Continued on -Page 2, Column 5,
Continued on Pace 3, Column 5.
PORT ARTHUR. May 3, noon. — The Japanese squadron
appeared off Port Arthur after daybreak to-day and engaged the
forts and warships. The fight is still proceeding. Thirty Japanese
prisoners have been captured.
At 1 o'clock this morning five . Japanese torpedo-boats were
sighted and the Russian land batteries and the gunboat Giliak and
the coast defense vessels Gremiashchi and Otvashni opened fire and
compelled them to retire. Immediately afterward other Japanese
ships were sighted on the horizon. They were headed by a fireship,
which' was sunk near the entrance of the harbor at 1 120 a. m..
IN ALL TEN FIKESHIPS AEE SUNK.
After an interval of twenty-five minutes two more fireships
came on and were sent to the bottom.
At 2 .2 5 o'clock four more fireships appeared. Three of these
blew up on^our. mines. Two of them sank immediately and the
other, two fireships were sunk by the batteries and warships.
: The. protected cruiser Askold participated in the firing.
Fifteen minutes later three more fireships arrived. One of
them blew up on a' mine, the second vessel was wrecked on^he shore
and the third was sunk by the Russian shells.
Russians rescue Japanese
; The.crews of the Japanese fireships which were sunk this morn
ing tried to save themselves by putting to sea in boats. A majority
of them were killed by the'Russian machine guns and rifles. Some
of the survivors were picked up. "^ N
At daybreak a number of Japanese
were seen clinging to the masts and
funnels of: the" sunken vessels "and these
were rescued" by ¦ the Russians.
' Thirteen of the , wounded •¦ Japanese
have ' since died. The ; Russians sup
plied the survivors with food and cloth
ing and the wounded were taken to the
hospital : ship Mongolia.
During 'the; morning ten of the
enemy's torpedo-boats remained in the
offing .and were fired upon at long
range. .
At 5:30 o'clock it was signaled that
there was a Japanese fleet in the vicin
ity and that two of the enemy's
launches had been run ashore.
The town Is quiet.» Large crowds
watched this morning's operations
with ' great interest.
Continued on Page 2, Column 3.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 3.— The Emperor has received
thejollowing telegram, under- to-day's date, from General Kuro
patkin : ¦'.;/*. / •
"General Zassulitch's report, dated to-day, on the fight of May
I, says that the battle was fought ainder the, following circum
c c rnnrp • . . ._ ¦
olclULCo . -
" 'The Twelfth and Twenty-second regiments. and the second
and third batteries of the Sixth Brigade 'of artillery were en
gaged in the battle, which began with heavy cannonading of our
right flank by siege guns at \Viju and field batteries in the dis
- tance. . : ,;. '.'.
"/After a lull the fighting was resumed with extraordinary
violence against the left flank of our main position at . Kulien
cheng and our position at, Potietinsky. A fusillade also was be
gun by small parties of Japanese across the Aho River.
ATTACKED IN FKONT AND ON FLANKS.
"The situation of thefdefenders' position became increasing
ly difficult, especially at Potieti nsk'y, which was bombarded . on
the front and both flanks. .
" 'Thirty Japanese guns -we re pitted Tagaiiist our battery at
Potietinsky, which, alter having" silencefl the enemy's mountain
battery,, directed itsfire on the Japanese infantry and ¦ sustained
few losses so long, as it was not obliged to take another position
owing to the withdrawal of our infantry from the tiank. .
JAPANESE CHANGE WITH {BAYONETS.
" 'The-JaJ3anese v under our.ifire, made ; continual bayonet .at
tacks on 'our troops. ! Japanese bodies - : lay / in 'heaps at, the river
" 'Simultaneously with the attack at'.; Potietinsky; an attach
was being, made; on our Jeft : flank "at Kuliencheng.and.the Russian
. trenches^had to be abandoned under the, Japanese enfilading -fire*.
Dead Are Piled in Heaps in Trenches During
Furious Bayonet Charges by Japanese.
Russians Sink Ten Fireships and Two Torpedo
Boats That Attempt to Block Port Arte
SLAVS UTILIZING SKIS IN REMOVING THE WOUNDED FROM SNOW- COVER ED BATTLEFIELD IN MANCHURIA.
existing conditions, be mutually satis
factory and the basis of a settlement
which will preserve the peace of San
Francisco, the Interests of the public,
the rights and principles of the union
and of its members, and at the same
time will not injuriously affect the
self-administration of the company.
After a discussion and conference of
several hours the following basis upon
which adjustment may be made can be
effectuated:
I.
On the recognition of the union,
which is the main feature involved.
"(1) The company wil recognize
the union and will deal with it as fol
lows and as further provided in the
company's last offer.
."(2) The company will deal in all
matters of grievance affecting the
j union of any member of the. union di
j rectly with the duly accredited officers
! of the union.
i "(3) The company will not' dis
j charge or discriminate against any
member of the union because of his
union affiliation.'
"(4) The company will not dis
charge or discriminate against any
member of the union because of any
connection with or participation in
any of the discussions or differences
arising out of the present or any past
controversy between the company and
J the union to date of adjustment.
(5) The company will not directly or
indirectly interfere with or prevent the
joining of the union by any man em
ployed by the company after the date
of this agreement, and it will be en
tirely satisfactory to the company if
he should so Join.
"(6) When any member of the union
shall be discharged (except for failure
to register fares) the president of the^
union shall be notified and if, in the
opinion of the union the discharge is
unjust, the matter shall be taken up
with him and the member In question
by the officer of the company having
in charge the employment and dis
charge of men. If an agreement be
not reached by them the whole matter
shall b* referred to a committee of
the Board of Directors of the company
(Messrs. Holbrook and TV/bin) for final
action and the president of the
union and the members in question
*nay appear before such committee
and present such written testimony as
1 they may desire. The member In ques
tion, if the final decision shall be in
his favor, shall be restored to duty
and shall be paid for his lost time.
"(7.) The company states that It has
no desire to disrupt the union, dis
integrate it or deteriorate its strength,
and as a guaranty of its good faith
will make all its conditions binding
upon itself for one, two or three years,
so that peaceful conditions may pre
vail and no changes detrimental either
to the union or the company may be
made during that period.
"(S) Although the company claims
that its offer has lapsed it has now,
at mv solicitation, pending final
adjustment, agreed to hold the offer
open and in statu quo until Wednes
day, May 4, 1904, at 3 o'clock a. m.,
during which time all conditions shall
remain unchanged.
"(3) All other provisions of the
company's offer in the Interest of the
employes shall stand as presented, if
settlement is made.
"(10) Any difference as to the In
terpretation of the meaning of any
terms of the agreement between the
company and the men shall be deter
mined by a board of arbitration, con
sisting of one member selected by the
company, one by the union and one
by the two so selected.
, "(11) On the question of wages, the
company is fixed firm and will abso
lutely make no further con
cession. Under its offer, in a
short time, and while the pro
posed agreement is yet in force," all
men not now receiving 27% cents per
hour will have been granted that
amount, as In the offer stated.
"Assuming that the company will
act in good faith with the men, as I
have no doubt it will, especially upon
a better understanding between you
and it, and pledging to you my official
and personal support for the faithful
and honest execution by the company
of every one of {he conditions above
stated, should you accept the same as
the basis of continued peace, and
at the same time assuring the
company of your loyal and honest
purpose to carry out In good faith
your part of any agreement made, I
earnestly recommend to you, in the
interest of peace and by way of honor
able compromise, and without loss of
dignity or principle, the settlement of
all existing differences between your
selves and the company on the lines
bereinabove suggested, , invoking* and,
guaranteeing for such action on. your"
part the good will "and the friendly
feeling of all the people of San Fran
cisco, Irrespective of belief, class or
station. ', Very sincerely yours,
"E. E. SCHMITZ. Mayor of San
Francisco."
COMPANY'S CONCESSION.
The letter of the United Railroads to
the Mayor, referred to by him in his
report to the caVmen. is as follows:
"May 3, 1904.
"His Honor Eugene E. Schmitz,
"Mayor of San Francisco.
"Sir: We were notified by the Car
men's Union early on the morning of
May 1 that action had been deferred by
them — at your request — for three days.
We were requested, thereafter, by your
Honor to meet you in the matter.
"We feel it Incumbent upon us under
these circumstances not only to com- '
ply with your request, but to extend
our proposal to the men till 3 o'clock
on next Wednesday morning, in" the
meantime the status quo to be main
tained; and further, to emphasize our
attitude toward our employes we gladly
accept your suggestion that'the follow
ing words be embodied in our proposal,
constituting the fortieth and final
clause thereof:
" 'Section 40. The company fully rec
ognizes the* union, as provided in this
contract, and will not, directly or indi
rectly, interfere with or prevent the
joining of the union by any man em
ployed by the company after the date
of this agreement, and it will be en
tirely satisfactory to the company If he
should so join — the company will nel
| Iher discharge nor discriminate against
any employe because -of his connection
with the union, nor for any participa
tion in any «f the discussions or differ
ences arising out- of the present or any
past controversy between the company
and the union to the date of adjust
ment.
" 'When any member of the union
shall have been discharged (except for
failure to register fares) the president
of the union shall be notified and if
,in.the opinion of the union the dis
charge is unjust the matter shall be
taken up with him and the member
In question by the officers of the com
pany hiving in charge the employment
and discharge of men.'
"It is understood that one of the
terms of this extension and addition is
that the contract be for one, two. or
three years, as the union may elect
within the time above limited.
"Very respectfully, your obedient
servants,
"THE UNITED RAILROADS OF
SAN FRAXCISCO. By its executive
committee."
"Attest: GEO. B. WILLCUTT,
Secretary."
President Cornelius stated that the
city's executive would answer any
questions any member might desire to
put. Question upon question was pro
pounded to the Mayor and as quickly
answered. >^vv
President Mahon of the National As
sociation asked the May6r whether the
men could rely upon the promises made
by the company. Schmitz replied that
he believed they could, but in the event
of the company not standing • by its
promise he would stand by the men.
Immediately following Mahon's query,
Cornelius took the floor and. made a
plea; for* the settlement of the difficul
ties. After some further discussion the
vote -was taken and the strike was off.
. /Those in favor of the first proposition
."were requested to rise to their feet.
l£kn a great billow, human forms arose
, until but five or Fix remained seated.
. No actual count was necessary to de
termine the sentiments of the members
cf the urion, for the majority ¦was so
overwhelming: as to leave no doubt as
to the mind of the carmen.
. ' MAYOR'S STATEMENT.
Mayor Schmitz made a strong plea to
the men to accept the company's terms.
.•He pictured the troubles which would
, fallow if a strike was declared and the
good which would be accomplished if a
. t-ottir-mr-ut whs reached. After the vote
had twn taken he made the following
• statement:
"The strike" is averted. I congratu
late the p^opie of San Francisco on this
happy result, on the peaceful solution
of a strained industrial difference
which portended strife, misery and suf
. fering, and on the continuance of un
' checked tranquillity and prosperity.
"I thank the carmen for their good
sense, their conservative judgment and
their friendly feeling, and I wish also
tt>_ express my appreciation of the cour
tesy, affability and cool business ideas
of the officials of the United Railroads,
whfch made it possible to achieve the
object so much dosired and hoped fcrr
by all San Francisco — peace.
. "The position which I assumed by j
•my personal intervention atthelastmo
nient. when all hope of amicable ad
justment had fled and both sides were
. outspoken for bitter war, was a most
trying one; on either side apt to sub
ject me to misconstruction of motive
and on both sides likely to bring about
jlissatisf action with him who inter
bred in their private affairs without
being asked.
'.'I am pleased at the almost unani
mous support and encouragement of
the people and thank them sincerely
and from the bottom of my heart for
their sustaining good will. I deem it
my duty, however, to call especial at
tention of the public to the hypocriti
cal and lying statements made re
• j*eatedly in certain quarters calculated
and designed, by misrepresentation
and false- statement, to incite the men
• of -the union to strike and to plunge
• the city into possible disorder, turbu
• l^nre and riot, all for the gratifica
tion of party political revenge.
They should be denounced as enemies
of the republic and as traitors to the I
• bejst interests of this city.
"If the carmen had believed the ac
counts of those papers no man can tell
upon what scenes to-morrow's sun
would have risen." »>.
MAYORS REPORT.
It had br-en expected in the early
..part of the evening that a secret ballot
would be taken, and with that end in
view seventy-five membere were ap
pointed to pass around Blips of paper
upon which were to be written the sim
ple words "yes" or "no." Thirty mem
bers were appointed to act as tellers
and. count the vote as rapidly as pos
sible. The final result, however, pre
cluded the necessity of any such action.
During the early stages of the meet-
Ing Mayor Schmitz presented his re
port as follows:
To the officers and members of the
Amalgamated Association of s. and
E. Railway Employes of San Fran
cisco, Division Xo. 205:
Gentlemen— Believing, . from ex
perience and information, that the
extremely grave crisis now existing in
the relations between yourselves and
the company was, in all probability,
largely induced by the suspicion and
doubt of either side as to the abiding
good faith of the other in the various
negotiations, and fearing that what
e\ er - good Intention or good feeling
cither party might have entertained
toward the other may have been Jeop
ardized and perhaps destroyed by such
suspicion and by a common misunder
standing. I have sought to obtain
a declaration in good faith of the com
pany's attitude toward Its men and to
ward the union, for the future as well
as for the present, and I truly believe
that I have succeeded in securing terms
end agreements which should, under
'* There will be no strike of the Carmen's Union, and the differences between the company
and ;ts.employes are settled for one year. By almost a unanimous vote the members of the union
decided at 2 no o'clock this morning to accept the terms of the company.
This result of the pending trouble was brought about by Mayor Schmitz pleading with the
men to accept the terms of the company, and, in order that the 2000 car operators assembled might
thoroughly understand every question pertaining to the matters at issue, he read a typewritten state
ment of his conference with the railroad officials and their reply.
Following the reading of that report Mayor Schmitz endeavored to show to the men the
troubles which would ensue in the event of a strike being declared and pleaded with them again to
accept the company's offer and sign the agreement. President Cornelius followed Mayor Schmitz
practically along the same lines and before Mahon of the national organization could secure the
. floor the question was put to strike or not to strike.
Decision to Accept the Proposition Submitted
by the Company Is Almost Unanimous.
LONDON, May 4. — The Chefu correspondent of the Daily Chronicle cables the following under Tuesday's date : "The Japanese landed troops and attacked and captured Newchwang last evening, the Russians falling back to pro-
ST. PETERSBURG, May 3. — In a report received by the Emperor from General Kuropatkin under to-day's date it is stated that at least from 3000**0 4000 Japanese were killed in the Yalu River-fight. fl *-'•"•" -
NEWCHWANG ATTACKED AND CAPTURED BY JAPANESE
CARMEN, BY A BIG MAJORITY, VOTE NOT TO STRIKE
By a rising vote at 2:10 o'clock this morning the Carmen's Union decided not to strike and to accept the terms of the company, which includes a signed agreement covering a period of one year.
More than the two-thirds majority to decide the question was counted when the delegates rose to their feet.. Cheer upon cheer echoed through the Alhambra, Theater when the final announcement was made
from the stage and the men that had brought the final issue about left the hall laughing and rejoicing. The opponents of the company say they were "jobbed" by Cornelius and threats were made that the
present president will be removed before the year is out. The few disgruntled members attempted to hold a meeting afterward," but there was so much opposition that nothing could be done.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 156.
San 7rancisco and vicinity—
ralr Wednesday; freih wetterly
winds. . A. O. Me A TUB,
District Forecaster.
Toreeast maaa at San Tran
dsoo for thirty hours ending
midnight, Kay 4: S^
TIE WSATSIS.
¦ California.— "Tom's, Waddln?
otft." <>* O-. y
Central— "Dr." Jekyll 4n4 /Mr.
Hyde.""^ - * . '/
Chutes — Vaudeville, .'a?
Columbia — "Kogrer _ Brother* in
, ~^<,-Jf:
Oraad — "la Towa. 1 * *#
Mechanics' Pavilion — Pure Food
and Industrial Exposition.
Orphnun — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
Tlvoll — "When Johnny ' Comes
Marching Home."
THE THE A TEES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO. WEDNESDAY, MAY 4, 1904.
The San Francisco CallCertain Koreans have refused to sell
the additional land which is wanted at
Seoul • for the proposed station there of
the Seoul-Fusan line. This has created
some friction 1 arid the Japanese have
threatened to resort to article 3 of the
Seoul-Fusan agreement, which binds
Korea to provide for tracks -and. build
ings, and which sets forth that i the
constructing company shall hold this
land until such time. as the administra
tion of- the railroad passes to, the Ko
rean Government. *
and, is navigable for forty miles from
its mouth.
The Government will also permit two
steamships to be used for the same
purpose on the Maktong. River, which
empties Into the sea at Fusan, on the
east coast, and which is navigable for
fifty- five miles. , ;¦ .<-•.' „
BHELDOX. la.. May 3.— The Obedlah County
Grand Jury has voted four indictments against
Ed C Brown of the Iowa Railroad Commis
sion and president of the failed Sheldon State
Bank. The Indictments, charce. Irregularities
Jn the bank's HiTair?. one count 'charging em
bezzlement yi $7-:.irw. ¦
CHICAGO, May S. — It has been
practiqally settled by the committee
of the Union Flre Insurance Associa
tion to advance premiums in the West
at least 20 per cent within a month.
This organization of underwriters
has decided that in view of the losses
caused by the Baltimore. Rochester
and Toronto fires rates in the "conflag
ration districts" of large cities are too
low and has determined upon the ad
vance.
By June 1 it is believed the insur
ance rates in Chicago, St. Louis, Den
ver, Salt Lake City, San Francisco and
other large cities in the West will be
increased.
Union Association Is to Profit by
Experiences In Recent
Conflagrations.
RATES OF INSURANCE
ARE TO BE INCREASED
PRAISES AMERICA'S COURSE.
. -
London Journal's Comment on the
Opening of Antung Port.
LONDON, May 3. — Commenting on
the Shanghai report that United States
Consul Davidson is proceeding to his
post at Antung. the Globe says:
"The triumph of the open door has
begun and the United States has given
once more a sign of Its clear appre
ciation of the real issues at stake in
the Far East."
The Globe then invites the British
Foreign Office to show similar ac
tivity.
Catholic Priests as Chaplains.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 4. — A Ro
man Catholic priest has been assigned
to service as a chaplain with the army
and others will be appointed to serve
In the Far East. It Is estimated that
there are 10,000 Roman Catholics
among the troops. Members of other
creeds, including Mussulmans, will
also. have their own spiritual advisers.
Gallantry of Japanese Seamen Offset
by Russian Watchfulness.
PORT ARTHUR. May 3.^-At a few
minutes before 1 o'clock this morning
the fort'a guns awakened the town
with their thunderous noise. The gun
boats lying at the -mouth of the har
bor Joined In the cannonade of the
batteries, the firing gradually -increas
ing in volume until there was a con
tinuous crash of great guns. 1 - Some of
the enemy's torpedo-boats were dis
covered, but they were finally swal
lowed up in the darkness, and the bat
teries and warships, after forty min
utes' activity, were again shrouded in
gloom, though the flashing search
lights showed that the military were
alive to the warning conveyed of the
approach of the Japanese ships.
Shortly before 2 o'clock a search
light played from the sea directly upon
the entrance of the harbor, lighting it
up to show the way for the fireships.
The projector moved to the right from
Liaotishan to Golden Hill. For a quar
ter of an hour the light was watched
with curiosity, and then a second can
nonade began, the heaviest fire being
directed to the left of Golden Hill,
where the fireships were located.
At about 4 o'clock the batteries
ceased firing save for an occasional
shot. •
Just before dawn the bark of the
rapid-fire guns and the crackling of the
mitrailleuse was heard from Golden
Hill. Occasionally there were sound3
of explosions, as of mines going off. It
was the enemy's ships striking on Rus
sian torpedoes.
At this hour a magnificent sea pic
ture was formed by the soft light of
the waning moon, the orange flashes
of the guns, the signal rockets and the
purple fires on the steel-colored sea,
which were alternately lighting up and
dying out.
The fireships were ten in number and
of about 2000 tons.
It is reported that two Japanese tor
pedo-boats were sunk, the remainder
withdrawing In a damaged condition.
Eight fireships were sunk and very
few members of their crews were saved.
Most of them were killed. • • • '
In the morning many bodies were
seen floating about outstde the harbor.
These were collected by the Russians,
who brought them ashore and burled
them.
The vigilance of the men In the watch
towers and in the guardboats was as
tonishing. To their keen eyes was due
the prompt sighting of the enemy. \
The Russians captured two officers
and thirty men.
It is reported that twelve ships had
been prepared by the Japanese, but for
some unknown reason two of them
never attempted to approach the en
trance.
It Is said the crews of the fireships
included a number of Japanese cadets,
who showed extraordinary bravery, es
pecially when the ships were sinking.
Several of the crew . sat on the top
masts, .firing revolvers, ¦ and then
plunged Into the ¦ sea. It Is believed
that none of the cadets were saved. ,
The attempt to close the mouth of
the harbor failed.
TOGO FAILS COMPLETELY
fipfrjpi Dif pitch to The Call
CALL BUREAU.. HOTEL BARTON.
"WASHINGTON, May 3.— News of the
reported fall of Newchwang was re
ceived t«>-nfffht with intense -surprise
by Government officials and military
ro'en. The Russian Embassy and the
Japanese Legation anxiously await
confirmation of the Japanese victory,
vhich. if it is as complete as stated,
will take its place as the most signal
advantage attained by either side since
tfte defeat of the Russian .fleet at Port
Arthur. Further details are required
by military experts before they will
attempt to discuss the strategy In ex
t^nso, but the possession of New
chwang by the Japanese is generally
Yakrn to mean an early attack upon
Port Arthur. A military officer, who
cannot be quoted on account of his
position, said to-cight:
"We had been l«»d to believe that
Huspia had a strong force In and near
Newchwang. That the Japanese could
have reduced the city so quickly seems
almost incomprehensible. The channel
"between Yinkow and Newchwang was
thoroughly mined.
' "With the Japanese in possession of
Newchwang. the Russian forces driven
t;i< k from the Yalu two days ago are
taken in the rear, while Port Arthur
tor the first time is eeriously menaced
from the land side. Japanese occupa
tion of Newchwang means that the
Mikado's soldiers have a base not only
on the Yalu, but also at the head of the
ijrulf of Llaotung. With the Japanese
fleet j-trong enough to keep the Rus
sian fleet bottled up in Port Arthur,
there is nothing to prevent the landing
fif -trar>5ports and supplies at New
rhwang, which is connected by a short
railroad spur with the Port Arthur
branch of the Siberian Railroad. The
cutting of the railroad would seem to
be an easy tas k, for it is not to be be
lieved'that the Japanese would or
could have reduced Newchwang with
out sufficient force to hold it against
almost any force which can be Imme
diately sent against them from the
nortfi.
"••The Russians cannot tell whether
General Kuroki. the victor of Sunday,
will turn toward Vladivostok or toward
Pt-rt Arthur. Before the report that
Newghwang had fallen came, I would
have taid it was up to the Russians
to dislodge the Japanese from their po-
Fition on the Yalu, even though they
had to fight on ground chosen by the
¦Japanese. But now, if the Russian
force is menaced in the rear from New
chwang, it is another and more serious
question.
"We have been informed that at least
100,000 Japanese troops had been land
.ed in Korea, but only 15,000 were ac
counted for in the engagement on the
Yalu. We had not hitherto been able
to find out where the great portion of
the remainder were. It wo-uld seem
• they were being held for an expedition
against Newchwang."
TOKIO IS CELEBRATING.
Victory on the Yalu Arouses Latent
Enthusiasm of Islanders.
TOKIO. May 3. — The greatest pop
ular demonstration Fince the beginning
of the war occurred in Tokio this
evening. The entire capital showed
its joy at the Japanese victory on the
Yohi. Thousands of residents, half of
'Whom were women, paraded the
streets in celebration of the triumph.
There were dozens of parades in as
' many different quarters and they later
wfre all centralized in one great
pageant- Th<* students composed one
parade and they all carried red lan
terns. The entire city is decorated
with flairs and lanterns.
Jaiianese Bonds in Demand
LONDON, May 3. — Japanese bonds
were marked up Hi, on the Stock Ex
change to-day on the Japanese suc
cesses, while Russians were % down.
TOKIO, May 3.— A supplemental re
port was received here to-day from
General Kuroki. It is dated to-day
and says:
"Yesterday the enemy offered a stub
born resistance against our pursuit,
adding COO to our casualties. The
enemy stood with rtsolution until their
artillery, consisting of two batteries,
lost the majority of its men and horses.
They then broke the breaches and
closing apparatus of their guns and
hoisted the white flag.
"According to a captured Russian
officer Major General Kashtalinsky.
commander of the Third East Siberian
Rifle Brigade, the colonels of the Elev
enth and Twelfth Rifle regiments and
the commander of the Rifle Artillery
Battalion were killed in the fighting at
Hamatan.
"It seems that the enemy was en
tirely routed by our attack, because
since yesterday many have com© in
and surrendered. Our prisoners in
clude thirty officers, twenty of whom
are wounded, and 300 men, 100 of whom
are wounded.
"A preliminary report from the chief
surgeon of the First Japanese army
shows. that we had 793 men killed ami
wounded. These casualties are divided
as follows: The Imperial Guards. 132;
the Second Division, 350; the Third Di
vision, 316."
LURED INTO AMBUSCADE.
Zassulitch Entrapped by Japanese and
Taken at Disadvantage.
LOXDON, May 4. — The Russian of
ficial dispatches display the customary
candor In fully confirming the disas
trous nature of the rout sustained on
the Yalu. To the Russian official
frankness in this respect Is attributed
the belief of the Russian people that
initial reverses are of no consequence
and that eventually triumph is inev
itable.
A special dispatch from St. Peters
burg asserts that Lieutenant General
Zassulitch fell Into an ambush owing
to the Japanese Interrupting a tele
gram from General Kurapatkin. »_
According to the Standard's St. "
Petersburg correspondent General
Kuropatkin Is recalling all the troopa
from the neighborhood of Gensan. He
Is opposed, the correspondent say3. to
fighting many minor actions, and In
tends to withdraw all outlying Russian
forces-
The Standard's Shanghai corre
spondent says that before evacuating
Antung. the Russians expelled the
population by force. He adds that
the Peking Government has refused
General Ma's request to be permitted
to expel the Russian troops from west
of the LJao River.
The correspondent at Shanghai of
the Daily Telegraph says It Is under
stood all non-combatants have left and
all official documents and valuables
have been removed from Dalny, and
that all guns from the disabled war
ships at Port Arthur have been taken
ashore to the forts.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 4. 6:03
a. m. — St. Petersburg is electrified by
the sensational news of fighting on
land and sea.
Yesterday was a day of anxiety and
excitement among all classes of peo
ple, from the Emperor in the palace
to the lowest moujik standing be
fore the bulletin boards eagerly lis
tening to the dispatches as they were
read by educated persona in the
crowd.
Important as was Alexieff'a
achievement, in spite of the magni
tude of the attempt of the Japanese,
who this time sent in ten flreships to
block the Port Arthur entrance. It is
dwarfed by the details of the fighting
on the Yalu showing the severe losses
suffered by the Russians, who have
removed 800 wounded alone to Feng
wangcheng, while it Is estimated by
General Kuropatkin that the Japan
ese loss is between 3000 and 4000.
If this statement of the Japanese
loss is correct, the Russian authorities
say, General Zassulitch must be given
credit for carrying out that part of his
orders, to make the crossing of the
Yalu as costly as possible to the enemy.
Zassulitch had only 10.000. of whom
2000 were unable to participate In the
fighting. The Japanese had from 35,000
to 40,000 men, besides the greater quan
tity of guns, many of them being of
heavier caliber than those of the Rus
sians.
ODDS ARE FIVE TO ONE.
Thus outnumbered, the Russians
actually engaging more than five to
one, the Japanese did succeed in flank
ing two Russian battalions on both
sides and enveloping them in the rear.
The latter, with music playing and
with fixed bayonets, a priest holding
aloft a cross, charged and the Japan
ese opened before them, after which
they succeeded in reaching the sup
ports.
It was one of the most gallant ac
tions of a bloody day. It is regretted
both In military and church circles that
the priest was severely wounded.
No such determined stand as that
made by the troops was intended by
General Kuropatkin, but their tenacity
in holding their position, it is said, is
worthy of the highest tradition of the
Russian army. , •
It Is a cause of satisfaction to the
authorities that in spite of the severe
Russian loss General Zassulitch had
sufficient strength to sharply bite the
pursuing enemy, who lost 300 in this
movement alone.
JAPANESE ARE HURLED BACK.
The opinion here is that the rear
guard movement was one of the mo3t
dramatic bits of fighting during the
battle. Three times the. Russians halted
and twice the Mikado's cavalry were
hurled back, only to come again. The
third repulse sickened the fighting
stomach of the assailants, who aband
oned the effort to completely crush th<?
retreating force. • . .
The general staff does not expect an
immediate forward movement of the
Japanese, but the latter are preparing
the way for an advance, as is shown
by the appearance of a cavalry detach
ment to the southeast of \ Fengwang
cheng.
The retirement of the detachment
when sighted by a Russian force indi
cated simply that it was scouting in
order to locate the next point where
resistance may be looked for.
The press is Informed by the general
staff that Major General Kashtlllnsky
is alive and that Lieutenant General
Zassulitch was not wounded, but that
the colonels, lieutenant colonels and a
majority of the men of the Twelfth and
Twenty-second regiments were either
Kuropatkin Hurrying to Front.
ROME, May 3. — According to a dis
patch received here General Kuropat
kin is on the march from Llaoyang to
Fengwancheng with 20,000 troops.
FRESNO, May 3. — Mrs. Carrie
Owen, whose husband was killed in
the Owl wreck at Byron in 1902, has
compromised with the railroad com
pany for $10,000.
Compromises for $10,000.
STOCK GROWERS HOLD
CONVENTION IN DENVER
Many Delegates Assemble ami Much
Important Business Is
Transacted.
DENVER. May. 3. — Delegates from
every Important stock-raising and
shipping point west of the Missouri
River were present at the opening of
the stockmen's convention, called by
the cattle growers of Texas, -which as
sembled at the Brown Palace Hotel
in this city to-day. W. W. Turner,
president of the Texas Cattle Growers'
Association, presided.
An organization to bo known as the
Cattle Growers' Interstate Executive
Committee was effected, with the fol
lowing officers: Chairman. W. W.
Turney, Texas: vice chairman. William
A. Harris, Kansas: secretary. Fred
erick P. Johnson, Denver.
Denver was selected as the head
quarters of the new organization.
NEW TOUK. May 3.— All the retlrtn* offi
cers of the 1'nlted State* Steel Corporation
were re-elected at the regular monthly meet-
Ing to-day.
"After 4 o'clock a. m. the batteries
and warships ceased firing, subsequent
ly firing only at intervals on the
enemy's torpedo-boats, which were vis
ible on the horizon. All of the fireships
carried quick-firing guns, with which
they maintained a constant flre.
"Up to the present twenty men, in
cluding two mortally wounded officers,
who took refuge on a launch or were
rescued from the flreshlps by us, have
been picked up. The inspection of .the
roadstead and the work. of saving the
enemy's men were hindered by tlvj
heavy sea running. We suffered no
casualties, with the exception of a sea
man belonging to a torpedo-boat de
stroyer.
"On the first appearance of the first
fireship, accompanied by the enemy'a
torpedo-boats, I boarded a launch and
proceeded with the Otvcshni to take
immediate measures for repulsing the
fireships."
"Altogether eight ships were sunk
by our vigorous cannonade, by White
head torpedoes launched from our tor
pedo-boats and by the explosion of sev
eral Fubmarine mines. Further, ac
cording to the report of< the offlpers
commanding the batteries, two Japan
ese torpedo-boats were destroyed.
TWO TORPEDO-BOATS SUNK.
"At 1:45 o'clock the first flreshlps,
escorted by several torpedo-boats, were
sighted and we opened fire upon them
from the batteries and the warships.
Three-quarters of an hour afterward
our searchlights reveaJed a number of
fireships making for the entrance of
the harbor from the east and south
west. The coast defense vessels Ot
vashnl and Gremlashchl and the gun
boat Giliak repulsed them by a well
directed 'fire.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 3.— High
Admiral Grand Duke Alexis has re
ceived the following official telegram
from Viceroy Alexieff, reporting the
Japanese attempt to blockade Port Ar
thur early this morning.
"I respectfully report to your High
ness tha^ a fresh attack was made by
the enemy last night with the object
of obstructing the entrance to the port
and that it was successfully repelled.
"At 1 o'clock this morning five tor
pedo-boats were seen near the coast
from the eastern batteries. Under the
flre of our warships and batteries they
retreated southward.
" 'Japanese cavalry appeared to the
southeast of Fengwangcheng. but see-
Ing two companies with two guns op
posed to it It did not venture to ap
proach.
" 'The transportation of the wounded
by hired Chinese bearers to Fengwang
cheng was very difficult. Two-wheeled
carts and horses lent by the cavalry
also were utilized for this purpose. Most
of the wounded, however, arrived on
foot, assisted by their comrades, and
reached Fengwangcheng within twen
ty-four hours.'
"Lieutenant General Zassulitch de
clares that the troops retained their
morale notwithstanding the heavy
losses, and are ready for fresh engage
ments.
"The Japanese losses were very heavy
at the passage of the Aho River, at
their position at Kuliencheng and on the
hill occupied by the two battalions of
the Eleventh Regiment. According to
the statements of participants In the
battle at least 3000 or 4000 were killed."
" 'Up to the present 800 wounded, in
cluding fourteen officers, have been
brought to the hospital at Fengwang
cheng. Their eventual transportation
elsewhere is assured.
EIGHT HUNDRED WOUNDED.
" 'In front of the regiment a chaplain
bearing a. cross was struck by two bul
lets. ' -
" 'It was only by advancing on the
Japanese with the bayonet that the
Seventh Regiment was able to retire.
" 'On the arrival of the battalion of
the Tenth Regiment all the troops were
able to beat the retreat.
" 'The losses of the Eleventh and
Twelfth regiments were very great, but
they are not yet exactly known. In
the Eleventh the killed included Colonel
Laming and Lieutenant Colonels Do
mettl and .Ralevski. The Twelfth lost
nine company commanders killed and
wounded.
" 'The second and third batteries of
the Sixth Brigade, having lost the
greater number, of their men and
horses, were compelled to abandon
their guns after rendering them use
less. For the same reason the six guns
of the third battery of the Third Bri
gade of artillery and eight poulemets,
which could not be brought away, were
also disabled. The mountainous nature
of the country made It impossible to
save the guns by means of drag ropes.
".'A battalion of the Eleventh Regi
ment, both flanks of which were re
peatedly turned by the .enemy, ad
vanced with fixed bayonets, preceded
by buglers, to clear a passage. * The
Japanese, however, declined a hand
to-hand conflict and recoiled.
RUSSIANS USE BAYONETS.
"'Finally, all of the supports were
brought ud Into- the firing line, but
owing to the great distance from our
main reserve, it was impossible for them
to reach the advanced force 'in time
and our men retired from the prin
cipal position., lo another . position . in
the' rear of Kuliencheng, followed by
the concentrated fire of the Japanese,
who could not make up their minds to
descend from the crest they occupied
and face the fire of our batteries and
poulemets. They dug fresh trenches
and opened a heavy 'artillery fire on
our position and began to turn our left
flank toward Chingow.
""'Two battalions of the Eleventh
Regiment and the third battery of the
Third Brigade of artillery, belonging
to the main reserve, were ordered to
Laof unhou. • They occupied a position
with a double firing line, thus permit
ting our advanced line, which had suf
fered heavily, and our wounded, to re
tire.
Our reserves several times mingled
with the first line, thus enablins It
for a long time to maintain its posi
tion. ~ - '
' The Korean Government will permit
one steamship to. navigate the Keoum
River for the purpose of transporting
materials for the construction of the
Seoul r Fusan Railroad. The, Keoum
River empties into the Yellow Sea at
Kunsan, on the west .coast of -Korea,
Much satisfaction has been express
ed In court circles here at the treat
ment of Yi Chi Ying at the hands of
the Japanese authorities. Yi Chi YJng,
with a suite of six officials, left Seoul
on April 14 to return the visit of Mar
quis Ito.
DEMAND PREFECT'S REMOVAL.
SEOUL. Korea, April .29 (delayed in
transmission).— The Korean inhab
itants of the island of Quelpart, off the
south coast of Korea, have demanded
the removal of their prefect, Hung
TJyong On, who received his appoint
ment as a reward for the murder In
a. hotel in Shanghai In 1894 of Kim Ok
Klnn, the Korean reformer. The Gov
ernment had heretofore ignored the
chronic dissatisfaction of the people
of Quelpart, but it is now hoped that
the Influence of thp Japanese will in
sure them a hearing.
SEOUL, Korea, Thursday, April 28
(delayed in transmission).— A tele
gram has been received from the Jap
anese Consul at Gensan saying he has
had reports from the north to the ef
fect that 400 Russian troops are at
Hyonghong, a place north of Kilju,
near the Tumen River.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs at-
Peking has requested permission for
the establishment of consulates at
Peking, Tientsin and Tongku for the
care of Korean refugees.
The Emperor of Korea has given an
audience to Hayashi, '. the ' Japanese
Minister, and. Hino, a, Buddhist Cardi
nal. The Emperor was most gracious
to the prelate, who has come out to the
war as the fighting abbots of the Mid
dle Ages went - forth, to preach ; to the
soldiers In the field and instill in them
the spirit of Buddhism militant.
PROGRESS ON RAILRAOD.
SEOUL, Korea, Monday, May 2— (de
layed in transmission).— The Russian
troops fled panic-stricken, when routed
from Kuliencheng, pursued by Japa
nese cavalry and infantry over the hill
country toward Fengwangcheng from
1:50 p. m. until 8 o'clock at night The
wounded, including General in Chief
Zassulitch and General Kashtalinsky,
reached Antung, whence the Russians
were eventually forced to retire, after
twenty-five minutes' fierce fighting.
SEOUL. Korea, Saturday, April 30
(decayed in transmission). — The activ
ity of the Russians in the province of
North Hyonghong, Korea, continues.
Five hundred Cossacks are reported to
have advanced to Kilju, a town on
the coast about 170 miles north of
Gensan, and a second party, number
ing 240 men, is twenty miles behind
the first. It is said that the Koreans
are repairing roads to facilitate the
movement of the Russians.
SEOUL. Korea, Friday, April 29 (de
layed in transmission).— During the
past three weeks there has been much
local political ferment in palace circles,
and the changes In the ministry have
been frequent. Four Ministers of For
eign Affairs have been appointed only
to resign at once, and other portfolios
have been taken up, relinquished and
are still vacant.
SEOUL, May 3 (3 p. m.).— In the fight
ing on the Yalu all the Russian guns
posted to oppose the crossing of the
river were put out of action before the
actual crossing took place. For two
hours, from 7 until 9 o'clock, continu
ous fighting went on, the Japanese
steadily pressing forward and the Rus
sians falling back before the weight of
men and guns opposed to them.
The Japanese, infantry with a bril
liant dash captured the fortified heights
northwest of Kuliencheng, and the
pressure was kept up until after noon,
a portion of the Russian forces beins
driven toward Antung. There was
furious fighting the entire distance.
At Antung the Russians found that
in addition to the force confronting
them they were threatened by strong
detachments on either flank. Their re
treat then became so hurried that there
was no time to replace the artillery
horses shot down by the Japanese
sharpshooters, and twenty guns, to
gether with a large quantity of ammu
nition and rifles end a: number , of of
ficers-and men, -were captured. The
Russians were able to carry off all their
wounded.
PAXIC-STRICKEX FLIGHT.
INFANTRY'S BRILLIANT DASH.
The Japanese residents of Seoul are
preparing to hold an impressive memo
rial service In honor of those of their
countrymen who have fallen in battle,
and also a great celebration commem
orating the victories attained by the
Japanese arms, to be held on May 6.
SEOUL, Korea, May 3.— Later reports
of the Russian reverse on the Yalu are
to the effect that the Japanese captured
twenty-eight small rapid-fire guns.'be
sides twenty field guns. They also cap
tured thirty Russian officers and more
than 500 men, many" of whom "were
found hiding in the underbrush by
Japanese searching parties.
Cossack officers who were captured
place the number of Russians killed
and wounded at 800, but it is believed
that this understates the Russian loss,
which is considered to be very much
greater.
The Japanese army is resting, bury
ing Its dead and caring for its wound
ed. The Japanese thoroughly occupy
the area over which the fighting ex
tended, and are now scouting the hilly
country to which the Russian forces
retired.
The Emperor is understood to be
greatly grieved over the losses sus
tained on the Yalu River. Those who
have seen his Majesty say that he was
dumfounded when he was informed
of the heavy fighting which attended
the passage of the river. As is well
understood here, General Kuropatkin's
programme did not contemplate such
resistance to the Japanese advance. It
is said, moreover, that Kuropatkin
himself was equally surprised and so
chagrined over the miscarriage of his
plans that he sent his first telegram
to the general staff and not direct to
the Emperor. The understanding here
is that General Zassulitch had specific
orders to avoid anything like a gen
eral engagement, and it is believed
that the Russian commander at the
front probably was deceived in his
estimate of the strength of General
Kuroki's artillery, being in entire ig
norance that 4.2 guns had been posted,
and got into a position from which he
had the greatest difficulty in extricat
ing his men. The only consolation for
the loss of the Russian guns is that,
being without their breech locks, they
are of no value to the enemy.
It is admitted by the general staff
that the Japanese flanking move af
fected the whole of the twelve battal
ions and three batteries at Kulien
cheng and Litzavla, which accounts
for the desperate fighting. The Twelfth
and Twenty-second regiments suffered
the most. A great number of officers
were killed or wounded and the gun
ners of the captured pieces were either
killed, wounded or made prisoner. One
battery had every man killed.
Batteries of Russian artillery have
226 men in war time, horse mountain
batteries have 245 men and Cossa'ck
artillery batteries have from 245 to 324
men.
MANY OFFICERS KILLED.
According to information" Just ob
tained from the general staff, Zassu
litch's entire force at the Yalu con
sisted of fifteen rifle battalions of V£00
men and five batteries of forty guns.
One regiment, of three battalions and
two batteries stationed at Antung did
not participate in Sunday's fighting
and retired without loss.
The heights of Kuliencheng and Ko
san were held by four regiments and
four batteries, about 10,000 men. and
thirty-two guns, against 80,000 Japan
ese and 160 guns, in addition to sixteen
twelve-pounder siege guns landed from
the gunboats. These guns are consider
ed by the Russians to Have been re
sponsible for General Zassulitch's de
feat, as the Russian guns were of a
light field pattern, with some mountain
pieces.
The general staff asserts that General
Zassulitch had no reserves nearer than
Fengwangcheng. Reserves, it is add
ed, were unnecessary, as General Zas*
sulitch'e mission was only to observe
and harass, but not impede the Japan
ese.
"It is like General Kurokl's luck that
General Zassulitch should be such a
headstrong commander," said an offi
cer.
Another official report from General
Kcrcrpatkin, dated May 2, says Gen
eral Zassulitch's force retreated in
good order, eventually arriving at
Fengwangcheng. He attributes the
losses on the Yalu to the superiority
of the Japanese artillery. The num
ber of casualties or of the guns lost
is not specified by General Zassu
litch.
"Although we were unable to hold
our position here, we inflicted heavy
losses on the enemv."
RETREAT OP ZASSULITCH.
ST. PETERSBURG, Hay 3. — It. is
now admitted here that both General
Zassulitch and Katchalinsky were
wounded and that twenty-seven {runs
were captured by the Japanese during:
the recent fighting- on the Yalu River.
The Emperor to-day received an
official dispatch from General Kuro
patkin forwarding a dispatch from
General Zassulitch. It is dated "noon,
Sunday," and describes how he or
dered the Russian forces at Antung
and Kuliencheng to fall back along
the main road toward Fengwang
cheng.
This movement was protected from
the threatened flank attack by men
and guns stationed at Potitiensky, on-s
mile north of Kuliencheng, and at
Chingow. villages on the Litzavla Riv
er. Here the figSting was protracted
and severe. The Russians lost arttl
lery and horses, being obliged to aban
don, according: to the text, a "few"
guns. General Zassulitch says:
"Brown Army in Position to
• Take Port Arthur by a .
Land Attack.
Fights Against Overwhelm
ing Odds Until His Force
Is Surrounded.
Brown Horsemen Are Hurled
Back, Only to Return, to
the Attack.
Large Number of Prisoners
Fall Into the Hands of
Kuroki.
Japanese Searching Parties
Find Many Cossacks Hid
ing in the Brush.
Loss of Town Would Be a
Tremendous Disaster to
the Czar.
Russian Commander Ignores
Positive Order Not to '
Risk Battle.
Abandon Small Eapid-Fire
Guns in Addition to
Their Cannon.
Three Hundred 3Ien Added
to Casualty List of the
Victors.
Three Times Zassulitch
Halts to Engage Mi
kado's Cavalry.
REPORTED FALL
OF HEWCHWANG
STIRS SURPRISE
HARD FIGHTING
MARKS RETREAT
OF VANQU SHED
SLAV RETREAT
FROM THE YALU
BECOMES ROUT
DISASTER DUE
TO ZASSULITCH'S
STUBBORNNESS
JAPANESE ARMY
LOSES HEAVILY
PURSUING SLAVS
JAPANESE DEAD
PILED IN HEAPS
INTRENCHES
Brown Men Charge Kepeat
edly With Bayonets Against
the Fortifications.
Iviirppatkin Sends a Graphic
Keport of the Battle of
- the Yalu.
Continued From Page 1, Cols. 4 and 5.
MIKADO'S VICTORIOUS FORCES HANG UPON THE FLANKS OF RETREATING MUSCOVITES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .. WEDNESDAY^ MAY 4. 1904.
Continued From Page 1, Cols. 6 and 7.
Japanese Squadron Attacks
Stronghold and Fight
ing" Continues.
Defenders of Port Arthur
Sink Foe's Fireships and
Torpedo-Boats.
ADMIRAL TOGO
AGAIN FAILS TO
BLOCK CHANNEL
2
ADVEBTISEilENTS.
Get the
The best and most beneficial of
'all habits, by taking Hood's Sar-
saparilla, the ideal spring medi-
'cine.
It overcomes spring lassitude
and languor and that tired feel-
ing, gives life and vigor to the
whole system, creates a good ap-
petite, makes the weak strong,
purifies the blood, cleanses it of
all humors and impurities.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Makes you feel better, look bet-
ter, eat better and sleep better.
Get only Hood's. I
ADViatTT3ETirF!NT3.
COOL GLASSES FOR COOL MIXTURES 1
EVERYTHING FOR THE COUNTRY NOW. J'iVk uiunl I
your more valuable Glassware with you— so we have arranged some II
dainty but inexpensive sets solely for summer use In your out-of- [f
T*i5^Kf o?Yu??r x Sr Ani * tlc * UT etch * d flona Awign * «e«n«« I J
for 3 M?° HADE TUMBM »— Etcied Ilk* eat on the r!*ht. Sat of 6 j]
valuT^Sc. 1 " VASEt clear, durable class, ilia cut, rood [j
SEE Qtra BUSH-STKEET WHTDQWB. ' [IPLATTSBURG, N. Y., May 3. — Al
lan Moon, who shot and killed two
women at Saranac Lake, New York,
November 4, 1902. was put to death in
the electric chair at Clinton Prison,
Dannemora. to-day.
IljiAZIL. AND PERU MAY
• . BE INVOLVED IX WAR
BROOKS CO2UET IS
AGAIX REVEALED
Dr. Brooks, the Discoverer, Makes Ob
servation of Movements of
Stranjjcr.
GENEVA. N. Y., May 3. — The
Brooks comet was observed by its dis
coverer, Dr. William M. Brooks, at
fc?mith observatory, last night after a
long interval of cloudy weather. Its
position was right ascension 16 hours
3 minutes 50 seconds; declination
north 52 degrees 59 minutes. The
comet is now on the northern border
of the constellation Hercules and
moving toward the- head of Draco,
the daily rate of motion being north
half a degree and west three minutes
forty-five seconds.
VIENNA, May 3.— Reports are cur
\ r-iit here that there were serious anti
i J"e«kish riots in the Bessarabian town
¦ of Bjeryler on April CO. It is stated that
the rioting began on Saturday forenoon
v.v-,f;fe^'the conercgatiens were in the
j-vnagog-ues.
* the/ mob smashed the windows of
¦ ltuis*^ in the Jewish quarter, entered
the houses and threw women and chil
. drrft'out of the windows. A girl was
'murdered in a most revolting manner,
the reports Bay. Cossacks were sent to
.restoTe order.
is said to have been due to
the reports Russian reverses in the
Far £a*t The reports lack official con
firmation.
Mob Assails the Inhabitants
-in' Their Homes and Bru
.tafi v Hurls the Women and
fhildren From Windows
Special Dispatch to The Call
LONDON. May 3.— A dispatch re
ceived to-day says the British force un
der Major Trcnchard. while operating
against the natives In Southern Ni
geria, had a severe battle in which the
British native troops lost four killed
and seven wounded. The enemy lost
200 killed and wounded. Six villages
were burned.
XTtACKED IX CHURCH
WHILE AT WORSHIP
Killed and Wounded Number
Two Hundred and Vic
tors Destroy Six Villages
Many. Injured and Much
Property Destroyed in Out
. .'break Against Jews in Bes
sarabian Town of Bender
ENEMY'S LOSS HEAVY
Major Trenclmrd's Column
Encounters Fierce Eesist
ance in Southern Nigeria
HEBREWS
VICTIMS OF
SLAV RIOT
BRITISH FORCE
F1CHTS NATIVES
DIMOND'S SPELLING IS TESTED
BY ATTORNEY FOR GOVERNMENT
Defendant in Fraud Case Adds to His Errors,
but Disappoints Lawyer Heney by Avoid
ing Mistakes of the Town Talk, Letter
RICH CATTLE RAISER '
; IS ACCUSED OF THEFT
MODESTO, May 3.— Fourteen head
of cattle from the Miller & Lux cattle
ranges near Los :'Banos have, been
found in the possession of Albert
Chaton.a wealthy cattle raiser of this
county. • Chaton was to-day placed
under arrest. He gave bonds in the
sum of $300Q. It is alleged that" the
brands were changed.
READY PURCHASERS
FOR NEW YORK BONDS
Comptroller Disposes of Issue of $37,
000,000 at Slight Advance Above
Premium. »
NEW YORK, May 3. — Bids were
opened to-day by Comptroller Grout
for $37,000,000 of city bonds at 3}& per
cent, $10,000,000 for ten years and the
balance for fifty, years. The issue was
over-subscribed about seven times.
Grout said that W. J. Seligman
& Co. and Edward Sweet & Co. prob
ably wil get the 510,000,000 at, 100.88
to i 0.1.53. Kldder, Peabody & Co.,
Baring, Magoun & Co. and Fiske &
Robinson, who bid jointly 100.7013 for
all or any part of the bonds, will prob
ably get about $25,000,000.
DENVER, May 3. — The Grand Jury
to-day returned forty indictments
against twenty-six persons,, alleging
election frauds. Among therpersons
named in the indictments and . the
charges against them are Julius
Aichele, County Cleric, receiving pad
ded registration rolls; Walter B.
Lowry, Supervisor, padding registra
tion: Charles W. Cochran, Alderman,
padding .registration; John D. Ross,
Alderman, padding registration. % Gus
Mappan and John Kendricks, j deputy
constables; W. A. Dolllsan, candidate
for Alderman on' the' Republican
ticket; John Hall, a ward worker, and
William Alton, now deceased, but for
merly a ward worker, are indicted for
alleged fraudulent work at the elec
tion of 1902. The latter indictments
were returned to prevent "' the statute
of limitation running against them.
* Aichele is a Democrat and Lowry,
Ross and Cochran are Republlcaris.
The latter is secretary of the Repub
lican State Central Committee and Is
a candidate for re-election jon the
Aldermanic ticket.'
Denver Investigating Body Makes
Charges Against Many for Al
leged Election Frauds.
GRAND JURY RETURNS
FORTY INDICTMENTS
New Leader for German Troops.
BERLIN, May 4. — Lieutenant Gen
eral von Trotha has been appointed
commander-in-chief of the forces in
German Southwest Africa.
BANK OFFICIALS ARE
SENTENCED TO PRISON
New Jersey Concern Are
Convicted.
Defaulting President and Secretary of
FREEHOLD. N. J., May 3.— A. C.
Twining, former president, and D. C.
Cornell, former treasurer of the de
funct Monmouth Trust Company of
Asbury Park, were to-day sentenced,
respectively, to six years and four
years in State prison. The men were
convicted of having presented false
minutes of the trust company to the
State Banking Department.
ous lines of the United Railroads. He
would riot give the exact number of
these, nor would he give any estimate
of the percentage of cars the company
expected to operate In the morning in
case its present employes voted to quit
their employment.
MAHON VISITS SCH3UTZ.
At union headquarters there was an
absolute calm until after the noon hour.
Several prominent members of the ex
ecutive committee, including President
Cornelius and Secretary Bowling, spent
the morning at headquarters. When
Mayor Schmitz had finished his confer
ence with President Holland he went to
his office and telephoned to Interna
tional President Mahon of the union
that he wished to see him. Mahon
went to the City Hall and was closeted
with the Mayor for more than an hour.
When he returned to headquarters he
said that there was nothing to make
public until he had received a prom
ised statement from the United Rail
roads. This was not delivered to Ma
hon until nearly 7 o'clock, but as he
knew Its general purport he went into
a consultation with the members of the
executive committee and "outlined to
them the result of Mayor Schmitz's ef
forts to prevent a strike.
' Mayor Schmitz said he was worn out
after his labors in conference. When
asked what the result had been he said:
• "The United Railroads is haggling
over one little point, but I still con
tinue to hope that a peaceable solution
of the pending difficulties may be had.
That is all I care 'to say at present."
MEN ABOARD SHIP.
The officials of the union'are In pos
session of information that 600 men re
cruited during the last few weeks by
the United Railroads are on board a
ship anchored somewhere in the bay.
The name of the ship and its location
they profess not to know. < The Infor
mation was gfVen them by a couple of
union men who accompanied a party
of thirty employed by the agents of
the company in Portland and who were
brought to this city. The men were
taken to the Vallejo street wharf* and
put in a launch. They were told that
there were 600 men already aboard a
ship in the bay and that there, were
accommodations for 1500, with plenty
of provisions. The union men left the
party at the wharf and reported their
findings to headquarters.
Some days ago it was officially given
out by the union that in the event the
men voted to strike every member of
the. organization In good standing
would, receive an_ allowance of $10 a
week as long as he was out of employ
ment. This assurance was Indorsed by
Mahon on behalf of the International
body.
Federal Commissioner Heacock held i
spelling and writing school again yes- j
terday, with Henry P. Dimond, one of;
the defendants in the land frauds case, j
as the star pupil. Dimond not only \
produced a dozen additional exemplars j
of his penmanship, but had an oppor- j
tunlty to show that he was a better j
speller than the writer of the anonym- ¦
ous letters. His errors in orthography, i
such as those reported exclusively in I
yesterday's Call, promise to become of •
vital moment, both in this preliminary j
hearing and in the trial of the alleged !
conspirators if they are held for trial.
The Government claims that of them- j
selves, without other evidence, the j
mistakes in spelling are sufficient to .
convict Dimond of the authorship of i
the anonymous epistles. On the other
hand, his counsel have declared their
willingness to rest the entire question
of his guilt or innocence under the In
dictment upon their ability to prove he
did not write the letters.
The >day opened with a move by
counsel for Dimond's codefendant and
former client, Fred A. Hyde. Schles
inger offered in evidence certified copies
of the deeds and other documents af
fecting Hyde's title to the lands cov
ered by the thirty-four counts of the
indictment.
DIMOND SHOWS THE STRAIN.
Then Dlmond was recalled by Heney
for further cross-examination and told
to take paper and write from dictation.
The Federal attorney read passage
after passage from one or another of
the anonymous letters, and the wit
ness, first with his right hand and then
with his left, now with a pen and now
with a pencil, wrote them down In
script or laboriously printed them out.
In capitals, as directed. It was a te
dious process and occupied nearly the
entire day, at the end of which Dl
mond declared himself exhausted" with
the long ordeal.
In obtaining so many examples of the
defendant's penmanship Heney admits
that he is preparing for the testimony
of handwriting experts upon the trial
of the case at Washington. He claims
that Dimond's writing when upon the
witness stand, although studiously dis
guised, will show many of the charac
teristics of pen printing used in the
anonymous letter sen± to the Secretary
of the Interior. Besides the handwrit
ing test, Dimond's mistakes in spelling
have been identical with those made
in that and the other anonymous com
munications. In addition to those al
ready reported in The Call he made
others yesterday. The anonymous
writer in advising the Secretary to in
vestigate certain of Hyde's Heu land
selections wrote XIIII instead of the
correct Roman numeral XIV, and
XVIIII instead of XIX. In writing
from Heney's dictation Dlmond com
mitted the same errors. One of the
anonymous typewritten letters to De
tective Burns contained the phrase,
".The picture man has squeeled." Dl
mond yesterday misspelled "squealed"
In the same way.
WHAT. HYDE THINKS.
On the other hand, a number of the
words misspelled in the Town Talk
letter were given him in the sentences
dictated by Heney, and the witness
wrote them correctly. , #
Heney offered in evidence a number
of Dimond's Washington docket slips,
on which were many printed words ad
mittedly from the defendant's pen or
pencil. In these letters O, R, D and S
are Invariably made with well-rounded
curves. In his pen printing in court
mond has insisted that he always
prints a block letter, and has stead
fastly adhered to that form In his ex
emplars, making the letters named
with square corners and no curves.
Then, too, he has been careful with his
E's and F's, closing all the "Joints." In
the docket slips, as Heney pointed out,
these letters are irregular, often open
at the joints, just as are the E's and
F's of the anonymous pen printed let
ter, to the Secretary.
The case will continue this morning.
SCENE AT LAND FRAUDS HEARING; ALSO EXAMPLES SHOWING DIFFER
ENCES BETWEEN DIMOND'S LETTERING IN COURT. AND THAT ON HIS
LEGAL PAPERS WITH LETTERS FROM UNSIGNED COMMUNICATION.
According to Mahon, the question
as to how long the agreement is to
run is still open. According to Cor
nelius the question has been settled
for one year. Mahon maintains that
the company presented its terms on
the ground that they were to be in
force for three years.
While the carmen who were off duty
were discussing the latest unofficial
conditions, their attention was attract
ed to the appearance of a young man
who insisted upon seeing President
Cornelius at once. When the guard
asked his business he stated he was
from the Electric Linemen's Union No.
151 and had an important message for
the president of the Carmen's Union
relative to a matter he had learned
during the night. He was admitted at
once to the executive room and tofd
his story. Within five minutes he re
turned to the lower floor and made
rapid time to the street without vouch
safing any statement of the object of
his visit or the nature of the message
he conveyed.
COMPANY'S \LAST OFFER.
One other matter the company con
ceded was a paragraph to be Inserted
as section No. 40, whereby the com
pany agrees to the provisions of the
agreement submitted by the union in
section No. 39, which provides that no
man shall be discharged for participa
tion in this controversy, up to the time
of the present trouble, nor will they
put any obstacles in the way of new
men joining the union. In the event
of any man beinj discharged for any
cause, except for peculation, he shall
have the right of hearing before the
employing officer, but men discharged
for "knocking down" do not have tfie
right. Should the union accept t\e
company's offer an agreement for three
years must be signed.
The next to the last sentence was
the last straw on the weight being car
ried by the executive committee and at
midnight a vote was taken by the
thirty-two members as to whether the
company's terms should be accepted
or not. The result showed four In
favor of accepting the term's of the
company and twenty-four against.
That action of the committee was
submitted to the meeting of the union
at the Alhambra. Theater at 2 o'clock,
at which time the vote was taken.
' CONFERENCE IS BARRED.
PREPARE FOR STRIKE.
It was apparent early in the day
that the conference between the com
pany officials and the .Mayor had been
practically barren of result. Minor
points had been talked over and meth
ods of settlement upon these were pro
posed that would have probably met
the views of the executive committee of
the union.
The rock uoon which President Hol
land of the United Railroads stood
firmly was the main contention in the
present issue — the right of the company
to hire and discharge its employes
without reference to the fact of wheth
er or not they belong to the union.
President Holland positively declined to
entertain any change in the stand of
the company on this proposition. He
said that the company was willing to
give full recognition to the union and
willing to treat > with its members
through their representatives on any
differences that migh^ arise between
them and their employer, but he could
not and would'not permit the organiza
tion to dictate to the company what
men it should employ.
Both sides were confident that the
intervention of* Mayor Schmitz would
alter the situation in no way, and both
continued their preparations . for the
promised struggle. All day and evening
the corridors of the _ eighth flooc of the
Rialto building were : filled with men
seeking employment from the United
Railroads in the event of a strike. For
the most part they were a well-looking
set of men and generally fairly dressed.
Those seeking employment were ad
mitted one by one into the room where
the examination, was being held. Most
of the day General Manager Chapman
personally supervised the ; hiring of the
new men: He stated that a consider
able number of skilled operators on
cars applied for work", with excellent
credentials and were assigned to vari-
PARIS, Mav 3.^-Having wound up
the details -of 'the big financial trans
action connected with the Panama
canal transfer, J. P. Morgan left Paris
to-day for Aix-les-Balns. Before his
departure he gave to tbe press the
main points of the final agreement, as
follows:
The Panama Canal Company wished
to have the money turned over in
Paris instead of in the United States,
and was willing to pay all the expenses
incident to the payment here. In or
der to accomplish this the United
States has appointed the Morgan Com
pany fiscal agents for the purpose of
the payment, the Morgan Company in
turn to make a contract with the
Panama Canal Company whereby the
$40,000,000 will be paid in Paris.
The contract specifies the Banque de
France as depository, and also the pro
portion of the payments, going to the
old and new Panama companies, re
spectively. The signing of this cono
tract closes the transaction, it only re
maining for the Morgan Company to
carry it out by making payments from
time to time to the Banque de France.
This will be done so as to cause no
disarrangement of the American or
French money markets.
The report that a syndicate of Paris
bankers is interested is incorrect.
Payments Will Be So Made
to French Bank as Not to
Disturb Money Markets
CONTRACT IS SIGNED
Concern of Which Morgan
Is Head Will Act as Agent
in Financial Transfer
PANAMA DEAL
IS CONCLUDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 4, 190*.
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
Carmen Vote Not to Strike
llrport* From Rio Janeiro Indicate
Tfijit Troops Have Been Sent
*• to the Frontier,
i RIO, JANEIRO, May 3.— It is ru
inored that orders have been issued for
UK .rcpbilization of Brazilian troops
**?id for the concentration of ail the
£.>rce-?. in the first military district at
Y"*ints"on the frontier, where Peruvian
t'rooprf are reported to have crossed
jr. to -Brazil.
Ij-Msqujeting incidents, it was an
nonnoBd from Rio Janeiro April 23,
v.\Ve rejxirted to have occurred on the
v^VsCfrtT frontier of Brazil, where the
P'erat^an troops, in spite of repeated
'i^rrrtinds. had refused to evacuate ter
ritory regarded as belonging to Brazil.
•Th* territory in dispute includes Jurua
:'.::<& I-rus valleys.
Victim of Steamboat Accident.
ST. LOUIS, May 3. — Philip Mangles,
aged 33. injured in the steamship ac
cidenj on Sunday, died to-day. D.
McDuresy of East St. Louis and E. H.
Howland of East St. Louis, victims of
the accident, are in a hospital, un
conscious from the effects of their
injuries.
Xc\v York Murderer Pays Death
Penalty in the Electric
' Chair.
SLAYER OF WOMEN" IS
SHOCKED TO DEATH
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAUSE 07 7AXAXBTO HAIB.
Dandruff, Which Is a Oerm Diseaio—
Kill the Oerm,
Falling hair is caused by dandruff,
which is a germ disease. The germ, in
burrowing into the root of the hair,
where it destroys the vitality of the hair,
causing the hair to fall out. digs up the
cuticle in little scales, called dandruff
or scurf. You can't stop the falling hair*
without curing the dandruff, and you
can't cure the dandruff without killing
the dandruff germ. "Destroy the cause,
you remove the effect." Newbro'a Herpi-
cide is the only hair preparation that
kills the dandruff germ. Herpicldc la
also a delightful hair dressing. Sold by
leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herpicldc Co.. Detroit.
Mich. ,
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children.
Ihe Kind You Haie Always Bought'
Bears the y^W Z/Stf'f-#~
Signature of C^><^7c^^^^f
¦
Schilling's Best m e a n s
tea . baicing-powder * pices
cotTee flavoring extracts soda
of good-enough quality at fail
prices.
. DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT. -
THOUSANDS HAVE ill
TROUBLE H DON'T KNOW IT
? s l % tli|7»i]iiii/j]j]I|--. 1^-^-^
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
will do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys ape responsible f op more sickness
and suffering than any other disease— therefore, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most*
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince anyone.
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment In tbe mine.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
bladdcr- remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
stands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble.
1 cures of the most distressing cases, skin eruptions from bad blood. neural-
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- gia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloatins?. if-
tcm right, and the best proof of this ritability, worn-out feelinsr. lack of am-
is a trial. bition. loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
63 cottaob st.; MET.ROSE. mass. or Bright's disease.
Dear Sir: Jan. 11th, 1904. jr vntlr wa ter when allowed to re-
"Ever since I was ta the army I had more \ J vour . wal , er \ wncn ulowc ° *° "^
or Us« kidney trouble, and within the past mam undisturbed in a class or bottle tor
year It became so severe and complicated that twenty-four hours, forms a sediment Of
! I tuftered everything and was much alarmed— " ,: t. 1 j _--..- ;»
i my strength and power vu fast leaving me. settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
! I nw an advortlsement of Swamp-Root and { s » v iden:e that your kidneys and
¦ wrote asking for advice. I began the us* of . . « . _ . :.___,j:_ < .,_ ,.».«»:««
I the medicine and noted a decided Improvement bladder ns=d immediate attention,
after taking Swamp-Root only a short time. Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
• M continued its use and am thankful to say t-v \r\\L.-- *u- ._;„,.(. Uirlnvw ¦.«,!
that 1 am entirely cured and strong, in order Dr - Kilmer, the eminent kidney and
to be very sure about this. I had a doctor ex- bladder specialist. Hospitals Use it
amlne «ome of my water to-day, and ha pro- ,.,:»t, ., tnr .A»r<n} ,,, PP «. in hnrh «1i<rrit
nounced It all rlKht and in splendid condition. wltn WOndertUl SUCCeSS in DOin SliJini
1 knew that your Swamp-Root is purely v?g- and severe cases. Doctors recommend
SrES TSank,1,ryorfor CO n^ 1 Son^rete bl r^, f v n - 1 it to their patients and use it in their
ery and recommending Swamp-Root to all auf- OWtl families, because tftey TeCOfHUZS
ferer.. I am." Very truly >££«• in Swamp-Root the greatest and most
successful remedy.
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Root, is for sale at drng stores the world
sent free by mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
you may test its virtues for such dis- prices— fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
to pass your water frequently nieht and dress Binghamton. N. Y., on every
day, smarting or irritation in passing, bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly,
curing even the most distressing cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
bles, that to prove its wonderful merits you may. have a sample bottle
• and a book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The .
book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men' and women cured. The value and success of
Swamp-Root is so well known that o-- readers are advised to send for a
sample bottle. In sending vour address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binzhanv
ton, N. Y., be sure to sav you read this generous offer in the San Fran-
cisco Daily Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
I of this offer.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
- 4M^ 13 (
Roos=Made Clothes Excel
¦ . in imparting that air of
Smartness and Distinction
which characterizes the
Well -Dressed Man
.' Single and Double-Breasted Sack Suits* in
solid Blues and Blacks; also in fancy
Cheviots, Worsteds, Homespuns. All-
. •: wool materials; finely tailored. . . #
$10.00 to $35.00
Covert Cloth Top Coats in new tan
. shades, handsome and exclusive styles.
$15 to $35
..<£ Out-of-town orders promptly filled.
RQOS BROS.
• KEARNYAT PO S T.BHADLEY YIELDS TO YERKES.
WASHINGTON, May 3.— The Sec
retary of the Interior has. set .aside,
provisionally, the sum of $1,000,000
for the construction of the Pathfinder
reservoir on North Platte River, in
Wyoming. The reservoir - will be of
sufficient capacity to supply all of the
land under it in Wyoming, but It is
considered , necessary to increase this
area! by "utili^ins water in Western
Nebraska, where there are large areas
of.arid and semi-arid country, to "which
water can probably be' brought.
Secretary of 'Interior Prepares for
Construction of Impounding Dam
In Wyoming. .
SETS ASIDE A MILLIOX
If-"-.* FOR GREAT RESERVOIR
SAN JOSE. M«y 3.— Henry Spyms. proprie
tor of a etall In the frw market In West Oak
llnd. was in San Jo*e to-day Reeking the aid
of ih» :*,l<rr- in lorallr.c hl« wife and daugh
ter, who left his home la«t Saturday after
noon. It is said that Mm. S'pymi- and her
(!iii| hter left hr>m* bvcaus« th« father object
ed to the acirl, who is 16 years of age, going
out In the evening when f=he pleased.
The delegation will vote as a unit on
all questions.
SACRAMENTO, May 3.— There was
very little interest shown in the prima
ries held here to-day, as only 602 votes
were cast throughout the city, 275 of
these being cast for the Republican
candidates. An opposition ticket ap
peared in the Democratic party and the
regulars cast 255 votes, while the inde
pendent Democrats cast 72 votes.
SAN DIEGO, May 3. — The Repub T
licans lA their primaries to-day chose
the following as delegates to the State
convention from this city (the Sev
enty-ninth Assembly District) : Eugene
Danry, W. H. Dodrldge, A. P. John
son Jr., E. E. Shaffer, L. B. Hakes, D.
C. Collier Jr., F. W. Barnes, L. Wright.
There was only one ticket in the field.
In the Democratic primaries there
were two tickets— one named by the
County Central Committee and the
other by the. Hearst Democrats. The
Hearst ticket was elected and is as
follows: Will H. Holcomb, T. J.
Dowell, Henry B. Mills, R. P. Guinan,
C. W. Holmquist, Frank G. Colwell,
Samuel Schiller. • These represent the
Seventy-ninth Assembly District . For
the Eighteenth Assembly District,
which embraces San Diego County out
side of this city, the Democratic Coun
ty Central Committee selected the fol
lowing delegates: Frank Salmons of
Pala, O. C. Noyes of National City, G.
H. P. Shaw of National City, J. A.
Verlaque of Ramona and M. N.IIoblit
of Oceanslde. These delegates. ..with
perhaps one .exception, are ..- anti-
Hearst. The Republican delegates from
the Eightieth Assembly ' District were
appointed several days ago and were
announced at that time.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 3.
The last university assembly of the
year will take place to-morrow morn
ing at 11:50 o'clock. The address will
be delivered by John McNaught.
Final Assembly at. Stanford.
ST. PAUL, May 3. — Robert A.
Smith, Democrat, was re-elected
Mayor to-day by a large plurality
over F. P. Wright, Republican.
Democratic Mayor in St. Paul.
HONOLULU, April 26.— Mrs. Peter
F. Cassin of 154 Bridge street, Watson
ville, Cal., has written to the Governor
inquiring for information ! regarding
John Cassin, who came here "some
years -fago with cattle for Claus
Spreckels. A letter that he wrote to
his relatives was* not received for a
year, evidently having miscarried. He
was once met by a man named Martin
Fennele, but his friends are anxious
to * learn of his whereabouts, as they
have much to communicate to him.
Another missing man whom Gov
ernor Carter is asked to find is James
Howells of Deryteg, near Centra ventin,
Breconshen, South Wale^ He is sup
posed to have come here in 1879 and
information as to hfs whereabouts is
wanted by his brother. William
Howells, who has been serving, in a
Welsh regiment In the* Boer .war in
South Africa.
Relatives Want to Learn Whereabouts
of Peter P. Cassia and James
Hdwells. V" -A
SEEKIXG IXFORMATIOX
ABOUT MISSIXG MEX
CHICAGO, May 3. — James Shea
broke a world's record for billiardists
to-night. In an amateur three-cush
ion tournament he made fifty points
in forty-nine innings. The previous
record was 50 points in 51 inning.
Shea's highest run was T, In the thir
teenth Inning.
Rllllardfct Breaks a Record.
BRIGHT FOR HEARST IX IOWA.
DES MOINES, May 3. — Indication.*
to-night are that the Iowa Democrats
will send a delegation to the St. Louis
convention Instructed for W. R. Hearst
for President. The opponents of
Hearst played their last card to-day
and- lost and unless the unexpected
happens the Hearst followers will con
trol to-morrow's convention.
Chairman Jackson of the State Cen
tral Committee, who had been counted
with the opposition, to-day came out
for Hearst.
Only White Delegates Will Go From
WILL BAR TILE XEGKOES.
Xew Orleans to Chicago.
NEW ORLEANS. May 3.— After a
long and hard struggle the leaders of
the lily white Republicans in caucus
to-day decided against the negroes
and it was agreed to send a solid white
delegation at large to the Chicago
convention, instructed for President
Roosevelt. The delegates chosen are
Pearl Wright, H. C. Warmoth, W. J.
Behan and L. F. Suthon. : .
NEW YORK, May 3. — Dr. W. K. Woodend
of Woodend & Co., the susp«nded stock broker
age firm, was arrested at his home in this city
to-day. -".^v -. :*
Drought in the South Atlantic and
East Gulf districts and over the south
ern Rocky Mountain region and West
ern Texas continues with severity. In
California and Oregon it was unseason
ably cool, with damaging frosts in Ore
gon, but in Washington the conditions
were generally favorable.
Wheat is now heading in Southern
Kansas. The crop has advanced favor
ably on the Pacific Coast, the outlook
being exceptionally fine in Washing
ton.
Good stands of spring wheat are re
ported from Washington and Oregon.
While most reports indicate that
peaches have been* extensively killed,
the outlook continues promising in sec
tions. Apples and dried fruits in the
'more southerly districts have suffered
less injury.
WASHINGTON, May 3.— The Weath
er Bureau's weekly summary of crop
conditions says:
The northern Rocky Mountain dis
trict and the States of the upper Mis
souri Valley have experienced- a week
of favorable temperatures.
Wheat Outlook Is Promising, but
Fruit Has Suffered in Many
Sections. v
COXDITIOX OF CROPS
IS GEXERALLY* FAIK
Washington— George C. Calentine,
assignor of three-fourths to J. C. Don
nelly, Tacoma, shoe sole and heel pro
tector; Frank P. Bell, Fairfleld, auto
matic cut-off in time of storm; Benja
min H. Bennetts and L. J. W. Jones,
Tacoma, slag car; William E. Fisher,
Seattle, wire mattress coiler; Nathan
iel B. Stone, Outlook, locking mechan
ism; John W. McCann, Republic, fold
able basin: George W. McLeod, Taco
ma, paring knife.
Oregon— Perry M. Wing, The Dalles,
pump; Frank Pflunger and E.' Chris
tianson, Portland, bunghole bushing;
James L. Lawrence, Cloverdale, sliding
gate; Bert C. Ball, Portland, cut-off
mechanism. . : <• '
WASHINGTON, May 3.—Postmas
ters commissioned: California— Nick
Solari, Indian Gulch; Minnie L. Balis,
Rose Lawn.
Patents granted: California — George
W. Arper, Oakland, steam generator
for hydro-carbon burners; Charles, G.
Blickle, San Francisco, biscuit, can;
Francis J. Bonnington, San Francisco,
concentrating and amalgamating ma
chine; Roger B. Friend, Oakland
and San Francisco, machine for
folding material; Frank H.
Gotsche, San Francisco, tent
James J, Griffin, San Francisco,
can soldering machine; Calvin G.
Hampton, Ryde, detachable link chain;
William Hanson, Calistoga, mechani
cal movement; Thomas J. Hubbell, Po
mona, plow; Francis Jackson, Oak
land, closet system and valve; James
T. Jorden, Los Angeles, cultivating im
plement; John H. Kohlmoos Jr., San
Francisco, transposing keyboard;
Thomas Mirk, San Francisco, gauge
glass protector: William E. Mitchell,
Stockton, vehicle wheel; Daniel G."
Morgan, Chinese, drill sharpener; Felix
Paduveri, San Francisco, auxiliary fire
indicator and protector for street car
registers; Lewis E. Porter, Los Angeles
and % Barstow, treating copper-bearing
ores with cyanide 'solutions; Calvin W.
and J. L. Reams, Suisun City, farm
gate; Aaron Sirnlnoff, Los Angeles,
wearing apparel; Edwin R. Waterman,
San Francisco, electro heater; Charles
S. Weber, San Jose, bridge and binder
for stringed musical instruments.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Washington Departments Commission
Two Postmasters and Grant
31any Patents.
Captain Walker has hitherto had
several controversies with officials in
Washington. He has been on the re
tired list for many years.
. At the War Department it was said
this afternoon that Captain Walker's
charges were "flighty"; that they in
no 'way reflected upon Colonel Mills'
character.
Captain Walker recites that he was
harshly treated by Colonel Mills
while visiting^ West Point. Colonel
Mills, to whom the charges were for
warded, has replied stating that he
considers his drastic treatment of
Captain Walker thoroughly merited
by the latter's conduct* toward a lady
at West Point.
WASHINGTON. May 3. — Charges
of "brutal and tyrannical conduct"
have been preferred, at the War De
partment against Colonel Albert L.
Mills, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point, by Captain John P. Walker,
United States army, retired, who lives
in Washington.
Retired Army Captain Files Charges
Asralnst the Superintendent of
West Point.
ACCUSES COLOXEL MILLS ,
OF TYRAXXICAL COXDUCT
The article in question was of a na
ture to create in the minds of those
who should be its readers the belief
that the Times is owned and con
trolled by August Belmont and that its
editorial influence has been and is em
ployed to serve the private and per
sonal and political interests of Mr.
Belmont. Similar action was brought
against the Chicago American, which
republished the article.
NEW YORK. May 3. — Papers were
served to-day In an action for libel
brought by the Times and Adolph S.
Ochs personally against William R.
Hearst and his newspapers and Ar
thur Brisbane as editor, because of
publication in the American and the
Evening Journal of April 7 of an ar
ticle which, it is charged, was in
tended to injure the reputation and
business of the Times.
Objects to Article Charging .That the
. Xewspaper's Editorial Columns
Are for Sale.
XEW YOHK TIMES SUES
HEAUST AXD BRISBAXE
INDIANAPOLIS, May 3. — The most
bitter fight in the history of Vander
burgh County between political fac
tions culminated to-day in the election
of two sets of delegates to the Demo
cratic State Convention— one set for
Parker and the other for Hearst — both
claiming regularity.
For several days the Parker people
have charged the Hearst crowd with
spending money to control the con
vention. When the convention met
both Hearst and Parker men put up
candidates for chairman and when the
Parker man was declared elected th*
Hearst faction asserted that their can
didate had the larger vote and both
candidates mounted the platform.
Each faction presented its slate of
delegates and each chairman declared
the one presented by his faction was
elected. Thus both conventions were
held in the same hall and at the same
hour, but the Parker delegates re
ceived the credentials and the Hearst
men will attend the convention as a
contesting delegation.
Hearst Men Will Contest Rlshts of
One Indiana Faction.
J TWO SETS OF DELEGATES.
• . ... .
WASHINGTON. May 3.— The plat
form to be adopted by, the R«?publican
National Convention has been among
the tonics discussed at the conferences
Which have taken place recently at the
>• White House, in committee rooms at the
CaVltol and at different residences
.•where a number of Republicans have
•'bten assembled. Senator Lodge, who
. is slated for chairman of the commit
tee on resolutions in the convention,
has prepared preliminary sketches of
various topics that he thinks should be
treated and has submitted them to
Senators and ethers for their approval
or suggestion as to amendment. It is
eipected that before the convention
meets a complete platform will be pre
~pai«^d, which will have the approval of
th.e President.
The principal feature of the platform
will be the tariff plank, which will de
- clare in the strongest terms the adher
ence of the Kepublican party to the i
I-'finciple of protection, but will not
bind the party not to revise the tariff. J
, It will say that the party is not com- j
•mitted to any schedule, but that!
jhanges ehouid be made only when j
(.hanged conditions of business or the {
•treasury render it necessary or ad
visable. Persons present at the recent j
conferences say it already has been i
agreed that the tariff will -be revised In j
: the. Fifty-ninth Congress If the Repub- j
licans crin in November.
IXDORSEMKXT PLAXK.
There is at present a determination j
to make the platform as brief as possi- j
"t$!e, consequently the indorsement of j
the administration and the acts of the i
party will be put into compact form, j
This indorsement will be a general ap- i
proval of the general action of the j
President and the Republicans.
The pl&r.k concerning trusts will, in
effect, declare that the laws for the J
regulation of monopolies and the re- j
etraint of conspiracy against commerce |
¦were enacted by the Republicans and j
that the enforcement of such laws has
'been only by a Republican administra
tion. It will also say that it is not the
policy or intention of the Republican
party to assail legitimate industry and
business or to infringe on the rights of
persons or property. Special attention
•uill be devoted to the phraseology of
Some difficulty has been experienced
in finding the proper wording for a
reciprocity suggestion. Nearly all the
Senators who have attended the recent
conferences have contributed their '
share toward keeping the reciprocity
treaties negotiated by the McKinley
closely confined in com
mfttee pigeonholes. Reciprocity ' has
B*.t been popular in Congress and it wa s
with a great effort that the Cuban
legislation was passed.
. WILL BE CAREFULLY WORDED.
Senator, Aldrich announced when the
Cuban bill was under consideration
that there would be no more tariff
legislation by treaty. If anything is
said about reciprocity it will be so
worded as to mean that reciprocity
, shall be confined to such articles as are
not in competition with products of the
States.
Mention of the financial question will
• consist of an allusion to the mainten
ance of the gold standard by the Re
publican party end a promise to con
tinue the finances of the country upon
ja. sound basis.
- Disfranchisement of the negroes in
Southern States will be denounced as
An encroachment on rights guaranteed
by the constitution.
The demand for restoration of the
merchant marine of the country will
be renewed, but it is not the intention
to indorse any specific plan-
There are several other suggestions
as to planks in the platform, but' the
desire to have fhe platform as brief
as possible may eliminate them from
consideration as unnecessary at this
.time.
"If the Republicans have a major
ity in the next House of Representa
tives, of which, in my opinion." h^
continued, "there is no reasonable
doubt. I will be a candidate to suc
ceed myself as Speaker. If, perchance,
however, the Republicans should not
have a majority in the next House I
will take my place on the floor and
give the best service in my power to
the minority. In my Judgment I can
do better service in my capacity as a
member of the House than I can do
elsewhere."
In an authorized interview with a - Post
reporter to-day, emphasizing his detp: -
mlnation with reference to the Vice
Presidency. As he concluded dictating
what he had to say the Speaker adder! :
"If there is any language which can
be more decisive write it in."
"What are your reasons for such a
statement?" he was asked.
"I have been for almost thirty years
a member of the national House of
Representatives. I may say my lif
work has been In connection with leg
islation in the House. I have been
nominated by the Republicans of th ¦
Congressional district In which I re
side and accepted the nomination. I
have every reason to hope I shall be
re-elected.
WASHINGTON. May 3.— "Even at
the risk of being accused of declining
that which I probably could not get if
I desired It. I answer most unequivocal
ly that if the nomination were tendered
to me I would not accept It under any
circumstances whatever."
Thus strongly said Speaker Cannon
EUREKA, May 3. — The Demo
cratic Central Committee of Hum
boldt County met to-day and se
lected the following delegates to the
State Convention: J. F. Coonan, P. W.
Matthews, J. C. Gamble, C. B. Kelly,
L. F. Puter, WHIard Wells, W. H. M.
Smith, H. L. Ford, A. R. Thorpe, B. D.
McDonald and Patrick Quinn. The del
egation was not instructed. It Is sup
posed to be opposed to Hearst. The
delegation was pledged to use Its ef
forts to have Thomas Bair elected '"as
delegate to the National Convention.
STOCKTON, May 3.— The Hearst
forces made a feeble attempt to defeat
the regular Democratic nominations
for delegates to the State convention
in the primary election to-day* but cast
only flfty-Bix votes for their highest
candidate against 133 for the lowest
candidate on the regular ticket. The
opposition was not encouraged by the
leading Democrats and no effort was
made to get out a big vote on their
side. The nine delegates from Stockton
are against Hearst and of the eight
delegates from the outside or Twenty
fourth Assembly District, he has five
delegates, which is his full strength
in a delegation of seventeen represent
ing the county. The total Democratic
vote In the city is 1S00 and the vote
brought out to-day was only 189.
There was no opposition to the Re
publican delegates' and the vote was
light.
DELEGATES IX HUMBOLDT.
FRESNO, May 3. — In the primaries
to-day for the choosing t»f delegates to
the Democratic State Convention the
Hearst nominees won 2 to 1 through
out the city.- The vote cast was fair
ly heavy for a primary. From the Six
tieth District Thomas E. Collins, J. H.
Hillman, G. W. Smith and Dante R.
Prince were elected; from the Sixty
first. Henry Brinkley, A. D. Giger, D.
S. Ewing and George W. Cartwright.
The men who were running on the
"uninstructed" ticket were E. D. Ed
wards. G. B. Graham, W. G. Bar
num and Charles McCardle from the
Sixtieth and W. H. McKenzie, W. D.
Crichton, M. K. Harris and M. C.
Williams from the Sixty-first.
There was but one ticket before the
Republicans and it was elected, as
follows: From the Sixtieth — George
Cosgrave, A. E. Snow, C. W. Chaun
cey; from the Sixty-first— S. L. Hogue,
A. M. Drew, Truman Hart and Frank
H. Short.
LOS ANGELES, May 3.— At the pri
mary election to-day, the first held here
under the new election law, there was
not a ripple of excitement, not a con
test in the Republican camp. The cau
cus nominees were chosen in every dis
trict and an extremely light vote was
polled.
What of excitement was lacking in
the Republican ranks was more than
made up by the Democrats. The Hearst
managers had been claiming a solid
delegation for Hearst to the Santa Crux
convention and they had the temerity
to^assert that certain prominent Demo
crats could not go as delegates because
they refused to support Hearst. Prom
inent among those placed under the
ban were Hon. I. B. Dockweiler, late
candidate for Lieutenant Governor, and
former Assemblyman Frank Finlayson.
Eddie Morris and Tom McCaffery were
also left out, but they refused to stay
lift out. •:
In every district a ticket in opposi
tion to the caucus tickets was put up
and all day the fight was waged. The
result was amazing to the Hearst peo
ple, for not an officer of the regular
Democratic County Committee was
elected. Dockweiler won out and, in
stead of sending a solid Hearst dele
gation to Santa Cruz, the Los Angeles
contingent will be divided about as fol
lows: For Hearst, 23; anti-Hearst. 11;
doubtful, 4. Dockweiler declares he
will from the floor of the convention
remind the Democrats of the State that
Hearst bolted the Lane ticket two
years ago and that he is now preparing
to bolt the coming national Democratic
ticket because his nomination is not
within the range of possibilities.
PRLMARIKS IX FRKSXO.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Beyond a ripple of excitement caused
by the appearance of an opposition
ticket to the regular Republican nom
inees as delegates to the State conven
tion from the Fiftieth Assembly Dis
trict, the State and Congressional
primaries in Alameda County to-day
were featureless.
The contest, though it hardly reach
ed the semblance of a fight. In the
Fiftieth district was won by the regu
lars by a vote in the proportion of
ten or twelve to one. The successful
ticket was composed of the following
named delegates:
W. Frank Pierce. G. R. Lukeni. John A.
Brltton, A. D. Smith. John W. Stetson. Fred
Hathaway, Guy C. Earl. C. E. Snook. A. H.
Breed. H. B. Mehrmann, C. H. Pearson. Ever
ett Brown.
On the defeated ticket were the fol
lowing names:
J. L. Milton, George Smith.. Ernest Osgood,
W.. H. Halsey. Hugh S. Aldrich. W. J. Keat
ing, Fred Kuhnle. W. J. Henderson, John Cad
man. C. F. Wagner, R. P. Bromley, James
Slngen. ,
In no other district in the county
did any opposition to the regular tick
ets of either party appear. The vote
was extremely light.
ALAMEDA, May 3.— The primary
election to-day was one* of the quietest
held in the history of the city. The vote
was very light and did not average
twenty to the precinct. There was no
opposition to the regular Republican
and Democratic tickets. The Republican
delegates elected to the State conven
tion are:
T. G. Danlell*. C. L. Tllden. J. B. Lank
tree C. L. Tisdale. P. S. Teller. W. H. L.
Hynes, J. A. Seebeck. A. R. Hamlln.
The Democratic delegates are: ,j.\
A. B. Tarpey. A. F. St. Sure, John CVBrien
and W. C. Donnelly.
The Republican delegates to the '¦
Third Congressional District conven
tion chosen are: » .
P. S. Teller. W. H. Noy. John Lubben. C. I*
Tisdale. John Larkln and J. S. Hanley.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 3.
Expectations of a Candidate
for the Presidency Suffer
Severely in Los Angeles
Little Interest Taken by
Electors Because of the
Absence of Any Contests
Believes He Can Best Serve
Party and Constituents
as 3Iember of House
Reciprocity Will Be Treated
;ind Gold Stand
' ard Unqualifiedly Indorsed
Thirty-fourth Assembly District — E. M. Rlt
ter. J. H. Belser, Fred Ritchie, A. H. Merrill
J. H. Soper. H. C. Langrehr
Thirty-fifth Assembly District— E. F. Tread
well, John D. Daly. E. R. Pease, R. H. Staf
ford, E. J. Lynch, John S. Partridge, J. W.
King. William Metzner.
Thirty-first Assembly District— John A. Hoey
G«orge W. Wlmmtr, George I. Raychester,
Michael Hynes. Charles F. Wolters.
Thirty-second Assembly District— P. J. Ma
honey. F. W. Zimmerman, William E. McNa
mara, Frank J. Kelly. William J. Carr.
Thirty-third Assembly District — L. A. Tay
lor. Peter Men jo. Thomas C. Towns. '
Twenty-eighth Assembly District— William J.
Harrington, H/Peterson, Walter Macauley C.
W. Merritt. J. J. Fanning.
Twenty-ninth, Assembly District— Leon Sam
uels, Daniel J. Crane. Harry Jacobs, J. Nagle
maker, E." F. Curran.
Thirtieth Assembly District— Fred Suhr, P.
M. O'Connor, F. E. Wallace. Isldor Erb Joseph
Bertram. J. J. Wilkinson.
The first election in May, as an ini
tial proceeding under section 13,73 of
the primary election law,..for the se
lection of delegates to a- national con
vention, was held in San Francisco
yesterday. The total number of votes
cast was 9370, of which the Republi
cans Rolled 6705 and the Democrats
2647. There were 11 votes for the Pro
hibition ticket and 7 scattering.
In the Thirty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict, where three Republican tickets
were in the field, the ticket of the Unit
ed Republican League, headed by R.
H. Countryman, won out, receiving 527
votes. The Citizens' Independent Re
publican ticket, headed by Wallace
Bradford, received 212 votes, and the
ticket headed by George W. Turner 160
votes.
There was a little contest in the
Democratic ranks of the Thirty-sixth,
District. The county committee ticket
won out by a narrow margin, securing
114 votes against 109 for the opposition.
The managers of Hearst's candidacy
deemed it advisable to offer no objec
tion to the delegates proposed by the
Democratic County Committee. The
feeling of indifference as to the out
come of the contest is signified by the
light Democratic vote.
Delegates to the Fourth Congres
sional District Republican Convention,
as well as delegates to the Republican
State Convention at Sacramento and
the Democratic State Convention at
Santa Cruz were chosen.
The following delegates to the Re
publican convention at Sacramento
were chosen:
Thirty-eighth Assembly District— D. .W. Bur
chard, Samuel H. Beckett, Myrtile Cerf, J. B.
Carwon. A. A. Freldlander Max Goldberg. Ira
B. Dalziel. John T. Nourse, W. H. Rlckard,
Miles W. Mclntosh.
ITilrty-ninth Assembly District — R. H.
Countryman, T. .E. Atkinson, E. R. Bryant,
J. B. Syfceg, Jolin F. Porter.
Fortieth Assembly District— ttenry Ach, Ma
rion D. Cohn, W. S. Wood Hamilton A.
Bauer, Charles G. Clinch. Thomas Morffew,
E. B. Read. Maurice L. Asher.
Forty-first Assembly District— John D.
Spreckels. George Stone. A. K. Daggett, Fred
erick Birdsall. David Rich, Philip Anspacher
Maxwell McNutt.
Forty-second Assembly District— George B.
Keane, Don R. Dunbar, Jesse D. Hannah,
John A. Clover. WlllUm T. Kebbler. William
A. McGultty. Hansom C. Van Fleet, Phineas
S. Barber, Thomas M. Gannon.
Forty-third Assembly District — Thomas A.
Riordan. George A. Knight. . Charles Sonntag.
Samuel H. Kcnh Philip J. Haskins, Walter
S. Brann. Norman H. Hurd, Charles Kauff
man. William W. Sanderson.
Forty-fourth Assembly District— T. H. Mor
ris, Theodore Lunstedt. J. W. Uoyce, James B.
Smith. W. N. Jackson, Charles Mitchell A.
Gra«5o. • Thomas J. Qulgley.
Forty-fifth Assembly District— A. Ruef,
Charles H. Sommerla, A. J. Gilbert, Campbell
Ford, E. M. Buckley, J. H. Nelson.
The delegates to the Democratic
convention at Santa Cruz elected yes
terday follow:
Twenty-eighth Assembly District— M. Brown,
M. Ryan M. Lally, E. F Lacy, T. F O'Brien.
A. Estllita. M. Heaney, John McCarthy, Jos
eph Monahan.
Twenty-ninth Assembly District— John J.
Sweeney, John Martin*. F. T. Barris. Frank
Shannon. Robert Gough, Thomas J. Horan,
George A. Lynch, J. W. Fitzgerald, John
Faulkner, James P. Lally, James F. Creegan,
Ben Selig.
Thirtieth Assembly District— Matthew Two
mey. Nick Morrisey, Florence Driseoll Oscar
Hocks, Emmet Tomalty. D. J. Oliver, P. Kil
kenny, Thomas W. HIckey, Edw. Toomey,
Edw. McKewen. J. J. Crooks, Charles Holcomb,
John F. Renault.
Thirty-first Assembly District— James Derby.
Thomas- F. Oavan. David Atkinson. Thomas
F. Barry, JoKn Hoard. James Sullivan. James
T. Mooney. Thomas Floyd. John T. Kane, Ma-
Bon K. Wilson, Frank Dougherty, Herman Zim
merman. ,
Tnirty-second Assembly District — James J.
Donovan, Mathew Fitzgerald. Daniel William
son. P. J. Finnegan. Peter A. Byrne, Joseph
Ward. Jeremiah Tvvomey. George F. Welch.
Joseph A. Kendrlck. Thomas Thornton, Daniel
Harrington.
Thirty-third Assembly District— L. J. Dolan.
L. Ferrari. Daniel Ward, M. J. Klernan. R.
Shepston, Joseph Powers, Joseph Fassler," M.
Fay.
Thirty-fourth Assembly District — Fenton
Courtney. H. D. Fanning, Edward 1. Coffey,
Charles Tallmadge. W. J. Siebert. Thomas J.
Kennedy. John E. Sullivan, J. Emmet Hayden
J. P. Fennell.
Thirty-fifth Assembly District— Frederick A.
Thirty-sixth Assembly District— Frank W.
Burnett, Charles H. J. Truman. Charles W.
Baker, H. N. Beatty. A. H. Menne. H. J.
Alexander, Frank M. Stevens.
Thlrty-»eventh Assembly District — George D.
Clark, John W. Rogers. William J. Young.
Henry Newburgh.. George E. Morse, > ; William
M. Abbott F. Boeckman. Fred Jones. J. L.
Rapheld. .
LIGHT TOTE IS POLLED
Forty - second Assembly District — R. V.
Whltlnp, Charles W. Meehan. Albert P.
Wheelan. Thomas P. Hyland. William W.
Ackerson, Joseph McXamara, Joseph Hasan,
Alexander Coleman, William H. Lowe, John
C. Quinlan.
Forty-third Assembly District— J. E. Scully.
Curtis Hllyer, L. • Mehrtens. George J. Heg-
Kcrty. Fred Franren, Bronte M. Alklns. J. R.
Prlng-le. John J. Gleason.
Forty- fourth Assembly District— George A.
Kelly. James C. Sims. Thomas J. Pinder,
John M Kltin William Pratt. George Spencer.
George Dahlbender, p. J. Walsh, Thomas
Chandler.
Forty- fifth Assembly District— W. J. de Mar
tini . Thomas Foley. George Seekamp, Thomas
Da vies Frederick C. Boden, David C. Ca
purro. Abraham B. Glassman. Mario Forno.
CONGRESSIONAL* DELEGATES.
: The following delegates were elected
i to the Fourth Congressional District
Republican Convention:
Frank Marlnio. R. P. Deinlngs. Peter John
son. L. A. Rea, W. F. Flt*gerald. Joseph
Barbetta. W. H. Rice. August Johnson. James
D. Shay. G. G. Hlllrnan, Fred Robrecht, Mar
tin R"aggett. Richard Adams. Charles Dumont,
John B. Reilly, A. A. Gnarlni, Julius Nathan.
Thomas K. McCarthy. D. J. Beban. Robert
M Rlfdon, Melville W. Hermann. Thomas J.
Morton. William K. White. George A. Me-
Gowan. E. G. Knapp. Henry Gibbons Jr.,
Frederick, Hauser, Edward X. Ayers. Jacob
Greenebaum, Robert A. Grier. P. M. Gopche
vitch. Herbert Galey. John C. Currier, H. O.
Heatty, Frederick H. Smithson Horace J.
Perazzl. Charles C. Hlggins. William Barton,
Charles L. Barsottl. Henry Ach. Gustav Hart
man George F. Mero. Charles H. Stanyan.
Aaidn H. Powers. Maurice L. Asher. San
ford Feigenbaum Charles E. Barling, William
Synion C. M. Erlcksen. Charles J. McDon
nell, James Higgins. Edward Early. T. M.
Wal«h. R. McCann, L. Claveloux. D. T. Her
ring. H. B. Engle. James F. Lawler. H. Levy.
L_ j. - CofTmann. Thomas J. Norton. Leon
Kamuels. Daniel J. Curran. Edward W.
Haughy, Walter Larsen, J. A. Barr* George
Cooney. M. M. Miller.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District— DonseJ
Stoney. Richard O'Connor. Edward C. Harri
son. J. Leo Park. P. J. Ryan. Edward A.
Kenny. Edward W Toomey
Fortieth Assembly District — Louis P. Sam
uels. Dr. Thomas F.- Shumate, A. F. Oost,
David Augustus White. William Denman, Syd
ney M. Van Wyck Jr.
Forty-first Assembly District — M. Griffin.
James W. Reilly. Peter P. McDonough, F. F.
Lyden. Stephen Potter. W. W. Sanderson, M.
T. Bowler, . »•
Thirty-seventh Assembly District— Charles
A. Swelgert. Frank H. Gould, Thomas F*.
Casey John Tracy J. L. A. Jannet. Huro K.
Asher, W. P. McLaushlln. H. E. F. Williams.
John E. nrannan. Thomas J. Walsh.
Thirty-eight Assembly District— William J.
Ahem. Joseph Byrne John M. McDonald. I.
L.. David. Frank Zacharias Philip Kennedy,
John W. Lewis, L. Dan^elewlcs. Martin
O'Brien R. R Wallace. •
Grazer, John .1. Moran Thomas E. Curran,
William A. Kelly. Frank B. Reilly, Frank
Lawlor, William M. Cannon. Teter Clifford,
William H. McCarthy.
Thirty-sixth Assembly District— T. M. Seary,
E. T. Russell. John P. Hare. E. J. Sullivan.
Isaac Levy, Peter Uecker, J. Murphy, Daniel
Callaffhan, Dr. F. T. Fitzgibbon, W. H. Wil
liams.
Republicans Cast More Than Two-Thirds of the Entire Vote — Regu
lars of Each Party Win in Every District.,
RESULT IX IXTERIOR
ONE PLANK OX TRUSTS
Conferees at White House
Outline the Principles on
Which Party Will Stand
Opposition to the .Republi
can Ticket Appears Only
in the Fiftieth District
Republican Primaries Con
ducted' Without Stress,
but Rivals Are Unsettled
Under No Circumstances
Will He Accept Nomina
tion for Vice President
—
SPEAKER GIVES KEASOX
MAKE TARIFF
MAIN FEATURE
DEMOCRATS HAVE
THE CONTESTS
REGULARS WIN
AT PRIMARIES
CANNON MAKES
FINAL ANSWER
THE first Presidential primary under the new election law of California was held in this city'yes
terday. Delegates were elected to the Republican State convention at Sacramento, May 18, and to
the Democratic State convention at Santa Cruz, May 10. Delegates to comprise a separate Republican
convention In the Fourth Congressional District were also chosen. The total vote cast was 9370, of
which 8705 were Republican and 2647 Democratic.
Delegntes to the Santa Cruz .convention elected yesterday were nominated by the Democratic Coun
ty Committee,* which registers the will of Gavin McXab. The delegates nre " not instructed for , or against
Hearst, but are free to act for what they deem the best interests of the Democratic party. It is known
that many of the delegates' are opposed to sending an instructed delegation from California to the St.
Louis convention. " :.*',*•
DELEGATES TO STATE CONVENTION CHOSEN BY DISTRICTS OF CITY.
REPUBLICAN LEADERS DRAFT PLATFORM FOR NATIONAL CONVENTION
THE SAN,: FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. , MAY 4, 1904.
SACRAMENTO, May 3.— Thomas Mc-
Greal and James Burke pleaded , guilty
this afternoon before > Judge Shields to
having garroted and " robbed George
Payne yesterday afternoon. ; McGreal
was "sentenced • to San tQueritln ; for
twenty years; and Burke to - Folsom- for
twenty-flve years.
Robbers Sentenced to Prison.
LOUISVILLE, May 3.— The threat
ened contest between former Governor
W. O. Bividley and Commissioner of
Internal Revenue John W. Yerkes for
the control of the 'Republican- State
convention and the State Central
Committee failed to materialize at the
convention to-day. In two speeches
which won him : ovations Bradley de
clared for harmony. He moved that
the rules and order of business be
suspended before the report of the
committee on credentials had been an
nounced and that Yerkes, the tempo
rary chairman, be unanimously de
clared . permanent chairman. The
same motion applied to the retention
of Samuel J. ; Roberts and young Alli
son as permanent secretaries. , The
motion was carried unanimously.
On- motion of Yerkes the rules were
suspended and Bradley, was unani
mously chosen as one of the four dele
gatef'to the national convention. The
other three" delegates are; Richard
Ernst, George W.^ Long and Dr. E. E.
Underwood of Frankfort, u 'negro.
4
ADVEETISEMENTS.
|||i|| Bock to '
Jlji Sound Health
fcirgggS Speedy convalescence, new
SjiJl^H strength and appetite fol-
Jl^tik *NHEUSER-Bl/St7/£
Y&^^^y^^^A The perfect malt-tonic and flesh-
I . Wt fiiif ' I k Antf ' builder. It is a pre-digested food, '
kJ^SrS^sS ' easily retained by the most dcU-
K.3®?^8SKS catcstomach - • ¦".¦;
E^S&g'vga Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
V '^¦'^SbBoffife'jy St> Loui *' Gre * test Sicht is the Anheuser-Busch Brewery.
See it while tttendinc the Fair.
AD VHBTISEMENTSL
I^^^^^p^^V. A MILLION HAF-^Y AMERICAN g
JB|fg~- CHILDREN are kept healthy with h
m$t™KPjArritn^ttoM^jL— words spoken by their mainas for H
' "^ V^*^E?k 'V^a CASCARETS to other maisas have lj
isR^^^lW Ay made CASCARETS successful until nj
¦Jmm *^ ¦ ¦^fc'iar tlie aale now l3 OVER A million 9
Xg&jgf .^-f *f " "V \»|^%k BOXES A MONTH. Wfc7 cio little jfj
ijjffiyur^Jk V^~**~ fi£S!^ a folks llke CASCARETS? Because II
V V*^ rant llttle tablet— taste 'ffood, do j-j
TsjaHf * -w S^^. 1 »^ cood— never grip nor gripe, but act S!
fll|gV^ijf§ j£Gr Str y3bT" lJ^JxJ\ gently, naturally, positively. Medl- tj
&3&M&J& clnethat a child dislikes wl«l not do I
/ ' 1 WsJItSr read y to take CASCARETS. THE 11
i ~~*^*&$m>e*^S>' 1^^ PERFECT HOME MEDICINE, ask |j
H --j***\ iOT tbeta and are kepi healthy al- K
§1 y^f^\ f t. °* childhood's ailments. Best for \
jg j l^ff^fc/^- -vA tbe Bowel9 - A11 drucglst3. 10c. 25c. w
y I 0lii38$T/'~7\\ 50c# Never sold ln bulk. Genuine E
H \^ SijjL \J tabIet stamped CCC. Sample and H
El . ¦, \ I V/ J booklet free. Address U
3 • • r A r^\\ I I STERLING REMEDY CO.. H
M "TAey make mm l^^v/ / Chicago or New York. »]
U /«•**•£••*." •¦^. t]
1^^^ ANDY CATHAPTT C $*\\1$$f^^\
I ANNUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES I
, Greatest in the World . cijSneak Tlileves at Work.
The police were notified yesterday
that a newly erected house at S423
Sacramento street had been entered on
Monday night and a quantity of tools
stolen. They belonged to George Wea
sel and C. C. Sayre. The room of M.
F. Fitch in the Van Ness Hotel. 1812
Market street, was entered on Monday
evening and two suits of clothes, an
ulster and a pair of shoes were stolen.
Entrance had been effected by means
of a false key.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that County Clerks must be paid
the legal fees before they can be com
pelled to make certified transcripts of
records and proceedings in Superior
Courts in cases where writs of review
or certiorari are granted. Thejaws do
not expressly provide that fees in such
cases must be paid, but the Supreme
Court holds .that proceedings of this
kind are like other civil suits in that
respect. The case was brought by the
I X L. Lime Company against " Clerk
H. Miller of Santa Cruz County.
Clerks Must Be Paid.
.The Supreme Court declared -yes
terday that the Board of Trustees and
Mayor Clark of Sacramento acted
legally in June,. 1900, when they con
tracted with A. J. Coffee for municipal
fire alarm and pq^ce telegraph sys
tems at a monthly rental of $690.
There were no available funds in the
city treasury at the. time and subse
quently the Trustees and the Mayor
decided to pay Coffee's claims from
the Fire and Police Department funds.
F. F. Doland, a taxpayer, brought
suit for an annulment of the contract
on the ground that the action of the
city officials in correcting their firs 1 *
agreement made the whole proceeding
illegal. The lower court decided in
favor of Doland, 'but the Supreme
Court reverses that; decision.
Supreme Court . Holds Sacramento's
Contract for Fire Alarm nnd Police
Telegraph Systems Is Valid.
The League of the Cross band gave
an excellent concert last night at
Golden Gate Hall under the direction
of Its leader. Ernest J. "Williams. The
band rendered several classical and
popular selections and the programme
was highly appreciated by the large
crowd that filled the hall.
After the concert a few well known
amateur entertainers appeared in
some of their various numbers and
were well received. The evening en
tertainment concluded with a dance.
The affair was given for the benefit of
the band fund and was voted a bis
success. Following is the programme:
March. "John Howard" (Rodman): overtur*.
"Mllltalre" (Foliehank); serenade. "I^rve in
Idleness" (Macbeth): intermezzo. "Ramona"
(Johnson): characteristic, "An Arkansas
Huskln' Bee" (Pryor); concert waltz. "Lan'l
of My Dreama" (Booth); two-step. "Uncle
Sammy" (Holzman); contralto «ol<\ Etta Da
vis: specialties. J. Magulre; song. Miss M.
Mangan; fancy dancing. Arnold Grazer; tenor
eolo. J. O'Brien.
Large Crowd Throngs Golden Gate
Hall and Enjoys Varied Pro
gramme and Dance.
ACTION OF MUNICIPAL
OFFICERS IS UPHELD
LEAGUE OF CROSS BAND
GIVES PLEASING CONCERT
ATLANTIC City, N. J., May 3.— The steam
ship Craigneuk, from Matanzas treported
ashore on South Brlgantliw Shoals),. was float
ed lo-nicht and left for I'hlludeluliia. '
The new route to Yosemite Valley es
tablished by the Santa Fe takes passen
gers directly through two groves of the
famous California' Big Trees without
side trip. It- is also the -short, quick
way. Yosemite is now open. Folders and
information at Santa Fe office, 641 Mar
ket street. , •
Yoseinite and the Big Trees.
,The bravery exhibited yesterday af
ternoon by Patrolman George D. Men
gola probably saved many school chil
dren from serious injury. The patrol
man succeeded in stopping a runaway
horse as the animal-dashed along
Franklin street, near the John Swett
Grammar School. Scores of school
children were passing and. had not the
officer checked, the frightened steed
many of- the little ones would surely
have been injured. He was badly in
jured wljile performing the brave act.
, The horse was hitched to a milk
wagon and took fright while its driver
was absent. The animal dashed along
McAllister street to Franklin, and in
its mad flight started another horse
running. Mengola gave chase and suc
ceeded in stopping the horse after
being j dragged . for almost , a block.
He was badly injured and was removed
to the home of ¦ Dr. T. J. Crowley in
the. vicinity and^ later to the Emer
gency . Hospital, where it was discov
ered'that his nose was torn away on
one ¦ side ; and he was < suffering from
internal injuries and a nervous shock,
which may prove, fatal.
BRAV13 PATROLMAN" INJURED
WHILE HALTING RUNAWAY
A' trip will be made to Berkeley,
Hay wards and Alameda and the visit
ing grocers will be shown everything
of interest about, Oakland.
They committee in charge of the
day's entertainment is made up of Ed
win Stearns (chairman), C. H. Taylor,
R. P. Bromley, J. S. Wixson, G. A.
Russell, H; D. Cushing, F. Sinclair, F.
M. Ferguson, Wilber Walker, H. G.
Williams! C. E. Miller, Ed Beardsley,
W. J. Hopkins and Ludwig Warnke.
OAKLAND, May 3. — The delegates
to the National Retail Grocers* Asso
ciation Will pay a visit to Oakland in
company with their families tp-mor
row. As soon as they arrive on this
side of the bay they will J>e received
by the Alameda County Retail Gro
cers' Association and will be the guests
of the latter organization during the
day.
tion to Visit Oakland With
Their Families.
Delegates to the National Organiza-
GROCERS' ASSOCIATION'
WILL BE ENTERTAINED
There was some confusion at the
Hall of Justice yesterday, the Judges
being undecided whether or not to
hold court. When the' case of Leon
Soeder, charged with the murder of
Joseph Blaise, his brother-in-law, was
called, It was suggested to the Judge
that a continuance till this morning
might be advisable, as it was under
stood the Mayor had proclaimed that
the day be observed as a legal holiday.
The Judge referred to the act pass
ed in 1901, which provides that when
a primary election is to be held the
governing body shall have the # power
to make the day a legal holiday. The
Judge instructed his bailiff to tele
phone to the clerk of the Board of
Supervisors and ' ask whether the
board had proclaimed a legal holiday,
but there was no answer. Both sides
agreed; to continue the case till this
morning to obviate any cause for dis
pute.
Judge Lawlor Impaneled a jury to
try the case of James Moody,' charged
with an assault to commit murder,
and then adjourned out of respect to
the memory of the late Judge Rix.
Judge Dunne went through his cal
endar continuing all cases. Judge Ca
banlsswas the only Police Judge *to
make his appearance, and he contin
ued the cases on his own and the
other Judges' calendars.
To Avoid Possible Complications
Judge Cook Decides Not to Pro
ceed with Soeder Trial.
PRIMARY ELECTION DAY
LEADS TO COXFCSIOX
The boat will leave Tiburon ferry for
Asti promptly at 8 o'clock and, the ex
rur'sion for Oakland will leave the main
entrance of the ferry station at 9 a. m.
' During the evening music was fur
nished by Bennett's band and upon
several occasions the Knickerbocker
quartet sang popular songs.
To-day Is to be the great day of
rest. Jhat is, It is to be rest for the
Officers of the organization, as no busi
ness is to be transacted, but two ex
cursions are to- be enjoyed. -,
The one considered the most Impor
tant is the trip to Asti as the guests of
the Northwestern Railroad and the
Italian-Swiss Colony. Only delegates
from the East and the local committee
are expected to participate In that
excursion. Up to 11 o'clock last night,
350 tickets had been issued for the trip.
The second choice is the extensive
trip to Alameda County, in which the
local organizations affiliated with the
grocers' association will participate.
Both excursions will be back in the
city by 5 o'clock, allowing ample time
for preparing for the theater party at
the Chutes.
to drop into the grocers' information
booth, where claret punch and lemon
ade were as free as water.
New York's regular representative
was not present, but William Gray was.
He said he didn't know why the regu
lar president was not present but he
was here like the crow, be-"caws." In
brief he told that New York was pro
hibited from admitting any one in its
organization who was not in the gro
cery business. All members of the bus
ine?s organizations were admitted to
membership to the State organization,
and in turn delegates would be sent to
the National Association. "I favor this
plan," he said, "but the plan is not ripe
yet with such cities as Brooklyn and
Xew York, for the grocer Is the de
spised creature in the commercial world
— he is isolated. The grocers of the
country have kept out of politics. The
grocers in our city have seri
ously opposed department stores
and won out on politics. Our organiza
tion secured a garnishment law to raise
the garnishment from 10 per cent on
$12 a week to $20 a week. This fact
was the climax of the work of the New
York Association.
W. F. McAllister, secretary of the
San Antonio (Texas) association, ' de
livered his annual address, pro
grammed for the afternoon. Instead of
reporting for the State of Texas. He
invited the delegates to take lessons
from the actions of Texas.
Ignoring the regularly laid out pro-
H. Corinth of Iowa excused the ab
sence cf A. M. Hough, presidents the
association, and, as there had been a
misunderstanding regarding the date
of meeting of the convention, he had
no report to make beyond progress.
F.-G. Herald, who was referred to as
the smallest man in the convention, as
he only weighs 2S0 pounds and is closa
to six feet in height, was appointed
rergeant-at-arms.
Illinois, the oldest organized State in
the union, was talked about by C. H.
Tebbetts. Illinois was the birthplace of
the national organization and that
State has a pardonable pride in the Re
tail Grocers' .Association.
An Invitation was extended by the
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce to
the delegates of the convention to re
ceive the warm hand of Southern Cali
fornia.
At the afternoon session W. E. Sulli
van of Missouri gave tho report from
his State and said that the merchants
that take the tip from the merchants
of San Francisco, as the merchants of
Missouri have*, would be successful.
Committee meetings delayed a num
ber of delegates who were ready to re
spond with their reports. Wisconsin
was tho next State to be called upon.
Mr. Schwab, representing that State,
said every effort had been made in the
Badger State to see that the retail mer
chants should receive recognition of
their richtF in the line of Justice. The
association has succeeded in driving
from the State trading: stamps and in
organizing sixteen retail associations.
GRAY FOR NEW YORK.
IOWA HEARD FROM.
largest merchants are harder to edu
cate than a 16-year-old child.
Joseph H. Stultz. president of the
California Ketail and Merchants' As
sociation, gave a detailed history of
the retail associations of California.
This ijtate has the oldest retail asso
ciation'in the Union. The laws which
the retailers have succeeded in having
passed by the California Legislature
were referred to to show what other
States might do. It is the intention of
the California associations to endeavor
to secure the passage of the Illinois
law which makes the husband and wife
jointly liable for the necessities of life.
The future looks bright for California.
TV. J. Galllgan of Loveland, Colo.,
president of the Retail Merchants' As
sociation of Colorado, reported for his
State by saying there was unity of ac
tion In Colorado. The greater portion
of his address was more of an essay on
the ethics of associations than a report
of conditions in his State. Toward the
close of his remarks the work done by
the association in securing the passage
of laws was recited. At the end of the
fourth year of the State organization
it can be said that the utmost success
has been accomplished.
The South Carolina and Georgia del
egates arrived at that time and were
greeted with applause.
E. R. Moore of Indiana, representing
President Fred Meyer, who could not
attend, delivered a verbal report and
cited the fact that a year ago the In
diana association was downcast, but
this year It has money in the treasury,
and that is practically due to the ef
forts of National Secretary Fred Mason.
Though Indiana is only represented by
three delegates in the convention, she
is full of enthusiasm. The present can
didate for Governor on the Republican
ticket was named by the Retail Mer
chants' Association.
¦ '.With all the mirth and Jollification
'encountered by the delegates to the
yaiUnfl Ketail Grocers* Convention
•jjp*Moo-«y and tne n5 ? nt fr>H° w > n S.
nVarlV all" the delegates were on hand
yeste/da-y morning to carry out the
" {"'rosiyiranie outlined for the day.
As 'preliminaries of the day's pro
?*edir.g« delegates certified to the fact
By their ''tie-natures that they wished
to > a"rt'sn'3 the excursion across the bay,
•w*hich was passed out to them in an
envelope bearing: the following Instruc
tions'. - .
r*.tf«tr;tbc bad** and use the Inclosed ticket
.vV-Kcrrow -eji3 you will be Insured more gen
uine fc:e»sure thaja you can crowd into any
" cft^er* Kizs'i* £e.y. A committee will meet you
*«;'the* Ferry depot «.nd accompany you on the
Arip. * Brir.f your wife or sweetheart with you.
TVheji. >" ou ' return you will want to leave your
" fetfppy'herne Sor * -—
OAKLAND,
' " .. . EERK£LET\\
• . • '. - - AUKTDA.
• iT^e Invitation of the Italian-Swiss
Colony at Asti had no heraid beyond
?fae announcement from the chairman's j
"desjt and -the agent in the corridor who j
• wes-j-eady to issue transportation to j
.-those- thaf were accredited delegates. :
• A friendly rivalry was apparent be- i
t"«vfcen the two offers for an outing, and J
- the. fln&l result proved a division of the j
'.. feelinVmanife sted by the delegates and j
thslr' families.
•One- thing which seemed to interest
• ihe delegates greatly was the banquet
to be* served in the art gallery of Me- ;
Pavilion to-morrow night.
' J?Caine after name was signed and on
• jiuihefous occasions the words "and
•; «vi"fe'" or "and family l-S-3" were af- •
..fixed. t« the signatures by delegates'
from the north, "a.nd lady" by those
•that -Jiave iheir homes in the sunny
••ECJKth.
\^hen Vice President Farlinger
• gapped the convention to order and the
Qelegates settled down to business nei
" .th*»r Kp nor they had any idea what
rv»£ fn store, but with the equanimity
•of jneh accustomed to conditions and
-circumstances (which are one and the
famO the announcement was made by
T-. H. Corcoran that a separate ban
"qyet would be served to the ladies at
¦ she'-, same hour the gentlemen were
. Supposed to gather and clink their
,jf$tSt9Mj$ Not a murmur of protest was
rcHsc-JL. and the--f)rogramme of the en
.••i^rtamment committee will be carried
: . .LADIES BANQUET ALONE.
..At ?:30 o'clock the ladies are to as
jFfnjble. in the balcony of Mechanics'
• .Pavilion and there enjoy themselves to
-,"tfc«^r heart's content. They will have a
„ menu served to them which will tempt
the* most dainty appetite. The ladies
•there., assembled will have the distinc
tion": of attending the first banquet,
. piven' by" a national organization com
•poC^d- of men, ever held in the city of
, Sa*i Fraccisco.
, Each mother that sits at that board
. 6nd every bride that may partake of
the hospitality of California at that
- t^ble-. will know that her son or
ttridegroom- is within hailing distance.
!i»(n the fwho have the
tJ*otertin?r guidance of chaperons) may
know that they are not far distant
•from their choice. Such is the arrange
.ment of the managing committee on
'entertainment, and that committee has
worked hard to give the delegates the
best of the land.
As a regular order of business the
. mornrng session was called to order
: by Vic* President Farlinger. who apked
for the reports of States through their
. j're^Ld-ents.
• AJabama was represented by TV. B.
r^torrriJn of Birmingham, who reported
his State a? active In Its work for the
advancement of retail merchants' asso
dattrms.^and that they were meeting
\vltrj "best of success. As a whole, the
-members of the associations In his
•State "are opposed to trading stamps
end class that method of doing busi
."fcr-ss as an evil.
The report of the committee on rules
an<3 o'rder of business was read by E.
" G.' Ashley of Ohio. The report was
adapted as read, but the convention
'orerlooked. the safety valve of "the
• previous question." which was Inad
vertently omitted from the report, and
as a consequence debate can be pro
lr>jrsr><l indefinitely.
" * The auditing committee reported
;_tfisrt tfci<» books and accounts were
• founiT jo "be in excellent condition and
thv nfflcers worthy of commendation.
¦¦ \ ' CALL FOR STATES.
._ Arkansas was called upon for Its
report. C. J. Kramer, president of
">he State organization, said the retail
oiV;of Arkansas had been at a stand
' FVili. " 'So, far as organization is con
. cernetl.- for several months, but the
ou'fl&ok for advancement was very
gratifying. Yet it is a fact that the
Future Work Is Outlined for Convention — Arrangements
.; Completed for Banquet, and Ladies Will Have Separate
S\' Hall to Enjoy Feast at Same Time Delegates Dine
Thousands of people strolled through
the aisles of, the lower floor of the pa
vilion and accepted all characters of
samples and many of them made -the
rounds of the show sufficiently short
SIGHTS AND EXCURSIONS.
A. R. Farlinger of Atlanta, Ga., vice
president of the national association
antl the man who is In line for the
presidency of the organization, was de
layed on Monday and did not have an
opportunity to deliver his address on
pure food as per programme. Yester
day he was assigned that duty by
President Lott and delivered a lengthy
report and essay ¦ oh the subject of
pure food in the United States, which
will be read by health officers through
out the land with Interest. His. paper
covered every feature of pure food,
from the needs of such articles to the
ultimate results of legislation.
By the time Mr. Farlinger had con
cluded the delegates were anxious to
prepare for the night's enjoyment at
the pure food show.
A rising vote of thanks was given the
delegate from Australia for his ad
dress. "P\ "¦'¦'¦¦
Mr. Tyler was ready to answer ques
tions along the line of insurance. Iowa
wanted to know how he secured forty
merchants in North Dakota in the
Legislature, the speaker having claimed
that number. He replied by saying it
was an accident, but he hoped in the
future to have that number there.
Tyler explained the difference be
tween the contingent liability and that
of the old-line companies, and the re
sult was that a delegate from Wiscon
sin, who was evidently an old-line man,
took exception and went into the tech
nical details of the results.
Organization in New South Wales
was explained by George Nesbitt of
Sydney, who has been identified with
organization pf New South Wales.
The greatest trouble among the country
merchants has been from the traveling
salesmen. This has brought about dif
ficulties between the wholesaler and re
tailer. "We have seventy towns rep
resented in New South Wales. We also
have what you term your national
association. A clause is embodied in
the laws to prevent Chinese from en
tering into mercantile pursuits. We
are for the protection of the rural mer
chants in every respect. We own our
own railways and have curtailed the
parcel post, which is detrimental to
the merchant. Chinese Invasion Is op
posed in New South Wales. The retail
merchant is a politician, but he fails
to act. The laboring man in Australia
actually votes against his own con
science."
E. Ai Tyler of Fargo, N. D., spoke on
the subject of insurance, which In
volved the merchant who was under
that protection. He gave figures to
show why the merchants should be on
the inside of the companies that car
ried the risks. Statistics upon statistics
followed statistics as only, insurance
men can outline them. Political graft
cuts considerable figure, according to
the speaker's idea, in all insurance un
less the question is controlled. Mutual
fire insurance would never accomplish
the good it does unless there be central
organization and eventually national.
Such an organization was completed
in March of this year.
During Mr. Tyler's address, which
was not limited to time, the delegates
dwindled to sixty-seven members. As
only twenty-five are required to con
duct business a quorum was present.
IXSIJIIAXCE LESSONS.
Vice President Lux of Minnesota re
ported in behalf of his State, in the
absence of Simon Clark, the regular
president, and quoted poetry to the
extent of "Auld Lang Syne." The
speaker took the position that Abe
Lincoln took the wrong ground when
he left his work unfinished, as " he
failed to enact a national law abolish
ing the corner grocer, who keeps open
eighteen hours a day, gives indiscrim
inate credit, sells goods at cost and
works with greater vim for the dear
public than he does for his own fam
ily. 'Born a man, died a grocer' Is
the epitaph which' was placed upon
the grave stone of a deceased grocer,
who had lived seventy years without
a holiday, who had never ridden on a
railroad train, who worked every Sun
day as hard and faithfully as on Sat
urday, who smelt tea, coffee and spices
in the very air he breathed and who,
if he ever attended church, sat In his
pew soliloauizlnjr as to whether St.
Peter used sugar in his tea or what
his chances would bo to sell his gro
ceries In the great beyond."
John A. Green, representing Ohio,
took the ground that the garnishment
law had placed in the pockets of the
retail grocers the sum of $12,000.
"If"" one organization can do this,
what can the total organizations do
in the matter of collections? If mer
chants in organizations can do this,
what will be the result of united ef
forts of a national organization work
ing In harmonv?" The national or
ganization is no longer'an experiment.
Two weeks arro Ohio passed a law
recognizing trading stamps, redeem
able in cash or equivalent.
F. M. Spain, as the organizer of
the State of Washington, was called
to the platform as the representative
of "Washington. He was authorized to
say Washington would pay its per
capita tax for the National Associa
tion. And "I am further authorized to
say that while our organization is but
four years old it has placed upon the
statute books a pure food law. Wash
ington has done more for the National
Association than any other State."
The convention applauded his re
marks.
gramme, the chair took a catch-as
catch-can order and galled upon Sol
Westerfleld of Chicago. The speaker
took the ground that the trading stamp
evil had been encountered by the peo
ple of Chicago. Bv united effort it
was agreed among the members of
the larrest firms that trading stamps
should be sent to the basement and
used as fuel, and that the only proper
way to gain public opinion is to ap
peal to the public and put down the
trading stamp scheme.
WASHINGTON IX LINK.
SECOND DAY OF GROCERS MEETING
BRINGS OUT IMPORTANT REPORTS
THE \ SAN FRANCISCO, CALL', WEDNESDAY, MAY 4, 1904.
5
J^i ADVZBTISEHLENTaL ,
is her nature to love
pure. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother innst
pass, however, is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger,
that the very thought of it fills her 1 with apprehension and horror.
There is nonnecessity for the reproduction of life to be" either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed -without any danger/ Thia
great and wonderful V'~ '
of women through m^m aa ¦
the trying crisis without suffering. fflF** or**** jo x3**± n^ /sxM
Send for ttm book eontalnlnf information J» Bf^*' El R&JEa &?¥& JMffif
•f prtcelees Taluc to all expectan; mothers. jgl B* M HyW ff Mf wlLMa
Tkf Bradfleld Rognlaitr Co, Atlantt. 6a. _
THE BMPOJIIUM. | THE EMPPBIUM^___^l : .^^^jm^-EimjajJVL^ | THE EMP0BI ? 3g
Rich Pickings for To-Dsty's Shoppers
: Silk and Dress Goods Sales Sample Silk Coats Half
I That Mean Big Savings and a Third Off Regular
£ You can buy an all-wool dress pattern to-day at 39c the yard. J&&£ls&i SZ&MS^S To '^y another one of the series of
I You can buy $1.00 silks, for shirt waist suits, to-day at . . 59c ?j8$& :J W&&! remarkable offerings which » h»
• All-wool Albatross 33c-The great value offered you in this handsome W 5 ? 7?*W .this the busisst season vve have known
. aii-wooi AiDaiross, o»c lM 8 rMlY . , ' ¦ > £;£v- ££ *»T. m >J VL^j in our immense suit and cloak depart-
fabnc at 39; the yard cannot be made too emphatic. The price we paid JS-Pi^ t
I the manufacturers entailed a heavy loss on their part, for it was made to f $WW\ */f[\^>
) sell at 65c It is 38 inches wide, the all-wool crinkly thread albatross, A^^^A^^lA^K A . Travcl « r>s Model Eton5 ' filoi^ S a ° d
i in all the leading co ors, and in material very desirable at this season of WM\MfrW Ha " LeD3th Garmcnt5 ', in TaIIcIaS T Pca , U , dC
I the year. To-day and balance of week, while quantity lasts, F lW'WL iMPPF W S ° ! " ?** J° n 2 c «T N ° V™ sty }™ aI ' k !»
! vours pervard ; - . «»*7*? /\»L^?MfcwfeV // therefore description is impossible. Suf-
ana 51.25 qu* uy.in b.ack.navy, green, b.ue, red, etc.; specially ifjrt-* (¦ J[ •- - '^WMi PrflF' \ f,,]\ w^wil1
oriced ior to-dav and ba'ance of week, if quantity lasts, yard . . o»irc*T wi 1$ k IUIJ ; we ; 1115e "' **„/,
i 85c and $1.00 Silks, SflC- Extra quality taffetas, in fancy shades; dainty jM ¦' I Ji». 5 oCoau $7.3O
\ striped pongees, tor shirt waist suits; exceptional quiiity satin foulards in <M >l-li_ p^ ""ft 115.00 Coats $10.00
\ the leading^ro'orings Sor summer— tan, blue, navy, green, etc., with the f |\ 5"' 5 o Sl» $17*50
} "nobbe" effect running throughout; alt marked a: one uniform JKQg* '• \ $\l'.ll c«a ! ! *.* ." .V.* .' S2O.OO
i price to-day and ba'ance of week, if quami y lasts y ard . %***** /y//sA Wa J Mnff Suifs $f7.5O, $22.73
) Remnants OnC m %MUai*tCl m Ofi j : xi tca y tzn ,i nce the Eastern markets knew such a dull reason* Weather condition*
To-day and ba'ance of week a choice and very large collection of were to blamt. Miken were glad to i:ll their stock tt • sacrifice. We hare boujht liberally
[ silk and dress goods remnants-the accumulation of short end, from .$17.50
) our early spring business (miny pieces large enough for separate skirts and Mix'art Eton Suits- Prettily trimmed; $30.00 values $22,75
>. children's dresses) — all kinds, colors, etc.,' at one-quarter off regular Silk Shirt Waist Suits— Prettiest model in town; corns in ihepherf plaids, checks, changeable
»* k j • and figured taffeUi. Compare them with the $30.00 suits elsewhere; oar price. .$25»OO
! WOO Pillow Tops I Sale Wash Fabrics- I B^J^^ ie S fs P a P t y
\ Worth 5Oc, at 33c , 25c Zephyrs lie 5c, 8c or 1Oc each
\ , T °' d h y "'d'hT ° f WC u k ' tL^ndwlT Our buyer made a clean-up purchase from one of A thousand dozen, 2 oo styel.-where ei.e
last, a thousand handsome p.How tops and backs. P f .^ f gQch and 8u , h froir i which to
Beautiful Floral Designs , cerized zephyrs _ each case different in style— idect— daintily embroidered handkerchiefs, plain
\ Fascinating Conventional Designs some plain with fancy borders, others woven fig- hemstitched, scalloped edges, lace edgei. em.
i Onaint Dutch Smoker Designs. ures, others fancy scroll designs. The quantity broidered corners with insertion, etc., etc. In
? V: Pobular College Designs Is large even for us. so to quickly dispose of them collection are handkerchiefs that can be wed
f All mad™ the best «,«4 of art|eni| «h= the economic buyer can have her choice of the en- gt^agSSE^SfiSSSaS
i cushion tops that always sell for *%*%-* tire lot, beginning this morning and during f]g% to-day and Thursday's sale prices:
: 50c or more, specially reduced to &&C balance of week, while quantity lasts, yard * m% " 5 Cf So, We
> : NIHIinerv Renriced Silverware Sale Furniture 20% Off
; Kiiiiiiiwij mn^gsm «vw T^ quality quadruple-plated goods, made by the Meriden O—^*«r-«# O*»#«*«i. f* ~» —*+*-, 4 *~
t Even- trimmed hat that was f8. S o to J 3S .oo, now Br ; tann ; a Co ., manu Lturer, of Roger B^. "iS^" ware. SpCCial SalCS U3rpetS
j rad.cally reduced for immedute sale. gftflg w ¥hskt j $1m5 Q , o Tea Set , \ : $14.35 Choice of any piece cf furniture in the store at 10 per
1 Walking and Dress Hats that wire $8. 50, 4*g*Og- J2.75 Tea Caddies ... $1,38 $3-5<> Spoon Holders . $1,67 cent off our regu'ar prices, which thos: who have compared
K $10.00, S12.50 and $15. 00, now .. *OiO3 j Chocolate Pots . .$2.95 65c Napkin Rings ... .33C them will asiure yjn are 1 5 to 20 y;r cent leis than «da-
{ Dressy H xts that were formerly $10.50, 4»a f%fS f 2.00 Puff Boxes. . . . . 95c fio.oo Candelabra . .$5,15 sive furniture stores charge for the sam: quahtie?. If you
£ 5,12.50,^14 ooandup to Jzo.oo, now &€fm€9%9 75c Butter Plat:* 25O $40.00 Water Sets . $21,50 are contemplating furn : shing a room cr a home, Investl-
t Dresj Hats, turbans.street hats, foliage hats, g+g- < 4 . oo Fruit Dshes . ..$2.85 S4. 1 5 Fish Sets . . . $2,8O ate -
, etc., that were up to j;=. 5 o, now . . 9'VfO«i |; oo Mustard Pots . . , $1.17 *4-5° Butter Dishes . .$2,25 60c Linoleum this week, square yard. . 4/0
\ P Ts\ZTZi2\7< n A X i?lir $15.00 ?4°o Sugar B^wis. $1,95 **.. S Ov« t r Ladle, .. $1,40 80c Tapestry Brussels, this week . 68c
S ' ' And many, many other articles. . $2.00 BlielOW Axminsters. a yard . .$1.65
I 5 Oc Stationery 25c - These Summer Oxfords rMIMO/l f» /if .#,.-^ o *9~ —
} 5000 boxes of Hurd's high-grade writing paper #?<? tfO CZf% onrf (9 OS FramCI! nCWUret* &4SU
f and envelopes either linen lawn, satin or WiOOf 9*'OU BIHI 9*.V3 Tl,ey would be a b> 5 value at 7 5c-ThMe pretry sitrins-
\ .. c • l j il u t j- i >c"v •» y^ /^. - *oom, dining-room or hall p ctures; beautiful color
i hncn fini«h;d paper, m all the .eading co.ors, /^^ A /^^ B /£?fe^ **** of land ' ca Pf»» *S™<!, animals, fruits and marine
k J rcglllsriy 50c a box of 24 sheets Hi^^§^«A, I (^^^^^i^V scenes, friin:! in hand-,om- fcfc tr.imcs size 10x14
k I and 25 cnvc"opcs; to-day . . . V^. 5^5^^ V% V^^A^^**i inches insid; mrarur-, to-day, ani to-dav O^**
* Sale Bobbinet Curtains V\>£L 3v\ — TZ — °Z
* Sale Bed Set* X^Sk^ \Z2^\ The Grocery Sale
< '¦"' Wednesday and Thursday
I * . J°:t Ja y an *'* a . lance ?J \\ eeR - . , Three dainty, new, up-to-date styles in women's Oxfords »t Em- Bacon- Best Eastern, pound 15C
< $2.25 Bobb net Lace Curtams-a^ yards long, 50 mche. - '^ . , Meal-Best Ea-tern, yrUow, ,o-lb. sack .. 22c
. wide, renaissance insertior .and edge, just what you need },_ Da ,k tan vici kid, with light turned iolo, medium «f J?0 flonf l T.hU Salt Fit* oound sack, ' *tk
i for your summer home; th, pretest kind of bedroom heds> wellwcr \h ,2.00 pair; here for. . ... 9*'OU Good Tab e Sa -Fire-pound sacks 5C
k curtains; at the very special price per pa.r . . $1,5o fl _Ru«et calf lace Oxfords, w4 welted extension soles, low military Good Table SaU-Ten-pound sack © C
£ $7.00 Ruffled Bed Sc.,V- Stven patterns of white and heels; a wnrble cool walking shoe, suitable for c'ty _ #1 Corn Beef— For picnic lunches, i-lb. tins, 1 for . 25O
» Arabian Bobbinet sets, for full size beds, .Motif in or outing wear &Zm5O Sardines— Choice imported, 3 tins . ..... . 25o
k* center of spread, deep Bonne Femme Valance; special Q _The new chimpajne color, vici kid lace Oxfords, with French Beans in Tomato Sauce— W G .\f 3 tin* 2So
i n 'Tf? ?? ' r" ;.'';¦- &M ' f f"?° hCe1 ' 5 " ClUSiVC Sh ° e " Or " **' 5Oi ° Uf Pr!C= $2.85 V^lS BUraet-B-mett^ 2-ounce bottle, . \ \ 23o
. Dentelle Am be Lace Curtains -Cop.es of the real Arabian - Force, Cero Fruto or Malto Vita-2 package. . 25o
$ cable netting durable patterns, generous *»*?*£ "— Poft or Jherry-Extra S«. 50 -ine,, gallon . . $1. O 5
{ per pa.r.. .52- SO, $2.75, $3JGO, $4.OO />* -» ' Hiro 1 Rootbter— Carbonated, 3 bottles . . . . 25O
G0VCI*Cd So fit Cushions — 24 X2 4 ' ncn , f t ' - ¦ Orange Gder— Best summer drink, 2 bottles. . 25o
\ Oriental striped tapestry, filled with best quality Moss; - Club • CocktaiU— Vermouth, Manhattan, Whiskey or
i each 98o VIirtin '« bottIe 97c
\ Door Pantls— Araban coior, Motif in cen'cr, extra qual- CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- J , - — **=*> Kentucky Bele Bourbon-Ful! quarts, bottle. . . S80
> ity netting, 45 and 54 inch:* long; each Sauterne or Rie*!ing — Five-year-old table wine*, gallon
»" Sl'25, $1mOO f 75C •m&]$0mW r^ AMERICAS GRANDEST 3TORE. . . '. 58o
4m\m«~'*'*1* **'j»«M'j," J ,la **'*'*'*,'***•* **'*'*,'*«+'* '*~*-*>'j»'jt m *'n'*"j*'* VM"*r*'jt'+'!*'*.1***1*'a'* '*'+!*'***'* "*'+*:*'+'* '^."A'jS.dXA\a.'AA\M:AAarA "A'A"**'** ~*J1'**.*'JI "*'**¦ A
. • . j>-^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
% ?ii£l ® m Meats * W
•R • f£&^ffir~fi\ Materials: — Any kind neatly /$3l
*H ¦'!'! /V-\ *':c=d and garnished. Suitable for ggg
jfj /<yEpb~v^ \j \ luncheons and teas when accom- |Mg
ti /-^, ; y^-f)^fc^l panicd by a vegetable salad. fegg
If
I Lea 11 Perrins'
g ' - ******
I . vJAUvtC
1 • THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
l\ Seasoning : — * n arranging the uble be sure that a bottle - of Lea C&
. M ' Perrins' Sauce M within easy reach.- When poured
(/ over the meat it will stimulate appetite and promote
S * digestion.
il JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Ajenu, NEW YORK.Asks Heavy Damages.
ALAMEDA; - May 3.— Miss Ella B. Graves
Wife Alleges Desertion.
.OAKLAND. May 3.— Suit for divorce
was begun to-day by Daisy . Graves
against Thomas Gravesori the. ground
of .cruelty. /They were married in . 1S88,
but* the last few years , they have lived
apart. -, -' - :-
STOCKTON. May 3.— If there was
any doubt as to H> E. Huntington's
intention of building an immense elec
tric power and transportation system
throughout the San Joaquin Valley it
ought to be seriously shaken' by the
news that D. L. Wlshon, the reputed
right of way agent of H. E. Hunting
ton, to-day filed applications \ in the
local United States Land Office for
rights of way and sites for mammoth
reservoirs and power plants in Fresno
County and for transmission lines from
them to. Los Angeles, San Francisco
and all points in the San Joaquin Val
ley, { including Stockton. .
The main reservoirs, according to the
application filed, will be in Crane Val
ley in the. Sierra Nevada Mountains in
Fresno County. . One "of . the reservoirs
will contain 800 acres. The fall is so
great there that /the' same "water will
be % used in three power plants in a dis
tance, of eight miles. The' applications
filed; show that the contemplated power
system will be the greatest in the West.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Filing of Applications for
Land in Stockton Said to
Reveal Him tiiigton's Plans
BIG RESERVOIRS
ARE PROJECTED
Oldest Printer Is Dead.
MILFORD, Mass., May 3. — James C.
Cook, known as the oldest practical
printer in the United States, if not in
the world, died here to-day, aged 87
years.
BERKELEY, May 3.— diaries Gardner
Rodgers, an assistant, to Dr. Lceb in hla bio
logical work, will shortly present himself for
public examination for the degree of doctor
of . philosophy, in physiological. [ science. Itodg
eri Is a graduate of the 'University of Cali
fornia and received a higher degree at the
University of Syracuse. He came West when
Dr. Loeb joined the local faculty and hag
bwn working undtr his direction since that
time. •¦ V". ''
Ivan B. Rhodes, who has been the general
secretary for the College Young Mtn'S'Chris
tian. Association for some time, has resigned
his place to take charge of the educational
wcrk of the Portland X. M. C. A. Khodt-J"
successor in the college work has not yet
been sheeted, tfeiore taking up his new work
JChodes will attend several Christian conven
tions in the Eai>t during the summer months.
The annual review oi the cadet brigade of
the University of California in honor ot Presi
dent Wheeler took place on the Hlllegass
Held this morninu. Captain Arthur Foster
acted as the otflccr of the day. President
Wheeler in his Inspection was accompanied
by Captain Watte, the commandant.
The Tniverslty Glee Club U preparing lcr
its trip to the St. Louis Exposition. 1 n • start
will be made on May 2a. The itinerary will
include several places in Arizona and Colo
rado. The college singers will go as far us
Chicago before returnini; to the coast.
It will be Boat Club night to-morrow even
lixe at Ye Liberty Theater In Oakland, when
the rowing men of the university will entertain
the rowing men of the University of Wash
ington, whom they defeated on the waters of
the Oakland estuary on Monday. Four boxes
have been set aside for the crews and these
will be decorated with the colors of their re
spective universities. A large number of stu
dents will attend and a crowded house is
expected to see "A Gilded Fool."
.Pliny E. Goddard, Instructor In anthropol
ogy, wan DUbllcly examined for the decree of
doctor of philosophy in South Hall this after
noon. His thesis was "The Morphology of
the Huba Languages." The sub-committee In
charge consisted of President Wheelsr, Profes
sor Max Margolls, Dr. Herbert C. Nutting and
Dr. Alfred J». Kroeber. It Is understood that
Mr. Goddard passed the ordeal successfully
and will be recommended for the degree.
The debate in the Spanish language last
nizht was won by the affirmative side, con
sisting of Miss Ellen M. Reynolds, Miss Eu
cenie Shenk and Gilbert Gurney. The nega
tive was represented by Mies Frleie, Louis
Qiamboni and Otis Baldwin. Misa Reynolds'
argument was declared the most fluent and
correct and Mr. Gurney*s the most logical.
The question was, "Resolved, That the Latin
race has contributed more toward civilization
than the Anglo-Saxon." Professors Putzker
and Moses and Sidney Muason were the judges.
The debaters are members of Carlos Brans
by's class In Spanish.
Practically all of the material that Is to
form the archaeological branch of the Alaskan
exhibit at the St. Louis Fair has been loaned
from the rich anthropological collections at the
university. In return for the loan the com
mission at the close of the exposition will
give to the university two rare totem poles, a
collection of minerals and much other valu
able archaeological material. *
Th* announcement Is made that Wolfgang
Ostwald of Oennany, son of the greatest liv
ing chemist, has arranged to come to Califor
nia for the purpose of spending a year in
study and research under Dr. Jacques Loeb.
Ostwald Is a young man of but 23 years, but
he has already achieved Borne reputation as a
physiologist, upon which subject he has writ
ten a number of books containing a description
of <hls resparch work. Ills father, who deliv
ered the address at the dedication of the Loeb
Physiological Laboratory last September, was
bo impret sed with the advantages of study in
California a: A under Dr. Loeb that he pre
vailed upon his son to make this venture. He
Is expected- to arrive In California in the fall.
Alameda to Greet Grocers.
ALAMEDA, May 3. — Committees
from the Alameda Advancement Asso
ciation, the, WeBt End Improvement
Club and the Adelphian Club will wel
come and show a delegation of: East
ern grocers about the city Wednesday
afternoon. The visitors will be met at
the corner of Park street and Santa
Clara avenue at 3:30 o'clock and will
be presented with flowers and extend
ed every hospitality.
Fred W. Lawton, a commercial
traveler, was arrested last evening by
Detective Ross Whittaker and Patrol
man Sawyer at 739 Post street and his
name was placed on the detinue book
at the New City Hall station pending
an Investigation as to his sanity. Law
ton's mother died recently and. ac
cording to the statements of the oc
cupants of the house at 739 Post
street, where he has been living, he
has been grieving: over her death and
drinking heavily. Last evening he cre
ated a disturbance in the house and
the police were sent for.
Supposed to Be Insane.
The Swedish- American Hall Associa
tion on Monday last celebrated the
opening of Its newly erected hall at lSi
City Hall avenue, to be known as»
Scandia Hall, with speeches, songs and
music. The programme was opened
with an overture by the orchestra,
after which President A.~A. Gradln of
the Swedish-American "Hall Associa
tion addressed the audience In a
speech of welcome.
Following the President Alex Olson,
editor of Vestkusten. delivered an ora
tion In Swedish. Several vocal solos
by Miss Elsa Fornaward pleased Im
mensely. A recitation by little Mis*
Brita Dybergh was heartily encored.
The programme closed with a number
of well sung Swedish folk songs by th*
Swedish Singing Society. After the
programme all amused themselves at
the various booths, tombola and art
gallery, where a large selection of
works of^art by many local Scandina
vian artists were on view. An inter
esting programme has been arranged
for each evening during the week.
Will Hold Festival and Bazaar With
Musical and Literary Programme
All Week.
SWEDES COMME3IORATE
OPENING OF NEW HAM.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, May 3.— The follow
ing Californians are registered here:
From San Francisco — H. ¦ I. Bennett,
at the Grand Union; F. E. Burke, at
the Rossmore; H. Foley, at the Bar
tholdi; L. St. J. Hely, at the Grand
Union; W. F. Herrin, at the Holland:
E. M. Kenna and wife, at the Impe
rial: H. N. Wayne', at the Sinclair; G.
F. Lyon and wife, at the Grand; H.
Marx, at the Herald Square; E. H.
Commlns, at the St. Denis;. S. Freden
thal, at the'Marlborough. '
From Los Angeles — H. S. Goldberg,
at the Herald Square; W. Burroughs,
at the Herald Square; W. B. Dennis,
at the Cadillac.
Pioneer Dies Suddenly.
Major Michael E. Gaffney, a
pioneer resident of thi^ city, died sud
denly of heart disease early this morn
ing at his residence. 1910 Polk street.
Gaffney was a native of Ireland and
70 years old. He came to this city
originally with the coast survey and
at one time was engaged in the whole
sale liquor business. He was con
nected with the Irish regiment here a
few years ago.
and C. C. V. Reeves, both of this city, were
married In San Francisco Saturday eventQj by
the Rev. D. J. Evans of Grace Church. The
engagement of the young people was an
nounced some time ago. but their wedding
comes as a surprise to their friends, as It was
generally understood that It was not ¦ to occur
until next month. The bride Is the sister of
F. B. Graves of the Free Library and is well
known in musical circles, being, a talented
pianist and accompanist. The groom la em
ployed In the general office of the Southern
Pacific Company In San Francisco.
Frank A. Jones of 1616 Lafayette street,
president of the National Marine Engineers'
Association, returned last evening from an
extended trip to the Atlantic and Gulf States.
William Patton and E. R. Tabor, accompa
nied by their wives, left this morning for
Hanford to attend the convention of the For
esters of America, to be held there.
. ALAMEDA. May 3.— Mr*. Margaret Deane
past president of the Catholic Ladies' Aid So
ciety, will be the guest of Branch No. 3 of
this city to-morrow afternoon at tbe> organiza
tion's booth in the bazaar now in progress in
Lafayette Hall for the benefit of St. Joseph's
Church. In the evening Miss Mary Can
grand president of the Catholic Ladles' Aid
Society, will be the guest of honor.
Arrangements are belnjr made for the annual
picnic of the First Unitarian Society which
will be held at Sunset Park" on May 2S
• Whist was played . last night by the Isle
City Club at the home of Dr. and Mrs. L. T
Cranz. 1626 Sherman street. Prize* were won
by Mrs. A. A. Stafford. George R. Hansbrow
and Mrs. John W. Held t.
Laurel Lodge No. 10. Friends of the Forest
presented the president. Miss A<"nes Mont
gomery, with a fraternal Jewel last evening
Russell Baker will depart next week for St
Louts to visit the exposition. He will then*
proceed to Chiearo and will also visit New
Orleans before returnlns home. "
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
: The booths promise to be even prettier than
last year, nearly all of the various charitable
organizations being found at the usual places.
The Oakland Club will pour tea at Lilac cot
tage. Kablola will again dispose of their beau
tiful 1 paper millinery at. the stables. The Cen
tral Free Kindergarten will preside over thre*
booths — ice ' cream, flower . and cloak. * Ice
cream- will be dispensed in. the plttisporum
circle as usual and also at another stand in
thi ' garden. • These refreshments will ¦ be In
cliarze of Mrs. T. C. Cooiran, Mrs. Thomas
Crellln. Mrs. E. F. Taylor. Mrs.. William
Letts Oliver, -Mrs. J. "R. fturnham, Mr*. W.
S. ¦ Good fellow, Mrs. Gordon Stolp and Mrs. M.
C. Chapman., assisted by Mrs. A. W. Bishop,
Mrs.C.E. Snook, Mrs. Al Havens and about
forty-five • society , girls.
Mrs. • Minor Goodall is chairman of the
flower booth, assisted by Mrs. Egbert Stone,
Mrs. W. T. Veitch. Mrs. E. J. Cotton, Mrs.
Kdson i. Adams, Mrs. Andrew < Moseley. Mrs.
George S. Wheaton, Mrs. . Robert Fitzgerald.
Mrs. Thomas Pheby, Mrs. William H. Mor
rison. MUsv Crellln, Miss Barker and the
Misses Kales. . .
. At the Eighth-avenue gate Mrs. George H.
Wheaton and Mr*.- E." B. ; Beck will be- In
charge i and Mrs. : R. W. Gorrlll will preside
over the .Seventh-avenue entrance. •
Next Saturday the eighth annual May fete
at Arbor Villa will absorb the greater part of
Oakland's pleasure loving population. This
great charity event has grown to be the big
rest social affair of the year and each year
witnesses an Increase In the numbers that
come from hear and far Jo participate in the
fet«. .
To-morrow morning the choral section of
Ebell -will repeat the programme given at the
recent club concert for the Adelphian Club" in
Alameda. The Island City ladies have ar
ranged for a -n«clal car for, their guests and
the a£alr promises to be a very pleasant one
in every, way. .
Many will attend the Britton "at home"
with a little tinge of regret, for the very
next day will witness the creaking up of this
hospitable home, as the family has decided lo
move to San Francisco, which will be their
residence for the future. The guest list com
prises nearly all of their acquaintances and Is
necessarily a large one.
Mrs. Britton and her daughters will be as
sisted in receiving by Mrs. John B. Ely, Mrs.
David Brown, Mrs. Gilbert Belcher. Mrs.
Charles Conlisk of San Francisco. Mrs J.
Walter Scott. Mrs. W. D. gmlth. Mrs. George
C. Holberton, Miss Katherlne Gray. Miss Sue
Johnson, Miss Blanche Laym&nce, Miss Mamie
Etroud, MIm Josle Eastland, Mrs. George
Ismon of Ban Jose, . Mrs. Henry K. Adams of
Stockton, Mrs. Kennerly Bryan. Miss Gertrude
Ruddock, Miss Louise Earl of San Francisco,
Miss Laura Nicholson, Mrs. George C. Bald
win of Los Angeles and Mrs'. A. S. Macdonald.
Mrs. Huntington's "at brme" is compli
mentary to Mrs. David A. Spencer, president
of the Hill Club, and to Mrs. Edward D.
Flint, who has lonr been the club's efficient
secretary. Mrs. Flint is going to Los Gatos
very shortly to reside.
In Mrs. Huntington's receiving party will
be Mrs. Samuel J. Taylor, Mrs. Eugene Engel
hart, Mrs. Louis F. Cockloft, Mrs. Frank
Leach and Mrs. David McKay.
This week promises much In the way
of social entertainment, Wednesday, May 4,
seemlns to be the most favored day of the
seven. On that day Mrs. William D. Hunt
ington will eive a reception: Miss Mary Bar
ker will entertain in honor of one of the latest
brides. Mrs. Bernard P. Miller; the Burnbim
card party Is scheduled for that day; Mrs.
John A." Britton and her daughters. Miss Brit
ton and Mrs. Walter Kellugg, will be "at
home," and Mrs. Seton Lindsay . will give a
larre reception at the Little home on Broad
way.
Wednesday, May 14, the anniversary of Dr.
Mills' birthday, will be observed at Mills Col
lege. The alumnae and all of the old stu
dentr, whether graduates or not, are most cor
dially Invited to be present. All of the be
nicia students of Mary Atkins, as well as
of Dr. and Mrs. Mills, are Included in this
invitation. The meeting will be In Llsser Hall
at half-past 10.
The quartet composed of Mrs. H. P. Carl
ton Mrs. E. L. Dow, Mrs. A. E. Xash and
Mrs. Frank I. Kendall received the compli
ment of a very enthusiastic encore. The solcm
by Mrs. Dow were rendered with true artis
tic fteling. She has a charming manner and
a very pretty voice. She was delightfully ac
companied by : Miss Estelle Drummond. The
choral numbers were all good, especially "St.
John's Eve." the "Bridal of the. Birds" and
the "Lullaby/"
As the guests of the Adelphlan Club took the
special car waiting in front of the club rooms
they all Joined in singing a farewell serenade
to their hostess of the day. The merry party
was then whirled into Oakland and to tho
Woman's Exchange, where they enjoyed lunch
eon. The ladles of the Alameda Club pre
sented their guests with a basket of beautiful
pink roses. The programme was as follows:
"Nightfall" (Metcalf); ••Thine Only"
(Bohm). Robert Lloyd. "Gypsy Life" (Schu
mann): "Prayer" (Moderatl); "There's One
That I Love. Margarita (Hawley); quartet.
"St. John's Eve" (Chaminade), Mrs. Harry P.
Carlton. Minuet (Patty Stair). »a) "A Dream
So Fair," (b) "I Know a Maiden Like a
Hose," (c) ''Sea Dreams" (Metcalf). Mrs. Ed
gar L. Dow; accompanist. Miss Estelle Rey
nolds Drummond. "Bridal of • the Birds"
(Rlcharde); "Lullaby" (Brahms); accompanist,
Mrs. R. H. Auerbach.
OAKLAND, M^/ 3.-»-At the requwt of the
music section of the Adelphlan Club the choral
section of Ebell went to Alameda this morn
ing and repeated the programme which was
so successful at their recent concert.
The choral section now includes about sixty
five members, under the leadership of Robert
Lloyd, and they are doing some really gocd
work. They presented a very pleasing pro
gramme this morning, many of the numbers
receiving hearty encores. To every one's re
gret Mr. Lloyd was unable to sing: on ac
count of a . severe cold.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Count Matsu. former Japanese Con
sul General to San Francisco and
lately first secretary to the Japanese
legation in Washington, is registered
at the Occidental. He has been in 111
health for some time and is on his
way to Japan, for which he will sail
on Saturday.
T. W. Bishop and family, prominent
residents of Plattville, Wis., are at the
California.
F. M. Clough, manager of the Dia
mond Match Company's Interests at
Chico and Stirling, i3 at the Palace. "
Bush Finnell, the well-known youniT
attorney, has been given charge of the
law department of the Citizens* lAlli
ance in this city. t\''
Edward . ¦ Chambers, * general freight
agent of the Santa Fe Company, ar
rived from" Los Angeles yesterday and
Is at the St. Francis.
Former Governor Alva Adams of
Colorado and wife and M. D. Thatcher
and wife arrived here yesterday from
Puebla and are staying at the St.
Francis.
¦ Edgar M. Sheehan of Sacramento is
at the Palace.
Dr. W. H. Creighton of Cincinnati
is at the Lick.
Grant Snyder, a mining man of Ken
nett, is at the Palace.
Joseph Scott, a mining man of Ne
vada, is at the California.
William Palmtag, a wine merchant
of .Hollister, Is staying at the Cali
fornia.
J. B. Lippincott of the United States
Geological' Survey Is registered at the
Palace.
PERSONAL.
SANTA CRUZ. May 3.— William
Klaiber, well known in the baseball cir
cles of the country, died this afternoon
at the hospital. He was a native of St.
Louis and came to California with the
Seattle baseball nine to play against
San Francisco. He played shortstop for
San Jose and Santa Cruz nines, And for
the past two years had made Santa
Cruz his home. The funeral will be held
under the auspices of the Foresters of
America, of which he was a member.
In the spring of 1850 Dinsmore came
to the Pacific Coast from New Hamp
shire, where he was born 76 years ago.
Soon after his arrival he started a
foundry at the corner of Market and
Fremont streets in San Francisco. He
was then associated with William T.
Coleman, after^. which -~he went to
Seattle and engnged in business. When
he returned to San Francisco he be
came superintendent of the W. T. Gar
ratt brass foundry, but retired sixteen
years ago and came to Oakland to re
side. Mr. Dinsmore was the construct
ing engineer in the building of the
Lake Chabot dam. which forms the
principal source of water supply for
this city.
He leaves two daughters, Mrs. Anna
A. Woodward and Mrs. Lizzie B. Clark,
and one grandson, Elmer D. Wood
ward. The funeral will bo from the
family residence on Thursday after
noon at 2 o'clock.
Well-Known Ballplayer Dies.
OAKLAND, May 3.— Samuel Dins
more, who, in the early history ot Cali
fornia, figured as a prominent member
and leader of the famous vigilance
committee of 1856 in San Francisco, ex
pired of -heart trouble at his home,
1S00 Adeline street, early this morning.
As, well as being well known through
his connection with the pioneer organi
zation for law and order, .Mr. Dins
more gained a reputation later in busi
ness affairs, and during his last sixteen
years* residence in this city became one
of the most energetic and prominent
of citizens.
Samuel Dinsmore, Active in
Vigilance Committee,
Hears Call.
SAMUEL. DINSMORE. OF THE OLD
VIGILANCE COMMITTEE, WHO
DIED IN OAKLAND.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, May 3.
Mrs. J. B. Hume to-day resigned as
president of the Ebell Society. The
action took the board of directors by
eurprise, as Mrs. Hume had only serv
ed as the head of Oakland's exclusive
woman's club a few weeks. Her elec
tion had been of very recent date.
In announcing her decision to with
draw from the official work of the so
ciety, Mrs. Hume said that ill-health
of her husband impelled her to step
out, as she did not believe her domes
tic afTairs would warrant her in con
tinuing as the leader of the large or
ganization. Mrs. Hume feared that
the Vork entailed in the position
would severely overtax her in view of
the -increased demands for her pres
ence at home.
The board of directors urged Mrs.
Hume to take a vacation instead of re
eisning. but she did not think that
course- would be fair to the society or
to herself.
yit was with regret that the mem
bers of the board, as well as others
In the society, heard the resignation
presented at the regular business meet
ing: to-day of the society.
As soon as the board meets again
Mrs. Hume's resignation will be ac
cepted. Meantime Mrs. C W. Kin
sey. vice president. Is acting as pres
ident. An effort is being made to in
duce Mrs. Kinsey to accept the posi
tion of president as successor to Mrs.
Hume.
At to-day's meeting the question of
the new site for the society's home
was considered, but no progress was
made toward a decision. Those who
favor the present location at Thir
teenth and Harrison streets are de-
Firous of having a called meeting of
the society.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 3.
The first through Santa Fe train to
come into Oakland over the new road
from Point Richmond will reach this
city at 11 a. m. Monday, May 16, and
as far as is possible the day will be
observed as a general holiday. Resolu
tions have been passed by the cele
bration committee requesting the
Mayor and the Board of Education to
declare the day an official holiday, and
asking that the public schools remain
closed all day.
The executive committee of the Board
of Trade has appointed the following
committee on programme: D. Edward
Collins, R. P. M. Greeley. Dr. H. B.
Mehrmann, Theodore Gier and C. J.
Heeseman. This committee will can
vass the merchants of the city in re
gard to closing all stores during the
exercises. The result of the canvass
will be reported to the executive com
mittee Thursday, at which time the
programme for the exercises will be
presented to the executive committee
for approval. It is expected that the
programme will include a floral parade,
also games and races, music, speaking
and other amusements.
The following letter has been receiv
ed from the officials of the Santa Fe
Company, in regard to the time of the
arrival of the initial train into Oak
land:
SAN FRANCISCO. April 29.
Mr. M. J. Keller. Chairman Railroad Com
mittee, Oakland Board of Trade, 520 Twelfth
Street. Oakland. Cal.— My Dear Mr. Keller:
1 have Just received advice from Mr. Wells
that our 6tatlons at Oakland and Berkeley will
be decorated on May 16. and that we fhall en
deavor to have a suitable* train for the occa
sion. The present plan Is th&t the initial train
reg-ularly into Oakland will be a connection
with our 41 at Richmond, which arrives at
that point at 10:20 o'clock in the morning.
I hope this will be satisfactory, and if you
have any further suggestions to make I shall
be glad to communicate them to Mr. Wells.
Yours very truly. A. H. PAYSON".
CENSUS SHOWS A LARGE
INCREASE IX POPULATION
ImpoMor Fools a Professor.
BERKELEY. May 3. — Professor A.
V. Stubenrauch of the agricultural de
partment of the University of Califor
nia was importuned yesterday by a
man claiming to be an old friend of
the family for money to buy a ticket
to Napa. Mistrusting the man the
professor sent a trusted agent named
Colmore to bur the ticket for him.
The man demurred at the ticket office,
but Colmore purchased the ticket.
Afterward the professor learned* that
the impostor had sold the ticket for
Jl 50; also that he had got $1 from
the professor's mother in San Francis
co with the aid of the same etory.
Return* Indicate That There Are
21,000 People in Berkeley, a gain
of -J965 in Four Years.
BERKELEY, May 3. — Returns just
compiled by School Census Marshal
Thomas Stevenson show that the pop
ulation of Berkeley is now 20,007,
with several small sections in the res
idence districts yet to be heard from
that may add 100 to these figures. This
means an. increase of 1960 more "than
the school census of last year showed,
and 4965 more than the national cen
sus of 1900. The population by wards
is as follows: First, 4080; Second,
3659; Third. 4136; Fourth. 2607;
Fifth, 2201: Sixth. 1545; Seventh,
1779. These figures have been com
piled by Marshal Stevenson and his
assistants, the Rev. M. D. Buck and
A. H. MacDonald.
Abandon Plan for 5Iis*ion.
BERKELEY, May 3. — Residents of
Berkeley have prevailed upon the
House of Bishops of the Methodist
church net to establish a Chinese
mission school on Dwight way, oppo
site the McKinley School. Protest
i\as made yesterday in San Francisco
by Mrs. E. P. King, Thomas Rickard.
Benjamin Bangs, H. B. Griffith. J. C.
Arnold. J. W. Richards. Professor
William Carry Jones and R. C. Staats
a'nd the Bishops decided to abandon
the mission scheme. The property
here will be sold and a new site pur
chased.
School Cen«ns Shows Shortage.
OAKLAND, May 3. — The school
census which has Just been completed
shows a shortage of 515 school chil
dren. The report was made at a
meeting of the Board of Education
last night. Superintendent J. W. Mc-
Clymonds ascribes the shortage to tjie
fact that this year was the first in
which the census marshals were re
quired to obtain the signatures of pa
rents. Last year the returns showed
a total of 17,927 children, but this
year there are only 17,412 on the list.
IViends Pay I>aj»t Respects.
OAKLAND, May 3.— Friends of th"e
late J. H. Shields assembled at Brown's
undertaking parlor this morning to
offer their last respects to the dead.
The funeral was conducted under the
auspices of Lyon Post No. S. G. A. R.,
and the Typographical Union, to which
he belonged. The remains were incin
erated. The following acted as pall
bearers: From Lyon Post, G. A. R.,
H. L. Longfellow, H. H. Kirby, John
H. Smith and J. A. Colquhoun; from
the Typographical Union, P. D. Hall
and J. C. Harlow.
Solovich Wants Redress.
OAKLAND. May 3. — S. Solovich, a
second-hand dealer, who owns the
house at 460 Third street in which
the police were obliged to shoot Wil
son Anderson, a negro fugitive, sent
a communication to the City Council
last night demanding remuneration
tor the .damage done to the house and
contents. Solovich asked for $150 and
the matter was referred to the Audit
ing and Finance Committee.
Ajred Uoitl«"nt Kxpires.
OAKLAND, May 3.— James MacDon
ald. aged 82 years, died this morning at
hi« home, &42 Thirty-fourth street. He
ha* resided in this city for the last
t^vf-nty-Eix years and leaves a wife and
two sons— Charles M. of this city and
Leon A. of Portland, Or. x
Boy Pirates Are Released.
ALAMEDA. May 3.— John Rodger
and Vincent Gomez, the boys arrested
for stripping a dredger in the estu
ary of a boatload of iron? were repri
manded by Justice of the Peace F. S.
Cone this morning and allowed to go
with instruction to report to the Chief
of Police every two weeks. The dredg
ing company that owned the stolen
iron requested that this policy be pur
sued with the lads.
Donation to Butchers' Union.
Oakland, May 3. — The Oakland
Typographical Union has donated $50
to the Butchers' Union and the same
amount will be donated to the union
each month until the present trouble
is settled.
WhJpple Hull Wry HI.
OAKLAND. May 3. — Whipple Hall,
son of Superior Judge S. P. Hall, is
critically ill at 8t. Louis. He has ap
pendicitis. Judge Hall has gone to
his son's bedside.
Parses Fictitious Check.
OAKLAND. May 3.— R. A. Suitor, a
teamster employed by J. J. Lestrange
of Berkeley, was arrested at Emeryville
yesterday on a charge of obtaining
money under false pretenses. It is al
leged that Suitor, who represented him
self as a wealthy race horse man, pass
ed a fictitious check for $5 at the sa
loon df.Nicolini & Goertz. Suitor will
be arraigned before Judge Coburn to
morrow morning.
C. B. Kitch. representing the Unit
ed Railrod5. secured a warrant from
Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday for
the arrest of Milton C. Ferguson on
¦a charge of misdemeanor embezzle
ment. Ferguson was a conductor on
the Mission-street line and it is al
leged that on April 26 he embezzled
525 of the money collected by him. It
is said that when a demand was made
upon him he said he was to get it
from his father, but he has so far
failed to make the amount good.
Ask for Conductor's Arrest.
The popular Floto shows at Elev
enth and* Market streets were visited
by an immense crowd last night and
each act •was highly enjoyed by the
audience. The daring feats perform
ed by the various acrobats drew
rounds of applause from the specta
tors. The show will continue for six
eights more.
Crowds Attend Floto Slums.
Mother and Daughter Found.
OAKLAND, May 3.— The wife and
daughter of Henry Spyers of 1732 Pa
cific street, who deserted the husband
and father last Saturday, were located
in San Jose to-day by the local police.
They had gone there immediately after
leaving the family home, following a
quarrel with the husband.
Tangle Over Estate.
OAKLAND. May 3.— Attorneys Aid
rich and Gentry and Public Adminis
trator George Gray. have both filed pe
titions for letters of administration on
the estate of the late C. W. Shepperd
and a legal tangle is the result.- The
estate Is valued at about $7000 and con
sists of $5000 cash in bank and a $2000
mortgage on realty.
Professor Ritter said to-day that the
Audubon Society would aim to create a
sentiment against the employment of
bird feathers as decoration for women's
hats, and that a direct appeal would
be made to all co-eds to stop the prac
tice. In time a State organization will
be perfected and the people more gen
erally interested in the esthetic and
commercial value of birds.
The co-eds of the University of Cali
fornia will be asked to help protect the
wild birds of California from exter
mination. They will be asked not to
wear the feathers of birds on their
hats and to discourage the wearing pf
them on the hats of others.' And that
the' campaign in behalf of the birds
may be carried on with some sort of
system, they are invited. to join an anti
bird feather society.
The Audubon Society is the name of
this proposed humane organization. It
was suggested by Professor W. E. Rit
ter of the department of zoology of the
university, and 'the idea comes from
Southern California, where several such
societies already exist. The first meet
ing will be held on Wednesday after
noon, when not only the women but the
men students of the university are ex
pected to be present to subscribe their
names to the charier roll of the so
ciety. Professor Hitter and L. J. Miller
and J. S. Hunter, students, will be
there to explain its objects and to pre
vail upon the co-eds to pledge them
selves against wearing the plumage of
the birds.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, May 3.
Jose Collet, the alleged leader of the
insurrection, was taken into custody
to-day and received a jail sentence. A
number of the disturbers are aaid to
have been put in irons. By means of
Federal intervention quiet and order
have at last been restored.
On Sunday a number of the crew
were ashore and returned In a frenzied
condition of intoxication. Unable to
contrt/L the men the officers reported
conditions to C. Henri Labbe. the
French consular agent at this place.
Before he was able to interfere, how
ever, the men began quarreling among
themselves. The wrangle terminated
in a free-for-all fight, in which knives
were used.
The Marechal de Noailles arrived
from Hamburg April 20. She Is dis
charging a general cargo consigned to
Meyer, Wilson & Co.
As the result of a riot on board th«
vessel the crew of twenty-five ia said
tcf have become unmanageable and in
the battle which followed three sailors
were stabbed and ethers sustained
more or less serious injuries.
PORTLiAND, Or.. May 3.— The Fed
eral authorities were appealed to yes
terday afternoon by the local consular
agent of the French Government for
assistance in quelling an insurrection
on board the French vessel Marechal
de Noailles, lying at anchor at Colum
bia dock No. 1.
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call
Society Aims to Create Senti
ment Against Ruthless
Killing of the Bipeds
Retiring Leader Withdraws
After Serving Only a Few
AVeeks Following Election
Offending Members of the
Crew Are in Irons and One
of Them Goes to Jail
Railroad Committee of the
Board of Trade Requests
Co-operation of Citizens
Reginald James Sully (single; to Mutual
Trust Company of San Francisco (corpc ratio!,',
lot on S line of Dalton street. I'OO W of Mahu.
W 40 by S HO. lot 68, map Rock Island Tract
Oakland; $10.
Home Investment Company (corporation t>
Minnie II. Letcher (widow), lot on E line pf
Manila street, 88.86 N from intersection wi:s
S line of block 3. N 36 by £7 112. lot 7. Mock
3. map blocks 3 and 4. Berkeley Park, ¦ * .
land; J1O.
Ellen M. and Matthew <*• la Montanya I .
Helen I. d* la Mcntanya (daughter), lo: b»
gicnlng 25 N from NW corner of Grove ani
Sixth streets, thence alons W line of Grow
N 75 by W 75. lots 19 to 21. block 69. K *,.
lersberger's map, Ufa estate to Crat part.--*
Oakland: sift.
Julius A. Crist (single) to Clarence Gra:^-.
lot's 13 to 17. block A, map University Par*,
etc.. Oakland: $10.
Same to some, lot oa SW corner of T«l-
graph avenuo and Sixty-first street. 8 It: 13
by W 103.42. lot 8 and portion lot 7. blo'<
C, map resubdivlsion block* A to F, on m*:
3, Roberts and Wolfskin Tract. Oaklaad; $10
Samuel Bell McKee (sinrle) to Ella L. Uir
(widow), lot on ¦ E line of Campbell sit*"..
154 S of Sixteenth. S 23 by E 110. lot K
block 727A map redivlslon block 74T>. portion
blocks 739. 727 and 728. Oakland: $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Neal J. McKe..n.
lot 4. block H. Central Piedmont Tract. Oak
land Township, deed and agreement; $10.
Anna C. and Robert B. Kachleln to Marti.*
E Aylsworth. lot on N line of Delaware strit-..
224 E of Mllv'a, E 43 by N 1.13, lot 23. block
A, map Janes Tract. Berkeley; $10.
California Home Building; Loan Company ¦ »
Lyman Allen, lot en 3 line of Francisco »tr»-»?.
173:3 B of Hamilton (now McGee). E 4<» i.y
3 135 :4S. pcrtion lot 4. block 3. State Uni
versity Homestead No. 4, Berkeley: $10.
Lyman and Sarah J. Allen to Theodore J
: Karnkaufer. lot on S Una of Francisco stre*i.
173:3 E of McGee avenue (Hamilton street). K
: 40 by S 135. portion lot 4. block 3, State T'ni
verslty Homestead Association No. 4. Berkeley,
warranty deed; $10.
R. E. and Anna C. Nickel to Charles A.
Brit tan, lot on S line of Alcatraz avenue fu
now established). 237:6 E of Calais, E «7:«. 8
135 to point 131 N of Fetton street. W 37:«. X
135. portion lots 5. 6. 19 and 20. block B, Pan
dise Park. Berkeley: $10.
Francis Henry Coke to Alexander J. ar. 1
Elizabeth Trimble, lot on S line of Tfciny
•econd street. 53:3 E of Magnolia, E 23 by .^
100. portion of lot 6. block F. lands Peralt-i
Homestead Association. Oakland; $10.
Lu!u A. and James A. Anderson to John,
James and Martha E. Nelson, lot en N Un*
of Sixteenth street. 90 W of Campbell, W 23 ty
N 100. lot 4, block 739 B, map redt»islon
block 740 and prrtiens blocks 739, 727 and 729,
Oakland; $10.
Ludwlg J. and Emma Bergr, Ben and Carrie
Severson. to Mary L. Maxfleld <wife of Ells
worth), lot on N line of Thirty-third <NoIan>
street, distant 181 TV of Market, TV 37:6 by N
1U), portion lets IS and 19. block P. property
Central Land Company, Oakland; $10.
Patrick and Mary E. O' Bryan to Martha Da
vis, lot on N line of Maple street. 320 TV of
Canning. TV 30 by N 10O. lot SS and portion of
lot 37. block It. map reaubdlvision of portion
of Roberts and Wolfskin Tract. Oakland; $!<>.
Virginia R. and William J. Dlngee (and a»
attorney) to William G. Henshaw lot on N
line of Elm street. SE 317.5 from E line of
Valdez. thence SE 184.10. NE 60.06 to STV line
of Bay place, thence NW on curve to right
835 feet, radius 48.3O. thence compounding sai<i
curve to radlU9 of 306 feet, 91.51 feet, thence
reversing said curve ami curving to left
10S2.97 feet, raldus 217.5t5 f«et. thence leaving
said Bay place as follows SW. 12») SE 157.6O.
SW 10O to beginning, portion of plat 13 oi
Wals worth 10O-acr«> tract, deed given in cor
rection of deed of August 21. 1S02. 4S0 D 454.
Oakland; $10.
Cora Theilmann (single) to M. C. Thcilmar.n.
lot on SE line of Seventh avenue. 113 NE of
E. Tenth street. NE SS:5 by SE 73. portion
of lots 1. 2, 3 22, 23 and 24. block 19. Clinton.
East Oakland; $10.
Isatah M. (or I. M > and Luella M. Clark,
and Ntna (or Nina II.) Clark to Charles But
ters. 8.22 acre?, being lot 1, 3.«7 acres being
lot 2. reap' of subdivision of Kellersberger'a
plat 72. Oakland Township; $10.
W. J. and Grace E. Mortimer to Mabt-1 C.
Needham (wife of Paul A.), lot on N line o;
Eunice street SO E at Walnut. E 49 by N'
120, lot 3. block 2. map of the Highlands, a
resubdlvleion of blocks 1 to- 3, Tnohy Addition
to Berkeley. Oakland Township; $1(jl . -
Joseph J. and Barbara Mason to BerryBanes
Land Obmpany <a corporation), lot. 7, block <I.
Berry-Bangs Tract, map No. 2 etc., Berke
ley; $10.
Aimira M. and TVIlliam Whitney to -Town of
Berkeley, lot beginning at PE corner- of Plar
»*. thence NW 20 chains. NE 1* chains tr>
point of T^ginnrng of said plat, being NE cor
ner of lands of Aimira. M. Whitney, said rv . .
H*. thence SE 4ot> feet. W 23 feet. N to N
line of- lands of said Whitney, thenc« in
straight line to beginning of portion of P!a:
84 of Kellersbrrger's Plat, "Ranchoa .V. and
D. Peralta, Berkeley; $1.
Herman Whirlow texecutor of estate of Har
riet B. Nuttlnfr) to Trustees of Town of Berke
ley, for purpose of public street, all interest
In lot on E line of Grove (3hernvan> street. 217
N of Berkeley way. N «5O by E iru.«5, lot i.'.
map Twltchell Tract. Berkeley; $1»UO.
Delta Lortsre Association <rf>rporali'>n> t->
Krank M. Wilson, lot on NW line of Le Cent*
avenue, 171. 7» NE of Arch street. NE.
93.39. SW S3.32. SE «3.72. lots 26 and 27.
block 2, map Daly's Scenic Park, Berkeley:
?1O.
PTummer Improvement Company to Anna
T. Burns, lot on W line of Etna street. 110 8
of Kearny. S 5O by W 133. block 4. prnp*r:>
of John Kearny, deed and agreement.. Berke
ley; ?10. '
George and Carrie R. Sterlln to The Resit.-
Syndicate, entire blocks 7 to 10 and 18 to 22.
McGee Tract portion of Plat «?. etc, Berke
ley; also lot 4. block 2. lota 12. 15. 1«. lt> to
21. block 3. low 13. 17. 19. block 4. lots 12 (¦¦
15. block B. lots 12 to 14. block «. lota 1 an<!
2. block 11. iota 4 tf> 21. block 13. lots 1. '¦
1 to 8 and 14 to 23. block 24. same map.
1 to IS «n.! It to 23. • block 24. same map.
Berkeley; $10.
Alameda County.
TUESDAY. MAT 3.
REAL, ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
The decision is one that has attracted
considerable attention, as the matter
has been hanging fire since last Novem
ber. It has been the custom to "dock"
a teacher's salary for absences of as
little as half a day and it is believed
that Boards of Trustees are not alto
gether to blame for this and that if
they have the power teachers' wages
will be paid as other county officials
whose salaries go rain or
shine, present or absent.
On account of sickness H. C. Petray,
principal of the Haywards School, was
absent for a month from his duties.
His trustees, however, allowed his sal
ary and the clerk of the board drew
his warrant upon the Superintendent
for the amount. When the warrant
wag presented to County Superinten
dent Crawford he refused to draw his
requisition on the Auditor for the
amount, claiming that Petray had not
earned the money.
In speaking . on the question this
morning Deputy District Attorney
Hynes said:
The Supreme Court ha* decided that
Boards of Supervisors are the proper judges of
bills presented to them and that what they
pass upon Is not subject of review by any one.
1 take It that the powers ot a board of trus
tees of a school district are on all fours with
those of the Board of Supervisors in this re
gard. Xo one can be so well posted on wheth
er a bill should be allowed or not as the trus
tees. In this instance the superintendent only
learned by accident that Fetray was not on
duty. He cannot be expected to know what is
taking place in the various districts of the
county.
The District Attorney has decided
that the action of a Board of School
Trustees in drawing a warrant on the
County Treasurer cannot be reviewed
by the County Superintendent of
Schools, and the point is one of much
interest to the teachers thrc-ughoilt the
county.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 3.
District Attorney Rules That
Superintendent of Schools
Cannot Pass on Warrants
BUBPRISE 3IAXIFESTED
SCHOOLS TO BE CLOSED
INVITED TO JOIN CLUB
STABBING IN THE RIOT
PETRAY TO GET HIS PAY
Women Students at Univer
sity Are to Be Asked Not
to Wear Feathers on Hats
Teachers Hope Salaries 3Iay
Not Hereafter Be \ Cut
on Account of Sickness
Authorities at Portland Ap
pealed To When Sea-Going
Frenchmen Have Battle
Mrs. J. B. Hume Steps Out
as Head of the Exclusive
Ebeli Society, of Women
Day on Which First Train
Arrives Will Be Observed
as ; a General Holiday
EXPECT CO -EDS
TO SAVE BIRDS
RESIGNS POST
AS PRESIDENT
SAILORS FIGHT
WITH WEAPONS
TRUSTEES ARE
SOLE JUDGES
WILL WELCOME
THE SANTA FE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 4, 1904.
AGED PIONEER
JOINS MAJORITY
OF ARGONAUTS
OAKLAND, May 3.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by thn.
County Clerk to-day: Otto M. Gelsen
hofer, 22, and Ethel BlankenshiD, IS,
both of San Leandro;"Angelo- Carbon -
ari, 34, San Francisco, and Guilia Fed
erigli, 24, Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, May 3.— Suit for $20,000
damages was begun to-day for Claude
L. As3alena by his guardian, Mary J.
Robinson, against the Oakland Transit
Consolidated and the People's Express
Company for injuries inflicted on the
child in a collision between a car and
a truck.
6
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
214S Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4593.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYSAN JOSE, May 3.— Harry Ford, a
fugitive paroled prisoner from Kansas,
where he is under a fourteen years'
sentence for forgery, Is In jail here,
and says he will waive extradition pa
pers and return to Kansas with the
officer who Is 'coming for him.
Fugitive Is Willing to Return.
WILLOWS, May 3.— At a meeting of
the Democratic Central Committee of
Glenn^County held this afternoon the
following were selected as delegates to
the State convention: Benjamin F.
Geis, A. J. BurgI,D. A. Schelloe and
Joe Reidy. The delegates were not Inv
structed. *
Glenn Delegates Not Instructed.
Vessel Carrying Five Men Supposed to
Have Foundered Off Cape
Flattery.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 3.— The fish
ing schooner Ella G. is believed to have
foundered In the recent storms off Cape
Flattery. She carried a crew of five
men. " :^:^"'.>
SCHOONER AND CREW
MAY HAVE BEEN LOST
BAKERSFIELD. May 3.— D. B. Has
klns, a Southern Paciflc brakeman, was
killed at Cameron, about fifty miles
south of Bakersficld, last night. His
body was found near the water tank.
Death had resulted from a fall from
the train or by contact with the pro
jecting spout of the water tank. He
was last seen alive by the engineer
when he started over the train from
the engine and was not missed until
the train reached Mojave.
Southern Pacific Employe Dies Near
a Water Tank South or.
Bakers Held.
BRAKEMAN LOSES LIFE
BY FALL FROM TRAIN
It is estimated that half a million
New Yorkers are awake and busy,
legitimately and otherwise, all night.
STOCKTON. May 3.— The City Council and
the Board of Supervisors to-day decided not
to purchase, votlns machines this year and
a motion carried In the meetlnK of the Super
visors to drop the matter. The officials feel
that the price charged for the machines, is ex
cessive.
"WILLITS. May 3.— Deputy State
Game Warden Lea arrested Ed Pate
and Marlon Silket of this place yester
day for killing deer out of season. The
men were brought before Justice Ken
worthy this morning, pleaded guilu
and were fined $25 each.
Court Fines Mcndoclno Hunters.
The case promises Interesting fea
tures when tried on May 12. Several
prominent young men are stated to be
implicated.
SALINAS, May 3. — A scandal devel
oped in the police department here last
night when Chief Hansen preferred
charges against Patrolman H. j M.
Croger, formerly of San Jose, alleging
that he had assisted a woman to es
cape from the City Prison and after
ward was paid money by her for so
doing.
Salinas Official Accuses a Subordinate
of Aiding Woman to
Escape.
POLICE CHIEF SAYS
PATROLMAN IS GUILTY
President. Charles McKenna; vice president,
ji Butcher: • recording secretary, M. B. Per
eeans; financial secretary. J. T. McGuire;
culde. William Ryan: insida guardian. J.
Martin; business aeent. E. Hanlon: trustees —
W. A Russell and P. CConor. The election
of treasurer was postponed until the next
meeting. May 15.
At the last meeting of the Janitors'
Union the following officers were elect
ed for the current term:
the following committee on arrange
ments for its annual ball, which will
be held in Native Sons' Hall on next
Saturday night:
C. E. Duncan. W. E. Nelson, J. J. Gjriffln,
P. P. Pallieu. J. J. Garanhty and V. I~M3um
mo. Reception — P. W. Buckley. George Ames,
W. R. HaKerty, Joseph Maginnls. P. J. Spear
man, R. Zolner. F. Lander and F. Brancli.
Floor— J. Lally. J. A. Kelly. J. A. Richie. G.
Gheen. F. Sullivan, W. A. Himelmann and D.
O'Xelll. Floor manager — Philip May. Assist
ants — J. Craze and James Cruden.
jThe thirty-seventh annual conven
tion of the Northern California Sun
day-School Association will be held at
Paciflc Grove from June 21 to June 24.
Sunday-School Convention.
The Santa Fe office reports the begin
ning of a big travel to Yosemite Valley.
It will soon be extremely difficult to se
cure seats on stages. This is due to the
popularity of Santa J"e service and the
fact that their road lies directly through
the famous California Bis Trees.
Information and folders about Yosem
ite free at 641 Market street. •
Enormous Yosemite. Travel.
REDDING. May 3.— At the first
meeting of the new Board of Trustees
last evening there was a general up
heaval In city appointive ofTlcers. Part
of It came as a surprise to the public.
George O. Perry supersedes Charles H.
Braynard as City Attorney, George W.
Bush Is made City Recorder, Chris
Stabler succeeds G. H. Cochran as
street superintendent, and O. D. Shal
lerck gets a position on the police, force,
vice E. B. Bainbrldge. There was only
one appointive office In which no
change was made.
Removal of a Number of the City's
Officers Surprises the
Public.
TRUSTEES IN REDDING •
MAKE MANY CHANGES
WASHINGTON, May 3.— J. G. Goodwin of
Aurora. III., has b^ren selected by Postmaster
General Payne for the position of Assistant
Attcrnty General for the Postofflce Deport
rr>ent.
PIONEER EDUCATIONAL
INSTITUTION BURNED
Drew College. In New York, Is De
stroyed, Causing a Loss of
$100,000.
CARMEL. N. Y.. May 3.— Drew
College, one of the pioneer educa
tional institutions In the country, was
destroyed by fire to-day, entailing a
loss of $100,000, with 525,000 insur
ance. All of the students, members of
the faculty and servants escaped.
I.ADS TO BKCOME
MIDSHIPMEN IN NAVY
Announcement Made of Successful
"« " * Candidates in Kxumination at
Annapolis.
.'. AXXAPOLIS. May 3. — The naval
ncftdesxy authorities to-day announced
/he names of the candidates who were
.successful in the recent examination
for admission to the naval school here
as midshipmen. They include E. E.
JonnsotC R. B. Jones, R. K. Turner,
.i;. Et White. California; E. F. Wilson,
J. II. MeGooL Washington; M. C. Pig
jrott. Montana, and J. M. Sutton,
"Oreg-on.
GILROY, May 3.— George T. Dunlap
has been elected Mayor over Dr. H.
Chesbro by a majority of 108 votes.
Other officers chosen were: Clerk, D.
M. Hoover; Treasurer, Henry Hecker;
Marshal and Tax Collector, A.* B.
Ward; Councilmen — V. Prudhomme,
J. H. Princeville, Marshall Rice,
George Milias, R. Wood and George
Seay.
Mayor Dunlap is the president of
the South Santa Clara Fruit Drying
and Packing Company and is president
and manager of the George T. Dunlap
Realty and Produce Company. He is
closely identified with the interests of
this section.
Prominent Resident of tlie Santa
Clara County Town Succeeds in
the Election.
DUXLAP THE WINNER
OP GIIjROY MAYORALTY
OURAY, Colo.. May 3. — Fully
seventy-five affidavits have been pre
pared here to be used in contempt
proceedings to be instituted before
Judge Stevens at Telluride when the
District Court opens there May 10.
The defendants are members of the
Telluride Citizens' Alliance and others
who participated in ihe forcible de
portation of sixty to seventy-five
strikers from that city on the night of
March 14 last.
Judge Stevens' Court Will Be Busy
With Tcllurlde Affairs.
MANY UP FOR .CONTEMPT.
The master horseshoers report that
they are able to -handle all the work
sent to their shops, notwithstanding
that their employes quit out of sym
pathy for the stablemen. Hack drivers
find no trouble In securing work from
their employers. This union declined
to walk out when the trouble arose with
the stablemen. The harnessmakers
who quit work at L. D. Stone & Co.'s
shop have returned to the benches, an
agreement satisfactory to both sides in
the controversy having been signed.
Amalgamated Woodworkers' Union
No. 15 by an almost unanimous vote de
clled to withdraw from the amalgam
ated union and Join the United Broth
erhood of Carpenters.
Machinists' Lodge No. 68 appointed
HORSESHOERS STILLi OLT.
No Agreement Has Yet Been
Reached ; Between Stable
men and Their Employes
Labor, unions are already making
preparations for a grand celebration of
Labor day. The local bodies have made
a start by appointing the following
committee on arrangements :.
She«t Metal Workers' Union No. 279, "W. M.
Comerford;. Sheet Metal Workers' Union No.
104, James J. Pcnely; Amalgamted Carpenters'
Union, William W. Freeland; Woodworkers'
Union No. 15, Henry Thieler; Bricklayers'
Union No. 7. E. J. Brandon; Bridge and Struc
tural Iron Workers' Union No. 31. George H.
Ingle; Brlckworkers' Union No. 123. E. Dur
ham; Brass and Chandelier Workers' Union No.
159, John J. Klrby; Material Team Drivers'
Union No. 216, John J. Monahan; Carpenters'
Union No. 95. I. V. »Enes; Carpet Mechanics'
Union, E.'n. Hardy: Casters 1 and Modelers'
Union Joseph S^iepleton; Cement Workers'
Union No. 1, H. S. Beyers; Cement Laundry
Tray Workers' Union, J. F.. Rellly; Elevator
Operators' Union No. 10.324, W. H. Harvey:
Klevator Constructors' Union No. 8. William
Kay; Electrical Workers' Union No. 6. F. Has
kell; Felt and Composition Roofers' Union, C
P. St. John; Furniture Handlers' Union No. 1,
Eugene F. Duffy; Gas and Electric . Fix
ture Hangers' Union. E. W. Carpenter; House
movers' Union, M. F. Clark; Housesmlths' and
Architectural Iron Workers' Union No. 7S,
John Hoffman; Hoisting Engineers' Union No.
59. F. P. Thomas; Laborers' Protective Union
No. 8944. E. J. E>eaver; Lumber Clerks' Asso
ciation. A. T. McCabe; Laborers' Protective
Association, Patrick Hannon; Marble Cutters'
Union No. 44, John McDougald; Mantle Grate
and Tile Setters' Union. Maurice J. Klrwan;
Millwrights' Union No. 766, W. R. Graff: Mill
men's Union No. 42.1. W. Bemlsa; Plumbers,
Gas and Steam Fitters' Union No. 442, John
Coefleld: Plasterers' Union No. 66. A. Falk;
Painters' Union No. 19, A. E. Smith; Sign
Writers' and Pictorial Painters' Union No. 510.
W. J. X. Robinson: Steam Pipe and Bollfr
Coverers' Union No. 1, H. G. Dougherty;
Steam Engineers' Union No. 64, Daniel J.
O'Brien; Shlnglers' Union No. t, tV. H. Joy;
Tent and Awning Makers' Union Ts'o. 1, H.
W. Miller; United Glass Workers' Union, Mark
Taylor; Varnishers' and Polishers' Union No.
134 C. M. Habyl; Wood Carvers' and Model
ers'' Union. L. U. Hoffman; Window Shad-
Workers' Union, P. B. Coe; Wood, Wire and
Metal Lathers' Union. Walter M. GUI: dele
gates-at-large, T./ Parkinson, J. P. Horgan
and Secretary O. A. Tveltmo*.
The annual outing of Galileo and Al
pinl groves, Order of Druids, which is
to take pjace at El Campo on Sunday,
May 15, promises to be a success. A
statement to the effect that a non
union band was to furnish music for
the occasion Is Incorrect. The music
will be furnished by the Paciflc Coast
Musicians' Union, an organization rec
ognized by all labor unions as being In
harmony with existing union rules.
PROSPERITY AT SACRAMENTO.
Reports received from Sacramento
state that several firms that had placed
"open shop" notices In their places of
business have taken the sign down and
are now. running with union hands.
Cloakmakers' Union No. 8 has de
cided not to send a delegate from this
city to the fifth annual convention of
the union to be held In Boston next
month. A large attendance of members
Is expected to be present at the meet
ing to-night, when the amendment to
the constitution will be discussed. The
amendment, if it should be carried, will
impose monthly dues on all male mem
bers of $1 50, and on all females 50
cents.
There is no change in the struggle
between the Carriage Owners' and Sta
blemen's Association and the union
members that quit worlc Reports from
all the stables in the city are to the
effect that there are no vacancies for
stable hands. Tne sign "open shop" Is
pasted up in all stables.
Two Canadian and two United States
parties will survey the country where
the boundary will cross the headwaters
of the Lynn canal, Chllkat River. A
joint party will make a survey in the
Stickeen. This will delimit the more in
portant districts . through which the
boundary will pass. C. A. Riddeger of
Ottawa and White Fraser will be In
charge of the two Canadian parties.
Neither King nor Tillman, the Ameri
can Commissioners, will go to Alaska
this year.
The total distance to be surveyed ex
tends about 550 miles from Mount St.
Ellas east and south. But it Is not the
Intention to survey the entire distance,
only that portion of the boundary
which crosses the rivers, .valleys and
plateaus where' travel and prospecting
will be probable. J. J. McArthur Is
also en route to British Columbia from
Ottawa to continue the work of relo
cating the boundary line between
British Columbia and the States of
Washington and Idaho.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 3.— W. F.
King, Canadian Boundary Commission
er, is en route to Vancouver to arrange
for the dispatch of three Canadian par
ties of surveyors, who are to work
jointly with the American surveyors In
delimiting the Alaskan boundary un
der the London award of last year.
The first day's session, of the Grand
Court was called to order at the opera
house this morning at £0 o'clock, and
when the roll was called of the 280 del
egates to the session 250 presented their
credentials. After the preliminary busi
ness i the annual message of Grand
Chief Ranger Gabriel was received. In
It he. pointed out some Improvements
that could be made. The reports' of all
the Grand Court officers were received
after the court had decided to hold a
daily session both morning and after
noon. The several committees were ap
pointed and the court adjourned until
to-morrow morning.
This evening the grand ball at the
Fair Grounds pavilion was given and
several hundred people were present.
Among the prominent Foresters of the
State who are here besides those men
tioned are the following members of
the Grand Court: Samuel J. Samuels,
deputy supreme chief ranger; J. Heen
an, past grand chief ranger: H. Foley,
grand sub-chief ranger: J. W. Hughes,
C. P. Rendon and John J. Cordy, ail
past grand- chief rangers; H. Haab,
grand senior beadle, and D. Tear,
grand trustee.
HANFORD, May 3.— The sixteenth
annual session of the Grand Court of
Foresters of America began in this city
to-day, and to-night hundreds of dele
gates and visitors from all parts of the
State have possession of the city and
are enjoying themselves thoroughly.
By the time the last train had arrived
last evening the executive committee
estimated the number of Foresters then
in the city at 300,' and to-day fully 250
arrived on two other special trains. The
first train to arrive was around the
Santa Fe loop, at 11 o'clock, and
brought the Tulare County contingent,
numbering about 250, of which Court
Mount Whitney of Tulare had fully
eighty members, this being the largest
delegation from any one court. ...
This train also had the Dinuba con
cert band with it, and was met by a
large delegation of local Foresters and
delegates. The visitors were conducted
to the committee headquarters, where
accommodations were provided for all.
At 1:30 o'clock the officers of the
Grand Court and 125 delegates paraded
to the courthouse grounds and then to
the Santa Fe depot to meet the third
special excursion. This one came from
Fresno and had fifty-five delegates and
as many visitors on board. The dele
gates all wore red coats and hats and
tarried Japanese parasols.
The grand parade was then formed,
with the Sixth Regiment band, the
Dinuba concert band and the Fresno
military band. The delegation from
Court Yosemite No. 72 of Fresno and
the Grand Court officers In carriages
were in the lead. "When the parade had
been formed and was marching it
reached for seven blocks. After the
march through the business portion of
town the delegates broke ranks at the
City Park, where the address of wel
come was delivered by Mayor Widmer.
lie presented the city key to Grand
Chief Ranger Henry A. Gabriel, who
responded briefly - to the Mayor's re
marks and thanked the citizens for the
hospitable treatment. Senator Edward
Wolfe, junior past grand chief ranger,
was also called upon for a few re
marks.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Intense excitement reigned, and a
crowd of several thousand people gath
ered from all directions. The majority
of the women did not remain long to
witness the gory spectacle, and those
that did looked on with blanched faces.
At the hospital Chief Surgeon C. F.
Millar, assisted by Emergency Surgeon
Pinkham, put forth every effort to save
Capp's life, but without avail. It re
quired- all of the hospital attendants to
hold him on the table, and not until
sheer exhaustion ensued from loss of
blood did, he cease his struggles. From
several sonnets found in his possession
unrequited love may have deranged his
mind. Letters from Plymouth, Ohio,
show that he owned some property In
that city. Deceased resided at 512 Ma
son street, and as far as can be as
certained was unmarried. At the St.
Francis Hotel those in charge were reti
cent and nothing concerning the dead
man could be ascertained. The body
was removed to the Morgue by Deputy
Meehan.
After almost decapitating himself
•with a pocket knife with suicidal in
tent,- Barney Capp, a window washer
employed at the St. Francis Hotel, en
gaged in a sensational battle with Pa
trolman Jim Pearl last evening, a'nd it
required the efforts of four officers to so
manacle him that he could be conveyed
to the Central Emergency Hospital for
treatment. He died at that Institution
on the operating table.
About 5 o'clock last evening pedes
trians on Geary street, near Powell,
were horrified to see the demented man
draw a knife across his throat, and, as
his life blood ebbed away from the sev
erance of the jugular veins, calmly
promenade In front of the hotel until
the arrival of Patrolman Pearl, who
had been called by a citizen.
Pearl approached Capp and grabbed
him by the arm, but the unfortunate
man upon seeing the officer became a
raving maniac. Pearl attempted to
throw him to the ground, but Capp
fought furiously. Pearl finally suc
ceeded in throwing Capp over the
wheel of a carriage at the curb. With,
the assistance of Patrolman Attridge
and several bystanders the handcuffs
were placed on the demented man and
he was placed in an ambulance.
TOPEKA, Kans., May 3.—Approxi
mately 5000 men are out on the Santa
Fe system to-day, as claimed by Presi
dent O'Connell of the International As
sociation of Machinists. This statement
is based on reports received this morn
ing. Of the 5000 about 1200 are machin
ists and the others are boilermakers,
blacksmiths, tinsmiths, copper workers,
helpers and semi-skilled laborers of the
allied metal mechanics. The reports
say that twenty-one shops and round
houses are affected, all shops west of
La Junta, Colo., to the Paciflc Coast
being completely tied up.
BAKERSFIELD. May 3.— Absolute
quiet prevailed around the Santa Fe
shops in this city, where the machinists
went out yesterday. None of them vis
ited the company's reservation since
leaving, in obedience to the orders of
the union. The roundhouse is being
guarded by special deputies- and no one
is allowed to enter without a pasa, so
as to prevent any possibility of damage
being done the property by Irresponsi
ble persons.
j.-'untry. he believed, is In good shape
t-j look after its financial requirements.
*.'il)ugh't more conservatism was being
fhowj there' than here and that the
-KEW YORK. May 3.— President E.
'If. Harriman of the Union Pacific and
Southern Pacific roads, who has just
returned from a tour of Inspection of
'those properties, gave an informal in-
Jorview to-day dealing •with some ob
jervations made by him during his trip.
He .eays he found conditions in the
•\\Yst- and Southwest much better than
fce thought they would be at the
time he made his previous trip to those
MCtlOBs last fall. At that time, he
c'aid, .the extreme depression in the
*t<?clv market and unsettled conditions
£oner*illy in this part of the country
•Vere clearly reflected In the West and
jSouthwest.
•'¦ Conditions now are so much better
that^ he felt warranted in ordering
C'iore equipment for the Harriman roads
than. he originally intended to do. Re
garding the Southern Paciflc, Harri
man said that the road was now be
ginning to see daylight in the matter
pf extraordinary expenses. Speaking of
the L.ucin cut-off near Salt L4ke City,
¦which has been a source of great ex
pci»se.and has baffled the skiU of the
b^st 'railway engineers, Harriman said
fhat freight trains were now being
run over it, but It was not deemed
advisable to carry passengers. Harri
si«an 6aid he had not given much
thmight to the matter of dividends on
The Sciuthern Pacific, but intimated
Yhet once dividends were begun they
¦w eyld be continued. Crop conditions
3n the West and Southwest, according
to. Harriman. were much better than
.}he government reports indicated.
• Of the West as a whale, he said he
Company Has Posted Watch
men on Its Property as? a
Safeguard AgainstDamage
Mayor Makes Address, the
Grand Parlor Begins Work
and Ball Enlivens Night
Satisfactory Conditions, He
...Says. Will Warrant Adding
More Equipment to Roads
fommissioners Tillman and
King Will Not Go to North
ern Country This Year
t
Gory and Sensational Scene
Causes Intense Excitement
in Front of St. Francis
PARADE ON THE STREETS
AMERICANS DEFERWORK
STEIIvERS ABE OKDERLY
PEACE AT CAPITAL CITY
DIES AT THE HOSPITAL
itTIX Gl'T-OFF UNSAFE
Members of Various Unions
Are Already Making Prep
arations for Labor Day
Residents of Decorated Han
ford Give Greeting to the
Hundreds of Delegates
After Almost Decapitating
Himself, Barney Capp En
gages in Wild Struggle
Canadian Surveyors Soon to
Leave for Alaska to Re
arrange the Possessions
Harriman Talks About His
.Tour and Says the Out
' .look in the West Is Fine
Tie-Up of Santa ,Fe Shops
From La Junta,. Colorado,
to California Is Reported
PLAN A GREAT
DEMONSTRATION
BOUNDARY LINE
WILL BE FIXED
CITY WELCOMES
THE FORESTERS
BLOODY BATTLE
WITH A MANIAC
MAGNATE LIKES
THE SITUATION
FIVE THOUSAND
EMPLOYES QUIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; MAY 4, 1904.
STANFORD UNIVEIlSirY, May 3.—Vol
ume 11 of ' the Stanford "Quad" ' was issued
thU morning and the entire issue of 600 copies
was rabidly sold. It is a meritorious ¦ publi
cation.
7
The World's Way
To the Worlds Fair
Through Standard and
Tourist Sleepers.
St. Louis * $67.50 UNr / TRIP .
Chicago . * $72.50
May 11, 12, 13; June 1. 2, 15, 16, 22, 23
Jf you are thinking of making a trip East, please fill out
•the accompanying coupon and mail to this office.
C. A. RUTHERFORD, D. P. A..
623 Market St., San Francisco.
1 expect to leave for ..V «
Please quote rounTtrlp rate-
Advise me what the Rock Island's through car arrange-
ments arc. Do I change cars? If so, where?
Mall me copy of World's Fair literature.
I11IIH VklKlllil <~» a DiiTurDrnon
i? X^^L'^S2miix KU I nCinrUnU,
fffSytSj Al (nil HSR District Passongor Accnt,
ti$llJ7^^^&*B €23 Market St., San Francisco.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PH7LS.
R-HDCHaaHaSHEEBBBHEKHHHHHfflHaaBHHSHBBSHHBBHa^^
f Never Know When j
g A stitch, a twitch or a twinge in back will strike you. -S£ _^^^^* ii<a * g
jj The" aches and pains of a bad back strike you any time. r^pjISii - a °
S Kidneys will go wrong, and when the kidneys fail the back JSip" **S%2i!^ "
o Backache attacks alike the busy business man, the me* jjl-xk \SLjiti$Ms^ "
a chanic, the woman at her shopping or household duties, the 3
a old folks, the children and all who have sick kidneys. Kid- • '^jJJjfjH i^lp||ii^ *
¦ neys are no respecter of persons, time or place— they will get l^P^^*^»^^^^w "
jjj sick when overworked. Doan's Kidney Pills cure all Kid- g^^ ¦
_ . 1 rid' PlVv ; >55 : 55^*«**>'vv»n~^**** > «*' n^^ ag
S »¦»*»"¦"*? ' i San Francisco Proof 1 I
¦ ||W^L^ S| Irs - V - Powell (V. Powell, night watchman) of 272 B
H 5D^ T*v«.w,$^EIiV Harriet street says : ''I know of a case of kidney complaint,, g
¦ Cnnm»m?Sar probably due to the contraction of a cold, where Doan's Kid- ¦
Jj WAMt . . ney Pills were .used and the treatment stopped very severe jj
a P ;^" '" •-¦'¦¦ ¦- aching across the small of • the back. This was some ¦
¦ yr^p' ' months ago and sincethen there has not been any indication J
¦ >,rWtrwiK^»anW«™». £ of z return. I have seen accounts in our. newspapers in San D
§ i^; M i£3n^^ o ai!!rL £*»5Z ! Francisco of others. who. were, just as pronounced in their ¦
5; .'"*""* — ¦• ~ "¦¦ ' ¦" ¦>', estimation of Doan's Kidney Pills as I.\ u
ADVEBTISEICENTS.
n "~' ¦'""'"'
DUST wont stick to it
Wet wont penetrate it
Easy rubbing — quick
Saves your shoes — saves
your dimes.
No turpentine, no grease,
no "waste.
There's cleanness, conve-
nience and economy.
At all Reg* 1 S t»re»— 25 Centh
J}ressinf$
*?/GraflsfiocsandTcj/ha$
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STORE,
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
WOMEN'S STORE,
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
DDTTCIJI7C roR BAnBERS. ba-
OilLl^ril!i^ kera^ bootblacks, tut".
MAtwwxAuw houses. btlHard t*t»*«.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers. c«rn«-».
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. shoe factorlj*.
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, taniww, tailors, etc
BUCHANA2V BE03.,
Brmh Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is tne only cure for Nervous ul
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour DruBwisi vr at jys M.MOHT ST..
. Sao Francisco. CaL
OCEAN TBAVEI*
Steamers leave Broadway
/SV^-^QX. wharves, piers 0 and XI.
fit%^ San Francisco. •
/ < */t53>"*%» \-*\ Fl>r Ketchlkan. Wringti,
I / V»T*iSx I I Juncau. Ilaines, Skagway.
I X \W&9 I I p tc. Alaska— It a. m.. May
W \\ ltw7 5 - 10 - 15 « 20 - :5 - so - Juae *•
VqSOJ^iC)/ Change to Company's tteam-
N^Ai«*i\?.X ers at Seattle.
Xlly ; For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Bel.
Ungham — 11 a. m.. May 5. 10. 15. 20. 23. 'M.
June 4. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at SeatU*
or Tacoraa to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. May 4 10. IB. 22. 28; Spokane. 1:30
p. m.. May 1. 7. 13. 19; Corona. May 25. 31.
For Los Aneeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, a a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Cast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mou>
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta, 0 a. m.. May 7. 13. 23, 31. Juna S.
Santa Cruz. 9 a. m. (freight only). May 3. 11.
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos« del
' Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of eaei
month For further Information, obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sailing
TICKET OFFXCSS — ? New Montgom-
ery st (Palace HoteD.10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves, rreijht Office 10 Market st.
C D. DUNASS, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Paciflc Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check bajrsrare from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
NOME
— AXD— i
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. ST. PAUL
. CAPTAIN C. E. UNDQCIST. :
(Carrying U. S. Malls.)
FROM SAX FRANCISCO DIRECT.
JUNE 2 — v^S F». /VI.
Connectlnsr with the Company's Steamers for
All BERING SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's River Steamer*
for Fairbanks «nd* all points on KOTCKU^.
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Appty to
SOSTHEES COMME3SCIAI, CO*
C23 Crossley building. Cor. Mission and Xv*>
Mcntgcmery sta.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAl. STEAMSHIP COO
Steamers will leava wharf, corner First aa4
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for TOKOHAiU
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Htofo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day ot laUlsc.
S S. AMERICA MARU
* Thursday. May 13, 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduce!
rates. For freight and passage apply- at Com.
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
* W. H.' AVERT. General Agent.
o: r. & iv.co.
OREGON walls April 27, May 7. 17. 27. Jub*
C. 18 and 26. GEO. "W. ELDER sails May X
12, 22. June 1. 11 and 21. Only steamship Ila*
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rait Una from
Portland to all points East. Through ticket*
to all points. Steamer tickets tnclud* berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass,
Dept.; 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
oecanicS.s.ccES£?s
8 S SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs., May 5, 2 p. m.
8. B. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. May 14. 11 am.
S S MARIPO3A. for Tahiti. May 29, 11 a. m.
J.D.SPKCBLS fc BROI CO.,Alts.,Tic*!t OfflCS 613 Mir-
Ht St. risigut omeg 329 Mariet sl, Pisr 7, Pasin: sl
10XPA85IX 6X9I&ALI TBAXSATLAHTiqtJS:
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRiS-PARIS. M|
SaUlng every Thursday Instead of -jffiQgR|
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. WW
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Se«-
ond class to Havre. *« and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldtngj.
Vew Tcrkl J. F. FUGAZ1 & CO.. Paciflc O*»t
Acents. & Montgomery avenue. San Francjsco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and Vallajo Steam *r». .
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICKLLo—
8-43 a. m.. 3:13 and S:30 p. ra.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.."8UJa p. m. ¦ Leaves VaileJo
7 a. bl, 12:30 and 6 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* 50 c*a:.i
Tel. Main 150S. Pltr 2. MiMloa-at. tecs,
HATCH BROS.-
"• 4575515^5^55^:
'im^'^^WS^r^ You Can't Beat
\ JW It is growing with wonderful rapidity,
pw The seat of the greatest endowed univer- w||
j|f sity in the world. W|
[%/ San Francisco's Ideal Suburb. M
Bl 300 Beautifui Wooded Villa Sites Will Be 11
I I Sold at Auction Kj
11 SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1904j|
! Pk Special train leaves at 10:15 a. m. Mm
P Eound trip tickets, including lunch and drive ffimb
F : Pi&k> through university grounds, $1.00.
j . '"\ -¦'¦§g^ Fo p sale at our office. m$&*p£4When between Malta and Gibraltar,
on her way home to pay off, IL M. 8.
Diana struck a large whale some sixty
feet in length. The impact was not
felt, but the officer of the watch no
ticed, on taking bearings of an island
which the ship was passing, that she
was not making the headway which
was to be expected, and he then dis
covered that a large whale was im
paled on the ship's ram and was just
appearing above water. The ship was
stopped and the engines were reversed,
and as she went astern the whale
dropped ofL A similar' occurrence was"
recorded in the Daily Graphic in 1890,
when H. M. S. Immortallte ran into a
whale off the coast of Portugal while
on her way to England. On that oc
casion the collision between the ship
and" the whale was distinctly felt..
S pear ing a IV hale.
THE annual report of the Associated Charities of
San Francisco for- 1903 has just been issued and
contains a full and interesting explanation of the
year's work. The total receipts for the year amounted
to $10,551 88, and the expenditures to $5911 50, leaving a
balance on hand at the first of this year of $4640 38,
The actual income, however, for the year from donations
and subscriptions was $3730, and the expenses $5911, so
that there would -have been a deficit were it not for the
Miranda W. Lux bequest of $4623 91 received in June.
The report states that while there is much reason for
congratulation over the success of the year's work, the
expenses which must be incurred during, the present
year will amount to over $7000, or almost twice the in
come from subscriptions and donations in 1903. That
will necessitate $3500 additional frpm new subscriptions
and donations if the work contemplated is to be carried
out. The increase is desired more particularly to pro
vide a "Children's Department," to deal better with pov
erty and crime in its inception, in the belief that the hos-;
pital and reformatory are preferable to the prison and
asylum. The report shows the number of subscribers
for 1903 to have been 575, as against -45 for 1902, ana
that in the three years of the association's existence
3093 cases have been investigated.
The plan of having a central agency like the Associated
Charities, with a corps of experienced assistants acting
as an investigating committee for the various co-operat
ing charitable bodies of the city, obviates unsystematic
and purposeless giving by a number of different associa
tions and individuals working independently and without
organization. After all. the only real charity is that
which discriminates, for much the almsgiving ; not
based on a knowledge of , the particular case, tends to de
grade rather than to uplift.
The Associated Charities has an "Application and In-
ASSOCIATED CHARITIES.
Congress has Adjourned and the politician has been
swept from Washington and has been thrown broadcast
among us to continue the Presidential campaign that has
been so poorly concealed under the guise of proposed
legislation for months. The rubbish from the national
capital, however, will not affect the public mind or blind
it to'the real issues involved in the great political battle.
Our own service torpedoes, which
are made at Woolwich, at Portland
and at Leeds; the French service tor
pedoes, many of which are .made at
Toulon; the Russian service torpedoes,
which are made in Russia: the Ger
man service torpedoes, which are
made in Germany — all owe their ex
istence to the original invention of
Mr. Whitehead. an invention now more
than a generation old; and although
each national type differs somewhat
from every other, each still bears a
strong cousinly resemblance to the
service torpedo which the firm of
Whitehead makes to-day at Fiume, oh
the Adriatic, for, such powers as have
no torpedo manufacturing plant of
their own. Among these powers is
Japan.
It is true that the original White
head was a weapon that traveled on
the surface of the water only, while
the modern automobile torpedo is es
sentially a submarine engine. Many
years, nevertheless, have now elapsed
since the m:irvelous weapon, by steady
evolution, became extraordinarily per
fect and formidable, although it is
but right to add that its improvement
has been continuous from first to last,
and is not yet at a standstill. Strange
to say, however, the significance of the
automobile torpedo as a factor in
naval warfare is only now beginning
to receive adequate recognition. The
weapon has always had its enthusias
tic champions, of course, although
until quite recently they have been
the few, while its detractors have been
in the majority.
It was admitted that the automobile
torpedo had won successes during the
civil war in Chile, during the revolu
tionary fighting in Brazil and during
the conflict between Japan and China;
"but," said the wiseacres, "wait until
one of the leading naval powers is
concerned, and then you will see that
although the torpedo may be all very
well against South Americans or yel
low men, it won't work against civi
lized Europeans."
In spite of this sort of discourage
ment, which reached them from with
in the various services as well as from
without, torpedo officers have never
ceased to study and develop their fa
vorite weapon. They Increased it3
speed from ten or twelve to upward
of thirty miles an hour: they increased
its range from three or four hundred
to a couple of thousand, yards or more;
they increased its explosive carrying
capacity from thirty to nearly two
hundred pounds, and they increased
the accuracy of its submarine flight,
both lateral and vertical, until, even
in a cross-running tideway, its pre
cision could be depended upon. By
means of a device which is now being
perfected in America the speed of the
weapon can be increased to some for
ty miles an hour up to 2000 yards. The
process employed is a mere superheat
ing of the compressed air as it is fed
from the "flask," or reservoir, to the
driving machinery; and it involves lit
tle additional expense. We kndw -now
what the Japanese, acting not agafnst
careless and ignorant Celestials, but
against the finest officers and best
ships of a leading European navy,
have been able to do with this perfect
ed engine of destruction. Xo one will
ever again decry the power of the tor
pedo. — London Mail.
The Whitehead automobile torpedo
may be regarded as the parent of al
most all the automobile torpedoes
which are now in use in the navies of
the world.
The Torpedo.
HI E__fOKA MONROE BABCOCK. |
The report of the Mc-sley Educational
Commission to the effect that only men
Ehould be employed as teachers for
bovfi above ten years of age has been
rfollowed by a similar report from the
Mal«» Teachers' Association of Xew
York City.
.The reasons given by these superior
'•maie teachers for the discarding of the
"women "teachers, apparently to give
themselves more positions, is really
amusing. .;,
In order to substantiate his position.
Professor Henry E. Armstrong of Lon
don, in the Mosley Educational report,
has been obliged to admit what few j
men have been willing to do before. To
1>rcYe that women are incapable of
teaching boys above the age of child
"Through the entire period of her
existence woman has been man's slave,
and if the theory of evolution be in any
way correct there is no reason to sup
pose that she will recover from the
nttntal disabilities which this has en
tailed upon her within any period which
we for practical purposes can regard
as reasonable."
The conclusion is drawn that women
having been the slaves of men all these
ape* are not capable of teaching boys,
"but are all right for girls."
One cannot help wondering how such
. Inferior mothers can produce such won.
, derful sons, at least when we take into
" consideration the fact tnat sons, as a
rule, inherit the personal and intel
lectual traits of the mother and the
daughter those of the father.
We understand the traditions that
have been thrown around the life and
education cf girls has interfered with
the "full development of their faculties
and- until such restrictions are removed
it is impossible to judge to what heights
• a woman is capable of going, but ln
: stead' 'erf cementing this wall of preju
' still stronger around the education
-of women, thus preventing their further
"development, these learned men should
lend a helping hand to their sisters and
thus encourage them to develop their
God-given faculties unfettered by tra
ditions of the past.^. .
" T.he Mosley Educational Commission
. agrees that many women are effem
inizing the boys and one of them is
.reported as saying: "We want teach
ers who can give the boys a punch in
the head once in a while and teach them
• to do likewise."
The Male Teachers' Association of
New York City has a long list of griev
ances. "Women," they say, "have not
only crowded men out of the elemen
tary' schools, but are slowly forcing
* them out of the high schools." On ac
count of the "feminization of the teach
ing force" the girls outnumber the boys
• in the high school. In some cities 4
lo 1.
These learned men have also decided
that the maintenance of "so many
unmarried women teachers is one* of
. the agencies which tends to decrease
the number erf men and women who
marry, "thus prohibiting them (the
. women) from undertaking their more
* natural place in the world's work."
" "Man appeals to the boy through his
.sense of right and justice, but the wo
man appeals to the child through sen
timent." ;/.-/
These wise men would have us un
derstand that women have stolen the
profession of teaching from them
through their willingness to teach for
]om*>r wages, but they try to prove to
Cs that the "loss to the, boy in pelf-re
liance, courage, high purpose and man-
Jy character far outweighs the less
wages paid to ".omen."
I wonder it has never occurred to
thw*- men that th«» easiest and most
effectual way of ridding themselves of
the woman fearhcrs is to put all their
force into securing the passage of a
law requiring equal pay for equal work
in the public schools, irrespective of
rtx. and then if the people preferred to
have m*n teachers over their boys
"ft ere would not be this barrier of
wapes. and Justice would be done both
* the men and women teachers. It would
tfien be the one best fitted to fill the
r»osition. rather than the one who could
be obtained for the If-ast money, that
would s'vure the position. I really won
der if these men dare stand upon their
6>\n merit with a "fair field and no
favor." The women, I know, would be
only too glad to take their chances on
this basis.
' . Aftc r enumerating almost every evil
•imaginable as h result of so many
¦ women teacher-, like the loss of social
landing for the man when engaged in
e feminized profession, they conclude
•»y saying that "It is wrong to give
education over to a cla«s."
If thi* association thinks it wrong to
pive education over to a class. I would
Jike to aek what they think about glv-
Imr our Government over to a class.
Women are obliged to submit to a far
prcat^r Injustice through having the
Government, which they not only help
to sunport, but whope laws they must
obey, given entirely over to a class, and
one of the injustices to which they
must submit through this Injustice is
teaching in the public schools for from
one-half to two-thirds the salary paid
a man for the same work, but we never
bear a. word of protest from the Male
Teachers' Association against this in
justice* If they wish justice done to
themselves they had best first exhibit
a little of it toward their Bister teach
ers.
Max O'Rell had it about right when •
Women as Teachers.
treaties by other states with China up to the time of the
Russian occupation of Manchuria in 1900." But she is
only disposed to recognize treaties concluded since then
on condition that existing treaties between Russia 'and
China and Russian interests in Manchuria shall be un
prejudiced thereby. : This- 'applies tq our commercial
treaty with China concluded last July, opening new ports
in Manchuria.
The exa«perating- fact about that treaty is that our
State Department took pains to communicate its terms
to Russia before the exchange of ratifications, and Cas
sini, 'by order of his Government, on the 28th of last
June, conveyed Russian assent to that treaty, and imme
diately thereafter Russia, attempted, by threats made at
Peking, to prevent the ratification by China! Since the
treaty was ratified Russia has assumed to control the
ports which it openedto the trade of the world, and has
excluded from them our Consuls appointed in accordance
with the treaty!
So, when the Japanese stormed and carried the Rus
sian entrenchments mi the Yalu, slaughtered the Cos
sacks, captured artillery, took prisoners and set the Rus
sian army on the run, every genuine American approved
and applauded. Japan. stands for international faith and
fairness, and her diplomatic history is not stained by a
single lie, while that of Russia is not relieved or redeemed
by a single truth or. the keeping of a single promise.
None can foresee the fortunes of war, but if the struggle
in Eastern Asia continue as it has begun, the most brutal
and backward power now on earth will meet the very
ultimate of humiliation at the hands of enlightened and
civilized Japan, standing as the avenger of the nations
that have been deceived, lied to and victimized by Musco
vite trickery and deception.
Meantime, while the.se promises were pending, and in
defiance of our note, Russia sought to force China into
a separate treaty as to Manchuria. When our Minister
at Peking detected this intrigue it was promptly denied
by Lamsdorff, and by his order the denial was made offi
cially at Washington by Count Cassini. This impeached
our. Minister, who later furnished absolute proof, supplied
by the Tsung-li Yamen in the form of the text of the
treaty, that he had not misinformed his Government.
Russia then unblushingly admitted the attempt, but at
tempted to palliate her infamous conduct by arguing that
the treaty would not mean what its text stood for!
There followed the Russian seizure of Newchwang, a
treaty port, and this was followed by more promises to
get out- of Manchuria, every one of which was broken.
To crown her dishonor, after breaking her last promise,
Russia announced that she was "disposed to recognize
In 1901 our State Department, in a note, admonished
China against making separate arrangements with any
single power respecting Manchuria. This seems to have
been caused by a knowledge of Russia's design to take
advantage of her breach of faith in regard to evacuation
of the disputed province. Our diplomatic note left no
room for mistaking its purpose, which was the -guarantee
of the integrity of China. It was made the subject of
inquiry at St. Petersburg, and Count Lamsdorff assured
the British Minister^ that '.:_e Czar had no intention of
departing in any way from the assurance he had publicly
given that Manchuria would be entirely restored to its
former condition in the Chinese, empire as soon as cir
cumstances admitted."
Thereafter Russia was left to judge independently of
ihe time when circumstances would admit of such action.
She did so judge and fixed dates repeatedly for the evac
uation she had promised. The last promise made to the
United States was that Manchuria should be evacuated
last October. Thi«, like every Russian promise, was
broken.
THE sea victories of Japan have been followed now
by a significant but not decisive victory for her
land forces. While the reports are meager, it is
evident that the action on the Yalu is of great importance
to the islanders, aside from their capture of many guns
and much army stores and plunder. European military
critics have deprecated a Japanese advance into Man
churia. But the Japanese military strategists seem to
look upon that province as the Russian* base, in which
view it is important that it be seized.- Japan insisted, be
fore war began, upon the recognition of Chinese sover
eignty in Manchuria. In her behalf it. must be urged
that this was simply insisting that Europe, and especially
Russia, keep faith.
This association informs* us that it
is for the interest of the women teach
ers, as well as the boys, that fewer
women be employed.
We have always noticed that when
men try to take a thing that belongs
to women it is always for the good of
the women. When girls were not al
lowed to attend the public schools it
was for the good of the girls. When the
law gave everything a woman pos
sessed to her husband, who could will
it away from her at his death, it was
for the best interests of the women.
Man has protested against every step
in the progress of women, from learn
ing to read to having the ballot, and
then taunts her with havjn<? been the
slave of men, and consequently not
capable of teaching boys.
We who realize the struggles through
which ehe has been obliged to pasfe in
order to secure her present position in
the world may be pardoned if we look
with suspicion upon the action of the
Male Teachers' Association.
"Why should not women get all
this? Why? Simply because man, be
ing both 'verdict' and 'execution, 1 has
kept everything for himself."
he wrote "Are Men Fair to Women?"
He says: "To begin with, are men fair
to women? The laws, which are made
by men. the usages — everything is cal
culated to cause, men to reduce to a
minimum the qualities, the intelligent*
and the influence of women. For in
stance, let a woman make a reputation
in art or literature, and men begin to
smile and shrug their shoulders. They
dlspute her talent.
"I maintain, without fear of contra
diction, that a woman in ordej to suc
ceed in a profession must have ten
times more talent than a man, inas
much as a man will have friends and
comrades to help him. and a woman
only difficulties put in her way by man
to surmount.
"M»n receives encouragement from
all sides.
JAPAN IN MANCHURIA.
Two boys of Chicago fought recently over wh'at the
news reports are pleased to call the love of a girl. Mur
der was done and three families were sent reeling into
dishonor. It is sincerely to be hoped that. the. tragic in
cident will* not be accepted as an illustration of twentieth
century, child life in the Windy City.
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Special information supplied dally io
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allan's). 230 Cal
ifornia street, Telephone Main 1042. * ,
Auditor • Baehr believes that the Board of Public
Works can be conducted for the next fiscal yeaiXifor
one-half the sum that this strenuous bureau of the
municipality thinks it requires. To the ordinary layman
the primary question is not what the Board of Public
Works needs, but what "the city will get after the bureau
has finished its manipulations of. what it receives.
' TN ROME —^Subscriber. CUy. It Is
asserted that the phrase. "In Rome da
as Rome does," arose from the follow
ing incident given in one of St. Au
gustine's epistles: "Augustine was ia
the habit of dining upon Saturday as*
upon Sunday, but, being puzzled with
the different practices then prevailing
(for they had begun to fast at Rome
on Saturday), ho consulted St. Am
brose, the Bishop of Milan, on the
subject and the answer of the Milan
saint was: 'When I am here I do not
fast on Saturday ;^_when I am at Roma
I do fast on Saturday.' " Burton, in
his "Anatomy of Melancholy." says of
those persons who are always swayed
in mind and action by their surround
ings: "When they are at Rome they
do as they see done."
NAVIES— J. B., City. On the 1st of
January, current year, the three na
tions having the greatest number of
men and officers were: Great Brit
ain, 97.734; Russia. 62,715; France.
55. $77. The three having the 'greatest
number of vessels for effective service
were: Russia, 3S3; Great Britain. 33*?.
and Italy. 346. "Which are the throe
greatest naval nations in the world?'*
is a question that cannot be answered
until after each nation has been pui
to the test. The present war in the
Far East proves that a nation with a
small navy i3 worrying a much larger
one to a considerable extent.
UNIVERSITIES— E. E., Oakland.
Cal. The University of Washington 13
located In Seattle. Thomas F. Kane is
at the head of the institution; the Uni
versity of Oregon at Eugene City. P.
I_ Campbell; the University of Nevada
at Reno, J. E. Stubbs; the University
of Arizona at Tucson, H. C. Babcock;
the University of Montana at Mlssoula,
Oscar J. Craig, and the University of
Southern California at Los Angeles.
George H. Bovard. •
INDIVIDUALr-Subscrlber, City. Thq
word individual can properly be applied
to a single person, animal or thing of
any kind, but it is especially used in
relation to a human being.
The alterations now occurring In the
distribution in the solar system have
led Professor George Darwin to pre
dict that the moon will ultimately re
turn to the earth, which gave her sud
den birth so many ages ago; and it
may further be prophesied that the
planets and their satellites must ulti
mately yield to the gravitational influ
ence of our dying sun and must return
to the bosom of their parent. We must
conceive of the solar system of to-day,
then, as gathered Into one central mass
closely aggregated around that point
which from the beginning has consti
tuted its center of gravity. And what
will be the stage of this shrunken ob
ject? It will be a dark star, a dead
sun. There are myriads, such in the
heavens. Sir Robert Ball has said that
to count all the bright stars that we
can see and say "these are all there
are" would be like counting the.red-
IV hen the End Comes.
______ * **^'"'
Let down the bars; drive in the cows;
The west is dyed with burning rose;
Unhitch the horses from the ploughs,
{And from the cart the ox that lows,
And light the lamp within the house.
The whippoorwill is calling..
"Whip-poor-will, whip-poor-will."
¦Where the locust blooms are falling
On the hill:
The sunset's rose is dying.
And the whippoorwill Is crying.
"Whip-poor-will, whip-poor-will";
Soft, now shrill.
The whippoorwill is crying
"Whip-poor-will."
Th<> cows are milked: the cattle fed;
The last far streaks of evening fade;
The farm-hand whistles in the shed.
And in the house the table's laid;
The lamp streams on the parden-bed.
The whip-poor-will Is calling,
"Whip-poor-will, whip-poor-will."
Where the dogrwood blooms are falling
On the hill:
The afterglow is waning.
And the whippoorwill's complaining,
Wild and shrill.
The whippoorwill's complaining, .
"Whip-poor-will." ~
The moon blooms out, a great white rose;
The stars wheel onward toward the
-* west;
The barnyard cock wakes once and
crows;
The farm is wrapped in peaceful rest;
The cricket chirps: the firefly glows.
The whippoorwill Is calling.
"Whip-poor-will, whip-poor-will."
Where the bramble-blooms are falling
On the rill:
The moon her watch is keeping.
And the whlpnoorwtll is weeping.
'^Whip-poor-will, whip-poor-will"; '
Lonely still.
The whippoorwill is weeplnff;
"Whip-poor-will."
• —Madison Cawein. in May Atlantic.
Whippoonvill Time.
OREGON PAPER— Subscriber, City.
The first newspaper published in Ore-«
gon was the Spectator, issued in Ore-*
gon City In 1S46.
'Ansivers to Queries.
The chairman of the committee ex
plained its errand, stating that it was
desired to ornament the town's burial
ground, and incidentally asked Blank
for a subscription.
"Well, for my part I think it a very
foolish idea," said Blank. "Certainly
no one wants to break into the cem
etery: 'it's a sure thing that no one
can break out: so what's the use of
putting a fence around the place?"
One dav some of the aforesaid cit
izens deemed It advisable to put , a
fence around the city cemetery. A com
mittee waited on Blank in the hope
that he would contribute for the dead
where he would not do so for the liv
ing.
A certain rich man who recently de
parted- this sphere was a merchant in
Sonora in the early days, and although
possessed even at that time of con
siderable of the world's goods he was
not noted for his charitable deeds. Mr.
Blank, was always averse to sub
scribing for the public improvements
that had been projected in the town,
and whenever any such plan was set
on foot Blank was approached with
considerable misgiving on the part of
his more progressive fellow citizens.
No Fence Needed.
,A romantic story of the war, with a
very tragic ending, has reached Paria
from Russia, says the London Tele-
graph. Among the men belonging to a
Siberian regiment stationed at Port Ar
thur was a soldier named LlatnikofT.
who was popular with his comrade?,
but was often chaffed about his effemi
nate appearance. He had been selected
as servant by a young officer, at whose
quarters he lodged. One unlucky day
while he was on an errand he fell and
broke a leg.
Liatnlkoff . expressed a very strong
wish not to be taken to the hospital,
and as he was being conveyed thither
he took a penknife out of his pocket
and deliberately severed an artery in
his left arm. As the soldier on his ar
rival there was being undressed to be
put to bed the surgeons, to their
amazement, perceived that he was not
what he had represented himself tq be.
Liatnikoff, in fact, was a beautiful girl,
barely 13 years of age. Blood poisoning
supervened, and the patient had only
been three days in the hospital when
all hope of recovery had to be aban
daned. The young woman sent -for the
officer in whose service she had been
and implored him to marry her, re
minding him that it was her devotion
to him which had led her to pass her
self off as a man in order that sha
might follow him to the Far East. His
brother officers are also said to hava
pleaded her cause, but for some unex
plained reason he would not listen to
them. As 'soon, however, as he had
heard of the death of the poor girl who
had loved him so well he returned tq
his quarters and blew out his brains.
r Anolher Rosalind.
THERE are 30,000 acres of waving grain where old
Lake Tulare once afforded a home for fish and
fowl, so says the Hanford Sentinel. The hunter
and the fisherman have vanished from the locality aiid
farmers with agricultural implements have succeeded
the fishermen with their nets and lines and the hunters
with their guns. Wheat grows on the spot across which
in the memory of many living Californians a steamboat
plied. The grain crop on the old lake bed is estimated
to be worth $1,000,000. This is a complete transforma
tion worthy indeed to be recorded as it signifies the gen
eral movement in California of which it is a symptom.
The country around Los Angeles was once largely a
desert, and this is true of the thousands of orchard bear
ing acres, rich in' oranges and other semi-tropical fruits,
that make grateful the present landscape about a score
or more of thriving southern communities. Once the
Sacramento Valley was, thought to be valuable only as a
great wheat area. It is now demoted to the production of
so many sorts of vegetation that' a mere enumeration
would be cause for the people of less favored lands to
wonder. The same is true of the San Joaquin Valley.
There the raisin industry has taken on large propor
tions and is world famous. Oranges grow successfully,
from the commercial point of Anew, in several degrees
of latitude in California. The dry and parched lands
have been transformed. Their merits have been discov
ered. Vineyards wave their green foliage in the breezes;
olives, cereals and deciduous fruits guarantee . comfort
and opulence.
San Francisco may be less regarded by the present
generation as the "scene of the most wonderful transfor
mation of all, but such it is. What the sand dunes are
that lie south of Point Lobos and between that broad
avenue and Golden Gate Park, what the vast accumula
tions of sand in many parts of the city west of First
avenue are, show the exact appearance, of a great part of
San Francisco within the memory of the pioneers.
Golden Gate Park was made possible by the planting of
bunch grass and the subsequent plantations of trees that
would thrive with comparatively little water in sandy
wastes.
Parks and avenues that were daily clouded with great
volumes of flying dust have been oiled and the road
beds are thereby bound down, just as 'securely as the
fleeting sands that used to scud before the stiff summer
breezes from the Pacific Ocean have been anchored by
bunch grass and by windbreaks formed of trees and mis
cellaneous vegetation. The great Western Addition was
made of sand very largely. Where there are stately
mansions the boys used to chase jackrabbits and eat
wild blackberries that thrived on sunny exposures amid
the sandhills.
Death Valley has become the seat of a great borax
industry. Mines that produce gold abundantly have
been developed on the Mojave and Colorado deserts.
The greatest productive oil field in California, that which
is known as the Kern River field, takes the place of
former sand wastes, and busy industry there delves for
wealth and revolutionizes the manufactures of a State
with cheap fuel that is extracted from beneath the sands.
Man has torn down high hills and even mountains with
the hydraulic mining process, and the topography of cer
tain sections has been completely metamorphosed.
Along the Feather and A'uba rivers the modern gold
dredging machine has become a great producer of wealth.
The deposits of the precious metal that have been swept
down by floods for thousands of years have been dis
covered. Where orcharded areas have succeeded the
yearly wheat fields by the river banks dredgers for gold
have come to effect another transformation. The or
chards have been pulled up and destroyed. The land in
which they, stood* and thrived has been turned over, and
again the topography of a country has been changed
markedly.
The topography of San Francisco suffered a great
change. In the early days Montgomery street was the
water front. Long wharves were extended into, the bay
to facilitate landing. The sandhills were thrown down
to fill up the spaces between the wharves, and the city
gradually advanced to the present line of the seawall,
where it will permanently stop.
These are but a few of the transformations. *Wher
ever there has been constructed an irrigation system the
character of the products and not ?ess of the population
has changed: Los Angeles crowns its hills 'with homes
and orchards and then finds oil, and lo! an army of der
ricks and an industrial transformation. These are but
a few instances. Truly this is a wonderful land. ¦'•
LAND OF TRANSFORMATIONS.
A Chinese revolutionist was landed recent^' at this
port and is now agitating his opinions of change and
upheaval among his countrymen in their communities
in the United States. If the Oriental iconoclast will sug
gest "a revolution in everything his fellows among us
have his coming may be accepted as an unmixed blessing.
Any change in the manners and methods of resident
coolies will be an improvement.
hot horseshoes in England and saying
"this is the total number." Thi3 dark-,
to-be will therefore be Just such an
other as millions more. There will be
no life upon it. We cannot conceive
the terror of its cold, for the nebula
has been dissipating energy In the form
of light and heat Into the chilly depths
of intersidereal space ever since tha
first hour of its longaeval shrinkage.
What Is the destiny of this dead sun,
among whose constituent atoms, re*
member, will be those In the printer's
ink before your eyes and those in tha
eyes themselves? Are" they forever—*
"stable In desolation," as Stevenson has
it— to be. borne onward through infinite
space? 'No; this shriveled globe, ths
common tomb of sun and earth and
Mars and of the bodies of the great
that once breathed thereon, may live
again. Give it but the consuming, em
brace of such another voyage and In a
moment a new nebula will be bora.
The force of their Impact will suffice to
evaporate their substance into anothe?
cloud, which will repeat the history oi
the old. The path of the two dead suns
will determine the position of tha
"principal plane" which will form tha
ground plan of the new system.— C. W.
Saleeby, In Harper's Magazine for May.
At . this ship's tribunal Johnson
faced the captain. What the skipper
said to him could not be heard, but
at the close of the interview Johnson
meekly saluted and walked forward.
The explanation came next day
when the gunner confided to a fellow
officer that Johnson, who had been
given every night ashore, spent them
roystering about, then came aboard
ship, donned the helmet and suit and
slipped over the side of the ship, os
tensibly to clean the ship's bottom,
but really to sleep. His shipmates
were in on it of course.
The gunner's suspicions had been
aroused when he noticed that the air
bubbles that always appear on the
surface directly over a diver did not
vary a foot during all the time John
son was down. When he investigated
he found Johnson hanging like a huge
barnacle^to the side of the ship. His
arms were dangling about in the
water and his reclining position was
maintained by the aid of his signal
lines, one of which he had passed
around his shoulders and the other
about his feet.
Some queer yarns are told about the
men who wear the uniform of a sailor
in the service of Uncle Sam. Probably
the queerest is the one told of Gun
ner's Mate Johnson, a strapping big
Swede at present serving out an en
listment on board a ship of war that
frequently visits San Francisco.
Johnson, it appears, is a most con
vivial soul and fond of his grog. He
is also a good sailor, but shines as a
diver. A short time ago, while his
ship was anchored near Mare Island,
it became necessary to send Johnson
down into the depths to take off some
of the growth from the hull. His
first dive lasted about an hour. When
he came up he told the executive offi
cer it would< take about a week to
make the ship's bottom clean. He was
given the task and> every day at 9
o'clock, clad in rubber suit and hel
met, he slipped over the ship's side.
At "mess gear" (meal time) he came
up, had his meal, and at 1:30 went
down again, remaining down until
''mess gear" sounded again.
For five days Johnson kept this up
and then the chief gunner grew a lit
tle bit suspicious. About 3 o'clock one
afternoon he ordered a second drvier's
suit "broken out." This he . donned
and went overboard. He came up in
about 10 minutes and so did Johnson.
When the cumbersome suits were re
moved the gunner ordered Johnson
"to the mast."
/4slccp in the Deep.
vestigation Bureau," to investigate the merits of cases
reported by those societies co-operating with it, and a
"Registration Bureau," for recording all applicatfons for
help. It is thus # possible to prevent duplications and to
distinguish between the chronic pauper and~one really
in need. A somewhat new and excellent feature is the
"Endorsement Committee," which issues credentials to
those organizations that are worthy, thus enabling the
members of the Merchants' Association,'with which it
acts, to discriminate in their giving.
The work of the Associated Charities in lending a
strengthening hand to the weak and unfortunate, there
by assisting such persons to help themselves, often pre
vents their becoming a State charge. From that view
point money paid in subscription is something more
than. charity; it is an investment for relieving the burden
upon the taxpayer, and eliminating motives purely hu
manitarian. The request of the organization for addi
tional subscribers on that ground alone is surely a valid
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", WEDNESDAY. MAY 4, 1004. %
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . AeTdrcs-, AH Commaqicatioiis to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Oflico - <3^^^^^ > '•••• Third and Market Streets, a P.
WEDNESDAY... ; . . ;MAY 4. 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8- Brown's dinners arenlt much and he lives out
of the way. but there's always high balls of
Old Gilt- Edge whinkey.- Wlchman. Lutgen '&
Co., 23-31 Battery St., S. F., sole proprietors. •
Great auction sale of (rummer home lots at
Santa Crux Saturday, May. 7. Special excursion
trains leave San Francisco. Third and Town
sends st$.. 7:30 a. m.; Oakland, Fourteenth and
Webster sts.. 7:45 a. :ra.;;Alameda, Park st.,
5:20 a. m. Special rcund trip ticket* 9". Tick
ets good returning on May 7 and S. 'Ask South
ern Pacific age«u. •
Special Excursion to Santa Croz.
SHANGHAI. May 3.— The portrait of j
the Dowager Empress of. China, which!
was painted by Miss Kate Carl, an ;
American artist, for exhibition at the
St. Louis Exposition, was shipped from
here to-day on board the Pacific Mail
steamship Siberia. <
SAN JOSE May- 3. — John Bocich is under
arrest for an alleged attempt to pass a bogu*
Check on * local restaurant. *
Empress' Portrait on the Siberia.
COLUSA, May 3.— At the city elec
tion held yesterday the following. were
elected: Trustees — M. J. Boggs.t ,E.
Weyand, B. H. Mitchell. F. Z. Pirluey
and O. Sullivan; City Marshal, J. N.
Scoggins; Recorder, J. H. Pope;
Clerk, P. L. Jackson; Treasurer, P.
Henricks.
Colusa's City Officers Elected.
HOBART, O. T., May 3.— The farm
house of Peter Schmidt, twenty-five
miles north of here, was struck by
lightning to-day and four, children,
aged. 8, 6, 4 and 2 years, were killed.
The children were asleep upstairs.
Lightning Kills Four Children.
For Travelers to the East.
Thfs !« best time of the year to go East
and thy fo*st way Is via the Southern* and
Union Pacific. It is the straight road, the
safe road, the ecenlc road and the well
equtfiped road. It is atao the best road to
the fair. Heeln your preparations by seeing
S. F. Booth. General Acent, U. P. II. R., 1
Mont£omerK street. •
HONOLULU; April 26.— Winfleld S.
Crouch of Rochester, N. Y. f was
drowned in the surf at Waikiki, Hono
lulu's bathing resort, on the afternoon
of April 23. He arrived here on the
same morning on the steamer Korea
and had taken up his quarters at the
Young Hotel, intending to stop over
here on his way to Japan. Friends
who came on the same steamer were
bathing with Crouch at the time of the
accident. They, had walked gradually
down the shallow water till they sud
denly dropped into a hole and could
not touch bottom. Crouch had a surf
board with him, as he could not swim,
but it slipped from his grasp and he
could not paddle back to the shore.
New" Yorker Goes Into Deep Water
7 and Loses HLs Life at
Waikikl.
DROWNED IN THE SURF
AT HONOLULU RESORT
The Fithian youth's backers say
that twenty-four bananas is not their
man's limit, but that he stepped be
cause the supply of fruit ran out. De
tails of the match between the two
were arranged to-day nnd the date for
the contest will be set soon.
BL.OOMIXGTOX, III., May 3. —
"Sweet William" Deamude. the Fith
ian youth who holds the eating cham
rio/iship of Vermilion County on the
strength of having recently eaten three
dozen e^gs at one meal and two dozen
bananas on another occasion, has re
ceived a challenge from Potomac.
Friends of Frank Hall of the latter
place boast that their champion re
cently ate forty bananas in forty min
utes in a restaurant in Potomac and
vould not have stopped then but that
he heard a call for supper and had to
leave.
Match Arranged Between Two Human
Beings With Porcine ProcUvi-
GASTRONOMIC CHAMPIONS
TO TEST THEIR CAPACITY
BANKS IN SEPARATE
CLASS OF CREDITORS
United States Court Deckles Against
Trustees of Bankrupt
Concern.
CHICAGO. May 3. — The suit
brought by the trustees of the George
H. Phillips Company to recover from
the Bank of Montreal $200,000 which
the members of the firm had deposited
shortly before the collapse of the corn
"corner" in 1902 came to an abrupt
ending in .the United States Circuit
Court here to-day. Judge Seaman
took the case from the jury and an
nounced a decision in favor of the
bank. The court held that a bank
was not in the same class as other
creditors of s. bankrupt.
Bonds Will Be Issued Again.
• "BAN RAFAEL, May 3.— The town
Cf Mill Valley will reissue $50,000 in
* bonds. These were issued some time
&gcr, but by a technicality were de
clared, illegal. The sums to be ex
•ponded are: 537,000 for road work,
'-S"4000 for bridges. $2000 for fire-flght
.->r.g apparatus and $7000 for sewers.
- Some chairs and a table in the old
Flemish style, with grotesque sugges
tions of faces in relief, and three
pianos, two of wh?ch are oarvod in
Mission style, and one with ji represen
tation in brass on its front of a mis
sion, are among the novelties that are
considered to be noteworthy features
of the furnishings. There are tables,
oval and square, of native woods, red
wood taborets and redwood pedestals
galore, two tables to be used in the
registration of the visitors from San
Francisco to the exposition and two
stein racks, one of the racks will be
in the center of the, floor of the recep-
Tho purpose has been, so says Dr.
Orlow, who has had the preparation
of the furnishings in his charge, not
t<> overcrowd the San Francisco struc
ture, but to give its interior, as much
as may be, an air of the simplicity of
the old missions. Among the articles
that mupt aiso be considered as ex
hibits are the several pictures of quite
large size, framed with broa.d and
timber like frames, the clever work
of Maurice Del Mue. There are varied'
scenes of California life by this artist.
Miss Winifred Stateler contributes sev
eral plaques and busty. C. P. Niel
sen has furnished a picture of the
Mission Dolores. The paintings and
plaques hang in the reception room
and library.
IX OLD FLEMISH STYLE.
The furnishings of the San Fran
cipco building at St. Louis will be
shipped from this city next Saturday.
They are now at the United Arts and
Crafts building on Central avenue.
Som? of the more interesting articles
have been photographed that those
that may not see the St. Louis show
may have .'m idea of the San Francisco
representation in its own structure.
ST. LOUIS, May 3.— The chiefs of the
different divisions have stated that all
the exhibits in the different World's
Fair places will be Installed by May 12.
Various Displays of Exposition Will
Ce Complete on May 12.
FAST PLACING EXHIBITS.
The old Flemish table and chairs
are made of stained redwood and the
table has a snowy white top — "sanded
top," it used to be culled. The effect
is unique and the furniture looks to
be very antique. The pictures accom
panying give a better idea than could
be conveyed in words.
The furniture for tHe first floor of
the San Francisco building is all sup
plied gratis by Dr. Orlow. Between
the Chinese and Japanese rooms will
be a pair of Chinese gate3 that were
brought from China — very ornate,
with history unknown. There are wall
brackets for the corridocs, reception
room and library. Among the curios
that will bo exhibited in the San Fran
cisco building is a Persian rug, 12x16
feet in size, that will, when rolled up,
pass through a lady's bracelet. The
exhibit as a whole is well worth
seeing.
OF STAINED K ED WOOD.
There is a burl sideboard, just of
the sort that the mission padres had in
the good old days when sideboards
and hospitality went hand in hand.
There are other articles of furniture
of the same general description as the
foregoing-. One value they ljave to
California is the illustrations they fur
nish of the beauty of the native woods
of California, of tho redwood in burl?,
the curly redwood and other varieties.
tion room. On the steins will be paint
ed pictures reminiscent of the mis J
sions. There are also wall stein racks.
The foreign exhibits complete are
those of Great Britain and Sweden.
Colorado's exhibit shows the advance
of the public school from the dugout of
early history to the edifice of the pres
ent day. ;-
The official announcement of the at
tendance at the exposition on the open-
Ing day was made by President Francis
late this afternoon. The total attend
ance was 187,793.
Ten States and two foreign countries
have completed their exhibition in the
Palace of Education. ,
On the afternoon of May 12 a formal
tour of inspection of the buildings will
be made by President Francis, the vice
president, the members of the execu
tive committee and the State commerce
committee. The party will take car
riages and make a complete inspection
of all the exhibits in each building.
The board of lady managers began a
session this afternoon that will con
tinue throughout the week for the pur
pose of disposing of different business
matters. Mrs. Daniel Manning, presi
dent of the board, presided. The prin
cipal matter before the board to-day
was the consideration of the applica
tion of the auxiliary board of the
World's Fair Fraternal Building Asso
ciation for the contribution of $5000
for maintaining a day nursery, and the
request of the St. Louis Society of
Evangelists for a contribution of $4000
for the erection of tents on the grounds
for holding religious meetings.
After lengthy discussion the board
passed upon both requests in a resolu
tion declaring that It Is clearly not
within the meaning of the act of Con
gress granting the board a loan of
$100,000 that any of the money should
be used for outside purposes, but en
tirely for matters which directly con
cern the board, and both requests were
refused.
SOME OF THE ARTICLES THAT WILT- FURNISH THE FIRST FLOOR ROOMS IN* THE SPLENDID BUILDING THAT SAN
FRANCISCO HAS ERECTED AT THE LOUISIANA PURCHASE EXPOSITION AT ST. LOUIS REPRESENTATIVE OF
THE CITT. AS THEY STAND READY FOR SHIPMENT. j
Wvrkmrn in Union Pacific Shops
" " XViU Labor Longer. With
2 - More* Pay.
\ OMAHA, May 3.— All the forces at
I the Union Pacific shops have been
• placed on a nine-hour schedule. Hith
erto the men have been working oniy
eight hours. Since last December the
demands made upon the shops have
- glown to proportions never equaled be
fore. Both freight and passenger traf-
% fic. is now extremely heavy and the
j-.e&r and tear on equipment is exten
" E;ve. • I< is said that the men will soon
• b.? asked to work nine and a half hours
,and > later ten hours a day. The men
. ar^ greatly pleased at the order on ac
c6um. of the addition to therr pay.
EAfPLOYES ARE PLEASED
..." "' AT DECREASE OF HOURS
Engine Falls Injurins Trainmen.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. May
3. — A switch engine on the Colorado
Springs and Cripple Creek District
Railway fell through a trestle Into
South Tejon street, in this city, to-day.
Four trainmen were injured, two seri
ously. The bridge, which' stood thirty
feet above the street level, had been
weakened by the heavy rains.
SALT- LAKE. May 3.— Frederick
Zades is outfitting an expedition in
Darner. Nevada, to seek a lost gold
-.mine, the location of which was de
vcribed to him by John C. Hawley at
Eureka, Nevada. The story, as related
• \>'i Zades, is as follows:
" • Years ago Jchn C. Hawley. accom
panied by his wife, left Eureka and
traveled overland to Southern Utah
wijere. in Bull Valley, near the Moun
.tarn Meadows, he found some very rich
' gold float. He showed it to some of
th'e- leading Mormons in that county
£n«l they put up a grub?take and sent
hfhi" to hurt the ledge. His efforts
Cefulted in his finding the ledge, the
ofe from which assayed many thou
"•SaKds of dollars per ton in gold. He
•rvturr.ed with samples of the rock to
•• ~h\s partr.^-ry. It via? so rich that th*>y
,.- tVspecte'J " fraud arsd refused to have
•"arj^thinlr more to do with it.
"*, Ha v ley returned to the claim and
dug* out a? much rock as he could
• carry and took it to his wife. He
• several trips and it was not long
till^his former partners reached the
• eerjclusion that he real!;- had a. very
• rich mine. Being no longer interested
• with -Haw ley they conspired to obtain
• the secret of the mine's location by
shadowing its owner, then to kill him.
"¦ m # Mrs % Hawley. however, learned of the
• pi't. Together Hawley and his wife
• htacied for Arizona, on foot and after
"eimfess wandering, with starvation
'e taring then: in the face, they reached
, • a haven of rest and safety. The trip
-. was too much for Mrs. Hawley and she
•&ied some time later. Hawley's origin
al partners hunted for the ledge for
a long time without success and the
• Story was finally added to the long list
__ of ,far- western romances.
M " A year or two later it is related that
•JIaivley again appeared at Eureka.
• "While there he became acquainted with
•Zad<»s and, besides telling the story.
• pave him a map of the locality. Zadcs
ind the "men he has taken into the
• FfSetne are confident that with the
• data.- in their possession they can find
\he mine .without much difficulty.
Speciml Dirpatch to Tbe *Cail,
Hypnotism has been a subject in
which Dr. Collins has been deeply in
terested for several years and he has
Ictel3 r been delivering lectures upon it
in* various parts of the country. So
strong a hold has it taken upon him
that he now believes that he has fallen
a victim to what is known as self
hypnosfs. "While his physical condition
is still good his mind is constantly sub
ject to the fear of death, as he ad
mitted to-day to Dr. Packer, who is in
charge of the insane pavilion.
Already the relief from anxiety, now
tbat the responsibility for his future
has been placed in other hands than
his own, has had a marked effect upon
him. As quietly as the most docile
patient in the hospital he remained in
bed to-day. The strain under which
he has been laboring having: relaxed
he suffered somewhat from nervous ex
haustion, but otherwise appeared to be
rational.
Unless Dr. Collins is willing to remain
he cannot be forcibly detained at the
hospital, as he walked in voluntarily.
NEW YORK, May 3.— Fears that he
will become a victim of self-hypnosis,
tbat he will appear to be dead and be
buried alive, or that physicians will
perform an autopsy upon him, led Dr.
Patrick P. Collins to become a vol
untary patient in the psychopathic
ward of Bellevue^Hospital. .
Special Dispatch to Th« Call,
Discoverer Deserts Claim
.When He Learns of a Con
gpiracy and Dies Poor
Student of the Occult Sci
ence Is in Constant Dread
of Bein^. Buried Alive
QUEER BELLEMJE CASE
MYSTERY AND EOMANCE
Becomes Voluntary Patient
in Ward for the Insane to
Escape His Own Power
-n: u>Ii. 3Ian Uses a Secret
.'^riVen by a Friend and Will
• . Himt for Treasure Ledge
DOCTOR FEARS
SELF-HYPNOSIS
WILL SEARCH
FOR LOST MINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALi; WEDNESDAY, MAY 4; 1904.
Articles Reminiscent of the California Missions Give Tone
to the Fittings That Constitute Conveniences and
Are Also an 'Exhibition of the Work of. Californians
FURNITURE FOR THE SAN FRANCISCO
BUILDING IS OF THE ANCIENT STYLE
9
postum: cebeai,.
•.• ¦, ¦ ' ¦ ¦' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦ ¦ '¦'¦¦¦'¦ ¦"
'.%'¦¦ That's Your
':'¦>¦.: Business
,- : , KEEP DKINKINC
.'a^id sick; half the time, or quit and
Kav« the
: Supreme
Fun
. * ; ; • Of bcin$ well a^ain.
%stum Food
;• :: Coffee
!>";«" <3e*P well of comfort in time of
/uV-<j. '
' • TlLP7*f *S fli Tf/Pfl
'. . Gci the little book. "The Road to
yi'ellvjlle," ia each package.
THE
GREAT
The Circus
Beautiful
TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT,
Under Mammoth Tents,
Corner Eleventh, and Market St«.
Admission: Adults, 50c; Children, 25o
TENTS PERFECTX.T WATintPROOF.
STREET PARADE AT 10 A. M. TO-DAT.
CALIFORNIA
jgSk —TO-NIGHT—
f TOM'S 1
| WEDDING
! GIFT I
C| By D. T. CAUAHAN. ||
ii A Story of Divorce. pj
H EZTSA \\
M NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT. fj
¦ The Dcnman Thompson comedy, ,
oua itew amisrinc. h
The test play and the b«st com- If
pany to visit the coast this season. U
¦ y. .ERNEST HASTINGS and the Fa- a
Original All-Star Cast. m
AT P A7 AD Belasco A Mayer.
Ceneral Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
A POWEUFCl. DRAMA.
TU C I B) ARTHUR I ' f"
_ I W. P1HERQ I JL
, PROFLIGATE.
"A performance perfectlr rounded, polished
ind sincere." — Bulletin.
Xvg. 23c to 73c: Mats. Sat. & Snn.. 23e to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— First Pan Francisco Pro*
duction of the Exceedingly Funny Comedy.
THE TWO SCHOOLS.
As originally played at the Madison Squar*
t Theater. New York.
' ¦ *
Market Street, cear Eighth; Thona South SS3,
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE3 SATVnDAY AND SUNDAT.
The Celebrated Drama.
DR. JEKYLL
AND MR. HYDE
HERSCHEL. MA TALL.
In the Famous Dual Role.
First Appearance In This City of
JAMES H. MONTGOMERY
and OLIVE G. SKEVNER.
DDirCC Erenlngs 10c to 5Oi
lAltEJ Matinees 10c. 13c, 23a
HEXT— -TMS THBIIi KTTSXXlTSSaa.^
Ptare Food
Industrial
Exposition
MECHANICS' PAVILION
APRIL 30 to MAY 15.
KNICKERBOCKER QUARTETTE T0-M6HT.
CONCERTS DAY AND NIGHT BT BEN-
NETTS CONCERT BAND.
SOUVENIR FANS TO ALL CHILDREN.
MISCEULANE0U3 AMUSEHEJSTS.
SEMBRICH
Assisted by Rudolph Gar.z. pianist.
2— Concerts Only— 2
ALHAMBRA THEATER
TO-MORROW NI6BT AT 8:15.
Next Saturday Matinee at 2:39
Seats. $3 and 52. Box Seats. $5.30.
.At Sherman. Clay A Co.'s.
\A/. X. HESS,
Votary Public and Attoni«y-at-Ii*w.
Ttntb Floor. Room 1015. wU^s bkt&
V Telephone Main 883.
' Residence. 1S03 McAllister st. !
Besldrac* Ttlesaoaa P*f% MU. ~^..j
: ¦ ¦¦ > r *
1 Mwantee's Bannmr Bret j
JsjftSSSi^ It isn't talk that counts, it's quality — Qual- h
ity that stands pat at all times, for honest p
f^3h\ criticism. The unprecedented popularity of ||
n \2<. Blatz Wiener is due to its pronounced'in- tt
\L\ \ *~L dividuality — that indescribable, honest fla- tj
yi \ «5 vor t^ iat a l wa >* s rneans "Blatz" — that de- \\
VL \£{ lightful Blatz Wiener "smack" that goes M
J\ *vro straight to the spot. Drink it for beer char- (j
/ acter; for health's sake drink it. Ask for H
I > S*A^^ it downtown and send a case home. ||
1 Yv ALWAYS THE SAME f|
A V COOD OLD B
(4^---3^^^ "BLATZ." fl
CIT^ BLATZ MALT-V1VINE i
gi (NON-INTOX.) TONIC 1
Wj DRUGGISTS OR DIRCCT. S
VAL. BLATZ BREWING CO., Milwaukee. (jf
$AM B1B0 & CO, WH0L B ?A I r ! a D t f^ M ' %l II?™ "• g
| AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLfe
OXI.V MATIN&K &ATLKDAY
POSITIVELY LAST FIVE NIGHTS
Of th» Spectacular Military Comic Opera
WHENJOHMNYCOMES
MARCHING HOME
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
The I A ' Nlrhta
SSiS? RUNAWAY !£ ndon
Comedy r i C , RL i « hU!
1 ' New York
PRICES— 23c. 50c, 73c
/Cos and Mezzanine GeaU, f 1.C0.
i . " "
ee^l H^^SS?3 Sk m ™ici5Cc->
U LUHflOlA L£A£1S3 mm
-'/ IMMEDIATE SUCCESS.
riRST TIMS llf SAN PKAHCISCO.
SWirTEST IUV SHOW OTX EABTB.
KLAW and ERLANGER Present
GUS D ft \C C D C
max il U U L K u
(Themselves)
In John J. McNally'c Latest Vaudeville Farce.
"THE ROGERS BROS. IN LONDON."
Most Elaborate Vaudeville Farce Production
Ever Made. 110— Entertainers — 110.
Nightly, including Sunday. Mat. Saturday.
A BIG NEW SHOW!
Barfs, Macauley and Company; IS. F.
Dumond's Parisian Minstrels; Sisters
Gasch; Hal Merrltt; Brandow and Wi-
ley; lew Sully; X.a Petite Adelaide;
Wilfred Clarke and Company, and Or-
phenm Motion Pictures, Showln? the
LATJKCSINO O7 THE CALITORNIA.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday- and Sunday. Prices, 10c. 25c
and 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
THIS WEEK ONLY
TO-NIGHT Jn S
|| q SARDOU'S ~
M K Famous P!ay
MELBOURNE La
MacDOWELL JoSCa
Next Monday NI«ht— "CLEOPATRA."
Popular Prices — 15c, 25c, fjOc, 75c.
FLO ADLER
And a Great Show Erery Afternoon and
Erenlxur In the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATURE ELECTRIC RAILROAD
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY la the
Zoo.
VISIT THE MY5TIC MTRROR MAZE.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
AMATEXTS WIGHT THUKSDAT.
• Admission, 10c; Children, 6c.
'< When Phonlny, Ask for "The ChUtea."
Racing !spl3^s>flacinT;
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CMJB.
Racing each weak day. rain or shine, except
Monday. May 2. Season closes Satur-
day.. May 7.
Six or More Kaces Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:30
1 :00. 1 :30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladles and their
; escorts. v.
; -Returning: trains leave track at 4:10 and
I 4:45 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WrLLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. 8ecretary.
MISCELLANEOUS -AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL
--"AT RECREATION PARK..
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
SAN FRANCISCO is. LOS ANGELES.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
3:30 P. M.
SATURDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
Ladles' Days — Thursday and Friday. ' >
.Advance Sale of Seats at 5 Stockton Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BaaaEBBBJSBKB&BBBllBHaO
I PARLOR CHAIR 5
| Our S
i iJlJLJ Special |
5 i " ' # a
™ g^^*ferfr for |
I CB This I
g ffl. ! iffH Week §
a ' 11 y ¦
¦ | j " ¦
B Mahogany Parlor Chair, uphol- 5
? stored seat and back. Besrular "
H value $7.00. ~»
H We have jnst opened a complete S
EB line of F?.-lcr Goods, and offer this "J
H special Inducement to the public to ¦
¦ call and Inspect our line. H
IM ¦ ii i i Wn
1 A. B. Smith Co. i
g I28!32 EIHs St., S F. |
E3gBEE£SfflggBBBKHHHaH3Bia
I J@? F4VORBTE
H FOR WEfeSi WQ»g EM.
Gfl 9 ft H ff^k Ammunition, Hunting- and
H ifaaWk" Sporting Good*. L*r*e«t
? B jaajj itock. Lowest trices. Send
Itfr I H &» SHK C EVE°& I 'nARBiER CO.,
T^ .^^ "S3 Market at. and 621
Kearar »t-
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND KEBUILT at expeaas
of $200,000— New Management— ENTIREJLr
FIREPROOF. . /
LOCATION — Very accessible to street ear
l<nes theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
' 223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms In antique decorations,
Turkish Baths In Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT, 1* Stel.
eer, Chef, formerly of Waldorf- Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
t'ons in every room; long distance connections
made with any part of the coast.
Wire for ' reservations, at our expense.
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. Wash.
Dolor* DONT FAIL TO
1 aiavW tte thd beautiful
•g COURT Lounging
Aflfl room, the EMPIRE
akll » PARLO R . the
r J PALM ROOM, the
llf fl (111 LOUIS XV PAR.
UiailU LOR, and the LA.
u . i dies* Writing
Hotels room."Mary Had a Little Lamb" was writ
ten by Mra. Sarah J. Hale In 1830 whi!f»
editor of the Ladies' Magazine, and
printed in a little book of poems for
children.
ORDERS k RAILROAD COMPANY
TO REFUND PRICE OF LAND
PROBABLE WINNERS.
First Race — Flyer, Titus, Oscar
Tolle.
Second Race— Sea Air, Sileo, Ed
uai'do.
-.Third [Race— Golden Light, Red
wald, Ada N. \
Fourth Race— Flush of Gold, Gate
way, Veterano.
'.."; Fifth Race — John A. , Scott. Louis
Wagner, My Surprise. .
' Sixth Race— Forest King, Loacoon,
Byroncrdnlc. >. ;;•, .
Or the ,677,293 deaths in Prussia in
1902 there were only thirteen cases of
smallpox. "Prussia,; has compulsory vac
cination. .
James Cook Secures Judgment for
$1600, With Interest, Against
the Corporation.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany must refund to James Cook
$1600 he paid the corporation for land
in Los Angeles County in 1898, with
Interest- on that sum from that date.
Judge Seawell .so decided yesterday,
basing hisj holding on the. recent de
cision of the United States Supreme
Court, which declared that the South
ern Pacific' had no claim to the land
it .sold to Cook and E. T. Barber, and
therefore could not perfect "a sale.
Piano Recital oh Tuesday.
Henry Randall announces a piano
recital by his pupils at Century: Hall,
Sutter and Polk streets, Thursday
evening/May 5, at 8:30 o'clock. The
names of Miss Lillian Hodghead, Miss
Doris: Radke, Master Albert Horner
and -Leslie Cupples are on the - pro
gramme.
The association of young men which
for many months, as the Eschscholtzia
Club, gave most delightful socials in
the Mission district will to-morrow
night appear at the, Mission Opera
Hall as "Ye Eschscholtzia Min
strels" for the entertainment of
their many friends. George C. Heina
wil} be the interlocutor. C. B. Rush
mer, G. Hayes and A. Gommo the
bones, J. D. Richardson, W. H. Mack
and W. Y. Lawton the tambos, and
Dr. J. I. Richards, G.- Olson, A. W.
McGrorge and E. E. Hill the soloists.
The Elks quartet will take part in the
entertainment.
"Ye Eschscholtzia Minstrels."
Henry Wadsworth, as receiver of
the bankrupt estate of Jacob and Her
man Eppinger and Bernard "Ettlinger,
filed a petition yesterday with United
States District Judge de Haven stat
ing thai on April 7 he had an unex
pended balance of $75,372 belonging
to the estate and that the creditors
had voted unanlmouslyln favor of de
claring a second dividend of 5 per
cent, which would use up that sum.
It was further set forth that on De
cember 21a dividend of 5 per cent had
been declared by Bankrupt Referee
Milton J. Green and that this also had
been acceptable to the. creditors. As
the law specifies that no dividend of
less than 10 per cent can be declared
without an order from the District
Judge, the petitioner asks Judge de
Haven Co make such an order.
Fred J. Tait and James B. Tait,
composing the firm of Tait Bros, of the
Olympic Club cafe, filed a petition in
insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. They owe $12,
857 and have $3958 assets. Of the
Indebtedness SI 2 85 due to the Nathan
Dohrmann Company and $1630 dut to
W. & J. Sloane are secured. The re
maining indebtedness Is unsecured.
The next heaviest creditors are F.
Galli & Co., $1235, and B. Herman,
$1530.
A petition was also filed by M. J.
Garvin, cigar dealer, Stockton. His
liabilities are $3934 and he has $381
assets. «.
other Dividend of Five Per
Cent.
Eppinger Estate Is Ready to Pay An-
OLYMPIC CLUB CAFE
FAILS FOR LARGE
The $30,000 estate of W. H. John
son, formerly of Xew Tork, Is the sub
ject of a dispute In the court in which
Public Administrator Hynes, Mrs-
Johnson, mother of the deceased: a
sister of the deceased, and a woman
named Mrs. Sutro are the contestants.
The battle opened yesterday with the
procurement from Judge Sloss by
Hynes of an order directing Attorney
W. F. Williamson to file the will of
the decedent.
It appears from the documents al
ready filed by the Public Administra
tor that Johnson, when he died here
two years ago. left a will in" which he
devised his estate to his mother and
his sister and to Mrs. Sutro, the latter
to receive half and the mother and
sister each a quarter. The will was
left in the possession of Williamson,
who after communicating with the
relatives ot the deceased, received in
structions to withhold the will from
the files. He did so. and when the
Public Administrator, who only re
cently learned of the existence of the
testament, made a demand that it b'
produced Williamson still withheld,
filing it only when Judge Sloss' order
was served upon him.
The devise to Mrs. Sutro appears to
be the cause of the opposition to tho
will by Mrs. Johnson and her daugh
ter. No one seenjs to know who she
Is, and it i3 expected that when she
makes her appearance in the case in
teresting'developments will arise.
Order Made by Sloss Reveals Exist
ence of Dispute Over Former
Xew Yorker's Estate.
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER
DISLIKE JOHNSON'S WILL
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles — 8pen
cerian won Black Wolf second. RyevaJe third.
Time. 1:55.
CHICAGO. May 2.— Worth results :
First race one mile — Trinity Bell won. Zyrm
second. Falkland third. Time. 1:43 1-8.
Second race. six furlongs — Suav* won.
Weird second. Jo« Martin third. Time. 1:15 3-3.
Third race, half a mile — Philanthropist won.
Seasick second, I.azarion third. Time, :4s.
Fourth race, six furlonjr»-i-Bel!e Moora won.
Mayor John3on second, Miss . Manners third.
Time. 1:15.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Tocma won.
Hands* Across second. Big Ben third. Time.
1.*%-- •* r
. .. * t.-»".
"Winners at Worth.
The estate of the jockey is valued
at about $2500 and, according to the
sister, Greenock is rightfully an asset
of the estate. She says that owing to
a request of her father she failed to
include him as a part of the estate in
her first inventory.
OAKLAND, May 3. — Whether the
good race horse Greenock belongs to
the estate of the late Jockey Woods
or is the property of the lad's father.
William Woodsi is the subject of a
family quarrel in Judge Greene's de
partment of the Sunerior Court. Mary
A. Mithell, a sister of deceased, says
the horse belonged to the boy, while
the father and a second son say the
horse is the property of the father.
The amount of money earned by the
little jockey was one of the points
brought out, and it was shown that
he received about $12,000 a year in
the employ of the Schorrs. The sis
ter maintains that the money -of her
brother went to help the father, who
owned several horses, among which
are Sherry, Marplot, Lecturer and
McAlbert and which failed to win suf
ficient to pay for their keeping.
Contradict Ench Other as to
Ownership.
Sister and • Father of Jockey Woods
QUARREL OVER GOOD
RACEHORSE GREENOCK
At a recent meeting of the Black
Point Improvement Club the following
resolutions were adopted and ordered
forwarded to the Board of Supervisors
and the Board of Police Commissioners:
We, the undersigned, citizens and taxpayers
of the city and county of San Francisco, here
by very respectfully petition the honorable
Board of SuDervisors of this city and county
to the end that proper and sufficient police
protection be eiven our city and county; and
Whereas, O.ur police force under existing
circumstances is entirely inadequate to prop
erly police the city as it should be done; and
Whereas. The district at the north end of
the city is sorely in need of police service
which cannot be furnished by the police au
thorities with the present force on hand; and
Whereas. The budget expenses of the next
fiscal year will very shortly be fixed by the
Board of Supervisors; and
Whereas, The life of no man, woman or
child is safe after sunset at any night, and
hold-ups, robberies and burglaries are of such
common occurrence In this, the north end of
our great city, as to keep good and desirable
citizens from investing in property " at thi»
end of the citv and county on account of an
utter lack of police protection; therefore be it
Resolved, ! Th*t we, the members of the
Black Point Improvement Club of San Fran
cisco, heartily and earnestly advocate to the
honorable Board of Supervisors an Increase
of - the police force of this city and county
to the extent as to be sufficient to patrol this
much neglected district of the North End
as It should be patrolleA, so as to give
the residents of the North End that
same .protection by day and night which is
now accorded downtown districts and some
parts of the Mission, but not In any part of
tho North End, from the Intersection of Val
lejo street to the seawall, to the Fulton Iron
Works and any part south and west of that
Una at the entire I&igth of California street;
and be It further
Resolved, That petitions be signed from this
date on by all Interested citizens of this dis
trict, and a copy of this petition and the an
nexed signatures be submitted to the proper
committee of the Board of Supervisors, to his
Honor the Mayor, Eugene E. Schmltz,' also
to the Board of Police Commissioners and the
Chief of Police and the dally newspapers, by
a. committee of three (3) to be appointed by
this club.
Hoplnc that this petition will receive- kind
and favorable consideration at your hands,
we remain, very respectfully yours.
G. Krlmphoff, president, 1226 Montgomery
nvenue; John H. Brlckwedel. eecretary, 1911
Hyde street: Henry Heinz, 1808 Hyde street:
Louis Connolle. 1222 Montgomery avenue;
• V. ' J. Raffo. 1 327 Montgomery avenue; A.
Caroslo, 1337 Montgomery avenue; Charles
I^arsson, 1331 Montgomery avenue: C. J.
Larson. 1333 Montgomery avenue; John
Hansen, 704 North Point street; Victor
-. Strom, 706 North Point street.
North Beach Residents Petition Su
pervisors and Commissioners to
Give Extra Protection.
CITIZENS RECOMMEND A BIG
INCREASE IN POIJCE FORCE
AMATEUR BOXERS TRAINING
FOR A SERIES OF BOUTS
CAMBRIDGE SPRINGS, Pa., May
3. — The elxth round of the interna
tional chess tournament, was played
to-day. The results foIJCw: Delmar
lost to Showalter; Marco beat Hodges;
Napier lost to Tiechmann; Fox beat
Schlechter; Marshall defeated Law
rence; Plllsbury defeated Lasker; Bar
ry and MIeses drew; Tschlgorin lost
to Janowskl. The latter also agreed
to draw his game with Showalter,
which "was adjourned yesterday.
Chess Experts Compete.
Manager James Coff roth has applied
to the registration committee of the
Pacific Athletic Association for a spe
cial sanction for a boxing match be
tween Rodenbach, the American ama
teur champion in both the middle
weight and the heavyweight classes,
and Sam Berger, the Pacific Coast
heavyweight champion. A request has
been made that the winner be allowed
to receive a $250 trophy.
Another Match for Sam Berger.
Martin Canole. the clever Eastern
lightweight boxer, expects to settle
down to training to-day. He will
visit Croll's Gardens this morning and
will probably locate there. Battling
Nelson, his next opponent, has been
at Sheehan'st^each Tavern for sev
eral days and la losing: no time getting
into, the best possible condition. He
will have to be In good trim to beat
the quiet Boston. man, who is one of
the neatest boxers in the rinc and one
of the gamest.
Conole Will Commence Training.
Boston Shuts Out Xew York Nationals
in Clever Style In the City
of Culture.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(NATIONAL.) , (AMERICAN.)
W. I>. Pet. W. 1*. Pot.
New York... 9 4 .002 Boston 11 3 -7R0
Boston 8 6 .571-FhiIadelphta. 8 4 .CS2
St Louis 7 6 .33S|New York... 7 5 ..*)S3
Chicago 7 6 .53S,Chlca«o » 7 .5(32
Brooklyn ... 7 6 .53S!St. Louis 7 « .53S
Cincinnati' ..8 7 .533 Detroit ft 7 .402
Plttsburgr ... 8 9 -S57:Cleveland ... 5 7 .417
Philadelphia. 2 11 .154, Washington.. 0 13 .000
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON, May 2. — Boston won to-day by
timely hittlnr. while New York was unable
to hit when hits counted. Attendance. SOU.
Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 4 9 1
New York 0 6 0
Batteries — Wilhelm and Moran; Milisran and
Warner. Umpire* — Moran and Zlmmer.
CHICAGO, May 3.— Chicago's ability to hit
th* ball proved Pittsburgh undoing to-day and
the locals had an even dozen runs to epare
at the end. Attendance, 3500. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 15 16 3
Pittsburg 3 b 4
Batteries — BrigKs and ICling; Scanlon. Lee
and Smith. Umpire — Johnstone.
PHILADELPHIA. May 3.— Brooklyn again
defeated the home team by better stick work.
Poole pitched a steady .game and the locals'
hits were widely scattered. Attendance, 270U.
Score:
R. H. .E.
Philadelphia 3 7 1
Brooklyn 6 11 1
Batteries — Pool* and Bergen; McPhereon and
Dooin. Umpire — Eroslle.
CINCINNATI, May 3.— The Cincinnati-St.
Louis game postponed: wet grounds.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, May 3. — Clever and hard batting
won for Cleveland to-day. It was KlUon's
J904 debut and the visitors made nineteen hit*.
Khoaden pitched a shut-out game. Attendance
2200. Score .
R. H. ,E.
Detroit 2 6 3
Cleveland 10 19 2
Batteries — KItson and Buelow; Rhoades and
Brmls.
NEW Tork. May 3.— Loose playing by
Washington and timely batting by New York
enabled the latter to win the second game of
the series. Attendance, 1100. Score:
. R - H - E
New Tork 8 10 2
Washington 4 10 1
Batteries— Powell and McGuire; Mason and
Knell.
BOSTON. May 3.— Philadelphia outbatted
Boston to-day, but lost through a fielding slump
and careless base running. Attendance, 5500
6core :
R. H. E.
Boston 4 5 1
Philadelphia 2 8 4
Batteries — Dineen and Farrell; Henley and
Bchreck. . . ... - .
ST. LOUIS. May 3.— By a rally in the ninth
inning the St. Louis American League team
made two runs and won the game to-day by
a score of 2 to 1. For eight innings neither
side scored. Wallace's hard right to center
won for the local nine. Attendance SOO.
Score: ' -
--•¦*' ¦*' R. H. E.
Et. Louis 2 7 0
Chicago i 17 1
Batteriei — Sievers and Sugden; Owen and
Sullivan.
Alex Grcggains Expects Exciting Sport
' • From the Fight To-Morrow Night
at Woodward's Pavilion.
Golden Gate Park is black with
amateur boxers these days. Each
morning a drove of them can be seen
Vpalting their way along the roads
bundled up in sweaters and spinning
Rlong at a rapid clip doing light re
duc'ng work and sharpening up their
Mind for the big: amateur show at
Woodward's Pavilion to-morrow
night, under the aus?pices of th,e San
Francisco Athletic Club. Harry Ten
jiey, who is to meet Johnny Crowe for
the bantam weight title, has com
pleted his training and is taking mat
ters ea5>\ "Rough House" McDon
• aid and Teddy Wolff are even money
In the betting- for their bout, and so
it George Peterson and Joe Thomas.
Joe Podesto and Tom Sullivan are in
" chape, and, in fact, the entire sixteen
are in good condition for the eight
bouts for which they are scheduled.
Danny Sullivan has been matched
\o box a ten-round preliminary with
F'red Nutting, an Australian light
weight of some reputation, to precede
the fifteen-round contest between
Dutch Thurston and Mike McClure, at
the Sequoia Club, Oakland, on the
¦ night of the 10th inst. Xutting Is said
to be a clever fighter, and he and Sul
livan should put up a good battle.
, Tl;urfeton end McClure are training
hard for their contest, and both are
' .reported in good condition.
. ? «
- r HAXDICAP FIELD DAY
WILL BE HELD THIS 3IOXTH
Pacific Athletic Association Officials
Announce a Meeting to Increase
Olympian Games Funds.
The Pacific Athletic Association of
ficials have announced a handicap
field day for the 3d Inst. The pro
gramme will be made up of the twelve
•standard events, with possibly some
, extra events for high school boye.
. If the track of the New California
Jockey Club at Emeryville can be se
cured the meet will be held there.
The object of the meet is to secure
additional funds with which to send
California athletes to the Olympian
• games* at St. Louis. These games will
I*?. held between August 29 and Sep
tember 4.
Wright Defeats Coffin.
"Chick" Wright defeated Frank
Coffin in the second game of the bll-.
.. Hard tournament at Morler's last
jiigrht in a. well played and highly In
teresting: contest. The final score was
* 200 to 112. Wright's high run was
• S4. His average was 12. Coffin's
hSgh, run was 19 and his average 4%.
.•Wilson Kigourney and Dr. O. B. Burns
•will meet to-night.
KANSAS CITY. May 2.— Elm Rldfo re
sulta: •
First race, five and a half furlongs — Skillful
won Americano second. The Mighty third.
Time. l:C8»i-
Second race, half a mile^ — Airship won. Mar
mont second. Keno third. Time. :48.
Third race, one mile — Rough and Tumb'e
won. William Wright second, Kansas Uly
third. Time. 1:42*;.
Fourth race- the Baby stakes, for two-year
old fillies. $1200 added, four and a half fur
lories — Belle Klnney won. Useful Lady tacond.
La Londe third. Time. :53<4.
Fifth race. s!x furlongs — Lustier won, Tryoa
second. Lady Idris third. Time. 1:14<4.
Sixth race, seven and a half furlong* —
Zella Knight won. Elliott second. Buccleuth
third. Time. 1:3334.
Kansas City Racing.
Decrees of divorce were granted to
Lizzie Winders from David Winders
for neglect and Leah H. Lyons from
Alexander Lyons for neglect.
Suits for divorce were filed by John
W. Fear against Phoebe J. Fear for
cruelty and Ida M. Rohner against
Frank G. Rohner, a musician, for cru
elty.
Judge Murasky yesterday granted a
motion to reopen the maintenance suit
of Evelyn Marchand against Edward
Marchand, of restaurant fame. The
attorneys in the case desired an op
portunity to present argument on law
points involved, hence the court's or
der. The suit is the result of the pub
lication by Marchand of a notice that
he would no longer be responsible for
his wife's debts. She asks for $300 a
month.
Through the efforts of Judge Gra
ham the divorce action brought by
May Keith against Chester Keith on
the ground of desertion has been dis
missed and a reconciliation effected.
They were married at Colorado
Springs in November. 1902. In the
following April they came to this city
to reside. After a short time they
had a slight quarrel and separated
and then came the suit for divorce.
When they appeared In court a few
days ago their testimony showed that
neither was very anxious for a di
vorce, so Judge Graham suggested
that the case be continued and he also
suggested that efforts be made to
bring the young people together
again. The efforts were made, as was
evidenced by the dismissal of the suit
yesterday.
Young People Take Judge Graham's
Advice and Settle Their Differ
ences Without Divorce.
Fourth race. Debutante atakes, half-mile —
Miss Inez won. Lady Savoy second. Frances
Dillon third. Time. 49V«.
Fifth race, steeplechase, short course — Vol
antlne won. Stepllghtly second. Nitrate third.
Time. 3:06.
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards — Dr.
Stucky won. Discus second, Kilmoric third.
Time. 1:47^».
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. May 3.— Results:
First race, «lx furlongs — Outcome won. Tap
ioca second. Outwal third. Time. 1:16.
Second race, half-mile — Blue Bird won, Web
erfleld second Flying Brook third. Tim?.
:49>4.
Third race, seven furlongs — Montpelier won.
MalakofT second. Villager third. Time. l:30a 4 .
Nitrate Third in Steeplechase.
COURT WAVES -OLIVE BRANCH %
AND KEITHS ARE HAPPY
Dclmar Race Results.
BT LOUI3. May ;:. — Delmar results:
First race, five and a half furlongs. «elllng—
Tangent won. I»u Beach second. Pandora
third. Time, 1:14.
Second race, four furli-r.ss. selling— Joe K»lly
won. Dotage second Tommy O'Hara third.
Time, :55.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing — Lasso won. Velas^ues second. Sharp
Bird third. Time, l.lt'i.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Opera
tor won. Charlie Thompson second Kindred
third. Time. 1 :2<J^i.
Fifth race, mil* and twenty yards, selling —
Lynch won. Second Mate second. Lord Tenny
son third. Time. 1:51.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Neversueh won. Flora Bright second.
Klngstelle third. Time, 1:5354.
CHICAGO IDTS THE BALL
AND HAS RUXS TO SPARE
OAK3JA1TD BA.0BTBACH— TUESDAY, May 3.— Weather fine. Track fast.
6717. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; eelllng; mares; 4-yr.-oIds & up: first. >325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. Vi. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
S?™ Rustic Girl. .6 (E. Fitzgerald) 08 ,5 ... 5 tf S 2 ~2 2 ' 1 na Roach 6 10
(G.05) Maud Muller. 4 (Mrs. Miller). 96 6 ... 3 1 3 1 1 n 2 2 McBrlda. ... 6 9-2
2J°A S^P Around. 4 (F. Devin)... 101 7 ... 7 1 G 1 5 1 3 V, J. Jones.... 8 4
CO.x> Bee Rosewater. 4 (Romlgh).. 98 3 ... 8 1 7 2 3% 42 T.Clark.... 80 CO
tj«2<' Myrtle H..B <Mrs. Hertzell).. OS 9 ...04 93 95 Bl Crosswaite 20 SO
dO3 Hirtle. a(Neal) .105 2 ... 2^2^61 61 Unton 10. 15"
6b45 IErj-p. Princess, 6 (I.O'Rourke) 101 3 ... 1 n 1 h 7 H 7 IV, Fitzpatrick SO 40
6703 |Aunt Polly, « (Graffort Co.).. 104 4 ... 6 »4 8 2 8 2 8 2 J. T. Shehn 3 6
(0386) Cassie W, 6 (J. C. Nealon).. 108 1 ... 4 % 4 % 4 1 9 3 F. Kelly.... 6-2 8-5
[ 6645 iFrlponne. i (Alhambra Stable) 101 10 ... 10 10 10 10 Holbrook .. SO SO
Time— :23»4. :49U,, l:0SVi. At post % minute" Off at 2:14'i. Girl, place. 4; show. 2.
Muller. place. 9-5; show 4-5. Around, show, 7-10. Winner, ch. m. by Pirate of Pen
zance-Hoyden. Trained' by I. P. Fitzgerald. Scratched— Nonle. Suburban Queen. Start
good. Won in a hard drive of three. Rustic Girl got up and won on the last stride.
Maud Muller ran her race. Step Around not at her best. Hirtle cut off In stretch by
Maud Muller. Aunt Polly has gone away back. Cassie W showed speed for a six
teenth and then blew up. -¦
O718. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling; 2-year-olds; value to first. $325.^
j Index Horae and Owner. Wt St. u" H^ %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
j 6G83 Cloudlight (A. Josephs) 99 2 12 12 1 1% Reed 6 8
6700 Head Dance (El Prlmero Sta.) 97 1 ...... 2 1 22 2 n Roach 3 3
6700 Mario J (M. Jones) 94 4 ...... Bl 3 1^3 4 Herbert ... 6-8
6647 Pirella (Mrs. Miller) 96 3 ...... 3^41 4 1% McBride ... 10 12
6700 Velna (G. M. Van Gordon) 107 8 ....... 4 1 8 3 6 2 F. Kelly.... 8VV-J,
6700 Bill Short (A. T. Dobson) 103 6 ...... 6 1 7 2 6 1 J. T. Shehn . S 8
1 6700 Meada (Blanch! & Co.) 101 7 7 2 6 1^7 2 J. Jones.... 8-5 13-5
6706 Light of Day (Mra Coffey).. 98 5 ... ... 81 8283 Fitzpatrick 20 3»>
6706 Cedarburg (Alhambra Stable) 104 9." 94 »4 97 Holbrook .. 10 ,1*0
6622 Ding Dong (Elmwood S. F.). 107 10 ... -.. 10 10 10 Vlckery ... 30 20
Tlme-^:23?J. :48V4. At post 1 minute. Oft at 2:41. Cloudlight, place.- 3; show, 8-5. Head
Dance, place. 1; show. 1-2 Marie J, ehow, 3-2. Winner, b. t. by Bright Phoebus-
LoveliKht. Trained by "W. ' M Murry. Scratched — Howard Vance. Eduardo. Start fair.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Cloudlight is a very fast filly and won In
ragtime. Itead Dance ran his race-. So did Marie J. Velna an exceedingly slow breaker.
Bill Short messed about. Meada looks Ilka a gas pipe and had no more speed than a
three-legged dog. .
G719. THIRD RACE — One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
, Index] Horae and Owner. WtlSt. \C. %^ %'." Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. Cl.
0713 Gold Finder, a (P. G. Lynch). 101 2 1 H22-23 22 11 McBride 8-5 6-5
6705 Chileno, & (Blaslngame Bros.) 96 7 2 % 1 1%1 3 1 3 2 n Crosswaite 6 7
6636 H. Blck,' 5 (J.A.Lynch & Co.) 102 10 10 5^323235 Sinnott 6 8
06!>2 Dr. Shorb, 5 (Owl Stable) 107 9 61 3h 4^71 41 Vlckery ... 6 5
6C87 Anvil. 4 (Murray & Co.) 100 8 6 1^62 6^41 6h Wright .... 6 7
6648 Expedient, a (P. E. Smith).. 110 682 »4 83 82 63 Fletcher .. 15 20
67m The Counselor 4 (Clifford Co.) 101 3 71 8%71 6%72 Herbert ... 6 12
6520 Assessment, 6 (A. Neal) 105 5 9 1 10 10 6 18 2 Linton 20 20
•5632 Plan, a (G. Strobel & Co.)... 103 4 41 71 93 95 93 J. T. Shehn 15 25
6695 Arthur Ray. B (Clayton & Co.) 112 1 3 1 6 1 10 10 Haack 20 20
Time — :26. :60H. 1:10 1:42V4. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:05. Finder, place, 3-5; show,
1-3 Chlleno place 13-5; show 7-5. Beck, Bhow, 8-5. Winner, ch. g. by Clleveden-
Mistake. Trained by J. M. McCarthy. Scratched— Billy Moore. Teufel. Start poor.
Won driving. Second stopping. Third easily. On form Gold Finder looked best and he
ran his race. Chtleno did well. Harry Beck a bad actor, tried to bolt at start and got
away poorly. Dr. Shorb ran a good race from behind. Anvil had a rough trip and
can do better Too short for Expedient. Plan had a speck of speed. *Loa Angeles in
dex 6560. / . « -^^^
0720. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. Wt St. % . Vi- %• Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
663« |Rey Dare. 6 (J C. Nealon).. 107 4 3 h 3 1 8 3 2 1 V% F. Kelly.... 8-5 2
6702 |Tom Slavin, 6 (Clifford) 102 5 2 1 12 13 13 23 Sinnott « 10
6695 Moor 5 (V. Gilbert) 104 2 1^43 43 B2 8 1& Crosswaite 20 12
6710 Moccrito. a (J. Ryan) 105 3 51 B2 B2 42 42 Holbrook .. 4 2
66C3 Murat. 4 (G. Henderson) 104 6 42 212h32B2 J. Jones.... 2 4
6064 Leash, 4 (L. Levy) 103 1 6 6 6 6 6 J. T. Shehn 10 15
Time — :24%, :49&. 1:14',4 1:28 At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:30. Dare, place. 7-10; show,
out Slavin. place, 3; show 0-5. Moor ehow. 8-5. Winner, br. g. by El Rio Rey-Lady
1 Dare. Trained by J Nelson. Scratched — Nullah Vasallo. Solon, Louis Wagner. Start
fair. Won driving Second stopping. Third driving. Winner was hard ridden to catch
Tom Slavin, but won cleverly last few yards. Moor sulked the first part of race. Mocorito
Is no account at present. Murat had early speed, but quit.
U721. FIFTH RACE — Futurity course; purse; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. Wt St. % . %. '%. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(6715) Money Musn,, 6 (Gaylord) 107 1 ... 2 8 In 1 1%1, *i J. Jones... 6-5 7-5
(06S5) Mtsty's Pride. 4 (Jones & Co.) 102 2 ... 1%27 24 22 McBride ... 2 11-5
f.957 John A. Scott, 4 (M. Jones).. 107 6 ... 8 1 3 3 3 4 3 4 J. T.Shehan 3 5-2
G66S Ishtar, 5 (A. Josephs) 99 3 ... 4 2 4 2 4 2 4 1 Reed 10 16
6716 Eva D, 3 Owl Stable) 97 5 ... B> 5 0 5 5 6 5 8 T. Butler... 50 100
.... iCheerden. 5 (A. H. Bernal)... 101 4 ... 6 0 6 6 Linton BO 200
Xime *24 - 48%. 1:10^. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:56. Muss, place, 2-5; show, out.
Pride, place. 11-20; show, out. Scott, show. 2-5. Winner, ch. g. by The Hero-Little
Grove Queen. Trained by G. Burger. Scratched — Flush of Gold, Riesca, Moynard.
Blue Eyes. Start fair. Won first two driving. Third easily. Money Muss outsprlnted
and outstayed Misty's, Pride. They set a heart- breaking clip, and if ridden to any ad
vantage John A. Scott might have beaten both. Latter lost a couple of lengths at that
by swerving out. ot h'rsoutclassed^^^^^^^^^_^^^_^^_^^^^^_ >^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
OrZii sTxTH RACE — Mile and 70 yards; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. V,. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(0702) Hainault. 6 (Thomas & Co... 104 4 12 12 11 11 1«4 Roach ..... 3 235
6714 Illilouon. 6 (W. D. Randall).. 104 B 7C 42 21 22 23 Crosswaite' 7-5 11-10
tm* iy ll^°K 1 rby. 3 > (G. Strobel).. 104 3 4 1 3h 4 « »3 1 3 1 J. T.Shehan 15 13
6691 North West. 3 (Cliff onl & Co.) 942 2h218h53 4h McBride... 15 20
(6690) Col Van, 6 (D. S. Fountain). 104 7 6h 62 6%41 54 Fountain .. 8 8
r,6»8 R C. Nurse. 3 (D. A. Roes).. 101 1 3 1 5 1 fl 2 6 2 6 1% Holbrook .. 10 25
6716 Scherzo. 3 (Pueblo Stable).... 102 8 6 h 7 2 7 1%7 5 7 1 J. Jones.... 0 6
(6692) C. Ballantyne, 0 monaldson). 107 6 8 8 8 8 8 F. Kelly... 10 25
Time— -24% -49 1:14, 1:41, 1:45% .At post % minute. Off at 4:21^. Hainault, place.
6-5; show, 3-5. Illilouon, place, 3-5; show. 1-3. Kirby. show. 5-2. Winner, br g. by,
f?t Carlo- Libbertlfllbbett. Trained by J. Reavey. Scratched— Pierce J. Lady Athellng,
Laocoon Start good. Won all driving. Hainault well rated. He wa» straight aa a
telerraph pole at the flninh. and if Crosswaite had hand ridden Illilouon Instead of using
the whip last eighth the latter would have won. Kirby ran , his race. So did North
West. Col. Van can do better with more experienced handling. *Lo» Angeles Index
(6576). '
Seattle-Tacoma Game Postponed.
SEATTLE. May 3. — Seattle-Tacoma
game postponed on account of rain.
(CALIFORNIA LEAGUE.)
W. L. Pet. I W- L. Pet.
Taexxna. ....21 12 .C^C Seattle 17 14 .WW
Los An*elee.2O 15 .571 San Fran. ..16 1» .«•
Oakland 11) 15 .«7:IPortland • • • « 2« .-1J
Perhaps J. Morley might have copped j
another baseball game yesterday had
ecifle cne shanghaied ponderous Wil
liam Massey on the road between San
Frantisco and the beautiful little vil
lage of Golden Gate. But the shanghai
mefl were not working yesterday, and
therefore Mr. Massey arrived in time
•to come up with the club twice and to
. cjout the ball hard enough to clear the
bags each time. Score — San Francisco
• 6, Los Angeles 2.
• . The first big sensation was pulled off
ere the game had become more than a
: "few minutes old. Hildebrand opened it
iyj with a single to right, and Waldron
and Meany stuns 6afely also, filling the
bags, with no one down. Irwin forced
Hildebrand at the plate and Leahy
Firuck out, so it looked good for Mr.
Kangaroo Baum till Massey swung
tttrough with that three-time wallop to
. center and let every one come in.
Then the game was a dead one for
several rounds. Baum got busy and
'. better all the time and none of the lo
cals could approach his sazzlers till the
. oighth. Then there were some more big
• doings. With two gone, Meany smashed
a double along the right field line, and
-Irwin responded with a drive to left
.that brougrht the run in. Leahy was
: passed, and again Massey was there
vith a triple, which finished up the
day's work. It should have been a
"liomer, but the umpire said "out" at
" the rlate. although Big Bill slid under
the throw.
The Angels got theirs on errors all
• t-he lime, arid could not hit the
l>all at the right time. In fact, they
.displayed that lack of walloping abil
ity that has been their weakness from
•Tr? ftart. "Whenever there was & run
ner on the ba-«es each and every bats
ir.an tried to kill the ball, and conse
quently no runs happened. The score:
San Francises— ! Los Angeles—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A
Hiiflbfi.ir 3 0 15 1 Brnhd.cf 4 1 3 »> 0 1
3 12 1 OFloo«rb 4 0 0 2 3
•Mra-y.rf 4 2 3 0 © Smith.Sb 4 0 0 13
lr»m.3b 4 2 13 2«>fcvth,r* 4 0 13 1
J/>»hyr 3 1 « 1 ORoiS.lf 4 O 1 3 1
Msser.lb 4 O 2 11 OChase.lb 4 10 7 0
>n4ss.2b 3 © 1 3 5 Tomn.2b 4 0 0 2 0
fStSarja 2 0 0 2 HEager.c 3 0 16 1
. Terkes.p 3 0 0 1 CiBaum.p 3 © 0 0 S
Total*. 23 6 10 27 16' Totals. 34 2 6 24 11
nU.VS AND HITS BT IN'NIN'GS.
l>o* Anirele* ...OOOO1 1OOO— 2
Baw hits 1 000220 10—6
farr Francisco ..3 00O0O03 x — 6
Baf* bits 4 0 1 0 1 0 1 3 x— 10
SUMMAHT.
Stolen bases — Waliroa. Meacy, Irwin. Ber
nard. Ohai»e. Three-base hits — Massey (2).
Krrors — Miller <2). Andersen, Maseey, Tomtn.
Two-baw hit* — E*per. Bernard, Meany. Sacri
flc» hill ,Hrm*i. Walflron. Firet base en er
• ront — San Frar.cis-o. J: Lo« Anreles, 4. First
I'Use on called balls — Off Baum, 2. li«ft on
Jbaser — San FrancJaco, 3; Lcs Angeles, 6.
Struck out — By Baum. 4. Double plays — Cr«
- vath trt Toman: An<ierson to Miller to Mas-
Bey. Wild pitch — Baum. Time of game — One
-.hour 40 minutes. L'mrtre — Blethen.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
AB.R. H. P.A.j AB.I1. H. P.A.
Drnan cf.5 112 o'Ganly, rf.5 0 0 11
M'Crdt, rf.4 0 0 0 0 rrr.cks. s.5 0 0 2 4
Frir.n. lb.4 1 0 IS 2 Krugr, cf.5 2 4 10
Castro. B..4 O 3 1 7jMkmn. If. 5 0 110
Thtmn. If. 4 0 O 1 O'Sehfly. 2b.:t 12 13
Beck 2b.. 4 O O 4 4!streib. lb.5 1 1 13 O
FYncie. 3b. 4 Oil IJDevrx. 3b.4 0221
Ftelmn. c.3 12 5 3 Lohmn. c.4 O O S 1
Druhct. p. 3 O O 1 4; Buchan.p.4 0 1 1 1
Shea 1 0OO ©I
1 TotaU.40 4 11 SO 11
Total«.36 3 7 30 21|
UUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland Orto.100000 O—3
Baje hits... O130110O0 1 — 7
Oakland OOOO1O1 1 0 1 — 4
Base hits... 110010231 2—11
SUMMARY.
Errors — Castro, Mosklman. Earned runs—Oak
land 3. Stolen bases— Drennan, litnley. Bases
on balls — Off Druhot, 2; off Buchanan. 1.
Struck out — By Druhot. 4; by Buchanan. 8.
Two-base hits — Kruger (2). Devereaux. Steel
man. Three-base hit— Steelman. Sacrifice hit
— Steelman. L«ft on bases — Portland 4. Oak
land 8. First base on errors — Portland 1. Oak
land 1. Time of game — Two hours and five
minutes. Umpire — Huston.
PORTLAND, Or., May 3.— Oakland
played a wonderful uphill game to-day
and won in the tenth inning. The scores
came one at a time and, like drawing
teeth, in the face of a big lead gained
by Portland in the third. Young
Buchanan was not altogether to blame
for the burst of speed shown by the
home team. Moskiman's rank errors
helped present the runs. After the third
Buchanan settled down and pitched
championship ball. The score: .
Portland — ' Oakland —
Two objections were filed to the al
leged record. It was claimed, first, that
the trial was not properly advertised;
second, that the mile was made in
about 2:05 and wrongly announced at
1:59%, giving the stallion a mark not
rightfully his. A considerable number
of horsemen who held watches on Cres
ceus are alleged to have caught his
time all the way from 2:04% to 2:06.
Those who made the fight against the
allowance of the alleged record claimed
that all three of the watches which
took the horse's time were borrowed
watches, and that not one was held by
an experienced timer. They also de
clare this— a most significant circum
stance, if well founded— that each of
the timers has declared that all three
watches caught each quarter in the
same time. Not among the best and
most experienced timers In the United
States has there ever been known such
a condition of affairs. The best watches
and the best timers will catch the quar
ters a fifth or a quarter of a second
apart.
CHICAGO, May 3.— The board of ap
peals of the American Trotting Asso
ciation at a meeting here to-day re
fused to recognize the record of 1:59%
claimed to have been made by the trot
ter Cresceus on the grounds of the
Wichita Fair last fall. The finding of
the association follows: ; f J
"From the evidence submitted by the
Southern Kansas Fair Association.
Wichita, Kans^ and George Ketcham,
Toledo, we find that the performance
of Cresceus on the grounds of the
Wichita Fair Association on the 19th
of October, 1903, was not conducted in
accordance with the rules of the Amer
ican Trotting Association governing
performances against time, and that
the time of 1:59% then and there
claimed to have been made by said
horse is neither a record nor a bar un
der the said rules.
"It Is therefore ordered and deter
mined that the application to establish
such record be and the same Is hereby
denied."
W. P. IJams of Indianapolis presided
at to-day's meeting. The board finished
Its work to-night and adjourned sub
ject to call.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards—
Masterman won. Wotan. second. Sheriff Bell
third. Time. 1:45 1-5.
Third race, six furlonga — Mary Glenn won.
Burning Glass second. Clear the Arena third.
Time. 1:15.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Lady Amelia ana
Jacquin ran a dead heat, Tim Payn« third.
Time. 1:13 3-5. In the run-off Jacquin won.
Time 1:17 3-5. '
Fifth race one mile and seventy yards — Go
Between won, Namtor second, Tantalus Cup
third. Time. 1:44 3-5.
NEW YORK, May 3.— The feature
event at Jamaica racetrack to-day re
suted in the biggest turf sensation of
years. Lady Amelia, carrying VIZ
pounds and favorite in the betting at -
to 1 for the Wllliamsburg handicap, a
spring affair for three-year-olds, ran a
dead heat with Jacquin.
Johnson's colt was in at 118 pounds,
and under a superb ride by O'Xeill he
lasted Just long enough to get a deci
sion of a dead heat with the Thomas
fllly. Thomas did not want to run off
the race, being willing: to split the
purse. As Johnson was confident hla
colt could win, he refused this offer.
At the start In the run-off Jacquin
jumped into the lead shortly after the
barrier was snapped and remained
there to the end, winning easily by five
lengths. Johnson had 52500 on his colt
to win. and before the run-off he offered
to bet $5000 even that Jacquin would
defeat the filly.
Outside this race there was no note
worthy feature to the card. Only one
favorite won. although the track condi
tions were excellent. A big crowd wit
nessed the races. Summary:
First race, six furlongs — Rob Roy won.
Young Henry second. Gay Lothario third.
Time. 1 :ia 3-5.
Second race, four and a half furlong* — St.
Bel'ane won. Melrcse second. Nevadan third.
Time. :55.
The Best They Get Is Two
" .Tallies, Though They Have
Several Chances to Score
Claim Is Made That Timers
W r ere Inexperienced and
Used Borrowed Watches
In the Run-Off He Jumps
Into'the Lead and Finishes
First by Five Lengths
Once Past Third Period He
Settles Down and Pitches
in Championship Style
ANGELS WEAK WITH BAT
KULES NOT OBSERVED
With Nullah, Vasallo, Solon and
Louis Wagner out of the way, Rey
Dare looked the most eligible of the
six starters in the seven-furlong selling
number. The Nealon entry enjoyed first
call, but later, when a heavy play came
in on Mocorito, it was 2 to 1 and take
your pick. The latter mare at no time
looked dangerous. Tom Slavin made
a'll the running, and it took hard urg
ing on the part of C. Kelly to get Rey
Dare up In time to win by less than a
length. Moor was third.
If Crosswaite, who rode IHHouon, fa
vorite for the concluding mile and sev
enty yard event, had not been given a
whip the chances are Billy Randall's
gelding would have won. As It was,
Roach made all the running with
Hainault, downing the favorite by less
than a length in a driving finish. Cross
waite drew his whip a furlong from
home, whereas if he had resorted to
handriding the decision would unques
tionably have been reversed. The show
fell to J. V. Kirby.
NOTES OF TIIE TRACK.
Jerry Roach piloted two winners.
An excellent field starts this after
noon in the handicap at one mile and
100 yards.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Six and a half furlonge; four
year-olds and up; gelline:
0711 Flyer (Ryan) 103
C(J71 Headwater (Carey) 105
f.7H Mountebank (Keating) 107
0W7 .Marello (Quinlan) 105
C715 -Kalr Lady Anna (Figaro Stable) 102
C7i:; "Montana Peeress (Coffey) Hh)
GC01 Oscar Tolle <Klunder) 110
«»9 Lunga (McMichael) 100
5981 Resin (Cohen & Co.) lot
tOl'J Tltu« (Painter) 10.1
<£SS Duke of Klchelleu (Gottung) Hil
67<XS »Estado (Vernon Stable) 100
Second race — Four and a half furlongs; two
year-clds; purse: '
<«700)Cardlnal .Sarto (Summers) 10.S
ti*712 Salable (Blasingame) 103
<i>712)I£duardo (Blakeman) 110
<(!7(Hi)Silco (Kl Prlmero Stable) ll:j
«t»4 Squire Johnson (Miller) .«. 101
flWC Roman I>ady (Matdonough) 98
C712 George P. McNear (Stover) 11(1
(J7C0 Mogregor (Blanch! & Co.) 105
6712 Sea Air (McLaughlln) 110
Third race — One and an eighth miles; four
yar-iAdf and up; selling:
<G707)*Illowaho (Stover) 85
0654 Petrolia (McCarty) U8
6707 Henry Clay Rye (Crysler) 100
C710 Glenrice (Guthrle) 08
0710 Golden Light (Bianchl &. Co.) 100
C665 'CaneJo (Kirk & Co.) 100
e«74 Cloche d'Or (Coffey) us
«720 Moor (Gilbert) 07
6«95 Invlctus (Gabriel) 107
(0713)RedwaId (Magrane) 1(>4
6710 *Ada X (Antrim Stable) 00
6695 Prestolus (Devin) 07
Fourth race— Mile and 100 yards; three
year-olds and up; handicap:
0678 Divina (El Prlmero Stable.... l(tfl
5704 Flush of Gold (Owen) 06
6C96 Joe Leeser ( Beams) 100
(«714)Caronal (Chappell) ni
6716 Gateway 'LottrJdg-e) j)«
0714 Veterano (Vlvell) H(>
(G716) Ananias (Schorr) nr>
CCftC Gorgalette (Fitzgerald) »o
<T7O8 Orchan (Edgewood Farm) 9<)
C714 Carat (McAllister & Co.) 06
FlfUi rcce — Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; purse:
0613 Geisha Girt (Robinson) 105
6709 Victoria S (O'Connor) ....102
6rtl3 My, Surprise (Mounce) ....107
(6689)Olymplan (Schorr) .'....110
656S J T B, formerly Tod Sloan (Herzog)..104
r>495 Royal Rogue (Nealon) 107
6727 John A. Scott (Jones) Ho
6705 Adnor (Jones) - 104
6715 Louis Wagner (Blakeman) 110
6646 Rosebud (Parker) 105
r>47S Oroeius (Bailey & Co.).. 107
6607 Oronte (Piedmont Stable).: ...110
Sixth race — Mile and fifty yards; three
year-olds and up; selling:
0674 "Solon (Ryan) 101
6702 Laocoon (Coffey) 54
«6R2 •Ora Viva . (Fountain) ; ico
(C«s»8)G. W. Trahern (Summers & Co.).... .ill
(fj6«2)*Byronerdate (Crane) 1 02
B007 •Estraxa (Kind) wz
«6fl<i 'Forest Kinc (Jones).. J04
fl72ft Mocorito (Wellman) 101
6704 Major Tenny (Piedmont Stable) ....... lotf
•Apprentice allowance. |
REY DARE JUST LANDS.
Cassie W, from the stable of James
Nealon, was served fresh off the coals
for the introductory sprint. The mare
closed an S to 5 favorite and after
showing speed for about a sixteenth of
a mile, faded away to a" whisper. Maud
Muller looked all over a winner, \vhen_
Roach, on Rustic Girl, closed with a'
rush, earning a nose decision. Joe
Jones, astride Step Around, took the
show.
No doubt if Jones -was carded to ride
a Government mule his mount would
be installed favorite. This is a high
tribute to the lad's skill, but misleading
at times. , Joe had the leg up on Meada,
which opened an 8 to 6 choice for the
two-year-old scramble. The fllly looked
a scarecrow, and her price receded to
13 to 5. She ran a poor race. Cloud
light, an 8 to 1 shot, with Reed in the
saddle, ran away from her company,
winning hands down from Head Dance
in 4SU seconds. Marie J finished third.
McBride landed Gold Finder first for
the mile selling affair. The gelding
went to the post a 6 to 5 favorite, and
overhauling the pacemaker, Chlleno,
the last eighth crossed the line first by
a length. Harry Beck, which lost
ground by bolting at the start, came
from the rear, running third.
CASSIE \V FADES AW.AY.
Splendid racing weather and an at
tractive card drew a large attendance.
The track was fast and three favorites
picked up purses.
The "yaller" horse, Money Muss,
sporting: the colors of Ed Gaylord, the
wealthy Denverite, and Mlsty's Pride,
the crack" Oregon-bred mare from Sam
Jones' stable, locked horns in the Fu
turity course sprint at Oakland yes
terday and victory rested with the for
mer when the dust had cleared away.
The .betting favored Money Muss at
odds of 7 to 5. and he was well ridden
by Jones.
For a time Misty's Pride showed in
the lead, then the favorite assumed
charge of affairs and, though both were
tiring badly at the end, the latter
reached the wire first by nearly a
length. As the race was run, John A.
Scott, with good handling, would have
scored, but the show was the best he
got.
BUCHANAN IS CLEVER
THE COLT FINALLY WINS
Cloudlight Takes the
Two - Year - Old
Scramble.
Beats Portland in the Tenth
Inning. After Overcoming
an Apparently Safe Lead
Is Thrown Out by the
* Board of Appeals of Ameri
, can Trotting Association
Lady Amelia and Jacquin
3Ieet in a Sensational
Eace at Jamaica Track
* Uncle's Ponderous First
' .Baseman .Twice Breaks Up
.Game on Oakland Diamond
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
MASSEY BRINGS
F1YE MEN HOME
OAKLAND PLAYS
UPHILL GAME
MONEY MUSS, WITH JONES IN THE SADDLE,
DOWNS THE OREGON MARE MISTY'S PRIDE
CRESCEUS' MILE
NOT A RECORD
HORSES FINISH
IN DEAD HEAT
RECORD OF 1:59 3-4 CLAIMED FOR TROTTER CRESCEUS IS NOT ALLOWED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , WEDNESDAY. MAY 4, 1904.
10GIBRALTAR — Arrived Anr 30— Stmr Koe
nlgen Lulse. from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 2— Stmr Vader
land. from Antwerp; stmrs Noord Amerlka and
Prince Adelbert. from Genoa.
OCEAN STEAMERS
stmr Denderah, from Hamburg, for San Fran
cisco.
HAMBURG— In port Apr- 20— Ger bark
Urania, from Port Los Angeles, for Antwerp.
KINSALE— Passed May 2 — Br bark Anna
sona, from Eureka, for U. K.,
KOBE— Sailed Apr 16— Br stmr Ascot.
MURORAN— Sailed Apr 10 — Br stmr Tot
tenham, for Shanghai.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived May • 2 — Br ship
Vincent, from Oregon.
SUEX— Arrived May 2^ — Ger «tmr Albenga,
from Yokohama, for New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 3— Fr bark Ba
bln Chevaye. hence Jan i.
Passed May :t — Fi uark Amiral Halgan,
from Astoria, for UK. , - • -.
SWANSEA— Sailed May 1— Fr bark Gene
vleve Molinos, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived May 3 — Stmr Korea,
hence Anr 16.
FISAGUA — Arrived May 3 — Bktn Echo,
from Columbia River,
HAIPHONG — Arrived May 2— Schr Forest
Home, from Port Gamble.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Fr bark Marie Mollnos, Chotard, 118 days
from Swansea.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, May 3.
Stmr Panta Ouz. Alberts. San Pedro,; Pa
cific CVait S. S. Co.
t^tmr Francis H. Leggett. Reiner Midway,
via Honolulu; Alfred H. Toft & Co. '
Ship Star of Italy. Wlster, Pyramid Har
bor; Alaska Packers' Association.
SAILED.
Tuesday, May 3.
Stmr F. A. Kilburn. Jahnsen, Port Rogers.
Ptmr Eureka. Jessen. Pedro.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberts. Pun Pedro.
Stmr Arcata, XelFon, Coos Bay.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay. .
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, San Pedro.
Stmr XuffhasAk, Larson, Bristol Bay.
Stmr ChehalK Martin. South Bend.
Stmr /Argo. Dunham. Port Kenyon.
Stmr MarshfleM. Dettmers. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Santa Barbara, ; Zaddart, Seattle.
Ptmr Navarro, Weber, Eureka.
Bktn Arago, Semsen, South Bend.
Schr Salem, Anderson, Olympla.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LORDS, May 3, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy: wind N\V, velocity 23 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Apr 21— In lat 4S N. long 7 W, Br ship
Olaucus, from Antwerp, for San Diego.
Apr 13— In lat 10 N, long 27 W, Fr bark
Pierre Lotl, from Peiiarth for Honolulu.
Apr 2-2— In lat OS N. long 41 W, Fr bark
Amiral Hainan, from Oregon, for U. K. .
Per Fr bark Marie Mollnos — Apr 30. 500
miles west of San Francisco, spoke schr
Oceania Vance, from San Diego for Port
Townsend.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 3— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence Apr 30; stmr Jeanie, hence Apr
20: stmr Dolphin, from Skagway.
Sailed May 3, 9:30 a m— Stmr Senator, for
San Francisco.
Sailed Mar 3— Br bark Clssle. for Mel
bourne.
Arrived May 3-^Stmr Jeanfe, hence Apr 29.
REDONDO— Arrived May 3— Schr W. F.
Jewett, from Tacoma.
Sailed May 3 — Schr Azalia, for San Pedro;
bktn Gardiner City, for San Pedro; etmr
Asuncion, for Pan Francisco; schr Honolulu,
for Port Townsend.
Arrived May 3 — Stmr Acme, hence May 2.
SAX DIEGO — Arrived May 3— Stmr Coqullle
River, from Crescent City.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 3— Schr Charles
E. Falk, from Redondo; echr Honolulu, from
Redondo; hktn Gardiner City; stmr Aberdeen,
hence Apr 20.
Hailed May 3 — Schr Argus, for Port Blake
ley; stmrs Aberdeen and Alcatrnz, for San
Francisco.
ABERDEEN — Arrive*! May 3— Schr Watson
A. West, from Grays Harbor; ftmr San Pedro,
from Eureka.
Sailed — May 3 — Stmr Newburg, for San
Francleco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed May 3— Stmr Bo
nita. for San Francisco.
BELLINGHAM — Arrived May 3— Stmr
Shasta, hence Apr 29.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 2-«-Stmr George
Loomls, hence "Apr 29.
Sailed May 3 — Schr Andy Mahoney, for San
Pedro.
Arrived May 3 — Ger ship Nal, hence Apr 16. !
POINT REYES— Paesed May 3— Stmr Rob- |
ert Dollar, from' Anacortes, for San Pedro, I
BANDON— Sailed May 2— Schr LUzle Prien,
for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 3— Schr Wa
wona, from Si»n Pedro.
TATOOSH — Paused outward May 3 — Br stmr
Wyefleld, from Nanaimo, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
• HONOLULU — Arrived May 3 — Br stmr Gae- i
lie, hence Apr 20.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 2— Br stmr Sa«-
Ima. from Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— In port Apr 22— Br ship Bar
flllan for San Francisco, to sail May 10;
Br ship Peter Iredale, for San Francisco, • to
sail June 1. •
BELLE ISLAND — In port Apr 16 — Br bark
General Foy, for San Francisco, via Swansea.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived May 2— Ital ship
Ninfa from Orcgron.
HONGKONG— Arrived Apr 20— Br stmr Hy
son, from Liverpool, for Puget Sound.
Sailed Apr 29 — Br stmr Indravelll. for New
York.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Apr 16 — Ger ; stmr
Neko. for Hamburg.
OYSTER HARBOR— Arrived May 3 — Stmr
Chlco, from Astoria; Nor stmr Tellus, hence
Apr 29.
SYDNEY— Sailed Apr 20— Br ship Ditton,
for San Francisco, via Newcastle, Aus.
Arrived prior May 3 — Br ehlp General Rob
erts, hence Feb 20.
TENERIFFE — Sailed Apr 14 — Ger stmr
Ramses, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO — Sailed Apr 22 — Ger stmr
Luxor, for San Francisco.
ARENAS— Arrived Apr 14— Ger
A . .-f'trfect cream, preserved without
S-US3T. order Pioneer Brand Evaporated
OesSh. It has a deligrhtful. natural fla
vor _ and is superior to the richest raw
cream you can buy. with the added assur
anrrf of bein* sterilized. Prepared by
Bordeng Condensed Milk Co. •
If You Want
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May 3.
Stwr Alliance, Hard wick. 4% days from
Portland, via Astoria 3 days, via Eureka 22
Stnir Chehalls, Martin, 69 hours from Ban
Stmr Montara, Reilly, 84 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Pomo. Ahlln. 12 hours from Albion,
via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr F. A. Kilburn. Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rosers.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. 14 hours from Cas
par, bound, for San Pedro, called in for pas-
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, 16 ; hours from
Santa Cruz.
Stmr National City. Hammer, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg ,
Shipping Intelligence.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Tiro* and Hrjght of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San FrancUco
Bay. Published by official authority ol
the Superintendent.
NOTE^ — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide U the tame at both p'-aces.
""WEDNESDAY, MAY 4.
Sun rise* • 3:10
Sun set* r\\'™"
Moon rl«e« ;.11:29 p. m.
O iTImel ITlxne) Time Time
» C_. Ft 1 Ft. Ft. I i Ft.
7 'h -wi |L vrj \a w 1LW
"I T52 8.0 8:C2 0,0 4:07 4.6 8:40 S.2
5 2:45 4.7 »:45 0.4 5:05 4.6 10:02 3.2
a 342 4.3 10:35 0.7 6:00 4.6 11:20 3.2
7 4:4S 4.011:29 1.0 6:40 4.« ..........
L W H W L W H W
g 0-30 3.0 6:05 3.9 12:17 1.3 7:26 4.9
a 1-25 2.7 7:12 3.8 1:10 1.5 8:05 6.0
10 I 2:10 2.11 8:14| 3.9 1:54 1.7) 8:40 5.1
~NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
Sun, Moon and Tide.
¦ Steamer. • For. Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & Way. Ports. May 4
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 6
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. May 8
Bertha Valdea & Way Ports.. May 10
Corwln Nomd May 12
Cottage City. 8kagway & Way Ports. May 13
Santa Ana... Valdeg & Way Ports.. May 16
Branch Hydrofrraphle Office. U. S. K. Mer
chants' Exchange. Ban Francisco, Cal.,
May 3. 1&04.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building wag dropp'Ml exactly at noon to-day —
i e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p" ni. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, V. 8. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
Charters.
Tbe British ship Cleomene (at San Pedro) Is
chartered for lumber from Puget Sound to Port
Natal or Delagoa Bay at B6s 3d — chartered In
England- . .":
r'rThe United States Civil Service
("¦•bmrriission announce* the following 1
txfirnihation on May 21: Chief marine
'¦<te£m "engineer, quartermaster's de
uarirrfent at large; age limit, 21 years
\f ,t-- river. There are seven vacancies
'\r- be filled at salaries of $1500 per
fenntea each. Assistant marine en
&y-fT, quartermaster's department at
'_';.• rc'-r age limit, 21 years or over.
•.T}'<:re are seven vacancies to be filled
"51 "fa lories of $1080 each. Marine
*:Treirfa"n,- quartermaster's department
-r.'-ii/rfc.-; ape limit, 20 years or over.
-Tcere axr twenty-one vacancies to be
JCjfti at Varies of $660 per annum
.-.^tli-. • Applicants for engineers and
¦.:?-.!>;/ tants, must submit with their ap
¦;j '"igatieihs marine engineer's license
¦JCi^txpan-cping vessels of at least 500
'.t"Hk -negister. Apply to the United
Civil Service Commission,
r .\Veahlb{Eton, D. C. for application
•.'f(Twh' < lp93, amended. No application
•JkOX. be.TOcetv*d unless properly exe
,'}v^r«J '.and filed with the commission
-Washington prior to the hour of
vClpginx business on May 21, 1904.
-s Marine Engineers and Firemen.
The British ship County Kinross, which is
chartered to carry lumber from Puget Sound
to Great Britain, will leave here with a green
crew. Sailors are scarce both here and on
Puget Bound and Captain Collins had to take
euch hands as he could ret.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship Aca
pulco, Captain Russell, which was due yes
terday from Panama, will have a short stay
in port, being scheduled to call again on Sa.
urday. The loss of the Colon makes this
necessary In order to preserve the weekly
schedule.
The steamship Oregon, due to-day from
Portland, will make, only one more trlD for
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company.
She Is scheduled to leave Seattle June 1 for
Nome. /
The ateamer Francis H. Letgett sailed yes
terday for Midway via Honolulu with supplies
for the cable station.
Water Front Notes.
The whaling bark John and Wlnthrop put
Into Yokohama April 13 without her rudder.
No details have been received as to how she
sustained the loss.
Whaler Loses Rudder.
TO SAIL
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
May 4.
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct... 12 m Pier 8
J. Hlgglns.. Los Angeles Ports. 11 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier U
Elizabeth..!. Coqullle River 10 am Pier 20
Alliance J Eureka & Coos B. 6 pm Pier 10
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Pomona. ... I Humboldt l:30pPier 9
May S.
laqua Humboldt 1 pm Pier 2
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm:Fier 2
State of Cal j San Diego & Way. 9 amlPier 11
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amVler 9
Sierra Sydney & Way... 2 pm Pier 7
May 6.
Coronado... Loa Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
May 7.
Centralia..-. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
5. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Spokane... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
Sequoia Willapa Harbor...,- 4 pra Pier 20
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Mongolia... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama.112 m Pier 40
Curacao Mexican Ports 110 am Pier 11
May 8. I |
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
6. Roea San Diego & Way. 9 am 1 Pier II s -
Kay 9.
Argp Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
May 10.
Senator Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 9
May 11. |
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm I Pier 10
Newhurg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
B. Cruz San Pedro & Way. 8 am Pier 11
May 12. I
G. W. Elq>i Astoria & Portland 11 em Pier 24
Amer. Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor Pier —
May 14.
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoraa. 10 am Pier 20
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Acapulco New York via Panama. |May 4
Hero Oyster Harbor |May 4
Oregon Portland & Astoria (May 4
Bontta Newport & Way Ports. !May 4
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.jMay 5
Del Norte Creocent City May ft
Rival Humboldt |May 5
KantaRoPa.. San Diego & Way Pts.|May 5
Spokane I Huir.bol<1t |May r>
Point Arena.. Mendorino & Pt. ArenaiMay 5
laqua | fan Pedro !May 5
Newburg Orays Harbor May 6
Eureka Humboldt May «5
N'orthFork.. Humboldt May 0
Sequoia Willapa Harbor May 6
Senator Puget Pound Ports May (J
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor May 7
S.Monica I Grays Harbor May 7
Wvefleld ; Nanaimo May 7
Centralia San Pedro May 7
Nome City... San Pedro May 7
O. I-lndauer.. Grays Harbor 'May 7
M. Dollar Pan Pedro |May 7
Argo Eel River Ports [May 7
Arcata • Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. May 8
Pomona Humboldt jMay 8
Santa Cruz..' San Pedro & Way Pts. May 8
Jeanie .. . Seattle & Tacoma May 8
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria |May 9
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.iMay U
Pomo Point Arena A. Albion. May 10
Ban Pedro Grayp Harbor May 10
Alameda Honolulu May 10
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports (May 11
Peru New York via Panama. IMay 13
Doric China & Japan |May 14
The raie of reinsurance on the French bajk
Larnorlciere was advanced yesterday to 75 per
cent. She is out 1S2 daya from New Caledonia
for Glasijow. The Lamorna is quoted at 90
and the Alba at 10 per cent.
The British phlp Howth. which left her«
October 12 for Liverpool, has put Into Terre
Bay. Dartmouth. The captain reports that
the x'eseel is short of provisions. Her bottom
is very foul and a request has been made for
a towboat to take her to her destination. The
Howth was Ff>oken during the voyaire and
supplied with provisions by a passing vessel.
?
The Overdue List.
The British phlp Holt IIU1, bound from Ham
burs for Oregon, which put Into Montevideo
a few davs ago in distress, will be repaired
at the South American port. Trie repairs will
coet $14,000 and will be completed In , fifty
flays. In addition to the expense of repairs
$500 will have to be paid for restowlngr the
rarso.
«
Short of Provisions.
The steamship Pennsylvania, which came
to this coast durinx the- Klondike rush and
FUbs>equently served as an army transoort, ar
rived on Monday at Philadelphia. After th^
Spanish war th» American Line Fteamer found
little work on rhlc coast and after a long rest
oa the mud her owners ordered her bark to
the Atlantic. She has been chartered for ser
vice as a whoo! phlp and will rnake a cruise
around the world with a large company of
youngster? In training for the merchant marine.
Repairs Will Cost $14,000
Is at Philadelphia.
TO ARRIVE
Movements of Steamers.
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column glveB the last tide of the
day. except wh*n there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. Th<? heights griven are In
addition to the sounding- of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
slrn precedes the height, and then the number
Riv»n Is FUbtracted from th»* depth by
the rharts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
«. .
THE PENNSYLVANIA. WHICH CAR
RIED PASSENGERS TO ALASKA
DURING THE KLONDIKE RUSH.
In addition to her passengers the
Xushagak carries a large cargo of can
nery supplies and has on deck two little
steam tugs far service at the station.
The ship Star of Italy cleared yester
day for Pyramid Harbor.
The Alaska Packers* Association's
new steamer Nushagak started yester
day on her maiden voyage. Rristol
Bay is her destination and she has on
board the heads c-f the different de
partments in charge of the curing,
packing and shipping of the season's
salmon catch. During the salmon sea
son the at-other-times deserted can
nery stations are converted Into thick
ly populated, bustling communities.
The sailing vessels, some sixty of
which are now on the way, carry the
bulk cf the population and by the time
the managers, assistant managers and
other executive officers, who make up
the Xushagak's complement of pas
sengers, reach Bristol Bay, they will
find the beach alive with laborers of
all classes, ready to harvest the catch
of red-fleshed fish. »
Lieutenant William H. Patterson,
quartermaster at the Rodeo rifle range
at Fort Baker, announces that the
rapid-firing practice of the Second Bat
talion of the Tenth Infantry will be
gin early on Thursday morning.
The new range has proved a success,
and the promoters, Captain Frank L.
Winn and Lieutenant Patterson, are
naturally proud that their work has
been rewarded with success.
The colored troopers of the Ninth
Cavalry will engage in their usual reg
ulation problem exercise on the golf
links this morning at 9 o'clock. Cap
tain Cornish will be in command.
Captain John J. Bradley, Fourteenth
Infantry, who was compelled to leave
his command in the Philippines, owing
to the illness of his wife, has been or
dered to report for duty to General
MacArthur. Mrs. Bradley, who is* se
riously ill, suffering from an attack of
mental prostration, is now at a private
sanitarium near San Mateo. Captain
Bradley's three little children have
been sent to their grandparents in
Portland, Or.
The many friends of Captain Joseph
A. Sladen. U. S. A., retired, will regret
to learn of his serious illness. From
the Pacific to the Atlantic his name is
broadly known in army circles. He
has been a gallant soldier in the army
for forty years. In the service of his
country he lost his right leg. His pres
ent malady is the result of nervous in
digestion.
Major Thomas W. Griffith. Twenty
eighth Infantry, called at headquarters
yesterday. He has Just been promoted
from a captaincy, which promotion
transferred him from the Twenty-sev
enth" Infantry to his present position.
Colonel Thomas H. Handbury, United
States Engineers, is still at the General
Hospital. While very sick he is slowly
gaining health and is on the road to
recovery.
The hospital board of examiners,
headed by Colonel George H. Torney,
is now ir. session at the General Hospi
tal at the Presidio. Six candidates are
up for admittance to the medical corps
of the United States army.
Captain J. T. Haines, Eleventh Cav
alry, called at headquarters yesterday
on his way to Fort Riley, Kans.
The Association for the Improvement
and Adornment of San Francisco will
this evening, at a dinner given In honor
of D. H. Burnham of Chicago, open up
the subject of what may be done to
make San Francisco more j beautiful
and attractive. To supply his views on
this point of general public interest
Architect Burnham has come to San
Francisco upon invitation of the di
rectors of the Association for,the Im
provement and Adornment of San Fran
cisco, who are the following: James D.
Phelan. William G. Irwin, Allan Pollok.
F. W. Dohrmann, William Greer Har
rison, Leon SIoss, T. Cary Friedlander.
J. W. Byrne and Herbert E. Law. The
dinner will take place at the St. Fran
cis Hotel. In addition to Mr. Burnham
and the directors there will be present
quite a number of others that are in
terested in the progress of the city.
Invitations have been sent out to the
presidents of various associations, clubs
and trade bodies, the purpose being to
secure co-operation as much as possible
in the work to be undertaken. On the
list of those that are expected to be
present are:
Jam's JL>. Phelan. president of the Bohemian
Club; William Greer Harrison, president of the
Olympic Club; T. C Friedlander, secretary of
the Merchants' Kxchange; Allan Pollok, man
ager of tbt St. Francis Hotel; Dr. Hartlanri
I.itw. xiresident of the Van Ness Improvement
Club: John McNaucht of The Call; Thomas
McCaleb, secretary of the Association for the
Improvement and Adornment of San Fran
cisco; Willis Polk, architect; D. H. Burnham,
Leon Sloss. trustee of the Stanford University;
H. U. Brandensteln, Supervisor; William
Keith, artist; Rufus P. Jennings, executive
officer of the California Promotion Committee;
Lionel Deane. secretary of San Francisco Chap
ter of the American Institute of Architects:
Dr. d'Ancona, Supervisor; J. W. Reid, arch
itect; S. G. Murphy, president of the First Na
tional Bank of San Francisco; A? Altman,
Park Commissioner; J. W. Byrne, president
of the Taciflc Union Club; R. H. .Fletcher,
secretary of the San Francisco Art 1 Associa
tion; Henrv A. Schulze, vice president of the
American Institute of Architects: Charles A.
Murdock, A. A. Watklns, president of ' the
Beard of Trade of San Francisco: W. B.
Bourn, president of the University Club, and
Geor~e W. Turner of the Presidio Heights
Improvement Club.
Notices have been sent out calling
a meeting of many public spirited citi
zens with the directors of the Associa
tion for the Improvement and Adorn
ment of San Francisco, to be held in
the Maple room of the Palace Hotel
Friday evening, at which Architect
Burnham also will be present.
Millions Received From Japan.
Customs Collector Stratton reports
a stream of sold flowing: into ' this
country from Japan during the last
few months in payment of the ex
cess over the balance of trade in fa
vor of the United States. This golden
stream is in return for supplies sent
from this country to Japan to antici
pate the demand caused by the exist
ing war. The sums received are as
follows in American gold values: De
cember, 1903, S2, 142, 000; January,
1904. $2,545,000; February. $2,866,
000; March, $6,157,000; April, $6,899,
000.
YOUNG LADIES' SODALITY
WILL ENTERTAIN FRIENDS
Prosxninmc of Musical and Dramatic
Numbers Will Be Presented by
Church Women.
The Young Ladles' Sodality of St.
Charles Church will gtve a musical
and dramatic entertainment this
evening at Mission Turn Verein Hall,
Eighteenth and Valencia streets.
A special programme, consisting of
the following numbers, has been pre
pared:
Overture, Hynes' Orchestra: Introductory re
marks A B Magulre; Irish airs. Miss Barr;
Jig and reel. Gaelic Dancing Club; songs. Gar
den City Sextet. J
The popular farce, "A Box of
Monkeys," will be presented, by some
of the best amateur talent in the city
under the direction of Miss Mollie
Riley. the clever playwright.
The cast of characters is as follows:
Edward Kalston. owner of mine. Hugh T. SIu-
Cann; Chauncey Oglethorpe. his partner, Stan
iMtuH A. Riley: Colonel Bengallne, aristocrat,
John A. Rafters: Luira Bengaline, his daugh
ter. Miss Anna Mullery: Mm. Ondego-Jhone*.
her aunt. Miss 'Mamie Whclan: Lady Guine
vere Llandpoore. English primrose. Miss M.
McSorley.
Escaped Prisoner Captured.
James Moody, who had fourteen
days of a term of ninety days to serve
on a charge of petty larceny in Oak
land and was employed as a "trusty"
in the City Prison there, made his es
cape about 10 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. At 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon
he was captured at Market and
Kearny streets by Officer Curtiss of
Oakland and Detective Whitaker. He
was taken back to Oakland.
Rectal -Correspondence of The Call.
• •." HONOLULU, April 26.— Sunken rocks
.irt tjie path of sailing vessels plying
• *i)£nveen San Francisco and Honolulu
..and San Francisco and Tahiti may
*h 8Ve been- the cause of the mysterious
-<i of many vessels in the
Y.fnter time. These rocks do not now
;l;<-^r. on charts of the Pacific Ocean,
• >et..;heir existence was vouched for
uk>re- than half a century ago.
/•Cap.tain B. F. Chapman, formerly a
resident' Of Tahiti and now of llono
; lifplq. who was a ship captain in the
trade for many years, be
-Jlieves that these sunken rocks, if
[found, would clear up many mysteries
'/•f Cie-sca. In commenting: upon the
Viispatjches announcing that the Gov
oiVimext- would FTid the new cruiser
" Tfcfonia. to search for a "lost" island
• between Pan Francisco and Tahiti, he
..saidf
,f* -"As far- hack as lSiO a low land was
. JUisgovered bv the bark Du Mont de
Vii'.e on a voyape from San Francisco
'¦ -to' Ta'Hi.ti. but I don't think it has ever
br-^ri ¦Fcffi Fiiicc. Captain Kennie of
'•'the. Oceanic steamship Mariposa on
...cKr of his San Francisco-Tahiti voy
&gei pfghted a Fhoal which is not on
¦ i!>? "charts, and from the presence of
• * i i T-i s a^bout the vessel his discovery
/jryJicateil ttiat an island must have
fbi-cn bomewhere -in the vicinity. When
•l'Va'< a sea captain my chart had a
? option to the effect that a "cluster
<>f fivv- islands hereabouts' was to be
•ivctcfied for. The chart Kave them
-. -^.orr.ewtiere between 16 and 17 south
•.*«!i: v jd<? and from 130 to 132 west longi
' ." uVl?.'-'. The queer thing about these
'•'.slanris, or this island, is that some
.'• "<ne Upparentlv pets a glimpse of it,
-*«uxd -then afterward no one can lo
'¦"'•ate'it.'
• '•• WARSHIP IS WRECKED.
¦^••Tnere is a group of sunken islands
. -between Honolulu and San Francisco,
F.OTvever. which it would be well worth
¦ the*""CJovernmenfs time and money to
'- !V>£ate. The. location should be put on
•' ttoji charts, for I believe that in the
. r.vtpter -gales many vessels which have
yfiypteriously disappeared have run
[•ppon these sunken peaks and gone
Ftraight to the bottom. A United States
Floop cf* war left Honolulu for Panama
" eomewhere in the early fifties, and was
Veser heard of again. But one piece of
.%Vfeck4£:e was ever found to indicate
" ¦f.rrat became of the warship. I believe
.Ifrat she ran on this group of sunk
en" rocks', with everything lashed, and
wc : n*t;dewn with everything and every
body-on board.
. 'J'Dne of these rocks is thr^e fathoms
from the surface and the next peak is
Jiv£ fathoms. They are difficult to lo
pglC for .the water does not always
break over -them.
" "Tlse sunken rock is known to me
• ;':s Heflit'fs Rock, named after a vessel
.\'hlch discovered it. and which flew
»tK : -Tahitian flag. When I was last in
I Tahiti I determined to "ascertain more
ab^'ut this rock.
". "'.In.* l£50' the schooner Hana, bound
frn'rn San Francisco to Papeete, located
\Uo- sun.ken rock. The vessel hove to
'•is/icl sent out a boat. The distance to
th«? highest peak was ascertained to be
'ii^ouU'five fathoms.
'. - -noCKS DAVE BEEN SEEN*.
. "O'ne of the crew in that boat was
• Tirfji Briggs. who is yet living in Pa
-.ppcte. 'Trip last time I was In Tahiti
'Z,; J.nvifgfl Tom to dine with me, and
: ;¦;£ kVS him about the sunken rock. He
V;>i -me that they saw the breakers
hove to. Fending out a small boat
\v make poundings. He was in the boat.
• To -m-y rx r st memory he states that the
- rc«fc 'is_ in longitude 137 and latitude
•.'"•2.0; or nearlv in the latitude of the ,
-FSrallopes. Another ship's captain saw ;
¦fhr,.-Bame breakers fn later years, but
• dr-spHe the efforts of a man of war and
V/th^r. vessels to locate the rock, it has
-r.m. been seen lately. It is like heaving
'* cambric needl« into a lawn and send
. inp% small child out to find it.
V'This rock or group of rocks is prob
f.b\$ --between eight and nine hundred
r/iiles vCest of San Francisco. For many
*:? >i»rs a notation appeared on the charts
*re?rar;dlng the sunken rock with the (
• word- 'doubtful' attached. Nowadays
.no "reference is made to it upon the
-< rCef ts. •
•'"There arn other Islands in the small
• : !?etoerai -sailing vessel track which have
been 'lost.' (Copper and Henderson !s
ian'ds are the names of them. I once
sent out a vessel to find Henderson Is
lan'd. as it was supposed to be a guano
inland- It was rot located-"
Islands. He Says,
Ih-obably Explain the Loss
.of. 31 any Ships in the Past
Leaders in San Francisco's
Artistic and Business Life
A're Called for Conference
? — —
Captain Cornish and His
Troopers Will Give' Drill
on Golf Grounds To-Day
EXERCISE FOR CAVALRY
3IEXACE TO NAVIGATION
BIG MOVEMENT STAETS
Stout Little Vessel Is Carrying Large Cargo of Cannery
Supplies and Has on Board Quite a Number of the
Executive Officers of the Alaska Packers" Association
rSfcHlpcr Gives Light on
: Hidden Danger Between
: <m\ Francisco and Tahiti
Kapid Firing Practice Will
Begin To-morrow at Ro
deo by the Tenth Inftintr>
Architect Burnliara Is Asked
to Dine and Counsel With
Seekers for Improvement
SUNKEN ROCKS
A SEA MYSTERY
NEW STEAMER NUSHAGAK DEPARTS
FOR THE NORTH ON MAIDEN VOYAGE
RIFLE RANGE
IS A SUCCESS
CITY'S BEAUTY
IS THE THEME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 4, 1904.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LI N 10 IM CmUS FNfil IM F HO 8 HTpT'TTKioar^^BfOT^^
' •« r j ci i e c ' - « V Pitted to^Bnn on Oa.ollne. Ben«ln.
247 First Street, San Francisco, Cal. O r oiituiate.
BAILWAY TKAVEIa.
CALIF0BN1A NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAU.WAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Perry, Poot of Market Street.
SAW PBANCISCO TO BAN BAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN PHANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:06.. «:60, 7:35. 7:W>. 9:20.
11:15 a,jn.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20. 6:25
p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:5O. 7:35. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. J:20. 8:25. 7:50 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
j San Fran. I May 1. 1004. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- 1 We*k
Days. I days. ] tlon. f days. ( Dayt.
7:30 a L 7:45 a 7:45a
7:30 a 8:D0a 8:40a 8:40a
8:<K>a. 0:30a Ignacio. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p C:0Op 6:20 p
S:10p 5:10p. 6:1*0 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
8:45 p
7:.".0a 7:30a 7:45 a 7:43 a
8:00 a 8:C0a Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 r and 7:23 p 7:25 p
C:10p| Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7 :30 a 7 :30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p S:45 p 7:23 p
Windsor,
: 7:30 a 7:30a Healdsburg. 10:20% 10^0 a
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 p GeyserviUe, 7:25 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a I 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. j 7:25 p| 7:25 p
~1 j Wllllts. j ; j
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 pf 7.23 p
8:00 al 8:00 a! Guernevllle and 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 0:45 p| 6:20 p
8:00 aj 8:00 a 8:40 a «:40 a
5:10 pj 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
J6:10p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:3Oa| 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p[ Sevastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
-STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whits
Sulphur Springs; at Fulton for Alturla and
Mark West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyeervllle tor Ekaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers, BoonevlUe and
Greenwood: • at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Fprings. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Spripgs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr'» Hot
Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
SteVens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg
Wtstport. Usal: at WUUU for Fort Bragg!
Westport. Sherwood. Canto, Covelo, Layton-
vlllc. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen», * Dyer, Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. ¦-
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
ducid rates.
On Sundays — Round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half. rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
l**f~ Th InssUls twrj I Arrfri *
teFnadm IMsflaitsta SaaFt>a^tr»
w^,. «;,«. j— l«a. IWceT
D*y». «i»y» jBCmrf&tiL <*>r« Day*.
«1IMi*»:00A fi^gi isiodr foltg
•t:4Sp 0:OOa Hs^SPlaW lstBp »:AOr
•VllSr 1O:OOa l:IOr 5:5Op
_— » l:43f \8&iW ' »¦»••
».. »3:15r 9-.Baw y
< *»-sstwH.i»pt» ? t+mmk'mkVm
tlOU! . j 626 Mum St^(NotU Shore R*ilrc«U^
9KM I and SaosuutoFkut. Foot liutat it.
RAaWAY^TRAlTCTi.
A^/V^^-^Y^X due to arrive at
[o)b«*** H s"IsTAjZ SAN FRANCISCO.
V *^.\ 7 - V — //./ r»on Areii. 10. 1904.
V^t^^Sii^^N / Fk»t D*tot
j >O^ Q 1 \/ < Foot of Market Street.)
l«atc - MAIN LINE. -*m»iT»
7.00a Vacarllle. Winters. Kumsey... 7-50r
74)0* Benicia, Sulian. Elmlra and Sacra-
. mento 7-20*
7J0a Vallejo. Napa, Callstoz*. SaaU
Ilosa. Martinez. San Kamou 8 20*
7.30a Xllea, Llrermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockron 720p
8 00* SbnitA Express— (Vis Davis i.
WinCim* (for Bartlett Springs).
Wlllowi. tFruto. Ued Bluff.
Portland, Tacoma, Seattle 7-50'
8.00a Divlt. Woodland. KnUhU Landing.
MaryiTtlle. Orotllle 7.60P
8.20a Port Cotta. Martinet, Anttoch.
Byron. Tracr. Stockton. New-
man. Los Bitno*. Mendota,
Armona, Haaford. Vitalla.
Porterriile 4.20*
8S0a Port Cotta. Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced, Fresno, uosheii Junc-
tion. Uaaford, Vlsalla, Bakers-
field 450*
840a Sllei, San Jose. Llvermore. St«ct- •
ton. (tMlltoo). lone, Sacramento,
Placenrllie. MaryaTlMe. CQlco,
Bed Blnff 420*
8.80a Ondale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nor*. Tnolnmne and An;p'.» 4 2ui*
9 00a At'antlc Express— Osden»ndE«tt. 11.20*
930* Richmond, Martlaez and War
Stations 850*
10 00a The Overland Limited — OgJen.
' Denver. Omabt, Cblcaga S 20"
1000a V»llejo» 1220r
10.00a Los Angele* Paasenger — Port
Cotta. Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Goahen Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lemoore, Vltalia.
BftltersOeld. Lot Angeles 7-20*
12.00m HtywarU. Nlletand Way Stations. 3-20?
ti.OOr Sacramento Rlrer Stenmert tii.OOr
3.30P Benlcta, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knlgbts Landing.
MarTaville, OroTllle. and w»y
ttations
J.30r Hayward. Sties and W»y Stations.. 750*
5.3Qr Port Costa, Martinez, Byron,
Tracy, Latnrop. Modesto.
MerceJ, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Coata 1220*
3-30? Yosemite Valley. Mon.. Wed.. Fri. 9.20a
3-30P Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1020*
400* Martlnez,6«uIUnjon.V»llejo,Napa,
Csllatoga. Santn Boaa 8-20*
4 00* Kllet, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20*
« 3Cp Hayvrarl. Nllei. lnlngion, San I t8.50*
Jose. LIT ermore } U 1.50a
6 OOr Tbe Owl LlmlteJ— Newm*n. Lot
Ranot. Mrndot*. Fresno. Tulare.
BakeraOeld. Lot Angeles 9-20*
6. CO.* Port Coata, Tracy. Stockton 12-20*
t6-3O* Hayward. N'lles and Sun Jose 7.20*
800* lUyward. Ntlea and Sna Jose 9 b0*
6-OOr Eastern Expreas— Ogden. Denrer.
Omaba, St. LouU. Chicago and
Eaat. Port Coata. Benlcla, Sal-
tun, Elmtra, DaTts, Sacrameato,
Rocklln. Anbnrn. Colfat.
Truekee, Boca, Keno, Wads-
wortn, Wlnnemucca> 5 20*
f.00* Vallejo. dally, except Sunday ( 7 en-
7.00P Vallejo, Sunday only f *-° ur
7X0* Klcnmond, San Pablo. Port Cotta,
Martinez and Way Station* 11.20a
8-OSp Oregon A California Express— Sac-
nunento, Maryarille, Rsddlng,
Portland. Poget Sound and Eaat. 8-50*
9.10P Ilayward. Nile » and San Jote (Sun-
dayonly) 11-60*
COAST LINE <.i»rr«m Uaage).
(Foot of Market Street.) *
I 7.45a Santa Cruz ExcurstonfSnnday only) B.IOp
8.16a Newark,' CenterTtlle. San Jos«.
Felton. Boulaer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5-55*
t2.16* Newark. Centervllle. San Jote,
Kew Almaden. Lo« Gatos, Felton.
Bonlder Creek. Santa Crus and
Principal Way Statlont fiOSS*
4-1Bp Newark. San Jote, Lot Gatot and) t3.55*
way station* ) t10 65 *
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rroni SAN fKA> CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip «»
i — 17:15 1:00 11:00 a.m. 100 300 6.15 p.m.
! From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O iS:Ot)
! tS:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 2-00 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad u\w).
t tV (Third and TovTnaend Streets.)
6.10a San Jote and Way Statlont 830*'
t700A San Jose and Way Stations 5-40*
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
tlon (Sunday only) 1030r
• 00a New Almaden (Tue»., FrlJ., only). 4.10*
• 00a The Coaster— Stopa only San Jose.
Gllroy (connection for Hollt*-
ter). Paji4*>. Cattrorllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove). Saltnat. Saa
Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
garita, San Luis Oblspo, principal
ttationt thence Surf (connection
for Lotnpoe), principal ttatlona
thence Santa Barbara, San P.uenv
Tentura, Bnrbank. Los Angelen . 10 43*
S.COa Ban Jote. Tret Plnot, Cspltola,
fcantaCrux.Piiclflc Grove, SuKnan,
San Luis Obispo and Principal
Way SUtiont 4-10*
10.30* Ban Jote and Way Stations 1.20*
11 JO a Santa Clara, San Jote, Los Gatot)
and Way Stations 7.30*
UOr San Jote and War Stations 8 38*
3-00* Del Most* Kxprent— Santa Clara.
San Jo*«, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for 8anta>
Crnz. Boulder Creek and Narrow
Gauge Points) at Gllroy for Hol-
llster, Tres Plnos. at Pajaro for
- ' Santa Cruz, . at Castrovllle for
Salinas 12.15*
3-30* Tres Plnos War Paasenger 10-45*
4.30P "an Jose and Wsy Stations tS-OOa
t5 OOp Santa Clara, ban Jote. Lot Gatoa,
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday ) t900*
15 30r Ban Jose ami Principal Way Station* 19.40a
5 45* Snnset Limited.— Iledwood. San
Jote, Gllroy.SaMnas, Paso Iiobles.
Saa Luis Obttpo, Sanu Barbara,
Lot Angelet. Itemla; 1 . El Pasoi,
X«w Orleans. Xew York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cms
and at Castrovin* for Pacific
Grove and Wty Stations 7.10a
tS -15p Eao Mateo.Bereiford,Belmont,83ii
Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oiks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t4-4<i*
6 30p 6tn Jots and Way Stattont 6-38*
8 OOp Palo Alto and Way Statioal 13-15*
11 .20* South San Francisco. MUlbrae. Bar*
llngame. San Mateo. BrlTinnt.
San Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 8.45*
a11-30p Jityfleld, .Mountain View. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. Santa, Clara and
San Jose t3 45*
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 Snnday excepted. ? Sunday only,
a Saturday only.
I Stops at all stations on Sunday.
Or* Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
sre«: 10 a.m.. 7:00 a.m.. 7:15 >-M., 11:30* m.. 3:30p.m.
1:80 P.M. and 3:00 p. y.
CALIFORNIA |
LIMITED TO CHICAGO B
LEAVES DAILY jj
at 0:80 a. m., thronjrh ta rj day*, i
with diner and all trappings. f|
Other Santa 7s Trains:
7:30a. m.l for gtockton. Fresno. Bakerafletd.
8 : 0Op."mfj Merced. Hanford and Viaalla.
4 :00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET orriCES— €41 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. 7. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. 37 South 7irat St.,
San Jo»e.
H TO SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VAUEY;
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Saoaallto Terry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Daily 7:00. 8:0Q
B:0O. 10:00. 11:00 a. rn.. 12:^0. 1:45, 3:15, «:15.
615 B:15 ?:«>. 8:45. 10:20. 11 :4A p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally 5*23 B:-^. 1:40. S:35. »:-B. U :08 a. in..
12:20, i:«. 2:55. 3:43. 4:45. 5:43. 6:4S. 8:45.
10 - 20 p. m.
FROM MILL. VALLET TO SAN FRAN.
CISCO— Daily, 5:*5. 8:55. 7:32, 8:53, 9:M
11-20 a. m., 12:33. 2:00. 3:13. 4:05. 4:05. 8:06;
7:05 8:0U. 10:33 p. ta.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8-00 a. m daily — Cazadero and war station*
B-15 p. ni. we«k days (Saturday «xcept«d>-A
Tomales and way stations.
3:13 p. m Saturdays — C»aadero and way
only— 10 a- m. Point Reyes and.
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «M Market st.
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
The Weekly Call
61 per Year*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 4, 1904.
12
KELP •WANTED- — FEMALE— -Co«.
WANTED— Bright, active young lady »3>J
bust) as assistant to traveling party making
St Louis Fair and the East: some experienco
as saleslady preferable. Box 1858. Call.
EXPERIENCED demonstrator, man or lady;
also solicitor; permanent positions. 1233
Broadway. Oakland.
VEST hands, also who can make buttonholes.
" tHl'-fr Stevenson st.
WANTED — A girl to do general housework ani
cooking; wages $20. 739 McAllister at.
WANTED — Waitress. 258 First st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no objett.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan <fc Church sta.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recipticn
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HEL1' WA.STEP--M '^P' r „ -^
AT C. R. HANSEX t CO'S. EMP. OFFICE.
4_» Bush st 642 Clay st.
NEW TUNNEL WORK— HUMBOLDT CO..
CALIFORNIA.
Tunnelmen. headeramen $2-S2 50
Ship To-day.
NEW R, R. WORK— CALIFORNIA.
Teamster* S3
GOVERNMENT WORK— STATE NEVADA.
Teamsters, laborers, roc-men ieO-$90
John Shea, the railroad foreman, please call.
Milker. $33; farmert. $30- $33; farmer aai
wife »t»0
Head waiter. $40; pantryman. $33: 4 second
cooks $35-$30; kitchen help, bell, elevator
boys 'waiters, *2O-$4O; window cleaner. $33;
night porter $45; vegetable cock, $40.
C R. "HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE.
429 Bush St.... 642 Clay »t.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
14 TbW8 st. near Call bldg.: phone Bush 403.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
25 teamsters. $t>7 50 a month. •
15 laborers. $60 a month.
- 10 drillers, rockmen. hammersmen. $75.
Rock foreman, $65 a month and board.
2 men to eut pine wood. 4 feet, $1 23 a cord.
FOR THE SAWMILLS.
4 lumber pilers. $3 a day.
4 swampers. $35 a month and board.
4 lumber pilers and yardmen, $35 month and
board.
4 mill hands. $35 a menth and board.
2 orchard hands, $30 and board. •
Circular sawyer. $75 a month and board.
Sawmill carpenter, steady Job. $50 and found.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 14 Third St.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY".
95 THIRD ST. Telephone Main 5521.
City work. City work. City work.
Pick and shovel men. $2 25.
Coopers. Coopers. Coopers. Coopers.
Near city, piece work, steady Job.
Man to handle gentle stallion, Nevada, $33
found.
Woodchoppers. flr and pine, $1 50 per cord.
Teamsters, Nevada. ?2 25; laborers. Ne-
vada, ?2.
Railroad teamsters. El Dorado Co.. $2 23.
HORD A SMITH.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCtT"
63S — Commercial st. — 63S
Phone Main 1101 — Near Kearny st.
FREE FARE If you stay 4 months; 8 hours;
NEVADA: FEE $1: 20 teamsters, laborers
and rockmen. $2 and $2 25 day.
FREE FARE— R. R. WORK— FEE $1—13
2-horxe teamsters. 10 laborers.
NORTH — Company work — 4 tunnelmen, $3
day: 2 tlmbermen. north. $9O.
1H Italian laborers, near city. $2; 8 farmers.
$2rt and $.10: 2 cooks, country: a good many
mechanical jobs. Call and se« us to-day.
MAN and wife* country hotel, wife for cook. $70
and found; farmer and wife, $47 50 and found;
man about place, $33 and found; handy man
for club. $50; 2 wagon-makers. $2 50 and $3
day: ranch blacksmith. $4C> and board: job-
bing blacksmith and sheer. $2 day and found:
8 coopers: 2 machine men. $3 day: door mold-
ers. $3 day; porter and houseman. $23 and
found; fireman for hotel; kitchen man for
restaurant $7 a week; waiters, omnibus man.
cooks, etc." See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623
Sacramento st. l ;:.*::'
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
95 THIRD ST Telephone Main 5321
NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
Cheap Fare. Government Work. Eight Hour».
Teamsters $2 25. Laborers $2
Coopers, near city; piece work; steady Job.
Woodchoppers. flr and pine. $1 30 per cord.
Railroad teamsters. El Dorado County, $2 25.
Ranch hands, Sonoma Co.. good Jobs. $1 fd.
Carpenter to put on door molding. $3. near
city.
HORD & SMITH.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
602 Clay st. ; phone James 2479.
NEW RAILROAD WORK— NORTH.
4 scraper loader. *2 per day.
Cook, email hotel. $33 month and found.
Cheesemaker. $40 month and found.
Teams wanted for railroad rrade work.
Door molders, be-nch hands, planer hands.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
San Francisco and Sacramento.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Cook, country. $60; laundryman, city hotel,
$40. _^
A MAN and wife, small ranch; good wages;
see party 9 o'clock. Mrs. Norton. 313 Sutter.
GOOD positions open for sober, industrtoMi
men on cable and electric cars In San Fran-
cisco. Agre. 25 to 33 years; weight. 130 pounds
upward; height, conductors 5 feet TVj Inches to
6 feet, motormen and grlpmen 5 feet a S Inches*
to 6 feet. Permanent, steady work. Apply
promptly. RIalto building. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Five expert custom shirtmakers to
go to Lo3 Angeles; must be thoroughly expe-
rienced; the best pay and the most modern
factory In America. Apply by writing, box
1929. Call offlce.
A PRACTICAL plumber with a few hundred
dollars at onc« as partners in the plumbing
and gas fitting business; correspondence so-
licited. Address F. W.. care 100S Market
St., San Francisco. Cal.
$1 EVERY hour you work, placing Allen's
Kushion Komfort Shoes; outsell everything:
NO RISK. Call or write. Kushion Kcmfort
Agency. 1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
YOUNG man for farm work: must know how
XD plow; wages $25 and found. P. L. BLISS,
320 Post st., after 10 a. m.
60 MEN and ."0 women to take part next week
at Central Theater. Apply to-day at 10 a. m.
at stage entrance.
WANTED — Non-union blacksmiths and black-
smiths' helpers. Call at room 33, 209 Powell
St.. " to 4 p. m.
PLATEN press feeder; steady position. 330
Market st.
FEEDER wanted on platen presses. EDW. S.
KNOWLES. S| Second st.
A GOOD tailor wanted for busheling. S77 Sut-
ter St., near Leaven worth.
WANTED — An experienced salesman for th«
city. Brownstone Wine Co.. «20 Market st.
LUNCH waiter wanted at 194 First st.
BRIGHT, honest boy for bakery. Apply at
; 411 Van Ness ave.
GOOP. ¦ sober barber for Wednesday evening.
Saturday and Sunday. 515 Hayes st.
WANTED— Good barber at 1415 Valencia st.
WANTED — Barber Wednesday evening. Satur-
day and Sunday. lO'JS Howard at.
WANTED— Shoemaker. - l.V» Mission st.
ERRAND boy for tailor shop. S45 Seventh st.
WANTED— First-class bushelman. ROSEN^
SLUM * ABRAHAM. 1103 Market •_
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— MALE.
A YOUNG man who can drive wagon or do
anything else would like work of any kind,
grammer grade education. Box J980. C» n^_
A YOUNG~man wants work of any kind; has
had experience as cylinder press feeder.
Box 1S66. C*a%__ ¦ __-
GOOD gardener vrants position: understands
care of horses; enn furnish references. Ad-
dress box 1152. Call office. Oakland.
MARRIED couple, young, man flrst-cla^s
coachman, wife good plain cook, or house-
work; city or country; city references. Box
182*<. Call offlce.
GERMAN, married, strictly sober and reliable,
speaks English and French, wants Job *s
bartender: to learn American methods. Ad-
dress G. S.. IS South Park.
SITUATION wanted a 8 chauffeur to party
leaving for St. Louis; competent mechanic
and experienced driver; steam or gasoline.
Box 1058. Call offlce.
POSITION by a first-class gardener (single);
competent In all its branches, and best of
reference; wages expected. Address Gardener.
292 Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED accountant desires position a«
head bookeeper or offlce 'manager: long ex-
perience as systemizer and auditor; best rer-
erences. Box 3122, Call offlce.
WATCHMAKER, first-class, with full set of
tool?, wants situation: no objection to coun-
try. Apply by letter. V. P.. box liPl. Call. .
8ITUATI0N wanted as valet or Indoor ***?•
ant; English: middle-aged: references. W..
box 178S. CaU offlce. __
A YOUNG man. Swede, wants position on a
private place or hotel. Bo- 10«7. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a responsible food
French driver. Box 1773. Call.
A TIMEKEEPER and billclerk deslrea posi-
tion. Box 1895. Call offlce. _____
A STRONG Japanese wants a position to do
any kind of work before noon or after «
p. m. Address G. A.. 1303H. Castro st.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do cooklngr
and some housework in small family; has best
references. T. TOM. 744 Post st.
GOOD Japanese cook wants situation In &
family. Address GEORGE, 917 Webster St..
Oakland. __
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position small
family; speaks flne. M. F.. box 1944. Call-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the. recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite
» Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
FLATS TO LET.
A~AX^3lOUSETlENTiNG DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant nouiL-s. and flats are list-
ed in our free rencing department: over 10OO
in number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fail; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
10R» MARIvET ST.,
opposite McAllister.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
st., on the square.
NEW flat to rent; one of the nicest flats In
the Mission, with "sunny rooms and bath;
latest Improvements. No. 3629 Twenty-fifth
st. r between San Jose are. and Guerrero; rent
reasonable. •:".'_-.
POLK, 2526 — New. sunny flat 4 rooms and
bath': latest Improvements; $21 50.
JUNIPER.' 33%; bet. Tenth and Eleventh, oft
Folsom— 4-room flat; rent $14.
FLAT fl large rooms and bath: SE. cor. Jonea
and Broadway; good marine view; sun all day.
$22 50 — MODERN sunny middle flat; 5 rooms
and bath. 1431 Broderlck st.. near Post.
FLATS TO LET — FUK.MSHED.
FURNISHED Hat; 4 rooms; rent $15. 156 Te-
hama st. ' '
FLATS FOR SALE—KlllMSUED.
ENTIRE contents of 7-room sunny corner flat;
furniture new; 3 rooms rented: price only
$400. Call 710 Franklin st.. near Turk.
NEW, sunny flat, furniture almost new. Call
10:30 to 3:30. 242 Noe St., near Market.
HYDE. 407— 5- room flat, bath, for sale.
FLATS WAXTED.
WANTED — Furnished flat of 3 rooms for two
adults. Address box 1984. Call office. '
KUKMTtHU FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods: flats bought. Mlsston Aus.
House. 429-439 Valencia; teL Church 3879.
FCHMTUUB WASTED.
' ~"""~* ABE LEVY. -— —
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessl* 761.
Don't sell your. furniture, carpets, offie* fur-
niture. ' etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest prlo» for fur-
niture, carpetc, etc. 7S2 Mission ;ttl. Bush 467.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc. : tel. Larkln 3631. 634 Ellis.
B, T. SCHELL, 2412 Mission, tel. Church 5570,
pays best prices for furniture, carpets, etc.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
COOK, hotel $3O
Cook, American family *35
5 cooks, city and country $30
4 gecond girls, city and country $25
Maid, sleeo home '..$30
Infant nurse $-1O
Chambermaid, short distance ....* $2O
4 waitresses, county hotels... $2O-J25
Nurse, 2 grown children $30
Ironer for laundry $8
Helper, delicatessen, no Sunday work... »-5
Housework. Rosa Valley, 2 In family. ..$30
Nurse. 3 children. San Rafael $25
Waitress, Bakerf field. a-« boss here $23
6<> general housework girls', city, Oak-
land. Berkelev, Kan Rafael and all near-
by towns $2O-$25-$30
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
A NURSE for Philippines. $20. expenses paid;
lady can be personally Interviewed to-day at
It o'clock sharp. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutler st.. near Powell.
A LAUNDRESS and chambermaid for small
American family. £10; an Infant's nurse for
city. $30; a nurse. 2 children. Oakland. $30:
a cook for small family. $X"»: a to
assist chamberwork. hotel. $20; n cook for
small boarding-house In city. $35; 4^ house-
work girls can set work to-day at $25 a
month. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St..
near Powell.
A COOK and second girl. Grass Valley. $35 and
$20; cook. $40: two laundresses. $35 and $30;
3 nurse, girls. $25 and $30; 4 second girls. $25
and $30; cook. Napa, $30. two in family; 3
hous*i girls, city. $30; 2 girls, San Rafael.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hatrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po»
sitior.s to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week uo; leading school la
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st,, r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at. highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
MAN and wife. Scandinavian preferred, for
summer resort; have charge of place and
work on shares. Box 1150, Call office. Oak-
land. ,
$/t EVERY hour you work placing. Allen's
Kushlon Komfort Shoes; outsell everything;
* no risk.-' Call or write Kushlon Komfort
Agency. 1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
A GOOD cook wanted for a" private family;
must do the usual downstairs work; $3O; city
references. 1717 Broadway,, near Franklin.
YOUNG lady wanted for office work; short-
hand, typewriting and good penmanship. 307
Sansome st., rooms 12-13. '.-.;•:
AN elderly woman wanted to help care for 2
children; good home; moderate wages. 423
Baker st.
TANTS flnfsber: also apprentice, paid while
learning. _ 410 Kearny at., room 2.
WOMAN, to work 'mornings In rooming-house;
must be good cleaner. 324 Bush st.
GIRL, wanted: general housework, plain cook-
iing. 1780 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS hands for dressmaking. 6 Eddy
¦.st.." rooms 96-97. . ¦
WANTED— »Glrl to do general housework; 2 In
family. .1120; Treat, ave.
WANTED.— First-class waist- hands. 1814
* Bush at. . .-.'.., ;
ATTOK X IS VS-A T-LA \V\
Hg7T — ADVICE FREE
Columbian I.aw & Coll. Agcy.. r. S5, t»16
Market: phone John «-'2C: op?n evenings;
transacts at niopt reasonable rates all legit-
imate law business: bonds furnished in crim-
inal a?.$ civil cases; ?mall collections taken.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for tmall fen.
See me and save money; no pay in advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Fstabhshed S3 yrs.: rms. I. •_'. .", 4 & 5, 1st 1
1122 Market st. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all 'matter?. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bids..
6th floor, entrance room Oil: established 20
yearf*: all cases, general court and ofnee prac-
tice; no ff» in advance or for consultation:
. evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
r ADVICE free; divorce costs J12: no fees or
costs in advance: ell law business; offlce
open Saturday evenings. 810 Market St.. r. 31.
; DIVORCE cheap, speedily, quietly: call on us
'*re K.-iing elsewhere. Phcne James C221 :
rcom 41. fll'i Market st.. opposite Emporium, i
DIVORCE— Costs. $12: quick, quiet; advice I
free; open evenin??. 027 Market st.. rm. "0U J
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity; advice
free; costs $12. Ad. B.A.P.. P.O.box 2199. S. F.
ti S~ CLARK, 927 Market st.: consultation
free: no fees In advance; open evenings.
lU'SINKSS CHANCKS.
X__$1500— DAIRY produce route; butter and
eggt; established 6 years: 2 horse*. 1 wagon;
owner clears above $150 per mo; good cash
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^, Kearny.
A— tU)QO; HARDWARE store: specialties,
locksmith, electric bells, model -making, ma-
chine work etc.: estab. 20 years; located
Sixth st.: large stock. Bee R. G. WILKE.
20i.j Kearr.y st^
A— $1000; RESTAURANT in San Rafael: dally
receipts $25; rent $30; must be sold at onc«:
rood place. See R. G. WILKE, 26fr Kearny.
A— $10C0: DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; close to Market et. ( daily receipts
cbout $40; rent $45; good business; value In
tight. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny tt.
A- «550; OYSTER and clicp house; close to "
T:!ls and Mason tlr. ; rent $35: worth at
.east $900; rare opening. See R. G.
WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A — $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business; store receipts about $60 per day:
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
cash or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A — $2000; CORNEIl grocery and bar. on Powell
St.: 6 years' ltase; rent $40; business estab.
ytars and fir»t-class paying; value In tight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $5000; THE leading saloon in manufacturing
town of at-out 5000 inhabitants; 6 years'
lea.it; rent JsO; full value In eight; first-class
paying business; about -^ miles from S. F.
Call EL G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et^
A— $2200: DAIRY produce and delicatessen
etore; established years; rent $55; monthly
sal«s about $1500; a first -class paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 2t>^ Keamy st.
A— $750; CIGAR sy»nd on Market st. : rent fO6;
one of the best-lScated stands and a business
where fullest Investigation Is solicited; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'4 Kearny.
A— $MXK>; CORNER grocery and bar with 8
years' lease: rent $75; 2 horses; 2 wagons;
average cash store trade $2500 per month;
dafly bar receipts $25; full value tn sight;
location the best in the city. Call K. G.
WILKE. 20Vi Kearny st.
A— $450- PLUMBING and gasfltting shop on
Fillmore ft. ; rent $2ti; owners must sell at
ence. as they are engaged In another busi-
ness.' Call K. G. WILKB. 26Vj Kearny st.
A— $30li0; GROCERY store; established many
years ani doing a large cash business;
located close to Market and Sixth sts.; a
good laying business; Investigate and you
nnd a very rare business opening. Call R.
j G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny st.
A — $750; SALOON on Montgomery st.: place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month: investigate; a bargain. Call R.
O. WILKE. 2SVs Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg.:
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this is one of
the beet ealoon locations in this city, and !
¦ live man can clear $500 per month. Call j
R. G. WILKE. 26% Keamy st. |
A— J1100: SALOON with 3 rooms;- close to j
Kearny and Bush sts. : rent $76; lease; placs j
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest stock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $12C0; COFFEE saloon and bakery In
choicest location; renf $80; dally receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R. I
G WILKE. 2CVi Kearny st. I
I A- STRANGERS. ATTENTION! !
Are you lookinc for a safe and profitable
business r.rif-ning In San Francisco? If t-o,
v. e can r.fT»»r you any number requiring an
investment from $1'K> to $5<t.fiOO: every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through cur of-
fice m'jf-t Ftand the clusest investigation, and
vc can place you in a store, factory, tiote],
joill. office, or, in fact, any business you
may prefer. Kindly call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST. «O., »27 Market tt.
A— A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$10<>O carh and services tenure interest and
office of trt-asurer in an incorporated realty
and Investment company: $150 monthly as-
sured: high<?et references given and required.
OERMANIA IX VEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A <JOOD OPENING
Fcr a your.jr man who can invest $500 in a
hlgh-cia:-F real estate office and fill position
of oa&hier: *>xp«rdl»nce not necessary: Invest-
ment t-ecured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
CIGAR store down on Battery. $850; trial given.
T. J. DTNN & CO.. 1312 Market Ft.
BRANCH bakery and notions: 15th. nr.Misslon;
$40O; rent $15. T. J. DUNN. 1312 Market et.
MILLINERY store; Gear)' Ft., near Kearny;
snap; .%-year leas»: fixtures worth the money;
good reasons. T. J. DUNN, 1312 Market st.
SALOON; Third St.. near Market: $2200: 3-
jmt lease. T. J. DUNN & CO.. 1312 Market.
BOO_UNG-HOrj8E: » 7th S «t-7V nr. Market ; 35
rooms: cleans JJK.ft. JT.J.DUNN&CO.,1312Mkt.
WANTED— Reliable man with $1000 as part-
ner In general merchandise business; 15
years' standing; long lease; chance of a life-
time for live man that has business ability;
references exchanged. Addrs-sa California
Investment Co., Ti'Vi Market st.
$3r>« SECURES Interest in light offlce work,
where party can easily clear $125 monthly;
references exchanged ; experience not neces-
sary; live man wanted: bona fide proposition.
Particulars 1OO7>4 Market St.. room 1.
OLD established real estate and business
chance offlre for sale or exchange for busl-
D'?s or city lots; clears $300 .monthly; will
remain with buyer until acquainted. ""•¦—
ANDERSON* & RILEY. 113.'. Market St.
ROAPHOI'SE and hotel near city; first-class
place; well equipped and clearing $200 mo.;
rent $*«. with lease; $2500. PETERSEN
REALTY CO.. 1035 Market st.
LODGING^TlOUSE. 24~ "rooms: Eddy st.; well
furnishrd: all housekeeping; lease; pell cheap
" cr exchange for small farm In bay counties.
PETERSEN REALTY CO.. 1035 Market St.
FOR eale or will take partner in a light busi-
ness, paying hands*m»- profits; average
monthly receipts over $-'SO0: expenses $S5. I«or
particulars, address box 1752, Call offlce.
FOR «a!e — Grocery, candy, notions, cigars and
branch bakery; all good Ft nek and will sell
reasonable; -established 10 years: low rent;
living rooms. Box 1S08. Call offlce.
$1(xi0 — PARTY with this amount can double It
In the next 3 months. California Airtight
Company. 6 Eddy St., room 2.
FOR sale — Restaurant and delicatessen com-
bined, clearing $175 per month: low rent;
good locution. Box i:i_»>. Call office.
WAXTED — To buy a good hotel or boarding
house In city or country. Address, with par-
tlcularg. box 1973, Call offlce.
WANTED — To buy half or whole of a furni-
ture ctcre; wtate full particulars; no agents.
Box 1862. Call offlce.
WANTED— A partner to take charge of and
manage a music parlor in San Francisco.
Addrefs box 1U05. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a stock of general merchan-
dise in country town In a good healthy lo-
cality. Box 1705. Call office.
TO let— Shoemaker shop. Apply 1633 Turk st.
HOME bakery for sale; very reasonable. Call
atlKW Churcti"*Tit.
$250 — PARTNER; young man; commission bus-
j Iness; $100 month, steady. 33 Mason et.. r. 3.
WIN $10 playing slot machine with my meth-
od. E. W.. box 61. West AHIs. WIs.
FOR vale — Grocery and bar. Call 321 Bryant
street. |
FINE* newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this office.
$I.%00— GROCERY end bar In Park district.
Box 1952, CaU efflce.
"WANTED — A cigar etand. Box 32."!3. Call
office. • .
WANTED— A cigar stand:- state location and
'price. Box 1SS». Call office.
; LODUI.v: HdUSIiS I-'OIt SALE— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN. ,
'¦'"¦' r ''." _____ - ' ¦
406 Hearst building-, over Examiner entrance;
modern business methods In flne front of-
fices: uhone. Black 3007, or take elevator to
fourth floor: up-to-date .title abstract free
with every sale. '
GREAT bargain in an 11-room house: fine lo-
cation downtown; near Post and Mason; al-
! most a gift; think of selling such a house
for less than J5o a room. MARION GH1F-
FIN.
ONLY ?35O down and $3o0 in payments takes
furniture and business of a. small boarding-
house with 12 boarders: rent $45; new
house; on eunny corner. MARION GRIFFIN.
HOW Is this? lfi-room corner house' north of
Market; rent $30; -clears $41 monthly; price
Hl*>: only $100 down. MARION GRIFFIN.
SELECT home of 17 rooms near Sutter st.;
kitchen: dining-room; very oulet and refined;
clears $80 a month. MARION GRIFFIN.
SWELL transient house; most beautifully fur-
nished; extra fine hair mattresses; new and
modern; building on sunny corner; IM rooms:
when you see It you'll buy it of MARION
GRIFFIN.
JUST listed; 81-room anartment-house: room-
ers take care of their own rooms; newly pa-
pered; corner house; furnished in oak and
cherry; Brussels and moquet carpets; rent
only $125; manager occupies 2 nice rooms
and clears $115 exactly each month.
MARION ORrFFIN.
CHEAP house; 82 rooms; on NE. corner; near
Market; rent $100; 2-year lease: price $1400;
big money-maker. MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 48 rooms; splendidly
furnished; on sunny corner and street car
cross! n~; lone: lease; ' electricity for elevator
and lights; monthly profit $222; price $4500.
. - . MARION GRIFFIN.
S3000 PROFIT^>«arly; accurately kept books:
house has a wide reputation from Oregon to
Mexico; lawyers, merchants and bankers stop
at this house; 60 rooms, with splendid fur-
nishings; leaxe; elevator and all conveni-
ences; will inventory the furniture and give
you an abstract of title; make offer to
MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH-CLASS proposition— We have decided to
sell our hotel and have employed MARION
GRIFFIN to conduct the sale; NEW and
MODERN building of 70 rooms and in the
fashionable part of city; furnishings superb:
price $5000 less than cost; should clear $600
monthly.
14-ROOM house; rent $45; near Larkln and
Hyde sts.; full of roomers: owner will sell
for ?650; this week. Box 3522. Call office.
BOARDING and lodging house for sale; 20
rooms. Inquire MRS. WILSON, Belvedere.
FOR sale — Lodging houpe, 25 rooms, on Sutter
st. Box 1913, Call offlce. J-Vrl
LODGING house, 27 rooms, for pale; down-
town location. Box 3249, Call offlce.
spiritualism:
mrs. j. j. whitney.
Clairvoyant, trance business medium and life
reader; also communications from your de-
parted friends. Hotel Netherland, 18 Turk
et.. near Market, room 17. elevator.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
& business mt-d'm; read daily SI : dev'p'g clans
Thurs. S p.m. 107 Taylor, r. 27;tel. Jessie 3130.
DR. COLLINS, the noted clairvoyant and
trance-wrltlns medium of Chicago; readings
dally; circle to-night. 1<U!> Market st.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS. . materializing
seance Wednesday eve. 32M Ellis St.; iiOo.
EDWARD EARLE, 10r.2 Ellis Ft., readings
daily: phone Sutter :W04; :^--.vV
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate- writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CL.A I It VO V A JITS.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
Ills famous $5 readings this week for
$1- $1 $1- $1 $1 $1 $1 '¦•-- "-|I
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full judge.) ¦
I do hereby c-olemnly agree ana guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you if
husband, wife -tr lover Is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire.: "In fact.'" I will tell you
every hope, fear or ajnbltion better than you
can tell yourself; liis advice is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and indisputable; he im-
proves your character no that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; Ihc controlling power Implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lest vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures; glvesVyou; success
In life: he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to S p. m. — Closed Sunday.
32rt O'Farrell st. — 326.
THE FUTURE REVEALED. THE PAST
DISCLOSED.
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readlnzs are like
a living pace of Flammarion's treatise that Is
eo electrifying t-he world to-day. Ho Is no
lmltatir. Hi« work Is utton original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. He tells you what
you desire to know and works In the open
light.
He 1« as conspicuous for his wonderful occult
analysis .is he Is for his original expression
and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test
Is of little value; when the mind is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
Tills is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
gives you wnen you call on him for a first-
class clairvoyant reading. ".
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He doe« not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are lulr to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROF. LIV-
INGSTONE analvz 1 ? the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Remember the number: 428 Eddy St.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m._
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmlEt. permanently located at, 1101 Market
rt., cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
' rn. to 5 p. m. ; re'adlngs by mail as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency.send postotflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant me-
dium and. card reader, born with a double
veil and second sight, tells past, present and
future; 1. Me. g. by cards $1: palmistry end
clairvoyant Bit.. $1 60. 312 Mason, nr. Geary.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for. without asking a ques-
tlon. names given; special. $1; houra 10 to 8.
MJSS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight; a wonderful prophtitei?;
names; 1. 50c, g. $1. 714 Franklin.nr.'x.G.ave.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; 25c up. 17 3d, next Exam. ,
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader;when others fall try me;good readings
10c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice: names given; 25c up. 835 Howard st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2<Wi Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents 60c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23 Vi Oth; 1. 25c. E- 50c.
time. Odell returned; clairvoyant, card reader;
tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 632 Ellis st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts; readings dally. 017. Market Ft. .
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. MARSAN. card reader: ladles 25c; gents
60c.' - ? 120 Sixth «L, -; room". 15. '
MRS. SHAFER., clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
. tingg dally. 44«^ Jessie St.. bet. Bth and 6th.
CAPE SOME. '
TICKET office for alT points in Alaska. " C. F.
MOORE. 927 Market st., room 309. First
steamer May 21 ; $75 . first class. .' ¦--"•:-'
CBEDIT" CLOTBLIEJt3.
C F. ADAMS CO.. ¦ v'v'5" V; ~~
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We -clothe the -whole' family from hats to
shoes; 'everything up: to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. :tls Mason st. ¦..-.¦
CLOTHIHO SENOVATIlfO.
SUITS . cleaned '. and ! pressed, - $1 ; - scouring , and
dyeing. Bon Marche,'4O Ellis'St., room 14;
' pnonc Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
• ' JOXH7 T. SPKECKELS. *roprietor.
,%tf_rigftwmr-fl-« $ WBS ifliDSfll-B-atgi
. m \\\ j. S!AKTIN Business M.an.ag*r
T ~. TKX DOLLARS KfcWAHD. .
• Notify Hie CaU Office if You Miss
tf frr mt cause THE CAZOi 1« not fie- j
!i-crci reeularly to subscriber* please I
c£_ up rC-vUb EXCHANGE" and notify j
.'J-brcispTicE Clerk is cfcarjre. Tour com- ,
•' riaiat crfS receive prompt attention.
' A tt^aissr reward cf Tea Dollars
' -(S10.CC i is offered for the arrest aad j
CjCBvlctten oi any on« caurht stealing- ,
TELEPHONE. ~
A*k fc» THE CALL Vhe Operator Will Con -
• r.eci Veu With the Department Yea lsa-
________
Plitltcatlcn Orice Market aad Tfctrd S. t-
Ei;tor:«l Room ...217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. iv r Month. Single Copies S"".*...,,
Terms by Mail. Inducing Postage tCash \\ itu
' ' '¦ Order) : #c „«
.' Da;LT CALL <inr:ud. Sunday). 1 y* 8 *--'*?^
DAILY CALL dnclud. Sunday). 6 mos *_w
JDA.LY C.*LL— By Single Month „••«¦
6t:NDAY CALL. 1 Year -¦••»{
¦^S^rU^.SOFeV Year-E^a 0
\ £S^. j^tioierYetrESa
'" ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS:.
Cairr^e Ccj it* will be forwarded when re-
quested. : .
"Mail 6ut*crit*r* in ordering change of ad;
<!rc--f Efcould bf particular to give both NE\\
.A^D CLU ADDRESS m .-rder to insure a
prcir.it a:.d cgrieet compliance with their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
.1118 r.r ¦.:-.->.,> Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE: w
IKS Center street Telephone North It
.
• -WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
fAMLEL IV. WALL Hotel Barton
NEr. yriRK NEWS STANDS:
_tV*!(iorf-Ai.tcrU Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Vnifn fryuare; Murray mil Hotel; FiJtn-ave-
* cue Hot'.l enu Hoffman House.
> ¦ CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
• Sherman House; p. O. News Co.; Great
yoftnern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hael: Pa'.mer Hou*e.
"CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
.<». GEOKGE KROCNESS-.Marquette Building
tLrr.f Distance Telephone, "Central 2t"il'J.")
NKW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribunt Building
NEW YOKK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. OARL1ON Hereld Square
"BUSINESS OFFICE or the San Francisco
' •, C* 11.- corner Market and Third streets: open
vr.:.: li o'tlwk every night in the year.
*-_ BUA3CCH OFFICES:
IOT*_*l!>rk<-t e:re«t. opposite Filth; open until
627 MontFcrr.cry rtrett. corner Clay; open
3 urtn n-.o» p. m.
• fc»«'"iis\f^ street; open until 9:30 p. m.
fcJU i!- Ai:i.-ur street; open until ;«:30 p. m.
tilO L-rfctu t-trc-ct; cjx>n until »:30 p. m.
J^*' Mission s'.rc-t; o;*n until 10 p. tn.
22-il.KjLrktl street, corner Sixteenth; open
.""lPCfc>v*:;tl: ureet: open until :• ; :r.
.\*Wi Valencia street; open until 'J p. m.
XcrthtaM corner Church and Duncan streets;
'cf.yn unul » r. m.
. Nirthv.vfi o :r.*r of Twenty-second and Ken-
. «*5<— > ttreet*: oj>en until a p. m.
•IXuu FUloore street; o;ipti until 3 p. m.
•TO SCnscniBERS LEAVING TOWN
rOK THE SUMMER.
CfL'j .«abEcribers co-tcaiplatlae a
chetr* jet resifieace durlnsr the summer
mcrtir c&ti have their paper forwarded
' by mail to their new address toy notlfy-
Ilasr Sets CALL Business Office. This
tarer will also be en sale at all summer
rc«orts n^ifi is represented fcy a local
¦/rcafia ,?!! towns on the coast.
tlllRCH SERVICES.
EtV. DK. CAKRADINE. holiness evangelist,
will hol.i a teries ot meetings at Per.ie! Mis-
E>o« Uall i'.t Third rt Entrance en i-tevenson
• " ir-t. May «i-l<: Services 10:30 a. m. and 7:30
. .-j>. m. *fcelf days. l':30 and 7:30 p. m. ifun-
dd*s. All invited.
.^ * . MKKTl.\o .NOTICES.
. "CALIFORNIA Lodse of Perfection No. n
• ' 1«. Jl. and A. P. R.. C» Sutter Et.— W
•-<_siWl meeting THIS (WEL'XE^I>AVl/y\
* EVEXXNG a' t o'clock, provided there
. * :e ti-j <;*r mike. Ninth De Kr «-e. By order
lit t*:f venerable Master.
v^^ CIIAS. JELL1NEK, Secretary.
•JEOUNT MORI AH Lodge No. 44, F. and *
,• 'A M.-— Stated meeting THIS <WED->fVf
_«Ket;r.>AV> EVENING at 6 ..clock. /V\
.---¦ .' THEO. FROLICH. Becretary.
SrijCKETT LcdirT No7~J39. F. and A. I
' -M.— railed meetire THIS iWEDXES- VV
VAY-i KVLXINC at 7:30 o'clock /VN
th»rt>. Stated meeting an<l Third iv-
."• frrc-e at b o'c-lo-k. By order of the W. M.
Sl^ R. IL MePHERSOX.
EXCELSIOR LodieNo. I m, F. and A. "«
" : iS — listed m<^tinE THIS <\VEDNES-vSf
OAVl EVENING at 7:30 ./riof-k. />r\
H. J. OWEN. Hocr-tary.
, THE -executive committee, r«-oep-
*«,•¦• • n : '"11 F*i!'iV>'*5£i§*9r3
building. WEDNESDAY EVEN- '^tifrt^
ING,. May 4. at 8 o'clock.
: • WM. II. BARNES. Secretary.
" GRAND, officers and rn«*mljer« of _C_w£:"«,
r -the «;ran<? Lod*r». 1. O. O. F., are ~\30St'&t£.
• lse|-f-> . • . ed to «it>:,<1 ' '••- ¦t* i'3v*2^ e
f(U><=ral «-f CHAS. N. FOX, P. T^wJwSSP
• • G v M., WLOXESDAY, May 4. at 10 o'clock
.• a. jti., '.fivn hi& late re^id":ice, KC>7 Mark-t
• •?¦?.. Oakland, via » o'clock boat from .-'an
Fiar.'i'.-,
* __ *" <il:O T - £HAVr - Crand Secretary.
". IVASfHuE Lodge No. 5, K. oi P..
"will "vi afer the knight tank <lr>ni! t-JSv
irnit WEDNESDAY. May 4. ltoH. ">*V
, j'tt Pyii.ian <'a?tle. fxr.«i, Market Ft., J^^i
. ct 6tr« i m. I!»ml*rs of sister
..... • :dia!ly Invited.
H. W. BANKS, C. C.
JTi. NORCROFS. K. of R. and S.
*^.'AJIONAL Cnien. Califer- toJlUJKjv
. ; NIGKT at rioneer Hall.
Visiting friends cordially irvitrd: initiation.
By order C. BEXDEU President.
«'. H. VAN ORDEN, Secretary.
ET. ANDREWS Society — Annual v C7 v.
picruc to F-nrf^x Park on FATUR- 3V, Qu/7
DAY May 7. Boats will leave ferry V\X^*
M 9 nnd 10 a. ir. and at 1 :45 p. m. "*£S*1fc
St<eci3l leturninir train leave? Falrlax at
f.:30 p. m. Ticket* for round trip, including
»<imiwioj to the park, adults 50c, cnlldren
J*>, can he obtained from Messrs. John
Held A ? ;> ti. 7s O?.ry ft., and from Jchn M.
Dun^n. 113>» Mi«rion ft.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN. President.
' .T. PLACK. J*crrtary.
A FPi:«IAL meeting of the Laborers' Pro-
- tectlve and Benevolent Association will b*»
h*-ld .in Teutonia Hall, WEDXEEDAT, May
4 at * J' rn. All member* arc ordered to
attend. J. T. Mi-CANX, Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
: AGENTS wanted who own a horre and buijsy
to eell an article that is used by *rery man
who o»n« a Iioi-sp; can make from $H» to $20
s «5«y. Apply OCCIDENTAL MANUFACT-
URING CO.. 1273 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES — For Gem massage device and eos-
fntucf: city and country. 517 Taylor St.
_w______ m _™* mmm ~* mmmm *™ m ~™ mMm ™ m ™^ m ~™— ™_»m
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
••of prppettjr three $4<» *cho!arshlps^n the best
Gollepe *>t Advertising in the United States.
*1 will t-c!! thrra at 25 per cent discount for
cr.rh:" the collfg* teaches advertising writ-
• inp by correspondence and artists its grad-
• uate s to secure positions; catalogues fur-
• tii>hr<1 on « figuration. Address box 302B. Call.
§^?H ASTHMA 2EMEDY.
*X i>i~No!a'». Asthma Rcrwdy relieves Inftant-
*|y; Ific. g.V. r»<K-. lXSurz Market. t?t. Nicholas.
ALTOMOIIIZjES.
EECOND-HAN'D automobiles in flr*t-clas»
. . fhjpe for ra> c!ie«p. Inquire at 20 Coldtn
Gate ,-ve. : phone Howard 871.
FOR «ri<--A White Stanhope In (food running
<ird*r: w;'.l i-cil r^wFor.able. Cox 324S. ' Call.
BASKETS. _
' iiASKi-.T.-; made of every description. Friedl
Bazaar and Basket Factory. 1272 Folsom it.
gyAlT Tr - !K * ¦ CH -*^' CF '*~- ro ? t _ | _ wn *' 1 - .^.
A— CAMERON & CO. — IJhone South 1050.
."! Eddy tt., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
• Oyster- and chop bouses $350 to $1000
Candy'and Icecream parlors S200 to $2500
Harlitr shops $500 to $2500
< "tear stands $350 to $2000
Gioce ries and bars $500 to $5000
Salocns $-}00 to $10,000
Restaurants : $350 to $20.0,00
Fiuit and vegetable stares $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $6000
Delicatessen stores • $250 to $ 1500
Wcod and coal yards $250 to $10lK)
For sale— First-class legitimate mining
proposition that will bear strict investiga-
tion.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; flne
groves: 3«- room, hotel; all furnished and
•¦rjulppfd for business: 2i> acres land goes
with lease: raise own hay, vegetables; all
kinds of fi'uit: rent S50O per year: equity in
this $2500; death in family cause of sale.
_CAMKRON & CO.
FOR sale— One of the best restaurants in city:
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 dally: will
bear Investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. . '
FOR sale— Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent: 6% years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
Ing flne business: other Interests cauee of sile;
price_$5C00. See CAMERON_&_CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Well 'locared~ond~equipped "family
liquor store; rent only $35; fixtures $200;
ftock will invoice between $400 and $500;
must be sold by 1st: other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 8 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg-hse or business. Cameron. 8 Eddy.
FOR sale or will trade — 6 acres Inside city
limits; one of best Interior cities In Califor-
nia; houee, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
roomlpg-house: price $4000. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
$375 — DELICATESSEN and lunchroom; good
trade and flne location for meals; rent low,
127 50. Address box 1993. Call.
.£125— FINE corner cigar stand: flne stock;
good trade: see owner. 118 Third st.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and eubscrlpttons has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
CAIIPKT BEATING AND GLEANING.
COMPRESSED air and vacuum system 'now
universally used In cleaning carpets on
floor; without removal; price moderate. S.
F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., 3U3 Mar-
ket st. Tel. Main 152. Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St., clean-
ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
3.13 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating: mat-
tressee made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at. : tel. Mission 263.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
A?~CASIERON~^Ca at Phcne South 1050.
3 Eddy fct.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
bousfl; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance:
evejy modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
l>er month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
10S rocms; cheap rent: new and elegantly
fun.lshed, up-to-date, rooming-house; has flne
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can tie paid out of the house: other business ln-
• terests demand immediate departure. ,
! JK> rooms; beautiful new building and furnl-
I Jure; swell downtown location; everything up-
to-date and first-class; flne opportunity to se-
i cure high-grade proposition; must go East.
126 rooms; rent only $i per room; new and
up-to-date house: all men; ele-ctrlc elevator,
lights; long lea-»e: clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the (-city.
; 19 rooms; rent only $l'»0; well furnished; llt-
I tie apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms; beautiful corner; 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished housa
in city; call for terms and particulars.
S> rooms: svrny flat rent $50: oak. mahogany
fur.; obliged to leave city; refuced to $650.
180 rocms; grand, new, mrdern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; flne lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
c'ose in; full nice people: bargain if taken at
j once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms; rent only $W; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $S50.
162 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in Kan Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building: flne entrance, cheap rent; clear-
ing $4O per month; &-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry fur.;
flne carpets; close In; fine money-maker.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing flne business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
7-roem flat; rent $10; oak furniture; rood car-
pets; slcknese; price $350.
139 rooms; downtown commercial hotel; 8
years' lease; cheap rent; elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunltles-to secure first-
class hotel; owner has other business; part
cash, balance time.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close in; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears J100, part cash.
11 rooms; rent $40; close in; oak, cherry fur-
niture, Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all ex-
penses; $ltK) cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 rooms: elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture; 60 boarders;
clearing $250 per month; close in; flne buy;
price $0000.
18 rooms; rent $S5; north Market; close In;
fircod money-maker; reduced from $1600 to
$1100.
128 rooms: cheap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
20 rooms; rent only $100; all new furniture;
doctor pays $9r>; clearing over nil expenses $100;
best street Oakland; will trade for San Fran-
cisco house.
24 rooms; rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany: flne proposition;
good lease.,' ,'/ :*~'-]'..\ \:
75 rooms! grand new building; eleirantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
33 rooms; cheap rent: good lease; beautifully
furnished; new modern building; very central; 1
all full: little gem of a house; leaving city. . *
120 rooms: flne downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances:
takes in $30 to $10 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will boar investigation.
21 rooms; corner: rent only $85; oak fur.:
good carpets, housekeeping; all full;* clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 j-ooms landlady; price
$1600.
SO rooms; new, modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
17 rooms; Ellis st.: rent $70: oak ftfrniture,
Axmlnster carpets; flne cdhdltion; clears $S0;
fine little buy. 3&B|j
8 rocms; flne upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450. -
For rent — 4-room suite, furnished, in flne
apartment-house, 4 to 6 months; rental $15 per
month; references; no small children.
For rent — 8-room modern furnished flat.' for
summer: • elegantly fur.; references required;
rent $60 per month. * . . .
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
100 ROOMS: sunny corner; :rt- it $125. ...$4500
10i) rooms; clears $350; low repjti- $6500
80 rooms; furniture nearly new.. ..-..: ,$3£00
.40 rooms; flne location, north of Market. $1000
.4H rooms; In Oakland; new;. rent $60.... $2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent..... .... .$600
Money to loan on furniture. • EITEL • &
CARROLL..212 Kearny st.
60 ROOMS; elegant new apartment-house,- 3
and4 room suites; 60 rooms, furnished;, rea-
sonable rent; charming location; sunny. Box
S048, Call' office." - . , _
HAVE AS COMPLETE A STOCK OF
—— SATISFACTION
¦ ¦ • _^ __-———_— _ — .
PORES BUVTUB-. >
WHO?— Hunter, 1200 Market »t.; $100; rupture
i cure for $19: circular explains: send for one.
NAPA. May 10. 1903.
MR. A. HUNTER— Dear Sir:
We »re much pleased to inform you that
your holder cured our, baby's scrotal rupture.
The baby was 6 weeksfold when you fitted the
holder. Our doctor says the parts were healed
in thirty days. We are indeed very grateful to
you. Yours truly. «SC_4». \v:
GEORGE GREEN AND WIFV.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. Main 55S0.
DEXTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings, 60c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.i4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 P0 up: crowns, $2 up; flllings._5c
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
DKKS.VM.VKEHS AND SEAMSTKHSSKS
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting; doubla
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.,
McDOWELL Dressmakinr & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
Instruction. 75-page, catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, 901-
925 Golden Gate ave. ¦'¦¦¦
PAOLO LA VILLA of Florence. Italy, Just ar-
rived; singing lessons, pure Italian, method;
opera, oratorio, ballad, glee; accompanist for
concerts and drawing-room; special terms for
professionals. The Roosevelt, 548 Sutter st.
AYRES, the leading buelncss college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established IS years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, ehorthand, touch typing,
A languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market St.-
PRIVATE tuition offered in common school
branches to backward and delicate children
by young lady; has had experience In public
schools: charges moderate. Box 3C62, Call.
HEALD'S School of Mines&Electriclty, 24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mm., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College :Odd Fellows'^Id.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day, eve.; $4 mo. eve.
DANCING — Professor Findlay has reopened his
Juver.lle classes at Flndlay's Hall, 17th st.;
Saturday 2 to 5; private lessons dally.
SPANISH— A practical and progressive method.
RAFAEL SERRANO. (W0 California, r. 4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Haight st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTONS, 421 Pine st. — Night class.
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post St.; tel.- Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nishes b>-st belp; contracts for farm help: etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 428 Powell st. Tel. Main 6752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Loon Seung"s. 41Hi O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and v Ch!nese
h?lp. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 16S.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5189.
CHINESE and Japanese, help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT ,W ANTED — FEMALE.
A YOUNG girl wishes place to assist with chil-
dren; $10. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
COMPETENT cook; would do downstairs work
ami washing or general housework In Amer-
ican family; wages from $25 to $30. 2301
Post st.
A REFINED. German woman wants position
at second work or chamberwork and sewing;
city pr' country: wages $25-$:iO; best refer-
ences. Box 13H9. Call.
COMPETENT German woman wants washing
and Ironing by the day, Tuesdays. 1203 Val-
lejo st. ; no postals. !
WANTED — General housework: good plain
cook: country; no objection to small family.
3CS Jessie st.. near Fourth. ' :.-«-¦..•;.
SWEDISH girl wants position to do light sec-
ond work and lewing. Address 1612, Fif-
teenth St.; phone Kate 4022.
A YOUNG woman wishes a position to take
care, of one or two children. 614B Powell St.,
downstairs. . :
WOMAN deglrrs housework or washing by the
day. 1222 Leaven worth st. - .'- ;
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes place In coun-
try; $20 to $25; refs. Mrs. Norton, 313 Sutter.
SPANISH lady with two children and mother
wishps position in country as housekeeper in
widower's family; home more object than
wages. H;x 1859, Call.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman as
traveling companion or nurse to one goir.g
East via St. Louis; references exchanged.
Address box 1.S33. Call office.
YOUNG Swedl?h eirl wants place for general
housework in small family; Mlsston pre-
ferred. Address 26T>() Folsom st., near 22d.
GOOD willing woman wishes a situation to do
-general housework; city or short distance In
country; good cook. 227 Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a, situation;
lisht housework: ¦ city or country; kind to
children. 1103 Powell st^ \. ¦
A TpTJNd woman would like position at light
housework and cooking or care of one baby.
Box lOtiti, Call office.
YOUNG girl from the country, refined, wishes
li~ht housework; sleep home. Box 1947.
Call office. - -
A COMPETENT laundress and house cleaner
wants work at 51 per day; -references* Box
1971, Call office. •
EXPERIENCED housekeeper; best references;
hotel ;\ no objection to leaving; the city. Box
47<;9. Call office.
DRESSMAKING — A perfect fitter and trimmer
wants engagements; $1 50 per day.' 1006 Lar-
kln st., near Post. •
RESPECTABLE woman, without lncumbrance.
wishes position tn center of city; light house-
work. Box 1935. Call/ office. • i
LADY wishes position as chambermaid or do
. housework. .'{59 Minna st., basement floor.
GOOD position as] cook or second girl. MRS.
LINSON (colored). 1013 Clay st.
YOUNG German - girl wants to take care of
children. 1043 Larkln st. Phone Larkin 2716.
A REFINED German girl wants position at
second work. Call 12 Eleventh st.
JAPANESE girl wants situation in good fam-
ily to do plain cooking and housework. A. B.
C. E39 Stevenson st. .
JAPANESE girl wants alsltuatlon to do plain
cooking and general housework. 2006 Polk st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
. Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions ' taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
MAN • speaking 0 languages desires, position as
Interpreter or courier to Europe: traveled
principal cities -In Europe. M., box 1945,
Call offlce. *
GOOD all-around man wants position in pri-
vate place; understands care. of horses, 'gar-
den; good driver; can milk; good references."
Box 3634. Call offlce. .
A YOUNG man recently from the East would
like a situation; has had good experience in
the: dry goods business. . Box : 1948, Call. ¦
SITUATION wanted— Coachman: English (33) ;
' single; stranger here; Chicago references.
J .'Box 191% Call office. ' ¦ : .THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. MAY 4. .1904.
13
PERSONALS.
SUPERFLCOUS hair removed' by the use of
"STENZIE," the most wonderful and ef-
fective derraatologlcal preparation ever placed
before tlie public; will remove permanently
any growth of hair that can be presented;
will not injure the most delicate skin: demon-
stration free. Mrs. E.G.Henderson,326A Ellis.
A fresn. smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number. 781 O'Farrell st.. near Larkln.
Call or write for book, free, ¦
"Hints on Beauty." f
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133S Polk.
A — MICROTINE. a positive cure for catarrh,
cold In the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 Uth.
Cancerous lumps, soree. Impure blood (affecting
. skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
' Fkilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market st.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT lees than coft; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers 'at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell gt .
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugi dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
812 Shotwell: consultation free; call or write.
"VITAL Ring" cures weak men; $2 50, po.«t
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Geary. S F.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (inc.). tailors, 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market.
IActlna restore* lest eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 18th. or. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, rOom 38.
'MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptlon Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1: at all druggists .
PALMISTRY.
THE secrets of personal magnetism for 25c.
Address H. W. H., 1427 Buchanan st
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor »t.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PHYSICIANS AND SUIIOJEO.V*.
DR C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021V4 Market st. bet 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD tkin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market gt.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; fcr
pa*t four years at 115-117' Mason; now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary st, near Leavenworth.
DR TONQ PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
easts cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay St.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOI1 SALE.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of investment, residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesroom, 2o
Montgomery st, MONDAY. May 9, at 12
o'clock noon.
JULIA LEAHY ESTATE^
Executor Sale. . ,
The three following properties must be sold
t3 close the above estate, subject to confirma-
tion by the Superior Court.
No. 1.
S.E. cor. of Waller and Ashbury sts.; choice
building Jot, 35x100:3. ,
I No. 2.
2303 Devlsadero st, vest line, bet. Wash-
ington and Jackson; cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; rent $22 50; lot 29:7^x137:6.
Also four choice building lots adjoining,
25x137:0 "each.
No. 3.
Lot 25, In block 6, Mission and 30th sta.;
extension Homestead Union.
JONES-STREET FLATS.
1424-6-S Jones st. east line, near Washing-
ton et.. 3 substantially built flats of 8 roonrn
and bath each, rent $127 60 per month, lot
32x137:6, Irre*.
NORTH END INVESTMENT.
1520-37 Mason St., bet. Broadway and Val-
lejo St.; improvements consist of a good brick
building, containing 34 rooms, arranged Into
7 tenements; rented low at $85 per month;
portion of lot In rear can still be built upon.
Bank mortgage of $6750 at 6 per cent can
remain ; lot 4S:9xlC0.
CHOICE MISSION RESIDENCE.
2334 Howard st, west line, bet. 19th and
20th sts. ; very de&irable bay-window residence
of 10 rooms and bath, with stable in rear;
also large garden and «awn; lot 61:6x122:6.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
37S0 17th st, north line, near Sanchez st;
a weil-built residence of 10 rooms and bath,
garden and lawn; bank mortgage of $4000 at
ti per cent can remain; lot 50x135. Irreg.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
S.E. cor. of 29th and Church ets.; substan-
tial improvements consist of store with
4 rooms. Including bake oven; also flat of 7
rooms and bath above; rented low at $57 50
per month; lot 27x80.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
16-16H Washington ave. and 9-9W Grand
ave., near 8th and Mission sts.; Improvements
consist of 4 flats ot 4-5-0 rooms and bath each;
rented low at $89 per month; lot 25x113; 2
frontau-s.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOTS.
Webster st. west line. bet.-. Oak and Fell
sts.: 2 desirable bullying lots, -25x100 each.
GIFT MAP LOTS.
Chapultepec st, east line, north of Esmer-
alda et, and Eli"io Ft. west line, north of
Eymeralda st; being lots 367-8 of .Gift map
No. 3.
For catalogue and further particulars ap-
ply to t G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery street.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200— Easy Terms.
New "Oeeanslde" Lots on Official Grade.
Fronting and Unobstructed View of Park
and Ocean.
Choicest and cheapest home sites ever offered.
All bargains! See them to-day! : V.; :"¦
"Oceanilde" branch office, cor. H street and
47th avenue.
Open Sundays and Holidays.
$75 to $250— Near Park and Ocean— $5 monthly.
$250 to $1000 — Choicest Richmond lots — In-
stallments.
$150 to $150— Level Excelsior Hd. Lots.
$1000 to " $3500— Modern cottages In Sunset.
Richmond, Oeeanslde and Excelsior Home-
stead. Easy terms!
Sunset Branch Office on 9th ave.. near H st
SOL. GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers.
• Room G4. fourth floor, Chronicle bldr.
COMPULSORY PARTITION SALE.
Grand marine view lots, $1250 and upward,
on Green, Baker and Union sts.
One-third less than adjoining lots are selling
for. -Lots are eelllng fast.
- Streets sewered and all lots on the grade.
Rlsht on car lln«' and in Improving neigh-
borhood. ,
Peremptory offering. Easy terms If desired.
O. H. FERGUSON.
409 California st. Tel. Exchange 400.
$1.23 PER WEEK, no Interest Lots In the
Excelaior Homestead . Tract: all level: no
grading to do: ready to build your little boms
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE,
20 Montgomery st. room 5.
JOSEPH STRAUB, . . 030 Market St
' $5000 — NE.' cor. 23d st. and '. Bryant ave.; 2
cottagfs. *tahle; Llenty room for flats: 50x90.
$luC0 — House of G fooms and bath; Post. nr.
Lion: largt lot. 27:6x187:0.
$2250— Two flats on 27th st. nr.' Church. ¦ -j
$2500 — House-', of; 8 rooms, bath; brick
foundation.' *
BUILD your unimproved realty: we loan full
cost Improv. and part lot at 6%. MANHAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker J»uildln«^>
J^^drrT^ty APply rCOm 2e ' flfth Coor
W k^3i? T J^ ""•jP^^Wnl st. near Mar"-
Kt^-.W rooms; sso nlcht; reading-rooms;
iree bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A o^adve < r7?J rnr<r °'~ Tht Cali tOT
oLntd S *r'^ t * cad suoscrlptlons has b*«
ii p. l arkct fct - opposlt * Flfth -
A tr^ce l::€ "'^ e ?n SS?" s "^ htJ >- damaged, half
pr.ee. Mlwloti »t.. bet. lot and 2d sts.
G^T wS Ur F^S," h . alf - eole d «Mle waiting; 25c
to fiflc. rc. yiitf.cn nt.. bet. l>t and 2fl sts.
_^__^j^2^KK»AAO AVAGO.\S.
FI Z^F J 1^ 1 " bottom Wturage; rreen feed year
round: near Blark Diamond. Contra Co«ra ;
leunty. Xucleu* Stables. 190 Stevenscn. S. F.
SAN FRAXCISCO \>te7inan,- Collejfe— Next
*"«'cn U-ging June 6. Catalogs by applying to
IJR. K. J. OtEELEY. .MO Golden Gate ave
FINE horse for sale. 6 years old: gentle; broke
for lady to ride. Box 11)00. Call office.
ALL kinds of bursries, Surrey*, wagons carts
new and elrl. chean. 1SO4-8 Folsom st.
FOR SALE — Mare 5 years old; gentle. Box
1S90. Call office.
WANTED— One or two heavy ho«eis for
_tfc3ming. Bex 1!>84. Call office.
W A^ TE P~7 To b>JV a rood buegy horse, iox
_1SC3. Call oflice. -
WANTED— A gentle horse for~a^ Udr to
_<5rt2!5._Box 1736. Call office.
FOR^ eale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1215,
* u.l office.
KORSE6 of all grades bought^ sold and ex-
changed. IT. ATKINSON. Oi Hermann st.
CAMPING wapon: irreat for theatrical travel-
era. 127 Turk »t; owner at <?40 Howard st.
A FINE raddle bores for ealeT$6o7~ Bos I$5l7
Call office. ,
WAGONETTES, surrey., busgies. wapon.« har-
neta. work and drlvinr horeeg. ISth-Valeacla.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call
in r»ri>F. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 wr year'
UOISES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of house* to let r^enTfoTc!i>
cular. S. H. L'MBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
PERRY. 204. near Fourth — $7; bOu»e of 3
rt.?m»; rrat«r free. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
*¦ CO.. 20 Montromer>- gt.
H<K SES TO LET — KLIt>iJiHEl>.
CX)MP1 ETELY furnished houj-e; large, funny
r- 1 mm; bath, large yard. basement. 1O4 Pierce,
rr. Maieht: references required. Inquire !»-12
a m.. 5-7 p.m. or 2C7 Examiner building.
DESIRABLE 2-«=torj- furnished hous?, with
La*enifnt and attic; sun £ll day: rent $75.
S45 Afhbury ft.
UOLSES FtUMSHED COlt SALB.
7-ROOM house; n*wlv furnished: all roomi
funr.v; no agents: prtce *7i>0. 312 Mason st.'
lip t: s k s-~s i lit RBAX — rrnxisHKD
FURNISHED house to let at FairoakiC~£an
Mateo County; a first-class, newly furnishrd
house containing 5 bedrooms, besides draw-
ing-room, dining-room, servants' rooms and 2
bathrooms; Icrgc stable Address J.J. MOORE
A CO.. 41«-41S California Bt.. San Frarcisco.
LAUNCHES FOB TTTBT..
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
»t.; for pleasure ar.d business; teL Bush 534.
J. Micbarlis Launch Co.. Union-st. wharf;bcat-
l^g A pxc-urslons. 3 Steuart ft: tel. John 2HS8.
LOST AAI> KOliXD.
LOST— Thursday, gold medal. Inscribed A. P.
P. B.. on the front; It has also A. M. Cai-
\hl\\)u above the medal; reward. Return 5S
Jsckion st.
LOST — Lady's gold hunting case watch, dla-
ir.ond and letters J. F. on case; ribbon fob.
large grc:d buckle. Liberal reward, Pacifle
Fur Company, 234 Powell Bt.
LOST— A pa*s book with the Hibernla Savings
and Lonn Soclct*- of San Francinco In the
rair.e of DENIS NOLAN: No. 2S0-366. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — May 2. mourninsr veil, between Ciay,
Lfavenworth, Bush, Mcntgomerv. Reward,
J436 Clay st.
LOST— A cold star with 3 links. Liberal re-
ward. 1&O4A Masonic ave., or Denman
School.
LOST — Diamond ring on Market, near 8th; 120
reward by murr.inR to CHARLES THOMP-
SON. 225 Creseley building.
LOST — Scotch Collie pup, 7 months old: coat
sable and white; black on nose. Reward,
H16 Walnut «., San Francisco.
LOST— At Oakland ferry. lady's gold watch
(Waltham); "T. F. H." on case. Return to
14 Bond e*.. ; reward.
ETRAYED or stolen; dark bay horse, white
*ad<!!<? mark and blind In left eye. Return
to 3502 Mission st; reward.
LOST — Gold watch; keepsake; Initials "A.P."
R-etirrn 572 Lombard st; reward.
LOST— 4 discharge papers of ED. PETERSON.
Return to Brooklyn Hotel; reward.
MEDICAK •
LADIES desiring tare, aure and Quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and. reli-
able; I have no failures; no exorbitant 'fee*.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed cr no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience In all fern tie disorders; call or writ*
without delay; coi respondence confidential.
UK. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 an«l s.
A — LADIES, if you are suffering from lrregu-
laritica or any ailment you will avoid dls-
appolctment* by consulting me first. My
method of treatment is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee Immediate reliaf from
any ca*e or make no charge*. Advice free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER, 219 Kearny.
MP.S. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 828 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable i»pecl»l»Kt for all fe-
male trouble* and Irregularities; instant re*
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market rt. opp. 5th.
DrTg. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble confult this specialist on female
complaints :--j>osltlvely corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the rooet difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
cpeelallftt; a private home before an4 duiinr
confinement: beat medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In ©twtetrlcs. female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment $10: hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. DR. GWYER, havlnc secured lease of
premises. Is permanently located at S11A
Letvenworth St.. bet Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Our monthly regulator never fails;
box free. VITA CO.. Station A, Detroit, Mich.
DR. ROSEN resides 2335 Folsom st. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee: $10-
YOU can obtain relief: women only. DR. R.
il. WESTON, 305 Kearny st
Dll anil MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market wt.
MISCKLLAAEOLS — FOR SALIC.
BOILERS. englnesTid-nand machint ry. McIN-
TOSH &. WOLPMAN. 195-1U7 Fremont at
DOES YOUR KOOF LEAK? ~
P.epalr It with eUterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no paintinf or coatlngr; good oversold
lrot» tin or ehlnsrlw bent for new roofs.
ELATKRITK ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, "haftlnr. etc.. etc.. bought, sow.
rented Ui exchanged; see Sunday papers.
II. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. ISO- 132 Bcale *t
PAINT your old and new metal and ehlngle
roof» with Asb«rto« Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stoo all leaks lo the one and preserve the
n<w. 205 Front gt; tel. Main 1428.
> FINE eults. $7 50: dre*s pant*. $2 50. Orig-
inal M!*flt Clothlnjr Parlors, 238 Kearny «t.
near Bush; open to 0 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, eelis or rents rear machinery, en-
rlnes boileis. water pipe, rhaftlnr. pulleys.
»tc. 'WHITKLAW. 253-255 Spear «t.
EECOND-HAND lumber of all kinds; panel
and glass doors. Plumbing goods at old Tiv-
oll Opera-house, on Eddy et, near Mason.
TRY our men's ; shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form snoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. U 3d st. Exam, bid. ; catalog free.
FOR sale— Milch goat $10; top buggy. 1 00; road
bupsy. $15. 3la .Third «t '
SIX H. P. sas engines for sale. BAY CITY
IRON WORKS. Oakland.
GOOD brickmaking machine with ITS molds.*
C»srl<rtman Bros.. 11th & Bt. James. San Joe.
Sl'COND-HAND safes. $55; 60-Inch de«k, $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. 1S1« Mark«u^ st. _J
GTIAND Imported tumbler ¦ pigeon* (rollers),'
ttuap while they last. Wilson, 229 Stevenson.
\VAXTED~MALB — Con. ¦
•.•>;' inC'EmiJlayinent and Labor Agents.
. •- • I . ' "WE SPEAK
.•-.; *'1>H. SWISS. FRENCH
•".*.. K' kS ' OREE1C ITALIAN,
v > -¦..;.»•• tree> Look — Free fare.
"•:.-. . - TO 6TATE OF NEVADA
'¦\ ¦'"¦'¦ ¦ .'.;• tint nur.:»T5. THAT'S ALL
. !.- .'' -'. ..6. GOVERNMENT WORK.
: -¦ t , :«, -y-horse if Twtrw. <W*.
¦\ • P. la borer*, you'll fult." $«>.
-. * lit*Xt. rix-kmen. fcummersmen. $75.
'¦¦ ¦¦¦-'_ "•tficJiiR* 1 •drlllern, $s»(j[.
¦¦: • .; « boar*' work; hundreds going.
; ,."•.:; i. \i FOSK I A—
: ."• • ' .-.•¦ r '-' > - kis mine company. $75. $67 50.
'."¦¦.¦.'-' *.*>ii-fcnit Miners, sold quartz, %'Ms.
.¦^^Zv.'<\'ri geld quartz. $<77 50.
" •' .; TO KARMA DAIRIES. ETC.
¦"¦• -I- «*»m. urfhard and vineyard hands all
7 * .*:*ornia. f33, «2a. $r.o, *Co and found.
tg, d **«n;pter«. f2ri. $ao and found.
¦'.'- • fn;ik« '*. located everywhere $:ut, $."',5 M
-•>..:.' MECHANICAL. ' * '
.•••. ••.''¦7.'
..'•:";,•:*''> men.' lumber comi>any ."! a day
¦ '¦'.\- e*ck*r»iih<i differer.t teb*
¦/;. 1 '* WOODCHOPPERS.
¦ '.. *:»*>i. '«< mf wood all over California
£>.- .* HO'/KL DEPARTMENT.
-.' '¦?" ¦"¦*¦*•. f or- hoteU. saloons, mines cafes '
¦./- 'I?*!* »nd KUmatcr resorts. $30, $|ft $50 i
¦•.." . j. *<.'<'* l<sd found. ' , .
-fV.j»*tt*re« different jobs, $25. V50. $35 fd
?i*.«. $25 and $3ft ar,d found"
. ., • y-i p»n«ers. S2tt. $25 and found.
.'; -' -.•• BAKERS-
-•:''.*•: baker. «n*.n th.ip. country. $55 ti.
.-,'" -. ' .LAiTNPRYMEN
¦: fkisOrpama. city Institution. $35 and Tcund
¦'.-. v rmhtv miners. $!>0; concentrator. $30.
itl'aitact painter; Fticker hand, $t a day.
-' :- . " BOYS.
•' S.BOF*, box factories. $50.
¦ '.'' -;'*-'">^t band sawyer, lumber company
•;-v;. •?. day. ",..-."•
;¦--. :.M>-RRAY & READY. C34-636 CUy st
tjKCtl hands; planer hand.
I."."-'*'" ««<* sticker hand; door raolder
•¦-•,• j.fx»pers. j» c b arr »,].
•>i ;•". * LOOK!
•--. \«iK>»€rs. near city. $2 C5 «iv
.-¦"¦•' * r -*. ?*-S*-nSan. tare $1 25 $55" to $70 ffl.
.:\':. . -¦ . SPECIAL.
¦;.' y.'mngar*. fi hours, country t\ day.
.;.•:"*.¦ -;«*terer». « hour*, country" $5 'lay.
•;i •;:• hiVr*>nt«»re. S hours, country. $3 &0 day.
••¦: : ". ! i«r p 'Vhanger». 8 hours, country. $4 day.
.:.-.<"• jfrt.-.t't*. K hours, country $3 60 day
£': . .MURRAY &" READY. <S4-«S6 Clay at.
•r>"*MipR "and wife, cook 4 men no other
:">f«U!i, $#0 and found.
>i> '.*•.- " FREE FARE.
¦'¦¦;'-.'. rr-.mert. $2 t>O to S3 day
¦;:< f irfcle. 'eold quartz mine] $67 M.
-.;.•£ *rrfc»>r.-*raurrner-house. ranch $30 found.
"if -MURRAY & HEADY. 634-636 Clay st
•,'-.i:;/tiiAR «**-yer. pawraill. $100 found.
./•fV-iTlsle packer, bcas here $40 found.
¦•.?:> Monsters, city job, $2 25 day.
' . . .4;-tfc3»i«ter*. T*>c fare. Sonoma Co.. $32 50 f J.
2-;V;' ; .-MURRAY fc READY. C34-63U Clay *t.
.-'-•. •• : . • owners ~~
. ' 1 " they are here.
•'jr. f.incle an« double hand miners, $82 60
*. ..'••rr.ji chine rftiner*. f90.
' . :* ¦ -• : miners. $82 .%0.
sCufeettn; -sough work. $3 50 day.
"---¦ •. • AJ.L GOOD GOLD MINES.
•V • .MVRRAV & READY. C34-636 Clay Bt.
':•* NSmTVhS. city. $3 to $4 day. ~
'i'lafkeir.ifh, fio shoeing faro $1 25 $3 day.
¦/•¦:"• OX TEAMSTERS.
... «'x .t^rr.stpr,. n© trucking. $75 an4 found.
Or.-Artj'er and wife Kan Mateo Co.. $40 found.
--.. . BAKERS— LOOK,
.;.-.; I^lvr. •nint-Comp»r.y, $45 found.
', , .'-ond cook, mine company. $40 found.
: -.» »k«y *zui pastry baker, botel. near city, $45
•"¦•. : r:<j ictnd.
'\i ab*r>ia6Xden, L. Co., boes here, 50c fare,
¦ s-a.'Mt. to $•".
Wijf»ew mxaci s. C Co., $«5.
'LAUXDRYMEX.
-', l"»Ti4<.sker». country. $18 week.
. >•'' or.-i mp.rkw. country. $15 week.
• Tciit&tt. country $15 week.
¦„ -.• /Murray & ready, tius-eos ciay et.
•* ' LATE SPECIALS. "
•."I'aHttr. s^ b-MMi h*re, $3 to S3 50 day; etick-
•y' : nCr.cSS, njuntry mill: blacksmith, country
¦frtJOp: 3 benrti v . • ¦'-. country planing mill;
¦Jgjpottta. city institution. $20 end found.
* I." w»»hh»-r. city institution. $2."> and found.
MiVjJiAY & READY. «24 and 636 Clay St.
A-* VNY- or;?— that's you — ran get from
'SVHRAY A READY FREE tb« bock or
" \'li fr, Ti pages, tui:y cartooned, entitled
•\. -L.KT JUSTICE PREVAIL."
." I \ • XHE LABCfK PROBLEM- .
.•-•: - By
*. "•• .HERBERT V. READY,
• „ -. • - Author and Publisher.
- *•• «S4-«r><5 Clay et.. S. F.. Cal.
3 VXftBf work in machine shop. $4 week.
" . • * 15 haymakers. $32 !H> found.
• *"r-ia*e* i-aintfT. country.
*'Pfiiit«-y. city. ?3. TA« day.
iAr..C£>odj- to drive t«im, city. $30 found.
. *««-r>ni£ baker, ncf ptionally good job, $50 fd
I'^rtT. city Institution. £35 found.
. 'M«'.^"r. 2.V- fare, $35 found.
r.iuRat^nafcer. V.k- fare. £«50 ar.d room.
• •l*.*.uftl?tr»» tfiaper and errindi* ehaper. $3 day.
• M*WJUr. rity <5»lry. $40 found.
? Ml'^RAT & READY. C34 ar.d 636 Clay Et
3 .HORsrESHOETiS, city and country.-$4 day
.Vat-Tiaee painter, fare $1 50. plain work.
' ,«s 2M Jay.
-F.-ir^man carpenter, build houses.
•*r.alr*eB *ble to har.g paper f2 to $3 day
'••. .• LOOK.
. .-H^rwsF cleaner, city $2 .V» day
.i-<*Ck* and baker, isouth. fare $4 $12 week
•' •rv.a.-hrr.an J30 founl
¦.•*• LOOK.
."Erofd 1 bak<rr. Portlend. fare paid. $20 to $24
-''a k+ '.V«kCT.. fare $1 $45 fd.
•¦¦ f->oor.<J bread hak«r. fare $1 $40 fd.
,'aK#- baker. Fresno ?15 to $20 w«k
Icarpnten factory fare 30c $-1 dsy
.. terp^.tfT. houwwork. C. C. Co $3 50
¦>2-*<-a-rT.teTe. fe hours, city job. .$3.V> day
_.!?• a* *r* r - T£ r*> SCic $6 day
Wt'traeatBi; r»ri<S*e work $4 day
• vAirKRAY *. READY, €34 to CJ6 Clay St.
fsV;r*»y.-E»Tbaker. bread. Santa Cruz $."» fd.
•— *CooJ few men" tie camp, boat here, $23 fd.
- IMgr, city institution $-"5 fd.
..f'rW. fir»t-claits city hotel $25 fd.
" *Hut:«vr and rlaughter man $50 fd.
' V.utolw>r. «R. R". company - $*>0 fd.
? VZ.*\Arp.z)t*T an4 fhr-*»»einaker $40 fd.
* B--'^tlayer San Mateo County *fl day
9*'.U,r tor yacht $¦'¦<» fd.
.'.ftrman bakers helper Sf2-> fd.
' ,• - • LOOK.
.'? It^crrr*. fr*« fare.
:^Vanstern expre*» waiton $30 fd.
'V!viff sawyer 12 25 day
•J- young men fcr til* dn>t ?» week
•VT.rtRAY & READY 634 and 636 Clay *t.
—
WANTED for V. 8. army; able-bodied un-
rr:arrt>d tn«J, between aee« of 21 and 35;
<::lz*n* of th« United Flat**, of rood char-
«r!Pi' and t»:m re-rate habits, who can epwak,
T»«ri.end write Enrllth. For Information
*I*>ly to Recruitin* Officer, Rialto building.
New Me r.t£«rh<-ry t-t.. Kan Fr&ncUeo, or IKSi
Recoaa gt.. Sacramento, Cal.
a- ••* tT Z
V.ea to J»irn the barbtr trede In two monthi
«.n<l ««scure ffoo<J position*; catuJoiru* and full
. »!r.!ormaiton milled free. MOLER System
C<il«*e. «35 Clay «t
RARBEH shop, old established, corner Ellis
* vA • WVbat^r tte.. fully furnished, for rent
Inquire VJUZ Webst*r et.
"WANTED— Laborers and mechanic* to know
T fc .sj Ed Ro'ktn. R»no House nroprirtor. has
rniijed ICO n»w roomi to th* Denver House.
-"7 Tbir4 rt.: 2TiO room*; 23c to 6Oc per nlcrbt.
WaVTED — A your* man. about IS year* old. ,
<-xr*rW»n« *-d wrapper. Call at STRAUSS &
• .KROIIMAN8, 107 Post «.
PXJIt t»ie— ftartHT- ehop; 3 chairs; good busl-
rps»; fin* location; lease; no enMe busiDets;
>r.fl[f 211 Flxth »>t.
THY "-••- rr.i r.'« rhoes. union made, at $1 and
?:"•'¦ pair: foot-form tho-c at $2 f-": w« pay
•¦-.;< or rosll charres. 11 M at. Exam. bid.
''•ANTED — Three laborer*. Fourteenth ave.'
sna N et. south: take Kentucky-strtet car.
TO let-*.Barb«r shop; furnished. Apply 1C33
Turk «t • .
rr,R wl» Pailwja. 2-<-halr *hop; itood for $100
monOJy: bargain. 1347 Broadway. Otkland.
! !.» i I: • barber chop; fircl-class business; a
rod chan<-». Apply Call otflce.
TWO-CHAIR barter shop for eate. Inquire
WILL & FINCK. 21 OFarrell et
HKAD.': rr* 4 '. r~*A '. — Shop for *ale; D wight ;
way. 2522 Shatturk ave.. Berkeley.
KaKB.i:r3— Half tntermt In a strictly firet-
cl*«. *li<'p fj»r Kale; price S300. 416 Hayes St.
A <;OOD rljjnpainter for a northern town. Box
3CTS. Call office.
*-Alij^ns and young men (rreen hands) for
»•! :i;V. HALLBERT. t.17 Jscknon tt
J.AIWDR 4?bt« ec!lrct«d; Fu'.te. attachments.
I-aw.tind Adjugunent Co.. 328 Montry.. r. 413.
YCl'NG man to learn barber trad*: wares
_*^iiU leartiinic. 741 A Howard st.
tpU|CO m»n. railor*. blacksmlthti. carpenter*.
cr»-en hand>. for ships. Herman's. 27 Steuart.
f~rmkez «itty.. E. A. Bullie. r. 40. Phrlan bid*.
?ztt C»b>; 0*0. II. Thomas Port. G. A. R.
•*' # V.ERTIS--EMKXTH. »ur«rrlptlons r^ceHred at
r *ll branch office, cor. Duncan & Church *U.
M [I ¦ S CK L L A X K O I S — F O R SALE Con.
ALTERATION sale— Btst $2 50 'ha:s7~$l~5O^
Popular Price Hatter. SJO Kearny st., near
_Plne; open to '.» p. m. : Sundays to noon.
PIPE, second-hand, all sizes; brass and Iron
fittings. THOMPSON". 40 Main st
REFRIGERATORS, cooling-rooms built ecol
nomic. effective. 1511 liith ave.. Sunset dist.
IMPROVED Wood printing i?ref«es. gasoline
engines. Boyer Machine Works. 4<> Spear st.
ROUND catriDins tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. X10 Third gt.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.." UP Montg' y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO..35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush «3S
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore. 01 McAllister Et.
BARGAINS jn fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. S«t Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE • ngine* bought, sold, exchanged.'
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
SAFES and cash reiristers new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. K. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicanes. Twentieth
Centuries. Purk-j. BAC1GALUP1. 933 Market.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B.. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all ylzea. J. E. DOAK. 4ft Fremont *t
ailSCKI.LWKOlTS WA.VTS.
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pays the
highest price ( f or buildings and will remove
the largest building In 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.
WANTED — A second-hand Yost. Caligraph or
Pmit'.i-Premier typewriter. Address box 1151, J
Call ( office. Oakland.
MORRIS «?:ves honest prices for ladles' and
gents" casteff clothing; postal. 9-13 Folsom.
SHOES wanted: misfit & oastofT: hl«;he*t prcs. ;
n«-w ft -rt-frami fho»s for rale. 74!» Ml««lon.
MOMCY TO LOAA.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
001-U02-603 Examiner Bulldln*
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trubt,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Monejr
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST &»4 AND 6 PER CENT
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.<
Any amount advanced on city. Oakland, towu
and country real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided Interests In real estate, property in
trust: loans cloeed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
107-S-9 CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STS.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
I«cw fate of interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Pox 4C8. Call office.
A. A DO YOU NEED MONEY? ? ?
Loans on furniture and pianos without re-
mcval: Icwest rates and easlpst plan In city;
den't becltate to call: Information cheerfully
given; no publicity: reliable and rquare deal-
Ing. PEOPLE'S TRUST CO..
E25 MARKET ST.. ROOM 462. PARROTT Bldg
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity cr Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake. 433 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., 68 Donohce bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private* place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stocktoa
St.- (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton ;phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant?, teamsters, bcardlng-houses. without
security; easy payment*, largs business In
40 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bid.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
¦t. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prjvaeymo commUsion;inctaIlments accepted.
BONELLL 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commifsion; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, cccfideiitlal. 26 Montgomery st. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, stiver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming leans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, HO3V6 Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dcrsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United .Loan and
Ti-uet Co.. 21 Stockton st.
1 TER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 7(« Market St.
114 per cent on furniture and planr*; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 618 Hearst bldg.. Ex. ent.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. &3S Kearny.
CA?H loaned salaried people on notes without
In-Jorver. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MTSICAI. INSTRUMENTS.
'A SPLENDID BARGAIN LIST:
1 Erard; upright; good order $50
J Bcid; upright: good order 60
1 Belruoct; new; walnut case. 140
1 Sterling; walnut cat,- 163
1 Leins; walnut case; fine order 173
1 Mendelssohn; oak caee 190
1 Rudolph: uied three months 215
I Chlckerlng: ebony case 225
1 Curtaz; mahogany case; used 18 mo... 260
1 Steck; full size rosewood case SCO
] Rtelnway; fine order 325
I Voze; mahogany case; used 7 mo.... 310
1 Knabe; Ukfrd one year; walnut case; easy
payments; fully guaranteed. BENJ. CUR-
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
frcm; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5C0-64 Hayes st. \»
RENTING is cur specialty; $2 up; apply en
purchase; Installments $4 up. HE1N£J
PIANO CO . 235-237 Geary st: Oakland. 1252
Bread way. . ¦¦'
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos
$25; uprights, $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZjg. 305 Post Bt. ¦
IF you want bargains come now; pianos almost
given away. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st
$165— 8TE1NWAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st
S-PEDAL Eteinway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger, llttie used. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Slauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
Player. P.YRON MAUZY 3fW-312 Post Kt
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET. .
FOLSOM. 033 — Large, airy store; weir lighted;
also 3 large rooms; yard; will lease.
E :^.-.Tw U . IiET '
HASEMEKT to let at 16S Fourth nt.
PAINTING. FAFEKHANCUNG. ETC.
PAINTING, papering and tinting done cheap;
all work done first class. Tel. Larkln 4171.
PROPERTY WANTED.
I WISH to purchase two'land warrants of loo
acres each. Address box 1979. Call office.
POI.\T RICHMOND REAL ESTATE. I
LAST chaiice — $5 monthly: lots any tract; first I
price, first choice; near sites bought for fac-
torlei?. etc. A. W. BELL. 211 Montgy.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OITICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
OAKLAXO REAL ESTATE.
* SEE THIS.
$4000 — Two-story house at Idora Park, cor-
ner on Telegraph ave.: 9 rooms; lot 100x1^3;
back en<J on City Park; good boarding house
fcr Idora Park employes: with new front will
make a good clubhouse; business will pay for
house and lot. this season; lot worth the price
without the house: terms easy; Installment* if
desired; REALTY SYNDICATE CERTIFI-
CATES taken In payment
HERE IS ANOTHER.
Two choice lots near Golden Gate Station !
and between that and Emeryville; lot 100.17
on Park st. and 120 on 57th or Menlo st; price
$10 front foot. «.
IRA C. JENKS, 1200 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
A SNAP.
$1050 only for a 6-room cottage with bath,
etc.. in East Oakland; easy terms. P..C LA3-
SEN & CO.. 466 Tenth at. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAJil) KliR.VITURB FOR 8ALB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In fuml-
ture. H. Ecbellhaas.llth st.cor.store.Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisings.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING, sj*
ALL" sunny; best in city; 3 or 4 rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENTS, 1500 Sacramento st. near Larkln.
ELLIS, 611— Nicely furnished sunny alcove
room, light, housekeeping; bath and phone.
FELL. 222 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms^
FULTON, 233 — 2 connecting rooms; complete
for hskpg. : gas range; grate; no children.
GEARY. 408—3 sunny, clean, nicely furnished
rooms. ¦
GUERRERO, 104— Three connected furnished
rooms; regular kitchen; adults; references.
HARRISON. 731 — Front and back parlor fur-
nished for' housekeeping: $15^
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnUhed 3-rocm. suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.
MCALLISTER. 538 — Sunny sultesi-gas range;
hot bath: laundry; phone; $14-$15-$7.
OAK. 125H — 3 large furnished housekeeping
rooms, lower floor. $15.
STOCKTON, 12C6, Model House— Housekeeping
and single rooms, $5 to $12; gas.
Twenty-eighth. 315—2 eunny, furnished house-
keeping; water; separate entrance; $6 month.
UNION. 1844—2 furnished or unfurnished
front rooms: suitable for housekeeping.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Oper. until 11 p. jr.
APART3CEKT EOU3E3.
A — CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 15.
10S4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
» Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to $10.
Make reservations now.
ST.CEC1LE. 115 Fell.above Van Ness ave.— The
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished .".-room apartments, with private batUs,
steam heat electric llght.elevator. gas ranges:
$30. S35. $37. $40. $45, $47 50. $50. $55.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson st— Modern 3-4-5
rooms; also single; furnished or unfurnished:
marine^ view; references. Phone East 1.150.
KOQMS TO LET Furn.' and Unfarn.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to'51 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
'.ight housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth st)— Rooms, 25c. 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETT. 1126 Market (old No. 13CO— Fur-
nished rooms, suite. Blngle; also unfurnithed.
CALIFORNIA, 1304 — Sunny ?ront bay-window
room: closet.runnin* water: reas. ; gentleman.
CALIFORNIA, 15.TO— 3 or 4 nice outside rooms,
unfurnished, cheap.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). 61 8 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located; sunny single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
wator. steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 If desired.
EDDY. 110, opposite Tivoll Theater; "The
Launston"; flwt-class 1 rooms: special rates.
ELLIS 611 — Nicely furnished, sunny rocms.
suitable for two; strictly quiet; bath, phone.
FOR single gentleman. In private home (no
other roomers,), , a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 . blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624. Call office.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 519— Newly furnished
rooms: suitable for 1 or 2: private home;
phone.
GOLDEN GATE. ave.. 1404 — Sunny front bed-
room; privilege of housekeeping.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. : reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished, sunny, suite;
also single rooms: $2 50 to $6 week.
HOTEL DUFFEKIN. 749 Ellis — Elegantly fur-
nished suites and elngle rooms.
OAK. 41!) — Elegantly furnished parlors; piano;
other rooms; all sunny. ' '
KOYAL House, 126 Ellls^ — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, emoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
ti $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water: bat ha.
SACRAMENTO. 1011 — A neat and very sunny
basement room for gentleman; private fanv.
THE ST. KATHRYN. NR cor. Leavenworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms In the city; Tew
hotel; just furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattresses In every room; also- hot and cold
vater. baths, etc.: steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every modern convenl-
ence; rooms from $3 per week up.
THE- Mayflower, 308 Third — Nice quiet family
house; elegant rooms: 25c. 50c, 75c, $1 night
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy: near Market — 100.
rocms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator.read.-room; free bus: baggage.
UNFURNISHED rooms, suitable for dreja-
maklng ladies' tailor or light manufacturing.
Apply A. RQY HARRISON. 140 Geary st
VAN NESS ave.. 619 — Elegant front parlors
and adjoining snlte for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. near Market—
• Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $S week;' elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggajr*.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st — Rooms from 15c
to $1 per night and from UOc to $5 p»r week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sta.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions* has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
j S^t1eL~baltimore! i it
1C15 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70«.
VAN NESS ave.. 944 — Board, room, table
board, eunny rooms; rates reasonable. Ellis
and Geary sts. cars: phone Hyde 4346.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny suites.
|ts Elngle rms.. with or without board; moderate.
HARRISON, 500." cor. First— First-class table
board; excellent cooking; $4 to *5 week.
POWELL," 502 — Large sunny corner room; also
double for 2 gents; $22 50: also single.
THE NIARA. 615 Taylor st.*— Sunny suites and
single rooms, $25 up. Phone Sutter 14Tu>.
STETTJEJUXO .ASP STAMMKKISO.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van~NesiT&~Market
promises cure If In fair health; hours 1 to 0.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington No. I
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
hlsher and lower prices; rentals. $2 50. The
.. Typewriting- Exchange. Ka California st
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. - .
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented. • repaired.
Webster. Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market..
skwim; siachwem a\i» »i>»»s»taic<»
AT half or one-third price you can buy a new
White sewt.-.g machine that Is slinatly shew
worn, at cur city offices. SCO Post st. l»tl
Flllmore and 7CJ> Valencia st.
RENT the best: we have 100 new White sew-
ing machines for rent at $2 per month.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Po»t
«t. ; telephone Black HOC.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family u»e;
be3t Is cheapest- second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Doaiestic office. 1021 Market, pear Sixth.
NEW HOME— See our cew trtp!e-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10 $13. $'.1>; second-
hand. $3 $5 $S: all styles; guaranteed.. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market St.
STORAGK AXD \VA H EIIO L' SES^
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storasj*.
packing, r hipping warehouse. G. G. and V»a
Ness; office li:e Market, r. M; tel.South 73t».
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furnltur*.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phona Grant U>\.
P1FRCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. ->f-
flce Post and Powell «ts. : tel. Prlv. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 12t).
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. i»40
Mission st: tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehf'-H*.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Cum-
pany. 232O FtMmore St.: phone Jackson 281-
BEKINS Van an* Storage Co.. 11 Mont£ome-y
St.: tel. Main 1*40 Thipplrg «t cut rate?
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new me:ho<ls: 1 week's treat-
ment free Dr. Cottingham 204 Sutt?r st.
TO LEASE.
A — APARTMENT h'^use downtown: 15o room*.
with bath; also t50-room lodging-house, clcsw
in, low rent to desirable tenant. SPECK &
CO.. 2'iO Montgomery wt.
BONDS TOR SALE.
BOSJDS for sale— Notice Is he.-eby given that
cealed bid? will be recelvej until 2 o'Ctuck
p. m.. Saturday. May 2S. 11KH. by th» Bond
of Control of the Territory of Arizona, at ih«
o(flc e of saiJ board In the City of Phoenix,
Arizona, for the sale of Ten Bonds of ins
denomination of One Thousand Dollars each,
btaring date January 1. 11>O4, due and pay-
able January 1. 1054. bearing interest at ih«
rate of five per cent (5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five year3. Issued by the Ter-
ritory of Arizona, In accordance with the
provisions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-sec-
ond Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
and which act has been apDroved by th»
Congress of the United States. Interest o:»
saltl bonds will be paid semi-annually on
the first day of January and July of sacn
y«?ar. and both principal and interest payabla
In sold coin of the United States at the of-
fice of the Treasurer of said Territory. A
certified check of a responsible bank for 5
per-cent of the amount of the bid. payable
to the order of E. E. Kirkland. Territorial
Treasurer, and a copy of\th<« advertisement
must accompany each bid. Failure of hidder
to make payment In full up->n allotment and
tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid ar.d forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reservt*
the right to' reject any and all bids. Bids
must be sealed and addressed tn the Bo»rd
of Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and rn.irK- I
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bnnd» **
UIVIIlKM) .NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, 5th flror, Mutual Savings Dank
. building. 70S Market st. opposite Third —
For the half yea- <-n<i:r«; 31st of December,
19I.VI. a dividend has been declared at th«
rate per annum of «12> twelve per cent on
capital ntock an>l participating certificates,
free of taxes, payahle on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 19«>+. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD, Manager. HUGH CP.AIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. «3. of fifty cents
(30c) per shar> on the issued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
the office ot the company, rocms 2tC 2U4 anil
2WJ. Hayward buildins. San Franclsk-o. on
May 19. 1DO4. Transfer book3' close May 3.
11KJ4. at noota. C. C QU1NN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. !>. 3 per cent, now due and pay-
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 4rt5 Mont-
gomery st. room 6. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
DISSOLUTION nr 1MUT\KK«HIP.
THE partnership heretofore existing between
the undersigned is dissolved by mutual con---
sent. MR. TOBl.N retiring. MR. JOHN A.
MORGAN assumes an'l will pay all liabilities
of the firm JOHN A. MORGAN,
O. D. TOB1N.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. April SO. 1904.— SealeJ
proposals. In triplicate, will be- received her»
and at office of Quartermasters, until 11
a. m.. May 31, 19<>4. an<i then opened, for
furnishing, during the fiscal year commenctn?
July 1. VJ04, forage and straw for San Diego
Barracks. Fort Rosecrans and Ord Barractta.
Monterey. Cal. : also at same time, at this
office only, for forage and straw for Alcattus
Island. Fort Baker, Benlcia Barracks. Fort
Mason. Fort McDowell, Fort Miley. Presidio
of San Francisco, San Francisco, San Fran-
cisco. CaL, for shipment to Honolulu. H. T..
and 'Depot of Recruits and Casuals. Angel
Island. Cal. Government reserves right to
reject or accept any or all bids In whole or
In part. Preference glv»n to articles of
American production, conditions of price and
quality (Including In the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) being equal, anl
such preference given to articles of America.!
production produced on the Pacific Coast. ti>
extent of consumption required by the public
service there. All Information, furnished on
application to quartermasters at San Diego
Barracks and Ord Barracks, or to under-
signed. WM. S. PATTEN. Assistant Quar-
termaster General. Chief Quartermaster.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
ye«terday:
Thomas C. Nixon. 21. S09 Fifth street, and
Nellie Campbell, is. 710 Capp street.
Moritz LuxemberK. 50. 1429 Bush street, and
Cirll Boyarsky. 25. city.
Antonio L. Defavia. ."7. Halfmoon Bay, and
Maria Santos. IS. Halfmoon Hay.
John W. Rutcher, 47. city, and Rose.
Browne. 31. city.
Joseph Verhalen Jr.. 2.". 5I0A Jones street,
and Mary Baptiste 25. Sausalito.
Patrick J. Lee. 25. Crockett, and Margaret
Flnnerty. 24. Crockett.
'- E1BTH8 — HABBIABES— DBATHSL
Birth, marrlaste and death notices* sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and bo
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
; free of charee. . >';<MH
BORN*.
FERREA— In this city. May i. 1904, to th«
wife- of Jost-sh Ferrea, a son.
LEONHARDT— In this city. April 23. 1901.
to the wife of Walter H. Leonhardt. a
daughter.
i OLIVER— In Frultvale. Cal.. May 1. 1904, to
L the wife of F. S. Oliver, a daughter.
WEISS — In this city. March 27. 1MM. to the
wife of Robert N. Weiss, a daughter.
3LARKIEIX
ANNEAR— EITEL— In this city. May 2. 1904.
by the Rev. George W. White, pa.stor Cen-
tral M. E. Church, John A. Annear and Ray
M. Eitel. both of San Franrtso®.
BERG — SCHAEFER— In this city, by the Rev.
Paul Branke, Paul Bers and Lulu Schaefer,
- both of tM* city.
DAWSON— RAMSEY— In this city. May 2
1904. by the Rev. Georjr<> W. White, pastor
Central M. E. Church. James Dawson and
Cora Ramsey, both of Portland, Or.
EITEL— HALL— In thin city. May 8. 1904.
by the Rev. Gcorgre W. White, pastor Cen-
tral M. E. Church. Warren Willis Elt?l au<i
Clara. B. Hall, both of San Jose.
GREAVES— LAWTON— In Oakland. Cal.,
April 3<». 1904, by the Rev. C. R. Brown.
James S. Greaves and Fannie, daughter of
Mrs. Fannie H. and the late John Lawton,
alLjjf Oakland.
LEWIS— HOFFMAN— May 1. 1904. by th*
Rev. William Hargett. Alanson Lrwla of
l'J Frankfort avenue to Mattle M. Hoffman
of Newtown. III.
THORSON— JOHNSON— In this city. April 2».
1904. by the Rev. O. Groensberjr. Thorwald
Thorson anil Inga Hendrikke Johnson.
DIED.
Benney. John Olsen. Alfred B.
Pa-v ;s. Charles RciKhley. Jamea B.
Dinsmore. Samuel Reith, Annie .
Dolliver, Charles I. s?cgerstrom. Carolina
Puran. Antonta Smith, Bessie
Fos. Isidore • Pmlth. Ottte J.
Haffey. Ann Thornton." Sarah
McBvearty. Mary Tyler. David .
Miller. Ellen
BENNEY— In this city. May 2. 1904. John,
: — . . . .
Continued on Page Fourteen.
¦Mm— MfraanniMniJh— ¦ fci^ — fci ¦»—+{
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE.
-'-.• GRAND
AUCTION SALE ,
AND EXCURSION
TO
SANTA CRUZ SANTA CRUZ
THE QUEEN OF AMERICAN WATERING
i PLACES.
' 4 ¦ • ' ______
SATURDAY. MAY 7.-4.904.
SATURDAY, MAY 7. 1&04.
300 HOMESTEAD AND VILLA LOTS 500
THE MOST IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
OF THE SEASON.
$3 00 ROUND TRIP TICKET $3 00
$3 CX> ROUND TRIP TICKET $3 00
GOOD TO RETURN SUNDAY.
NEW SANTA CRUZ.
Improvements which' will Involve an expendi-
ture of About $250,000 are now under, way,
I and wltTi tlte opening of the season of 1001
1 the tourist and pleasure steker to this beau-
tiful resort olace will witness euch a trans-
formation of the bathing beach as will fur-
nish wonderment to the mind and delight
to the eyes and sens?s.
We will offer at this sale that beautiful prop-
erty known as the
. COTTAGE CITY TRACT
consisting of
200 SUPERB AND SIGHTLY BUILDING
LOTS 300
Fronting on the San Lorenzo River, command-
ing a panoramic view of Monterey Bay, the
city of Santa Cruz ana adjacent to the new
and magnificent Cottage and Tent City. .
Lots 30 to 60 feet frontasre by 120 deep to a
15-foot alley; lots level — on grade; streets
Bewerrd: water pipes in and all ready to
build en.
The nroDerty Is on hleh land and borders on
both the San Lorenzo River and the Bay
of Monterry and, from which magnificent
vistas can be obtained of mountain, ocean
and forest scenery.
Thf-se beautiful lots are within "from five to
eight minutes' walk of the great bathing
establishment and adjoin Seabrlaht Park.
The Santa Cruz and Capltola electric line runs
through the tract. fifteen minutes ride
bringing one to Capitola, while on the other
hand ten minutes' ride will enable one to
reach the heart of the city of Santa Cru*.
SeabrUht depot, located on the S. P. Com-
pany's line. Is within three minutes' walk,
while t^e beautiful Twin Lakes He but a
short distance to the east.
SPECIAL EXCURSION TRAINS.
SPECIAL EXCURSION TRAINS.
From From Third and Townsend street de-
pot. San Francisco, Saturday, May' 7, 1904, at
7:30 a. m.
From Fourteenth, and Webster streets. Oak.
land, at 7:45 a. m.
From Park street. Alameda. 8:20 a. m.
Returning. SDecial trains wilt leave Santa
Cruz May 7, as follows:
Via broadcaugn and Pajaro at 4:15 p. m.
Via narrowgauge and Lcs Gatos at 4:20 p.m.
Excursion tickets will also be Rood return-
Ing on any regular broad or narrow gauge,
Sunday, May 8.
The round trip rate from -San Francisco,
Oakland or Alameda will- be Three Dollars ($3).
From San Jose the rate* will be $1 75 and pro-
portionately low rates from Intermediates will
be announced.
LUNCH CN THE GROUNDS.
Arraricements have been made, whereby the
ladles of the East Santa Cruz Improvement
Society will provide a fin? lunch In the open
and for which they will charge a moderate
sum.
- For mars and full particulars apply to.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 POST STREET.
REMOVAL NOTICE. '¦ |
The office of the Jacob Heyman Company has
been removed, to Office of OSCAR HEYMAN.
14 Pest st.
|2931-S5-37 PIERCE Ft.— Lot £0x112:6; will sell
for cash. Address box 1S60, Call office.
ALL work guaranteed first class *>y -ALH-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st
HEAL ESTATK Conn try — For SaUe.
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
$12,500 — Splendid stock ranch and general
farm. 2e00 acres; 4 miles from Courthouat,
Mendocino County; 200 acres tillable; 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied wrrb
water and an abundance of Irve oak timber;
there are several patches suitable for alfalra.
$S<XK>— Only 3\i miles ofGeyservllle, the Gem
of Sonoma County; -% mile good school; rural
mail delivery; 50 acred; W acres rich bottom
land; 2 acres orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing:; 5 acres alfalfa; well fenced and cross
fenced; 5- room house, 2 good barns, nice spring;
have other bargains in this superb section.
$3500 — Mile and a half of St. Helena; 165
acres. 30 undt.r cultivation, t! acres bearing
orchard, 5 acres vineyard; water piped lo
buildings; fine 2-story residence, stable, barn,
carriage-house: once refused $12,OUO cash.
$IR)O — Only 1 mile of town; SO acres; house,
trees, vines, berries: 15 acres bottom land;
placer and quartz gold; 2 garden patches, out-
slfle rar\gt>, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$1000— Near Merced City, on main road; 40
acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives. 10 acres
alfalfa. 0'.4 acres bearing orchard; 2 wells; all
under ditch; fine cottage, 5 rooms; steel wind-
mill and tank; good barn, toolhouse. granary,
poultry houses. Incubator houses; nice Income;
cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided
in small tracts at $05 per acre; one-third of
crop with place.
Adjoining the town of Lodi, both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under dltcii;
$)2r> to JH.'j iut acre.
$50 per acre; 10 acres up; under ditch; l>-i
miles from Lodi, on main county road; also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an
acre.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
I have se%-eral parties with good income
property to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging-houses; many cash buyers; list your
property.
$2500 — CO acres; 5 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
some steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing; g-ood 7-room house, barn, outbuildings:
bank foreclosure; $500 down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$10.000 — In Sonoma County; $00 acres well
fenced in 3 fields; house: 3 largo barns; dairy-
house; well watered; 200 acres tillable; all
level: 24 acres 8-year-old orchard; 30 head cat-
tle: 20 hogs; farming Implements, etc.; $5oo<>
mortgage; trade for bay property.
?3250— 20 acres sandy loam, only 2>/S miles
ot Petaluma; house.5 rooms and balh;part cash.
$5000 — Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 32O
acres; 2 seta eood Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools; outside range.
?45OO— 30 acres close to Morgan Hill. Santa
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard, 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
finished cottage of 5 roomo: outbuildings; fine
Income; would trade for Income city property.
$1100— Only 6 miles from Courthouse; 80
acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
part caBh: near Red Bluff.
$17,000 — Finest ranch In San Joaquln County,
between Stockton and Lodi; water. near sur-
face: good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals:
450 acres rich land. 1 mile of Calaveras Klver,
on main road; mortgage $9000; would trade for
first-class l'roperty near city.
f45«KV— Near Newcastle; 21 acres; oranges,
cherries, pearhei", lemons, plums and apples:
email but nice house; only ?1500 down; have
barrens In, this vicinity from $1000 up.
?2250— 10 acres, all In apricots just com-
mencing to bear: 0 miles from San Jose; lovely
home: half cash.
?1700— In Sonoma City: 8U acres: all level:
arood house, barn, windmill, tankhouse; 13
poultry houses and yards; some alfalfa; spring
waron; 5^0 chickens; foedhouw?. .
?25OO — Only 2 miles from San Jose: 4 acn>s;
2V4 acres bearing orchard: hard finished cot-
tsie, 5 rooms: stable, windmill and tank;
cheap. ¦
$nwio — 13ft acres east of San Jose, 125 acres
In hay: »rood snll.
Send stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITK. 2rt Montgomery St.. room R
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY,
. ¦ Full charge taken of property. ;
718 ACRES adjoining Palo Alto at $60 per
acre: 100 acres full bearing prunes; 2 first-
class 10-room houses, stable, cowbarn. hay-
barn, prunehousp. storehouse: fenced In » 5 ,
¦ fields; water piped - to every building ajid
field. THORNE & KILPATTIICK. 312 Bush
st. San Francisco.
GREAT bargain— Rich. Irrigated farms; big
canal ; free water right; very cheap; easy
terms; homeseeker'a opportunity. CM.
WOOSTER CO.. . 043 Market st.
1400 ACRES at .*« 50 per acre; only 90 miles
from San Francisco; to close up an estate;
see owner dally at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
INGE, 10S Jessie st, San Francisco.
ALFALFA lands, -«tock ranches, 'orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st >. ¦ J'-- ".•.¦•-.»-• '
$350 — A ; FARM.- 40 acres good land, good
house, running water. 1 near P.O. Address II.
• ROCKSTROH. Iversen, Mendoclno County.
FOR sale-r-A large. tract of redwood at a bar-
galn; 35,000 feet per acre. Box 197S. Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 : pages, rent to any address In ths
.United State* nr PatioHo nnm vear for 11.
HAVE VARIETY OP MERCHANDISE!
FOR ANY NEED ASTHELARGEST
'§:;.-¦ DEPARTMENT STORES ~~Cabinet reconstruction during the re-,
cess, nor would there be any calls to
the Legislative Council. «
The i Government has arranged with
G. W. S. Patterson . for a loan of
that gentleman's fine collection of
kauri gum samples,- to be forwarded to
the , St. Louis Exposition, as one
of the exhibits in the New Zealand
court. The collection numbers "up
ward 1 of 1000 pieces of gum and should
prove "a. splendid, means'of advertising
one. of the"; most important of the col
ony's Industries
ARRIVES
Tuesday. May 3. ;
Stmr Maggie. Coming, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed May 0— Ital bark
Mlchfle Bianchi. tor Newcastle, Aus • «i mr
Gaelic, for Yokohama. "
Arrived May 3— Schr HHenc. hence Apr 19
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Sailed May 3— stmr Cevic
for Liverpool: Mmr Kronprinz WllhHm, fo
" Bremen; stmr Amsterdam.' for Rotterdam*
"stmr Lombardia. for Naples; stmr Princess
Irene, for Genoa and Naples. >
: CHRISTIANIA— Sailed May 0— Stmr Norse
for New York.
. AUCKLAND — Arrived prior to May .'! — Stmr
Ventura, from San . Francisco, via Honolulu
Xor. Sf dney. , '
Late Shipping- Intelligence.
A public meeting for the benefit of
the Russian Red Cross Society will be
held at Native Sons' Hall to-morrow
night. The public is invited to attend.
Russians Will Meet.
The first election of the Bohemian
Club under new by-laws took
place Monday afternoon. The polls
were kept open for one hour. Direc
tors as follows were, chosen: Presi
dent, James D. Phelan; vice president.
Frederick \V. Hall: secretary. C. S,
Aiken: treasurer, F.. G. Sanbcb-n: di
rectors, J. Wilson Shiels, David Bush,
J. C. Wilson, Thomas J. Barbour, C.
J. Dickman, William Letts Oliver, D.
Ernest Melliss. Charles Sedgwick
Aik^n, the new. secretary of the club,
is the editor of the Sunset Magazine.
His achievements as sire of, the Bret
Harte high Jinks were highly com
mended by the club membership.
Bohemian Club Election.
Teachers (Jet Salaries.
Although yesterday was observed
practically as a holiday by the mun
icipal departments on account of the
primary election, Auditor Baehr and
City Treasurer McDougald kept their
respective offices open to give the pub
lic school teachers an opportunity to
cash their salary demands for April.
Before evening most of the peda
gogues had received their monthly
stipends from Chief Deputy Devoto.
who sent all of them away smilins.
There are now living in the Royal
Aquarium in Russia several carp that
are known to be more than 600. years
old and it has been ascertained in
several cases that whales live to be
over 200 years old.
The following table gives a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet per
second, or pecond feet. The figures for the
last year may be revised by later measure
m«nts. The figures are by S. O. Bennett,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANYON.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1903. 1904.
April 17 15,200 34.300
April 18 Ifi.720 37,«BO
April 19 15,200 30.100
April 20 I4.M0 36.700 .
April 21 14.500 .'i6.7OO
April 22 "14.500 32,000
April 23 14,600 20.700
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet.
DATE. • - '
1903. 1904.
April 17 2,SW) 6.060
April 18 2.7C0 5.666
April 19 2.540 P.785
April 20 2.7M rt.2.10
April 21 2.9SO 5,100
April 22 3.7C0 4.S00
April 23 4,gQ0 4,014
KINGS RIVER. AT RED MOUNTAIN*
¦'.v v Second Feet.
DATE.
1003. 1004.
April 17 2.n«4 3.803
April 18 2.034: 4,054
April Id 2.034 4,800
April 20 2.0S4 4. 1C0
April 21 2.242 3,315
April 22 2.W2 3,315 .
April 23 , S.760 I 2,756,
TULE RIVER. NEAR PORTERVILLE.
' Second Feet. '
DATE.
1003. 1904.
April 17 315 . 235
April IS 315 '210
April !»' • 2W5 41S
April 20 :.*k.-..' .' 2S5 845
April 21 315 285
April 22 ; S15 . 260
April 23 380 235
FLOW OF 1 CALIFORNIA MVERS.
Three room robberies were reported
to the police last night. Annie Rich
ards of 803 Montgomery street report
ed the, theft of a gold watch and chain
valued at $50. James Powers made
•complaint that his room at 127 Mont
gomery street had been pilfered of a
gold watch valued at $30 and a lot of
clothes and toilet articles. Mrs. Mar
gie Howard reported the burglarizing
of her room at 18 Mason street. The
thieves took clothes and jewelry val
ued at $27.
Room Robbers Are Active.
Colonel Carey M. Jones of Davenport,
a well-known livestock auctioneer, in
association with a number of other
prominent auctioneers, .will open in
July in this city the National School
of Auctioneering and Oratory. The aim
of the school will be to develop auc
tioneers capable of rolling off talk by
the yard. There will be courses in
oratory, grammar and other branches
and a competent specialist In charge
of each department. Colonel Jones
conducted sales of fancy cattle in sev
enteen States of the Union last year.—"
Chicago Record-Herald.
"Golns, Gone." As a Fine Art.
CAIil. subscribers contemulattajr •
chsuxrs of residence dttriasr the rammex
months cam have their Bauer forwarded
by mall to their new address t>y notify
lnsr TEE CALL Business OSes. This
paper wUl also.be os sale at all snmmei
resorts and Is represented by a looaj
ajrent in all towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS IiEAVIXO TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER..
The annual memorial exercises un
der the auspices of George H. Thomas
Post. Grand Army of the Republic,
were held last night at Stelnway HalR
A varied programme was rendered,
including a prayer and address by the
Rev. William Rader. songs by the
quartet and choruses in which the
audience joined. Dr. Rader spoke
feelingly of the departed members of
the post and of the lives and deeds of
some of the notables who were lost.
The following programme was ren
dered:
Opening, "Remember Now Thy Creator"
(Gerrlsh>, quartet: colors. "The Star-Spangled
Banner," Miss Helen Colburn Heath: G. A. R.
ritual, commander and adjutant; piano nolo.
"Kamenol-Ostrow" (Rubinstein), Miss Julia
Rapier Tharp; reading of*record$ of deceased
comrades. Comrade John H. Roberts, adjutant;
requiem, "Ave Maria" (Schubert), Miss Helen.
Colburn Heath, Miss Julia Tharp at the piano;
G. A. It. ritual; son?. "Nearer Home" (Am
brose), quartet: Scripture reading, chaplain;
hymn. "Lead Kindly Light" (Johnson), quar
tet; prayer. Dr. Rader; patriotic hymn. "Tent-
Ing To-night" (Macy), quartet ;- memorial ad
dress. Rev. William Rader; "America," au
dience; G. A. R. ritual; "Good Night" (Buck),
quartet; Taps. . v. . %
Members of George II. Thomas Post
Assemble to Pay Respects to
Deceased Soldiers.
YTCTERANS HONOR MEMORY
OP DEPARTED COMRADES
Burrell G. White, Andrew J. Clunie
and E. A. Bridgtford, Individually and
as executors of the will of Thomas J.
Clunie. and Jane Doe Libby are de
fendants in a suit filed yesterday by
E. Curtis to recover possession of per
sonal property of a value of $1176
which he alleges the defendants
wrongfully, maliciously and illegally
removed from the premises at 1011
Pine street and converted to their own
use. The property in question con
sists of portieres, curtains, carpets,
mirrors and other household furnish
ings, r : •
The complaint asks for the recovery
of the property or judgment for $4 676.
This sum is to cover the value of the
property, $1000 claimed to have been
expended by the plaintiff In the pur
suit of the property and $2500 ex»
emplary damages.
Action Is Brought to Recover Prop
erty Alleged to Have Been Wrong
fully Taken by Defendants.
EXECUTORS OF THE CLUNIE
WHili ARE SUED BY CURTIS
Bonds Sell Briskly, but Shares
Continue Quiet.
Th»re was nctivc trading in bonds, but shares
did not meet with much attention and there j
were no fluctuations worthy of note. The oil j
and mining stocks continued featureless. '
Ex-d!viiend yesterday: Edison Light and !
Power Company Gs (lt'21). semi-annual,
amouniing to JlS.tSO.
The Onumea Sugar Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 20c per share on the 5th.
A dividend of 5 per ctnt is now being paid to
the depositors of th» Pacific Bank, in liquida- j
tion.
Then are now sixteen railroad carloads of
Oph:r ore en route from the mine or at the
reduction works at Valiejo Junction awaiting
sale, two carloads more having Just been
6hitipc-d.
Thf Gre«ne Consolidated Copper Company
has declared a dividend of 3 per cent, payable
May 25. It is officially announced that the
qui'k aercts of the company amount to 1
$1 1'4O.COO.
The gross earnings of the California and
Noithwcstern Railroad Company for March. '
VMH. dfrrfafr.i 45752; net earnings decreased
$»i.%47. and. after deducting fixed charges, the
munth showed a delicit of ?29,108. For nine
, mr>nth« to March 31, 1904. gross earnings in
crcafed $4fc.447 and n<?t deceased $14,557.
STOCK AM) BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAT. May 3—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. AfiVl Bid. Ask.
4s r coup.. 107 4 — |4s qr cp new.l.TJ I33U
4» <jr reg...l07V»107?il:is qr coup. ..106 107>i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5». — — JOT Co 6s.ll9U —
Bay CPO r,s.lOO>il(rJ I Do 5s 111>« —
Cal C G r»«. — 1(15 Do con 5fl.l01«,i —
Ca! G & E g |O<ean!c S 5s. C2>£ 80
m & ct 5s. 8m 81%!Om Cable 6s. — 122
Cal -st C ris.ll«* 4 I17 l ,4!Pac O Im 4s. — 05>4
C C Wat 5s. — 1C1 P E Ry 5s.lO4^105U
Ed L & P <3« — — IP & C H Gs.104% —
; F & C H Cb.114'4 — IP & O R Os.lle —
Geary-st 5s.. — — |Powell-»t 6s. — 114
H C&S 5»^s.I0O — |Sac EG&R5s. — 97U
Do r* — 98l±!SK & SJV5s.ll6«4 —
Hon R T 68.104?$ — (Sierra R 6s. 110 —
L A Elec f>f. — 105 is P of A (is
L A Ry 5s.llli*lll?i (1903) 107*il08»i
L A L Co Cs — — (1910) .....109 —
Do gtd 6*. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 105 <1905)Sr A.1O1>5IC2
LAP lem 58.100 — <I9O5)Sr B. — lC2*i
Mkt-st C «s. — 119>i n»06» 104>i — '
Do lem 5«.»13*i — M912) — 116
MV4 MTRs.lOl'/J — SPC 1 eg 5s.l10 —
NRR of CC*.1C7 lf)7U Do «mpd..lO7»; —
Do 5s 116^117 IS P B R 6s.l32 —
X P C R 5s.lO5 107 |S V Wat 6s. 104% —
N C Ry r.s.109 — I Do 4s 2dm. 99^ —
N O P C r.s. 99 102 ( Do 4s 3dm. — I00<5
N S R R 5s. »t! 100 Stkn G«E6e. 95 97»i
O G L&H 5s.lOGl±107 III G & E 5s. — 103
WATER ' STOCKS. ,
Contra Cogta 37 38 (Port Costa...
Marin Co... — 61 |S V Wat Co. OS 39
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. — 4 RFG&E. 61% 62Ai
Mutual E L. 12 13 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 5€»; — I! C i E Co. — S3
INSURANCE.
Flrcm's Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l25 — L P & A....iT>2ii _
Anglo-Cal .. «2>4 S7 Mer Tm*t....20O —
Bank of Cal.426'i — Merch Ex.... — _
r-al Safe Dp. — 150 |S F Natlonl. — _
Tirst Natlonl — — |
' SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22C0 2C50 |Sav & L So. — 100
Hum fl & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co..
S F Sav U.620 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 IPresldlo 39U 41
Geary - «O |
POWDEn.
Giant 60?i Ul'ilVlgorlt ..... 4«4 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 40c iKilauea S C. .1 414
Hawaiian C. 4S% 60 JMakaweU C 21 22
Honokaa SOU — iOnom^a S C. 2314 2714
Hutch SPC 8«i 9 IPaauhau S C. 13 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
A^ska P A.139</£ — lOceanlc H Co. 4 4«A
Cal F C A. — I0O«i|Pac Aux FA. — 6
Cal Mine .\. *l>i 0214 1 Pac C Borx.165 167
MV& MtTm.100 — |
Morning Session.
Board— «
4t» Alaska Packers' Association. ..140 00
35 «"ontra Costa Wator. 37 50
10 S F Oas & Electric «2 00
10 H F Gas & Electric. „ «•' 1214
45 K F Gai & Electric if 25
40 S F Gas & Electric. * 90 62 25
*5.fiO0 Cal Gas & El Gen M & C T 5s. SI 50
fS.OOO Los Angeles Ry 5 per wnt...lll K2U,
55.000 Ixm Angeles Ry 5 p*-r'cent...lll 50
J5.0O0 Spring Val 4s <2d mtgo). 99 25
( 5, 000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 105 00
Strwt —
$3,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar fts.... OS CO
I10.000S P of Arizona (19t*) 108 12'^'
Af Urrloon Session. '
Board —
15 Hutchinson S P Co... g 50
$2,000 s p of C (is (1905, Scries B)....1O2 50
Street—
$2,000 Lo« Angclen Ry 5 per c*nt...lllK0
$2,000 S F &. H J V 5 per cent 116 SO
STOCK MAEKET.
Flour. <jr sks .. 4.4101 Wool, bale* ... 686
Wheat, ctle 3.1S9::Broomcorn. bdls. 337
Barley, ctls 1.534| Hides. No 166
Oats ctls 1M; Pelts. No. 95
Corn', ctls V** Leather, rolls .. 159
Bean.", sks I.S88!Wlne. gals 46,400
Potatoes sks .. 2.4&:j;Llme. bbls 317
Bran sks l.tttoj paper, reams .. 6P2
Hay tons 303:?ugar. ctls .... 2,00<>
OREGON.
Flour or eks .. 1.2I6TPotatoes. sks ... 5W
EASTERN.
Corn, ctl» 500iCornmeal. sks... 500
FOR TUESDAY. MAY S,
Receipts of Produce.
Continued From Pace Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.| Bid. A«k.
Bay CPC 6s. — 90 |SF &. NP 5s. — 111 1 ,!
B L Wat es. — llT^IS P C R if- — 100
, Cal NW 5s..l0$y>110«.j S P Co -I^S.IOO^IOI^
M C Wat 5s.lOO — Kun Ttl CS..113 —
I Ills I WksSs — 107", Ruttr-st U 5slO5 113 '
EF Drdk 5s — 113»i UR of SF 4s. 77% 77%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 24 — Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils S« — Nev Nat Bk. — 2C0 .
Cbl G&ECor. 42 — N S R-R Co. OVi —
C Jockey Cl.irjo 150 t' Cal P Co. — 11%
al Powder.. 125 — Oak Bk, Sav.ll2V4 —
Cal Ship Co. 21 *_'7 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & r — 138 IOOK Hall A 0> —
Cen Bk. Oak 64 65 Orpheum Co.. 14 —
. Chutes Co . . — ~% Pac C Cas..l20 —
City & C Bk. — 112 Pac S Tel... — 102
J Cjt L Imp.. 6 — Paraf Paint.. S8 — *
r:a«t Dynm.. — 260 S F Drydock. 60 —
Dj rtPwd pfd SO 00 SF&SJ Coal.. — 30
Vj com.. — 50 6 J Wat Co. — 106
FN Bk. Oak.120 — fcO & MTgt.125 —
Fischer Thtr — 1 Swiss-A Bk..ll5 —
Fmch-A Ek.105 — |T«uck Elect.. 12^4 12»j
Gas Con A.. — 22 |bR InCpfd. 42 —
Hona ¦? Co. — 14',4 Do com ... 9 —
Afternoon Session.
$10,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent v 77 25
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale* on the San Fran
cisco Stock a«d Exchange Board yesterday:
' Morning Session.
600 Andes 221 100 Ophir 8 87VJ
100 Caledonia ... 59 100 Savage 37
100 Challenge Con 19 100 Seg Belcher .. 11
100 Chollar 23 300 Seg Belcher .. 10
100 Con C & Va.I 60 350 Sierra Nev :. 57
300 Exchequer ... 2S 200 Sierra Nev . . BS
200 Gould & Cur. 23 000 Union Con . . 75
600 Mexican 2 10 300 Yellow Jacket. 21
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 23 100 Exchequer ... 29
200 Belcher 24 60 Gould & Cur. 22 '
300 Best & Belch.l 601 500 Justice 10
100 Chollar 231 300 Potosl 20
350 Con C & Val 60 300 Savage ... 38
200 Con C & Va.I 65 1 400 Union Con .. 70 '
200 Crown Point. 1ST
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were tho sales on th» Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Andes 22, 500 Kentuck 05
600 Andes 21 1 200 Mexican 2 10
600 Andes . % 241 100 Mexican ...2 12H
300 Andes 23! 100 Ophir 5 75
200 Caledonia ... 5»i 100 Savage ....... 37
100 Challenge Con 21 J 200 Silver Hill .. 57
100 Con C & V.I 62>i! 200 Union Con .. 73
Afternoon Session.
500 Chollar 23| COO Potosl 19
200 Mexican 2 15 200 Union Con .. 78
100 Ophlr 5 87WI
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 MacXamm. 19| 12 Ton Midway.. 38
200 Ton Belmont. 71| 200 Ton N Star.. 30
Afternoon Session.
200 MacNamara. 20| 500 Mont Ton...l 62H
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. May 3—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.l . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 061 Justice 10 11
Alta 07 C8[Kentuck 03 04
Andes 23 24|Keyes Graes.. — 1 00
Belcher 24 2«5|Lady Wash .. — Off
Best & Belch.l 60 1 60,Mexlcan 2 15 " "0
Bullion 09 lOiOccldental .... 80 84
Caledonia ... 60 61|Or.hir 5 75 C CO
Challenge Con 18 19|Overman 29 30
Chollar 23 24| Potosl 19 »0
Confidence ... 95 1 05|Scorplon 15 "0
Con C & Va.I 60 1 651 Savage 87 3S
Con Imperial. 02 031 Seg Belcher .. 10 11
Con NT 02 O3!8!*>rra Nev .. 56 6S
Crown Point. 17 19|Sllver Hill .. R0 BS
East Sierra N 06 — 1st Louis 09 10
Eureka Con.. — 60|Syndlcate .... 04 CO
Exchequer ... 28 30 1 Union Con ..77 78
Gould & Cur. 22 2.11 Utah 10 11
Hale & Norc. 65 701 Yellow Jacket. 21 22
Julia 05 O7|
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.I Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 07 Ray Ton — 15
; Esperania ... — 01 Ray & OBrien 03 05
, Gipsy <iueen. — 30 Rescue — C8
I Gold Anchor. 30 —Ton Belmont.. 70 72
j Gold M Con.. 01 04) Ton & Cal.. 07 —
I MacNamara. 19 20; Ton of Nev9 62»i 10 00
: Mizpah Ex... 11 25 Ton N Star.. 29 30
Mont Ton ..1 50 1 SslTon Midway.. 38 30
Nev Chief .. — 10| United Ton .. 10 -
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
I Alma 125
j Apollo , 43
Associated Trust Cert 19 l p o
• Aztec ' 75
Caribou 4 25 4 3i>
Central Point Con rj) 74
Chicago Crude 21
Claremont CO 64
• E«r*ranza 1 40
'Four CO 62
, Fulton ;.. 275
I Olnnt .'. is . .
j Hanfcrd ISO CO 200 00
Home 1 ao 1 V2%
Imperial 14 0<> 16 CO
Independence 24 25
Kern BOO fj 12Va
Kern River 9 00 12 00 -
Lion 01
Monarch of Arizona "f> 40
j Monte Cristo J- ~O 7.",
Occidental of W Va 13 14
'Oil City Petroleum 45 47
I Peerless 13 TA
Plttuburg 15 20
Rf-ed Crudf 1 50
R F & McKlttrlck 3 00
(Senator 67 70
Sovrrr-lgn 44 50
KtprliiiK 2 15
Superior «H OS
Th'rty-threw ' S 25
Tr>lt«><- 21
Twenty-eight 7 00 "50
i Wwt Shore 2 60
j Associated Bonds 79
! T«nk .... 110
MlRrollaneou? —
1 Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 85 1 60
Cil Gu & Electric Corp SS 00
California Shipping Co 20 0O
Chutes Company 7 00 7 50
Cypr*"-B Lawn Imp Co 6 00 7 00
Fischer's Theater 60
Northern Cal Power 11 00 It 25
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 35 2 CO
SALES.
Morning Session.
2W Home Oil 1 60
000 Occidental Oil 12
COO Occidental Oil 13
Afternoon Session.
100 Home Oil (b 10> 1 fin
100 Twenty-eight OH 7 00
Floor — Edward O'Dea (floor manager). J.
Kelly, P. B. Kyne. Oliver Ol*en. William A.
Kelly. Frank O'Reilly. Harry Da we.
Prize — Eugene McCoy (chairman), Thomas
Copzrove. J. A. Kelly. J. W. Smith. T. II.
Corcoran.
Games — Charles McPhee (chairman). Joseph
Donlon, M. Meherin, Frank Cornish, J. F.
Daly, P. J. Kennedy. Charles ilcCrystle,
Thomas Nolan, William A. Kelly.
Press — Eustace Culllnan (chairman). Dean
Curtin, Edward O'Dea.
The annual picnic and outing of
St. James parish will be held at Mira
bel Park, Santa Cruz Mountains, on
Thursday, May 26. Special trains will
be run to and from the picnic grounds
in order to accommodate the Jarge
crowd that is expected to attend.* Val
uable game and gate prizes will be
distributed. - The following commit
tees will have the outing in charge:
General — Owen E. Brady, Eugene McCoy.
Itev. P. R. Lynch, William H. McCarthy.
Arrangements — Walter S. Oorn (chairman).
Judge H. J. Stafford. W. M. Cannon, Joseph
Donlau. Daniel Hartnett. J. P. Leonard.
Thomas Cosgrove, Martin Fragley. Dr.
Charles Jones. M. W. Farrell. Joseph Gal
lagher, Thomas Kerby, James P. Devine, Dr.
J. P. Hal ton, J. J. Clarke, Hon. E. J. Smith,
Dr. Joseph G. Brady.
Reception — Thomas J. Powers, Dr. W. B.
Coffey, Dr. James Hughes, Dr. James Sey
mour, Thomas H. Corcoran, William A. Kelly,
Peter McArdie. William H. McCarthy. P. J.
Kennedy. Richard Barry, Dr. Thomas D*
Maher, John O'Brien. F. B. O'Reilly.
Transportation — Thomas II. Griffin (chair
man). Judge H. J. Stafford, Joseph G. Gal
lasher,' Thomas Kerby. Dr. J. P. HaJton. P.
B. Kyne, Eugene Murphy.
Plan to Hold Picnic at Mirabel Park,
Santa Cruz Mountains, on
Thursday, May 26.
PARISHIONERS OF ST. JAMES
- CHURCH TO ENJOY OUTlNG
E. M. Swasey of Barnhart & Swasey. adver
tising agents: J. Cooper of the F. J. Cooper Ad
vertising Agency: Luther E. Fitch of the Bul
letin; "W. E. Joslyn, advertising manager of th«
Emporium; C. H. House of The Call: R. C.
Ayres advertising manager of S. N. Wood &
Co.: James Johnson, advertising manager of
"Weinstock, Lubin A Co. : Homer Douahey. ad
vertising manager of Prager's. Inc.; W. II.
Plnney, advertising manager of Hale Bros.';
J. R. Hamilton, advertising manager of J.
Friedman & Co.; Edgar H. Dunn, advertlsinff
manager of the Sterling Furniture Company:
George W. Fischer of the Fischer AdvenUinc
Agency; S. M. Barrus, advertising manager cf
Kohler & Chase: George Cha?* of the same
firm; H. C. Rowley of the California Fruit
Grower: II. P. Stabler, chairman of the ad
vertising committee of the Stat<* fruit growers"
organization; J. Eppinjrer ar.<i A. G. Carter of
Barnhart & Swasey, and J. D. Barnhill, ccast
representative of tho Review of Reviews.
Testerday's luncheon Is likely to re
sult in a permanent organization of
the advertising men of the dally
papers and the representatives In the
same line of business in local mercan
tile houses. Among those in yester
day's gathering were:
A number of representative adver
tising men of this city held a luncheon
yesterday at which plans for a general
meeting place, where they can lunch
every day and discuss matters of im
portance to their profession, • were
considered. It was also the unani
mous opinion of those present that a
banquet should be held every sixty
days, at which /papers on advertising
topics can be read and properly dis
cussed.
Representatives of Prominent Local
Firms, Agencies and Papers Dis
cuss Project at Luncheon.
ADVERTISING MEN FLAN
PERMANENT ORGANIZATION
Let u« pray that Russia may win. Such
should be the fervent prayer of every pious
and patriotic Australian. ¦ On the issue of the
war between Russia and Japan hangs the des
tiny of white Australia. This conflict between
thn white Christian and the brown pagan con
stitutes the supreme crisis of Australia's na
tional fate. It is not only a struggle between
two nations: It is the Inevitable clashing of
the civilization of the wei«t with that of the
oast — a duel to the death which shall decide for
this side of the future whether Kuropean ideas
and Christian civilization or Asiatic ideas and
pagan barbaripm shall dominate this hemi
sphere.
Later, in a -public address at Sydney,
he said:
What would become of 'Australia if China
again, as in the thirteenth century, found its
own Gordon \ or Julius Caesar, or, Napoleon?
Where would the brunt of the first attack fall?
Upon Australia as one of the moot neglected
outposts of the empire. And neglected by
whom? Not so much by the imperial authori
ties as by the Australians .themselves.
They took more interest In a cricket or football
match, or in tho race for the Melbourne Cup
than they did !n thn great question of the su
premacy of the white race.
Things political are rather quiet in
New Zealand. . -:':
The Premier, in a late interview, said
Parliament will meet In ' the last week
of jTune, by which time the new; Gov
ernor will be. Installed in office. He also
said positively that there would be no
There is a strong pro-Russian senti
ment in the commonwealth. John Nor
ton, editor of the Melbourne Truth, re
cently said editorially:
The selection of a site for the Federal
capital seems to be as far off as ever,
and the matter will doubtless go over
to another Parliament.
SYMPATHIZE WITH RUSSIA.
There is much comment on the meth
ods in vogue of handling fruits, which
are very unsatisfactory to buyers and
entail waste and loss on the growers.
The Sydifcy Herald says:
Generally speaking, the fruits sent in are
not properly "got up" for sale. Grading and
packing are effectively carried out by the few.
bui If ever tr^e cold storage of fruit develops
sufficiently to allow of our soft fruits being
sent to London there will need to be immense
improvements In methods of handling and
packing. A striking object lesson was afford
ed laat year by the condition In which stone
and other eoft fruits arrived In . Sydney from
America. These fruits were packed so that
each specimen had a space to Itself.
It strongly recommends the general
adoption of the American plan.
The first-class twin screw armored
cruiser Euryalus, which under the new
naval agreement has replaced H. M. S.
I Royal Arthur as flagship on the Aus
tralian station, arrived at Sydney April
j S and mo6red at the Royal Arthur's
buoy In Farm Cove.
The gross imports of Australia,
amounting to £26,770,000, exceed the
aggregate exports by £29.000, indicat
ing that the state has absorbed more
capital.
A writer in the Sydney Herald calls
attention to the mining situation in the
following words: 'That the mining in
dustry in Australia has fallen on evil
days is, unfortunately, but too evident.
In Western Australia the returns for
the past year have been remarkably
good, nevertheless there has not been
the activity there that there should
have been. On this side of the conti
nent mining is practically dead, and
the miner is wandpring about the land
desperate at the present condition of
affairs and full of pessimism as to the
future. Lyell, Cobar, Gun'dagai, .Wya
long. Orange, New England— all are
quiescent. Charters Towers is about
the most active field, and it is not too
bright. Noting all this, one naturally
asks two questions. One Is as to what
has caused this stagnation, and the
other as to whether the position is like
ly to improve again.
The question of lessening the dangers
and facilitating the navigation of the
port of Sydney by means of Increased
lighting arrangements and by the es
tablishment of fog bells on prominent
parts of the harbor has been under the
consideration of the Harbor Trust
Commissioners since the appointment
of the trust. The Commissioners had
formulated an elaborate scheme, which
owing to scarcity of funds could not be
carried out. A part of it has, however,
been inaugurated by the installation of
an acetylene gas plant on Shark Isl
and in lieu of the kerosene light.
The State Secretary for Agriculture,
in a memorandum on the question, says
that as regards the success that at
tended the bonuses offered in Victoria
there could not, he thought, be any
doubt so far as the butter and fruit In
dustries were concerned, but satisfac
tory progress had not been made in the
extension of some of the other indus
tries. The development of new indus
tries was, however, he remarked, usu
ally a slow process under any condi
tions. The bonus given for the estab
lishment of butter factories and cream
eries, and for the export of the surplus
output from % their inception of the mod
ern Bystem of dairying, had greatly
stimulated the development of this In
dustry, and since 1888 Victoria had ex
ported upwards of 12,000,000 pounds of
butter and cheese. .The cost of market
ing the butter had been brought down
greatly. •
INTEREST IN FRUIT GROWING.
The Federal Government has under
consideration for submission to Parlia
ment a bill providing bounties to rural
industries. The plan has already been
In practice in Victoria for some years.
Good rains fell during the early part
of the month over the greater part of
New South Wales and were especially
welcome to agriculturists and pastor
alists alike. «
The annual show of the Royal Agri
cultural Society of New South Wales
was officially opened by his Excellency
the 'Governor General Lord Northcote
on April 1 with appropriate ceremonies
and speeches. The showing of'live
stock was especially good and the at
tendance was in advance of that of
former years. The ' Sydney Morning
Herald says:
As the year extends the effects of the break
up of the drouth are makine themselves ap
parent in an Increase of the public revenue.
Fur March the Increase of £147,000 was greater
than that for any other month, while £1,095,
000, the total amount, exceeded that of every
oflier month except February, the return In
•which usually is swollen by land tax receipts.
In the first quarter of. the calendar year the
revenue was £283,000 In excess of the ag
gregate for the like period of l'J03.
LONDON, May 3. — Quite a little
breeze was raised in the House of
Commons during the discussion of the
budget resolution increasing the duties
on tobacco and cigars by Reginald
McKenna (Liberal), who Insinuated
that the Chancellor of the Exchequer
had been Influenced by Joseph Cham
berlain's tariff commission and a cer
tain tobacco merchant who would
reap a direct benefty from an Increased
duty on stripped tobacco. McKenna
remarked on the extraordinary In
creases in the importation of unstrlp
ped tobacco in March by this repre
sentative of the tobacco trade, who
Is a member of the tariff commission.
Both the Chancellor of the Ex
chequer, Austen Chamberlain, and his
father jumped up and heatedly de
manded that McKenna should formu
late his charges in express terms.
McKenna then disclaimed the slightest
intention of imputing anything dis
honorable to the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, but maintained that it waa
remarkable that a member of Cham
berJain's commission correctly antici
pated what the budget proposals were
going to be.
CROWDED TRAINS COMING.
Fifteen trainloads of Methodists are
due to-morrow, and some of the be
lated sections probably will not get in
until the next day; but the work of
the convention will be started on time,
and such work as can be done disposed
of according to ' programme.
The Bishops' special arrived to-day
from the north. It was met fifty miles
north by a committee bearing flowers
and fruits. Other committees went to
San Bernardino and Colton, where
wagon loads of oranges and flowers
will be freely distributed* among the
passengers of all the specials as they
arrive. The delight of the first ar
rivals at this reception was unbound
ed. After days of travel over deserts
and plains they gave every evidence of
their joy at being thus remembered.
The most important ante-convention
business transacted to-day was at a
meeting of the general committee of
the Methodist Book Concern. The con
ference will be called upon to consider
the proposition of consolidating thl3
concern, but this will be strenuously
opposed • by , the -minority of the com
mittee and a minority report is being
prepared. The question will be fought
out in the General Conference. The
conference will be composed of 748 dele
gates, one-half of that number being
ln.y delegates. Of the lay delegates, for
the first time in the history of the
church, twenty-five will be women, one
of them a colored woman. The con
ference will be in session nearly a
month.
"We divided what food there was to
eat, but all Sunday night we were
without food and the supply of water
was scant. It became necessary to
construct a track around the wreck In
order to let out the trains ahead and
Sunday afternoon trainmen, ranchers,
cattlemen and clergymen toiled at that
work. That was literally a Methodist
track, for scores of clergymen worked
with pick and shovel. They had to
do it, for there In a strange country
stood cars containing 3000 people
without food and the question of get
ting something to eat was serious.
"All Sunday night we tolled, every
able-bodied 'man lending a hand, while
the women, God bless them, stood by
and encouraged us. There was no
complaining, and from time to time
some brother would start a hymn,
and there among the sagebrush and
cactus the song would be taken up
with a will while the toiling ministers
kept a cadence with their picks and
shovels. It was an experience never
to be forgotten, and I doubt if such a
scene was ever duplicated. It was
daylight Monday before the track was
completed and the first of the specials
pulled out for Los Angeles, those who
went first singing such songs as 'God
Be With You Till We Meet Again, 1
and those behind answering with such
songs as 'There Is a Land of Pure De
light.' After that we made good
time."
"Sunday afternoon seven sections
filled with delegates and their families
arrived at the canyon. The cars were
heavily loaded and when the trains
began the ascent of the Williams grade
several engines went dead and under
one of the rear sections the track gave
way, throwing the train into the ditch.
Those aboard the trains, numbering
close to 3000, went to the canyon
hotel. The, manager had expected
about 800 and there was not food
enough for more than that. The result
waa that hundreds went hungry.
HARDSHIP OX JOURXEY.
LOS ANGELES, May 2.— To-morrow
morning at 8:30 o'clock the thirty-first
General Conference of the Methodist
Episcopal church will be called to or
der by Bishop Merrill in Hazard's Pa
vilion, but owing to the delay of many
trainloads of delegates it is almost cer
tain that the first day's proceedings
will have to be abridged. Only one of
the seventeen special trains due here
last night and this morning had arrived
up to 7 o'clock to-night, and throughout
the night train after train arrived at 2
hour intervals and the weary delegates
sought rest from a trip which for many
of them had taken a week or more.
The first arrivals told of the harrow
ing experiences which hundreds of
them had at the Grand Canyon of the
Colorado, where one of the specials
was wrecked and there was almost a
tragedy. Dr. S. W. Thomas, editor of
the Philadelphia Methodist, gave a
description of how Methodist clergy
men turned in with pick and shovel
there and assisted in rebuilding a rail
road track. He said:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Thirty-First General Con
ference of the Church
Is to Begin To-Day
Citizens of Australia Take
a Deep Interest in War
Between Russia and Japan
Speaker, When Called to Ac
count, Says He Did Not Im
pugn Honesty of Purpose
COUNTRY IS PROSPEROUS
MANY TRAINS ARE LATE
FATHER AND SOX AXGEY
Methodist Clergymen From
the East Have a Lively Ex
perience in Grand Canyon
Annual Show of Xcw South
Wales Agricultural So
ciety an Important Event
Liberal Member in House of
Commons Questions xVct of
Chancellor of Exchequer
RKAL. ESTATE TRAXSACTIOXS.
TCE6DAT. MAY Z
Monica. I>nrd to Francis Hullivan, lot ,on S 1
line of Oak street, 137 :ti E of Webster, V. j
27 :« by S 120. eUo lot en N line of Berkshire
eti«et. 25 K of J'cHon. B S3 by N loo, block :
1.1, Mission and Thirtieth Street Extension: !
also lot on W lin* of Berlin street. 125 X of I
IVIton. X 25 hy W 12". lot 7, block 17. Itail
i ¦•!•'¦; Avenue Homestead; also lot on S line pf |
Oarficld street. M K of Bright. K 50 by S j
lU<t. lots 27 and 2*>. bliyrk 0t>. City Land* At>
¦sotiation: aJso lot on E line of Tw<nty-fl:th
avenue. 18»:6 S of B street. S 210 by E 100;
Brant, j
ITnion Investment Company 'corporation) to
1) B. Burr lot <>n K line <.' Fillmore street,
£« N of Hermann. N 2* by B h\:3; ?e20».
J W. Wriirht to samp, same, quitclaim I
dtfd; *i. » . ¦":¦
Abraham Colman to Lizzie Afli»r. lot on S
Itn* of Eddy strr»t. J1SJ:« E of Buchanan, E
\iX> by S 137:6: $10.
Isaac and Emilr Kliascr to John Murphy,
lot on S line of Oak *tr«x>i. 1CJ:1OU E of
Ljoti. E Vt by tf 137:6: *U».
Hush and Th«>r»-Fa Keenan to Thomas Me- ;
Certhy. lot on W lino of <"Iayton street. 25 S
uf Ila'tKlit. B 2.'. by W WJ.KH,: S10.
<"lty and «*ounty of Pan Francisco to Pacific
Jrrnrnvc ment t'ompany, lot on HW lln<? ot
Twelfth ptreft l.Vi NW of \Vf?t Mlscion. X\V
ifl0:4?i. 6W 150:11. t^E lW:4*i. KB 100:11;
m _
f-imr to same, lot on PK corner of Market
? treeu IK5 SW of I!rady. SW JK!:« by SB 12+;
£>ame to *»me. lot on NW line of West Mis
sion etreet. 51:1*4 FB' of Bradr, SW H6.G'i.
:;\V <3:SV. KB " *>S:f>%. NW 18:5%, NE
47-.10U. W M-: * •
James McClofkry or Mc<Tuikey to Catherine
VcCloskey. lot on X I'.ne of Seventeenth street.
•£Z2 E «'f Dou^'.ar5. K 7-1 by N 2«O, and prcp
crty out of county; jrift.
l'»ancHa and F. L. Turpin to Westrrn In
vfftment Company. I». S.. Ekira I. and F. A.
I»oro, urdlvirt»*d on*~-third of lot on XE cornrr
..f 1>ouk1»si< and Twenty-third streets X 165.
B l.%4:3. S 50, E 34:«»-. H 25. E 4a';10',i, 8
:i«. W 218:*!; also undivided on»--ha!f of lot
¦m XE cornrr of Twenty-flfth and Douglass
HH-crtt. Ij w* by X 114: $10.
Bridget Moran to Victor and Teresa Hous
»cau. lot on E line of leaven worth street. 35:6
ti ct «^a>'. S 25 by E 100; $10.
G^ortr*' D. and A«ia L. Larson to gamuel Cro
v.\r-r. let on SE line of Bryant street, 175 SW
c-f First. HW 25 by HE 80; $10.
r^. A. Bridpford to I>oon«* BHdrford. undl-
Vid»Hj one-lialf of loi on XW line of Folsom
«tr«~t. S25 KB of Sixth. NE K0 by NW 85: J10.
fn^^tr Ueyman to Joseph and Jacob Welss
»^In. lot on y line of A street. 57 :« E of Xine
(«*nth »venup. E H«. S 100 W 37:6, K '£,, W
120. X 25. E r.7:C. X 100; also lot on W line
of Tliirteenth nvenur. WA S of J stt^et. S 11,
SW {«»:.'.. SE 171:10. SW 48:S«j K 1»4, E 320;
Sift.
Josepb. Harriet B.. Jacob and Bertha G.
Wr.lrslvHn to Hfrmina Finr.er. lot on t» line
<>f A strwt. 57:6 E of Xlneteenth avenue E 25
by 5 100; also lot on E line of Nineteenth
jivenue. H»0 S of A street, S 25 by E 120: $10.
timrr* and Kat" nvan to Gustat'e and M«:v
taret K<«. lot ' on E lin» of Butler and SE
IVraltn XE 23:1%, S 70:0$. W 25, X 61:1%.
luts 1 to 3, Mock :{. Franconia; $10.
?. r»uc»s Company 4a «-ornoratlon) to John
»nd Plrrld Xrlson. lot on W line of Moultrie
? it«H. 50 X of Oe^ccnt, X 25 by W 70. lot
1<W. clft map 2: $l(t.
lK-minlck. Jennl«- and Jo«pph Cuneo to An-,
•..nlo Panto. l<n on XW line of Tiffany street.
•.'77:K XE of Twenty-ninth XE 27:» by XW
s«: $10.
F. 1ni' as Company *a corporation) to Amerl
• us V. rotter, lot on W line of Glra.nl etreet
175 X of Woolser. X 25 by W 120. lot 10, block
10. Uclvenritr Mound: $io.
Same to Ceorffe C. Wright, lot on NW corner
MINISTERS HELP
BUILD A TRACK
CROWDS ATTEND
THE EXHIBITION
DOUBTS MOTIVE
0F CHAMBERLA1N
The murder charge against William
B. Kennedy, alias Richard Jackson,
alias "Yellow," in connection with the
slaying: of Policeman Eugene C. Rob
inson at Sixteenth and Valencia streets
on the morning of January 21, 1902.
after many vicissitudes will be dis
missed by Judge Cook this fnorning.
George R. Aikyo. the Japanese,' whose
evidence was supposed to corroborate
that of William Henderson, one of the
other thugs charged with killing Rob
inson, was taken before the Judge yes
terday morning and after telling what
happened to him when Kennedy at
tempted to hold him up ji few min
utes prior to Robinson's murder the
Judge decided there was nothing to
show that Kennedy was implicated in
the murder.
The reason for taking Alkyo before
the Judge prior to May 9. the date set
for the trial, was because Aikyo is a
commissioner from Japan to the St.
Louis Exposition and he is being kept
here at considerable expense and may
lose his concession at the exposition.
Chief Wittman will furnish him with
a letter to the Chief 'of Police at St.
Louis explaining the cause of his tar
diness and asking that the exposition
commissioners be notified of the facta.
Aikyo has given his testimony at the
preliminary hearing before Police
Judge Cabaniss on the charge of as
sault to rob against Kennedy. This
can be read at the trial if Kennedy is
held.
Judge Cook Hears Evidence of Gcorso
K. Atfcyo anil Decides There Is
No Corroboration.
Same owner with R. Zelinsky (contractor),
architect fame — Painting, varnishing and tin
ning for same on same; SIC92.
Same owner with I»uis Cereghino (contract
or), architect same — Carpenter, mill, roofing,
tlnnlnu glazing for same on same; $18,695.
Same owner with J. I^ooney (contractor), ar
chitect same— Plumbing;, sewering, gas flttinj
for same on same; $2SoI.
Same owner with darles Dunlop (contract
or), architect 6ame— Lathing and plastering
for same en. same: $1SW>.
Mrs. Adele M. Chaix (owner) with L. B.
Perramont (contractor), architect Oliver Ev
erett — All work for a two-story frame bulldin*
(flats) on lot en N line of Bush street. 177:9 B
of W^hstfr. K 2S:« by X 137:6: *8!>92.
Pauline Franklin (owner) with California
Concrete Company (contractors), architect Syl
valn Schnaittacher— Excavation, concrete and
artificial stone work for two two-story and attic
frame buildings (eight flats) on SE corner of
Central avenue and Jackson 6treet, S 97 by E
l<v>:1f>; $4ftO7.
Kischer-Rebmann Theater Company (own
er?! with II. F. Grlcb (contractors), .
airhiteet— Carpentry, iron work, plastering,
mill work, stairs, metal railings, etc.. for al
terations to Fischer's Opera-house on lot on J>
line of O' Fan-ell street. 62:6 E of Powell, N
137:6 by K 55: $3225.
Lre O. Rodgers towner) with J. Kemp (con
tractor*, architect T. 3. Welsh— All work for
a two-story frame building (store and flat) on
lot on K line of Masonic avenue. 25 8 of
Haiglit siren. E S7:(J by 8 25, Western Addi
tion us": ?ar>7o.
Vanucchi Bro*. (owners) with J. B. Pene
(contractor), architects Rousseau & Son — AH
work for alterations and additions to a, one
story frame building, making same a two
story frame i store and fiat), on lot on SW
corner of Buchanan and Pine streets, W 20 by
45 J»H:«. Western Addition 273; $3995.
Henry Cornshrens (owner) with Cain &
Clement (contractors), architect C. A. Meuss
dorffer — AH work except mantels, (ras fixtures
and shades for alterations and additions to a
two-Ftory and basement frame building on lot
on SIv corner nt Turk and Webster streets, B
61 :» by X «M>: $15»3O.
Builders' Contracts.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Joseph Morenler,
lot on SE line of Edinburgh street, 160 SW of
China avenue, SW 25 by SE 100. block 4?.
fame; $10.
of Wayland and Uirard streets. W 55 by N
10P. lotb I and •«*. block 11. same; 110.
Abraham and Charles RoBenstein to Leopold
Weinstein. lot on E line of Clrard street. 08 X
of Burrow*. N So by E 120. block 3, University
Mound: $10.
Hush Le<»ciy to Josephine Cresse (wife of
Frank H.) lot on X line of Orescent ave... 150
R of Misblon street. K 50 by N 100, lots 11 and
12 block G. French and Gilman tracts; $5.
Estate of Mary Kane or Keane (by Hugh
Leddy, administrator), to same, same; $1500.
S. Ducas Company »a corporation) to Lena
Spenpier. lots K>4S. 1050. 1002 and 1054, gift
map 2; flO.
William and Asnes G. Mann to Frederick and
Mathilda U'eisn lot on X line of Fairmount
ftreet. 232 15 of Chenery. B 30 by X 123, lot
5, block IS. Falrmount; $10.
Kstate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma L. Mer
r!tt. executrix) to XV. A. Dougherty, lot on SE
line of Clarendon btreet and W* of Ashbury,
S 17S. STV »5 SYV 68. X 10S:l. NE 184; $2000.
TV. A. Dougherty to Philip Collischonn, same;
Vincent Nea!e to Mary L. Swain, lot on X
corner of Mo**ow and Amazon streets. XE
47:11. HW 70. SW 57. SE 76. block 77, Excel-
Bior Homestead, quitclaim deed; $1. '
Jameo C. Weir to same, came, quitclaim
deed: $5.
Mary L. Swain to Louis Terosso. same; $10.
KENNED1* 31UKDER CASE
WILL. BK 1HS3USSED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 4, 1904.
14
THE CALL AT ST. LOUIS
Visitors to the S>i. Louis
Exposition will find this paper
on sale nt the fnllowlns places:
World's Fair Xe\vs Company.
Planters' Hotel News Stand.
Umlcll Hotel News Stand.
St. James Hotel News Stantl.
St. Nicholas Hotel News
Stand.
E. T. Jctt, Eighth and Olive
streets.
Foster Book and Xcws Com-
pany.
George A. Hussey, northwest
corner Sixth and Pine street*.
J. J. Purccll. Special News
Agent.
Joseph Copeland, Special
News Accnt.
Philip Koder, Special N'eu<*
Agent.
Southern Hotel News Stand.
" The Call may also be obtained
from train News Ascents on
trains 1»* and oat of St. Louis.
DEATH NOTICES.
Conllnucd From Page Thirteen.
beloved husband of Margaret Bcnney. a na-
tive of Yorkshire. Enpland. aged «> year*.
DAVIS-In thit city. May 3. 1904. Claries l>a-
. vU a ru»U\e of New York, aged tfl J ear^
DINSMORE— In Oakland. CM- May 3 Y^r.
Hamufl Dinsmnrr. beloved father of M r«.
Ann. A. \V..od»ard »»<J Mf*£ Z*Za Ttf
Clark.- > naiive of Auburn. >• »•• "?' ,
year* 7 months and 'M days. < Boston papers
•• CT Friend!, and acquaintance* are respeci
fully Invited to attend the fun.ral JO" 11 }'^™'*.
" .Thurcd.o). at -' oclock. from tt»^
residence. IMXi Adrilno street. Interment
•private. P!ease omit flowers.
DOLUVHR-In this city. *Uy 3 < < * a , I 1 £
Irvir.*. de»rl> beloved «on ?*:.£££* **i
Martha Dolllver. a native of California, aged
8 months and 12 day«.
CT Funeral private.
DIRAN-In thl* cuy. M«V =• *"*• A"™*
•Duran. ETan.i:nother of Mrs. J. B. Hejmes.
a native of Mexico, aped «i3 years.
ros_ln Alma. May •". 1804. If|d'^ F°*. *"-
loved husband of Mr.. Josephine Fc*. and
hrtilhT of H<-> mond Fos. a native of France.
* Bffd S4 years snd SO days.
PT Notice of funeral hen after.
HAITEY-In this cttjr. May 2. UOi. Ann.
denrlv beloved mother of Mrs. W. !.*nsrl<JR<\
• and Mrs. W. Ionian, a native of Ireland,
a(;fit "> ><"«r*.
irr Friends and aequaintancea are resp*>ci-
. fully inMt<~i to attend the requiem high
ir.a«* Friday, «* »:•» o'clock, at St. Krtg-
•H* CJmrcto. Funeral private. Please omit
fibers'.
McRREARTT-In 'M* City. May 7. 19«4. *t
SIM Ulizahetli street Mary, beloved wtfe of
t!i«- lste Pat-uk McBrearty. tiister of Han-
«.ra mid Albert Crontll. and cousin of Mrs.
I! J. Hunt, a native of Lakefleld. t. larney,
•County Keny. Ireland, aped «5 year?.
MILLER— In Btocfcton. < al.. Mny X*'»M.
KUdl. beloved wife of the late Michael
Mtller. ai.d T5 vesrs.
C7Remairs at the parlors of H. t. »unr
A «'c. 1137 Mies ion street, between Seventh
and Kishth.
OUEXS—U Schmidt Village, Contra Costa
Ouiitity Cal.. Alfred B.. beloved son of Mrs.
g. G. "Olsen. a native of San Francisco, aged
V ve«^ and 0 months. tChico papers please
- *«*or*y.l*
. c> Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the Juneral to-day
.UwJneMisyi, tt H':3tt o'clock, from the resi-
denut of the mother. Fink Lane. Interment
Mountain View <"«inetery.
SWUHLET-In thii- city. May 2. 19C4, James
Uraiden lleighley. beloved liui-band of Mary
It. Reiehlt-y father of James B.. Lysster G-.
. .llosalie M., Walter and Lloyd E. Keighley,
ar."» brother of Mis. i:iiese Detrick of San
Fr»rj'?i?co and Caroline, Lysier C, Henry
*«nd Fred Reich!ey of New York City, a
rtativo or Micliigsn. afted £8 years 6 month*
and* 33 dsys. A number of Mea-Je Post. G.
• A. R. <N*w York papers |li-ase copy.l
• CT'Krterds end acquaints nc-ef are retpect-
r fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
i Wednesday t. at 2 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of th<» Golden Gate Undertaking
Cotnpany. 2475 Mission street, rear Twenty-
• first; L'rterment National Cemetery. Pre-
EidlO.
RKITU— Ijj this city. May 3. 19<M. Annie.
yourgCFt and <5«=arly beloved daughter of
t n.f st *ni Mary HelTh. and sister of Mr*.
Uszte Banna and Krnest Jr. and Georj?«
.Jlplth a naiiv> of San 'Francisco, aced IS
j«'ars 2 months snd 12 days.
k7"Fri«-nds, and acquaintances are re^pect-
:u!ly.invitfd tc. attend the funeral to-morrow
.MTIiuiedayt. at o'clock, from the reel-
tiew»? of" her parents. GCyu Minna street,
• near- Sevtnth. thence to St. Boniface's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated tor the repose of her soul, cora-
mmdnc at U o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BEOERSTROM— In this city. May 3. 1004.
. Caroline Sepen-trom. beloved mother of the
late Olga Hilda and olaf Si-gerstrom. a n»-
ttve at Sweden, aged 43 years.
- "XT' Friends and acquaintances are respect -
fullv Invited to attend the funeral to-aay
( Wednesday) at 10 o'clock, from the parlora
- or Crai«. Ccchran & Co.. 425* Golden Gate
• vorffce. between Polk and Larkin streets.
Interment Cyprvas Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
• train from Third and Townsend streets.
BMITH— In tJ-is • ity. May 1, liKH, Bessie, be-
loved mrttm at Fredrick Smith, and mother
o' Mr». W. J. McGretvy. Mrs. Frank Bryan
an>* Lillle McAllister and Fred Smith, a na-
tiv'e <jf New York, aged 5*J years 10 munihz
and - days.
C7"Kri'*nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invit<d to attend the funeral to-day
<\Yt<ir.eTMiay», at 10 o'clock, from her late
4-e.sid^nce ther.oe to St. James Church, where
cervices "will be held at 10:30 o'clock. In-
frmer.t Holy Croat Cemetery.
EMIT1I— In this city. May 2. 1304. Ottle J.
Jfmitli a native of Tennessee, aged 'JH y^ars.
CL7TFU main* f.t the funeral parlors of
James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy street.
THORNTON— In this city. May 3. l'JW, Sarah
France*, daughter of Harry Inneg Thornton
Sr., and widow of thp late James Dabney
Thornton, a native of Huntsville, Alabama,
*jrfd 78 years and 9 months.
C^TXotice of funeral hereafter.
TYLKR— In this city. May 2. 1U04. David Ty-
ler a native of Maine, aged C3 years a
• months and 26 day*.
St. Dominic'n Church Building Associa-
tion— The monthly requiem hist, mass for
the. deceased members of St. I>ominic'«
Church Building Association and for parents
and relatives, of living members will be sung
In St. LKwnlnic's Church Wednesday at
1> ». pi.
HENRY J. CALLACHErf CO.
M(Succet&ors to Ktecnacan & GaUagber.j
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M*r.
ITNKKAL DIKECTOKS AND I.MUALMEISS.
2U FlftL et.. opposite Ltncula School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
~- Funeral Director* and Knibaimen
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
HOW «t KO6 MISSION. Tel. South 1«7.
Between Kouith arid Fifth, near Fifth «t.
Finest Equipment* at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Iianscn. I
JAMKS MrGINN & CO.. -* . |
Fcimeiiy With McGinn liros.. I
¦ Funeral Directors and E:nbalmers I
214 Eddy St.; Tel. South 678. |Neiv York Stock Market.
vvw YORK. May S.— The early stock mar
ket to-day rhow«l »>nie disposition to continue
the downward movement which was in force
vMifnlav The operators for a decline seemed
to center their selling on United States Steel
BrfrrSir»*a« the. supporters or the market
rallied^ their effort! upon -Union Pacific. The
BOSTON, May 3. — Concessions by dealers in
order,- to clean up the old wool crop have . been
the feature of the wool market the past week.
Many dealers are , expecting, considerable
shrinkage in new wools trade because of I th*
prices generally paid. - The trade seems unani
mous »ln the opinion that 'the prices ' are • en-
Boston Wool Market.
'•¦'.- ¦.«>¦¦¦' ¦.•'./¦¦
Miscellaneous Markets;
The situation remains unchanged all around.
Pink Beans continue In demand for the East,
with firm prices r quoted. The other sorts are
steady enough but quiet, though shipments of
assorted cars every day or, so redeem the mar
ket from stagnation. Brown Mustard Seed
continues firm at the, recent. advance, and Ca
nary Seed is also very steady.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 35@2 50; Pea. $3(§3 25;
Butters. $3 50@3 75; small White, $2 90@>3 10;
large White. $2 40(^2 65; Pink. $3 35iS3 50;
Red. $4 50: Lima, $3 25@3 30: • Red Kidneys.
$4 BOigo: Blackeye. $1 00@2 10 per ctl; "Horse
Beans. $2@2 50. ;,-- . ¦,¦.¦,.%-:;,
SEEDS— Brown Mustard.. $4tfT4 25: Yellow
Mustard,' ; $.3@3 25;' Flax. ' $1 80igi 90; Canary,
Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing especially new In Hops,
which are quiet. The crop prospects thus far
are favorable and are reported very bright
tn Oregon: Late mall advices from New York
say: "A better, tone was reported '. locally.
There was some . trading * between dealers, . a
sale being .reported of 100 bales Oregons and
at a ¦ price ¦ showing a fractional advance over
recent prices. It also was stated that 20»
bales prime Oregona were sold for export at
either 28c or 28 %c f. o. b. steamer New York.
Coast advices reported steadier, markets and
quoted 2«®26%c for prime to choice grades.
Weather . conditions continued to be reported
generally favorable for the crop."
Hides are steady and in fair demand.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about % iff lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 0%c; m*dlum. 8%c; light, 8c; Cow
Hides, -8c for heavy and 8c for light; Etas*.
Wool is coming In well and moving off well
at steady prices and sellers are apparently
satisfied with the condition of the . market.
Prices remain unchanged.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
NEW YORK, May 3 — Close: Money on
call, very easy. %ffl% per cent; closing bid.
1%: offered at 1% per cent.
Time loans, steady: eixty days. 2U«?2% per
cent; ninety days. 2% per cent; elx months,
Z% per cent. .
Prime mercantile paper, 3%®4% per cent.
Sterling exchange, steady, with actual busi
ness tn bankere' bills at $4.8685 for demand
and at $4.8485©4.84SK> for sixty days.
• Posted rates. «4 8«®4 S8.
Commercial bills. $4 84©4 S4H-
Bar sliver. 54c.
Mexican dollars. 43c.
Government bonds, weak; railroad bonds, ir-
money loaned to-day at the lowest rate
in years, something like $500,000 lending at
palf of 1 per cent.
New York Money Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 14,000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good- to choice wethers. $4 75SJ5 60;
fair to choice mixed, $3 75@4 75;. Western
sheep, $3 50©5 50; native lambs, . wooled,
$4 5006 50: Western lambs, wooled, $5 500
T 10; Western lambs, clipped. $5 16^0 10.
CHICAGO, May 3.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500; steady; good to' prime steers, $5(93 70;
poor to medium, $3 9<>#4 90; stockers and feed
ers, $3@4 tiO: cows, $1.75)04 75; heifers. $2 25
ft* 80; canners, «1 75@2 60; bulls, '$2 65@ t 4;
calves, ?2 5005 25; Texas fed steers, $404 05.
HOGS-^Reeelpts to-day. 14.000; to-morrow,
30,000; strong to 5c higher; mixed and butch
ers. $4 6T>@4 85; good to choice heavy, $4 75®
4 70: bulk of sales, ?4 65®4 75.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. May. 3.— On the Produce Exchinge
to-day the butter market was steady. Cream
eries. Kt#23c; dairies, 13%«T21c. Eggs, weaker
at mark, cases Included. lff%{M6Uc. cheese,
easy, 8%®10%c, . .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There Is nothing new ln any of the markets,
trade being quiet and supplies ample for all
needs both here and at Western centers.
. CURED MEATS — Bacon, 10c per lb for
heavy. 10%e for light medium. 12%c for light.
14c for extra light and 14%@15c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Ham*. 12%c: Cali
fornia Hams. ll%@12c; Mess Beef, $10 50®
11 per bbl; extra Mess. $11 50-^12; Family.
$12 50g?13; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra, clear,
$24: Mess, $18: Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig
Pork $27; Pigs' Feet, $5;. Smoked Beef, 14c
per lb
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
8%c; 10-lb tins, uUc; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins.
9%c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 8%c; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8%c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
There is a fair business under this head at
unchanged quotations.
s FLOUR— California Family Extras. $180®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 8504 25
per bbl. •¦......
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Fl<jur, $3 60 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal; $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Homlny.« $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 00@4 75: Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 73;
Rolled Oats, bbls. $7 L'.'fiS <J0; ln sacks. $ii T.Va
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas. $5 5|> per 100 lba.
. Hay and Feedstuff s.
The firmness ln Bran and other Feedstufls
coutlnues. and offerings are still very small.
Hay is easy, but no lower, and . the market is
ln rather better shape than It was a 'fortnight
ago, as receipts are less excessive.
BRAN— $21<#22 per ton. ;
MIDDLINGS— $27 50#20 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $21®22 per ton. i
FEEDSTUFFS^ — Rolled'Barley. $23 50©24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50031;
Jobbing $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22®23 : Corn
Meal.'- $30 50@31 50; Cracked, Corn., $31#32:
Mixed Feed. $21(g22; Horse Beans,- $:J(Mj)
4ft' per ton; Broom e6rn"Feed, 90c per ctl. »¦
HAY — Wheat, $13<fM5: Wheat and Oat,
$12 50@15: Oat. $11 5C@14 50; Barley $11@13;
Stock $10@ll: Alfalfa. $10@12 per ton.
STRAW— 50@70c per bale.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Articles — . -• ; r.^ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,400 16,200
Wheat, bushels -24,200 82,500
Corn bushels 225,500 127,400
Oats, bushels 166,800 183,500
Rye. bushels 4,000 900
Barley, buxhels 4.300 10,000
CHICAGO, May 3. — Cash quotations were as
follows,: Flour, quiet and steady; Mo. 2 spring
wheat. 88®02c; No. 3. K7®f)2c; No/2 red. $1 00
@t 02; No. 2 corn. 47%c; No. 2 yellow, 51c;
No. 2 oats. 4OVi<S 1 4O%c; No. 2 white. 44c; No. 3
white. 41i?43e; No. 2 rye. 70c; good feeding
barley, 32{T36%c; fair to choice malting, 45<9
55c: No. 1 fiaxseed, $1 01 ; No. 1 Northwestern,
$108'%; prime timothy need. $2 02%; mess
pork, per barrel, $11 50011 62%; lard, per 100
pounds. $6 47%«J« 50; short ribs sides (loose),
$606 12%:' short clear sides (boxed). $0 50@
6 75; whisky, basis of high wlnes/$l 28; clover,
contract grade, $10 75.
Cash Grain and Provisions.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— Cool weather
continued during the week and rain fell in
all section*. The shower* were very beneficial
to grain, hay and all vegetation. The grain
crop will be fair in eome places, though gen
erally light throughout the section. Hay pros
pects are improving and in some places the
yield will probably b* \-ery good. The »e»»-
Eonal rainfall at Upland, Ban Bernardino
County, is 13.12 Inches, or only 1.22 inches be
low the average. The rainfall ln the moun
tain districts has been quite heavy and Irriga
tion water will be ln fair supply. Walnuts are
backward. Apricots are improving, but the
y1*ld will be light. Other deciduous fruits and
grapes ore doing well. Strawberries are plen
tiful and of superior quality.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY. — Good rains
first of the week benefited field crops much
except in southern sections, where too light.
Pamajce to apple and cherry crops by last
week's frost reported light in San Bernardino
mountain valleys.
EUREKA SUMMARY. — Grain hay is mak
ing good growth. Owing to much rain prac
tically no crop* were planted ln some sections.
Fanrtm will «ow barley instead of p£as. Fruit
trees are in full bloom and look promising.
Internal Revenue Collections.
The collections of Internal revenue in ths
fc'an Franeipco district during the month of
April were as follows:
T 1 . C d CIA "1
Lists ............? 4.BJ4 <l
Beer stamps 74,440 00
Fruit spirits 42.S94 16
Grain spirits 118,310 77
Exports 90 40
Opars and cigarettes 25.017 06
Tobacco 2,244 fi«
f nun* 20 10
Special tax stamps 3.457 &3
Playing cards 14 60
Documentary stamps 252 50
Total $271,683 19
In April. l'.)C3, the collections were $203,744.
The total collections from January 1 to April
30 were $3SC.O5i. against $802,821 during the
same period in lJKCt.
Weather Report.
020th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 3—5 p. m.
The followinr are the seasonal rainfalls to
date- as compared with those of the same date
last «eafon, and the rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 63.27 50.46
Red Bluff 0.00 31 .«6 23.15
Sacramento ,0.00 10.79 16.02
Pan Francisco... o.rM) 20.59 IS. 28
Frerao 0.00 7.»9 8.50
Independence ... 0.00 2.57 2.54
fi. L. Obispo o.OO 16. »» 18.49
Lo* Angeles 0.00 8.69 19.20
San Diego O.OO 4.28 11.62
THE COAST RECORD.
' ~~o 2 g o i
3 35-33 jsa s; «•
STATIONS. I |||i|l p I
Baker 29.84 66 34 NE Cloudy .00
Carson 29. HO 68 32 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Eureka 30.14 5« 46 N Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.84 78 40 N Clear .00
S. E.Farallon.2».02 54 52 NW Clear .00
Klafit-taff 2S».7O 48 32 W Cloudy .90
Pocatello 29.72 CO 44 W Cloudy .01
Independence .2».<!J8 76 B0 N Clear - .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 88 70 44 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.29.!>0 (V) 45 W Clear 00
North Head..3rt.I0 50 44 NW Cloudy .04
Phoenix 23.70 80 56 HW Clear .00
Point Reyes... 29. 82 64' 47 NW Clear .00
Portland >... 30.02 60 42 SW Cloudy T
Red Bluff 29. F2 82 52 N Clear .00
Roseburg 30. OS «8 4O NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.82 76 52 S Clear .00
Halt Lake 46 -...
San Francisco. 29.02 <W 48 W Clear .00
K L. Obispo.. 2». 92 62 44 W Clear .00
Fan Diego 29.88 62 £0 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.02 M 4rt S Rain .01
Fpokane 29.86 68 38 8W Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 30.00 50 44 W Pt.Cldy .20
Walla Walla. 20. RS 70 44 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Wlnnemucca .29.82 Cfl 28 NW Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.70 86 50 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The depression continues over Colorado, New
Mexico, Arizona and Utah. Fair weather con
tinues in California, with fresh north winds.
At Point Reyes Light a wind velocity of 70
miles from the northwest is reported, and at
the 8. E. Farallon 44 miles northwest.
Rain has fallen from Lander to Flagstaff.
The temperature has risen from 8 degrees
to 12 decree* over Eastern California. Nevada
and Northern Arizona.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. May 4:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm; light north winds.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm; light north winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday: continued warm.
gan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednes
day; fresh westerly winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS.--
The movement in Raisins is better since the
differences in the trade have been settled
and the new prices fixed, but the market Is not
lively, and brokers say that some carry-over
Is expected. A carry-over in Prunes is also
anticipated. The latter continue dull and
cheap. Peaches are the leaders in interest at
the moment, and will clean up. They rule'
very firm. Nuts are steady and pretty well
cleaned up. In fact, as frequently reported,
there is not much stock of anything left ex
cept Prunes and Raisins. There is nothing
new In Honey, the market being quiet.
FRUITS— Apricots, «%<310%c for Royals and
9{H2c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4V\@
6c; sun-dried, 3@4%c; Peaches. 5%©7%c;
Pears, 8i9U%c; Figs, white, 2%®3c In boxes;
black 4Uc; Plums, pitted. 5@7%c per lb.
PRUNES — 1«03 crop, 2#2Vic for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — F.. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 4-crown,
4c per lb: 3-crown, 4>4c: 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose, 3-crown, 4o; 2-crown, 3%c; Thompson's
seedless, 4c; seedless Sultanas, 3%c; Seedless
Muscatels. :i l «c; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins, ' 16-oz cartons, fancy, 5%c; choice. 6 Vic;
12-cz cartons, fancy, 4%c; choice, 4%c; In
bulk, fancy, 5%c; choice, 5c; Imperial clus
ters, $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $2; London
Layers 3-crown, $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 sortshell, 13%«S14c;
No. 2. HVi<312c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13%c;
No 2 ll$»ll%c; Almonds, ll%c for Nonpa
reils, ll%c fr.r I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9%c for Languedoc; Peanuts, ti®7c for
Eastern: Pecans, ll'SISc: Cocoanuts, $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb, 10011 %c for white and 8%
@»%c for amber; water white extracted. 5@
6'/»c: light amber extracted. 4%©4%c; dark.
3%@4c.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
6c: Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salte4
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c: dry
Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25<33Oc each:
short Wool, 4<!'fr£Sc each; medium. 7u<jr9Oc; long
Wool, iliil B85 Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
Urge and ?2fi'j 50 for medium, $1 *i5@l 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 -5
for small and 50c for Colts Buck Skina— -Dry
Mexican. 31c; dry Salted Mexican. 22c; dry
'. Central American. 31c. Coat Skins — Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth. 5Oc; medium,
33c: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4>ifNVio yer 1b;
No. 2. 3%®4c; grease. 2% ©"c.
WOOL— Spring clip — San Joaquln and South
ern, 12 months', ixj/llc; do 7 months'. 8#M0c
per lb; Middle Counties. $12#16c for free and
ll$14o for defective; Northern. 15<gl7c for fres
and 13@15c for defective; Nevada. 12©l5c. ac
cording to condition.
HOPS— 243 27 per lb for California, 1903.
and 17%<{20c for crop, of 1804.
Mutton continues to shade off. with a weak
market. Receipts of grass fed sheep are Urge,
as the farmers are sending Urge droves in to
be sold on commission. Beef La easy, but no
lower. Veal is in it3 usual good supply, and
there is no lack of Hoes, as already mentioned.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from sUughterers to dealer*
arc as follows: •
BEEF — 7@Sc for Steers and 6@ 7c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 8©»c; small. 8%SOi»c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8«J8%c; Ewes. 7%6.Sc
per lb. :r ¦"' , ;•¦
LAMB— lOQlOijC P«r lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. t'.%#9c per Ik.
L1VE3TOCK MARKET. ',£".*>*<
The following quotations arc for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 5l»
per cert shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8«0c; Cows and Heifers,
TfiSc; thin Cows, 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — t@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. «%64c; Ewes. 3ViS3%e
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— »2 5C& 2 75 per head
HOGS — Live Hogs. 14O to 200 lbs. 5» 4 c;
over 20O lbs. 5H4£5%c: soft Hogs. 4%@5y 4 c:
Sows. 2O per cent off; Boars, 5O per cent off.
and Stags, 40 percent oft from above qtiota-
General Merchandise.
BAGS — At auction yesterday 1185 bales of
Calcutta*, being part of the assets of Ep
pinger A Co. were sold at 5m?3%c. Grain
Bags. 5%c spot and 5%c June-July; San Quen
1 tin $5 40; Wool Bags 32©35c; Fleec* Twine,
7@8c.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following price
list: "
~~ » 1 a as 00
* !* * 1
g. s p 0. 3
fruits. a I J ?
J- "I
3 [?¦ : :
Apples i*l 65!$1 30 $1 2OJ$1 10
Apricots 1 401 1 3Oj
Blackberries 1 6O1 1 40 1 30| 1 20
Cherries R. A 2 15 1 90 1 70| 1 10
Cherries, white 175 1 60| 1 35
Cherries, black 2M 175 1C011S5
Grapes •. .. 135 120 1 lt> 1 CO
Yellow Free Peaches 150 130) ...'.
! Lemon Cling Peaches... 2 0O| 1 40j t 3O
• Pears : . . 2 00| 1 75
Plums 1 35 1 1 15 105! «5
: Raspberries 2 50) 2 23 2 10i 1 JM>
i Strawberries 2 «0| 1 75 1 60| 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLE^— Tomatoes. 2%-lb
standard 85c; Green Peas — Petits pols. $1 33
61 50; standards.' 85c; standard, sifted. $1;
extra sifted. *l 15; marrowfats. 82%c.
COAL— Wellington, is per ton; New Wel
lington. $3: Seattle. *tt 50: Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill $6; Standard. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
: $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 23 In
i sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
1 Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50- Cannei. $3 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50<31.t
1 per ton ln bulk and *15 ln sacks; Rocky Moun
! tain descriptions. $11 45 per 200O lbs and $12 80
¦ per long ton, according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4%c;
, cases regular. 5%c; cases, extra large. «34c;
Eastern style. 6^c; boneless. 6Hc; "Norway,"
6Uc. "Narrow Gauge." 6%c; "Silver King. '
7%c: blocks. •?Oriental." ««4c; blocks. "Sea
bright." 6%c; tablet*. 7c; middles. 7@!H.»c;
fancy boneless. 8V»«>*%c: pickled Cod, bbls, $»:
pickled Cod half bbls. $4 75; Pirate Cove CoJ
Livtr OH. per dozen pints, $tf; per gallon. $3 25.
leas 10 per cent. • .
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
follows 60 days or % per cent discount for
cash no sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila. 14%c;
Sisal 10%C; Duplex. 8*ic; Bale Rope, ll'»^>
ll*;c per lb.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14(315%c for strtctly
prime to fancy washed; 12%?j;l3%c for prime>
washed: ll%@12Uc for good washed: ll}i®l"Jo
for good to prime washed peaberry: l(>yile for
good to prime peaberry; ll'§12%c for good to
prime; 9©10%c for fair; 7%<gS%c for common
to ordinary.
Salvador — 14©14%c for fancy washed: 12%^
13%c for strictly prime washed; 10@l2c for
good to prime washed; 9iR9%c for fair washfcJ;
10% if 13c for fair to prime washed peaberry:
9%©10c for good to prime semi-washed; 9?>
9%c for superior unwashed; 8%c for good
green unwashed: 0%f*10c for good to superior
unwashed peaberry; 7@8c for inferior to or
dinary.
Nicaragua — Nominal: 12Vi«n3%c for prime to
fancy washed: »ij«llc for -fair to strictly scooil
washed; 8*i@S%c for good to superior unwash
ed; 9%(glO%c for good to prime unwashed pea
berry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 14®15c for fancy
washed: 12^4©13%c for primv? to strictly prinie
washed: HVi©ll%c for strictly good washed:
10%<»llc fcr good washed; OU&lOUc for fair
washed; S@9c for medium; 7«l8%c for inferior
to ordinary; 10%<gl2%c for fair to prime wash
ed peaberry: 9%<jS10c for good to prime, un
washed peaberry; 8^OO'ic for good to su
perior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 30<832c: extra
heavy. 32©34c per lb: inedlum. 27@29c: li«h«.
24@26c; Rough Leather. 23®27c; Hamw*
Leather, heavy. 35<g39c for No. 1 and 2S?«r:3c
for No. 2: medium. 30tg.17c; light. 29'6:53c:
Skirting. No 1. 40@42c; No. 2. 36(§38c; Col
lar Leather 15@16c per foot; Trace Leather. 40
©44c- Kip unfinished 40@30c per lb; Veal,
finished 50©S0c per lb: Calf, finished. 65c«$l
per lb- Wax Sides. 16i??17c per foot; Belt Knifo
Splits 14«16c-. Rough Splits. 8®10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $20@2S per ton; stick.
$15@18 per cord.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c: Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor OH. tn cases, No. 1, 70c:
Bakers' AA, $1 10-31 12: Lucol, 43c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 60@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 33c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm,
Oil 83c; natural winter Sperm Oil, 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c: natural Whale.
OH, W)c; extra winter strained Lard OH, 75c:
' No 1 Lard Oil 60c: pure Neatsfoot Oil, "Re:
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c: light Herring Oil.
45c: dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 38c:
boiled Fish Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled
Paint OH. 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. ln bulk.
14c* Pearl OH. ln cases, 20% c; Astral. 20 %c;
Star, 20%c: Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 2«%c:
Eocene 23%c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 16c: In cases. 22%c: Benxlne. in bulk,
13c: m cases. 19 %c: 8«J-degree Gasoline In
bulk. 25c; In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon In cases and
75c 1n drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7®
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7g7%c, according to
$43 50@« 50 for local us«
and $41 25©42 per flask for export.
g yi/Y Bales. 90c for common and
SI 10 for granulated; Dairy. $0@7 per
ton- Granulated $7 50<88 50; Half Ground. 100
lb W«. S3 25: do. 50- lb bags. $3 75; Rock
Salt $2 85 tn 10O and $3 25 ln 50 lbs bags:
Genuine Liverpool. $14. $15 and $16 per ton in
nackaees of 224, 10O and 50' lbs respectively.
SUGAR The Western Sugar Refining Coxn
oany quotes as follows, per lb, ln 100-lb bags: '
rubes A Crushed " and Fine Crushed. 5.75c;
Powdered, 5.60c; Candy Granulated. 5.60c:
Dry Granulated. fln€> 5.50c; Dry Granu
lated coarse 5.50c; Fruit Granulated, 5.50c:
Beet' Granulated (100-lb bags only). 5.40c;
Confectioners' A. 5.50c; Magnolia A, 5.10c:
Extra. C. 5c: - Golden C. 4.90c: "D."
4 SOc- barrels. 10c more; half barrels. ' 25c more:
boxes', SOc more; 50-lb bags, 10c more for all
klrds Tablets— Half barrets. 6c: boxes.
615c' H. & E. Crystal Domlnos. 8.50c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
relr. or Us equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sizes. $13919: ex
tra sizes higher: Redwood. $19«23; Lath. 4
feet $3 75«4: Pickets. $17©25: Shingles. $2 for
No."l and $1 50 for No. 2: Shaken. $14 for
sdIU and $15 for sawn; Rustic, $33<@39.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 25^2
for fancy. 75c&$l 50 for choice and 40@{>0c for
standard; 'Tangerines. 75c@fl 25 ptr box;
Lemons. $2 50#2 75 for fancy, $1 50t?l 75 for
choice and $1@1 25 for standard; Grape Fruit.
$1 250j2; Mexican Limes. $4 5O<e« per case;
Bananas. $2@3 per bunch for Central Amer
ican and $l©2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, JJW3
per dozen. '_-".¦.
The- first Cherrles^of the 'season appeared
from Courtland on th?'t*acramento River. They
were of the Purple- Oulgne variety »nd of
good size and well matured. One 10-lb drawer
came in during the early trade and was sold
to. a leading retailer for $5. and two drawers,
each containing the same quantity, brought
by a later boat, sold at the same price. Re
ceipts of .Strawberries were the heaviest thus
far this season, aggregating 211 chests, cf
which 147 were of the large varieties from
Watsonvllle. Dealers had firm Ideas at th*
opening and asked $15 for Longwortbs and |1O
for the large varieties, but buyers refused to
pay such figures and prices receded. There
were quite a few chests lying around unsold
at the close. Six crates of a large variety
came ln from Florin and sold at $1 per crate.
Previously stated conditions still prevailed
In Citrus fruits. A fair amount of business,
both locally and for shipping account, was re
ported in good sound Navels, while there was
the usual pressure to sell inferior stock, which
constituted a large portion of the supplies.
Ripe Bananas were more plentiful and the
Central American article was quoted lower.
The other fruits were without quotable chang>\
STRAWBERRIES— $8<312 per . chest for
Longworths and $4®7 for the larger varieties.
APPLES— »1 62 60 per box.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHICAGO, May 3.— Almost Ideal weather
throughout the greater part of the country
ceu?ed liquidation of wheat at the opening. In
consequence of the heavy selling pressure In
itial sales were made at a considerable decline,
July being off to %c at 83-%c to 84V4c.
There were other factors that entered into the
situation In the weather conditions. Amons
the more Important influences were reports
from the Northwest stating that seeding oper
ations were progressing rapidly. Weakness of
the grain market at Minneapolis and Duluth
seemed to substantiate Uuubearlsh advices in
regard to the seeding and helped to accentuate
th& degression here. A rumor ¦ that the Mis
souri' crop report, to be issued to-morrow,
Would show an imitrovement in condition of
srowlnj wheat, Increased the desire to sell,
l-'or the first hour the market ruled extremely
weak, losses of nearly a cent being made in
all deliveries. The low point on July waa re
ported at ti'.i%c. The selllns craze, however,
was too unanimous, and as a result the market
became oversold. Many of the early sellers
started to cover. A sharp rally followed.
Buying on a larce scale by a prominent com
mission house was supposed to be for the ac
count of a leadlnjr trader. During the • latter
part of the session the buying continued lib
eral and the market held strong. After sell
ing at WJic July closed at 84Vjc
Influenced by favorable weather and a de
cline ln wheat, the corn market showed Con
siderable weakness durlr~ the first part of the
session, but the close was firm. July un
chanfed at 47 7 /«©48c.
Oats were influenced by the action of other
rralns. July closed Uc lower at 3«%c.
Provisions were wenk under active selling
by packers and exporters. .There was a firm
opening on the bullish ho2*iuarket. but the
early weakness in grains brought out influen
tial celling, resulting in a gradual decline.
Perk closed with a net lo?s of 30c. lard was
down 10c and rrbs were rff 2H<i?5c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May Wtf 83 87% 89
July (old)...,.. R5Vi S8 84 Vi 85*i
July (new) fi4H 84«4 83% 8l^i
Sept (old) S0*4 81 Vb »o£ 81
Sept (new) 70% 80 70^i 79%
Corn No. 2 —
May 45% 4<H» 45% '45%
July' 47% 48 47V4 48
September 47V4 • 47% 47% 47%
Oato No. 2—
May 3OV4 wV* 39V4 40W
July 38% 38% 38W, 3S%
September 30% 30% 30% 30%
Mess Pork, per-tobl —
May II «7% 11 f>7% 11 50 11 50
July 12 05 12 07% 11 72% 11 72%
September 12 17% 12 17% 11 92% 11 02%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 0 62% « 52% C 47% 8 47%
July; B 72% 0 72% 0 C2% 0 62%
September ,« £5 « S5 « 77% 6 77%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May « 17% « 17% H 15 6 15
July 0 45 • « 47% « 40 « 42%
September 600 «60 655 6 57%
Future Grain and Provisions.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Remain about as be
fore, say I63 3d for spot and 2ls <td<g22a tid for
new crop loading.: The chartered wheat flee*
In port haa a ¦: registered " tonnage of,' 'lUiVl,
against aflM tons on', the' same date iast"y*ar;
disengaged. 80,165 ton3, against .s;{.Ot!O; on the
way to this port. 241,430 tons, again3t .'Wi.fci.o.
WHEAT— The foreign markets continue heav.
ily supplied and, as crop prospects are good al
most everywhere, the market stays about sta-.
tlonary. Uroomhall's weekly report K'vea the
Crop conditions ln the United Kingdom fair and
ln France. Germany. Italy. Spain and Northern
Africa favorable. Russia la uncertain, rain
being needed in some districts.
- The weekly Government report gives Im
provement everywhere, but >n Ohio, Indiana
and Pennsylvania much land has been plowed
up. The outlook ln Michigan Is poor. Else
where the conditions are good. .
In this market quotations show little change.
Futures were weak ln the morning and firmer
in the afternoon, while the cash grain was
quiet. :'•¦ ~ % ¦'¦ ¦
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 :?O«Jt 35; California
White Australian, $1 52 Wfcl 57 V4; Northern
Club. $1 30$U 35; Northern Bluestem. $1 5C@
1 65 per ctl.
. : FUTURES.
• Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ...$1 25Mi *1 K5*i $1 25>i $1 25^
December ... 1 2i% 1 25»/» 1 24% 1 25^
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. ' Low. Close.
May— No sales, fl 21) bid, $1 2t>^ asked.
December ...$1 *5ft $1 25^4 $1 25fc $1 25ft
BARLEY — The demand was noticeably bet
ter yesterday and sales were quite active on
the morning session ot the exchange. Prices,
however, remained unchanged. Offerings were
rather larger, but of better quality.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 O7V6«?1 0«*i; Shipping and Brew-
Ing, $1 12^@1 15; Chevalier, $1 10@l 20 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... »3% M% U3& ; uati
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $105 $105 $105 $1 05
December... «4 : - 05 l>4% 94%
OATS — Prominent dealers reported a livelier
businefs ytaU-rday morning, with sales or sev
eral thousand sacks at the quotations. The
demand was /or local feeding and milling ac
count.
White, $1 30@l 40; Black. $1 25@1 30; Red.
$1 27%©1 35; Gray. $1 37% per ctl.
CORN — Is still hrmly held and slenderly of
fertd. but prices show, no variation. The bulk
of the supplies continue to come from the
West. - • v
Western sacked. $1 42%@1 45 for Yellow and
White and $1 37V4 for Mixed; California large
Yellow. $1 4061 47%; email round do. $1 65®
1 57%- White. $1 45@1 41% per ctl; Egyptian,
$1 4001 50 for white and $1 27%@1 30 for
brown. . ¦'
RYE — But few samples have been showing
of late and the market "Is steady at $1 30<&>
1.32H per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
The China brought up $3,344,350 in treasure,
supposed to be almost wholly Japanese gold
yen.
The whole Hst of quotations changed yester
day. Domestic and Sterling Exchange were
both lower and Silver and Mexican dollars
were eomewhat higher.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $* 83V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87 Vj
Sterling Exchange cables — 4 8$Vj
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, teltgraphic. — , O7V4
Silver, per ounce — 54%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 @ 45Vi
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
; Pacift,-: -Coast Wood and Iron ust: 'The
_>T.<-ie.! opi^on of the lumbermen of the Pa
< tf.c Coast U that the month of April jwfct
vtf«ted. was one of the *lcwe*t r<'iod» ln l ' 1<?
luyber. trade for the last ten year*. There
•:.vf b^e.->. s<\<ral influences at vorc svfctd:
have 'bccmvht flowa tho trade Fta;js, but the
ra-.st tm^»>rtant las txen the faliir 1 .: o.T ln <Je
rr.anj*. rtcnip*;ic. l'..cai and Ior"i£n. owing to
rr.ar.y r»as^r.s. The tf-ason Of stor nv weather
j-as. h»l mici to Oo with this !r.fluenre, ior
tnrf> har \A-»r> ll'*i- if any new COBhtra&M*
fcoins-^n in the V<?st; but the next thirty-one
dajn» *wfl] fit's, improvement r'.l *l<.>jig
.The l'.nV.
¦"The *t»am trioc^tr trade has iKt hm
'.•¦sfww •;-» !nj to the labor «tr->if,-*..». but the-*
have bet-n. my* Ot kss settled, »v:th the r«
; u!f that the • oarrylrijr en;mc".i«»« fr^ro t v >*
viflous ,Jumt«T trade porte Ot this oast
be preatlv lncrmsej in the c-raTjj fort
ji'.ght. 'The- cario&d conditions of the Pacifl4
Norttw'pst do not se«m to rromle* any great
irt;l rf v(!r;ent. but an increased Eastern and
Tviii<fle Western demand may result in a
U-.'.-ran:t of thie feature of the Western
Uitnh»r tt^dt.
• ."^'he whole trouble with the trade seems to
b 1 ¦ rwwpofluetion. <-aus»-d b> th*- K'n»Tal fall
ing "tiff l-i <>rdpr«. It if said that some of the
large 4 :j tuber -producing companies of the urp^r
coast have actually net on« ortler upon their
efska. ar.-l ir tkis 1* no there is *>vM»ntIy *<im*
t*-.ius' r «ji^«Uj ttroiis with itiv iu:i.:»r trade
Haft arfi West. Thit failing off in the selling
pot.fi b;i4titri»" cf the t .-. ,~ Northwe*t hag re
sulted 1p the dumping of ail gr*<i«-r ami kinds
of lumber into the local San Francisco mar
keta, with selling orders to dispose of the
• verproducv at any old figure *-o long as the
mill yards are kept clear. Prices are away oft
in Ij»tt" and fir and spruce, while redwood
tnuffof necf-eeity feel this Influence for the
worsf. The -rf<3wood men have held r r '<- -OB a
Itttl*- closer, however, and it is to be hoped
that the criEis has b«-en pas^rd and that the
fleam- tprlng weath«T will bring back the
orders that eeemed to have flown elsewhere
with the wlnter-1 caving birds.
. "R«d cedar ehmglee are suffering, too, and
rfiicf/doet not ueenj Imminent unless the East
ern spring-cleaning and repairing demands
hurry Into this coa*t. Prices have fallen
tliphtly. but this shingle cessation cf interest
should* be of the past before long. The com
bination of redwood shingle manufacturers Is
d'.iij* gr*at things, end rrices are steady at
H 45 here . and Jfl CO delivered in Southern
California, with the demand growing.
•"The 1 smaller concerns are cJaEsed as being
r'fjfonsitle for all the trouble owing to the
fact, that they are cotnjvllfd to operate in
order to .**¦«> their indebtedness up to the line
and no re*t can b* given to the piling up of
tni'.l stocks. This is an unfortunate condition
<' aiTaln;. but It seems as though too much
\'«lu».»aj. placed on thi* argument. The facts
trr * that" XYifi. current overproduction ha* been
rau*«-3 -by a Flump ln Eastern and domestic
orders and a d>eir« to unload heavy mill stocks
ln *»T5}* 1'K-aljt}- where a fair price ia to be se
cured.* «r>» next elxty days will probably see
• rftftm to much better conditions all along
•The Weather and Crops.
TV.*: weekly report of A. G. McAdle, section
iirsrtrr of. the climatfi and crop service of the
WtatW Cxrf-au. is as follow*:
*. GENERAL SUMMARY.
The w«ath«-r during the «wk was generally
<.-*J <.r.\ cloudy and s>ho»«>r» were of frequent
<*-rvrr*Ttr+ In all part* of the State. Th* rain
««•- <-,r rr^tt t»>nefit to crops In the cf-ntral and
j-'-uThorn^t^Uons. f^now foil in the mountain
dictrk?*.* High winds prevallrd ln Southern
CalUornia f^n Sunday.
'Jr.V.n end hay are making steady Improve-
Btcnt tirxi growing rapidly. The outlook for
(rood crops appear* betier a« the wason ad
vances, e?p«-elaily in the southern sections. In
ion». i-ortions of the overflowed districts in
Northern CfeBtorata quite a considerable part
of lh»- griin crop wns washed out and ruined,
but much of the land was greatly benefited by
th«> overflow an-i h«ttvy rains and will pro
riur* fully an average yield. Sugar beets,
l-^ans -ani hop* are rr.akinp good growth and
*ir*ar thritty. Crop* of all kinds are some
vhat later than usual owing to the continued
<ool. wet'jweather. Green feed is abundant
and of good quality and stack are doing well.
Cherries Xn the Va^aville district are re
pcrtea. verv' late in ripeninr. and deciduous
rruits 'in aH parts of the State are backward,
though ia good condition. Apricots, almonds
and peaches will prr.babiy be light ln mo*t
ttertions and apples In the vicinity of Holllster
v. ilj fall"r>*-low the average, but other varieties
of deciduous fruit* are expected to yield fully
avrraev crops. Vineyards arc in excellent con
dition. . Orange* and walnuts ar» making sat
lsfpctofy progrers.
SA.-BAMEXTO VALLrY. — Cool. cloudy
wathef ccntinutd during th«? w«»-k. with occa
nona? showers, pondltiuns wtrre favorable for
grain and grass, but warmer, clear weather
la r.reded for fruits and vegetables. All crops
lire- in' very good condition, though a little
later than usual. Wheat Is making an excel
lent «tan-i and In some sections- has been
er«-atiy b-neflted by the heavy rainfall; good
cron areprot»able in nearly all places. Hay
Is nakinr good crowth and the yield will be
sbout average GrH-n feed is plentiful. The
"-uit crop in the vicinity of Gridley was con
«.-i';fraUlv.<ian>ared by the high water of March,
'i-nii p<>ach»-* will yield a light crop. Apricots
¦«tA jlmor.d. will also be light, but other fruits
pive promiB* of large yield*. Vineyards and
' ranVe orchards are In excellent condition.
-.OAST AND HAY SECTIONS.-The weath
'- during-'the week was cool and cloudy and
f'.cwers wtt» frequent in all sections. Farm
work was iVtaMed in portions of the northern
•v* by th*- continued wet weather, but
'<- rain was of grtat benefit in the central and
uthera dirtrtcU. Neariy »H crops •«*«<*
v-;.r.i but -otherwise ln splendid condition,
'irain.ahd h«y ar*' making good growth and
v !l j ,r(,»iWy yft-ld fully average crops in most
rUc^s *Or4a t**& i» abundant end of good
Qnatttr. : Fu<k of all kinds are doing well.
•¦• ¦•- ¦-> is th" Vacavillc tflFtrict are unusually
tat*/ jth<?urn in sorxl condition. Most varieties
" <".e,-:;uou* f^jits are backward owing to
"r.-.jr.ii^" cool wet weather, but the outlook
I* >".d Ior average crops In rnost places.
Ari-l*3 and almonds are report*! llgrht la San
B»-r.ito Coiinty. Vineyards are thrifty.
"AS JOAQUIX VALLEY. — Partly cloudy,
cool v-ejither hae* prevailed during the week.
»;'h ¦V'-nr;rop* showers o» Tuesday and
v *-dr,r(lay*-and again on Saturday night and
s ;"^; . The showers have been very bene
•"•l?l xn ail 'rrowing crops. *>«t retarded the
<y h»ntn. Grain has made srood irrowth
f-o it ePn<rail>' reported ln fine condition. D«-
ere making irood progress and
vjo»* . r , KrowlMK rapidly. CulUvation of
SPftfls sfd vintaards 1« progressing rapidly.
"*/' '¦-."'i.^' -plentiful and stock are in good
•^l,'. 1 ""' rM-\*ral froxts occurred during the
••nV^t-causjed nb damage. Hea\-y enow 1
i,,j* thr f.ttfh Fiwrae during the week. Irrl
w *»tt frw plenUful and bein* freelr u»«L
Lower.
ipril Business Quiet, With Prices
'/'the lumber trade.
Receipts of Butter were very large, as will
be «een. and the steadiness of the preceding
day was not visible. The receipts Included
liberal lines from Oregon. Prices showed no
change, though the tone was easy. Good sized
shipping orders from the north alone keep the
market from declining.
Eggs are also wanted for the north, and
large lines are being packed in salt for Alas
ka. These orders are absorbing a large part
of the receipt*, and as the, local demand is
unusually lively the market' rules firm at a
further slight advance. .
Cheese remains plentiful and weak.
Receipts were 99.!)O>> lbs Butter. 1655 .cases
Eggs and 12,300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. lS<£l:>c
for extras and 17®17%c for first*; dairy, 15^
17%c; store Butter, 13&'14c; cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE— S^Oc for good to c.ioicc n»w
and 7 ( S7',jc for lower grades; Young America*,
9%®10c: Eastern. ;.'.@l«c; Western, l*^13c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 20(ff22%c for fair to choice;
store. 17©20c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of California Poultry were liberal
and consisted chiefly of old and small stock,
which draKgpil at lower rates. Young Roosters
and Fryers were In limited supply and were
the only description* is the chicken Una to show
any firmness. The second car of Western Hens
for the week, was offered late in the day, but
very little of It was sold. Another car falls
due to-day. Only a few sacks of Game came
tn and prices were largely nominal.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15®17e per lb;
Geese, per pair. $1 50@2; Goslings, $2 60®.1 50;
Ducks, $5&5 50 per dosen for old and $ti@U 50
for young; Hens, $G@<> 50 for large and
$4 50&5 tor small; young Roosters. *7 5o^
H 50; old Roosters, $4 50@3; Fryers. JrtrtT;
Broilers. ?:>'»4 for large and $2 5O&2 73 for
email; Pigeons. $1 25@1 SO per • dozen for old
and $1 7T>V- for Squabs.
GAME — Gray Geest, $3 5034 per dozen;
White Geese. $1 25$1 75; Brant, $1 NX32 50;
Honkers, $41(5; English Snipe, $4; common
Snipe. $1 75gr2; Cottontail Rabbits, ' $1 754??;
Brush Rabbits, $1 50; Hare, $1 5001 75.
Poultry and Game.
LONDON.' May 3. — 'A large number of vis- ,
itors attended the opening of the third series ,
of wool auction ' sales to-day. The offerings |
numbered 14,556 bales, mainly crossbreds. • The
buying was chiefly by the home ' trade, but
Americans secured several lots of medlnm and
fine crossbreds and also suitable parcels ¦ of
gocd Romneyu wools at full rates. The of
ferings of Merinos were light and they eold ¦
well. Cape ot Good Hope and Natal fine grades
were unchanged, but heavy greasles were
somewhat easier. Punta Arenas were In fair
demand at unchanged prices.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, May 3. — Wool, steady. Medium
grades, combing and clothing, 20%c; light
nne, ltf@17%c; heavy fine, 14%c; tub washed,
20@31c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 3.— Wheat— Walla Walla.
73c; bluestem. 81c; valley. 83@*3c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May * 3.— Wheat— Unchanged.
Bluestem, Me; club, 74c.
Northern B:: sines* .
SEATTLE. May 3. — Clearings. 1762,831; bal
ances, $140, 14S.
TACOMA, May 3.— Clearings, $333,400; bal
ances. ?83 576.
PORTLAND, May 3.— Clearing, ? 580,321;
balanced. $40,204.
SPOKANE, May 3.— Clearings, $412,303; bal
ances, *61.773.
London Wool Sales.
WASHINGTON. May 3. — To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, f 220, 192,322; gold,
$112,790,277.
Condition of the Treasury,
-. Auction sale of a large line of Grain Bags.
'Lumber trade in April reported unsatisfactory.
''Arrkrt of S3.344.350 i* Gold from the Orient.
¦ 'Silvfr.and Mexican Dollars slightly higher.
J l St-cr!uig and Domestic Exchcr.igc somewhat lower.
Active Jrading in bonds, but stocks quiet.
'".il'cU-strcct stocks firmer on the day. Cotton loivcr.
''•yVixcat'and Wheat Freights as prez-iously quoted.
Barley and Oats livelier and firmly held.
'Corn and. Rye unchanged and featureless.
Moderate movement in Flour and Millstuffs.
t Ha£easier,'snth lighter arrivals. Feedstuff s very firm.
"No further fluctuation in Beans and Seeds.
'Potatoes coming in very heaz'ily from Oregon.
. Onions in lighter supply and doivg better.
Poultry in liberal receipt and tower. Game nominal.
* F.irst Cherries of the season in from the River.
¦Strawberries in larger receipt and loivcr.
- Oranges in ample supply and fairly steady. Bananas lower.
Some carry-over expected in Prunes and Raisins.
Dried Peaches and other cured fruits well cleaned up.
- Provisions still inactive with am pie stocks.
'XVool coming in well and moving out well
'Hop crop prospects reported very fine.
" \ Jf ides in fair demand, steady and unchanged.
Mutton continues to shade off under large receipts.
''Beef. Veal and Pork as previously quoted.
: PARIS. '
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 21 25 2O 55
doelng 21 30 > - 20 55
Opening" 29 10 27 60
Closing 28 30 27 65
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 6 3% « 4%
Closing : 03% « 4%
Foreign Futures.
general movement was extremely sluggish and
narrow. The resumption of trading In Lon- ¦
dun after the holiday, with no evidence of
weakness by reason of the military events In i
Asia, ivafc a reassuring factor and thsre was !
some buying here for London account. On the !
other rand, the heavy decrease In net earnings j
for March reported by the Pennsylvania eys- !
tem was h weight uron the whole market. '
i i" « >a X Iy raork « w »» very mixed and lrregu
la. and rcther mow active than the recent ]
average. Call money showed a firmer tone
early and for the first time in many days the I
minimum rate was Hi per cent, with loans
made above that. This was attributed to ths ;
growing influence of the ;,-old exports and to
the exigencies of the hldiers for the $37,000,000
e^.*°£ k CUy bond l8 « ae - The statement by
. \ix Mor K*n in P&ris clarified the tinder
*tandln«; of the nmhod of the Panama Canal
payment and made tiear the position" <if his
f.rra as fiscal agent of this Goverwr.ent a no
an . m * dlary by contract with the canal com-
The market closed dull and ir -. gular acd
showed small net chunges.
,, I J on<1 « wer« liTefruihr at the close. Sales.
*l,185.000. United States 2s, the 3s coupon and
the old 4s declined % and the new 4s *4 per
cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. Hlsrh. Low. Close.
Atchison ... 15,200 72Vi 71% 72H
Atchison pfd 600 «;{ M2% " »2%
Bait A Ohio 7,200 71»^ 78}i 79
Bait &. Ohio pfd... 100 yo% 1)0*4 «K)
Canadian Pacific... 1,500 117 116ft 110%
Central of N J 157
Chesap & Ohio ... 100 30% :W% X0%
Chi & Alton 300 38^ d1% 37%
Chi & Alton prd... 100 81^ 81H 81V4
Chi & G Western.. IKK) 16 15% . 13<4
Chi & Northweetn 170
Chi Mil & Bt Paul. 13,300 1434 142H 143U
Chi Mil 4: St P pfd 175
Chi Term & Tran 8^
Chi Term & T pfd. 17(5
C C C & St Louis 70
Colo Southern 200 15»4 15»i 15%
Colo South 1st pfd. 1WJ 52 Vi 62 Vi 52
Colo South 2d pfd .... 21^4
Dei & Hudson .. MK) 157 15t5 150"»
Del Lack & West.. 200 270% 270% 870%
Denver & Rio G 20
Denver & R G pfd 00*i
Erie 11,500 24^ 23% 2i\k
Erie lft pfd 1,000 63',i 03 (53V*
Erie 2d pfd 2.000 38^ 37%, SS»i
Hocking Valley ... 500 «7% «7 / ««
Hocking Val pfd.. 600 M>% 78 ' 7<n;
Illinois Central ... bOO 130Vi ViOM i:t0
Iowa Central 17%
Iowa Central pfd .... :I4
K C Southern 100 17»» 17»i 17%
K C Southern pfd. IHVi
Louis A Nash ... 000 107>i 10ti?4 107
Manhattan L S00 142H 142«,i 142%
Metropolitan Secur 76
Metropolitan St tty 13.000 110 108% H'!»?i
Minn & St Louis 40M*
M StP&Sit Ste M. 200 H0% HO 60
MStP&SltSt M pfd. 200 116 116 110
Missouri Pacific .. 3,000 02 01 H 91 T*
Mo Kan & Texas.. 300 17Vi 17 17
Mo Kan A T pfd 36%
Nl RR of Mex pfd -*. 3«
N Y Central 300 115^ 115% 115Va
Norfolk & Western 500 5«% 56% 56ft
Norfolk & West pfd 8*
Ontario & West... 1.000 21% 21 U 21%
Pennsylvania 35,200 IIS 117% 117%
Pitts C C & St L. 100 CO 60 5C
Reading 6,600 43% 42»i 43%
Reading 1st pfd 78^3
Reading 2d pfd 60V*
Rock Island Co 5.000 22V4 22 22%
Rock Island Co pfd 6W 03 62% 63
St L & S F 2d pfd 40%
St Louis S W 13
St Louis S W pfd. 100 33 % 3.1U 32'jJ,
Southern Pacific .. 1.1.200 47>i W% 47%
Southern Railway. 200 20% 20% 20i,i
Southern Ry pfd... 100 84 SI 84
Texas & Pacific TiVt
Tol St L & West.. 100 26^ 2tt% 25%
Tol St L ft W pfd. 300 3R% 38 .«'i
Union Pacific 47,600 Hi\ 8i% S4%
Union Pacific pfd 31
Wabash ... 300 18 18 l"%
Wabash pfd 1,500 37% 36% 37
W & Lake Erie ... 100 15% 15% 15%
Wisconsin Central. W0 17% 17%, 17%
Mexican Central . 5.600 8% H Sy,
Expreen Comranies —
Adams 220
American ISO
'.."nitel etnt-?* 103
Wells-Fargo 203
I Mlscellaneout —
] Amalgam Copper . 14.200 47«i 46% 46%.
Am Car * Fdy 17
i Am Car & Fdy pfd 100 70 70 15U
I Am Cotton Oil - 20
| Air. Cotton Oil pfd SS
(American Ice 100 fl«i 6% *i%
American Ice pfd. 100 27% 27*(, 27-%
Am Linseed OH 200 8 8 8
Am Lin Oil pfd 2S
Am Locomotive ... 300 18% 18% lfiU
Am Locomo pfd...' 200 82 81% M%
Am Smelt & Rfg.. 300 40% 48% 48%
Am Sm & Rfg pfd coo 1)5% iH% 94%
Am Sugar Refining 3.3O0 127% 12«UJ 120>i
Anacon Minlner Co. 200 7H% 76% 7tf
Brook Rap Trans.. 8,400 40% 45% 45 r t»
Colo Fuel & Iron * 30%
Consolidated Gas . 7,000^ 210% 2o8% 209
'Corn Products ... 100 13 13 13
Corn Products pfd 70%
Distil Securities 22
General Electric .. 300 157% 157% 157%
Internatl Pa?er .11
Int Paper pfd 68
Internatl Pump 38%
Int Pump Dfd 100 76 76 76
National Lead .... 100 16% 16Vi 16%
North American .. 200 84 84 . 81 '
Pacific Mail i 3<« 26% 26 2<$
People's Gas • ©«%
Pressed Steel Car.. 500 26% 26% 2tf%
Pressed St Car pfd f. 00 ,
Pullman Pal Car 209
Republic Steel ... 500 6% Q% ¦ 6%
Republic Steel pfd. 800 42% 42% 42
Rubber Goods ... 200 16% 16 15%
Rubber Goods pfd. 200 77 77 76%
Tenn Coal fc Iron. 700 36 35 36
U S Leather 200 6% 6% 0%
U S Leather pfd... 100 7»% 7»% 7»%
U S Realty 100 6% 6% 6%
U S Realty pfd.... 100 58% 58% 67ii,
U S Rubber 2,400 18 17% 17%
U S Rubber pfd... 1.200 67% 67 67%
U S Steel 17,200 10% 10 10
U S Steel pfd 27,100 55% 55 55 V*
Weirtinghouse Elec 200 153 153 153%
Western Union t 88%
Total rales 288,300 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. May 3.— Bond transactions of
the United Railroads of San Francisco were
$1COO at ?77.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4%, asked 4%; preferred, bid
3f'%, asked 30%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.,.105 |L & N unified 4s.lOOVl
Do coupon 105 Man con gold 4s.lC3
Do 3s reg 100 Mex Cent 4s 67%
Do coupon 106 Do 1st inc 13
Do new 4s reg.132% Minn & St L 4s.. f»8
Dn coupon 132%|M K & T 4s 100
Do old 4s reg..lO7 Do 2ds .., 08%
Do coupon 107 |NR of Mex con 4s. 03%
Atch g«n 4s 100%|N Y C gen 3%s.. fi8ft
Do adj 4s 01 N J C gen 5s..,.130U
Atlantic C L 4s. 9? Nor Pac 4s 102%
Bal Sc. Ohio 4s... 101 Do 3s 70%
Do 3%s 04%'Nor & W con 4s. 92%
Centra: of Ga 5s.lO6% OSL 4s & partlc. 93%
Do Is 4 , inc 70%JPa conv 3%s.... 05%
ChM * Ohio 4%s.lO2%fReading gen 4s 98
CI.I & Alton 3%s. 77%|SL & I M con 5s.ll3
C. 0 * O new 4s. 84%jS L & S F fg 4s. 82%
CM & SP gn 4s.lO9 1st Louis SW l.«ts. 04
C S: NW cont7s.J27T;iSeaboard A L 4s. 68
C R I.& Pac 4s. 70% Po Pac 4s 91%
Do tn, 5s H0% So Railway 6s 115%
C.C.C 4 SLgn 4s.lOO% Tex & Pac lsts.,118
Chi Term 4« 80 T. St L & W 4s. 69%
Cons Tobacco 4s.. 5S% Union Pac 4s 104*i
Colo & So 4s.... SiM Do conv 4s 07%
C F & I 5s 70% U S Steel 2d Ba.. 78%
Den A Rio G 4s. 00 Wabash lsts 115%
Erie prior Men 4s. 08% Do deb B 61%
Do gen 4s 86%IW & L Erie 4s... S9%
F W 4 D C lsts.107 WIs Cent 4s 90%
Hock Val 4%s... lO7i,il
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief' 05
Alice 35 Ontario 3 75
Breece i 10 Ophir 5 50
Bruns Con 03 Potosl 16
Com Tunnel .... lOlSavage 34
Con Cal & Va.. 1 SOlSlerra Nev........ 53
Horn 8tlver 1 35rBmall Hopes .... 15
Iron Silver 1 75|Standard 3 €0
Leadvllle Con ... C2|
V ; |
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Call loans 2@3% Do pfd .'." 56>':
Time loans 3©4% Westing Common. 77
Bonds— Mining -':',:¦¦¦
Atchison 4s 99% Adventure 2
Do adj 4s 90% Allouez 5%
Mex Cent 4s 65 Amal Copper ...: 47
Railroads — Amer Zinc- 9»i
Atchison 72H Atlantic 7$
Do pfd »2«4 Bingham 21
Boston & Albany.246 Calumet & Hecla.470
Boston ft Malne.167"- Centennial ..:..;. 26«-
Boston Elev 140% Copper Range — 42*»
Fitchburg pfd.... 138 Daly West 21%
Mex Central 8 Dom Coal 04
N Y. N H & H..103% Franklin 7%
Pere Maruette... 78% Grancy 4
Union Pacific... 84 Isle Royale ¦;:77n.i"»T^
Miscellaneous— Mass Mining .... '4
Amer Arge Chem. 13% Michigan ....-.: 4 /
Do pfd 70% Mohawk ......... 41%
Amer Penu Tube. 4% Mont Coal & Coke 2%
Amer Sugar ....126% Old Dominion ... 12%
Do pfd 126 Osceola ...,56
Amer Tel & Tel. 126 Parrot V.V23U
Amer Woolen ... lOVi Qulncy ; «l
Do pfd-. 7. ..'... -74% Shannon ....;.... 7%
Dom Iron & S... 9% Tamarack ....... 90 .'
Ed Elect Ilium.. .234 (Trinity ........... 3%
Gen Electric 15R%|U S Mining .V.... 19%
Mass Electric.... XOV. V S Oil 9%
Do pfd V V 72« UUh 33%.
Mass Gas ....... 33%|Vlctorla .......... -3 1
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Old Potatoes continued to arrive frsely from
Oregon by rail and the market was rather
quiet, as dealers were holding off awaiting the
arrival of the Oregon steamer, which Is due
to-day with about 700O sacks, a much larger
quantity, than was expected. New Potatoes
were weak at previous prices. "Receipt! were
20? sacks and there was an abundance of car
ried-over stock on the market. Supplies of
Australian Onions have been greatly dimin
ished and what stock remains In first hands
is held firm at higher pri- e*. Some holders
were Asking an high aa *c per pound, but no
sales were reported above $3 60 per cental.
Trade in miscellaneous vegetables was quite
active and prices bad but slight variation. The
regular tiade paid from 5c to 7c for Asparagus
and surplus stock of No. 2 went to the canners
at 4%c per pound. Peas were In free supply,
but cleaned up well at the revised quotations.
String Beans continued to arrive rreely from
the south and prices had a further decline.
Rhubarb was the weakest and most plentiful
article on the list and the best stock 'could be
bought late In the day at liberal concessions.
Receipts of vegetables Included 780 boxes
of Asparagus, 703 boxes of Rhubarb and 673
sacks of Peas.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. $1 50
©1 t» per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 50®l 75
per ctl: River Reds. $1©1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks Tor seed. $1- 25®1 60 per ctl;
Garnet Chiles, $1 75<g2 per ctl; Early Rose.
$1 40£l b'O per ctl; new Potatoes, 2©2%c per
pound. _
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 50©2 7j per ctl for Ore
gon and 53 25-Q3 50 for Australian; Green
Onions. 2S^40c per box
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 4%©7c per lb:
Rhubarb. 3&@75c per box; Green' Peas. $1©
1 M; Garden Peas. 2%®3c per lb; String
I'.f-ans. 6<§fSc per Ik: Tomatoes. $101 50 per
box or trate for Los Angele* and $1 25^1 i5
for Mexican; Summer Squash. $1©1 50 per
box; Cabbage, $1 50 per ctl; Carrots, 50c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, T5e®$l 25 per
dozen; Garlic, nominal; E*g Plant. 15020c
per lb: Dried Peppers, S@lQc for sun-tlried
ond 12«4©13c per lb for evaporated; Dried
Okra. 12%©15c per lb; Green Peppers. 15£20c
per lb; Marrowfat Squash, Jobbing at lV.-M-c
per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW YORK, May 3.— Special telegraphic
and cable communications received by Brad
street's show the following changes in avail
able supplies as compared with last account:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 928,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, increased 2,000,000 bushels;
total supply increased 1,072,000 bushels. .
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 1.367,0<iO bushels.
Oat* — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 857.000 bushels.
, \
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, May 3. — Tin was a little high
er in London, an advance of L's 6d- being re
ported, with spot quoted at £127 10s and fu
tures at £120 15s. Locally the market was
unchanged at $27 90#2S 10.
Copper was unchanged in London, with spot
at tl&a 17s 6d and futures at £58 13s. The lo
cal market also remains unchanged at $13 50
for lake $13 12@13 115 for electrolytic and
912 87%&13 12% for casting.
Lead declined -£ tid In the English market,
closing at £12, wnlle New York remained un
changed at $4 60@4 05.
Spelter was unchanged at 5.20@5.25c In the
New York market and at £22 7s Bd in Lon
don. "
Iron cloned at 52b 3d in Glasgow and at 41s
7%d In Middlesboro. Locally Iron is -un
changed. No. 1 foundry northern, $15 2Ii@
16 75; No. 2 foundry northern, $14 75<&15 2&:
No. 1 foundry southern and No. 1 foundry
southern soft, $14©14 &0.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. May 3.— FLOUR— Receipts.
22,000 barrels: exports, 0700 barrels; inactive.
WHEAT— Receipts. 8000... bushels; exports,
4000 bushels; spot, barely steady; No. 2 rtd,
$1 04 elevator and $1 05@l OS f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. »O*ic f. o. b. afloat.
Decided weakness characterized the option
market. It closed rather firm, although *4@%c
net lower. May closed at 01 %c; July, 8'J%o;
September. 83c; December. 82%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
SUGAR — Haw, flrin; refined, steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet: No. 7 invoice.
7c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 10®13c. Futures
closed steady at unchanged prices to a decline
of 10 points; sales, 33,500 bags, including May.
5.65c; July, 5.8065.85c; September. 6.05@
6.15c; December. «j.35@0.45c; March, 6.00^
6.70c.
Neiv York Gram and Produce.
NEW YORK. May 3.— The cotton future*
market closed unchanged to 5 points down.
New York Cotton Market.
Cons money... 29 13-16! NY Central 11"
Do acct 90 1 Nor & Western. 58%
Anaconda ....... 4 I Do pfd .1 90ft
Atchison 74 |Ont & Western.. 22
'Do pfd 95% Pennsylvania . 60%
Bal & Ohio 80% Rand Mine* .'. 10%
Can Paainc 110% Reading 22^4
Ches & Ohio 31% • Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West.. 10% Do 2d pfd...... 31
Chi, Mil & Bt P. 146*4 So Railway 21%
De Beers 19%| Do pfd 66Vi
Den & Rio O 20%ISo Pacific 48%
Do pfd 72>4 Union Pacific .... 85*4
Erie 25 Do pfd 04%
•Do 1st pfd €5 US Steel 11
Do 2d pfd 3»%l Do Pfd 65
111 Central 13.1% PWabash 19
Louis & Nash....lO»%l Do pfd >8
M. K & Texas... 17%|6panlsh 4s 81%
Bar silver — Steady. 25Ud per ounce.
Money— 1%@2 per cent.
The rate of discount !u the open market for
abort -bills is 2%@2U per cent and for three
mrfnths bills 2J4CJ2 5-lts per cent.
United Fruit . ... 107%| Winona 6
Un Shoe Mach... 49% 'Wolverine ... 71
Do pfd ........ 29 | .
London Closing Stocks.
. Territory Quotations are as follows :
Idaho — Fine, 14%€'15c: heavy fine, 13S13%c;
fine medium. 15@15%c; medium, 16®17c; low
medium, lT@18c
Wyoming— Fine. 14^@1 5c; heavy. fine, 13®
13%c; Hne mediums, I5«15%c; medium. 18@>
19c; low medium, 18@19c.
Utah and Nevada— Fine, 14%@15c: heavy.
13jJ13%c; fine medium, 15%@16c; medlnm. .IS
@19c; low medium. 19<i2Oc.
Montana— Fine choice. 18©19c: fine average,
17@18c; line medlnm, choice. 18@19c; average,
16@17c; staple, 18@19c; medium, choice, 18
©19c. :
tlrely too high and not warranted by anything
now in slt-ht In the Roods market.
Territory and pulled wools are quiet i and
generally steady. The market for foreign
wools Is firm. -¦'../
5%@5%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%#16c; Rap«.
l?4@2c; Timothy. «06%c; Hemp. 34@4c per
lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20®21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles,
$3 25; Green Peas. $3©3 25.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY, MAY 4, 1904.
Continued on Page Fourtcea.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
AT AUCTION.
fes fcv
On MONDAY. May 9. at 11 o'clock.
At JOHN SOUTH'S STOCKYARDS,
TWELFTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
By order of S. Harris 0* Modoc County I
will sell 85 head of choice, sound young horses
that' w«igh from 1100 to 1400; blocky and
heavy boned: are all ln good condition, and
have been driven. Any one wantlnc to pur-
chase good sound young horses at his own
price should ba aure and attend this sal*.
The above stock are on the way and will ar-
rive at the yards Saturday morning, and must
and will be sold. 3. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
Office, 122 Grove st. _
¦<* *^ yTJ^
AUCTION SALE— ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET, 337 Sixth St.. May 4. at 11 a. m.. t
will sell a lot of good work hones and mares.
Also a lot of single and double harness. JOHN
J. DOYLE, Auctioneer. ¦ •>- -»".The South German Societies, in
cluding several well-known local.or
ders, will hold their annual picnic and
outing at Shell Mound Park next Sun
day. The event promises to be a suc
cessful one and nothinghas been left
undone by the executive committee to
have all arrangements complete.
German Societies' Outing.
A. collision -between an automobile
and •' a , buggy occurred on the ocean
boulevard, near the south drive, on
Monday afternoon. In the automobile
were ' A: . M. Shields, manager of the
Equitable Life Assurance: Society, and
a chauffeur and the buggy .'was driven
by G. X. Wendlirig of the Wendling
Lumber. The automobile
and the buggy wer*e "slightly damaged
and 'the "chauffeur was cut on the
cheek! The collision was unavoidable
and no one was to blame.
Auto Collides With Buggy.
When San Francisco's famous matinee
idol, Ernest Hastings, steps on the stage
of the California Theater on Sunday next
in the character of Thaddeus Strong, in
"Our New Minister." he will receive such
a welcome from his army of -admirers
that he won't easily forget.. By far the
best part he has ever played, the quiet
force with which he Imbues the charac
ter, and the dignity that he. lends < to it,
lead the auditor at once to the conclu-
Bion that the authors must have had him
In mind for the part when the play was
written. Season after next Hastings will
be starred in a new play by George W.
Kyer. author of "Our New Minister." •
Ernest Hastings in "Our New Minis
ter" nt the California.
Edgar Porter, aged 13 years, ap
peared before the Police Commission
ers last night and complained that he
had been swindled out of 5 3 50 by a
clever ruse of an auctioneer named
Leo Marks, whose place of. business is
at 514 Kearny street.
.'According to the complaining wit
ness he went into Marks' place a few
days ago and purchased a watch and
several other articles/which were in a
paper bag, for $3 50. After leaving
the store he . opened the bag to dis
cover that the timepiece was missing:.
He complained to Captain Duke,, with
the result that Marks was cited to ap
pear before the Board of Police Com
missioners ..to show cause why his
license as an auctioneer should not be
revoked. As Marks' attorney was not
ready to proceed the case was contin
ued until next Tuesday' night
Police .Officer T. J. Dugan waa
granted thirty days* : leave ¦ of absence
without pay in addition to the usual
summer .vacation given* to each mem
ber of the Police Department. Dugan
intends* to - visit his relatives in the
East. H. " W. Levy, E. J. Plume and
H. . Roedlsrer were also „- allowed ten
days'- additional vactlon without com
pensation.'
Edgar' Porter Accuses Leo Marks of
Making Him the Victim of an.
Old Time Trick.
SMALL BOY SAYS HE WAS
SWINDLED BY AUCTIONEER
From testimony taken in our investigation
of this case we find that the steamship Mon
golia, .1. H. Kinder master, from Norfolk,
Va,. to San Francisco. Cal., was running along
the coast in order to verify the chronometers.
At 3:K5 p. . m. March 6 the vessel struck on a
reef or shoal. The weather was clear, the
•wind light . and the sea smooth. Soundings
taken around the vessel showed five fathoms
near .the • bow, five and a half fathoms on
each side amidships and eight fathoms, aft.
The tide wan about half flood: vessel was
drawinp 27 feet forward and 28 feet aft. At
4:25 p. m. the vessel floated. ¦¦
. The following . bearings were taken at. the
time the vessel was aground: Sellelro Point,
N.29 W.; Ollnda Lighthouse, S. 43 W., true.
By the chart these bearings locate the ship In
fifteen fathoms of water and four' miles out
side of the Hve-fathom line of soundings along
the | land. There are - no indications on the
chart of a reef or shoal water in this .vicinity.
; After a careful consideration of the evidence
In this case we have to exonerate Captain J.
H. Rinder from blame In connection with- th«
grounding of the ¦steamship Mongolia ..on
March i, 1904. ' < . : . • . .
' This vessel was examined In drydock . on
her recent arrival at this ; port ' and the dam
age to her hull found to be nominal;, her pro
peller blades were bent.
United States Local Inspectors
Bolles and Bulger yesterday hied their
report exonerating' from blame Cap
tain J. H. Rinder of the steamship
Mongolia for having stranded her near
Pernambuso. The report is as fol
lows: - ; :^t
United States Local Inspectors Report
on Stranding of the Mall Steam- i
ship Mongolia.
Thomas Fitzpatrick and Edward
Daley, who, are known as bay pirates,
were booked at the City Prison yes
terday bjs Corporal Egan and Policc
men McGrath and McPartland on two
charges of grand larceny each. They
are accused of having stolen two bales
of hose, and a roll of canvas from the
wharf of the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company which were to
be shipped to Spokane. They were ar
rested while trying to dispose of the
roll of canvas. .;,;" ./ f
Bay Pirates Arrested.
CAPTAIN RINDEIt IS
ABSOLVED FROM- BLAME
The Supreme Court yesterday re
fused the petition of '"Police Officers
Davids and Barry that Superior Judge
Cook be restrained from adjudging
them guilty of contempt in arresting
Beulah Williams, an inmate of the no
torious resort at 1129 Dupont street.
Sustains Superior Judge Cook.
The California Promotion Committee by A
Sbarboro. representing: Manufacturer's" and
Producer*.' Association: Sacramento Chamber
of Commerce, by Joseph . Steffens president-
Stockton'Chamber of Commerce by George W*
Tatterson. president: State Board of. Trade bv
Arthur R. Brings, general manager: Oakland
Board of Trade, by H..C, Capwell. president-
Oakland Merchants' Exchange, by T Gier'
president, and . W. Walker, secretary-' River
Improvement and Drainage Association' of Cal
Ifornia. by P. J. Von Loben Sels., president -
Rufus P. Jennings, representing the- San Ff-an
Cisco Chamber of Commerce; P. j. Koster
representing the Merchants' Association of San
Francisco; G. W. McNear. representing the
Merchants' Exchange of San Francisco- Sac
ramento Valley Development Association by
W. S. Green, president: San Joaquin Valley
Commercial Association, by S. C. Smith, presi
dent.
Ten delegates to be appointed by and in
cluding the presidents of the following asso
ciations:. Sacramento Valley Development
Association. Han Joaquin Valley Commercial
Ansodatlon. State Board of Trade and the
River Improvement and Drainage Association
of California. No proxies allowed. Reduced
rates will be secured on all railroad and steam
ehlp. lines and delegates are requested to take
receipts when purchasing tickets In order that
rebates may be secured. VRespectfully BU b
xnltted, \
Twenty-five. delegates. from each county also
two delegates from each • reclamation district
within said county, to be appointed by Cham
bers of . Commerce . or Boards of Trade or
kindred organizations. '
All members of boards of SuDervisors and
five additional . delegates . to be appointed by
th« said boards of Supervisors.
The convention will be composed of delegates
from representative organizations and public
bodies Interented In the subject from the fol
lowing counties: San Francisco. Alameda,
Contra Costa. San Joaquin. i Solano, ' Bacra
mento. Yolo. Colusa. Sutter. Yuba Glenn
Butte and Tehama. , - "
We believe that concrted action should be
taken by all Interest!., -commercial, agricultural
and governmental, to secure such relief and
provid* such safeguards forSthe future as may
be iK»>Mble. j
For the purpose of discursins the matter
and taking suchntppj as under all the cir
cumfctances may t-eem best. we. the under
fipned, repr«?s* ntint: interests de.ply concerned
in the improvement of the San Joaquin and
Sacramento riven;. In the preservation of their
valleys from inundation and In their growth
an-i prosperity, do hereby rail a convention to
meet at San Francisco on the 23d day of
May, l»O4..at the hour of 10 o' clock a. m., at
the Maple room. Palace Hotel. Speakers' of
State and national reputation, j en^lncws and
drainage experts will be in attendance to ad
dre*g the convention.
Th»> disastrous floods that have occurred on
tht San Joaquin and Ka^ramrnto rivers make
it necessary that hII interests affected should
unite in some t-flfort to Improve exl»tin^ con
ditlonx. That part of th* State of California
tributary to the** rivers Is rich and fertile
and upon its prosperity must depend the pros
p«. rily of the wh.ile State.
The following call has been issued
by the California Promotion Commit
tee for the river convention to be held
in this city on May 23:-
Other Bodies .loin in Signing to Bring
About Better Conditions Along;
the Rivers. .
PROM OTION COM 31 ITTEE
fJSSUES CONVENTION CALL
Only a Small Proportion of Members
Vote at the Annual Election
Yesterday.
p i Tho University Club*, which has been
•^preatly ups^t for th«* last year by the
differenre of opinion existing among
¦ the members of th<» club regarding the
*^6ite for th«? new building, is now far
ther away than ever from a solution
"of the problem.
The existence of the club hangs in
the prales. At the election yesterday
out. of the 350 members only 65
put in votes. What the result will
b*» is a very momentous question for
the club. William Bourne was very
'"conspicuous .by his absence.
UNIVERSITY CLUB AFFAIRS
NOW HANG IN THE BALANCE
Andrew Carrigari of the firm of Dun
ham, Carrigan & Hayden is one of the
organizing officers, while George A.
Connelly and the Rev ; Father Hanni
gan of St. Mary's Cath'edral are promi
nent members of the new organization.
About twenty State delegates of the
Knights of Columbus met in annual
convention and State council yesterday
afternoon. The session was short, little
business being taken up other than
the election of new officers for the year,
the following named being: chosen:
Joseph Scott of Los Angeles, State
deputy: George A. Connell* of San
Francisco, State secretary; John Cur
rane of Oxnard, State warden; Rev.
Father Joseph McQuade, State chap
lain; J. E. McElroy of Oakland, al
ternate delegate to the national con
vention; Neal Powers, State advocate.
At the conclusion of the "election the
session was adjourned until the dele
gates met at dinner at the St. Francis
Hotel last evening. The dinner, which
was informal, was griven by the San
Francisco Council of the Knights of
Columbus to the visiting delegates.
There were thirty-five seated at the
table. Neal Powers presided. The hon
ored guest' of the. evening was Bishop
Montgomery.
A second San Francisco council of
the Knights of Columbus was organized
last Saturday afternoon. The organi
zation is one of the largest Catholic so
cieties in this city and comprises a
great many prominent clergymen and
laymen. ,\:. *
Delegates of the Knights
of Columbus Meet in Con
vention at Palace Hotel
The California State structure stands
next to. the Illinois State building, and
the Fraternal Hall and Temple Inn are
its neighbors. Not far away is tho great
Agricultural building, the largest struc
ture in>lie world, having twenty acres
under oroo roof. Directly opposite the
California, building are the Japanese
gardens. ¦ .
The. California buDuIng has a facade
100 feet long. The depth of the main
structure is 45 feet. At the back is a
lecture hall, 40x35 feet in size. The floor
plan places an assembly hall in the cen
ter. This Is heavily beamed, in the Mis
sion" style,- with trunks, of trees. Out
from the assembly hall are the men's
parlor and women's parlor. Back of the
assembly hall is the office and informa
tion bureau. On the upper floor of the
building the rooms are arranged in
suites for the accommodation- ¦ of the
commissioners, the secretary of the com
mission: and the families of the official
party, who will dwell'thereln during the
Exposition.
Every Calif ornian will wish to have a
picture of the California building at St.
Louis.
CALIFORNIA AT THE EX POSITION
A Very Pretty Art Supplement, "Cali
fornia .Building" at the St. Louis
.,.¦¦ Exposition, Free With Next
Sunday's Call.
The" Cnlifornia State building at th*e
I-ouisiana Purchase Exposition, at St.
Louis, stands on a hill, in a conspicuous
position,'' near. .the center of the Exposi
tion grouqj^ While there are many re
markable btiilciinps that will attract the
attention of millions of visitors while
the "Exposition sates are open, there is
not one that, has more intrinsic interest
than the California building.
It is a reproduction, with preat fidelity
to detail, of the famous Santa Barbara
Mission. To- make the. reproduction per
fect -the front has been chipped and
stained and grass seeds have been sown
betw'een the flagstone pavements, that
the ravages of time and the characteris
tics to the most minute 'degrees may be
presented to the spectator, who may
thereby see a vista of historical interest
exactly in accordance with the original.
The story is current that no woman
has b'2en allowed to enter the -garden of
th<? Santa ' Barbara Mission, although
there may have been a few exceptions.
At St. Louis the famous garden is en
tirely reproduced. The fountain is in the
center; the old wooden benches are imi
tated and are placed as in the Santa Bar
bara Mission garden. The same varieties
of plants that have bloomed for more
than a century for the padres of Santa
Barbara will make up the garden show
at St. 1 Louis. Superintendent McLaren
of Gold*n Gate Park has been given
charge of the collection of such plants.
Samuel -Newsom, the architect of the
building, visited Santa Barbara several
times and made a study of the garden,
as well as of the building aniTlts sur
roundings, for exposition purposes.
STATE COUNCIL
HOLDS SESSION
The management has gone to great
expense with this production and the
public may rely uron one of the most
delightful light musical productions
ever witnessed hi. San Francisco.
Miss de Filiippe will play the role of
Winifred Grey, the runaway girl, who
escaped from a convent school in
Corsica to avoid marriage to a man
she has never seen and who subse
quentlyertcounters the same man and,
unconscious of his identity, falls in
love wfth him.
Dora de FUlippe. who. in a very
brief space of time, has established
herself as a favorite with the public
of this city and has proved herself to
be a delightful vocalist j«nd an actress
of uncommon grace aYid ability, is to
have a. magnificent opportunity next
Monday night at the Tivoli, when the
famous musical comedy. "A Runaway
Girl,"' will receive its first p'roduction.
This celebrated piece has the extra
ordinary record of 600 nights at the
Gaiety Theater,. London, and 300 at
Daly's Theater. New York.
Dora de Filiippe to Take
Part in "A Runaway
Girl."
DORA DE FII.UPPE. WHO WILL
BE IN "THE RUNAWAY GIRL"
AT THE TIVOLI.
queen of the carnival closed, with Miss
Victoria Dunnells in the lead. She is
the daughter of Captain Ed Dunnells
and is one of the handsome young la
dies of the city. She received 6874
votes, to 5492 votes for Mrs. G. W. An
derson, 3392 votes for Mrs. 'Don M.
Stewart, 2924 votes for Miss Myrtle
Haslan and 633 votes for Miss Lillian
Zslvahbvich. Votes were sold for 5
cents each,, so that the. funds, of the
carnival committee might be increased.
SAN DIEGO, May 3.— Already the
hatchet and hand saw of the carpenter
are heard on the streets of San Diego
making ready for the Pythian carnival
and Panama canal jubilee, which is to
occupy the streets for most of next
week. Booths and fences for the side
shows that go to make up the street
fair are being put up, and the end of
the week will see many corners occu
pied.
w On Saturday night the contest for
Special DispRtch to The Call
Miss Victoria Dunriells of
San Diego Is Chosen
Queen.
MT_SS VICTORIA DUNNEL.LS, WHO
WILL. IBE OlIEEN OF THE CAR
NIVAL AT SAN DIEGO.
that men pass up the pipe and the
' fireside when the bonfire burns at the
corner! Yesterday the women of the
California Club knew, how it felt to be
.Jn the thick of a fight— an elective
fight, of course— a regular neck-and
neck affair, where the two sides were
solidly lined up — In perfect sisterly
. spirit, to be sure — but with an awful
determination to win.
For three months the political pot's
been boiling:, with the leaders of the
two tickets poking the embers, and
yesterday the fun was on. An emenda
• tJon her*>. however. Is necessary in the
Interests of truth— Mrs. Orr, the presl
" dectial candidate on the second ticket,
resolutely refrained from soliciting
Votes, but that's not 6aylngr that her •
friends were afflicted with the same
degree of modesty. They hustled In
tbe lobby, and extended the Jubilant
hand to the incoming members in true
campaign fashion. So did the Cotton
contingent! I>d by Mrs. Lovell White,
¦votes were policlted with all the elo
quence at the command of the former
president— who, by the way, has not
vteited the club for a year, but whose
popularity certainly had not waned
* among her former supporters.
At 2 o'clock the polls were opened, j
'At 5. when they closed, 286 votes had I
been cast, the largest number yet re
corded in the annals of the club. Of
that number three of the first ticket,
and two of the second, were straight
"I tickets, and yet every nominee on the
first ticket was elected. Now, what
Hn you think of that? Herewith is the
result— watched and waited for by a ;
hundred anxious women until 10:30 by
the town clork (what their husbands
had to gay when they got home would
be interesting! Perhaps we shall hear
next dub day):
Prwi<Jrnt. Mr*. A. R. Cotton. 160; first vice i
pr^Mdent. Dr. Dorothea Moore, 153; teeond vice
rr*>Ft<Jfrt' Mrs. A W. Scott 1H4: director* —
Mr* A W. Cornwall 1*2. Mrs. Virginia Brad
. J«?y 145 Mrs. Charles Warr*n 15*. Mr*. J. J.
Boovttte 153. Mrs. E. P. Sche>ll 162 Mrs. C. U.
liovry 2no Mrs. Horace Coffin 151, Mrs. H.
-H.-FasFMt •je2.
The vote was announced by Dr. |
Minora Kibbe. chairman of the nom
inating committee, but the result hav
ing b^n foreseen during the last hour
th*> official announcement was undra- ,
i.iatic and tame — the most interesting
feature, perhaps, being the pretty con
" pratulations extended to Mrs. Cotton
by Mrs. Orr. who proved a graceful
. loser.
The following was the committee of
election:
Chairman Dr. M. E. Kibbe; judg* Mi*s
fclizab^th J. Hill: filers- Mirs C. E. WijsKins,
Misp Charlotte Prnvrvn Mrs Fred W Bak*r.
Mi*F Arn»l:a Bllsr. Ml«s ADMc Edwards. Mrs. |
C. /:. Btjrr. Mr*. J. P. fianborn.
Besides these official personages Mrs. |
S. Mason Kibbe and Mrs. Hadwyn I
Fwain kept tally on one side of the
tearoom and Miss Mary Gorham, Mrs. i
" Poultney and Mrs. McMasters on the j
.other.
The balloting was done intelligently, |
the counting was expeditious and the !
.. day aught but a stupid one. May the 1
• administration be as successful :
''-&s the past! And it should.
By Laura Bride Powers.
Politics is fun! Small -wonder It is
Collins intimates that he will make
it interesting for Commissioner Hutton.
He says that it was an absurd propo
sition for the Commissioners to appoint
one of their number "Special Chief -of
Police," as there can be but one Chief
of Police while that officer is within
the confines of the city and county. If
the Chief had been absent from the
city they could have appointed Hutton
acting Chief or special chief, but not
Attorney George D. Collins, who is
looking after Pon's interests, learned
of the mysterious visit of the two -po
licemen early yesterday morning, and
surmising their object, warned Judge
Cabaniss that he would make himself
amenable to the higher court for con
tempt if he issued the warrants for the
arrest of the women, which was the
cause of the Judge's refusal to ifuttnn.
Collins also laid the matter before
Judge Cook and the Judge issued cita
tions for Barrv and Davids»to appear
before him this morning to sh<.-\v cause
why they should not be punished for
contempt.
JUDGE IS WARNED.
Hutton evolved a scheme to thwart
the injunction. He called a secret
meeting of the Police Commissioners
for Saturday afternoon, without in
forming Chief Wittman, who had been
served with a copy of the injunction,
and at that meeting Hutton was by
resolution appointed "Special Chief of
Police for 1129 Dupdnt street."
Armed with this authority Hutton
sent for Policemen Barry and Davids,
and acting upon his instructions they
donned civilian attire and about 2
o'clock yesterday morning climbed to
the roof of 1125 Dupont street. They
descended by means of a ladder and
climbed over fer.ces till they reached
the houses of ill fame in the rear of
Pon's restaurant. They kept them
selves from observation, as they
thought, and took notes of what they
saw.
The two officers reported the result
of their adventure to Hutton, who call
ed at the Bond and Warrant Clerk's
office yesterday morning and secured
a bunch of blank complaints and war
rants of arrest for the women inmates
of the houses in the rear of Pon's res
taurant. He filled in the complaints
and warrants and went before Police
Judge Cabaniss to have them sworn
to. Much to his chagrin and disap
pointment the Judge declined to sign
them.
EVOLVES HIS SCHEME.
Police Commisloner H. "W. Hutton
conceived and carried out a brilliant
scheme which will probably result in
two policemen being sent to jail for
contempt of court by Judge Cook.
Hutton has been taking special in
terest in the proceedings, connected
with the injunction issued by Judge
Cook to Jean Pon, proprietor of a res
taurant at 1129 Dupont street, restrain
ing the police from interfering with his
business. Chief Wittman and Captain
Duke were cited for contempt of court
in violating the injunction by the ar
rest of Jennie Davis, an Inmate of the
house of ill fame in the rear of the
restaurant. She was arrested just after
she*had left the restaurant. It was
shown that although the Chief had
been served with a copy or the injunc
tion and had notified Captain Duke
there was no proof that either of them
ordered the arrest of the woman.
Policeman George F. Barry, who ar
rested the woman, was then cited for
contempt and he was adjudged guilty
and fined $50 last Saturday, the Judge
Intimating that any further violations
of the injunction would be severely
punished. Meantime Barry and Police
man John TV. Davids had arrested Beu
lah Williams after leaving the restau
rant and they were cited for contempt,
the proceedings to be heard to-day.
Attorney Saffold then made the mo
tion for a non-suit, basing his action
orchis claim that the plaintiff had not
shown that she was in a position to
marry at the time she claimed to have
become engaged to Willingham, and
that furthermore the agreement she
is alleged to have signed acted as a
bar to her action. Judge Graham de
nied the motion after taking it under
advisement for an hour, and the trial
of the case was then resumed.
Willingham was the. first witness for
the defense. His testimony reflected
upon Mrs. Richards. At one-partic
ularly harsh statement he made the
plaintiff jumped to her feet and called
him a liar and then sank sobbing into
her chair. The court then adjourned
until this morning at 10 o'clock.
Mrs. Marie Malar and Mrs. Mary C.
Thomas, friends of the plaintiff, were
then placed on the stand. They both
testified that Mrs. Richards had told
them she was engaged to Willingham
and that they had both seen her "in
his company a number of times. Their
testimony closed the case for tho plain
tiff. ¦ ,yj<i. :-Z r X
FRIEXnS TKSTIFY.
It was at this stage of the proceed
ings that Mrs. Richards broke down
and cried. Saffold asked some rather
personal <iuestions, and the little wo
man took umbrage at them. They
aroused her ire. and she hysterically
denied that the relations between her
and Willingham were anything but
those properly^existlng between an,en
gaged couple. She was further arous
ed when S.iffold stated to the court
that Mrs. Richards had ¦ signed an
agreement waiving all claims she
might have against the defendant for
the sum of $500, and that after"" Wil
lingham had paid her $300 she had
repudiated it.
Mrs. Richards was placed on the
stand just as soon as court opened.
She was cross-examined in a vigorous
manner by Attorney Saffold, but she.
answered his questions without hesi
tancy. The onlv time she displayed
any doubt was when he questioned her
concerning the man whose # name she
bears. She could tell of their marriage,
but was not certain whether he is dead
or alive; neither was she sure that she
was ever divorced. She said she was
almost certain that she had obtained
a divorce fourteen years ago, the last
time she saw Richards. She said that
at that time she and Richards went
to an attorney's office and arranged
for a divorce, and was told then that
it was all right. After that, she said,
she never bothered her head about the
matter. She felt, she said, that she_
had been divorced and that she was
therefore free to wed again. She also
admitted telling Willingham that she
was a widow, and then, some time
later, telling him that she did not
know whether her husband was living
or dead.
The Richards-Willlngham breach of
promise suit attracted a large audi
ence to Judge Graham's courtroom
yesterday. Though the testimony was
tame and not of the spicy order evi
dently expected, the spectators were
repaid for their expense of energy In
climbing the City Hall stairs and their
long,, open-mouthed vigil by a display
of woman's tears. Mrs. Richards broke
down under cross-examination and
shed enough tears and cried loud
enough to satisfy ev^n the most mor
bid curiosity strick^h spectator in the
courtroom. She regained her self
control, however, after a few moments,
and from then on until close of court
for the afternoon, when sfte again
grew hysterical and called the defend
ant a liar, the proceedings lacked ex
citing features, except, perhaps, dur
ing the argument of a motion for a
non-suit made 'by Willingham's at
torney, when the repeated objections
of H. Digby- Johnston, the plaintiff's
knight errant, to the remarks of coun
sel, caused the / proceedings to take
on an appearance of life. Themotion
was denied by Judge Graham, and
once again was the audience cheated,
for it was expected that if the suit
had been thrown out of court the fair
plaintiff would voice her disappoint
ment in a vigorous fashion.
TELLS OF RICHARDS.
Largest Tote Ever Cast
Calls Forth Many Members
Who Only Attend Annually
Result Is Two Patrolmen
Are Cited for Contempt
and Scheme Is a Failure
Plaintiff in Damage Suit
Grows Hysterical During
Severe Cross-Examination
MRS. COTTON PRESIDENT
AVOIDS AN INJUNCTION
QUESTIONS BEING TEARS
California Club Holds Ex
citing Contest With Can
vassing Xear the Polls
Police Commissioner Gets
the Board to Secretly Ap
point Him Special Chief
Emma Richards Interrupts
Cdurt to Tell Willingham
What She Thinks of Him
WOMEN BALLOT
FOR OFFICERS
HUTTON'S BRAIN
MAKES TROUBLE
WILL BE SEEN
IN A NEW PLAY
AT THE TIVOLI
FAIR SOVEREIGN
WILL RULE AT
PYTHIAN FETE
WOMAN CALLS
WITNESS LIAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY. MAY 4, 1904.
Burnett's Extract ol Vtmllla pre
pared from " selected Vanilla Beans. '. •
Liog Cabin! "The bread with a flavor." ' Aek
you;- dealer— wholesale— 800 Dolores St. ' • "
When 111 with pains and exhaustion Parker's
Olnjrer TtinJe is your surest relief. «
Parker's Hair Baleam aids the hair growth.*
SATS HE '.WAS DECEIVED.— H. W. Faust,
who claims to have paid Philippe de Fontvlllo
$500 for copper claims ; near '• Valdez, Alaska,'
filed suit to reeoverthe money yesterday. He
says the defendant ' deceived him..
WOMAN DEMANDS DAMAGES. — Delia
Went worth, who. on October. 18, 1903. was
thrown from a Guerrero-street car. yesterday
sued the United Railroads for 15270 damages.
Going? Where? .Why, to Pattosien's
to-day. Went there last ..week and almost
finished furnishing my house. Just need
some of- that' Mission-style parlor furni
ture : to complete things. V Usually, auc
tion sales mean worn-out- stuff — this one
means only new stock. Well." good-by.
Sale begins at 11 o'clock- Sixteenth and
Mission streets. • .
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: Dyspepsia
. and other stomach trouble*
quickly relieved and in most cases
. surely cured by the use of
($ *•
This scientific eermidde is abso-
lutely harmless ; it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading phy-
# sicians. TaVe no substitute and fcee that
each bottle bears my signature. Trial »ire,
• l-OO, at drc££ is:s or by mail, from
6IOPrlocc5t. - - New York.
Send/or Bootlet Ron to Treat DUcaaci.
.rt visit DR. JORDAN'S anevri
dHUSEUH OF ANATOHY?
A CS U81UlXETET.Brt.fft*7U.S.rCtLi
\ C7*^ Tk« L*rre*t AuteaiaU Mineaa ia tke \
O i /u"_ World. Wtuinia «r tnj citrictK* Q
[2K d:Mit< r MtM '* l rrar*4MU,i l | l ini f
O /ESS S>P*u»liK»»t»tCcut. Bit. 3* j e»ri. Q
0 4I%? M " JORDAN-DISEASES IF MEN i
** t ®K?5 O»«B!tttk» free and ftrfr-tly prlnte. \
U I j£r£ Tr»»t»ent pertontJIjr *t hy Irttw. A M
i Y i, '7 *5 ft««w An la «»»rj chi oadrmken. T
A t If Hi **i far Book. PMIL«lorBT»ri
" * II II' ¦*>*!«•'• MAILBO rXMM. (XT
• " \ (i (L nlMUt fewk fcr nni) \
V DH. JOBOiH A CO.. 1051 Mftrket SU.B. P. ¥
: Pfescripfions 34,406 and 7.
GtTARABrTEED _CTBS FOB XEV.
' HAKKLEKS XVJXOTZOBT. Cures ordinary
/•jisettn a tvw days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. HO OTX£Jt THEATKEWT
SXQITXKED. Prevents and Cures Strlc-
turts. FKEVEKTS COVTAOZOV. Harm-
'less. $2.00 for both bottles^ For sale only
I r. 8. XEXJUYa nilWICT, I02 Eddjr,
; ADVERTISEMENTS* '
HANDKERCHIEF SALE
1800 DOZEN LADIES' AND MEN'S
HAND EpROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS
Ladies' Unlaundered and Demi-Laundered
Hand Embroidered Sheer Linen HAND-
KERCHIEFS, 12 different patterns,
90c per half dozen.
Ladies' Sheer Linen Hand Embroidered
HANDKERCHIEFS, both laundered and
demi-laundered, in a large Yarietu of
patterns, ;
SlioO per ii3li (lozBiit
Ladies' Initialed and Hemstitched Sheer Linen
HANDKERCHIEFS. These are in two
. dualities, all letters.
50c and 90c per half dozen.
Gents' Hemstitched and Initialed Linen Cam-
bric HANDKERCHIEFS, all letters.
90c and $1.50 per half dozen.
The above goods are from one of the
; best houses In Ireland, are warranted
pure linen, and will be on sale until
all are disposed of.
TXIsfTfcT' bPh* Orders ft y maH receive prompt attention.
1 iv/ 1 Jsw All orders for samples or goods filled
— and shipped same day they are received.
M, 113, J15, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Several styles and shapes, all good
quality Knives — the sort of quality
that makes you glad you have !t.
>*1.OO is merely my special price.
Bettei- get one HOW.
BEKTO YOT7X OLD X&AZOK to me.
I'll make you a liberal allowance on
It for a new one. I've good Razors as
low us S1.0O-
All kinds of amall cutlery, at my
usual low prices. Two bars Williams'
Shaving Soap. 15c.
lUUcARDSUfjOUt
COWtCT STYLES -AMO SIZC». AV.SO
BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL CARDS
THAT MAN PITTS
1008 Market Street- iSEft.
* 5«nFt-Bncisco
|"VanVroom"!
| DENTAL PARLORS |
H Sirni and MARKET M
I $200 Reward
For the arrest, and conviction of any on*
assaulting; members or employes of this
association or destroylns property belong-
lnx to them. ¦;
Report promptly to the Law Department.
Citizens' Alliance. . 21? Crossley bulldlac.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
CITIZENS 1 ALUA.NCB.