PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1904.
Continued on Page '• 4, . Column 3,
Chinese Disturbers Defeat a Force of
Government Troops.
' LONDON, May 27. — The Tlme'a' Fsnfwanff-
OUTBREAK OF BOXERS.
There was a violent storm In the Gulf of
Pechlli last night. A O»t of four ships passed
here at noon, going eastward.
A letter received here from a Japanese cor
respondent «ay3 the Japanese landed a regi
ment of troops at Kerr Bay northeast of
Talienwan Bay, Uaatun* Peninsula, on
May 19.
CHEFL*. May 26. — There is a rumor current
here among th^ Chinese that the Japanese are
now within teij miles of Port Arthur.
"Russian Gibraltar."
Japanese Rapidly Closing in Upon the
XEARIXG PORT ARTHUR.
PARIS, May 26. — George C. Taylor
of Llebler & Co., New York, has ar
ranged for Mme.' Rejane's American
tour- The contract Is- now signed for
twelve weeks, beginning November 8.
She will give, the principal pieces of
her repertoire, such as "Zaza," "La
Passerelle," "La Course Aux Flam
beau" and others.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1904. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
NOTED FRENCH ACTRESS
WILL TOUR AMERICA
Volcano Observes the Anniversary of
Its Death Dealing Outbreak Two
Years Aso.
NEW HAVEN.- Conn.. May 26.—
According to a letter written by a
young girl resident in the island of
Dominica, the vojfano. Mount Pelee in
.Martinique. 'on May S lastri>y a sin
gular coincidence observed the anni
v*>r5ary of the catastrophe of/"May H,
1902. when 30,000 lives were lost add
the city of St. Pierre was destroyed,
by again bursting into active eruption.
Ho mention is atid* of any loss of life.
MOUNT PELEE BURSTS
INTO ACTIVE ERUPTION-
CHICAGO. May 26. — The timely in
tervention of 8-year-old Helen Smyers
of 6750 Wabash avenue prevented a
pistol duel between her father, R. D.
Smyers. and a burglar shortly after
midnight this morning which might
have proved fatal to one or the other.
The child prevented her father from
shooting at the burglar, who had
broken into the house and was dis
covered by. Smyers.
Smyers was standing at the head of
the stairs with a revolver leveled at
the burglar, who also had a pistol
pointed at the former when Helen ap
peared, attired only in her night
gown^
"Oh, papa, don't shoot the man." she
cried, springing in front of her father
and seizing his outstretched arm. As
Smyers lowered his revolver the bur
glar turned and fled* _
Shots With Cracksman.
Springs in Front of Her Father Just
as He Is About to Exchange
LITTLE GIRL PREVEXTS
DUEL WITH A BURGLAR
CHEFU, May 27. 12:30 p. m.— It is
learned from a reliable source that the
Japanese took . Kinchou yesterday
(Thursday) and are now pursuing the
..enemy. Kinchou is thirty-two miles
north of Port Arthur..
LONDON. May 27.— The Tokio cor
respondent of the Daily Express says
It is reported unofficially that the Jap
anese have captured Kinchou and are
now attacking' Dalny. »
The Tokio correspondent of the Daily
Mall, under date of May 26. says: "Ac
cording to a reliable report, the Japan
ese occupied ;Kinchou to-day."
The ' Morning ' Post's Tokio corre
spondent says that the Japanese occu
pied Kir.chou on Thursday afternooon
and are advancing to attack the Rus
sians occupying the heights south of
the town. . .
A dispatch -to the Central News from
Tokio says the Japanese stormed and
captured the town of • Kinchou, about
thirty-two miles north of Port Arthur.
In an earlier message the Tokio cor
respondent of the Central News cabled
that Japanese spies had ascertained
that the Russians had thirty guns at
Kinchou and numerous mines and wire
entanglements at "all points where a
Japanese attack was expected.
After the occupation of Kinchou . the
This authority, while not committing him
self absolutely, strongly Intimates that the
Japanese battleship Hatsuse was destroyed by
a torpedo fired from a submarine boat. It
is now established that a submarine boat
of tb<» DrewxeweickJ type iras at Port Ar
thur before the outbreak of the war.
¦ "It Is false to assert tha*. tha Russians u«
ftoatlnr mines. They are not known In the
Russian naval service. The Japanese used
them constantly off Port Arthur, setting
numbers afloat, near the entrance. All th«
Russian mines are . anchored and the action
of the Japanese in dragging for thorn Is re
sponsible If they get afloat. Such mines are
readily discernible in daylight and are dan
cerous only at • night. The three-mile limit
Is an absurdity, as a Whltehead torpedo can
travel four miles."
8T. PETERSBURG. May 26.— A high au
thority at the Admiralty said to-day:
High Official Says Japan Alone Uses
the Floattns Kind.
RUSSIAN* MIXES ALL ANCHORED.
CHICAGO, May £6.— "Dr." Hanish, i
high priest of the "Sun Worshipers." j
was arraigned before Magistrate Chott j
Vo-day to answer to the charge of
•practicing medicine without a license *
:nade asainst him by the State Board 1
<;f Health as the result of the death*
last evening of Miss Emma Reusse, ;
v. ho went insane after a forty-day fast! ''
"Dr." Hanish has ordered his fol- i
Jocers to observe a general fast dur- •
inj; the month of June in commemora- i
tiorj of Miss Reusso's suffering and !
death. The cult will be required to
.-bstain from food as long as they can.
eeren days being the minimum 'limit.
Hirh Priest of Snn Worsbip**rs Directs
'General Abstinence in Commemo
ration of Miss Reufise's Death.
ORDERS HIS FOLLOWERS
TO FAST DURING JUXE
"The breach was widened when the
church stepped in and expelled all
'handsuppers* from the colony. For
many of these life is not worth living.
They are boycotted and will not en
dure it, being anxious to defend. their
rights. Two classes have arisen as an
aftermath of the Boer war, 'hand
suppers* being the ignominious name
of those who evaded the English dur
ing the war. and the fighting class
being termed 'iron breeches.'" *
So said S. C. L. Good of the South
African constabulary, who arrived
here to-day.
WINNIPEG. Manitoba, May 26. —
•<«ivil war in South Africa is a cer
tainty of the near future. I am sur
prised the papers have kept the mat
ter so quiet."
Two Classes Have Arisen In Transvaal
Colony As a Result of Late
Conflict.
OX THE* VERGE OF CTvTIi
WAR IX SOUTH AFRICA
: Both Count Cassini, the Russian Em
bassador, and Mr. Takahira. the Jap
anese-Minister, had interviews with
Secretary Hay to-day. Afterward
Count Cassini took luncheon with
President Roosevelt In. the White
House. . -
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. May 26.— Through Its
Embassador. In St. Petersburg and Its
Minister in Tokio the Government has
made known informally, yet definitely,
to the Russian and Japanese Govern
ments that the President is ready to
tender his good offices to bring about
peace between them at the moment
when both are willing that such steps
shall be taken.' The attitude of the
Government In this respect has been
discussed' not only In the capitals of
the belligerents, but here in Washing
ton, between Secretary Hay and the
Russian and Japanese diplomatic rep
resentatives. \
It has been made clear to the United
States, however, that neither Russia
nor. Japan Is willing to tolerate for an
Instant at this time the idea of for
eign mediation to put an end to the
war. Realizing this, the representa
tives of the United : States have not
persisted in pressing the subject, but
have contented themselves with mak
ing it plain that whenever Russia and
Japan are ready to--adjust their dif
ferences, the Government in Washing
ton is to be considered as a mutual
friend who- will act in the role of
peacemaker." It should be understood
that at no time was any direct pro
posal made by this Government's rep
resentatives. ¦
Special Dispatch to The CalL
The ¦ Dally Telegraph's Shanghai corre
spondent reports the revival of Boxerlsra In
Southern Kirangsl province, and lays th» Box
ers entrenched themselves and defeated a small
force cf Government troco*.
"The outoosta »r« keeping In touch, but
there !¦ practically no fighting. One hundred
CosMcks aseared within twenty miles of this
position on May C3. There are no slms of
Russians moving In force south of LJaoyan*.'*
chens correspondent, under' dat* ef Mar 23,
aayi:
The younger son. who is 24 years of
age. recently became enamored of
Madame Pflucker. a Peruvian, who was
sojourning at Vichy. Despite the pro
tests of his family the Viscount and the
Peruvian visited the Riviera together,
remaining at Cannes for some time.
Dr. Evans energetically protested
against his son's course and- finally cut
off his income. This brought the couple
back to Paris, where they arrived a
week ago. going to the Hotel de'.RivoiI.
At 5 o'clock on Monday evening last
a shot was heard in the chamber of the
Viscount, and when the proprietor of
the hotel reached the chamber he found
the Viscount en a bed with a wound in
his left breast. Madame Pflucker. who
was in the room, said that the Vis
count had shot himself, and although
weak from loss of blood the wounded
man seemed to confirm this statement.
Faying that the shooting took place
while he was handling a weapon.
He was taken to a private sanitarium,
where an operation was performed.
Madame Pfiucker remained constantly
at his bedside. He became unconscious
and died this morning, after which' the
police began an investigation.
, Madame Pflucker was interrogated by
the. police and later was given provi-
PARIS, May 25.— Ivon Evans, known
as Viscount d'Oyley, a eon of the Amer
ican dentist. Dr. John Evans, died to
night at a private sanitarium as the re
sult of a bullet wound received under
mysterious circumstances. The family
is prominent here. Dr. John Evans be
ing a nephew of the famous Dr. Thom
as Evans, who assisted Empress Euge
nie In her flight from Paris after the
Franco-Prussian war.
Dr. John Evans, who came from Bal
timore, received the title of Marquis
d'Oyley from the Pope, his elder son
assuming the title of Count d'Oyley
and the younger that of Viscount
d'Oyley. by which titles they were gen
erally known.
sional liberty. She bears out the theory
of suicide by showing two letters which
Viscount d'Oyley had addressed to the
authorities stating that It was his In
tention to commit suicide i owing to
family difficulties.
PARIS, May 27.— The St
Petersburg correspondent of the
Petit Pan sien telegraphs that, ac
cording to a private dispatch from
Liaoyang, General Kuroki's
army has begun an attack on the
Russian position on the Liaoyang
road, and it is believed that what
will prove to be a decisive battle
is progressing.
Friendly Services Are Informally Offered to the Bel
ligerents in the Far East.
Son of Wealthy American Dies Under Mysterious
Circumstances in the French Capital.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba. May 26. —
A Brandon freight crew had an excit
ing experience with a bull on the
Arcola branch to-day. With & rush
and a roar a heavy freight moving
around a curve had half accomplished
the distance when the engineer saw a
large bull on the track facing the lo
comotive. He whistled, but the animal
took no notice at first, but when he
slowed up it made a wild dash at the
engine.
It was over In a second, but the
force of the contact derailed the en
gine, which turned completely over,
shorn of funnel, bell and whistle, and
was deposited with terrific force in
the deep mud of the slough by the side
of the track. The bull was cut Into
small pieces. None of the train crew
were »In jured.
Loses His Life in Successful Attempt
to Hurl Giant Antagonist From
the Track.
BULL OFFERS BATTLE
TO RAILROAD ENGINE
UNITED STATES READY
TO ACT AS MEDIATOR
BULLET ENDS THE LIFE
OF VISCOUNT D'OYLEY
Japanese Storm and
Capture Kinchou
Stronghold.
This elaborate scheme is in connec- j
tion with the fight which all the rail- :
roads are making against the sale of j
tickets to scalpers and the only reason i
that it has not been applied before is !
that no system of photography has j
\>een heretofore found sufficiently
rapid to Justify its adoption.
NEW TQRK. May 26. — Tourists
within a. few months will be com
pelled to carry their photographs on
railroad tickets, if experiments which
are being made by Leslie P. Farmer,
passe'xger commissioner of the Grand
Trunk Line Association, prove success
ful. The ticket agents will then be
come photographers and before buying
fcis tourist excursion ticket each pas
tenger will sit before the camera.
Plan of Grand Trunk Line Association
to Prevent Sale of Tickets to
Scalpers.
RAILWAY PASSENGERS
MX'ST BE PHOTOGRAPHED t
LONDON, May .27.— The Shanhaikwan correspondent of the Daily Chronicle sends a report re*
ceived from Jfewchwang that on May 23, believing that the Japanese had retired from Fengwang*
cheng, 15,000 Russians from Haicheng and Liaoyang marched toward Fengwangcheng. They were
surprised by 30,000 Japanese in the Tatun'g Pass. The l^ussian casualties were 4000 and more
than IOOO Russians surrendered. The report does not state the Japanese losses.
Japanese, Feigning a Retreat From Fengwangcheng, Lead Russian Pursuers Into an
Ambush and Inflict a Crushing Defeat
KOREAN* COOLIES BEARING COMPRESSED FODDER FOR HORSES DURING THE JAPANESE ADVANCE IN MANCHURIA.
When Roberts took steps to obtain
his rights he was recommitted to an
Jnpar.e asylum, from which he escaped
last August. Attorney E. E. Weir, a
relative, took up the case and in Jan
uary, after a bitter legal contest, se
cured an order from Judge Lawill de
claring Roberts legally sane. Expert
rhys;e:aris testified that Roberts had
rever been crazy. .
• LA PORTE, Ind., May 26. — On the
eve* of coming into his share of the
estate of his father. Carol Roberts,
tjged €S years, of this city, expired sud
denly last right of heart disease while
en a Lake Shore train leaving Adrian.
Previous to 1869 Roberts was a pros
perous farmer in Lewanee County,
Mich., but through the connivance of
.relatives he was declared insane and
tent to the Kalamazoo Insane Asylum.
After an incarceration of eight years
h» was released, to find his own prop
erty swept away. His father had died,
.leaving a large estate, which had been
taken from him.
Jitter Securing His Release He
Expires Suddenly.
Relatixes Rob Him of ILL* Estate and
I'ARMOt IS RAILROADED
TO AN* INSANE ASYLUM
CATE HATT1EN, May 26.— A serious
battle was fought to-d:iy between the
J^orr.inican Hoops and the revolution
ists at Esperanra, on the road from
Jlonte Ohristi to Santiago, near Man
gos. The revolutionists were victori
ous. Many were killed and wounded
on t>6lh Fides.
Genial R?.ou! Cabrera. Minister of
"U"ar. who commanded the Government
troops, was killed and his body taken
U> Navarette.
The revolutionists are before Nav
arette. wh?re another battle will be
fought.
The Government troops ar» waiting
for reinforcements. The United fc-tates
•* ruiser Detroit and the cunboat New
t>"rt are off ktante <*hristi.
The robber is described as of dark
complexion, above the average height,
rather slim and quick and wiry. His
hat was pulled over his eyes. He
was attired in overalls and shirt and
did not -wear a coat. The officials of
the bank will not disclose the probable
amount taken until they have made a
careful examination.
The robber Jumped from the cart
just below Auburn and took to the
hills west of town. The Sheriff, with
deputies and many citizens, is on a
hot- chase after the fugitive.
DESCRIPTION' OP ROBBER.
The bank official -was alone in tha
main office. D. W. Lubeck. the vice
president, was in an adjoining room,
but heard nothing until a pistal was
fired. The robber had leaped through
the brass rail door fronting the en
trance, then over the counter, and had
flred pointblank at McFadyen. who
was then near the large steel vault.
The bandit's markmanship was bad,
for the bullet flattened against the
steel door.
Waiting only to grab all the gold
and silver he could lay hi3 hands on,
the robber started for the entrance
and met Cashier A. L. Smith, who was
Just returning: with the bank's mall.
Smith hurried to the back part of the
building for his rifle, but the stranger
fled through the front door, and,
jumping into a farmer's cart, dashed
down Main street, turning the corner
into the road that leads to Newcastle.
Druggist Fred Stevens took a shot at
the fleeing robber, but probably did
not wound him. •
The Placer County Bank is located
on one of the main thoroughfares of
Lower Auburn and in the center of
the business section.
Shortly after 3 o'clock a stranger,
wearing blue goggles and a false beard
that covered nearly his entire face.
entered" the front door of the building:
and tendered the assistant cash'er,
Edgar McFadyen, a paper demanding
forthwith all the funds on hand.
BUTXET STRIKES VAULT.
AUBURN. May 26. — A bold bank
robbery took place in this city at 3
o'clock this afternoon and to-night of
ficers are scouring the neighboring
hills in an effort to capture the
criminal.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Officers and Citizens Search the Hilb
in an Effort to Capture the
Money-Laden Fugitive. .
ReToluncnists Will Follow Dp Their
• Advantage and Another Fight
Is Certain.
Minister of War Cabrera
Among Those Killed Dur
ing the Action.
Disguised Stranger Fires
to Kill, Gathers Gold
and Escapes.
Government Army Is
Defeated in
Battle,
Astounding Robbery
Committed in
Auburn.
DOMINICAN
REBELS ARE
VICTORIOUS
DESPERADO
FLEES WITH
BANK'S COIN
SLAVS LOSE FOUR THOUSAND MEN
IN AN AMBUSCADE IN TATUNG PASS
OYlUME XCV— XO. 179.
I . THE THCATCB9.
Alcazar— "A Possible Case."
California — "When We Were
Twenty-One."
Central — "A Great Temptation."
Columbia — "Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Grand — "Pedora." !
O rph nun — VaucI erille.
TivoU — "A Bunaway Girl.'*
The San Francisco Call
Torejcast rnafie at Cxa rraa
d«co for thirt7 t lxour« ending
xnifisisrfct. Kiy 27: *
Saa Francisco asd vicinity —
Talr Friday; lirtt aorttweit
wind. G. H. WIZASOW.
Local Forecaster.
Temporarily in Charge.
TEC WEATHER.WANTS DEED SET ASIDE.— Bridget Nevln
filed a suit yesterday to set aside a deed to
property made in November. 190"_\ by Thomas
Nevln. her late brother. She says the deed
wm obtained by her sister, Honora Nevln and
the latter's daughter Catherine by misrepre
sentation. I
State Examiners Purchase Bonds.
SACttAMENTO, May 20. — The State Board
of Examiners ' to-day purchased $25,000 worth
of the high school 5 per cent serial bonds of
the Porterville district. - .'•.¦.
SAN BERDARDINO, May 26. — A
force of about a 1 hundred men arrived
here yesterday to begin construction ok
the Y that is to connect the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe railways at this
point for the accommodation of the
Salt Lake road, which is coming into
San Bernardino.
Construction Work to Proceed.
COAL FIELDS FOUND
NEAR PORT ANGELES
Deposits Discovered on the Shore of
the Strait of Fuca Reported
Valuable.
' TACOMA. May 26.— Newly discovered coal
fields covering a strip of territory flfteen miles
in extent alonr the Straits of Fuca, in the
neighborhood of Port Anseles. have Just been
systematically Investigated by Forest Me-
Conlhe cf T»com» and others. It is probable
that actH'e development work will soon begin.
The coal is of p remi-bltumlnous character
and of excellent quality.
ELECTRICITY CAUSES
AN EMPLOYE'S DEATH
Young Man Touches Live Wires Be
hind a Switchboard and
Loses Life.
EANTA C1ARA, May 26.— William M. Tre-
Fcr/.ns, aged 25 yearr, and employed at the
Santa Clara municipal works, came into con
tact with live • wires at the back of the
tiwltchboard in the power-house and was
killed this afternoon. No one was present at
the time to aid him. He had resided with his
parents In College Park for a number of years.
VESSEL MAKES RECORD
• -f BY CATCH OF HALIBUT
Steamer New England Has a Remark
ably Successful Day Off Cape
C( v nr n> C*
VANCOUVER. B. C, May 2C— The largest
catch of halibut for a single day's fishing
ever made by any vessel In the- world fell to
the lot of the steamer New . Kncfend, Captain
Freeman, early this week. Off Cape George
Uixon Entrance, the New England in one day
caught 100.000 pounds of halibut, thus bea**"
Ing all previous records. The New Kncland
reached port to-day.
SANTA CRUZ, May 26.— William Henry, an
employe of the California Powder Works, was
killed by electricity to-day. Henry was sent
to clear a path up the hill from the powder
works to the county road. At noon several
men saw sparks flying and went to the scene.
Thty found Henry dead.
Laborer at the . California Powder
Works, Near Santa Cruz,
Meets Deatli.
SPARKS ON HILLSIDE
WELL OF THE TRAGEDY
TACOMA, Wash., May 26.— La.st
. Monday Peter Clay, a veteran of th<?
Civil War, was admitted to the Wash
ir.eton State Soldiers' Home at Orting.
. While setting acquainted with the
• other inmates of the home he met John
Clay, and later it. developed that they
• we're brothers. They had not met in
forty-nine years. Separated in early
Jife, both had enlisted early in the
: €0's.and neither knew the whereabouts
of the other until circumstances
brought them together at the Soldiers'
Home. ¦ . . i"v?
Meet After Years of So|>arallon.
TACOMA. May 26.— Henry C. Foote, a
prominent Tacoma business man, shot himself
through t*e head with a revolver on the
county road two miles from ChehaJLs last
evening. The discovery of the body to-day
created jrrent surprise. Foote' b business af-
Xairs were in rood shape, although he had
been suffering from d«-«;x>ndt>ncy. His wife
went Kast a year aga. and did not return.
Foote wu 37 years old.
Resident of Tacoma Uses a Revolver
to Rid His Mind of
Trouble.
DESPONDENT MAN ENDS
ins LIFE ON A ROAD
from. Meadows, in the northern part of Wash
ington County, Indicates that place has been
wiped out by fire. A meesugre announced there
was a bad tire ragins this afternoon. Soon af
terward the telephone line went down and no
further information can be secured.
Telephone Wires Go Down Soon After
Message Is Sent Out Reporting
u Bier Fire.
BOISE. Idaho, May 26. — News received here
FEAR FOR THE SAFETY
OF SMALL IDAHO TOWN
TACOMA. May 20. — Work on a flying ma
<«:rt now being constructed at Clarkston by
l^rit Officer W'nslow of the steamer Spokane
will be completed for a trial trip in two weeks.
Winslow states that the first trial will be
made from an elevated point in Clarkston,
and if the trip is as successful as is ex-,
pected a second trip will be mad* from a
prominent point on a hill across the Clear
water River and the machine will be landed
in Clarkstot^
Aerial Vessel Being Constructed in
Watiliington to Start From
Elevated Point.
NAUTICAL MAN PLANS
MACHINE THAT MAY FLY
RENO. Nevada, May 26. — Fifteen employes
of the San Francisco Construction Company,
engaged in the building of the Government
canul at Salvia. at noon to-day crowded upon
a temporary suspension bridge across the
Truckc-e River, which Bagged below the water,
precipitating them in the stream. One man,
a Swede, name unknown, was drowned and
the others narrowly escaped. The bedy haa
not yet been recovered. . .
Fifteen Men Overload a Structure
Over the Truck ee and One is
Drowned.
CANAL BUILDERS FALL
FROM BRIDGE TO RIVER
Mosher uttered some curses in his ef
forts to get the dog to so back, which
the owner of the animal resented.
Kneeling on the ground, Shaufner
took careful aim at the retreating man
and fired, hitting Mosher in the abdo
men.
Both men are cowboys.
Montana Cowboy Stops a Bullet Be
cause lie Cursed a Neighbor's
Canine.
CHESTER. Mont., . May 26. — As a
result of alleged Insulting language to
a dog, Frank Mosher was shot by
Lester Shaufner on the latter's ranch
near here yesterday.
Mosher had been 'to the Shaufner
ranch on business and as he started
away Shaufner's dog followed him.
INSULT TO A DOG
CAUSES A SHOOTING
HONOLULU, May £6. — The decision of the
New York Federal Circuit Court in sustain
ing the api>ea.l of Honolulu importers from
the ruling of Collector of Customs Stackable
cf this district, and upholding their conten
tion that sake is betr, and not wine, also
sustains a larse number of claims, aggregat
ing $4OO,«XK> to 1500.000 against the Federal
Government. The decision means that all
duties overpaid on Bake, as winc\ importa
tions, since the appeal was made two years
aso will be returned to the importers.
Wine 31 list Be Returned.
Erroneous *Ruling Tliat It Was
Duties Collected on Sake Under an
IMPORTERS V ILL RECOVER.
FROM THE GOVERNMENT
VAL.L.EJO. May 2'5.— St. Vincent's Convent
School of this city held commencement exer
cises at Farragut Theater to-night and con
ferred graduating honors upon Misses Kather
ine Flynn. Anna Horan. Mary McKeague and
Florence Miller. St. Vincent's School was in
stituted in 1S70.
Convent Commencement.
SAN JOSE, May 26. — August Nelson, a
cripple, has applied to Chief of Police Carroll
for protection from a man named De Bing,
who, he says. Is a professional beggar. For
over nine years, by threats anJ cuffs, De Bing
says Nelson compelled the cripple to txtr for
him on the streets and give him every cent
received.
Cripple Wants Police Protection.
SAN DIEGO, May 26. — E. H. Rollins
& Sons, bankers of Boston, Chicago,
Denver and San Francisco, who were
successful bidders for the sewer and
water bonds of this city, have found
such ready sale for the securities that
they have written to Mayor Frary ask
ing for delivery now.
Find Ready Sale for the Bonds.
SAN BERNARDINO, May 26. — A
large number of date palms passed
through Colton to-day bound for Mec
ca on the desert. They were import
ed from the Sahara Desert by B. G.
Johnson, a rancher, whose place is
out on the desert, about twelve miles
east of Indio. arid who was the first
to suggest the practicability of date
culture in the arid portion of this sec
tion.
Will Plant Date Palms on Desert.
SAN BERNARDINO. May 26. — Francis
Perdew has been compelled to make an as
signment to his creditors, the total of his
liabilities being estimated at £1200. He was
one of the leading wallpaper and paint deal
ers of San Bernardino. The cause of his fail
ure is attributed to inability to collect out
standing indebtedness.
San Bernardino Merchant Fails.
SANTA CRUZ, May 25. -- The Hon. Jo
D; Sproul of Chlco, district deputy grand ex
alted ruler, was here last night and installed
the ¦officers of Santa Cruz Lodge No $24,
}«. P. O. E. /The officers Installed were:
Exalted ruler.. B. K. Knight; esteemed loyal
knight, Charles M. Cassln; enteemed lecturing
knight, F. \V. Rupert: secretary, TV. C. Hoff
mann; treasurer, H. E. Irish; trustee, A. A.
Morey; esquire, C. \V. Hammer; chaplain, J.
1'. Twist: inner guard, J. R. Williamson;
organist, J. D. Enrlght. /
Santa Cruz Elks Installed.
i Land of the Midnight Sun, Glaciers,
Volcanoes and a thousand islands en
route. Inside passage. Seasickness un
known. The palatial excursion steamer
Spokane will leave Seattle. 9 a. m., June
7. 21. July 6, 19. Aug. 2, 16. For infor
mation, apply to Pacific Coast S. S. Co.'s
offices, 4 New Montgomery st. (Palace
Hotel) and 10 Market st. C. D. Dunann,
Gen. Pass. Agt., San Francisco. •
Alaska Excursions Season 190 1.
STOCKTON, - May 26.— A well-dressed
stranger, having gray hair and mustache, com
mitted suicide to-day at the Fountain lodging
house. He came to the place last night and
took a room. ' His name could not be learned.
Mystery Surrounds the Suicide of an
Elderly Man in a Lodging-
House.
WELL DRESSED STRANGER
ENDS LIFE IN STOCKTON
Governor Pardee has said the man will
have to serve out his term In the California
penitentiary, and at the end of that time the
Nevada officers will have an opportunity to
take him Into custody.
SACRAMENTO. May 26.— A letter hat been
received by Governor Pardet from Benjamin
Sanders, District Attorney of Lincoln County,
Nevada, asking: him to pardon John Hancock
from the San Quentln Prison, where he is
serving a four-years' term for burglary. His
time will net expire until the 1st of June of
next year. Haneoclt is wanted for having
murdered Dr. George Engelke, a veterinary
surgeon, and a man named Joe (or Pete)
Kdmiston.
Nevada District Attorney Seeks to
Have Burglar Pardoned to Begin
Murder Case.
PRISONER MUST SERVE
FIRST IN CALIFORNIA
SAN DIEGO. May 26. — Unless new
officers are ordered soon to Fort Rose
crans the place will be almost depleted
and by August will be in command of
First Lieutenant Ryan. Colonel Pat
terson has' been ordered to the Presidio,
the Thirteenth company has been or
dered to Fort Worden, "Washington;
Captain Fleming has been ordered to
Fort Totten, N. Y., and First Lieuten
ant McBrlde has been ordered to For
tress Monroe. When these go Second
Lieutenant McBride will be the only
company officer left with First Lieu
tenant Ryan, the post adjutant.
Few Officers at Fort Rosecrans.
PORTLAND. Or.. May 26. — A. L.
Craig, general passenger agent, and a
party of officials of the Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Company returned
here yesterday after a two weeks' trip
through the agricultural districts of
Oregon and Washington. Craig re
ports that unless some blighting influ
ence Intervenes between now and har
vest time big crops of wheat and fruit
will be gathered in Oregon and Wash
ington. He says that the grain crop
will be especially large and of unusual
excellence in quality. The labor prob
lem, according to Craig, is a serious
one and may, in some districts, greatly
hamper the work of caring for and
gathering the crops.
Railroad Official Who Toured the Two
States Says the Grain Output Will
Be Unusually Large.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON
CROPS IN GOOD CONDITION
TACOMA, May 26.— William Hansen of San
Francisco, chief owner of the Tacoma Mill
Company, who is here, says that lumbermen
must quickly arrange some kind of combina
tion to control both the prices of lumber and
logs It there is to be any material improve
ment in market conditions. He finds the
present status of the lumber trade unsatis
factory. His mills are runuins at only about
half their capacity and the bij? St. Paul mills
here are not operating atnlcht.
Hansen contemplates closing down entirely
for sixty days and will decide the matter this
week. He declares that sales are not light,
but. that lumbermen cannot afford to pay so
much for loss and sell lumber at present
prices. Logs on Grays Harbor and the Colum
bia River are costing $1 less than on Puget
Sound.
Sound Trade Declares Combina
tion Is Necessary.
San Franciscan Engaged in Puget
LUMBER PRICES FALL
AND ALARM MILL OWNERS
TiFPitch to The Call.
BAN MIGUEL. May 26.— The Central ;
Coa-t Counties A?sociation convened;
here to-day. President S. R. Canfield
of San Juan presided and delivered his
annual address, which teemed with
vord<= of cHeer for promotion work in
the central coast section. By his report
it » as' shown that thousands of letters
ha*d been received from Eastern people,
and many thousands of pieces of liter- I
ature had been sent in response to In- j
quiries. !
Secretary I. B. McMahi'.l of San Jose j
rendered an annual report, showing the |
a-sociation to be in a healthy financial j
condition and the vast extent of work .
being carried on for the promotion of;
The interests of the section. S. R. can- ,
field as chairman of the committee on
C&sdno Heal, re-ported upon work In :
behalf of the State highway in this sec-
The renort of the committee on cre
dentials 'showed the following repre
s-enuuives 'present:
Eu Jcse-Pau! fhour. I- B. McMahi'.l San- ,
tu <-1a:a-A. F. Killam. Salinas— I. M. Kmff.
Bants Cruz- I'uncan BlcPbmoo. *an Juan— !
£ R Candid. BflBWfHE. B.^ L*h«ui. Tem-
IK-nry. *an Luis Oblspo-I>r. McCury E- ¦ ;
8K2 Bon. H?in« M. John. A. F. gMTO :
aid. Sar. Ufcoel-C. A. Black. V.. A. \\ ilmar, i
1.. IV Mahon.y. Dr. L. D. Murphy. Paso ;
HUM.-*— AKx CTetater. D.- Sr*->tr. h.. M. Ben
nett I'au! POster. Wilbur Brown. C. O. Bick- j
beU. Mountain Vl*w — C. A. Clark.
LUNCH AT A RIVER.
At noon the delegates were taken by
q local committee to the banks of the
Nacirr.iento River, where lunch was
served. Congressmen Needham of Mo- •
desto and Daniels of Riverside were
•present uj>on invitation and were
driven .over the Nacimiento ranch, the
proposed Government military camp.
They addressed the gathering during
the lunch hour upon the action of Con- !
Kress concerning military sites. Con
gressman N'eedham expressed himself
as being favorably impressed with this
section of the State.
Captain Daniels referred to the Xaci
miento ranch in glowing terms as a
military site; not that there may not be
other places as good, he said, but that
conditions were favorable, so far as he
was able to judjre from his military
experience, as a site for the great camp ;
the Government had proposed to estab- ¦
Heh. In his judgment the topography. I
Water supply and sanitary conditions i
were good. To-morrow the Congress- j
men will be shown over the J. H. Henry
ranch.
The following officers were elected:
Duncan McPh^rfon of Santa Ornz. r>ro*rtd«it:
V>r. MoOury. San J.uiB Ohi*po. n>rt vire pres- i
Ident; L. Vf. lettenuti. Han BenUo, *eeret&r> ; !
liank of San Mat**.), treasurer; 1. M. Kinjc, ;
istfunt secretary. Member* of board of con- i
trol— L T. IJ^hrens San Mat^ County: R. \
P. Ijithrop. Pan Ucnlto County; R. B. Roll, j
tanta Clara County; C W. Hammar, Santa ]
Cruz County: J- H. McDougall. Monterey Coun. i
ly: W. A. Wi'.mar. San Luis Obispo County;
I. B. McMahill, Paul Sfcoup. vice presidents:
r.t !arze.
VISITORS AT TABLE.
To-night the ladies of San Miguel
gave a banquet to the visitors and
members. R. L. Perry presided as
toastmaEttr and the following ad
dresses were made:
••JJrowtl* of Psft Year on Coast Line," Pan]
Fhoup, district freight and passenger agent.
' <VaFf lln<». Fouth^rn Pacific Railroad; "San
>>lrur !. It?' Environment and Its Future Pofs-I
bilitlet." C. A. Ulack. chairman executive com
mittee San Miffurl Improvement Club; "The
• New Sar.ta Cruz." C. W. Hammar, secretary
Ssrta Cruz Eour<i of Trade; "Co-operation in
Promotion Work," S. D. Merk; "The California
Promotion Committee and What It» Work
Mean* to Our Section of California." R. P.
Lathrop member of California Promotion Com
mit t+r ior mix counties; "The Pret-s, the Real
Advance Aprnt of Improvement." the Hon.
Varrrn 51. John, member of Pan Luis Ob1?po
bounty Board of Trade; '"Our Ne«!y Elected
President." S. R. CanneM, San Juan Valley
Improvement Club; "Educational Feature of
'•<>-oprratir.n," Rev. E. A. McGowan. San
MiKU^U-^Aie We to T**> Behind Our Sister Se<»
¦tirins cf CaMfcrnia in Promotion Work In I'ni
f\iiur ftur Sources of t-ti*n;th In Unending O
nperarion?" J. R. MrMahill. i»<vcretary San Jose
Chamber of Commerce.
"I first got acquainted with the girl,"
said the doctor, ""ythree years a^o,
when I was called to attend her in my
capacity as a physician. She was then
very ill with the grip. She told me that
she was a music teacher, but she ap
peared to be poor, and I had a great
deal of sympathy for her. After she
got better she continued to call at my
"After a time she told me that she
was in trouble and asked me to help
her. Finally, with the aid of a prom
inent woman here in the city, we man
aged to send the girl away to New
Jersey, where her shame would be
known only to strangers. It was then
that I received the first intimation of
the dastardly plot that they intended
to work on me. I always addressed
her as 'My dear girl,' but that is the
way I always address my friends. I
received a letter from her stating that
if I did not immediately pay her $5000
she would expose me and declare me
the father of her child. At that time
my wife was seriously ill, and I feared
for her in case there was any trouble.
I finally gave her the money.
"The next time I heard from her she
made another demand for $5000 and I
refused her. Then she started for
Butte and said that she was going to
take a room in a hotel here and kill
the child and herself and leave a note
connecting me with the affair. At that
time my wife was at the point oi
death and I was nearly distracted. I
agreed to give her the $5000 if she
would sign an agreement to release me
from all claims in the future. She
signed the agreement and I gave her
the money, but a short time I ago 1
received a communication from her
lawyer demanding $15,000 from me on
her behalf."
BUTTE, Mont., May 2b'.— With a de
termination to clear a name that has
been unsullied. Dr. O. B. Whitford left
Butte this afternoon for Los Angeles,
where he will prosecute Bessie Dris
eoll, a former Butte girl, for black
mail. For years he has suffered from
the persecutions of the girl, he de
clares, and now, despite the notoriety
he is gaining, he will publicly appear
in court against her.
According to Whitford, the trouble
began after he had effected the sale
of a half-million dollars' worth of min;
ing property to an Eastern company,
Bessie Driseoll, a well-known woman
in Butte, and a mysterious man con
spiring to get hold of some of his
wealth. Dr. Whitford characterizes
the acts of the girl as the basest in
gratitude.
Bpc?ial Dispatch to The Call
TUCSON, Ariz., May 26.— The town
of Nogales^ on the international line,
was the scene of a brutal murder to
day, and a mob from the Mexican side
might have dealt with the perpetrator
of the deed severely but for the timely
interference of M. Mascarenas, the
Mexican Consul. .
Arturo Castelan, whose father is the
Federal Judge of Nogales, Sonora, was
shot dead by Joseph Larkin while he
and a number of boys were stealing
green fruit from the orchard of Cap
tain Noon, chairman of the Santa Cruz
County Supervisors. Larkin was guard
ing the orchard and opened -fire on the
boys, three bullets from his rifle pass
ing through the body of young Caste
lan. Captain Noon, who heard the
shots, rushed to the scene and covered
Larkin with a six-shooter until the of
ficers could be summoned.
Larkin was thrown in jail on the
American side, and the Coroner would
have held an inquest but for the pro
test of the Mexican Consul, who wants
to summon additional evidence that the
deed may be firmly fixed upon Larkin.
He will ask that the man be given a
speedy trial, as the Mexicans >. are ac
customed to dealing out swift justice
in cases of this kind, and the friends of
Castelan are very bitter.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
LOS ANGELES, May 26. — As a re
sult of a brawl at the Nevada stables,
642 Broadway, this city, early to-day t
Leslie Dickinson, night foreman of the
stables, is" at the Receiving Hospital,
dangerously wounded, and Police Ser
geant Lon Harris is suffering from
injuries from a beating at the hands of
three or four .men; sustained in trying
to quell the disturbance.
Policeman Sam McKenzie fired the
shot which struck Dickinson. The
bullet entered -the fleshy part of the
thigh, making a serious wound. Three
others who participated in the melee
and were injured slightly are under
arrest.
The conference to-day, upon the mo
tion of Dr. Buckley, reconsidered its
aetfbn by which it adopted the report
of the Book Concern committee yes
terday, in order to enlarge the commis
sion which is to formulate a plan for
the unification of the Book Concerns.
This commission, as finally constituted
by to-day's action, comprises fifteen
instead of seven members as originally
provided for. Six are to be ministers,
six laymen and three bishops, and the
entire commission is to be appointed
by the Board of Bishops. It is thought
that the conference will have prac
tically finished its business by Satur
day night and that final adjournment
can, be taken early Monday morning.
All of the reigning Bishops of the
church, with the exception of Bishop
McCabe, together with twenty-two
elders, who acted as presenters, were
present on the platform. Following
are the names of those, consecrated:
Bishops Joseph F. Berry, Henry Spell
meyer, William F. McDowell, William
Burt, James W. Bashford, Luther B.
Wilson, Thomas B. Neely and Mis
sionary Bishops Isaiah B. Scott, Wil
liam R. Oldham, John E. Robinson
and Merriam C. Harris.
At the day session of the General
Conference occurred the election of the
General Conference officers, including
publishing agents, secretaries and as
sistant secretaries of the various so
cieties. In several cases the first bal
lot failed to show an ejection and a sec
ond one was taken, the restflt of which
will not be announced until to-morrow
morning. The following were elected:
Homer Eaton and G. P. Mains, pub
lishing agents, New York; H. C. Jen
nings and E. R. Graham, publishing
Agents, Cincinnati; A. B. Leonard, sec
retary of the Missionary Society; J. M.
King, secretary of the Board erf Church
Extension; M. C. B. Mason and W. T.
Therkield, secretaries Freedmen's Aid
and Southern Education Society; Rob
ert Forbes, assistant secretary of the
Chvrch Extension Society.
There were numerous candidates for
secretary of the Sunday School Union
and Tract Society, of the Board of Ed
ucation and of the Epworth League,
but the result of the balloting is not
yet known.
LOS ANGELES, May 26.— The most
impressive ceremony in tlie Methodist
ritual was performed to-night at the
pavilion when the eleven new elected
Bishops were consecrated.
It was the greatest number of
Bishops ever consecrated at any one
time in the history of the church. In
fact, but a total of fifteen new Method
ist Bishops have been chosen within
the past quarter of a century. The
largest number consecrated on any
previous single occasion was at
Brooklyn in 1872, when seven were
ordained.
Officers Are Elected and
the Ladies of the Pret
ty Mission Town Give a
Banquet to the Visitors
CONGRESSMEN SPEAK
TO THE MEMBERS
The city is decorated handsomely,
business houses and private residence*
alike having been adorned with the
carnival colors. During the afternoon
Queen Isabel and her maids of honor
were driven about the city to view
the decorations. The Veteran Fire
men of San Francisco came on the
evening 1 train and were the ffuests of
the Queen at a reception. The floral
parade will take place to-morrow.
The crown was placed on her Ma
jesty's head by Mayor T. S. Merchant
and the keys of the city were turned
over to the Queen. Clarence F. Lea,
a prominent attorney of Sonoma
County, made an eloquent address
after the coronation.
SANTA ROSA. May 26. — Before a
vast concourse of people the floral
crown was placed on the brow of
Queen Isabel this afternoon. The
maids of honor in attendance upon
the sovereign were Miss Letitia Kid
dle of Santa Rosa, Miss Jennie Burger
of Healdsburg. Miss Ethel Healy of
Petaluma. Miss MiMred Martin of
Geyserville, Miss Margaret Menihan of
Cloverdale and Miss Mary L. McCowen
of Ukiah.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Timely Interference of a
Consul Prevents Action by
a Mob in Town of Nogales
Effort to Quell a Disturb
ance Results Disastrously
ior a Municipal Officer
Delegates Dispose of Their
Work Kapidly and May
Take Adjournment Monday
Aged Physician Admits That
• He Paid Young Woman
$10,000 as "Hush Money"
ELECTION OF AGENTS
COMING TO CALIFORNIA
BULLET STOPS COMBAT
PORTLAND, Or., May 26.— On a war
rant sworn to by United States District
Attorney John H. Hall. Lee M. Travis,
a prominent "young Eugene attorney,
was arrested this afternoon charged
with pension frauds. That Travis is a
Philippine veteran and has recently
made application to the pension bureau
on his own behalf adds to the interest
taken in his arrest. "When arrested' this
afternoon by Deputy United States
Marshal Proebstel, Travis said:
"I am greatly surprised at my arrest
and cannot account for it. I have been
instrumental in securing several pen-i
sions recently, and also applied for a
pension for myself on account of Phil
ippine war service, but everything has
been absolutely regular." .
The charge against Travis is similar
to that preferred against T. A. Wood
and Hosea Wood in the indictment re
turned against them by the last Fed
eral Grand Jury, but it differs in one
respect — Travis must answer to the
charge of "transmitting to the Commis
sioner of Pensions false and forged
writings and affidavits, knowing the
same to be false and forged, in support
of a pension claim for himself."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Transmission of Forged Af
fidavits Among the Allega
tions Against the Attorney
DENIAL OF ACCUSATION
Sovereign and Maids of Hon
or Drive Throngh Streets
Radiant With Decorations
CROWD AT CEREMONIES
SONOKANS INDIGNANT
Dr. Whitford of Butte Will
Publicly Appear as Prose
cutor of Bessie Driseoll
Son of a Mexican Federal
Judge Shot While He
Is Stealing Green Fruit
Prominent Young Lawyer
in Oregon Is Arrested on
a Government Warrant
Her Majesty Isabel Is En
throned at the Floral
Festival in Santa Rosa
Solemn Service at the Eleva
tion of Methodist Clergy
men in Southern California
Police Sergeant and Foreman
of a Los^Angeles Establish
ment Among the Injured
ACCUSES GIRL
OF INGRATITUDE
ORCHARD GUARD
KILLS A YOUTH
PENSION FRAUD
IS THE CHARGE
MAYOR CROWNS
A FAIR RULER
MEN BATTLE
IN A STABLE
Convention of Central Coast
Association Opens at San
Miguel and Interesting Re
ports on Promotions Read
COUNTIES
REJOICE IN
PROSPERITY
NEW PRELATES
CONSECRATED
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 190*.-
2
FREE TO CLASSIFIED AD-
VERTISERS
IS SUNDAY EDITION.
Like Our Circulation, These
Premiums Are High-Class.
The SUNDAY CALL has over
85,000 circulation, principally
in the homes; a QUANTITY
and QUALITY that ASSURES
ACTUAL RESULT.. V:- V*v*;
WANT ADS.
Gifts given to-day for Sunday
ADVXBTISEMENTS.
"Chas. Keilus & Co.
¦ E ;•: c I u s i v ie
" lisgh-Grade CJothiers
No Branch Etores. No Ageotc.
NEARER AND NEARER
DO CUR SMART GARMENTS
TCHJCH PERFECTION.
CONTINUALLY TRYING
TO MASTER THE ART.
FIT YOU IMMEDIATELY
AND DO IT WELL.
Kearny Street
T b u r i o w Block
'^^^^^^^K' entire stock of boys' wash suits right i^^^^^^^^Si®
"-Siiiii^ A^ e su^ s * iave k een P'aced on y^^^^^^j^^
' Cii^b^^m v , '• o ur sale counters, marked at two '
( The suits which formerly sold for /^^ :^^^^^^|%^^v
l^?X^^^m^^^^ } $2.00, $1.75 and $\.S0 will be closed /%^j^l|^p' ||fS^
m^t^^m^m,' The suits are made in sailor suits y ,^^ :^y
', for boys from 3 to 14, as pictured on
&Bi§m SSI!! * he nght and in Russian blouse suits
V Sggj &p| % JA^ for boys from 2 l A to 6, as pictured on Iff&jtf W$$w'
l^^i talllL The suits which formerly sold at -k^M^
$m&& %$mmk '$3 TO $3 00 and $2 £0 will be rinsed k P-ki^§ %&&M?1
Iff Wi They comprise sailor suits ages 3 Mf, V^v-
f, >Mf $&Mh&: to 14,arid Russian blouses ages 25^ to 6. J&M lil^
%MW > All the suits are new stock. Fur- /^ff^^c^^^
*i^ thermore, they are clean and bright.
We will guarantee the colors in all these garments. They have been actually reduced,
When a store of our standing makes an assertion you can count on what we say.
Up to-date no store has offered anywhere near these values in wash goods.
- ,. At these prices you ought to buv your boy at least three suits.
The sale will last till the goods are gone, but the early comers get the cream of the
, assortment. ; ;'¦ - ' '
Books Free £l • xj \M(\ f| ffc V ffri F Mail Orders
Any boy whose pare?iis patronize vrj**/ vft/ 4^/ H \JJ J fail orders filled for any of these
our store is entitled to free meihber ship * • - ¦ . goods. Write to-day. Address DepL
, in our American Boys' Library. rl ' 740 Market Street L.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALCOHOL STOVES.If you have hard luck crush it
. ROME. May 2tt.— It Is learned that the Pope
has decided, should events necessitate the res
ignation of Cardinal Merry del Val as Papal
Secretary of State, that- his successor will be
Cardinal Vlm-«nzo Vannutclll. who win con
tinue the same- polioy as that carried out by*
the Incumbent. » " -
CARDINAL VANNUTELLI
MAY SUCCEED DEL VAL
ALLEGES BREACH OF CONTRACT.— Pat
rlcio Marlscano.: owner of a salt marsh in'Ala
meda. r.ued th? Amalgamated Salt Company
yesterday for $11,000 damages for breach of
contract and for $4C0f» which he alleges is due
tlm as dividends on- 20. 000 shares of -stock In
Cie corporation.. He says the defendant dam
aged him. by Its failure to. carry out its agree
ment: to.' purchase salt from "him, and that It
has ¦ never paid him th«- dividends upon the
stock ' given him at the time the arreement
was made. -
CHICAGO, May 26.— The will of the late
Andrew, McXally of *the publishing firm of
Rand. McXally & Co.. who died recently in
California, was filed in the Probate Court
this afternoon. The will cover* property
worth about 5700.000. of which $6oO,OCO is la
personality and ?100.n<io in r^al estate. The
¦vldow and children ' are the beneficiaries.
Will v of the Late Andrew McNally,
the Well-Known"; Publisher. Is
Filed for Probate.
LEAVES .VALUABLE ESTATE
TO WIDOW AND CHILDREN
SALT LAKE. Utah. May 26.— Brooding over
her unhappy, life as a plural wife has driven
Mrs. Charlotte Hammer of Salt Lake Insane.
The woman 1st C8 years of age. a native of
Sweden and has a family of Brown children.
She ' became the second wife of A. Hammer
many years ago and has lived, in Salt Lake
County" from an early date.
During recent years, with the changing con
ditions which showed her what her position
was in the eyes of the outside world, her un
happiness has become ' daily more apparent,
culminating in her commitment to the State In
nane ABylum to-day.
Salt Lake Woman, Haunted by Ostra
cism, Is Sent to the State,
Asylum.
PIjURALi WIFE'S BROODING
RESULTS IX IXSAXITV
The extraordinary medals' and prizes were
awarded as follows: The Xobile medal a
prize of $60. to Joseph T. Curley. The Kenior
Nobili medal, a prize of $25. t« George J
Fisher. The Archbishop's medal, Edwin A
McFadden. The Ryland medal, which was
very closely contested for this year was
awarded to Gerald P. Boaumont of the debat
ing team. John M. Regan delivered the vale
dictory on. behalf of his class. Archbishop
George Montgomery gave an exceedingly In
teresting addrew, giving the students fatherly
advice and congratulating them upon the man
ner in which they had acquitted themselves.
The Pescift medal, a prize of $•*.<). Edward F
dd la Ouardia. The Ascolti medal, a prize
of $50. Herman F. Budde. Th<* McCann medal
a priw of {25. John H. Rlordan. The Ken
nedy medal, a prize of $30. John J. Ivancovich
The Brown medal, a prize of $25, George j'
Fisher.
The commercial certificate wag conferred
upon the following: Henry de la Guardia
Edward F. de la Guardia. Richard A. de la
Grardia, Baldo A. Ivancovich. William R
Curtin. Joseph R. Griffin and Conrad T. Jan
scn. • • •
Francis H. Moraghan, jhomas F Feeny
John M. negan. James F. Johnson and John
J. Collins received the* decree of bachelor of
arts.
SANTA CLARA, May 20.— The annual com
mencement exercises of Santa Clara College
took place to-day. There was a large attend
ance. Following are the prizes and winners:
The derree of master of science was con
ferred upon Joseph R. Somavia.
Valuable Prizes Bestowed at Santa
Clara on Bright Students.
GRADUATES WIN MEDALS.
WASHINGTON, May 26.— "Kear Admiral
Barker has reported his arrival with the Kear
earre. Alabama. Maine and Iowa at Horoa.
the Azores. One of thcs« vessels probably
will be ordered at onc# to Tangier In con
necti6n with the kidnaping of the American,'
Perdlcarls.
It Is Probable Thnt One of the Vessels
[Under His Command Will Be
Seut to Tangier.
REAR ADMIRAIi BARKER
11 EACHES TH E AZORES
The mercantile fleet of Japan ranks
seventh In the world's shipping.
themselves with remarkable ease In the
costumes of a period when material
was not stinted In the making of mas
culine attire. The results of painstak
ing rehearsal was manifest In all they
said and did. "While the stage director
ship did not call for the art and Inge
nuity that were Invested by Mr. Merle
in his production of "The Passion
Play" last year, he made the very most
of his opportunities in the mounting of
"Henry Garnet, S. J., Martyr." Each
of the settings was pictured historically
correct to the most minute detail and
the lighting effects were deftly man
aged.
The proceeds of the performance
v.ere turned into the Father McKinnon
memorial fund.
Japanese Student Wins an Honor.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May M.— Out Of
-40 graduate and undergraduate students ia
the English department. Tasunosuke Fuku
kita, a Japanese student, registered from Tsu.
Japan, has been chosen by Dr. Ewald Flugfl
to assist him in his task of constructing a.
Chaucer dictionary.
Thousands will go out of the' city Saturday
and Sunday to take advantage of the extra
time Memorial day will give them for an
enjcyable trip in the country. By the ex
tension of time which the Southern Pacific
will grant on all Saturday to Monday ex
cursion tickets eold on Saturday and Sunday.
they will cot have to return until Tuesday,
May 31. These tickets Include special round
trip rates of $3.75 to Santa Cruz, $4 to Mon
terey and $4.25 to Pacific Grove. • • '
3IemorIal Day Excursions.
Followins is a list of officers elected: Presi
dent. Dr. W. A. Harvey. Kan Francisco; first
vice president. Dr. J. H. Sands. Los Angeles;
Rtcond vice president. Dr. Hannah Scott Tur
ner, Pomona; recording secr»tary. I>r. Ben
Stetson. Oakland ; corresponding secretary, Dr
M. Blanche Bolton, San Pedro; treasurer. Dr.
II. W. liunsaker, . San Francisco. Board of
censors— Dr. George Gere. San Francisco: Dr.
U. H. Clow. Santa Barbara. For appointment
on the State Board of Medical Examiners the
following gentleman were Indorsed: Dr. L. A.
Pcrce. Long Beach, alternate Dr. J. A. Mitnk
Los Angeles: Pr. J. B. Mitchell. San Fran
cisco, alternate^ Dr. II. W. liunsaker. San
Francisco. The meeting adjourned to meet In
San Francisco in May. 1005.
LOS ANGEL.KS. May ZG.— The California
State Eclectic Medicat Society completed *
three days' session to-day, the first duriiur Its
thirty-one years of existence which had been
held In I.os Angeles. The closing session con
sisted ' of general discussion of subjects which,
had been called to the attention of the society
In the paper* presented by the various mem
bers. An address was delivered by Mayor
Snydcr and after the election of officers the
delegates to the annual meeting were taken
t) Lone Beach on special cars and there en
tertained by the members of the society who
reside here. They returned late to-rflght and
to-morrow the delegates will depart for their
homes.
Members of the State Society Discuss
! Interesting Papers and Elect
;.^ ; Officers.
ECLECTIC MEDICAIi MEX
COMPLETE A SESSION*
Disappears Before the 3Iarriace
fere™ RAM f E 7f TO - M *r 2*-F** Armstrong
fcreman of Georse Green", stock farm ael
2f m'v 18 '"" 18 and a11 th « rtreumiunc.
point to his havlar been drowned in the Sac-
n a ?h e t « J"T- " e W " Uat 8een Monday
du C ck ££'t n h Th " tarted * crOM the *• «" *
away from the aboral cut end
o7 cannot collect or form so
nuickly at this end. the polar-
Uy may be diverted by inhibiting the
current. This, inhibition may be ac
complished very simply by fastening a
ligature around the middle of the stem.
In one experiment Dr. Loeb used
twenty-eight* animals, the polyps and
roots of which were cut off. all the
pieces .being approximately equal in
length. Fourteen of the pieces were
¦tied In the middle by a fine silk thread.
The remaining fourteen served, as a
control. On the second day all the lig
ated ends formed oral polyps and
thirteen aboral polyps. The unligated
stems formed thirteen polyps and no
polyps at the aboral «nd.
Results going to prove the Investi
gator's theories were obtained in other
ways, and of these he says: "If we
correlate all these observations, we
get the idea that the cause of the nor
mal polarity which appears- in the re
generation of a piece cut from the
stem of a tubularian is based on the
condition that the circulation favor3
the motion of various substances in
the direction from the aboral to the
oral pole."
In conclusion Dr. Loeb finds that the
experiments show that the polarity ob
served in the regeneration of the ani
mal is not to be "referred to a mor
phological polarity of the individual
cells, but to a process which is com
parable as to its variety with a pro
cess of streaming In the direction of
the aboral to the oral- pole. The re
sults suggested the idea that a liga
ture placed around the middle of the
stem must abolish polarity, an idea
that was tested arid found, to -be true.
STUDENTS AID
M'KINNON FUND
: Clever Young Thespians at
Santa Clara College Pre
sent an Entertaining Play
eptclMl Dispatch to The Call
SANTA CLARA, May 26.— As many
"rjeopl<? &b could be seated in the College
. Theater this evening witnessed the
.Rev. D. J. Kavar.augh's five-act his
torical play, '"Henry Garnet, 8. J.,
•Martyr," staged by Martin V. Merle
•and "-aoted by the Senior Dramatic
«."lub. The audience was composed al
ynost exclusively of admirers of the
author and well-wishers of the play
t and its Judgment of the perform
ance was manifestly ir.flu<?nced by pre-
dilection. but any impartial and intelli
gent critic, after making allowance for
the fact that the play was written by
an ecclesiastic and presented by ama
teurs, would have pronounced it a re
markably interesting entertainment.
While the play was evidently writ
ten with disregard of the estabiished
playwriting conventions, it introduced
fcome dramatic effects that would not
be unworthy of the great Mr. Belasco
himself, and the acting was punctuat
ed with occasional bursts of histrionic
merit that even the great Mr. Mans
field could graciously condescend to
envy. To convey a hint of how utter
ly Father Kavanaugh ignored the tra
ditional it is only needful to say that
his work is entirely destitute of com
edy and does not present one feminine
character. What secular caterer to
theatric taste dare produce a drama
unbrokenly serious of sentiment and
barren of femininity in its cast?
The play treats of the part taken
in the famous "gunpowder plot" by
Henry Garnet, Jesuit, who was exe
cuted for his participation, and the
character is drawn as a man whose
loyalty to God was greater than his
loyalty to any temporal power— who
deplored the wicked deeds of those
British revolutionists who, claiming al
legiance to Rome, brought disgrace
upon her true ministers. His i3 the
most distinct personality in a play
that has a paucity of striking con
trasts in characterization as a con
spicuous structural defect. Even Guy
Fawkes falls short of fulfilling the
ideal of individual recklessness that
v>as denoted by his attempt to blow
up a Parliament.
And all the other prominent person
ages are too much alike in tempera
ment and method of expression — too
prone to uncalled-for loftiness of
declamation, too neglectful of the
little things — the minutiae of detail —
that are essential to realism. The
play's historical correctness precludes
congruous maintenance of the element
of suspense that is also necessary to
offectiveness, but the climaxes are co^
herently prefaced and logically
capped.
•Some of the stage pictures are in
tensely melodramatic, so much so as to
imperil the religious atmosphere cre
ated by the preceding precepts and ac
tion. Ona scene— a sword duel in the
dim light of lanterns held by the com
batants—is as fine a bit of stage effect
as ever was conceived. The execution
Ff-ene in the last act is also managed
with an impresslveness that Mr. Irving,
master of stagecraft never excelled.
But perhaps the greatest tribute
that can be paid to the author is con
tained fu the single statement that ho
builded without following any man's
plan. His play would not be accept
ed by any regular manager, but then
it was not written for the market, and
it accomplishes its purpose of reli
gious teaching better -than any recog
nized dramatist could accomplish it
After witnessing it one cannot help
feeling that it rights a wrong that for
400 years has been attached to the
character of Henry Garnet, S. J.
The young men read their somber
blank verse with academical accuracy
of pronunciation and varying degrees
of artistic phrasing, and deported
YAZOO CITT, Miss., May 2C— Yazoo City
la under martial law as a result of yester
day's conflagration. Several negroes who were
caught In an attempt to steal salvage have
been arreFted. Two military companies pa x
trolled the burned district all night.
The loss Is estimated at $1,500,000 to $2.000,.
000. and the Insurance probably will approx
imate 50 per cent of the loss. The devastation
of the business district is complete. Twenty
elRht blocks were swept clean by the flames.
Of the 200 buildings destroyed fifty wer«
splendid residences, occupied by some of the
wealthiest citizens of the South.
The buildings of the four banks were com
pletely destroyed, but it Is announced that all
money stored In the vaults has been saved.
These Institutions have rented temporary quar
ters and resumed business to-day.
The residence of Hon. J. S. Williams, the
minority leader in the House of Represen
tatives, was not burned, as at first reported.
Several Negroes Are Caught While
Attempting to Steal Salvage and
Are Arrested by Soldiers.
YAZOO CITY UNDER MARTIAL
LAW AS RESULT OF FIRE
VISALIA. May 28.— Richard Hyde, one of
the best known and moat successful book«
keepers In the San Joaquln Valley, died In this
citv this morning. He was 50 years of age and
president of the San Joaquln Valley Book
keepers' Association.
Death Summons Bookkeeper.
OAKLAND, May 26.— Mrs. Mary A. Nickel
son, aged 64 years, died last night". at. the
hrm» of her son. Walter E. Nickelson, 1031
Filbert street. Th» deceased was related to
Mrs. Carroll Nickelson, a well-known singer
of this city.
Mrs. Eliza King died last Tuesday a.t her
home, 817 Jackson street, aged 50 year*.
The deceased had been a ' resident of thin
city for twenty-five -years.. She . leave* f.
husband. Robert King, and several children.
Alamcda County Deaths.
BLOOMINGTON. IU-. May 26. — Amos
Stillman. who claimed the credit of running
the first ferry-boat between New York and
Brooklyn and the first stationary engine in
Chicago, is dead here. Hj was born at Troy,
X. T.. in 1618 and at' 16 commenced firing
u\ engine en the old Boston and Maine. He
latpr became an engineer on steamboats and
made voyages \o Europe and South America.
When the Chicago and Alton road was built
from Chicago to Joliet he ran the first engine.
Etillman also ran the engine that hauled the
first load of Confederate prisoners over the
Alton road from Alton to Fort Dearborn.
PIONEER ENGINEER IS DEAD.
Amos Stillman, Well Known Through
out United States, Passes Away.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Four hundred women broke through
the gates to the Midway when the
train arrived bringing Miss Roosevelt.
Miss Alice "Ward of Washington and
several maids. The women crowded
about Miss Roosevelt at the train
Eteps, delaying her advance in spite of
the protection given by two policemen
who led the party. Miss Irene Cat
lln, whose guest Miss Roosevelt is, and
her brother, Treator Catlin, had great
difficulty in keeping near the party.
When the Midway was passed Miss
Roosevelt and her escorts broke Into
a rapid walk, while the crowd follow
ed with shouts of "Hurrah for Miss
Roosevelt!" and "There she is!" un
til the carriage was reached at the en
trance of the station. So great was
the rush at the carriage that the
President's daughter was almost forced
against the wheels before she could
enter. As soon as she was seated the
carriage was driven rapidly away.
The feature of to-day's programme
was the dedication of the Texas State
pavilion. The building is unique. It
is constructed in the form of a five
pointed star and is one of the most
elaborately finished and decorated of
the State pavilions.
ST. LOUIS, May 26.— A crowd of
5000 persons, more than three-fourths
of whom were women, jostled each
other for a glimpse of Miss Alice
Roosevelt in Union station this after
noon when sh« arrived for a week's
visit.
Dr. Loeb also demonstrated to his
satisfaction that by inhibiting the
polyp formation at the oral end of
the animal it is possible to accelerate
the polyp formation at the aboral end.
Upon this point he says that if the
phenomenon of polarity depends on a
current, by means of which the polyp
forming materials are carried
"I found further that at the end at
which a new polyp forms the formation
of this organ may be. recognized from
the fact that red pigment granules
collect at this end in relatively great
density. New pigment granules are
transported by a current of fluid to
this end and evidently remain lying
or stuck in the neighborhood of the
cut surface. The stream of fluid is
kept up by ciliary movement. I am of
the opinion that such a transportation
of materials by the stream of fluid to
ward the cut end is one of the con
ditions of the formation of the organs
in the animal, and that the polarity
of that stem — that is, 'the fact that the
polyp forms earlier at the oral pole —
depends on the fact that the organ
forming substances, possibly the red
pigment granules, collect in sufficient
quantity sooner at the oral than at
the aboral end. This assumption Is
based on a series of experiments that
I made."
By morphological polarity Dr. Loeb
explains that he means the fact that
a piece cut off from the organism at
that end which in the uninjured ani
mal was directed toward the oral pole,
or head, again forms an oral pole,
while at the opposite cut end a root,
or aboral pole, is formed. If, for ex
ample, a "square piece is cut from the
body of an actinian, whose body is
comparable with a hollow cylinder, and
if one side of the square is parallel to
the long axis of the animal, new tenta
cles arise only, at that side of. .the
square which was "directed toward the
former oral pole of the animal.
In carrying out his experiments Dr.
Loeb used an animal, the hydroid, in
which could easily be observed the mi
gration of material which was asso
ciated with the formation of Its or
gans. This animal consists of a long,
tubular nnbranched stem, a root,
usually branched, and a polyp, or
bead. Th2 outer surface of the stem
is surrounded by a hard material, and
the living cells lie inside this tube.
Dr. Loeb found that if a piece be
cut from the body of the animal there
always appeared a new polyp and
never a root at the oral cut end. This
new growth began at a sufficiently
high temperature in two or three days.
At the aboral, or root end of the seg
ment there was formed sometimes a
new root and sometimes a polyp. If
a polyp forms at the aboral end it
arises much more slowly— often a week
later than the polyp at the oral or
head end. If a piece is cut from the
stem of the animal it can generally be
told with certainty from the phe
nomena of regeneration which was the
oral cut end. Continuing with his nar
rative. Dr. Loeb says:
FORMATION' OF ORGANS.
LOEB'S EXPLANATION.
The value of Dr. Loeb's experiments
lies in his success in proving with ani
mal bodies the theories that other
scientists had advanced after experi
ments with plant life. In the eight
eenth century two investigators, Du
Hamel and Bonnet, arrived at the con
clusion that certain sap currents are
responsible for the fact that in plants
at one end of a piece cut off from a
branch an apex arises and at the other
end root is formed. Du Hamel as
sumed that a specific sap causes the
formation of roots and that this sap
moves basalward in the stem of the
plant, while the fluids which give rise
to the formation of branches move up
ward.
Dr. Loeb took his cue from the re
sults obtained by the investigations of
these and other scientists. The idea
that sap currents and the collecting
of materials form the cause ( of re
generation and organ formation sug
gested to him a fruitful field for re
search. It was the general belief of
scientific men then that tho individual
cells in the animal body are polarized
and that therefore there is produced at
the basal end organs different from
those at the oral end. But the experi
ments with the plants led Dr. Loeb to
believe that the same conditions ob
tained in animal life as in plant life,
and so he pursued his investigations to
prove the morphological polarity of
the animal body.
Professor Jacques Loeb, the biolo
gist, has succeeded through a series of
experiments he has just made at the
University of California in confirm
ing theories he has long held that the
polarity observed in the regeneration
of the animal body does not exist in
the cells, but in the streaming of re
generating processes of the body,
moving from the basal to the oral
pole. In the bulletin bearing the title,
"Concerning Dynamic Conditions
Which Contribute Toward the De
termination of the Morphological
Polarity of Organisms," which was is
sued at the university to-day. Dr. Loeb
gives the results of his experiments.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, May 26.
President's Daughter Is the
Object of 3Iucli Curiosity
at the Exposition City
Eminent Biologist Treats at
Length' on Morphological
Polarity of Organisms
ENDANGERS CELL IDEA
BREAKS .DOWN GATES
Crowd Jostles find Fights
for a Glimpse of Alice
Roosevelt at St. Louis
Professor Loeb Gives Ac
count of Experiments in
Regeneration of Animals
EAGER WOMEN
BRAVE POLICE
FINDS ANALOGY
TO PLANT LIFE
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. FRIDAY, MAY. ,27,. -1901.
3
A TVTTETlTTfiTC M yg TTTJil
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS
A CITIZEN_DISG[JSSES
A Vital Question Fraug-ht With Interest
to San rvancis co People.
When a citizen right hero at homo
makes a public statement like thn fol-
lowing all room for doubt disappears ami
the most skeptical doubter must be con-
vinced. It's pretty hard for our readers
to prove a statement made by a stranger
living In some far-away .point of th»
Union, but the endorsement of neigh-
bors, friends and citizens is the best of
proof: no better evidence can be .had.
J. A'. Kell. -retired, of 605 Broadway,
says: "For a year or more my back was
weak and ached dontinually, not severely
enough" to lay me up. but It certainly was
very disagreeable.' I knew the cause o&j
my trouble from the; action and condi- I
tion of the kidney secretions, but what!
to do to stop it was a mystery. , I came!
to California in 1853: the greater part of,
my life has been spent in mining, an oc- 1
cupation decidedly hard on the constitu-
tion, and when attacks of kidney com-
} plaint affect a man it la more difficult
j than ordinary to remove. Doan's Kidney
! Pills certainly stopped my backache. It
is now some seven or eight months since
I stopped the": treatment and at the pres-
ent time I have not a sign of anything
wrong with my kidneys." " i
. - For sale by all dealers. Price 60 cents. |
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo. N. Y., sole t
afef-nts for the U?»iUd States.
Remember the name," Doan's, and take'
no substitute; 1
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
Pleurisy
; . Pneumonia
: Consumption
. . Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
oryqur money returned. Price,
.fii. and $1.00 per bottle. For
{sale by all dealers and at office
o'f Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
; :'23 California St., S. I\, sent by
. /rnajl or express. People cured
¦'. free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
v * S i x of the housekeeping
. questions are settled :
, : '* t*» . bsk-rij-powdrr «jlcei
apd Settled for good.
*- Schilling's Best at you
grocer 'a ; m one y bade
ADVEBTISEZttENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
I
I
"Yes, Outing Clothes
is what I must get.' 5
'TPHE kind that fit — have snap —
*: * give comfort.
¦•¦".•• In single and double breasted sacks ; also in Tour-
ist blouse style; latest fabrics.
Swell and Distinctive.
:' $7.50 to $25.00.
Khaki suits, Tourist blouse: best <£f f\f\
'¦' quality -. - <f>O*»UIJ
' : " Khaki Riding Breeches.
- '• White Duck and Crash Trousers.
Prices Right.
ROOS BROS. '
KEARNY AT POST
Suits Like These Ready to Wear $8-50
The picture speaks for the styles of the suits. Our guarantee speaks for the
material and workmanship. The price speaks for itself.
These suits are our make. ' Add a third to the price we ask and that's what you
must pay in other stores who do not make their own goods. And we are the only
store on this coast manufacturing our entire stoc*k.
These suits are made in bright spring patterns of all shades. They are the
latest cut, with concave shoulders, long narrow lapels and close-fitting neck; $12 50
is their clothes value, $8.50 is their price.
Tan top coats in swei! shades also at $8.50.
Striped worsted pants, to tone up your worn coat and vest, $2.25 to $4.00.
Two-piece outing suits in homespuns $6 to $15.
Mailorders S*N # W000 ftflO* Send Chest, Waist
Write To-day 749 Market Street. Length Measures
Auction!
We will offer the following
choice properties by order of
the referee Thursday. June 2,
1904, at our salesroom, 20
Montgomery street.
Subject to confirmation by
the Superior Court.
NO.ii.
Ellis street, south line. 8^:6
east of Jones street, east -27:6.x
137:6. Improvements consist of I
a three-story dwelling rented ,
low at $85 per month. A
splendid holding to improve
with a modern building.
NO. 2.
Bush street, south line, 137:6
east of Stockton street, east
45:10x137:6 to Harlem place,
improvements consist of frame
building rented low at $115.50
per month. Rents could readily
bo increased.
Notice — Bids obtained at this
5ale cannot be increased in
court.
For terms and farther par- ,
ticulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
Auctioneers, 20 Montgomery at.
nuii 1.— *SLAV CAVALRY DEFEATED.
Stage Service to Big. Basin.
Stages run dally between Boulder Creek and
Big Basin Park, connecting with Southern Pa
cific Coast Line. Leave Boulder Creek' 1:15
p. m., arriving at the Park 3:00 p. m. ; leave
the Park (Sundays excepted) at 0:00 a. m., ar
riving Boulder Creek 11:00 a. in. Stage 'fare,
round trip. $2; free baggage allowed 40 lbs.
Round-trip tickets from San Francisco to the
Park sold for $5 in San Francisco, Oakland
and Alameda by Southern Paclflo agents. ( •
KINGSTON. Jamaica, - May 20.— The Nlca
rautruan authorities have liberated the Cayman
turtle fishermen and their vessels, which were
seized ten miles beyond the limit, on the de
mand of the captain of the British -warship
Retribution. -
PARIS. May 27.— The correspondent at St.
Petersburg of the Echo de Paris eays:
"The forces of Generals Kindravotich and
Rennenkamprr. which are between the Japan
ese armies at Fengwangeheng and south of
Liaoyang, are estimated at more than 25.000
men and include a large number of Cossacks
The position cf the Japanese first army be
tween the two Russian torces is most critical
Jt Is thought thatJ^tneral Kuropatkin. is ad
vancing through the mountain passes com
manding the Haicheng road and may drive,
back tiit. Japanese to the sea."
Position of Japanese General Kuroki
Said to Be Critical.
IS BETWEEN TWO ARMIES.
DENVER. May 26.— The cattle growers'
interstate executive committee received word
to-day that the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion has issued an order to proceed of Its' own
motion to* Investigate the freight-rate situa
tion and the service of railroad* in livestock
shipments In the West and Northwest. .• The
hecring will be held 'in Denver, but the date
has not yet been fixed. The investigation will
ba confined to the lines west of the Mississippi
River.
Interstate Commerce Commission Will
Look Into Livestock Shipments
in the West and Northwest.
FREIGHT RATE SITUATION
IS TO BE INVESTIGATED
ST. PETERSBURG, May 2C. — The beginning
of a new and more friendly era In Anglo-
Rusyian relations is believed to have been
inaugurated by the cordial manner In which
the Emperor this afternoon at Tsarkoe-Selo
palace received Sir Charles Harding, the now
Uritish Embassador to Russia. Sir Charles
presented his credential* in private audience,
the Emjiress Eharing with the Emperor the
cordial greetings extended to the new Embas
sador. who handed a personal letter from King
Edward to his imperial nephew, also convey
ing the British King's personal good wishes
and sincere desire that the relations between
the two countries phall become more and more
friendly. m While what passed naturally is a
secret. Sir Charles afterward expressed the
(greatest satisfaction at the spirit of his re
ception.
Czar Nicholas Receives New British
Embassador to Russia."
KING SENDS GOOD WISHES.
NEW YORK, May 2C— Lewis G. Tewksbery,
whose aiteoric career and failure for a large
amount in AVall street a few years ago at
tracted much attention, is reported to have
been married In London to Miss V. A. Butler
of New York.
Tewksbery flrd to Mexico In •900 with, only
a few thousand dollars of his once large' for
tune. His counsel here stated that many
claims against the ex-broker already have
been Ffttled. Mrs. Tewksbery. who remained
here when her husband fled, recently secured a
divorce. ,
Lewis G. Tewksbery, Who Fled to
Mexico After Failing, Is Heard
From in England.
BANKRUPT WALL STREET
BROKER WEDS IN LONDON
. MODESTO. May 20. — Two men. a large hay-
Tack and two horses w.-re to-day crushed on.
the trostleof a wacon bridge across Tuolu-nne
River and fe!l twenty-five feet to the ground
belosr. Jchn Pavios wa? F»rir>usly injured and
his rnn Thomas rtceived slight injuries.
Ambulance Cars Fitted Out at Ex
pense of Russian Empress.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 2C— The EmpreW
horpital train started on Its Journey to the
Far Ean to-day. The train is the finest rail
way hospital ever constructed. It consists of
two sections, the first composed of fourteen
ambulance cars fitted with every appliance for
the comfortable transportation of the ill and
wounded. The second section contain!" two
operating cars, supplied with every adjunct
of the rnodt-rn operating room — tiled interiors
capable of instant cleanying, disinfectants,
stores, instruments, bandages and adjustable
opr-rating tables. These cars are Intended to
\m- detached from the train and sent to various
points, wherever they will be of the most use
along the line.
The remainder of the train contains a
library, chapel and bathrooms, including a
Pl*clal rleetric bath, an X-ray car with dyna
mos and all apparatus and a kitchen car,
from which all the patients are fed. There
are also cars containing a dispensary and dis
infecting apparatus, a water distilling plant
and ice manufacturing machinery.
The Kmpress not only furnished the entire
train, but furnishes ?500 monthly to aid In the
purchase of delicacies for the sick.
SPLENDID HOSPITAL TRAIN.
Undertaker Presents Extortionate Bill
for Sen ices and When Refused \
Payment Makes Trouble. \
NEW YORK, May' 26. — Mrs. James S..
Gookins, widow of a son of late ChieX*
Justice Gookins of Indiana, has been com
pelled to call on the police in order to force
an undertaker here to surrender her husband's
body. , •
Colonel Gookins, who was a well-known civil
engineer and a jurist, died suddenly at a hotel
here Monday. When Mrs. Gookins and her
Ron arrived from Chicago they found the body
had been removed by an undertaker who de
manded $.'i.SO for hie services. Oth»r under
takers told the widow $20 was sufficient for the
office he had performed ana she refused to
submit to tho extortion. The undertaker de
clared he would Ef-nd the body to the Morgue,
and the police were called upon. They acted
at once, and the undertaker surrendered.
POLICE ASSIST WIDOW
TO SEfcURE HUSBAND'S BODY
Woman's Auxiliary to Entertain
Tho Woman's Auxiliary No. 18 of
Ran Francisco Typographical Union
N'o. 21 will give an entertainment and
leap year party Thursday evening.
June 2. at Golden Gate Hall. The
i-ommittee of arrangements consists of
Mrs. Guy McGreer, Mrs. George Bar
ron, Mrs. L. A. Biokell, Mrs. Charles
Van Sandt. Mrs. James P. Olwell, Mr?.
Grant Munson. H. L. White will act
as floor manager.
PHILADELPHIA. May 'SC— Henry Tatnall.
as receiver of the Asphalt Company of Ameri
ca, entered suit In the United States Circuit
Court to-day against George \V. Clkins Bon of
the late William E. Klklns, to recover $1,277,-
OOO.- The receiver allegen that this sum was
Irregularly retained by Etklnn In organizing the
Asphalt Company of America.
By Sally Sharp.
Can women be bohemians?
Just ask any one of the sixty hus
bands who were escorted by their wives
to the Papyrus Club jinks last night.
They can tell you all about how the
women threw aside their glad gowns —
their dignity with them— for the .togs
of German peasants, sat around tables
in German fashion, permitted the men
to smoke right out in, meetinV-only
they- didn't furnish" the cigars, the
omission being ascribed by Mrs. C. Ma
son Kinne, the president, to. the men's
finicky tastes in smokes. At this the
men smiled.
At every table were steins — not emp
ty steins, either — pretzels, pickles, sand
wiches, coffee and other delicacies dea:
to the Dutchman's heart. And aroum
the tables sat the guests in jolly fash
ion.
But what think you of this? As i:
always the custom in the Papyrus, th<
president, in witty manner, calls upoi
the members ad libitum for stories
Invariably they respond, and in right
clever fashion. Fearing to wound th<
sensibilities of the men by not permit
ting them .to tell a few tales, Mrs
Kinne called upon them. With the sin
gle exception of Mr. Kinne none of th(
men made good. Some of the womer
threatened dire things when their mer
folk sat like Simple Simons, refusing
to tell in public stories to which thes
had been made martyrs by innumerable
tellings, while the men In their defens<
declared that Mr. Kinne had an undue
advantage of them because his wift
had given him* a tip beforehand, anc
therefore he knew what to say. At anj
rate the men, who were surely shamec
into . silence by the cleverness of th<
women's stories, had good fun. In fact
one of them, having found his voice
had the temerity to rise and make e
motion to the effect that the men bt
invited every three months, with th«
same supply of beer, pretzels anc
youthful jokes.
During the evening the following
programme was given in a dellghtfu;
and most informal manner, Madame
Caro Roma, in the esthetic garb ol
"Happy," leading off with the clut
yell. Please don't ask a translatior
of it: -'. v
Club quartet "Breeze of the Night" (La
motte)— Miss Ella "V.» McCloskey, Mrs. W. W
Urls-RS. Mrs. ,H. Apple, Mrs. Blanche Arnold. !
"The Lunatics," a sketch — Mrs. Backus anc
Mrs. Louise Battles Cooper.
Dutch dance (buy a broom), directed bj
Caro Roma— Mrs. W. S. Leake, Miss McClos-
Icy, Mrs. Brown. Miss Annie Ferguson, Mis!
Katherine Boyne. •
Piano solo — Mme. Peminarfo.
Contralto solo. '"Spring" (Becker)— Mrs
Blanch? King Arnold.
Fancy dance, with, steins — Mrs. K. Boyne,
Miss A. Ferguson, Annie Ferguson. Katherim
Boyne. I Accompanist, Mrs. Guy Millberry.
Piano solo — Ida Seminario. -
reading, "Dutch Lecture" — Jenni<
Morrow Long.
Backward quadrille. In' costume— Mrs. Coop
er, Gloomy Gun; Mrs. Ferguson Alphonse
Miss Hadsell: Montmorency:- Mrs. Leake, Mrs,
Beesenger. Mrs. Ross, Mrs. Boyne, Mrs.
Brown, Dutch peasants.
With upraised steins, the health oi
the club.waa drunk. And let it be sale
that .the men declared the Jinks dis
tinctly jolly— "no funeral about that,'
Bay they. Besides, 'there won't be anj
headaches in the morning. And that'*
something, worth noting.
VOLUNTEERS AS A WITNESS
AND IS PLACED IN JAIL
Man Who Wants to Testify in Auto
mobile Case, Is Recognized as
Supposed Burglar.
Emil Tuchuml, secretary or the Hawaiian
Commercm and Sujar Company and a Cham
plan wrestler, was arrested last night on s
charge ofr battery. • .Tschuml was piloting an
automobile which ran: down a boy named
Nicholas Hallbfick, . Injuring him slightly.
Tschuml was released on ball.
Leonard Botwell came into - the , Hall ol
Justice and stated that he had witnessed the
accident and wanted to be subpenaed as a wit
nets. While in the Central Statton he was
pointed out to Sergeant Donovan as the ¦ man
who was wanted for the burglary of a music
store on Mission street. : He was placed on the
detinue book,'- pending a,n investigation into his
connection with the crime; *
FINDS MAN FLOATING IN BAY. — Th(
dead body, of a man supposed to be George H,
Daniels, was found- floating in the bay undei
Bpear-street wharf 'last night by a.' boatmar
named John Cunningham.*' Daniels had , evi
dently been, in the water for ten days. George
Miller, night clerk at the Dewey House or
East street, called at the Morgue . and stated
that Daniels had - roomed '-. at his house v and
disappeared, on May 14.- He was -drinking
at the time. Death is supposed to have.;- been
accidental. „..,.'... . . ; . > . ,
NETV YORK, May 2C— Archbishop Riordan
of San Francisco is in New York, having
oome East to fin-lit the claim made by t»-)
"Washington law firms, that of Nathaniel' Wil
son and the heirs of Philip Phillips, for 10 per
cent of th» award In the Pious Fund case. The
lawyers demand 10 per cent annually of
$43,ogo. •
docs Knst to Fight Claims of Wash
ington Lawyers for Part of Award
in Pious Fund Case.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
AKIUVE3 . IN NEW YORK
PAPYRUS CLUB
INVITES MEN
TO ITS JINKS
A fisherman had caught the crabs
at Sea Brook and boarded the train
there with them. They were confined
in a two-bushel sack and were placed
under a seat. They managed to escape
and quickly spread under the seats to
all parts of the car.
The commotion began when a crab
fastened into one lady's ankle, i Sev
eral other passengers were pinched
and a rush to get out of the car was
made. There was a jam at the door
and several women fainted.
HOUSTON, Tex., May 26. — Three
dozen large sea. crabs stampeded a
carload of passengers on the La Porte
road last evening. The car ' was
crowded.
Escape From a Fisherman's Sack and
Cause Panic; Among the Pas
• sengers.
SEA CRABS STAMPEDE
CARLOAD OF TOURISTS
HARRISBURO. May 26.— All but one of the
ten men killed and all of the forty overcome
by the sulphur fumes In a tunnel of the Sum
mit branch colliery of the Susquehanna Coal
<ompauy at Wllliamstown yesterday wer«
members of a relief party.
Enoch Morgan, a miner, was the first man
killed. The other victims were members of
the rescuing party, which at one time was
made up of more than ,100 men.
Nine of the Victims of the Williams
town Colliery Disaster Were Try
ing to Save Others.
MEMBERS OF RELIEF
PARTY LOSE THEIR LIVES
DENVER. May 28.— Committees represent
ing the Western Federation of Miners. th»
United Mine Workers of America and thft
American Federation of J,abor appointed to
confer on the question of a union of the three
organizations, began their deliberations this
afternoon. It is believed an amalgamation will
be effected.
Three Great Labor Organizations Are
Likely to Re Merged.
AMALGAMATION IS FAVORED.
The Tokio correspondent of the Daily
Chronicle, under date of May 26, sends
the following:
"The Japanese have already con
structed thirty miles of light railroad
for the transportation of the siege guns
toward Port Arthur. Around Kinchou
the Japanese have been fighting for the
past eight days, but are making little
progress against the Russians, who oc
cupy strong positions on the heights."
ST. PETERSBURG, May 26.— The
general staff is not in a position to
night to confirm or deny the Tokio re
port that the Japanese have occupied
Kinchou. The latest official information
regarding fighting in that vicinity was
conveyed in Lieutenant General Sak
haroff's telegram, which said that the
Japanese had lost 700 men on May 18.
It would be a great surprise to the
authorities here if the report of the
capture of Kinchou should prove to be
true. If the Japanese rushed Kinchou
by a frontal attack the capture of the
place must have been effected at a tre
mendous loss to the attacking party.
Russians retired in good order to the
heights farther south, which were at
tacked by the full Japanese force and
carried after a stubborn resistance.
The Japanese attacked Nanquanling,
on the narrowest part of^ the Kwan
tung Peninsula, yesterday and drove
back the Russians by main force. The
attack on Kinchou was begun at dawn
to-day and by noon Kinchou was in the
hands of the Japanese, who occupied
the castle. The fighting continued dur
ing the afternoon and was of the most
desperate character. It is believed the
casualties were heavy.
"One of our eotniag encountered a
Japanese detachment on the night of
May 20-21 at Sitkouchintse and caused'
great consternation among the Japa
nese, who opened a wild fire against
the Cossacks. In the darkness they
fired upon their own men.
"On May 21 a Russian reconnoitering
party got behind the Japanese army
near Tansanchintse, on the main road
from Sakhetlza to Liaoyang, and found
a Japanese detachment S00 strong. The
Russian scouts watched for sixteen
hours, during which time at least 18,000
Chinese and Korean coolies passed, to
gether with 200 carts. The Japanese
finally discovered and attacked the
Russian scouts, all of whose horses
were killed. The scouts were obliged to
return on foot."
"Our cavalry report that the Japa
nese are constructing fortifications
around Fengwangcheng, where they
have a force of 30,000 Infantry- and 2000
cavalry, with thirty-six field guns.
"The Japanese advance guard has ad
vanced to twenty-two miles north of
the Aho River, their front being turned
toward Saimmatse and Kuantlansian.
They are effecting no other movements
north of the Aho River. It Is reported
that a great many Japanese cavalry
horses have beoome exhausted and are
broken down. •
"On May 23 our ecouts near Pltzwo
and In the Kwantung Peninsula ascer
tained that Japanese outposts occupied
the heights two miles south of the sta
tion of Wufandian. Three miles in
their rear were two squadrons of cav
alry of the line. Two and a half com
panies of the Twelfth Infantry protect
ed both flanks by Infantry ecreens of
forty men each. Farther southward in
fantry and cavalry were disposed
among the villages bordering on the
railway.
"About Polandien 3000 troops of all
arms and five guns are concentrated.
"In, the neighborhood of Pitzwo and
farther south the Japanese landing
continues, the troops marching thence
toward Kinchou, with covering detach
ments thrown out on the west. •
"According to Chinese reports a bat
tle took place at Kinchou on May 18,
in which the Japanese lost 700 men.
The Russian losses were not so great.
"A Japanese landing at Takushan
began five days ago, and it Is reported
that 50,000 troops, principally infantry,
were landed, but this has not yet been
verified. The troops landed are march
ing from Takushan northwest toward
Siuyen and southwest toward Port Ar
thur.
6T. PETERSBURG, May 26.— The gen
eral staff has received the following
telegram, dated May 26, from Lieu
tenant General 8akharoff :
"There Is no change In the general
situation In the Fengwangeheng dis
trict.
It is reported that General Rennen
kampff's Cossacks, who are operating
on the line of General Kuroki's com
munications, have made an important
capture of some of the enemy's guns,
which were being taken forward to
Fengwangeheng. No other details are
given. This report comes from mem
bers of the Emperor's suite.
Although the loss of a Japanese
torpedo-boat on March 10 has not been
admitted by the Japanese, Viceroy
Alexieff positively and ofllcfally affirms
this.
"Between May 18 and May 21 the
Russians cleared eleven of the enemy's
mines from the roadstead.
"The boats of the merchant steam
ship Amur, with a dredger and a steam
launch, have been brought to Port Ar
thur from Dairy."
Viceroy Alexieff telegraphs that a re
port is current that Port Arthur was
bombarded May 24, but says he has not
received any official confirmation of the
rumor.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 27.— The fol
lowing dispatch from Viceroy Alexieff,
dated May 26, has been received by
the Emperor:
"Reports from Rear Admiral Wltt
soeft and Admiral Grigorvotish to-day
state that the enemy bombarded from
Ingetsi Bay (on the west coast
of the Kwangtung Peninsula, about
thirteen miles north, of Port Arthur)
with gunboats. (The Viceroy's dispatch
does not give the date of the bombard
ment.) '
"On the night following the Japanese
attempted to block the roadstead of
Port Arthur with mines, and from
shore observations it is believed that
some steam- launches and two torpedo
boats were sunk.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
. Jacob Steppacher, secretary of the
California delegation to the Republican
•Vutiona! Convention, will decorate the
California headquarters in the Audito
rium Hotel in Chicago with poppies,
palms, pampas plumes and flags. It is
?xpected that a generous quantity of
wine, fruit and raisins will be trans
ported to Chicago and some new fea
tures in the distribution of California
products may be introduced.
. -Gofsip goes that the California dele
pat ion to the Democratic National
'Convention will go to St. Louis in gor
jreous style. The Hearst special, it Is
> ? aid. will astonish the natives dwelling
between the Pacific Ocean and the Mis
sissippi River. The delegates will have
a round-up in San Francisco a few
•days p*-ior to their departure for the
"pcene of turmoil in Missouri.
Judge A. G. Burnett of Santa Rosa,
twho was authorized, as chairman (of
the recent State convention of the
-party at Sacramento, . to appoint an
executive committee of twenty-one,
'will be In San Francisco to-morrow.
After conference with party leaders
he may Immediately announce the list
jbf committeemen. It lsTinderstood that
'many namfs have been referred to him
for his earnest consideration.
¦ XO FACTIONAL, DIFFERENCES.
. Reports of factional pressure on the
chairman are' misleading. The Re
publicans of California are not fighting
.among themselves. The opinion is
generally entertained that the State
will give Roosevelt at least 40,000 ma
jority. The desire for the honor of
leading the fight as committee chair
man Is causing some rivalry, but pro
ducing no bitterness. Even the Sena
torial contest Is devoid of rancor and
ill-reeling. Senator Bard and Mr.
Oxnard will each put forth every
honorable effort to bring about the
election of Republican candidates for
the Legislature and the candidate for
the United States Senate who develops
the greatest strength among the legis
laors chosen from the south will prob
ably carry off the prize. It Is stated
positively that the Southern Pac'flc
managers fire taking no part In the
Senatorial contest. L»ater on orders
may be given to members of the Legis
lature who take orders from the cor
poration, but there is an impression
that the Senators and Assemblymen
composing the next Legislature will
consult their constituents, or in other
trorda, take orders from the people.
THIS HEARST SPECIAL.
The contest for chairman of the Re
publican State Central Committee
scorns to have narrowed down to two
candidates, Senator Thomas Flint and
General George Stone. Charles H.
Sper-r, president of the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners, has no in
clination to eerve as chairman of the
committee.
Both Armies Lose
Heavily in the.
Fighting.
in the Harbor's
Roadstead.
Mines JAre Placed
Says 700 Fell in
First Kinchou
Battle.
Judge Burnett Will Arrive
To-3Iorrow and Announce
Names of Those to Serve
• TO NAME COMMTTTEEMEN
Three men — a detective, a combatant
and a bystander— were severely wound
ed and six Italian strike-breakers are
under arrest on charges of felonious as
sault as the result of a shooting affray
in Park Row, near the Brooklyn bridge
entrance, to-night. The throwing of a
brick at the Italians by a striking
freight handler started the fighting.
NEW YORK, May 26.— L. J. Curran,
president of the International Freight
Handlers' Union, to-day sent telegrams
to all the local unions along the line of
the New York, New Haven and Hart
ford t Railroad ordering all members out
on strike to-morrow morning. The or
der includes all freight handlers, weigh
ers, clerks and truck loaders.
President Curran also announced
that he had received a telegram from
General Secretary Casey of the Marine
Firemen's Union of the Great Lakes
stating that no help would be sent to
the railway companies from the lakes.
HAS ¦PROMISE" OF AID
¦ ' :» \
Firemen's Union of Gr.eat
Lakes Will Lend Support
to Eastern Organization
Renewed Attempt
to Block Port
Arthur.
Alexieff Reports a
Disaster to the
Japanese.
Japanese Charge
Heights Held
by Foe.
Senator Flint and General
Stone Out for Honors in
Republican Party Banks
All Freight Handlers on
the New. Haven Eailroacl
Are Called Out by Curran
CHAIRMANSHIP
FIGHT NOW ON
ISSUES GENERAL
STRIKE ORDER
ATTACK ON DALNY FOLLOWS
THE CAPTURE OF KINCHOU
AFTER A FIERCE BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1904.
.WASHINGTON, May 26.— The Navy Depart
ment announced to-day that it* does , not see
its way clear to construct two colliers author
ized by Congress at the last session to be con
structed in Government yards, since noappro
proprifvtlon was made for the bulldina- of the
ti&sn.
No Funds to Construct New Colliers.
ODESSA, May 28. — According "to reports
made by captains of steamships which have
arrived here from the Red Sea, a Japanese
torpedo-boat has been s»en there.
Japanese Warship in Red Sea.
NAGASAKI. May 26.— AH appeals to the
Eaaebo Naval Prize Court for the restitution
of the neutral cargoes seized by the Japanese
shortly after the outbreak of hostilities have
been dismissed. This decision of the prize
court has caused considerable discontent
among foreigners. *
Prize Court Appeals Dismissed.
TOKIO. May 26.— General Kurok! reports
that on Wednesday, after the battle at Topu,
the enemy's cavalry took up a position at
Pataostl. The Japanese thereupon attacked and
routed them. Natives report that three of the
enemy were killed and eighteen wounded. Dur
ing the afternoon . Japanese patrols captured
one officer and one private.
Tliree Killed and Eighteen Wounded
in a Brush at Pataosti.
4
wjb j^*g ?m»t tJ*
BORAXOLOGY
The first step in - the
! solution of the servant
ffirl problem is a solution of
/BORAX. Human nature
. ' is pretty much alike— we
want to make work as easy
and agreeable as possible.
* The easiest way to wash
' things is "to use BORAX.
" It softens hard city water
-: and doubles its cleansing
. " power.
When you lighten labor
you lighten the heart.
' BORAX lightens labor.
j • Every good thing is
• imitated — even as Borax.
Be mulish — kick if you
: don't get
. '20-MULE-TEAM
; BRAND— it's pure. Sold
" ' by Druggists and Grocers,
.£, \ and 1-lb. packages.
The femous "AMERICAN GIUL" PICTURES
FREE to purchasers of S jo-Mule-Team n Borax.
Ai stores or sent for BOX TOP and 4c. ia stamps.
Ptaur Coast Borax Co, New York, Chicago, Saa
!Pnacisoo.
fe» ftnA^/K-X,, XjT «t_ y. • \lxVf***#ttm
•• s*~MtUe-Tc«-ni— Our Trade Marie *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AD VEHTISILttENTS. "
STATEMENT
• OP THB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Hartford Steam
Boiler Inspection
AND INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut. ot» the 31st day of December, A. D.
1803. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash ..• $300.000 00
AJ»6ET9.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $19,090 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. .. 717.520 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.012.4ns 97
Cash in Company's Of flee 6.753 23
Cash In Banks 131.709 05
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 17.314 14
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection ) 216,777 60
Total Assets $3,122,163 10
LIABILITIES. ~~~
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $20.413 03
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $109,505 21; re-
insurance 50 per cent 54, SS2 CO
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $3,412,-
3S2 10; reinsurance pro rata 1.796,473 IS
Due and to become due for Com-
1 missions and - Brokerage 32.510 64
j Total Liabilities ...$1,904,287 43
INCOME. "
Net «sh actually received for
premiums $1,304,234 38
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages :, 31.57101
' Received for Interest and dividends
! on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and -
from all other sources 90,4X1 09
Received for Rents 78-147
' Received from all other sources.. 2S.247 8.1
: -: Total Income .fl.4U.313 63
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses $157,134 07
Dividends to Stockholders C0.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
" or Brokerage 336,503 e3
Aid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 67.900 00
Paid far State. National and Local
taxes 39,893 87
Paid for Inspections ', 480.724 10
All other expenditures 180.901 53
Total Expenditures $1,313,142 37
Losses incurred during the year $SS.r!23 60
Risks and Premiums — Premium*,
RISKS AND PREMIUMS. Premiums.
Net amount written during the
year $1,481,933 50
Net amount expired during the
year 1.293.11122
Net amount In force December 31.
1003 3.522.147 31
CHAS. M. BEACH. Vice President.
J. B. PIERCE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
£3d day of January. 1904.
L. F. MIDDLEBROOK. Notary Public
MANN & WILSON, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
SAX FRAZVC1SCO. CAL.
STATEMENT
OF THB
>V. CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
METROPOLITAN
PLATE GLASS
'INSURANCE^COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st, day of December. A. D.
1903. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by tb» Com-
missioner: 4
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cush .$200.000 00
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $-137,853 00
Cash In Company's OfUte 3.161 60
Cakb in Banks 26.443 19
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans.... 3,410 63
Premiums In due Course if CoIIjc-
tlon 83.434 11
Plate Glass on hand &.. 1.871 59
Accounts clue for Glass sold. .\ ... J. . e&O 10
Total assets $566.90(1 24
LIABILITIES. ' =
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense. $4,472 97
Grots premiums on Risks running
or.e year or less. $355,930 34; re-
insurance 50 per cent 177.990 17
Total liabilities .$182,463 14
INCOME. ."
Net cash actually received lor nre- •
miuros .". $313 158 fa
Received far Interest, and dividends
on Bonds/ Stocks. Loans, and from
. all other sources 18.291 71
.Total income ...$361.443 01
EXPENDITURES. :
Net amount paid for Losses...... tiia ftii ia
Dividends to Stockholders 20 00O oo
Paid or allowtd for Commission or
Brokerage j*q 8ea ..
Paid fcr Salaries. Fees, and other ~ v ' vwr V1
¦ charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 42000 40
Paid for State. National, and Local ,^ l0W w
tttXea ..I - JA ryn-r 7 «
All other payments acd expenditures. 20.407 58
1 Total txpendltures .$333. ft7 10
Lcstes Incurred during the year $114 976 93
E. H. WIXSLOW. President.
- w ... S ' W - BURTON. Secretary
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 7th
day of January.- 1904. - -
A - H.vLAHT. Notary Public.
MANN & WILSON, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
•A.-i FRANCISCO, CAL.
©t/\te;7v\eint
v/ OF THB
CONDITION* AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LA FONGIERE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PARIS. IN THE REPTTBIJC OV
France, on the 81«t day December. A. D.
1903. and for the year ending; on that day. a»
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to th# provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Co !-.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner: - *"/;i
capital*
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
la Cash |1£ftM«M
ASSETS. ~- ~— — — —
Real 'State owned by Company.. $330,892 33
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.097.823 53
Cash in Company's Office 99.231 05
Cash In Banks 131.031 40
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 620.988 40
Bills receivable not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine
Risks 8.494 S3
Rents due and accrued 15,302 20
Due from other Companies for «e-
ir.surar.ee on losses already paid 41S.S73 80
Total Assets 13.072.962 63
LIAR1X.I X*l£S.
Tx)S2«9 adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses in process of Adjustment I
or in Suspense [• $369,601 74
Losses resisted. Including; ex- I
penses J
Gross Premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks. % ;
reinsurance 1C0 per cent S46.070 OS
Gross premium? on Marine Tim©
Rl^ks, $ ; reinsurance SO per
cent 316.070 C8
Cash Dividends to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid 4. 846 06
Dae and accrued for salaries.
rents, etc 7,066 C6
Due and accrued for Commissions
and Brokerage 40,549 7S
'Alt ether Liabilities 3S0.333 SS
Total Liabilities $1.6*7. 7-T 70
INCOME.
Xet ca?!> actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $1,698,303 00
RKTriretl for intrrrst on UonJn «n<J
Mortgages 83,113 03
Total Income $1,731,613 11
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine
Los*' s (including $ . losses of
previous years) J1.0C7.803 12
Paid or allowed for Corr.mmls3lon
of Brokerage 2G3.6S9 53
Paid for Salaries. Fees an<l other
charges for offloers. clerks, etc.. 101. 693 9J
All other r»y^ en t3 and expendi-
tures 11,101 18
Total Expenditures $1,494,379 60
O ROBERT. President^
EUGENE SERI3. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
12th day of April. 1904.
JOHN; K. GOWDT.
U. S. Consul General at Paris (France).
MANN & AVILSON. Managers
NE. cor. California and Saasome Sts.
SA.\ FIIAZVCISCO. CAL.
; STATEMENT
OF THB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
L'UNIVERSO MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MILAN. ITALY. ON THE Slst DAT OP
December. A. D. 190;!. and for the ye*r
ending on that day. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions ot sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as p«r blank
furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
la Cash ._ 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds ewned by Company... $2S3.32<* oo
Cash in Company's Office 82.933 34
Cash in Banks 123,719 43
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 279.647 7T
Bills receivable, not Matured, takes
for Fire and Marine Risks 7,317 09
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 4ft. 133 M
Total assets $787.573 ttt
LIABILITIES. ;,
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses In process of Adjustment j J
or la Suspense \ $133,374 39
Losses resisted. Including ex- I
penses J
Gross Premiums on Marine Time
Risks. ' $ : reinsurance 50
per cent 217.431 2S
Due and to beoome due for Com-
missions and Brokerage 23.893 18
Total liabilities _ $4.10.201 2<
rNCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $1,086,336 53
Received for Interest and dividends .
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources &.S94 94
Total Income... S1.00«.S3l 43
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Marine
losses (including $ . losses
of previous years) $704,523 2*
Paid for Salaries. F«»s and other
charges for ofneers. clerks, etc.. -24.73139
Paid fox State. National and Local
taxea 4,36* 72
Total expenditures ._$833.83J~93
Marine.""
Losses Incurred during the year.... $70 k 228 24
L. LORIA. Vice PresIdTrifc
CH. VUILLIOMENET. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 9th
day of April 11)04,
HARLAN W. BRUSH.
U. S. Consul at Milan. Italy.
MANN & TVILSON, Manager
NEi cor. California and Sansome Sts.
SAX FRANCISCO. CA1»
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tlte Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
ttO, 1904, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household' treasure should' not
fall to place their order Im-
mediately.
Tlds splendid premium will :
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally, low Tate of 50
cents per copy. . Out of town
orders 25 cents additional ;tb_
cover prepayment of transporta-^
tion charges. - x .
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST ,
30, 1904
? a tf 1^^ many people who go to the country to spend tha m
H ca» ]f summer months do not car* to take their flna dinner arnd
a 5O« I y glassware services — so we have arranged £',
e °r r // ' A Complete Service of Semi-Porcelain for Six V
S f~ /i\ 6 People, including Glassware — 8a pieces,.' O|0 V
I Depart- \ h p Also Blue Dinner Set, Glassware, Silverware, \
1 ment.Vjf P Royal Enameledware, Tinware, Ironware, f
% T 4fa^ Woodenware, Brushes, Brooms, etc., all CQ^ #
Scotch Plaid I
..Tailors.. I
SPECIAL
CLEARING I
Of Uncalled-for |
Suits, Pants j
Overcoats 1
...At Our Store... /\
Friday, Saturday |
and rionday. I
3 Days Only I
These goods are from our M
Seattle and Portland stores. Lj
Prices , were ' $15.00, $18.00, g
$20.00, $25.00 and $30.00 a i
suit or overcoat. y
.^ Pants were sold for $5.00 tt
to $10.00. Sale price" on H
suits will be y
$ 1 /VX) I
Overcoats. $10.00. £J
Pants all go. at n
• Here is a good chance to 8
1 get a suit, pants or overcoat |
at a very low price. H
Scotch Plaid i
..Tailors., j
1009 Market, Street. !
Open Saturday Evenings until '
10 o'clock. ; JVANCOUVER. B. C. May 26.— Twenty-ont
men • belonging , to the Canadian ¦ survey ¦ party
which will wx-nd the lummfr working on the
marking of the boundary line between Alaska
and Canada ' aa ,lald down ¦ by : the Alaskan
boundary award* left for Skagway to-night on
the Canadian Pacific steamer Amur. ,
BIMLA, • British . India, May 26.— The- Brit
ish Tibetan V expedition at Gyangtse is iso
lated and no communication from Jt has been
received In three days. "„ Further reinforce
ments have been ordered 'to the front
Colonel -Younjshusband's Force at
Gyanetse Is Isolated by the Na
tive Troops.
TIBETAN EXPEDITION
IN CRITICAL POSITION
NEW TORK, May 2C— The suspension of
L. B. Newcombe from exchange privileges for
five years was announced by the Stock Ex
change to-day. Newcombe was the exchange
member of the firm of Stewart, Brown & Co..
the' dissolution of which was announced a few
days- ago. It' was this firm which. It was
charged, had transacted business for W. E.
Woodend & Co.. against the rules of. the
Stock Exchance.
Deprives ¦ Him of His Seat for Five
Yenrs for Transacting Business
for W. E. Woodcnd & Co. v V.
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE
. SUSPENDS ANOTHER MEMBER
NEW TORK. May 26.— Electricity in the
subway has claimed Its first victim. While
Hghl circuits were being tested Foreman John
gouthwayd received a current of 30,000 volts.
H»» w«» thrown from a ladder up which he
had ventured to' examine the duct carrying
the cables, and died instantly. The. body was
badly burned. Warning had been Issued to
the men in the tunnel to keep thirty feet dis
tant from the opening of the ducts during the
t*t.
Foreman Receives a Current' of 30,000
Volts While'' Tcstine Light Cir
cuit and Dies Instantly.
WORKMAN MEETS DEATH
IN NEW YORK SUBWAY
FRANKFORT-ON-THE-MAI.W May 2G.—
Subscriptions were opened here to-day for
Jll, 000,000 of the ?35,000.000 5 per cent gold
loan of the Republic of Cuba. The books
were closed at 10 o'clock because the loan
waa heavily over-subscribed. The subscription
price waa 08.
LONDON, May 26. — The small proportion of
the Cuban loan of ?35. 000,000 available for
British subscription was quickly, over-sub
scribed. The lists closed at midday. A pre
mium of lH was quoted. .
Books Opened at Frankfort-on-the-
Matn and London Are Quickly
Closed.
GOLD LOAN' OF CUBA
FINDS READY TAKERS
Foreign Minister Delcaswe Informed the em
ha?sador« that Nlsard's recall, from his post as
Embasnador to the Vatican wan absolute and
unqualified
PARIS, May 26. — The absence of Monstgneur
Lorenzelll, the Papal Nuncio, from the callers
at the Forelm Office on this, the regular dip
lomatic day. was construed by his colleagues
as belnB further, evidence of the interruption
cf diplomatic relations between the Holy See
and France. As dean of the diplomatic corps
MonsiRneur Lorenzelll has Invariably headed
the visitor*.
Monslcncur LorenzcllI, Papal Xuncio.
Remains Away From the Foreign ]
Office on Diplomatic Day.
RECALL. OF EMBASSADOR
XISARD IS UNQUALIFIED
PPF.INGFIELD. III.. May 1'6.— Robert H.Pat
ton of Springfield was nominated for Governor
by the State Prohibition Convention to-day.
NEW YORK. May 20.— J. P. Morgan & Co.
announced to_day that the transfers of gold
incident to the payment of th* J40.000.0CO t,ur
chase money to the Panama Canal Company In
Paris have been completed.
BUDAPEST. May ill!.— The Budget Commit
tee of the Austrian Diet to-day passed the
extraordinary credits for- the army and navy
totalling J33.0o0.000.
WASHINGTON. May 26.— United States
Consul Dudley at Vancouver has cabled the
State Department that an epidemic of smallpox
is feared; that several deaths from that disease
have occurred there and that conditions require
the severest sanitary supervision.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 26.— Interior Min
ister von Plehwe has proposed to the Council of
the Empire an Important project for the repeal
of the law under .which Jews are forbidden to
reside within thirty-two miles of tbe frontier.
On account of the prevalence of smuggling
some years ago the Jewish pale was drawn
back from the border. The new departure is
considered one of the Important steps In th«
execution of Empercr Nicholas' ukase, i Issued
In the early part of 1903. promising freedom
of conscience to his subjects. The Emperor
considered the present time auspicious for the
Inauguration of this reform.
Czar Approves Proposal to Restore a
Measure of Freedom to His
Hebrew Subjects.
RESTRICTIONS AGAINST
JEWS TO BE REMOVED
TA.COM A. May 2rt.— By the first of next
week navigation on the Yukon will be in full
STving. Ti>« steamer Thistle reached Dawj.in
from T>ower I^baree May 19. being just one
week earlier than tbe first steamer arrival
la*t year. Lake Lebarge is nearly clear of Ice.
WASHINGTON. May 26— The Postofflce
Department haj= announced that navigation on
th«> Yukon River, in Alaska, is reopened, and
that rrail matter may be acctnted by |<cs;
officcs for transm!«=!=lrn to any destination in
Alaskan territory. This also includes mails
fur Dawson an'l all other placfs In the Yukon
territory.
Navigation on the Yukon Is Reopened.
WASHINGTON. May 'X. — The following
Califorlans are here: At the New Wlllard—
R. A. Wise. William R. Morton. George E.
Mlddieton. W. H. Middleton. C. Bosse and
Mrs , J E. Merritt of San Francisco; W. H.
Chamberlain of Oakland; at the Raleigh— W.
J. Currer of L«s -Angeles: N. Connor and M.
A. Carberry. of San Francisco, and N. W.
Llebon and wife of San Pedro.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. May 20.— The names de
cided upon for the warships authorized at
the last session of Congress were announced
at the Navy Department to-day as follows:
Battleship, New Hampshire; armored cruis
ers, North Carolina and Montana; scout ships,
Chester, Birmingham and Salem; colliers,
Erie and Ontario.
New Armored Cruisers Designated
as the North Carolina and
the Montana.
BATTLESHIP'S NAME
IS NEW HAMPSHIRE
WASHINGTON, May 26.— United States
Consul General General McWade, at Canton,
advises the State- Department that the plagua
Is sjireadlnr. He reported further that the
Rev. Richard N'oyes, a missionary, had fallen
a victim to the disease.
Consnl McWnde Cables State Depart
ment That a Missionary Has Fallen
a Victim to the Disease.
PLAGUE IS SPREADING
IN DISTRICTS OF CHINA
"If any discute." said he, "should arise I
earnestly hope that It will be settled by board*
of arbitration: not on tht* battlefield, but in
the chamber of conciliation. We have prac
tically the «ame form of government as you,
and we understand what liberty is."
OTTAWA. Ont.. M.-iy 2B.— Cardinal Gibbons,
speaking at a recenticn here, *aid h» felt In
clined to accent the kindness extended to him.
an American citizen, as an evidence of, th« cor
dial relations that fxisted between th« two
countries. Every railway track across tli>?
frontier wan a living vein connectinsr th-^
hearts of Canada and the United States. It
anv diSDUte should evr aripe between ihes?
two nations It would have no reeard to war.
but rather »» to which should surrjasg th*
other In the fields of commerce and trade and
civilization and humanity.
sartl for the United States.
Accepts Kindness Shown Him ns Evi
dence of Canada's Friendly Re-
CARDINAL GIBBONS SPEAKS
AT RECEPTION IN" OTTAWA
WASHINGTON', May 26. — Govern
ment ownership of all wireless tele
graph stations at points where over
sea communication is possible has
been decided by a committee of Cab
inet members to whom the question
was referred, and the X.ivy Depart
ment is proceeding to put the order
into effect. One result of this de
cision will be that Marconi will be
forced to move his stations to Cana
dian soil unless the courts intervene.
The Marconi station on Xantucket
lightship has been ordered discontin
ued and in its place the Navy Depart
ment will establish its own plant.
Government Will Obtain Control of
AH Stations Where Communi
cation Is Possible.
INCLE SAM TO CONTROL
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
WASHINGTON', May 26.— Ignaslus Cal
deron, who succeeds G. Guachalla as Min
ister from Bolivia to the United State?, has
been charged by his Governinent with the
arrangement of a railway loan. Bolivia has
received $10,000,000 as indemnity from Brazil
for the Acre rubber territory, and it Is the
purpose of the Bolivian Government to us»
this fund as the basis for obtaining another
?1O,OOO.OOO. This amount, it is estimated,
will give Bolivia a complete system of rail
ways.
BOLIVIA IS TO HAVE
A RAILWAY SYSTEM
Minister to Washington Hopes to
Negotiate Ten Million-Dollar
Loan.
President of the Ijoliish Valley Road
Tells of His Connection With the
Alleged Coal Trust.
NEW TORK. liny 26. — President "prioma? of
Ifcf l>-.hi?h Va'1*>y Head, In hia tr?timcny be
fore tbe Intimate Ccrr.merce Commission.
•rbich :s conduct irtp an inquiry into the alleged
coal trust, taid that li* fixed the prices of <-oal
rf th" I^high Valley Company tliat is sold at
tidewater.
' Askr-d if ! t was not a, fact that, according to
Ij.s Baswer. it v«f quite possible that the puh
¦ h*A to ray what :•!! the raUroads demand
*n<1 v.hat any one raiiroai demanded, Thomas
f .'.!¦¦! :
"Ton don't believe that any wore than I do;
nobody beUeve* that In a country cf free men
I ' ¦ .-^arj' commodity will be kept from them
t f pnf«Jr prices."
Tttomam said that he conferred with Pre«l-
S«M !'.j»r of tlM railroad liefore issuir.i? the
I • t.> prevail Irf-Rinnir.e April 1. but denied
•iv acTPcment was made rejrariinx voices.
¦ ? »
Fucitlve Embezzler Caught in Mexico
t-'UlCAGO. May J<;.— Herman K. Haas>
f .-•• . t auditor >f th^ Corn Exchange Nations
;. who iy charged with embozzMnc nior
Ihu *17.<^(. lias Irf-en arrestP'1 in MexI<-<
according to ii;fi>niiHtU'n r^c^tvrd to-day h
tin polloe. Haass disarT*ar-d from Chicag
!¦ ii days airo.
. WASHINGTON. May 2»i.— President an
Sir* rheodore R'X>s=«>v<>It entertained at luncl
' a to-day <"ouut C&sslni. th*> Russian Emha?
: V. .7-j<=**rar.d. ih<- Frenrh KmbawadO!
*.-../ H*nor lion j:«r!li-> de Oie-la. the Si>anl>
¦THOMAS (JIVES TESTIMONY
BEFORE THE COMMISSION
Wreden, the new Fire Commissioner,
is president of the Claus Wreden
Brewing Company and also president
of the Brewers' Protective Associa
tion. He is a native of this State and
is 39 years of age. He is a member
of California Parlor, Native Sons of
the Golden West, and of many other
fraternal and social organizations. He
is a Democrat in national politics and
is prominently identified with this
city's commercial interests.
Both appointees will receive their
commissions and assume the duties of
their respective offices to-day.
Mayqr .Schmitz yesterday announced
the appointment of Frank Maestretti
as Commissioner of Public Works and
Henry M. Wreden as a member of the
Fire Commission. Maestretti takes the
place of Thomas P. Woodward, who
was recently appointed City Engineer,
and Wreden succeeds Maestretti on
the Fire Board.
The fact that Maestretti was to be
promoted has already been told, but
the Mayor delayed his formal appoint
ment to the position until he had made
his selection for the Fire Corrimis
sionership.
M .yor Names Maestretti and
Wreden on Works and
Fire Bo:rds.
WASHINGTON, May 26. — Mrs. Thoeba
Hearst, mother of William R. Hearst, has
withdrawn her financial support of the kinder
garten training school which she established
here and which for eight years has borne her
name. She recently announced to the directors
of this institution, which has taken high rank
on account of excellence of Its training, that
she could no longer bear the expense of $l«,0CO
per annum required to maintain it. She said
the condition of her finances would no longer
permit the outlay, certain of her Investments
havins been unprofitable.
Name Will Lose Its Annual
Income of $16,000.
Training School Which Bears , Her
MRS. HEARST WITHDRAWS
HER FINANCIAL SUPPORT
NEW MEMBER OF THE UOA)U>
* OF FIKR COMMISSIONERS, AP
POINTED YESTERDAY.
"War Department Orders— Captain Arthur
V'. Chase, paymaster. Is relieved from dutv
In the Department of California anct will
proceed on a transport to sail from San
FVancisoo on or about July 1 to Manila and
report there to the commanding 1 general of th*
Philippines Division for duty.
Certificates were Issued by the Treasury
Department to-day authorizing the First Na
tional Bank of Hood River. Or., to berm
bvslness with a capital oi fCo.OOO.
The contract for furnishing the fuel to b-»
used in the. public building at Stockton was
awarded to F. S. Terrell & Co.
"WASHINGTON. May CO. — Postmasters com
missioned: California — Charles H. T. liule.
•Tenner. Sonoma County ; Edwin Buhles. La
Park. Ivis Angeles County. "Washington —
Kate Ilendershott, Boundary. Change fourth
class postmaster — DunbartiMi, Monterey Coun
ty. Cyrus A. Still, vice Ko?a M. Cook, re
signed.
Captain Arthur W. Chase, on Duty In
the Department of California,
Is Ordered to Philipines.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Robert L. Cutting, who has conduct
ed the search and who aided In induc
ing Mrs. Jones to return, said to-night
that her mind was clouded and she did
not realize the alarm and anxiety she
had caused her relatives and friends by
going away.
XEW YORK, May 26.— Mrs. H. Leroy
Jones, who mysteriously disappeared
ten days ago, was found to-day in a
lodging-house less than a mile from her
home in West Twelfth street. She was
taken home by her husband. There was
nn affecting scene when ehe clasped
her five-year-old boy Le Roy in her
arms.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The new structure, which is to cost
$1,000,000, will be twenty stories high,
built of white terra cotta and made
fire-proof. It will be an office building,
but the lower floors are to contain a
theater which will be eigmy feet wide.
An entrance 40 by 60 feet is planned,
and the intention is to make it one of
the most beautiful in the city.
The auditorium has been designed, it
is said, with an eye to beauty, safety,
and complete comfort. Its seating ca
piacity will be 2200.
Permission to remodel the Iroquois
Theater on plans suomitted to the
Building Department has been flatly re
fused by Building Commissioner Wil
liams on an opinion from Corporation
Counsel Tolman. Major Tolman said
the theater would not be allowed to re
open until every provision of the the
ater ordinance had been complied with
and intimated it might be found im
possible to remodel the interior of the
playhouse to conform with the law.
CHICAGO. May 26.— The last steps
necessary for securing the site for the
new theater in Mqnroe street, between
Dearborn and State streets, have been
taken at a meeting of the Board of
Education, when the transfer of the
lease from the Boomer & Gore estates
to Mrs. E. J. Lehmann was approved.
The condition imposed was that a fire
proof building be erected on the prop
erty not later than the end of the year
1905.
"The man fled and we have not seen
him since. He was a middle-aged
man,j)f portly build and florid com
plexion."
XEW YORK, May 26. — Investiga
tion as i to the motive which prompted
David Levy to take his life in the
Equitable building on Wednesday after
failing to negotiate a loan of $450,000,
has led his friends to the conclusion
that the mysterious stranger who fled
after the shooting can alone explain
the act. That this man had some hold
upon Levy and had demanded the im
mediate payment of $30,000 was stated
by one of Levy's friends to-day. In
recalling the incidents which preceded
the suicide, one of the lawyers said:
"There .was a strange man who
called during our business meeting
with Mr. Levy and when the decision
was reached not to advance the loan.
Levy declared that he must have
$30,000 at once. Mr. Levy asked him
to be le'ft alone, as he wanted to think
it over.
"A pistol shot was then heard and
Lawyer Dorthy was the first to enter.
The mysterious stranger followed him.
Seeing Mr. Levy lying on the floor
with a pistol beside him, Dorthy
turned to the stranger and said:
" 'This .is your work!'
Special Dispatch to The Call
SALT LAKE, Utah. May 28.— Through
the forming of a short circuit by means
of their steel tape wire coming in
contact with a high tension light wire
of the Telluride Power Company,
Adolph Jessen. a pioneer mining engi
ner of Bait Lake, and his assistant.
Loren Allred of Spring City, Utah,
were killed this af ternooon. 5000^ volts
passing through their, bodies.
The accident occurred on a plateau
500 feet above Blngham Canyon, near
the town of that name. Jessen and
Allred were surveying for E. A. "Wall
of Salt Lake, and had worked their
way above the wires of the Telluride
Company, which rise at this point to a
height of mpre than 400 feet. The steel
tape had became entangled In brush
and Je£?en sent an assistant named
Cordelia to straighten it out. The wirw
came up with a bound and struck the
low-hanging cable and both men
dropped dead to the ground.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Benson had been held in the sum of
310,000 bail by United States Com
missioner Shields fpr extradition to
TVashinfrton on the indictments alleg
'lng bribery, on which he was arrested
In. this city. Judge Laeombe sustains
Commissioner Shields' findings.
Th^re is another indictment ngair.st
Benson pendlr.sr before Commissioner
Fhields. Benson and his alleged asso
ciate. Hyde and Dimond. are also un
der indictment in San Francisco on
lothnr charges prowing out of th<* in
voptieation of Their alleged complicity
In frauds in Government, school and
Oliver lands on the charge of con
spiracy. Hundreds of thousands of
• acres of lands of great value are ln-
VO.lvori.
.T'jp • indictments Tv-ere found in
TV.irJiinpton. but all the pariies are
rr^-rinuts of California.,
• NEW YORK. May 26. — Judge La
o?ir.be in the United States Circuit
Court to-day dismissed the writ of
habeas corpus secured by counsel for
John E. Benson, the California real
estate dealer, who was indicted for
'bribery and fraud in connection with
the allrjred land frauds.
•Benson was held by Commissioner
Ef-'e'iP f° r extradition to Washington
¦end the writ was secured to prevent
h'.s removal to that city for trial. He
»ill now have to go.
Does Xot Appear to Realize
the Alarm and Anxiety
She Caused Her Relatives
Permission to Remodel the
Iroquois on the Plans Sub
mitted Ts Flatly Refused
Negotiate a Loan to Meet
Claim of His Companion
Tragedy Follows Failure to
Californian Makes Unsuc
cessful Fijrht Against Ex
tradition to Washington
Five Thousand Yolts Pass
Through the Bodies of
the Unfortunate Victims
HER MIND IS CLOUDED
DESIGNED FOR SAFETY
The injured: Tobe Letzicouch. deck
hand, Wellsburg, W. Va., probably fa
tal; Carl Cody, cabin boy, Brockton,
Ohio, blown 125 feet to shore, serious;
William Titus, Pittsburg; John Miller,
Allegheny. Pa.; William Miller, Alle
gheny. Pa.; Albert E. Stewart, v Mid
dle=port, Ohio: Emma Williamson,
chambermaid, Pittsburg, Pa.
Nine others were slightly injured. All
the injured except Letzicouch will re
cover.
Only three bodies have thus far been
recovered, those of Sherman Shibler,
Patrick White and J. C. Johnson, who
died in a hospital. The bodies of the
other seven victims are thought to be
pinned under the wreckage and may
not be recovered for several days.
Three deckhands reported as missing
and thought to have swelled the num
ber of dead to thirteen were afterward
found in local hospitals!
The Fred Wilson was the property of
the Monogahela River Consolidated
Coal and Coke Companj', and at the
time of the accident was arranging her
tow near Rivervlew Park, about sixty
feet from shore.
No good explanation of the cause of
the accident has been offered. The
most plausible theory is offered by
some of the deckhands, who suggest
that there may have been an excess of
mud in the boilers.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 26.— The
towboat Fred Wilson was torn to splin
ters, ten men were blown to pieces and
sixteen others injured by a tremendous
explosion of the boat's boilers at 3:30
o'clock this morning. Of the thirty
three persons aboard the boat only
seven escaped unhurt. Of the injured,
one will probably die. The force of the
explosion was so great that It shat
tered windows and awakened the occu
pants of houses in Louisville, four
miles from the scene. The dead:
JOSEPH PRICE, captain, Braddock,
Pennsylvania.
ALBERT H. MILLER, pilot, Pitts
burg.
AV. A. HOLLAND, guest of captain,
Braddock, Pa.
WILLIAM QUINN, steward, Pitts
burg.
HUGH McHOSKINS, cook. Pitta
burg.
J. C. JOHNSON, deckhand, Tryon,
Pa.
PATRICK WHITE, deckhand, Pitts
burg.
SHERMAN SH1BLER, second engi
neer, Pittsburg.
WILLIAM THORNTON (colored),
fireman, Middlesboro. Ohio. '
JOSEPH WARREN (colored), fire
man, Middlesboro, Ohio.
Others of the Crew Badly
Injured and One of Them
Is Not Likely to Kecover
DEATH COMES SUDDENLY
DEMAND' FOK MONEY
MUST FACE INDICTMENT
DEATH INSTANTANEOUS
Mysterious Stranger Alone
Can Explain the Suicide of
a New York Business Man
Playhouse Is to Be Erected
on Monroe Street in a
Fire Proof Skyscraper
Steel Tape Being Used by
Them Comes in Contact
With High Tension Wire
Mud in Boilers of the Tow
boat Fred Wilson Cause of
Disaster Xear Louisville
Mrs. H. Leroy Jones Who
Disappeared in New York
Found in a Lodging-House
Circuit Judge Lacombe of
New York Decides Against
Accused Land Speculator
TEN MEN DIE
IN EXPLOSION
RETURNS HOME
WITH HUSBAND
BENSON'S WRIT
IS DISMISSED
TWO ENGINEERS
ELECTROCUTED
NEW THEATER
FOR CHICAGO
APPOINTS
TWO MEN
TO OFFICE
LEVY HODNDED
TO HIS DEHH
THE SAN FRANCISCO i CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1904.
5
r rvrvrv ??>*»*». ««rrrr t rjtPAr.VLvmiVMK r t *> c r *>,»»r, »***,**, trv*****, » 99 ** *»».+M W.W. *M*.*MK ».*.*,*.*.*,
I — — — ¦ *
t Ouilng Waists and Skirts jj
I Special Values in Women's Stylish Summer Garments J
Thousands will spend the coming few days away from the city. We have j^I^IL 3«
m ; - preat preparations to supply the many who need extra waists and other out- -^
t injr apparel— good style things made for wear and comfort at very little prices. g|> S^| " <f
5 ".t Sale 500 New Lawn Waists— Prettily tucked and hemstitched and neatly /rnkm
* made, faggoted stock and tucked cuffs, good quality lawn; regularly EZffft*-* :^P\^!>v $
/J 75c: Friday and Saturday only, while quantity lasts - Vl/t /j^WM
* . Sale IOO China Waists— Beautifully Bulgarian embroidered <£*% £% £Z I \ )i^M^C% 5
(s«: turej or :;ir insertrd, with neat designs. Beth of these arcentitely newsty.es, jy /'/ III \\ \Y*''n\ %
. .*- rxciuiivcly ours; regular value : 4.00 each. To-day and while quantity lasts, only. . . . *» II (jW\ jAS-'l 'J
V The above waists will be suitable for the "hop'" that f I //\li\l\| jBi» i %
¦ t: you expect to attend in the country Saturday night. \ I # S^Jwa^&ffl '*
J Piqac Oalinj Skirls— Hips trimmed with same material as skirt and {£*£ O i^ \ I /^d^Cf^^f M \
% »-ith buttons; a tip-top s'-;:r: tor a ho'.idav trip, and very special value it..«9«0 <£a %JP V y^jf, /oi^-!". 1 .'! n } \
fc" Wool Crash SKirt5— In pretty mixtures, very jaunty EZHi %%'?>%' '" > ' %
i %Y-w I
* ¦ :<«
* §WTWS%''-~ Gtqves at Half \
• \ |J^--t^J£^rArV^J=a To-Day and Saturday 5
.J 2000 pairs of these stylish extra quality Lisle Mesh Gloves, with handsome open- ««
': j; work: hand and wrist; in white, mode, grays, slate and fast black; sizes #/£*» $
*: 6 to 7y 2 . A 35c quality for the two davs only; pair •"¦* 5
1 Great SSihhon Sale Ladies' Vacation Hats I
2 lOc and 14c Yard , r Dress Hats, Flowers s
», , . . Tlrf t' u T r% ' t *" ... ... L* 1 '? 6 French Sailor Hats in fancv pmr- *A ,f
¦» Anotner of I he Lmponam s unmatchab:e ribbon apple braid ~65c f*ftftW '*
H sales to-day and Saturday. Two great lots of the most children's larje Sailor Hats, Cuban or _^^L 5
* wanted kinds cl ribbons a: about ha'f usual prices. frricy straw, with satin band and '*
aV Over ,'COO yards superior firiih p I a Jn Taffeta "reamer., only 45 O !•
% Ribbon? 4 inches wide, in t:l ot :h: "Syndicate" co - WoTt!1 ' s French Sailor, in frncy rough : traw, " *5^^[Vf^v'^^ 'J
J on; among which vou will find pink, bluei green, card- ™ :i wi h velvet ribboni and *£j ££ T^AJiJr *
1 nal. Ecarjet. turquoise, lavender, national, mais, cream, Tramping Hali-Of Cuban bird .'.."..¦ &-Wffl *
- white, b.ack. " 2 5o and 5Oc W'-i J_S( «
X A food crif? quality, ret soft and p!iab!e, for tyiag all kinds of bowi, Trimmtd DreJS rJits — New Ijcr, horse ha r .¦ ', V~^ri^j^' » If
»» worth nearly double the tale rrce for the two days; yard. . . 14c and ch'ffjn effects; food ralues for 56. •' * '•'fT&p^l' '%
\ Fancy Novcltv Hi ;hons - 4, +»^ arid 5 inch wid: plaid*, $7. 00 and JS. 00; our price . . . $df. m Qij '"' •?
j^ r.r.pes, firurr*, etc.; all the popular colorings and combinations, a Flcwers, Beautiful and Cheap — Ve.vet forget-mi-nots, 200 «
jf dozrn ciffcrect lots, of which we have but a few hundred yardt of bunch; tilk mot* rossbud* with foliage, 2iSO bunch- white £va. Jf
£ each remaining; 15c to :oc values; to-day and Satur- tf|| A cinthi, f6o bunch; crushed roses, J8C lunch; 'red poppi'-j -<
f day, yard #t#Cr 25o burch; carnations, 35c. •}
I Hn<sl&r*\f zSfBr* SRe*M<z Butter Sale ;4
. E &$dM& rWU&l&ry *9UU OGBMS, aOC Groceries, Liquors, Etc. |
• $ Women's fast b'.ack Lace Lire Ho«; cJ^^S^?!r s! *** w For Friday and Saturday. %
£ ' ccrrclyccw and very pretty lace de- /^^^^r^l^^. Buttcr ~ Our cftoicc Creamery, regu- J
2 signs: as a Decoration Dry s F ec:al j^^ 3121^^^^^^^^ l " " Ze U " CS • • • • 34c *
.*• we offer them for Friday "T_- -siS^^^ BcsfCoIIce — Java and Wicha. in- %
•J «nd Satarday only, pair. M+JC stead ot 35c 1b. . . . . 29o \
* Children's School Hosc-F»t black, \^.^^ES->^ Emporium Bakta£ Powder - • i-.b j
'J*. coubie knee, heei and toe; sizes 5 Vvn>^ • n !*?* ' ' ~ ' '• ' ' ' '* ' X
*' ' »/ _.; r «Af A Pet Cmm - Carnation or Li.y, 3 ins. 2BO 5
». t°?A} P ar • • • • - i£ u G jco of these ultra stylish belts of Old 0 lobe Whiskey- For the t|o days gal- g
* ; Childrcn'i Tan Hose (the new shaacs) w k d hJ taffeta silk, orna- P lon . ' 0 * * lu* V '• ' : \* 2 '°°
* a.o Hermsd.rt black, one by one Verrnouth-Genu,ne im orted^bo, J
f nb f sii*>finished cotton; pair. 25O and crochet rings, nickel bbck'es. Orange Cider- Popular summer jdrink, two '2
i W& rrjr,;krr. t v,: &*. * 4^ ... w.. $%$$% ; ipisS -I
* jdritrWpdb <**!;<»: day «nd Sitard,jr only . . 3SC Clmt-Em. A.ti »in,, >n.» I %%„ »
¦*' m^ mmm Bmmm^^mmmmmK^mmmmi^mmmmmmmm^^mmm Mmmmmmmm**mmmmammmmmmm^mmmH^mmmmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmm HMHHMMaMHMiHBMM^MNMt^^^i^^M
g Accept the hospital- *Y/F jCt** * • Balance of |
J- ity cf this store when jrr!if> /Jr^MLS £+snJ- 'r m * 'km*>. Our Grave *
:*» ing and writing rooms, and California's labgest- Jr |MM^—^^^**""'" These are the large Jr
i a Z lace < tO u^V's ba ?* age ' -¦BaB aMBpJ !!icn cx7cnAJJDCCT3Tonc "'*' "'"* h '<* 1 "" J " «
j ana get a check for tt. ¦ »«iw«a»iiMittaT vivik . j»
THE EMPORIUM
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM
THE EMPORIUM
THE EMPORIUM.
***** ****** ****** *************** ****** »***»* ****** ******** ****** ****** ******!
| Extra Good Clothing Values
i For Our Friday and Saturday Customers |
•f Buy any one of these advertised garments, or any other t» . , t] j /'*C\i\M^
\ garment for man or boy in our clothing stock, take it home, jtfjk *\| jj \fi /'^//^''$\i
* let every member of the family examine and criticize it; £%&£ If .if rfrisp^*^te0l w0^^kf^.
»r then if you are not satisfied that you have obtained more yjmfa ill |
£ for your monev from us than you could have obtained else- /W&& JJ | J5r
f where, bring the garment back in the condition in which MgSI iliiiN *P*^]B$tL 1/ 'Iffll
»; you received it, and have your money returned without //jffigm j|u flJr-r^Jr/JHfflJj - . jA$9'
I queStl ° n ' Mew's Suits for $10. QO
t Many of them are regular $12.50 values, even here; others
ll better than usual $10.00 suits. Compare them and satisfy your- ' V.'.V '~£3JjS£rili, '^ %$/ A
J! selves. There arc suits of black cheviot, b"ue and black worsted : *^tj£y^-^fj^j!feg^|;;7 /ff/, S"£~Qk
»,* serge, and abou: ten of the very latest mixtures, p'aids and "^V^^^^
\ stripes, all good ' ones. Something for men of all ag;s and
Jf ta?tes, and you can be frtsd perfect'v in the stvle vou like. r^ffi
$ g Youths' Suits lor SIO.QO
t£ Sizes fcr 15 years up to the smail men's sizes to 36 chest. This a^^^^^^^^^^^^^-gj
}f is a good chance for the sender men to save something on the .
af price of their suit and get a perfect fi:, tco. Thcs: suits arc mad: W^^I^^^SSS^^^BIm
J> in the "Harvard" 5 and 4 buttons, single-breasted sacks, a «^^^^^'-^0^^^^i^^^^
a£ style that his bcrcme popular among the particu'ar young men of
%' San Francisco. Choose from over a dozen of the very later. S^^^^-'^'^^^^fEK^fi*?^
£ cloths, in nobby mixtures of brown, grays, o ives and stce 1 gravs. lipl^ :^i^RJ^ySi/^^
I Men's Bicycle Svits at Hall Price-Scotch Tweeds and Cheviots, that j^^i^P^Mffl^f^'fi
i were .«¦ 5.00 to $1 2. 50, now to close . . $2.50 to $6.25
% Men's BiKc Panls Hal! Price— To close out, $1.00 to $1.50 t PSswvsBS^
fc* a pair, Friday and Saturday, for the lucky ones who come soon
g enough to secure a pair. ,^^^^
K Men's French Flannel OutinJ Suits— Dark striped effects onlv; in- SSSlifc^ r^®W^iB^
5 stead of" 50 and $ 10, Friday and Saturday to close . $6.35
I Bargains for Boys J^/^^Jk^^^LhBS
I $4.00 to $6.00 Suits, $2.95 WM
Jf Two-Piece and Norfolk Suits- -Sizes 7 to 15 years, light and dark colon, neat fE&^t *22afct&
fc" mixtures, balance of a mmufucruier's broken stock; anl all broken lots of fins EsInA
H novelty suits, in rz:s 3 to 6 years only; tulcs that were 55.00 and _ g% eg
i\ 56. od, now all reduced to the one astonishingly low price .... <2>4S» <t«#«9 -
af k
$ Sale Men's Shirts 55c, etc. Sale of Men's
i Some splendid bargains for Friday and Saturday. Vacation Shoes
K; Men's Golf Shirts— Made for this season's trade Sale Shield ' Bows — And string midgets, made*
Jf (net out of date or undesirabie patterns, but from the ihor: end* of 50c lilki, :oo dirfer- Men's White Can VaS Oxfords,
*f clever styles), well' cat, perfect fitting, the ' erenr designs, Fdday and Saturday 0 1% . ' ,-- : r-.
S celebrated Wachusetts make, to-day ffff only, each. . IOC White Canvas Lace 5hoeS
Jf and Saturday only/ ¦'. . ... . .55C Summer Neckwear -Special lot of new sum- , Khaki Ovfnr^ nnd I ice
5 Men's Suspenders-Well made, leather arM mer silks, in a great variety ofpat- a . nd K " akl and Lace
5 wosted ends, 35c value, Friday and - o _- terns— four-in-hand foulards . . . XOG Shoes, all With full COmfort-
af . Saturday only, pa'r . . .... . mZJG Mtn's Half Hose— Fancy lisle thread and bal-
** Men's Handkerchiefs— All ?ure linen, full sire, briggan, in all the corrrct summer able toes, and regularly sold
ft. narrow hemstitched, 50c value, 0%IS^ styles; 6 pairs $1.4-0; or pair . dGOC +. _ n . cnp -: a i f nr
ff sp«ial Friday and Saturday.. 25C Egyptian Balbri«an I'aderwear- Light at 5 1 ' 50 P air » Special lor
Jf Nejjlijte Shirts— In madras and cheviotv b weight for presrnt ns?j shiro havs French ' Friday and Sat'^^ *%£%
h fancy striprs, also in percales in _ -, woven n:cks, colori pink f% J5% g m .fjl
J. -dotted, stripei and figured effects ¦ 5 UC and blue, garment . . ; ¦ . . .QUO Urday Only • •
I StrawHats I *-//!+ *?* 1 7" \ V*** 10 ***-
* Genuine Panamas, very */zs+ sKmms ih^A-** * r*^ Russet color, full exten-
l ¦f,nequality.-.OT.50 sion so e good service-
I: Imitation Panamas- able sightly shoes; spe-
i Porto Rico Straw . . California's largest- "^ ciai Friday and Satur-
Jf $1.85, S2.5O, $3.35 -TU^ffifffi'Jr- I ' i!i&M *Miiiii » , grandest stors day, pair • . $2.50
* f ' ' " " ' ' '
\AAAAA AA44AA AA4A4AAAA4A W4*'** tt « «« W«*4 V* WtWDDl «1««**'4 V» Vl A '*'* •**'*•****'* WAX*** "A *«'4 Vrttt AA'AACAMBRIDGE. Mass.. May. 28.— The Har
vard faculty ha* placed a ban on the St.
Louis Olympian games and no Harvard team
will be sent to compete. Individual students
who mar compete will do so without Har
vard's sanction. The faculty U opposed to the
games because it believes - there will be many
professionals competing under the guise of
amateurs, and It is declared by soaie officials
that tome ' of the Western colleges will enter
min who will be" paid for their eervlc«a.
N'o Harvard Team at St. Louis.
ANGELS CAMP. May 26.— Robert Churicb,
an Austrian miner, 33 years of age. died her*
last night from injuries received last Tuesday
afternoon while at work in the Melon** mine,
about six miles from here. A heavy rock fall,
ing a, short distance struck him.- crushing his
back and side. T--/
CHICAGO. May 2iS. — At a meeting of
representatives of the principal broom
manufacturing company of the United
States held here, action has been taken
which practically insures the formation
of a combination of the principal com
panies under the name of the National
Broom Company. The new company
will be formed on a strict basis of act
ual valuation. ,
At the meeting it was decided to in
clude only about seventeen or eighteen
of the larger broom companies of the
country and to put the capital stock
at about $4,000,000.
BKOOM MAWFACTTOItlES
WILli FORM A COMBINE
SAN JOSE. May 25.— "William Jeffer
son was arrested yesterday by Depu
ty Sheriff Stewart for grand larceny,
alleged to have been committed in Los
Angeles in 1302, when he took a horse
and buggy from the Eureka stable*,
Jefferson had been living in Oakland
and just arrived here when he was ar
rested. He was recognized from a pic-*'
ture and description received here.
Arrested for un OKI Crime.
Puppy vtake. twenty- four entrie* — Roman
vs. Queen's Beauty: Octavlus vs. Lady Keif:
Menlo Queen vs. Stinparee; Proper vs. Acr
eodh; Lidda vs. Silent Water: Lady Royer vs.
Ramona; Creole Belle rn. Croix D; Cassle W
vs. Youjpg McDonlad; Gardlce v«. Armadah;
Good as Gold vs. Pasha Kin*: Lady Dorritt
vs. Black Lucy; Glitter vo. Brijrht Columbia.
Open stake, ninety- six entries — Real Duchess
vs. Progresoo: Nellie M vs. Frisky Barbara;
Aurella vs. Plouphman: Equator vs. Balendlne;
Idleness vs. Thelma: Jerry Wrtitht vs.
Glancing Pasha: My Bonnie King- v«. Jessie
Dear; Yankee Boy Vs. Sir Winton: Evil Eye
vs. Real Pasha; Pure Pearl vs. Foxhunter;
Idaho Boy vs. Lord Granard: Fortuna Angel
vs. Colored Lady; Taroora vs. Tralee Lass;
Donnybrook vs. Rcmi?Fo Animo: Monbells vs.
Lucky Shamrock: Gold.n Garter vs. Frisky
Boy; Aggie W vs. Helen Hayes; Sofala. vjn
Lady Newark; Alpie McDonald vs. Imperious ;
Star Sylvanus vs. Doc Burns; Tobnsco Bob vs.
Roy Hughle; Golden Feather vs. Pepper Jack:
Yellowtall vs. ' Hurry On; Intruder T». Dart
away; Prompto vs. Northern Lad; Articulate
vs. Royal Friend: Wattles vs. Little Lucy;
Mark Twain vs. Yerba. Buena; Forest Fire vs.
Lulu Girl; My Grafter vs. Mellinwood; Don
Pedro v». Finn Fellow;' Commercial Traveler
v*. Luxury; General Fremont vs. Grace Green
wood; Dear Gaston vs. Hermit; Master Rocket
v». Our Myra: Miss Brummel vs. Lily Wright;
Conrny vi. Una; May Conley v». Orsina; Pre
cita Maid ts. Bob R; Peter Mclntyre vs. Irish
Lad: Haddlnpton vs. Young Klamath: Fen:l
vs." W*dpewood: Miss Luclle v». Wait For Me;
Belfast vs* Dorten; Haughty Helen vs. Ea?!e
Bird ; Agitator vs. Silver Cloud ; Beauty Gold
vs. Old Ironsides; Frisco Lad rs. Trotting Bob.
Two etake*. with a total of one hundred and
twenty greyhounds entered, will provide sport
on Saturday and Sunday at Ingleside Coursing
Park. Twenty-four promising: puppies will
start in the baby event. The draw last nlsht
resulted as follows:
Twenty-Fonr Puppies Will Compete
on Satnrdajr— Open Event for
Seasoned Performers.
YOUXC GREYHOUNDS KNTERED
IX A STAKE AT INGLESIDE
Wife Asks for Support.
OAKLAND, May It;.— Because Gustave
Olsfn ha s fatW "to rrovide her with the
necessaries of life Mrs. Carrie Olsen u>-day
bc«;an a suit tor maintenance a«;i!n«t him:
she has a!sj «.«ke«i that lie b<? restrained from
tlrawi-!jr out *,'0t) he has in the O&klaad Hank
of i=HvSnc«. as he has threatened to tak« It
and no to Sweden. She wants $20 a month
alimony.
Plan Big Meanorinl Evening.
nERKLLEY. Mar "6. — A lonp and enter
taining prosTamme ha* been arranged by the
ricn.bers of Lockout Mountain Post and the
Woman's lielirf Corps of this city for memorial
?vet:tn:. which is to be held on May 1 30 in
Fhattuck Hall Among the number* is an ad
dr«*« t« be delivered by C\uinty Superintendent
of School* T\ O. Crawford. The rrt<ramm«
will be inttr*r*rw<l with musical selections by
the b*»t local talcr.t.
Childs Convicted.
OAKLAND. May 2G.— Harry ChlUs. an cx
ccavjcl.. was convicted of burglary In the
second degree to-day «nd he will be up for
•vntencc on nest Tuesday. He ha* done a
t«rm in San Cuentin for assault to murder
and has now been convicted of a burglary in
Alamed* and it is believed ls> resr*msib!e for
a number of others. His conviction is due to
the tes tlmony of Ed Martin, a pal.
Bunrlars at Work.
OAKLAND. May S5.— Burslars rtole a
hrac-rlel lart r.ifht from Adolph Holler's res
idence, »3T Ctnir** 1 !! rtre^t. Thieves w«r»
frtrhiencd away lust r.'.^fct from the Str»t
tcn residence. Ninth avenue and East Twelfth
vtreet.
Xotre Dame Academy Closing.
ALAMEDA. Mar W— Notre D»me Academy,
Chestnut strset and San Jose avenue, will hold
its ciorlnff exercises In Notre Dame Hall on
Thursday morning:. June 2, at 10 o'clock. There
will be a programme of musical and literary
numbers and medals will be awarded to pupils
who fcav« . excelled in their studies in the. va
rious drparUscnts.
Oakland Physician Appointed.
OAKLAND. May 20. — Dr. R. B. Williams
cf this city has been appointed chief silr
ceon of the North Shore Railroad, and ha
will s.Vn Kiro up his practice to assure* hi*
new <!;:tic5. The doctor's headquarters will
be at Sausslllo.
Georce S. Evans 111.
OAKLAND. May 23.— Oorre S." Evans, a
t&aznber of the . Board of Library Trustees. Is
very 111 with typhoid fev*r at Bt. Thomas
Hoerttal la Saa Francisco.* The, worst pe
riod of f h# Illness baa already passed, how
ever, and Mr. Evaas U now improving.
Aotoniobilist Fined.
OAKLAND, May 2tt.— H. F. Katun, a San
Fraaeteco business man. paid « * 10 fine in
1 ho Police Court to-day for automchilins too
ta*l ihroucb Oakland's streets while trytne
to catch a boat.
Threatens Former Wife.
OAKLANP. May £<L— Edward P. Johnson,
a rtvll engineer. tra» convicted to-day tn the
P«>Hc* Conrt of threatenlnir to Injur* his former
wife, Mr*. Minnie Johnson. Sentence will be
(¦assed to-morrow.
OAKLAND. May 2G.— Articles of incorpora
tion of the !?t. Anthony Jlcspltal were filed
with the County Clerk to-day. The capital
•tock is KZO.OOO. of whicS $70,000 has been
•ubtcribed. The directors are M. M. Encs.
David Williams. J. A. PUvelra. J. J. Retten
court and John Vallacao.
The Standard Briquette Company «¦»» in
orrtwated to-<iay *1th a. ranilal stock of
fCOP.OOO. The director? are Georse A. Cock
ertcn. H. Nash. J. l>. Crawford, J. J. Crmw
ftrd. E. C. Roblcscn.
1 nconxirsuions.
NEW YORK. May 26. — Frank Me- !
Kee arrived on the Majestic to-day, !
very well uleased with the results of j
his brief European trip.
"Mme. Bernhardt has made such a !
hit in 'The Sorceress' this season that j
I was very anxious to get her to make i
an American tour." said he. "It has j
been the success |>f the season -in 1
Paris. We came to an understanding |
and she has signed a contract for!
twenty weeks, beginning next Janu- i
ary. Then there is also the privilege
of an extension of four or five weeks,
if the conditions warrant. She will
appear principally in The Sorceress,'
but also will be seen in other plays of
her repertoire, including 'Sapho.' "
Will Appear in This Country in 4 *The
Sorceress" and Other Plays of
Her Repertoire.
SARAH BERNHAKDT SIGNS
FOR .AN AMERICAN TOCR
OAKLAND. May 2U. — The first annual pie
nit of St. John's parish will take place at
Berkeley Saturday. A special car will leave
Eighth street and Broadway at 8:33 a. m..
leaving Berkeley in the evenine at « o'clock
Hacrs and other sports will furnish amu?e
nKnt during the day nnd a game of baseball
will be played nn the university diamond.
Many prizos have been provided and a general
rood tirre is assured. •
St. John's Parish Picnic.
OMAHA, Neb,, May 26.— The divi
sion superintendents of the Union Pa
cific Railroad, in conference with Gen
eral Manager Mohler. have completed
the work of districting that road. Thv
changes take 225 miles from the • Ne
braska division between North Platb
and Cheyenne, which is transferred to
the Wyoming division. That part of
the Kansas division between Ellis an!
Cheyenne Wells. 159 miles long. *:ll
be turned into the Colorado division.
The line from Oakley to Plah^vi'.I*.
Kans., 121 miles in lerurth. also' wilt
be transferred from the Kansas to the
Colorado district.
Divisions Through Western
State:*.
Changes Are Made in the 3Iake-Up o!
DISTRICTINC; OF I NION
PACIFIC COMPLETED
Hi£h School Graduates
.•\L*AMt.i>A. aiay .». — irinc;pai ."\. v» . ccntj
cf the Alameda Hich School to-day announced
Qir names cf the following ** those who will
rec«iv« c:.;: mis at the ronmencement ex
ercises to b» held in Assembly Hall next
Thursday night: Arthur C. Alvarez. Margaret
Templeton Becker. Nica Belcher. Miriam
Crt^tr. Jean ivor«ch. Mary Freda Dualop.
Kmct y»!liere Gras*. Frieda Beatrice Hanscn,
Evelyn M. Johnson. Helen Krauth. Pearl
Locke. Alexander Mack:? Jr.. Aiextne Mitchell.
Stephen Otis. Gertruvl* M. P'ummer, Muraon
M Re«d. WilhelmiTia Truman Pale. Rp»»
EveraJyn Schmidt. Catherine do Ctnsn Searle.
P-ruc* Hrwtcer. Myrtle Alberta Ward. Mar-
ALAMEDA. May 2t>.— Rudolph Martin, who
conducts a coal yard on Sherman^ jtrt-et anl
Railroad avenue, was ancsted this'evening by
l>etective Georce Urown on complaint of Mr-
FraJices Hager. who claims that Martin at
tacked and beat her brutally when she callid
at his office lft>s afternoon to visit her 10
year-old daughter, who Is employed by Mar
tin at a bookkeeper. The woman says that
she objected to Martin'* attentions to the girl
and he became enraged and utruck her. Mar
tin was released on $150 baU.
Says She Was Beaten.
BERKELEY. May 2ti.— The mar.gle<] body of
a tramp was found lying alongside the. track*
at Postn station, in West Berkeley, this morn
ing It bad evidently been lyint there all
nisht and there were indications that the un
fortunate man had lived for some time in
terrible agony after he had been struck. All
around the grajs wa» torn up. mute evldenc;
of the frantic efforts of th<^ man to attract
attention. Both lyjrs were broken and there
was a great gash in the head There was
nothing in the pockets that might help to
revoal his identity, only a number of trinketa
cf little value.
Train Kills Tramp.
OAKLAND. May Sft, — The following msr
t:-» licer.stfF were issued by the County Clerk
to-fiay: Mark Strvuse, over 21, L*'? Anseles.
anj Maud p. Myers, over IS. Oakland: Andrew
- P McGtnri. 24. Cincinnati, Ohio, and Ida M.
•Kr.uds.in. 2-t. Oakland; Edward J. William
¦ «on. 2T. and LMah M. Hill. 21. both of Oak
land: H. IVnn Mitchell. S», and Anita Harr. 2\
bott. of San Francisco: tJeorge W. White. 47.
and E. '.--,.¦. Hutrl-.inwm, 37, both of San
Francisco; Arthur Rcthe, .in, cf Jolon. and
Haltie Wllliford. 24. of Bradley: Ronald C.
Konn»iJy. over 21. of Hilt>. H. T.. and Alice
Hiwxhurst. over 18. Alameda: Maruel S. da
Motta, 2". and Sarah R. Martin. IS, both of
Ban Lcaadro.
Marriage Licenses.
BUTTE. Mont.. May 26. — The where
abouts of pretty Edna Wiggins is prov
ing a mystery that is taxing the in
genuity of the police force. Miss
Wiggins disappeared from her home
a week ago and the police have been
unable to obtain any trace of her. The
police believe that she has been kid
naped and two prominent young men
about town, with a hack driver, are
believed to have been in the plot. They
have been under surveillance and
"sweated" by the detectives, but they
deny any knowledge of where the girl
is at the present time, though they
admit having seen her since she dis
appeared from home.
Edna Wiggins is described as an ex
tremely pretty girl. Just past 17 years
old. She had been employed as a
clerk in several downtown stores and
Is well known in Butte's younger set.
Friends Believe She Has
Been Kidnaped.
Pretty Girl of • Butte Disappears and
POLICE ARE MYSTIFIED
BY MAIDEN'S ABSENCE
BUFFALO, May 2fi. — To-day's sessions
of the Presbyterian Assembly closed A~.:f.
great excitement and with the question of I
union with the Cumberland branch still un
settled. A resolution offered by the Rer. John
Crason of Brooklyn, fixing the time for tak
ing the vote on the question, was passed, it
fixed the time for a vote at 11:00 o'clock to
morrow and limits the remaining addresae.-*
to ten minutes each. The drift of debat?
to-day favored union.
DALLAS. Tex.. May 26. — Tha General A.»
s^mbly of the Cumberland Presbyter! «n
church adjourned to-night until the thl.l
Thursday cf May. 1M& and the place of th<*
next meeting will be Fresno. CaU A report
of the committee on overtures, requesting that
all Cumberland Presbyterian minister? refw»
to perform the marriase ceremony 'or any man
or woman divorced for any reason except
adultery waa adopted.
GREENVILLE. Pa.. May 2R.— At its fl:^:
business session to-day th« L"nit*d Presby
terian General Assembly elected ur.an:mou«ly
as moderator Dr. J. W. WHhtrrspcon (J Alle
gheny. Fa.
berland Branch Will Be Voted
Upon To- Day.
Question of a Union With the Cum-
PRESBYTERIAN ASSEMBLY
HOLDS EXCITING SESSION
OAKLAND. May 26.— Mrs. N. Mcrraler. re
siding at 2337 Shattuck avenue. Berkeley, waa
held ap by a negro at 10:30 o'clock to-nieht oa
Pine street, near Seventh. The footpad
snatched a purse that ccntained 30 cents and a
gold watch from the woman and disappeared.
The police were notified.
Woman Is Held Up.
Carmack for Vice President.
JfASHVILLE. Tenn.. May J»5.— The Demo
cratic State Convention r?33?»mbled to-day andi
nominated the following: Secretary of State.
Jot.n W. Morton; Comptroller. Frank Dlbrlll:
Treasurer. R. E. Folk; Railroad Commissioner,
K. A. Er.lo. Senator Carmack waa indorse!
for the Vice Presidency.
BERKELEY, May -0 — F.laborate exercise*
• ill n:arV the pra<Ji:atlon on Friday afternoon
ft a claw" cf r'.x fr»m tiw .<t. Joseph's Acad
«tny for boys at IVraltst Park. These upon
•«"hom dlrlonuij: will N> con*>rre<J are: Waiie
r>avl* Hisltnond Mahaiwy. Robert Currin.
litohard Wlllltt ana lt<-rl* St.irratt.
The l'terary and muf-ioal prcc-amme will tv-
Sia at 2:30 o'clock tn the afternoon and will
be under the Abectloa of Brother Genebern.
At the conclusion of the exercises medals and
prlxc* will be awarded. The wcond half of
the proirramme will consist of a competitive
*xeiviw in (Iicuiion.
Class of Six Will Graduate on Friday
IYoiu the College at IVralia
Park.
COMMENCEMENT AT ST.
JOSEPHS ACADEMY
Manager Murray Appeals to the
Police for Help to Recover His
Missing Outfit.
OAKLAND. May 2t;.— John M. Murray. 857
Cay stiwt. manag<r of a "New Thought** in
stitute, has called en the police for help to
recover the iurnlfh'.nps of a hall and other
¦ pnnirents. 100 chairs and reveral hundred
.-harps Of buUdinff and loan stock. Contempo
rary with the disappearance of these posses
sions, on* Kaymond Schindler. who Murray
rays, ho took unto hfs confidence, is missing
Murray says he wa.= duped by Schindler,
who claimed to be a nephew of a Mn< Hucey
and a Mrs. Morris, who follow the "Mew
Thouelif cult. Schindler induced Murray to
Join the orsnnizaticn. The latter says "that
fcchiniller claimed residence at f<2S O'Farrril
•trwl, Sen Franc!sco.
NEW THOUGHT INSTITUTE
PARAPHERNALIA IS GONE
New York " 5 8 1
Brooklyn 4 6 5
Batteries — Taylor and Warner: Jonea, Cro
nln and B^nren. Umpire — O'Day.
dell was the bright particular star of to
day's same. He held Detroit down- to four
hits, struck out twelve men and shut the vis
itors out without a run. Attendance, 3900.
Score :
R. H. E.
Philadelphia ...5 11 1
Detroit 0 4 1
Batteries— Waddell and Schreck; Donovan
and BueJow.
BOSTON. May 26. — Chicago batted Tanne
hlll hard enough to win the game — 3 to 1 —
Altrock and Holmes making home runs. Th<»
local men could not bunch their hits. At
tendance, 3400. The score:
R. H. E.
Boston >- 0 f? 3
Chicago 3 9 1
Batteries — Tannohlll and Farrell; Altrock
and McFarland.
WASHINGTON, May 26. — Washington and
Cleveland played pply seven innings to-day
to allow the locals to catch a train for Bos
ton. The score stood 7 to .1 in favor of Cleve
land. Attendance. 15C0. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 3 G 3
Cleveland 1 8 0
Batteries — Jacobeon and Drill; Bernhard
and Abbott.
NEW YORK. May 26.— Heavy hitting and
loose fielding marked the last game of the
series between Pt. Louis and New York to
day. The home team won out In the elev
enth Inning. Attendance, 1500. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 6 15 6
St. I-ouls 5 lft 4
Batteries — Hushes and McGuire; Howell
and Suxden.
NATIONAL LEAGU.E.
PITTSBURG. May 26.— Lee. with good sup
port, held the Clnclnnntls down until the
sixth inning, when seven hits were made,
s-corlrr seven runs, and the game was lost.
Harpfr kept the hits scattered and was
given excellent support. Attendance, 4300.
Score :
R. H. E.
Pittsbun? 1 !> 2
Cincinnati 9 -15 1
Batteries — Lee. Camniti and Phelps: Har
per and Peitz. 17mpire? — Zlmmer and Moran.
NEW YORK. May 20. — New York defeated
Brooklyn again to-day, scoring the winning
run In the last Inning. Taylor received bet
ter support than Jones. Attendance. 4000.
Score:
R. H. E.
Erratic Twirlcr Strikes Out Twelve
of the Detroit Batsanen and
Allows No Runs.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. May 20.— Rube Wad-
RUBK AVADDELL SHINES
IN THE PITCHER'S BOX
DHeeatef-Rt-larse — Hon. Fred F. Wheeler.
E. E. Leonard son. A.' D. Tayntcm, W. J.
Phillip*. Assembly- District delegates— J. M^
Glass. Rer. EX P. Binder, Mrs. Charlotte Ed
holn. J. F. Butler. J. C. Simmons. F. M.
Pcrter. "W. R. McQullty. G. W. Calderwood.
Celon*! John Sobieski. W. O. Clark. Rev. W.
H. WUHams. W. O. Custer. Dr. Stephen Bow
ere. Henry L. Kims, C. F. Ansley, Rev. D.
S Schuflett. WlliUm Wadsw^rtb.. J. P. Plum
rner. Professor William Crowhumt. S. H. Bar
rett. W. H. Cook and Alexander B«»ck.
The California delegation was in
structed to vote as a unit for the nom
ination of the Hon. Fred F. Wheeler
of L«s Angeles for : President of. the
United States. The State Central Com
mittee of the Prohibition party ef
fected permanent organization this
evening and the following officers. and
executive board were elected: Chair
man. A. B. Taynton of Oakland; sec
retary. A. C. Banta of San Jose: treas
urer, T. . H. Montgomery of Oakland.
Executive committee: A- B. Taynton.
A. C. Banta, T. H. Montgomery. F. F.
Hill of Los Angeles. W. P. Fassett of
Placer County and Frederick Head of
Ban Francisco. , ?<
The permanent headquarters of the
State Central Committee will be lo
cated at 1365 Broadway, Oakland. '. ,
The convention this evening elected
delegates to the National Convention
as follows: . v - .v 1 -".'.
After the adoption of the platform,
a number of minor resolutions were
passed, and addresses were delivered
by several of the delegates. The con
vention was then adjourned until 8
o'clock.
W> favor the ownership cf public utilities.
We believe that the qualification for snf
frace should be of education nnd net of sex.
We demand the Initiative and the referen
dum.
With Gladstone we belt? vo that /it Is the
duty of covernment to make It aa; easy for
its i-itizens as pospible to do good and as hard
as possible to do evil. . '--
Th* present Government does not do this
and we demand the repeal of all laws 11
crnslns the eale of liquor. |
This sale of liquor brtnss about murder,
robbery and other crime which it Is the spe
cial duty of Boverament to prevent.
W« demand the repeal of the act of July,
1S<52. which licenses brewers, distillers, etc.,
for the revenue of the Government.
The Rev* C. J. Hall of Los Angeles,
delivered an address on "The Sinews
of War," in the course of which he
pointed out that $2100 would be neces
l sary to. pay the expenses of a State
! central headquarters and incidentals
i during the coming campaign. He call
ed upon the delegates to pledge the
necessary funds, and at the close of
the address the list Of counties was
.called, the delegates from each pledg
ing various amounts. After this a
; number of personal pledges were re
ceived, and on counting up it was
found that nearly the full amount
i necessary had been pledged.., . A
finance committee was then appc-inted,
the Rev. C. J. Hall being named aa
chairman, after which the convention
adjourned until 2 o'clock p. m.
The principal business of the after
noon . session was the adoption of a
party platform. The committee on
platform presented a majority and a
minority report, and after a long de
bate, during which an energetic de
mand was made by Mrs. Edholm for a
clause covering woman's suffrage,
several amendments were added to
the majority report and it was almost
unanimously adopted. In substance
the platform adopted by the State
Convention was as foilows:
The committee on credentials decided
that signed and sworn to credentials
would only be demanded from dele
gates who came from cities of the first
class. After the committee had sub
mitted its report, which was accepted,
the permanent officers took charge of
the convention.
Chairman. Hon. Fred F. Wheeler of Los
Angeles: vice chairman, Charles T. Clark of
Nora; secretary. Rev. C. H. Smith of Napa:
assiutant secretary, Arthur C. Oanta of San
Jose.
While the committees were arrang
ing details George Morris delivered, an
address on the policy of the Proh\bl T
tion party, at the close of which the
committee on permanent organization
presented the names of the following
delegates as permanent officers of the
convention, and they were unanimous
ly elected:
Credentials— A. C. Banta, C. N. Whltmore
and A. M. Arbutus.
Platform — Fred F. Wheeler. Robert Sum
nirrs and Rev. Joseph Ellison.
Permant-nt organisation — J. W. Walsh, C.
J. Hall and C. T. Clark.
pointed the following committees On
permanent organization:
OFFICERS OF THE STATE PROHI
BITION -CONVENTION, WHICH
MET IN OAKLAND.
M. Ro«=orthaum. n business man of Va«a
drna. is visltlne hl» daughter. Mrs. J. E.
Whinnery, 43iJ Thlrty-foventh street.
Those two talented nnd charming sisters.
Miss I.owll Crai!> and Mrs. de Wolfe, nre
spending th» suir.rr.cr with th»lr mother. Mrs.
Klizabeth Cralh. Mrs. de Wolfe is recovering
frcm a long and srvrrr? Hlne**.
The friends t>f Miss Hazel Hopan. the second
daiiRhtcr cf Jlr. and Mrs. Hugh Hocnn. will
bo lui-nrd to l»arn that she !s in a very pre
carious condition at Providence Hospital.
wh«re sho submitted to an operation for
appendicitis hist Monday. Three physician*
are dolnp everything in their power for the
sufferer, and it Is slnc»rely to be hoped thai
her rB** excellent health nnd her youth will
now b? in her favor.
• • •
Ore of tb<* Joll'.esi of the many clubs that
have been devoted to five hundred during the
winter closed thp season with a picnic last
Sunday nr-d -Th<> participants all avow they
had ti-* "time cf their lives." The meeting;
tcck place on the rlcturesciue shore of Lake
Chabot, :»r.d a launch ride and a basket
luncheon provided part of the day's amuse
ment. There were thirty-two in the pcrty
nf picnickers, among them b?Ing Mr. and
Mr.,. M. J. Laymance. Dr. an! Mrs. II. B.
Mehrmann. Mr. and Mrs. Welles Whitmore,
Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Crane. Dr. and Mrs. K.
J. Bovm, Dr. »r.d Mrs. K. D. Roves. Mr and
Mrs W. A. Pchrock. Mr. and Mrs. Ollb»rt
Curtlss. Mr. and Mrs. S. J. Sill. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Meffltt Mr. and Mrs. John Cook. Dr.
and Mrs. thikes, Mr. and Mrs. Elliot. B. Davis.
After a honeymoon, extended at their own
pleasure. Mr. and Mrs. Strouse will reside In
Los Angeles, where he is enraged in business.
Tvie bride is a daughter of Mrs. Isabelle
Richards of this city and is a winsome, clever
girl. She formerly resided in Los Angeles, so
she will simply be renewing old friendships
there. Mr. Ptrous* is a member of one cf the
most prominent German families on the coast,
the name and also the sreat wealth of the late
Mark Strouse of San Francisco being his in
heritance.
The groom — quite a nice looking young fel
low br the way — was attended by Mark Ebel
of Sacramento and the ushers were l^e Myers,
Louis Puhlert. Henry Buhlert, Horatio Stoll,
Jarr.es Furth and Jack O'Donnell.
Kev. Edgar Oee. pastor of St. John's Episco
pal Church, officiated.
The church ceremony was followed by a re
ception and supper at the Hotel Metropole,. to
which only immediate friends and relatives ha3
been invited.
OAKLAND, May 20.— Through somebody's
forgetfulness— or snail tve say stupidity**—
the wedding ceromony which united Miss
Maud Selrna Myers and Mark gtrouse this
t^venlnfc was delayed over half an hour.
\\ hilo the bridtTjrtxmi and guests waited at
the church, the pretty bride and her retinue
listened in vain for the sound of carrhitjtf
whecJs— the hackmen had gone astray some
where between the Merrimac street residence
and St. John's Church. Finally, however,
matters were straightened out by meana of
the telephone and the anxious assemblasfi
heavwl a great sl£h of relief when, at 0:10
the triumphant strains of the wedding march
announced the approach of the bride.
Notwithstanding the awkward little con
tretemps at tho beginning, the wedding was
a. very pretty little affair, and no more charm
1p; bride ever wended her way to the little
altar of St. John's. Her dress of white silk
creiM? de I'nris and rare Duchesse- lace fitted
her slender figure perfectly. A long veil of
tulle fell almost to the hem of the trained
skirt, and »he carried a shower of orchids
and lilies of the. valley.
As the bridesmaids led the way to the
nltar. one received an impression of a pink,
fluffy mass of silk and chiffon and lacy ruf
fles. All were gowned nearly alike In pink
crepe de chine and each fair young attend
ant carried a shower, of pink roses. The
bridesmaids were Misses Jessie Burns. Wini
fred Osborne, Klsle Ames. Lucile Webster,
Mamie Stroud and Gertrude McMillan.
Miss ' Mae Myers attended her ai
maid of honor, and wore a very becoming
•town of pink crepe over taffeta, with h
bfrthe snd srirdle of point lace. She car
ried bridesmaid roses.
By Zoe Green Kadcliffe.
I1KRKK1.EY, Ukr M.—Thia Board of EJuca
tior. Uv-nlght voted to raise all school teachers'
salaries. The new schedule will be ftroiJed ac
i->r.i:njt to the position and thp school in which
the tfaeher if employed. It call? for a raise
from J 2 SO to *."» a month in each salary. In
making the inoreese the board creates a total
U.'Soit in the Rineral school fund cf ?700u. of
which $4.*MM» is* to the salary account. This
deficit will be met by dr.-.wlnK ujxm the high
school furul for f«HX>, tho remaining $1000 l>->
irp made up by rentals from the Center- street
KbnQl- lot. . All of the teachers in the depart
ment wore elevted to-nighl. No new ones were
nj>i"Gintcci. .
Board of Education Will Create a
Deficit by Raising the Pay
of Instructors.
PRETTY WEDDING
TEACHERS' SALARIES AKE
INCREASED ALL AROUND
While the delegation to St. Louis
waa not instructed, except to vote as a
unit, this course was followed at the
request of Senator Gorman, the con
vention beirg plainly in the humor to
instruct for him.
BALTIMORE, May 26.— The Demo
cratic State Convention of Maryland
met in this city to-day, adopted a plat
form and elected delegates to the St.
Louis convention. United States Sen
ator Gorman was a delegate from
Howard County, and his entry Into
the convention hall was a signal for
applause, as was every remark made
by the Senator.during the proceedings.
The platform adopted by the conven
tion admittedly embodies Gorman's
opinion of what the national platform
should be, he being a member of the
resolutions committee. It calls for
moderate tariff revision, independence
of the Philippines, economy in expend
itures and full investigation of al!
alleged crookedness in the PostofSce
and other Government departments
and severely criticizes the present ad
ministration.
State Leader Prevents an In
dorsement of Himself for
Presidential Nomination
UNIT KULE PEEYAILS
Platform Adopted by the
Maryland Democrats Em
bodies the Senator's Views
I cannot say what amount of money was
paid to Mrs. Kane or what are the term's of
compromise. All that can be said is that
everything has b««n adjusted in a very satis
factory wmy and to the gratification of thoye
concerned. The only regret we have is that
the suit nai brought while negotiations were
In hand. In fact, on expert report on the condi
tion of the bu?ine«s was und?r way when the
HtiRation was begun. Mr. Hanifln dtd not want
any tirht in court with the wife of his de
cfiiFed partner.
Litigation over the affairs of J. J.
Hanlfin & Co., the pioneer wholesale
and retail licuor firm of this city, has
been averted by "a compromise of the
sui£ which Mrs. Louisa Kane, wife of
the late Frank J. Kane, brought
against J. J. Hanifln for an account-
Ing. The conflicting interests were
adjusted to-day and a formal dis
missal of the litigation will be filed to
morrow in the Superior Court.
The settlement with Mrs. Kane was
on a liberal basis, and, according to
Hanifln'a counsel, thoroughly satis
factory to both sides. It concludes all
of the claims which Mrs. Kane made
to an interest in the business as the
survivor of her husband, who was for
many years a partner with Hanlfin.
Mrs. Kane's Interest was represent
ed by a bill of sale to her of her hus
band's interest, which was made short
ly before his death. Oh the Ilanifin
side it was disputed that this gave
Mrs. Kane a right to be represented
as a partner, though it was recognized
that she had equitable rights in the
profits and the business.
As a matter of fact, negotiations
with' the dead partner's wife were in
progress when the suit was suddenly
and quite unexpectedly launched. Han
ifln had at no time given evidence of
any desire to make other than a fair
and equitable settlement. His attor
ney, George W. Reed, was taken much
by surprise wherrciotice of the suit was
given.
Attorney Reed made the following
statement yesterday:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 26.
In speaking of Manager Shepard's
offer, Street Superintendent Froder
said:
We were aston!=bed when Mr. Shepard >aid
that the Pacific Improvement Company would
build a roadway thirty-five feet wide from the
Webster-street bridge to the carhouse. It may
be that Mr. EheparJ has figured that it would
be cheaper for his corporation to hui'd a thir
ty-ftve foot rcadway^than to pay the assessment
toward the construction of the sixty-foot roa<i
way that we had planned. As the chance of
securing enough assistance to build the larger
roadway at this time did not seem particularly
bright, we concluded re accept Mr. Shepard"s
plan.
ALAMEDA, May 26. — A. D. Shep
ard, manager of the Pacific Improve
ment Company, has informed a com
mittee of citizens interested in the re
building of the Webster street road
way that his corporation, which owns
most of the frontage on the thorough
fare, will do the work free of cost to
the city and all others.
This promise was made by Manager
Shepard in his office in San Francisco
last evening to members of the com
mittee on betterment of the roads.
The members of the committee were
surprised at the offer of Manager
Shepard, who said that his corporation
would construct a macadamized road
way thirty-five feet wide, extending
from the Webster-street bridge across
the marsh to the carhouse of the Oak
land Transit Consolidated, a distance
exceeding 4000 feet. He said that
macadam would be laid over the pres
ent roadway and that the car track on
the west side of the thoroughfare
would not be disturbed. He guaran
teed that the new roadway would last
at least five years.
The plan that the Joint committee
of Alameda and Oakland has been
working on for the improvement of
the Webster-street roadway called for
a thoroughfare sixty feet wide, with
sidewalk grades ten feet wide and
double car tracks in the center. There
was to be a redwood plank founda
tion to the roadway and it was to be
heavily macadamized. The Oakland
Transit Consolidated had agreed to
construct a strip of the roadway nine
teen and a half feet wide the entire
length. Eight thousand dollars was to
be raised by popular subscription in
this city and in Oakland and the re
mainder of the funds needed, about
$22,000, the Pacific Improvement
Company was to be asked to con
tribute. The entire cost of the road
way planned bv the committee was
550.000.
Tye is a married man and has a wife
and three children. Recently Mrs.
Tye started a little restaurant and he
now imagines that all the Masons and
Odd Fellou-s are his friends and that
they have all pledged themselves to
patronize the place. This afternoon
he became so violent that he had to
be strapped to his cot. He went to
C'e Receiving Hospital Quietly enough
«cith his wife and brother, but began
to break things up when he was locked
up. His examination will be held on
Saturday.
OAKLAND. May 26.— Charlie Tye.
the boxer, has gone Insane. It is
believed that this is the result of
a terrible beating he received about
fix weeks ego at the hands of
Jark BurkP, nlso knrmn as Marshall.
In a fight before the Sequoia Athletic
Club. The match was scheduled for
a ten-round go. but in the sixth Tye
went to ihe mat for pood nfter taking
one of the roost severe beatings sfJ
niinistered in the local prize ring in
years. His friends say that he has not
since been rithl in his mind.
Prior to this lipht Tye had not
fought in some years, lie had vir
tually retired from Use ring. Hut he
was iocked out in the recent butchers
trouble and to tide him over his idle
period he went back to the old game.
He found that his long rest had taken
him out of the fighting class. He was
a member of the old Acme Club here,
the first organization of the kind in
this city, and in times gone by was
the i>ride of a large circle of ad
mirers.
In his recent match he weighed
about 137 pounds. He looked in good
condition, but lacked the snap and
Bteam of his old day*. Against a young
and powerful antagonist he was woe
fully deilcient. but nuns on gamely
while his adversary gave him an un
merciful flogging. Time and again he
was sort to the lloor. His teeth were
knocked out and his ribs broken.
When taken from the ring he was
more dead than alive and when he
awoke h* believed be hnd won all the
money in the world.
Condition of Unfortunate
Boxer the Result of Injur
ies Received in the King
Wife of Deceased Partner
Satisfied on Her Claim
for Detailed Accounting
Main Artery Between Oak
land and Alameda Is to Be
Made a Fine Boulevard
GORMAN RULES
IN CONVENTION
COMPROMISE EFFECTED
WILL BUILD THE WAY
OAKLAND, May 26.— Nearly one
hundred delegates to the State* Conven
tion of the Prohibition party assembled
at Hamilton Hall this morning to elect
delegates to the National Prohibition
Convention.
The convention was called to order
at 10:30, and was opened with a prayer
by the Rev. Joseph Ellison, after which
the delegates settled down to the busi
ness of the convention. E. R. McCabe
of Berkeley was elected temporary"
chairman, and the Rev. C. Austin
Smith of Napa temporary secretary.
The temporary chairman then ap-
— « —
HAS QEEEE: DELUSIONS
Charles Tye Is Strapped to
a Cot in the Insane Ward
of the Receiving Hospital
The Council has under consideration
a reduction in the rate of interest to
be allowed on the company's invest
ment. It Is almost a certainty that
not more than 6 per cent net will be
allowed. The company asks for 7
per cent. The final report will proba
bly not be made before the latter part
of next week.
To this end the Councjl is making
comparisons of the valuation with fig
ures heretofore submitted by exports
employed by the city. The company's
basis is a valuation of $7,000,000. So
far as the Council has gone it is es
timated that the members have prac
tically agreed upon a reduction of
$1,000,000 or more frum the Contra
Costa Water Company's figures. Much
of the property has been appraised by
experts and lower values than those
lixed by the company have been
reached.
OAKLAND. May 26. — The City
Council in executive session . to-night
resumed its inquiry in the matter of
water rates. The work was in the
lhala an examination item by item of
the valuation sihedule of the Contra
Costa Water Company's plant as fur
nished by Kngineer Arthur L». Ad
ams. The problem before the Council
is to determitie whether the company's
figures can be reduced with equity to
the corporation and to the city.
Experts Employed by City
Fathers Fix Lower Values
on Corporation Property
ONE MILLION DROPPED
Oakland Council Tries to
Scale Down Contra Cos
ta Company's Schedule
Litigation Concerning the
Pioneer Liquor House of
J. J. Hanifm & Co. Ends
Pacific Improvement Com
pany Makes Promises to
the Citizens of Alameda
State Convention Adopts Vigorous Piatform, Indorses
Frederick F. Wheeler of Los Angeles for President
of United'States, and Makes Oaklahd'Prohibition Center
MADNESS DUE
TO A BEATING
SETTLES SU IT
OVER BUSINESS
STILL PROBING
WATER RATES
WILL IMPROVE
WEBSTER ROAD
LIQUOR'S UNITED FOES
SHAPE POLITICAL WORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY: 27. 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure eaected
by the use of
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this man-clous termicide, which
allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue. Absolutely harmless.
Used and endorsed by leading
physicians everywhere.
Sold by leading: druggists, or trial
bottle sent, preoaid, on receipt of
35 cents.
The genuine bears my signature
on every bottle. Address
Cr f A$ >- if i — *>1 6 Prince St.
On Jane 1st the Oakland
agency and news headquarters
of this paper will bo removed
from 111» Broadway to 1016
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
— j.
CALL AGENCY REMOVAL
¦ NOTICE.
OAKLAND.
11 IS Broadway.
Telephone -Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2143 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
A1*AMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4593.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
SO. 1904, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
Tail to place their .order Im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
he offered to Call subscribers at
ihe exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Out of town
orders 23 cents additional to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30. 1904 v
£*3i^W *+- -j*i^ /? Every woman covet3 a
loss of their girlish forms
W\/^_/W _-„ ¦ after marriage, ihe bearing
All of this can be avoided,
however, by the use of Mothers Friend before baby comes, aa thi3
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousand* gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from ths
use of this wonderful
book, telling all about
this liniment, will be acnt free. j^CjnBgx jff_i\_ ingm <iff
Tit BrasffiskTBeoiatw Ca.. Aiteitt, 6a. Jr m&^MmBSS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISr.ltfrSiTa.SHE WANTS TO BE TRIED.— Blanche Key,
who if under arrest on & charge of vagrancy,
applied to the Superior Court yesterday for a
writ of mandate compelling the Police Judge
before whom her case Is pending , to proceed
with her trial. She claims that he has re
fused her demand to try the case without her
presence In court. . . '
Special Vacation Trips.
Decoraticn Day, Hay 30, suburban' trains
over North 5hon» Railroad (Sausalito ferry)
ren on repalar Sunday time.' Through trains
for Camp Taylor. "Point Reyes,' RussUn Klver
Irtstrlct and Cazadcro run on special timecard
liny 2h to 31; copy obtainable at Ticket office
No. €26 Market street, S. F. Excursion rates,
fl to $3. Sunday or Monday: also Friday.
Saturday sr.d Sunday, good until Tuesday. May
51, . • •
Woman's Auxiliary to Meet.
The twenty-fourth annual meeting of the
Woman's Auxiliary to the Board of Missions
of the Episcopal cbuch will be held in St.
Paul'* Church, on California street, to-day.
Bishop Nichols will celebrate holy communion
at II a. m. and Rev. D. J. Evans will preach.
Mrs. Xewlands. president of the auxiliary, will
preside at the afternoon session. ¦
George D. Collins appeared yesterday before
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
and was granted permission to have the
transcript on writ of error In the case of the
United States vs. Dlmmick without cost to
Dlmmick and at the expense of the United
States. The motion was opposed by United
States Attorney Marshall B. Woodworth, who
failed #the attention of the. court to the fact
that Dlmmick had been convicted of stealing
$30,000 from the- United States Mint. Collins
retorted by saying that even If Dlmmick had
stolen the money he could not use It, and tnat
be has no money now.
Collins Wins Point.
Preparations are under way for the
concert to be given by th,e Denman
School Saturday afternoon at the Al
hambra Theater. The proceeds of the
entertainment will go toward the
teachers' annuity fund and pupils of
the present and past are equally en
thusiastic in the arrangements for the
concert. Tickets, 25 cents each, are
for sale at the school and at the box
office of the Aihambra Theater.
Drnman School Pupils to Sing.
Customs Inspector P. E. Maddux was sus
pended from duty yesterday without pay for
ten days by Customs ;Collector Stratton, who
has aleo reported tht eaee ; to Washington.
Maddux Is accused of having treated with dis
courtesy the wife and daughter of Captain
Wilson of the transport Sherman. The ladles
had an order from Deputy Collector Charles
Stephens permitting them to board the Sher
man on her arrival, on. May 16, and Maddux
refused to recognize the order or allow them
to go on board the Sherman. In his written
report to Collector Stratton, Maddux denied
having seen the order.
Inspector Maddux Suspended.
magnificent groves of the famous Big
Trees without side ride or extra expense.
Ask at Santa Fe office, 641 Market st. •
$25.90 the Round Trip.
To holders of round-trip Eastern tick
ets over any road, and their friends ac
companying, the Santa Fe will sell tick
ets to Yosemite Valley and return for
$25 90.
Th<? Santa Fe is best of all ways to
Yosemite, passing directly through two
CHEAP RATES TO YOSEMTTE.
NTtOllL SITS WITH rn*NT. — Superior
.Tu£ge Nlroll of Tuoiuirne County Bat with 5?u
r*r;cr Juflre John Hurt yewtc-rday during the
?«"S«'or. cf the latter'* coart.
United States Local Inspectors Bolles and
Bulger handed down the following decision
yesterday: That on Sunday morning. May 1.
1904, the. ateamer Henrietta, Thomas Boyd
master, left her berth In San Francisco at 4:10
a. m., on her>way to sea, and when off Powell-
Rtreet wharf, with eighty pounds eteam pressure
en the boiler, a blind tube blew out, scalding
B. A. Connelly, the engineer, and ' inflicting
ouch eerlous Injuries) upon Polindo Tognctti.
the fireman, as caused his death a few hours
later. Upon examination of the boiler after
the explosion, we discovered that In Its con
struction two blind tubes, earh twelve Inches
long, were inserted in the ..back tube sheet,
and there were no corresponding holes in the
front of th<* tuf>e sheet. We therefore ordered
the blind tubes removed, tube holes to be cut In
the front tube sheet, and through tubes placed
in the boiler from head to heart. This work
was done by the Fulton Iron Works, who built
the boiler In the year 1S0S. We have to note
In tho case, of this boiler that the blueprint
and boiler-maker's affidavit furnished by the
builders specified that It contained 06 tubes,
but the above examination showed that there
were only 04 through tubes and the two blind
tubes previously noted. The boi!«r was last
annually inspected* March 21, 1001. and ar^
lowed a working steam pressure of 140 pounds.
On May 21 the case was Investigated and from
the testimony taken therein we are of the
opinion that the above explosion would not
ha\ - e occurred had the blind ¦ tubes not • been
placed In the boiler. Therefore, under the cir
cumstances, we do not attach any blame to
Mr. B. A. Connelly, the engineer. In connec
tion with this casualty. Damage to the boiler
estimated at abcut $100.
Defective Boiler Causes Death.
I sed a. Knife on Coone^
James Coortey of Twenty-Krcor<i and Fc!som
" '«•« wa» the recipient yesterday morning of
'f\rn' r#nkn!fe cuts In the tack during a
: j'j#;h am! tuaib> pet-to with a man whom he
met et Market arid Kiglilh Ftrr-eU.
•The affair ros# oner domestic trouble. In
*¦ hVh the wife of one -cf the combatants was
the disturbing c«uf».
Coouey'B wound*, which were not of a serj
c:s cfcaracter. were dres«ed at the Emergency
Hceslt&t fcv Cfci»f ?urr«M Sf»nhon
Friends of Rabbi Isadore Myers
have arranged for a benefit for him
at Golden Gate Hall on Sunday. May
29. Rabbi Myers was formerly in
charge of the Congregation Ohabai
Khalome on Bush street. Several
months ago Rabbi Myers severed his
connection with the church and the
benefit is to be in the line of a t^3ti
tconlal of his past services.
A programme has been arranged,
as follows:
Overture. Lackenbsch Orchestra: "Just a
Few Remarks." Abe Mayer; xylophone solo,
Pam Samuels; specialties. Will Stern; contralto
solo selected). Edith Scott Baeford; violin solo,
"Ru«5inn Airs" (H. WiennlawskI), Miss Bell
Rosenthal; selections by the mandelln club of
the Toang Men's Hebrew Association.
Friends Arrange for Entertainment at
Golden Gate Hall Next Sunday
Night.
WILT, GIVE BENEFIT TO
RABBI ISADORE 3IYERS
Mission Turn Verein to Cfive. Benefit
in Order to Hnisc the Needed
Fund?.
. ' The. Mission Turn Vereln will rive- an ath
letic exhibition, concert and ball next Sunday
evening at Mission Turner Hall, Eighteenth
street, near Valencia. This exhibition Is
Riven as a benefit for the prize cUfs of turn
ers, who will be. *ent by the society, to com
pete at the turnfest of the Pacific Turnbezirk
at Sacramento, June 4 to 7.
Tlie programme will Include the festival ex
ercises and competitive wand drill, as well as
gymnastics on the parallel and horizontal bars7
all of which will be features of the turnfest.
Th© Herrmann's Sons* Saengerbund. the San
Francisco Maennerchor and the ringing sec
tion of the Turn Verein will participate In the
chorus. The leading event of the evening,
however, will be the dedication of two new
silk flags, which have been presented to the
society by the ladles' branch of the Turn Ve
rein. The following members of the Mission
Turn Vereln have entered for the competition
at Sacramento: A. Welmer, A. Gentschcil
Ed Martin. Rich. Siess. Theo. Gatje. William
Has*elbroclc. Jul. Maasor. Max Heyde and Carl
Sless. Robert Barth. instructor. ,
Promotion Committee Arranges for
A'isit of Archltccts*and Others
to Inspect Feasible Sites.
A party of about twenty-five capitalist?,
architects and business men will visit San Ma
teo next Sunday for the purpose of Investigat
ing the opportunities for a tourist hotel In that
city. The trip will be taken in the special
private car "San Francisco," under the aus
pices of the California Promotion Committee.
The special car will leave Fifth and Market
streets at 10 a. m. The visitors will be met at
San Mateo by a committee. A drive will be
taken through the tewn and to the Burllngame
Country Club, where lunch will be had. An
Inspection of sites suitable for a large tourist
hotel will follow.
This journey is in line with the campaign
for tourist hotels which Is being carried on by
the committee in many portions of the State.
Among those whs will visit San Mateo are
S. L. Abbott. Edward P. Antron, W. B. Fa
ville. George F. Chapman. Almerie Coxhead.
C. H. Cnxkfr. R. V. Halton, Rufus P. Jen
nings Dr. Hartland Law. B. R. Maybeck, Her
bert B. Maggs, Allan Pollok. Willis Polk. I*.
<• Hnssi G. W. Held. General U. II. Waxneld.
.1. II. Howell. F. W. Dohrmann. Charles S.
Fee. George W*. Mc.Vear. A. A. Watkins. E.
B. Pond. Newton Tharp. Dr. P. de Veccht.
James Newland Jr.. A. Sbarboro. Andrew M.
Davis, John Gal<?n Howard and James B. Bur
ling.
BODY OF YOUXG WOMAN*
IS FOUND IX A POND
ATLANTA, Ga.. May 26.— The body, of Miss
Sophie Kloecklcr was found In the water
works pond at Lakewood, a suburb of Atlanta
to-day. The younjr woman left her home Tues
day morning- presumably to go to work and
after that time was not seen alive. The girl's
family, which Is eminently respectable eay
there Is no reason why she should have killed
herself.
SANTA ROSA. May 26.— While riding down
Fourth street this morning: on a bicycle Misa
Ida. Campbell's left foot slipped and caught be
tween th^ pedal and the frame of the wheel.
The foot became yo firmly wedged In the ma
chine that the efforts of three men were re
quired to release it. Miss Campbell was
thrown, but was not badly injured.
Deputy Coroner McCormick express
ed his suspicion that the note was a
fake. The note purported to be a
confession by the girl to her parents
and to give her sensations after tak
ing the poison. But the last line was
written in as free and firm a hand as
the first.
Late yesterday afternoon a re
porter for an evening paper sent to the
Coroner's office a note which, he said,
had been brought to the newspaper
office by a. detective. It was neither
addressed nor signed, and was writ
ten in pencil in a bold, free hand.
Later a telephone message came from
the newspaper to the effect that two
boys had found the note near the girl's
house and had given it to the news
paper.
Agnes left home last Friday morn
ing an,d was not seen again by her
mother until she was found uncon
scious.
On several occasions the girl had
been absent all night from home in
company with dissolute girls of her
own age. Some time ago on one of
these absences the police found her
with male and female companions in
"the Carroll House on Sixth street. The
girl's mother blames another girl liv
ing in the neighborhood for her daugh
ter's downfall and says that she had
enticed Agnes away from home on*
more than one occasion.
Little Willie Welch, her 11-year-old
brother, went into the yard at 5 o'clork
yesterday morning to get kindling
wood and found his sister lying un
conscious. By her side was a bottle
which had contained carbolic acid.
The Seventeenth-street police station
was notified and the girl was sent to
the City and County Hospital, where
she died two hours later.
Agnes Welch, a 16-year-old girl who
had been led astray by ..evil compan
ions, killed herself yesterday by swal
lowing carbolic acid in a small build
ing in the rear of her parents' resi
dence, 22 Chenery street.
Sixteen,- Yea r-Old Girl Dies
at City Hospital After
Swallowing Carbolic Acid
AGNES WELCH
TAKES POISON
PLAN* A TOURIST HOTEL
FOR SAN MATEO'S GOOD
\
TURNERS TVrLIJ SEXD CLASS
TO SACRAMEXTO FESTIVAL
I'ourtli Concert of Twenty-Seventh
Season Promises Rare Vocal and
lii«iri!i»ieiiLil Treats.
The fourth concert of the twenty
seventh season of the Loring Club will
i be given in Xative Sons' Hall Tuesday
! evening. May 31. The club will have
¦ the support of a full orchestra, which
! will enable it to produce some of the
great vocal works.
It has been arranged to give Hein
rich Zollner's "The Battle of the
Hun?." the story of which is dra
j malic, therefore heavy demands will
be made on soloists, chorus and or
j chestra.
The bass part of Theoderlch. the
; King:, has been assigned to G. Brenner,
j and Mrs. Wallace "Wheaton Briggs. so
j prano, will essay the role of the Queen.
The programme will also include
"The March of the Monks of Bangor,"
, by George E. Whiting. A. A. Ma-
J curda. J. S. Murdoch, W. Xielsen and
| Dr. S. Schalkhammer will have Im
¦ portant parts in the vocal numbers.
The concert will be under the direc
i tioh of David W. Loring.
LORIXG CLUB PREPARES
ITS .MUSICAL PROGRAMME
"told brick" wa» rasserl last Monday, *wr«r«
to a warrant before Police Jade Megan yes
terday fnr the arrest of Max Gutter en a
charge of obtaining mon»y by fjitt* pr«»tens*».
It is oaid that Gutter ha? RBB« to fhi.a?t>.
In view of their pa*t transa<-tionx it is dnubffl
by. the r*"lice wh»ther Cohn would bear th«
expense of bringing him back even If hi
should be arreyte-i there
COHX JSECITRES A WARR.WT.-Elkia
Cohn of th«» <"rossley huiMir?. on whom %
Games committee— Matthew J. Leonard,
Denis J. O"Connell. Patrick Foley. W. M. M!n
nehan. Joseph Ryan. Thomas Ixiwe. James
McDonnell. James Smith, Patrick Maddisan
W. M. Qulnn.
Floor committee — Ed P. Hojran. O. B
O'Reilly. J. W. O'Connor. N. J. Barrj- Mar
tin Lacey, F. C. Sullivan, T. K. Dunning,
James J. Barry. Jeremiah O'Connor, D. Mc-
Mahon.
The fourth annual excursloa and picnic of
th* Emmet nines will be held on Monday at
Schuetzen Park. San Rafael. The' committee
of arrangements has about -completed Its la
bors and a day of pleasure is assured to every
on» who attends. The games committee has
arranged Tor a revival of all the Irish game*,
including running, jumping and weight-throw
ing. Real old Iriuh music will be furnished
for those desiring to dance the dances of the
old land. Tickets for the round trip (Includ
ing admission to the park) are 60 cents. Boats
will leave Tiburon ferry at 0 and 11 a. in.
and at 12:35 and 2:30 p. m. Picnickers can
return at 3:45, 6:03 and 6:15 p. m.
The following committees have the affair In
charge:
Committee of arrangements — David Barry,
Jeremiah O'Connor. John P. McOuire. Dr. J.
J. Gallagher. Matthew J. I<eonard. T. P.
O'Dowd. James Connell, T. J. Mitchell M.
McElligott. James McGuinnes*.
Reception committee — James Smith. R J.
Curtln Dr. \V. B. Howard. John McDonnell,
Kick Barry, H. H. Louderville, J. J. O'Con
lior. >». p. xiairon. James O Connor, John Coa
tello.
The Society Promises That Picnic at
Sclmrtzen Park Xcxt Monday
Will Re Grand Affair.
EMMET RIFLES ARRANGE
FOR AXXUAli GATHEKIXG
Tus-of-War ami Vic lilting rontort
• ' Will Bo Included in the
I*a;-time>.
• Tljo members of Sti Paul's .parish
'¦ <l Jrtld thCir twcnty-r;fth annual
picnic Wednesday, June l.*i. at .Sun-
KCt Park, Santa Cruz Mountains. Sev
eral meetings of th^ committee In
'"harpc of the excursion have been
hold in the parisfe hall. Twenty-ninth
and Churcli streets, and arrangements
have been made for an enjoyable re
uliion.
The officers in charge of the picnic
• r>«si<3ert. P. Brwlerifk; vice president, j
N"l&n: s«crrtar>". Thr.mss* J. Chri^tal Jr.;
f.nKncial ffecretarjes, R. S. Shfpetun and C. <J.
C«-mni!tt»» en Kmun<!» — M^f?n«. T. Branson
.T.. P. Broderick. J. Nolan. J. Murphy and T.
.* h.»:E.
G*m»« — M»F5r5. T. Ah»rn, P. L.. Bray, T.
l*tine. P. J. Amrock. J. Nolan and P. J. Sulli
!'-»•*&— Me«srF. Hcbert Ehepstcn, C. G. TVilley
and 3 . J. <"hris=tal Jr.
Man!'- NeMn, V.'. Heaiy. M. Af=h». J. l^aily.
P. MFarlan* urn) Captain T. E. Johnston.
Priz* ccmmlitw — Messrs. H. S. Sht-pston. U.
irifilan, E. Arr.iot. K. Powpr. P. Kelterw.
'i*. McOnire, H. Jchnston. J. Bray J. Itullins,
J. F. I^ally and T. Nolan.
.Among the attractions will be a
i*up-of-war and a pie eating: contest,
hcth of Trhich promise considerable
:.mus°ment.
ST. PAIXT5 PARISH PICNIC
' WILL IIAVi: VOVEL FEATURES
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL'. FRIDAY, .MAY 27. 1901.
7
CASTORIA
VASEIJKE I7O O00D FOR HAIR.
Dandruff Germ Thrives In It, as Well as
.in All Grease.
A well-known Chicago hair specialist
Invited the Inter Ocean reporter to come
to his ofRce and soe. under a microscope,
how the germ that causes dandruff
thrives In vaseline. The specialist said
that all hair preparations containing
srease simply furnish food • for the
perms and help to propagate them. Tho
only way to euro dandruff is to destroy
the germs, and the only hair preparation
that will do this is Newbro's Herpicide.
"Destroy . the cause, you remove' the
effect." Without dandruff no falling hair,
no baldness. .Ask for Herpicide. It is
the only destroyer of the dandruff perm
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c. in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co
Detroit. Mich.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
S ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
COXDITIOX AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
TEUTONIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW ORLEANS. IN THE STATE OP*
Louisiana, on the ;Jlst day or December.
A. D. 19<W. and for the year "inline on that
«Jav. a3 mad? to th^ Insurance Commissioner
of the State cf California, pursuant to t!v» prt>-
vlsionji of sections 610 and BU o? the Political
Code, rondtnsed as per blank furnished by tb«
Commtcsioner: «•
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $^0,000 PO
ASSKTS. '
Real Estate owned by Company $40,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonc!« owned by Company 821, 835 0O
Cash In Company'* Office 333 M
Cash la Banks C0.943 IT
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 88,982 83
Total assets $790,100 10
LIABILITIES. ~~ ~
Losses In rrocess of Adjustment or
la Suspense $30,120 SO
L©3*es resisted, including mpenses. 2.60O 00
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one j-ear or less. $497,419 32;
re-Insurance 60 per cent 243.709 M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than enc year. il'lJ.-
323 CO: re-insurance pro rata 115.3S3 80
Cash Dividend to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid 13.130 00
Due and to become due for Commis-
sions and Brokerage 2.000 09
Total liabilities $433,043 19
INCOME.
Net cash actually receded for Firs
premiums $833,028 M
Net cash actually received for
Marino premium* 30.773 T3
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
a.11 other sources 20.947 74
Profit en Sale Ledger Assets 8.492 33
Total Income $SS3.239 OS
EXPENDmTRES. =====
Net amount paid for Fira Losses (In-
cluding $4^,335 CO. losses 'of pre-
vious years) $332,844 2S
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including S , losses of pre-
vious years) 3.774 03
Dividends to Stockholders 23.043 09
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage $133.53T 85
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 24.119 34
Paid for State. National, end Local
tajtea 17.787 0*
AH othrr payments and expenditures. 42.944 13
Total expenditures $604,172 4S
Losses Incurred durlsg the year $365,973 31
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written daring- the
year $36,333,856 $881,218 09
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 02.133.280 798.711 »«
Net amount in force
December 31. 1003. ¦ 80.734.799 711.742 41
Risks and Premiums. Marina Rfsks Premiums.
Net amount of Risk*
written during the
year $4,673,364 $21,623 73
Net amount of Risks
expired during fhe /
year 4.875.364 21.623 73
" ~ ALBERT P. NOLL. President.
FRANK LANGBEHN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to befcr* me. this 22nd
day of January. 1904.
M. C SONIAT.
Commiislcner for California In New Orleans. L*.
MANN & WILSON, Managers
NE. cor. California and San some Sts.
SAX FRAZVCISCO, CAI~
An Alcohol Stove Free to Want Advertisers in Sunday's Call
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEB.TISEMENT3*
Signature of C^ZzSZ/fcf /<&4c4u/ttZ
Hie Kind You Have Always Bough!
£or Infants and Children,
4^' J0UES.BRQ&FkoP?*\
'MARKET
irona»r!y J?i>r-*t'« Market. H
JO49 MARKET STREET. M
«->rposit^ Jor.*s an<l McAlUater. P
Ph^r.e South S91. H
Specials for FRIDAY AND SHURn* v u
20 lbs. Best Fln<» Dry GTLn.rH:- a
LATHI i SUGAR . . . ." 81.00 ¦
orders Friday only.) R
OH IRAKDELM'S COCOA . . . ." 20c IS
GHIRAHDELLrS CHOCOLATE. 8
1 -Ip. can 25c ffl
K. <\ BAKING POWDER. 25 c,z. H
ror 20c H
3 Barks of SALT .'. 5c H
I-!b. can PORK AND BEA\s!!'.5o i
'In Tomato Sauf* )
3 cans O1VL CONDEN'SED MILK fig
<A IIorr>»> I'roiuft.) M
TARLK nKI^ISFISS. rfg. 10c... 6c B"
KONA COKFKE. roar r,rt C 20o M
Kxrra comb ho.nev !!ioo k
TEA Own importation). H
3-Ib. cans only 50c ¦
(P^C. T5c ij-juljtv.) *
bio sale! rig salk!
big salt:: ;
I^a«t Saturday th*> Kal*«s wore very
larce on our Cck-brafd 4-lb
ran!" of MOCHA AND JAVA
rOFFEK No Cotter* in San
Francisco has over had such a
fl Rrtat boom. Every can Ruaran- t
\\ teed, and can only be had of us. !
jfl On Saturday we will spII 500 j
IS 4-lb. cans at 75c !
\i <L.!m)t .f rajiaj • •
B P<?nrt for Prit* lAtt. Ono«1« shipppd j
H fref within 100 mili-n of Kan l-Yanrisoo. :
1 Light wash vests are all the go this summer.
I You see them worn by all the good dressers.
1 If you buy here you will get stylish, good-
| fitting vests and save from 50c to $1.00 on every
S garment. We make the vests in our own work-
g shops — that's why we can save you money.
I .Our assortment comprises
I the newest materials, such j|lr!i§i|
I is piques, marseilles, mat-
| tings, linens and mercerized |PP^i§8
1 fabrics iYi the plain shades -•
| of white, tan, silver, oxford, ¦ "V
I $1.50, $2.00, $2.50, $3.00 and 'V-':^@? £ :^^M^^^^
| Out-of-iown orders filled— write us
•¦' ' " -> * -- "* >•-""•¦•' • -' Sketched from Ue
j^«. iKjfc^rx* f /"^f- "^^j^fi^^^r *^^"*^^5^*^^Nk. m**55^ M3h d^9^ p£jyTg^5yr^i it 1 1 1 1 UilII Ll«r^^^^^?^FsvNiJi !ltlfll'lllilliiil W^ JNtfjr^S^p^
t ~xi >^^^^^^^^'|l5f^' -r*v^Sv\ Tta reason Mrs. Pinkham is so amply qualified to give advice in cases of female ills is for the reason that about one hundred fijifl
\Wfls J^rl^^^^S^\\ ~V*5^7 thousand cases come to her each year, — some personally, others by mail, and this has been going on for twenty years, day fljpS
hr?1 m^^^M^^WX I £ '/Wv\ afterday, and day after day. Twenty years of constant success — think of the knowledge thus gained. Surely women are wise i§&i
sHH Bi/^>^^0i^^^^^* I '•' in seeking advice from a woman of such experience, especially when it is absolutely free. Mrs. Pinkham's address is Lynn, Mass. |||if
[ : 1|a \ <5 As an illustration of the good coming from such advice we herewith publish two letters of Mrs. E. F. ||||1
i S^^^^^S^P^E^/ I ''' Hayes, the reading of which should give every sick woman confidence in Airs. Pinkham 9 s ability to help W0i
I them. These are only two of thousands of the same kind of letters which Airs. Pinkham has on file. fe||
I $Sl Mrs. Haves' First Letter Appealing to Mrs. Pinkham for Help. "Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — Sometime ago I wrote to you describing my symptoms and |gj|
f I '"'^ «*T Af P • Th Id Ft 1 * ' treatment for a loner time aSiIC " our ac l vi ce. You replied, and I followed all your directions carefully, and to-day ||i|sf
-ffi^^^^^g^S*-: j % minl^the^orenesT^ScMs u^fmy spine* fhavt SaHng-downp°aini bo°h back and frcS. " Your adyico and the use of Lydia E. Pinkhara's Vegetable Compound entirely &M&
E^reSinS^lf^&gil^ I 'j\ W abdomen is swollen, and I have had flowing spells for three years. My appetite is not' expelled tne^tumor and strengthened my whole system. I can walk miles now. felSj
H^tfisffl^Kygl^B^^pi '? I *^"\ good. I rannot walk or be on my feet for any length of time. "Lydia E. Pinkham's "Vegetable Compound is worth five dollars a drop. I advise Er~<)'*?|
L '-- *^^^^^^«^»*M/' \ ?+\ " The symptoms of Fibroid Tumor given in your little book accurately describes my case, all women who are afflicted with tumors or female trouble of any kind to give it a faithful l/J^H
I wHVr^ga^jSffl^ Jj^fii 1 *' \ F0 * WI "i to to J ou f° r advice." — (Signed) Mrs. E. F. IIayes, 252 Dudley St. (Roxbury), Boston, trial. ' — (Signed) Mrs. E. F. Hayes, 252 Dudley St. (Roxbury), Boston, Mass. pj^M
tllll #< v\ Note the result Of Mrs. Pinkham's advice — although she advised health and happiness thus gained by Mrs. Hayes. ll^&f
l^fiiS^^i I 1 *?\ firs. Haves, of Boston, to take her medicine — which she knew would I A -.„¦_¦.¦¦ TTTT — :; ~~T, 7"- 1 *P'3
S3 taftiftgnlWI DBF i» I •NO . . . il 1 j.a. j.«j i: jj«x» I •— 4-~..~4-:~~,~ «- *«. OFrtftfl FO RFEIT if *« cannot forthwith produce thoongmal letters »nd signatures l&H&i
RhS raEifllsf&l&l&l/ * 1 »y\ help her — her letter contained a mass of additional instructions as to . \ hil||ij ot a^oyo testimonials, vhkh^m P ror e their ab»ointog<Tmtnen«n. p 4 r~^4
I aU fi I A Ilk N° other female medicine in the world has received such widespread and unqualified endorsement. No other lil^i
J ? 3 ra5axrcP^I^^/« I medicine has such a record of cures of female troubles or such hosts of grateful friends. Do not be persuaded that
rJ^I W^'^^JsKKkvi an y other medicine is just as good. Any dealer who suggests something else has no interest in your case. Ho JP*"ifa
I ."I * s seekm K a larger profit. Follow the record of this medicine, and remember that the thousands of cures of
fgjgll women whose letters are constantly printed in this paper were not brought about by ?• something else," but by " . !ll»JiSpecial Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tb»
Pres? Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 239 Cai*
Ifornia str«eu Telephone Mala 1941» * .
Townsend's California Glace fruits la
artistic Cre-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Capitola made California history the other day when
two teams of young ladies, dainty, demure, feminine in
aspirations, arid conduct, strove for supremacy on the
baseball -field. ; If the hew woman "continues her en
croachments on the domain of man the sterner sex Jn
desperation will have to turn to knitting for recreation.
-The reception given to John Alexander Dowie b^l the
various thriving communities of Australia may in com
plete conservatism and due regard to the facts be char
acterized as healthy if not strenuous. John Alexander
was assaulted, insulted, ridiculed and lampooned. He
will lose, no time in leaving the land as lost to persuasion
and return to the fruitful soil of Chicago.
The history of Japan, like that of
many other nations, shows that Amer
ica was known to the ancients in all
parts of the world, says the Kansas
City Journal. • As soon as the art of
marine navigation was revived among
the Japanese, they crossed the Pacific
in order to test the truth of old tradi
tions and landed in, Mexico not long
after Columbus made his discoveries.
These, old traditions have been from
time immemorial kept alive by a ser
vice of ceremonies unto thi3 day, and
it Is unnecessary to say that no evi
dence of ancient . events is so strong
as " festivals - and ceremonies instituted
to preserve their remembrance.
The traditional history of Japan in
this matter is a counterpart of that of
A Japanese Columbus.
ELECTORS— C. R. W. The next
election for Presidential electors will
be held Tuesday, November 8. this
year. The manner in which the chosen
electors meet and ballot for President
and Vice President of the United States
is provided for in article XII of the
Constitution as fellows:
"The electors shall meet In their re
spective Stales and vote by ballot for
President and Vice President, one of
whom, at least, shall not be an inhabi
tant of the same State with them
selves; they shall name in their ballots
the person voted for as President, and
In distinct ballots the person voted for
as Vice President; and they shall make
disf t lists 11 persona voted for
as President, -id of all p";;on^ voted
for -- Vice President, and of the num
ber of vot— or each, which lists they
shall sip-* and certify p- " transmit,
sealed, to the seat of Government c-f
the United States, directed to the Pres
ident of the r~-te."
"On this account men~used to the
desert refuse to go out with those with
whom they are well acquainted. The
mad man is not likely to attack a
Mxanger. If there. is no friend in th«
party his madness is litfely to assert
itself In running rather than in fight
ing. It is a fearful disease not yet un
derstood."
"He must be disarmed and bound at
once or he will dear death to the whole
party. He is possessed of 'desert mad
ness.' brought on by the monotony of
t- Hence. He suffers excruciating mental
anguish. He needs to be relieved by
being brought back to his accustomed
¦surroundings.
"It Is not generally understood that
the silence of the desert has a madden
ing effect upon the human brain," says
a traveler In the Birmingham News,
whose experiences are not often paral
leled. "Monotony is more severe than
anything else deriving its entire 'pain*
from mental effect. The monotony of
fcilence is worse than any other kind.
"Take a man away from the hum of
the* work of men and send him out on
the alkali deserts of Arizona, and the
deep silence becomes awful and is
sometimes unbearable^ All at once,
without any previous symptoms, some
member of the party may stop sud
denly with a dazed look on his face and
a wild expression • In his eye. He Is
dangerous. His reason is torn In wild
confusion. Anything or anybody famil
iar Infuriates him.
Desert Madness.
IT is remembered as an interesting future of our war
with Spain and the subsequent military actions that
not a single war lyric was written of sufficient dignity
to survive in memory or popularity. During our Civil
War both sections were vocal with stirring war songs.
In the North "The Battle" Hymn . of the Republic,"
"Marching Through Georgia," Tenting To-night," and in
the South "My Maryland," "The Bonnie Blue Flag" and
scores of inspiring lyrics were written, set to music and
sung, and many of them survive among the lyrical
classics of our literature.. They had great influence in
thrilling the martial spirit — Union and Confederate — and
it is doubtful if in any other war such compositions
ever played as great a part. Major and minor poets,
mono-poets and professional song writers, all entered a
field in which a catching and lilting song was sure of
immediate and immense popularity. Kv^v-
But in our Spanish war the singers, great and small,
were conspicuous only by their silence. ; The inspiration
of that'war and of its cause seems to stop at oratory and
exhaust itself in that form of expression. , In Congress
some notable speeches were made by ; Proctor of Ver
mont* Thurston of Mason of Illinois and
others. Still it* is doubtful if any , of these will go/,into
permanent literature or the school books.
The absence of war lyrics in that recent period of our
history is made all the more remarkable by the fact that
our poets and song writers seem to be finding inspira
tion in the Japanese-Russian war that is producing some
excellent results. "The Cossacks of the Don" is' a fine
production, and Joaquin. Miller's "Fishers of Nippon/'
and the still later "Navy of Japan," are excellent exam
ples of lyric poetry with war, for its motive. It is note
worthy that in most of these lyrics which are inspired
by the heroic spectack/Of Japan going forth for her life
against a huge enemy so greatly her" superior tin • re-
WAR LYRICS.
MODOC INDIANS— C. S.. Oakland.
Cal. The Modoc Indians originally oc
cupied lands on the Klamath Lake.
Cal. They were hostile against tlw
whites as early as 1847 and continued
such hostilities until 1864. ¦when they
ceded their lands and agreed to go on
a reservation, which, however, -was not
set apart for them until 1871. In the
meantime they went on the Klamath
reservation,* and later on the Yalnax
reservation. A band of the Modocs
under Captain Jack deserted the res
ervation in 1S72 and settled on the Lost
River. Then followed the hostilities
when they refused to leave that settle
ment, and their pilgrimage to the Lava
Beds. Captain Jack was captured in
June, 1S73.
THE "American Flag Association" of New York
City has issued a letter calling to mind the fact that
June 14, 1904, will be the one hundred and twenty
seventh anniversary of the adoption by Congress of the
stars and stripes as the flag of the United States, and
urging that that day be suitably observed.
The "American Flag Association" was organized on
February 17, 1898, and is composed of individuals and
members of flag committees from various patriotic so
cieties in this country, united to foster public sentiment
toward honoring the national emblem. It asks in the
letter that the flag be displayed upon municipal build
ings, churches and private dwellings, that schoolteachers
arrange for patriotic exercises "appropriate to the day,
and that American patriotic societies throughout the
country generally be urged to assist in awakening public
enthusiasm in the observance of the anniversary:
. Although the flame of American patriotism is of the
kind that glows perpetually and needs not much annual
renewal it is well that the birthday of our beautiful flag
should not pass unobserved. Reverence for it is not
entirely an unmeaning sentiment. It is commingled with
the respect and love we have for our country, of which
the flag is the tangible, visible symbol, appealing more
directly to the senses. That symbol suggests the enjoy
ment of liberty for which this Government was founded.
It brings out our better thoughts, for in it there is
nothing of greed or self, and it serves to bind' us closer
together as a people striving with high ideals 'for the
common cause of humanity; therefore, no fitting ocasion
should be neglected upon which to keep it before us.
Prince Pu LunJ the distinguished representative of
Chinese royalty who is diverting us with his picturesque
presence, has found that the operation of an automobile
with safety to the operator and his immediate neighbor
hood is a triumph not yet recorded in favor of an Ori
ental. Let the Prince have patience. Let him start the
machine and then trust to chance. The rest of us have
been educated by experience to get out of the way.
FLAG DAY.
A CITIZEN— L. M. G., % City: A
woman born in the United States is a
citizen of the Union and of the par
ticular State In which she claims her
residence. The fact that in some States
she cannot vote does not cut any fig
ure. If she is an alien and her hus
band becomes a citizen of the United
States his act In that direction makes
her a citizen.
It is refreshing to know that since San Francisco has
the misfortune to house a few anarchists their most seri
ous offense which has been made public in years was
their recent entertainment, harmless and rational, of one
of their fellows from the Old World. As long as these
pests of society have within them a feeling of friendli
ness and hospitality for men as little deserving of either
as themselves then there is some hope for their re
generation.
THE FUTURE— Mel Mar, City: It
Is not proper to say "To-morrow is
Wednesday," but it is proper to say
"To-morrow will be Wednesday." "Is"
refers to the present, "will be" to the
future. To speak of a day of the week
that Is to come you have to speak of
the future.
r Anszvers to Queries.
A news dispatch from Louisville,
Ky., to the New York Times s'ays that
carefully wrapped in bandages and
laboring under the delusion that she
has undergone a dangerous operation
for a tumor in the stomach, a New
Albany, Ind., woman lies at the Ken
tucky University on Broadway, while
her physicians are carefully watching
her In the hope that their unique de
ception may permanently cure the
hysteria with which she has been af
flicted for several months.
The experiment is a rare one. The
patient was operated upon several
years ago. Since that time her phy
sicians say she has been constantly
harassed with the hallucination that
there would be an ultimate recurrence
of the tumorous growth.
About three months ago she sus
tained a fright which upset her
nerves. A few days afterward she
fancied she detected symptoms of a
recurrence of the tumor. Her phy
sicians made a careful examination,
but could find no traces of the growth.
She insisted on an operation, how
ever, and the physicians arranged the
deception.
Just enough opiates were admin
istered to reduce her to a state of
semi-consciousness. She could hear
and feel vaguely, but could see noth
ing. The physicians, speaking grave
ly, spent considerable time in definite
ly locating the supposed tumor.
When all was in readiness one of
the doctors produced a pitcher of Ice
water, which he held above the part
supposed to be affected and allowed
a drop to fall at Intervals of about
fifteen seconds. With each drop of
water the patient winced and groaned
as if In great agony. Once or twice
she could be heard to whisper that
the doctors be "careful and . not cut
her too deep. Finally, when it -was
thought the hoax had been success
fully carried to c6mpletion, the doc
tors swathed the patient in bandages
and had her removed to a room.
On being awakened she found her
self in the presence of two trained
nurses, wh© are keeping up the de
ception by not allowing her to move
a muscle. Although she has the ap
petite ' and strength of a normal
woman, she lies perfectly passive and
submits cheerfully to the diet of clear
broth.
The physicians say they will allow
her to leave the infirmary in about
three weeks.
Saved by Falsehood.
An interesting discovery has just
been made at Quezac (Lozere), France,
by some customs officials. As the re
sult of anonymous information they
climbed into the spire of the church,
and after a careful search found a
still which, although dating from the
seventeenth century, was yet in a per
fect state of preservation and capable
of being worked. Naturally the re
quirements of the law with regard to
apparatus of this description had not
been complied with in this case, but
who was the offender? The vicar In
charge of the building? The sacristan
who visited weekly? Interrogated, the
former declared that he had only re
cently come Into the parish and had
never set foot in the spire. He was
therefore totally ignorant of the ex v
istence of the Incriminating vessel.
The sacristan, however, could not
allege so valid an excuse, and his ex
planation not being satisfactory, he
will be proceeded against.— The Paris
Temps. »
Cloaked With Sancity.
The most numerous birds, and those
which give the Antarctic Its one ad
vantage over the more popular Arctic,
are its penguins. They are of two
kinds, the more numerous small, blunt
billed Adelie, and the less^ numerous
but much larger Emperor penguin,
which weiffhs about 60 or 70 pounds,
and stands well over 3 feet high. It
possesses extraordinary muscular pow.
er in Its flippers. When presented with
the end of a ski stick the Emperor
penguin • "gives It such a smack that
one's hands tingle." At the same time
It utters an angry guttural exclama
tion. — London News.
Dr. Soulter supplies interesting par
ticulars regarding animal life in that
cold region. The chief denizens are
seals, penguins, and varieties of petrels.
Seals are now very abundant here,
though widely scattered. They are
very tame, and "can be clubbed by
any one, without showing mare fight
than opening their Jaws and making a
harsh noise." They possess extraordin
ary vitality, and are not easy to kill.
Antarctic seals are of four kinds, but in
McMurdo Bay one kind, Weddell's, are
most common, and provide the best
eating. In pack-ice the crab-eater seal
is common, but. "has not such a good
taste." The coat* of Weddell's seal,
especially when young, possesses a
beautiful sheen, and. feels quite soft,
but Antarctic seals are not provided
with marketable fur. The skin of the
majority of seals in the Antarctic re^.
gions shows an entraordinary' number
of cicatrices, some old and some recent,
which have been for some time a puzzle
to zoologists, the question being wheth
er they are the rcfcult of warfare among
bull seals for possession of the females,
or are caused by attacks of some mon
ster not yet known to science. Some
little light has been shed on this sub
ject by the discovery, probably almost
unique, of the remains of an ordinary
seal in the stomach of a sea-leopard,
which is provided with a very fierce
set of teath, indicating a possible habit
of feeding on other seals.
As soon as a seal has been killed
skua gulls, the scavengers of the Ant
arctic, come up to the place in large
numbers. They are not at all timid,
for they "come close up and commence
eating straight away." The skua is
of a faded chocolate color, and in flight
shows a white bar on each wing. It
possesses webbed feet, fitted with claws
like those of a hawk widely dis
tributed. The giant petrel, which is
also a scavenger, scours the whole
country and ocean in search of the
carcass of some unlucky beast. It will
feed upon the carcass until so abso
lutely gorged that it is unable to rise
off the ice in flight. It then runs along
the ice if chased, spreading its wings
out like sails. Before being captured,
however, the petrel suddenly stops, and
disgorges a quantity of semi-digested
footi, and then goes off at a run again.
"If overtaken a second time it will
repeat the performance, and, having
once got rid of Its dinner, gets up and
flies off."
Fuller detals are now to hand of the
discoveries made by those on board the
Discovery during their long sojourn in
the Antarctic.
Antarctic Fauna.
As escargots, or snails, are not
much eaten in this country, the dis
covery that artificial snails are made
will not worry American epicures. In
Paris it is different. Public knowl
edge of this enterprise came about
through the suit of a Paris workman
against his employer for injuries re
ceived in manipulating a machine for
fabricating snails. It was explained
that the employer bought empty snail
shells from the dustmen and rag
pickers. Having cleaned out the
shells, the defendant and his people
filled them with "mou," that is to say,
lights, or cat's meat. This soft,
spongy stuff, before being crammed
into the shells, was cut into cork
screw shape by very improved ma
chines. When the shell was filled
some liquid fat or* grease was poured
into it and the trick was done. The
fabricated snails were sold usually at
20 centimes the dozen. Sometimes,
when there is a great run on snails,
the manufacturers get a good deal of
their "raw material" from Germany.
It is affirmed that there are actually
some epicures in Paris who prefer
the sham snail to the genuine article,
even when the latter has been among
the vine leaves in Burgundy. The ar
tificial escargot is said to have a spe
cial flavor, which is highly appre
ciated.
'Artificial Snails.
Lovers of Dickens recalled their
"Nicholas Nickleby" the other day
Not only are more American novels
being published in this country now
than was the case not long ago, tut
their quality seems to be rather better,
which is gratifying to our patriotic
iride which has to read the reviews.
'Pa Gladden" has been praised warm
ly, a fact which supports the opinion
expressed so often in these letters that
the unfamiliarity of its "local color'
seldom. If ever, keeps a really good
American story from being successful
lure. "The Mills of Man" also has been
received here with much favor; "Rulers
«f Kings," however, with less, perhaps
Ix-cause of Mrs. Atherton's tendency to
"spread the eagle" in her last romance.
Frank Frankfort Moore has been es
pecially industrious of late. Besides
his novel. "The One Woman," which
RPS Just been published, he has fin
ished another, to which he has given
the title. "The White Causeway." it
frill be published serially on this side
of the water, in "Lady's Realm."
The unveiling, by Eden Philpotts,
« f the tablet and window which have
just been placed in Exeter Cathedral
to the memory of R. D. Blackmore. au
thor of "Lorna Doone," attracted no
«nd of literary folk to the quiet pro
vincial city the other day. The tablet,
to which many Americans subscribed,
bears a medallion portrait of Black
more by the sculptor. Hems, with this
quotation from the novelist's book,
"Cradock Nowell": "He added Chris
tian courtesy and the humility of all
thoughtful minds to a certain grand
;md glorious pift of radiating human
ity."
Private advices from Hall Caine,
who is now putting the finishing
touches to his new novrl, "The Prod
igal Son," y re to the effect that this
-romance will be much shorter than
m«.st nf its author's other works, run
ning to about 120.000 words in all. The
scenes are laid in Iceland, Paris and
London.
'.'And then looking fiercely at me,
'Te'll pot little pood out of him, young
n:an!' "
What Herbert Spencer thought of
C&rlyle we learn from the Brighton
j'hilosopher's recently published "Au
tobiography," and a correspondent of
• tie of the London reviews points out
that according to Carlyle's friend. Dr.
Beattte <*rozier, the opinion which the
Fage of Cholsea held of Spencer was
little more flattering. Says Beattie:
"He went off into a peal of derisive
laughter as he thought of him (i e.,
and after a pause, and in
perhaps to the extent of
Kpencer's writings, he exclaimed con
temptuously, "An immeasurable ass!' —
'And 60 ye have been meddling with
Spencer, have ye? He was brought to
me by Lowes, and a • more conceited
young, man I thought I had never
reen. He seemed to think himself a
j-erfect Owl of Minerva for knowl
edge ! '
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
•t HfcNT.lETTA STREET. COYENT
<;ai;den\ London. May 14.—some
thing certainly will have to be done
es r'ybjdy says so— to prevent what
Jcmous manuscripts this country has
left (ram going to the Unlt<»d States.
The question is. what? The folk here
who own Fiieh . literary treasures are
mostly K'.ad enough to sell them.
American collectors have the where-
T.ithal to outbid those in this coun
try, so there seems nothing for it but
a law t^ch as Italy has made in re
gard to masterpieces of the painter's
art— forbidding their being sold out of
the country. Wrath has broken out
efrosh here over the announcement
that the purchaser ct the quarto
Fhakcspcare— part second of "Henry
the Fourth"— which was knocked down
for $5175 at Sotheby's the other day. is
an American, and most people feel that
as a London dealer secured the war
rant for the arrest of John Bunyan
offered at the same sale, it is only a
Question of how soon that document
ivill cross the Atlantic, too. This was
aTi uncommonly interesting sale, sev
eral quarto plays by the minor Eliza-
If than dramatists, Ben Jonson, Chap
y,an, Cooke and Dekker being sold at
i- thousand times their cost price, as
well as a copy of John Wesley's hymn
fciok published in 1737 during the
freach^r's mission to Georgia; one of
Martin Luther's own Bibles published
at Wittenberg in 1541 <it sold for $170),
And the original agreement between
John Dryden and his publisher for the
translation of Virgil, for wheih the
foet received $1000. Even bibliophiles
v>_ere amazed at the price paid for the
qaarto Shakespeare, for only a few
years ago this sum would have been
considered extravagant for a first folio.
The edition thus secured for America
i}» in forty-three leaves, and it has
been 'washed" and cut. The printers'
ram^s appear as "Andrew Wise and
"William Apsley, 1600." Another im
portant sale took place at Sotheby's
only yesterday, the feature of it being
two pages and six lines of the original
t'utograr'h of Sir Walter Scott's
"Wavcrley," which sold for $245.
London Literary World.
Fprc:r! Ccrrerrctiicr.ee of The Cal!
Greece and other Mediterranean na
tions "and makes reference to a lost
or sunken Island. In Kaempfer's great
work on Japaji this story is given:
"Maurigasima was an insland in the
Pacific Ocean famous for porcelain
vessels.
"The inhabitants were rich and
luxurious and had a contempt for re
ligion. The King was named Pelroun.
He himself was religious. He had a
dream of a coming flood. It was to
happen when the two faces of the
Idols in the temple turn red. The two
idols were called Infoniwoo and Awun
— gods of generation and destruc
tion. Some one, to play a trick, one
night painted the faces of these idols
red. The King, hearing of the change
of color, lost no time in getting aboard
a ship. Then the island sunk and all
were drowned except Peiroun. He got
safe to China."
But the enumeration of traditions
found among the Japanese which
point to an early knowledge if not
colonization of America, does not rest
upon this incident alone. In one of
the pagodas 13 a remarkable monu
ment where the bull of agriculture is
portrayed in the act of ripping up an
egg- Now, among mythologists.
North America is called the egs of
the world, and so the Japanese
savants explain this monument as the
emblem of the ancient discovery and
colonization of the continent by Japan.
The Japanese Columbus and hero of
the first trip across the Pacific was
Jebis. He has since been deified, made
the brother of god Tenzio and called
the Neptune of Japan.
THE orange producing counties of Southern Califor
nia have recently been concerned in an investigation
relative to the marketing of their oranges. The re
turns have been poor and the immediate outlook was
unpromising. Considering that the annual value of the
Oranges grown in Southern California runs well into
millions of dollars and that there is a demand for the
fruit in the markets of the East and that orange growing
is one of the principal industries of the counties south of
the Teh.achapi Pass, it was astonishing to the southern
producers to find that their profits had vanished. The
values of lands in orange orchards were menaced. A
strong inducement to Eastern people to make their
homes in Southern California was jeopardized.
Nothing is done by halves in Southern California.
When the people came to the conclusion that they would
find out what was the matter with the orange market
they went at the work in earnest. Every fact that could
be brought to light was revealed. Many columns of
newspaper space have b#cn devoted to a narration of
facts and the discussion of remedies. No topic has at
tracted more earnest and prolonged attention in the
south in the memory of the oldest inhabitant.
A change has been provided for that will soon be ef
fective. The Los Angeles Times and other southern
newspapers say that better times are now in view. Ac
cording to the Los Angeles Times high freight rates,
the. competition of Florida and other orange-producing
countries and "freeze-out" methods on tirie part of the
California Fruit Agency directed against independent
shippers have been factors to cause depression in the
market for Southern California's citrus fruits. .
For many years the business of handling and selling
oranges in the United States was divided among many
people, some of whom,' qr their predecessors, had been
so engaged for half a' century. The California Fruit
Agency undertook to put these people out of business.
As a means of warfare they urged on the market, as
against California, the Florida, Mexico and Porto Rico
oranges.
The California Fruit Agency has given notice that it
will retire from business. On September 1 the California
Citrus Union will resume. The Times now advocates
open competition for the Southern California oranges.
"Let growers who wish to combine do so," says the
Times, "and go after purchasers wherever they may be
found. Let others invite buyers; let home fruit auc
tions be established and they will do business; let it be
understood that the golden fruit is for sale to the highest
bidder; under such systems the buyers will be there —
buyers for the fruit on the trees, buyers for the fruit
f. o. b." . *
Every citizen north of Tehachapi will wish that the
anticipation of his southern neighbors may be amply
realized. The Los Angeles Herald says it is believed
that an auction system will be established whereby a
great part of the yield of Southern California's orange
groves will be marketed in Southern California and at
dealers' rather than at the growers' risk.
THE MARKETING OF ORANGES.
The Mothers' Club of New York, variously active in
the pursuit of sweetness and light, has decided that men
may become members of the organization upon a strictly
associative basis and without the privilege of a vote. No
one of the male persuasion has yet indicated that he
wishes to be enrolled officially in the interesting category
of old women. But even the suggestion must be sweet
revenge to the Mothers' Club.
The Hartford, Conn., Courant pub
lishes a new anecdote concerning the
strenuousness of old Ben Butler while
he was in occupation of New Orleans.
"General Butler had eiven ah order
that arms should not be carried by
civilians," says the Courant informer,
"and one day when I was conversing
with the general an orderly addressed
a young woman who happened to be
passing, carrying a large revolver in
her belt. The orderly* informed her
of General Butler's order. The young
woman became enraged instantly and
spit in the orderly's face. General
Butler saw the incident. He stepped
up to the young woman, placed hisr
foot against the building, took thjf
young person across his knee and
gave her an example of Puritanical |
corporal punishment such as she 1
would never forget as long as she
lived.
"During this interesting proceeding
the young woman yelled vigorously,
but finding that unavailing to secure
release, bit her teeth into the calf of
General Butler's leg. When«the gen
eral had administered what he con
sidered sufficient punishment for her
rude conduct he lifted her to her feet
and said, 'Young woman, you can now
go home and tell your mother that
you have had a bite of good Yankee
flesh."
Spanked by Butler.
It was not so long ago that one who
had been impressed with the amount of
matter which appeared in print under
Andrew Lans's name expressed the
conviction that Mr. Lang was a "syn
dicate," and if G..K. Chesterton doesn't
lock out he will be under a similar sus
picion. You can't get away from him.
Hardly had his "Life of Browning" ap
1-earcd than his novel "A Napoleon of
Netting' Hill" was announced, and now
we. have an appreciation of G. F. Watts
from Mr. Chesterton's nimble pen, and
the promise of a work by him on
Charles Kingsley. Meanwhile the writer
keeps on with his regular weekly de
liverance in the Daily News, not to
mention that in Black and White, and
one can see how all this is possible
only by conceiving that Mr. Chesterton
leads a double life and works in both
halves of it. HEYDEN CHURCH.
when the newspapers announced that
the Saracen's Head in Snow Hill had
been offered for sale. This is the public
house and inn which Dickens made the
London headquarters of the celebrated
Mr. Squeers and from which he started
the schoolmaster and Nicholas Nickleby
for Dotheboy's Hall by the Yorkshire
ccach. Tradition says that the Sara
ctn's Head, which stands in a district
that of late years has been taken pos
session of almost wholly by the repre
sentatives of American firms, is a mod
ern replica of an ancient building which
owed its name to the Crusades.
THE conditions on the «ast side of New York City
have recently attracted the attention of sociologists
and settlement workers. It is said that in that
part of the city there are tens of thousands of idle boys,
from 15 to 20 years of age, who have had some school
ing, are strong, brawny and idle. Having nothing to do
they infest the slums and add to their horrors. They
present the greatest problem with which the police have
to contend, and they seem irrevocably dedicated to vice,
crime and transgression. *
Their idleness resists all moral teaching. While it
would be easy to discipline and control them if they
were working no impression can be made upon their
moral sense while they are loafers. What to do with
them is the despair of the legal authorities and of the
social workers, who find them inflexibly obdurate to all
control. It is one of the sad features in that tendency of
our population to gravitate to cities. Unfortunately the
vast majority of our foreign immigration remains in the
large cities where it lands. Instead of being affected and
instructed by our American spirit and point of view the
influence is the other way and that spirit and point of
view are weakened and distorted.
There is created in cities corrupt material for use in
politics, and municipal administration is too often mas
tered by the rampant* vice which has access to the ballot.
Churches establish missions in the infected districts, but
ihc efforts made in them to stem the tide of immorality
and lawlessness are made useless by the idleness of the
class on which they are wrought.' That idleness takes
out of life all saneness of motive and Tightness of pur
pose, and religion, morality and ethics are things with
out meaning to a population in which vice and crime are
the sole possible activities within reach. If the abhor
rent panorama were impressed upon the country bred
population its tendency to seek the cities might be
checked. But this is not done and the fresh life flows
from the fields to the slums to be stained and lost.
These conditions were brought sharply to the attention
of the country by an occurrence last Sunday. A v rail
road president and his wife, while passing through that
east side district of New York in an automobile, going
slowly and avoiding anything that would excite, the
mob, were beset by an immense number of these vicious
young men. Apparently attracted by the jewelry of the
woman, they knocked her senseless with stones and
crowded upon her to steal her ornaments. This was in
the middle of Sunday afternoon in the chief city of the
continent.
We read of train robberies in lonely, stretches of rail
ways, at night/ and they impress us. But, after all, they
are but trifles compared to this daylight savagery in a
great city. A train robbery shows the criminal enter
prise of a few daring men, but this- assault in a city is
a sickening evidence of the demoralization and degen
eracy of a community made sordid by the idleness of its
youth. A bandit in Morocco seized, in his own house, an
American citizen and carried him into the mountains to
secure a ransom. ..Our navy is ordered to that coast and
the Sultan of Morocco is commanded by the American
Consul to take immediate steps for the release of the
prisoner, and will be compelled to pay whatever ran
som is exacted by his captors. But that crime is of less
consequence than the assault and attempted robbery on
Sunda>' afternoon in New York City.
m In the East there is constant comment on the wild ways
of the woolly West. But no event in the history of the
West is so fearful as a deadly symptom as this barbar
ism in the streets of New York. If the growth of our
great cities carry with it the increase of such evils and
the multiplication of such problems it should cease to be
a matter of pride, and become a thing to be keenly
feared. When a passage through the streets becomes as
dangerous as through a wolf-infested Russian forest it is
time to fill the highways with missionaries who will
preach the gospel of work as a cure for evils, present and
to come.
If immigration is so large as to make its assimilation
impossible, but to make it actually a force that assimi
lates us, it should be reduced again to a digestible
quantity. If congestion of population in cities can be
controlled and prevented in no other way it must be dis
tributed to the country, where the farms and fields call
for the laborers who are too few for the work that must
be done.
SAVAGERY IN CITIES.
sources, the poets and song writers adopt the native
name Nippon for Japan. Its superior euphony seems to
commend it to the poetic sense. If the struggle continue
our lyrical literature seems destined to be very much en
riched and our poets will make up for their singular
silence during our own war.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CA^L, FRIDAY. MAY 27, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor ........'. .Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Ofllcc "**, .Third and* Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY • • .MAY 27. 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8QUARREL OVER CHILDREN.— C. H. GU
m&n. father of Eunice and Ruby GH man, who
are respectively 16 and 12 years old, asked the
Superior Court yesterday to appoint blra their
(ruardlan. He cays this is necessary because
the mother of the children,' Jennie Gil man, is
making a theatrical performer cut of Eunice,
and that while traveling about the State with
her neglects the welfare of the other child. He
does not desire either of the children to become
performers, eo he asks the court to give him
control of them, . .
Callfornians in New York.
NEW YORK. May 26.— The following Call
fornians are In New York:
From San Francisco— S. Baker at the Herald
S<juar«. J. K. Freeman at the Imperial, J. H.
Goetze at tbe Union Square, W. E. Holcomb
and W. H. Johnson at the Westminster. Dr.
C. C. Mohn and wife at the Holland, T. J.
o'Hara and wife at the imperial. W. II.
tfnedeker and wife at the Wolcott, w. H.
at the Westminster, A. J. ,Cook at
the St. Denis, C. C. Coxe at the Continental,
C. E. Decuro at the Ashland. A, N. Guffy
and G. G. Halllday at the New Amsterdam,
K. C. Houghton at the Astor, O. J. Russert
and II. H. Hughson at th^Herald Square, G.
W. KingKbury and wife at^he Imperial.
From Los Angel's — Miss Patton, G. S.
Patton and wife, G. S. Fatton Jr. and M!«»
WllFon at the Park Avenue: E. Knight at the
Earllr.gton; Dr. A. L. MacKliFh at the Park
Avenue; J. S. Shaw at the Batholdl. C. H.
Jenkins at the Astor.
KAW COTTON IS CONTRABAND.—Col
lector Stratum was Informed' yesterday by the
Secretary of the Treasury that raw cotton has
been declared contraband of war by the Rus
sian Government.
Makes Charge of Ingratitude.
A. D. Spllvalo Jr. Is the plaintiff In an
action filed yesterday to recover $442 against
Amerlco Mogl. He brings the suit on a claim
against Mogi assigned to him by Raftaelo Van
nucci. The plaintiff claims that when Mogl
was mortally wounded and ill almost unto
death be was taken to St. Mary's Hospital by
Vannuccl and cared for at the tatter's ex
pense to the extent of $442. When discharged
he Is said to hare inquired of Vannuccl how
much he owed him. thanked him and walked
off. making no effort since then to recompense
his friend. -
The Original IJttlc Beneficoncfa Piib-
Ilca Company of San Francisco.
Organized September, 1893.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes
¦T6 placed before the public from time to time,
we would respectfully <*a" the attention of pur
chasers of tickets to buy only from responsible
sxgrnts and to see that their tickets read as fol
low*:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE BENEFICENCIA
PL'BLICA COMPANY OF SAN
- FRANCISCO.
' ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER. 1893.
Each coupon has the initials M. & F. on the
fac*. an1 tack of the ticket.
The following are the capital numbers as
d-rtded by the BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
COMPANY of the City of Mrtcico. May 20,
1901; No. 634C8 wins f'tiOO, sold In £an Fran
cisco Cal ; No. 1SSC7 wins $2500, sold in San
rran'<*sco. Cal.; No. <S237 wins $1250. gold In
San Krancisco: Nos. 6720. 1525S, 35015, 6C92S
and 72-J20 each win $125. sold In Stockton, Lcs
Angeles Oakland and San Francisco, Cal.
The following capital prizes were paid by
the above M. & F. Co. for April 2S. 19W: J.
Neyman 211 De Montford ave., San Fran
cisco Cal., $3750; collected by Isadore Cohen,
32G j Bt., Sacmmento, Cal.. for Edward II.
I^enton Cosumne. Sacramento. Cal., $3750;
Frar.k Lubich restaurant. 522 Sacramento St..
Han Francisco'. Cal.. $1250; Nat Wolfe, show
rard writer, 104 Kearny St.. residing at 1755
Greenwich St.. San Francisco. Cal.. $1250; B.
H. Folry. 140S Fifteenth St., San Francltfoo,
Cal.. $C25.
Charges Breach of Contract.
The United Milk Company is miing Alexander
and Max Salomon and Herman Lltzensteln for
$10,000 damageg and for an Injunction re
straining the defendants from carrying' on a
milk business In violation of the agreement
to retire from bur.lnesB, which agreement was
made by them when they sold their interests
to the plaintiff. It in claimed that the de
fendants, after accepting 300 shares of stock
In the plaintiff corporation and agreeing not
again to return to the milk business, have
beer, running a dairy In opposition to the
plaintiff.
Decoration Day at Del Monte.
Special round-trip tickets, $10, include
railroad fare and two days* board at the
famed Hotel Del Monte. Leave SaR
Francisco next Saturday or Sunday.
Through parlor car to the hotel. Golf
links never greener and surf bathing is
delightful. •
I'orefsters* Carnival.
A large number of workmen arc preparing
the grounds at Eleventh and Market streets
for the fair and carnival to be opened during
tho first days of June under the patronage of
the Foresters of America In aid of the Pan
Francisco board of relief of that organization.
There (^"0 to be a number of attractions, in
ciwilng Friavolo. the woman who lonpg the
loop, and many features that were popular
when presented at the Madison-square Gar
dens. New York.
DECORATION DAY HOLIDAYS.
Special Excursion Rates.
For the three holidays, Saturday, Sun
day and Monday, May 28, 29 and 30, the
California Northwestern Ry.. the Pictur
esque- route of California, will make one
fare for the round trip from San Fran
cisco to all points on the road, except
suburban. These tickets will be good
jrcing Saturday, Sunday or Monday, with
the return limit Tuesday, May 31. This
will give many an opportunity to get
out into the country for a short trip
JuFt when It Is at its prettiest. Get a
copy of "Vacation 1904." look over it.
and take a pleasant trip during these
three days and at the same time arrange
for your summer outing. On Monday,
May 30, the train will leave Camp Vaca
tion at 5 p. m.; Russian River Heights
at 5:10 p. m.; Guornewood Park at 5:15
p. m.. and Guerneville at 5:20 p. m.;
from Gl^n Ellen at 6:15 p. m. Both
trains will stop at intermediate points,
arriving in San Francisco at 8:45 p. m.
Ticket offices 650 Market street. Chron
icle building, and Tiburon Ferry, foot
of Market street. •
SUE TO RECOVER JEWELS.— Albert Mc-
Carthy and Mary Gaynor, executors of the
will of Mary A. McCarthy, have filed suit to
recover $950 worth of Jewelry they claim la be
ing withheld from, the estate by Gertrude and
J. S. Kinkald.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
APPRAISE BIGELOW'S ESTATE.— The es
tate of the late Samuel C. Blgelow was ap
praUed yesterday at $343,000.
INSOLVENT CLERK.— Baptiste Gouallhar
dou clerk, San Francisco, filed a petition in
insolvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. He owes $1SO2 aod . ha* no
assets. . ('
SALOON MEN AT OUTS.— C. Soane. who.
with C. J. CJiristensen. conducts the OwJ Sa
locn at Fseno, yesterday filed a suit for a dis
solution of the partnership. He claims he has
not beon fairly treated by his partner.
WOMAN DEMANDS DAMAGES.— Mary Hen
derson, who was severely Injured last October
by a fall from a Larkln-street car at the corner
of Ninth and Mission streets, sued the United
Railroads yesterday for $10,100 damages.
MUST PAY MOTOR COMPANY. — Judge
Hebbard yesterday gave the Pacific Motor Car
Company Judgment for $237 against F. G.
Miner. The plaintiff repaired the automobile
of the defendant and also advanced him money.
INJURED GIRL SEEKS DAMAGES.— The
Golden Gate Woolen Manufacturing Company
waa sued for $12,000 damages by Barbara
Ptocker yesterday. She lo*t the use of her
right arm while operating a carder for the de
fendant. > . ...
DENIES CAVARLY'S CHARGES.— The Cav
arly Estate Company, defendant In a suit
brought by Frank Cavarly to recover a share
of the Cavarly estate, filed yesterday a general
denial of the plaintiff's charges of mismanage
ment and fraud.
DISLIKLS COURT ORDER.— Mrs. George
Holden former guardian of Mary Eunice Clark,
filed an opposition yesterday to the order of
court made May 13 last restoring Mrs. Clark
to competency. She claims that she can fur
nish ample evidence that Mrs. Clark's mind Is
still unsound.
WIDOW RECOVERS MONEY. — Judge Gra
ham yesterday gave Lydia E. Devaney, w!d»w
of former Supervisor Devaney, Judanent for
$500 against Rudolph Mohr. Mohr |ersuaded
her to Invest $3300 in the stock of the Golden
Gate licet Sugar Plantation Company. She
learned that the concern had no asaets and de
manded the return of her money. Mohr gave
her $.'{000 and a promise to pay the balance.
He did not do so, hence the suit.
TRICKED BY A RAISED IULL.— A. Fu
ruya. proprietor of a Japanese Etore at 009
Sutter street, complained to the police yes
terday that he had be«n tricked out of |3
and a \3«o by means of a raised bill. A
man purchased a vase for $2 on Wednesday
and gave him a ?10 bill In payment, receiving
the change. It was discovered that the bill
wan of the $1 denomination but had been
cleverly raised to a $10.
DRAFT WAS WORTHLESS.— E. W.
Toomey grocer, 001 Stanyan street, secured
a warrant from Police Judge Cabanisa yes
terday for the arrest of William Oerber Bayer
on a 'charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses. He alleges that Bayer cashed a draft
wlt>i him for $65 on Wells, Fargo & Co.
which proved to i>e worthless. Bayer has
Just served a sentence of three months for
patslng a flctlt!ousj check. . >
GIVES CHILDREN TO MOTHER.— Marie
Ycla. Sakomoto, the mother of three children
who have been In the custody of Dr. G. Mat
sumaru of 406 Diamond street, secured the cus
tody of the children yesterday on a writ of ha
beas corpu* in Judge Murasky's court. The
children are Illegitimate, their alleged father
being Matsumaru. Under the Civil Code the
mother 1* entitled to the possession of the chil
dren and Matsumaru agreed to give them up
when this was explained to him.
BAKERSFIELD. May 26. — Francisco Ochea,
a Mexican, who will be hanged at San Quentln
next Friday unless Governor Pardee interferes,
killed a woman In A house on Twenty-first
street In this city, after first having sent a
bullet through the neck of a man named Smith.
Smith recovered from the wound, but died re
cently at the County Hospital. Ochea made
his escape to the Tehachapl Mountains, but
was captured by two citizens at Kernville.
Al Fields, the popular German
comedian, arrived from Chicago last
evening, where he closed a month's
engagement at the Chicago Opera
house. Mr. Fields comes here to join
the new Fischer stock burlesque com
pany and will open with "U. S." on
Sunday night, presenting some of his
clever specialties. For several years
Mr. Fields was with Gus Hill and for
a long time with Weber & Fields. He
has played all the principal vaudeville
houses from Maine to California and
his specialties will be well remem
bered. " Mr. Fields Was a member of
the New York Casino forces under
Shubert's management as the leading
comedian and last summer toured the
East for a time with "The Runaways."
PERSONAL.
Dr. II. Q. C. Rosa of St. Paul la at the Lick.
W. A. Gett, an attorney of Sacramento, la
at the Lick.
Dr. Robertson and family of Llvermore art
at the California. }
J. W. Watkins. a lumberman of Madera, Is
registered at the Lick. /
C. E. TInkham. a lumberman of Red Bluff,'
Is staying at the Grand.
J. O. Treadwell, a wealthy resident of Colo
rado Springs. Is at the Grand.
T. ¦Williams "White, a capitalist of Phlla
delphia, Is registered at the Palace.
, Captain C. A. Madge of ttie British arm)
arrived at the St. FrancU yesterday.
C. R. Tlllson. a well-known attorney of
Modesto, arrived yesterday at the Lick.
Grant V. Snyder, a mining: man of Salt
Lake, who is Interested In properties In Shasta
County, is at the Palace.
F. R. Culbertson. a prominent mining man
of Spokane, and ills wife, who have been
visiting Mexico, are at the Occidental.
Keith Spatdlngr. son of A. O. Spaldlnr. the
well-known baseball magnate, who Is on hi*
way to this city, arrived here yesterday and
la staying at the St. Francis.
Property-Owners of Ashbury, Sunset
and Potrero Will Appeal to the
Hoard of Supervisors.
The Civic Council of the Improvement Clubs
Is to assemble on Friday evening at the meet
lnjj of the Board of Supervisors, when the
budget is to be considered. The board will
knov.- that the club has been there, for the
following resolutions are to be presented and
backed up:-
First — Resolved, That the prime and urgent
necessity of police and fire protection is para
mount: the Police Department should be in
creased at least 1OO men; additional fire pro
t«-ciion to suburban districts should be fur
nished to Asbury, Sunset and Potrero dis
tricts; auxiliary system of salt-water fire pro
tection at Twin Peaks should be furnished as
rapidly a? possible.
Second— liesolved. That we Indorse the ap
propriation of $5c'(X> as recommended by the
Hoard of Public Works for preliminary work
of extension of Market street from Castro and
Seventeenth to the ocean.
Third — Resolved. That we Indorse the Im
provement of H street. from Parnassus
Hi ights to the ocean.
Fourth — Resolved. That we Indorse the ap
propriation of $15,000 for the opening of Ful
ton street to the ocean beach.
Fifth — Resolved. That we Indorse the ap
propriation of $500o for the gradual Intro
duction of kindergartens in the public school
irfxth — Resolved, That we Indorse repaving
of Market street, firm Second to the ferry.
The following committee was appointed to
represent the views of the club: M. J. Keller.
1. J. Truman. Dr. O. N. Orlow, C. E. Tall
madpe. John Henderson. F. A. Elliott, Mrs.
Helen Moore, G«=T.rce Krimphoff. W. H. Hazel,
r»r. S. Axelrood, t>. R. O'Neill. I. P. Allen.
Thomas P. Molloy. O. C. Pratt, H. McAllister,
Warren Temple. N. Schlealnger, R. C. Clark,
N. H. Green.«fcld'r.
CIVIC COUNCIL TO ASK
FOR MUNICIPAL PROTECTION
Rcads a Paper on Child Study.
• ST. LOUIS. May 26. — A conference pro-
:<Jea for at the recent convention of the Na-
I ¦nal Oonprefs of Mothers was held to-day
In th# Hall of Congresses. Mrs. W. W. Mur
;! j- of California read a rai^r on "Child
P*i:<iy in American Circles."
Comes From Chicago to Join
the New Company
at Fischer's.
POPULAR GERMAN COMEDIAN,
WHO COMES TO JOIN FISCHER'S
NEW STOCK COMPANY.
The litigation growing out of the
matrimonial infelicities of Blitz W.
Paxton, the Santa Rosa banker, and
Bessie Paxton, the singer, which be
! gan in 1893, when Mrs. Paxton sued
I for maintenance, and which was fur
j ther complicated in 1894, when she
j dismissed the maintenance proceed
ings and instituted a suit for divorce,
I became still mor^involved yesterday,
j when Roma Paxton, the 19-year-old
¦ daughter of the couple, filed a suit
! against her father to compel him to
i support her. She says she is an inva
; lid, unable to work to provide either
• the necessaries of life or medical at-
I tentlon for herself, and she asks the
! court to order her father to provide
j for her out of the fortune of more
i than $100,000 she says he possesses.
She asks for $100 a month. ,
After battling in the courts for fir
teen months, Mary Helen Piper has
at last secured an order compelling
j her husband, Arthur Leroy Piper, to
! support her. Judge Sloss issued it yes
terday. The order directs Piper to
pay his wife $100 a month. He must
also pay her $500 counsel fees. Mrs.
Piper was represented by Attorney
A. H. Barendt.
BKODEHICKS DIVORCED.
Judge Hebbard gave Bertha E.
Broderick a divorce from William H.
Broderick for cruelty and ordered
Broderick to pay her $25 a month al
' mony and $50 counsel fees. Judge
i Murasky granted Cecile Thiele a di
! vorce from Henry Thiele for desertion
i and neglect. He also annulled the
' marriage of Emma A. Hunter and
; Charles H. Hunter. Mrs. Hunter tes
! tified that she married Hunter before
i she had been divorced from her first
, husband a year.
; Genevieve Bllnn is seeking a divorce
! from Irving L. Blinn of the Whittier
j Lumber Company of Los Angeles on
! the ground of cruelty. She says that
¦ from the time of their marriage in
June, 1895, up to November, 1902, he
j cursed her almost daily, struck her
i frequently and otherwise abused her.
! She complains that he also told her
i he "was sick of her and wished she
would pack up and get out," and that
he almost constantly found fault with
: her cooking. Mrs. Blinn also charges
| that her husband is smitten with a
; young woman whom he met in Ta
! coma and that it was not an uncom
j mon thing for her to find in her hus
* band's effects a lot of letters from the
\ Tacoma damsel addressed to Blinn in
the most endearing terms. She claims
i her husband has property and asks
the court to divide it and also, to make
i her an allowance out of the salary of
$250 a month which she says he re
; ceives.
I EDWARDS MISSING. ?
Lauri Edwards, the railroad clerk
who created a scene a few weeks ago
at Pastori's Marin County resort by
threatening to shoot Domenico Russo,
the tenor, whom he found in company
of Mrs. Edwards, has disappeared.
According to an affidavit filed yester
day by Mrs. Edwards he was last
heard of in Denver, and she secured
an order of court directing the pub
lication of .a summons in the divorce
proceedings she has instituted against
him.
Suits for divorce were filed by Ma
ria M. Allen against C. C. Allen for
desertion. Hele'n M. Zillmer against
Henry Zillmer for desertion and Sol
omon Wagner against Eugen Wagner
for cruelty.
Annie Stenck brought suit to have
her marriage to Fred Stenck annulled.
They were married last January.
Mary Newsom, who was married to
Johnson Newsom in December, 1899,
wants a divorce from him on the
ground of cruelty, alleging that he
has frequently beaten and abused, her.
She says he has an interest in the
Breuner-Elkus Company worth $6000,
and she asks to be declared owner of
half of that interest and for $75 a
month alimony out of the salary of
$175 a month she alleges he receives.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 26.
Mystery surrounds the disappearance
of a dead man's gold. Martin Hamann,
an aged inmate of the German Alten
heim, Fruitvale, committed suicide
yesterday. He had drawn $3000 in $20
pieces from an Oakland bank on May
17. Search for'the coin since Hamann's
death (has uncovered no trace of the
gold. V
John Behrmann, an old friend of
Hamann, and a pioneer of San v Lean
dro, accepts responsibility for the story
concerning the disappearance of the
old man's hoard. Behrmann has spe
cial interest in finding the coin, for he
has been made sole devisee and legatee
In Hamann's will to all of his old
friend's possessions.
A week ago Tuesday Hamann sent
for Behrmann. Together they went to
a bank in this city and Behrmann says
he saw his friend draw the 53000 in
gold and take it with him to the Alten
heim. At that time, Behrmann says,
Hamann told him that he had left all
of his belongings to him.
Behrmann began a search to-day for
the gold, but so far has met with no
success. He has been unable to get a
trace of it at the Altenhelm, and he
fears that, the money has either been
lost or be«n hidden away by Hamann
in a place/known only to the dead man.
The will Is to be filed to-morrow for
probate.
Aged Martin Hamann's Coin
Cannot Be Found Although
It Was Seen Ten Days Ago
EXECUTOR ON THE HUNT
Daughter of Blitz Paxton,
Banker, Files Suit to Com
pel Him to Support Her
GLRL PLEADS POVERTY
Says She Is an Invalid-ami
in Need of Necessaries.
Marriage Bonds Severed
Dead Man's Savings Mys
teriously Disappear After
Withdrawal From a Bank
DEMANDS AID
FROM FATHER
HOARD OF GOLD
TAKES FLIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, - FRIDAY,, MAY 27, 1904.
COMEDIAN
AL FIELDS
ARRIVES
9
There Will Be Something
DON'T MISS IT.
j I ALTOVSfS RELIABLE
1^ 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.A
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| REMOVAL
Until June ist we offer for sale, TO SAVE COST OF MOVING,
and to start new store with fresh stock,
slightly shopworn *
WHEELER & WILSON SEWING MACHINES
LATEST IMPROVED
$70 STYLES FOR $35.00
in Perfect Order, and if not as represented money refunded. Also a
few drop-head New Catalogue Machines (so called) from $15.00
to $ 20.O0.. .
Country orders will receive careful and prompt attention. Freight
free to any point within 200 miles of the city.
WHEELER & WILSON MANUFACTURING CO.
Now at After June ist, at
933 mARKET ST, 231 SUTTER ST.
Special Matinee Memorial Say, Monday,
May 30.
NEW SEK»
. ** ** SENSATIONS 1
Burke, La Bn« and the Inky Boyi; Colby
ramlly; Al Lawrence; Belle Gordon
and
Marcel's Living Art Studies;
£ast Times of Alfoni; Charles D eland
and Company, and Home, Bosi and
Lewis.
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c. 25e
and 60e.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS
MELBOURNE
MacDOWELL
In Sardou'a Intense Drama
| FEDORA,
"SJSST 7 G1SMONDA
SPECIAL MATINEE DECORATION* DAY.
POPULAR PRICES— 15c, 25c, 50c. 75c.
* ¦ i i ¦
CALIFORNIA
fgj "The best stock company since C&w
Miller." — Ashton Stevens In The Ex-^Qk
amlner. jrj
Tha Oliver Morcsca Company |
(Formerly the Nelll-Moroaco Company.) Ri
Presenting the Delightful Comedy, at
WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE 1
MATINEE SATURDAY. £j
¦ Next Sunday— The Stirring Play et H
the Revolution. £j
"JANICE MEREDITH." |
;,¦ HOLIDAY MATINEE MONDAY. fl
ALCAZAR
General Manager.
.IS IT FUNNY? ASK ANYBODY!
To-Night— Mat. Sat., 25c and 50c
Sydney RosenfeM's Laughing Flay,
JJ^SIBjj_CAsT|
Evgs.. 25c to 75c: Mats.Thurs. A Sat. 25c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY— Commencing with Extra
HOLIDAY MAT. MEMORIAL DAY.
The Picturesque, Romantic Play.
TOLLGATE INN.
In Preparation— LOVERS" LANE.
Market St., near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
Matlneea To-morrow and Sunday.
Owen DavU' Magnificent Comedy Drama,
1 A GREAT TEMPTATION"!
A Gorgeous and Costly Production.
Flrat Aosearanee at This Theater o£ the
- - San Francisco Favorite,
JULIA BLANC
DDirEC Evenings 10o to SOo
fait CJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
Starting May SO (Matinee)—
"A CELEBRATED CASE."
nnTTPIICC FOR BARBERS, BA-
nniJoflriO *«»• bootblacks, bath-
miUWUUW houses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen.* tar-roof en. tanners, tailors, eta
BUCHANAN BJtOS,
Brash Mannf aotnreri, 609 Sacramento St.
I IVUL1 HOUSE.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST THREE NIGHTS
Of the Successful Musical Comedy
A BUNAWAY GIRL
Beginning Next Minday Matinee.
DECORATION DAT.
For One Week Only,
| THE TOY MAKER |
TOY MATINEES
DECORATION DAY AND SATURDAY.
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES— 23c. 80c. 7Sc
CULUEflBl A w nans
MB. BXCSABO
MANSFIELD
To-night — DR. JEKTL.L, and MR. HYDE.
Matinee Saturday — OLD HEIDELBERG.
Saturday Night— IVAN THE TEKO1BUJ.
BEOXOTmTO NEXT MONDAY.
Charles Frohman will present
Mmide Adams
<Her first stellar appearance here.)
In 'THE LJTTLE MINISTER."
NOW READY,
CRiND RX0?E5IKS. SUNDAY NIGHT, MAT 23 tb.
Come and see the most beautiful and safest
theater In America.
Entfre New Uurlesnue Company. Including
Caroline Hull, Edna Aus. Oarrity Sisters.
Yorke A Adams. Al Fields. Edwin A. Clark.
Ben T. Dillon. Roy Alton.
An "All Star" Chorus of forty rolces.
First Production her* of
XJ. S.
A Rlp-Roarlng Burlesque. One Thousand
Laughs. A World of New Songs, Dances, Nov-
elties SPECIAL— See the SOth Century
"RADIUM GIRI-S."
SAME POPULAR PRICES. RESERVED
PEATS: Nights. 25c. SUV and 73c: Saturday
and Sunday . Matinees. 25c and BOc: children
at Matinees 10c an I 23c. Seats now on sale
at the box office. Matinee on Decoration Day.
MOIIIS PICTURES, shoraj Ibi
GREAT TRAIN ROBBERY
And a Splendid Show Every Aftexnooa
and ETcnln? In tna Theater.
TAKE A RIDE OJJ THE
MI1T1ATUEE ELECTXIO KAILEOAJD
Esmeralda and Her BABY ilONKEY In tha
Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DB LA MORT.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Admission. 10c; Children, 3c.
KISCELIiANEOTTfe AMTJSEilENTa.
x BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison streets.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. PORTLAND.
v TO-DAY. 3:30 P. M.
SATURDAY, 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY and MONDAY. 2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE TO-DAY.^
Advance sale of seats at 5 Stocfcton at.
© ! JI!i' s
PESCRIPTION
/gy^v DCWtY.STRWS &CO^ggEk
A3IUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
A^VXSTISEMENTa
{£egal Shoe advertising has- never
dealt in glittering generalities.
\ What we say is definite. We
make positive statements and J^kk
prove fhem. We had done this without jSfS'jS&i
realizing its importance, until we began /SBBmBNi
to cut up other shoes with the buzz- y^^^^Bl
When we found that 90 per «s^^^^^^^W2
cent, of all other $3.50 shoes
had cheap hemlock soles, we
knew the importance of our '^^P®/^^^»\W^
own honest, solid oak-tanned J^^^h^^w^W^
soles — and we invented the yEMlSSISIBw
" Window of the Sole," a M^^^^^ff
detachable seal that lets i^ft^^^p^^
you see just what the i^^^^^^^^^S
leather is. No other
shoe is submitted to A^^^^^B^H^
such a test by its
weak upper leather TAN £ERY
reinforced with can- WEARER
vas to make it hold (£Q Cf\
together long enough vf)J» JU
to sell, we knew the
importance of "King Calf" — our own special tanning;
the finest, the smoothest, most pliable, most durable
leather ever put into shoes.
There are other definite facts we would like you to
know — facts that we think will convince you.
Send for Stylo Book. Mall Order* Promptly FU2«d.
There are 72 Regal Stores, 25 of them In Greater New York, where the styles
originate. The new styles are on sale at our San Francisco Store at the same
time as in the New York Stores.
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STORE..Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.
WOMEN'S STORE .Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.
REGAL SHOES.
PRAGERS.
, Regular Price. $22? My »
price only $ 1.5O
Pull sets of STAR SAFETY
RAZORS at low prices.
OTBEB RAZORS, in excellent
lines, all high grade, as low-
as $1.OO
Will allow you liberal amount for
TOl'R OLD P.AZOR toward pur-
chase of new one.
; CTTLEP.T in all standard lines—
Including pocket knivps. scissors, etc.,
' at popular pri'-oe. Pome knives at
special fUjures, as low as 5Oc
' Two bars WILLIAStS 1 10c 5HAV-
1X<3 SOAP 15c
I Mail orders promptly filled.
That Urn Pitts
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer,
1008 MARKET ST., Above Powell
,- St., San Francisco.
STATEMENT
« OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBL'RG. GERMANY. ON" THE S1ST
day of I>ecember. A. U. l'.HXi, and for the
>*ar tndlr.g en that Cay, as xr.ade to the In-
surance CcmrniEsicner ©f the State of Cali-
irrr.ln, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 find 611 cf the Political Code, condensed as
Tw blank furnished by the Ccnamlseloner:
CAPITAL.
• Amount of Capital fctock, paid up
. la CasJi X375.0CO 00
ASSETS. "
lira! Estate owned by Company... $94,000 00
•3>>£rs on Bond* and Mortgages... liO,tC3 00
C>fh Market VaJue of all Stocks
• end iionria owned by Company.. CSS.rson Cl
;< a?h ir. <*omjiany'8 Office K.5C8 JC
<*«-h in '«•.¦•> C3.73S 12
Interest due and accrued en lionds
. «nd Mortga^o* 4.028 11
• J'r*miumt In due Course of Collec-
tion 8.375 67
H:!in receivable, not Matured, taken
* . for Fire an-1 Marine Rifka 102.837 47
S»u* frnm oth<r Companies for Re-
•' Iinlur8no> on losses already paid. 152.280 21
ToUl Asset* ._$954.766 25
LIABILITIES. ~
l^rP~* ai"3u«ted and unpaid 144.071 S5
Lessee resisted. Including 20 &S8 €3
•tirofg premiums en Fire Risk* run-
ninj one year or less, % .;
reinsurance. ¦ SO v*r cent 160 772 46
Gr'*g pr*rr.iurr:s on Fire Itl&ks run- '
•'. . r.lns more than one yc-ar, $ ;
• reinsurance pro ma 87 y»j 50
Due to other Insurance Companies. 143'2:>7 43
*il other Liabilities 52' 40^ ""'
•Total Liabilities $509,362 17
INCOME. —
*e.t r»gb actually reerlvo-d for Fire
• . premiums J471 jcr^ oi
.Revived for Interest on Bonds a'rid #ooa VL
MortKasea 4 26 , .,
• Ktceivt-d for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Storks, Loans, and
• from all other sources ia mi At
H'.ofived for Kents 4755 JJ
. SJOIO :i-£
Total Incom. ._*5OG.1S3 OS
EXPHNDITURES. ~~
».et amount i-aid for Fire Loases
'. • (Iti'ludinK $1.'»S,24'J 06, lOEtes of
previous years! S2S0 «»1 4*
'iMvidends to t>todthr.ldrr« 18T5O 00
" I'ald or allowed for Commission or ••»"««»
. Urokera^e •» g^ ,-
Ta!d< for Salaries, Fee» and other
cttcrgte for office™, clerks, etc.. 62 41O on
' Pe.d for State, National and Local '
«&**» * 6,855 06
a:! other payments and expendi-
tures 103.447 31
Tctal Expenditure* (4S9.54S 22
Lcsse* Incurred during the jr«ar... $206,610 88
IUfJcj and Premium*, j Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risk*
. written during: the
- year $519,826,283 $1,253,205 81
Net amount of Ri^ks
r expired durins: the
, ytar C43,405,C00 LC10.707 02
Ket amount Id force
December 3L 1903.. lgq.C31.112 478,100 46
~OFCAR RUPERTI, Vice President.
JULIUS BAESECKE. Manager.
Subscdbed and sworn to before me, this 21st
¦day of Murrh, J004.
HUGH LITERINO. U. S. Consul General.
vAlter speyer,
- ' ' GENERAL AGENT,
. : PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
225 Sansome St.
Is there a lack of har-
mony in your Department
of the Interior?
A little less meat.
A little more "FORCE."
Often that restores the
balance.
The brain-worker must select his food to fit his
habU of life.
You could din most excellent past-holes for tea
hours » day on " KOKUE " alone.
Bat it is peculiarly flttad to the "Indoor"
digestion— or indigestion.
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTELBUtLER
SEATTLE
REMODELED AND REBUILT at aspens* of
(260.000— N«w Management — ENTIRELY FIRE-
PROOF.
LOCATION — Very accessiblo to street car
lines, theaters, etc. V EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms In antique decorations.
Turkish Baths in Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT, D« St«l-
ger. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tion* in every room; lone dlstanc* connections
made with any part of the Coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense.
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. Wash.
T>nU rp DON'T PAIL TO
laiaWW see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
* flflfl room, the EMPIRE
ttUU , PARLOR, the
> 1 ROOM, the
tinifid LOUIS XV PAR.
uiuiiu LOR^ and the LA
H~J.~1~ DIES* WRITING
Hotels roo m '
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
tfcialogue and Price Listi .mallei
on Application.
FKESH AND SALT KEATS.
F*C; RflVFS * frt Shipping Butcher*. 108
JAj. Puna tt tU. Clay. T«L Main i UM
OliS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD A ELLI3,
,• «I8 Front st.. 8. F. Phoa* Main 1T1B.
>, FXXHTXKQ.
I. C. ftUGBESi ftll Eaasom* st. & F.Year. Horse. / lime. Value.
1887 Dry Monopole 2:07 $ 5,850
1888 The Bard 2:13 6,925
188J> Exile '. ' ;. 2:07 ft 6,900
1890 Castaway II. 2:10 0.900
1891 Tenny *v. 2:10 14,800
1892 .fudge Morrow 2:08% 17,750
189X Diablo 2:00 17.500
1894 Dr. Rice 2:O7»4 17,750
1S95 I Hornpipe : 2:11 14 7,750
1890 Sir Walter.. 2:08*$ 7,750
1897 Howard -Mann 1 . . 2:09% 7.750
1898 Ornament 2:10 7,800
1899 Banaster 2:0C V-i 7,800
1900 , KInley Slack 2:10 7,800
1901 i Conroy 2:09 7,800
1902 Rrlna . 2:07 7,800
1903 Irish Lad 2:05 2-5 14,950
1904 Tilt' Picket 2:00 R-5 20.000
ST. LOUIS. May 28.— Mike Schreck knocked
out* Jim Scanlan of. Pittsburg at the West
End Athletle Club to-night In the fifth rounU
of what was ; to have been a fifteen-round
bout.
Schreck Knocks Out Scanlan.
Jury Sets Aside the Will.
SAN JOSE, May 26.— The will of the
late James L/ull was set aside by a
Jury last evening on the s>"ound that
he was of unsound mind at the time
it was made. An estate of $7000 is
affected. Lull died in San Quentin last
November. He was serving a four
year sentence for forgery, committed
in this city.
GARDEN CITT, L. .1.. .'May 26.— In the
amateur golf championship tournament to-day
Champion Findlay S. Douglass was beaten by
Arden M; Robblns of Garden City; three up
and two -to play. ;
Golf Champion Douglass Beaten.
NEW TORK, May 26.— Harry Varden, the
golf expert, has had a serious set-back In
health, according to a Herald dispatch from
London. It will prevent his taking part- In
the forthcoming championship I tournament,
and in fact may ¦- necessitate his practical
withdrawal from the links. His lungs are
understood to be seriously, affected.
Harry V'arden Out of Golf.
Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and
up: purse. -¦'.
CKOfi Poasart 1101 6S12 Lady Kent ...Its
<i7«2 Sollnus . .1071 67S)R Dandle BeUe. . tOR
67R2 Bomalne .....1071 6S04 Colonel Van.. .107
CS12 Prestolus .....107|
•Apprentice allowance. •
Fifth race — Five furlongs:" three-year-olds
and up: selling.
6790 Dr. BlrdsaJL.'.llO 6P10 Saul of Tarsus.122
6701 'Sir Dougal...ll7 C795 Suburb. Queen.117
6802 Juan Bellardo.119 «S11 Adnor ........122
(CS02)Hercules .122 6785 Abydoa ....;. .1G7
6798 Gibraltar 125 6797 'Priestllke ....100
6S04 Urbano 110!(6772)B^ra . 117
Fourth* race— One mile; three-year-olds and
up: selling.
(6795)*Step Around. 94| 6792 irivlctus 107
«j800 'Dusty Miller. S>5 <57as »The Lletitnant £9
(6709)The Pride ...111 &S04 'Northwest ... S4
67f>2 'Flrlanna BUe 76 (6S01)Tom Klngsley.109
(0752)*Tannhauser . SU <T732 *Anvll ........ 102
679S Homage .. . ..1C3| 6S06 'Anlrad ......84
W« Mr. Dingle. ...11S< 6801 St. Rica 1O!>
6S06 *Huapala 0l| C707 Mestzo 105
Third race — Six furlongs;, three-year-olds
and up: selling.
«R12 Jdg. Voorhlps.110! 67fH-Declmo .107
T.70S Schcrxo 1 04 CSOT Carilee ... 1 07
esil •Hln. PrincesslO2l CMTl »Mlss Vera ...104
CS11 Nellie Bawn.. 1071 6791 Maude Browne. 93
Second race — Four furlong*; maiden three,
year-olds and up.
CS07 Sir Appleby...llOJ CS07 St. Yusef .. 107
CROn 'Brown Patsy.lO5| C7S0 Georgie Black' 1C5
fiSOO Estraza 105 0.S07 Vonzollern ..."107
CSOO Potentla 105 B765 Can Nell ¦ 107
»;t>C7 Lizzie Ward..H5iC754 Red Horse V.'"l07
C779 'The Jew 1 02 1 6802 •Targette .... 100
PETALMUA. May 26. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Kenilworth
Park are:
First race— Six furlongs; three-year-olda and
up; selling: non-winners at the meeting
6794 'All About ...1041 0040*131 Pllar io«
67S5 Bee Ro<tcwaterl05| «705 "Victoria S * ir£
<!Sll Cherries 1071 G7SH) •Geisha GlrV " 100
CSU "Nonle 102 «774 S.Laxaru* Esq ii«
fflll »Keogh 90 (cms Little Secret 107
CS12 Tarragon 107| C7S8 'Reolla II gj
Petalunia Entries.
PHILADELPHIA. May 20.— The s Merchant
Marine Commission appointed by an act of the
last Congress to consider and recommend leg
islation for the «lerelopment of American ship
ping met in the Board of Trade rooms here
to-day, and for two hours listened to the views
of «onie of the city business men. Tbe con
sensus of opinion among those who addressed
the commission is that a. tonnage bounty cr a
differential rate for Importations made In
American bottoms should be e»tab!lsh?d.
Philadelphia Merchants Advocate the
Establishment of a Tonnage Bounty
or Differential Rate.
DISCL'SS PLiAXS TO DEVELOP
OUR MERCHANT MARINE
The Vampire 1 Association Football Club,
which was the : runner-up for the 1904 cham
pionship of «he California Association Football
League, will hold tts annual dinner and ' re
union at a downtown restaurant to-night.
There will be a large attendance, as the mem
bers of the club aro on terms of close personal
relationship.
Football Men AVill Banquet.
Trainer Tim McGrath announces that Jack
Munroe will do his first boxing this aXternoon
at his gymnasium out at the beach. His in
jured finger has healed sufficiently to allow
him to don the gloves. All aspiring heavy
weights have been Invited to put on the gloves
with the challenger for the championship. He
has been on the road twice a day since he ar
rived here, and has also had a daily swim m
the surf.
Jack Munroe Will Box.
WASHINGTON. May 26.— TImj President has
appointed Commander W. B. Diehl to be
Judge advocate of the navy, to take effect June
3. Cotnander Dlehl now commands the cruiser
Boston, which Is en route from Panama, to San
Francisco.
Selected by President.
Commander of the Cruiser Boston,
Now En Route From Panama, Is
DIEIIL IS APPOINTED
JUDGE ADVOCATE OF NAVY
First raee — Mart Gentry, Silver
ski 11, Woodlands.
Second raex? — Itacatiara, Snowdrift,
Alma Girl.
Third race — Little Elkin, Backwoir,
Potheen. - .~; v
Fourth race Schwalbe, Estrada
Palma, Mons. Beaucaire.
Fifth ra«? — Azelina, Del Carina,
P^Bgy Mine
Sixth race — \cw Mown Hay,
Precious Stone. Peter J. Somcrs.
IfAWTHOnXE SKL.ECTIONS.
ClinsettJi Stakes for Lady Savoy.
CINCINNATI. May 20.— Latonia results: |
First race, elx furlongs — Outwal won. Mont
peller second. Maycoms third. Time. 1:14%.
Second race, five furlongs — Stroud won. Wex
ford second. McClellan third. Time. 1:03.
Third race, one milfl — Fleuron won. Delmon-
Ico seccr.d. Florence Fonso third. Time. 1 :42.
Fourth race. Clipsetta Stakes, for 2-year.old
fillies, five furlongs — Lady Savoy won. Intens«
second, Daisy Dean third. Time. 1:01
. Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Grand Mary won. Barney Burke second. Glen
wood third. Time. 1:46',;.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Flying ship won.
Jigger second, Glenmore third. Tim*. 1:1S&.
Athletes to Compete Abroad.
NEW HAVEN*. Conn.. May 2tS. — Manager
Elton Parks of the Yale Athletic Association
announced to-day that a chall»npe for an ath
letic meet in London between Oxforfl and Cam
bridge and Tale and Harvard had been re
ceived by both American universities, and that
it had been accepted, the athletic managers of
Yale and Harvard comins to that agreement
The challenge calls for a meet to be h»ld *on\+
time In July. No list of events has been ar
ranged, but It is likely that eleven wIU consti
tute the number.
SIXTH nACE— One mile; for 4-year-olds
and ud; Eelilrut:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey . St. K Fin
lOtol— M. Peeress. 106 (F* pat.). 4 2 1 1 •>' '
12 to 1 — Leash. 104 (Earnshaw).. ft 4 lU 1 " U
8 lol— Nullah. 10S (G. Bullman) 0 1 13 3
Time 1:43. Start gooj. Won first three driv
ing Ivady Kent 113. Judge Voorhtes 114
Frank Fearee IIS, Trestolus 107. Lorano 111"
Tarrigsn 1(X>. TTieodora L 1V9, Kickumbob 10«'
finished as named. *
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; for 3-year
olds and ud; celling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jotkey. St. »; Fin
2 to 1— II. Princes,. 102 (H.Smb) 8 2U11
6 to 1 — Ncnle. 107 (Croaswaite). . 2 1 1 •» n
C to 1— Nel. Bawn. 107 (Everson) 7 4 1W3 H
Time, 1:01 >i. Start good. Won first three
driving. Cathello 107, Cherries 107 l55»h 07
Myrtle H 107. Adnor 1C3, finished as named '
FOURTH RACE— Five furlong*; for 2-year
olds and ui>: eelllns: *
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St M Fin
4 to B— Alie.- Carey. 107 (Button) 2 1 iu 1«
r. to 2— Royal White. 104 iF'taln) 3 .", 12 *i
5 to 1— P.Morrlssey. 109(Hbrook> 7 5 1 31
Time. 1:01?;. star fair. Won first three
™ lvl ? s - f^ 1^ 1 Tarsus 10O, Magnelone 107
Blondura 110. Emathion 10!), Bulgarian 104 fin
ished as named. Gladys Belle fell. .
Vt 1TxT {: RACE — Five furlones- selllnr
maiden three-year-olds and up- *'
Betting:. Horse. Wright. Jockey. Pt. s; pj n
f> to 1— War TimeMlO (Buxton) 3 12 n'
<i to 5— Kstraia, 110 (Heavnfr). S 5 2 2 «i
5 to 1— Fotentia, 110 (Linton)... 4 :; 110 1
h'T,". 1 I : ? 2 .- 4 - St 1 art bad " Won easll >'- ' 8e c° nd
.-.nd third drlv.nc. Brown Patsy 110, .Stlmy 115
Vaughan 112. Katanga 100, Conche 110, Lady
Kooseveit 110. Constanza ]J0. finished as
named. Maxtress left at the post.
2<» to 1— Mary IVpper. l()i» (Boze> 1 " 1 •' •"»:,
Stor^-ft.cl Wire, 100 (W.Wili) 4 4 luH 1
T'Tif; j : "i- , Start roci "¦ Mon h*n^Uy, ee-ond
and third dr!v ins . E.lith Vice 1C*.. ir^n Km C
107, I^ady Minora 10!t. Anita Knirht H>)
Heithus 104. finished a R named. ivnls:llt 1QK
P^TALUMA, May 26.— Favorites won
the majority of the races to-day at
Kenilworth Park. The winners were
heavily played and it was a bad day
for for the books. G. Xevin's mare
.Lisht Braid won the first race in a
drive, although interfered with by St.
Yuser". which bolted shortly after the
start. Hindoo Princess, Xonie and Nel
lie Bawn ran a close race, being neck
ana neck at the wire. The attendance
to-day was fair. Weather fine and
track fast. The summaries:
yeK£ rurlor * s: seIiin *: lkr -
Bfttinfc-. Hnw. \\>i»lit. .Tockev. St *; Fin
:Uo2-Llght Brjld.lHKW.Nar.) 8 4 2 II 'i
4tol— Lii^i« Ward.ll0(T.fc-tcw 4 1 " « ', "*
r,ou,l_.\«ll Holtwi. 105 (Crosth. 2 2 T 7i 'L
rime, 1 :i2. Start *oo<]. Won first three dilv-
Ing 1'actnua ins. Vonzollrrn 112. Cracko 112. Sir
Mn?n a y i »m' ?* ton **° 107. Hurrah 111 110.
Sharpshooters at the Xenil
worth Park Meeting Pick
Off the Winners Cleverly
In the inid-rint discussion before th» fljrht
it was agreed that the m«n would box und<r
Queensberry rules, which allow a man to hit
if he is not holding an opponent. The an
nouncer told the spectators the men had a*ree>l
not to hit in the cl!nche«. but would break
clean. Roder.bach would hit and clinch and
the gallery would hoot Berber when he tried
to hit. both of his hands beins free. Tht» dis
concerted Sammy and he went to pieces.
The small attendance at this fight and at
the Canole-Xelson affair Is taken as a «iRn
that the public !s weary of the fighters. A rest
of a few months would serve to quicken in
terest in the sport.
The R«denharh-Bergfr fight furnished as live
ly an aftermath as any boxing enthusiast cv: !
desire. Ber^fr ha^ a double complaint te
make, lie insists he was not the » fcKressor in
the unseemly quarrel after the flsnt andtfha
claims he was not allowrd to box as were tlia
men in the other bouts. His friends claim that
in an endeavor to *howr th» Kastern man fair
play Referee Graney favored him decidedly.
As to the quarrel in the corner each man
accuses the other of belnjr the a;«ri-<wnr.
Eugrn" Van Tourt seems to have been th*
Kreateat snfferrr. physiically. II<« was assistini;
Burger take off his gloves. After nodenbach
missed the Callfornian with his risht h«s swunx
¦ sain witb his l"ft. Berber ducked thlsi and
it causht Van Court flush on the nos«. }J«
thought for a moment his ncse was hrokm.
but soon found the only damage was the lo»*
of soit:e of the skin.
Neither Will Accept Blame for the
Unseemly Squabble In the Ring
After the Fisht.
KODEXBAC1I AM> BERGEK
ACCUSE R\CH OTHEIi
BOOKIES HAVE
A LOSING DAY
Fir«t race — Blandy, St. Bellane,
Flyback.
. Second race — Yonng; Henrj% Un
masked. Princess Titania.
Tlilrd l^ace — Rostand. April Shower,
Sweet Alice.
Fourth race — Astarita, Aredeu*,
Young Henry.
Fifth race — Waterside, Royal Ijc
ffend. Goldflenr.
Sixth race— Get tysburfj. Ancestor,
O^ontz.
GRAVKSEN1> SELECTIONS.
By tbe New York Tel»rraph.
Firs- i-ace five furlong?— TU-d Kriar 102.
Charts F. Xolar.d 1CJ. li!i<:.Jy 117. Martha
Gorman 104. R^cieo Iu2. Fireball 307. Bed Fox
S>9 Virgo 119 i=t B. llsne 114, Broad Cloth 102.
Holden SunrW io:!. Limerick 10J. Flyback 10<.
IVte liailey 1<"_' I^nc Order IC2.
Second race about six fijr'.oriBs— Paul C'.ifford
9S Princes TitHni-j 103. WlOtejr 101. Naughty
l^idy ns Baidolph V*K Kr'.shna 108. Moro
kania 101 Youne H«nry 10T». Counterpoise lOT,
!?tarbrici:t 10S» Frhohari" IW. I3e B«>szke U.S.
Handfull S4. bick Beraard 10X Mart Mullen
n:ri Sclllae W? Mary Clenn 101. t'nnia*kc«i JCS.
Third race one and a iiixt<-enth miles — Ro<
tai'i lls BattOOT 11« Embarra««mfnt 115.
Dainty 114 Duko cf Ivrndal 112. l>3Tnon 109,
S-olen Uoamtl 111. Out of P.P3"h 1H>. Sweet
\l'ce 107 April Showers 107, Flammula 107.
EUxUn 107 Uarnish ICO. Ruby Ring 80.
Four.li -ace. about r.ix turlotiKs— (Jay Boy
112 Castallan !<iS. Sir Carter 87. Divination »5.
Wiid Thyrnf 1'X.' Major Pelhnm US, Ascension
JOG F're Kate- 111. Esgle m. Ii^deus 104,
\rsbo 106 Astarlta J06. Young Henry 105, Rob
Kov SS, Bob Murphy 100. Alfortcn 103, Tim
Pnynn 10ft. The Musketeer 101. King: Pep
l*r !'S.
Fifth rm«. five furlongs— Royal Le(??nd 101.
H»indal:ce ill. V.aterside 107. Goidfleur 105.
W!nch»-5t«-r f>4. Pink r.artT 110. Wild Folly
104 La-iK Dolan 102. Misf Br>ant 09. Virgo 9'J,
ChiVrie TlioT'e 9^» Rubric 102. Indss 1CS, L!m
rrHn. K2. First Born 1C2. Sanction 100.
i-sxth r»co- about Biz furlonr?: — May Smith
107 Alliance 112. St. Breeze 112. Sir Lyne
wood 112. Wayfarer 112, Remlttal 112. Hatchet
112 Pataconian 112. Brooklynite 112. B;kl 112.
Otrcntz 112. Fitrrc*a 1«>. Stalker 10^. Bouvler
109 MiFflne Link 107. Ancestor 107. Zeller 107.
Ubirla 107 Little Elm 107. Gettysburs H = -.
NEW YORK. May 26. — Following
are to-morrow'? entriefl at Gravesend
track:
GRAVKSEXD ENTRJ E&
SIXTH T.ACE — Five furlones; maiden two
ytar-clds:
IMting. I!crse. We'jjiit, Jockey. Pt. *« Fin.
S :o .'1 — DiEmonci. Ill* «Lyn<-» - 13 12
Kiel— Arile 112 (li'lgcr^m B -4 h 2n
0 f> 2— Escutcheon 112 (Cwhrsnl 1 2 1 :t 1
Time. 1 :01 :»-r>. Ftan poor. Won Imn'.ily.
W .r.ner. S. Tapet's »h. <•. by Ha«tins=-'JoId» 1
D.^wn. Dnlwark, Schuiamitf. Tyrollan. Petit
t>nc llama Ucundo'.ay. Jerrr C. Hamburger.
Bill' Bailey II. JsckstafT. Sailer Boy. Don
Kcyal. fl^.i"s^ed ax named.
• FIFTH RACE— About six furlonss; three
year-olJ.-; FPll'.m:
Betting Hone. Wemht. Jookey. St. s « Fin.
2 U 1— Witchcrrtft. 5»« (HiSJpbrnd) S ¦'. 'J 1 2
5 m 1— I-ctnla. 9* (Tra 1 . ers>. . . : . . 1 I UJ2 1 «4
2 to 1 — Jul'a M. JW; «J. Jore>t 7 2 'i ."! "
Time 1:10 1-5. Start fair. \\'on handi'.v.
v::rn»r K. K. Bmatherrf <-h. f. by Horoscope-
Qaeeoctc-wn. Touji»c. S?ymour. O.-i«kan>.
Oereral Robert*. Kigle. Queen BeUe, St-pl
inafter Tci San. Inqutstttve Girl. Fpantsh
I^?bif,' The Elf. Champlain. finished as namp.l.
VoltarJo. Hninii Kueenia Kurch. Hisrhball,
City ltank. Bbortboec; r.unnels. I/ortl Baug'.
Tcbojtgar. HurFtburne. Miiz<»n. Ciaujp. Mc-
Chesney. Africantier. finished as named.
First race — Grief. I Must. Xelllc
Cromwoll.
Second i*ace — Clear the Arena,
Eleven Bolls, Jake Weber.
Third raee— Platoon, Dnmeron. Joe
Kelly.
Fourth race — Elastic. Charlie
Thompson, Ben Adkins.
Fifth race — Frank Itice, Irby Ben
nett. Meniphian.
Sixth race — Potente. Hucena, Xettie
Recent.
DEIjMAR SELECTION'S.
ST. LOUIS, May 26. — Following arp
to-morrow's entries fur Delmar Park
events:
Ffr!«t rare, flve furlonc?, maid,*ns. sellinir —
Vpilnirtntov.il 110. Kill*: Fox 11 1<>7. Bamboo
Yr»c 1 (| 7. <irief 105, Nellie Ctomw«I1 105. Zama
IC5. Bantlillj 1<;2. I Must 102, Triple Silver
102, Mamie Ever 102, Hex-down 102, The
Nurse 1C1\
Peocnd race. *ix and a half furlongs. srUinp
— N'pbocklish 10S. Jerry Hunt 105, Jake Weber
lot. Eleven Kells 10."!. Drnmmnnd lu:(. Tenny
Belle 10^. Amlnt? UK',. Requisition 1»>1. Clear
tho Arena KM). Murmur 1W, Nath Woodcock
¦Ji ; . Dolinda' i)%.
Third ra^e, five furlonss — Joe Kelly 108.
C«meron If". PlctOOO 103.
Fourth race, six lurlonss — Elastic 124. Fcxy
Kane 112. Charlie Thompson 111. Ice Water
109. Harniakia WT., Ben Adkins l«u. Mattie
II OS.
Fifth rarf, s«?ven furionp?. selling — Irby Pen
nctt 117. Malay lit!. Ladas 11G. Frank Kiev
112. Memphian 112. Lynch 111. Frank Jones
111. I5lock»r 111. Daddy Bender 100, Lingo 100.
Sixth race, ono and a sixteenth miles, sell
ins — Branch II tO8. Hucrna 106^ Little Tommy
Tucker lOfi. Judge Cantrell H4. Edgardo 104.
Tliniwood 10J. Jingler 101. Potente 1O» Nettle
l:«K»nt 101, Exapo 90. Pister Lillian *J7.
Weathrr clear: track fast.
DKLMAIl PAItK ENTRIES.
the Western champion, winker of last year's American dkrbt.
WHICH SCORED A BRILLIANT VICTORY OVER HUSH LAJ» AND ALL THE
EASTERN CRACKS TESTERDAT IN THE BROOKLYN' HANDICAP.
Liaht heavy-weUht 1 -Us*. IKS pound* — K.
Tschumi threw C. R^ardon in 40 second*. M.
Toke! threw «'. Lelch'enrlne In P. mtnutes 4^
seconds. Final round — Yokel threw Tachumi
in 4 minutes "~ seconds.
Midille-weisM fla«, 15S pounds — K. T.*chuTni
threw f. Rwrton in 1 minute lrt seconds. AT.
Yokel threw K. Letehsenrinsr »n S minutes «7
s?frnds. Final round — Yokel threw Hasel
bacher In 2 minutes 7 seconds.
Walter- wptKht. 1 «.*» rounds — F. Verkl thret»
O. Freeman in 5 minutes 5T> second?. Emtl
Aijtierson Bwanlf'! decision over <.harles Jen
kins. A. Porkwltz threw J. Hickey in ,"S
seinnrts. John Simpson threw H. tnincan ia
SS ->econdsi. Srml-ftnal round — Fockwitz threw
Simpson in 4 mtnutt»s .V> seconds. Anders- 1 ;*
threw Vecki in M «»ooiir1s. Final rounil. b»f!
twi. out of three falls — Anderson rweive«i th"»
decision ovor PDCkwitX .'ri'lTson threw Pock
witz in I minute 45 s":nnd«.
tiantam r!a*3. tC6 poun<ls — Chauncey Can*
threw Carl Stern in 5 minute*. Final round -
Carr threw Stprn In 4 minutes 35 seconds.
Sp«cial class. 1I!V pounds: First round— K.
J Murphy threw Earl Martin In 1 minute IT
seconds. Henry Miller threw E. J. AaatMl
it. 5 minutes. Semi-flnal round — Hsnry ftUlm
threw F.. J. Murphy In 1 minuf« 27 seconl-.
Final round— Miller threw Murphy In 3 m:r.
utrs 2t seconds.
Fcathor-weiKht, 115 pounds— Hyman nafa»!
won from C. S. Krojjer In 6 minutes. Leonari
Kullman threw II. Stein m 16 seconds. Semi
final round — I>eonar»l Kullman threw Hyman
Rafael in r. minutes 49 seconds. Final r^und —
I>-nnarJ Kullman threw Hyman Rafael ia 5
minutes 43 seconds.
Lightweight cla*». 13T» pounds — George Hen«-
Iey threw H. McKevitt in 4 minutes 7<5 s»<-
c.ids. H. Imhof threw «;eorge Hrnsley in 1«
fo.nd.o. Semi-final — Hensley an<l Imhoff WtM
two rounds to a draw. Final — Imhnff award*'!
the decision ovrf Hensley In a special three
minute bout. ¦ -. '
The annual wrestling tournament
under the auspices of the Olympic
Athletic Club brought out a number C
lively lads on the mat last night and
honors for the different classes wer
settled for one % year. The matches fo
flnal awards in each class were hotly
contested J In the 145-pound class A.
Pockwitz. the defeated man. protest?!
against Emil Peterson on the ground
that the latter was not entered In du»
time and also that he used grease on
his hair, which is against the rules of
the sport.
The 135-pound class was the best
contested event of the night and wan
won by H. Imhof of the Olympic Cluh
over George Hensley. another winged
"O" man, after a desperate struggle.
The men reached the finals and th»
3udffes were unable to pick a winner
in two-minute bouts. A special three
minute round was then ordered an.l
Imhoff. was declared the winner after
a bitter struggle.
M. R. Yokel of the Olympic won
the middle and light heavy weight
honors from Haselbacher and K.
Tschumi respectively. He used a half-
Nelson to advantage and gradually
wore his men down. Following is a
summary of the different events:
Errors — Mohler, Brashcar. R. Hall (2>.
Nordyke (2), Egan, Lyncfi. Casey (2). Earned
runs— Seattle 6. Two-base hits— Mohler (2).
FrUk. Three-bass hit — Brashear. Stolen
bares — Friek. R. Hall, Casey. Sacrifice hits —
Van Haltren. Williams. Double play — WUI
!«ns to Hall to Brashear. Bases on balls —
Off Williams 4, off C. Hall 3. off Keefe 1.
off Galeskl 1. Hit by pitcher — Williams.
Struck out— By Williams 1, by C. Hall 2. by
Keefe 1, by Galeskl 1. Inninzs pitched— By
Williams 6. by C. Hall 3. by Keefe C. by
Galeskl 2. Hits— Off Williams 2. off C. Hall 3.
oft Keefe 17. off Galeskl 2. Wild pitches— C.
Hall 3. Time of came — Two hours. Umpire —
O'Connell.
SUMMARY.
Totals 3S 14 19 27 13 1 Totals 82 4 5 24 17
Seattle 0 12 3 17 0 Ox— 14
Base hits ..0 2 3 4 2 « 2 0 «t— 19
Tacoma O 10 0 10 10 1 — 4
Base hits .'. 01100020 1—6
Seattle— ] Tacoma—
AB. R. H. P.A. I AB. R. H. P.A.
4 12 1 0 Doyle.rf. 3 0 0 1 fl
Mohl'r.2b 5 18 2 l'Shehn.Sb 5 12 3 2
Delah..?.b 5 3 11 1 Nordy.lb 4 0 0 6 2
Frlsk.lf. 6 2 4 2 0 Egan.ss. fi 0 1' 8 ¦ 8
Smlth.rf. 6 12 2 0 Lynch.cf 6 0 0 3 0
Brash. lb 4 2 3 10 0 Cas«y,2b 0 2 0 4 1
n.IIall.es 6 1 2 6 6'5icLn..lf 3 0 10 0
Wllson.c. 3 12 4 4 Oraham.c 3 0 0 4 6
WlHms.p 12 0 0 2 Keefe.p. 3 110 8
C. Hall.p 10 0 0 0 Galeskl.p 10 0 0 0
SEATTLE, May 26. — Seventeen hits
off Keefe in six innings gave Seattle
the same to-day. Tacoma could not
touch Williams. The young pitchers
of each team finished the game.
Score:
Seventeen Hits Off Keefe.
Stolen bases — Flood, Cravath <2). Chase. (2),
Spies. Krror— Ganley. Hits— Oft Schmidt. 7;
off Mcskimnn. 3. Two-base lilts — Toman,
Flood, Moskiman. Schlafly. Sacrifice hits —
Flood. Newton. Left on base? — Los Anseles
7. Oakland (i. liases on balls— Off Newton, 4;
off Schmidt, 2: off Mcsklman, 2. Struck out —
Hy Newton. t>: by Schmidt. 1. Double play —
Toman to Flood to Cha*e. Time of game — One
hour and forty-five minutes. Umpire — McDon
ald.
-t Mskmn.p 2 110 2
Totals. :» C 10 27 lo
. —' 1 Totals. 34 3 8 24 14
Los Angeles 0 0 3 0 0 0 .'1 o x — 0
Base hit? 10 110 12 1 x— 10
Oakland o O 0 0 O 0 0 .1 0 — 3
Base hit« 0 0 2 0' 1 0 0 5 0 — 8
SUMMARY.
AB.R. II. P.A-! AB.H. H. P.A.
Toman, s. 4 2 2 O 5 Ganly. rf 4 1 2 J 0
Flood. 2b 3 112 2 Frncks a 5 1 2 2 .'.
Whelr, 3b .". 10 0 0 Krupr, cf 4 O 1 2 O
Urnrd, cf 4 1 2 3 0 Shafiy, 2b 4 0 1 1 4
<rvth, rr. 3 0 12 0 J.Strb.lb 3 o 0 13 1
Rosa, If.. 4 (> 1 .'! 0 Devrx, 3b 3 o 0 j o
Chase lb 4 O 2 It O Hyrne. c. 4 0 O 1 1
SpleB. c. 3 \ 1 «i 2 T.Strb. If 4 O 12 O
N««vtn, p 3 O O O 1 Shmldt p 1 f» fl 1 1
Clminpions Like Schmidt's Curves.
LOS AXGELES, May 26. — The
Champions fell upon Schmidt's curves
in the third and seventh inninjjs to
day and batted out a victory. Oak
land's heavy stickers could do nothing
with Newton until the eighth inning,
when four hits gave them three runs.
Score:
Los Ancelre— ( Oakland —
Knell started al! the trouble in the
seventh by banging a single into
right Held. Hildebrand sacrificed and
Waldron kicked through with a hot
one to center, scoring Knell. Meany
was there with one to left, . sending
Waldron to third. Irwin responded
with a good one and Waldron arrived.
Anderson's two-bagger to deep center
finished up the good work and com
pletely dashed the hopes of the Hrowns
and their admirers on the bleachers.
The score:
San Francisco — 1 Portland —
A U.K. H. P.A.' AB.I1. H. P.A.
Hlldbd.lf 4 0 2 2 tjDrnan.cf. 4 0 0 1 O
Wldrn.ct .'> 1 :{ 5 0 McCde.rf :i <> '_' 4 1
Meany.rf 4 1 1 :• oiXadau.lf. 4 1 I 1 <>
trwln.-'lb. :« 1 1 O l'It»ck.^b.. ."*.<• '2 4 2
Jlaney.lb 4 O 1 7 liFran^ls.s 4 <> 2 0 7
Andrsn.s 4 12 5 OlMrphy.lb .1 "> O S 2
Reitz.2b.. .t 0 2 1 4 Stlmn.jfb .1 « 0 1 1
Oortnn.c. 4 0 2 S VSliea.o.... 4 O 1 5 4
Knell, p. .. 4 112 2'Tbelmn,p o o 0 0 0
Butler.p.. 4 O 1 o I
Totals. 33 5 15 27 10|
1 Totals. 32 1 0 2t 18
Portland 0 f) 0 " O I 0 0 0 — 1
Base h!t« . 1 1 ¦> 'J *J •_• o ¦ l O — »
San Kran Cisco. . . u u n l 004 O x — r>
Bte«e hits 1 3 1 .'. 0 1 5 1 x— 15
SUMMARY.
Hits— Off Thielman ;;, off Cutler 12. Stolen
baies — Murphy, McCreedip 2. Massey, Knell.
Errors — Francl* 2, Reita, HtPelman. Three
base lilt — Hildebrand. Two-base hits — Gorton,
Ileltz. Anderson. SacrlflL-e lilts — Irwln, Reltz,
lllldebrand. Klrat base on errors — San Fran
ci.«co 3. Portland 1. First base on called balls
— Off Knt-11 4. Left on bases — San Francisco
f. Portland 8. Struck out— Vy Knet! 2. Double
play — Francis to Heck to Murphy. Time of
game — 2 hours. Umnlre — Houston.
The game broke badly for Portland
in the second inning, when Henry
Reitz hit a hot liner to Thielman,
breaking the middle finger of the lat
ter's left hand. EJutler then took up
the slabster's burden and in every
round but the seventh he kept the lo
cals away from the pan.
Up to that time it was a peculiar
game of ball. Five men had been
nailed at the plate — four of the home
team and - one Portlander. Another
trio had been nabbed off the bags or
else nailed trying to stretch singles
into double?. The only bad feature of
the game was the time it consumed.
Knell was slower than any truck horse
that ever aerformed on the water
front. He gave the bleacheritcs th«
jimmies, and they did not lose any
chances to express their opinion of
his slowness.
Mr. Butler's -wires became crossed
in the seventh inning yesterday at
Recreation Park, and ere he could un
wind the fierce tangle the Natives be
gan to swoop down on his delivery. It
was a fierce onslaught while it lasted
and the Harris brigade came out of
the fracas with four entered on their
books, enough to win with a bunch
to spare. Score: San Francisco, 5;
Portland, 1.
W. L,. Pet. 1 W. I,, l'ct.
Seattle 31 23 .574 I/og Angeles. T2 20 .552
Oaklan-J 82 24 .571 S Francisco. 24 31 .436
Tacoma 31 25 .554 Portland 15 30 .294
(Pacific CcaBt League.)
4
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Imhof Bests George Hensley
After Two Extra Hounds
Are Ordered by the Judges
FOUHTII RACE— One and a quarter mile*
ihe Brooklyn han<2lrap of $20,000; three-year
nid*. and up:
J*»tMnr. Heme. Weirht, Jr*ckey. St. K Fin
Stol- The Ticket. 119 <Hll«rri:)) « 31 jj,"
11 «o5 — Ir!«h I^a<l. 123 <8?h«w).... 1 1 n 22
E0 to ] — J*rt*prr. 110 fLj-ne).. 11 10 iU
Tim*. 2:0C 2-5. Start fair. Won drivln*.
Walfieck BtntU'e b. o. by FU«ett^
THir.D -nACn— Five furlor.Kti; The Expecta
tion rtal-"»M«: for two-year-old*.
Tlftllfur. Horse. \Vflght. Jockey. J*t. «i Fin
n.Jo lik— Son* & Wine. 122 (O f nl) 1 1 ntj ••
S to 2— SrararMri'. 112 <Lr>n«). 4 IlU'ir
P t»» 1— Velc. 112 (Odotn) 5 3 2 3 "li
T1m». 1:01. Start rood. Won eaclly. win
tw. K. netininirton'B ch. c. by Goldflncli-
T\'idnr.- Otccuot. Amberjack. A«cot Belle, Mis
trr»s cf Itolls. finished a« named.
SECON-n HACE-Or... Kr.a a HxWnth ml>8
•^ ijin«r: fnr thrr^- year-old* and up
Hfttin*. Horsr. Wfight. Jockey. Kt •' pin
3~ to .'. — Stuyvc. I0« (Hildcbrmnd) f, - - , , , •
5 to 2— C. Elwood. 107 <O'N>1I) 4 J i ., i ¦-
2 lo 1— shr-rifT IWl. I06 (Unnyy) 1 3 h "{ ¦,
Timf. 1:«« Ptart fair. Won cleverly Wlr-
IMT. T. R. T^utrrman's b. r. by Stuyvetnnt
KaiJe A. Nlerrtte Prlnoe Vie. Silver DavV
Ft. Callen. San Cral r . Tomcod. finished Vi
The shouts of joy died away in the
throats of the host assembled as
though they had been suddenly para-
Jyzed. Proper was third, two length?
behind Irish Lad. and a nose in front
of Hermis. McChssney and Claude
Tverc at the end of the procession.
Thp Picket is owned by the Waldeck
Stables of Louisville. Ky., controlled bv
Junjrbluth and Mlddleton. He won the
America.n D*>rby last year at Washing
ton Park, Chicago, was brought Ea«t
nnd started here last fall in three or
four races, beating Africander in one
event at Sheepshead Bay and running
pecond to McChesney later jit Orave
rend. Since then his trainer, Carroll
rreid. has had him in special prepara
tion for to-day's race. Summary
FIRST IIACE-Aboat cis fur!oor«- h.ndl
«-ap for all a«c* ••«»«". n«nai-
HettlrK. Hem. Weirht. .Tockev Pt « p ln
..« to 1— Jnmc* V. 10.T (FulW) S 1 •• •« Tii
- (> _!° 1 ~, W iSJ* n V 1W <G *«non)..: 5 « 2 3 n
Time. !/»« Start fair. Won rldd-n out
Wtnnrr. J. J. Hvan'o b. h. bv Wai.rrrw
Arnrtte Kln« IVpp« r . Montr U ,,on <^Td
Money. Cn^mr J«jup. Kohinoor. Tim PavrV
Jw:ll:n«. Onnond^s Hifht Hatful Kurm (.'<!»'
PKOPKR FINISHES THIRD.
The Picket, running easily in third
place, inade a steady pate for the bal
ance of the neld. The Thomas repre
sentative and the favorite struggled in
vain, each to master the other. Across
The circular track from the grand
h'laml and three-quarters: of a mile
from the starting point they were run
ning like n ne horse. In this manner
they swung around the far turn and
made for the last one, which would lead
them into the stretch. Sh.iv. on the
favoi ite, and Redf^rn. on Horn::?, were
bringinc «.-ut every ounce of speed in
their mounts, while Helsersen was
drawing The Picket together for the
final rush to the gc-al. He closed a gap
«>f two or three lengths and before they
l:ad reached the last Quarter poie was
• lose upon the tiring leaders. Hermis
had run his race and was dropping:
b»<*k. and Shaw swung the favorite a
•trifle wide. As he did fo Hr-Igersen shot
in on the rail, and in a driving lini?h.
seventy yards from the wire. The
Picket's nose showed in front of Irish
Lad. Lyne. on Proper, in a vigorous
ride, brought the Jennings candidate
Kjongside trf Hermis, who fell back to
fourth place.
There was an extraordinary scene of
excitement during the brief space of
time which elapsed after the strug
gling thoroughbreds had passed the
three-quarter post. Cries from thou
sands urging on the favorite and
shrieking the name of his jockey rent
the air. When Hermis fell back upon
« nterins the stretch and it seemed al
most certain that Irish Lad would re
peat his victory of last year, forty
thousand persons .screamed his
name, men threw up their hats and
embraced one another out of sheer
delight at being fortunate enough
to have witnessed the grand strug
gle. They did not realize how
• lose up Helg^ifen had brought
the p«j of ihe Waldeck Stables.
nor did they observe that Shaw, on
Irish l^id. was net as near the rail as
he might have be'n. The Western horse
responded^ nobly to the call. Through
b pap barely wide enough for him to
pass, he made his run and won by th»
.length of his muzzle.
niE i'kkih <;oi\<; easily
Proper, the California candidate,
ci,:no through ;it the end «nd beat out
>'ormis for third place. The time for
Ibe mile was 3:39 !'-."» and for the mile
and a Quarter -:06 P.-5 — one and one
tifth seconds slower than the race
made by lri?li Lad last year. The
handicap was worth $20,000. of which
J:.\">00 went to the second horse and
JK>00 to the third.
Iltlsil l..\I» HEAVILY BACKED.
Tlic J'^tviiis »inp *vaa a sweltering
nrass ol humanity. Xo sooner had thf
odds been ,iv>.«te(i than there was a
i u«h to bark It ; sh Lad. Three and a
Jv<if i.i <ine were the prevailing quota
tions for a time, but money poured
'Meadily im>> tlio ring:, and when the
basic called the fiHd to the po.«t no
better than 11 t<> 5 «-ouid be bad against
the favorite. Hermis opened and «-losed
«i 4 to i. The I'i»-ket was well played,
but his prii-e receded only two points.
From I" to 1 he was backed to S to
! Much of the speculation on the
w Inner, however. was conducted
ihrcruph the Winter book?, and large
flints were won both here a?id in the
"VWst on bis victory. Every horse in
i he rate was played in a desultory
manner, but the bulk of the public
wagers continued to pour i it on the
favorite until the horses appeared in
front of the grand stand on their wa>
t-> the post.
Starter Fitzgerald lined them up
back <>f tfce barrier, and. after thre
r.imuter" delay, sent them away in
splendid order. Irish Lad took the rail
;itni led his field, with The 1'icket sec
;ind Hermis third. Helpersen. on The
Picket, ?> i r= mount a trifle, and
v lion ih<- racers passed the grand
stand Hermis and Irish Lad had hook
ed up iside by side for their heart
breaking struggle, which was to c "-ri
tinue for nearly a nMle.
N'EW YORK, May 2S.— Coming down
along the rail in the last few strides
of the run to the wire. The Picket,
th* West's champion in the Brooklyn
handicap to-day, snatched victory
away from Irish I^ad, the Brooklyn
winner nf last year and the Metropoli
tan winner of this year. It was scarce
ly more than th? difference of a head,
but the Westerner finished stronger
than the Duryea colt, whose terrific
pace with Fiermis up to the home
6U etch wonld have tried to the ut
jmist the stoutest »f hearts and the
*iurdicsi of limbs. Frantic cheers
n-hicti had been ringing from the
throats of nearly 40,000 spectators died
away when it uas realized that Irish
],«<1 had RfiK* down to defeat.
0XE PEOTESTED TITLE
CHICAGO, May 26. — Following are
to-morrow's entries at Hawthorne
Park:
First race, four furlongs— Dixie Andrews 10IJ
Sea Voyage li«. Ua belle D Hit'.. Swedish I>ad
ICO, Sllvrrskln inn. Mart CJentry 111 Cernova
111. Vonketol 11». Mr. Dade 114. 'Midnight
Minstrel 114. Lucky Charm 114. Jx>rd L>ixou
114, Woodlands 114, Rather Royal 114, Bonnie
Prince Charlie 114. <
Second race, streplocha.se. short course — Do
nani 125, Snowdrift 132, Itacatiara 140. Ceylon
147, Dr. N'owlin 1!7 P.>orlaml« 102. Alma Girl
141, Boney Boy HJ7. (Alma Girl and Bcney
Boy. Bradley entry.)
Third race. on» and a half miles, selling: —
Blackwolf >;5, Lacy Crawford 0«:. Harrison V0.
Gravlna 09. Compass l<:0 Little Elkin 102.
Potheen 104, Colonel Tyif-r 104. The Way 10!».
Fr/jrth race, seven furlongs — Katie Powers
hi. Commodore 9«, Foroslght 100. Schwalbe 1C3.
Mansard 105. Action 108, Monsieur Beaucaire
108. Kstrada I'alma 10S. Henry Burt 110 In
junction 120. Julge Himes 120.
Fifth race, tiv^ furlongs, selling — Anona 96,
Chorrybirii ftC, L-'i.iy Moneuse 98. Azelina S«S,
Adare 1C0, Peggy. Mine ICO. Miss Deuce 100.
Herlida ICO, Allen Avon ](K>. Moorish Damsel
102, Dol Carina 10J, Mrs. Bob 104. The Trifler
1(J5. Seaworthy 100. !
Sixth race, five and a hair furlongs — Mady
Loe 102, My Jane 102. Plantus 104 Feter J.
Scmers 107. New Mown Hay 107. Precious
KTone 1 19.
AVeather clear; track fast.
1IAWTIIORXK I».\IIK KNTKIKS.
v'lnw 1:412-5. Start fa!r. \V>n in a tanwr.
V\mner, <;. «'. Bennett & Co.'s ch. c. (.{», by
Handsell-Fori>ern. Cntcnacon 107, Day 'J-1.
Oaxaca Sli, finished as nam ; d.
SIXTH It ACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; purae.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Kvn — Forehand. 01 (Nicol) 4 2 »j 14
7 (3u — Wnlnamuln<!>n.llO «A.Bk*r» " 1 i;k2 1'i
S to 1 — B. Hey wood, H*) (LWrnct) 5 1 0 o 10
FIFTH RACE— One and three-sixteenth
miles'; three- year-olds and up: selling.
BetUrf;. Horse, Weight. Jockey St. %. Fin.
4 to 5^-Thanr. KSt (Nicol) i l u 12
If, ;o . r i— N'iaxus. i*7 lAubtirhon). . .". '2 ti 2 4
8 to 1— Marcos. Ill (» 'arson) 2 3 5 3h
Time. 2:03 1-5. St?rt coo<l. Won easily.
Winner. .1. C. Milam & Co.'s'th. s. <f>), by
Athallng-Stcne Crop. Early Eve KM, John Me-
Gurk 1()3. Alma Girl 101. finished as named.
Time. 1:16 1-5. start good. Won easily.
Winner, E. Corrigan'» h. f. by Artillery-Swan
Hilda. Falernlan 104. Tiyon 101 Cliockayotte
H9, Mlmon 0». Ethel Scruggs »t> Sol Smith
104, St. Paula Its. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One and a quarter miles;
for 3-year-olds and up: handicap:
BettlnR. Horse. Wright. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 t-> 5— Moharib. 105 (Aubuclicn) .1 12 12
2 to 1— Horatiu.x. 10* (Powell).. 1 2 2'^2 :i
13 to 5— Rnnkln. DO (Nicol) 4 ?, 15.8 15
Time. 2:10. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. F. Schorr's br. c. (3) by Esher-Reflec
tion. Gua Straug 90, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; four-year
olds and un; nurse,
netting. Horse. Weight. Jocks/. St. *;. Fin.
."! to 1 — S. Ta'.bot. 107 (Mountain) « 11 1 A
lt> to 1 — Americano. 107 (A.Bok«r) 1 '.I 2 2 1
Ctol— Sad Sam. 107 (Sherwood) r> 215 « yi
Tim". 1:02. Stn.rt Door. Won in a canter.
Winner, ;J. Schrelfcer'a «h f. <4>. by Balgo
wan-Parolce. Skilful 112, Injunction 112.
His Royal Hinhn^s 107. finished as named.
CHICAGO, May 26. — Jockey Milton
Henry was seriously injured in the
first, race at Worth track to-day, in
which he rode Aid Carey's Michael
Byrnes, which fell at the half-mile
post, together with El Otros, ridden
by Feicht, and Dixie Lad, ridden by
Jockey C. Gray. The other two boys
escaped with a slight shaking up, but
Henry was found to be seriously hurt.
His nose was broken, a deep gash was
cut on his chin, and several of his
teeth were knocked out. El Otros,
which is owned by "Luckv" Baldwin,
was badly Injured. "Pa" Bradley's
Broadway Girl. bacRed from 8 to 6
to 1, proved the winner, leading all
the way.
Moharib was favorite for the third
race, which was the feature of the
card. John Schorr's Derby colt
opened at 6 to,| and went to 7 to 5.
Horatius, the second choice, at 2 to
1, was heavily played. Moharib went
to the front at the start and was
never headed, passing under the wire
two and a half lengths in front of
Horatius. The track was muddv and
sticky. It was rainins: and cold and
the attendance was the lightest of
the meetings. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs; for
2-year-o!d«»; purse;
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. •% Fin.
ti to 1— Rr'way Qlrl. 1TJ <Knapp) 6 11 1 nk
« to 1 — Scotch Irifh. 115 <Kelly). 1 U nk 2 2
5 to 1 — Florentine. 115 (Mo'tain). 4 « ." 3 »i
Time. :. r )7. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, Mr*. R. Bradley's b. f. by Aloha-Broadway
Belle. Kurtzman US. Trarnotor 112, Chicago
I.ad IIS. Gleeman 111. Lady McKeon 11::,
Gallant Cassle 1 1CS. Michael Byrnes 118. Dlxl«
Lad 115, finished n» named. El Otros IIP. fell.
SECOND RACK— Six furlonrs: for 3-year
olds: *ellin=:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
2 to 1 — Al. Dufour, Krj lAub'on) 1 3 1%1 2'j
13 toS — The Ml?hty. ]«>.) (Van'dt) 7 1 '-/2 4 "
10 to 1— Dusky. 105 U. Booker). 4 1 nk :? h
SIXTH IJACE— Six and a half furlongs;
purae; thrte-year-old-< and un,
Br-ttinp. Horse. Weight. Jot-key. St. *i Fin.
.1 to 2— Martin*, m <lI.Andr>r?n) S 1 I 1 •_•
30 to 1 — F!aron«.t. 103 t'lullett).. 4 I.U2 3
in to 1— Alflo. 101 iKaynor) 2 7 1 5 l'J
Time. l:2. r >>,. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner.. P. J. Miles' eh. c. <::> by Klying Duteh
man-Cadma. Aleonqiiin !>7 Radium 8-1 Avol 1
lOT.. Mll.lred L S:>. Irby Bennett H!«, One More
100. Blissful 101 Kilo 07 finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; purse; three-year
olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— K. Ellsworth. 107 (Fntiy) 1 1 2 1 n
.1 to 1 — Towi-r. 104 »P. Austin).. :: i >i 2 1J
Kvn- Barklpy. 107 (W.Wateon) "J . P. .".
Time. l:45' u . Start goo'l. Won driving.
%\'inner. .1. D. McMillan & Co.'s 1>. c. <Mt by
King Eric-Mabel Ellsworth. Three starters.
FOURTH RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
Debutante stake?; two-year-oHs.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey St. «; Fin.
4 to .'.— •Zmcia. 110 IL, W11roii>. 1 1 It^l 2
4 to 1— All Bla-k. 1U» (Wallace) 7 '_• 4 2 2
4 to 5 — 'Violin. IIS ID. Austin). 4 .1 1 3 3
Time. :5S. Start fair. Won easily. Win.
tit. T. P. llayps" br. t. <•_*) by Wonlsthorp*-
Ella F. Auroceiver 110 £»otaj?e" 115 Dishabille
115. Miss I'owell 115. Fay Temoleton 11.'.. Wild
Irish Rose 110. finished as named. 'Hayes
entry.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; for 4-year-olds
and ud; nur3e:
Bettins. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
10 to 1— Fk-Ule Saint, lli»(Bar > r). :« 1 1*41 1
. to 1— Sw. Charity. 119 tWall'e) 7 S H 2 fi
ft to 1— Sharp Bird. 121 (Dale)... 2 2 \i 3 .1
Time. 1:U». start good. Won ridden out.
\N inner. K. D. (jit's br. m. (ff> by St. Klorian-
I-althW.«. Sid Silver 114. Lou Beach 112,
Caterpillar 1:M, Tiokful 121. General Frig 117.
Tommy Foster llM, finished an named.
SECOND RACE— Five and a. half .furlongs;
for 3-year-olds; Dilrse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «« Fin.
16 to 1— Mordclla, 07 (Perkins). 4 44 14
« to &— Selected, 1C5 (L! Wilson), fi 2 11J2 1
12 to 1— L. Konso. »7 (H. And' son) 3 3 h 3 '4
Time. 1:13, Start good. Won easily. "Win
ner. J. C. Cahn's b. f. (3) by Ru«sell-Memorial.
Myrtle White 1<2. Lila Noel 97. Overland 100,
Mlngore lOo, Kannetta 105 Lady Ray 102.
Sadie Burch 1W. finished as' named.
Barkely, the even money favorite In
a three-horse race, quit badly near
the finish. King Ellsworth and Tower
fighting it out noses apart to/' the wire,
with the former nodding In. Sum
maries:
FIRST PACE— Six furlongs; for 4-year-olds
and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Scepter. 109 (H. And'son> 1 2 4 1 n
JOtol— Tenny Belle, KXHPlkett) 3 13 2 12
.10 to 1 — Dominion, Ilfi (Schm'z). S) •" n 3n
Time, 1:19>4. Start (food. Won ridden out.
Winner. L. A. Bonsack's h. b. (4) by King Eric-
Edna L, Rejoice 117 William V II 12t. Carley's
Dream 1 14. Dusky Secret 107. Moroni 114
Daddy Bender 10J», St. Vitus 113. Klnioch Park
11!», finished as named.
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. May 26. — Zinda,
the neglected representative of the
Hayes stable, won the Debutante
stakes to-day over a slow track. All
Black and Violin, which were expect
ed to fisht it out at the wire, were
second and third. Violin also belongs
to Hayes.
Jockey Helgersen
Uses Superb
Judgment.
Browifs*Star Twirler Is Hit
hy a Liner From Keitz's
Club and Has to Retire
#
THIELMAN IS CEIPPLED
All Their Energy Is Stowed
Away Till the Seventh and
Then They Begin to Swing
Debutante Stakes Go
to Zinda at Del
mar Track.
Wins Heavy and Middle
Weight Championships in
the Olympic Club Bouts
Schorr's Derby Colt
Moharib Beats
Horatius.
NATIVES LAND
ON MR. BUTLER
YOKEL PROVES
STAR WRESTLER
JOCKEY HENRY INJURED
IN A FALL AT WORTH
Western Champion
Is Strongest at
Finish.
THE PICKET BEATS IRISH LAD FOR BROOKLYN HANDICAP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. MAY 2V, 1904.
WINNERS OF THE BROOKLYN HANDICAP
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
v**M EXCELLENCE A
1 "?^ VVriS&W/^S Pfo^i** perfect brewing and ftr- JL
A **3BlJ^ "CLEAN -TASTE -The absence o( U
If \ >^ i*rl3E$^'^. ••»*«," proTint scrupulous cleanti- fl
|£ I v JvMl!E^mb^*"m. ne " durlni the or e w «nj process. I I
g^' ' * J /^*1^^^^W "SOLID. CREAMY FOA.M--Aa in-
t^jfc /^^ excellence of brewine material. fj
t&lg / A^K^^Sj "PURITY" — Impossible to find in \J
fiW # most bottled beers, bec»use their 1
fcV\| I 3l£*£&&3 preservation is gained through |\
yR&G&ffL 'Mz&Or "FI-AVOR-— The dirtinetire indi-
fc^Kraa^^ 1 "^/ «ze: as peculiar to it alone as is it* V
W odor to the rose. A delicious and I
ByflE-»**S "' < w»v pronounced hop aroma is the JJ
\|i^^sL ia the ONLY beer that possesses al. ]\
jSV^fes* these essential aaalifications. II
§*&_?***** .^^^CJ^ar^m^MTl^L Its P ur *'y '» absolutely truarsnteed WSteamer. For. Sails.
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 28
Senator Nome June 1
Oregon Nome * June X
Excelsior Valdea & Way Ports.. June 1
Tacoma Nome & Teller June 1
Olympla. Nome & fit. Michael. .. June 2
Garonne Nome & Golovin Hay.. June 2
r.oanoUe. .... V Nome & St. AUchael . . . June A
There 1» a skin* In custody of the harbor
{xrtlee for which Captain Burnett is seeking an
owner. At 8 p. rn. ofMay 23 Policemen Con-
Ian and McGowan arrested J. Brown. J. John
eon E Crawford and C. Thompson at the foot
of 'Folsom street Just ¦ as the quartet had
drained «• * kln * t° a vacant lot near by. Ac
cording to the arreBtlnjf offlcens the four pris
oners are industrious bay pirates and the eklft
was part of the loot from some recent raid.
Owner Wanted for Skiff.
Sonoma Takes Departure.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner So
noma, Captcin Herriman, tailed yesterday for
Honolulu, Samoa and the antipodes with a
full crto and many passengers. Former
Queen Lilloukalanl of Hawaii and her suite
are returning to Honolulu on the liner. Amedo
Storace the deserter from the Italian cruiser
Llgurla', whore avowed anarchistic tendencies
caused h!m to be denied the privllejra of re
maining on American foil, left on: the Sonoma
In custody of J. TV. Wood of the Curtin de
tective agency. At Honolulu Wood will turn
his prisoner over to the officers of the Ll
turia
The profp^ct for brisk buelnet?R In the coaet
lumber tradfi Is said to be particularly bright.
Coast freight* are firm and inclined to ad
vance and the coastwise shipping world Is
cheering up Lumber charters have been made
at $4 50 per 10C0 feet from Puget Sound to
San Francisco and $5 00 from Puget Bound to
Southern California ports. Th* lumbermen of
Houihem California are taking advantage of
the low prlee of lumber to fill their yards anil
have ordered 15,000,000 feet of lumber. Deliv
ering this will keep the coaster* busy and in
brisk demand and the prospect for an advance
in fre'ght rates is good.
Fifteen Million Feet of Lumber.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
May 27. j I
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm I Pier 2
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm'Pier 10
Argo... Eel River Porte... 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia. • • Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Chlco Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 2
May 28. .
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPIer 9
Aure'iia Astoria & Portland 12 m Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 1 pm Pier 13
Newbnrg... Gray3 Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Ban Juan..* N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul. 3 pm Pier 23
8 Monica.. Los Angeles PortB.|12 m Pier 2
May 29.
Marlposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
B. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
May 30.
City Puebla Puget Dound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
* May 31.
Bonita Newport & Way... 0 am Pier 11
j ean le...... Seattle A Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
Corona. ... Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Jons 1. :
G W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Doric. ••••• China & Japan I pmlPler 40
Elizabeth.. Coquille River .... 5 pmlPler 20
Arc ata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
| xrctlc Humboldt 9 amjPier 2
l. Jane 2. i
' St Paul.... Nome &. St; Michael] 2 pm Pier 20
of Cal Ran Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion! 6 pm Pier 2
* Jane 3. | |
Eeraplfc Hamburg & Way. 112 m Pier 19
June 4. j
Alameda... Honolulu ,.11 am Pier 7
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama, 12 m Pier 40
June 6.
Alliance... Eurefta & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
June 6. . j
Rainier.... Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm Pier 10
, . - ~ from~seattle7~
TO SAIL.
Sailor Suffocated.
..Micharl Uichaelson. alternately, longFhore
.. rr.r.n «:id was suffocated by illuminating
¦ rag !<tr* Av-dnesOay night in Ma room at 701
AigXXtry'tttrcet. When he retired en that even
ing he was Very drunk, lllu dead body was
_^l"Vaovored yesurday morning, partly dressed.
•'.\ injr acrefi the b»d. ar.d sas was escaping
» /r^m a partly open burner.
. the elusive lone shot. Most of the speculators
j have played all seven "not to arrive," and
if -It proves that the wreckage reported by the
Florida was caused by the Iofs of one of the
! seven there will be a good profit even If all
j the others reach their destinations. The wreck
j age could hardly have come from any but one
; of these vensels. The voyage from New York
> to the Orient is long and full of peril and al
1 together theteeven reinsured ships offer the
j speculator the raopt inviting bait that has
been dj.ngl*»d before him since the H. F. Glade
took a hunk cut of his pocketbock.
The rate on the Laura was advanced yes
terday to 35 per cent, an increase of 20 per
cent. She U out 117 days from Newcastle.
Australia, for Tocopilla, a voyage usually made
In about flfty daye. The Lamorna and Cone
: maugh are- quoted at DO per Cent and the lima
j and Leyland Bros, at 10 per cent.
Active Play on Oil SIsips.
The posting for reinsurance of the seven
case-oil-ladcn vessels bound from New York
and Philadelphia for the Orient has given local
speculators !n marine chances a rare oppor
tunity to test their luck. Posted at 6 per
cent, the vessels were quoted yesterday at 7
per cent and M. A. Newell reports that a
large eum has been wagered by the fishers for
,i POINT LOB0S, May 20. 10 o m-^- Weather
hazy; wind NW: velocity 8 mites per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Schr Confianza, Johnson, Notleys Landing.
Schr Blikelny, Batiman, Port Blakeley.
Schr C S Holmfca. Thompson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Volunteer. Briasen. Coos Bay. .V-: .-•
Schr William Bowden, Peterson, Portland.
I Thursday, May 20.
I Stmr F A KUburn, Jahnsen. 7 hours from
1 Port Rod™ers.
Stmr (ao.ua, Joreenson, 22 hours from
Ei'reka.
fc'.mr Bnincv-'Ick. Ellc-fsen. 19 hours from
Fort Bragg, with barge Tidal Wave In tow.
Stmr Prentiss, Ahlstrom, 25 hours from Re
dondo.
fitmr Phcenlx, O'lland, 25 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Guatala, Panzer. 16 hours from Ben
ders Landing.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, 14 hours from
Mendocino. via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Alberts, 72 hours from
Newport.
Stmr Pomona. Sv.-anson, 17 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jcpaen, CO hours from
Victoria.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen.-24 hbura from Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood, Swanson, 10 hours from
Albion.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. 41 houra from San
Pedro.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Dieco, etc. • »
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson, 7 days from Na
nainio, via Ladysmith 4 days.
Stmr Gipsy, Lcland. 26 hours from Monterey.
*! Schr William Renton, Bruce-, 100 hours from
Columbia River.
! Schr Falcon, Anderson, 4% days from As
toria.
Schr Mayflower. Gocdmansen, '6% days from
Sluslaw River.
Schr North Bend, Jackson, 0 days from
Aberdeen.
Fehr . Guide, Olsen. 4% days from Grays
Harbor.''
Rchr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 2V4 hours from
Bollnaa. . '•¦ ¦
Schr Newark, RHnertsen, 11 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Schr Ma A, Campbell, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Volant. Skipper, 4 days from Tilla
mook.
Schr Western Home, Wleder, 21 days from
Coquille River.
Barge Tidal Wave, Johnson, 19 hours from
Fort Bragg, in tow cf stmr Brunswick.
CLEARED.
Thursday. May 26."-
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Portland and As'
toria; Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany. , ¦
Stmr Panoma. Herriman, Sydney and Hono
lulu; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Alberts. San Pedro; Pa
cific Coast Steamshin Company.
Fr fhio Helen Blum, -Gruenalls, Noumea,
New Caledonia, via Port Townsend; Roth,
Blum & Co.
Br bark Melanoue, Wills, Port 1 Xownsend;
J J Moore & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, May 20.
Stmr Iaqua, Jorgenson, San Pedro.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. Half moon Bay.
Stmr F A Kilburn. Jahnsen, I»ort Rodgers
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego
Ger stmr Hermonthla, Knudsen, Hamburg
and way Ddrts.
Stmr Prentins, Ahlstrom, Eureka.
Ger Etmr Aeolus, Lemmln, Jallut, Marshall
Island.
Stmr ¦ Sonoma, Herriman. Honolulu and
Sydney. . •¦¦••.
Stmr Sequoia, McClements, Willapa Harbor.
Stmr G C Lindauerj Allen, Grays Harbor.
Etmr Pomo, Jacobs, Albioit. - : . ,
Fr bark Marechal Davo'ut, Rompart, Queens
town. V ¦ ' - ' . '
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
PYRAMID HARBOR— Arrived May 10— Ship
Star of Italy, henc? May 4; stmr Chllkat,
hence Mav 8. via Coniox.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 2C— Bktn John Smith,
for San Francisco.
Arrived May 20 — Bktn Northwest, hence
May 5.
REDONDO — Sailed May 2C — Stmr Melville
Dollar, for fian Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 26— Stmr
James S Higglns, hence May 23.
HOQUIAM— galled May 25— Stmr Olympic,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived May 20— Stmr Corona,
hence May 25.
Sailed May 26— Stmr Pasadena, for San Pe
dro; stmr Lakme, for Tacoma.
Arrived Mav '2fi — Sehr Olga, hence May 23.
May 25 — Stmrs Arctic and Westport, hence
May — .
SEATTLE — Sailed May 26, 10:15 a m — Stmr
City of Seattle, for Skagway; atmr Edith,' for
San Francisco.
Arrived May 26. 3 p m — Stmr Santa Bar
bara, hence May 21.
KARLUK— Arrived Arrll 1»— Shljj Star of
Russia, hence April 2.
ALITAK— Arrived May 13— Stmr Nushagak,
hence May 3. May 21 — Bark Gatherer hence
April 27.
EVERETT— -Arrived May 26 — Schr Snow &
Burgess, from Seattle.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 2ft— Stmf Mel
vim- Dollar, from Redondo; schr Annie T-areen,
from Tacoma.
Sailed May 26 — Schr Andy Mahoney, for As
toria: stmr San Pedro, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Sailed May 26— Stmr Asuncion,
fdr Port Harford.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed 26— Stmr
Olympic, for San Francisco: schr .Comet, for
Santa Barbara.
Arrived May 20— Stmr Chehalls, hence May
21: schr Sausallto, hence May 10.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 26— Stmr Czarina,
hence May 24.
MARSHF1ELD— Sailed May 26— Schr Web
foot, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed May 25— ShlD Emily
F Whitney for Makaweli. ,
MAKAWE-LI— Arrived May 21— Bktn B?ni-
Cia, frpm Honolulu. May 23 — Schr Allen A,
from Tacoma.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 25— Stmr Atlas,
from Port Arthur. *
Sailed May 23 — Fr b«rk Cornell Bart, for
Shanghai. , «_
FOREIGN TORTS.
VICTORIA — Passed in May 25— Nor stmr
Tcllus, hence May 21. for Ladysmith.
BRISBANE — Arrived May 21 — Br itmr
Aorangi, from Vancouver.
. PANAMA— Arrived May 17 — Strar San Jose,
hence May 23.
.VENTNOR— Passed May, 24-^-Ital ehip S
Celestei from Antwerp, for Oregon.
CLYDE^-In nort May 10— Br bark Sofala, ',
for Esquimau, via Barry.
HAMBURG— Sailed May 21— Bf ship County
Of Roxburghe. for New fork.
HONGKONG— Sailed May 23— 'Br etmr Tar
tar, for Vancouver.
-YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 17— Stmr Pleia
des for Seattle. ' ' \ ¦
. NANAIMO— ArrlVfd May 26—Nor «tmr Ti
tajiia; hence May 21. •
LADYSMITH— Arrived , May 26— Nor stmr
Tellus. hence May 21. ¦ J
HAIPHONG— Sailed May 24— Ship Forest
Home, for Port Townsend. .-:v -;-.• • s
OCEAN STEAMERS.
1 QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 20— Stmr Ce
drlc, from New York. /
- NEW YORK— Arrived May 26— Stmr Aura
nia, from Liverpool. . - - .
PORT HAPLOCK— Sailed May 20— Br shop
Clan Mackenzie, for Callao.
TATOO8H— Passed May 20— Schr H D Btn
dixsen. from Everett, for Nome.
Passed May 20 — U S stmr MacArthur, hence
May ID for Seattle: rtmr Rainier, hence May
22 for BellinBham.
Passed out May 2C — Schr Philippine, for San
Francisco: Fr bark Turgot, for Queenstown.
BANDON— Sailed May 26— Schr Ruby, for
San Fraiicifeco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed May 25— Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
Steamer. \ From. I Due.
City Sydney.. Xew York via Acapulco'lMay 27
Centralia Han Pedro May 27
EanPcdro San Pedro May 27
Siberia China & Japan May 2T
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma May 27
Mlneola Tacoma May 27
S.Monica Grays Harbor May 28
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. May 28
Corona Humboldt May 29
G. W. Elder., j Portland & Astoria..... May 29
Chas. Nelson, i San Pedro May 29
Curacao j Mexican Ports May 20
Ntwburg San Pedro May 20
Arctic Humboldt May 29
State of Cal.. I San Diego & Way Pts.jMay SO
Czarina ! Coos Bay |May 30
Berapis i Seattle jMay :!0
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. May 30
Elizabeth.... ! Coquille River May :)'.»
Eureka j Humboldt May 31
Alameda Honolulu May 31
Umatilla ! Puget. Sound Ports May 31
Porao Point Arena & Albion.. May 31
Argo Eel Rrver Ports May 31
City Peking.. New York via Panama. May 31
Newport j New York via Panama. June 1
Co..b lay San Pedro & Way Pts.Uune t
Pomona Humboldt (June 1
Rutimf Seattle & Bellingham. [June 2
North Fork.-. Humboldt .....ljune 2
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. | June 2
Santa Roea.. San Diego & Way PortsjJune 2
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma June 3
Alliance... I Portland &, Way Ports. June 3
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 3
Queen j Puget Sound Ports. ... June 5
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. (June ft
City Para....) New York via Panama. | June 8
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
May 2(5, 1904.
The Time Ball was not dropped to-day. The
noon signal failed to trip the mechanism.
J. C. BURNETT. '
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in -charge
Time *^flll.
CHICANFU AN OPBffi'ORT.— The customs
authorities were notified yesterday that Chi-*
canfu. in Shantung, has been declared open to
foreign trade by imperial decree.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Ray Downs of 1217 Howard street was se
verely injured yesterday by being thrown from
his bicycle at the corner of Third and Bryant
streets. Downs in his haste ran into a wagon
that stopped in his course. In the collision he
received injuries about the head and arms
which necessitated the surgeon's attention at
the. Emergency Hospital. Bartholdi MichaelU,
the ' driver of the team, was' arrested and
charged with battery.
Bicyclist Collides With Wagon.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early irtornlng tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
KometiiKes occurs. The heights*, given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
FRIDAY. MAY 27.
Sun rises 4:42
Sun sets 7:12
Moon £ets .'?:40 a. m.
i D iTlrr.e Time Time Time|
£ I Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
? |L AV . H W L W H W|
27 Sl53l— 0.2110:44 4.7 3:35 2.4110:001 6.0
28 4:41—0.6 11 :38 4.S 4:20 2.7!lO:4O| 6.0
29 5:25— 0.8 12:2* 4.7 5:00 3.0111:18! 5.8
30 6:11 — O.S 1:10 4.7 R:43 3.2 ......
IH W| L WJ H W L W
31 1 5.6 0:551 — 0.7| 2:07| 4.7 0:33 3.2
1017 pkgs fresh fruits, 103 pk£s fresh
vegetables, 85,52*10 lbs dried fruit, 5510 lbs
raisins, 50 bbls flour. Ill pkgs paste, 588 lbs
butter, 413 lbs dried fish, 300 lbs chocolate. X3
cs canned goods. £5 |;kgs Rroecries and pro
visions. 10 cs 28 *rals wine, 751 lbs hops, 80.CS3
lbs malt, 7o2 lbs coffee, 1201 lbs cheese, 6700
ibs Bait, 10 cs liquore, 10 cs syrup. 24 pkgs
iwtatoes, 103 pkgs onions. 331ts pes 20 [ikgs
building material, «0 cs fuse, 4 pkgs windmills.
0 pkgs electrical supplies, 0 cs arms and
ammunition, 0 cs axle grease, 7 pkgs ma
chinery, 15 cs drugs, 0 cs nails, 114 pes steel,
loto tubes, 17 pkKs oils, 400 tins matches.
The steamer Senator, which sailed on Wed
nesday for Victoria, carried an assorted mer
chandise cargo, consigned to the port of desti
nation and the principal British Columbian
ports, valued at $15,S11 and including the fol
lowing:
Exports for the Xorth.
To holders of round-trip Eastern tick
ets over any road, and to their friends
accompanying, the Santa Fe will sell
tickets to Yosemite Valley and return for
$25 90.
A visit to famous groves of giant Se
quoias, the largest trees in the world, is
included without extra expense. Ask at
Santa Fe office, 641 Market^ street •
A Hare Chance to A'lslt the Famous
Valley;
YOSEMITE FOR 825.90.
The ship Balclutha, Captain Bremer.
which left here April 27 for Karluk,
treat ashore May 16 at Geese Islaml.
off Kodiak, and will become a iota!
loss. All hands got ashore and the
cargo may be saved. The Balclutha
was one of the large fleet that went
north to bring down the season"?
catch of salmon. Like the others, the
Balclutha <?arri;d a largo cargo of
cannery supplies, and in addition to
her crew had on board a numerous
company of white and Chinese tisher
men and laborers. She lef: here in
tending to call at LalystMth. but the
went her proved unfavorable and she
pri-creded directly to Alaska.
Turning back is to some supersti
tious minds an invitation to the god3
of ill luck. TJ?e Balclutha barely
cleared the coast off this port when
tvo ".omen stowaways wers discovered
hidden away in the forecastle. Cap
tain Bremer turned back and off the
port transferred the women to a pilot
boat, en which they were brought to
Meiggs wharf. •
The Balclutha !•? owned by Pope &
Talbot of this city. She was under
charter to the Alaska Packers' Associa
tion. She was tuilt in 18S6 at Glasgow
ftti is n T 'e«>sel A 1531 tor.s register.
With the news of the Balclutha's
r*:i->advpnture c>me wor-3 of the wife
arrival at northern ports of othsr ves
sels of the saln-on fleet. The Star of
Russia reached Karluk April 19. The
Gatherer arrived at AHtajt May 13, and
on May 21 the steamsr Nushagak
reached the same port. Th* Star of
Italy and the Chilcat rsached Pyra
mid Harbor May 19.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission -street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
The British bark Melanope is chartered for
lumber from Puget Sound to Sydney at 33s
9d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
and all deeply laden with the product of south
ern forests passed in through the Golden Gate.
Their carrots totaled ;{,r>22,(tX> feet of lumber.
AMERICAN SHIP BALCLUTHA. ONE OF THE SALMON FLF.ET BELONGING TO THE ALASKA PACKERS' ASSOCIATION,
WHICH IS REPORTED ASHORE AND A TOTAL LOSS ON GEESE ISLAND. OFF KODIAK. THE CREW REACHED LAND
AND THE CARGO MAY BE SAVED.
The company has received many let
ters from property owners on Sutter
and Polk streets and Pacific avenue
asking for an electric service along
those thoroughfares to replace the
present antiquated cable line, and as
surance has been given by many of the
down town property owners of their
support if the company decides to con
struct a trolley system. Although Gen
eral Manager Chapman of the United
Railroads is not disposed to discuss
the question it was learned yesterday
that the company has two projects
awaiting the decision of the Board
of Supervisors. They are embraced in
the petition for a permit to electrize
the Ferries and Cliff .House line.
One la to make the latter part
of a through town service by
way of Devisadero and Sac
ramento streets, and the other is the
electrizing of the Sutter street road and
joining with it the Ferries and Cliff
House branch or the Sutro line on Cen
tral avenue, either of which projects
will greatly relieve the traffic on the
other lines on busy days and afford
better accommodations for downtown
people who seek an outing at the beach
on holidays.
The changing of thf Sutter street
cable system to an electric- road will,
according to estimates of the engineer
ing department of the United Rail
roads, take at least a year, during
which, however, cars would continue to
be operated along that street. The
Sutter street road has a five- foot
gauge, which would have to be en
tirely changed to the standard gauge,
necessitating the tearing up^ of the
whole roadbed, which Is reaching an
obsolete state.
Should these plans be carried out the
larger and more commodious elsctric
cars, recently placed on the Eddy street
line, will be substituted far thfe smaller
ones now in use ort the Sutter street
road and the carrying capacity and
the general accommodations will be en
hanced. The time schedule between
the center of the 'city and the ocean
beach also will be materially reduces.
The. transforming of the Sutter street
railway and its Polk street and Pa
cific avenue branch into an electric
road and making it part of a through
system to the ocean beach is a matter
now under, consideration by the man
agement of the United Railroads. The
plan will depend upon the action of the
Board of Supervisors In connection
with the proposition to permit the elec
trizing of the Ferries and Cliff House
steam road.
. . • ATiii.i-rnrs at post.*
Post field day at ihe Presidio yester
iay brought a Ing crowd from the city,
ind .the officers and enlisted men
rosed out in large numbers. The
. ::\od relay race was the feature of
!*> day and caused much enthusiasm
tmons thf- spectators. The games took
. . - on the new grounds. The colored
roo&erE of the Ninth Cavalry, as usual,
ilayed - a most prominent part in the
litterent events. They were loudiy ap
•lauded. The contests resulted as fol
ows:
Th« fir*t relay race, dismounted, for coast
¦ r> o:;!y. was won by the One Hundred
n.J Fifth Oattputy.
7 h(- . K«>-yard dahh wai= won by Corporal
onee, JTrocp U N'iiSth Cs.\-a.lry, in lo 3-5
rhe rafiDinc high juir.p by Private Rey
olda, Tw<':uy-rourth Field ArtiHery, 5 feet 4
Dche*; nooBd. Corporal Jones, Ninth Cav
.ilviJual fercing by Private Harni". Ninth
"mairj'.
JbrM-tessc4 race by the Sixty-fifth Com
*ny. .Coast Artillery; »»cond. <Jne Hundred
nd Fifth Company. Coast Artillery.
UpB»ted rejaj- race. L Troop, Ninth Cav
:r> ; eecond. Fifth Field Battery
•ihe officiatE were: Olfictr in "charge. Ma
or H H. Uandoljh, Artilleo" Corp?; referee,
ptaln I. A. Hayne?, Artillery Corps;
aSrea — Captain H. S. Ab*rn«hy, Artil!er>
rps: C&i tain J. R. CliriPtian, Ninth rav
.r\ : UemenwDt E. II. Rutxjttom. Nir.th Ca\ -
try: time>keepera, with stop watches — Lieu
• : -' ¦ • n. F. McMillan. Artnier>- Ccrpr;
• ¦¦• r.ar.t J. L. Hughe*, Artillery Conis;
;<=rkv of the courf f— Serf s.nt Wirt Adams.
Kindred and Fifth Company. Coast Ar
ry; Scrsreant E. C. Forbes, Bixty-flfth
TKtxmar. Ccast Aitdnr; er.itouncer. Corpo
'harles C. Stulz. Twecty-Beventh Coin-
Coast Artillery- Ll n utenant Camp of
rth Cavalry acted a* starter and man-
W< ( evcuta,
UTOMORILES FOU BIGN'AIi 3IEX.
signal corps of the United States
'n: r stationed in this department is to
* Enoplied with two high gTade auto
lobiles. Ma.ior Parker \V. West, aid
3 General MacArthur. has been or
ered by General Adolphus W. Greely,
hief of the signal corps, to purchase
:iem in this city.
Mrs. M. C. Martin, wife of Colonel
Tedad C. Martin, quartermaster. U. S.
.; is visiting her cousin. Colonel J. B.
uller. 2211 Van Ness avenue, having
:st arrivc-d from Fort Casey, where
heir son. St. Howard Martin, Seventy
:=t Coa*=t Artillery, is stationed. Louis
lartin will rail on the transport Sheri-
M> to join his father at Manila,
''aptain William X. Blow Jr., Fif
»nth Infantry, and Captain Charles
'• Humphrey Jr. registered at head*
carters yesterday.
[>arsen Made I£i« Mark
Trom the effects of liquor Matt Larwn
T^Et^d -a scene at the junction of Eighth and
.Ms'kiri .^r**t? jT>«terday aftemocn that struck
Cemr Jcto all who carne in his path. The
tr.s'n hove Jn •¦>•?.! from an underground pas
fscrwiy and without vaiting to know who
¦f lite ; many p£^6<»r»by wiere in his way he
proc^J'tJ to knock down men and women rirfct
, &*:! left. The North End patrol wagon, with
':¦ man M. J. O'Callahan an«1 Driver Thomas
" riizpatr'ick, wae en its way up th« Btreet when
'¦Itsrffn't victims w*>r*» obfrrved pickinc them
up. Thry took Larsen to the Ctty HaU
*"f>Uon, where he *a* placed in the <3ark cell to
.; ;i .''*t up. Klcht wltneiwes, including several
wfttn, were j-ummoncd to appear against him
la I'cLce Court to-day.
¦ ? ¦
(,roskt Kxcnrsioii to Lake Tahoe.
•Ar. *scurslon to Lake Tfthoe will leave San
rrsrfisco Saturu«j\ ' May 2S, at 6:C3 p. m.
.Ik.ur.d trip t:ckeUi, cxclusiv? of elf-eper ac
• /mreodatior.s, will be toJd by Kouthern Pa
<ifir »;_¦¦- in Fran<iF^o »nd Oakland for
;*? ZA, ami wS!i b» jrood for return on any
lprular train. Ov^rlar.d Limited excepted. ai
"rivirg San Francisco en or before June 3.
Ti'j? giTr* n^arlj" a v-f-ek'n time at the Lake. •
- HemortaJ day will be observed In fit
.t*:ng manner by the troops stationed at
the Presidio. In the morning at 10
••clock companies of the Tenth and
•Twenty -eiphih Infantry regiments will
assemble at the intersection of Market
: -tr eet asd Van Ness avenue and march
< ut to the Presidio. There, in the Na
tionaJ Cemetery, the usual ceremonies
. ~ :.leinerial day will be observed. All
The graves of the soldiers who fell in
. r,*>ir country's cause will be profusely
¦ vered with flowers, while on each
...und will be placed an American
; • „ tr.
. The parade of the regulars on the
avenue will b<? of an unusually inter
estlns character. Added to the general
march there will be a review of the
iroops taking nart toy Colonel Edward
S. 4?olton. Major Thomas W. Griffith
will be in tommand of the Twenty
• ighth and Major Henry Ii. Moon in
cCmm&nd of the Tenth. The bands of
-; ith regiments will Hake part in thy
parade. This promises exceflent
Sports by Enlisted Men at
.. the Presidio Delight a
Larire Crowd of Onlookers
United Railroads Figures
on More Commodious Ser-
vice to the Ocean Shores
.FIELD DAY A SUCCESS
One of the Salmon Fleet Goes Ashore at Geese Island Off Ko
diak — Everybody on Board Reaches Land and Cargo May Be
Saved, but No Hope Is Entertained of Getting Ve'ssel Afloat
Memorial Day to Be Observ
.eii by Parade and Review
- of Uncle 'Sam's Soldiers
AV011K WILL TAKE FMR
Permit to Electrize .Slit
ter Street, Road May Soon
Be Asked of Supervisors
PLANNING NEW
LINE TO BEACH
WILL RESPECT
NATION'S DEAD
SHIP BALCLUTHA HITS REEF
AND WILL BE A TOTAL LOSS
THE <SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1904.
11
3Iany Lumber Vessels Arrive.
Yesterday was the coasting: lumber vessels'
Jay and eleven schooners under steam and sail
ADVEBTI££2HENTS.
IA/. X. HTES^,
" ITctary Public and Attcrney-at-I.aw.
Tcctb t'iooT. Aoom 10J.. -la».K SprecXau Itldj.
Telcfhona Uain tins.
Residence, 1H02 McA.list.: et.
Kes:denc« Telep&os* P&«« SMi.
y<ii H"\ Trains leare and are sloe
/^VrjT>A*\- to arrW* at
(J^^SzjSAN FRANCISCO.
W^A/ Fkkkt Ditot
X^C I jy <Foo t of Market Street )
L ' AT " *• .._iyiAlN_ LINE. -A»»m
700a Vncaviii^ winter*. Ramsey T5C»
70Ca BenlcJa. Satian. Elnolr» »n<l 3«cr«-
mrnto 7-2tJP
7-30A V»llejo. X»|». C*IUU>C!<. S*tit*
Kosa. Martinez, San Kamon 8-20>
7.30a Nlles. Llrernore. Tracy. Lathron.
S:ock:on .. 7-23F
8. Of A Sbaxtii Kxpresa— (V!» Darts).
WilHumi (for Bnrtlett SprlOits),
Willows. tFrtUo. Keil Bluff,
Portliwrt, Tacoms. Seattle 7-50^
f CCA t)«v is. Woodland. KaUhts Landing.
MarysTllle. Orovtlle 740*
8 3Ca Port Co<ta. Martinez. AntfocQ.
Byron. Tr»cy. Stockton. Jfew-
man. Los BaiM*, Men dot*.
Armoos. Haafurd. Vtsklla.
TorKTViUo *£Q*
t SCA Pon C'>«t.-». I.sthrop. Modesto.
Merced. F/esno, Oosnen Jnno-
tlon. HanA.nl, VW»::a, Bakert-
fleld 4.5CP
E 3fA Nile*. 9*n Jo*e, Llrenaure. Stock-
ton, (f Milton), lone. Sacramento,
P!icer»l!lc. MarrsTllle. Chlco.
n«<i Blaff 4.20«»
t-SCA Onkdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
norn. Tuolumns snil Aojtels 4 20p
¦ 9 OCa Atlantic Express— OKdentad Kant. 11.20a
9-30a Rlchinor.d. Martinez and Way
Stations B50t>
lOCCATba Overland Limited — Ugdeo,
Denier. Omaha, Chicago. 8.20P
10-OCAValleio 12.20*
i 10.00a Los Ansel?* Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
ISnymoud. Fresno. Goshrn Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore, Vlsalia.
Baksrs&eld. Los Angeie* 720s»
1?.C0m Hay ward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3.20 r»
tt-OOP Sacrnmento Kirer Steamers.. tll.OU*
J 3CP Bcnlcla. Winters. Sacramento^
Woodland. Katghta Landing,
MarrsTiUe, Ororllla and way
lutlons A
3 3Cp Hayward. Ntlei and War S tatlons. . 750(»
3.30P Port Coata, MartlneK. Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced, lien-nd*. Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20P
I3-30P To'emite Valley, vta Berenda and
¦ Wawona 8.BCA
330P Mr>n!nez. Tracy, Stockton. Lodl... 10-2QA
4 OOP Marttnei.3KHlUinon.ValleJo.Kapa,
Callstoga. Santa i:u»a 920a
4 COp sties. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20f»
4 30 P Hay ward. Nlles, Irvlngton, San I 13.60a
Jose. Llvermore } Ml. 50*
600P Tha Owl Limited— Newmsn. Los
lunos, Mcndom. Fresno, Tulare.
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 850a
BOCp Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12.20P
I t6.3Cp Haywnrri. Kile* and San Jooe 7.20a
I S-OCp Hayward. Riles and Sau Jos« 9. 50*
I 6-00P Eastern Express— Ogdea. l>env»r.
Oinaba. 8t. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Confc, Bentelt, Snl-
' *un, Elmlra, Dasjs, Sacramento,
Kucklin. Au'.iurn. Colfax,
Truckee. Boca, Keno. Wads-
I worth. Wlunrmucca .... 6 20*
B.ODp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday I 7sn .
70CpValleJo. Sunday only f ' ou
7.CGP lticb:nond. Han Pablo. Port Costa,
Marlines and War 8tatloaa 11. 20 A
7-COp Oregon A California Express — Sac
ramento, MaryavlUe, Redding.
Portlnud, Puget Sonnd and East. 8.50a
8-05pReno Pansenger — Trucltee, Lake
Tahgr 7-SQa
9.10p Hay waril, Kile* and San Jose (Sun-
daronly> . 11-SOa
COAST LI N E (Narrow tiaage).
<Koot ot Market 8treet.>
| 7.45a Snnta Crux E.xcur»lon(Snnday only) 8-10P
, B.1&A Newark, OentcrTille. San Jose, ' t
1 Felton, Bonlaer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Station! 5 55?
I t2-15p Newars, Centerville, San Joto,
New Aim ml ca. Los Us tot. Felton,
| Boulder Crock, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations +13-55 a
, 4.1Bp Newark, San Jose, LosOatos and » t3.K5A
way statlonir ) ;10 55a
\ 4.1 5p Wright, Felton. Bonlder Creek and
Santa Cruz. Saturday and Sunday
only »1-55a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SA.N KUAN Cisco, foot vC Market St. (S:tp<»
. — 1 1 : 15 S:0O 11:00 A.M. 100 3 00 615 T.m.
' rrom OAKLAND, root of Broadway — t«:UO tj:«l
+8:03 10:tt>A.M. 12 CO 200 4.00 P.M.
COAST LINE <Uroad «ange>.
t IW~ Cfnlnl itii'i Tmro.«en<l Streets.)
S-IOa San Jose aotl Way Stacions 6 30p
C0a Sau .lose and Way Stations 5.4QP
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10-30p
B.UOa New AluiaUen (Taet., Frlrt.. only), 4-10*»
J 8 00a Th« Coaster— Stops only San Jose.
I Ollroy (connection for nollla-
ter), Pajaro, CastroYlHe (con-
, nectlon to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove), Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Kohles. Santa Mar-
garita. San Luis Oblspo, principal
stations thence Surf (connection
' for Lompoc). principal statlona
' thence Santa Hsi^ara, Sun liuen»-
Tentiira. Burtian %. Im0 AnKeles . 10-45 *
9.00a San Jote. Tro« Pfnoa, Capttola,
SAntaCruj.PaciacHroTe.Saltnaa,
San Lots Oblspo and Principal
Way Stations 4-10p
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
" 11 30a Santa CUra, San Jose, Los Oatos
and Way Stations 7.30p
1-3€p San Jose and Way Stations 8 36a
3 Clip Del Monte Kxpress— Santa Clara,
San Jose. Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa ,
I Cl.Tra, except Sunday, fur Santa
Cruz. Bonider Creek and Harrow
' Gange Points) at Gllroy for Uol-
llst>-r, Tres Plnos. at Pajaro for
Santa Cruz, at Csstrovtlle for
Salinas 12-15»
3 -30P Tres Plnos Wav Pans ensrer 10 45a
! 430p "an Jose and Way Stations t80CA
; *5 OOP Santa Clara, san Jose. Los tiatos,
. ' and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) +9 00a
!5 30p San Joseand Principal Way Station* {9.40a
5 45p Sunset Limited.— lledwood. San
Jose. Gllroj, Salinas. Paso ISobles,
San Luis Oblspu, Santa Barbara.
I.111 Angeles, Iwin'.nir. El Pasov
>iew Orleans, New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crux
I and at Ca»trovii> for Pacific
Grnreand Way Stations 7.10a
<6 15p San Mateo,B«resford,Belnaost,9an
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
MenloPark. Palo AJto »5 4Sa
8 33p Ssn Jose and Way Stulton* 6-38 a
8-OOp Palo Alto and Way Stations 1015*
11.3CP boath San Francisco, MUIbrae, Bur-
Uci(ame. San Msteo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Memo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45*
j11-3Cp Slaytleld. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. Sante Clara aad
San Jusa t3 45p
A for Mummy. P for Afteraoon.
'Sunday ezcepted. ? Snndar onlr
<t 8aturd*7 only. fr Monday only.
i Stops al all stations on Sunday,
f romy trains stoppinK at Valencia St. soutnbounj
are«:10A.X.. ":00 a. *., 7:U a. *., 11:30a. H., S:30r.»..
1:50 »J*\>n4 iJSJUS- *
l^j^^^^^ TO SAN RAFAEL,
«8l® §3 $09 POSS VALLEY
? 1^J^Tfi t '*y^^r^Mj *Wfc/fc/ T sfVaU.aW.Ll A p
lMV?sl1{r*a1»»s«*^ ' C Jsslslr U^Sla J *T^T™I* T TT ITT V^VV
5^^?^ss^ illULL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
'ySwjfw£SQ2s*S^ii«' Via Sanssllto Tarry.
SUBURBAN SERVICK. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San FrancUco. week days, at
6-30 7-10 7:45. S:3O, 9:13. 10:00. ll:0O a. m.
(11:40 a. "rn. Sausallto only), 12:20. 1:43, .1:15.
I 4-00 4:33. 5:15, 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 9:0O. 10:20.
! II -35 D m. Sundays and lesral holiday*, depart
1 at 710 745. S:20 0:15. 10:0O. ll:0O, U:\ii
; a m' i2-20. 1:00, i:43. 2:30. 3:15. 4:C(>, 4:3.\
5:13." 5:6O. 6:25. 7:13. 8:15. 9:00, 10:20. 11:33
I p. in.
Arrive at San Francisco, week days. 6:17.
7:00. 7:35 S:15. 8:43. 9:33. 10:20. 11:06 a. m.
1205 1:23, 2.50 3:.T5. 4:20. 3:03. 3: »0, 6:15.
6:53. '7:5^ 10:05. 11:23 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43. 2:05.
I 8:50 p. m.
• For Fairfax, week day*, depart at 7:43 a. m..
3:15 p. m.. 5:15 p. ra. <ex. Sat.> On Sundays
and legal holidays, at 7:43. 8:30. 9:13. 10:00.
t 11:00. 11:40 a. ia.. 12:20, 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:15
¦ end 8:13 p. ra. "*
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
. 9:15 a. m., Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
•tc.
3:13 p. m.. dally except Sunday — For Cata-
dero, etc.
5:15 p. tr». daily except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyea, etc.
7:15 p. m. Sundays only — For Point Keyes.
etc.
8:13 p. m. Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc
TICKET OFFICE— 62« Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leare iTla x»bs»HU Ffrry i Arrive
San FraucUco 1 Futt »f S»n»t St. i San Fr»»ci<co
Week San- m sau- Wect
Days, days. /MippipL l1iiy i PiZ*:.
.... 8^307 f^"C«.*i^ 12:45 p* 8:45i
10:00 a ra^^n 2:05 r *« 1:03 v
10:00a 11:00a Vifei^y 3:33 P 3:35 p
1:45p;12:20p 6:40 r 6:13 p
B:15f| 1:4»f 6:15 r 10:05 p
i 'Vl»*C*riTity*Caf. ' • * Tamlpah U HW M'er.
Ticket- 162S Map.kitSt. fNorth Riillroad)
, OrptCKS Und sJacsalito Fikbv, Foot Market st.
jm0$S2&-'9 MENANDWOIHEN.
i&£pBXJTrBXSS£al Cs»Blg<afortwnaturei
!&&&* 1 tosi fjSsi dlscharB«e.lnflan»natlon«.
fMiaf Oo»rantt«<l Si irritationf or nloeratlonj
tr&ll not to MrlotiM. of mucous membranes.
• B*^^f Pr«T»»t» Cmim<m- Palalets, and not utrta-
|P^;H£EViXSCHcM!CllCa. e«nt or pcuonou*
fe.*K«A ClHCISWTl.O.g?^ ¦«!«* b 7 DramrlaU,
U.6. a. %~jf ot Mnt ln pla!n T™?^*.
j»J4l-K. _^(3 hl ¥% by •xpress. prspatd. tor
*vNaSmaMdBrsrB •joo. or3bottie»«.7x
1 *^5s*£2»''» ** Circuiar MBt ca raaneat.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
RAILWAY TROWEL.
ADVERTISEaLEKTS.
\ ! This Cap Laiel ||
Wk is a guarantee of the purity r||
and richness of our jp|
IH Mm
H Oeahi M
' H $5,000 reward gll
! to anyone able to prove
fflgfip of our product
TOOTH HINTS!
Does your dentist sterilize his
instruments? . i
Is everything about* his chair
clean?
Do you know that the most
loathsome of. diseases can be con-
tracted in the dental chair.
My instruments, napkins, e"tc,
are all thoroughly sterilized. My
method for doing your work with-
out pain is no fake. A call will
convince you. •
DR. A. LI SIMPSON, Dentist,
1206 MARKET ST.
] ¦ _^
! h visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat d
kUSEUi OF gSJATOMY{
j A Qfo io5i unzn st. tot. tun. s.r.CiK A
! A rjir . Th« Larreit Anatomical Mokwi ia the \
{ /) . ¦ ii T^O».., World. v7eaicr.es<e* or Any ctmiracte^ Q
I 7 fib^ftM <Jisr»« |»o«Hi»»-ly e«p«Htny th»r oldeit T
O /»5JE4l s P fclii: ' st on tbe Colii. Ejr. 36 yesrs. O
1 A n&$*K 0?t. JORDAN-D'SEASES OF MEN A
IK p^M^H Con«ult*tien free md «*rictly pr'.ntt. \
A 1 \j*4/ fj Tr«annent perseiully tit h» letter. A Q
\ ll 1/ MB f*»iti** (tortia tittj casstaii1«nake«. T
; nbl lira Write for B>ok. pn:i,CSOPnY«f A
i V if \\ UAnniAGr. mailed frss. ( a x
: \ jl Jl, valuable book (or mm) \
j (' nvt. jroni>A?i & co.. 1051 M«rfe*tst..8. F. V
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; Elves health aal
f- trensth to sexual crgans. Depot. 323 Market.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALfFORM]^ I
LIMITED TO r.Mir.ACO H
LEAVES DAILY 1
at f>:3<> a. m. f through ia 3 days, a
with diner and an trappings. B
Other Santa P« Trains >
¦ o : '-?!w' m 'l t0T Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfield,
¦ 9:30 a. m. t ._ *¦.,.* _, - r . ,,
8:00 p tn J Merced, Hanford and Vlsalia.
• 4 :00 p. m. for-Stockton. —
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 87 SoutJi First St.
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UK FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY C0MFA277.
Tlianron Ferry. Foot of Market street.
I SAN FRANCISCO TO SAW EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7::w. 8:00, 9:0U, 11:00 a. ra.:
12:30. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. S:0O, 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30, 3:40, 5:10, 0:30. 11:30 p. m.
SA27 RAFAEL, TO SAN FSANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS — 6:05, 6:5t>, 7:35, 7:50, 9:20,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, t2:oo. 3:40. 5:00, ft:2l>,
0:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50, 7:35. 9:2o. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. 6:20. 0:23, 7:50 p. m. fEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave f In Effect |.; Arrive
San Fran. I May 1. 11*U. ( San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week" I
Days. I days. J tlon. jdays. | Days. 1
7:30 a ~ 7T45~af7T45 a '
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a'
8:00a »:30a Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:20 *,
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5*10 p 6:2up 7:25'p
* L . 7:25 p
I I 8:45_p
7:30a 7:30a 7:45a 7:45a
8:00a 8:00a Novato, 10:2Oa 10:20a
2:30 p 0:30 a Fetaluma 6:20 p «:2Op
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Hosa. 8:45 p j
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a|10.20 a '
8:00a 8:00a Fulton. 7:23pl6:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p{ 7:25 p
Windsor, »
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs. 10:20 a I0>20 a
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville, 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a| 7:30 a! Hopland . 110:20 a|10:2O a
3:30p[2:30p| and Ukiah. f7:25p[7:25p
j i I Willlts. ¦ j j
7:30a|7:30a| Sherwood. [7:25 pf 7 :25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Guerneville and I10:20ra!l0:20~a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. ( 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:0Oa/8:00ft{ ~ ~8:40a 8:40a
6:10 p[ 9:30 al Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 o
|B:10p| Glen i Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30a|7:30a| ? 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. |7:25p 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Sprinxs; at Fulton for Altruria and
Mark West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllle for Bkagrss Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers, " Bortnevilie and
Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carlsbad '
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakepgrt and Bartlett :
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga :
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter I
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside, Lierleys, Bucknell's'
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Orr*s Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendooino City, Fort Bragg
Westport, Usal: at Willlts for Fort Bras*'
Westoort. Sherwood. • Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle, Cummins, Bell's Springs. Harris, OI- '
sens. Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates. •"
On Sundays— Round«trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at x hair rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
butldlnc.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN. „*¦
, • . Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
Inside Information
Abuut our methods of rnakinjj Cloth-
ir.KT t!iat tits, that's stylish, that lasts
long:, may as wclJ pot outside now.
The solo secret lies in the fact that
thf fabrics which go into our Suits
nr<* "honest" stuffs, that we lcnoa-
w»-ll how to measure, cut and fit. and
that we act according: to our knowl-
cflfrft ln pU-asintr our patrons. A Suit
with these qualities costs but
81 a Week
AJ B. SMITH CO.
123 Ellis StTHE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1904.
12
j* DEXTISTS.
A NEW plate — Th» Whaiebon* — Cannot br?ak:
v.arranted 2l> >rs. : crown. *.: 3<>;. fillings. 50c;
p!at^.«. $5; full set: all work palnlp?s ami
Warranted, I hicaeo Dental Parlor?. 24 S:xth.
DK. LiDLL'M H1LI.. 1 4 (:: Market.nr. Eleventh
— No charsre for extractlnK when plat?s ar>»
made: old platf3 inarte nver likr> new; teet!l
from f>> per set: extracting 5<K-; gag given.
FREE examination with chart at the new
York DtBtlsUl »•-'» Mission s>t.. SE. cor. »;th.
Paris Dental Parlors. 23 S Kearny. ror. Bush —
Pet teeth. $1 50 up: crowns. $2 up;f!llin?rs.23<!.
ARTHfR CHI5HOLM. »urKPon-<1-ntist.r. 1 1.1«
floor. TI;elan bM.. SOU Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD filltr.es. 75c: silver, ll^c: rrowns. S'J: no
pain- r^jen Sundays. Dr.O. B.H<-witt.2<>t Suttr.
ElirCATlUSAU
AT hom* In onr new <i'"»rt<»r», the largest. b*st
lightet! and most delightful place of businesa
study in thr entire West. New, complete.
extensive d-rartments. Thorough. ins>!>irin*
Instruction 75-page i-atalogu*- on request
CALIFI^RNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
025 Golden Gate ave.
A BIGGER schorl than ever. On June 1 w«
I move to new fireproof buIHUvg. 738 Mission
*t. near Third. More cpace. finer rooms.
better light. Finest in the West. Come and
tee. P. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE, bow at
1236 Market st.
HFALTVS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. 9.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand. touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogus^free.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 13 years; special discount
during month of June; catalogue fre».
HEALD'S School cf Mines&Electrlclty,24 Post
»t.. S. F. : a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCINf; — Adults. Mon. and Fri. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5: priv. lessons daily. Ftnd-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. meeh.. sur-
vey, assay cyanide: day. »v.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of oflciai court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13.VJ Market; catalog.
BOOKKEEPING. English, matn.. «tc. day cr
eve. individual Instr. Km. 2. 305 Larkin. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly of Pac. Bus. Co!.
PRIVATK lessons English, shorthand, etc.. Si
mo. Western Businesa College. 1107 Market.
GUITAR mandolin and piano. $-1 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
PIANO les-ons 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 101;$ Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Tost St.: tel. BuSh 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm heip.ete.
A — ORPIIEl'M Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st. : tel. Main 5752.
GRAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
office. 415 Stockton «t. ; tel. Grant 1CS.
CHINESE Employment Office — Beat help at
Loon Seung's. 4114 O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese- Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and .Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. €40 Clay.
E21 PLO V MEXT W*XTED~FKMAtE.
WOMAN between 30 and 40; good cook, not
afraid of work; country preferred; good hom»
rather than wages object. Address box 7S0.
Call office.
AN o!d German lady seeks a position: plala
cooking and housework; will go to tlTo coun-
try. 1115 Bryant st.
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes a situ-
ation to do housework: Is a good cook; small
family. 1274 Howard st.
YOUNG girl wants housework in small Ameri-
can family: wages $25. Call 124 Olive ave..
near Van Ness.
A RELIABLE young woman wishes cooking
and housework in a small family. Box 7S3,
Call cfSce.
SITUATION wanted bjr Swedish fady as
housekeeper. 231 Stevenson st.
A GERMAN woman desires to clean of He*.
Box 793. Call office.
DRESSMAKER wishes work by the day; bo
postals. Call at MOBJi Market st.
A GERMAN woman would like work by tha
day; $1 ."0 per day. 324 Mason st.
SITUATION wanted by young German wom.in
as housekeeper or light housewort Box
9C4. Call.
A SITUATION wanted by a Finnish girl to do
general housework. Please call at C22. Fre-
mont st.
COMPETENT, reliable woman wishes position
as first-class cook; city or country. 523
Third St.. room 3.
' __
WANTED — By middle-aged lady, position as
housekeeper or care of invalid; city or short
, distance In country. Apply S36 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker. One fitter and cut-
ter, will go out by the day; $2 CO. 1423
Post St.. near Octavla.
AN experienced young German nurse; fu!J
charge Infant: first-class reference; wagea
$30-SC5. 300 Eddy st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tn»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister it.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
EMPLOYMENT WAJITED— MALB.
MAN and wife want place; woman for gen-
eral housework; man to be generally useful
about place; understands horses; so objec-
tion to country- Apply room 9. Wilsoa
House. 775 Mission st.
AAA — YOUNG man possessing mastership four
language*, expert correspondent, manifold
aptitudes and abilities, now open to an of-
fer. Box 787. Call office.
YOUNG man. aged 23. wants work: store or
factory; state wages. Box 882. Ckll offlc«.
WOULD like work as Janitor. Apply JAMS3
HARRIS. 744 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted by man 2S years of ag«
in dry gooda, clothing or shoe business; ex-
perienced both in house and on road; good,
references; will go out of city; small salary
to start; cash bond. Box 934, Call office.
ALL-ROUND, handy, reliable man with 29
years' experience as porter In one firm, de-
sires work. 2 Hampton court, rear 668 Har. .
rtsonjr^ > _____
CARPENTER: rough work and handy man In
manufactory, mill, private residence, wants
employment: town or country; references.
Writ* I. SHEHAM, 52S Kearny St.. S. F.
AN elderly, experienced man wishes position
as elevator runner or night watchman;
speaks English, French and German. Box
935. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER, thoroughly up to date, ex-
pert-.nced man, understands bookkeeping,
wants position; best references from former
employers. Address box 936, Call office.
FRENCHMAN. 24 years, has traveled a good
deal abroad, speaks and writes English and
Italian, wishes situation of any kind, city or
country. Box 921. Call office.
WANTED — Situation by a No. 1 all-round man
with fine horses, carriages, flowers, lawn,
house: very best of references. Box 926. Call.
ELDERLY man wants a situation as porter,
janitor, watchman, elevator, anything; good
accountant, legible writer, etc. Box 967. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS Jeweler wants position 1 ia
store: city or country. Box 061. Call office.
AN experienced man wants situation as sta-
tionary engineer or fireman; best city refer-
ences. Box 971. Call.
COACHMAN and gardener position wanted by
industrious young man; first-class drtver;
can milk; best references. Box 939, Call.
ELEVATOR operator, man 34. recently from
the East, desires employment in hotel or of-
fice building. Box 920, Call office.
EXPERIENCED Janitor and porter wishes
' work. Box 022. Call office.
JANITOR job (steady) wanted by middie-ag?d.
'< experienced man. Box 9.TT. Call office.
' A FIRST-class wood turner and band aawyer
wants job. Call ul3 Minna st.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwrlter. want3 work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsum st. : phone Mint 131.
JAPANESE couple wishes situations, wife as
plain cook, man to do housework In the city;
or wife wishes position as waitress alone.
NAKAYAMA. 4S5 Jessie st.
JAPANESE achcolboy warns a- position in
small family: speaks well. M. F.. :'l'j
j Qulncy »t.. city. :. , -
YOUNG Japanese wants a position as school-
boy in nice family; understands cookin?.
NINOM.1YA. box 9t3. Call office.
CHINESE flrst-clasn cook wants place In pri-
vate family. CHUNG WING. 902 Clay kt.
CHINESE first-class rook wants place la pri-
vate . family. Box 924. Call oiOam,
THB^CALLi
JOH2T D. SPKECKEI.S.
KCna caccutatiCTS p mm mAEGHT. langr
V,'_ J. MARTIN Bu»toCT* ; MankgCT
; TEX DOLLARS IIEWAIU*.
• S'otlfy The Call Ofiior if You Mis*
Your Paper.
If fci- ar.T ca-.se THE CALL is not He-
ityfT'sd. reprularlr to sucscritoers please
• - call OO "CALL EXCHANGE' aacl notl y
. 'Sabscrirtica Clerk in cfcar*3. Your com-
plalr.t will receive prompt attention.
.A stmacUriR- rcwr.rd of Ten Dollars
CSIO.OO) Is offered lor tie artcst ana
ccnvicticn of asy oae cau:rfct stealiw:
Tlix; CvZ.Z..
. • StLEFHONE.
AVk ret THE CALL. Th» OpeVmtor wm Con-
•»ect You W-.th the Department You vsisn.
• Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
KCUarUi Itaotam 217 to 2^1 ctevenson et. j
D*>:* »r».1 by Carriers. 20 CU. Per Week. 75 .
Ctc Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terrr.s fy Hail luclttdiac Toeiare iCasb "!V lth
Order) : „
Dailt call oadod. Sunday), l r«**-«t* l ?'55 1
DAILY CALL Cnclud. Sunday). 6 moe *£ v \
DAILY OALL— By S ; r.ele Month „•*;]
EUVDAY "Al^. I Tear J'**l
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1W
f Eai!v...$S.S0 Ter Tear Extra
FOREIGN J euniiy. 4.13 Per Year Extr*
POSTAGE. \ wSSSr! 1.00 Ter Year Kxtra
ALL POEniASTERS ABE AL-THt'W-tU
TO KtCElVE SOBSCKlFXXONa.
Ccrnrle Ccp.es »:ll t* forwarded »t:ea ri-
<jue*:ed.
Ms:: fjtfcnbers in oniering Tfcar.pe <"*<»:
<rcfh EbCOld be particular to give both M5«
ANIl CLJ; ADDRESS iu order to Insure a
ptcxvri *n-i correct comphai.ee with their re-
«J~e*u . j
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1X18 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
JX*S Center Street Telephone North 77
Washington correspondent-.
BAUVEX. W. WALL Hotel Barton
NKVv" YOP.K NEWS STANDS:
CTaOdorf-Astaria Hotel: A. Brtntano. 31
' Cl.;cn Squire: Murray HUI Hctel: Fi:U»-ave-
fcU* lintel aii«i Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NKWS STANDS,
fhenr.an House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Ncrthern Bold: Trerr.ont House; Auditorium
.. Hct«i; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GECHGE KROGXESS. Marquette Building
"<L. n& Distance TeJcj.hone. "Central 2C19.">
NEW TOKK REPRESENTATIVE :
JPTEPHEM B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
JfEW YORK CO-RESPONDENT:
• C .C. CAHLTON Herald Square
BtVRCEES OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
• "trctn 12 o'clock cim- r.ieht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
,I0C> Market street, pnpoett* Fifth; op«n until
. II r ra.
C27 Kcntjromery itreet, corner Clay; open
until 'J:: j .o p. m.
• «<¦«• Have* itreet; open until 3:30 p. m.
O» Me At Hater street; open until 0:30 p. m.
€¦1'' La: kin street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
3 541 SI -s:i ,n street; open until 10 p. tn.
CT«n Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
urti? ii p. m.
I"5 rifVf-th street: open until 9 p. m.
• •i c *' j v a :p !ic!a rtreet; open until 9 p. m.
rkcrthea«t ccrn»r Church and Duncan streets:
<$ca until 9 c. ia.
Ncrthxveet. corner of Twenty-second and Kea-
. tucky Ftreets; cr>en until "?> p. m.
—0o Fillmore rtr«-et; open until 9 p. m.
TO SlBSCRIBKnS LEAVING TOWN
FOll THE SUMMER.
CAX.Ii 'subscriber* ccnteraplatinjr »
• chaare of residence darimr the «nmmer I
aignths c&n have tlieir caper forwarded
b? r.-.i.;i to their new address by notify-
iaer .THS CALL Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
. rcscrts. and is represented ay a local
•asrent in all towns on the coait.
HBUTIKG SOT1CBS.
CALIFORNIA Command«>ry No. 1. K. T. . *+-
—Regular ••Mjnbly THIS EVENING SjT
»-.t <> o'clock. Order of Red Cross. All fcj
frat*rs courteously invited.
•THOMAS H. HI1OWNE. Commander.
T. L HENDERSON*. Recorder.
PACIFIC 1-^-CP No. 136. F. and A! M. gj
THIS EVENING «t 7 o'clork. 3 D. W
GEORGE PENL1NGTON, /V\
Secretary^
6PERAXZA ITALIANA Lod2»! No. 210 J5
F. an<i A. M— Third degree THIS^fV
¦(FRIDAY) EVENING at 7::5O o'clock. /V»
O. SCALMANIXI. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lrxig* No. 1. K. of P.. -«*•
sneers THIS <FHI1>AY) EVEN'DfQ- \&g*>^ \
• :t * o'clock, f'inn^or huiMlnp. C4 /££&
» • Courts Et. Esquire rank. Vis-ltors u&*54?
'¦ invited. F. O. MOLL C C. JS -*^-
R. N. McLEXNAN. K. or R. and P.
EAN FKANCISCO Tent No. 1*.
K. O. T. M.— Review THIS iffiKlj-?*S2i
•FRIDAY) EVENING, a; 8 rpzTk t^«
<-'. !o«~k. rioneer Hall. 21 W"!*! vv vJG|
D. B. p.ichards. vS?ry222iSr
T .' ord Keeper. "^fiS^Sr
TiJE Caledonian Club will hold Us «r? v-
•,hirty-.eijrht!i anr.ua.1 pa!her!n K and 3\ H^
e^snes et ghell Mound Park. MON- >Y:f k'2
Li\Y ilay 3& l!»04. Itenowr.ed s^^t?^r
. .ati.letfs cf the Pacific Coast, from the ila«.
.elso from Australia, will compete. Over
f^i.'O »U! h« distributed in prizes, jn ad-
»<J:t!o:i a pcid ir«Jal valued at 1330 will te
,av.ir<J«l to the Iv-st player on the bagi;!p«- 8
of Scottish national airs. Highland dancing
¦vh p'.atlorm by jads and lassies in costume
r"rc?Tcr/!!nes describing over forty events
. mrili he distributed In the c:ty; also across
- the hey; fft on*. Full bands for the pa-
.v:!;ons: dancing in the. pavilions until 8 p
in.. Visitors will be accorded a genuine
Highland welcome. Buy round trip tickets
.•f<;r Hh*ll Mound Park. Admission to grounds
•~A^c;;s. '(*:; childrr-n 25c.
A. M. MACPJIERSON. Chisf,
3 H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
ATTOIlNEYt-AT^EAwT
¦ A TP.IVATE. quick dlvcrc* for srnaTTTeei U
. &f ir." and save money; no ray in advance
. G. VT. HOWE. ATTOKNEY-AT-LAW
r»tabM*lied S >tj.; raw. 1. i. 3, 4 i Mst fl .
. 1122 Mark't *t.. between Mason and Taylor.
free ?!1 matters. Defectives trnployed.
H VC. KI.\'O, Attorney-at-L*iw. Exam. bldg.
6th rU.or. entrance inora 611 J established 20
years : all cases, genera! court and office prac-
_t,ce; no fee In advance or for consultation-
•ycrir.gt- tj- appointment. Tel. lied SG01. '
A.DVICE free; divorce costs (12; no fe-s cr
ccs's in advance; all law business: office
_or*^_gaturday evenings. S13 Market st.. r. 31.
E3 IVOP.Oj-Ccfts. «12T~Vulck7' idrtc^
-r«?: «1I law business; no charge unless euc-
. r-f-fu.: open evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
r-lVORCF law a er-erlalty; no puolicity; advlc*
" •*" ''¦ r °* X * *'- Ad PAP. P.Q box 21»a. S. F.
SJ- .6. CLARK. ft27 Market «.; consultation
¦ .rtc: no fecg in advance-; rpen eyenlr.gs.
_^ ATJTOIIO3II.es.
FOR ea:e— An automobile; murt~fc« Bold be-
S fare^aturday. May 2S. Box lOOOJ Call.
V'ANTEn— To buy an automobile in jrood run-
fllftg order; etate make. etc. Box 976, Call.
A RAMBLER automobile for eale7~Addrest.
dox .j7f>fi. Oall offlrs%
A l I PM *25 n iF „ wanted: Stanhope preferred.
Ecx CSiO. CalJ office.
ADOPTION— Bripfct girl of iTTelrsTnTchll"-
lre:i: raothr-r dead. Box 027. Call office.
_^ ASTHTiffA jrMEDT.
A L>l Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves Instant
'y; 10^. lT.r. .V)c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
CEOTHurG aEaroyATigQ.
KllTS cleanM and pressed. $1; scouring: and
dyeing. Bon MarchP. 40 Ellfg *t., room 14-
fhon* Drurr.m 44. Call for and deliver free.'
"¦BAD teriai<te eje«4ed for $4; collections made";
city cr country. Pacific CoMectifjn Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 35S0.
»HO?-Ku!'ttr, I2<«» ICattet si.; $1W; rupture
mas* lor f 1U; circular explains; tend lur oao.
BESIXKSS CHANCES.
A-S4M); BARBER fhop: 3 chairs; best location
in the MifMon; rent $15. See R. G. WILKE.
-t< l » Kearny ?t.
A J-:;n«K> HOTEL In Sart Rafael: 21 rooms, bar,
parlor and dining room; a well established
l>!ac«-; griwj furniture and a bargain. Call
It. G. WILKE, 26-M Kearny «t.
A OX1D paying saloon on Clay st.; rent $65;
pla<? is eatabl, f<»r years; investigate at
once; "this is a rare chance: value in sight.
See U. G. WILKE, 20>j Kearny et.
A— 4700; BESTAURANT opposite Golden Gate
Park: n?nt $20; god business; clearing about
fISO per menth. S^e K- «. WILKE, 2fl%
Kearr.y st. .
A— $2000; EALOOK; choicest location on Mar-
k?t et. ; low n-nt: aood lea.<-e: elegant Ux-
tures and a f.rst-c'.ass paying business. Call
It. G. WILKE. L'O's Kearny ft.
A— $¦:.')('; BOTTLE beer ro;it<>: weil established.
S*e R. C. WILKE. l*i; ; w Kearr.y st.
A- $2730; CORNER taloon on Market st.. in-
ciudinK^J rooms, rent *100 : return icms $S(>;
l»a^p; a first -class location ami well estab-
r'.iFhed place. See R. G. WILKE. UOVi Kear-
ny st.
A— $950; CIGAR stand, with 4 years' lease;
rent $20: one of the best transfer locations
in this city; place easily clearing $100 ptr
rr.c.nth. See K. G. WILKE. 2GH Kearny st.
A— f2"O0: SOAP factory; a splendid and well-
established business; also manufactory of
praiWns powd.r; owner will allow buyer to
lnve?t!eate business ior 14 days. See K. O. |
WILKE. 2GVs Kearny st. i
A— $7C0: SALOON with long lease In choicest
rart of this city; rent $40: a good paying
b-jsir.ess. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«^ Kearny.
A— $tSW — CUOI'HOL'fc'K and coffee saloon, opp.
cable fcou»e; j^lace estab. years, with steady
and transient customeis: ov.ner clears about |
JITS ;>er month. i-ee K. U. WILKE. I'lily
Kearr.y ft. ¦
A— DRUGSTuKE- drugstore — drugstore: price
$4C>!-0: established 27 years; lease 5 years,
rent ?<J0: cne of the best paying tlores in this
city; OTrn*r to retire. Call K. G. WILKE. ]
iC 1^ Kearny »t. t
A— $C00: BU'iVHEK* sfcci- on Mission St.: rent |
$;*>: daily l'ctiDts J5C; kept by owner S.
years; DTCorletor to .see exunsKion Ia St.
Louis cau»: of sale.. R. C. WILKE, 2«Vi
Ktarny st.
A — 1100; COK>.*EK with 7 rooms on
Bryant St.; rent $.V); lilace eurround-d by
factories and warehouses; a kooJ businen.
* Call H. G. WILKE. 2«i'i Kearny st. j
A — $11)00; BOARDING and rooming hous"; M
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. ST beds.
«roo<l furniture. Itase, piace paying well. See
H. G. WILKK. 2<;>n, Kearny tt.
A— $r>(X>: PARTNER wanted In chophouse and
coffee saloon; open day and night; a first-
class proposition. See R. U. WILKE.
Kearr.y Et.
A— $2000; DAIRY depot and route; daily sales
BO cans: S horses. 4 wagons, etc.: most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 15
jears; a good-i*> ing Investment. Call R. G.
WILKE, SO 1 ? Kearny st.
A— $500: BUTCHER shep: et,tab. years; all
cash trade: $40 per day: rent $20; best lo-
cation; a bargain; owner must leave. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A-J3J0; branch bakery and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent $25: fine location:
pood burners. £e« K. G. W ILK IE. 2<i hi
Kearny st.
A— $20CO; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton ets. ; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years: flret-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26'-t Kearny t^
A— $300: SALOON, vicinity Taylor & Turk sts.;
rent $50; this is a good paying and old es-
tablished business: a workingman's place;
rare chance, i-ee R. G. WILKE. '-'CVj Kearny.
$3000 — GROCERY and bar. on Fourth st.. about
1 block from Market et. ; lease; good paying;
established years; sickness only cause of -
tale. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny at.
A— $5*.C0; CORNER grocery and bar: cash
business: store receipts about $60 per day:
bar receipts about $-0, owner will sell for
cash or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call K. G. WILICE. 20%
Kearny et.
A— $750; SALOON on Montgomery St.; plac«
established years; owner clearing about $125
per mor.th: investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone Pouth 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves; 3tf-room hotel; all- furnished and
equipped for buslnf«s; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay. vegetables; all
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity in
this $2000; death in family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR cale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; tiV4 years' lease:
cne of the best transfer cornera In city; do-
ing fine business: other inter*«ts cause sale:
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.: ascays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale, or will trade — 6 acres inside city
limits; cne of b*;Bt interior cities in Califor-
nia; house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO.. .". Eddy st.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location: established » years; ren.
$30; clears $!K> to $100 per month; price $500;
must «ell on account other business CAM-
EI1ON & CO.. 3 Eddy et.
FOR sale — Carriaee and wagon factory and
gyneral joblinc: established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools,
etc.: full investigation and trial given; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 EDDY *t.
T. J. DUNN & CO. Phone Howard 3468.
1312 Market st.
If you want to sell your place, why don't you
let us know it?
DERMATOLOGIST, electrolysis parlors ; w7Fl
sell cheap with furniture and $200 stock;
clears $125; will teach; $500. See DUNN.
PARTY with capital to Invest In largest and
¦ncll-nayirjf jiou'.try ranch; 26 miles from
K. F. : stock, imp. and all appliances for sale
to carry on business; privileges; long lease
given: gcod cham-p for Eastern party. Call
for two days, Jl«9>4 Bryant St., from 8 to 10
a. m. and 4 to 8 p. m.
$300 SECURES half interest in commission of-
fice whereby party can easily clear $125
monthly: must have references; also mean
business: ej.-r.<>tience not necessary. Particu-
lars 100TU Market St., room 1.
FOR sale — General merchandise store In Wash-
ington; trnall town in agricultural and min-
ing locality; good substantial trade; will sell
stock anj lease buildings. Address for fur-
ther particulars, box 187. Call office.
$1100 — HOTEL in northern part of State for
Bale; everything in first-class running order-
good trades live town; must sell or will take
a partner, one that can take charge of the
business. Box 3767, Call office.
AN old established good paying bakery for
sale; a fine opportunity for a practical
baker. Inquire bet. 11 a. m. and 1 p. m
H. «. MEHRTENS. cor. Webster at. and
Railroad ave., Alameda.
$300 SECURES half interest in commission of-
fice whereby party can easily clear $125
monthly; must have references; also mean
business; experience not necessary. Partlcu-
lars 1007'^ Market St.. room I.
$WX) — AX MILK route, horse and wagon- only
day delivery; all retail trade; a good payer-
stand full investigation. Apply at dairy'
Mission et., near Ninth.
$350— INDUSTRIOUS young man in legitimate
and profitable business, for Indoor work- ex-
perience unnecessary, but must b« willing to
¦work. Room 106. 1170 Market sL
$500 WILL buy a good-paying, well-located
Gid-established meat market; fine family
trade; a bargain. Apply H. G. MEHRTENS
Railroad av«. and Webster St.. Alameda. '
FLORIST business; old established: fine loca-
tion: rent $35; 3 living rooms; failing health
rause of selling; a genuine bargain. Box
3180. Call office.
$1S.OOO — GENERAL merchandise store In Cen-
tral Caliiornia doing a business of $40,000 per
year. Address for full particulars, princi-
pal? only, box 144. Call office.
FOR sale — General merchandise and forward-
ins business in northern country town of
giowlng importance on S. P. R, R. ; splendid
opportunity. Eox 138. Call office.
FOR sale — Cigar stand: nice stock, register;
before June 1 ; no agent ; price $300. Apply
1103 Dupont M.. corner Pacific.
OLD established bakery for sale, or will ex-
change for country property: good place for
2 men. Box 925. Call office. '
A 8NAP — C-chair barber shop; cost $1500; going
Eaet; payments; $750. Skinn. C Eddy st.
ilUSIXBSS CHANCES — Contl^^5l_
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION! *
Are you lookinc for a safe and profitable
business opening in San Francisco? If so,
wp i'an offer you any number, requiring an
investment from *1CO to fSO.CW; every busi-
npss opportunity that paF.«f»s through our of-
fice mu*t 8«and thft closest investigation, and
we can j'lace you fn a store, factory, hotel,
mill, office, or, in fact, any business you
Clay "
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 827 Market et.
A— BANK snd COMMERCIAL REFERENCES.
QKRMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market at.
A- TEA AND COFFEE STORE.
63500 will buy this Ktort-: well stocked with
tea. coffee and srxxis in that line: good loca-
tion; dolnsr good business: established for
years; full invt-wieation invited.
GERMANIA INVEST; CO., S127 Market st.
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market et.
A— PICKLINU WORKS
For sale: factory completely equipped for th«
nianufai-tarp of plcklf?. mustard, sauerkraut,
olivrp. sa'.ai! oils and table condiments: prod-
uct Fold In all parts of the United States;
pi ice JTSOe. including stork on h«nd.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market et.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. J127 Market st.
A— THE BKST INVESTMENT.
ICO shares of geld niock of the Norton Bay
Co. $25; will be north $200 by AuRust, l'.)04.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN EEI.L YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., '.'27 Market st.
A—«1CO REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lest a dollar who invested
any money in or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock ?50.0C0.
927 Market st.. rooms 321. 322, 323, 324.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLAPS INVESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., J»27 Market et.
A^HOTETJVon SALE. "^
New anl modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy: large din- ;
Ing- room and 10 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs: the b?st carpets money can buy
throughout; rinfst linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years' lease; .$10,000: easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. !«27 Market St.
A — WE refer to 1000 successful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— A NEW THEATER.
A pentleman with $5000 oash. capable of act-
ins as cashier, can secure half interest in one
of the best small theaters on the Pacific
Coast; will pay him $5u0 monthly; particu-
lars only at personal Interview at office of
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market Bt.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and rervlces s-ecure interest and ]
office of treasurer in an incorporated realty !
and investment company; $150 monthly as- '
mired; highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $3000 can
secure partnership in established business in
this city and. take charge of store.
GERMANIA IN\*EST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— HARDWARE STORE
For sale; a high-class business; long estab-
lished and rentrally located; owner desires
to retire; will invoice about $5000.
_J3ERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY. ~
$."C0 cash and services secure interest in es-
tablished office business paying $15 wpekly;
experience not necessary ; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest investment and most
profitable e-nterprise in the city. We repre-
sent two of the larg-est Incorporated companies
in S. F., and have openings for chauffeurs,
machinist* and office men who can invest a
small amount of oash with their services.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 in a
high-cla?s real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. *27 Market St.
$08 WILL buy out 2 furnished rooms; good lo-
cation for business; including barber chair
and washing machine. 90 Harriet st.
$330 — PARTNERSHIP established business;
good chance for steady roan. Pacific Busl-
refK Association, 1148 Market st.
IXMRY for sale; well stocked; horses, wagons,
rows, etc.; with an S5-gallon milk route.
Address box 181. Call office.
l'OR sale — Store fixtures, with or without
ftock: fine living rooms. 10S Turk st.; phone
Howard 3450.
HOTEL ar.d dining-room in the growing town
of Point Richmond for sale; fine trade. Eox
3371. Call office.
NOTION, stationery and cigar store for sale
In country town in California. Address box
156. Call office.
?S. r >0 — SMITH'S candy kitchen and factory,
best-paying retail candy business smith of
Market st. F. A. SMITH, 241 Eighth st.
SALOON with .lease; fine location: good paying
and old established place. Box 983, Call.
RESTAURANT worth $500: receipts *2S daily;
half or whole; easy. terms. Box 984, Call.
FOR sale — Bakery with large stock; good loca-
tion and reasonable rent. 715 McAllister st.
WANTED — Good grocery and bar; price must
be reasonable. Box 970, Call office.
SALOON; old established place; no agents.
Address box 969, Call office.
! 5700 TO invest in legitimate business; no
agents; no partnership. Box 950, Call office.
OYSTER and chop house for sale; no reason-
able offer refused. 60314 Poet st.
FOR sale — Delicatessen store; fully equipped;
good location. Box 198, Call office.
DELICATESSEN store for sale. $300: living
rooms, furnished. Box 193. Call office.
SALOON for sale cheap; piano, refrigerator;
three living rooms; must sell. 513 Howard.
WANTED — Grocery and bar. Box 174, Call
office.
FINE newspaper rout* for sale. Inqulr* at
this office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
. cf advertisemerts and subscriptions has been
opened at JfiOf Market »t., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGIACi-UOL'SUS FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hear«t bldg., over Examiner entrance,
cor. Third and Market sts; phone Black 3C07;
hotels, rooming and apartment houses for
sale.
. 1. Cut out this 10-line .id.
2. Would vou like a business location?
3. Would you like a respectable house?
4. Would you like a hous? clearing
5. $175 per month over ail expenses?
B. We can ehow you such a house.
" 7. A house that Tre can recommend.
8. You need only pay $1500 down.
9. Call and we shall show you the houa?.
10. MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner bldg.
SUTTER St.. 23 r. : rent $75; clears *9S month;
all men: 'respectable; a bargain; $1500: weil
furnished. MARION GRIFFIN.
NEAR Market: 31 rooms; price $1300; clears
$100; lease; rent $110. MARION GRIFFIN.
LOW rent: only $36 for 23 rooms; 3 floors;
Income $85 over rent: near Market: price
$1500; part cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
LOOK at the price-r$750 — for 14 rooms, near
Eddy and Van Ness; on sunny side of street;
it's a snap. „ MARION GRIFFIN.
N. B.— That we can sell you a 21-room house
full of roomers (clearing $72 a month) for
$1200; that you need only pay a little money
down; w« lend you the balance, payable In
installments. * MARION GRIFFIN.
SICKNESS compels sale of a 34-room house in
which the profit for 1903 was $2550 over all
expenses; price $2000; nice looking bay-win-
dow house. MARION GRIFFIN.
HAVE We a hieh-claas 100-room house? Yes,
two of them: one is downtown and one near
Nob Hill: both strictly first-class: both
buildings new and modern; the business of
each will bear the closest investigation; both
elegantly furnished. MARION GRIFFIN.
TWO SWELL 50- room houses; one full of men
roomers clearlnc $300; ¦ one ¦ a «well family
hotel clearing $450. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT; EXTRA well furnished: quiet;
30 rooms: lease; cleaA $250; could be made
to clear $500; price $3500: part cash..
' MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $125.. ..$4500
100 rooms; clears $300; low rent ....$6500
80 rooms; furniture nearly new. . . . .... ,$3S00
4<* rooms; fine location, north of Market. $1000
4« rooms; In Oakland; new; "rent $60... .$2500
12 rooms ; half cash ; chea p rent .......... $«oo
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
¦/ \* B — i ¦ ~~ . ¦ . . . . , . . .^ _-^_^—^«^^^_—
LODGING HOUSES FOR RALE Con.
$4000^ — DO you want to buy the sunniest and
best arranged 45-room apartment house In the
city? Well furnished ar.d a money maker;
choice location on 2 car lines. For particu-
lars address box 970, Call office.
50 ROOMS; sunny corner house; all outside
bay-window rooms; east, south and west ex-
posures; with lease: rare opportunity; inves-
tigate. Vox 34S1, Call office.
I1>I1UTI!ALI«M.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, ~
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
reader.. 1206 Market St., Gait House.
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie's materializing
seance to-night. S o'clock; $1. 1084 Bush'st.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing seance
Wed., Frid.,Sun. eves., 50c; sit dally. 328 Ellis.
PIIOF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
• Blate-writer. 1112 Eddy St.; phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
THE FUTURE REVEALED, THE PAST
DISCLOSED.
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarlon'a treatise that Is
so electrifying the world to-day. He is no
imitator. His work is upon original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. He tells you what
you desire to know and works in the open
light.
He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life, reading for $1. A test is
of little value; when the mind is troubled you
' need more substantial aid and advice. This
is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE gives
you when you call on him for a first-class
clilrvoyant reading.
He aeks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suKgrst the remedy.
Permanently located 428 Eddy st.; 3 sepa-
rate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and bus'ness medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
. accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occtir in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them: valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
ELLSAIERE, greatest clairvoyant and psychic
palmist; if In trouble or doubt consult him;
better than Cheiro or San Germaine; original,
j exact, reliable; each line and mark of the
hand explained as never before: teaches and
develops others by an unfailing method; h!s
clairvoyant work Is unequaled; advises on
mining, law, love, marriage, health and ail
affairs of life. Parlors 2 and 3, lowtt^ Mar-
ket st., near Sixth.
MME.PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
• card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
- ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
60c, r. by cards $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
sit., $1 B0. 312 Ma«on St., near Geary.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
1., 50c; g.. $1,714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for; without asking a ques-
tion: names given: special, $1 ; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and bus.' medium, read, daily $!: develop-
ing class Thursday, 8 p. m. 012 Eddy st. •
A — Mine. Ravenna reads life: business advice;
- names given; 25c up. 835 Howard.bet.4th&5th.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26»4 Kearny, room 20; ladies 25c; jrents 50c.
MME. ODELL returned: dalrvoyant.card read.
. er: tea leaves: 25c up. Lower flat. 532 Ellis.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, date
and facts; readings daily. 917 Market et, .
t CLAIRVOYAXTS Continued.
1 ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 H $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San. Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
, make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you if
husband, wife or lover Is true or false: who and
v'hen you will marry" how to gain the love of
the one you desire: "in fact." I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and indisputable: he im-
proves your character bo that you will reach
the highert possible development in mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power implanted in your
nature, so you can control any one secretly:
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures: gives you success
in life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing- for his services.
TO a. m. to S p. m. — Closed Sunday.
326 O'FarreU St.— 326.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst. clairvoyant, card
reader:when others fall try me:good readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23^ 6th; 1. 25c. g. 50c
MME. MASEAU. card reader; I. 25c g. 50c:
Wednesday only. 1. 10c, g. 25c. 120 «th st.
SPIRITUAL healer: successfully treats all dis-
eases: 2 treatments. 938 Golden Gate ave.
ISMAR, the celebrated Egyptian seeress will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader »lt-
tlnga dally. 448^ Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of aavertlsements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
AJfP CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal; carpets and rugs are
alto cleaned by compressed air at shop;
prices moderate. S. F. Compressed Air
! Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.; phones Main
152 and Bush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth »t., clean-
ing Sc laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleantng Works. 1S09 Har-
rison »t.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 ; Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 128.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard -.tel.Sonth 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.- ,
tcl. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.'
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
COTTAGES FOK SALE.
ELEGANT cottage, 6 rooms and bath; gun~on
all tides; high basement. Call 4011 Nine-
teenth St.. corner of Noe.
$4000— FOR sale— A cottage. 6 room* and bath
1029 Capp st. : call from 9 a. m. to 2 t>. m.
CAPE NOME.
! TICKET office for all points in Alaska. C F
MOORE. 927 Market st. room 3C9 N«t
steamer June 2: $75 first class. .
lilt K!»>MAKKK!i A\t> SK.K »M'RK»>W
ACCORDION, sunburst and knife-pfaitrai'
Stewart's button and buttonhole factory lift
I Taylor >»t.: tel. Folsom 2121. ;
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure: eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking; ghirt waist* a
-specialty; 75c up.. 904 McAllister; phone 2211.
LESSONS in dressmaking 9a ts. or evgs. by mo-
pointmenLMISS CAMPBELL, 653 Clay st'.r.U
LOHGlMi HOUSES FOR SALE— Coo.
A CAMERON & Co] Phone* South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
r*nt; fine lease; paying ?500 to JtiOO per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms: rent onlv $57; oak furniture; good
carpats; part cash,, balance time; price $000.
105 rooms: cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
• 126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month, one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms: beautiful corner; 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly i'urntshed hoube
in city; call for terms and particultxro.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only,$30; can
be^ had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$4 j0.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building ; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing J400 per month; 5_year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $S5: oak fur.;
good carpet?; housekeeping; all full; clearing
*i0 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
60 rooms: new, modern apartment house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; firs^-class proposition.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on N'ob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
32 rooms; cheap rr-nt ; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; a entrances: everything it.
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
13S > rooms; downtown commercial hotel; 8
years lease; cheap rent; elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities to secure flrst-
claes hotel; owner has other business; part
cash; balance time.
63 rooms; best downtown transient house in
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment house; sickness; must sell; enap; $000.
128 rcoms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $G0O per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
76 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $4C0 por month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
cood lease. \
220 rooms; new and -up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $600
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house ; pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances:
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers;- will bear investigation.
108 rooms; cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; ' hag fine
bar; can be. run in conjunction if desired; rare
chance for right parties ; part cash, balance
can be'paid out of the housemother business
interests demand immediate departure;
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business, for exchange or trade, always ¦ on
hand. - • .;~.
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
$i"5 BUYS 13-room house; rent only $30; this
is a bargain and will: go at once. - Inquire
1007% Market st., room 1.
U housekeeping rooms; rent $40; clears $50-
*art cash; yard, stable; departure. 116 Page.'
...FREE... ...FREE...
•_ ' »
USEFUL IN THE SICK CHAMBER AND A VERY HANDY OUTING UTENSIL.
This unexcelled premium will be given to all classified advertisers in next Sunday's edition. ONLY
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISERS ARE ENTITLED TO PREMIUM S. ,
' ALCOHOL STOVE.
Will heat water, milk, etc., etc., etc., in a marvelously short time.
A high grade lamp made with a heavy glass bowl, bound in extra heavy bands of block tin, with strong
metal stand and bandit in one piece. It has a solid brass burner and spe cial wick regulator which makes reg-
ulation of size, of flame easy.
This timely gift is sure to be appreciated.
BRING YOUR SUNDAY ADS THURSDAY, FRIDAY OR SATURDAY AND RECEIVE PREMIUM.
Premiums can hf obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets: 1
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year. 1
BRANCH OFFICES: • }
1008 Market stre«t, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m. B
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. l]
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p.m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m. |||
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. )
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. •
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 js m.
ll| 106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.' II .
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; op«p until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-aecond and Kentucky stfeets; open until » p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICR :
3 118 Broadway.. ......Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE: |
Schneider's Book Store Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1904.
13
REAL ESTATR—CIT Y— .FOR^tAJLC.
jn.ooa
ON THE PANHANDLE BOULEVARD.
A modern 10-room bouse and 50-foot lot;
large lawn and beautiful outlook; th? best
value ever offered. Information of H. P..
COOPER. 776 Market st
$1 25 PER week; no Interest: lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level: no grad-
.Ine to do: ready to build your little home
on; close tu electric cars and school.
XV. J. WHITE. *
2C Montgomery St.. room 5.
$12. COO— NOT yet completed; rents $1320 per
year; 3 marine- view flats; N. line Green st..
1S64-66-68 Green St., E. Laguna; every room
Is and will be sunny;, ever* possible latest
Improvement. Apply at the premises from
2 to 5; lot 25x137:6
FREE homestead presented by TTn<Me Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. See
J. E. GORDON, 62S Crossley bldff.,^:30 to 5
p. m. daily.
SNAP— Oozy sunny cottage. 5 rooms. ba»h and
laundry: latest improvements: north* side
OFarrelt st.: $4n<|0 only. Inquire 13l>3 De-
between 10 and J2 a. m.
ARTIPTir- cottage: new. medern: 5 rooms and
bath, high basement; lot 25x120; Richmond
dis.; $isno; terms. Oowner, 214 Tenth av«.
BUILD your unimproved realty; we loan full
cost Irnprov. and rart lot at 6%. MAN HAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
FINE cor.. 75xR0, nr. Market it.: 6 blocks
.west City Hall. Room 217 Parrott building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
KKAI. ESTATE — Coqwtry — Por Sale.
GREAT bargain — Rich, irrigated farms: big
canal; free water right; very cheap; easy
terms; homeseeker's opportunity. C M
WOOSTER CO.. C4S Market st.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
SOUTHERN Oregon Irrigated land*, dairy
farms, stocks ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land, mines. S. C. TRAYNER. 504 Kearny.
JJAI^ MATEO RE A jL ?5 TAT i-?^_
FOR sale — Beautiful home In San Mateo: house
8 rooms and bath; large grnrnda; lot 100x180;
stable and outhouses; on car line; In center
of San Mateo. D. COFFIN ft CO., 3303 Mis-
sion st.
POINT UICIIMOM) REAL ESTATE.
4 CHOICE lots cheap for cash. Apply S2S
Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TAKE a delightful trip to-day — Go to Mill
Valley; see the lots right at the station we
are selling so fast.
PRICES $400 TO $800 EACH.
Terms 10 per cent cash; balance $10 monthly.
All the lots are large; none less than 50x120;
grand home sites amid pleasant surroundings;
beautiful views of mountains and bay; the cli-
mate unequaled: splendid opportunity for an
investment; land values fkiund to increase, as
Mill Valley is rapidly coining to the front:
the new electric road has shortened the time
to 40 minutes from the city; Mill Valley has
all the conveniences of a city; fine supply of
pure mountain water, good sewerage and
drainage, electric lights, stores. churche3 and
schools and in fact, all conveniences: Iot3
beautifully wooded; send for our new illus-
trated book descriptive of Mill Valley. Agents
on ground Sunday. LYON & HOAG,
116 Montgomery st.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
HEKKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2900— A ERY pretty cottage of 6 rooms; lot
50x135; on the sunny side of «treet and near
the station. t
$6500 — Do you want a first-class investment
paying 9 per cent?
J have for gale a warehouse built of- stone
and brick; fitted with compartments end ele-
vator; In an improving neighborhood; leased
for 5 years; a good investment.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
. SE. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st.
BE*aK*ciiEY~ PuaHiski:ij~piATs7~
TO LET — Furnished (or furniture can be
bought at a bargain) cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; the latest- Improvements: rent very
reasonable; fine neighborhood. For full par-
ticulars apply at 1320 8tockton st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 EBOADWAY.
OAKLAND IlKAI, ESTATE.
$6<X> WILL secure a choice of any one of fcur
lots. WxlCO each; all are located within 3
minutes' walk of the 40th-street "Key" route.
Ferry R. R. system, monthly round-trip fare
or.ly $:{; must be sold at once. Address box
1186 Call office, Oakland.
NEW 7-rocro furnished house: 5 minutes' walk
from Key route depot. Apply S3I Thlrty-
fKtb rt.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE -FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture, H. Schellhaas.llth st.,cor.s:ore, Oakland.
San Francisco Advert isemts.
ROOM" FOR linrSRKRRPUC. -
BRYANT. 518—4 sunny, unfurnished rooms;
" large yard; rent $10. S ' ,-¦ v.--
ELEVENTH. 106— Two large sunny front bay-
wicdow and connecting rooms; gas stove.
ELLIS. 1233—2 rooms and use of kltched; well
furnished and sunny.
IVY ave., 241 — 3 rooms furnished. $17 50; 2.
$15; sink and gas; adults.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 5-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
LARKIN. 320, corner Golden Gate ave. — Fur-
nished sunny; central: bath, closets; phone;
running water; reasonable.
LARKIN. 817H— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed; gas stove: reasonable.
MARKET. 1032 — Two housekeeping rooms; gas
and coal stove, and other rooms.
MI"fNA, 30 — 2 suites housekeeping rooms; com-
plete; sunny yard for children; also fur-
nished rooms; $1 week up.
MISSION, 1349 — 2 sunny connecttns back
rooms," closet, coal stove, sink; $10 month.
OAK, 10 — Two rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping: use of piano.
OAK, 000, corner Pierce — 3 sunny, lovely house-
k3»plng roorrs; all conveniences.
POLK. 1402— Sunny housekeeping rooms; gas
and bath free; reasonable.
STAFFORD. 222 Powell— Furnished rooms for
housekeeping or otherwise; telephone, bath.
VALENCIA. 822—2 sunny furnished housekeep-
" ing room*; gas, electric light, running water.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received ac
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church *ts.
_ ¦' APA-gTMEWT -rOPSIS. I
A — CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
10S4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN 8T.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 CO to $40.
Make reservations now. ¦ ,
ST. CECILS. 115 Fell.abov* Van Nms av«.— Th«
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished S-room apartments, with private baths,
cteam heat, electric light, elevator, gas ranges:
>30. $35. $37. $40. $45, $47 BO. $50. $55.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4^5
rcoms: furn. or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
APABTMEirTS WAHTXD.
4 -ROOM apartment' wanted, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping. Address box 165.
Call office. .. .
WANTED — An apartment of 3 furnished rooms ,
for housekeeping. Box 153. Call office.
MEDICAL — Con tinned.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises. Is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth st., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES— Kumround; safe, sure, nsver fails;
$2. Oleason-Ruggies Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded; confidential!
DR. EMILIA FUNKE. 1410 8th St., Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10. ¦-'
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market
LADIES* Irregularities cured: IS years' ex.;
private. Dr. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
YOU can cbtaln relief; women only. DR. R.
H. WESTON. 305 Kearny St.
MISCKLLANEors.--.yOR SALK.
EO1LERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont et.
STANDARD oil rig. fully equipped, and 1500
feet of casing. 11% in. to 7% In.; also 1500
feet of 8 and « Inch drive pipe. Apply for
particulars GAFFEY & MAHON. 60S -C&ll-
fornia st.
DOES YOTJR~ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with ('.aterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron tl.i or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, pold,
. rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
FOR $700 *-ill,«ell patent right In Eureka (Per-
fection) steam cooker for entire State of
Florida. Address O. T., P. O. box 17S, Berke-
ley, Cal.
A— FINE suits, $7 50; dress paints. $2 50. Orlg-
lnal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 2£8 Kearny Ft..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
glues, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stdckton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St..
upstairs.
PAINT your, old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof- Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front Bt.: tel Main 1428.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hata, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.: Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form nhoes at $2 60; we" pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FOR snle— Freph milch cow. Apply 4517
Eighteenth "ft.
FOR sale — Elegant OO-llght bath cabinet; rea-
sonable. Electric Works, 227 Ellis st.
FOR sale — Great Dane pups, 4 months. 640
Stanyan st.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNINO CO...15 Mkt.Tel.Buah 853.
PIGEONS — Al! the. leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition 31
vols. KING'S, til McAllister St., nr. Market.
EDISON Phonorraph Agency, Peter Baclgalupi,
moved to 7SC Mission st.
SECOND-HAND safes. $55: CO-inch desk, $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. 810 Market st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
new; 16x10. 319 Third st. ; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all 1
mak«is. ALEXANDER & CO..- 110 Montgy.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. CARIN, 803 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hnn.l. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st.
SOME good second-band gasoline engines. I to
12 h. p.. cheap. IS. B. Beck &. Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery tt.
MOVING plctJres. magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullnrd ft Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECKT
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GAPOI.INE englnps, autor—bllea and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
. MISCELLANEOUS 1VAXTS.
WANTED — To purchase launch (new or sec-
ond-hand) about 18 ft.; must be bargain for
cash. Address, with full particulars, L. L.
QUINN. Stockton. Cal.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dress suits etc. j send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 23
Stockton st- '
WANTED — A good workhorse; cheap. 67 Ryan
avenue.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladies' and
Bents' castoff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel
Davis 825; C50 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. : tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, 6old and exchanged. T. D.
• McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission; phone Bush 467.
6HOES wanted: misfit & castoff: highest prc«. :
new '& 2d-hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
MUTES AND MHTHTQ.
A GILT edge chance for mining Investment; a
limited number of shares of the Osceola Min-
ing and Developing Company (Incorporated)
will be »old at 25 cenv 7/:r share; this stock
will go to par ($1 per share) within one year.
For full Information, call or write Osceola
Mining and Developing Company. 414 Cross-
ley building. San Francisco, Cal.
~ MOMCY TO LOAN.
A XA^H^iwiAN "mURPH y77 ~~ ! J
001-002-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. ¦¦
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 5% AND C PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY. OAKLAND,
TOWN and COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages,^ estates in probate, undi-
vided Interests in real estate, property in
trust: loans closed promptly. ¦
- MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STS.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3rd •£'}.
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars r ,"
of property or chattels.'
Location, etc.
-¦ Box 4CS. Call office.
LOWEST' BANK RATE.
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates in probate, undivided interest In
estates, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of Interest. - .
RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery ft.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.:
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., 68 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store
840 Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch,- ID Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry; sealskin*
• and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
; ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, . teamsters, boarding-houses, without
-security; easy paymenta; largo . business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 853 Parrott bldg.
THE United Lean and Trust. Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and . valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. . Phone Bush 4W.
"AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; r/o commission; Installments accepted.
BONELLI,; 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cant on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26/ Montgomery at,' rm. 7.
ROOMS TO LGT— Fvra. and Cafara.
A^RRUNSWICK House. 113 Sixth St.— Roomsr
23c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $3 fcer week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. t
Fifth st.)— Roo»ns. 23c. 6Cc. $1. $1 60 night;
tl SO to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13M) — F*or-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 120— Avandell; furnished rooms; good
location; reasonable^ week or month. A.
MARTY. I
FOLSOM. 813—2 neatly furnished front rooms;
double and sinsle.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mlss«an — Rooms 33o
tt. $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. " reading-room.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nished suites and single rooms. '?*"¦-.«
JESSIE. 3«3. east V. S. Mint— Furnished room.
$9 t>er month. _^____
LEAVENWORTH. 720 «near Sutter> — Largs
sunny frtnt room; running water, closet.
POST. 8S9. near Hyde — Large furnished frone
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent llKhts.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooTJJ* cer night. 33c to $1 50; week. $3
to $3: month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH. US— Faratcga: furnished rooms), slngla
or en suite; 'reasonable.
THE ST. KATHRYN. NE. cor. Leavenwort"*
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms In th« city: new
hotel; just furnished fresh and clean; hair
mattresses In every room; also bot and cold
water, bath*, etc.; steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence; rooms from $3 per week up.
THE FALMOUTH. 1O49A Market St.— Sunny
rooms; hot and cold water: elevator: $2 to $7.
UNITED STATES. 12-t E.ldy. near Market— 40rt
rooms. 33c to $1 night. $1 75 to $« we«k; Hw<
trie lights (no gas>. running water in every
room; elevator.read.-room: free bus: bagaraa--.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Moat convenient and re»pe"tabl#: 70O rooms;
Srtc to $1 50 night; $2^0 $S we?k; elevator:
elec. llshts: reading-room: free bus; ba*sag».
WOLF House 202 Sixth st.— Room* from 133
to $1 per night and from 90c to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan ft Church sts.
A~BRANCH office of Th«» Call for the reception)
of adv»rtlsements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROUJ1S AND nOARO.
SUTTER. Ct4 — Westminster — First-class rooms
and bcarl: reasonable. .
HARRISON. 570 — Good board and rcoms at
$1 PO for girls; piano; hom« comforts.
HOWARD. SllA— First-class board and room,
single or douhle. $3-$6 wk. : American farallv.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 501 Geary— Family room*
and board: entirely renovated: reas. price*.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WA\TED.
GOOD board and suite of rooms wanted bjr
married couple and one chiM; give rates.
Box lt>7. Call office.
ROOM anj boar.l. with u.«e of parlor. wan?»4
by mot:.-T and daughter; state rates. Box
170. Call office.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
a£ exceptionally gnod No. 2 Remington, No. t
Smith Premier, $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th«
Typewriting Exchange, 53t5 California at.
A FEW good typewriters at $.":0 each: get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
ID-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 5<>8 Market.
BOKPS rORJBAXJS.
BONDS lor sale — Notice Is hereby given that
gealed bidi will be received until 2 o'ctoc*
p. m.. Saturday. May 28. U)04, by the Boarl
cf Control of the Territory of Arizona, at th-»
effice of said beard in the City of Pnoenlx.
Arizona for the sale of Ten Bonds of tn»
denomination of One Thousand Dollars ta:n
bearing date January 1, 1304. due and pay-
able January 1. 11)54. bearing Interest at 1A4
rate of nve per cent (5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five year*. Issued by tho T«r-.
ritory of Arizona, in accordance w:th t&*
provisions of Act No. 73 of the Twanty-s*^-
ond Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
and' which act has been approved by th*
Congress of the United States. Interest o-»
tald bonds will be paid semi-annual! y on
tbe first day of January and July oX saca
year, and both principal and Interest payabt*
in gold coin of the United States at tb« of*
fice of tbe Treasure* of said Territory. A,
certified check of a responsible bank for J
p«r cent of the amount of th« bid. payabli
to the order of E. E. Kirk land. Territorial
Treasurer, and a copy of this advertisement
must accompany each bid. Failure of bidJn-
to make payment in full upun allotment inj
tender of bonds will be considered, a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of th* chec<
accompanying the same. The board reserve*
¦ tbe right to reject any and all bida, Bid*
must be sealed and addressed to th« Boarl
cf Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and market
"Proposals for purchase of Insao*. AiTlura
Bond* "
PKUl'USALB.
PROPOSALS- UIDS WANTED— N'oUc* U
hereby given that sealed proposals will be
received by tr-e. board of directors of the
Veterans' Home of California, at its office,
room 13. 320 Sansome St.. San Francisco.
Cal.. up to 11 o'clock a. m.. Saturday, Jaaa
4, 1904. and opened immediately thereafter
in the presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering quartermaster and commU-
sary supplies, etc.. for tbe Veterans' Home.
Napa County, California (railroad station
Yountvllle)/ f. o b. for six months, com-,
mencing July 1, 1904, and ending December
31. 1'J''4. 2?cheCule9 with information and in-
structions for submitting bids will be fur-
nished upon application by the unJeraigneU.
Bidders will carefully follow the condition*
of the schedules, and no bid will b« consid-
ered unless it U in accordance with suci*
schedules, lilds on tea. coffee and sugar
must te made on samples submitted.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified cfceck ucon some well-known and
responsible banking house for at' least 10 per
cent or the amount of his bid, payable to C
Mason KIntie. treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder will enter into a good and valid
contract u:?cn notice of acceptance, %s re-
quired by law. The board reserves the right
' to reject any or all bids and to order an/
quantity over or under the amount of spec-
ified. Address John F. Sheehan, secretary ot
the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, room 13. 32O Sanwm^
St., San Francisco. Cal. By order of th«
board of directors. JOHN F. SUEEHA.V,
Secretary.
NOTICE to bidders — Scaled proposals will b»
received until June 21, 1DU4. at 7:3i> o'clock
p. m.. by the Council of the City of Eureka
for $5000 4'zj per cent Forest Park Improve-
ment bonds; $100. too 4& per cent City Hall
bonds; $15,000 4 \i per cent fire apparatuj
purchase bonds, and $33,000 4^i per cent
sewer completion bonds, issued by the city
of Eureka under the act of the Lesislaturo
of the State of California of February 2J.
1901 (Statutes 1001. page 27). They will be ia
denomination as follows: Forest Park im-
provement bonds. |125; City Hall bonds.
$500: flre apparatus purchase bonds, $-t75.
and sewer completion bonds. $$75; said bonds
will be dated on or after July 1. 1004. Prin-
cipal and Interest payable at the office oC
the City Treasurer of the city of Eureka.
Interest payable semi-annually. one-fortieth
of principal payable annually, all tn UnlteJ
States gold coin. All bids must be accompa-
nied by a certified check for 5 per cent of
the bid payable to the Mayor of the city of
Eureka, State of California. .The city o£
Eureka contains a population of 11.000. as-
sessed valuation $3,800,000. with present
bonded Indebtedness of $100,250. Incurred ia
1902. J. P. WUNDERL1CH. City Clerk.
SXN FRANCISCO. Cal.. May 14. 1004.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received her*
until 11 o'clock a. m.. May 28, 1304. and
then opened, for furnishing 5 cavalry horses
at Ord Barracks. Monterey. Cal., and IS cav-
alry »nd 11 artillery horses at the Presidio
of Sac Francisco. Government reserve j right
to reject or accept any or all bids, or any
part thereof. Bids will be considered for a
less number of horses than that stated. Pref-
erence given to articles of domestic produc-
tion, conditions of price and quality (Includ-
ing in the price of foreign productions th »
¦ duty thereon) being equal, and such prefer-
ence given to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, to exter.t
of consumption required by the public serv-
ice there. Information furnished on applica-
tion to WM. 8. PATTKX. Auistiurt Q. M.
General. Chief Q. at.
LEGAL AUVi:RTlsK.Ht.NT3.-
NOTICE— Otflct of Insurance Commissioner,
gan Francisco. Cal.. May II. 1SKM— Having
ascertained that the capital stock of th*
Union Surety and Guaranty Company baa
become impaired, and that said company h.u
become Insolvent within tbe true Intent and
meaning of the insurance laws of the Stau
of California. I have thi.« day revoked it«
certificate of authority, previously granted.
- as provided In section 600 of the Politic* I
Code, and notice Is hereby given that s'.Sit
company Is no longer authorized to transact
the business of insurance within this State.
E. MYRON 'WOLJ i \ Injnirsnce Cnrnmlmtton*-.
Continued on Page Fourteen
* 11 jmbii 1 1 1 in ¦n- J Mi- »m m/iVWi ¦¦¦ <n n 11 « 1 ¦ 1 1 ¦ ¦ MlTlM * m
EMPLOVMEXT WANTED MALE.
MAN and wife (colored) desire positions with
• private family In country, or on ranch; man
txpericneed in general work cround house,
a'.l Hnci of dairy work and care of stock;
wife fljet -class <y>ok and housework; best
reference. J. EL TERRELL. »13 Powell st.
JAPANESE waiter boy wants a position In
country. FRANK. 4C5 Jewsle St.; tel. Mint
r.ai.
JAPANESE, good cook wants position t» do
" cooking and plain wsehing. S. MORI. S07
Polk st.
FLATS* TO LET.
AaX^HO*USE REl?i7NG~Dl?PARTMENT:
All .:--• vacant houses and fiats are list-
ed lu our free renting department; over 1O0O
In nunnt'er; a combined li.ft from all agencies;
let us give you a list and h«»lp you to find a
place; we never fall: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
lttt'J MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER,
A— TIOUFKP «na flats tn let : an Immense list;
ten-ice absolutely fr«»«-; take advantage of
this department ; it will save you time and
•rouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259
Grary et.. en the square.
ELFWANT corner flat: large ?>unny rooms; all
m«!<m coniw.lfnc«; separate entrances and
vestibu-e; nnt reasonable. Southeast corner
nf Oak and Fhrafler Ms.
nr.I.IS. P2«— 2 parlors and kitchen; r*c*n«1y
f.r.isfud; separate front and rear entrance;
XOE. 1OM, cor. Elizabeth— S runny rooms:
r * w : ynrd. hapement; convenient to Twenty-
f'virth and Castro cars; re»s'->nable.
NEW. sunny upper flat. 6 rooms and hath;
r»nt $30. 3TIS5 Seventeenth «.. facing Market.
PEVEXTEENTH. 4OM.~b7k. wen Mkt~« sun..
__mod. rrcs.; bath, garden. $27 W; stahle, $2 W).
$17 W» MONTH"; B r. and b lower flat; eunny,
CQgjr. iriS9 Leavenworth st.. tienr <~a!iforn!a.
<<V.E. 42S. near Paire— El'gant 7-r. upper fiat: ,
»>Tr)- room sunny; nverlookirr G. <"}. Park, j
DEVISADHRO, 7CS, cor. Fulton— Modem cor- I
ner flat. 7 rooms «nl bath. j
largest list of boosts and flat* to iec call
¦ on LTON * HOA'i, 116 Montgomery «t.
FUNNY flat of fi rocm* sni bath. N.E. cor-
ner Broadway end I^averworth «t.
VPPFP. fa^F. S 6 r.. bs«-m«>nt. yard. 14.M-145"
Pth s»-e.. Surs*-t. south <"". G. Park; rent reas.
UPPER fist of 7 ttvwriF and bath to let: su-i-
ry end rr,cd*rn. IS* Be!vedere; rent $45 mo.
KI.ATS TO LET FCK WISHED.
T 1 • let— Aa elegantly furnished flat out on Cal.
;'^-ria »t., from June until Octrber; rent
$»'.5. For psrtirulars inquire PAUL M. NIP-
!TRT COMPANY, 421 California ft.
TO LET. fxTnish^d. June 10 to September I,
"1-rwm flat at S<C2 Jackson rt. ; call mom-
Ingi
COZIEST and sunniest furnished flats in the
city: on 3 car ll:ies; summer rates; one $30.
• Re $.';.'.. 41 Qctavia st.
T*"> LKT, fnrolslted, June 10 to September 1,
9 rix>m flat at 3032 Jackton st.; call morn-
!r.es.
POB rer.t; furnished . f. rooms and bath; elec-
trir lifht. 171.'; Mission et.
FUIMTIRK FOR SALE.
FURNIiUItE of 5 rooms, oak parlor suite,
-fine raryre. chiffonier, iron beds. S244 Twen-
ty-third tt.
lit REALS. $4 00; matting. 10c; iron beds, $2;
II. W." beds. $1; woven wire mattresses from
$1 5« up. Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk.
FCBXXTCSE for sale; $75 worth "for $7 50.
dewn and $1 BO pel week. BRILLIANT'S.
£40 ; .it St.. cear Powell.
CHEAPEST pla.ee in city for second-hand fur-
niture. flSC Geary tt. Tel. Polk 1477.
nR.MTtiiK wasted.
APE LEVY.
Salesroom, Ilii Market rt. Tel. Jessie 7C1.
•Don't k !! poor furoiturr, carpets, office fur-
niture. etc. ur.tU you get hlj estimate.
WANTED— To fcuy . furaltura far. a 7- room
flat: must be in good condition; state kJmi
itid price asked. Dox 157, Call.
<I!AP. LTIVY & CO. pay higher price f.. r fur-
' r.iturt-.r^r}.. ts. etc-. 7>?2 Mission: u\. liuyh 41S.
A. L. STuRRS l^ys hUhept V-at-h j»rie«>* furni-
turf. carjetF. ftc. ; tel. Larkin 3C31. CJ4 Ellis.
I1ELH TV ANTG D— FE 51 A LE.
WANTED— Neat fc'irl. general housework, n»-ar
fan Itafat-l. $:iO, no washing, see Ia4y this
morning; German cook, Marin County $.;*>,
no wat-hing; German cock, city ami countr>,
$40: cook, small summer resort, $-'li; 5 cookV.
washing. $.">0; cock ae demonstrator
from 1 to 6 p. m., $25; cook, short order $S
a vi't.-ek: assistant nurse and mending, 425;
¦••j:m». $20-*40: girls, housework, city and
county. $2'>S2*>. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
:."4 gutter £t.
¦WANTED— Waitress, city family hotel $:JO;
* »aitr.^ses ar.d chambrtnaids, country, $2o;
»«-f;r.d girl and sf-win»r. $25; waitress, re-
k- rt. $20; waitress, make salads, $32 50 for
country. P*e J. F. Cl'.OSETT & CO. 3-J4
gutter tt.
A WAITRESS for first-<-las« resort, $25; 3
oth.r waitr<-!-Res for cummer resort. $23 each
<!»e j.roiirictor in city); a waitress and parlor
m»i<l -for private family. $^3: a cook for
*tra:i American family. Mare Jsland, $:{0; a
n^rr* for 3 children country. $25 MISS
• PLCXKETT. 42"> Sutter et.. near Powell.
A PLAIN cook for American family, country.
$.'',: fee laay h»-re to-day. MISS " PLUNK, -
ETT. 42j Sutter st.. near Powell.
•^—WANTED — Girl? to learn haircreesi-iR-.
rr.anicur-np. *tc. ; trade taucht from A to Z
!r> - wetky; $3 to those entering now; 3 po-
i-itions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
tn"j at $10 per week up; leading school in
tt'<>t. 'S'^i G^ary ft., room 13.
A- -Girl to learn millinery now for spring sea-
en: both seasons taucht from start to finish
in 1 month for $1*<: positions as trimmers.
*ul«*s:af!lep.ct?.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up-
jiay and evening cla>*. 143 Etockton St., r. 13.
A--LADIES to learn ail branches hairdresfcing
tra(5e. manicuring, massage, otc 1Z10 Mar-
Vet st.. <or. Jones.Aonm 94; positions secured
at hit--h<:!;-t wajrc-tYday and eve. class; call.
COMPETENT woman for housework and cook-
!ni;; good wages; call to-day." 2712 Califor-
nia Rt.
SCANDINAVIAN or Gcrrasn girl wanted for
houHfwcrk: S2u. V49 Ft!l st., near Buchanan.
A. MII*DLE-AGED woman for housekeeping.
1422 Devlsaqero tt.
WAITRESS wanted. 20C McAllister Bt , Cap-
ital restaurant. „
COOK and laundress for Santa Cruz; wag^s
$2o. Cal! 4CC Frederick et.; car fare paid
Phcne Park 2SS.
STRONG young woman for attendance upon
invalid; situation pen*iament. 2527 Gough
ct.. near Green.
WANTED— A neat woman willing to demon-
etrate ut*ful kitchen utensils in a show win-
dow on Washington Bt.. Oakland, Saturdays
only; wagex $1 50 and expenses. Apply at
I1M Washington St., Oakland, Saturday at
»:S0.
TSOUNG lady between 16 and 18 year? to go to
Alaska with family; g'jod pay. Call 106%
Xfclrd st.. room 22. I to 3.
WaI£T hands wanted at Madam Nelson's.
dressmaker, 1017 Geary ut.
LA-DY traveler fur business house; permanent
position. Hox .".C(>. Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and eubocrlptions has been
op*nrd at 1008 Market at., opposite Fiftft.
f >t>»r. trntll 11 p. tn.
HELP WANTED — MAL.J.
r^PACIFIC V^Ml^SDrlfENT^AGENCY;
•F. M. GUNN, <£!> Commercial st.
. Phone Main 1191 — Near Kearny Et.
U If borers, long job, f'JO. free fare, 8 hours'
.work, thin is the best Job going, better take
it: fcawmilU. nortb; railroad men. $G0, cum-
i . !.y work, water, climate and company O K.
lota going, join them: 5 Kwampers, i'Sj and
'*¦: 'J epooltenders, $23 and fd. ; 5 loggers,
$M end fd.; 5 lumber pliers, $2 «r day; 20
boys, box factory. $1 T» day; sash and door
men. woodturners, $3 U) day. see boss here;
/nan and wife, Yolo County. $50; 4 laborers,
i:»*r city. 10c fare. $2 day, 8 hours' work;
haymakers, <Jifferent parts, $1 25 and fd.;
runcb hands. £.'"> and fd. ; 4 yardmen. $30
and fd. ; free fare, railroad men to build a
1 '«.- electric rotd. $69. good board, Nevada.
¦ '.•;. to-night, all S hours' work, teamsters,
laborers, rockmen. $2 to $2 50 day; black -
ctnith's helper. $2 60, city; 4 young men.
*8Fh and door factor*' ; bookk««x*r. $30 and
fd.. eouth; other petitions; come and gee.
JO\TRNME.NT positions — Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave., room 7, for free Information as
Vj positions, salaries, age limits, etc.: day
or erenlrgs. x
, MOMEY TO LOAN Continued.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
, at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth et.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, IJatual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, 1103V4 Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy methods — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
I TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
. ture, indorsed notes and other security.' 9.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
TtfONEY loaned on stalaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st^
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Ke»rny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
1% per cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. GIG Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH "caned salaried people on notes without
lndoraer. MORELL. CCO Examiner building.
~~ Ml SICAI. l.\STHU3IKNTS. ~
ALL UPRIGHTS:
Neubert, new $250. now $00.
Fischer, new $325. now $85.
Hertz, new $300, now $67.
Russell new $3S.\ now $135. J<\
Colby new $425. now $180.
2 ChtckerinKS, neve $150. now $100, $135.
2 Steinways, new $575, $750; now $163." $.123.
Heine, new $575 now $333,
and 50 others. Several squares at bargain
prices. Call and oxamine them. Rents $2 up.
Installments $4 up. Old pianos or organs taken
in exchange. Tuning $2. finest workmanship.
HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary st Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
A NICE small upright; good order $M>
One a little better, for practice $50
One Kranich & Bach, condition fine $100
One Belmont: mahogany case: a snap... $117
One Little Jewel; used three months $150
One Sterling; walnut case: good order. .$155
One Mathushek; fine order; rosewood. .$1H5
Also one Chickering-, 2 Vose. 2 Steinways, 2
Stacks. 1 Knabe; all in first-class condition;
easy pay's. BenJ. Curtas & Son, 16 O'FarreiJl.
A SENSATIONAL flre — Storag? ptanos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and burned if not sold in a few days; this
means storage pianos and furniture almost
cheaper than flre wood, and must be re-
moved. Whitehead's Storage. 1638 Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month: the largest
and best stock In San Franetsco to select
from: pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5»>o-64 Hayes tt.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos 1 .
$25: uprights. $100 up; organs. $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post st.
WILL sell for storage, fine Hazeltm and Voso
pianos. STATHAMS. 110 McAllister st.
1 EOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post St.
A BEAUTIFUL Steinway upright grand, as j
gcod as new; cheap. Horrtung, 216 McAllister.
$165— STEINWAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary 6t.
NEW upright pianos sold on?5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister St.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 0'Farc.ell.
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET.
TO Let — Butcher shop, with fixtures. Apply
.'¦02 Post st. .
PEUSOXALS.
A LONG STORY\MADE SHORT— A wrinkled
face positively restored to its former contour;
Flmpie, harmless, scientific method shown on
the living face; permanency guaranteed. Call
or write for book, "Hints on Beauty," free.
, M. KLLA HARRIS, 781 O'Farrell Bt.
A NEW METHOD— Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarced by my method: magnetic
massage by appointed graduate, old school;
strictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSER,
•137 Bush St., apt. 30'J; phone Front 87.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops failing.curea dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or Htlckinesa;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' : ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 13."^ r»clk
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (mfectlng
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central 1
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
SCALP treatment given by a iady to prAduce
growth of hair; hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
and evenings; best r*. references. Hotel
Atlanta. 4S2 Ellis st.
"VITAL ring" proSucea healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness drains, varlcocele,
etc.; easily worn: $2 50 postpaid: physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary, S.F.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
G. S. MOORE, 332 O'Farrell st.
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market st..
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. _^
ASK your druggist for the Marquis Hair Tonic;
it is the best.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Patlor. cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.-
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafneas and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 10th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 360 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaten. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1. at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
lrt pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PA^MISTHY.
A— MME. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 4C0 Geary St.; phone Green 'JO.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. oclentlflc~palm1st7 515
Taylor st., near Geary. Phone Black 501.
gATE'srra. ~
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bids., 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AXD SUKUEO.V'.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
, 1021 W Market St., bet.* 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073& Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at C07 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. H Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases cf human
by use of herbs nnd t?as. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases~cured by Chinese herbs. 74C-S Clay st.
ITORAGK AND WAItKHOUSE*.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts.;. tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'8 Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone Eut 126.
GOLDE*V West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. V«\ Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fill more st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
tt.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
•K«n« MACHINES AM> SUI'I'LIKi.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth. .
NEW HOME — See . our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used; $10. (15.. }20; second-
hand, $3, $3. $S: nil styles: guaranteed. New
Home . Sewing Macblns Co.. 1031 Market st.
8PECIALI8TS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
'. positively cured; new methods; 1 week's t.-eat-
tnent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Butf- st
v WA*BEE0U3E8.
FOR SALE OR TO LEASE.
./•Lot and . 4-story warehouse, 45:10x120;'
short block from S. P. freight. sheds; apply
on premises. 13 Bluxome st.. bet. 4th and 5th.
M^D*RRAy"&" IIEADy" " 634 "anT*63T"ciay~s't*7
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
PHONE MAIN 6MS.
11K« tve gave 1904 we hop« to
00 UX> men work. Increase 60,000.
SPANISH. SWISS FRENCH.
GERMAN, GREEK. ITALIAN.
1 our Fare Free. Look— Free Fare.
TO STATE OF NEVADA.
If you stay four months. THATS ALL.
U. B. GOVERNMENT WORK.
f~; two-horse teamster*. $«0.
L;>0 laborers, you'll suit, ?C0.
».« ariilers, rockmen. hammersmen. $75.
*.lght hours' work daily; hundreds going.
Wheelwright, operate wheel machine, fare
$1. $0 a day.
w heelwrieht. 50c fare, $50 found.
16 coopers, slack work, Fteady.
- cornice men, exceptionally good Jobs, $3 60.
Carriage painter, sticker hand, country, $4.
Molder and sticker hand.
Gang edgerman, fare $1. $55 to $70 found.
Pcr*w turner, £anta Clara County, $75.
."> shingle-packers, different places.
Cutoff sawyer; 4 *hingl<?ri>. fl p«r M.
KJgerman. fare $1 60, $-45 lound.
14 blacksmiths ami heliwrs, -*4, $3. $2 day.
2B vineyard and orchard hands, *2»J, $30 fd.
:;6 milkers and butter makers. $-"!0 to $50 fd.
16 choremen and boys. S15 to $30 and found. ,
MINES.
12 machine miners, $l»0.
186 woodcheppers, all over Callfomla.
ilEN AND WIVES.
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
VG cooks, 430, $40, $.'«>, $00. $7i) and found.
16 waiters. $2.\ $Sd, $40 and found.
4S dishwashers, $2rt. $2">. $."tt>. $35 found.
12 porters, bell and elevator boys, $30 to $15.
LAUNDRY.
2^ laundryrr.en. difTerent departments. .
MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS,
TELEPHONB AND LETTER ORDERS.
Painter, csrrtnxe. works, fare $1 fiO, $50 fd.
I^fCT, understands rir/ging. north, $60 fd.
TOGETHER.
Screw turner, south; edgerman, south; hook
fender, south.
2 bri<-k loaders, country. 25c M.
Vegetable gardener, $30.
E<i<rerman. lumber company, boss here, $50
and found. /""^
Cpremakors. city, good Job. $3 day.
<; '•Brrlage rainters, $12 to $15 week.
Boys, learn trades. Weavers on blankets
FREE FARE. TO ALL.
P BOILERMAKERS, boss here. $3 50 to $4
; day. time and half overwork. Including
bosrd and lodging.
i LOOK.
J Polisher, northern laundry, $15 «. week.
Roiu-tabout. musician preferred, springs, $30.
Best Place* at MURRAY & READY.
Best Wages at > 634-636 Clay gt.
BUTCHER, all-round man, fare $L $35 found;
*e.~ond cook, $45 found,
o latorers, Swedes. Danes or Norwegians, for
b'g lumber company, $.">5 and found.
6 drillers, city Job. $07 50.
<"arpenter foreman, 80c fare, $4 day. *
25 laborers, gold quartz mine. $07 60.
3 machine miners. $90.
Ironcr, country, fare $1 25, $2 50 dsy
MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
12 laborer?, fare $1 DO. $t?0. '
12 laborers, 25c fare. $2 dav.
Ll'MBm SYNDICATE?.
25 laborer?, you'll xuit. $4.'. and found.
24 laborers, mills and yards, $00.
BUTCHERS.
Ranch butcher, Fnuth. fare $4. $40 and fd.
MARRIED.
Farmer and wife, fare $1 25. $."><> and found.
Farmer and wife, Monterey County. $45 fd.
Tinsmith, factory, fare -'tOc. $3 day.
3 milkers together, far^ $1. Juil and found.
Vegetable panlen-r. north, $30 and found.
FREE FARE— NEVADA.
155 drillers. Government work.
15T> headermen. Government work. '
LOOK.
2 painters and paperhangers, city, $3 day.
2 lathers, city job. $2 50 per If.
STABLEMEN.
1<* stablemen, many together, country, $"5 fd.
Corral «taMf-rrjan, fare 10c.
2 furnace labotvrs at mine. $3 fare. $40 fd.
HAY AND HARVEST HANDS.
1"> hayn akors. harvest hand*, all over Cali-
fornia, gee us. $1 2.", $1 50 and $2 day and fd.
Shceitunicr $::w fd.
LOOK.
Machinirt. roller grinder, fireman, dredger,
do little blacksmitbinr. $40 fd.
LOOK.
Younp- man. ritv. office work, typewriter, $f>
we^»k: 4 waiters, country hotel. $.'?"> f d. ; 2
MURRAY & READY. 634 and «36 Clay st.
FOREMAN, understands dynamo, $10 found
Blacksmith, lumber co., $t5O found
2 carpenters. 50c fare, $3 50 day fd.
3 Ftickfr hands, $3 to ?4 day
6 t-at^h and di»or hands COe fare, $3 to $3 50
day. ,
LumLerman. fare 50c. $40 fd.
4 shet-pherders, * $30 found
."» laborers. H hours* work. 10c fare, ! t2 day
Man and wife, ranch Yolo County,/ $40 fil
LOOK!
3 drivers for city hacks, . $00
MURRAY &- READY. 634 and C30 Clay et.
RESTAURANT second cook. $SO; broiler. $1<3:
cook, small hotel, ?T10 and increase; man and
wife' for kitchen and dining-room work, $70;
2 waiters, lumber camp, $30 and found; res-
taurant waiters, dishwasher for mining
camp. $25 and found, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento St.
3 FARMERS and wives. $40, $47 5i>. $.*i5 and
found; man about place, $.:."> and found:
married miner and wife, board men, $100 and
found; 2 blacksmiths. $2 50 day and boarii
and $-3 day; 2 blacksmith helpers, $.50 and
board and ?2 50 day and board ; planing mill
men, $3 to S3 50 day; wood turner, $3 50
day; 10 farmers. *3O month and $1 25 to$l 50
day; choreman, $15 and found; old man to
care for r>lace. $5 and found, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., KiS Sacramento st.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
W THIRD ST. __ Telephone Main 0521.
Laborer*, $2, "8 hours, fare. 10c.
Laborers, north, $2 25; a year's work.
Laborers and teamsters. $2. free fare.
Laborers for quarry. $2. fare $1 «~">.
Laborers for pipe line, south, $2 25.
liiuvy washer, city, *2 50.
Ranch hands, north, $1 50 and found.
Cabinetmakers and bench hands, $3 50.
Sticker hand, ?1; steady job.
Men to cut 4-ft. Dine, $1 SO cord.
Woodchopperr, shingle bolts. $1 80 cord.
Teamsters and laborers, Nevada, 52 25, $2.
HORD & SMITH.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
€02 Clay st. Phone James 2476.
Carriage painter, country $3 .10 day
3 miners, gravel mine $2 50 day
Employment man for this office.
For the Sawmills North and East.
5 yardmen $1 50 day and found
C laborers, around mill $1 50 day found
20 section hands, logging road "....$2 day
20 boys or men. box factory $2 day
SUcker- tan-1" *4 day
trash and door man $3 tia.y
R<.-ad our bulletin board* 002 Clay *t.
A— CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT AGEN-
CY. 035 Washincton St.. phone Jame g :i301. —
Head lineman, lumber company, north, $100
niontii, cheap fare: a Scandinavian lumber
pilfrc. $2 to $2 50 day. cheap fare; laborers,
company's railroad, north, cheap fare. $40
and found: blacksmith helper, carriage work.
$25 and found; hay hands. $1 CO day and
found, cheap fare; teamsters and laborers,
north, railroad, J2, free fare; milkers, coun-
try, cheap fare. $30 and found; 10 laborers,
b hours, ?2 day. L. H. CUTTING & CO.
A MAN and wife for ranch, $C0. Apply to .
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
WANTED for D. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men, between ages of 21 and :J5;
cltize&s of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
road and write; English. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer, RIalto building.
'New Montgomery st., San Francisco, or 1020
Second et., Sacramento, Cal.
UNCLE SAM wants help: examinations for
custom-house, positions will be held In July;
apply for our free catalogue giving particu-
lars. Pacific Correspondence Institute, Grant
bldg.. corner Market and Seventh sts.
A — 3 CALKERS, 3 carpenters do son;e calk-
Ing, company work, good salary: Barney
O'Connor calker, please call at C42 Com-
mercial st :: 9toj 1 l_a ; _m : _to-day :
WANTED — Barkeeper for country hotel; age
25-35; must be sober and steady, know how-
to handle steam beer; wages $35. Call
WEIL BROS. & SONS. 13 Front st.
W r ANTED— First-class bartender: best refer-
ences required ; big wages. Palace of Art,
16 Post tt.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Western College of
' Barbers, C47 Commercial st.
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REIS3 BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
BARBER for Saturday. 505 Fourteenth St.,
Oakland.
WANTED— Flrst-clsss barber at 239 Califor-
nia rt. ~^>
' GOOD barber from Saturday noon to Sunday
noon; $5. 1646 Polk s^
GOOD barber Saturday and, Sunday. 218 Mont-
gomery ave.
WANTED— Six firrt-claiss trunkmakers; steady
work. Address Box 7D9. Call office.
BLACKSMITH'S helper on wagon work. 437
Francisco st. <
EXPERIFXCED traveler, drygoods specialties,
acq. with Cal. trade. 24 2d St.. 4th floor.
A BOY wanted In tea and crockery store. 218
Third tt. . j , ¦-.
BARBERS' 3-chair shop. $100; part cash; rent,
$7. 82 Hunt St.. off Third. ¦
BARBER ahop for sale; clears $25 a week;,
aldcnees cause of salo. 8147 Twenty-fourth e t.
HELP WASTED MALK Con tinned.
AT THE CAL. EMPTToENCTI — ~~~
14 Third st.. near Call bldg.; phono Bush 405.
THE BTATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP,FARE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
25 teamsters. $67 50 a month.
15 laborei-s, $UO a month.
10 drillers, rockmen, hammersmen, $75
10 tunnelmcn, $3 a day.
10 laborers; 8 hours; free far*.
Tunnel foreman,, R. R., south $100 a month
and found.
SAWMILL CREW.
C laborers, mill, -$35 to $40 and found.
Laborer. «^lty. $2 25 a day.
Screw turner. $55 and board.
Second trimmer. $40 and board.
Board puller. S45 and board.
5 section hands, .sawmill. $35 and found.
10 lumber pliers. $35 to $40 and found.
4 hay teamsters, $1 50 a day and board.
Cook, hotel, near city, $40 and found.
WOODS CREW.
2 barkers, $45 and board.
2 wheel teamsters. $65 a month. .
Edgerman. sawmill, east. $3 25 a day and
board.
6 woodchopperB. pine. 4 feet. $1 25 cord.
8 orchard and vineyard hands, Sonoma Coun-
ty, $26 and board.
3 sash and door makers, $2 to $3 day.
Sticker hand. $3 50 day.
5 millmen, $3 to $4 day.
C factory men, steady job $2 a day.
10 boiler-makers, $3 to $4. board and lodging;
steady Job guaranteed: free fare.
Coatmaker. piece work, city, $G to $8.
2 men to drive buggies, $2 25 day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st.
ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight wepks required; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer Hnd catalogue »nall«"d freo.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Three first-class carriage black-
smiths and throe first-class body makers:
gcod wages and steady employment to right
parties. Apply A. MEISTER & EONS CO..
Sacramento, Cal. £ .
SALESMEN wanted to s*ll nursery stock:
cash advanced weekly; write Immediately for
territory before It Is all assigned. CHICO
_NURRERY CO.. Chico. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to knoW
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, han
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Houce,
Third St.; 2.*x* rooms; 25c to 5Oc per night.
WANTED — Flrpt-class cabinet-makers and
bench hands; also first-class sticker hand.
Palo Alto Planing Mill, Palo Alto, Cat.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
BLACKSMITH'S helper wanted! horseshoeing
and repairing. Fourteenth ave. N st. south.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
phtps. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullis, r.40, Plielan bldg!
Past Com. G>o. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
BOY about 15 years old for dentist's office;
livins with parents. Box 966. Call.
(W>OP 2-ohair barber shop, SfiO; 1-3 cost; sick-
ness: busy street. 257 Third Ft.
BOY apprentice tn barber trade; paid while
learning. 440 Bay, bet. Mason and Taylor.
WANTED — First-class carrriage painter. 1110
Battery et.
SOLICITORS wanted. Apply 819 Market St..
room 29.
GOOD Rr-neral tnilor. 3310 Mission St.. N.
PERSICO.
WANTED — Erirk layers and terra cotta set-
ters. New Fairmont Hotel.
FINE 3-chair barber shop: doing good busi-
ness; centrally located. Box 933, Call office.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER* Hotels 44 ThlrtTst.. near* Mar"-
ket — 7fHf ' rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus nnd baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the »eception
of advertisements and subscription? has been
opened at i'^'i Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
fall branch off.ce.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mjsslon St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
OET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
tn 50c. 5R3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
1IOR.SES AND WAGONS.
LOOK out for the big auction sale of 1C5 head
of choice young horses and mares on Monday,
May 30, at 11 o'clock, at J. B. Horari'a sale-
yardr. corner Tenth and Bryant ats. S.
WATK1NS. Auctioneer.
SECOND-HAND landau and leather-top fam-
ily carriage, tandem cart, 4-seated skeleton
brakes phaeton Toomey bike cart and pneu-
matic-tire buggy. O'BRIEN & SONS, Polk
st. and Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale—Pacing mare, $175; 7 yearg old, very
fast; gentle in every respect; safe- for wo-
man to drive; will go double. For particu-
lar? address box 9C0. Call.
STYLISH family horse, harness and carriage
for sale; suitable for lady to drive; owner
leaving city. Address room 44, 230 Mont-
gomery Ft.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag"-
ons. surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom et.
TWO bay mares, S years old. weigh 2250 to
span; single or double; $125. Maud S Stable,
Pierce and Eddy Fts.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
rcund; near Black Diamond, Contra Coata
County. Nucleus Stables. l»0 Stevenson, S. F.
FINE-LOOKING buggy horse, about S years
old; good trotter. J. STRAI'B, C38 Market.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1613 Market Ft., opp. Franklin.
LIGHT surrey; good order; cheap. 2055 Sacra-
mento St.
TWO eecond-band platform spring wagons one
3-tor., one 4V6 ton. one truck. 223 Beal'e st.
HORSES of all grades bought, Fold and ex-
changed. H. ATKINSON. C5 Hermann nt.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
nejry. work nnd driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
a ¦ '¦ ' ' ' Tfg
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for clr.
cul.-r. O. H. I'MBSEW & CO., 20 Montgomery.
CAPP. 778 — Modern sunny house of 8 rooms
and basem<?rst; a large yard, lawn and Tow-
ers; must be seen to be appreciated.
•CAUgCHES TOB HIBE.
C. A. McNeTlL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel Bush 531.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co..Unlon-st. wharf; boat-
lr.s fc excursions. 5 Sieuart st. ; tel. John 2(iS<J.
LOST A.\D KOUXD. ~
LOST— Lady's small gold watch: Initials "M.
T. P." ; fob of silver coins. Finder please re
turn to Occidental Hotel office and receive
reward.
LOST— On 8 p. m. steamer Piedmont from S.
F.. handbag containing Geneva gold watch and
-other articles. Finder returning same to 1318
Market St., Oakland, will receive reward.
LOST— Here Saturday nighT.Tr ~SheU~Mound
Sunday, gold badge representing Lyra sur-
rounded by 2 flags and lettered S. S. S.
Liberal reward to finder at lti Fifth st.
LOST— Lady's gold watch. Junction of Grant
ave. and Market st., Wednesday afternoon
Reward by returning to 313 Gough st.
LOST— White greyhound; brindle head. Return
J. O'SHEA, 17th & Vermont; receive reward.
MATBI-aOHTAI..
i GENTLEMAN of means and good bURinem
temperate and refined, wishes to form the ac-
quaintance of young lady under 21 with
view to matrimony if suited; this ad Is from
a rtrlctly honorable young man and none but
respectable lady would interest writer; give
full particulars to first letter. Box 703, Call.
~ MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. \ CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years* experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE
702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WVETII, specialist for all femala
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 82U Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL. rellabTelipeclallst foTalffe"-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guarantee^. 1008% Market St.. opp. 5th.
Drs. Goodwin, 7fc} Turk. nr. Van Ness—Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours.* 10 to 5: 25 yrs. exper.
DRS. LAMB have moved from Murphy building
to the Muirhead building, 1584 Market St..
corner Larkln. ' V! y " 1
COLUHN5 WILL BRING MrOTQLD RETURNS. TRY ITTREBLE CliEF CLUB'S CONCERT.— The
Treble Clef Club gave a splendid concert last
night at Stelnway Hall before < a large and
representative audience. The singing, both
solo and chorus, won applause, each number
revealing proficiency and artistic tempera
ment. Robert Lloyd was the director. The
numbers on the programme included compo
sitions by Chadnick. Secchi. J. Hamilton
Howe, Salnt-Saens. Brahms and Damrosch.
Damrosch's •"Spanish Gypsy Girl." a chorus,
was one of the many numbers that caught the
fancy of the audience. .> .•*. ¦.. ¦,-••, .-*
Same owner with Martland Electric Com
pany (contractors), architects same — Electric
work for same on same; $2141.
Same owners with W. F. Wohlsteln (con
tractor), architects same — Painting and stain
ing for *anu» on same; $1870. , m
Albert Pike Memorial Temple AHociatton
(owners) with H. L. Petersen (contractor),
architect T. Paterson Ross— Grading, concrete
and excavation for a three-story brick building
on lot on S line of Geary street. 147:6 E of
Steiner. E 62:6 by S 137:6: $3060. '
j Same owners with II. H. Larsen & Brow.
(crrtractors). architect same — Brick work,
terra cotta. flue lining and imitation granite
steps for name on same; $15,600.
fame owner* with Ira W, Coburn (con-,
I tractor), architect same — Lumber, , carpenter,
j stair and mill work, flooring, picture molding,
rouRh hardware and removing; of debris for
same on same; $12,650. I
Same owners with W. S. Snook and Eon
(contractors), architect same — Gasflttlng,
, plumbing and sewering for same, on same;
1 $1220. ' .
'• Same owners with Forderer Cornice Works
I (contractors), architect Fame — Corrugated and
galvanized iron, wrought-lron brackets, ¦ tin
work and ventilators for'same, on same; $1647.
NSarne owners with Century Electric Corpora
ton (contractors), architect same — Electric
j wiring and telephones for same on same; $975.
I Same owners with Alexander Mennle (con
! tractor), architect same— Lathing 1 , plastering
¦ and staff work for same, on same; J207S. ¦ -
Same owner* with Otto Schrader (contractor),
architect name — Iron and steel work for same,
on Fame; $14S7. -
I Same owners with J«hn P. Fraser (con
| tractor), architect same — Painting and tinting
I for same, en same; $065.
¦work, plastering, carpenter and mill work,
roofing, sidewalk lights, stair work, hardware,
glazing, etc.. for a six-story and basement
brick building on N corner of Third and
Clemetlna streets, NW 80 by NE 105; $60,498.
Same owner with G. F. Bernard (contractor),
architects same — Plumbing, draining water sys
tem gas fitting, etc.. for name on same; |8699.
Same owner with John G. Sutton & Co. (con
tractors), architects same — Steam heating sys
tem for same on same; $2430.
CAltXt subscriber*, r-ostemplatin? °
change of residence during the summer
months can have their naper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify
ing- THE CAIiIi Business Office. This
caper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by » local
airent In all towns en the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS IjEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
TO DEDICATE NEW NATIONAL FLAG.—
A concert and ball will b«s given by the Aus
trian Carnlolan Benevolent Society of St.
Joseph on Sunday at San Francisco Turnvereln
Hall. 353 Turk street,, in honor of the dedi
cation of the society's new national flag. Miss
Mary Sterk will deliver an address as "god
mother of the flag."
There will a1«o be a meeting to-night, and to
morrow morning the party will be taken
around the city in a special electric car, and
following the afternoon session there will be a
banquet at the Palace Hotel.
The Technical Society of the Pacific Coast
.began its spring meeting last night in the
Academy of Sciences Hall, where were gath
ered many of the most representative men In
the engineering profsslon on the coast.
Although the evening was set apart primari
ly for the social meeting of members and
friends of the society, a paper on "The Laying
of the Pacific Commercial Cable," by Prank P.
Medina, was on the programme.
George W. Dlcicle. the president, delivered a
cordial welcome to the members, and the pro
gramme for the sessions was explained.
A trip will be made by members and their
wives this morning to the Union Iron Works,
and this afternoon the meeting will be called
to order at 2 o'clock at the Academy of Sci
ences.
Technical Society of the Pacific Coast
in City to Enjoy Rennion and
Exchange Ideas.
NOTED ENG INKERS MEET
AT SPRING CONFERENCE
Sail--'! May 26— Stmr Bremen, for Bremen;
Btmr La Savol- for Havre; stmr Kumldlan, for
Glasgow; stmr Bluecher. for Plymouth.
GLASGOW— Arrived May 2«— Stmr An
ohorla. from New' York; stmr Sardinian, from
Montreal.
LONDON— Arrived May 26— Stmr Colonlan,
.from New York.
Sailed May 26 — Stmr Evangellne, for Halifax.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 20— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool, for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 2ft— Stmr In
dramldo. from Portland. Or», for Hongkong.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived May 26— Stmr Car
pathla. from New Fork; Btmr Cedrie, from
New York; stmr Noordland, from Philadelphia.
NEW TORK, Arrived May 20— Stmr Phoeni
cia, from Antwerp.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. May 28.
Ptmr Ilwaco. Leflngell, 5 hours from Pigeon
Point.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
VTJSES BOTTLE AS WEAPON. — Joisph
FVtirlanl. proprietor of a fruit . star* at
Twenty-flm and Florida streets, wa* ar
rested yesterday afternoon and charged with
striking A. Recccmi. a neighbor, with a beer
bottle. The blow, which inflicted a deep fccalp
wound, was the result of a discussion between
the two men.
U.KA1. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TIILRSDAT. May 28.
TM»* Bier.enWd to Gustav Harshall lot on
W line of Larkin ftreet. 70 S of Sutter.S 50 by
W 75. quitclaim deed; $10.
Hannah B!ochman to tame same, quitclaim
deed: $10. . f
Gu«.tav and PsHle Harshahl to Edward P.
VVtiijjerWT. $lf).
Paola end Alarcaret de Vecchl to Olara I^iice
twite ofx<J. W.'». lot on FK corner of Lombard
»rd rranklln rtreets. E 27:0 by S W0; flO
W.lliani li UUllntham to Rose B. GHlinx-
Iron Molders' Union, No. 164, will
entertain its numerous friends at
Shell Mound Park on Sunday, June 1U.
The Journeymen Horseshoers' Union
announces a ball at Teutonia Hall on
June 4. . •. v
Stereotypers' and Eleetrotypers'
Union, No/ 19, will occupy El Campo
next Sunday for its annual plcrilc.
July 3 is the day set for the picnic
of the Express Drivers' Union at El
Campo. The following members were
appointed on- the committee of ar
rangements: J. Souther, Albert Lan
ncn, Frank Learman, I. Alexander and
A. Isaacs. ' .
The following labor unions have an
nounced their summer outings:
The Journeymen Plumbers, Gas and
Steam Fitters, local 442, will give their
twenty-third annual picnic at Shell
Mound Park Saturday, May 28. The dis
tribution of gate prizes will be held at
Elntracht Hall Saturday, June 4. The
following committee has charge of the
affair: H. Laries, chairman; J. O'Con
nor, Secretary; O. Aaron, treasurer; E.
C. Curtis, F. P. Walsh, R. Smith, J.
McFadden and G. Smith.
The members of the Butchers'
Union say all 'meat markets and pork
stores will be closed at noon Mon
day, Memorial day. Butchers' Union
No. 115 has appointed the following
members on the arrangement commit
tee for the picnic, which will be held
at Shell Mound Park. on Sunday, July
10: A. F. Breslin, George E. Golden,
Herman May, Joseph M. Lyons, Emil
Bihn, Al Friedman, Richard Mauerer,
Guido di Vechio, Stephen Hurley, H.
Cobbert, Chris Hill, Charles Westphal,
William McHugh, J. W. Cleary,
Charles Wenk, John Funk,' Al. Mc-
Donald, Gus Alden, George Bordenave,
Carl Mahler, William Wolf. E. J.
MontericHard, Herman Boege, Oscar
Hoberg and George Rudolph. The
committee will meet on Monday, May
30, at 8 o'clock p. m.
The nomination of officers of Butch
ers' Union No. 115 and all its branches
will take place at the regular meeting
in June and the election will take
place in July.
The Freight Handlers' Union will
make a demand on the general man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company
to-day or to-morrow " and present to
him the new schedule of wages and
hours recently adopted by the union.
This schedule calls for $2 50 a day for
nine hours' work and 35 cents an hour
for overtime, including Sundays and
holidays. The 1st of June is the time
fixed bv the union for the new rates to
go into effect. Over five hundred men
are represented by the union. The com
mittee on conference consists of:
Walter Hindle, J. Kentzel, John Jack
son, J. McTierney and N. Winskie.
UXIOX LABOR PICNICS.
Application will be made by the
Stable and Carriage Owners' Associa
tion this forenoon to the Police Com
missioners for license for forty men to
man the hacks that are lying In the
various stables. The association
claims it has all the men needed to
supply the demand and all that Is now
required is the license and badges per
mitting them to take' their places on the
drivers' seats. This action was de
cided on by the executive committee of
the association at a meeting held last
night. It is deemed expedient that, in
asmuch as the men were on hand ready
and willing to go to work, the car
riages should be placed on the streets.
At the urgent request of represen
tatives from the Stablemen's Union
and the Labor Council several con
ferences were held with the executive
committee of the Stable and Car
riage Owners' Association looking to
a compromise over the trouble exist
ing between the two bodies, but noth
ing came out of the conferences, as
the stablemen decided to stand firmly
against the open shop principle as
understood by themselves and the Clt-*
lzens' Alliance, which is pledged to
support the association.
Delegate May of the Butchers'
Union No. 115, who attended the fifth
bi-annual convention of the Amalga
mated Meat Cutters and Butcher
Workmen of North America at Cin
cinnati. Ohio, has returned. It was
resolved to send First International
Vice President C. E. Schmidt to the
Pacific Coast, with headquarters at
San Francisco. The international or
ganization is in a flourishing condi
tion. 29,000 new members having
been added to the roll since the con
vention held at East St. Louis, 111., in
August, 1902. Agreements have been
entered into with all the large pack
ers in this country.
Hacks will be running on the streets
by Tuesday night as they did prior to
the trouble with drivers. The hack
men met last night as representatives
of the union and decided to stand "pat"
on the issue Involved. The stable own
ers are taking the same position, and
as the latter organization is backed
by the Citizens' Alliance, the indica
tions are that there will be all kinds
of hacks with non-union drivers on
the street by Tuesday at midnighft .
When the Hackmens' Union met last
night the question was as to whether
the union should accept the" proposition
advanced by the owners or stand upon
the position that the union had been
locked out and that there was nothing
to consider tfeyond going back to work.
The fact was stated to the members
of the union that the owners intended
to put hacks on the streets on Tues
day, but that statement did not deter
the members of the union from voting
in favor of continuing the strife.
There is sympathy between I the
stablemen and the drivers of hacks
to the extent that each class considers
the other injured. That is demon
strated by the amount of mcrney which
is being- paid into the treasury every
week by the allied interests, but, as one
of the men remarked, the drain is get
ting very irksome. Even though the
union holds out. the hacks will be
running on Tuesday, for the owners
have announced their intention of
carrying that act Into effect.
WILL ASK FOR BADGES.
The Information was given out at
the local offices of the Southern Pa
cific yesterday that Charles W. Eber
lein, acting land agent of the company,
who relieved Jerome Madden some
months ago, will soon give up that po
sition and go to New York, where he
will be assigned to other duties by
President Harriman.
The news has caused considerable
speculation as to who will succeed
Eberlein. None of the local officials
of the Southern Pacific Company pre
tend to know who will be selected for
the position, although it Is generally
supposed that the man will be named
by President Harriman and may come
from the East. From time to time
rumors have been circulated to the
effect that the land office of the Cen
tral Pacific, of which W. H. Mill* la
the agent, and the Southern Pacific
were to be consolidated under the
management of Eberlein and that W.
H. Mills would be retired. A few
weeks ago. however, former General
Manager Kruttschnltt set at rest this
rumor by stating there was no inten
tion of retiring the land agent of the
Central Pacific land department.
' It has since developed that Eberlein
came to this coast with no intention
of remaining and simply assumed the
title/ of "acting" land agent in order
to properly administer the affairs of
the Southern Pacific land department.
He came here specially commissioned
by William D. Cornish, a director of
the Harriman lines, to straighten out
several entanglements existing In the
holdings of the Southern Pacific
Company and to secure a reckoning of
the affairs of the same department of
the Central Pacific Company, in so far
as they pertain to the grants and the
mortgages. This work has been about
completed. Several times lately Eber
lein has stated to his friends his de
termination not to remain here any
longer than he had to. It is no secret
among the railroad officials that his
association with many of them has not
been of 'the pleasant character he had
anticipated when he first came west
on his difficult mission. In the pur
suance of his work Eberlein has fre
quently encountered rebuffs and has
also had some rough experiences with
outsiders who have had dealings with
the Southern Pacific Company through
his office. Naturally he Is glad to re
linquish his duties here for others
which are said to await him In New
York. Following closely on the story
of Eberlein's purposed retirement
th%re has been circulated a rumor that
George H. Andrews, acting land agent
of the Southern Pacific Company in
Portland, has been slated for the posi
tion in the office here.
The board unanimously accepted the
report of the Finance Committee,
which will be sent to print this morn
ing and prepared for the consideration
of the Supervisors. One hundred
copies of the report will be printed
and distributed this evening, when the
taxpayers will have an opportunity to
express their opinion on the work of
the Finance Committee.
It was also resolved that the Au
ditor and Treasurer be t.irected to
keep intact the fund arising from the
payment of taxes protested and un
protested, levied for the construction
of a hospital and schools in the year
1902.
When the report had been read and
submitted by the committee Supervisor
Eoxton complimented Brandenstein on
the way his committee had met the
wants of all applicants, and stated that
the report was a remarkable one. Ho
hinted, however, his opinion that many
of the departments might have been
neglected.
Supervisor Lunstedt w£B the only
member of the board that found any
fault with the budget. But he made
a strong talk in favor of purchasing
loose leaf typewriters to be used In
the County Clerk's office, while the
Finance Committee held that the
"book" system was the better and
safer method of handling reports and
accounts. Lunstedt, however, was so
urgent in his demand that his style of
machine be adopted that it was neces
sary that the question be voted upon
by the board. The vote cast was 10
to 8 in favor of the book system.
Supervisor Braunhart offered a reso
lution that $3000 of the school funds
be segregated for use in maintaining
kindergartens in the school system.
His motion was seconded by Super
visor Alpers and adopted by the board.
WILL INSTRUCT TREASURER.
The sum of $S97,800 was allowed for
the improvements. Of this total $438,
900 will be used by the Board of Public
Works in the improvement of streets
and roads, in the construction of sew
ers and in repairing the water front.
Eighty-five thousand dollars will go to
repairing sewers, and $15,000 to repairs
at the City and County Hospital; $215,
000 is allowed for the cleaning and
sprinkling of streets, $10,000 for sanitary
improvement In Chinatown, $12,000 for
non-sectarian charitable Institutions
and $35,000 to be kept as an urgent
necessity fund. ¦ .
In Its report to the Supervisors the
committee recommends \hat the aux
iliary water system be installed to re
move the present danger of conflagra
tion. It was also recommended that
the moonlight arc light schedule be
abolished and an increase of $20,000 be
allowed for the Installation of gaa and
electric lights.
COMMITTEE IS COMPLIMENTED.
After having investigated the requi
sitions of the various offices and com
missions of the municipal government,
the Finance Committee met the Board
of Supervisors last night to report its
approved estimates.
Representatives of different Im
provement clubs throughout the city
gathered at the rear of the hall, eager
to hear the result of the committee's
deliberation and the action taken on
matters suggested at last Monday,
morning's public hearing.
Supervisor Brandenstein was elected
chairman in the absence of Mayor
Schmitz. The first business on
hand was the adoption of several reso
lutions of minor importance presented
by the Supervisors. The budget was
next presented for action before its
passage to print. Clerk Fay read the
budget.
The public Improvements recom
mended by the Finance Committee, in
cluding an auxiliary water supply to
be installed on Twin Peaks, for which
$150,000 has been appropriated, were
next read by the clerk.
WILL IMPROVE STREETS.
When Gunther was summoned before j
Judge Fritz to plead he declined to do
so on the ground that he was not rep
resented by counsel. He was given un
til Saturday to arrange for counsel and
to answer the charge. The time may
be extended beyond that date and pos
sibly fixed for June 1.
Gunther was visited yesterday by a/
number of his friends and the matter
of securing bail was talked over. At
4:30 o'clock George Hewlett, a friend,
brought $5000 in coin to the police sta
tion and deposited it for his release.
When Gunther was asked as to what
he intended to do he declined to make
any statement.
The District Attorney's office has all
the facts in the case so far gathered
by the police, and the general opinion
is that Kelly's charge against Gunther
will result in conviction. The formal
ground upon which Gunther is held is
that he violated section 92 of the Penal
Code by attempting to bribe a juror.
The Police Department is confident
that Kelly's story Is correct and that
Gunther received the money from
Wong Fong. ' Every effort has been
made to locate Wong Fong, but thus
far ,he has succeeded In dodging the
police. It is generally thought that he
is either being secreted in Chinatown
or that he has left the city, the latter
being the more common belief.
It is openly charged that the various
tongs that wished to see Nguen Lun go
free raised considerable money for his
defense, and even went so far as to
give "Wong fong $1500 with which to
secure a veraict in favor of the defend
ant. It is also claimed in Chinatown
that Wong Fong gave Gunther $800 to
fix the jury in the case and pocketed
the balance. If that story proves true—
and the police believe It will— it will ex
plain where the money came from
which Kelly says Gunther slipped in
his pocket.
Wong Fong may be in Portland. As
soon as the money was given Gunther,
according to one of the members of the
See Yup society, Wong Fong took the
train for the north in order. to be out
of the Jurisdiction of the court in the
event of any exposure following the at
tempted bribing of the Nguen Lun jury.
FRIENDS VISIT GUXTHEH.
That there might be no question as
to holding the accused to the higher
-court the hearing was had before
Judge Fritz. The same facts which
were presented to Judge Lawlor were
submitted to Judge Fritz and the re-
FUlt was that Gunther was held to the
Grand Jury under 510,000 bond or
$5000 cash bail.
BELIEVE KELLY'S STORY.
David J. Kelly swore out a warrant
yesterday for the arrest of E. W. Gun
ther on the charge of attempted brib
ery, and Gunther occupied a cell in the
City Prison until he was able to fur
nish the $10,000 bond or $5000 cash ball
which Judge Fritz required before the
accused could be released. The coin
was put up at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon by George Hewlett of 1216
Masonic avenue.
Kelly, the juror in the Nguen L.un
murder trial, who accused Gunther of.
trying to bribe him, swore to a for
mal complaint yesterday morning, and
in order that proper service might be
made on the accused, Detective Ryan
took Gunther into the hallway and read
the document to him and at once
placed him under arrest. Gunther had
been held on an order of the court.
Judge Lawlor presiding, but in order to
get the matter of record and within the
jurisdiction of the District Attorney's
office it was necessary to have the
warrant served in the regular way.
Kelly's affidavit sets forth the fact
that Gunther endeavored, by money,
to influence his opinion in the render-
Ing of a verdict in the trial of Nguen
Lun, who is charged with murder. The
circumstances surrounding the offering
of the money and the final placing of
the same in the affiant's pocket are all
recited in the affidavit.
Local Railroad Officials Are
Speculating as to Who Is
to Be Made His Successor
Brandenstein and His Col
leagues Heartily Compli
mented on Their Work
Police Arc Afte/ Chinaman
Who Is Said to Have Fur
nished Money in the Case
If No Compromise Is Reached
Noii-Union Men Will Be
Placed on All Carriages
IS READILY ACCEPTED
GOLD COIN DEPOSITED
SEEKS PEACEFUL PLACE
TUESDAY IS LAST DAY
Union Takes Up Question of
Trouble With Stable Own
ers but | Declines Offer
Formal Arrest Is Made of
Man Accused of Trying to
Bribe Juror David Kelly
Acting Land Agent of the
Southern Pacific Company
Tiring of His Work Here
Finance Committee Submits
Report of the Investiga
tions in the Departments
ACCEPT BAIL
FOR GUNTHER
BOARD LEARNS
CITY'S BUDGET
EBERLEIN WILL
GO EAST SOON
Same owner, with II. Williamson Company
i contractors), architects name — Plumbing gas
fitting. Including gas and water ¦ service for
same on pamr; $1029.
Towle Estate Company (owners) with Fred
P. Fischfr (contractors), architects O'Brien &
Werner — Grading, concrete, brick. Iron and
steel work, metal tin work, marble and mosaic
David Stansr (owner) with <;ox Bros, (con
trsctoifi, architect . All work for a three
story and 'basement frame building on lot on
FW corner of Central avenue and Page street
2.% by U3:0 on Page; $11,250.
Mrs. Fannie E. Tiernan (owner) with James
P. Burke (contractor), architects £alfield &
K&hiberg— All work for a two-story frame
residence on lot on.NE corner of Hugo street
an<1 Fifth avenue. K 85 by N 40; $5245.
Mrs. LoulFa C. Chevassus (owner) with
George Healing (contractor), architect Meyer
*: O'Brien — All vrok except plumbing and gas
fitting fcr a two. story frame building (2 flats)
on F line of Ja-ckson street. 110:2 W of Cherry
w ::2:6. SW 12S:11^. E 32:9. NE 128:11U;
$7478. " ••
Mrs. Marsaret Nolan (owner) with W. Els»
ler (contractor), architects Kou«seau & Son
All work for alteration* and addition* to a
two-ftory frame building to make a three
sti>ry frame building (flats) on lot on S line
of Bush street. 110 E of Gough, E 26 by S
liU Western Addition 128; *7000.
Same owner with H. Williamson Company
{contractors), architect game — Plumbing a-nd
gas fittinz for same on same; $1070.
Fanr.ie Muraskl (owner) with McCready
Bros. «: Morch (contractors), architect .
Concrete work, excavating and removal of dirt
fo>- alterations and additions to a frame build
in* on lot on — line of Twentieth street 25
E of Hartford and 98 northerly, 4134 Twen
tieth; *554.
Genevleve Savory (owner) with Henry H.
Easter (contractor), architect W. G. Hind
All work for a three-story frame building on
N line of Jackson street. 137:0 E of Larkln
E 27:6 by N 137:6; $6«no. '
Mary A. Rourke fowner) with George Heal
ing (rontmctor), architects Meyer & O'Brien
All work except plumbing and gas fitting for a
two-story frame building (flats) en S line of
Jackson street. 14:8 W of Cherry. W 32*:6 by S
I28:u>i: $7705.
Csptaln John Leale (owner) with Eureka
Bulldlns Company <eontraetor«). architect \* ,1-
Ilam «.nirlett — All alterations and additions to
a frame bulldlnsr on X line of Pacific avenue,
<*:!» K of Steiner street. 2425 Pacific avenue;
91940.
Harvey H. Dana (owner) with A. H. Wil
h»lm uontrartor». architects Cunningham &.
Pollteo— Carpenter work, roofing, glass glaz
ing, mill work, etairs. tinning, galvanized iron
work and hardware for an eight-story and
ba*eme:-.t brlrk »>uilding on SE corner of Union
Square avenue and Stockton street 8 44 by E
70: $14,600.
Sam" owner with Ickelheimer Bros, (contract
ors), architect* same — Plumbing, gas fitting,
auxiliary healer, and sewering for came on
same; f.iStO.
Builders' Contract'?.
ham. lot on N line of Pine street. 66 E of Oc
tavis. E 28 by N 137:6; $10.
Henry or Harry Shuman to Bruno Roman,
lot on K line of Sutter street, 137:6 E of Buch
anan, E 68:9 by N 137:6. and all interest in
estate of Sarah Rhuman; $2000.
Caslrnir Bielawskl to William Wolf, lot on
NW corner of California and Webster streets,
W r»2::{ by N 82:7 J ,4; S10.
Atsocfated Investors' Company to May B.
Anjrux. lot on X line of Post street. 106:3 E of
Broderick. K JftO N 137 :C. W 206:3. S 27 ;6, E
if*:::, s no; $io. ;,'.
Hrnry and Kannle S. Lyons and Ida L. and
William S. Hnchstadter to Olive S. Balcom
(wile of W. E.). lot on NW corner of Jackson
and Baker streets W 40 by N 12S:0»i; $10.
Olive H. and V.\" E. Balcom to Emma R. But
ton, lot on XW comer of Jacison and Baker
street s-W 40 by X 57; $10.
Joseph and Eugenie Wurdach to J. G. Tay
lor lot on S line of McAllister street, 73 E of
Lyon. K 2.". by S 100; J10.
Frank I. IJarrett to John O'Neill, lot on N
lino vl Pine street 125 E of Central avenue,
E 23 bv N HX»; ?10.
Edward or Edward J. Loughery or LouRhry
to Frank A. Lawler. lot en N line of l*lne
street. 125 E of Central avenue, 13 25 by N
100.; flO. '
City and County of Ran Francisco to A; E.
Buckingham, lot on N line of Clay street. 13. :C
W of Lyon, W 25 by N 100; $ .
Edwin P Hulme to Julia F. Hulme, lot en
NE corner of Frederick and Belvedere streets, ;
E 25 by N J1Q; $10.
Pacific Improvement Company (a corporation)
to Mrs. Hnme V. Davis (wife of J. A.), lot on S
line of Carl street, 160 W of Clayton. W 25 by
S 137:6; $10.
Joreph A. Davis to same, same: gift.
Albert F. and Rn*e Dore to John O'Keeffe, ;
lot on N line of Eighteenth street. 127:6 Wi
of Church street. W 27:6, N 128 :*U. SE 28:9«4. :
E ll»:9»i; |10.
Augustus J. Kank*n to Mary Carter, lot on
W line of Sanchez street li N of Fourteenth
street N 27 by W 100: $10.
Karl and Sophie Hinderer to Martin and
Hannah H. Connolly, lot on N line of Thlr- I
tieth street. 205 W of Church, W 25 by N
114; 910.
George T. and F.stelle Krcx to W. J. Altcli
l*on. lot on W line of Sanchez street, 70 o
of Army S 23 by W 80; $10.
August W. ct Auguste W. Ahlborn to Henry
Ahlborn, lot on X line of Eighteenth street,
25:10 W of Eureka. W 25:10 by N 76: $10.
William H. nnd E. F. Murphy to Mary Gos
larid. lot on W line of Pre»cott street, 67 ;6 S
of Vallejo, 6 20 by W 57:6: $5(X>.
Andrew M. and Georgie M. Davis to B. M.
Gui;n lot on NE corner of Bush and Belden
•treet's. E 57:<! by X 77:6: $10.
Michele and Kllumena Nave to Glavannl
Pajranlno, lot on SE corner of Stocktcn and
Greenwich streets. K 68 by S 29; $10.
Herman and Hannah B. Cohn to Norton
Land Co.. lot on SW corner Poet and Hyde
street «. W 20 by S .'£; $10.
Metropolitan Improvement Co. to D.ouglas S.
Watson, lot on NE corner Third street. :>0 S«E
of Minna. PE 25 XE 77:6. SE 25. XE 0l>,
XW 80. SW CO. PE 30. SW 77 :C; $101,000.
Douglas S. and Major M. Watson to Penin
sula fcecurltles Co., came; $10.
KMate Carolin Carter (minor), by guardian,
to Joseph Wriirht lot on XW corner Clementina
street. 150 XE o'f Fourth, XE 25 by NW SO;
?41ti.
T. J. Cleary to James McXab, lot on S comer
He vent h and Townsend streets, SE 275 by SW
276. quitclaim deed; $10.
Margaret Lynch et al. to same, same; $10.
State of California, by E. J. Smith. Tax Col.
lector (property assessed to William Glselman.
trustee, to W. B. Waldron. lot on XE line of
Eixth street, 1110 SE of Channel. SE 128:9 by ,
NE SO- $252.
W. B. Waldron to Samuel Davis and George
E. Bates, same; ?252.
Georgiana Stoney snd wife Gaillard to Pa
lomares Land Co.. block bounded X by Point
Lobos avenue, E by Thirty-ninth avenue. S by
A street. W by Fortieth avenue, quitclaim
deed; flO.
Harriet P. CrUty to Crawford Douglas, lot
on K line of Twentv-flfth avenue, 115:4 X of
B Ftreet. X l<vt by E 120; also lot on X line of
B Etrert. .T2:6 w"of Twenty-fourth avenue, W
50 by N 115:4; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to A. E. ;
Buckingham. Iot on W line of Twenty-fifth
«v»nu». 125 X of B "treet X 35 by W 120: .
Same to same, lot on SW corner of Eleventh
avenue and H s:r*et. W ::0 by S 1(*>; also lot
on S 'Ine of H street. 32:6 W of Te^ith ave
nu». W 5O by S 100; also lot on 9 line of H
street. S2:fi E of Eleventh avenue, E 50 by S
100; also lot on W line of Tenth avenue. 2<>0 ,
S of H street. S 50 by W 120; also lot on W
lln«* of Tenth avenue. 350 S of II street, S 25
by W 120; :.
Sam«. to ?ame, lot on E line of Eighth ave
nue. 100 X of J street. X 25 by E 120; .
Seme to same, Iot on E line of Fourteenth
avenue. 275 N of J street. X 50 by 120; .
Bolomcn and I>ora Getz to George E. Kroetz,
lot en S line of J street. 57:6 E of Tenth ave
nue. E 25 by R 100; $10.
Martha V. Woodward to Mary P. MacCrel
lish. lot on W line 4t Mission Ktroet. 294:9?»
X of Thirtieth. X 0:0% by W 100: $10.
Henry H. and Kate Xorris to John M. Curtis
lot on X line of Twenty-third atre^t. 100 W of
Falcon, W 25. X r.'3:10»i. SE 25:4«4, S 110:2.
lot 230. Herman Tract; $10.
Mary P. MacCrellish to Stephen Marian!, lot
on W lino of Mission street, 263:0% S of
Twenty.nlath, B 52. W 100. S 69, SW 60:2.
X 130. E 160. Pr^clta Vajley. 407 and 410; $10.
' Harriet P. Cristy to Crawford Douglass, lot
on SE line of Vienna street. 150 SW of Japan.
SW 150, SE 100, lot 2.* block CO, Excelsior
Homestead; aJso lot on SE line of Edinburgh
strett. 100 NE of Russia. XE 200 by SE lot),
lots 3 and 4, block 45, Excelsior Homestead;
$1<>.
Crawford Douglass to S. Ducas Company,
same: $10.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to Jcsephln*
Held. lot on S line of Bessie street, 275 W of
Folscm. W 25 by S 75. lo» 35, Ducas Tract,
and rljht of way over Bessie avenue, com
mencing on W line of Kol*om street. 93 S of
Pr'cita avenue. W lid. SW 41. E .'574: $10,
Frank H. Denman to Margaret E. Overton.
lot on SW illne of St. Marys street. 31 XW of
Marsllly. NW 50 by SW 05, lots 2 and 3, block
2. De Boom Tract; $10.
William Danz to John W. Danz. Iot on XE
line of Fourteenth avenue, 250 XW of L street,
XW M) by XE 100, block 267. South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association; $10.
Harris Rosenblum to Gabriel Abraham, lot
on X line of Henry street, 30 W of University,
W 30 by X 100: $10.
G. B. and P Carrie Gillman to John J
Quirk. lot 16, block F. French and Gillman
Tract; $10.
Emily F. Pcpe to City and County of San
Francisco, lot on SW corner of Cole and Par
nassus street*. S 245 by E 6S:9; also lot on XW
corner of <"ole and Grattan streets. S 60 by
E C8:9; also lot on XW corner of Cole and
Urattan Mr»et*. W S57:3'i by S 60, to be used
as public street; $ .
Same and Emfl II. Lange to Fame, lot on N
line of Grattan street 417:3>4 W of Cole, W
1C0 by S 60. to be used as public street: $ .
Sinir to same, lot on SW corner of Cole and
Parnassus frtrpet*. W 357:3Vi by X 68:9; also
lot on X lin*> of Gratfan street. 357 :3H W of
r-oK N 245 by W 80; al«j lot on X line of
Grattan Ftre«l. .~.57:::4 W of Cole. W 60 by S
CO. to be u*ed as public street; $ .
Sam* to fame. !ot on SE corner of Cole and
Parnassus street*. W 08 :i). X 68:9. E 3 1:4 Vs.
S to San Miguel road. XE to Cole «treet, S
6S:»: $ .
Emll H. lienge to same, lot on X line of Par
naesu* street. 357:3'$ W of Cole, N 275 by W
fiO: also lot on N line of Parnassus atreet,
357 :3U W of Cole. W CO by S C8:9; nlso lpt on
X line of Parnassus street, 417i3'j W of*Cole
W lfiO by S C8:»; $ .
Ram** to Fame, lot on XW corner of Colo and
Parnassus Ftrerts. /C 275 by E .T4:4 I j: $ .
William n. Mey*r to i=anie, lot on SE corner
•if Cole and Carl streets, S 113:5 by W 34:44;
HACKMEN WILL
STAND FIRM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1904.
Will Sail for the Aleutian Islands.
HONOLULU, May 2«.— Admiral Glass , and
fleet will probably tall for the Aleutian Islands
on June 4. - <
SAN JOSE, May 26.— John Creagh,
an insurance 'man, has "been found
guilty of misdemeanor embezzlement.
He was formerly the district' manager
of, the Mutual Life of New York.
Creagh will appeal, the case:-.,.
Found Guilty of - Kmbczzlement.
14
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Globe and Rutgers Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW TORK. IN THfi STATE OF
New Tork, on the Slst day of December.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politicat
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by. the
Commissioner :
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash ...-. $400,000 00
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company... $73,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 54,300 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 1,295.542 00
Cash in Company's Offlce 3.674 70
Cash in Banks 56.573 5S
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7.29S 66
Interest due and accrued on
Bonds and Mortgages 1.059 97
Premiums In due Course of Cot-
lection 468,550 53
Total assets $1.96O,S31 45
LIABILITIES. "~~ ™
Losses adjusted and unpaid 33.3415O
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 84,287 13
Losses resisted, including expenses 7,81« 23
Oross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $1,837,-
972 44: reinsurance 50 per cent.. 918.936 22
Gross premiums on Fire Risks .
running more than one year. $92.-
527 51; reinsurance pro rata.... 6S.324 81
Due and to become due for bor-
rowed money 5O.00O 00
Due and to become due for com-
missions and brokerage 70,282 57
All other Liabilities 200 00
. Tt>tal liabilities ...$T22^Tgo
INCOME. , — —
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $1,502 2S4 S3
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 2.713 00
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources... v . 40,0ol 07
Received for Rents.... 5,200 50
Received from all other sources.. 187 Oo
Total Income $1.550,477 W
EXPENDITURES. J
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $96,723 91. losses of
previous years ;••;•• 1683.028 62
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses (Including $ . losses of
previous years) 11 W
Dividends to Stockholders 44.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission ¦ j
or Brokerage 244.823 84
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other '
charges for officers, clerks. <-tc. 34.2»i> 12
All other payments and expendi-
tures 62.666 01
Total expenditures $1,063,300 33
Losses Incurred during the year $725.275 71
Kli>k^ and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written durinc the
year '.'..$131,218,357 J2.015.728 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year -• 92.381.945 1.240.98« 23
Net amount In force
December 31. 1^03. 115.000.1S6 1.930.409 05
" ~~~ E. C. JAMESON. President.
LTMAN CANDEE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 9th
day of February, 19C4.
WM. L. LINDSAT. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS
411 and 4!3 California St
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decemb**.
A. I>. 1903, and for the year ending on th»t
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and fill of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner :
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $.100,000 0r>
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company jr.n.S.OSf» 21
Ix>ans on Bonds and Mortgages 761.212 40
Cash Market Value of ail Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 1,.j7.67» M
Amount cf Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable tecur'tiea as collateral.. 15O.2I0 0O
Cash in Company's Offlce R.217 21
Cash in Banks »7.22o 0O
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ll.SOC oX
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 223. J^t* 5»;
Rents due and accrued 2. 15.T2J*
Interest and rents due 2.0SI 21
Ground rents 19.000 0>
Total Asset* $2.SC3.3Ol U
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $52,203 22
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense frs.l"* 1»1
Lcsses resisted. Including expenses. 16.2S3 33
Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run-
ning one year or less, $1,174,-
C03 90; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 3S7.0O1 95
Grcas premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,156. -
6S6 36; reinsurance pro rata 654.072 09
Amounts reclaimable by the In-
sured on perpetual flre insurance
policies 571.053 03
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 32.6R4 <>fl
Total Liabilities $2.011. 47^ 63
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,677,298 91
Received for Interest en Bonds and
Mortgages 3S.S11 24
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources. .¦ M.2.V9 .V,
Received for rents 9.9«X> »?
Profit on sale of Ledger Assets 9.136 7 •
IncQire from all other sources - ."r..; T5
Total Income $1,791.960 07
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $144,3S2 82. losses of
previous years) $779.112 27
Dividends to St xrkholders 30.000 00
Paid or allo-wed for Commission or
Brokerage 373.084 9t
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 127,778 33
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 40.1381*
All other, payments and expendi-
tures 92.430 88
f Total Expenditures $1,442.593 11
~~ FlrV
LOSSES Incurred during the yaar. ..$777,283 34
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
; Net amount of Risks'
written during the
year $130,803^85 $2,035,459 49
< Net amount of Rlsksi I
expired during the !
year 14Z213.304! 1.878.571 30
Net amount in force ;
December 31, 1903.. 187,556.2591 2.330.630 28
THOMAS H. MONTGOMERY. President. "
JOHN H. PACKARD Jr.. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 29tfc
day of January 1904.
JOHN STOCKBURGER. Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS
411 and 413 California St
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
C. A. HENRY'S, CO, CITY A6ENTS
215 SAN SOME ST.. S. F.. CAL.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AGRICULTURAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE Ctf
New Tork, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commission*;-
of the State of California, pursuant to th» pro-
visions of sections tflO and 611 of the Political
Cocit. condensed as per blank: furnished by th?
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in ca.-h -_$50O.00O0rt
ASSETS. " ~
R*al Estate own'd by Company... $rMW.27.1 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 573.USS 7i
Cash Market Valu* of all Stocks
and Bonds cwned by Company... 941.514 75
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 44.1.211 <U
Cash In Company's Offlce 5.931 39
Caffh in Banks 133.33S 3*
Interest d<ie and accrued on alt
Stocks and Lo*ns 17.600 57
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 12.265 57
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection -"4.00SS9
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 1.^10 29
Total Assets ._$2. 6T.ft. ,V>5 21
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2fi.963 39
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 6».5H JiV
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 13.632 DO
Gross premiums on Fir* Risk* run-
ning one year or less. $913,625 00:
reinsurance 50 p«r cent 456.812 SO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning mere than one year. $1,613.-
£C9 00: reinsurance pro rata S4O.52O WI
Commission and Brokerage due and
¦ to become due. «. 30.799 •:*
AH other Liabilities « 6.383 32
Total Liabilities .JfI.136.03S GJ
INCOME.
Vet caih actually received for Fire
rr-mlunis $1,210,543 4*
Reo-eived fcr interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 29.830 17
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from alt other sources «8.23l (>•
Received fcr Rents 4.312 41
Total income 13
EXPENDITURES. *
Net amoiint paid for Fir* Losses
(Including $08,711 40. losses of
previous years) $372.03.1 97
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 0<)
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 264.047 «7
Tald for Salaries. Feet, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 86.733 83
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 49. 100 OS
All other payments and expendi-
tures 03.051 S3
Total Expenditures $1,113.133 10
*~~~ FlrST—^
Losses Incurred during the year... $581,209 CO
Risks and Premiums.! Tin Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
•written during the
year <J1C2.83a.700 $1.78*. M*
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 155.164.700 1.G97.31 1
Net amount in force
December 31. 190.1... I 251.372.200 2.527. M
A. H. BAWTER. President.
XV. H. STEVENS. Secretary-
Subscrtbt-d and sworn to before m«. this 21»t
day of January. 1AO4.
L.- B. COOKE. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
EDWARD BROWN & SOMS
GENERAL AC3NTS
411 and 413 California St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
6E0. A. MUBDOCK & SON, CITY A6NTS
410 CALIFORNIA ST.. S. F» CJ^
•I DIVIPEXI) XOTlCKm.
and Suburban Home Bulld-
6o5rty7 tlh floor. Mutual Saving Bank
I i'<: I* 70S Market st.. opposite Third—
¦ UNO.*? Sfvdend has teen declared at the
llllilifclll
AW. &Sl^Sll5oK,CgAM.i««««t«y/
« - - —
MAltKIAGE LICENSES.
Tl.e follows ir-arTilgT license, were ls«ue(J j
bkSci Gr^tl^r-cfty. 2«l Emma B. Fol-
* "o^V^eara. SU Ml Polk .treetj and An-
and
AU-T1 O. D. 34 122.S Dolores,
"^e^ i^ehr^VaAd Edyth A. J.
" F?a^-^- o"r" 31. 115 Erie .treet. and Mary
.^S^inl^M^Eden. a*d £
h3£Z£F5£& Em-
S%I£?C*£'£?%3S Washington street, and
N^:;^:T-I^^^^-V^er.tree,
'gtr-'-t. .nd <-«il.»rlw I'oran. IS. a" J^l_
Tro-MEIAGES-DEM
f; Lt r ther o> th«- publication offices and be
fr<»e <'f chares. __^^ j
~BOK.V
BniVK-lll Oakland. C*U May 21. 1304. to
HFNHY-In Berkeley. Cal.. May _. 1SK*. to
the *ife of Ira M. Henry, a daughter.
KRt-RGF.H-In this city. Msy 2T.. 1KM. to the
wife of MlUard H. Kiwrer. a son.
McGORVIX-In this city. May 20. 1904. to the
. wife of Kurene McGcr\in. a son.
BTALET-ln tW« -i'J. M» »¦ ™<>4. to thj
nife ft H'nri- W. Staley. twine—a son and
a daughter.
"married.
GRI \ EU- BLHNKTT-In this city. May 25.
1J>O4, by the Rev. Dr. E Xelander. pastor of
the First English Lutheran rhuroh, Hev.
• •scar Herb*rt Graver of Oakland and
Jennie Pike Burnett of this city.
ROME- SMITH- -In El Tafo. T<>x., May 21.
I?*i4 t,x the K«>v. Henry W. Moore. Norman
Rome at <..<;we-:,.. N. Y.. and Kthel Isabel
Smith M y»" Kr.tn.-i>'-".
viud. \
f'U^qu'i. Ix'">nie Msnr, Lucinda B. i
Oeutllger. Kniill* Miley. Jame« J.
< ¦urnmtMEs. Catherine o'Callaghan. Daniel
Hat.h. f^rhla A. O'Dnnneil. Kdward
J.->hn!son N!<-hol« B- RonnlcUon. Thomas
L-fm Frank H. Thomas, Charlotte
Luna,'Antonio Welch, Agnes R.
BOCSQCET—In this city. May 26. 1904.
Leonie BouMuet. a native of France, aged
vears 6 months and 2 days.
(CT'Xotice of funeral hereafter.
CBEUTZIGEB—In tfci* city. May 24. l»04,
. Fniilie belove.j wife of the late Hugo Cr*-ut-
rtger, and mother of Mathilda, Julie, Louis,
MimiK Annie. Herniine. Huco, Albert.
Charlie eni Bertha Creutilger. a native of
Berlin. Ot-nriany. aeed 74 years.
C7"Fr;ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral to-day
' «T"'id«y) May 27. at 10 o'clock, from the
. parlora of Theodcr Dlerks. 057 Mission
iKreet, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
.'Odd Feliows' Cemetery.
Cr'MMIXGS—1" Santa Rosa, May 26. l»04.
< atlierine Cummlngs, beloved wife of the late
Michael humming?, and loving mother of
Thomas J.. Mar} A.. M. E.. W. J. and the
iat*- E. J. Cummins*, a native of County
Mayo. Ireland. «ce.d Ct yeare.
CTFriends ar.d acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday. |
May y>. at 9:30 o'clock, from her late reai-
df-nce. 'them-e to St. Kose'e Church, where
a hijh requiem mass will be celebrated for
'the repoe- of her soul at 10 o'clock. Inter.
merit Calvary Ormetery Panta Rcsa.
HATCH — In S*n Mateo. May 25. l»04, Sophia, i
. .£>.. Hatch, beloved and only daughter of |
' '"¦haiief J. and Carrie Hatch, a native of San j
Ms'e*-.. as»<1 !j years and 10 days. ;
. C7"Fritn(Js and acquaintances are respect- j
fuliv inv:te0 to at;cnd the funeral Fiidav, !
May 27. at o'clock, from residence. Inter- j
•mem at s?t. John's Cemetery, San Mateo. ]
JitHNSOX-- In this city. May 24, 1904.
Nicholas U.. beloved husband cf Georgia j
.'Johnson, a. native of f-t. Andrews X. B.. |
.aeed 62 veart. A member of Grand Prater- j
rilty L*nit»<l M'VJTns. and a member of |
leftune L-vlge No. 221, I. O. O. F., of
•turtka. CXew Brunswick and Masaachu-
*ertt». papers p'eas* copy.)
C^Fnend? and acquaintances are respect-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. May 27. at 1 o'clock, at the mortu-
ary cher^l cf <h«« Golden Gate Undertaking
• om:iartj. 2475 Mlsrion street, near Twenty-
first. lutern.ent Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LOFTIS--In this city. May 'jr., 1{K>4, Frank
it. I dearly L>e!f.»\ed husband of Earah E.
1 4.oH)F. nn<l fatb'-r of Florence, Frank, Wll-
.ifam and Alii« ly,fti«, a native of I'hlla-
.rtrlptiia. Pa. *gtd «>0 yeara 6 months and
lft da>*.
U1'XA--In the city and County Hospital. May
. 25.'J5«f»4. Antor.io Luna, a native of Mexico, I
Rk"1 &0 >eart. ;
MANN -In this city. May 25. 19f>4. Lucinda
' U. Mann, aged 73 years.
C^TFur.erai and interment private. Omit
flowera.
WILHT-In thin city. May 2*5. WH. at his
TMideace, 11 Juniper street, off Fo!»om, b«>-
iveer. T*n;h an«l Eleventh. Jatnes J., dearly
beioied husband cf Annie 1^. Miley f and
brother of .^r.nle and Maggie Milry, a native
«-f San Franctaco.
' OCA1J-AGHAX—In Fretno. May 25. 1304.
Tiar.iel d'Callaerhan. beloved brother of
TttnoQtJ and James O'Caliaghan. a native of
MilNti. RiK-k C.hapel, County Cork. Ireland,
aged 2t< year?.
C7KottOi cf funeral hereafter. Remains
*t the parlor* of J. C <»'Ocnnor & Co., 707
Mihition street, between Third and Fourth.
Ol*iNNKM>-!n this city. May 25. 1904,
i;jvei-d Icriatttif. l»<loved son of Mary and
the late John F. o'I'cnneil, and brother of
"May, Frank and Raymond O'Dnnnell. and
*rarnj»on of John Uo!an, a natlv* of 6an
, i'rsnciscc. aeni 3 :ears 9 months and 20
tia-.f. I
CT"TT.<« funeral will take place this day
• ! r riria\ i. at lo o'clock, from the parents'
!rti<l«ice. f:i Ivy avenue. Interment private,
Ufly Cress Cemetery.
R«.iN"ALT.>SON—In Oakland. May 2C. l»04. at
Uit Slvty-firtt wtr»»-i. Thomas Stoble, beloved
riTisband of Mary Argo Ronaldson, and father
of :.;.-.• »a--:. Anna Argo, William, and James
Arxa. & r-atlve of Kinross. Scotland, aged
4X- rears f> rn<-.nth< an! 15 days. A member
of t.'ian MacDcriald No. 72.
THOMAP-In thin city. May 2<S, 19et, Char- I
ictt» Mundy. lx>luvtd aaughter of Benjamin
F. and O.arlof.e Thomas, jiged 9 months and '¦
r, Uaj«.
KTXCU- In thi* city. May 2C. IJKM Agnes I
,11.. dearly bclo>eci dp.ushter r>r John and I
,1u!;a Welcli, jrid lo\ ing «i«=t»r of Mary. Wll-
ttam, Charier and Elmer Wdcb, a native of
Pen Francisco. a*'d IS vears 1 month and
2'i dayfc. •-¦_,¦..;
FUNERAL MUSIC «VOCAL»
fingers tupplled lor tuneral sprv-lces. Either
»clo. duet or male quartet furnished at «hort
noUce. Had much experience. Address Ui-
r££- E^t M ;o7» AWEt:XCE- 6<1 'twt-
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
, (Kucc«;g»ftrs to Fisnnapan «• Gallagher
DAXIKL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FCXKRAL DIRICCTORS AXD EMBALMERS
20 Fifth «t.. opposite I.lneoln School
Telephone South SO.
UNITBD UNDERTAKER^
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple
NOW at SCO MISSION. Tel. South 'l67
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st!
Finest Kquipm*-nts at Moderate rateg.
ADVEBTISEMENTa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WANT ADS.
Gifts given to-day for Sunday
The SUNDAY CALIj has over
85,000 circulation, principally
in the homes; a QUANTITY
and QUALITY that ASSURES
ACTUAL RESULTS.
Like Our Circulation. These
Premiums Are '> High-Class.
FREE TO CLASSIFIED AD-
VERTISERS
'IS SUNDAY EDITION.
ALCOHOL STOVES.General Merchandise.
_____ $
BAGS — Grain Bags. 6%c spot and 5^0 June.
July; San Quentln. $5 40: Wool Bags. 32Qi^Jc:
Fleece Twine, 7®8c.
COAL — Wellington $8 per ton; New Welling
ton >S: Seattle. $C 50: Bryant. $(5 30: Beavrr
Hill. $5 50; Stanford, $7; . Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 50: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite - Egg, $14:
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50: Cannel, $S 50 per ton: Coke. $11 soQi.-t
per ton In bulk. and $19 in sucks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton. ' according to brand, .
OILS — Quotations are. for barrels; fot_«ases
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled' and
CHICAGO May 26. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creamery. 13»4«7i7^c; dairy. 12@lt5c. Eggs
were easy at 15@li>&c. Cheese was easy at
7%(ff9'/3C. . . ' V
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
New Potatoes continued to arrive freely from
the river districts and from acrosd the bay, and,
although trade was active, the market had an
easy tone, with only a few well-known brands
of strictly fancy stock . bringing the top quota
tion. Old Potatoes moved slowly and poor stock
was being forced for sale nt unsteady rates.
Red Onions were ecsler owing to the lack of
demand for shipping. .Green were scarce and
The market was liberally supplied with mis
cellaneous vegetables and prices of most kinds
had a downward tendency.. Asparagus, and
Peas from across the bay were easier, as the
train with fresh supplies did not arrive until
late. The canners were paying 4#5e per pound
for the former and lc per pound for tho latter.
Summer I Squash was firm during the early
trade, but weakened- uf>on the receipt jjf fresh
supplies later In the day. G/een Corn that
arrived from Brentwood on the preceding day
sold at C5<a75c per dozen. Wax Beans from
Vacftvllle are coming In poor and are selling
slowly, as they do not compare favorably -with
the southern, which- are still arriving freely.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. %1@
1 15 per ctl: Oregon Burbanks. $1 15@1 50 per
ctl; small Oregon Burbanks for seed, $1@1 25
per ctl; new Potatoes In - boxes, • $1 50@2 per
ctl: In sacks. $1 25<8!2 per ctl.- k , ,
ONIONS— Australian Yellow, $5 per ctl; new
Red. $l@!15.per sack: new Green. 9O@uoc
per Box.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 4SjCc per lb;
Rhubarb. B0(575c per box; Green Peas, 75c@
$1 25 per sack: Garden Peas. l%c per lb; String
Beans, 5@Hc per lb: Wax Beans. 5@7c per lb;
Tomatoes. $1 508*1 75 per box or crate for Los
Angeles and $1 50ffl2 for Mexican (repacked);
Bummer Squash. 75ciff$l 25 per box; CabbagUv
$1 per ctt: Carrots, COc per sack; Cucumbers
75cfl$l per dozen; Garlic, new, 7$8c per lb;
Egg Plant, ,10c per lb; Dried Peppers 8@10c
for sun-dried and 12%ei.1c per lb for, evap
orated: Dried Okra. 12H@15c per : lb; Green
Peppers, 7<fiflOc per Ib for Los Angeles and 10
@15c for Mexican; Marrowfat Squash, Jobbing
at 1%®2c per lb. ¦
Potatoes, Onions' and Vegetables.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6%@7c for Steers and 5@6c per lb
for Cows. 1
VEAL— Large. 6»4@7V4c: small, S(39c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@8c; Ewes. 6%@7e
per lb "
LAMB— «%@9o per lb. f ¦
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6^4(f?S^c per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. (
The following 1 quotations are for good, *eouna
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco." less 50
per cent "for shrinkage for Cattle.
CATTLE— Steers. 7%@8%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 6%@7c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — l@4Uc per Ib (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@4c; Ewes. 3@3'/»c
per Ib fgross'weight).
LAMBS-^-$2 5002 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 5Hc:
over 2C0 lbs; 4%c: soft Hogs, nominal: Sow*.
20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent . off. antl
Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotations.
The situatlon-'ts etill more unsatisfactory
for the raiser and seller. Beef, Mutton and
Lamb are plentiful and weak and Steers are
a fraction lower again. The market is glutted
with Calves, and Lambs, especially those from
the river, are coming In poor , and light in
weight owing to the overflowing- of the grazing
lands there. Hogs. too. are coming In more
freely than warranted by the demand and are
weak In consequence. , . i
Meat Marked
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BOND8.
Bid. Ask- Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 93 S P C R 4s. — 10O •
B L Wat fls.115 — S P Co 4^3.101 —
Cal NW 5s.. — 112 Sun Tel 8s.. 113 —
M C "Wat 53.100 — Do Si ..... — 105
Ris I Wks5s. — 10715 Suttr-st Rfa.105 113
SF Drdk 5s — 113% UR of SF 4s. 7S« 73%
Si' it NP 5s. — 112'4
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 21% 2?%[Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 80 87 Nev Nat Bk. — 200
Cal G&ECor. 45 49 N S R R Co. 9V t —
Cal Powtler..iaO 150 N Cal P Co. 10% Hi;
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak Bk. Sav.llZfe —
Cal T I & T.115 — Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk Oak — 65 IOOF Hall A 6 —
Chutea Co . . — IVi Orpheum Co.. — 16%
City £C6k- 112 PaeC Cas Co.120 . —
Cyp L Imp.,. 6% — v Pac S Tet Co.100 —
East Dvnm.. — 250 " Paraf Paint.. 38 —
DrntPwd pfd — '¦ '90" S F Drydock CO — ¦
Do com .. ."0 00 SF&SJ Coal. 25 .T2V»
FN Bk Oak.120 — S J Wat Co. — 106
Fischer Thtr 40c — SO & MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.106 — SwUs-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect.. 11 12^
Mono P Co. . 14 — UR InC pfd. 43% 46
Lon& SF Bk — <0 Do com ... 9 —
Horning Session.
Street—
$12,000 United R R ot S F 4 per cent. . 78 75
Calif or n ia Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— • Bid. Asked.
Apollo .... 48
Associated Trnst Certificates. 19 20
Aztec < CO 70
California Standard 13
Caribou ....... 4 60 \ 500
Central Point Con ,.... 65
Chicago Crude ............. .„. 21
Claremont 63 . 64}
Four ....' 70 /
Fulton 3 75
Giant «... 15 ...»
Hanford 190 1 0O - .,..-
Home 1 5O 160
Independence 28 Tt
Kern 4 80 *:./.^.. -Vi
Kern River 10 00 - ....
Monarch (of Arizona) - ~53 • 40
Morrt«* Cristo CS ....
Occidental of W Va.. ...... .... . 12
Previous quotations rule, with not much go
ing on.
BEANS— lUyos, $2 25©2 50; Pea, $2 90@3:
Butters. $3: email White. $2 S5<$3 10; large
White 52 25f/2 55; Pink. $3 4503 «0; Red,
$4 £3:" Lima. $.1 2.'.«?3 :*.0; Red Kldnfy 8 . $1 754?
r. : Blaekeye. $1 D0@2 15 per ctl: Horse Beans.
$25/2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4$?4 25; Yellow
Mustard $3£-'5 25; Flax. $1 8U<& 1 00; Canary,
fiVi^S^e for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14%@l(fe: Rape
l»4@2c: Timothy, OfTflV4c: Hemp, 3V4@4c per
lb; Millet. 3&3V»c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blaekeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles,
$3 25; Green Peas, $3©3 25.
I Beans and Seeds.
Quotations for Hops show some revision.
There is no wholesale or first-hand trade of
any consequence, as stocks are practically
out of farmers' hands and the quotations be
low represent Jobbing sales from dealers, as
speclfitd. This Jobbing business is fair, as the
warm weather is improving the demand some
what. There Is nothing doing; In 1004 crop.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sail
about %<31c under qudtations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c: medium, S^c; light. Sc; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy nnd Sc for light: Stags,
6c; Salted Kip. Oe; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie: dry Hide.*. 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf 18c; Sheepskins, jhearllngs 25«M0c each;
short Wool. 40QT.5c each: medium. 70<g!)Oc: long
Wool. $1@I £0: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2^2 50 for medium. $1 25<SS1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 .10 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c Tor Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 30c; dry Salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American 30^32%c. Goat Skins—
Prime Angoras 75c; large and .smooth. 50c;
medium. 3."c: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%®4%c per Ib;
No. 2. •3Uif?'4c; grease, 2>4@3c.
WOOL-^Spring Clip — San Joaquln and South
ern 12 months'. 9'rtllc: do 7 months'. S@10c
per' Ib: Middle Counties. 12@lGc for free and
\W\ic for defective; Northern. 15@17c for fre»
and irt@15c for defective; Nevada, 12@15c. ac
cording to condition.
HOPS— Jobbing at 27%ft;i0c per Ib for Cali
fornia, 1003. For crop of 1904 the nominal
quotation Is 20c. .
Hides, Talloxv, Wool and Hops.
No further change, in any article under this
hc-ad is rciKirtod. Hay continues weafc, except
for the, finest grades, which are tirm. and Bran
and Middlings continue strong at previous
prices.
. KHAN— $21(922 p<r ton.
MIDDLINGS— ?27 0C&2O 50 per ton.
SHORTS— *21«?22 per ton.
K FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23(32.1 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. *2» ."Uffx 3 1 ;
Jobbing ?'I2. Cocoanut Cake. $22023; Corn
Meal. $32«33: Cracked Corn. $32 50^33 80;
Mixed Feed. $22112.1; Horse Ber.ns, $3U<&40 per
ton: Hroom Corn P'erd. 'JOc per ct!.
HAY— "Wheat $11(515: Wheat and Oat. $110
13 50- Oat. S9«12 BO: Wild Oat. $7S10; Bar
ley and Oat, $7i&11: Stock. $7ti-S; Alfalfa. $7®
10 per ton.
STRAW — 60®80c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
CHICAGO, May 20.— Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
02!g&7c; No. .'!, K-'^OOc; No. 2 red, $1 05®l 00;
No 2 corn. 4S^c; No. 2 yellow, f>Oc; No. 2
cats. 42KiC: No. 3 white, .'{a%©42VjC; No. 2
rye, 75e: good feeding barley. 30if?4Oc; fair to
choice malting, -jrxgSfic; No. 1 flaxseed, $1;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 00%; prime timothy
see<1, $3 05: mns pork, per bbl.. $11 25011 ;W;
lard per 100 In?.. ?« 40fl?6 42^j; short ribs
sides noose). M 87%Ofl 50; short clear sldca
(boxed). $0 2J©ii -W;- whisky, basis of high
wines $1 28; clover, contract grad* $10 75.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 45.700 48.800
Wheat, bushels 31.000 65,100
Corn, bushels 209.200 102,700
Oats, bushels 210,300 212.400
Rye bushels 9,000 10.400
Barley, bushels 28.U00 3,500
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. May 26.— Nervous su?pense char
acterized wheat trading to-day as a result ol
uncertainty concerning what might be done re
garding supposed open trades of John W.
Kauffman. suddenly deceased. In consequence
business was restricted !^ volume and price
changes were narrow Opening sales of July
were %c to He higher at S > J>,fe«rs«>ic. but as
the sesflon advanced speculative trading was
affected by tho signs of weakness in cash mar-
Kf-ts throughout the country. Primary receipts
wer-? much larger and a crop report issued
at Cincinnati was ijuite bearish. Trade w;>.s
very light. The market closed firm, with July
up <ic at B614C. after the price had touched
S<;',4c. May ranged between 95V&C and l)7c,
closing B7%c.
The onsettled weather and contending claims
as to '-he probable near future made trading
in torn rather hazardous and business was
very light. July closed at 4S%c. a gain of %c.
Tho monotonous dullness of trading in oth.T
V rains- was relieved to a considerable extent
fry tho activity in oats. July closed *ic hlgli
•r at 3Nvic
Covering by «horts marked tlie trading in
r-rovliiinns. Small receipts of hogs and higher
rrices at the yards were the incentives. The
market closed at about the . highest point cf
tht day. with July pork up 20cj lard was up
12'/4c and ribs were 10c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May fi. r »>4 !>" O.'H 96%
•July, old 87 >? 87% 8(J«i SS
July, new Ha% fifl\i, • XU% MH;
September, old. h\% S2 S1V* »l'Z
September, new tM'A &ij% so^i 80>^
Com No. 2 —
May 47',$ 47^ 47% 47f^
July 48H 4SU 47% 48%
September 47% 47% 47% 47%
Oats No. 2 —
May 40?i 41% 40% 41>,i
July :ts\i :n rss 38%
September 31 31 30% SI
Mess Pork, per bbl. —
July 11 70 11 40 11 20 11 35
September 11 43 11 C2% 11 45 11 60
Lard, per 100 lbs.—
July « 42>,i 6 30 0 42% 6 80
September C «0 - 0 07% 0 GO C «7%
Short Kibs. per 100 lbs.—
July 0 f.0 0 flO C 50 6 67%
September 0 (i3 0 75 6 65 6 75
Future Grain and Provisions.
To-day Collection Day.
As announced several days ago to-<J3y will
bt '"(iliertion Day. cs tht regular date — the
'->•*:— talU on Saturday, and Monday Is a
legal holiday.
• - Oregon Crop Bulletin.
% Th* report of Edward A. IJfals. section di
rector. United States Breather Bureau, for the
Oncoa Crop P.ulUtin for the week ended May
£4, in follows:
Good Tslns occurred last Tuesday an!
Wednesday tu arty evcrjrsrber* in the Ftate.
and Fine*' then the weather has been warm
• no brifrht -shit!! lias protneud the rapid
growth of all «-ar!.v sown crops. The top soil
fr-ar the close of the «erk iu soniv localities
v«> U-jnmriiiF tii ret dry. ar.i many corre
cj'ondcnts reports that mere rain was moiled
for laM h« odfd rraia «nd for reivntly planted
,O m, ar these crops were making a relatively
•t'.vW crbwUi.
Th>> mv.^tf are better than for a number
of years, and stock is in excellent condition.
Tl.* flow of milk in the <iairy districts is
et ur.Ciir.t. nn'l The supply Ix^ing received at
*?:»¦ cr^anjerle* has about reached Its maximum
t-jint for the yar. Sh'-ep ibeaxtag coatt&DCf
it: s-cme locnlities, but this work is drawing
:o a dost- :n mos-t places. The wool clip
Swomisea to l>e up to the average, both in
Qi.an;:t>' and quality.
Fall wheat is raaklng satisfactory advance
nenl. and rown spring wheat, barley
and cats art thrifty and premising;.. A few
complaints bavc b*ea r«-ceivfl of damaee don«
tn stff}SS as well as to fall wheat by wire
• ornjf. Corn piantinir Is wrll along and po
tato planting is advancing rapidly. Hope.
rardene. and field onions have doae well
<!urinjr the v*-«-k, and in gt-neral the outlook
fir siai>le croi* throughout the Ftate i? mo«t
rromisiiyr. Early blooming fruit was cor.si'l-
Vrab'.y ihinr*-"! by the late frosts, but fairly
Ft.. «i yleJda arc of all varieties rx
a pt Italian prx.n«-». which in rniny sectSons
will be a compi.'te failure. Apples have
voil.
Weatha Report.
iVJfnY. MFri<?iari— Pacific Time.)
SAX ritAXCISCO. May St — S r- m.
Tlie lolloping :re the seasonal rainfalls to
<5at». as compared with thos? -of same dato last
*=..;.<• r.. ar.d rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Lest
Station? — 2! hours, season, season.
I'tir'-ka O.-'iO «3.78 Bl;15
lJo.1 Bluff O.<r> 21. 21
Racrasaest* « *i lfi.^5 1«.»I*J
Han F**aciaco ».»o 2O.59 1S.2S
FVcasa o.«x> ' R.04 fi.T-u
tedepesdesee o.<2 i'..v» 2.->«
Luis Oblspo. . . .. O.cy Xtt.ttfl 1S.4'.»
1^-s Jltseli-s Tr. s.72 l:i.-*!»
fc'fin Difco 0.<»S f ' 4.4't II. C5
The foflowlng rr.fximum an<3 minimum tf-m
r«-r:u.ur<-s sre reporting for the preceding day
frr-ri Kattern cities:
Boston Miising Kansas City Missing
Philadelphia . .Mhv-ir.g Jacksonville ..Missing
Cincinnati »«t-72 Washinsrton ...M-j-rinK
New York Mij.sins Xew Orleans 86-C8
TUF. COA?T RECORD.
f STATIONS. r S=a==3 ?** "
w~ — - C
- c c • • is
. '. "* "2 '¦ ' ' . * '
Daker .'. M.C0 B8 .",« NW <^par ."0
Tars^ 2:»>» CS .".4 N «'!«-ar .<V>
Eore'ci -.*.t''J 64 4<; N <.*l^ar .00
PrctK* .-. 2H.S2 KO 5« W Oear -HO
E. E. Farallon. :.".>. RS f* 54 NW <:iear .Oo
nn?jraff 29.«;4 «X! 40 SW " Clear " ."O
Poctftello Ct».«S «S SfJ N Clear" .<SO
Inacpendeaoc .¦_"•. M ?¦<> 4« NW pt.cidj- .*zi
Ixw Angeies. .2S.VW5 70 Tilt W Clear .<x>
Mt T»malr>ais.l".'.l>0 7<» 4S W Oear .<>!)
North Head... ?X\. 10 4S NW «ricar .C'O
Tho. n.x ».7« !«2 *G J^W Clear .00
Ft Reyes Lt..2H.H.-? 72 S3 NW Clear .<><)
I'ortlarvl 29 .OS ?*«> *>i NW Clear .<Xl
Hed 13!cfr S».7S *>* Ct N «1f-ar -<K)
Rosrburg: 2».S»S V"2 42 N **lear .«:«
Saorarr.ento ..?.*.<*<> *¦? .V. JCW Clear .«0
H«lt I^a&e l".».s« i> 42 SW «'loudy Tr.
H»n FYinri^co.^.ss M» SS W Clear A .00
JH^n L. OUS9O.S9.M >¦>) 44 S ¦ Clear .00
ann^t r».!>l «"><; M W Clear .<O
Feittl* 7IO.CH T'l 44 NW <"lear ".00
Fpokane -'iw.02 7* 42 SW rt.Cidy.00
Tatoosh 30.14-64 4s SW Clear .00
Walla Walia. .!-.<. '.»s 7S 40 NW «1ear ;.«•
".Vinnemuoca .23. Mi «>> VA XK Olear -'• .00
rtrma 29.70 s« «4 SAV Clear .CO
Wr^XTilKl 1 . CO.VWTIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
?*air w.-ith^r 1 re vails ever the Pacific floj*
and c\rm<iy wtathcr over the Kocky Mountain
vtgUm. fy.rht rain ha? fallen 5n I'tah and a
LhnndrT Btorni ta reported tt Modena.;, ~. ¦ ¦
The rr'f'-ri' his l£l!cn over t!ie northern
)mlt r<T the i'aciflc slope and risen over the
mtb«
The fmp^rature has ri*en over the. western
¦Vticn of the (ountry. eic-pt in Poulhern Cali
'omiai, Arlzor.a und Southern Utah.
High triad* are reported from Nevada, Arl
cona and Utah.
Korecust made at San Francisco for thirty
>our* ending midnicht. May 27: 8 *ilJ>
"Kartbem Calilornla — Fatr Friday; l"gf>t
iirthnwt Trind.
Fpvttoera CaUfor^:*— Fair Friday: light west
.N-vaia— Fair Friday.
«an FnB&sSO a^J vicinity — Fair Friday;
fcfet nartinrert arlsS. G. II. W1LLS0N.
I .^vnt I.*, ~i.f. «?/.- Ti«*irir,ryrilv in l""hMrfre.
EASTEKX MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. M«V 2«S. — Money on call was
>y at :4M : ,i l»or c*>rt: closing bid. 1 i>er cent;
fered. 1U per or-nt. Tirr.e loans were easy;
Ow days, 2»^ \>er cent; ninety days, ,2*4 per
nt; -»ix n:onths, -1«3Vi per cent. Prime
•rcactiltj i>ar«r, 3?«©4"i p*r cent. Sterling
Xw.y.f- wa* strong, with actual businfiss in
fkerfc U!!s at *4»S7lo4J4.fc71j for demand
d et $4.ttKKa4.K52« for sixty-day bills.
fttetf ratr 8 »4 feim34 80 and $4 .S7^$4 SS.
mrr.errial bi'ls. J4.K49O. llcr silrer. jj>c.
'xi'an dollars. 44',ic Government bonds,
ra>lroai.j fjonds. Irregular.
¦¦'Nezv York Stock Market.
VEV7 YORK. Mav 20.— Hrckers put Jn a
w or.iers for elociti! early to-day and th^n
r.t off to tli« lirbokiyn handicap, leaving the
i-.Y.rX to Jr.ft iictlcKEly to fts own devices.
!•<• f.aur i-on;ni^nt un tje ofTered on such a
••fc<rt lK"-on<l Its ::ccative acency. There
¦." hnHltur or xnovemenl Ot prices to In
*f? I*' "I ar.y oai h*ld any sentiment oa
•:.• <r !!:• r iU :I->ok for val:s<»R. Hut it was
*.a:*r in'«-rerir* ihst v*ry profound and unl
r :^l ci-.ceixs.lsty I* felt over the future to
;•:¦«¦¦ »u-h a loial abnetitlon from operations
»i-fi!rit.c» sir Ik now witnessed in the mar
t Tti3* It- is rot fcr la<~k of resources 5s
:W!r»-iy <5t mnnstrated by th« fr«w outflow cf
in rc*iKJnt.r to to-<Say'» offer of Cu»a:i
•I:', whirh w«re !arcel>' over half sut>
.'•••rt both hern ar.rt In other markets where
>• nirA ofeird. TT,e <!<-inard fcr the recent
:.¦':, ii~.il Jnpar.c** lonn offerlnrs. as well
'it New York CtJ'l J37.O00.C»0O bend cflfr
r. was vrnr.t tn th< «arne dirootlon. The
;.- thr more :'aotaM« in view of New York 8
a!! dtrnorfUcn heretofore to ejuijork tn Gov
irncnt Ff-i:riUe». The only time heretofore
;'-n N>w York has (hows «ry taste for for
n Uxaa was at the time, three or four year;
f. wVn the valu*- wr expert trade ana
the kalanc* of traic In our iavor middenly
iir.d'-d 10 such urwV'd* proportjons as to
7rr emfcarrassm^nt for toreltra money tnar
* in m^ctlnn the rudden heavy demands on |
m. with the Boer war and the cutting off
FLOUR— California Family Extras, |4 60@
4 80, usual terms; Uakers' Extras. $\ 50t?4 80;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 h5@l 25
per bbi
MILlJSTtJFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $.150 per 100 lbs:
Rye Flour $:» SO: Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice FloOr.
$7; Cr>rn Meal, *."5 50: extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats, $4 50: - Hominy. $4(^4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $1 50® I 75; Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls, ?7 25©8 CO; In sacks, $6 75<y
8 10- Pearl Barley $6; Split Teas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 Ibe.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CottoUne Is V t c lower. Otherwise prices re
main unchanged. Trade Is dull and stocks are
ample for all needs.
The Chicago market was firmer yesterday,
with good buying, said to be ror packers. An
other report said that the purchases were by
th<* sh'-rts, who were covering.
CURED MEATS— Bacnn. 9^c per lb .(or
heavy. 10c for light medium 12c for light,
13Vic for extra light and LVSlOc for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams l.'fc; Cali
fornia Hams. 12(S12Vic: Mess Beef,. $100
10 50 per bbl; extra Me«s. $11-5/11 50; Family,
$12@12 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear
$24- Mess. $1S: Dry Salted Pork. 10c; Pig
Pork. $27: Pig«" Feet. $5: Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at flV>c per ; lb for
compound and 8VjC for pure; half-barrels, pure.
8%c; 10-lb tins 9>.4c: 5-lb tins. 9%c; a-lb tins.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8K,c; three
half barrels. .S'/ic: one tierce. S'ic; two tierces.
Sc; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Proz'isions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
easier. Warrants nominal at $'J 25. No. 1
foundry, northern, Jfi4 7o!f?I5 25; Xo. 2 do,
?14 H.'i'ij 14 7."i: No. 1 foundry, southern, and
CO eoft, ?ia 50^13 70.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. May VX: — Tin was somewhat
irregular In London, but showed rather a bet
ter undertone on the whole and closed is CM
higher or. futures at £123 15k, while spot was
7s «d higher at £12t 10s. Locally the market
continued {juk-t, but uflefinga were smaller
and the market a shade higher, closing at
?27 C5t;2.S.
Copper advanced 2s 9*1 to £.V» 11s 3d for
spot in London and wask Is .'Jd higher at £5it
Us 3d for futures. Locally copper remained
<iulet. Lake Is quoted at $13Q13 12'i; elec
trolytic. $12*73013, r.nd ca.^tinR. $Vi *>0fql'J 75.
Lead declined la to £11 12s in London.
Locally the market was steady at ?4 4. r )@4 50.
Spelter closed unchanged nt £22 in the Lon
don market. Locally the market was steady
at $r.'O J 10.
Irgji cloyed at Ms 9d in Glasgow and at
i"sf Cd in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was
Oil City Petrolenm CO ....
Peerless 13 25 14 CO
I Reed Crude 150
9 F A McKlttrick 3 2">
Senator » 65 67
; Sovereign : 40
Sterling 2 60
'Superior OS ....
• Thirty -three 8 23
Toltec 21 ....
Twenty-eight 9 ©O ....
' West Shor* 2 50
, Associated Bonds 79 CO
AVabash 42
MK*ceIlaneou»—
Cal Jockey Club 130 0T>
Fischer's Theater 45
I Northern Cal Power .10 75 11 12'i
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board^ —
1 SCO Independence 27
500 Oil City Petroleum tfo
143 Associated 19
Street —
300 Twenty-eight Oil, b 5 3 50
Afternoon Session,
Board —
1 450 Claremont •?
3CO OH City Petroleum •*»
70OO11 City Petroleum 01
20i> Independence 27
100 Sterling, b 80 2 83
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the talcs' on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board, -yesterday:
Morning Scrstan.
20O Caledonia ... SS;. CM) Ovhir 5 7".
200 Challenge Con 23. 2iX> Potosl 1*
500 Choliar 2()f K.O Savage 34
100 Con C & Va.l e&l UO Savage
100 Gould & Cur. 30| 20O Sierra Nev .. «
5OO Julia OS! 10*> Union Con . . >¦ t
300 Justice H[ lto Yellow Jacket. 2k .
30O Mexican 1 70J
Afternoon Session.
500 Bullion 12; :;«¦> Gould & Cur. 2r>
5OO Bullion 13! 30O Justice '»
20O Con Imperial. 02t 4<H> Union Con .. C(>
300 exchequer ... 40| 2t)O Union Con .. 59
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1C0 Julia osr 400 Sierra Nev .. 43
200 Mexican I 7(>? 1M> Union Con .- «\>
10O Mexican ...167^»» HK> Union Con .. ez
200 Scorrton 151 MO Union Con . . «s>
300 Seg Belcher.. M, 5<H> Utah 07
3CO Sierra Ner .. «f
Afternoon Session.
1C0 Antes 191 200 Julia CS
2W» Bullion 1.1; lt»O Overman ..'... 37
200 Caledonia ... M»: r$0i» Scorpton ...». 17
100 Con C & Va.l €3: 20O Union Con .. «O
' 1(X> Gould & Cur. 3o| 2Ct> X'nlon Con . . 59
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. • *
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 MacNamara . 19! 100 Ton Belmont , «7
! 8(X) Ton Belmont. e«ij
Afternoon Session.
20O Rescue 0<:|l(X.i> Ton Gold M.. 13
100O Ton Belmont. tm
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. May 26—4 p. m.
Btd.Ask.l UM.Aak.
Alpha 12 ISJustice U 14
Alta VI CS'Kentuck 04 OS
Andes IS 20jKeye3 Graes.. —lift
Belcher S3 34[Lady Wash .. — Pt$
Best & Belch. 1 5ft 1 *0 Mexican 1 «3 t 70
Bullion 12 13! Occidental .... 79 «'J
Caledonia ... 8S W [Ophlr 5 62^5 7.".
Challenge Con 21 2l[Overman 3« :!7
Chollar 1» l»,Potozl 17 19
Ccntklcnct ...1 1*> 1 15iSecrplon IS 2<>
Con C & Va.l B5 1 701 Savage 34 33
Con Imperial. 02 C3iSe* Belcher .. 13 IS^
Con NY 04 €5.. Sierra Nev .. 41 " 4ij
Crown Point. 21. 2--(| Silver Hill ...5? 5»
East Sierra N 03 OSiSt Louis .... 01) 10
Eureka Con.. — 5o! Syndicate .... <tt 04
Exchequer 4O 41 (Union Con .. 51> L<»
Gould & Cur. 29 301 Utah C« (>T
Hale & Norc. 60 «.",' Yellow Jacket. 23 24
Julia 07 09!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.» BM.AsJt.
Colehan — 07[Ray & OBrien (V4 vS
Esperanza ... — ©*-; Hescue 05 l>7
GoM Anchor. — SOiTon Belmont.. <5*J «*
Gold M Con. 01 C3 Ton Cash Boy — 25
Jim Butler .. SO — ITnn Exten..l 05 I 12'i
Lucky Tom .. — 101 Ton Gold M. 12 15
MacNamara . IS 19'Ton ot Nev.. 7 50- —
Mizpah Ex .. 10 —(Ton N Star... 27 2S
Mont Ton.l 57& 1 (C'-iiTon Midway.. 36 .".7
Paymaster ... — OS' Ton & Salt L — 1 CO
Ray Ton ... 11 — [United Ton ..13 —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. A?k
4s qr coup-.tOe^m'/iUs qr cp new.132 133
4s qr res...lC-fl»4107Hf3s qr coup.. .106 11KJ14
MISCELLANEOUS BOND3.
Ala A W 5s.l0l — Oak T Co «Js. — 119 Vi
Bay CPC 59.101 102 Do 5s — 112H
Cal C G Stf.lOO 105 Do con 5s. — 1024
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct JVb. S2% 83 Ora Cable 6s. — I23>4
Cal-st C 5s.H0 — Pac G Im 4s. — 98
C C Wat 5s. — 101 p E Ry 5s. 104% —
Ed L * P 6s — 128% P & C H 6«.1O6 —
F & C II Cs.114% — P & O R Bs.116 —
Geary-st'Ss".. — 82 1'oweII-st Cs. — 114
II C4S SVis.100 — Sac EOAR3». — »8
Do ."» .... 9G«4 99 SF & SJV5S.116U —
Hon'R'T Cs.HMVa — Sierra H 6s.. 110 115
L A Elec Cs. — 105 S P of A to
L A Ry 5s. 111% — U3C0) 10S —
L A L Co 6s — — (1910> 103 —
Do gtd ?Va. — — S P of C ¦ «s
Do gtd 58.10a%l04U (l»0f,)Sr A.101«i —
LAP lcm 53.101 — O9tt»>8r B.102% —
Mkt-st C 8a. — 11!)^ M»0fi) 104% -—
Do lcm 5s.ll.1-74 — tl!>12> 114%llSU
MV& MtT.*>s.l01»i — SFC 1 eg 59.110 —
NRR of Ces.lOfiSi — Do stmpd.. — 10S
Do Cs llCVjll" S P B R 69.131% —
N P C R 5s. — 100 i» V* Wat 63.104 105
N C Ry 5s.ioa — Do 4s 2dm. 98U S»
N C P C !ta. 8O%lfer% Do 4s :Wm. — 1(>O
N S R R 5s. 02% 96 Stkn G&Efis. — . 10O
O O LA-H ."w.107 — V G ft E 5s. — 104
O W gtd 3s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Centra Costa 36 40 I Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — «> I? V Wat Co. 37% 38
GAS AND ELECTRIC. .
Cent L A P. 3V4 4 |S F G * E. 60 61
Mutual E L. 12% 12%fS?i*n G & E. 5Vi 5%
Pac L Co... 56SJ — |U O ft G Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firtm's Fnd.300 .140 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l2!> 130 IL F & A.... 150 1C0
Anglo-Cal .. Xl% 87 IMcr Trust... .200 215
}jank of Cal.425 430 Mcrcb Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 145 147%! S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — !
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ocr S & L.i.CV> 2350 iS.\v »'i L So. — 100
Hum S * L. — — |Se- Sav Ek. — 450
Mutual Sav. 10O — 1 Union I Co.. — —
S F Sav U.ti-J.". — I
STREET RAILROADS.
C««"ifo nla .. — 200 IPi^'Iio 39% —
POWDER,
Giant : '— 6J%!Vi K crlt 4% 4%
Hana P Co. — 2T.= Kilauea S C 3 4
Hnwatmn C. 49% &O Makaweli a. 21, 22
lion ok a a S C 12 U — Onomea S C. 24 25
Hutch S P C 8% — I'aauhau S C. 13%H'i
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 133 — (Oceanic S Co. 3*4 5
Cal F C A. — 100 Pac Aux FA. 5 «
Cal Wine A. — 01 I Pac C Borx. — 170
MV& MtTm.lOO — |
Morning Session.
Board —
U5 Alaska Packers' Association... 139 00
35 Hutchinson S P Co 8 50
25 Spring Valley Water Co, cash. 37 7»
$1,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent 111 50
/• Street—
$1,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
35 Mutual Electric Light 12 50^
40 Spring Valley Water Co.'..... 37 75
15 Spring Valley Water Co, b 8. . 37 75
$1,OW Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 00
Street —
$15,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 00
THURSDAY. May 2ft— 2 p. m.
STOCK ANr IIOXD EXCHANGE.
FRUITS — Apricots. S??10c for Royals and
9'312c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4H'2?
6c; sun-dried. 3<£4%c; Peaches. 7@*c;
Pears, SH<?jl2c: Figs, white. 2^fi3c In boxes;
black. 4^4q; Plums, pitted 5i?i;7%c per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2@2%e for the four
sizes
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 190.T
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loo?e Muscatel. 4-crown,
4c per lb; 3 -crown. 4%c; 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose. 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3=}ic: Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedlrss Sultanas. 3>4c; Seedless
Muscatels. 3'/ie; do floated, "!',jc; Seeded Rais
ins, 16-oz cartons, fancy. Gt£c: choice, 5V»c;
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4«.c: choice. 4%c; in
bulk fancy. 5%c; choice, 5c: Imne'rial clus
ters. $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, 82; London
Layers ."-crown, $1 :S5; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell 13Vi'3i4c;
No. 2. 1144012c; No. 1 hardshell! lS^li^c;
No. 2. llfllUc: Almonds, ll^c.for Nonpa
reils. ll%c-for I X L. lie for Ne Plus -Ultra
and 9!>4c for Languedoc; Peanuts. (i®7c for
Eastern: Pecans U(ffl3c; Cocoanuts $4 50«?5.
HONEY-i-Comb. li«4«?12>4c for white and
lOUllc for amber; water white extracted.' 54#
fie; light amber extracted. 4Vi@5c; dark,
BEESWAX— 27ig20c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
The Toltec and Central Point oil companies
will hold special meetings to take steps to dis
solve the corporations and distribute the as
sets. The Venus Oil Company has also made
an application to dissolve.
The shipment of two more railroad car load*,
of Ophlr ore makes a total of twenty car loads
now en route.
Late assessments are: Lake. Land. Canal
and Irrigation Company. 27Hc. delinqmrit
June 17; Lower Ilardwick Side Dlt«h Company.
$2 June 13; Tolare Telephone Company, 30c,
June 14.
All the local exchange* were very dull agalh,
with hardly any variations worthy ot ¦ note.
Hutchinson Sugar was half a point Off at
$8 50 and Alaska Packers' was 25c lower at
$139.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay *
regular monthly dividend of 35 cent* p*r sharo
June C.
Another Apathetic Day on the
Local Exchanges.
st6ck makket.
New York and Sterling Exchange are both
hlcher. Silver remains unchanged. ,
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 SS^
Sterling Exchange, si«?ht — 4 87>/4
Sterling Exchamje.'eatiles — 4 HH\<j
New York Kxchange, sight — O7'/3
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 Q —
Exchange and Bullion.
of the Transvaal gold supply coming quickly
to ajrpravate the t-ltuaticn. The foreign gov
ernment loans here, however, find their way
i back to h.ime markets in very short order.
J X w tfaeM iiartlelpations are met by heavy
I V'>ld <.'xi«irtF and are coincident with other
?>).eci«il d<-n:ands on the supply of foreign ex-
I ihnnw. It Is evident that with currency flow
! ing in on the reserve centers from the domes
| Uc channels of circulation there ia a degree
i 01' dlrtrust of home Investments which prompts
! rutting avi-umulateti resource! in these for
; eipn government loans. This week's state
j mtnt of the Bank o>f France affords striking
1 evidence of the growing accumulation of cap
~. ital rP.-ourcn'. That bank's pold holdings have
i risen with this week's Increase of $28,700,000
I to CSt&SU&OQQi which Is far beyond anything
! in the previous history of the bank. It Is evi
! dent that Paris, with its enormous holdings
• r.f ltu«yian securities, feels constrained to pre
pare I'or im. .->;!.;- eventualities in the course
of the war. The late sagging tendency of
tlu' market left to-day's changes trivial and
irregular.
Itunds were Fteady. Total pales. $1,025,000.
United States new 4s registered declined J4>
on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atcbisoa ... 0.3H0 OJ'i 00 »»
Atchlson pfd 1W !»2>-. !'2>j 92
Malt & Ohio 1.3C0 7i>Vs 77^ 77%
j l*>lt & Ohio ufd » <) 4
I Canadian Pacific... «<W 117% 111 1 ;-* 117^
¦ Central of N J lSti
Chepap & Ohio ... 400 30Vi "OVi S0&
CM & Alton '- 37
I'hl & Alton pfd... 1OU SOU; SOVi W£
Chi & G \\>!=tfrn.. 20* 14^4 14% 14»i
Ch; & Northwci-tn. 2'K> 170 10'j'i XG9V4
Chi Mi! A: Bt Paul. 3,900 140% 1 ; "J^4 ,V8%
t'hi Mil & St P pfd .' 175%
Chi Term & Trans. 100 «>(, OVg S%
qiii Term & T pfd. 30<> 1414 14 1 ,, 14
CCCi St Loui* w>
Colo Southern 100 15% 15% 15V4
j Colo tfouth 1st pfd 5O'/a
' Colo South 2J p.'J 20*4
I Dei & Hudson 400 123*4 152ri 152%
Del Lack ,4b West 2W
Denver & Rio G -* 0
Dcmtr & K G pfd. 100 <i«Vj C«% OtiVi
Krie 3,000 2::«« 22% 22%
1 Trie 1st pfd 000 T.S'i 57% 57~4
!^"rie 2d pfd 4iX) 34^ 34 34
Hocking Valley ... 300 «1 «0 «1
I Hockicg Val pfd.. 200 78% ?**~
I Illinois Central 129
I Iowa Central l»Va
I lnwa Central pfd 33
1 K C Southern 700 19'i 19% 19>i
: B C Soutiit-rn pfd. :'.<K) :« 38 3iVi
I UiUis & Nash 4<i0 l«7-"4 l<:7=?i 107 U
J.Manhattan L 700 144>, 143% 14:J?«
I Metropolitan im'ur. liJP '«7 1^ 77»-j 77
1 Metropolitan fc't By S.ot-O 103% 1«» 100 %
I Mex Cent 1,700 7;i 7% 7%
! Minn & Bt L'>uis 40
I SI ?tP i Sit Ste M <; -^4
I M {"'tP&SltSfM pfd US
; Missouri Fa-ific ... M« JW% 89% W%
I Mo Kan <* T*x»h 15'.4
j Mi, Kan & T..\ i-fd •¦."4^.
Nt B R of Mes pM 100 3ti :W 34
N Y Central H4V4
I Norfolk i- Wei-tern. 2<X> • 5O l 4 M Mi
i Norfolk & W. st pfd *>0
f>r».tario & Wes-teni l.WiO 21% -I '4 '-1^
! Ponnsyivania 5,000 ll.i% 113»4 li:i'4
Pitts C C & St L ¦ 56
trading 1W0 43%; 4"J 43
Readies irt pfd x "S
Reading '.'i pfd CO
Keck Iclar.d Co ... 200 21'<t 21 1* 20Ti
Rock Uland Co pfd 2l<0 >"A\ 04% - 64%
St L & S I-' -M pfd 4:;Vs
Pt Louis S W l."00 12>.4 12 12
Pt L'ju:s S W rfd. 2.."U«I :»>\ -"!»% 2S»^i
Southern Pacific- .. 3.100 4« 45% 45%
Southern Railway.. 1(K» 2fl',i 20H 20%
Southern By l^d R-1
Texas & Pa< ific 21
Toi ,«t l & \\>st.. 2<<o 2m-i 2:; 2:;>-i
I Tol St L & W pfd 3<«) 88«4 38% 38
I "cion Pacific 7.4f*> R{% S2% S.'5%
I Union Pacific pfd.. -'500 00% wni. 00%
I WshAJh 4<*t ir»^4 I5J4 15%
j Wafcash pfd 100 "4U 34% -W*
; W & Ltke Krie 15
I U'tscoiuln Central l'''*4
\\X\* Ccrtl Pfd 38
Express Con-.ranies —
1 Adams 225
I AnwrteaQ 1Sl)
I I'r.ltPil Spates '00
Wells-Farrro 100 206 ?0C 200
Miscellaneous —
Araal Copper 25.HOO Til'l 5O . r H»%
Am Oar & F 1(»'J 10% 10% 1«'4
Am Car & F pfd ™V*
, Am Cot Oil 27
Am Cot Oil pfd 8«
Am Ice '•'¦<
A^i Jc? pfd 2« %
j Ain l^in Oil '%
Ant Lin Oil pfd 25
! Am Loco , ' n
Am Loro pM - 8Ov4
Am S * Uet «.W»0 M% '-"a K»%
«im S it F Hef pfd 5..V>O 07 0« !><t'^
Am Fupsr Ref »"O !?«_ 12.-.*4 12:.%
Anaconda Min Co. 1"* T^ 7."» 7M,
Brook Rap Trans. . O.fioo 47^-i 47% 47%
Col Fael & Iron.. 2<h» »% '-^'A 2'»
Coo r,n? r\ fiiv W*t 2nd 205% 205^1
<"r>rn Products 11
forn I'roducts pfd <"•"
! I)i«t"i"r-' S-cur... 20« 2f>'4 20^ 2f»U
Orneral Kl<-c W 1W» '•''« I'-'H
Int Papr 2°* lfi% lol i 10 ' 4
Int P«por pfd ... 700 C5»i 05^4 «5Ji
lot Pump r»f«i ••'•'• 70
IXtloSa liad .... 500 19V 4 1» la
North American • "1
Pa<-iflc Mail 100 20 21 2->=J4
Peo!)lo's O«s 200 »5% 03U Or,
Pre»5Prt Steel C 24 14
p r ~(;«:o<J i?t '-?1 C pfd *"
! rullnnn Pal Car 210
I n^puhMc Ptec! «%
Republic Ptrol pfd. 100 3SH 3SVi . 38
Rnbber CJoorts £
U iS "i00 34" 34- S«
g/&S£U:f: "jg »" w» iS
tt s nesity s,ooo 7% 7 «(i
n 5 Rf*'ty pfd .. 5,r.oo «2 «o«4 *>%
rsPut.bVr. I'M lft^ 10 * ir>
r ? ii*u~r pra -. 200 wh co% r/,14
f- o <z, Pf .\ 700 9H 9 n
n P Rtefl pfd.... 14.000 54U C3V 4 B4H
Wcythoupe Hlec Ijjj ¦
Western Union 84
Totf.l sales ....129.S00
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. May 26.— Bond transactions:
United Railroads of San Francisco, 1000 at
781/4 " AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4. ' ariced 4^; preferred, bid
3414. sur&ed ST.Ji-
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg.-104% L & N unified 4s.lOO?J
Do coupon 104% Man con gold 4s.lOS
Do Sr. res 105% Mex Cent 4s 65'.4
Do coupon 105% Do 1st inc...-. 13
Do new 4s rej-lM^jMlnn & St L 4sA M
Do coupon 132% M K & Tex 4s.. .100$
I>o old 4s res.l0(!»i! Do 2ds 77H
Do coupon 106% NR of Mex eon 4s ,*Vj
Atch cen 4s 101 N Y C gen S%«.. 99 U
Do ad 4s 01 N J C gen 6s.. ..131
Atlantic C L 4s. 05 Nor Pac 4s 104
fcnl ft Ohio 4s. ..101 Do 3s .» 72J4
Do 3i's 35 Xrir & W con 4s. OSVi
Crntralof Ga Bs.107 JOSL 4s & partic. 04%
Do :st inc.... 74 Pa eonv 3'is.... 05
'¦¦ rhe* & Ohio 4US.104 Reading (ten 4s... J)8%
r" & AHon 3^»- 79 R L & I M con 5s.ll4J$
r V. & Q new 4s. 94% fl L &. S F tg 4s. 81 ;s
CM *BP(tn 4S.109 Hf IX>nls SW lsts. 04%
C" & NW con 7S.127T4 Seaboard A L 4s. ,0
C It I & Pac 4*. «» Stf Pacific 4* .'...¦ J1«
no col f'S •• 7»% yo Railway . r >s....ll5%
rcci SLgn 4*.10l Tex & Pac lsts..ll.S\i
Chi Tenn 4s 74 T. St L & W 4s. 704
Con/Tobacco 4v «>% Union Padflc 4s.. IJHft
Co'ii iSo 4s.... MX Do conv 4s 97
cr * icon r,s. 72 If S Steel 2d,Cs.. 73%
r>»n a.- Plo O 45 OS'4 Wabasli l*ts .....115
Erie frier Hen 4s- »» Do " eb B ...... B7J4 \
Do p"n 4s ..... 85-. W & L Erie 4s... K9%
F V? ft » C. lsts.ifM Wls Cent 4s ..... 00
Hock Val 4>/£s.... 107*5
NEW YOKK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ..... 301 Little Chief .; W
xtic-o -25 Ontario •• 75
LOCAL MARKETS.
SEATTLE May 26.— Clearings, $609,629;
balances. $9S,71ti.
TACOMA May 26.— Clearings. $284,775;
balances. $29,780.
PORTLAND. May 26. — Clearings. $437,038;
balances, $45,091.
." SPOKANE May 26.— Clearings. $302,050;
i balances, $37,4CS.
Northern Business.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska .. 12.6551 Potatoes, sks .. 8.624
Flour, qr sks .. lO.fiJtciBran. sks 372
Potatoes, alls .. 4.203iMeat. sks ZOO
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 4,M3|\Vool. bales 1S3
Wheat, ctls .... 32.6fCTSereenlhgs, sks.. 200
Barley, ctls 45.480 Hides. No. 1.3»if
Corn, ctls 1.120 Pelts. No »v
Rye. ctls 325! Leather, rolls .. 108
Reans sks . 876TLIme bbls 4i*0
Potatoes, sks .. 746|Paper. reams ... 113
Onions sks ... 72»>Wine gala 83,250
Bran ska ' lSlScgar, ctls .... 4,40o
Hay.' tons 311 1 Quicksilver fiks. 31
Straw, tons .... 10|
FOR THURSDAY. MAT 28.
Receipts of Produce.
1
STRAWBERRIES— $2 5O<7?5 per chest for
Longworths and $2(53 for the larger varieties
LOGANBERRIES— $G@S per chest and
per crate.
BLACKBERRIES— $5ffO per chest.
GOOSEBERRIES— lMi«?2^c per lb for com
mon and 10c for English.
CURRANTS — oOftKOc per drawer.
CHERRIES— Black. 50©75c per drawer and
3«6c per lb in bulk; White. 25«40c per drawer
and 2»,4<S-tc per lb In bulk.
APRICOTS— ?1 50@l 75 per box.
APPLES— $l<fr2 50 per box. 1
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 501?
2 50 for fancy, $1(32 for choice and Cl!?l 25 for
standard; Seedlings. $l<ffl 25: ValenciS3. $2<g
2 75; Mediterranean Sweet3. fl SOffXl 75; Tan
gerines. $1 50; Lefncns, $2 50(^2 75 for fancy,
51 .*C<Sl 75 for choice and -«1iSJ1 25 for stand
ard: Grape Fruit, $1 50*32 for seedlfps and $1«
1 60 for ordinary: Mexican Limes, $i/n?> 50 per
cafe; Bananas, $2tff.T per bunch for Central
American and $1^2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples.
$2!?3- per dozen.
Apricots arrived freely from Fresno ajul Por
terville and sold off well at good figures, and
Figs that arrived on the preceding day brought
$2 50^3 p?r box; Two crates of Watermelons
arrived from Hermoslllo, Mexico, but had not
been sold up to a late hour. Oranges were
dull and prices had a wide range as to size.
Lemons and Limes moved freely at steady
rates.
Receipts of Cherries were about 2100 boxes,
several hundred less than on the preceding day,
but as there was an abundance of cariied
over stock and very little demand for shipping
the market was weak. ' The top quotation for
Black In drawers was obtained only for occa
sional lots, »J5c being the top for the general
market. Choice lots of loose sold in preference
to the packed stock, while poorly colored and
small dragged at unsteady rates. The white
varieties were neglected by the regular tra»ie
and the canners secured a considerable quan
tity at 2H@3ViC per pound. The market closed
very weak, with a heavy surplus still unsold.
Receipts of .Strawberries were a little In ex
cess ot 1200 chests, of which about 1000 were
of the largo varieties from the Watsonvllle re
gion. The arrivals of Longworths still showed
the effects of. the hot weather in the interior,
being moro or less sunburnt, but cleaned up
nevertheless. The canners were still in the
market for the large varieties and secured large
lines at the minimum quotation. Raspberries
from the south sold at 15«J20c per basket and
Dewberries brought 7 1 ,4c. Gooseberries and
Currants were very dull.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
WASHINGTON,
' TACOMA, Wash., May 26.—WHEAT—Blue
j stem, 83c: club, 73c.
PORTLAND, May 20. — WHEAT — Wafta
Walla, 72c; bluestem, 80c; valley, 80c.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
} ST. LOUIS, May 20. — Wool steady; medium
; grades, combing and clothing, lS@23Uc; light,
1 tine 15@17c* heavy, fine, 12@14c; tub washed,
1 2KS32C. " ' ¦ "
j St. Louis i Vool Market. •
Open. High. Low. Close.
December... v 07% U7V4 07^ 'J7U
OATS— Fine White and Red are wanted "at
u«1van<-ed priced but the' lower grades' of Red
show little change. The feeling is very firm,
however, though trade la not active. Black
are dull and not wanted.
White, $1 42<4@1 r.214: Black. *l 22S@
1 2"V, : Red. $1 .JOifil 42Vi; Gray, nominal.
CORN — The market continues very firm and
Western., descriptions are higher again.'
Western packed, $1 5C({£1 55 for" Yellow,
$1 47K91 52V{. for White and $1 45@1 50 for
Mlxfd; California lar^e Yellow, $1 55&1 «0;
small round do. ?l 55@1 CO; White. $1 B5O
1 tiO ;>or ctl; Egyptian. $1 40-3H 50 for white
and $1 2T%4B1 "0 for brown.
RYE— $l'30<^l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75(82 per ctl.
Feed. $1 02' / i'81 < ! > s: >i: Shipping and Brewing,
$1 ldf/l 1114; Chevalier, ?1 lC^l 15 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 971& t>794 90*i - 97
2 p. m. Session.
CASH BATILET.
BARLEY — Salts ot cash grain were reported
at a wldfl range. There was a sale of Feed
in the Interior at the equivalent of $1 0S : !i
herr. and two oars of bright Feed sold nt
$1 C7U, whll» some thin Feed sold down to
$1 02}%. Futures were higher, partly owing
to the advance in Wheat and partly to the
hot. drying weather.
December— $1 ol»4
Sesclon 9 to ll::>0 a, m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...SI iSlVi *1 $1 31% ?1 01%
2 p. m. Session.
FUTURES
California Club, $1 25©1 32%; California
White Australian. $1 B2'/4©1 57>i: Northern
Cluh. $1 30©l 40; Northern Bluestem. $1 00
til 55 per ctl.
CASH WHEAT,
WHEAT — Th<» only news from other markets
yesterday was that crop prospects in the West.
Northwest and Southwest were fine and im
proving. • even cuch sections as the Ohio Val
ley, which have hitherto sent in unfavorable
reports, now reporting better conditions. This
market, however, was more or less affected by
the hot. drying wind*, which advanced futures.
The cash grain *«3 also firm, with the millers
paying the advanced Quotations for northern
club fcr blending: purposes. A sal? of 2C0O
sacks northern (Slab at SI ."»V»4 was reported.
Wheat and Other Grains.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet and shows a somewhat easier
tendency, though offerings are net pressing.
Common, -i'do'-ci prime, t^ffS^c; choice,
6%C6Hc: fancy. TeP.-^c.
PRCNES — Continue more or less unsettled.
California grades show weakness; prices rango
fruin 3%c to O^c, according to grade.
APRICOTS— Ar<- In light demand, but hold
ers are locking for an improvtment in this
direction and consequently show little dis
position to grant concessions. Choice, i^glOc;
extra choice, lu I _.<g:'Kc: fancy. ll*tl.">c.
PEACHES — Are firm; choice, 7Q7',ic; extra
choice, 7">«ii$e; fancy, 9%©10c
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, May 20.— FLOUR— Receipts.
S200 barrels; exports. 4S0O barrels. Market
quiet and unchanged.
WHEAT— Receipts, S00O bushels; spot, firm;
No. 2 red, nominal elevator and $1 IK f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Xorthern Duluth. fl 03% f. o.-b.
afloat. Options were tirm, on hull support, and
closed »ic net advance. May closed 9t!'/4c;
July. Ul%c; September, S.'{%c; December.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES — Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEJ M— Easy.
COFFEE—Spot Rio. dull; No. 7 invoice.
t;?ie: mild. <;u!f>t; Cordova, 0»i'(J13c. The
ir.arket for coffee futures closed weak, 5??15
points lower. Hales, 47..*rt!O bags. Mcy, !5.45c;
June, 5.4.">c; July, 5.50Q9.60C; August, 5.70c;
September r..75@5..S5c: October, 5.95c; De
cember, <;.oo(£/t;.ir>c.
SUGAR— Haw, strong; fair refining, 3 7-l«">e;
centrifugal. QH test. .'{ 15-ltic; molasses sugar,
:i 3-l*ic; refined, lirni.
A r cn> York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, May 2O.-«^The cottcn market
closed 4 to 5 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON. May 20.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows available
cash balance, $ie.J,S54.4So; gold. $lw,931,481.
Cash in the Treasury.
Money— lu S Steel 9
Call loans ....2\_mv, Do pfd 5t
Time leans ...4 <&5 Westing Common. 77
Bonds— Mining—
Atchison 4s 100% I Adventure 11%
Do adj 4s t»l |Allouez b£
M rf 9, ent J s 65 Amal Copper 50V v
Railroads — Amer Zinc OVi
Atchieon GST* Atlantic 7>i
_ Do P fd f>2% Bingham 2QU.
Boston & Albany.243 Calumet & Hecla.455'
Boston & Maine.. lfitj Centennial lfi'i
v!?V?£ Elev •••••140 Copper Range ... 42 %
Fl tchburg pfd .... 135 Daly West 23*4
M« Central 7«4 Dom Coal 04%
N \. N H & H..1S54 Franklin ;... 74
Pere Marquette... 78 JGrancy 3 H-io
Lrion Pacific S3 ilsle Royale C-%
Miscellaneous— Mass Mining 3V&
Amer Arge Chem. 14 ' Michigan 4
Po pf?J 73 Mohawk 40
Amer Pnou Tube. 17 IMont Coal & Coke 4
Amer Sugar 120 loid Dominion ... 12«,
Do pfd 12514 Osceola 56V1
Amer Tel & Tel.l25Vi Parrot 2P.U,
Amer Woolen ... 10 J* Quincy SO
Do pfd 74 I Shannon CVi
Dom Iron & S... 10 ITamarack 85
Ed Elect Ilium... 234 |Trlnitj* Z%
Gen Electric 155 IT S Mining lftV.
Mass Electric IS I IT S Oil OVj
Do pfd 72 Utah 3,1 U
Mass Gas 40 2K
United Fruit liny.lWinona n&
Un Shoe Mach... 48 | Wolverine 70
Do pfd 29 1
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Beef lower. Mutton and Pork weak. Calves glufthe market.
Coffee, Tea and Rice quoted vcrx firm.
Xcii'.York Stocks steady on the day.
Business still very dull on the local exchanges.
Domestic and Sterling Exchange higher. Silver unchanged.
' Wheat and Barley Futures higher and cash Grain firm.
Some descriptions of Oats and Corn advanced.
Xo further change in Hay and Feedstuff's.
Beans and Seeds inactive at previous prices.
Continued heavy receipts of Potatoes. New Onions weaker.
Xo change in quotations for Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Cherries and Stravcberries still large.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs plentiful and inactive.
Provisions dull and easy, ivith Cottolene burr.
IJ-ops now practically cleaned out of growers' hands.
Wheat — May. July. Sept.
Opening Nominal. 6 3% 6 4^
Closing Nominal. 6 4^ 6 4%
j PARIS.
1 Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
I Opening 20 80 20 30
! Closing 20 70 20 35
» Flour —
Opening 27 10 27 30
Closing 27 00 27 35
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
Burns Con 15;phoenlx 08
Com , Tunnel 00; Potosi . . j<j
Con Cal & Va... 1 (50! "Savage ....¦ 30
Horn Silver 1 35| Sierra Nev 60
Iron Silver 2 0->; Small Hopes 15
Leadvllle Con ... 02i Standard 2 15
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
! Miscellaneous Markets.
heavy, $4 4004 55; light, $4 45®4 55; bulk of
sales. $4 50© 4 CO.
SHEEP— Receipts. 10,000; sheep and lambs
steady; good to choice wethers, $5 25@5 75;
fair to choice mixed. 5 Iff 5: : Western sheep.
$4 75@5 75: native lambs, $5@G 50; \ Western
lambs, |G 25#7 25; spring lambs, $5 6O@7 50.
47c for raw;' Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70c:
Bakers' AA, $110@l 12: Luc©!, 45c for boiled:
and 43c for raw; China. Nut. 60®70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. SSc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. fi.se: natural winter Sperm Oil. 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whale
OH. 52c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. "X:.
No. 1 Lard Oil 63c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c:
No 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c; light Herring Oil.
42c; dark Herring Oil, 40c; Salmons Oil. 34c;
boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw *lsh OH, 35c; boiled
Paint OH 33c; raw Patnt Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
14c: Pearl OU. in ea*e«. 2©He; Astral. 2O*4c:
Star. 20^c; Extra Star. 24%c: Elaine, 20_e:
Eocene 23 Vic; Deodorised Stove Gasoline, in
bulk 16c; in cases. 2214c: Benzine, in bulk.
13c; In cases, 19Hc: Sfl-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 25e: in cases. 31c. «
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In case* and
75c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7V;il
7%c per lb; Whit* Lead. 7V4Cm*4c according
to quantity. £
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com.
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100- lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.95c;
Powdered 5.80c; Candy Granulated. S.SOc; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
B.70c; Fruit Granulated. 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated flOO-lb bags only). 500e: Confectioners'
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A. 5.30c; Extra C. 5.20c:
Golden C. G.lOc; "D." Be: barrels. 10c more,
half barrels 23c more: boxes, 50o more; 50- lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels, 6.20c; boxes. 6.45c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
COFFEE — Is quoted firm, with the medium
and lower grades scarce.
TEA— The rituatlon at Oriental primary
points is getting stronger. Japan reports a
shortage of 20 per cent in the first crop, due
to unfavorable weather and the desertion of
the farms for th« war.
RICE— Reports that the Japanese Govern
ment has been purchasing heavily In China
and making large contracts in the growing dis
tricts, of the United SUtes are giving this
market more tone.
Yesterday was a remarkably dull day in the
dairy, trade, all houses complaining of the poor
demand. There was no change in quotations
and the markets for all three descriptions were
devoid of feature. Receipts continued ample,
as will be seen.
Receipts were 91,700 lbs Butter, 1533 oases
Eggs and 24,800 Ib3 Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at 0rst hands. 18%©19c
for extras and 17%@18c for firsts; dairy. IG@
17%c; store Butter, 13@15c; cold storage, nom
inal, i
ffH'EESE — 8@8*4e fjjr good to choice new
and G@7c for lower grades: Young Americas,
9@9%c; Eastern. 12%@14e; Western, ll@12c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 18®19c for fair to choice;
store. lC@l"V4c; Eastern, nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
, and turned over to a leading- retailer by the Jm
; porters. The receipts of domestic stock con
tinued rather large and included much, small
j stock, such as Fryers and Broilers, which
i ruled weak at unchanged rates. Desirable
Offerings of young fowl continued firm and
close clearances of such stock were readily
effected at or near the top rates.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 14@15c per lb;
I Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75; Goslings, f I 730
v 2; t Ducks, . $4 50@5 per dozen for old an-i
$5 50@6 for young: Hens. $0^7 for larca an<l
$3®5 CO for smalt: young Roosters, $7 S0@
8 50: old Roosters. $4 60@5; Fryers, $5 5OQ0 BO:
Broilers. $3@4 for large and $2@2 50 for
email: Pigeons. $1 25ffil 50 per dozen for old
and $1 Mi{i2 for Squabs. _
GAME— Nominal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1904.
' Another car of Western • Poultry, making
the fourth for the"current week, was received'
Poultry ami Game.
CHICAGO, ' May 20. — CATTLE — Receipts,
7C0Q- !>teady: good to prime Bteers, $5 25#5 "5;
rxwr'to medium, $4 S0@5 25: stockers and feed
ers $3 23^4 05: cows, ?1 75©* 70; heifers.
S2 0005 45; canners. $1 75@2 75; bulls, $2 25#
4 35; calves. 52 00@5 50; Texas fed steers, $4Jp
4. C5. ¦ .
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 25,000; to-morjow,
25,000; steady; mixed and butchers. • 94 459
4 CO; good to choice heavy, $4 55@1 C5; rough
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
COHFAQNIS G2N2SALS TRA93ATL1HTI3B2.
P1KECT LINK TO HA V RE-PARIS. j^.^
EaiUns every Thursday instead *« *L}£X&
Saturday, at 10 a. m.: from Pl«r 42. -^Jrsv
North River, toot of Morton st. . "
First class to Ha*r«.*70 an«t upward. S-<v
end cUh to Havre. |45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES A.VD
CANADA 82 Broadway (Hudson building).
N.w Torkl J. F. FVGAZI * CO.. Paciac Co«s
A rent*. 5 McntsoiMTj arena*. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
# PASSENGER SERVICE —
Through without change. S. 3.
"Serapis'* from San Fran-
ctsco on or about June 3. 1904.
for Hamburg and principal
ports In Mexico. Central and
South America. For rates and
particulars apply at tit Mar-
ket st.. or to LENDAL -M.
GRAY. Manager. 329 Marks t
st., Sao Francisco.
8. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Tnurs., May 2B, 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. May 29. 11 a. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. June 4. 11 am.
J.D.SPRECXELS & BEOS. CO. JLiIi.TICiBt 0Ui3 513 Xir-
tn. Fnizit oasja^ftretiL, Ftar /. ?jsi: j:.
occaBics.&C6. sStSSsS
S Steamers leave Broadway-
wharves, piers 9 and 11.
San Franctuco. • .
Fcr Ketchlkan, Wrangel.
Juneau, Haines, Skagway,
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m.. May
SO. June 4. Change to Com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle*. Ta-
corr.a Ever«U. Betllngham — 11 a. m.. May "'>.
June 4. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and C. N. Ry.; at Seattle
or Tacoroa to N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (HumboWt Bay) — Pomona, 1 :"<J
p m . May 28; Spokane. 1:30 p. m.; Corcn.«.
May 3L
For Lo« Angeles (via Port Angeres and
Redondo>. San Diego and Santa. Barbara —
Scuta Rosa. Sundays. !» a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles <via San Pedro and Ea«t
Sun Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mont-
erey. San Simeon. Cayut-os, Port HarforJ iSan
Luis" Oblspo). Ventura an.l Hueneme.
Bonita. U a. m.. May 31. June S.
¦ Santa Cruz. 9 a. m. (freight only). May 10. 27.
For Ensenaula. Masdalena Bay. San Jc«e <W
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. rfanta Ro-
salia, Guaymas <Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
Alaska excursions, «eason 1004 — The palatial
steamship Spokane will leave Tacoma. Seattle
and Victoria. June 7. 2>, July 5,. 19. Aug. £ hi.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserred to change uteamers rr sailing dates.
TICXET OTPICUS — I New Montgom-
ery st. (Paluce Uotel>. 1<» Market «t. ami Brvm't-
wav wharves. Trelsrfct Oflce, 10 Market st.
C. I>. DUNANN. General Pa«*enser Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O, R. & Af.' CO.
COLUMBIA sails May 13. 27. June «. 18. and
2«. GEO. W. ELDER sails May 22. Juns I.
11 and 21. Only steamship lino to PORTLAND.
OR. ar.<l short rait line from Portland to alt
points East. Through tickets to all pdlnts.
Steamer tickets Include berth and ' meals.
Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11. a. m.
S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Mont-
gomery st. ; C. CLIFFORD. G«a. Agent Frelxht
Lept.. 3 Montgomery st.
OCEA3T T3A7ITL.
AUCTION SALES
J^, HORSES! HORSES! jfe>
On Monday. May 30, at 11 o'clock, at J. B.
KORAN'S SALES YARDS, cor. 10th and
Bryant Sts., I will sell 165 head of the
choicest younsr horses and mares that havo
been offered on this market In many a day.
They are solid block*, weighing from 100»> ti>
150O, from 2 to 7 years old. This is an op-
portunity seldom offered to Intending pur-
chasers to get choice yotmg stock at their
own prices. This sale is called by order of
Mr. John Patterson of Reno, Nev., and it Is
a well-known fact he has n.Mthe'r spared tim«
nor expense in selecting the sires and dare*
of the younc horses to b« disposed of on
next Monday to the highest bidder.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
i N. B. — I also have .".;» bead of 2 and 3 year
old males and • 5O hra J of young mares with
well bred colts by their sides that I must
dispose of before June 10. Fcr further par-
ticulars call on or address S. W ATKINS, ofilce
122 GroT» street. Phone South 2O. .
6TRS GEN 5TUSBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 3:45 A. M.. 12.3O noon. 3:15 P. il..
« ©0 P M-. 8:30 P- M. (ex. Smiday). Sundays.
S : 45 a. m!. 8^0 P. M. Leave VaCeJo. T:0O
AM »^0 A. M., 12:30- NOON. 3:15 P. M..
6 ; CO P. M. ««x. Sunday). Sundays, 7:«O A. M..
4-15 P M. Far* one way. 50o- Landing and
office Pier 2. Coot Mission st. Phono Mala
150*. ' BATCB BKOS.
To XT. S. W»7y Tard and VaHaJo.CHARGED WITH CRUELTY TO A COW.—
Wiillam Condrln. a vaquero, was arrested by
Policeman Hooper yesterday on a charge of
cruelty to animals. He lives near the Imcle
eide House, and it is alleged that for three
days be refused to give a cow either food or
drink, and because the animal lay on the
ground helpless be beat her viciously. The
cow was given to him by a dairyman because
she was consumptive. Tbe flesh waa to have
been used for chicken feed.
The Board of Education yesterday took un
der advisement the application of Miss Mary
E. Mower, a teacher in the Buena Vista School,
for a leave of absence until July 25, : 1905. on j
account of Illness. The board will investigate
the reasons for such a long leave. -
Wants Long Leave of Absence.
The friends of the Rev. I Father Joseph Mc-
Qualde tendered him a banquet last night at
the St. Francis. The following guesta wer*
present:'
Rev. Joseph McQualJe, Mayor Eugene K.
Schmit*: Captain Ferry. U. S. A.: F. L.
Pritchard. T. J. O'Brien. David Costello. John
GUmartin, James B. Smith. . Dr. D. Ragan.
John F. Seymour, H. L. Schmltx. A. Ruef,
Thomas F. Boyle. J. Dcneen. George E. Galla
gher, S. V. Costello. Dr. Charles D. McOetti
gan, Henry P. Gleason. I* F. Walsh. Dr. T. E.
Bailey.
Banquet to Father McQnalde.
Morritey goes to enjoy a deserved rest from
the arduous service he has given the Orpheum
circuit and the theater-Koing public of this
city for several years. While In the East he
will visit the leading theaters and watch for
attractions which be can later place on the
circuit and bring to this city.
John Morris*}-, the well known manager of
the Orpheum Theater, departs this morning for
the East, whore he will' enjoy a vacation and
viti: the St. Louis Exposition. Upon his ar
rival at St. Louts he will be met by Mrs. Mor
rlsey, who left on a visit to relatives some
time ago. The two will return to this city via
the Grand Canyon in Colorado in about two
weeks. ues£*f-*&'%
Popular Director of the. Orpheum
Theater to Visit the Exposition
at St. Louis.
For visitors to the World's Fair to see
the East. Reduced rates to New York
and other Eastern cities are >iow in ef
fect, via the Pennsylvania Lines, through
either Chicago or St. Louis. Tickets to
New York and Philadelphia are good via
Washington, allowing ten . days at the
national capital. Stop-ovdrs are also al
lowed at Baltimore and Philadelphia.'
For particulars, ask E. M. Poraeroy.. P.
C. A.. 621 Market street, San Francisco,
Cal. •
An Excellent Opportunity
MANAGER MORRISEY WILL
TARE TBJP TO THE EAST
The United States Civil Service Commission
announces an examination for June 15, 1004, to
secure elegibles from which to make certifica
tion to fill five vacancies in th« position of la
boratory assistant (male) in the National Bu
reau of Standards, at J90O per annum each,
and other similar vacancies as they may occur
In that bureau. Age limit. 20 to S5 years, and
applicants musit show that they have been
graduated from colleges or technical schools,
or that they have attained an equivalent edu-
Apnjy to the United States Civil Service Com
mission. Washington. D. C, or to the secretary
of the board of examiners. 501 Jackson street.
San Francisco, for application form 1312. No
application will be accepted unless properly ex
ecuted and filed with the commission at Wash
ington prior to the hour of clostng buslnesa
on June 8. 10O4. In applying for this examina
tion the exact title as given herein should be
used In the application. •
CI\H Service Xoticc.
Another passenger on the Siberia of note Is
Sir Francis Treves. the eminent surgeon. He
will be received by Vr. J. D. White of th«
Medical Society Of Philadelphia and Dr. El
linwood of the Cooper Medical College ol
this city. The different reception committeei
will go out on the transport tug Slocum,
leaving the transport dock, foot of Folsorr
street at 8:30 a. m.
The Philippine board of observation ap
pointed by the commission In those islandt
will be received this morning on arrival ol
the steamship Siberia from the Orient with
honors befitting their rank. The United State;
army will be represented by Major Parker W.
"West "on behalf of General Mac Arthur and bj
Major C. A. Devol. Representatives of th«
different mercantile societies will also jolr
in the ceremonies.
FOREIGN VISITORS TO BE
RECEIVED WITH HONORS
McAdie's thermometer is located on the roof
and protected by a miniature house. Many
people atsert that it is an ice box, however,
and the reports lend some color to this asser
tion. At any rate, the thermometer is exposed
to all the cool cea breezes. Profe«s.or Wiiuon
stated lact night that it would be "cool"
again to-day, referring, doubtless, to the of
ficial Weather Bureau thermometer.
It fceemed warm tc the rank and file yester
day, but it was all a mistake. Ask the
¦\Veatber Bureau people and they will tell
you It was cool and epringllke. The masses
bcliexed that summer was really here five dayu
ahead of schedule time, but the meteorolo
gist* on the tenth floor of the Mills building
emllcd with superior knowledge.
When sweltering humanity telephoned to sec
how n-.any • tecords were broken the weather
sharps would consult the official Government
thermometer and assert that 80 degrees was
the highest temperature of the day. Last
night the mercury had dropped deep into the
70s. •.
Professor McAdic of the Weather
Bureau Refuses to Allow Rcc
. ords to Be Broken.
GIVES HIS THERMOMETER
A COOL RESTING PLACE
For ths third time within two weeks Police
Commissioner H. W. Hutton haa been cited
by Judge Cook to appear and show cause whr
he should not be punished for contempt of
court for an alleged violation of the Injunc
tion restraining the police from interferinr
with the restaurant business of Jean Poa. 1129
Dupont street. He was purged of contempt oa
two trials.
Late on Wednesday afternoon Attorney
George D. Collins obtained a citation ordering
the Commissioner to appear before the Judge
to show cause why he should not be punished
for contempt In connection with the arrest on
Saturday night of eight Inmates of 1120 Du
pont street. The case was called before the
Judge yesterday morning and at the request of
Attorney Collins, who 1« to go East on busi
ness, it was continued until August S.
The Judge has yet to render his decision en
Collins' application to keep In force the order
restraining the police from tervlng the forty
two warrants obtained from Police Judge Ca
baniss for the arrest of forty-two of the In
mates.
Police Commissioner Hutton Again
Appears Before Judge Cook for
Violation of Pon's Injunction.
CITK1) FOR THIRD TIME »
VOn CONTEMPT OF COURT
William Hampshire took unto himself a
bride in tho person of Miss Bertha Kewnig, ltt
years of age. on Tuesday afternoon, and on
Wednesday afternoon he was arrested with
Daniel Hlgelow on Harrison-street wharf on
suspicion of committing numerous thefts along
the water front. Yesterday afternoon he ac
companied Policeman McGowan to several
places where stolen articles could be found
and wa3 released from custody. Blgelow is de
tained pending further investigation. Hamp
shire is but 21 years of age.
•lailcrl Day After Marriage.
p. J. Healy, representing the Fairmount
Club, tald that the firm was abusing it» priv
ilege tr.d the surrounding rwdrnts rould l>e
relieved only by makinx a park of the prop
erty. Supervisor Braur.hart f.aid It would be
uselfts to provide for a park in the locality
because ' the Mayor would veto the Item Just
as he had vetoed the ordinances extending the
prohibitory limits tor rock crushing.
The committee requited the CItytngineer
to advise It whether Gmy Bros, are excavat
ing below the official grade on Thirtieth street
near Castro. This action was taken on com
plaint of the Kairmount Improvement Club,
whose i«pres»;ntative wanted the City Attorney
to institute i^rocet dings against the firm.
The Finance Committee wa* aeked to ap
propriate $IMO lor the purchase of land for
the extension of Manchester etreet to Bctbie
blreet.
With a view to driving Gray Bros*, rock
crusher away from Thirtieth street near Cas
tro the Supervisors' Street Committee yester
day requested the Finance Committee to con
demn for public park purposes the two blocks
<if land bojnded by Noe, Thirtieth, lJiamond
and Twenty-ninth. This action was taken In
response to a request of Fairmount pro|>erty
owners.
Fairmount Residents Prevail on Street
Committee to Recommend an
Appropriation for Relief.
WANT PARK ON THE GRAYS'
ROCK-CRCSIUNG PROPERTY
Mrs. F. S. Malone. the landlady, said yes
terday that Mrs. Watson had been ill for
several months. The autopsy by Dr. Baca-
K-alupi thowed that Mrs. Watson died of
cerebral apoplexy, with complications of heart
and stomach troublvx. She was Vi years old.
A curious feature surrounding Mrs. Watsons
death is that her b<:dy was not claimed from
the Morgue until after two days. Then her
two sisters in Oakl&nd appeared and had the
corpse conveyed to an undertaking establish
ment. They said the reason for the delay was
that they were not informed of their sifters
Kev Herbert Parrlsh came to the Morgue
yesterday and said -there were several sus
picious features surrounding the old woman s
death and that several months ago she had
tuld him she had given her brother. 11. Qulg
ley $11 000 to Invest in the Red Cloud cop
ier" mine at Cazadero, In this State. If ahe
did Rev. Herbert Pa'rrish was the only one
cocnizant of the fact that she had that sum
When interviewed yerterday he said he ha.l
no personal knowledge of the dead woman's
possessions, but that he--ha«l taken her word
that fhc had $5000 in bank. She was or.e of
the parishioners of the Church of the Advent
nt Eleventh and Market streets, over which
Rev. Mr. Parrlsh presides. ./-•
A partial report from the city chemist In
dicated that the stomach of the dead woman
wa» In a normal condition.
Dr D B. Piymlr^ reported to the Morgue
officials last night that he had been^ treating
Mrs Watson for a year prior to her death for
gall stones liver trouble and heart failure.
Mrs Frances Watson, once the wife of
Charles S. Watson, now dead, who was con
nected with the Board of Fire Commissioners,
died Tuesday last at the residence of Mrs.
F S Malone at 2 Rose avenue, she had
been ailing for a long time and Dr. IMymire
had been in attendance on her for several
months. At the time of her death he was
not in the city and Dr. Bell was called. The
hours between 0:30 a. m. and 4:30 p. m. were
passed before a doctor could be secured to
view the body. Mrs. Watson was found lying
dead In her room.
Preacher Intimates She Was Mur
dered for Money, but Facts
Seem to Disprove Claim.
Albert Manic Hauser pleaded guilty to
having stolen $400 worth of gold bullion from
the. Mint, in which Institution he had been
employed as a. mclter. He was ordered to ap
pear for sentence, at 11 oVlock this morning.
Luclnda Dlxon, a plump and comely Indian
Kiri of Redding, appeared before United States
Disirict Judge de Haven yesterday to re
ceive sentence on her plea of guilty, having
raised a postal money order from two dollars
to twenty dollars at Redding. Judge de
Haven sentenced her to pay a fine of $300 or
to bo confined In the Alameda County Jail
until the fine !s paid. In the case of inability
to pay the fine Luclnda may bs released at
the expiration of thirty days upon taking tho
paujer's oath.
Albert Merck Hauser Pleads Guilty
to Steallns Gold From the Melt
ing-Room of the Mint.
COMELY INDIAN MAID
GOES TO ALAMEDA JAIL
DEATH OF OLD WOMAN
AROUSES SUSPICION
St. Brendan's parish is to hold a picnic at
El Campo on Saturday. June 11. Doats will
lea\e Washington street, pier No. 3, at 0
anJ 11 a m. and return at 5 and T p. m.
Many valuable prizes will be competed for.
The committee on arrangements consist 3 of
J. J Donohue (chairman). Kev. J. Uoger«
(treasurer). Kev J. A. Butler (secretary). H.
O'Connor J. Crwdon, J. H. Dolan. J. Derby.
M J Gavan. T. Cleary. N. Sigglns, J. Snow,
T Cavanagh t?r. C. Dalton. T. Cavanagh Jr..
J Leary. J. H'nnessy. L. Burke, T. Fitz
patrlck. N. McGiIloway. J. Sh-a. F. Lemey.
H KHroy. Gate committee — J. Cog;hltn, N.
SISKins, N. McGiIloway. P. J. Sheeny.
The committee consists of J. C. Ryan vchalr
man>. Frank J. Weiss (secretary). Hec. P.
O' Cornell (treasurer). J. Twomy. M. O'Con
nor. J. Glachen. P. Flanagan. J. Flanagan. B.
Horrlg'an. Charles Crowley, E. Keatlne. Miss
M. Clarke. J. Foley. Miss N. Toohis. Mrs. B.
Curtis. P. Landers. D. Grace, P. Crowe. H.
Brten J C. l>aly, D. O'Harra. J. ooilfrey.
1\ Manion. T. Keohane and J. C. Welch.
St Teresa parish will enjoy Its annual
cuting and reunion at El Camro on Wednes
day June 15. Boats will leave Mission *trcet.
pier No. 1. at 0:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m. and
will return from Kl Camro at 5 and 6:30 In
the evening. The tickets will be 75 cents f^r
adults and cMlrfren 40 cents. Special music
ha* been enicaeed and there will be games for
young and old, for which special prizes liave
been secured by the committee on ananse
ments.
St. Teresa and St. Brendan Congre
gations Preparing for Excursions
to El Campo In June.
TWO PARISHES WILL HOLD
-THEIK ANNUAL OUTINGS
Burnett"* Extract of Vantlln pr»
pared from selected Vanilla Beans. *
calculated for a party of twelve, and
is fringed and ornamented highly. The
diameter is two and two-thirds yards.
The center is of white satin-faced
damask with lining of yellow, the color
of the eschscholtzia. The trimming is
lace. In Battenberg are worked mar
guerites, conventionally. On the mar
gin are twelve letters that spell out
San Francisco. On each letter is em
broidered the eschscholtzia in bud.
ilower and foliage in natural colors.
On the accompanying napkins the let
ters and poppies are worked in min
iature. The design is strictly Califor
nium The committee engaged J.
Alexander Eustace to produce the
banquet set, which he has done free of
cost to the city.
Brownstone. who applied for s/athcrity t3 cel
led certain moneys alleged t-> be du» th* city
from the State. Lcne says th» conditions ar»
such as would prevent the performance of Ms
full duty under the section of th« charter de
fining the duties of tho City Attorney. .
The import of Burse's accusation is
that Regan attempted to use his of
ficial position to promote his personal
•business interests. The Commissioner
Represents a local insurance concern
s'nd the saloon man asserts that about
three month? ago Regan approached
hi/n on the subject of taking out a
policy on his property. Busse replied
•that he carried all the insurance he
desired and refused to take out more.
'Then Regan is alleged to have told
Busse that it would be well for him
•to accede to the request, as he might
\yant a favor from the Police Commis-
Fior.er at some future time.
. The mutter was then dropped until
th.e niprht of May 11, when Regan
Called Policemen Harry Seguine from
:jno\hfT boat and finding a minor in a
dance hall above Busses saloon, ar
rested the latter and took him to the
/•ity HkII police station. In the Po
*J!ce Court Busse was acquitted, but
the ciise was carried before the Po
"lfce Cnmir.issionfrs and Busse was
. « it*d to appear and give cause why
his license should not be taken from
him. Busse s:iys his refusal to give
Regan the insurance . led to the ar
rest and citation on the revocation of
his license. He alleges malicious
prosecution and threatens that if he
does not secure vindication at the
hands of the Police Commissioners he
¦M.ill carry the case to a higher tri
bunal.
•ilr. R<*an eattrfed r^e that he had nerer
solicited any insurance from Busse. It is
«**v enc-uth for a maa I'.ke Busse. who vio
lated the 1«» by h»vtr.«- rr.'.r.or. in his r-ace
to rr.Bie thirr« acairst a r^Nie ofnc:al. but
It i, ar.othf-r thing t» pro\* them. It *e*-ma
to rr.e that thtre «u animus in Bu«»e e ac
cusation*, which I believe to be unfounded.
I think as injustice has been dcr.e to Mr.
Ke«an.
• I shaij in future pay no attention to any
eharse* cf that fcir.d ur.lest absolute proof Is
*urr.!fhe4. R'jrardir.s: the charge that R'gaa
ha* d«nar.c><5 Ru*ses hall for political ir.eet
:r ff rent fn** Re*»ri prefaced receipts ihow-
Jrs that he !-ad raid the rent.
Regan was closeted with the Mayor
for nearly an hour yesterday and at
xhf conclusion of the interview his
Honor declared that the Commission
er had cleared himself of the accusa
tions. The Mayor said:
.Mayor Schrnitz stated yesterday that
he would pay no attention whatever to
t>ie charges made by Ludwig Busse.
tfce proprietor of the Teutonia dance
Hall and saloon at 1322 Howard street,
efcainst Police Commissioner Regan.
Busse accuse? Regan of spite in
trlnglr-j? up his license before the Po
lice Commission for revocation be
cause he had refused to give Re&ar.
some of his Hre insurance.
Some time ago the committee in
charge arranged for the production of
an artistic banquet cloth and dozen
napkins to match, which will illus
trate artistic work in San Francisco,
and will undoubtedly attract the at
tention of every woman visiting the
San Francisco building. In the con
ventional way, the cloth is circular,
AX ARTISTIC PRODUCTION'.
The last of the exhibits for the San
Francisco building at the St. Louis
Exposition are about to be forwarded.
Some of them, just ' completed, are
unique. Among the list are a great
hemisphere, a topographical map of
San Francisco, scores of photographs,
statistical tables and illuminated
charts, illustrations of many phases of
life in San Francisco and works of
art. ;"
There will be in and on the build
ing a display of flags and city seals
that will largely advertise San Fran
cisco. The seals are three in number.
They will be in the reception romn in
the center of the San Francisco struc
ture. Robert T. Aitken has taken the
city seal as a model for the seals to
be used at St. Louis, but has brought
out the artistic possibilities more clear
ly. The designs will be in plaster,
three feet in diameter, and will be
bronzed. In the interior of the San
Francisco building three dozen small
flags of this city will be used decorat
ively, each being two by three feet in
size. One San Francisco flasr, nine feet
long, will hang over the main entrance
and four San Francisco flags, each
four by six feet, will be on the corners
of the exterior. With national and
State flags the display of bunting will
be very gay.
.MORE EXHIBITS READY.
Just before the excursion reached
St. Louis resolutions were adopted in
which Secretary Fletcher, the board
and the Union Pacific, Southern Pa
cific and Burlington lines were thank
ed for good service and accommoda
tions.
Manager Briggs of the California
State Board of Trade yesterday re
ceived a letter from J. A. Filcher. Cal
ifornia commissioner to the St. Louis
Exposition, relative to the board's ex
cursion, some parts of which are as
follows:
I wish to aay to you and through you to
the board that I think that your excursion,
although a little early in view of conditions
here, was a very timely and thoughtful move.
The parties who participated were representa
tive people. The more representative Callfor
nlana who are sent here to spread the gospel of
the State's glory and advantages the better
for California. Much good will come to the
State from this excursion, as all the excur
sionists will emphasize the stories that we
are telling- of the benefits which come through
residence and Investment in our State. The
California fever is abroad in the land. •¦ \\>
are confronted with It daily. I think it would
be wise, predicating the action on the success
of the board's initial excursion, to announce
immediately another excursion at a later date,
when everything at the exposition will be In
good shape, the attendance larger and the op
portunities for exploiting California propor
tionately better. Mr. Wiggins and myself and
the entire California colony agree that benefit
must come from this effort on your part. All
wli3 came speak of the delightful trip across
the continent and of the pleasure of being
here 1 am sure that those who may come
later under similar advantages will be simi
larly pleased.
GOOD WILL RESULT.
For instance, on the day that Texas
had a reception there were five per
sons in the California building to one
in that of Texas, although there was
nothing but the ordinary routine' in
the California structure. California's
forestry exhibit is also pronounced by
Secretary Fletcher to be fine. He is
of the opinion that this State will gain
large advertising from its display at
St. Louis and that the trip of the busi
ness men of California was beneficial.
1*. M. Fletcher, secretary of the
California State Board of Trade, re
turned yesterday from St. Louis. He
escorted the board's excursion party
of California business men and their
families to the exposition. According
to his version the California hortlciil
\ural and agricultural exhibits are by
far the finest in their line to be seen
on the exposition grounds, and the
California building attracts more at
tention than*any other State structure.
There is great inquiry about Califor
nia. -
Dr. Hughes was appointed a commit
tee of one to Investigate the workings
of the smallpox hospital.
The premises at 1123 Mission street
and the southwest corner of Folsom
and Ninth streets were reported in an
unsanitary condition.
A rearrangement of the schedule for
the appointment of internes at the City
Hospital to represent the various medi
cal colleges was put into effect.
Miss F. Cannon was appointed head
nurse at the Emergency Hospitals.
The United Railroads Company was
requested to place automatic gongs at
the corner of Fulton and Fillmore
streets and at the corner of Golden
Gate avenue and Fillmore street, as the
lives of persons riding in vehicles were
involved. -
W> also believe that the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals should have
tl-eir attention called to the pitiful condition
and treatment of the little calves in the dif
ferent dailies. They were tied in the darkest
and worst part of the stable, no fare being
Civon to their surroundings or condition.
The committee finds the report of -Dr. D. F.
Hagan. the Health Officer, none too strong
as regards the facts. More specifically we find
all of the dairy buildings In a most dilap
idated and neglected state. They are leaky
and in many cases even dangerous to life.
The worst part of the barn is given up to
the cows. The cow barn is poorly ventilated
and almost without light. In most instances
the udder* of the cows were covered with dirt.
The condition of the milkers was frightful,
they wearing the filthiest of clothes, and the
stools upon which they sat were unrecog
nizable from incrustations. Under the con
ditions now existing it would be Impossible for
the milkers to keep themselves clean, as they
are compelled to take care of about thirty
two cow; apiece, and besides clean the stable-
CAIiVKS IX BAD CONDITION.
Drs. Harvey, Poheim and Hughes,
the committee appointed to compel
owners of dairies to put their premises
In clean condition, also filed their re
port, in which certain recommenda
tions are made. The report says:
WORK TO BE PUSHED.
The work of Inspecting the dairies in the
counties supplying milk to San Francisco will
be pushed by your health officer, eo that
the board may be placed in possession of the
facts relating to all the dairies supplying milk
to San Francisco. Under section S, ordinance
No. 32S of the Board of Supervisors the
Board of Health fcaa power and authority to
cause a summary destruction of any structure
which proves to b« an Imminent menace or
danger to health or life and certainly the
condition of the dairies of San Francisco is of
such character, and if steps are not begrm
bv the owners to comply with our regulations
striotly I shall recommend the summary de
struction of the buildinjrs.
Health Officer Ragan yesterday sub
mitted to the Board of Health his re
port regarding the sanitary conditions
of sixty-seven dairies which he and his
inspectors investigated during the last
week. The report shows that the sani
tary condition of fifteen dairies is very
poor, that of thirty-four is poor and of
eighteen fair. The milk of fifty-one
dairies was found good In quality as
regards butter fat, and sixteen dairies
had poor milk. The condition of cows
and the feed supply was all good but
one, and the water supply was good in
all dairies. Dr. Ragan's report says:
A ptrson»l insy«ct!on of thre« days follow
ing- your last meetlnjr retult*d in even an ox
nsgrrated condition o£ uncleanness in the
dairies. I have visited «ome sixty dairies and
I cannot consclentlouily recommend any of
these as sanitary- For a rigid dairy inspection
I detailed the chief food Inspector and two
of hia assistants, the milk Inspectors and the
two dairy lni-pectors to cover all work In the
city ar.d county. I have their special reports
and from them I cannot commend a single
dairy, a? I stated in my origlnal^jeport.
Saloon 3Ian Still Insists
That He Is the Victim
of 3Ialicious Prosecution
Committee Recommends Sev
eral Regulations for Im
provement of the Evils
Fletcher Returns From East
and Reports That Interest
in California Is Intense
WILL TAKE NO ACTION
HE WOULD REPEAT IT
FIXD SOtfE MILK GOOD
"The best place for fellows of
your kind is at the end of a rope." was
one of the things said by judge Mogan
to H. M. Leland, charged with vag
rancy, battery and disturbing the
peace. Then his Honor informed Mr.
Leland that to-day he will be sentenced
to the full penalty for each of his three
offenses, which means that he will be
sent to the County Jail for fifteen
months.
Leland was arrested last Sunday
morning for beating his young wife in
a saloon at Jackson and Kearny
streets. The woman testified that since
she married him last January she has
been compelled to support him, and
that when she received a summons,
accompanied by a railroad ticket, to
return to her parents at Santa Maria
the fellow insisted that she remain
with him. She ran away from him,
and when pursued she sought refuge
in the saloon where he assaulted her.
After slashing her with a knife he
struck her upon the head with a bottle,
and when she fell as a result of the
blow he kicked her.
The woman was an unsophisticated
William Yakowski, a carpenter, did
all the plumbing needed in the renova
tion of a flat at 913 Folsom street, and
Agent Hobro of the Health Board had
him arrested for practicing plumbing
without a license. The work done by
Mr. Yakowski was both unsanitary and
uncouth, Agent Hobro informed Judge
Morgan, and must be torn out. When
the owner of the property, a Mr.
O'Rorke. 1 is brought into court to ex
plain why he. engaged an amateur
plumber the Judge will prescribe Mr.
Yakuwski's punishment.
• • •
Miss Mersage and infant live with her
married sister, Mrs. Thomas Black, at
118A Langton street. Halsey resides
with his wife and his mother and is
employed in a Mission-street tile fac
tory.
James F. Halsey. a former deputy
county clerk,' and now a candidate for
appointment as ¦ a policeman, can
not be compelled by law to
support his illegitimate minor child.
The mother of the babe, Miss
Mamie Mersage, proved its pater
nity pretty thoroughly yesterday to
Judge Cabaniss, but his Honor could
find nothing in the statutes to enable
him to make Halsey contribute to tne
expense of its maintenance, and the
case was dismissed. Mrs. Pettie, agent
of the Universal Service Society, who
is championing the cause of Miss Mer
sage, announced her intention of pros
ecuting Halsey for seduction.
Under the California statutes an il
legitimate child is fatherless. Its male
parent is morally but not legally
obliged to provide for Its Keeping. ,
While he was "keeping company"
with Miss Mersage, and prior to her
maternity, Halsey married another
young woman who a few weeks
later became a mother. Miss
Mersage testified that to- her he
denied being married, and when
she presented him with proofs
to the contrary he promised to obtain
a divorce and make her uis wife just
as soon as he could legally do so. When
her baby was born, however, he de
clared he was not responsible for it.
She proved that he haa registered her
as his wife at a Mission-street hotel.
Judge Mogan gave Mary Hawley four
months' imprisonment for stealing $25
from Albert Oleson while he slumbered
in a Mission street lodging-house, to
which she had escorted him. It was the
woman's third offense of that kind.
The charge of obtaining money by
false pretense against C. E. Hyman
was dismissed by Judge Cabaniss. It
was on May 1 that Hyman obtained
from Dan Cullen, a Sutter street sa
loon-keeper, the sum of 555 by giving
him a check for that amount drawn
upon the Anglo-Californian Bank, with
a request that its presentation for pay
ment be deferred until May 5. On that
date Cullen was informed by the bank
people that they held no funds to Hy
man's credit. Under the law the alle
gation of false pretense was not proved,
as the evidence failed to show that Hy
man did not have funds in the bank'at
the time the check was drawn.
Otto, who is an amateur instrument
alist, resides with his brother Walter at
214 Austin avenue, and it was Walter's
unwarranted use of a cornet belongingto
Otto that led to the latter's crazy con
duct and subsequent arrest. Picking up
a sword cane he chased Walter from
the house and was yelling like an In
dian and wildly brandishing the weap
on behind his fleeing and affrighted
brother when Patrolman Frary stopped
the pursuit on Bush street, near Van
Ness avenue.
Walter opined that Otto is "music
mad," and Otto's demeanor in court
certainly served to justify that opinion.
Judpe Cabaniss remanded the case of
Otto Schultz. carpenter, to the Insanity
Commissioners, as the man showed un
mistakable symptoms of dementia while
ho was in court, and the testimony cf
witnesses indicated that he was of un
sound mind.
* * •
While walking along Eddy street
Wednesday evening the complainant
was suddenly assailed by Stephenson,
who struck him on the jaw, while
Harning attacked him from behind. In
court yesterday Schiok professed ina
bility' to. accouift for the assault until
StephenEon stated that one day last
week he inadvertently left a purse
containing $10 upon a counter
in . the Schick drug store, and
that when he returned and looked
for it a few minutes afterward it had
disappeared. Schick then remembered
the incident, and explained that the
purse had been picked up by a cus
tomer, from whom he subsequently ob
tained it under threat of exposure. He
was ready to restore the receptacle and
its contents to Stephenson, but did not
see that individual again until the as
sault took place, and then did not
recognize him.
Judge Mogan has given himself until
June 2 to digest the testimony in the
assault case of G. Schick. a Market
street druggist, against Clifford B. Ste
phenson, photographer, and William A.
Harning, bartender.
Diedrich Schween, a grocer's clerk, was
tacking a sign to an awning at Fourth
and Mission streets when Arthur H.
Armitage annoyed him in some manner
as 'yet unexplained, and Diedrich struck
him upon the head with a hatchet,
knocking him down and out. Diedrich
will be sentenced for battery.
• • - »
country maiden seeking employment In
the city when Leland met and married
her.
Mayor Schmitz Pronounces
the Police Commissioner
Guiltless of the Charges
Commissioner Filcher Says
Excursion to St. Louis Is
Sure to Benefit the State
Health Officials File Un
favorable Reports Regard
ing Sanitary Conditions
Candidate for Appointment on the Police Force Cannot Be
Compslled to Provide 'for His Natural Minor Child,
Although the Mother Clearly Proves Its Paternity
CLEARS REGAN
OF ALL BLAME
MANY DAIRIES
IN BAD SHAPE
TRADE BOARD'S
TOUR PRAISED
LAW'S DEFECT ENABLES
"JIM" HALSEY TO ESCAPE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", FRIDAY, MAY 27; 1904
Cannot Receive Information.
City Attorney Lone advised the Sup«rvi«or*
yesterday that It would b« Impossible for him
to receive conflJcntUl tnformaticn from I* A.
Special round-trip tickets. $ 1 0, : include
railroad fare and two days' board at the
famed Hotel Del Monte. Leave ' San
Francisco next ' Saturday ; or Sunday.
Through . parlor • car to the hotel. Golf
links never greener and surf bathing ts
delightful. •
Decoration Day at Del M onte.
16
No return in 14 years. Mrs. Maitland
writeb, under date of Feb. 34. 1503, that
the care is permanent.
" It affords me much pleasure to In-
form yoa that it is fourteen years since
my boy waa cared of the terrible skin
disease from which he suffered.
" He has been permanently cared and
Is hearty and strong."
C» «m «TchMaiatt CeM< Pitta. Sew win at mx
ke.« fcj.i r.™. *i« «• I* ratal ¦«¦*». UT CotuihM
¦M Tmttr Drat ¦ C%mtt. C«j», tatarwrrwton.
••» Scat to * H»" w> Can Svarr THmnir "
" He waa bad abont eight months
when we tried Caticura Remedies. I
h&d not laid him down in his cradle in
•the daytime for a long time. He had
got to 'that he just slept in oar arms all
the time. I waBhed him with Caticnra
Soap and put on one application of
Cctlcnra Ointment and he was so
Moothed that I pat him in the cradle.
You don't know how glad I felt when be
felt better. It took one box of CuUcnra
Ointment, pretty near one cake of Cutl-
cara Soap, and about half a bottle of
Quticura Resolvent, to care. I think
our little boy woald have died only for
the Cuticura Remedies, and I shall al-
ways remain a firm friend of them."
'" : Mrs. M C. MAITLAND, Jaefkb,
Ontario.
" When ny little boy wis abont thre«
months old bis herd broke out with a
TtAh. which was very itchy and ran cob-
•VierEble w&tcry fluid. We tried every-
thing we could, bot he got worse all the
time till It spread to his arms, legs, and
then to his entire body, and he got so
.bad that he cict uear dying. The rash
would itch so that he would scratch till
the blood ran, and a thin yellowish staff
•woald be all over his pillow in the morn-
.tng. 1 had to pat mittene on his hands
xo keep him from tearing his skin around
hia wrists. He got so weak and rnn
tfowe that he took fainting spella like
we woald think him dying. He was al-
'tnost a skeleton and his little hands
were thin like claws.
end Permanent
One Application Soothed Him to
Sleep. Cure Speedy
Cured bycuticura
From tn Awful Skin Hunwur.
Scratched Till Blood Ran.
Wasted to Skeleton.
GAME NEAR DYING
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4% n n n DM Outfits. Gucs. Ammunt-
01 H UH I tlrn . yiihlrx and Outtn*
111 IU1 U Good*. Tents «nd Gun« to
IfUlHfiR R* nt - CATALOG FREE.
LI It Itf I I FHREVE & BARBER CO.
¦¦¦¦¦¦ 739 Market «C
£21 Ktarny it.. S. J".
9 }
! BARGAINS |
! Friday and Saturday. j
S Another GREAT MONEY - SAVING OPPOR- j
2 TUNITY ON FASHIONABLE GARMENTS, *
O • to be on sale for the NEXT TWO DAYS. \
• $12.50 Silk Coats \
J 120 Fashionable Tailor-Made With or without capes, the <
• Suits, black, navy and newest trimming, at j
g brown, $17.50 to $«> value, $? 5Q $ g 5Q and $1 q.qq j
0 will be onjale at. .$12-50 Reg %
• $15.00 — 1
5 85 Novelty Suits, in plain and Lllietl SkirtS c
• fashionable mixture, Eton _, fl
S and blouse effect, regular The pure linen only — Tan, j
© $25 suit, on sale at.. $15.00 well made, at the special J
1 CC~c:n lowpricesof c
• 3>O.5U ...$1.50, $2, $2-50 and $3 0
• Shirt Waist Suits, made of J
2 good quality fancy mohair, _.-- _, . _, . 4
S handsomely' trimmed; most White Linen Skirts-The real %
• reasonable at $12.50, on butcher linen, with lace m- «
O sale at $8*50 sertion and many tucks ; 8
§ T1 , , ~~ c c ., t cu:-* reeular value, $6, £7.30 and c
x The balance of our Silk Shirt fe ' 4
© Waist Suits at $8.50, on sale at c
O $9-00 and $1000 $450, $5 and $6 f
S €
S 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET |
\\ BLATZ method is generally commented |
>Ji on as most remarkable and unique, for 1
the reason that in most every par- i
VgpiX 0 ticular it is original from a brewer's |
/n^l point of view. i
If \$% The very choicest of every com- g
M \% ponent part of the Blatz brews is 1
\A Jj£ the invariable rule. Only the best i
J\ vvn of Mother Earth's crop is ever con- I
I sidered - The result is a beer of I
1 >|jj? honest quality with a goodness all 1
L V \^sl its own. ¦ , If
71 \>^^ Always the Same Good Old" Blatz:" 1
fct^I^^-^ BLATZ M ALT- VI VINE -(Non-Intoxicant) 1
V >n !¦ '" ' A MALT TONIC tf|
PYTlI ~ For Convalescents and Run-Down Systems. H
W VAL BLATZ BREWING GOm Milwaukee I
lib, . SAM BIBO <Sb CO., I
v WHOtlSALE DEALERS, 211i BATTEST STBEET, |B
"*¦' - - ' fian ¦Pranciaco. Tal. Main 6859. »
30 BEST SODA CRACKERS. 0c
BEST SXJOAK K>. 5Hc
Extra fine dry granulated. Ipreckels says pries
will advance to $ti ptr sack when
fruit season icrins.
BEST EGGS. LARGE SELECT. 2 DOZ. 13c.
CAItrOBNIA CHEEJE lb. lOe
Mild and rich. Mad? fr»m pure ereara only.
L'sual Dc.
NEW CALIFORNIA WALNUTS. LB. 10c.
XTirW POTATOES, La^a. . .12 lbs. '27>r
Best Burbar.k. Cook dry and mealy. About
half what ctfcrrs ask.
20c SICILY LEMONS DOZEN lOe.
BEST JAVA ft MOCHA COTTTH.Tb. 2.T>C.
• Paying more is cummen. Better CoCee i» n^ t
possible. Usualar ZSc
TANGLEFOOT FLT PAPER. 10 SHEETS 30c.
Best Creamery Butter, sq. 331c
Choice of all best Humbcldt Creameries. Now
is th« time to pack butter for
winter. Usually 4Oc.
33c CREAMERT BUTTHR AT 8>.
TONIO POBT WJLMH r»L gl.1.%
Ten-year-cld wine. Paying drugstore price j
for good wines is a thing of the
past. Usually S1.75.
C5c PORT OR SHERRY. BOTTLE ir»c.
zinrArruEi. wise pal. 45c
Good old rea wine. We are> «!ad to furnish
samples. Usually 63c.
SATURDAY OTGHT 0WX.Y.
KZHOAJf SOILED SAM lb. 20c
Most dealers charge ."STic. For quick lunch,
or sandwich.
1 19 TAYLOR STREET.
1001 FILLMORE ST.
FL Special Sales fl 1
Every Week |j
China \\
Crockery jj
Glassware [\
Enamel Ware h
Household Goods
o Watch Our » U
J^" Stores. |
W Prices Talk. H |
g 1 It Pays to Trade I ft
Great American Importing Tea Go's I
Stores toe TOrd I
E«lMaxV«t V.O Grant are, 1419 Polk H
140 Sixth 1&19 Dvriaadero 705 Larkm H
«75 Haigrht »0* Sixteenth 355 Hayes ft
3285 Mission 5Z1 Mon tx'r «?«. S3 Market B
3X58 Fillmore 2516 Mission 146 Ninth S|
366 Third *fO Fourth 2T3C J4th ffi
Save Expense
and save a fit of sickness by having
Beecham's Pills in the house and
taking one when you first notice
anything going wrong. You will
feel well, look well and keep well
if you will learn to use
Beecham's
Pills
' Bold Everywhere. In boxes 10c. and SJfc
¦ "VanVroom"!
| DENTAL PARLORS I
y SIXTH and MARKET J|
. TMTtTPTTSgWBWTg.