PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, ; TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1904.
GREAT ASSEMBLAGE OF CALIFOllXIA'S SOLID MEM
FORMS RIVER IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION FOR
FINAL BATTLE AGAINST DEVASTATING DELUGES
Continued - on Pago ¦ 2, '• Column 2.
Senator .Stands Journey, but la Grad
ually Growing Weaker^ — Sauer- ,
kraut Cause of Illness.
PHILADELPHIA.- May 23.— Senator
Quay has returned to his old home at
Beaver, thoroughly convinced that his
case is hopeless. He stood the journey
well, but is rapidly growing weaker to
night. The Senator's sickness is d*io
to an overindulgence in his favorite
dish of sauerkraut.
QUAY GIVES UP IIOPE
AND RETURNS TO BEAVER
Director, in Letter, Incidentally
Estimates Population of United
Stntrs at 89,011,-136.
WASHINGTON. May 23.— In a letter
defending, the' estimate of population
recently Issued by the Census Bureau
Director North incidentally gives an
estimate of 'the population of the
United States under the census to be
taken In 1310, . placing the figures . at
£9.00,436.
NORTH DEFENDS FIGURES
OF THE^CENSUS BUREAU
.WASHINGTON, May 23. — At the
imperial German embassy official an
nouncement Is made that the wedding
of Miss Ivy Langham, sister of the
Baroness Speck von Stemburg, the
German Embassador, to Lieutenant
Commander Vicomte de Faramond de
Lafajole, naval attache . of the French
embassy, will occur at St. Matthew's
Church at 11 o'clock Tuesday morn
ln. May 24. ¦
Wedding of Miss Ivy Lansham to
French Diplomat to Occur at
* Washington To-Day. -'.-;
WILL EXCHANGE VOWS
AT ST. 3IATTHEWS CHURCH
The Panama Congress has provided
for the coinage of subsidiary currency
to the amount of about $1,500,000. The
Colombian silver, now current on the
isthmus, will be melted down and re
coined at the San Francisco Mint. The
new coins will correspond - to the
"conants" now used In the Philippines.
San Francisco Mint Will Provide
With Silver
Currency.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— Down in
Panama, where American dollars, Mex
ican dollars, South American dollars
and any kind of gold have always
proved thoroughly acceptable to the
natives, there will soon appear a num
ber of official coins of the republic
which owes its being to the isthmian
canaL
NEW REPUBLIC TO HAVE
>A COIN OF ITS OWN
ST. JOHN, N. B.. May 23. — A mes
sage received here from the south
branch of Oromocto Lake states-that
John H. Thomson, a wealthy vessel
owner; E. P. Stavart, Inspector of the
Bank of New Brunswick, and R. P.
Foster, manager of the Royal Bank of
Canada, all of this city, probably have
been drowned while fishing. Their
boat, overturned, was found to-day.
Finding of Overturned Boat on Lake
Oromocto Causes Search for
Amateur Nimrods.
FEAR DROWNING IS FATE
OF WEALTHY FISHERMEN
NEW YORK, May 23. — It was an
nounced' to-night that detectives from
the District Attorney's office have been
searching in - vain for Dr. R. C.
Flower. Dr. Flower is under bonds
to appear in the Court of General Ses
sions to-morrow to stand trial on five
indictments charging grand larceny in
connection with the failure of the Ari
zona Eastern and Montana Ore De
velopment Mining Company. For
some time he has been out on $23,000
bail, furnished by Mrs. Cornelius
Storrs. widow of the late Deputy Con
troller.
Sleuths Unable to Locate Physician
Who Is Enjoying Freedom Un
der Heavy Bonds.
DETECTIVES MAKE ¦ VAIN
SEARCH FOR DR. FLOWER
CARTHAGE, Mo., May .23. — The
Dunkards, or the German Baptist* of
the United States, met here to-day in
annual conference, with more than
100 delegates present. One of the
first acts of the conference was the
adoption of a motion to change the
name of the organization. Hereafter
they are to be known only as German
Baptists, and not as Dunkards.
One of the First Acts of the Confer
ence at Carthage Is to Adopt
New Title.
DUNKARDS TAKE NAME
OF GKR3IAN BAPTISTS
Gage is immensely wealthy' and de
clared he would disinherit his 19
year-old granddaughter, but he re
lented and the young couple will re
turn to Wyoming after an Eastern
visit and live in the West on a fine
ranch donated by Jessie's grand
father.
The cultured Eastern girl not only
won the heart of Rollinson, but those
of other cowboys. One night at a
dance strenuous objection was en
tered because Rollinson danced too
frequently with Miss Jessie. Rollin
son was given fifteen minutes to leave
town. He did not go and a fight en
sued, in which, luckily, no one was
killed. The grandfather, who had fol
lowed his granddaughter West, ob
jected to the suit of the young man
because he did not know him. so early
one morning Rollinson and Jessie
eluded the grandfather and flew to
Gering, Neb., where they were mar
ried.
OMAHA, May 23. — Three years ago
Jessie Evarts and "Jack" Rollinson
attended school in Buffalo, N. T. Now
they are man and wife, after passing
through a long string of startling sit
uations. A year ago young Rollinson.
who is but 21 years of age, left home
for Hartville. Wyo., where he be
came a cowpuncher. "While there he
learned that Mrs. C. D. Fletcher of
the mining camp was mother of the
Jessie Evarts he had known at school.
Jessie had not seen her mother since
she was a small child. She had been
living with her grandfather, named
Oage, until a few months ago. She
was sent to Wyoming to visit her
mother.
"Jack" Rollinson Fights for Bride
and Finally Wins Home and
Forgiveness.
PLUCKY COWBOY'S WOOIXG
BRINGS HI3I HAPPINESS
LONDON, May 23. — It is learned
that the gravity of the Tibetan situa
tion is spoiling the Cabinet's enjoy
ment of its "Whitsuntide holiday. It
is believed by those in closest touch
with the condition of affairs in Tibet
that Colonel Younghusband will be
forced to retire from his position near
Gyangtse soon. > This, it is pointed
out, will prove a blow to British pres
tige in Tibet, for It is possible that
such retirement will arouse the fron
tier tribes and force the campaign for
a conquest of the whole Hlmalyan
hinterland. The task would prove an
incalculably . difficult one. Viceroy
Curzon is now blamed for supposing
that the Tibetans were a spiritless na
tion. It is evident that they have the
fighting spirit common to all moun
taineers.
Fears Withdrawal of Younghusband
Will Be JRlow to British Prestige.
Blames Curzon.
ENGLISH CABINET WORRIES
OVER TIBETAN* SITUATION*
The disastrous floods which occunwd during:
the winter Just passed have called attention
In an emphatic degree to the . Importance : of
tti* river system* of the StaU of Calif.ornia,
The platform adopted is in part a
plan for the education of the public,
but it also outlines a scheme of prelim
inary work for river improvements of
the widest scope. In accordance with
Its provisions the convention will to
day appoint a committee of twenty
flve empowered to establish a commis
sion of: engineers. It will be the duty
o^ this commission to submit to, the
next Legislature", a plan for such per
manent changes In the drainage sys
tem of the great valleys as will pre
vent the damaging floods that are now
destroying so much of the. State's
Here is the platform in full:
,. . Half a thousand solid men of busi
ness, industry, science and commerce,
representing all parts of the great Sac
ramento and San Joaquin valleys, met
yesterday in the Maple room at the
Palace Hotel and organized a move
ment of the first importance to the
vast interior of California, and of hard
ly less moment to the entire State. It
was the first session of the "River
Convention." called by the commercial
bodies of Sacramento, Stockton, -Fresno
and other interior cities, in connection
with the California Promotion Commit
tee and leading San Francisco organi
zations. No recent gathering in this
city has stood for interests so vast or
debated so ably questions of such wide
reaching import.
The fact that 750,000 acres of rich
lands in the valleys are under water
from the freshets of the spring, that
nearly 100,000 acres of actual farms, the
finest in California, have been buried
beneath the floods by the breaks in the
Sacramento levees, and that the dam
age to the agricultural interests of the
State already is estimated at more
than $5,000,000, constituted the imme
diate cause of the convention. Its aim
was Jo discuss ways and means to meet
this situation, not by temporary make
shifts, effective for. this year or a few
years, but by a comprehensive plan of
river improvement that will, for good
and all, open ample outlet for the
mountain floods, reclaim the vast areas
now annually inundated and secure
against future deluge all these rich
deltas. The convention is largely edu
cational, and the keynote of all its de
liberations is the need of organizing
public sentiment throughout the State
to back so great an undertaking.
With this end in view, the platform
adopted last evening on report of the
committee on resolutions embraces the
most vital work of the gathering. But
the papers read, the informal speeches
delivered and the debates keenly fought
out were all noteworthy.
THE FLAN OP CAMPAIGN'.
'-'< It is recommended that this 'convention form
itself . Into a ' permanent organization - to ' be
known a* the RIVER IMPROVEMENT. AND
DRAINAGE ASSOCIATION OP CALIFORNIA^
and that 'each memberlof this -convention- be
a ¦ member -thereof and : that said . association
shall also - admit • to • membership ' such other
persons of ¦' the : State ¦' of California as are ' la
»vThatsald general committee -select from It*
number^ a. president: .and a committee -of six
members . who. , with the President.", shall form
an executive committee. . ._ ... ....
: We recommend that for the purpose of car
rying on the work of .this convention after
Its ' ¦ adjournment a general . committee - be
nominated by the delegates to this convention
from the, following '. named districts respect
ively: North of Sacramento, .4;" Sacramento
City, 2: i south of Sacramento, 3; llokelumne
River District, 2; San Joaquin River 3; Stock
ton, 2; old • river, 1; middle river,. 1- San
Francisco and vicinity, 5. , And the said .dele
gates so nominated . shall be appointed by - the
chair.'- ,-.;¦¦ -.'. i ¦'.'.' ;;-' .."."¦• ¦• ..
The National Government In the -past has
concel^d It to be Its duty to do no more than
to provide' for the maintenance of the naviga
bility of' these streams, but we note with
pleasure that the Government s«ms of late to
have adopted a more liberal policy, and In
many caccs has made provision for the per
formance of work that will benefit a large
numbfr of people where the work could not
have been done. by private enterprise.
The improvement of these rivers la a sub
ject that should engage the attention, of the
best engineering skill of the world, -We be
lieve the State 'of California Is fully awake
to the importance of adopting; any plan which,
after discussion, may seem the best adapted
to accomplish the desired result. Other States
of the Union having water systems have been
compelled to meet the question, and the time
has now arrived In California when the sub
ject should receive our earnest attention and
any plan adopted our united support.
We suggest that any plan that Is adopted
should enlist the aid -of the Federal and State
Governments and . of the property-owners di
rectly benefited by the proposed work.. Ac
cordingly, we. recommend to the convention
that- the subject of comprehensive Improvement
of the waterways of California bo as , to In
crease their facilities . for navigation and also
to protect the ', adjacent lands from overflow
oe submitted to a commission to be composed
of five engineers to be appointed as follows:
One by .the Commissioner of Public Works of
the State, one to be a United States engineer
having charge of river work in California and
thre^ other -eminent engineers residing out *of
the State of> California who have given par
ticular attention to river improvement, to^be
selected by the executive committee herein
after designated. Said engineers shall bo re
quested to report such plan in time to prepare
bills to be presented at the next session Of the
Legislature for such portions of the w L £&•¦
they may be able to report on at that time. .
We sugcest that all plans and suggestions
for the Improvement of rivers and reclamation
of lands be referred to said commission of
engineers, and that each member of this con
vention shall pledge his good faith to use all
honorable means to secure the adoption and
execution of such plans when adopted.
Inasmuch as the work to be performed by
thp non-resident- engineers , will be of vast
benefit to the whole people of the State we
respectfully request the Governor of the State
the Commissioner of Public : Works and the
auditing board thereof to make out of the' funds
at their disposal the ¦ necessary appropriations
for the payment of the., services and expenses
of. the said, engineers.'. / - ' - •
not only as navigable streams, but as water
ways for the drainage of the valleys through
which they flow. The lands lying adjacent to
these rivers arc the most fertile in the world
and are capable of supporting a large anii
prosperous population. Many millions of dol
lars have been Invested In the reclamation of
these lands and they form no inconsiderable
portion of the as5essment roll of the State.
. Mr. . Chairman. Ladies and Gentlemen:
Speaking for myself it seems that this con
vention-Is one, of -the greatest Imnjortancexnot
only for. the great valleys' of the Sacramento
and San Joaquin buf for the whole State of
California. It is a • gathering of people who
are \ Interested, directly most of you. the rest
of you indirectly. In the .reclamation of -a
body of - land, richer, perhaps than .any other
that lies undsr the sun. ; It has been subject
to great dangers, hag been the goal toward
which many men have turned their highest
ambitions, their hopes, their expectations -and
upon: which they have expended many hun
dreds of thousands of , dollars and with par
tial success they have been reclaimed. -Tho
floods of the last ; winter have v demonstrated
that ¦ Individual ¦ effort as put forth upon *• this
i Arthur R. Briggs next moved the
appointment of a committee on per
manent organization and order of busi
ness. It was also moved by P.J. Van
Loben Sels that a committee of "three
be appointed on credentials. Both mo
tions carried.
PARDEE'S WELCOjrE. \
„" Governor George C. Pardee then ad
dressed the convention. He said:
sympathy . with the movement and that the
dues be Axed at $1 per annum, payable in
advance. .. * A
Resolved. That the thanks of this convention
be tendered to the chairman. Rufua P. Jen
nings, and the .secretary. Morris Brooke, for
their services. . : .
ROBERT DEVLIN. Chairman.
LEE A. PHILLIPS.
R. M. WELCH.
JOHN W. FERRIS.
R. E. WILHOIT. ?
, E. A. FORBES. •
SAMUEL FRANKENHEIMER.
. ... P. J. VAN LOBEN SELS.
The convention was called to or
der at 10 o'clock yesterday morning
by. Morris Brooke, secretary of the
Sacramento Chamber of Commerce.
Temporary organization was immedi
ately accomplished by the selection of
Rufus P. Jennings as temporary chair
man and Morris Brooke as secretary.
Mr. Jennings, on taking the chair,
said:
It la highly gratifying to me to b« made
chairman of this convention, the objects of
which must appeal to every man who has
the welfare of California at heart. We should
keep In view the enlightenment of the people
concerning the proposition confronting them
and Its importance -to the entire State of Cali
fornia as well as to the sections more ap
parently affected. In the deliberations of this
convention the omission of . details and of
controversial subjects Is obviously desirable.
Such matters properly are within the scope
of committees.' We have before , us a (treat
problem, one that must be dealt with on broad
lines and with a ; clear , realization that in
bringing the problem to a solution we must
b»ar in mind that the good of one Is the good
Of all. i Therefore there- must be a unity of
purpose in the entire proceedings. The neces
sity for action 13 imperative. The past year's
damage by floods In lands tributary to the
San Joaquin and the Sacramento rlvtrs is
fresh In the minds of all. The damage that
will be done in the future unless some plan
of. relief Is devised no man can tell. This
great . undertaking, when accomplished, will
make our great State still greater, our people
still richer, our products still more diversified
and prove still more conclusively to the world
that Californlans are equaj to any emergency.
(Applause.) .
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, May 23.—
President Ordonez announces. a victory
over the revolutionists by the Govern
ment troops under General Nuniz.
Eighty of the revolutionists were killed
and 200 wounded.
Plans Comprehensive and Permanent Works to Con
trol Waters of the Sacramento and
the San Joaquin.
Eighty Killed- and
Turo Hundred
Wounded.
OFFICERS OF THE RIVER CONVENTION' WHICH MET IN THE PALACE HOTEL. YESTERDAY MORNING. AND THREE WELL.
KNOWN CITIZENS WHO WERE PROMINENT AMONG THE MANY ABLE SPEAKERS THAT TOOK PART IN- THE DIS
CUSSIONS AT THE OPENING SESSIONS.
Captain Bonsor of the Hazelton got
wrathy at this, and suddenly his vessel
plunged bow foremost into the broad
side of the Mount Royal. Another foot
and th° Litters engine-room would
have been flooded, so that she would
have sunk. Cartain Wood accused
Bon.«-or of purposely colliding with his
vessel. Bonsor called Wood a liar and
added many similar epithets. Each
man then sent for his revolver, and the
paFsens»rs sought the engine-rooms for
shelter. Accounts differ regarding the
number of bullets that were passed,
but no actual damage was done. Final
ly both men gave up the bombardment
as the Haz»lton got under way. The
Mount Royal is badly damaged. Her
ownera are making complaint to the
Government. .
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 23.—Pas
sengers arriving by the steamer Co
quielam from Port Essington to-day
tell of an exciting gun fight which took
place last Friday between rival steam
boat captains on the Skeena River. It
was the first trip of the season for the
two boats, the Mount Royal and the
Hazelton, which ply on that stream.
Many bets were made as to which
would reach the upper river first. The
Hazelton, Captain Bonsor, had the ad
vantage at the start and several times
jockeyed the other vessel pretty nearly
to the bank. But by a bit of luck the
Mount Royal turned the tables on her
rival and was soon zigzagging the
course! trying to keep the Hazelton
bt hind.
Special Dispatch to The Call
REBEL ARMY
IN URUGUAY
IS ROUTED
Two Riyer Captains
in Sensational
Encounter.
BOAT RACE
ENDS IS A
GUN FIGHT
Admiral Bowles continued:
"I believe that it is worth while to
have a merchant marine, and the
cheapest and most direct way to get
It would be for the Government to step
in and equalize the cost of building
ships; and then It should pay a bouity
to th<» shipowners for the additional
cost of running the ships under Ameri
can laws. This should operate for a
fixed period, 6O that capital might be
invited in."
Representative McDermott asked if
it is not a fact that the price of steel
rails r.as absolutely maintained by the
Bteel pool, and the admiral replied:
"I believe it is so."
"On July 1 of last year," he continued,
*'I made a list of the battleships and
armored cruisers building in this
country and England. To my sur
prise I found that the cost was the
same here as in England. Why? If
the American builder bid in a business
way this would be impossible. But
there has been cut-throat competition
to get the contracts for battleships.
There Is not a battleship building at a
price which the builder can afford."
Rear Admiral Bowles, president of
the Fore River Shipbuilding Company
of Quincy, Mass., said that the only
advantage we had over Knglish and
Scotch builders was in wood, very little
of which was u^ed in cargo carriers.
Steel plates here were 50 per cent
higher. The wages here exceeded those
in English yards by from 30 to 60 per
cent.
Nixon paid that foreign countries paid
526.0OO.C00 in bounties. He was in favor
cf differential duiies.
WARSHIPS BUILT AT LOSS.
"You would have to take the tariff
off everything, because everything
goes into a ship. If we had free ma
terial and free ships we should have
to have free labor, too, because you
recognize that labor is protected as
well."
C B. Orcutt, president of the New
port News Shipbuilding Company, told
the commission that ships could be
built in Ungliuid for 75 per cent less
than they can be built for here. The
cause of this difference, he asserted,
¦was that 75 per cent more was paid for
labor in the yards of this country
than in Great Britain and at the some
time there was 40 per cent in the cost
<if material in favor of the English
builders. He said the protective tariff
was responsible for the difference in
cost of material. In a later statement,
however, be corrected his estimates to
from 40 to 50 per cent.
Lewis Nixon said builders in this
country had been constructing too
pood ships for American use. There
vas no demand for the English tramp
type of vessel in this country. He said
the cost of the building here was
greater than lu England.
•Suppose you should take the duty
off :.!! ship-building materials, do you
think that would be of benefit?" asked
Senator Lodge.
HIGH' WAGES FOR LABOR.
Thomas Clyde of the Clyde Line,
the first witness called, strongly advo
cated a ship subsidy. After a deep
study of the problem he was con
vinced that this was the best course
to pursue. He presented a chart show
ing the status of the chief mari
time net ior.s of the world. The United
States stands at the bottom. All of
the nations, he said, had given aid of
some sort to natural conditions. Clyde
said the United States must pay the
builders the difference in cost of build
ing arid also enough to enable them to
operate the ships, on account of the
much higher rate paid sailors under
the American flag.
NEW YORK. May 23.— Th« Merchant
Marine Commission, authorized by the
injty-elghth Congress to consider and
recommend legislation for the develop
ment of the American merchant ma
rine, began its first session here to
day. Senator Gallingrer of New Hamp
shire Is chairman of th« commission,
¦which is coir posed of members of
both branches of Congress.
Senator Gallinger, In opening the In
quiry, pointed out that more than 90
per cent of the foreign commerce of
this country was being carried in for
rign chips and paid that the commis
sion would be fortunate if the decision
here and elsewhere sheds as much
light on the subject as would enable
It to recommend to Congress legislation
of a remedial character.
"A sympathetic strike will be adopted
only as a last resort. -If the railroad
company wants a fight we will give it.
for with the men we can call out we
can tie up all the freight transporta
tion In New York and stop the move
ment of food supplies, raw material
and poods of every sort. But we do
not want to do that if it can be
helped."
At a. meeting of representatives of
the teamsters' and freight handlers'
unions late to-night it was decided that
unless the officials of the New York.
New Haven and Hartford system con
sent to meet a committee from tho
strikers early to-morrow the tearastera
will go out in sympathy with the
freight handlers.
The freight clerks and the marine
firemen were also represented at tha
meeting to-day. About thirty delegates
acted for 58,000 employes. President
Curran says that the delegates from
the other unions pledged their support
to him for a sympathetic strike at the
moment he should ask for it. He con
tinued:
NEW YORK, May 23.— Because of a
strike of firemen and oilers on the
transfer boats of the New York. New
Haven and Hartford lines. President
Roosevelt. Mrs. Roosevelt and Secre
tary Loeb were obliged to-night to
take a cross-country route and suffer
considerable delay and inconvenience
in going from Washington to Groton.
Mass.. where the President's sons are
attending school.
The President's car left Washington
at 5 o'clock, over the Pennsylvania
road, and the party was to have come
direct to Jersey City, transfer there to
one of the New Haven boats and con
tinue the journey over the New York.
New Haven and Hartford Railway.
Whether the Pennsylvania Company
disliked to subject the President to pos
sible delays under present conditions
or feared something more serious
might occur to retard him, it changed
the route. and at Trenton hi3 car was
switched' off the main line and sent
over the Belvidere division. At Belvi
dere it was again switched to the Dela
ware and Hudson tracks, and at May
brook. N. Y., it was again transferred
to the New England road and wen*
over the Pgughkeepsle bridge.
Officials of the company would give
no. reason as ,to why the President's
route was changed. It was rumored
early in the evening 1 that the company
had been informed by strikers that the
boat would not be permitted to make
the trip and that it would be better
wisdom to take the President by some
other route.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
More Than Ninety Per Cent of Conn
try's Foreign Commerce Carried
in Alien Vessels.
Trip From Washington to Groton,
' Mass., Is Made by a Round
about Course.
Chairman Gallinger Points
Out America's Great Lack
of Merchantmen.
Private Car Not Permitted
to Cross on New Haven
Road's Ferry.
Congressional Com
mission Begins Its
Session.
Takes a Circuitous
Route on Rail
Journey.
SEEKS WAY
TO UPBUILD
OUR MARINE
PRESIDENT
IS DELAYED
BY STRIKE
Alcazar— "A Posslole Case."
California— "When. We Were
-' Twenty-One."
Central— "A Great Temptation.'*
Chntes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Ivan the Terrible. 1 *
Grand — "Pedora."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoll— "A Bunaway Girl."
THE TXXA.TZTOS.
Forecast mad* at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours ending
mid&Urfct. May 94:
Baa rraadsoo and vicinity —
Cloudy, unsettled weather Tues
day, possibly llrht shower* ;
brisk westerly winds, with for
la the afternoon and nljrht.
A. O. MoAPIE,
District Forecaster.
TIE WS&TXSS.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 170.
The San Francisco CallSPAIN LOYAL TO POPE
Vatican Eeceives Beassuring
Advices as to the Attitude
of the Paris Government
FRANCE WILLING
TO MAKE PEACE
Special Kates for the Flower Festival
at Healdsburg.
On Friday. May 27 — Parade Day — the
California Northwestern Railway will
sell tickets at $2 00 foe the round trip.
Leave Tiburon Ferry 7:30 a. m., and
on the, return leave Healdsburg at 4:35
p. m. •
.PORTLAND. Or., May 23.— Follow- 1
ing the factional fight in the syna- I
frogtie Novadzedek Talmud Torah at j
the Saturday morning services, when •
Solomon Wcinstein. a Becond-hana 1
dealer, attacked Rabbi Abbey in the j
pulpit, Weinstein and P. Nudleman
were arrested to-day on complaint of j
I. Apple, president of the synagogue,
end Cp Davidson, a trustee. The men !
Hie charged with disturbing a religious !
rervico nr.d threatening the life of 1
the rabbi! Abbey dodged the blows j
aimed at him and ran out through a '
back door. :'i, , I
llabbi's Assailant Arrested.
General Assembly of Cumberland i
Presbyterian Church in Session at
Dallas Elects to Visit California.
DALLAS, Tex.. May 23. — Only one j
cession was held to-day by the Gen- \
eral Assembly of the Cumberland ;
Presbyterian church, that being the !
Jorenoon gathering, at which one of i
th»? most important events was the de- j
rision to hold the next annual assem- !
bly at Fresno, Cal. This was accom- ¦
plished after nearly two hour's of
ppeech making on the part of those
favoring different cities. Decatur, 111.,
and Columbus, Ohio, were in the race,
bul were beaten on the first ballot.
FRESNO IS SKLI^TED '
AS NEXT MEETING PLACE
STOCKTON. May 23.— Th' Millers' !
and "Warehousemen's Association of '.
this city brought a number ot new
r.on-union men yesterday to take the ¦
places of the locked out longshoremen .
and the striking flour an€ feed packers :
in the local warehouses and mills.
The non-union men went to work j
this morning. Several policemen were
detailed to patrol the water frtfnt and ,
see that no acts of lawlessness were ;
committed.
More non-union men were due to ar- [
rive this evening: and with them the j
mills and warehouses will be fullhand- i
ed agrain. All the grain that it was
necessai y to move was successfully
handled to-day.
Places of the Locked Out
Longshoremen.
Mlllmen Import Workmen to Take
XOX-IMOX MEN AT
WOIiK IX STOCKTON
The report of the Committee on plat
form and resolutions was then pre
sented by Senator Robert T. Devlin, in
the form printed above, and at once
became the subject of a debate that
occupied the rest of the evening. Thi3
debate was, started by General "Will S.
Green's motion to strike out the section
requiring, the employment of three en
gineers from outside the State. Green
wanted the selection of the experts to
form the commission, left wholly to the
committee to be appointed by the con
vention. He was ably supported by a
number of speakers, but/ the voiqes
raised in favor of the report as it
stood were in the majority. Among
those lining up behind Green were
Russell L. Dunn. J. "W. Snowball,
Charles Cauvillaud and W. A. Beard.
Opposed to the amendment were
John W. Ferris, Colonel E. A. Forbes.
Frank D. Ryan, P. J. Van Loben Sels,
Lee A; Phillips, Robert T. Devlin and
G. W. • McNoble. These speakers em
phasized the impossibility of carrying
out the vast drainage scheme upon
which all engineers are practically
agreed unless an appropriation from
Congress can be obtained. Hence, they
argued,, i\ was desirable that. the plans
for the work should be prepared and
presented to Congress by men of na
tional or international fame, free from
the suspicion of local interest.
This view finally prevailed, and
Green's amendment was voted down
by "a big majority. The only altera
tion made in the report was adopted
on motion of A. J. Park of Hanford, in
creafcing the standing committee from
twenty-three, to twenty-flve, in Order
to give the upper San Joaquin Valley
two representatives.
The convention adjourned until 10
o'clock this morning, when the several
district delegations, will report their
nominees for this standing committee.
Other business wiN alao be transacted.
The evening session was opened with
a paper by J. W. Kaerth of Colusa on
the subject of the flood waters of the
Sacramento and their possible control.
In order to make his address more
clear, a map showinj? the present
course of the flow of wUer and the
overflow; was hunjr on the wall and at
frequent intervals Mr. Kaerth pointed
to the map to emphasize his remarks.
His contention was that levees did
little or no good, deposits of nature
offsetting such artificial work. '
L. A. Phillips of Stockton did not
have a paper because no particular
question had been assigned to him.
He took up the matter of values of
reclaimed lands. He thought the
values were high, but the southern
lands are inferior to the lands in the
delta region of this portion of the
State. In the future, and within a
few years, he expects $300 an acre
will be a reasonable price. United ef
fort on the part of all, people is the
keynote of success in matters of re
clamation, but present conditions are
a drawback to the settlement of the
lands, he said.
INTERESTING DEBATE.
of Mexico. :.~V
The convention then took a recess
until 7:30 p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
TRENTON, N. J.. May 23.—Argu
ments were concluded before Judge
Bradford in the United States Circuit
Court to-day in the case of the appli
cation of E. EL Harriman and Winslow
F. Pierce to restrain the proposed plan
of distribution of the. assets of the
Northern Securities Company, • which
was decided by the United States Su
preme Court to be an illegal combina
tion. The concluding argument for the
Northern Securities Company was
made by John G. Johnson of Philadel
phia and W. D. Guthrie of New York
closed the argunv.-ct on behalf of the
complainant.*
The argument on both Bides turned
largely on the question as to the title
t> tho Northern Pacific stock which
Harriman and Pierce put into the
combination and which amounted to
•about J7&,000,000. The main contention
of Johnson was that the stock had bo
comt the absolute property of the
Northern Securities Company and that
it was perfectly legal for the Northern
Securities Company to carry out the
pro rata plan cf distribution upon
which the company had agreed.
Guthrie's principal point was that
because ot the illegal combination title
to .the Northern Pacific stock had not
l:.iFi-ed from Harriman and Pierce and
that in consequence they were entitled
to have returned to them the particu
lar stock they put into the combination
and which Involved the control of the
Northern Pacific Company.
Claims Harriman and Pierce
Forfeited Their Rights iii
Northern Securities Stock
JOHNSON OPPOSES PLAN
J. B. Lippincott of the United States
Geological Survey made a report on
the results of the survey In the Sac
ramento basin.'. He spoke* first of the
organization of the California, Water
and Forest Association some" years
p.rro 'arid, of ' the good work accom-
WHAT UNCLE SAM IS DOING.
United States Senator Bard, who was
unable to- be present, sent a letter ex
pressing his interest in the meeting,
which follows in part:
The whole people of our State recognize the
great importance of providing a remeUy for
the repeated disastrous flooding of rich and
productive regions lying in the valleys of the
Sacramento and San Joaauin rivers, and the
united action by the representatives of the ag
ricultural, commercial and other interests di
rectly affected will undoubtedly receive the
co--n*ratlon. sympathy and support of other
sections of the State. As representing in part
the State of California in the betiate of the
United States, it will be my pleasure as my
duty to support any reasonable and needed
legislation having in view the aid of the
general Government to »ecure protection in the
future against the floods. , ; ; 'ii
The subject will \r well discussed at the
cenventlon and some practical scheme will be
devised for Improving the conditions of the
rivers, and It U almoet unnecessary to nay
that the results of the discussion of the sub
ject by the able EtatoFmen, engineers and
business men in the convention will command
the eervlce» of all of the , Congressional dele
gation.
SBARBORO OS CO-OPERATION.'
Andrea Sbarboro, president of the
California Promotion Committee,
epoke as follows on the necessity of
unity and co-operation in saving the"
flooded districts:
Here we must have the co-operation of the
land ' owners whose land Is almost worthless
without the assurance of its being protected
from winter floods. We. must alao have the
co-operation of the land owner whose land may
already be r»rotected but will l>e enhanced In
value by ' the Improvement of the land of his
les* fortunate neighbor.
The farBrers residing In the vicinity of the
proposed Improvement - are now living in con
tinuous anxiety. Even If they have a fortu
nate year they will fret for what may happen
to them in the year to come. This great im
provement will set their minds at rest. 1 They
will lay plans for the permanent Improving
and beautifying of their homes, their towns
and their cities. Knowing that the dreaded
floods will disturb them no more.
The towns and cities throughout the breadth
and length of California must lend, through
their representatives In the City Councils, In
the Legislature and in Congress, their helping
hand. The Improvement of one part yof Cali
fornia U tb« benefit of the whole State. The
southern part of the State must help this
movement, as the northern part of the State
must help all Improvement* which may be
contemplated In tho aouthern part of Califor
nia.
San Francisco must above all cltie« give
thin great undertaking Its most energetic sup
port. - Every bean, every peach, every pear,
every grain of wheat and every bunch of
grapes that this great work will add to the
products of the State will be a benefit to San
Francisco and all parts of California. When
the thousands of acres of land of the rich
Sacramento Valley will be placed permanently
under cultivation there will be required thous
ands of tillers of tbe soil to Increase Its pro
ductions. Here the work of the California
Promotion Committee will be a powerful aid
to bring to this State - a good claps of "»raia
nent farmer* to enrich the State. There Is
no danger of overcrowding. Here we . have
room for many millions of people to benefit
themselves and to benefit those who are al
ready here.
BARD SENDS LETTER.
Till: oACRAMEXTO RAINFALL.
Professor McAdie read a paper/on
"The Rainfall and Floods in the Sac
ramento Valley." He said:
So large aA'oluiae of water has not fallen
In the Kacraniento Valley for many years as
during the rainy season just past. At many
points the water was higher than In 18»J2, al
though th» record* showed that In January,
lt>C2. the rainfall exceeded the combined pre
cipitation of February and March, l'J04.
Judging from the experience of the ]>ast, one
might safely estimate the probability of thirty
inches of rain in ninety days over the water
shed ot the Sacramento, which, north of the
city of Sacramento, hug an area of
square mile*. This would give a tc-tai of
l.SJi.H-O.OOO.COO cubic feet of water. This
fftimate is l>a*ed. however, upon ralnfalt in
the valley proper, while it If well known that
the rainfcll in the foothills is considerably
lancer and may even amount, at an elevation
of 2000 fret, to twice that recorded at eleva
tion* of about 10O feet above the sea level.
At many points* in the valley the rainfall
was more than doubl<» a normal rainfall, and
at some p^lntiS one and a half Urn** as much.
How treat tMs excess was in actual rainfall
is ehown by the following table, giving the
amounts above normal for the sixty -days under
consideration : At Auburn, 15.1S inches, l.'O
per crnt excess; at Coif ax. 28.08 inches, 100
per cent txcess; at Dunsmulr. .'U.01 Inches,
2(^0 per cent excess ; at Summerdale. 18.38
lncheK. or 100 per cent excess, and at Summit,
•MAX inch's, 250 i«>r cent exc.-ss.
From all or the above it appears that the
iprei-ent Sacramento River syMem. is inade
quate to meet a rainfall of double the normal
amount and extending over a period of thirty
days or more. Of course, the time distribution
of the rain is on« of tho moat Important factors
In determining flood i»riodi<. An.l on the other
hand it is plahi that a continuation of the ex
ces«Iveiy heavy rain* of the l«th of February,
on the 17th and 18th, would have rceulted In
greater team, and the same statement i» true
Concerning the period following-JUarch 10 and
Merch 27. Gri.at as the losses- have been, it Is
indifputable that A continuation of the rain
on Marth 2«.'and an extension of the rain a r? a
a little southward into the watershed of the
Lower San Joaquin would have resulted In
an overflow of the entire section under con
eideralSon.
At the conclusion of the address the
chair appointed as committee of per
manent organization and order of
business Arthur R Briggs of San
Francisco, Lee A. Phillips of^ Stockton,
Robert T. Devlin of Sacramento, and
P. J. Van Loben Sels and John W.
Ferris of San Francisco. The commit
tee on credentials appointed was H. I.
Seymour, W. S. Green of Colusa and
Professor A. G. McAdie of the Weather
Bureau.
I wish to emphasize the obvious trust that
San Fraadsco will grow 'great as fast as its
back country grcw» in population and wealth.
We shall benefit, fcr example, by the Panama
canal in almost exactly the "game proportions
•o» the Fan Joaquin and Sacramento valleys
benefit thereby. In this the city and country
¦will prosper together. If the farmer of the
valley gelt, his products to- market cheaper
he has the extra profit to buy other goods with.
BT.d San Frar.c-isco is his shopkeeper. If the
riv«?r valle>s can be made to support more
people anJ to raise more produce, that produce
will pars through the hands of the city mer
chants. Tha city Is the servant of its country,
and each benefits by the Interchange of goods
and cervices. When the rivrr lands now de
vastated every year by floods teem with an
Industrious population, then will San Francisco
Men Into her heritage. -
land has not been and probably will not be
entirely successful.
W e in California are not alor.e subjected to
these dangers. It has been the fate of the
human race from tim« almost immemorial to
be subjected to the dangers of overflow* from
rivers in times of flood?. As you will remem
ber the MlE?issipDl Klver has been taken hold
of by the hand of man and reduced to prac
tical subjection. The Sacramento and San
Joaquin present no prcblem which cannot
properly be controlled when the proper effort
is made. It is a: simple problem to put to
work upon the river that knowledge and force
to reduce ; the Sacramento and San Joaquin
rrvers to. subjection 1 .hope Bincerely that
the convention will f«2 to it that this is
carried out, that -the~s81fUh interest of any
man or body of men will not be allowed to
interfere with the '.'onward march of this move
ment, and that irken the convention adjourns
it will have the matter left In the hands of
men in whom we have confidence and in
whose integrity we have every faith.
I ha\> no doubt the whole people of this
State will meet you more than half way and
will extend to you from the extreme southern
to th« extreme northern section of the State
the right hand cf friendship and will be glad
and pleased to eee you succeed In this enter
prise. We are all Interested In It and as the
representative Of the whole people In the State
I am here to-day to nay to you that we bid
>ou godspeed. . (Prolonged applause.)
RIVERS AS XATIOX BUILDERS.
Professor Carl C. Plehn of the Uni
versity of California read an interest
ing paper on "The Importance of Riv
ers to the Country."' He discussed the
part played by rivers in the develop
ment of the commerce and agriculture
of the great nations of the world, the
building of important cities and the
promotion of progress and civilization.
In closing he said:
The convention then listened ' ¦ with
interest to a paper on "Plan of Relief,"
read by Frank ;D: Ryan, Commissioner
of Public Works at- Sacramento.-. Ryan
argued forcibly. for a by-canal to re-
FOn A BY-CAXAL.
Chairman Jennings announced the
appointment of the following commit
tee on platform and resolutions: Rob
ert T. Jennings, P. J. Van Loben Sels
and John W. Ferris, representing the
Sacramento district; Lee A. Phillips,"
R. E. Wilhoit and Samuel ( Franken
heim, the San Joaquin district; Frank
J. Symmes, General NI P. Chipmanand
R. M. Welch, San Francisco, ; and
Colonel E. A. Forbes, Marysville.
State Senator Robert T. Devlin of
Sacramento read a noteworthy paper
on "The Practicability, of a District
Drainage Law." He argued for the
creation of a single drainage district
to include all the areas affected by the
floods. After quoting decisions of the
Supreme Court to show that such a
statute would be constitutttonal, he
discussed some of the things It should
contain.
WOULD MAKE ONE DISTRICT.
Third — We recommend that a committee of
nine on platform and resolutions be appointed
by the chair, three from tho Sacramento Val
ley, three from the San Joaquin Valley and
three from San Francisco and vicinity. ,
Second — We recommend the following as vice
presidents: General N T . P. Chlpman, San
Francisco; George \V. McNoble, Stockton; Al
den Anderson of Suisun;' Charles, W. Thomas,
Woodland; C. L». Donohoe, ' Willows, and Gen
eral W. T. Sheehan, Sacramento.
J. W. Snowball of Knights Landing,
Yolo County, told of the Indian tradi
tion when he came to California in '49
that in the old days* a fresh water lake
covered the whole of the interior and
that a great earthquake resulted in
the formation of the Golden Gate and
the release of these inland, waters to
the pea. -The problem before the .peo
ple <j( California is to. continue the
work of the earthquake by increasing
the outlets to the . sea. This, could
never be accomplished "tinder the pres^
system of more than 700 reclama
tion districts, but it must be .brought
about by putting the subject' In the
hands of a responsible' and . central
body.
The report of the committee on per
manent organization, presented by its
chairman, A. R. Briggs, and adopted
unanimously, was as follows:
Your committee on .permanent organization
and order of business begs to report: £
First — We recommend that the temporary of
ficers be made the permanent officers of this
convention. .. -
WHEN VALLEY WAS A LAKE.
"Any plan that proposes the relief of
the floods of one river by increasing
those of the other will not meet our
needs," declared the speaker. "The Cal
ifornia State Board of Trade is work
ing to promote the symmetrical devel
opment of the State, and we hope that
every acre of land on the Sacramento
may be reclaimed without imperiling
an acre on the lower feaches of the
San Joaquin." (Applause.)
. A. G. Park of Hanford, representing
the San Joaquin Valley' Commercial
Association, reported on the destruction
of 15,000 acres of fine grain by the re
cent flood. He pleaded for aid from
the entire State, and raised a laugh by
saying, "We look to San Francisco for
our commerce, to Los Angeles for our
religion and to the Commonwealth Club
of California for our salvation. San
Francisco comes down and makes love
to us. Los Angeles comes up and
makes love to us. We are like the Lady
of the Lake, but we want the love of
each section and the help of the entire
State in obtaining protection from the
Tulare overflow."
At the afternoon session General Will
S. Green of Colusa grave some reminis
cences of boating on the Sacramento
River in the early '50's. The river then
had no bars or shoals, and an ocean
going steamer could go from San Fran
cisco to Sacramento without. an hour'3
delay.
General Green was followed by
Colonel John P. Irish, who spoke in
place of W. H. Mills, who was pre
vented by' .-illness-; from, being •ssent.
Colonel Irish told the convex i that
the California State Board vl Trade
was deeply interested in the movement
to control the great rivers. For years
it had been calling attention of Eastern
people to the lands in the California
deltas as the richest of all delta soils
in the world. Statistics of rainfall for
the San Joaquin, similar to those al
ready compiled for the Sacramento,
were greatly needed in order to aid in
solving the problem of river control.
This problem was made more difficult
by its dual character and the different
conditions obtaining in the two river
areas.
From the Btcciton Chamber of Commeree. 25;
from Alam?da County, 13'; from the Oakland
Merchants' Exchange. 13; from the Oakland
Board of Trade. AV. A. Wayrnire and the com
mittee on rivers and harbors; Butte County,
10; Colusa County, S2t. Centra Costa County,
37; California River Improvement and Draln
ag« Association, -fi; California Promotion Com
mittee, .".0; California Water and Forest Asso
ciation, 3; Merchants' Exchange of San Fran
cisco. .'{; California Miners' Association, 21:
California State Board of Trade. 10: appointed
If the Mayor of Pan Francisco. 3; San Joaquin
Valley Commercial Association, 11; Sacramento
Valley Development Association, S; Glen
County, 4; Sacramento County, 58; appointed
by the Stockton Chamber of Commerce. 20;
Solano County. 12; Suiter County, 23; Tehuma
County, 5; Yo!o County, M; .Yuba County, Ti.
SHIPS AT SACRAMENTO.
The important announcement was
made by Mr. Lippincott that in in
vestigating the river question in this
State the services of the engineering
corps connected with the geological
survey could be secured in aid of the
engineers that may be employed in
this State. These Government engi
neers are engaged in Government
work along- the Colorado River, in
Nevada, and at all points where the
national irrigation work is in progress
west of the Rocky Mountains. JJ'his
statement was greeted with applause,
as was also one to the effect that the
sum of ?3,000,000 hns just been set
aside by the Government to care for
the lands on the California side of
the Colorado River.
The committee on credentials next
reported. The delegates at large were
Governor George C. Pardee, William
J. Wynn, J. C. Xeedham, J. B. Lip
pincott. Mr. Elliott of the Department
of Agriculture and Carl C. Plehn.
The representation of different bodies
and subdivisions of the State were
numerically reported as follows:
plished by it in securing State co
operation with the Government. ' The
Geological Survey, reported Mr. Lip
pincott, had carried on work along the
lines of topography and hydrography.
A topographic map had been prepared
on a scale of two inches to the mile,
covering the country, from Iron
Canyon, above Red Bluff, to the bay
of San Francisco. This map could be
used as the basis of study in the en
gineering problems concerning over
flow rtnd reclamation. The geological
survey had made a study of drainage
areas, reservoir sites, etc., from
Putah Creek, .around the headwaters
of the Sacramento River, and cover
ing the country as far north as Pitt
River. Reservoir sites had been dis
covered that would, provide for the
covering of 1,800,000 acres with water
a foot deep. A way was thus provided
to stop the peak of the flood wave.
The great water preserver and the
great flood preventive were the for
ests, which store the water. The most
important thing for the Sacramento
River was the preservation of the for
ests on tho watershed.
G. "W. McNoble - and F. E. Dunlap,
both of Stockton and the latter a
member of the State "Assembly, spoke
of tho distinctive Interests of the San
Joaquin Valley in the plans for con
trolling the floods. They demanded, a
board of engineers that would afford
their district competent representa
tion and that would also include in
its membership experts from the val
ley of the Mississippi, familiar with
the problems met and conquered in
the control of that river near the Gulf
Tirey L. Ford, speaking as a repre
sentative of the Miners' Association,
addressed the convention briefly, de
claring that the rivers would never be
subjected to man's dominion by any
piecemeal work. Engineers were
agreed, he said, that every foot of the
land in the valleys could be reclaimed,
but in order to accomplish this it was
necessary to unite the services of en
gineers, legislators and lawyers in
working out a practicable plan . with
the attendant legislation.
"When we have solved this great
problem.", said Ford, "instead of a
population of 1,500,000 in the* whole
State/the two valleys will support 20.
000,000, for they have the richest soil
in the world." ' \''^~
Duncan E. ¦ McKinlay, Assistant
United States District Attorney, was
introduced and made a brief address
demanding the support of the moun
tain and coast sections of th'e State for
the effort to save the valley lands. The
convention, he said, should bring home
to the legislators of all sections the
need of prompt action to stop the rav
apes of the iloods.
H. M. La Rue of Sacramento, the for
mer Railroad Commissioner, told of his
experiences with the floods which had
destroyed the value' of his own lands
four miles above the capital, city, and
argued earnestly for a cut through
the Montezuma Hills as the only way
in which an outlet for (he surplus
waters of the Sacramento could be
found.' "This^might cost $5,000,000" or
more, but it would save 750,000 acres of
land and more than double their value.
Only by such radical measure could
the valley farmers be rescued. La Rue
recalled pioneer days when the river
had banks twenty feet hlgn at low
water and a fourteen-inch tide at Sac
ramento. The great floods of the six
ties, he said, brought down vast de
posits of sediment and filled the chan
nel.
MANY OTHERS SPEAK.
The work on the west Hide of the river
demar.dK $3,412,000. Onr-thlrd of this work
1 propose fhall be borne by the district af
fected and the land wouM have to be bonded
to ra).«B the money. The bonds would be
unsalable In the open market and to mak*
them salable I propose that the State should
be ayked to guarantee the interest on them,
if it Can be legally done. I submit that it
would be good business on the part of the
Btate to do this; not only would this work
be a part of the work necessary to prevent
a repetition of thl* year's disaster, but it is
to be the meani lc the first Instance of re
claiming 17. r >,000 acres of land paying nothing
or next to nothing for taxes and. Is the mearu
by which alone the vast territory lylnz to
thi> north and farther ' up the river can be
reclaimed. .
One-thinl the cost of the work Included in
the necessary improvements telow Sacramento
I propose Blinll he borne by the land oast of
the Sacramento River. The assessed valuation
of this district In about $17,000,000 and the
cost to the landowners would be 1 per cent
on this valuation, or assuming the average
assessed value of the reclaimed swamp land
to b« $30 an acre, the tax upon it would be
about 15 cents per acre for each of the two
years that the #vork would probably take.
I propose that the land to be benefited by
the proposed work shall be included in , one
or more drainage districts. At first sight It
would perhaps appear that one general drain
age district could handle the questions in
volved, but if you will consider for a. mo
ment you will see that the DOlnt of view of
owners of land already, reclaimed will not be
identical with -that of the owners of unre
claimed lands; at all events there la danger
that the reclaimed lands will perhapa fear
that, they are go'ing to be taxed to reclaim
other lands.
The exact share of the cost to be borne by
each of the three parties to the undertaking is
not easy to determine oS haad; but it has been
thought by men who have considered the mat
ter that an equal division of the cost of the
work between the . Federal Government, the
State government and the land owners would
be just and fair.
There are, as It appears to me, three distinct
interests Involved In this work— the Federal
Government, which guards Jealously the right
to control , the navigability of the rivers; Qie
State government, whose duty It Is to render
possible the reclamation of the lands the State
has sold to individuals, and the land owner,
who will doubtleas be willing to till in the
detail of reclamation work when the State
and Federal governments dispose of such bold
and general features as are at once essential
to development and beyond the power of Indi
viduals. •
On the map of the Tolo Basin I show a loca
tion of a proposed bye pass canal which may
cr may .not be approved. I would place at and
above Elkhorn the weirs or possibly the head
gates that should control the flood plane.
As Commissioner of Public Works my limit
should perhaps be reached when the design
of this work Is suggested, but I am going to lay
before you my idea of the way the money
can be raisedyto do the work. I think It is
but little use ttshope that the funds. for this
work,-, amounting to somewhere about 54,000,
000, Is going to be appropriated by the State
Legislature.
lieve the floods of the Sacramento and
to bn constructed from the west side
of the river from Grays Bend and Ten
Mile Shoals southward to a Junction
with the river again above Ryers Isl
and. He said, among other things:
Final Argument For and
Against Distribution Is
Heard by Judge Bradford
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
MERGER CASE
IS CONCLUDED
RIVER CONVENTION PLANS
VAST WORKS TO SHACKLE
FLOODS OF THE INTERIOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, -MAY 24; 1904.
ROME, May 23.— Information re
ceived from France by the Vatican
authorities indicates that the situation
growing out of the Papal protest against
President Loubet's vh-sit to Rome and
the recall of Embassador Niaard has
assumed a more satisfactory phase. It
is understood the Vatican has been as
sured that the Government, unless
compelled by action of th*e Chamber of
Deputies, practically intends. to allow
the matter of Cardinal Merry del Val's
note to drop, thus avoiding a conflict
with the Holy See before the general
elections in 1905.
ROME, May 23.— The Madrid corre
spondent of the Tribuna telegraphs
that King Alfonso has indefinitely
postponed Mb visit to President Lou
bet, which was planned for September
next, in order to avoid frfction with the
Pope. • >
King Alfonso , Indefinitely
Postpones His Yisit to
the Kepublic's President
2
ADVEBIIEZMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN, WAKE UP!
j^^^^ j^.^^g-*.pjy^y^» .15' "i our., o <ti c k w Ca k *
ft^Si^tfk Have You Dra^ ! ng Pains?
Are Ycu Easil ? Tlred?
F'~'vM&!&$2& Have You^Varicocele?
fMfW&rt^MM .U AVE .you lost the fire and
strength of youth? Have vpu
*"$*'^ry&EM$$ "come and ro" pains in your back
;J^^ ; 1^S^» f ' n<1 shoui<lc £ s? Are you growing
s||jj3J|iSjfiHj If you have these symptoms or
VW^S^rta n ? y other H1 ~" f>f breaking down
>38|p!H@BI of your nerves and vitality, you
win fln<1 npvv llfo ln Electricity as
>a I It* !\ 1 c I a 1 1 o*li 1 1 r* 'c
LJi . iTivL,ciii$£niin s
\ electric d6it
""^f'^iS*. '.ok V Is made for y° u - u ls the best
' <Ctrc2i»T2l -1 :~ way to use Electricity. It pours a
: )i^yr^tSF r 0±ia^^^m^^ rcentle stmim of life into tho wenk
\*l^3K?Mis§§ige!HiK^^ parta continually for hours every
'f^M^Zf^SHWHe^r niRht. It refreshes the nerves, ex-
• 'l^sCvJw^lSn • I )a ndN the vital powers, enrich. ¦«
- iWEVCt*"*^ the circulation, and makes you feel
:'¦¦*-;' ' bright, active and vigorous In ono
nights use. You get stronger each day. and in a few weeks you are a now
man. stronger and younger in the .fire of youth. It is grand, this method
of mine, and every man who has ever used It is praising tt.
WOBTE TXtf TIMES WHAT HK PAID POK XT.
MAIISHAM.,. CRl., I)«c. 5rt, 100.%
DR. McL.AUGHL.IN— Dear Sir: I have usecT your licit for about two month*
and must say that it has cured me entirely. I feel like a nnw man now tuut c«a
dd a hard day's work easily. Th.ere are no more pa Inn in my back «n<l arm* mid
that tired feeling has gone. I am eure that the, Helt nan been worth t«ri times 'marr
to me than I paid for It, and if you wish you -may use my name, for I will »••< vluij
*. to . recommend the Belt, r Gratefully yours, AIINOM* P. MiCltltl.
Don't delay trying" it. -Your future happiness depends on your checking
.this drain upon your vitality; so stop it now and-you can ba sure of a long
and vigorous life,\full' of. the joys of a healthy vigor. -
Don't drug. Drugs can't cure you, as you know,. if you. hav*' tried them.
My Belt cures because it increases your nerve power and vitality. Elec-
tricity renews the youthful strength; that cures. If you will call I wlil
give you a free . test of .what I can do. If you can't cnll send for my
beautiful illustrated book, 'telling About my method. I send It, sealed, free
I have 50,000 cures. Call or write to-day. Send this ad.
J£f # X "^ V^ f T1 r^^ ll »" III1 » Aborj Ellis. S»»7ruiuj». CH
Offlce Hours — 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. -Sundays, 10 to I. .
" Df.au Mes. Phtkiiam : — I was mar-
ried for several years and no children
blessed my home. The doctor said I
had a complication of female troubles
and I could not have any children un-
less I could be cured. He tried to cure
me, but after experimenting for sev-
eral months, my husband became dis-
gusted, and on* night when wo noticed
the testimonial of a woman who had
been cured of similar trouble through
the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, he went out
and bought a bottle for me. I used
your medicine for three and one-half
months, improving steadily in health,
and in twenty-two montns a child
came. I cannot fully express the joy
and thankfulness that is in my heart.
Our home is a different place now, as
we have something to live. for, and
all the credit is due to Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. Yours very Bincerely, Mbs.
L.C Gloves, 614 Grove St., Milwaukee,
Wis." Vice President, Milwaukee
Business Woman's Association. — $5000
forfeit If original of aboon letter proving genutM-
mat cannot it preduevd.
ident Milwaukee, Wis., Business
Woman's Association, is another
one of tbe million women who
Slave been restored to health by
using Lydia E. PinkhanVs Vege-
table Compound.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
| AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
¦ PREPARED BY
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
daOSEUB OF fiftflTOtm
0 fiS . lC511£A2SSTST.t«t.8:a«-?.a,S.?.C&A
V Mr ~k c Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A -0slw^ World. V,'e.iir.ts»ss or iiiy contnet'i Q
\T f&aQw dis "* e p*'"'""" 1 ? *•«•«•* hjr the olie»t Y
0 j S3 1 ¦ <> P tc:1 lst "* tbe Cout. Ejt 36 years. O
A 4535F? DR - JQBDAN-O'SEASES CF MEN A
\ tfijoSQ Co««ult*tion free «nd itrictly print?. \
A I Jlfm/n Tmimeni p«r»on»!ly or by l«t?r. A ff
y ¦ fir ny /*«»»• CW« in crery om undertaken. T
A ft I! lid Write for Book. PtULONUrny of i)
V « (I *« MARRIAGE. MAILED FKBB. (AT
1 JJ 1 , mloable book for mrn) \
V DS. JORDAN ft CO., 1051 Market St.. 8. P. V
jiI|vEvery Woman
fwC^w3\\l fa l« Intereetsd and ihonld know
¦M Si\M JC-Uln » lKlut t& « wonderful
il^iWH MARVEL Whirling Spray
SS»vS>8SS^IMThe n*w Tt«r.»i s 7 ri«»r. Jniec-
. .^SCt<flSLNS»W toon and auction. Best— Sat-
Xcv^vr^Si<£w Mt-Mnit Convenient.
i»k joor <!rn?R!«t Tor It. >b. ffX. >S*~-<*~***
I r he cannot supply tha V ¦. ffjj£f V-W/w'*^
.1IAIIVKL.. accept no >i? r^> - *''• '.C_x*7>—
other, b:u send itamp for 'vv jf ¦ 'v'/^Y/
Illustrated lKX)k-»eale4. KrItps v>,. / '' l 'li
fiiUpartlcnl»r»anddtrertion»ln- Avy, i is
valuable to ladies SIAKVKtiCO.. iti/.. , . ¦ ..jm
41 1'nrk How, Xen lark. *>«ii'/.U r
15:: New Mont(fom«rry. San Francisco Cal.
VvilllH.li: Hatteroth (Ladies" Dept.), 22* Sutter.
Union Druic Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Osg-ood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy 119 E11U
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Hartford Steam
Boiler inspection
AND INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF COX-
nectlcut. on the 31st day ot December, A. D.
19C3. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections t)10 and Gil of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $500.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $19,000 00
buns on Bonds end Mortgages. .. 717.320 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 2.012. 499 97
Cash ln Company's Offlce 0,755 23
Cash In Banks 131.709 05
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 17.S14 14
Premiums ln due Course of Col-
lection 218.777 68
Total Assets \.... 13.122.165 10
LIABILITIES. ~ "
Losses In process^of Adjustment or
in Suspense $20,413 02
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less. $100,565 21; re-
Insurance 50 per cent 54.SS2 60
Gross premium* on Risks running
more than one year. $3,412.-
362 10; reinsurance pro rata.... 1,796,473 13
Duo and to become due for Com-
. ' missions and Brokerase 32.516 64
Total Liabilities .$1.004.287 45
INCOME. ~~ ~
Net cash actually recelvtd for
premiums $1,304,254 36
Received fcr interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 31.574 01
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bond*. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 09,431 9fl
Received for Rents 783 47
Received from all other sources.. 2S.247 83
Total Income $1,404,313 63
" EXPENDITURES. ~~ i
Net amount paid for Losses $157.154 67
Dividends to Stockholders 60,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 336.503 efl
P»!d for Salaries. Fees and other
charge* for officers, clerks, etc. 57.000 00
Patd for State. National and Local
taxes 39.89.8 87
Paid for- Inspections 4S0.721 10
AU other expenditures 130.061 65
Total Expenditures $1,313,142 87
Lorses Incurred during the year ..... |s.M. 323 co
Risks »nd Premiums— Premiums.
j RISKS AND PREMIUMS. Premiums.
I Net' amount written during the
I rear .,..: $1,461.034 50
I Net amount expired during the
y*ar :. 1.208.11122
j Net amount In force December 31.
i 1903 3.522.147 31
? H 4 S - B^ ACH - VlCe President"
J. B. PIERCE. • Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before tn«. this
*3d day of January. 1004. •
; L. F. MID DLEBROOK. Notary Public
MANN & WILSON, Managers
I NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
.SANFHAXCI3CO. CA1»
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION* AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
L'UNIVERSO MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MILAN, IT ALT. ON THE 31 »t DAT OF
D?c«mt)«r. A. V. 1903. and for the year
ending on that day. as made to the Insurancs
Commissioner of tbe State of California, pur-
•uant to tha provisions of sectiooa CIO and till
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ,„_„..„
la Cash" 3300. 000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... •S^J.-'KOM
Cash !n Company's Office 82 .0^,3 54
Cash ln Banks ••-• 1-*«M»«
Premiums in tiue Course of Collec-
tlon •••• »ra.»*T7T
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken „-,..„
for Fire and Marine Risks ",81i 09
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 4P.i^3 3i
Tolal assets 1737.573 Sti
LIABILITIES. ~~
losses adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses ln process of Adjustment? «-..,»
or in Suspense f I1S3.S.4 SO
Lo?sts resisted. Including es- f
pens** ii»»J
Gross Premiums on Marine Time
o.-v. t " reinsurance SO
ti. Has, « , „_ .....
per cent *it.*oi is
True and to become due for Com-
missions anJ Brokerage ..¦¦.. , 23.39o 13
Total liabilities _ $430. 201 28
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $1,088,038 52
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans. an«
from all other sources 0.S04 36
Total Income fl. 006,831 43
EXPENDITURES."
Net amount paid for Marine
losses (including % . loases
of previous y«ars> $.04.523 2*
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. .24.73190
Paid for State. National and Local '
taxea 4.3CS 72
Total expenditure* _ T SC3,8^1 85
Marine.
Losses Incurred during the year. . . ._»7Ot.5Ua -'1
I> LORIA. Vice President^
CH. VUILLTOMKNET. Secretary.
Subscribed and swern to before me. this 9th
day of April. 1004.
IIAr.LAN W. BRUSH.
U. S. Consul at Milan. Italy.
MANX & WILS0X, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
SAX FKA.NCISCO. CAL.
STATEMENT^
OF THE
CONDITION* AND AFFAIRS
OF TIIE
METROPOLITAN
INSURANCE COMPANY .
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF SEW
York, on the Klst day of l>ecemher. A. D.
1903. and fcr the y*ar ending on that day. us
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha ¦
State of California, pursuant to tho provisions
of sections «10 and CH of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by th« Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
: Amount of Capital Slock, paid up In
y Cash $20i\0CO 00
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $l'.i7.VC> Co
Cash ln Company's Office Xl«\ 6O
Ca.«h ln Banks 2S.445 13
Interest due and accrued on all " -
Stocks and Loans 3.413 <3
Premiums ln due Course of Collec-
tion s.i,4,"v* n
Plate Glass) on hand 1.S71 ,1;>
: Accounts ilue for Olass sold «at> li>
Total assets. 95C0.0O3 21
LIABILITIES. « ""
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense ." 14.472 97
dress premiurns on Risks running
one year or less. $^53,030 34; re-
tnsuranco 50 per cent 177.000 il
Total liabilities $132,463 11
INCOME. ~~~" ~~
K«U cash actually received for pre-
miums $C43.15a 30
Received for Interest wnd dividends
on Bonds, Stncks. Loan*, and from
all other «ourc«»s 18.231 71
Tolal Income $361,443 01
EXPENDITURES. —
Net amount paid for Losses 1116 041 4S
Dividends to f-tockholdcrs : 00
l'ni'4 or ullow'.d fur Commission or
I Brokerage .......£ 120,669 91
Paid .or Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 42.500 4l>
Paid for State. National, and Local
taxes 10.097 7S
All other payments and expenditure*. 29.407 S6
Total fcxpendlturei J03S.ri7 10
Locses Incurred during the ye*r $114 076 82
- E. II. WINSLOW. President.
S. W. BURTON. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th
day ot January. 1004.
A. II. LAHT. Notary Puhlto.
MANN & WILSON, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
SA3 FRASC1SCO. CAL.
THE WEEKLY CALL
*$»l p©r Year.
Xdvebtisements.
Tiie Kind Y6u Have Always Bought has borne the sigmw
turc of Chas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 3O years. Allow no ono
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
«« «Tust-as-eood*» are but Experiments, and endanger tno /
health of Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphino nor other .Narcotic
substance. Its apre is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and "Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething* Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend,
The KM You toe Always Bought
y* Bearsjhe Signature of
In Use For Over 3O Years.
tmi ccxraun cohmht. tt miumy »twcct. wkw toww crrr.
¦Mrs. L. C. Glover, Vice-Pres-"Japanese Instructors Said to Bo Or
ganizing Bandit Toulisan's Forces.
L.IAOYANG, May 23. — General Ma.
commander of the Chinese troops, is
In constant communication ; with
Toulisan. the chief of the Chinese
bandits, who are effecting military
organization under Japanese instruct-
CHINESE GROWING BOLDER.
CLARKSTON, Wash., May 23.—
Charles Wlnslow, first officer of the
steamship Spokane, has invented what
is believed to be a practical aeroplane.
The first trial will take place within
two weeks. . The body of the machlnt,
i3 sectional, with transverse planes to
be regulated as are the "shutters'.' of
a bird's' wings, and is fianked with an
other set corresponding to y-ings. The
machine has been built on the steamer.
Builds Aeroplane on Ship.
GOMEL, Russia, May 23.— A band of
fifty young Jews made an anti-war
demonstration in the streets here last
night. They carrled"a red banner bear
ing aft inscription reading: "Down
with the war," and scattered i an in
flammatory proclamation. The. police
interfered in the interest of order,
whereupon the Jews fired upon them.
The police answered with two rounds
Anti-War Demonstration Occurs on
I the Streets "of -Gomel. ,
JEWS FIRE UPON POLICE.
Mr. and Mrs. Benson left on a late
train this, evening for San Francisco.
Their honeymoon will consist of a two
months' trip to Seattle and .Alaska.
After their return they will make their
home in this, city.
For a number of years Miss Alexan
der has been one of the official stenog
raphers of the county and a few years
ago was admitted to the Supreme Court
to practice law. The groom is the son
of S. G. Benson, a well-known news
paper man of this city, and a promis
ing attorney at law.
SAN JOSE, May 23.— Frank H. Ben
son, Justice of the Peace of San Jose,
and Miss Lillle E. Alexander, a popu
lar young lady of this city, were mar
ried this evening at the home of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. R.
Alexander, at 316 South Seventh street.'
The wedding was a quiet affair, only
the Immediate relatives of the young
couple being present. Rev. Dr. E. Mc-
Cllsh performed the ceremony.
Having: Been Admitted to
' • Practice Law.
JUSTICE" BENSON WEDS
Q BELLE OF SAN JOSE
Bride' Tvell Known in Lefral Circles,
Knock Out Recommendation
That Ministers Refuse to
Marry .Divorced Persons
SLAUGHTER SHEEP
OUT OF REVENGE
Defenseless Herder Powerless to De
fend His Herd Against
Enemies.
FOSSIL, Ore., May 23.— While the
herder hid in his cabin, unarmed and
defenseless, a band of sheep belonging
to Butler Bros, were ruthlessly shot
down a few nights ago, apparently by
cattle men. who have declared war on
all sheep driven Into their ranges. It
is a part of the great Southeastern
Oregon sheep war.
The herder heard the shooting begin
and knew that his sheep were being:
slaughtered. He heard the rifle shots
and heard the sheep bleat aa they
sought refuge.
When morning came seventy-five
dead, sheep were . found and another
hundred were crippled or so Injured
that they died or had to be killed.
The finest coffees in the world are In
Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast. ?
BUAj OF EXCEPTIONS FILED.— Georit# D.
Collins yesterday filed In the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals a bill of exceptions in
the case of Walter N. Dimmlck. convicted oC
stealing $30,000 from tho Mint.
BUFFALO, N. Y.. May 23.— By a
vote of 262 to 244 the General Assembly
of the Presbyterian church of the Unit
ed States this afternoon wiped out
that part of the report of the special
committee on marriage and divorce
which advised Presbyterian ministers
to refuse to marry any person whose
marriage is forbidden by the church of
which that person is a member. The
committee had formulated this pro
vision to* help promote the work of the
Interchurch conference on marriage
and divorce which takes In thirteen de
nominations and this action of the as
sembly, it was declared to-night, might
prove a setback to the conference. The
remainder of the report was adopted.
The General Assembly also approved
the partial report of the special com
mittee on forms and services which
MINERS ENGAGE IN
DUEL WITH i KNIVES
Dispute Between " Two Austria us at
Oat Hill, Napa County, Has »•
Serious Ending.
NAPA, May 23.— A telephone mes
sage was received this morning at the
Sheriff's office stating that two Aus
trian miners, employes at the Oat Hill
mine, got into a dispute at- one of the
roadnouses a short' distance from the
mine Sunday evening. Knives were
drawn and as a result 'of the fracas
which followed both men were badly
wounded.. The Deputy Sheriff at the
mine immediately placed the two com
batants under arrest. This morning as
soo-rl as communications, opened over
tho line he notified Sheriff Dunlap here
in Napa. It is thought that one of the
men was fatally wounded and the oth
er dangerously so. Sheriff Dunlap and
District Attorney Benjamin went up
this morning to Oat Hill where they
will makft an investigation. The Sher
iff's, office has been trying to commun
icate with Oat Hill this afternoon, but
the attempts failed owing to some de
fect in the, telephone system.
INTERESTING EXERCISES
AT DOMINICAN COLLEGE
•SAN RAFAEL, May 23.—Examina
tions in the various departments of
Dominican -• College, San "Rafael, have
been brought to a successful close and
honors will be conferred on commence
ment day,- Wednesday. May 25.
During; Anril and May the series of
fortnightly lectures Included the "Mer
chant of Venice," by the Rev. P. Har
vey of. St. Patrick's Seminary/ "St.
Thomas'! and "Dante," by the Rev.
J.: W. ; Sullivan: "Cardinal, Newman,"
by, the .Rev. "Thomas Heveron; the
"Russo-Japanese War," by the Rev.- J.
Gleason. ...
A' musical programme in honor of the
Prince Ratibor ; and Princess -Ratibor./
and the Baroness von . Schroeder was
given ,by- v the Cecilian Club.% a'< practice
game between the Lowell High School
and' the college basketball teams, an
elocutionary recital by Miss Alice May,' .
a May-day. picnic, and an open, meeting
of the Newman Literary Club complet-^
ed a calendar of interesting events for*"^
the students of Dominican College, San H
Rafael. ' *; / '.*¦?!,
ure immense supplies at Newchwang
rind that that place Is thoroughly pro
tected against any incursion of the
lapanese.
YINKOW. May 23. — The Russians
have completed the mining of the
harbor "and the mouth of the Liao
River. It is now believed that there
Well Equipned for a Siece.
WASHINGTON. May 23.— The Navj
Department has been advised by cable
of the arrival of the 6regon and Alex
ander at Hongkong, where they have
joined the Wisconsin, the flagship of
n«r Admiral Cooper, commander-in
chief of the Asiatic squadron. The
Vicksburg has sailed from Hongkong
f<>r Wusung.
Warships Arrive at Hongkong:.
Miss Meeker went to Los Angeles
April 28. Mary was sitting on the front
porch when her aunt was driven to the
front of the house in a carriage. Misa
Meeker says she called the child to her
and then drove to the station to catch
a train for San Francisco.
INDIANAPOLIS, . May 23.— Taken
from her father's home in Los Angeles,
Mary Catherine Sanders, the 7-year-old
daughter of J. M. Sanders, a telegraph
operator, arrived in this city to-night
with her, aunt, Miss Henrietta Meeker.
Both the aunt and niece were taken
into custody by a policeman. At police
headquarters -the child . was * forced to
leave her aunt and go to Mrs. J. Wein
land, another aunt.
Miss Meeker said the child had been
neglected since the death of Mrs. San
ders and that her sister told her to care
for the little girl. .
Mrs. Weinland said to-night that the
child had not been neglected, and said
Mrs. Sanders did not tell her sister to
take the child.
Miss Meeker and Mary San
ders Taken Into Custody
% Police of Indianapolis
FUSAN. Korea, May 23. — A com
pany of Japanese Infantry routed a
'company of Cossacks at Sementsu yes
terday. The Japanese did not suffer
any casualties, while native reports
Fay that the Russians lost twenty men.
The Russians are still at Siuyen. their
position being a semicircle with all
parts about fifty miles distant from
Fengwangcheng.
Russians Lose Twenty Men in a Brush
With Brown Infantry.
JAPANESE ROUT COSSACKS.
People who have visited Matsuyama
report that the Japanese are exercising
great care with the food and general
treatment of the Russian prisoners
there. The rations Include liber? 1 al
lowances of meat, bread and tea daily.
The prisoners' quarters are clean and
sanitary. The majority of the wounded
are making good progress.
Three splendid horses captured at
the Yalu battle by Kuroki and pre
sented to the Emperor reached Toklo
to-day. They were taken to the palace,
whore they were inspected. Two of
them are Russian bred and the other
is an Arabian.
The Japanese landed at Takushan
report having been engaged in two
scouting skirmishes, during which ten
Russians were killed. I:, the first af
fair two Russians were captured, and
in the other General Kuroki reports the
capture of an officer and a man caught
making reconnaissance in the rear of
Kurokl's army.
TOKIO. May 23.— About 300 sick and
slightly wounded r of General Kuro
ki's army arrived at the military hos
pital here to-day, with several guns,
wagons and ambulances, captured at
the Yalu River, which will be presented
to the Emperor.
The Emprees of Japan, the court
ladies and the ladies of the foreign le
gations visited the Red Cross Hospital
here this morning. Inspected lht> ar
rangements and talked with a few
wounded and sick soldiers. Dr. Anita
McGee, who is in Japan in connection
with Red Cross work, was received by
her Majesty and : ?compai.Ied the
party.
Three Hundred Japanese Enter the
Tokio Military Hospital.
The robber bands have grown bold
rr and more active than ever. Within
a few weeks of the date of -^.he letter
to the Frankfurter Zeitung a band
numbering as many as 2000 men at
tacked a well-guarded railway station.
The Russians asserted thaj they posi
tively recognized Japanese officers in
command of the assailants.
Continuing, the correspondent asserts
that ferocious bitterness prevails
throughout the Chinese population
against the Russians. He then related
the following incidents in explanation
thereof: After saying that the Russian
settlers regarded the natives as being
far lower than dogs, the correspondent
says Russian officers assured him- that
tho peasant settlers tested their new
rifles by taking a native as a target.
"One engineer with whom I trav
eled," he asserts, "did not salute a
wtll-known officer because the latter
had shot down eight of the engineer's
best laborers in mere wantonness. His
complaint remained unanswered."
In consequence of such conditions,
the correspondent asserts in conclu
sion, the entire laboring population
are longing for the moment when they
may dare to fall upon their torment
ors.
RETURN HOME WOUNDED.
By similar means the robber bands
are well supplied with the m >st mod
ern rifles and plenty of ammunition.
Although the sale of arms to the Chi
nese is prohibited, it is well known that
every native village possesses a reg
ular arsenal containing the best re
peating rifles, including many of the
German model of 1900.
BERLIN. Mav 23. — A correspondent
of the Frankfurter Zeitung, writing
from Harbin under date of April 15,
gives striking details illustrative of the
conditions of the Russian army and
the relations existing between the Rus
sians and Chinese. He says that two
officers. Colonel Korlinsky and Staff
Captain Ignotowich, are in the Harbin
Prison awaiting the carrying out of
sentences of death imposed upon them
for selling large supplies of gunpowder
to the Chinese from the army depots.
The pflicers charged the Chinese $25
per 36 pounds, but, their supplies run
ning low, they filled the boxes with
rand and placed a layer of gunpowder
or. top. At the same time they raised
the Drlce to $50. The Chinese mer
chants, incensed at the. swindle, caused
the matter to be made known in high
er quarters and a watch was set, re
sulting in the detection of the officers
in the act of selling gunpowder to Rus
sian intermediaries.
der to the Chinese
Russian Officers Sell Supplies of Pow-
TRAITORS AWAIT DEATH.
ARREST CHILD
AND HER AUNT
OMAHA, Neb., May 23.— Horace G.
Burt, former president of the" Union
Pacific Railroad, who has been travel-
Ing in the Orient, has written a friend
in this city that he was followed by
Japanese detectives until it became so
irksome that he was forced to appeal
to a United States Consul for relief.
Shortly after his arrival in Japan the
newspapers all over the empire pub
lished an article to the effect that Burt
was about to be placed In control of
the Trans-Siberian Railway. He was
at once placed under espionage and de
tectives followed him from place to
place until he was forced : to appeal to
an American Consul.: The Consul se
cured a retraction byihe press of the
story that had caused trouble.
Railroad Official Complains of Espion
age During Trip Through Orient.
. » —
JAPANESE FOLLOW BCKT.
- The matter was brought to the at
tention of the Chinese Embassador
and he has written that the enlisting
of recruits is wholly unwarranted by
his Government. He means that it is
a secret effort to revolutionize affairs
in the Chinese empire by unseating
the present dynasty. Colonel English
confirms this statement of the Chinese
Embassador. and adds that the plan
is headed by the nephew of the
Dowager Empress. \
A number of young men have re
ceived commissions during the past
few days in Omaha and nearby points.
It is estimated that fully 1500 appoint
ments have already been made.
OMAHA, Nebr., May 23.— Nine
thousand Americans are wanted as'of
ficers of an army of a half million
men which is being raised in China to
overthrow the present dynasty. The
nephew of the Dowager Empress Is at
the head of the movement. General
Edmond F. English, a veteran of the
Civil War, who has been working
quietly in the Middle West for three
months, says he has been floodedwith
applications for commissions.
It has been understood that the of
ficers were wanted for a reorganiza
tion of the imperial army of China.
A week ago General English gave out
a statement, in which he said:
"A reform movement is going on in
China, in every branch of the govern
mental service. I have been" solicited
to secure applications from Americans
of military experience to officer the
Chinese army. The object is to se
cure the best talent possible and to
put the army on a level with the rest
of the world."
Chinese Reformers Enlist Men for
Revolutionary Army.
RECRUITING VAMERICANS.
The correspondent of the Standard at
Shanghai says reports have been re
ceived from Mukden that the Chinese
there are alarmed because of threats
made by the Russians that they will
burn Liaoyang and Mukden before re
tiring to Harbin. The correspondent
adds that the Tartar Viceroy at Muk
den has ordered a brigade of Chinese
troops to occupy that place after the
Russians retire.
LONDON, May 24.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Yinkow says:
"A third Japanese army is mobilizing
at Hiroshima. A change in the Japa
nese plan, arising from the naval dis
asters, involves the utilizing of the sec
ond army for the reduction of Port Ar
thur, and therefore the first army is
Intrenching at Fengwangcheng."
The Morning Post's Shanghai corre
spondent says it is reported fhat the
Russians are removing stores and pi"o
visions to Harbin, and that 100 locomo
tives and 800 cars are collected at Liao
yang in readiness to convey passengers
and goods. Therefore, he says, the con
clusion is that the Russians are pre
paring^to retreat.
A dispatch to the Daily Telegraph
from Brussels says that the Russian
and Japanese governments are com
peting sharply for the purchase ' of
transports in Holland and Belgium. As
Russia has acquired almost all the
large ships which were for sale, Japan
will have to be content with the small
er vessels. The dispatch adds that
Japanese agents purchased at Antwerp
yesterday several vessels of from 2000
to 3000 tons, and it is supposed that
these will be converted into armed
cruisers.
'LIAOYANG, May 23. — According to
the latest reports the Japanese camps
are infected with cholera and there is
an average ofNIOO deaths daily. The
military * situation is . comparatively
quiet. Russian patrols are success
fully harassing the left of the Japan
ese advance.
Heavy Mortality in the Japanese Army
West of the Yalu.
CHOLERA IN ARMY CAMPS.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 23.— The
following dispatch, dated May 22,
from General Kuropatkin, has been
received by Emperor Nicholas:
"All is quiet in the direction of^the
Finchowling Mountains. It is report
ed from Siuyen that on May 21a Jap
anese force, consisting altogether of
about one regiment of infantry and
t^vo regiments of cavalry of the guard
and of the line, was observed moving
on the broad front from Habalin to
ward Salitzaiputz. There is no change
in-tthe situation along the shore of the
Liaotung Peninsula."
General' Kuropatkin Reports No
Change hi the Situation. .
into the air. Tfte Jews then dispersed.
No one was wounded on either side.
One Jew was arrested. The population,
is considerably excited by the event.
QUIET AT THE FRONT.
Hundreds of disguised soldiers are
coming up the river, styling themselves
working men.. They remain idle and
are well fed, while the Russians are
unable to get food. The Chinese of
ficials are obsequious to Toulisan, who
collects the taxes of the district.
Swarms of disguised Chinese soldiers
are in the vicinity of Liaoyang, and
Chinese troops are guarding the Shan
haikwan-Shinmintung Railway. The
Russians are having the greatest dif
ficulty in pacifying the inhabitants,
who apparently are anxious to rise
against them. Toulisan. General Ma
and Viceroy Yuan Shi Kai are partisans
of the Ming dynasty and are openly
planning a revolution, with the aid of
the Japanese, who cleverly take ''ad
vantage of the quarrels between the
partisans of the Tai Sing and Ming
dynasties. The former is championed
by the bannermen, or privileged class
of Mongols, who hate the Chinese. The
latter are headed by Yuan Shi Kai and
the whole Chinese nation. The
provinces and cities where the Chinese
element predominates are invariably
pro-Japanese. ! The Russian sympa
thizers are to be found only among the
bannermen Mongols.
ors. Toulisan's district is the granary
of Manchuria. He is a great organizer
and built seven immense granaries,
which are strongly garrisoned. Toulisan
ordered the inhabitants to bring in
their surplus grain, forbidding them to
sell it to the Russians and ordering
them to receive the grain^ for the
Chinese armies which are coming from
the northwest.
On the way over passengers on the
junk just arrived heard firing in the
direction of Port Arthur last night.
'•The Japanese have reported io the
Consul here that a wreck in the Liao
tung Gulf Is dangerous to navigation,
and it is possible that this is the other
ship damaged at Port Arthur on the
15th inst., as the Japanese fleet is
known to have entered the gulf after
the disaster to the Hatsuse.
• The attempt of the Japanese to land
troops in the Gulf of KInchou on the
16th inst, failed, owing to insufficient
water to float the boats.
There has been no fighting in the
vicinity of Port Arthur up to Satur
day last since the Kinchou fight on
the 15th, when two squadrons of Jap
anese cavalry were practically anni
hilated, onlv eight men escaping.
Several unsuccessful attempts were
miide by the Japanese to land troops
at Talienwan last week, it is said.
Of the few soldiers left at Dalny
the majority have gone to Port Aurthr
and the only defenses left there now
are the mines in the harbor.<i
The Russians are now confident of
hording Port. Arthur with the 30,000
men stationed there, exclusive of the
navy and the crowds of mechanics
working on the damaged warships, all
of which, except the Cesarevitch and
the Retvizan, are ready to rejoin the
fleet. These latter vessels will be
ready for sea service by June 1.
The entrance to the harbor, says
the Russian mariner, has been cleared
and small boats now pass in and out
freely from Port Arthur to Dalny.
The forts on the land side of Port
Arthur have been completed and are
now prepared for a severe contest.
REPORTS JAPANESE DEFEAT.
It is not expected that great diffi
culty will be experienced in capturing
the most northerly line of the Russian
works, but the defenses on the semi
circle of hills some three miles from
the dockyard .present a more serious
problem. .They consist" of permanent
works connected by intrenchments not
open to: combined military and naval
assault;'. ;'
ARE PROCEEDING - CAUTIOUSLY.
While the Japanese desire to re
duce Port Arthur with as littte de
lay as possible, they have no intention
of proceeding in a headlong manner.
They do not regard the situation as
calling for such haste as might in
volve disaster to the besieging or as
saulting army. The only thing likely
to bring matters to an immediate cli
max would be the appearance of the
Baltic lleet on the scene. Heavy bom
bardments followed by assaults are
the tactics to be employed against the
fortress.
The captain of a Russian merchant
man, who left Port Arthur on May 20,
Is among the recent arrivals from
Dalny. He says that the whole of the
Japanese fleet had not returned to
Port Arthur since the 15th inst., when,
besides the battleship -^Hatsuse, an
other big vessel struck' a mine and
was towed away disabled. Gunboats
and torpedo-boats returned off the
port on the 20th inst., when the Rus
sians succeeded in sinking a small
gunboat and two torpedo-boats.
CKEFU, May, 23.— During a cruisd
round Liaotung Peninsula, from which
it returned this«.morning, the dispatch
boat Fawan discovered signs of re
newed naval activity on the part of
Admiral Togo's fleet near Port Arthur
and Dalny. A flotilla of nine torpedo
boats and destroyers was seen proceed
ing in the direction of Port Arthur.
There are indications that the entrance
to the harbor is only partially block
ed. Many .Chinese junks are reported
to have been blown up by the mines
which the Russians have floated, out
into Liaotung Gulf and Liaotshan
channel to the great risk of all ship
ping.
General Oku's preparations to attack
Port Arthur are steadily progressing.
The Japanese troops are occupying
main /iposilions commanding the ap
proaches to- the Kinchou Isthmus. The
Secondhand Third army corps are coj
operating in driving Kuropatkin's de
tachments out of Liaotung Peninsula.
The operations for the seizure of the
isthmus -will be assisted by warships
lying in shore on both flanks of the
land forces.
Sp«clal Dlar>atch to The Call.
General Kuropatkin Is Preparing for a General Retreat of His Forces
to the Siberian Frontier.
An investigation made by the au
thorities ' ir.to the recent attempts to
destroy some of the vessels of the Bal
tic fleet at Kronstadt has resulted in
thp arrest of four Japanese spies, who
seira. to have escaped detection by
wearing the uniform of naval cadets,
thus -obtaining admission to the navy
yard and access to the ships without
difficulty. It is believed that they are
responsible also for the fire started
some time ago near the naval maga
zine and for the opening of the sea
.valves of the Orel. The authorities here
believe the Japanese have been har
bored by anarchists.
raised, has not sustained any damage.
The investigation into the cause of the
accident is not concluded.
SX- "PETERSBURG. May 23.— The re
port that Rear Admiral Jessen, finding
ll impossible to save the protected
cruiser Bogatyr, which went ashore re
'ccntly in a fog off Vladivostok, caused
h^er to be blown up is confirmed. The
puns of the Bogratyr were removed be
ipre^she was destroyed. No loss of life
attended her destruction.
• The Admiralty reports that the bat-
Ufship Or?l, which suddenly sunk at
h^r anchorage at Kronstadt on the
flight of May 20 as the result, accord
ing to report, of her eea valves being
open, and which was subsequently
PAJUS. May 24.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Matin says:
"It is rumored that the Vladivostok
squadron has captured three cruisers
¦bought by Japan from Chile."
• LONDON. May 23.— The St. Peters
burg correspondent pf the Central News
eays thrre was a new explosion to-day
on" board the battleship Orel at Kron
etadt and that ten stokers were killed.
The vessel, the correspondent says,
v as damaged and it will take weeks to
effect repairs. The explosion,' accord
ing to the dispatch, was the result of
an accumulation of gas in the bunkers.
Japanese Ready to Make
Desperate Onslaught
• Upon. Port Arthur.
Vladivostok Squadron Is Said
• .to Have Taken Three
War Vessels.
WARSHIPS
WILL AID
IN ATTACK
DISASTER
ON SEA IS
RUMORED
r . - ¦¦¦--¦¦
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY,,, MAY 24, 19(fe.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 23. — It is reported that Foreign Minister Lanisdorfl has received a mes
sage from the Russian Consul at Chefu, saying that the Japanese have made a land attack bn Port Ar
thur and that In doing so they lost 15,000 men killed or wounded. The Russian loss is placed at 3000
men. The ultimate outcome of the fighting is not stated. Similar reports have reached the Russian
headquarters at Uiaoyang from Chinese sources. The Chinese declare the Japanese made a desperate at
tack on Port Arthur, but were repulsed with enormous losses. No news of the reported battle has come
from an official source, other than the message from the Chefu Consul, but this is explained by the fact
that Port Arthur is cut off from communication.
RUSSIAN CONSUL REPORTS GREAT BATTLE AT PORT ARTHUR
JAPANESE SHIPS REPORTED CAPTURED;
LOSS OF RUSSIAN CRUISER CONFIRMED
provides an order of morning service
and an order for the baptism of in
fants. Both orders are to be optional.
3
PRESBYTERIANS
CHANGE REPORT
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Two kinds of goods an
trade; a bargain's a bargain
and . moneyback. One make?
friends, and the other losec
•em.
Schilling's Best at your
"FORCE" does please
your palate, but it treats
your stomach right, too.
If you're going on ft " diet." it probably wont
be neeeaaary to make a martyr of yourself.
Jukt cm out a few of the quarrelsome combl-
n» tions arid mi txrtltute " FOUCE."
Try It for one week. / -
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ \
SEEP TOT7R HEAD UHCOVEBED.
Tho Constant Wearing- of a Eat Propa-
gates Dandruff Germs.
There are many men who wear, their
hats practically all the time when awake,
and arc -blessed with a heavy, shock of
h.iir; yet if the scalps of these same men
once became infested with dandruff
germs, the parasites would multiply all
the quicker for lack o& air. Baldness
would ensue as .the final result. New^
bro's Herplcide kills, these germs and
stimulates unhealthy hair to abundant
growth. Herpicido is a pleasant hair
dressing as well as a dandruff cure and
contains not an atom of injurious 'sub-
stance. Sold by leading druggists. Send
3 0c. in stamps for sample to The Herpi-
cide Co., Detroit; Mich. , "
.. ¦ . *
"Good for Bad Teeth
Kot Ead for Good Teeth*
Gl v© a tho Toeth c Poorly Lustre *
B1QB0X -¦'¦SS 25c
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
ADVEB.TISEMENTS.
ADVEHTTSEMENTa,
DE f L p L ER wY T E H LY KIDNEY CATARRH
. — I.I ¦¦¦¦¦¦ »M1 — !^^ '
DOCTORS AND nr nil Mil SAVED
friends rt"nU"NA him.
DESPAIRED—
I MR. GEORGE KING. |
Only recent medical investigation has revealed the fact that catarrh
is responsible forjnost of the diseases of the kidneys.
Many people don't get troll because they fail to use the catarrh euro
Peruna.
MR. GEORGE KING. Deputy Sheriff great pain and discomfort. \t times th«
of Rensselaer Co.. N. T., for years pains in my back were unbearable. I
was a well-known merchant of would have a peculiar dizziness In tho
Troy. In a letter from Xo. 45 Kins St., head, and altogether I was miserable.
Troy. N. Y., he writes: After trying: many remedies. I finally
,,_ , . ...--.•¦' took Peruna. and the way it took hold of
"Peruna cured me from what the doc- my trouble was marvelous. It cured me
tor's were afraid would turn into Bright's so quickly that I am glad to be able to
Disease, after I had suffered with ca- wn^forV^^whLn^ir
tarrh of the bladder and kidney trouble. i P can "t-j G. Idlrtln whenever
r S5f*T ! - a b ] esslng to a ,, slck man ,- Catarrhal Inflammation of the mu-
Eight bottles made me a well man and coua u nlns or t fi e kidneys, also called
were worth more than a thousand dol- .-Brighfs disease," may be either acute
Ia /?i t 1 "?' X ca " not s Peak too highly or chr onic. The acute form produces
? t U^, I 1 is ,T OW v 0Ur yeal i S 8l i lce l waS symptoms of such prominence that the
troubled and I have enjoyed perfect s^ rl0^ us na ture of the disease is at once
health since. —George King. suipected. but the chronic variety may
_ . .... -,.. '- . . come on so gradually and Insidiously
Catarrh of the Kidneys Cured by that its presence is not suspected until
P<» m na after it has fastened Itself thoroughly
re-ru-na. upon itg vlctlm . ,
Mr. J. G. Martin. 1229 St. Denis St.. At the appearance of the first symp-
Montreal. Que.'. Clerk in the Custom torn Peruna should be taken. This rem-
House. and Soloist Notre Dame Catholic edy strikes at once at the very root of
Church, writes: '" the disease.
"I contracted a heavy cold last winter A book on catarrh sent free by The
which settled in my kidneys, causing me Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus. O.
!
grnflEN GAffc/v
FGoldeih^l
I Gate
I Coffee .
n has an individual flavor fl
ll that pleases the most S
11 critical coffee drinker. H
11 There is no substitute. If (I
I you have been deluded //
»1 into the belief that //
1 you must have a substi- If
. I I tutc (cereal), drink I jl
ffj\ cambric tea— hot water I Vjj
|jw sweetened to taste. yOC*
/gGoHIen Gateffc
f/5 is sold by high CWl
jf J grade grocer*. W«|
\ 1 1 and 2 1b. aroma-tight tin*. V]
'\ J' A. Folgor <& Co. if
\ . San Francleco ll
\ Importers of Fin* Ceffa** /r
Go into any fur-
,-~-* v >f?' nishing goods store,
pay $i.oo for a shirt,
/%g£sSL 1 % /^ 7 \i r^^$^<&vh same quality gar-
\ >y^s^T^A \C^^^^^^^ ment which we are
' $\ \ % \ l^m^^W selling <o-day and
..Jw^Y^^v^^l^ yr> to-morrow for 75c.
\\^'"'"\^ ji&& : $Zp'*y Tk e materials are
'wlP^ v^: v^ *\*Sv o^t^^v^^^i^^® Madras, Cheviot and
v^. Vi xV^Pi^ in" a y' tan an d blue
>k vK \S-*^ The shirts are cut
*^^il^>*^V^ \V -J^^ °* s^ eevc lengths,
w]vk ]p^ w^h neck measures
¦*%*£:$}$* 'S&&^ from 14 to 17.
"^ . Cushion collar but-
ton protectors; double sewed seams; separate cuffs.
r These shirts will fit, wash and wear to your entire ' satis-
faction. Lay in a supply — buy three or four — 75c each.
Oul-of-tmvn orders filled — write us.
740 Market StreetWASHINGTON. May 23.— The President ha*
rcappointed W. L.. Distin as purveyor general
of Alaska, with headquarters at Sltka.
BAKERSFIELD, May 23.— Reliable
news has reached Bakersfleld that a
large surveying gang. is at work-in the
fields between Sunset and the . Pacific
Ocean laying out a route for a«plpe
line which will transport olKfrom the
west side districts to Port Harford or
some other coast point. , H. W. Mc-
Cray, who surveyed the proposed Mid
land Pacific Railroad, is at the' head of
the party and it is believed here, that
he is in the employ of Chanslor &
Canfleld. the wealthy oil men, who re
cently filed articles of incorporation for
a pipe line to be run from Midway to
?he coast. .
Plan New Oil Pipe Une.
CAPITOLA. May 23. — Willis Hotch
kiss. the African missionary, gave a
thrilling account of his foreign work
before the Students' Conference at
Capitola this morning.
• Miss. Helen. Barnes of New York
City, at the alumnae conference,
spoke on the qualifications for exten
sion work. Miss Paxson of Chicago
discussed the purposes of the asso
ciation and "Hpw the Committees and
Cabinet Can work Together." Miss
Caxlotta Moyer of Sacramento spoke
on "How. the College Girl Can Help
the City Association."
A large party of the students went
to the Big Trees on a trip this after
noon. „-/>' . '
Prominent Delegates Discuss lire
Issues Before the Young: Women's
Convention.
STUDENTS AT CAPITOLA
HEAR MANY ADDRESSES
NETW YORK, May 23.— Floyd, Crawford &.
Co., the •usp^nded brokerage firm, confessed
bankruptcy to-day and a receiver was aj>
poirrted. A emlement with creditors is being
megotlated.
MANILA, May 23.— Only meager de
tails have been received here from
Camp Overton, on the island of Min
danao, concerning the massacre that
took place on the 12th inst. near Mala
bang, on the southern coast of Minda
nao. The flfty-three Filipino men,
women and children slaughtered were
the families of employes of the United
States military government at Mala
bang. They were surprised at midnight
while asleep by the Datto All's Moros
from the Rio Grande Valley. The chief
and his followers escaped before the
alarm could be given.
Major General Wood has been in the
interior of Mindanao since May 12.
Cable communication between Manila
and Mindanao is interrupted and the
wires are down in the Interior of the
island. The report of the massacre was
received by mail from a correspondent
at Camp Overton.
DEATH COMES TO NATIVES
WHILE THEY LIE ASLEEP
Meaner Details From Camp Overton
Show That Recent Massacre Oc
curred at Midnight.
TACOMA, Wash., May 23.— William
Fisk, an Orting: farmer, is dead from
Injuries sustained Friday while clear
ing land. Two men with whom he was
working loosened a log, which started
rolling down hill. Flsk was in its
path. He tried to escape, but fell. Thp
log severed his leg at the knee. He died
to-day at a hospital. He was 62 years
of age, and leaves a widow and four
daughters.
Killed by Kollinjr Log.
Mrs. Dunn is a bride of six weeks and
was living somewhere in California be
fore settling in Seattle. Both she and
her husband say there was no occasion
for a rumor about attempted suicide.
She simply made a mistake and got
the wrong bottle.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 23.— Mrs.
John Dunn, who came here with her
husband a few weeks ago. swallowed a
dose of carbolic acid last Saturday
night. Six doctors managed to pull her
through.
Bride Swallows Poison.
Doroles Randolph occupies a cot in
Waldeck Hospital as the result of her
effort to end her life last night with
poison. According to the proprietor
of t&e Gotham, 206 O'Farrell street,
the woman appeared to be ill last
evening, but denied having made any
attempt to end her life. The circum-
Ftancys indicate a serious case, how
ever, and the matter was reported to
the police and the patient was taken
to the hospitali She was not a reg
ular roomer at the Gotham, but had
been a frequent caller there. Ignor
ance as to the cause of the woman's
aftemYH at self-destruction was the
contention of all the attaches of the
place, but that poison was taken with
suicidal intent the physicians at the
hospital admit, but say the woman
will recover. .
Woman Attempts Suicide.
War Department orders were issued
as follows: First-class Sergeant August
Wall, signal corps, Benicia Barracks,
will be sent to St. Paul, Minn., to re
lieve first-class Private Joseph W. Mc-
Morris, signal corpe. First-class Pri
vate McMorris on report of his relief
will be sent to Fort Lawton, Washing
ton, with a view to his assignment to
duty in Alaska. Sergeant Wirt Adams,
One Hundred and Fifth Company of
Coast Artillery, Presidio, will be trans
ferred to the general recruiting service
as private, and will be sent to the re
cruiting station at East Douglass ave
nue, Wichita, Kan?.
Bids were opened to-day at the Treas
ury Department for the furniture for
the Federal building at San Francisco.
The lowest bidder was W. T. Sloane of
San Francisco.
fl'he following changes among the of
ficers of the national banks were made:
First National Bank of Covina, Her
man W. Hellman president, in place of
C. H. Ruddock, and W. M. Griswold
cashier, in place of F. M. Douglass.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— Edwin
Stanton was to-day commissioned Post
master at Avalon, Cal., and W. H.
Woodell of San Francisco was appoint
ed packer in the medical department
of the War Department, located at San
Francisco.
San Franciscan Receives Appoint
ment as Packer — Changes Among:
Rank Officials.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Clement H. Willis and Mrs. Elenora
Thomas were arrested in this city last
night by Detective Charles Taylor and
Sheriff Trafton of Santa Cruz on war
rants charging them with forgery.
Both are accused of a series of crimes
comrjfltted in Santa Cruz, and, it is
claimed, they have been fugitives from
Justice since last October. Their il
legal transactions netted them about
$400. it is claimed.
Willis, an ex-soldier, lived with Mrs.
Thomas for some time. The latter Is
but 18 years of age. ,It is alleged that
during their sojourn in Santa Cruz he
procured blank checks from the Peo
ple's Bank of that place and induced
the woman to fill them out and sign
them for various amounts. He then
indorsed them, it is claimed, and dis
tributed them among merchants after
having made small purchases, pocket
ing the cash change.
Willis was arrested at a quarry at
San • Bruno road and Twenty-sixth
street. The woman was taken prisoner
in a lodging-house downtown.
Several Mouths.
FujrltA-Ps From Santa Cruz Remain in
Concealment in This City for
EX-SOLDIER AND WOMAN
IN PRISON FOR FORGERY
Police. Officer* James McGowan and
C P. F. Conlon raptured four alleged
••(vftarf raw" lust night just as they
»-(tp about to start on a cruise in
pearrh of plunder. One of the prison
ers. Edward Crawford, is about 25
yeartf of age, .and is said to be the
ie«>d<'r *j1 'the pang and instigator of
trim" among those his Junior. The
°othcr prisoners, Charles Turslen. John
Brown «nd James Johnson, are all un
der 20 years of age, and Johnson in
particular is said by the police to have
a very bad reputation.
•fieoe&tly there has been much petty
thievery along the water front and
McGowan and Conlon were detailed
= to intesticat**. Their efforts were re
wardrti last night when they came
upon the quartet. The four were in a
Fmall boat and were under the Green
wich-street wharf prepared to start
out on an expedition. The officers say
th£ prisoners are responsible for much
nf°the 'crime along the front and that
Crawford, who is a remittance man
and who owns the- boat, is a sort of
a Fagin among the others.
Quartet Taken Just as They Were
Ma Wins Preparations for a
Cmlx*.
POLICE LAM) SUSPECTED
"WHARF BATS" IN PRISON
TUCSON. Ariz., May 23. — The Ari
zona Democratic Convention met here
to-day and was a very lively, and for
some, unsatisfactory assemblage. M.
F. Tarpey and others were here from
San Francisco to look after the inter
ests of W. R. Hearst. A programme
had been previously arranged by the
Hearst managers and when the con
vention opened this afternoon the
names for the committees were read
and the committees reported ' soon
thereafter. TheYe was a contest over
the Pima County delegation of six
teen'and it is charged by .some that
at a caucus held Sunday . the - entire
programme was prepared v whlch was
put through the convention to-day.
Resolutions were adopted instructing
the delegation to vote for Hearst as
long as his name is before the conven
tion. When the committee on order
of business reported the slate prepar
ed by the caucus it was recommended
to be put through. Pima and other
counties objected and there was a
lively scene for a while. Finally a
motion to adjourn prevailed, al
though the convention had not entire
ly completed its work.
Hearst's Slate Meets Strong Opposi
tion From Many Sources. \.
STIRRING TIME IN ARIZONA.
"Bryan and Hearst," he said, "have
nothing in common so far as their po
litical principles are concerned. Hearst
is an imperialist; he stood with Eng
land in the Boer war; he is not a true
Democrat in anything except his anti
trust fight. He will not have- the Ne
braska delegation."
The Importance of this statement will
be seen when it is added that it comes
from a man who will in all probability
be a delegate to the national conven
tion. The same man Insists that the
reorganizers, who are conducting a
fight in Nebraska under the title of the
OMAHA. May 23.— A close friend of
Bryan to-day ridiculed the suggestion
that the success of Bryan in Nebraska
would throw the State into the Hearst
column.
Rryanites in Nebraska Not In Sympa
thy With the liklitor.
HEARST AX IMPERIALIST.
"The Republican State and National
tickets will not be endangered by the
contest. Illinois will roll up its old-time
Republican majority, and It Is absurd
for the Democrats to expect the Repub
licans of our State to rent upon the
national administration any spirit of
ill-nature they might have toward each
other. In fact, I do , not believe ill
nature will mark the campaign, and I
believe firmly that a nomination will
be made which will have the support of
every Republican In the State."
WASHINGTON, May 23.— Senator
Cullom of Illinois, who returned from
Chicago to-day, looks , for a break In
the State convention deadlock when It
reassembles and an early nomination
for the Governorship. He says the
breathing spell will restore harmony.
In speaking of the situation to-night
the Senator said:
Senator CuIIora Declares Illinois Sit
uation Is Clearing. '
SAYS DEADLOCK WILL END.
"W. L. Finney, the manager for
Hearst, as chairman of the State Cen
tral Committee, will call the conven
tion to order on Wednesday morning.
R. L. Starr, chairman, and the rest
of the temporary organization are
Hearst men.
committee on credentials.
Under a rule of the last two Demo
cratic State <"onvontions that were
' controlled by Mayor Johnson of Cleve
land, the State Central Committee will
determine to-morrow morning: which
contesting delegates shall take part in
the district m^ftings to-morrow after
noon to select members of the new
'Statf Central Committee and the mem
, bers of the committees on credentials,
resolutions, permanent organization,
rules and order of business.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, May 23.— The
Hearst men to-n!ght claim a majority
In the State Central Committee to
morrow, when contests will be deter
mined from the following counties:
Cuyahoga, 73; Hamilton, 45; Franklin,
55; Montgomery, 24; Summit, 12;
Miami, T; Madison, 4; total, 200.
The Hrvan-Hearst men call them
selves "the regulars" and the others
•'the rconranizrrs." Their opponents
call themselves the "conservatives"
and th<? others the "radicals."
The Bryan-Hearst men's poll for the
723 delfgates is: Regulars, 351; reor
gmxtixen. 172; doubtful. 200, the last
nam<d including: the contested seats.
The conservatives say the contests
¦will be <Jf-cidod in their favor by the
Editor's Campaign Managers Boast That the Democratic State
Central Committee Will This Morning Decide in Their Favor
. Contests Involving a Total of Two Hundred Delegates
Democratic Success League, cannot
possibly carry more than two of th«
ninety counties in Nebraska.
HEARST CLAIMS MAJORITY
IN THE OHIO CONVENTION
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1904.
4
WHY NOT TRY
¦Highland
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE
Sprlpgs
WE OFFER TOU THE BEST OF MINERAL
waters, accommodations and service.
Table unaurpasnvd. Rooms hard finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All the popular aporta and amusements. Liv-
ery, telephone and poatofflce. •*
8horteat route and cheapest far* to Laks
Cbunty. Most centrally situated. Delightful
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now.
TERMS— $10 to $17 60 per week. For Book,
let. etc.. call on our agent. H. R, DUFF1N.
638 Market atreet. or addreaa
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs. CaL
I Spend Your Vacation
for $>2O at
San Luis
not Sulphur
Springs san "&!"*•"•
The most Ideal reaort for pleasure and
health on the Pacific Coast. : Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, San Luis
Oblspo, Cal.. and return. Including stage
to and from springs and one week's
. board for $20.00 to 922.OO. according
to location of rooms, or board and a.com-
rnodations 9O.OO to 912.00 per week.
Scenlo vurroundlnjra. free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. Fine
shady walka, tennla and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for - guests.' Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Oaa
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table la well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our sitasre meets trains
arriving at San Luis Oblspo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This Is so hospital or sanatorium.
The mineral waters at
AETNA SPRINGS
Equal any of the kind
found in Europe. They
relieve rheumatism, dia-
- betes and dyspepsia. Just
send for Booklet. AETNA
SPRINGS CO., Napa Co*
Calif.
: CAMP CURRY {
' 5 THE BEST '
WEATHER FINE '
I C FALLS FULL \
YOSEMITE 1
BLUE
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
Ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. "WEISMAX. Mldlake P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.,
or call on Dr. Happersberger. 1104 Market. S. F.
X-. A. IKIES
SEIGLER springs
Natural Hot Plunge and Steam Baths. Posi-
tive cure for rheumatism, asthma. Wonderful
waters for liver, kidney and all stomach troub-
le*. SwimmlnE pond, orchestra. Fare $9 re-
turn trip. Electric lights. Housekeeping cot-
tages. Arsenic beauty baths. • Rates $10 to $12
per week. Baths and amusements free. II. H.
McGOWAN. prop.. Seigler, Lake Co.. Cal.
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management: no staging; depot on
grounds: phone; fare $2 40; Tlburon ferry;
rates $10 to $15 week; table first-class; our
own dairy; hot mineral baths; swimming tank;
livery; billiards; croquet. Booklet Peck'a Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery st., ' or BARKER A
ROSS, Lytton Springs, Sonoma County, Cal.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America. The only lake
resort that has Its own mineral springs. Boat-
ing, swimming, fishing and hunting. EDGAR
Dt'BNAN, sole proprietor. Laurel Dell P. O..
Lako County. Cat. '
VICHY SPRINCS
Three miles from Uklah, Mendocino County.
Natural electric waters, . champagne baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal
spring; accommodations and table first class.
J. A. REDEMEYER. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. Two miles from Hopland.
Tine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Ratea $10 to $12 per week.
' CAMP PISTOLES1
Marln County. Is now open.
Own Summer Horns 5 is^co. Cmu Meeier
Pure water, equable climate, lota selling $16
op; cottages built by Meeker. $50 up; depot:
¦tores; restaurant; hotel; - post and express;
telephone; sawmill; 900 lots sold; 300 cottages
built. ¦ Sausallto • ferry, N/ S. R. R. M. C.
MEEKER, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINUS
STAGE LINE: — Hopland to Bartlett Sprint*,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers ror Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stagea connect wltb
tralna at Hopland. Leave Hopland at 12:3U;
arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arriv* at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New 6-hors* 14-passenger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern Im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Ban.
let* Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line. • Tickets can be purchased at office
of California N. \V. Ry.. 600 Market St.. or
at Tlburon ferry.
. _ . MILLER A HOWARD. Props.
CAiarOKNIA REDWOOD FABK (Big
Basin) — Union Mill Camp and Tavern: 8 mlle a
ficm Boulder Creek R. R. station. Dally atage.
Family table. Furnished cabins;, camping
grounds; $8 and $10 per week. Under the giant
redwoods; perfect climate; grand scenery.
•SEPP/' ORAHAMER, Boulder Creek. Cal.
CAZADERG
Tie Oem of AU northern Batreats.
Orove, Forest. Qlade and Dell.
Crest. Canyon, Hill and Dale.
Knoll, Knob. Peak and Mountain.
The home of the trout and the haunt of th«
deer. Reached over the North Shorn Ry.. vi*
Saueallto Ferry.
A year ago I leased this reaort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure to
tell you that, owine to last aeaaon'a big an4
unprecedented patronage. I have purchased th!»
magnificent domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of ail the prop-
erties. Insuring the beat of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley haa
been added, alao a new tennis court, and boat-
Ing and bathing on the river, all. free to guests.
Free camping-grounds tn the Cazadero giant
redwoods from May until -October, but sani-
tary rules must be complied with.
Lots, one-quarter acre, for sale, from $104
op. and cottages built to suit at city figure*.
Take Sausallto Ferry via North Shore Rail-
road. Round trip, good for six month.*, $3 73.
Round trip, Friday till Monday, $3; no stag-
ing: depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages, $2 per day; $10 to $14 per week; spe-
cial rat* by the month. ,
For particulars other than herein givea writ*
J. J. THIRION. owner and manager. Hotel d-l
Cazadero. Sonoma Co-.. Cal.. or North Shore
R. R. office, 626 Market St., San Francisco.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
SEN LOMONI>— Santa Crus County.
V REGULAR SEASON.
Win open May 13th under entirely new man-
agement. Round 'rip tickets from San Frao-
Cisco $3.00. For booklet apply Peck'a Bursau.
11 Montgomery St.. 8. F.. or to WILLIAM u.
DODGE. Lessee.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to th<t
meat ptcturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line .n the State. Leaves Calls-
toga daily (Sundays excepted) at ll:.".O a. m.,
direct to Harbin, Selgler, Adams. Howard. An-
derson. Hobergs. Spiers, Astorgs and Glenbrook;
half hour for lunch at Calistoga; also to Mid-
dletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvjlie and Lakeport.
Livery In connection. WM. SPIERS. Prop.
"*¦' WHY EXPERIMENT?
Co to ADAMS SPRINGS
Lake County. Cal.. and get cured of stomach,
liver and kidney trouble. Information at Peck's
Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.. and at Travelers'
Bureau, 30 Montgomery st. Reduced rates. iJ
(or round trio. Testimonials of more people
cured than any springs in California. Send lor
book. Address DR. W. R. PRATHER, Adams
Springs.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guerneville in a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; will build a dam In the river; 4 miles
of smooth water for boating and bathlns.
Adults $2 per day. $10 per week; children
under 10 half ratea. Special rates for fami-
lies. Opens May L Addreaa MR9. I* C. O-'O-
FIUS, Camp Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma Connty. CaL
/THE TALLAC SIS*.
Now open. The Summer Resort of America.
European plan only. Cafe first-class. Prices rea-
sonable. Resident physician. No consumptives^
Pamphlets at 9. P. office. 613 Market street. Ad-
dress M. LAWRENCE A CO.. Tallac? Cal.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cnxz Mountains,
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery, or S. P. Co., 813 Market. B»
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond, Cal.
LOS GATOS.
HOTEL LYNDON— Modern improvements.
extecalve grounds; popular amusements; lav*
tennis, croquet; climate nnaurpasaed. Opposite
depot. J. P. MOGEN8ON. Prop
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Open June 1. new hotel; large dining-room,
telephone, hunting, fishing, swimming, bowl,
ing. dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau.
SO Montgomery st. DR. W. A. McCORNACK.
proprietor.
ITr o o k w a y
Lake Tahoe
OP5NS JUME l«t-
Write FRANK B. ALVERSON*. Mgr..
i&-"}i- Brockway. Cal.
TAHOE TATEBN — Situated on, th»
shores of Lake Taboe. the largest and most
beautiful body of water in the world at this
elevation Is now cpen for the accommodation
of guests. The tavern will be conducted thla
aeaaon by Mr. F. W. Richardson, manager of
California's famous mission hotel. The Glen-
wood. Riverside, which is sufficient jcuarantea
that It will be strictly first-class. The table
will be supplied, with ail delfcacies of the sea-
son, while fishermen will be constantly em-
ployed to furnish lake trout. For rates address
F. W. RICHARDSON.
CAMPBELL HOT SPBXVQS,
In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sierra County.
S00O feet elevation. Are beautifully located
at the head of the great Sierra Valley. 3O
miles long by i miles wide, surrounding which
la the great primeval forest of pine and fir. A
specialty is made of the table. The hot springs
are vnequaled for the Cure of rheumatism,
gout, liver and kidney complaints and all blood
and *kln diseases. Kates for room and board.
$r» to $!¦* per week. Round trip from Saa
Francisco to springs via Boca. $14 6a Stac»
daily except Sunday, connecting with « p. m.
train from San Francisco.
WHITNEY HOUSE,
Truckee. Cal. The leading hotel. Headquar-
ters for tourists and commercial men. Summer
and winter reaort. Meal station for passen-
gers. Stage for Lakes Independence and Web-
ber. Camobell Hot Ssrtnca and Slerravllle.
STEWART McKAY, proprietor.
LAKE TASOr.
LAKESIDE PARK. Open May 1. Hotel,
cottages and tents. Popular family resort. De-
llehtful camping grounds near steamer land-
ing. Furnished tents to rent. "Booklets. Trav-
elers' Bureau. 30 Montgomery St., or of E. D.
Smith A Co.. Stateline P. P.. Cal.
"THE OBOVE."
Lake Tahoe half a mile east of Tallac. oa
lakj «hore: rates $2. no a day: $10.00 a week:
meals SOc. Good saddle- horses and the best
of livery. Boats free ' to al^ guests. J. E.
FARMETER. proprietor. Tallac. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing: boats: excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee, tn an unbroken
forest. For- Information Inquire at Trsveu-r
office. 30 Montgomery st.. Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. Clemens. Truckee. CaL
' I1FFD PAD1T IVN and coNases; 6 miles from
UCCK lAMIk INN Lak* Tahoe; open Junel;
elevation 0507 feet: mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. 30 Montgomery st.
. J. R. SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal.
LAKE SHORE HOUSE — Glenbrook.
Nev. Cottages to rent $5 up. lst-clasa board, mule
and crsam. fresh vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
x.xrrDWEB'S PABX, Onersrvllla.
A resort for your family. Partly furnished
cottage* $12 per month and up. Tents and
platforms. Near Russian River. Board and
room at $7 60 per week. Set PECK'S. U
Montgomery st. ¦
MOUUTAIJT VTEW KANCH ZOTSL
and cottages. In the mountains, near Sant*
Crus. First-class table and accom.. gas. baths
phone, dally mall bowling, croquet, amua--
menta; terms. $9 up. Campers to Gtenwood. Inc.
carriage. $3 75 round trip. FRANK R. DANN.
Santa Cmz. Frederickaen A Sutton.' Managers,
MI IA ROZA resort. Santa Crux Mountains;
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camjsin;. A. J, GIBBS. Msr.. Olbba, Cai
The Deatifg Trail
Of disease is often the trail marked by
s woman's gown. A recent investiga-
tion showed a horde of microbes, includ-
ing those of influenza, consumption and
a dozen other varieties, gathered ia the
trail of a woman's dress.
The microbe is everywhere, bnt its
prry are tke weak ana feeble people
whose blood k "poor" and digestion
"v: "weak." Dr. Pieree'e
L /wa»_ Golden Medical Discov-
>4jdN£3sk ery cures diseases of the
£9HnPw stomach and other organs
*ft.Diy^ °f digestion and nutrition
ffl^ / and pnrinvs the blood.
feaV ** strengthens the
yyg^ -TOwIt body by increased
nt% EJu W«/ "P!<^»f aewptmy
\^!'. * Bk J Medical Discovery
J1 'J Sy- -* * ias ** oot or me."
wi ites Mrs. N. Ches-
/\\ UVt \\ ley, of Cleveland, Cu y-
/iWlWV \^\ abora Co^ Ohio. «I was
ftWWWi \i troubled for over a yew
ft\\\ W«^\ ti wUtfwhat the doctor pro-
rW\\\\X\. M nounced indigestion. I
f A \\\ \\V 'J bad Bervoos beadaches, aa
Kc \\^V unpleasant taste ia my
Jm*\ V^\. mouth in the morning,
Jvvv*%^^V^. * tt * m J o - *"* veT T
« 1 bo; am now oa txie fourth
lX^^^^OvSiC tban I have for ten years.
W ? cannot speak too highly
i \ \ ***• Pi erce ' f Pleasant
ll\\ V^s4 a 1 Pellets are easy
l\\-W > \^&> A. \ ""I pleasant to
ujK^ \\ v^^l la ' :e * A most
*\«\ jcCv^^V eSectiye laxa-
DR. PIERCE'S BEMEDIES.
DECORATION DAY
HOLIDAYS.
SPECIAL EXCURSION RATES
FOR THE THREE HOLIDAYS,
SATURDAY. SUNDAY AND
MONDAY, MAY 28th,
29th and 30th, the
California Northwestern Ry,
Will make one fare for the round
trip from San Francisco to all
points on the road except sub-
urban.
These tickets will be good go-
ing Saturday, Sunday or Monday,
with the return limit Tuesday, \
May 31st.
This will give many an oppor-
tunity to get out into the country
for. a short trip just when it Is .
at its prettiest.
Get a copy of
"VACATION, 1904."
Look over it and take a pleasant
trip during these three days, and-
at the same time arrange - for
your Summer Outing. -_..¦.
On Monday, May 30th, the train
will leave Camp Vacation at 6:00
p. m.; Russian River Heights,
6:10 p. .m.; Guernewood Park,
6:15 p. m., and Guerneville at
6:20 p. m. From Glen Ellen at
6:15 p. m. Both trains will stop
at intermediate points, arriving -
In San Francisco at 8:45 p. m.
f\ IS A £1 ft O HOT SPRINGS. BONOM A
On/jfTfJO COUNTY: only 4% hours
Vfl " *^^** from g an Francisco ' and
"^ but 9 miles staging ;,l wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
bot mineral water bath In State; boating and
swimming in Warm Spring Creek; good trout
strtams; telephone, telegraph; dally mall, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers; F1R8T-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $5 60. Take
Tlburon ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day Or $12 a week.' References, any
guest of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprecedented. - Information at Tourist' In-
formation Bureau, -11 Montgomery at., or of
J. F. MULOREW, Skaggs, Cal. . .
WHITS BTJXPHOTl SPXIVOS, Vallajo,
Cal. — Most accessible springs to San Francisco;
round trip $L no stage fare; only 2H hours'
tide: & mllea from, Vallejo: hot,' cold ana
plunge sulphur baths J wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, ; liver and
stomach dlseasea. Beautiful groundi and lake
for boating and bathing. ¦ - Dancing pavilion.
New bowling alley and shuffle board. Rates,
$10 -a week, including baths. Address ¦ MAM*
UEL MADRID, Vallejo, CaL.
JmAVKBZ, OBOVE PARK— Children's
resort during summer vacation: beat of home
care;, beautiful grounds: .climate perfect: fresh
milk and eggs; open June 1; terms $5 per
week. MRS. O. W. NICHOLS, Dlmond P. O..
Prultvale. - ¦ . ¦ ..¦--. -.¦.¦,¦ ¦ .
BEDWOOD VTX.I.A BJBSOBT.
- Excellent board, home cooking; tent ground,
if desired, with board, $5. Room and board $9
tj $10. Best hunting and fishing. MRS. A; L.
ACKERMAy. La Honda. San Mateo County.
OCCIDENT AX. JJOTEI., [ XATWA&S8,
- Ftrst-dasa resort; tennis, croquet, bowling,
amusement hall. etc. ..Special ratea to families ¦
Terms reasonable. A. GAUOARO, Prop., pbone
: Black 141. ¦ • ¦¦-¦•.¦ ¦ . ¦ :... . ; i,'.v
BIVXBSEDE KOTEL and COTTAGES
— Near beach; 30 acres beautiful grounds;. spe-
cial ratea to families; write for booklet.. F.
BARSON. / Prqprtetpr. Santa Crux.
BELLE VTXE HOTEL. £1 ' Verano. So-
noma Co., Cal Terms, $1 day and up; hot
mineral spring-- near by. Long dlatance tele-
phone; daily mall. JOHN SERRES,* Proprietor.
SCKAErEB'S GROVE— BOSS VALLEY.
-Private boarding; term* reasonable. Team
meets Sunday morning . trains. Address MRS.
MATT LINDSAY. Boss Station/, - . : .
tog«SS8!g8a5f»a^BIB«B.'^^.t^K*aaMgiMIW».\«M^M»l^B^BMM^Kl
THE GEYSERS
The Most ramooa Health and Ploaima
Bosoirt ia California.
THE CUMATK AND 6CENERT are nnror-
paased and the waters are acknowledged the
best on the mar Vet. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. , Boating, hunting, fishing,
dancing, shuffle-roard, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEt/ AND COTTAGES, have been
r *novated throughout, and new cottages and a
One pavilion built this year.
t There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable In connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, .bath nouses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with the beet the
market affords. Ratea, $10, $12. $14 and llfl
par week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Geysers.
¦ Sonoma County. California.
Agua Caliente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare $1 10; sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred aliments. Wa have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank in the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck'a. 11 Montgomery st,
or address THEO. RICHARDS, Agua Caliente
Springs, Sonoma County, California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can feat 400 guests.
WKjjifi^^ Jose {jv>
' £ Situated in Vendome Park of 12/
ft. acres, a charming summer resort; *•
ZS both city and country advantages; w
gf automobile garage on the grounds fat
.& free to guests. Bathing pavilion, IS
5? bowling alleys, tennis, etc New au- U
<7 to road map of the county mailed u
g on application.
SJ9 _ J. Tv BROOKS. Manager. - \
£%/,»& ,i^irB i 7*T?TOi?ffTs1lBiSul^!B^^
WHY NOT SPEND YOUD
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUBF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
f ERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P. SNELL, MANAGER
MARK WEST
ltl ?S? im f SPRIN6S
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will manage the springs; many Improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day; $10 and $12 week. Office 833 Larkin
at., cor. Geary, or Mark West SprlnKs, Santa
Rosa, Rural No. 6.
SODA. BAY SPRINGS
Situated bnf Clear Lako. Hunting, fishing,
boating, launch, horses, - tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser In bathhouse, club-
house, etc., Increased accommodations, modern
conveniences. . Scenery unsurpassed. Table a
specialty. Rates per week. $10 to '$15. Photos
and information at' Chatfield & Vlnzent's, 223
Montgomery et., or LEE D. CRAIG, Manager,
Soda Bay, Kelseyvllle P. O.. Lake Co., Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
' Beswlck, SIsklfou County. California.
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery St.. or at J.
MARTENS, Bachelor P. O., Lake Co.. Cal.
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
'¦ Under new management. Up to date. Beau-
tiful grounds. I Running stream and pond with
good fishing. Playgrounds for children. Free
carriage meets all trains. J. D. CELLA, Mgr.
SOLID COMPORT HOME .
Extensively improved: 1000 feet altlAide; no
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot, cold baths; spring water; cement
swimming tank. 40x80. Rates J8 week up; stage
meets train. Schuler. & Scheben, Napa. Cal.
ipSSiy TENTS
I^L^Bm Awnlar>. Hammocks,
tt8SSB3E§3H W. A. PLUMMEB.
_ ' Tel. Main 549. Ill Clay at.
DEDfiCHEIM Delightfully situated in the
DCKUjIlCllU Banta Crui Redwood*. Rates
$7 and $8 per week. For circulars address O.-
F. BIEDENWEG. R. D. 121. Santa Crus. Cal.
JOHrtNNISBERG.
New hotel; modern convenience*; large, airy
dining-room; hunting,' fishing, swimming, boat-
ing; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURG JR., Prop.. OakvUle. N»pa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st
PASHION STAJLES
GILROT, CaL Direct line to Gilroy Hot
Springs. All open carriages; first-class turn-
outs; beet stock In State; telegraph and phone
orders promptly attended to. H. T. MAXOCK.
Prop. -' ¦ : "
WALL SPRINGS — On Guerneville
branch Cal. N. W. R. R.. Sonoma Co.; phone;
pavilion; bus meets morning train; hot sulphur
baths; circulars. MRS. C. N. MEREDITH,
prop.; Healdsburg. R. D. 1.
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully located In
redwoods.' & mllea from Santa Crus. Spring
water, fruit, milk, excellent table; daily mall;
free conveyance; $7 week; phone Suburban 87.
MRS. W. CRANDELL. Santa^gfMx. CaL
Bathing Suits
20 Post Street
The Reasori Why
BARTLETT
is so popular aa a HEALTH .and
PLEASURE resort:
The Increasing numbers benefited
by visiting: the Springs. •
The purity and agreeable taate of
the' waters. . • • •, ¦¦¦ ¦
The delightful and health-civlng
baths. _-~ - — : y
The excellency of the table.
The dry and bracing atmosphere.
The walks and drives through the
mountains.
The hunting and fishing with all
kinds of amusements. -
Nature man vying with each
other to give all a delightful time, g
RATES— Hotel, $12.00 to $17.50 per
week; housekeeping cottages, $8.00 to
$15.00 a week. : . . c
Write J. E. McMahan, Bartlett
Springs, Cal., or call at 2 Sutter st,
Ban Francisco.
["NEW" SANTA CRilZJ
GRAND DEDICATION
And Opening
of the v - - -
Extensive Beach Improvements
AT SANTA CRUZ
Saturday Evening, June 11.
Magnificent fireworks display by Cali-
fornia-Fireworks Company. Brilliant ¦(
electrical illumination of Pacific avenue,
and Esplanade. Thousands of electric
litrhts will outline the liathing Casino,
Plunge Baths and Pleasure Pier.
Military band concert and grand ball.
Music by Third Artillery Band, U. S. A.
SPECIAL EXCURSIONS VIA 8. P. CO.
| "NEW" SANTA CRUZ~|
FREE EXCURSION
\-TO—
TUSCAN
SPRINGS
MAY 1O^ 19O4.
For the next sixty days the Tuscan Mineral
Springs Corporation Till furnleh railroad trans-
portation to and from Tuscan Springs and any
points within 300 miles, free to visitors who
spend thirty days, and free fare one way to
those apendlng twenty daya at the aprlngs.
Send f.Oc In stamps for bottle of stomach and
catarrh salt. Booklet free.' •
Rates $12 per week and up.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRING CORP.,
Tuscan, Gasl. ".. ' ¦">
Santa Gatalina IslaTrd
Hi Hours From Los Angeles. Season 1904.
Our Famous Marine Band. '
Hunting mountain goat. Bailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing on the
coast. ¦
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metropole.
Modern in all' particulars.
For further Information address
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU. 11
Montgomery St., or BANNING CO.. 222 B.
Spring st.. Los Angeles.
Hotel EL CARMELO
Pacific Grove. California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts.
The place to spend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board $2 CO a day upward, cheaper than
Btaylng home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDY. Manager. f
PARAISO SPRINGS
California.
¦ The leading summer resort of Cali-
fornia. Hot soda and' sulphur baths.
Excellent table. Concert by Bro-
haska's Band every day. Send for
beautiful booklet and rates to ,
r. W. BCHOtOEPBB, Kg*. \
Harbin Springs
Most desirable in Lake Co. ; contains sulphur,
iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful' cures of
rheumatism,. catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles: new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and billiard-room. £ Acetylene gas
plant, livery, home dairy, fine vegetable garden.
Round trip ticketa. S. P. office. $T. j> J. A.
HATS, Proprietor.
II W n ft II H#t Springs; on line South-
II If II 1 1 II era Pacific; 2% hours from
K I IS I I lH San Francisco: 3 trains i
11 I 1111 II' -dally; luxurious -mineral
U I ItU M and mud baths; hote!
unique in cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau. 613 Market st.. Peck's Bureau, 11
Montgomery at. , or H. R. WARNER, Byron
Hot Springe. California.
Napa Soda Springs.
- The . famous mountain health i and pleasure
reaort la now ooen for the patronage of the
public. Address ¦ JOHN JACOBS. -
TUXEDO HOTEL;
Extensively improved elnee . last season.
Opens April 1. THOS. U BELL, Mgr.. Felton,
CaJ. .i Buy tickets to Tuxedo, • narrow-gaugeT"
foot of Market street. Round trip. $3.00. .¦¦-.-.
1 ' " - ? ¦ . -.--¦.¦- . . ¦¦ . ¦ •
H.8. B. R. TOCALOfllA XariaOa.
. Bertrand . Hotel; i first -class accommodations;
special rates. for families and parties; fishing,
bunting, boating, bathing; beautiful drives to
Bear Valley; telephone. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Bulletin Olflce, every. Thursday, 2 ,
¦10 -4 ».¦¦»., . ¦ .-¦• .-- *,-,; ..... V - ¦ -: ,_V^-
- •. ..--* . . ¦ . .- '.M ATTHEW8 • WILL FILED.— The will of I
John Matthews was filed for probate yesterday.
The estate la valued at 94000 and after several I
charitable ¦ bequests - Mrs. » Jane - Daly • of > 1212 '
JLarkln street U given the residue, - ; . ]
Stage Serdce to Big Basin.
Stages run daily between Boulder Creek and
Bl* Basin Park, , connecting with Southern Pa
clHc' Coast Une. * Leave Boulder Creek 1:15
p. m.; arriving at the Park 8:00 p.-m.; leave
the Park (Sundays excepted) at 0:00 a. m.. ar
rtvin* 1 Boulder Creek 11:00 a. m. ; Stage (are.
round • trtp. *2: , t re© baggage allowed. 40 lb«.
Round-trip tickets from San Francisco to : the
Park" sold for *5 in San ' Francisco. Oakland
and.Alameda by Southern. Pacific agent* * ¦ •
JUDGE SLOSS SUSTAINS
THE ACTION OF KERRIGAN
Despite Protest of Collins He Will
Hear Petition of Jenn Pon for
Writ of Certiorari.
The presiding Judge of the Superior
Court has authority to assign cases to
any department he chooses > without
consulting the wishes of the Judge of
the department, or so Judge Sloss de
cided yesterday when he declared
that he would hear, the petition of
Jean Pon for a writ of 'certiorari
growing out of the issuance of war
rants by a Police Judge for the arrest
of Inmates of the resort at 1129 Du
pont street. :
The writ was originally asked for
by Attorney George D. Collins from
Superior Judge Carroll Cook. Judge
Cook issued an alternative writ, made
returnable before him two days later.
In the meantime the petition was filed
and Judge Kerrigan assigned it to
Judge Sloss. When it came up-Attor
ney Collins protested, claiming that it
was a matter over which 'Judge Ker
rigan had no Jurisdiction. Judge
Sloss thinks otherwise and will hear
the petition Just aa if it had , nev«r
passed through . the hands • of Judge
Cook,
National President and the State Su
perintendent Talk and Make /
Reports.
An annual report was submitted to
the directors , of the Anti-Saloon
League yesterday. It was by L. M.
Hartley, superintendent of the league.
. Mr. Hartley admitted with chagrin
that the saloons of San Francisco
"hold up" candidates for office. He
said there are 160 churches in San
Francisco and- 3103 saloons, but he
boasted that many low dives had been
closed by the aid of, the league and
the churches.
He also held that«"the Police Com
missioners have been persuaded to de
termine that no new license shall be
issued to any man within the city and
county of ~an : Francisco. Thus, while
the population is Increasing 25,000 a
year, the increase of saloons Is abso
lutely Interdicted." , ;*£&&
Dr. P. A. Parker, national superin-.
tendent of the league, was tendered a
reception. •¦ He spoke hopefully of the
work of the organization. It was an
nounced at the Christian Ministers'
Association meeting, yesterday that
the State convention of. the Christian
churches will '-take, place, from July
18 to 21 at Santa Cruz. . ? v
The useful thing about a telephone
to a woman is that as soon as she gets
home from church she can call up all
her relatives and tell them how mad
her friends were to see how well she
looked in her new gown.
ANTI-SALOON : LEAGUE
REPORTS ON ITS WORK
Yucatan has a population of 350,000,
and. owing to the fact that it is the
home of the henequen, the agave,
which furnishes the finest fiber, the
Yucatecos have more money per
capita than any other people in the
world.
WICHITA, Kans., May 23.— Three
miles north of Woodward. O. T., yes
terday William Gardner shot and killed
Bud Craig and Virgil Funkhauser. He
was jealous of their attentions to his
wife. The three men were cowboys on
E. W. Wiggins* ranch. A mob of fifty
men is pursuing Gardner. He will be
lynched if captured.
JEALOUS HUSBAND KILLS
TWO COWBOY GALLANTS
Bad Craig and Virgil Funkhanscr
Shot by William Gardner — Mob
Pursues 3Iurderer.
MUST STAY IN JAIL. — Storace Amadeo.
confined Jn the County Jail for deserting from
the Italian cruiser Ltguria. yesterday applied
to United States Sud^e de Haven for a writ
of habeas corpus. Th» writ was denied.
Child's Miraculous Escape.
Lena Raffio, four years of age, was
playing in front of her parents' resi
dence at &40 Folsom street on Sun
day night, when she was knocked
down by an eastbound electric car
of the Fifth and Sansome street line.
George E. Clark, the motorman.
promptly lowered the fender and
picked her up on it. She was taken to
Dr. P. W. Connolly's office and after
thoroughly examining her he said
she had not been seriously injured.
EXPLOSION OF FIREWORKS
ENDS LIVES OF THREE
sit Work in Camden
l^ctory.
One Man and Two Boys Killed While
CAMDEN.N. J., May 23. — One man
and two boys were killed and six men
and two girls seriously injured by an
explosion to-day in the fireworks fac
tory of Joseph Scalona, on the out
skirts r>t Camden. Four small build
ings were wrecked.
Joseph Scalona, the proprietor,
was subsequently arrested and is be
ing held pending an investigation as
to the cause of the explosion, .which
is said to have occurred in the mix
ing-room.
OaU* J'ark lo Have Testi
monial for Efforts.
CITIZENS WILL BANQUET
SUPERINTENDENT MrLAREX
The Man Who Has Beautified Golden
John McLaren, under whose untir
ing care as superintendent Golden
Gate Park has been beautified and
made world-famous, will take a vaca
tion next month and visit his boyhood
Home in Scotland. The great work he
has performed in making the city's
playground .1 picture to the eye and
a. place of happy recreation has been
po thoroughly appreciated by the peo
ple of San Francisco that he is to be
tend^r^d a complimentary banquet at
•J.hf» Palace Hotel June 2.
Those that srurround the board will
voice th« sentiments of the commer
cinl bodies of the city and State, as
well as the officers of the municipal
povernm**nt. Private citizens will add
their testimony to the general feeling
* and expressions of gratitude and ap
. preciation will be heartfelt.
Mr. HcLaren's work has been such
as to attract the attention of all globe
¦ Xr«tt8rs» that have visited San Fran
cisco and the compliment to be be
stowed upon him June 2 is strictly
In keeping with his efforts to make
Golden Gate Park second to none In
thy? world.
PERSONAL.
Dr. Roy Austin of Omaha is at the
Palace. •
George F. Ditzler, a mining man of
Biggs, is at the Grand.
Congressman Theodore A. Bell of
Napa is registered at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. T. II. Bly of Minne
apolis are among the huest arrivals
at the Grand.
Judge W. C. Spruance of Wilming
ton, Del., and his son are registered at
the St. Francis.
James J. Chambers of Redding and
W. F. Snyder of Salt Lake City, both
well known mining men. are at the
Palace.
Paul F. Nolan, chief clerk of the
assistant general freight agent of the
Denver and Rio Grande road at Salt
Lake, who recently went to Los An
geles to be married, is at the Occi
dental with his bride.
General Manager Markham, Man
ager Agrler. Freight Traffic Manager
Sproul and Passenger Traffic Man
ager Fee of the Southern Pacific Com
pany departed yesterday for the north
on a tour of inspection of the com
pany's lines. They expect to go as
far r»* Ashland.
Heavy Sentence Imposed on Financier
SENDS BANKER ROTHSCHILD
TO JAIL FOR NINE YEARS
Who Stole a Note Worth
$10,000.
NEW YORK. May 23. — David
Rothschild, former president of the
defunct Federal Bank, who last week
was convicted of grand larceny, to
day was sentenced to serve nine years
in the State prison. Rothschild was
found guilty of the theft of a note of
510,000 belonging to a man named
Nessler. while the former was presi
dent of the bank.
Public spirited people from all parts
and corners of the city vrere given, an
opportunity to expresn their opinions
yesterday upon the apportionment of
the new budget when peveral hun
dred improvement club delegates ap
peared before the Board of Super
visors.
Men and women Rlixe were as
sembled in strong array in the large
assembly room and it was long past
the hour of noon when the laBt sug
gestion was submitted.
Communications and eloquent appli
cations for large appropriations of
money for all kinds and varieties of
improvements were read or personally
presented, and so many were there
that should thoy all be approved Tax
Collector Smith will undoubtedly be
kept busy during the coming year.
While all parts of the municipality
were well represented, the Richmond
district possibly presented the most
formidable appearance. On summing
the matter up it was found that' the
residents of the Richmond district ask
for better police protection, improve
ments on streets, arc and electric
lights, new school houses, a new fire
house and engine and several minor
improvements. "Should^these requests
be granted," said one representative,
"the value of property in that district
will be greatly Increased "
The Fourth Street Improvement Club
asks that their street be widened by
taking off nine feet from their pide
,walks. They ask that their street be
made as wide as Third and Kearny
streets.
Mrs. John Merrill appeared on be
half of the City and County Hospital
and urgently asked that an appropri
ation be made for the children patients
in that institution. Mrs. Merrill stated
that there is no children's ward at the
hospital and that they are allowed to
occupy beds between patients suffering
from contagious diseases. Dr. Ward
made a strong address in corroboratlon
of Mrs. Merrill's statements to the ef
fect that the City and County Hospi
tal is in need of many Improvements
that should not be overlooked by the
Supervisors. He was loudly ap
plauded. .
The meeting was adjourned to meet
to-morrow at 1 4 o'clock when the re
port of the Finance Committee on the
new budget will bo submitted. On Fri
day night the citizens will' be given an
opportunity to express their views.
Representatives of All of
the Town Districts Meet
to Discuss New Budget
among these being Miss Ethel White
as Josephine. Miss Gertrude .Holmes
as Mignon and Miss Louise Conkey as
Violet. Elaborate costumes have been
secured and new scenery has been
painted. Wilbur McColl v.ill be musical
director and Miss Jeanetto Noble
pianiste. In all respects the presenta
tion will be up to date.
The entertainment will be under the
auspices of the lady managers of the
Pratt Home and it will be in aid of the
endowment fund.
The San Jose Oratorio Society ranks
among the leading musical organiza
tions of the State. At numerous times
it has presented .'"The Pearl of Peking,"
"Mikado" and other operas, besides
many oratorios.
HAWTHORNE CLUB ADDS
AN EVENT TO PROGRAMME
Jack Wnlsh Is Advertised to Fight
Harry Chester To-Morrow Night
for Coast Championship.
The attractive programme that has
been arranged by the Hawthorne Club
for to-morrow night, when Sam
Berger and Rodenbach clash for ama
teur honors, has been added to by a
match between Jack Walsh and Harry
Chester.
Chester holds the light heavy
weight amateur championship of the
Pacific Coast. Walsh is well known
by his showing in 'previous battles.
The mill should prove to be a great
one and considerable Interest is being
shown since its announcement.
The sale of seats has been very
brisk and the fans are showing more
animation than at any other amateur
show ever held In the city. In all
eight fights will be presented and each
one is advertised to be a star event.
By Sally Sharpr
Another engagement, and this time it
is the navy that furnished the bonny
bride-to-be. Miss Stella McCalla. one
of the fairest maids of the navy, has
capitulated to the devotion of William
Wallace Chapin of Sacramento. And
smalt wonder. A handsome chap Is he,
a California'n, a prosperous business
man and splendidly equipped with so
cial graces. And as for the maiden he
he won, there is not a more winsome
lass in the smart set. Reared by a
mother who is exquisite in grace and
manner, the young women of the
household have inherited and cultivated
her charm. The announcement of the
affaire de coeur was made at a tea
given by Rear Admiral and Mrs. Mc-
Calla yesterday afternoon at their Mare
Island home, to the usual exclamations
of pleasant surprise. The apartments
were made glad with the blossoms of
spring and a merry throng discussed
the bit of delicious news so happily
imparted. The wedding will occur on
August 3 In St. Peter's Chapel at Mare
Island, and will undoubtedly be a bril
liant affair— as a naval wedding well
may be, and without ostentation*
• * • -1
Last night the Rev. Dr. I. C. Meserve
and wife were tendered a reception at
the Plymouth Congregational Church
in honor of the tenth anniversary of
their wedding. The charming rector
and his equally charming wife received
the guests in the lecture-room, which
was made attractive with ferns and
blossoms..
• • •
Miss> Louise Cooper, who has made
hosts of friends during her visit to her
cousin. Miss Ethel Cooper, has left for
her Idyllic home in Santa Barbara, The
Coopers are identified with the- old
town by tho sea, figuring strongly- In
the development of the sleepy old Span
ish village.
• • •
% The Henry Foster Duttons start for
the Yosemite on Friday.
THREE WIDOWS WTLX.
' SHARE DUBOIS' WEALTH
Women Who Bore Contractor's Name
Agree to Divide His
Estate. •
DES MOINES, Iowa, May 23. —
Three women, each claiming to be
legally wedded wives of- Contractor
Duboia, who died last week, met to
day, talked the situation over and
mutually agreed upon a division of
the estate. A local banker was agreed
upon as administrator of the estate,
which is valued at $11,000. Mrs. Du
bois No. 1, as she is distinguished
from the other two wives of the con
tractor, resides in Des Moines and
was living with Dubois at the time of
his death. Mrs. Dubois No. 2 comes
from New Orleans, and Mrs. Dubois
No.- 3 comes from Denver. Theyvmet
here to attend the funeral of their
"husband."
POWER COMPANY'S FltANT
ON BOISE RIVER DESTROYED
Breaking: of Crib Dam Causes Loss of
$150,000 to Highland Power
Corporation.
BOISE. Idaho, May 23.— The plant
of the Highland Power Corporation
on the Boise River, twenty miles
above this city, was washed away
yesterday at noon. The loss is about
5150,000. The river had been dam
med with a crib and the power-house
stood under the river bank sixty feet
below the dam. This plant was used
for pumping water for placer mining.
The home office of the company la In
New Hampshire.
[ TWO SOCIETY BEU.ES WHO TV I LI*
I PING IS "THE MASCOT" AT SAX
I JOSE.
CITIZENS TELL
CITY'S WANTS
MISS McCALLA
IS BETROTHED
TO SACRAMENTAN
MEMORIAL DAY PLANS
N EARING COMPLETION
John P. Iri^h I« Chosen Orator for
the Evening Exercises at the
Alhambra Theater.
The Memorial day committee ex
pects to have its programme for the
day and evening ceremonies completed
by next Friday. At a meeting held at
the Occidental Hotel last evening it
was announced that John P. Irish had
accepted the invitation of the cora
nalttee to act ;is orator of the even
ing exercises to be held at the Al
hambra Theater.
Rev. George "C. Adams will be the
.«rator ct Odd Fellows' Cemetery- A
Fimilar position at the National
Cemtery has not yet bpen filled. Rev.
. John A. B. Wilson will deliver the in
vpc.aiion at Odd Follows* Cemetery,
R. It. BigeJow will perform a like duty
at the exercises to be held in the Na
tional Cemetery and Rev. Father Mc-
Quaide will olflciate at th? evening's
ceremonies at the Alham'ora Theater.
At the latter plate Mayor Scbmltz has
.igT^od to deliver on address and the
I,ick Grammar School will furnish a
chnr:is of forty prlrls.
Grand Marshal John A. Whiteride
last Dfght announced that arrange
. ments for ihfi morning parades have
been completed. The Grand Army
• men v ill march only a short distance
along Van Ncrs avenue and will then
taSto xh*> «ars for the cemeteries,
where the r-cremonies will beprin at 10
a. m. The looal organization of the
National Guard will act as an escort
to the veterans.
MRS. DECKER'S FRIENDS
FEEL SURE OF VICTORY
Cheered by Day's Developments In
Convention or General Federa
tion of Women's Clubs.
ST. LOUIS. May 23.— The most im
portant action taken at to-day's ses
sion of the convention of the General
Federation of Women's Clubs was the
voting down of a motion to instruct
the nomination committee to report
two names for elective officers. This
Is regarded as a victory for the sup
porters of the candidacy of Mrs. Sa
rah Platt Decker for president.
It is generally conceded that Mrs.
Decker Is the most formidable candi
date. Her forces are well organized
and It was said to-day by persons in
a position to know that only Mrs.
Decker's name would be put before
the convention by the committee.
BRANDS SMOOT INQUIRY
AS TRICK OF MORMONS
Dr. Driver Says Recent Investigation
Was Planned by the Latter
Dny Saints.
CHICAGO. May 23. — The Reed
Smoot inquiry has been branded as a
"Mormon trick" by John Merritt E.
Driver, speaking in the People's
Church pulpit. According to Dr. Dri
ver, the Mormons sought an investi
gation by the Senate, their object be
ing to gain a publicity that would
bring their doctrines before the peo
ple.
"The wiles of the Mormons are
many and far reaching," said Dr. Dri
ver. "The Smoot case was only a
ruse. President Smith, was not a re
luctant witness. His testimony was
along carefully considered and pre
determined lines. With the Mormons
it was a campaign of education and
familiarization."
The : Board of Supervisors yesterday
decided to make provision in the next
municipal budget for the sweeping and
sprinkling of streets by the city under
the supervision of the Board of Public
"Works. " :
The last named board was instructed
to postpone action on proposals already
submitted by various contractors for
street cleaning. Braunhart, who made
the motion which prevailed, stated that
the Police Department had stopped the
sweeping of . streets at various' times
because it was being improperly done
and was becoming an intolerable nuis
ance.
It was explained that the Merchants'
Association had withdrawn its recom
mendation that the city do Its own
street sweeping because there was no
assurance that it would be done under
civil service regulations. Braunharfs
motion that the Finance Committee
direct full compliance with the civil
service law in the matter prevailed.
He stated that examinations for in
spectors 'and other required officials
could be held at once.
The board referred to the Fire Com
mittee a amended ordinance
providing that to any so-called "class
B" building now erected lo a height of
six stories there may be added not to
exceed two additional stories of the
same average height as the six stories
already erected, notwithstanding 'that
the addition of said stories may make
the building more than one hundred
feet In height, which is the limit al
lowed for class B buildings under the
ordinance.
T. O. Thompson notified the board
that in issuing the certificate for satis
factory completion of Harrison street,
between Twenty-fourth and Twenty
fifth, the responsible officer has neglect
ed to inspect it at all owing to the fact
that the street is not now and never
has been in condition.
A representative of the Henry Cowell
Lime Company objected to the award
of a contract to the Western Fuel Com
pany to furnish cement to the Board of
Public Works at $1 80 a barrel. He
stated that the bid of the Cowell Com
pany was '$186 -a barrel delivered,
whereas the Western Fuel Company's
bid was for the cement not delivered,
but that It had filed a letter subse
quently In which it agreed to deliver
the cement for the same price. The
matter was rereferred to the commit
tee which had recommended that the
award be made to the Western Fuel
Company.
The petition, of the Sutter Street Im
provement* Club- that- 1 Sutter street be
bituminized and that all poles thereon
be removed was referred to the Finance
Committee. • . . .
An lmrcrtant decision was handed
Govm yesterday by the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals reversing: the
Judgment of conviction In the case of
the United States against Harry Owens,
charged with the killing of Carl Cbris
tiensen Is Alaska. The evidence was to
the «2ect that Chrlstiensen went to
Owens' cabin armed with a butcher
knife and tried to kill Owens, and that
In the combat Owens stabbed his as
sailant to death. A dissenting opinion
was filed by Judge Gilbert, the ma
jority opinion having been filed by
Judges Ross and Hawley.
The majority opinion holds that the
lower court ignored the well sustained
doctrine that where one Is attacked by
another with a deadly weapon the par
ty attacked may, if he does eo honestly
and In good faith, safely act in the light
of his Burroundinps and on the appear
ances before him at the time; 'for the
court distinctly and specifically in
structed the jurv that, 'of. the necessity
of the defendant's protecting himself
you are the judge, and not the defend
ant.' "
The dissenting opinion holds that it
is doubtful whether the error is such
as to justify a reversal of the judg
ment.
In the rase nf J. M. Conner and oth
ers against the Manchester Assurance
-<"n:rpar:7 of Manchester, England, the
i-ojrt afflrmfd the judgment of th*
low^r court that the insurance com
pany was not liable under its policy
Jor $3300 insurance on the complain
ants' cfon of pxain in Solano County,
destroyed by fire in June, 1903. It ap
pears thst the Supervisors ordered cer
tain rasturp lands to be burned over in
r>rd«»r to destroy a plague of locusts.
The fire got beyond control of the
¦watchers and burned the insured grain.
In the insurance agreement it wa3 stip
ulate I that the company would not be
rf-Frxinsib!** for fires started "!>y order
of any civil authority." While the lire
In the grain had not been ordored by
the Supervisors, tho court held that it
Indirectly originated in that ord^r.
Conner Family Fail to
Recover Insurance on a
Burned Crop of Grain
Ordinance Permits Certain
Structures to Be ' Higher
Than Present Legal Limit
AMENDS BUILDING LAW
NEW TBIAL FOR 0WEXS
Supervisors Propose to Pat
a Stop to the Poor Work
Being Done by Contractors
Person Attacked Is Best
, Judge of Extent of the
Danger Confronting Him
Well-Known Musical Organization of the Garden Gity Will Pre
sent "The Mascot/' at Victory Theater, and the Principal Parts
and Chorus Will Be Graced/by Many Leading Society Belles
Special Dispatch to The GsX
SAN JOSE, May 23. — The society
event of the year will be the presenta
tion of the comic opera "The Mascot"
by the San Jose Oratorio Society at
Victory Theater to-morrow evening. ¦
All the prettiest girls of the city are
In the cast, and besides being an opera
It will be the greatest gathering of so
ciety buds ever seen In this city. San
Jose's "400" will comprise the audience,
and from the way seats are selling the
house will be full.
In the cast of characters will be Mary
"Weaver McCauley as Bettlna, Miss
Mary Webster as Fiametta, Miss lone
MacLouth as Llzette, Charles Trow- .
bridge a* Pippo, Charles Williams as
Lorenzo, Eugene Rosenthal as Rocco,
Wallace Avery as Frederick, Hadley
Lawrence as Caderouz and Ira Allen
as Matheo.
There will be a chorus of fifty voices,
CITY TO CLEAN
THOROUGH FARES
SELF-DEFENSE
ROLE DEFINED
ORATORIO SOCIETY SINGERS
WILL RENDER LIGHT OPERA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. MAY 24, 1901.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Handy to Have About the House
Vq A Pill in time is a wonderfully good thing and. saves
many a fit of sickness. Every person, young or old,
ClifS needs a little help often to put their systems right.
If there's Biliousness Constipation or Indigestion a
" TltO ' dose of BEECHAM'S PILLS will generally set things
, right Sick Headaches are cured as if by charm, and
IllS you will
Of AH SAVE EXPENSE
and be enabled to enjoy many a pleasure heretofore
The made impossible.
F^milV BEECHAM'S PILLS make -'life worth living by
roi j putting your system in condition to enjoy it.
Bjf Any trouble arising from derangement of tho organs
_. , of digestion and secretion is quickly set right if you
vSing 111 use /
Sold Everywhere In Boxes. 1 6c. and 26c* ¦•"""
I Genuine Retiring
ITo-Day's Bargains Pass the Merely Great*.
They Are Positively Sensational.
I COME AND SEE
I The new $1.00 Shirts at 65c— the $1.25 and
I s $1.50 Shirts gL 85c— the $2.00 Soft Hats at,
$1.25— the $3.00 Derby Hats at* $1.95— the
$1.50 Straw Hats at $1.15— the $3.00 Soft.
Hats at $1.95— the $8.00 Opera Hats at, $5.00—
« the 50c Boys' Caps at 40c— the 50c Novelty Lisle
I Hose at* 25c— the 25c Fancy Hose at* 16^c— the
I $25 To-Order Suits at* $15— the $30 Suits at $20
I —the $3.00 Wash Vests at>$ 1.95— the 50c Foixr-
I 9 in-Hands at* 25c— the 25c Midget* Ties at* 12J4c—
the 50c Suspenders at* 25c— the 15c Handkerchiefs
at* 8^c— the $3.50 Sweaters at* $ 1 .95— the 50c
Underwear at* 35c— the $1.50 Underwear at*
I $1.15 — and all the other bargains. «»«»«••»••
In this sale success follows success. The vast quantities of grxxi.i that
have been sold would deplete any ordinary store and leave Its shelves as
bare as those of Old Mother Hubbard's cupboard. But they were only a
dipperful from the bucket In comparison with the great stock we had
gathered for this season's selling:, and there'll bo no signs of lessening
(variety for several days yet.
BUILDING FOR. KENT.
1 1028-1030 Market* Street, San Francisco.
AnVKH.'l'ISKMKEH'M-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
g*\ j^^^^^i^ia^^ C , -;-:•'..'.'-¦ . * ',. " ' i i : V V , -*-. ¦'*; : " : "' '.- *! ¦ ''. • ' '¦ „ ,. " ' '¦ '" '¦" . ' : '¦.. ' '.'"¦' i"* ¦'¦'. -'¦ . ¦ : -'* . *• * t ¦ , i
-. IN BEAUTIFUL SANTA BflRBARfL
SATES— American plao— From May I, 1904, to January I 1905:
;One person occuplng roon>, v/itbout bath, $2.50 to $3.50; with bath, $3.50 to $5.00Mrs. John Henry Dieckmann has cone to St.
Helena to Join the house party at Villa Keml,
the Chabots' country home.
Mrs. - George -. A. Reynold* and .son - Rodney
have been visiting, friends and relatives 'in Oak
land and Alameda."3WgB3§&Hg5
OAKLAND. May 23. — The com
mencement exercises • of St. , Mary's
College will be held next. Wednesday
evening at the Alhambra Theater in
San Francisco. The committee . in
charge has prepared an excellent pro
gramme for the occasion. '
Commencement Exercises.
OAKLAND, May 23. — An unexpect
ed explosion of photographic flash
powder caused a wild sensation In the
vicinity of Lafayette square this after
noon and sent half a dozen detectives
and policemen on a hurry-up murder
scare to the residence of Herbert
Wilde, 619 Tenth street. The only
casualty was the byrning of Mrs.
Wilde's hand by the suddgn flare-up
of the combustible chemical.
Mrs. Wilde had been burning let
ters In an open , fireplace in a room
where her husband was dozing on a
sofa. A package of the flashlight
stuff, unknown to Mrs. Wilde, was
mixed in the paoers she was destroy
ing. When the flames touched it there
was a puff of flame and smoke and a
report that jarred the windows. Some
one telephoned to police headquarters
that murder had been done. The de
tectives retired as gracefully as pos
sible. Dr. Susan Fenton taking their
place and dressing Mrs. Wilde's in
jured hand.
Explosion of Photograniilc Powder
Causes AVilil Alarm and a Call
for tlic Police.
Miss Grace Sanborn Is promising herself a
delightful trip to Colorado In July. She will
visit relatives while there. The Sanborn home
is one of the most ho»plt«ble In Fruitvale and
every Sunday finds a crowd of young people
there, enjoying r themselves- in eome .happy
fashion.'- When the -weather is fine «queFtrlai:s
and automobilists gather on the lawn and start
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee are visiting
Mrs. Magee's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Valentine
Hush, in Fruitvale. .
The programme at Ebell to-morrow will be
under the supervision of Mrs. K. X. Kluegel,
the presiding hostess*, and will be given en
tirely by Mrs. Jess'e Kldridge Southwick of
Emerson College. Mrs. Southwick is said to
be an unusually fine reader and tho club mem
bers are expecting a real treat.
• Mr?. E. II. Vance and Mies Apbta Vance are
also planning to entertain on June 3. A hun
dred and fifty or more have received cards.
The Vance home Is epaclous and beautifully
furnished, making an Ideal setting for elab
orate entertaining. Two brides, Mrs.' William
Palmer (net Dlngley) and Mrs. J. C. McLeed
(net- Brown) will share the honors with Mrs.
A. McMillan, who is gclng to Scotland soon.
Mrs. C. B. Parcells nan sent out cards for a
large reception, her daughter-in-law, Mrs.
Frank Pa rcelUi. to be the honored guest. Mrs.
rurcella Jr. (formerly Mies Ehreve of Ala
meda) is one of the niost beautiful of the
many pretty brides now in Oakland, and some
of. her troueseau gowns ar« perfectly stun
ning. Over 200 guest* have been Invited to
the tea. which is to take place at the Par
cells home on Webster street "Wednesday, June
1. The receiving party will be a very large one.
OAKLAND. May -. — Tees and rumors of
teas continue to agitate the social atmosphere
iind notwithftandin; a brilliant season just
pai-t gome of the largest events of the year
are yet to comic. The smart 6et seem* to be
pof:FCKscd of an Insatiable desire to entertain,
and Oakland's reputation for hospitality is
dally belns right royally eustalned. The num
ber of visitors in our midst furnishes a charm
inc excuse for a delightful round of lunch
eons, ttas and dinners. Next Wednesday even
ing Ml»s Enid Yale will give a dinner, at
which the Mlepes Marlon and Nita Rogers of
Scotland and Mi?-s Lillian Mollcr will be the
complimented gvetsttt. . Thf-n Friday afternoon
will find Mrs. William Mllwain entertaining
In honor of Mrs. Oeorpe Martin of Berlin. Thin
will be the Iarse*t event of the week, with
the exception of the Gorrill tea on Saturday,
which premises to b? a brilliant affair. Those
two attractive y<Aing bride»-to-be. Miss Holler
and Mlys Lai-ftpy, are to be the honored one*
en this occation.
By ZoeGrren Kartell fTe.
MURDER SCARE ONI;Y A
FLASH IN THE PAX
TEAS LEAD EVENTS
Turner insists that he did not go to
fighting until Aitken had shot a wicked
right into his face. The Councilman
says he was impelled to use his knowl
edge of the boxing game because the
Engineer tried to throw him out of the
ofilce after consigning him to Infernal
regions.
Turner avows that he would not have
lost his temper had not the Council
man said the Engineer was to blame
The encounter occurred in the City
Engineer's office, on Fourteenth street,
in the old public library building. The
cause was a dispute over the projected
Twenty-third avenue storm drainage
sewer, a j?lan fathered by Aitken. Be
hind this is a personal grudge between
the men growing out of a political fight
three years ago.
Turner and Aitken came to blows
after the City Engineer had ordered
the Councilman out of his office and
started to eject him forcibly. Aitken
retaliated by punching Turner in the
eye. The Engineer returned with a
swinging right that caught the Seventh
Warder square on thfe optic, badly dis
coloring it. There were a variety of
swings and straight arm jolts before
Deputy City Engineer J. B. McMath
played referee, stepping between the
belligerent city officials and stopping
the bout.
OAKLAND, May 23.— Two more or
less blackened eyes on their respective
countenances is the result of a fisticuff
engagement which occurred at dusk
Saturday night between City Engineer
F. C. Turner and City Councilman G.
E. Aitken.
There will be no arrests. Three years
ago Aitken was actively opposed to
Turner's candidacy for City Engineer.
After the municipal election Turner's
vote as Fire Commissioner assisted in
turning Aitken out of the fire depart
ment. Hence the personal feeling.
Turner's story is much yie same, ex
cept that he says the discussion on Ait
ken's side became personally abusive
and that the Councilman declared the
people' of Twenty-third avenue were
tired of the long delay and would use
\t politically against the Engineer. He
said:
I told Aitken that If there had been neg
ligence he was to blame. He replied it was
my fault and I said if anybody felt that way
about it he could ro to the devil. Then Aitken
abused me violently. I ordered him out at»d
the trouble becan. I lost ray temper and
must apologize to the, people of Oakland for
th? occurrence.
I called on Turner to hasten plans for the
sewer, which the people in my district are
very anxtous should bo completed. We had
words about readvertlslns the plan because
Turner said the pipes would have to be
chained to drain a new bonk building cellar
at East Fourteenth street and Twenty-third
avenue. When he eald there would be more
delay I was put. out and finally told him our
people had decided to make no change In ths
original plans.
Turner got hot, said 1 could go to the devil
and ordered me out of the olflce. Then I
declared I wouldn't go unless he apologized
and he replied with a smash. I knocked him
down and when he got up I was starting
out when he hit me In th<» eye.
Aitken's explanation follows:
for the long delay there had been over
completing plans for the proposed
sewer. Both men had cooled off over
Sunday and expressed regret for the
occurrence.
OAKLAND. May 23.— The City Coun
cil in executive session tc-ok up Inquiry
on the matter of water rates fixinjrs,
considering the evidence taken at the
hearing, the various reports and sched
ules on file and the testimony taken
in the water rates suit. A re-solution
firing rates -win be introduced Thurs
day r.ipht. A meeting of the water
rate e committee will be held Wednes
day nisht. Councilman Per.dleton,
John D. Isaac? of the Beard of Educa
tion, and Arthur L. Aduir.s of the Con
t:a Costa Water Company have been
fa conference over a tentative proposi
tion for the city to !ease the Contra
<"osta Water Company'* plant for an
experimcntal term of five j-ears. The
project has nut reached maturity.
tra Costa Company's Plant for
Five Years.
Considers Pro»>ositfon of lieasinjr Con-
OAKUXU COCS'CIIi TAKES
LI» WATER RATE QUESTION*
PROMINENT OAKLAND OFFICIAL. AND COUNCILMAN G. E. AITKEN, WHO EN
GAGED IN A HOTLY CONTESTED FISTIC BATTLE SATURDAY NIGHT AS
THE RESULT OF AN ARGUMENT OVER A STORM DRAINAGE SEWER.
The police have been on the trail of
the people who interfered with Mrs.
Curtis' assailant all day and hope to
find the man through them. They also
suspect a certain young man in West
Berkeley who has been acting queerly
of late, and mean to arrest him if they
find any tell-tale scratches on his face.
There is much of mystery about the
vicious attack that was made upon
aged Mrs. Mary Curtis at her home,
1133 University avenue, last night by
an unknown young man. The assailant
was sober and did not intend robbery.
Mrs. Curtis has no enemies, so the rea
son for the attack is probably to be
sought in insanity.
It is the genera! belief that Berkeley
is in for a series of brutal and ruth
less attacks by a * # Jack""the Swatter,"
similar in character to those that
alarmed the people of Alameda awhile
ago.
Mrs. Curtis suffered so much from
her injuries to-day that she could not
leave her bed. She is 74 years old. In
spite of her infirmity, however, Mrs.
Curtis fought with desperation against
her assailant, and to this resistance
she probably owes her life. In behalC
of her mother, Mrs. Edward Brennan,
one of Mrs. Curtis' daughters, told the
following story of the assault:
"Mother was standing Just inside our
gate looking out upon the street. Sud
denly and without warning she was
attacked from behind. A young man
she had not seen grabbed her and be
gan to pummel her. To protect herself
she fought back, and succeeded in
scratching the fellow severely. But her
strength roon gave way and she fell
to the ground.
"While she lay there he kept on kick
ing and pummeling her until two young
couples came along and stopped him.
The strange part of it is, though, that
they did not arrest him. The attack
was seen by some people on a passing
car, but no attempt was made to inter
fere. In fact, it was not until several
hours afterward that the police were
notified."
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, May 23.
3Iotive Seems Lacking for
Brutal Attack Upon Mrs.
Mary Curtis in Garden
The desk drawer was opened with a
key." Nothing but the valuable papers
were stolen. The thief cashed the
largest check at 10 o'clock this morn-
Ing at the Oakland Bank of Savings.
Forgery was practiced to get the coin.
Detectives telfeve that the th a ft was
committed by a person fnrhiiiar wfth
the office.
OAKLAND. May 23.— The office of
V/illiam H. llussell, master mechanic
of the Southern Pacific Company at
the West Oakland yards, was entered
last night, a desk was opened and
three time checks were stolen. The
vouchers were for $125, JIio 90 and $23
respectively.
Ofii'.-p at West Oakland.
Thief O|)ons Drawer and Abstracts
Vouchers. I Yum Master Meclianic's
nxE checks stolen
AND ONE IS CASHED
SHOWERS BLOWS
ON AGED WOMAN
Oakland Ofilce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 2$.
The Associated Charities has for
some time desired to investigate
enses of indigenry reported to the
Board of Supervisors for relief in or
der 1 to protect the county and the va
rious charitable organizations from
imposition by unworthy persons.
This morning, after discussing the
proposition at some length, the board
passed a resolution to grant permis
sion to the association to make the
necessary investigation on condition
that a full report be made in each in
stance to the Board of Supervisors.
The plan will be adopted provided
there is no legal obstacle In the way
and on condition that the work can
be done at an expense not to exceed
S400 a year.
The Investigations by the associa
tion will be confined to the city dis
tricts of Supervisors Howe, Mitchell
and Kellj-, and the final decision in all
cases will rest with the Board of Su
pervisors, the Associated Charities
acting merely as an investigating
agent.
At the meeting of the board this
morning the association was repre
sented by President B. H. fVindleton.
Miss C. Anita Whitney. James P. Tay
lor and D. Edward Collinp. The mat
ter was referred to the District Attor
ney for an opinion as to its legality.
Gabriel Borro. 20 years old, son of
Mrs. M. S. Borro, residing at 7S2
Eighth street, disapp^arcl to-day from
the family residence. Ke is supposed
to have fled wish a young domestic,
vhose name is said to be Rose Silver,
who had been employed by the young
man's mother. There are also missing
from the house two boxes that con
tained 5200 in coin and vaiuable pa
pers.
Mrs. Borro. who is well to do. repcrrt
ed the -aij-appeeram-e to the police to
r.ijrht and Detective Kyle was given
charge of the case. The missing son
is a stranger in Oakland, having come
here a few days ago from Los An-
Celes.
Miss Silver, d<^cribc<l as young and
comely, wes engaged for housework
tferee weeks ago coming from Elm
hurst. She left the employment yes
terday, but said that she would return
to-day to get her clothing &nd other
effects. Mrs. Bono went to San Fran
cfsco this morning leaving the house
jn charge of her missing son. When
the mother returned this evening she
found Gabriel, the girl and the boxes
KO!;e.and nothing left bthind to indi
cate what had become of thorn.
At the outset she feared that a bur
glary had been committed. After the
police had completed their investiga
tion the decision vas reached that a
search begin at once for the missing
ones. Mrs*. Borro told the police she
believed the affair had been arrans^d.
Gabriel will shortly come into a con
siderable competency as an heir to his
fathers es-tate.
Oakland Ofilce San Francisco Call.
111S Brondwav. May 23.
Coin and Valuable Papers
Are Taken— Police Put on
the Trail of the Pair
Professional Paupers Are to
I5e Barred From Receiv
ing Relief' From Charity
LOOKS LIKE ELOPEMENT
TO PBBVEXT IMPOSITION
Associated Charities Will
Aid Supervisors in Inves
tigating Indigent Cases
Gabriel Borfo Flees From
Mother's Home ami Do
mestic Is Also Absent
City Engineer Turner and Councilman- Aitken of Oak
land Quarrel Over Plans for a Sewer and as a Result
They Are Nursing Discolored Optics and-Many, Bruises
SON AND HIRED
GIRL DISAPPEAR
ENGAGE IN FIST FIGHT
TO SETTLE ARGUMENT
PLAN TO SAVE
COUNTY FUNDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1904.
OAKLAND, May 23.— The Santa Fe
day celebration committee closed its
accounts for Santa Fe day this morn
ing and the .report showed that the
total "receipts were $852 60 and the
total expenditures $614 35, leaving a
balanceof $238 15. v This balance .was
turned over, to the Fourth of July
committee. * " . ¦' ¦.•¦-.
Committee Closes Accounts.
F. C. Dana Collapses.
OAKLAND, May 23.— In a state of
nervous collapse as the result of being
deprived of liquor, F: C. Dana was
again, taken from the County Jail to
the insane ward of the Receiving Hos
pital this evening, and is reported very
low*. His wife has been summoned and
is with him. Dana pleaded guilty of
the,, theft of $200 from William Pfaff , a
butcher of Berkeley, * for -whom V he
worked. ¦..'¦', •
Richards further" said his wife
claimed that there was nothing wrong,
but that she would marry Cotton in
event of her divorce in order to get a
home.
OAKLAND, May 23. — The Richards
divorce case was continued to-day and
Harry Richards, basso and actor, was
on the stand all day under cross-ex
amination by his wife's attorney. It
was a recital of quarrels" extending for
several years back.
Richards claims , that his wife has
been unfaithful to him and that one
George D. Cotton had supplanted him
In her affections. He testified to-day
that hig wife had told him that Cotton
had promised to marry her if - she
would get a divorce. He .also said
that her mother knew of the rela
tions of the two. but was 'afraid to
raise objections for fear they would
elope.
Harry Richards on the Stand Tells
the Court Why He Accused
! /. 7 I Us Spouse.
OAKLAND, May 23. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: George
Rissland, 22. and Elizabeth Cappel
man. 20, both of San Francisco: Rob
ert F. Colyer. 35. and Adda E. Roger.
23, both of San Francisco.
.Marriage Licenses.
SAYS WIFE ADMITTED
AFFECTION FOR COTTON
To Test Fire Automobile.
OAKLAND. May 23. — Permission to
test an automobile built for the San
Francisco Fire Commissioners on the
San Leandro road was granted by the
Board of Supervisors to-day. The
machine is for the use of Fire Chief
Sullivan and Is guaranteed a high rate
of speed. In order to get a clear piece
of roadway to test the machine it was
necessary to come over on thi3 side
of the bay.
ALAMEDA. May 23. — Dr. A. W.
Scott, who retires from the principal
ship of the Alameda High School with
the close of the present term, will be
tendered a banquet to-morrow even-
Ing at the Piedmont Club house by
medal-winning debaters of the local
educational institution. Among these
are J. Gustave White, Carlton Baker.
Miss Elizabeth Kent. Miss Frances
Bird, Miss Sclina Werner, Miss Oliva
Dillon, Miss Freda Dunlop. Miss Mn
rie Kent. Ina Klbby. Roswell Dagrue.
Ralph Marx. Jessie Robinson, Jerome
Pelitzer, Stephen Otis. Frank O'Brien.
Arthur Rader. Will Robertson and
Ford Samuels.
Will Banquet Principal.
LOS ANGELES, May 23.— The Meth
odist General Conference at the open
ing- of its fourth and last week's labor
found itself confronted with a duty
almost unprecedented in the history of
the Methodist church— that of acting
upon the resignation of one of its
Bishops-elect. Rev. Dr. James R. Day,
chancellor of the Syracuse University,
who on . last Saturday was chose'a as
the last of the eight Bishops elected
by the present conference, resigned his
place in the episcopacy board and was
excused, at his request, from further
attendance upon the conference
Dr. Day resigned the blshropic be
cause, he said, he believed it was God's
will that he retain the chancellorship
of Syracuse University and because he
considered his election to the . Episco
pacy due to excitement and sympathy
in his behalf occasioned by a scurri
lous article published by the Examiner
on Saturday morning.
Besides acting upon Bishop Day's
resignation, the conference ' to-day
heard the report of the tellers x>n the
vote taken Saturday afternoon for
three missionary Bishops, which show
ed the election of Dr. I. B. Scott as an
additional missionary Bishop to Africa
and Dr. William F. Oldham and Dr.
John K. Robinson as additional mis
sionary Bishops in Southern Asia. Dr.
C. M. Harris was elected on the bal
lot taken this morning to the misslori
arv blshropic of Japan and Korea, a
new district created by the present
conference. Thursday, May 2C, was
fixed upon as the date for the conse
cration ceremonies of the seven newly
elected general superintendents and
four missionary Bishops. Two hours
c-f to-day's session were devoted to
special memorial service in honor of
the memory of the Bishops who have
died during the last quadrennium and
to the late President William McKlnley.
A motion by Dr. J M. Buckley of New
York to proceed to ballot for a suc
cessor to Dr. Jt* R. Day, resigned," was
defeated and the conference voted to
postpone indefinitely the further elec
tion of general superintendents. The
action of the conference on last Sat
urday in excluding the representatives
of a local newspaper from press privi
leges was rescinded upon motion of Dr.
Buckley, seconded by Judge C. B. Lohr
of Delaware. . £ K
RESIGNATION" A SURPRISE.
The resignation of Bishop-elect J. R.
Day, following closely after his elec
tion after a long contest, furnished the
¦ensatlon of the conference. The in
tention of Dr. Day to resign was not
known to the vast body of delegates, as
he had confided, it only to a few inti
mate friends in the matter. Bishop
Foss, who was the presiding officer at
this morning's session, gave . the first
intimation of what was to follow when
"If you ask me why I did not appre
ciate that before I had put you to the
trouble of my election, I can only say
that some things which for years have
hung around the circumference of our
j thoughts in distance and dim outline
suddenly come to us as revelations,
forcing us to conclusions. I have
reached my decision after opening my
mind prayerfully to appeals of duty
from every side and every source of
light possible to me. I cannot con
scientiously say that I believe myself
moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon
myself the office and duties of a Bish
op, as our law requires of those who
are consecrated to that holy office and
ministry, but I do feel myself deeply
moved to continue in the work'of Chris
tian education. Therefore, with the
greatest reverence for your • wisdom
and authority and with keen distress
that I must disappoint, those who have
elected me to, this high office, and re
gretting to Rave caused a moment's
.delay in your important business, and
thanking you without attempting the
Impossible task of finding words ade
quate to express my sense of indebted
ness to you, I submit herewith, most
respectfully, my resignation of the of
fice of Bishop to which you have elect
ed me. I venture to make one request
of- you— give me your confidence and
belief that I have sought honestly to
find' my duty in the fear of God and
In all good conscience."
There was a distinct sensation among
the delegates when Dr. Day finished
\reading his reasons for " resignation.
Dr. J. M. Buckley was recognized, and
after stating that he had unsuccess
fully endeavored in every way possible
to induce Blshop-elec^ Day to abandon
his intention to resign, said the con
ference had a perfect legal right to nul
lify Us act of election. He cited as a
precedent the case of Bishop-elect
Joshua Soles, who was chosen by the
General Conference of 1820 and who re
signed before being: consecrated. He
then moved that Bishop Day's resigna
tion be accepted, and the conference
adopted : the motion ¦ without discussion
by a unanimous vote. Upon request of
Dr. Day the conference then excused
him from further, attendance upon the
sessions and he will return at once to
Syracuse.
he asked the conference to hear a priv
ileged statement by Bishop-elect Day.
Permission was promptly granted and
when Bishop Day arose and ¦ walked
to the presiding officer's table with a
written document in. his hand there
was instant attention.
After a brief prefatory statement,
in which he said he was sure that no
man would charge him with acting
from motives other than those of an
honest, conscientious and God-fearing
man, he read a lengthy statement con
cerning his determination to relinquish
the high official position to which he
had just been elected. .
"Since my election." he said, "I have
thought of nothing for scarcely a con
scious moment/ but my duty to the
church, of which you are the chosen
representatives, and I could not more
profoundly and sincerely revere your
friendship, which has placed me under
a sense of obligation that dwarfs 'my
powers to pay this debt of gratitude. I
have the witness within myself that I
am not influenced by material advan
tage or honor. These are too uncertain,
evanescent and remotely incidental to
be considered for a moment in a matter
of so great import. But new factors
are in every problem; they solve my
duty. 1 must return to the work of
Christian education. It has come to
me within the past twenty-four hours,
as never before, that I am-not at lib
erty to lay aside the experience and
discipline which ten years has brought
to me In this work.
DR. DAY DEPARTS.
OAKLAND, May 23. — G. W. Lan
gan, a well known attorney of this
city, is seriously ill at his home with
typhoid pneumonia. He was unable to
be present in court this morning and
it was reported later that his condi
tion was critical. V
Well Known Attorney 111.
of Chancellor
• of Syracuse University Has
Produced Great Sensation
BISHOP-ELECT
DAY RESIGNS
OAKLAND, May 23. — Another play
which is new to the Oakland stage
was presented this evening at the
Liberty Theater by the Neill Com
pany and will continue during the
present week. The play is the famous
Daly comedy. "Nancy & Co.," which,
although it was first produced nearly
eighteen years ago, has never before
been seen in this city. The play was
adapted from a German farce by the
late Augustln Daly.
Miss Edythe Chapman in the char
acter of Nancy Brasher, a young
woman of a very impulsive disposition
and original ideas, made an unusual
ly favorable impression this evening,
and James Neill as Tippy Brasher, her
husband, was a well managed and
obedient spouse. The other members
of the company are becoming well
known to Oakland audiences.
"Xancy & Co.," AManted Prom a Ger
man Furee, at the Liberty The
ater This Week.
XEILJi COMPANY PRESENTS
ANOTIIEU DALY CO3IEDY
Agriculturist of University
Tells About the Effect
of the Controlling Law
Berkeley Office San" Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, May 23.
In a bulletin Issued at the University
of California to-day George Roberts,
instructor in agricultural chemistry,
describes at some length the applica
tion and effects of the law passed by
the last Legislature to regulate the
fertilizer industry, in this State. A
large part of the bulletin is devoted to
figures to show the results he obtained
in the analysis of the fertilizers on the
market of this Sta^te. Of the eighty
two brands analyzed all were found to
come up to the standard and to contain
the ingredients claimed for them by the
manufacturers.
The law' is to protect the farmers
against impure fertilizers. Acting in
accordance with this law, twenty-one
manufacturers registered 176 brands of
fertilizers and from among them the
eighty-two brands analyzed were se
lected. Regarding the results of his in
vestigations, Mr. Roberts say?:
"Nearly all the goods sold in this
State are pretty well up to guarantee.
Especially Is this true of goods put on
the market after the law went into
effect. In some instances a brand has
been short in one or two ingredients,
but had a compensating excess in the
others. This increased the value. I
found that a large number of brands
were not on the market."
Supervisor H. D. Rowe gave notice
at to-day's meeting that he would call
up the matter of a contract for a new
vault in the County Treasurer's office
at the next meeting and would then
move to reject ah bids for thl3 work.
The merit of the dispute between
rival factions of the Union Labor par
ty, who have petitioned the Board of
Supervisors for recognition as the only
real County Central Committee of that
party, was not decided by the board
to-day. The matter was continued two
weeks and it is believed will be forced
into the courts. i
Notice was served by C S. MacMul
lan on the Board of Supervisors to-day
that he would hold it responsible in
case it Daid out of the county general
fund the sum of $21,790 80 he asserts
is due him on aTcontract entered into
with|the board whereby he was to re
ceive 50 per cent of all the taxes col
lected upon assessable property he
could discover that had been overlook
ed by the Assessor. He claims that
$43,581 60 has accrued to the county as
a result of his efforts and claims half
of it. v
Oakland Office San Franciscd Call,
1118 Broadway, May 23.
Francisco and Maria Rosa Battlmarco to
Gluseppa and Fisor.e Cas*ina, lot on N line
of XThlrty-slxth street. 107.38 E of San Pablo
avenue. E 50.22. N 05:2, W 50. S 88.66, por
tion lots tj and 7, b! ck A. map portion Mra.
M. J. Evoy's property. Emeryville and Oak
land. Oakland Township; $1'>.
J. C. and Mary E. McMullen to Elmira.
Twis9 (wife of M E.). lot on S line- of Stuart
street, SO E of Grant. E 40 by S 120. portion
lots 49. CO. 51. block 3. Grove- Street Line
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Alfred V. Long: and Elizabeth F. Gwynneth
(both slnsle) to W. W. Ferrler. lot on W line
of HUlegass avenue, 15O S of Derby street,
S 50 by W 143. let 4. block C, Berry-Bangs
Tract N'o. 2. Berkeley; $10.
Charles and Rosa Kat3 to H. C. Garlock
and J. E. Buady, lot on N line of Premls*
avenue, 450 W of Peralta avenue, thence XW
1(K) by XE 123 Deerlng Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; 510.
F. O. Peterson (single) to Jose M. Silvia,
lot 7. block 18. map North Alameda Tract,
formerly Valder nnd Glascock. Tract. Brook
lyn Township; $175.
Maggie and Thomas J. Cox to F. G. Eiben
and A. J. Nor. lots lrt to 19. Red Rose Tract.
Brooklyn Township: -510.
Fannie A. and Isaac D. Wood (husband, and
as attorney) to Robert Hunter, lot en 3 Una
of Thirty-fourth street. 318:3 E of Market.
E 2:6 by S 100, Central Land Company Tract,
Oakland; *1.
M. S. Taylor (executor estate Maria Jan»>
to Alb°rt H. Riehn all Interest in lot on W
line o* Union" street. 100 N* of Railroad avenue
or Seventh street, N 32 by W 218:2>i. Oakland;
S2700.
Same to same, all interest in lot 1B0 S of
Eighth street. W 214.17. S 32.82. E 213.5, N
SJ. block 534. map portion block 834 excepting
portion de«criBed a» follows: W line of Union
street. 100 N of Railroad avenue or Seventh
street N 32 by W 216:2y>. Oakland: $20.
Lillian Wiedersheim (Brooka). wilt of
Charles F. H.. to Joseph Fletcher, lot on SW
corner of Fifty-sixth and Adeline streets. W
125.10, S S0.58, N 90.30. .portion lots 3 and I.
block E. map J. E. McElrath Tract, Oak
land *.-..
Helen. Lewis C*. and Charles It. Harmon <ex
ecutcrs estate Edward I>. Harmon) to Peter
Madzen, all Interest in tot beginning at Inter
section of line dividing Harmon Tract and lands
of Regent-street Homestead Association w •
8 line of Woolsey street, said point 120 VT
from V7 line of King street. S 133:4%. W
C7:5>4. N 135. E 77:9&. lot 20, block E. map.
subdivision of S portion of Harmon Trac>.
Berkeley; $!XJO.
George Carlisle (widower) to Elizabeth O.
Putzman (widow), re-record 5*S I>. 103. lot on
W line of Chestnut or Twentieth street. 46:8
S of Enclnal avenue. S 4«:» by W H>8, portion
Iota 1 to. II, block 9, amended map Bartlett
Tract. AlanW.i: $10.
Minerva A. Marston (wife of Frank W.) to
Abbie M. Marston. lot on N line of Santa Clara
avenue 131.15 E of St. Charles street. E 30 by
N 115. being E 3D feet of lot SO. Encinal Park
Tract, Alanwda; $10.
Bridget Callahan to Michael Callahan. lots 12
to IS, block 33. official map. Oakland; also lot
on N line of Seventh street. 120 E of Franklin.
E 30 by N 1C0, lot 20 and portion lot 27, block
78. Kellerberger's map, Oakland; gift.
William Bull and Isabelle H. Prfnffl* to Wil
liam T. Crossir.an (single), lot on N line of
Falrvtew street. 133.34 W oT Telegraph avenue.
W 44 by N 135, lot 13. block 2. map O. D.
Baldwin's subdivision, portion Woolsey Tract,
Oakland: $10.
Walter n; and Alice B. Dexter to William
A. and Martha Moore E 10 fe*t of lot 7. block
R, Alpine Tract. Oakland: $10.
P. H. Maloney to LJllie Malonay, undivided
fifth of lot on W line of Campbell street. 110 S
of Thirteenth. S 25 by W 115. lot 8. block 1.
plat of tract 3.83. Oakland: $10.
John M. and Emma B. Foy to James P.
Bunnell lot on X line of Channinff way. 3JIO
W of Fulton street. N CO. W 1O>. S 5i>. E 107.
portion lot-? 33 and 34. block 14, map block II.
College Homestead Tract, Berkeley; $10.
MONDAY. MAT 23.
Alameda County.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
TESTS 82 OF BRANDS
SERVED WITH A NOTICE
?
Body Warned Not to Pay
Sum of. §21,790 80, Which
He Says Belongs to Him
Chemist George Eoberts
Finds That Their Goods
Come Up to the Standards
Board of Supervisors Is
Not Yet Through With
C. S. jtfacMullairs Claim
FERTILIZER MEN
SELL HONESTLY
WANTS MONEY
FROM COUNTY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
from there for a lonjf ride. "Both Grace and
1m ura . Sanborn are charming Rlrla ¦ and are
ably assisted in their roles as hostesses by their
mother, Mrs. B. B. \ SanbornT"
6
ADVZSx'IfEitENTS.
CALL AGENCY REMOVAL
'NOTICE.
On Jane 1st the Oakland
ajfency and news headquarters
of this paper will be removed
from 1118 Broadway to 1016
! Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
, : j.
OAKIiAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BCRKELET.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 77.
AI4AMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4o92.
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vet you tc-is about all higjit, un-
able to sleep. It's your nerves
that arc. unstrung. Weak nerves
Tire starved nerves and you there-
fore need something; to nourish
and put vim and vitality into
them. For this particular duty,
Hosteller's Stomach Bitters is
highly indorsed by physicians. It
is also, invaluable in cases of Poor
Appetite, Insomnia, Indigestion,
Dyspepsia, Weak Kidneys, Bil-
iousness and Malaria, Fever and
Ague. We hope you'll try it at
once.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
A PECK OF^TROUBLS
a znan can save himself by having his
linen laundered at a reliable and Al
laundry like the United States. We
return it in such a condition as to
make it "a thing of beauty and a Joy
forever" while you wear It. Faultless
In color, beautiful in finish and in the
pink of condition is what you always
find it when returned from ¦ tho
United States Laundry. .
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
1004 MABKIT STREET. .
Telephone South 420.
It's a Mother's Duty
To see that the children's teeth receive
the
DENTIST'S
Attention at an early ape. It will pre-
vent premature decay, irregular growth,
loosening, etc.
Our methods are thorough and suc-
cessful. Filling, extracting, etc.. is done
In a highly skillful manner.
Teetb Beffulattd..$5|Bone 7UIlnrs.. 35o
Gold Jrilllar»..91.00;sUv«r riUiafs..!soo
Posf-Graduate Dental College
3 TATLOB ST, SAW r&AJTCXSCO.
973 Washington St., OaklanC
San Jos*. - - - '. Sacnun wifcfc
Ask Your Grocer For
Brand
Evaporated
Factory at Auburn,
Washington.
Bordeh's Condensed Milk Go
. ,; , :^.v?NEW YORK. . .THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1004.
7
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PR.\GEKS
i»K.\r:i:ns
PKAGERS
- ......... •¦¦.¦'¦"¦'. : j- •
f" "^ • — m ~"y S^ mmm \ \\ ruJf ! *'j'!f <v ?tilLjr?tiF WviiMWoSfl I" • /^ """! • ¦< f j
cxpcinsion oaie reaturc . 'd^^^^m^^^^^^**^^^. expansion opgcidi reaiurc
ifflHffil^MfinWS^OlfflSr™ nP HE leadin S P art of this saIe is some knit underwear that has just been
THERE is everything of the most up-to-date style in women's fancy wear, iy^| j||^[jJHJ|J3[j p|^y|yiij|[P^|i^i||^^ j received and opened. You will find just the things you have been wait-
trimmings, laces and embroideries. Specially low prices have been lySfelSS^^S mXTIm ufcj' iSz^S^i^^a^^S*t in » for -
marked 7or the sale beginning Tuesday. MJuI] JSlinirl' 1^™^6 I^^^^^^^^^TOPuSliBp OSc—WOMEN'S two thread Peeler cotton summer weight union suits; buttons
ci a* . .-, m' a VEILS. 1^^^^^^iyiii!JlB HH iffllHlBlSi^^^^l^^^ 'Bedford rib^summer weight vests with neck and arm
.$1.40— Automobile veils) ready to drape on the hat. They are 4 yards long and f K|t^?^^Sg^^^^BHro holes finished with silk wash ribbon; pink and blue only. A regular 65c value.
• are in black navy, light blue pink and brown VVorth $175- . iH «M® IS .|i|H| «Sc— WOMEN'S' fine mercerized Egvptian cotton summer vests; sleeveless with hand
2Oe ca ch-Hat drapes of fine quality f Of chiffon with . hemstitched borders and four $£a|iilEnJK crochet yokes. White only. A regular $1.00 value.
rows of fine tucks. 1 hey are iu yards long, and come in blue and white only. Recular ilf^P^MIll!™ \4& WM VBM WS^^^^^W 75c_W0MEN'S Vego silk vests, fine Oxford rib; hand crochet yokes and shoulder
75C values. M _. vw _._ OfllUHSiSII^^^S™^# straps. Thev come in pink, blue and white. Worth $1.00.
ot ,tr u u, v • * * NECKWEAR. i J^r^MjSS^^®^^K^^^^^^^^^Sf|fP 25c— WOMEN'S summer weight vests; Richelieu rib with neck and arm hole, run
21c_Washabe shirt waist stocks of good quality lawn; embroidered and have C^CTSFW MrTS^^H^^^SSSwiH SSSSSttsif* tt with washable ribbon. A regular 3=;c value!
fancy tabs Worth 50c. . v-j^^ a v N.I- fiiM^^^^rt^Bil^l^Mf^IjNP 7if 2««— CHILDREN'S Egyptian cotton Bedford rib umbrella drawers with crochet
25c— Black silk Peau de Soie four-m-hand tics, with embroidered ends. A big as- >^- fksJl A lace bottom^ Worth 15c
sortment of designs. Worth 30c. T?TnpoM< , N. 4l0C M. J X^fl^fir'? L<^ 20c— CHILDREN'S soft Peeler cotton shirts and drawers: two thread summer
o t j t- ¦-. -v K J BBO Y 1^- ., , _ . X • >S Raf(l'r s C !^ ¦W&$$Fvw^0iSm*- %. V^P weight Derby rib, ankle or knee length, pearl buttons and in white only. Sizes 18, 20
21c a yard— Fancy ribbon? with soft corded effects alternating with glossy taffeta; X \{S \\\\W^m*m*^}ffiHWvJ>£^*i\ \*r ind ->->• 2."»c— S.Vps "i anH "9- :50c Si/^^ -jn •»¦• anH n
5- inches wide. It comes in red, blue, green, pink and lavender, in shaded and dainty >v xclS&tygWL, • p^Zacii?^ \T/ ~> ¦ CHILDRFN'S RQMPFRS
¦ effects. This is rrotty ribbon for a summer hat. Worth 35c a yard. , N,,."ft d^^SfcA JLJlJ- 5& 73c_Colored rompers, the kind that covers the youngsters from head to foot; made
LACES. _ _ C/j4Jl tm- f$ )^Ag^J5>. T*^ 1 lixff r^-s.^^^|W of fast colored Galatea cloth, piped with red. Ages 2 to 6 years.
T3c a yard — All-over laces, 18 inches wide. Some have insertion effects alternating ¦ TLJ* "*"""*"" ""' U? *• -^iitftJ <^-^^^|M[ltS * HOSIERY
with bcadins that can be run with ribbon. Comes in cream and white. Regular $1.00 fl«0 j ; U- BfMp> r SiilP^ 1 -'/'" a Pair-ROYS 1 and GIRLS' hosiery of Rood heavy cotton, with double
valet. Smtab.c for waists. ¦ fj!K . knees anJ toes pjst M>A Wpr|h '
A Splendid Collection of Necessary IT v4 *•<&/%»* «lin a «*^7 O4 >< io8*ivt£r r*v\ Some Good Bargain News From Oar
I Odds and Ends BrXiraOrqinary Vngrmg. OK Domestic Department,
HERE arc drug sundries and notions at cut prices. Every *W\« VffV Q« «<• a a* «. «• tl HF HE RE is not an item here that does not mean a saving of
participant in this sale event will be rewarded by saving | fr|£fc£^ %/|/ g&| | M l|r#lfl|O* %# S %/il^ifi I from ten to twenty-five per cent on the regular figures.
a considerable amount on regular purchases. 21 afi^WV V V & S^^SiiM^Lft VJT & y IOI1
DRUG SUNDRIES. , NOTIONS. ' 7 V DRESS LAWN. , TOWELS.
4v each— Face chamois. We arc agents for Standard fash- - 3c a _ yard— Very pretty dress 7 C each— Heavy hemmed huck
of a cake — Williams' shaving ions. A^ & V S V lawn, with neat floral and figured towels half linen- these are good
oc a box— 200 assorted hairpins. S »^!^TOlOF^f S W<^^ &&%& designs. They come in lengths of serviceable towels that sell else-
1 7o— Rosaline. 6 for 5c— Fine steel hat pins, 7, flll^Mm^.3 H^sJ'R W W ll^t!r H E« from 2H to 10 yards. • where at 10c.
I7e_Diamond nail enamel. 8 or 9 inches long, black and white -****»» «»m^r»»WW ~ W 4* w ? V"* v " f BED SPREADS. , 25c each-Large double threaded
a for S5c— Mcanea's talcum oc ca ch- 4 and s hook corset j ?1.25_Good bed spreads for real Turkish bath towels. Worth
P °2f?cllava rice powder; worth ' 3 for 5c_Coats' darning cotton. O UR lar^ fnd complete stock offers practically an unlimited assortment of all the new b !f Is^ d^ $4.00 a dozen.
35c 10c a dozen-Solid pearl stick \J garments that are being worn. Every size can be found here. c c t^%J^ c other grades lrora . BURLAP.
, 17 °— M««ion olive cream. Reg- pins; all colors. SHIRTWAISTS. other shipment of shirt waist suits; all are very pretty '* CURTAINS. 12i/,c a yard— 36-inch burlap;
ular 25c value 2 d ozen ior ioc_^e\\ wnite SOc—Thousands of very stylish white lawn shirt and are made of Siciliene cloths and silks. A big as- j^S.oO a pair— Real Irish Point heavy and a full yard wide. It
1«o a pint— Witch hazel. pearl buttons for underu ear. etc., waists in a pretty as?ortmcnt o f itylesJ They are sortment of styles and color^-*r>" curtains; four different designs of comes in tan, olive, huntef. sage.
J EWE f,? Y - S1Z SPONGES neatly embroidered, inserted and tucked. Regular. TAILORED SUITS th ? choicest patterns. They arc scarlet, cardinal, garnet, navy, etc.
flne^'asso^cmoTthirfwa^tsets 10c each-Urge bath sponges; ?I ' 5 ° ?1.35L S everal hundred handsome sheer lawn \ *™* and^12.45-0ver 200 suits iust received dining-room, library, The best grade | made. Social for
in pearl, metal and agate ware. worth 35c. Special. waists, elaborately trimmed and finished in up-to- 'rom New York.,. The materials are the best and thev v ' ' ¦ .. tu ,* ; ' y 3 '
— — —^ ¦«-¦——— — — — — — —^— d atc f as hion. They are good values at $2.00 and $2.2=;. ar e worth double the price. ..Also others at $14.03 and .
Most, Attractive Sale of Children's b <J!^fZ E*'"S'™S it **¦ - 50 ' petticoats. . A Fine Lot> of Straw Hats for Men
¦ — — — Oxfords, varying in price up to $1.45. "^ f>5c — Pretty black sateen petticoats; well made ¦ ' % w% ' w 9% •
Colored DreSSeS ¦ SILK WAISTS. and prettily finished around the bottom. Worth $1.50. /H>C1 BOVS fitf LOW PHCeS
V/UAUI CU I/I C5SC5 9 2.45, ?2.05 and up to *20.00_A splendid as- WASH SKIRTS. UUU W^ OU l^UW riltW
WHAT is neater for children's wear during the vacation sortment to select from. All arc beautifully inserted 48c and up to $4.50— We carry a complete line 1"^ VERY stvle hat worn this season is included in our CTeat
months than washable dresses? We have a big .ot-to -" f'",!^ XT™ "'*""" ""'^ '"' """ "" '"" W&^^S&^SSS3t^S& £ H< ,™ S° P L%°, 1 the fam ° US mak ' S a " d "" be
choose from and every one is moderate in price. SHIRT WAIST SUITS. white ducks and piques. All are well made, with full had at a third and a half less. ,
and fe^hyrT^n 1 st7^ d rnd"he m cks C *Ti^r?te%&* &&$$£. " P * * 2r "°°- Wc d » swec ° and of thc latcst OOe and ?1.45-M C n; S straw hats, in Yacht. Optirno Telescope
belt and cuffs of white oxford. Sizes 4 to 12 years. Worth $2.00. • S!i ¦?-? C J tf,™ d; m r ° Ugh and Sm °° th Straw " They are rCR "
. JULCS-Made of sheer colored or.andie with > wjite dots They have . ¦*" ffisViH rfsfo^Ment fine Milan straw, in Optimo and Fedora
box pleated yokes and rufnes of the same material edged with narrow lace shaoes
2a^^P^i^iiplil Unparalleled Bargains in the Newest Summer gg^
"detachable collar and belt. Worth $3.50. " 1. 00 and $1.2^
.«2.4S_White pique dresses with three box pleats in back and front; CV!1 J 1\ /< J khaki hats; just the thing for outing wear.
§K Ag ff e s s c e e h $^: vith jlfe o£ samc on Silks and Dress Goods s tr a wr R at^ c ld inn^ bnm sailors> m rough and smooth
¥ •> • «• m ¦ #»% • «v • Ti it ORE than ordinary interest is concentrated on silks and dress roods. There is not Lv g» j l" f ir^? fkt^^- __t tj. .. •__ |^f-..__ g a . *.•
LOW PriCe HatS anCl TrimmmgS 111 lyl a similar department in the city that is offering such phenomenal bargains as ours. OOme INOVel WeaS 111 INeW lmpOrtatlOl\
i tfVin MillinAt«xf P A Ame T^ * These special lines have been selected for Tuesday. A r>*~A~
ujr mininery Rooms silks Black Dres? CoodtB ol Art, ooods
WE made these hats particularly for rough wear. They are 55c a vard— Novelty silks which represent $1.00 31c to $1.25 a yard— Black Alpacas. Siciliene 1WTOTHING is more attractive to the home than dainty little
cheap and serviceable and will save your higher priced and $1.25 values. Very few lengths contain enough and brilliantine. 38 to 54 inches wide. I VI pieces of fancy work We are showing unusually fine
hats. Inspect our stock. ' 50c a yard-45-inch black storm serge: a firm l * things. &
• s^ Va £ at T S; r°?* h^f d , rCady Str u aWS; ™*^-S0. browr u green! gray Jnd I red whhwhuf overshot weave and good black; sheds the dust. This is an CUSHION TOPS.
IV42~2 and " madC ? Ol S nial a " d C T ° thCr , sha p PCS; , WOr c. th $2 £°- thread in relief. Worth 75c a yard. ; exceptional value. SSc-Mercerized cushion tops of Turkish designs. Worth *>c.
OSo—t"- a " HT lurl ? ans V m " l5r tnmmed -- Regular $5.00 hats. 48c to 85c a yard— Pongee silks from 20 to 27 85c a yard— 52-inch black granite for suits. It is 12/ 2 e- Cushion tops, with designs of Gbson sketches; pine cones
**» irimmea luscans ior cmidren. inches wide; included in this assortment are the Tus- an open weave which, combined with its wiry charac- and Oriental patterns. Regular 25c and 35c values.
.,.- . . r>- 1 A ¦ u L sah and Shanting cloths. Nothing better wearing than tcr, makes it dust proof. 154c — Fancy muslin pillow slips, with printed bowknots and floral de-
i-£ VSrSfi, hT' * this material. • 43c d " 6 inch black corded hatistr v-rv signs. They are ready to slip over the cushion. Worth 50c.
. • Z£ZII\ 1 *%V£ bUdS ' Ti^^^ BUREAU SCARFS. . !
UNTRIMMED SHAPES. J?" ever offered any other we , 5Qc & twi , led moha ; r . another 29c each-Lawn bureau scarfs with hemstitched border with lace
50c— About 20 dozen untrimmed rough and ready straw shapes, this G3c a yard— 24-inch black Peau de Soie. It beats summer cloth which is appreciated for its high finish beading inserted to be run w-ith ribbon VVorth 50c.
season's latest; worth $1.50. all values ever offered in this city. Many persons are and durability. • PILLOW SHAMS. , v'Vv'
CHILDREN'S HATS. buyinc it for future use. / - 85c a yard— 52-inch blackVoile boutonne; a nat- i 58c— Spachtel and Tambour pillow shams; scalloped borders, finished
91.98 and $2.5O — Trimmed hats; worth $2.50, $3.00, $4.50 and $5.00. 20c a yard— 23-inch white Tapanese silk which tv material which classes favorably as an outing spe- with narrow braids and fancy scrolling «in center, with blind and open-
$l»00 — Prettily trimmed Tuscans. sc jl s always at 35c and 40c a yard. cialty which will wear well. work effects. Worth $1.00 a pair.
Exceptional Values in This Snt^ n? Men's I Great Specials in Hammocks I Mid-Week Offering Men's and Boys' Furnishliiis
E_ , _ _ J {**% f\ * r li HP HIS offer will stand for to-day only. Every article is an exceptional value.
Tl«AUCPl«c 9inr1 Auifn/C r^nmAnfr flI\0 VgO~V^(lTt|S !" 1 The styles are those now being worn in the fashion centers of the East:.
irUV^CrS anQ UUlinS UarmeillS —. IG reduct i 0ns have been made on eVerf one' of these ft1 _ UNDERWEAR. ; NECKWEAR.
i JTT^ = : k< U-tne Tli^v arf. trrrzt barn-airi* for cummer out 91-25 a garment— .Cooper s Derby ribbed lie— All-silk shield bow ties; plain white,
HERE is a special collection of garments that may be worn during the sum- JD • y > S Bargains tor summer out- underwear; all wool, in plain blue color. The black and co i ors . This is a tie that is hooked
.. ... - ,, , _, . & *ngS. . "';. drawers have adjustable waist band, rem- on *o the button and remains there. A rezu-
mer months. They are stylish and well made. The prices are unequaled. 5 HAMMOCKS. forced scat and covered seams. These gar- S 25 c va™
• $2.50— Full colored cotton hammocks, with deep-fringed val- ments fit the form perfectly, and as for dura- " nnv -, - UTPT «
* TROUSERS. ance; extra foot bar that gives it a fine appearance when hung. bility are unexcelled. They are always sold xjwxa drurcio.
snitlble^Sr weir ISS^S^ffi ?hf ttfnnJ^r i? B^'fi! ° f &*% good hammock, with two spreaders, valance and pil- " ' !" S °" SOX. . bosomind^Sffs arched. They' op^all S the
are ocrfect AH are regular $ 2 mvllie, < poSSlbIe manncr ' the fi * a «d finish low ; n rcd> blu^ and grecn . Worth $2.25 regularly.. 8c a pair-Searnless sox, in black, tan, red way down the front. Two collars -to match,
arepcrtect. aii are regular $2.00 values. : .J^ •. ' : r . ; Fine hammocks, in red, green or blue. Also some and red with white dots; double he,cls and They are of neat figures and stripes. Ages
$l.J_— This lot comprises cheviots, cassimeres and worsteds in 20 different styles. Some a t 75c which have been reduced from Si 06 toes. Strictly fast colors and all sizes. 6 to 12 years. Regular price, 50c.
are the same as shown in $4.00 patterns. All arc sewed with silk and linen thread and will • nr . /-.aotc '
not rip. ;». __ " UU-tAK16. , \; : —^-. .« «. - - 1^1 C* *? Fill ? A
.^80 Trousers for dress, business jnd w «r of the n«v«t Scotch«: n«t feSfclSSSKiSLll'J^SS Wh " 1S ' BOVS W aSnaDlC 3UllS 1 tial Are
j.»» —n. a- * s\n. j »r- exn « <• ¦ —¦* -^ . . . ¦ thing lor the baby. An excellent value. li T< « ¦>%¦ m . ImT/iar
?4.OO and 95.OO— All the newest stvles in worsteds, Scotches and cheviots: uo- . Rubber-tire go-cart, with reed back and foot rest; . * WWill 111 PlICCS
to-date and perfect fitting trousers. Our prices are at least one-third lower than elsewhere. reclining and folding. It can be folded and carried on street . 3$S£ . *^ — — —
otittmo n nTwrrc • czrSt c^^' i^ ;,,. A S summer and vacation approach mothers are on the lookout for bargain
% , t _ f . .; "U"«G CLOTHES. back and folding go-cart. An exceptional value. i\ " snaps » for the young fellows. We want to lay particular stress upon the
' ' J ,'™~r I g ° q I . k • trouse J rs: tur " UP b °"° mS and , bcIt J stra ; s - \ -^ . . ¦¦ T = - = ! II rrV high quality of materials in our boys' clothing and the very low prices. These
teraT 1 -°°- Crash troU£Crs turn up bottoms and belt straps. Extra good grade of ma- . • ¦ suits are most serviceable. - .
- $'l.5O-Linen trousers; very serviceable and well made. - ' . 111 ; '.- : •" -, ¦'..'. '-'-'•K *) , , 30 , e - A11 our boys' washable suits that were formerly 75c now reduced. These are exccl-
«*.* <- f c r- . n 1 trx. 1 • . ' Mm jflkiL' .A, ,rfk AAi JkJ lent values and should not be overlooked. Ages .Mo 10 vears.
$1.4.»— b. b. Government Royal Khaki trousers to fit any man. pffl LB H^Xffl li^ H^^T 75c— Washable suits in very pretty and stylish patterns; ages 3 to 10 years. These are
SJ.45—U. S. Government Royal Khaki coats: single and double breasted stvlcs. 131 \Wt EH ¥i Hi fs3^ IS reduced from $1.00.
$2.45— U. S. Government Royal Khaki coats in Norfolk style llski fcr5 H fl. M II || ML Wl sWl *1.00_AJI suits that were sold for $1.2;. All arc the latest styles and materials.
$2.5O— Blue Flannel coats; all wool and fast color, warranted. /"B^P 5 * ? J^%' l&» A&F^ »8c— Khaki suits in gray and made up m military style; have long trousers. Ages * to
Serge coats, pure worsted;* all pockets reinforced. Extra strongly made. ' t , $1.19— K hakl suits made of the regular armv khaki raaterialwith long trousers. They
$1.50— Black Alpaca coats, the kmgthat will not tear. fflT ' ALWiffS RELIART F are perfect fitting and just the tiling for bovs to wear during summer.
AH the Shopping Inducements That Have Made This Store JSl i^^ft- iQ^n 1VT AT>J^Tr r r <zt at Will Be the Largest. Deportment* Store
Popplar Are Stfll Here. I X^9P ,^WjyiAKKL 1 STjokesI .:; x-:., ¦;¦ ;., ;,WestV.ChiaSo.; < _3The poorhouse Is about, the last place
in flie world where one would expect
Gambling in Poorhouses.
Investigators have made the interesting discovery that
underneath London and its millions of people there is
a, great lake of pure water. Can't somebody suggest a
means by which this body ; of water may be made to find
an outlet in Whitechapel?. • *'f^
A Michigan burglar, who seems to have neglected the
lessons of many years devoted to 4iis thieving craft, was
sentenced the other day to serve the remainder of his life
in a penitentiary for stealing three dollars and two hats.
It is highly probable that all self-respecting members of
the, fraternity of burglars will accept the court's decree
as just retribution for an'; idiocy so palpable as that ex
hibited by the offender in being caught for so small a
matter. ~-
The first machine gun of ayy note
was the Gatling. The original Gatling
had ten barrels placed in a circle, with
a breech mechanism so arranged that
by turning a crank these barrels were
successively fired, the cartridges being
placed in a small hopper situated on
the top of the gun. The Hotchkiss was
a similar gun, having a similar ar
rangement of barrels, but a totally
different form of mechanism. The
Hotchkiss system, however, was used
for a larger type of ammunition than
the Gatling. The French mitrailleuse
had thirty barrels. They all were load
ed at the same time and all fired sim
ultaneously. The recoil was so great
that it had to be mounted in the same
manner as a field piece, on a heavy
carriage requiring six horses. The ap
paratus was clumsy, difficult to oper
ate and had a comparatively slow rate
of fire. The Nordenfeldt gun consists
of a series of barrels arranged side by
side, like organ pipes. The Nordenfeldt
gun generally has five barrels and the
mechanism Is worked by a lever, the
cartridges falling down from a hopper
on the top of the arm into position,
where the mechanism thrusts them into
the barrel, fires them and extracts the
empty case. This gun is of great sim
plicity and for a time went into exten
sive use.
The hand-worked machine gun, how
ever, has given place to a totally dif
ferent form of arm, having ; but one
barrel, and is known as the automatic
gun. which was one of my own inven
tions.—Sir Hiram Maxim, In Harper's
Weekly. . •¦. .
Machine Guns.
BORDERING on Mono at the north, San Bernar
dino at the south, and Fresno and Tulare counties
on the west, lies the great county of Inyo. As a sec
tion rich in minerals it has long been widely known. Mil
lions of dollars have been taken from its mines of pre
cious metals. Death Valley, incalculably rich in borax and
presumably rivaling Chile in nitrates, is within its wide
spreading border lines. For an eastern neighbor it has
It is the point of departure for Mount Whitney for
many tourists and mountaineers. In addition to these
endowments the county is rarely picturesque' and has a
geographical position that qualifies it to become a sure
and reliable supply point for many products of the soil
to Nevada and to a wide range of country. ,
For many years it has been known, that Inyo County,
by reason of its elevation above th^sea level, in some
sections is admirably adapted to • the pfxiduouon of ap
ples. The county area embraces every conceivable vari
ety of temperature, from the coolness of the high Sierra
to the heat of Death Valley.
The chief desideratum has been the construction of a
system to distribute the water that runs, through the
county, but is of comparatively little' avail for agricul
tural uses under existing circumstances. Light in this
direction has begun to dawn upon Inyo and the people
of the county are correspondingly pleased.
The systematic researches of the departments of the
Federal Government's service known as trie irrigation
investigation and the geological survey , have, during the
past few years, proceeded far in the determination of the
arnounts of water that arc available for irrigation in this"
and other States west of the Rocky Mountains and "also
in the ascertainment of available^ reservoir sites, the de
tails of construction work, necessary- for the founding of
irrigation upon an enduring basis and the calculation of
irrigable areas, together with crop probabilities and re
lated topics pf first importance.. Now a report has been
filed by Chief Hydrographer Lippincott of the Geological
Survey concerning Inyo County. The essential point in
this is that it is estimated there is enough water flowing
through Owens Valley to moisten sufficiently for agri
cultural purposes practically "every acre in the valley.
This comprehends, of. course, the impounding of the sur
plus water at certain times for. economical use at others.
A canal, so finds Mr. Lippincott, would .be capable of
providing water for bringing into use a large area that is
AWAKENING FOR INYO.
The Republican platform represents the constructive
purpose of the party. It recites, using the noble rhetoric
of understatement, the work done in the past and the
steps taken to advance us to the position of the world's
creditor nation, by giving us sound money and a creative
power that makes the world our debtor. No guarantee
of the future is offered except the purpose to continue
therein the constructive work of the past.
Let a patriotic Democrat read that platform and say
whether he can object to any part of it. It speaks for
the protective policy; so does the Democratic platform.
That' difference is eliminated. It declares for an Amer
ican merchant marine. So does the Democratic plat
form. It wants a sufficient navy, the Panama canal,
Chipese exclusion, protection of American citizens at
home and abroad, the preservation of forests and the
reclamation of our arid domain. Does any Democrat
object to any of these things? Does any doubt that, in
view of its capacity for action, the Republican party will
work for their accomplishment?
New duties are upon us as a nation. The prejudice
against the Republican party held by Democrats inheres
in history and relates to anti-slavery, the Civil War and
the reconstruction period. But those issues are all past
and accomplished. The party must be judged by its
present aspects and tried by its relation to things of the
present and the future. So judged, what reason, outside
of prejudice, is there for refusing to support it?
THE platform adopted by the Republican State Con
vention may well be taken as a model by the Na
tional Convention. It is all said in less than> 500
words. Yet it is a complete statement of the party's
principles, policy and achievements. It 'is conceived in
the belief that such a statement is sufficient reason for a
continuance of power, and that any indictment of the
Democracy is unnecessary. Therefore there is no "view
ing with alarm" nor ringing accusations, such as make
up the body of the Democratic platform. The hopeful
view of the future and the sane analysis of the reasons
for that view widely differentiate the two parties.
THE PLATFORM.
Leading educators in the public schools of California
have selected a permanent committee of representative
men among them to watch the Legislature while in ses
sion and to direct, if possible, the energies of our Sacra
mento solons toward the best interests of our public
school system. It is surprising that our educators, ac-\
customed as they are to difficult and dangerous tasks,
care to assume so stupendous a burden upon their ac
tivities. V
By official decree the women of Prague will no longer
be permitted to wear in public places gowns that trail
upon the streets. This measure recommends itself for a
double virtue. It will not only force the gentler sex of
Prague to be more artistic in their apparel, but it will
take from them their extremely dangerous capacity as
disseminators of germ disease. . In this golden age of the
microbe life is precarious enough without multiplying the
dangers of infection. . *
joyment possible out of an existence in
which he is doomed to play a Filent
rart. Hut his own sore affliction has
only stimulated him to devote his time
and means to ameliorating the. lot of
those who are similarly stricken, and
have in addition the burden of poverty
to contend with. And that this work
has I brought him happiness in far
greater measure than would have come
to him had he simply used his wealth
to minister to his own pleasures no
one who note? his bright, animated
countenance, his sparkling -yes and
above all his cheery smile can doubt.
In his philanthropic labor he is ably
seconded by his sister. Miss Constance
FJrirbairn. who is also deaf and dumb.
To enumerate all the associations for
promoting the welfare of the deaf with
which Sir Arthur is connected would
require a long catalogue. The various
oQIces he fills in them are no sinecures.
They entail a vast amount of corre
spondence and much' traveling. Any
invention, idea or suggestion which
promises increased educational facili
ties or other advantages for those who
dwell in eilence receives his prompt at
tention, and support if good for any
thing.
Though he cannot talk there are few
men in England who "address", more
public meetings in various parts of the
country, his audiences being like him
self all mutes. With his fingers he can
"speak" as rapidly and, judging by the
eflect on adtpts in sign language, quite
as eloquently and persuasively as many
who have a wide reputation for ora
tory. No important meeting of the
deaf is deemed complete without a
"speech" from the baronet. His home"
in Brighton reveals his many-sided
culture! Beautiful pictures hang on
the walls. The library Is well stocked
with books. Many rare works of art
end"historic mementoes adorn the vari
ous apartments. Travel is one of his
passions. He has been all over Eu
rope and has visited the principal cities
in the United States. His collection of
brie-a-brac is largely the result of these
peregrinations. Some of the objects
were discovered in slums In Paris,
Christiania or New York. A lock of
the great Napoleon's hair, finely framed
and accompanied by three autograph
documents attesting- Its. genuineness,
was bought by Sir Arthur In a mean
little back street in Paris for six louis.
It stands near to an exquisite vase, a
gift from the Emperor William I, who
in his old age humiliated the descend
ants of the man who wore that hair.
This superb vase, with Its artful Cupids
upholding a female form, was the
Kaiser's present to Sir Arthur's father,
who was chairman of the great Man
chester exhibition of 1856 and of the
International Exhibition in London in
1R62. Another large vase was the gift
of the third Napoleon, as well as an
exquisite tea service, each piece marked
with the imperial cypher and crown.
Sir Arthur is now 52 years old. He
enjoys vigorous health, which may be
attributed to the fact that despite the
great amount of hard work he does ho
finds time to indulge his tastes as a
sportsman with the rod and gun.
Cycling is another form of recreation
of which he Is very fond.'
MR ARTHCR FAIUBAIRN, THE ,
HHIUXTHROWC DEAF UVTE j
WHO AIDS FELIvOW SUFFERF.KS. J
The French Duel
Recent legal actions growing out of a
fatal duel in Paris between Charles
Ebelot and Henri Lautier show Row
dueling is regarded by the French law.
Ebelot, the survivor, was charged with
"having by blows and wounds caused
death unintentionally." Judging from
the wording of the indictment, the law
does not take duelists seriously, or it
would not admit the supposition that
they do not enter into the encounter
with any deadly intention. In this case
proof was forthcoming that the affair
had been carried out fairly, according
to the recognized rules of the duello,
and the prisoner was acquitted. The
family of the deceased took no part In
the criminal prosecution, but obtained,
in the civil action, one franc damages
and costs.
Goethe and Panama.
In view of the formal taking over
by the United States of the Panama
canal works. It may be worth recall
ing, as an instance of the political pre
science of Goethe, that, so long ago as
1827, in the course of a conversation
with Eckermann, he declared it to be
indispensable that the United States
should have such a passage between
the Mexican Gulf and the Pacific, and
he was sure they would execute it, al
though he would not live to see its ac
complishment. On the same occasion
the poet also expressed the wish that
he might see the Danube and the
Rhine linked together by a waterway,
and, thirdly, the English in posesssion
of a canal from Suez. To see the reali
zation of these three great projects
would, he declared, be worth living
fifty years longer. — Westminster Ga
zette.
The Long Bow.
"In certain parts of the Himalaya
Mountains the native women have a
singular way of putting their children
to sleep in the middle of the day. The
child is put near a stream of water,
and by means of a palm leaf or tin
scoop the water is deflected so as to
run over the back of the child's head.
The water pouring on the child's head
apparently sends It to slep and keep*
it so, while the mother proceeds with
her work in the field. No one seems
ever to fear that the baby may bo
drowned."
The Chicago Journal says this, but
like the man from Missouri, It will
have "to show us."
Ansivers to Queries.
PEDRO— E. T. N., City. In the game
of pedro points on the last play are de
termined in the. following order: High,
low, Jack, game and pedro.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS— Constant Read
er, City. The public schools of San
Francisco will close for the summer
vacation June 10, and remain closed
for six weeks.
PINOCLE— Player, City. The rule
in the game of pinocle is that if a
player looks over his tricks, further
than the last trick, he shall lose all
scores for cards.
MARQUISE— Subscriber, City. Mar
quise Is the French name for the wlfo
of a Marquis. In the French language
It is pronounced as If written mar-keys,
¦with "mar" sounded as In March.
NO FLOWERS — Subscriber, Aiame
da, Cal. The poem entitled "There were
No Flowers When the First Child Died"
Is to be found In a volume of poems,
by the author, Maurice Francis Egan.
CURIOS — Subscriber. City. If you
have a number of curios that you wish
to ' dispose of, the best way to bring 1
them to the notice of such as might
desire them Is to advertise them In The
Call. f-'/V;
CHINESE— Subscribed, City. Chines©
cannot be naturalized In the United
States under the laws thereof, but chil
dren born to Chinese parents In tho
United States are citizens thereof by
reason of birth, and as such, on attain
ing the proper age. are eligible to any
political office.
AN AUTHOR WANTED— A Sub*
scriber, Aiameda, Cal. This correspon
dent would like the name of the author
of a poem In which occur the follow
ing lines. Can any of the readers of
this department furnish the desired In
formation?
But whether she came as a sweet perfume.
Or as a spirit In stole of white.
I feel as I leav« tha darkened room.
She has been with my soul to-night.
DEPARTMENT HORSES — Citizen.
City. The horses of the San Francisco
Fire Department are trained befora
they are assigned to companies.
Townsend's California Glace fruits fa
artistic lire-etched boxes. 715 Market at.'
¦ Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 330 Gu-.
tfornla atreet. Telephone ilala 1041, •
When the Empress Dowager dies there will be a for
ward movement in China. The spirit of progress is a
ferment among the people. The large number of
Chinese who have been educated in the United States
and Great Britain see the reforms that are needed.
Prince Pu.Lun, who is now in this country, will probably
be Emperor of China in a short time. He is an -en
lightened man who knows the world arid appreciates the
importance of conforming to its standards. With him as
ruler at Peking we will not have a China like India un
der the Moguls, or the Khanates under Russia. But we
will have a country awakened as Japan is. Not with am
bitions directed against other nations, but confined to in
ternal progress and development.
Such a China will build railroads and distribute its con
gested population tp a more roomy field. It will have
more wants, demand more exchanges with other nations
and will put the physical force of four hundred millions
of people into self-elevation and civilization. The yel
low peril will be made a myth by equality of wants and
standards with the rest of the world. With such' a
transformation in prospect the apparent Russian plan of
campaign will result in undisputed Chinese sovereignty
of Manchuria by command of the world. -
IT is evidently the Russian policy to retire to Siberia
in the hope that the Japanese will attempt to follow.
If the Japanese content themselves to free Man
churia of the Russian forces and restore ic intact to
Chinese administration Russia will doubtless wait until
it is safe to assume the aggressive and again move into
that province.
But the world wants peace and stability in Eastern
Asia. Japan, content with the control of Korea, may call
upon the nations for a guarantee against further turmoil
lhat would be caused by another advance upon Man
chrria". We are unable now to see why such a call to the
world should not be heeded. China is placing herself in
the right attitude by going beyond her treaties and de
claring ports open to all nations as fast as Russian in
fluence is withdrawn. We think it is the right conclu
sion of all who wisely observe events and soundly fore
cast the future that it is best that China preserve her
territorial integrity.
BACK TO SIBERIA.
5 HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON. May 12.— At the
recent entertainment of the St. Sav
ior's Pocial Club, all of whose members
are deaf mutes, the central figure was
Sir Arthur Fairbairn. the "deaf and
dumb baronet," as he is widely known
all over Enpland. Possessed of an
abundant fortune, a keen and culti
vated intelligence, and rare artistic
tastes. Sir Arthur would hardly have
been deemed a selfish man had he de
voted his means to getting all the en-
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
Special Corrofj>o n< l cnce
The Deaf and Dumb Baronet.
the galleon In the course of a few days.
The success already obtained has
caused great excitement.
Some astonishment is expressed that
the galleon should have been found in
tact, as In many previous attempts
that have been made by treasure hunt
ers dynamite has been used, and It was
feared much damage was done.
A female, generously characterized as a woman, cre
ated a sensation in a local court recently by seeking to
kiss a man who was accused of an atrocious murder and
on trial for his life. This is very clearly an indication
that the time has come when men facing the desperate
emergency of a jury's decision need and should receive
the protection of the police. No man should be punished
dntil his guilt'is established.
It has been said that no man should
perpetrate a joke who would not be
willing to take a Joke in return. An
Instance brought to memory by the
story that appeared In The .Call a few
days since, telling how Alexander Bad
lam secreted lead under a wheelbar
row, exemplifies this truth.
Badlam In his day was one always
ready to Joke with his acquaintances,
but strange to say could not accept a
Joke when the tables were turned on
himself. At the time he was Assessor
It was his habit to drive his horse and
buggy into the basement of the City
Hall and hitch the animal up until it
was time to drive home. At that day
there was a poor, little hunchback ele
vator boy attending to the crude rope
elevator in the hall. This little crip
ple conceived the idea one day of
hitching Badlam's horse and reversing
him in the buggy, placing his head
toward the seat and In that position j
fastly securing him. By using the har
ness and some ropes which he found
in the building he made a good job of
the operation. Then he gave the tip
to the City Hall employes to be on
hand to witness Badlam's discomfiture
when he appeared on the scene.
The gang was on hand and lost no
time in enjoying the joke. Not so
with the man at whose expense it
was played. The Assessor got good
The Joker Joked.
The local government board recently !
had its attention called to a case in
which a workhouse attendant was sus- <
pended by the guardians for acting as ;
a bookmaker to tl\e pauper inmates.
The case would never have been J
broached but that a gambler lost his i
head and "gave the show-' away," be- j
cause he had not been paid the £5 1
he considered he had won over a bet
on the Derby. The disclosure will
arouse the poor-law authorities all j
over the country, no doubt, but it is I
not easy to perceive what steps they j
ran take to stop gambling in work
houses.
Moreover, betting on races is not by
any means the only form of gam
bling paupers enjov: it is the favorite
where it can be indulged, but where !
paupers cannot make use of their at- j
tendants and friends for the purpose
of "backing their fancy," they can
generally find some other means,
though tamer, of investing their hum
drum lives with a little excitement.
During his walks abroad in search
of "copy," the writer has met a num
ber of persons who have been "cer
tified paupers," and has discussed with
some of them this secret feature of
workhouse life, with the result of com
ing to the conclusion that the poor
house inmate who does not gamble in
some way when he can procure the
wherewithal is the exception rather
than the rule.
With many paupers nothing is too
trifling or uncertain to excite bets be
tween themselves; the change of diet,
the weather, somebody's chances of
taking dismissal from the workhouse
and other trivial things all are fair
game.
Pence and small silver are laid on
and against any possible event,' and
generally paid by friends of the loser
to friends of the winner, to be held In
trust. And the exactitude with which
such people and their friends treat
"debts of honor" could not be im
proved on by th» richest members of
the aristocracy.
Paupers have dismissed themselves
in order to go and seek work In order
to earn money with which to pay
such debts, and others have dismissed
themselves In order to go and enjoy
the fruits of their gambling. ''' r Vv
Some of _ the latter have established
themselves In trades, • to the reduc
tion of the rates, on money thus ac
quired. Nevertheless, not one guardian
of the poor In a hundred even suspects
gambling goes on in the Union he
helps to control.— Pearson's Weekly.
gambling to be carried on, but It is an
astonishing fact, which, however, re
flects no discredit on the authorities,
that there are really few workhouses
In the country where secret gambling
does not obtain in some form or other.
Many hundreds of pounds are lost
and won by dwellers in the work
houses of this country in the course of
every year. Thousands of bets do not
exceed a few pence, but some do run
to such large figures that paupers dis
miss themselves on the strength of
their successes and never enter the
poorhouse again.
The Idea of a pauper laying four or
five pounds on a race sounds ridicu
lously extravagant, but such bets, and
others bigger, are made in workhouses,
thot|gh, of course, comparatively rarely.
There is In Brixton a small but profit
able business run by an elderly, couple
who stepped into the shop parlor
straight from a workhouse! The stock
and goodwill of the business were
bought with money won by the old
man on simple bets during the time he
was .''chargeable on the parish"; he
boasts of it. though he is careful not
to 5av what workhouse he patronized,
less trouble might accrue to himself.
No doubt the majority of workhouse
gamblers are losers Instead of winners,
as their betting is scarcely ever done
among themselves, but cither with or
through attendants or friends outside;
and the racing intelligence which pene
trates into workhouses is not often suf
ficient to make for success in betting.
That attendants should sometimes
lend themselves to such secret gam
bling ways is nothing very extraor
dinary, for they are never so hand
somely paid for their duties as to be
raised above the temptation to add to
their incomes.
When they discover from a word here
and a hint there that their charges are
still victims of the gambling passion
which they used to indulge when out
side. It is hardly to be wondered that
they consent to make small "books"
or to act on commission for bookmak
ers outside the asylum.
And the thing once begun keeps roll
ing.
We would like to see these partisans who think that
they are disciples of Jefferson give their followers the
benefit of a free quotation of some of his opinions. For
instance, be wrote John Jay, in 1785, this opinion of la
boring mechanic?: "Were we perfectly free to decide this
question I should reason as follows: We have now lands
enough to employ an infinite number of people in their
cultivation. Cultivators of the earth are the most valu
able citizens. They are the most vigorous, the mo^t in
dependent, the most virtuous, and they are tied to their
country and wedded to its liberty and interests by the
most lasting bonds. As long, therefore, as they can find
employment in this line I would not convert them into
mariners, artisans or anything else. But our citizens will
find employment in this line till their numbers become
too great, as will their productions, for the demand both
internal and foreign. This is not yet the case and proba
bly will not be for a considerable time. As soon as it is
the surplus of hands must be turned to something else.
I should then, perhaps, wish to turn them to |hc sea in
preference to manufactures, because, comparing the char
acters of the two classes, I find the former the most
valuable citizens. I consider the class of artificers as the
panders of vice and the instruments by which the liberties
of a country are overturned." /
May we venture to suggest that this^opinioa Jtiferion
held about the artificers, the mechanics and skilled labor
ers would make interesting reading in a Democratic plat
form? He regarded them as "the panders of vice" and the
destroyers of liberty. So we have the two figures in the
Democratic hall of heroes and of statuary, Jefferson and
Hearst, already at war in their diverse and irreconcila
ble opinions about labor. The debate waxes hot and Mr.
Jefferson accuses Mr. Hearst of trying to use the pan
ders of vice to destroy the institutions of liberty.' Call
out the police and perhaps the fire department, for there's
a riot on the Democratic pedestal.
Every record left by Jefferson commits him against
such a policy.' He abhorred classes and class solidarity
in public matters. He opposed much government, in
sisted that government had no business to be in busi
ness and that its functions were confined to its legitimate
police powers, leaving men free . as possible to pursue
happiness and fortune. ' When he heard his fellow statue
advocate the classification of society, appeal to malice
and envy as the sole motives of political action and pro
pose that one class only shall have a voice in government,
the author of the Declaration of Independence would yell
for. the step ladder that he might climb down off a perch
with such an uncongenial companion.
IT is unusual when a campaign is coming on to hear a
great deal of Democratic talk about Mr. Jefferson.
The further away from his ideas a so-called Demo
crat gets the more he invokes the founder of his party
as he claims. In fact there is but little in common be
tween Jefferson and the modern Democratic party. He
founded what he called the Republican party,- laid on
lines that, were rational in his day and from! his point of
view. But he would not now be found in the Democratic
party, for it advocates a style of socialism and commun
ism entirely at variance with his principles.
As the California Democracy have put Hearst and Jef
ferson on the same pedestal, a sort of Castor and Pollux
to lead the hosts in battle, it would be interesting if the
two could discuss public questions in the hearing of
their admirers. Mr. Hearst advocates a political party
made up of a distinct labor class. He wants the ar
tificers to go by themselves and make a party that will
advocate government ownership of all utilities, govern
ment regulation of hours and wages, „. and an extensive
programme of socialism carried out by a self-constituted
class.
now vacant, surrounding the towns in the southern end
of the valley and large -tracts frorth and northeast of
Bishop could be profitably devoted to agriculture. Every
town in the valley would be benefited. In the valley
are improved tracts open to settlement, so that there is
a present demonstration of the possibilities under proper
conditions.
The Inyo Register unquestionably voices the belief of
the people of the county when it says, "If the irrigation
canal enterprise is decided upon and finished Inyo will
have such a. boom as it never has had." ¦/
JEFFERSON AND? HEARST.
A Madrid dispatch to the London Ex
press states that the attempt to raise
the silver-laden Spanish galleons which
in 1702 were scuttled In Vigo Bay to
avoid capture by the British and Dutch
appears likely to succeed'Just as the ef
forts are being most heartily ridiculed.
The machinery which Is being used
by the Italian concessionaire recently
suddenly brought to. light a complete,
well-preserved galleon. Unfortunately
the chains which were being used to
raise the vessel broke, and the galleon
sank again. *- |
An anchor and a number of-guna
were, however, recovered, and £n elec
tric submarine light that is being used
shows the position of the ship quite
clearly.
The concessionaire Is absolutely con
vinced that he will be able to recover
Sunken Treasure.
Donald Davy — what a name!
Still as dear and still as true;
Better than all wealth and fame —
Donald Davy, here's to' you!
—The Reader Magazine.
Told the stories as of old.
Planned the things that were to be,
Listened while you did* unfold
. All your secret thoughts to me.
Felt your fingers close In mine.
And your whisper In my ear.
Lest another should divine
What was but for me to hear.
Back to these I went again.
Lay before the fire and read.
Ate the tarts and apples., then
Laughed with you and sighed for bed.
Blazing hearth and boy-worn rug.
Apples and brown jelly-tarts.
And the books- we oft would hug
Tight against our beating hearts;
Donald Davy, do you know
Where my heart has been to-day?
In the house of long ago
Where we used to read and play.
Donald Davy.
"Talk about fraud In foods," said
a traveling man. "I heard a good
story the other day on a Fresno fig
grower. He wanted to get rid of hla
crop In one sale, so he came to the
city and hunted up a house that ad
vertises a preparation of figs.
Fresno man explained his rr
rand, but strange to* say, his hearer,
the manager of the concern, didn't
become very enthusiastic.
" 'Honestly I'll have to tell you that
I don't believe we can use your flgs/
said the manager. 'To tell you the
truth we haven't any U3e for tigs.'
" 'But,' he added consolingly, '1*
you'll go down to Blank's, the straw
berry Jam manufacturer's, you won't
have any trouble selling your crop,
I'm sure.'"
Pure Food.
and mad, using language not generally
printed in Sabbath-school publica
tions. He eventually found out who
the person was that had perpetrated
the joke, and, strange to say, Insisted
on- his dismissal from the city's ser
vice. No amount of influence could
ever get him to forgive the poor little
hunchback's act.
1*THE ASSESSOR USED LANGUAGE
NOT PRINTED IN SABBATH
SCHOOL PUBLICATIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY- 24, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor , V. .«..>.« Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ¦ HZ .T^TMM and Market Streets, S. F.
TUESDAY ....:. ,..¦•• ..MAY 24, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8San Francisco and San Joaquln Coal Com
pany Tesla .brlquetts; Thomas Morton, coal;
Frank Mordecal, wood; Brown & Power Com
pany, 'January supplies printing and station
ery; Phillips. Smythe & Van Orden, printing;
Hayden Printing Company, printing; L. La
eaze printing; i Commercial Publishing Com
pany printing; Wliitaker-Ray Company,
apparatus, furniture and stationery; C. F.
Weber & Co. furniture and apparatus; H. S.
Crocker Company, stationery and apparatus;
Cunningham, Curtlsa & Welch, stationery and
Janitorial supplies: American Book Company,
books- Tost Writing Machine Company, sta
tioner)'; P*rry Manufacturing Company, sta
tionery; P. A. Buckley, janitorial supplies;
F W Braun A Co.. Janitorial supplies; Jus
tinian Calre Company. Janitorial sup
plies' Simpson Brush and Broom Company,
Janitorial supplies: Holbrook, Merrill & Stet
son Janitorial and plumbing supp!les: Charles
Brown & Sons, hardware. and Janitorial sup
plies; Bennett Brothers, electrical goods, hard
ware and janitorial , supplies; Pacific Coast
Rubber Company, electrical goods, hardware
and Janitorial supplies; C. H. Philpott Com
pany hardware. Janitorial and plumbing sup
plies; Nathan Dohrmann. Janitorial supplies;
Taylor & Fritchard, Janitorial and plumbing
At a meeting of the Board of Edu
cation yesterday afternoon contracts
were awarded for. the furnishing of
necessary supplies to the department
for the coming year. The contracts
were awarded as follows:
Directors Award Contracts for Sup
plies for Coming iFTscal Year to
Local Merchants.
Attacked by Union Men.
Henry Holtz, a brewer, living 1 at 202
Sixth street, was discussing unionism
with two union men In front of his
place of abode early yesterday morn
ing when one of them drew a knife
and slashed him on the neck. The
two men then ran away. Holtz was
sent to the Central Emergency Hos
pital In the patrol wagon, where the
wound was stitched and dressed. He
said he could identify the two men,
but did not know their names. >'.•',
supplies; Brlttaln & Co.. Janitorial supplies;
W. R. Gibbon, furniture; Eckstrom Lumber
and Supply Company, lumber; J. H. Kmse.
lumber; McDonald Lumber Company, lumber;
J. W. Shouten & Co., lumbsr; Blyth ft Trott.
lumber; Dalzlel-Moller Company, c&stlron pipe
and fit tines; W. P. Fuller & Co.. paints and
oils; Whittler-Cobum Company, paints and
oils: Bass-Hueter Paint Company, paints and
oils; Western Paint and Glass Company, paints
and oils; John M. Klein Electrical Works,
electrical roods.'
seph Manne. an able seaman, who was
the worst injured, tells the following
story:
«? I am a Russian by birth and am 20 years
old and reside at 414 Folsom street. This
morning 1 went Into the forecastle to change
my shoes and smelt a peculiar gassy odor. I
think some of the gasoline must have been
leaking out of the barrels.
BURNING LANTERN IX HOLD.
Somebody had left a lantern burning there,
and all of a sudden the lantern flame seemed
to shoot up. I started to go toward it to
put it out. when the explosion took place.
The <Utk lifted under me and I was thrown
down. I Jumped up and rushed to the com
panion way, which I found had been blown
away. In another Instant a second explosion
followed, and I found myself In the bay. I
struck out for the nearest wharf, where I was
pulled out of the water and then taken to the
hospital. I am Buffering terrible agony.
Manne undoubtedly owes his life to
his powerful physique and muscular
frame. He is six feet tall and weighs
about 225 pounds. With his terrible
burns it is a marvel to all who saw
him how he managed to swim so far.
His hair and eyebrows .were complete
ly burned off and his face is a mass
of lacerated flesh, which is now com
pletely encased in a mask. His hands
are terribly burned and there are
more than fifty bad bruises on his
body.
First Mate Knut Knudsen says he
v.'as thrown "with the deck more than
fifty feet Into the air and landed in
the water. When he was Ashed out,
to his amazement he found that he
had only suffered a slight bruise on
the right knee and was able to walk
ta the hospital to have it dressed.
Al Carter, a laboring man, who was
standing on the dock at the time of
th<» explosion, had his face scorched
and had to go to the hospital. Boat
man McOee of Peterson's fleet was
passing at the time on his way to
Hunters Point. He gives the follow
ing description of the explosion:
ROSE OUT OF THE WATER.
I was looking at the schooner, when sud
denly there was a slight report and she seemed
tocome right out of the water. At the name
time hui,-» pieces of her decks and great big
barrels wfcre tosse<l- into the air. The whole
thing was in flame* from stem to stern at the
came time. There was a. terrible roaring and
crashing sound, and cans and barrels were
dropping all around me like so many sticks
from lire rockets. The blaze was tremendous
and the smell of the black smoke mi some
thing sickening. There was such a mass of
stuff thrown into the air that I could not see
what It looked like. Afterward I heard that
the crew was blown up with the rest of the
stuff, and if any of them live to tell the tale
it Is a wonder.
The little vessel was 21 years old
and of 222 tons burden. She has
been plying in the coast trade until
recently, when her owners, Sudden »t
Chrlstensen, leased her to the Seattle
Shipping Company to take this cargo
of oil to Nome. She was valued nl
about $8000, partly insured. Her car
go was valued at about $30,000, the
principal portion of which was the
property of the Standard Oil Com
pany, with full Insurance placed in
the East. The other shippers were
Charles Kunze and the Seattle Ship
ping Company. Whether their inter
ests were protected by • insurance
could not be learned.
It was reported on the street that
M. C. Harrison & Co., managers of the
St. Paul Insurance Company, were
carrying a line of $16,000 on the car
go. This they deny, but state that
they had expected to write a line for
aome of the shippers and that the
pending negotiations would probably
have been consummated to-day. The
shippers, however, had not given
them the order and so they have no
responsibility to assume.
Charles Rickman is dead and burled.
The mere fact that the deceased ha«
passed to the great beyond would only
Interest hla immediate relatives and
friends were it not for the fact that ho
came to the notice^of the public when
he applied for and was granted letters
of administration upon the estate of
the late Palagla Maria Kryzyanowski,
widow of General Kryzyanawski
As quickly as the fact could be. trans
mitted over the , telephone that Rick
man was dead. Public Administrator
Hynes got busy and the result was an
application for letters of administra
tion.
The application sets forth that Rlck
>man has been recognized by. the court
as the executor of the will of Palagia
Maria Kryzyanowski, but that a final
settlement of the estate has never been
made, consequently the. Public Admin
istrator is the proper person to have
charge of the property of the deceased
testatrix.
At the time the will was probated
a contest was entered by Maria Night
engale, who claimed she was the
daughter of Palagia Maria Kryzyan
ouskl. Before the matter could be
brought to an issue to .determine the
right of Maria Nightengale to the es
tate, a compromise was reached where
by she secured $10,000 and surrendered
her rights to any further share in the
estate. Rickman was granted the let
ters as executor and is said to have
paid over the money In the matter of
compromise. Now that Rickman is
dead, the Public Administrator pro
poses to take charge of his estate and
inquire what has become of the origin
al amount of $30,000.
Nagle & Nagle have represented the
daughter of Mrs. Kryzyanowski. It is
claimed that In their official positions
as representatives of the, contestant
that they secured a compromise of the
contest on the basis of $5000 for their
services when the total amount to be
granted the daughter was but $10,000.
That action led to the removal of Rick
man as executor and the subsequent
appointment of the Public Adminis
trator. Now the main proposition Is
to discover how an estate estimated at
$30,000 a few months ago could dwindle
to about $13,000.
It is claimed by the Public Admin
istrator that the case is one worthy of
investigation and further contended
that thorough sifting of all the acts
will show what was qriginally claimed
— fraud.
Under the will Rickman was the sole
legatee. The compromise effected on
behalf of Maria Nightengale precludes
any possibility of her securing any
further share in the estate, but in or
der to stop the probing of prior events
and the exposure of facts relative to
the shrinkage of the estate, her name
may be used In an application for let
ters of administration, as she contends
blood kin. Under the law the Public
Administrator would be eighth on the
list of those the court could re
cognize in acts of administration. On
the other hand, Rickman was willed
the bulk and, in fact, all of the prop
erty, hence his h^rs can claim his In
terest although he never completed his
report as executor
No time has been set for hearing.
Death of Executor Brings
Case to Question of What
Became of Original Money
PUBLIC OFFICER ACTS
Inquiry Will Be Made as
to Disposition of Prop
erty of Mrs. Kryzyanowski
TO INVESTIGATE
WIDOW'S ESTATE
Mayor SchmlU Definitely Announces
That He Has Selected Flre Com
missioner for Position. *
Mayor Schmitz announced yester
day that he had decided upon the ap
pointment of Frank Maestretti- as
Commissioner of Public Works to suc
ceed T. P. Woodward, who was pro
moted to be City Engineer. Publicity
has already been given In these col
umns that Maestretti .- would secure
the plum, and the Mayor's action sim
ply confirms the previous announce
ment.
Mayor Schmitz stated that he had
not as yet made up his mind as to the
successor of Maestretti, who will,re
sign from the Fire Commission to ac
cept . his new appointment. John
Daughney is a strong candidate for
the place, but may have to give way
to one of several others who are also
aspirants. The Mayor was reticent
regarding the names of the candidates
and says he will not make them
known until he has made his final se
lection for the Flre Commissloner
shlD.
Percy V. Lone Defines How Rel
atives of Deceased Firemen May
Obtain Relief.
. An opinion of considerable interest
to the members of the Flre Depart
ment waa rendered yesterday by City
Attorney Long In response ~ to 'the re
quest of the Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners' as to the. right
of Mrs. Phoebe F. Hogan, widow of
Joseph Hogan, to a pension under the
provisions of the charter. Hogan died
of pulmonary tuberculosis on March
14, 1904. -
In his opinion Long holds that in
order that the relatives of a deceased
member of the Fire Department may
obtain a pension it would be necessary
that the deceased member meet with
a violent death, either while in the
immediate performance of his duty
or from an injury received while in
the performance of his duty.
Long advises that the claim of Mrs.
Hogan be denied, because Hogan was
not killed w.hlle performing his duty,
nor was. his death the result of In
juries received.
CITY ATTORXEY TELLS
STATUS OF A PEXSION
XAMES MAESTRETTI AS
MEMBER OP WORKS BOARD
Font LAns Surrendered.
Fong Ling, president of a Chinese
long, who turned State's evidence at
the trial of Nguen Lun. charged with
the murder of Tom Yick of the Chi
nese Educational Society in Ross alley
on May 8, 1903, was surrendered by
his bondsmen yesterday, as it was said
that his life was in danger. Besides
.Nguen Lun, eight other presidents of
tongs were indicted for the murder
and all are out on bonds except Quon
Quock Wah, who has been tried and
convicted. Several witnesses testified
for the defense at Nguen Lun's trial
before a Jury in Judge Lawlor's court
yesterday.
The cause of Fong Ling's surrender
" was claimed to be on account of a re
vard of $3000 having been offered for
his life and ?600 for the silence of
Tom TIa Fong, who was also a wit
ness in the case. Officers of the See
Yup Company claim that such stories
are being circulated in Chinatown in
?order to injure the company and that
j.here is not one word of truth In the
statements. They further state that
if any reward has been offered for the
death of either- man the company will
repudiate it and would like to know
who has circulated such a report.
These immediately took flre, and be
tween the. two a mighty blaze went
up, reaching fully 100 feet into the air.
In the midst of all this the cans and
drums that had been hurled up by the
explosion, burst while they were in the
air and then took flre, giving the ap
pearance of a lot of enormous sky
rockets.
The flames burnt the hawsers and
the little schooner slowly drifted away
from her dock, a seething mass of
flames and emitting enormous volumes
of black smoke. In the meantime the
fire engines arrived upon the dock and,
with the assistance of the flre boat
Governor Markham. after a fierce
fight, succeeded in conquering the
flames. The dock was badly damaged.
The five men that were blown into the
water -struck out in all directions and
were rescued by parties in the vicin
ity. - .
WAS SEVERELY IXJURED.
Joseph Manne. who was in the hold
at the time of the explosion, -was the
most seriously injured. He was able
to swim a distance of 400 feet, how
ever, and was then dragged out of the
water and taken to the Potrero Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. W. E. Buell
dressed his wounds and from there he
was sent out to the Marine Hospital
The -„ blazing schooner was now
drifting with the ebb tide toward
Goat Island. Directly in her path lay
the American bark Carrolton. From
every appearance this mass of blaz
ing flames was about to sweep down
on the bark, but by a most fortunate
occurrence of ebbing tide combined
with a light breeze she drifted past
the anchored bark. The flames -at this
time were fully 100 feet high^ She
kept on drifting until she landed di
rectly in the pathway of the Oakland
steamers and here for a time she
practically came to an anchorage
within about a quarter of a mile of
Goat Island. The tug Governor Mark
ham came alongside and commenced
pouring volumes of water into her.
The deluge kept up for two hours,
but made no appreciable effect. About
11 o'clock, however, the flames com
menced to be subdued, and the masts
fell overboard with a terrible crash.
The Markham then made fast to the
burning hulk and towed her out of
the path of the steamers. Together
they drifted down nearly to Angel
Island, the Markham still pouring tons
of water over her.
Captain Felsher could give no ac
count of how the flre took place. Jo-
BURNING SCHOONER FANNIE
ADEL.K SHORTLY AFTER THE
EXPLOSION. AND HER MASTER.
An explosion of the gases of an In
flammable cargo yesterday morning
rent asunder the docks of the three
masted schooner Fannie Adele, blew
five sailor men into the air and start
ed a blaze ashore which" for awhile
threatened to wiDe out the wharf ana
storehouse of the Arctic Oil Works.
The flames freed the blazing schooner
from the whaVf and the tide carried
her, a veritable fire ship floating in a
sea of seething' flame, from far «p
Mission Bay, where the explosion oc
curred, almost to Sausalito. Before
reaching the crowded yacht anchorage
of the seaside village the turning tide
checked the progress of the blazing
Fannie and the incoming current car
ried her, still burning fiercely and sur
rounded as at first by a lake of flam
ing oil. back to the starting place and
beyond for several miles.
That nobody was killed in the explo
sion is hard to understand, but even
more wonderful was the weird cruise
that followed. Propelled by the tide
and steered by her own sweet will,
the Fannie careened out into the har
bor, a menace to whatever she might
touch. By some strange freak of
chance, this floating, fire boit thread
ed its way through a maze of vessels,
threatening all but harming none. In
the schooner's hold the supply of food
for the flames seemed Inexhaustible,
for at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon
she was burning as fiercely as at 3
o'clock in the morning, half an hour
after the fire took hold.
"She's sinking," said a watcher,
shortly after noon.
She was only fooling the spectators,
however, and had she trailed an as
bestos log line to a flre-proof indi
cator, the dial some hours later would
have shown several knots to the Fan
nle's credit.
AT SLERCY OF THE WAVES.
There was nothing stately about the
; derelict's progress. » Now down by the
head, as if ready for a dive to the
cool depths, she would hesitate, shud
der, brace herself and return to an
even keel. Her bow would raise oc
casionally, but only for a minute, and
as long as there was anything to burn
the Fannie Adele blazed.
When the explosion occurred th«
little schooner was lying at the end of
the wharf of the Arctic Oil Company
and her cargo consisted of Illuminat
ing and lubricating oils, a large por
tion of which was gasoline. It was
contained in enormous iron tanks,
huge iron barrels and tin cases. The
vessel was almost ready for sea and
waB to have sailed to-day for Nome.
Captain John Felsher left his ship yes
terday morning a little after 7. o'clock
and about 7:30 she blew up and im
mediately took fire. The explosion tore
the deck from its fastenings, and deck,
men and barrels were hurled In every
direction. Some of the barrels were
thrown as far as 400 feet. At the same
instant she took fire and was ablaze
from stem- to stern.
On the dock alongside of which she
was moored were 200 cases of kerosener.
Plans are being perfected !n this
t'ity for the consolidation of the Inter
ests of the Western Pacific Railway, of
vv'nich W. J. Bartnett is the prominent
factor, and the Butte and Plumas
Railroad and the Indian Valley road,
represented by H. H. Yard. From a
reliable source it has been learned
that Bartnett Is to be superseded by
Yard Jn the direct management of the
three enterprises. Several months ago
the announcement was made In The
Call that Yard and Bartnett had
abandoned all rivalry In their at
tempts to survey a road along the
Feather River and that the Western
Pacific Company would eventually
take' over the route surveyed by the
Yard crews. A few days ago Attor
rey Bartnett admitted in Xew York
that the two roads now hold a com
mon interest in the Sacramento Val
ley. It has since been developed that
Yard and Bartnett, who for a num
ber of months apparently were fight
ing each other, were in reality work
ing for the Gould interests.
FKEDOXIA PASS CIIOSEX.
Yard began operation in the Sac
ramento Valley seven months in ad
vance of the Bartneit forces and per
fected his survey up the Feather Riv
er and out on to the P.iff Meadows be
fore Bartnett had got fairly under
way with his work in this State.
About 120 miles of route surveyed by
Yard from Oroville north to the
Meadows have since been made part
of the general route of the Western
Pacific. Meanwhile the work of the
separate enterprises was being di
rected quietly by E. J. Yard, chief en
gineer of the Denver and Rio Grande
Railroad, who is a cousin of H. H.
Yard, and the first work approved
was that perfected for the Butte and
Plumas and the Indian Valley roads.
Fince then the engineering chiefs of
the transcontinental project have de
cided to abandon the idea of securing
an exit from California by way of
Beckwith Pass, but will take a route
through the Sierra by way of Fre
donia Pass in Lassen County. This de
cision was arrived at only a few days
ago.
PLAN* BIG TCXXEL.
It is the plan of the promoters of
the new road to tunnel under the pass
to a distance of about 2000 feet, by
which means they will effect a gTeat
saving: in grade and distance. It was
also learned yesterday that construc
tion operations along the route will
begin inside of three months. Im
portant changes have yet to be made
in the survey of the route through
Nevada, but in the meantime it is the
intention to start grading crews at
work on this end of the line and to
undertake some of the tunneling. E.
J. Yard is working directly for the
GouldB. a fact which the engineers of
both the Western Pacific and the
Butte and Plumas roads, who were
long kept in ignorance as to who was
really behind the undertakings, Jiave
lately learned. Chief Engineer Yard
will continue to give general direc
tion, while H. H. Yard, at this end.
will proceed to direct the construction
operations. Bartnett's future respon
sibilities will be mainly in connection
with the legal and financial ends of
the transcontinental project.
Tunnel Through Fredonia
,Pass Will Be Company's
3Ieans of Exit From State
GOULD BEADY TO GRADE
I>u tte and Plumas Road Pro
moter to Have Charge of
Work on Western Pacific
BARTNETT WILL
YIELD TO YARD
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALU, TUESDAY,;; MAY 24, 1904.
Fannie Adele, Laden With Inflammable Oils, .Takes Fire at. Her
Dock, Breaks From Her Moorings and Is Blown About at
Mercy of the Waves, a Menace to Shipping in the Harbor
BLAZING SCHOONER CAREERS
ABOUT BAY IN SEA OF FLAME
BOARD OF EDUCATIOX
ADOPTS RESOIiimONS
9
AMtSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA STS
LAST 5 NIGHTS— MATTNEB BAT.
Hint EICHABD
MANSFIELD
To-night and Sat.— IVAN THE TERRIBLE
, Wednesday— BEAU BRTTMMEL.
Thjarsday — OLD HEIDELBERO.
Friday — DR. JEKTLt. and MR. HTDB.
Matinee Saturday — OLD HEIDELBERO.
BSOX2TKTHQ TTEXT MONDAY,
Charles Frohman will present
Maude Adams
(Her first stellar appearance here.)
In "THE LITTLE MINISTER."
SEAT SALE THURSDAY.
CALIFORNIA
I GLORIOUS WELCOME! |
f 1 Return of the JTavori tts, j \
I The Oliver Morosca Company |i
|i (Formerly the Nelll-Morcsco Company) 0
ft Presenting tha Delightful Comedy. A
I WHEN WE WERE TWEHTY-ONE 1
l| Special Summer Prices — Orchestra f
H Seats. 73c: a few front rows. $1; choice II
*~ Baicony Seats. 80c; Bargain Matinees ,3*
¦ Thursdays. 25c and 50c. H
SEWSATIO3T3!
Bnrke, I*a Sna and th» laky Boys; Colby
Family; AI Lawrence; Bella Gordon;
Alfona;
Marcel's Living Art Studies;
Charles S eland and Company and
Home. Boss and lewli.
Regnlar Matinee Ev«ry Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 1C:. 2.*o
and 50c.
WILL. I VOU
I REmB/VlBGR
That on Next Sunday occurs the REOPENING
of this theater. A
Enlarged and B*aut:Oi
| TJ. S ~
A rlp-roarlng burlesque, absolutely new.
An entire new burlesque company. In-
cluding: Yorke and Adams, AI Fields. Edwin
Clark. Caroline Hull. Edna Aug. Garrlty Sis-
ter*. Ben Dillon, Roy Alton, "Star" Chorus «{
forty voices, the "Radium Girls" — 20tb century
sensation, a world of new songs, dances, spe-
cialties.
Seats on Sale ' Wednesday Morning at tij»
theater. No advance In the prices. , •
MOMS PICTURES, iinla; lha
GREATTRAIN ROBBERY
And a Splendid Snow Every Afternoon
and Eventag- In tna Theater. T **
¦
/ TAKE A RIDE ON THE
HXHXATUXX: EUSCTBTC \bAXXBOAJ>
Esmeralda and Her BABT MONKEY In the
Zoo. . |Kgl
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
AKATXTUS ZTXGHT THTTXSDAT.
Admission. 10c: Children. So.
MISCEIXANEOTJS AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND CONCERT AND BALL
— GIVEN BT—
Austrian Carniolan Benevolent
Society o! SI Joseph,
STTNDAT, MAT 29. AT a F. TURN VEREd
HALL. 853 TURK ST.. *
COMMENCING AT 4 P. If.
Concert at 7 O'clock In honor of Xh» dedleaw
tico ot Om) society' e n«w national flag. t_
WZBZLY CALL, 91.00 PEB YZAS,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMEXTS.
MATINEE SATURDAT
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY
MELBOURNE
MJacDOWELL
In garden's Intense Drama
FEDORA~|
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEB— G1SMONDA.
SPECIAL. MATINEE DECORATION DAY.
POPULAR PRICES— 15« 25c. 50c. 75c.
TIVOUSo^
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THIRD AND LAST WEEK
Of the Delightful Musical Comedy
4 RUNAWAY p I OB
RUNAWAY %J I KL
DECORATION DAT Hcrf MODdaJ MaiillSA
Revival One We«k Only the Musical Com-
edy Hit.
| THE TOYMAKER |
TOY MATINEES MONDAY A SATURDAT
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 25c. 60c. 75c.
A T f A 7 A D B«Iaaco A May«r.
IS IT FUNNY? ASK ANYBODY !
TO-NIGHT-iMATB. THURS. AND SAT.
Sydney Ronenffld'i Laughing play.
I A POSSIBLE CAST|
Evga., 25c to 75c; Mats.Thun. & Sat.. 25c to 50o
NEXT MON. — Commencing with Extra HOLI-
DAY MAT.. MEMORIAL DAT.
The Picturesque. Romantic Play.
TOLLGATE INN.
In Preparation — LOVERS* LANE.
CENTRAL''!?
Market at., near Eighth. , Phona South 68S.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. ' .
Owen Davla* , Magnificent Comedy Drama.
A 'GREAT TEMPTATION
A Gorgeous and Costly Production.
First Appearance at This Theater. of the-
San Francisco Favorite.
JULIA BLANC
nTITl "Down the ' MlaeUatppl." Sunrise on
V U U the Old » Plantation. Ruined Mill by
II P. P. Moonlight. Spectacle ot the Charcoal
UUU Kline.
pmrcc Evenings J ..10o t» BOo
riiltCJ Matinees 10c Ue. 23c
Starting May 80 (Matinee)—
. "A CELEBRATED CASB."
V*Ur* DON* 1 FAH.TO
rdiaUJ ,« «be beautiful
j COURT Ixrongine
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
UUU parlor, the
¦ ; Hiii-i PALM ROOM, the
lirnnfl loots xv par.
U1Ulli * LOR, and the LA-
fJ^X-l- BIBS' WRITING
Hotels ooil
You Don't
Think
The Cause
But to prove what keeps stomach
and heart weak and nervous pros-
tration coming, suppose you try
leaving off Coffee io days and use
POSTUM FOOD
-'• coFFjyyyg
If you find peaceful sleep, good
digestion, heart and nerves getting
stronger you have the cue.
"THERE'S A REASON."
Get the miniature book, "The
Road to Wellville," in each'pkfc.
POSTUM CEREAL.
AD VEBTTS h M E rTTflL
B&f jtfmSJm^ «HB^l9^r^E3ii^^EsB»Vai>r^^rs. lyJyW B
\ 1 Q jff / \ I **^ MI fS&m f Mm 9 8
JU<dge Beer °aUhe Inwar^
1 Parity, Flavor, Solid, Creamy Foam, Clean Taste and
Brilliancy,, the points of excellence contained in A. B. C BEER,
mark it as the one perfect beer brewed. 'A
The American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A.
HILBERT MERCANTILE* CO., Wholesale Dealers. > ' '
818-820 Market St. San Francisco
FREE! FREE! "• s - postage stamps F REE! FREE!
On Every Purchase Made .In Our Stationery |
Department to the Amount of 20c or More i j
FREE! FREE! u - s - P0STACE STAMPS FREE! FREE! I
veilings, 12&C a Yard Ladles' Neckwear
1 b Ut£ns bl *or k b 8 S? 1 c W^ KOTIC^-To intr^uc. our I^ieV |
white, tuxedo, briar and cross- Department we will present to ft}
bar eftectsrworth 26c to 50c per •"<* lady purchasing $1.00 or
yard ; special 12Hc more on « ot our beautiful 51
Maline or Illusion. In all shades; 25c STOCK TIES. W
regular 15o qualltyT speclaj Tues- V f : XsT - - tl
day and Wednesday Oc ( CllOVCS M
Another Snap for Book Loyers g^- ES^oSRSTiSS^iS'l
$1.60 Brig-nt Saw Copyrlfflit Fiction. Ladles' White Embroidered Collars. J
5Oc- just arrived by express. 600 gj
A rare opportunity . to get the fol- ladles' pretty white Collars; reg- H
lowing elegant cloth bound choice ular 12%c; special 5c fj
copyright fiction, published at t"!
11.50: special 50c SffitlOnPrV f i
The Right of Way. by Gilbert Parker. OIUUUIIVI Jf H
*n-i C pift e i^» t i lt *J £%£. Something very new In Box Paper l\
Pidgin. «Jjd Envelopes. Colors whft-. I
Blennerhassett by Pidgin. shell blue, grull jrray. nebulas blue, H
The Climax, by Pidgin. Oxford gray and pastel blue; linen u
Wolfville Nights, by Lewla. or wove finish; special prlce..il3c H
Th« Boal ot Litlth. by Corelll. Boxes of 24 sheets and 24 envelopes. 'A
R?n^*vnwh y >S ra rt^ n « commercial or octavo size; regular a
Senator North, by Atiierton. 9nn _ _ v^-. - T , Ar .i n i -i*i« ra
The Little Minister (1U.>. by Baxrlt. 2Oc J> cr DOX « special 1<1C A
Sentimental Tummy, by Barrie. M CHXrJDJStJIJ!!*S PAPETEBIE." A
TaK a th d . SSrknS. Hiawatha box. four designs In each 1
In the Fog. by Davis. • . box —.»e SI
The Hound of the Baskervilles. by Doyle. Little Stilts, four designs, very lat- fj
The Jessamy Bride, by Moor*. est envelopes 2.'c la
Francezka. by 8eawell. <rh e -Rhythmic and Pictorial" box f\
Ralph Marlowe, by Nay lor. o*., H
Dracula. by Stoker. .' '*'' c H
Pavld Harum, by Westeott. -~- — — — — — — — — — — — y
The Mississippi Bubble, by Hough. ¦_¦ n m rr*. tr*. n m i H
In the Palace of the King, by Crawford. j j| r\Al fl R H-» B-J' lalfif H
Via Cnicls. by Crawford. 0 § fl- JVfl I 0 siT SC M f s/W SI
Oraustark. by McCutcheon. ¦ Vr I ? ¦ \J' B U. ¦ » V W V M
Castle Cr&neycrow, by McCutcheon. . f
Like Another Helen, by Horton. __ « _.»._ ...... ' ~ "J
Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, by Doyl» "WFDNFSDAY A
Tristram of Blent, by How. IVLU.^OI/HI «J
Becond Thoughts of an Idle Fellow. H
Checkers, by Blossom. |C HI IP — — Rj
WillouBhby aalm. by Burnett. IO UWI\ ||
Methods of Lady Walderhurst, by Burnett JJ
Terence (Olcott Ed.), by Croker. |f^ *\ n I b^k B nr- h-k JR %/ {9
Quisantev by Hoi*. | B f fi B I ¥K? *i U~ aBllY £1
By RlKM of Sword, by Marchmont. ¦¦ B I SJ {T» 3 U BJ7 >-* B fl
The Gadfly, by Voynich. °^ *-^ ¦— ft- m* r~m U f «
Resurrection, by Tolstoy. r==r=^=^^==^=^===^^ f]
The Great Stone of Sardli. by Stockton. \ r(
AND 100 OTHERS — See Thursday's Chronicle for Other List of Books. M
The Celebrated Novel, 'THE VIROINIAN," by Owen Wister. 18c U
XBTTVES, EAZOE3 A2TD 8SEAB3 OKOT73TQ ASO BEPATRSP. 4m
ft^ PICTUB0O FBAMES OP AU, PESCXTPTIONS BCAPB TO OHDIl. §NEW YORK, May 23. — Articles
were signed to-day In this city by
Eddie Hanlon of San Francisco ; and
Terry McGovern to fight twenty
rounds July 16 before the club,offer
ing the best inducements. The men
are to weigh 129 pounds at 5 o'clock
on the day of the match. Sixty-five
per cent of the purse is to go to the
winner and 36 per cent to the loser.
Queensberry rules, five-ounce gloves,
choice of referee one week, before the
match and an agreement that neither
Fha 11 engage in any other contest be
uvi'pn now and July 15 are provided
for in the articles signed.
little Fellows Will Meet Next Month
• at, 129 Pounds, According to
Articles Signed.
EDDIE HAXLOX AND TERRY
McGOVERN AGREE' TO FIGHT
By th» Mornlny Telegraph.
First race — Lady Prudence. Miss
Eugenic, Stcpaway.
Second race — Esterrc, Sufferance,
Fluer de Marie. ; ; ,:
Third race — Girdle. Meistcrsinger,
Dapple Gold.
Fourth race — Dolly Spanker, Major
Daingerflcld, Robin Hood.
Fifth race — Coligny, Tom Cogan,
Wliite Crest. ,
Sixth race— Hurstbourne, Trepan,
Toboggan. ,
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
Fourth race, steeplechase, short course — Sea
Pirate won. Balzac second, Isllp third. Time,
3:01. f
Third race, six furlongs — Lou Dorsey won.
Silk Maid second. Coruscate third. Time, 1:13.
Sixth race, four a,nd a half furlongs — Hand
zara won. Belle of Ashland second, Louise
MrFarland third. Time. :51li.
CINCINNATI. May 23.— Latonla results:
First race, six anil a half furlongs — Mary
Coirbes won, Montpeller second. Micelle third.
Time. 1:21 *i.
Second race, five furlonirs— Pendragon won,
Judsc Traynor second. Whlppoorwlll third.
Time. 1:0214.
Third race, one mile — Marshall Ney won,
Glrnwood second. Briers third. Time. 1:41»4.
Son Pirate Takes a Steeplechase.
Third race, live furlongs, mares, four-year
olds and up, selling — Katanga 97. Alice Carey
107, Mestza 102. Amoruna 97, Priestllke 97,
Nonle 100. Nanon 105. Wilna 97. St. Phil
llpii:a 105.
Fourth race, six furlongs, thre»-year-oMs
»nd up. selfinir— Dandle Belle 129. Homage 129.
The Lieutenant 117. Dr. Sherman 120. Gib
raltar 134. Scherzo 120, Arthur Itay 134. Mllas
134. Brennus 124.
Fifth race. Fix furlongs, four-year-olds and
up, selling — My Surprise 09, Hindoo Princess
90. Montana Peerefg 99, Cheerden 104. Minio
102, Duke of Richelieu 100. Cracko 90, Pat
Morrlssey 100. The Pride 103. Nullah 9«.
' Sixth race, one mile, three-year-olds and up,
purne — Mlbs May BowdtFh 105. VaiiKhn 107.
Bro»n Patsy 110. Al Waddle 110, Lady AthM-
Inp 105. Dusty Miller 110, Laocoon 110, War
Times 105.
First race, five furlongs, mares, four year-olds
and up. t-»llinc — Cathello 105. Victoria S 100.
Little Secret 105. Lady Kent HO.Mairnelone 100,
Bee Ronetvatpr 102. Step Around 107, Suburban
Queen 302. Enjoyment 100. Myrtle H 105.
Second rare, four furlongs, two-year-olds,
selling— Heredia 107. Leah 102. Lady Mlnora
107. EdKeeUfT 102. Steel Wire 107. Anita
Knlfrht 102. Only Jimmle 110. Ethel Vice 102.
Abba A 102, Uxht-of Day 102, Lady Blanton
102.
NEW YORK, May 23. — The following are
the' entries for to-morrow's races at Morris
Park: •
Firet race, six and a half furlongs, "Wither*
mile, maidens — Silverfoot 110, Osrontz 110, Lady
Prudence 105. Phaser 110. Grantsdale 107,
Stalker 107 Tom Lawson 107. Niskayuna 10S,
Detention 100, Miss Eugenic 105, Stepaway 105,
Hllma 105. (Lady Prudence and Phaser,
V. r atts entry.)
Second race — Five furlongs, eclipse course,
two-year-olds, eel! ing— Harpoon 103. Antimony
10!>, Flavor 96. Vassar Girl 08, Consuelo II
90 Raiment !>O, Belle or Setaukft 06. EBterre
»C* Blue Print 0(5. Nevada 91, Sufferance 91,
Fl'eur de Marie 99.
Third race. Withers mile, amateur cvp —
Satire 140 Meistersinger 149, McWUHams 146.
Coley 146 Arrah Gowan 146, Earl of Warwick
14fi Maie Hanlon 144. Girdle 141. Dapple Gold
127 Kilogram 151. W. B. Fasig 120. '
Fourth race one and an eighth miles, weight
for age. Jockey Club handicap — Major Dain^er
fleld 129 Andy Williams 129. Robin Hood 109,
Eugenia' Burch 121, Dolly Spanker 100.
Fifth race, about two and a half miles, the
Meadowbrook Hunters' steeplechase — White
Cr»st 163 Dorset 163, Almanzor 170. Upton
149. Bonfire 14». Agio 142, Coligney 145, Oak
crest 14?. (White Crest and Dorset. Story
entry. Llpton and Bonfire. Johnson entry.
Cel'.gney and Oakcrest, Widener entry.)
Sixth race six and a half furlongs of tn«
Withers mil*. handicap— Hurstbourne 126.
Toboggan 11«. Shorthose 115. Andy Williams
105 Trepan 90. ColoDsay D 3, Brigand 5)0. Pom
pan'o R7. /Andy Williams and Trepan, Thomas
entry.)
Weather clear: track fast.
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call. •
CHICAGO, May 21— An ordinary,
card and fear of arrest by the police
of the town of Cicero kept the attend
ance at Hawthorne down to small pro
portions to-day. Nothinsr came of the
threatened raid, however, except the
¦erving of warrants on two or three
bookmakers.
The feature event of the programme,
a purse affair at oneandan eighth miles,
went to Bad News, the favorite .at
odds of 9 to 20. He made^t show of his
field. When the barrier was sprung
Bad News Jumped into the lead and
was never headed, winning as his rider
pleased, by a length and a half. Four
favorites won. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two
year-olde; purse
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to I—Monogram,1 — Monogram, 107 (Lanen) 0 1 1%1 1
12 to I— PedeaU. 107 (J. Booker) a 4 2V42 h
12 to I— Cernovla. 107 (Lwrence) 4 2 h 8 %
Time., :50. Btart good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. W. Harper's br. t. by Lamplighter-
Mariet. Isabella D 107, Kavlana 107. Dixie
Andrew. 107. Racenla May 107. Mrs. Bob 107,
Fallona 108. St. Bonnie 107. Cherry Bird 109,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— One mile; three-year-olds;
selling
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
IB to I— Schoolmate, Kra (Cnwoy) c 0 »i 1 nk
7 to 2 — SweetVTone 101 (Aubch) 1 1 2^42 2V>
•2 to I— Falkland 101 (Harris). 3 4 2 3 b
Time, 1;42 3>fi. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. 3. Price's bt.br Wadsworth-
Margaret Jane. trlckman 08, Creole Jim
106, Ben Heywood 101, Watermelon 10». fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACE: — One and an eighth miles;
purse
Betting. Horse Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to L'O— Had News. 106 (Kelly) 4 13 lift
6 to I— Huzzah, IDS (Mclntyre) 14 0 2 4
12 to I— J Lynch 92 (Nlcol). 3 2 2 3nk
Time. 1:63 3-6. Start good. Won In a gal
lop. Winner, E. R. Bradley's br. g. (4) by
Flying Dutchman- Black Sleeves. Banter IW,
Rough and Tumble 92, finished a> named.
FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
puree:
Betting:. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
3to 6— Burleigh, 100 (Henry) 4 12 12%
6to I— Pre. Stone. 10U (Lawrnce) 5 4 2 2nk
7to I— New M. Hay, 115 (Prior). 3 63-3
Time, 1:07 4-5. Start good. Won In a canter.
Winner, S. C. Hlldretb's eh. g.. 3, by Ben
Strotne-B«rcaro!a. Mlndora 124, My Alice 108,
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
four-year-olds and ud; selling:
Betting. Horte, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
Bto 6— Haviiand, 108 (Lawrence) 7 1111
12 to I— Gloriosa. 109 (Larsen) I 7 I#2h
7to I— Xlaxu*. 100 (Henry) 8 8 3 3^4
Time. 1 :46 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, K. Corrigan's br. g., 7, by Lettson-
Anvolee. Federal 108. Peeper OS. Cornwall
114. Louisville 102, Maud Muller OS, finished
aa named.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
1 to- 2— Luzarlon. 113 (NTcol) 5 25 14
20 to 1— Vldalia. 113 fA.Booker). 6 12 24
15tol— R. L. Johnston.llo (Ld-sn) 2 3 3 3 V 4
Time. 1:01 1-5. Start food. Won easily.
Winner. Fred Cook's br. c. by Cesarlon-Lura
F. Dixie Lad 108, King's Trophy 113, Allen
Avon 107. finished aa named.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, May 23.— The following are tht
entries for to-morrow's races at Hawthorne:
First race, four and a half furlongs — Al
Casey 107. Arthur Stilwell 107. T. L. Iloss
107, Codlna 110, Lord Dlxon IJO, Rathskeller
110, Scotch Irish 110, Squire Johnson 110.
Charley Dlckson 110, Garvlce 110, Woodlands
110. Drexel 110, Palmdale 110. Sllverskln 110,
Mellwood 110. Bonnie Prince Charley 110.
Second race, six furlongs — Silent Water 85,
Routh and Tumble 90, The Hebrew 02. "J. P.
Mayberry 97, Banquero 97, Edward Hale 100,
Nervator 102, Action 107. Typhonlc 105.
Third race, steeplechase, short course —
Snowdrift 126. Donatnl 134, Alma Girl 143.
Ceylon 140, Poorlands 155, John E. Owen 155.
Fourth race, one mile, handicap— "-Rankln
93. Schwalbe 100, Action 106, Talpa 106,
Sambo 108, Frontenac 108, Horatius 110, Judge
Hlmes 115, McGee 120.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs— Albany
Girl 96. Lacy Crawford 100, Compass 100,
Hermencia 102, Little Elkln 102, Early Eve
104. Rebecca 107. Major Manslr 107, Marcos
110.
Sixth race, five furlong* — Burleigh 102,
Frances Yowell 106, Bernard 108, Emperor of
India 108. Blumenthal 111. Sclpio 112. Cap
tain Brown 112. Fred Leppert 112. Atlantico
115, Maywood 115, St. Georße Jr. 115.
Weather clear; track fast.
HAWTHORNE SELECTION'S.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Silverskln, Scotch Irish,
Al Casey.
Second race— Typhonic, Xervator,
Action. :*'
Third race — Ceylon, Poorlands.
Alnia Girl.
Fourth race — Talpa, Sambo, McGee.
Fifth rqee — Early Eve, Lacy Craw
ford, Little Elkln.
Sixth race — - Bnrleijrh, May wood.
Patsy Brown.
Want Auto Laws Repealed.
SAN JOSE. May 23.— The automobil
ists of this city want the county ordi
nance prohibiting the running of au
tomobiles on the Mount Hamilton and
the Santa Cruz Mountains roads re
pealed. To-day a petition requesting
the Board of Supervisors to take such
action was presented at the meeting
of the board. It Is signed by J. D.
Radford and about a dozen other auto
enthusiasts. A hearing of the matter
was set for June 7.
FLORISTS TO CLOSE SUNDAYS.— At a
meeting of the Florists' Association last night
the members, with two exceptions, decided to
close their stores on Sundays at 1 p. m. during
the summer months.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, May 23.— Elastic. Lemp
& Co.'s big gelding, which has been
winning here in all sorts of going,
broke his run of victories this after
noon, when Dolly Gray took his meas
ure handily in the feature event. Elas
tic was 1 to 2 in the ring.
Another 1 to 2 shot narrowly escaped
defeat when Cocolo rode Neversuch all
over the track in the fifth. The
Hughes horse was so much the best
that he won in spite of his rider. The
track was heavy from recent rains,
but the weather was clear. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE — Four furlongi; purse; two
year-olds:
Betting. Hone, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6to I—Franco.1 — Franco. OS (H.Anderaon). 4 2 3 12
Bto I— Sylvan Belle, 103 (D.G11.) 5 18 2 3
6to 2— Wakeful. 106 (W.Watson) 2 3 3 3 n
Time. :55%£. Start rood. Won easily. Win
ner, a. C. Bennett & Co.'v eh. g.. 2, by King
Counsel-Miss Francis. A ' Lady Pair 101.
Algctha 101. Dr. Ottis 101, San Felicita 100,
Paddy Frclgn 115 finished aa named.
SECOND RACE — Three and a half furlono;
purie :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. & Fin.
6to I— MaJ.Carpenter.Bo(l*WH.) 3 2 3 1 h
13 to 6— Sharp Bird. 113 (D.Aub.) a 12 2 10
13 to I— Hook Sea Oka, 100 (Ray.) S 7H3lii
Time. 1:14%. Start eocd-^ Won driving.
Winner, A. H. Ifendleton's eh. g.. 3. by Russell-
Morna, Allegrette 9.' J. Tom KUey 95, Wellman
town BS, Matt Wadleigh 00, Happy HtJollgaa
90, Fonca 107, finished as named.
THIRD* RACE— Four and a half furlonga;
two-year-olds:.
Betting. Hors*. "Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12tol — Dishabille, 100 (Faunt.). 1 Ink 1 nk
Kven— Violin. 105 (D. Austin).. 4 2 % 2 1
4to I— Ail Black. 103 (Wallace). 6 3 1 3 12
Time. 1:00. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner G. C. Bennett & Co.'» br. f.. 2. by King's
Counsel-Night Gown. Persian 105, Lady Mer
cury 109, A Lady 105, Au Revoir 100, finished
as named; Lady Mercury was left at the post.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
11 to 2— Dolly Gray 109 (Austin). 3 2 1%1 1
Ito2 — Elastic, 124 (Watson) 4 1»4 21%
9to 2— Dr. Stephens. 109 (Irvln). 1 3S 320
Time. 1:22. Start good. Won whipping.
Winner. T. P. Hayes' b. m. (4) by St. George-
Palmetto. Maggie Felix 111 also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Ito 2— Neversuch. 102 (Cocolo) . . 1 2 n 12
3to I—B.1 — B. McCarthy. 109 (Austin) 3 3 2 2 n
15 to I—F.1 — F. Bright, 07 (McMullen) 2 12 310
Time, 1:51%. Start good. Won easily.
"Winner. J. K. Hughes 1 eh. g. (4) by Mtrthful-
Clymena. Harvester 104 also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; pursa:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3 tol— Getchel. 87 (W. Blake) 5 2 1141 Vi
7to I— Trio. 104 (Howell) 1 In 23
2 tol— Hucena. 101 (H.- Anderson) 6 3 5 310
Time, 1:60. Start good. Won riding. "Win
ner J. C. Ghio's b. g. (3) by Governor Foraker-
Parlta. Khaki 102. Mies Eon 97. Blocker 103.
Judge Cantrlll 00, Nath Woodcock 09. finished
as named.
ELEVEN INNINGS AND
A TIE IN CHICAGO
Honors Are Even When Game Is j
Called to Allow New Yorks to i
Catch Train. |
NATIONAL. LEAGUE. \
CHICAGO. May 23.— 1n one of the sharpest |
and most exciting games of the season New
York and Chicago to-day went eleven Innings
to a tie. The game was called to allow New
York to catch a train. Each side scored once
early in the game on good hitting. . Attend
ance, 5100. Score: / • ,
R. H. E. |
Chicago 1 « 2 I
New York 1 " . ©,
Batteries — Welmer and O'Neill: Matthewsoa !
and Bowerman. Umpires — Ems lie and John
stone.
CINCINNATI. May 23. — McPherson hit two
batsmen and gave a base on balls In the first
inning, which, with two singles and two errors,
netted Cincinnati three runs. Attendance. 2SOO. i
Score: - •> .• - : ;
R. H. E. j
Cincinnati 6 5 0
Philadelphia. 1 6..,x4j
Batteries — Hahn and Peitx; McPherson and j
Marshall. Umpire — Zimmer. i
ST. LOUIS. May 23. — Brooklyn took the first j
game front St. Louis to-day in a. hurricane !
finish. Attendance, Score:
P, H. E. i
St. Louis * 8 Oj
Brooklyn T 13 2
Batteries — Dunleavy and McLaln; Ganrln. i
Poole and Bergen.
PITTSBURG. May 23. — Fisher started out
like a winner, but in the sixth Pittsburgh found i
him for six hits and seven runs and the game ;
was lost to the visitors. Attendance. 35C0. i
Score:
, It. H. E. !
Pittsburg 9 10 3 !
Boston 0 7 2j
Batteries — Philllppl and Phelps; Fisher and j
Moran. Umpire — O'Day.
AMERICAN LEAGUE. I
BOSTON May 23. — The visitors scored In the j
fourth Inning on a single, sacrifice and pass, |
and again In the sixth on a three-bagger by :
Heidrlck and a single, by Hemphlll. Attend- I
ance. 6000. Score: - J
R. H. E. I
St. Louis 2 10 1 j
Boston 1 7 1
Batteries — Glade and Sugden; Young and
Criger.
NEW YORK. May 23.— Chicago knocked |
Hughes out of the box arid defeated N?w j
York rather easily. Attendance. 2500. Score: |
R. H. E. !
New York. 2 A 3
Chicago ..? 6 11 lj
Batteries— Hughes, Griffith, McGuire and j
Kellnow; Altrock and McFarland. j
WASHINGTON. May 23. — A wild throw *by |
Barrett In the seventh Inning gave the locals
two runs while another by Donovan in the
eighth added another run. Attendance. 2500.
SCOre - K. H. E.
Washington 3 7 1
Detroit Z 7 2
Batteries — Jacobson. Patten a*hd Drill; Don- I
ovan and Buelow.
PHILADELPHIA, May 23. — The home club
presented to-day's game to Cleveland In the
last inning. Attendance, 8500. Score: •
TJ TT JT '
Cleveland 4 « oi
Philadelphia 3 9 3 j
Batteries — Donohue and Bemis; Waddell and j
Schreck. j
DELMAR PARK ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. May 23. — The following are the
entries for the races at Delmar to-morrow:
First race, half mile, two-year-old maidens,
allowances— Uddon 112. Xlberad 108. Peach
Bloom 100. Trourere 108. Valiant 112. Our Mo
112, Fred Prlesmyer 105. St. Javan 10S. De
vlnce 112 Capltanzo 112.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, four
year-olds and up. selling — Jerry Hunf 103,
Light Hunt 101. Ranco OS, Clifton Boy 103.
George W. Dasch 103. Hart D 103, Sid Stiver
104 Nabockllsh 100. Dr. Kler 103. Requisition
98. 'Little Arrow OS, B. X. Johnson 100.
Third race, six furlongs, three-year-olds —
Harmakls 112. Footlights Favorite 100. Frank
Collins 102. Sadie Burch 100.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
three-year-olds and up. handicap — Deutschland
11H Jack Young 102. Taby Toaa 104.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs, two
year-olds — Paul Revere 112. Braden 108. Laurel
J 108 Major Outlook 107. Antmos 112, Gay
Adelaide 105. Phil Kins 112, Trapnall J 112.
Sixth race, six furlongs, three-year-olds —
King Ellsworth 105. Algonquin 100. Clear the
Arena JOO Claremont 105, Mlllbrook 105. Sixth
Ctd Radium 100. ~~
Weather clear; track fast.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
First race— Peach Bloom, LJddon,
St. Javnn.
Second race — Sid Silver. Xabocklish,
Little Arrow.
Third race - — Footlights Favorite,
Frank Collins, Ilanmakis. '
Fourth race — Taby Tosa, Jack
Young, Deutschland.
•Fifth race — Gay Adelaide, Phil
King, Paul Revere.
Sixth ' race — Claremont, Clear the
Arena, King Ellsworth.
STEAMER COR\V'IX SAFE
AT LAST ACCOUNTS
Reports From the North Indicate
That the Vessel Is Xot In
Trouble.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 23.— The
steamer Cottage City, which arrived
to-night from Lynn canal, reports
passing the Nome steamer Corwin May
21 between Ketchikan and Wrangel
Narrows. The information fully dis
proves the sensational report to the
effect that the Corwin was lost on the
Vancouver coast. The vessel, having
removed some of her deck cargo at
Ketchikan and placed It in the hold,
proceeded on her way. When sighted
by the Cottage City she was apparently
heading into the . narrows. So far as
the Cottage City's officers could ob
serve the Corwin was in no trouble
whatever.
NANCY HANKS IS SOLD.
Famous Marc Brings Only $4000 at
Auction of Forbes' Stud.
RBADVILLE, Mass., May 23. —
Seventy-six blooded horses, • the entire
complement of the famous racing
stable and stock breeding: farm of the
late J. Malcolm Forbffs of Boston,
were sold under the hammer at the
trotting park here to-day. The horses
brought $116,450, or an average of
$1532. The highest price of the day,
$32,000, was commanded by Bingen
(2:06%). Bingen is eleven years old,
aired by May King (2:20), out of
Young Miss, by Young Jim. Arthur
H. Parker of Bedford, Mass., was. the
buyer.
¦ Unusual interest centered in the
bidding for Nancy Hanks, the famous
mare that at one time held the world's
record. She was knocked down to J.
M. Johnson, Mayor of Calais, Me., for
$4000. Johnson also purchased Lord
Roberts, a bay colt, : foaled by Nancy
Hanks and sired by Arion. The price
in this instance also was $4000. Nancy
Hanks and four of her foals, Makkal,
Palema, Lord Roberts and Marion, and
two of the latter's foals, Vice Commo
dore and Albia, sold for a total of
$11,500. Only two sales outside of
the Forbes consignment were made to
day. . . -¦'':'¦
The sale will be continued four days
longer, during' which time some of
Thomas W. Lawson's stock will be
sold.
WEST OAKLAND CliUB
POSTPONES BOXING
OAKLAND, May 23.— Owing to the
absence of Commissioner Turner from.
the;last meeting of the: Board of Po
lice and Fire Commissioners, the
West "Oakland Athletic Club was un
able to obtain a' permit for its month
ly boxing show, 1 which was scheduled
for to-morrow evening, | and the exhi
bition has been postponed to Wednes
day,evening, June 1.
¦I As the time of the. postponement is
short the contestants will be able to
keep in condition and they have all
assured the officials of the club that
they will be on hand on. the later date.
Tries to Find Mrs. T. E. Hill.
Detective "Abe Anthony , is endeavor
ing to find _ the widow of- Thomas -E.
Hill, who was killed" by a streetcar
in? Seattle on; the 14th inst. The
.woman is supposed to be in this city,
having resided at 2 8 Sixth street until
a short, time- ago. Until she can be
founds no .disposition can be, made of
the dead' man's property.
SUMMARY:
Struck out — By Barber S. by St. Vraln 6. '
Bases en balls — Off Barber 1, off St. Vraln 2. ;
Hit by pitcher— By Barber 1. by St. Vraln 1.
Stolen base — Doyle. Two-base hit — Brashear. !
Home runs — Blankenshlp, Delehanty. Earned '
runs — Seattle 5. Double plays — Graham to Ca- I
Bey; Lynch to Sheehan. Left on bases — Taco- .
ma 4 Seattle 7. Time of irame — One hour and j
thirty-five minutes. Umpires — Williams and i
Overall.
Seattle 0 0 3 0 0 0 2 0 o— B
Base hits 0 0 311041 I—ll
Tacotna 0 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 — O
Base bits 01000100 I—3
RUNS ANT> HITS BY INNINGS.
AB.R. H. P. A.! AB.R. H. P.A,
Doyle, rf 3 0 1 1 0 VaaH, cf ft 2 2 2 0
Sh'hn, 3b 4 0 1 2 0 Mohlr. 2b 5 0 1 2 4
Casey. 2b 4 0 0 4 1 Ulhty. 3b 5 1 3 0 1
Hsan. ¦.. 4 0 0 0 3 Frisk If. 3 0 0 0 0
Lynch, cf 2 0 O 2 1 Smith, rf 2 0 1 1 0
M'Lkii, rf 3 0 1 2 0 Brshr. lb 4 0 1 10 2
Grahm. c 3 0 0 6 3 Hall. 5..4 0 0 2 4'
HoKan.lb 3 0 0 9 1 Blkshp c 4 1 1 8 1
St. Vm. p 3 0 0 1 2 Barber, p 4 1 2 2 0
Totals. 29 0 327 11 Totals. 36 51127 13
TACOMA, May 23.— Barber pitched
magnificent ball to-day and was ac
corded good support by his team mates.
The score: 'if
Tacoma — t Seattle —
Special Dispatch to The CalJ
SPOKANE. May 23.— Another hard
blow has been fjiven to horse racing:
Jn thf> Northwest by the announcement
that no reduced rates will be made this
year on shipments of racehorses and
eulkies on accourt of race meets. This
order, it is stated, practically doubles
the old rates for shipments.
CHICAGO. May 23.— Seven indict
ments were voted by the Grand Jury
to-day against the promoters of race
track handbooks. The names of tht
accused were withheld.
Policy gaming was bit a hard blow
by the police to-night. Officers under
the direction of the Chief of Police
raided five policy houses, made 106 ar
rtEts, Beized $4700 Jn cash, a number of
large checks, much paraphernalia and
eecured evidence upon which to base
Feveral additional raids. The raiding
to-flay was unexpected by the policy
men, and they were caught unawares.
NEW ORLEANS. May 23.— The Su
preme Court to-day, throcgh Jus
tice Monroe, rendered a decision hav
ing an important bearing on the pool
room situation. The court held that
It is nithin the province of the muni
cipality in Louisiana to regulate pool
rooms by confining their operations to
certain prescribed localities, even
though this prescription causes the
poolrooms to perish from lack of sup
port.
Efforts to levive running turf races
in New Jersey are now being made by
rntjn prominent in racing circles. Pre
liminary steps have already been taken
through the purchase of a large tract'
of land near Atlantic City. There It
is planned to lay out an extensive rac
ing plant, modeled on the lines of Mor
ris Park. Several well-known New Jer
sey capitalists are interested in the
pcheme, which will be headed by men
prominent in the affairs of the Queens
County Jockey Club track at Aque
duct. L. I.
Attorneys are now drafting a bill to
be presented to the next New Jersey
Legislature legalizing horse racing In
the State. The bill provides for the
encouragement of contests of speed be
tween thoroughbreds of the highest
class, the prohibition of races run on
a track less than one mile in circum
ference and a tax on all racing asso
ciation funds accruing from that sport
to be paid into the State treasury. A
certain percentage of the tax will go
to the promotion of county fairs. No
winter racing will be permitted. Le
galized racing will be allowed only be
tween April 15 and November 1.
n.\ni> DLOW AT POOLROOMS.
MAY RACE IN" NEW JERSEY.
Because neither the police nor the
District Attorney's office v.as ready
With evidence in the West Side Court
to-day Magistrate Mayo, in sDite of
the protests of Assistant District At
torney Lord, discharged from custody
the ten prisoners arrested in the raid
of^ the alleged poolroom information
bureau in the New York Theater "build
ing last Friday. This was to have
been the first of the trials of those ar
rested la more than twenty raids of
alleged poolrooms last week.
Subper.as were issued and served by
the District Attorney's office to-day on
Superintendent Dealy of the racing de
partment of the Western Union Tele
graph Company and Assistant Super
intendent Mitchell to appear in "John
Doe" proceedings to-morrow* The pro
ceedings are based on the raid at an
alleged ooolroom in East Forty-second
street last week.
Captain Hayes of the Forty-seventh-
Ftreet station descended on seven bus
jiected poolrooms, breaking down the
doors at several places. No arrests
were made.
The raids covered the district from
Forty-second street to the Battery.
: \ SUBI'KXAS AXE ISSUED.
NEW YORK. May 23.— Police Com
missioner McAdoo continued his cru
sade against gamblers to-day by order
ing every suspected poolroom In Man
hattan borough raided. Police details,
led by Inspectors or precinct captains,
entered no less than 300 places before
ihe raids were finished.
The Police Commissioner, In his in-
Ftructions, told his Inspectors to raid
t very place under suspicion and to en
ter poolrooms previously raided. In
scores of places no men and not even
a telephone or telegraph instrument
were found. Chief Inspector Brooks
directed the raid— the biggest in Man
hattan in years — and alter it was over
and reports had been received an
nounced that in forty-five of the places
sixteen prisoners had been taken, 120
telephones ripped out and two tele
graph instruments confiscated.
The gamblers were downhearted, the
police Jubilant, although the result of
the raids were not 'as great as had
been expected. Inspector Brooks said
he was carrying out Commissioner Mc-
Adoo's orders.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; Belling
Bettine Horre. Weight. Jockey. St. 9i Pin.
4 to 1- :<ylo 11. 83 (F.Sulllvan) 6 2 111
12 to I— Red Tip 106 <Qnjwell). 3 112 3
15 to I—Catbello.1 — Catbello. 106 (GBullmn) 4 5 14 3 %
Time, 1:41)4: Start pood Won first three
driving. All About 108, J. H. Bennett 104,
Effervescence 81. Estraza 107. Judge Voorhles
107. Chlleno 102, Carllee, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongrs; three- yew-olds
and up; selling.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
7 to 2 — North vest. 90 < K.Butler) 9 8 11
2 to I— Sir Preston. lOC (Crswte) 7 112
ii to I—Step1 — Step Around 105 (Hlbrk) 2 4 13
Time 1:14%: Start rood. Won first three
driving. Nellie Bawn ICS Our Pride 110. John
Bogps 104. Oaza/Jor 103. Enjoyment 106. Albe
:r.ar!e 111. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year.-ol&s
and up; selling
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
30 to I— D. of Richelieu. 108(Evrs) 10 2 1%1 1»4
25 to I— Miss Vera 106 (Frowen) 4 1 >4 2 Vt
« to I— Flourish. 113 (A.Powell) 8 3 1 S 2
Time. 1:43. Start good. Won first three
driving. Invictu»,lo3. Floriana Belle 84. The
Counsellor 107. Vkeallo 113. Assessment 10S.
SoliDUs 103. Pencil Me 103. finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Five furlongs: three-year
olds and up; selling. .
Betting. Home. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
IT to 2— Penzance 112 (Crsswte) 12 111
5 to 2— U. Braid. 120 (Karvaez) 2 3 2 2 IV4
bto 5— J. Ballardo. 119 (F.Klly) 3 11 3l'
Time. 1:02. Start good. Won first thre«
driving hard. Maud Browne 100. Gondolus
114. Tom Fox 10*. Decimo 114, Mar}' Dunne
100. Midway 100. finished as named.
6ECOXD RACE — Six furlongs; three-yar
olde and up; Felling.
Betting:. Hor.«e. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
7to I— F. Pearce. 109 (A.Powell) 4 141 14
9 to C — Huapala, 90 (G. Bullmn) 8 S 1«I3
7 to a— Anlrad. 9S (Kitrpatrick). 5 4 2 3 1
Time. 1:14%. Start good. Won first three
driving;. Tom Kin^sley 110. Eva D 97, Breton
105. I>r Blrdsall :<1 Geisha Girl 9S, Brennus
106. Nell Holton 102 finished as named.
PETALUMA, May 23.— The field
fared well at the races at Kenllworth
Park to-day, few favorites winning.
E. J. Hooper's bay filly Frivolous ran
a good race In the first event, winning
in a drive. Harry Stover came in for
his share of the stakes with Penzance
In the third. D. Gottung's gelding
Duke of Richelieu was a surprise for
the talent. With a poor start he
closed in and took a rood lead under
the wire. To-day the track was in
good condition, the wrnther perfect.
Five hundred visitors from San Fran
cisco attended.
Great excitement was caused to-day
by an order from Mayor W. R. Veale
to close all gambling within the city
limits. The race course is the bound
ary line of the city, and by moving the
boxes the bookies will not be dis
turbed. The games in town, however,
are closed. It is stated that the green
table operators will mane a light to
hold out during the week. Some of the
crowd who remained In the city at
night left for San Francisco to-night
and will patronize the excursions. The
action of Mayor Veale was made upon
the petition of citizens and the Good
Government League. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Fiv« furlonjt; thret-ye*r
old maidens; sellinc-
Benin*. Hoi>f. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to I— Frivolous. 110 (Wlllms) 8 6 2 1 h
20 to I— Pachuca. 112 (Bullman) 7 li iv: '?
H to s—Targrette,5 — Targrette, 112 (Fountain) 2 13 3 IVi
Time. 1:02^. Start poor. Won In hard
drive of throe. Brown Patsy 110 Llzle Ward
110. Constanta 112. Maxtreai 110. Joella 110.
Georgle Black 117. Moynard 105, finished a*
named. Sir Appleby and Red Bird fell at
start.
Tacoma Is Unable to Find
the Ball. While Their Op
ponents Land Eleven Hits
Police Commissioner McAdoo
Issues Sweeping Instruc
tions to Suppress Gambling
Mayor Veale Gives Sports
men a Shock by Ordering
All Gambling to Cease
'PHONES RIPPED OUT
STOVER A GOOD SECOND
SIXTH RACE — Withers mile; four-year-olds
and up; puree:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2to 9— Hurstbourne, 106 (Martin) 3 2 2 IZ%
6to I— Buttons. 105 (Redfern) 2 12 26
Even— Athel. 106 (Cormack) 4 81 35
Time 1:39 4-5. Start Rood. Won easily.
Winner. W. B. Leeds* b. c. by Indio-Flora
Hurst. Duke of Kendal also ran.
FIFTH RACE — About two miles; four-year
olds and up; steeplechase: selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7to 2— Lee Ridley. 134 (G. Green) 2 1 Vt 1 2>£
3to I— Cockrobln. 155 (J. O'Brien) 4 2 1*42 7
9to s— Blk. EVath.l4B (H.Wllson) 1 3 3 312
Time. 3:5S 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. T. Hitchcock Jr.* b. g.. by Appo
mattox-Leave Me Not. Howard Gratz, Ma
nlllan, Yely Royalist, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs, the Van
Cortlandt handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Welgrht, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9to 2 — Savable 123 (Hildebrand) B 3 h 1 h
10 to I— Rosetlnt. MS (Fuller) 3 2 1%2 2»4
15 to I— Red Knight. 10S (Shaw). 7 7 1 3ns
Time 1:27 3-6. Start good. Won driving.
"Winner". J. A. Drake's b. c. by Salvator-
Btrathflower. Hurst Park. Damon. Illyrla,
Lux Cast*, Divination, Careless, finished as
named.
THIRD RACE^Eclipse course; Mlllng.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to I— Orlskany. 101 (Travers). 8 11 12
7 to I— Th. Heather.lol (Cormk) 7 2h 2 3.£
60 to I— Tol San, 97 (D.O'Connr) 2 6 1 1 h
Time, 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner, W. H. Snyder's eh. c. by Potomac-
Caledonian, Memphis, Lady Mirthful. Gan
ano&ue. Baikal. Vagary. lightship, ApolTl
narls finished as named. %
SECOND RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
selling; two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to I— Khorasan,96 (Crfmmlns) 6 1 ij 1 Ui
6 to I— Salt & Pepper.M (Hdbd) 3 Bij2!s
15 to I— Jack McKeon.los (Mrtn) 1 s>iSm
Time. :54. Start fair. Won driving. Win-,
ner. R. T. Wilson Jr.'s b. c. by Woolsthor-
ZWica. Pink Garter. Sportsman. Laura Flat.
Cuckoo, Favermser, Filigree finished as
named.
MORRIS PARK, May 23.— Backers of
Hurst Park to win the Van Cortlandt
handicap think they have a grievance.
They say that if the colt had got off
well era his feet at the start he could
not have lost. It may be that, as Odom
said after the race, there were too
many fast horses in the race to give
him a chance. Certainly the son of
Kingston ran a great race, when his
hopeless position in the first three fur
longs is taken into account.
It was the third of the Serial handi
caps, and as Hurst Park had won the
two which preceded it, many hoped to
see him win the third. But he had won
his previous race by only a head from
Lux Casta, which, except for running
anything but a straight course on that
occasion, might have won. Hurst Park
again finished in front of Lux Casta,
but Savable, Rosetint and Red Knight
all finished in front of Hurst Park. The
time of the Van Cortlandt handicap,
1:27 3-5, while good, by no means
marks a superexcellent performance.
At one stage of the contest three racers
were fighting It out, Damon next the
rail, Rosetint in the center and Sav
able on the outside. The last named
racer, which won the Futurity in 1902,
won by a head from Rosetint, upon
which Fuller, just back from Chicago,
rode an excellent race, putting much
more vigor into his work than be has
of late. The value of the Van Cort
landt handicap to the winner was
$2130. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Seven • furlongs;/ «elllnr, ror
maidens: (
Botting. .Horse. Weight. Jockey. St 1 , % Fin.
Sto 6 — Dap. Gold, U5 (Brunner) 1 Ins 14
9 to s— Niskayuna, bS (Notter).. 2 2 8 2 6
4 to I— Flajf Officer, 9S (Curd).. 4 38 3 8»4
Time, 1 :28 1-5. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner, H. K. Viozut's b. g. by Golden Gar
ter-Mottle. Silver Foot also ran.
Bpedaj ZMapcteh to Tb» Call.
TIGEKS ABE. SHUT OUT
Hooper's Bay Filly Kuns
Good Bace at Petaluma and
Crosses the Line in a Drive
Good Box Work and Error
less Fielding* Gives the
Seattle Team a Game
Three Hundred New York
Betting Places Are Invaded
by Squads of Bluecoats
Bad News Makes a
Show of Field at
Hawthorne.
Elastic Is Outfooted by
Dollie Gray at
Delmar.
Hurst Park Makes Up
Much Ground in
Stretch.
POLICE MAKE
GENERAL RAID
EASY WINNER
IS FRIVOLOUS
SAVABLE, HILDEBR AND RIDING,
TAKES THE VAN CORTLANDT
BARBER'S CURVE
IS DECEPTIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY. MAY 24, 1904.
ANTI-POOLROOM WAR IS WAGED IN MANY CITIES
Kramer Makes New Record.
NEW YORK, May 23.— A new
American record for one mile in a
handicap has been made by Fred
Kramer, the bicyclist,- at Vailsburgy N.
J. . His time was .1:52 3-5, -from
scratch. The previous i mark was
1:55 3-5.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— Secretary Moody
ia indisposed and upon the advice of his phy
sician will remain quietly at home for a few
10
«J5 r JEBVi3EMENTS.
jgCARTERS
SfiGK HEADACHE
Positively en red by these
Xlttlo Pills.
i Tbey also relieve Distress from Dyspepsfa,
! Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
[ Sect remedy for Dizziness, Xausea, Drowrf-
arss, Bad Taste in the Month, Coated Tongua
Pain in the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Bmall Pill. Small Dose*
Small Price.
Eminent pV»ys«i»n« rttomm«w> ) j
in C&IM wrwre 8» vrnuliiOdie . m
stimulant is required. I
Uiid In th» M« Jiul Da»*r«*a«*a ' ij
W th« USAnny «N^y 3«nrVe» I
OCEAN TBAVEL.
c Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piers 9 and 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketchlkan. TVrangel.
Juneau. Haines. Skasway.
etc.. Alaska— ll ». ra.. May
5 10. 15. 20, 23. 30 June 4.
Change to Company* a steam-
ers at Seattle-.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoraa, Everett. Be!-
Ungbam— ll a. m.. May S. 10. 15. 20. 20. 3<K
June 4. Chance at Seattle to this Company 9
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattls
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. *t Vancouver ?»
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. May 4. 10. 16. 22. 28; Spokane} 1:30
p. m. May 1. 7. 13 19: Corona, May 23. 31.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mont-
terey. San Simeon. Cayuccs. Port Harford (Saa
Louis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita, 9 a. m.. May 7. 15. 23, 31. June 8.
Santa Cruz. 9 a. m. (freight only). May 19. 27.
For Ensenada, Magialena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Ro-
, salla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each)
' month. For further Information obtain folder.
| Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
! dates.
I TICKET OPPICES — 4 New Mont go m-
i cry at. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st. and Broad-
| way wharves. Preijrht Oflce, 10 Market at.
¦ C. D.' DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
'• The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
( call for and check bagsai:» from hotels and
' residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
| . .
AME3ICAN LINE.
I Plymouth — Cherbourg I—Southampton.1 — Southampton.
: From New York. Saturdays, s«:^0 a. m.
Germanic June I,' Philadelphia ..June !¦•
St. Paul June lliSt. Ixiuls June 'JS
ATLANTIC TKAKSFOXT LINE.
New York — London Direct.
Mlnnetonka Jun« 1 ID i. m.
Mirnthaha June 11. 3:30 p. m.
Minneapolis June 1-H, » a. m.
Mesaba June 25. 9 a. m.
Only first-class passengers carried.
dominion line.
I Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
! Kensington ...June 4!Southwark June 1*
' Dominion June ll|Canada June Z5
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
New Twtn-Screw Steamers of II.SCO Tons.
1 New York — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
. Statendam ....June "(Rotterdam ....June2t
! Potsdam June 14|Ryndam June 23
RES STAR LUTE.
New York — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York. Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Vaderland June HlZeeland June 1%
Kroonland June lllKlnland June 23
WHITE STAR LINE.
New Tori — Qxzeenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Teutonlc.June 8. 10 am; MaJe<«tic.June 22,10 an
Celtic... June 10. 3 pm. Arabic. June 24. 3 pra
Cedrlc.June 15. 6 am. Oceanic. .June 29. 7 ana
Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Republic (new) June 11, July 7, Aug. It
Cymric Jun* lfi. July 14. Aug. H
Crcttc Jun<» 30. July 2*. Aue. 23
NEW SERVICES fROM BOSTOM.
Past Twin-Scre-vb Steamers
of 1J.400 to 15.W0 ton?.
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
MEDITERRANEAN. VIA AZORES.
GIBRALTAR, NAPLES, GENOA.
CANOPIC May 2X. July 2. Auk. 2T
ROMANIC June IS. July 30, Sept. IT
First rla«». S*f> upward.
C D. TAYIA>R. Pass«ntrpr A^ent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
Jiamburg-Jlmerican.
Seml-WeeUy Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOITH. CHERBOURG. HAMBLRO.
THE GREAT OCEAN FLYER.
S. S. Deutschland
6RCVi ft. x lons— 23ti knots average speed.
Sails June 9. July 7. Aujr. 4. Sept. 1.
Palatla May 25 Pretoria Jun» 4
t'Bluecher May 2« »Deutschland ..June *
Beigravia May 2S .....June 11
t'Moltke June 2 Hamburg June. lS
•Has grill room and tgymnaslum on board.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Offices 35 and 37 Broadway. New Y^rk.
HERZOG fc CO.. 401 CALIFORNIA ST.
p. /?• & N. CO.
COLUMBIA sails May 19. 27. June 6. 18. an*
26. GKO. W. ELDER sails May 22. June X,
11 and 21. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to alt
points East. Through tickets to all points.
Steamer tickets Include berth and meal*.
Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at U. a. ra.
S. F. BOOTH. Oen. Agrt. Pais. Dept., 1 Mont-
gomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. Gea. Agent Freight
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
oeeanicB.s.co.S£?:s
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. May 26 2 p. m.
S. S. MARXPOSA.- for Tahiti. M.ay 29. 11 a. ra.
3. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Juno 4, 11 am»a m»
I.D.SMCHL3 4 BEOI Ca,AHl,TicXBt 03ce 613 Hr-
tei. Frcliat Qinca 329 Mir^st sl. Piar 7. Piaia; i;.
PASSENGER SERVICE —
/CP-* Through without change. S. 9
WV "Serapls"* from San Fran-
M M<rMD Y> ciBCO " n or about Jun* .*;. 10O»
I ) f for Ilambu rK and principal
« VSV- U r - 0Tt * ln M * x ico. Central and
AJ faouth Ame rtca. For rates and
\fX.^t<W particulars apply at 841 Mar-
X£fjL^ ket gt -» or *o LJENDAX. M.
¦ GRAY. Manager 329 Market
St.. San Francisco. '
tOXPASSIX OESX&ALS TKAH3ATL.IRTIQI7&
DIKECT LINK TO UAV«£-PARI3. .
eaillng «very ThurkU^y instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. Iron Pier -U. ¦-«- I ASH« f
North River, toot of Morton st. •
First class to Havre. |70 and upward. Seo>
¦ ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson butldln«>.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Co*«s
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenoe. San Francis-sac
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents..
To V. S. Navy Turd and VaUeJo.
STRS. GEN. FRISBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARKOW— 9:4S A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:15 P. M.
8:00 P. M.. 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays.
0:45 A. M.. 8:3O P. M. Leave Vallejo. 7:txi
A. M.. 9:00 A. M.. 12:3O NOON. 3:15 P. M.
«:0O P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays, 7:0O A. M..
4:15 P. M. ' Fare ene way. 50c Landing and
office. Pier . 2. foot Mission st. Phone Main
1508. HATCH BROS.
iWittQl ftOO'wTnr
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Why is Pears' Soap— the
best in the world j the soap
with no free alkali in it —
sold for 15 cents a cake?
'It was made for, a hos-
pital soap in the first
place, made by request,
the doctors wanted a soap
that would wash as sharp
as any and do no harm
to the skin. That means
a soap all soap, with no
free alkali in it," nothing *
but soap; there is nothing
mysterious in it. Cost de-
pends on quantity; quan-
tity comes of quality.
: Sold all over the world.
ADVEBTISE3CENT3.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH f&\
Catarrh is not only a most disgusting and offensive »3 *^^ wjj ,
malady, but when allowed to continue, becomes constitu- • <(s\ /&£§¦
tional. The foul secretions and mucous matter are *^ isjS§|j
absorbed into the blood, and the whole system becomes
infected with the catarrhal poison, and can't be reached
by inhalations, sprays, washes, powders and salves. Only Sh^mEES! MSm
aVemed y that enters into the circulation and cleanses and Wjt ! '^&o%ii&
purifies the polluted blood, can cure Catarrh after it gets *&» fa&r
to be chronic. Itis a disease __ . '
?*•-,«¦ ,ff--i-c tli* mrnihrafiM Gentlemen: I had Catarrh for about fifteen
that attacks the membranes y#ar s, and no one could haTe been worse. I triad
and delicate coverings of all everything- 1 could hear of, but no erood resulted.
«*.«. v^;iv i-iT-cranc T«- i« tin*- x tnen beran S. 8. 8., and oould sea a little im-
the bodily organs. It IS not p roV emant trom tha first bottle, and after takinr
confined to the head, nose and It a short while was cured. This was six years
,l, r ., f v.,,4. tl,- c foTTiarTi how. 5,8" o »*ndl am a» well to-day as any man. I think
¦throat, but the Stomacn, DOW- catarrh is a blood disease, and know there is
els. kidneys, bladder and nothinr on earth better for the blood than S.S.B.
The catarrhal poison pollutes the blood, and through the circulation contam-
inates every organ, membrane and tissue of the body. Catarrli affects the
y*m^ /^-^ general health, injures the digestion , upsets the stom-
r/^^ |C?S |i^^ ach, destroys the appetite, produces nausea and other
V^v -^9\' niiserable symptoms. S. S. S. reaches it through the
OjKJJkJ/ blood, goes into the circulation and drives out all
Vl »— * >««— *^ r unhealthy accumulations, and when all parts of the
ssvtein are receiving a supply of rich, pure blood, the, general health is
invigorated, and all the disgusting symptoms of the disease stop. Write
US about your case; and our physicians will advise you free of charge.
* THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.j ATLANTA, GA.
[^ROYUTTLE
CIGARS
J>^l \ -> PACRET5 OFTEN
drifc* i-JL lo<t
JOUJ 0U u p SoW URQESI2E
SH^ -ft :? B*
*i^"- J&^ J FIFTY
ytirayhußKSlZE
LMILLER&SONS. (53 CROSBT StNY.TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
• at Fort Point, entrance • to Ban Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
' Superintendent., . l ' .
NOTE — The high . and low waters o«6u« M
Sun, Moon and. Tide.'
TO ADDRESS NEW MEXICANS.—
BERKELEY. May 23.— Professor Elmer E.
Brown, ht-ad . of the department of education
at the University of California, has accepted
the invitation of the University* of New Mex
do to deliver the commencement address, on
May 27 in Albuquerque. With Mrs. Brown
he will leave on Wednesday for Albuquerqac.
Afterward they will go farther East to ¦ speed
tie whole summer In the Eastern States. . -
Special round-trip tickets. J 10. include
railroad fare and two days' board at the
famed Hotel Del Monto. ¦¦ ; Leave San
Francisco next Saturday or Sunday.
Through parlor car to tho hotel. Golf
links never greener and surf bathing is
delightful. •
Decoration Day at Del Monte.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Dolphin Bkagway & Way Ports. May 24
Alkl Skagway & Way. Porte. May 25
Nome City... Nome .. May 25
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 26
Cottage City. • Skagway & Way Ports. May 28
Senator...... Nome ....% .....June 1
Oregon Aome .....June 1
Kxcelslor Valdez A Way Porta.. June 1
Tacoma...... Nome & Teller...... .. June" 1
O'ympla....- - Nome A St. Michael... June 2
Garonne Nome & Golovin Bay. . June 2
Kcanoke . . . . : Nome & St. Michael . . . June 4
The day was fine when they started
from town, but on the return trip
they ran into a dense fog. They lost
the road and the horse in. turning a
sharp corner stumbled and fell, throw-
Ing the bUjggy over; on its side. Dr.
Law fell Into the road arid escaped
with a shaking up and a few bruises.
Riley, however, was thrown with
great force down a steep cliff. His
right leg was broken in two places
above the knee, his left arm was se
verely injured and he suffered from a
scalp wound reaching almost entirely
across the back of his head. He was
also badly cut up about the face.
John Riley, superintendent of fire en
gines, was thrown out of a buggy on
the Twin Peaks road yesterday after
noon and received serious injuries. He
now lies at St. Joseph's Hospital in a
critical condition. Riley,. in company
with Dr. 'Hartland Law, had driven up
the Corbett road yesterday to inspect
the proposed site for the new salt wa
ter reservoir which the Fire Commis
sioners suggest be erected on Twin
Peaks.
J. Eiley, Superintendent of
Fire Engines, Meets With
Accident on Corbett Road
. Eteamer. Destination. Soils. Pier.
May 24.
Elizabeth.. CoquiHe River 5 pm Pier 20
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 10 am Pier 8
Montara. . . . Seattle & Tacoma. 2 pm Pier 0
May 25. '
6. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Corona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Sequoia.... Wlllapa Harbor. ... 4 pm Pier 20
Hermonthla Hamburg & Way. . 12 m Pier 19
Senator.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 26.
State of Cal Ban Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
O. Lindauer Gray* Harbor ;". . . Pier —
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way Pt8. 2 pm Pier 7
May 27.
Ean Pedro. . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Argo. Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro &. Way. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia. . . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 28.
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Aurelia Astoria &¦ Portland 12 m Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
San Juan..- N. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul. 3 pm Pier 23
May 29.
Marlposa... Tahiti direct ...... 11 am Pier 7
May 30. I
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 31.
Bonita Newport &.Way... 9 am Pier 11
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
June 1. *
G W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Doric. ...... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Jane 2.
St. Paul.... Nome & St. Michael| 2 pm Pier 20
June 3. ||
Eerap.'* Hamburg & Way.|12 m|Pier 19
CITY OFFICER'S
LEG IS BROKEN
Tivoli.
"A Runaway Girl" began the third
and last week of its successful run at
the Tivoli last night
This is the second and last week of
Richard Mansfield's engagement at the
Columbia Theater, the repertoire for
which includes the plays he has al
ready produced with the addition of
Friday night's bill. "Dr. Jeltyll and Mr.
Hyde." The engagement closes on
Saturday night with the production of
"Ivan the Terrible." The advance
sale commences Thursday morning for
the engagement of Maude Adams in
"The Little Minister."
Columbia.
j Steamer. From. Due.
Ponao Point Arena & Albion.. 1 May 24,
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Ports May 2-f
North Fork.. Humboldt May 24
Columbia Portland & Astoria May 24
1 S. Monica , Grays Harbor May 23
i Aurelia Portland & Astoria May 25
City Peking: . /Kew York via Panama. May 25
Argo Eel River Ports May 25
Eureka Humboldt May 26
i Wyefleld ..... Nanaimo May 26
¦ Pomona Humboldt May 20
' Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. May 20
Santa Rosa..*] San Diego & Way Ports May 20
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. ... May 26
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. May 26
Centralla San Pedro May 27
Ban Pedro San Pedro May 27
Siberia China & Japan May 27
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. May 27
Newlrjrg San Pedro May 28
Curacao Mexican Ports May 28
Jeanie........ Seattle & Tacoma May 2M
Corona....... Newport & Way Ports. May' 28
Bonita Humboldt May 29
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria May 29
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. May 80
Alaroeda Honolulu May 31
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports May 31
Newport New York via Panama. June .1
Cocstay..... San JPedro & Way Pts. June 1
Itatner. . .'. .. Seattle & Belllngham. June 2
Centennial.'.. Seattle & Tacoma June 3
Alliance J Portland & Way Ports.|June 3
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
OAKLAXD, May 23. — Scavengersre
fumed work to-day and the -police it
rested a dozen of them on a charge of
.dumping refuse within the city limits.
Scavengers* Arrests Continue.
OAKLAND, May 23. — Erwin Frost,
a private detective, was discharged to
day in the Police Court after examina
tion on the complaint of Mrs. Jeannie
Desoza, who claimed Frost had as
sisted in unlawfully detaining her in a
room for two daya at the behest of
John Bamber, her father.
Private Detective Discharged.
Notice is hereby gtven that the outside en
trance bell buoy (or anchorage buoy). Honolulu
harbor. T. H.. has gone adrift. It will be re
placed as soon as practicable. By order of the
Lighthouse Board. A. P. NIBLACK.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.,
Assistant to the Inspector of the Twelfth
Lighthouse District.
OF OAHU
HONOLULU HARBOR KNTRANCE, ISLAND
Notice to Mariners.
OAKLAND, May 23. — Tyler Hen-
Ehaw*, who has been in a critical con
dition from the effects of an opera
tion for appendicitis, is now improv
ing steadily and the attending physi
cians have strong hopes that the pa
tient will recover.
Tyler Henshaw Better.
! The two. Fantas, acrobatic imperso
i nators of child life, made their first ap-
I pearance at the Chutes yesterday with
I their trained pig, "Mike," and made
i hits at both performances, as did also
j Seeker. Wilkes and their company,
j which includes a very clever pickanin
{ ny. Mozarto, an accomplished instru
j mentalist, played on two saxophones
at once, and George and Laura Lewis
gave an amusing comedy sketch. Fox
and Ward, the black face comedians,
j Mildred Manning, the popular singer of
! illustrated songs, and the anlmato-
I scope, showing a realistic reproduction
of a train robbery, completed an un
usually interesting programme. The
amateurs will appear on Thursday
night.
The Chute*.
ALAMEDA, May 23.— Carl Echen
berger of 2321 Santa Clara avenue
was arrested to-day by Detective
George H. Brown and charged with
cruelty to animals. Echenberger is
accused of driving &n emaciated horse
that was barely able to walk because
of an affection of the hoofs. The de
fendant has asked for a Jury trial.
Charged With Cruelty.
The barkentine Archer was cleared yesterday
for Honolulu with a Fmall cargo, valued at
flO,S87, and Including 25 bbls flour, 3030 ctls
barley, 140.625 lbs bran, 1333 lbs bread, 41
ctls corn. 2130 lbs oil cake meal, 236 gals
vineaar, 10 bbls Dickies, 1800 lbs coffee, 1250
gals wine, 11 pkgs vehicles, 2 pkgs machinery.
2 drums gasoline, 2000 lba soda, 100 bxs soap.
18 pkgs dye stuffs, 11 pkgs tanning supplies,
6S75 lbs are clay, 7 pkgs paints and 102,000
lbs cement.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
A Small Cargo for Hawaii..
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company's City
of Peking. Captain Robinson, which ha3 b«*n
coffee tramping- between Panama and Central
American ports, left San Jose de Guatemala
May 20 for this port.
The liner Coptic left Yokohama yesterday, for
this port.
The Oceanic Steam&hip Company's liner Si
erra arrived yesterday at Auckland. The Ven
tura, homeward bound, left Auckland May 20.
The American Hawaiian Steamship Compa
ny's freighter Nevadan arrived yesterday, S
days 11 hours from Kahulul.
Water Front Notes.
The bark 6. C. Alden, Captain Johnson, which
for many years sailed regularly between here
and Honolulu, but which of late has been trad
ing between coast ports, cleared yesterday for
Port Clarence. Sh* has been chartered by
Roth. Blum & Co. to carry supplies to the fur
stations at the northern port.
Clears for Port Clarence.
NEW YORK. May 23. — The fol
lowing Calif ornians are in New York:
From San Francisco — F. Andrys, A. J.
Hunn, J. R. McClure and wife, M.
Merten. H. G. Wendt and wife and S.
Baker, at the Herald Square; H. Port
feld, at the Navarre; B. Branch, at
the Imperial; Ed de Brettville and
wife, at the Victoria; Ed Bronfield, at
the Cadillac; O. R. Commlns, at the
St. Denis; D. Sneer, at the Broadway
Central; H. Frankel and H. H. Good
en, at the Imperial; H. J. Graned
holz, at the Grand Union; A. Harri
son, at the Holland; Mrs. Haviland, at
the Grand Unien; C. M. Hunt and
wife and R. H. Hunt, at the Broad
way Central; W. Damp, at the Im
perial; A. W. Levy, at the Grand
Union; Mrs. Swain McCormick, at the
Herald Square; J. C. Williams, at the
Imperial; F. Morris and wife, at the
Navarre; B. Olconich, at the Impe
rial; W. , Rehenstedt, at the Grand
Union; F. Savage, at the Belvidere;
Mrs. M. S. Stewart, at the Imperial;
S. Wasserman, at the Herald Square,
and A. T. Whitehead, at the Albe
marle. From Santa Barbara — -H.
Richardson, at the Gilsey.
Callfornians In New York.
After three years' absence Julia
Blanc reappeared last night at th?
Central Theater and made a hit in "A
Great Temptation." an ante-bellum
drama of the South. She made the
role of a typical colored maid extreme
ly entertaining. Cheers and heaps of
floral tributes greeted her and through
out the performance she received un
mistakable expressions of good will
from all parts of the big playhouse.
Herschel Mayall was well fitted as a
heroic reformed gambler, and Miss
Lawton did very well as the heroine,
an ingenuous Southern girl. Messrs,
Shumer, Nickolls, Howell. Booth and
Montgomery were conspicuous In the
cast, and Edna Ellsmere was particu
larly good as a desperate victim of
man's duplicity and her own weakness.
The staging of the play was elabo
rately realistic, the effective scenes in
cluding a steamboat on the Mississippi,
sunrise on a plantation, moonlight in a
ruined mill and the spectacle of burn
ing charcoal kilns at night. Though
most of the situations were interrse,
not to say strained, they kept the in
terest of the audience constantly taxed
— and that is the kind of situations
that the Central management strives
to produce.
Central.
iMcsatfori to Mwting of Ix*a«rue of
• . BepnbUcan Clubs Calls People
to Mas«-3Ieotiryj.
BERKELEY. May 23.— All Berkeley,
" fen, women and children, will be asked
to join a boosters' club. The first steps
for the formation of the club will be
.token Thursday nipht in the plaza
vhile the band is playing 1 its weekly
concert. The movement is the out
fnnwth of a suggestion made by gne of
'the delegates trom Berkeley to the
•Flat? League of Republican Clubs'
convention in Sacramento. The whole
Be"rkele.y delegation was at once eon
vincf*! of the necessity for the club,
•fnd It was decided that a Tnass-meeting
Ehould be called peon aftt-r their re
tjurn to Berkeley, so Thursday night
has been selected for; the gathering.
.The following members of the delega
tion are back of the movement: Charles
31. Blohm, Thomas Dowd, Arthur Els
ton, Frank Fov.den, Francis Ferrier,
Dr. .C. F. Gladding, Lewis Hawes, H.
I>- ' Irwin, H. H. Johnson, W. E.
Knowles, James Kennedy, J. B. Land
. field, C. D. Maloney, D. W. McLaugh
lin. L. L. Nelson, A. L. Ott. W. R.
Pond. J. T. Renas. Thomas Rickard,
.Dr. H. X. Rowcll. H. J. Squires. E. A.
Fhaw. C. E. Thomas, Thomas Turner.
' H. W. Taylor, James Oliver, "vT. P. W.
Albec. D. S. Adams, Dr. P. F. C. Biehl,
Fred W. Foss, M. E. Jaffa. Dr. J. E.
Kelsey, E. J. Martin, Leo S. Rodgers,
H. J.- V. Swain. J. L. Scotchler, R. C
.^taats. \V\ K. V»'eir, John M. Foy, J. O.
MSUs and Robert Greig.
want all iji:i:ivi:l.i-:y
in" boosters' club
The steamer Francis H. Leggett, which took
from here a cqrgo of building material for the
cable station at Midway, arrived May 21 at her
destination. As pussengers the Leggett carried
a small army of ekllled workmen, who will put
together the materials carried as freight. They
will build several houses for living and offlce
purposes and will construct plant* for distill
ing water and making ice. The cable company
Is sparing no expense to make comfortable as
possible the l&olatcd lot of the employes sta
tioned on this faraway desert island. These
employes have been for marry months playing
Robinson Crusoe for salaries which they have
no opportunity to upend unless they turn flnan»
clol cannibals and reapportion their Incomes ac
cording to the chances of the national game
or some other interesting but uncertain pas
time.
Arrives nt Midway.
FLYMOUTH-r-Arrived May 23— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II. from New York. raiser
SAUed-May. 23 — Stmr Graf Waldersee, for
New 'York. ;. • ¦ „ , ; ¦„ ,'.¦¦¦
CHERBOURG—Arrived May 23 — Stmr Kai
ser Wilhelm II, from. New York. for. Bremen
and proceeded. - ", •> ,»_-'.
GLASGOW — Arrived May 23— Stmr Lauren
tlan, • from New York.
COPENHAGEN— Sailed May 23— Stmr Island,
for New . York." '
BREMEN — Arrived May 23 — Stmr Princess
Alice from New York. , '
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 23— Stmr Uum
brla.-from New 'York. .-'
TENERIFFE— Balled * May 20— Stmr 1st*
Isoux Hamburg, etc., for San Francisco,
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MIDWAY ISLAND— Arrived May 21—
Stmr Francis H. Leggett, hence May 5, via
Honolulu. ' : ¦
YOKOHAMA— Sailed 'May 23— Br stmr Cop
tic for Sun Francisco.
HARWICH— Arrived May 21— Fr ehlp Be.
rangere, from Oreron.' >
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 21— Stmr Airat
for Frr-ser River, t * '
IPSWICH— In port May 15— Fr bark Babln
Chevape, for, San» Francisco, via Swansea'
II AMBURG— Sailed May 10— Br ship Fair
port, for Honolulu.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 0 — Br stmr
Oanfa, from Tacoma.
SINGAPORE — Arrived May 0 — Br etmr Cal
chas, from Liverpool, for Puget Sound
HONGKONG— Sailed May 22— Stmr 'm S
Dollar, for San Francleco, via Mojl and Kobe'
KOBE— Sailed May 22— Stmr Stanley Dol
lar, for Welhaiwel. ¦•-... • ' - "
AUCICJ-AND— Arrived , May 23— Stmr Sierra,
hence May 6." - • /
Sailed May 20-rStmr Ventura, for San Fran
cIbco; . • . . . ¦
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Sailed May
20 — Stmr City of Peking, for San FrancUco .
VICTORIA — Passed out May 23 — Br stmr
Wyefleld,' from Nanalmo, for .Sun Francisco
Arrived May 23— Stmr Umatllla, hence May
20; stmr Cottage City, from Skagway.
-NEW YORK — Arrived May 21 — Stmr Ore
gonian. from Philadelphia. May - 22 U S
stmr Kllpatrlck, for Manila.
s • FOREIGN PORTS.
- MANILA — Arrived May 21 — Br Btmr Indra
mayo, from Nejj. York.
HONOLUL-U-^Arrived May 23— Schr Rosa
mond, hence May 7. '¦ • '
Sailed May 22— Schr Borealls, for Grays
Harbor.
EASTERN PORT.
ISLAND PORTS.
Per stmr Acme-r-May 23, outside heads, schr
Compeer from Anacortes, for San Francisco.
April 23— In lat 24 S. long 43 W, ship Til-
He E. Starbuck, from New York, for Hono
lulu.
May 11— In lat 43 N, long S W, Br bark
KIdalton, from Hamburg, for Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
.GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 22— Schr
Fanny Dutard, for Ventura.
TACOMA— Arrived May 23— Br ship Thirl
mere, from Seattle.
TATOOSH — Passed out May 23 — Br stmr
Wyefield, from Nanaimo, for San Francisco.
Passed Inward May 23— Stmr Edith, hence
May 10. for Tacoma.
PORT HARFORD — Arrived May 23 — Stmr
Charles Nelson, from Seattle.
EUREKA — Arrived May 23 — Stmr Pomona,
hence May 22. •
Arrived May 22 — Stmr Pasadena, from Port
Harford. May 23 — Stmra Noyo, Bee, Mandalay
and Phoenix, hence May 21.
Sailed May 2." — Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco; Ftmr Alliance, for Astoria.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 23— Stmr
Brunswick, hence May 22. I
' KEDONDO — Arrived May 22, and not Coos
Bay— Stmr Melville Dollar, from Tlllamook.
Arrived May 23 — Stmr George Loom Is, hence
May 21.
Sailed May 23 — Stmr James S. HIgglns, for
San Francisco.
SAN PE.DRO— Arrived May 23— Stmr Rival,
hence May 19. with two barges in tow. v
POINT REYES— Passed ' May 23 — Stmr
Grace Dollar, from Portland, for San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed May ¦ 23— Stmr
Santa Rosa for San Diego. ' -
SEATTLE— Arrived May 22— Stmr Al-Ki,
from Skagway, May 23, 2 a m — Stmr Dol.
phln. from Skagway.
Sailed . May . 22 — Stmr James Dollar, for
Valdes. > , .
• Sailed May 23 — Stmr Farallon, for Skagway.
Arrived May 23 — Stmr Cottage City, from
Skagway. , • .
Sailed May 23— Stmr Centennial, for San
Francisco.
Arrived May 23, 4 p m— Stmr Umatllla, hence
May 20; stmr Mackinaw, from San Francisco
Salted May 23 — Stmr City of Puebla for
San Francisco.
PORT L.UDLOW— Sailed May 23— Schr R. W.
Bartlett, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed May 23—
Stmrs Whiteeboro. and James S. HIgglns, for
San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 23— Schr Ma.
weema, from Ballard.
Sailed May 23 — U S stmrs Wyoming, Paul
Jones and Preble, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN,
POINT LOBOS, May 23. 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind NW; velocity 10 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED
Sunday, May 22.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Belllngham.
Monday, May 23.
Stmr Eureka Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr F. A. Kilburn, Jahnsen. Port Rodjers.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, Fort Bragg, with
schr Mary Etta in tow.
Stmr Gualala, Panzer, Benders Landing.
Stmr Asuncion Brldgett, Redondo.
Stmr Whittier, Dlxon. Ventura.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, San Pedro.
• Stmr L.ikrne, C*liriKt<-nseii. Tacoma. .
Stmr Navarro. Weber. Eureka. -..:•¦
¦ Stmr South Bay, Jamie»on, Humboldt Bay.
Schr Mary Etta, Erickson, Sluslaw River, in
tow of Btmr Acme. -
Schr Jennie Griffln. Gibson, 3 hours from
Bollnas.
CLEARED. ¦>
Monday, May 23.
Br stmr Wellington. McKellar, Ladysmlth;
R. Dunsnnuir's Sons & Co.
Stmr Bontta, Nicolson, San Pedro; P C S S
Co.
Stmr Centennial, Strand, Seattle; E. T.
Kruse.
Bark S. C. Allen, Johnson, Port Clarence;
Roth, Blum & Co.
Bktn Archer, Lancaster, Honolulu; Welch &
Co.
ARRIVED.
Monday, May 23.
Stmr Acme. Lundquist, 4Jl hours from Port
Los Armeies.' : . ....
Stmr t-tate of California, Thomas, 40% hours
from San Dieso and way ports. , .
Ptmr F. A. Kilburn, Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Pot Roc'^ers. j •
Strr.i AVhlttler Dixon. 44 hours from As
tir >.
Ger ttmr Hermonthls, Knudaen, I days from
Xanalmo, put in to finish loading.
Stmr Spokane, Patterson, 17 hours from Eu
rrka I
Stmr Nevadan, Greene, 14 day* from Hon
olulu, via Kahulul 8 days 11 boars.
f tnir Del Norte, Payne, 34 hours from Cres
cent C"ty.. ¦ .
Stmr San Mateo. Ross, 8% days from Ta
coma. -
Br bark Pitcalrn Island, Olsen. 89 days from
Caleta Buena.
Schr Conflanza, Johnson, 26 hours from
Notleys Landing.
Schr Charles R. Wilson, Johnson, 8 days
from Gravs Harbor.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. 8 hours from Bo
deea.
Schr Virginia, Nlelson, 5 days from Port
land.
Schr Compeer, Lapping, 12 days from Ana
cortes.
Shipping Intelligence.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
I e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. rri Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. B. N., in charge
Branch Hydrographlo Offlce. U. B. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, j San Francisco, Cal.,
May 24. 1904.
Time Ball.
TUESDAY. MAY 24. -
Sun rise* •••• 4:51
Sun sets •• 7:20
Moon sets 1 :S2 a. m.
O |f lmc Time Time . Time
2. I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? |t W H W L. AV H W
2i 1:201 15 7:ti<5 4.3 1:11 1.4 7:50 5.6
25 2:121 1.0 8:40 4.5 2:00 1.6 8:35 5.8
20 .V.04I 0.3 1>:47 4.C 2:4S 2.1 0:20 5.9
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the oarly morning titles are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
(Jay In the order of occurrence as to time;, the
fourth time column gives the last tido of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
somttlmea occurs. The heights Klven are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Surrey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
Kiven Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane o£ reference is the mean
of the lower 1&"vnj waters. , ,
NEW YORK. May 23.— By slow de
grees and much to the astonishment
of surgeons, Oscar Coller, 20 years old,
is recovering In Harlem Hospital from
a pistol wound which the surgeons
were sure would cause death. In an
attempt to end his life. on May 11, be
cause his sweetheart Jilted him, Coller
fired five shots into his body. One of
the bullets penetrated his lift lung and
grazed the wall of the heart. In a
dying condition, the man was hast
ened to the hospital in an ambulance.
Coller aprjeared to be sinking so rap
idly, that it was not believed he would
live long enough for a surgeon to ex
amine him. \
As not one patient in a thousand, Dh
Manley sayB, recovers from a wound
of this kind, he was inclined to give
Coller up. to expectations,
Coller began to mend. So remarkable
was the case that Harlem physicians,
when they learned of it, visited the
hospital to examine the prodigy. At
first his improvement was hardlv no
ticeable, but gradually he grew strong
er,, until now Dr. Manley says that his
recovery is assured.
"I never heard of a similar case,"
said Dr. Manley. "As a general rule
a patient whose lung has beerT pierced
so close to the heart dies. But this
man also injured his heart, making a
combination which ordinarily would
have caused the death of an average
person."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sydney Rosenfeld's sparkling three
act comedy, "A Possible Case," shows
the Alcazar company in its best light
and draws upon the full strength of
that excellent aggregation. It is the
story of a lady— young and handsome—
who has three husbands— all alive, but
two of whom she had believed to be
dead. Her third (Otto Brinckerhoff)
has a former wife, also believed to be
dead, but who returns simultaneously
witlj the two husbands of the aforesaid
lrdy, and thafs where the fun gets
complicated. The climax comes in the
second act and things are unraveled in
the third. George Osbourne is the vil
lain. Senor Mendoza and his make-up
as the sly Mexican is as good as that
of his Piute Indian which made him
famous twenty-five years ago. Adele
Block personates Violet Mendoza with
her accustomed skill and charm. Ethel
Sorero, the returning wife of the un
happy Brinckerhoff (John B. Maher) Is
in the capable hands of Juliet Crosby,
who ever has been and ever will be a
favorite at the Alcazar. Mr. Durkin
has a light role of frequent appear
ances and is always welcomed for his
frank and unassuming personality.
Frances Starr and Harry Hilliard, the
juveniles of the comedy, are pleasing
figures and contributed much to the
success of the presentation. Messrs.
Conriess, Mason and Walter B'lasco
were as usual up to the mark. Marie
Howe, always bright and clever in her
line, received a fair share of the ap
plause last night.
Seemingly Dying Victim Ral
lies in Hospital and Rap
idly Regains His Strength
"STANFORD UNIVKRSITY. May 23.
The senior class, which graduated a
v.eck ago, leaves the university with
ever $100 of unpaid debts. This is tho
first class to graduate away from a de-
Xirit. and its creditors, as well as the
university authorities, are undecided as
to what course to pursue. The mem-
Itrs of the class are scattered. Presi
dent li. G. Brua and the other officers
have 'derarted. and only the treasurer,
Henry L. Hamilton, stands in the
breach.
Xo one is to blame for the insolvency
cf *04. The various elaborate class?
functions were carefully planned anJ
rhould have more than paid expenses.
The members of the class have paid
two assessments aggregating more
than S5 per capita. The class had set
ci-ide a fund of 5150 to provide for a
jitrmanent class secretary, but this was
nerged in the deficit, together with
several hundred dollars already in the
treasury.
The caterer at the senior ball and
the workmen who laid the brass " "04"
plate will hear the grcttest loss.
brccim Dispatch to The Cull
Xo Ono Is Held to Blame
for ih<> Condition and No
One Seems Responsible
ITayall Strong at Central.
Mansfield's Last' Week at?
Columbia— Tivoli. Chutes
31EMBEKS SCATTERED
HEART'S WALL GRAZED
OTHER BILLS ENTERTAIN
The Lamorna is still on the board at
90 per cent: the Laura is quoted at 15
per cent and the lima and Leyland
Bros, at 10 per cent.
The rate of reinsurance on the steam
er Conemaugh has been advanced to
90 per cent. She is now out 86 days
from Cnronel and her ever reach 1 ng
New York is a matter of grave doubt.
The Pitcairn Island was 89 days
coining from Caleta Buena with a
cargo of nitrate of soda. She has taken
longer by several week3 to make the
run than any of the many vessels ex
cept one that have sailed from the
nitrate norts to San Francisco for the
last fifteen years. The barkentine
Gleaner was 92 days making the same
trip. Nitrate is not considered the
safest of cargoes, and this, with the
vessel's tardiness, caused those inter
ested in her much anxiety. The Pit
cairn Island is well known here. She
is a steel vessel of 1269 tons and was
built in 18SS at Greenock. A £
The overdue British bark Pitcalrn Is
land, which was reinsured at 35 per
cent and for whose safety grave anx
iety was experienced, settled all fears
yesterday by bobbing up over the hori
zon, late but in good condition and
with her dangerous cargo apparently
intact.
the city front (Mission -street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
-of tide is the $ame at both places.
"A Possible Case" Is Full
of Amusing Situations
Concerning Married Life
New York Youth Recovers
From Bullet Wound Sur
geons Regarded as Fatal
Creditors of G I'aduuting Body
at Stanford AVorry About
31any [Jnpaid Accounts
1 . 1 ':-:'t '¦¦
Pitcairn Island, Quoted for Reinsurance at Thirty- Five
Per Cent, Reaches Harbor From Caleta Buena After
One of Longest Voyages Made Within Fifteen Years
OVERDUE BRITISH BARK
ARRIVES SAFELY IN PORT
CLASS OF '04
HAS A DEFICIT
ALCAZAR CROWD
MADE TO LAUGH
PIERCED LUNG
HEALS QUICKLY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1904.
11
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISE2IENTS.
• Italy Words of Praise
for the Great Eiectro-Chemic
Treatment.
A wemaa. who
luid ta&ea jnst
/15k 3fl^a three Electro-
*%. Chemic Treatzaents
¦CS^^*v3^V. Bald: 4 ' Doctor « u *&»
f V_* i^Kvrti sTUffezinir women of
•/ VT £? cf »lf t California only
• / M */?«5ilr! knew of thi« won-
\t*&r' : t>V-\t Ae zfnl treatment
*• ' y^filsB** fzn -would have to
¦ • . • - 1 2^7/i 7 ' l * rent the Palace
* * "*~ £Cot6l to held all
your patients."
A man said: "XJoctcr, I feel like «tand-
lasr on the «treet corner* and ¦hontinjf
taepralse cf Electro-ChemHtry. After
Zf * °L Bnff e*ia«Tt after yean of drna'-
ringr, after years of robbery by qnacka,
tere I find myself, in a few weeks, at
trifling- expense, thoroughly cured by
the Zlectro-Chemic Treatment."
v,* 1^?' •* Ma «*E2>rziE, «a old resident
21^^ 101 * 000 ' P rai « e « tbe wonderful
. lew treatment. Mr. UacKenzle says:
tvi 2SS2! 5-ff2 "2 volunury testimony to
the Eiectro-Chemic Institute. IIS Grant ave..
't?—?^ C £i. aa regar<Je m y <•"« of chronic
bronchitis The very first treatment benefltsd
°* *f a the improvement continued till the
cure was cornp^te. 1 flo also certify that the
Eiectro-Chcmic Spray i P equally effective in
5u.rlr.r4r rh^umatigm. catarrh aRd etomacb
troubles. The Eiectro-Chemic treatment sur-
. irasses any treatment I have used in twenty
yts.16 and the charges are very reasonable.
• . The Eieclro-Chemlc «i>*ciallst who aineyt. at-
t*-c<Jed me did so with the greatest considera-
tion, kindness, e«.rn*£tneiis and skill and I
** wot chanced about from one doctor to
¦ another. #
tfclsM *> „ A - MacKEXZIK.
CC1 Missouri et.. Kan Francisco.
Mr. KacKenzie is a well-known em-
Ulcyc of the TJnlon Iron Works, a* i B
' a rentleiXLaa of tntelUe-ence and Integ-
rity, well known In the city. Xis word
. can be implicitly relied upon
¦ELECTRO-CHEKIC SPECIALTIES:
Xlectro-Chemlctry cures quickly, pain-
lessly and cheaply Cancers, TumorsT Old
TJIcers, Eczema, Bheumatism, Neuralria. I
Z.occmotcr Ataxia, Paralysis, Deafness,
Sead ZToIjes. Insomnia, Groitre. Brisrht's
Disease, Diabetes, JDyrpepsla. PUesT All
Diseases of the Stomach, Liver, Kidneys,
r.laidcr and Bowels, c.n Nervous Dis-
eases and Special Diseases cf Men and
Women.
. ~ree examination, diasmosis, advice
end trial treatment.
HOME TREATMENT.
. The Electro -Chemic Home Treatment cures
Culckly. thoroughly and cheaply. Outside pa-
ti<»nt£ an- loaned an expensive Eiectro-Chemic
• eu>aratas free cf charge. It It always best to
••come lor a personal examination when possible
Most patients *can returnihome the same day|
txklr.g the necessary ho«n# treatment along!
Thos*- who cannot come cbould write for In-
t'tructior.s rrzardinff home examination and
ELEOTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 GBA2TP AVE, Cor. Post St,
; sax francisco. !
• Offlc* hours — 3 a. m W 5*p. m. and 7 to 8
.p DC daily, f.utidays—10 a. m. to 1 p m.
_ tWi'»jfcit ax>arun«.Qts lor ladie« and gentlemen.
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
v<^ H"**Si. Tr »'as leave »nd »re dae
/V(<iTr^v\ tonrrivf) nt
f^^^ZJSAN FRANCISCO.
\^^^^f\y Fkkht Dkfot
N> s>> »_>^ (Foot of Msrket Street )
i"" - MAIN LINE. -»«"'
700a VscsTllir. Winter*. n:i:n«ey 7 53f»
7 CCa Bcnlcla. Salsan, Elmiraand Sacrs-
. menta 7.20P
7 3Ca Vsllejo. Napa. Calistngn. Santa
• Uoss. \fartlrjei. S>*r. Itamon 6-20(»
7 30a Xlle». LlTcrmore. Tracy. Lataroo.
Stockron 7.20P
8-OCa Sh»»t!» Express— (V l» I>a»Is>.
Wllllnnu (for Barclett Sprlncs).
TTHlow* tFruto. Ued Mull,
Portlsnrt. Taroinn. Senttle 7-6O
t CCa T)ATis.Wo<«11snd. Knlicht.i Landing.
MarjsTlile. Orovllle 7.5C»»
8-3CA Port Coots, Martinez. Antlocn,
lirroa. Tracy. Stockton. Sew-
man. Los liinm, Mi-nlotv
Armona. Hsafoni. VI sal la,
rorHTTllIe 4.10*
S-3CA Port Coata. Lntnrop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno, Go»hen Junc-
tion. Hanford, Visaila, Bstcers-
fleld 4.50P
E.3tA Nlles. fi%n Juse. Llvermore. Stnck-
ton. f»Mllton). lone. Swcrsra^nto,
riacerrtile. MsttstIU'. CUIco,
• Re<i nmrr 1 420p
8-3PA Onkctale. Chinese. JamcutowD. So-.
norn. Tuolumne and An*"!* 4.20P
9DPa Atlantic F.xpress— Os'Ien^nd R>»«. 11.29a
9.3CA Klchmrr.d. Martl&ez snd V.'sy
Stations 6.50P
10-COATbs OTerland Lhnltcd — Ogden.
Denver. Oinabit, Chtuugo. 6-20P
IOCOa Vallejo 1220»
1000a Los Anjrel's pssseagst — Port
Costa. Marttnex, Byron, Truer,
Lklhrop. Stockton. Merced,
Kaymoiul. Fresno. Gosben Junc-
tion, llanford. T.emoore. VUalla.
Bakersflffld. Los Ane^les 7-2CP
12.00m nnywant. Kllessnd Way Stations. 3-20P
ti.OOP Sacramento Hirer Steamers tii-OOP
3-30P Bentcin. Winter*. Sucrnmento.
Wootllantl. IvnUbts Lnudliig,
M»ry«vl!le. Orovillo and way
sutlons 10 50A
3 J0p Haywartt. Nlles »nd TV my Stations.. 7 50*
3.30P t'ort Costa, Martlnrz. liyron,
Trscy, Lathrop. M o 4e s t o,
Merced. Berencia, Tresno «nd
Way SUtlonn rtcynnd Port CosU 12-20*
3-30p Tosernltc Valley, via Berend* and
TVawona 85uA
330P MsrUnex. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1020a
4 CCp Martinez.gsn lUmnn. ValleJo.Napa,
CalUtoita. 6ftnt»Kcwa ?*2 A
4 GOp Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20p
4.3Cp Usyw*r>l. T>Il?s. irTlngton. Sun I t9.60A
Jose. Llvermore J {11.50a
BOCp The Owl Limited— N>wra»n, Lo*
ltantM. Menduta, Fresno. Tularo,
BakcrsSeld. Los Angslcs 8 50a
B.CCp Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton ....... 12?0p
t53Cp HsywsrU. N'llcs ii:itl Sun Jone 7.20a
6-OOp Hsy ward. Nlles nnd San Jose 850A
6.C0P Eastern Express — Ojrd»n. Denver,
Omaha. St. Lonts. Chtcaso sad
Kant. Port Coitn, Bcnlcla, 8ul-
snn, Klmlra, l)s*4». Sacramento,
Kocklln. Aabnrn, Col fax,
Trnckre. Boca, Keno. WaJj-
wortb, Wtnnemucca 5 20 P
B.OCp Vsllejo. dally, except Sunday I <* Rn _
70CP Vallejo. Sunday only i ' °°^
7.0CP Hl'-hmnnd. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Mftrtlnez s.nd Way Stations 11.20a
7-C0p Oregon & California Kzpre«s— Ssc-
ramento, Marysvlile, Ke-hCng.
Portland, Pueut £ound and Kast. 0.50a
8 05p Reno Passenger — Truckee, L*'<e
Tahoe 7.50a
8-IOp Bay ward, Nlles and San Jose (Sun-
daronly) 11-SOa
COAST LINE Oarrow «*njte).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7.45a SantaCrazExcun<!oD(Sundsyonly) 8-10*>
8.16a Newark, v'entervllle. San Juse.
- Felton. I'.oulncr Crerk. Santa
Cruz and Way Stuttons 5 5S*>
t2.1Ep Newark. Centttrvllle. San Jose.
New Almaden. L"s Ga:o«. felton,
Boalder Creek, Santa Crui and
Principal Way Stations tiOSSA
4.16P Newark. San Jose, Los Gatoa and) '8 55A
way stations ) J10 BSA
4.1 op Wright, Felton. Boulder Crerk and
Santa Cruz. Saturday and Sunday
only 68SSA
, OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SA)> tUAJIClSCO. k»»i »( Mtrket -»t. (SllpO
-tJ:15 »:00 11:00 A.*. 1.00 3 CO 5.15^.M.
From OAKLAXD. Koot of Broad wsy —f»:W» J3:<»
18:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 T.X.
COAST LINE <lfrnH.Mia.ii*>.
ty"(l'hlrd itml I'.nrnaeml Streets.)
6.10a Saa Jose and Way Stations 6 30P
t7 00a San Jose and W»y Stations 640p
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10-30*
8.00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only). 4-10s»
8 00a The Coaster— Stops only San Jo*e.
Gllroy (connection for Hollis-
ter). Pajaro. Castrovllle (con-
nection to. and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove), Salinas. San
Ardo, Paso Roblcs. Santa Mar
garxsk San Luis Oblspo, principal
ttaisms theace Sort (connection
for toinpoc). principal stations
thence Santa Barhara.San Huenv
ventirra, Burbank. Los Aoseles . 10-45 9
9.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos, Cspltola,
SantAt'raz.Paclflc Grove.Saltnaa,
San Lais Obispo and Principal
Way Stations 4.10P
10.30a San Jose and Way Sutlons 1-20p
11 Santa Clara. San Jose. Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30p
1-3Cp San Jose and Way Stations 8 36a
3 Clip Del Monte Expre»s— Santa Clara.
Sau Jose. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific GrovF> (connects at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Santa
Cruz, Boulder Creek snd Narrow
Gauge Points) at Gllroy for tlol-
lister, Tres Finos, at Psjaro for
Santa Cruz, at Castrovllle for
Salinas : 1215»>
3-30p Tres Plnos Way Passenger 10 45a
4.30P fan Jose and Way Stations t3 00a
to OOP Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos,
. and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) t9-00A
I5-30p 8sn JoseandPrinclpMWty Stations 19.40a
5 45p Banset Limited. — liedwood. San
Jose, Gllroy.Sallnas, Paso ltobles.
San Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles. Uemtng'. El Paso*
New Orleans. Sew Tork. Con-
nects st Pajaro for Stint* Cms
snd at Ca*troTllir> for Pscl9e
Grove and Way Stations 7-10.4,
16-1SP fanMateo.TJeresford.Belmoat.San
Carlos, liedwood. Fair Oaks.
Men.'o Park. Palo Alto 18 48*
6 30p San Jose and Way Stations. 8.30A
B.OOp Palo Alto snd Way Stations 10.154
11.30P South San Francisco, Mlllbrae, Bur-
llngame. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Hed wood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 945p
i11-3Cp Mayneld, MounUIn View, Sunny-
vale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
Esn Jose t9.45»
A for Morntne. '• P for Afternoon.
1Snnd»T excepted. i Snndnr an\r
a Saturday only. 6 Monday only.
I Stops at all sutlons on Sunday.
WOaly trains stopping st Valencia St- southbound
are6:W a.m.. 7:00 a.m., !:'Ji.i., 11:30a. m., 3:3O?.m.,
«:30r.W,.J>.aiU:QQT»-*- . ¦
H TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY, n*
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sansalito Perry.
sxJeurban sekvice. standard gauge.
l>*Dai* (reni s-an Franvlacp, vtfilt daya, at
630 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. U:0O a. m.
(11-40 a. m. Sausallto only), 12:20, 1:43, 3:1»,
i-OO. 4:35. 5:15. 6:5(a 8:25. 7:15. 9:00. 10:20,
11-35 d m. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at' 7:10. 7:15. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. U:0O. 11:40
L m 12:20. 1:00. i:45. 2:30, 3:15. 4:00. 4:35 A
6;15T"5:6O. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. ll:si
'"Arrive at San Francisco, week days, C:1T.
700 735. 8:15, 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a, m..
12 05 1:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. 5:05, 8:40. 8:15.
6 65 '7:53. 10:05, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays tni
leyai holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45, 2:05,
8:60 p. m.
For Fairfax, week day*, depart at 7:45 a. m..
3-15 p. m., 5:15 p. m. fex. Sat.) On Hundays
and lesaf holidays, at 7:45 S 8:30. 8:13, 10:00,
11:00 11:40 a. m., 12:20. 1:00, 1:43. 2:30. 7:ii
and 8*:15 p. m. /::.¦¦
THROUaH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way etatloaa.
• 9:15 a. m.. Sundays only— For Polat Reyes,
etc. f
8:15 p. m. oally except Sunday — For Caxa>
dero, etc. * -
6:15 p. m. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, eto.
1 :15 p. m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
8:15 p. m. Sundays only — For Cazadero. - etc.
TICKET OFFICE— €20 Market it.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia feasaliU Ferry} Arrive
Ban Fraucisco F-t »f Market tt. San Francisco
We*k Sun- aan sau- Week
Days- day. /^WfW^ d - y — J^l*-.
T7"8 r 30T f^St^^ i2;45f 8:4* a
10:00 a V%^5i^9 2:06 P *1 1:05 \
10:00 4. 11:00 a 3 35 p :35 p
1:45 p 12:20 p 6 :f° p 6:1a r
6:15 p f:45r %»/ 6:15 r 10:05 p
;..l 4*35 p 8:80r
• TU erafity Car. * Tmslpals U Bill T*r»y.
Tickkt 4626 Market St. (Nortn Shore Railroad)
Offices land SacsaLITo Fikht, Foot Market 3t.
WEEffCALl
16 Pa^cs. SI pep Year
m » - s* I ' m
BORAXOLOQY
( Boraxology is the new
science of health and life
and happiness. You know
the GreeKs make a god-
dess of Hygeia. Well,
Hygeia was the sister of
Health, and BORAX is a
blood relation.
BORAX is the greatest
cleanser in the world.
There isn't a single place
where you use soap and
water that BORAX can't
be added to advantage.
In the bath, toilet, in the
- laundry, in dozens of ways
it is indispensable in the
home.
To be sure of getting
pure BORAX, ask for
20-MULE-TEAM
BRAND— sold by Drug-
gists and Grocers every-
where, ¦£¦, and 1-lb. pack-
ages.
The famous "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES
FREE to purchasers of "20- Mule-Team" Borax.
At stores or sent for BOX TOP and 4c. in 5 tamps.
Pacific Coast Borax Co., New York, Chicago, Saa
Francisco.
••-.Mule-Team— Our Trade If ark.
* BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
18 A GREAT RESTOKATIVK. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican RemMy for Diseases of tba
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRIINE. Afirents.
323 Market at.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
I CALIFORNIA I
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
I LEAVES OAILY I
I at f):3O a. to.., through In 3 days, I
1 Wlth : - dlner <md * u trapping*. H
Other Santa Fa Trains}
S-30 stl Si for Btoekton. Fresno. BakcrsOeld.
8:00 v. m. J Mtrced. Hanford and VlMlia.
1:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chlcaro.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. F. Also 1118 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 Sonth First St,
San Jose.
1 —
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAE&WA? COUFANT.
Tibuxon Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAZT FRANCISCO TO SAK KAFASXb
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 8:0O, »:0O, 11;W> a. m.;
12:35, 2:30. 3:40, 6:10. 6:50, 6:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.| 1^0,
2:30. 3:40, 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAH BArAEL TO SAJBT FBA1TCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05. 6:S0. 7:35. 7:5O. v.Xi,
11:19 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. S:0o, 5:20,
8:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:13
SUNDAYS— «:80. 7:35. 9:20, 11:15 a. m.: 1:45.
8:40. 4:SO. 6:00, 6:20. 8:23. 7:50 p. m. tEi-
cept Saturdays.
Leave I • In Effect' J ArrlTe
San Fran. | May 1, 1904. | Ean Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Wa«k
Days. I day. \ Uon. | days. ( Days.
TTI 1=30 "¦ I 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a -'C 8:40a 8:4Oa
8:00 a 9:30 a Icnaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
.2:30 p 2,:30p e:0Op 8:20 p
6:10p 6:10p 8:20p 7:25d
7:25 p
* 8:45 p
7:30a 7:30a » 7:45a 7:45a
8:00 a 8:00 a ' Novato. [10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 0:30 a Prtaluma I 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and I 7:25 pi 7:25 p
6:10 p Santa Rosa. [8:45p|
' 7:30 a 7:30 a j 10:20 a|10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 0:20 p
2:30 y 2:30 p . 8:45 p| 7:25 p
Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsbur*. 110:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p 7:23 p
: '_ . Clove rdale. » |
"7:80 al 7:30 at " 'Hcpiand 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p[ 2:30 p| and Uklah. ( 7:25 p[ 7:23 p
|. i .wiiin*. j" i j
7:30 a| T:SO at- Sherwood. ( 7:28 p( 7:23 p
8:00 al 8:0Oal GuernevlU* and 110:20 a[10:20 a
2:30 pf 2:30 pf Camp Vacation. | 8:43 pt 6:20 p
S:O0a 8:0Oa 8:40 at 8:40 a
6:10 p 9:30 a . Sonoma. 6-.0O p 6:20 p
6:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30~a! — — : 110:20 a|10:2» i
2:30 p| 2:30 p| SebastopoL f 7:23 pj 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for 'Whit*
Sulphur Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and
Mark Weet -Sprints; at Lytton for Lyttoa
Springs: at Goyservlllo for Skaggs Sprinra; at
Cloverdala for the Geysers. Boonevtlki and
Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan Sprinss
Highland fcprings, Kelaeyville. CarUbai
Epring*. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
6prln*«. Upper Lake. Porno. • Potter V«u e y.
John Day's. Rlversids. Lleriey's Buknells!
Eanhedrln Heights.^ Hullvllle. Orr-s Hot
fipring*. Half way M House. Comptche. Camp
btevins. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Brag/
Westport. Usal; at WlUlts for Fort Bralv
Westport. Sherwood. ¦ Cahto. Covelo, Layton*
vllle. Cunrunins. Boll's Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen* Dyer. QarbervUle. Pepperwood. Scotia,
and 'Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced iat«s.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to ail poiau
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
.Ticket offlce, 650 Market street. ChronlcU
tulldlnc-
H. C WHITTNO. R. X. RTAN,
. . .. Cen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Aft*
ADVEBTISEJKLELNTS. *
TOE PAIIQC I
InL UHUOl I
UIOCHvL H
B Nine-tenths of all our diseases ' H
H have their beginning with a
CONSTIPATION
IS It is a duty we owe to our tl
H body to secure a free move* ||
Gj ment of the bowels once every |f
|j day. The one reliable remedy H
II for constipation is r|
HUNYAOI JANDS
I THE NATURAL LAXATIVE WATER. I
|j Half a glass on arising gives m
|i prompt and pleasant relief. . |j
I OHE WLWR ;|
I The Marshall I
I ' Fountain Pen 1
|H Fitted with a 14- r|
IP karat gold pen and a &|
HI perfect feed. Egg
la It is the best pen Ej
Is ever sold for a dollar Eg
11 and is equal to many ||1
M pens sold for a larger f 4
rjl We guarantee it fc£{j
;H fully. Money back |Si
|g| if unsatisfactory. Wjl
1 V ' fOR SAL13 BY : - . f yj
¥M§: ' THAT KAZTPITTS, I&-J
gjg F. W. PITTS. The £$gf
g»J • Stationer. . e£L
J 1008 MARKET ST., -^^
San Francisco, ,THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY; MAY 24, 1904.
12
EMPLOYJimST OFFICER
GEORGE AOKI, 421 "Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese - Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help: etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chln«se help. 426 Powell st Tel. Main 6752.
GRAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
offlce. 415 Stockton st Tel. Grant 168.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Loon Seuag's. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; nil kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51 S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY ft CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A — A NUMBER of reliable cooks, second girls,
waitresses laundresses, nurses, maids, seam-
stresses hotel help and housework girls are
now registered for work. We can fill any or-
der we may receive entirely satisfactorily at
the present time, as a number T>f desirable
help axe coming from the East. Address,
call or telephone to MISS PLUNKETT' S
EMPLOYMENT REGISTRY. 425 Sutter St..
near Powell; tel. Main 5472. N. B.— Offlce
hours 8:30 a, m. to 5:30 p. m.
NURSES— Two German and one American
nurse with best of references wish situa-
tions S*e J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Su-
ter st
A COMPETENT girl would like a situation:
cooking and downstairs work: no objection
to country. 70«H Birch are., off Buchanan st
A?* experienced young German nurse; .full
charge Infant; flrst-class reference; wages
$30 $35. 308 Eddy st.
A WOMAN wishes situation for general house-
work; is a good plain cook; no objections
to small wash. Address 410 Franklin st.
AN experienced girl wishes housework, Ameri-
can family; is good cook; city or country;
wages $25. Box 15. 1008 Market st
AMERICAN woman with a child, good cook,
wants work, country. 324 Mason st.. phone
Black 2306.
WAITRESS, experienced, wants position: ho-
tel or restaurant; city or country. 324 Ma-
son st, phone Black 2396.
A HOSPITAL mirse will care for Invalid, city
or country: will travel; please state case;
$35 per month. Box 907, Call offlce.
A GOOD, reliable woman wishes situation to
do. general housework. Apply 31 Fulton st.
A TRAINED nurse going East will give her
services for ext>enses. Box 917. Call offlce.
A WOMAN with a little boy wants house-
keeping position, city or country; home more
and object than wages. Address five days.
MRS. E. BELL. 834 . Page st.
RESPECTABLE young woman wants steady
place as laundress by th« day. Call 2525
Lombard st, near Broderick; no cards an-
swered.
GERMAN woman, good cook, wishes position
in small family to do light housework; coun-
try only. 234 Minna st
GERMAN woman with a child, good cook,
wants work; country. 324 Mason st; phone
Black 2306.
A RELIABLE girl desires engagements to
stay with children when parents wish to go
out. Call or address 346 Fifth ave., near
Point Lobos.
YOUNG woman wants situation to mind chil-
dren or assist In housework or in delicacy
store; call afternoons. 613 Larkln st
POSITIONS by man and wife as Janitor in
small office building. Address R. J. S.. 4
Cheela place.
A WOMAN wants work by the day, washing
or housecleanlng; willing to work. F.WAITS,
43 Minna st.
MIDDLE 1 - AGED American woman wishes
housekeeper's position: small family; city or
country. Address A. N.. 92 Fourteenth st.
SITUATION wanted by flrst-class fitter for
'leak and suit house or fine dressmaker.
Box 82, IOCS Market st
AN accomplished young lady elocutionist ac-
customed to travel desires situation as com-
panion to refined lady. Box 3920. Call.
WANTED — Position by respectable young
lady: references. Address Box 349. Call.
WANTED — Position as etenographer or book-
keeper; city or country. Address box 24, Call.
POSITION as waitress small restaurant in
Oakland. Box 1177. Call office. Oakland.
A LADY wishes to go out washing by the
day. Apply 256 Bryant st.
STENOGRAPHER wants situation; best ref-
erences. Box 3SS, Call.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper or offlce
work; references. Box 344. Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church stsu
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
WANTED by an active, middle-aged man.
handy with tool?, do vegetable and small
fruit gardening, take care of horse and
make himself generally useful: private fam-
ily preferred. Address E. E. M.. Call office,
111S Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED by elderly man. a Job on chicken
ranch; understands care of chickens; some-
what of Incubating; handy with tools. Ad-
dress E. E. M.. Call offlce, 1118 Broadway,
Oakland.
FRENCHMAN, 24 years, has traveled a good
deal abroad, speaks and writes English and
Italian, wishes situation of any kind, city or
country. Box 921, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man wants to serve apprenticeship
al a good trade or work at something where
there la a good chance for advancement.
Box 923. Call offlc?.
XX experienced German butcher and sausage-
maker wants situation In city or country.
H. SCHCTZ. 202 Sixth St.
EXPERIENCED Janitor and porter wishes
work. Box 922; Call offlce.
JANITOR Job (steady) wanted by middle-aged, 1
experienced man. Box 937, Call offlce.
STEADY, sober man. age 20, wants any kind
of work: small wages. Address box 947, Call.
ELEVATOR operator, man 34. recently from
the East, desires employment in hotel or of-
flce building. Box 920, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-aged barber wants Job In small coun-
try town. Address BARBER, box 908. Call.
A FIRST-class wood turner and band sawyer
wants Job. Call 313 Minna st.
A BRIGHT younr man, good all round clerk,
some experience In underwear business. 4
years last Dlace. wants any position where
advancement could be had: best city refer-
ences. Box 391. Call offlce.
YOUNG man. 22 speaks and writes English,
Spanish. French, wants position In a «tore,
clerk, offlce work or anything else; can fur-
nlsh references. Box 370. Call. «
A STRONG and reliable youns man. 23. wishes
a position to do general work about whole-
sale or retail store; country preferred: can
also drive team; references. Box 3S9. Call.
A TEMPERANCE young coachman, gardener,
milk cows, wants work in private family;
good references if required. J. JONAS.
Berkeley, Cal. ¦ » '
ACTIVE, capable man. middle aged, strictly
temperate, would like situation to care for
gentleman's country place; could handle
small dairy. Box 002. Call.
COMPETENT and experienced orchardlst
wishes to take charge of large property; best
or references given. Address F. FRANK.
P. O. box 271, Lodl. Cal.
A STUDENT (young man) will do chorea; ob-
ject home more than wages; Al references.
Box 30. Call office. . .
EXPERIENCED offlce man seeks position as
bookkeeper; is- also competent stenographer.
'Address box 251, Call office.
A STRONG youth (20) of German parentage
wishes Dositlon in grocery or as porter; has
experience. Box 345. Call offlce.
I MIDDLE-AGED gentleman with steady position
wants to rent room with workingman's fam-
ily. Address box 351, Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like work. B. F. FLAN-
DERS. 11 Natoma st.
WANTED — Position as barber. Box 143, Call.
WANTED — Position as porter In wholesale
house. Address Box 23, Call office.
EXPERIENCED elevator operator wants posi-
tion. : N. G.. 12 Geary court.
YOUNG man would like position as clerk In
hardware store. Box 82, .¦ Call.
BOY' wants to work, in a barber shop. Box
106. Call offlce. .
WANTED— A> position as cashier: best of
references. Address box 93. Call offlce.
JAPANESE, honest' boy, wants position aa a
? «chool boy. . 420 O'Farrrtl ; st. • <
A— «25f>0; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
ket St.; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a flrst-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny ct. '
A— $250; BOTTLE beer route; well established.
S<"«* R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $2750; CORNER ealoon on Market St., in-*
chiding 7 rooms; rent $100; return rents $80;
lease; a first-class location and well estab-
plished place. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kear-
ny st.
A— $P5O : CIGAR stand, with 4 years' lease;
rent $20; one of the best transfer locations
In this city: place easily clearing $100 per
month. See R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A— $2O00; SOAP factory; a splendid and well-
estaMished business; also manufactory of
washing powder; owner will allow buyer to
investigate bUFiness-for 14 days. See R. G.
WILKE. 26Vs Kearny st.
A— $700; SALOON with long lease In choicest
part cf this city; rent $40; a good paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny.
A — $600— CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
ruble house; place eetab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 26&
Kearny st.
A — DRUGSTORE — drugstore — drugstore; price
$4500; established 27 years; lease "8 years;
rent $G0; one of the best paying stores in this
city; own*r to retire. Call K. G. WILKE,
26V4 Kearny et.
A — $600; BUTCHER shop on Mlss'.on St.; rent
$16; dally receipts $55; kept by owner 6
years; proprietor to see exposition in St.
Louis cause of sale. R. O. WILKE, 26V&
Kearny et.
A— 1100; CORNER saloon with 7 rooms on
Bryant et.; rent $50; place surrounded by
factories and warehouses; a good business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2d^ Kearny st.
A — $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds.
gOL-d furniture, leaee. place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26*» Kearny st.
A — $500; PARTNER wanted in chophouse and
coffee saloon; open day and night; a flrst-
flase rropoettlon. See R. G. WILKE, 2t>^
Kearny ex.
A — $2500; DAIRY depot and route; dally sales
M' cans; 8 horses. 4 wagon«, etc.; most pri-
vate customers ;* business kept by owner 10
years; a good-paying Investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A— $500: BUTCHER shop; estab. years; all
cash trade; $40 per day; rent $20; best lo-
cation; a bargain; owner must leave. Sea
R. G. WILKE. 20K Kearny at.
A — $350; branch bakery and delicatessen
Ftore with 4 roome; rent $25; flne location:
good business. Be« 'XL G. W1LKIE. 2«tt
K**rny et.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Etockton sts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; flret-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A— $900; SALOON, vicinity Taylor & Turk sts.;
rent $50; this Is a good paying and old es-
tablished business; a workingman's place:
rare chance. See R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny.
$3000 — GROCERY and bar, on Fourth St.. about
1 block from Market et. ; lease; good paying;
ertabliFhed years; sickness only cause of
tale. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business; store receipts about $60 per day:
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
ca*h or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call K. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st
A — $750; SALOON on Montgomery st. ; place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month; investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st .
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; flne
proves; oti-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for busin<Bi?; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay, vegetables; all
kinds of fruit: rent $500 p«>r year; equity in
this S250O; death in family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR tale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business: cheap rent; ?>% years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
ing tine business; other interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade—^Quartz mine: flne prospect;
located in Cal.; a*i=ays $40 to $70 tun; trade
for rmg..hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale, or will trade — 6 acres Inside city
limits; one of best Interior cities In Califor-
nia: house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
nil kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR tale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location: established 9 years; reni
$30: clears $30 to $100 per month; price $50<»;
must sell on account other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. a Eddy et.
FOR rale — Carriage and waxon factory and
general jobbing : established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools,
etc.; full investigation and trial given; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON &. CO.. 3 EDDY st.
$500 WILL buy a good-paying, well-located,
old-established meat market; flne .family
trade: a bargain. Apply H. G. MEHRTENS.
Railroad ave. and Webster st, Alameda.
FLORIST business; old established; flne loca-
tion; rent $35; 3 living rooms; failing health
cause of selling; a genuine bargain. Box
34S0. Call offlce.
SALOON men. attention — Bargain to-day only;
•good-paying corner saloon near Market st. ;
lease; full etock; make offer. Call 140 Fifth.
A.NICE restaurant; In good location: must be
sold; cheap; closed now; owner sick. Apply
127 Second st
DAIRY for sale; well stocked; horses, wagons,
cows, etc. ; with an 85-galIon milk route.
Address box 181. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Store fixtures, with or without
Ftock: fin*- living rooms. 10s Turk ct. ; piione
Howard 3456.
HOTEL and dining-room in the growing town
of Point Richmond for sale; flne trade. : Box
3971. Call office.
_
NOTION, stationery and cigar store for sale
in country town in California. Address box
15C. Call offlce.
$K00 — SMITH'S candy kitchen and factory,
best-paying retail randy business south of
Market st. F. A. SMITH, 241 Eighth st.
CIGAR stand in good location on Market st.
for sa!e cheap. Apply 640 Howard st.
FOr. sale — Well-located branch bakery. Ad-
dt—i box 1185. Call offlce, Oakland.
FOR sale — General merchandise store In Wash-
ington: »mall town in agricultural and min-
ing locality; rood substantial trade; will sell
Ftock and lease buildings. . Address for fur-
ther particulars, box 1S7. Call offlce.
$1100 — HOTEL In northern part of State for
sale; everything In first-class running order;
good trade; ilve town: must sell or will take I
a partner, one that can take charge of the 1
business. Box S7C7, Call office.
$t50O— ALL or part of a popular cash retail
business for sale; doing $40,000 per year; 25.
I>er cent profit; owner compelled to leave
State. Address WILL M. BEGGS. attorney,
San Jose. Cal. '
AN old established good paying bakery for
sale; a flne opportunity for a practical
baker. Inquire bet. 11 a. m. and 1 p. m..
H. G. MEHRTENS. cor. Webster st and
Railroad ave..' Alameda.
$18.000— GENERAL merchandise store In Cen-
tral California doing a business of $40,000 per
year. Address for full particulars, princi-
pals only, box 144, Call office...
FOR sale — General merchandise and forward-
lnr business In northern country town of
glowing importance on S. P. R. R.; splendid
opportunity. Box 138, Call offlce.
FOR eale^ — Corner grocery with bar and 4 llv-
ing rooms; lease; good for man and wife. 231
Fourteenth St., corner Minna.
WANTED — Lady or gentleman with $500 to
take half interest In a canvas show. Call
at 1172 Harrison st . • • ,
OYSTER and chop house for sale; no reason-
able offer refused. 603% Post st.
FOR sale — Bakery with large stock; good loca-
tlon and reasonable rent 715 McAllister st
ESTABLISHED hotel business and bar for
gale; good proposition. 14 Washington st
$300— PASTRY and candy: electricity: cen-
tral; 3 finely furnished rooms. Box 380, Call.
FOR . sale-^-Dellcatessen store; fully, equipped;
good location. Box 198. Call office. ...
DELICATESSEN store for eale. $300: living
.rooms, rurnlsb.ea. Box 193, Call olfic«, *
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trance business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market, st.. Gait House.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS* materializing se-
ances Wednesday Friday, Sunday evenings;
50c. 328 Ellla stJ_
W. G. Kecgan holds test seances every night
except Sat.: 10c; sit. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
night, 10c. 619 McAllister st. ; come, skeptics.
PROP. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
«lat«-writer. 1112 Eddy at. Throe Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge
, Unless you obtain the Information for
which ycu consult him. J ;
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell yon If
husband, wife nr lover is true or false: who and
when you will marry; how to gain the lova of
the one you desire: "in fact," I will tell you |
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and indisputable; be Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the .highest possible development In . mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power implaated In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lest vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures: gives you success
in life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his nervlces.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. — Cloned Sunday.
32ti O'Farrell st.— 326.
THE FUTURE REVEALED.
THE PAST. DISCLOSED.
A — For a reliable and intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE. 428 Eddy st.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Eet PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you. find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remfdy. •
He is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he Is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading is not a life reading When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
eive you a full life reading for $1. A test
is of llttlo valued when the mind Is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
/Permanently located 428 Eddy St.; 3 sep-
arata reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours, .10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; it you are in trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles,- con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in I
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed: readings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
ELLSMERE, greatest clairvoyant and psychic
.palmist; if In trouble or doubt consult him;
better than Cheiro or San Germaine: original,
exact, reliable; each line and mark of the
hand explained as never before; teaches and
develops others by an unfailing method; his
clairvoyant work Is unequaled: advises on
mining, law love, marriage, health and. all
affairs of life. Parlors 2 and 3. 1007^ Mar-
ket St., near Sixth.
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
Bt'c, g. by cards $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
elt., $1 50. 312 Mason St., near Geary.
A— Miss M. Wille, .".SO Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal s>wr and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques- '
tion: names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubks, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. COc; G.. 51. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and bus. medium, read dally $1 : develop-
ing class Thursday 8 p. m. 612 Eddy st.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenb»rg.palmlst. clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fail try me.good readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.O.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given: 25c up. 8.'»5 Howard. bet.4th.t5th.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2t>ii Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c
MME ODELL returned ;clalrvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves ;25c up. Lower flat. 532 Ellis.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, give names, date
and facts; readings dally. 017 Market st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23'.£ 6th; 1. 25c. g. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la, 25c:
gents 50c. 951 Mission st.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. MASKAU. card reader: I. 25c. g. 50c;
Wednesday only, 1. 10c, g. 25c. 120 6th st.
SPIRITUAL healer; successfully treats all dis-
eases; 2 treatments. 038 Golden Gate ave.
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. EHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
tlngs dallv. 4i*V, Jessie wt.. bet. 5th and fith
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected fcr $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 413
• Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. Main 55S0.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 50; fillings, BOc;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting COc; gas given.
FREE examination . with chart at the New
York Dentists, 069 Mission St.. SE> cor. 6th.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 60 up; crowns, $2 up;nlllngs,25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.l4,lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings, 75c: silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Suttr.
A*"WEEK f S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
' 16 pwges. In wrapper, for mailing, tt per year.
ilKE>.vMAKKllS AND SKAMSTUKssKS
ACCORDION, sunburst and knlfe-plalUng.
Stewart's button and buttonhole factory. 110
Taylor st.: tel. Folsom 2121.
LESSONS In dressmaking Sats. or evgs-. by ap-
potntment.MISS CAMPBELL.C59 Clay st..r.ll
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery school —
Patterns cut to measure: «*vf. claws. 1018 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home . In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 801-
025 Golden. Gate ave.
A BIGGER school • than ever. On June 1 we
; move to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
St.. near Third. More i.pace, finer rooms,
better light. Finest in the West. Come and
see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE, now at
1236 Market Bt.
PAINTING lessons, oil and water color, by
1 Gordon Coutts, studio 305 Larkln St.; ex-
hibitor Royal - Academy, Paris Salon and
gold medalist; pictures now on view at Ken-
nedy & Co.'s, 10 Post st. " ,
1 HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions: Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
- ket St.; established 18 years; special discount
durli^g month of June. i ¦
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electrlclty. 24 Post
it., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech., sur-
• vey,- assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
DANCING — Professor Flndlay has reopened his
Juvenile elapses at Flndlay's Hall. 17th st:
Saturday 2 to 5; private lensons dally.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc.. $4
mo. T Western Business College.. 1107 Market.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. £> per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 82S Haight at.
KENT Law School:' day and night: send for
. particulars.- 535 Parrott building.
PIANO lessons. 25c; half hour. MRS. PECK,
.•experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALB1.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
180 rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
.rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $000 per month ;
close In; full nice people: bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
1 14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $300.
108 rooms; cheap rent; flrst-class up-to-date
commercial house: clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric ele\ator.
lights; long .lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month, one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
160 rooms; beautiful corner; 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
in city; call for terms and particulars.
8 rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
.162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; flne entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $100 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per "year.
7-room flat;' rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness: price $350.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $S5: oak fur.:
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
60 rooms; new, modern apartment house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; flrst-class proposition.
28 room*; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing flne business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease: flne
downtown locations 2 entrances; everything in
flrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing * now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
13S rooms; downtown commercial hotel; 8
years' lease; cheap rent; elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities to secure first-
class hotel; owner has other business; pan
cash: balance time.
63 rooms; best downtown transient hou*e In
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; flne little apart-
ment house; sickness; must Fell; 6nap; $WX>.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $(500 per month: must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month: $1000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
cood lease.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; Krand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $100 to $500
lxr month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes In $30 to $40 per clay, transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
108 rooms: cheap rent! new and elegantly
furnished, 'ip-to-ilate rooming-house; has flne
bar; can be run In conjunction if dc«lred: rare
chance for right parties: part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house: other business
Interests demand immediate departure.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business, for exchange or trade, always on I
hand.
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. .
MARION GRIFFIN.
40fl Hearst bids., over Examiner entrance,
cor. Third and Market sts; phone Black 0607;
hotels, rooming and apartment houses for
talc.
1. Cut out this 10-line ad.
2. Would vou like a business location?
3. Would you like a respectable house?
4. Would you like a hou-f clearing
r>. $175 ?er month over all expenses?
(I. We can show you such n house.
7. A house that v;e can recommend.
R. You need only pay $1500 down.
:>. Call and we shall show you the hous*.
10. MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner bldg.
SUTTER st.. 23 r. ; rent $75; clears $98 month;
all men: respectable; a bargain; $1500: weil
furnished. . MARION GRIFFIN.
NEAR Market: 31 rooms; price $1:100; cl«ars
$100: lease; rent $110. MARION GRIFFIN.
LOW rent; only $.ifl for 23 rooms: 3 floors;
income $S"> over rent: near Market: price
. $1500; part cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
LOOK at the price — $750 — for 14 rooms, near
Eddy and Van Nes9; on sunny side of street;
it's a snap. MARION GRIFFIN.
N. B. — That we can sell you a 21-room house
full of roomers (clearing $72 a month) for
$1200; that you need only pay a little money
down; we lend you the balance, payable in
Installments. MARION GJUI-'FIN.
SICKNESS compels sale of a 31-room house In
which the profit for 1CKXJ was $2550 over all
expenses-; price $2000; nice looking bay-win-
dow house. MARION GRIFFIN.
HAVE We a hlKh-dass 100- room housj? Yes,
two of them; one is downtown and one near
Nob Hill; both strictly flrst-class; both
buildings new and modern: th« business of
each will bear the closest Investigation; both
elegantly furnished. MARION GRIFFIN.
TWO SWELL DO- room houses; one full of men
roomers clearlnu $300; one a swell family
hotel clearing $450. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT; EXTRA well furnished: quleC;
30 rooms: lease; clears $250; could be made
to <21ear $500; price $35Oi>: part rash.
- MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner: rent $125. ...$4500
10a rooms; clears $350; low rent $6500
80 rooms; furniture nearly new ...$3800
40 rooms; fine location, north of Market. $1000
4« rooms; in Oakland; new; rent $00.... $2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent $600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL. *"
CARHOLL. 212 Kearny Bt.
50 ROOMS; sunny corner house; all outside
bay-window rooms; east, south and west ex-
posures; with lease; rare opportunity; Inves-
tigate. Kox 34S1, Call office.
$175 BUYS 13-room hous$; rent only $30; this
Is a bargain and will go at once. Inquire
1007^ Market St.. room 1.
LODGING-HOUSE of 23 rooms for sale; well
furnished; all rooms full; price $2750; rent
$200; investigate this. Box 3S3S, Call.
SNAP— Corner; 2 floors; bu9. location; folding
beds; must be sold; gas ranges. Box 341, CSll.
FOR eale — Furnished modern flat; cheap, €41
McAllister st.
$450—7 ROOMS; newly furnished house; cheap
rent: going East. 312 Mason St.. near Geary.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United Statps or Cnnnda one year 'or $1.
LODGING-HOUSES; WANTED.
WANTED — Lodging-house to rent of about 15
or 16 rooms, not to exceed $50. Address H.
D. LA THAN. 1255 California* at. *
1 CAIIPET BBATIXO AND CXEANI1VG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal; carpets and rugs are
also cleaned by compressed air at shop;
prices moderate. S. . F.' Compressed Air
Cleaning Co., S08 Market St.; phones Main
152 and Bush 470. ' . ¦
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 35.V357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.'
'AT ¦MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St., clean-
lng & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S03 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating \ Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East ; 126. ,
HOPKE BBOS.; excellent carpet beating; 'mat-
treesea made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co. .402 Sutter «t.;
: tel Main 354. . GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
¦ reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlsslon 203
' cape: nobie:.
TICKET office for all points in Alaska. C.-F.
MOORE, 927 Market stl.- room 300. Next
¦ »teamer June 2; |75 first class. ,
JOHN J>. SPB^CJCEXMS^J^pxittOT^^
jflna f^Bunnrtratim Q Bffll MflWm liOHOr
\V\ J. MARTIN\.. J^.Bus5^css_Manacer
ten: dollars reward.
Notify The Call Office if You Miss
Your Paper.
If for any cause THE CAIiIi 1« not de-
livered reg-ularly to subscribers Vle**e
call np "CAXXi EXCHANGE" and notL.y
Subscription Clerk ia cbarjre. Tour com-
plaint will receive prompt attention.
A Etandins" reward of Ten Dollars
mo.OOl is offered tor tHe arrest and
cfcnvictlon oi any one caturnt steallnsr
TK£ CALL.
TELEPHONE.
Atk for THE CALL. The Operator "Win Con-
nect Tou With the Department Tou Wlsn.
Publication Office Market and Third. B. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson ¦*.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per ™£< 7I
Ct*. Per Month. SiTigle Ccptes B Ct§.
5*itzs by Mail. Including Postage (Cash "Wltn
Order): „ „
DAILT CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 year JS-TO
liAILy CALL (lnclud. Sunday) « mos 4 ; W
XjAILY CALL— By Single Month •»«
* CUNUAV CALL. 1 Tear *-J™
WXEKLT CALL. 1 Year l - m
r Dallv.. .$8. 60 Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN j Eunday. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
POSTAGE. \ weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eairple Ccples will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall »ub*crlbers in ordering change of ii;
erers ehould be particular to give both M<w
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prempt &ad correct compliance wlta tnelr r«-
CJMSC
OAKLAND OFFICE:
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELET OFFICE:
S14S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CCrtP.ESPONDENT:
EAUUEL \V. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Artoria Hotel: A- Brezttano. 31
Ci-ion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; FUth-ave-
sye Hctel and HcCman Huo&e.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Nrrthern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hole!; I 'aimer House.
CHICAGO RF.PRESENTATTVE:
C GEORGE KR.OGNESS..Marquette B-jV.d'.ng
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 261fl.">
•• NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
5TEPHES B. SMITH Uo Tribune Building
• •• . NfcW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
• t. C. CARLTON Herald Square
F^FIN'EFS OFFICE cf th» San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third ftreets; open
uttii 12 oclork »wry nlcftt in the year.
' - BRANCH OFFICES:
*I00S< Mfi'rket itrect, opposite Firth; opea until
11 p. ia. .
f?T -• MoctRtsmery street, corner Clay; opea
until 1K30 p. in.
.SOU "Hayes street; open until 9:30 pu m.
C33 McAllister street; open until »:30 p. m.
£15 l^arkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
3M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
S261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
until u p. m.
ICfi Eleventh ttreet; open until 9 p. m.
JOp« Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cp*n until 9 r>. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky street*; open until 9 p. m.
2=00 Fill more etreet; open until 9 p. m.
TO SIHSCRIBERS I/RAV1XG TOWN
IX) R XHB SUMMER-
.CAX.X. subscribers contemplating a
chancre of residence during: the summer
months can cave taeir oaper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify-
ing TU.E CALL Cosiness Offlce. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
agent in all towns on the coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No 5 R. A M ©
will meet THIS rTUESDAY) EVEN- >Jy
ING. May 24. at T:Ui> o'clock. M. M. /V\
Degree. By order of th» H. P.
J FRANKLIN II. DAY. Secretary.
' MISSION Charter No. 79. R. A. M.— »
Special meetlr.sr THIS (TUESDAY) VY
EVENING. T;00 o'clock. M. if. De- /V'
gree. By order of the H P
j_j__ JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
GOLDHN GATE Lodjre No. 30 F. and «
A - M.— Cal^d meeting THIS' (TUES- XeV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. t^\
Second degree. l!y order W. M.
' __; EDWIN L. MKYEK. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodrc No. 144 F and~A m
M— First I>-rr"e THIS (TUESDAY) VV
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /Vv
A. S. HUBBAIID, Secretary. ;
MAGNOLIA Lodfre No. 29, I. O. O .-iiara-
F.— Initiati n THIS (TUESDAY) .-^*SbJS&
EVENING Please :.tv::d •"-*^*afj£"5
Kl^'.D METZGER. N. G. '<^W^
SAMUEL l'OLACK. Secretary.
8 UNITED Artisan*' Assembly *
No. i:00. m^ets Jn Red Men's /^ ' K Jil
Hall. .'£0 Post ct., EVERY Iff /xjMff
TUESDAY at 8 p. m. Arti- "j /FySSL
*ans. please attend. MRS. 114 /¦ \r*
JENNIE McE. GAL- \$(ultf*\l
BREATH. Assistant Grand J^Xj | H
THE Cal»donian Club will hold its y ry «^
thirty-«-lchth annual gatherinK ar.d r» 3/1
p&Bi's at Sh^ll Mound Park. MON- V:Tk^
DA)'. May 2r. IJKi*. Renowned ""t^t
athletes of the Par!flc Coast, from the East.
r1«o from Australia, will compete. Over
$3<iO0 will be distributed fn prices. In ad-
dition a go!d medal valued at Sl!50 ¦will te
awarded to the b*st player on the ba^pip*-*
_,» of Scottish rational airs. Highland dancing
Kin *platlorm bjr lad* and lassies in costume.
Programme* dpscribinsr over forty
will be distributed in th<« c:ty; also across
the bay; get on--. Full bands for the pa-
vilions: dancing in the pavilions until 8 p.
m. Visitors will be accorded a genuine
Highland welcome. Buy round trip tickets
for Khrll Mound Park. Admission to grounds
—Adults, ZtOc; children 2.V.
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chier.
3. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
ANNUAL Mect;r.p— The regular annual meet-
Itik of the stockholders of the Iiankerb' In-
Vf-ttnient Company will be he;d at the office
Vif , the rom;>ar.y, at the Nevada National
Bank of San Franclrco. en THURSDAY. June
2. :S04. at .1 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose
f.f electirs a board cf director* to serve for
the enruir.sr y^ar and the transaction of such
o other buElnrts as may come before the meet-
isg. 1. '>V. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
Acxevn wasted.
ACENTS— An egpney for a proposition that !«
a decided improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Gr^at Western Improve-
ment Coinjiar.y. Parrctt building.
WB want a number of live, hustling men at
fare to ranvats in the city; liberal terms.
Apply to WHte Machine Co., 300
Po>t st. and 1M1 Killreore nr.
A-TTOrtMSYS-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for email fee.
6«-e me and nve money; no r>ay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
l>tablish»d 22 yr*.; ima. 1. 2, X4 A G.ltt a..
J122 Market Ft., between M*s4n end Taylor.
Advice free nil matters. Defectives employed.
It W. KING, Attorcey-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
6th Coor. entrance room 611; established 20
years; all cases, general court and offlce prac-
tice; no 'ee In advance cr for conpuHation-
*ven!ng» by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance; all law burlneer; offlce
open Saturday evenings. Sl» Market St.. r. 31.
DIVORCE — Costs. 512; quick, <juiet: advice
free: all law business: no charge unless suc-
cessful: open eveninjrs. 927 Mart.'.', room 301.
DIVORCE law a Fpeclalty; no puDlicity: advice
Jrte; costs $12 Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 21U9. S. F.
L. 6. CLARK. R27 Market at.; consultation
fr**: no feet In advance; open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
Ifi d«'». in wrapper, for -latlinr. $1 p^r y#*r
ASTHMA JEKCTT.
A. Dl Kola's Actbma Remedy relieves tnstast-
Irr 10c. 2Sr Me. 1602 Market. Pt. XlchoU«.
AUTOMOBILES.
A\ RAMBLER automobile for sale. Address.
box S76C, Call offlce. .
AUTOMOniLE wanted; SUnhcpe preferred.
Hex ZhiQ, Call ©Iflce,. ¦ *
EMP1.OV3IENT WAJTTKD— HALB.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
ALL-ROUND bookbinder, finisher and glider.
speaks very little English wishes steady po-
sition ; $12 a week. Box S3. 1008 Market at.
PAINTER will work reasonable: has all tools.
Address Painter. 1210 Mlaelon st.
Painter, paper-hanger, signwriter. wants ~orte;
/ tools furn. 1272 Folsom Bt.; phone Mint 131.
GOOD Japanese (young boy) wants a position
to do housework or store work, wash aUnea-
YOSHIOKA. 465 Jesale st.; phone Mint 591.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants position to d»
cooking and plain washing. S. MORI. SO.
Polk st. ,
JAPANESE flrst-class. cook with 7 years' expe-
rience wishes position. U. MINE. 10 Chel-
sea place. j
JAPANESE boy wants position to do cooking
housework or general help. KAWA. 1611
Railroad ave.. AlameJa. _^
CHINESE boy wants position In private faaa-
ily; flret-class cook. 807 Washington st.
~~~ FLATS LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant bouse* and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department; over 100O
in number: a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will sav« you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-239
Geary St.. on the square.
OAK. 2027-37, facing Panhanfile^ — Six elegant
' new flats: sun. light; Just completed; 6-7
rooms and bath; rent reasonable; on prem-
Isee from 2 to 4' Sunday. Agent. C. H.
UMBSEN A CO., 20 Montgomery st.
CENTRAL ave.. 71. near Haight — Cheapest.
sunniest, up-to-date flat, 8 large rooms and
bath; must be seen to be appreciated: reason-
able to good tenant.
ELEGANT new modern flats; «-7-7 rm». ami
bath; finely finished; gas and electricity: 2
toilets. 2351-5-7 Bush. nr. Pierce; aee to-day.
MASONIC ave.. 1317. near Park — Elegant sun-
ny up-to-date upper flat; reasonable rent to
the right party.
FOURTEENTH. 1S2A— Nice furnishefl flat for
housekeeping: 4 rooms, bath: sunny side of
street; rent $27 50. Call after Sunday.
CAPP. 1006, nf-ar Twenty-flfth — New sunny: 3
rooms; modern; yard; rent reasonable.
COLE. 426. near Page — Elegant 7-r. upper flat:
every room sunny: overlooking G. G. Park.
DEVISADERO. 728. cor. Fulton — Modern cor-
ner flat. 7 rooms and bath.
LAKE. 740-742^ — New flats, 6 rooms each; rent
$25-$30; flne view. ,
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
NEW. 'comer, upper flat. 6 rooms, bath; ma*
rir.e view; reduced. 2294 Filbert st.
SUNNY * rooms and bath; rent $22 50. Walnut
St.. between Sacramento and California.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath. N.E. cor-
ner Broadway and Leavenworth «t.
TO let — Sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1730
Ellis St.. near Steiner.
UPPER flats. 5-6 r.. basement, yard. 1434-145*
8th ave.. Sunset, south G. O. Park; rent reaa.
UPPER flat of 7 rooms and bath to let: sun-
ny and modern. 136 Belvedere: rent $45 mo.
RLAT3 TO LET — FCRNISHED.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished flat of 7 rooms to
rent for 3 months at $75 per month: north-
east corner; sun all day: private entrance;
refs. required. Ad. 207 Sansome. rooms 1-2.
TO LET, furnished. June 10 to September 1.
0-rr>om flat at 30U2 Jackson St.; call morn-
Ings. . ,
NEWLY furnished flat: 5 large sunny rooms;
$40. 616 Taylor St., bet. Post and Sutter.
SUNNY furnished floor: Diivate residence;
adults; ref. Box 121. Call offlce.
6- ROOM sunny flat; healthy location. 423OA
20th st., near Castro; $20.
DIAMOND. 819— Sunny furn!*hed Cat of 3
rooms for housekpg; hot and cold water; $16.
FURNISHED flats — I rooms; rent $13. 154
' Tehama st.
GROVE. 713 — Flat of 7 rooms; coal and gas
stoves: piano: call 11 to 3 o'clock.
Fun.MTiKB yon bale.
THREE rooms; finely furnished; $S3; cost
9250; Mission and 30th; cottage. $10. Box
34, Call offlce.
BUREAUS. $4 50; matting. 10c; Iron beds. $2:
H. W. beds. $1; woven wire mattresses from
$1 SO up. Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk.
FURNITURE for sale; $73 worth for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. BRILLIANT'S.
840 Post St.. near Powell.
CHEAPEST place In city for second-hand fur-
niture. 986 Geary St. Tel. Polk 1477.
Ktll.MTl'HL WANTED.
_____ _™__-~~_^ . „
Salesroom, 1133 Market st. Tel. Jessts 7G1.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlce fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WANTED— To buy furniture fcr a 7- room
flat; must be In good condition; state kir^t
and price asked. Box 137. Call.
CIIAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture.carpets. etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 41. J.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
tnre. carpets, etc.; tel. Larkln 3631. B34 Ell!».
~ HEL1* WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — 8 Scandinavian, 5 German, 8 Prot-
estant cooks, plain wash, for city and oun-
try. at $30, $35 and $40. very nice places; 3
second girls, $20 and $25; nursesirl. $20; S
waitresses for springs and resorts, $25: cook
for 10 summer boarders, Santa Cruz Moun-
tains. $30 to $40; waitress and kitchen help-
er, resort. $23: 39 girls for general hou;««>-
work in city and country. $25 and $3<>. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutt-r st.
WANTED — A first-class nurse for 2 children:
shirt distance In country: $30: see lady la
offlce to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO., ?Ai
Sutter st.
WANTED — A neat girl for general housework
for a family of 4 for Sa.n Rafael: no waah-
ln«; see lady at our offlce to-day: wages
J30. See J. F. CKOSETT & CO.. 334 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED— Protestant cook, plain wash. $H0:
also second girl, same house, $25. both f t
Santa Cruz Mountains, same family. Siw
lady this forenoon at J. F. CROSETT &
CO/S. 334 Sutter st.
A SECOND girl. Mars Island. $23. see lady
to-day.
A nurse for an Infant. $-">0.
Cook for small resort, $30.
Cook and second girl, same family In coun-
try. $33 and $25.
A flrst-class cook private family, San Ra-
fael. $40... MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sut-
ter «t.. near Powell.
A SEAMSTRESS willing to wait on lady and
do light work, $30 a month: see party here
at 10 this morning. MISS PLUNKETT. 423
Sutter St., near Powell.
A — COOK. $35; housework girl. $33; chamber-
maid, $30: 2 chambermaids, hotel. $20; nurse,
$25; second girl. $25; cook. Pacific Grove.
$30, 2 In family: women to help In kttchen,
mining camp, $23. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st. .
A — HOTEL GAZETTE 1 . 26 Montgomery.r. 1*—
Chambermaid, near city, $20.
HOUSEKEEPER in Berkeley: teach little girl
music; wages $20 and found: American lady
preferred. California Employment Agency.
14 Third st.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn ' halrdressln*.
manicuring, etc: trade taught from A to 4
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 ¦••
•itlons to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 oer week up; leading school B
West. 233 Oeary St.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $13; positions as trimmer*,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evenlnr class. 14J Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hatrdreastng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 123tt Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copylnsr letters
at home, evenings or spare tlm-;. and return
to us; no mailing or canvassing: $9 weekly
earned: materials free: tnclose «elf-addres«ed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co..
No. S 4. Ninth St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted.' 7 Ninth St.
WANTED — Saleslady who understand* altera-
tlons. Box 946, Call,
Mllliil LONG TELT WANT 15 SHORTLY SUPPLIED
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
"^re you looking for a safe and profitable
business opening In San Francisco? If bo,
we can offer you any number requiring an
investment from $100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our
offlce must stand the closest investigation,
and we can place you in a store, factory,
hotel, mill, office, or. in fact, any business
you may prefer.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— BANK and COMMERCIAL REFERENCES.'
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— TEA AND COFFEE STORE.
$3500 will buy this store; well stocked with
tea, coffee and goods in that line; good loca-
tion; doing good business; established for
years; full Investigation Invited.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 5)27 Market St.
A— PICKLING WORKS
For sale; factory completely equipped for
the manufacture of pickles, mustard, sauer-
kraut, olives, salad oils and table condi-
mentB; product eold In all parts of the
United States; plant originally bought by a
gentleman of means for his son, who has
been found incapable of managing the large
business; cost $16,000, but no reasonable
offer will be refused.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO*.. 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 ehares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co., $25; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— J100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who invested
any money in or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California,
Capital stock $50,000.
927 Market St., rooms 321. 322. 323, 324.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large dln-
- ing-room and 16 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver serv-
ice; 10 years' lease; $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A — WE refer to 1000 Buccessful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market Bt.
A— A NEW THEATER.
A gentleman with $50u0 cash, capable of act-
Ing as cashier, can secure half interest in one
of the best small theaters on the Pacific
Coast: will pay him $500 monthly; particu-
lars only at personal interview at offlce of
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure interest and
office of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $3000 can
secure partnership in established business In
this city and take charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market at.
A— HARDWARE STORE
For sale; a hish-class business: long estab-
lished and centrally located: owner desires
to retire- will invoice a-bout $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., «27 Market St.
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY.
$300 cash and services secure interest in es-
tablished office business paying $15 weekly;
experience not necessary; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 827 Market St.
A— THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest Investment nnd most
profitable enterprise fn the city. We repre-
sent two of the largest Incorporated companies
In S. F. , and have openings for chauffeurs,
machinists and office men who can invest a
emoll amrant of -cash with tlrHr services.
GERSfANIA INVEST. CO., »27 Market St.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 In a
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier: experience not necessary; invest-
ment secured and ?20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— TEA AND COFFEE PLANT FOR SALE—
Wholesale and retail; fully equipped with
modern machinery for roasting and blending;
Bixxl daily route, with horse and wagon; firm-
ly established: half Interest J2500
GERMANIA INVEST CO., JC7 Market st.
T. J. DUNN & CO. PhonTlioward~34CS.
1312 Market Bt.
If yo'i want to sell your place, why don't you
let us know it?
DERMATOLOGIST, electrolysis parlors; will
pell cheap with furniture and $200 stock;
clears .*125; will teach; $500. See DUNN.
$300 SKCUP.ES half interest In commission
offlce whereby party can easily clear $125
monthly; must have references; alsi mean
business: experience not necessary. Particu-
lars 1007>a Market st., room 1.
A— $5000; BEST Investment in State; very
large returns on perfectly valid business ba-
sis; no scheme. BROWN CO.. 1221 Market St.
CIGAR store, next to Majestic Theater, on ac-
count of. another business, for sale, cheap.
1211 Market St.; no agents.
BAKERY for sale; good country town: must be
scld account of sickness. Inquire 408 McAl-
lister et., upstairs.
A — ONE-HALF interest in a flne saloon and ,
roadhouse for Rale: price only $1250; big op-
portunity. Box 929, Call offlce.
?30C0 — MEAT market; first class in. every re-
spect; average sales $80 day. Box 042, Call.
FIRST-CLASS cigar stand; good stock and
sales. Apply 413 Gough st.; no agents.
GOOD barber shop fixtures for sale; reasona-
ble. 113.1 Dupont et.
A— $500; PARTNER wanted In light business.
Particulars at 25 Geary St., room 5.
FURNITURE business for sale; good place live
man: will sell stock at Invoice; located about
25 miles from S. F. Box 3940. Call.
HOTEL bar, etc.; lease 3 years; rent $200"
value $3000. Box 230. Call office.
HORSERADISH grinding and delicatessen bus
cheap; good reason for selling. 2401 Mission.
FINEST fruit and vegetable route in the city
cheap. Call to-day, 229 Hayes Gt.
SALOON for sale cheap; piano, refrigerator;
three living rooms; must cell. • 513 Howard.
FOR sale — Cigar store on Kearny it.; good
location. Box 3S39, Call.
WANTED — Grocery and bar. Box 174, Call
offlce.
$3500 — FINE saloon; downtown. Inquire E. A.
KOLU CO.. 419 Montcomery st.
WANTED — To rent, hotel furnished] Address
with paitlculars box 1842. Call offlce.
FINE newspaper rout* for sale. Inquire at
thl» offlce. . t
A BRANCH orflce of The Call for the reception
of advertisemerts and subscriptions has been
opened at \t<\& Market it., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. / : ¦ .
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN
A GOOD home for small children; mother's
rare; terma reasonable. 202S Buena Vista
ave., Alameda.
WANTED — By an experienced woman, an in-
fant to board. 212 Seventh st. ?
COTTAGES TO LET. '
A NEW cottaje of 4 rooms and bath; latest
Improvements; garden of. vegetables; chicken
house, yard; privilege empty lot; rent $22 60.
335 2d ave.. Richmond. Key at barber shop.
COTTAGES FOK SALE.
ELEGANT cottage, C rooms and bath; sun on
all sides; high basement. ¦ Call 4011 , Nine-
teenth St., corner of Noe.
$4000 — FOR sale — A cottage, 0 rooms and, bath.
1029 Capp St.: call from 9 a. m. to 2 p. m.
S-ROOM cottage, furnished. In beautiful Camp
Meeker. Inquire 715 Castro Bt.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED by man and wife, furnished cottage
or flat; summer months only; good location.
Address box 266. Call
CXOTSIUQ REyOVATHTQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1 ; scouring and
dyeing. Bon-Marche, 40 Ellis st., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
_" _ CuaES aUJfTUKE.
WHO7— Hunter, 1206 Market st.: $100; rupture
cur* Xcr $.10; circular explains; send tor one.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. MAY 24. 1001.
13
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA PTn-CTIS-OSP HOUSES.
SUNNY well furnished cottage: beautiful
grounds. Apply 2Qfi.-> Alameda ava.
__ A i A^i?i 1^ A ROOMS.
TO let — A suite of 2 or 3 roo'ma, with gas and
water; suitable for a doctor or a married
couple; on Park st.. Alameda. Inquire of
HAMMOND _ HAMMOND. 1420 Park st.
_; ALAMEDA STORES TO VET.
CHEAP store. 15x60 feet, at 151» Park St..
Alameda. $12 50; will let half for $7; will
fit It up for any traile at a slight advance)
In the rent. Apply on the premises.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'XTS
nERKKI.F.Y REAL ESTATE.
GOOD investments near new Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block: 271 ft. frontage on track: -2
blocks from Berkeley station $23r:0)
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $2C0>
Lot 40x135; mac; within block $J5i»
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2600)
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number o£
cheap houses.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 1056 Universltv ave..
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
I2JXW — A ERY pretty cottage of 6 rooms: lot
50x135; on the sunny side of atreet and near
the station.
$6500 — Do you want a first -class Investment
paying 9 per cent?
I have for sale a warehouse built of ston«
and brick; fitter! with compartments and ele-
vator; In an Improving neighborhood; leased^
for 5 years: a god Investment.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
SE. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st.
CLASSIFIED adv«-rtis«ment9 and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlre. 22OO Flllmore.
BERKELEY HOl'SES TO LET.
FOUH-ROOM modern cottage In Berkeley. In«
qul»» 1W3 Mission st.. S. F.
_BEBKEl.-TY_rXXBWISH-ED 1SOOMS._^
UNIVERSITY ave. 101K5. 1 block from Srhat-
tuck ave., Berkeley — New furnished room.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
$1000 CASH. $20 monthly; new 5- room cottage;
fin* basement, outhouses and chicken-houses,
ham, etc.; stream of running water; also
good well and city water; Immense laurel
aud oak trees; rich sandy loam soil; fruit and
rtowers; 8 lets, all fenced; 200x100; can maka
it 200x200; two macadamized streets: an Heal
location and heme; price $2r>0O; away from
fogs and winds; adjoining Kast Oakland; 3
model schoolheuses clime by. Call or send
for circulate 4."i5 7th st.. opposite Broadway
station. Oakland; carriage iree.
' H. Z. JONES. Owner.
LOOK AT THJS. ~~"~
A GENUINE IIARGAIN.
$3<-,C0 — Suburban hotel and rosdhousa doss
to Oakland; lot lirixlUK. containing 1 store and
40 rooms, all hard finished; water through-
out the house; gas pipes in every room; com-
plete gas plant on prc-mises: fin* steel kitchea
range; all modern conveniences; cost owner
$10ii00 cash; must sell; investigate.
* " IRA P. JENKS.
1209 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$30O CASH buys: balance payable after 5
years; a well-built new house, 6 largo rooms,
bath etc.; everything complete and up to
date- lot 34x100: excellent location; hlgti
and near church, school, stores, bank, street
cars. Key Route an(< Santa Fe stations,
now open for Inspection. S«7 37th st.. Oak-
land; take Key Route from San. Francisco.
!" ~ A SNAP.
S1C5O only for a 6-rooir i cottage with bath.
etc. In East Oakland; easy terms. P. C.
LASSEN & CO.. 4«6 Tenth at.. Oakland. Cal.
" F. F. PORTER.
$30C0— 12-rootn modern house; beautiful yard:
barn: carriage house: lot 40x140; near 27t_
st. and Telegraph ave.
NEW 7-room furnished house; 5 minutes' war*
from Key route depot. Apply 831 Thirty-
fifth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
MAGNOLIA, near Tenth — Two elegant, sunny
flats: reagonabla rent. Key 74ff Magnolia st.
OAKLAVD Fl'RMSnED HOUSES.
CHOICE residence for rent: handsomely fur-
nished house. 12 rooms; desirable neighbor-
hood- on car line; to rent for six menths, $*5
per month. MEAD & BELL, 1223 Broad-
way. Oakland.
OAKLASO r yjt^lTURBlFOR » A UB.
TO-MORROW th» day for bargains In fural-
tn*>. H. Bcb«nhaaa.lltb rt.enrMortOakiiirt.
~ ELMHIRST IlEAL ESTATE.
INVEST. }2 50 monthly In fine suburban lots
the line of the Haywards local train;
only $75 each. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post at.
San Francisco Advertisenfts
. rooms *' o 5J[?£55 EI 5H5r?5£u^
CALIFORNIA, 1033, near Gough— Unusually
desirable uiiurnished rooms; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 3008 — Lovely sunny room for
light housekeeping; gas; running water;
, garden: reasonable. ¦
CLAY 1323 — 3 tpoma and kltchan: new and
beautifully furnished; view; $30.
EDDY 61" — Sunny room; running -water;
phone: housekeeping allowed; suitaDle for
1 or 2. ______________
ELEVENTH 106— Two large, sunny front bay-
wlndow and connecting rooms; gas stove.
ELLIS. 1233 — 2 rooms and use of kitchen; well
furnished and sunny.
ELLIS. 1457— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms; suitable for housekeeping; reasona-
ble. » i ,
FOLSOM. 754 — Large bedroom, with kitchea:
convenient; reasonable.
GOUGH, 708 — 2 nice Ian je attic rooms; run-
ning water: gaa range; rent $10. |
HAIGHT 3 — 2 rooms, front, furnished' foe
hsekpff.': folding bed; gas range; run, water.
HAWTHORNE, IS. off Howard, near Third—
• 2 large sunny rooms; running water; yards
$2 GO week. ___________________—»
HOWARD, 1604 — 2 front rooms, connecting.
complete for housekeeping; private; cheap.
IVY ave., 241 — 3 rooms furnished, $1T 50; 2.
$15; sink and gas: adults.
JES?IE. 323 — Sunny furntahed housekeeping I
gas; $2 75 week; other rooms cheap.
JONES, 118 — 3 sunny basement housekeeping
rooms: also others.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Bunny, furnished 3- room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; fre« baths; rato $30 up.
LARKIN. 817%— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed; gaa stovt; reasonable.
MARKET. 2098 — Two large well furnished;
rooms for housekeeping; $13.
MCALLISTER. 511 — Two large connecting
rooms for housekeeping. ¦ ¦
McALLISrER. S3S— Sunny 2-room suite: »7.
$12. $15; gaa range; hot bath; adults.
OAK. 10— Two rooms furnished complete tot
housekeeping; use of plaao.
OAK. 117 — Extra sunny S-room suite: $20: 3
rooms $12; single $3; gas range; adults.
O'FARRELL. 1127— One or two furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; bath; phone.
PINE. 1300. cor. Hyde— Sunny basement: 3
furnished rooms; range; gas stove; yard; $10.
POLK. 1402— Sunny housekeeping rooms: gaa>
and bath free; reasonable.
POST, 824 — Handsome parlors, dinlnz-roonx
and kitchen; 2 single rooms; sunny; modern.
POST 13W — Spacious sunny rooms, housekeep-
ing;' other rooms; bath, phone; references.
POWELL. 208 — Housekeeping rooms; rent rea-
. sonable. /
SAN JO3E ave., 57S — 3 unfurnished sunny
rooms, with bath. $12.
SHOTWELL, 622— Two sunny rooms for light
housekeeping^
SUTTER 217C— 2 or U furnished rooms; sunny;
housekeeping; bath and phone: reasonable.
. Continued on Paje Fourteen, __j
MI'SICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A SENSATIONAL fire — Storage pianos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and burned !f not sold In a few days; this
means storage pianos and furniture almost
cheaper than fire wood, and must be re-
moved. Whltehead's Storage, ie3t> Market.
PIANOS for rent; 53 per month; the largest
and best -stock in San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
i best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 56O-B4 Hayea st. -
RENTING is our specialty; $2 up; apply on
purchase: installments $4 ud. HEINE
' PIANO Co.. 235-237 Geary St.; Oakland, 1252
Broadway.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
$25: uprights, $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post st.
WILL sell for storage, fine Hazelton and Vooe
pianos. STATHAM'S, 110 McAJlister at.
A BEAUTIFUL Steinway upright grand, as
. ¦ good as new; cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
$165 — STEINWAY upright: private party; no
/^reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. . SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister St.
8-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shonlnger, little used; Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZr, 308-312 Post st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. --00 Flllmore.
_" "
A LONG STORY MADE SHORT— A -wrinkled
face positively restored to its former contour;
simpie, harmless, scientific method shown on
the living face; permanency guaranteed. Call
or write for book. "Hints on Beauty," free.
I M. ELLA. HARRIS. 781 O'Farrell st.
THE>Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no' stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Re'medy Co., 1338 Polk
"VITAL RING" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varicocele,
etc.; easily worn; $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recommend them. DR. BURNARD CO., 140
Geary st.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood {affecting
: skin, mouth, bones, etc.).. speedily cured by
skilled specialist 'from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
SCALP treatment given by a lady to produce
growth of hair; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
and evenings; best of references. Hotel
Atlanta. 452 Ellis st.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or writ*. DR.
G. S. MOORE. X\2 O'Farrell st.
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market st,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor; 721 Market st.
ASK your druggist for the Marquis Hair Tonic;
It is the best.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mra.Dr.A.W.Travers. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MR8. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 "Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1. at all druggists'.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 815
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Blade 561.
PATEJTTS. f >
INVENTIONS patented.* F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law: 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SUKUEOS*.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 VS Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
..treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and tc-as. 727 Washington st.
WONG WQO. the fariious herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay st.
REAL ESTATI-~C1TY— FOR , if^ l . L ff >
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET ST.
$05,000 — Downtown investment: 70- foot front-
age; near Market and Taylor sts.
$32,000 — Geary St., near Larkln; 60-foot
frontage through to rear street; 2 frontages;
large 2-story building on lot; great possibili-
ties for Improvement.
$16,000— Six magnificent new flats, rented for
$145 per month; 40 -foot frontage on lot; mort-
gage $7500.
$15.250 — Devisadero St., near California; 3
beautiful flats; brand new 6-7-7 rooms and
bath; rents $130 per month.
$15,000 — Kearny-st. corner; 40-foot frontage:
grocery, bar and basement; 7 flats; rent $140
per month: $6000 mortgage can remain.
$15.000 — Pacific Heights; marine view build-
ing lot; exceptional eite for magnificent resi-
dence; 50x137:6 feet.
514,500 — Corner on*_£lnth st.: business prop-
erty; store with 3 rooms in rear; 2 flats of 6
rooms and bath; rent $78 ,<-r month; building
in first-class condition; newly painted; brick
foundation: portion of lot not built on where
2 flats of 5 rooms could be placed. n
$14,000 — Nlnth-st. corner; business lnvest-
i ment ; store and flats above.
$13,500 — Hayes st., through to rear street;
near Laguna; 4 beautiful flats; rents very low
at $98 50 per month; sunny and modern,
$13,000^ — 2 modern 2-story houses of 8 rooms
and bath each, renting for $90 per month; lot
50x137:6 feet: facing the Park Panhandle.
$11,500 — 2 beautiful flats, 5-7 rooms and
bath: lot adjacent with no Improvements; rent
$55 per month.
$S250 — Folsom-st. flats, near 8th st. ; rent
very low at $C5 per month.
$7000—2 beautiful flats on Leavenworth st.,
close to Sacramento: rent $G2 50 per month;
these flats are well built, modern and always
'ented.
$7000 — Devleadero «t. : key lot; magnificent
cottage of 6 rooms and bath; modern plumb-
ing; lot alone worth more than the price
$4500— Residence near Park Panhandle; 7
rooms and bath.
$3500— Mission cottage; 10- foot basement;
large stable in rear containing 5 stalls; con-
crete floor.
$3100 — Investment north of Market et.. eaat
of Taylor; 2 fiats and rear house on small
street; -rent $30 per month: very low.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
, y 83S Market St.
ON THE PANHANDLE BOULEVARD.
''/'.*''-. ' '. r .) ¦• '¦'.'"'_>. ".' '
A ' modern * 10- room house and 50- foot lot;
large lawn and beautiful outlook 3 ; the * best
value ever offered. Information of II.' R.
COOPER. 776 Market st.
¦ •
_____ __ .
$1 25 PER week; no Interest: lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
lnc to do: ready to build .your- little home
on; close to electric canst and school.
W. J. WHITE,
- 26 -Montgomery .st:, room 8.
INVESTMENTS; large or small; list free. . •
, $420C — * flats; new; rented low. $480. - . '
$4700—6 flats. $2500—2 flats. . . >.
Lots — 8th ave., near Transrer cor • $1250.*;
• Near 17th and Castro sts: sunny: $800. v>i , ¦
;•' Get list. A. W. BELL. 211 Montgomery,*^:.
$12.000 — NOTyet completed: rents $1320 . per
-year; '3 marine-view flats; N. line' Green at,
' 1864-66-68 Green st.>_J. Laguna; every room
Is and will' be sunny; ever* possible latest
improvement.' Apply at the premises from
2 to 6; lot 25x137:6. ¦'
$12,000 — NOT yet completed ; rents $1320 per
• year; 3 marine-view flats: N. line Green St.,
il864-66-68 Green st., E. Laguna: every room
is and .will be sunny; every possible late^r
improvement. Apply ; at the' p.-emlsea from
2 to 6: lot 25x137:6. .
GREAT bargain; $3250 for comfortable sunny
• house: "8- rooms; new plumbing; Presidio
Heights; large lot, 30x112; stable. loft, etc.:
' suitable for- teamster', or •• gardener; - tasy
terms." Apply to P. J. * RYAN, eoutheast
corner Eacram__— i _o-> «_ale sts. ' r ¦ - .
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR J1UE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post street.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers — Rents
Collected — Loans Negotiated.
City Agents for Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
Publishers of the "Buyer, and Seller." a
monthly paper devoted to the- Interest of
real estate owners and thoae Intending to In-
vest. Contains a full list of property for
sale. Free on application.
$8,500— Reduced from $9500 for Immediate
sale; large lot 27:6x120 to rear street;
2 flats on Hayes st. of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each and cottage on Linden
ave.; monthly Income $68 60.
13,000— An- offer wanted; large N. W. corner.
80x114; Sanchez and Duncan «t.: suit-
abfe for a builder; will subdivide into
4 large lots.
$12.000— Frederick st.. nr. Ashbury; new build-
ing of 3 flats of 6 rooms and bath each;
rents $112 50 per month; lot 25x103.
$8,200— Eddy St., N. E. corner business prop-
erty; price reduced for immediate sale;
large lot. 28x100; store and flats; rents
$73. per month.
$8,000— Polk St.; 2 fiats of 4 and 5 rooms and"
bath each; rents $47 DO per month.
$4,200 — Calif ornia-st. building lot; ronny side;
splendid frontage; 27:6x132:6: side
« sewer to curb line; cheapest lot on the
street.
$1,100— Sunset District; 8 cottages of 8 and 4
rooms each;' convenient to the cars;
short distance from the Park; price
$1100 each; lots 25x120.
$4,500^ — He-use of 6 rooms on Wlllard St.; rear
entrance for team or automobile: un-
surpassed view of city, bay. Park and
ocean. v . ¦ .
BRANCH OFFICE OF
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
Corner H street and Seventh avenue.
Fronting Golden Gate Park.
Office open every day, including Sundays
and holidays. Horse and phaeton to show
property; splendid line of choice building
lots in Sunset District. Parnassus Heights
and Richmond. -
Terms — $50 to $100 cash.
PROPERTY OWNERS.
Parties owning fproperty in Richmond and
Sunset districts will flnd It to their advan-
tage to list their property with us. either for
sale or rent. We have an office right on the
ground to facilitate business. Open every
day In the year. H st. and Seventh ave.
g
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
BEST RESIDENCE DISTRICT IN THE
WESTERN ADDITION.
$6750 — Washington st., near Buchanan: 2 lots.
30x127:8^4: improvements adjacent and
large space between the property and
adjoining house; to be sold by order of
. trustees.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post street.
, SPECK & CO..
209 Montgomery st.
209 Montgomery st. «
200 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Selling. Leasing.
Rents collected. Insurance.
$15.000 — Vicinity Bush and Kearny; stores
and three floors above: brick building; lot
fronts 35 feet; rents $265.
$35,000 — Howard St.. near Third f~50xl60
feet: 8000 square feet: key lot and 2 frontages;
this lot on 3d at. would be worth $100,000.
$25,000 — Corner; new building; rents $224;
lot 36:6x100 feet.
$21.000 — Larkln-st. business corner; ' lot 35
feet frontage; rents $1800 annually.
•20,000 — Polk-st. business property: 2 stores
and lodging-bouse; lot 30x95 feet; rents $145:
$10,000 bank mortgage can remain.
$18,500— Post St.; lot 62:6x124 feet: 2 front-
•gesrvery good improvement-; rents $140.
$18,000— Bargain; Ellis st.. near Larkln; 3
houses: lot 27:6x120 feet; 2 frontages; $9000
bank mortgage can remain.
$11.000— Corner Seventh St.; 65 feet frontage;
fine building site.
" SS500— 2 stores and 4 flats; corner north of
Market St.; 43:6 feet frontage; yearly rents
$966; paying 11% P«r cent. .
$5000— Mission business corner; 8 stores;
«nts $480 yearly; lot 43x80 feet.
RESIDENCES.
$15,000 — Callfornla-st. residence; 12 rooms
and bath; lot 35x137:6 feet; choice block.
$9000— Elegant home; 9 rooms and bath;
mortgage $6000 can remain; lot 30x117:6 feet;
2 frontages. ;
$1500 4-room cottage; lot 27:6x100 feet;
Mission warm belt.
' CHOICE LOTS.
$15 000— NW. corner: 5tt:6xl37:6 feet: unsur-
passed marine view; must be sold this week.
jqojo Broadway, north side and best resi-
dence black; unobstructed view; lot 27x137:6
feet. . \
SPECK & CO.,
209 Montgomery St.. opposite Mills building.
SNAP — Cozy sunny cottage, 6 rooms, bath and
laundry; latest improvements: north side
O'Farrell St.; $4000 only. Inquire 1303 De-
visadero. between 10 and 12 a. m.
COTTAGE— Modern 1 rooms; finished base-
ment • block foundation in good condition;
cheap, fiee owner. 223 Third ave.. Richmond.
BUILD your unimproved realty: we loan full
cost lmprov. and part lot at 6%. MANHAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
FINE c€r! 75x80, nr. Market St.; 6 blocks
west City Hall. Room 217. Parrott building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st,
REAL ESTATE— ConBtry— For *»_*_*•_
6"°7 ACRES Merced River. - Merced County,
Cal., appraised by court at $71,000, assessed
by County Assessor at $40,000, offered foe
$50,000: 1 to 4 years' time, « per cent; 909
Acres level grain, fruit and alfalfa land; 4327
acres rolling, grazing and grain land; Mer-
ced River passes through land; 900 acre* can
be irrigated, water free; no royalties; Im-
provements good; school one mile, church
and town three miles; on direct road to Yo-
semite: must be sold to close estate; a 'tar-
gain; the profit, from these lands made the
•tormer owner rich; fine rains, everything
green and growing now. See maps and pho-
f tos at Punnett Bros.. San Francisco. Address
•J. W. KNOX. Attomey-at-Law. Merced. Cal.
. • y
FOR sale — 1S0O acres of fine land; all under
Irrigation; 700 acres of alfalfa land, fenced
and crossfenced. Inquire of MATT S. SUL-
LIVAN, room 610 Parrott building, or the
Lasslng ranch. 6 miles south of Newman.
GREAT bargain— Rich, irrigated "farms; big
canal; free water right; vesy cheap: easy
terms:'- homeseeker's opportunity. C. M.
WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market St.
GOVERNMENT homestead for sale cheap; 160
acres San Antone Val.. Santa Clara Co..
back of Mt- Hamilton. For Dartlculara apply
2016 Lake st.. Richmond district. S. F.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th« Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in ths
'United State* or Canada one year for $1.
S _^THERN Oregon irrigated lands, dairy
'¦¦'. Tarms, stock ranches, alfalfa land, timber
\ -land, mines. S. C. TRAYNER, 6O4 Kearny.
$1000—80 acres, near Lakeport; healthy home
place. See owner. 202 Noe «t.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cent* — Th« Weekly Call.
linages, ir wrapper, for Tnalll-iy. SI p»r Tear.
FOR sale — Beautiful home In San Mateo: house
8 rooms and bath; large grounds; lot 100x190;
. stable and outhouses ;¦ on car line; in center
of San Mateo. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mls-
slon st. , . . '¦
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
4 CHOICE lots' cheap for cash. Apply 323
Bush st.. third floor, room _ . __ :
HF.LP WAXTED — MALE — Con tinned;
WANTED — Japanese porter. 70 Third st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: S5c nlcht; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. SC3 Mission St., bet. 1st and.2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to SOc r.fia Mlsplon nt.i» bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
9. 12 AND 14 passenger 4-seat surries. second-
hand Toomey cart,* low phaeton, platform
grar surrey and oak trap, hack, coupe, pneu-
matic buggy. 2 bikes and tandem cart.
O'BKIEN'S. Golden Gate ave. and Polk at.
BIG auction sale 120 head of horses Thursday,
May _-<i. at 11 o'clrrk at J. B. Horan's sales
yards, cor. Tenth and Bryant sts. S. WAT-
KINS, auctioneer.
STYLISH family horse, harness and carriage
for sale; suitable for lady to drive; owner
leaving city. Address room 44. 230 Mont-
gomery Bt. - '
FOR sale— $175; mare. 7 years old, rentle_ln
every respect, safe for woman to drive; will
go double, trot or pace. Box 25, Call.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. S. F.
FOR sale — A black horse; a good driver. Box
173, Call office.
WANTED — A good sound horse; broke to driva
and to the saddle.. Box 155, Call.
DRIVING horse for sale; black: 6 years old;
sound and gentle. Box 143, Call office.
TWO second-hand platform spring wagons, on*
3-ton, one 4^4 ton. one truck. 223 Beale st.
FOR sale — Young horse; good driver.. Box
3970, Call office.
A BLACK horse tor sale: 7 years old; gentle
and Eound. Box 3765, Call.
BUGGY horsa for. sale, young and gentle.
Box 3S37. Call office^
FOR sale cheap — 100 kinds of surreys, camp
wagons, rubbfr-tlre buggies. 1503 Folsom st.
ONE pony and buggy or cart ajid harness for
sale cheap. 1504 Folsom and Eleventh st.
HORSES of all grades bought, sold and ex-
changed. H. ATKINSON. 65 Hermann st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness. work and driving horses. l.tth-Valencla.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED liBt of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
CAPP. 77S — Modern sunny house of 8 rooms
and basement; a large yard, lawn and flow-
ers; must be seen to be appreciated. i
HOUSES TO LET FCUKiSUGO.
FURNISHED house, 8 rooms, will rent for 2
to 4 months. $50; call or phone in forenoons.
2*22 Pine st.; phone Pine 591.
HOUSES FURNISHED— FOR SALE.
HOUSE. 12 or 22 rooms, for sale, vepy'cheap.
IIS Jcnes St.. between 12 and 3. *-
I.AP-TCH_3 FOB _q~_V
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. tootof Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Michaelis Launch Co.. Unlon-st. wharf ;boat-
lnc fc excursions. 3 Steuart St.: tel. John _»'*«.
LOST AND KOUXD.
LOST — Masonic charm, with name of E. C.
Hughes. Liberal reward if left with E. C
HUGHES. 511 Sansome st. ,
LOST— May 22. 1904^ Scotch colMe; brown,
with trace of black In back and tail. Re-
turn to 1G45 Eleventh ave. ; reward.' ¦
LOST — Gold watch with picture and Initials
belonging to party now deceased; valued asf
keepsake. 1174 York st.
LOST — Collie dog; "Jack"; liberal reward.
1400 Golden Gate ave.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savins
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of ANNA E. STREICHER, No.
200-001. The "finder will please return to
bank.
LOST — Pearl brooch,, diamond center. Shell
Mound or on train or boat; $20 reward If re-
turned to 267 Thirteenth st.. bet. Mission
and Howard.
LOST — A gold link bracelet set with Irregular
pearli-; liberal reward. Cashier, 205- Samp-
son st. y-
$75 REWARD— Heavy ring, 2 diamonds and
emerald; keepsake. Box 918, Call office.'
LOST — May 18, Irish setter dog; heavy feath-
ered; liberal reward N^. 3 Grand et.
LOST — Fly casting club, medal. Reward for
return to 9 Montgomery gt.^
MATRIMO-TIAI.. '___ ¦
GENTLEMAN, 32, independent circumstances,
good appearance, desires acquaintance with
unlncumbered lady of good appearance; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 317. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address in the
United States nr Canada one year for SI.
MUSICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick .relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market at., rooms 7 and 8;
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. IOOS',4 Market St., opp. 5th.
VALFEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and , tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland,
DR. G. xF. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st. . - '
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; ln»t. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
DRS. LAMB haVe moved from Murphy building
to the Muirhead building, 1584 Market St.,
corner Larkin. ¦ ¦ .
"EZE-MENSA" cures Irregularities in three
days; $1 per bottle; $1 25 by express. " CEN-
TURY REMEDY CO.. 405 Montgomery st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secui«d~Ieaae of
premises. Is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth St., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st., corner
20th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10. .
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. Dr. SYLVESTER, 219 Kearny st.
YOU can cbtain relief; women only. DR. R
H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
MISCELLANEOU----FOR gALR.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
STANDARD oil rig. fully equipped, and 1500
feet of casing, 11% In. to 1% in.Talso 1500
feet of 8 and 6 inch drive pipe. Apply for
particulars GAFFE Y _ MAHON,- 506 Cali-
fornia st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~t~"
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good' over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for" new roofs.
EI-ATKRITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold',
rented and exchanged;' see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st,
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tal Main 1428V v .. •, .
A»-FINE suits. $7 K0; dress paints $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny et.
near Bush; open to 0 p. m., Sunday to noon*.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, , en-
gines, boilers, water pipe.- shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FOR sale — Elegant 60-light bath cabinet; rea-
eanable. Electric Works, 227 Ellis st. ,
jitliCKLLAXKOPg _J\2HL^ AUT: — Cnn
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.., 25
Stockton Bt. r
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton Bt.
J. COOPER, gents* full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St.,
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 50 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny Bt.. near
¦ Pine: open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
i TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
, foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
PIPE— Second-hand: 3, 4 and 6 Inch.; good
condition* brass and iron fittings, all sizes.
'THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
GAS engines. C horsepower. Bay. City Iron
Works. Oakland. .
FOR sale— Great Dane pupB, 4 months. 640
Stanyan st. - ¦-
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAiTON
TENT & AWNING CO. ,35 Mkt.Tel.BuBh 858.*
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vols. KING'S. 61 McAllister st., nr. Market.
LAUNCH: half cabin; new Racine engine. Ad-
dress 1435 Park St.. Alameda.
PIGEONS — All the leading varletlesr«tamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Baclgalupl,
moved to 7S6 Mission st. .
SECOND-HAND safes, $65; 60-lnch desk, $27.
RICHARDSON BROS., 816 Market st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 310 Third st.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches:
easy payments. GARIN. S03 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline- engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Becjc A Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-band. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. ¦_
GASOLINE engines, auto— '-biles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st. *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
MISCELLA^OJpS WANTS. ~
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal ' card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st.
WANTED — A family horee; about 1000 pounds;
must not be old. 2347 Lombard street.
Phone Geary 461.
WANTED — Second-hand sewing machine. Box
305. Call office. ¦
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and
Kents' castoff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
A FOOTPOWKR screw-cutting lathe; give
price and swing. 1534 Folsom st.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 825; €50 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 782 Mission; phone Bush 467.
EHOES wanted: misfit & castoff; highest prcs. ;
new &- 'Jd-hand shoe* for sale. 749 Ml»«1"n.
MINES AND MI— IITO.
GROUP gold mines with 20 feet ledge fine ore;
stamp mills nearly ready to run; mines fully
paid for;, small capitalization insures hand-
Bome dividends; special small lot shares sell-
ing to complete equipment in amounts' to
suit for prompt sale; unusual opportunity to
cbtaln shares In operating company; sure to
pay; reliable party can earn' commission.
Box 948, Call office. •
A GILT edge chance for mining investment: a
limited number of Ehare9 of the Osceola Min-
ing and Developing Company . {Incorporated)
. will be sold at 25 cents per share; this stock
will go to par (Jl per share) within one year.
For full Information, call or write Osceola
Mining and Developing Company. 414 Cross-
ley building, San Francisco, Cal.
PARTY with $1800 or $2000 to invest in mine;
bear closest Investigation. , See owner to-day
at Golden West Hotel, room 359.
$500 — START gold mining; rich placers; long
l^ate: new ' machine; great opportunity.
HALL. C01 Sutter st.
BIONEY TO LOAM.
A M^HERM AN ~MURPH Y?~ " "" '
601-C02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trnst,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. ;
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 5^ AND 6 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY, OAKLAND,
TOWN and COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided Interests in real estate, property in
trust: loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
CROCKER BUILDING,
, POST AND MARKET STS.
" " WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3rd
Mortgage, on real estate or
.Chattels, In city, town
* or country.
I .ow rate of interest.
Give- full particulars
of property or chattels,
Location, etc.
Box 408, Call office.
LOWEST BANK RATE.
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates In probate, undivided Interest in
estates, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of Interest. ¦» j
RLVERS BROS., 205 Montgomery sL
SALARY LOANS— #
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
. ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake,' 453 Parrott; bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.:
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., C8 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place 'to obtain
llheral advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
£40 Market; tel. Main 164t. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds,' Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables: our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN QgFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.; 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484. . >
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery »t., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on 'low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth et. ,
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
. salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, 1103^ Brdwy^. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..'
' LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy methods — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, * rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg. ;\
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.'
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan Jbldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st. ' . ;-.
ALL loan* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building, 708 Market st. -
1% per cent on 'furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING, 616 Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
'lndorser. MORELL, 600 Examiner building.
tIKKICK* AMJ STORKS TOLKT.:
STORE. 4 living rooms; rent $35. Twelfth
and Bernice. . > : ¦ .. ,• ; . • .. .;, ¦ "
LARKIN, ','¦ 418 — Basement suitable shoemrtker,
,--; paint ehop, upholsterer, second-hand store.',. -,
'. HRtP \vt\TKH — KRMU.K Con.
WANTED— Girl to work in laundry' office;
salary f3 !•• r week. The French Launii y
Co., 3372 24 lotion et.
WAN-TED— Your.g musical comedy wom->n.
' -M'l-ly F. H. ROBIN8ON. Carmen's Hall.
:flo U'Farrell st.. bet. t» and 11 a. m. _
XTOCXa Protestant girl assist housework;
" f<jur- in family; pood home; wages $17. Ap-
j,l> forenoons, 2M Scott St.
. WANTED— A voung girl to a»s!«t In lisht
lufusework: evenines anJ Sunday affcrncins
off. 621 Halght s t. <^
VVAN'TED— Tailoress on children's coats; none
liut experfeneed need apply. 656 Mission et.,
'third fiocr. •
A GIKL for office work; must be a high school
graduate and j: ¦ ¦ i at figures. Address box
»4S. Call.
GtK>I> finishers; also girls to pad collars on
cats. S. N. WOOD. 4S« Geary Ft. k>
EXPERIENCED <-arhier for restaurant; muct
give reference. Box i>44. Call office.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
v Chutes. 6 pm. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED— Experienced jacket and skirt al-
teration hand. Apply at HALE BROS.' bet.
'.' and 11 a. m.
WANT good lady •olicltor for advertising busi-
ness; good preposition. 36 Geary «t., room 1.
LADY traveler f^r business house; p~nanent
position. Box 3C0. Call office.
A YOUNG girl for house— nrk and care of
«-h!ia; good references.^ Call at 127 Oak st.
YOUNG girl from the country, refined, ex-
perienced, wishes light housework; sleep
home. Box 3SO7. Call office.
Experienced 2-needle operator. Singer: steady
position. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recepUoo
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposlt* Fifth.
Op»n omll 11 p. — u
HELP WASTED MALE.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
14 Third st., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
•25 teamster*. $67 50 a month.
• 15 laborers. $C0 a month.
10 drillers, rockmen, hammersmen, $75.
10 tunneimen. $3 a day.
Tunnel foreman, R. R.. couth, $100 a month
and found.
10 tunneimen, $3 a day.
. 10 muckers. J - -'.'• a day.
SAWMILL CREW.
pf-rew turner. $55 and board.
Head trim— ter. $50 and board.
"Second trimmer. $10 and board.
B >ard patter. $45 and board.
•6 'section hands, sawmill. $35 and found.
10 lumber pilers. $35 to $40 and found.
. S gafdinc launch engineers, near city. $12 to
}"-v a week.
r '. 4 'haymakers. $1 50 a day and board.
• ¦ 1 hay teamster. $1 50 a day and board.
1 haymaker. $1 50 and harvest $2 a day.
•Cock, hotel, near city $4<> and found
. • ¦ WOODS CREW.
2 barkers. $45 and board.
2 -feed teamsters, $65 a month.
Kdgernjan, ,«i«mi!l, east. $3 25 a day and
Ijoard.
. >• worxjrhoppers. pine. 4 feet. $1 25 cord.
.. Woodturner, near city, $3 W) a day.
1" botteraake— , $3 to $4 a day, board and
imping; steady Job guaranteed; free fare.
<ALIK. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
4_y Hush st. C42 Clay St.
!<• teamsters, new electric R. R.'. fare C0c.$2
25 Kcrajxr teamsters, fare 25c.. $2 and $2 25
'.« muckers (free fare) $2
3 heaijertnen < free fare) $2 75
Y*amst«TB. Nevada $2-$2 25
5 drillers and tunnrlmen. Humboldt County.
start to-morrow $2 50-$2 75
2 . -...-» .r . engineers for a launch, $12 week;
K-abieman. private place. $25; dairyman. $50
and found; 2 farmers. $30; 3 haymakers,
$1 25 a day; ranch hands. $1 25 il day;
ranch .cook. 4 men, $25; milkers. $30.
I'.akfr and pastry cock. R. R. eating-house
free fare. $5t>; cooks. $35 to $75- waiters
$20 to $25; bellboye, $30; Janitor and wife
apartment house $40
C. R. HANPE_N & CO.. Employment Agents
42a Bush st. €42 clay et. '
HOTEL, cook. $U> and found; broiler, $16 week-
cook for 3 men, $15 and found; hotel waiter'
$'.0 and found; elevator and bell boys. $30 and
$15 and found; dlfhwasher. $20 and found"
' and .th-rs. J. F. CROfc'ETT _ CO.. 028 Sac-
ramento et.
EDGKlJMAN. $3 day; glaxler. $3 to $3 50 day-
<ir»ular sawyer, small mill. $4 day; black-
Vtrfith'* htlper. $.'.(> and found; millwright
« 5o <Uy; woodturner. f3 to $3 50 day
vegetable gardener, $30 and found; old man
to care for place; miner and wife. $100 and
fou,nd; 2 farmers and wives, $47 60 and $55
. , *nd found; farmer and chcreman, $30 and
,., .found: «ni!kers. $30 and $35 and found;
f-Tabi«E£n; young man about place. $25 and
. Jound; fruit ruddier. $15 and found; and
other*. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
. . nitnt» st.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
H5 THIRD ST. ; telephone Main Ma.
. * .-and^tone Quarryman. $3, near city.
I-aundry washers, big hotel, $40 and found.
laborers, city work. $2 25.
• . M»-n for pipe line, long Job. J2-S2 25.
" " *l.t borers and teamsters, $2. Tree fare.
: WoOdQhcppcrs. 4 ft. pine. $1 5O cord.
• " Woodchoppers, shingle bolt*. $1 80 cord.
'.f_UK_ huncls. $1 50 and fd., north.
;. ' Milker, $35, close to city, 2i» cowe.
Milker, $2o an. fd., 12' cows, north.
- < oopem. piece work, boes here, no strike.
<*ab!r.et-niakers and bench hands. $3 60.
' JJfcndred other Jobs.
• r HORD A SMITH.
•A'-^CONTttACTOKS- EMPLOYMENT AGCY..
'- 635 Washington st.. near Kearny.
. * Itione James 3301. L. H. CUTTING & CO.
V SEW Rr. R. WORK— FEE $1— FREE FARE.
..* 20 laborers, you'll suit, $2; 10 2-horse
'.' 'teamsters. $2; free fare. >
•.Machinist's helper, country; 5 hay hands,
t^ffonia Co., VS. 50 and found: 2 black-
smiths' helpers, country; 6 boys, learn sash
'end door trade; sticker and planer men;
•.. -tyoociturner; bookkeeper, city lumber co. ;
'•'. • < abinetmaker; tlazer, $3 50 day; 20 laborers,
lumber co.'s R. H . north, you'll suit. $40
* -and found; 10 farmers and teamsters; 2
¦r.ilkers; 5 laborers.
*' * RED CHOES EMPLOYMENT AGENCT,
«02 Clay st.— Phone James 2476.
. .HAY HANDS HAY HANDS
tl r.0 day and board.
• SCRAPER TEAMSTERS DITCH WORK
$1 25 dayand board.
Miikers, $30 to $35 month and found.
Wood turner. $3 50 day.
Other Jobs. Come, read our bulletin boards.
¦ ' ' </ -' 2 Ctey 6t -- near Montgomery.
A— FOUR millwrights. $4 a day large lumber
• company, north. Al Job; 3 -vasoline launch
engineers, city, $12 week: man and wife $50
.and round: call early on this. PACIFIC
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. C3S Commercial.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
I4ar norter, $25; porter than can drive, $30.
• , for country; eilverman, resort, $25; second
' cook. $40.
" STEJJPGRAPHER and bookkeeper wanted;
one who is accurate and rapid; permanent
poaltlon in an adjoining city for right party;
rtate experience, age and give references.
Address F. W. POWER, care Lick Hotel, or
call Wednesday afternoon.
WANTED — Young man from 17 to 20 years of
age for office position; must have fair ed-
..ugation. write a good hand and be willing
to start low with good chaaee* of advance-
ment. Box 931. Call office.
. TALENTED specialty salesman to sell par-
ticular lines of groceries and liquors; name
former employers, reference-, experience,
.• caj«bl!lU*s, etc., and amount salary re-
• quired.' Box 030, Call office.
SALESMEN wanted to sell nursery stock;
oash advanced weekly; write immediately for
territory before It is all assigned. CHICO
NURSERY CO., Chlco, Cal. .
¦ YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home.
evenings; fi 50 week. Bend addressed en-
velope for particulars Manager Dept. 6 4,
box 1411. Philadelphia, Pa.
.BOY wanted to learn printing; nice appear-
ance; $3 week. 616 Commercial ft.
•COOD mill man and amalgamator: state — f-
. erences, age, experience. JJox 022. Call.
SOBER German, steady, references, handy,
tend bar. wine house; married preferred.
Bex 038, Call offlc*.
FRIGHT strong boy in & wholesale house;
• *rtate are and referenoea. Box 841, Call.
•WANTED — Non-union boilermakera. Call room
'¦ ' 2.1. 239 Powell et.. 2 to 4 p. m.
GOOJ> coatmakers and basters. S. N. WOOD,
49 Qeary «t.
''EXPERIENCED bill clerk who operates type-
• writer. J. H. NEWBAUER & CO., Whole-
. sale Crocsre. 107 Front «t-
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade, free cf charge. Western College of
. Barbers, u: Commercial st,
IIELP JVVA.VTED — MALE — Con.
A— MURRAY & READY. C34 and'«3fl Clay st,
LfaUing Emplryment and Labor Agents. •
' PHONE MAIN 581S.
WE SPEAK
SPANISH. SWISS FRENCH.
GERMAN. GREEK. ITALIAN.
Your fan free. Look— Free fare
TO STATE OF NEVADA
If you stay four months. THAT'S ALL.
IT. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
2«5 two-horse teamftcrs. $00.
Kit! laborer*, you'll suit. $00.
95 drillers, rockmen hammersmen, $75.
Eight hours' work daily; hundreds going. •
6 carpenters, city jobs. $4 day.
4 plumbers, fare $1 80. $5 day.
Wheelwright, operate wheel machine, fare $1,
$3 day
Holler-maker, fare COe, $3 and $3 50 day.
Wheelwright, f>0c fare. $"><> found.
lfl coopers, slack work, strarty.
Carriage painter, sticker han.l. country. $?
day.
Molrler and sticker hand.
Gang erfgerman. fare $1. $55 to $70 found.
Screw turner, Santa Clara County, $7.">.
ft door nioMers. lumber company, boss here,
$2 5<> to $3 60 day.
Double-tree shaper and spindle 6haper, $3.
4 blrfhglers. $1 per M.
Edgerman. fare $1 fif» $45 found.
14 blacksmiths and helpers. *4. $3, $2 day.
STABLEMEN.
26 stablemen city and country, $76, $60. 150. |
HAYMAKERS.
25 haymakers, mowers. $1 25 day and found.
2« vineyard and orchard hands. $2G, $30 fa.
36 milkers and butter-makers. $30 to $50 fd.
16 choremen and boys. $15 to $30 and found.
MINES.
12 machine miners, $90.
186 woodchoppers, all over Callfornla.
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
26 cooks $30. $40, $50. $60. $70 and found.
16 waiters. $25. $."<!, $40 and found.
15 dishwashers. $20. $25. $30. $35 found.
12 porter*, bell and elevator boys. $30 to $15.
LAUNDRY.
20 laundrymen. different departments. $15 -to
$22 week.
BAKERS.
2 first, 4 second on bread, 1 second on cakes.
MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS.
TELEPHONE AND LETTER ORDERS.
Poor molder, 55c fare, $2 to $3 a day.
Lather and shlngler, SOc fare, $4 a day.
35 HAYMAKERS.
$1 50. $1 50 and found day. $1 50.
Painter, carriage works, fare $1 50, $50 fd.
Logger, understands rigging, north, $<50 fd.
Screw turner, small L. mill; $55 and found.
Young man. office work, $6 week.
Screw turner, south; edgerman. south; hook
tender, eouth.
2 brick loaders, country, 25c M.
Vegetable gardener. $30.
3 plumbers, $4 day.
Coremaker. city, good Job, $3 flay.
6 carriage painters, $12 to $15 week.
Boys learn trades. Weavers on blankets.
FREE FARE TO ALL.
a BOILERMAKERS, boss here. $3 60 to $4
day. time and half overwork, including board
and lodging.
Roller grinder for flourmill.
6 farmers wives, $70. $•><) $50, $40 found.
LOOK.
Ironer, charge of countrj' ironing, $75.
Roustabout, musician preferred, springs, $30.
C sertion hards, fare We. $1 60 day.
10 farm hands, southern town, $1 25, $1 50
day.
Best Places at MURRAY & READY,
Best Wages at <Vi4-fi."6 Clay st.
BUTCHER..alI -round man. fare $1. $35 found;
second cook, $15 found; teamster, light wag-
on; chef cook $60; second cook, $25 found;
steamer, together.
5 laborers. Swedes. Danes or Norwegians,
for big lumber company $."J5 and found.
« drillers, city Job $<;7 50.
MURRAY & READY. 034 and 636 Clay st.
| CARPENTER foreman. SOc fare. $4 day.
2 lathers ROc fare. $2 50 day.
Band sawyer, city mill, $2 50 day.
16 miners, gold gravel mine. $75.
25 laborers, gold quartz mine. $67 50.
S machine miners. $00.
Man and wife, man help In kitchen, buy for
b. h.. wife wait at table, mine. $60 found.
Ironer. country, fare $1 25, $2 50 day.
Wood turner. 55c fare. $3 to $3 50 day.
Teamster, city, 2 horses, strong, stout man,
$3 a day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
12 laborer*, fare $1 50. $60.
12 laborers. 25c fare $2 day.
LOOK.
2 bricklayers free fare. $1 .day and found.
LOOK.
4 carpenters. 50c fare, $3 .10 a day.
2 stablemen, mine town. $35 found.
Stableman, milk one cow, $35 found.
LOOK.
Cook institution $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
LUMBER SYNDICATES.
25 laborers, youill suit. $45 and found.
24 laborers, mills- and yards. $60.
EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD LUMBER JOBS.
Brick setter Northern Cal., $4 day found.
BUTCHERS.
Shop wagon butcher, fare $1 50. $40 and fd.
Ranch butcher south, fare $4, $40 and fd.
LOOK.
Waiter. Eureka, fare paid. $35 and found.
Camp cook, ranch, boss here, $40 and found.
Baker, country shop, $50 and found.
Second baker, city Job. $15 and found.
Ranch ccok. boss here. 15 men, $35 and fd.
MARRIED.
Cook and wife, lumber company. $75.
Farmer and wife, fare $1 25, $50 and found.
Farmer and wife. Monterey County $45 fd.
ENGINEERS, ETC.
2 gasoline engineers, city. $12 week.
TinFtnith. factory, fare SOc, $3 day.
3 milkers together, fare $1, $30 and found.
Vegetable gardener, north. $30 and found.
2 sailors, tug boats. $12 week.
HAY BALERS.
12 hay balers, 50c fare. 25c ton.
155 haymakers. $1 50 day and found.
FOREMEN.
3 tunnel foremen, bo«» here.
FREE FARE— NEVADA.
155 drillers. Government work.
155 headermen. Government work.
LOOK.
Kdgerman. lumber company. $3 day.
Carriage painter, fare 30c. $3 50 day.
2 painters and paper hangers, city, $3 day.
Rough cement finisher, free fare, $4 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A MAN and wife for private place in country;
woman to cook; man for outside work; $50.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter, near Powell.
~~ ALL^ ~~
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer an.1 catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — A first-class furnishing goods
salesman: must have had experience in that
particular line. Apply S. N WOOD & CO ,
740 Market et.
A SPOTTER and dry cleaner, first-class work-
man cf steady habits, wanted at once at
Presidio Heights Dye Works; wages $4 &0 per
day whole year rnuml.
WANTED — 1 or 2 men to learn a good trade;
can get employment the year round; $25 re-
quired. 310>4 Folsom st., upstairs.
GERMAN boy for grocery store; about 18 or
20; must" furnish city references. 2107 Golden
Gate ave.
BARBERS — I want to buy all or half intere-t
in good paying shop. Address box OK}. Call.
EXPERIENCED German boy for grocery store;
must furnish city references. 443 Geary st.
BARBERS — Three-chair shop for sale. Inquire
H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop in wholesale dis-
trict. Call 09 Fremont Bt.
WANTED— A painter. 22 Third st.
BU8HELMAN wanted. Rooms C and D,
Palace Hotel.
ERRAND boy wanted at 259 Stevenson St.,
between Third and Fourth.
BARBERS — First-class 2-cbalr shop and bath,
cigar stand and laundry office for sale cheap;
a fine opportunity. Box 54, Campbell, Cal.
UNCLE SAM wants help: examinations for
custom-house positions will be held in July;
*PP*y for our free catalogue giving par-
ticulars. Pacific Correspondence Institute,
Grant bldg.. cor. Market and Seventh sts.
WANTED — Three first-class carriage black-
smiths and three first-class body makers;
good wages and steady employment to right
parties. Apply A. MEISTER A EONS CO., I
Sacramento. Cal. '
WANTED— Solicitor for Berkeley: good pay
right man. Box 20. Call office. Berkeley.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rotkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third «t.: 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per nlcht.
A MAN of inimitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 478, Parrott building. '
' TRT our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 SO pair; foot-form chocs at $2 CO; ir« pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d st..Exam. bid.
YOUNG man to learn barber tradt; wages
while learning. 741 A Howard st.
EAILORll and young men (green hands) for
chips. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phetan bldg.
Fast Com. Geo. B. Thomas l'c*t, G. A. K.
BY A riTTING ADVERTISEMENT -IN THE XIALL •..:.•. *THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1904
(contractor), architect J. F. Dunn — All work
for a three-story frame building (three flats)
on lot on SW corner of Taylor and Lombard
streets S 25 by W 77:6: fSOOO.
Mrs. Catherine J. or Kathertne J. Casstdy
(owner) with Edward Gtnley (contractor)
architect — All work except foundations
for a two-story frame building tflats) on NW
corner of Twentieth and Point Loboa avenues
to point of beginning:. N 150. W 120. N 23 E
120. S 25; $4750.
Maurice O'Dowd (owner) with samp con
tractor, plans by owner — All work for a two
etory frame building (flat*) on E line of Elev
enth avenue. 150 N of Clement street N 23 by
E 120 outside lands 172: $3830.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
Monday. May 23.
Stmr Centennial. Strand. iTacoma.
,'> Schr Olga. Waldwlck. Humboldt BaT.
DOMESTIC PORT.
ABERDEEN—Sailed. May 23—Schr 8ehome
for Redondo. : ¦ • . .
Arrived May 23—Schr A. B. Johnson, hence
Majr 10.
. Same to James MrCullough. lot on N line
of Green street, 100 E of Laguna, E 25 by N
137:0: $^ — .
Same to William McCormlck. lot on E line
of Fillmore street, 77:4% S of Clay Btreet. S
25 by E 1)0:6; $ . .'•¦
' Louis W. and Mary H. Harinsch and Mary
Muller (wifo of August A.) to Andrew Hunker,
lot on'SE corner of Post and Steiner streets,
E 27 by S 75; $10.
8. Robltscher to Glrolamo D. Fabrls, lot on
NE corner. of Turk. and Stetner streets. E 31
by N 87:0. quitclaim deed; $1.
Jiirais Hart to same, same, quitclaim deed; $1.'
Charles J. M. and Emille E. Koerrtg to
James T. Donahue, lot on S line of Bush street.
222:«! W, of Steiner. .W ,25 by S 137:6: $10.,
Frederick L. and . Ella M. Hansen '• to Rose
S. Frohman and Fannie S. Nathan, lot on S
line of Eddy street. 87:6 E of Scott, E 25 by
8 82:6: $10. v-,~ ¦ , • ¦
Daniel P. Quinlan to Mary A. Quinlan. lot
on N line of Tyler street (Golden Gate avenue)
S2:6 E of Scott. E 27:6 by N 120; also Jot on
SW. line of Eighth street. . 175 W. of Bryant.
NW 25 by SW 85; also lot on N line of Tyler
street ''(Golden Gate avenue), 110 E ; of 8cott,
E 12 Inches by N 120: grift.. , : ,
,. City and County of San Francisco « to Gio
vanni Blgnotti.* lot ; on N lino , of Geary, etreet,"
87:6 W of Scott. W' 25 by N 137:6; $ . -
Same to \ John J. Spicker. lot on SE corner
John S. and Eleanora Howell to J. Fi Bruns,
lot on S line of Union street, 31 W of Octavla,
W 3% Inches. S 75, E 3% inches, N 75; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Minna
Ehrlich, lot on N line of Golden Gate avenue,
<0 E of Fillmore street. E 30 by N 100; $ .
Same to Alice B. Talbot, lot on E line of
f* e 'ner street. 28 N of Sacramento. N 25 by
Emma G. Butler to William Crocker. lot on
S line of Geary street. 147:* E of Steiner. E
82:6 by S 137:6; $10.
William and Carrie B. Crocker to Albert
Pike Memorial Temple Association, lot on S
line of Geary street, 147:6 E of Steiner, E
82:6 by S 137:6; $10..
Gertrude M. O'Brien to Etta G. Block, lot
on E line of Devisadero street, 75 N of Mc-
Allister. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Morris and Emma Slminoff to Fredericfca
Bauer, lot on E line of Masonic avenue, 75 S
of Oak street, S 25 by E 80; $10.
James C. Jordan to John H. Merglure. lot
on E line of Michigan avenue. 200 N of Rich
mond avenue. N 33:4. by E 120; $10.
Lange Investment Company (corporation) to
Elizabeth N. Campbell (wire of R. H.), lot on
E line of Shrader street, 75 N of Parnassus,
N 25 by E 100: $10.
Same to John Parker, lot on E line of
Shrader street. 60 N of Parnatsus, N 25 by E
100; $10.
Joseph F. Dolan to James H. Kelly, lot on
W line of Noe street. 222 S of Nineteenth, S
25 by W 125: $10.
R. and Florence Clark to John S. Howell.'
lot on N line of Seventeenth street. 109:8 E
of Market, E"21:3%, N 113, SW 27:11%. S
93:9; $10.
Robert Watson to Frances Watson, lot on |
S line of Twenty-third street. 70 E of Capp, j
E 52:6 by S 40: gift., :
Robert and Lottie B. Withers to Charles
Rienecker. lot on E line of Chattanooga street,
65 N or Twenty-third, N 25 by E 117:6; $10.
Mnry E. McAlester to Ada'M. I. McMahan
and Nellie V. C. McAlester, lot on W line of
Yerha Buena street. 115 S of Clay. S 45 by W
80; also lot on N line of Commercial street,
111:11 W of Kearny, W 30 by N 68: sift.
John C. Persls, H. and Edward Coleman to
Frank P. Deering, lot on N line of Ellis street;
107 W of Jones, W 38 by N 120; $10.
Frank P. Deerlnj? to Edward Coleman, same;
$10.
Isabel and James J. Gillen. Mary Lynch and
Catherine Debes to August Maizner. Nicholas
Kremer and Frank J. Carroll, lot on NW line
of Jesxie street, 323 SW of First. SW lS-^by
NW 62: Krant.
Sarah A. Blaek to Esther E. Black and Car
rie M. Ixiok. lot on SE line 9t Howard street,
1O4:2 NE of Third. NE 38:4 SE 80 NE 12:6,
SE 10, SW 50. NW 10. SW 0:10, NW 80; also
lot on W line of Railroad avenue. P0:0% S of
Paul street. W 113:2%; S 50, E 110:0!,. N to
npglnniPK. lots 21 and 22, block 1. Garden
Tract; gift.
James L. Crlttenden to Elfin O. Haydchfeldt,
lot on E corner of Eighth and Howard streets,
NE 137:6 by SE 137 :«; also lot on N line of
Post street. 110 W of Larkin. W 67:6 by N
120: also lot on NW corner of Geary and Web
ster streets W 28:9 by N 115; also lot on N
line of Pacific street, 101 :« W of Dupont. W
36. N 137:6. E 56. S 72. W .20, S 65:6; also
property out of county; $10.
Annie B. Campbell to Roundtree Home Build
ing Company, lot on E line of Twenty-sixth
avenue, 108 N of Lake street, N 26 by E 120;
$10.
Daisy L. Rountree to same. samej^lO.
Margaret A. and John B. Glunz- to Mattie
P. Hatcher, lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 250
S of Lake street, S 25 by E 120; $10. .
Frank 1*. H. and Minnie C. Pegel to George
W. and Bertha A. von Ahn. lot on E line of
Eleventh avenue. 225 N of Clement street, N
25 by E 120; $10.
Charles 11. Waldman to Charles Schoene. lot
on W line of Tenth avenue, 75 S of Clement
Btreet. S 25 by W 120; $5..-
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to- Henrietta
F. Robinson, lot ond N lint of B street, 105
E of Second avenue. E 30 by N 100, $10.
Clty^and County of San Francisco to Mar
garet A. Skelly, lot on S line of C street, 86:10
E of Forty-second avenue.'W 8C:10 by S 31S by
NE 358:8; $ .
Virginia C. Hardin to Adellna P. de Balart.
lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue, 100 N of I
street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
W. A. Boole & Son tq Solomon Getz, undi
vided half of lot on SW corner of Ninth avenue
and J street, W 240 by S 300; $5000.
Harriet V. Brownell »to Ada I. MoMahan
(wife of Mabry). lot on W line of Nineteenth
avenue. 82:6 S of K street. S 17, W 10T:6,
N 67, E 7:ft, S 50. E 100; $10.
Ada I. and Mabry McMahan to Ancie E.
Smith, lot on SE • corner ¦ of Twenty-eighth
avenue and L street. E 32:6 by S 100; $10.
Julius Peterson or Pedersen to Peter M.
Berntsen, lot on S line of O street.. 57:6 E of
Forty-second avenue. E 50 by S 100, and prop
erty out of county; $10
Francis M. Tuley to J. W. Wright & Sons
Investment Company, lot on NW line of Ma
drid street. 50 . SW of France avenue. S W 25
by NW 1C0. block 25, Excelsior Homestead;
$10.
¦ J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company
to Charles H. and Edith Harjrer. F.ame; $10.
/ Ernest S. and Helene Burkhard to P. Emll
| and Christina Forsstrom, lot on NE line of
CMna avenue, 25 NW of Naples. NW 60 by
I NE 100, block 48. Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Edward D. Swift to Axley Cox. lot on SE
line of San Jose avenue. 514:01 N of Ocean
avenue. NE 25:2% E at an angle of 82 degrees
3.'>% minutes with San Jose avenue 100, S 23.
W 103:2%. lot 6, block 33. West End map
No. 1; $10.
Edward and Elizabeth Hertnke to Jacob Hey
man Company, lots 21 and 23. block 17. Ploche
and Robinson subdivisions San Miguel Rancho;
510. / . ,' - -¦
MONDAY, MAY 23.
City Rnd County of San Francisco to Oeorire
de Urloste. lot on S lln« of Fell street. S2:9 W
of Van Ness avenue. W 27 by S 120; $ — — . -^
SATURDAY. MAY 21
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Atlllo Boschettl (owner) with G. Capelll &
Co. ' (contractors). architect— All work ex*
cept shades and gas fixtures for a two-story
and basement frame building (flats) ' on lot on
HE corner of Julius and Lombard sts. 85:6 J3
of Dupont/ thence , E 26 by N 70; $2000.
B. Shldeman- (owner) with Brode & Clark
Iron. Works . (contractors), architects Meyer &
O" BrSen — Steel - and s cast Iron , work, etc., for
building on lot • on • E line of . Stockton street,
30 8 of Butter,- S 20:6% by E 80; $5705.
Doris ¦¦ Heuer (owner) with Alfred Legault
- Carrie E. and Benjamin Walton or Golds
broaeh to William H. and Mary J. Stark, lot
on NW 1 corner of Edinburffh street and Ama
zon avenue. N 165:0. W 100, S 175:6. E lOO:."?.
lot 3. 'block. 41. Excelsior -Homestead, quit
claim deed; ?10. , a
George and Kate Ryan to Joseph Baumann.
lot on W line of Butler street and NE line of
Tomaso. N 113:5^. W 25. S 9!>:2V4, SE 28:9,
lots 0 to 11. block 2, • Franconla; $10.
John F. and Mary Jones to; David Park,
lot on SE corner of Randolph and Bright
streets, E 1 100 • by S 100. lots 25 to 28 block
53. City Land; $10.
. Builders' Contracts.
Dora and William- or Wilhelm Fuchs to
Joseph McCloskey, lot on S line of I street,
57:6 E of Twelfth avenue. E 25 by a 100; $10.
W A. Boole & Son to McEwen Brothers,
undivided % of lot on NW corner of Tenth
avenue and K< street. W 240. N 400:9, NB
241:4. S 485:5. and all Interest In outside lands
730: ?10.
Middlemas Company (corporation) to same,
lot on NE corner of Eleventh avenue and K
street. E 240, N 4S5:5, SW 142:4, S 460:9; $10.
S. Ducas Company, (corporation) to Virginia
C. Van Auken, lot on S corner of Seventh
avenue and D street, SE 75 by SW 100. lot
8, . block 149, . South San Francisco Homestead
and Railroad Association; $10.
Theresa A. Oelrichs and Virginia Vanderbilt
to Jean and Emtlle Tisne, lot on S line of
Newman street. 160 E of Bennlngton, E 50
br S 100. lot* 11 and 12. block 11, Fair's
subdivision of Holly Park: $10.
Anna D. Joost to David A. Thompson, lot
38. block 3.. Sunnvslde; 810.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Samuel
and Mary E. Johnston, lot on W line of Con
necticut street. 00:9% N of Eighteenth. N
27:3% by W 100; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to William
H. and Pauline Kesslng, lot on W line of
Second avenue, 343:7 N of A street. N 25
by W 120; $10.
Bay District Land Company to Edward A.
Cohen, lot on E line of Fourth avenue. 110
S of B street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to John
H. Schleef, lot on E line of Valencia street,
230 S of Sixteenth, S 30 by E 06:10; $ .
Frank Q. " Gordon and Grace M. Kent, vs.
.Elisha F. Gordon (by G. H. Umbscn. referee)
to B. Scbaffer, lot on E line of Capp street,
220 S of Eighteenth, S 30 by E 122:6; $4600.
B. (or Benjamin) Schaffer to Frank I. and
Catherine Franclscovlch, same; $4G40.
City and County of San Francisco to Harry
C. Best, -lot on E line of Noe street. 230 N
of Fourteenth. N 25 by E 162: ? .
City and County of* San Francisco to Au
gustus J. Ranken, lot on S line of Fourteentn
street, 105 W of Sanchez, W 175 by S 115;
5— . - / -
City and County of San Francisco to Ellen
and Mary Neyland, lot on W line of Noe
street. 76 N of Henry. N ."9 by W 06; $ .
Ruth M. Beck to Thomas E. Brophy. lot
on W line of Folsom street, 32 S of Twenty
second. S 83 by W ICO; $10.
Frances E. and Alice M. Beck to same,
same; $10. -
James J. Mlley to Annie L. Miley, lot on
W line of Valencia street, 130 S of Twenty
fifth. S 32:6 by W 90; gift.
John J. Guilfoyle Jr. to Walter Gallagher,
lot on S line of Alvarado street. 109:6 W of
old San Jose road. W 50 by S 114; $10.
George and Stella M. Leviston to Charles
M, Volkman. lot on N line of Jackson street,
50 W of Sansome, W 40 by N 60; $10.
Max W. Zuckerman to Walter Green, lot
on E line of Brooklyn place. 57:6 S of Sac
ramento street. S 20 by E 57:6; 810.
Charles J. Hlrsch to Rcsa Hlrsch, undivided
one-thlid of lot on E line of Jansen street,
49:6 S of Lombard street, S 44, E 50 N 34:194.
NW 12:10. W 41:0%: SKOO.
AUesandro and Adelc Zabaldano to Teonesto
and Maddalena Vlcchlo. lot on S line of Green
wich street. 68:3 W of Mason, W 46 by S 60;
$10.
Ellen (or Nellie) Peel to Jane K. Babklrk
(wife of Alexander C.),- lot on N line of Green
Btreet, 130 W of Hyde, N CO by W 20: $10. ¦
Mary White to Horace C. Sexton, lot on SW
line of Second street. 47 NW of South Park
avenue. NW 22:6 by SW 74; $10.
Edgar D. Pelxotto and Moritz Stlverman to
Gustav and Freda Spirz. lot on SW line of
Langton street. 105 NW of Bryant, NW 25
by S W SO; $10.
George L. and Margaret E. Center to John
Cepter. lot on SE corner of Nineteenth and
Harrison - streets. S 200. E 200, S 200, W
200; $10.
Investor (corporation) to John Watts, re
record 10C0 D. 285. lot on W line of Vermont
street. 133 1-3 N of Twenty-third, N 33:4 by
W 100: $10.
of California and Devisadero streets, E 25 by
S 110; $ .
Same to Isador Rosenzwelg, lot on N line
of Sacramento street,- 150:3 W of Scott. W 25
by S 127:SVi: % .
- Christine Glrsch (Helbush) to Dorothea Wat
son, lot on S line of Clay street, 1S1:3 W of
Scott, W 25 by S 127 :SU: $10.
Theresa A. Oelrichs to Joseph Harvey. • lot
on NW corner of Sutter and Devisadero streets.
N 40 by W 100. quitclaim deed- $1.
Edmund ¦' L. Van der Naillen to Margaret
Van der Naillen, lot en N line of Post street.
165 W of Brpderick, W 41:3 by N 137:6; girt.
Pacific Improvement Company (corporation)
to Mary M. Miller (wife of George B.). lot
on S line 'Of Carl street/ 125 W of Clayton,
W 25 by S 137:6: $10.
AJamen H. ' Morrlssey to William C. Mead5,
lot on W line of Laurel street, 107:7i» N of
California. N 25 by W 112:6; $3700.
Alexander and Jacet Robertson to Jesse W.
Lilienthal. lot on S line of Jackson street.
120:3 W of Spruce, W 50 by S 127:8%; $10.
Johanna M. Peetz to Antonio J. C. Schulken
(wife of H.), lot on N line of Elliott Park,
506 W of Steiner street. W £2 by N 70; gift.
- Henry and Alice Kahn to Enrico Riboni.
lot on E line of Dolores street, 8S:8 S of Fif
teenth. S 25 by E 149; $lb.
ALAMEDA, May 23. — Chaplain C.
C. Bateman, who served -vrtth the
United States army in Cuba and the
Philippines, will lecture on "The
Campaign In Santiago" before the
Unitarian Club Wednesday night. La
dies will be the guests of the occasion.
An opening and closing solo will be
given by Slgnor Avedano, tenor. On
"Wednesday evening, June 1, Major H.
T. S.ime, who went to the Philippines
with , the First California Regiment,
•will tell of his experiences during a
residence of four .years In the islands.
Unitarian Club Lectures.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 23.
— Thomas Andrew Storev, director of
the Encina Gymnasiurh, left this after
noon* for an extended Eastern trip,
ending- at •¦ Harvard University, where
he will spend a year in study and in
vestigation. Since 1902, when Dr.
Storey received the Ph. D. degree from
Stafford for original investigations
embodied in his masterly thesis, "Some
Studies in Voluntary Muscular Con
traction," the gvmnasium instructor
has been carrying on advanced work
in physiology in the Stanford labora
tories for his M. D. degree. His special
hobby has been, as before, muscular
contractions, and the work he has done
has received much praise from inves
tigators all over the United States.
The work next year in the gymna
sium will be directed by Holbert "W.
Chappel, '01, this year's assistant.
Storey will return at the beginning of
.the university year in 1905 to open the
mammoth new Stanford Gymnasium,
now in the course of building. During
his Eastern visit he will become fa
miliar with similar institutions at Har
vard, Princeton, Yale, and especially at
Columbia. The wrestling, boxing and
fencing, now directed by student as
sistants, win then be controlled by
hired instructors. It is said that Frank
W. Erne, the ex-champion lightweight,
is considering an offer to leave his po
sition at Columbia and come to Stan
ford.
¦ - . . ' v
Frank Erne, the Boxer, May
Be Engaged to Come to
the Palo Alto Institution
WILL EETURX IN 1905
Stanford's Gymnasium Di
rector Will Pursue His In
vestigations at Harvard
STOREY LEAVES
FOR THE EAST
14
uboMs for o j^ s Jti5E£J!3Ji5!b33£££; • »
rAVLOR. 504. near~Gear> ¦— Nice clean sunny
rooros; hou^keeptng; corner housej_cheap 1 _
tFtClTsTKlT :22a. near nduy— Three vei-y nice- ' ,
• ly tandxbed housekeeping rooms: phone ana (
. bath. • .
A I iVeRTISEM ICNTS. «ubscriptlor.s received at
• Cal] branch office, cor. Duncwn & Church « t ». .
>— —^ — — — — — — — —^ i
Deastttvnr i'Ki" »"<* tU u ar !. y; «r,--"« 4 n r^ om / n and .
V.alh e»MJi: all ui;!urni?hed; $^« 50 to «.«.
Mat;* rofrvatlona now. .
lt <TC1I n 115 Fell.above Van Ne«s ave.— The I
•acme of P-rf<c1ion in modern, elegantly fur-
•\ish.*d .:-rooTn apartments. with private baths. .
wtmm tart electric !l K ht elevator, gas ranges;
tSO. ?3:.. t-<7. tiO. US. »47 50. $5u. $55.
BT LOUIS 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
roc£»: Wrn. or unfurn.: ref>. Tel. East 1350.
APARTMENTS WAgTEP.
I-P.OOM apartment wanted, furnished com-
' plfte Tnr houKkeeping. Addrees box 165.
C«il office. *
vVANTED-— An apartment of 3 furnished rocms j
tcr hougeke»p:rc. Box 15S. Cal: effice. !
MO'iM* T«» I.KT— Kuro. nn«l t'nfirn.
A^n7u?N^VIC!rTilouseri48 Sixth st.— Room* J
to $1 per night. $1 26 to $5 per week and
;ighfhou*ekp*picg roomi: open all night.
AT "The Almont*." 873 Market st <or No. 1
Fifth «t.>— Rooms. 25c. 50c. Jl. fl 60 Right.
SJ 5J to $10 week: house open all night.
"ALDINE." 404 Turk— Sunny rooms. $10 and
$12 mor.th: one $6; running water In all.
BUCHANAN 617— Front eunny alcove and
kitchen: bath and phone; rent reasonable.
BnRNETfri426~3>larket <c\4 No. 1364)— Fur-
:-.ifh«-d rocms. suite, tingle; also unfurnished.
Bl'?H. 502— Newly furnished rooms: ruite or -
tingle; with or without board; reasonable. J
BL'SH. I1S3— 2 furnished rooms; hot and cold
•¦^thi^
cETkFOKD. £f>4 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
Jurriishc-d sunny rooms; prices Reasonable.
EP1>Y. 8-4—3 connecting sunny parlois; will
he fitted to fu» gvr.tlrmen or a professional.
EDDY S79 — Newly ;urr.ishpd and partly fur-
nifht-d tur.ny for. rooms: centrally located.
El<yiTrt. 10>^ — front room; also bedroom and
fciirhen. *
ELEVENTH. IIP Iiiliij single rocms, $5 and
Slit mor.th; quiet houge.
rc-LSOM. M3— 2 neatly furnished front rooms;
dojiblo and eln-le.
FRANKLIN. 721, near Golden Gate ave. —
S-:-n:.y rurriished front room; $7 50; all con-
veniences.
GRAND Sout'.cm. 7th end Mission — Rooms 35c
t< $1 25 r.'.ght: $1 50 to $6 wk.: reading-room.
ilARIHT. !'2O— Handsomely furnished eunnjr
elcowe irontf rocm.
HOTEL DIFFERIN. 749 Ellis — Elegantly fur-
rlehtd BViltet and single rooms.
ROWABO, S40O. corner Twentieth — Large,
sunny. Jurnished bedroom: large garden.
JONES 1001— Elegantly furnished front. room.
.running water. Urge closet; low rent for
s-urr.Rjer.
LEAVEN WORTH. 71 ISA — Sunny furnished
ruomt. Phone Larkin 4739.
MARKET. lOT^— A very reasonable price; 2
«r 3 liousekeeptBS rooms.
MCALLISTER, 511— Sunny furnished rooms;
pas end running water.
MCALLISTER. 1342— Suit or single, breakfast
if o>str*-d; bath; phone Page 104.
OTARBELL. 439 — Neat front room: private
• family; Fuitable for one or two persons; reas.
U'FARRELL, 1*24 — Large, bright unfurnished
ruom.
POST. bS9. near Hyde — Large furnished front
room: bath: gas: for 1 or 2 gents.
ROVAL Hous*". 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
r»a<!!ng-room. emoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
tn.SS; ir.onth. $8 to $30: elevator on ground
floo«-; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
PUTTER. 152»— Handsomely furnlshtd suite,
ruitable for doctor or dentist.
:!!E ST. KATHRYN. NK. cor. Leavenworth
and E1IU— Sur.nleM. rooms In the city; new
hotel; jurt furnished fresh and clean: hair
rratt:e»et in every room; also hot and cold
water, baths, etc.; steam heat throughout;
' «;evator «ervlce and every modern conveni-
«k»: rooms from S3 per week up.
UNITED STATKS. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
reemf. 35c tn $1 night, f 1 75 to $6 week: elec-
tric lights 'no gar), running water In every
room; elevator.read.-room: free bus: baggage.
VAN N*EES. 512— Elegant parlors; suitable for
S pentF; doctor or dentist; mod.; cor. house.
WILLOW ave.. H. ofT Larkin. near Ellis — 3
rooms, complete; sunny; no children.
1Y1MCHUSTEB Hotel. 44 3d ft., near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
M»c to $1 50 night;- $2 to $S week; elevator;
»leo lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF Housp 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 15c
lo *1 pr nisht and from 90c to $5 per week.
AlJVKRTISKMEVTS. subscriptions received at
«~ail branch nfrtc*. cor. Duncan A Church «ta.
Huum *>u no a no.
CALIFORNIA. ITU— Larg». sunny furnished
room with board; suitable for two.
HARRISON. 570 — Good hoard and rooms at
$:i BO for girls: r>i»no; home comforts.
HOWARD. S-IIA— First-clase board and room.
¦ttVte or double. XJ>->6 wk. ; American family.
HofKn, LAIGLON. 501 Oary— Family rooms
i-: <l t.oard: entirely renovated; reas. prices.
O 'FARRELL, 910— Sunny rooms, flrst-claks
l>oard : reasonable.
TOI'NG man to take room and board in pri-
vate family: Wfft'm Addition. Box 296. Call.
, ROOMS AXI) BOARD WANTED.
GOOD board and suite of rooms wanted by
married cocple and one child; give rates.
Box Ift7. Call office.
P.( •' til and board, with use of parlor, wanted
by.mnf _-r and daughter; state rates. Box
J70, Call office.
WANTED — Roem and board for gentleman In
ecsy walking distance of Fourth and Market
t>. Sox 559. Call.
bUlTH cf rootr.s and first-class board wanted
for man and wife. Box 166. Call office.
ROOMS' WAYTED.
S~ADULTP would like 2 furnished rooms; will
tal:e flat with young couple; ref. 2579 Mission.
H:\VI\G MACHIKES A.\D SUPPL.IKS.
BCttftXO MACHINE BARGAIN OPPORTU-
NITY — This week we are cleaning house and
t-hall sell about 50 New Whites that are
slightly shop worn, at 1-3 and ',4 regular
prices. This Is tbe tx«t opportunity ever of-
fered in San Francisco to get the best sewing
machine made at little price. When you buy
or rent a White ynu get the best sewing ma.
chin* on earth. Telephone Black 1106. City
offices, «00 Port «t.; 1841 Flilmore st. an-i
70S Valencia «t.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
ts cheapest; second-hand all makes at *nj
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1C21 Market st.. near Sixth.
JCEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; tlightly used; $10. $15, J20; second-
hand, $3, $5. $8: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
STORAGB AKD WAimilOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van~Co?Tfnraiture^
household roods etored. moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard et.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A— GILBERT & ETOLL Storage Co.; storage
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ners; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. e>f-
fioe Post and Powell sts.: tel. Priv. Ex. 67L
CONKLIN'S €torage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Miseion at.; tel. Howard 841. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Cora-
pasy. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
CEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
et.: tel. Main JM0. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIALISTS.
CATAnRH, brAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
I>oeltively cured; new methods: 1 week's treat-
tnent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutf- at.
>V SPECIAL XOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester'a English Pennyroyal Pills
are beat: safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamp* tor particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In le'.ter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Ctit*.:)»»Ktpr Ch«mlcal Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WAREHOUSES^
Kun SALE OR TO LEASE. "~ ~~
Lot and 4-Klory warehouse, 45:10x120;
ahort block from S. P. freight sheds; apply
ob premises. 18 duxeme at., bet. 4th and Stb.
APVEB.TISF.TffENTa.
ST/YT E 7V\ E IN T
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TEUTONIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW ORLEANS. IN THE STATE OF
Louisiana, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and till of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the-
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $40,000 CO
Cash Market Valu* of all Stocks and
Bond* owned by Company 621,835 00
Cash In Company's Office 333 CS
Cash In Banks 40,949 17
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion # 86,982 85
Total assets $700.100 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $30.120 50
Losses resisted, including expenses. 2.500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $497,419 32:
re-insurance 50 per cent 248.7C9 60
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $213,-
323 09; re-Insurance pro rata 118,583 60
Cash Dividend to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid 13.130 00
Due and to become due for Commis-
sions and Brokerage 2.000 00
Total liabilities $435.043 76
» INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $633,026 06
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 20,772 72
Received fcr interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from ¦
all other sources 20.947 74
Profit en Sale Ledger Assets 8.492 5<i
Total Income $683,239 08
EXPENDITURES..
Net amount raid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $42,385 50, losses of pre-
vious years) $352,964 28
Net amount paid for Marine Loss>s
(Including 5 , losses of pre-
vious years) 2.774 03
Dividends to Stockholders 25,045 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage $138,537 65
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 24,119 34
Paid for State. National, and Local
taxes 17.787 98
All other payments and expenditures. 42.944 IS
Total expenditures $604.172 46
Losses Incurred during the year $365.073 31
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during \he
year .............. $56,333,636 $864,216 00
Net amount of Risks
ySr^.-^f..^? 52.155.280 798.71196
Nge^mbe?.31?1003?? 50.754.799 -Kl.Ttt 41
Risks and Premiums. Marine Risks Premiums.
' Net amount of Risks
written during the
year 7 $4,675,364 $21,623 72
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 4.675.364 21.622 72
' ALBERT P. NOLL. President.
FRANK LANGBEHN. Secretary..
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 22nd
day of January. 1904.
M. C. SC-NIAT.
' Commissioner for California In New Orleans.La.
|
MANX & WILSON, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
SAN FRAXCISCO, CAL.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LAFONCIERE
INSURANCE COMPANY
0P PARIS, IN THE REPUBLIC OF
France, on the 31st day December. A. D.
1903. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
; of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
| condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
1 / CAPITAL.
Amount of Capita] Stock paid up
in Cash $1.250.000 00
ASSETS. ~
Real State owned by Company.. $590,392 33
Cash Market Valu* of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,007.62S 52
Cash In Company's Office 9S.251 05
Cash In Banks 131,031 40
Premiums in due Course of Col-
' lection 620.986 40
! Bills receivable, not Matured.
' taken for Fire and Marine
i Risks 3.496 95
; Rents due and accrued 15,302 20
Due from other Companies for rte-
lnsurance on losses already paid 415.873 80
Total Assets $3,972,962 65
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid...... 1
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense \ $868,601 74
Losses resisted. Including ex- I
penses J
Gross Premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance'100 per cent 246,070 OS
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50 per
cent 346.070 OS
Cash Dividends to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid 4.S46 08
Due and accrued for salaries.
, rent*, etc 7.066 68
! Due and accrued for Commissions
and Brokerage 4O.549 7ft
All other Liabilities 380.593 38
Total Liabilities $1,647,727 70
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Ma-
. rlne premiums $1,693.503 09
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 83.115 05
Total Income $1,781,618 14
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid tor Marine
Losses (including $ . losses of
previous years) $1,027.895 12
Paid or allowed for Commmlsslon
or Brokerage 263,639 62
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 191.693 80
All other payments and expendi-
tures 11.101 18
Total Expenditures $1,494.379 60
G ROBERT. President.
EUGENE SERIS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
12th day of April 1904.
* JOHN K. GOWDT.
•"*:. U. S. Consul General at Paris (France).
MANN & WLLSON. Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
J SAX FRAXCISCO. CAL.
, i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION* AND AFFAIRS
OP THE ¦
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1303. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of "California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections «10 and 611 of tha Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up _
iacash :. <50O.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $.TM.CSO 21
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 761..J12 40
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 1.1S7.C7* 98
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 150.210™)
Cash In Company's Office 9,217 21
Cash in Banks 97.ZTJ 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 11,806 57
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 22J>.$.T35*
Rents due and accrued 2.15920
Interest and rents due.... \ 2.08121
Ground rents. 1S.0COCW
Total Assets .12.865.504 41
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $52,263 22
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 88.1C"»!H
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 16.2S3 33
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,174.-
003 00; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 537,00104
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,156.-
6S6 3S; reinsurance pro rata Wt.072 08
Amounts reclaimable by the In-
sured on perpetual fire insurance
policies 571.055 03
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 32.664 06
Total Liabilities 011.478 63
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,677,203 91
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 38.811 24
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 54,253 5.1
Received for rents 9.SOO S4
Profit on sale of Ledger Assets.... 9,1.16 74
Income from all other sources 2.533 75
Total Income $1,791,960 07
EXPENDITURES. ~~ ~ "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $144,382 S2. losses of
previous years) $779,112 2T
Dividends to St >ckhclders CO.COO 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage S73.0S4 91
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 127.778 93
Paid for State. National asd Local
taxes 40.13614
All other payments and expendi-
tures 92, ISO S8
Total Expenditures $1,442,593 11
~ Fire^
LOSSES incurred during the year... $777. 2SD 34
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks] !
written during the!
year • $150,S03.9S5 $2,035,453 49
Net amount of Risks!
expired during the!
year J 142.213.304 1.S7S.571 80
Net amount In force! (
December 31. 1903. ,| 1S7.556.259; 2.330.690 28
THOMAS H. MONTGOMERY. President!
JOHN EL PACKARD Jr.. Secretary.
Subscribed ami »worn to before me. this 29th
day of January 19O4.
JOHN STOCKBURGER. Notary Public '
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS
4lt and 413 California St
: SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
. C. A. HENRY & CO, CITY AGENTS
215 SANSOME ST.. S. F., CAL.
STATEMENT
or the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE ,
AGRICULTURAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE OP*
New York, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Cbmmission»r
of the State of California, pursuant to th<» pro-
vln-ons of sections 610 ami till of the Political
Ov>. condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In cash $S00.C000O
• ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $.1Ort,27S <*>
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 573.288 7 ¦&
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 941,514 75
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and 'other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 443.211 64
Cash in Company's Office 5,951 33
Cash In Banks 133.333 08
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 17.600 57
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 12,2«5 57
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 234.09S St>
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 1,01029
Total Assets $2,668,555 2t
"v LIABILITIES.
TlTMl adjusted and unpaid $26,909 59
Louses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 5!»,Wt ."w>
Lo?«es resisted. Including expenses. 15.632 CO
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $913,625 CO;
reinsurance 50 per cent. 436.912 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. SI, 613,-
8C9 CO; reinsurance pro rata SI0.S20 03
Commission and Brokerage due and
to become due 5O.799 * ">
All other Liabilities 8.3S3 7.3
Total Liabilities $1,436.95$ 63
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
Premiums $1,210,543 IS
Received fcr interest on Bonds and
Mortgages , 23.S30 IT
Received for interest and dividends
on 'Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources t£.'J*t 08
Received fCT Rents 4.312 41
Total Income ~ ?1.31-',917 12
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire ixrsses
(Including SUS.711 49. losses of
previous years) $572.rtS.T 97
Dividends to Stockholders 5^,<XK> 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage i 2tK.O47 67
Paid fcr Salaries. Fees, and other
charges fcr offers, c l»rks. etc. . . 86.753 »'.S
Paid for Stf/e. National and Local
•axes -¦ 4?.190J>&
All other payments ami expendl-
tures *• • 9?!.f>.>t SJ
'. A Total Expenditures .*t.l 15. l.Ti l'>
* "-Fife:
Losses Incurred during the yw... $5si. Tjs CO
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. I Premiums.
1
Net amount of RtuSu-
r V. t r t ! n ..- dUr A nK .. th : $l«.639.7C0f $1.7SS.Gt9
Net amount of Ri*ksl
/y,.r red . u .. dU^. G . f .^j 155.164.700 1.697.911
December 31. 'WilTj 251.372,200 2.527. 4.".t
~~"~ A. H. SAWYER, Preyl.U-nt.
\V. H. STEVKNS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 21st
day of January. lfl»!4.
L. B. COOKE. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT*:
EDWARD BRQWM S. SONS
GENERAL &G NTS
411 and 413 California St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
GEO. A. MURDOCK & SON, CITY AG NTS
410 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F-, CAL.
«TITTERI\K AM* j*TAMMKRlNf».
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness & Market,
promises cure if in fair health; hours 1 to 5.
TVPEWH1TEKS AXD SUPPLIES.
AN *xceptlonally "good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Emltb Premier $-5; other typewriters ai
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 60. Tb»
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters ai $30 each; get par-
ticulars of U A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. -
ZD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspeo. Co.. 60S Mark»l.
A WFFK'S wi for U c^nts— Tee Weekly Call.
16 uag'n. In wrapper, for mailing. >l vr vqar^
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Bulld-
Jng Society. 6th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building 70S Market «t.. opposite Third—
For the half yea- ending 31st of December.
1903 a dividend has been declared at the
rate' per annum of (12) .twelve per cent oa
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARDl Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 9,- 5 per cent, now due and pay- I
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 405 Mont-
tomny St.. room li. J. HOWARD BARNARD. ;
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO i let; — utnee ol Insurance Commissioner,
San Francisco.' Cal.. May 11, 1804— Having
ascertained that the capital stock of the
Union Surety and Guaranty Company has
become impaired, and that said company has
become insolvent within the true Intent and
meaning of tbe Insurance laws of the State
of California, I have this day revoked its
certificate of authority, previously granted,
as provided in section 600 of tbe Political
Code, and notice Is hereby given that said
company is no longer authorized to transact
the business of insurance within this Stats.
E. MYROX WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
PKOt'U»AL.9. I
PROPOSALS— BIDS WANTED — Notice ia
hereby given that sealed proposals will be
received by tr>- board of directors ol the
Veterans' Home of California, at its office,
room 13, :;-u Sansome at.. San Francisco,
Cal.. up to 11 o'clock a. m., Saturday, June
4, J'Ji'4. and opened immediately ihcrtauer
in the presence of bidders, for furnishing
and dehxering quartermaster and commis-
' »itry supplies, etc. for the Veterans' Hume,
Napa County, California (railroad station
Yountvllle), f. o. b. for six months, com-
mencing July 1. 19U4, and ending December
21. 1U(M. Schedules with information and In-
structions for submittine bids will be lur-
nithed upon application by the undersigned.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules, and no bid will be consid-
ered unless it is In accordance with such
schedules. Bids on tea, coffee and sugar
must be made on samples submitted.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well-known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to C.
Mason Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder will enter into a good and valid
contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bidsgand to order any
quantity over or under the amount of spec-
ified Address John F. Sheehan. secretary of
the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, room 13, 320 Sansom-j
Bt., San Francisco, Cal. By order of the
board of directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN.
Secretary.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon.
June 14, 1904, and publicly opened Immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yards. Mare Island, Cal., and Puget Sound,
Wash., as specified, a quantity of nuts, riv-
ets carriage bolts, washers, brass barrel
bolts, copper rivets and nails, locks, spikes,
screws, drills, taps, hinges, miscellaneous
hardware and hand tools, ash. poplar, spruce,
redwood eugar pine, cherry, yellow bark
oak, mahogany, Oregon pine, piles, ties,
brass and copper rod, sheet copper, sheet
lead, bar iron and steel, steel elates and
shapee, steel billets, corrugated sheet steel,
rails red lead, white, lead, paints, shellac,
glycerin, lye, white gfue, condenser tubes,
brass pipe. Iron pipe, steel boiler tubes,
voice tubing, valves, gauges, pipe fittings,
typewriter paper, wrapping paper, letter
presses. miscellaneous stationery. corn
brooms, feather dusters, coal. wood. Port-
land cement, tar felt sheathing, enamel
cloth, . Dowlas linen, bleached muslin, bath
brick rigging leather, candles, laundry soap,
and asbestos , millboard.' Blank proposals
will be furnished upon application to the
navy pay offices. San Francisco, Cal., and
Seattle. Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS. Pay.
master General. U. S. N. 5-11-04
NOTICE to bidders — Sealed proposals will be
received until June 21, 1904, at 7:30 o'clock
p. m., by tbe Council of the City of Eureka
lor J5000 4Vs per cent Forest Park improve-
ment bonds; $100,000 4hi per cent City Hall
bonds; f 15,000 4'-i per cent fire apparatus
purchase bonds, and $35,000 4% per cent
sewer completion bonds, issued by tbe city
of Eureka under the act of the Legislature
of the State of California \ of February 25,
1901 (Statutes 1801. page 27). They will be In
denomination as follows: Forest Park im-
provement bonds. $125; City Hall bonds,
$5oO; nre apparatus purchase bonds. $375.
iind sewer completion bonds, $875; said bonds
will be dated on or after July 1. 1904. Prin-
cipal and Interest payable at the office of
the City Treasurer of the city of Eureka..
Interest payable eeml-annually, one-fortieth
of principal payable annually, all In United
States gold coin. All bids must be accompa-
nied by a certified check for 5 per cent of
the bid payable to the. Mayor of the city of
Eureka, State of California. The city of
Eureka contains a population of 11,000. as-
eessed valuation $T>,S<tO.(«X». with present
bonded Indebtedness of 1109.250, Incurred in
1902. J. P. WUNDERLICH, City Clerk.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Com-
mandanfe office. Navy- Yard, Mare Island,
• Cal., until 12 o'clock, noon. June 15. 1904,
and publicly op*>npd Immediately thereafter,
to furnish all outside teaming which will be
required at the Navy-Yard, Mare Island.
Cal.. from July I. 1904, to June 30. J905.
For Information as to requirements apply at
the office of the Captain of the Yard.
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies. Office
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco. Cal.,
May 14, 1JK)4 — Sealed proposals for furnish-
ing and delivering of such quantities of mib-
itiaterice supplies, delivered at such wharf or
wharv<s or sucb warehouses In San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Wednesday. May 25. 1904, and
opened Immediately thereafter in presence of
bidders. Specifications, general instructions
to bidders and blank forms ot proposals will
be furnished to established dealers on appli-
cation to C. R. KRAUTHOFF. Major Com'y.
PROPOSALS for drayage — General Depot of
the Quartermaster's Department, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. May 18, 1904 — Sealed proposals
for the hauling of military stores and sup-
plies In and about the city of Sao Fran-
cisco, Cal., for the fircal year commencing
July 1. 1904. will be received at this office
until 11 o'clock a. m.. on Saturday, the 18th
day of June. 1904, and then opened. The
Government reserves the right to reject any
or all proposals. All necessary Information
will be furnished on application to this of-
fice. Envelopes* containing proposals should
be. Indorsed "Proposals for Drayage," and
addressed to Major C. A. Devol, Depot
.Quartermaster. •¦
BQ-yps fob saxe.
BONDS for sale — NoUce Is hereby given that
sealed bid* will be received until 3 o'Caock
p. m., Saturday, May 28. 1901, by the Board
of Control of tbe Territory of Arizona, at U>«
office of said beard In the City of Phoenix,
Arizona, for the sale of Ten Bonds of iht
denomination of Oee Thousand Dollars each
bearing date January 1, 1804. due and payl
able January 1. 1954, bearing Interest at ia«
rate of five per cent (5%) fcer annum, optional
alter twenty-five year?, issued by the Ter-
ritory of Arizona In accordance with the
provisions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-aeo-
ocd Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
and which act has been approved by th«
Congress ot the United States. Interest oa
•aid bonds will be paid seml-annually on
th* first day of January and July o f eacn
year, and both principal and interest DarabU
In gold coin of the United States at th, of-
fice of tbe • Treasurer of said Territory. A
certified check of a responsible bank for 3
per cent ot the amount of the bid. payable
lo the order of ! E. E. Kirkland. Territorial
Treasurer, an* a copy of thla advertisement
must accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
to make payment In full up<;n allotment and
tecder of bonds will be considered a cancel-
Utlon of the bid and forfeiture of tbe check
accompanying the cum. The board reserves
tbe richt to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix Arizona, and marked
"Proposals for purchase of Insane A»y"um
Bond* " ¦ ,' .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were lssuec
yesterday :
John E. Sheridan. 26. Washington, D. C.
and Etta L. French. 22, 008 Pine Btreet. . %.
Frank S. Braum, 20, 75 Jackson street, : am
Maria C. Avlla; IS, 75 Jackson street. .
Torrello Pallastlnt, 25. 110 Pacific street, am
Katie Brignoll. 27, 239 Green street.
Joseph Copeland, 32, 1414 Turk street, mi
Katherlne C. Badger, 24, 1414 Turk street.
Eugene P. . CorrelU 34, Eureka, and Maud
A. Dixon. 20 Fort Bragg.
Robert H. Burrowes, 37. New York, and Til
lie G. Kingsley. 31. 2028 Ellis street.
Albert M. Hansen, 32. 30 Natoma street, an<
Anna Olsen. 20, SO Natoma street.
Hegolo Glovannettl, 25. Richmond, and Al
Una Fftgnani 20, 115 Clark street.
Oscar H. Gruver. 37. Oakland, and Jenni
P. Burnett. 2U, U26 Market street. ',- ¦•
Stunner V. Du Bols. 38, Ban I.eandro. am
Lenora E. Noe, 29 Louisville, Ky.
George T. Arata, 26. 423<V Broadway, an<
Marie R. Ferretti, 2.1. e.WA Filbert street.*
' John B. WeUs, 24. 028 Natoma etreet. ant
. • AususU R. Berberlch, 24, 977 Oak street.
E1RTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notlcea sent hy^j
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column" t
free of charge.
BORX.
DIGGLES— In this city. May 21. 1904, to the
wife of R. N. Diggles, a daughter.
HOWLAND— In this city. May 18, 18.04, to
the wife of H. Frank Howland, a son.
PERCIVAL— In Woodland. Cal., May 15. 1904,
to the wife of W. W. Perclval, a daughter.
QUILLINAN— In Berkeley. Cal.. to the wife
of Michael S. Quillinan, a son.
STRAUB— In this city. May 21 1004, to the
wife of William Straub, a eon.
MARRIED.
BTRON— BARNETT— In this city' May 20,
1004, by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud. Dr. Wil-
liam P. Byron of San Francisco and Jeanette
J. Barnett of Sebastopol, Cal.
LYNCH— BEDGOOD— In this city. May 19.
1904. by the Rev. F. M. Larkin, William F.
Lynch and Grace L. Bedgood, both of San, .
Francisco.
DIED.
Barry, Dora McGary, Alice |
Berry John A. Menges. Mrs. Loulee
Daniels, Adila Mouequll. Bernard
Drewes, Herman Murray, Michael
Harders, Fred T. Pera, Edmond
Hemenway. Mrs.E»T. Quinlan. Daniel P. j
Holman, Charlotte M. Sanders, Charles
Johnston. William Schleemano, W.vJ.
Kammerer. Fred G. Snow, Charlotte U
Kennedy Cacllla Syce. Mamie F.
London, 'Johanna Tiernay. Thomas F.
Lyons, Patrick Voll, Alice A.
Madlgan, John H. -
BARRY— In this city. May 23. 1904, at her
residence, 7 Church lane, off Church street,
? between Sixteenth and Seventeenth, Dora. |
beloved daughter of John and the late Anne
• Barry and beloved sister of Jamee F., Gus-
»ie and John H. Barry, Mrs. William Flem- j
ming and the late Thomas F. Barry, a na-
j tlve of Pan Francisco, aged 25 years.
(C7Notice of funeral hereafter.
BERRY— In this city. May 22, 1904, John A.,
beloved son of the late Michael and Alice
Berry, and brother of James, William and
Harry Berry and Mrs. E. Duffy, a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years 5 months, and j
25 days.
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street,
near Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's Church
for services at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy
CTO6S Cemetery.
DANIELS— In this city. May 22. 1904. Adila,
relict of the late William Daniels^ and
mother of Henry. Ella, .Ethel and George
• Daniels, a native of Ireland, aged 48 years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors cf
McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DREWES— In this city. May 22, 1004. Her-
man beloved husband of Mathilda Drewes.
and 'father of Rudolph Drewes, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 26 years 11 months
and 24 days. - ¦
C7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Craig, Cochran & Co.. 429 Golden
Gate avenue, between Polk and Larkin
streets, under the auspices of Court Stan-
ford No. 27, F. of A. Interment Mount
' Olivet Cemetery- Remains at his late resi-
dence, 3138 Pierce street, near Lombard,
until 8:30 o'clock Wednesday.
HARDERS— In this -city. May 23, 1904. Fred
i T., beloved husband of Johannetta Harders.
and father of Mrs. Ommert. and George.
Fred. Gus, John and Charlie Harders, a
native of Holsteln, Germany, aged 78 years
2 months and 9 days.
HEMENWAY — In Oakland. May 22. 1904. Mm.
Eleanor T. Hemenway. widow of the late
Sylvester Hemenway, and beloved mother of
Eleanor F. Hemenway, a native of Lynch-
burg Va.. aged 76 years 1 month and 27
days! (Los Angeles papers please copy.) '
tCXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence 665 Eighteenth street. Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
j HOLMAN— In this city. May 22, 1004, at the
King's Daughters' Hpme, .Charlotte M. Hol-
man. elster of Mrs. Mary £• Hill, a native of
New York, aged S2 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the par- |
lors of Halsted & Co.. W6 Mission street. !
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. j
JOHNSTON— In this city. May 23. 1904, Wil- j
Ham, beloved hueband of Mary. Johnston, and
father of Marguerite Johnston, a native of
Ireland, aged 49 years.
E7"Nottce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourjh. . ,
KAMMERER— In thie city. May 23," 1904,
Fred G. Kammerer. beloved father of Fred
Kammerer, eon of 'George F. and the lato
Mamie Kammerer, and brother of Mrs. L.
O. Luchepsi and Gustave Kammerer, a na-
tive of Baltimore, Md. j
KENNKDY— In this city, May 23, 1904, Cacilia,
loving daughter of Mary and the late
William Kennedy, and sister of Mary and
Elizabeth Kennedy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 15 years and 10 months.
IC^Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
nt the parlore of Monahan, O'Hara & Co.,
2339-2.541 Mission street.
LONDON— In this city. May 22, 1904. Johanna,
beloved wife of the late Louis A. Loinlnn, j
and mother of Mrs. G. Victor, Mrs. Edward
Mlchales and the late Minna London, a na- I
tlve of Po«en. Germany.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock; from her late
residence. 209 Laussat avenue, oft Etelner I
street, between Halght and Waller. Intel-
meat Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
8' tS. ¦
LYI...S— In this city. May 23, 1004, at 13 Dc-
catur street, Patrick, beloved husband of
Emma Lyons, father of William, Mary, j
Thomas and Annie Lyons, and brother of '
Mm. Ellen Gllhooly. Manna and Annie Lyons, :
and the . late Mrs. Bridget Frawley and .
Thomas Lyons, a native of Creggne, County
Galway. Ireland, aged 4S years and 15 days.
MADIGAN — At Crescent Station, Napa County,'
Cal.. May 23, 1904, John IL. beloved eon of
John and the late Hannora Madlgan, and
loving brother of DaniPl, Mary, Hannah,
Joste and Margaret Madlgan. a' native of
California, aged 30 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), from his late residence, thence
to St. Vincent's Church, Vallejo, where a
r»qulem mass will • be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock. Interment St. Vincent's Cemetery.
McGARY— In this city. May 22. 1904. Alice,
beloved wife of the late Edward McGary,
and mother of Mrs. Samuel Poorman, James
and Charle* McGary. Mrs. W. H. White,
Mrs. J. Uhler Hastings and Edward McGary.
a native of Ireland, aged 80 years. '
IC7" Funeral and Interment private.
MENGES— In Oakland. May 22, 1904, Mrs.
lyoulse Menges, widow ' of the late Adam
Menges, a native of Bielefeld, Germany,
1 aged 84 years. .
C7FrIendg and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
; Wednesday. May 25. at 10:45 o'clock at
: the Oakland Crematorium. Mather and Howe
¦ streets, Oakland. * .
1 MOUSQUIL— In this 'city. May 23. 1904. Ber-
nard Mousquil, "beloved brother of Jean Mous.
' QUll, a native of France, aged 31 years.
(t7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tp attend the funeral to-morrow
| (Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
' avenue, thence to the French Church of Notre I
Dame des Victoires Bush street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
i MURRAY— In this city. May 22. 1904, Michael,
, dearly beloved husband of Maggie Murray,
i and father- of John J. and Joseph 8. Murray,
i a native of Ireland, aged G5 years 5 months
t and 28 days. A member of the Young Men's
Catholic Union. (New York papers please
copy.)
I C7 friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the un-
: dectaklng parlors of Carew &. English, 2!)
' Van Ness avenue, thence to St. Joseph's
1 Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
' menclng ar9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
| Cemetery.
I PERA— In this city. May 23, 1904, Edmond,
I dearly beloved eon of Joseph and Victoria
i Pera, and nephew} * of Antonio and- Sophia
Cuneo. and PellegVlno and Zelinda Pera, a
j native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 6
months and 27 days.
ILV Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 • (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the , resi-
dence of hl» parents. Ill Wildey placev be-
, 'tween' Pine and Bush. Fillmore and Steiner
1 MUSIC «VOCAL'
* Singers supplied for funeral cervices. Either
colo, duet or male quartet, furnished at short
> notice. Had much experience. Address Dl-
3 rector. D. M. LAWRENCE. ¦ 641 Turk street.
e Phone East 1079. * ;
- F. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
- MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission St., near Nineteenth.
e San Francisco. ._¦'¦-. ¦ ,
3 ' James McGinn,' Henry Hansen. I
' . ¦ • JAMES McGINN & CO., I
1 Formerly With McGinn Bros., .-.-'' I
. '.'¦ Funeral Directors und Kmbalmers I
31-*_Eddy_at. ;_Tel. South 576. . . |
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 943 Alabama street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SNOW— In this city, May 23,' 1004. Charlotte
L. Snow, beloved wife of the late John F.
, Snow, and sister of William Reed of Chi-
cago, a native of Massachusetts, aged 86
. years 4 months and 28 days. (Chicago. Bos-
ton and Philadelphia papers please copy.)
ty Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortu-
' ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
: Company, 2475 Mlsdon street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
.electric funeral car from corner Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 1:30 o'clock. Kindly
omit flowers.
SYCE— In Sacramento, Cal.. May 22. 1904. Ma-
mie F., dearly beloved wife of Thomas P.
Syce, loving daughter of Mrs. E. Kennedy,
and sister of Mrs. E. Rattgan, a native of
New York City, aged 26 years. (New York
City papers please copy.)
ETRemains at. tha funeral parlors of Por-
ter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Larkin and Polk streets. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
TIERNAY— In this city. May 21. 1904, Thomas
" E"- dearlv beloved son of Mary and the late
Bernard Tiernay, and brother of Mrs. F.
Gorman. Mrs. J. Powelson. Mrs. V. Hoff-
man, Mrs. E. Johnson and Mrs. C. Perry, a
native of San Francisco, aged 28 years 11
months and 5 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from hi* late
residence. 78 Clara street, thence to St.
Patrick* Church." where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
V ? I 1 Lr ~ In thls clt y- Mav 21. 1904.' Alice A..
r 1?. ved wlfe of William Voll. daughter of
Liine and .the late Joseph Artega, and sister
of Lena Solomon and Annie, Ada and George
Artega. a native of Gllroy. Santa Clara
County, aged 19 years 2 months and 25 days.
; ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). May 24, at 11 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1187 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Crema-
tion Odd Felows' Cemetery
streets." Interment Italian Cemetery. Please
/omit flowers. •
QUINLAN— In this city. May 21, 1904, at his
residence, 4S2 Eighth street Daniel P., dear-
' ¦ ly beloved husband of Mary A. Quinlan, and
' devoted father of May and Josephine Quin-
lan and Mrs. J. O. Heisch of Sacramento.
a native of lrekind.
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
BANDERS— In this city. May 21. 1904. Charles
. Sanders, a native of Wagenfelt, Germany,
aged 53 years 6 months and 1 day. (Brook-
lyn and New York papers please copy.)
t>" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), May 24, at 1 :30 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SCHLEEMANN— In this city, May 23, 1904,
Walter John Schleemann dearly beloved son
of John and Mathilde Schleemann, and
brother of Max C. Schleemann, a native of
California, aged 19 yeara 5 months and 22
days. >Cash Grain and Provisions.
Receipts . of new Potatoes from across . the
bay were very light, an digging has been prac
tically suspended since Friday while the Por
tuguese farmers and ' laborers have been ob
serving the religious holidays. Prices did bet
ter and -the market cleaned up quickly. Sup
plies of old Potatoes continue excessive ¦; and
river and Oregon Burbanks had a further . de
cline.' New red Onions were, steady at .about
previous prices. " ~"~ i'""iw^*nptTi nr|r«iilij»ii
The regular trdde purchased sparingly of
Asparagus and the ' bulk of the receipts went
to the canners. who paid 4%c and 4o per
pound for No. 1 and 'No. 2 stock respectively.
A portion of the receipts came to hand. In very;
bad order,' being eun-cvoked and had to be sold
below the quotations. Receipts of Peas and
Rhubarb from across the bay -were, light 'and
prices of the former -ranged higher. Summer
Bquash from the south was firmer, -. while other
vegetables from ¦ the • same section - were ¦ weak.
Qreen Corn from > BrentwooU, ' Contra Costa
¦- - i --_•-, • ¦ -¦¦ ..- 1 • ¦ ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
When X.eon B. Neate. ex-night
clerk at the Plymouth Hotel, ' Bush -
and Jones streets, who pleaded guilty
In Judge. Cook's court to two charges
of burglary, appeared for sentence
yesterday his attorney made, a plea
for clemency, which was supported by
the District Attorney, who said that
Neate had prevented a jail break at
the County Jail. The Judge said that
the plea for clemency could have no
weight -with, him unless the property
stolen was restored to the- owners,
and at the suggestion of N'eate's at
torney sentence was postponed till
May 31 to give him an opportunity of
Xeate'8 Sentence Postponed.
i'rinv mercantile papr — 3%64% per cent.
Bterllrc exchsnr* — Ht*a(Jr. with actual bunl
*• in haikers' bills at $4.SS7O for demand
ii tt $4>I75 for sixty <!ay ttl!s.
Potted rates— «4 «%«?« *« and $4 67«i<34 88.
'¦'.rri.Tiercial t.HU— Si &4g-4 84%.
Her rilvcr— r>5>ic.
H<-x!oan dollers — <4c.
IScn6s — Government, weak; railroad, etcaCy.
NEW YORK, May 23.— Close: Money on
•1— Easier at J<j2 per cent; closing bid and
'ered. 1 per cent.
Titr.e mor.^-y — E.-usie*; with sixty and ninety
y icaas « 3 per cent; elx months, 3%«?4 per
Nezv York Money Market.
The 'following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent for shrinkage for Cattle. - T
CATTLE— Steers. 7%©8%c; Cows and Heif
ers 6%©7c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4®4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 8>i©4c; Ewes. 3@3V«c
per ib (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 60®2 75 per bead.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to. 200 lbs. 5Hc:
over 200 lbs, 4%c: soft Hogs.: nominal; 8ows.
20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off, and
Stags 40 per cent off from above quotation*.
DRESSED MEATS,
'Wholesale rates from 'slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .* • •-- ¦' -
BEEF — 6%@7V4c for Steers and 6©6o per
lb for ' Cows. - .-
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 889c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7B8e; Ewes, _ 6%©7c
LAMB — 8%©9c per lb.
PORK—Drewed Hogs.,6%@S%c per lb."
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Ewes arc a fraction lower again. Hogs con
tinue weak at the decline noted at the close of
the week. Otherwise there Is nothing new.
Meat Market.
EASTERN* MARKETS. I
The matket continues inactive at unchanged
Pr nEA.NS— Bayos. $2 40®2 55; Pea. $2 900
3 10; Butters, $3@3 50: small White. $2 90®
3 10; large White. $2 60@2 65: Pink. $3 45$
3 65; Red, $4 60 w 4 75: Lima, $3 25<f»3 30; Red
Kidneys. $4 50@4 75; Blackeye, $1 85@2 05 per
ctl; Horse Beans. $2@2 50.-
SEED— Brown Mustard. $4®4 25; Yellow
Mustard. $3#3 25; Flax. $1 80@l 90; Canary,
6%«5>ic for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%@16c: Rape.
1 *lf?2c; Timothy. 6@6%c; Hemp, 3%@4c per
lb; Millet.. 3@3%c: Broom Corn Seed. $20321
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles,
$3 25; Green Peas, $3©3 25.'
Beans and Seeds.
DEJTVER, Colo., May 23. — That A.
J. Gregory of Salt Lake, the Rio
Grande Railroad employe who was
beaten several weeks ago, was mis
taken for Detective Lyte Gregory, who
was later murdered. Is a theory on
which the police are working. A. J.
Gregory was waylaid by three masked
men. who beat him savagely over thft
head and left him unconscious. The
detectives have descriptions of this
trio and hope to run them down.
POLICE BELIEVE IT CASE
OP MISTAKEN IDENTITY
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %$21c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium 8%c; light, 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and Sc for light; Stags,
6c: Baited Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf lie; dry Hides, 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf" 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 2. r xft30c each:
short Wool. 40®65e each: medium. 70090c; long
Wool, $101 60; Horse Hides, salt. $2 70 for
largo and $202 50 for medium, $1 25@1 75 for
small and SOc for Colts. ' Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $l@l 25
for small and SOc for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central Amerlcan t 30®32%c. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 60c;
medium 35c; small. 20o._
TALLOW — No 1 rendered. 4%©4%c per lb:
No. 2. 3%®4c; grease. 2%®3c.
WOOL— Spring Clip— San Joaquln and South,
ern 12 months' 9©llc; do 7 months', 8@10o
per' lb; Middle Counties. 12©16c for free and
ll©14c for defective; Northern, 15017c for free
and 13@15c for defective; Nevada, 12315c, ac
cording to condition.
HOPS^ — 24©27c per lb for California. 1903.
and 17%e20o for crop of 1904.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
. SHORTS— $21622 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23«?23 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2:1 50-331;
jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal, $30 50®3l 60; Cracked Corn. $31©:i2:
Mixed Feed. $21022; Horse Beans, $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $11@15: Whfeat and Oat $11Q
13 50: Oat, $0^12 50: Wild Oat, $7@10; Bar
ley and Oat. $7811; Stock, $768; Alfalfa, $7®
10 per ton. >
STRAW— C0680c per bale.
Bran continues to come In from the north
and the market Is steady at unchanged prices.
Straw is firm. - ••
- BRAN— $21 ft 22 per ton.
MIDDLINOS— $27 60©29 50 per ton.
Hny dpalera are quoting a lower and weak
market for tho medium and lower grades, as
will be seen by the revised prices. The upper
grades ar<* none too firm, though there is no
material decline in them. Ni> further receipts
of new grain Hay are reported, as the season
is backewaret. -
Hay and Fcedstuffs.
Sovereign 40 ....
8terltng 2 5o ....
Superior <Xl _. . . .
Thirty-three 25
Toltec • 21 - ....
Twenty-eight 7 5u . 8 37 Vi
West Shnr* 260
Associated Bonds 79 00
Monarch Pool 3*'»
Teck 1 10
I Miscellaneous —
lAbby Land & Imp 150.
! Cal Jockey Club 127 5O
I Cal Shipping Co 20 OO
I Chutes Company I5O
'Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 62%. ....
I Fischer's Theater 3O
Northern Cal Power 11 23
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Four CH 63
210 Independence ....'. 27
2000 Independence, b 30 2S
icon Oil City Petroleum »»
1000 Sovereign 40
Afternoon Session.
Hoard —
100 Home 1 47%/
1C00 Claremont O
BOO Monte Crlsto 70
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Kran
cisco 8tock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 19] 2<X> Con Imperial.. 03
2C0 Belcher 331 20o Gould A Cur. 29
ICO Bullion CS! 200 Kentuck (ft
ICO Caledonia ... T« 2»<O Mexican 170
20O Caledonia ... 75| S0O Overman 3«
100 Caledonia ... 731 200 Scg Belcher .. 13
200 Challenge Con 22:
Afternoon Session.
10O Belcher 34t 300 Ophir ......5 63%
' 200 Crown Point. 22) 600 Overman S»
1500 Kc-ntuck 04j 2C0 Union Con .. CS
20O Mexican 1 70! 7OO Yellow Jacket. 23
-X^ PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 33! 400 Overman M
50 Caledonia ... 7811200 Silver Hill .. to
500 Kentuck «C| 2C0 Union Con .. ••*
100 Mexican 1 70|
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 13! 200 Overman 3d
ttOO Belcher 351 30O Overman 33
20u Con C A Vd.l 65[ 100 Potost 14
200 Exchequer ... 33. 2V0 Seg Belcher . . 13
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and TonopAh Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Mont Ton ...I 551 Suo Ton Midway.. 39
200 Ton Belmont. 65| 200 Ton Midway.. 37
Afternoon Session.
1000 Brunswick ... 10: 600 Ton Belmont.. 63
7000 Brunswick ... 141
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. M*ay 23—4 n. m.
Bid. Ask.) ' . -. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 10 12! Justice ....... 10 13
Alta 08 €9 Kentuck '. 04 05
Andes 19 20|Keyes Oraes.. — 1 tO
Belcher 84 35, Lady Wash .. — C8
Best A Belch.l 50 1 70' Mexican - 1 «3 1 7.*.
Bullion 08 0» Occidental 79 «1
Caledonia." ....- 70 74 Ophlr 550562%
Challenge Con 22 24 Overman S3 40
Chollar 17 19 Potosi 1ft 18
Confidence ...1 10 1 20| Scorpion ..... 12 14
Con C * Va.l 85 1 70jSavage 33 34
Cort Imperial. 02. 03; Seg Belcher .. 12 13
Con N* Y 03 (HISlerra Ner ..43 43
Crown Point. 22 23!Sllv*r Hill ..57 09
East Sierra N 03 031 St Louis 09 10
Eureka Con.. . — 501 Syndicate -.... 04 0*»
Exchequer .. 37 30! Union Con ..63 ttft
Gould A Oir. 23 2»IUtah 0* 08
Hale A Norc. 6O 63i Yellow Jacket. 24 2a
Julia 05 071
TONOPAH MUSES.
V Bld.Ask.| k BId.Ask.
Coleban — 07 Ray Ton 11 -V&'
Esperanza ... CT 02|Ray A OBrlen 04 09
Gold Anchor. — 29 1 Rescue 05 0«
Oold M Con. 02 03! Ton Belmont.. 62 64>
Hannapah ... — 10 Ton Exten. .1 05 1 12 y,
Jim Butler •• SO — Ton Gold M. 13 —
Little Ton .. 30 — Ton of Nev.. 8 00 —
MaeNamara . 18 19 Ton N Star.. — 30
Mlzpah Ex .. 10 —Ton Midway.. 38 37
Mont Ton..l 65 1 57% Ton & Salt L. 53 70
paymaster ... — 11 United Ton ..13 20
Pine Grove ..50 — I '- y. Wv
CHICAGO, May 23. — Bearish crop advices
from the Northwest. In addition to liberal ship
ments from Russia, caused weakness In wheat
to-day. Compared with Saturday's final fig
ures July wheat shows a loss of %c. Corn
U unchanged. Oats are a shade lower. Pro
visions are up 2%c to 12%c.
For a brief period at the start the wheat
market had a firm undertone. The firmness
was due mainly to extremely small local re
ceipts, only two cars being inspected here to
day. Initial sales of July were unchanged to
%e higher at S7%c to l*8Vie. Ideal weather
conditions and surprisingly heavy shipments
from Rutsla exerted Influence, however, before
the session had made much progress, and on
ecattered selling the market became easier.
Great improvement .was claimed in the con
dition of the winter crop. One report from
Kansas City was especially optimistic, the as
sertion being made that threshing will begin
In Kansas within thirty days. Bearish crop
advices from the Northwest had much to do
with the Increased depression pervading the
pit near the close. The market closed weak,
with July at 87%c.
The corn market held up remarkably well.
The close was strong at about Saturday's final
figures — July at 4fc\;04K%c
Excellent weather and predictions of liberal
receipts to-morrow had a depressing Influence
on th« oats market, a bearish sentiment being
manifested throughout the entire session. After
opening %c lower, July closed unchanged at
38 %c.
Provisions were easier early In the day, but
later the demand was quite active and offer
ings' were readily absorbed, resulting In a fair
advance. Pork closed with a gain of 12%c;
lard was 2%<&.5c up. and lard 5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 99% 99% 87% 08
July, old ... R9ty 89% 88% 88}i
July, new ... 88% 88% 87% 87%
Sept., old .. 82% 82% 82 82%
Sept.. new .. 81% 81% 80% 80%
Corn No. 2—
3Iay -.47% 47% 47% 47%
July 48% 48% 47% 48%
September .. 47% 47% 47 47%
Oats No. 2 —
May 41 . 41% 40% 40%
July 38% 38% 38 38H
September .. 39% 30% 30% 30%
Mess Pork, . ver barrel
July 10 90 1110 10 85 1107%
September ..11 12% 1130 1110 1130
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July « 25 6 35 ' 6 22% 6 32%
September .. 6 42% 6 50 6 40 0 50'
Bhort Ribs, per 100 pounds—
July 0 35 6 42% 6 30 6 40
September .. 6 60 6 00 6 47% 6 57%
Future Grain and Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras $4 60$
4 90, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50@4 80;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 85@4 25
per bbl
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Klour. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour
$7; Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $4#4 25; Buck
wheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat $4;
Farina. $4 50- Whole Wheat Flour, $3 78;
Rolled Oats. bbls. $7 25@8 CO; In sacks. $tf 75a
8 10; Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas $5 50 per 100 lbs.
"Flour and Millstuffs.
Chicago continues to report a market drag
ging on liberal stocks and large receipts of
Hogs with a ix>or class of speculative buying.
Tho packers are trying to get Provisions down
and buy Hogs cheaper.
This markrt continues dull and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per . lb for
heavy 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
13%c for extra light and lSWlfic for sugar
cured- Eastern nuear-cured Hams 13c; Cali
fornia Hams 12@12%c; Mess Beef, $10©
10 50 per bbl; extra Mess. $11@11 60; Family.
$12®12 &0; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear.
$24- Mess, $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10c: PlK
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14o
per lb • '
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%o per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure; half- barrels, pure.
8%c: 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb Una. 9%c: 3-lb tins.
9%c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8^c; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce. S%c; two tierces.
8V4c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
v Provisions.
1 1 'a I! -Street Tips.
.VjThell." Mutc&hy & Co.'g private N»w York
n:nni yesterday fawned stctcks etror.£er en the
"•¦ ».As the demanfi rate for Sterling Ex.-har.ge
• '.oni^r E&mra a rr ( fit or. ge'd exports. It is
» # «e\ eJ thit tliis BMMrcSDCBt Is r«-ar its end.
.^ or.iy yo;<j reported «-nga£eJ lor to-aay's
ipteuBer we? f750,«.'Ct> by L^itrd r"rerer. Cleve-
K*sr!« »utlio:.: ¦ - vr«dict m. e<?neral shutting
iwv.-jj of Ft«el mills during the next tnirty
ia». „ T*ie reduction of ?tafls by the larr*
•fjlwrny mtiacM, ec miJerly anncunced la^t
11 1- ij it nportt-d to be much exaggerated.
' / Salmon Exports in April.
"i k- cxtxirts of eilnon from San Francisco
_> s^a in Aoril were at follows:
T«— Cases. Packages. Values.
;.-j* rat* ?i<*> $i.ou»
Jupr-n -PS7-3 1»,K«>
i»li»»" 446 1.441
l.iut Iji<JJe« 5>o 1.7:»",
»i:i?Sn luandF Ittui 24 t>,0<»0
IP--w«li»R Ir'.er.ds 815 403 4.2VS
r»hru i<* 60 i.j!«;
'uttraJia US .... i»-»2
i-rr.-iiua 2ftj .... 1,027
ir:r.:<iad :>:»¦• 2SG 1,VM
btrfcJMSoea IHar.d 2^0 .... 800
¦ ::*). <iu*ar.a H«) 400
utU Africa ino 3«:>
¦:tra! America 213 .. 4 775
i;«;ico py . jsi
w'orabla !*<» .... :-^'.k
"< uadcr lfi.% .... T*<%
i;i Inlands 33 8 107
Kvrea =rt 70
rlaevbere 6 37
¦ Totals 16.926 494 $58,528
Sa Xphl. 1903. the export* were 4920 cases
: J"J jax-kafey, valued at $I7.S3«. There
-fTf 'r.o*>-hii!rner.t8 to Japan or New York la
Weather Report.
(I2fXS»- If«ridiai>—-P3u-ific Time.)
¦ ?AN FRANCISCO. May 23. 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to !
Mtt as compared with those of same date la,«t i
•fcson'and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours: |
T.iJt This L&Pt
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season. I
¦jreka 0.00 «a.7» 61.14
• d .Bluff 0.00 81. 1« 24.21
icrammto' O.OO 16.M 16. €2 '
«n Francisco 0.00 20.59 18. 2S
re^rio 0.00 8.04 8.50
!'iepeBfieiice 0.00 2.57 2.S4
¦an Lais Oblspo 0.00 16. C9 IS. 49
..* Anjtreies 0.00 8.72 19. 29
an'Dijrgo Trace 4.30 11.65
Th» foilowinir maxinr.um sind miciiouin tem
-.-azures are reported for preceding day frcm 1
:*st<-rn citlejn
62-C6 Kansas City S6-CS i
"hilavdelpfcia. fcO-09 Jacksonrtlle SO-CO '
:r:c:acati 84-W Washington 80-60 '
ftw York 78-CS New Orle&na &S-70
• THE COAST RECORD.
• "• I filial P I
ETATI0S8. J 5 3 ;3 op • 5 .
; ., - : j I \ j - f
**±*-T 29.72 76 4fi NE Cloudy .00
'ar*oa 20.70 fc2 44 \»' Clear .00
7 *ut*V& 2».fc« »TJ 50 NW Clear .00
r re*n3 «.R« 102 «W XW Pt.Cldy .00
?K. F»ra!:on..^.74 W 50 8 Cloudy .00
"•arrfaa 29. 7S 72 34 f=W Cloudy .00
'c»ateilo ....^3.6« 7«» 60 W Clear .00
pfejandeaea K8 64 W Cloudy Tr.
> Ar.f'.^n. .-JiL."h 76 t« EVT Clear .CO
't T»naUpa&_2».74 U 75 NW Clear .OO
orU5 Hefid...3rt.OS 52 48 XW Pt.Cldy .00
asoeelK 'ja.«4 B4 e2 S Cloudy .00
¦ int. !>}«>*...;».»» tH 49 S Foggy .00
¦•¦.i »&.J*8 70 54 NW Clear .00
t"l BUrft 29. &6 100 m N Clear .00
¦ ->*!-ur«r 29.94 78 M S Clear .00
*crac:eato ..23.60 M <M R Clear .CO
ah Lfyke 29. «8 78 E2 W Clear .00
ir. Franci6co.2S.74 60 60 W Cloudy . .00
L Obispo..29.78 72 80 S Clear .CQ
*n Di»<ro 29. 7S « 60 EW Cloudy Tr.
eatOe JtO.r* C2 r.0 NW Clear .rvj
• v-r.*- 2I».f>0 VM 5« NW Cloudy .CO
atoc*h :.:.r.80.08 W 48 NW Clear .00 1
a!!a. Walla.. 29. 7« 78 R<5 NW Cloudy .00
. irnersucca. .r^.'.s t>2 50 NW Clear .00
aa < .......13>.64 94 64 W Clear .00
•»-ArnER "conditions and general
FORECAST.
Ttie> rrf^s'jre is falling rapidly over the Pa
• - < ;.t>» Thu«derrtonns are reported at In
ipBpdcnrg and.Modena and are likely to occur
•^*dey In the RiMTa* and in the mountains
' Bodjhern California.
'A'arm w»*ther prevails in the Interior and
'trrnoon tr-Dj>*-rature» cf 1^0 d£*rre«-s are re
"J^/.d in tba gr»>at *-alley of Ctliforaia,
!;<«• frr--v«iJ» nlorjr the ccaet from Sam Ftaa*
•"^.to Point Conception.
A rnaxlmurn wind velocity of thlrtr miles
r hour from the northwest is reported at
orth Head.
Forf-can made at Ban Francisco for thirty
Ji-rs t-Tilfrtg *ni<JntKht. May 24:
TCorthern California. — Cloudy. uiw>ttled
««.thcr ,Tu(-#day; iK»eibly showers In central
.<i Kfnjthprn portion, ¦with thundfrttonnn In
«¦ Kierrac; not quite *o warm in the interior;
;fct northtriy winds inlsnd; fresh westerly
'nJi»'or» tl»e roe^it with fog.
Houthcrn Cal!forr4«. — Cloudy. unsettled
f-fither , Tu^^day, p<*Kibly shawers; prot^ably
underpform* 0 in the mountains; fresh south
!>¦ wind*. "
Nevada — Fr.lr in 'northern portion; cloudy in
¦uthem portion;. thtAderFtorms In mountains.
Fan FTatie5fco<» end 'vicinity — Cloady, unset
¦<i »e«hn TUeiiday. poseiWy light showers;
isk westerly winds, with fog. In the after
ne and r.irtt ° •
A. G. McADIE.^Dl«V.ct Fcrecaater.
Bpelter was quiet at $"» 15fi5 20 for ppot.
Pig iron warrants dull. The market for ptg
Iron Is quiet. No. 1 foundry. Northern. $15*/
15 50; No. 2 foundry. Northern, $14 50@15;
No 1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry,
Southern, soft. $13 50@13 75.
Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW YORK. May 23. — The London metal
market being closed, no news of importance
was reported from abroad. Tin was steady at
$27 60©27 SO fcr spot.
Copper was quiet and unchanged. Lake and
electrolytic, $l.'i@13 12%;' casting. ?12 t2Vi&
12 87%.
Lead was lower at $4 4504 50.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, May 23. — The visible supply
of grain Saturday. May 21, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, is as fol
lows :
Amount: Decrease.
Bushels. Bushel*.
Wheat 24,110,000 3,'J'27,000
Corn 5.1W.00O 1,001,001)
Oat» 6.2J2,fiC0 834,000
Rye 02U.0O0 S.'l.0l<0
Barley 2.176,000 121.000
Visible Grain Supply.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50- lb boxta — Loose Muscatel. 4-crown,
4c per lb; 3- crown, 4Uc; 2 -crown. 4c; Malaga,
looce. 3-crown. 4c: 2-crown, 3%c: Thompson's
seedless, 4c: seedless Sultanas. 3%c: Seedless
Muscatels. 3Vic; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins, 16-oz cartons fancy. 5%e; choice. 5',ic;
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice. 4%c; in
bulk fancy, BUc; choice.. 5c: Imperial clus
ters.' $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fan?y, $2; London
Layers 3-crown, $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 18%©14c;
No 2 ll%O12c; No. 1 hardshell. I3£13%c;
No! 2' ll@ll%c; Almonds. 11 %c for Nonpa.
rells, ll%c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. <Sft7c for
Eaitern: Pecans. 11 ©13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50@.V
HONEY — Comb." 11%®12%c for white and
10011c for amber; water white extracted. 5^
6c. l:cht amber extracted,. 4%®5c; dark,
3%®4c.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
FRUITS— Apricots. S@10t for Royals and
9012c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples. 4 m*
6c; sun-dried. 3@4%c: -.Peaches. 7@8c:
Pears 8V-@12c; Figs, white. 2%J*3c in boxes;
black VAC, Plums, pitted. .V%7%c per lb.
PRUNES — 19C3 crop, 2@2%c for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
Beyond an advance In Gas and Electric to
$G1 25 there were no fluctuations worthy of
note on the Stock ' and Bond Exchange, The
oil and mining stocks were also quiet.
Four more railroad carloads of Ophlr ore
were shipped during the last few days, making
twenty carloads on the way or In process of
sale.
STOCK AND BONTD EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, May 23—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr cotip..l(»«%107%!48 qr cp new.l32%133H
4s qr reg...l06%107%j3s qr coup.. .105% 106%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s.l01 — Oak T Co 6s. — 119%
Bay CPC 6s,101 102 Do 9s — 112%
Cal C G 5s. — 105 Do con 5s. — 102%
Cal G & K K . Oceanic S 5s. 65 75
m & ct 5s. 82 82% Om Cable 6s. — 123>i
Cal-st C Sa.UiSKmi/i Pac O Im 4s. 91% 95%
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E Ry 5s.l04%105
Kd L & P Cs — 12ff P & C H 6s.l04%105
K & C H 6s.I14% — P & Q R 6s.ll6 —
Geary-et 5s.. — 82 Powelt-st 6s. — 114
II C&S 5%s.l00 — Fa C EO&RSs. 9« 07%
Do 5a 07 98 SF ft SJV5s.ll6 —
Hon R T 6s.lO4% — Sierra R 6s.. — 110
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. 111% — (1900) 10S 109
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 109 —
Do gtd 6s. — — 3 P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — 105 (1005)Sr A. 101% —
LAP lem 5s.ll3% — (1005)Sr B.102% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 119U (1906) 104% —
Do lem 5s.I14 — (1912) 114% —
MV& MtT5s.l01% — 8PC 1 eg 5s. 110 —
NRR of C«e.lO6% — Do lttnpd.. — 108
Do 5s ....llG> a 117 S P B R Cs.131% —
N P C R 5s. — 106% S V Wat 6s. — 105 *
N C Ry 5s.lC9 — Do 4s 2dm. — 0»
N C P C 5s. 98%102% Do 4s 3dm. — 100
N S R R 5s. — »7% Stkn GAE6s. — 100
O O L&H Rj.107 — IU O A E 5s. — ¦ 105
O W gtd 5s. — — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36% SflUlFort Costa... — —
Marln Co... — C2%|S V Wat Co. 37% 87%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% 4 |S F G & E. 61 61%
Mutual K L. — 13 iStkn O ft E. 5% 6
Pac L Co... 56% — |U G & E Co. — 35
INSURANCE.
Flrem'n Fnd.300 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l20 — L P & A.... 150 160
Anglo-Cal .. 83% 86% Mer Trust.... 200 —
Bank of Cal.420%430 Merch Ex SO —
Cal Safe Dp. 115 147% S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger 8 & L.2280 2350 Sav 4 L So. — ICO
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bfc. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 . — Union T Co.. —
S F Bav U.e25 — J
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 I Presidio — 41
Geary — 60 | \
POWDER.
Giant '. 60% Cl%|Vigorlt 4% —
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 25c (Kllauea B C. 3 4
Hawaiian C. 49% 50 (Makaweli C. 21U —
Honokaa S C 12% 13 Onomea S C. 24 27%
Hutch S P C 9 9%|Paauhau S C. 14 H|,
MISCELLANEOUS.
•Alaska P A.139%140 Oceanic S Co. — 4%
Cal F C A. — 100% Pac Aux FA. 5 6
•Cal Wine A. — 02 Pac C Borx.165 170
MV& %Tm.lOO —
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 9 25
45 S F Gas tt Electric 61 00
3O S F Gas & Electric 61 12%
20 S-y Gas & Electric, b 3 ... 61 25
70 Spring Valley Water Co 37 62%
$4,000 Cal O & E G M ft C T 6s. s 3. 82 25
$l.C00 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent. 118 50
$1,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Makaweli 21 50
J0O Spring Valley Water Co 37 50
Street —
$12,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
I Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 100 S P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s.ll5 — S P Co 4%s.lOO% — .
Cal NW 5s.. — * 112 Sun Tel On.. 113 —
M C Wat 6S.100 — Do 8s — 105
RIs I Wks&a. — 107% Suttr-st R5s.lO5 113
SF Drdk 6s. — 113% UR of SF 4«. 73% 79
SF & NP 5s.lllHU2%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 24% 27% Mat Nav Co. — 90.-
Cal Got Mils 80 90 Nev Nat Bk. — 20O
Cal G&ECor. 45 60 N S R R Co. 9H —
Cal Powder. 130 150 N Cal P Co. 10% —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal T I & T.115 130 . Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk. Oak — - 65 HOOF Hall A 6 — ¦
Chutes Co .. — 7%|Orpheum Co.. — 18%
City & C Bk. — 112 Pae Caa Co.120 —
Cyp L Imp. . 6% — Pac S Tel Co.100 — .
East Dynra.. — 250 Paraf Paint.. 38 — -
DpntPwd pfd 80 , 90 8 F Drydock. 90 —
Do com ... — 60 SFASJ Coal. 23 33%
FN Bk Oak.120 ¦ — . S J Wat Co. — 100
Fischer' Thtr 40o — SO & MTi-bt.125 — •
Frnch-A Bk.100 — Swiss. A Bk.115 —
Gas Con A.. — 22~ 1 Truck Elect. 12% 12%
Hono P Co. '¦ — . 14 IUR InC pfd. 42% 40
Lon& . SF Bk — 60 ' j Do com ... - 9 — • .
Afternoon Session.
Board—'
$1,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 73 75
California Stock anC Oil Exchange
. Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma .... 100
Apollo .'.V.7^'.VV§g 43
Associated Trust Certificates.- 10 * 20
Aztec 80
Caribou 4 50 ....¦
Central Point Con .... 70
Chicago Crude 19 21
Claremoot ........ _ 64 C3
Four ........... 63 .....
Fulton ........." <}tivrrsj 3 75
Giant ...*..... 15 .... •
Hanford 1SS 00
Home 1 40 ....
Imperial - - 1» 00
Independence 27 28
Kern * 80
-Kern Jllver 10 00
Lion! -.-. •••• i01 :
Monarch (of Arizona) 40
Monte Crlsto ............... 69 70
Occidental of -W .Va..i..... 07, 12
Oil City Petroleum 58 50
Peerless ..'. 15 00
Pittsburg .... . 20
Reed Crude ..... 1 50 .
8 F & McKlttrlck 3. 23 •
Senator •••• M . OT
NEW YORK. May 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,100 barrels; exports, 7100 barrels.. FIrnu
WHEAT— Receipts. 23.000 bushels. Spot,
firm; No. 2 red. elevator and f. o. b. afloat,
nominal; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $106% f. o.
b. afloat. Options were quiet all day, closing
%@V»c net lower. May closed OS%c, July
closed 92%c. September closed Sl%c, December
closed H'i~,»c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
SUGAR — Raw. firm: fair refining, 3 7-16c;
centrifugal. 98 test. 3 15-16c; molasses sugar,
3 1-lOe: refined, firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice.
0"ic; mild, quiet* Cordova, 10313c. Futures
closed quiet. 0 points higher. Sales, 19,000
bags Including: July, 5.7(*g"5.75c; Septerrfber.
B.tMVg5.95c; December, 6.20c; March, 6.45©
6.50c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet, with demand light an J ¦ holders
showing no inclination to move new stock.
Common 4% ©6c; choice, 0%<S5»4c; fancy, 7Q 1
7%c.
PRUNES — Remain unsettled in tone, with
California grades inclined to easiness, while
Oregon fruit is firmly held. Quotations range
from 3c to 5%c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Are quiet. Choice, 9%©10c; ex
tra choice. 10Vi©10%c; fancy, HQ13c.
PEACHES — Are moving fairly well in small j
lots. Choice are quoted at 7^@7%c; extra
choice. 7%6Sc; fancy, 9S10%c.
Ncvj York Grain and Produce.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December . . . »7 »7% »7 07%
OATS — About 5C0O ctlg came In from Oregon
anl Washington, the largest receipts frbm th«
north for borne little time. The market was
qultt and unchanged.
White, $1 40ftjl 47%; Black. $1 22%@1 27%;
Red. $1 27%<@1 35; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Wen* It not for the receipts of West
ern there would be very short commons in this
market, for there is very little coming In from
State sources. The market rules steady and
unchanged.
Western sacked, $1 45«?1 47% for Yellow and
White and $1 45 for Mixed; California lanre
Yellow, $1 47%#1 52%; fmall round do. $1 A69
1 60; White. $1 45(B1 47% per ctl; Egyptian,
$1 40fcl 50 for white, and $1 27%S1 Su for
brown.
ItYE— $1 30@l S2% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 76@2 per ctl.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May 5107 $107 $107 $107
December ... 90U 9t»U 05*4 »6>4
2 p. m. Session.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. rn.
Feed. $1 OQ@1 07%: Shipping and Brewing,
$1 OT' 2 ff/i 10; Chevalier, $1 loy 1 13 for fair
to choice.
CASH BARLEY.
Open. Higii. Low. Close.
December ...$1 30^4 $1 30% $1 :J0»i $1 »0%
DAKi-EY — Trading in futures was brisk, as
there were liberal buying orders from the
country. Receipts were large, out a consider
able percentage was put into warehouse for
delivery agatnet May contracts. Cash grain
was quiet, though there were a few sales at
the quotations.
2 p. m. Session.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. ,. Low, Close.
December ...$1 30 $1 30% $1 20% $1 30%
California Club, tl 25©1 32%: California
White Australian, $1 52><.©1 57%; Northern
Club. $1 30@l 37%; Northern Bluestem. $1 60
©1 55 per ctl. .
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — No foreign quotations were re
ceived, it being a holiday at Liverpol and
Paris. The world's shipments .for the week
were as follow?, in quarters: Russian, 29S.000;
Danubian, 5S.000; Argentine, 320. 0C0; Indian,
1S5.000: Australian. 80,000. The American
vl3tb!e supply decreased 3, < .)27,000 bushels.
Chicago v.-a? several fractions lower. 'but re>
ported the trade bullish, though surprised at
the large world's shipments. Fine weather is
causing a good deal of realizing. Snow reports
that the condition of the crop is probably two
or throe points better than on May 1. St.
Louis reports that advices from all directions
tf-ll of great Improvement in the crop every
where. Minneapolis wired- that the millers
have taken another large amount of cash
Wheat.
In this market futures were higher, but the
cash grain was unchanged.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NHW YORK, May 23. — The cotton futures
market closed barely steady, 4 to S points
lewer.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 85%
Sterling ExClianse. sight — 4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 hS
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New Ycrk Exchange, telegraphic. — 07%
Silver per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 Q —
Exdunigc and Bullion.
The Week Opens Quietly at Pre
vious Prices.
STOCK MAKKET.
Receipts of Strawberries continued large,
approximating 1300 chests, and as the demand
was less urzent than on Saturday, prices were
easier. In some instances where buyers were
particular in selection a slight premium was
exacted, but-the general run of offerings sold
within the quoted range. A large percentage
of the Lnngworths from San Mateo County
were sunburnt and some were overripe, hav
ing remained too long on the vines ad a result
of the scarcity of labor In that section. Black
berries appeared from Watsonville and sold
at $7 per chest, one chest being received. One
half a chest of Loganberries from Aromaa.
Montsrey County, sold at the rate of $15 per
ohest. or 75c per drawer, and a refrigerator
ch»M of the same variety from Fresno- County,
containing- SO small baskets, sold at KJflOc per
basket. Raspberries from Los Angeles sold at
15c per small basket and some in drawers from
Iy>omlf> sold at 50(gt>5c per drawer. Dew
berries were offering freely and sold slowly at
7U<ai0c per small basket.
The first Cantaloupes of the season came In
from Coachella. Riverside County. A crate
containing four small melons came in and sohl
for $1 00. or 40c each. Black Figs appeared
from the same section and were offered at 75c
per pound, but were not sold, having arrived
too late for the regular trade. Five 4-lb draw
ers were received. Six drawers of fine Red
Currants were received from San Leandro and
met with prompt sale at $1 DO per drawer.
Cherrlvs were oftering freely and ruled weak,
with the lop quotation obtainable only for ex
ceptionally fine lots. f»Oc being the top for the
general market. Oranges were plentiful and
dull both in'the open market and in the auc
tion rooms.' Ten cars were auctioned a» fol
lows: Extra fancy. $2 2(^82 50: choice to
fancy. 93ofl$l 70: standard 75c6$l 10.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 5005 per chest for
Longworths and $2§.'J for the larger varieties.
GOOSEBERRIES — Common. 20<&25c per
drawer and 2@2%c per lb In bulk; English,
10c per lb.
OHERRIEP — 60c@$l per drawer' for choice
rod and black and 33@C0c for white; In bulk.
3'/4«i7c per lb. . ¦
APRICCTS — $1 75 per crate.
APPLES— $li&2 60 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 X>0<&
2 50 for fancy, $1 2r>@l 73 for choice and $1®
1_25 for standard; Seedlings, fl 10^125: Tan
gerines, $1 50; Lemons, $2 50®2 75 for
fancy.. $1 50<?l 75 for choice and $1@1 25 for
standard: Grape Fruit. $1 CO02 for seed
less and $1@1 50 for ordinary: Mexican Limes.
$57(5 50 per case: Bananas. $2@3 per bunch for
Central American and $1©2 - for Hawaiian;
Pineapples. $2©3 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
LOCAL MARKETS.
SEATTLE, May, 23.— Clearings, $675,233;
balances, *13(5.C29. .
TACOMA, May 23.— Clearings, (441,505;
balances. ?3S.677.
PORTLAND. May 23.— Clearings, $565,104;
balances •?S9,tJ01.
SPOKANE, May 23.— Clearings, $431,428;
balances. $40,ttt3.
Northern Business.
Bv the end of the firet hour there was an
abrupt halt In the rising movement of prices
and a eudden relapse into the recent eeml
stHgnatioti. Durir.g the first hour IWUiOO
ehare* chsjiged hands. During the second
hour the aggregate dealings reached only 20.00J
shares. The dazed speculative spirit was due
to the realization of some heavy requirements
stiil ahead of the money market which might
have necessitated last week's lo»n contraction
and also the background of a general business
contraction going on in the country and newly
confirmed by the usual weekly summaries of
conditions. Wihle the money market enjoyed
! the benefit of the $0,000,000 disbursement to.
| the credit of thfc Panama republic made by
1 the sub-treasury last week, it was recollected
j that the call of th- treasury for Government
I d«-jK**ita falling due en May 25 will call for
i the furrer.tier of rather more than that amount
j 1 > tha banks. The olfering of the Cuban lean
. in this market is also to be taken account Of
; in the money market outlook.
Prices made practically no progress after the
¦ f.m hour, duri::g which more than half of
1 the Uay'b total bufintcs was done. In the
! fir.al tieal'.ngs prices s-xgged off on offerings
; by disappointed holders and the closing was
' tany and dull.
Bonds were steady. Total sales, $1,670,000.
United States 3s registered and new 4s de
clined ?» rer cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Bales. High. Low. Close.
Atch.ton IMOo 70** t5U«i, 6a*'*
I Atchisoa jjfd «J,'JOO VZ'ft «2 92'*
I BalUnort & Ohio. 2,'.*oO 7»H 7 .¦>¦¦»
i iidit a Ohio pfd 90%
' Canadian Pacino . 6oO 118 117fe IlJv,
i Onyai of N J 100
! Chts & Ohio 300 30>i 3O*« 3u>i
Chicago & Alton.. 300 37 T» 37 *» 37 hx
I Chi tc Alton pfd fcO^s
{ Chicago St Gt West 700 15» B 14?, J5. 4
i CMcago & N \V... 20O 170 1<J9^ lOf
Chi. Mil &. St P. . 15.5O0 141 ¦„ Hus, 140%
Chi. M & St P pfd 1754
Chi Term & Trans £uo 7*fe T,i 1%
Chi T & T pfd WO 17 16% 10<*
ccc&st Louis. iow «*$i ua^t «a*«
I Colorado Southern. 1.100 J6 15Vj 15-?*
! Colo Ho 1st pfd .*><»> uX>-j S2 52
j Colo So I'd pfd :¦"> 81% 21 21^
Del & Hudson V00 1W, 155 155^
Del Lack A West 300 270^ 26SH 27U^
Denver & Kio Gr. . 2oo 20 1»& 20^
i De.i &. Rio Gr pfd 200 67^4 67 >i Cti^
(trie 13.300 24»» 23^, 24>»
! Krie 1st pld 1.7OU 5»»» " 5'Jft 59«r*
| Erie 2d pfd 1.5OO 85^ * 34^ 4 35
Hocking Valley .. 100 61 til 00
Hocking Val pfd 75%
Illinois Central ... 100 123H l'-"Jhi I'-" 1 "4
Icwa Central IH'i
Iowa Central pfd.. 33
K C Southern 2O
K C SouUxern pfd. 600 39 38*4 ZSM,
LouiBV Si Nashv.. . l,4u0 1O6V4 10S 108
Manhattan L 5,300 144^ 143U 143H
Mttropol SecuriUes 3.000 73 77 v^ 78 1^
Met Etreet Ry 9,200 112 111 111%
I atinn & St Louis 40
! M St P & B S M.. 3OO 621* 62^ 62U
j M SP & S S M pfd UisVi
! Missouri Pacific .. 4,800 81 Vi DO 1^ fil
Mo Kar.s & Texas. 409 Ki ! t 1J"« l<i%
M K ii T pfd 600 35Vi 35» 4 35%
N R R of Mex pfd 37
N Y Central 1,200 115',i 114V* 114«4
Norfolk t West 5<J«h
Nor & West pfd 65
Ontario & West... 2.200 21 H 21 hi. 2\%
Ptcneylvania l«,400 114& H4>« ll-T^i
P C C & St Louis 55
Reading 13,200 44}, 43 T ,4 44
Reading 1st pfd... 78%
Reading 2d pfd.... 200 62 61 62^
Rock Island Co... 7,300 21% 21 >; 21%
Rock Island Co pfd 700 65 65 65
St L & S F 2d pfd 500 4<U t 45*4 4<t
St Louis S W 12*4
£t Louis S W pfd. 100 32*4 32^4 32
Southern Pacific .. 9,500 47 40% 48*4
Southern Railway.. 300 20% 20% 20-T4
Southern Ry pfd 82>4
Texas & Pacific... 300 21% 2Ui 21%
Tol St L & West.. 200 23 24ft . 24
T St L * W pfd.. 3<»0 3S>4 3S 3S1-4
Union Pacific 19.400 64% 83% 84%
Union Pacific pfd 01 '4
Wabub 1«%
Wabarh pfd 1,300 34% 34 •£ 34"^,
Wheel & Lake E 15
Wisconsin Central. 200 - 17 17 16*4
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 400 33H 3S>4 38%
Mexican Central... 4.100 7% 7Vk 7H
Express Companies —
Adams /.... 225
American [.... 1R8
United States .... 100
WelU-Fargo 200
MlFcellaneouB —
Amalgam Copper.. 44,100 51% 43% W)?;
¦ Am Car & Found... 100 17 17 17%
Am Car & F pfd... .{00 70 70 70 Vi
Am Cotton Oil 200 28 27*4 27
Am Cotton Oil pfd 85
American Ice 600 7>4 «% 7«4
American Ice pfd.. 200 27U 27 27>*
Am Linseed OU ,'.... 7%
Am Linseed Oil pfd \ i 28
Amer Locomotive.. 2.200 > 20% < t 19>4 2014
Amer Loco pfd 300 K2% K4 82
Am Smelt & Ref.. 1.700 Ut% 4&V4 49%
Am S & Ref pfd... 700 85% »5Vi 95%
Am«>r Fugar Rcf... 5.100 126% 12<J I2«%
Anaconda Mln Co.. COO 70 74 74
Brklyn Rap Trans. 31,700 47% 4«»4 47%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 400 2ftV4 28% 2S%
Consolidated Gae... 2.RO0 209>4 208 2CSV4
Corn Products 100 11 U 11 % 11
<»rn Products pfd. 100 66V4 66% ««
Wstillen!' Sees 20%
General Electric... 200 156% 156% 15«%
International Paper 10%
Interntl Paper pfd 05&
International Pump 37
Interrtl Pump pfd. 70
National Lead 1,300 19% 19Vt 1 19 Vi
North American... 100 £2% S2V4 81
Pacific Mall 200 20% 26% 20H
People'D Gas 100 95V4 95>4 95%
Pressed f5teel Car. . }00 25% 25% 25%
Pressed S Car pfd C6%
Pullman Paiare Car 210
Republic Steel BOO 7 6% 6%
Republic Steel pfd. 1,500 40 38 39
Rubber Goods 15
Rubber Goods pfd •'... .<
Tenn Coal & Ircn.. 7,100 -35 33% 34%
U S Leather 200 6% 6% 6%
IT S Leather pfd. .. 200 79% 7»% 7f>%
U S Realty 500 7% 7% 7%
V S Realty pfd.... 1.800 63% 62 62%
U S Rubber 300 16% 10% 10%
U S Rubber pfd... 700 67% 66% G7U
U 8 fit eel 5,900 " 9% .9% 9%
U S Steel pfd 67.800 55% 54% 64%
"Westinghouse Elec. 100 156 155«4 155V«
Western Union 200 86% 80% 86%
Total sales 334,000 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. May 23.— No bond transactions
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid. $3 87%: asked, $4. Preferred
— Bid. $34 50; askt-d. $35 CO.
>¦ NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ht 2s reg..l04% L & N unified 4s. 100%
Do coupon* 104% Man con gold 4s.lC3
Do 3s rcg 105% Mex Cent 4s 66
Do coupon 105% Do let Inc 13%
Do now 4s reg.132% Minn & St.L 4s.. 95H
Do coupon 132% M. K & Tex 4s. ..100%
Do old 4s reg.!0«»4 Do 2ds 77&
Do coupon 10G% NR of Mex con 4s 74
Atch sen 4s 1CO% N Y C gen 3%s.. 99
Do adj 4s »1 N J C gen 5s 131
Atlantic C L 4s. 94% Nor Pac 4s 1O4',4
Bsl & Ohio 4s. ..100% Do 3s 72%
Do 3%s <»5 Nor & W con 4s. 9S%
Central of Ga Os.107 ¦ OSL 4s & partlc. 94%
Do 1st inc . 70 Pa conv 3%s 94%
Chos & Ohio 4'-}s.lO4 Reading sen 4s... J)!S%
CJsl & Alton 3%s. 7S% SL 4- I M con 5s.ll4
O B A Q new 4s. 04% R L & 8 F fg 4s. S2
ciM & SP c« 4.s.lOV,|St Louis SW lets. 94
C & NW con 7i.12»' J Seaboard A L* 4s. 70Ji
TAOOMA, May 23. — WHEAT— Steady, un
changed. Blueetcm, S3e; Club, 73c.
WASHINGTON
OREGON
PORTLAND. May 23.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 72c; Blueetem. SOc; Valley, 80c.
Northern Wheat Market.
Flour qr sks .. IS. 492 ' Wool bales ... 497
Wheat, ctls .... 2.128lF»ed J sks i-*9
Barley, ctls .... 12,994! Leather, rolls .. 3!»
Oats, ctls 4S6|Tallow, ctls ... 2S«
Rye. ctls ...... « Hides, No 2.871
Beans, sks. 2.0721 Pelts No.*.... /»00
Potatoes, sks .. 1,175: Lime, bbls 644
Onions, sks ... 1941 Paper, reams ... 1,270
Middlings sks.. 2«0 Wine, gals 53.200
Hay. tons .... 410: Sugar, ctls .... 2.000
Straw, tons ... 21 f
OREGON.
Flour, qr «ks .. 13.012;Oats. ctls 3.000
Wheat, ctls 7.00CW
WASHINGTON.
Oats ctls 2.023) Bran, sks 6.004
Potatoes, sks .. 1.788! Groats, sks .... 315
EASTERN.
Flour, qr sks .. l.COOJCorn. ctls 573
FOR MONDAY. MAY 23.
Receipts of Produce.
ST. LOUIB. May 23.— Wool, steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing, 17©21c; light,
line, 14g;i7c; heavy, fine, 12®14c; tub washed,
210.11 %c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
. CHEESE— 86SHc for good to choice new
and C@7c for lower grades; Young Americas.
U«U",4c: Eastern. 12>i®14c: Western. ll@12e
per lb. •
EGGS— Ranch. lSQrlOc for fair to choice;
store. lCSlSc; Eastern, nominal. f
Receipts were 110,000 lbs Butter. 15C8 cases
Ekps and 2H.7C0 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands 18Vs@10c
for extias and 17^«18c for firsts; dairy 1C@
17^c; store Butter, 13@15c; cold storage,'nom
inal.
The week led off with heavy receipts of But
ter again, as will be seen, but the market ruled
steady at Saturday's quotations. The situation
showed no new feature, j Eggs and Cheese were
als.i unchanged, the former being steady* with
large receipts for Monday, and the latter de
pressed, with an oversuppiy still reported by
dealers.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
WASHINGTON. May 23.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund exclusive of the JirAOOO.OOO gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $105,380,208; gold, (63,839,*
194. . . . •
Cash in Treasury.
Do pfd 70 irtah 33'.4
Mass Gas 4OJ4;VIctcria 2Jn
United Fruit liov^^vinona 6
Un Shoe Mach... 4!> I Wolverine 70
Bo P« 2SVi!
Money — |U S Stpel 0%
Call loans 2*4S.1>4i Do pfd 54!',
Time loans ...4 ©5 |Wc«tlng 'Common. 70*
Bond* — j Mining —
Atchison 4s 100U: Adventure 1%
Do adj 4s 01 lAllouez 4
Mex Central 4s... C6 (Amal Copper .... 503A
Railroads — |Amer Zinc 9^
Atchison 70V«:Atlantic 7V4
Do pfd OrtSIBinBham 21
Boston & Albany. 2*3 | Calumet & Hecla.40O
Boston & Maine. .lCiUi! Centennial 10%
Boston Elev 1 41 i£i Copper Range 43
Fitchburg pfd. ...135 |Daly West ....'... 23?;
Mex Central 7>A Dom Coal City
K Y. N II & H..1S8 iFranklln 7H
Pcre Marquette. .. 78 JGraney 31
Union Pacific 84 | Ule Rjyale (U4
, Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 34
Airier Arge Chem. 14 I Michigan 4 ¦
Do pfd 7.1 I Mohawk 4«Vi
Amer Pneu Tube. 4>/ ( |Mcnt Coal & Coke 40
Amor Sugar 12« : S l |Old Dominion ... 12
Do pfd 12:i%IOsceola 57
Amer Tel & Tel. 124 iParrot 24}i
Amer Woolen ... 10 iQuincy SO
Do pfd 74 I Shannon 6%
Dom Iron * S... 10 (Tamarack ) 00
Ed E>ct Ilium... 234 (Trinity ...J....... .",5i
Gen Electric 15« lU S Mining .... 19T<,
M»e» Electric IS ! V S Oil »%
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
A car of Western Poultry was marketed and
cloaned\ up quickly. • It consisted chiefly of
Hens and the ruling: price for the berft offerings
was $7 50 per dozen. Another car is expected
for to-day's market. Receipts of domestic
stock were very light and trade was not of
sufficient volume- to warrant any change in the
quotations. Game was nominal, as the bulk
of the light receipts cam; to hand in bad or
der and was condemned by the health officials.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 14@13c per lb:
Gtpse. per pair, $1 5O®1 75; Goslings, SI 73W
2 2."i; Duck*. $4 &0@5 50 per dozen for old and
$5 M(5« for young : Hens. $ts«7 for large and
$5©5 CO for small; young Roosters, $7 50^J
S 00: old Roosters, $4 50©5; Fryers. $5SG 60:
Brnilerw. $.1 5«©4 for large and $2@2 50 for
small: Pigeons. $1 25@1 50 per doren for old
and $1 BOipl 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO. May 23.— CATTLE — Receipts.
22,000. ' Strong to 5c higher. Good to prime
steers, $5 25Q5 75: poor to medium. $4 2503 25;
stockers and feeders, fi "">&i CO; cows, 11 5C«J
+ <!5; heifers. $2 50«M So; canners. $1 (5O©2 75:
bulls. |2 25?ii25; calves, ?2 50@S 75; Texas fed
steers $404 CO.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 45,000; to-morrow,
4S.000. 5c lower. Mixed and butchers, $4?j
4 <S5; good to choice heavy. $1 C0Q4 C5; rough
heavy, $4 T>0«?4 55; light, $4 45@4 t>5; bulk of
ealeF. $4 T.W'ii (iO.
SHEEP — Receipts. 15.000. Sheep, steady to
strong; lambs. »teady. Good to choice wether*,
(£$i(i t>0; fair to choice mixed, $3 75<9'5; ' West
(•rn Eheep, $4 73^5 «o; native lambs (clipped),
$4 CC!JM 20; Western lamba. $5@<5 23.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
Wall-street Stocks a point higher. Cotton also /inner.
' ; ./ Stocks and Bonds quiet and featureless.
S:':cr and Exchange as previously quoted.
>!d exports believed to be~ ncaring their end.
Rbilzzay staff reductions said to be much exaggerated.
¦ Holiday at London and Paris.
U 'brat and Barley Futures higher, with the latter active.
Oats coming in again from the north. Confirm.
Lczrcr grades of Hay decline again. Bran steady.
Beans and Seeds quiet and unchanged.
-Putter in very heavy receipt, but steady.
Eggs ai:d Cheese continue plentiful and unchanged.
Provisions dragging, with the packers bearing the market.
¦ Fitrther slight decline in Mutton. Pork still weak.
'Pid Potatoes plentiful and lower and Nczv higher.
Kcgctables abundant and not materially changed.
Poultry cleans up quickly under light receipts.
Game arriving in bad condition and tnostly unsalable.
.S/rtfZi'berries zveaker, zvith lar* e arrivals.
• C antalvupcs and Figs in from Riverside County.
i n ernes and Oranges tn large supply a:id weak.
C. R I & Pac 4s. C9«/i!So Pacific 4s 01&
Do col T.s 7b%|So Railway 6s 110
C.'C.C & SL*n is.101 ITcx & Pac lsts. .118%
Chi Term 4a 7(5 T. St L & W 4s. 70
Con Tobacco 4s. <;o I Union Pacific 4s. ..104%
' Colo & So 4b 84%! Do conv'4s 07
! Colo F & I Cs 70% U S Steel 2d 5s.. 73^
| Den & Rio G 4s. VSMi Wabash lsts 115%
Krie prior lien 4s. 0<»i., Do «2eb B 5'.1%
Do gen 4s SO |W & L Erie 4s. 8»H
F W & D C lgts.K^-HIWls Central 48... 90Vi
Hock Val 4Vis....lC(?i.il
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20|L,:tt!*? Chief 03
Alice 30 Ontario 3 50
Breece 10|Ophir 5 23
Hruns Con CSIPboenix 10
'Com Tunnel . 10 lotoji 14
Con Cal & Va... 1 C5' Savage 30
* J "-n Silver 1 35! Sierra Nev 40
Iron Silver 1 W)\ Small Hopes .... 15
Leadvllle Con ... 021 Standard 2 to
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, May 23. — On the Produce Exchange
to-day the Butter market was easy; Creameries,
llsSlSe; dairies, 12®17c. Eggs, easy, ]£©15^4c
Cheese. 1 easy; new goods, 7»i@9%c.
ELGIN. Ill May 23. — Butter, firm at 1914c
a decline' of\lc, compared with last week's
prices. Output for the district was 667,500
pounds. Y .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
of hlrh wines, $1 28; clover, contract grade,
M0 75. .:¦•¦.¦ " ¦;.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels :. 2:i.00u 22.500
Wheat bushels <>,00<» . 21.700
Corn, bushels ».171,tS0O 2«0,600
Oats, bushels 143,«00 144.100
Rye. bufchels 4.0OO .4,300
Barley, bushels 32,000. 10,300
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red L*ad. 7HO
7?',c per lb; White Lead. 7V407%c, according
to quantity.
SUGAR — Th* Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed 5.P5c;
Powdered. S.&Oc; Candy Granulated. 5. SOc: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.70c; Fruit Granulated. 8.70c; Bcet/Grapu*
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.C0c: Confectioners'
A, 5.70c: Magnolia A 5.30c; Extra C 0.20c:
Golden C. 5.10c: "D," 6c: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: BO-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Hall
barrels, 6.29c: boxes, 6.43c; H. A K. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy. five barrels or its equivalent.
July; San Quentln, $5 40; Wool Bags. 32035c;
Fleece Twine 7©8e.
COAL— Wellington. SS per ton: New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. S « 50; Bea
ver Hill.. $6; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7: Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. ?7; Wallsend. J7; Richmond
$7 50- Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannrl. $8 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50313
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 30
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for caset
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' A A. $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 45c for bolle.J
and 43c for raw; China Nut, 60070c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels, 5Sc for Ctylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached, winter Sperm
Oil. 69c: natural winter Sperm Oil. 63c; extra
bleached winter Whal* Oil. 57c; natural Whal»
Oil, 52c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. "5c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. «8c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 7Sc:
No ¦ 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c: light Herring Oil.
42c: dark Herring Oil. 40c: Salmon Oil, 34c;
boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw Fish Oil, 35c; boiled
Paint Oil 33c: raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OU. In bulk,
14c; Pearl Oil. in casts. 20%c: Astral. 20Hc;
Star, 2JVic; Extra Star. 24Hc; Elaln-. 24^c;
Eocene. 23Vic; Deodorised Stove Gasoline, la
bulk 16c; in cases 22^c: Benzine, in bulk.
l.!c : In cases. lOHc; SC-degr«e Gasoline, la
bulk. 25c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
A'EGETABLES — Asparagus. 4f?<ie per lb:
Rhubarb. 5O5rt<5c per box; Green Peas. $1®
1 50 per sack: Garden Peas, 2V4c per lb; String
Beans. 4%@tic per lb; Wax Beans. Cig7c per lb;
Tomatoes, $1 50{il 75 per box or crate for Los
Angeles and fl 50<§2 ior Mexican (repacked);
Summer Squa*h. 70@S3c per box; Cabbage,
$1 50 per ctl: Carrots, 50c per sack; Cucumbers,
60e*/$l per dozen: Garlic, nominal: Eg? Plant,
10@12$4c per lb; Dried Peppers, SiilOc for sun
dried and 12»-i@l3c per lb for evaporated; Dried
Okra. 12H«15c per lb: Green Peppers, 7@10c
p«r lb for Los Angeles and 10@15c for Mexi
can; Marrowfat Squash, jobbing at 1 v/(ric
per lb. ¦ - .;.--.* ¦:.?'¦'¦:-¦
County, sold at 85e per dczen and some from
Coachella. Riverside County, brought 60c per
dozen. A small quantity came . In from ' each
place. •
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, $1®
1 15 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks.' $1@1 45 per
ctl: Itlver Reds. $1@1 10 per ctl; small Oregon
Ilurbanks for seed, §1 25® 1 35 per ctl; new
Potatoes. l^@2Vic per lb.
ONIONS — Australian Yellow. $5 per ctl: new
Red. 90c@$l per sack; new Green, '2.~>Si'.ilc per
box. . •¦••'• .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1904.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 0%c spot and 5%c June.
a revolt of b rfnw of relief over the turn
*hc UAr c* tfce t*-rmlnply cnfJlefs » l xte:jpi'm
th* alr'cadv hiirf loan cxjicnsion. The
d-rs • men-d Jaycnr'y Into the movement, (n
-'.rJi they *&•*¦ a promise 'of rrtW from th*
o!irr^<S rfcafilock in the market and the
—-::.j of their usual nicar.t ol I!vtijho'Ji.
.NTW YOTiK, May 23 —Wall «tn?et started
( rcw week with a continuation of the brlFk
•"ard morr-ment ¦which rtnrtrd on Saturday
Kc.v York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, May 23. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour was dull and easy; No. 2 spring
wheat. 95€«><s; No. 3, 8G©O7c; No. 2 red
f 1 Wiill Qt3; No. 2 corn, 49c; No. 2 yellow)
W)«T5(>^c: No. 2 oats, 40%@41V4c; No. 3 white,
41&43c; No. 2 rye, 77c; good feeding barley,
35&3Sc; fair to choice malting. 4C65CC: No. .1
flax seed, $1: No. I Northwestern, II 09; prime
timothy seed. $3 05; mess pork, per barrel,
$11011 05; lard, per 100 pounds. ><*• 25@B 27^;
thort ribs Bides (loose), $6 25igO 37%; short
clear sides (boxed), $ 6 25Q6 00; whisky, basis
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION" SALES
50 AUCTION SALE 50
Of 39 head of DRAFT HORSES. Includins
PURE BRED NORMANS and SHIRES.
Also 11 heal of STANDARD BRED COLTS.
FILLIES and ROADSTERS Including a trot-
ter than can show a mile in 2:30 welgbt 1200.
and gentle, sired by Diablo, Gossi&er. Falro«»
i and Alex Button. This consignment Is a grand
lot of choice, high grade animals. The draft
horses weigh from 140O to 180O pounds; th»
wagon horses from 12C0 to 14<H> pounds, and
all ar* fat and ready for Immediate us*.
These horses are suitable for rancher*, orchard-
Jsts. breeders, wholesale butchers, draymen,
brewers, etc. In this lot are a number of pur*
bred Shire and Norman fillies that are hard to
excel. An inspection by prospective buyers 1»
invited. This stock Is from lie well known
ranch of William Brockman. Susan-rtUe. Lawn
Co.. Cal. Sale takes place
TUESDAT EVENING MAT 24. 1904,
At 7:43 O'clock. ¦
At Eatesyard. 1732 Market St.. near Van New
ave., San Franctseo
Horses at yard May 21. Send for catatofiaft.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.
¦ . . Live Stock Auctioneers.
U It BUM), Auctioneer,
Office 181« Market St.,
WILL SELL TO- DAT AT It A. M.
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE
Of Private Residence
AT 303 JONES STREET.
L. H. BURP. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE
¦J&& £* .£&
at ARCADE HORSE MARKET.'
327 SIXTH ST. «•
WEDNESDAY. May 25. -at 11 a. m.
I will sell 50 GOOD WORK HORSES weigh-
ing from 1C0O to 1500' lbs.. 6 to » years old.
ready to go to work.. This stock is the prop-
erty of MILLER A WRIGHT, railroad con.
tractors
JOHN J. DOTLE, Auctioneer.
AT AUCTION 4\_
HORSES. HORSES.
AT J. B. KORAN'S SALES TARD3.
Corner of Tenth and Bryant Streets.
THl'BSDAT MAT 26TH. AT 11 O'CLOCK.
By order of Mr. John Patterson of Reno, 'I
will sell 120 head of choice young horses aad
marts, weighing from 1000 to I30o and from- -
to 7 years old, in good condition, heavy boned,
and blocky built, and they are horses that ar»
sure to give good satisfaction. They will ar-
rive Wednesday morning and must and will be
sold. S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
N. B. — I also have SO head of 2 and 3 year old
mules and SO head of young mares with well
bred colts by th«lr sides that I mast dispose of
before June the 10th. For further particulars
call or address 3. WATKINS, office 122 Grove
street. Phone South 20.
*"W B y order of WILLIAM ALENDER of
• -^ San Jose. I will s«tl 2 carloads of OOOX>
ALL-PURPOSE HORSES, also CAMP. EX-
PRESS and PEDDLING WAGONS, all kind*
Of SURR1ES. BUGGIES. CARTS, and 60 SETS
SINGLE and DOUBLE HARNESS, at 1140
FOLSOM ST.. TUESDAT. May 24 11 a. m.
WILLIAM CLOUGH, Auctioneer.Murlno Eye Remedy cures Sore -Eyes.
Makes weak . Eyes strong. Murlno doesn't
arnart, It soothes. . . *
A sneak thief, with the aid of a
duplicate latchkey, entered the apart
ments occupied b^ Mrs. Mary Grant,
834B Howard 'street, yesterday even-
Ing. Mrs. Grant waa In the renr of the
house and heard the front door slam.
She ran forward in time to see a man's
shadow glide along the wall at the
turn of the stairs. Later she dis
covered a bureau drawer open and
that n small satchel with contents,
amounting to K $ 4 6 60, had been taken.
Nothing else in the apartment had
been disturbed. Mrs. Grant reported
her loss to tho police.
Robbery on Howard Street.
KILLED BY GAS.— Bernard Mousqull. a la
borer, aged 31 year*, was accidentally suffo
cated in his bed Sunday by gas at S27 Harrison
street.
CLARKE PETTT.nS BILL.— The suit for
ffl :<:.!< brought by John A. Ho*y against E. K.
Oarke wi>« dismissed yesterday, the litigants
havtnx settled the case out of court.
Leg Cabin! "The. bread with a flavor." AsK
your dealer — wholesale — t?Of> Dolores St. - I?*'*
Nellio Burrcll Scott, exhibit of pafnt
lr.R*, fish In action, Schullere Art Gal
lery, for one week. •
Collins threatens to have Chief Witt
man and Police Commissioner Hutton
cited for contempt for arresting eight
inmates of the place on Saturday
night.
.TVhen .the contempt proceedings
against Chief Wittman and Police
Commissioner Hutton for an alleged
violation 1 of the injunction restrain
ing the police from interfering with
the restaurant business of Jean Pon
at 1129 Dupont street were called be
fore Judge Cook yesterday afternoon
he said he would sustain the de
murrers of the respondents and purge
them of contempt. ¦ He said that if
the attempt had been carried out
there would have been no question
that the injunction had been violated.
But there had been nothing more done
than to make preparations for the
act. It was true that it was alleged
in the affidavit of the petitioner that
the warrants had been obtained mere
ly as a subterfuge to gain an entrance
to the premises, and if that had been
done it would have been a violation
of the injunction, but there was no
proof. If the warrants had been given
to the Chief and by him to a subordi
nate to serve that would have been an
overt act. Collins- asked that the or
der restraining the police from using
the warrants be kept in force, and ho
also asked leave to file, an amended
affidavit.
The Judge said that the restraining
order would stand and the respondents
could file an answer. They filed an
answer denying the allegations in the
affidavit.' ~',"
Evidence Is Now Being Taken to Show
That Warrants Were Wrong
fully Obtained.
OTTES TZFTATE MOXKT.— Judge Ooffey My*
>nn McNkinara owes the estate of Mlrha*l
>T«oney, of which i<he was adtninlFtratrtx, $13,-
IW2. Most of this' debt ii> caused by the accu
mulation of interest on the money used by IIu
Jor.es. her attorney.
IIUTTON* AND WITTMAN*
PURGED OF CONTEMPT
Robert Hutchinjfs, a non-union
stableman, was assaulted last Batur-,
day night as he came out of a restau
rant on McAllister street. Tne man
claims that three white men and one
nepro knocked him down by a blow
on the head and Jumped on him,
kicking him on the head and body.
N'on-l'nion Stableman Assaulted.
Ppprlal round-trip tickets. $10. include
railroad fare nnd two day.s' board at the
famed Hotel Del Monte. Leave San
PranriFPo n^xt Saturday or Sunday.
Through parlor car to the hotel. Golf
Jinks never srreener nnd surf bathine Is
dcllsfttful. •
Decoration Day at Del Monte.
In all lines of production there is Rome certain
article >vhlch leads" all others by reason of Its
purity and quality. In the brewing IndUFtry
this particular article is Anheuscr-Busch's I3u|i
welser bottled beer. •
By good, wholfisome beers those are meant that
liave been brewed from the ,v«yy choicest barley
malt, the finest hop* and thoroughly filtered,
chemically pure water. For nourishing: qualities
I.;. :¦!•¦>¦ stands at the. head of all cereals and the
tonic properties of hopn have long since been
recognized \ry the medical profession: thus by
combining the extracts of barley-malt and hops
»p have both a food and a tonic.
It correctly points cut that the use of patent
medicines containing from 12 to 47 per cent of
alcohol must be far more injurious. than good.
wholpsnm<» boprs, containing only from 2 to 5
p»»r cent of alcohol. In which, through fermenta
tion and pasteurization, disease germs have
foeon killed.
has 1fv.:«" an «ntlrc page in Its May Issue in
the ruupe of true temperance.
The Ladles' Home Journal
DROWNED MAN FOUND.— The body of 'an
unidentified 'nan of about middle are was
found floating: In the bay oft Harrieon-street
wharf yesterday.
His aim was an bad as his actions
nnd after a lortpr chase he was cajefured
and laken to the Mission-street sta
tion. He is sorry for his rash act, but
have to tMarrt trnl.
Ravo Cassier. a Bulgarian laborer, is
in pripnn with a charge of assault to
commit murder booked against him.
For some t!m<> Cassier has been
fnamnrcd of Mrs. I_izzie Vincke. Yes-
Iprday moniinjr Iip concluded that sh^
was not .-is tru<» to him as their rela
tions would warrant, hence upon her
arrival at Graham's saloon, 11 71 How
nrd street. Caasier extracted his re
volver from his pocket and began
I'Umpiner lead at the woman he
adored.
Ii::II<i- Fly Wide of Mark, but Would'
Be MurtlertT Is I'nder Arrest
for Crime.
BULGARIAN LABORER TAKES
SHOT AT WOMAN* COMPANION*
ASK BIG* DAMAGES.— Walter and Anaa
Murray have sued the San Francisco Oas and
Electric Company fop $10,000 damages and $750
for medical attendance ) for injuries received
by their minor child, who was burned by a
live wire belonging: to defendant.
The Judge overruled the first two
points made by McGowan and said he
would examine the authorities sub
mitted on the third point, lie had in
structed the jury not to consider any
statements of counsel not borne out by
the evidence, but if an error had been
committed it would be as well to cor
rect it instead of taking the case be
fore the Supreme Court. He said he
would render his decision on June 1.
Attorney. McGowan argued that the
evidence should have been confined to
the testimony as to the commission
of the crime alleged and should not
have embraced evidence as to the re
lations that existed between the de
fendant and John P. Dunning. The sec
ond point was that the District Attor
ney errp<l in reading to witnesses the
testimony given at the former trial.
The third pqint was that the District
Attorney erred in bringing matters not
in evidence before the jury, referring
to the Dreyfus case.
When the Judge asked her if there
was any legal cause why sentence
should not be pronounced upon her,
Attorney McGowan said he had a mo
tion to make for a new trial on the
following grounds: That the trial was
had in the absence of the defendant;
that the court misdirected the jury in
matters of law; that the court erred
in decision of questions of law aris
ing during the course of the trial; that
the verdict was contrary to law; that
the verdict was' contrary to the evi
dence, and is against and not sup
ported by the evidence;. that new evi
dence has been discovered material to
the defendant, and which she could
not with reasonable diligence have
discovered and produced upon the
trial.
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin, convicted by
a Jury in Judge Cook's court on April
7 for the murder of Mrs. Elizabeth
Dunning by sending her a box of
poisoned candy to Dover, Del., in Au
gust, 1898, appeared before the Judge
yesterday afternoon for sentence. A
motion for a new trial was made by
Attorney Frank McGowan and the
Judge reserved his decision till June 1.
The defendant was modestly attired
in black, and when the Judge ordered
her to rise for sentence she stood with
her head slightly bent and her hands
crossed. /
JuctRC Cook Reserves Ills Decision
After Hearinc: nn Elaborate Argu
ment on Technical Points.
PLEAI> FOR A NEW TRIAIi
FOR MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN
Pastor at Boulder Creek Resigns.
SANTA CRUZ, May 23. — Mrs. R. A.
Kail, who for the past two years has
been pastor of the Methodist church
at Boulder Creek, has resigned. The
reslKnation will take effect June 1.
The latest styles In wedding stationery. Just
see Edward S. Knowlen. 24 Second St. •
When Kinar Kdtf ard perjured himself
1o Rave a uomen with whom his name
had boon connected it was supposed
that his example would be followed by
more than one gallant. N<» doubt it has
been. l>ut in San Francisco there Is a
man who does not believe there is much
Klory in lying like a King. He is Har
vey Johnston, a motorman on the Mis
sion fctl'mil cars. When he was called
ns a witness in the divorce suit of John
J. Bell against Ivonnie R. Bell, in which
action he mu named as co-respondent,
he l>oldly admitted that the charges
against Mrs. Hell were true. His bold
ness did n/n serve, however, for Judge
Hunt refused to give Bell his divorce
on such evidence and ordered the ac
tion dismissed.
NOT LIKE E!»\VAI1D
Decrees' of divorce were granted to
Olive L. Creljjhton from Henry H.
Oreisrhton for desertion, and Mary A.
IUjrjrle from John Rijrgle for neglect.
Attorney Milton L. Bchmltt Is very
much afraid that he will meet with
brutal treatment at the hands of W.
H. Smith, plaintiff in the suit for di
vorce in which Catrina Smith. Schmitt's
client. Is the defendant. Because of
hla fearp he yesterday asked Judge
Seawell to give him the protection of
.the court, claiming that Smith had
• met him in the corridors of the City
;Hall and threatened him with bodily
lnJUTj' because of a belief that the de
lay in the Smith divorce proceedings,
•which have been "pending for three
years, was caused by the attorney's
dilatory tactic?. Judge Seawell cau
tioned Smith to keen his hands off the
attorney, and then continued the hear
ing of tlie proceedings until such time
us Mrs. Smith is able to give her tes
timony, it bavins been shown that the
defendant was too ill to appear.
William J. Downing, an omploye of
the Canlt^l Mills, has been ordered by
Jodse HcMiard to pay hi? wife. Tessie
I*. Downing. ?2I> a month during the
pen<2£ncy o f her suit for divorce.
Sometimes a husband is met with
¦who finds that yachting Is too expen
sive to allow him to support his fam
ily. Eueh a husband was George D.
Campbell, formerly a well-known at
torney here, now of Nome. Because of
Campbell's love for his yacht and
neglect of his wife. Constance, and two
children. Judge H«bbard yesterday
gave Mrs. Campbell a decree of di
vorce.
The evidence was furnished by Mrs.
Campbell and T. S. Milton Sr., her
father. They both testified that Camp
bell had neglected his family for sev
eral years prior to his departure for
Nome, and had devoted his time and
money to his yacht. Milton said that
for months prior to the departure of
h!s 8on-in-!aw for Nome he had to pro
vide for his daughter and her two chil
dren.
SCmUTT COMPLAINS.
i Soeder took the verdict without trem
1 bling. He grew as white as the new
I stones In the Fairmont Hotel, but he
, showed no other emotion. Never talka
tive during his imprisonment, he grew
i rigidly secretive. To Deputy Sheriffs
1 Meinert and Brophy, who escorted him
to the Broadway County Jail, he spoke
no word. Only they noticed that his
walk was weak as he climbed the hill
I to the only resting place he will have
until he passes from the scenes of life.
Soeder's lawyers say there will be no
appeal from the verdict. The custom
i ary motion for a new trial will be
made, but it is almost a certainty that
Judge Cook will deny it. Alexander
Campbell Jr., after a consultation with
; General Salqmon, stated at the end of
the trial that he knew of no ground
upon which an appeal could be taken
except some slight admissions of tes
timony while Soeder waa on the stand.
He said that Judge Cook's charge to
the Jury was absolutely fair and waa
similar to. other charges in famous
murder trials that had been sustained
by the Supreme Court of this State.
While waiting for the verdict Soeder
was taken to the City Pri3on. When
Deputy Sheriffs Brophy and Meinert
went to bring him to the courtroom he
asked one of them what he thought
the verdict waa.
"Imprisonment for life," said Brophy.
. "Forget it." said Soeder; "that's only
your opinion."
Thereafter he spoke no word and
gave no sign when the death penalty
was announced. Even to some of his
acquaintances he only nodded, and for
the first time during the trial his eye3
were steady. When he arrived at the
County Jail he was put in a cell with
a man named West, accused of burg
lary, for fear that suicide was contem
plated. He will be guarded until his
sentence on May 31.
The jury. took two ballots, the first
resulting in eleven for conviction and
one for acquittal. After a short discus
sion another ballot was taken and a
unanimous verdict was given for mur
der in the first degree, "without recom
mendation, which means the death pen
alty. Sixteen minutes were spent in the
actual work of the jury, but they were
absent from the courtroom twenty
three minutes.
The morning session was entirely
taken up by the vigorous argument of
District Attorney Byington, who made
a telling discourse against the defend
ant, dwelling principally upon the mo
tive for the crime. ,
In Judge Cook's court. yesterday Leon
Soeder was found guilty of the murder
of his brother-in-law, Joseph Blaise.
.The Jurors were convinced that ths
defendant had lured his relative from
an obscure town In Germany and after
securing certain insurance policies on
Blaise's life had foully silt his throat
below a dark wall on Taylor street on
the night of January 10.
It was a long night, cold and wet.
The yachtsmen do not know where
they drifted, but were looking out for
the Farallones yesterday morning
when daylight showed them Angel Is
land and the approaching General Mc-
Dowell.
The Olympic left So-utn San Fran
cisco with fausalito as her .destina
tion. Lack of wind made progress
slow and late Sunday afternoon the
yacht was off Angel Island, her sails
flapping and all hands whistling for
wind. The wind came • with a swoop.
The yacht ducked to the breeze and
somebody started to sing "A Life on
the Ocean Wave" when snap went a
wire stay, crash went the mast and
the Olympic was buried in canvas^
The fog swept in shortly after and
in mist and darkness the Olympic
drifted until yesterday morning, when
the General McDowell took her in
tow.
The yachting party was made up as
follows: Misses Maud and Elsie Fever,
Misses Mary and Rose Hicks, Miss
Anne Carroll, J. McAdam, J. Benken,
C. Starr, F. Gaffney, M. Watkin and
H. Benken.
The sloop yacht Olympic, which left
South San Francisco at 11:30 a, m.
Sunday, was picked up yesterday by
the Government steamer General Mc-
Dowell off Angel Island. The yacht
was dismasted and the eleven amateur
sailors, of whom five were girls, were
cold, wet and hungry, but happy at
being once more within reach- of a
cable car *
IVovidlnn for the acceptance of Greenwich
rirf-el. between Gough and Octavia. and of
floush street, between Greenwich and Lom
bard.
The amended ordinance imposing a
licenpe of $2 a quarter on riding acad
emies doing a business of $500 a
month, and $4 a quarter on those whose
receipts exceed jpOO a month was re
fern d to the License Committee.
Brandenstein explained that the pres
ent license of $20 is exorbitant, as some
of the riding academies are struggling
for existence.
The following measures were finally
passed :
AuthorfrinK «tn expenditure of 58250 In pay
ment to O. Fipone and P. Demattal for amount
of Judgment In condemnation proceedlnKS • of
lands for Ft. Mary"" Park.
¦ (V.orlne niphtrenth utrret, between Iowa and
Minnesota, for one year to permit the. Santa Fe
Hallway ?»y*trm to excavate b*>low the official
jrrade of Eighteenth f>tr*»et upon tho condition
that th* corporation maintain a steel viaduct In
place of 4he existing roadway of Eighteenth
street and a roadway to Southern Heights be
constructed pending the completion of the
work.
LICENSE OX ACADEMIES.
The petition of the same club that
the board take legal steps to free the
district of Gray Brothers' rock crush
er and quarry on Thirtieth street, near
Castro, was referred to the Street Com
mittee.
The petition of the Fairmount Im
provement Club that a park be con
structed in the district was referred
to the Budget Committee. *
The roadways of Kearny street, be
tween Bav and Francisco; Frederick
street, between First avenue and Wil
lard street: Dorland street, between
Church and Sanchez: Harrison street,
between Twenty-fourth and Twenty
fifth, and Duncan street, between San
Jose and Tiffany avenues, were ac
cepted.
Street, sidewalk and sewer work
were ordered on Duboce avenue and
Church street, Twelfth avenue South,
between L nnd M streets, and Green
wich street, between Octavia and
Cough.
The City Attorney was requested to
advise If the city has any right to
Locust avenue, between Franklin and
Gough streets. ,
Grades were ordered changed and es
tablished at certain points on Lake,
South Sixth and West Clay streets and
Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh
avenues.
Comte's motion that the ordinance
be referred to the City Attorney for an
opinion as to its validity was carried.
Hocks explained that the ordinance
did not contemplate any increase In
the liquor license, which was fixed at
$21 a quarter when sales amount to
less than $15,000 and at 341 when the
sales are more than $15,000. as already
provided in the existing ordinance.
The ordinance fixing September 5 as
the time for receiving: sealed proposals
for the bond issue for public Improve
ments was finally passed.
TITIiE TO AVENUE.
Supervisor Hocks yesterday introduced
in the Board of Supervisors his ordi
nance providing: for an appeal from
the Police Commission to the Board of
Supervisors In all cases where the for
mer body refuses to grant permits to
sell liquors to reputable applicants
without assigning any sufficient rea
son. .
Asks Court to Protect Him
From Anger of Plaintiff
in Divorce Proceedings
Defendant Grows Pale Under
Verdict, but Makes Xo
Other Show of Emotion
Amateur Tars From South
San Francisco Rescued by
Steamer General McDowell
Ordinance Fixes Date When
Sealed Proposals Will Be
Received for the Serials
FIVE GIRLS ON BOARD
SCHMITT FEAES SMITH
BIDS FOR B0XD ISSUE
TWO BALLOTS TAKEX
Daniel Noonan declared he knew
nothing at all of the .120 deer, hides
addresed to him', which were capt.ured
by a Deputy Game Commissioner at
one of the wharves. ' He is employed
by Blssinger & Co., hide merchants,
and the firm also notified Judge Mo
gan that it knew nothing of the; con
fiscated skins, from seventeen of
Delaunley was caught in the act of
rifling the poor box. in St. Francis
Church and he had been out of Jail
only a few days when Graham and
Feeney ran him in.
Harry Delaunley. whose larcenous
specialty is the plundering of ., poor
boxes in churches, .waa arrested Sun
day by Patrolmen Graham and Feeney
for suspiciously loitering in a place of
worship in the Mission. Judge Fritz
gave him three months in the County
Jail. •
After consultation with her attor
ney, a French woman accused of va
grancy declared that her name was
Jane Doe and nothing else, and Judge
Cabaniss eloquently expressed the
pleasure conveyed to him by meeting
the original bearer of that cognomen.
"So many borrowers of your name,
Miss Doe — or shall I address you as
Mrs. Doe? — have appeared here that
I began to think it waa a nomencla
tural myth."
Then he continued the case against
the woman.
Gertie Sawyer told Judge Mogan
that she was one of the esteemed at
taches of the Diana dance hall. .
"And an appropriate title It seems;
Miss .Sawyer," remarked the Judge,
"when one remembers that Diana was
goddess of the chase."
One of the female vagrantB before
Judge Cabaniss stated that she was
employed in the Rainbow saloon and
dance hall. "So termed, I suppose,"
said his Honor, "because the inmates
of the establishment are mora prolific
of promise than of fulfillment."
• ' • •
William White, a gondolier at the
Chutes, denied that he maliciously at
tacked C. J. Klotz, admiral of the flo
tilla that shoots the aquatic toboggan.
'I didn't mean to hurt him in no
way, ehape or manner," Mr. White
swore; and so pleased was he 'vith the
euphony of the plea that he repeated
it word for word at least half a dozen
times ere his testimony was finished.
He will probably be pronounced Kuilty
of battery by Judge Mogan, to whom
Klotz exhibited a swollen jaw and mu
tilated lip as evidence of Mr. White's
fistic prowess
• • •
James N. Crowell (colored) was cuf
fing a white boy who had annoyed
him at 525 Howard street, when James
Cosprove (white) interfered to the ex
tent of punching Mr. Crowell's coun
tenance. When a policeman arrived
on the scene Mr. Crowell had doffed
his coat and was "squaring up" at
Mr. Cosgrove.
"But Ise wuzn't fightin* him, Jedge,
Mr. Crowell explained to his Honor
Cabaniss. "He wuz a hoppln' 'roun'
me like one ob dem yah pugilists yer
see in a movin' pictah, an' I tuk off
my coat and put up my -nan's ter
keep him busy till der cop came. No;
sah. Ise wuzn't a scrappin*. Jes de
fendin* myself— dat wUz all.*i
Mr. Cosgrove was dismissed never
theless.
Patrolmen Joy and Nelson made a
sweeping round-up of female vagrants
on the Barbary Coast last Saturday
night, and no less than fifteen petti
opated defendants were scooped in and
equally distributed among the three
Police courts. In each case the defense
was that the defendant was not a
vagrant, inasmuch as she was employ
ed in n dance- hall, and in Mogan's
tribunal the question arose whether
dancing and drinking constitute hon
est employment. His Honor took the
negative and sustained it by impos
ing a J5 fine on each of the women al
lotted to his department. Nor did the
women in the other courts fare any
better.
• • *
The Kuhring case entered in aaperlty
and departed to the accompaniment o£
Mendelssohn's "Wedding March,"
hummed by Tenor Dick Jose, who is
devoting his vacation to the imbibing
of criminal Jurisprudence in Depart
ment No. 1. It was the numerical
strength of the Kuhrings and their
tangled inter-relationship that made
the proceedings so confusing. Among
those present were Mrs. Lizzie Kuhring
and Miss Bertha Kuhring. defendants
on a charge of disturbing the peace;
Mrs. Annie Kuhring, Carl Kuhring,
Gus Kuhring and Mrs. Barbara Kuhr
ing. It was explained that Mrs. Lizzie
lives with her husband, Carl, her moth
er-in-law, Mrs. Annie, and her father
in-law, Gus, at 65 Prospect avenue. At
another number on the same thorough
fare reside Miss Bertha, 16 years of
age, and her mother, Mrs. Barbara,
¦who was the wife of Gus until he got
a divorce and married Annie. Mrs.
Lizzie, with her baby in her arms, went
to visit, Mrs. Annie last Sunday after
noon, despite her dread of meeting Miss
Bertha, who had threatened to "do"
her. Sure enough, she met Bertha at
Annie's door, and Bertha immediately
attacked her. Mrs. Barbara aided Miss
Bertha in the assault, and when Mrs.
Lizzie struck Mrs. Barbara in self-de
fense Miss Bertha hurled a brick at
Mrs. Lizzie, the missile sfriking Mrs.
Lizzie. Then the police chippsd in and
arrested Mrs. Lizzie and Miss Bertha
for disturbing the peace.
Incidental to the hearing it developed
that the cause of Miss Bertha's antago
nism to Mrs. Lizzie was the latter
lady's spreading of a report derogatory
to Miss Bertha's character, and then
came the disclosure that the soonc-r
Miss Bertha became a bride the better
it would be for her future welfare. His
Honor, whom the preceding testimony
had evidently stumped, grasped at the
unexpected revelation as a drowning
man clutches a straw and utilized it so
deftly as to emerge from the muddle
with flying colors. The masculine cause
of Miss Bertha's misfortune, a 20-year
old Willie Hampton, was among the
spectators in court, and in a trice the
Judge had him before the bar. The boy
agreed to marry the girl at any time
and place the court might propose, and
12 o'clock to-day and the Judge's cham
bers were immediately designated.
As soon as the wedding ceremony is
performed the case against the bride
will be dismissed and her numerous
relatives advised to scatter themselves
as widely as possible over the city, in
stead of sojourning in enmity on Pros
pect avenue
Of the many experienced assimilators
of testimony who heard the various
tales told by witnesses in the Kuhring
case not one could mold them Into
anything like a coherent narrative.
Judge Mogan's countenance plainly
confessed inability to fully compre
hend, Prosecuting Attorney Greeley did
not attempt elucidation, Bailiff Hickey
drank deeply from the Judge's water
jug and clung to the bench for support,
Clerk Grey's mentality went down and
out early in the game and the assem
bled legal lights were a living picture
of human bewilderment.
In the case of Mrs. Anna Speak
man, charged with attempting to mur
der Mrs. Clara Lefevre by cutting her
with a carving knife, it was reported
to Judpre Mogan that the defendant
was out of town, but will appear thi3
morning. and attempt to show cause
why her bail of $100 should not be in
creased. It was also reported that
Mrs. Lefevre's Condition had not un
dergone a change for the worse since
Saturday morning, when Dr. Amiel
certified that fatality was possible.
"Yellow" Kennedy case was on hear
ing before Judge Cabaniss, and some
Ptift punches had been exchanged by
the combatants before the bailiffs
separated them. Newburg's manner
angered Hanley, who proposed an ad
journment to "have it out." The pro
posal was declined and then Hanley
taxed Newburg with cowardice and
muttered something about "Hebrew
ancestry." in an instant Newburg re
taliated with a blow and honors were
pretty evenly divided in the ensuing
"scrap." Judge Cabaniss severely
reprimanded the attorneys for allow
ing their pugnacity to disturb the de
corum of the court and the incident
closed. i
Assistant District Attorney Hanley
»nd Attorney Nevrburg engaged in
fistic combat while the interminable
•which evidence of sex had been re
moved. The case was continued.
• • •
Arthur Fry, 17 years of age, de
manded 1 money from his ¦ widowed
mother and then cursed her because
she refused to comply with his de
mand. In response to Judge Mogan's
inquiry as to whether he had ever been
aijrested before the defendant said
that once he had been run in for vio
lating the 8 o'clock "audience." He
will be sentenced for vagrancy.
Attorney Campbell's %ouse
Gets Divorce Because He
Did Not Provide for Her
Jury Convicts Him of Murder
of Blaise and Counsel Say
That There Is No Appeal
Hocks' Ordinance Gives Re
lief From Police Board's
Denial of Liquor Permits
Sloop Yacht Otympic Loses
Mast and Drifts for Hours
at the Will of the Tide
Numerical" Strength of the Family and Their Tangled In
ter-Relationship Combine to Confuse Judge Mpgan and
His Aides Until Chance Directs Way to Happy Finish
SPEND CHILLY
NIGHT ON BAY
ALLOWS APPEAL
TO SUPERVISORS
ROPE MUST END
SOEDER'S LIFE
NEGLECTS WIFE
FOR HIS YACHT
CASE OF THE KUHRINGS
BEWILDERS THE COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. MAY 24. 1904.
16
You have never before seen China and Japanese
Mattings selling for $2.25 per 20-yard roll. It has never been
done before in San Francisco. These rolls sell regularly
for $6.00.
You have never before seen Tapestry Brussels
sell for 59c the yard, sewed, lined and laid. They don't buy
in sufficient quantities to do so; and if they did offer it they
wouldn't give it to you when you asked for it.
You have never before seen 3000 rolls of Carpets
on special sale. Order now at these prices and have the deliv-
ery made at your pleasuie^ — two months from now if you
wish.
You have never before seen Linoleums selling at
30c per square yard. That is cheaper than oilcloth, and these
Linoleums are made of the best pulverized cork and linseed oil.
Friedman's Famous Sale.
AJDVZBTISEMENT3.
MAEKS BROS.
PSORIASIS
Milk Crust, Scalled Head,
Tetter, Ringworm
and Pimples
COMPLETE TREATHENT, 51.00
For Torturing, Disfiguring Humours,
From Pimples to Scrofula,
From Infancy to Age.
The agonlztag Itching and bnrnta^
of the skin, as la eczema; the frightful
scaling, as In psoriasis ; the loss of hair
and crusting of the scalp, a»ln scalled
head; the facial disfigurement, as in
pimples and ringworm; the awfal suf-
fering of Infants, and anxiety of worn-
oat parents, as in milk crust, tetter and
salt rheum — all demaad a remedy of" 1
almost superhuman virtues to success-
folly cope frith them. That Catlcura
Soap, Ointment and Pills are sach
stands proven beyond all doubt. No
statement is made regarding them that
Is not justified by the strongest evi-
dence. The parity and sweetness, ths
power to afford Immediate relief, tht
certainty of speedy and permanent
care, the absolute safety and great
economy have made them the standard
skin cores and humour remedies of the
civilized world.
Complete treatment for every humour,
consisting of Caticara Soap to cleans*
the skin, Caticara Ointment to heal the
skin, and Caticara Resolvent fills to
cool aad cleanse the blood may bow b*
had for one dollar. A single set is oftea
soffldent to core the most torturic j,
disfiguring, itching, burning and scaly
humours, eczemas, rashes and irrita-
tions, from Infancy to age, when all
else fails.
**U Mii»u»hy« th« —H. Cw«w »whnt SOe. rta '
fcraa W Ckom ol«U Caatod HUs. tie- »»r mi of t0\ UlaV
¦Mat, •*, flrav. Mm. Dn»a, Lofutoa. V ChartirtKXM*
Sq i Fwia. * Ro* U 1» r»ixi BoMra. 1ST Cohimbtu Am.
t attar Dm? ¦ Cb*n. Carp .. HU Prr.pr •!«¦§.
tKT tmxi tor * Jl»w a> C%« **rtj Howiu."
B3O.OOO STOCK
FINE COMMERCIAL STATIONERY
RETAILED AT COST.
Retiring from the stationery business.
Printing. Bookbinding. Llthographlnc;
and Telegraphic Code Departments will
continue as heretofore.
At 306 California St.
JOHN PARTRIDGE."
m 4-t -»- •¦¦ ¦ ¦ To mt*T Cured. Caua* r«-
/\\| H IVl f\ moved. Healtfc restored.
HO I lll*lrtNo mor* Astfcox* or Hay
Frver. Book 60 7r**»
CURED w *-'|^^ T ? g> '
STATEMENT
OF THB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Globe and Rutgers Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF
.Viw York, on tho 31st day of £>ec*m>er.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending oo that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 810 and 811 of the- Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by Xiim
Commissioner:
CAPITAl*
Amount of CasltaJ Stock, paid up
In Cash HOP, 000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate- owned by Company... 173.000 OO
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 04,300 0O
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 1,293.342 00
Cash In Company's Office 3.673 TO
Cash In Banks 5J.5IJ 5J
Interest due and accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans 7.23 j 64
Interest due and accrued on
Bonds and Mortgages.... 1.089 97
Premiums in due Coursa of Col-
lection 488.530 33
Total a«s«U ..... $1,930.531 45
LIABIUTTES. ~~~~ '
Losses adtasUd and unpaid 85.341 SO
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 84,237 19
Losses resisted, including etxpeus«s 7,813 C3
Gross ¦ premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $1,837,-
972 44; reinsurance 00 per ceat. . I1S.9M 23 ...
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year. $93.-
027 SI ; reinsurance pro rata. . . . 53.S24 II
Dae and to become dua for bor-
rowed money 80,000 0*
Due and to become due for com-
missions and brokerage 70.2S2 S7
All other Liabilities — .... 300 0O
Total liabilities .. »..»!. 222.2SH CO
XNCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire oremlums $1,503 M4 S3
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 2.T13 00
Received for Interest aad divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,
and from all other source* 40,001 07
Received for Rents °*??2 52
Received from all other sources.. la. CO
Total Income .. — ...... $1.S3O.*77 90
EXPENDTTCRE9. "
Net amount paid for Flr» Losses
(including $96,723 97. losses of
previous years $683.02* a
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses (including $ * losses of
previous years) « <™
Dividends to Stockholders 44,000 00
Paid or sllowed for Commission
or Brokerage 244.323 »*
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks. <-tc. 34,2.0 13
All other payments and expendl- 01
Total expenditures S1.06S.30O 33 .
~ Flfel
Losses lacqrrefl during the year $725.275 71
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. 1 Premiums/
Net amount of Rl*ks
ye'ar""..^'. 1 !*..^ $131,216,357 J2.015.72S 0»
Net amount of Risks
"^ dUrtn . K .. th .? 98.S81.tMS 1.24WW6 3
1003* 115,009.186 1.930.499 M
" E C. JAMESON. President.
LYMAN CANDEE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 9th
day of February. 1904. ¦
aay oi r wm LINDSAY. Notary PuMlc.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
EDWARD BROWN &. SONS
GENERAL AGENTS
411 and 413 California St.
SAN FRANCISCO. GAL
ThTWeekly CalL
===== . <k
61 ppp Ycais
ADVEBTISEME2TTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"The Credit House," 233 - 235 - 237 Post Street.
'
Some more of those Lace Curtains at 45c per pair.
DOUBLE VALUE DAY
AVZf Price placed upon our 90c Lawn
"Ov* Wrapper as pictured.
To-day Js the day for dainty LAWN
WRAPPERS. ns Illustrated. IJnwd to
waist — Flounced — Bretflles trimmed . In
braid — They fit rood, too — All sizes.
OrZ/-» Special price placed upon Muslin
""v Gowns, as pictured.
Here's a serviceable and splendid wear-
ing MUSLIN GOWN — cut extra full and
wide — yoke of tucks and embroidery Inser-
tion— neck and sleeves trimmed with hem-
stitched ruffle.
Always sold for $1 00^ — wc;_
To-day 4 OC
Here's another charming bargain— an all-
over Swiss Embroidered Waist — exactly
.like cut— tucked back— full and graceful
pouch dip front — ail sizes.
35c BOYS' BLOUSES 19c
Made of pood. . serviceable percale, sailo<*
collar effect.: •.••;-' >-
43c CORSET COVEKS 2lc
Kmptre Cambric' Corset Covers — trimmed
In embroidery or ' lace — ribbon run t hrousli
-beading:. ., :,-,-;¦
MARKS BROS;
The Home of Honest Values.
1220-1222-1224 Market Street. :
pi Brand m
j| Evaporated if
m Gream M
&|i always bears ths above cap
gy label. It means the samej^g
||| as telling you that ve fp|
ip! back up Its purity with a k||
£g§ $5,000 guarantee. JS|
[|M Made by the largest pro- t§U
M&\ ducers of Evaporated &5&k
i^M Cream In the world,
1 JL More Good Tea Jl y
I More Good Coffee |
1 More Good Spices 1
I More Coupons |
I More Pretty Preminmsi
1 « Watch Our 9 1
¦I- IT Prices Talk.^ji I
H &- It Pays to Trade f y
1 Great American Importing TeaCo's 1
J3 jtOreS .206 Third P
B E61 Market 210 Grant ave. 14X9 Polk , »
M 140 Sixth 1819 Devisadrre - 705 Lark in H
fy 475 HaiKht , 3006 Sfxteenth 355 Hayes Rj
H 3285 Mission S21 Montff'y ave. 62 Market H
B 2008 Fillmore 2516 Mission 1-V'. Ninth H
fig 366 Third 469 Fonrth 2733 34th g|