The Sunday Call Magazine;' Menin had played me for a youth to
advantafe,' but this blasphemous
threat was too( plainly a. desperate der
nier ressort. ' --,' .
It chilled the blood in ray veins, but
I was steeled against chilled blood now,
and I sneered: /j . ;
". - : ';Bah! you are too much of a coward
to face the cohsequfricres of that." With
thislcuttijjg thrust— unjust, indeed," for
Mcnln wa q ds brave a devil as ever
breathed— I lsft the rpom.
i I was wasting: tirne ' there and
strength, too. I had made up my mlrid
to find Kim before-I dickered more with
Menin. .\ Until I was sure Dulcine was
not in ttie* .imperial mausolerim, I
should believe she had i kept perfect
faith with me.Vand act on that' belief.
I lejt.'the legatlan- as secretly as I
had come, arid .went back to old Ky-
with frightened Jcrles, and then fell
asleep again, throughout the long day.
If possible, my jir«ams were as har
rowing as^-my wiiking' thoughts.^ j
As often as I; awoke. I found Ky-"
sang, or faithful Pak at my side;- Pak
was indefatigable in my interest, bring
ing me, among other things, a basket
of luscious persimmons which grow
twice the size in Quelparte that they do
in America, and amply repay one's ef
fort to learn to like them. Whenever I
see this fruit now. I remember that
dreary, day I soent.in the little bell
house in Keinnlng— and Kysang's
watch. -.'
- Some old-time friend of the bell
ringer at the English Legation had pre
•sented Kysang with a 'cast-off watch
which renewed the old roan' 8 desire of
long life. Ijt was a plain,' silver, open
cage affair, with a crystal rnonstrous '
; thlck, but no youth with his first stem
winder; was ever so =1 pleased : as was *
Kysaiig with thli :'> For J.the*'- 'first few
days he carried it in his hands, partly
through fear that ! .itjwoiiid suffer acci- .
dent , elsewhere", and partly, because j the
Quelpartien male attire is innocent ."of
' pockets. •''.••'i Whatever' 7 * .a . Quelpartleri
wishes to carry with*- him goes into a
little cloth,' leather or chamois bag
i which swings ever, at his loins.' • Ky
sang was carrying It still in his. hand; I
but Kini's" mother had;madfe him a little '
pocket' In hIs T under-coat, which " jcaine ,
early;iri the day, and coon he was 7 find-!
Ing -what ' a marvelous • nuisance pock
ets were.' . Kysang .was continually, pixt- j
; ting ' iri^or^ taking.) oiit [ his . watch, for, tie",
could " not ' turn about 5 , without • looking
at it; ->He» tlmpd ¦ himself at^all ttasks,
and became enthusiastic when I. showed,!
hlm : how *'tq; count j pulse,- finding
that it moved fasterjafter.he'had been
exercising 'than'; before.". - „
There' was. a 'clock in the little brick .
hotel'across- the^square, aridj oftan; he,
.would ¦" saunter ' over J "and compare | his '
watch' with V it.; In?,'one* of ; my • waking V
hours* he ; confided . to .'irie gleefully, but
in a. low) torieTv. that x the ; clock , ; In --the ' ;
hotel i'dld -not ("get , around; as • fast ;¦' as
hla"»watch''~a j fact \ that' elated him i im- >
mensely? : Before night* he told meHhat •
in a week his watch J would' go" around ;
Shocked af^ the profligate's request,
Kang boldly memorialized the throne
that he be putvto death. This raised a
tempest, and Kans was seized and con
demned to death. He was bound to a
cart to be driven to his execution, ac
cording to custom, with his crime
pasted in great letters uon his back,
"Arch traitor." I But when Cho Ta
rim's friends attempted to start the
cart, the bullocks could not move it an
Inch. .More bullocks were yoked on,
but to.no effect..
Then'; Kang, the , criminal, .laughed
arid said, "If you. will' remove this accu
sation from' my back*, and write 'Arch
patriot,' the cart will go."
.' For a time the ) ; angry crowd would
not listen, but at last when they obeyed
Kang's words the cart moved easily to
the place of execution, where" the vil
lainous sentence was carried out with
added zest because of Kang's laughter
and his magic power..' .
,' ' "If* you' don't believe; this." said Ky
sang:, as he* finished, "go' some summer
night to the Home Department 'and 'lis
ten - for -the-'frogs at Honpyurig Sa
ryung-bu/'JEsB
As the night came on. I thought more
and more, of my -prisoner at' the lega
tion,' of his b"ld playing and his villain
ous three'- • What would Oranoff say
when he knew" that Menin was Jn ' his
hands? As I slept a little now and then,
I even dreamed .of Dulcine as prisoner
on Tuen's palatial yacht; yet when I
a,nd- with it an • armful of chopped
straw.' Straightway upon reading the
letter every frog t?e,ized a piece of
chopped straw and fceld. it in his
mout,h, like the QuelpartJen boy who is
gaggedUn school when l\e dogs not re
peat the* characters well. Fiv?m that
day to this not a frog has croaked be
side the Home Department, thotfs* 1 the
pond is^full of them. . > \
'But poor Kans came to a bad ef^d.
At 'that time the King's son-in-law,"
Cho Ta-rim. was a shocking scape
grace; who, lived inside the south gate
under Narn-san. \ This youth had the
effrontery t'o ask the King to build him
a golden bridge from his house to one
of the spurs ''of the mountain.
Copyright, 1904, by Archer Butler Hul-
CtlAPTER XXVII. '
IT wai beginning to prow light in
the ea.«t as I went down to the
room where Colonel Oranoff lay.
I have often ' wanted to meas
ure the length of the great ball
of the legation, for I remember
it as being no less .than a day's
long march, measured by such thoughts
as those which were in my mind that
morning. I went as a man might walk
to the scaffold, thinking of- a 'year of
Jiis waited life- while lie took each step
toward- that life's <iuick"ciid. . -
Yet I yient ae'a man justified at the'
bar of his own conscience. True." I
migSt have adopted different courses
than those I had choeer. tince the de
struction of the Queen's body. I might
have asked Kepneff to bring me
Ftraight from Lynx Island to Tsi, and
then telegraphed Oranoff the whole
truth; but the little Dulcette- had not j
arrived yet from Han Chow, and I
would not have come in time, for the
funeral! I 'mipht have told Oranoff the"
truth when Dulcine told him my lie In
my vnry hearing; but : l thought the lie
tvas better and safer then than the
truth! I might have chosen 'not .to let
Dulcine find a woman to play the
Queen, but -that seemed .ttfen almost
my c/nly course, at least ' the safest
course. I could have refused to follow
the dare-devil Menin from the* dais.
But I could not have avoided the prov
idential escape forced upon me by the
faliinff of my horse, nor could I have
deme more than I had to find a way to
releaee Dulcine from the dark prison
v.'hcre she lay— unless I had been will
ins: to tell the whole tale to the Kin's
before first trying another alternative. ,
When I reached the door Dejneff held*
open. I v.as as ready to meet Oranoff
as 1 had continually been ready to an
*xver ever/ question my conscience had
thus far raised. True, I trembled; but :
innocent men do that sometimes. I
trembled at the thought of Dulcice. I
trembled for tear her father had been
seriously hurt. How came he here?
Had he failed to clear the country be
fore the storm broke? Or had he
learned cf Dulcine's absence and re
turned to throw his life away because I
had lost her so completely? Was it any
w<mder that he was out of his mind?
"We uent forward softly through the
ealon to the dimly lighted apartment'
beyond. Several men— Rusian army
eurceons— were standing in the center
of the room looking at the bed, their
hands on their weapons. My eyes fol
lowed theirs, but at first I could hardly
see, coming as I had from a darkened
hall. Then some one turned up the
Uchts.
A gendarme 'was kneeling on the edge
of the bed holding its occupant under
him. And he was hf vlng his way, for
presently, with a etrange cry, the man
underneath sank back to the pillows. I
heard the click of handcuffs and knew
the struggle had been precipitated at
the sight of such cruel fetters. Then
the guard went off. the bed and stood
watch near by.
A way was tacitly made for me, and j
I approached the bedside quietly,
thouch I never took steps before or
rince so regretfully.
For a full minute I gazed downward
speechless and dumfounded upon the
fa^-e of— Sahib Menin!
The werewolf had played Ivan Oran
vTt oive too often! "
.For a moment I could not speak.
Then, lead with revenge, I leaned over
the man, -who I knew was watching
ine through half -closed eyes, and I
lifted the false imperial swiftly from
n'.t; face, and holding It aloft, I turned ,
to the astonished men behind me, say-
I
1
THIS is the fourth
and last install
inent of "The Queen
of Quelparte," the most
popular $1 50 novel of
the day. complete for 20
cents. Next Sunday the
first installment of an
other $1 50 nt)vel, "By a
Hairs Breadth,*' will'
appear in these pages
and will be completed in
four consecutive install
ments, making the cost
: for the entire book only
20 cents, an offer that
has not been equaled
anywhere else in mod
ern journalism.
The pleasing feature
about The Sunday Call's
liberal literary policy is
that there are not only
,no long waits between
i installments and no in
terminable
in our next'* catch lines,
but every book publish
ed is of the highest class
and exclusively timely.
As a particular in
stance in point "By a
Hairs Breadth" Tells of
the movements of the
Czar and his intrigues in
Continental Europe and
how he is safeguarded
by the dreaded "Third
Section." In view of the
present Eusso- Japanese
Mar this book is of ab
sorbing, even thrilling
interest.
. .1 laid him mc%: .^.eply in my debt by
•howing him the regulator 1 and\.-..ex
plkining that he could make the watch
so faster or slower as he chose. He
could';; not understand why one could
wish to make a watch go more' slowly,
whereupv*Bi I drew on hlB Idea of fast
horses, a.'id he admitted that it was
not best to keep a horse always travel
ing' at J hi* | prettiest | speed. Followin s
my ideft, he ' slowed his 7r»-tcJl*ei;, saw
or twice a , day, though /V%U\nad«*Lttti
nervous, and ht went ev»r'U> tht d*c u
'"Then, they would be just; together
again",- wouldn't they?" I asked him.
This was a + pu2zler, and he pulled out
his 'watch ;'and* sat down, looking
af it thoughtfully. Finally he . coin
cided wi^h my notion and affirmed that
he could, however, keep careful score
and be 'able to tell just how many
times arpundhe was ahead of the clock.;
His idea seemed tn.be that. the fastest
watch, like 'the . horse, was the
almost twice as many times as that
clock. . r
woke I was surer than ever that t<H]
trust her perfectly was my only courseBJ]
and I felt a new courage coming iBttfl]
me as the night thickened and the houflj
of action came nearer. f~\
How littlv* I knew into what spherfl]
my activities would be called! J 1
No word came from Kim's house. an'Sj
as midnight drew near (Kysang'a' bravMH
watch hurried It on apace!), I wap
planning another meeting with tbflj
King. I wilted patiently until K:'6|
san^s old bet! grave Its thunderoufll
alarm to tUe sleeping city, and therflH
arose and went to the door without <|3
word. S j
But there stood a woman in whiten
Oh, I shall never forget that f ."ice Wi
blanched with the most deadly fear. S ¦]
I looked and saw it was Kim's mdt&M
I went quickly toward her. Kim ]h&ifl
come! She had brought me the 6 00 |j|f
news! The one man who must kno^y cHl
Dulcine and her condition was no^S
within reacji, and I knew he would t«H]
me of her safety and help ma reieasfli
1 I breathed a prayer of thaaJuslvicHj
from & thankful heart. I ]
But all the time that white f*<flJ
stared wildly upon me. What coulfl |
that mean? The woman came neareHI
then quickly ran round me and eutereHi
Kysang's room. She fell across ttllj
threshold as the old man was comirg
out, and lay Bobbins her mesags In hH
arms. 1^1
Then he rose and came tottering fc'IS
ward. The little lantern partly llghtrBl
the space between us, but I could s>fl j
the man's face was very pale. I -1
"Kim has come, has he, Kysang?" I: |
cried in anguish. The man groaned. Hi
The woman sat up and leaned again H j
the partition of the room, and I nevHl
saw a sadder face. f 1
"Aye, yes, boy; Kim has conie," tin
old man sobbed. I SI
' And then he burst into tears, anH
putting his face in his arms, groaneBj
and spoke to himself as though ill
could not believe it. Then he looked u'.Ilj
feeling. I think, the misery I felt. Ar.pl
he dM not lessen it as ho said: AS]
"Yes, Kim has come, but it is Kim'tHl
more. Emmile!" he sobbed, "Emmi'?H.j
Emmile!" I'-J
Kysang • picked up the woman ar. *J
went out and I followed the two throusMj
the black streets, though I could get bHI
further word from them; they sroaneHj
at every step. | 1
It was all • too strange, almost; tHl
frighten me— and yet I was frightenecMj
What were their groans but words oH
fear and terror? What did they nteai^H
by saying Kim had come but it was no ||
In my despair I fled on the faste^H
through the smoky blackness, rreasinJH
upon their heels. I had waited in mosflj
poignant distress all these hours, and aHJ
the end had come this wild scene in tfcflj
bell house, these groans and tearJBj
these sighs of terrqr and despair! | Jj
The fresh air. and exercise 'a rou?«Hl
the woman, and taking the man's ht&flj
she now pressed on faster through ®|
perfect maze ' of narrow streets fl'ie w&
witH smoke. As Quelpartlena bUlBB
their fires beneath the floors lh-|l|
chimneys empty into the gutters, ar.<f||
on damp nights the narrower streetaH
are choked with smoke. | |
Yet the . smoke smelled better thasH
anything e!se. ! I
As I pushed on, I asked many ques-H
tions. Some I asked of the man before I
me. " Some I "asked myself; but to none I
.could I get or* give any answer. I won- I
tiered if this tumult could have been ¦
occasioned by "Kim's loss of position. 1
Might it not be that the boy already 1
had sacrificed himself and hi3 station I
for us? Had he already found Dulcine I
and saved Her? This was too good to be j
true by any. possibility. He could not I
have known the identity of. the white I
form we together had borne into the/1
throne room that night, nor would he ' I
have read the message he brought me
from Dulcine. He could not have
known that the fall of the great tablet
had buried her within the Queen's mau
soleum. And yet I remembered with a
start .that Prince Tuen's wily servaC^i i
bad known all 1 , this, at least they had I
guessed it all and had acted swlftly( I
and triumphantly on the basis of thei3|H
supposition. \ I i
But while I struggled with these f earsM
and hopes, we came to Kim's housc^B
where an excited crowd had gatheredMJ
Talk ran -high and was sensational lrMjj
its nature. I told Pak, who followed™
behind me, to remain without and Us- a
ten to all that was said. | J
I pushed on after Kysang and tliafl
mother. First I. saw the little sisteaj
lying on the floor shrieking loudlyMj
There waa no one else In the room.H
'JKhe mother led Kysang to a doorwayH
beyond, and the two looked through, H
Soon\Kysang turned back with a
ble sroan. He came to me, and as 'fcmjjl
came Us sobbed pitifully F]
"What \ have you done— what have! I
you doner*v
I saw he ai o:nc« asociated my rela-» I
tions to Kim Vjth the youth's Pres^J
condition. I waST utterly unnerved, *tJ
I went forward nulckl>? when once thtW
made way for.me.V«nd I entered ™HH
out stopping at the 'tfoor. fu f
There Kim sat on the floor laanm ¦
against the wall— and th^y were riginB
it was not Kim. His hair 'vas as whit<3
as snow. His eyes were staring dulhp
out of distended sockets^ .jT he fln *\ '
grave fact was distorted out " v of every * \
original proportion. He had awayj j
a sober, manly, servant of thetKInsr. He{ J
was now returned— a whte-halreu,^
gaping Idiot!
My anguish was of a selfish tinge, bur
it was no less genuine. -Besiop myselj
with terror, I fell prostrat* at tho ;
man's feet. He looked up at me, aal
i entered' the room... -with /* p«rfec^
blank expresion of-face. .Asjtsank X/m
.fore him the head tipped fonrard tcof* i
'ishly. •-. • ' 'fa b
"Kim, lad, you know me. you xntraf i
.know, me!" I cried... «^l
The boy answered ' not . a ward. I
grasped his aBkles— and they < were j
trembling. I felt his hands— the/ were |
cold and were shailnsr. too. .He was I?
trembling all over. Fright had inbal- t |
anced his mind.
I kept on pleading with him, *ut tci
no purpose. He sat in a tredbllnsif
lethargy. • and , I could • not arous«, . th»
staggered brain. But I ; Temembeted
my ' only alternative, ' ' and *' stood up
I M
. Kang was only a clerk In the Home
Department, but he .was so good that
even the beasts of the field obeyed him;
consequently the highest men In the
land feared him. At one time the frogs
in the little lake beside the building
croaked so loudly that Kang could bear
with them no- longer. He then wrote
¦the following on a piece of paper:
/'This. is, a government office, where
noise cannot be tolerated, for It inter
feres-with work. Instead of remember
ingr this and keeping: silence, out of
gratitude for our giving you this pond
to live in, you keep up" this horribly sad
croaking, which seems to be the only
volcftj heaven ¦ conferred upon you. But
;< a must'cee»&. 1* y :¦•- do not stop,. we
'•hall J hare to <?!«cipilne you."
¦ .'Kansr th'rt'-vr thia litter into the pond.
grounds near by, than he began to tell
of the strange Hon-pyungr Sa-ryung-bu,
or pond, near the Home Department,
where the frogs have never croaked
throughout the livelong years since
Kangr Kam-ch'al gagged their mouths
with' straw, i
CHAPTER ' XXVIII.
As I made my^yvayUhrough the wak- ;
ing city, my bright uniform
much. attention, and/r was glad enough
to find Kysang at the^bell house,; and
in; the* little ; room .where Kim'i^uncle
lived I foundV welcome retreat; It* was
evident- that; I was: not safe^in Keiri
riing now" without •' a~ goodly ¦¦ body of
Cossacks about me. ' JEven \ the". sly Me-.
&ln, master-trickster, f> had ; been :;at
tacked-.and- would have been killed had
hot Dejneff scattered his.assailan^s.'^
; Worn but, utterly, it 'was not^diffieult
for me to decide to rest for;,the [ day; in
Kysang's I warm /corner;'.* and, anxious
beyond, telling though. I was, to reach'
Dulcine;, I. determined to gain a little of
the | strength j I needed, and Kim ,
fajlingine, I would, go that night to the
King. 'I knew I ieouldnot see himuntil
night,,and I didr'jjot 4cnow, I
with a "Bob, whether^ I .could i do .sol*
even at /the most*approprlate'. time.' ! ;
' KyBang 7 gave me his softest mat : and'
I f ell'«n -It •despairingly,'; for; it seemed
near; a' crlme"for. me; to • sleep r nbw»*Y Yet *
there" in the center of^the great city i ,the
tramp j'.of, hundreds 7 of-i sandaled;. .feet
sounding' continuously in"^ imy { ears^'I ;
slept, and starteci - ; into wakefulness
> "Gentlemen, let me present a hell-
J hound of Prince Tuen's, Sahib Menin."
Their exclamations were lost on my
ears— but, oh! the oath hissed into that
pillow did my heart a great good!
The daylight bade me hasten, for I
could not remain in the legation with
out Dulcine, and Ling must be found or
I must go to the King.
"You made a fast run to Chcfu, Sa
hib Menin," I said.
"Peste!" he growled, "as fast as your,
message went there."
The villain was unmasked. He spoke
now, as tierce and domineering as ever
i in that mountain hut. It made my
blood boil! But I swallowed my anger
and determined to play with my defiant-
mouse a bit. • A
"Instead, you came here, sharpened
the teeth of your trap, and stuck your
own leg in it;" and I laughed a* heart-'
ily as though laughter and not groans
had been my whole portion jof late. But
Menin laughed too— that same hellish
grin— and I wanted to spring at*, his
throat.
"Where Is your launch?" I 'asked
quickly, for I could not beat the bush
longer; "tell the truth now for once; I
promise you will pay death for each
. "At Chefu," he answered calmly.
"Then, sir"— and I had determined
upon my course anticipating this lying
reply — "in an hour Admiral Holstrem of
the Russian fleet will have your boat
found and searched."
The man's eyes were coals of fire.
"Then he will find a dead woman in
it." ' '
I had turned away, but this drove me
back. mad.
"Then, by the Lord God, I will come
back and shoot you where you lie till
you are dead," I cried and turned on
my heel again. •
"So my life Is worth more to you
than hers?" The reply, half a reflection,
half a question, unnerved me utterly,
but I strode on toward the door deter
minedly..
Did ever a man ache as I did at that
moment? If Menin let me go now, it
was because either his men • did not
have Dulciire or he was" ready to die
the death 1 named (If, as he had said,
his life was worth more to me than
hers)! 'And here he had me. By the
Lord, if he. my prisoner, was not the
master still!
I thought all this out as I strode to
the curtains of the salon- door, but
there I turned and looked back. , I
could not help it." • •
And" all the answer the : dart-devil
Rave me was that hellish laugh. Hark!
I can h*ar it now— loud, clear, defiant. '
and eroding in an unknown oath!
1 went <m. for I could not stop.with
out confessing 'the mastery of his posi
tion..« In Ahej-wr'tirS-room I found .
1 blank* and Ibeya^. formulating my mes
; Bfigttu the'';aqmlra£"^4ntli'wrotea'nd"
. dcsrtrojrd an! rewrote that single mes
. ea/ie. ~Tli- oaestion^flualiy resolved it-
I e^rUfto: lust *his: Did I uaxe- to trust
that"/ Dulcine h*d . refuted • to open , the -
.-sarcophagus' tfi /any other signal than
1 "th^ one *he:!s|d promi«ed r o obey ? . Of .
ourse it.was^^KjsaJble that ; Menin had'
¦giver.; this slpaal- of ours; accidentally,
but. I had ]on£,i«»*c«jolyed'not 'to* con- -
e tr ttite-- .¦exir*trf*Ji»ary f^tal coinci- " '
,• ¦¦-¦ jl clung desperately to;my theory
t; • 'Ouiclne h^d> peycr. bten released,
based wholly upon my faith" in her. But '
ft was foolhardy to run useless risks,
and my : hand dropped nerveless when
I strove? to sign Oranoff's name to the
order I. had written.
As I lay/ on the table perplexed,, a
.happy alternative occurred to me. I
could at least prove Jlenin's words con- ~
cerning the .presence of his launch. off'
Chefu, and in a moment I substituted
this query for the order I could not dare
to send: .• '. '¦:-^. :
Admiral Holstrem. Chef u— Advise; at
once if two-masted steam launch Is an
chored in either inner or outer harbor
Chefu. ORAXOFF, per MARTYN •>
I'culckly reduced this to cipher and
had Jt sent Einging on its way.
Then I went back to my. mouse.- It .,
v.ould be an hour befor.e I could nail'
Benin's first lie. And I thought of
other things to ask him. p
"In an hour. Sahib Menin, your Ifes
wil'l be thrown back in your .teeth," I
¦ began; "in the meantime you will do
well if you tell the truth."
"Jamie! but you are a fool, 1 ' he !
growled; "think you Prince Tuen's pri- •..
vate launch, will be overhauled and
searched'like a' pirate's junk?" -
I- ignored the words in. proportion .as ',
they affected me. For the first time '
Jlenin confessed Tuen to be his mas
ter! . , , . . " ;. \ ¦]
"Aye, and sunk.atits berth, if your
words prove' true," I retorted. • ,
"Oh, ' but," you are a fool," the man.
snarled, and turned over to his pillow,
ignoring fny presence absolutely. J
I began to feel 1 now. that^I dealt in '. -
truth, with no common villain,:.' and ¦''
also, with a gust of anger, that I played
poor hands as master. ' However false
Menin was otherwise, he was truly '¦
genuine in his disgust 'at my -boyish ,,
bravado. I had .the wit to retire .to my-,
own room and sleep until my answer '
came. r #
My;boy brought it and aroused me;
with shaking hand I translated : the V
words one by one and glared at the re
sult: /,->V> .-V '•---. ';J: j'.i
Xone but Tuen's private yacht, which l
Just put out to s*.a. ' HOLSTREM. ! 1
With this in my 'band I rushed back J
to Oranoff's suite.' * t .'* •„ '
"Tour yacht has left Chefu, Sahlb,V./<
I rippe^-otft riow ; a'nsrily.- /-/ ! '. : .'< '- i
"Because the message it, was awaiting <
was not Bent." -The devil' drawled the '-i
words without talcing hte head from the* 1
pillows or looking at me. , .¦>;¦, 'j-?ti
"Where has it gone?" t demanded, j
exasperated.' .- • .-" H il
"To Shanghai." xj> :¦:;'"<' j** V \)
"Are' you ready to send woi-^ *c k; iu- e 1
the prisoner delivered there to tne Rusr'i]
slan Minister?" - " ¦¦'{ *; '. \- ., v ¦. - t \": '¦'¦¦* \
"Are you ready to go to the King'and^i
tell him ».the' Imperiar. mausoleum,- Is- }
empty?" "" . j ;•. i
"I'll see you in hell first," I, hurst 6u.t,->
crazed ,by r the -beast's ' Impudence. ' ' ' '.'¦•'¦ \
The man now tat-up in bed. '. ¦'¦. j \ ''
"Hark, fool; Shanghai: is \the last 1
place I can catch them; if thcy.do'not^'i
hear from me there,, they will go up the t
river' arid peddle (their • freight 'in i the it
opjura dens of Ithe Yangtse." : ' : f * • s
This was too overdone. t
THE SANt?FRANaSCX> y ;SUNDAY 'CALII
oftener. for fear it would get ahead.
Kysang could not understand •why
there: 'should be an arbitrary rule con
cerning the numbers .on the watch's
face. I once tried to explain the length
of the day and the rise and setting of
the sun, but he objected so often and
with such shrewdness, insisting, for In
stance, that some days were ' much
longer than others, that I got out of
the argument only by dint of .a series
of ; long words ' which ','¦ completely , si
lenced him. As : to having twenty- four
figures oh (the.ta.ce", he .could not see
why, this would not be a distinct im
provement;-; The larger; the face,, the
better Kysang said he would be suited.
He was a .little, put out ; because the
clock In the hotel struck the hours, and
his watch did ; not. .^Couldn't ' they put
in a' little. bell?. Another thing which'
.troubled him was that 'the clock was
wound up* only, once a week, and his
/watch, had .to be, wound daily; this, on
the face "of it, was a reflection on the
watch. ' • ,
"' So -I found myself delivering a dis
sertation on. watch-springs." I told j Ky
sang of the -American, sailor who took
: his fine watch toa Japanese jeweler* to
: be put \ in .order, j&rid , who found after
getting : It back .that I* it 'would '. run I in
fair -but not In cloudy weather." , Ky
sang was as puzzled as the sailor; the
Japanese, had^put .in ¦ a . main
spring wliich'swelled when the air was
darnp. ¦>':'¦'/,<"*.' v " : :--.'¦;• '.-.'¦. .¦¦**¦
~ ' Thus ftbi* day '.'passed In "assort; of
: waking > sleep^-wlth now ; and then a
iriewjdevelopment ,in .. Kysang's j moving
V The) watch £ made \? him
forget his legends^eyen.iuntil -the night
I cameif But' no . sooneirv had • I asked "him
about \ the • little " lake I in the palace
THE QUEEN OF QUELPARTE
2was not a hopeful omen. For aught I
knew he had looked upon Dulcine's
dead body, but I fought such fears
away with desperate hope and laid out
quick'.y my. next step.
Sending Pak to the legation for
horses. I followed him back to the bell
house to wait, and while there I made
a large bundle of white strips of cloth
from a couple of Kysang's coats I found
on his wall.
Pak came and we were off at a gal-
vere priests at the temple, and Kim
had been somewhere there holding
vatch over the Queen's body even as
his old father had watched it at Lynx
Island. I must reach that temple of
the .tomb before the* men in black
reached it. I did not doubt that they
would have other business in Keinning,
and with haste I might outride them
and reach their temple first.
I -did not stop to wonder what had
unsettled Kim — though his condition
Those tongueless men in black! Why
had I net guessed it all before? They
As for m<\ I called my boy, and went
quickly out into the night. I knew I
need not look for more he!p from Kim.
It would be days, perhaps weeks, before
he would recover. What was to be
done I must do alone and do quickly.
I pulled Pak into the dark and asked
him how Kim had come home.
"He was brought by the men in black
who are priests at the temple of the
tomb."
I put the lantern on the floor before
the huddled, trembling form of the
youth. I backed quickly into the farth
est corner, and the silly face followed
me. Here in the darkness I drew
Nsase's swe-rd. I had not looked upon
it before tave in daylight, and now It
shone like the very sword with which
s'ic danced. I had not ctvung It once
over my head before the dull eyes
opened wider. Noting the advantage,
I whirled the b!ade bravely before me
and rushed down upon the prostrate
form of Kin^. Lin?. He cowered back,
displayfng> by sir deiner. the first sign
of mental activity. I threw the sword
iii. the r.shen fnce and shouted in the
lad's ears. I seized the back of his long
cost and threw him to his feet. Then I
epoke sternly, even fiercely, my mouth
not an inch from the quivering eyelids:
"The Queen lives, Kim; tell me she
lives! Long live the Queen!"
The next moraer.t seemed an eternity
to me. Physician* never watched the
action of a potent drug, when life was
hanging by its slenderest silver thread,
with mere anxiety than I watched the
effect of these words upon that disor
dered brain. I could see them burn
deeper and deeper, as the seconds
passed. One by cr.e the quivering mus
cles relaxed. One by enc each wild
light died out of his eyes. Then the lad
slowly raised his hand and saluted me
with his first particle of sentient
strength, murmuring thickly:
"Aye — the Queen lives — long live the
Queen!"
Then he fainted, and I laid him In his
mother's lap. But she saw the change
In the face, listened to the regular,
quiet breathing, and wept over him for
very joy.
<juickiy and shut the door In those star
lag faces.
I was desperate. Failure here and
now meant a confesrion to the King.
I could not, would not. fail. I felt if I
could set one hint from Kim, Dulcine
niJ?l;t be saT<?d. I felt Instinctively
that h!s condition was attributable in
some wav to the terrible farce we had
played. He must have seen Dulcine,
and tlie shook had unbalanced him. I
I:nevr a mind unhinged by fright could
be aroused again only by a like shock
of equal violence, and I acted on, this
theory. • » ; • /
Only a moment after, Pak seized my
arm convulsively. I leaned toward
him. He did not even whisper! but
with his hand turned my head. I
looked into the blackness beyond, but
could see nothing. Then the soft tread
of sandaled "eet sounded outside the
temple. The sounds came nearer. They
mounted the steps. The matting was
drawn aside, and two men entered.
The two In black had returned from
Keinning! .
My dearest hope was realized! We
crouched lower, but I watched the two
intently. In the dim gray light their
black gowns could be easily followed.
They stealthily crossed the large room
to where the altar stood, y There they
stopped, but then as I looked upon
them, plain to be seen there in the dim
Iteht, they vanished from sight!
I leaped to my feet. I could see more
plainly now; no one was near the altar,
and with a stern word to Pak, I drew
Nsase's sword ¦ and rushed forward.
The hideous image stared down upon
me as though frantic with fear. I did
not blame it- The candles on the altar
were burned out, but around it on each
side I felt the hangings of heavy tapes
try. I pushed one of these, and it gavts
way. Instantly I bent down and nearly
fell into a hole through the floor, which
had not been closed up.
Sheathing the sword, I crawled under
the hanging and let myseir down. My
feet reached a step, and I stood and
turned about. The step • rested on a
floor of stone flagging. It. seemed light
er at my feet, and I bent over. Then I
saw a narrow passageway four feet
high and thrice as long, with a .torch
burning at the end.
And it led straight as an arrow to
ward the mound!
Drawing my sword again, I crouched
down and went swiftly where. the pas
sage paved with stone led. No wonder
It took time to build the mausoleum if
a stone-ballasted underground railway,
was a necesary adjunct! By the torch
was a paper door, standing ajar. - I
looked beyond and saw the two were
standing in a hallway beside an open
door with others near them. The hall'
was some six feet in height, and ex
tended on into the dark, but ever
straight toward the tomb.
My plan was not to be achieved by
I spent my time trying to remember
the details' of the temple. But all I
could recall was the dais upon which
the golden sarcophagus had rested be
hind the yellow curtains. I think we
entered the building nearly where the
hideous impersonation of Oranoff had
stood and lured me away. I shudder
even now as I remember that face! If
I was right, then the altar was beyc-nd;
I trusted to luck, and we crawled far
along and stopped behind a screen
which had been discarded since the fu
ne.'al."'
It struck 2. In the first dim gray of
morning I could make out the outline of
the pillars of the temple. The corning
of morning would change my plans.
Yet while I was waiting I undid my
heavy bundle and took out a quantity
of white bands. These I wound about
my arm and legs, Pak assisting me.
wondering but silent. Then I wrapped
my body closely, and, lastly, my neck
and head, leaving a slit to see through.
I took "Pak's long white cloak, such as
all Quelpartiens wear, and bound it
about my waist for a skirt, winding
the scabbard of Nsase's sword in white
and hanging it at my side. We worked
desperately, and it grew lighter. Fi
nally I lay quiet— and ready.
CHAPTER XXIX.
4 The chime of half-oast 2 rang out
from the city. We lay still as Indians —
my boy Pak and I. We ccuM not even
see each other, for it was the darkest
hole I was ever.in. Yet iny plans could
wait, if necessary, until morning light.
And what I was hoping for might hap
pen before then — if we were not too
late.
of ground on which the building stood*
We then climbed -upward and entered
tha building. I /
I breathed a prayer and crept up
ward softly, for I remembered how I
was dressed— thei;e- were no others I
cared to frighten!
At the too was a little room some
eight feet square in which was a couch
lying along the wall. Before.it on the
floor a paper lantern lay on its side;
the flame ha a hole through it.
The candle ¦»*% still long and would
remaining unseen. I waited just a mo
ment. Then I threw the door open and
rushed upon the group, waving . my
sword. -With gestures of alarm, .the
men fell across the threshold and shut
a heavy door as I flew by.- The moan
ing coming from that room has not yet
ceased to ring: in my ears. I pitied
men so superstitious— and yet I must
have made a wild sight as a Queen's
soul rampant!
I did not stop here, for I knew that
door would not be opened soon. ¦ I went
on. I came to a flight of stone steps,
almost a stone ladder, ascending very
straight. .Jrvf-
A cry of joy rose to my quivering
lips. I sheathed Nsase's sword, and as
cended silently. The steps' were in a
round shaft dug in the soft limestone,
perhaps five feet In diameter. As I
slowly ascended, the air became heavy,
and I caught the dense scent of spices
and balsam.
I crept to the couch on which Kim
had lain, where I sat still, thinking, for
my plans had now to be readjusted. As
I sat there I remembered Kim and
thought how nearly I had guessed the
truth! The boy, like the father, sat
facing the King's precious treasure —
never to leave it save for short visits
to his home. What a life that' had been
for the lad to look forward to!
Would that white-haired boy ever re
turn? I doubted it. For this must ever
be. to him the most dreadful place in
the world. ! Here he sat In -the* dim light,
gazing idly, perhaps, through . those
heavy bars.- Suddenly the golden cover,
have lasted Kim all night, I thought—
for this was surely: his room. - The lan
tern,' lying: whe^ he ' had knocked it,
proved 'the; room had not been ' entered
by /the men in black, and' I knew they
would not come now! ; . " ' K _-
All this passed through my mind ere
I mounted the last step. ' My face was
even with " the- curtain; of ;the wall, and
tny eyes :' did not fall upon the heavily
barred 'window In it until I was "fairly
atthetopof the stairs. I sank quick
ly; to my knees and crawled to it. The
light . cast by the bright candle fell
ddwnward, and, panting, I raised my
self to the; corner of the window and
looked down. At first all was darkness,
but then, as once before in the temple
of* Ching-ling. a long, bright,, shining
objects appeared* slowly in the. gloom,
and :my eves rested full on the golden
sarcophagus of -the Queen!
It -was only by exerting my utmost
strength- that I'kept from leaping to
the. window' and crying out, -but I
feared the shock of the sudden greeting.
Besides, . my hands . were around the
great Iron bars, and these tempered my
exultation and set me thinking. l ?.\'$J.
; The window was two feet square,
four great bars two inches In diameter
being planted in the solid masonry, in
thte hope of keeping the Queen's soul in
Its gloomy cell.
. and we hurriedly, brushed the white
1 rags Into a corner, t
1 Then I walked to the center of the
: room, making a loud noise with my
¦ boots, and there I uttered a long hal
loo. I repeated it soon vehemently, but
I had to wait some little thne; it took
> courage for them to open that door
again t /
A door finally opened slowly on the
far side of the building, and those
twelve tonsruele33 creatures dresed In
black entered, paralyzed with fear,
even holding one another's # hands. The
door blew shut behind them, and every
one whirled about with a gasp.
But they knew me, or at least my
uniform quieted them, and I treated
them as roughly as any Russian as
they filed to the long bench to which I
pointed.
Pak was my interpreter, but, on my
oath, I knew not what to gay first.
"The great King," I began at ran
dom, but in a^very loud voictr. "desires
to know if all is well in the temple ot
the tomb."
The row of liars nodded affirmatively,
looking sideways at each other to see if
they agreed.
"Tour rooms are comfortable?" I
queried.
"Yes."
'The service and appointments of tha
temple are complete?"
Again thev nodded.
I was stil! playing for time, bat I
now gave up in despair and blurted
cut:
"Send for General Kim Ling."
A9 Pak repeated this, tne poor men
shook like beech leaves in March. One
of the two attempted to talk on his fin
gers, but gave it up quickly with a
groan. Then he arose and pointed to
ward the city.
I Interpreted the gesture by asking:
"Keinnlng?"
And all the gaping heads nodded.
"He is satisfied with His Majesty's
arrangements?"
I put this lie into the tongueless
and they swallowed it whole,
each looking blankly at his fellow as ha
wagged his head.
There was something ghastly ridicu
lous about it all. and I kept from
laughing only with effort.
But I saw Pak was growing pale and,
alarmed, I cut short this scene by com
ing to the point.
"His Majesty feared lest, in the com
motion caused by the funeral, the tem
ple might have been neglected and
might now be wanting for some neces
sity,' or that actual use might have
shown the need of chance. He is par
ticularly anxious" — and I whispered
the words and made Pak dp so— "lest
the bars cf the Queen's window are so
far apart that her soul would attempt
to escape."
The words told awfully on the trem
bling men. They fairly writhed. One
arose to speak, forgetting in his excite
ment that his tongue had been re
moved. He sank to the floor. Another
attempted to talk with his fingers, but
they shook beyond all reading.
The Quelpartien idea of a soul's tak
ing human form Is matched nowhere,
perhaps, save among that tribe of
American Indians who leave a space in
their funeral procession where the soul
of the deceased may walk before the
corpse.
I remembered that these men in black
were the masons and carpenters of tha
Imperial mausoleum, that they planned
and built the tomb- the watcher's cell,
the window, and the passageway
thither from the temple of the tomb.
At last, after a confused wrangle, one
man arose, stood before me, and held
his quaking hands far apart, nodding
wildly.
"Are the bars too wide?" I asked.
Pak repeated my question, and a
dozen heads began bobbing violently.
Then I reprimanded them severely
(not asking for further proof), and
roughly ordered that the error be cor
rected. • "
Holding the package I carried more
tightly under my arm, I started for the
door through which the priests had en
tered the room, and when I saw they
stood aghast at my presumption, I
turned to Pak and told him that the
King had ordered the altar passage
closed up.
These words had their effect. They
knew I was about niy business. Then
I ordered them to get their tools to re
move the heavy stone In which the
bars were planted, since double the
. number of holes must be drilled In it.
This . work could not be done in the
tomb, so the stone must be carried '
away. Fortunately, like the great tem
ple, the sound of a hammer and mallet
must not be heard here.
I led the way, entering the higher
hall by a passageway I had noticed la
my previous hasty incursion and no one
being near me, I mounted the stone
steps, as careful now to step heavily as
I had been careful before to step light
ly. Once at the top, I ran to the barred
window and cried:
"Dulcine— it Is Robert— lie still until
I come."
Utter silence reigned In that dim
room. • I wondered If Dulcine had
fainted. Oh, the agony of that next
half hour!
The priest3 came up fearfully, and
went to work. The activity made men
of them again, and soon the base stone
was loosened, and they looked at me
for the order to remove it, wondering,
nd doubt, if I would guard the window
while the change was made. I gave
the word by an eager gesture. They
lifted it, and all went with It down the
steep stairs. They were glad to get
away from that black, open hole.
And; oh. was I not glad to have them?
In a moment I had rushed headlong
through it, down into that mass of cake
and spice. My first thought was of the
chill of the room as I floundered down
into the space between the wall and
pedestal on which the sarcophagus
rested.
Then I was up again and over the
sarcophagus. . It was closed. With a
groan I fumbled" at the cover, and as I
-wrenched at it. it slid along. It was not
fastened within.
'_, My eyes were now on the long glass
lid." I opened it, and— the sarcophagus
•was as empty as the tomb. •
CHAPTER XXXI.
' I remember going down the atone
stalr3 and finding Pak and telling him
to take me home. I remember coming
•back on the horse, but Pak must have
done most of my riding for me. When
I reached the legation old Dejneff took
me into my room, and before I loat
track of things entirely,- 1 know I asked
him to telegraph Colonel Oranoff to"re
turn to Kelnning.
' I believed then that Menin had really
won! I believed that Dulcine was where
he had told me she was— on that yacht'
of Prince Tuen's. What would be done
to save her I could not tell. I had done
all I could do, and I felt that my mind
was letting go of the problem with
Behind that discarded screen a trans
formation tc-ok placed Tearing the
bandages from mv arms and legs, I
quickly donned a brilliant uniform, and
soon, after a few touches from Pak's
practiced hands. I stood forth as un
like the Queeri's soul, in which role I
had been an undoubted success, as
darkness is unlike light. Of the great
bundle I brought, little was now left,
Running down the , narrow hall, I
passed the- door of the priest's room. It
opened as I came to it, but was quickly
closed, and I her^l a man fall to the
floor with a groan.
This suited me exactly, for I needed a
little time, and I knew that the doc-r
would not be opened soon again. I
crept forward quickly to the altar, and
came out to my boy Pak.
CHAPTER XXX.
closed by the King's own hand, started.
I wondered if -the youth had detected
Its first movement. Then a white hand
was laid, perhaps, on the golden curved
side. He niust • have seen that, and I
groaned as I thc-ught\of such a specta
cle in such a place. Then slowly, may
be, the. murdered Queen, asleep two
years.^sat up.in her ceyi
Oh, with what terror the lad must
have thrown himself headlong down
those stone steps; little wonder the men
in black heard his awful cry; little
wonder that, when they found him, it
was- not Kim: No mind could have en
dured such a strain and retained its
delicate equilibrium.
All this scene passed through my
mind in a moment's time. Scon I had
altered my plans to meet the new con
ditions, and I righted the lantern,
looked once more upon the golden cas
ket, and leaned for a moment In prayer
against the heavy bars.
Then, placing the lantern on the
couch, I drew my sword and. went down
out cf the room swiftly.
THE SAN FRANGISCOC SUNDAY: CALt.
As the cathedral chimes rang out 2
o'clock, we were tying the horses in a
clump cf bushes half a mile from the
temple. Then circling around, we made
our way softly through the gloom. I
know not what Pak took for a guiding
star, but with great certainty he
brought me to the foot of the little rise
3"It's every man for himself, and all
of us for the lieutenant. Fight, ye
devils, and let us have no wailing over
a hurt or two."
It was twenty to forty, and if there
was any moral advantage it was off
set by the forty being undercover.
It was a case of snapshooting — of
sunning — of stealth. The kid had a
zoo! head, and his nerve was with
him. He moved along the line from
flank to f.ani{, encouraging and direct
ing and pausing for a moment here
and there to lift up the musket of a
wounded man and flee a shot himself.
Thd twenty pressed the forty back
slowly, hut at fearful cost. At the
end of half an hour the scrseant re
ported: - ; • . -v.. ?';
"Lieutenant, we have » tour "killed
arid six wounded. That's half our
force. Have we cleared the • record
yet?" > ¦:.:-¦ v;";^.;-\^-^^> :^;? : , y>
.: "Stand by me/ sergeant!*' . pleaded
the boy. tut tic reached out for the
other'i hand. "What we want now is
to rise up and "charge them.".;; £ $¦% ;l
"Then It's with you we are. but God
will that at least one of us will be left
alive to tell the story!",; '
§g Of. a*, sudden the .ten; charged with
shouts and yells, and the twenty-eight
or- thirty^bucks?:left;' becamepantc- ;
rtrlcken after- a moment Cand fled.
They did not (le« from men ' oh _ their
feet*with muskets In their hands, but
f roni men lying on the snow In all
postures," dead or grievously wounded.
An hour later a rescuing party from
the fort found them thus, and the
first load of the ambulance contained
the only two living — the kid and the
sergeant.
; "Recommended for promotion," re
ported the colonel in the lieutenant's
case.
"Promoted to be orderly sergeant,"
was the record in the other. -,•.!.,:•
. "As to following- the trail until we
overtakes the bucks. There's forty to
twenty, and they'll fight like h— 11 j but
If tvo arc to die. let's do It for the kid
~for his. honor's sake. As many of
you as will go along o' me tip with
the right hand. All up.- eh? I knew
It would be ao. We brought the kid
out here and dishonored him, but,
please God, we'll take him back as
bright as a new dollar or find, our
graves in the enow. Steady u. bit.
while I give him the good news."
. ; He found the boy officer still seated
on the atone, but now lie had a photo
graph in hit Hand and was looking at
it through his tears of humiliation.;
.; '.'Whisht now, lieutenant. •- There's f si"
glorious chance for you • created by
Providence. > There's a war- trail only
forty rods away, and we want .to be
after them bucks hot-foot Inside of ten
rrifnutep. It'll he ii light to wipe but
all that's gone .before v and; make ';'»
glorious record for old Company G."
The boy officer sprang ; up '- and
grasped the sergeant's hand with a
"God bless you!? arid then they we're
off. '< It Was a plain trail, as the hos
tiles;meant it to ,be, and -it was fol
lowed for miles and miles on the lope
and with scarcely a halt.' .Then there
came the report of a single rifle and a
bullet dashed the boy's cap off. The
Indians discovered that they were be
ing. followed and had taken cover.
There was a, smile of happiness on the
war party of forty In the snow. It
led to the east. The patch on the sole
of each moccasin meant the war trail,
and that peace no longer existed. The
band was going toward Plum Valley.
"See, here, laddies," said the ser
geant after inspecting the trail with
hia own eyes, "our kid.' got rattled
when- the pinch came, and he's sitting
up there ready to cut, his own throat
over it* I'm sure you'll all swear se
crecy, but that won't do for him. His
pride had been wounded to death.
How many of you are game to help
me save him?"
; "As to how?" was asked.
FOR HONOR'S SAKE
By Allen Forster
Colonel Oranoft was compelled to re
turn to Chefu and go on fr"om Chefu
to Port Arthur; anxious as Dulcine and
I were to be off, I had some matters
which in conscience demanded myat
teiillpn before I bede good-by to gray,
K»A|ins and to Quelparte. It was ar
rafWd that we, with Captain Dejneff,
shou'0 follow on a later boat and go on
to Port Arthur with Colonel Oranoff.
As affairs political quieted, Dulcine
and I rode out > once more Into the
bright, sunlight, over Silkworm's Head,
or far across the valley of the Phan in
to the browifhllls beyond. One morn-
Ing we . rode out early j with Pak, who
led," beside his own, another horse. We
passed through the Chinese quarter of
the city and on by the Queen's mau
soleum. For a time we stood in si
lence looking at the great mound and
the temple -of the tomb at its base;
neither of us spoke, though little Fak's
eyes, as he glanced now and again at
me, said many things. Then we can
tered on and climbed the steep foot
hills to the spot where Nsase gave me
the sword. The narrow path beyond
CHAPTER XXXIII.
THE END.
Beyond sat old Dejneff — looking as
though he had seen the tiger- woman at
last! - He nursed his knuckles seriously,
and now and then mechanically stroked
his missing beard, whereupon he stirred
uneasily. The flickering light played
hide-and*seek in the furrows of the
man's fate, and X knew ho \ras far
away in Quelparte. If. I sever see
Dejneff Again, I have this vision of his
sturdy, «honest phiz to remember— and
the memory will be a precious one.
Nearer me, Just beyond xmicine.
Prince Meranoff leaned forward' in a
great armchair, hta face thrust Into
his hand, the steady eyes upon the
writhing blades and lighted by the re
flected fires. la the position he had
happened to assume, one shoulder was
higher than another, and a tinge of thr
old fear of Sahib Menin ran through
me as I looked covertly at htm. r w .'
Beside ma sat Dulcine, and I looked
at her as I felt for her nand in the
dark.;- She was gazing intently upon
; the • mad dance, = hut is I f onnd her
hand she looked tip at mo quickly— even
as she looked that night In my room
in. the : ; Russian Legation In Keinning
¦w hen she : had . arisen : bo | strongly ; to
such a deed of ' infinite daring.' Sly
thought became her own, and we
kisaed each other there In the gloom.
And as I looked again for a lait time
from face to face, and then once more
upon ttiat thing cf fir© ttfcT» cf, Qutl
parte-with 1 the tender -vistas of its
paddy-fields, its white-robed inhabi
tants, their myths and superstitions,
gray old Keinning and its secret which
the broad river Phan still bears with
sealed lips to the sea came back to me
as it can never come again until I sec
those same; faces lighted as they were
that night by the trembling flashes
shot from the sword-dancer's blades.
We find life in St. Petersburg ex
ceedingly pleasant, and my duty' as
captain in the Czar's Cuirassiers is not
the prosaic thing that I had anticipated
"after West Point," as we were wont
to say, as though expecting to be burled
alive! Colonel Oranoff is with us fre
quently, though now I must call him
Prince Mcranoff; he has a fine estate
to-day far down on the Danube. His
bold stroke In Quelparte, which gave
Port Arthur to Russia without costing
an ounce of powder, was a final tri
umph, and the Czar— that "hardest and
best-served master in the world" — am
ply repaid his servant.
The Prince's busiest hours are spent
in the Foreign Office here in St.
Petersburg, for he is a high officer
now in that silent army which is for
warding fast old Peter's dream, -^j.-.
When I read a story, I like to have it
close quickly at the end, and now I
have told mine my aversion to overtold
stories rises up to bid me pause. Yet
there is one scene that belongs to this
little drama which began in far-away
Quelparte, that was acted here in St.
Petersburg, which I cannot omit. We
had not been settled here long before
Dejneff came, and then to our great
surprise Prince Meranoff brought us
one day an invitation to dine with the
Czar— to whom this story of Quelparte
had been told. Of course Dejneff was
included in the invitation — and even
Nsase! All the details of the visit I
left gladly to Dulcine and her father.
And there, to the Czar and Czarina,
Mrs. Martyn told her story, while the
rest of us put in our parts as we were
appealed to for them. Emperor Nicho
las was particularly Interested in the
myth of insanity coming upon relatives
of desecrated dead. I remembered he
was silent whil« we .were laughing at
a sober comment which Dejneff put In,
and which the Czar plainly heard.
But when Dulcine had finished, the
Czarina came and kissed her passion
ately, though Nicholas said slowly in
French, "But the end is not yet." Then
he told of the later plotting of Tuen
against Whang-Su and other things of
which even the Times does not tell. At
last Dulcine forgot host and hostess
and arose unsteadily from her chair,
and when she spoke her voice sounded
like a child's cry:
"I do not care for sequels, your Maj
esty."
Nicholas sat looking quietly at the
flowers as the ladies moved away, the
Czarina's arm thrown around Dulcine,
but murmured low, as to himself, "Nor
do I, madame."
In an adjoining room, heavily cur
tained at the center, we found happier
themes for conversation, when, to my
utter surprise, the room suddenly be
came darkened. Dulcine pressed my
hand assuringly, and I saw the surprise
was for me. The heavy curtains
parted, and there In the half-light
stood Nsase, a shining sword in each
hand— to dance before the Emperor!
In the mountains of Quelparte she
had danced for my life; now Nsase
danced as for her very own. The
tiger-skins, her only raiment, her long
black hair again wrought into those
snakellke Braids, the swords bewilder
ing in their myriad convolutions, were
wonderfully beautiful. Though the
tragic element, so vital In her perform
ance In that mountain cave, was miss
ing, yet there was an added glory here.
The luxurious room, the deep carpet,
the heavy hangings, the gilded tinsel of
ornate frescoing, were much in keeping
with the brilliant performance. The
wavering lights, which, as I saw them
before, were lost on the dull sides of
that mountain cave, were now flashed
back from a thousand glittering sur
faces.
I sat at the end of the- little semi
circle and could look unobserved upon
the distinguished little audience. The
Czar and the Czarina now saw a thing
new even to their eyes; they lost not
one curling ray of flre, not one reeling
bolt, not one bright crash of flame.
CHAPTER XXXIV,
wlth Northern China— all approach to
Peking."
And before night fell there arose
from the water the hills of Port Arthur
and on the great mast, above Ihe basin
of solid masonry in which the huge
dredges lay. floated the dc-uble eagles of
Russia — Peter's dream had come an
other hundred leagues nearer its real
ization!
"Wrong again," the wretch answered,
even now no whit dismayed; "he laughs
best who laughs most!"
"Silence!" burst out Oranoff, and Me
nin'c «ves narrowed to a slit and went
to him.
"Robert, what of this man?" said
Oranoff to me., V:v:- /V- 5 :
"Everything" I asked, knowing
only too well that I could tell nothing
unless I told it all.
"Everything, if so God gives you
breath."
I began with Lynx Island, though
acknowledging freely that I was not
sure Menin was there; I told of the ac-
That hall was not so long to-night!
. The room at Its end was dimly
lighted, but the occupant of the bed
fully recognized me when I entered,
and he knew, I am sure, the man who
came wonderingly after me. The Cos
sacks stood erect as we came In. and
Colonel Oranoff went straight to the
foot of the bed. I turned on a full
flood of light.
The snarl from the pillows was not
more suggestive than the soft "Oho"
that broke from Oranoff's lips as his
form straightened 'and his hands
clutched the heavy footboard. '
There was silence a moment as the
two looked each other face to face.
"He laughs best -who laughs last," I
said with my usual triteness. Then
Sahib Menin turned and looked at me.
The glance was worth having lived
long to see! Dulcine had been under
thiB very roof when toe had boasted
of having possession of her and he
knew I did not know that it was false.
He had staked as heavily on my evi
dent ignorance of the fact that he had
released Dulcine and turned her over
to Dejneff, as he had on making me be
lieve her away on Tuen's yacht. • He
looked upon me as the criminal looks
upoty the hound that has brought him
into the fiercer clutches of the law.
CHAPTER V XXXII
In my turn I told of meeting Menin
in the mountains, of his threat, of
Xsase and Kysang and Kim, of finding
Menin at the Legation and of my esca
pade in the temple of the tomb.
It was during one of these long talks
in the salon that Colonel Oranoff ar
rived. He kissed Dulcine fondly, hold
ing my hand the while affectionately.
Then he turned.
"You sent for me, Martyn?"
"Yes," I replied simply; "come, and I
will show you why," and I led him to
Sahib Menin.
Poor Kim! The first shock had been
a cruel one, which, through each hour
in his own cell, watching a casket he
knew was empty,, preyed upon his mind
until he became what I found him.
preparing herself for ths unusual role;
she told me of the hours in the throne
room— of how she would have given
anything she possessed to have been
able to laugh In the King's very face!
Blinded as she was, of course nothing
of the pomp and majesty of the mum
mery impressed her, and she only* saw
the absurd side of it all. She told me
of the long journey to the m?-usoleum
and the terrific jolting she received
within that rude cart; before the tomb
was reached she had removed the light
bands from her face and hands and
the white robe which she wore aver
her own fur coat. When the"" signal
came she was ready to step out and go
away in her most ordinary costume;
no, she was not frightened and had
never once thought of not being re
leased; the fear cf this had never come
to her! The only unusual incident had
occurred when she opened the sar
cophagus; a young Quelpartien army
offlcer was hidden behind the curtains,
evidently a secret guard. When she
lifted the glass cover and sat up the
young man fell with a groan through
the curtains upon the floor. Dejneff
had drawn the body aside and left it
there.
Tnea X remember** bow oddly 2>eJ*
eoS had acted and how X fosroJ ho
would tsk no wher* DsJetft* wat—
wfcea ha was fearing that X would
team tnat she cad been 'prostrated at
ttm kaowledfo of her father's Injury.
How we both feared that the other
would mention Dulcine I
It was three days before Colonel
Oranoff could come; but three days*
time was not too long, for Dulcine and
me to put together the mazy story of
those mad hours now past. It seemed
as though the. days were not long
enough, there was no much to tell and
euch happiness in the telling. Dulcine
told ro» of her decision to play the
Queen's part and of her difficulty In
"Batib Mania, Dule&t. wh» taper*
•onatoS Celonsl Oraaoff at if grata
that night, tared too away from yea
oca tint mo a prisoner Into the moun
tain*; who earns back" to free and tats
yoo prisoner tea, In order to compel mo
to e» to the mag and tell the truth.**
X saw X was not surpsrtsies Xhilclc*;
she nad guested tfce vholt truth *t?a
•bt had leanta of tha teposter who
lay tn her fatter** room. ; 0M knew
something ef Metxln and Bis past.
"Tfc» BlfSit yea cams> here. jLdtsH,
w beiisrsd that It was father wfcom
Dejatff bad tcntA la the &tmta; tbo
¦nock el the affair, eentftf at tt* flat
of ytcr nystcriooa ahsesco, ©vcrcam*
m* completely, and S ee«l« not fccre
•em yea."
"No— bet— wfewn— filfl you censo to
ots?"
But now Dulcine -was over me, and
the light In her eyes, as I looked up into
them, told me the secret htr lips trem
blingly withheld. But only fcr a mo
ment
"Robert, you cams to the legation the
other eight." sb* then eaia.
"I thought you wero In that tomb,
Duletnt.** ;¦¦;¦¦¦;¦;•'¦
"Who released you, Dulcine?" I could
not think of any smoother introduction,
and the question came bluntly, crowded
by the host of other questions behind it.
"Father, of course; who else could,
and when did you tell him, Robert'"
Her ' father!' r "Oh, Menin," I cried
out in my beating heart, "you good
mixer of lies and the truth!"
"He forgot the signal, though, Robert,
and rapped twice; but then h« rapped
three times a moment after. He was
v*ry nervous, and the moment Dejneff
came he told him to take me home."
"Dejneff came?" I asked, breathing a
prayer that the- faithful old soldier's
days might be long and happier ones
than these had been.
"Yes; the moment I was out and on
my feet. Father was Just taking me in
his arms. He trembled so I was glad
Dejneff came, for Colonel Oranoff was
In a hurry to catch the morning boat to
Chefu."
"He took you In his arms?" I mur
mured through my teeth. Then I
cursed the man under my breath. But,
oh, how boldly ha had played. What
hellish, hopes were Menin's when he
held in his arms the daughter of Ivan
Oranoff— through whom he was sure of
driving me to the King with my con
fession!
I felt that some one was leaning over
me, for shortly after the hand became
lighter and began moving softly back
and forth. Its tender touch ran deftly
like a woman's from one burning tem
ple to the other. It lingered anxiously
now and then on roy forehead, and
again srew heavy as though its pos
sessor was looking intently over me.
Now it brushed back my hair, which
was wet with perspiration; it held the
damp, hot mass away, and then it
came back to the old -course from one
hot temple to another.
I knew that hand— but I feared I was
dreaming or in a delirium. I opened
my averted eyes, and, braving the
bright sunlight. I looked about the
room. Pak was in a far corner spread-
Ing down a tiger-skin which had been
having an airing; I turned my head
slightly, and there before the flre sat
Dejneff, looking as ever into his great
beard and humming a song softly as
ha studied. Then suddenly he sat up.
and I closed my eyes as he arose and
came over toward the bed.
"Miss Oranoff," he Eaid (and, oh, I
ground my teeth in agony that the
dream should be bo real!) "I believe I'll
ehave."
A cheery laugh arose behind me.
"You could then sing much better, I
am sure," answered Dulcine Oranoff as
sweetly as in real life.
Dejneff grunted, for the men always
taunted the old soldier of his fine "bar
rel-tone" voice; but he called Pak and
went out of the room. <
Dejneff shave! It was too real, too
true — too good to be true! I fell back
and looked the other way. While the
vision lasted I would look upon the one
who laughed and spoke behind me!
And Dulcine Oranoff clasped me in
her arrr.p repeating those brave last
words, "We will never part. Robert"
After a eweet, long silence together I
began to realize my dream was real.
During that time even the crowd of
questions that soon after came to my
lips were Bwallowed up in perfect Joy.
The one great question waa answered;
my great, killing fear was dead! I
sobbed while I kissed her hands, and
at last drew her own wet face to mine
and held it there until the doctor's soft
step at the bedside aroused us. When
he had looked me over and prepared, his
glasses and gone again, his eyes twink
ling all the time, I gave my hungry
questions the right of way.
I fell asleep as the sun began to red
den the windows, and it was not until
the morning of the day following that I
awoke. For a. time I lay still with «ny
eyes achlnsr at this first glimpse they
had of the light- I felt too weak to open
them again, and lor a few moments I
was only conscious of the pain in them.
Then a hand touched my brow!
which It had struggled, and vainly, for
so many hours. It was hard to think
that Dulcine was in that cold torab suf
fering I knew not what; but to think
that 6he was a captive on that boat
well. I could not. for my brain refused
to be urged further, and sank down un
der its load like a spent horse.
he felt outwitted, and the light of fear
that was now unmistakably present
neither looked nor felt natural. His
hands moved nervously; the fingers
twitched.
I went mechanically to the table
where I had thrown the false beard,
and the poor: wretch accommodated me
by raising his head that I might ad
j'just it; on him*.
."Isn't this imposing on an impostor?"
he askedi with something of the old
recklessness in his voice; yet the tone
cjjed away pitifully, before all .the words
were but. One pities the wildest and
fiercest of animals when once brought
f hopelessly to bay. , r : ~'7 : ':
I felt that- Colonel "Oranoff would
move swiftly now -this man was once
In his hands. I could not guess, though
for three hours I thought intently,
what course he cc-uld pursue. But the
one fact that- Menin was now "Colonel
Oranoff" was a thrilling omen of what
was to "come. I remained at the bed,
and it was not until near midnight
that there was any noise in the build
ing save the low rattle of the telegraph
instruments in the telegraph room
- acros3/the hall. ¦ I knew Menin "heard
.these; he. held his head cocked above
¦his pillow, and it was plain he was
studying the . messages through the
thick%all. But he could not read them,
so I let him listen and trouble himself
\vith the code of the Russian secret
service.
. I was not mistaken in Oranoff's mov
ing quickly. It was after midnight
when he returned; and with him came
M. Grouchy and : ; Admiral. Holstrem
and a body of marines who had r accom
panied ; the~ admiral in his fast ride
from Tsi. . ...
j When all were In the room Grouchy
stepped quickly to- the bed, and pro
ducing a dispatch, held it up to the
light and read: •
i Colonel Ivan Oranoff. — For treachery
to your, country k and your Emperor I ex
ile you for life to the Kranstoff m\pes in
Siberia, and God have mercy on\your
traitorous soul.
NICHOLAS II. Emperor.
* Though just as a -decree from
heaven, yet I ached with pity for: the
brave devil caught in the death-maw
of his own trap. He was not defiant
>now. For awhile he seemed unable to
grasp the meaning of it. But when he
did, he only turned on his pillows and
hid his face. * • ;
Before morning he was taken by the
marines arid Cossacks to Tsi, looking
for all the world like Ivan Oranoff. He
had avoided a hundred traps set by
others and fallen heavily ' into one set
by himself. He had no redress; for the
Indian j Menin had ] disappeared . forever
from human sight and knowledge and
recollection in that Quelpartien hut
from which "Colonel Orahoff" emerged!
I went over and found the brandy
and soda and as I drank leisurely I
looked through the room. "What a
pretty picture," I mused, "at Jhe end
of the play!' — Oranoft, two. heavy
armed gendarmes, and the handcuffed
Menin! Though Menin was surely
thinking of Oranoff, his eyes followed
me. What would he have given to have
had. the "fly" once in his hands!
At last Oranoff came swiftly into the
center of the room.
"Martyn, I will give you ,an hour,"
he said, looking at his watch, "to re
store to 'Colonel Oranoff' everything he
wore when he wan brought here. Dress
him as 'Colonel Oranoff' and call him
by that name."
I was dumfounded, and as Dulclne's
father left the room a new light came
into Menin's face. For once, perhaps,
Menin's eyes. were on me as I. spoke,
and the old leer was in them;, now and
then he spoke as to himself. ' I felt—
and it made my blood boll— that , hie
hated me mast because I was young
and ignorant and chosen for, a part
which I graced poorly,. and not be
cause I. had balked him. "But you are
a weak "actor," his eyes continually
said. , . ¦ ; ¦
"As I was at 'the sarcophagus to open
it, this man, dressed as Colonel Oran
off, called me away. • Mad- with fear r at
the words he spoke, I followed < him,"
here Menin laughed and I ground my
teetn, "and in the dark, beyond the
arm.y, I was struck down from behind
and taken into the mountains lashed to
a pony's back. This man . returned,
opened the sarcophagus, and . released
the prisoner, intending to take her cap
tive and hold her until I would go to
the King and tell- him the truth. But
DejnefE came up at. that moment, "".and
he turned her over to him." . %l
Here Oranoff moved for the first time.
With a sigh he turned and threw his
fa'ce into the other hand.
"This man then came to meet me in
the mountains and said he had brought
the prisoner from the sarcophagus to
a yacht which he showed me was an
chored near us, and promised faith
fully to make way with her If I did not
go to the King in the presence I of two
of his men and tell him that the"
Queen's body had been destroyed on
Lynx Island. I escaped - the ' guards;
came to Keinning and found this man
had been attacked by a Quelpartieh
mob while again impersonating you. in
Keinning, and had been » rescued by
Dejneff and brought here as Colonel
Oranoff."
The room • was very still when I
ceased speaking, and It was Menin who
broke the silence.
"The fly caught the spider," he saidj
looking now at pranoff. My nerves
had been put on edge to tell" the story
I had just completed, and the man had
angered me steadily throughout its re
cital. The sting of these words drove
me mad, and with an oath I lunged
forward toward "the bed. The nearest
Cossack blocked the way -and pushed
me b'ack. In a moment I had myself
under control and I begged Oranoff 's
pardon.
Colonel Oranoff had arisen and was
standing now at the mantel, his fingers
in his hair, his eyes upon trie coals in
the grate beneath. I knew he . was
coming to some definite conclusion 'with
regard to Menin. How would he deal;
I wondered, with the man who had fol
lowed him closely half around the
world?
cidept which gave .us our first warning,
then 'of the destruction of the temple.
Oranoff sat down and listened with his
head in his hand. ;
"I reached Keinning: too late," I went
on, holding myself sternly to the bitter
truth, "to tell the King that the Queen
had been destroyed, and I found a
woman who: would play the Queen's
part. I promised to release her from
the sarcophagus in the temple of the
tomb."
We met Colonel Oranoft at Chefu,
and Admiral Holstrem's private launch
took us merrily over the eighty blue
miles to Port Arthur— the prize we had
won!
That afternoon we were on deck
when Colonel Oranoff suddenly pointed
to the blue vaves with a significant
gesture. •
"Blue water," he said, "how much
that means to us!"
"How, Colonel Oranoff?" I arked.
Then he drew from his pocket the
large card upon one side of which was
written the menu of the luncheon to
which we had done ample justice. He
turned it over, and on the reverse side
was a map of the Yellow Sea. He
turned this cornerwise - and folded it,
striking the crease across from Shang
hai to Tsi (Chemulpo). Then he held
this up before us all and pointed to the
outline of the Yellow Sea.
It was the very image of a camel!
The head was the Gulf of Liaotung;
the neck the Straits of Pechlll, the
back and breast the body of the Yel
low Sea. ,
"You see the camel's head?"' he asked
quietly.
It was exceedingly plain.
"The great rivers of China and
Korea" (Quelr-irte), he went on,
"empty into the Yellow Sea the sands
which give it its color. We are now
running Into the blue waters of the
Straits of Pechili — and here at the
camel's gullet stands Port Arthur, the
Gibraltar of the Yellow Sea over
which to-day the flag with the Em
peror's eagles was flung at sun
rise. Japan's exceptions to our
lease of this port were removed upon
our promise to throw down the protec
torate established lately over Quel
parte. Russia now Is on the Pacific"
here the voice strengthened, "at an ice
free port; at the camel's gullet she will
hold by the throat all the commerce
was rough, but I pushed the horses on;
and when noon came we ate our lunch
on the summit of one of the gigantic
boulders that stood beside the path.
Then I gave Pak explicit directions,
and we watched him go away up the
mountain; by midnight he had returned
to Keinning, bringing Nsase with him,
and leaving a goodly reward with the
old woman who had taught the girl
that dance that saved my life. Nsase
could not express her delight at being
brought to us, and Dulcine has found
in her a serving maid as faithful as
she is interesting. _ , .-'-:
On the day following I took M.
Grouchy to the house of Kim Ling; the
lad had slept almost continuously since
the night I had forced him ttr say that
the Queen was yet alive. He happened
to be waking as we came, and when I
knelt down beside him ne smiled fee
bly. I had had Pak take the doctor to
him at the first moment I had been
able to' order it; as I knelt, Kim
reached and took my hand. M.
Grouchy arranged at once with Kim's
mother to have him come to the Rus
sian Legation when he had recovered,
where a quiet but lucrative position
would be made for him. Another
watches now, in Kim's stead, that
golden sarcophagus in the mausoleum
— one whose hair. I trust, will never
turn as white as poor Kim's did, one
who will never see the Queen's soul
rampant again in those cold corridors
as have the tongueless men in black,
who not. at all envy him his appoint
ment!
Dejneff had kept his word and wore
his long "shave" no more. . I. cannot
say— for lam learning now to tell the
truth once more — that it has improved
his voice, but I can say that Tt has im
proved his appearance. I thought of
this on our Journey to Tsi that bright
day when we bade good-by to old Kein
ning. In a fresh uniform and on a
spirited horse, a six months' leave of
absence in his pocket, he looked the
brave young cavalier Dulcine affirmed.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY : CALL'..
knowing about as much
About Indian warfare as he did of the
halls of Congress, It was usual to "put
him through." • He was sent out on a
ecout In charge of a dozen or a score
of men. At a proper time and place
an alarm' would be given, and then
It wat for the tenderfoot lieutenant to
show his strategy and nerve. As >i
rule, he came back with flying colon*
and' felt himself a her* until the Joke
was whispered in hit ear.
When young Warner reported him
stlf at Fort Emtth there had been
a treaty of peace with the Indians for
a year, and so far as known, not a
BOitllt had b ten within twtnty miles
of tht pott for months. On a certain
wlnter'a day ho marched out at the
head cf a score of men to undergo
his trial* There 0. was winking :' and
walling among the men,- and nodding
and gmlllnff amonf the officers. Coy
otes and jMkttbblto • woold bo started
tip . and hwUed j along*' but as for j In
diaas, not a moccasin track would bo
not with la the day's tramp. Thp
jroQBf offlcer was coached, advised and
fBitructsfl, and ho went forth pre
pare! to win his spurs and a record.
He- had ' been with Company G only
a month, ' but the men had taken a
great liking- to him and hoped that
He .would prove a cool hand. When
the little force had covered a- distance
of ten "miles, and was ready to swing
to the east through the sagebrush' and
the boulders, Serjeant -Whlttaker slyly
whispered «to* Corporal O'Flanigan:
"Hist now, Mike, but pass the word
to the men not to fall ever the boy
when the alarm Is. given. He's the
youngest chicken we ever put through
at this p*st, and he must, have a fair
(Copyright, 1904. by K. A. Whitehead.)
WHEN a fresh-faced boy grad
uate from West Point ar
rived at a Western post,
chance. He thinks It's real business,
•with tomahawks and scalping knives
thrown In, and I wouldn't like to see
him get rattled: Over yan by the big
rock Is where the circus is to open."
The circus, opened bjr shouts from
three or four of the men — by a mo
ment, of confusion — by a leap 'to cover,
and the opening of a rapid fire on. a
supposed- enemy. It was a sudderi
thing, and f-t was yo real that the
young ficulenant lost his nerve for the
moment and ordered a retreat and
broke back for twenty yards. It was
over in five minutes, and -the sergeant
reported that the enemy was in flight,
but that flvo minutes. had been fatal
to the boy. He realized It even before
the sergeant looked at him In a pity
ing, reproachful way, and before he
had ieen the men smiling nt each
other. . He had come out to win his
spur*, and .was to go back to b»
branded as a coward. That meant
social ostracism—outlawry— dishonor.
. The boy iat down on a rock and
rested his. chin on his hands and kept
his eyes on the ground while the ser
geant waited. ¦'; and sympathized. By
and by he covered his face . vr I th „ his
handi and wept»|v>/.- ; >; ; --V. : ?.\ : - ; .^ : ;r*^i;-;s
• "It eame'upon you too; loon, U*n>
tenant." consoling ly whispered tht old
¦ergearitv.;.;" '"' X ; •"• - ¦ \ '¦-¦¦¦ "'•:.¦'¦¦•. '¦';} ':
"But that's no excuse," replied the
boy. "I was . rattled -and ¦¦ confused
when " : I should I have : bocn cool . and
clear-headed. It's i my dtatti-blow;
They' will never overlook iU It means
that I must send inmy resignation/the
hour we get back." • .
"Bu£ we'll all go easy, on "you, and
I'll swear the men to secrecy."
'¦'But I'm disgraced in my own eyes,
sergeant. I'm a~ coward. T'jn not fit
to - -carry a musket, let alone wearing
p. sword. I— I thought I had courage
and nerve— I— I thought- — — " ¦".
"Just a minute, sir— the men , are
calling," Interrupted ; the -sergeant as
he started off.
One of the men. In scouting about
a little, had discovered the trail • of a
officer's face as he picked up his cap
and ordered' the men to take cover
behind trees and boulders, and the
smile on the sergeant's fate was grim
as he added:
4qpHERE are few writers who can
I produce a cood novel of the cora-
I monplace, a novel wherein unusual
'* incident or characteristic atmos
phere is not Invoked to prop' up
the Interest of the plot But Mar>
gery Williams is one who has the
power to clothe the everyday with
a cloak of vivid interest and body
forth from the simple, even the
sordid aspects of • life, a story
powerful and compelling. Her last
story, "The Price of Youth." is al
most alto'gether lacking in movement
and absolutely devoid of sensation,
yet it has a strength nearly akin to
the strength of the naturalists of
Zola's school, for it finds significance
where anything but significance would
be e'xpected. .
• Fan Tasker, the girl about whom
the" story is wound, could be called
"Fantastic" without Intentional pun
ning, for hers is a character at sixes
and sevens with everything and every
body around, her and. she plays 'the
veritable bull " in" a china ' shop with
every one of the narrow conventions
of her. social community, seemingly.
# OW that Mr. "Crockett, the ver
lyi satlle, the untiring, has hied him
IV name to auld Gajloway after his
*: many '. recent Journeylngs afield
for his story Bettings and given us
another of those . tales of the heather
smell and the; scone smack, all . good
devotees of the true Scottish burir^nay
rejoice, for their Idol has come^once
more to his • own." "Strong Mac,"
Crockett's last novel, is after the man
ner of his earlier and most charming
works. It has the same sturdiness of
action arid surety. .of hanflllng that
characterize all the other Galloway
stories, " with, perhaps, more* of the
delicacy of drawing and the
rare 'touch on the humorous than the
earlier tales' possess. , indeed, it may
b'e ventured that if Crockett had .used
a more l slender i thread • of plot than \ he
does in this 5 "Strong Mac," the many
evenings' in the* school-poom with the
unfortunate Dominie Gracie and * his
daughter,' and ¦ the • random glimpses
into .the'.hotrie'rof fthe. stern old Laird
o* Mulr would have been full meat 'for
the reader.' For, 1 ; after' alU' a plot~even
such a 5 " one' as , Crockett ¦ draws ' in v i this
book— is : not altogether , new, {but the
people i whom a writer such,' as he ncan
Price of Youth
Is a Heavy One
JV I£ Crockett's
New Scots' Tale
p. CONTRIBUTION to timelv eco
rJ nomic literature that has, be
t ¦ sides the merit of authority, a
scope almost cyclopedic, is John
Moody's "The Truth About {he
Trusts." No such comprehensive view
of this all-important factor In latter
day problems of economics has yet
been written. In a volume of 500 pages
the well-known authority on trade
ethics and statistics has told all that
there is tellable about the great cor
porate interests that have suddenly
sprung Into complete control of every'
channel of production open to the com
mon mart. . Not only has he reviewed
the history of the trust and monopoly
movement and advanced his theories
concerning the economic significance of
this evolution against ancient systems
of free competition, but Moody, has
given his book the value of standard
reference by Incorporating therein sta
tistical data . concerning the . internal
economy of 445 active trusts, represent
ed by a total capitalization of $20,379,
162,551. Seven of the greater industrial
trusts he describes In detail, giving at
length their histories and. a general
view of their present, position in. the
world of finance. To more than eighty
of the secondary corporate activities-he
extends briefer; notice. Parts IV and
V of his book contain i a complete re
sume of theorise, of the public « utility
franchise trusts and the great railway
groups. The last section of the volume
has - to repount the dominating, influ
ences of the trusts, .their characteris
tics and the legislative remedies - that
have been applied* with; more or leas
success to mitigate the. evils -believed
to have their rise in * the ' trust propa
ganda.
Before endeavoring _H give a review—
THE GRAFTERS— Francis Lynde;
The Bobbs-MerrUI Company, Indian
apolis; illustrated; price $1 50.
MOSES BROWN. CAPTAIN, U. S.
N.— Edgar Stanton Maclay; the Bftksr
& Taylor Company, New York; Illus
trated: price $1 23.
THE CURSE OP CASTE— N. J. Le
Cato; J. S. Ogilvie Publishing Com
pany, New York; price 60 cents (pa
per).
WILLIAM BUTLER YEATS AND
THE IRISH LITERARY REVIVAL—
Horatio Sheafe Kraua; McClure, Phil
lips & Co., New York.
BIRD CENTER CAP.TOONS— John
T. McCutcheon; A. C. McClurg & Co.;
Chicago.
JAPAN, THE PLACB AND THE
PEOPLE— G. Waldo Browne: Dana.
Estes & Co., Boston; illustrated; price
J2 50. .
GOD'S LIVING MIRACLES— Arthur
T. Pierson; the Baker & Taylor Com
pany-, New York; price SI.
GOLF FOR WOMEN— Genevleve
Hecker; the Baker & Taylor Company,
New York; illustrated; price $1
SOCIAL DISEASE ANI> MARi
RIAGE — Prince A. Morrow. M. I>.; Lea
Brothers & Co.. New York.
SELF-CURE OF CONSUMPTION—
Charles H. Stanley Davis; E. B. Treat
& Co., New York; price 75c
NOYES GENEALOGY — Henry E.
Nbyes and Henrietta E. Noyes; pub
lished privately; price $3.
B1BLIOTECA FILJPINA — T. H.
Pardo de Tavera; published under di
rection of the Library of Congress,
Washington. D. C.
REPORT OF THE LIBRARIAN OP
CONGRESS for fiscal year ending June
30, "1903; Government Printing Office,
Washington, D. C.
NEW CENTURY HISTORY OF THE
UNITED STATES— Edward Eggleston; .
the American Book Company, New
York; ilustrated; price H.
SPELLING BY GRADES, words from
Baldwin's Reader; the American Book
Company, New York; price 20 cents.
CARPENTER'S GEOGRAPHICAL
READER— AUSTRALIA. Frank G.
Carpenter; the American Book Com
pany, New York; illustrated; price 60
cents.
STEPS IN ENGLISH, by John Mor
row, A. C. McLean and T- C. Blaisdell;
the American Book Company. New
York; price— Book I 40 cents, Book II
6<* cents. ,
FOOTBALL-POKER, published by
ReiUy & Brltton Company, Chicago;,
price 50 cents. . ¦ BEjflj
BY the Good Salnte Anne," Anna
ChapJn Ray's latest story, is
, a charming novel for the sum
mer girl who is Intent on
whiling a'way pleasant hours In a cozy
hammock. It begins with enough
brightness and sparkle to attract and
hold immediate attention and to regard
an Interruption In the light of an un
warranted intrusion. Petulant Nancy
Howard is a vivacious, fun-loving
Amerloftn girl, who arrived In Salnte
Anne de Beaupre just in time to wit
ness a sacred pilgrimage, and In the
spirit of absolute boredom she promised
50 cents to the good saint if she would
perform a miracle, so that a lltile* va
riety might be ad.ded to her quiet ex
istence. For Nancy, be It known, had'
accompanied her father to Canada in
search of historical records. Now, it so
chanced that Cecil ' Barth, a young
Englishman just -arrived in Canada,
saw the pilgrimage advertised, • and
more for the reason that time was
hanging heavily upqn his hands than
anything else went the way of the
pious worshipers. In the dense crowd
he dropped his glasses, and in endeav
oring to recover them lost his balance
and rolled down the steps into the
street, landing: at the feet of the ex
pectant Nancy. The saint. In a propi
tious mood, had answered her prayer
in a most unexpected manner. Barth
spoke but Paris French and Nancy
none at all, so the two might as well
have been on a desert island so far as
making the crowd understand was con
cerned.
Finally, in sheer desperation, she had
Barth, sprained ankle and all, carried
to her father, who was a doctor of note,
and then followed a series of compli
cations. An epidemic In . Quebec made
it impossible to secure the services of
a nurse, and warm-hearted Nancy vol
unteered to take the place of one and
help her father out of an emergency.
One amusing incident followed quickly
upon the heels of another, driving first
the nurse and then the patient to the
verge of dlstraqtlon. Meeting again in
Quebec in a social way, Barth failed to
recognize Miss Howard, much to her
indignation, for she' did not' realize that
he was too near-sighted to see beyond
¦ his own -nose without his precious
glasses. However, two months of per
sistent I-will-have-you-whether-or-no
decided Ntfncy 4 that the best r way to
get rid of Bajth would-be:, to annex
him, and whe*n he asked her. if she
could find it in her heart to care for
him . answered . him with ' his fown char
acteristic* reply, "Ob,~ rather!" *
. (Little) " Brown & Co., Boston; price
Books Received.
unfortunately restricted by • the exi
gencies of 6pace~-of Mqody's book in
the order of its arrangement, it is not
without profit tt> note'flrst tl;e attitude
tf the author himself toward this new
and. strange creature of finance. In
his Introduction and in the closing
chapter Moody, hesitates not to declare
the trust system to be in the main a
great benefit to. trade and a strong
spur to greatly increased production in
every line of activity. Instead of being
a freak growth upon the accepted
ethics of- trade, Moody declares that
"the modern trust is the natural out
come- or evolution of sbcietary condi
tions and ethical standards which are
recognized and established among men
to-day as being necessary elements in
the development of civilization." Again
he pays, "The natural law which engen
ders monopoly is fundamental * • •
for man, in seeking Xo accomplish his
purposes quickly, simply and cheaply,
has ever been alert to the possibilities
of economy in method through the^
seeking of 'short cuts." ¦ • • • By
combining together and • acquiring,
either as a result oT this ]oint effort
or otherwise,- a ajteciul privilege or
'monopoly.' men found that they could
accomplish the same errds far more
cheaply aHd satisfactorily than in the
c-ld way, and do so without the- same
exposure tp what was 'frequently ex
pensive and costly in the field of coni
petiUon." . Onye again, Moody has this
to -say:' "Monopoly value is one of the
chief essentials to business success un
de"r modern social customs, and with
out it Industjia-l society of. the present
day. could not be conducted as it is."
The "writer Is, then, of Wall street.
Believing that 'the destruction of com
petition by the elevation- of the trust
system is nothing but the natural
"short cut" to Increased activity in
production,' Moody avers that the hin
dering of the concentration of trade re
sources In the. hands of the few makes
for an unhealthy socialism in the" eco
nomic atmosphere, in that it is the as
sumption by the State of the right to
control private initiative. "For when
we realize what monopoly is,. its depth
and width and general importance in
modern Industrial and commercial life,
we can readily gee that any kind of
leei»latlon aiming to abolish or mate-.
rially retrench monopoly would have to
be : far- reaching and radical in its ef
fects and would constitute a practical
revolution in the bases of modern soci
ety." This is the laissez falre of the old
physiocrats with a vengeance.
With such assertions concerning
abortive; restrictions -of. monopoly :
Moody must needs fortify- him
self with, a very broad defi
nition of that term. "When . men form
corporate ¦ organizations," says Moody,
"they do ; not form monopolies. They -
may take advantage of monopoly In one
wa*- or another, but they do not create
it: The monopoly Itself is rather a so
cial product, which exists with the con- •
sent of society, and' men' in :
take advantage of it where 'found, Just
as they take, advantage of ifanyi other '
factors *• for the purpose of achieving ;
.their ends. • • * In the ; absorption
of a source' of supply is the 'securing of )
a: monopoly. . Society,;; recognizes i the : ;
rlght;6f man to this exclusion aridjthis }
is the only reason why It exists." •' ¦ The -
author goes on to; develop this • state
ment by defining patents and tariffs as '
for the pure fun of the playing. .It is
the author's task' to analyze the re
markably contradictory character of
this high spirited girl, to ' trace the
clash between her sordid and degrad
ing surroundings and- her inherently
pure and exalted spirit. It is a study
in. the power of heredity* and environ
ment upon the molding of character,
very convincing.
Fan Is far from being a lovable
.character. Her- assumption : of the
bravado in tie matter of what the
gossips are led to believe Is sometimes
a bit forced, her contrariness has car
ried her into a pseudo cynicism and
an ungraceful, irreligious frame of
mind, -which is preculiarly grating.
Despite all her mental anguish at the
inevitable visitation of nemesis upon
her the reader gives of his sympathy
grudgingly. Mrs. Sales, she of the
lavender perfume and the whisky
punch, is drawn with as fine a lead as
Fan. The young newspaper man, who
is temporarily infatuated with Fan, is
scarce!*' mare robust 'of soul th'an he
•is of body; his is not a- wholesome per
sonality. All of the characters, Jn
fact, are unlovely a'nd the book is of
a dun-colored tone, albeit ppwerful.
This is too. often the price paid to
realism. Beauty and idealism cannpt
be painted. into a photographic study
of life such'as is "The Price uf Youth."
(The. Macmillan . "Company, New
York;. price $1 50.)
Exhaustive Work \
Upon the Trusts
governmentally conferred or artificial
monopolies and rights of way of trans
portation companies coal and iron sites,
etc., as socially r;eated or natural mo
nopolies. Monopoly . is then, according
to Moody, an extant condition utilized,
but not calied into being, by the cor
porate organization. Hte view is not
sufficiently. elucidated to-be convincing.
•The author.'s chapters ' upon the
greater industrial trusts,, comprising
part 1 of the . volume, are, from the
nature of the subject, free from the
injection of his own theories and con
stitute the. most valuable dower of
the work. With the combinations of
corporations that have the common
surname— Trust — and are designated
by the generic denominations "cop
per," "sugar," "tobacco," "shipping,"
"Standard oil," "steel" .and "the
smelters'," the author deals in such
minute detail as to put anything but a
very general remark concerning this
part of the book beyond the province"
of this review. In the cas* of each'
trust there is given, first: the history
of its inception; then a review of its
financial growth with complete tables
of dividends declared, stocks floated
and corporations amalgamated with
it; an analysis of Its growth, influeh.ee
and methods of business closes the
discussion. In each instance there Is
appended to the text such complete
tables of statistics and charts and dia
grams so carefully prepared that the
worth .of this review for ready" ref
erence is raised to a maximum. The
chapter devoted to the steel trust and
a subsequent discussion of- the ship
building trust, both comprehensive
pamphlets in themselves, have' an
especial timeliness anent the re'eent
scandals involving those two organiza
tions. In the matter of profit-sharing
instituted in several mills controlled
by the steel trust, Moody takes- oc
casion to declare that such an'experi-s
ntent is "ill-digested and unsound, in
principle *and has acted as an injury
instead of a benefit."
The consideration of the great rail
road groups again . brings out, the
author's theories of freedom of action.
The "communities of interest" or rail
road rings control nearly 95' per cent
of the vital railroad mileage in the
country — a perfectly normal result of
a 'normal* tendency, according to
Moody. "Every attempt, 'legnl or
otherwise, made with a view to cur
tailing or eliminating this element of
monopoly in railroads is a sheer waste
of effort and of capital and tends to
do more harm than good to both the
companies themselves and the public
who make use of them." In the light
of this statement *Mr. Moody must take
exception to the recent ruling of the
United States Supreme Court in the.
matter of the Northern ( Securities
merger.
-Viewed in its entirety, "The Truth'
About the Trusts," even though frankly
partisan in the spirit of its deductions,
must from Its exhaustive compendium
of statistics and its outlay, of facts be
considered nearer the whole truth on
that aggravated crux in present day
economics than any work yet pro
duced.
(Moody Publishing Company/ New
York; price $5.)
Verhoyansk, the next settlement to
be reached* and the last picket of-civ
ilization that looks out to the mystery
of the wilderness beyond, affords th<?
author a chapter upon the unthinkable
'terror of Russian penal servitude in
such, a place as this. Owing to his re
. ply made some years ago to Mr. Georg'e
Kennan'^ • exploitation of the Czar's
treatment "of political prisoners, th.e
auth'or had felt up to this point that
he must see only the goad in the sys
tem,; but" the terrible condition of af
fairs -he discovered at Verhoyansk
shook even the optimism of De Windt
•and he reveals in this chapter upon the
northernmost of Ruj-da's penal colo
nies horrors which must wither the
stoniest heart. In this place as in
Sredni-Kolymsk, a second prison town,
which De Windt visited later, there are
.needed no guards nor fetters to keep
the convicts .under duress; the snow
In winter and the swamps in the warm
er weather are guards enough. The
unfortunate "politicals" are allowe.1
only enough of the bare necessities of
life to keep body and soul one, their
quarters are open to the elements and
filthy with long continued usage. What
is far worse, though, Is that the hap
less wretches have nothing to do, are
not allowed to indulge in manual labor
to "any considerable extent, and are
'consequently left a prey to their own
fretful, minds and the awful monotony
of the white snow ur gray sedge. In
sanity sometimes comes to them in less
thah a year and the insane are al
lowed, to live side by side with the
sane— a .dreary 'bedlam worse than
death. All these prisoners, the normal
and* the maniacs, are under the rule of
one man, who, be he a. despot, may
make his whims a'nd huffs felt .by each
of "the unfortunates. "An Arctic In
ferno" De WIridt well styles such a
place as this. . .
From-Sredni-Kolymsk the party, un
der the guidance of a treacherous na
tive, struck -out boldly into the no
man's land along {he Arctic Sea. The
narrative from this point is one of in
tense interest. Loss of food brought
privation; the death of sledge dogs de
layed their progress painfully; the fury
of the north storms and the treachery
of the ice threatened them all with
sudden death more than once. After
great suffering the four Europeans and
their native helpers arrived' ' at a
Tchuktchis 'village on the east side of
Bering Straits and there awaited the
arrival of the United States revenue
cutter Thetis, which conveyed- them
across to the 'Alaskan shore. The re
mainder of the journoy, up the Yukon
River to Dawfdn and over the White
Pass Railroad, thence down the coast
to. Seattle' jand on to San Francisco and
"New Y<jrk, was made without accident.
Aft^r.all, the 'bEfensiblp object of
De WIndt's trip was as far from* fulfill
ment at the end as at it£ inception, for
what can a journalist ' and explorer
judge of railroad problems? .We -says
a railroad might be laid, but not over
the route he traveled. That is neither
here nor there, 'however; an engineer
will have to be the Judge of that ques
tion. But what De Windt really set out
to do he has done: to make a record
of exploration that is of fascinating in
terest when put into a book.
(F. Warne & Co.. New York; illus
trated by photographs; price $3.)
bring - to ""•life are ever new and de
lightful acquaintances..
The author's story centers about the
heads of Roy McCulloch (Strong
"Mac), the s'on of an old poachet of
Iron re-solve, and • Adora ' Gracie,
daughter of the village school-master.
From the minute, that Strong { Mae
has to come to the rescue of Adora,
her father having been shamed befo're
the whole school, and helps her to
keep order on the great day of the
plowing ' match, that healthy young
hero acts a # s the. champion of the girl
and defends both "her and her father
against the ill-doing of Sandy Ewan.
In loving her Strong Mac fln<Js that
he is not the only swain who sighs
under* that bough and that the path
of true love is none the less prickly
In Galloway than, it might be else
where. A charge of sheep* stealing
brought against Strong Mac by his
unsavory rival starts the trouble and
an arrest upon the suspicion of mur
der makes things, look .very black for
the young 'laird o* Mulf. But it is at
this juncture that the .brave-hearted
Adora shows her mettle and comes to
the succor of her champion at the
critical moment. Strong Mac then
finds the .way to make for her and
her disgraced father a home" Where
love is. \
* Dominie Gracie, the reed that . is
bent by the weight of the black bot
tle. Is one of the most pitiable.char
acters that Crockett has evolved. The
sad struggle waged within him by the
will to do and the very weakness of
that will is finely drawn. On the
other hand the fiery old patriarch of
a poacher". Strong Mac's father, with
a ready tongue for the Bible text and
a ready 'finger to the trigger, though
slightly- sketched, is one of- the "sinews
of the-.story. Old Aline of the -ever
present tea caddy. -honest old Aline, is
sweetness itself. These characters
grouped about the hero and heroine —
a bit- conventional both— bring much
of the charm to a very exceptional
story. "/*'.'•
(Dodd,- Mead & 'Co., New York;
illustrated;, price $1 50.)
Sweet Benison
of Good St. Jinne
Halting Attempt
to Malign Russia
£{ PRUSSIA at the Bar of the Amei- r
\*J ican People," by Dr. Isidore
1 I Singer, hsjt recently been ia-.
V sued by a prominent New York
publishing house as a memo
rial of tbe massacre of the Jews at
Kishinef. Russia, in Easter week.
1903. It contains an outlined de
scription of the massacre and a large
collection of opinions of prominent
Russian writers and speakers on dif
ferent phases of the Jewish question.
The object of the book la to enlist
sympathy and charitable assistance
for the Jews. Although this -work
contains a large number of Interesting
facts regarding many questions per
taining to the Russian and Interna
tional Jewish questions of the day,
the writer is able to make out only a
feeble case for the Russian Jew. •
Singer's strong pro-Jewish bias Is
evident, even in his preface, and it at
once arouses suspicion as to the ac
curacy of his statements. This sus
picion increases considerably -while
noticing his strong " laliorinff after
dramatic effects In the first chapter,
wherein he describes the massacre.
How systematically" and willfully the
Russian Government and people are
maligned is clearly lsarned by perus
ing the extracts in Chapter V from
the splendid speeches and writings of/
prominent Russians, when on various*
occasions they have been called upon
to refer to- instances of Jew-baiting
in the districts of Kherson and
Odessa. The speeches of the priests.
Jelenewski, Podgorski and Demetrius-,
in particular, plainly show . that the
educated classes in Russia are as hu
mane and tolerant as Americans, and ,
that no one more sincerely deplored I
the riotous excesses of the drunken
rabble who attained notoriety by
their Jew-baiting tragedies. Singer's
book shows how easily the misdeed3
of a small band of frenzied criminals
can, under suitable circumstances*, tar
nish a great nation's fair name.
(Funk •& Wagnalls Company, New
York; price- $1 50.)
Ji. Lively Record
4. • ; of Exploration
-^" NE of that fearless and wuixouc
f A sort of men who. se'em bitten.
II by the desire to achieve 'the fxn-
'possible wherever that quality
% presents itself is • Harry de*
Wlndt, journalist aad explorer, whose
record of daring adventure, * 4 From
Paris to • New York bs • Land,*'
has recently been * publisHed. Like
.Nansen, Sven Hedin, Stanley and all
th* rgtst cf that daring ilk, .D*e Windfs
chief joy in li'fe lies in proving that
nothing' In the exploration business is
Impossible for the man with a pur
pose firmly fixed. If that purpose be
to well-nigh girdle the earth with only
forty odd miles of water crossed,
volla — it Is done, and the material. for
a lively book is not the least important
by-product of the feat accomplished.
The seasoned globe-trotter, who had
already gone overland from Peking to
Paris, who had exploited India 'down
to its innermost recesses and knew Si
beria better than many of the Czar's
Governors, needed very little excuse to
start; him oft* on this, the most am
bitious and most hazardous of any of
his fijttlngs. The somewhat "yellow"
newspaper agitation of a few years
ago about the feasibility of a great
¦world railroad, connecting Europe
with America, via Siberia, permitted
De Windt to offer himself to the man
agers of three newspapers in London,
Paris and New York as the pioneer
for this project who should go over
the route proposed and report upon its
practicability or otherwise. So upon
this rather chauvinistic basis of jour
nalistic enterprise De Windt left Paris
on December 19, 1901, to essay a feat
never yet undertaken — that of keep
ing foot to land all the way from
Paris to New Tork, with the excep
tion of the jump across Bering Straits.
That he did It in less than a year Is
a matter of record, but how he did it,
as elucidated in this intensely interests
ing work of his, is a question of much
more significance.
Odd as It may appear to the reader
at first thought, De Windt's choice of
the dead winter for crossing the bleak
eteppes cf Northeastern Siberia was,
es he has cause to demonstrate in- the
course of his narrative, the only feas
ible measure. The whole of Siberia
within the frozen circle is in summer
time an impassable morass of river
OTerflow, lowland and swamp, that
renders communication even with
tome of the Siberian outposts on the
Upper Lena absolutely impossible; but
In th* dark winter months, when all
the bleak land about the Arctic is
frozen harder than adamant, sleds
carry over thesa hidden bogs with
safety fir. 4 swiftness. So it was that
De Windt and his companions left
Moscow for the long journey on the
Trans-Siberian Railroad- to Irkutsk at
Chrtstmastide. Not quite 4000 Eng
lish miles were covered on this road,'
which the author cannot recommend
ea a very engaging route for a vaca
tion party. So .monotonous .became
the thud-thud of the wheels, day In
and day out, that De Windt's party
took no reckoning of night or day and
actually made their luncheon at
breakfast time.
At Irkutsk, "the Paris of Sib'erla."
the party endured a wearisome delay,
made even more depressing by hotel
accommodations that were "inferior to
those cf a fifth-rate gargotte," and
then they embarked in Yakute sleighs
upon the great Lena postroad leading
away up to the north, where lay the
final outposts of civilization and the
wilderness of snow beyond. Before
privations began to pinch, and while
their only Inconveniences were those
offered by squalid posthouses, the De
"VVindt party were privileged to enjoy
all the beauties of a Siberian winter.
The author breaks his account, of
versts covered and horses changed
with some very vivid pictures of the
unbroken drifts stretching league upon
Kague, the kirmess trimmings given to
the trees by the network of frost and
the glory of the open heavens at night.
Not the least interesting fact that this
stage of the Journey developed wa3
that the time-honored Russian wolf,
banded In ravaging packs to the utter
terror of the moujik. is, despite the
thrilling picture we have all., seen, a
myth of the past.
Yakutsk, the . terminal of the post
road, De Windt pictures as the most
dismal habitation of man. "Even Si
berians call this the end of the world.
The very name of the .place suggests
gloom and mystery, for the news that
niters through here at long Intervals
into civilization is generally associated
with tragedy or disaster." Cut on! as
this city Is from the rest of the world,
mewed in for half the year by the
ccean of snow and made a torture spot
during the remaining, months by dust
and insect Hfe. De Windt does .not
.wonder that the drab life therein makes
a society In comparison with which
Kipling's Simla people are saints and
cherubim. The author's sketch of this
place of dole is grim in its suggestion.
THE SAN . FRANCISCO - SUNDAY CALIl
A CHAT ABOUT NEW BOOKS
5T5he Religious Parasite
WE had a little talk the other
day about "grafters of vari
ous kinds, " and held up to
condemnation , persons . who
utilize . their connection with corpora
tions or -i their positions In -the city or
national government * for . selfish ends.
And we widened our thought of graft
ing to Include every one who diverges
from the pathrof strict honesty in cer
tain apparently: trivial matters. It is
an easy, step -from the line, of thought
to a consideration of the religious par
asite. He is' not so bad as a grafter, to
be sure, but either consciously or uncon
sciously he is. taking sustenance, out of
an Institution without making any ad
equate return.- This makes him a par
asite, * "an • animal," as the dictionary
puts It, ."that, lives' during the whole or
part of its existence on some other an
imal." . , V
;We flnd.hlm.withln the. ranks ofthe
church. "He is typified by the man who
said: "I thank God that religion is
free. .. I • nave, been a • Chris t ion forty
years and • It • hasn't cost me ; a cent."
Such a. parasite -attends the. services
regularly, enjoys, the music, profits by
the "preaching, .' enters .into pleasant "so
cial relationships, but .when -the con
trrbution box comes' around he searches
his pocket for his .smallest co'in, or
possibly, for a' button.! He seems to
think that the respbns'ibili.ty for keep
ing the church. edifice open and warm
and well lighted, the minister and the
sexton .' pafd "rests "^entirely ;' upon the
"leading "men."— theT deacons, - wardens
or elders— in fact, , upon' any one^ except
himself. . V flBP8HQ|| ¦ .
But* we find the religious, parasite
outside the church also. He is" not so
much of "a', hypocrite '.as his comrade
within the church, but :he is Just as
much of a parasite. He virtually, says:
"Oh,^; well,' religion Is good enough for
"old "women! "and "children" 'arid '.people
who care for It:. the church is all right
for those who* believe in It. but X can
get just as much good by staying homa
and reading the papers, or by walk
ing in the open air, or by loafing at
the club, or by calling on my friends.**
And yet even a smattering of histor
ical knowledge or a few moments* care
ful reflection on the world as It Is to
day mish t teach this same maa that
he Is a direct beneficiary ot tho Insti
tutions of religion. .
The parasite should not forret that
into these institutions have gon» tha
treasure, the devotion, tn© -very llf»
blood of tha best men and womea
throughout the centuries.
Think of the patient, laborious effort
put forth day after day, year after year,
century after century^ in building th«
cathedrals of Europe. Think of tha
architectural and artistic talent de
voted to their adornment. Think of the
good men and true whom we have
known in remote towns and villages of
this land, who, in storm and sunshine
have harnessed the old horse and driven
weekly over miles of rough roads to
the "meeting house." because they be
lieved with all their hearts in keeping
up the institutions of religion. •
Now, is it fair to ignore* all this la
bor and sacrifice, to forget that we live
in a land which philosophers and his
torians tell us has attained Its present
greatness iargely because of the spirit
of faith which dwelt first In the found
ers of the nation, and whinh. led their
descendants, as they traveled west
ward and .ever westward, to plant the
church and the school close together, as
the basal Institutions of each new com
munity? How mean and unworthy
against such a' historic background
shows up the religious parasitism of to
day, whether in the church or out of it.
Away with this torpid, indifferent atti
tude. If religious institutions benefit
us. either directly or Indirectly, let us
riot filch their life away. Let us gtva
something back.— Th« Parson.
to examine and analyze spme oEJect
he held in his hand. He bit it— then
swore, monkey— fashion. -It was hard.
I reached out and grasped a long, nar
row black tape which hung to the Cor
poral's prize. With a crisp bark he
dropped it,, turned once, to me, then,
shot upward and' outward into the
black shadows of the tropical foliage.
He was gone.
I examined ¦ the thing I held In my
hand. It was a black waterproof cloth
hat band. Attached to It was a three
cornered piece-, of brass, with cloth
trimmings like a rosette. It looked fa-'
miliar. . I had seen, something similar
before. I tried to remember. Then I
knew. / ; . * •-
It took me less than two minutes to
reach the major's quarters, and In an
other I had him up and he was looking
at what the Corporal had given me. On
the black band, in big yellow letters, we
read: "Brigada de Tino."
It is a fine sight to see men respond
to a sudden call to arms at night. I
saw It ten minutes . after . I , had called
the major. The two companies .were
lined 'up on the plaza. No doiibti the
guerrillas in ambush had intended to
wait until moonset before attacking,
but they, must have heard the men turn-,
bling out. A volley canie crashing out
of the jungle beyond the hospital build
ing. Two ol our; men" fell. Then rthe
two companies concentrated their fires
on the ont> spot. _A few feeble spurts of
flame answered — then ' silenceV That
was all there was to the fight. .'
At dawn 'ten "dead ' insurgents were
brought in and tumbled into a ditch-
But five of us from 'the hospital.re
covered tone, of them,\arid- carried, li up
Into V the 'Junsle and there burled U
alone. ¦;He.vhad r . been -a- spy .on our
troops, but -we r thought; enough of
Pedro to; do that. . " ' *
'; As .for Pedro's' confederates. , the
Corporal . and ( his * gang, ; never saw
bnejof i them .again. ; ', there came
rumors; from- the ".natives \ that ; the • Cor
poral had been seen in a colony of his
kind; up the mountain, where he would
never trouble' the/ riiajor's'dispatch file
from the. old. man, who by this time
had been lhv.eigted quite a "distance
down the road. "Hearing his wife's
screamsr he turned and came pelting
back to her .assistance,, but no.t , before
the seven : thieves had successfully
made off with all they could carry and
had upset a basket of eggs In the skir
mish. • '...'. '¦'
1 The way those rogues. scurried across
the plaza into the hospital grounds was
surprising, and the last'l .saw of them
they were disappearing over, the gable
of the tile roof to security beyond.
Then I got back to my quarters as soon
as possible, before old Jose could see
me and accuse me of complicity' in the
robbery.
It was one night about aweek after
this that I could not sleep. The air was
humid. Through • the square shells • of <
the blind came a mellow flow. of trop
ical moonlight. I started fo"r the door
to the balcony, thinking the air might
be fresher there. In doing so I passed
Pedro's cot. It was empty. I was a lit
tle surprised, as he. was still quite crip
pled, but expected to find him out on
the balcony.
He was not there, but I soon forgot
Pedro in. the beauty of the moonlit
scenery— so brilliant that the birds
chirped' where they roosted. Every leaf
of the big mango tree close by shone
out clear in the yellow light against a
black background of deep shadow. The
whole had a dreamy) somnolent effect
on - me, and I think I drooped over, the
railing, . dozing, ' when suddenly a sharp
•cry, awoke me.. V ' :
From far out in the jungle came the
cry again. Then a rustle of leaves, and
on the far side of the mango tree I saw
a - black shoo't up : out of- the
shadow .into the lower, limbs. I- heard
the snap°bf ' twigs, ' the 1 boughs', nearest
me ..shook, ; and • the black * object flew
out and • landed on the } railing .beside
me "with a.thump.yt'.was the.Corporal.
,'« ''Hello, Corporal," .what are" you : ' doing
out 1 ; at . thisttime : of hight?".fl tasked."
I 'But,' he was -too. .busy 'with" other
things to answer "my greeting. - Taking
a seat \ firmly on : the"; railing ;with his
; hand-like ; feet."- he ; began industriously.
crease his following Jiere. One by
one more monkeys of various sizes
and kinds appeared, alike only in their
one quality of^ being disreputable,
.troublesome .characters. "We thought
when the 'number .reached seven v that
the Corporal would .have, enough re
gard for military rules" to put the limit
there, but they kept on coming until
they numbered' nine. There ~\yere
monkeys everywhere; ,in< the trees out
side, on the fences, in;' the balcony, on
the roof and oiv.the stairwars". iltis
true that only the Corporal himself
and Missouri had the audacity to
make themselves at home in the
wards. The others kept at least a .re
spectful distance, but they were ever
within hearing distance.
The hospital soon -'became knov.-n'all
over Northern Luzon 'as a resort for
outcasts of the mpnkey tribe. When
our chief went down to Vjgan ' for
medical stores, they asked him there
if he hadn't better apply for a license
to ke'ep a thug's drinking resort, which
his hospital establishment .seemed to
be. He couldn't 'convince them that
the Corporal's " crowd was abstejni
ous in the matter of hard drjnks.
They seemed to have the impre3sion .
down there that we all indulged in
nightly carousals and that we men
were not a bit more respectable: than
the. Corporal and his gang. Thius the
rumors grew.as they spread, until; the
reputation of our establishment' suffer
ed considerably.
. Jjet me tell of one of the many in
cidents wherein the Corporal brought
us all into disfavor with the citizens
of San* Ilamon. "and obliged trs
to undergo the indignity of hav-i
ing' our., personal honor* assailed*
It came about through one of the Cor
poral's raids on a local storekeeper..
This was at a time, when I had suffi
ciently recovered to go down into the
plaza sometimes and sit on the big
stone bench by the band stand. It
was. late in the afternoon one day, and
I was sitting there breathing in the
fresh breeze. I had a fine view of the'
hospital gateway and the corridor,
leading into the stairs.
Suddenly,' from a small side en
trance, I saw a figure -appear in the
gateway. It was the Corporal, and he
stood alone, erect, alertly surveying
the plaza before him. 1 Then he ad
vanced cautiously, and behind him ap
peared first a face, then the figure of
Missouri, and after him came Whis
kers and then the Rake, and one by
one the rest followed in single file,
ever alert, .uttering low, conversa
tional grunts. I knew their methods
well enough to realize that they were
about to carry out one of, their many
plots against the public happiness of
San Ramon.
They, advanced across the plaza shel
tered by a row of bushes, passing with
in a few feet of me with an utter dis
regard of my presence that gave me
a painful sense of .complicity. .They
went slowly" along in single file, the .
Corporal leading/until they had crossed
the plaza and were hidden in a "clump
of lilies that stood opposite the
fruity tienda of Jose Ramirez. [ There
they -remained some. time, so quiet that :
I wondered what . their : tactics"" would
be. Now . and then the shaking of a -
lily stalk told me they were still there.
Suddenly two 0* them leaped out, the :
Corporal and Whiskers, and advanced
boldly across the road and made a, dash ¦
for the tienda. Each', grasped a ripe -
banaha and with loud cries retreated
down the road. Old Jose, attracted by
their noise, rushed out and after them
do wn the road, yelling; in his high fal
setto and shaking a big- stick;"
Meanwhile I had kept an. eye on the
tiger lilies,, and presently; I saw the
seven others of the band emerge -on
all fours and with shrill screams make
a dash for. the fruit stand. . Some grab- ,
bed eggs, 'some bananas and mangoes
and nuts and 1 oranges.' From inside the "
tienda came a woman's 'scream and
Jc-se's oid wife emerged with a^broom,
desperately trying '.to beat off the nia
rauders and shrilly cryine for heln
.-'CiV er.« son)!'"! ~^.c rors'took that
".ens* # of It., .and cuV.v*! ;Mir. • "Thi
Limits-. * ' ' , • ''^\-V
Well, the. Corporal, nlias the' Limit,
made himself a fixture in the Second
.Division "Hospital of *San ttamon.
There was* no part, of. the premises too
sacred for him in which to introduce .
his pugnacious little personality, with.,
a "familiarity highly obnox'ious .to men -
of" military training. The chief-.sur
: geon and the head steward Issued de
crees beyond number foV his expul- •
' sion, but the Corporal, evaded them
, with an Indifference bordering on con
tempt. .He paraded up and down the.
'aisles between tho co\ts of all th$
wards, usually erect, his shoulders
hunched up, his eyes roving about to
all corners on the lookout for-all pos
sible trouble, -.and heralding his ap
proach with" aggr.e53.ve little coughs.
Even the doctor- could not keep him
out of the dispensary, where he found .
him one day apparently, playing mar
bles with Eome -quinine pills. ' ¦ ','.;':¦
We thought at first we' could tame
the Corporal 'and make a general pet •
of .him, but. that was a mistake on gur
part. The only one to whose -call
he ever responded was . Pedro, and'
.then he only came if his mood "was
agreeable'. . Not that, he was afraid.
. One of the boys threw some water at
the Corporal one day in a) joking sort
. of way, -but the Corporal; landed on
that mair and didn't leaver him until
he had snatched several handfuls of
hair from a pate .none if>o thickly
corered with hair anyway, y Any of
us could induce the Corporal'to accept
some tempting bit of fruit, from his
hands. , He was never too bashful to
• come up and take it. In fact, if he saw
a man eating some article of food that
particularly appealed to his chronic
appetite, he" did not hesitate to make
. a dash for it and carry it off, and then
¦ if the morsel proved deceiving in ap
pearance, he took It as v a personal
grievance against .him whom he had
robbeoVand would hurl.it back at the
offender as a missile. The moral
make-up of the Corporal was the
weakest thing about him.
. One day a big Missouria'n was
¦ brought to the hospital. He had been,
wounded in one of the freguent skirm-"
ishes with, the' prowling guerrilla,
bands* up 1" in the mountains. It
chanced that he had had a pet monkey
over in, the barracks, and the head
steward weakly allowed him to bring
the beast along. Perhaps the stew
ard had a sneaking, hope that the new
monkey, ,a big, husky fellow, would
kill the Corporal in combat, or at least
chase him off the premses.
But that was where the head
steward miscalculated. The big mon
key tried hard enough to* oblige the
steward, but when the Corporal got
through with him the building was
tilled with cries of a beaten bully and
loud, broad swear words as they are
sworn in Missouri. There might even
have been a personal . encounter be
tween the big Missourian and the Cor-
poral had the rest of us- not inter
fered. • •
The result of that fight was not at
all gratifying. Missouri's monkey rec
ognized one would could lick him and
he truckled to the Corporal ever after
ward. The two became as thick as all
bad characters usually are and com
bined in warfare against public de
cency. Of course the Corporal was al
ways the leading spirit,' but In his new
companion he found an ever willing
accomplice in all his nefarious
schemes against our general peace.
Where those two scamps spent their
nights we never knew. They always
disappeared at dusk 'and only showed
up again with, the dawn' of the next
morning. The natives said they roost
ed in a big bamboo tree that stood in
the plaza, but we never knew one who
could confidently state that he had
seen them there.
One morning when the shell blinds
were opened the two rascals bounced
in, but not alone. They had with
them a third member of their tribe,
a big, black obstreperous ' looking-^ f el-"
low with shaggy white whiskers.
Where he hailed from we never knew,
but we all felt convinced he had been
banished for his misdeeds from some
community of his kind ; up the moun
tain side where the jungle was espe
cially thick, and that he had come
down to join fortunes with the Cor
poral, whom he had evidently recog
nized as a fellow after his own heart.
It was only a week after this that
the Corporal's disreputable ¦ band was
increased by, another recruit, who
looked every bit as ruffianly, as . the .
¦rest. We named him the. Rake, " be
cause he. had the permanent appear
ance of having .been out all the night
before, given him by his - mangy coat '
of fur and one eye, gone. Then. he had
a rolling sort of a gait which suggested
_ a chronic state of inebriety. /
.Nor did the Co rptcal cease «to in-'.
*| ¦< OW the" CorpoYal -first came . to: ;
1 A the "mjlitary hospital . of San'
I I Raraon hae^nov^r.be^n.authent-.
\y ically recorded- Stories' of tils
coming, vary. ..Some say- he/ appeared
In a streak of blue flame and a-whi'ff
of sulphur smoke; o'thers belie.ve that
he simply dropped in to give the -place
a bad reputation. There are'someof us
who think it rhost "probable that^ he
c?.me to renew a-prev.ipus'acquaintance
with Pedro Ouerbl. "•* :• '.- . **•/• •
Pedro was- wounded -and 't£ken pris-.,
oner in a skirmish some miles out of
San Ramon. Those ",of 'the* boys who"'
found him crippled,, .with * a* «liot .
through both legs and hidden in a bam
boo hut. declare that they saw a small
blnck object disappear put of ..a back'
window as they entered the door. Later
they hoard that dry. hard Cough 'out-
Bide which they afterward came to
know as the Corporal's voeal expression •
of disapproval when things .did not
please him. • * ... • . - . .*'..•
Pedro was' carried to • the h'ospital
and pat into our ward. H"e was a bdy
of less than 16, .and his. mother.' up in
Cagayan should". have spanke.4 him in
stead 01 letting him' join the insurgent'
army. ' .- ".;:' , Tl: . •.* I J ,*-,•".
It was the morning after his arrival; .
he was sleeping quietly on the cot to
tvhich the steward had assigned him.
1'he day was fine and th« shell blinds
were thrown open to let in the fresh
breeze that swept down from the moun
tains, iust strong enough to rustle the
barr»boo tops and banana leaves of the
jungle that crept up almost to the bal
conies. Most of us were awake, listen- .
ing to. the piping of the birds. outside
and the drowsy hum of insects.
Suddenly we were all " startled .by a
sound that did not chime In with the •
low murmur of nature outside. It was
a brusque, rasping cough, almost a
bark, but human enough to convi-nce
those who heard it that it voiced the
discontent of eome one with thing's as
they were. We all raised our heads
and looked out to the ledge of the bal
cony outside the windows. That w'as
how we first saw him, and I "can vouch
that he w-as unaccompanied by blue
flame or sulphur smoke.
There he sat. a small, black faced
monkey, his feet clutching the railing,
his small paws holding a huge banana,
bo mellow that he had "squashed most
of it over his face. Evidently it was
the stickiness of the banana which
vexed his soul, for with another of his
hoarse grunts he flung the half rotten
fruit in on our polished mahogany floor,
¦where it struck with a soggy squash
and made a nasty brown spot. Next
he wiped his mouth with his hairy
arms, then wiped them and his hands
on a patient's white shirt spread out
to dry on the balcony railing.
Having done this to his apparent sat
isfaction, he sat up again and took
in his surroundings with a quick in
vestigating eye. Then he gave a leap
and landed Inside on top of the bed
post of the first sergeant of Company
C. The sergeant raised an emaciated
hand as a friendly greeting, but the
little imp on the bedpost rudely dis
regarded the advances and leaped on
to- the next bed. where lay the wounded
Filipino boy who had been brought iu
the evening before.
The jar of his landing awakened Pe
dro. The monkey sat on the bedding
before him, and the boy's yellow fea
tures spread out in a sickly smile.
Those who saw the look of recognition
that passed between the two firmly be
lieve they had met before. Pedro al
ways denied any previous acquaintance
with that little bundle of pure cussed
ness and never would own up to the
responsibility of bringing him there,
but the evidence clearly points the
other way.
Anyway, the monkey never could be
got rid of. He stayed and became as
much a part of the establishment as
the head steward himself. Like all
bad characters he was known by \*ari
ous r^mes. The natives in the casu
alty ward named him first. El Cabo,
which means the Corporal, because
he wat> such a peppery little chap, and
was a natural born leader of his kind.
Most of the Yankee boys, whom
wounds or other troubles had made
inmates of the hospital, referred to
him as the Corporal at once as be
ing the literal translation of his native
title in a military sense. Now In
Epau.'^h "el caoo" a.so means "the
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO "SUNDAY" CALIi:
THE CORPORAL'S SECRET SERVICE GANGsleeper to watch for the exp'ected head-.
light. . ¦' -^-/ ¦'_" '.,. .' . ¦¦•;¦-'-;-.. -.:::},
f stofm ? ln^eased a in"yl61eTice^-it
was ..not ;.thef rain ..driving in torrents. ..
not the Ugh tn&s' blazinf ,) nor ; i the; deaf - <
eningi crashes' of;' thunder,* v th'srt wbr- «
ried^him^ 'btitlthe vwlnd-^U blew^a' gale. \
In 'th'e" 'giare^of «the Ughtnlng ¦ he * could^
see the oaks which crownedUhe .bluffs
jWhlp" 4ik«Xwlliows u'lrif the' storm." v lt s
swept w quaf teringMown'the Beverly cut \
as I if "it . would j .tear 'the ties from un- !
deritheCsteel. (^.Suddenly he. Baw, .^far.'
up.* in^the* : black*- sky,- a., star, blazing;
it was the. headlight of second 77. ->> *"'
.. j A{whistle cut '.the .wind 'il then, another.^
IUwas'th^e^signal^for /brakes. The.sec-^
on'd*sectiOT\wa^ the' steep *:
grade. '; He wondered ' how : far back his -.
man had; got ywitb the bombs". . Even
as! he;wondered he saw a yellow, flash •
below the headlight; it was the first
torpedo, j ; The'v second section was «al
ready down the {top of the hill/. Could
they ' hold- It^to'thebottom? P
; Like an ansv/er came shorter and
sharper the whistle for brakes. Ben
thought he, knew who was ( on that en- :
glne; thought he knew that whistle, for
engineers whistle as differently as they
talk. He still hoped and believed—
knowing: who was on the engine— that
the. brakes; would hold the heavy load;
but ; he feared— •
| A' man 7 runrilns.tip in the rain passed
him/ . Ben shouted and held up his lan
tern; f it • was : his head brakeman.
: ; "Who's i. pulling second 77?" he cried.
':• ''Andy Cameron." / • s ".
'i "How many air cars has he got?"
"The bridge Js out/. .
: ''Getpvit your passengers," said Ben's
.brakem#nl
, .. "There's no time," cried the passenger
( conductoK wildly, running joff. " He, was
• panic-stricken.' The, porter. Jtrted ,to
; speak.* J He .took hold of the : birakeman's
arm, but his. voice died .in his throat;
fear "paralyzed him. Down the. wind
came Cameron's whistle, clamoring now
. in alarm. It meant the worst; and Ben
; knew it. The ' stock train was running
'away.- v' ''.";';¦'.. ; , .'-. '-7'- .
k There were,: plenty of , things .to do if '
'there" was only time;^ but there was
i hardly time ;;to^^think. , The.. passenger.
were running about like 'm_en dla
trkcted,'^trying to'get* the" sleeping trav
elers out.: Ben. knew they : could not
possibly reach a tenth of them. In the
thought of what It meant an inspira
tion came like a; flash.
. He seized his brakeman bytthe'shoul
der. For two Cweeks the maft carried
the marks of his hand. . i.."J'O
• VDaley." he cried, in : a' volcejlike^a
pistol crack, "get 'those ,two ; stockmen
out of- your caboose. .Quick, -man! I'm
going to 'throw r Cameron *.; into the
cattle. ?: '¦'- ¦'".!¦¦¦
'¦.-> wit was a- chance— single, desperate,
but yet a chance — the. only *: chance
that offered to, save the helpless pas
sengers in-his i charse. ' ." v
- If. he could reach the siding switch
ahead of the . runaway: train- hi) could
throw the deadly, catapult 'on the sid
ing and into his own train and so save
would Jump from the soeket and.
lurching" frightfully, the monster took
the siding. A flare, of lightning lit the
"cab as it shot past andhe saw Cam
eron leaning from . ; the . cab window,
with face of stone, his eyes riveted on
the gigantic drlvers;that threw a sheet
.of fire from the sanded- rails. ¦' •
• . "Jump !~,screamedi Ben, useless as
he knew it was. "What voice could live
in that hell of noise? sWhat'man es
cape from that, cab now?
One," two. three, four cars »pounded
over -the split rails in half as many
seconds. Ben, running dizzily for life
T tothe ; rtghti-heard above the roar of
the storm, and" screech of the sliding
wheels a. 'ripping, tearing crash, the
harsh scrape of escaping steam, *the
hoarse cries of the wounded cattle.
And through . the dreadful dark and
the fury of the babel the wind howled
in a gale and the heavens poured a
flood. '"'.;
Trembling from excitement and ex
; haustlon. Ben staggered .down the main
track. A man with a lantern ran
against him; it wa3 the brakeman who
had 'been back with the torpedoes; he
was crying hysterically^
They stumbled Jover a body. ! Seizing
the lantern, Ben turned the prostrate
-man over and -wlpe'd the mud. from his
face. Then he held the lante'rn close,
.and. gave a great cry. It 'was Andy
Camerbn— unconscious, true, but soon
very much alive and no worse than
badly bruised. How the good God who
watches over* the plucky engineers had
thrown him out from the horrible
wreckage only He knew. But thera
Andy lay; and with a lighter heart Ben
headed a wrecking, crew to begin, the
task of searching: for any who* might
by fatal chance ,have been caught In
the crash. * • *'.'."
the unconscious travelers. Before the
words "were'out of his mouth he start
ed up the track at topmost speed.
The angry- wind staggered him. . It
blew, out- his lantern, but he flung it
away, for he could throw the switch
in the dark. A sharp gust tore' half
of his rain coat. from his back; rip
ping off the • rest, he ran on. - When
the wind took his breath he turned
his. back and- fought for another.
Blinding sheets of rain poured on him;
•water, streaming down the track
caught his feet; a slivered tie. tripped
him. arid, falling headlong, the sharp
ballast cut his .wrists and knees like
broken glass- In desperate haste he
dashed ahead again; -the , headlight
loomed before him like a mountain of
flame. . . There .was \ light enough now
through "the sheets of rain that swept
down* on him and there r ahead,' the
train, almost on it, was 'the switch.
<.Could;he make It?
:-. A cry from 1 the sleeping children
ros«.in his heart. Another breath, an
Instant floundering, .a slipping leap,
and he 'had - it. .He - pushed the key
into- the -lock, -threw the switch ¦ and
snapped it 'and, to make deadly sure,
braced , himself against the target^ rod.
Then >¦ he looked. ' ..'.
-No whistling .now;, it was past that.
He- k.new 1 the; : fireman would have
jumped. 'Cameron .'% too?' ->\No, not
¦Andy,- 3 not* if the pit: yawned in "front
oft his, pilot./ .'::' :y
He, saw streams of , fire from
mariy. wtieels^-he'. felt -the glare lot . a
dazzling light— and vWlth a rattling
crash 'the ponies shbt< into the
The -bar in his hands rattled as IX it
fore them was Blackwood Creek, bank
full, and the bridge swinging over the
swollen stream like a grapevine.
. At the foot of Beverly Hill there Is
a siding — a. long siding, once used' as
a sort of cutoff to ' the upper Zanes
ville yards.' This sidetrack parallels
the main track for half -a mile, and
on this siding Ben, as soon' as he saw
the situation, drew in with his train,
so that It lay beside the passenger train
and left the main line clear- behind.'
It then became his duty to guard the
track to the -rear, where the second
section of. the stock train would soon
be due.
It was pourirg rain and as dark as
a\ pocket. Ks. started his hlnd : end
brakeman back: on the run with red
lights ; and torpedoes to warn the sec
ond'section .well up the hill. Then,
walking -across from his caboose, he
got under the lee. of the hind Pullman
"Six or elght," ; shouted Ben. • "It's
the wind,' Daley— the wind. /Andy can
hold her if anybody can. But the \w.ind
—did you J ever, see such a, blow?"
Even while he« spoke the. cry for
brakes came a third time in the storm.
A frightened. Pullman porter ; opened
the rear door of the sleeper. ,- Five hun
dred .people. He in the excursion. ; traln,
unconscious,. of this avalanche rolling
down -.upon them. v . ¦.
The . conductor 7of the filer • ran up «. to
Ben in a panic. '„-¦. . ' ' .
\ "Buckley, they'll telescope us." .
"Can you pull ahead any?"
¦ And while the trainmen of the
freights worked at the wreck the pas
senger train was backed slowly — so
slowly and so smootMy — uj> over the
switch and p"ast. over- the hill and past,
and so to Turner Junction, and around
by. Oxford to Zanesville.
When the sun rose the earth glowed
In the freshness of .Its June shower
bath. The flier, now many miles front
Beverly Hill, was speeding in toward
Omaha, and' mothers waking their
little ones- in the berths- told them
how close death had passed while
they slept. The little girls did not
quite understand It, though they trieii
very hard, and were grateful to That
Man whom they never saw and whom
they would, never see. But the little
boys — never mind the little boys —
they understood It. to the youngest
urchin on the train, and fifty times
their papas had to tell them how far
Ben ran and how fast to save their
lives.' And one little boy — I wish I
knew his name — went with his papa
to the depot master at Omaha when
the flier stopped and gave him his
toy watch; and asked him please to
give it to That Man who had saved
his' mamma's life by running so far
in the rain, and please to tell him how
much obliged he was — If he would be
so kind. . *
So the little toy watch came to .our
superintendent, and so to me; and I.
sitting at • Cameron's bedside, talking
the - wreck over with Ben, gave it to
him,' and the big fellow looked as
'pleased* as if it had been a . jeweled
chronometer; indeed, that was the
only medal Ben cot.
The truth is we had no gold .medals
to distribute out on the West End in
those days! We gave Ben the best we
had, and that was a tfassehger run.'
But he Is a great fellow among the
railroad -men. And on stormy nights
switchmen tin the. Zanesville yards,
smoking in their shanties, still tell of
that night, that storm, and how Ben
Buckley threw second 77 it the foot
of Beverly Hill. . .'
Ben laughed a little. "I think . I do:
"VVIU there be two sections to-day ?'N '•'¦
"They're loadipg "eighteen cars ' of.
stoqk atOgaJalla; if we get any hogs
joff the Beaver ' there will be two :big
sections. I shall mark you up for. the
first one 'any way and send -you : out
"right behind the flier. \ Get your badge'
and your punch from i Carpenter— and *i
whatever, you, do, I^uckley, don't' get"
rattled." ¦-."." ' ":- .\vJyzj : . ''¦"'-¦'
"Xo, sir; . thank you,- Mr. Reed." t
But his "thank you" was so pleasant
I couldn't .altogether, ignore.it; 'II "com- :
promised with.; a! cough. ."¦• Perfect cour
tesy, even in the ¦- hands of the awk
wardest boy that ever, wore* hisftrous-,
: ers short, is a surprisingly handy thing'
• to disarm gruff people with. . r Ben'Vas
' undeniably awkward-;" his legs were too'
long and his trousers decidedly out^of
•touch with his feet; but I turheHaway.
with the conviction that in; spite of his
gawklness there was something: to the
boy. That night proved it: >' ' ¦
. When the flier pulled in from -the
west In the afternoon it carried two
extra sleepers. In all eight Pullmans,
and every one of them loaded to the
ventilators. While the train was chang
ing engines and crews, the excursion
ists swarmed out of , the, hot ears to
• walk up and down the platform. They
were from New York,* *nd had- a band
with them — as -Jolly a cnud as we ever
hauled — and I noticed many boys and
•girls" sprinkled among the grown folks.
As the heavy train pulled out the
band played, the women waved hand
kerchiefs and the boys shouted them
selves hoarse — it was- like a holiday,
everybody seemed so happy.. All I
hoped, as I- saw the sm<»I»e- of the en
gine turn to dust on the horizon, wp -,
that I could get them over my division
and their lives safely off my hands.
For a week we had had heavy rains,
and the bridges and 'track gave us
\vorry.
Half an hour after the filer -left, 77,
the fast stock freight, wound like a
great snake around the bluff, after It.
Ben Buckley, tall and straight as a.
pine, stood on the caboose.- It was his
first train and he looked as if he felt
it.
In the evening I got reports of heavy
¦ rains eaBt of us, and after 77 reported
"out" of Turner Junction and pulled
over the divide 'toward Beverly It was
etorming hard all along the line. By
•the time they reached the hill Ben
. had his men out setting brakes-rtough
' work cm that kind of a night— but when
the big engine "struck the ! bluff the
heavy trata was well in hand and it
•rolled down the long grade as gently as
a curtain.
i Ben was none too careful, for. half
# "wajr down the hlil they exploded tor
pedoes. Through the driving storm the
tall lights of the filer were presently
seen".* As -they -pulled carefully ahead;
Ben made his 'way through the mud
and rain 'to the head end and" found
the passenger train stalled.. Just be?
June was usually a rush month with
us. From the coast we caught the
new crop of Japan teas and the fall
importations of China silks. Califor
nia still scut her fruits,. and Colorado
v.as beginning' cattle shipments. From
Wyoming came sheep and from Ore
gen steers; and all' these not merely
in carloads, but in solid trains. At
times we were swamped. m The over- 1
land traffic alcne was enough to keep
us busy. On top of it came a '.great
movement of grain from Nebraska that
cummer, and,' to crown our trouble's,
a~~rate war Fprang up. Every mah,
woman and thild cast of the Missis
sippi appeared to have but one ob-*
Jet in life— that was to get to Cali
fornia, and to po over our road. The
passenger traffic burdened our re
sources to the last degree.
I was putting on new men every
day then. We ..start them, at brak!
ing on freights.' Usually they work
for years at that before they get a
train. But when a train dispatcher is
short on crews he roust have them,
and can only press the best material,
within re«>cb. Ben Buckley had not
been braking three months when I
called him up one day and asked him
If he wanted a train.
••Yes, sir. I'd like one first rate. But
you know I haven't been braking very
long. Mr. Reed." he said frankly.
"How long have you been In tEe
train service?"
I spoke brusquely, though. I knew
without even looking at my service
card Jun how long it was. WJ'lF'i
"Three months, Mr. Reed."
It was right to a day.
• 'I'll probably have to send you out
on 77 this; afternoon." I saw him stiffen
like a ramrod. "You know -we're pret
ty B^iort," I continued.
"Yes. sir."
"But do you know enough to keep
your bead on your shoulders and your
train on - your orders?"-
Y T is a bad grade yet. But bo
fore the new work Vas done/cm
"I • the river division Beverly . Hill
\ was a terror to trainmen- -^i.- .-. ¦ ¦•
• On rainy days 'old switchmen In the
Zanesville yards still tell* in their
shanties of the night the Blackwood
bridge went out and Cameron's stock
train got away on the hill, with the
Denver flier caught at the foot like
a rat in a trap.
Ben Buckley was only a big boy
then, braking on freights. I was dis
patching under Alex Campbell on the
."vTest fcnd. Ben was a tall/ loose-;
jointed fellow, but gentle as a kit
ten; less as long as pmchbars, . yet
none too long running for the Bev
erly 6witch that night. His great*
chum in those days was Andy Cam
eron. Andy was the youngest en
gineer on the line. The first time I
ever saw them together Andy, short
and chubby as a duck, was dancing
around, half dressed, on the roof of
the bathhouse, trying to get away
from Ben, who had the fire hose be
low, playing on him with a two-inch
stream of ice- water. They were up to
tome sort of a pran-k all the time.
THEV SAN FRANCISCO v SUNDAY' GALE;
SECOND
SEVENTY
SEVEN
7
Powerful Russian novel by Headon Hills
. which g(iyes a new insight into the maze : '
: r <of * intrigue and plot and counterplot " :
; through f< which tj>
¦ \''.!precariouS'''.existence : -.'^.--"'''^. : "^>.'-V •¦* t& '-^ ' ':"'.¦"No,, ma.' am. We had to be up:- very
early; we wanted to get ahead of'the
Baxter boys." < ' *, . ' "
-! VAre they looking for. toads?"
fiYes'm. There's four K Baxter boys,
and we;.was/afraid^mebbe , you'd have
all the toads you ..wanted before we
came along/: so we gbt^up'at'4 o'clock."
'.-,. When 'Miss Deborah .bade gfood
by she had relented so far. as • to ¦, say,
She 'ushered them Into ;the* dining
room,, where. 'Lucy was finishing her
coffee. . • " ¦ •
• "You didn't have 'much breakfast, ; I
imagine," she hazarded, asj.hey, humbly
dispatched the baked' beans and' brown
breadc- '. ¦" ".. : - ' '. - ' ¦ '¦¦'-¦ . ¦¦-¦.¦ ¦"*,".-'¦
''Please, ma'am, 7 a boy/ and girl want
tp. ; see you f *an4* they.'ve got something
in. a',- "basket." - . - . :..,';.
• "Toads!"; "ejaculated- Miss '.Deborah;
an'd she rose hastily. {•". / ¦
: "We saw ' an advertisement as said
you -wanted toads," the little girl ex
plained shyly.. ;.'• . *
:- "Miss Debovah opened the cover of the
basket. "They, are frogs," she cried. "I
especially said I did not want frogs.
"If you can't tell a frog from a toad,
.you had- better go to vacation school.
I. am not going to give you_a. blessed
cent, not one, and you 'can take these
frogs back 'where you ' sot .' them."
A pitiful expression, came into the
faces rfof the children. They turned
away sadly and silently. Their torn
clothes^ and; general air of dejection
went straight '.'to Miss Deborah's kind
heart.;.'. . . ¦¦--•.— ''¦. : '-,:
."Do you like -baked bean's?"" she
inquired in a* conciliatory tone.
"You bet!V said the boy.
ing, "just, as the sjsters . were flhishing
their ba.ked beans, the doorbell rang,
and '.'Bridget, came In •with a Broad
smile on her. face. •
have brought me toads, and not.frog^.".
"They are toads alljright,", said the*
oldest. boy, 'lifting the cover of. the pail •
and allowing: Miss Deborah to lookjln-'
side, , where she ."saw., a merry 'company '
of six bright-eyed toads. "There's eight
in "Jrm's- box," he announced!' V -' . :
Miss Deborah made a rapid calcula
tion. ;¦ •¦ ,"¦;¦-".". ."l'';.'i/~J: ,""... ; .,., iV^- •" y
.''Five times-*; fqurteen^ rare ; seventy ,
cents/' she - saidr^^'and • Bridget •• hasn't
rjot^heme from early mass-Hshe -must
have stopped :at '' her brother's; 'there; is
nothing , for. it, but Cto go : back. . Lucy,
goVori to : church, and if-I" don't :get
there, , for^ heaven's sake. don't -tell Mrs.
Lutterworth thVreason .why.' Lie, Lucy,
lie like I a— a Filipino ; -'sayf I am III, '/that
I ; mind* the heat ; ' say ajiy thing * bui the
truth.' ..If ? Sarah i Lutterworth. should
get- hold? of ¦ this • 1 should- never :^jear'
the" 'last of; it." {v : '*-^ : "
, -'.i am the toad lady," replied Miss
Deborah, . assuming as '¦ much dignlly as
was possible! ""I |Ive\ in that
house" with the lilac bushes t ; in the
front yard, r Goodness, Lucy, what shall
I do? We are late for church already.
I shall ¦¦ be^ very, late if I go back now,
but I can't rniss a chance like this or
disappoint these children. I-hope-.vou
Miss Deborah, and . Lycy were ,-ju3t
starting for. ch'urch and were, walking
sedately, down Main street in their gen
tly, rustling summer silks, holding, their
pongee parasols' to shield them from
the torrid rays -of the sun. when they
met astraggllng procession of four un
kempt children.' -'Two of them carried
large tin pails. ,
"The Baxter. boys!" was Miss Debo
rah's prophetic' cry. *, . •• " >
"Can you tett tne, please,_the house
the toad lady lives in?" asked the old
est boy. , - . •- - .
"You can, take the froirs back, but I'll
glve^yo>(i' 10 cents .each* on account of
your trouble." ' - • . : ¦ • ' '
'¦"'J'lA. would take all the spice out-of the
• icf>-ertjsement ¦ to : alter It; - If can't 'be
Very dignified,* no matter how you word
It'." said Miss- Deborah, with "a* little 1
Jaugfe. "*I aai glad r -Le titia Us Tnot at
'home. .Stoe'would.find it such a depart
ure. * I have .always said- 1 wanted my
"jling, and-ribw I am having iti" r
'"Aren't you afraid of- getting.. too
many toads if . you advertise, in a
paper?" L.ucy. asked timidly. " , , ' / f J',
*• "Too many! ; My "dear Lucy,' Patrick
t has. been 'hunting Jhe town the last .two
'days ar.d lia.sn't found 'one.' I am
afraid 1 shan^t get enough. 'I don't ex
. beet more than ten ; or -twelve at the
;outslde. 'V^^SwB T .. ."•.'¦*,
Lucy went "down ta the offlcs of "the
County - New?- with" her sister," who* re
. quested , the editor .to .put 1 the ¦ adver
tifcement in two -issues of his .semi
weekly paper." ; This ; was " a ..little " ex
pensive, but Miss Deborah was sure : it
wob better -to give her experiment a
fair trial. The paper was issued on
* Saturday- morning", and the day passed
with no results. Early , Sunday *- morn-:
v .Vl-ithlnk *it would .-be a little, more
dignified" to "leave ou't that - about * the
".Children, and say. .5 cents will be given
•for eVery toad brought lo No." 52.Main
street, -Eppingham ; .frogs not desired,"
aa'id Lucy,w-I*th hesitation. -. .- J. ';<.' ¦'
- . . ,''"¦'.
for^Xbads. ITh'ere:are.ple : nty of
• toads in Eppingham and . plenty .,?/
children.- The only thing is to devise a
schemfe lo "bring them together. .How
; does this -read?" . . >' . ". *-
': V 'WANTED TQADS!!' That will at-
; tract the eye* of .the most hardened
•reader. '• '-£:-'•' •:*• -'. ¦ " *• : .
• " "Chiidrf n, here is youp chance." Five
cents reward for eyery toad brought
to No. 52 Main street, Eppingham. No
frogs need apply.' ".;¦* l£ \
"Shan't; I g-o • back too?" suggested
Lu ty, "Then nobody can ask any ques
tions." :.-. V ¦.• ,' • ' • " ' " " ..-' '
"My dear, every; one would think- 'vC-e
were at death's t door if one. of us 'wasn't
at church.' t We shc-u'd have the whole,
town corrJug to TnQuIre." .' . :"
Lucy proceeded down'- the quiet elm.
shaded village- street to the accompani
ment of ichurch' bells. She was a little
late, and slipped into; her seat half way
up the Abroad r aisle v as unobtrusively
as she could, but she was conscious -of
innumerable' eyes-fixed upon her. She
knew every . on-e was. wondering Avhj* .
Deborah was! not there— Deborah, who-
never missed- a. Sunday at church, j*
.- After the service was over" Lucy tried
to Blip out without speaKing-.to any one,
but -Mrs. Lutterworth hastenad. down
the^aisle and caught. up with her.;be
fore shu^ reached the' church" door. '- : .
• "I ho^e Miss Deborah isn't ill?" -she
askedl. *i\i; -• - •'
"No," said 'Lucy, "she feel's the heat
a little.": ¦ :" ,
. "I Am sorry! I never.knew Miss
Deborah to give .up" church for.
weather." * ' " . ,
. "She wouldn't have stayed at home
merely for that, .but — the .fact is she
was detained "by callers whVcame just
as we were leaving home,'.', said Lucy,
thinking it just 'as well to say some
thing- approximate to the truth, r She"
was sure -the; person "who invented ly
ing, did* rnot live ' In a country town.'
for it is, futile under', these; circum- .
• stances^ to tell anything but the blunt,
unvarnished-truth. ..Before the .day ->
day ; was ; . over all ' the . dristocracy - of
- Eppingham . \ knew T who Deborah*
Wyatt's callers were./ . Mrs. Simonds,'
from her window, saw. her greet the
procession of boys and turn back with r
tiifim, and/ had a discussion ¦ with'her
; maid as to ,whetheV the pails contained '
, toads* or berries. '.They finally ; came
: to 'the "conclusion that Miss\Debocah
would not; have - given, UD/.'jchurch for
.anything less . unusua* than toads. DI
fectlj'"afteri dinner" Mrs.' Simonds : tele
phoned .the news to Mrs. Lutterworth.
.; I "¦ "I fancy., Deborah } Wyatt will ' have :
all the; toads she wants for; one while!
before she; gets through," she 'said.. ;
, j'And.'t indeed.Vbefore : Monday was
over" Miss Deborah'"- had V already re— ,
• gretted ;• that - her : advertisement - was,
-destined' to* appear in" two issues of th'e^
' paper.;; ¦¦-. .>.;[:' ;.-'-»"-',^ ¦- '_'¦ ¦.:'-".•'-.:. :
- I"ThIs ¦ makes eight children wlio :
have ; been '¦ herej already," she '-¦ said, as •
bought a : ;inodest quartet ot toads,'
'¦ Monday v morning. " Lucy, 'I shall i
•havejto trouble you* to^see. the 'editpr;
when you T are"dcwn town, 1 and tell him
to stop the advertisement. If he'll
gi\«e me my money" back tor the time
it isn't put in the paper, so. much the
better, but I would rather pay for
some-thing I don't have than be .in
undated' with toads. ' If it goes on
much' longer I shall be ruined."
•"I don't, believe you'll have any
mo're : toads brought yo'u," said Lucy
soothingly. . ¦ '"- • , " ~
"You don't know anything about it.
And this proved" to" be true.
- When Lucy came back Miss Deborah
met * her with a -tragic gesture. "You
needn't tell me that I shan't have any
more toads" brought me. This thing is
as bad as one of those endless chains.-
! BVery" ,, child' tells ten other children
that I will pay live cents, a toad. The
Baxter boys have been here again witlr
ten • n'lore toads. -. ten— Lucy, do, you.
hear? And gom<i f rlfcnds. of theirs came ,
with six.. 1 wish John were* here "to]
swear .for me, *I am ready. to consign
those foads to eternal perdition. Lucy,
you needn't la*gh in that* heartiejJs
way. Not another toad will I pay for..
I've told them not to come -again, and
to tell all their friends that the market
is overstocked." - j ' #
In spite of this warping the door bell
ran again • late in \ the ¦ afternoon,
and x Bridget came up with her fice
wreathed in those maddening smiles.
. "Well, who is 'it?" asked Miss De
borah shortly. . v ' . . ¦ \ •. .
"Threy didn't, give, their, names,
ma'am, but, there's two of _ 'em. little
girls, this time, and they've gtft a bas
ket.'! r '/' ' ' ' " \ "'" ; :V -'-' '•
"Confound It!" JMiss Deborah sQoke
with^ deliber'atlbn and a certain relish.
"It is a little late in life to begin • to
swear/' she said to Lucy. "I don't
know' what Letitia .would; say.; I won't
take' another , toad— not one* . I have
thirty-two already. I shall land in the
pborhouse."
"But* you promised," said Lucy.
"Hang It, Lucy, I can't help If I
did." V c;r
-She descended the stairs In a stormy
mood. " • -.
"You can go away/' she. said to the
children.' "I have all the toads I want.
I did not mean 'to* keep on taking them
all summer." •• .. -
Tears came into the eyes of the
smaller girl. "The paper said- the lady
would - pay .'. five cents for every toad,"
she remarked 'In a faltering voice. *
"You" can never believe all ; you see In
the paper,'.* said Miss Deborah with
dignity; -
The .little, girl lifted up the 'cover of
> the basket in a hesitating way. "There's
<Coryrfsfat by McCIure. X?h!!lips-& <3»./. * "•
THE" evening before* the .WyattsV
departure fo^ the mountains 3>Irs.-
LulUTVorth had' come] !i» !3«bid"
them eoofl-by. ' .- l.\ . ..-.\
Miss Deborah ."was, in* a. desponflent ,
mood, a r*aro thirr^ for-.h*>r. ; ' # " -*-*."
- - I v.-4?fi to £nod«ess Jbhh'ritnl never
' sent-us the wherewithal- f or a; summer
vacation"." '?he observed. ."When, you.
have- i.r.o'u?y given -you - f»r -ti certain
purpoyoV.if You have .» m JSe\v._ England ;•
consci?nctk'yo« feel" -bound *£ s»r>en<J-i.t •
in." jtet. tfijit v-ny; -but T a.m;"homesick •
.rilreh.dy *V.*en I Jliifik ' of .-hav&ig* tc» -
K?svs- rr^r. > r:l •• . ' "'¦; .••¦;".' v -'. • ' " . '
" •* • : Mp." a§«i-;the ferst rt/./j.ouf friends.?'." 1 .'-
"*
•• "No. the. garden:-. ,1 •.caft'.t.^ielp -think-. ••".
fkgjot !>.&ll*~£he orj'tcrntllars ¦ .and cut*-. . '•
tt'orrhs' a:Td 'beetles' that will have^ a
feast:. Patrick "Is Jo care!«?fcs." * -¦'.]•.
•• "Slisi IVDorrh. I • bCIIeve* you loye. ;
the 4Ear3fen.better than anything: In the .
"world "L'iit your sisters and the cat."- f "
•"The cat and * your # sisters," you'.,
should have-eaid," interpolated Miss
Letitia. - *. "• .
"It" isn't "very 'flattering." Mrs. Lut- ; ,
tera'brtb went on in her vivacious way. ;
"You can't bear, to .leave the garden,
and you love the cat. so v.'ell you take"'
him with youl but yffti can -5ay. good
by. 'to me without a pang.'.' s -
"Sarah -Lutterwt-rth, I have.puch per
fect confidence in your poaer to look
r.fter yo\Irseif # &r.d .ot'iers that- I can
leave you with" an eapy mind, whereas
Mr. Gray. i>oor. dear creature, would
be lost without me, and^o I very much *
fear will be the garden." *•
Mir? Deborah's ' fears pro'ved true
prophet^. When she "and Lucy came,
home from the mountains a e»r-"
Her. than they first planned, a period.
of drought, joined to Patrick's con
science,, that was not of-Xe»- England
origin, had turned their once b'loom'-ng
garden intc- arr insects'" paradise. _. •
Mi^s Deborali went from one patch
of fiowr.rs to another, mourning their
fate in an ever-increasing crescendo of
despair. " ¦ f
"Lucy, the sweet peas are blighted."
she announced. "The dry w«ather has.
been too nr.uoh for them.. I wish we
could have. imported some of our moun
tain rains. Look at the dahlias, Lucjr!
They are : .dry'ing up! Ttje -pardeh*
hzisn ; t.been matered properlJl- I knew ..
hoM- it would be. Look at"tho"^e blistei*-;
beetles! H^avens?^ Whr.t a;" looking.*,
garden! And thV; corn!* Cut-worms. •
have "been at # * the'ref. PatrU'k".
O'Halloran" w'hat -\were yt«j "thinkfag.
of?- . ..••; v ; ; " /' :\ . .;..
"Shure, raa'am- I didn'i' \he'
cut- worms,"* be.*-said. sulkllv* ,'•¦' ..*"**
"I am aware bfj tKajL* 1* never a,c- .
cused yob of Jia-ving ingenuity enough*- »
to create anything. *\\"hy "ujiaer. the.
sun didn't you -water thing* properly?."*
"Shure, ma'rfni, I was waterihg^nd" •
watering, until I nearly "a jsun-
Btroke, and. then the. ho.se/bustecl." ' *
"Well, if. it hadn't- beet*. tor- Clara
Simonds . and "'Frances, *we.- shouldn't
have anything- left,"' said Miss Debo-" ¦
rah. "I ' am vjery .glad' <hey .inatie, you
buy a new,"hos«. There it on.e'comjfor>;
their garden is in. almost as' liad- a con
dition. "What Tim I sayin-g-?,. j «ughtn'.t
to take comfort in. a thing like .that; %.
am gladXetiJla.is away. , T < 3'He.staJ'e.of
the garden . w-ou-ld apnoy'.Mr exce'ed*
ingly." .." * -'l'\ /¦'".""«." " '; _* '
Deborah "and Lucy missed .-their -sls^
ter. but there was- a -kind 'of freedom
that came with her. absence-, which was
almost .intoxicating. They .locfk- their,
tea In the woods two or three times* a.
week, and - on. pleasant mornings had •
their breakfast served on tfie .piazza;"
they ate baked beans .'and brown.-bread:
as often% as they liked, and on* one .
never-to-be-forgotten occasioJK. went so •
far as to Indulge, in a roast qf pofk. •
They even lost their heads to .such; an
extent as to Invite- old , Peter Newljall •
to spend" a day »with theih. "'All these
things occurred, Jiowever, a/ter Miss'
Deborah's great coup ¦'d'etat concerning",
the garden.; ". . • • .'••;¦'• ';'
"I am sure th« flowers will -do better-
If we could import, a few toads to -eat'
\B> the insects.',' she said £o, "Lucy, the
morning after . their return^"
"How "are you . going* txr-get your '
toads?" Lucy -askea. languidly. ¦'*'.'
"LucyWyatt! Tou are • the most. un-. •
entertaining person! You are not lazy^
you'd water ai)d jciieed, and %atei* "and.
weed until your back . broKe", . bt^t* if
would never- occur, til you -tb:.ijnprove.'
matters. Listen to this extract from
the Farmer's Voice;/* . *.'.. '• . - \
"'Centipedes, "^ qaterpiHars,-'' blister
beetles and bugs,*of e^'erj'. description
arc equally.welcomei by the tead. *.• •¦
Half a dozen • toaSs In a garden .will
k«^ep it free, from 'the ordirlaVy. garden
pefts. They are easily*-tarned,'and'ipen^.
the day in some shaded nook*a*long the**
fence or tinder a cabbage -leaf, coming
aeduitfly forth at 'night lo fin4 their
food.' .There are t«ads enough 'in town.
1" shall offer to. pay Eatrick 5" cen;s for*
every toad. he Wrings tame.. w *
Patrick prov-ed'to be no .more enter-
prising: than L*iicy,- aqd Miss Deborah
was ohliged ; to ' mpre sffingent
measures. * ''',.-.
Lucy found •her one. morning"" busily •
writing. "L wish Letitia were here *to\
put this advertisement . in proper
shape," she. said. "Letitia is so clever*
with her pen. But I can.'t wajt to ser#^'
this to Newport, and I suppose she
would think my scheme crazy. I have'
decided to 'advertise * In : the County
six, and we worked real hard to get
them," she said.
Miss Deborah was beginning to feel.
Heartily ashamed of herself. "Come
into the dining-rocm and I will make
you some lemonade," she told them.
"After all. a promise is a. promise. I
will take the sir toads. Thirty-eight,"*
she "added under her breath.
The next morning she took another
notice to -the editor, stating that no *
more toads were wanted, but in spite
of this fact toads arrived in rapid suc
cession. Before the week was over-Miss
Deborah found herself the possessor of
sixty of these interesting creatures.
Lucy always took the children's part,
but when the high water mark of sixty
was reached, even Lucy thought it time
to call a halt.
"I've spent three dollars on thos«
confounded toads," Miss Deborah said,
"not to mention the twenty -cents ;for
frogs I didn't kefep: if It goes on much !
longer it will be worse than one of the
plagues. I am scrry Letitla is so dis
turbed. She writes that we are nak
lng ourselves the laughing-stock of Ep
pingham. I suppose Sarah Lutterworth "
has sent her one of her' lively, letters.
It is funny! Of course, it is "funny:. I
can sse myself that there is an axrus
ing side to it, but I don't see why Le
titia should mind when she is neitly
out of it. Who would have supposed
• that " toads were so numerous in Ep
pingham?"
After Miss Deborah's sixty toads had
been cheerfully disporting themselves
In her garden for a few days, John
, Forsyth unexpectedly arrived to spend
a"Bisrht*wlth h!3 aunts on the war to
Join hi3 family at North East Harbcr.
It was delightful to see the dear fel
low, but both'aunts. devoutly hoped, he
would not hear of the toad episode, for
they were beginning to feel sensitive,
and' their nephew bad a sense! of
humor.
"It is so good to see, you." John said,
as they all three sat out on the piazza
after tea. "I was in Newport for a day
or twq last week and I hunted* up Aunt
Letitia. She is at one of the swellest
hotels, and I thought she looked In
first-rate condition, but she seemed a
little hoxnestek."
VLetitla homesick?" Miss Deborah
: asked Incredulously.
::"I fancy beinsr with Miss Macauley
Isn't." all Aunt Letltia'a fancy painted
.•it.. She *ald "something enigmatical
: about never knov.inc people, until you
live in the. housi* with them. She said
Miss Macauley v.'as a most 'interesting*
woman, but that she liked her own
way," he added, with a gleam °f
amusement in his eyes. "In short, I
think Aunt Letitla will be .quite recon
ciled when her time Is U3#V How well
your hollyhocks and- swset paas and
dahlias are looking, Auat Deborah."
¦ "Don't bV satirical. John; the garden
never looked so.' badly. Still, If . you
could have seen 4t/* fortnight a ago,
when we came.:; data 4 from the moun
tains, you* would b4 aniazed at the im
provement:'* *' '--..", V**.*
• **Did I see a toad In the garden?"
John asked. ."I Certainly did. There
goes another! And there Is a third one
hopping along! How; odd; There is a
fourth! I never saw so many" tcf ds be
fore." ". ' . . ( ;.i ..>*"'
"The garden Is full of tHenw" said
Miss Deborah. "They eat Insects, so
we are glad to have them."
"I suppose they all happened along
of their 6wh accord?" John Inquired
nonchalantly.
"Quite so," raid, his Aunt Deborah.
"The garden gate was ajar and they
walked in."
"That waS very convenient."
John began to laugh, and so did his
Aunt Deborah.
••"1. might have known your Aunt Le
titia would have told you the whols
story," she said.
, "You forgot that Esther takes th«
County News. Just how'many toads
have you in your garden?" he asked
confidentially. . ./ _ .•
"Almost precisely the same num
ber as my age, John — just one or two
• more. Novj. you know.lt Isn't'- polite
to ask a. lady her age." '^
"If you have only as many as you
are years old. Aunt Deborah, it is a
\ery small number," he returned gal
lantly,
£} "Lucy, isn't it pleasant to be with
some One who' doesn't tell the truth?"
At this point a boy with a pail came
up the pathway. - . . •
\i "John, you go and tackle him," said
[ - Miss Deborah.- '"He has toads. Tell
U him I don't want any."
"Miss Wyatt doesn't want to see
• you; you can go home," John. said. ¦
Th,e boy lingered.
Miss Deborah came down the steps.'
"I don't want any more toads." she
said; "and -what is more, I won't take
any more toads. I have sixty in my"
garden, I can't be expected to buy
'them the rest of my life. Perhaps
1 - Mrs., Lutterwprth. would take them Af
: you." he. added with cheerful malice.
"Tell her Miss Wyatt sent you to her.'!
, "I ain't got no toads'," said the boy
sullenly. "What should I be doing with
. toads? I've got some blackberries Mr.
f .Newhall sent you from the .farm, but
if you don't \Vant 'em, I'll take 'em to
the other lady."
j "We do want them," said Lucy, hur
. rylng down th» steps to get the pall, "it
> was very kind of Mr.-Newhall to send
: them." -
t , John meanwhile had been disgracing
j the family by laughing immoderately
. "I. don't want any toads!" he mimicked
after the boy had departed. "If you
. could only have heard, yourself, as you
t made that, statement, Aunt Deborah."
"Well. John, I.don't believe you would
r want any if you were* in my circum
stances."
"What do you suppose that boy
thought?" he asked her. "What report
• will he give the old man? 'Miss Deborah
1 Wyatt has gone crazy.' will be the very
mildest way he'll. put it. Poor .old
i Peter NewhaU! Ton owe him an ex
" planatloxv"
And so It was that good came but of
evil and that Mr. Newhall had that In
*¦ vitatlon'to dine with .the Wyatts an
i event that was "one of the crowning
i pleasures of, a long life. 'John alone
f knew why the invitation Was given,
s and he promised never to ten
. . • * •••"'.-¦
THE' SAN. -FRXNGISGO^SUNDAY VCALU.^
MISS DEBORAH'S
GARDEN TOADS
8no_text• And. among the worked things which
'require- a wontan-Vk handicraft :are the.
knitted 'b.uitons. .whicA afe made by
knitting a cover and slipping it ov^r a
.button mold -.covered ¦with silk; button'
molds which are covered .with satin
and worked. l»y hand Qr hand painted,
and 'button molds are covered with
bead "work.' Then, there are the porce
lain, buttons which are painted and
glazed as one would glaze cKina paint
ing. -And there are buttons that are
covered with silk Jn. such "a manner
that a tiny /figured .design comes on
top of the -button.
.There is a Tad for cdyjering: V button
with a casing of gold wir>. These little
.worked- 8tock t ;the. with .epaulets
attaeh.ed; : .the;;'g«tintl6t>- or- the- deep,
¦tlg^t cuff, th« waistcoat -or vest which"
has " been- ravjtred this • seasbn .and the
deep gfrdle'.. These- and- . iriany other
smajl'tnlngs .must be forked by hand
to "be beautiful: ' "." : •'•'.¦. • : \ • '•
/ . • Qattons . ah,d .Summer Fads.' • : '
the?, afternoons . have ;; become- very
.dressy, knd dne'cannp.t go about a» one
"did • in; a ¦"•"golf skirt ! and reefer until
nightV.eyen a country rewrt/. . T.n«
afternoons have become .quite stately
in.. their dress, and women wlthl.trar^.
)r\'g .?kirts a 'la" Eugenie, .wprn;en;' In
wjhite a ."fa the '1815- days," women fii
18^0- gowns," full arid' -.-.abundantiir'
trlmmgdi -and' wo'rrteri--. lij..' the ,/full
•shirred. sHirts;of-:thls season 'tvIH walk,
.the piazzas of sit. uqder. the. shade of
trees plyihjsr the needle and' thread. •. .'¦ ¦;
• And .' w.h.at will they- -sew? • 'Qonc; are
the simplicity days.. No -'mor^; -Will .tlje
.work be 'plain- 'seams ox :draw'n'.'wq'rk,.
bead stringing or-'hemstitchlrig. •¦¦.¦• -.,.
, Instead of -»hese things .the~.wom4n. :
Avho -sits under a tree sewing wIH.'work
upon a yoke of ;canvae and her design
will be a wonderfully colored 'one.'4n
cross stitching. 'She will work her.yoke
and her gauntlet .cuffs and she will
embroider a ; wonderful , square coll'ar
to be fitted to hfer Bhoulders.' The sea
son Is such -a fancy one that woman
must get up early ana work late "if she
is going to ., supply, herself with the
necessary small things of dress.
And; what are these small ' things
which are so requisite a part of a
woman's" gowning? .There are many,
and among them can be numbered the*
t . . • ¦
A very dressy way to 'finish tha neck
less shirt, waist is in the form of the
surplice front, folded across. The neck
In this case is pointed in front and;
the 'transparent .' yoke Is remarkably
pretty. "There " are curved fronts . In
which th.* neck of the dress is quite
cut away and the .transparent yok& is
as dressy as \t can be-rall embroidery
and lace.- * » . .
Girdles fbr^nmmer Go'Ofns.
. The deep, girdle is a -feature, of the
summer 'gown. It is made of silk, of
satin/ of ribbon, of taffeta* or of chl/Ton
'. velvet. "Us sHape Is. that .of a*' folded
: -girdle".. It 'is -laid in folds, with the
folds all pointing downward. Its .shape
Is 'pointed it; the "bottom, though
dip " is very alight. Across the front
Is slid a wide- gold buckle, which makes
a charming ornament. as a sort of finish
for the belt. . ; . ;
These front buckles cost not "a little.
They come In .all the metals and. are
set i with. afl the stones, -precious and
¦tmlrprecious. ;It is ratjier surprising
to th'e .uninitiated 'to note, how much
cat! be paid for these buckles,. and the
woman who wants' 'to do so. can spcVJ
a hund red dollars aa easily, as she can
spend one. ' •? . . :, "
A girdle buckle made for tbe-Duchess
of Maryborough is in silver,' set with
- turqjioise and-'sapphlres: The buckle, is
about; eight Inches deep in front and
has'the look" of an antique, for the sil
ver Is slightly darkened.
. A" buckle made for a wealthy New
/.York woman is in gold, with a marvel
ously: carved gold figure in. the Center,
arranged like a medallion. If is sur
. rounded by small diamonds. Another
wlde'buckle for the front of the girdle
is made of fine, jet, and this, to telr the
tr«th;is the most fetching of all, for it
Is worn upon'a girdle of «ew blue chif
fon velvet and the contrast is exquis
ite. s '• ' ' - •¦
: A" ,very charming arrangement Is
made, to < afford 'these deep g-jrdles *a
pr.op'erj setting. With a. girdle of tur
•quotae liberty. satin there is a s"houlder
ette which Is adjusted to the neck of a
neckless gQwn. A transparent yoke
shoUs traces of blue. Next day there
can "-be worn a wide folded , girdle of
chiffon velvet in a shade or ccral red. -
verjrvswell waist, cool and clean- looking
and one ; which,*" when piped with white
linen," oomss. out almost dressy enough
f or .* dinner wear. There is this about
jreen— that it is cool looking. But it is
*'a color which should be worn alone,
not" in" combination irttb/ other tones.
A\gown all of green, with a little white
to set it of/. Is very attractive for turn
*mer. • • . • "*•
\ • Hints, frfr Xew : Gowns.
"^ One. of .the loveliest shirt waists of
the season *was made, of champagne
"colored mull. It was trimmed with
'ivory white lace and piped .with pearl
white binds. A deep girdle of opal
yellow chiffon velvet confined the
waist.
They say there was never so many
new colors as this year. And. not only
are there many new colors from, which
to j pick", but there are many revived
tones. Among the shades which are
either new or revived are opal yellow,
pansy 'purple, orchid . purple and the
row dark "pink. These tones suggest
a gre"at deal fn the line of harmony.
Then there are the beautiful celery
greens, spinach green, lettuce green
and mignonette green. Of- the four
tints, one can hardly select the coolest
or the cleanest, for green has a curi
ously clean look 1 ! In linens, in duck,
in canvas and in madras It is lovely.
A shade that *is being considerably
exploited . is* rose heliotrope, and all
shades of rose are now brought out in
the popular fabrics.
In the cloth gowns, new pink is pop
ular for calling. And those who pre
fer something a little less startling can
wear gunpowder blue, or chamois
brotvn, smoke blue or mink. These
tones in cloth are very lady-like, as
is golden- brown, the fancy for which
amounts to a color furor.
Gowns are selected with so much care
this season that ' bne" expects to see
them worn without * a ~co8 *: yet the
separate coat was never qulte^as popu
lar. It is worn over shirt waists and
over full suits. ' More separate coats
are made this season than ever, before,
and no -matter what the gown, there
must be a coat that can be slipped over
it. The coat, far from matching. Is of
a contrast Ins color and material.
The separate "coats, whether three
quarter, half length or, reefer: whether
Eton" or postilion" coat., whether Louis
Qulnze. Dlrectoire or sack, whether
kimono, bolero or Monte Carlo, is mada
as dressy as possible. It is elegantly
lined, and, the lining is beautifully or
• nate with embroidery or bands or lace.
The coats are made with wide sleeves,
and can be numbered among the ex
travagant things of summer. wear.
aad put in as' required. With ibtfaid
one can have two or three- pairs' of
sleeves with' every gown and, if the
sleeves be planned on widely. different
lines, the gown wHl actually seem like
a new one. ' '¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦"•.•*
. "To work the .adjustable sleeve prop-,
crly the gown should be built -with the
very deep yoke falling well p'vjir the
shoulder and hiding: ' the shoulder
seam. . In this way the -buttons and
button holes which connect the sleeves
with "the. arm hole are invisible: '•' ' ,-:
i-i?x The Materials of Summer.
..The adjustable sleeve can • be worn
beautifully with the epaulette. This
epaulette, Which consists of a band of
cloth about four -inches wide, i's ap
plied to. -the. .wafsf beginning at the
neck. It extends down'. to. the shoul
der and "over the arm,- hanging down
'in a wide tag which -is' embroidered or
trimmed, ttlth btrUohs. .On the epau T
lette strap ,can be buttoned-, to -the top
"of the sleeve 'with a handsome button.-
Whlie- the shirt waist plays "an un'..
important part as "compared '"with-. tte
•sleeve " thereof,* still .'the waist '.itself
. must not be wholly, heglecte'dv : And.
indeed, upon. its material,' tlueslyre 'of
the sleeve deoends.. " Tn«re are shirt
waists, fhia, .year In a wid.e .variety of
materials anil colors, and after an ex-,
aralnation of the ".windows-., which
•fijiQW 'the new waists, one Is tempted', to
•believe Chat there is c ho mate'rlal what,
.ever which is not made up into shirt
waist' designs.. "• •...»*. *.-'*-" .. ;
¦The washable waists axe- lo.velV: in
cambric and. they • are . making very
useful and pretty ones oattjOf old fa«h
tened -calico, which cqsts ..but a sing
aod is very neat when tailored and -fin
ished in the new ways. • There com.e
-designs in calico at .6 and. 8 cents- a
yard which can be made up lntb.«hirt
waists for a' fractional sum. Four
yards will make a waist and. for- 25
cents, one can buy a set of shift .waist
studs to match the figures in the cal
ico, blue/ pink, brown, green or gun
metal. ...
• As for shirt wast suits,' there hr noth
ing neater than calico; and the girl
who will go to the trouhje of making
herself half a.*do.zen shirt waists will
.not regret the time and surely she will
" not regret the money, . for,- no better
showing could be made on the money
expended. .. ¦-. . . * • . ,: s * •
There are three o.r four, vital points
to be considered In* making these shirt
waist suits: The first is that they * be
tailored as to the seams. The : copy Js
beautifully set by the London tailor-,
made "suits, upon which the ;. EnsIIsh r
tailors worlj so faithfully. The setond
point Is the jit and the cars in making
the design match. The third-isthe fln
ishings, such as facings, button holes.
'•cuffs and collar. And the fourth is the
style, which should' be that of a "full
skirt and a modified blouse .with _ low,
shoulders, fuH sleeve, and dip* front
Beautiful Afternoon Gowns. „
Lovely shirt waists" and shirt waist
suits are built of lawn, mufl, nainsook.
batiste,* Madras,, linen, . .duck; cotton
goods of. all kinds and cheviots These
give a fine range as to weight, "and the
woman with a shirt 'waist of each,
with three skirts to /natch, will' go
through the summer season fairly well
equipped with afternoon gowns.
Still one must have a little more," for
* .
: : ; ok/TO!£M to. her sleeve, would' not
'. '. f-'\ •¦gut of tune -this .spring." ; . • •..' .
f~|U Her sleeve is made- In "a" -va- '
'.' \«- '][' .riety- cf "ways, the. majority :
[.':.' 'o ;" poetic." ."One stvle' of sleeve is'- cut -.
'.!r_-a- sreat ; square and^the material -Is
\}V.\- "chiffon.-, striped" goods,, .printed
rSfuit cv. Whetr*. Iawji.* This, -immense
feq&s&i lijriaJdvIa folds along-.two-of its
Xfi^.irnd-'^et.fnto'-the arrn..hole. -The"
¦T c -- U '.*r. i ? .*". *B**^ sWete- which " hands'
"f a r" ,-doivn .the • back' of hVr gown'. '.'. m • '
• ."'it" must ncUie- supposed that /the. an-'
jpkl tjeeve.'if5 ".for .evening -only, nor Is ft
•.d.^Eigned.f or.' Th^ decollete gown alone.'
Ori;the;corntr ; af> r: -it-is set. into* Afternoon ¦
dresses of.; flowery stuff' And*' is worn
.¦yf;th."arj jur/der.. 'sleeve- which is made
t.-^ht '-t«. -the wrist!- • \y ".. .*- .:•
• . But the anger 'sleeve is bj; no means,
the only variety of sleeve on the .dressy
order. ¦ There, is a sleeve which is called
the garland sleeve/" It .is made of 'thin •
laun. washable.- and is so very -.full at
the wrist as to reserrrble a pillow case.*
A tiny-garland .of flowers ; forms the
cuff and th«» flow'crs '.are continued .up
the sleeve to a point above, thje elbow,
where they extend around th» .arm,
making: a floral band.. *• " .-'•
You can scarcely go astray if you are
designing •; new 'sleeves, providing y.ou
make thp .sleeve . prett.y and
able, for .th •Tie w sleeves are both. .You
can take a sleeve and , slit At tip the
.back: -.Info this slit,, you tan. set a
"strip of . han'd'some lace.- And around
the wrist you can gather a" Seep faM'
of lace to. make: a lingerie, ctfff. Thfit
is a sieev«y which will be. greatly wdnfl
It Is cool and.-comfor±able-;foj midsum
mer wear. " . . ' . .-" - * .,/ *.
And there, are dther' fteeves. ' : The
sleeve' "which Is" made three times" as
long as the arm and is gathered.fuIV tip
the inside seam Is seen Ip aH the thin
stuffs. '.Then there Is' thesJeeve which
If -laid In tucks up the - Inner" seam..
Again there Is a sleeve which is slit"
upen along the inner sleeve, and allowed
to fall back to display a hahd«ome>un
dersleeve.
The leg o* mutton * sleeve is worn'
more than ever^ and women who did
not think they could wear a: wide
sleeve of this description are a'doptlng,
it for wear under the summer coat, of
which more shall be Jpld later*. ." •
Hie Sletne Comes First. :
In making" the gown do eot negleot"
the sleeve. It takes precedence In im
portance over all other parts m of .the
E^>wn, . and if th,e sleeve is. -not made
carefully, prettily and in most. cases
showily the gpwn is not a success.'
There are women ".whp Insist "upon
having thjeir eleeves designed for them,
«ad in a great many cases 'tbis is a
. g-ood plan. A woman wha is a little
too short -or a llttje too tall or. a littljj
cut of the ordinary in any way shouljl
have her sleeves designed in order that j
they may the better^ show iff her good
points. )Hf»B)|SWBEtol^gpp«
The tall, slsnderwoma'n possesses an
enormous advantage over' Jhe short ¦
woman. She can wear novelty sleeves,
of all kinds without fear <j£ shortening
her stature. The little woman, on the
other hand, must be careful* The baggy
sleeves, falling Just at -her waist line,
will make her seem very shprt, and if
tihe be a little full around" the hips they
will make her positively dumpy. *
The woman who is stout can* wear
tbe sleeves In which all the 'fullness
comes at the back of the arm.. If she
will slit her 'sleeves up the outside seam
and will set in a very wide,, frill of lace
as far. up as the elbow slj,e will have
something very nice. This deep frill set
in the outside seam has many advan
tages besides making the figure slim.
It is a' style that can be adapted to any'
old sleeve., and it is something' which
goes well with everything and m never
goes etit of style. * . '.,' " ' . *
¦ The matter of the adjustable sleeve
is one that should be considered by
every woman who loves flnw clothes.
This adjustment sleeve Is taken out
: B>. Augusta - PrescottI- ¦':
• it iVOlring" of beauty
a ml ' • a - co in fort . to the
WniiVli .who will study
ju'i; own peculiar style —
'SJifrt waists for after
rioous; an*d\ shirt waists
tfii- ¦ evenings; — ' The
slaves that arecut like
a coat sleeve and the
<!e<*ves that are flowing,
•bajriiipe,". angel, leg o'
mutton and 1830~How
to Ijiake and decorate a,
jKilr'of sleeves/:' ". * •.•"¦•"
gold wire casings are slipped over the
button and women who are handy with
; their ' fingers buying th e finest , kind
r of wlre~and 'twisting it into shape* and
slipping It over the buttons after they
have covered them. Canvas buttons,
all worked ] by hand. . are anothes fea
ture of .the button mold industry.
• Simultaneously : with the 1 decorative
sleeve comes the transparent yoke.
Yokes are made of lace, with stock
attached, and are hooked ardund th*
neck. J. They . can be removed at t.i.r
time.- The transparent yoke is mad*
of stiff : material and needs' no lining.'
If made of very fine lace ft can be
wired to keep it upright. PiecV'lace
makes a very good transparent necke'r
and it has • the advantage of washing
if made of the right stuffs.
The neckless - shirt waist Is almost
necessary with the transparent yoke,
and so comfortable is this neckless con
dition that one quite falls .In love with
the shirt waists that are made with
out stocks. . Th.ey -are finished "round
with a pretty plain stitched band of the
goods or with a piping. J.v
And wflh this there la a coral.red neck
er. Little touches of this sort make the
washable shirt waist* suit very chana
lng, particularly .»f it be. made at the
mulls, the lawns. * tbe btftlstes. the
linens or the cballles of the season*
• The, matter of tubable go-frna has
now been* compromised. Che shirt
waist suits are* made washable. .That
•Is. the ruffles are of tbe kind that can
be laundered and the skirts are so ar
ranged around the belt line that jfcey
can be ironed. And the same with th»
waist. *
Xcw Laces and Xcvr. Collars. .
But with the washable shirt waist
suit there is v.orn the wlde.folded gir
: die of bilk. And there is worn the wide
sUIc sailor collar, and there are the
deep silk cuffs, which can* be pulled on
at will, adjusted and fastened with
small pins. WKen thus finished the
suit has a certain dressy air whfch it
•would not otherwise have.
The popular laces include all the lves
that come from the looms. *:>r there Is
no such thins as an unfashionable lace.
Particularly , are' the"' novelty laces in
'.style, while the Valenciennes laces in
these revivial -days .are particularly
well Jlked. Little Val . ruffles are al»*
most a necessity with the thin gown.
The other laces much worn are AteKoa
and' Swiss laces. Irish laces are alw
seen in profusion, and if or dressy fcowns
•there Is an arrangement of black Cfcan
tllly. over which is set. cream gulpurs
with very telling effect. jdfc*£
Do you know the new colors? And.
have you made a study ofthsm? ; Jt
would be well worth your while. Ons
of the new colors Is ash gray, which fs
worn with. oyster gray and pearl gray.
All three are combined and made up
with. white, producing a really elegant
combination.
Havana brown, dgar brown and to
bacco brown are but variations of the
same, shade, of color,- and sealskin
brown is a brown with which one r*
familiar; though it -has not. been se.en
so much In late years. Mink colored
brdwn and chamois-skin ' brown • are
both very good shades, and there are
other browns on the btlrnt bread .and
the burnt biscuit orders which corneas
near being the height of style" as any- .
thins that can be worn. • •
What would "be called, a lovely cojor
in the linens .is celery green. It Is a
light green, and goes very well with
spinach green, which Is quite dark." The
tve colters together In Kaon malm »
• •• • •
THE 5 'SAN/ FRANCISCO,. SUNDAY CALL".
10
THE ROMANCE OF THE
SUMMER SLEEVE
"BY A HA1$*S
; Powerful Russian novel by Headon Hills •
. which a new insight into the maze
'.. . ; ., •¦; of intrigue and plot and counterplot '.'';. ••
• * ' through "which ;tHe Czar xairtie^'o^t His J
- . precarious exiateiice >C- & .^ : ,^».^ J.- > •/-•
BEGINS : IN NEXT SUNDAY GALLTO CURL THE HAIR (Jean).— Hair
that is »very oily Is difficult to keep In
curl ; by any me'thod/ It must first be
rendered soft and^ dry by thorough
shampooing; then It may 'be waved or
curled - quite - successfully unless the
BROWN EYES (Discolored. Skirt).—
Brown spots on the face that are caus
ed* from the use of a depilatory may.
be removed by applvlrig'the juiceof a
lemon r. to ,' the. spots. : . : Cut; a lemon., in
two and rub it over the. face, allowing
it to dry and ' remain there some time.
Answers to
Correspondents
AMUSING ; RESTLESS CHILDREN
(Tired '^Mother).— With hef multiplic
ity/ of duties a mother should not;at
' tempt to , plan and 'assist In playing
the games with her children. : Keeping
up ;a : series'- of entertainments for the
children may instruct them, - but' It will
also beget idle dependency, ahd selfish
ness. Provide the little . ones with
games and \ materials with which to
'amuset themselves v'and? In these ma
terials .try rand .stimulate; their:.inven
tive " powers and : bring out any ' talent
GOWNS SUITABLE FOR WED
DINGS (E.lderly Mother).— A handsomo
gown. for you to wear at the weddlns
of your daughter may be fashioned of
soft gray silk or voile, trimmed with,
rich lace of a deep cream color; vest
and lingerie sleeves of white chiffon,
with trimmings of cut steel beads and
tduches of violet and "black embroidery
on the bodice; or the embroidery may
be of black and white. The stylish
toque or bonnet shonld be of black
tulle, the rdge and crown embroidered
in. steel and Jet; black and white os
trich pompon and aigrette of paradise
plumes. If preferred the gown may be
of black ring dotted net, embroidered
with Jets and- worn over a lining of
white silk, preferably peau de sole. Th«
toque may be of black and white tul!%
jet ornaments, black and white tip*.
Delicate heliotrope silk, voile of one of
the new crepes with tf lmmlngs. of Ven
ice lace dyed to match; cream whit«
chiffon and inserted motifs of hel!«»
trope, cream, gold and black, are other
combinations- suggested which would
be entirely suitable. While the latest
fashion demands horizontal trimmings,
a woman Inclined to will
eschew this mode arid Insist largely
upon vertical.llnes, A skirt with a nar
row front panel, ' with s4d>; and back
gores plaited at the top. t ill be becom
ing. Outline the front par el and fox>t of
skjrt with a band of. trimming, also the
drop shoulder yoke antl narrow vest to
match or with set-In lace. Have a nar
.row crush girdle carefully boned and
closely fitted.
MIDSEASO.N WARDROBE RE
PAIRS (Edith). — Why so many
women believe . that-. midseason : and
shabblriess go hand in. hand I can
not imagine. TruB, a suit or hat
never looks its best at the close of the
season, yet it need" never appear bad
ly if its owner is willing to expend -a
few hours of time and a little money.
Take each suit and look it over crit
ically, brush and beat free from dust,
clean any spots, repair -frayed edges
and replace worn linings and hooks
and eyes that are missing. Then press
thoroughly. ¦ Street - suits require the
"pressing that 'only a skilled. tailor can.
do." . Fresh lingerie sleeves, new stocks
of the latest mode and a fresh belt or
gicdle. will achieve wonders in bringing
a suit up to date. Discard the shirt
waists that begin to look .passe and!
have a few new ones > of vesting, . fine
flannel or etamine' piped with ¦ silk.
Make them quite simple and they; will
be nice to wear, during late' spring *or
cool .summer days. Hats may be
freshened by- having the* plumes Fe-_
curled,' wings repaired ;or replaced by
fresh trimmings. A fine frame cani.be.
retrlmmed at . this : season .of f the year
for a mere trifle. 'Restore fine net veil
ings -.which 'have become stringy* by
sponging 1 them with a weak solution-'
jof > black •starch; 'pin 1 ' them' .out to f dry,"
keeplng- the edges-" perfectly straight.'
Above all "things -keep gloves .'and
ishoes in perfect order, -for economizing
on these item's Is fatal" to style or heat
ness.
IMPROVING A. WRINKLED SKIN
(M. H. D.).— The too vigo'rous use of
hot water,' soap and the., complexion
brush-" will soon "deprive the skin of
its-na'taral oil and cause it to. look
parched", wrinkled and '.coarse. "While
cleanliness is indispensable to health,
.it must not be o.verdone. Nature has
supplfed the skin, with innumerable
sebaceous glands, which are con-'
stantly throwing off oil to prevent the
very condition of which you complain;
as nature's supply has been impov
erished, you must resort to a -lubri-,
cant to restore the soft texture' of the
skin, v There is a vast difference be
tween hot and warm water for facial
treatment. The latter is essential to
cleanliness, but hot water should only
be used occasiopally, and then only'
when absolutely necessary. It is too
relaxing and roughening in its effects,
and wilt cause the face to "datch" the
powder, no matter how little is* used.
Never neglect to foliow the nightly
face bath with a cold.douch, to which
may be added a few drops of tincture
of -.benzoin to assist In toning up the
.skin.. .Dry the face "on a soft damask
towel,' and in future use the brush
only two or three times a week; It la
too harsh for^ frequent use at the pres
ent time. Obtain a reliable emollient
almond oil Is excellent— and use every
night after the face bath, rubbing It
in well.- A3 you do not needto build
out the face,; use only enough. ta make
the skin smooth, but not greasy. Wipe
away any surplus that your skin falls
to. absorb with a clean/toweL
COUNTRY (Cheap Jewelry)»-Don't
think for a moment of spending ' die
single penny for, imitation stones or.
cheap Jewelry., It is the height: of folly.-
You say you want' a pin "of some
•After ail, if you did but know It, it
•really isn't so much "the gown that
makes the well dressed woman as it
is the smart touches that go with it.
A handsome gown may be utterly,
ruined by ill fitting boots, but on the
other hand, a plafn' Inexpensive frock
may be entirely redeemed by a swagger
hat. dainty neck'wear, good boots and
gloves. So, Miladi, take warning. Look
to the accessories.
gay baby, width— and loop it .together
Carelessly until" tb,ere is* quite' a bunch
of: It. -Tie It in 'the center with a*. bit
of the- velvet and then cut "the loops
here .and there* Just whg re the scissors
chance to f alL That will \ Lsave • you
"with a flat white tie that is anything
• but smart "looking:. But don't worry
•as the finishing touches are the ones
that make it fit. Select the color that
best matches .the frock you intend
wearing It with and dot a baby bow
here and there Jn the streamers of t»e
white. Don'i try to plape them evenly,
but take care to see that they are
sprinkled about sufficiently to look
well. The crisp bits of color take
away the dull flat appearance— and the
dainty fluff is a charming accessory
to any gown-
LILY W. (To Bind a Hat) —If you
|^ ant something dainty and light buy
f{J h & d
. • J "
abouttheedgeofyour.bat. If you get
but enough Tor one : ruffle do not put
it on too heavily, as its own weigh.t will
cause it to sag and it will not be pretty,
but if you Intend putting in two, m^ke
the under- one full, but the second "one
rather scant.* However, if you want
a hat for service I should advise you
by all means to purchase a straw.. It
comes by the" yard and will answer
your purpose .nicely. It looks like a
smart ruffle . and .behaves beautifully
In the fos and rain. No, I most cer
tainly would not buy or make two
hats. Instead,- make one good black
one that will match - everything jiicely.
A black can .be worn at all. times, and
all places, and you need have no hesi
tancy about wearing it in the evening.
Far better one good, hat than a dozen
cheap ones, for one 'can tell them as
far as they can be seen*.'
• Of course, "the wire must be covered,
so if you are making a four-in-hand be
settled Vl f m. here to stay!' -droopu and it
ee'ehja to ha-n/j its" silken head for very
f ".' :."* • ; \ * '
i-. All .this 'fuss and feather lsnt at all
.'necessary. ' In fapt, hothip^r is essential
bui "a "spool of fi»e wir* and. scissors to
clip ."the .pn^ls when.''tbe*bow".is quite
finished: Measure ypur collar band and
eaten the ribbon, not quite in thecenter
but a .!Ittle to one shle.. Then pin it
firmly 'on either .stdei to the back of a
chais or "a table so that you may have
the Xree use .of both your hands. Bring
the ripbon back to the -front center,
arvd.tfeis in itself .leaves it doubled for
the -collar and o'pened at the. back. On
.eiUier. side make a small loop of the
ribbon, or. iwo if you want a "double
bow, but be sure to cross the bows sur
plice •fashion-.. F.or' Instance, the loop
that is 'made f rom. one piece of ribbon
should be crossed' to the opposite side.
All Ihisis done .without a single stitch
or clip, of the. scissors. But the stage
has been reached when Che ribbon must
be fastened and it should be wired firm
ly bx twisting. the_ slender silver thread
about the center of the. knpt once or
twice, and th'e -wire cut off as closely
as possible, *ox the short "ends always
seem -bent on .Investigating tbe world
and they never fail to db their best to
worry* or work* fheir way through the
Knot. ...*.•
If th* bow does not- auJte suit your
fancy, nov is the time to pull and twist
ijt, but' do. not make the mistake of
overdoing It er.'the fluff -fluff will dis
appear and jit is most difficult to coax
It back. \ . .'.:
GETTING .TIJE MOST FROM
SLEEP (H. L. M.j.— Cultivate th'e habit
of sleeping in. an attitikle which Is
heaKhy. It may seem absurd to sug
gest cultivating sv habit while asleep,
yet it can be done a'nd* the health'
greatly Improved "'thereby. One is of
ten really startled by the extraordinary
attitudes assqmea ' by small children
intheir sleep and yet the grown mem
bers of the family are" doing, the. same
foolish thing only in a 'modified de
gree. The extreme weariness felt by
many. persons upon getting out- of bed
In " the morning is often .largely due
to .the .-unnatural. position in which the
body reposed • during the • night; the
muscles have become strained and,
worse than all else, the -lungs have la
bored all night long without sufficient'
fresh air, 'the result being that the
blood is poisone'd by the gases and the
whole system . is debilitated. Beds
which are too<soft, springs which sag
and^topmany soft^pillows allhelp to
throw the body In an unnatural po
sition. Heavy quilts and overheated
rooms cause restlessness;* and conse
quent twisting of the body- in uncom
fortable positions. A room kept. at^ 75
or . 80 degrees at night is - much too
warm for health even if one is ac
customed" to this temperature, and you
wlilvn'' W enjoy refreshing sleep until
the P 56m' is^ kept much cooler and an
abundance of fresh.- air admitted dur
ing the night.
kind. Buy a silver one, or, better still,
a simple gold 'one.. ,a' horseshoe or
any plain design may- be. purchased for
two and a half or. three dollars, and
while it is simple it looks well, as it
don't pretend to . be .other than what
it- is, and It will look as well five years
from now 'as it does to T day.. Earrings
are worri, -to' be sure, but they are the
Jast thing" on earth' I-". would advise you
to buy. If you feel it an absolute neces
sity to have a ring .with- "a stone 'in- it
buy "a tprquoise, as it does not have
"imitation" lyritten all .over It, as the
majority of other stones do. Get it
rather small and set in gold and prob
ably- no- one will be- the wiser. .Belt
buckles arenot a .necessity these days
and, you. would- be wiser if you got one
pr two. 25-cent leather .Selts.. They are
much worn just at present and always
look neat and. Jaunty. 'If i" can help
you any more before you take your trip
do not hesitate to at'k .me. " » • "
they may possess. . In this progressive
age children receive too much ready
made knowledge; encourage them to
be self-reliant and by sympathy and
guidance show them how to do thl3
and that,- but do not do it for them:
Teach- them above all else that toy3
and «?arments must be put. away .in
an orderly manner. Taking the pos'i
tion tha.t this work is easier -to do
yourself or by the maid than, e'ducat-
Ing .the children along this line has
spc-Jled many characters- and made
many thoughtless and selfish., men and
women who should have been helpful
and a comfort in the home. To respect
the rights of others should "be incul
cated in every child's mind «is soon as
it ¦ can- understand. By systematic
methods and tact you can plan to per
forn home and social duties arid yet
leave a little time for rest.' By 'all
means manage to spend a certain hour,
each day In reading and story telling,
listening to the plans and hopes of the
little ones. The memory of this joyous
twilight . hour .will never fade from the
children's min.ds. «. : ~ •- r -."7- >
.mis .acid wfll do .no -harm an-l
at the : same time .is about as>
good a remedy as- can be found. You
neglected to state. what depilatory you
had used, so I am at' somewhat of a
loss to. 'know the real cause of the
blotches. However, if the lemon juice
doe's m ' act promptly try peroxide of
hydrogen. One teaspoonXul of am
monia to four of peroxide. . '
HEALTH FOR' MENTAL "WORK
ERS (Busy Women).— The. fact that
one's work is almost wholly" mental is
the more reason why the health, should
receive- the very best pt % care. It i3
i wily tQ say you haven't time, ¦ Na
ture will not endure half-way methods
indefinitely and poor mental efforts will
be the* result. To keep a healthy brain,
a healthy- b'ody made vigorous by cor
rect living is necessary. To over-eat
with too little exercise -in the endeavor
to, keep up is ;a good 'deal • like over
feeding \ an engine without removing
the ashes. It would soon be out of
business. Try the plan "here suggested
for a month* and I am certain you will
feel like a new woman. Rise a half
hour earlier than is now your habit,
take a quick, sponge bath, using tepid
water, and a good rub down with scru
pulous 'care as to the details of the
.toilet." Eat a simple nourishing: break
fast; no fried abominations, hot cakes
or syrup to incite dyspepsia and super
induce dull mental action. A brisk
walk of thre? or more blocks will bring
a glow to the cheeks,- and If deep
breathing is "practiced, all the better.
Fresh air witl do more than anything
elsa to ward off colds and tone up the
system. Dress sensibly in garments
that, are as light as is consistent with
proper warmth -and which will allow
proper freedom* There are' plenty of
smart sults*for business which embody
fhese 'points. At night walk a few:
blocks on the homeward Journey, for it
will be a relief after a day in an office.
Slip off all the clothing and rest for
hall an hour before dressing for din
ner. "Bathe -the face, brush and rear
range the- hair and put on a fresh
gow'n, and the dinner 'will be BO per
cent more enjoyable. •
subdued colors aje always to "be pre
ferred." "Unless one is very sure- of
one's own ability it is money Tyell In
vested to consult a decorator and Ob
tain <a scheme of cdlors for the guid
ance of -yourself and workmen before
beginning. any. work of this kind;*itheh
insist that all of the details be fol
lowed closely, for a little variation
here and there is likely to unset the
whole tcheme of harmony, no matter
how well planned it was in the be-'
ginning. However,. a*s you intend, to
spend such a* lib*eraV-'anv>unt as- you
mention, I would suggest that you em
play as experienced decorator to take
the. matter in cha'rge and employ his
own assistants. This will • save you
much annoyartce'and possibly .from.se-'
rious mistakes. " '•.. *- .
' HOME DECORATION • H1JNT3
(Mary). — When' selecting wall'- paper
and draperies- remember that the gen
eral-style of. the room, its exposure'
and connections with other rooms, -as
well" as wood work and any valuable
furnishings you may have on hand.,
;must all be taken' into consideration-
While a person may have excellent
taste it -does not follow that shft can
decorate an interior acceptably. withr
out a great deal of thought and a'well
formulated plan .as a basis. • It Is an
art that, requires much practfce» ',A
piece of paper or a* bit ot "carpet or
drapery may look anything but. desir
able -in. the strip 'and yet possess an
immense, amount "of style when cor
rectly placed: or the reverse may" be
the case Daintiljj' pretty colors which
appeal so strongly, to the amateur be
come tiresome in a short time; light
colors-must be exquisite in quality'and
be well .placed or they are likely to
have a*' tawdry .effect, accentuating
every false line of architecture. Dark. ,
or waving tor.gs test Derore applying
them to the hair. It paper is quickly
scorched the iron is too hot; a test
of two seconds without discoloring the
paper shows the iron i3 about right.
Never neglect t£ wipe .away any smoka
which may have accumulated on the
Iron .while heating; it -Is tliere, even
though you; cannot see it. A curling
fluid said to "be very etflcaclous in \ceep
ing'the hair in curl Is roadeaa follows:
To one pint of hot v.-jtte.r add one-half
ounce of TeflneS bc-rax" and onp dram
of gum arable. * When the Ingredlent3
are dissolved ddd two-iablespoonsful
of spirits of campfjor. Strain* through
fine muslin and bottle for use. Moisten
the .hair with tne fluid and roll up each,
lock on kid or paper curlers and leave
until perfectly dry.* . * -v <
; . rf i.n'iits'^jie; -..P,ut • b£ . -"a . .- h'undred
•tviortien a*i-m -thonls.efves with' sci's'sprs, a
tfclmb : !^"''.ap'd' jieefiie "aiM .thread. - Then
r 'th^y^.deMberate*y.' £it do\yn, cut;. up" the
: i*:o :\oi» three"., yar-d's . o.S •• ribbon, as .-the
• ca£e^r^i>v-:be,,.and .spend -the" b*es,f. part
/of -arf-TiQui'.-r.ewfng.- twisting and; put
iti'tig;.'.iii a'tid- taking" but; And the worst
;p;arV of It is 'thai; the*.finishcd* product
; is-ho-t '.a: thrngr of beaut >\ • Somehow or
.othrr.".'it; looks' "for the world an4 all
.'•!{&£". -'?i -.home-nrade; article. There Is
:JK»fte ; j6f-,.:ha( delicious criSpness, that
•iiv-eU:ay.' ; ioqk 'about it. that makes bows
'ad\-j&tjj£ .but instead "it has a sort of
fT^H>r trick of Aying.pretty bows is
'¦••I e.n -accomplishment that .any
*•> 1. may well be tft-oud of". To
'•J[ .I;? ".sure, it is a homely, art and
caje ihat* cannot very well be -paraded
before.^an admiring thron°g. At least,
.sire'tv-is- th'e caso i'n />ne sense o$ the
*yord : .- for I hoy .is. nothing «m*nsing or
¦pjsp^cj.a.'Jy-'.. i.nterestfRg £.t»out it; but
£ever£o*£Iess^<the dainty rose in your
h'.ii^-*fhi'uits.'il.sVbeauty every time you
: < : \ir."he"at:.: the soft',- shimmering
bb^ivatyy^ur. throat,- finishes and selts off
¦yaii.f . prjett y frock! "'and lo' and ¦ behold.
ihe'raddVdVkra.^? and-pretty flirty -man
rleKthitYeV>.Txie to e'very "svoman'wljo is
OonStjijufe' that she.'is tr«U* and ' becom
ing) y' ! {r??y.'ne"d is ."yours. -And all because
the it"i.oii', tif -Tas'hioning bits of "sati-n
aii& "silk? info graceful iolQs' Is *y* Hv*'
fin^rt?l>&... : :.-'^ "•'""••.'••• T ' -' •
hair should be damp. The repulsive
stringy appearance of oily hair can
e only be overcome by frequent .shamr
pooing. About once In two weeks is
usually sufficient, if combs and brushes
are kept clean by weekly washings. As
your hair is now oversupplied with
the natural oil, tonics are quite un
necessary. A little pure bay rum. two .
parts to one part of water, rubbed into
the scalp and used to moisten the hair,
•will assist In keeping it dry and in a
healthy condition. Very hot curling
Irons are extremely injurious, giving
the hair a lifeless look even if not
burning it When using the curling
Qr 0- many 'and so varied arQ.
>^\ the • little * .peiirtexities
tr that enter, into -almost
every " wojrnan's : life without
finding satisfactory solution.,
and so'maitf and so unusual
are the \letters.fliat. are "con
stant 1 v being-- received; ireiii
ifromen -tylio cannot -find Tan
an$\\ l (?V;t6. their Questions' in
any other way. that The Sun
day;. Call has esUibli sited this
page' devotetlentirely itndtjx
clns.heljV* to "What Woiiren
JVaij.t.to Know," edited" ;by
jladjre-Moqre.
'iliinf every trial or tribula
-lioiV M the- mind and heart
cakiKVjMnired out in the full
cfHiselo.ii sness that it will re
rdjver serious consideration
;^e%rv question of fact or
Jff&imj,.of the .home -and all
ties and tasks,
f^Sfhe.-iiiiier sanctufiry of a
¦%o"!n;yi*s life, finds ready so-
Iftffou. ladies, this page isall
£®i\T very own. What would
}: ••Please address fiH.comnm
liieittions to -Madji'e. 3foore.
•editor .•'What Women Want
:<o.Kiiow." Sunday Call, San
Francisco.. . • "
sure to take the piece of ribbon that is
'•shortest and that will eventually be on
top and slip it up the back,* and tie it
.exactly as' you would a four-in-hand.
Then, if you are a model o/ neatqess,
you ¦will, take jtwo or three* stitches, so
• that the collar and bo'w will 6 be held
firmly together; >ut if you are In a'
hurry, apin* cunningly tucked between
the folds, will serve the purpose quite
*as well and will remain in its plac«» a
surprising length of time. — nd then it
is .quite ready to put on for the world
«nd all as you would, put any ordinary
• collar on. It pins securely up the back
and never fails to look sweet and*
pretty. Besides this, this ready-to.- wear
bow is such a comfort, for when one is
in a tourry. nine times out cf ten every
finger turns into a bungling thumb, and
the refractory collar results in a dozen
pin pricks and a decidedly ruffled tem
per. " Not so with this bow. It reposes
serenely in. the drawer and may be
donrred or doffed at a minute's notice.
Bu.t don't labor under the misappre
hension that but one bow may be tied
in this way. The simple, old styled bow
knet is fashioned lust about the same
way, the main difference being in the
measurements, so that the ends will be
of uniform length.
Arfother charming conceit in the line
of neckwear is a fall of velvet ribbons
that is fastened- at the throai, but it is
worn with a lace collar, a» It is not
complete within itself. • •
Buy a roll of narrow white velvet—
THE.SAN -FRANCISCO SUNDAY -XALL..
WHAT WOMEN
WANT TO KNOW
11Bishop of the Methodist •
; Episcopal Church
THE State'has the. right ..«xk insist
on certain essentials ~- certain
religious essentials— in " educa
tion. Such,' for instance, as
tr uthf ulness, '- honesty, morality,
a*nd I * might ' go* on and enumerate
Pastor of St Pauliii? Church
{ -fT-Y* "\. Hn « E I - do no ' Presunferto
\i\'J epeak for* the*. Lutheran
V as .-a w,bole."-Eaid
. ' ¦ Rev. G. a! Bernthal, pas
tor oS St Raul us Church; on the corner
of Eddy, and Gough' # streets, "as that
could. only be done* by a;ponfef ence* of
the whole church, I may "say that per
sonally I would not- favor receiving
ByRt. Rev; JohnW.
Hamilton.
Rev. G. A. BeriitWal
/^f PEAKING for myself, I feel
>O^ that all fair-minded citizens
r^ must recognize that the question
4^ "of the relation of our public
school system to religious Instruction
is one of our most serious national
problems. Without suggesting a key
to that problem, for. I believe It can-,
not be done -In an offhand way, I ven
ture to think that any attempt to solve
It by. any sort of pro rata appropria
tions from the State to our various re
lipious bodies, any equaMons with all
the unknown quantities that no\ild be
added by encouraging ay our religious
bodies to figure on their own black
boards, so to speak, for their own
shares, would so long as -\ o are hu
man, thicken the problem a thousand
fold.
Bishop Episcopal Diocese of
California ' '
By Rt, Rev. William
Nichols, D. D.
Last Sunday; there" * ap- '
peared. in this .magazine
an article . \mtten by
Archbishop George Mont
gomery, coadjutor of Sari
Francisco, describing the
Catholic plan for the join
ing of church and state in"
the public sthtfols, 'which
created such wide discus-,
sion that the following
commentaries have Jbeen
received from tfifcee prom
inent divines of different
denominations:'' .. •- ••
Is always In every Lutheran, congre
gation some. members' who desire -that
th'eir children should be educated in
church- schools apd under church
auspices; for those persons the parish
schools arc maintained. But it is sim
ply T the- view ot the Individual, the
church has nothing t-o say on* the sub
ject. • ¦ *' . . •
'"No, I da not think it would be wise
fo have any connection between the
parish schools and the State. It would
be impossible to make It appear as any
thing but the support of a religious
Bystem by the State and that we would
avoid. ' If any denomination or class
want special schools they should be
perfectly free to establish them, but
they should be obliged to maintain
them themselves out' of their own
pockets. That Is my view of, the
matter, , but .as I. said before I am
only speaking for myself 'and not for
¦the church/ which is only what a con
ference Is competent to do."
«*>£' support at aH Xrom the State for
cur;schobls. tt'jvve received' any n\oftey*
•fro'fn th'e State* we would be" obliged..
an<). rightly,- to allow the; State to inter
fere.wjth the management of our schools
more or le?.«j. It the State helped' to
support' them, it' would have a right
tp direct what books we used, for in
stance.. We b*ve a school connected
wtth Stj Paulu's Church, It has.abPut
seventy '-pupils; and we use, as a matter
of fa.ct K the State textbooks, but we
are free to use any others that we may
see -fit.- We are free "to engage any
teachers that we may choose and to
regulate the school exactly' as we may
.prefer aad as. seems to ' us best. , .'if
we" received State aid that would be
impossible, and I very much fear that
sooner pr' later there would be a con T
flict between church and state over
the -management of th'e schoojs, which
would.De 'deplorable. I think it better
to keep "them entirely separate.
* "The 'Lutheran church does ndt ob
ject \o ttie p'resent public school system,
in fact/irfy own children attend the pub
lic schools fox some part of. their educa
tion. -We have a' large . Sunday school
' class and • believe tha.t the greatest
part . o/ church education should be
done jthere s " Ever/ year .we' have a
large, confirmation class, and. a vast
majority of the class have nevec at
tended the* parochial . school. We .had
some forty fcuplls in. our last coriflcma
. tlon class • and out of "that number 1 1
do not " think to exceed three had at
tended our parochial school. -
" VTe keep up the school because there
who come here to entertain anarchical
ideas, and ' punishes them for en
tertaining them. That may seem ex
treme legislation, but the pon
tinual murders of eminent men made
extreme measures necessary. ChildrWi
must be taught, therefore, that an
archy is wrong; the good of the state
demands that they.be so taught.' But
having taught them the generaf^prin
ciples, of morality, the state must not
go further and teach them any special
doctrines of religion or contribute 'to
such sectarian teachings. This Is a
country of majorities, ahd where ma
jorities rule. . In some countries sys
tems are devised! where, the majority
is represented, and some such schemes
are being discussed in the United
States, but to-day it is a country where
the majority rules, and the minority
must abide by the decision of the ma
jority, or. else leave the • country, or
convert the majority, to its way of
thinking until the .minority becomes a
majority. If. we •were, to 'allow the
Roman Catholics, or the Episcopalia'ns,
or the Methodists to control education
the rest -of the . community would ob-
Jeot through fear that its rights would
not be respected and that it would not
be managed as they thought it ought
.to be. If a man desires some more re
ligious system of education than that
offered 'by the state, he should be free
.to t give ¦ his children any other educa
tion he desires, whether he be an ag
nostic, * a Roman Catholic or a Meth
odist, provided it -does not interfere
with; the well being of the state; but
he should pay for what he desires, and
not ask the" -majority to pay for what
he, the minority,. wants. . .'..-
The Methodist church ; . , has always
' held that -any system of; state aid'to
a minority of the. community in edu-
bias to the 'education which would
savor, of state control by the church.
The Meihodlst cllurch would' favor
some change in the present system by
•which a general ethical basis could b*
B . e ,? Ur t d for a '^"er" state education.
All the laws of the state, including
organic and statutory; now rest upon
the Christian claim/ ana there' would
bo no more partiality in such direction
of the schools than In such direction of
the legislative. Judicial and executive
departments of the Government.
catUnal matters .was impracticable and
would only tend to disorder. Natur
ally the Roman Cathollo and Episco
palian churches, which are In Europe
state churches, would like to see the
state * aid their efforts, but I do not
think It could be done fairly and equit
ably unless only the Roman Catholics
were taxed to support Roman Cathollo
schools, the Methodists to support
Methodist schools and so on through
the whole list of denominations and
sects. That, of*" course, would be an
impossible system in a " country like
this with seventy-five or a hundred dif
ferent denominations all . possessing
equal rights. What tax gatherer could
find the. respective creeds and how
about the people who have no. creeds?
It would cause endless trouble and con
flicts, so the only practical way would
seem to be to devise some general ethi
cal and exen plary system, and let the
state maintain schools in which the
general principles of honesty, truthful
ness and morality are taught: then
those who want anything more are free
to go down in .their pockets and estab
lish schools such as they prefer.
I do not think any system of state
inspection or examinations to determine
if the pupils of a given stcturlan school
are -entitled to receive state aid Is prac
tical either. Something more than oc
casional inspection: is needed or an ex
amination. The schools aided and sup
ported by the state should be under its
own jcontrol and supervision at all
times. The state should be responsible
for 'their management- and direction
and should have no divided authority
with ; any one' or other sect In their
management. To entrust the total edu
cation of thechild to sects under som»
state inspection would be to give a
a. Jong list of them, all based on re
ligiem; for religion and morality cannot
be separated*. .It Is useless to talk of
morality without religion.' It Is true,
of course, that some persons endeavor
to maintain that, 'morality is the result
of -human experience, that it is not
connected with Christianity and that it
arises simply from the result of. hu
man observations during the centuries;
but the latest and best philosophy
maintains no .such theory now, and if
any philosophy may presume to do so,
it is in the face of the teachings of
all hlctory. Pagan countries have the
same .human experiences as we have,
yet they lack : the same high moral
standards. England and the United
States are essentially Christian coun
tries. ' Chri«t!nnity has been the key
note of American progress ever since
the Pilgrims landed " and it is the
guiding principle of the republic. The
state,' i therefore, has the right to de
mand that all education should' be es
sentially ethical as good citizenship
must be moral, that the child be
brought up to respect and practice the
virtues without which it is Impossible
that the country should progress and
prosper. It does not matter what, the
parents' faith may be, the Interests of
the state demand that the child should
be taught to observe the general prin
ciples of truth and righteousness ; not
only. for his own good, but. in order to
conserve the welfare of .the community.
Although we have freedom of religion
and freedom of thought in the -United
States, yet we find it ; essential ¦ to i the
well being of the state to limit- liberty
to llpense and bring, it' within certain
moral limits; .thus .we have legislated to
prohibit anarchists from! coming to this
country, and the law even forbids those
SHOULD CHURCH OR STATE CONTROL PUBLIC SCHOOLS
for" the first, year or Inspection- there
were .but 3303 cases and 797 deaths, a
decrea.se in cases " of- 628, with 46
f e.wep deaths. • -.From January to May;
150.0, 170 cas.es of this "disease, were
found in the -schools* of Chicago,
w.hilij 1 for the year ending June 30,
1901, 193 cases were idund, .surely
enough, to indicate 'to any- thinking
mind t^at this is a serious problem- In'
preventive- medicine. • - •' •
While scarlet fever Is not near'as
frequent as diphtheria, yet' In the
last census year it was the cause' of
6333 deaths, while in those Who. re
cover It is the most frequent' cause
of suppurative otitls and its sequelae
may be seen wherever any consider-,
able group of children are gathered
together. While' in comparison with
other affections its t numbers in the
school seem small, yet on account of.
its extreme virulency each case tx'.sts
as a serious focus -of contagion tnd
represents thre basis of a formidable
epidemic. Yet such cases Have been
found in school — 30'6 were discovered
in Chicago, while a comparison of the
census year 1300 there" \ye.r.e 1&-47.E:
deaths from, this? "disease ."alone, the",
g-r.eat majority.' being .- ci-iildj'en' .of
school «ge, while, the. number of .cases'
it fs impossible :to determine, although;
they w.ere. undoubtedly over. l-O.G.tftJO.
.Xq disea-se' is more, dreaded .iti tho
h«me and in the stjiool. than" diph
theria, yet it lies in the power of
those in authority to greatly diminish
the mortality rate and also > to -de
crease .the "-number of cases by e adding,
in addition to o.tlier sanitary measures"
corrimonly In force, the met|ica"l in-:
spection of. schools, 'so that incipient
cases will be detected and early treat
.m.ent, especially the .aUmlnislnation of
ah.titoxin. will greatly reduce the mor-"
talltyj at th(5 same time also diminish
ing the tendency to" the infection of
"others.. That diphtheria iir recogniz
able stages is comparatively. common
In. theschools can'readily be shoVenby
-the cases foun"d theVe. " During..- four
mpnths in Chicago 1*17 -"a^es-pf diph^
tHeria were- located, and; as the result
of 'this, wo'rk 'the statistics* of dlp\h'
theria- for th-e' ywir preceding -medical
irrepect'ion ahd-. the*- first year df its
•operation suggest ai^Hmportanf lesson.
During 18 9.9,. the year preceding medi
cal inspection,, there were 3931, cases
of diphtheria .wfth S« # 3 deathp," while
¦ It is a. pleasure for me to --say that
the present Board of Health do not
represent a political body, and while
they are most grateful to Mayor
Scnxnltz for -the unstinted confidence
that -he has rested with them, they.
are bound to no creed other' than the
upbuilding of a stronger city, and a'
better community through. the intro
duction of. wholesome and modern
sanitary Ideas. We -.believe- that you
will undertake and perform your part
In the. creation of a better San Fran
clsco through the various* means sug
gested for- school . Inspection, whicii
ulthnatelv. will lead to a larger- arid
healthier community^
"Quite suggestive Jfroiri 'jhe-'ecenorftTc.
aspect is the relation. be.tWee a medicgi; 1
inspection. and the extent of losses" idyfc
to preventable ill-health apd : deatts*.
There can be no- ga ! iasay.liig;'{thkt :
preventive .'medicine . a.dds". Vastly- <&;
national wealth; both in the saying "of
life with' Its earning capacity' ajid tn.e.- v
lessened cost of fighting' disease,: asi'
preventive measures ' become' -more"
generally adopted and tha results; ber
come more apparent. While a 'low
estimate .of. the value of a human life
would be $1000, yet. should cnephalf
this sum be taken' for such purposes,
the saving of lives by properly. exer- :
dsed medical inspection ' alone would
be the' means of placing a vast.sun
to the credit account -of the- natlea.
Like other measures -which have, a
direct bearing upon the prevention
and transmission of disease, objec
tions have from time to time been
offered, but in- the light of its suc
cessful operation have been found .to
be groundless. • \ ' •;
wen Bear copying elsewhere. -It con
sists, essentially as a result of the law
passed several years." -ago t,hat "th^re
shall be taught In every year, inevery
public school in Michigan, the princir
pal modes by which each of the dan
gerous communicable " -diseases . is
spread and tha best .methods for. th«
restriction and prevention of each
such diseases." . The State Board of
Health sehds, annually", to eaeh Public
School Superintendent and teacher in
the State such printed,- Information -.'as
will, enable them to comply with .the'
instructions of this wise. law. •"• Such
a valuable measure in -connection with"
medical inspection as here advocated
¦would, without the least doubt, bo;, the
means of. preserving many lives' which,
are annually lost for the want of sncla:
measures, without considering* -.the:
enormous financial gains to the State..'.
Any measure that will preserve; tlw>.
resisting power of the Individual;
against disease la essentially base4 ;
upon as sound a principle of prevent,
•tlan.as "Is\that which for the sam?;
reason' endeavors- to keep: -away ."• djs' r ,
case' from. the Individual. by ."pre'vejiti*
ing him coming intp contact, '^rftlk
cases of that particular" affection;-The
tendency of the school leads ¦ tn-ftianY"
Instances to. tho physical <3ete"ri6ratio;iv
of the pupil, and ' while redUcatOrsVan;!:
sanitarians have been-. ar.ji".-are ; -44oih5
much to make the scho.til • suitrbundk
ings as near ideal as. possible,; thla' fac.-;
tor . of physical .deferioratiQri.' -with.: \is.
necessarily added risk, of lowiefiiig:^*-';
slstance, still' remains, a -force to. b<^
combated.-'; ... <W' ..>li" ." •.¦•.•.'•"" •'.¦¦¦:'•
lumber of casesfor the -years precea-
Ing and following Inspection- showed a
decrease of 2325. cases., with £07 fewer
deaths "following-the first year of dn
spection. The danger from this dis
ease-in- the' schools is dependent to A
great extent u'po.n those . pupils who
have .returned beforfe desquamation
has been, completed. Such casts, how
ever, -should Jt>e detected by the .in
spector and immediately- returned to .
quarantine, no case of. scarlet fever,
under, any circumstances, being al- .
lowed to r&turn until, desquamation
has entirely ceased. : ?-. -'• "
Measles, chicken-pox' and whopping 1
coug'h are all considered by. the. laity
to be of little moment and as a result
It is of daily occurrence to find chii- r
dren -with these diseases regularly at- .
tending school. This -is '¦especially ao
in measles and chicken-pox, wheretha
eruption is slight and not detected on
casual cxaminatiorij. while In "whooping
cough, *° where the.- . spasmodic .out
bursts .-are Inire^uent, the child is kept '
at school until he has a paroxysm in
.the .classroom; .which usually, leads to
his .'dejection. Many health boards
do not officially recognize- these dis- •
eases, although measles and whi>opins
cough-.are responsible J . annually .: for
12,866 and 9?5'& -deaths • respectively,
a "greater mortality in • each instance
than from scarlet- fever. . These three
affections undoubtedly form a large
majority of the acute communicable
diseases found' in the .-school and the
first two should receive sufficient re
spect from the authoViti.es, both health
and educational, to prevont the annual
outbreaks Which are initiated a fev
.weeks 'after the'- beginning of each
• term : of "school.. That these diseases
; are prevaleht- ana. attend school. dally
• can 'readily' be seen by the following
figures".- " In Boston in 1895 there „ were
¦found cases' of chicken-pox, 116 of
measles and 33.- of whooping cough ;
•while for 1900,' 121 cases of measles,
1.0'S"-,of chicken-po-i and 62 of whoop
fng cough- were excluded by thein
¦spectors. In New York Oft? in two
Weeks six cases* • of measles, four of
whooping cough and 23 of chicken
.'po.x were found, both measles and
chicken-pox being recognized as con
tagious diseases .by the Board of
•'Health, "quarantined- accordingly, and
are not allowed td return until recov
ery hasensued and the premises have
been disinfected. • ' .' ;.~f
So few cases of tuberculosis, espi
cialry'the pulmonary form,, have been
"found, that for practical purposes lit
tle -attention need be given It here.
In. carrying out the ideas embodied
.in a system of. medical inspection of
schools, the relation of the individual
scholar to the means employed for his
education are : considered as bearing
•upon the physical welfare, and to .ob
-.taln.the .best results from the educa
. tibnal point of view the physical
strength of the Individual as regards
his routine work must be taken into
consideration. In the majority of .pub
lic schools little or no efforts are made
to gjye instructions toward conserving
haa-ith and detecting the early stages
of the common and often fatal dis
eases-. " Michigan! has, however, recbg-.
nized the necessity for this measure
and the so-called "Michigan Idea" will
. The triple question, -Does\medk:al tn^
¦pection. act as "a ' check upon, the
epreadof contagiqus;diseases? Does:-lt
protect against-. .. epidemics • ".- arising"
among school'. children? - Does f V jpro
vent the': Infection .of others? can' be
answered' in- the.- ailflrniatfi'e •" by -.the
statement made fn ; ithe-'repprt "jiist
quoted, that -in. one. yea'r-6217 cacses. of
contagious" dlceaaes ' were detected find
excluded.. In; "other words", iri .but one
city— ChicagOT-5217 cases of "• epidemics
were detected.'and" rendered ineffectual
I cr harm.' .' The Commissioner . of.
Health, of ' Milwaukee fetites that It -Is
hardly possible to estimate, the amount
of good that has been, accomplished -in
eliminating cases'. that ,trere;in ah-th.-'.
' •"•^fjGUilAiV''?JTid -daily /systematic .
W tne'dicfl fXaii'uhation-.by tne-phy
r\'..Eicfan.'.is.va demand made 'By the
'. .¦-X modem. V*cogHition of preventive
niedicine\ard its full significance *is be
coming -more' apparent.^ Medical, in
spection, means : that* the .pupil and not
only.'- the -educational- rystem* is- being
considcr^a".. [ a nd * the ."otoerts. e.mbraee
a ti\-o.foid"m€ascr*e — fis^t-, to reveal and
correct' [unsanitary*- conditions' existing
, in.fljeV^ch? 0 * which mas;" -act -as pre
dirpf>isins;.o*r exciting causes of. disease;
and. second Iv. it?' functions- are to'de
- iect'jdiseases • and"' especially. . thtfse of^
w»n£agft>uV«, . or. .'infectious character.*
That .iheiTxperiehre' of "those familiar
1 -w itft t.his:_ subject 'h'as-.be'en unanimous
fix .exvcJling-'its. \ajue", "no.t.only in im
.prnvirig * t Ji>. -hy.gi.£nic, of
ine schjiJfjK'-nijd.'vb.uf fit detectihg-.rnany
disea£es'.\vhk h.' Tiad /otherwise- remained
uqd.et'cc^d.r ahd' especially.' !in"- : l6cating
«'arly/c.ases-Jif /djplit"heri'a,-etc.'-,.-.ce.ftain.r
¦jy.'implieji' : ':tiiaf ji% : (deserves -the - great; j 1
c^4^e^t^^sV^'e|,-'t^a^;«4.nfv«ct^'£C
.Ehows-iis^-I]f,;,alo3i^ ;nuft?«rpujsii|ies.Va'f7.
.'fee'tinfe- Jfhe ;;condi.trori -not Vprrily '.of :"rhe\
v cbiiil:, bkjt; :: £fs<r~':-Qt- \ "-. the. ';"t«acher,v'tHe'
p.arentsV^pd-tHe; Gca$inwj$^j&$>&i£fi
fjn'-t'heVfed^catioriof -chjiaren-knd
.ciaily: tielr.:par^nlS :te. ".mat-te.ra :jr«&tmg : .
~lp '.nejrS'pnal . •. a n d -,-: h'orae, ¦'. h y glenfe> ::k nil it ;
' haS5- ; diiif £*teci ¦ the. :^t<entiyn 01 ; Health? i.nd''
1 : boards -to imp'r^|P<?meiitsapd. re,- .
"f-ofrns"r ; ;hit:n 'btfc.re;ha4-noV aitr'ac'tea
ri^letilari.. a*£j&£^ S/J/IU/' ?*£ ;t;$<S
- iAJt : :'-'; ; thjp '. ai-n>; of .'an-- education' •.must •
eW'r.'b.e the jifleveicfiment {of the. fullest •
elcal.;llfe : of ' TihiQb thfe^paijcticuiarl'Indi
cectainh^-!'.a.sd c^aflngj for" those ' . riot,
ablje-^lo ';o6Ttie ; up- jti». Vtiieij npfmal • must'
al*b-JU.e ¦.B.er'rbiisly .cionsid^red. ' Again, the j
. medi.cal -ihsbector Kmay ,;J>e\ of j -yalue : ;iri;'
i*ff* i^^y|-'^#^'t^f t**.*f^'' ; '.*-4'pir<fet|V | e >^? jfe ¦-¦a:..;
greater ihan; tti 1 ? ••ail6^-'--,thehi--to
.remain.'in.-.a .large • ti"a$s.fvi.;ith Uhe'pthcf-.
pupil's 'aiid. -the.'.' _ results. /.Qi-.^e^r.e'gati.n'g
this .<;lass Vof^indiyWu^s
if qiay be, • a rd rriost .cricp.ttrag;iiiK.| . To >
limftei, '.cxierx-Vtliis "''.h&jS: ..eiJrcady. jSeen |
done, 'iii-' 'PMyaJicibtii^; .andC' aS /i^riesulf :
the .BchqVa./roirvbackw'aTd-: th|Jdrefn::b.aS'
developer!; . '.yJ.hTcii-; ••has;, been ."qf..: great:.
value ' .in. : . cdiicating- .these •ihdiyfd.fiais,
viho-have. h>te£of &re" remaioe'd ; .jri;.?-ta|L ; U.;
quo in the; regular iJubJicschopU. Med-. ;
ical 'ihsDection- has .a Ifea-dy . fn 'tire t<evr
year^.oT; : iis.jexiE.tenc.e ; done, rhtich -Tor
this ¦•'small/ but .'.constantly [-increasing ¦
rtou'p.' o'f- unfortunates,; to M-ho'm. the
State owes an 'education,, but tlhoJ'ariS
.individually-'- 5 ricapable^ 'jjf receiving- it .
vth'eh, placed iri.clpse ccimpetltionl-witH
the • normal -.chi-ld.- *The - q'uegtfon of .
hanfillngr these defectives is a. serio'us/
and; a ldrge' -one-,' "and 'exeept- for. their
detection in the- s.chool- and.re'commen- :
datlori to theft- 'parents and tea'chers : . as'
to.irhat should be -done for them; bear's •<
no close relation 1 to .medical- inspection*
V^r_ se.' -..'•• • *: '" .;.'. ' - "• •
•. -Practically, of jttte. contagious, dis
eases .-.diphthjeriba 'is' the. most ¦serfous
ofne frequently encountered- and is: re
sponsible'- for . iriany deaths among-'
children of school «ge, .During the
• "Exceedingly . favorable/ results have
jbeeji -qbViin»d ,-in* detecting infectious
/diseases., in the homes of school chil
'dreri and thereby preventing its- en
trance intd the school, by having the
.teacher. .report . to the inspector all
children who have been absent from
for "four* or' more consecutive
days, or- children who have, been ab
sent on- account pf illness, but who'
.:'-ife--.uhab-le to state th'e nature of the
Hm'e'ss on. their "return to school. In
¦the". first -class, the inspector on receiv
ing ' the report of absence, ascertains
at the home of the child- the nature
-of . Ihft' illness and if it is contagious
.enforces the usual rules in regard to
quarSruine/ or in States where com
pulsory, educational laws are in force
the. truant ofRcer visits the home to
detertnine the. cause of absence from"
.sc'hqol ajid-'in-case'o.f illness reports
the facts,, whert th'e "school inspector
proceeds- as mentioned. Evide'nce has
accumulated.. to sho\y that' this' has
'•been. of -considerable value in elimin
ating such diseases-and in -nearly .every
;p"la.ce where, such measures -have been
enforced epidemics have been prevent
ed 1 . fhoYn gaining -a fo'othold. .' In the
j case-, of those returning to school after
..Sirness,. # the-.. problem "is a .little inbre
'difficu.lt, as many children return after
diffhtherfa w"i.th.the." Kle'bs-Loffler
ba^ei hi. -still ' ton their' mucous : mem
•bra.iies,'. or. after .measles while fS" f
.'.capable.. ofVedmmunicaUng it to others 1 ,
and [after' scarlet fever before ' des
xju&mation has ceased. . Where quar
antine laws are rigidly enforced sjich
"dangers are .reduced •' to .a' minimum,
• bat still a small number"- of children
return 'before all .danger has. passed,
.\ChiTe' where such "laws are lax, espe
cially in rural. '•districts', the dangers of
propagating' the . diseases . mentioned
are correspondingly enhanced: Where
the medical inspector apta as an agent,
of the Health Board it becomes .his
¦du'ty to examine the -cHild- or certify
to a negative culture if possible • in
cases of diphtheria, and until he has
certified that all danger of infecting
others has eease^ to exist the child
should not • be allowed* to return to
school, -while .the ohlldYen. who" have!
.returned" after unknown. illness should
not be allowed to enter .the cYassfoom"
until It has b.een" definitely -ascertained
that they or ".arty prte in' their' family
hiaue' 'not suffered from a* jcommuni-"
cable disease, or.ln case sweh-is found*
to have "existed; the proper precaution*
should' be 'enforced 'ontil' the.LnSpector
has- decjde'd that, it is.-' perfectly -6afe.
• . factions stage and thus placing them
in quarantine and under proper medi
cal supervision. As an aid in discov
ering: the source of an epidemic, or en
demic of these diseases, this system
presents somewhat unique features, as
the cases are discovered much earlier
than tlu-y have been without it, and
by tabulating: the cases found it can be
seen, in what locality they are most
numerous, thus following the disease
to its 'original source. Medical inspec
tion iinds Its e?pecial field not so
¦ much in being able "to keep the sur
roundings such that * disease ia kept
out of the school, but by detecting and
removing individuals with communi
cate diseases, which act as a focus
of infect icn bv bringing the disease
. ftotn the home or street. Another fac
;tnr whirl] determines the dissemination
.of eommuYucable .diseases is the ne
. cessity of bringing the pupils into close
\ctratact with a comparatively small
.¦ ppace." • " . ¦':*'
THE SAN; FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALC.
TIMELY TOPICS OF THE WORLD
NECESSITY
OF
SCHOOL
INSPECTION
12the cushions in his new office chair
was. to show the board of directors
how they cj»u,ld double the stotk» of
the company and leave the Outsiders
kicking their heels at .the post When
it came to voting. In consequence
•f this Napoleonic maneuver Snooks
was able to gather until himself a
large quantity of the stock at an ab
surdly low rate and buy a. house for
his wife with the first installment of
dividends.
All this time .James Henry was
struggling along with one eye on .his
battered old'^copybook a«d the other
on the monthly remembrances from
the butcher "and the baker. There
were a Mrs. James Henry and several
little James Henrys now, and between
the" cares of this world and his anxie
ties for the next James Henry had ac
quired a large bald snot and a stoop
in his shoulders. Ha was now first
bill clerk in the overall house and his
salary was almost as much as Snooks
spent on cab fare and violets in a
week.
This sad story of real life la.not un
folded with a view to shaking the
faith of the young men of this land
in the validity of "the maxims on
which they have been reared. The
maxims are all right -in their place,
but they won't support a family with
out assistance." The trouble with
James Henry, as he was forced to
confess on his deathbed, was that he
had not discovered until it was too
late that while early to bed and early
to rise may make a man healthy,
wealthy and wise, it Is usually some
other man.
(Copyright. 1903. by Albert Britt."V
knew- a game tha*. was wor"th at least
•tw.o'of James Henry's. • His first "en
gagement was with "a railroad office,
•where he was .paid a 'modest, retiring
sum for checking. up bili3 of lading
and. explaining to indignant shlftpern
why *it v.-asutterry IrTiposslble to de
liver, their shingle nails and- canned
tomatoes" until at least three weeks
had elapsed after the date of ship
ment. He was -so successful In this
line that he was soon advanced to the
office of the general manager, where
he sat at the outer door and told men
with a grim, determined look in their
eyas that the G. M. had le'ft for Flor
ida that very. morning and would be
gone at least three weeks. Meanwhile
he was learning how a railroad can
pay dividends and yet keep out of
3ight of the Interstate Commerce
Commission. This faculty alone
should entitle a man to a place in the
diplomatic service.
In the course of his researches he
constructed a plan for cutting down
the payroll . one-third and gefting
twice as much work out of the slaves
that were left. As a reward for this
evidence of unusual business sagacity
the company doubled his salary and
cut his hours in two. Mr. Snooks had
learned by this time that the most
Important work in the world is the
discovery [ of ways for making other
neople do your work for, you. As a
result of this he was advanced. to. the
post- of general manager when the late
incumbent of that position was called
up higher — to the president's"- chair
and a country place, in Jersey. The
first thing that Snooks did after he
had becoms thoroughly, adjusted to
''trjkR back In the dark ag*e« when
.^L/-. trust .was a" word still in gdod
:/FA»: standing among the respectable
vX • • • "-meciberfl. of the communiCy :
¦.k-tii: .when all men were brave an'd all
•irybrnen Vera bea-utifui,. sora.e "enemy.
vof /his kind," If" there were any more
,-o.f .his-' .particular kind.. sat' up late one
.iigh't- to formulate the theory and
liirust.lt fofth on*, a misguided world
*.iha.t-*renius "is the infinite capacity for .
diking pains and', tha-t inspiration Js
xvb'mppsed.- principally of perspiration.
•J-L -would* bej • iia'nj *to estimate the
ijfnpunt <jf ' -flure. unadulterated tjroubje
It'ljat that "iriaii has .caused ..tne-unl
•.vef-jse> b-jt.-if-wpiild "undbui3t«dl'y" entitle "
h"iJn';io'*take r.arik : along with, "the 'man
AvhQT>rppPun'de.d -the fifteen.- p.urzle arid
the WtoentVnabJe* individual -who at- •
tempted Vto.ittaFlteCimpefClneRt ".inquiry.:
in'toihe exact length of; tirae-' that. Ann
has bcen'.an'ilih'tfbitant./jf this mun
dane. £ph*erej •-'. * •"- •; .* •;• "r- " * : - •". • »
: It- Is with' thfe'humWe "desire -of set-^
ting ; the. wb.ifC} rVgn.t".aa toj.the true #
r.bar'acter .of :gj;niu«i • ttiat we set owr
¦selves'tpteO.-the'laletO'f Jarries Henry.".
the-^pul.d^W flnaiicler. If by telling*
ihfs:fcirn|fie*«a[rrat»£ jve- iirf ?enab.le
pycry rnan ,'.iti" recognize " gsejiius at
•a^h-t/'cfep'eciajly fn o£hef •people", .w&
.¦¦fchall;.cQ'nsh3Jer:*h"a.t w^ have. done pur
'a i>t$--- p jr "tjuc .'dq'y. -arid /generation and
j>/iCbe ;teady"to. die happy," if*^w*e. can't*
• 1 t *- : ' : Jaiq.esi . "Henry * h"a<l beer*
• brjou5Kt.-.'j3p» ."Qn -W^bSter'af old . bluQ
. r \iic#e*;epei jjri'g-.book ani" a'Spenceriaa
vC^iJS'cboioK; -the • kind that contains a"
>£yste,nr'-6f '"moral philosophy combined
•N&liifail inzir«ctiofr in Vraceful and
Uj£^iint ; ..|)enxnAP«h*lp; all in* twenty-
want* of:the legitimate business world,..
it:. is- -difficult and heartrending to
consider- what would -become' of the-ln-.-'
dustrial'fabric .If. the common' Jeans"
overalls' of commerce were suddenly;
to'pass from our Ken. James Henry,
still believed firmlv that all that was
necessary to rise to the top round of
the ladder of fame .was constant ap-
plication and unfailing industry and
honesty, but he had some doubts
about the. speed with which the act
could be accomplished. There were
so many other men scaling the same
ladder that some one was always
walking over.him and standing on his
head to. reach the next round. •;]
About this time a young man with
the unassuming name of Snooks from
James Henry's home' town appeared
ph. the scene"and announced that he
was going fo be a captain of industry,
himself.' .He was of the opinion that
iti.was.an ope.ri game and that he was
just.as free to chip in as the next man
if he had enough to make the ante,
In contradistinction from James Hen-
ry he didn't have any illusions about
the value of hard work as a stepping
stone to fame and fortune.' He knew
that it was right and proper to' be
honest and fafrly industrious, because
otherwise he. was likely to land in, the
Institution for the Suppression of Un-
due Activity with Other People's
Money and his period of, apprentice-
ship to the captain of Industry busi-
ness would c.ome to an. untimely end.
But his idea; was that the good old-
fashioned virtues were not enough ot
themselves to carry a man.more than
a thousand miles away from his native
heath. For this reason,' when he
broke, loose ¦ from the home ties he
petitioned his father to let him mak'e
a deal with the village butcher fpr trie
fatted calf instead of saving that ani
mal until his triumphant return. He
wasn't making any bets on the exact
"date.of that return,
When he landed In the markets of
trade with the product of his trans
action with the butcher in his inside
pocket he at'ones proceeded to look
up some place where they were willing
to pay'a fancy ¦ price for a superior
article of gray matter,'with - a small
bank account to back,it. He had read
his copybook, but he had also read
the newspapers, and he thought he
four pages and .for the .moderate price,
of fifteen j cents. . In those -.inspired:.;
ages James Henry learned ; that ex
• perientia. d-oce.t, that .labijr omnia viri*
cit, and that it is : better lo "be. right,
than President, especially when "there is .
small chance of thq -aveFage individual '.
being either to any great extent.
Armed with these sublime maxims'
he ventured forth into the cold, cold •
world one bright morning. Of course.
.he 'was going to be rich.. That was a
mere bagatelle; any native .born
American can be rich If he wants to.
The trouble is* that most of us are so
busy making a. living that we haven't
time to make money. By. way of
'starting fair James "Henry connected'
himself with a Job sticking stamps
on "circulars in a patent medicine fac
tory, wbrking twelve hours a d.ay for
:the munificent wage.of $3 50 a week.
It was a humble beginning, but James.
Heiiry'vas assured -by his copybook
that great oaks . from little acorns
grow and. he. decided tp* wait a few
weeks" to discover whether his Job "was
an acorn or a horse chestnut. At the
. end of two years his salary had" been
raised to $4 a week and half che time
he'- was*- let out at 6 o'clock instead.
of .7. ; . . .'. • . •• ¦.
He ateenied- to see some, flaws in his
.original*, scheme about this time: and'
was forced, to, the conclusion- that the
acorn had been frost bitten. Then
"he turned "himself- loose', and rounded,
up another position painting addresses
on* picking cases for a manufacturer
of overall^. .This was ai 'distinct im
provement, as his salary was ad
vanced 60* cents at one fell swoop' and
he was enabled to minister to the.
PUT NOT YOUR TRUST IN MAXIMS
•Fable for' tSie'-JFoolisli
,'V *(A HA.T fe a!l 'tfii?' taik' I 'ear
. \ "/V •"/¦-. about . Jh'e.- "Chinese?"' said
'.-vV- '-Wnkins to me the other.
•\- .-_'".; '•.'.•.•¦.•'Jnornin?.. -We generally in-
; s3.^IgeVin: : a _' lit tl^.'. chat whiltf Mrs. Wil
tK.fias-.'i.s.-Kayi.rig; the -breakfast tabjle. L|CJ-.
t$re;SRi".^.evisiiapers"i2o not arrive in
ijm^':par'r'.'-'i!; the' J.omple much .before 9.
rFroiii'.haif.' r/a-sf 8- tp 9-1 am rather
iiiad.of -Mrs. Wilkink "They 'a've'been
;,upjfo«bi"ne.pf their tricks a'gain, 'aven't
Vb^t?." ; ; VThe- fcri'eign.er. Mrs. \Yilkms,"
I^rrpTied- •;Vvhciher*'. he -"be'- Chinee or
.rtiTy.raVhcr.,' ihe.fs clwayg lip to tricks.
England speciajly- prepared
.by.:aij-".3:ll ; •wise- Providence _to frustrate
; : ilj^p \Knelv'i<h.'..t ricks? Wkich "of, such
•SrfirtiwTar/i-^riclCs' raay .you be refer-
Ji^i^tB\eX^thi rriprnent, Mrs.' Wilkins?"
¦^Wc^i.';:'e'k. : -c.6inih' ¦ over, 'ere, isn't .'he,
>if,.;i r o" lite ..the work out of • our
•ijagtu't jis, •- e-gv it . -were." ' "Well, '.noi. ex-.
England, Mrs. .Wil
/fer^V'^Xr-xpiaiKed.; ""Ihere's talk of .his
;j>eiilgv rntrq.d.uce'd.- into Africa 'to .work
jfe'yit^-;.- r .rnine : s. '• theV^:".. "It's a funny
:i^g/^*a'id' ;Mrs'-"Wjlkins, ';'"bu-t- to 'ear
ijiV'.Xva ¦>•;". *sbme'.i of- .{hem. talk *' in oor
•fyojqii. '^.o'u. ''xjiiglj't riin 'away with "the.
¦••.rO-tjJoXf^rthaJis.'.-if you did.h't know.' 'em
:^^i;\*.'OTk.'.was "their. onl>- joy r - I said
/torconV. 'pf%'<.p3 .trie otli-er e\*e-ai"ng — a man
:^^.oalb-;'i*jsc>t a brass. finis.her," though. '
':X^:i ¦;kiii>Bi,' -tbe' Qnly "brass" he «\'cr
fiiii&lies'is what, iifs poor- wife'earns, and
: j^n'v u <fuic.k"; ehpu-sh" -;tb -hide aV"£a"y from
-Tw-^avtii.whateYer"'appens," II says", it
;,.\\-ll-1. ; ib{}-V;Jeve^-;of ..-'em .if they take aw'a'y
¦; .^'uch^v.ork- f forh.. you. Jt made' them all
'.IWjJHi; .'tjtia.t^id,'-'' addcd-lirs/ AVi'lkins;
;A\itti'^a Jd;Jc"h. of- pardorianie. pride. "Ah,"
'.(.••aciiriu'ecl' thfe S9pd- lady,\"it\s"-surp.ris
'i 7 nj;--*o ; vv : .eonjt : ehted' they can bfe- ¦\vit'h a
-irttJe,: ;E : orne ¦¦c'f "erh. • "Give ?erh a "ard
.•;x\;<i.rklng \vorn.an to .;look -after the.m,
.ia ; itd:a; r ii.ayVout' once a week with a prp
fc^^idrf'oj? th.e unemployed, they, don't
;? i>%:. for,. -"hotiling;.. more; There's that
'.Jlcaiity ;'rtiy- pqox sister Jane was fool
¦ ; -^rio.ut3i*-jto".mar*i-y.. .Jgerves *er right, as
;•!; usetj' .t-o. : tell\. her at- first. tllL there
-"di&H't Eeenr-any more -heed to rub it
•^talHer." . gh'e!d\ .'ad.ohe. gopd'-'usband.
\ It ; .\vo-4ldn"t ".'ave been fair "for her J.o
,liaye.had another; even. U-there'd been a
chkix.cfi.pi^ it, seeing "the few of 'em there
: ls to: fr.o' round amo.rig so*rrianyii But It's
¦Jar\yays.the Earrie with us widows; if we
.'"appen io/aye been lucKy'the first time,
.^-.put'-it : dovrn .toour' own Judgment—
't-"hmt.""r. ; e.ca-n't ever' maKe a 'mistake
.B^ai-i^tfrid.if we draw" a wfong 'un, &9
~t&.e saying is-, "We a'rgue as if It was the
• <iuty."qf provft3en.ee' to make, it .up to us
iljje B-Jpondtimel Why, I'd'a been mak
-in'sf; i.-f eor. of znyaelf three years ago if.
. tcj^da't be<en good-natured enough to
XjB.ll: one afternoon when I was out and
* book it off w.itfi two-pound eight In the
."pest teapot that I *a.d been soft enough
tovtilk to 'lm about;- and never let me
-.«et:e7ca on 'lm again; God bless *lm:
"JE's one of the born-tireds, 'e
;is."- : continued Sins. Wilkins, • "as
• 'jyoor . : Jane inlght -'ave. seen." for'er
¦jrsel't ;*; -tf she • 'ad only looked at
:-'fn>.: But that's courtship all the
%orld" over— old and young alike, so
ea.-I've been able ' to see it; th!e
"That's true," said* Mrs^ Wilkins/ with
a sigh.— ""for. gold, everything can be
obtained. ..The ifim. of the mjne-o-Vning
archangel is. to p.mvide "the world with
gold.- Why should the world 1 trouble to
grow" things* and. miikc. thing's? "Let
and -Gomorrah', at . their' worst,
Bluebeard. Qy'een Mary, Guy Fawkes,
and the sea serpent — or rather,
you-' take . the most . objectionable
attributes of these. _ various, per
sonages, and mix them up 'to
gether. The result Is the South African
mine owner! a roo«ster'\\:ho would wilL-
Ingly yr.omote' a- company" for the putt
ling on the market a p<jw- meat 'extract.
prepared -oxclusivery from.'neiyboi'n.- in
fants, ¦•prqyi.d.ed. the 'scheme promised a
fair 'atid ' 'reasonable '• opportunity, •"of
fleecing the widow and the' orphan,"
"I've 'eard' they're a bad lot," said Mrs.
Wilkins*, "but we're most of us that; if
we listen to what other folks say about
us:'.' "Quite ' so, Mrs.' Wilkins." I
agreed. "One- never arrives at the"
truth by listening to one side only. On
the- other . hand,.' for . example, there are
those": 'who stoutly 'maintain that, "the
South African mine owner is a "kind of
£>plrit.u,al- creature, all heart," and eenti
: .mfent;:'who,.-agal.n.sthls own wrll," has
.beth.i so : ' to speak,. dumpsd down -jipon
this' earth as the resull of over produc
tion up above the higher class of arch
angel. The 'stock of arohangels of
superior finish 'exceeds the heavenly de
mands: the surplus has been dropped
.down into South Africa and has taken
to mine 'owning. . It is not that these
celestial visitors of German-sounding
nomenclature caro themselves, about
gold. Their oniy desire is, during- this
earthly pilgrimage of theirs, to 'benefit
'the huma.n.raee. Nothing can 'be o.b-'
tained in' this' world without .fnbney-r-"
•:.' ." "• • * ; " • ••
titan's all eyes -and 'the woman's" "all
ears** TheS; don't sepm to 'ave" any
bih>r senses loft' 'em. I ran agai-nst
•im IHp ot'her night, on my way 'ome,
a,i # tke- vorn.er "of fray's Inn*' road..
.'There wits the- usual -crowd watching '
•.a" pack of- them Italians laying down
(he^Takphalie in 'Olborn. and 'e was
unions' 'cm. 'i-Z 'ad secured -.the only
lamppost and was' leaning agen it.
.'Hullo,* I ses, "glad to see you 'aven't
lost yer job. .No thin' like stickin* to
it. when you've dropped into somethin"
Ihat really suits you.* "What do you
lnean, Martha?' 'c ses. 'E's not one •¦»f
what 1 call vour smart sort. It takes
n bit of sarc-asm to get through 'is
'ed. 'Well,' I . ses, 'you're still on the
V>3d track, I see, looking' for work.
Take care you. don't. "ave an accident
•one "of these days, and run upfagsii it,
before you've got time to get out of its
-way.' 'It's these miserable foreigners,'
'tfi scs. 'look at 'em.' '.e' ees. •There's
enough of. you doing that,' .I.ses. "I've
pot my room to put straight and thre.e
hours' needlework to do before I can
pet to bed. But don't | let me '.inder
you. You. might forget what work
•Cvas like, if you didn't. tike an oppor
tunity of vvatchln.' it, now and. then.'
'They come over 'ere.' 'e. ses, 'and
take the workaway from us -chaps.'
'Ah.' I -set-, 'poor things, perhaps
Ihey ain't married.' 'Lazy devils!" 'e
says, "look at 'en; snioking cigarettes. I
could .do : that sort of wo*rk. There's
nothingin ir. It doft't tkke 'eathen tor
e'igpers to. 'dab :• bit of tar about -a
road.' JY«C 1 »-es. "you" always c'ouid do
everybody else's work but your' own," "1
can't find it, Martha.' 'e ses. *N6,' I.ses.
*and you never, will in the sort of -places
you. go looking for it... They don't 'a.ng
it out on .larr.i>posts: and they don't
leave it about ;'.t the street cbrneri.-
One of these* days.M-.sel?..- 'uheji you're.
• walking abfcut 'appy arid careless, not-,
thinking about] it, vou'1.1 rua- Vp. ajen
it,- ss 1 tell you,; arid; then yulTlf-set
,'th': biggest • -jShock *y6u.*ve .ever .'a<i. in
all your life.- Go. -'orne,' I* ses, '.'and
-turn tlio _.mingle for your- poor- "ivifo.
That's big enough for you to nnd.-evfn'
jn the' dark.' ¦ 'LooVcihg -for woTk!"
snort od' Mrs.' W I "kin's .with - contempt.;
"we women never 'ave jniich.d.i : incujty
in finding it, I've" noticed.-. -There are
.timgs when -I fee'rl could do with -losing
it for a day." • ' '"¦-". .
"But what did he reply, Mr?: • Wil
kins?":! asked:- "your brass-finishing;
friend, .who wa? holding forth on the'
Eut'ject of Chinese cheap .labor.' 1 ' Mrs..
.Wilkins as a conversationalist, is; iiot
.easily "kept ' to. 'the point. -I was.iu
>.ious.lo knoxv what the workiiig classes
• were thinking "oil the., subject.- '•Qh.
that," replied Mrs. Wilkins;" .'e didn't
•say nothing. 'K ain:t- the. sorfthat's.got
much; to say In' an argument.. 'E bc T
•longs to the crowd that hangs- about
'at the back, and does the shoutjng>
But there was another of ""em, a -ypung
fellow as I' feels .sorry for, with a'
wife and three small children, ¦ who
•'asn't 'ad much luck for the last six
.months; and that through nofauit of
.'is own, I should say, from the look, of
'im. '1 was a fool,.' ses "e, 'when' I
chucked a good situation and went
"out to the war. . They' told, me I- was
going" to fight for equal rights "for all
.white men. I thought- they meant that
all. of us were going to have a" better
chance, and it seemed worth making
a bit of a sacrifice for, that did. I
*sho.uld be glaa if they would give me
a job in their mines that would en
able me to .fe.ed "my "wife and children.
That's all I'd ask' them for.' " "It is a
difficult problem, Mrs. Wilkins," I said.
"According -to the "mitre owners— 1 "
"Ah," sajd Mrs. Wflkiris,- "they don't
seem- to be exactly what you'd call
popular., the.m* jrnine owners, .do they?
.Daresay 'they're not as bad as they're
"painted." "Some people, Mrs. Wil
•kins,"I .sald.'t'pahit them very black.
•There are those -who hold .that, the
South AtHcanmlne owner is, riot a rnan
at all, but, a' kind -of pantomime de
mon. Yoq take • <5oliath r the -whale,
that swallowed Jonah, .a' -selection "froiu
the least rf?spec'table bitizens oj . Spdom
"Again, Mrs. Wilkins. it is difficult to
arrive 'at a just conclusion-, 1 * .1-. 'said.
•¦•The. mine- .owner,", according .to his
enemies, hates' the "British." workman
with the natural instinct 'that -evil
creatures feel toward if he .'nobie.-and
virtuous. He" win go .to" trout/Ie.-and
expense • merely" tp spite ••'-"the.B.rit
• ist»- workman, to" kefep ' h£m.*--'.out
of "South . Africa. " "According .' . to
lira i- fr-ie-jds the mine owner* set3 his
face against the' idea of wh-itd-^abor
for two' reasons. First anU : foreiuost,
it's not nice work; the,' mine ' owner
hates the "thought of hisbelpveil white
brother toilins* in' the mines. ¦ It* »*3
not -right that the. noble white .-man
should demean himselt by such work.
Secondly, whit«i labor is top expensive.
If, for digging gold, men had to 'be
paid anything like the same price they
are paid fbr digging coal, -the .mines
conld not be worked. The. .world
would lose . the" gold that the" mine
owner is anxious to be'stow upon it.
Th€ mine owner, following * his own
inclination. .wouM take a little vfarm,
grow potatoes'iuid live a beautiful life
— perhaps . with a little « poetry. A
slave to a sense of- du]jy, he is
chained to the philanthropic work of
gold-mining. If w.e hamper Mm and
worry, him the danger is that he* will
get angry with'ti:" — possibly he will
order hi3 fiery chariot and return to
where he came - from.". "Well, 'e
can't take the gold with him. wher
ever- 'e goes to." argued* Mrs. Wilkins.
"You talk. Mrs. Wilkins," I said, "as
if gold were of more value to
the world thanr is the mine owner."
"Well, .isn't it 7" demanded Mrs. Wil
kins. "It's a new idea." Mrs. Wil
kins," I answered, "it wants thinking
out."
u«." say these archangels temj*OrarUy
¦dwelling in South 'Africa, "dig up and
distribute -to the"'wortd plenty of g»ld,
tben \he world can buy whatever it
wants, tfrid be happy."
"There may be a flaw !n*the argu
ment, Mrs. Wilklns." I allowed; -"I ara
not presenting it to vou'.as the .last
word upon the subject. -I am merely
qu«7«ig the. view, of the South Afri
can mine owner, .feelintr. hjmself* a
i«uch mfsunderstood . btfnefactor of
mankind." * . *
"I expect." *• said- Mrs. • Wilkins.
.shrewdly, "they are Just the ordinary
sort of Christian, like the rest of us.
anxious to do". the bc«t they c- lor
themselves and not too, . particular as
•to doing .other people in the process."
"I am inclined to think. Mrs. "Wil
kins, that you are not very far from,
the truth. A friend of # mine 'a. couple
of months ago was very bitter on. tha
subject of Chinese qheap labor. With
•his strong denunciation .of the*.Pro
posal one was .bound to concur. It was
founded throughout upon the highest
ideals. A little later there died a
•distant relative of his, who left him
20,000 .South African mining shares.
He thinks now that to objecfto : the
importation- .of Chinese is narrow
.minded. illiOoral and. against all" relig
ious teaching. . He ha^- bought an
abridged edition of. Confucius, and tells
me that there is" much that -i3* en-'
• nobling in Chinese mo.rallty.- Indeed,
, I gather from" him that the introduc
tion of the .Chinese into South Affi.ca
¦will be -the saving "of that cqunjtry.
The noble Chinee* will afford an ob'-
Ject lesson fo the poor white man, dls
. playing to him the virtues of -sobriety,
thrift and humility. I a.ls6 gather that
It will .be of inestimable benefit tp jthe
noble Chinee himself. The Christian
missionary will, get hold of- him. in*
bulk, so to speak*, and imbue him with
the higher theology. It appears to *
be one of those rare cases where- every- "
body is benefited at the expense of
nobody. It is always a pity to let these
rare opportunities slip by.? "; J
"Well." said Mr.s.- -Wilkins. "I've
nothin'.to say.a^en the Chinaman/ as
a Chinaman. As to 'is .being a**eathen.
well, throwln' stones' a't.a church?, as
the.sayln' is, don't make a Christian o?
you. There's ' Christian? I've jnefr as
• couldn't do themse"lve3 much" 'arm by*
changing their religion*; and as. • to
cleanliness,' well. I've never met but
one and ' f e was a washerwoman, and*
I'd rather 've sat • next- to Mm .in a
third-class carriage- on a bank 'qlitlay
: than next to some of 'e-rrf. Seems, to
me," continued Mrs. W.ilklns.. "we've
got Into the 'abit of talkin* a.bft too
much about other people's dirt-. # .The
London atmosphere -ain't" nat'rally a
dry-cleanin* process . In' ; itse'lf;" ."but
there's a goodish few as-'seem to think
• it is. -One" cornea' "across % free-born
ErKons 'ere and there A's'I'd.-be sorry
" to* scrub cl-ean. for a shillih'.-and find
my own soap." "It is a-.uriiversal fall
ing. Mrs'. Wilkins." I explained.-* "If
' you talk to a traveled Frenchman, he
"contrasts, to his- own satisfaction." "the
Paris 'oavrier' in Ms blue blou.se/With
the appearance of the London laborer."
"I -daresay they'Fe all tight' according
to their lights." said Mrs: Wilkins. ."but
It does .seem- a* bit wrong that if -our
own chaps 'ar.e ¦vVlllLn" "a-nd anxious to
WAsrk, after, all they've done, too. -in th?
'¦way of getting- tKe*mLn^3"'fox"us,* that
they shouldn't "be allowed • the job."
THE -SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
13
ON THE
CHINAMAN
Powerful Russian novel by Headon Hills
wnich a iiew insight into the maze
" ; of intrigue and plot and counterplot
through which the Czar carries out his
¦¦-¦•': ,-/ pr ecarious existence *•?. **? *P' & '¦¦¦&¦ *&
BEGINS IN NEXT aSIJNDAY CALL(This, famous poem, which is a
favorite of "Uncle" George Brom
ley and which he recites with such
charming effect, has created so
much talk since" the occasion: of
his last birthday banquet ajt the
Bohemian" Club that" the Sunday
Call takes pleasure in reprinting
itjentire.)
By Agnes E. Mitchell.
Cows 'Gome
: H'6me
IT. seems nothing short -of _ marvelous that we should have ady records
of civilization ¦ 7000 yedrs ago, but the scientists who are now ma'klns
such v ya8t excavations in Nippur have brought. t<J light what Is per
haps the most Interesting and remarkable evidence o£ "city life" of
-that period. It is an Immense well* or drain and in this photograph, 'showing
- the present state "of the excavations, the influx of curious natives to exam
ine the novel, source of water supply arranged by their ancient 'ancestors,
spans the ages and "makes the scene 'quite, what it must have, been centu
ries on centuries agpne. Indeed", the scientists claim that there has been
¦ little c*hahge .In either the appearance or customs of the natives of Nip
pur since that time, so tha{ they come very naturally" into s their -Own
again. #
. 1 ¦'•....:-. •
IF Prince Pu Lun*. the exalted Chinese aristocrat who is now visiting .
America, could' look upon this picture he would doubtless recognize this
costume and the significance of the disguise at a glance. . It is a re
markable garment, and before it was appropriated among other things
by the soldiers of the allied powers during the last Boxer uprising it was
one of the most carefully guarded and valued treasures in the ' "Forbidden
City," that wonderfully mysterious royal residence whert Prince Lun has "
spent all his life until his present trip to San Francisco, Washington and
SU Louis, which is the farthest he has ever been from hotae. This
ful robe is of cloth of gold,,very Iieavy, very rich and resplendent "and of *
fabulous worth. It was not being worn by.an Oriental potentate when this
picture was made, which is the reason you do not see the face. No Chinese
wouid dare don such a garment and let his identity be known. It is too '
sacred, even after having been 'captured as the spoils of war. However, it .
has, been returned to the "Forbidden City" by the flat of the powers,
With ringle, rangle, ringle.
By twos and threes and single.
The cows are coming home;
Through violet air we see the town, ' "
And thef summer' sun a slipping down,
And the maple in the* hazel glade
Throws down the ; path a longer shade,
And ' : the 'hills are growlngibrownJ'f- "
To-rihg, ; to-rangi taringleringle,
By threes and; fours and single, . . .
The cows come slowly home; -,
(The same- sweet sound of '- wordless
psalm, . ' . "
The same ' sweet ' June-day . rest and
. calm, ; ,-. ' .. .. __ '.
The. same,- sweet scent of f bud -'.and
balm, . * .
With jingle. Jangle, jingle, .
Soft tones that sweetly mingle,
The cowo are coming home;
Malvine, ai:d Pearl, and Florimel,
De Kamp, Redrose and Gretchen Scheri,
Qiieen Bess and Sylph, and spangled
. Sue,
Across the fields I hear her "lob-ob,"
And clang hef silver bell;
Go-IIng/ go-lang, .golinglelingle,
With faint, far sounds that mingle, I
The cows come slpwly home;
(And mother songs' of long- gone years,
And baby joys and childish fears,' ,.
And youthful hopes and youthful tears,
When the cpws come home.) ' ' ' !
W. ITU .klingle, klangle, kiln-'
Way down the dusty dingle,
The cows are coming home;
Now sweet and clear, and faint -and
low,
The airy twinklings come and go,
Like *chimings from -some far-off
tower,
Or pattering of an April shower
That* makes the daisies grow;
Ko-ling, ko-ling, koIihgleUngle,
Way down the darkening dingle,
The cows come slowly home;
(An'd- old-time friends, • and twilight
plays, ."'. '
And starry nights. and sunny days,
Come trooping up, the misty ways,
When the cows come home.) .
When the cows come home.)
With tinkle, tankle. tinkle, v
Through fern and periwinkle.
The cows are coming home;
A loitering in the checkered stream
Where the sun-rays glance and gleam,
Clarine, f>eachblpom and Pheebe Phil-
Us. "
Stand knee-deep In the creamy lilies;
In a drowsy dream, . :
To-link, to-lank, tolinklellnkle.
O'er banks with buttercups a r twinkle,
The cows come slowly home; •
(And up 7 through memory's dlmi ravine.
Come the, brook's old song and its old
_time sheen, ._,...
And the crescent of. the sliver queen,
When the cows come home).
' ; WIth klingle, Mangle, klingle.
With loo^oo and' mbo-bb "and Jingle,
The cows .are coming home; ¦ *
And over there on Merlin Hill
Hear, the; plaintive cry of the whip>
¦ poor- will,''
Arid . the, dew-drops . lie on the tangled
,;. vines,' •' ' ¦
And over; the poplars Venus shines, .
And "over the silent mill ;
. Ko-ling, ko-lang, kolinglelingle, j
With a ting-a-llng and Jingle,
The; cows "come slowly; home;
(Let down" the bars;; let. in "the train •
Of. long-gone songs, and flowers and
.- , ' r ? ln t /• -"/.' , - . ~ . ¦•'
For. dear old times come back again, J_
; When the ¦ cows cbine home).
Experiments have recently been
made at the-Ixmdpn Hospital with new"
splints which enable a perspn with -a
brpken leg pr thigh tp go. about his
business within a few days .of his acci
dent, s.ays the London Hospital Ga-'
zette. The invention hails from the
Continent, .where it has been in use
for some years. The principle of the
splint is that round the seat of the frac
ture is fastened a hardened leather case,
which fits the leg closely everywhere
and prevents any movement of the
fractured bones. • The weight of the
body is' then - carried by Jointed steel
rods attached to another case fastened
above or below the knee, according to
the place pf the fracture. With this
appliance the patient . is enabled to
walk before the broken bone is joined
and there is none of that after" trouble
with stiff Joints /which comes when a
limb. has been held rigidly for weeks.
Odd Surgery
Infinitely more important . than all
these considerations, is the action of
alcohol on the nervous system. I have
no business, at this moment, with the
recprds of insanity or crime, but it is
worth while to dispel anbther pppular
fallacy as £o the influence of alcohol
on the mental processes. .
Numberless* tests have been carried
out with such processes as adding up
a column of figures, ' writing an ac
count of a simple, occurrence, discrim-
Inatjrlg between' colors, and so forth.
And the singular' result, well - estab
lished and confirmed, is that alcohol
delays the rapidity and impairs the
accuracy of these processes .while] , pro
ducing the most convincing- illusipn pf
ease and rapidity. The calculatpr has
a subjective impressipn pf facility
ture can utilize. i ¦
How does it come about that so
many of us- take alcohol to keep out
the cold? Simply because the nerves
of our sense of- temperature .end in
the skin. ' Be our skin well supplied
with warm blood we say we are
warm, and vice versa. ' Furthermore,
we normally lose heat and keep our
temperature at* .the proper' level by
radiation from the skin. Any drug
that dilates the blood vessels of the
skin .-will, therefore, tend to make us
feel warmer and be colder.
machine, constructed entirely of metal,
consistlng'of two parts which are very
bimple and coinpact, has been intro
duced therel One of the-. parts is
hermetically closed,- .containing the
mechanism, and the other is the ice
producer. He states that the device
can be made of any" dimensions de
sired. The smallesfsize made in Nice
•is 12x20 inches. This size can pro
duce.two kilograms C4.4 .pounds) .per
hour and can be either worked by a
motor of one-eighth horsepower or by
hand. The ice is produced in blocks,
the first" block being produced in a
very short" time after the operation
is commenced. The chief feature of
the machine is that the ice Is produced
without the aid of ingredients or prep
aratives of any kind. Whatever is nec
essary^ for its production is supplied
during ;its manufacture. . The cost in
Nice of . manufacturing the small size
before mentioned is about $20, but
this is "just about three times the
amount they could be . manufactured
for In this country. This system of
making ice has been compared with a
number of other well-known similar
apparatus and experts are said to have
unanimously- declared this one to ex
cel with insnperable advantages. —
Philadelphia Record. '
division. In some instances oil is used
normally, but as a rule it is considered
an auxiliary to the coal, . and.'- the sys
tem of burners and of supply is such
as to afford safety in handling and a
quick substitution of either fuel.
"Forbidden City" Garments
Y -Yt«\HEN the fierce Tartars of the north swooped down .upon; China a ges and ages.ago to conquer and hold
\ A ) it in subjection ever since they" brought ¦ with them wrought idols to whc : m they "made
Y y their prayers. These shown in the photograph were found in. the imperial city of the cruel Empress
• Dowager of China and are said by those who ought to know to have been heirlooms of that ancient
dynasty, and for that reason of priceless value and7 sacred usage. -Just what gods they, represent it would be
hard for even a Chinese scholar to state with any degr.ee of accuracy, but that they are considered potential
and honorable may be - gathered frome the tremendous^' furor that was created by their disappearance from the
"Eorbidden City" after the combined. assault of ; the ' aJlied powers .during the Boxer troubles, and which resulted
in an international court that -caused. much of the soldiers' loot to be returned post haste, these idote among
them, where they will doubtless repose for many «nore centuries to come. . , .
;A'n.;"interesti^
taent^'.trfv.-iihe:. /irEt. :da>;s ¦¦.of ': tb'e; 'faeaiii:
.\6c^Q'ilYfJ'!J^ : !beeU:dis^yeTei/fa-'jMe y
Manchester • . lik'i lrpadV. Gjdmpanyi "-. .. the;'
fi rst jjubijc '"; f'p&d.cptf&fticiefcjte} WHi : :
be remeinberedi' ¦: inattgvfa.te'ij-
peiJtJen;|%'(tte^!att^^c»a^^o^i^.*i^ ;
of the- p?i^^p^tl^>.l^^il<Jft^tt>tiyei
in which Sttph^hs'On .ah.d other- 'invent- 1 "
ors • participated: : ;Tfiree.•en0.n'es^-itlie
"Rocket."' *b^ .St-epheiispn;'' th?. ¦'?ijSa'ns'':
! Nippur 7O0O Years Ag'o
So far as the question of time is
coVicerned, it deserves notice that not
merely .geology, but almost every
form of inquiry into t*he past, .throw* #
farther back the limits usually as-,
.signed." •• - ;'. !i
EgypU for instance,' is continually;
furnishing fresh proofs of the antiqui
ty of cU'ilization. Professor Flinders
Petrie^expounded at Owen's Co.llesro,
Manchester, England, a few davs ego
the. results of recent explorations, at
Abydos, in- Upper Egypt, from which
it appears .that the •ruins at. that • one
spot -tell a continuous story tliat csir-_
ries us^back to 5000 B. C. Abydos
was the first capital of Egypt and.re
mained for forty-five centuries the re
. Itgious center.' the Canterbury of 1he
land; and there the Egyptian exolorr.-.
tion fun'xl has unearthed the remaina
of ten successive temples, one ovnr t"M»
otheK From the age of the fir3t te.'tj
ple a group of about 200 objects has
been ' found, which throws supri.sin;<
light* on the civilization of .th.*' first
Aniti'«quity
-."The- uses "suggested for the pbrtabie
telephone ""are m innumerable, "military
cionsjderations being kept specially tp
the'-frpnti' Outposts, it is declared",
could' by Jts aia keep 'in constant com
m4inica.tic'n-*ith the- main fprce, -and it
is'-pofnt-ed out" that it would furnish a
.valuable" / means of • keeping in ' touch
. Wi.thlrf .the cylinder of the telephone
is^a- -small/dry cell. Jhe whole apparatus
both' receiver and mouth
pii&ce')'.being. small -enough to go in the
pb:c3tct.* -With each instrument is a coil
qfVthln .copper wire, and it- is reckoned
that-a sbldjer could "easily carry 13,000
feet jof this wire with him.
latest Swedish invention that is.
"bring" disbursed is a portable telephone.
The ' specimens * that . have ' ; been sent
abroad .have* elicited, unstinted- praise
from.- Austrian, Russian/.iGreek ahd
Turkish .experts '"who- have tested them,
and.-.-v.'hfle large demands and inquiries
'for • the" new. phone have come • from
France, "Germany, Italy, Spain/ Portu
gal .and; the' -'United States, those from,
Great ; Br-itain. "have been^ even more
noticeable.' • • ' .- ~",\- .' . ' V
• Husbands pay for the J flne" feathers
that make fine birds; bachelors admire
them. ;• ; ¦ • --•;;.;;'' A : J^^
A girl is always- ttilling.to admit she
i3 fat if she doesn't .weigh more than
110 pounds.
A woman simply can't help having
faith in a man who notices wh*en she
ha^ on a new gown.
, A jvoman roakes trouble for herse4f
having children, but i^ keeps her. out
of lets of other. trouble. • ;,-¦';.
A man ca^ have almost* as much en
joyment .-out of a hard -swear as- a
woman can out "of a good cry. *
'. Man seeks approval: woman praise. '.
You can tell a'grea't deal about- a
'.wtfman by the co"1oj" of .ribbons .she
wears and where. ' •*¦*-.." : : * -
It makes a 'girl -terribly .ashamed tc
have.to wear certain- clothes just to be
warm and healthy. r."'-" . /. .^ ••*
.There's no use- o try to save money bj
stopping drinking because .'of the "smok
ing it makes ynu do. :^i'^:[l .-*/./
•It's worth thinking about. that a man*"*
dream of an "-ideal state m never gets
nea.r'er to :a -woman than a boa{,~a pip't
and a fis,hline. -/,• •."'" ? . "•
'• What a woman likes about having ar.
acconnt "at the grocer's is* that if h«
should forget 'to 'charge her for some,
thing sbe gets it wouldn't* be her fault
Most every .man thinks he is smart"
enough "to tackle any. j.ob,'till he runs
"up against the problem of 'grading thi
front law'n so all the rain won't rur
"tnto the cellar. •
B^claeioiPisms. "
SAG1E0 IDOLS' FROM TKS TARTARS
' Temperance — Eat not* to "fullness;
drink not to elevation.
- Silence — Speak not but what majr
benefit ¦ others or yourself;' .avoid
*rifiir.s conversation. *• '¦
Order— Let all your .tljings haye their
places; Jet each part of your business
have ks time. "^ . /.Tv".
Resolution— vResftlve lo perform what
you oupht; i>crform without fall what
you resolve. * • ;•.
• \ Frugality— Make no expense, .but do
gocd" to .others or" yourself ; that is,
wV.Ete nothing. • . "V - : •>••*
Industry — Lose no time:, be always
employed in "something, useful;" cut off
all unnecessary actions. . -¦*,".•¦/,
Sincerity — Use. no huVtful deceit;
think innocently .and' "justly; and -if
you sp*eak, speak accordingly. .'•; [I ]"?',, .
Justice — Wrong none <)>" doing in
juries, or omitting the benefits that are
your "duty. - ¦-*'.:.'-•¦'
Moderation — Avoid extremes; £orbear*
resenting injuries. ¦¦; \ '"-.,¦
"Clean'iness — Suffer no 'uncleanliness
in body, clothes or habitation. _ ,
' Tranquillity — Be- not disturbed about
trifles, or accidents, common or-.un
avoidable. — Hygienic Gazette..
A Mr. Stow. left a sum'of money to
an eminent K- C. "wherewith to pur
chaf»e a picture of a viper stinging his.
benefactor," as a. perpetual . warning
against the sin of' ingratitude.
It jvas a rich brewer who be
queathed- £30,000 to his daughter on
condition- that on the birth of her first
child she should forfeit £2000 to a
specified hospital. £4000" on .the birtli
of the second child, and so on by
arithmetical ' progression until th*a
f 30,000 w.os exhausted. J
Mr. Sydney Dickenson left £60,000
to his widow, who ¦ appears to have .
given him a bad .time during 'his life,
Qn condition that she should spend
two hours a day at his graveside -"in"
•company with her sister, "whom I .
know she loathes worse than she does
myself."— Westminster Gazette. I ¦-•
A much more whimsical testator
was a Mr. SanbOrn, who left £1000 to
Professor Agassjz to have his skin
converted into (wo drumheads .and
two of h!s bones into drumsticks, and
the .balance of 'his .fortune to his
friend, Mr. Simpson, on condltipn that
on every 17th of June he should re
pair, to thefbpt of Bunker Hill, and,
as the sun rose, "beat on the drum
the spirit-stirring strain of. 'Yankee
Doodle.' " " • l,f ' -
There have been many will-makers
more eccentric, than Air. MacCaig. the
Cuban banker whoss last testament
will shortly come under the considera-.,
tion of the Edinburgh' Court of Session.
Mr. MacCaig left instructions in. his
will that gigantic of himselT.
his brothers «jnd sisters, a round dozen
in all. should .be'placed on the summit
of a great tower he had commenced,
to build on Battery Hill, near Ohan — •
each statue to cost not Jess than £1000.
; FranKli-^'s 'Code
• .* - ? . -
f Eccentric Wills j
In a recent report- Harold 'S. "Van
Buren, United States Consul at Nic'e,
France, says that a new^ice^-making
Hew See Macliiiae •
with headquarters for police' and fire
-brigades.' • For. ' use- between.- railway.
coach.es o'ri a moving train, ..for en
gineers at work" underground or -on
great public • works, for steamers, • for
cyclists^sand in many other fields it
would be most desirable.' — New York.
Commercial. • ~~'jf:] ¦ •. • \
Alcohol contams . no nitrogen. It
therefore can never and .-does never
produce 'tissue.' Its food value de-.
pends exclusively on its pro4uction of
energy, and the- first indisputable fact
is that alcohol can be burned within
the body. It may, therefore, be , a
food, and in fevers it is probably the
most valuable food that can be given
to: a' patient, for in fever one cannot
digest and alcohol needs no digestion.
It is; so'to speak/ a predigested food
and pass.es unchanged to the tissues,
there at. on e_ to be- utilized. "What
are the facts.in health? "
It : has. been experimentally proved,
not once but; often, not in, one country
or continent, but in physiological labo
ratories all ,' over ,the world, that in
health only about- "one .and a half
ounces of absolute '-_.; alcohol can be
burned within the. body each day, this
only obtaining when : the: substance is
taken in sufficient dilution and at suf
ficiently .numerous intervals. Approx
imately three ; 'ounces of whisky or
brandy taken in four-hourly doses of
half qn. ounce, well diluted,. is all'that
the average man of normal tempera-
i^areH."- by' Hackworth,.' and' the.
."Novelty," .by BraJthWlte.^nd : BriCS>.
pon,- respectfvely— participated -In- the
.trials that w.ere i carried 'out in. 1830. As
i's* Well known; Stephensbh's "Roeketf'
secured the award «f $2500. which, was
offered, as being" the most suitable *en
giile^ attained a . speed, of" twen.ty-;nine •
.miles* per hour. • The "Sans Pareil" was
second with a" speed of twenty-three,
miles per. hour, while the "Novelty"'
withdrew frpm the trial owing to the
joints of the boiler, giving way whvn
the- locomotive had traveled .only three .
miles.- .Both the' "Rocket" and the
"Sans Pareil" are now preserved ' in
the South Kensington Museum, but the
".Nbveltx" mysteriously disappeared
and was. never found again until quite'
recently. It .appears that Ericsson was
so mortified by the failure of his- con
ception-, that, he left it with his friend
Mr. Melllng. who possessed engineer
ing works . located upon a space ad
joining- the Rainhill Gas and
Company. The "Novelty" was thus lost
sight of. but it has now bc<?n recog
nized'working as a stationary engine,
the wheels having been . remodeled for
tliis- purpose and its" identity thus
somewhat, disguised.. Attempts are to
be made to" secure this, third' premier"
locomotive and to -place it "alongside'
of Us two contemporaries in the. South
. JCenslngton MuSeum.-From .the .Scien
tific American. • •* sSV.'.-
i*.&^cletvt^ 'Ai* i£\**$t '¦¦
*\-!F5SS; V^reptwrt*"; P* •Sep5lrk.-.--<Mff&r
'-pW^if^taSl fr&cn: the : 'stb j-y; .of *Gruso«t
'\rrfits: .Frihcis" .Arnold- CqlilnsV in.. Sji
Njjrholaik ¦ — r Th$ r«hi~Crufpe,*a.s *i>e'may
"call -; " Jai t^.- VaiT rK>t- ;«hip'*lpeck.«d, -but
•^C3.rpe;-ai'5h'pjre . ; >"plunt_aril>\. "-lie; !w.as •;»
Scptclt«iao.- r andi landed.' I/***" 11 - an . Eng
lih 'shlf?,. Che Cin^ u .e Potts', *a iitilc
; vessel; of. til t-Vjipety. odd' lQ.ns frurdfiv
v9xrii.Tig^igtoyz?a.. 'guns,' 'ooniittahded
3^vC(^i^i4TH?jnUjPi' IJampier; , *7.<>4.
x&sseir irid'iii reiiiiiiy.'-fa^ fckd:.ns.d a
'•-falJIin*g: .' QU0 ' ji'fth'.'lbe* "eajitaih " some
itime. before And: bagged- .to^ be ..put.
d^brorei; -:j us* •. what ". this quarrel may
'hatfje/ilie'en'-is; jtQl '&nbfcn,\iihce' the ¦dc
•c©^nt.,<oihes v f'roinr tjuv caCpiaJn himself.
: Uve^t;.^i-lape''on. the. island for
•four- years "a-nd'/fbii*"' months,' and was
fhenVrescqed-. liV {iaptajn" Rogers of the
: Buke:;a'nd;tak'en- b/tfk; .".tor' England.
Captain Rogers '.wrote the 'original ac
t'ounCqf i?*lk-rrk':si adventures, so that
\V.e havjk ih'e .t.rue" story jof this famous"
rjOTriance at- fi^stfhaiiia. . *'- : .. '•/
¦¦¦.¦':-When;" : aelkirk liiXded to -take pos
session ' of .his, island .kfngrdom'lie Jir-j
Tied .fewer- provisions- than theJCrusoe
of th> Wiory. : ; A spoilt fromthe Clinque
Ports; -broOshtlrkji to "tixe 1 beach with
Wsfeaixian's 'chest- aiid .meage.r -'pos-
Besslprts, aTid-.p-uf.hf en .ashore-.;. :. .- ",":
iSis. the .Mat-' :"f>ui.I*d ;a\vay . Selkirk
q"uickiy?re^r.ett^d his ;act- ancl" -pegged
on'hifii .ikriejes tbi'be iajsen- back lo the
shift :' .The- : "s^ilOr?- re.fusedj returning
al'^ne." 'i>o; . that; \he : . -original. -.Crusoe
fbiiird- Jiljnseif -.aii: unwilling 'prisonen
Ther.e. wis-lfitifrTO-rfKihcein .the Bltdar
tion. , comprised
on!y sonr^- clothes". aid l}ed<Jir.g,; a -fire^-'
lock.-pne -jSotirid -of p.p>;.deri.- soip.e. bul
lets.'- i.6Vac^/.iV; hatch^ v ;'A ; ; ¥t\\fe; .a-
Bible :iiXd; : hi> : h^Xhematicjal-.-. : irislr.ui.
menis^iid '¦; -feDoWi.i' . : - .".¦-;' \ : r _.':'-l*J-{' : ':': .' )
.whJeiV." Selkirk -r^iab'w >sbiifejy.: oh -'^hpard'
••tiie;Xl!«jfe^-tojd' ¦ .the story -pi' his- adven.
,t\ire5 •.^e.i^lsery.'o'f; those: first '-hours"'
,ori.*>t^.^isian^:w'ere'stijl',clekr. in -his
.^^or>%>\^vi.he'".-shlp.'jdlfappe,arej4 tie;
ifat "".^ppn : fes; ; .seamari's .chest in ; utter
jaejectitin. .;. ijevjite •' nothing .-for- "many.
hours: h vHis .* •greatest. -^ffear* fra,s .. that
AVith'the .cphxing.,<jf.vpigftt. he would be
by ; wli<j :an.I .mal^.^ ' In his. b\yn
y^&&£*x£a£ : JjQ[ sleep.'. when- i.-cpuid
watch. ?nB\ iptigier^ ¦*. JFfff. a> lo"h|:'.time he
rernSin^.d.;ih >such. Ib^.sspJ.'rits .-..thsit :• : he
.couiil : Vat"ioTily at rargf -intervals.' • ;Hjs
.'first • ~t <)TJ 3 ' wa s-' vt he ;. fl esli ', ,-b f : .' s . .a ri d
't^\%ioirW- f pod" picked vup -along ¦the
beach. • ;: ' - ;/, • -
Effects of Alcohol
.This success- must increase the in
terest already aroused in the subject
of liquid fuel and spur maritime gov
ernments to renewed experiments. Our
Navy Department- Jias taken up th«;
question with much energy and it is
regretted that the pressure for officers
has compelled a temporary cessation
of inquiries which, it is reported, are
unequaled in extent-and character. -. -A'
number of foreign mercantile compa
nies have- installed' the systfem with
success ahd the Russian Government
has been particularly keen in testing
its possibilities.- * "
Excluding vessels in the Black Sea.
.a number of Russian warships in the
Far-East are fitted to use oil fuel — such
as the battleships. Pobieda and.Peres
viet and the cruiser Pallada,- at Port-
Arthur, and the armored cruisers Gro
moboi and Rossiya of the Vladivostok
¦ " .The ' voyage : of the \ oil-burning Amer
ican 'steamship, Nebraskan from 1 San
Diego;. Oaf., to - New York is remarkable
forvthe continuous -.'.distance- steamed
and ' for the 'good average speed ,and
th&l great economy in fuel consump
tion an'd-in the fixed charges of han
dling the boiler power! In a little more
than fifty-one' days the vessel covered
nearly thirteen thousand miles and
made only brie port of call, and this
was not for. the purpose of .renewing
her fuel Three stokers- per
formed all 'the duties that in similar
ships using coal require not less than
twelve men, -and It is tlaimed and
seeYns; probable that the fuel expended
was one-ha If that demanded by coal
burning ships of like, tonnage engaged
in'a passage of equal length.
Liquid Fuel •
" Thus a man', who has- had the mis
fortune to break his Hg may in a few
days b'e \out ' and about his business,
since the appliance is concealed by his
clothing. The. only indications -that
anything' was wrong would be stiffness,
in .walking and the necessity-of using
a stick. ' :'•*/¦ >-'i-v i :
-The »_ method. of. applyingr / the. ; splint :
is to first take a cast in plaster of the
broken limb from the plaster casing,
to make 'a model of the leg, and upon"
this to build up, in leather, strength.,
ened with steel bands, a case" which,
exactly fits the limb. Along eae f h' side_
are clamped strong and • adjustable
steel supports, which carry the weight
of the # body from the leather casing
to the 'ground. Around the ankle and
foot are placed a* steel sole* piece and
anklets, which rfccerve "the other end
Of the jointed support.
' *" '
dynasty. A part of a Ja?g» f lazed
pottery case -of Jklena, the first Kins .
Qf the first dynasty, about 47Q0 # B. C. .
showed "that *ev.en -then.- they were
making glaze qn a -considerable scale,
and" ajsov inlaying • it wi.tfi a"secon,d
color.. The ivorv carving was.aston
.ishingly fine, a figure of a'King* shoe
ing a subtlet'y and power. ©fespFes&ion^
"as good, as any work of later ages." •
'At about 4000 B. C.. an. ivory statu
ette of Cheops, the builder of the
great pyramid, was- fouled, the only .
known portrUit of him. Makln* evet-y •
possible allowance for the . marvelous
rapidity of a'rt development, must not.
many thousands of •"yejrjf have' rolled
over between the* pristine dwellers "In
th.e Nile Valley and* the. men who
carved, ivory statuettes and manufac
tured-glazed work inlaid with second
colors? * It is a long, long* march from
flint Implements to the- solemn tem
ple Ivory statuettes and*' human por
traits. — London Telegraph. . ¦.:*
which:, the : coldiclock" entirely- fails . to
confirm. — London -Mail. ¦ - t 'r/ ; \-
The Real Crusoe
THE- : SAN * FRANCfeCO >• -SUNDAY CALL.
Portable Phone
THE SCRAP BOOK PAGE
14to these subjects_by every parent. 1
It will not do. to argue that' morals
cannot be .taught except by the un
conscious influence of example, which
is of great importance. To know what
is right and wrong is a necessary, con
dition of selecting the right and re
jecting the wrong. Without 'this
knowledge there can be no moral act.
The ideas • of .right and .wrong,- held
by all children ; and by not ; a few
grown people,' are much confused. It
therefore seenjs bur ; highest ; duty' to
see to it that children are given that
information which . will enable them to
recognize the right. Having done this.
we should do all In our power to train
them: to: select the : right because itV is
right. £.;_;
Manners rank only secoad. to morals
as an element in personality. /.One's
manner, indeed, acts more quickly than
.one's morals In • our intercourse
with others, as It at .once,, attracts* or
repels. It ' is ' most . unfortunate if •' a.
If moral actions 'are - most frequent,
most important and most difficult to
teach, surely there is good reason for.
urging* that more attention be given
certain the highest success. Learning
may benefit the child. Correct moral
habits will be of benefit <o his par
ents and many other's also. The child
who shows talents may shine brightly.
He of right morals and conduct will
spread sunshine on all sides. He of
&rea"t intellect rrtay dazzle with -his
brightness, yet spread devastation on
all side's. He of correct morals and
goodness of heart* will give that genial
warmth which co*mforts and blesses
wherever it goes. Moral acts are .not
only the most frequent and most.Im
portant They are also the most diffi
cult to instill. It Is comparatively easy
to teach the- children the fundamental
facts of any subject. It is a far more
difficult undertaking to . train them to
do right because it is right, "and to
avoid the wrong, because <lt. is wrong.
good ; and trustworthy child has rude
manners.- < Success in -life will be . hin
dered ;by these grave faults, even when
all" the underlying .qualities are noble.
We must teach our. children * that at
tention' to the rules that : make the
daily roadof life pleasajiter to travel,
"and, ; obedience. to the social code which
regulates ;> our '.¦¦ in tercourse with others,
gi ve ; an . attractiveness • that' frequently
outranks ; talent or knowledge.
, All parents -should note that in*
many otherwlse;flnely, trained 'and. de
veloped' characters the sturdy traits of
whlchVwe ; respect, ;. we find
lacking, a most important quality,\We
may honor such" people for their'scrts
pulous .integrity and crystalline^ truth
fulness. '; their," industry ¦ and'¦.;persever
ance,'-, their r accuracy in details, ; their
energy arid foresight. • Yet 'when ; they
deal • with •others most qf them *'do '¦ not
succeed "well 'because thelr}manher. is
harsh' and rude. ¦ There is no gracious
ness ) In ; their \ bearing,^ n,o geniality in
their gre'eting.' Their 'speech-; is -curt
and of ten offensive.'.In short, ¦ courtesy,
is lacking; they "have no;mariners."^ .
*y+ LL parents must agree" that Che
( I most Important duty -of- the
r"~j home is the fixing of rtght prin'
X ciplcs of character and conduct.
Fev/ -will' deny that a training in
morals- and manners is of greater im<.
portance to 4.he prosperity and the
happiness of each child -than is a
mere knowledge of the ¦ common
branches. In ep'ite of this fa.ct, little
or no attention is given "by "most par
ents to instruction "in morals, and man
ners. Probably the reason for this is
the fact that many have not carefully
considered their' great importance.
Moral acts are the "most frequent,
both at home and away from home.
Facts learned may or may not be used.
Moral acts are performed almost every.
minute of the day. Yet to these many
moral acts tve give but little attention.
Moral acts are not only the most
frequent, but they are also the most
important. Other acts may determine
reputation in future years. Moral acts
establish character. Other acts may
seem to aid success. Moral acts make
Twenty-iSeventK Talk to Parents I
MORALE AND MANNERS IN CfilLDRBN
This side of character and conduct
is one we .' must not neglect in the
trainivsr'of bur children. We should
load them to sec that it is the part of
benevolence n nil kindness to make all
intftrcoursje with others us pleasant as
jio?siblb. Noiiprlit minded :>*rKbn will
wijlinffly aiid ttf ' the hatefulhess and
misery that already. .exist in the world.
Lcf them understand that this is whaf
many are guilty of when the> : . say or
do, things that hurt the feelings of.
others, or when they fail to exhibit "a
kindly interest in others' welfare. •'
Teach them that there .is a way of
performing everj' action which makps
It of much" greater worth; that a ser
vice rendered in a churlish manilwr
always carrier, with.it a stingr to the
recipient; that a condescending man
ner in the. rich ' or- influential person
toward his inferior is deservedly re
sented; that to be gruff and surly is
•not a mark of honesty, but simply In
dicates a boorish ill breeding*, that ho
self-respecting, person will be other
wise than courteous to "all whom he'
meets; that he will be nelther.insolent.
nor. cringing to his superiors; that he
' will; not -be over-familiar with his
equals;, that^he. will not be -conde
scending or contemptuous toward his
inferiors; * that ; to . do any of these
* things /would be ; to proclaim "his own
lack of self-respect, and to show a se
rious mental and , moral defect.
V. » Children should ; early be : trained to
know' that one of the most trustworthy
tests of 'character* is manner. ' Is it not
true^ that ', without . knowing a ' person,
wlthVut even speaking to hlm,,we!raay
1 pretty, f alrlyrestlmate his qualities and
moral •; development^ by .watching his
intercourse;'* with v others? Kindness
and . sympathy; cannot help revealing
their - presence; -heartiness. ' manliness,
uprightness/-honesty, may ' be discov
ered in his bearing if present in his na
¦'turel'V" :'¦':¦ \ :: - : ' : 'y. ¦¦;¦: ¦ •... :
¦¦.' Truly j manner Is the /outward sign
of ' the : soul's nature: ' It : is' always un
l consciously -'betraying our. deficiencies
/or. revealing our; better ¦ traits. 'We 1 can
riot get away ; ffom' it fal
'l sif y " or pretend .to ) be what we are not,
fdr the deceltf ulness ' is 1 also
in our: "manner, Th> keen observer,
will detect the sham, and recognize
'the real • qualities beneath the ex
terior. ¦ '^t{,% ' '..' '¦'". ?--£.v" r
Early. let the child learn that cour
tesy is not something artificial; that it '
springs from the heart; that it is an'
expression of thoughtfulness for.
others; that it is doing to them as we
would be done, by; that, at its faunda
tion;lie the) great,, moral 'qualities "of
kindness'and'self-respect.
. Nothing will so refine the character
a"s;^the*-"practlce ; -of - courtesy. Like
mercy, "it. blesseth him that gives and
liim that takes." ... Whoever aims to be
truly... courteous will have constantly
before him; a lofty ideal of conduct, a
standard of perfection that can-not help"
but lift him in his attempt tu attain to
it/ V ,:J .-.'.,,. ,' '. ' • • ¦ •".
Nothing, either, will afford so much
perfection as courtesy. No one can ln«
suit a perfectly courteous person. Rude
ness, vanishes from his presence.
Manners, : the outward expression of.
courtesy,* are „ sometimes called the
"minor, morals";' yet such is their im
portance in" daily .life that we cannot
class, them as .minor, matters. ,
' Parents t should* remember "that good
manners- are.rooted In {courtesy, which .
we 'have seen.ia an essential ; element in
a fine character. So -desirable are goo'd
manners, so pleasing to others, and so
conducive to success,' that those of de
fective and: even thoroughly bad char
acters strive to imitate them in order
to pass among, worthy people -and to
keep a places in society..
Manners are, the bodily expression of.
inbred' delicacy .'or coarseness, good:
breeding or vulgarity, 'truth or deceit.
Good. habits are really right. habits of
mind and body, working' harmoniously.
.They arp far more^ attractive than mere
•beauty.- * .'.".- ' .
.<¦ ; The value, of good manners can'
.scarcely, be; overestimated. Life is far
more agreeable if all are ¦ considerate, .
and ¦ obey the forms t of in
their ' actions Peace, se-
, renlty .- and irestf u.lness ' should -. prevail
' in /every "norrie. • - -The • gentle : manners
I that help'.to; maintain- such an atraos-.
. phere'arei well -wortb.- the self-restraint
tney will Impose on our irritability
and- Selfishness. ;. .;,
In society, good, manners are the
passports -to . all hearts.' •, Brightness
and gracefulness, cheerfulness and
good-will are essential in all social in
tercourse. * The* presence or absence o-f
these qualities depends on whether or
not we obey the rules that the social
code has laid down for our guidance.
Gentle manners bring to 'their "pos
~sess"or. an influence which.", though
quietly oxerted, is. a power for userul
ness in the world. In business " all
transactions are" helped by politeness.
Many" fall in life because their manner
does not make a good impression; be
-cause their curtness and lack" of good
breedmg repel" others. .
Good manners, Jike ' any other, ac
complishment,, arc acquired/ by study,
by observation, by . imitation ;of the
best models, by steady practice. The
fine spirit of courtesy is caught largely
from association with th"ose . whose
.ideals are noble.'
It such inspiration, is lacking in our
environment we can always find it
held before us in the great. works of
literature, the 'storehouse of ideals, and
can strive to .make bur lives arid those
I of our " children, measure . up ,to the
* standards . presented to us. By study
and care defects maybe overcome "and
deficiencies corrected. ..
Happy are those children .whose nat
ural endowment and early training
have, made them courteous In "spirit,
delicate in tact, refined in taste, com
posed in manner, whose behavior is al
ways, appropriate, -whose- words and
deedsrin dally life. add to the pleasure
. of themselves and others.
The bodily graces that mark the ex
ternal manners, and that, of course,
.depend upon practice for their perfec
tion, are beautiful and desirable. Yet
they arc not so Important as the quali
ties of truthfulness, of courage, of self
control, of gentleness, of forbearance,
of kindliness and c-onsideratlo'n for
others. Those w*ho have ' these quali
ties may enter any society unabashed.
They may stand, as did Franklin, be
fore kings, and be revered as he was
by. nobles and princes.
•An abandoned bridge" -at Florence,
"Ariz., is a striking example of the un
certainty of the streams of the desert
•region. Where for many months* in the,
"year there is but a dry and sandy river,
ied a raging torrent rushes -during, the
raiiiy. season, or after a storm in"' the-,
mountains, washing* away whole tracts
of, Jarld or- tultlvat.ed; spots along' ihe.
river bank.- •" These • streams often:
change" tbeir course in. a -single night,
aftd the- next morning the .river may
be-, foupd '-half a. rriiie o.r more "a-w-ay.
Freak Rivers in Arizona.
\ '. *' No, ; y.-hy.. should 'T -bi.a'.fraid f-I was
Tjdtgo!r.g::Yo-.'hurf him;..' ¦ .\VTien "night
came'i-carr.ijcd fn .hfs'-lracKs. -In the:
rnornlng' i ¦folioVed. ; and.\vat5«hed .him.
c'prawlihg .b.vt;i'r;"^the-*E'un^ purging' his!
cdn'tent^ or curled. -up. asleep/ or <^o.u.cW
ed-on Jhe. length crf;a--b"(Jugh". rea'dy'for
a ..epricg. ' ¦And' : he- paid/ no. attention
to rce.- for, he. knew 1. was : ' only .a. poor"
artist who had. rro .-gun. -arid wbuldri't
•hurt' him 'if I •could.*'- . ."' '"" "
.-."But dfdm't you get hungry" 1 ?*- ** \f .
;'.'Oh, yes, I 'got. hungry, but I was
used to that',, and it does not.matteT
•mjjen .when you get u.sed**o It."*."
: .-Acd bo" he- Etudied tb.e anlrsals, and
then he. watched the- birds', the eagles,
the -hawks, the herons, the sand-hiH
cranes,.. the" vultures and- hosts of
others.- • And- best of- all,* *be learned
the habits 'of the road runner, that
Btagrular.bird of California, that few
Califorriians haVe evdr. seen in any
other way thau running away" frpm
human observation. With outspread,
wings- and ;long, rapid. Btrjde he rushes*
with great rpeed away- from you, stop-*
ping once la a- while to. give his taJJ.a
jerk up, as much &» to say, "I'll" wave
you a parting salute," then he .dodges
behind a bush or a sa-nd' hUl and . is
pone. But Carl 'tracked him and got
the bird used to his presence^ Then he
saw how he preened his feathers and
now and .again squatted dov.n and
right, but the 'niea and women were
not of his kind and his. heart craved
something:" h£' had never yet seen.
Tears before in the "Royal Library at
Stuttgart he.l?ad,reaa Humboldfs ac
counts, cf the Coioradi) desert and he
had never ceased to dream ol that ""voiv
derful region far away in the 'West,
near the Pa-ciflc. Ocean, and though he
was gentle aa-d ti^ald as a. girl he grad
ually drifted nearer .and nearer ta.it
aad at last ' plunged, boldly I£. He
found v:6rk here -ajnd there,, chgpping
wood., piling stones, inilkmg. cows, now
and again, when, hunger grew too In
tense >nd. his slock of academy "boa.rd,
•of : paints, ': pencils; -and Sketch blocks
ran out; ..3ut otherwise- he needed no
jnoney^'for ;6ri. the .trackless" sands no
.ciBh. is. needed. No. one stands there
to "collect iolf.and roo"neyis useless to
tbe.mzn who itrib»s how. to dig cactus
arid, /otlier .roots, and snare birds and
other, game ..for' food.. '" • ; "^,
He. visited • Pajm Valley " and was
charmed with that .wonfleVful. o*ar4s'on
the 'edge of the -desert,' -and he there
made i -.".' friends.- "ttitli Dr. Wellvvood
ilurray. th* jsrifted ' frie.nd. of Carlyle;
*^dam .Black, ..J.' . 'Stuart. Blatkie" ancl
other ..noted Scotchmen;. 'and. won his
¦tt : a.y> into tfte> .motherly '.heart of "Mrs.
Murray* : ;. "From "' there- he" visifed the
Vap3ous/ canyoris./in'. which, the lordly
California. I'a'm'hol-ds'sv-ay, as muc"h "a
inpriaf.ch; as.-f.yer the- Sequoia, gigahtea
is-, in .the ' h'eig.iiis: of . the Sierra -Xe :
:i < ttd^^'-J^t-^JbJno:^<Sp < y0fl he fo'utod-ariT
other h-ot ji-i'lteresting as. that
;at. Palm' . : Sj>r-£>f£>i;' smd" from., t.h'ere' he-
Tij».irG<*.cl :: .o\PT.';t4ie': riigg;cd' -.and .-steep ;
rbcki*. aides': of rMo'iint'- SaiJ • Jacinto.
TJien?;! he '¦ f ptfird i-!ie , trail ef the -moun j "
•taiit-.eHeep ?".-••afiid *f blio>-o<j it vsii\\ klndr
ly'teteiit^w^ldiiTfitja ..weeks;. watc»h
¦his : .its. ¦«ve'rj' ; ' -move ;arTd • learning, its
.¦rn6st.;hid<5en"!?e.crie : ts,-. 'f)ni\\ a few p'eo.-
pl^-. kpow r thf re '. aie; bis- hofris to be'
found'ori ;Mpua.t..Han. Ja.cinto, 'aiid they,
pc'itcffiy- ever : seje'' <JhemV .but -Carl ' EzLeV
Has f qll6wea- ; fhJpm :."yntif ; -they- kn'o\\-
KijtiV'a..n.d 'do. 'hot reK&nt :his-.'j?i^es*eiVce: eJ~.
.'. ...FrJoni :.t he- r xant-. hpighif* : bf ..rfaii- : J«r
ciixti?;he Io'p'keJl, .o'\Tea''.into. v th-e-.'5Teat;
solitudes >f - in.e;. >deser,t / .betow' :' aiid
;\v*at\ilted •- tfre : ) cliangtng -^bjprs.- r.^ v/elTied
¦6n'~-ti,wh ; y. •.BaKd^ ; .gJ-&e n' oasis' of'[ roc4cy'
:sl dpe" , on- . th^ ; p'pposiite \ Wide, ' ¦¦:.' fie ; gki«-.
su'ch.Vth;a : dpws r - as •only? Gt>d' -and 'lii'e
¦03^gt$^Vticy f or 'jnan" h.^Ver -tliinks' bf ;
avmah'raferEztel.- ; Tlien ' "feee'rhs" t-hlhga.
•xfeafi'-ehly -;Gbd; and;thV ahge.l^'sec.he
bJEgkn .to -uijdersta'rfd. -. thirj^s 'that" only
they. understand iariij.h.?- rpade;. friends.
!with- the 'v.-ild. arid" fierce- mount?!in lion
in* his lair.'" ¦¦< ¦¦':' ':/] -.;';¦..'• v -•¦].;'••.•
¦.^ ¦'¦WerenH. you -afraid.. Ca'rl'?"" ¦ / '. .
*^r..'.N5:^"'CaXfoFnii 'artist? Yes, **n
f H aeedVf.. yefr-. and. yet for four-/
I !' t«;n jeafs he has b'een wander-
X- Ing *<f and .<rb in the # Coljsrado
desert,, penniless, almost ,frlendless and
aicne,: . ;,ct hippy as- trie, larks and
mockingr. birds,' tfi"bugh Sometimes as.
hungry a» Xh® Coyote . af\d mountain
lion that at ti-pes find no fooa for all
theV hunting. . . /-. . -,.Y, .* •
His tame !j Carl Eztel. and he is
toaiewhat' over thirty years 'of as*.
His ' lather was a. German Lutheran
minister, who. died some years ago,
and bis widowed- nrother shed many
and bitter tears when -Carl* came to
the great United . States across the
fearful ocean in order that he might
find his life wo.rk-and do It. But some
how he drifted upon the desert. Cities
<Ild not suit him. The work was all
The /Turks Jiever delight in the luxury
of the Turkish bath, while wax is not a
cpnstituent of sealing. wax and catgut
is sheepgut. . •• ' - :
Baffins Bay is not a bay, and. neither
titmouse -nor shrovemonse is a. mouse
atalj. ' ¦">•.... ':-¦ {,'•¦- .. ¦ .'. : ' ... .*"•¦ . '
Kid' gloves are made of sheep or lamb
skin, while rice "paper is not made of
rice or any part of the rice plant, and
German silver. is not silver at all, nor is
it of German origin. \ V7 "
':Brussels carpets are made at Kidder
minster and Kidderminster carpets are,
made- at Brussels, while Irish stew is
a dish entirely unknown to the Irish;; .
.The- word ,Vsla"ve" originally meant
"nc-ble," being imthe^flrst place, "Slav,"
one • of the Slavonic race. . • . .
Misnomers.
fluffed. up. his body feathers as seen in
the drawings herewith. ..,...'.. C.
Then he Etudied the cattle that were
allowed to "roam free, and nndisturbed
•fox months at a- time over the ranges
of the desert and the foothills nearby.
Many a time he has seen a couple of
bulls fight for the possession of a^herd j
of cows,, and one of his most spirited
sketches he Intends, to use for a mas
. sive painting at some future time.
He has not had much, if any, techni- .
cal training, but. hard, persistent work" .
will soon overcome that/disadvantage.
His fourteen "years on the desert have
proven that he' possesses the right stuff
Within- him, and he j will soon gain the
technical knowledge to.properiy handle
his subjects when the motive for. the
focalization of his powers is presented.
And such T ls the motive I. am now pre»
seating to him. For long years I have
determined to write a book on the Colo*
.rado desert. Eately I have prepared
to take up a residence there, during
. certain parts of the next two years, arid
there. Carl and I will make our -home,
'and from there wander out on : our
"journeys over the desert. The few
sKetches here presented are. to be .used,
in my book,- but X am glad to let. the
readers of The Sunday Call see- .them
.long in advance of publication, that
. they may know -that the desert of.Caii
. fernia has produced an artist of such
unmistakable genius. At least 409 of
such sketches will grace tha pages of
which I am now. writing, and, in addi
tion I desire to give my readers: a taste
of his color, ability. He will \ paint ten
or a -dozen desert pictures, . .showing
with fidelity the marvelous color ef
fects he and I have both learned to
• love and that are seen nowhere else
but on the desert, and these will be re
produced aa perfectly as art can ac
complish it. ¦
• .Everything on the desert is" just to
his artistic wilt He i draws Indians,
psJms, coyotes, skunks, lizards,: horned
toads, cactus and waterfalls with equal
skill, and when tfme and experience"
-•shall have matured his powers he will
' be an artist of whom "all California
" may well "be proud, for the world will
Ve at his feet and do him honor.
< ¦¦. . - -.-¦¦*' - •
have . completely disappeared, occa
sioned by a mountain torrent cutting
through a watershed and changing the
outlet of the stream. . These; freaks of
nature are a serious drawback to that
region. . ->.¦ '¦ ¦ ¦ - • .; ' " " •
THE BIRD AND
ANIMAL PAINTER
OF THE DESERT
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY: • GALL;
15
This Is what occurred at Florence,; on
the Glla River, where. an iron bridge',
recently, constructed, was left high and
dry on the desert and tneref ore utter
ly useless.. rV»- -~ - ' ¦
Because of this uncertainty in the
course of the rivers but : few. •.bridges
are built in the desert country. When
the water in a stream ls"hlgh travelers
by stage or on horseback camp on t the
banks .and wait for the 'water to run
down, as it will certainly' do/, often in
a. Very few. hours. Sixty miles below
Florence, on the Gila River, the branch
railroad to Phoenix crosses this stream;
which at. this"; point' is constantly shift-:
ing its' bed toward the north. The rail-,
.road company 'haVVnet. the changes in
the river bed by adding to the bridge,'
so that it is now over a mile' long", and
for a 'great -distance crosses a barren
desert where the l river once /flowed.
Therc : are many other instances in the
Southwest where j rivers .have changed
their courses and in some cases theyy ,*S-y I11LDRKX, Whrit'do you know al:6ut trees and Eto~raphy? Know nil nbont it, of course. Well, then,
I I you xvf1 .' « nd Hie OokMo contest this Week the .easiest yon have ever .tried to solve. ..Whether you
\M hiivc cv(i>ecn them ornot you know nil about peach, plum, pear, apple, lemon and orange/trees so
'V*T that you can ffiie.4s iiicturt's I, 2, S aiitl 4 In n wink.-.^'hllc «is* Tor {reosraphy— why who docs not
know \\\\ about- geography?- # You learn it at school- and jow, see Various, branches or Jt constantly mcii
"tioiied hi the news of the day. •' For instance, you, all know about the- Greet Lakes of '- Amcrica-T-Lal<c Erie,.
: take Huron, the^Great SalfKake, etc., etc. •'; But, however. If you "don't all that "you havo to do is to get
out your ' school, books, turn to the maji of America In your geography nnd-— there you arc.
; .. Of course t!u re is no need or "telling you again what rich reward is in store for you If you win:
'ITlioec boo!i« 'all speak for themselves. - : . -r .' . . . • ¦¦.".' ¦
.7^ But,, children/ pay -strict attention now. :] Here^ is 'sbinethinft : the Puzzle Editor.wants to speak of par-,
ticulailj. You must not only give your nanic and the town and State -wherein you li*c. but the street or
l>o*:tofilce uunibcr. This is- important because many books'; are ucinj; returned because of incorrect* Ad
. di*Cfcses. And 'don't forget Jthe gallery of honor. ..". .7 7 -.-.".-_¦: . * r ?L^ ; ;".- . .-
PLtASE DON'T SEND IX AXY TINTYPE -.PICTURES OR PROOFS. THAT ARE U!VTOXEl>— which
means that they will lade ns soon us they are exposed to ttie sun, and don't forget-to write -your name and
Address on the back of each and every photograph. : And by all - mean* be sure that you are a prize win-,'
ncr before you send in any. picture at all. : ; v^^ . . , -.- ' .. ' - . ' » .' ; .-i^
• A'nd remember this: .You will all .haven clujnce^.not . oniy.to ; win one of those* 150 prizes, bnt get
jour picture published as well; The Puzzle Editor wants all the prize winners to send in their . pictures .
—the whole 150 every -week if possible. Begin right now.. -.Don't wait; . 'The ''more the merrier. There"
can't, be loo many. But remember, only the prize winners can have their pictures published. ¦¦'--¦ v •
JH12KE AltE OXK HUNDRED AXD FliTY PRIZES.' and this Is wliat you: must do. to trin one o|.
them* *. . • * * ' • .
/^nd the names of Four Different Trees as shown in pictures*. 1< 2. 3 and 4 and Four Lakes in Amcri-
T.ra to asi sliown in- pictures. 5,. 6, 7 and' 8 on? this page and write them but. in the space opposite the proper •
. corrfcspbntling number" provided "'for "the purpose In the coupon. on this. page, .as .per dh*cctlons: fill in the
'coupoii, with" your name and address and' thcprlzc you desh^— if; you' win~ahd ' send the coupon" to the
EDITOR OF THE NAME PUZZLE PAGE.Suiiday Cnll, San Francisco, Ca!.' . • '\ :', ¦ .
,7^. ' , REME3UBEK— -To the FIItST. ONE HUNDRED AND '"•FIFTY BOYS AND GIKLS.'wIio hoIt© tlie tweUe -
.Name Puzzles' correctly; one~of these ONK^IlUNDRra"ANp r FlFTY,BEAIJTIFrL' PlUZES•Wlll¦be,a^^^le€L'"¦¦
.'.•. > -^' •And don't forget this' ,'ncxt point, : because ; lt* is very Imiwitiintt^^AtLN^ANSAVERS' , SIUST ' REACH
THIS OFFICE IBY^ FRIDAY, NOON. /..This gives Jan. those^ '
.Read 4*VerVth!ns onthhV page, to be" sure" '.that', you' overlook nothing 'that will .help' yon!^^to ;wui'» prize. '.
","¦,• . THE. NA3JES OF THE LUC K Y ,WINNEi;S J WILL IJE PUBLISHED LN." THE SUNDAY CALL - TWO
, WEEKS FROMiTO-DAY^Mayrlo. :;r ; -; r ./" " /•; -."V.v; i ¦:;-. :\-;V'X -.^.:^\\l' V/} : -V'' : ; "- • ¦. rf-^'i '¦¦'¦¦ " • ' '. ¦ •'•"'•
/ -'¦> Those are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL: BOOKS, from {jvhich^you, "maf choose If you, soivo all. the. puz- , '.
, rles, correctly :...-. ' ; .:.-.,',;.. .':¦¦¦'--.•. : : .-.' '¦.{¦'¦/, \ll ¦• T|: .!'¦-'•'..•••."", ,-'X:l i.^ v m:^'.) . .^f: r ;...-. -¦> •;-.-,.; : .: " \V-
Adventures of a Brownie. ; by Mulock: Alice's Ad;vc*ntttres^ ;ln ' Wond^rI«ndV'bV'CuToil;,TheBl3thedale-Ito-. '>
mnnce.iby .Hawthorne; -A.Cliild's Garden of Vrrs«^,'by Stevenson; The. Cliihies,; by Dickens; • Cranford; by "
; Gaskcll ; Gulliver' s ; Travels,_ by.^w^ft ;: Piigrhii's .«I»rogress f ; } by - John; Banyan ; ¦; The SbrigV of f; Hiawatha, by
Longfellow: lauldie and -.Miss ; Tooscy's Mission; I>u«i/c, by, Meredith; ; Tbe. Magic Nuts,. by Molesworth: Old <
airlstmas,by Irvuig; Paradise Lost, by MIlton^Thel'lensurcsof IJfe.by. Lubbotk; Rab and Uls: Friends, :
,»>: Brown; Tom; Brown's School Days,, by Hughes"; Treasure Island, by Stevenson ; Shakespeare's -Heroines,
: by Janirson. . i r • . ,. .' .,..;• : ".---, .< r -".'. ¦-• "',.= , ... • "¦/'¦¦ y-> , .. •• j**-' • :- ' V--
EASY PUZZLES TO-DAY
Vogt, 1366 Thirteenth 'avenue; East
.Oakland; Loris Walker, 1020 Six
teenth street. East Oakland; Bes
sie Boyer, 1106 Willow street, Oak
land; • Clarence " Pyper. 666 Nine
teenth street, San Francisco; *Ruth
Dewey; 1523 Scott street, San Francisco:
Willie Seymore, ; Santa Rosa; Hazel
Dayton, Duncans- Mills; James Glbbs,
Duncans" Mill; • Hazel Bailey, .Tomales 1 ,
"Walter Watson, .Sehas^opol; Wilbur
Houk, Visaliar Florence White, 11S1
Eighteenth Oakland; Kate Tay
lor, 85S Castro street, San 'Francisco;
May Taylor, 858. Castro street," San
Francisco; W. Dooley, 132^ Natoma
street, San Francisco; Carrie Green,
Vallejo; Beatrice Cohan, # Alameda:
Fred Shock. AUendale; -I.avid Lee. 2454
Post streeu San Francisco; Violette
Jones, Merced; Charles Maggini, 2623
Laguna street, San Francisco; Frank
ICitsnn.- 77 . Cumberland street, San
Fra icisco; Ida Aubry. 141 Jersey street,
Sal. Francisco; Ella 'Parkin. *19O8 Mis
sion street, San Francisco; Tom Foley.
21 Stone street, San Francisco; May
Dunney,. Vallejo; Waiter Farnlacher,
2*01 Sutter street. San Francisco; Hei*
bert. Bliss, 1347, McAllister street, 8aa
Francisco.
THESE ARE
THE PRIZE
WINNERS
OF APRIL 17.
'- 1 *— "yELOW arp given ' the name? of
vfj ,f*ie. 150 Jucky children • who '.
• rTV-Y ¦<8**4 the. ptaado.". Articled • ol T
-V^V FbotTv-ear and 'Pieces- of Am<eri>
.eatr .ilbney— riri the - contest- • of April
'¦-.-¦.'¦ ' ¦"'. ¦'"•'."• •; ' .:
.-..-Sroy.. Conn^H. 962" Oak. street. San.
' Francisco ;.; Chester \Yells, ; 26 Kincon .;
¦pni'cfc!/ Sari F-r.-incisco;* L. Anderson. .
'Vallejo!;-. Gl-iuVs Pierey. Mare' Inland; '
'¦ Marie. "^o.loraonf'Alarrieda; Phyllis Ro
'6ehbergr'.; A Mm^da ; George Albright.-
AlaiTiediiv'Drew McBride, Gem.ent: R, . •
.eafUr'ciithJ'lli' Jones? street," San Fran
cfscuv .Olive 'Nicholson, 194 Guerrero '
*tree&, - ' San\>Francii«cd:- .Silas • Adams,
7O6'.."Lat-kih," street. San Francisco; P.. '
,'Pages; Meiilo T^rk;.. Hilda Boss'e.-11-2
/Liberty.-; street^ -.San Francisco; M"ert«. ¦
• Su'^livsin. . Berkeley; Xorraan Borland, ;
•.MArtfne3;'.V.'. t v .Wood.- Menlo Park;.
Louise -"Wreath. Valjejb; Teresa Horn..
••ilare Island"; N*na Bell,. -Alamo; C- E..
. £uss?y; Vaileja; - Vivian Flnlejr^ Mel
.•rose-;'.Ks(her"S«fott. Santa Rosa: Ster
••.lirig^-Co.ultcr.". J't'anta Rosa; XJnd'say .
>*udc!, Dixem; Charles Briffjjfl. Sacra-..
'taSaiOi fili.-'-i "Ltish, Salsah City;-' Hi- ;.'
• r-anV-Fraih?r'.'"$*.iis.un ; "Th.eodorc Pmi.th.
•)687 Hayes street, San Fninclsc/); El- .
. fie-'XirhoIson, JJen Lo'mond; Elta Lah- :
"•"der!».-' > La.wrenc*; .Kirle Ballajityne, San
Jose;'.Har.r-y \Vhite, Brentwoqd; Ralph
•Bro«Ti. .875 Cfcurch gtreet. Sari" Franr"
cisco; M-* ••Mulvany. Berkeley; Karl".
So Buster-." ¦ 1"','.- Julian- avenue. Sail-
FranciSco; 'F.ar. Tnjseott. Petaluftia:
Mildrt-U- Smfth, 53* Turk street. San
Francisco; • i:ira Winneid. 1623 '. Xpe !
street. -ij-»-n Francisco; Edwin Powers. .
17.14-Glay streeuSan Francisco: .Mil- •
dred- Tude, Berkeley? Donald. Young.
442 "Fourt^pnih street. San Francisco;.- ¦
Johnnie Tourer GridJpy; Willie. Thom
as,.'-224' Elsie 'str'eej. San Francisco';'
Helen Lindhard, Sau?aIito;S.ara. Rirle- ;
eut> Lsrkeport; T.- R. .Santa
Rosa; Ann* Paul? Suisun* Hazel &*an:-
Eon. Alame-^.a; Zita Sar»ori, Petaiumaf
Anna' FaniLn. \v"atsonvnfe> A-i>dre".v
PanelL'7 Auburn stw»et. Fan Francisrq; .
Harry i:iatch!py,«&9S Pine street. San
Francisco; Wilianj Blatchley. S.'S. Pine
street, San Francisco; Dolly Pap*. 7Q*»t.
Hampshire street. San Francisco; Tes
eie MrKenaa, 53^ Hayes stre-t, STan
Francisco; -Loraine Seley. Wig" Jloni
eoinery street.. 5an Francisco; B. W.
Linderraan. *A ;a ~eda; Opa". Davison.
Oakland; Fra^ik- Spe»eer.*2296 IJrodet
lck strecC Sari" Francisco; D»
vany, 104 •Guerrero street. Pan Fran
cisco;. Lcora Johns. .10S1 Union stresl.
San Francisco^ Sidney Senke, Ttilare:
A. J. Thrasher,. Guernevllle; Waircn
Early. Pe^aluipa; Minnie Harmon, Pel-"
a edfre;" • I&tW Dickson. Petaluma:
Sarr.mie Hern.f Tulare;- Charlie Me-'
Gulre. S27. Treat avenue. San Frar- ¦
Cisco; R. .Cra'tt-Xord, 222SU Post street.-
San Francesco; • Dndley : Frost, Ala
meda; 11a i?nJdeT, Fall River Mills; "
Eddie Bcluni. 451 Tenth street. Say
Franciscc; GL- ¦ Cq.lb>eath. 112 Jonea
street. San'Fi»«!;iciSco; Gladys "Schulte. -
S15X. Dolores, street.- San VranclEcol
• Dora . SkoTT, Fruitvalc; -Mary Davis,
UftH MJssidn street. Sart Francisco:
Alice- Kleupfer. EMmhurstr Stanley
Fullalove. 2SWA Pine street. San Fran
' clsco; Ruth \; Wiles, ¦ Tulaf e; Calnio
Wiles, • Tulare;; ' M. Martin, 7 Gajerrero^
street, SaniYancisco; Larena 'PJilllJpa, ';'
1223 Jones Btrwet, San Francisco;- F." T. •
- Haines, S4*S Stockton street;- Robert Da-/
Ian, 172 . Hertford street. San Francisco;; :
-Robert M-aule.* Alameda: Harold Fla
harty, t «.% Pest San Francisco:
'Tresa Harman. 824 Harrison street, San .
Francisco: V. TlidemacheV, 1255 McA!
'lister Btreet., fan Francisco; Herman
Kihn, Alameda: Edwin Schroeder, Ala
ineda; . Lucile Browne," Los Gator,; B. '
..Provlnes.- San- Jose": Harry * Medland,-
San Jose; Marian Watson, 1466 Twelfth
street. Oakland; Pearl Van Metir. La
fayette; Otto* StaJchle.. Oakjand; Leo
Many. 1368 Grove ' street.' Oakland:
Genevieve Farrell, Petalun\a; Bonnyi
lin Luckhard;: Berkeley: Amelia De
rnaxtin. Wat^onville^ Nellie Cook.' 57*
Ellis' street." San' Francisco:' Ha^l*
San 'Jose; Xicholas" Lettiinlcb.
"v» r £tson%-flle: Ellsworth Mellon, Z7V AI
catra2 arenur. .Oakland;' Clafre John- .
eton.. San^PablorGuy Ktrkpatrlck,- Kel-
BfyvIHe: ' Ollie Edwards,' Bait*. .Crus;
Clara AJtken.' Kinsman; Maud, r RussfW.-
Hay-wards: Morhea. Welle, San- Jose;--.'
Eleanor Tongie.. llOS-'Potrefq . avemii\
San FTandsco; George Brown,* Walrint ' '
Creek: Joste lewin. *66 Castni street,
Oakland: Ro*a'ljeTrtn.'E6S Caetrp street,*'
Oakland: Louise- Mansion!-^555 Webster
Btreet, Oakland: Cbest«!r*Hnnter, Caite
tog»; Mini" l>arte. Port Costa.:' WH-
Usm Terry. RIchaioad: Albert Stein*
hart, Santa Clara: Esther Leon, Fow
ler: Harold Obeli. 1135 OT.arrell street.
Ean Franrfacb;' Edna. Morphy7 2523 Me- •
¦AITlrter street. Son Francisco; • Axiigus
THE-SAN^FRANGISGO- SUNDAY-GAL^:
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
;8n4 Send It to .
: the Puzzle Editor,
: V Call^ S. F.
To • Pnzzle Editor. Sunday GaXL *
6an Francisco: '';••'
.' Below in their, proper num-
bers please find my solatlon of
Four Different Trees' and' Four •
Lakes In 'America- represented
'¦in this week's ..Name Puzzles: -.
;V ::...,,C;v.^v ? ".....;.:
•. •••••«•«••«• »*• •-•• ••-•••••»«'
¦ ' •••*•••••••• *•¦»•«•••••«•«•
C51 IV 1 1 \Jh A • ' • • |f > • • # • # m m to^LM-M A
City ••••••••••••»»• *^+ + m *^*~» %^m-m
t ' - • *
|Spc Ll^t of Priz^^T)lantlc to .the Pacific and have made It
possible, for this (country, to become one
of the great world powers. \-i From \ the
mere^ commercial '. standpoint, , the * pur
chase "' of i' th'e 'Louisiana ; Territory ; was
a .wonderful .''bargain.'.'' J t This'.' great
central- western ••* region
most i intrinsically : valuable' portion-- of
the United ;States.t Its re
sources ahd'mlnefalfwealth'are equaled
In no .equivalent extent of; territory on
the globe." Its -.population has increased
from : less than . 100,000 at the r period of
. ' .Continued ; on v Page ; 19, Column ; 1.
same' until the year 1800. The terri
• tory «ast of : the Mississippi, in the same
year,' '1767* was ceded to Great Britain.
Napoleon r in the- year 1800, was First
.Consul of and by the secret
treaty of St. Ildef ori.so • reacqulred from
Spain the. old French territory west of
the Mississippi- The United. States, by
the Revolutionary war, had won sover
eignty over the territory' between, the
Atlantic Ocean and the Mississippi Al
though actually owned by France,
' Spanish, officials .were still In authority
at New Orleans, and the hostile atti
tude of these personages toward Amer
icans navigating the. Mississippi- re
sulteu in agitation which led Presi
dent Jefferson to undertake fhe pur
chase of the city and Island of New
Orleans, in order to control the mouth
¦of the Mississippi. River. Robert R.
Livingston, United States 'Minister to
France, and. James Monroe, afterward
President- of the United States (and
the far-seeing author of the "Monroe
Doctrine"), were commissioned to con
duct the negotiations for this transfer.
Instead of the transfer alone of.'. the
island of New Orleans, Napoleon— no
douM with the idea of getting rid of
a territory which at the time yielded
no revenue and which It would be em
barrassing" to defend, as well by reason
of great need of funds for equipment of
•Ills navies . an' ( 'c, armies— proposed the
sale of the' en{}e Louisiana: Territory
for $15,000.000—* iiich at the time seem
ed- a much vaster; sum than it would
to-day. • _.'""-
A RICH INVESTMENT. "
The city of St. Louis alone pays
\ every year to the United States Goy
ernment in internal revenue taxes a far
farg'ef sum than the entire^ T^vlsiana
Territory cost, and this '^reat exposi
tion held in the metropolitan city of the
territory has Involved in its completion
an expenditure nearly four .times as
great as was paid for ; the whole. ..,'
•The representatives - of the" United
States did not hesitate . to ; accept .' the
•proposition of the First 'Consul. _ The
treaty was ,.,^ned at* Paris, April 30,.
1803. The formal . transfer of 'the terri
tory followed at New Orleans December
•20 of the, same year at the old Cabildo
building — the seat of the J lbcar French
Government at the time; 'TheoIdCa
bildo building- has been reproduced • at
St. Louis in form and fullness as an'
object lesson ; for those .who . need 1 such
tangible association to fix the fact and*
Circumstance of great events. ;,It serves
as the Louisiana State building.
It is a fact that the present greatness
of the United States v would not :' have \
been possible without this ! territory. By
this purchase the extent of our , country
was more than doubled, and after this
the' way was made easier for the many
additional acquisitions ~ - of .>- territory :
which - have ' given ' th^.United * States ' a ,
broad,,unbroken • "expanse"'. from the At- ',
sittpi, .including -the *city- and island of
New* Orleans, to Spain, which -held the
ture, 'covering twenty acres. • South of
Agriculture Is the Palace of Hortlcul-"
ttire. Westward from the Palace of
Agriculture ; is; the Philippine reserva
tion l of forty/ acres, where twelve hun
dred : Filipinos are at home for the ex
position." * * ¦ ,
-The Palace of Nations is west of the
T-he Festival. Hall, which' is two hun
dred feet In diameter and two hundred
feet high,* with attendant colonnades"
on either side, and the .beautiful Res
taurant Pavilions terminating them,
closes the view on the southwest.
Upon" the: slopes - between the Colon
nades and the Grand Basin are the
great Cascades and Rainbow Gardens,
giving extraordinary color and life to
the scene.
5 -Behind ; the » Festival Hall are four
great buildings representing an expe'n
diture of .more than, a million dollars,
devoted to the display o.f - fine arts.
They contain . a ' total '-of one hundred
and thirty- five galleries, and the ex
hibits constitute the largest art dis
play ever' shown.
r The buildings on the west of tne
Plaza ; St. I Louis ¦ ' are the Palace of
.Varied Industries and the Palace of
Electricity:': The Plaza St. Anthony is
next 4 west, "of- these buildings. „¦'
" The Palace of Transportation, cover
ing fifteen' acres, and the j Palace of
Machinery, with its many towers, are
the next buildings 'Westward. Upon the
high ground,' southwest- of the Palace
of Machinery, is the Palace" of Agricul-
expansive -ever included within exposi
tion fences,, not only is the amount of
money expended the largest ever avail
able to an exposition, but the space for'
exhibits - is the greatest ever created
under palace roofs, and .the outdoor
displays' are greater.'; than ever known
before. .. '.* ' : ;"''..'¦ "
The grounds are 9500 feet long, and
6000 feet from north tb south, 'comprise
ing 1240* acres. Fifty-one .States and-
Territories Qf the Union and fifty-one,
foreign^ nations participate. The esti r
mated cost of the fair is $50,000,000. ' ;
. The 'magnitude of the fair, can.be
partially indicated by a glance at- some
of 7 the principal features'. ' What is
called the. "main picture" of the expa
sittan occupies the northeastern sec
tion,'and'with the Festival Hall, Cas
cade Gardens and Colonnade of States
as the key to the picture, one sees Ihe
great exhibit, palaces assembled along
:radiating avenues laid' out In the form
of a lady^s open -fan. " ; /.
From the' southeastern gate, around
the northeastern fronts of the .several
great buildings,' to the western limits,
the distance is nearly two and three
quarter miles.
¦ Four great buildings, beginning with
the Liberal Arts and -taking tHe -Pal
aces of Manufactures, Varied Indus-,
tries and Transportation, have a north
ern frontage of three hundred "feet
more than .a mile. The Government
building is upon a high elevation and
from its loggias and porticos many in
teresting views are obtained. The two
large buildings nearest the Government
building are the Palaces of Liberal
Arts and Mines and Metallurgy: Next
comes the Plaza Orleans and. the Pal
aces of Manufactures and Education.
.The broad space -which divides the
main group into two . parts Js- knoWn
as the Plaza St. Louis: The prominent
feature of this place Is the Louisiana
Purchase V Monument, i which stands^
near the north endof the Grand Basin.*
The surroundings 'of .this plaza fdrm"
the "central picture" of the exposition.
»• RESTAURANT FA V1LIONS.
In Philadelphia, in 1876, 65 acres were
covered.. . . • • .'.*•*.
In Paris, in 1899, 75 acres w*ere cov
.ered^ - V'vi'v J-'- 4 ' ' • ''* •¦¦;.'¦ '>*li
In Chicago, In 1893, 2*00 -acres, were
covered." ' " '
In Paris, in 1300, 123 acres" were cov
"ered." • ¦J-t '>-"-y-'"v- •¦'.' . ..
In St*. Louis,- in 1904, more than 230
acres }s covered' under roof.- .. " '.-" -
.-. Th'e -area of grounds, .of various .expo
sitions are as follows! '.-j; '..\ ' v "
. Trans-Misslssip"pi Exposition; -Ornahai
150 acres. " • . '•/: .' *"
Centennial Exposition,' Pblljiderphla,
236 acres. "• . .
• Pah-AmeMcan Exposition, Buffalo,
•300 acres.-. • ' • ;r •• ; V : •
. Paris- imposition, 1S99-190O, 338 acres.
Columbian Exposition,- Chicago, 1S93,
633 acres. " " . *;: s .'*'
Louisiana -Purchase Exposition,. St.
Louis, 1904, 1240 acres %
The .World's" Fair s'ite" at St. Louis
comprises 1240 acres. The total acreagt
jof the four larger expositions of this
country— Philadelphia, Chicago, Omaha
and Btffalo— was 1319 .acres. At Chi
cago the exposition grounds were 'con
tained in <>33 acres, a fract*ori mone
than half the size of trio grounds at St.
• Louis. In St. E.ouis the principal ex
• hibit palaces cover an area of 12S acres.
In: Chicago the : exhibit buildings de
voted to the* same purposes covered ari
area of *82.2 acres. The Pan-Araertcan
Expds'kion at Buffalo covered 300 acres,
and the combined exhibit buildings
were containe d in* an area of 13.1
acres, not quite equaling the* size of the
Palace of Transportation at St. Louis.
"The Trans-Mississippi Exposition at
Omaha was built on a 150-acre tract,
and tije exhibit " buildfrigs covered an
area of 9.3 acres.
The beautiful" site, of the exposition
was chosen June 2-V 1901. It is six
miles west of the Mlssjssipgi River at
the western limits of St. Louis and em
braces the west half of m Forest Park
and adjacent laends. No exposition has
.had'a more beautiful site. Its hills an'd
shallow valleys give It many charming
vistas and landscape features such as
have been Involved in.no previous ex
position layout. "Portions of the grounds
are . covered . with tall trees, among
which will be placed the various State
buildings and other structures. These
Qelightful groves will constitute restful
retreats for visitors when seeking di
version from sightseeing-^speclally
when the temperature may be high.
There were no such valuable adjuncts
to the exposition grounds in "Cfhicago—
though thejr would have been much ap
preciated during some of the warmer
days of the summer of 1893.
The principal exhibits palaces are lo
cated where was what was called "The
Wilderness" In Forest Park— a stretch
qf rolling country- where a dense forest
rose out of a j mass of tangled under
growth In which many wild denizens of
•the woods found refuge. The River des
Peres stole through in zigzag course,
adding much to the beauty of the re
gion. Until the exposition forces ad
vanced UDon it, "the wilderness"* con
stituted a feature of the park unparal
leled In the pleasure grounds of any
other city. In the midst of this "wilder
ness" one might have imagined himself
hundreds of miles away from the great
municipality. . cfS§f
The clearing: of the exposition site
was begun in June. 1901. The first
stake for the location of the buildings
was driven September 3, 1901/ and the
earth was first broken by President
Francis December 20, of the same year.
"Work on the Varied Industries build
ing—the first exhibit structure to be
erected— was begun February. 20, 1902.
•ada. ¦ . ; ', ;•.;..?
.- . The Administration building, Eth
nology. building". Hall of International
. Congresses and Woman's building are
near' together on the -high ground west
o'f the" foreign buildings. South of. the
'Administration ".building 1 , the large
structure is the Palace of Forestry,
• Fish and Game.- . • ,:"-> . • ..-j
•The 'jes.erva.tion of "thirty- acr.es for
. the* Government Indian .'exhibit and-an
. other reservation of six acres for ' a
. map of the United State's in ¦. living
•plants) are west of the Palace of Fisb,
' Forestry and Game. " •* •' . "
• T1IE GREAT FLORAL. CLOCK.'
Near- the Palaoe of Agric'ultur-e is the'
great floral clock," J12 feet in diameter,
and the" lake in which . the' United
States Life Savings Corps, giVe. daily
exhibitions/ - ;^ .rlrr
The Pike, the amusement street a of
the exposition, begins in the eastern.
; part of'tfje grou-nds.-with the Tyrolean.
• Alps,-, which -cover ten- acres ''or more,
"and winds around.'the .west end ct the
Transportation and Machinery palaces
to a point near the Art buildings..p.Tid
i«g with the reproduction of" the city
• of Jerusalem, which covers .eleven
. acr.es: • In this distance of nearly two
[miles' are seen the most novel en'ter
•tainments that ingeni6us" siiow men
have been able .to. devis^. ' '••/(:
. -Areas under .roof at various 'exposi
tions "are as follows:
Iii London, in 1851,- 21- acres were cov
ered. - •• . ;- •• *
' In Paris,^ln.lS67, 37 acws.were cov
ered." . - •' . : " - ¦*.-*
ST. LOUIS, April 30.— The- Louisiana
Purchase Exposition is the greatest
universal fair in . the- history of" the
world. -Not only is its area the most
Palace of Transportation. Among the
fine buildings here are those of Bel
gium, .Brazil, Great Britain, France.
Italy, China, Sweden, Austria, • Nica
ragua., Cuba, Mexico, Ceylon and Can-
- The bouisiana -Territory jnay be
roughly '¦described .'as that great tract
of lapd ..lFlng .beiween the Mississippi
River. 'ina the cr£st of the Rocky
Mountains. It la 1.171.S31 square -miles
in extent, zreater than the combined
areas of .France, -. Germany, England,
Bcotlaad/ Irela-ndj Wales) the Nether-
".The Centennial -Exposition of 1876, at
Philadelphia, called to our minds the
be~inhiVii;. a-, dentury- back, "of "the
tiaviU'lhat brought forth the young
jr-ia-n.t.- republic that soon was to- wield
gq'^arjfetari. influence In the destinies. of
the Qld'^ndf N'ew-XVorld. The "Coluin
b5a,n''; Exposition jat" Chicago,' in 1893,
' took u£ i>ack four, hundred years to the
time xtften-. European "eyes first beheld
the-jr?Jr'4ands .which gTeed of gold was
destine^ to curse- in one part and love
"of liberty to bless.'ip another.
?' .AvcorMng the fullest importance to
these arrt others' intermediate* the St.
'L«ui« "^xpositlo'n-/ opening to-day and
.tel-ebfat-ing the purchase" of the terri
tory -pf ±K3uteian.a from. France hi 1803,
•m^ifet bfe.-regard.ed the most import-
Ant mefeorlal .went of the history of
ttie Un&e!d.- States, and as a conse
queace,{.of the .history of .the American
continerii! pfnee the beginning.
¦ The great expositions that have been
held ip the United States have all- been
•fixed 4 .bf date ta commemorate the
leading fevents , in the. history . of the
•ntstern . continent . and our -ow.n re
publfc..;-;." " • . . vV;
Balboa, three hundred years before,
view ing" for the first time from the
crest Qf Mount ¦ Darieri' divide, now
about to be .sundered, the wide sweep
ing : wa.ves. of. the' unplowed Pacific,
beating^ the .thore below, claimed all
the lands washed by its waters- in the
rtame- of the .Jspanish crownl A bold
challenge, indeed. Even bolder though
vas the -action'of Monroe'andiLiving
ston in. taking: over ¦' on their own'per
eoncl responsibility; f,or. benefit of the
uaburh r jjetjera-Uons yet to grow there
on, the vast territory, four times as
great as France itself, suddenly offered
for sale to them by the man who ruled
and was Ffance— and- how much more
fraught- .with feood for the human race
than the' acquisitions of Spain resulting
from ?alboa:s claim.A fair measure'of
the imoortarice of the action of our
great- predecessors— Jefferson, Monroe
and. Livingston— may be -had from the
contemplation of -•its results, as now.
shown by : the States included at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition.
. HISTORICAL SIGXIOCAXCF-
."I have just given to .'England," .he
said, on the signing of -the' treaty .o.f
date April SO, 1603, ."a maritime- rival
that . wiH sooner or -later humble h'er
pride." Livingston said: "We. .have
Ii\.e6 lons : . but. this- is the nobLe.st work
of. our lives." Gayarre,' .the h-isto'Tian,
FP'jkeof the treaty as :\'the most" im
portant ever signed in the .nineteenth
cchtury.-ifit.be -judged by' its conse
quences -to the United States and the
rest of .the w-orid.-" - : ¦
\.2$oi ¦ vseeocdiary is". . tbe .value of- the
teachitigs of ; tne hrStortcal features .in
cident to, its Inceptioi' and 'the fervid,
feelings >f • patriotism Revoked, thereby
in the breasts :of i^ll true sons .of the
Stars-anclStripes.'.; •-.'.:""•.. " *
; \Xapoieoii BbnapaTte s'ofd the' IJouisi
ana territory jto- 'the tJnited Statesjiiot
frorn. .friendly, feeling- toward' .us, tnit
from hatred;.of,-E : ngiand t ..fo enbance'our
strength" and- rivalry as ajgainst her in
.the future and for t : h«'gold that would
give hiin the . means to make! further
fisht. against; her himSeif-Ht.he. gold'th'at.
equipped the battalions and batteries
that made his- glory. sTimc- v, : ith ; "the.
Betting feun-on the field of Austeriitz.
: .. 'iEi t:JL^iS/;Al^&^bk;- poors'- .of
•Jthe' : 'l«^lEtt^ivFUrcK^8* imposition -are •
¦ 'id'iaiif ingF- ; . 'VVdrid; • : ; :^ey ;} lint ted : : 'S tales.
V^iW^^fri^yiirtflfe^'^iAdwie ' . authority
¦a^d '^y ; -.>vhbW;"EBt»statitiai. support '.the.
•^ea^'-wbrk^-ajr ina^giirated to.
¦Jfjy -re^y ; : fbr Jts- : visitors/ 'affl xes -its
#taTn?P -;o€ ;rp ; 6i^itiph>jai}4-api?.roval.and:
xrand enlerpriise.; •which a;ggrefeates !ac
; tuilly : a«d rcjaUv^ly; .more;, of . Special
: ; *id "general interest "tb-inaia^iiid. {han
* ; a5 . seen . ever before '.inVaiiy', orie fHaee
- "bri- the face e;f ; thj?"^arthi '•• V .'•..•".:"" ." * : \
.¦..The fotir .quarters- of .the giqbe and.aH
¦^eVratioxjs; great -aftd :^kii. fretw£en
>jjj^ ;^c^ja^rt^-jyj^jEMaatl!4f • *-&? bygone
*;rrii .nearer ages:.; ajid . fc^re ihe .Tmjtny
races .will . ira.tfeer to ,'see 'and: profit, by
Vhalt -their ieii^w ; \Trien; : h'av.6 <iorte: : ¦-. '.'
ex
:pos"itijpn ¦. is| iri iti : ; '¦ -.Ifoi«« ..t&.e.. ¦ grandest
demonstration' . of V: fK* ; ;. iparch; - ; and
ach'iev etaent •" b 4 f •' :^i Vili^at ibji . jtha t .. .has
t'Y^r been attenjpted. v :';.'¦ ¦'¦ » _'.*'• **| * * ¦
; -In cost; area, grange "and operation': 0£
cxhlWt.-.^onV.eiiieiice .-ajnd ;.ac epmnvida- ¦
¦ iiun pi the ¦v-i^iting iiuj>lic,- a5?d : f till sat- .
4n Veverythirisf :t$,-'.bevc0*nsTd*red".-'the.
ne>v. reeo'nj •• ••" -. •;.
.!; Great J as-hlay' Tpe. the ; -materfrarl .ani}'
rhkasoirabie.; benefit* .'arising! from this.
exhibit bt '. iti& work :and ; . progress -.of
,^e. Rations ¦ and .races -\Cl \jhe »\>rld,.
.especially A s : 4t enows the .p.u£6om9 of.
thle" century.' of •: free: "ljf 6 jinde'r. . the .
American; flag,: of -year- by : ;yaar..! ncr ea3
iniff tniUtons, .^ho . have •. made .th.e ; vas t .
;\\iid covered bj- the I^oujtsiaiia purcba : se
sweet with., firagrahpe of fruit .a,hd.
flower* there is a still -Jarger ijehefit .to_
be had by: a'ji ¦Ameridaus, •great" . an4 •
'dzna.lL"-:'--'':- ¦'.¦¦ '".. ¦; 1 "'--'.-"l.' :- - -¦" .*." -"'. '• .
/lands/ Belgium;, Itajy and Spain. • .The *
:«nllre. Mississippi V^Hey originally be T
longed' to -France by right Of discovery
and /"exploration.-, In 1767- France trans
ferred" her' rights- west of, the "Mis'sis-
Display Spreads Over Area of
1240 Acres, Representing
an Expenditure of
$50,000,000.
Opening Day Finds Vast
Exhibition in Full and
Satisfying Readiness
for Visitors.
LOUISIANA PURCHASE EXPOSITION IS GREATEST
UNIVERSAL FAIR IN THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD
Pages 17 to 24
£|§£ft?|s|4
SAN ! FRANCISCO, SUNDAY,: MAY l;^19p4;One of the most beautiful sights the
eye "of man "could rest ujpon repaid the
Largest of Its Kind at Fair, San
Diego's Contribution Being
TJ»e Aeronautic Concourse, where the
airship contests for the $200,000 in
prizes offered -by the exposition take
place. Is Mn the western part of the
grounds^ The -Physical Culture build
ing and^ the Athletic. Field . and * the
Stadium with seating arrangements for
35.000 people are also in the western
section. ,s*~ ' .
MINERAL DISPLAY s
SIGHT
• In the space set aside for the; wine
Industry of California there stands to
day, handsome In its' outline and deco
rations, rfmljr . a... temple to the grape,
surrounded * by a circle of ornate
panels, but not a bottle, a cask or -a
decanter is-ln.slght No ruby nectar or
Bparkllag vintage teriipts the sightseer
or brings on an acute' attack of /cob
webs. " But this great Industry, which
tlje State . b«pes to*extend tp^eyery. cor
ner-; of the globe, is not tobe neglected.
•There- is a magnificent exhibit on '- the
;way— so great- that it could not' be'
got. to th.e -fair on 'Urn* and it will
not be In place bWore.May 15, so says
F.' A- : Haber.'. who; has ' been ; here since
Viticultural, Industry to Be Rep
resented hy- Magnificent Ex
•.hibit Now on the Way.- ¦:
TEMPLE TO GRAPE
IS W1ME EXHIBIT
Commercialism, softened-by the spirit
of the grape, is bending Its knee to art
in the erection of this temple. Chair
man Bundschu .of the ;; committee -has
been Indefatigable In his efforts to real
ize its success. The exhibit has been
got up .by the following California
firms : California Wine Association; A.
Repsold . & • Co., the Gundlach-Bund*
schu Wine (Compayy, C. Schilling &
Co.,' Lachman & Jacobi, French-Ameri
can Wine Company, California Wine
arid^BrtDdyTCoiripany, William Hoel
scher, & Co., the Rosenblatt Company,
Italian ' Swiss Colony, P: C. - Rossi,
Chauche~ & Bon, C. M. , Mann & Co.,
Napa_and. Sonoma .Wine". Company,
the. E?:g: ;Ly6hs-Rass Co..* the E. G.
Lyons ; Co., Goldberg, Bowen & Co., , A.
Finke's widow," Schlessi nger & Bender,
E. ftlartinonl arid Samuels Bfc-s. & Co.,
all of San ; Francisco";" the" Italian Vine
>-ard'Compahy;. H. J.Wallacott, South
ern California* Company, < Sierra* Madre
Vintage Company^ and ¦ Ed.VGermalne
Wine Company. Los " Angeles";. Brunn. &
Chabt, Oakvllle; : Dr. H. N. Cross, Dos
wine beakers. The two side entrances
to the temple are about eight feet high,
surmounted by statues of smiling Bac
chante with wine cups In hand. - '.:
The four wine casks are roomy and
will supply a private office for Manager
Haber and also sample rooms for the
entertaining of visitors. ¦
Garlands of : vines - and leaves of
autumn tints and huge bunches of
California grapes of eve/y color will
festoon the temple from the apex of the
cornice to the tops of the casks. " •
The circle of panels and the temple,
will be gilded In solid gold bronze, with
the exception of the Bacchus heads,
whlth^will be in old ivory and. ttie.
backs of the panels In dark chocolate
color, relieved by etchings In gold.
The Golden Wine Temple, when fin
ally complete, will be one of the most
beautiful creations in the Agricultural
building.; To create an esthetic en
vironment mottoes and wine lore from
the Bible/ and the greatest • English,
French, German, Italian, Latin and
Hindoo. literature will grace the col
umns of the temple, and words of
cheerful welcome and statistics of the
growth, volume and expanse of the
California wine, industry/together with
the names of every wlne-produclng
county In the State, will be artistically
displayed.
California cheese is exhibited with
the caseine products of other States in
a special space.
The honey,' cereal and dried fruit
space is 20x70 feet and is located In
the. northwest corner of the California
space. There is a wonderful display of
these products, gathered from all parts
of CAllfornia. Canned and smoked 'fish
are also shown In this space.
—San Joaquin. Fresno and Kings;
Southern California group— Lo» Ange
les, Sqn'ta Barbara, San Bernardino,
San Diego. Ventura and Orange; coast
counties— Santa Clara, San Luis Obispo
and Monterey; bay counties— Alameda,
Contra Costa and Solano.
- Besides the county displays there are
two exhibits in this space entirely
under the State Commissioners. One Is
of dairy products and the other of
dried fruits, honey and cereals.^ The
dairy display Is contained in a
8x8 feet, which is taken up by a re
frigerator with a front of double plate
glass. .'At the. back is a model of Cali
fornia and her shield made of butter.
The figure is human size. On shelves
are canned milk and cream. Space is
allowed at the rear for the judges to
tnter and test. the products. ' ;
- The space occupied Is 44x52 feet and
is connected with the main California
space, though Its position places it very
near the center of the building.
The feature of the completed exhibit
Is a complete circle of panels about
eight feet high'and two and a'half feet
wide. Each panel will contain eighteen
quarts of wine in bottles, each b . ottle
resting on a glided rosette. There are
seventy-two of these panels, represent
ing thirty-four exhibitors. Each panel
Is surrounded by an ornamental shield
and the bottom by a decorated barrel
head, the shield giving: in gilt letters
the name of the firm and the barrel
head the vineyard, or trade mark of
the exhibitors. This Inclosure > Is built
of decorated 'staff and; surrounded
on all sides by; wide r aisles. which i give
access and ."exit through four highly
decorated entrances.
In the. center "of the circle is the
temple of eight columns, twenty-eight
feet high, the capitals of which form
Bacchus heads, supporting a cornice
decorated In vines and grapes, with
bottles to' come, and surmounted by
eight festive ' bears.^ qiiafflng good : old
California wine. The legend "Califor
nia". Viticulture" is prominently , dls- M
played._This temple is placed on a-dr
cular platform three feet from the floor
and reached by a series of five' steps.'
This "Golden Wine Temple" has a
•diameter of about' twenty' feet/'the
Inner circle being about eleven feet
across, and openings betweln the
columns "three and a half. 7 feet v.ide.
The; fo.ifr.. corners of the. circle .are.
guarded; by; huge wine casks of , staff
jfourteen; feet high arid ; five feet across,
prof ii«ely /decorated In relief with & vines
and grapes bearing the legend "Cali
fornia' Viticulture'.* arid surmounted by
statues of garlanded! BacchlVhbldinz
.- There will, be no more striking- pr
attractive exhibit In the whole Cali
fornia section than the wine show. - It
la to tre made unde'r the California
Commission by the Vitlcultural Com
mittee 'tit California Joint Exhibitors,
consisting of Charles Bundschu, P. C.
Rossi and C. E. Bowen, the latter being
represented by C. Wetmbre.* ,
April 10, seeing that the design for the
elaborate display was properly carried
out and who will remain in charge" of
the exhibit during the fair and teach
the/gospel of the grape to the "multi
tude.
With Her Baskets Laden to the Brim California
Makes a Showing Fairer Than Any.
The facade inclosing the 'space is fif
teen feat 'high and lsr decorated with
everything grown, in California. Sur
mounting, each, of the 'thirty posts is
a twenty- foQr-inch'- vase filled" with
pa/npas plumes c and over, every .arch
way the name California is spelled but
tn twenty-tvvo-ineh letters, jnade' .of
branyes. Suspended from the center of.
each" of the$e .'arches 'is a large bell
made of papier mache' • and covered;
with : .cereals.- The ' pedestals of -the
columns supporting the* beams are out-,
lined] wi^h panels .<?f palm- stems. These
pedestals -haye .a large open space, In.
which is shown "fruit and vegetables in
iaraC' The, co'uhtns and beams are co.v
ered-^wlth. green burlap, outlined and
-.? r.n a Op Vnted with f-ancy figures done Ih
vatt.-icolorea • drfed; fruits "and nuts, ¦
Inside, th.13' gprgeous facade with" Its
rfchritssof green and gold is set a scene
wHjoh" wIIllBng UngV.ln the' vision .of
those who [ behold It and the fame of
-which; jviil. 'doubtless' be. carried about
'•the world. Every county - exhibiting
.has.Qone-i'ts utmos$ and eve.r.y county
has produced, something that- Is' beauti
ful a"od reflects credit upon the State.
Each* *has -some ce'ntral feature And
handsome, rich" " and harmonious deco
fatlojis. TJj.e whole -blends in.to a great
show, that' "iV on« of "the finest sights of
$he exposition. Towers, obelisks, "col
• unjnf,' pyr.arnlds and . other structure,
of various design, all bearing .the rich
frui.tf ge of the .sections" they represent,
. rise throughout the. Inclosure. and all
abpm them -thropgh glass and'Hpon
stands "and .pedestals are seen the
tokens of California's productiveness.
Thfere Ax^s- twepty-four counties rep
reEfented itr thfs exhibit; • Nevada' Is
- represented only In- the Minmg bujlding
•and. Riverside : in '-the Hoftloiiltural
.building o'nly. /The : twen.ty^f our are "as
follows : Sacra-men id E)ev«lopme*nt As
socfation grouj>— Sacramento) 'Butte,
Placer, Yolo.Tchama, Glenn", Sutt'er,
Yuba*. and- Colusa;":.San"*Joaauin Y»lley
Nq other State was' given the privi
lege of making a collective exhibit" In
ihe "Agricultural building. California
'As' also the only State ; represented by
counties, pren fresh fruits -will be
added to tier exhibit in -this building.
They will bs.used for .embellishment.
She has 22.5W square feet of space for
.this- exhibit. 46t)O feet of which is used
,!for'wine display. The- 'space is in the
Fhapc of a T, the' cross part -of which
is against the wall.. The space lies at
.the front of . the balldfag next .-to the
e'ast or "majn entrance; which }s .at.
•the. center ef the building and'next to
.the Intermtirai; railway. The cross of
the T is 191-Teet long 'and the -stem 202'
•fee* Ions from the wall. . - ' "
TYPICAL MISSION STRUCTURE, WHICH HOLDS CALIFORNIA'S EXHIBIT.
In the "outside" minlns display Cali
fornia gives a show that will prove one
of the great attractions «£ the fair. A
ravine runs up from t;i»» southwest
corner of the Mines building and In
this there are two quartz mills 'which
will be In full operation, three concen
trators, a slaj generating plant and &
hydraulic giant, which will throw wa
ter 200 feet against a bulkhead.
There is an arch in this display five 1
feet wide and with pillars six feet
square, all composed of indestructible
building material produced in the State
— sandstones, granites, marbles, terra
cotta. glazed brick ana other materials.
There are twenty contributors to this
arch.
Gold and gold ores show in* great
richness in "the California display.
That State .exhibits seventy varieties
of minerals, forty pf which are worked*
commercially. • . * •
thousands of visitors to" California's;
mineral display, which is under th&
supervision of Lewia E. Aubury*. Cali
fornia's State Mineralogist. This dis-.
play is the largest of this sort made'
by any State. "It occupies a space 43v
105 feet and the central figure and one
of the most attractive things at the'
fair is contributed by San Diego' Coun
ty. This is a . lapidolite column ar.ii"
grotto, which constitute a dazzling
sight. The column is twenty-one feet
high from the floor, three feet ia dlair.-^
eter.-and.ls surmounted by "a ball vt
crystals five feet in dianreter. Th«_
grotto, on the convex top of which*
the column nests,- is a perfect globe,
nine. feet in diameter, half of It beins
belotv the floor. Through an opening*
visitors can gaze into it and a sight
m«ets their eyes that* they will not soon
forget. It seems as if one were look
ing into a room full of the brightest
gems of. the earth, the grotto b#ing:
Illuminated. The lapidolite used ia
brought from the" mine .at^P'ala.
There Is" -a splendid bl^ax display
from Death Valley "and an adjunct of
this, is .a twenty-mule, team and
wagons, such as were used In: bringing
out this product. This team Is one ot
the features of the grounds, as it
drives *to various points..
• Nevada County, makes her* her -oaly
display at the exposition, but Is one*
that caufes throngs -to linger aad mar
vel. • She* has a $25,000 mineral cabinet
and will soon have on display the
$2500 bunch of nuggets presented . by
that county to President Roosevelt
when he was in California.
Only California' ' Is " Represented
* 'in Agricultural Bnilding of/
.' ¦ . Fear bx Counties. - ' '
There are about forty . varieties of
fish shown in casts on plaques rang
ing . in size from ' the half-pound trout
of the Sierra to a 525-pound black bass
from Catalina. There Is also a display of
files.
There are all kinds cf ornamental and
commercial woods in the display, the
redwood burr and California laurel,
highly polished, being among the hand
somest specimens. There ; are mam
moth pine and redwood planks. One
piece of fir timber Is twenty-two inches
square, and forty-fpur fe«t long. There
are slxtJ-^-three varieties of California
cabinet wood exhibited. The total dis
play contains 300 specimens.
Among the logs in the "outside" dis
play, they being- too heavy and bulky
to go inside the building, are some that
would supply lumber eno'ugh to build
a. house. There is one yellow pine log
144 feet long, fifty-two. inches in diam
eter at the butt and forty inches at the
upper cut; one sugar pine log seventy
four lches in diameter,-, cut ajive. and
another sixty Inches -in diameter, also
cut alive, which means cut ii* p!.anks
and then put together again, so the
size of the log win show.
Thomas Up *"h has charge of this
display.
In the southwest portion of this
building is a space 25x25 feet, devoted
to California fish and game. Displays
of game birds and ducks are made by
Los Angeles and by the Sportsman'^
Association of Sacramento. Both are
excellent. • " v .
The great wealth of California's im
mense forests is shown in the For
estry, Fish and Game building. This
Is a display that brings close attention
from the captains of " industry and the
great financiers as well as exclama
tions of delight and admiration from
the 'general visitors. Perhaps nothing
more beautiful was ever sho'wn in pol
ished woods, nothing more surprising
in size of log and board.
The space is backed by planks from
three to 'six feet in width of commer
cial wood. There is « facade of .Cali
fornia • redwood showing 'different ex
pressions and beautifully carved. There
is one wide arch and two narrower
ones in 'the facade, which is twenty-'
eight feet long and fifteen feet high_
At one end Is a canopy with a.-deep
paneled celling. This contains a gTeat
variety of floors and sashes..
Exhibit Attracts Attention of
¦ Captains of Industry and
Great Financiers. -
FORESTS' WEALTH
WELL DISPLA YED
Mesas; Dresel & Co., Sonoma; Califor--'
nia Winery. Sacramento; Paul Masson
Champagne Company. San -Jose, and
W. S. Ktyts, Howell Mountain.- "-
STATE IS FAVORED '
ABOVE JfLL^OTHERS
th- Golden State in t£e Agricultural
building make- a bewildering show by
themselves." . Eyery^-' Galifornian who
saw t£at -display could* we!l» say with*
pride,- •"This is- my. own, '^my native
State." • • • ¦
! In* the Horticultural huilding Califor
nia has another magnificent dispjay.
'but. it wilr f=how in its. greatest beauty
.when the fresh- fruits' begin coming In
.*nd are sent on from California. :.-
San Bernardino also has .an irriga-:
tion exhi.bl,t here, showing the. conduct-"-
Ing of .water" by mountain aRd,.tunneL .-:
The. ele'phant in 'the center of the.'
Horticultural *building display Is made; •
of products of the soil and* not of. bones .
and flesh. It is. ten and a "h'alf feet'
high and .rests "on a pedestal veneered"-"
with glass casing holding walnuts. Cto.C^
each side rises a pillar twenty-two feet...
high with ba?es four and a h/alf feet-.,
square, one. of these structures belns ',
veneered with .walnuts ••encased ' In ,
gjass. the other with almonds*. It took*
two tons of nuts to- carry oiSt-'fhis-:
scheme. •• * . ".],¦
" Apples from last year and oranges
were the only "fresh fruits in this dUjr-.
play to-d.ay,- but there .was- every sort- "
of fruit in jars and it had* a luscftms-'.
appearance'. . • • ,*. " .
There Is a. wonderful collection of*i.n- ! !
sect pests in this display and it is of'-
great interest to fruit growers. ." "•*".'
The processing and handling of or
anges is a feature that proved attrac-'- '
tive. .
•Fresh fruits will be displayed here- ,
in great profusion during the season •¦".
and fruit trees of all sorts -will bo •'
shown. Oranges are now .being re-- '
ceived in great .quantities. . . • • :,".-
• ST. LOUIS. April '3&— Looming up.
in the southwest - corner of " th«? *
Horticultural building is .a greal
elephant mounted on, a. pedestal- This
Immense anifnal attracts the glance
from most any portion of the "biff build
ing. It was erected by Southern Cali
fornia and stands In the center of Cali
fornia's dispfay in this structure Here,
the. State makes another magnificent^
display, but as" compared by space ft Is.'
not near so great as that in the Agf i
culturai building, as it ocduple* bye.
S500 square feet, of space. .C. L. Wilson
of Los Angeles is ip" charge, of this
play. • • • ••' • • ".
The corner is reached through tour:
great mission arches, more m*ssriv»
than those of the. agricultural exhibit
facade. They ar* twelve feet wide and
thirteen feet hig"h. The pillars of the«e
arches are surmounted by date palms
from eight to ten feet high;%sent from'
Golden Gate Park in San .Francisco.
Los Angeles and Santa Barbara.- Over
each arch, the name California stand-
out In great letters Ynade of oranges,
and the whole structure Is outlined in
oranges, at the base" being faiity '.
touches of palm stems . and, Oklif ofnitk •
bamboo. ' '"'•
Every county . represented In th«|:
Agricultural building is" also, represent-
ed In the Horticultural buijding. but;
there is one other-in the latter. struc- v
ture — Riverside. 1 This county makes its .
only display here and It Is"' one of the:
most important in. the California, dtt* '
play. Its most -important, feature U-a.
practical demonstration, of." Irrigation;,
as carried on in -Calif ornfaJ; This.ex.-r"
hiblt sjiows soil, foliage and jfunniiur. *
water, outlining the system that brings.,
water, from the Sierra -Madre • 3Ioun— •
tains; also the*, pumping and artesian: ¦
systems: " ..-."-.¦.
That : iri.;ft^ wonderful advance Ir>
other lines 'California, has liept: ab^eaat
«f all beV sisters and" the world inteilec
.tually»^her diepiaV in 'the Educational
building sh"o\rs_- Here -is ano'tber tri
oimph '/or her ajid .a silent -testimonial
.to. vestehi .culture, .which is, sjiou-ii to
b« not onebij'bfehln'J^that of the oldesu
¦cth.tef's^of 'pppulation^'-' The progVessiye
FpirU-.-and* jhV"i>ursult.jof ' the "higjier;
.Idea'U.'jh 'development of 'tBe rn.ind are
manifested. in 'what Cattfqr^ia shows
•if.iief school and unfvenBlt jr .work.! • -
Th'ej-Cajiforfji^ "coLeny . nftw' here- Is
hikhlv- elated /at the", result" tfnd' feclsr
v^tlsfied • 'thai '-a. 'compieta* success : has
.r>tt?n .' a.tta4ne<L- .Th* CpmniissJ{»nera
have: worte-d \ /hzrg.' to secure ehlargeVl
: vat-?. an4 '*ptfd£i contesEronp.-; Host o£
iti<* CalifornCans-arfi" pretty' 'tiredv* for!
they have worked . almost unceaulngly 4
cince the .tastalllngV-of jexhibltj-b>ganj
and their' labors haye^.t^en'- unusva'lly
arduouVdurtajr tii'efew days next pre
ceding. tli.e ' 6peMng\.. 'the displaV 1^
about .SO .per i'ent cbrhpleted; which- Is!
a showing equal' to that' -of any other*
Stale and* tjctterthan raost<)f-then>.- •
Much credit "is given The-C^ili for. tie
results- " obtained, praises' * for that
paper are- heard amoarg- .Callfornlan?
here on every t haixl. Its policy of setr
ting-fortfr th'e.-pate-s -resources and'
progress tajits .coluam.g. has tflmurated
th» EpirJt.Qf activjtri that exists there
and spurred --the' -people on ta greater,
effort and\sw.elh?d : . their .fn.'thtf
various. nec.Uons In Vh"i]ch thfy tesJdel*
Th/» •profusion" of.- ; preserved tnilid' %
fresh v^etapl^&. oranges;- aiiples, 0H9
¦wines, ntite; raisins', -cereals. figs'
and. all # t?>e . other .vaTfed. prodBcts - o x-
\VESTERX jCULTJL'liE.
. '.' ST.. "LOUIS. April 24.— California was
¦•"'ligirt iat. the' front. v. hen the reunion of
.^;he. ; jxprlds . nat.iqrs ca the plains af.
'JliSjEocri "opened to-day. Her raiment
¦ttznt/iir and'hef smile of the sunshine
\bjjL upon the western ssa. Re
.'.' t ; por.s-i\e :siniles came. from all the mul
:•' t-itufiej ; aV.d. v,arm enctrniium, too. The
. .vorld -Y.es there In contest and the
a. or-Jd: was there to judge. When the
' .cay Vicsed -no cror.n fairer than that
'.'s.os by. California rested upon any.
l^avjsh In .h*r display of the charms
,- V:ith which she is so prodigally blessed,
,-. f>hearrj??ted the eye of the world as it
•• jhronged by and cordial approval came.
-.'Of aH the American sisterhood, so rich
' *i£E resoqree.^ none • enjoyed a greater
rtriamph: tlaa-n tb\s younger, member
'rrctri. the-. Pacific's balmy edge; That
-**0rsion of "bioorr. and bounty lying
•'.y.-itj;in -th-t ' green and gold facade will
y'ltpsrcr.- in -rhairy a mind from to-day.
;• .find? It is /yet to CH-vvith delight and
" : Hrrfejr.Lr? r.ce < trillions" more. "
r. 'ifxiizri all corners xA the nation 'came
;^h*;:£taV«;. with.- their .special .boasted
¦;. ¦^rodu'V^s jand" s^t them ' proudly dawn
'ytyt:.»Tfy.\o eqaal .{hat could and for the:
Varpt^tM KBtUbp* to admire. California
--«,-%«he". -wfth/'fier flush of. confidence and
;.':J&s£«tj5"._laVJ»a to : .; the: brini. "G?zing
t&e- fair .'display.- she sa<«.»:
; :you .'.this -.and this • and this
'\0&3£ f|.y -you; have and beyond -all. that
i;-"4]pe.iifeese ; ;' '^Edfihe-.flac^ about a pro-.
VBifjCEi' : df:.pro6ucts.ot"soil and mine, of
[ &<t$£t~-&cS''-.Fea;*:©! : jneadow and stream,"
•."an/jV-hvir rr.err£ lament er rang, at the
-^stoni^hmenV that- coujd not be con
*-V#*!itd".; :.;Stif . threM- wide her arms and.
'•'gTLVej-raiTtaUon 1 to States and '.nations
•:tp;-:<v)Tpe;an4. -s*«- the -land where -the.
•;^!!»; ".glooms always and .all -thV frcfts!
:V-f; the: earth; I *i a J'. be." grown.
;- '{, ist/on "ail-;thftsIe;Acres of exhibits cbv
; ex&'itsy'ihi^r<)pl:bt th$ sreat Agrlcirt
:j|bura.l..b-uiMIng..tbfce was but -one large^;
vth^n :tHai;of^ta^forci' arasft none, that
;<^»iud:*cjaar 11 In ¦•Variety of product". The
. <r?ti$.''.i5pace" injure .extensive- was! that 'of
:; ; the 'Moxncr^s'tate of the exposition^ .Mis-"
¦ hes.^ext to that .'of Cali
.f.-fonjia. •' Scarcely. "was* tli^re a passing
.;wapd4rer . f roin " any part of ihe globe"
:si;ho .was ' not; anracte^ ' by *jomethingr
¦ : deaJr.'to. : hrm in California's, exhibit.' .
¦ the •. people *»tream«a .throughout j
\ilte: greit-.'buiJdipg. .wondering, at the
¦tte^uty..of.}the-. exhibits', they- were ar
.Jhesi^d'.-.'.'.by; ; ihe. • xia-me, .¦*)Calff ornia,"
'wrought in ; golden, orahges 'against a
; j^een ; ; l&cjrgr^tjftd - ;that • blazed from
: tJurdbsrijr..'of : the facade # in.
,iw'enty-t ; vi:G>-iiioh.;reUers. : • FaF afiove
>>siiaV«a"; eliister*. "ot,. pampas 'pLurnfcs and.
! : ajl."ah^ut:;wa4;a:jjrofii£j6n- of the soil's."
..jprftducts^that'. brought exclamations t»f
' 'su.ftiiris?*. *ve"&: ; ir'om 'that'.-tferbng-' which
"Wiu.^5tttni; ;. .itself • [lotb " - ihe- 1 rarest;
vjsual rfe4et .ia eyer^ directioi* tiie earth
b£torfi-ltC"' None .could pass
•CaUfijiinii.iwJtH.o'ut dAUian.cc under her •
. € smile;^.nd'.i-|ohg|rig tor, the iand by the .
send'oVrtf " ?>eas; % \vhere - "lyatnre-is ' evec
¦ kfnd;ap.d ifrailtpand^'flovfers -ripen.' and
i irfoom.'.fo.:r aji" -ij-h'6 ;"will 'plfiok. •. *. •'.*.,
- ¦ "-At . itilg . *x'posi tioti • tos da y "was shown
¦> vtrpte. '• thjs ipiciOp : greater
•'than i jA.e--'m"erry .'Murderer, I>raJce, . e.ver
dreained tcr pt-the .cruel-Cort£z.ever
•J?ope*'.tH:wre.st :irpm. .Ih'e ; dti'e.s -of the -
¦A^tecs^ " I.V.:^»ajs. /discovered/: after the
¦" fiVer*'.for". : gohi : fead ; cooled, - b"y -thoke :
brave* pibn;eef& wh!o 'Jeft tX4k. very • sec- ;
tJoii;. Hhe&. tfie frit ' : Vv*est.-. 'Httle . mor«
. th.an-t5/ty jrear&ig'oUand he'wfed trails;
.througH :C5r*s;t_'an,a./3ver sltsu-htain. to"
the;.oc*ir > >-ritp'.-V;Ovi?r those, trails -the
i/tJrt '•horse v nQw, thunders, anjd the rallv
reiad/train; is;; the ; unroinan"iio: twentieth"
cectjary -aqro^y jth^'t. Is .hdngiiig this
wfilttfiof cejbeal': atvi/vihe ., «.flia fryftV
'from- the p»y" jt^rthost \NJest "back" to.
the" - : 4anff>;w"hence>''tiioj5<.' /"argonauts*
• feet\otiVffor;-fte-^epj?ye-j}t the -*-ortd to..
\t-onfle v r-ati\;-.; ''¦" : -;: 1 . .• .;:.•••'. •/'•"¦. :" *
• .-. Ihiey.eryt;;p2cL,o.C the greit. fa{'c. where. •
•the general : >fsii:oT.. 'casts his' eye. and
«-Kej;e* progress;.an<l. res6u'r-ci "are air T 
<erti8ed..-^ajif<5rnia is rejiresent^l. Her
agrtcifUural, horticultural, mineral and'.
.forestry aiipiays are,, of. ; -i*purs*,'ther
greatest trtumpts- byt young as she; Is, .
ehe :l» ntst'withb.nV her .majniiactures
a.nd'4.b'e creditable^dj'splay madfe' i'n'.'th'is
line shows - the* .world '. lLh?it ; greater
manufacturing -progress' wiU.-bf" hers In.
ih.e years '.-to *cbme.- .' ». * : '.. •¦• •
Giant Elephant
Makes Loca*
tion Plain,
tewish Display
0 Attracts At*
0 iention.
Southern Part of
State Is Well
Represented..
Exhibit of Golden
Wins Ap*
:': proval. •
CALIFORNIA STANDS IN THE FOREMOST RANK AT THE REUNION
OF WORLD'S NATIONS IN THE FAIR MISSOURI METROPOLIS
THE S AN FRANCISCO- CALL, SUNDAY. MAY 1, 190i.
18Continued on Pace : 20. Column 3, . ,
Europe/Asia; ; Centrar and •. South
America; Australasia and '¦ some /coun
tries of Africa,- independent '.and-'.de
pendent, have also with Interested;en
thusiasm Joined .in the effort to make
this -display - one up to » date and '.with
liberal • .^ appropriations, " aggregating
nearly $7,500,000,*; arid - ranging from'; the
tens of : thousands .well up\ to j the;mil
lions, - are* ready , to show .where ;1 they
march 1 in the~ great ; processio'n bf prbg-
Foreigners Join . Enterprise: With
•Enthusiasm and the Nations.'
¦; Send 'Their Best. " : -fe'
OTHER COUNTRIES
WELL REP11ESEMTED
surrounded the Grand Trianon at Ver
sailles that gave to the great European
republic the name of "Sunny France."
These gardens have been reproduced at
the World's Fair, and any Parisian
would Imagine himself at home on the
large French reservation. '
Japan, China, Germany, Mexico,
Cuba, and many other nations of both
hemispheres, have' surrounded their
homes at the exposition with gardens
thqt show- the flora of their lands in
their best array.
•In the World's Fair greenhouses 30,
000,000 plants were propagated lor the
embellishment of the gardeps. In the
gardens^ surrounding the Agricultural
and ". Horticultural palaces and the.
State and foreign buildings were used
as many plants again. • Add to this the
forty acres of - nursery where were
grown the shrubs and ornamental trees
for the- completion of the landscape,
one "may" have an idea, of the Immen
sity, of the task the World's Fair land
scape architects have accomplished In
turning a wilderness into a garden that
contains flowers and plants from every
known clime.
...'At', this point. It Is well to make some
reference to the ! men who are carry-
Ing out ' this great work. As at Chicago,
there^are here two great governing or
ganizations, the. .United. States Gov
'ernment Commission and the Louisiana
Purchase^ Exposition... Company. The
formerbody (Its members appointed by
the President of "the United States) Is
supervisory.' The -latter has direct
charged of "the organization, building
and maintenance of .the exposition. The
Louisiana Purchase Exposition Compa
nywas' incorporated April 24, , 1901. Its
directors • include fnlnety- three of the
most; successful,' liberal, and broad-
ress and reap the benefits accruing
from their ¦ enterprise.
The. T States of America and the na
tions of "the world have united in cre
ating landscape effects on the World's
Fair grounds at St. Louis that one
could, not witness elsewhere unless he
traveled ~ the earth over. - "
. ,On the two square miles comprising
the . Louisiana Purchase Exposition
may be seen gardens of the desert and
the marsh, mountain and valley, the
formal f gardening of the city park and
the .natural gardens of the wildwood.
The' quaint little flower of the frigid
north r may r be -.found a short distance
from .the' gorgeous blossom that* rarely
attains perfection elsewhere than be
neath 1 - the .equatorial sun. .
The . landscape artist at the
World's .Fair had thirty-five miles of
roadway r .to; embellish with lawn and
shrub.:, In: the. gardens of the cascades
is;shown .the most pretentious "creation
of formal gardening ever undertaken at
an exposition. Here are great stretches
of -• velvet ';¦• lawn between streams of
crystal water, bordered by millions of
gorgeously, colored blooming plants and
! brilliantly; tinted foliage plants. Tow
ering -tpalms^and green bay trees stand
as . sentinels ; at points of vantage and
accentuate, the beauty of the more.gor
geous'but less stately flowers. * .
; In another section Is a rose garden,
ten acres ; in extent — the largest rose
garden*, in the world. The ,75,800 rose
bushes, 'i with th'elr million blossoms,
produce va" beautiful ¦ bewilderment' of
color and\ fills the 'air with .'. delicious
perfumei- \ :
.."Great Britain . reproduces a typical'
English'; garden of . a . couple ¦; of centu
ries ; agone.'i and shows the flowers of
our 'grandmothers in a state oi perfec
tion ¦ scarcely, dreamed of. ;
'-" It ;' was *; such gardens I as these ' that
hibita : from the Philippine Islands, Ha
waii and Porto Rieo. "A tract of -forty
acres has been set -aside for .the Philip
pine exhibit, which is bounded, on the
north, and east ; sides by the arms of
Arrow Head Lake. : . . ¦,
A colony^ of '1000 Filipinos, selected
from evenr tribe in .the 1400 Islands
comprising the group, will live, on the
grounds during the exposition. ; 'Their
aquatic sports will be conducted on this
lake. !Thelr habits and customs .will
be iliustrated in their daily.'life, and
their, handicraft, shqwn by: practical
methods, Not , the least Interesting' of
these tribes will be a family 'of .tree
dwellers, who make their honies, in the
tops of trees, and live in a "very , prim
itive way. * Interest will center^ largely
upon the' exhibits from these outlying
possessions,' for the reason ..that "the
Philippine Islands, . Hawaii and Porto
Rico -never "have officially ' participated
in an American exposition. "-' ' '- ,' -
800 feet, long by "250 feet wide,' Js the
largest exposition building evex\ con
structed by the Government.- "in addir
tlotr-to this Is the Fisheries Pavilion.
135 feet, square; . : '. ':'¦¦ -• "/ '¦ . '¦¦'.'¦ -.: •:
The Postoffice . t>epa.rtme'nt-:operat'es.
the' Exposition Postofllpe. as a rhad.ei.
Institution And as 'an' exhibit. 'Into this,
office a model -raflway 'car. w.ilj .run
daily. Through the glasjS partitions the
visitor may see all the] operations of :fi
large postpffice. arid, this .labor-saving
devices iii •dally". use; Methods -of han-:.
dllh'g mall In .'Alaska,' Porto : Ricoiapd.
the-' : Phiirpp!nis . are. Illustrated, and
there are many reljcs of. postal history.
Several bureaus of the " Departine'nt
of Agriculture are represented by new
and 'Interesting* displays. These in
cjude a six-acre map of the United
States-, the paths upon the map cor
responding: with the State boundaries. .
and grawing in each State plat are the
.economic- plants peculiar to the State..
Methods by which the Government is
advancing the interests of agriculture
through its Bureau of Plant Industry,
the Astro-Physical Observatory, the
We.ather Bureau, the Chemical Bureau,
the Bureau, of 'Entomology, 'experiment*
stations. Burr .ai of Forestry, Bureau
of Animal Industry, are clearly shown.
The . Treasury Department shows,
among other Interesting things, the
original warrant drawji on the treasury •
for the purchase of the Louisiana Ter
ritory.. The life-saving drills are a part
•f'the dally programme. '•
Forty thousand dollars for an Indian
exhibit makes possible a most interest-
ing feature illustrating the progress of
the Indians, under the direction of the
Interior Department
The United States . Fish ; Commission
surpasses all its ' former efforts in the
display of fish from not only the Atlan-
tl.c and' Pacific coasts, . the lakes and
rivers of the United States, but from
the Philippines and .other possessions.
Among them is the sea monster known
: as the electric-light fish.
The War Department illustrates the
national defense- by displays of the
equrpment 'of the American -soldier.
Outdoor displays of large* guns are
made. Exhibits in military engineering
are a: -part of- the plan. . . v
• The Navy Department illustrates the
strength- and present conditions pre
vailinclnthe United States navy. The
'movements of each of the United
States war vessels are shown from day
to -day by means of a huge chart. '- A
very large model of the modern war
Vessel is a part of the exhibit.
The State Department sends many
curios of great historical value, for ex
ample, a pair of eye-glasses given by
"Washington to ¦ Lafayette, Washing
ton's letters to Congress and ; a sword
he carried throughout" the Revolution,
together with letters from various'rul
ers of other nations.
The Department of Justice has gath
ered some of its most precious records
for'exhiblt to the visitors of the ex
position.
. The Bureau of American Republics,
the Department of Labor and the Con
gressional Library, the Smithsonian In
stitution and National Museum' are. all
included'in the Government exhibit.
The appropriation 'for the Government
cxhrbit, exclusive of buildings, is more
than $1,000,000 V
The States'* "and Territories followed
with, appropriations for 'buildings and
exhibits . amounting to , more than^ $7,
500,000. and many sections and munici
palities set aside large sums for their
own special displays.
' Uncle £am has also provided to r ex-
ih* : ;traJ35fer. : tp : ; more • .than 15,000.000
to-day! .It. has 'liJyjO'.: pos'tofflces- and
##00; :;rq'tfes;"pf ' ra21wiays and has. devel
pj>?4, iiii.weaJth : ana . importance with a
t^egr^ieo rpt rapldJLty . JstnoL • to -.an ¦ extent"
ifiipaisLheled In" ij'istory.. "/.-¦. ••' •
;v; The: States. an<J "Territories of *the
¦pfoduced.i64,'OOO.t)00- bushels -of
Cin' ISifiOv -:vai.ued'- at "$152,OOO,6o6—
ir,prAt Vtjian .^ope-half of the- wheat crop
;^;-in.e.^.hdije:tTnited States; "l,OJ3,Q0O,OOO
of corn',- valued !at J314,QOO,O00,
©f : .;i&:p£T" 'cen.£- of Ihe country's product;
~?llyroo f ()bp' fciyshejs.'.or .28 per cent of the
count'ry'.sj.o&ts/ . The'. whieat^ corn, .'oatsj
.^e;.: barley. ¦ 'cotton, hay and potatoes.
¦producea:.lh JthJs -region, in" 1S00 brought
trs^OOO.eOO'.and.'its farm animals were
,yal-ued - at:;825,'O00,'O0p t 38 r»er cent of the
•valufe oi those 'oT the whole country.
Mresour.i; society.
¦:T : h«-.IUT5t. 'organised action toward
.holding" .the -LouiBJa-na Purchase Expo-
Eitfaij was taken by .the Missouri Hisr
ioirtcal' Society : in.,189&,. In rtspohse to
.the..- public sentiment aroused by the:
.effPrtk of* that body,- Governor Stevens
o£;Mi$soari called. si, .convention. of dele
jg-aies !f rpm ' the -twelve" States and two
TerTitoHeS,;emhraced In the LauiViana.
Jfrjrichase.:.to J>e.herd lri'.-St. Louis, Jan
«a.ry:.1.9;Vl£ ''.- s - Niffet jv-lhVee " delegates
aitepded; th.e^cjbrfyenrfqn inS decided by.
« : «animbji!« "Vote* to -hold .-the exposition.*
r'^The ; original - ? funtT for, the. Louisiana
P^iH:.hai^V4Expo"sifipif* *was / 415,000,000,
fcy.'thie -jnunicjp&lity of St.'.
i^ujs,:b;y- ptlvate subscriptions,, and by
the r Federai ' GQyernrherit. Tha Whole
ef; tbfs : .rhonex «^as pubgcrlbVd to the
capital 'Stock .of the -'exposition. . The
ifu"nds.'5r<!re raised ":as follovs:
iMiproprlated .by* .-the " City- "of- Bt.
• lquIk ..*....,'..*..;. ?:;..'. — % 5.000.000
EcbMTibed -by .BV^xnsli'cJtlzens asd- •
•.' corporation* *».....»«.". t . ¦ B.TWO.CKY)
Aijp'fbprUtVd .by. Cencreei &|000.003
¦• *•„! TxiUd ' V. - ...... 1 v '.'. ..?.*. ..•..;. ..$15,000,000
yWCLE SJIMMJiKiES.
SPLENDID DISPLAY
Government ¦ Exhibit : at Fair , Is,
¦ :^ : Besf of' Its Kind,Ever
;•¦"'¦/.'¦" .Undertaken: ' •
• ¦ . '". ~~- ' ' ' *
With more money available than ever
before for exposition purposes, the de
partments -of the United States Gov
ernment: have planned the most exten
sive, Instructive and entertaining ex
fcibltsever undertaken. The building.
XXnxiliincd; F^bm ¦'. j*ag<» . 1 "i Column 5.
Qpen(^Day.
building on so short a notice Is an
advertisement for her. Her structure is
nearer done than any of theothers and
would be finished now" had not the first
contractor thrown up his contract. The
building is better than' New Xorkls. ' It
will be very handsome and ahowy.whan
completed. Every man who put*a dol
lar into this feature should feel pleased.
The San •Francisco building is mod
eled After the central portion, of the
Ferry depot and with Its tower Is a
very fair representation of this unique
structure. It .Is 71 feet. square and Is
alike on all four sides. The building
Itself and the tower are constructed of
staff, rather ornate as to .cornice and at
a soft cream color. The main entrance
is in the center, while the two rear
entrances are In each corner and are
closed by large, specially' designed red
wood doors. The Interior is finished ra
redwood and is designed after the .pop
ular mission type, as Is also the furni
ture, made 'specially for it. The waHs
and partitions are covered with a two
tone brown, burlap which blends w«H
with the wax finished redwood", and
forms a very pleasing background, not
only for Ihe fine art exhibits, but also
for the photographs; maps, charts and
graphic display setting forth the muni
cipal exhibit proper. ;
• IX THE MISSION* STTLE. . .
It was a rather happy' idea tcf' select
the mission type for the Interior finish
ings, because it Is not only the latest
fed In interior" furnishings, but San
Francisco was a mission. before it was
a. city; and this is the only .building" in-'
the Model street historically entitled' t«
use the mission style.
.The evident Intention Has been, to
appeal to two classes of citizens In Ihe
exhibits prepared. The first" is. the man
who wishes to ship to the Orient- from
any point in the United States, aod for
his benefit there will be.' a large relief
map of the peninsula of San Francisco.*
and the surrounding bay. extending
from Benlcla to San -Jose. The map
itself has been well executed" and" Its
color scheme Is calculated to please the
eye 'and. to harmonize with its sur
roundings. The exact position pf.th&."
city with reference to the shipping \C-iU'
be faithfully j represented In' a hemi
sphere, eight feet.- in diameter and
mounted on ball bearings, .so that one
may easily turn it to- Inspect 'transpor
tation lines by land or water. ¦ "
•Some really "fine ijanoramic views .will
be. among the notable photographs d.Is
played. . Two are taken from ' ' Twin
Peaks and give a comprehensive idea
of the city's location, each' picture "be
ing thirty inches wide and nearly ten
feet -long. Another view of e.qual glza.
is taken from Yerba Buena Island, still
another .from Presidio Heights and an
other from -Telegraph Hill. The prin
.cipal buildings will.be made conspicu
ous by bromide' enlargements, and .in
the lecture room" a motion "picture" of
the entire . water front will be' £ ' very
attractive feature. . . - ;¦ -,
To the. man of- wealth and refinement
there will be much to attract and inter
est. Not only will- there be an excel
lent fine art- exhibit, but also "a fine
showing, of arts and crafts in the vari
ous useful and ornamental articles dis
played. The San Francisco Camera
Club will have a fine exhibit in a booth
near the front entrance; where It will
show a comprehsnsive exhibit, of San-
Francisco views photographed by." Its
most' talented members. ' .*
." . NATIVE IilTERATURE..
Literature, from, the newspaper to
the well-bound book, will be well rep
resented, and there will' be tables, and
.quaint stools- where one may read the
latest doings In San Francisco, examine
some of the" magazine and . newspaper
cartoons or turn the leaves of some of
the best productions of California na
tive witers.
There is a stairway on each side of
the reception room and office In the
center of the building, directly under
neath the tower. • One of these leads
directly to the educational exhibit
space in the gallery. " while ' the othen
will take one into the municipal ex
•hlhjt, which will occupy one-hal?» of
¦the floor and wall space of the upper
gallery. All- of the ceilings will be
paneled with heavy cross beams and
the overhanging gallery win have" caps
and a balustrade of redwood, done' in
the simple mission style. Scattered
about on the lower floor will be glass
cases containing choice exhibits of lace
and embroidery^ also some fine speci
mens of " china painting done 'by the
Sari Francisco Keramic Club. There
wiil be a stein rack, coverefl with
steins and plaques and some large In
dividual pieces exhibited by Individual
members of the club.- On pedestals will
be plaster casts and bronze, statuettes
of some of the notable "statuary In the
park and elsewhere in. the city, with
some portrait busts' of notable people.
.The graphic display will be- made
more attractive by colored lithographs,
maps and charts in color, which, it Is
hoped, will make a very good -showing
for the commercial and Industrial sides
of San 'Francisco's complex life.
' . GATEWAY TO ORIENT.
To emphasize the city's lmportanca
as a shipping center for OrientaJ goods,
as well as. to demonstrate -the .impor
tance of the distribution of Oriental
manufactures fro,m that port.. there wilf.
be a very extensive exhibit of Japanese
and Chinese manufactures,- from the
finest silks to the bronzes and porce
lains, lacquers asd Ivory carvings, sup
plemented by a collective exhibit of
Hawaiian industries and arts. Philip
pine industries and arts and South Sea
Island traffic. Accompanying these
will be. carefully, compiled statistics
showing. the growth of export and im
port trade, together with some data
concerning the Pacific cable already
laid and that in process of Jaying.
The Importance of San Francisco's
coast defenses and some characteristic
exhibits oi photographs will -show the
improvement In progress at the Pre
sidio, Including forestry and roadways
now under the supervision of the mil
itary authorities, also photographs off
Angel Island. Alcatraz and ' the . train
ing station at Yerba Buena Island. The
lighthouse at Point Lobos and the sys
tem of signaling Incoming vessels from
the Farallon Islands and the lightship
will also speak, not only for safety, but
for facilities in commerce generally.
.'^STv '^OinfeVApHV.JSO^intfe :-. Ala
je4V ; a:hd jCdh^tri;CO«a bounties 'have
«een^ joined-' by..-a. ¦•tunneirtfiat' riaaices
t-onneetiioi} ;', -Cb^twee n--. • .thsnr..' toy ;• tj^in
quir£,. and '.=e.3sy -and ;iias • )grea.tiy 'ad^ied
to the-cpttvehi.enc : e of botJtt, ;ihey;' hive
beeri' firm" jrteAdS;!-:aiiti ;tWjs! " jrlcritiShip.
li&s: exi06^6..^i:tp :M^t they; h-a^fibe
cqme::J6i nty*.x.hil?ltqrs ai" ¦ the X iiij. -The
eh«i%^a : deby. : tKe^;is'bn^ of the most
. Calif b'roijs.'. sectj on.
•T Vv 'i*^ 3arge,7 of . ha^dsojri* .^esl gn, . sind
h to; • cflnVInclng
V'ay t>ot|i./ Alaitteda
is State
is pppulatlorv Is cpjicefned, 'and
Jbi^^ieo^#^t?U^tEimted in 'this
<tf?:^l3.y;-*. Her.'; l.es?er • neishbor.' which
Slopes 6&ine: iday-to. rank with the fore
rnp.et; -is: also- trefl .;ta)cen ; care .of..: Th«
fb'tnt *xh]mt Is ; a jmccesa In. every- way
4iicl: ; :th* -citizens of OaWand, Ala-roeda,
Berkeley, Maittinei/and other cities in
those: two cb.untl^s who .may -visit -the
exposition, will :find. tfeat. their. Interests
have been; weli : tAken'eareVof. an* : tha'f
they have; '¦&/. tepresentation that .will
bring them the beW*fits /usually accru
lr.g from> proper "adK-.ertisl«g : at a
world's .falr,-'-':o/- '¦•¦:. ¦ :: :."",'--,' : '-':-- ' ¦¦ '. .-
That these; two' cc-untie* -have such
a fine display. --is.' due largely." to the
enterprise and energy 'of W: jt. WeiJ-.
bye and HI b.; Raisup, ,whi? saw Jong
spo the importance of -proper repre
sentation and. hive .labored' inces&scnt-
Iv tow-ard that vend;- wjth the. pleasing
rVsu't achieved to-day. - Mr.. -Weilbye
Is Commissiohf r foj-; Ala'rneda ' : County
and to^iai^^^^t^^-pojrttJPA" for
Contra .f/GiSsta,.."^ .These: geritjehien.
aroused the.. Stii>er^i.sor>. : ot their re-.
epecti>-e ¦ <;9untiesi to. ae'tiprtV . 4o.na.ting
their o^i? seryifc*s- throujrh;put' all tlie
preHj^inary/*-ork'."and" v the.'life of- the
expos itiort.' anja JjnterestjNl . the. leading
citf^?iis" :? i.n; :^ie { '.pybjelct. ¦; ' Thef f efforts
h.ay* , :^
t hat • is, gteiJf >"Jng.. - V.A't the exposition
ytri^/^r^jj'tf^rt'^f : by' ; Webb • X.;' P earce
*naV.'<S-.-'S-t«OTlje^'' :: Ff?h, - ¦ : cu&toaians -fe-.
.ffjf«.etiyely^Tth*T^^ro^a ; .a^^Oontti
•; "V : ..V-\ .••'..•¦'" v.." ; . . ;
! OP -^Mil^SroXERS.
¦Th^.fatne energy /displayed :'; by '¦¦ e'om
fnlssiio ii frs ;WeilbJ"e- .'and • Raap '.In
has
bipen \ &howh by . them herei with- the;
resatt' that Jtiteli- .¦fexhibi^.: "with, the ex-,
"'cepii'oli of a- few. delay:ed- portions, -Is
coiftplete and the visitors a.t ihe Agri->
tuJiural. bulWing :^ to-day who' sa'vivr . it
¦w«rie full of; admiration.'. •.'..•¦ '.' . . • .
./7/ i 'Th^V.io.iht;-eihtbIi' is/located on the.
• caft side of the vAgricirltural- building.
:j^iit^jbttr^^irt.:^jB/itp«ia : eiitrance,; the
: rear beiiig .against the' Trail.. Liberal
space, has been allotted' -It-^.S 7x20' feet
-r— thus guying .it a-ri "urxusjially'aiivanta-.
g-eors f ro.ritage. OR'hlch". 'has been made
good use of in .the "^ay xit display. The
Bpicie is Inclosed by k i ac'ade . bf 'nand
¦sairie.construction'. .-an.4- 'composed en- :
\tlrely of .-'Calif orniaredwo'oa. -.'Itis fin
iKhed in natural wo'pd arid embellished
; .bromide., photographs --of bea'uti-"
: f ill residences. tj-picaT'of. "hpine life, -in
Vthe. central ; "portf6n- .of, the State' and
jibovt ihe i^eit Vbay -.of -Sah Francisco ;
jscenes of activity .on'.the farm' "orchard
;*:tid vineyard kpa ' ijri ' .the. factories, nt
;whic.h Oakland -contains many: There
iare. also yiews>p;f ; the; 'great- exp'anse "bfc
viraiiti showing .trte. commerce of
\t^^wp'"*D.UTJties-.alprig.t.he.' ; ba5r«;. .. • -'.
: ; : :Von4erful" proxluctfons o-f . the
; kibinties ; r: are 5h-c«.wn ;fn ;^a .;tnatiner that
:-a^r^c^'vtiiie' : 'f.uilest*-a.ttentibnr and Cre
*t.CT^t^e::ie^i«st. -irapTeSsfoa. There is
'¦a. C'.spl'ecdid V.assortment. . of. . wines, ar- •
ranged -with- ah artistic effect that aids
the; display "gr.efcily and brings It into
rhore prominent' notice, The wine is
arrariged : ln two. f plate glass .cases.
Pyramids : ;of oi-fve' oil,- tof which some
of'the"fin"est;"kinds Known in the w.QrId
ere, produced- in- these counties, reflect
\Yik- golden color- of -the State.
; T.hjs north end of: the space fs large
ly" given" tip "to -the tdisplay of cereals,
fruits -and; -vegetables, .'processed, In
great Variety. • On the wall at the' rear
are '.shown .maps of the [two counties,
and* here, too, is 'a spiendld exhibit of
seeds, .canned fruits. Jams and Jellies.
.Coal,, manganese .ore, paving brick»
fire clajv&la^s sand, briquettes, 'bricks
and- lime rock a're shown as indicative
of the mineral resAurces. of the coun
ties.- . • -•,;'
. Walnuts and almonds are shown in
great profusion: ," _ Alameda County
produces great quantities of these nuts
and their quality .Is of the finest.
ATTRACTIVE TO HOMESEEKERS.
' The entire exhibit is of such a na
ture ;as to suggest to the homes'eeker
the advantages' of these counties as a
place of permanent residence. The
gentleman in charge are quick to give
information, to visitors and all who
made inquiries to-day want away with
a full stock of knowledge concerning
Alameda and Contra Costa.
• Four mam'mo-th showcase's, which
are' almost towers, rise -along the cen
ter line bf this display. They are con
structed'of redwodd .and Dlate glass.
-Each Is- ten feet high, with a base 3x6
feet.-. * Each has four- columns/ 18
inches. square, one at «ach corner, also
mad;e of redwood and plate glass,. In
."the cases are. glass shelves, on -which
.are ."-displayed- all sorts of fruits, and,
in fact, .all £he products' of these fer
tile counties, ••. :
Near.'the north end. of the space
tlrere ..stands a. column 18 feet high,
displaying. high grades of olive oil. . It
'rests on a pedestal- six feet square. , In
the northeast corner tea pyramidal
¦exhjblt of vegetables in Jars, i *
With all her ambition to rival as" a
seaport the metropolis sitting on her
hills across the'bay, Oakland holds no
JealbuBy, and in her- fine maps gener
ously* gives San, '. Francisco, a; place.
One of these costly creations shows
San Francisco as far back . as Twin
Peaks, which means the whole city.
There is in the display an obelisk
of grain and be*ans fifteen feet high.1
In the rear are glass' cases containing
manufactured products. On top of all
the cases and ornamenting the top of
the facade are decorative Jars of pro
cessed frulL Beautiful date • palms
also surmount the facade. '
| ST. I LOUIS. April 30.— San Francis
co's Municipal building in the "Model
City". Is rising rapidly. The main
structure is. up and the tower is now
ascending.- A force of carpenters keeps
hammers ringing and on the lower
floor a number of staff workers are
busy making the ornaments for the
structure, j. W. Evans, foreman of the
carpenters, I says the buiding will be
completed about May 15. It is as near
done as any of the others. The exhibit
is about ready and will be here by
that tiriie.v .
Not until one reaches the Fair
grounds can one fully realize the great
importance" of this building .'to : San
Francisco and the lucky inspiration
that . prompted its erection. Perhaps
the ."western metropolis- will never get
another equal chance to show its great
ness and illustrate its future. "When
the Fair management decided to erect
the "Model, City", It sent out invitations
to municipalities to participate. This
invitation came late -and there were
few. responses, it being felt that there
was not time in which to erect build
ings. New York Jumped at the chance
and St. Paul and Minneapolis, which
have a Joint building, and Kansas City
also .accepted,' as did San . Francisco.
New -York and San Francisco, there
fore, are the only two great seaport
cities represented in the • row of four
buildings. One is the gateway of the
country's commerce, in the East .and
the other onthe West. These two great
trade centers will be advertised to
gether at the World's Fair and If their
citizens -make the proper provision they
will .reap a great benefit. Especially
should this be so in' the case- of the
younger and growing one at the Golden
Gate, now. the center of the American
nation. From many parts of the world
will come people who wish to learn
something of. San Francisco, which Is
famed the world over, and here. at the
Fair they can be. instructed. It Is.be
lieved .that the New; York and San
Francisco buildings will be popular
centers for. sightseers." ': .•
A SPLENDID ADVANTAGE.
The location of the "Model City" Is
suchi as to give the municipalities own-
Ing buildings there a splendid advan
tage. It; is right In the beaten track,
of the sightseeing multitudes, directly
in front of one of the principal en
trances,-close to the. central buildings
of the Fair and near one end of the
great Pike. Everybody will see '.the
"Model City" and the municipalities
represented there are lucky. •
The very; fact, that San. Francisco
had the enterprise an<J grit to erect a
Connected by Tunnel at Home, Alameda and Contra
Costa Counties Join Forces in a
Splendid Display.
Municipal Building of the Western Metropolis Is
Advantageously Located Near That of
New York.
FAIR GIVES CITY OF SAN FRANCISCO SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY
TO DEMONSTRATE TO THE WORLD HER GROWING IMPORTANCE
THE ' : SAN % FRANCISCO . CALL, SUNDAY^ /MAY 1,. 1904;
SAN FRANCISCO BUILDING ' Al * ST. LOUIS, WHICH IS MODELED > AFTER CENTRAL PORTION OF FERRY DEPOT.
19BIRDSEYE VIEW OF GREAT EXPOSITION JUST OPENED AT ST. LOUIS.
Ventura County has one of the pret
tiest exhibits of the California display.
Beans are its special. On a pedestal
stands a large elk made of this crop.
The elk is modeled after the one in
the lodgeroom of San Francisco Elks.
Olive oil. olives, fruits and cereals are
also shown by Ventura.-
Ventura County.
The Columbian Exposition at Chicago
ten years ago more nearly approaches
the World's Fair at St. Louis than any
of the others of "the past Until the
present undertaking assumed shape the
Chicago fair dwarfed all comparisons.
Now, in turn, the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition outstrips what has hereto
fore been the world's greatest J effort.
The Pan-American Exposjtion at Buf
falo, the Trans-Mississippi at Omaha,
and the, Paris Exposition are also com
pletely outclassed when the dimensions
and. features of the enterprise at -St.
Louis are compared." ¦•*".
The World's Fair at St. Louis occu
pies twice as large an area as the most
extensive of all former World's Fairs,
and covers almost as much ground as
the combined areas of "the Expositions
at Chicago, Omaha. Buffalo and ParU.
Purchase Exposition with other great
international expositions, that one may
gain an adequate Id6a of the immensity
of the World's Fair of 1904.
A 25-foot obelisk rises from the cen
ter of San Bernardino's space. It Is
covered- with the products of that fruit
ful county In" great variety. Orange
marmalade, shows In- great quantities
and makes a pretty coloring. v - Jellies
and jams and lemonate are also shown
in profusion. Mammoth specimens of
fruits In Jars are displayed, so as to
attract the. eye In the greatest degree.
These Jars are placed on four* octagons,
one at each corner of the. space,' and
their contents help as much as any
thing in the entire California space to
show the horticultural splendor of the
State. The entire show Is cleverly ar
ranged. In the Horticultural building
San Bernardino makes a fine display of
citrus fruits.
San Bernardino County.
¦The Paris Palace of Varied Industries
was 1200 feet long by 160 feet wide, less
than 'half "the: size of ..one: of these
buildings. .Its contents were so well
installed and displayed, and of such at
tractive .'- interest that ;¦ this section
proved the \ most popular .of the "entire
exposition. The nations whose exhibits
stood ; out prominently: In' this bultdin •
'.'Manufactures" is a word that in
cludes a regiment of the Industrial arts
and crafts. Of necessity the output
that relates to this special classifica
tion of the world's Industry forms on*
of the most extensive exhibits of the
exposition. Two great buildings are
devoted to this department, covering
a total. area of twenty-eight acres.
These are the Palaces of Manufactures
and Varied Industries, each having a
width of 525 feet and a length of 1200
feet. The.se magnificent palaces are In
the very heart' of the great exposition
group, fronting upon the ma In . avenue
and^formlnn an important. part of the
wonderful architectural picture. . Col
onnades and loggias are distinguishing
features of their architecture, the whole
being richly, embellished with statuary.
The Department of Manufactures is
especially notable for its representative
foreign exhibits. In this respect It far
surpasses the. great exhibit In 'the Pal
aceVof-Varied Industries at/ the Paris
Exposition* In 1900. The latter "exhibit
was superior to anything that had pre
viously tieen done; at international ex
positions.
Two Great Buildings, Covering
Twenty-Eight Acres, Devoted
to World's Manufactures.
industrial Arts '§
most extensive
The main group of exposition budd
ings in the tfiortheasNrn • part of the
grounds consists of twelve' great
structures In symmetrical arrange
ment, somewhat in the form of a-lady's
fan. the avenues corresponding to the
ribs. Eight of these palaces are upon
a level sixty feet below the others, and
as the visitor enters the broad central
avenue . which bisects the' group he
looks uoon a view Inspiring 'in Its
grandeur. Every building Is truly ma
jestic. The richness of architectural
detail has never been equaled in ex
position structures. The landscape has
the finish of a vast garden, with every
feature pleasing to the eye. In the
distance, more than half a mile away,
rises the beautiful Hall of Festivals,
200 feet high, the central jewel of the
beautiful architectural coronet whicn
adorns the broad natural amphitheater
that closes the picture. The sides of
the coronet, stretching In graceful
curves 759 feet each way from the Fes
tival Hall, are fifty-two feet high. They
resemble a colonnade except that
square pylons alternate, with pair's of
columns, forming fourteen sections or
bays, in front of which." upon the ter
race, are fourteen great sculptured fig
ures representing in allegory. the four
teen States and Territories carved from
the Louisiana Purchase. Three great
cascades, the largest artificial creations
of the kind ever made, pour down the
slope from the center and the two
sides. The slope is a' formal garden
richly adorned. with flowers and shrubs,
architectural and ' sculptured devices.
Two beautiful refreshment pavilions of
circular form 130 feet in diameter, are
placed at the ends of the colonnades.
The ' Festival Hall • covers < two acres.
From this hall and from '¦ the terraces
and pavilions a commanding view' of
the principal buildings may be obtain
ed On the same plateau beyond the
Festival Hall are the three great'pal
aces of art. The central one' of "this
majestic trio Is a permanent building,
while all are of fireproof - construction."
There are 136 galleries in the three
buildings. In the central building is an
International hall of sculpture 94 by 157
Majestic Structures, Symmetric
ally Arranged i Show Richness
. . of Architectural Detail.
Ample hotel and lodging facilities are
provided in St. Louis . for the many
thousands of visitors who. daily attend
the World's Fair, and moreover, the
rates charged are not exorbitant. St.
Louis now contains 173 hotels, large
and small, in operation . in the city.
The new hotel enterprises recently in
augurated justify the. belief that the
number will reach 250. These hotels
are situated in the down-town district,
in the vicinity of Union Station, in
proximity to World's Fair grounds,
and one is within the World's Fair
grounds." r "c
Besides hotels with, accommodations
for more than 1 1»0.000 guests. " the
World's Fair Free Information Bureau
has lists of boarding houses and room
ing houses along the streetcar lines
leading to the World's Fair, with lodg
ing for 15.000 guests and a list of pri
vate houses that will let rooms for
27.000 persons. All over the city apart
ment houses and rooming houses are
available for those who prefer rooms
away from the crowds. Meals may be
obtained at the restaurants. /
-There * are 485 restaurants . In. St.
Louis, and they have a- national repu
tation for good fare, good service,
cleanliness and reasonable charge.
Forming a complete chain around the
two square* miles of the World's Fair
ground's, enterprising* capitalists have
projected twelve big hotels, accommo
dating from SOO to 5000 guests each.
This list of hotels excludes the raOO
room "Inside Inn." which is inside the
exposition inclosure* under a conces
sion from the exposition.
A "Free Information Service" Is.
maintained by the fair -jnatfagement.
The city has .been canvassed and all
hotels, boarding .houses and thousands
of dwellings where visitors will be en
tertained have been listed. The rates
and kind of accommodations available
at" each place are on record. The can
vass shows that St. Louis can accom
modate a larger attendance than vis
ited the Columbian Exposition at Chi
cago. All information gathered by the
"Free Information Service" is at all
times available, wlthqut charge, for the
use of visitors, and the list of hotels,
boarding houses and rooming houses is
published in pamphlet form from time
to time to be supplied free to those
applying for same.
¦ fT » •- only' by comparing the Louisiana
St. Louis Has Plenty Hotel Roam
and Will Accommodate
PALACES INSPIRE
MUCH ADMIRATION
minded business riien of St. Louis. The
various committees of the directory
have been formed ,with special regard
to the peculiar fitness of the men who
serve upon them/ The head of this
organization Is Governor David R.
Francis, who. as'president of the Lou
isiana Purchase Exposition, is chair
man .of the executive committee. " ' •¦ .
Education has been given first place
among the. departments of .the exposi
tion in r J' accordance with ' the ' theory
upon which its entire organization Is
based, ylz.v that education Is the source
The Universal .Exposition of 1904 fs
especially an, exposition of Interest— of
attraction— In its exhibit features. The
remarkable .advancement made .In
every line of invention and of scientific
and industrial • achievement and en
deavor since the" Chicago*' Exposition
provides a field [of 'marvels for exhibi
tion at" St. Louis which makes.thls'ex
posltlon undoubtedly; the most remark
able and Interesting array, of social ac
tivity; and achievement ever presented
to the^ world. * . '. .
. To give an aspect of life to the land
scape ' decorations water f eatu/es are
used liberally. From the north side of
the great Hall of Festivals at the brow
of the hill which closes the picture on
the southwest, a flood of water gushes
forth, spreading Into a stream fifty
feet wide. The first fall Is twenty-five
feet, then a series of cascades for a
distance of 290 feet, with a total fall
of ninety-five 'feet. At the grand basin
the stream., divided into three parts. Is
152 feet wide. At the sides are two
great fountains, ; with cascades twenty
feet- wide at the top. and fifty feet
wide at the ooint where the stream
falls into the. grand basin. All three
of ;the streams flow Into the casca-de
basin which forms a part of the lagoon
system". The lagoons extend around and
between the Education and Electricity
buildings. They afford an Important
means of transit.: giving a ride of a
mile or, more. .In- the courts of the
buildings are^ fountains and pools. In
these fountains the streams are from
one and a half to three Inches In diam
eter. They appear in the form of pillar
Jets, fans, bouquets, etc. The fountains
require an average of 5Q0 gallons each
per^mlnute. iV^^V^
feet, and an additional building for
sculpture stands In a court formed by
the three pavilions. The art group, In
cluding the court, covers nine acres.
The United States Government building
Is. apart from the main group upon
another plateau east from the art
buildings. It is a very large and splen
did building, the -largest ever erected
by the Government at an exposition,
being .twice the length of the great
Treasury building at Washington. The
Government Fisheries pavilion stands
nearby; '
.The palace.? are the varied produc
tions-of the .leading architects of the
United States, designed in a chaste,
harmonious scheme by these architects
assembled as a commission. The style
adopted by the commission Is described
as "a free treatment of the Renais
sance." . -^ I ' -
The artistic sense finds further pleas
ing r varlety in the Tudor Gothic of the
dozen permanent red granite buildings
which form Dart of the World's Fair
settlement. These buildings were
crowning achievements of Philadelphia
architects.
To this end the entire field of educa
tion, has been surveyed and subdivided
into definite groups. The .exhibits in
the first group deal with Elementary
education, bath public, private and
parochial, followed by secondary edu
cation.-as shown in high schools and
academies. In "higher education" are
Included colleges, universities, scien
tific, technical and engineering schools
and Institutions," professional schools,
libraries and museums.
Fine nrts In education include art
schools and Institutes and departments
of music and' conservatories. The five
largest art schools In the country,
occupy space.
of all progress. From the outset the
object In selecting the educational ex
hibit has been to secure from the
United States a thoroughly comprehen
sive and systematic presentation of the
educational methods \ In this country,
and to assemble for comparison and
scientific study contributions from all
foreign nations noted for educational
progress.
Continued From Page 19. Column 6.
Solano has mineral resources of im
portance, and the manufacture of
leather is carried on extensively at Be
nicia. She makes exhibits covering
both of these. Besides finely prepared
leather, she shows quicksilver, onyx,
cement and mineral water. A fine dis
play of scenic photographs is- also
maae.
It was at first understood that Solano
would exhibit with the Sacramento
Valley Development Association, but
her Supervisors decided recently to
have a separate display. This caused
come complications as to space, but the
matter has been amicably adjusted.
Solano, in which are the great j Mare
Iidatid navy yard and the Benicla bar
racks and the prosperous cities of Val
lejo. Falrfield.^pixon. Benicla, Suisun.
Vacavjlle and Rio Vista, is displaying
her riches partly -in a fancy structure,
something on the Swiss, line of archi
tecture and 7x16 feet in floor dimen
sions and 12 feet in height The roof is
very steep, and upon brackets placed
on .its slope* are displayed hundreds of
jars of .magnificent fruit of all varie
ties grown in this prosperous county.
One of the big pillars of the Agricul
tural building rests, in a corner of So
lano's space, and -part of this is utilized
as a column" on which to display canned
fruit. Between the post spaces of the
facade. shel"!?s and glass-cases are.ar
ranged, bearing dried fruit and.cereals.
Only threshed grain is shown now. but
sheaves will be added from thjs year's
crop. '-V-'.
Perhaps the first fre6h fruit to be
shown in the California section and
most likely the first In the fair will be
displayed by Solano County. This will
be cherries from the famed orchards of
Vacaville. F. M. Buck, who Is- in
charge of Solano's display, expects a
shipment of the fruit next 'week.
Opening Day Finds Vast Exhibition in Full and
Satisfying Readiness for Visitors.
'JViil Be the First Fresh Fruit
Shown in the California
Section.
SOLJhNO CHERRIES
ARE OX THE WJtiT
CITY CSUFPRPVIDE
LODGING FOR ALL
were 'France, United States, Germanys
Italy, .Austria. and Japan. Each, of
these . nations has prepared ah elab
\ orate exhibit of these special products
* of manufactures for the Universal Ex
position of St: Louis.
The Palaces of . Agriculture and
Hortteulture crown a ' beautiful emi
nence,- which has been rightly, named
"Agricultural Kill." They provide for
the housing of the' products of the
" fields, orchards, vineyards and gardens,
and are. surrounded by profuse and In
formal landscape gardening. Plants
and flowers from the frozen north to
the equator— everything that Mother
Nature supplies in the way of grasses,
shrubs, roses and flowers— have been;
brought together to adorn this hilL
The Palace of Asric u l ture - tne largest
structure on the grounds, covers twen
ty acres, and the Palac« of Horticul
ture six. acres. In all, inside' and out
side space, more "than seventy acres are
devoted to the progress and develop
ment of husbandry- •
The PomoJoglcal •xhibits in the Hor
ticulture Palace comprise fruits of all
kinds.'-. -*¦">-. y \ :¦]
Typifying the agricultural resources
of each State, a large map. covering six
acres, with cinder walks marking the
boundary lines, shows visitors at the
Worlcfs Fair the growing crops of the
nation as they are adapted to the va
rious sections. ,
globe. This Is one of the most strik
ing features in the building. .
' Representatives Green and Wilb
have worked hard in completing their
display and showing everything to the
best advantage. Each county has
been given equal and just representa
tion- and all are weil satisfied with the
result. The. Commissioners represent
ing the association will work hard
during the fair -to bring "the Sacra
mento Valley Into prominence and the
whole State seems interested in their
efforts. The State Commissioners are
taking a lively interest in this big
3'oir^t display and giving every aid pos
sible to make it -an entire success.
There is an* Imposing center design
in the development association's ex
hibit. This Js a structure thirty feet
high, on top of which is a large globe,
decorated with nuts and fruits and
bearing the legend. "We can feed the
world." A banner with the name
"Sacramento Valley" floats from the
Placer County exhibits oranges, pro
cessed plums,- peaches and other
fruits. She also shows sixty-six cases
cf olive oil and -her display of cereals
end hay is fine.
Tuba show* blankets from her
woolen mills and the usual profusion
of cereals and ' fruits. Almonds,
pecans, walnuts, hops and oranges are
also exhibited. In her "display is the
trunk of a large orange tree, planted
in 1S60.
"¦ * THE MOTHER COU- TV. .-
Sacramento, the mother county of
this congregation, makes a magnificent
p.nd "an extensive display. *Her out
touring is of a profusion that aston
ifhes. "She shows 700 Jars of pro
cessed fruits and- vegetables, all kinds
of dried fruits, nuts, honey, wine and
hops; beans of all varieties, wheat
barley and orUs; all kinds of grass, hay
In preserved rheaves. fruit jams.
hemp, broom corn and woods, and
mats-made *of oat moss. Special and
highly attractive features of her dis
play are a besr ma'de of prunes, the
great seal of California constructed of
beans. 3. hou?e made of dried hops
accompanied tvjtb bottled beer, a model
of the Capitol' building in" nuts, .two
large gran* fruit tr«?es. a large exhibit
of cheese and a multitude of canned
coeds. She also sends an aquarium
containing aH varieties of fresh water
food fishfs. ' -
Sacramento's display is one that will
pro far toward attracting attention to
the State. In richness and profusion
1t cannot be excelled at the -fair, and
that such products grow about the
capital of the State and on the river
also bearing the capital name will
add to the fame of California.
. .fcHjtteV'Veruls.* processed fruits an<3
c^realtr jof eplervifd quality. El Dorado,
.fame'd 'for h'e'r -mineral *as* well as her
horticultural and agricultural wealth.
m^Jies a.fin^ display of slate, valuable
qxarrie* of jhis-material existing with
in -her borders. Cesides tke other
fruits, she. displays apples and pe]ars.
a cxh'ibiL
: . E-utip'" touiU'v plates .herself, strongly
1»;(he"or.arnge'cT)mrP^tion-'with a mag
nificent -.^ivplay -of' th.e yellow fruit.
Doth. -Her* freqs a-nd" her- rlyers yield
•'sstr-ef shotted (his fact to .the
'uvrjrid.'tQ-.day.-'-She exhibits fruits |»ro
crsFedVa'ri'd'- dried.- kli the" cereals, haV.
z??.n+fii\ '¦ .wafers*! and . olive oil. "She
".fc'u^pii'es-.. majiy. handsome decorative
r f'YToJ 6; livh'ich\ bbasts of . being " the
richest pJfece-" of territory of her size In
"rhV>pria.-Eb:ows L'vO" Jars" of .fruit. 200
pound's :.oIgT"afes se'ed. 'peanuts, wheat.
Tje;-."oats.- : .b.iicley'*and # oliv6 oil. fche
also^ ; -JriaiUes : ; a ' showing of dairy
/.."^Cpliisaui alsd famed. .for her Hchness
.GT' Mil and: abundance -of crops, goes
rt-i'a ; .f ur(her. tH^n" her ; neighbors. She
rhajlengcs;" '.the' .'' south: exhibiting
.ieorgh-jrhi -.6t . a fine quality. " Out of her
cornucopiii ishe .*has*also poured dried
Jruits:.U^ie"of<(Jinary. cereals. Eg^Titlan
'ccrnv.cialzf.-'breMjm corn,' millet, ye'llo-w
;and.-'White : cofn."tWrty-one varieties of
w.o6'4s,.;'pfiToleuTn." mineral water and
• R-vHs/i-jin 'x&ls "courity resides General
'\V':''D:: : Crreen; 'fjither of the movement
<h?-t->fcas- -..produced the" development
'^Fsociatl'on afj.d the -great Joint display.
¦..••5j|^iexinu : ..OBce:'pra.ctically owned by a
j^-^einifis jiow. dividing- her. l.ands to
/make; : hjorries | for £he thousands who
'<-ai> thrive off. them.;". She shows to the
h6m"efce?kejr -frijitsi-fn jars- and dried.
Vheat;':;CCfrij, pat*, barl'pr. nuts and
of the -finest sort
and indicating u;soli that «ives mani
fojd. returns. •' • ' - -.-
\^<^up^ii.'Vdis6--iar to rtie norfh and
roJilaimng alreirijy'. within " her borders
¦rbd6y,^ii?ternKettrers. displays nume-
jrotisi: $kjr*i$i.e ; i£<?llcsit .fruit-and assort
;ea.-- ii'iied { Varieties, ' besides -.her grain«
ofvi^fto^.'-Vinds: - •*• * -.
DIVIDING- IlEIt . LANDS.
SX'l^;e;nb"rtTft«rn:-. "county;. of . Shasta*
r^er^>;tf«ti t peV"apfl fold are dug from
-tj^vejarthi ; show?- that- l>er : agricultural
as her mineral.. She
4i*i5Jay*;^.d.rted'"-rroits^, [grasses and
¦ipereaJs^.^/' : ; -"/- •¦: ¦¦'.¦•
h~JfS&pi*3}r& ; Wilis." and Dr. R. M.
iGreesfi ¦are ..here.: -.representing thes>
e^abd -<i*spiie: the Jfact :that the
,'c»i ..-the; - .material sent, by the
'j'.ojnt- e3cJiib.ijt<ars-ca'Hsed. so-me delay in
*:l3tp"^«n^:.Vh'e-. : dteiilay.;is- nearly com
pjet<id> 'r\i -^ ¦<>{¦ jh.'e> finest • and ar^
rkfiged':-iij-Vf"%Ann^^ show
IBi^i^^Ai^e»*^"^varntafe. ' ; : .
i-.."-T;hJs'..fe^ihJe'-'-flfft/3t|iriB in the. history
feV^a^yftrni^.tHat Ihe- bounties of this
:^fV»at -v^Jify.' .a-lf'eiay :fame&: throughr
fit lo come
•^^'tHfxtiieJp'ublfc' ffs.-'one U rge family.
they- are.at the front
•R ! XriV>aJ^r?n'd . s'how :bf. : Xruixsj' cereals.
tJ:Utsaii4 : P*n'«tr products.
L0UI?, April .'50.— The Sacra
rjrisntb -IJeyeibpinent Association, that
powerful ¦ orga^i ja'tioh 'which has been
formed in ithe rich 'Sacramento Valley
to r proti»ott».4u interests and the ._ ¦
parity !of Ihe S^tflte -in general, ls.niak
¦i'ng-^ Vr^nd «h6wing at the fair. The
bounties' ..rejireEehted '-in this - assoxjia
t&n^ are • Sacramentoi *. ¦ Butte,^ Placer,
T^I0. T^hinia. GUenn, Su.tter. Tuba
and collec
tively they -ma-vy a. display that will
a'tirket. the attention of thousands to
Vhit ¦ ¦/fertUe'^ 'section. '. Everything Is
Ph-pvk;n^?rlt'hness of. soil and prodigal
ly &f;resburce;^^^^ man who Is seek
ing 1 ; a/jjiace; to inake a. new home and
<wj.6y ; : rhe'^mfDrts.of ".life must be
strbftyl.v .'attracted- and- .influenced by
: ttye£e' 'counties" place" before his
The color scheme this produces will
be most striking — yellow against the
velvet green. Under the"' centers of
the cross beams electric 'lights will
glow, both day and night. ..- O'ne of the
artistic outlines of the "exhibit, never
before attempted, " is .that of the
half shell .of JEnsIish walnuts lacked
to the green burlap in decorative bor
der design. Peanuts are. also used in
designs unthough't of before.- On th«
floor space, outside the tower, stand
numerous . showcases, booths and
pedestals, displaying ' manufactured
and natural products, representing
many firms and industries identical
with the business interests of the city
and county. Photographs, showing
scenery, and industrial pursuits ar«s
displayed on easles and racks and susr
pended from pillars -and posts. Th&
small allotment of space for e.ach
county made it necessary to build as
high in the air as the roof would per
mit, and in or'der to show" the most in
the space, careful calculations have
been made, and -more goods are dis
played on the Los Angeles' County
feature tha"n could have "been shown
on four times the amount of floor
space. While the permanent display
shows fruit in profusion, vegetables
and grains will be shown- in their" sea*
ron In quantities sufficient to attract
the notice of both visitor and jury. A,
neat and attractive pamphjet. entitled
"The City and. County of. LOs Angeles. 1 *
will be given from the Booth to -those
interested. • . * .
The Los Angeles County feature oc
cupies a central position in the South
ern California allotment of space, be
tween the two center aisles of the
State of California space. It" "consists
of a tower 10x10x40, with post- and
beam pagodas 10x20, extending
lengthways of the space from two
Bides of the tower. The base, posts
•and beams are covered with green
velvet and the tower proper with
green burlap, decorated with every
product the county produces— dried
fruit, beans, grain, cerea'ls and nuts.
in designs new and attractive, showing
panels of Mount Lowe railway,, "our
grandfather's clock." United Staters
flag. windmill, etc., all- artistically
worked in grain and fruits. These
are set in four sides of "Ihe to.wer- at
a twenty-foot elevation', so as to be
Wen from all directions. "Just under
these panels appears "Los Angeles
County," worked, in white and black
beans. At the* top of the tower floats
a banner with the name "Los Ange
les "County." .As an embellishment,
.and Incidentally an exhibit. 500 glass
jars of preserved fruits aiyl vegetable*
are used around "both the: tower and
the beams, making a most striking
and novel effect. . The tower is sup
ported on four arches, the pillars of
which are . open, .forming receptacles
¦for large' jars of fruit, over which are
suspended electric lights, with reflec
tors. Between each two of the posts
of the pagoda are suspended, from
the beams, a peanut portiere drawn
back, showing handsome mission show
cases containing fruits, wines, riuta.
oils. Twelve of these artls.tic portieres
are used In this decoration. Covering
the floor of. the pagoda, between show
cases, la- a handsome 'green velvet
carpet, upon which ; rest numerous
pedestals, surmounted with* mammoth
jars of grapes In 'liquid • and grain.
Suspended from the ends of each cro?*
beam, by brass chains, incased In ar
tistic metal holders. Is a. combination
Jar of extracted honey. Over the
entrance., at each end of pagoda,
hansa a basket of fruits and nuts, and
during the season, fresh" .flowers from'
the Angel City will frrace the show
cases. On pedestals, outlining this
whole exhibit, nav*l ora-njes will b&
used, held In place by wire cups, es
pecially made for this purpose.
STRIKING COLOR SCHEME.
ST. LOUIS." April 30- — Glorious
golden Los Angeles stands, a thing of
splendor in the midst of the general
scene of beauty and bounty presented
by California. No grander display was
ever made by the chief county of the
southland. Extra effort . has be'en
made to carry out. the design in the
fullest Harmony and secure the best
possible effect- Shining Jars of fruit,
golden oranges, ornamented pendent
globes of honey, portieres cunningly
executed with strung peanuts, and
many other ideas , combine to lend
richness, and beauty to this display- •
Charles L. Wilson of the Los Ange
les Chamber of Commerce, who is
chief of Installation and superintend
ent of the World's Fair California ex
hibit, has kept a special eye on the.
Los Angeles display and those of -th»
other southern counties while attend
ing to his general duties. He haa had
his hands full, for he is also superin
tendent of the State exhibit in th»
Horticultural building. .• •; ;1
HAS CENTRAL POSITION*.
SHotbirig Attracts
Horneseekers'
Attention*
All Sections Are
Represented
at Fair.
SactdrneAto VaU
0&y iff as Fine
Pi: Exhibit.
Southland Sends
Its Richest
and Best
FRUITFUL COUNTIES OF THE GOLDEN STATE GIVE FORCEFUL
EVIDENCES OF NATURE'S UNSTINTED FAVORS TO CALIFORNIA
THE SAN y FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 1, 1904'
20LONDON, April 30.~Lord Portman's
coat of arms might appropriately," be
an ass, . rampant ib r a-;fleld argent, for
he owes his gre?.t Inherited wealth to
LONDON, April 9-^Obndemned as
unsafe '. by, the, Town • Council's; orders,
barricades ; ; have \ been ; erected .at .each
end of. the "Auld Brig (Bridge);o'"Ayri">
made world-famous by Scotland's bard,
OWES HIS GREAT
RICHES TO DONKEYS
"AULD BRIG &A.VR"
/S GOING TO : RUIN
the American sculptress until she had
herself given notice of preparation to
vacate." Building operations have gone
on, but Mrs. Cadwaliaeler-Guild's studio
has not been touched. She is making:
arrangements to move, but "'she has not
had to hurrv. ~
The sculptress recently visited Amer-.
ica for the purpose of exhibiting soma
of her works at the St. Louii Exposi
tion,
BERLIN TO HAVE'
: AMERICAN HOTEL
PARIS, -April 30.— Next to the glories
of an office of the Legion of Honor is
the coveted violet decoration of Officer
of the Academy. Two hundred and
seventy-five women received it this
year. Musicians were the favored ones.
Eighty among them received it. Then
followed twenty-eight painters> or de
signers. There were twenty-two
women of letters and fifty teachers.
Will Decorate Women.
' "Leave the army, sir!" exclaimed the
astonished captain. "What am I to do
if I leave the army?"
"Turn dancing -master and be damned
to you!" replied the commander in
chief, turning on his heel and leaving
the office.
regulations" from a fight with a dvN
Han about a woman. The officer ac
knowledged he had.
"Then," said the Duke, "you had bet
ter leave the army."
PARIS, April 30.— Massenet has
signed an agreement to give the Scala
Theater of Milan the choice of his
•works the next ;four 'years, receiving
$20,000 as a bonus. So the Italians
will hear hi3 new opera, "Cherubin."
before " the French do. The libretto
was written by^ the. French dramatist.
Francis de Cro'isset. .
Jean Richepln, another well-known
French playwright, wrote a drama for
the Comedie Francaise, entitled "Don
.Quixote," but the Comedie was so Ions
in putting', it on he withdrew It and
sold It to Beerbohm Tree of London.
Massenet' Sells Operas;
According; to the response which the
"New Brig" makes to this, the "Auld
Brig" must -have been in very bad
shape even in the poet's time:
. Auld ., Vanda ! ye but show your , little mense. .
Just much ubout It ¦ wl'., your stanty sense: ".
Will, your poor, narrow footpath of a street.
Where ¦ twa wheelbarrows tremble when they
" --, meet. . ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦.. :\f. -
' Tour ; ruined, formless, bulk o" stane and lime,
Compare wf bonnle " Brigs o\: modern time? •
This "Auld Brig" is said to have
been built in the reign 'of -King ) Alex
ander III of Scotland "600 years ago
by two maiden Bisters, whose effigies
were carved Son the eastern ; parapet.
The "New Brig" ,was"buiItHri 1788 and
had to be rebuilt less than • a - century,
later, .which ; shows that "the v "*Auld
Brig's" vatiht : was: not /so far wide of
the mark after all. Not long will "the
ancient" veteran- have -to endure V its
present^humiliatlon. . The Town Coun
cil ': has 'decided - to ; expend $ 25,000 in
repairing- it, . and as everything oh
which Burns has shed the luster of his
genius is sacred in Scotch" eyes, -It may
safely; be . assumed ; that' the : work will
bej done in such fashion "• as will : pre
serve ,as far as possible its { original
form. ¦"'. ¦¦¦:• ,-"'v\ •¦ r. ''./•" •¦"•¦ \v'
that venturesome citizens may no long
er risk their lives by attempting to
cross the stream on its ; crazy back.
Thus is humbled the pride of. the an
cient structure, whichTrT Burns' "Twa
Brigs" addresses its boast to its then
modern rival, the bridge^which is seen
in the foreground of the accompanying
photograph: -.
Conceited gfiwk! pult'd up wP windy pride!
This mony a year r.ve stood the flood and- tide;
And tho' wl' crazy elld I'm «alr forlalrn,
1'11'be a Brig when ye're a shapeless cairn!
donkeys. , His grandmother — or , per
haps It was his great-grandmother —
was in very delicate health 'at one time
and the doctor prescribed asses' -milk
for her in large quantities. Her de
voted husband forthwith purchased a
drove of donkeys and a farm on which
to keep them. Where that farm stood
is now Bayanston Square.- one of the
most valuable properties In London,
and from this and other real estate in
the city. the. Viscount draws annually
something like $1,000,000 in the shape
of rent. <¦ ; \ :.v
Prior to the purchase of the abid
ing place for donkeys, the house "was
an obscure one,, but the .donkey farm
provided ? the golden key that unlock
ed the door to titles and. social dis
tinction. . - ;
; Lord Portman is 74 years old, but
despite his age Is an inveterate hunts
man and has for many years been the
master of 1 the: Port man hounds.* He
was. 62 before he came into 'his title
and a seat in the House of Lords. Be
fore that he. was for .twenty-three
years; a' member of Parliament and
was 'therefore -better qualified T : for the
position of a hereditary legislator than
most of the occupants of the upper
house." _-" . - : 'r, . ;
Those who desire to see the dignity
of worship, maintained on old lines afe
shocked at this innovation, regarding it
as irreverent and unseemly.
Baron Von Gennigsen has offered,$25,
000 to any phyBlclanwho can prove by
incontrovertible evidence that any case
has occurred In Germany^or anywhere
else of a communicant becoming infect
ed with any disease-by drinking from
the same chalice with other communi
cants.
has been started by a wealthy theater
proprietor of Amsterdam. Herr de
Handt is to build a floating theater, to
be tugged up and down the Rhine, vis
iting numerous important populous
towns between Rotterdam and Basle.
The theater will be a wooden affair
built on two enormous iron platforms,
and will be capable of holding 2300
spectators. The cost of keeping it up
will be comparatively smajl. The per
formers will. sleep on the premises.
A number ; of medical men haying
raised the cry that there is imminent
danger of infection in the partaking of
communion in .Protestant churches
from the same chalice several synods
In various parts of the country have
decided to try the plan of Introducing
a small cup for each communicant.
These cups after use arc washed in
chemically prepared . water. '
FAMOUS BRITISHER, COMPOSER AND BOSTON ARTISTS BERLIN STUDIO.
BERLIN, April 30.— Emperor William
has paid a new compliment to America
and incidentally to American women
and American art. The recipient of the
imperial favor is Emma Cadwallader-
Guild, - the Boston sculptress whose
magnificent bust of President McKinley
has just been acquired by the United
States Government for the new Con
gressional Library. Mrs. Cadwallader- ¦
Guild has for the past five or six years
had her studio in Germany— at Munich,
Dresden, Berlin and other art centers.
A couple of years ago she. decided to
locate permanently in the "Latin Quar
ter" of the German capital, down on
Unlversltatstrasse, which gets its name
from its proximity to the University of
Berlin in Unter den Linden. In order
that her studio might have the inspira
tion of historical" surroundings,' she
sought out a corner of the old and
deserted "Koenlgliche Marstall," or
royal stables, an Immense, spreading,
two-storied structure of yellow stone
and cement, covering an entire block
on Unter den Linden and dating from
the time of Frederick the Great. She
found the crumbling building used for
barn and storage purposes, and musty
with the grime and dust of second
hand commerce. Although her imme
diate neighbors were a blacksmith shop
and a beer saloon, she set about to con
vert about one hundred square feet into
the most artistic studio conceivable.
The old arched walls and celling lent
themselves splendidly- to the. desired
effects, and within a few weeks Mrs..
Cadwallader-Guild found herself amid
surroundings typically . suited to her
work. She had Just begun to feel her- ,
self at home— her studio was becoming
the mecca of Berlin's most exclusive art
society— when a messenger called and
handed her a forbidding looking official
document, which proved to.be an order
to vacate, to make. room for the new
Prussian Royal Library, which the
Government has decided to build on the
site of the old Marstall. Mrs. Cadwal
lader-Guild was nonplused. She had
orders on hand from Princess Henry of
Prussia; from Herr Studt. Prussian
'Minister of Education; from prominent
Americans and Germans 'and English,
and her plans seemed doomed to"noth
ing short of ruin. She pleaded for a
' "respite." The building commissioners
were obdurate. She was told she must
\go. and go soon. To make the order
imperative the razing of the Marstall
all about her. was begun. Meantime,
with" typical American pluck, she had
.decided ; to go to the highest quarter
forj relief from the rigors of Prussian
discipline. She got her story to .the
'. Kaiser's ears. Within .twenty-four
'hours orders were filven "not to molest
Emperor Vacates Order
Annoying £o Bos*
ton Girl
KAISER PAYS
SCULPTRESS
COMPLIMENT
as. a soldier and he showed a fine con
tempt for the logic of consistency,
which Emerson calls "the hobgoblin of
petty minds." The Duke would have
called it something else which the man
In the street would have had no diffi
culty in remembering.
On one occasion an officer of the
Guards .got into a nasty quarrel with
a civilian about a woman and the civi
lian sent him a challenge. The guards
man refused to accept it on the ground
that he was forbidden by the regula
tions of the army. The next day a
big poster, signed by the civilian, was
stuck on the wall of the Guards' bar
racks, announcing that "Captain
is a coward."
The Duke of Cambridge saw it and
asked what it meant. The facts were
told him. He sent for Captain
and asked him if it were true that he
had taken shelter behind the "damned
•ROME, April 30.— For the last" thirty
years Arrlgo Bolto, the former friend
of Verdi, and composer of "Mephisto
pheles," has .kept all Italy waiting for
anbther. opera; yet, though there still
is little or ho prospect that the work
ever will be finished, Bolto has man-,
aged to retain his hold on public confi
dence in a way that can only be de
scribed as extraordinary. .
The maestro's" "MephistopheleV
which he wrote when a young man,
and which Was such a success that his
name became a household word in two
continents, came as a surprise, for he
previously had done no work in tba
least noticeable. Boito," however,
promptly was announced as the man
of the future, who would rival Verdi,
and the friendship which existed be
tween the two musicians was - much
lauded. Time passed and' there was
complete silence on the part of Boltc, •
sq that .his admirers .began to ge.t rest
ive and make inquiries, and then it
was said that he was at work on a
great opera called. "Nero." This, what '
we may safely call "fiction." *as it has
lasted over thirty years, has b«eh kei>t
up ever since. The words "Boito" and
"Nero" have, in fact,, become insepar
able. - ;: *v
The story that he has abstained from
bringing out the "2»ero," which, was
quite completed, so as not to embitter
the last years of his friend and patron,
Verdi, by outshining "him. tided Boito
over many years, giving him at the
same time a halo of. abnegation which
was highly applauded. ' " ' <• j&
The great maestro died in 1901. amd
at last Boito was free to show what
the world had lost by hjs silence. The.
libretto of "Nero" was issued iwith a*
great flourish of trumyets; and it was
even said the singers had been selected,
•and every one was on the qui vive
when it began to be whispered that the
opera^ needed finishing touches — which
apparently" are still wanting.
Although he is said to work ardently
from 9 a. m." to 12 p. m., tha' following
anecdote will illustrate his methods:
Not long before his. death, Verdi urged
Boito to complete his work, whereupon
the other repljed: "I try to compose,
but who could do so in the awful noise
' of Milan?" Genoa was proposed, but
the noise there also was too distract
ing. Verdi then thought of t"ne villa
Reggio, describing it3- beauties with
such enthusiasm, that the weary Bolto
declared it was just the spot to finish
his "Nero." He soon settled . himself
.in what seemed the Drimeval forest,
•completely alone. However. Inspiration
did not come, as the decorations of the
walls of the house disturbed hia artistic
sense, and some time" passed before
they were made to his liking. Then he
was to. get to "work, but he suddenly
discovered that the table w^as not fit
to write upon, /but' that difficulty was
overcome by the owner of | the ¦ forest
placing all the tables of hls'palaces at
the maestro's disnosal to choose "from.
• -At. last Verdi "thought he Vould pay
¦ him a visit and found him atr the ter
• race of the house,- lost in the stup«n
. dous view jof the, sea, sky ' and woods.
"That is inspiration enough for tha
'Nero-,' " Verdi remarked. "AhL" sighed
the composer and .poet,- "it is grand, so
grand that I cannot work for contem
plation of it!" But with all this, Boito,
who has not composed a note worth
anything for over thirty-five 'years, is
the most admired maestro in "Italy.
Schools, styles and tendencies change.
but his "Mephlstopheles" Is ever fresh
and delightful, while* no one makes fun
¦of him but a few profane persons who
would laush at anything. After* all.
the man who cati keep the public wait
ing for over thirty years, for fhe same
constantly announced opera, and have
that same public still believe in him,
must be a prodigy.
"Mephisiopheles"
Only Work in
Lifetime.
BERLIN, April 30.— Plans are being
elaborated for building an enormous
hotel, facing Unter den Linden, on
American lines, to cost, with the site,
J5.000.000. The- location is close to the
principal railway station, Friedrich
strasse. Half of the capital will be
raised in the United States. The man
ager, the submanager and the clerks
will all be Americans conversant with
American hotel ways.
The promoters are sanguine of a tri
umph, as the Berlin hotels are neither,
good nor moderate ln rates, and-com
fort, as It is understood in the best
American hotels, is unknown.'.
An enterprise of a novel character
Though the Duke cf Cambridge had
a brilliant war record, his appointment
to. 1 he post of commander in chief was,
of couree. made on account of his rank.
The Duke talked straight, called a
epaAt a spade, and idid not do his
f wearing . by proxy. It Is a fact, a
lamentable. fact, perhaps, that his pop
ularity in the army was no little in
creased, by his proficiency, volubility
and originality as a "cusser." To say
that he • coitld "swear like a' trooper"
is doing him scant Justice. The troop
ers were glad and proud to learn of
him. At- reviews the men strained their
ears to pick up some new "swear
words" or choice epithets to become
part of the recognized emergency vo
cabulary ef the army when retailed at
the canteen.
He would most cordially damn his
own regulations as commander in chief
when they ran counter to his feelings
ORIGIYAi; IX PKOFAXITV.
LONDON, April 30.— Lacking little
more . than, a week ofx attaining '. his
eighty-fifth birthday, the Duke of Cam
bridge, -a. Prince of the blood royal, who
was; for. thirty-nine years commander
In chief of the British army, is dead,
and though, doubtless, the usual bio
graphical sketches of him are printed
in the United States, the etory of the
tough, bluff, picturesque old soldier'*
life contains one or two especially pic
turesque chapters that may, however,
escape notice in the accounts of him
published in the United States. . •
It may not be remembered, at home,
how near the Duke came to being
George -V, by the Grace of God King of
Great Britain and Ireland, Defender of
\he Faith, and so oh. The one who
<-aine. /between him and "England's
<rown was. of course.- his girl cousin,
who, though born two months later,
ascended the throne as Queen Victoria.
King George IV and King William IV
died childless. When the Duke of Cam
bridge was born on March 26, 1819, as
the son of the seventh son of King
George III he was the heir presumptive
to the British crown, none of the rest
of the old King's numereus progeny
having at that time any living issue of
legitimate birth.. For. eight weeks he
held that position. - ; ". Then, however,
tame the birth of. Princess Victoria of
Kent, .daughter of the fourth son of'
king Geprge III,, and. the Cambridge
toy was no ' longer heir presumptive.
But, for. some years his parents enter
tained great expectations, fo'r Victoria
.-'."-¦'wiis^ : 'considered ; .a,! ! very delicate child
: and the*, boy was stout jand lusty. . At
the. PticTpestiori of ¦King William. IV,
. Avho : . ¦greatly..;; disliked ih'e Duchess- of
Kent, : the yo^ng Duke : was brought to
lp fr>*»»if i ' jffi.frtf?H!fr*F'Jt*V;*t>»f i 'ji+ mfght
be; th-e.beiter ¦ qualified .to take advan
tage .Of the death cf the : PrincessV "*'
¦ ijopk/bd to : ii^xo veiui. •; .
. Even ' after. ¦'. Queen .Victoria's early
. inarrtage" and; large' family had deprived
¦ hteh : cf all- chances^ of .becoming • Eng
vJand's King, be seemed assured of "ulti
mately '.ascending the throne of Han
over; for .between hfro a'n,d it was' only
t/a^:\f^i^-!kjA^^ttypoy t ''jBOO ?>f the
Duke" of; Cumberland, the' fifth oh the
list of. the. sons' of King .George IIL
The^ boj- t bepain« totally _bjlnd. but still
he-1iv.edib be -Hanover's' king, dying
¦hroken^heaned in exile, after Prussia
;had.;annexQd. his., kingdom. Probably
vhe- Duke.. counted- it a great piece of
Ctuiir that: he missed tha't crown, and
if . h*» -e.ver b^re fate'a grudge for "spoil
,'injr his 4irosi>ec.ts. of ruling over- Eng
.l.ircd;' he" never betrayed any signs of.
.' it.'- ' .'"¦••.'. "'.••'
' ." 'it' would sefni-that he has cared little
¦for. kin/fly. ; honor, -for. he .deliberately
t-iihtrac.ted a-. morganatic marriage, by
.-.which he -denied himself all 'the'ad -
. vji-n.tages' of a .• great alliance and
•< -fused -a.il the- avenues of royalty to
-.•fais-desce.ndahts.' •'."¦•' • '• ;;.
'.- He.: married", a ' M&s Farebrother, an
..'•.br<-ur<-. actress-, who was-neither glfte'd
•j-vitti ¦ fSeauty nor ¦ with any
¦ pijvrcrs^. of fascinatfo.n that others could
"•IKTceivp. 'But in his- eyes fche. had one
supremo- claim on" his devotion— he
r Joyed* her "and she. loved .him. He was
a.-. gMod-. husband -and the iv as. a' good
;."".v, ife "and what .the .wotld thought of
thf'ir unkin- neither seemed to' care.
"••>f "f-kty -never recbgjxixed her. She was
.•/srltidod' from' the- court Circles and
".bpHiiint .social functions at which her
.*li*il«=band:was"a ive-lcome* guest. .But as
,:-Ct£nj? *s F.ho.live'l.'Tja. matter -where he
;-KFwjisjf:ihe'clay f c/r"what affairs o-f state
• «;r ple'jisufe .he attended 'in the evening.
''^.•"JtWn'r.each Of "town, ipvery night
hfr" J>inpk.'..!jirn!«&lf,. lfke' the faithful
¦;'.-!?uisljji-»id .h" "vvbs. t» their modest, com-
T foV i t/j!5Je,-h.o.=ne laT-Mayfafr." " .
..:*. fijK\<*Ti:D VO HIS WIFE. !
.-: When 'his aqnt," the Duchess of-Glou
cester.."'died Ln 1*57," she left him a big
fortune and .a big' mansion, Gloucester
House, at- lhe cOtfner of .Park Lane and
Piccadilly.- ¦: Here he : entertained in
lavish; •'fasniof»,' <Ji?pe"nsing the. most
generous'.' hospitality. . His wife was
never present 6n these festive • occa
sions, -but however late the hour or
inclement- the weather, .when the guests
had fiorie. he, t"oo. left'^h'e big house to"
spend the rest «of -the- -night* with his
wife and family. ' It .was a strange
dcruble life "he had/ in which domestic
virtue and not .vice was hidden from
jrubiic scrutiny. Even when she"- grew
old his devotion .4*o her .showed no
•abatement...: ¦'. . -" ¦
¦Several children .'his wife bore" him
and • the surname Fitzgeorge was be
'.rtowed on. them.- -Though illegitimate
according' -to the. restricted definition
ciybich .royalty gives that .word, while
• •bahnir.g'thelr mother royalty cordially
• received them -and society made" much
<¦>( them. -The sons all entered the army
*>r navy and it is eaid have owtd their
rtdva'nccrr.ent. to* their own unaided
merits. Be. that as- it may, the eldest
son,', -after forty- four years of" service,
is how a rear. admiral on ; the' retired
list.' and the brother next him is a
colonel in the .army.
Friend of Verdi
Still Makes i
Promises.
Blind Boy Named
as King of
WORLD
WAITING
ON BOITO
England's Crown
; Falls to Girt
i/Qj^en.
DUKE OF CAMBRIDGE, FOR MANY YEARS HEAD OF BRITISH ARMY,
BARRED FROM TWO THRONES BY A N UNLUCKY STROKE OF FATE
THE SAN. FRANCISCO: ;CALL, ;SUNDAY, .MAY 1. 1904.
21The representatives from the sub
ordinates of the Independent Order
of Odd Fellows elected to attend the
Grand Lodge session in Native Sons'
Hall in this city May 10 will, in addi
tion to electing officers for the ensu
ing term, have to determine what
shall be done with the "White. tract."
In Santa Clara Valley, .selected at the
previous session as a site upon which
to erect an Odd Fellows' Home. It is
said that. though the site is a good
one, that it is impossible to obtain
sufficient water on the ground and
that a very great expense would have
to be incurred if it had to be piped
from the nearest point, about three
miles away.
The reports that are being received
from the various lodges show great
prosperity In the order during th'e
past year.
A new lodge, to work in the Swed
ish language, was instituted in this
city April 29 by Grand Master Baker
and other grand officers. It was or
ganized in the afternoon, and in the
evening the initiatory degree was
conferred by a' team from- Magnolia
Lodge and the first' by a team from
Apollo Lodge.
* Rising Sun Lodge was instituted at
The Odd Fellows.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge No. 90 held
a reception in the Memorial Hall of
the Odd Fellows', -building April 20 In
honor of President Alma I. Jensen of
the California and other officers of
that body, Mrs. Flora Bergman, the
district deputy, and the grand master
of the "Independent Order of Odd Fel
lows, C. W. Baker. Those who were
Invited were: Alma I. Jensen, Dora L.
Gardner, Mary E. Donoho, Jennie
Katzenstein, Annie M. ( Howe, Jessie
Fargo, Ella E. Van Court, Byrd Tre
gaskis, Mary G. Barnes, Mary Me-
Guire, C. W. Baker, J.W. Linscott, W.
W. Phelps, George T. Shaw, James W.
Harris, . William Nicholas Jr., Milton
G. Gill, C. O. , Burton, John Glasson,
James F. Nichols, Rev. B. D. Naylor,
Henry Jacks, D. J. Mannix. Alix Ilsohn,
J. W. E. Allen; General. H. O. Brower,
department commander; W. H. Wood
bridge, grand patriarchy •
The reception, which was for the pur
pose of bringing together the officers
and members of, the lodge and the of
ficers I of the assembly and the " grand
officers, was followed by an elaborate
banquet, at which the.'grand^ chaplain
of the Grand Lodge, I. 6. O. F., Rev. B.
D. Naylor, offered grace. Mrs. Isabella
Clarke, the noble grand of -Oriental,
presided and offered a greeting, to. the
president of the assembly, who was the
especial, guest of 'honor. To j this Mrs.
Jensen made a touching reply,' after
which Dr. C. : H. Walworth; the tbast-
The Rebekahs.
The leap year party given by Beu
lah Chapter of the Eastern Star in the
South San Francisco Masonic Hall o'n
the third Saturday in April was a
very pleasant affair; in fac"t, it was
stated by many of- the frequent visitors
to the chapter that it was the most en
joyable function- ever- given by the
chapter. The hall was very prettily
decorated. The grand march was led",
by Associate Matron Miss Geneva Wil
liams and Albert Dantelson,. the patron.
Past Patron George "William Henry
Patterson of ;Ivy Chapter was awarded
a prize for being the one who during •
the evening had violated the greatest
number of leap year rules and being
obliged to. pay the greatest ftumber of
fines. The successful carrying' out of
all the details of the function was due
to the efforts ofr~Emma Wedemeyer
Geneva Williams, Olivia Panleison.*
Annie Nellari, Katherlna Bayle, Albert
Danielson and' Adolph * Frederick
Fitchen. the committee on supervision.
Olive Branch. Chapter, Order of the
Eastern Star., has completed all ar
rangements for the ball that It will •
give in Steinway Hall on the evening
of May 10. The committee having •
charge of the same will use every ef
fort to make this one of the most de
lightful functions that the chapter has
ever arranged for.
At the meeting of Starr King Chap
ter to be held on the first Tuesday in
May in its hall on Devisadero street
the routine business will be disposed of
with "promptness and dispatch," after
which the social committee will present
a most interesting programme of en
tertainment for members and visitors -'
from other chapters, a general Invita
tion having been extended to all th« •
chapters of the city.
Ea'stern Star.
Joseph A. Wilson, recently appointed
deputy, has been visiting the different
councils -and urging the membership
to greater activity. He expects before
the end of May to present" the name*
of one hundred candidates for* Initia
tion.
San Francisco Council wajs officially
visited by tne Cabinet • 6r\ the- third
Thursday in April, and it was ad
dressed by Friends Vincent., Klngsforti."
Bunting, Wilson. MeManus, McCaU-..
Galvin, Arte'r. Levy and Doane. Friend-
Tressedier favored with vocal selec-.
tions. After the meeting the. members
and visitors engaged in a game of pro-,
gresslve whist.
California Council at its- last meet
ing had work in the initiatory degree,,
and at the close of the meeting Speaker
Ker presented" an interesting- pnv
gramme for the pleasure of the mem
bers. • -' \- ' : iX
The nine local councils are engaged at
this time preparing for the celebration
of the anniversary of the foundation of
the National Union. In connection
with this celebration there, will be a
special day and night at the • Chutes,
under ihe direction of the. San Fran
cisco Cabinet.- • : ".
National Union,
A new tribe will be' Instituted at Ba
kersfield this, week by Great Sachem
Samuels, assisted by Great Chief of
Records Bliss : and other great chiefs.
The chief's degree will on that occa
sion be conferred by the team of the
tribe in Fresno, .
Great Incohonee Harrison of Indian
apolis and Great Chief, of Records Wil
son • Brooks , of. Chicago, both of the
Great Council, of the United States. ; will
visit this reservation in the early part
of June and officially call on the local
tribes. Qn the 10th ..sleep of the . hot
moon there will be the a-doptlon In- a
class of a large number, of palefaces
in the long house, after which there
will be long talks by the visiting great
•chiefs. The- great • incohonee was " in
this city a few years . since, and so
pleased was he that he declared -he
never would feel content until after: he
had paid it a second visit. On trailing
to this reservation' the two great chiefs
will halt on the trail, at Albuquerque,
N. M., and at Tucson, to institute a
great council. for each of these Territo
ries. They will then take up the trail
for : Los Angeles, where they will T»
main for four suns. They will be .ac
companied by Mrs. Harrison and Mrs.
Brooks. ¦
Great Pocahontas '¦ Minnie Betts re
cently instituted a new council of the
Degree of Pocahontas at Ukiah with
fifty-eight charter members, one ' at
Hollister with sixty-nine, and she will
institute one at Riverside. May 21. . \
The Red Men of Sacramento are mak
ing great preparations for the street
fair to be. held in the capital* city May
9 to 14. , i; > >
Stock. One of- the 'very active, mem
bers of this tribe. John" Patterson, had
the misfortune recently, 1 while at work,
to meet with an accident which crushed
one of his feet. It will be severar weeks
before he can resume the' hunt. ': Last
night the tribe had aball In Eintracht
Hall. - which was up to the grandeur
of the social affairs. that jhis very en
terprising tribe arranges. , <.
master, announced the" regrets of Grand
Master Baker, - Past : Grand Patriarch
James W. Harris, • J.' W. Linscott, Jen
nie -Katzenstein and the grand secre
' tary at -inability, to be present. He then
.called, for .responses to toasts as fol
'.lows: "Our Home," Mary:E. Donolio,
secretary of- the assembly; "Love of
Fraternity," '. Dora - L. Gardner;
'.'Thoughts of My Term," District Dep
uty Mrs. Bergman; "The: Ladies,", Past
Grand Master W. H. Barnes, and "Our
Mission," Annie M.' Howe. Each one
who attended was presented a hand
some souvenir menu card, in red and
gold, on ( which is printed a full history
of the /event. This, one of the most
pleasant affairs given by a- lodge of this
I order, was under the direction of the
: following committee of arrangements:
Ixiuette. Dietz, Nellie Stickney, Mar
guerite Derby, Gertrude Spotswood,
Fannie Dupea, Rebecca Walworth,
Josephine Walworth, Amy Webb, Mary
Thrane. Annie Erwin, Louis W. Clarke,
Charles Coburh, William G.Hinton,
Wilford Dupea, Steven Heck. E. K.
,Rountree, Frank .Dupea, Joseph Rose
Jr., George Erskine and '.: Elizabeth
Shaw,: who prepared the menu card.
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge -oh the third
Tuesday in April gave a pleasant en
tertainment and dance in its hall un
der the direction of Past Noble Grand
Priscilla Munro.- The numbers on the
programme were: Vocal selections,, by
the Garden City Quartet; recitation,
by Miss Alexina AVells: banjo solo,
¦ Samuel Backman; vocal . solo, . E. Mc-
Adams, and musical selections, by the
Gayety'Club. The entertainment was
followed by - dancing and serving of
light refreshments.
"California, the pioneer lodge of the
Rebekahs. will have an i anniversary
celebration on June 13. The ball re
cently • given by District Deputy Mrs.
Flora Bergman, a member- of this lodge,
with the assistance of the other lodges
of the district, In aid of the Orphans'
Home at Gllroy, netted $350, which
amount will be used to purchase a
piano for the home. California Lodge
recently gave a party and entertain
ment, at .which Captain M. Samuels
was the master of cermeonies. It was
a very enjoyable, affair. On that oc
casion Lizzie B. McMullin, a member
of the lodge, was awarded a handsome
prize for having sold the greatest
number of ticket for the Orphans'
Home benefit. She disposed of 300
tickets.
The dramatic entertainment given
by Mission Rebekah Lodge in Hin
man's Hall, on the third Friday in
April was a very pleasing affair, that
had been- arranged by Alma Miller,
Minnie Pollock and Harry Trowbridge.
The programme Included the > -follow
ing n*umbers: "Overture, ,Hynes' ; Or
chestra; contralto solo,. Edith Scott
Basford; "Grandmother's. Gown," a
dramatic sketch,', by Miss Genevieve
Clarke and E. Ellis Pollock; barytone
solo, M.; Bonner: recitation. Miss
Antoinette Draghlcevich, and - soprano
solo, Miss Ethel Carroll. This Was fol
lowed by a one-act romance of the
South, entitled "Marse Van," in which/
the characters were assumed by, Ful
ton :McClare,..E. Ellis Pollock, Miss
Antoinette Draghicevich, " Miss Gene
vieve Clarke and Edith Scott Basford..
After the vaudeville numbers, there
was.a programme ;of dancing under
the direction of Harry Trbwbridge,
floor/ manager, assisted, by , Charles
Perry, Lee J. Hildreth and Dr. Cql
burn. -.The members of th"e : reception
committee were: Emma Arfisory Lulii
Perry, ' Alma Miller, Emily knbph,
FRATERNAL - WOMEN
WHO J ASPIRE TO
]'jHlCHER^6BmCE.
upon. After the v work" of the, evening
"tnVre^were^'lriteres'tlng long . talks by
Great SaChemi Samuels,- Great Chief of
Records; Bliss. Past -Great Sachem
Boyes. District Deputy , Dastugue. and
plain, ordinary every-day chief, E.I C.
Keith Parlor had an at home Mon
day, April 25. in honor "of its pres
ident, who was recently married and
is now Mrs. Robert B. Downie. • Dur
ing the evening the parlor gave the
bride a silver berry spoon as a wed
ding gift and then followed speeches
of congratulations. Among those
present as special guests were Past
Grand President Keith, Grand Secre
tary Laura J. Frakes, Sara Boohe Col
lier of Mariposa and Frahkie Miliken,
past president \of Mauna Loa Parlor,
but now a "member of, Gabrielle Par
lor by transfer. After the clogeof the
meeting there was a Spanish supper
with plenty of enchiladas. This par
lor has -decided to have e.nlarged pic
tures or Miss Keith, for- whom the
parlor was named, and Dr. Amy Flor
ence 1 Temple, the founder of the same,
framed and underneath have a gal
lery of past presidents, adding an
other photo as a president, retires.*
Over the groupj will be the name of
the parlor and the following, motto,
which it has adopted: "We Lead,
Others Follow." '< V. ' ¦
Miss Laura J. Frakes, grand secre
tary, has returned to her office 'after
a few days' absence, during which she
was in attendance upon her mother,
who was very ill at her home in Sut
ter Creek.
The twelfth anniversary ball of
Buena Vista Parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West, given
in Native Sons' Hall on the third
Thursday in April, was one of those
pleasant social functions for which
this parlor is noted. The color in the
decoration was deep iredV with elec
trical effects, and the dance pro
gramme . was also red. Those who
had the! control of this" function were
Miss Anna Worth, Mrs. -C. Lignon,
Mrs. Mae Xoble, Mrs. G. Grandelman.
Mrs. Charles Bell, Miss Edna" Barnes,
Miss Anita* Hauer, Miss' Corene Fre
chette, Miss Emma 'Benning, Miss
Augusta Hahne, Miss. -Eva Phillips.
Miss Mollie Long 1 and Miss Lydia
Greene. Mrs. Emma Webber was the
floor manager and Miss Worth her
assistant..* -,- ' . '¦-• "-.-.i- \?
Native Daughters.
The thirtieth anniversary celebratlo.n
by the members of Boadeeia Circle of
the Druidesses, In th'e latter part of
April, was a delightful' affair. There
was initiation, as there was thirty
years ago, and there were a few short
congratulatory speeches, after which
an excellent supper was -ved in the
banquet hall of the Shiels building. :
El Dorado Circle has been making
rapid progress of -late. At Its first meet
ing in May the circle will Install Its
new officers. Among these is Miss J.
Viganio, who will be placed at the
station of second bard, having been
promoted from conductress. As such
she displayed remarkable ability, to
perform the duties of the office, and her
friends predict that on her onward
march to the chair of arch Druidess
she will make an excellent record, and
will, become one of the brightest arch
Druidesses that the circle has ever had.
Tosemite Grove of the United
Ancient Order of" Druids paid a visit
last week to Golden Star Grove to see
School Superintendent W. H. Langdon
receive one of the degrees. After the
work of the evening there were ad
dresses by a number of the visitors.
The Past Arch Association paid a
fraternal visit to Galileo Grove In
Garibaldi Hall last. weeK, and wit
nessed the conferring of the second de
gree in the amplified form by the team
of that grove. This team does this
work in the Italian language with a
perfectness and dramatic effect that
are marvelous. The team was con
gratulated for Its efficiency.
At the first . meeting in May. Past
Arch William H. Kent of Yosemite
Grove will be presented with a beauti
ful gold emblematic charm by the grove
in token of Its appreciation of the work
he has .done for It;..r. »
The picnic which Fortuna Grove was
to have given at Angels Camp to-day
ha3 been postponed until May 8. }*"-#*
The official visit of Grand Arch
Druidess Louise Zazzi. Grand Secre-;
tary Thornhill, Grand Treasurer Bam
man and Grand Conductress Heidento
Laurel, the, home circle of Grand Or-"
ganist Miss Eva Wolff, last week, was
a pleasant gathering of members of the
order. There was an initiation by the
officers of El Dorado Circle, assisted
by Mrs. Robert Martin of Boadeeia Cir
cle, after which' there were addresses
by the visitors, and the circle served a
collation. "'::.!
There were many of the grand officers
present and visitors from other circles.
The circle rendered the work of the or
der -in a creditable' manner and was
praised for it. After addresses by the
visiting officials, including Supreme
Sub-chief Companion Mrs. L. Atwoad
and the "orator of the order." Mrs. R.
Kemp Van Ee, the circle served ice
cream and cake. • l -¦'.:¦¦
*_ . . -: ¦- . ¦- :
The Druidic Order.
Minnie Pollock, Nellie Trowbridge and
Olivia Hildreth. . ?:
Los Angeles, April 27. by Past Grand
Master George W. Stockwell.'
The lodge in San Mateb.- will play
a fraternal visit on the -first Friday
In May to Apollo Lodge. of. this city.
The members of that lodge will as
semble at Fifth and Market stireets to
•receive the visitors and escprt them to
the lodge room. •'* -.*.*r \:~;}\:-j ¦¦'••
At^the assemblage of the lodges of
Alameda County on April 23 Jn .the
Odd Fellows' Hall. Haywards, there
were nearly seven hundred .members
of the order present, including: Can
tons .Nos. 5 and.ll of the Patrtaxchs
Militant, under command of Major C-.
H. Kornbeck. The decrees' were con
ferred, on Uyenty-seven candidates, the
Initiatory by Enclhal Lodge. -of Ala
meda. -the first by Berkeley Lodge of
Berkeley, the second by Harbor and
the third by Porter Lodge, both of
Oakland. The work was exceedingly
well done, and It was ai> allrnisht ses
sion. It was half-past 4 In the raorn
lng # before the last supper table was
set 'for those who attended the meet-
under the sachemshlp of Gus.Wessling
conferred the warribrs' degree on five
hunters in a manner, that has seldom
been excelled in the rendition of that
work. Each chief was up in what he
had ro do; and not only did : each give
the work without book," but, did what
is seldom' done — added intonation and
gesture to make the work more for
cible. This was favorably commented
• W. R. Mcln.tosh. editor of one of the
papers, in Fresno and a prominent Red
Man of that section of the reservation,
was In this city a few days since and
during his stay visited a number of the
tribes.
On the 13th sleep of the plant moon
Altahmos .Tribe was offlclally.visited by
Great Sachem Samuels and Great Chief
of Records Bliss. To let the distin
guished-visitors see how well the .de
gree team i is up In. its work the chiefs
Manzanita Council, D. of P., gave
an entertainment in the banquet hall
of the Odd Fellows' building Friday
night, which; prove*d to be a most en
joyable affair.. During, the .current
month the co'uncil in Vallejo will visit
Manzanita, when its degree, team will
confer the degree on a number of can
ddates for the. visited council.
Yosemite. Tribe will give a grand
ball in Union Square Hall oh the night
of May 14 fn aid of its fund to be used
for the purchase of new costumes for
Us degree team. The affair is in the
hands; of William Goldman. J. Lewis,
C. West, O. ' H. Butzke and George
Dastugue. .
. Kaweah Co'uncil of the Degree of
Pocahontas Is adopting palefaces at
every session. A visit from Great Po
cahontas Minnie Belts marked the
meeting of the council last week and
members were entertained with an in
structive long talk by the,distinguish
ed visitor. '. This council had a grand
social, in Franklin' Hall Thursday
nightJ . t,';>;V:
". The degree team of Tosemite Tribe
conferred the adoption degreeoh. the
palefaces that were adopted Into Cal
umet Tribe on the 11th sleep of the
plant moon. -The work was under the
direction of; Sachem Dastugue and
was presented with that sublimity for
which this tribe Is noted. • ".;-'•*
:* On the third Thursday in April
Walla Walla Tribe. 1. O. R. M.. had a
hiost successful smoker in its wigwam
In Frarikllh Hall, From the time the
chairma/J called the assemblage to or
der'until ali Joined in' singing "Home.
S\veet Home" "there was not a dull
moment- This tribe, which is but a
year old, ; presented a programme of
.fen.te.rtainment that pleased every one
•and created a favorable impression on
the. many palefaces who attended. The
masquerade ball a few months since,
the entertainment recently given :to
the : - members and .their lady friends
and relatives ahd the smoker prove
that the Walla Walla boys are : up-to
date In the. entertainment line* • The
last "affair was conducted : under the
direction of A. L. Riley, chairman of
the evening. The' following' was the
programme: Banjo selections, M.
Lawler;. monologue, Professor . Wil
liams; vocal selections;. Otto. Schoen
ivald: instrumental selections, Profes-.
sor . Marcroft; popular airs on 'the'
phonograph; ballads, Henry Work
heim; boxing for • points. Eddie Eldr
redge and J. McLaughlln of- the Bel
rnont*Athletic Club; barytone solo, W.
Cluff; ragtime selections on. the piano;
recitations. Dr. Ryer;. whistling- solo.
Charles Koch; story, telling, A. H.
Friend; impersonations, M. J. Men
delsohn,, and short stories by W. F.
Welch, B. Jones, B.- Brady and J. H.
Poole. '-',T-tl- '¦
Improved Red Men.
fraternal work, attended to listen to the
words of wisdom as they, fell from the
Ups of the guest of the evening. "
. The grand: guardian neighbor, Mrs.
Van. Orsdall, paid a visit last-Tues
day to Redwood. Circle -No. 72,
and. was /well received. . On that
night there- a .farewell to Past
Guardian Neighbor. Mrs. Theresa C.
Ambrose, -who. Is io make her home in
San Jose very soon, i During the. even
ing this .Iady : was ¦ presented a gdlden
heart for having sold the greatest num
ber .of ; tlckets for an 'entertainment rer
•cently given- by the circle. This was
the donation of Neighbor Mrs.'Walcott.
Mrs. Van Orsdall made.: an interesting
address during the session of the- clr
.cle. There was the serving of a light
•collation after the close of the busi
ness. • - . \ -.
„• . California Canrp Nio. C4 wjH. have a
* gua'nd^ benefit .-in" th^ shaj>e oX a Wood-.
'ntaiafr night at. the ;L>'ceum. Theater,"
\\"'odnesda-y.' May .23, .".There 'will be : an
uiiu'sua-lly "aJttra'ctlve.rbili: * .• . '
San.'.Fr"ancisco' Camp win have .an
anniversary" enfertalnment and dance
in N.aftive Sone' Hall on -Monday even
ing. May 3r6." when an excellent,- up- to-,
date* prograrhmjv'wijl-" : be offered/ con
cluding, with "An Amer.ican Harem.",
a farce presented "• by th°e Sab' Fran
cisco" Dramatic. C'lub. • This will be fol-'
lowed by dancing., '..-.;
Maple Hall,- Oakland.' was" crowded
last "week on' the occasion of the pre
eentatio.ir:6f the. initiatory work of the
order .before-thi grand guardian, Car
rSe.C^Van.'Orsdall, by Women qf Woodr
crs,ft. Neighbor M. M v Kline of Spruce
Circle." Alarrieda-, -waa chairman of the
evening, ".and. in welcoming the distin-;
guisbed visitor said: ""We feel that it is
an especial ;hono'r. to; have "the" privilege,
"of being th'e. first .assembly' of" Women,
of Woodcraft." to welcome our. grand
guardian -neighbor, Mrs. C. : C. Van Ors
dall. to our Golden State. : We ' there
fore greet 'you "as our distinguished
guest, as the champ-ion of th'e. cause
of the* needy axd. oppressed, as a bril
liant Ugbt in tfre fraternal world and
as chief executive' of one of the most
magnificent ".beneficiary orders of. the
twentieth century?" .The grand' guard-
Jon neighbor responded, accepting the
welcome in iar^ enthusiastic speech, and
expressed htrself as being very happy
to breathe'tfie ajr of California again*.
The initiatbry.jvlork was by' the follow
ing,* ivho rendered .Jhe several charges
lii a", manner that -tva's "marked for Its
perfectness.- Neighbof Kruger of Spruce
Cfrcle, * Alamecja/ guardian .neighbor;
JCeighb'bY "Ram'rnage ©f Palma Circle?
H'aywards, parsed, guardian neighbor;
Keighbor'- Johnson of .Olive Branch cir^
cle, 5an Leandr*q, : adviser; Neighbor
HugHes of "CeFrito Circle, West' Berke-'
ley, magician'. Neighbor Hendriclts of
Foresta Circle-, Wesr "Oakland, 'attend- .
ant; N.eighbor: M-unce of Alma Circle.
East Oakland,' clerk; .Neighbor Patton
of Oakland Clf^J." Oakland, banker;
Neighbor MjJlejr of Oakland Circle, cap
tain- of lhe_ 'guards; Neighbor Parks of
Foresta Circle,;" .West' Oakland, inner
eentinel; • Neighbor Cruza of Oakland
Circle, Oakland.- outer sentinpl.. The
ev-ening was bnou'ght to a close with an
exhibition drill 6y the Oakland team,
commanded by» C.aptain Miller. This
team has won an enviable repulation
for Us excellent ¦ floor work. -A few
flights after the'tfrand guardian neigh-'
bor was tendercd-a reception In Wood
men's Hall; at which. many people, not
members of the erd'er but Interested in
}': -.y.Vfeature of-, the; reception, tendered
".<< % ..C;arrie €'. Van Orsdall. grand guard
.- iSn'of ;th<?._vryn7en.of Woodcraft, in'Na
• ;Sons" : Uvie : Hall." April 25, u'a-s the ap
; pcanaface'-' of." the Woodmen ¦ \ of the
VWorld' in. -such large-numbers from the
local, -/camps". When the subject of a
. reception' was broached -to the Wood
"rr^n,.. Laurence". Vincent and" "Pop"
-V^iison"of California Camp replied, "All
./right,"' ladies; weXl- b* "there— with
•bells.-" The .premise' was. literally car
.ried'-out. tojfezifh. ipember - of that
cztrnp. on entering the hall; had pinned
•on -the. lapel .'of his coat., a tri-colored
'iuw-. to. fastened a minia
'. ture beLl, and- -many of'-the- Woodmen
\vho are not members of t liat camp
, '^yer'e each .given, one 'of : the bellboVvs.
The. reception \va*= one of the grandest
• In- the historv .qf.the Women of Wo.od
"craft.'and the grand, guardian,, as she
looked on the.niany hundreds who we'-'
-corned -. h'er.- "said that in the seven
.years.that she-has been the'head of the
'order-, she. .'n^'ver received a -welcome
"ifra-fc'.was tfquat- to .the one tendered
,-her-by- the Saii/Franciseo -Women 'of
•"Woodcraft, ahd Woq'drnen. of the World.
."Sirs. Hester B.:6livejr saM in her open-'
Jng : remarks 4s. chairman- of. the eye'n-.
lh> : that th'e -"Woodhreo of Ibe World
• %ve're entitled . tot ni jich praise for -the'
"interest" they", had, shown ." in behalf . of
: the -.Women .of/; Woodcraft ' ind . that
ibe unrforfned. teams . were- entitled;] to'
•thanks for -turrii^gout .In .Iar^e num
bers." ': ."*•¦' ' " ¦..'¦ ¦¦ " . . .' v '. '. .
¦¦'.:¦¦¦¦! ' ¦ " ¦ ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO^CALL,: SUNDAY, MAY Vl, 1904.
22
American Foresters.
Court Point Lobos, Foresters of
America, gave ail entertainment and
dance in Richmond Hall, * in the" Rich
mond district, on the fourth .Tuesday in
April. There was a pleasing programme
and many numbers on the dance list.
Court Verbano and Verbano Circle
have arranged for a family- outing to
Stockton May 15.
Court Sunflower will have a reunion
and picnic at Fernbrook Park May 22.
Court Justice had a jolly high jinks
in its hall. in the Alcazar building April
23. There was a large crowd, plenty of
smoking material and a good pro
gramme of entertainment. »
Grand Trustee Henry Haab was at
the last held meeting- of Court Barba
rossa, of which he was for many years
the financial secretary, presented a val
uable gold watch as a token of appre
ciation of his services while in office. -
New Century. Circle, will give an en
tertainment and leap year party in the
Alcazar building Wednesday, May 11.
Bay City Circle, Companions of the
Forest of ," America, had ; an open meet
ing Monday, April 25,. and the commit
tee .in charge provided entertainment
of '-a. "pleasing character for. the mem
bers and guests. There were present a
number of visitors 'from James G.
Blaine Circle, and *fn addition to the
music" and songs there .were addresses
by Mate Cartwright, past chief of the
circle- named:, Companion Mrs. Label,
its financial secretary, and E.C. Stock
of Robin Hood Circle, who spoke on
"Fraternal Protection." * The pro
gramme was followed by the serving of
a collation. .
'.' Court Bay City, has arranged . for a
high jinks for Thursday, '. May, 19, in its
hall in the Alcazar building. ; - .
On the ; last Tuesday ' in .April Grand
Chief Companion Mrs. Kriinmlnger paid
an official visit to Live Oak Circle.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMAlberta Gallatin is' on her 'way East
with Ibsen's "Ghosts," in .which she
has recently been starring with great
. ¦ "CamHle" Js becoming, very popular.
Those now using it are Henry Miller
and Margaret Anglin,. Virginia. Har
ned, Eugenie Blair, Nance O'Neil, Etta
Reed Pay ton and Grace. Reals.
Daniel Frawley. recently, closed a sea
son in South .Africa" .which was chiefly
notable for, the good productions and
bad patronage. Theater-goers only, woke
up to. the.fact that Americans could
produce | plays ; when Frawley produced
"Sherlock, \Holmes." • They could not
withstand this." "arid ; the • house was
crarnrned the rest of-the week. Among
the plays, produced, by Mr. Frawley
,were '"Brother Officers" and "Secret
Service." . . ... : : •'-.¦,
Charles Frohman is to present Ethel
Barrym'ore In London In H. H. Davis'
comedy -"Cynthia." " .
Vera Mlchelena is .the prima donna
in "The Ma'n Frbnv'Chlna" In Balti
more. • ' ' ' •
. . Weber and .Fields ;are doing a great
business in Boston; in "Whoop-dee
doo.": Boston theater-goers are turning
out en masse ,' to. satisfy • themselves of
CHAT ABOUT tVELL
KNOWN PLAYERS
any visible indications of the" recent
rumor of the dlssblutipn "of partnership
of these heretofore inseparables. ' .
¦ The next on the list is "Pilgrim's
Progress." Fred C Whitney is to make
the production, Julian Edwardes is to
write the music and- Stanislaus Stange
.will be. responsible* for the book. The
production is promised for next season.
r - • • •• .v ¦;*-•¦-
• Jeff de Angelis is the Marks In Wil
liam A. Brady's revival of "Uncft
Tom's Cabin." >" "
• • •
Margaret Anglin. and Henrys Miller
were given a flattering reception la
N%w York recently in a massive pro
duction of "Caniille."
• . • *
Charles Frohman. has . managed to
bring Sir Charles Wyndham : and his
entire London company for a season at
the Lyric Theater, New York. -He will
open with "David Garrick," and this
will be followed by "Mrs. Gorringe's
Necklace" and a new play by Henry
Herbert Davis. . •
Ralph Stuart, now -starring with
great success in "By Right of Sword,"
w.lll produce a new play during his en
gagement In Portland, Or.. Los Angeles
and. San Francisco called "A Son of
Bohemia "
• • •
Edna Wallace ' Hopper's vaudeville
debut in Boston last week in a scenic
idyl called "The March of Time" was
attended with great.success.
Charles Richman, wtjc'is at present
in the all-star revival of. "The Two
Orphans," has been reading a play
with the Intention of starring after his
present engagement.
• :• •
W. S. Gilbert Jjs preparing to write
a. new comedy f c/r the -London Garrlck
Theater*
Wilton Lackaye will start for this
coast in the early part of next season
with "The Pit."
j The Rogers .brothers, come to the
Columbia' to-morrow, evening in "The
Rogers .Brothers: in London."" The
piece Ms. described as a "vaudeville
comedy"' and employs 110 people. In
tne ; cast will be noted the name of Lil
,lian Colema'n,". the iarge-eyed ' hourl
with the \ lovely, voice that used to
adorn the Fischer, ranks. ' The produc
tibn,' "the' girls, gowns and' fixings
are said to be gorgeous. . . ....
"- At the .Grand Opera-house Melbourne
MacDowell, begins : to-morrow evening
an 'engagement in .the Sardbu "reper
toire with ."La f Tpsca.". Mr. Mac-
Dowell ' .be supported by " Miss
Ethel Fuller and riot ' by, Constance
Crawley^as originally- announced.
This afternoon and evening will be
the * farewell .performances" of "those
popular \ folk, Kolb and Dill, ' Barney
Bernard and . the merry rest of them
prior to their, departure for Australia.
It seems rather a pity that the Al
cazar should -have- taken ;that jovial
farce,' "The' New- Clown," off the boards
so ¦' Boon."* but' Pinero's" "The Profligate,'.'
that wiir.be -done this week, Is an ex
cellent \ bill.- '¦ Mr.' James -Durkln reap
pears therein after his week's rest.
. Herschel Mayall will have a' chance
this; week' at\ the Central . with "Dr.
Jekyll r and ' Mr. ; Hyde." ¦ , Mayall - is a
clever fellow and -the -part'. a. fat one.
They piece .will- also . see\ the ' debut of
Miss Olive- G. : Skinner,;, the .Central's
new-soubrette.-.arlda new light come
dian, James. H.\. Montgomery, from the
BIJou /Theater, Brooklyn, N: Y* -
. Fischer's Theater, closes to : night" for
alterations^ It Is expected' to reopen
toward'the end' of* May with an entirely
hew." company^arid; a- return to " Its- old
burlesque^ policy; \l The .• alterations in r
elude" an Increased seating^ capacity of
200 land* improved, exit ¦accommoda-
! •, The } Tlvoliv-'contlnues -its. charming
success, '-"When' Johnny " Comes ; March-
-.••.The;.' Majestib " closes "' this .week until
its .completion.'^ : • : ' : '
good/features
ters
one to save my"life. 'Ask Richard,' he
said. "Richard! about a . nonsense
rhyme!' I exclaimed— he was writing
'The Birth of Galahad,' remember. But
I did impertinently" go over to his tent,
and cla:>. my hands — we knocked, at
the door that way. He came out and
. I told him what I wanted. I shall
' never forget how he looked. 'He never
smiled, but Just. began solemnly wjfh
out another word: -
"'There were : three wise men of
Gotham, who. went to sea In a boat' —
and so on. But imagine."
.-"You should have been hanged"—
I sentenced. I
¦"I should," she laughed.
"And now this other gentleman,"" I
said, picking up the Mansfield por
trait
"Ah, that Is my other subject,"
Miss Wycherley laughed "But do. take
some more tea."
I tdok it while she told me of her
first dramatic experiences, of her first
engagement obtained through Paul
Kester with the farewell appearances
" of Mme. Janauschek. with^ Maud
' Banks, Edmund Collier— Willie Collier's
father.
' "I snail never forget Mr." Collier,"
she said, her brown eyes alight with
gratitude. "He *vas so kind. I'd
never been near the stage before,
knew none of those things— 'right up
per,' "left, center,' and so on— that act
ors are so hard on you for not know
ing. And Janauschek had more than
the usual professional horror of a
novice. But he told me- — came after
me— to ' tell me after rehearsals riot
to mind madam, that she even 'got
after* him. One remembers those
things." •<; .
After that she was Paquita, the Cui
ban girl, In the "Dawn of Freedom,''
a wild and woolly .melodrama that she
was sure I'd never heard of: Then as
leading woman in a stock company," to
which Paul Gilmore, who had before
paid her the splendid sum of J20 a ;
week, came to compliment her. . ."I
asked him why lie had not given me
a kindly word when 1 was; doing- the
same wofK for $20 that: his other
leading lady got $75 for. He said
I T> would have asked for more salary!
But I didn't care about that. I was
Just working my soul but and' not
knowing whether I was doing well <>r
ill." . ' . . s^K - - - • '• "¦•
"But Mansfield?" |
Thus recalled Miss Wycherley con
fessed to the warmest 'admiration jind
liking ' for Richard" the' Terrible.
• -'"I would not have been without my
». . '¦:',:. .-;¦¦ •- ¦•¦¦¦•.•-: .¦¦¦:.. ;
experience in Mansfield's company, for
anything," she said. "It was his sec
ond season with 'Cyrano de Bergerac*
and he played all his repertoire . ex-"
cept • the Shakespearean. It . was
precious. He rehearses exactly •'.- as
he plays. He Is' absolutely tkeless, ab
solutely conscientious, Inspired; You.
can wa^ch the brain at work." • .,
"And you were ndt'afraid of .him?"
"At the end' of the seascn, yes;-at
the beginning, no." Then Miss Wych
eriy illuminated further: "It was the
fault of the 'company. They talk, of
Mr. • Mansfield's severity until one\ex
pects the very tables to tremble at- his
approach." • . ,:.-,-:
. "Is it all— a superstition ?"¦; -, : .
, "Naturally, no," the actress rejoined;
"A stage manager has to have _ some
method of control. If he doesn't swear
or lose his temper he must use sarcasm.
That is Mansfield's method, and he's a
genius at it. It's a painful. one. .Those
things rankle. Possibly it is because
I never happened to be the victim that
J, can admire so heartily Mr. Mans-'
field's attainments. It's different when
it is the o.ther fellow." ' ' ', l ~
"But you were frightened?" : ' ¦
"Yes, I was,"' MIbs Wycherly 'ac
knowledged, "but It was more the float
ing traditions of Mr. Mansfield's powers
than what he actually did. Here's an.
instance of what I mean.' Mansfield
had Maude Fealy once in the-com
pany. She was. new and It was -per-,
haps her second or third rehearsal With
'him. He asked' her ''to -put out her
hand freely to him in some scene.- ."She
did, but when she held It out -it .was
trembling like a leaf. Mansfield stopped
short and cried out In a great rage to
the company: 'You see that! , When
have I ever treated Miss Fealy^with
anything but the. utmost j courtesy ? /-It
is you. You. have frightened her,' _So
It " was. At first quite 'without : 'anyf
thing but the . normal timidity i of , '.the
novice, I should have made an absolute
Idiot of myself toward the end of the
season If I'd been asked to do^anythlng/
special. It was In the very atmos
phere." "• ! \ ' f i^'~'i
Yeats came up then and among 'other
things Miss Wycherly, setting herhand
militantly 'upon her hip; asked'me'if
the critics were going to ."Jump"' her.
for introducing \ Oscar Well's \ "O Mls- ;
tress Mine'.' into "The Hourglass," \ its
perlc-d being a century, or so later than
the morality. I, thought not, 1 Shakes
peare's and Mr. Weil's song being.' good
enough 'for /any. century.- " -Ay/:-'
>v "And ¦ now— we i . will • ha ve • ' another
ing Home." ' "A* Runaway Girl" will
be the next bill.
"'Our New Minister,", tlje bright play
that was so. successful some months
ago at "the California, will.be again
seen there to-night. ' The piece, since
its debut here, has made a large hit in,
New York. T
If this Aveek's bill equals last week's.
at the " Orpheutn Its -patrons- will- have
nothing to complain of. Hal Davis and
Inez Macauley in "Pals" and the fa
vorite Dumond minstrels are head
liners. . . • ' • >:V
Ted McKenna's $5000. performing dog
is the current star; of the Chutes.
muffin," she tempted.
'"NO," I said sternly; "still, If it's very
brown—" ' : " • '¦>"*•¦¦ ':
| WELL KNOWN- AND POPULAR ACTRESS AND THE: LATklPOET WHO CONTRIBUTED TO HERSUCCESS.
"Ah! you are looking at Hovey," the
actress said, laying down her crisp and
fragrant burden, "Isn't It a splendid
face?" '
"You knew him?" •
"It was among my dearest privileges."
she caid simply. "I camped for' sfx
weeks with the Hoveys, and I look
back to it as the happiest time I ever
had.!' ' . • ' £•">
"He must have been a delightful
fellow," I suggested. Intimate word of
Richard Hovey, our American Stephen
Philips, wa.s more than I had hopeii
for.
• . "He was several times 'delightful,"
Miss Wycherley put it. "My Hovey
gratitudes are of -various kinds. He
and Mrs. Hovey were almost the first,
to encourage me in my work, and
through them I met what they called
'the gang* — though a little later than
at its full glory. There were still- to
gether a good- . many people worth
knowing, though. And then again one
'was grateful to Hovey for being what
he was. She also is a remarkable .
woman — much older than he was, but
she did the fine' things—what is difficult
tfor most of us women to do. Hovey, of
course, had plenty -of chance tp make
mo'ney through, the magazines, and
. they .were sometimes. — well,, quite poor. :
But' Mrs; Hovey always 'said,- when
Hovey talked magazine money. 'No-,
Dit-k, we can manage. Do your own
work.' " • . . " •
And she managed. And this is how
Richard Hovey,' dead at 33, was en
abled' to enrich- American letters with
i'Thel Birth of Galahad" and "Lance
lot and Gilejievere."
"I phall. never fdrget- my first meet
ing with him;" Miss Wycherley recalled
with a smile. "I was just 17., badly
stage-struck, and a "friend 'took me to
' the Hoveys for me to recite for them.
.i had never recired, by the way.
¦ .Then when I got there there was this'
extraordinary black person with the
.extraordinary black; eyes and black
hair. . I was frightened to" death. He
•asked me if I knew any of the 'Songs
from Vagabondia.' I didn't. Then he be
gan to recite one for me — the one where
the corpse rattling over the stones be
•gins to talk." He read beautifully— and
it was eerie, eerie," and Miss Wycher
ley*s-wide eyes opened to their widest..
."'And then?" . . - .
"Qh, I -said something, somehow,
made a positive idiot of myself," she
¦ laughed, "and then they began to talk
me oVer just .as though I. were hot
theire- . Mrs. . 'Hovey said— she was a
. teacher- ef Delsarte,. by the way, arid
in-ter-es.ted in the stage— 'she has the
short upper lip. That means comedy;
X heyer saw it fail.' Richard sail: 'She
has theshort upper lip, but I don't be
lieye she is. comedy."*. ' Arid so on. They
.were" finally encouraging, however."
• -"Djd Hovey intend his plays for dra
matic representation?" * ' .
"Oh,. y.es," Miss Wycherley affirmed.
"He'knew the stage, wrote for it.' Hel
used to say laughingly that he wanted
•Henry Irving for. the part of Dagonet,
the fool In 'The Birth of Galahad.' But
there" is no doubt that he wrote for the
.stage. and not/for. Jh"e-cl6set. He *;as
at work en 'The "Birth of Galahad'— oh!
how $ should like to produce that — dur
• Ing .that, memorable camping party."
""Where was that?"- . •
. "Just twenty miles from New York,"
she 'supplied. "You haven't all the
camping in California! We were only
. five minutes away from the .crowded
.Rqckaway" Beach, yet were absolutely
alone.. It rained most of the time." .
"It doesn't do thit in California!"
.'•Stjll even, that was amusing,'.' and
the actress laughed her round, Eng
lish laugh. "We used to hold a sort
of after" breakfast •ceremonial that was
: the best time of the day.- All the rest
had cigarettes and -I. ate condensed
mUk for amusement. . I love it— they
all thbught that a great joke. Then
Richard would talk. He would walk
up and down talking single tax— he
"was an ardent single taxer — or social
ism, or modern poet*. . Bliss Carman
•would argue with him — dear Bliss!—
who doesn't know single tax from the
Bide of a house! And Hovey was such
•a-' good liar! He told .the most extra
•ordlnary storfes with the gravity of a
saint. Bliss was. the weakest possible
romancer. But everything under the
sun,- .1 think, was talked over."
". "Was the poet a good camper—
Hovey, 1 mean?"
"He made very good coffee— lhat's
all The had to do. And he was tre
mendously proud of it. He never- got
up until noon in town, but he would
be over the stove at 8 o'clock in the
morning making that coffee.
'"'Perhaps," she began, then taking up
his photograph with a look of sheer
reverence, "perhaps the finest thing
about Hovey was his absolute charity
andy gentleness. He had them for
everything. It would be always of the
poor of the weak friend — 'we
can't know,' 'we can't judged — the 'tout
•comprendre, e'est to-ut pardonner' at
titude exactly. ' And here is a little
characteristic thing. I was writing a
short story in camp and wanted a lit
tle nonsense rhyme. I told Hovey's
stepson about it— I couldn't think ¦ of
This week tho musical .season of 1903
1904 may be said td-jclose for us- with
the two recitals of Marcella Sembrich.
She sings on Thursday evening and
Saturday afternoon at the Alhambra
Theater . the programmes • published
herein last Sunday.
W. J. Henderson said of her— I get
it, from that useful little sheet the
Musical Review— "When I anv listen
ing, to Marcella Sembrich -singing
Brahms* Melodien* or Schubert's
'Du bist die Ruh' I . think she must
be the greatest singer that ever lived."
One thought that of Schumann-
Heink when listening to her "Frauen
hehe und Leben." and almost every
thing of" hers. One is' likely, happily,
to think the same- of Sembrich when
we get her "Du bist die Ruh," her
"Wohln," her wonderful, wonderful
"Ahfors e lul." In.- the house of "song
; are many mansions.
It Is extraordinary luck, this "of .-ours,
to have had here musicians of the cali
ber of Bauer, Schumann-Helnk' and
now Sembrich, for none i3 greater- than'
these. After Bauer It seemed "there
must be a lowering- of artistic levels,
but, no, Schumann-Heink came.' The
impossible it. appeared -theh- to .equal
the Schumann-Heink achievements,
but comes Sembrich now, greatest in
her school-. The whole "experience has
been vastly refreshing, musically en
nobling. It means a permanent lift, to
local standards. And the financial supr
port given to the concerts of these peo
ple insures us o.ther visitors of- their;
class. . . .
A small courtosy that added greatly
to the enjoyment of the Schumann-
Heink concerts, and that if .is to" be
hoped Mr. Greenbaum can see his way
to repeating for the S -'irich recitals,
is the programme givinsMhe words of
the songs in good translation.-. The
average concert- goer does not. include
the- Italian, German' and French
tongues among his equipment.' . The
usual singer invariably disports'him
self, or herself, in 'all three of .these.
And this must be so. English words
siing to the song written in German,
French or Italian are an unquestioned
abomination. . The accent is out, the
unimportant word is emphasized", the
climacteric word obscured, and the
whole genius of the language lost/. But
a good translatfon should invariably be'
furnished. The singer has a right to
the poetic and dramatic ' illusion lent
by the poem. The listener has* a- right
to anything that furthers his enjoy
ment. Of course the average ectneert
goer is under no' delusion as to the dis
tinctive characters of ta "Wohln" and
a "Der Wanderer." Yet is. the charm
ing mirth of the one; the -charming
melancholy of the other, several thnes
enhanced by a knowledge of . their
wards. Without them, indeed, how is
tfc* usual person to understand ihe full
magic of a great interpretation? of
the .singer's art, its difficulties over
come." its technical marvels — he will
forever know nothing, as, Indeed, these
do not concern him. But given the
word3 of the songs and there Is a new
bond of sympathy between artist and
listener, somewhat whereby he. -may
know—and the singer kno^y that h©
know— the depth and truth of the
singer's reading. And. after all. except
in the firework stuff, this Is the soul of
the song.' . -\ -
. Sembrich brings' with her Rudolf
Ganz". said to be as great an artist as
accompanist as she is as singer. He
wijl also contribute spme solo3 to the
programmes. Altogether, ' therefore,
the week !s to be a -festival.'
• • XV herf. Barney Bernard wanted %6
plaV.SViylc-ck it. was .only a jather. more
.thun «sthaljj ; good.- instance of .the di
vergeneev.between' an actor's lot and
h'.if.'ivkings*-. x. didn't see Barney's.-"Shy
•cv-kVhe..*u*fernpte\}* If' .at one of- those
• inatihees ,. in • which- 'actxys wear their
hearts" on-thclr/eleeveff — and its-success
is- neither here not- there. Success or
failure; Carney, was fortunate. He was
at 'east -Shy.loek. for <mfe : glorious after
neon.: \ He ia.« at least able to show
the. real -.man of h'ifn for a. few glorious
"ninmen-ts: . For- -not .that which, one
'doe's! -.-rior • that which erne- is able j to
dpi-; bjitj. that which- -one aesires' to da, •
is '.the 'pleasure of a rrian.
; No." possible, experiment' in the actor
.." wor.id would be more, interesting than
a'Wries-of jnatinees In w.hlch the player
f-oUlid'ichobse the play- Nar, I am con
tent-id, belfceve, -would, any experiment
be ifrore. kindly illuminative of the actor
mihd'v- - M* .the box office so hang for
a day/ and jart would hold high carnival.
Plays rare -and curienjs,' I am per
su'a.<ied, • would be ''brought to light.
<St£u'g;glii)g 'genius -Would come to its
-own.,* and the -classics have "complete
'Vn'd-;* Splendid- " recognition. Bernards
nV .'vv : - ¦'. playif)g Guggenheimers would
¦jilay-Fhylpck-. Wilton Lackaye would
.be{;*iVing';us..lTi".l.ars of Society"— as
he/dld .the "other day in .New York. Mrs. j
Ipipfeev -who 'probably does more things
thai' .«he / Ayishes '.to £o than eny
other ; -living " ' actress • besides Duse.
Would'- "; * produce. ' . "Bosmersholm."
And -a'^o.': '•: v onl " One ;-.¦' •remembers that
Blanche 1- Bates'- ; golden afternoon—
vheh; she :>:a's here with ."Under Two
Flags"-r-\vas griven to ".Hedda Gabler."
A sem^ceiebrtty' \like . • Ho-ward. Kyle
gave ~«s -the "modern Spanish master
piece ;i :E:V /jGran- - Gale'oto." Nance
O'Neil.-oV-.er whom- Boston has lately
gone AVild. did r one'th"'ns She wanted to
do in proiuciirg of Ostrat"
duririg .her: .last, season here. Little
Florence, il^berts'. day; -off -wi\h her.de
f ire* was Witii' D^AnnuhzJo s 'La Gio
fondar V : r .*'A.rid. the Alcazar, this week
saw .aftothpr. actress .having •' her own
«j^j^^^"K^b^V^?^^-*tt. brings me
v'i Maiearr* Wjrchefly./ ' . '..'• •;.'..
; MJs& AVycherleyVohp • was., prepared to
. like,; 'jfeir wa.^ not;. Miss. : Wyche.rley \ the
: -roma*itic '-¦•, and; ir^ractical. person who
. v. as. t.f{ , dev.oje ./-an ; af terrioon to -the
. .V;eatV:-^la.y^?; ' And' : Jjiss Wycher^y;
.-.. reefcetiy- thfe .^Ittrnat-e Everyman ' with.
.'AliVs.ilath'ison; in:ifen Griefs coniriany.,
had '/orii'y^'.J he- V sirrgb '{; opportunity m
' .\vifchAo,eh>w.h,cr."niettle,.: YMUij She.
was; •likUbi^/whatever her achievement,
and. her, ideal. *;.- would: be eood' talk. She.
¦wVuld The •'¦••••# impatica,". \ as ! Greg&retti
'. usedYto/say^earf ellowV-arid sugges-
; tlye.. . She'. Vas ¦ rijone. ."This-, sympathy
.in-art. 5s. air very welt • It Is 'delightful
to . fix-<J that; your friend ' -adores Ibsen
and hate's : Wagn<er, as dp' you. But,, as
.Stevenson" puts it,.' there '.are -more .i.m
portaxit : esseirUahs . \ t9 • friendship — he
f peak's of married_ friends. One '.ct»uld,
he. says, '.more- -easily put up with a wife,
that, a'dor.es Tupper than with an- early
riser: and - a vegetarian. . ' To- like! . the
same .v'jQ'ke'F, ihe saine meiiur-and here
we arc; Yeats Miss. Wycherjey likes,
and.so. do'l; and -she may. play- .him
well.: At .present writing- .1 'da-'not
know. : .But. the l Wyeherley. ¦' muffins—
ah: :ttiere Vis'.nb ; doubt about those!.
Tenderly, broiyned, crisped • to . a turn,
soaked - generously. In •' golden bu-tter,
ihey; were of their kind "perfect-rand I
clkirh- a -connoisseurship herein.^
':¦ J fouhd, .Miss Wycherley: djscussing'a.
plate.'; of. r them when- I. reached' her
rcipnis .-the -other "roorftlhg:'. Tea, fragrant
knd dreamy; accompanied them, "and I
succumbjed: immediately .tp' the.Wj.ch-.
.-erlej: ' : ttta,T.aisiy What . mattered -it that .
- shfe \y4s going. to pVoduce "The -Lanfl of.
'Hfffirt?* Desire", and •.'The'H.burglas.s'"; .
ith'at- i^e.-'il^lays Pleasaoi.and Uhpleas
•:ari.t;" ' : • the • -"Oscar ¦ --.Wilde "Intentiojis"
'.adtcrned; her- bookshelf;" : t hat . Klchard
:HQyey> apostoiic head and .t-he Mans
ii€id Jiichirdrs -cbuntenance- g-race.d her
writing; " desk"- in comparison 'with -.the
fact'ihaf the. actress -arid I. w,ere a.t one
on— rmufSns! . I'. »jaw' Miss .Wycherley,"
therefore,-' with the* qoiaint eyebrows
that slant* upward at their Inner ends,
the. young br"o\vn .ey^s, '.bronzed kai.r,
Kn'g-lifh;rose and cream on the jounded
cheek, * through . a halo of muffins]. I
heard her brignt tft&t.ol Hovey.-Mans-'
field. Yeats,. through. the sed.uctive In
tense of ."fioWery' Pekoe, and I'nr preju
diced .-¦ Ev.ery man. has his price. Muf-
Xins is.mrne.- . . : • •
Miss. Wythei;ley' explained ficst that
-they'" liked housekeeping, and. that's
why ."they-* were, in- an apartment
house. ' (I kriew.no menial Hands .had
touched those" muffins.^ There is a
husband, ' it- -seems, -a . rising* young
. writer for -the magazines, Bayard .Veil
ler by name. • .. .'•;¦//.'?¦; - ''J. ."/ ..-.*.'.'
I askedvthen if the lady's, name were.
"VS'ycherley,-" indeed..
"Xb f - but *it was my mother's,"' she
replied, not without pride.
-Xot _^-r * ',.' .
".Y.es,"' she nodded. . "William Wych
crJey was .one Of" my forbears — we al
waj-fc -!.aug:.h a little when "The Country
.Girr.ie played— I ghpuld- be having the
•loyalties if.ihere were any^you" know."
• ;'."Tl)fp you ' are* English' — ah! that
' u.ccount-s. foj- these muffins." .. "* .
- . . "I-" jn-a's' born witEi'n jsound of Bow
¦Bells," I Mis* Wycherley put it. "But
eae came over here when I" was quite a
VhJid, to Nova Scotia. My- name is
really De Wolfe." '^ - .' ¦::>',
• "Another'fainiliaf name in the thea
ter*." • ' . .. - I • .
"We are a Jjranr*h«bf -yie family," and
then Miss Wycherley gave me the. fam
ily tree with De Wolf Hopper. Elsie de
Wolfe, Drina de • Wolfe — Elsie's
brother's wife, and ..various other De
Wolfeg dangling from., the several
branches thereof. -"I took mother's
name, as there were already too many
De Wolfes on the stage. Now I'm going
to cot som> hot muffins."
Miss Wycherley disappeared Into
the toy kitchen adjoining the room In
which we were sitting And I had time
to take in the books and -pictures. 'Wart
rantable curiosity this, and mine la .
here insatiable. Its first reward was
the Hovey head, and I was still ad
miring the poetic strength and beauty
of the face when mine hostess returned.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. ; MAY; 1, : 1904.
De Wolf- Hopper . revived "Wang"
last week '.at the Lyric Theater In New
York, , supported by a company con
taining several members "of. the .orig
inal cast. It was very, 'well received.-
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
23Sweet" are. the .uses of adversity.
Xour pardon, -saintly, poet, if I' append—
'when they're the "adversities of other
j^ople. Butsueh is -lh'e truth, the ir
'truth. It te only, through the
«:6rToV*r,ofthe World's .toilers, that the
'rote- -.and. inaids of t£e leisure class are
6aye\l " itpm ' coagulation of the heart.
'"Vntft^-all. reasonable — and .not a few
UE-reai'ona'bJe^physical wishes gratified,
'ideate **&. Hying fuiiillcd 1 and loves and
•friendships- "rsaui ted. it is a. natural pro
i^ssVthat the-.sbul should shrink and the
£eart\hardcn, A'nd". it is only with the
tjbarsfb'f. the heavy laden that the 30ns
: im<3 'daughter? of .the leisure class may
k«i<?p. 'Jn.rouch with their fellows and
dGvelbp- spiritually, as they grow. And
fft'-K he saia in all. truth that
ihey! of the smart set In cur West
erti. vjsurg •¦ 'are ever, ready with
•rui ; se*..and j)'crson to .lif.t the burden
from.* the- weary ones. It is Inborn in
Shf-m'j. perhaps, from the : rollicking. gen
erous dajVofthe pioneers, from whom,
by 'the way. are many descended, when
the." cabin grubstake belonged to" the
weary- wayfarer who wandered by. and
rio 'questions asked ; nor recompense
looked for". . . .
: The. winter j.u.st passed has been jew
e|ec};.with'.the philanthropic work- of
maids 'and matfor.s of the smart set,
•thf Ia4est. to hold- the boards being the
clever- little coterie of girls known, as
¦•.*Th4 .Chrysanthemums." ' The- little
¦women some few- years ago. determined
•\. ¦ •• . ' • ¦ • *-
That - was ,; a delightful recention
Mrs. Lewis Pierce entertained a few
friends at luncheon last week at ' the
St.- Francis and in her stunning jet
gown she was. the cynosure 1 of many
eyes. A charming hostess she Is, to be
sure. During her, recent visit to the
East Mrs. Pierece was considered one
of the handsomest women who ever
came out of the West . :
On Monday. Miss Emily Wilson en
tertained at an informal tea. Her home
on California street was prettily graced
with blossoms and many friends called
during the afternoon. . •
This week has been conspicuously
calm, save for little ruffles on the sur
face occasioned by small card parties.
Oh, yes; bridge, of course.
By the way, . what has become of
'¦'squash"? The King girls had a
"squash" set and tried to introduce It
Into their circle. It is considered dis
tinctly provincial riot to be ' on speak
ing terms with "squash" — a "rather
provincial name, by the way.'^'."^
• • •
' That was a very pretty wedding of
Miss Hattie Currier and Walter Scott
Hale on Thursday.
The bride is an attractive girl ' and
-was assiduously courted by Mr. Hale.
The young people will spend their hon
eymoon in the East
Santa Barbara is a busy place these
•days. ; There are many handsome men
there,, with plenty of leisure and ap
parently plenty of money. And not
such, a large number of stylish girls,
either, as one would expect to see.
Now, girls, don't all pack up at. once!
Miss Newell Drown was one of the
conspicuous girls on the veranda or in
the lobby last week. ,
missed by the different sets in which
they moved. Their stay in Europe is
said to be indefinite. Such intelligent
girls, will enjoy the intellectualities of
Europe to the fullest— more, perhaps,
than can be said for some Continental
wanderers.
The O'Connor trirls will bis much
Will women ' always wear deep
mourning— that ridiculous, ostenta
tious display . of sorrow? ''Tls often
eaid— and truly— that the widow with
the heaviest veU is soonest .the bride.
•While our society ' women are uni
formly kind and generous and whole
souled, ."what can be said of the relative
vdues of '.life "entertained "by some of
them— and" chreerfully expressed?
Emerging from' church last Sunday, I
met a handsome woman in # . deep
mourning — ehe xnust have had a great
"sorrow bo deep was the crepe on her
gown — and, meeting a dear friend, the
latter exclaimed rapturously: "Oh. Jen
nie, how perfectly ravishing you look
in your mourning!" The compliment
was received by the grievee with the
most ecstatic emile of satisfaction.
«r • '• •
*<o"i establish-, a bed ¦ in ithe . Children's
Hospital; -the' Maddest but . humanest'
f p'ot. in all our city.' and to do it funds
'had to be raised. Ways and" means
were "soon discussed. ;?lans formulated
!and, lo! the bed. And since .that day
Jt "has mercifully held some wee little
sufferer. On last Saturday the annual
lete was held 'for revenue for this same
little pallet, and a search of the faces
of th'e merry maids that presided there^
at was 'a. joy, a rare Joy. Miss Rachel
Hovey,'. Miss JJabel Toy. ;Mlss Georgier
Spieker. Miss- Mabel Hogg and, oh, so
many other -pretty maidens. Yes, and.
there were pretty matrons, too. And,
tiy the way,' it has been announced
that the. garden -party given by cour
tesy' of ' Miss' Mollle Phelah -on her
beautiful lawn -netted for St. Ignatius
. Training Home something over J1Q00.
That's how . our society women do
things— with a '.-go" that is. distinctly
Western, and the ducats fol.low in
plenty. Thus are the women made bet
ter and. happier; thus . are. the men
: 'who helped' then! made softer and kind
er ..(methiriks I* hear a remonstrance
.'from some "overworked" fellow" at this)
but * reiterate; kinder, none. the less,
-¦'anil-ohV so much it- means, to sufferer,
or tQ the -needy. ' ,. .
; To-morrow, .the Sorosis • Club . will
give its . annual . breakfast .' at _• the St.
' \ You 1 ? all remember' charming Marie
Zarie/'.trie cousin of the Loughboroughs
— 'she V; who, became Mrs. Northrop
Cowles ?: It 5 said I that she grdws^ in
beauty, and"- charm -as the years go
by,' and .that her - life In • her apart
ments in New York is ideally happy.
As' the abode in which one dwells is
an index \ to - one's temperament, even
as' are- one's- clothes, those" knowing
Mrs. • Cowles'. would expect of her that
she - would f surround' • herself with
pretty furnishings. It is said that her
apartments " are exquisite in- appoint
ments."
. On ; Saturday two . affairs of Impor
tance occurred — the • Forum's break
fast in the^ club's delightful rooms on
Sutter. street, arid; the dance given by
the Lagunitas Country Club in the
clubhouse at Ross Valley.
\ The'dance.wHich 'was merry, as are
aircduntrydance8, was. under the im
mediate management* of Mrs.. Albert
J. DIbblee, Mrs.,E.'G..Schmledell and
Mrs. Seward McNear." Other members
of the club are: Mr. and Mrs. Albert
JLllley, iMr. and Mrs. .E. J. McCut
chen, ; Mr.", and \ ¦ Mrs. Henry Bothln.
Mr.*, and. Mrs. Jariies -Ccffln, .Mr. and
Mrs..H. r% F. Allen,; Mr. and Mrs. Charles
P. Eells, Mr. and;Mrs. Shepard Eells,
Jilr. 1 arid-; Mrs. - Clinton . Jones,. .Mrs.
Laura* Roe. -Mr. • and> Mrs. ! Davis, the
Misses Allen, -the :^Misses Eells, Miss
Lola Berry, Tom -Berry, Brin Berry,
Paul, Frank V and '¦ Herbert Jones • and
Wi'lttfcrforce'.iWHJiams." ;
Donaldson and Miss Eleanor Warner.
In receiving 1 were Mrs.
W. R. . Eckart, Mrs. W. R.- Eck
a'rt Jr., Mrs. R. A. Donaldson.
Mrs. Frederick Royal Sherman, Mrs.
Howard C. Holmes, Mrs. Linda Bryan,
Mrs._ Allen Checkering, Miss- Alice
Dray, Miss Alice Treanor, Miss Edith
Cutter, Miss Mabel Hogg, Miss Mabel
Toy,. Miss Edna' Wemple, Miss Geor
gle Spieker. •', Miss Edith McClatchy,
Miss Lutie Collier, Miss J*an Downey,
Miss .Edith Manning, Miss Helen
Chase arid Miss Louise Howland.
;.*',Th«" largest private - affair .of * the
week^ was- the'.Wenzelburger ;tea *on
Friday in honor. of the" new. bride,. Mrs.
Edward'; Hume , " (formerly Miss { Eck
art), arid the future N brides, Miss Mabel
i Mrs. Harry Nathariiel__Gray,7 has
been j visiting . her " sister, ' Mrs. ' Ta^
ber,' in Denver, for '.the . ; past '-.two
months ¦ arid has been ' extensively en
tertained there. Denver Is a. 'famous*
town for the people' who 'are ''In." 'But
it's ;ari awfully .frigid place Vfor* those
who are trying to break"in.".- -
Miss Ethel Cooper -entertained \ . a
number of friends on Wednesday, af
ternoon at bridge. - Among her guests
were Mrs. Samuel' , Buck^ee," . "Mrs.
Henry Foster Dutton, Mrs. -Henry
Clarence . Breedenl Mrs. ' Alexarid.er
Keyes/Mrs.' Samuel Boardm^n, Mrs.
Fred McLeod Fenwlck,, Mrs. Silas Pal
mer,' Mrs. ; Thomas Porter Bishop, Miss
Louise ', Cooper of Santa. Barbara, Miss
Charlotte Ellinwbod/- Miss " Susan' Bix
by, Miss Katherine Dillon, :' Miss \ Pa
tricia Cosgraye, Miss -'L'eo'njtine ": Blake-^
man and Miss Eleanor Davenport. V--. -
j Miss 5 Roberta Deal .was • hostess at
a delightful bowling party a few. even
ings 'ago. Supper followed the , game
and the guests departed, after haying
been charmingly Those
present were Miss Alice Treanor, Miss
Holt, Miss Gladys Deal, f F. \Yates,- P.
Gedney, Joe King,- B. Spencer, L.J.
Harkness.'H. Shelton 1 and J.'- Deal. ' *
' Mr. and Mrs., Z. S. Cather and' a
score of friends comprised a Jolly lit
tle bowling party on Friday evening.
The guests bowled with marked en
thusiasm until S supper was served at
a late hour at the club. - Those . pres
ent were Mr. and Mrs. Irving F. Mpul
ton, Mr.; and Mrs.' F. J. Cooper, Mr.
and- Mrs. George W. Smith^ Mr.'. and
Mrs. George W.. Caswell, Mr. and Mrs.
Martin ' Regensberger, Mr. and Mrs.
A: B. v - Davis, Mr. and Mrs. T. A. ; Gra
ham, Dr. and Mrs/ A. Hazlehurst," Dr.
and Mrs. Pierce! Mr. and Mrs. ' G. W.
Luce/Mr/and Mrs. J. H. Masterson.
Long will their names live in the an
nals of California, and rightly.' •
Dr. G. H. Powers and' hlsr family of
San Francisco will saend the summer
In their San Rafael cottage. The^Pow
ers family is thoroughly musical.
Those who are fortunate enough to
live In the neighborhood of the Pow
ers cottage enjoy many an informal
musicale through the open windows
on balmy summer evenings.
-Alfred Vanderbilt will begin his daily •
trips. to the races on the 1st. Nay, but
that 1 must be f fanny— to see a Vander
bilt of this generation earning bis
dollars by actual work. And Bobbx
Gerry's coach will rival Alfred's for.
patrcns. thereby keeping up the" stand- •
ard of public service by competition.
Wouldn't it be in order now for them
to form a union, and thereby exclude
vulgarian intruders? ».
Coaching has New York by the ears.
Everybody is planning coaching par-*
ties, and those who are spmebodles
in-partlcular have .their 'own coaches.
But the JoJIiest times— and therefore
the most popular for entertaining— are
are to be found on the public vehicles.
Here anybody with the price cstn buy
a seat— aye, even from a Vanderbilt
or a Gerry.
The new Italian society of Dante
Alighieri met for the first time last
week in Stelnway Hall, .when three
acts of "Tatemi la Corti." a comedy
by Salvestri, were produced, with fine
effect— as far as I know Italian.
The Italian colony was- well repre
sented, enjoying the interpretations
given by Slgnora Senspyin, Signora
Fabaldino, Signora Vanzi and Messrs.
Ghlsi, Vanzi, Moracci and Corbella.
Dante will be the theme of future
work of this new club of .Italy's Intel
lectual sons and daughters. \ '>¦<
• • •
The Sorosjs affairs afe. always very
smart— and usually interesting. ' But
unfortunately .women as a .class have
not yet learned to make toasts that
are not sermons. Some few have—
here's to them. "May their tribe 1n-»
crease!"
Francis. The affair will be Hi honor
of Mrs. L. L. puribar, who retires after
two terms in the chair in. favor of
Mrs. A. H. Vail. . •
t . ; r. ; . . ... ¦¦ ¦. ... ¦.;¦...•.¦•....-¦•
I THREE : WOMEN OF PRESTIGE IN SOCIETY, CLUBDOM AND CHARITY WORK.
,* — • '
As to Mrs. Schwab, she, is the. type
of woman- one likes to . think] o ( f as": the
symbol of American ''womanhood.
Fine looking, a distinctive dresser^ and
of splendid carriage, she is fascinating
in her frankness and. effervescent-, good
humor. She, is seldom aeen .iri;, the
hotel not surrounded by, a : bevy" of girls
bent on. hearty; fun. -And as -for. a*re?
Apropos of visitors, 'we have i Mrs.
Schwab and Mrs. Birdie FairrVander
bllt. both stopping at the St. Francis.
At last we know the. truth — Just* as
though it were any of^our'b'usiness.'
Mrs. Peter D. Martin will wander away,
from the grassy glades. of Burllngame
some time in June; when the - Krutt
schnitt house will be given up. and the
Cad wallader cottage of j Newport | sub
stituted. It' was in this, "lyy-covered
little cot" that the Martins passed their
honeymoon. '.\>i;<v\' ¦¦.'/,;•¦"..
Well, Mrs. Peter has furnished more
chatter and craning of ;necks.arid r pro
voked more emulation -than' any, /visitor
we have 'ever had. j Arid srie will; leave
San Francisco's smart r setv a ; legacy
from which it should never, part^-arid
that is her splendid! frankness,' :h'er
genuine .enjoyment of fun | arid: her pne
fearlessness in all she does, - says i and
wears'. \ '¦—'. '¦ '."•¦¦'-¦¦ ''"¦'¦'
. . • ¦ • i-- • A. ---•-. "¦ -¦•¦:T i
One of the prettiest new homes that
has recently risen out' .on. Pacific
Heights is that of Mrs. Squire. Varick
Mooney, who took possession .'a few
weeks ago. Mrs. Mooney is. a"*mem
ber of the clever Cap and Bells Club
of recent birth and other organiza
tions, and ' intends to entertain/con
siderably in her new home' in' a ¦' quiet
way. The Oap and Bells Club was last
entertained at the home of: Mrs. 'A.
C. Freeman, when a delightful after
noon was spent. .
If our artists keep at it we'll soon
have as hospitable an art -colony as
thrives so vigorously in Gotham." '.
given in the pretty precincts of Miss
Lillie V. O'Ryan's studio on • Pine
street, Under theauspices of the*Spin
ners' Club. •i'^v. •- - • ; ' : '?«"
On the walls and tables were the
handiwork— yes—^-and heartwork— of
William Keith -(who- had loaned i two
canvases); of Miss Annie,'- Frances
Briggs, Miss Alice Chittendeni '.Miss
Partington and other clever, members
of the artist colony.
Receiving were. Miss O'Ryan. Mrs.
Franklin K. Lane, Miss Annip Frances
Briggs and the Misses O'Callaghan. ¦
A pretty scene was that studio.dur
ing the hours of hospitality. Across
the hall from Miss .O'Ryan's, Mrs.
Menton's studio stood open and ¦ in
there was the tea table.
*i , Mrs.;: Jane .; Stanford ; will -, reach > here
on ; Tuesday," tMay-. 3, having; made^ a
tour . of .: Egypt - and . later * of ; Australia.
During;? her y wanderings i- she i gathered
many, valuable articles' for the", museum
at' Stanford. Y •'•):.•; V .¦ ¦"}'¦'• ' -.'. ¦' : ¦ , ;
; ,WhaO two , splendid & types j of-' women
are 1 Mrs. j Stanford 1 and ¦'. Mrs/.* Hearst!
• •¦'•• ¦ •
• The '• engagement of Miss -Alice Ruth
erf ord, ' daughter fpti our. townspeople*
|ti«(SPGe6rifl?"i r Crockers,-'ito •;, young, John
Langdbn ;Erving;"is an event of
interest vto .'those who,' : remember, the
'girl's [growing "upin our midst."' Neither
of '.the' young*^ women" is comparable ¦ to
their mother; Iri"-' beauty "or ; cleverness;
being justl ordinary^ sweet/ well-trained
daughters of a very clever, mother.
' The ' Crockers > have mingled, ' more or
less i Intimately,' with •'•; the* • Knicker
b"ocker' set and' the Fish-Oelrichs! fac
tion,''*' but r the . Astors have" assumed. 1 a
frappe'attitude': toward • them'.';' How
ever,"their .'¦ position *in ; Gotham ' society
has , long been 'a ' comfortable I one. j : At
the v -Kearney rRutherf ord .wedding^ one
of 'the finest gathering of* the 'clans : in
New. York was' seen. at the; church,
; - SbV.the next" nuptial service .is'sup
posedtd be on an equally? grand scale— i
with' the'" accompanying • check ;'ffom
'Crocker b pere of 5500,000 for. * cab V hire
and •incidentals. ; ;' V v .'. ',' -"'i
• .-¦ "•;¦;. •
So Mrs. Malcolm Henry.is not to re
main with us through the, summer. She
and \ her charming , children are going
to Europe. Paris, of course, the ulti
mate stopping-place. It is a safe guess
that the Parisians will be " much - at
tracted by \ Mrs. Henry's splendid
blonde beauty— there are so" few blondes
who': possess such; vitality and' rugged
colorlng''of the visitor. • v
The i Voorhles ' home ' on "California
street has been- the scene .of Sunday
salons ever since "the'daughter of the
house has been a^ guest there.' . .
.. Miss Marie j is still in \ Manila, having
a. Very "merry time as the guest of Gov
ernor'and Mrs. Luke Wright: • ' '%" \
• ,••-. r* f, >•
' And there "is our '¦ own Birdie Fair!
Slighter 'and .prettier she' is this time
than \ when ¦ : we* saw . her before. Her
thinning down has improved her vast
ly, and her "handsome, frocks are quite
the topic of table talk at the hotel.'. A
red foulard is one of her most fetching
frocks.- ¦;•:¦ ' . : ¦
buke. to the, snobs .we, know — and we
have a few — she Is -certainly a shining
example.-*: No '-old r friend Is too oddly
gowned or too . obscure . for. a hearty
welcome. 'It is such as she who con
stitutes the American queen.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO v CALL, ..SUNDAY, MAY; 1, 1904.
"SWEET ARE THE USES OF ADVERSITY"
24PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Ailhe'spliciUtioii of Mayor Schmitz the carmen postponed their decision relative to striking for. three days. ; It was at the request^^of the /chief executive of -the city that a committee of three was appointed at 1 130 o'clock
/this .moniing to have a conference with the company officials. Mayor Schmitz was later telephoned to to come to the Rialto building, where the conference was being held, and a short time afterward he telephoned' Presi
itent "Cornelius that he still belie ved that if the men would postpone action for three days a settlement could be reached. The vote, was delayed until 2:30 o'clock,; at which time th'e ? count was taken to settle the question. ¦ '•
CARMEN DEFER THREATENED STRIKE AT REQUEST
OF MAYOR SCHMITZ, WHO WILL ACT AS MEDIATOR
ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
IS FORMALLY THROWN
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Continued on Pace 30, Column 1.
Continued on Page 26, Column 4.
Continued on Pa«o aa. Column •»
For Details „ of ¦ Opening' Day~ See
/¦"'¦ '.-.;•¦;-. ¦•'PaSO'27.- % ¦¦¦¦'¦'- ..; // . - '
BOMBAY, April 30.^— Lord Curzon
of * Kedleston, Viceroy of >India, sailed
for • home to-day on board A the • steam
ship Arabia., He was; given ; a great
send-off. ;.The ' city -was decorated ahd
large f crowds ¦ gathered ».; on -i the- sea
front to ibld-him 'farewell.*',The-Vice
roy appeared to be in excellent health/
Lord Carzon Sails ' Homeward.
Small Craft With aCargo of Molasses
N * Is Wrecked While Rearing
Halifax. - ; -'— /
. ; HALIFAX, N.:S... April 30.— A mes
sage J received here . .states^ that : the
schooner : Orono of 'Annapolis, j bour»d
from the West Indies for Halifax with
molasses/ is .wrecked at Herring Cove
and all on board were lost.
r The. Orono, which ... was,, a small
schooner; commanded by Captain At
kinson, struck on Duncans Reef. . She
is believed \ to have carried a crew of
five men./
SCHOOXER STRIKES - REEF - /
AJST> HER CREU r -PERISHES
A' tempest was created a _ few ¦ days
ago by -an effort on the part" of the
State' Commission to switch the ex
hiblt^of San' Luis Obispo and Monterey
counties around so they would face the
end instead . of the side of the ' coast
counties' space and . extend • Fresno and
Kings . onto some, of the original coast
counties* ,8pace// This plan ' was 'made
possible', through - two * of * the counties
failing to exhibit and leaving "a large
area of '/extra . space. • R. /L.* Janney,
representing . -" San ' Luis Obispo and
BY PAUD' EDWARDS.
ST. LOUIS, April 30*— The Calif ornian
building was not opened to the public
to-day. Many visitors called, expect
ing to; see inside of the Golden State
structure, but .were met by a sign that
it would be open on May 15. The cause
of this was that* many" of the exhibits
were; not. in '.place. Some of the coun
ties iwill be ; ready with their displays
before that date, but It will be Impos
sible': to all : of [.'.them in less
than, two weeks, owing" to unexpected
complications. * . ' • "
>ST.f LOUIS, April 30.— California wUl
be the only State In the. Union whose
counties : will make Individual j exhibits
and who. send •special, representatives.
Each ; of these : representatives Is
naturally zealous for: the welfore of his
county, though * air "are forking to
gether, in 'the main for the, interests of
the whole -.'State.'" "The scramble | for
spa c% naturally brought about s,ome
disputes with the commissioners. These
disputes have -nearly, all been settled
amicably, and/ the matter of space has
been* adjusted with satisfaction to most
of '.the counties.; 'Those who have not
received exactly what they "desired
have' accepted the situation good
natcr^dly.;
¦ SLIGHT TEilPEST CREATED.
Exhibit ; of California
Is Not Yet r Ready
for Display.
"On the following day >„ the .Japanese'
endeavored .to' throw, bridges across the
eastern arm' of the .... Yalu, ;, v qpposite
Turencheng | and > Siaopoiissiekhe. To
ward> 3 o'clock * in the 'afternoon they
oc'cppled the island ; of I Somilinda .; and
spent the night of April 26 on an Island
north; of-jSandakou. !tv ', . -.'¦' .'-.",--¦
"The"; Japanese, 4 who , numbered - BOOr
were received-by^thelflre.of four, light
cavalry, * who. being j numericalyj^ infe
rior; took boats ahd crossed to the; right
bank, "whence they : keptjup a' lively . fire,
oqcupylng *a*: narrow *: path ; -ralong4< the
bank, sheltered.by a 8h«fp" asceht. .Our
light cavalrjClost ¦ Chlef/bf , X)etachmen f
Lieutenant Somenoff ;and (eighteen) men
wounded;, butithelr;se.vere s flre.ati8hort
fange> against ithe in i close
formation /must have Inflicted Cponsid
erable»losses. -'¦• ¦ . ; . * ¦' : '.'.i
,VAt>>3:30^ a;"E,- Aprili25, jby^ itheir
KAUPANGTZE, Manchuria, April SO.
There are persistent reports here that
the j first . land . battle | of j the ; war has
been fought - on the . Yalu River. §j It I is
said that 16,000 Japanese' crossed', the
river on Thursday, the 28th, and *" at
tacked 30,000 : Russians who were in
strongly fortified positions. This morn
ing It was rumored . that the Japanese
have received reinforcements .and that
the battle was BtilP in, progress. The
Japanese sharpshooters ' are said to
have kille'd many Russian officers, who
were 'made ¦ conspicuous >by their uni
forms.'
-ST. PETERSBURG; April 30.—^An of
ficial dispatch has been ¦* received- at
headquarters concerning affairs on the
Yalu up to April 28. jit follows: v
. ' "Offlcial I reports received during the
last few days : state that* on April 22 a
movement '-.was 'seen ampng the Japa
nese troops, oh the Yalu,'. small detachr
ments moving on - the left *: bank. On
April 23 larger bodies concentrated.op
posite 1 Wlju, and 'the Japanese 'pro
ceeded to cross r by small detachments.'
About two companies, with a r small
body of cavalry, crossed ; at : Slaopous
siekhe.: From the evening] of ; April 24
onward reports began to come'ln tothe
effect that the enemy was preparing to
cross at' Wiju, Turencheng and Tchao
cherillng.. 7 7/C^ '}"[£''. .': : \ ;
FIGHT OXfRIVEIVS BANKS.
ELECTRICITT; BUILajIKG AT THE - •
LOUISIANA PURCHASE" EXPO
f • SITION rlX.. ST. , LOUIS. .:
In a thoroughly democratic way the
members of the Cabinet, members of
Conkress and other civilian guests as-'
sembled -in the east-room. Tile mem
bers of the diplomatic corps gathered In
th"; red parlor.'.! Among these were
several. of the ladies of the embassies
and legations. " Two minutes' before 1
o'clock the ' diplomatic ' corps waa ush-
On a small dais, covered with. blue
and gold plush, lay the gold key
with which the President closed
the "circuit. The same dais • and
the same key have been 'used
oh - several similar historic occasions.
In 1S93 President Cleveland used the
key in starting the . machinery of the
Chicago Fair, and in 1S9S it was used to
start the American Electrical Institute.
The key and dais have been in. the pos
session of General Greely, president
general . of the Sons of the American
Revolution.
Third Battery of United States Artil
lery, stationed on the -ground* of, the
Washington > monument, south of- the
White House,. fire.d a national salute
of twahty-one guns. Congratulatory
messages, then were exchanged between
the President and David" R. Francis,
president of -the .Louisiana Purchase
Exposition Company. ¦
i The historic ceremony wab witnessed
by a notable assemblage. Among the
guests of the President "¦ in the east
room were the members of- the .Cab
inet, except Secretary Taft, who was
in St. Louis as the personal representa
tive of the President; Che Chief Jus
tice and the Associate Justices of the
Supreme Court of the United States;
Senator Frye, Speaker Cannon, Em
bassadors. Ministers and other repre
sentatives of foreign governments at
.this capital; the Missouri delegation
In the Senate and House of Repre
sentatives and prominent people in the
various walks of life.
"The -Marine Band was stationed In
the vestibule of the White House and
rendered a suitable programme imme
diately preceding and suDsequent to
the ceremony In the east room.
The telegraphic facilities were in
stalled under the supervision of Major
Benjamin F. Montgomery of the United
States Signal Corps, Chief of the Tele
graph and Cipher Bureau at the White
House. ."• .
The handsome mahogany table which
supported the telegraph instruments
was located in the south end of the
east room. . •
! ' "WASHINGTON, "April SO.— President
Roosevelt to-day pressed the gold key
which, completed the electrical current
and released the gigantic power of the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition at St.
Louis, putting in motion the 40,000
horsepower machinery and the 'fairy
like cascade's on i. . the exposition
grounds. The, ceremony occurred ire
the east room of the White House. Aa
the President pressed the.- key the
-' ST. ' LOUIS, April . CO.—The : following
message was sent by President-Francis
of the Exposition* to. President Roose
velt:-. "¦-''*';'.;-".•.-'"'¦;¦ -'.'¦ .•' ;:
- "To .the President of .the United
States: r. In .'response to' the signal
flashed by- the; President 'Of the United
States the Louisiana Purchase ExposI-*
tion has be.en'opened."; The^ sky is cloud
less. ThS "^people assembled i fill the
great : plaza; , ' The % grounds and * build
ings are complete, y The'exhibits are in
order.'.' -Nothing * ha"s ; ;9ccurred to mar
this most' auspicious occasion. In be
half ! of- .the ; exposition' 'I j wish ¦ to * ex
press to the chief executiy? of the na :
tlon k ouir.; most .sincere .thanks for' the
honor done in* formally opening .the ex
position. ; ; DAVID'R. FRANCIS,
''President of the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition." '1 ;.'.;:•; '}¦'_ -
: The ', following h reply was received
from* President ; Roosevelt : .
¦ ''Ho'nJ David R. ! Francis, St. Louis: I
congratulate" : 'you';r and* youri associates
oh; this memorable « occasion! ; I wish
well to -alii for ? the- success of the great
enterpriseVjand on, behalf of the Amer
ican' people " 1\ greet ; the; representatives
of 'foreign I- countries ., who ,' have como
here , to. coVoperatoJ with^ us 'in f celebra t-^
inpT in Can appropriate fashion 3 the one
hundredth i anniversary V : of the event'
which ; turned ~ us into a continental
natlonA r : > .' j , V . ¦;- . • ¦;',' .
~ " "THEODORE -ROOSEVELT.!:-
Thls'offlclally opened the exposition,
but it was' determined; to conclude ths
programme ¦ and .the signal - for the
actual opening, for the unfurling of
the* flags,^.the^ringl^g of bells " and the
operation of thej great cascaderwas not
given' by. Director of Works Taylor un
til 1:04. , It was several .minutes later
than that when -President -Francia .of
the exposition formally. announced that
the fair "was or>en to the ..world.-
exposition" guards.^ 1 " --*-—-•— — .
It had been \ arranged that President
Roosevelt should press -the button "ex
actly at, 12; o'clock, -but % v,'hnn.; jthat
hour arrived several aduresses had* hot
been completed."' -At .12:15 '".SL Louis
time, in order that his tim<: m!?rht n,ot
be encroache«3 upon, Vtha N signal was
given t6 Pj evident Rbo3n'elt that sill
things were ; ready.' ' In a -few seconds
came the '» arswerlng touch .over the
wire from' thC'Whlte Hods?. " '
The weather'' was without a flaw. The
handling ![the' crowd, *the" guarding
of enclosures 'sacred , to .the, participants
in the exercises, . and.the ;work
generally, qbuld " not ; have been :, better.
The work .hands j of .officers
of the regular 1 army,. who directedjthe
- ST.- LOUIS,*: April: 30.— The; Louisiana
Purchase v Exposition \ - was* formally^
opened thig- afternoon.^- The inaugural'
exercises .were - simple ana were . car
ried through i without delay and with
out a halt, of any; description.'; '¦ -^ ¦¦ ¦
Roosevelt Presses Key
•and the : Machinery
Is Started. :
'• '¦" '" • " '•'* "'»-*J'V " "^^(',1 V""'*-.' Jt'*' *"'L* i **l '•"'
'Nature rMarkhtKa"-
Inaugural/ '
vices frorn^ the • front say ¦ ;tHe ¦ -JfipT
anese "forces'; began an. attack Ton
the Russian^ on ; the XYalii^ River
tihued .^.We'driesiiay,' ; THursday,
and Saturdky; r; A-decisiye
struggle is ¦expected to-day (Suri
day). : fS^^^'^SvS
¦ Thursday the Japanese effected
a crossing of the Yaluand secured
a lodgment; on the^right (bank of
the riven The 'fighting on Satur
day;, was at | long ; range and this
was a duel with heavy guns across
the river. \ Fighting" was .resumed
at daylight to-day (Sunday).. , ¦
The Russian I force 'is estimated
at> 30,000 men.- The Japanese loss'
is . reported to have been '¦ small
thiis'far. % ''**"- ~ ~- \'\ _ .'¦
LONDON; May J;--The
Observer says itlunder
stands t h at t he J apan ese
Legation^, here . has % re
ce i ved a ;;• Ion g :6 is patch
confirming 'the reports
pf fightii^on;^
but;thu3 contents iv.o'f the
dispatch lare $not now
ayai labile. IV ;
'¦':¦ >'".»' : -'dt'. ¦truce' has been declared between
V tlie,' '."Carmen's. ..Union and the United
¦.IJallrbads-for a period or three days.
riii^t; action, was finally taken at 2:30
u o*cl«ik . this •¦ morning, as -set forth In
; ..rine; ".foregoing ¦ resolution. Mayor
:/^<-hrhllz. strongly urged the postpone-
Cv^C^tr'trnt'liahop and Cornelius fought
, : hard 'to defeat the measure.
-,:*Tii&y* in succession pleaded tor the
:. '¦• tiijen to ignore the resolution, claiming
" : j/hat .Slay'or Schmitz had acted unfairly
' aWd. liia.t m ih$ same action taken this
:jiorn fog could have been arranged two
• \yrefcfi i ; ,a£.ci...' ' . '... •¦ • • .
Oy : er.;2000;Ca.rnSen attended the meet
iiig and as" the gathering broke up the
i3i£mDers.£.f the union left the hall
cliecrinjg'.. . -.¦:¦-.
At 12: GO o'clock this morning Record
ing .Secretary' Frank Shaellenberger
... stepped tp. the front of the stage arid
lead ill the. correspondence that has
. .pacced between . the company and the
.union tiering the discussion of the Is
sued. "Every letter was listened to vrith
jriarked attention. As he finished read
ing ..'.Mayor. Schmitz entered and was
.escorted to.the platform. The chief ex
,^e.cutjve. of Ihe' city was given an ova
'•tfnf^mm ht bowed to the gathered car
mea. Slayor. Schmltz ad\-ised the union
-tpvetahd.' by their demand for arbitra
tipn.a*hd.was cheered to the echo. Pres
-l<lenj Mahon. of the national- organiza
¦tiqn yellowed 'Mayor Schmitz and ad
yfsed- the men to stand firm. Applause
srefete^.his" sentiments,, which were in
dorsed by' President Cornelius of tht
: lo6al--uhionin a- short speech. '
:. At:' the; conclusion of Cornelius*, re
niai-ks.'Malion again took the platform
• ja£d-,.delivered an impassioned address
¦•;! "f>t vflve minutes. Cornelius again fol
ipwed^hlm' and his speech was. greeted
cries of "Good," "That's good."
i". Carmen that arrived shortly after 1
..g'c-jjck-. reported, that wagons loaded
,.-witli. 'provisions were being sent to all
.^he : 'United Railroads* barns through
, out. "the ¦ city,' , Some of the men even.
/¦claimed, that -cases containing rifles
• Vere! amonjr • the supplies.
?;,_ James Bo.wlirig.flnanclal secretary and
..treasurer, talked for N flve minutes and
";.k>ejjt the carmen in a good humor while
" wiltihjp. for the hour of 2 o'clock to
¦fpli-eroand, at which time the vote
.'•was -to be taken.' Other speakers fol
'.Jowedi and by .1:45. o'clock it was a cer
tainty that the strike would be de
clared.-' ' -.¦.¦ •.":";
• Mayor Schmitz secured the floor
again, and proposed that the strike be
• .postponed for thres days, as he be
..ileved an .agreement could be reached
'betw'ea. the union and the company.
Acting pa .his advice a committee of
three was appointed to wait on the
United Railroads, with instructions to
report bafck by 2 o'clock, as the vote
Aould be positively taken at that hour.
Cornelius and Mahon pleaded with the
men again to stand by their demands,
and v.ere cheered again and again.
Six committees which had been sta
tioned at the various barns reported
that men were being taken inside and
would start the cars going this morn
ir.p. . '¦ . ¦ BmSI
MEETING IiARGEXY ATTENDED.
• Every member of the executive com
mittee except those who could hot get
away from' their duties on the cars at
tended a -meeting last night at union
.headquarters. International President
Mahon. took aa. active part in the con
ference and explained in detail the re
sult of the many conferences held-be
tween the representatives of the union
and. the officials of the United Rail
roads: .
• At the end of the explanation a reso
lution was offered by. one of the mem
bers that in the Judgment of the ex
ecutive committee the carmen could
r.ot; In justice to their organization
and the principles of unionism, submit
Jo the terms offered by the company.
The. resolution was carried unani
mously and after the vote a round of
applause followed.
After this decision a committee was
appointed to draw up a statement to
the public, outlining the views of the
carmen in case a strike should be
Mikado's Troops Are Pouring ; Across
the in ¦ the Face iof
• a Heary Fire.
SlaysConline Tbeir XBHort^
to 'Harassing Ene
my's Advance.
Japanese^
Russian Posi
tion.
Second — As to the discipline
and discharge of our employes,
we declined a year ago to arbi
trate, because where the respon
sibility rests there the power
must lie.
: Our recent offer falls if not
accepted to-day.
Our regret is genuine. that we
have failed to come to an agree
ment and we express the hope
that the members of your union
will still accept: the liberal of
fer we have made.
The Board of Directors of the
UNITED RAIIiROADS OF SAX
FRAJJCISCO,
By Its Executive Committee.
Attest: TW B. Wiilcutt, Secre
tary.
April 30, 1904.
First*— Tbe rate of wages, and
.Second— The retention In our
employ of none but members of
your union and' the. submission
to arbitration of the - discipline
and discharge of our . employes.
In reply we say that we re
spectfully decline. "X
Our reasons have already been
stated at length. • In part they
briefly are:
First^-As to wages, the pres
ent high scale was fixed by ar
bitration on November 2 last,
after nearly eight months of
controversy.
Dear Sir: Your letter of the
29th inst. is received. It con
tains the offer called for by your
by-laws to submit to arbitration
sections 2, 6 and 8 of an agree
ment lately submitted by your
local union. These sections cov
ered: ¦-¦¦¦.¦-¦'->; -i ¦ .. ¦
WD. MAHOX, Esq., In
ternational President
¦ A. A. of S. E. R. E.
of A.
MAHON'S OFFER
OF ARBITRATION
NOT ACCEPTED
agreed upon by the men. - President
Mahon also prepared j a statement of
his position and wishes, which was to
be given out in case -the men decided
to strike.
The next question before the execu
tive committee was whether or not
the vote of the union would compel
its members who work on the inde
pendent car lines in the city to quit
their employment in conjunction with
the employes of the United Railroads.
It was finally decided that these men
should be allowed to continue their
runs on the independent lines until
they could be given an opportunity to
meet and take separate action on any
demands they may make.
3IAHOX HOLDS CONFERENCE.
It was after 11 o'clock before the de
liberations of " the executive committee
were ended. Before that time Interna
tional President Mahon had withdrawn,
and after making a statement to the
representatives of the press went to
the Emma Spreckels building, where
he went into conference with other
prominent representatives of • local la
bor unions. Shortly before midnight be
went to the Alhamb'ra Theater and en
tered the meeting of the carmen.
The meeting was secret, according: to
the rules of the "union. From the out
side it appeared that all the scats on
the lower floor were occupied. Some
time before midnight, and before any
proceeding had been commenced, fully
800 men were in the body of the thea
ter. When Mahon entered he -.was re
ceived with a burst of applause. He
stopped to chat with several members
and waited until the meeting had been
called to order before he advanced to
the stage.
He was the first speaker. and he ad
vanced to the front without the for
mality of a useless Introduction. to the
men. He spoke for upwards of half an
hour, urging the justness of their cause
and the failure of the United Railroads
to accord them consideration. He
dwelt at'some length on the actual
value of the street car lines of the city
and the Income It received on what he
said was an inflated value, which had
been created by its employes' and
In which they should be allowed to
share.
Above all, he cautioned the men that
they were making a fight fpr, the
principle of unionism, in the preserva-;
tlon of which not only the street car
men's organization, but evtry form of
organized labor of Ban' Francisco and
the United States was involved. • . ;-
Following Mahon came Richard Cor
nelius, . president of the local union,*
Secretary Bowling and other merrfbers
of the executive committee. A general
discussion followed, , lasting until ~ : 2
o'clock, when the final vote was taken.
, REPLY IS RECEIVED.
The reply of the company! was deliv
ered at the headquarters of the-Car
men's Union at*ll:10 a. m. Previously
a telephone message had been received
from the headquarters - of the United
Railroads that the letter on i Its
way, 1 In .the hands . of *._ a messenger.
President Cornelius "and Secretary
Bowling received T the communication'
and a few minutes later* International |
• Where**, the Mayor of San Ffaa
cisco, Koa. Eugene E. Scbmitz, has
appeared, before Division 205, Axnalga
oiaxed Association of Street Railroad
Drnploj-ea of America, and requested
us in the name, of the peonle of San
Francisco to postpone final action In
the matter of calling a strike against
iSaio United Railroads for three days,
until lie, In the name of tlie people of
the <dty^ 1ms had an opportunity to
intercede with tli c company and use
his best efforts in a settlement of tm
pendlns troubles,; .
And, whereas, this division has not
sought an v trouble In Its relations
with the United Railroads and desires
¦ ; ito* concede every Interest not compote
ihle" wlili the vital principles of its or
ganization in order to avoid a strike.
: ';:;.'^eabAJ^d* : ''That' Division 205 does
hereby", agree to postpone final action'
asjr^uestcd by the Mayor In the
iiame jof .the' people of San Francisco,
witfe ilie understanding that the Mayor
.oT^tlieVcity in behalf of the people
: ivilj use :; his best efforts t<5 secure an
a mica Wo and honorable adjustment
,«f jiheVcontroTersy between' the divi
sion: and tlie United Railroads.
"It is my candid opinion that the ac
tion of the United Railroads is a pre
concocted scheme to bring on a fight
and if possible wipe Out unionism in
San Francisco. The matter will not
stop with the carmen, but will be car
ried against every form of unionism.
If the carmen accept the terms of the
company in this instance it will be
the entering wedge of the disruption
of unionism in San Francisco. If the
carmen decide to strike the company
will endeavor to break the union any
way and the fight will be bitter.
"There is more involved in this ques
tion than the general public realizes
and all unions should rally to the sup
port of the carmen, for the ' result
means the vitality of every union in
the city.". ¦.:.- ,
"In the event of. a strike being de
clared the men/ will out;, their
runs to-night, including the "owl cars',"
which turn off at 5 o'clock In.themorn
ing. This action was taken by the ex
ecutive committee In order not to cause
the public any immediate Inconven
ience, v ¦¦¦ \ :.
Mahon does not consider his pres
ence here would "be of any value to
the local union and as matters of im
portance require his attention in other
sections of the country, he will lose no
time in getting back to Detroit. Speak
ing of the matter last night,. prior to
the taking of the vote, he said:
"To-night winds up my' work here,
and, as other matters require my at
tention, I will leave the State about
Wednesday, stopping at Sari Jose and
Sacramento. I do not expect to're
turn, as I see no occasion for doing so.
The locals are in good shape and have
their plans mapped out My presence
here would be of no benefit,, hence I
will leave for the national headquar
ters. • :
Still on the streets rumor after rumor
spread of a constantly increasing ele
ment in the union ranks which was op
posed to an actual strike at this time
and it was said they had voted to re
ject the company's terms fjnly because
they had hoped to force the United
Railroads -to accept the '.union's posi
tion. Als6 current 'was the rumor that
r,t the last ditch the prominent labor
leaders in other lines of industries had
informed President Cornelius that in
their opfnion a strike was inadvisable
at the present time/ Cornelius denied
that he had ever received, such ¦ advice
and none of thelabor men inter vi wed
would corroborative rumor. -V;
§ MAHON GOING AWAY.
M. D.MahojT,' president of -.the
Amalgamated -Association/' of Street
and Electric Rail way /Employes, who
has been in the city for some time in
connection with" the 'troubles between
the United Railroads and the -Car
men's Union, will leave the city on
Monday, as he considers his work Jiere
is finished, for the present at least
He will visit San Jose Monday or pos-.
sibly Tuesday and the following day
will go to Sacramento and later to
the national headquarters in Detroit,
Mich".
No accurate forecast of the result of
the early , morning vote could be ar
rived at during the day -and evening.
Almost invariably? the operators on the
ears and the employes who gathered
during the day. and evening at union
headquarters believed that a strike
was inevitable. This -view was further
strengthened by the opinion of the offi
cials of the union and the practical
unanimity of the vote of the men to re
ject the company's terms.
NO LINE ON RESULT.
Mahon was an early riser yesterday.
He spent the greater part" of the morn
ing 1 as a passenger on the various' lines
of the United Railroads. He spoke to
all the operators on the cars upon
which he rode," advising them that it
was Improbable the - company would
agree to thV arbitration offer of the
union. He told them that in no case
should tliey become excited or lose
their heads over the situation. When
they had finished their various runs, he
advised they should go home, and,
above all other things, not to do a sin
gle act or speak a word that would
lead the public or any portion of it to
think that the carmen had precipitated
the trouble. ¦ .
President Mahon arrived at headquar
ters and the three officials of the union
went into conference*. '- •
CONTINUOUS
FIGHTING ON
YALU RIVER
Final Action Is Taken at 2:30 A. M. Against
the Advice of Both Mahon and Cornelius.
Alcazar — "Th» TXvn down."
Matinee to-day.
California — "Tom'i Weddlaf
Girt."
.Central — "Tha Still Alarm."
Matin** to-day.
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Coluattjjla — "Btuxntagr for Office."
rischer's — "Chaw-Chow." Mati
nee to-day.
Grand— "Wnlrl-I-Oigr." Matlnse
: to-day. /
Orphettm— Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "When Johnny Conies
Marching 1 Some."
TXXX T2EEATXR3.
: XCV— XQ. 153.
- .- rcsecast mad* at Saa Pran
cUco .for tiiirty hours, ea&ing
" jkldaiglit, VUj i; 1904: ~'J'
San Sxaaclsco and vicinity—
Cloafly Snaoay, probaMy show-.
•jet*; fresh southerly wiiidju^/;)/;
• A. O. UcASZB,
;. •:. District r<sreca«ter. .
TttC WEATH5B-
FIFTY-TWO PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, vSUNDAY^ i; v Hi90i§PAGES;V25."fO-":38:
The San Francisco Call.ODESSA, April 30. — A courtmartlal
has sentenced Colonel Audrelanef to
the loss of his rank and civil rights,
and to be imprisoned for two and a
half years, for recruiting frauds.
Thieving Officer Sentenced.
RUSSIANS FLEE TO MOTOTAIXS.
Leave Mnny Wounded at the Mouth
of the Yaln. River.
TOKIO, April 30.— Admiral Hosoya,
commanding the third squadron, re
ports that on the morning of April 29
gunboats fired on the enemy- at the
mouth of the Yalu River, but the Rus
sians did not reply.
- Later a flotilla of small ships armed
with cannon opened fire on 150 of the
enemy at Sandoroto, and the latter re
treated to the mountains, leaving many
wounded. The Japanese had no' casual
ties.
ONLY OUTPOST AFFAIRS.
Russians Say No Decisive Engage
ment Has Been Fought.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 30.— The
reported big Japanese victory on the
Yalu Is pronounced here to be impos
sible, unless the Japanese chose to in
terpret . their practically unimpeded
passage of the river as a great victory.
As the Russians have little more than
observation outposts, with a few guns,
to harass the crossing or the Japan
ese, anything beyond skirmishing is
declared by a member of the general
staff to have been out of the question.
Liaoyang is connected by wire with
the headquarters, of the general com
manding'the outposts and, It is pre
sumed that the commander would re
port Immediately any incident of im
portance. '
[ All news from the front indicates
that the armies of General Kuroki and
General Oku, comprising about 100,000
men, are being rapidly pushed forward
and will be thrown across the Yalu as
speedily, as possible. Japanese trans
ports . have ; appeared at . the j mouth of
the river and supported by a few war
! ships will assist In the operations. The
| Japanese seenr to be following
the tactics pursued by them during the
i Chino-Japanes^ war, havingf already
occupied. Kulienchang, above Antunsr.
where they crossed in 1895.
The beginning of serious land fight
ing is considered to be not far distant,
although a heavy movement of troops
may not begin for several days, not-'
withstanding \ the Japanese are cross
ing at several places above Wiju." It is
believedthat the Japanese anticipated
more resistance oh the Yaiu thaij they
met with, and! for this reason their
armies; were not in a position to cross
at; the moment the" advance; "guard
forced a passage. With the advanced
body soneguns were hurried over and
the Japanese outposts were entrenched.
• ¦ Desultory picket firing is ; occurring
constantly," but; no importance* Is ?! at
tached to; it. While the Russian plans*
never, contemplated strong 'resistance
<';ktMMSWICK. Mo^ April 30^-Eight
EligiiijG^r's Failure to Follow
: : \Orders Result? in a Rail
• • tatastrbpiie -in llissouri
Thirteen Members of the Crew of the
Zazpirak Bay Perish
at Sea.
SPANISH STEAMSHIP
SUNK IX COLLISION*
FALMOUTH, Eng., April 30.^ — The
Spanish steamship Zazpirak Bay was
sunk off the Scilly Islands yesterday
evening in a collision wjth the British
steamer Cresyl. bound from Cardiff for
Buenos Ayres. Thirteen members of
the crew of the Zazpirak • Bay were
drowned. . The Cresyl landed* ten
others at this port.
EIGHT KILLED
IN A WRECK
Californians In Washington.
WASHINGTON. April 30*.— The fol
lowing Calif orniana arrived here to
day: At the St.' James, C. B. Newton
and C Hefflan; at the Bigelow.. Inez
Cams! and Arthur Street of San '
Francisco
persons were killed and sixteen injured
to-day by -the wrecking of train No. 18
on the Iron Mountain Railroad at
Wickes siding, a mile and a half north
of here. The dead:
JAMES BAILEY, engineer.
A. L. GUMPERT, fireman.
A. E. TABER. master mechanic
EXPRESS MESSENGER DE GROAT.
J. N. NEALY.
EDWARD BISIBARD. Desoto. Mo.
Two unidentified passengers.
Th*> injured— J. C. Austin, conductor.
j St. Lcuis; Joseph Delhaff. St. Joseph.
Mo.; John Casey, Rev. W. F. North.
Harry Hamel. A. J. Dick, William
Lea vitt,. Chicago; A. P. Vick, Indian
apolis; Fred Roes. Ulrich Ross. Desoto.
Mo.: J. J. Howland. Little Rock, Ark.;
Pen wick Deeruth*. Junevllle, La.; W
; J. Lynch. Peoria. I1L: M D. Owen
! Louisville: F. L. Merrill. St. Louis.
There was a breakdown last night of
[a freight train on the main line be
tween two switches of Wickes Sid
ing. Orders were issued for all north
bound and southbounnd trains to take
I the Eiding. as the main line was
j blocked.
J. C. Austin, the conductor of the
wrecked train, declares that he read
the order to Engineer Bailey and
handed a copy to him at Desoto a
few miles south of here. The train i
however, passed Kimmswick on Its'
way north at a high rate of speed and ¦
either the engineer forgot the order I
or made a miscalculation as to his lo i
cation, for the train struck the switch '
at Wickes at a speed of nearly forty- i
five miles an hour. v JT- V j
engine turned a somersault and '
Engineer Bailey was burled beneath I
tons of iron.- A. E. Taber. master me
chanic of the Iron Mountain system
who was riding in the cab, was in
stantly killed. Fireman Gumpert jump
ed t > but was seriously injured ;
The baggage car was flipped from |
the rail* and landed in a ditch nearly >
a hundred feet from the scene of the !
wreck. . ' ,
After the baggage car left the rails!
the smoking car and coach Immediately I
in the rear toppled to one side and
were badly damaged. Four passengers
in the smoking car were killed and
many of those in the coach were badly
injured. One of the four sleepers was
overturned, but the other three kept
the rails and th e occupants escaped
without injury. 1
Ice Breaking on Lake Baikal.
BERLIN. April 30.— A correspondent
of the Lokal Anzeiger telegraphs from
TJaJin, Siberia,* that the transporta
tion across Lake Baikal is interrupted
by the breaking up.,of the ice four day£
ago.
LOSSES OX KIXSHIU 3IARU.
Japanese Legation Receives Official
Retails of the Disaster.
WASHINGTON, April 30.— The Japa
nese legation to-day received the fol
lowing official report from Tokio on the
sinking of the transport Kinshiu Maru:
"As Ninth Company. Eighty-seventh
Infantry Regiment (peace strength 150),
were returning to Gensan on transport
Kinshiu Maru. registered tonnage 2389,
after reconnoltering Yikon and the
neighborhood of Hangyongdo, they
were stopped at 11:10 p. m. April 25 off
Singpho by three Russian cruisers and
torpedo-boats. The Rossiay then ap
proached her.
"Her ship's captain, accompanied by
the superintending, naval officer and
two other officers, went aboard the
Rossiay, where they were detained. The
enemy gave an hour's respite for sur
render, but the soldiers, in strict disci
pline, obeying the officers' orders, re
fused. . ,".V '-:'-
"At 1:30 p. m. the enemy discharged
a torpedo, whereupon our soldiers,
forming themselves into line on deck,
exchanged fire! with the enemy, during
which many of our officers and men
perished. At about 2 a. m. another
torpedo was discharged, and. hitting
the engine room, split the transport in
two. Some coolies and merchants had
previously taken to boats and were
subsequently joined by some soldiers
after the explosion. The boats were
then rowed westward and after inde
scribable sufferings the seamen reached.
Sinpho on the 27th, i
"There were 45 petty officers and
privates, six coolies and three mer
chants. Most of the crew. and coolies
appear to have been taken by the
enemy. All of the military except the
above-mentioned survivors are believed
RUSSIANS WELL. FORTIFIED.
Thirty Thousand Troops In Strom:
Position Xear Antuns. ,
SHANHAIKWAN, April* 30.— The re
ports of a big battle on the Talu River
have been given considerable substan
tiation by information brought in by
four 'Danish missionaries, who have
Just arrived at Newchwang. When
these missionaries left Antung ten days
ago the Russians in that vicinity num
bered 30,000 men and occupied strongly
fortified positions between Antung and
the Al River, which empties into the
•Talu about twenty miles northeast, of
Antung. v There were also small Rus
sian forces at Hsuyen and Fenwangr
chensr, where bases had \ been estab
lished. These two places are, respect
ively, about sixty-five and forty-five
miles to the northwest of Antung. The
Russians along the railroad line, ac
cording to the missionaries, were burn
ing beancakes. endeavoring, with some
success, to prevent the export of this
Military Attaches Start for Front.
TOKIO, April 30.— Fourteen foreign
military attaches who have been as
signed to the first army left Tokio to
day by rail for the port of Shimonoseki.
They will sail on May 3 for an un
known destination. Members of the
general staff, the Ministers and a large
crowd of residents bade them farewell
at the railroad station.
Chlntiencheng has been described as
a walled town. ""-It is situated , about
ten miles north of Antung, on the.
river, and recent dispatches from the
Far East eaid the, Russians had erect
ed strong fortifications there.
. It has been reported that Russia has
50,000 men on the Yalu, and 20,000 men,
according to recent dispatches, were
concentrated at- Antung. The first Rus
sian line of defense ran: from Chlntien
cheng. on the north- through Antung
to Tatungkau. twenty-ttve miles to the
southwest. ¦"."¦:.""'. i.r;
the end of this month
It has been reported, that the troops
on this line did no; comprise the, main
Russian force. The second line pf. de
fense was described recently as run
ning from Mukden to Liaoyancr. some
120 miles inland from the Yalu, and a
dispatch from St. Petersburg, Mated
April 15, said General Kuropatkin
would have 120,000 men on this line by
More Troop* for Knropa tkin.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 30.— An
Imperial decree has been Issued order
ing the formation of the third Siberian
corps. .
WATCHING VLADIVOSTOK.
Japanese Squadron Will Prevent Fu
ture Raids by 'Russian Ships.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 1. 4:33 a.
m.— A dispatch received here from
Viceroy Alexteff eays:
"The continued presence of the Jap
anese squadron off Vladivostok has
convinced the authorities that Vice
Admiral Togo has taken to heart the
sharp lesson taught him through his
failure to consider the" possibilities of
mischief [ by the formidable Russian
division at that port and is now seek
ing means to stop further raiding oper
ations In the sea of Japan. It is evi
dent that as goon as the Japanese were
informed of the operations of Russian
ships In Korean waters the Govern
ment instructed Vice Admiral Togd to
detach a strong souadron and send it
to Vladivostok to cut oft the Russian
ships and confine them to the harbor
so that they could do no further dam
age. The former purpose failed, owing
to the celerity of Rear Admiral Yes
zan's movements." , " .
There is no expectation that Teszan
will risk an encounter with a superior
force by putting to sea even on a raid
ins expedition. e'J \V;
Amoy is a seaport town of China, on
ap Island of the same name, in the
province of Fukien. It Is nearly oppo
site the center of the island of For
mosa, which was ceded to Japan by
China in -1895. The port ot Amoy has
a' population of about- 300,000 and the
island 100,000 more. The distance from
Amoy to the coast of Formosa is about
150 miles. , . <
Neutrality Regulations.
COPENHAGEN. April SO.— A , royal
decree,- dated April 27. was published
to-day. It declares that since Denmark
will observe strict neutrality during the
Russian-Japanese war, orders havo
been given for the purpose of ' en
forcing this neutrality in the event of
warlike operations extending to the
neighborhood of Denmark. The, Inner
navigable waters south of the Island
of Zeeland, bounded by the meridians
of the island of Omo and the town of
Stege, shall be closed by fixed marine
mlnfrs, and access thereto- :and to the
roads and harbor of Copenhagen, shall
be prohibited to the warship?, of the
belligerents. Otherwise • the warships
of the belligerents shall be free to put
into Danish ports, subject' to Interna
tional neutrality regulations.
HAS NEWS OF BATTLE.
Washington Advices State That Jap-
anese Were Victorious.
"NWASHINGTON, April 30.— Reports
have reached the State Department,
the source* of which the officials do not
care to, divulge, to the effect that a
great battle has- been fought on the
Yalu River, resulting in a complete
Japanese victory. - Details are- unob
tainable, t
The- Japanse leg-atfon here has no
news confirming these reports, but
they have aroused intense Interest in
official circles. Reports which have
from time to time reached the Wash
ington Government from Its agents in
the field said that the two armies
would not come into touch before May 5
1, and that what had hertofore oc
curred were nothing more" than mere
outpost skirmishing and collisions be
tween scouting parties. It Is believed
now, however, that the weather-condi
tions in Manchuria have improved suf
ficiently to facilitate the movements of
troops and artillery, and that the two
vanguards have come together a few
day's in advance cf the expected date.
The State Department's advices
place the scene of the Japanese cross
ing of the Yalu at Chlntiencheng, a
town on the Manchurian side of- the
river, which, it is reported, was
finally captured by the Japanese. The
date of the battle is stated to have
been last Tuesday and the delay in re
ceiving the news Is ascribed * to | the
absence of telegraphic facilities in this
remote Quarter of Manchuria. .•
RUSSIA'S SAGGING OF CHINA.
Continuing Attempts to Force a Quar
rel Upon the 'Yellow Race. .;.-.;
PEKING, April SO.— The Russian
censorship over telegrams has been ex
tended to the station at Halnmintun,
which is in Manchuria and about thirty
miles west of Mukden. - The -Chinese
Government is greatly amazed at what
is termed' Russian interference- with
the telegraphs at ¦ Hainmintun. - with
which place communication .hitherto
has been free 'and "regular. * . •
The report that . the Russians are
about to enforce martial law in the
country west of the L»iao - River has
been confirmed, and in certain diplo
matic quarters here feeling' . that
Russia is sleeking an occasion to quar
rel* with China is gaining ground. J
It Is declared here that certain Rua-j
sian officials are circulating a. stpry ac
cusing China of having made a secret
treaty, with Japan regarding .the port
of Amoy and the province of Fukien,
and containing the statement that
prominent Chinese and Japanese "offi
cials already have left Shanghai for
Amoy to arrange the' preliminaries of
the treaty. Chinese and Japanese offi
cials here unite An denying this, accu
sation. ...
ST % PETERSBURG. April SO.— Th*
following telegram from Viceroy Alex
leff. under date of April 20, has besn
received- by the Emperor:
4 The special commission appointed
tu inculre Into the. cause of. the sink
ing of the battleship Petropavlovsk Bas
established beyond a doubt the fact
that the battleship struck a mine laid
by the enemy within the radius of the
customary evolutions of our* fleet on
the occasion- of its sorties into the outer
roadstead to get at the enemy. The
explosion of this mine under 'the
compartments -and bunkers of the Pet
ropavlovsk resulted, according to the
view of the commission of experts. In
.which I share. In a series of explosions
through the detonation of. the pyroxy
lin and the 12-inch shells in the ship's
magazine and in the explosion of the
powder stores,' as well as of the cylin
drical j boilers. These several explosions
were observed in the two minutes
which elapsed before the battleship
was wrapped in a sheet of flame and
disappeared beneath the sea."
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
aJd. Copyright. 1904. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.. -.,*;;•: -
SEOUt., April 30. — Fifty-one sur
vivors of the Japanese transport
Kinshiu Maru. which was sunk by
three Russian cruisers and _ two . de
stroyers, have been landed at-Sinpho
Bay, sixty miles north of Gonsah, by
the Onishimi Maru, a Japanese relief
steamship st*nt from Gensan. It had
been reported here that all on 'board
the Kinshiu Maru were lost when the
transport . was sunk.. She was" bound
for Songchin.
firing on the island opposite Turen
cheng, our guns destroyed the bridge
across the eastern branch of the Yalu
toward the Island of Bdmllinda, forcing
the Japanese t3 continue their passage
of the river, by pontoon south K of Wiju.
Toward' midday a, detachment of Jap
anese -with- battery. • of- artillery be
gan „• a. march uiJon Turencheng, but,
meeting with the fire of our artillery,
they retired in disorder and. confusion
toward. the place. of their passage. The
Japanese ibattery. did not have time
even to come Into action.
"At 9 o'clock in the evening" of April
•27 eome three battalions of the Japan
ese -crossed the Yalu at the .village of
,-Matoutseo ever the eastern branch of
the* river! The night' of , April . 27-2S
passed Quietly. ' '
••' "On the morning of April 28 our
scouts reported that the" Japanese, had
occupied an island opposite Sandakou,
¦having screened advance- posts on 'the
left bank >of the Tiver.
"Our troops continue to occupy their
position ; on . the right bank of the
river." .. . <
ST. PETERSBURG. April 20.— The
Emperor received a telegram from
General Kuropatkin,. under to-day's
date,. as "follows: '-. \ ¦•; •
"General Sasuljtch reports that the
night of April 28-29 passed quietly.
Small bodies of Japanese are moving
on the'right bank of the Talu, at the
mouth of which stream steamers are
arriving. On April 28, at about 2 in the
afternoon, Japanese. columns were seen
going from Yongampho toward Wiju
and a party of Japanese scouts was
seen on a mountain, southward of Sin
diaju. The Japanese have not yet un
dertaken any active operations."
The absence of telegrams from Rear
Admiral Yeszen to-day was ' regarded
at the Admiralty as proof that the
Japanese, have not attempted to bom
bard Vladivostok. -
It is. understood that Vice Admiral
Choukin, . now" commanding the naval
cadets' school, will succeed Vice Ad
miral Skrydloff as commander of the
Russian Black Sea fleet, and. that Ad
miral Korsakoff will succeed Admiral
Choukin. ¦ , • . #
Russia has called'th'e attention of the
Peking Government to reports received
from Russian military authorities in
dicating tliat Japanese officers are
making their way through Mongolia to
the railroad near Harbin, with the In
tention of destroying it. The officers
who were executed ten , days ago at
Harbin came through Mongolia.
As a result of his Investigations Em
bassador McCormick finds that, exclu
sive of 57Q Japanese, on the island of
Saghalien* the total number of Japa
r.tse in Siberia is 351, of- whom sixty
three- are in the* province of Amur,
chiefly at -Port Zeya; 2S0 in the pro-,
vince of Prlraorvsk,* phiefly at Niko
laievsk, and a, major and his wife, five
soldiers, two merchants and an inter
preter, under' arrest as spies. They
are "being concentrated • at Stretinsk,
whence,' as soon as navigation- Is
opened, they will • be forwarded to Ir
kutsk. , From there they will go to
Berlin via the Black Sea, the Russian
authorities desiring to transport them
so far as possible by water..
Without a dissenting voice the Rus
sian press approves of the decision of
the Government, as announced in its
circular note, not to permit mediation
and warning the rowers that they
must keep their . hands off when the
terms of peace are settled. The Svet
says: ,
"AH -Russia heaves a sigh of relief.
We are soing to 'establish ourselves on
the Pacific without sharing the spoils
of victory with others."
An official announcement is gazetted
to-day, explaining that the Emperor is
refusing all, applications of foreigners
for permission to serve as volunteers
In the Far East, because he considers
that the life and strength of the Indi
vidual belong, above all, to his native
country.
The popular enthusiasm over the
survivors of the Variag and Korletz
continues. To-day Immense crowds
witnessed their departure on board an
imperial yacht to Kronstadt, where
they will be entertained. -
to have died. Of the company lost
there were two captains, two first and
one second lieutenants,, the ensign, 73
privates and two Interpreters. Of the
survivors, ten were slightly and not
seriously wounded." ' ' ; -*••• ".;
to the Japanese on the Talu, it is evi
! dent that the latter expected a show
of defense on the river, and some sur
prise is manifested even here that prac
tically no attempt was made to im
pede the enemy's forces. In explana
tion of this it is significantly intimated
by ' members^ of the general staff that
General Kuropatkin had some secret
plans and that the Japanese may soon
find - themselves ¦ in a trap. General
Kuropatkin's ~ skill as a strategist is
a thing in which the Russian army re
poses blind faith.
. "Wait until, the denouement," offi
cers of the general staff say.
. . They. consider that General Kuropat
kin's skill as a strategist approaches
¦real . genius. Many of the- officers
claim 'that.. as chief of f staff. General
Kuropatkin was largely instrumental
in organizing the victories of General
Skobeloff.' and they delight to tell how,
years ago^ during the big field maneu
vers at Moscow Against Grand -Duke
Sergius, he . drew the whole of the
Grand Duke's artillery into an ambus
cade, ending the campaign at a single
stroke.
It is estimated. here that it will take
the Japanese at least a week to bring
over their men and baggage and to
prepare for an advance upon the first
Russian line, which is strongly posted
at Fengwangcheng, fifty miles west of
the Yalu. on the Peking road.
•The general staff does ' not believe
that it will be possible for the Japan
ese to deliver successful frontal at
tacks on this position, the country ..be
ing exceedingly, difficult and also fa
vorable # for 'disastrous ambuscades.
The members of the staff are ( in
clined to believe the Japanese will try
a flanking to the north
ward, but say that if they do so it can
only be a diversion, owing to the bad
condition* In which the. roads will be
for the next fornight. The talents of
the respective commanders as strate
gists, it is expected, will be demon
strated by a series of moves and coun
termoves. .
Within the last few days General
Kuropatkin. has advised the Emperor
that he is well satisfied with the dis
positions . made of the Russian troops
to meet the Japanese advance upon the
Fengwangcheng line. He also has made
a favorable report on the strength of
the Haicheng line, above Newchwang.
and the conditions on the Liaotung
Peninsula.
It is said that General Kuropatkin,
upon his arrival at Llaoyarif?, doubted
the expediency of holding that place,
but he is now convinced that it should
and can be held. While it is admitted
that the Japanese may bs able to land
at several places on the peninsula, and
even cut the railway, it is believed that
they will not care to take, the risks in
volved in such movements. Vice Ad
miral Togo could easily hold the Rus
sian fleet in port during the disem
barkation of the Japanese troops, but
to insure their safety afterward he
would be compelled to maintain con
stantly a . superior force outside th£
harbor to prevent the possibility of the
Russian fleet seizins the Japanese base
and cutting off communications,
leaving them to sustain, unsupported,
a land attack.
¦ "An invasion of Lraotung would be
like an invasion of England." remarked
an officer of the staff, "as Field Jt2v
shal Count von Moltke said: "There are
many ways in, but not a singl-* way
out.' "
Fifty-One Saved
From the Kin
shiu Maru.
Gives Japanese
Credit for
Victory.
Russians Offer but Slight Resistance While the
Main Japanese Army Advances Into Manchuria.
SURVIVORS OF JAPANESE TRANSPORT DISASTER REACH SHORE
THE SAN FRANCISCOf GALL,,- SUNDAY, MAY 1, 1004.
Continued From Page * 25, Column 4.
26
ADVEKTISZMENTS.
•- . .v 5 ¦;-: .¦ v. p - ¦¦¦¦•--•¦¦ • ¦ ¦ '"•¦".:
FOR MEN AND WOMEN
The celebrated Mark Gross Glove, 1
saddle stitched, hand sewed. . . .
AEVEBTTST-nVTETTTS.
Dr. Chas. R. Holsman
The liastcr Specialist.
I Absolutely Cure
?arleoocl*. Hydroeele. Confairiou.
Blood Poi«oa. Ccatracte-i Allmtsts,
Strlctare, FUei. nrjala. Bapirare.
Jtidaey *r.d S^AAcr diseases and
«!very kind of WeavkaeM peculiar
to niea. If vou have any disease
in the above list you can cpme tc
me with the positive assurance of
a cure. To a man who Is ailing
this means everything: his future
health, happiness and jtoeribly life
depend on his being cured. I am
here to do just that kind of work
— to Co it well, and to effect a per-
manent cure. Any case that cornea
to me and takes my treatment can
surely depend on beinc restored to
a normal condition unless the case
is Incurable. Such cases I do not
accept for treatment. My phenom-
enal success In curing men's dis-
eases has brought to me a busi-
ness that 1 am Justly, proad of.
end has proven the correctness and
truthfulness of ray motto, that
jroTxxjro succeeds uxs
KOBX8T TBZ1TMXIT.
AS A OUAJtaUTTSS I will let
the paUent deposit the price of a
cure In any bank In San Francisco,
to be paid after be is entirely well.
If it is not convenient to do this,
payments may be made monthly.
3?re« book at cff.ee or by mail.
Correspondence confidential.
Qontultattoa aad AArio* rree.
C. K. HOLSMAN, M D.
73S sTimxtt ST- (To* rioor). .
Saa Francisco.
Hear* — 0 to S tfaflr: t to 12 Sunday*, i
APVEBTISEIfENTS.
Wl l ale
Spring Habit.
Thousands have got this Habit,
and the benefits they receive
every spring, provided they use
the correct medicine, follow 'them
through the heat and debility/o£
summer.
, - Of all the medicines used in the
Spring, Hood's Sarsaparilla is by
far the best.
¦ i\ a ' -^ i
It exceeds all others in general
use, as it does in general excel-
lence and medicinal merit. >
If it happens that you have not
yet got the Spring Medicine
Habit, get it at once, " and , make
it a "fixed habit," and make
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
the only medicine you take.
WII You Help A SicR Friend?
Get My BooK Fcr Him ffe*. • •
Send me no monev.
Only isii B( which booV to itat ¦ - - . -*
You cerainiy kaow of sorrt ox* »ha « ul-.«ni
(ufferer »ho wilt be rnteiu! for the help n<«lxoh often.
And that book tells or * way :«, \ ?<? .1 , u j nf , «j y
to certain that I. as a physreun. offtr tftatheip on tnat
The book tell* how tor.jo ytar» m hoipial»aml at-befi-
iides I tearched for a way to cure <lee^seated <nd' fiaV-
cuk disease*. It lellsho* J perfected my prescription
—Dr. Shoop't Renorotive. How ty »c:*nt,nc ciperi.-
raent 1 traced oat tie causes that bruic on cltroaic >i.s-
eates.
1 found inranabiy Cat where there »« a .n.nrii. ¦
ibe in*id« nerves »«r« weak. Wli«re there «» a ia<k
of vitality that the »::al nrnres bcked power. Where
weak errant were found. 1 always found weak ncrv«B.
Not the nerres common'y tlioofhl of. but the vital or-
fans' nerve*, the intaie — the :n»i»iMr nerves.
Thtj was a revelation. Then my real success beran.
Then I combtned incredienu uut would *trtti«theM,
that woakl viulixc these nerves. That prescript >oa 1
called a restorative. It U kn»w« tlie wortd ovct now a«
Lir SIioop's Kettorativc. After that I d^l not fait to
cure one case in eaclt handred. Ik' the extremely diffi-
cult aia rsr fatlurrrs tor n>e years were One in- each)
forty treated. 1 found cancer tnenrabte. -Oncer is
for lurjfry. not medicine.
Then liow to let Uiis prescription to sick ones every.
where was sty ihonvht. - 1 mast announce ll in the
public sreu. But. UtOMfht I. will they rtalue die
truth ol niy ducuvcry — 0>e teal po«er ot Tjr. Shoop's
Kesiorativc* Tncn * »i> dn.e lo irt- !;k«3n m«inr»- .
tkm. "I will offer it to ll e SM.k <mi irul. 1 hen tbey
will know I am sracere."
I wrote a reliable dntRsst in each city »nd villac* ¦»
America. They agreed to co-operate w«h m«. -.
Now by any sick one
,Dr. Shoop's Restorative
Can be Ukeaoo. trial. Yor a Ullmowdi I wtUblMw
use it entirery at my ri»k
Send no money Just »ri««,,"»« *^t *• bp-k i«
*eed. When I tend « 1 will tell yo« of "a. dracrtst nar .
Vy wlio will permit the month's triaL Use th« Ktstan.
tive a month. . Then decide. If you uy to tlie drursui
"It did not help- bic ," >>'¦> t will relieve yt-u of a»y ex.
pens* wlaicver. He will bill the cost tome.- *
Thit is my way u< ckarm« your mind -of all doubts £i ¦
to what l>r Shuop's Kcstuntive can do. No tua:"tfV
how prejodked. yoa cannot dispute tttts absolute *•«¦«•!'-
ity I otfer. You cannot res»t an otlcr Uke. Uits if row'
are at all *icV. • j
If you have a weakness, write- me. U yon ami *m -
thmfs like you used to do them, tell m« a boat it.
>fc r«e m conftdtnc*. Asa physician I will tell Vm*
a way to help. Ot my bonk vow— u^day •
Simply state wt.cij Bcck s oa g^
book yoa want and' ad- Book 3 oa th« Kidneys.
dress I>r. Shoop. g°ojf * /or Women.
Box 163 O, Racine W*. iS£^SSJS^S.
Mild cases, not chronic, ar« often cored wlt!»
one or two bottles. At draxslsta.
PUBLIC MEETIHB .
. FOR THE .BENEFIT OS" THB
RUSSIAN RED CROSS
SOCIETY
THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1904, 8 P.M.
• Arransed by the ' t - :
SL\\ AMEniCAN COMMITTEB OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
AT NATIVE SONS' H.Ui, «4 MASON ST.
! Prominent Citizens Will Address th» MeeTJas."
Violin Solo by VRATISLAV MCTDROCH. th a
Great Coheir.lan Violtn!st. :
. CROATLVN TAMBCR-\SHL
RUSSIAN QTJARTET.
' APMISSIOXN»gSc
Every Woman
/VjT^ LW^U! \ ta »=tersaed »ad ibonld \wr
ttfj*^ C^'vtl MARVEL Whirling Spray
(IJ »***-S»'I'M. IfcMt- Kit-
i«»r»»«»w»is»tis»iu >^ . v^"^S*"^^
If he «»anot »opply tte V. i^ar^^C^
MARVEL. aci-«i>t no \Bnf • *P i_
oumt. but wad (Uab (or "^ *w "ASjJ^rT
tUa-Atntedtiook-Mato*. Itcirc. YV ""/ /
I fnllp-rttenlsr«a.ad(tirrrtmr4i]». X\ / M :
v»lu»l>t# U> U4:es JIAItULlCTj aW
4irarkB«w,.\«wl»rk. "f^ffi'flr^
J5t,, N * w JJ^t-wawfT. Saa Fraaclawe. cau. - ".
\V lmaraHattcrota <L*dl«' Dept.). 254 3utter.
Vnioa Dror CO..2U Kearay A Van New ft Sftr*
Oscood Brothers... 7ta and Bradway. OakUai
B»i3wfn Poannacy \\% euu
jtt*gP&fe&. 9 MENANDWOMEIf,
Cm B!f « for intdrti
jBp$F »» t *• S «stv !mS ditchs, rr.»«., lnfl»m:»*t:om«,
S&g Oiuiim^ n trriuvlam or uloar.d«u
{L*J »u «• «rt«»r». m g f maeoOi tsembrMi**,
g,»jT«lSTWOEM'au.Ct. r«nt »r yolawaowS.
«^ -.«.A»^W*«c ant te »Ula wnw-%
111 wflw; affPll *T wzrrM*, prvsalw, far
EavV •» drcalar an.t os> r»«»«-*
§OUSA!S HAVE KIDNEY
;j} mm. n qont khqwit
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
v^yrilldo for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
; >J Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
-. .;'¦¦$>¦'. .-;!JVeak.tand unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
.'..and .suffering than any other disease— therefore* when, through
neglect op diher causes* kidney trouble Is permitted to continue,
vtatai risults arc sure to follow.
'ivf'y'.iVpur'pther organs may need attention — but your kidneys most,
Vocalise they do most and need attention first.
:•;*-;;;. If -.yon- are sick or ••feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
/"(SWampf Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
a* «soon as your 'kidneys begin to get better they will h.lp all the
other or^anti to health. A trial will convince anyone.
V ¦¦¦¦ ~Tf?e ; iaild : *nd immediate effect of brickdust or sediment In the orine.
Swarcp-Robt, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame back, dizzi- '
bladder .remedy,: is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart '
•ting's. '."the" highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bid kidnev trouble.
cures cf the ..tncist 4^ strjess^ ne cases, fkin eruptions from bad blood, neural- ;
S * an: j>r Root will set your whole sys- gia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloatine. ir-
teih i.n.rtit,: -and the best proof of this • ritability, worn-out. fedine. lack of am*
is a jriaL' . ;, ¦ • y. "¦'•¦ -;._; _.;. bition, loss of flesh, sallow complexion,
. V'iB.CpTTAGE ET» MELRO6E, MASS. or BrUjht'i disease.
[?^SrStelt wi. la the SZ/i^uJ^™ » your water, when allowed to re- I
**¦ t«:k« ktcner trouble. *ad within ih# p&tt main undisturbed in a class or bottle for ;
yew if hffxm* ro eever* and complicated th«* !«.„». ( n ,,, Vmnra (nfme •> «»^;m.n» «r ;
x •ustr^ievprntinc aad wu much aianawi— t w «nty-tour hours, torms a sediment or .
na; firrzierh Aad-power wmm fut ie»v;ac a*. setthnK or has a cloudy appearance, it
; '"»»»¦ »'¦> W»»rU»<meot ot Svamo-Root and ic »vi(ifTr that vmir lrir'ncv« anri .
«rot« . affc-nx m&rie: i trpan um «m ot i^ eviaen.e inat ypur- Moneys ana ;
¦;<h? ¦¦rs^eicm* and notea a a*cided naproTensent bradcer need immediate attention.
U to a 1a y n Swamp-Root is the sreat discovery of !
tt«t i aiii ientirerr cured aad rtrcac Xa order Or. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and \
to-b* Wo ..t-r^ abcut ths«. i had a ex- bladder soccialist Hosoitals use it'
-atrrfae.'sotr.* ctrnv water to-aay. and be pro- • u »>* c «^*"»«~ *i«jsy»i*i» use u .
nouncrtf -:i :*:» nirfct and m «p>naid cocdsuonT ! Wlt " wonderful success in both slight j
"iii^ cw .^ at E£T t^^iT^ 0^ 1 *¦ p 1 "*^ "**- and severe cases. Doctors recommend '.
'^/•.rlip^r^\o^Tl^r^'^^.\^^ (Mr patients and use it in their j
r<rvrr ; 3erd:a« Swamp-Root to aii tat- own families, -because they recognize!
?W»-r^ :." yfe?y Fcl rTcharuson ' ia Swamp-RoSt the greatest and most
';'i\i ¦¦'..'- ¦¦''¦'¦¦' . ¦ . ¦ ' * * successful remedy. !
-l^ * sa: 3 :)le c bottIc °l thi» Sxv*mp-Root is pleasant to take and '
<tm ?^h C> "r emcd /- Sj a ?P-Ro.M. is for sale at drug stores the world,
£^£S£SE?fi Post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
HS&SLJS r,^! 5 ior ™& <I»- .prices— fifty cents and one dollar. Re- :
:3*£22? T" b !^ dcr K r - d ar » c >c>d member the name, Swamp-Root. Dr. \
$£££222 d ; ge x SUon ' be , ja «. obh 2 e d Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad- ;
to. your -water freoueatlyniKht and dress Binghamton. N. Y.. on every!
<Say....6rr.a;t ! r!e or irritation in oa s sin e. > bottle. I
..i.:; EDITORIAL NOTB.-5O successful is Swamp-Root in promptly I
? • •«¦?'«¦**«" ? he most <*«tressia K cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
/ .*les f -tfiaj to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle
.: ,a$d -a.bqok of valaableinformation. both sent absolutely 'free by mail. The
.took.contai^s many. oi the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
: "rsr.eceived from men and women cured. The value and success of
: -.^»' a r?»?- I Roo , t 1S *° tte11 aown that o^. readers arc advised to send for a
...•P&rrple ljoKle... Insend.nz voar address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binsham-
.V'*?".'-^--*;? b Vf. r V^ sav V 9 U '"^ tfcs Kenerous offer in the San Fran-
•¦- Cisco: Sunday Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
..;.*« thi< ofier. - >..
DE. KILMEB'S SWAJIP-BOOT. .
DB. SHOOP'S •R.tnw-ErPTT'g.Continued on Page 28, Column 1.
eternity, we pause upon this glad and
inspiring moment where an hundred re
joicing years are met, and -we offer
thee our praise and prayer. We humble
ourselves and yet we exult In thee
to-day as we implore thy spirit divinely
to open the gates of this our festival
and prosper it with holy guidance, re
membering that ours is the unchanging
God. We celebrate the significance of
far- reaching events; we shall, here,
day by day rehearse the story of un
counted transformations.
"O thou eternal Love and Light, stay
us and guide us— thou who art the
same yesterday. and forever! -We know
not the swiftness of time or the
startling movement of events, 'while
we pray for the life and good of the
President of these United States and
all others In authority with him.* We
perceive not how weak is man 'when
we implore thy blessing upon the offi
cers of this centennial celebration and
upon their work. Only when we* are
sure that thou, who will protect and
guide them, didst aforetime succor and
lead our fathers on their way, do we
gratefully recognize that the continuity
of American history is in the life and
purpose of God as revealed in the prog
ress -. of man and that in thee we
have the' 'future as in thee we had the
past.'. .For' this we, adore .thy great
and: holy ¦ name and make mention " of
thy, goodness and power.
"We' remember gratefully the days of
old.; We thank thee for those silences
and solitudes, .well nigh eternal and in
flnite,)rt; which/ 1 God ; wrought in natural
manners -here" creating ; : a 'measureless
opportunity ; ahd advantage in eoU- and
day Is the; consciousness 'of our short
comings and our iniquities. By the
same might with which thou hast, led
and' protected, spare us and pardon.
["From our agreed and- foolish pride,
from • our fear of men and our faith
fulness: to.- thee. we appeal to thee
through, him -who 'suffered for all our
sins. ,May no, splendid events of our
.history hide. from us thy righteousness
revealed; betimes in flame and thunder.
Clouds' arid/darkness have indeed been
round about thee, at times In our hls
.lory, ..but .ever .Justice and judgment
have' been the habitation of thy throne.
We have^slnned against thy command
ments, and lo; f thou hast done great
and good things" for 'us and wonderful.
. "Thou hast blessed. us, in basket and
in store and planted in the midst of the
garden Vof our^ growth . tne tree of life,
which * bears 'twelve ; manner * of fruits,
whbae leaves also' are; for the healing
of . the '- nations/* .When .we have niost
offended' against- thy holy, law, we have
done „ It .amid . all .• the . gldry of r thine
infinite : goodness. Deliver us, ," we pray
¦ thee,- from our> sins, and .forgive... re
•ne'wlngiln:our. fresh ; Vision ..of '.Jesus
Christ •; the 'assurances 'of thy pardon. _;
FARE>VELL;TO THE PAST.^
"Farewell; the" past; '.welcome the fu
ture, I O jour 'King ! May we not ' f ai 1
thee, ' O •_'* thoiivGod i of iNatIo"ns,\ since
•thbu:hastfcalje_d?us to^tasksjso^sublime
and " ' ha'st'r spread < every J*,bahq uet wl th
hands' of -love* and 'for "the- richer trl
uniphai\pf ¦ thy ' kingdom ) in arid through
the I governments^ of -' men. v .' To , this 'end
may , we have' that [righteousness which,
"corning is ; life, and' hope/ ,
"Then ; our! youth- shall be 'renewed
"So we thank thee for our fathers and
our. mothers, /who, .. by fthy .- good ' spirit
(wrought righteousness,' while they
stopped -the mouths ;" of wild 'beasts,
quenched the violence of even prairie
fire, rocked thelr^children to' sleep /with
the '.wolf's ~ howl ? shivering - the •. quiet
night, overcame the savage and ; the
pestilence, conquered ' poverty, turned
wilderness In't^C gardens ¦ and . •. trans-'
formed' : hot ; deserts ; Into 'fields .'-where
bloom. : the rose : arid '; j cornflower/ 'and
where • ripen apples of gold \ in", pictures
of- silver.'';-' ""f: ' '¦'.: ','/¦¦¦ ¦ • ~-Jj \ ;. '•'¦. ; '.
'"The Httle.'one has become a thousand
and ithe Vmallj one aj "strong nation? -The
wilderness /and\thersolitary J place have
Indeed ; , been j glad ' for. them. V Verily, the
Lord ; hath , it *¦' In '< his -J time.
Make us -worthier: of such "¦ fatherhood
and motherhood/.' arid'/becauseTwe *'&haH
ljenceforth : serve 'more ; devoutly .their
God, who >: Is also "God, :; we> lift {up
"our 7 eyes.' on" thls^ day.; at* least,*; to; the
hills \whenceAc6meth:our; help.". Glad jis
our thanksgiving."; feryentv our^praise;
but/quick < and* i tendef7bn';this ; ekultant
sky, . river and rock, forest ' climate
—a challenge for the handstand , hearts
which should -meet and. master the
nascent energies and build.'common
wealths In these new realms ! for the
glory of God and' the good of man. But
thou hast often' taught us how ; poor
are resources apparently .Inexhaustible,
how worthless are flashing ores and
hidden streams without man, thy serv
ant and child, vice regent, of thyself
made kingly by thy • providence *«nd
grace to subdue/ and transform accord
ing to thy plan.'
GROWTH OF, THE NATION.
As the column from the Administra
tion building: entered the plaza a Ions
At. the head of -the column was a de
tachment of the JefSerson Guards,, who
are to do police duty within the expo
sition v/hile it continues. Then came
the Philippine scouts' band, followed
by the Philippine scouts, an imposing
body of. men, who marched welL
, Behind them and leading the officers
and directors of the exposition came
Fousa's band. Following the oflicere
e rid directors were the members of* the
rational commission, and last of all the
board of lady managers, some of .whom
wore on foojU- while others preferred the
more luxurious method of riding in car
riages.
DISPLAY OF GOLD LACE.
Promptly at the.houf set'the officers
and directors of the "exposition, the
members ot the national commission
and the board of lady-managers were
gathered at the Administration- buiid
ing, where as. rapidly ..as possible they
were formed into p. ' procession and
marched to the plaza 'of St. Louis, in
the center of the ffrotfnda, where the
formal exercises of the .opening were
conducted.
The official .hour for •th'e.jcommence
rr.ent of the exercise's* was* 9 o'clock.
Although no special 'effort was made to
secure a large atten<Jante*fo"r the own
ing day, the crowd was fully as large
as that which filled the gro.unds one
year ago, when .the exposition buildings
were dedicated with such pomp 'and
ceremony.
- ST,' : LOUIS," April SO— World's Fair
<Srpun?ls.— N*otwi;hJBtanding "the predic
tion of the government- forecaster, who
prophesied .rain for the latter part -of
the day <yid l«*weriflg skies . for the
morning. St." LouJs vuU forth her best
and braves't effort to-day In honor of
the opening cf—her-'great exposition.
The morning, at least, was bright and
the most was made of it. - "
• ''ThlsJ universal exposition - was con
ceived in a sense of obi i gat ion • on t"nb
partYbf : : the"" people r of the Louisiana'
purchase to give • expression ;t© -their
gratitude for" the innumerable blessings
that ; have '. flowed from I a"' - century", 'of
membership ' 1 n ; the American Union, ; to
manifest : their, appreciation ;r of the
manifold benefits of living* in a land
whose . climate and soil ; and ' resources
are .-unsurpassed, /and of . having ' their
lots - cast • in ; an age when liberty • and
enlightenment are established on foun-
President Francis, as the chief execu
tive of ; the exposition,' then delivered
the following v address:
like the eagle's; we shall mount upon
wings; we shall run and not be weary;
we shall even walk and not faint/ Give
us the eVinobling expectation that as
our God hath. commanded our strength
because of the very greatness • of our
way in the past, even so shall he lead
us on from enterprise to enterprise of
faith, from altar to altar of devotion,
even from Gethsemane to Calvary of
self-sacrifice, so that we may follow
the uncrowned holiness from glory unto
glory.
"Accustom us to the truth which shall
lead" us to seek first the -. kingdom of
God that in the light and :f or the pur
poses thereof all triumphs of science
applied, all conquests of discovery, all
victories of philosophic endeavor, all
fruits of the, tilled soil, all tamed tides
of ocean, all songs of happy, homes, all
opulent • literatures yet" to be written,
all art waiting here, to be created-^o
that . all these ; things shall be added
unto us. Then shall he be crowned, in
deed, and with many crowns. And then
shall be answered,. so far as we may
be made worthy to receive the ¦. answer,
the words he has taught us to say
when .we pray."
JDr. Gunsaulus concluded his eloquent
Invocation "with the Lord's, Prayer, in
which the audience Joined. '
. ADDRESS : OF FRANCIS.
A third column came .shortly after
ward, formed of representatives of the
States and Territorial' governments' in
the. Union. The participants Jn .the
exposition quickly T took, their places -tit
the' base of the Louisiana monument,
where a small stand, had. been erected
for the speakers and seats provided for
the listeners. The assemblage was
called to order without'delay by Presi
dent' D. R. Francis the' exposition,
who requested the ¦ audience to -rise
while the Rev. Frank W.Guhsaulus of
Chicago delivered i the following fnvo
cation:
PRAYER BY REV. GUXSAULTJS.
"Almighty God,; author of all good
ness,', in whose : hand ; are, all bur ', times;
who art "from" all eternity '-unto ¦'"all
line formed of representatives of for
eign -Governments, which had assem
bled in the Hall of Congresses, came
pouring into the ptaza from another
avenue. This column was also headed
by a detachment of the Jefferson
Guards. • followed by a band. At the
Head of the line immediately behind the
music were the members of the expo
sition committee on foreign relations.
• Then came commissioners and repre
sentatives of foreign Governments
whlclt have Embassadors accredited to
the United States, marching in the or
der of presentation of credentials to
the exposition. Following these came
lepresentatives of Governments hav
ing Ministers accredited to the Unite3'
States, and then a great I number of
other representatives of foreign.Gov
ernments and colonies, also In the or
der of the presentation of their cre
dentials to the exposition. SS91
This column presented by far the
gayest appearance of the day. for the
foreigners made a prodigal * display of
goia lace and bright" colors in glitter
ing contrast to the black, silk hats and
dark frock coats which were so prom
inent among, the officials and dignitar
ies of the exposition. , ¦ .
VAST ASSEMBLAGE TAKES PART IN INAUGURAL CEREMONY
St. Louis Puts Forth Her Best ;and Bravest Efforts in Honor of
Her Great and Magnificent Exposition.
dations broad and deep, and are ths
heritage of all who worthily strive.
"To rise to the full measure of such
a sentiment required an undertaking of
comprehensive . proportlona and the
participation of all. races and of every
clime. The magnitude of the enter
prise was never lost sight of by It3
promotors, but Us : mammoth propor
tions, constantly' Increasing as they de
veloped,, never for a moment shook the
confidence, weakened the energies or
diverted from : their well defined pur
poses those who had been entrusted
with the responsibility and the work.
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, V SUNDAY, ;vMAY r l, ; 1904.
27
ZTEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAXB WOWT rAI.Ii OUT .
Xf Ton Xill the Dandruff Germ VTlUx tit
Wew Treatment.
John N.- Fuller, a well-known citizen
of: Coif ax, "Wash., says: **I had dandruff
so badly that it caked on my scalp. Her-
piclde completely cured me." George H.
McWhirk of "Walla "Walla. "Wash., says:
"Herpidde completely cured me of a. bad
case of dandruff of SO years* standing."
They took the only really sensible treat-
ment, a remedy that destroys the dan-
druff germ— Newbro's Herpiclde. Stop
dandruff, hair won't fall out. but will
grow naturally, luxuriantly. Allays Itch-
ing instantly and makes hair glossy and
soft as silk. One bottle will convince any
doubter of Us merits. Sold by leading
druggists; 1 Send 10c in stamps for sam-
plotto The Herpiddc Co.. Detroit, Mich.
These two. words, Schilling's
Best, are perfect * assurance of
getting your money's-worth. .
At jr9 «t gmw't; MUftacfc
ADVERTISEMENTS.
There are a million Women now Ailing Who ohould Remember that Pe-ru-na is an ; lntalliblo opecitic j^^gl^^^^^^^^^ /i
iUI OfJllilg UUIUo dilU UUUgilo, LdoollUUC dllU nClVUUollCoo IllUIUuIIL LU LIIU rllol Vfdllll VVCdUICIi y^^1pi^%^^^W^^^^^a^X JdY I\i I
' r -- ;; : '¦ ••'¦ ; #iT)A \«W^S^I^^^S^^^wiil§2^^ 1\/T ISS ELLEN* CRAWLET, 241 S. CATARRH OF LUNGS n/| ISS MARGRET FAHEY. 49 Adams ]\ /TISS MARTHA KAPLANiTKT, Pres-
¦:r QiP )^V^^^^^^^^^^^^^W IVi Madison Ate., La Grange. 111., . i «l«RRnur LU«UO IVi St., Troy,. N.Y., writes: "We have IVi ident "Sokol" Club. 1538 West .18th
£+o5-^£^^i5 5^ 7/lfll writes: ., , s Generally the Resu t of a Neglected n used Peruna in our family for years St Chicago. 111. writes:
(i* iwi^^^ ¦^-¦^•»f IB <i>n , ¦¦i|il r *^__l^ZZr-^ *%f^ f° r y* ar s I had been a sufferer with . r _ M p _ _ r _ . r tfh . aM ] l um vp ry pleased to say that it "Myjiealth was in such a state that my
¦• . . *- L -"'." v catarrh of the .throat and larynx. I got VOta r^'J"~™*rItarrH ' ure^ T ° f • ca . tarrh °* * ho lun / s whea friends were a/armed over my condition.
..-'.... ¦ •¦::, ¦ V, . ., ,. , . . a- j • COloS ana Catarrtl. the doctors gave up all hope of my ro- *, , . . . . . , • •,• -
„ , - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . --.--¦ .. • hoarse on the slightest provocation, and \ COV(lr - T „*_- ¥><.™,,« *r£ «»» m nnth« I doctored and took nearly everything that
bprhis Time tne Best Season of th, jyi im mary^j cg^ "J™^ THE FIRST SJAGt OF CATARRH, m, nice became tired. ,ery "X , TA RRH of t^Tun K s is ordinarily -dTt the^ni oTST^S.'VSS ~ recommended to me. but .nothing
Year to Treat thronlc Catarrh. 4Vlmond > 8t, / w«st, Toronto. Canada. easily: , I could nrt talk for any length of O^^I^I^^^^^Ia had disappeared, my appetite was much seemed to have any effect on me until I
. , . i--.-- * "tT^" . ' "I have been troubled with catarrh almost A Serious Mistake Which Thousands time and it was very annoying. I was very-, tuberculosis. In these cases the ca- be "" , a "t l, h f d gaI f e J te HH P0U T nd J S « ai Jn took Peruna. My lungs were in a weak
Notwlthstancllnltbata Great Number erer since , can remember . Abot]t fl¥e are Making much discouraged., as, nothing seemed I io tarrh has. usually found its way into the perfect hea )th now and SJfthat pSi'S condrion. were sore all the time, and the
of People Ha\e Been Cured of years ago it settled in the middle ear. caus- '' help me until a friend persuaded me to give ]? n 8s by^ the srzduzl extension ot the no t only cures catarrh, but builds up the slightest cold would settle there. I was
Chronic Catarrh by Taking ing great difficulty in hearing. I am indeed -HP HE first stage of catarrh ia what is Peruna a trial. I did not have much con- bronTwart^bes Consumption US is " the stem - and ls therefore a grand medl- scarcely ever free from pain and had lost
PerunaDurlnjUiePast grateful to say that three bottles of Peruna l S^Tli "ea?^ 8 tSit f>°^e in it. as everything else had failed natural termination of all. cases of neg- c^oT preventive known mUch in wei 3 ht fy Physician adrised a
Cold Season, •• . ." relieved me so greatly that /felt encouraged or lungs, "its beginning is sometimes so me, but I tried it just to please my friend, lected chronic catarrh. Every one who t o the medical profession up to date for change of climate, and / was about to go-
: r •-. to continue its use. lifter taking eleven severe as to cause a chill and considera- My delight, therefore, may be imagined is afflicted with chronic catarrh Is name catarrh In all- its conditions is Peruna. away when I was persuaded to try Peruna.
Yet It Cannot Be Denied That the Cold bottles more. I .was entirely and perrr.a- b!e feve r- or it may be so slight as to not when I began to improve at once, and/ ;?° 0 %„ «u« fl W «,t R ta°Jl. S a U^f P thT disease urln , s the uncertain weather of spring- I began to improve with the first bottle, and
Wet Vl' M th«- ti^ " nently- cured. I have spent hundreds of hinder a person from his usual business, have kept right on improving until my voice "™J n J " ! h "?' ™eu??fn the ilitJr stSS "me it js an unnecessary hazard for any kept steadily improving until I was well.
.. ¦ jnsnyvures. whilt $U spmt tor Pcnm nrrt me *ith,n catarrh, and hence It Is that nearly one- n™ C 4»/« " produce sreat beneflt. »nd I. .TO . , ,« ult a S ail,."-M,a Hartha Kapttuakf.
.-./• aClire. " -I- ;- ¦¦• To neglect a cold is to invite chronic ]\/f RS. W. VVASHBURN. 123 S.. Villere disease should begin at once treatment IVI Mason St.. Springfield. 111., writes: Ji ft BS. JUDGE J. F. BOTEB. 823 Da-
, >. . '¦". ' . ¦_' ' . ¦ ' ' A Cold In the Head or Throat Is Almost catarrh. As soon as anyone discovers IVI St.. New Orleans. La.. Financial with Peruna. "Two months ago when I sought IVi vis St. Evanston. I1L. says: "It any
v<' MnvV^i» -" Certain to OevelOD ntO Catarrh the nrst symptoms of catching cold he Secretary of Camp No. 2. Sons and A slight ccugh. which, without a ves- your ai i v i cet an<J you to i,j me tnat i waa one has reason to praise Feruna It,
Q PI'INGTIME has. come at fetf. and • • i k~ii.Z*.a should at once begin the use of Peruna Daughters of America, also Recording tige of doubt, would soon disappear with su{terlns from sys temlc catarrh. I had is surely myself. Last spring 1 became
Vjnow 43 the time for all catarrH suf- •? . -^ ._ _ - ; accor djng to directions on the bottle, and Secretary of the. Lady Standard Mutual the use of Peruna. becomes chronic bron- gotten so bad that I could not bear the so run down from the serious effects ot
. ferers to begin a pystfynatic course f> ATAERII usually begins as a cold the cold Is sure to pass away without Benevolent Association, is a; lady of chitls. which requires a persistent use of j 0 u of and had to lie down"raost a lingering cold that several compllca-
l K^m**? 1 f ° r thi . s diaease - Tllc ereat- V^m the head or throat and is noglect- leaving any t»d effects. ; prominence of that place. She writes: everv 8 vear of the time. 1 began taking your Peruna tions united in puIMng me down. I could
est difficulty in the way of treating ed until It becomes chronic: then it Unless this Is done the cold Is almost "Last.springlcaughtaseverecold.be- f™^jSto , a SSrfwt ot coughs colds and now I feel like a new woman. lean neither eat nor sleep well and lost flash
.Phronlc catart-1. ia. that the. paUent ia so begins to dawn on the victim that he has f^ to wn "ch "«, makinTso mfny live^ i"f repeatedly to wet in- our *? c l d £g£g \l. Perunf had been kept in walk just as far as I please without and spirit. I finally tried Peruna and It
a^ ttS^f-V- f i ¦ B thC treatme . nt £^ufno\ n r e «t«a^ mfsiVaWe^f 'perSSi"^ t^keY .every ffS^Ttoya I "aTSmis'Snd^evSr'wlth the'houso and used occ -rdlng to direc feeling any fatigue and I have taken only did. wonders for me. In two weeks I waa
toa»n «££ fntlwly'SridT* SsTnds 'pay no"[fen! fj&fS^&fSrlSE^&SS^ Xmma^^o^^iche^h^l'wS tlons. would have been prevented. three bottles of Peruna. I shall never llko another person, and In a month !
Tms liabimj : at # thls season of the tion to lt unt u it fs too lat< T . . tarrh would be practically an unknown unable to be about 1 had one of your . '"' '- cease praising Peruna nor thanking Dr. felt better than I have ever done before,
year is. in a great measure-removed." and if Peruna is used the cold never be- d> sease - booklets in my home, and had read in an Hartman for his kind advice."— Mrs. I thank Peruna for new Ufo and
no one "should neglect tfie opportunity to .comes chronic, and hence catarrh is pre- indifferent way of the value of Peruna. 1\/| RS. L. E. CLAUDER. 59 North Viola Marshall. strength."
take treatment. . vented. But after catarrh has become n /f ISS LORETTA WVLL 350 V Dale but when I became sick I thought about IVI Eleventh Street, Newark. N. J.. Peruna is of national fame as a ca- If you do not derive prompt and satis*
Peruna is 'acknowlpd«rp<i fiv rvtrvnn. "thoroughly established. Peruna will cure IVI <=» c» !>=»,, i •««,,„ ' „„' '.. r T It and sent for some. I found it truly writes: "Peruna haV done for me tarrh remedy. It ls the only internal, sys- factory results from the use of Peruna.
to h* ?»,• o^uT «V«^wfc = -J *!?i? u - bu * u win u ' ke much 'oneer. 1T1 fat -. SsU T 1^ u ! # . MInn - Last wonderful . It simply hunted out every what much medicine of various kinds did temic catarrh remedy known to the med- write at once tp Dr. Hartman. giving a
io ue we omy renaDie ana unfailing jjen and women of national reputation spring I had a very severe case of slck and a ning place in my body and not seem to touch. I shall keep it on leal profession. It makes diseased mu- 'full statement of your case, and he will
cure^or -catarrn- wherever it may be.Io- as well as thousands In the humbler catarrh of the stomach and bowels. I within a week-I was well. I used -it hand and whenever I take a cold, as one cous membranes healthy, whether it is be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
cated. . . v. ne.n you take Peruna you are walfts of life publicly endorse Peruna. took three 4 bottles of Peruna and. found about two weeks longer, and have been ficquently does. I will use it. I am in the mucous membrane lining the nose, vice gratis.
not experimenting with an unknown rem- Pcrunadocsallthatisclairaedforlt.lt myself gaining very quickly in every in the best of health since." — Mrs. ,W. ail respects now well./ Appetite good, throa* lungs, stomach, kidneys or pelvic Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tna
e(J JV . '-. . ¦ . cures catarrh. >- way." — Miss Loretta Wall. VVashburn. * ¦ sleep well and system regular." organs. . - Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O. • .ered into the east room by M$}or
Charles MacCawley of the Marine
Corps. The' diplomats were-, received
there by Colonel Thomas W. Symons,
military aid of the President. ' ,
At 1:07 o'clock a fanfare of trumpets
announced th'e -approach of: 1 President
Roosevelt. As he entered ' the east
room with Mrs. Roosevelt on his arm
the Marine Ba"hd played the inspiring
strains of "Hail to the Chief." The
President faced the throrig", of 'distin
guished persons standing immediately
to the left of the stand bearing the his
toric gold key. The assembled guests
arranged -themselves , In - a semi-circle
across , the f room j facing J the President.
As the strains of music died away a
hush fell upon the assemblage. Then
the President delivered the . following
brief address: ' " . . > ,
. "I have received from the exposi
tion 'grounds the f statement that > the
management of the Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition" await? the : pressing
of the ' button .which is to transmit the
electric*' energy which j Is to unfurl the
flags ! and . start the t machinery of the
exposition. [; : :\ . .; . ¦'. . .'. '.-•- '..;¦; .'•¦..";
, "I wish , no w to ' greet all . present,
and .especially the representatives
of the foreign nations, ;¦ In . : ' the
name of the American -people and to
, thank these/ representatives " f or .'•¦ ; the
part their ?seyerai- countries hare tak
en in being represented In this cen
tennial '" anniversary * of ; the ; greatest
step Irs- the movement which trans
formed the s American republic from 'a
small- .confederacy: "• of States lying
along ; the 'seaboard" to a con
tinental: nation. •'; ". . . ' . '
i 1 ."This exposition is' -one ' primarily
Intended' to fshow the progress in the
Industry! 'science j arid the^art, not
only of Hhe "American* nation, but "of
all { nations; of-, 1 the -great-: and '„ wonder •
ful century which has Justi closed.
Every department of . human activity
will ; be \ represented * there; >;.: and \ per-'
haps*Ji,may-;be .allowed.^ as honorary
president : of r the : Athletic 'Association
,wliich^ under V : European "¦? management
started f to revive' the f memory i of the
Olympian games, to say that I am
Continued From Page ?5, 'Column 7.
American stationery is being moire
and more appreciated In Europe. Aus
tria exports a large, quantity. qJC pajrer,
but really good letter paper is' -exceed
ingly scarce there. \ Pens; pencils and
erasers, of Austrian manufacture are'
likewise ..inferior. , -". .^-. -- : '-.\*~
behalf of the people of the exposition
city. .
Embassador Cassinl, dean of the dip
lomatic corps, waV the' first of the for
eign representatives to extend Congrat
ulations. He was followed by Embas
sador,.St«rnberg, «f,Gennanyi Eni'bas
sadori Hengelmueller .of . Austria-ITun
gary,. Embassador Aspiroz °flM|x(co
and otKeif' memfiers *oY*"tBe' *aifpilomajic.
corps.' •; '.f- •/. T : ,T^ »'*
On the completion of ' the ceremefny
the President and "MrA Roo?«velt| ac
companied by some of thosfe wlio vtkre
to take luncheon -with them, retired; to
the private apartments of the White
House, while the assemblage- of other
guest3 slowly dispersed. All agreed
that It was a fitting celebration of a
memorable event in the'history of the
United States. - - : -
glad that, in addition to paying proper
honor to the progress of Industry, of
-science, of art— we have. . also paid
proper honor" to the development of
the, athletic pastimes which- are use
ful in themselves and which are use
.ful'as showing that It is wise, for na
tions to. be .able, to relax as well as
work. '
"' "I greet you all. I appreciate -your
having come here on this occasion and
in" the presence of you, representing
the; American » Government . and v the
governments of the 'foreign nations,
I here open the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition." • . ¦
. As the last words fell from his. Dps
the President stepped to the table and
closed the key. A second later the first
gun of the national salute boomed' out
over the Monument grounds. Sponta
neously the spectators broke Into
hearty, applause.
• Secretary of = the Treasury Shaw
stepped forward and grasped the Pres
ident's hand cordially, ' congratulating
him upon the auspicious opening of the
fair. Representative Bartholdt of St.
Louis then offered congratulations on
of one nation to the sovereignty of an
oth'erl'." ~ • ; f;^'-.- ' ',,,'_
WONDROUS TRANSFORXXATlbN I
"A . territory x)f more than a million
square" miles in I area, extending . from
the British 'possessions on the north to.
the Gulf of "Mexico on the south and
from the banits^of the Mississippi to the
towering crests *of the Rocky Mountains
was added to the dominion of 'the
young, republic." "'¦ ¦- *-£j
The Senator^ referred to the marvel
ous' development and growth In popula
tloii and'^maferial • resources of the
Louisiana -Territory, and added:*"
"What- a .wondrous transformation!
Yet the cehtliry during whictx it was
actompllshed has. barely passed and the
glorious 'work of building- up this
mighty empire' hits only Just begun.
"To Jefferson, to Livingston : and -_to
Monroe belo'ngs fhe undying, honor .of
securirilr- this ; vast domain for the
American^ people, and on the. brightest
p^ges of 'our; C9untry*s history 1 Is in
scribed the treaty which they.consum
mated with the great Napoleon.- " • • •
"This day marks .the beginning of the
grandest, most varied and "most exten
sive exposition th'e world Jjas, yet seen.
-. "This exposition, favored by. the late
President McKinley, /Jvhflse invitation
to participate' therein was extended to
foreign, lands, and inaugurated by
President Roosevelt when he employs
the power of electricity at the nation's
capital to set in motion the machinery
here Installed, will crown with fitting
honor the event we now commemorate.
"It will, as ~we are 'already assured,
prove. worthy of this beautiful and his
toric city and of the great State of Mis
souri, * with .its. unmeasured resources,
and It wJU add another triumph to the
glorious "achievements of the men and
women who dwell in this favored land.
."Su'ch expositions indicate the differ
ent stages in the progressive march of
the human race.- They?. invite to a share
in-the honors they* bestow on the en
terprise and iqY e ntive"ff'enItis of "all the
nations and they, provide the "broadest
and. highest means of education, sup
plementing in a large degreethe work
of the college apd university, ' .
" . IL\RBIXG'^CS, pj". I PEACE. V
"They are the harbingrers and promot
ers > of peace, ajcfd as such they, merit
.•and' derive' the suppprt'jand "approba
tion-of the wise and patriotic men and
women cf every land. 7 . > v ,
"Where else. with greater reason and
propriety could such an exposition be
held than in our own country, now at
peace with all the world, and commem
orating an event whose importance and
far-reaching consequences cannot even
now be realized ifnd understood? * v ,^.*
"WTiere else with stronger assurances
of 4 success cquld this great enterprise
be undertaken than in this. city, on the
banks of the Mississippi, and among
the^ prosperous' millions who are builfl
lns iipamighty empire'arra" have add
ed to our flag, so many imperishable
s^u-# ?:;;•;'••>; ? \ ; ..'^.,>. ¦ j vliv
4 tProu'dIy"We hail this day and this
glprious qpcasioB and urifte with every
I^r, ,tif- > dut.<<:6unlry an'djfier; blessed
-InstltutTon^^ln bidding God-speed to
great-ex^po^lllon." .
¦~ FoII§wi^g\th,'e. speaker of the higher
branch of " Congress came the represent
aQV«?'^)f i-tHe -more numerous depart
ment^-*atiws"A.»/Ta-wney~of • Minnesota;
who spoke for- the'Natlfthar-Hou3e-"bf
Representatives. .He 'congratulated
"those who 'conceived and dcc6rnpllshed
this, marvelous .-result as "a mean's" of
celebrating the due. hundredth aniver-.
sary of the. purchase, of the Territory
of Louisiana" on their magnificent suc
cess. ¦ ¦ "' '.'
PATRIOTIC ACHIEA'EMENTS..
"'"'In design, in execution, inthe b°auty
and grandeur of Its full completion,"
he said, "the spectacle here*- presented
surpasses anything of the -kind the hu
ip^n «ye has ever looked upon. It has
been gathered; from' every land., and
eyCTy.' part of the fiabitable. globe to
commemorate that matchless and pat
riotic achievement wrought^a century
ago by Thomas Jefferson, who, as the
President of a feeble -republic, .taking
advantage of the, necessities of Napo
leon and the aggressive;, designs of
Great Britain, wrested both r ,ani
empire greater' In area £nair'that'"'ter
ritory plucked* from" th*e British crown
by the Revolutionary War.":
"The declaration of July, A, 1776,- gave
us national^ independence and political
liberty. Tile acquisition of the..Terri
tory of Louisiana safeguarded both,
and, In addition, gave us international
freedom and the power to protect.our
selves ' and . tHe republics to j the south
of us from foreign aggression, or terri
torial aggrandizementi" .*.H.-
For the .domestic exhibitors Edward
H. Harriman, president of the "••New
.York commission, ..after., compli
menting the president and directors of
the exposition, spoke upon transpor
tation matters and gave. a brief outline
o'f his ideas In managing his vast rail
road properties. He said in part: •
• "Formerly the management of short
lir.es of- railway was vested In one per
son with autocratic power over his sub-
or^Jinates. • Now affairs" of large rail
road systems are -administered by an
organization .of officers, each peculiarly
fitted by education and experience " for
the administration of his particular de
partment. Through 'co-operation of
these officers large economies are being
effected, service improved . and its cost
lessened, benefits, which- always Inura
to the public .i- : ii ! ;" ; v»; . . .; ,*-
RAILWAY COMBINATIONS.
" "'The combination- of'* different rail-'
ways should be' regulated by law. ¦ Ro
f ar^as may . be necessary ;the - pybllc iri?;
teres't 'should * be^p'rotected | by ."'law/-' but
In so far "as the law Obstructs such
comblnatiqns. without .public- benefit it
is unwise and prejudicial, to the public
interests. ..._.<
"Any one familiar; with this subject
knojys. that ihe Rubljic ; l5terests.:,ha v'e
best "' been subseryed* ;so far as ; the
States are r concerned," where legislation
has, beetf;upon enlightened v and reason
able lines,' and not where It has been
radical or hostile." ; ' *~
-In'speaklng\ of '-labor:, Mr. Harrlman
said;" '. " " -j- ' - • '•-.•¦:* ¦.-;¦ . ';:'¦"¦: ¦
"In" the 'division of '.labor we' have
nec'essarily- different !clkssers of work
ers,'some of whom have adopted: the
co-dperative' idea by forming organiza
tions by which they seek to better their
conditions.- ,-iNo^ doubt, each "' class };¦ of
workers •. has •-. Its ¦ particular; interests
which • imay. be : legitimately Improved
by co-operation among ; Its ."membe'fs,'
and this far thelabor organization has
a lawful -'•puFpose;Vbut> while _standlns.
for •its*; rlfrhts' it cannot legitimately,,
deny, «to any class; its rights, "nbrj
should it po to the^extent of -Mnfring-":
ing 'on "the personal and inalienable
rights of. its members : as individuals.^
Qn the xon'trary, itfmust accord : to its
own .members and I to others ' the* same
measure of, justice that It. demands for
itself as an organization." . ; ' , .
The speaker for the foreign exhibit
ors was .Commissioner General Michael
la Grave" of France. .*>}
The chorus of "America" was then
sung, and the HOnV ' William, R. . Taft, !
Secretary of War, acting as the repre
sonta'tiA e'of : "the, President of the Unit-*
ed States, delivered the last address bf
the day. He spoke as follows:.,
- «TEPS OF MODERN PROGRESS. '
"Mr. Chairman and Fellow Citizens:
When one sees the expense knd the ef
fort andenergy necessary to make the
exposition," the opening of which we
cflebrate to-day, it is natural- tri doubt
ifhether the eood is commensurate
#ith the costl In less than a year this
plty.of magnificent structures will have
disappeared, this collection of every;
thing ( from 'every where will have ; been
dissipated and" nothing will remain but
the site where it was, but the memory
of its beauty and grandeur. The doubt,
though a' natural one, is only evidence
that we do not believe as ; w» should,
the meaning of this exposition. It is
a j mile stone in the progress of the
world. | Each nation is striving to show
how, since (he last, world's exposition,
it has handled and added to the talent
confided to its care. This is the union
of nations In a progress toward higher
material and spiritual existence. It is
the measuring \ rod "of that for which
myriads of hands and myriads of
brains have been striving— an increase
In the control which mind and muscle
have over. the Inanimate resources that
nature furnishes. Not alone in the me
chanical sciences, but In" the fine arts,
in education, in philosophy, in religion,
by comparison of the leaders of
thought had In ; personal conference,
are all of these steps of modern pro
gress marked, and while the buildings
and the machines and the congresses
and. the beauty and the glamor and the
pomp of such a celebration and expo
sition as this shall pass into memory,'
and every material evidence disappear,
the measurement , that thev make of
progress, noticed as it is in the history
of the world, becomes a benefit to man
kind/the value of which cannot be ex
aggerated. It reduces the size of our
world in that it brings all nations Into
one; small locality for a time. but. it
increases enormously the efficiency 'of
those engaged in carrying on '.the
world's progress, by enabling each to
gather the benefit of the other's work.
•'¦¦¦ + • i r - ¦ r ' -¦-•..'.„¦. •¦ * v
CAPACITY . FOR EXPANSION.
"Speaking to-day pn. behalf of the
President of the United States," I can
not but recall. the admirable and dis
criminating address which he delivered
here a year ago upon the historical and
political significance pf that great pur
chase of terrltory'Syhlch this exposition
commemorates ;- how forcibly he point
ed the tremendous^ capacity for ex
pansion and absorption of peoples ojyr
peculiar 7 federal" "system, with its p*TO
vision-for-the b!rth;<fc : new States, al£"
forded: how new It wjfe when this Go\i
ernjnent began, and yet' How -quietly;
successful has been Its- operation, until
now it seems -so natural as to involve
no surprise 'oii* admiration at all. . I am
sure I may "be pardoned- if I invoke at:
tentibn to the/fact that we have at fhis, :
£Ke'centfJiar>'. of .the 'jjurcbase of, Loui
siana, entered upon another and a dif
ferent'- kind' of which \in
yolvea the solution of other and differ
ent problems from those presented in
the Louisiana purchase.' They have
been forced upon us without our seek
ing, and they must be solved with. the
same high sense • of . duty, the same
fearlessness and courage, with which
our ancestors met' the startling prob
lems that were. presented by the addi
tion of this wide expanse of territory
of Louisiana.
"That they may _not and prob
ably will not be solved by confer
ring statehood ur>on the new territory
is probable. Augurs of ill. and ruin to
follow from the experience and the so
lution of the problem are not wanting,
but they never have been wanting In
the history of this country, and they
never have' been allowed to control the
fearless grappling of. new problems by
Americans. We have probably reached
a period in the great wealth and pow
er which . we have achieved as a na
tion in which we find ourselves ' bur
dened with the necessity of aiding an
other people to stand upon its feet and
t8ke a short cut to the freedom and
the civil liberty which we and our an
cestors have hammered out. For the
reason that this centennial of the Loui
siana purchase marks the beginning of
the great Philippine problem,, the Gov r
ernment of the ; Philippine Islands has
felt justified in "expending a very large
sum'of. money to make the people who
.come, hgre .to r commemorate the vindi
cation of the great effort of American
enterprise and expansion understand
the conditions which j surround the be
ginnlngr of another. Those who look
forward with dark foreboding to the
result of this new adventure base their
prophecies .of disaster on what they
think is the weakness of the American
people! Those who look forward. to its
success base their judgment and their
optimism on. what has already been ac
compllshed'in the islands and on what
they know the American nation can
do when an emergency and an inevita
ble necessity present themselves. -'/^
POWER OF AMERICAN PEOPLE.
. "Without being *blind to the diffi
culties and dangers, it. gives me the
greatest happiness to know and to say
that the President of the United States,
whom • I unworthily represent to-day,
is. glad to take his stand among those
who believe in the capacity, of the
American people, when aroused by the
call of duty,* to solve any problem of
government, however new, which de
pends solely on the clear-headed, the
honesty, the tne. generosity
and the self-restraint! xit the American'
people." . -
The conclusion of the speech of Sec
retary Taf t was the signal for the open
ing of .the fair;"'- In -the .White House, at
"Washington -President Koosevelt was
waiting for' the signal which was to
tell him that the proper moment had
arrived to touch the golden key that
would open the fair in earnest and set
its manifold machinery In full opera
tion. ' ! .,. . . -;
Secretary Taft had not turned to
resume his seat after, concluding his
speech . .before, the; signal had .been
flashed to Washington over the wires
of the Postal Telegraph Company. In
stantly there was a returning flash,
which started the machlnery.Jn Ma-'
chlhery Hall in operation.
Strictly speaking, this was all that
was accomplished by the Presidential
touch on the* button at Washington.
Operators here were waiting for the
response from the White House and as
quickly as It came they touched the
keys which released the fastenings of
the banners which were secured to
staffs on roofs of all the large ex
hibition palaces. This portion of the
work, as far as could be seen from any
one section of the grounds, was per
fect. Every banner apparently caught
the same breath cf air. and unfurled
and 'floated out as one.
SIGHT. FULL OF BEAUTY.
At the far end of the lagoon the
Louisiana- monument was the place
for the cascades.! "This portion, of the
ceremonies' had greater Interest for the
people than apparently any," other fea
ture of the. opening. ' . ' ' !
Hundreds of thousands of eyes-. -were
focused .on the three white.- ¦Tnclinfs
that . extended . from the colonnade'" to'
Vhenagoon.-ftasln. The first gljnt. : . of
white ' the summit of the -.' in
clines was .greeted with. 'a tremendous
cheer/-.wl{icii! deepened ? . as • the great
'floqd of water came splashing tumulf
ously down to the lagoon 'below.
% *It was a~ sight lull of beauty and the
great | crowd which vuitnesse'd. it appre
ciated and applauded to the' full.
.Simultaneously with -the rush 'of the
water all the bands burst forth* at v once
into the strains of the "Star-Spangled
Banner." Every 1 mah^in the * great
crowd I uncovered and when, the last
Strain of the . martial . song ha'd died
away the exercises were finished and
the exposition proper had commenced.
The .first, feature"; of IV the. 1 exposition
was the concessionaires' parade. -This
was made up of all the different fea
tures, which will figure on the "Pike"
during the life of the exposition.
The "Pike" is to the St. Louis expo£
sition exactly what the "Midway" was
to the Columbian Exposition in - Chi
cago. - The . features, though I different
In character, furnish . • practically ' the
same form of amusement.- There were
in this" parade some who had actually
been present upon the famous Midway
eleven years ago, and many who had
not been seen or heard of at that time.
This procession^ with its' diverse unique
attractions,, gave -much., pleasure and
delight to the crowds, which cheered it
most enthusiastically during the en
tire length of Its line of march/
ROOSEVELT STARTS THE MACHtHEBY
At the conclusion of Mr. Carter's afl 1
dress President Francis happily intro
duced a member of the United States
Senate, who spoke on behalf of the se
nior house of Congress. This was Sen
ator Henry E. Burnham of New Hamp
shire, whose address was as follows:
"Accepting the invitation of the •Loui
siana Purchase Exposition, the Senate
of the United States responds through
Its committee and/ joins with' Its greet
ings and congratulations in these formal
opening ceremonies. The occasion that
brings us here has no parallel in the
history of nations. If we conslderthe
event that is now to be commemora.ted
we find that no domain like that of the
Louisiana purchase ever passed by
peaceful means from beneath j the flag
"From comparison of production
ideas destined to affect the future -'o'f
the world will be involved. 'Material
progress everywhere will surely^e"
heightened and strengthened ',In".-con
sequence. From the co-mingling of peo
ple social forces will be set in' : motion
laden with far-reaching results. ' - ' t - ' t
"In the name of the national com
mission I extend to those who are here
and to those who are coming a hearty
greeting."
scale of unexpected generosity. This,
unrivaled presentation of peoples a'ncf"
governments from abroad and the large
home participation places upon'the eTC.
position management a weight of re
sponsibility which, like the exposition
itself. Is unprecedented. With justice,
courtesy, fair play and hospitality as
watchwords, from the gatekeeper up. to
the president of the company, all will
be well. - " ¦':'. .
' Our home folks of" the States, .T"er
ritories and districts of the Union hajSb
combined to honor this occasion on a
FAR-REACHING' RESULTS.
. "In stately architectural display, and
In exhibits of ; . their- achievements. in
science,, art and industry, the Society •&&
nations assembled here In generous
competition calls forth acclamations
of approval. and. we greet them as our
visiting neighbors and friends.'";! "
MAYOR EXTENDS WEDCO3IE.
President Francis then introduced
Mayor Rolla Wells of St Louis, who
spoke briefly, extending to the people
of the United States and to the resi
dents of countries abroad a cordial
welcome to the city of St. Louis until
they should visit the exposition.
Hon. Thomas H. Carter, president
of the national commission, then spoke
as follows on behalf of the body of
which he is head:
"An act of Congress, approved
March 3, 1901, gave national recogni
tion to the exposition we this day open
to the public. In appropriating five
million dollars In. aid of the. project
Congress expressed the nation's ap
proval of the proposal . to fittingly
celebrate the centennial anniversary
of the great historic event the exposi
tion is intended- to commemorate. •'
"By Joint action, of the national
commission and company the work of
women In connection with the expo
sition has been placed in. charge of a
board of lady managers appointed un
der authority of Jaw. r "The friendly,
disposition of the National Govern
ment had been steadfast from the be
ginning. With cheerful alacrity time
for- preparation was- extended v tfne
year by Congress upon request of the
company and a. loan of $4,600,000 was
made by Congress to meet all obliga
tions of the exposition up to this day
of opening. If the original appropria
tion of % 5,000,000 be added to this
loan and the aggregate amount
directly and indirectly expend
ed and. authorized by . the ¦* Gov
ernment for construction and of
ficial exhibits upon the fair grounds is
taken into account it will be found
that financially the United States is
to-day concerned in the exposition to
the extent of nearly $15, 000,000, thus
practically duplicating in this 'cele
bration the price paid for the libuis
iana Territory 100 years ago. " ¦¦'¦"-: \ .
Il!uzcl&» Thou each pathway here.
To «hpw the ¦ raanrels God hath wrought
Since first Thy people'6 «hief and seer- is
Liooked up with that prophetic thought,
nade Time unroll V '. - .,
The fateful scroll.
And ennrire unto Freedom gave •.
From cloud!and height to tropic wav«. -
Poured through the gateway* of the ' North
Thy mighty rlvera Join their tide, ,;•••
And on the wing* of morn sent forth ,
Tbelr mists the far-off Deais divide.
By Thee uneealed,
'•,-¦'¦'- The mountains yield ' •'. ,
Ore* that the wealth of Ophir shame,
•And gems enwrought- of ser-en-hued; fiatte.
Lo. through what years the soil hath lain' ¦
At thine own tlm« to give Increase — .
The greater and the lesser grain.
The ripening boll, the myriad, fleece!
Thy creature« graze
Appointed ways:
League after league across the land '
;Tbe ceaselees herds obey Thy hand.
Tnou. whose hlrh archways shine most clear
• Above the plenteous weetern plain.
Thine -ancient tribes from round tht epliera
To breathe Its quickening air are fain:
And erclles the sun •
To eee made one • . ••
Thejr brood throughout Earth's greenest
*2ace, - :.
Land of the new and' lordlier race!
And llTt a cation's heart anew!
To-day you eee the. consummation of j
their' efforts. . \
.i "So <hproughly does U represent the
y.-.orld's civilisation that if all man's
•utlier works were bv some Unspeak- j
able catastrophe- blotted out, the rec-^
onis- here established by the assembled
liiTiior-s 'would afford; all necessary
standards for the rebuilding .of our en
ii're'civilization. " >'i -
./'•The Louisiana Purchase Exposition
held '"in commemoration of the acqui
sition of aii empire by a deed of the
pen. saiutes the ..representatives, exe
cutive aid legislative, of the Federal
Government,- and tenders most pro
found ' thanks for the recognition ex
tended ar.d assistance rendered. It ac
knowledges obligations to States and
Territories and foreign countries for co
operation and contribution and makes
its obeisance to commissioners and ex
hibitors.
"Open, ye gates. Swing wide, ye
portals. Enter herein, ye sons of
men, end behold the achievements of
your race Leara the lessons here
taught and gather from it inspiration
f cr still irreater accomplishments." j.
. '¦.¦-: DELIVERS THE KETtS.
At the conclusion q£ his address
President. Francis Tecognlzed William
H.-..Thoinpson- cf the committee on
grounds and bufidlnsrs, trho presented to
President Francis Isaac 6. Taylor, the
director of works. Mr. Tavlor deliv
ered to'. President Francis the- keys of
the exposition and presented diplomas
of nierlt. to the -chiefs of his staff.
•After the .rendition of the march
"iKHiisiana" by Sousa's band. Presi
dent Francis transferred the exposition
bufiainffs to-Frederick J. V. Skiff, the
director., of ..exhibits, the performance
being, emblematic of the fact that the
buijtyrrg* had been erected by the men
in; charge.. of that. portion of. the work.
and'^ere ziow; ready and' waiting for
the installation of the exhibits there.
Mr, -Skiff made the following address: .
, VAn. 'exposition is a vast museum In
xn'btjLpn;-- • A;n- exposition. is A collection
of exhibits... The genius of an exposi
tioii is' the composite exhibitor. The'
horizon- Is only slightly broadened when
yoxi.raake -the extreme statement that
everything within' the boundaries' of
this exposition is &n' exhibit,.ls a mani
festation-of. some thought, is the ex
preEslpn of ?ome grenlus, is'thetnark of
Softie triumph, in a world, .at a time
when : the - battle of .brains : is being
waged v.lth ! the greatest Intensity.
. competition,- . strife arid
friction:- .are - - essential- to, • progress,
.lyithout'th^se* nations would sleep and
xiien wQulddie, .. ''
'•• vprhe. aggregation of the productive
ness of. rr.aji displayed at this great
.festival' &fr progress in\ites o. rather
contradictory, reflection. It 'both levels
arid esta-blishe's .distinction. To rae, a
ipoEt' magnificent fact brought, out by
the* exhibits is tlie coincidence of ad
vancement" on jrertain distinct lines in
sections remote from each oither, wide.-'
ly; apart in native and acquired attri
butes': at.-once Oenoting the comAanity
:of thought throughout the .wortd".^ ~ . ''¦
' ''.¦S5TI3IULATE THE FACULTIES.
*• 'The school, thecollege, the univer
sity-, stimulate the faculties and im
"nrove "tli-e intellectual conditions of In- ''
dUiduaJE. The museum Improves the '
social conditions of a community. The
exposition impresses its educational
benefactions upon the world. The plan
and scope of this exposition uttered at
the inception of the enterprise was con- ¦
.sciousJy .intended .to give it* full ex-;
presEiqn and ultimate outcome a dis- '
tinct educative character. The classi
fication itself, the rules and regulations
of the exposition, 'the selection of the
"material, the arrangement of the in
.diyidual topics, the catalogue, the <Jem-
onstrations, the" provisions for the jury
system and the .incorporation of a co
ordinate congress, each constitutes an
"essential, factor .in .giving; to this ex
' position • the. elements of' the univer
•sity, :th» museum, the manual train
••lnj:' : BchooL and* the library, while over
.and.. -above it -all is the record of the
• 'social .condition* of mankind, register-
ing 'not only the culture of the world
•at*" this time, but indicating the par
ticular... plans, along which different
¦races and 'different peoples may safely
;: proceed, or'- in fact, have begun to ad
.\vanpe".'toward a" still -higher develop
•.roent.*"' .. .' .
'..•Tha. grajid chorus "Hymn of the
.jVest'.' .was then'eungby a choir led by
\ klfred Err.st. The music of the hymn
Vi-ats bj s ,John Knowles Paine, and its
wcyds'wepe written by Edmund Ciar
. ence StedmaH. •*? was, as follows:
¦'_-'¦ '- ' « V M.*i .TO THj: WEST.
*: .. • ¦ftotlie'fcair. £t. Louis. 1904.
.O. Thpu".*»1iofce KloriouH orb* on "high
. Eiijtird -th« earth with pplendor round,
Frf-m out Thy -secret plac« <Jr«w nlsrb
• .The courts and temples of this ground;
,'• • Kternat Llrht.
nil »-lth Thy mirht
• Thoee i'/<ir>* that in Thy purpose erew.
Continned From Pace 27, Ctolamn 7.1
DISTINGUISHED ORATORS: tEVIEW GROWfHrOF:: THE NATION
* THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; MAY 1, 1904.
28
ADVERTISE2G2JTS.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
APVEBTTSKTffENTa.
(fr^y\(S^^ °° rts its brilliancy find
'cuiliad v!r plumage droops, and
* no exception in " na-
ttire to the rale that beauty depends on'
health.'. ¦ ¦: - - *" •''
Women Who see their beauty waning
rarely associate the external ; change
with failure of the womanly health.
,They do not understand the . close rela-
tion of ; the , general physical health to
the health of: the delicate womanly, or-
ganism, until after being cured of wom-
anly diseases by the use of Dr. Pierce's
•Favorite Prescription they find the color
returning to the cheek and the flesh to
the body.::; . ', '¦:. ¦¦ ". . . ~ : .: \ ::; ,:!'¦¦ ':p+\
'.*.' tt Favorite*.- Prescription "? establishes
regularity, dries weakening drains^ heals
inflammation' and ulceration and cures
female '-*.-
~-."8eTeral vears agro I was very poor Jy," Writes
Mr*.* May Kelley, of , 8ylvia. Kapi," "ao.wcakl .
'could hardly waft acroee the floor, and at tiroes
Buffered : severely. . I 1 took two*bottles of'Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription and got well and
hardy— gained ¦ twelve pounds in two i months
and -was the picture of health.' Your medicines
hare cured me. Almost everybody I meet says,
'You look so muca bettrr than you have for
Several years; you look well now. 1 " . . ,
'rl^FaToriteiPrescription " makes weak
women strong, sick \ women ,welL Ac^.
cept :J. no'^ substitute /for I* the / medicine:
which • work's , wonders for weak. women, j
Pierce's Pleasant 4 Pellets • are ¦ a"
lady's ; laxative;: ; Nothing 'J equals ; them
for ;"¦ gentleness and : thoroughness. ' ': \-
The Wonderful EleGtrp-Ghemfc - I
HOME TREATMENT!
Some of ta« aoit «acce«stul Bloctro-Citinio ear«s haro D«aa aoooaavUaa.ad
by the home treatment method. A complete Electro-Cbenie outflt ia Jbaaea to
the oatleat tax the home treatment, ti— of eaarre. To mala the results of
the home treataaat absolutely sura It is always best f cr the patieat to- visit th.m
office for a thorcrajra pexsoaal azamlaatloa whea possible. Xa the majority of
lastaaoes tat patieat caa return home the same day, takia** the accessary treat*
meat alonjr. When it is impossible for the patieat to visit the ofioe, fall ttr-
strttctloas are forwarded,- free of eaarre, for home examination aad treatment.
Sir. J. O. Dunham, a well-known reatleman. llvtnc at Kio Vista, CaX, tells of
Ids woaderfal cars. by, -Electro-Chemistry by- the horn* treatmsnt method. - . .
'"^^Sy^^ - MR. DUNHAM'S TESTIMONY: "I had be«n
- ¦ ////^MMfegis^a * treat mfTerer for a Ion? tipie. I employad
ff.j.jjS^f^"^ many doctors «nJ took much medicine without
'!rlx!Sj? : ' %.-¦> '^*fc * ny b * n ' flt - I lost strength ar.d flesh aria
»U<inBvfe''' ' WaS unabI * to ' at - Th<! Uttle-I dM eat d!s-
•ffn&& ' ** r * e< * wlta . mjr utomach- and icave me no
/.YMr'^-'if 1ft r if lei' strength. My trouble was constitutional c«-
- - /ilfflSB^^^HBSCfe^H -'mifl tarrh. which I believe, had I not learned »»f
/ /KS&VjLiM tMs it the Electro-Chemic treatment, . would have
/ Il/W&SL '¦ i?- l Jj\m'i finally ran m» Into connumption.. On January
' IfJwS&k/A/st .» • i&isAiwtAl 5th of thIs year l went to th^ Electro-Chentlc
' ffffrmmm^mty {tf^mWW'Mmll Institute for a thorough examination Th«
1 1 If! I 1 VBHPa^^MS / '«Bff)/ tvjH'l Klectro-Chetnic soecfallsts doscr1b«d ray con-
<fff/lw&9r4 1 '^SviiWLM&tU ¦ dltlon to me as u had never been deacribuvl
It! I Tw/^O ... before, and they told me they could cure m*:
/(//// YsfflrT^^iiVi irfVas/^WW? ¦! Upon this as.«uranc<» I tooX up the Electro-
i'mf SAfUl •¦'V • *^*. |»K*l/ffiE<" Chemlc course. They loaned . me the horarr
' ' tSrisUx C*-.'T',, \ n laflkJ/ingS treatment outfit and I returned home the saws
'lr^SSie9kl> *»"'"•" i"^18Sl^^ : ' dar * ta5tln K a cour*» of homff treatment with
¦AWSy'SEK^ }fi*' I Tv^V^^ me ' I toolt the Electro-Chemic home- treat*
• n JMHHTmBfl. *r 1'- Jfct?«^SS> ment for three months aad was thoroujrMy
flBf/TiWtWWtefcj- >-i / '* iHSSS&SSSS - cured ¦ In ' erery way. I gained twentj-fl«e
'llTtliniim>Wirfl>^BWi fftsaiiiTiT' rounds durins the three months and am «tul
««SlUfc WSH&2Z J& 7,1 l^^Ql famine. I can eat anythins and it a?ree.*
Til 9\ wSStiUilttmr) ll I tK^S^ thorousrhly with my stomach. My lost strenrtli
\\n\l2x8imJvlSrJl iJ^^^ b * s f«t«">ed and every organ seems to b«
iRraa»U»vC. llll¥^ working in a r*r?ectly normal manner. . It
a\«SK*Sa l I .fSSlS " eems *? me that Persons lfvlng ra the
country, where adequate mfcllral treatment Is
3S Very oft ' n irnoowrtWe, it woyM tw: very-wli
\0 -Alll mlW\V%jf//M»'V i - rpr * uch » attents to iavesttKate tha Klectra-
\^ Ml K\\t\V\\ ////// V s "- Chemic home treatment, because I feel that
\ > l\wTO k l\\v//A'tf \ ' when tht " snnd treatment is successful in
¦ ~ \' ~ * \S\\\)r I If ' - V cnrin» such a case as mine, chat no-ravn-U
\vAv# " too far advanced *ut what the- ESectro-Chectic
M" -'.» •¦ : . \ » ¦* f ' treatment will benefit the soTTtfrer from the
-«*» t ¦ f ntmi«; very start and cure th* patient quickly, thoc-
1R^?- S: DU £HAM, oughly and at a very small expense. Si R r«*!.
v -,^Bto,ytota,-Tal.^ - v : j. c. DVNHAM. Klo Vjysta. Cat. A
It takes. Just- a little loafer to ear* a patieat bv the home treatment thaa
it does whea the patieat is able to come to the office for uersoaal atteatioa.
The cares are sure; kowerer. aad whea the patient Cuds it impossible to come to
«ed wita absolute sac
Other Elertrb-Ch€lmic Specialties^
1 18 Qrant Ave., Cor. Pos^
t SAN FRANCISCO.
J0 a 0^ 1^!" 0^"" 9 ** m " l ° B P " and ' 7 ~ to * P- m - daily/ Sunday,
SEPARATE APARTMENTS FOR LADIJES AND QENTLEMfiy
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦\ A STATEMENTS
iW PflTRONS AND FRIENDS
JIMS! BELIEVING THAT CAPITAL
M : \r'S\ SHOULD RECEIVE A FAIR RE- ,
§& \££A TURN FOR ITS INVESTMENT ¦ '}
life «9Sl "AND THAT LABOR IS ENTI-. :
Wi 9l I - TLED TO WHAT IT EARNS, 35
W&«XZttxi OF THE BEST-KNOWN SHOE
TE&f' —^3 ' . SALESMEN IN SAK FRAN CISCO
W, M HAVE ORGANIZED THE RIGHT-
VK- ?M WAY SHOE COMPANY FOR
X^fcMy THE PURPOSE OF CONDUCT- .
ING STRICTLY '?'}'¦
A PROFIT-SHARING SHOE STORE -
PRorrrs are to be nrvrpED equitaelt. pro
RA.TA. AMO.VO Alii EMPLOTZS, FROM THE ER- . ; -
. . RAND BOT TO THE PRESIDENT. WHETHER THET .•- -
BB BTOCKHOU3ERS OK NOT. / • :.^- . - . . -' :
WE BELIEVE I
" . THAT INTERESTTXO ASAs PERSONS COXCVKSTD ' . . . -*
WILL. ENABLE U» TO COXDUCT BUSINESS AT • -'_
THE MINIMUM OP EXPENSE. THE PRICES WE . ? -
ARE QUOTING AND THE IMMENSE BUSINESS WE
ARE DOINO 13 EVIDENCE OP THE TRUTH OP
THIS THEORY.
SEE OUR WINDOWS FOR PRICES |
Successors to NOLAN BROS.^
SEEPAGES ~>-(r ' * *[t
45to5L <;- >M?M - ¦¦' " : "- : ¦"¦••*;.¦ " ::
(K BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS •
A TO LET FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED,
AM HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
\ TIONS WANTED, HELP WANTED, AND A THOU-
mm SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED-^
**¦ PAGES. 45 to si INCLUSIVE,' TO-DAY'S CALL.
W (^tW A MILLION AMERICAN BOTJNOTNQ i
R /J^r BABIES aro kept crowinff -with the de- B
1 1 S^^Z&k'L^ tisht o f livingr because their mamas havo P
jj Vl^^^^Sft^ learned to use OASOARETS Candy Ca- g
t-1 jf «*^ » l^ls**?*' thartic. Neighborly neighbors tell H
H . /? y V oacl1 otlier ot OASOARETS. and the B
|- f/ s - . kind words said have created a eale of n
fj f/ Ha over A MILLION EOXES A MONTH, ft
b lil ¦ fi||, It is easy to protect infants against a;
It III Talk children's complaints, because all-i
N -w^ "^** w theee Perils have their beginning in "m
p V5^ -^ j^r— stomach and bo"\rels, and we bavo L
& !*• tf* * • ~*^ %l^ OASOARETS a perfect medicine I
B^ 7 ITT J^A that wU1 alv;ra ys keep the delicate I
a &d£ A^^fe^fll/ niachinery in a child's body clean, |
S X\ Vt^ggBBfTOgayvHy regular and in -working order. Chil- b
| \ drea lj t lco tixe lit; tile candy tablet and P
U \ are kept safe from all stomach, bowel I
|3 \ c **^ r R^^ blood and skin diseases. All druggists' I
E m v «ii i^NwP 1Oo> 25c « 6 °c- NEVER SOLD IN BULK. |?
ji . *<^*^^Fffl^^^^_ Tne fireuuine tablet stamped W
\{ ' B^fe O C O. Sample and booklet free.- 13
I * "Thry make mt STEKLINO- REMEDY CO., I
\\ feet to 'goodf Chicajfo or New York is
M wSi^ ±SSf <e^^0 BB^b^hf eB
¦ _. C ' A ' Isr P^ CATHARVIC ¦^llCg^^i
1 ANNUAL SALE-TEW MILLION BOXES 1
|^ Greatest in the WopgdAssistant ; District. Attorney. Harris
said that he intended applying for a
wrifof r certlorari -to :have the ; matter
.taken .before the 'Superior Court "and
asked for a^staypf ten .days, 'which
was - granted.- . ¦ At his suggestion the
'Judge altered" the order by striking out
the clause as to ajcertifled.copy.of the
Judgment being sent. to. the Auditor..
•.•-¦. The cases of Policeman Davids and
Barry, cited. for contempt in.arresting
Beulah Williams after she had left. the
restaurant. •;.;.'" were continued till
Wednesday, : and ' the Judge intimated
thatv'any, policeman,; found guilty 'in
f uturei : of. ivlolatlng : the injunction
would be .fined ?100 arid the .fines
the .amount of .the, fine could be with
held - from the policeman's demand.
diers go to Sausalito . on Saturday
nights, . march four- miles to the , range,
bivouac I over .night. . engage In * target
practice on Sunday arid return to the
city. that night.- > '.-
Adjutant General Lauck has made a
requisition 'for; 50,000 rounds of .am
munition for. target ' practice, which
will 'commence "May Land: conclude in
October. ....._. -"¦'.'.. : ., .-.\ -. ; ' I/.'-'
Colonel . Wilhelm," inspector,, on the
staff; of the commander, in chief, left
yesterday, for San Jose^to inspect! the.
rifle 'range 'of 'Company /b of the, Fifth
and reporf.on^he.same, as. to. its safety
if used for. target •practice.'! ; , t "J, ;¦'?:*' *j>/---\S.
.As soon as^orders 'are ; received 'at
the' United • States army '.headquarters
in this city for the' summer; encamp-'
ment Adjutant General Lauck will is- :
sue orders for the annual encampment
of. the National ; Guard. • -.:*', • •' .* .•
The First? ArUllery.; Battalion ?i will
shortly/ pay /a^ visit to , the. Presidio ; for.
the purpose of spending, a day, prac
ticing at the guns. < v';.< ' ; ; .' ' '
. I -A; :.V First ;v Infantry., will
give :an "exhibition v drill and 'ball 'in
the ; Page-street "• armory ; on'; next 'Sat^
urday evening. The affair, > which" gives
promise ; of : being, a great ; success, . is An
the . hands \ of '.Sergeants | John; j Brady,
James Kelly * . and j; Frank * ••'« McCarthy,
Corporals :"A1- Dunnigan. .' J. i .O'Hara; !
Musician -J. ;Aiken : .;and'.V Privates'" -C; \
Johnson,* William- Deasy,' Joseph Open- '
shaw,; M. ¦ Grovers, .William^ Dusenbury ;
and aV, Figaro; • . • . • :? .. .' {
POLICEMAN FINED .FOR . '. .'
" CONTESfPT OF. COURT
Violates : Injunction ;;»ikI Judge Ck»k
Intimates That Future Penalties
;^iD^^ ; rieavler.' •*¦¦*'•'• '
~ Policeman- George 'F.-r Barry. ; who
was .'adjudged "guilty^of '. contempt Vof
court .by . •Judge Co^k;f or violating- an
injunction Issued to • Jean vPon,"?' pro-"
prietorjaf a' restaurant at 11 29 Dupont
street, : restraining ', police I from'; In
terfering ? with-'- his • busines, ; - was ' fined
*60> yesterday. -He! arrested - Jennie
Davis for. '.vagrancy after, she . had I left
the :;• The : Judge jmadet 'ah
order, thatj a^certified copy, of • th«. judg
ment Decent 'to, the Auditor so that
VIFAVING RIFLE RANGE *g^ftgfl
.JFOR NATIONAL GUARD
State .Soldiers Are Making Prepara
• tions-' for tho Arlmial Target Prac
'. • • - i*<« In 3iar1n Connty. : .
. A committee, sonsisting of iiajor
D. X. SmiXhi of-the;Fifpi Infantry. Cap
tain "W. -T. Gr^ttan .of the First , Batr
talion of ArUller/ ".and. Lieutenant
Beasley, inspector of rifle practice for
the artillery. National Guard, of Cali
fornia, on last Sunday visited the
camp'in-Rodet) V'alley. Marin County,
where the Tenth Infantry, U. S. A-..- is
located, under comapd of Major H. B.
Mhoon. The \-isit was for the pur-
pose of inspecting the rifle range there,
permission having been given by Gen
eral Ma.cArth.ur. The inspection was
lo ascertain if it would be practicable
to have the National Guard located
in .this city and vicinity proceed to
the" ranges there for target practice.'
. The committee was received by. Cap
tain W. B. Stokes and Lieutenant
Morris with" courtesy. and offered every
facility to inspect the range, which has
shooting distances of 200, 300, 500 and
1000 yards, with facility for x eight
i men* to shoot at each range at 'one
j time. After obtaining such , informa
j tion as desired the members, of the
j^ommittee were the guests of Captain
; Stokes. If arrangements can be made
jit is proposed to have the citizen sol-
would be increased for . further '.-viola*
tions. . HMI • ' - -A
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO GALL/; SUNDAY, MAY 1, 19O«:
Tourists returning from abroad can
now bring • through the Custom-hoase
free of duty all articles to the' value of
1100." except "cfears, cigarettes and
liquors. -
* Under the. auspices of the Improved
Order of Red? Men of this city there
will- be. produced In the Alhambra
Theater next Saturday night an Indian
drama, entitled "TVahcondah." The
executive committee managing the af
fair is composed of W. C. IJowe", Jo
seph Hagan. M. B. Ryer and James J.
Phelan.
An T^^^ti Drama.
29
THE EMPOBIUM
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
California Building at St Louis Call
THE EMP0EIU2I.
THE EMPORIUM.
I 1GQO Summsa* Waists 78c an* $1 **77i* *7^ \
5 <$§&*. T Lawns and !>iErig-;ish Percales ,. ' f
J! *-'%&$*\\ • ' we lound great quant tics ioitffijient to last one day. In order to raiirftDMia'C laorrcr - ;^ , ¦ -^^^r il^ ia f . f?^P-^ 9, n $?}$ ' a ,. ?r~T tt P" 0"» D^gmning Cif^-^ \ '*
I ••¦:-V^/' ••.*•* t«t the pcsiibiiticxvc wiil.p.ace on sa'.c for Monday while the q Jan- AL^ OHNIA& MiiWlMlgMBiP^^ 1 **^^^ ¦tO-mprrOW. . -lt.S a Ciean-i p Ot Olid lots and i^^7 |\>Ca '?
i '¦ •'•••¦• A^- my !a«ts— - , i i n ii ii II fi i ii i mi discontinued patterns. The assortment in- J^\J/$S\ iX*/ A " «
j: '¦ ' ¦ i ooo Colored Li wn and Engl-sh Percae Waists, v a :ucs -up to $2.00 ' , r ' -"" . .ClUd^.tabl.e''"clbth< f .'n^^ V^L S
- ''^N^^^^ivV each, zi . Striving all the time to better our service. Planning how. to towels, tea cloths triy cloths etc • wffi^ 1 f/£^\ %
t I i I f< r—^T :•- ! 4\^ jtrtmGm^E &fl (T^STt make shopping easier, more pleasant, more convenient, more profit- .,' r ,... -'. ¦ • ¦ •' • •". ., v , UmwlS\ir^ < \ //TT^ \ •*
I 7 II ;¦; I-.! iilLA 7O© Btitk $3mtf8J? able for our thousands of patrons, we now inaugurate still more -. ¦ J f are flttl "2- u P a n . ew home ' a hotel, a P la « >^»| K5\ |A^a -J
* } Wk - v i5%^" ' * ,- . ', . - m'M. »*¦ m „ , - in the country, or.only renewing your supplies of house- k ~5?/Hf*l >
v ( fJSQ^'j) A SaE P Ie Li ne cl Wash Waists— Sizrs 34 ™d 36 on.y.^ jmg- Liberal Free DeJvorles hold .linens, you can do better at this sale on manyC^i^^&rsJmMv- ¦?
v X • X\ yLa&xte.^ '' ¦ ue '" t 5= - > "° " up>v " d ' ? n M;ndav on >" • • **"*'*' .in addition to our regu ar tree fuourban dciver.es to— . ¦ .. things than youcould at the wholesale house, providing *V : *
v V '¦Xfi^^rZsrffrs* /mother Sample Line Waists—^ o-h up to each. s*a R^d Millwood MeW n« p « the wholesaler would sell to you. Here is a partial JL "^v^^^S^^r : '%
V \^^O:.V M rsv cn% $2*35 B-ve.ere '¦ Larkspur . : Fitchjurg ViUejo price Hsf ' Wtik I \ •*
\ ¦¦K^iH* hw white Uwbw^-R" ."-5° "•"«. s P ,c,»: . . $7.55 itei te j-taj,^ ¦;;*££.•••. &&& 9m +i&.i*,.»iM* ....63ollk I \ A*ff S
K ¦'¦¦¦¦ '<^gS? t **>:' i^2^ KiKi Wash Silk WaiStS— Gun mcrat and b ue, va us J^oo^tM-Jte Mil. Vai.ey San Amc'mo San L^renro Berkjley 60c Cream Dimask — Very heavy, 60 ;nchei wide .. 44-O \Hfl\\ f ¦ '%
fc« .-s. yjfp&ti *&5? ¦ r .$3*25 TiDuron H»yward* %:-' . JLOO Bltached D«m«k-rir.e tat n wrave, <pec:ai:y priced Tray Goth* -A Jirg-: lot of astortci malts. »ad kindt, 5
I :ltad»«a f w_WM«,-f. J .« ! ..«l*».o.™«.. ,,.,. S9.5O<o 9 f4.SO ; 0 a'ci-.p.u W =.,.og.,. .a a 3 ur when purged cly, Wed: ; ¦ J^ -^l** ¦•¦••¦ y -y ¦ So $
Z • • '• • • rj-!^ I J .^^i.,, 4.^ D -^;-; Pculuma. ./^ : Estudillo Be'mont Iiletoa ' Itiocie, sale price .* . ; • -. SLAB D * muk Toweling— Fait s-JTedgeaj deep red border, at less S
J • - KriCe InUUCementS IO t>liy . Kowto-. Coma SanC«rlo. Mwine. ?2.50DimVskCJeth«--Irirf.L!ne a ,'tyard.W,picS „ P'««t cort to miil, yard Bo «
S '¦¦•'. \-%r ¦ ¦•" '"'••'*' ' r* £^» *a- Jl/f j* I nado . V- Badea " C ¦' Redwood Beniela at . . ki.7Q tic Ho ™«PO« LU>«» TowellBj— All flax, Tety hetrj, food . ft
i. ¦¦'¦".¦ Women s Fine buits on Monday sanpa^ . &£?£;• L airO^ f V Se^T^S * 1^^ «
f . :,V: '" . . . * . ¦ . , Sfge . j-i . Va kj . Joicaon Men o Park t < •Richmond make, do««n ........... . . . . . $1,28 DU P er 7 MVe 'owela - 40 inche. long, red border, fhnjed X
k > WAtrt, bw here, can you toy all oik-lined voile su'tt (or 17.50, 530.00 tni $31.50? . Othtr. would chatge pu #35.00 Feminj S». San Francisco'' Palo A to Camp Taylor V2.50 Bltached Napkins— Fine do« damatk, all linen, e , en<U * m * e * d of *'-S° doxen, sale price,^^ each . . . tOO C
r .to']45.oo;frttbe:e. We ate show ng th m in black, blue and champagne color, it Gun; , T.nforan Stockton Camp Me:ker t mi inchci, doren . . . . . $1,88 *** W ' " uck ToweU— Principally linen, hemmed end^ large %
i -¦ • • ...... $27.6 , S30.0O, $32 5 Pnole MJbrae , Antioch Camp Pi<t. ai , $3.00:Ntpklni-Lsrp Dinner sisc, beaBti'felly patteroed. «,"*!' '"V ' * / • • •;•;•• W« «
Tcb SuiU — rhirr.bny;, !iwrt, lineai tnd percalesj select tor your turtmer outing whiie tiie lines and a**ortnient» are Tormey Burhnjame ' i^BouMin Cimp Vijjdon i doten . .'. . . ...... ...... $2,38 9 * nUC* Towels — Forty-four inches lony, dote weave; 9
* : ••tHicoiap-.ete . . . . $.2.5 ,$3. SO, SS 75 upta 32.5 - Crocicett . * San Mateo Ryde Monte Rio Tea Oaths— German damaik, all linen.' 35x35 inche.. neh *....... . ISO 5
J • SHK ShlK W*i«tSut«— foo-ardt, pongee. «ni fancv tilt.. *12.S , «14. B w >'f7S and upward Sirher Beretford ,r CollintriUe and un* camp. ¦¦ hemttltchoi. cach ...... . . . . . . . 68O ' And many Small lots of fitter mokes \*
I Safe of Superb Collection High-Grade I \SSS& \T hat Stirring 20% Off Furniture Sale Continues \
I Silver Plated Ware at About Half Price cutsets Choice of Any Furniture in the Store %
I Every housekeeper in the land is familiar with, the Rogers "1847" goods, manufactured by the Meriden gg fSo^ Considered fromthe Standpoint of high qu'llitles and-'lOW prices, this is one of the best I
g Britannia Co.. the best wearing silver plated ware to fee bought at any price. The ¦ beautiful pieces offered . in Champagne co.omacn. opportunities tO'buyiumlture that has ever Cbme to San ' Franciscans. Our regular DriceS- I
g sale area portion of the surplus lots and the patterns that the Meriden Britannia Co. have dropped from^ embroidered in cla.s.c ar e : ' : f rO m .15 ; .t0 20 per Cent: lower.than the average exclusive furniture hou-e From I
g ¦ .': •• ; - ¦ _ -. - - ¦ s ¦ =; their Y S assortments - We were more than fortunate in/ b « k designs, worth . hc$e evcry . d ay low pricca during.thc continuation of the sale we will Slow. you a discount Of 2O DCf Cent* *
i»; ¦¦¦ ;. : . ,' ¦. #<?=;^irtf // securing a goodly portion of this silverware' for our trade, the to- 35o Here is"an examp'e of the savings to be m»He now. *
K 515.00 fi'vt-picce.Tea.Set $14.35 , * <x 3-5° 'our-li k ht Candelabra . . . . j-to.oo N'ut Riw*. $5.91 TettttlS RaO m ttS I 19 B tjj VB Iff lS . ff Mr ¦ °2 '
£ U-oo^irB^.. . . .S/.95 iz£*M/\~s&£W fi';'' Vf -'- ; ' * ' ' J?g »teredin best grade solid- greens, glaze mohair plush; regularly $ 97 . 50, less our present 20 per & "? O S1)#2 "?
k' :' 54,0^ Crtam Pitci=w: . SI. 95 ' '^^K"^S*^ j:.j S O). er L.dle. . . .$#.4 RaCOUOt ' cent discount; special . . . . . . . . .... ..:.-. . . *P * CP« %M %M \
fc- : u-'o Butter .d^-«; .$2.25 • i^^'^^S i^St^^^Sr^x N-3> ¦» eE< 1 of . >ix »* dwt. "U47" Covars *
t 4 c 1 , e a (s 5 /. 6 7 — &^^ GL^ SSTfcSbb^.t&Sj 50o U0C LinOleUmS. Beginning Monday,
k 5 :.c>f O ,r-i'ct s^ 3 kin E s:t. .-. ¦ $ s .< 0 wb-skev F.aiiu. . $1.58 »w« *^,m^«ir Oaffvffviuuffi^ per square yard m *¦ vffC -J
t ':-•" - -" ---..^3.05^ >r.75 Tea eddies. .. . 5I.3S _ , uwn , Canvas or ie t, dark -^^ T**mmmm*m4mm.mm C9^. -~ — # xnwnrf Hnnri *»ri *+ **¦ *
w - j, ; c^;,-^p; rrt ,,« t h..S.c 5 4 . 5:)fbur . btt j e C asrrrs..^./5 "^I^SS^r^^ b uc or, green, conven- tSUC § 3B3&Sti*y BB*MS$GB$a f®.^ ' G&f* *
|, 5s.^ : .whv.c e vF«ks v <i.95 57,35 6=c K.iie Reia'. . . ... 38o AGootl ~J}\ ' \ ¦ ¥oT . one^yeek.^Avhile'quantity lasts, your choice of our entire ' - .'. -J
\ . S3le SimOO SUkS 53C Sale Of Fine TrUnkS ar §8c° and the assortment of- patterns^to select from a is°excel"entl : j
t $1*25 Dress Goods 69c Monday and Tuesday colored cotton, pg| Boys' Pants ana -^Mf I Bath na Suits I
" - " and concealed spreader," J> mMaame* «»# Cif%** ~ MstsSTft • •••¦--¦•^ «»«««««^ . .
k- •¦'¦•• -¦ ThTee- Specially priced groups of the Silk- Awe i built trunk — DaS-WCOd bOX, Wate: ¦ -L: /_/ u.C j- •« ¦ w' g9OU9 °S mW OUO V^« "'. °ur moruncnt ot. Bathing Soita for men, womea and children, X
J. ».¦'¦* , *- . . • . * . - r 1 extra toot oar, deep The cants are stronr v made from ' rs 1^ * • . "*'« 'W^wiaM— »>te»oac • *
t : : ;rp0St. in demand at this Season of the year— proof painted, duck covered, hardwood strips, iron -ringed valance. cheviot, in navy bloe Tnd pliida ?4*^*&MZd? W " ew " 7 IC1 *° a I9 ° 4 ' "" aow rca^ 7 » "• immensc |
f Vome of the. styles not large in quantity, ' ther n.,m r e_ n,,,,i«r r ,t fln t i ft ,i,; i^h' i incn .|j nc - d; . ' • :: ind m { rxmct tp-^^ u u ,'_i.J v<«lP^ *«ietjr. . v
J- lotS-iCOntaimng hundreds Of yards— Silks for ¦• secret jewelry pocket, Women's . »p'cndid: quality, drab corduroy. • i|Sf'^|plV Women's Suits from $1.75 to $8.00 '• <«
i Shirt Waists U'itS, for Silk waists, for Silk gowns, L li F.~?:K^ l^^^ vs^^^n hit form nicelv sub- Pajamas that is really as good as the usual z/li^lt-iV^MA Men's Suits from 75c to $3.00 _ ' . $
f^siikcoat-youu-illfi.d-nthisoffernzju,, f^^^^B divided .Vay I ,a- «/2« ' Z^^^^.SOG «¦ w^v^^'K^a^SL*. «H-»d:^|
< ,what is needs! at pr.ces that should close {|M^g« dies' apparel, 2 extra Satine. b.ti.ta, n,.d. The £„„,„ . n j „•,,;„•,„ ;hc fa . »hit= br.id. .11 liM . .' ........ $ t.7B '*
K tnern-OUt 111 ShOrt Ordei*. v reSS tra >'S — Special ra$ » flanoeettes, etc., mou , K. & E. and Mothers' Friend >^^^^^B^a * Women's Alpaca Bathing Sola— Blaelc or nary blue, trimmed witi> white |5
( (Srovp I — Ertra.qba.jtv Talfeta SilK in fancy shades, such a< Y^^^^^^ .^^^^-^ the two days: well cut and we'l made. makes; a so some Star Waists in >^^^^^^®S ¦ bra ' d $2,25 ¦£
'¦ "reseda-, . stesl.'-navv, Hght D uc. avender, sky blue, pink, carri- N W/W/yfaWM&^Z^M'J/W^k *f 9R to Cf ttR ¦ broken »ize», that were 95c g'4|- y^^^^^^S^RJS Men's Cotton Jersey Suits — Two parti, sleeveless, black or nary blue . 75o V
: ¦^;-»£e,etr...'-|JiBehei wide, 85c values. Man- - <& W^^^^^^^^^ 34 in. too .50 >,St4.85 9M.Z9 $1.35 c,cb; .U now at one priJ. . fiOO Same .tyle S-pfcce «5ta for boy. . . SQ 6 -J
¦ :<iav bniy.-vird .: . . . .:. . . ..... .%3>i2G vj^^^^3^^JJB , 3& »». >si. S o s-'e. gfs.6 Gil ' MCtt'S COOtS and Rubher Bithltt * Ct^ *°C «> 8O0; **t}v. DS Shoe, .. 256 to $LOO' X
) •¦ /Grtiip 1 \2— -F»acy Slripcd Pongee or shirt waist suits, a fine ¦ 3? "•' t 21 S o ** e $1G,3B Vests " •*
r nktural-pongce si.k. witn a narrow stripe lengthwise in- Steamer Trunk- Made to match above dress trunk: ; eo^^f Half Price IO &OSe Sato FaUCy Btttl Staple ¦ j S
r: \: \: -r" 1 ? 1 ? 1 '«:ors. ..some have a fancy stripe about one inch' wide. - o in. $12.50 -be . . *8.3«5 34 in. * 14.00 «e .. $10.65 OUO Pair - , Th|nk 0 , a c tvIfsh *_. v Vv 'j GrOCBriest IV/fff#»o Minim-** ' '. 5
' lim^TCcaewercii^rted;^^^; |*b. Jaj.ls *&?toU>O It in. #,J. 7 $ •«• • SU.dO Good blue denim, red or P^k L t »Sl V^ .,.c *u * k *? * ?l W»O« # UtJUOrS X
M.ndaV, sa e nrice . . <S»C 3 8 in. <,c. 5 , fe . . : <t.O f . . rimmin... well made! oaina^ZS^ JShSilte^ Mondiy and Tuesday the big Up-tO-date |
t^!tr^r-^m^ &*.5OPunchSetS3.23 fo.^'-^-o^ grocery department, main floor, Jessie-street |
kJ-i4V>'.nobbe» effect running throughout. v«ue^«.oo the yard, A large 14-iuch punch bow. on a stand, fine imitation cu: <# „ ' o 7.50 C.«d V W'^S > H'coC and V *« M <lde » offerS theSe bl g SP^ialS: ; |
; > but.bjg bcyiDg>rought them to us at a price which enables g :«,, w hh one dozen passes, with 'hanfc'i to match, che.p ¦- ' ' c tnd V ' ?S « Iff n* ? 2 v"22 «n Oi -Cwase-fc BhekwdTa, ,«« bottles. fi/p J
f'.r'.'ui'to. include them" in the- sale to-morrow, per mm Q «t«4-qo MonHav on:y. set . . . ' .. $3,23 Handkerchiefs T *V * .,•' -- V T' * - 4 °; * IB : O0C -. ancI y "T*' mUU Lard- Bat Eastern, 3-pvond tia«, tor two dap ....•.....'.. jj© J
[•¦ ;.;;W.- .',.'.. .;'. ; .... ... . ... . WC 50c Jardinieres— New " >|ipes'. highy gazed, .haded - nro*ii BCoand 766 Su ff n B f^^Jorfo^ $2,9 S for Suits Won^ S.poHo-Handorscouriny, 4 eake. . , 256 %
[:|^/^« ? /-C/oflr-Themuchwamedfabricforthi,t 1 meorthc anJ ereen,. 7-inch. ize. Monday . ......... ; . 37c Embroidered .nd' hem^ \ Stryker's Sand b cap- A kitchen necessity/, S ban .. . . .- 5O© J.
j .>• v>eaj ( especia.iy. in this-c-imatc. in b;ack, navy, green, bue, red. China Salts and Peppers — Wuh china tops, no metal to po J stitched, T very Vajjh:. f' 00 .: wDan ¦ and . bow tie»-si*e; a^ t» 7 I'to neat mixtiirei, both C«n Soups— Campbell's, IX Lor W. O. M., aUfc'ndt, doxea. . . .9&O g-
i ./-Cetc,, >-i.oo'and- $1.2-5 aaalhits. specially priced i _ ih. a pretty gobe shape, wor:h "1 cc, very special va'.ue tr' 'minnfKtdref'i imper-" ¦' Ii « ht * nd a » rk / hadei - , Al» alot of. gJ od; 2 .piece and Norfolk jcket Eistern Chewe- Ma- tin's finest, special, pound fSo 5
V ¦: "¦¦¦. ; ; fo£ Mcoday-on> . . . .' . ... . . . . . . O*fC cac h \ . ¦ ; #Hfl ection • : IUlt *' "? me> 6 »»6c years, in plaidt, n.ipei an «£9 A it«fch-B«t bullc, 5 pounds , .' . . . f .*5O «
?' - : '•-•-; •• . . . ' ' ' ' ¦ ...,..,...¦, ..ftlOJ ectipn., : .. -| :nea t rnurur-.;, : lat. t h e on e ' P ric;;.. . .. b;ive, -.Choice Mana^b, gaDon, 7BO', ......... 2Oq |
Values Women's and Chi.dren's The 4 Gn Hans' ##'* T —** T*% E*»*in4 Thk~**** u****. - I <» # mm ±+- -La Ttm f * Bltnd Coffee " Worth 3° c • p 00^ 5 p 0 *^ .$UOB |
rAM#i«#AOM mm Y° nanS MI 8 B . MO i O f^lttt iltSngS NOW Sale Matted S^o or PearlTapoca-5 pounds ,2^0 5
-^ *^ l V? r rUOWWear U MUSIC as .And this is the: place to buy yourpaints, now that "renovating time b^i... p fl KSoK/o? 3 - porad^ 2^ feo1 " ' *¥; I
: : Wpm^s Lace OxJords-Finest yici k^d. with Sung by Them isheTe . A . m : line bf paints - for . ' the inside : : an - d;^ outside of : thehduseat Pictures 3c K^j^^SSg^^^gv^^V^B I
¦•.:.:;Xiull mat ki(3 tops, pliin toe, high LXV h-^els, Special 18o popular prices. . /,';• / . . Bright and attractive^water Ghirarde! Cocoa- pound. . .., 2O6 x
'¦ soles, as pretty as .the $5.00 and 5^6.00 All next week we offer- the J«P-«-Uc. The new wood fir i,h,..t« WS H. . color, fac similes of I and- j^' F J^J^ I gJ > .'J^;-,^; * * ' / .'fflj S
' •-.cln^tae #->iiV.<'^f-UI« 1-^ «r««^ r-Offn ai Ine at tne ornat.s, pt. can, enou{h,for one room. 4 4 JQ .Famty Paint 'Ail'colors, in sroad cim; where TV.oc *'* ro .^h n ;^ r^«r« Astl OOTOt E tra 50c tab^ wine, gallon ...-. . 37o X
•S.nOeb, COmr rtaDletO.Wear ....i'JtOi; Special price, per- COP V.. ,A;umirun»P.aint~Forff«fixtu:es,radators,«tc., buralittepabtisne* rd,can. . .->>So Anese are.CnOlCe. repro- cbj,^ wkkks— Od M:Brayer, National Cub or Maryland Rye, instead of §
* Woaen'j Btochcr Oxlords —Light wcited lots, medium hce s . fSc n" n *o" ' ' • - • • • ¦ 23e *nd 5~C. '¦ Lirol t-m.tnd 01 Cloih Varnish— A' very im- ' auctions Of popular Stan- | 4 .oogaion. . . . ..$3.25 5
! *• '/.'.. . .' 1 ••' ." ..-..,?: i .$2,50 '¦WnV'n'V'v Dr , .'"*! nt " r " H * r *'* nd n^, >«y ,«»«>«> 'P« r ,'. f^ r » nt «rtide,.wi • Uoube the wearing cfymr dardrSUbjectS, each pic- MatWhbkey— Parrr'a M-didnal, bott'e. : ... JQb X
' W/m»^«'« fjir# frrTantc- «i?h French heel €9/SH m-.tte Pu>Iic pi . . - .. . ... ... .$l m £O " kitchin or bath room floor coT.rlng, <jtt.r turebein2 eXCePtionairv Cabernet or Pa^undy- Extra 6-year-old wiaea, faHon 02o< *
' • * '•* * * '"in- Squ^" "IH Were Only .Mr.Mor. EnampHod-For.chair,, table,,: pctuxe.fr; mes,^ 75-, P'..' -#5O. .--.-:.. ,-- ..-;.. ? JS Tvr^ Champion Wh. key -9 V«rs od, J pn<a, S2.4O; bottle . 756 5
; CWI4ren> Soft Soled 5hoc$— 40 new sxy.es, sizes o to 4.. 50© -.. ,. Swi , t Popularity .. "-.;, Win t <t«^ «u colors, stnai cans zOo,*: .««- Brushom-^AcnU '.ine for general u^; fVem -. sharp, and .clear,, and you Tipachrant! iuiU-Sws» cony's pride # • ; 'i? *
! Children's- Lace* Shoes— Da; Kii top, patent colt skin, toxed ¦ q,, p<ree Pi .. .. R f ! r i'ift, "'¦¦,'¦ . -: ; ?i thiiae i-incKjccwrnbh brush, or' round- ' will . aeree with us that * 1-2 pints, 20c; pints, 30c; quarts, 5Sc 5
¦(a so ba-roo), .izes 5 to 8 . . '. . . ; "Sf.GO o- •• ';-. " Tu » enamel. Beit porc;iain bath erame. tash brush;, to the 40c 4-inch floor broth or the . they are -'WO.n'derfuI Val- Go'd Se»« Chimp $nt- Best,comesdc, pbts, dozen ....'... $B,OO «
J .'. ' • • ¦ ' - . • ¦ ' *' e ?' ' " '•¦¦/'"" : - nla < te,,«mailca-t.3j0/larte.can»g0c, lo g white briitlehous-:brn5h a^V>. .f figg" ' UeS at" Vach". ' . v . .96 J mrca Rum -Choice imported, large bottle .. $t,OO JThe building is quite a pretentious
one. The main structure is 50x100
feet and there is an addition at each
end in the shape of an Esquimau hut.
There are now six Esquimaux here,
who are native artists and have been
employed in decorative work. They
will be sent back soon and in their
stead will come five basket weavers
and ivory carvers.. .Alaska day will be
October 16, and it Is hoped to' have
the Metlakatla native band of fifteen
pieces here on that date. .
Minerals, furs, fish and curios from
the principal exhibit in the Alaska
building. On the way are moose
heads, deer heads, native eagle shields,
nuggets and many other articles.
The inside finish of the building is
of native cedar, which has a fine
grain and takes a splendid polish.
In the summer the agricultural
products of Southeastern Alaska,
which are said to be of excellent
quality, will be shown.
Mrs. Hart is especially proud of the
educational display and that of
women's work in Alaska. She gath
ered the curios, photographs and spe
cimens of native art, J. Davies col
lected the minerals, D. Fales, Forestry
Commissioner, supplied the cedar, and
Governor Brady secured the totem
poles. These poles are about thirty
feet high and represent bears, ravens,
frogs, or whatever may be the . em
blem of the tribe to which their owner
belongs. They are set in Alask/i in
front of the houses of the aristocracy
and compartments cut in them hold
the charred bones of the dead.mem
bers of the family. Fantastically, and
in some cases hideously ornamented,
they present ; a sight that quickly at
tracts the curious. \\ . .
ST. LOUIS, April 30. — Inside a for
est of totem poles, charm agsftnst any
evil that might come from the Igor
rotes or the bolo men not far away.
Alaska sits with her wares displayed
waiting for the world to see. The
novel sight of the grotesque polos
drew a great throng to the building
to-day and air were warmly welcomed
by Governor Brady of the Territory
and Mrs. Mary E. Hart, manager of
the exhibit and hostess.
Alaska has one of the most unique
and instructive exhibits on the
grounds and great interest is going to
be awakened in the Territory through
it. San Francisco is interested in the
advance of Alaska, as she derives
much trade from the northern Terri
tory.
Fence of Totem Poles Protects the
Northland Exhibit From
Evil Shells.
ALASKA TERRITORY^-
SHOWS ITS WEALTH
central section is Egyptian in design,
the color scheme being brown and
gold. The decoration is worked out
in many varieties of corn, . including
Indian, Egyptian, kafflr and broom
corn. Some cornstalks from fifteen to
eighteen feet in height are displayed.
Wheat, barley and other grains -in
sheaves form an attractive feature in
the decorations. Like all the exhibits
from California, Kings Corinty and
the Laguna de Tache will attract at
tention by the gr,eat variety of prod
ucts shown. . Besides the excellent
showing of corn and. cereals there are
many varieties of garden vegetables
exhibited in glass — peanuts, almonds,
castor beans, several varieties of edible
beans, seeds of various kinds, cotton
and tobacco. Alfalfa will be shown as
the greatest and best feed for stock
and dairy cattle. The exhibit con
tains" also a fine selection of fruits in
solution — dried fruits of many vari
eties and raisins.- The exhibit is em
bellished with many large photo
graphs illustrative of agricultural con
ditions in the irrigated portions of
Fresno and Kings counties. One of
the features of the exhibit is a model
forty-acre irrigated farm, showing the
canals, ditches and gates and alfalfa
and cqrn fields, orchards and vineyards
in approved proportions. The exhibit
is In the same block as that of Fresno
County and some of the features are
installed jointly with Fresno. A har
monious design and color scheme has
been observed throughout both ex
hibits. The whole forms one of \ the
creditable units of California's great
display. The exhibit is under the di
rection of W. N. Harris of Laton, Cali
fornia.
Kings County Joins With Laguna de
Tache in a Most Striking
Exhibit.
Kings County has joined with the
Laguna de Tache grant in its exhibit,
which is typical of the irrigated sec
tions of Central Calif ornisf The main
SHOWS FRUITS OF
IRRIGATED IiANDS
Raisins, the great product of Fresno
County, are prominent in her display,
which Is one of the most creditable in
the California exhibit and shows well
for the ' committee that arranged it.
The Laguna de Tache, Grant exhibits
alongside this county, as its 68,000
acres lie both in Fresno and Kings
counties. Charles F. Weyer is in
charge here for Fresno. The county
is represented also in the Educa
tional and Forestry buildings, her dis
play in the latter being a fine one.
The exhibit in the Agricultural build
ing is on one of the main aisles. Just
at the right of the main entrance to
the . building. The chief exhibit occu
pies a space 45x17 *£ feet In addition
to this Fresno is making the raisin
exhibit for the State.
The plan of the central structure is
Egyptian in design and very suitable
to the whole arrangement, considering
the vast amount of material to be dis
played in a. given space. There are
many pyramids and arches, cleverly
arranged to display the_ county's prod
ucts to advantage. Quite a departure
is made in the color scheme. Wood
colors and gold predominate, while
green and red seem to be the colors
adhered to by the other counties.
The display made by Fresno is a
rich one and it will set the people
from less favored climes agape when
they gaze on it. She shows wonder
ful raisins in great clusters, put up
in commercial packages and fancy
boxes for. display; Calimyrna figs that
rival the famous ones of Smyrna,
Adriatic figs, honey, cereals' of many
sorts, nuts, olive oil, olives, lemons,
oranges, canned and dried fruits and
marmalade. The Fresno Chamber of
Commerce makes a special display, in
cluding fruits in solution and raisins.
Display Is One of the Most Credlt
• able In the California
i Exhibit.
RAISINS A FEATURE
AT THE FRESXO BOOTH
albums of scenes taken in and 'around
the city. of Stockton. There are six
of these albums.
On the outside of the booth, ar
ranged in tiers in front of plate glass
mirrors, are jars of processed fruits
and vegetables and pyramids of olive
oil, wine, beer, preserves and aspara
gus. The base of the booth- is sur
rounded with glass-covered boxes dis
playing beans, cereals and grain prod
ucts, such as flour, germea and so
forth; seeds, dried fruit, nuts, maca
roni, and, in fact, samples of every
thing produced in the county.
Between Missouri and San Joaquin
County is a flat wall fifteen feet high.
San Jbaquin has covered its side of
this with dark red burlap and
decorated it with pictures, framed to
correspond with those in the inside
of the booth, maps and burned wood
signs. The color scheme of the booth
is dark green, dark red and ivory
white. The f rdnt and rear entrances
are inclosed with arched columns ris
ing twenty-five feet above the floor
level. The columns and arches are
neatly decorated with staff.
The booth is one of the handsomest
in the California section and this, to
gether with its excellent location,
makes it one of the prominent booths
in the building. The San . Joaquln
County display is completed.
The. San Joaquin exhibit is being
conducted by the Stockton Chamber
of Commerce and is in charge of Col
vin B.- Brown, secretary of the cham
ber. .He is, one of the hustlers in the
California section and has been very
successful In getting his display ready.
A feature connected with the Stock
ton booth that is sure to be much ap
preciated by San Joaquin County visi
tors is the fact that chairs and lockers
have been provided for the use and
convenience of Stocktonians and San
Joaqulnites who may visit St. Louis
this summer. As free seats will be
hard to find, and there, are to be no
free checking bureaus, the arrange
ment at the Stockton booth promises
to be a boon to the home people.
San Joaquin County's booth lies di
rectly in front of the main entrance
on 'the east side of the agricultural
building and is the first booth seen
by all' who enter at that side'. As this
east entrance promises from its loca
tion to be more used than any other
of the entrances, San Joaquln has an
excellent location. The space occupied
by this county is 30x35 feet and it
lies in the southeast corner of the
California space, being bounded on the
south by Missouri, on the north by a
State honey exhibit and on the east
and west by main aisles.
The booth proper is fifteen feet high
and is built ¦ tvlth i a , view: to showing
the exhibit material , on the outside.
Inside of the structure is a neatly fur
nished room, 10x12 feet. The walls
of this interior room are covered, with
dark red burlap, upon which are hung
sepia enlargements of farm scenes
typical of San' Joaquin County. The
smallest of these pictures is 2x3 feet
and ,the largest' is 4x7 feet/ The '; pic
tures are framed in redwood and have
brass name, plates, on" w£ich are print
ed descriptions of the . scenes depicted.
There'; are eight • of these pictures in
this room and they; form a very' inter
esting part : of the San Joaquin exhibit.
Against" the north .arid south walls of
the; booth are I Flemish , oak i with
chairs to match. On these tables are
Is First Booth Seen When Entering
the Agricultural Building on
the East Side.;
SAN JOAQUIN HAS
A GOOD LOCATION
San Diego Exhibits Growing Infant
Industry in Very Attractive
Form. v .
• The most interesting feature of San
Diego's splendid exhibit Is the silk dis-
SHOWS SILK FROM
EGG TO WEAVING
San Luis Oblspo County keeps apace
of Santa Barbara and her crayfish by
exhibiting the largest clam ever taken
alive. She does not look to this clam,
however, for her prosperity, and only
displays It to show that even the sea
yields bountifully on her borders. San
Luis Obispo exhibits Jointly with Mon
terey, Santa. Clara being next to them,
but not Joined. R. L. Janney is in
charge of the exhibit of the two coun
ties, and it Is of a unique nature,
though not 'appearing to as fine ad
vantage now as it will later on, when
needed material can be obtained. The
scheme of the Joint display is a grape
arbor with open sides and ends. At
present this arbor is 'covered with
sheaves of wheat and natural grasses,
but as soon as the grapevines have
grown their leaves genuine vines will
be used.
The exhibit has the length desired,
Mr. Janney relinquishing some space
so as to get a section best fitted to his
design. The space is now 17^x31 feet,
with a height in the clear of twelve
feet, which slopes to ten. There is a
rail, composed of alternate displays of
scenic photographs. and seeds. The en
trance is .on the *main aisle, and at
front and back are shelves on which
rest processed and dried fruits and the
various other products of these two fer
tile counties, including oranges, lemons
and highly developed cereals. Around
the rail is a unique decoration j of aba
lone shells, which are brilliantly colored
and make a handsome show.
The big clam weighs five pounds and
is kept in a glass Jar.
San Luis Oblspo has the world's rec
ord for pumpkins, having produced
one that weighed 380 pounds. Another
weighing 302 pounds has been kept in
cold storage since last January, and if
it is in condition will be brought on
and' given a place beside the clam.
This Exhibit Needs More Display Ma
terial, but Walts Upon the
Season.
SAN LUIS OBISPO
JOINS 3IONTEREY
Beautiful Santa Barbara, where the
great mission grape , vine that cov
ers land enough almost to make
a farm grows, is here with
the product of her field and
hill and the sea that murmurs ever at
her feet. C. N. Merrltt is in charge
of her exhibit Olive oil and beans
seem to be ' the mean features of her
elaborate Bhow, which is arranged with
a taste that brings much admiration.
True, she displays the largest crayfish
ever taken in the toils on the Pacific
Coast, but this 1b merely a side show,
a pike diversion from the main enter
tainment. '
In the center of this county's space,
also 18x20 feet, rises a stately olive
oil tower, which seems to almost pierce
the roof. On it are bottles of oil of
many varieties. Luscious honey is
shown in glass cases and all the va
rious fruits, dried and preserved, are
displayed. There Is also grain in
sheaves, showing the productiveness of
her cereal lands. Beans, the great prod
uct of Santa Barbara, 1 are honored by
being used for decorative purposes.
The crayfish exhibited is forty-eight
inches- long and Is in a glass case.
Some of the rival County Commission
ers .insist on calling it a lobster, but
Mr., Merritt says he will not have his
county known, as possessing the big
gest lobster In the world.
Beautiful Santa Barbara Makes Fea
ture of Her Beans and
Olive Oil.
LARGEST CRAYFISH
AS A SIDESHOW
Santa Clara County, whose miles of
fruit trees blend into a. seemingly
boundless ocean of bloom in the early
spring, and her chief city, San. Jose,,
are making a magnificent display. The
central . structure is of ambitious ar
chitectural design. It is of composite
mission design and to any but a Cali
fornian. who readily recognizes its in
spiration, it has something of the ap
pearance of a handsome temple. ' This
structure is seemingly built of prunes,
for every inch of it, save the base, the
Lick Observatory at the top and some
spaces occupied by fancy figures done
In dried apricots and peaches and
arched recesses where immense Jars of
fruit stand, is covered with this fruit.
It took six men nearly a week to put
this veneer of prunes on the pine ex
terior of the building.
When Santa Clara prepared to. ex
hibit at the World's Fair she decided to
make use of the world fame of the Lick
Observatory that greater attention
might be attracted to her display. On
the top of the mission temple stands
a large model of i the observatory.
Visitors seeing this- at once identify
Santa Clara with it and know, before
they read the names "Santa Clara
County" and "San Jose" over the
arches at which exhibit they are gaz
ing.
Exposition rules made one 'change in
Santa Clara's booth necessary and it
will appear a little different from what
the Santa Clarans will expect to see It
when they visit the fair. The low
mission doors have been broadened
into high and broad arches, too much
inclosure being forbidden. Quaint
mission bells hang in the low windows
at the top.
Electric lights glisten under the
arches and others are arranged to il
luminate many of the Jars of fruit.
Santa Clara exhibits almost every fruit
grown in California, Including lemons
and oranges. She has the largest seed
farms in the world and makes a com
plete display in this line.
Around the base of the booth car
tons of dried fruits with fancy designs
are shown. A magnificent display of
scenic photographs,' some of them lOx
13 feet in size, adds to the general
beauty, of Santa. Clara's show.
Some space is given up to a display
of; Maraschino, or cocktail, . cherries,
whjch glow rich and red In their pol
ished JarstNThis display is made by an
•¦EaaCern firm that buys nearly all
Santa Clara's crcp of this cherry.
,-Prune coffee. is dispensed free. •
£ Loyd Childs is in charge of the dis
play. The booth was erected under di
rection of William Binder, the archi
tect, who came here about April 1 from
San Jose. . • . • •» •¦
Santa Clara County Is Makinc a Mag
nificent Display of Her
Resources.
HOUSED IN PRUNE
BUILT STRUCTURE
Monterey,, refused to accept the change
as it .would not be advantageous f*» the
structure he, Intended to erect. A se
• riousTupturewas threatened when W.
j£ Harris of- Kincs.' to make peace,
offered six leet of the. new space grant
' ed him," which would allow Janney to
carry out. his original plan. The offer
.was accepted- and the row was ended.
Th<* 'commissioners stated in speak
. ing cf this trouble^, that they did not
care hot-;" many -counties withdrew, as
they wanted all the space" they could
• set to aret>m,moda.te private exhibitors,
more ; having applied for space
• .than could be-acconimodated. One olive
.'. pll" concern- ha« a jspar> 17*^x20 feet, and
-v Jwo other concerns have 15x15 and 17%x
: 20 feet, respectively,
-. . SOLANO CHANGES HER PLANS.
¦¦ ' Bolano County was to have exhibited
¦ >lth the Sacramento Development As
• Eociatfon. . but later the Supervisors de
•¦"cided thi.t So!ano'£ importance demand
ed • a. teparate exhibits F. M. Buck, So
. lario's representative here, was wired
• 'to 'that effect. • - :
. He came here nearly two months ago
with the understanding that he should
. . represent the whole Sacramento Devel- :
epment Association, but he had not :
been furnished -with 'plans or a list of
¦ the intended exhibits. Space calcula
• tlcns were ups.et by : the change or
dered by Solaho. the Development As
sociation Commissioners not caring to
give Buck all the space, 24x45 feet, he
deemed necessary. He was finally al
lowed 20x45 feet.' This controversy, to
gether with the lateness in getting ma
terials ou the grounds, and the slow
ness" of labor, .made it impossible for
. -the Sacramento counties or Solano to
. .get in jrood shape for the opening.
: The<desirv.<<f carpenters and laborers
¦ : .to Jejr£\hen their 3obs out as long as
. .pfesptble has set California back. Un
¦ dhn ordinary circumstances nearly all
o£ tlie "counties would haVe been ready.
+i«t -the. hanfmcrs. . though there has
•"• beeir-plenty «>f t.hem, have not rung as
.•blithely as they" should, and unless an
i* eye'/ has-, been . ypon it all the time,
•/'<tt3tiae~t*hor has shirked.
. j'jjrtfc oryarnlzatton . formed by the
.-; Cou'rty Commissioners here is intended
-"-tornalntain'hafmony and promote mu
•.*. tu'a'r effoft for the good of the whole
.•^ta.tp...;The* best cf feeling prevails
¦. Ern.or.sr., the. various county represents
tU'es- xnfraU are quick, to help each
¦pother, ;. The, tv.<» inain articles in the
by-laws <">f the organization are as fol-
¦•¦.• . ."-•
;1. ¦jVjTO '••pKOSfO'TE HARMONY.
•.. •/ ."T.he objects of 'the association are
. . id'.-prfmioiji and foster .harmony among
;."" \h$-rneir.beP6._tQ" (encourage, and direct
.a -unity of a'ction'in forwarding the ln
, : <'tere?ts.of Californraat St. Louis dur
"* -ing'-the; Wo'rld's Fair, to provide for the
.' settling «>f matters of controversy
¦ •.between, the members or between its
'¦ "rncmbers. -vnd others, to secure and pre
•>er.ve -ri?ht.E and privileges for its mem
' "bor's- and" to bo' concentrate the efforts
. =of irs members that California may de
rive the greatest «ood from the exhib
its-which its State commission and
poonty. commissioners are making at
the-. World's Fair. • • : '
"Accredited representatives of coun
ties, cities and counties, cities, cham
bers of cqmmerce', boards of trade and
commercial organizations of -California
exhibiting et St. Ix»uis and. their repre
sentatives and assistants, and all ex
hibitors .of California products .as such
shall- be 'entitled (o become members of
this . association.- Members • signing
these Vy-la*rs thereby obligate them-'
selves, to.-pay a -fine of $10 upon convic-
lion '. by the. executive . commit
tee .of.' Transgressing any of the
rules '• of ; thfs • association or of
speaking disparagingly of California or
any ijecUon thereof to any person or
persons who are not members of this
association: such conviction shall L-
Contijiurti FrAru, Page ,25. Column 6.
play. Silk will be shown "from the egg
to the weaving," but_the weaving will
come later. Cocoons and worms are
displayed in a big. glass case. < The vis
itor, when the 'weaving process is in
troduced, will see the evolution \ot the
beautiful material that flattens pursed
in the purchase.
: The visitor to the San Diego exhibit,
which is in charge of Frank A. Kim
ball,-knows" when he reaches it, for the
exhibit is graced with a picture five by
thirteen feet in diameter showing the
city of San 'Diego and the bay. , This
picture cost $1600 and is one of the most
elaborate things of the sort ever un
dertaken* Photograph albums showing
scenes of the beauty spots in the
county and relief maps are also dis
played. The big picture referred to
rests- over • an* arch at the main . en
trance to the exhibit, and at once ar
rests attention of the passer-by.
The raisin industry is well illustrated
by San Diego. . j The process of. packing
is demonstrated to the" throngs. A citric
add exhibit is also made, and, of
course, there are lemons and limes in
abundance, and also oranges.
The lapidolite from which the column
in California's mining exhibit Is made
was supplied by San Diego, in which
fact the county also takes pride. . I:
The majority of Californians are
pretty familiar by this time, by picture
and description, with the California
building. It stands on a knoll Just
across from the Agricultural building
and close to the Intermural Railway,
which runs to all parts of the ground.
Because It is not near the "Terrace of
States" it seems somewhat isolated.,
but is really Just about the centerypf'
the grounds. Illinois is next to it' and
close about are many of the greatest
features of the fair. Altogether it has
a : very fine location.
The big bells seen in the tower db'not
ring. They are only for show, but lofow
real. The main building is 40x110 feet
in dimensions, with a wing -30x40 feet.
There is a large reception room with
ceiling done in popples. There are
comfortable chairs for visitors and a
counter on which rests the register.
Framed photographs of California
scenes and oil paintings by California
artists adorn the walls. Rest and re
ception rooms are provided for both
ladies and gentlemen and there is a
reading room for both. The hallway
upstairs, 20x50 feet, is reserved as a
The social economy display of tho
State is in this building and is also in
charge of Mr. Furlong.*
Some California embroidery, needle
work and laces are exhibited In the
Liberal Arts building.
• CALIFORNIA'S BUILDING.
After several hundred paintings by
California artists had been vised by a
committee in San Francisco eighty
were selected and sent on for exhibi
tion in the Fine Arts building at the
fair. The Louisiana Purchase commit
tee vised the eighty and as a result,
but five of them have been hung in
the Fine Arts building. Some of the
others, which are all splendid works,
will be hung in the California building.
California's educational display is in
the hands of Robert Furlong, who for
twenty years was • Superintendent of
Schools in Marln County. It occupies
a large space, 1600 square feet, and
compares favorably with that of any
other State, not even the oldest ones
surpassing it. There are eighty-four
cabinets containing specimens sent
from schools all over the State. A red
wood facade with arches, and cornice
incloses the exhibit.
OUR EDUCATIONAL DISPLAY.
. Some of the county commissioners
conceived the idea that, as representa
tives- of California, all of them should
ride In the opening day procession.
They wished to do- this as an adver
tisement for the BUte, the only one
represented by counties. They were
turned down and the World's Fair au
thorities and the California State Com
missioners are trying to shift the blame
for this each upon the other. The for
mer declare the State Commissioners
placed the petition before them, but
said they preferred It be not granted;
the latter declare they made the strong
est effort possible to have the favor
granted.
W. H. Wellbye has sent a telegram
to Oakland advising an excursion that
was to leave there in time to reach here
on May 15 not to leave until two weeks
after the day set, as much delay has
been occasioned here by the weather
and the fair will hardly be at its best
next month. Snow and rain and the
dilatory methods employed by car
penters and laborers have kept the ex
position back.
TRYING TO SHIFT BDAME.
had only upon proper hearing and five
affirmative votes of the executive com
mittee, and the convicted member shall
have right of appeal to a majority vote
of members of the association."
Colvin M. Brown of San Joaquln is
president of the association and R. L.
Janney of San Luis Obi6po, secretary.
The executive commitee consists of W.
H. Wellbye of Alameda, J. H. Wills of
Placer. W. N. Harris of Kings, Charles
Lu Wilson of Los Angeles, and C. W.
Merrltt of Santa Barbara.
The building occupies grounds 250x200
feet in dimensions and these will *be
planted to grass and highly ornament
ed with California palms and other,
trees, a carload of which Is now here.
Orange and lemon trees, Japanese
plums and guava bushes will be 'set
out. 'All these will bear during the ex
position.
ladles' reception room. In a wins ster-'
eoptlcon pictures of California are to
be shown at certain hours during: the
day. •¦ { .± .'.:&* 'A
OPENING OF CALIFORNIA'S BUILDING IS DELAYED BY COMPLICATIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALI^ SUNDAY, MAY 1, 1904.
30
ADVERTISEMENTS.
liilmM Y r A R S
OFpNEQUALED SUCCESS.
jjM|! With true merit as its foundation it has been
Befell Possible for the celebrated HOSTETTER'S
||||i. STOHACH BITTERS to establish a record of
cures of Stomach, Liver and Kidnev ills unequaled
6ffe§l by any ° ther medicine - For W years it has been
lll^t^ESi'? d r ' v ' n ? out disease and restoring perfect health. It
Ea8 £t|Jj|ir" therefore appeals very strongly to every sufferer from
K^S|K' P00R App ETITE, HEARTBURN, INDI-
gjjl QESTION, DYSPEPSIA, CONSTIPATION,
WtSXSgkk BILI0USNESS - INSOMNIA, NERVOUS-
H IBlilf NESS> Weak kidneys or halarial
g# t:vti K- ror your healths sake we urge you
H '^^^^^ to try the Bitters at once. You'll be thankful for
takin2 ° Ur adviCe ' Which iS backed by P rominent
\JB^^^m^^. physicians and grateful people everywhere. Two
H. A. Wagner, Brooklyn, N. Y., says:
I »^S e 2toS7^? fr ° m DySPeP8la ' Indi « estion ™ d other St «»««h Uls, but after usin* your Bitters
-T. regard your Bitters as the best remedy in the world for Stomach troubles. -I haVe used it and
don't hesitate in recommendine it. M ,. nave usea it. and
THE GENUINE HAS OUR PRIVATE STAMP OVER THE NECK OF THE BOTTLE.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
j B. KATSCHINSKI
1 PhikddpMa Shoe Co. i
10 THIRD STREET, SAM FMHCISGO
Adjotoiij* Call BnUdln*. ¦ - £
'•• . '. • \
jff iffy B^KK»HM&^8y^r 1
OUR STYLES ARE BIGHT
SPRING OR SUMMER. !
We aim to please. No firm In
this city tries harder to please
their customers than we do. Ever
on the lookout for novelties, we
give our patrons the benefit or our
buying and we know that our cus-
tomers wear the very latest styles. ,
and at prices that cannot b« du-
plicated. For instance. Ladles
Finest Vici Kid Oxford Ties, with
dull matt kid quarters, plain coin
toes, durable soles and French
leather-trimmed heels. BZEDTJOICD
TO SI. 05. "Worth $2.00. Sizes
2 M to 7%. "Widths B to B.
FOR SUMMER WEAR
If you contemplate a vacation
or summer outins you must have'
something easy on your feet. We
offer Ladies' Canvas Lace ¦ Shoes.
coin toes and tips, that nt and will
wear. AT »l.lf; A FAZS. Sizes
2& to 8. "Width3 C to EE. . • - :
AT GUT PRICES,
Not our loss, but the manufac- .
turers'. Infants' Tan Lace Shoes,
sold below cost. A big bargain
for sure! Infants' Kid Tan L,ace
Shoes, with coin toes and tips and"
turned soles. SOLD AT Jiric A
PAX3. Sizes 1 to b\ z . Widths C
EXTRA GOOD :
VALUE* =
Ladies" Shoes that hav-s that
look. They are right and will,
wear well. Best Vici- Kid Lace,
Shoes, nobby toes and patent tips,
fair-stitched soles and military,
heels, and OXTR PBXC23 SSSUCZS
TO 81 .«.">. Worth $2.50. Sizes
2% to 8. Widths B to
p***fS?r§-jji #% bb - '
WILL STAND
THE TEST,
' Shoes guaranteed for wear and
yet stylish in appearance. Chil-
dren's and Misses' Vici Kid Lace
Shoes, with coin toes and patent
tips. Heavy durable soles . and
spring; heels. Widths C to v,v t
Child's sizes. SM to 11.. B5c
Misses' sizes, 11% to 2.... 81.20
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co; *
10 THXKD ST- gia Tnaelseo.
xzm w e/\k: mein
jA>g*|OT DR. HALL- 3 REINVIGORATOF.
*¦ Baa f tops all losses and unnatural dls-
H cbarues Is 24 hours. You feel *a
i,iiB| Improvement from the Ortt dose.
Jffi EvtlM "*•¦ have so much conadonce In our
HSfl raM treatment that ¦»« offer Five Hua-
jqEn fcjHS dred reward for any ca*e w» can-'
*^^^*m*i not cure. This ncnt remedy curea
lost power, nichtly emission*, wasted orjins,
vaxtcocelt. Kleet. strlctnrta. kidneys. f«.ninj
memory, drains In th« uritte. roRorrhoe*. dls>
ease oC the prostate glands ami all other terri-
ble effects of «<$lf -abuse or excuses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cat**
the worst cases in old or youns of that morti-
fytar condition, quickness of the discharge, and
wantinjr to do. and you can't. S«nt seaJ«d. $2
per bottle. - three bottles. $5. Guasaataad to
cure any case. . .
Call or - address orders ,HAL1/S . JTEDfCAt.
INSTITUTE. 8M Broadway. Oakland. Cal
Also for sal* at 10T3H Market at, & T. Sen3
for fre« bock. /
AD VERTISEMLJibJ 1^
!1 =5
-m&*$ia * 6nt ta^ t^ iat count5 ' * t>s qua^ty — Qual- fj
fe§§*55> ity that stands pat at all times, for honest
criticism. The unprecedented popularity of ,'.
/£\5*; - Blatz Wiener is due to its pronounced in-
|^ \ «*i dividuality— that indescribable, honest fla-^
yl V g vor that always means "Blatz"~that de-
I JT Jightful Blatz Wiener "smack" that goes
Va straight to the spot. Drink it for beer char-
r\>yvR l acter; for health's sake drink it. Ask for f|
I >> SSl<?v Jt d° wn town and send a case home. fl
1 —"v-oifL. ALWAYS THE SAME fi
A Yv \ GOOD OLD W
tt^J^^^ "BLAXZ." I
BLATZ MALT-YIVINE I
¦•¦mm'.-. . (non-intox.) TONIC §
W| DRUGGISTS OR DIRECT. - M
l|k VAL. BLATZ BREWING CO., Milwaukee, gThe error of an astronomical chro
nometer is rarely greater than two
one-hundredths of a second.
The summer f chednle of the California North
western Railway will take effect Sunday; Kay
1. 1904. H. C. Whiting, General Man**ar;.R.
X. Ryan. General, Passenger A«ent. ¦ •
Chance of ¦ Time.
committee * v . at the meeting -next
Wednesday night •
Ole Hansen filed a libel^in the United
States District Court yesterday, against
the: American schooner John.F. Miller
to recover $130, balance alleged to be
due him for wages as cook '
Libel for Wages.
AVhen Jones was last In town he said "there
was no Gilt Edw whiskey" where he'd been.
"Must have been to the moon," guessed SmiCii.
Good £uej5er, that Smith. > . •
The arrangements of the Caledonian
Club for the annual gathering and
games to be held at Shell Mound
Park on Monday, May 30, are n earing
completion. The programme of sports
is in the hands of the printer. There
are 'forty-one events, including two
specials — bagpipe playing for 'a" gold
medal, valued at $250, and three other
valuable prizes, and a foot race for
football players, under the auspices of
the Amateur Athletic League, for
which valuable medals, will be
One of th,/ most attractive features
the Pavilion.
Floor Blanager and Committee Ap
pointed to Look After Dancing in
Last Friday night the special com
mittee of the Knights Templar 'gen
eral committtee, which was appointed
to arrange 1 for , the * decoration of . the
city durlng\ the : conclave • week,' 'de^'
cided what the decorations and illumU
nations shall be. At the ferry landing,
f oot •: of Market street, . there are*. to be
two immense columns thatlwill sup
port . an arch : having; a .'span of- fifty
feet and V bearing _ in _ electric ¦ lights,
"Welcome, Sir' Knights," in large let
ters.
. .The columns will : be .: covered .with
garlands and embellished with electric
Market Street to Be a Blaze of Light
From the .Ferry .'Landing to -
Ninth Street.
emblems of the order. The top of the
columns" will be surmounted- with
groupings of Templar and American
flags. »Along the line 'of Market street
on both sides, from the ferry to Ninth
street, will b^erected tall poles fifty
feet- apart and in the center of the
street,' at* a '¦ height of forty feet above*
the pavement, , will be stretched a
single', wire "-/¦ between the two points
named. From, the top . '."of ¦; each - pole
tb; this wire .^vill'. be stretched'a string
of electric lights, so as to form a 'grand
Illuminated t arch by nightvf Thel poles
will be : with' evergreens arid (a
string fbf electric lights will I be .wound
around each. The ; various emblems'of
the order,'- wrought ; in colored \< lights,
wjllbe displayed at- numerous points
along; this line.;' ' '..":
(/'Around -the . four sides of Union
ILLU3IINATION PLAN
FOR CONCLAVE WEEK
Square will be erected eighteen-foot
columns, twenty-three feet apart. At
each corner there will be a large arch-
Around the monument in the center
of the square will be a circle of tall
columns. From these there will be
garlands of evergreens . looped to the
poles on the sides and also strings of
electric lights, so as to form an arbor
by day and an illuminated court of
honor' by ' night. These columns will
be lavishly decorated and surmounted
byV-flags, artistically grouped. At this
point there ¦.will also be a large num
ber of .Templar. emblems in electrical
effects. ..A band will furnish piuslc by
day and by. night at' the 'square^
.The, committee, consisting of Sir
knigfhs C. L.. Haskell, John P. Fraser,
.William r-Mobser. and -.H. -Brunnlngs,
will present its report to theexecutive
SPECIAL EVENTS LISTED
FOR CALEDONIAN GA5IES
will be dancing In the pavilion from
11 a. m. till 8 p. m. It will be under
the charge. of W. R. King, floor man
ager, and Norman McKlnnon, [ assist
ant. They will he helped by a floor
committee, consisting or^Rod Chls
holm. J. A. McDonald, William Mc-
Queen, James Reid, Walter R. Reed,
William Wilson^ and Albert McKay.
The music will "be supplied by Fair
grleve's Band.
P-lo^^aiit-. KpiMjidc In the "History 'of
' ;;\he" S v atfofuil Vnionin 13— 5 City i *
v/-.v-.v.>^;/:'-'-;"-'-I>' RccoMed.; • * '
. •;. ij'pfeR'h. '.A.. -AVilson, a member of. El
Ca^.i.Uai'.;"'<rouncir_ of'- ttae . National
U/Vi'pnyan-d. ope. of the most energetic
;\S ; o*rike«;f6r that fr'ate'rnal association.
on;i»st •Friday celebrated his appoint
mera as^-gengral <Jeputy f oV the. order
¦b^'-ipi vin'g .a jsupper at-'hi's home, 1457
: Franklin-^treet, '.to ten' of.- his friends
"tYC ; .tK.e" -"p "rder • who ha,d been lnktru
'¦X(etrt£} 1« 'liaving lhe;.Benate of the or
.santeation appoint him to, the position
/i'nto'^wW?^ h e will enter to-morrow»
\ '• 'The Quests o'f "the new deputy were
Jj\W^jeiithbert,' : one of the "California
«*>ria'tors.6f "the order; f:.- B". McManus,
Wv,"id- "UTieelock, La.urance. Vincent,
Henry- W.-M£ass,D.\ Oliver Jr.,- J. N.
retiring depqty, who re
e\gned . : to 'engage in other business;
E...C.'i Stock. -Ernest -PL Hills, and
Si^Tiijel- Baflpwe. ; AnocceUent supper
¦u-^s^erv'ed on ' g. table* that iraa deco
. r^tedJJV/lth 'choice fto-vers^. fairy, lamps
) • .atiiy.silk^AmeWcaa «.flas«'. .-At edch
; pl;^tie-iiie're-;Tvas a pretty souvenir, tb
.jgej^h'ei* with .£ neatly.'wrltten card set
>Jln^f'i5rtn.';th.e .mptif of. the union. • .
.r/r^-JcjDhce.a'led" -orcjiestra discoursed
.taviJElic;-,duriflfe the :suppe'r and Miss
* daughter of the " host,
fa\-Arp4.:Vith "piano se^Sctiohs! Senator
/COtKb^ert..Jby* reason o.f the station -.he
¦¦bccuipI'eS-..-in • the "or<J$V, . was .chosen
'to'aitmas4<p and. after- the Bumper* he
••ca^lecllujpbn.'each one *q say something
;;«.pprS>criate t,o the becfasion. While all
;-ispo5t£.;..-6n. .dlffex«n*t 'lines, m all agreed
.:th^;Vt^e.i5aUejiar:Unlc» had selected
•. <3_ y T4JBt." "man ..to be the successor' of
t jDfPUtyvBunting." • . "
'•:',7^^ h'ost^inade a repljf, in which he
ei'p j^esed. Vhat he j>rQpbsad to do for
th'f/jsivle*:;' Hi" said lhat' he. will ask
JeverS". member to secure Ane candidate
4rid:.$nat "the next time he mee.ts one
'ai ity^ ha,\Hng ma.de thtf" .request to him
"."hel^fll asl(i.*"Have*^-ou "got that man?"
Th.e -jprthftring broke up with the best
."V'C{hes^ of ,."all for, the host and his
.¦4mia£j£"*vttfe; svho 'prepared «the sup
.;• 5l;ayorBchmi_«of. California Coun
'c\l"-.^h6 had been ln\it£d, sent his re
.vgfets.L b.cing, .prevented? from Joining
I:the/coinp2tny by reason of previous
"t'njrast'"roents. " ." . .
: *' Petitions', in insblvency . were filed
yeStiyd'ay in the United States Dls
trict-C&iirt as follows: Alfred de
•HaiSj'n. !'laboreri- Haywards, liabilities
J625. .no -assets; E. Hannon, laborer,
Saerl*m'eK_-, • liabillti.es J470, assets
J70;' Hamuel Jones, merchant, Oak
land; ;lra*>«:iities $1076, assets $150.
petitions' in Insolvency.
:^.t\iv-.tKNltnAL DEPiCTY
V*H ;:/';l-/:."EXTERT- l \IXS FRFEMIS
' :. Liciiteparjt .W. H. Patterson, quarter
-njii^jVr.' at ..fhe. 'new. 'target -range at
i^nt:;0jc»b.f'ta; states rhat the first bat
;^2*lljw;"-pf .jihe-. Tf»nth' Infantry Vlil con
,^!\i(ie~practice- next Saturday. ¦'
• -Th,e; regullr montbly muster of the
.T^nth Infanto" took place at S a. m.
yesterday. .Colonel C. H. Noble receiv
iiigith^ review. £ The" Twenty-eighth In
fi.-ntry...canie. .00. t^e • field at 10' a. rn.
jiin.^er 5?6iiimand of Captain John O'Coh
*ei>::Colphei William Pitcher received
.t'^e review.' :T-he third squadron. .Ninth
Caiydljty.i .^'^ reyiew^d-by Captain Cpr
vriTEh-at 5-,av'm.l ¦ .' . . <V -/ ' "
;.;^r<u,tenaii.tsS:;..A. Price and. Peter
¦ ;VJ;^<3etiburg '.'.. of- the • Twenty-eighth in-
; taptry'. leave; for the East -Monday .for
'¦arhh't'pc .'nionths'; leave" of absence.
.. Followtag: is a list of .passengers sail
jng ; bn -the transport:. First Lleuten
z.ntF • J. O. yichols..J. L. Long and G. S.
Garner; —Second Lieutenant L. Sypher
and 165 enlisted men;* Captain H. T.
Ferguson.. First Lieutenant E. L. Rains,
and Secon.d Lieutenant H. S. Pearce.
lU; corr-mand of 223 recruits; W. W.
liarre • and •¦ wife. Mrs. H. H. Culver,
Mrs.. \V..W. McCammon and two chil
dren. Mrs". .E. L. Ruffner and two chil
dren; Dr. F. J, Adams, wife and niece,
Cap't&in E. B. Babbitt and wife. Lieu
tenant Ji- T- Bull arid, wife. Mrs. L. L.
Davis/ Mrs. C. J. Nelson and baby. Dr.
J. -F. -Kemp, Mrs. W. A. Powell. Mrs.
Cv-F; .fitimmer and diughter. Mrs. Ed
v;ja.Td."BaiieS*. Mrs. R. Treadwell, Mrs.
:E;.--; Li'-:'. Rains.'. John W. Hunter, Fred
.Smlthi Major J. H. Pendleton, Lteu
fenaiit; S..'CaTdwelI; Mrs. L. L. Han
cock*, itn3 : two children, John C. Pond;
Asfiista)rit '.Surgeons Charles L. Foster,
vife ¦aind/tivo children, .Robert C. _ov
ing;,^;.G4. Brown, A.- M. Whaley and
'.Tvire^'.TiieO: Larnson and wife, C. R.
; Bny/le'rv •.-. J/ D f Heysinger and ¦wife, L.
¦jl:.\SmithVJohn" B.Hugirihs and Thomr
1«l? ¦DeVereui; \hlrty-.bne hospital corps
¦•raep 0 arid .nine signal corps men." Also
;thfe. foJlpitJng tirst-c.lass passengers for
¦H.^npluiuiV. Mrs. C. E. Johnson, two
"b© ys : , and . mother/ Mrs. William ' : L.
rMaijyell", Mrs.- L. T.. Jones,. Mrs. Nljes.
'¦¦tltsi.-Verry, -'Mrs. A- ' W. Hinds and
k.:hifd; ; f ilrg: E.:E. Mead, Mrs. P. An
dr^\vs-and : .two children and C. J. de
"Robv- *¦'¦¦. ; .v..v • ' . ¦ ¦ . '
.The "Twenty-eighth, and Nfnety-sec
qr>d/Con3pafiies,' Coast Artillerj', sailed
fcr*_ their hew r>ost at Honolulu on the
Thomas, yesterday. They ha\£ been
stationed at the Presidio for twQyear*.
Soldiers at Presidio Line
Tp for Uncle Sam's Regu
lation ilonthly Inspection
MUSTER ; BEFOBE CHIEFS
Two. Companies of the Coast
Artillery Leqve on Trans
.portv.f liomas for New Post
TROOPS DEPART
FOR HONOLULU
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 1,; 1904;
A variety of articles FOR
SALE in the Miscellaneous Ads.
Gas .Engines to Sewing Ma-
chines — Some bargains that may
interest yon.
A number ol MISCELLA-
NEOUS WANTS, too. Perhaps
you can fill the needs.
POSnJM CZKEAL.
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PKAGEKS
1^ ALMXTS RELIABLE -^^^ J# 111 ' d^ f» «^^ ALWAYS RELIABLE
A 1238-1250 MARKET ST.^, FV-VAtt^ffibin „ I^_ ' 1238 ' 1250MARK E TST^"
1 # 89 ShirtW^t Patterns . * ' __!____ /4 PHCC
e.t^b^dSai?in%°hiA h t-iS w^ mean to repeat th^^^^^^^^^iness of the inauguration of m, i. . d-w« sa».
pSctSy; er Thf^ this- sale, when thousands i«^pft|rgains'ever offered were so ? 5 o corsctl Thc S c S oiors°arc
£^Sf:= freely bought, by giving ever|^^^»Hnts this week.. Never have 't$fc£&g 7 g3ig:
IJS^iSrle^cS so many careful, investigatif^^^^^^^^a-'sale and, been so thor- ffi^^^S
up these wauts oughly satisfied--- a most coh^^%p|cg«^ good offers. SM^^dSSiS
cannot possibly be duplicated for m ¦ *** . •. r 1 1^ '-^Hi t - « %r^ s <^="*''> '"• '*'¦ • ±L
less than $;.oo fAorQ money-saving items foll^.^^^£L x te.» 1 c«nngthe_ • _
-conomy Is Expressed by Thesel of Carmen's Strike Tele- These Vahies of Women's Stylish
Prices on Domestics. , -_ , _. n w_> * t> u _:n_L Garments Are Simply Phenomenal,
phone Orders FREE to Exchange 606 -r-? -—
Only the most trustworthy goods are being offered in this r ¦ *"* Every day adds some swagger garments to our already
great Expansion Sale. The prices are so low that comparison <,, ., \ '. ;"¦>* f . ¦ large stock. Every one who has bought here has been well sat-
is useless. Don't delay a visit to this bright department, but Should a carmens strike occur we will allow customers the isfi^ d; why don^ you pay us a visit? We will surprise you-
come now— the stock is complete. c° st of switching on orders sent to us over the telephone. Extra the values are so enormous.
g9 . CRASH TOWELING wagons have been secured that will make quick deliveries and SUITS.
4c a yard-Heavy Russian crash toweling! the best made. It is everything possible will be done to facilitate buying. $11.65— Etons. blouses and military styles are included in. this
worth 8V»c a yard. . lot and are made of etamines. fancy mixtures, cheviots, etc. They are
The following lines include all makes of glass and roller toweling: : " —^— — — ¦ — -— new and the swellest suits we have shown this season. These suits have
0^4 c a yard— Regular loc value. 12^c a yard— Regular i6%c value. Rare Bargains 1I\ LaCC Daintiest* Spring WflSh been reduced fully one-half, as they sold regularly for $20.00 and $22.50.
S\*c a yard— Regular 12^'c value. 15c a yard— Regular 20c value. ' ' §14.05 — This lot includes some of the handsomest styles we have
10c a yard— Regular 15c value. 20c a yard— Regular 25c value. ' Curtains. : Goods Ever Shown. ever shown and at the regular prices are considered excellent values.
\ . q -> j o j . , _ Every up-to-date style is shown and are of the much wanted materials,
• ¦¦"•'' TOWELS. The very best offer we have A few lines of goods that have such as fancy mixtures, voiles, etamines, London twines, broadcloths^
f no 10^ f^ els * 1 been able to make in this depart- just arrived. You will be pleased ctc - They are worth $25.00 and $27.50
iuc, l&c, up to ~.»c— Hath towels. -4.1, *u^. w....—,:.,,. The same reductions apply to our higher priced suits and dresses of
5c, 10c, 15c, up to 25c each-Face towels. V ment - A _ AT>TAlkT TTTS -, ATXTe ' With the bargains. t crepe de chine, veilings, etamines, etc. :
t.adt- TT»Tr«c •- ARABIAN CURTAINS. - 7c a yard— A new line of FRENCH ¦ 6 1-1 «— «
TABLE LINENS. ?2.45 a pair— Heavy Arabian cur- LAWNS with dots, neat stripes, etc. COATS. "
44c a yard— Heavy satin table damask. 66 inches wide. Other tains; worth $3.00 and $3.50. Others All are fast colors. Worth 10c a yard. $7.45 — Made of extra quality tan covert; either box or fitted back,
grades at 20c, «0c, 75c and $1.OO a yard. We have table linens im- a t $2.80 that are worth $4.00 and 10c a yard — Voile and etamine They are beautifully tailor stitched and are lined with Skinner's guar-
portcd from Ireland. Scotland and Germany. $4-50.^ suitings in all colors — pink, blue, gun anteed satin. These coats are reduced from $13.50.
/••'-. NAPKINS. ' FLOSS PILLOWS. metal, white, cream, champagne, pon- #4.O5 to $21.50_0ther handsome top coats; all have been re-
¦ 45c a dozen-Napkins to match our table linens; also others at &*% t^ 25 dozcn floss P^ows, gee, navy, black and reseda. Regular duced to nearly one-half their regular selling price.
75c, OSc, J}51.25, ?1.50, 91.75 andup to ?3.OO a dozen. size 24 by 24. 25c value. __ _ _ SKIRTS.
. TABLE SETS. Women's Spring Fancy Women's Up-tO-date ShOeS #1.05— Walking skirts made of fancy mixtures. Worth $4.00.
Lunch and dinner sets; hemstitched and fringed. All pretty pat- /^ T a 11 *u t _- — _ r> j «- *A~J~~~*~ n-;,,-. "7 ?4.05— Black etamine skirts, nicely trimmed. Reduced from $7.50.
terns. ;..: . / GOOdS— All the Latest FadS at> Moderate Prices. Jf!4.45-Walking skirts made of a superior quality of fancy mix,
$3.25 — 2-yard cloth and one dozen napkins. ,V: xj~~ a ~~- Xiiul X.'(J>™ X(f*u^ :« >-n ¦ . -it. .1 . tures in light, medium and dark colors; seven gore flare .with straps
. *3.75_2^-yard cloth and one dozen napkins. Here are onIv a few of the L im ~ Two great specials here that ovtr hips -._nd down the front. They are trimmed with buttons and P er4
; f 4.25— 3-yard cloth and one dozen napkins. mense assortment we are show- are certain to arouse considerable fectly tailored in everyway. . •..;
SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES. ing this season.. interest. PETTICOATS. ' .[
Oc each— Hemmed pillow cases; worth I2i^c. 14c • a varS-pSS^nk • taffeta rih fS.OO a pair— Women's up-to-date 05c— Black, sateen petticoats made with deep accordion pleated
15c each-Hemstitched pillow cases; worth 20c. bon? 4^ inches wide- vcr?glosiy patent leather oxfords; imitation tips, flounce. Regular $1.75 value.
: : cSc each~HeSSed 'hcets': worlR £c' • washes well. It^ comesTn aU the medium French .heels hand turned 91.45-Petticoats made of fine quality of moreen with very deep
. «uc each— riemmed sheets, worth 75c. desirable shades A 20c value soles and are kid lined. Reduced from flounce. Worth $2.50.
BLANKETS. COLLARS. $2.50. WAISTS. • •
for regular $4.00 blankets. J£5.5O for regular $7.50 blankets 21c eacn — 250 dozen shirt waist $2.50 — Women's patent Geneva $1.45 — Shirt waists of the famous "Knickerbocker" and "Mar-
$3.5O for regular $500 blankets $7.5O for regular $1000 blankets collars made of fine sheer lawn; hand- colt skin shoes, plain toes, L. X. V. quise" brands. One hundred dozen beautifully made and trimmed with
*4.O5 for regular *U» blankets! *O.OO for regular W50 blankets.' $3-S andhand tUrncd Soks ' Worth %$££l ° f cmbroidcrics and Iaccs - These are our re « uIar ?** «hirt
chadren's Garments. SUks and Dress Goods ThaL Are Exquisitely Beautiful Are These I Drug sundries. ~
spedaPof?hTgr n cat°Ex r pansion Unsurpassed in Quality and Prices. Millinery Creations. overiooked va b y s thSS ot whS
Sale that is now being con- ; — —- ; — — — ¦ — " _ ¦¦ ¦ r~ — 3; f — — 7- ' never miss an opportunity to
-ducted. - : ." lms llttle paragraph means the saving of thousands of dollars Summer styles have already begun to absorb the attention of save money
• SKIRTS. * or those who take advantage of this sale to secure materials for our millinery, experts. Some' just made ; show wonderfully attrac- 2 - for 25c— Mennen's Takum
48c— Crochet skirts with hand garments. . tive features, and the specials arranged for this week are without Powder.
crochet yokes and bottoms in pink, SILKS. exaggeration the finest ever offered. ' 2 for 25c — Sheffield's Tooth
b t 3 fu e Ni0^\5f|: Mi .DRESS HATS,'. =«-47.. White Kose
ri^&||^rvr on saits 3^ h? i3p^^i!|i^^i|^|f-lg^i $12.00.and.S14.00 Values Reduced to $7.50. fSS!^ viot « T >—
: Kitchen Utensils. II is trin " nt<1 invcI - S?^|SS
. These are only a few of the egUar ?I °° ualltv - r>RF<;<? mnn<5 • Fanc y turban : made of reseda green horsehair braid and maline. It -.'
rr*»mrnHniic r<»r1iirt;r»nc +Vio«- -» * .V-^ UUUUBl is faced with bluette and trimmed in cornflowers and reseda ribbon. A most Mpn'c ITitraichincrc ' '¦
tremendous reductions that 7 3c a yard-Black knub mystral, one of our most stylish fabrics for becoming shape to almost any woman. Worth $14.00. men S fUmiSmngS. .
nave been made for this great suits and skirts. Sold regularly at $1.00. • . ¦ _ nn i-^ ¦-- ' M -^^ Onlv tfip. Utmt anr! rr»r»«t
saje event. Don't del., your wort^ r '.^^f^ ?^^§M?iM W °' $7 - 00 i8 - 00 ' V8 ' UeS RedUCed l ° S4-98. ) st .^sh wear to be found to
W °UM' »Ki r W 40c a yard — 54-inch black alpaca, the same as sold last week. To-mor- Handsome "black horsehair and chiffon hat trimmed with plume and this department. The prices
. .' 7" * 115^ 16 folding cur- row w ju |, e our ] ast offering of this fabric at this price. bunches of pink roses and finished with loops of black satin ribbon. A reg- are alwavs the lowest
tain stretchers with center brace. . 00c a yard-46-inch Scotch suiting, different mixtures. A very great ular $8,00 value. ' . . are aiwajs tne lowest. .
i2° zcn , tor J: V spi « s# , ' favorite for street and outing suits. Valued from 85c to $1.00. Foliage turban made entirely of geranium leaves and finished off with nm , . •"U&-*
4 oc— Brass bird cages. Regular 73c a yard— 50-inch panne cheviot in cardinal, royal, gray, tan and blossoms. Very dressy and. is worth $8.00. --:¦ -•»« a pair— Imported lace hose;
pocvalue^ mode. Nothing newer in heavier material and always sold at $r.oo. '¦ ' Black maline turban bound with gold ribbon and trimmed with bunches Plain- black only. Hermsdorf dye;
v»oc— Galvanized washtubs. Are 40c a yard— Scotch mixtures in neat stripe effects. Sold always at of white roses.- Worth $7.50. double heels, toes and soles. A
W « r ii : *f C V ,,., 65c. Special for to-morrow only. • ' All pattern Hats are cut one-half. - big- variety to. select from. They
.$l.lu — Green enameled infants — — — — , are always sold at 50c pair. 6 pair
ba 25c^R O^T Ia Leci 35 Zanders Women's Light* Summer Gowns and Corset* Covers. Union Suits and Hosiery. Serviceable Novelties. for *i.4o. _ IES
Regular 3Sc value. Underwear. C8c— Muslin Gowns with" yokes of 'OSc— Women V fine Peeler cotton OSc— International nickel stem- 10c— Black silk shield bow ties;
«c~ Wash boilers : worth $1.00. I- "^ v embroidery and finished with em- union suits; ankle length and button winding watch, neat and compact. A the newest, shape and size. Reg: T
-oc— Heavy blocked tin dish- 3-c— Chemise made of good qual- .., ffl ;L»ni« tt m '^n« down the front. They are fine Jersey year's guarantee given with every ular 25c value. .;
pans. 10 quart. ity of muslin and trirr*ied with em- oroiacry ruines. n.cguiar $1. 00 gowns. r - b and come j n a]I sizes R eRU lar watch; a good timekeeper. They are BOYS' SUSPENDERS.
W1 " te enamcled roval broidery. Regular 50c value. # 48c— Cambric Corset Covers; so $ I2 5 value.; &M always sold at $1.25. 9c a pair— Elastic suspenders;
steel basins. fJSc — Skirts made of fine grade of ,.„ ' . . , . •*.* 23c a, pair — Fancy lace hosiery;* 10c a package — San Francisco sou- mohair ends, wire buckles. New
4c a box— Toothpicks; orange muslin; embroidery or lace trimmed, ainerent .patterns,. lace or embroidery pure ii s i e ¦ tliread, double heels and venir postal cards; just the thing to webbing and extra well made. Spe-
wood - - _^ Worth $i.oo. trimmed. A regular 75c value. toes. Fast black. Worth '35c a pair, send to your Eastern friends. cial for to-morrow only.
Three Phenomenal Specials for Our our Popular cigars. Boys* Hats. Clothing' to Satisfy All Needs of
" «_r ~^ ~ ~~ '¦ : _.. , ,. .. r • j $1.35— Men's and boys' cowboy . -.;•
Men Gitstomers. . we carry a the Youngsters. • ¦
______ ~ — j ______ popular Cigars— HuiTlboldtS, SOc-Children's linen and pique ' q^*w- w WE
CO f\f\ will certaiUST in^r^f hL^Hl €t*A f\f\ Prinicipe de Gales, Sanchez broad rim sailor hats; just the thing There • ' t anv thing that is necessary for the bo^
*yJjU ¦ $9.0.0 & u Haya, Optimo, Sirena and" that we cannot supply Wl have the be^
; ness suit at a small price. Others, at the lowest prices. soc. Only a limited number left. garments and. the lowest prices.
;.- SUITS. ' SUITS.
90.OO — Fancy worsteds in ncat ? stripes and fancy mixtures, full I l _fev_ 'Vv/' v : . - N J?4.75 — Youths' suits in single and double breasted styles; made
weight pure worsted navy blue serges in. single and double breasted hHTtSs " : * • ' of pure woolen cheviots, in dark fancy patterns. Ages I? to 19 years,
styles, Black Thibets, the most popular material shown this season in I'm I Wa V • *) Worth from $6.50 to $7.00. . , . -
single and double breasted styles, also newest colorings in Scotches \^K_i i*__ i%<ffk _ li fk, _*A _^^W J^_/ J?7.oO — Youths' suits of black unfinished worsteds, cut in ths la-
and Homespuns. These suits are all made with snug-fitting collars, t-4ii Hfa^ >l^ra ~^tfgffif "tm^^^W^^^^Z tcst f asll ' on '' broad shoulder effect on the coat, with long lapels; ages
broad shoulders, liave haircloth fronts and the very best linings and §£§ |i Wl _T\_H ll O ra^ _§! M»4^ I2 to l 9 >' ears - These arc regular $9.00 and $10.00 values,
trimmings. They are regular $12.00, $13.50 and $15.00 suits. v I JSfeLH „ fi ' _ I'Si' Wl 3 Til J«7.R0— Youths' suits, in fancy Scotches; all the newest patterns
OVERCOATS. /BaT®** *^ K_^W -l_Mwk Wb- £&$*> of the season. Ages 12 to 19 years. Worth $9.00.
90.00— Covert cloth top coats in all the newest shades of tan and ( EH T__"^ _T "^ f*^^ .^y.OO— Navy blue and mixed cheviots and tweed sailor suits. The
olive; some 32 And others 34 and 36 inches long. All arc tailored in '^ *r <• collar is trimmed with black silk braid with silk design on shield.
first-class style and will retain their shape. Worth $12.00, $13.50 • and . llC "AlSWAX'S RELIABT ''F* • Ages 3 to 10 jjears. These suits usually sell at $5.00.
$15-00. - . I Mm ¦ ¦^¦^^^ rX "^^ o *-f*-' . TROUSERS. . *
?0.00_Pri«.. ey W^ A ES T C?avWtte rain or shine ov.r- 1238' 12 50 MARKET ST. J_,' '$ -45c-Boys- a.l-wool knec.rou S er S^lso corduroys; all S iz«. f
coats, cut 52 inches long. Some have cuffs on-the sleeves and others . ' -II WAISTS.
are plain and some have slashed pockets. Colors, Oxford, gray mix- All the Shopping Inducements That Have Made This Store ,45c— "Mother's Friend" shirt waists, I.i white and fancy - stripes
tures and tan. Worth $12.50. . . - Popular Are Still. Here. and figures. JBH_— _B '_,. . .' *
IGQFFEE
"CRANKS
' . Can c<£t well
-by use 0/ ¦
fPOSTUM
j 'There's a Reason"
|8
E3H32JS3_3ECSSl fiSSdChadwick Not Sentenced-
The case of William Hensley.
charged -with a felony, was stricken
from the calendar in Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday, as the Judge had been
notified that the defendant had died
on April 28. He had been out on $250
cash bail. He had been waiting trial
on a charge of taking away Sadie
Cook, 17 years of age, for immoral
purposes on October 16, 1901.
Goes to a Higher Tribunal.
Oceana Erwin of Benicia, sister of
the late Celia P. Cronk, secured a
citation yesterday directing Walter
Cronk, her late sister's husband and
administrator of her estate, to appear
and show cause why his bond should
not be Increased. She claims that the
bond of $100 he furnished when he
was appointed administrator is insuf
ficient and says that he has not per
formed his duties as he should.
Claims Bond Is Too Small.
Doe died in 1894. His will provided
that the bulk of his great estate should
go to his two brothers, Bartlett and
Charles Doe. to be held In trust by
them for the benefit of the widow and
daughter. Upon death of the broth
ers, the trust was to be continued un
til the day the daughter arrived at the
age of 18 years, when half of the trust
was to be distributed to her. The re
maining half was still to be held for
the benefit of Mrs. Stetson, she to en
joy the income until her death, when
the principal would pass to the-daugh
ter, thus giving the latter the entire
estate.
After faithfully adhering to the terms
of her husband's will for ten years,
the widow of John S. Doe, now Mrs.
John B. Stetson, is making an attack
upon the validity of the trust clause
In the document, which gives her only
a life interest in the Doe estate. She
has asked that the trust be declared
void and that half of her late hus
band's estate, which is worth consid
erably more than $1,000,000, be dis
tributed to her absolutely. Her peti
tion was argued in Judge Coffey's court
yesterday, Attorneys Garret McEner
ney and Heller & Powers opposing it
and Charles S. Wheeler appearing for
the widow.
In the event that Mrs. Stetson's at
tack is successful, the chie'f sufferer
will be Mary Marguerite Doe, the
daughter of Mrs. Stetson by her mar
riage to the man whose will she is
now seeking to break. The fortune de
vised to her by her father will be re
duced one-half if the trust clause is
knocked out.
Becomes Dissatisfied With
Testament After Adhering
to Its Terms Ten Years
WANTS HALF OF ESTATE
Mrs. J. B. Stetson, Widow of
the Late John S. Doe,
Makes Attack Upon Will
WOULD BREAK
TRUST CLAUSE
Hay tl devotes almost one-sixth of Its
revenue to free schools.
"No, sir,** replied the defendant;
"that Bill Bailey was a colored man."
"So ho -was— so ha was, and I beg
your pardon and continue your cas»
till next Wednesday."
window of a Japanese grocery at B13
Dupont street, and in Mogan's court
he declared that he slipped on a banana
skin and fell against the glass.
\ "Are you the Bill Bailey famed In
sons— the chap who Is coaxed to re
turn to fcis home?" inquired the court.
Notice.
-We wish to announce that the use of our
name in connection with a card recently Issued
and addressed to "Ladles Hrlonging to Trade
Unions" was without our knowledge or con
tent. PRAGER COMPANY. •
New Circuit Court Rules.
New rules for the guidance of at
torntys having business with the
United States Circuit Court have been
completed and in typewritten form
have been placed In the custody of
United States Court Clerk Southard
Hoffman. They occupy seventy-five
pages of closely typewritten matter
and take up about 24,500 words. They
¦were compiled and prepared by the
late Robert Y. Hayne and were revised
by A. C. Freeman and W. B. Tread
well on the request of United States
Circuit Judge Morrow. The rules
have been approved by United States
Circuit Judges Gilbert, Ross and Mor
ro *» •
It is paid that salmon, pike and gold
fish are the only fish that never sleep.
When the case of Giovanni Fossi,
charged with murder, was called in
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday the
information was dismissed. Fossi was
Immediately taken to the City Prison
and booked on a .charge of murder
on a warrant Issued by Police Judge
Cabaniss. Fossi was originally charged
with murder in causing the death of
VIncenzo Lavagnino by throwing him
downstairs at 330 Franklin street on
June 2. 1903, but Police Judge Conlan,
at the preliminary hearing, held him
to answer for manslaughter. The Dis
trict Attorney, made out the informa
tion for murder, but later the Supreme
Court decided in the case of S. Nogiri
from Los Angejes that the District At
torney must make the charge in the
information the same as decided by
the committing magistrate. Fossi will
now have a preliminary hearing be
fore Judge Cabaniss. -
Fossl Tangle Straightened Out.
'Jfames of Those That Are Suggested
•V -for Election to Prominent Offices
* . "'. ''j "¦¦ ;¦ lit tlie Order. ¦
'the -Grand- Court of California of
-.the: Foresters of America will go into
< sea?£iorl .-to-morrow morning at Han
;ford. It-Tvilr be engaged for at least
.ioyr days in the- transaction of busi
ness'.' -'Sorae of th* most ' important
will be the discussion of
i'a.lirojTositjo-n t-6 enable members to re
;"<;eive s-ick -benefits when away from the
;.h^'hie.'c6.urt ivithtfut the amount of
Xo'rrespondence that is n<?w necessary.'
¦¦¦. The. question of- holding biennial ses-
Kic.ns.Jnslcfld^cif annual sessions will
•be brptighi .up : Qn the ground of
¦.e^noniyacd-lljatj.here Istio need for
•i'.-Ie^is'lation' '^acn- year;' Quite a num
;b.er -of .fraternal 'organizations have
; "xLdp'pred, t!ie idea 'of biennial sessions
': of '--Xate : and the. proponents "of the
¦:-jjrdp6sititm :: ¦will present this 'fact in
*;.'£avqr of. the. movement. ' '
'.:. -Tiie". election of grand officers for the
•'<hsu;ng Jterra will be held on the last
•'day- nf -the session." The most im
..portant contest of the election season
'.; wil.h 'he for the office of grand chief
rffn^er, t"here being two candidates for
'.the offic?,. John H. Foiey of Los Ange
.1'lefe, .jnbw_.gTan^ sub-chief ranger, and
• C" ifi..' Root of Sacramento, at present i
• jentend senior woodward. Foley at one
tlrrie' anndu'need that he would not be
• *a Candidate, for Wgher honors and in
I \1eV of that 'announcement Root's
tfrip.nds placed him in nomination, but
..elnce then Foley changed his mind.
.Should he lie 'elected Root will be ad
•A-jin'ce'd to second place and Harry L.
. Sirdorr of San Francisco, the grand
': 'junior woodward, will be promoted to
•.the" place x r a"cated by Root, with a pos
l sfbtlify that Grand Trustee Dae Teare
\ will be advanced to grand junior
• .woodjvaf d. John J. Cordy, grand sec
retarJT'Dr.- C : M. Troppman, grand
[ recording secretary, and Frank Conk
'.lln,.ireasxirer; are reasonably certain
•;• of xe-electi^rVj There will be quite a
'^ubibei- lot candidates for the minor
"offices as *well asfor'the office of grand
.•trustee. . .• ;
••.'"TJhe .nUmbera- d'f Court Mussel
¦.SlCfugH ghd'tfie citizens of Hanford
'.have completed ail. arrangements for
'I th« entertainment of the officers and
•".delegates to tbe Grand Court during
'..theiir .stay In the city. ' Many pleasant
.'Bocial events have, been arranged by
'•"ih'e. general cqjimHtee.
AMERICA V FOHESTERS
¦~ TO MEET IX HAXFORD
William Bailey, teamster, broke the
As she claims she has a husband that
will testify to her character, the case
went' over • till ~r May 5.
-¦ "It was my feminine curiosity that
got me into this trouble," said Mrs.
Mary Gorman to Judge Mogan, before
wham she stood charged with having
stolen $6 50 from a Mr. Meyers.
"How did it come to pass, Mrs. Gor
man?" Queried his Honor.
"Well, a strange gentleman stopped
me on the street and, addressing me by
name, said he was an old schoolmate
of mine. I could not remember having
seen^hlm before and I was so curious
to find out whether he was joshing that
I accepted his Invitation to . take a
drink. Theh r he had me arrested for
stealing his money."
1 "And that was no Josh," remarked
the Judge.
"You bet It wasn't," said Mrs. Gor
man.
For. embezzling $20 entrusted to his
keeping by his employers, Le Count
Bros. & Co.; paper dealers, Paul Ver
dler was sentenced to six months' im
prisonment by Judge Conlan.
Charles Beck and B. Sanders were
so Indiscreet as to engage in fisticuffs
right in front of the Harbor police sta
tion and were doing some scientific In
fighting when a dozen bluecoats rushed
out and overwhelmed them. Judge
Fritz has the case under consideration.
"Mr. niley, your consideration
charms me," said the Judge, "and »it
shall not be ignored when I hand out
your medicine day after, to-morrow."
"You needn't put yourself to the
trouble of searching the records for
previous convictions." was Joseph
Rlley's hint to Judge Mogan, "because
I concede that I have been found guilty
of petty larceny and several minor of
fenses. I now plead guilty of begging
on the streets, as alleged by this po
liceman, and I'm ready to take what
ever dose you may see fit to pre
scribe."
• * - *
Isadore Less, former secretary of the
Barbers' Union and once a Labor can
didate for Assessor, accuses Thomas
Cano of assaulting him because he
protested against that gentleman's at
tentions to the complainant's wife. The
case will be heard to-morrow by Judge
Fritz.
"Dixie Kid," the colored pugilist,
whose genuine name is Hale Brown,
will be taken Into Judge Fritz's court
to-morrow to show cause why he
should not be punished for neglecting
to answer to a charge of battery In
that tribunal about a month ago. He
left the city and his $25 bond was or
dered forfeited, and since he came back
here to fight Joseph Walcott the police
have had him under surveillance. Eddie
Graney and Eddie Regan were his
sureties.
• * . " *¦>¦--
Chief of Police Wittman glanced
through his office window day before
yesterday and saw the bench-warmers
in Portsmouth square being systemat
ically harassed and annoyed by Arthur
Shea, whom he recognized as an old of
fender. The Chief dispatched a subor
dinate to arrest Arthur and charge him
with disturbing the peace, all of which
was promptly and neatly accomplished.
Three months In the County. Jail was
prescribed for Arthur by Judge Mogan.
Mrs. E. Bromley read in last Thurs
day's Call of how James Moffatt had
been given two months' imprisonment
for working 1 the worthless check game,
and the printed description of the de
fendant tallied so closely to that of an
aged man that had victimized her by
similar means that she visited the
prison and identified James Moffatt as
the same person. Then she filed a com
plaint against him, and- yesterday he
was given three months more by Judge
Cabaniss. James has been pursuing
his swindling specialty since 1877 and
Is now in his eighty-sixth year.
Parisian politeness obstructed busi
ness in Judge Fritz's court until eighty
one-year-old Louise D. Vincent and her
attorney were, ejected by the bailiff. A
charge of vagrancy against the lady
was dismissed as soon as his Honor
saw her silver hairs and ascertained
her age, and she Immediately began
overwhelming her legal adviser with
grisette.-llke blandishments, while he
gallantly bowed and scraped his ac
knowledgments. The display of amen
ity was becoming painful to the spec
tators when the Judge reminded the
bailiff of his duty in the premises.
1 Burns pere has been notified to ap
pear in Mogan's court to-morrow and
tell what he knows about his son's
means of bread-winning.
The complaining policeman described
Louis Burns as "a racetrack tout," but
Louis, who was charged with drunken
ness, gave his occupation as newsboy.
He wore a sweater embellished with
green and red stripes and a huge paste
diamond glistened upon the bosom of
the garment.
"I sell de doily papes at de track,"
Louis pleaded, "but I don't monkey
wid de ponies meself. If yer don't
wanter take me spiel fer It, send fer me
fadder."
"Deer "Judge 1 am sufrin wit nevvus
prospratlon," was the written excuse
for her non-appearance" sent by Mamie
Watson, plain drunk, to his Honor Mo
gan. Her $5 bail was ordered forfeited.
Bowman, nattily attired and with hair
parted in the middle, was given sixty
days In the County Jail by Judge Mo
gan. The defendant asked to have a
fine imposed, so that wealthy relatives
in the East could come to his rescue,
but the court stood firm.
"You are the most dangerous kind of
swindler. Mr. Bowman," said hiB
Honor,- "because your respectable ap
pearance and suave manner succeed in
deceiving people who are anything but
unsophisticated. .. Your portrait will be
added to that famous art collection
known as the rogues' gallery, and you
will. find, it more difficult to elude po
lice detection In the future than you
have in the past.", •
Sixteen-year-old Alice Warner will
become the bride of 26-year-old H. W.
Meyers to-morrow if she is willing and
he adheres to the resolution he uttered
yesterday In the "presence of Police
Judge Fritz, before whom he was ac
cused of battery upon" the girl's mother.
Mrs. Warner, who is separated from
her husband, dwells at 1518 Masonic
avenue, and last Friday afternoon while
passing an Ellis-street lodging-house
of unsavory repute she 1 was both as
tonished and pained to see her daugh
ter emerge therefrom with young Mey
ers. With maternal indignation she
upbraided the girl, whom she had im
agined to be with her father, and also
expressed her opinion of Meyers, who
thereupon, she avers, struck her. ,Then
Bhe summoned Patrolman Fogarty and
had her assailant arrested. The girl
ran away.
When the case was called before
Judge Fritz the mother, a careworn
looking woman, was accompanied by
Officer Young of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children, and
he It was ; who quietly suggested to the
court that marriage of the defendant
to the girl might be the best thing that
could be arranged for both of them.
Meyers, who keeps a cigar store on
Fourth street and is well able to sup
port a helpmeet, expressed -willingness
to lead Miss Warner to the altar, and
he was remanded until to-morrow,
when the girl will be taken to court
and given opportunity to assume wife
hood.
It Is understood that Mrs. Warner
has no objection to Meyers becoming
her son-in-law, and that Mr. Warner
would hail his daughter's' wedding as
a welcome relief from paternal respon
sibility.
» • •
United labor crowded the courtroom
of Judge Cabaniss while testimony and
arguments were delivered in the case
of Alfred Taylor \ and U. W. Smith,
charged with having insulted Miss Bee
Carleton and Miss Mabel de Somer,
employes of a boycotted cloak store on
Market street. Many members of the
Cloakmakers* Union and other organi
zations connected with the clothing
business were of the audience, and
quite a number of employers in the
same line of trade were also present.
The complainants " testified that on
several • occasions while going to or
( from their place of employment thej'
were accosted by men who addressed
offensive remarks to them, and they
positively identified the defendants as»
persons who had so offended. Smith
had alluded to Miss Carleton as "a
cheap blonde" and insinuated other
things which would not look nice in
print, and Taylor had' also indulged in
insulting language at their expense.
A number of witnesses for the de
fense testified that they had not heard
the language complained of. although
as "pickets" they would have heard it
if if had been utterdd, but the court
opined that it could have been uttered
without their knowledge. Then he pro
nounced the defendants guilty and
fined Smith $100 and Taylor $50, and
stated that he will ever be ready to
punish any one who deliberately in
sults a woman.
• • •
In the court of Judge Fritz, William
Bolan, a "picket" for the Stablemen's
Union, stood accused of disturbing the
peace by uttering profane and intimi
datory language in front of the Santa
Clara stables, on Grant avenue. It
was charged that he addressed insults
to both women and men that entered
the stables, which are under boycott
by the union. The defense will be
heard to-morrow.
For defrauding the California Hotel
management by operating the time
worn worthless-check trick, Burke
H. W. Meyers, Charged by Mrs^ Martha Warner With
Battery, Promises to Marry the Complainant's
Daughter, as Per Advice of Police Judge Fritz
HYMEN MAY TRANSFORM ACCUSER
INTO ACCUSED'S MOTHER-IN-LAW
THE SAN FRANCISCO v CALLr SUNDAY, ; MAY 1, 190^.
Upward of 200.CC0.000 gallons per
annum of aerated waters are drunk
in the United Kingdom.
In the Farmers' Improvement So
ciety of Texas there are 3000 negro
farmers, who own 50,000 acres of
land.
Ernest Moore Chadwick, alias "Sir"
Harry Westwood Cooper, who was
granted a new trial by the Supreme
Court on Friday on a charge of for
gery, appeared before Judge Cook
yesterday to be sentenced on a charge
of perjury. The alleged perjury was
committed at the trial for forgery be
fore Judge Lawlor. By consent sen
tence was postponed till May 9.
32
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEaTISEHENTS.
S? J < Without a Free Bottle of Liquozone?
~'- - *:- , J&yc purcHaserl a million 50c riottles of Liquozone and given them to a million of the sick. Now we wish to ask if any
. ¦ *- : • • .fidb oie'-has been oautted. Is there any one left who needs Liquozone, and who has not yet had a bottle to try ?
-.*. * bpy tjie Cxmt. bottle ef Llquozone without kllllnc the tissues, too. There 1» knows, to directly destroy the cau«e of a X*\**c+ Rj%*«<1*% P MA -
' *; and" rive- tt tree" to every sick one we nothing: else known which will do that, germ disease without it. Tirol* DO L Lie f VGQ,
leain^jof. and. we have spent over J50».- Any drug; that kills terms la a poison.
.•S^ssfafss-^xsss: SffssHErSsfS Germ Diseascs - i F§ Sr-^rs %$$m
' to convince the sick, that XlQuowrae does so cerUln that we publish on every bot- The diseases In this list are known to L^*_ Jl 6 , J t i ien sc Jl d y °" t ? n order on
*. w»ie» medlcloe cannot do. And we are tie an offer of S1000 for a disease germ be due to germs or their toxins. Every your druggist -for a 50c bottle, and will
•iilllng to do the same with you If you tnat lt cannot kill. modern physician knows that to cure P ft y your druggist ourselves for it. This
nee* It." ' * " • - Th- reason Is that irerms are vereta t ? ese lsea , ses t he . eerms must be de- applies to any sick one who doesn't know
, nee«it. • ... . . bl 2J a^^ excess of K o™gen^the S vc*y mTi* 1 t d m H dldM f"" 10 ' /^ th . a > what Liquozone is. but not to those who
VthJI-a..*. Th. virtue, a u™«n. ¦•». th.n mother proanc, kn .^ ot^S'SS.SSfSd 1 4SS'l. t % SS" SS 1 J?HU,S. 0 T.'Sf SjSr'tlS? SStSS
*re * dertved - solely from cas — largely a germ disease must end when the way. For that reason, diseases which nials, better than arguments. v.V.- :
-. -oxygen gas — by a process requiring im- germs are destroyed. And all the skill in have resisted medicine for years yield at This very offer should convince you
• merfse apparatus and 14 days' time. To the world cannot cure such a trouble once to this treatment and it cures dls- that Liquozono does as we claim We
make one cubic Inch of Lituorone we use whIle th08e *erms exist. cases which medicine never cures. The would certainly not buy a bottle and give
. M-EO cubic Inches of the eas Th« nro results are Inevitable. They are so cer- it away if there was any doubt of re-
• j-bocuDicincn.es or tne gas. xne pro- tain that In any stage of any disease in suits. If you want those results— if you
cessr has, fdr more than 20 years, been We Pflld $100,000 thIs llst we gladly lend to iny patient want tobewell— let us. at -our «pens"
. the constant subject of scientific and ' - who asks ltan absolute guaranty. show you the way. Send the coupon to-
chtmicAl research. - For the American rights to Liquozone— Abscess-Anemia H.y Faver-mnuenza 3 co^ 7 ni n ot . b » c °n*«»«oua
rf^t h s ie o\ eS an^Vn«nc P a^err^ 1'--- ' 2*53-3— ' j ~ ,
U rafne 7 efoo^e blood jeod. the scav- £? *g> Jg, S^tffSSSt S SSSf MS" K^ouble, I CUT OUT THIS COUPON I
? * t. ,,* .J o 1003 - ; It IS the very source two years through physicians and hospi- Coughs-Colds Ma!arla-N.ur..leU for thl. offer may not appear again. Fill
of vitality, the most.essential clement of tala in this country anA nth#r« w.tMt Consumotlon Mexiy Heart Troubles . out lhnblank« and mall it to the Liquid
• •'•&; £&srz*£ bThefS T 8ta ? h le S'ftifShSSZ o^th? Sit'SfmSS gsssss Biss^ssssssjr Ozona hy <58 - 460 Wabash •?: ""—
that 2a excess cannot beheld In the cases obtainable, and cured, with it every Catarrh— Cancer Rheumatism; My .disease is "
..blood. Liquozone is concentrated and disease which wu considered Inenrahl* Dysentery— Diarrhea Skin Diseases • aiy .disease is.......
Btable. It carries Ita virtues Into the Z 1 ?* ™n« Z t ZZ ? f J* ??. u * DaudrufT-Dropsy Scrofula . I have never tried Llqulzone. but If you will
blood to cp wherever the blood goes. It Tne resnlts or those teits. published Dyspepsia " Syphilis , tupply me a 60c bottle fre« 1 will. take it.
¦ • brings to. every* nerve center, and to everywhere as they were, altered the Ectenm— Erysipelas Stomach Troubles \ v\
, every tissue, a Vitalizing tonic, with world's whole theory of disease. Fevert— Gall atones Throat Troubles . w .......
wh*b. no other.known product can com- We paJd prIce because Ll quo Z one SSSS^ 5SSSS±SiU» ....:
.' • does what nothing else known can ac- Gonorrhea— Cleet Women's Diseases. ................
"KlIxS InSlde GemiS. compllsli. It Will cure more Sickness. AH diseases that bezin with fsver— ail In- 'J"/' ¦ % '
' . • end more suffering and save more -lives nammatlon— all catarrh— all contagious diseases 614 . Give .full address — write plainly.
But the *rreat value of Liquorone lies than all the drugs combined. And it is rfl^.n^wm^l 0^ 110 .^ 11 '. 11 blood.'- ,.,,*. . < ...... . ..... .... .... ,. rf
ln.the fact that It kills germs in the body absolutely Impossible, so far as any man iJS^^^wffi^Sff^ i^S^I i S^SS^iSfj&^
Here Is a Story to Fascinate
You, but at tlie Same Time It
Will Give You a More Startling
View of Life's Problem Than
You Have Ever Held Before.
"THE FRUITS OF TOfL,"
B7 Norman Duncan.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
B^ @^ i tte %i ° 7 of the honsctold i f °r without
5&®i vMiL IBS 7 ifc no can be complete. How
Jpil M ml 8TTCCt the tnTC of mother and babe,
U Ulii^ B '^¦F angels smile at and commend the
9 £f /ffik H /fffti HP thoughts and aspirations of the mother
f*» RH § W® Wm over th e cradle. The ordeal through
M || J ffl Kg which the, expectant mother mnst pasa, how-
W *&&? m *mr KB eTer » is ful1 of danger and suffering that
V i'*u ••*.!. •«' r hc lo ?*s forward to the hour when she shaU
feel the exquisite thnll of motherhood indetcribable dread and
f ar C-M k- C JX WOD il n 8h ? al t d knowthat the pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely aroided by the nsc of Mother's Friend.
a scientific liniment for external use-only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the parts, and ' . ¦ "
and without pain. . Sold at $ i .00 per BB B^ nrrnmei nat
bottle by druggists. Qpr book of priceless HrBSlBrraiMffl
value to all women sent free. Address IP |f§| 1 g* fSSSi HI P
DRAOFIELD REGULATOR OO- Afimaim. Jbu d t5 E |a|l m3
• 40 Eton Drcsses for I
'/*. ! .'• . '^gSaS^ffi / ¦ \>rv fine Cheviot Cloth Eton Dress, j
•¦ /•.. . "^BeVsry/ new 'sleeve. shoulders ami cuff \j
."'¦• " '.'r \^t>**< ; ? 11 ' trimmed with velvet nnd Jlne slllc «
: . . ;• '¦ "v^Crfv finish ealoon. Blues. Browns and a
'• • ". • Blacks. A very superior style and Jt
"** : Mf^\^i\%\ h ° W marKcd tO el08C ° Ut * 5295 ° i
si :' • ) Wmv fit ) f $14 Silk Eton Jackets I
V : - - -TV U \ iv M\ f ° r 9 ' 50 i
! r'.-/^. £( -^»Sl-ffl»^X Heavy quality Silk Etons. lined |
•" /•• .• J >4^J^Mirr v\ with nhitf satin and trimmed with V
•' / ,. • 1 J&7xSlf*JWi \ elmps: with the new shoulder and puff E
¦ 'I i r \ffitwri «**> V * lee^- Good value for * 14 ' 00 ' I
¦^£^&\WrU H^i^ Nou marked to close out, S9 30 a
f^^Mil^ m^ $ 8 - 50 Mohair Skirts |
m^m i Wi^W'!' f Of $5.00 I
fmlvW i RfBrVVr' 1 "'- F«ne heavy quality Mohair Walk- M
"kV/t'Pl \ ftWlM ¦¦¦' trimmed with bands and buttons A |
¦ 'Wif/l ¦ V\ V\^ 1 Perfect Summer Skirt. Good value B
vWtlfi ' ll\ \\ N ° W m3rketf tO Cl0SC 0Utf 53 - 00 f
¦7mi; : ' 1 m%v Embroidered Lawn f
/it \ 1\\ Waists, $3.75 j
HI //if" (& \i\V\ >&i-J The finest Lawn Waist, tucked, fi
111 H'y ' \\ \*VV\ %T wlth front all embroidered and fur- a
• m ¦ If/! • »i \\\\\ • '•'zai nlshed with smocking: collar, tucked a
¦^jg-...jjji 1 -\ ¦ \V^^JP^ and lace finished; full puffed sleeve. »
s|gjj£k '. \ \ ...:j.-.:,yj!r Specially marked for quick sale S
t8 r PlflV r fi.llPftB > C SUITS^ I
f&&&&T 0 UBa D£9 CLOAKS I
*JL22BO KEARNEY d.JF, g
I * • 'COUWTBT OSSEXS SATIBTACTOBII.V riLLED. 2
F6ITiSQUOR~lil3v^
I NATURE'S REMEDY FOR* DRUNKENNESS g
fi A Wonderful Remedy for Alcoholism, Drunkenness, |
H Tobacco and Drug Habit. u
I LIQUOR APPETITE KILLED %
I .cu^-^^u^or^^/SX^^nlct^f^l?^^
M with most wonderful «rocce«». In 28.000 cajes treated, over 05 per cent wer« C_a
|J permanently cured. So *reat was the Doctor 1 • wiccesa in curing Drunken w I
t ¦ V. ness. etc.. that his fame «pread over th« country and many W""" T'™ i£, l{
¦ . . celred from distant parts for hta cure. Belns anxious to do all the r^oa r\
¦ In tajs power to Buffering humanity, he- prepared th!« prescription w th*t I
M It could be used by the patient at home and at a very trifling co«t Here- J
Kg tofore It has been believed by tb« general public and. In fac *- b ? m f°f *l£: 1
m »lclans. that Alcoholism or Drunkenness wm mfj«ly » •>**>". m *,«~JL n ' 3
M has proved without a shadow of a doubt that Drunkenness Is » < S!s "if "- ffl
m the nervous system. The old doctor recognized many year* ago t.iat Dranx- .J
H enness was nothing more than a nervous disease, and to this was flue nis
O phenomenal success in effecting cures. Other doctors were astounded at -
Jpl his wonderful treatment, but would not accept his theory, and con-
EM sequently they were groping In the dark, vainly endeavoring to find J
M some drug to destroy the tasta for liquor. Not recognising the cause. t
Wi It can readily be understood why their efforts were unsuccessful. gg
fa "Ooldene." tHe Great Calif onxi» Oold Onre. la •_5S«'^ t &JKS2SJf2 H
PI remedy, tasteless and odorle««. and MAT BE JJ9fp SECBETI.T jci
O WITHOIJT THE KNOWLEDGE of the patient. It leaves no bad £.}
H after effects, as do many of the so-called liquor cures. Goiaene rsj
?i cures without fall. SOXJ> UNDER A WSXTTEJT GUARANTEE BS
pA TO CUBE OB MONEY RErUOTED. This Is a bona fide offer; and EH
pi the MONEY WILL BB REFUNDED If the purchaser is dlssatis- gg
N fled. MTLMONS OP DOLLARS ANNUALLY waited en Hauor. Kg
£3 More MONEY spent on liquor than on bread. Thousands of wives £-J
El .and children brought to destitution and poverty through this ?»A- J-J
B , TIONAL CURSE. But help is* at hand for suffering wives and I I
« ' children, whose husbands and fathers spend for liquor their earn- »• j
YA ings which should go to support their families. Qoldene cores th* [I
ba liquor disease safely and permanently. If Goldene falls to cure, f J
,§g YOU Cf\N GET YOUR MONEY BMGfrt. fcj
B'l Goldene builds up the NEBVES and GENEKAL STSTEBI. GOLD- m
II EZTE cures TOBACCO and SBUO HABIT and SEUBASTSE2TIA. - *
I'l Goldene, the Great California Gold Cure, Is a scientific remedy and perma- \*
EJ nently removes the craving for liquor and stimulants by acting directly f a
E3 upon the terminal nerves and mucous membranes of the stomach and lntes- • v |
M tines. It drives the poison from the system and creates & healthy appetite j>7
Ej and a natural dislike for alcoholic liquor and stimulants. f
if Monej|^|^f^^f|^S^^^^N^S l^^a Mon8 )f if
1 Back H^A|JiJ[^^SL|/Au Back H
H Goldene Is without a doubt the greatest nerve food and revitalize? known. \ j
t j It stops all ravages of the disease, makes new life, new blood, releases the N'
j£i poor struggling victims from the bondage of alcohol. Many sufferers Imagine PJ
fi"4 that will power alone will overcome the craving for liquor, but the thou- GS
Eg! sands of drunkards throughout the land bear living testimony that this Is a J
HI ' fallacy. After using Goldene a short time the smell or taste of liquor be- til
{m| comes unbearable. Goldene has no debilitating effects and acts as a tonic. g 1
fe'A brightening the brain and rejuvenating the entire nervous system. Does not Cf
ta bring on nervous prostration or the horrors brought on by the usual lnj«c- p.|
|m tlon or sanitarium 'treatments. Goldene Is in the form of a powder and d!s- 1-f
i-i solves readily In water or any liquid. It is usually administered In tea, cof- |f I
SB fee or food when secrecy Is desired. Do not despair, no matter how inany {••'}
M other treatments you have used without success: persevere with. Gold- t J
KB ene and a permanent and lasting cure will be effected. Goldene Is' jruar- i
K| anteed to cure or money refunded. There is absolutely no publicity |,J
feii In this treatment. Goldene is used either with or without the < j
frJ knowledge of the patient. All craving or appetite for liquor gradu- H
B| ally leaves the sufferer and a new life is opened to him. Write for 83
HI FBES CIBCULAB3. Call or write to-day. Don't delay. We hold f I
E9 all correspondence strictly confidential and do not publish names or jl
£3 testimonials. Perfect secrecy maintained in all our dealings with *-i
P*j patients. The price of Goldene is $1.00 per bcoc. or 6 boxes for $5.00. tf
fe'J 'Written guarantee ftiven with every S boxes. TTSOSSSTAVS, we V* j
P will cheerfully BSTUBH THE MONEY IP GOLDENE TAILS TO PJ
ti CUBS. ' fvj
S3 Address THE QOLDENB COMPANY. 40 ELLI3 ST.* San Francisco, CaJ M-
fa For sale by GRANT DRUG CO., 40 THIRD ST. Vq
vjrXZ# JL V^x^i JL JL\i
CALIFORNIA-
GET OFF IN CHICAGO
THAT'S the way of it — if you go East via
the Rock'Island System.
Get on in California; get off in Chicago.
No matter how you want tor go — in a tourist
sleeper or aboard the finest train that crosses
the continent — your ticket should read via the
Rock Island.
Reasons why will be furnished on request.
Two routes — one via Ogden, Salt Lake City,
Colorado Springs or Denver; the other via
£1 Paso.
In case you wish to communicate with this
office use the accompanying coupon. . .
C. A. RUTHERFORD, * [
- District Passenger Agent, /
623 Market St., San Francisco, CaL
MI expect to love fnf
Please quote ad class ate. Send mo any litemtura '
that win be of interest to me.
JhuH3^]i]Tg C. A. RUTHZRTORD,
Ja&>nTjftHy*ni[ District Passenger Agent,
ImB^A irl LiJilffff\ • 2 3 Market St., San Francisco, Cai.
ADVEBTIEEHEElITa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Margaret von Muegge, a widow,
aged 58 years, yesterday filed a suit
for support against her four children,
Rebecca Oleson, Mamie Murphy,
James Allen and William Allen. She
claims that she is sick and unable' to
work and that the defendants refuse
the Pacific States Retail Merchants*
Association of America, which was in
corporated yesterday.
New Incorporations.
The San Francisco Lodge of the
Theosophical Society was incorporated
yesterday. The directors are E. P.
Jones, M. P. Christensen, Mary L.
Goldy, Mary A. Hasty. L. J. Hotaling.
Jessie C. Brodie and W. C. Shepard.
E. A. Lorenzo, J. H. Flrehammer,
J. W. Sparrow, E. P. Bayly, De Witt
C. Turner, W. M. Park, J. H. Alfonzo,
H. C. Poyser and G. W. F. Carroll,
retail merchants, are the directors of
The simpering dudelet in white flan
nels and the pugilistic lady in a white
sweater will soon be among the har
rowing sights of seaside hotel piazzas.
Slay Day Festival at Park.
The Children's May Day Festival
will begin to-morrow morning at 10
o'clock at the children's playground,
Golden Gate Park. A maypole dance
and musical programme will be among
the features.
McCIellan Must Explain.
Judge Hebbard issued an order yes
terday directing Clifford McCIellan to
explain why he resisted George W.
Duffleld. receiver appointed in the suit
to dissolve the partnership recently in
stituted against McCIellan et al. by D.
Riordan et al. In a complaint . that
will be filed to-morrow Duffleld al
leges that McCIellan resisted him
when he attempted to remove prop
erty McCIellan admitted belonged to
Riordan.
Bishop Vincent of Switzerland to
Speak at Young 3Ien's Christian
' " Association Auditorium.
Bishop. Vincent, who for the last
four years has been resident Bishop of
the. Methodist Episcopal church in
Switzerland, will address a great mass
meetinfc for men at- the Young Men's
Christian Association auditorium, this
afternoon at 3 o'clock. There will be
a special musical programme.
Rev. F. W. Fischer, pastor of the
Emanuel Evangelical Church, will
preach on "The Pathetic Love of God."
Dr. F. Oehllnger, a missionary of
China, will preach this evening on
"China and Its Problems."
"What Is Religion" is the subject
with which Dr. Lyman Abbott will
deal this morning at the Calvary
Presbyterian Church.
Confirmation will be administered
this afternoon ln St. Mary's Church by
Archbishop Montgomery.
The annual renewal of pledges of
the League of the Crpss will take place
in St. Mary's Cathedral this afternoon.
The sermon at the last mass ln St.
Ignatius Church this morning will be
preached by Rev. Father Allen. Father
Riordan will preach this evening.
WILL ADDRESS LARGE
• • • GATHERING OF MEX
The Mechanics' Saving Bank began
business yesterday at 143 Montgomery
street, corner of Bush. The bank was
organized two or three months ago
with a paid up capital of J250.000, di
vided among 180 stockholders, the
idea being to place the stock with
people who would do the bank the
most good. Among the stockholders
are many prominent names. The offi
cers of the bank are as follows: Pres
ident, James O'B. Gunn; vice presi
dents, George D. Gray and George F.
Lyon; cashier, Frederick H. Clark;
directors! — F. W. Dohrmann Jr.,
George D. Gray, F. M. Greenwood,
James O'B. Gunn, Marshall Hale, G.
W. Kline, George F. Lyon. George M.
Mitchell, Charles C. Moore, Henry T.
Scott and W. F. Williamson.
Prominent Men of Business Are Mem
bers of Its Directory and Board
of Officers.
RENO, Nevada, April 30. — Governor
Sparks owns the controlling Interest in
a company that ls making preparations
to construct an independent water
power system from the mouth of
Hunter Creek, flve miles north of
Reno. Engineers are upon the ground
completing the final survey of the line,
and work at the mouth of the creek
will begin next week. It Is expected
that the system will be completed
before winter ' sets in and -that Reno
will be supplied with pure water by
next spring at least. Huntlngton and
other California capitalists are said to
be interested in the company that owns
the present system ln Reno.
There Is a flow, at the lowest ebb,
of 5,000,000 gallons per day, sufficient to
supply a city much larger than Reno.
Governor Sparks- intends to invest
$2,000,000 in the new enterprise.
Engineers Are Making a Surrey to Se
cure a Supply From ihe Mouth
of Hunter Creek.
NEW WATER POWER SYSTEM'
IS CONTEMPLATED FOR RENO
Tito Postmasters Are Commissioned
arid Railway Mail Clerks Are
, Appointed.
WASHINGTON, April 30.— The fol
lowing postmasters have been* com
missioned: California — Egbert C.
Burtchaell, Corte Madera; William O.
Long, Shumway. .
John F. Hefferinan and , Frank
Downing of San Francisco have been
appointed to the railway mail ser
vice.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
• OF THE PACIFIC COAST
You have to handle some people with
kid gloves, others with boxing gloves,
others with bare fists and the rest with
an old-fashioned ax handle.
Frederick street, the majority of which
are unoccupied, were blistered and the
glass in the windows broken by the
heat. Luckily the shingle roofs did not
ignite.
Arthur Geron, an employe of the tel
ephone company, attempted to remove
the phone from the residence of Dr.
Greenlaugh, but was driven back by the
flames. In his haste to escape he
leaped from a window to .the sidewalk,
and in landing struck his kneecap in
euch a manner, as to cause a fracture.
He was taken to the Park Emergency
Hospital.
> T EW SAVINGS BANK OPENS
PORTALS FOR FIRST TIME
to provide for her, with the exception
of James Allen, who,' she says, has
announced his willingness to contrib
ute one-quarter of any reasonable
amount the court might 'allow.
¦ ? ¦
Mis-take of Occupation.
Among the police items appearing
in The Call 'last Wednesday morning
was a statement to the effect that I.i
Ososke had been in an encounter with
one Dux and had been taken to court.
Mr. Ososke's business was siven' in the
article as a truck gardener. That
was an error, as Mr. Ososke. is a
wholesale butcher and has been in
that business in San Francisco for
thirty years.
The budget of the 703 towng in. Euro
pean Russia aggregates but half aa
much as the budget of Berlin, or one
fourth as much as that of Greater New
York.
•;Aa Incipient blaze. In a eection of
.flats under course of construction on
Frederick street, between Clayton and
ABhbury. was fanned by the high winds
yesterday afternoon at 1 o'clock into a
'conflagration that lapped up $22,000- of
property before it was got under con
trol.
' • J. H." Munston waa having two bulld
•ing*. constructed at 229 Frederick
¦street, which - would have -contained
three flats each, or thirty rooms. The
carpenters had quit their work and
'pljunbera were adjusting fixtures for
'fc'atnrboras when one cf the gasoline
' blowpipes upset and ignited a pile of
e havings en the floor. No windows
. wrre in the building, and before the
. -workiaen could Etamp out the blaze the
. fire had taken hold of the dry wood
v'crk of the Interior and the danger
w%A beyond control. • ' 7? • %
\ An alarm Tras' quickly turned In, but
.'It was. pczn'e' little Jitae before the Fire
•Department reached the scene. It was
quickly' recognized by the district en
; plneer" that the work ahead of the men
.;on the ground was beyond the drdlha
"ry t nd, a call for assistance was eound
pd .at- once, "to be almost .immediately
¦followed by a third alarm.
¦ With the wind bjqwinsr a gale, it was
'. aimast- impossible;- for the firemen to
•g.et.cl.ofe.enbugh to the flames to throw
',tiielr itrearns Into the roaring: furnace,
>¦ which, . from time 'to time, shot .Its
torjptie of fire.' across the street and
'lap-pcd- the buildings opposite with" Its
•iricJ-Kerating breath. • ; % 
• SucK intense heat .was generated that
within -a fe^ tainutcs the homes ad
: jDinin'g Uafi new structures were also on
•fire and the streams were directed to
¦i heir protection.' For more than an
" h-uur ¦ the* fire raged, .throwing cinders
for blocks and endangering all property
'en' Ashbury Heights. ; •!
' " .FIRE JS .CHECKED.
. .-.By great efforts the firemen confined
the fire to the black between Ashbury
arrd Clayton streets and held it to the
Vouth sid.e cf Frederick street. Before
Afie ljual tap-.off .was .sounded the homes
-f Dr. Mayo A. Oreenlaugh, George F.
¦ AV'Q.od and three flats belonging to Al
'•f/ed'-Hampton had been ruined, while
.the-T.oEidence of J.- E. Peterson, 812
Clayton street, was damaged almost to
destruction..
...The residence' of Samuel J. Eva. at
. lh.e' corner cf Frederick and Clayton
.street?, was saved after a hard flght on
the part of the firemen", but the furni
ture-in the upper stories was saturated
Xvith water. • '¦ »Iw»?-y5i>^,
• • Dt Mayo. A.' Greenlaugh, who resid- I
ca • at 25& Frederick street (as the old
numbers run) estimated his loss at
.¦.$3500 on the house and J50(T on the fur
• fifture, .both of svhich are Insured.
'•• sCjearjre'-F. T\*ood, who is vice presi
dent of the TVilmerdlng School of In
dtittrial Art, places the loss on his
[property! at. 271 Frederick street, at
•^4500 far the building and $S00 for the
' fucniture. Jle carried insurance on the
-'btslldingr and furniture.
. .'Alfred -P. Hampton of the firm of
*ilampton*& Bailly, was the owner of
• the .property at 22L. 223, 225 and 227
>V.edcrick street.'." lie estimates his loss
,'St J10.000.on the buildings and 52500 on
•tft?-nxturcs: r The builflings at 221 and
..i''.'3 «fe; wrecks to t.he floor of the sec
.¦«ii;d. stories, while 225 and 227 are so
bacjly .damaged that tiiey will have to
lie replaced with n.ew structures. They
! : v<:-re-2ns:ure<5. •"''-¦'.. • . "-.¦¦¦ :
¦ The'Peterebn residence, at 812 Clay
inh street, which backed to ihe rear
*v' w.h?rfe the fire started, is ruined.
T.foe,fire even eat. its., way into, the par
ldr on- the frorijt before it could be
cTiecke'd, and_ little or nothing ln the
way -of household" effects 'were- saved.
The.-.loss is a'pproximately 52500..
; The roof of the building at 814 Aah
b-.ii-y Street caught fire, but the firemen
: quickly. Kad the. shingles flying in the
air ' and that portion of danger under
control. About 575 will cover the dam
.*«££ there.
¦¦'\ ,BtlLpiXGS ARE SCORCHED. .
• The houses along the north side of
Conflagration Started by
.• Gasoline Lamp "Which Ig
nites Shavings in Xew Plat
BLAZE COSTS . $22,000
SLwept fyjh.glt'rtinfl* Flames
: "W-ipe'Out Eesidence Build
.. ings on A'shbur5 r Heights
FIRE DESTROYS
MUCH PROPERTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU SUNDAY, MAY 1, ;1904-
Sues Children for Support.
33
.' XOT (fS MEAT.
3Iair " Couldn't Regal n Strength v Until
! : . He Changed to Grape- Xuts.
J It's a common Joke to say "He eats so
•rf:uch " It makes him. poor to carry It
around"" whep speaking of some thin,
.Ec'rawny fellow, who eats as much as
a* horse, but U is frequency true if .the
•fcoa Is not the kind the body calls for.
A pesson mfghtjeat a ton of improper
Xobd and never get -an . ounce, of nour-
ishment -from, it, but put them on a
•j rape-Nuts 'die't aniJ four teaspoonfuls
of -this food (which ls all nourishment)
quickly brings pounds in weight and a
fortune, in health and strength- This
¦has'been proved over and over.
."•_• A "German woman of Chicago gives
&n instance in her town family.. It's
briefly told, but the truth- is there: "My
husband lost his left hand in an acci-
dent *anfi lost a terrible amount of
"blood, kept getting 'weaker . for five
months and flnajly. got a terrific cough.
]^e would eat big meals of meat, and
potatoes to get weJl, but didn't get any
good <rom them. Finally I persuaded
hin\ ta try Grape-Nuts food, and from
a skeleton of £3 pounds he * soon re-
gained fcis normal weight of 207 pounds
nnd is strong* and w.ell. and declares
}je \vanti no other food .for the main
part "of his rfleals.*
"As for-mj'self, my Ces.h was flabby,
I tired so easily and my memory was so
poor I could keep nothing In my head,
but after three months of the Grape-
rCuts diet 1 gained twelve pounds, my
flesh 1b # hard and firm, I aln stronger
and my memory ha? improved wonder-
fully. I keejv a candy store; t>u£ I- sell <
Grape-Nuts, too. for I think it is the
best thing to give the children." Name
given by Postum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich, p"
Look for "The Road to . Wellville" in
each package. * . .^
GRAFS-NUTS.
I Rppt is Good' fill* You 1
H When thepatient isweak, .the doctor says Beer." m
1 When_the_nerves need food, beer is the usual prescription. * So S
1 in insomnia; so in nervousness. »
.1 The knows that malt and hops are nerve foods and I
HI tonics. And he knows that most people drink too little fit
W| fluid to rid the system of waste. Hfl
1 Heknowsthat pure beerl is good for you. I
S^ That is why he says "Schlitz." He knows that Schlitz beer B
® is brewed in absolute cleanliness. It is even cooled in m
Wr filtered air. And every bottle issterilized. B
w Half the : cost of our brewing . is spent to insure absolute/ ' B
IM ' .' . > Los Aniclcs-SHERWOOD S. SHERVVOOD-San Francisco %ll
aL The Beer That Made Milwaukee Famous.. JE
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOS ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ' ROSENBERG'S.'
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE RO SENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
LA01E5* MUSLIN UNDERWEAR AT 4 LESS THAM WORTH OF MATERIAL.
I^^^Wi^W Jllliilliiiii§5S^§§SpS^ AS tO GorSetS Here are some offerings that will bring large savings to you. Office fufjj Qygj a KeW Led!
'i^^fli/^feA V_^^^^^^^^^^^^^" =*ery figure requires 'a different sam P les °/ one of the .largest Eastern rnanufacturers. HOSIERY herp.
¦rrfKSlTO™ UW??^fe^^^^^^^^^^^^^ of corset, L Samples, you know, generally run better than the regular goods, as 1Tiat |9 * o £ o of our speclalties .
|! ! IImMK\M l5\l^^'rfi^'M8^^^^'58Effl^^^^ :^ T »e best corset made will present the orders are taken from them. They comprise gowns, chemises, corset nere'3 an example of the way we
fctAnh\\\\Ww\m ; ttS»$ra ::::> a sorry appearance unless it ls per- covers, drawers, skirt chemises, etc. Made on cambric, nainsook, some sc u tne COO d kind.
lil'Siy \\V\mVKsM 7ht WJ wM$£S&Mmk& 'S^WnS^- fectly suited to the wearer; there- hemstitched, some tucked embroidery, also lace and inserting trimmed; CHILDREN'S HOSE: — Mads" of
l'HllU™%«w3i' I VI' 1 '' If 'A T&SriS^m&iK?' wSS^^k fore we advlse you to e et thc °P in " this is about the finest collection of samples that ever came to this coast. soft finish English thread, fast
I ffflLWViwPB* •* iillllvjr. lon ?* ° UV . CX ? er * *l tter «i^fr 3 , u ?fZ Some slightly soiled from being handled. There are 5863 samples, no two black, double heels, toes and knees.
¦ IIHW» XTi^m. !2SL iS JS^ant^ to^Kif IniuvhK a^e. We quote here a few of the many. Sale in our bargain basement. Jersey ribbed. Economical women
PHli!ilfi'kVliKVv3ft'\aw v « a^\vv3h^ \v^ . Tat* r SBSar****' / 4 / / cors>ct best adapted to jour lncUMci- , M , , , j. , . __ x Fhould alwavs buv them Thev out-
M mWWm^< \J,m V 4 f <T £ hty \ ™* requirements; one that >vill give so we can have plenty of room to display them. wear two rkirs of oth^.- stockings!
fiwHBMV\\l\«iav ////X \ " r y> -/" W W you solid comfort and graceful lines. LADIES CHEMISE — Made of LADIES' SKIRT CHEMISE — liffht. medium and heavyweight;
iBKMiniftwW / " ''l|lh*N X ? 3* S*£> ~&^-l\ ISl In ronncct i° n wc wish to call your Boft bleach muslin, square yoke, Made of Lonsdale , cambric, square all siz3s ; C
iRralmflValW / '\'\\K Sr<SW&. J\ \''t 1 )^. attention to our many styles of Roy- embroiderey trimmed; sample price cut yoke, fine hemstitch tucks, with LADIES' HOSE — Made of import-
IRWi / ' W'OV^^lfiA rV\ \y]ln&fa&!3$£m&8k al Worcester and C. P. a la SpIriUB 19c Valenciennes, lace and insertion; ed materla , fancy ri ' b bed. jfull
WMm¥l A \lf\ \\^^/lNS^i£^^^^P^^ r rSC^;*.^ 1 h^»w?^o CC u,i t i eS^S LADIES' CHEMISE — Made of sample price ».>c length and width, double heels and
BRfffiW&i ' 1 \ v\ 1 f^^^lfi^^^^ JiZJlS I^tn^ P ™lL,li,^ Fruit of the Loom muslin, V-cut LADIES' DRAWERS— Made of toes; in tan and brown; full .finish.
BHKBw!8&b<\w Af\ \\\f \\\1 ««2.T.? n..fi m Ju? ro^inH V o^- ™all hemstitched tucks, em- soft bleach muslin, tucked and em- Just the stocking for summer wear.
W t^2>^r^\\ i\ X '. \ \^\\g^^&^^^^^ stout flsures. velvet finished muslin, corded yoke. New York Mills muslin, insertion LADIES LACE HO3E— -The
IV /// f, VS$m | mm.KraXVW' 1 •¦ • Ujl, /^.^ med. Our price 50c P"ce . . . oc LADIES' DRAtt L.IIS— Made of black French lisle, with openwork
/ M WflVm II MnXW^lV^VkV ////> '^ 'll ' LADIES' DRAWERS— Made of Nainsook, umbrella cut. trimmed , ace i nstep s. Instead of 50c, a lim-
' "5^^^^w >'l sUi\M\\W\\\Vv"« ¦¦'¦' f/ftL -J&t^ S C. B. a la SDlrite good strong muslln;made with hem with fine torchon lace and insertion; ited quantity will be sold this week
M%- ""^P^^C- - upmiu. and tucks; sar npie price 15c sample price oac for jjj.,.
C^ 6^^^^^C* 3^W^iM^Y th?se om e e weTr^posiUve^ou^wm llcre ' s * )me knitted undenvcar Comfort and style jou will find In EjU,y|S» BAGS^Jade^Snuine
wear °" others^ "hose "unnoJuSs at- that will please you and will also these, monkev skin m" o ' linL * »l'r"l
\Wt£J.. % »\v^)i wear no omens, nose supporters ai- , i-#»tti» nnr.i-nthfmir ¦ --" *i >¦' * A«fi tii«» nrlf* ¦««» ««lr tcIII nnt -roti monKey SKin, moire lineu. extra
nP^ i--/^2^f V^ > a tached. Price S1.00 please jour pocketDoolc. And tne price we asic wui put you gtrons stee i f rame wltn atronjr
„ , m " CHILD'S VESTS— Made of fleeced . at your ease. -_, clasps, round braided leather han-
- • ROyal W0rC8Ster. lined yarn, high neck and long Made of fancy-knitted steam- dies, purse and hand mirror inside;
Samples are not to be picked up offhand every day, and this merely ~, nuin - Mnd sleeves. Pants to match Made of shrunk yarn, military double breast- full nlne lnches Iongr> At the p rlce
R fiftw« «nr r1n«*» rHation^in with th£ snurrM «f winniv genuine Kind. t h e same quality material as above; ed front, flnished with large heavy Cutter's $1.25
shows our close relationship with toe sources «»«#>»£ , The new circular cut, deep Prln- French bands and ankle length: in pearl buttons; in garnet, black,- / * .
As David Harum says Them that has gets, and when a good cess hip».low and medium bust, lace gray or ecru A garment 25c navy, white and green. Our price IMrPlla ShflWK
thing turns up the makers take care of us, just as we find it pays to take trimmed and flnished with large ' LADIES' VESTS— High neck and $1:OO uiuuroutt Oliania.v .
care of you — business doesn't go by favor. satin ribbon bow; hose supporters long sleeves jersey knit summer ". ' "¦*£" ODDS and ENDS — From the auto
Here's a sample line of ladies' muslin underwear that will surprise attached sides and front so as to re- weight; made of bleached English UOOfl MOWlng ! manufacturer's company; hand-
even the most economical shopper-for its goodness and low price. duce the abdomen. Price. . :*1.5O thread; all sizes ........ • • • • ..25c Youp carf please? just for a moment . S?*f ete^ n i n n^ e " f 1 thSe
pSpSfp! S.5S ,,=PSS-»? 'q An Exceptional Saving m Ladies' ™^H^S£ ife^ipSfS^SSS Sl|^ ran buy them at
LADIES' GOWKS— Made of Fruit LADIES' WHITE SKIRTS— Made x ew York drummer he soltl us his crocheted lacfe- easily laundered no heavy white Japanese silk, the guar- $1.50 quality, now. OSc
of the Loom muslin, circular cut of Regena muslin, trimmed with a showroom samples of petticoats ironinsr or starching needed- extra anteed washing kind, in the "auto" On sal at n'Farrell-st- entrance.
yoke, lace and insertion trimmed: deep flounce and flnished with em- rather than take them back to Xew iar£e fizes a Dalr *Oc e «^t V 0^, with point d'esprit lace On sale at ° ir * rre " entrance,
sample price 59c broidery; sample price 45c York and pay freight on them at t adifs 1 VP^TS^Lo'w neck and netting in the bow-knot • patterns; if rpi.... t« i-- frj mfl
LADIES* GOWNS — Made of LADIES' SKIRTS— Made of soft one-quarter less than the original _. gieeves deeo lice yoke lace trimmed with two ruffles, hem- U *«BW toMJf 11UI6 .
Lonsdale muslin. V-shaped neck, bleached muslin, trimmed with a cost and we will sell them the same. shO ulder strans- made of soft fin- stitched and finished with lace in- Of the year when embroideries are
embroidery and lace insertion trim- deep lawn flounce, Vandyke points They comprise sateens, mercerized f shed Enellsh thread in jersey and sertion: fancy lace collar and cuffs; in great demand It Is now, for the
med- sample price ...«5c and trimmed with tucks and Nor- . cloth and Italian cloth. Some fln- onenwork lace effect-' In white only the new DishoD sleeves. When you summer outfits. . ;< .;
t imp? SlTF UVDKR- mandy lace; sample price 65c ished with hemstitched ruffles, ac- _Penwork lace effect, In white omy. see them you . n appre ciate the Price Here's one of the many good
SlvIRTs!-Made of Lonsdale muslin. LADIES' SKIRTS — Made of S°"^^Sn,ffl o° th l" LADIES^VESTS^Made "of pure Cutter's way of selling them Now -offerings We have to show yon. Full
trimmed with a twelve-inch flounce. French Nainsook, trimmed with a J 1 ""'* 1 ™ 6 or four smaU rufHes - No French silk, low neck and no ?o< °° * en C10) inches wide, in good hea%-y
hemstitched hem and tucks; also deep flounce of Valenciennes lace ™° a » K e. ' m sleeves. Swiss ribbed neck and arm- VftH fan NpVPf HaVA Tnn Manv ca^ rI -*. u°^7*°J\^ C i d
dust ruffle; sample price...... 39c and insertion; price 91.00 |}-00 qua y, now , 5c. holes; finished with crocheted bead- IOU tail MYer 1ULY6 100 HaDy patterns; all button-hole edged;
*i./o quality, now ;Jc»c. !„_ w w>i ciiv h r ,iH Hruwn thromrh- tt».ji>. ,«i.i» t~ «- tt..j • many pretty patterns to choose
--,; _ . .. m . r f . TOAmfln $1.50 quality, now »1. 15. n^infindbS on Instead of HanQierCMeiS On Hand, ¦ from. Price... Yard 16c
ECOnOmy EYery Day 111 the Week, POSted WOmen $2.00 quality, now §1.25. •jl.?5?spe?ial . . ..:.-.. . ?5c Especially uhen you can buy them On Sale at OTarrell-st. entrance.
And that is what you will find here. Buy their laces here. w h t u , t , . LADIES' COMBINATION SUITS "» these low prices. I - • ...
This is the way we sell our chif- There must be -some reason why. Frisco, but we have the larrat —Made of mercerized silk, low neck LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS— bDapS. v : : . ,
fons; French quality, hish luster, It ls the assortment, the quality assortment of - ** " and no sleeves, knee length, neck Made of extra heavy linen; neat, DRESS SHIELDS— Nainsook cov-
full 45 Inches wide; ln pink, blue. an< j the low price that does it Pihhnnc ' and armholes flnished with cro- narrow hemstitch. Special at 8 U»c . ered , vegetable lined; washable.. • . ..
cream, white and black 40c CLUNY LACE— 3* Inches wide, lUDDOnS, cheted edge, with ribbon through; each or .A dozen .oc f A palr . 7c
if m * D ™«f* «» D n on«fl fl « ood stron * ed^ e : for the 8uraraer And wc ovf OuV DrIces *™ right. \P, pink and blue, -gistead of *1.25, HANDKERCHIEFS— DRESS SHIELDS— Made of extra
Veiling RemnantS Or BeaatlflerS. dress or waist trimmings; in guipure. ALL SILK TAFFETA, full flve Mondays and Tuesdays price.. 7oc Made of heavy Belfast linen, full strong woven stockinet; perspiration
Mnrli underni-iced. diamond and square patterns; ecru inches wide, in satin dotted and tv« v~, «««/! n D n »» n C««-f «. ™ Z ?' < \ u ,^, er an , nair " lncn Jl en i2: proof; odorfess and washable; med-
Mucli unaerpneea. ln co i O r. At the Price Cutter's corded effect, washable; in pink DO YOU Need a BWeaU SCaH Or Price 12«c each or a dozen ?1.2o ium size. Price A pair 7c
Made on crisscross, tuxedo and Yard 1Oc b , ue> cardInal> i aven der. brown and Pnnnpi. ? special. HAIRPINS— Made of Italian
spider web. chenille dotted and up . to . d atc women know what white. Price Yard 12Hc Winner ! Tncf PppfliVOn shell; highly polished teeth; amooth
plain; 2.. 36 and 4 & incnes in great demand Uiere jg for O RIEN- WHITE AND BLACK POLKA Here's one if you do. Made of JUSl KeCeiYeQ -. and crinkled kind; 3^ Inches lonft;
lengtn, an one price TAJj j^CE for all trimming par- DOT RIBBON, of extra heavy satin, extra heavy lawn, fifty inches long, Another lot of LADIES' CHIC flve on a card. For ..10c
What WmiM Ynn fift ' - - poses. • 3% inches wide; just the ribbon for seventeen (17) inches wide, hem- ;. X^CKAVEAR. SIDECOMBS or HAIR RETAIN-
nUdl HUU1U 1UU uv Here's one — 10 inches wide, ln hair, neck or millinery ' purposes. stitched edge, with a row all around ,_„„„ pmr4T , ERS— Shaped kind that flta snugly
If you had too many GOLF or, leaf and flO ral designs; in butter Price c •...:.. .A yard 20c \ of fancy lace insertion. Price.. Ii7c ,-„," nf hi\, o «hYvT fJ^TZ to the head; made of the best qual-
WALKIXG SKIRTS on hand? color O nly. Price Yard 27c ' ;_ ¦ | | —. \ , M «J| ° talI( 5. 1U | ti f c ! Sed'- straps- also lt * of wnite celluloid. . . .A pair 25c
«Mth flare flounce effects, stitched. Why not prepare now for the warm TUC DDIOC PIITTCD — — 1MMCV QAX/IMR QTHDC Point Gene lace, in different leaf and mi.,, jt-x « i TTrnhMllfi
Tnd S cordeV binds, steam weatlier? Made of French lisle, IHt rmUfc-bU I I tK — MUNtT-oAVINO OlUHt floral designs. At the Price Cutter's HDy HOI Ml an UmOrClia
shrunk and strictly man-tailored;' mesh or knit, with one or two ... ¦ ,,-,,. „ «. „.- .. . . „. ,, «,,- „ -. now • 9<I For the May showers to protect your
in my oxford and green; they clasps, fancy embroidery stitching 816 Market St. ¦ II -Q FaiTell St. 816 Market St. II 0 flUtW St. LADIES' OVERCOLLAR— Made summer clothes? Made of best Ital-
hane ana fit as they should. In- on the back; in white, black, gray . of fine bunting, with colored Spanish ian twilled cloth and made with a
«tead of $5 a limited quantity or mode; kid in looks and fit, Jjut MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. MAIL OBDEBS SOLICITED. embroidered emblems, in different steel rod and frame. You can buy
will be sold for .-...$11.50 not in price A pair oOc v J v J colors. Price 15c them for 29c at the Price Cutter's.
ADVURTISEMi: 2JT3.Engineers* Picnic.
The train will stop at 25th and Valen
cia if there is a strike of the carmen. *
years in San Quentin. He was In love
with the young* wife of Walter B. Kel
ly, 844 Folsom street, and on the night
of December 21 he called at the Kelly
residence and sh*6t Kelly in the should
er. Next morning he again called and
attempted to shoot Kelly's mother, and
failing to force his way into the house
shot himself. He recovered, and must
pay the penalty for his crime.
Vincenso Giovanni, convicted of
burglary, was sentenced by Judge
Lawlor yesterday to serve one. year in
San Quentin. He entered the store of
R. Vanucci. 124 Pacific street; on the
night of February 19.
Chaeffredo Abello, who, with Gio
vanni Tallosano, conducts a liquor
store at 425 Broadway, filed a suit yes
terday for dissolution of partnership.
Abello claims Tallosano refuses to ac
count for moneys received by him at
the store and that he has ' not paid
Into the firm any portion of the money
he promised to advance when the firm
was formed.
Liquor Dealers at Outs.
The 'woman with- a tobacco disposi
tion, a hard cider flow of .language and
an all pervading air of unnpe persim
mons makes- a. man- willing to swear
that divorces- were made in heaven.
WIHiam Noon, convicted of burglary
In the first degree, was sentenced by
Judge Cook to ; 6erve years in
Folsom penitentiary. He entered the
rcom.of C. Heuser, 503 Mason ; street,
on January 2L A motion /was made by
his attorney for a new trial and for ar
rest of Judgment on the ground that
the information, which originally
charged him with six prior convictions,
had been altered to five, and evidence
was again taken with the object 6f as
certaining who had made the altera
tion,'but nothing definite was elicited.
The Judge denied the motion, holding
that although a felony had been com
mitted . by altering a public document,
the alteration did not prejudice the In
terests of the defendant. ¦
Frank Monaghan, convicted of as
sault to murder, was sentenced by
Judge Xiawlor yesterday to serve, four
Chew Lan Ong, a Chinese, was sen
tenced yesterday for the second time
by Judge Cook to be hanged t for mur
der. He shot and killed Gin Do HIng,
a Chinese boy 16 years of age, on July
29, 1901, because he alleged the boy's
father in China had swindled him out
of some money. When arraigned before
Judge Cook he pleaded guilty, and on
March 12, 1902, the Judge sentenced him
to be hanged in San Quentin. An: ap
peal was taken to the Supreme Court
on the ground that the section of the
Penal Code permitting a Judge to ac
cept a plea of guilty in a capital case
was unconstitutional. The appeal was
dismissed, and yesterday the defendant
wag sentenced to be hanged on July 22.
Chew made a rambling speech In
court, but the Judge told him he could
embody all that he had to say in a
petition to be presented to the Gov
ernor to commute his sentence to life
imprisonment. - -
PUBLIC DOCUMENT ALTERED.
¦"Hon. Judge Cook — Pardon me. I
write and ask a mercy for court and I
like, say little words before my sen
tence. Your Honor I was unhonest and
I done wrong and I am feel very sorry
butl cannot help It now so I am will
ing get my punishment for my crime.
"When I heard and I saw many friend
come up and .see me to say good-by
and they going back to Japan to jolnd
army and these boys all like me as
young as I am O, I am feel so shame
to see these young fellows but I can't
blame nobody, this is all. my own fault.
"So I promiss your Honor after
served my time I go back Japan as
Quick as poshble and stay with my
perrent and I gone be good and honest
and you cannot find me In the TJ. S.
any more and I understand 'honest is
good policy.' Your Honor please sent
me down to Folsom State prison to
s'erv% my time. If you do I am thank
you. Yours truly KEZO TOPAZI.
"P. S. — I do not have much edcation
In this country langage so I hope you
are understand my poor writing."
SENTENCED TO BE HANGED.
Kezo Topazi, a Japanese, who pleaded
guilty In Judge Cook's court to a
charge of making and passing a ficti
tious check for $50 on Y. Kosako, 525
Pine street, on January 22, was sen
tenced yesterday to serve ten years in
Folsqm penitentiary. He sent a unique
letter to the Judge, who intended to be
lenient with him, but when he found
that there was a prior conviction
against the prisoner for forging the
name of the late W. W. Foote, while
acting as Foote's valet, he gave him
the limit.
The letter sent by Topazi to the Judge
is as follows:
" "COUNTY JAIL, April 28, 1904.
Kezo Topazi, Forger, Fails
to Impress Court and Is
Sentenced to Ten Years
JUDGE IGNORES
A UNIQUE PLEA
The California State structure stands
next to the Illinois State building.' and
the • Fraternal Hall and Temple Inn are
Its neighbors. Not far away is the great
Agricultural building, the largest struc
ture in the world, having twenty acres
under one roof. Directly opposite th©
California building are the Japanese
gardens.
The California building has a facade
100 feet long. The depth of the main
structure is 45 feet. At the back is a
lecture hall, 40x35 feet in size. The floor
plan places an assembly hall in the cen
ter. This is heavily beamed, in the Mis
sion style, with trunks of trees. Out
from the assembly hall are the men's
parlor and women's parlor. Back of the
assembly hall is the office and informa
tion bureau. On the upper floor of the
building the rooms are arranged in
suites for the accommodation of the
commissioners, the secretary of the-com
mission and the families of the official
party, who will dwell therein during the
Exposition. *
The California State building at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition, at St.
Louis, stands on a hill, in a conspicuous
position,, near. tn4 center of the Exposi
tion grounds. While there are many re
markable buildings that will attract the
attention' of millions of visitors while
the Exposition gates are open, there Is
not one that has more intrinsic interest
than, the California building.
It is a reproduction, with great fidelity
to detail, of the famous 'Santa. Barbara
Mission. To make the reproduction 'per
fect the front has been chipped and
stained and grass seeds have been sown
between the flagstone pavements, that
the ravages of time and the characteris
tics to the most minute degrees may be
presented to the spectator, who may
thereby, see a vista of historical interest
exactly In accordance with the original.
The story is current that no woman
has been allowed to enter the garden of
the Santa Barbara Mission, although
there may have been a few exceptions.
At St. Louis the famous garden is en
tirely reproduced. The fountain is in the
center: the old woode*n benches are imi
tated and are placed as in the Santa Bar
bara Mission garden. The same varieties
of plants that have bloomed for more
than a century for the padres of Santa
Barbara will make up the garden show
at St. Louis. Superintendent McLaren
of Golden Gate Park has been given
charge of the collection of such plants.
Samuel Newsom. the architect of the
building, visited- Santa Barbara several
times and made a study of the garden,
as well as of the building and its sur
roundings, for exposition purposes.
Every Callfornian will wish to have a
picture of the California building at St.
Louis.
CALIFORNIA AT THE EXPOSITION
A Very Pretty Art Supplement, "Cali
fornia Building" at the St. Louis*
Exposition, IYee With Next
Sunday's Call.*
Glara/Evan's is bejng detained in the
City Pr!§on as a 'witness, in the case" of
George Pearson, w.ho . was" shot by
Charles-Tor* in'hei 1 room at 124 Sixth
street on." Xpril 17. The woman has
been in prison 'since the shooting and
her attorney complains that nobody is
privileged to see her. She is anxious
to return to her room to look after
her personal- property, bul " the police
refuse to grant- the permission. Cap
tain Martin says he has reliable in
formation - that the .woman intends to
leave the city if given her liberty so
as not to testify -at the preliminary
hearing and that 'Is why she is kept
so closely • guarded; Both Ford and
Pearson are 'Still .in the hospital. Ford
haiing jumped fieacly sixty feet from
a window after the'shooting.
cvrufnd "Witness Closely.
f eld's Sons for $205,000. John Rosen
feld's Sons have also bought the A.
Ruef property, on the southeast corner
of Grant avenue and Berry street,
with new five-story and basement
building, for" $55,000. The Walker prop
erty consists, of lot 68:9x68:9 feet and
three-story and basement building.
Speck & Co. have" purchased for a
client the lot at the northwest inter
section of Larkin street and Walnut
avenue, between Post and Sutter, 60x7B
feet, with three-story building contain
ing store and lodgings, renting for $235
a month. The price is $41,000.
C. M. Wooster & Co. have purchased
for a client 81:6x137:6 feet and thirty
two apartments on the south line of
Broadway, 137:6 feet east of Hyde
street, for $27,000. —
i VARIOUS PROPERTIES.
G. H. Umbsen& Co. have sold for M.
Siminoff 50x80 feet and six flats on the
southeast cornet of Oak street and
Masonic avenue for $30,000 to a client:
also for the same owner 25x80 feet on
the east line of Masonic avenue, 25 feet
south of Oak street; for J. W. Quick,
25x95 feet on the north line of Page
street, 27:6 feet west of Webster, for
$3750; lot 25x125 feet on the east line of
Waller street, 345 feet north of Four
teenth street, for $2250.-
The same brokers have sold through
their country department the Hugh
Tevls place, in New Monterey, between
Monterey and Pacific Grove, to David
Jacks on private terms; also forty
acres of vineyard and orchard eight
miles southwest of San Jose, for J. H.
Feehan to William Rlssland, for $2750;
ten acres at Belmont, by E. J. Pringle
to C. W. Willard. for $2200. and 14%
acres in Pacific Grove, Monterey Coun
ty, for Cora A. May to David Jacks,
for $2500.
Minor sales of city properties have
been made by Raymond, Armstrong &
Co. as follows: Lot 25x120 feet and im
provements on the west side of First
avenue, 200 feet south of Clement street,
from B. M. Ashton to M. Flatley, for
$5100; lot 25x100 feet and improvements
at 720 First avenue, owned by J. L.
Pinney, $4000; the northeast corner of
Clay and Cherry streets, 27:6x105 feet,
from A.- A. Foerster to M. A. Grant,
$5500; flats on the corner of Second ave
nue and C street, from H. B. Pinney,
$9500; flats on the south side of Second
avenue, , near C street, J. L. Pinney to
C. Grossman, $6500; the key lot, 27:6x110
feet, on the east side of Cherry street,
105 feet north of Clay, from A. A.
Foerster to J. E. Medau, $3500.
The following sales have been made
by 8onntag Brothers: Lot 50x95 feet
and three new flats on the east line of
Church street, 52 feet south of Army,
for $10,250; lot 25x100 on the^north side
of Union street, 112:6 east of Pierce, for
$2000 to a buyer who will build two
flats; lot 25x80 and two flats on the
west line of Cole street, 25 south of
Beulah, $6000; lot 75x120, on the west
side of Landers street. 135 north of
Fifteenth. $6300; lot 30x110 on the south
west corner of Buchanan and Lombard
streets, for $2000; lot 25x125 on the west
line of Landers street, 110 north of
Fifteenth, for $2100; lot 25x100 on the
west side of Sanchez street," 51:6 south
of Twenty-third, $1000; lot 75x122, on
the west? side of Stanyan street. 50
north of Belgrave, $1000; lot 25x110 and
three flats on the north side of Hayes
street, 31:3 east of Central avenue,
$7250; lot 25x100 feet on the east side of
First avenue, 75 feet south of- Clay
street, for $2300. . .
• ALL PARTS OF THE CITY.
The following sales are reported by
Baldwin & Howell:
S. F. Weeks et al to E. Hayes, lot
on the west side of Pennsylvania ave
nue, north of. Twenty-fifth street, 25x
100, for $500; M. Mullany to John Dol
ger, southeast corner of Hugo street
and Seventh avenue. 35x95, also ad
joining lot, from J. Frank Walters to
same buyer, total $3900; R. C. Atkins
to a client, lot on the north side of I
street, 95 feet west of Sixth avenue,
25x110, at $1650; California Title Insur
ance and Trust Company to a client,
three lots .25x106:3, for $8250, to improve
with three separate buildings contain
ing three flats each; S. F. Weeks et al.
to Frank Mellor, lot on the east line
of Mississippi street, 100 feet north of
Twenty-fifth street, 33x100, for $525;
Kate Spencer to Mrs. Hanchette, lot on
the east line of Eighteenth avenue, 150
feet south of H street, 25x120, at $1050;
Wi S. Leake to a client, lot on the
west line of Baker street, 82:6 feet
north of Hayes street, 55x121:10%, for
$2500; Bertha'A. Chinn to Mary Sweeny,
three flats and rear house on Sacra
mento street, north side,- 137:6 feet east
of Spruce,, east 31:3x127:814, for $8150;
Susan Bishop to John Gondolfo, lot
on the east side of" Polk street, 37:6
feet south of Vallejo, 50x100, for $1>000;
O. C. Cappelmann to Milton Hagen,
lot on the east line of Fourth avenue.
35 feet south of Hugo street. 25x95. at
$1500: Margaret Barrett to B. Getz. lot
on the east side of Twenty-third ave
nue, 200 feet south of California street,
25x120, for J650; southwest corner 60
vara lot from the Spring Valley "Water
Works to a client, for $17,500; F. E.
Beck to T. E. Brophy, two-story house
and lot, 33x100, on the west side of
Fclsom street, south of Twenty-second,
J5500; Daniel Murphy to Catherine
Fitzgerald, cottage on Church street,
near Army, lot 25x80, for $1500.
Through the real estate department
of the Union Bank and Trust Com
pany the 6ale has been effected of the
block bounded by Twenty-first, Col
lingwood. Twentieth and Diamond
streets, with the exception of a front
age on Twentieth street and a few lots
on Diamond street, to a client at a
private price. The bank has divided
this property into thirty- two building
lots, and is rapidly disposing of them
at reasonable prices and terms.
Other sales are: Eight lots on the
southwest corner of Seventeenth and
Eureka streets, for $9500, from John
and Henry Peters to Lemuel Arthur,
who . intends to . construct fiats and
houses; eighteen lots In block 1279A
1278A of outside lands, partly facing
on the proposed Market-street exten
sion, from Charles W. Pope and P. J.
Kennedy to Marie A. Baird, for $1350,
and three flats not yet finished on the
south side of Eddy street, 87 feet east
of Scott, from F. L. Hansen to Isaac
Frohman and Henry S. Nathan, for
$12,500.
The following sales .are reported by
6. D. Baldwin & Son: For H. Cohn to
the Norton Land Company, 20x35 feet
and three-story building containing, a
store and fiats on the southwest corner
of Post and Hyde streets, $13,000; for
Bernard and Johannes Schmidt to "Wal
ter L. and Emil P. Helse. lot 68:9x59:8
feet on the southeast corner of Clay
and Stockton streets, with six stores
¦and a lodging-house, on private terms;
for the Investor Corporation to A. Tra
panl, the southeast corner of Francisco
and Jones streets, 39x112:6 feet, for
$2000; for Mrs. Justlna Bauer to Mr3.
Catherine Josephs, lot 48x81:3 feet and
Improvements on the east line of Fill
more street, 48 feet south of "Waller,
$5950; for the California Land and
Granite Company to W. H. Goddard,
lot 50x100 feet on the south line of Lake
street, 45 feet east of Tenth avenue;
for the same company to Mrs. Harriet
B. Morchlo, 25x100 feet on the north
line of California street, 95 feet east
of Tenth avenue, $900; Mrs. Rebecca
Mathews to Henry Burrows, 50x120
feet on the east side of Fourth avenue,
225 feet north of Clement street. $2500;
estate of Bridget de Campo to Charles
Wehn, 20x57:6 feet and two fiats on
the north line of Lewis street, 80 feet
west of Taylor, $5500; A. C. Freeman to
Thomas Denlgan, the northeast corner
6f "Washington and Baker streets, 37:6x
102:8% feet, for $8000; City Land Com
pany to George M. Mitchell, 137:6x132:7
feet on the south line of Sacramento
street, 137:6 feet west of Laurel; Oscar
H. Ferguson to Luigi Torre, 27:6x120
feet on the north line of Lombard
The southwest corner of Montgomery
and ; Sacramento j streets has been sold
by David S. 'Walker! to John\ Rosen-
for twenty years.
OTHER ; IMPORTANT DEALS.
The following sales have been made
by A. J. Rich & Co. during the last
week: Lot and old Improvements on
Sacramento street, south Uine, 'near
Scott, 50x137:6 feet, for $10,000, to H.
Hale; vacant lot on the northwest cor
ner of Stelner and Vallejo streets, 27:6x
110 feet, L. Lee to A. Havens, for $6000;
house and lot on the east line of Ge
neva street, .south of Brannan, 25x100,
Culver estate. to M. Bracken, for }i600;
northwest corner of Jackson and Baker
streets, 40x128 feet, II. Lyons to H. Bal
com, for $10,500, as the site of a fine
colonial residence; west line of Stelner
street, 27:6 feet north of •Vallejo, lot
27:6x110 feet, with new residence of
twelve rooms and two baths, $13,000,
from S. Born to J. Boyle; M. H. de
de Young to L Ellaser, 1 or $15,500, lot
on the west line of Cole street, 82:6 feet
north from Hayes, 155x110 feet. Mr.
Ellaser will erect six residences on this
property, which will, he says, surpass
anything built In the park district.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for
Adolph Goldberg and Philip Conrad! a
building and lot on the east side of
Montgomery street, 50 feet south of
Jackson, 25x127 feet to Jones alley, to
A. P. Hotalihg & Co. for $30,000; also
for John W. Quick, three lots' on; the
north side of Haight street, between
Lyon street and Central avenue. 75x
137:6 feet, for $12,000, to the Golden
State. Investment Company; to Mrs.
Emma L. Hunt for Caroline W. Baker,
for $7375, the southeast corner of
Washington and Laurel streets, 31x102
feet; lot" owned by Elizabeth L. Mur
ray on the north side of Pacific ave
nue, 115 feet west of Baker street, 33x
132:4 feet, for $7200; A. S. Mann to
Maria and Margaret J. T. Reed, lot on
the north side of McAllister street, 87:6
feet west of Broderick, 25x112:6 feet, for
$2500. • .
Through the agency of Bovee, Toy
& Co. Charles Schlesinger has sold to
L. A. Steiger for $45,000 a lot 44:8x68:9
fet on the south line of Post street,
running through to Adelaide. The
purchaser will place a building of seven
stories and basement, to cost $60,000, on
the site. The same brokers have bought
for a client 34:6x60 feet on the east line
of Larkln street, 103 feet north, of
Geary, with 'two three-story buildings
containing Hwo stores • and flats, for
$28,000." '
' Raymond, Armstrong & Co. have sold
the northeast corner of Post. and Fill
more streets, 55x93 feet, for J.* de Paul
to S. V. Smith, for $20,250; also for Cal
vin Knickerbocker to H.W. Hobbs,
65x120 feet on the southeast corner of
Turk and Gough streets, for $35,000.
Madison & Burke have sold to a cli
ent of B. P. Oliver for $40,000 the north
west corner 'of " Post street" and Agate
alley, between Taylor and Jones streets,
40x60 feet, running through to' Lewis
Btreet. The -purchaser will' erect an
eight-story apartment building, to cost*"
$90,000, that has been leased in advance
BROKERS' REPORTS.
Baldwin & Howell report an important
sale for the Callaghan Estate Company,
comprising a block of land south of
Golden Gate Park fronting the south
line of I street between Seventeenth
and Eighteenth avenues, known as
Sunset block No. 689. Albert Meyer,
the banker, is the buyer. The terms
are private. The block adjoins the
blocks lately subdivided by Baldwin &
Howell, who will subdivide the land
after . sewer work is complete and
streets macadamized.
Interest north of Golden Gate Park
and west of First avenue is largely
stimulated by the contracts that have
been awarded for the improvement of
Clement street, the principal business
street in Richmond. With the excep
tion of one block, the paving with bi
tumen, the sldewalking with cement
and the curbing as far as Ninth ave
nue ts now under' contract. ¦¦. The only
blw:k not under contract Is that be
tween Seventh and Eighth avenues. It
is so manifestly to the Interest of the
property 'owners-to' improve that there
will probably, be little delay. Clement
street, with street improvements equal
to any to be found, will be in position
to rival the retail streets in the central
portions of the city in appearance and
relatively in business Importance. The
entire Richmond district will be bene
fited.
Large Investors in city real estate
are now much engaged in subdividing
great tracts of land and putting them
on the market for residence sites. The
buyers- for eligible properties of this
class are very numerous. The demand
is not confined to any section of the
city. Wherever there is a good place
to live and the prices are not out of
reach for the average buyer, sales are
effected* and the new owners stir about
to get plans, etc., for the homes to be
erected. There has been a great
amount of inquiry west of First ave
nue, nor th and south of the park, and
covering the region that extends all
the way to' the Pacific Ocean. Bankers
are buying blocks and selling them at a
profit In the portion of the city west
of First avenue.
It is announced that, owing to the
great success in the sale by J. C. Jor
dan of the block recently placed on the
market, bounded by California street,
Richmond, Jordan and Michigan ave
nues, Mr. Jordan has been prompted
to offer another half block facing on
Jordan avenue on precisely the same
terms and conditions as governed the
sales in the first block. The building
restrictions prohibit the sale of any
lot for other than strictly residential
purposes. A building containing more
than two fiats is prohibited; - also
stores, churches, schools, laundries, coal
yards, etc. The lots are being sold in
sizes averaging 33:4x120 on terms of
one-fifth cash, balance on time. The
departure Mr. Jordan made in the sale
of this property, from the ordinary
.twenty-five-foot lot without building
restrictions, has proven most success
ful and will doubtless result in a su
perior class of buildings which will cer
tainly tend to improve the value of
the land.
Demand for Sites for Residences Is One of the
Leading Features of the Market and Is Potent
in Keeping Up Record for Volume of Business
WEEK'S TRANSACTIONS IN CITY
REAL ESTATE SHOW GOOD PRICES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 1, 1904.
Continued on Page 35, Column 2.
34
Read This Stirring Romance of
.Pact; In
" NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
Do You Know About the Czar's
Dreaded ?Third Section"?
"BY A HAIR'S BREADTH."
BEGINNING OF A "SEW RUS-
SIAN XOVEL,
'. Cur^s Crip* and " •
• *" • •
Huaphreys* Specifics cure by acting
directly />n the parts w ithout dis-
turbing' the rest of-t-he system. • ...
So. • ' ' -.. • • CUBES
1. Tefert, Congestions. Inflammations.
a. Worms, Worm JTever, or Worm Dis-
ease. • •. .
8. CoUc. Crying a n'd Wake fulness of In-
fants.. , *.. ¦'
4. Siarrhea, of Children and Adults.
8. Tootkache, ' Faceache. Neuralgia.
5. XeaAacht. Sick .Headache. Vertl£ro.
10. Vycpepsla, indigestion. Weak Stom-
ach. '.
14. Salt Una, Eruptions. Erysipelas.
16. Xlivomatlcm, or Rheumatic Pains.
16. rever and Ague, /Malaria-.
30. Whooping' Conch, Spasmodic Cough.
97. Kldaey Stkease, Gravel. Calculi
30. XTrlaary lacoatlaence, Wetting: Bed.
At A.JCSlctE'.. 2S cpfits each or mulled.
Cloth Bound Book -mailed free,
Hux&phfeys' Hrd. Co,. Cor. William. & Jofam
6treetc. New Tork. . * ¦¦ - '-¦ -;;
WEAK MEN CURED.
' "H«ve you tried other
•iri<»tl3<-Kj» knd still find you
J-JA I «-r« SrxuaJly Weak. We
ili j-^f 1 want you to try ours on
¥a '*^* W ten da - VI ' trlal and ap-
VI * y* proval. Our "Perfect «sd"
VJl^S^l VACUUM Dn\'EI>OPEn
i«UKiL!JJr *n«J INVIGORATOR will
Xty&vm Inspire 7ou ' with confidence
f^fs v T?*ajg*Hfr. from t!j« first application.
n wlu <J u »cHl>- and r.at-
Nft^^gJP'^^ ural'.y rive -you the fire
•and vig-or ot youth. Used,
with oar voluble medicated urethra! crayonc
«-lll cure where all else falls every case or
Gleet, train*. Uosees, Premataresees. Enlar?e-
f&enta of the Prostate Gland, etc. Investigate
our patented eurprnsory and compressor for
Vartcocele— *he only positive local cure. Dr.
Llewellyn, one of our etaS of physicians, has
discovered a mysterious remedy, used locally,
that will give action and produce results in
five minutes. We want to appeal- to your judg-
ment and intelligence. Call on us or write for
our new profusely JUurtrated book Xo. 6. It
fully explain* our remarkable .modern home
treatment. Sent tecurely sealed free. Our phy-
edclans cure f.U diseases of men by new. Im-
proved methods end no money required until
cure Is effected. Private entrance. . Don't hetl-
tat«. call or write to-<iay. Hours. 8 to 8; Son-
day. 10- to 1. HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.
C OTlarrell »t.. near Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Lfct&icsue and Frioe Lists M&llol
en Application.
TKKSM AXD SALT ICC ATS.
JAS. BOYES k CO. cuyf^.!"^"^
ons.
UJBRXCATXXO OILS; LEONARD * ftLUS,
«11 Front st.. S. F. Phun» Main IT18.
FKisrzzra.
AJJVEBTISEMEMTi
999999 Z
1 CITY I fit PAR IS |
i Dry Goods Company |
| CURTAIN DEPARTMENT |
8 From our practically vnlhnlte^ assortment vc oHer these o
• sample >alycs— characterized by conscfentious workman- J;'V •
| ship and tried materials. : .s : : : » : : t : : j
J NOTTINGHAH CURTADfS-Rcal lace effectsv tfiree and three and a •
• yards . Iong :^ pair . *::;:::::: $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 s
g CORDED ARABIAN CURTAINS-New patterns, btrtton hole fmisfca •
o limited number of three and a half curtains for, pair CO RQ J
• RUFFLED BOBBINET CURTAINS— Ecrc and white, fofl size, rn J
© ranging in price cpward from, a pair OI.JU *
• RUFFLED MUSLIN CURTAINS— Striped and figured, in great nn. •
2 variety, in prices commencing at, a pair uuu ©
2 BONNE FEHHE CURTAINS— Real. Battenberg and Arabian, oc en #
© ranging in prices each, from $2.75. $3.75, $4.75. S5 opward to *J.UU o
• ANTIQUE and aUNY CURTAINS-Thc very latest effects in dja fin 2
2 f the four dollar grade will be sold this week at, a pair. . . . *O.UU J
2 COUCH COVERS— Complete-line in new colorings, fringed all arotmd, 2
2 three yards long, fifty to -ir «n tfjo 7K onri $A "Rfl •
S sixty inches wide, each.. W.lOfWi W./0 dllU 0**,JU j
• CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 2
• Geary and Stockton Street*, Union Sqsarfl. ¦ #
ADVESTISEMENT3.
ADVXETISEMENT3.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Perfect Fitting ftlO k
<2> Eyeglasses c£
j At Mpilerate Cost
V 642
TJ1")TTOTTT?O *° R BARBERS. BA-
***•*• UU11UU twuses, billiard tab)**,
brewers, bookbindsrs. candy makem. c*cat.-».
dyers. Hour mills, foundries, laundries, paptr-
hamers. printers, painters. sho« factors*.
itablemen. tar-roofera. tanners, tailors. «tc
BtrcaAHAn bbos.
Brash M*nnl»ctur«r». 609 Sacramanto St.
OCEAN TBAVEI*
m X^^. Steamers leare Broadway
/C^^-^Siv wharves, piers 9 and 11.
Afiyr San Francisco.
/aymja > \i*\ For Ketchlkan. Wranje!,
/ / V»T>SH 1 I Juneau. ' Haines, Skagway.
I I \fiik^/ / «tc. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Miy
\*\ \\ Yrtl 5. 10. 15. 20. 25. 36, Jun« ».
yyssjj Change to Company's steam-
x5««»iv''/ ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsead. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. B»l-
llnsham— 11 a. m.. May 5. 10. 15. 20. 23. 3O.
June 4. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
, For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :3O
p. m.. May 4. 10. 16. 22. 23; Spokane. 1:30
p. m.. May 1. t. 13. 19; Corona. May 25. SL
For IjOs Angeles (via Port Los ADTeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Cast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San '
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. May 7. 15, 23. 31, June S.
Santa Cruz. 0 a. m. (freight only). May 3. 11.
For F-nsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatian. Altata. La Paz. Santa. Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mes.). 10 a. m., 7th of eae*i
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sailing-
dates.
TICKET OxTICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace HoteD.10 Market st. and Broad,
way wharves. Freight Odea 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNAN.V, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. win
call for and ckeck baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
NOME
—AND— . •••¦J-
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST : ¦"- ;\
S. S. ST. RAUL
CAPTAIN C. K. UNDCTJ13T.
(Carrying U. 8. Malls.) -
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
JUNE F>. m.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers for
All BERINO SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's River Steamers'
for Fairbanks and sll points on KOTUKtJK.
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
XrOXTXBXV CO3C5CERCXAX. CO.
523 Crosslry building. Cor. Mission and New
Montgomery sts., San Francisco.
TOYOKISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc N(i
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S S. AMERICA MARU
Thursday. May 12. 10O*
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com.
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
- W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
O. #?. « TV. CO.
OREGON sails April 27. May 7. 17. 27 Jun»
8. 18 and 28. GEO. W. ELDER sails May 2.
l-\ 22. June 1. 11 and 21. Only steamship U n «
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through ticket*
to all points. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gan.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs., May 5. 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. May 14. 11 am.
S. S. MAR1POSA. for Tahiti. May 29, 11 a. m.
J.D.5PBICEELS k BIOS. C0.,l2tS.,TiCl"!t Mm 643 Har-
iet st, Ftelght oacs 329 Mattel St., Pta 7. ?i:\i: a
t0X?AS5IS GSXBBALE TRA53ATLAMTIQQS.
DIRECT, LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^fcta..
Sailing every Thursday Instead of -^Kjwii
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton st. .
First clais to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. 145 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 52 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Ycrk. " J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. & Montgomery avenue, San Franci3co.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
M*y tiUad ana VaUaJo St«*m«r».
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICEUO—
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. S:3O p. m. Leaves Valleiu
7 a. m.. 12:30 and « cm., except Sunday
Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50 eentw
Tel. Main 1308. x Pler -^ Mlasloa-sc 4ocX
HATCH BROS. yV.
THE REQUISITE AT SMART FUNCTIONS
1 I GIANT STRIDES!*
<& raSr ll Records BroKen
Gh* DISTINCTLY HIGH QUALITY
IPpHi : MOET (Q. CHANDON
"White Seal" ChamE^ne
-^MBJ^jAv^HbMNHjQdk F»©vsr V title %
- fjHffijjwMllW BfifJMJiBsv Messrs. Moet & Chandon own more vmtvards
'^ an '" l^ c ' cac^ in 8 Champagne houses combined
iKr 1^». an<^ c ovcr ' ' m '' ei °' cc " ars> l^ e most ex "
<^7<|wVy^9/^^^H "% Tlle!r "'" <Iunn| *** e " l<?Oi **"
«=W-^W& Bottle*. » figure new before reached by *ny Champagne home
/•p^l7^nW^y«fijF5~- Tlu* Cre*» Hou»e o<er» Hi choKeit produtt in
''fffiVSS&BT^tt*-. •'WHITE SEAL"
'-«"*»•»"»»-<>"*"¦ ¦¦...¦-¦ THt CHAMPACNE Of THE DAY
William Wolff & Go. PAanc coast acd^ts San Francisco, CaJ.
.'' THE, ¦ REQUISITE AT SMART- FUNCTIONS
ssBBi sssi ¦¦¦^¦¦¦b»bs«b«s»bmb^bbbbbmb* We are Just placing - on the market
• the very • best " product - ever , offered In
. ' * - . ¦ • the history of cereals. •
A _ _- ¦ fTTYinr"\nJ The Beaaa Byitam of foods means
" A\l^\^>/flin nFririJjII if IliaUll^/leL ¦'¦ '•' -V-- death to bacteria, germs, smut and mold
: f^HPAPAy/l HyJ U LElLhlLJ LT>C/Lral£3 generally found in all cereals hereto-
[mTmtjifi^tejfc. Since grain has been the basis of hu-
moEPEIiI llSSaJ I nil ITlliffffoiiu. man food I4 haB been and wI11 bo sut> "
llBf^llll 'EffiJ I WI I fimjj 111?^^. Ject to a parasite called weevil, also
llflnraOll BSB8JMW I flSSMfclin^^k moth and other germ lire, together with
'* y^frnll I niuSfiftf B(BB&|| flaffPiffllBff^alai^Mn^ conditions of smut and. mold, which are
-»"ni''|jtm«SpJj IStJaAl CTilire^lll^w'lmffMrnal^ML intensified, more or less, by climatic
iffiMrfMftlfflWSPwft fui lulTTT fflllllimr^lltellj I ]n6pH*Miyiwk ly overcome these conditions, and our
I inwa UPnimUH jjffPffitTTTTTml^^ theIr Perfected condition. The grocer
< fcffi'' i ||j|n^rtrllWffrt m M^B^^^^MPlft^B'HmfiffffflB^ 1 gv and the consumer have long been pa-
Wm llllllf-^LffflWfr 8*^* ~ /^tTi\7\ I stT^^fflTTlTIIlll»r^ tient sufferers by reason of the con-
HllllllllUmUUlUy^ -w fit 1 [ U I I I f/ • T\ BwJ Hr dltions that have existed, and which
• »[» 1 tMffllllBP^ /gJUl EpJ^^JjIpAJl' fEfttfiJegy science, for ages, has sought to over-
V^rjEriittiiy p^r9 m 'vK^jTft W iil?BiMil 1 m^^ come. Dr. Denne offers to the world
__^^* VnSv '"swll M I 1 1 1 I Ijffigtlnttir. the « reatest discovery of this ages — a
Jn H i {£. — -~ m ~Z^-~~^~S^* ~ Xlii^ Hfil Pure, nutritious, palatable and readily
/ ; —^^2I_— -/^ X \Xv7 j I fcr^ 5 "" " =: — ~« 8rf« digested by the most delicate stomach.
P : : : fip- — ~~^-<^^-Y J .^ — — — it ¦ m+y These cereals produce pure blood,
ft) t t!r^""""'"— Ifjr ,,. _" L .c /nTTnnjSTTJilj ffl tists and pure food experts pive heart-
'.t* ifcljL y^^i^^K \ ; JBa£ui# 'I* ir**^ S. fffOT lest. • unqualified indorsement to these
I g-'T^Oj^j C 5 » v& jCSL ,/zni— H? II i(]f Ova breakfast cereals occupy a class
.'¦¦• . ffi5k^ir^>i /tJ^tS^m; iV' J J^ : I jST world to place upon the market within
: U ft i * §^*^,^fa£» >^£4|f|| : : jlffi a sterilized foodstuffs. A distinguished
H j i A 'y?*v 7 scientist, an ex-army surgeon, has dls-
• K j .x* >JX \ WMs / '"^^ covered a process by which bread,* meat
j| j jr-rr^^Tjr/ X C^"** V**3fc> nutritious principles. This medical man
¦.V^••y^¦: v ' TIRADE MARK 1 and Manufacturing Go.
v ¦**^* mm^^^^^*^^ mm^^^^^ m^^^^^^^^^ 442-444 CROSSLEY BUILDING.
• :'.'.. ' t . •. , . „. Telephone Bush 674.
-..•:' y i ¦. . . . Factory, 434 Jackson street.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^ ss«ss^»«^^«BssBB^^^^BB»»^^BBBBBBSBBssBSBBBBBSissi««B«sss» Telephone James 3726.Thei police are .searching for four
year-old ; Violet .Lundberg,' who was
kidnaped 'last Friday from the Prot
estant Orphan' Asylum on 'Halght
street The' child's mother is Mrs.
JamesVShaw of. Oakland -and . Is
thought to i know more than she will
acknowledge about the taking away of
the :lntle girh' Violet . was 'placed Jn
the oRvliim bv. the Society for the Pre-
Seeking Kidnaped . Child.
, Next session will begin June Oth. Catalogue*
by hi)p!jir)»f,.jo Dr.'K --i: Crwfly. Mo U. »}. <»v«.»
San Francisco.'- Veterinary College.
The, Supreme Court, decided yester
day that Edmutid and iPatrick Fitz
patrick must each lose all interest In
the estate, of Jeremiah Pendergast be
cause they fulled to their
claims within five years after the
death of testator. It la stated that
non-resident allem heirs must ask for
v.'hat.may be left' them. tri the speci
fied period or their legacies will re
vert to the State. /Ten other heirs of
Pendergast presented .their claims on
time and will sscure one-twelfth of
the estate each. '•*
Lose Their. Legacies.
vention of Cruelty to Children, Judgre
Coffeyhavlng decided that her mother
was not a flt person to have chargre of
the child.- •" ¦ ' •' '• '.
AVaUlng: Loses Contest.
An attorney who represents per
sons interested in the 'distribution of
an estate is not himself an interested
party within the meaning of the law,
according to , a . decision J rendered by
the- Supreme Court yesterday. Attor
ney^ J. M. Wailing, while acting for
the administrator of the estate of W.
H. Kruger, had a quarrel with his cli
ent and was paid only a fraction; of
the stipulated fee.! He opposed the
distribution of the estate on " tht;
ground that he ; was an;, interested
party! The court says Walling- must
settle his trouble with his; client in
some other manner. ~ ' •
"- . «. . ' •v-;--;
Lawrence Must linn?;.
The Supreme Court declared yester
day ! that Charles Lawrence must hang
for assisting in the murder of • H; ¦ C
McCarthy \ at , Elk ; Grove, Sacramento
County, September. 4,^ 1902. ; Char Ie3
Padilla, who ; was . convicted of -the
Game. crime, was granted a new, trial
as a result of erroneous rulings* by the
Superior^ Judge before whom the case
was heard. McCarthy. was killed dur
ing the" course of a' drunken row with
Padilla, Lawrence ; and 'Augustus Mo
r r n 1 r liFfiffilTBfflTOffii^^
GUARDS AT SAX QUENTIX ,
MUST BK GOOD RIFLEMEN*
Those Unable to Make Sixty Per Cent
Scores to Be Relegated to\
Minor Positions.
SAN QUENTIN, April 30.— A g^iard
must make a €0 per cent score in
rifle practice or else take a minor po
sition on guard duty. Such is the ul
timatum issued by Warden Tompkins.
As a result one guard has resigned
rather than be reduced in rank, while
many others are contemplating quit
ting.
. Guards Sharpe, Cllls, Givins. Allen
and Sivlls, who have for a long time
enjoyed an easy job, were taken from
the' wall yesterday and placed upon
the midnight watch. The Warden in
sists that his men must make better
scores or they cannot be sharpshooters
upon the walls. Other changes are
expected in several ht the guard tow
ers and also the road gang guards. ¦
The Call may also be obtained
froni train News Agents on
trains in and out of St. Louis.
Lindell Hotel News Stand.
St. James Hotel News Stand.
St, Nicholas Hotel News
Stand.
E. T. Jett,' Eighth and Olive
streets; ¦
Fqster Book and News Com
pany.
George A. Hussey, northwest
corner Sixth and Pine streets.
J. J. JPnreell. Special News
Ascnt.
Joseph Copelnnd, Special
News Ascnt.
Philip Roder, Special News
Agent.
Southern Hotel News Stand.
Visitors to the St. Louis
Exposition will find this paper
on sale at the followinc places:
World's Fair News ' Company.
Planters' Hotel News Stand.
THE CALL AT ST. LOUIS
Lot and improvements on the north
east corner of Pine and Jones streets;
508 Mason street; lot, stores and fiats
on the southeast corner of Page' and
Lyon streets; lot and buildings at 316
an<r-316V& Seventh' street; lot on the
north side Of Fulton street, 150 feet
west of Larkin; southeast corner of
Nineteenth and. Sanchez streets; lot'on
the west side of Chenery street, ¦ 175
feet north of Randall; cottage at 4033
Nineteenth street; flats at 64 and 66
Sycamore avenue; cottage on the north
side of Valparaiso street, east of TaV:
lor; flats at 440 and 442 Teham'a street,
renting for $45 a month.
Next Saturday the C. M. Wooster
Company will run a special excursion
to Palo Alto and will 'sell at auction at
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction
city real estate on Monday, May 9. The
catalogue includes the following:
Three pieces belonging to the Julia
Leahy estate on the southeast corner
of Ashbury and Waller streets; the
premises at 2303 Devisadero street and
property adjoining, and l*t 25 of block
6 of the Mission and Thirtieth Streets
Extension Hc-mestead Union on Burn
side avenue. 275 feet south of Berk
shire street; also the premises at 1424,
1426 ar.d 1428 Jones street; the lot and
improvements at 2334 Howard street;
lot and improvements at from 1529 to
1537 Mason street; the premises at 3780
Seventeenth street; the southeast cor
ner of TwCnty-ninth and Church
streets; the Jot and improvements at
16 and 16% Washington avenue and, 9
and 9*4 Grand avenue; lots on the west
side of Webster street, between Fell
and Oak. and lots on Elsie and Cha
pultepec streets. 250 feet north of Es
meralda.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. announce an
auction sale to take place on Tuesday,
May 10. The properties to be* offered
include the following:
Jacob Heyraan has transferred the
business of the Jacob Heyman Com
pany to his son, Oscar Heyman. The
last named reports that he is building
cottages on A street, west of Seventh
avenue; on the south line of Chenery
street, west cf .Roanoke; on the south
east corner of Vermont* and Twenty
fifth streets; and on the west line of
Hoffman avenue, north c/f Alvarado
street.
Through the agency of Shainwald,
Buckbee & Co.. a five-year lease has
been closed with the Whitaker & Ray
Co. for a store and basement in the
Wilcox building on Mission street.
• THE AUCTION OFFEUIXGS.
Through C M. Wooster Company
the sale of 2000 acres in the Bopgs
ranch, near Princeton, Colusa County,
has been made to S. P. Forrest and
F. Kagell. representing a large party
of Bessarabians. who are coming to
California and who will probably be
followed by many others. The land
that has been secured, all being- irri
gable by the Central canal, Is reported
to have cost the Bessarabians $79,
150. Fifty-two families will be in
cluded In the first party to arrive.^
Fifty-four houses will be built on the'
tract secured and work thereon will
begin In the next few months. ' A
church and other buildings " will also
be ¦ erected. The Bessarabians come
from the southern part of Russia.
They are agriculturists and fruit
growers. It Is the intention of the
newcomers to plant their land to al
falfa and to engage largely in the dairy
Industry after the present wheat crop
ripens and is harvested. The repre
sentative of the Bessarabians. who
came to California to make inquiries
for his countrymen, will organize an
other party and purchase more land
in California:
The following sales are reported by
Raymoml, Armstrong- & Co.:
At College Heights, Farnsworth
tract, block D, to Henry Koehler.
twenty-four and a half lots, for $1900;
to F. A. S. Weaver, part of lots 13
and 14 in block F, for $1750: one lot
In block C to W. P. Todd for $1200;
two lots In block F to M. 'A. Howard
for $2800; lot in block C to v W. P.
Todd for $1200; lot in block C to J.
M. Burgren for $1200; lot In block D
to H. M. Jewell for $1200; lot in block
G to C. A. Magee for $1500; two lots
In block G to E. F. Duffey for $2500;
two lots on Parnassus avenue to W.
A. Lanhe for $2500; lot in block F
to W. A. Jones for $1250; two lots in
block E to W. A. Lange for 53500.
Also in Ross Valley Park: D. Foley.lot,
$S10; E. G. Foley, lot, $310; M. I.
Gibson, lot. $310; M. J. Hodge, lot,
$510; A. P. Cordrey. lot, $480; P.
Hartman. lot, $320; C. F. Stewart, lot,
$320; F. W. Jewell, lot, $325; A. O.
Jones, lot, $450; E. G. Lamotte, lot,
$600; S. L. Hanson, lot, $600; E. H.
Brown, lot, $320; A. Pasquet, lot,
$1200; W. C. Morris, lot, $500; O. W.
Jones, two lots, $1000; M. E. Duke,
two lots, $950; H. P. Crozier, lot, $400;
K. B. Jones, -lot, $400; W. S. Leake,
eight lots, San Anselmo, $4 750; R.
Leonhart, lot, $360; J. J. Hahdley. Jot,
£900: F. O. Stallman.. lot- $350; ,W.
Sperry, lot, 1350; M. A. Jones, two
lots, $975; F. W. Sparrowe, lot, $550;
A. E. Somerville, lot, $700: F. E.
Brune, one acre, Murray place, Ross
Valley, $900; E. T. .Perry, lot, $400;
R. B. Jones, lot, $375; L. A. Murch,
lot. $360; C. P. Davies, lot, $650; C.
E. Ligon, lot, $375; A. L. Hartman,
lot, $350; A. Isaacs, lot $350.
Sol Getz & Son report sales during
the r>ast week as follows:
Lot 25x120 on the east side of Twenty
seventh avenue, 100 feet north 'of S
street, to Catherine Riley; lot on the
west line of Forty-fifth avenue, 250
south of H street, 'to D. Babcock, for
$800; lot on the east side of Forty
sixth avenue, 100 south* of H street,
to M. Rooney, for $850; lot 32:6x100
on the southwest corner of r'orty-flfth
avenue and H street, to P. C. Cohn,
for $2250; lot 50x100 on the north line
of I street, 57:6 west of Forty-seventh
avenue, to M. A. Bley, Tor $1700, and
lot 50x120 en the east side of Forty
flfth avenue, 225 north of V street, to
E. A'-tucker.
-street, 16S feet west of Uaguna, $1750,
and William Alvord to Daniel O'Day,
fourMots on the east line of Belcher
street. 100 feet^ north of Fourteenth,
1Mx125 feet, for $6000,
B. P. Oliver has been appointed rent
ing agent of the estate of Alvinza Hay
\*ard. Mr. Oliver has long been con
nected with the Hibernia Savings and
Loan 8ociety. The bank holds a blank
et mortgage on the Hayward properties
to the amount of $1,000,000, drawing
Interest to the amount of about $100,
000 a year. The general supposition
is that the unproductive Hayward
properties will be put on the market
for sale.
.SI-ILLS TO COLONISTS.
A four-story and basement building
to contain a store and rooming-house
will be constructed on the southwest
corner erf Leavenworth and O'Farrell
streets, to cost $39,000.
D. J. Buckley will erect a two-story
and basement building on the north
line of Washington street, between
Buchanan and Webster streets, to co3t
$12,000.
The real estate department of the
United Bank and Trust Company re
ports "the following sales: Eight lots
on the southwest corner of Seventeenth
and Eureka streets, for $9500, John and
Henry Peters to _ Lemuel Arthur, the
contractor, who intends to construct
flats and residences on the property;
eighteen lots in blocks 1279A and 1278A.
outside lands, part facing on the pro
posed Market street extension, Charles
W. Pope and P. J. Kennedy to Marie
A. Baird,$1350; three flats on the south
side of Eddy street, 87 feet east of
Scott, flats not yet finished, F. L. Han
sen to Isaac Frohman and Henry S.
Nathan, $12,500; the entire block bound
ed by Twenty-first, Collingwood, Twen
tieth and Diamond streets, with the ex
ception of' a frontage on Twentieth
street and a few lots on Diamond
street, to a'cliont of the bank at a pri
vate price. The bank has divided this
property . into thirty-two building lots
and is rapidly disposing of same, sell
ing them at a very reasonable price and
upon reasonable terms. These lots are
well situated and command an unex
celled view or the city, bay and Oak
iand.
the place named 300 fine villa sites ad
joining the Stanford University
grounds. Only one-third cash will be
required and the remainder of the pur
chase money will be due In one and two
years, in deferred payments, the rat«
of interest being 7 per cent per an
num. The excursion train will leavo
Third and Townsend streets at 10:15
a. m. Round trip tickets will be U
each. ' • . , "
Baldwin & Howell will have an ex
cursion next Saturday to Santa Cruz.
A special train will leave Third and
Townaend streets at 7:30 a. m.; Four
teenth and Webster streets, Oakland,
at 7:45 a. m., and Park street, Ala-
# meda, at 8:20 a. m. Tickets will be good
'to be used on Sunday, but excursionists
that wish can return Saturday evening
on either the broad or narrow gauge
trains. The lots that will be auctioned
off by Baldwin & Howell on Saturday,
on the arrival of the excursionists, at
Santa Cruz, are situated In the Cottage
City, Tract and in the Seabright Addi
tion to Santa Cruz. The round trip
tickets " from San Francisco, Oakland
and Alameda will cost J3; from San
San Jose $1 75, with proportionately
low rates from points intermediate.
Full information may be obtained at
the offices of Baldwin & Hcnvell.
Robert PI ©per will expend more than
$100,000 in ;the construction of flfty
seven flats of three and four rooms
each on the corner recently purchased
at Van Ness and Green streets.
William Helbing will erect flats on
the northwest corner of Oak and Scott
streets, to cost $25,800.
Continued From Page 31, Column 6.
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL; SUNDAY, . MAY 1, 1904.
GOOD PRICES OBTAIN FOR REAL ESTATE
35
CAZADERO
Tlie Gem of All Ifcrtliern Ketreata.
OroTe, Forest, Olada and Sell.
r Creat, Canyon, Hill and Sale.
Xncll, Snob, Peak and Mountain.
The homo of the trout and the haunt of the
' deer. . Reached over th« North Shore Ry.. vU
Sausalito Ferryi • . .'.
A year ago I leaned this resort for a num-
ber of years. To-*lay I bavo the yleasure to
tell yoa that, owing to last season's big and
unprecedented patronage. I have purchased thia
magnificent domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop-
trtiea, insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley has ¦
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
Ing and bathing on the river, all free to guests.
Free camping-grounds in tbe Cazadero giant
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rules must be complied with. . *
Lots, one-quarter acre, for tale, from $10O
up. and cottages built to suit at city ngurea.
Taie Sausalito Ferry via North Shore Rail-
road. Round trip, good for six months.- $3 73.
' Round trip. Friday till Monday. J3; no stag-
ing; depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages. $2 per day; $10 to $11 per week; spe-
cial rate by the month. - '.
For particulars other than herein given writ*
J. J. THIRIOK. owner and manager. Hotrt del
Cazadero. Sonoma Co., Cal.. or North Shore
R. R. office, t!2tf Market St., San Franclaco.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian Rtver
below Gaerneville in a grove a mile and a halt
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new-
boats: will build a dam in the river; 4 mile*
of smooth water for boating and bathing.
Adults $2 per day, $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fami- .
lies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. I.. C. CXO-
PIUS. Camp Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County. Cal.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THK MOUNTAINS BY THE SEA."
BEN LOMONr>— Santa Crua County.
REGULAR SEASON. • ' — • '
Will open May 15th under entirely new man-
agement. Round 'rip tickets from San Frac-
cisco $3.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery at.. S. F., or to WILLlAil I*
DODGE. Lessee. , .. , . \
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health and pleasure-
resort la now open for the patronage of th*
public. Address - JOHN JACOBS.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
'Exterslvely improved »ince "laet season.
Opens Aprit 1. TWOS. L. BELL. Mgr.. Felton.
Cal. Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge.
Icot of Market rtreet. Round trip. $3.00.
LOS GATOS.
HOTEL X.TNDON— Modern Improvements,
exiecsive ground*' popular amusements; lawa
:*nnls. troquet: climate un«urpa*e>ed. Opposite
<epot. ' . .J. P. MOGEySON. Prop.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
GBAND CJEJITEAL HOTEL.
Felton Cal. Rates reasonable.
MRS. I. N. HATES.
H. S. B. ». TOGf\l^OPr\f\ M*riaC»
Bertrand Hotel; first-class accommodations;
special rates fur families and parties: fishing,
hunting beating, bathing; beautiful drive* to
l^ar Valley; telephone. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRANt), or Bulletin Office, every Thursday, 2
to 4 p-. m. : • ¦
tflDtlC'C *)KCT -Forde's R«st. heart of Sam* .
ruUUCOHCM Cru* Mt).. S. P. C. R. R-.
round trip $3; enlarged; surrounded by two ro-
mantic trout streams; fishing, hunting,- fcalh-
tr.g: a picturesque place. Adults $rt 3D per
week, children half price. W. C. FORDS. Ec-
des. Cal. ' .
PESCAEEKO. '
Swanton House. , under new management,
popular hotel of San Mateo .Co. Commodious
cottages beautiful grounds, famous pebbla •
beach, fishing, hunting, sea bathing. Phone.
Rates. $S and $10 per week. O. C. LUCE. -
Proprietor. " ¦• . • • «
UIHDNES'S PA&X, GaeraeTille.
A resort for your' family. Partly fcrnl^he-l
cottcgt». $12 P'-r month and up. Tents - and
platfcrma. Near Russian River. Board an't
' room at *7 50 per wepk. See PECK* a, 11
Montgomery st. ' ' • ¦ : ' • ' __
LAUH2L DEI^,. . . '
The Swltx-«rland of America. The only lake
resort that has It* own- mineral spring* Boal-
inr swimming, fishing and huntmg. EDGAU
DVr.NAN. «ole proprietor. Laurel Dell V. O.\
Lako County. Cal. * - ' • ;
HARBIN SPRINGS — Most desirable in Lake
Co.: contain sulphur, iron, magnesia -an4
arsenic; wonderful cures ©f rheuraatlsm. ca-
i tarrn, paralysis, dropsy.- kidney. . llytf and
stomach troubles: new gymnastum. ;c3wtt'*S
alley handball court and billiard room. Raund-
trip tickets. S. P. office. $S. J. A. HATS. Prop.
MOTTXTASB TZEW itAITCH 30TEL
and cottages, in the mountains, near. San;.*
Cruz. Flrst-clasa table and" accom.. gas.*bath*.
phone. tlAlly mall- bowling, croquet. 'a rauia-
' ments- terms. $0 up. Campers to Glanwoid. Inc.
carriage. $-175 round trip. FRANK R. DANN.
: Santa Crux. Frederlcksen & Sutton. 'Managers.
' EEBWOOD VaXtA EESOET.
Kxrellent board, home cooking; tent -ground.
it desired, with board. $5. Room and board S3
to $10. Best hunting and fishing. MKS. 'A. L.
ACKERMAN. La Honda. San Mateo County.
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully located in
redwoods & miles from Santa Cru2. Spring
water fruit, milk, .excellent table.: dally mall;
free conveyance: $7 week; phone Suburban 87.
: MRS. W. CRANDELL. Santa Crus. Car. ;
BEIil^ETOTE HOT33I., EL Veraao, So-*
noma Co.. 'Cal Terms, |1 day* a"nd up; . hot
mineral springs near by. Long- -distance^ tele- '
phone; dally mail. JOHN SERRES, Proprietor.
; QUAH.ETJ3ST — In the Simta ','Crua
Mountains. Terms moderate; no invallils.'. Ax>-
> ply toF. E. BSECHER. Wrights, Cal,'
ROCKY Falls Farm. 4 miles from Santa Cru*.
in mts. O.M.Phlppey.144 R.F.r» .Snta Crua.
ADVEKTISE3HLENT&.
tt. _ ¦ . .• ¦ . _^^ _""V ¦"••-* '-jj
S : -- : ••'"¦ ¦ • -'¦ "'¦• • • • ••• '¦•^•^B
n -»——"- - ¦¦¦— — g
g If you suffer with this dangerous and -g
| troublesome affliction, we will treat you until |
g cured, without .charge. When cured you pay.- g
g If hot cured you pay nothing. Isn't fair? g
g Hundreds have been cured by us. You. can ;,be; g
gjCURED too. Call and us. |
f Fidelity Rupture Cure J
g 1344 Tlarket Street 5an Francisco g
Siiiiiiiiiiiihiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiuiii
AS VX &TISXT2CZXT TS.
More people have been benefited by
a sojourn at Bartlett Springs than at
any other mineral springs resort on
the coast.
. A resident physician looks after the
health of the guests.
A general manager of amusements
is in charge of the social department.
An old and reliable hunter and his
dogs for the use of those who enjoy
hunting:. .
Competent masseurs in charge of
the baths. ;
A good table, and all kinds of
amusements.
Rates— Hotel, $lS>.0O to JB17«50
per week; Housekeeping Cottages,
$.'t.OO to S13.OO a week.
. Write J. E. McAlAHAN. Bartlett
Springs, Cal., or call at 2 Stitter St.,
San Francisco.
I Spend Your Vacation
¦to $2Q ¦¦«.¦¦
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs ..•-¦ "&?"¦•*¦
The most ideal resort for pleanure and
health on th«t Pncitlc Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from. Son Krancisco to San
Luis Hot Sulnhur Springs, Pan Luis
Oblspo. Cal.. and return, including stage
to and from springs and one week's
•board for !?"-»>.oo to 9UU.OO, according
to location of rooms, or board and a com-
mcdations ?tMM> to 91S.O(i per week.
Scenic furroundlUKS, . free, bathing,
boating nnd fishing on grounds. Klne
shady walks, tennis and croquet sroundp,
dancti pavilion for truest.'. Fin* sea
beach one mil.' from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cotteees and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout bulldincs and grounds. Our
table is well supplied with the best the
market afford*. Our -stast mrets trains
arriving at Ban Luis Obispo at 3:15 v. tn.
every dav (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sinatorium. -
Oy>l/^PO H0T SPRINGS. SONOMA
UnMuUU COUNVY; only IVi hours
frcm ' San Francisco and
mm ' ¦™"^™^" " but Dmilrt staging; Wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best' natural
hot mlnerul 'water bath. in State: boating and
swimming in -Warm Creek: good trout
Ktriamy: telephone, telegraph, flatly mall, ex-
press and San Francisco "jnotnftir and evenlnif
parers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL, AND STAGE
SERVICE: both rncrnlnsr and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50,>. Take
Tiburon ferry daily at 7:30. a.. m. or 2:.10 p.. m.
Rates |2 ft. day or ?12 a xppek/ References, any
Ruett of the 'past nine years. Patronage of
100-T unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau, It Montgomery st. or of
J. F. MULORKW. Skaggs. Cal.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hun tine, fishing,
boating, launch, horses, tsnnls, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda ceyaer in bathhouse, club-
house, etc, increased accommodations,, mod-
ern conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed. Table
a specialty. Rates per week. $10 to fl5. Photon
and Information 'at Chatfleld & Vinsent'g, 22S
Montsomery 8t...or address E. Jane Oardiner
(formerly manager Tamalpals Tavern), Soda
Bay, Kelseyville P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Extensive improvements this year. A new
sprlr.g found which will effect more cures In a
day than tbe other waters in a week; 15 miner-
al springs. We guarantee cure for dyspepsia
kidney, liver, stomach, rheumatism, blood, skirl
diseases, etc. llO.^o $16 per week. Information
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery st. or J. MAR-
TENS, Batchelor f. O., Lake County, Cal.
PABK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, Cal.
Under new management. Up to date.' Beau-
tiful grounds. Running stream and pond with
good fishing. Playgrounds for children. Free
carriage meets all trains. . J. D. CELLA, Mgr.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats: cxcolltnt table: climate per-
fect: Hi miles from Truckee, In an unbroken
forest. Information at Traveler ofnee, 30 Mont-
gomery street, or MRS.. H. M. CLEMONS,
Truckt-c. Cal.
V(CH? SPRIMCS
Three miles from Uklah, Mendocino County.
Natural . electric waters, champagne bath*.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal
spring; accommodations and table first class.
; J. A. REDEMEYER, Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 18. Two 'miles from Hoplantl.
Fine- medicinal, waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rate* $10 to (12 per week.
. KtAMATH SPRINGS,
. ,- Reswick, Slekiyou County. California.
Write to EPSON BROS, for Booklet.
OCCIDENT Ali ZT.OTE1., HAYWARDS,
First-class resort;- tennis, croquet, 1 " bowlinir,
amusement hall,' etc. Special rates to families
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDARD, Prop., phono
Black 141.
WHY NOT TRY
l~|ighlar)d
fFYCU ARE GOING TO THE
Springs
WE QV7T.K YOU THE HEST OF MINERAL
wti'i«. accommodations and service.
TaHe unsuiraasert. Room* hard flniahed. light-
ed by electricity. liulltllngs newly painted.
All th* poDuIar-^port* and amusements. Llv-
try, teleDhunt- and notWCce.
Shortest route cad 'cheapest fare to Lake. I
County. Most centrally situated. Delightful j
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resort*.
Make your reservations now.
TERMS — $10 to $17 SO per week. . For Book-
let, etc.. fall on our as— nt. H. R DUFFJN.
CSS Market street, or address .
CRAIG &.KERR,
Highland Iprlngs, Cal.'
VACATION 1904
IS NOWREADY FOR DISTRIBUTION.
' "VACATION" is :ssucd an-
nualiy by the
California North western R'y
".EE PICSUEISQU2 SCUTE Cl" CALIfORNU
and is th" Ktnndard publication
on the Pacific Coast for Informa-
tion regarding
MIYERAL SPRING RESORTS,
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This ,y»»pr> *>illt!on. ••Vacation
1904." contains over 13ft pages,
beautifully illustrated, and ts
complete in its detailed informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions,, etc.. v^Tth
••rm» from $7.00 per week up.
.To b» had at Ticket Office*. C5O Market
Street iChronlete Bulldrtir). and Tiburtn Ferry,
foot of Market Strevt; general Office. Mutual
Life building, center of Sansoine and California
Streets. San Krunclgco: in Oakland at »72
Broadway. -
ApoUcatloas by Kail WiU Sec«!v* Im-
medizte SeBveaa*.
s
H. C. WHITING. Gen'l .lanager.
R. X. nVAN. Cen'l Passr Agent.
JCAMP CURRY;
Opens May 7. ;;
I YOSEMITE j
SEIGLER Sprfngs
' Natural Hot Bath». Positive cure for rheu-
raaUsrn, asthma. Wonderful wateia for liver,
kidnty and alt stomach troubles. - Swimming;
pond, jrymnaitlum. ' Orchestra. Hard-nn!«hed
r6oms. licusekeepins cottages. Electric lights.
Arcenic beauty baths. Dairy. Rates $10 to $VJ
per week. Baths and amus ments free. Address
H. H. McGowan. prop.. Setgler. Lake Co.. . Cal.
LAKEPORT- AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Barttett Spring
via Lakeport. carrying paasensrrs for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect witu
trains at Hoirfand. Leave Hopland at 12:50:
arrlVf at Lak^porj «t :t:U»: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7::K>. New tt-horse l-l-pauencrr
tourist wajtonn.- with all the most modern ion.-
proverorntiu Passene«rs lor l«akeport or tUi v .
let'. Sprlnss. call fur tickets by Bartlett Sprln«j
Sta^e Line. Tickets van be {rarchased at orilue
of California N. AV. Ry.. ti30 Market St.. vr
at Tiburon ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Propj.
WHITE STXLPHXra SPHXWOS, ValUJo,
Cal. — Mcst accessible springs. tc San Francisco;
round trip tl. no Btafe fare; only 2Vb hour*"
ride* 3 miles trom Vallejo; hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths: wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and
stomach diseases. - Beautiful grounds and lake
for . boating , and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowllns alley and shuffle board. Rates.
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAS.
L'EL. MADRID. VallejO.Cal.
Cum Summer Horn? j» CaaiD Meeker
I'ure water.' equable climate, lots selling $10
up: cottages - built by Meeker. (50 up; depot:
ttores: renauunt: hotel: post and express;
tel«phon»; mwmlll; 900 lots sold; 300 cottages
built. Sausalito ferry. ¦ N. S, ¦ R. ¦ R. M. C.
MEEKKH, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
RFRfiCHFIti Delightfully situated tn ths
UCnUOtlCllH Santa Crux Redwoods. Rate*
$7 and .$3 per week. For circulars address G.
FV BlKDENWEO. R. D. 121. Santa Crux. Cal.
H. S. B. a.
ccBnnnnncnHBHEHBinHHHBa
| Wrinklcsr 1
I Shriveled Skin]
• "After using t g '
j^SSLjj^^ few ep plications ¦ '
X^^^^ft".'; .-cf Loli Monies E
. -fJVd^ST *^V ; " Cremr I have as- JJ
Kjjy'jWj:; . 'to ni shed my 2
- , i?*^:^:.^f':'".' friecds with a §
>V y^tfjlfffu. clear, smooth gg
JSr^ *. complexion." B
ffl -B --¦* ¦-•"/' A lady 55 B
years old bul
i- , , succeeded In r.*- ¦
CZfZ TTfr moving wrinkle* g
• («&&,&•.•. - Jrcm her face by S
'-«- using LOLA n
g MONTEZ CREME. It wiU do th* ¦ ;
g suns for you. To the young face it B
? gives fresh charms, to the old re- B
B newed youth. Pot 75c, last* three ¦
B months. All druggists. H
g TRIAL JAR. Lidies sending g
« this ad. iz& 10c will receive a jar ot S
| LOLA MONTEZ CREME, a box a
B of Face Powder and a book of in- B
g Btructioas. • . ; - ' B '
g Mrs. Nettie Harrison's §
0 4-DAY 1
¦ HAIR RESTORER g
tl WUl fcricg back the natural color. ¦
« Gray or faded hair restored penaa- 2
g Qtr.t y u-i:hout incoavraicace and «
c with no disagreeable alter elkctu Not q
q a dye; is ckaa; leaves so sediment g
B and dees not make the hair sticky. B
B 5 U00 per bottle. All druggists. B
g SUPERFLUOUS HAIR 8
B Permanently removed by the ELEC- •
H TRIC NEEDLE as operated by me. ¦
d MRS. NETTIE HARRISON S
g __ Dermatologist g
B HO GEARY ST,. opp. Ctyof Paris ¦
1 . H San Francisco, California. *jjj
. BatOnBBBBMBBBBaBBMMBMBB
Makes "Old Men"
> Boys Again
Free Ilepclpt That llestores Youthful
. VltaUty to Men of All Ages Can Now
Be Had of tbe Discoverer Wlth-
; ' out Cost—^Cure^ Xer\ous Debll-
;\ . ity, Prostatlc T>ouble, 12mb-
. . -ion>. Ei<%t and Restores
-•.*:."" * Normal Serve Power Al-
most Instantly.
FULL D1RECTI0NSF0R HOME CUBE
Now that th<*>: have found a new ingredient
that makes cures 60 per cent quicker than
formerly and practically elves the desired ef-
fect over nliht tfce Dr. Knapp Medical Ca. of
IXtron. tiue world'* createat authorities on
the cure or vital wea'kricsF. want every w«a<c
rn*n"to writf. thetn for the free receipt that
dots, thir wonderrul eood. and full directions
_ how to. cum. i uur*elf privately ax borne. Ther-
is- no nan -'fco- old \fcls receipt «111 not
¦j-r.iake 'him teel llk.e a youncster acair.; and
Hiiddlt-ai.fi. mta who t.hir.k their beat days
.are cone wiy have' a happy eurprise In ctorc
. fyr thtni. 'It ij a bfe«sinjj indeed to any man
v .... is not as rood as he used to tm, and
.'• xvhetUr you are in the £Os or In the 60s the
•€ST*ct will be equally satlafactcn' and quick.
1 .. • I"rc» what thcee who have us»d It aay. a
. .frt.an ca#' expect the. char.se in it** than 24
houi-» onij a jmr« in a ehort time.
.-It # cur»-fi Bama— debilitK. premature discharge.
• .undev».Jpp*d crpans. emimione, varlcocele.
. . stricture, lack <J power, exhaustion, etc., . and
<cfes it permanently to stsy cured. It acts
" *rec|;ly ca the muocular tisaue, mucous mera-
branes. tjerVea and jtiar.Ss, and the effect ts a
'. .comfoj-tlnt one indeed. .
. - van make o,*» of a receipt that brines
• e^<).ut such %appy r*«alts send your came and
' wGdreya. to-day to the Dr. Knapp Medlca] Co..
• 1 .'.]?; "HuJI bulldin?. Detroit, .lllch.. and H will
"•' ls V*f nt vou by return mail, tosrether with dl-
-:'-<-ti<:r;s fcr a private ¦ home cure and a de-
.; meriptlvm txxilPt en ycur-dlsease. all In an un-
¦t ..sr.sirkrd packejre.
•• •' be no dMar. ' :
!$Wi .Reward
For the arrest and ccrry-ictlca of aajr on*»
'-* at**u:tin£ meml>cn or- employee of this
s association or destroying; property beiony-
¦-i?- to them- 1 " .
. - m Ti Z^?A^AN C El
. r.epvt r>rotrfpt!y *• the Law Department.
" A!:lsnc». 217,Croa«ley building-.
" EXUCCTIVE COMMITTEE.
.¦";;-; • CITIZENS' ALLIANCE.
.^viair-DR^ JORDAN'S creat^
¦9-BUSESb- OF ANATOIirt
X •£* '**' •-* r V r " Asataaaiul Mmeua iu ti>« \
' '*} _ jjfij 1 v.'ar.d »ukiH>« ox tt .j rmuncted Q
A [\j£!& I - C - R - J3R3AK-0'SEASE8 OF WEN (J
'¦'» /A*« H ¦ Tr "*'""" T " i' > * r « < ? n *"r « b>' Irtter. A A
y 6 /TM V '*•"•"• c " r * '. a *»«y o« imdrrukea. \
AlS'l 1 ft "r !f (w B>«. PI!tl.UvurBV^ /i
• -V *¦";} t BinniACi:. , kailfi. irti, ( a Y
• a *i . / . Z> ' **•"* -' r - boot f o£. n*i. • \
* " CiUl JOCD4.V Ot CO.. IC5I M*rt»t SC.S. F. Y
Frescriptioirs 34,406 and 7.
¦.".GUARAurrfczD eras rpn rxzv.
i:a. KJILESS IN JXCTIOBT. Cures ordinary
' "-i-.sr-js io &.':fx days. Warranted to cure
irosrt c;is»-a. SO OTEEK TXSATMXV7
UTQXmbEB.. PreyenU- and Cure* Strlc-
•jurfs. FKETSHTS, COSTTAOXOW. Harm-
• \etrn. Ji'.oo for both bott'ea. For sale onl/
•• rri^T-sf fsasxact. 102 Eddy.
:" * |AStHMANOLA|
. '' , 1% the- enly cure for K>rvons a&fl
. ' • . Eycnchlal AJSTHJ4A.
• -i'cur Ury^t'A «r at 63S i^AlUiiT ST.,
« • £in Franclfcco. CaL
;' : a ad way's
'* j.Pure^r regetable. tm'W and reitlabla. Cao*ef
p<r!*«t dircstioa. cbmpleu absorption "«ad
bolthfUl .r<>BClarity. • St^SS
. Kor cur* of all dUorders of Stomach. Ll»er.-
ffri-rWKtfl*ry». Dladtler. .Female irrecularlucs.
-, L.- k !i adj. !, ; ,JJiliouEnf-.--e,C</ittipat:on,Pi(e» and
fcll derangements- of Internal Viscera. 25c box.
M>tavzsXu- «r by mtlL. R«dw*y ft Co.. S T.
ADVTRTISE2ULKTTS.
THE GEYSERS
The Moat rimotii Keaita and Pleaauxa
Ecocrt in California.
THE CLIMATK AND SCENKHV are unsur-
pa«sed and the waters are acknowledged tht
best on the market. Natural ; mineral. nt»am
and Hammara bathn. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral «-at«»r. ¦ Boating, hunting. fi;hing.
danoinif. fhufrte-board. billlanls and ero«|U»t.
THE .HOTEL -ANO COTTAGE*. l»a\e been
renovated ..throughout, and new cottage* and *
fln» pavilion built th!» year.
Ther» will b^a fully »<jufpperf dairy and Itv
ery nable In connection with the hotel. The
hetrl. cfittagef, .bath houses and grounds art
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will txfsupplied with ih* best the
market uffonla. Kat«> $10. $12. $14 and tl«
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. II. CURRT. Prop, The Geyser* .
. '-' flononn County. California. i
Agua Cal iente
Springs
We havo adJcd many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round: the nearest Hct Sulphur Springs to
tian Francisco, temperature 115 degrees: no
staffing; far* $1 10; sure cur« for rheumatism,
asthma ani all kindred nllments. We nave five
dtiTerent Hot Sulphur .Springs: tub and plunge
bmhs and th-J largest mineral w-iter fcwtmmlng
tank in tho State. Tsble and rooms are first
Claw. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Caliente
-Springs., Sonoma County. California.
We ha\ c erected a f tone . building, modern
dinine-room; can rent. 400 guests.-
— _
Sititated in Vendome Park of 12 '
acres, a charmlnr summer r*sort: ;
both city and country advantages: : -
nvtorrnblie Bnrag' 1 on fhe i?ronnd« ¦
f r«-e to , guests. Bathing ¦ pavilion, ¦
bo.vlinK alleys, tennis, etc.. New ¦ %
auto road map cf th; . ¦ ,
pUcaticn. . • jjAxsul «
f • , ' ¦ ' ; ' ¦ ¦'.--. — -
Ideal; turameY resort." hunting., beating, fish-
ing. ". MuKfe every ftvenirrp." Send tor pamphlet.
O WK1SMAN. Mldlak- P.' O.'. Cake county. Cal..
or call on pr. Happersbergef. 1104 Market. S. F.
""PARAISO SPRINGS
- California.
The leading summer resort of Cali-
fornia. Hot soda and sulphur bath.*.
Excellent table. Concert by Bro-
haaka's Bond every day. Send for
beautiful booklet and rates to
g. Vr. SCggQEPSB, Mgr.
MARK IIIEST
fjffS MR?, c. WIW cpniupp
B B 1 JDEF.O. N3EN gj Q 01' nlliUO
Will manage the xprlngs; many Improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gaa all over place;
$2 day: $12 week. Office b\H Larkin St.. or
Mark West Springs, Santa Ho?a. Rural No. 6.
LAKE GOUNTY~
New. comfortable carriages direct to th«
mnst picturesque portion of California. Best
equipi^d stage line .n the State. Leaves Oalls-
tojra daily (Sundays exceptcd) at ll::w a. m..
direct 'to Harbin, belgler, Adams, Howard. An-
rterxon, Hobergfl. Spiers. Astorgs and Olenbrook;
half hour fur. lunch at Calistoga; also to Mid-
dletown. Low<>r Lake, K«lseyvllle ani Lakeport.
Livery in connection. _' WM. SPIERS, Prop.
, §k4^J52hHH Awninar». Eacimocii,
, Tel. Mafn 549, 111 Clay st.
JOHWNNISBERG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room : hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
ing; *10 anil ?12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
KNBURO JR., Prop., Oakvllle. N9Lr<a Co. or
INFORMATION BUREAU, ao Montgomery st.
SOLID' COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved; 1000 feet altitude; no
fcp: clinjute delightful; large orchard; vegetable
arardtn; hot, cold baths; tprlng water: cement
swimming tank. 40x80. Rates' $s week up; staga
meets train. - Echuler . & Scheben, Napa. Cal.
HOWELL MT., WOODWORK'S JWS;
No log. Purest »prlns <v-ater. Climate natural
tcmc and tnvlgorator. - Residence 13* yean>.* $7
per week; Wood worth & MulUr. Rt.Helena.Cal^
FOE BENT, at Camp Meeker, a. fur-
nlKhcd cottage; .*5 rooms. Box 1053, Call Office.
CIGARS
Selected Tobaccos
Expert . : . Workmanship,
* *uul j i i r*\ luu
i 4BagsWffl%MB& fifty
WlMJrMMlCD PQSTPA/D
yfc^^L L- Miller &Sons ~
ifiKm^^s — 153 cr6sby st^n.y.
¦ ¦ ''"¦.¦': ¦ . " ' • - v ¦ . •.Special ' information supplied daily to
business - houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cal
ifornia street. , Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend'a California Glace fruits and
choice candles, in artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present lor Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building..*
" -Plans -for/the proposed'- new^capital, of Philippine
Islands have been prepared and j submitted ; and: have, met
with ¦ the ; approval of i the; .authorities' at ' I f
it .were as 'easy to determine \ tne^character- of I the* people
inTa. city; as .;it; is-to build ;the -city itself .the.: stupendous
problem of our South 'Sea possVssiorisiwbuld* be rsolved;
• What is tantamount - to a chair • of
American questions . exists ', in * the Col
lege .of France. "Last year .Professor
Izoulet gave a course of lectures upon
economic questions In .America.
year the subject matter of his course
will.be religious questions In.theiUnit
ed State»*~" : '.-->•••-
' Lord Kelvin's election to the lord
chancellorship of Glasgow University
has ¦ loosened the . flood of anecdotes
>vhich' have gathered round his great
name. Most Kelvin stories which ob
tain in Glasgow are founded upon the
occasional Inability of the great' man
who lisped In logarithms to bring his
mind -to a childish .sum. The famous
one; tells ..how- on his blackboard he
once made^two and two, five, and, hear
ing the chuckles of the delighted class,
altered it hastily to three.. He was,
however,. once heard to say, with his
beautiful use'of the soft Irish r,- "Seven
times nine," Mr.- Mac-far-lane," are* a
hundred "and; what?.; .(Pause.) ' But, no;
seve'n.tlmes nine' cannot be! a hundred
and ; anything, "Mr. .Mac-far- lane, for
•th« square of a N hundred I Is 1 ten." It is
also /told of .him; that, -walking one : day
.with' a; friend iri'-Largs, henoticed that
it; had begun; to rain. He questioned his
friend 'closely as to where' bis 'coat ' and
Kelvin's Mathematics.
LARGE STEAMERS— T. B. H., v Pet
aluma. Cal. Among the largest Atlan
tic* steamers are the Kaiser Wilhelm II
of the-i North German Lloyd— length, 707.
feet; breadth, 72; depth, 57;. tonnage,
19,500 gross. The Oceanic of the White
Star line— length. 704 feet; breadth, 63;
depth, 43;, tonnage. 17,274 gross. The
Celtic and the Cedrlc of the same Jino
have the following measurements:
Length, 700 feet; breadth, 7J: depth, 49;
tonnage, 21,400 gross. "The Oceania and
the" Kaiser Wilhelm II are. both long«?
than the Celtic and Cedric, but the lar*
two named have a greater breadth and
tonnage. These two are the first ves
sels of the trans- Atlantic fleet that
have been built with more than 20,000
tons gross. In. view of this, It may be
said that" the Cedric and the Celtic are,
while not the longest, the Iarge'st
steamers . afloat. The length of the
Great Eastern was 692 feet: breadth. S3
feet, and height of hull. 60 feet. She had
a carrying capacity of 5000 tons of mer
chandise and 15.000 of coal for fuel.
THE recent tests that have been offered the first con
testants "fpr, the Rhodes* Scholarships at the Univer
sity of -California and institutions throughout the
East bring into prominence the significance of this edu
cational movement and open again [discussion of the idea's
merits : and demerits. One prominent authority. ..upon
education, Professor - Goldwin Smith, takes a pessimistic
view of the worth of Rhodes' "ethical and\ political de
signs"-as manifested in his generous disposition in favor
of American scholars. He "can see in them, nothing: of
value for the student on.this side of the \vater, who'wins
the privilege of a course at England's venerable uni
versity. , ¦ ' .:;-.-.¦:, ¦' •
"I fail. to sec clearly," saysProfcssor Smith in the last
number of The Nation, "what object can be gained; by
transferring a number of.prominent'students-.in the. form-'
ative', period of life from the universities- of this ¦ continent
to a social and political atmosphere differentfromthat-iri
which their lives are to be. passed. ' I have "seen'.some- ;
thing both of and 'American 'universities'; and; my
impression is that all ; things' taken : into an
American or Canadian .will • gain no more 1 by^ being •trans
planted to .Oxford for Cambridge than,an Oxford or Cam
bridge man 'would gain by being transplanted -to ' a.'uni
versity on this continent." '•. ¦ .,".;. V .
-While not venturing an exception to .the. opinion of a
man . whose . utterances 'are'; based^upon ; long experience,
it.may.be suggested, nevertheless,' that Professor,. Smith's
views smack somewhat ;of iron-boundi standards' /of
educational science. Lqoking at 'Oxford strictly f rom ! the
point' of view of adjudgment, upon ; its ability . to offer a
fitting /curriculum for graduate study, the 'professbr has
decided ;that the!, old •university, is behind^those^of Amer;'
icV: in; the ] matter: of "the • practical value of its educational
WITNESS TO A WILL— E. M., Tuol-«
umne, Cal. In California "all benefi*
cials, devises and gifts whatsoever
made or given, in any. will, to a sub>
scribing witness thereto are void, un
less there are two other ~ subscribing
witnesses to the same, but a mere
charge on the estate of the testator for
the payment of # debts does not prevent
his creditors from being competent wit
nesses to his will." "- . .
WORTH OF RHODES SCHOLARSHIPS.
POLL TAX-7O. A. B., Frultvale, Cal.
Poll tax In California, If not paid by
one required by law to pay the same,
becomes a Hen on the real property of.
the delinquent, If he Is tne owner ot
real estate.
WITHIN the past week readers of San Francisco
papers have had brought to their notice a con
clusive demonstration ; of what a perfectly,
equipped and 1 , energetic news service could accomplish.
On Sunday, April 24, there appeared exclusively in The
Call a complete and authentic account of the < compact
made between the Santa Fe and Southern Pacific rail-'
road systems for the joint control of: existing and 'pro
jected iincs on the Northern California coast, a.mattcr
which has been the subject of rumor and speculation
since the Santa Fe extended; its system into this State.
Following closely upon this exclusive 'announcement
there appeared in. The Call's columns on Tuesday, April
26, the only published accountof the imminent distribu
tion, of the greatly contested Fair estate— an account
made authentic by the citation of the exact terms upon
which the division is to be made. .
The j Call brings these two instances to the. attention
of its subscribers as examples. of the work it~is doing in
getting- the news and placing it before its readers first.
Such an organization of the news-staff. as-is necessary
to accomplish achievements ; of this order must- in
dubitably make for the constant demonstration* of its
superiority and assure the. increased /confidence' of sub
scribers. In the modern .newspaper; field 1 it .is i the
journal which 'combines celerity in the acquisition of
news^ with promptness, in presenting: it that commands
the faith of the largest number of , readers.
>- That a high; grade of efficiency. in. a;paper's news ser
vice is accompanied '¦¦ by ah . increasedTa'dvertisin'g strength
¦ is. a truism '.which is readily demonstrable. ; The total in
crease.in classified advertisements appearing. in^The' Call
for the first three months . of .•the new j year ; over a \ similar
period in .1903. amounts i^to. 13,121 advertisements; repre
senting a '. space in the .paper of '5682 inches. . This , is,
perhaps^ a more solid earnest of wliatThe' Call- is < doing
in the' matter of : progress ¦¦ than -any other single circum
stance tliat could. be'eitcd. ;';; ¦!;
Oakland is to be congratulated. on the • fact . that she
seems to have. settled her differences with- that interest
ing element of her industrial population, the scavengers.
The discussion, for a city esthetically inclined, certainly
was not grateful, and . in the campaign for the beautiful
which the town is now conducting it ..was positively
SOME PROOFS OF MERIT.
RADIUM— C. A. H.. Contact, New
For such Information as you tieslra
about radium address a communica
tion to the State Mining Bureau, Union
Ferry building, San Francisco, CaL
LOST VOICE— Reader of the Call.
Pinole, Cal. According to a bird fan
cier's manual, the lost voice of a canary
may be restored by givlnjf the bird!
sugared water to drink.
T Answers to Queries.
With hideous gong
It scurries along, V
While hearing its clatter
Pedestrians scatter
With terrified feelings.
And murmurs and squealings—
True music indeed
To this demon of speed.
Behind it are lying
The maimed and the dying.
Work •.for the hearses.
The doctors, the nurses.
See, it disperses*
The citizens, flying
With anger and curses,
And thanks for small . mercies.
Dark and demonic
The motor-king: reigns,
And rushes symphonic
Through highways or lanes.
The air that is tonic /
Enriching his veins.
See." his disdain
For the hurt and the pain'
Of the wounded, the slain!
Watch- him beguiling
With eloquence smiling'
The sweet motor-maiden,
Witb-fond fancies laden.
Wondrous her bliss is;
Perhaps there are kisses
Snatched without fearing
>lid headlong- careering,
Veering and steering.
Joy. such as this : is
The rapture bestowed
On the favored omnipotent King of
. the Road. '
'-' . — London News.
Dashing and crashing, ..
Puffing and blowing,
Hot and defiant.
A headless giant.
The motor-car rushes.
And smashes and crushes.
Heedlessly going
With petroleuse savor
Xo fear and no favor.
King of the Road.
The public has at least one satisfaction in connection
with the white schemers who were recently convicted
in .the Chinese substitution cases.- While no remedy
suggests itself for theevil these men have; done to the
community, there is some -gratification in \ the fact that
they can. secure no substitutes for the punishment they
must now endure. . , . ,._ ,
In Ceylon there is a tree called "Eve'a
apple tree," which Is remarkable in'
that the. orange red fruit Is beautiful
to look upon, yet out of each fruit a
piece appears to have been bitten. It Is
said that the simulation of a fruit
which has been bitten Into Is perfect.
For this reason and because the -fruit
Is a deadly poison, the natives declasa
that it Is the same tree which grew la
the Garden of Eden, and It Is a per
petual reminder of a disobedient act.
Eve's Apple.
William McCarthy. had served two
terms for burglary in San Quentin, and
when he was in the County Jail await
ing trial for the third time It occurred
to him that he was in a tight box and
a very long term stared him In the face.
He decided upon playing the insanity
dodge, and for two weeks he scarcely
ate any food and remained dumb.
When spoken to he would look blankly
at the speaker and shake his head.
The matter was called to the atten
tion of Judge Cook, and he ordered Mc-
Carthy sent to the Insanity Commis
sioners for examination. He would not
answer any of the questions put to him
by the Commissioners, and he was kept
under surveillance. The^cpncluslon was
reached that he was shamming, and
one of the doctors at the hospital de
cided upon putting him to the test.
McCarthy was strapped to . the oper
ating table and his back bared. The
nurse had -been told to have a bowl of
lukewarm water in readiness, and the
doctor, placing hjs instruments where
McCarthy could see them, picked up
one and pretended to make an incision
in McCarthy's back, while the nurse al
lowed the water to trickle down his
spine. •
"Great Scott," ejaculated the doctor,
"there is something seriously wrong
with (that man; his blood Is black in
color. I'll have to cut deeper to see
what's the matter."
..He had just . seized another Instru
ment when McCarthy yelled:
. . J' Wpt's ! de , matter wid you, you
chump. There ain't nothln' wrong wid
me."
"That's just what I thought," replied
the doctor.
¦ McCarthy is now serving a long term
in San Quentin.
'Something the Matter.
THE transfer of $40,000,000 to pay the French com
pany for its franchise, construction and rights in
the Panama canal and its stock' in the Panama
Railroad affords a study in the nature and functions .of
money. The United States treasury has the gold ready
to. pay in a lump sum. But the transfer to Paris of so
much' money, when the financial law of gravity is not
demanding its use there, would produce the same. effects
in the financial world as a flood v of water beyond the
needs of the land which it overflows.
International exchange would fluctuate, and if the rate
of 'interest and discount declined, those who* had made
prior use of their credit at the prior rates would be
placed at a disadvantage compared with those whose
credit would be available at a lower rate. In other
words, too much money at a given point, being there
for a reason* not existing in the state of trade and the
demands of commercc,'is as. much embarrassment as too
little. For these reasons it has to be arranged with the
French banks that the payment shall be in such install
ments :as will permit gradual absorption of the whole
without injuriously affecting discounts or exchange. If
the United States had . to borrow the Imoney the case
would J>e different. . Then our bonds for the - amount
would be taken in Paris and the whole sum -would be
furnished from the. existing, store of capital there. It
would simply be changed from one hand to the other
without increase in volume.
It'.is a case in whichour: solvency and our surplus of
cash on hand, making us a readj money and pay
as-we-go country, must make an impression upon Europe.
American pride may well assert itself, "and without of
fense, because we are the only nation in the world that
can pay out $40,000,000 to France and ',$io,ooq,ooo. to
Panama, from cash on hand without going into the mar
ket to borrow. It is also matter for self-congratulation
that this is done for the greatest constructive. work ever
undertaken' by man, that will revolutionize the commerce
of the planet and distribute its benefits to every human
being that lives to sec its completion.
PAYING FOR THE CANAL.
The Russians, it is announced, are willing to hazard
the annihilation of their Baltic fleet to reduce, if pos
sible, the naval odds against them in the Oriental seas.
This decision of the Slav fighting sailors should create
no surprise. Sentimentally at least it is far better to
have no fleet than to have one and not be able to use it.
Young Don Alfonse of Spain, who
only attains his eighteenth birthday
this month, has strengthened to a
very important extent his hold upon
the good will of his subjects and
his prestige abroad by the courago
which he displayed during his ten
days' stay at Barcelona. He had been
urged by his relatives, by his courtiers,
and even by the principal statesmen
of both political parties, as well as by
the press, not to visit Barcelona, which
is renowned as the moat turbulent city
In Europe, and that Is honeycombed
with republicanism, socialism and an
archism. If he had listened to thesw
counsels he would have, remained at
Madrid. But realizing with a precocity
far beyond his age the peculiar po
litical, economical, social and reglon
alist features of the Catalan provinces,
he insisted on going to the spot to
examine the real state of affairs him
self, and not only did he go to Barce
lona, but he visited the resorts and
haunts of the working classes who are
reputed to be anarchists, conversed
with the workmen in their factories in
their own dialect, which he had taken
the trouble to acquire, and generally
behaved like a ruler who had- entire
trust In his subjects.
During his stay- two efforts were"
made to assassinate his Premier,
Senor Maura, the one by means of a
bomb, through the explosion of which
several people were hurt, and the
other with a knife, from which, the
Premier sustained a slight wound. But
the King himself not only escaped un
scathed, but* no attempt was even
made upon, his life, and he. has :~re-r
turned to Madrid, having won. If, not ";
the affection, at any rate the respect»'
of the people of Catalonia, who ad
mire him for the courage and resolu
tion which he has displayed In vislt'ng
them and who now entertain some
faint hope that, having studied on the
spot the conditions of which they
complained, he may Initiate some steps
toward the remedy of their wrongs.
Nervy King Alfonso* . #r 5
Perhaps the most remarkable of the
many odd petitions was that presented
by a man some years ago. who prayed
the House of Commons to disconnect
a telephone wire which he stated had
been laid to his brain by the 'detective
department of the Scotland Yard, in
order to discover his secret thoughts
and whether he was in any way con
nected with dynamite outrages.
Every petition, however, whether it
it is of an important character or oth
erwise, and signed by a million Brit
ish subjects or only one, is dealt with
in the most formal manner. At the
commencement of each session . the
House of Commons appoints its select
committee to report on th'e number
and nature of petitions presented, to
gether with the number of signatures
attached. It Is also the duty of the
select committee not only to count the
signatures, but to see that each one
Is genuine.
With regard to the latter, point, one
authority asserted some time ago that
if the whole of the petitions which are
sent to Parliament were sifted from
top to bottom It Is probable that not
more than 25 per cent of genuine sig
natures would be found among them.
The fraud which was discovered In
connection with the famous '- monster
Chartist petition of 1848 emphasized
the necessity of carefully examining
the signatures attached to Parliamen
tary petitions. No fewer than 5,706,000
persons were stated to have signed this
petition; but on examination It waa
found that the real number was 1,975,
496. Thousands of ¦-. signatures were
found to be ' bogus and written by. the
same hand. Among the forgeries , ap
peared such names as No Cheese, Pug
Nose. Flat / Nose, Longshanks and
Calfshead.
Of recent years the most remarkable
petition, perhaps, which a select com
mittee has had to investigate was that
presented In 1887, referring to the aboli
tion of coal and wine duties. A young
man named j Reginald . Bldmead con
fessed to having forged thousands of
signatures. He had been employed to
get them at so much-per hundred, and,
instead of troubling, people to [sign, he
set to work to write thousands; of
names with his own hand. When ex
amined- before the committee he de
clared . that it was his poverty -.which
led him to 'do -this, and naively added,
"I did not think I should be doing any
body a serious injury,: not knowing. the
value of the petition throughout; and I
thought I could wrltethem all myself."
Mr. Netherclif t, the .handwriting ex
pert, who gave evidence , at this In
quiry, stated that ¦ he ¦ had examined a
large number of petitions, and that a
considerable proportion t of .' the signa
tures were spurious. : It- was further
learned that one petition contained the
names ' of thirteen " racehorses; while
other facetious persons . had attached
such names as W. H. Smith, : M. Hicks-
Beach, and r AJ. J. Balfour/' whose ad
dress, by-the-by, was given as • Mare
street. Hackney.— Tit Bits.
Another petitioner, in praying to
the House to grant his request, was
magnanimous enough to add that he
would "ever pray to the Lord to for
give their for not having done so
sooner."
No less absurd than the Irishman's
petition was that of a man who prayed
the House to appoint a select commit
tee to inquire Into x his Identity. He
went eg to explain that his birth and
parentage were involved In mystery,
he having been left on a doorstep' when
an infant.
The present system of dealing with
petitions by a select committee was
established In 1S33, and since then
something like 200.000 petitions, con
taining considerably over 200,000,000
signatures have been received and re
ported upon. Many of them." of course,
have been petitions dealing with im
portant questions of the day, while, on
the other hand, a large number have
been of a ridiculous character and
totally unworthy of the attention of
the House. Some people seem to pos
sess a mania for sending" petitions to
the House of Commons, and, like the
Irishman who petitioned that the girl
who "had the cheek to jilt him might
suffer due pains and penalties," evi
dently consider that one of the main
duties of Parliament is to redress the
grievances, real or imaginary, of any
private individual who may care to ap
ply to it.
The rlarht which every Britisher has
of petitioning the sovereign or either
house of Parliament for the redress of
grievances is not likely to fall ip to dis
use through not being sufficiently ex
ercised. As a matter of fact, there is
more likelihood of k this fundamental
principle of the British constitution
suffering through being too frequent
ly employed, for on more than one oc
casion the Committee, which
deals v.ith petitions in the first place
and reports on them to ! the House,
have given ft as their opinion "that the
right of petitioning the House of-Com
mons has of late years been subjected
to serious abuse, and merits the atten
tion of the House." .
Odd Parliamentary Pleas.
umbrella were, and, having satisfied
himself that his friend had not thesa'
articles with him. he said: "Well, in
that case, doctor, we will -walk bacle
beneath this belt of trees, for the raia
will not per-colate the leaves, doctor,
for twen-ty minutes."— Manchestet
Guardian. . -f
Mme. Farah Grand made the edify
in? discovery the other day that some
body bearing a distant resemblance to
herself has been- indulging In , the
amusement of impersonating her.
Mme. Grand lectured at Tunbrldge
•A&pbst everything closely associated
w!ih Rtxly.ard. Kipling Is of so much
Interest that .it Ja nb wonder that a
pood' dea^ has found its way Into print
regarding his various^ homes, including
the historic residence. at Brattleboro,
the retreat .at Rottingdean; and Bur
wash, the au Choc's, present English
abode near Tunbridge Wells; But South
Africa, Is another matter, and though
Mr. Klplfng'jiow has spent several win
ters in the climate 'which he finds so
mutrh. more to his liking than that of
these islands, nothing has been . pub
lished uj> to now regarding the house
whkrH he inhabits when at the Cape.
•A .recent private "lctte* from South Af
rica,- however, gives.*some' Information
that if well werth- quoting for the ben
efit of Kljilingites.at home. Apropos of
; Kipling's recent political speeches In
Cape Colony, Its writer says: "As I
dare *say« you know, he has. got a house
here called The. Woolsack. It Is in the
suburbs, on the slopes o^ Table Moun
tain, vpr rather Devils "peak, and it
looks' oV^r a.. wide champaign of wood
rc country>tQ"the 'blue hills far away.'
Jtjs'in'ita own terraced garden, edged
and Vacked with nines. -The house was
left him for life 4>v Cecil Rhodes. It Is
modeled on the style of an old Dutch
liouse wand is' built* round a sort of
Roman atrhirn^ ivith a- veranda round
the inner square .and round the out
side a^o. It is' tiled and paneled In a
fire' old fashion, and is only to be beat
en fur charm by Mrs v Kipling. And
Kipling himself Is the pleasantest host
in the world." >d£B^HHM
.irpfte ct an -cJ&jectfon in Parliament
*-''th> Qt*ier <Jay Austin Dobson is to go
iron dyawif.g.tTie *i230 which the Gov
•" ernment 'allows him besides his reg
•• u2,af. pension';of J2665 yearly, and Eng
~*.15!jh ¦vvrittrfoHc jought .to congratulate
tt{i.emiejres on. having an advantage in
'tm"s~ rVfppect^ over those in America.
' '. 'iiX "' home,' unless, one Is mistaken, an
'-.aufhor;:';gdne broke" can look for aid
*ol>Iy.-<Q: friends and his own exertions,
\.: jVvft Vin "to is country' there are several
•VsAieViueS ijirousfh. which assistance mny
.••<c&rfje.-ro'l]ira>;c specially if he has ren
f Y$rj''ed*afiy-. really 'notable service to lit-
.-.Had Mack Twain been an
v ' EngKslt writer no doubt funds would
. "•Ih&ve" 'frpea forthcoming from the civil
• him over his financial
. Vt raits- &ev£ra,l ye^rs ago instead of the
, veteran * '-writer's' being obliged to
¦s&rcggW Ju .make 'both ends meet.
¦Whether* Clemens would have ac-.
- v efpte.a T-tich : assistance is, of course,
.' another;. 'matter,, but many English
1* vri+cr's .of prorn'in<*nce- have done so,
i ;;*aVt*>.n"g.;'tU.«?rn---Mai.t'hew Arnold, W. Tl.
' ; .y.^c>4le"y, /George. Augustus Sala, Her
• m»;i- Merirale and William Watson.
tttxg. act.vofc Parliament which i?ives
ili.e- Fri-mt Minister authority to ad
'vanco"- fjjfids.to authori out of the
1 J3'riAis]j "jMvir. : Hft iii this way was passed
.•13 .th* •re-ign: nf William IV and, ns
•**M"r.; Bajfo-uf explained in the House
-b.f- {"ommons the other day, allows the
•.Premier; a- .good . .deal of latitude in
" *Kra.kIJigi Fuch bequests. Mr. Osmond
'\\*ilj.iajK.«,. 1 ?/. J*. for Merionethshire,
.vK.iiose- JihowJedge . of literature evi
•iJentlj:. l\as its. limit?; since he spoke of
*. fjs, ' Slr.,'1 Austin Dobson," demanded
"svh&l precedent there was for that au
tlVor's'dVawing 5r250 per annum from
¦ "the civil fist -when, -as a. retired "civil
"jser.wa.nt.*. lie already received a pen
"\Cpr\. oT 22G6t? -This, said the critic,
Aa'mouiitrd'to nearly as much as Mr.
t : '-A.vstin--pobsan*s full pay when In the
\Jover.nment's-. sennce — $4000. Mr.
"<Jj3^fpVu's'ahsj<'er_"«'as to point out that
Gladstone, placed the name of Mat-
1 .thew Arnold on the cirtl list while the
author of.' 'literature and Dogma"
V^s still In the Government's employ
and' liet •ovfh -a. -.pensioner, like the
Sxa?.efu1 : bi6eFrapher of Hogarth, Gold
'kmitli ani* Ricnardson. The Prime
•'Minisfer 'also expressed his regret that
<.he civil .list ''-pension, fund was so
small, a SjSOOO a year. Among
tlJoije'xxho have' .'benefited from It,
however, -have been. Huxley's widow
¦slmr those -of Anthony TroIIope and
Ch&rles* Dickens Jr.
.Engrlisli- authors' in/dlfilculties can be
helped also. $rom ihe 'royal literary fund
as .veil -as through" the Society of Au
thors.- 'Sotoe interesting details of the
founding of the former Institution have
just come to. light through the discov
ery of. an old pamphlet. " It seems that
a club of wealthy men about town used
to. exist at tlje old" Prince of Wales
. coffee-house, near Bond street, and to
the ears of its members came the story
of an elderly Greek translator of much
renown who had died in consequence of
being arrested and thrown into prison
for a debt to a.relstaurant-keeper' who
had supplied his scanty meals. The
Royal • Liferaty Fimd was organized
immediately by. these clubmen, and the
first meeting for ejection of officers was
held in May, 1790'. AX first the dona
tions .were decidedly meager, one of
those mentioned 'in th.e old pamphlet
being the^sum of "t2S to a widow "with
a family of foux yoxiixs children unpro
vided for*." . • • . ¦ ~*
•' -. HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
.. C -JHEiCRIETTA STREET. CGVEXT
¦•'GARDEN, -tXMCfrdN; April 19. — In
Paradtse for Poor Authors.
"Iiwent down town and looked over
the entries to find something In the
way of a dark horse. There was
Ebony.' I knew very. little about the
racing game and absolutely nothing
about. the horse. But I wanted some
thing in black and 'Ebony* looked good.
So I started over to the corner to place
a couple of dollars. At every step I
was growing more feverish with enthu
siasm over my secret. I met a friend
and of course I thought It would be
selfish of me to deprive him of a chance
to pick upa little easy money, so I told
him what I had up my sleeve. He is
one of these wise men who know all
about 'form,' and in about three words
he made me ashamed of myself. I went
back and in the seclusion of my office
exulted because I had not played a
loser. .
"Later in the afternoon I strolled
around to see what had been going on
and found that 'Ebony* blew in under
the wire, a 40 to 1 shot." /(V';
"Here is what I call a hard luck
story," said a man who favors the race
track thcother day. "As I was going
home . one afternoon recently a pretty
young woman dressed In dark started a
mild flirtation with me. Nothing unu
sual' about, that. .That evening ,as I
left my car a black cat followed me to
my. door. 'Nothing- strange about that
either, -for j I . love cats, and especially
black ones. But that night I had all
sorts" of dreams, all in dark. There
were, black people," black buildings,
black everything.
"The dreams left their . Impression.
When I awoke next-morning I tried to
put together the - disconnected ram
blings of ray mind to learn, if possible,
the source of my hallucination. Upper
most was the remembrance of a black
woman. She was . here, there, every
where, but always a messenger of mer
cy. .What could It mean? Was she a
harbinger of good or evil? I would see.
Needed a Dream Book.
THE first of the great meetings of >the year injCali-}
fornia is. that of the General Conference* of .the
Methodist church, which will be in session. hv Los
Angeles through the most of, this month. It is a dis
tinguished • body of ecclesiastics and theologians >'-. and'
laymen. In its membership are Bishops from ;far.' Asia
and Europe, and from every ¦ division of ;. the Western
Hemisphere. It -is an example of the far-reaching con
sequences to the' world of the spirit <. and* persistence
of ..one man. :'"/J'.,^ '/•*'" "'.''*'.
When John Wesley started as a ' conie-outer from
the established church and incurred the disabilities which'
in those days beset a nonconformist, his most exalted
vision could not have foreseen the mighty things
pendent upon his assertion of liberty of conscience. The
seed that .he planted has grown, in the line of -his own
independence, and in following the progress of the^age,
has gone far beyond much of his thought and some' of
his beliefs.
Wesley partook of some of the leading superstitions of
his time. Like Sir MaHjiew Hale and Cotton Mather
and all Christendom, he believed in witchcraft, and
planted his feet firmly upon the Scriptural injunction,
"Thou shalt not permit a .witch to live." Time and prog
ress have canceled that superstition, and if Wesley
could return in the flesh, still believing it, he would be
as much out of place in^ a Methodist conference as if he
were a-Druid priest. Much of the order of his day has
dissolved. In this other Christian bodies are like unto
that which he founded. The Presbyterians have, built an
expiatory, monument in Geneva, on the spot" where Ser
vctus was burned at the instance of Calvin. But ac
knowledgment of the harshness of Calvin's judgment
against heresy in no wise impairs the truth that was in
his theology.
Modern Christendom respects the rights of, reason
and of conscience. As many roads, trod by many peo
ple, lead to the cities of the world, and their conver
gence thereon is the great purposed their being, so it
has come to be accepted that many roads may lead to
the city eternal, and that all that travel thitherward are
to be hailed by the same great countersign of brother
hood.
As Wesley was with his age in the one gloomy and
pervading superstition, he was far ahead of it in a vis
ion of the great fact of modern science. He was abe
liever in evolution, which in his day had not been 're
duced to a hypothesis nor in terms formulated. But he
held it in common with Baron d'Holbach and . other
free-minded philosophers, and was so earnest in his
conviction that it accounted for the presence of life and
the origin of species that he pcrpetuated : his views in a
volume that is a monument to his logical mind and pains
taking stud}'.
His lasting work, however,. was the development of a
religious idea that furnished a reverent refuge for those
minds that rejected the tight-fitting system of Calvin^on^
one hand and on the other the insistence of the estab
lished church that there' must be authority . for truth.
His renovation of the religious idea has striking features
in common with the work of Buddha, in that it "swung
wide the door of eternal hope for all. men. and'estab
lished .1 sort of religious democracy. That it adapted
Christianity to millions of minds that would have re
jected, its preceding forms there • is no doubt... He.
founded an aggressive body with processes that appealed
to all the spiritual impulses of men, and made them as
sume the 'armor and wield the v.-apons of the spirit,
with unselfish devotion and courage. They were the
spiritual warriors of the American frontier. In every
scattered settlement of the pioneers the voice of the
itinerant Methodist preacher was heard, . exhorting in
terms that drew the thoughts of the rugged men and
women of that day to the great issues of life. V
Wesley's follo'wers, zeal unabated and -high,
have done California. the honor. to hold here their great
conference' Their welcome is by r no means limited to
their own communion. The other religious bodies, and
individuals outside of church relations, respect the place
of Methodism in the moral economy of the world/and
extend, to its disciples a California. greeting. . They come
here-to a fair and faultless region, where- nature hangs
her jewels upon the mountains .and flecks the plains
with beauty and color elsewhere unknown.' May, the oc
casion be made memorable above all others. with! the! de
voted men and women who see; here, of nature's crea
tion, a reflection of the graces hoped for in a world that
exists in their faith and is seen of their spiritual vision.
Wells a day or two ago, and during
her stay there received a call, from two
elderly women. Upon entering her
drawing-room to greet them, however,
the authoress was greeted with a hes
itating observation that they had
"called: to see Mme. Sarah Grand."
"That is my name," . replied .the
writer of "The Heavenly , Twins."
Whereupon the visitors explained
that at any rate their hostess was not
the lady they had previously .met and
believed to be Mme. Grand, though
they admitted that there was a
resemblance. Inquiries on the au
thorees' pa.rt revealed the fact that
while staying at a boarding-house in
Folkestone a woman had represented
herself as "Mme. Sarah Grand" -to
the two old people, and had even
presented them with her' autograph,
copied, apparently, from one of ' the
real Sarah Grand's in an illustrated
magazine.
THE METHODIST CONFERENCE.
facilities, and that to send to its classic towers American
students already. partially" instructed in subjects of real
value would be but to expose them to a new and strange^
political. atmosphere and social influence, the harmful
tendencies of which would not be compensated by knowl
edge acquired. - /
; It. may., be justly inquired whether Rhodes made, dili
gent examination into the fitness of Oxford's curriculum
from a pedagogic standpoint before deciding upon the*
endowment he Teft behind him. -From the provisions of
his scholarships it would appear that to his eyes Oxford
is Oxford whether it teaches scansion of the Odes of
Pindar 'or the "strength; of materials, in bridge structures.
It is* the life there, the' influence of centuries, long tradi
tion, the esprit de corps born of association with the fin
est of English-, blood, that Rhodes, judged to '.be worth a
residence of two years there for any American man. \. It
is not, believable that Rhodes expected the establishment
of "a cult of American "digs" and gold medal students,
whose two years should see not' a night when the fever
ish thirst after knowledge did not "outwatch the
Bear." Such would indeed be an innovation for Oxford.
The most ;'. satisfactory construction that can^beput
upon Rhodes' -'scheme for American scholarships is "that
it wasnot for promoting intellectual brilliancy so much
as that of bringing a "corps of promising young men to
Oxford under conditions that would tend to make them
support in after life his . great dream ¦ of a virtual union
of all English-speaking peoples. For that purpose Ox
ford is as good as any other university would be.
THE SAN :;FRANGISGOveALt,;- SUNDAY, MAY ,1,:; 1904.
THE, SA^
JO^ D/SPRECKELS, Propy^
Publication Office < *?^1|||||*> • • •™ rd and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY:....... ..V../..:./.../.;/;:^;..u.V.v.;V.v.:;...^ ..V.. .............;...... :;MAY 1/1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND THE TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
36In the last decade the increase in
wealth was. one-seventh greater than
the increase of population. : : . •
that his attentions to another woman
have almost driven her distracted.
She also wants $35 a month alimemy.
and thinks her attorney should be
awarded $75 out of Cease's pockets to
pay for his trouble in bringing the
action.
Xeglect is the ground upon which
Bella Crawshaw Is suing George ¦ C.
Crawshaw for divorce.
The following is a. list of the
Methodist Bishops, missionaries and
ministers who are attending the great
missionary convention and the church
pulpits they are to fill this morning at
11 o'clock: Bishop Charles H. Fowler,
Howard-street Methodist Church;
Bishop Edward Gl Andrews, Simpson
Memorial Methodist Church; Bishop
John H. Vincent, California-street
Methodist Church; Bishop Wlllard F.
Mallalieu, ISpworth Methodist Church;
Bishop Earl Cranston, Trinity Method
ist Church; Bishop James. N. FitzGer
ald, First Church,* Alameda; Bishop
John M. Walden, Potrero Methodist
Church; Bishop Daniel A. Goodsell,
Trinity Methodist Church, Berkeley;
Bishop Joseph C. Hartzell, Grace
Methodist CHurch; Bishop Francis W.
Warne, First Church, Oakland; Rev.
Homer C. Stuntz, Central' Methodist
Church; Rev. H. B. Johnson, First
Methodist Church; Rev. H. K. Carroll,
Hamilton Methodist Church; " Rev.
William Burt, Eighth-avenue Method
ist Church, Oakland; Rev. A." B.' Leon>
ard. Twenty- fourth-avenue: Methodist
Church, Oakland; Rev.- G. F. Draper,
San Mated* Methodist Church ;;Rev.*\W.
N. Brewster, Chinese Mission; Rev.
Joseph . F. Berry, . San Jose ' Methodist
Church ; Rev. B. F. West) : D.D., Rich
mond rfilethodist Church, Rev. John'N.
West, Santa Clara-avenue, Alameda;
Rev. ; Benjamin S., Haywoo'd, Chester
street, Oakland ; Rev. F.r Ohllnger,' St.
John's German Methodist 1 '.Church;?
Rev. J. W. Butler, First Christian
AVhere Divines Will Preach.
Ready for Primary Elections.
Registrar. Adams yesterday com
pleted all preparations for the holding
of primary elections next. Tuesday to
elect delegates to the various conven
tions. AH the supplies are boxed
ready to be sent to the .polling places
to-morrow. An Improvement has
been made In the indexes to registers
and- the affidavits whereby the names
of the . voters ar£ arranged alphabet
ically Instead of- by elections as for
merly, which led to confusion and de
lay in finding the voter's name.
In Monaco the limit of speed for mo
tor cars has been raised from six and a
quarter to seven. and a half miles an
hour.
Scmbrfcb - Will Sins Thursday Nijjlit.
The concerts to be given by Madame Sem
brlch next Thursday night and Saturday
afternoon at the Alhambra Theater are
sure to prove a most orllliant; success.
Madame Sembrlch will be assisted -by
Mr. Rudolph Ganz. one of the greatest
pianists of the day. At both recitals
new programmes will 'b/3 presented.
The demand for seats Is great. ttie
one-dollar seats. are sold, but plenty of
desirable S2.00 and S3. 00 seats are still
obtainable. •'"•' ,-¦:-. •.
SACRAMENTO. April SO.— A slight earth
cuake shock was felt In this city at 1:13
o'clock this Afternoon.
WASHINGTON 1 . April 30.— Ne&fle & Levy,
the builders of the Denver, have applied to
the Naw Department for authority to hold a
third trial. In the hop* that the vessel will
attain a epeed of mventeen knots.
Pupils Organize' Athletic League.
vi.Qiiga^iJrqtlon .of the Public School
iA.tjrJLetic, t<ejLgue . !w«uf,^effected yester
(tajr lo ; thej-obmS of l.ne -Board of Edu
cation the election- of John Elliott
President, tjijpertatenaent of "Schools
lUarJcdon^ Pri-sident Rancoyeri of the
Sfehpol •B.eajd' and Mayor. Schmitz. vice
p^esi4«intsr :Jl I£dcn. secretary; W. G.
Jiapf isoii. *. treasurer, iind School Pi
r/?cft)rs •" Doyle. .a'ndWaish and Prind
¦jpa3jf.~ Eu»K /O'Connor- and Morton
-memi^rsvof the -board of directors.
Deputy Fish Commissioner J. H.
Davis has seized two set nets that he
discovered in Oathlll and Shoalwater
sloughs. The owners of the tackle
were endeavoring to catch striped
bass .in violation of the law. Justice
of the Peace Fulton of Dinuba has
fined Frank Rice $25 for killing deer
during the close season.
Seizes Set Nets.
' JATnes Burke, a sailor on the Ameri
can. *£blp Richard ISewall, fell- from
al6ft.ra'te.yjesterday Afternoon and. was
ld-lle'dr. . ; The EewaU Was' lying in the
stream, and . dirparts to-day for Hono-
J.3ilx>.>';The mateirQ. [W« Kinnette,. sent
feui-kev.aloft..;' jn .a*-few- minutes he
heard, a "very end looked up in time to
¦scfi.iBurk^' coipe. tumbling- headlong to
the deck.;.. H^ Btruck.oii h!« head and
¦'<yerf.tnstar.ti jr. .feurke was 4S years old
ia-E?S'.*a.<'nat1ve o/ .
•Sailor Falls to Dcatl
Deputy Superintendent' of Schools
\V. B. Howard retired from his posi
tion yesterday after four years' faith
ful service. Howard will be succeeded
by Henry Suzzalo, who formerly held
the office, but was on one year's leave
of absence to enable him to accept a
place In the. educational department of
Columbia "University. In retirmg
Howard -leaves with the best wishes
of his former superior, Superintendent
Langdon, and his associates.
Professor Suzzalo- will return to Co
lumbia University in October to lec
ture on "Elementary Education,"
when he in turn will probably be suc
ceeded as deputy superintendent by
Dr. Howard, who has been granted a
leave of absence., Professor Macurda
has done such satisfactory work that
he will be retained as deputy.
At Itsmeetlng yesterday the Board
of Education directed Secretary Bar
rett to advertise that sealed proposals
will be received on May 14 for furnish
ing supplies "of all .descriptions to the
School Department during the next
fiscal year.
The board extended the leave of ab
sence of Mrs. M. L.. Belding, a teacher
in the Marshall- School, and granted
a leave of absence to Florence P. Mor
rison in conformity with, the rule
granting leaves under certain condi
tions.
• The Lincoln Evening School was
granted; permission to give itgr grad
uating exercises in.an outside hall.
by Henry Suzzalo, Who Formerly
Held the Position.
Dr. W. B. Howard Will be Succeeded
DEPUTY SUPERINTENDENT
RETIRES FROM OFFICE
Church; Rev. J.' F. Goucher, First
Presbyterian Church, San Francisco;
Rev. W. F. - Oldham, First Congre
gational Church, Oakland;. Rev. P. M.
Buck, Golden Gate Methodist Epis
copal Church; Rev. E. M. Randall,
Howard Presbyterian, San Francisco.
The following^are the assignments
for Sunday evening at 7:45 o'clock:
Rev. A. B. Leonard, Grace Methodist
Church; Rev. David S. Spencer, Cen
tral Methodist Church;, Rev. W. F.
Oldham, Simpson Memorial Church;
Rev. George Heber Jones, Howard
street Methodist Church; Rev. G. F.
Drap*er, California-street | Methodist
Church; Rev. W. N. Brewster, Trin
ity Methodist Church; Rev. Homer C.
Stuntz,. First Church, .Oakland; Rev.
J. W. Butler, Eighth-avenue, Oakland;
Rev. J. N. West, First Church, Ala
meda;; Rev. William Burt, 4 p. m.,
Italian Mission, San Francisco; Rev.
B. F. West, D.D., Twenty-fourth-ave
nue Church, Oakland; Rev. E. M.
Randall, . D.D., . First Presbyterian
Church, Oakland; Rev.- P. M. Buck,
Trinity Church,' Berkeley.
Captain John W. Ott, one of the best
known bar pilots of the port of San
Francisco, died at his home, 13 Glover
street, shortly after 8 o'clock yesterday
morning. '"Pete" Ott. as he was best
known, came to the Pacific Coast more
than forty years ago. He engaged in
the seafaring business and nine years
later was appointed a pilot His ability
was soon recognized and he came to bo
regarded as one of the most reliable
men of the craft. Countless vessels he
has guided into. port and his fame has
gone afar.
At the time of his death Captain Ott
was a little more than ehyears old. He
died of paralysis, with which he was
first stricken some months ago. About
one month ago he lost his power of
speech, after which . his condition be
came rapidly worse. He died sur
rounded by the members of his family.
He leaves a wife, two daughters and
three sons: Mrs. C. S. Church, Mary
Agnes Ott, William A. Ott, Raymond
F. Ott and Arthur' L. Ott.. j The funeral
will be held from the. family residence
on Glover street at 1 o'clock to-morrow
afternoon. The remains will be Interred
In Mount* Olivet Cemetery. - ,
Cruelty.
For eleven years he has been un
happy, says Henry Creighton. in a
complaint for divorce filed yesterday
against Olive L. Creighton. He says
that a year after his marriage at Al
bany, N. Y., in November, 1892.. Mrs.
Creighton commenced a course of
conduct that made him most miser
able. He avers that she would visit
places of amusement without him,
take trips to New York alone and re
main away for several and when
he would ask her where she had been
tell him it was none of his business.
He also complains that when she
went out at night she would never tell
him where she spent her time.
Mrs. A. I* Cease wants a divorce
from H. W. Cease for cruelty, alleging
Files Suit for Divorce in TThich He
Charges His Wife With
Captain John W. Ott, the
Well* Known Mariner,
Passes Away.
CREIGHTON SEEKS TO END
HIS UNHAPPY ALLIANCE
VETERAN IMLOT WHO DIED OF
PAHAI.YSIS AT HIS HOME IN
THIS CITY.
The outing was arranged by the
excursion committee of the evangelical
churches of Alameda County.
The Rev. Owen Hotle and the follow
ing committee had charge of the ar
rangements:
George P. Lowell, chairman; Ellis E.
Wood, E. A. Hugill, William F. Vahe,
C. E. Bradford, Joseph W. Phillips,
Robert Parker Jr., Percy L. Bliss, F.
W. Trower, W. H. Graham, Edgar
Thompson, S. W. Booth, H. J. Rogers,
C. E. Stowe, L. S. Rodgers, Dr. A. S.
Kelly, Dr. J. H. Durham.
Bishop Hartzell of Africa 'and. the
Rev. George B. Smyth. D. D., chair
man, were among the principal speak
ers in the evening. Bishop Hartzell
spoke on "Light for the Dark Conti
nent" and Dr. Smyth submitted a de
fense for Japan in her conflict with
Russia. So powerfully and so brilliant
ly did the doctor plead his case that
the vast assemblage frequently In
dorsed his views by rewarding his ut
terances with loud and continued ap
plause.
The convention will meet for the last
time this afternoon at 1:30 at the Al
hambra Theater.
The return journey was made
through the north channel by Point
Bonita and across the entrance to the
Cliff House, where the strangers had a
remarkable view of the seal rocks and
their interesting occupants.
Then the Journey proceded up the
bay to Fort Point, the Santa Rosa
crossing over to Lime Point and into
Sausalito Bay.
. Belvedere, in all its spring beauty
and regatta attire, was passed, and the
course followed was up' through Rac
coon Straits. The journey was contin
ued between Goat Island and the Oak
land moles, thence by the Union Iron
Works and home.
PASS FAMOUS SEALS.
Though the sun was keeping all to
himself behind some veiling clouds, the
afternoon was clear and the Farallones
came distinctly into view.
As the lightship was approached the
University band played "My Country
'Tis of Thee," and cheers went up from
all sides. .- .
Leaving Broadway wharf the Santa
Rosa sailed down inside the Presidio
Shoal and out by Fort Point, across
Point Bonlta and out over San Fran
cisco -bar about six miles beyond the
lightship.
At 1:30 o'clock a party of 600 visitors
to San Francisco and from all parts of
the United States and foreign lands
boarded the stanch vessel, and with the
accompaniment of rousing music by the
University of CaJifornia band, under
the able direction of Bandmaster Jerry
White, the delegates sailed gayly away.
Captain E. Alexander took a course
which as an example the Promotion
Committee of San Francisco might
well emulate when eager tourists are
to tie shown our great marine pano
rama.
DELEGATES GO A-SAILING.
Early yesterday morning the dele
gates to the Missionary Convention of
the Methodist Episcopal church assem
bled in session in the Alhambra Thea
ter and until noon there was a brisk
course of adresscs by prominent men
and one most distinguished . woman,
Mrs. B. H. Badley of India.
The Rev. M. C. Harris, D.D., pre
sided, and after the singing of
the hymn, "Come, Thou, Almighty
Kins," and scripture reading by
the Rev. George Guth and prayer by
the Rev. M. C. Harris.'b. D.. the Rev.
Gideon F. Draper spoke on "The Out
look in Japan." " '
Next came the Rev. E. R. Dllle, D.
D., who related gome plain truths
anent the Pacific Coast and the Orient,
and following Dr. DilU came the Rev.
Homer C. Stuntz, D. D.. who spoke of
"Methodism in the Philippines."
The m«rning session concluded with
the Woman's Foreign Missionary Soci
ety's hour, when an address was de
livered by Mrs. Parker and songs were
rendered by iliss Lucy Leen. who was
escorted by Miss Donaldina Cameron
of the Presbyterian Home.
In the afternoon the delegates went
sightseeing, and one of the most de
lightful trips was given around the bay
and through the Golden Gate, far be
yond the lightship, on the ocean steam
er Santa Rosa,
Captain Andrew J. Dunievy yester
day severed his active connection with
the San Francisco Police Department
after a service extending over thirty
six" years. The officers and men of
Company C, the force attached to the
Harbor Police Station,, of which Dun
levy' has been in command for twenty
years, presented their retiring chief
with a gold watch, chain and locket
yesterday when they bade the veteran
oflicer an official good-by.
Chief of Police. Wlttman, by whose
permission the presentation was made,
attended the captain's, last official roll
c.ill and added his share to the orator
ical tributes paid to Dunlevy's sterling
worth. Acting Lieutenant Cook made
the" presentation.
"I am not an orator," he said, "and
if I, were it woiAd be beyond my power
to give you the credit your service rec
ord deserves."
Captain Dunlevy's retirement takes
from the Police Department one of its
stanchest pillars and from the peace
of the water front one of its sturdiest
preservers. Aggressively honest, Cap
tain Dunlevy's rugged personality has
been a force for good wherever his
duty has taken him. Few men whose
duty calls for the performance of much
that is disagreeable have retired from
the firing line in such universal 'good
esteem as that which Captain Dunlevy
takes with him to private life. A strict
disciplinarian, nobody more regress his
retirement than the men who have
served under his command, and among
those who Joined "most regretfully, in
yesterday's good-by was more than Qne
whose record shows the mark of Dun
levy's exacting insistence upon prop
erly performed duty. Captain Dunlevy
retires with the love of his / brother offi
cers and subordinates and if he has
any enemies he enjoys, at least, their
respect.
Chief Wittman issued an order yes
terday assigning Captain Joseph J.
Burnett to take charge of Police Dis
triet No. 3, which includes the water
f rpnt, and to the command of Com
pany C, vice Captain A. J. Dunlevy;
retired after thirty-six years' service.
Sergeant James T. Donovan is de
tailed as acting lieutenant in Company
A, vice Burnett,' promoted, and Ser
geant William T. Brophy is trans
ferred from Company E to Company
A as patrol sergeant, ; vice Donovan-
Corporal William M. Ross is detailed
as acting sergeant in the district va
cated, by Brophy. !
William Ferguson, having been pro
moted to the rank of corporal, is as
signed to Company E for duty as night
station-keeper at the North End po
lice station, and Policeman Louis J.
Becker is transferred from Company
D to Company C.
When the watch assembled last night
Captain Duke, on, behalf of the squad,
presented Captain Burnett a handsome
floral piece.
Harbor Company Presents
Veteran ¦Commander With
Parting Token of Esteem
HAS SPLENDID . -RECORD
Captain Andrew J. Dunlevy
Terminates Active Connec
tion With Police Force
Men and .Women Take a Well
Merited Eecreation After
Davs of Deliberations
Till P ON OCEAN STEADIER
Delegates to the Missionary
Convention Sail Through
and Beyond City's Doors
RETIRES INTO
PRIVATE LIFE
VISITORS VIEW
GOLDEN GATE
AGED BAR PLOT
EXPIRES AFTER
LONG ILLNESS
THE ' SAN FRANCISCO GALIfeSUNDA Y; MAY • 1; .: 1904.
37
By Albert Sonnlchsen.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
A W'ierd, a Thrilling:, but at the
Same Time Humorous Story. .
WHEN IaAWTOX'S CHiVRGER
KULKD VIGAN.
ADVXRTISE2IENTS.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
ADVEKTISEMENT3.
ANNQUNGEMENT!
We beg: to announce that we now have in stock a foil line
of the famous '*,: •:. ¦*
KNOX WATERLESS AUTOMOBILES
Touting Cars, Runabouts and Delivery Cars
We shall be pleased, to show to all interested these cars and the
reason for their being; ¦ : - - ,
THE CARS THAT OBVIATE THE TOW !
LEAyiTT & BILL, SELUNQ AQENTS >
30T and<309LARKIN ST., San Franclscqiv Cal.
grew th|s ha|r
. ":r =^ r 'is4 1^^^^ And wo can PROVE it.
•'•¦ -!O^^"^^^^^^3 lf y° a wslDt y° ur balr t0 K?ow THICK and LO^Q
'IS : -^ fi'> ! C^i CffwM ¦— ' 1« tbe remedy you rrJIl bo oblljted to use.
.. /^ Vff/t+i-* vk'ni/iX • WAIK TUPIIU
•."t?--' JTSvAjO ifLi'vLi oa t^o maiket to-d»y that trill posltlTely itop and curt
"'* i&l*XtfiH ' '¦wf i '« ' FalUnj Hair tna make
*« ' WMffl. WiM HABR GROW
¦.•S-,Ai?% ' * ti^'Bia Averigt growth l>4 la. per month for twenty conic. ntlTe
' -.T^ -7 I %')?/$* ) By permission we herewith reproduce photograph ot Miss
• •"" : 'i'ir^hiW' v- M^V% Garth M*cCotab, a lady wbo has lUed In Chicago all her Me
• ¦'¦ i rSlLtt-n- '"• fi'Sfitja and ts wcI1 toown la the city, especially on the South Side.
-•- , «vrT» y Tr^rJr* *iftUlSBL. Her hair bctore she commfDced the U45 of Daaderiiie would
• ' '-\ A' *£("?>>>&¦ "* i(\wi*Kt net reach below her walft. while now it touches noor
'F'^wJmmx ftWaiHSa when «heEtaufl» erect. Thli remarkabl* growth Is the .>ult
'J'^TScKEaflBl '^tlHEWaKSl ot mint Daoderloe. the graDdeitcf all hair and ecalp tonics.
••*>^fS^^£^Sjl®^ li G * ve Her HMlrk tl8W Llf « '
' . ij •." r 7^. 1 '" *t*\ljm*^ *t»d win do the same lor yon If you 1 1 ve It a fair trial. Dan-
•^ •..Voe.-.u^i r>««o derine puts new me and Tiger ta both the balr and icalp. It
• WiS^SA.BAH'MacCQMB. makes the hair fluffy, tllky, and there teemi to be no limit to
8036;? o.rrejtville AvcChka^o, ill. the KTOwtn It will produce. There Is no other that can be
•• ¦'.'¦r ¦.'¦'¦ ¦: compared to It, as Vis founded on new ideas altogether.
'rSm IS WILLING TO SWEAR TO IT.
.* ft : -byVoquett of Bli*« BscCemb w* reproduce the following letter:
Ei'OWifo:*»A^DKRIXECOuCMe»ir<».ItL • -
. ; {H>oU«tu«ir:-l iinj Lwriiig *o many inquiries recirnlar tb* ad. tb«t tou are now running showlsr mf
fictor*; %$*X I aiaeeodinr Jon itiie letter Jor U>» bcocflt of tbe public that yon mar reproduce tt, and 1
• nit tau uo<J«r «<at}i u 70a so dMtr* ttxat I oswl Duderln* tor twenty cooiecntlTe months snd to* arerac*
cro rit'ol ta1 hair m on* and on*-t oorth lacfcM pt month, maklo t a total ot tw«ntr-flre inch** In twenty
wtnwtha. Too «r» »t liberty to mm ifau latter sca«rne»th noy pictur*. »nd by ao dolor wUl aav« ru« ta»
trouble of ancverltMr U>« tare* «M"***r ©1 l»«oirl»« wtoicH I mm r»c»lrinc diil/. Slacer*ly. •
r " -TtOW stall Cro«lKs In three sizes, 25 cents, 60 cents and S1.00 per bottle.
¦BstasskfMSM Totaow hew qnlcUr Daadarine acts w« will send alirre sampla free by retnrn matt
torn WP> »¦ U> anyone who »endithl«»dTertliem»nttotb» ttoowlton DanderinaCo., Chlcttro
I ¦•fsf Ka frtttrto«trBaaie«jaft address aaitaa cents tasUret or staass tODaypoausa.
For 'iti&'mi CoatanteEd by REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents.
A well located lodging-house
provides n <rood income. Quite a
few. nicely situated, are adver-
tised to-day.
Rend the list of LODGING-
HOUSES FOR SALE.
I TIP Will I r Hi II Wr
1 IIv yt ill 1 L !1UU*jI>
Sale of Night Shirts and Socks
Men's Heavy Twilled Night Shirts, sold :) A(\C
regularly at 75c. Special S r*\J
Men*s Heavy Twilled Night Shirts vvith ) ¦»»«
; fancy trimmings. Sold regularly at $1.00.'? 55
Special../. .......)
Men's Bilbriggan Socks,, silk embroid- ) 3 pairs
ered. Sold regularly at 25c pair. [ ff f|C
Special ..:.-. ' ) vFvF
SEE PAGES
45 to 51.
rt BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
A T O -L E T FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED.
$v« HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
X -TIONS WANTED, HELP WANTED. AND A THOU-
|fe SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
**^- PAGES 45 to 51 INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISF.V.F.NTS
| Brass and Enameled Iron. Beds]
We have the largest assortment and best patterns
to select from of* any house on the Coast. Also have
an elegant line of Mattings, Rattan Rockers, etc. :
Every day is bargain day with us. Our prices sell
our goods. ¦' ¦ .
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO.
r 1017-1023 Mission St., Above Sixth.
women are denied the happiness oi™
Mfifc** 1 trough derangement of the-genera-
organs, Mrs. Beyer advises women to use
H$3& E- Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
fr- ; ."Deaii Mrs. Pdtkham: — I suffered \rith stomach complaint for
•X^rs. I got so bad that I could not cany my children but five months,
ythcavould ha ve.a miscarriage. The last time I became pregnant, my
. jiustfcrid "sot me to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
After taking the first" bottle I was Relieved of the sickness of stomach,
indbp^h.tt) feel better in everyway. I continued its use and was
; .enabled. to cariy my baby to maturity. I now have a nice baby girl,
better. than I ever could before. I am like a newwo-
. Beteb, 22 S. Second St^ Meriden, Conn.
case which proves that no other medicine
; .in the world accomplishes the same results as
J;; Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
'^''•''¦¦'Mga^^^^^^-. U EAR PiN*KHAii :— I was married
•¦' "• -'¦"' '^^^^r^''\^^^S^^ for five y ears and & ave birlh to two pre«
mature childreiL After that I took
¦¦' ifiPJfSp^*'" ' F-^i^O L - Vdi . a E - P'inkham's Vegetable Com-
&* \¥ y 4jii ?&'l^Zf%r P° u ° d » an(i ic changed me from a weak,
iff' -S , v nen-ous woman to a strong, happy and
xi -^ wBi healthy wife withm seven months. With-
•¦;;• ¦.¦'. X&' tvro J ' ears a love b r little girl was born,
.^£^,<<^^ wbo »3 the pride and joy of my household.
/^^$^-^}^7^^^^l' If ever 7 woman who is cured feels as
y^jfe/f 1 -/ "/ ./~~^^ grateful and happy as I do, you must
;./^y. > ' i • I 9 \ a nos^ °^ friends,- for every day I
...^.- ¦'/ . I s \ \ ess Y oxl or e % nt , health and happi-
:••"•"•; • '• '. ' ness Lydia E. I* ink ham's Vegetable-
jtTampomid has brought to my home. Sincerely yours, Mr«. Mab
\1!,' Whai^bt, Flat 31, Tho Norman, Milwaukee, "Wis."
- : . v Actual sterility In woman is very rare. If any woman thinks
• «he i? sterile let her write to Mrs. Pinkbam at Lynn, Mass., whose
* ud vice is given free to all would-be and expectant mothers.
t»rrf%f%m-fFORFElT 1* *• e*imot forthwith prtxtnee the original lettert »d<1 •ignatore* of
V h ! 1 1 1 1 1 *txrr« utiimyii&li, trti«b will pror« thfir absolute senaineD«ss.
VVWUV * ¦¦¦••• - tj(U» E.l'i«kh»m M«l. Co, Lynn, Mui. 1
PULPIT ROCK.
BEAUTIFUL SIERRA MOUNTAINS. l flK^)&P *^SI dhi
Southern -Union Pacific L^Kj
FAST TOURIST CARS ipiliBlt 1
ST. LOUIS and return - - $67.50 P^^^B
CHICAGO and return • -. $72.50 %^^^M
DATES OF SALE TO EXPOSITION 'fa^^^^^^^^g
" Later Dates Will Be Announced.
S. F. BOOTH, GENERAL AGENT, U. P. R. R.
Or any Southern Pacific Agent. \f t l^^&Mk^^^i
-*¦«-..*>--¦. . . .- ... - * • -¦ ¦¦¦-.¦•¦•' <. ¦ ' jStock certificates and seal presses • at short
notice, £dw. '¦ 8. ¦ Knowles. 24 Second at. •
Trapper's Oil eves rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. SOo flartc- Richard A Co.. 4C6 Clay.*
In spite of the late arrival of the
Floto shows large and appreciative
crowds enjoyed the performance yes
terday afternoon and evening. The
rain came dawn in torrents, but the
water-proof tents protected the spec
tators. Many remained for the con
cert and attended the side shows.
DIovolo loops the gap to-day and to
night.
Floto Show Delights Crowd.
, As announced in ?to-day's special ad
vertisement, the seat sale for the "Our
Now Minister"' engagement opens at the
California Theater to-morrow morning:
at 9 o'clock. The famous all-star cast
is headed by Krnest Hastings, San
Francisco's popular idov and includes
all the favorites seen here last season.*
Our New Minister.
NEW YORK April 30.—Arrange
ments were perfected to-day by the
financial interests which . recently
formed a syndicate to bid for the $37,
000,000 city bonds which are to be
offered next Tuesday. It • is expected
that the syndicate's bid , the
"ailor none" rule will be' successful.
Will Bid for New York Bonds.
The Santa Fe runs through the only
groves of Big Trees in the Yosemitc Na
tional Park. They are the largest trees
In the world and may be seen without
side trip or extra expense by taking the
Santa Fe on your visit to Yosetnlte Val^
ley. < " \ :¦ '
Travelers Bay the Santa Fe is the best
for scenery and comfort.
Folders, reservations and full informa
tion at the Santa Fe office, 641 Market St.*
Siinta Fc the Bis Tree Way.
YOSI2MITE.
.•, Tha. following numbers will be ren
.'deped .by the Golden Gate Park band
..to-<iav: '.'
• • '^tar^S&angrled Banner," national
*.antniexn, IL S. £.:' march, "Uncle
-£aij>rny". i Hpltzman) ; overture, "Jolly
• •FeyoVs" (Suppe) ;" waltz, "Recits
•Q'Amour" (Walteufel); fantasia for
eepttonium ' (Williams). Walter Col
u yoni; . "La Mascotte" (Au
• draj>^; overture. "Jubel" (Weber) ;
; fa) • fntermezzo, "The Gondoliers"
".:< Powell ){ (b) • intermezzo. "Ramona"
; ; ( Johnsfln) ; . fantasia, "My Old Ken
"tuefcy Home" (Dalbey), variations for
" prtocrpal Instruments; selection, "The
'. Yankee^. Consul/.' new Eastern success
/•r.Rob5Tf>; grand fantasie, "Lohengrin"
"(Wagoet); "Arnerica."
Music at the Park.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Federal, State and Local Board of
Health was held at 641 Merchant street
yesterday afternoon. Dr. Ward, chair
man of a committee appointed to exam
ine new portable sterilizers, .opened the
meeting with his report, to the effect
that all portable sterilizers so far ex
amined have been either too large or
too heavy, which necessitates their be
ing rejected by the board.— V/v.
The most important business on hand
was organizing a permanent State
Health Commission. For this. purpose
the Merchants' Association was' also
represented" at the meeting.. Dra. Blue,
Curry and Cummlrigs represented the
Federal service; Regensburger, Ains
worth and Foster represented the State
Board of Health: Ward. Hughes, Po
heim. Stinson, Ragan and Hassler rep
resented the local Board of Health,
while the Merchants' Association was
represented by President Symmes.and
Secretary King. "
It was decided that a permanent pub
lic health institution be organized, and
be known as the "Public Health'Com
mission of California."
The following officers were elected:
Rupert Blue, president; M. Regens
burger, first vice president; J. W. "Ward,
second vice president, and Louis Levy
of the Board of Health, secretary.
It was decided that the Governor of
the State, the Mayor of the city and
members . of. . the county , Boards of
Health be made ex-offlclo members.
Members of Federal Service
and Merchants' Associa,
tion Start Institution
ORGANIZE NEW
HEALTH BOARD
Shortly after'8 o'clock last evening:
a collision occurred at the junction of
Fillmore and Hayes streets between a
cable and an electric car, both of
which were well crowded with pas
sengers, who fortunately escaped seri
ous injury. Just as the Fillmore-street
car was crossing Hayes an eastbound
car on the latter street was coming
down the steep hill.
Foreseeing the danger of a collision
the gripman . immediately put on his
brakes and turned on his sand box,
but, owing to the slippery condition
of the rails, the brakes were of little
service and his car continued on Its
downward course, finally crashing into
the electric car. The cable car was
thrown off the track , and around
broadside with the electric car. The
windows in both cars were shattered
and the footrail on the left side of the
cable car was wrenched off.
Passengers sitting: inside of both
cars were tossed about and .badly
frightened, while those- occupying
seats on the outside anticipated the
collision by jumping off the cars, a^d
not a few of the latter, including sev
eral young women, were rolled in the
mud. The only injuries sustained wer e
scratches received by those that fell
on the street while scrambling to a
place of safety. - V -
Come Together at Hayes and Fillmore
Streets, but Passengers Escape
Serious Injury.
CABLE J AXD ELECTRIC . V
CARS IX A COLLISION
Fu Toda, a Japanese girl, young and,
according to the Oriental idea of beauty,
pretty, has - signalized her conversion
to Christianity by making restitution
to the Government of $20 40 duties on
goods that had been smuggled from
Japan into the United States on her
behalf.
¦ 'She arrived on the steamship Korea
on June 9, .1903, with; her brother;" K.
Toda. % He to make the usual
declaration and entry . as- required by
law, and a large quantity of Japanese
goods ~ was found : concealed in his
trunks. :' ;• The goods % were \ seized ' and
confiscated "and Toda was \ convicted of
smuggling 1 * and was sent to Jail. Miss i
Toda .being -, left ; . alone V without^her
brother 'to- protect her, took refuge in
Miss Lake's Oriental Christian Mission,
where ; she became sufficiently ' Imbued
with \ the ! spirit of Christianity \ to feel
that • she ', had a conscience. Not long
ago a locked t^unk was sent to her,
and on opening it she found many ef
fects, Intended, for; herself, all [ of which
were dutiable and. evidently smuggled.
She told' Miss Lake about the matter,
who in turn notified Customs Collector
Stratton, and the trunk was seized.
A report of the affair was transmit
ted to the TreaAury Department, with
the request that the goods be returned
to Miss Toda upon her paying the duty
of $20 40. A reply was received yester
day from R. B. Armstrong, | Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, granting the
request. The smuggled goods were re
turned to /Miss Toda, and she, who had
been a" benighted heathen, experienced
the .truth of the Christian adage, "Hon
esty is the best policy." '
permits,, -,$17,000; library fines, •*¦• $3000;
school' 1 apportionment, : $830,000;..' school
rents, $58,000; total, $1,660,000; lesspo
1106/* relief and pension transfers/ $30,
000; or $1,630,000.
The resume of the expenditures and
tax rates follows:
General fund— Expenditures, $4,762,
300;-revenues, $739,000; taxes, $4,023,300;
levy, .8941. School fund— Expenditures,
$1,300,200; revenues, $888,000; taxes,
$412,200; levy, .0916. Library fund—Ex
penditures,; $67,500; revenues, $3000;
taxes, $64,500; levy, .0143. Park fund-
Expenditures, - $344,000; revenues, $29,
000; taxes, $315,000; levy, .07. - Total-
Expenditures,? $6,^74,000;.' revenues, . $1,
659,000; taxes,. $4,815rQ00; levy, $1.07.
B.F.Stoll, dentist; Haight & Masonic av.»
hampered me In forming, a proper idea
of their *
'> 3 -- "HARRY BAEHR, Auditor." ;
The, segregated items of "Baehr'a
budget are as follows : vf - -/. '
Supervisors' office $43,700, advertising
$17,006,. burial of indigent dead $3000;
Interment of -ex-Union : soldiers and
sailors $3500, Cpublio pound' $6000, 'mu
nicipal reports:, $4000, ;¦ subsistence^ of
prisoners $51,500, stationery i for pub
lic offices $36,510, reblndihg. books $2000,
. furniture : ! public \ '¦¦". buildings | ; $8000,
Fpijtrth' of. July. . celebration ' $2500,
Memorial|day " observance -T $500,;, law
and ' motion calendar ' $2400,Vurgent; ne
cessity : fund ; $36,000,;water; | f orVmunlc
ipal > purposes ; $110,000, maintenance of
minors in ; various ; homes- $41,000,V."ex
amination I of .; insane;' $5000, " lighting
streets -and { publio - buildings \ $300,000,
tliree [ telephone operators in City , Hall
$1800.-- " . : V .. ',-.•.•
/ \ Municipal offices-7-Mayor. $14,700, Aud
itor $32,900," Assessor' $89,200, Coroner
$21,840,:. Recorder $41,700, v Tax . Collector
$69,550, V Treasurer:, $14, 800, ; Superior
Judges I $48;800, . , City " Attorney $20,300,
District^ Attorney; $37,400, :County Clerk
$105,200, Justices', Courts $20,700, law. li
brary $4680, Sheriff Police Judges
$25,200, Police .Department $1,075,848,
Fire Department and corporation yard
$894,450, Firemen's Relief $27,000, Health
Department $81,220. City Hospital $115.
000, Almshouse $86,000,' Emergency and
Insane Hospitals $41,000, smallpox hos
pitals"¦ $7800, leper hospitals:$8760,-Elec
trical-Department, $85,00p,: r Civil' Service
$8700, Department of -.Elections $100,000.
public library $67,500,; School Depart
ment i $1,300,200, j Department of - Public
Works $924,122, Golden Gate Park and
squares $315,000, added. to an estimated
revenue of $29,000. making $344,000 in all.
ESTIMATED REVENUE.
, The revenue of the city,
from sources other than. taxes, the tax
rate being $1 on every assessed valua
tion of ': $100, exclusive 'of J 7 j cents" for
parks," follows:
Fees ¦ from city and county officers,
$175,000; fines from PolicfTCourts, $25,
000; flnes'fronr Superior Courts, $1000;
municipal licenses; $478,500; rents from
city properties, $2000; commissions on
unsecured r personal .property taxes,
$15,000; ~. commissions . on : poll taxes,
$15,000; 'Treasurer's'- collateral inheri
tance commission,. $4000; miscellaneous
revenues, $4500; \ franchise- percentages,
$21,000 ; subsistence : States pris
oners, $5000;^ advertising," $6000; building
"Without question the tax rate
will be much lower this year than last
The Assessor Is now collecting the un
secured personal property tax on the
basis of last year's rate. The differ
ence between the rates of that and this
year will amount to considerable, which
the property owners will be entitled to
have refunded to them. This, together
wfth a contemplated raise by. the State
Board of Equalization (unless the.as
sessment roll reaches an amount satis
factory to them), will in Itself require
additional ¦ labor and extra expense.
It is hoped that these matters will be
carefully considered and provided for
by youV honorable board in the budget
finally adopted. ' • ,, . - « -
"It is most', gratifying, to note that
thepark improvement bonds have ma
tured and are being paid, together with
accrued interest, by the Treasurer.. This
will materially decrease the tax levy
for the following fiscal year. '
"The work of .the Public Works
branch of the city government must be
estimated byth'egood It -accomplishes
wlth r the money at its disposal. 'Real
izing the urgent - need •¦ of > an 5 Immense
amount of \work on our 'streets ' and
public buildings, , I have recommended
for .them, a round sum 7 of ' $925,572—
$100,000 to be' used .'for, the. construction
of. streets and -sewers and $150,000;. for
other specific •' public , - improvements. ,
The " sum .of ; $420,000 : for general.main
tenance ;will provide for general repairs
over a large area of thecity,' improve
ment of the. I city property, street sweep- |
ing arid -street; cleaning, repairs to :
county; roads, opening* of ; ne'w streets, .
and an additional 1 amount to be used
lir the caring for and \ maintaining of
"whatihas^already beeir.done : and } ur
gently required are provided /.for.,- I
hope, that you .will see. your, way "clear
to allow, these ..very Important and
much needed: items; \ .', -..., .;;_,
: ; , "The> negligence r of , the Department
of Electricity; and; th'e. Board of .Public
Works In not sending ) their estimates
to me as required by the "charter has
"The Fire Department is in need of
many improvements' and more engine
companies. The men "are, desirous ".of
securing fqur days in each month-.(in
cluding Sundays) .for their, home'.asso
ciations, and •'the appropriation :l>have
recommended -sviji provjde^the^neces."
sary substitutes^ during, their /aiisencV
I have accordingly made : a - provision
for. an increase of $50,000 to equip , the
department so thatit can successfully
fight fires. This will lessen the burdens
of the men incidental to. their -too close
application to. duty, and in the long
run prove a saving to the city.
"I am extremely gratified to be able
to recommend an Increase in the allow
ance of the School Department for sal
aries and Improvements. It should-re
ceive something in; excess of $1,300,000
to conduct its various:, branches and
make sanitary, alterations in numerous
school buildings. It is to be hoped that
the 'bond issue will be brought to a
speedy settlement through the Supreme
Court, so that all their funds will soon
be available.
"I am actuated purely by motives of
fairness in again calling your atten
tion to the justness of the interest de
mands due our merchants on their
claims for the fiscal year 1892-1893. The
Interest will amount to about $100,000,
and .could be met with a 'contingent
provision— that to be paid out of the
surplus at the end of the year if the
assessment roll -be more than the esti
mated $450,000,000, as it probably will.
"Since the Supreme Court has upheld
me in my contention that the special
tax for the hospital "and new school
was illegal, it rests with your honor
able board to make provision for re
funding the same to air the taxpayers
at an early date. This will entail con
siderable expense to the city and • an
additional amount of work in this office.
A - suitable appropriation should be
made for this purpose. •
REFUNDING EXCESS TAXES.
"To the Board of Supervisors: . In
submitting my budget to your board
for the fiscal year 1904-1905 I feel that I
must renew a few of my suggestions of
last year and call your attention again
to some of the places in the city gov
ernment where conservative uses 'of
public moneys will do .the.', most- good.
It is to be regretted that many of. the
departments cannot be allowed- more
funds to_ enable' them to conduct their
respective offices to the ' best advan
tage. ¦''
"I have recommended that the appro
priation for the Police Department for
the ensuing year be increased by |150,
000, in order that the police force may
be increased commensurate with the
demands of a fast-growing common-'
wealth.; San Francisco has long since
thrown off/her infancy and is growing
into maturity. The increase in her pop
ulation has been enormous during the
past " two years. This < Increase . has
brought with it an undesirable element,
neither wanted by us '•, nor "conducive to
the : betterment of society. Crime is in
creasing rapidly, and. will continue to
do so unless restrictions -are placed
upon its growth. The city has out
grown its present police force. The in
troduction of the eight-hour law. in the
department has, . of necessity, made . a
demand for 'additional patrolmen and
better equipment. 'It. is a penny-wise-"
and-pound-foollsh 'policy, a saving' at
the spigot, etc., to. neglect adequate po
lice, protection. The impression has
gone abroad that San Francisco is run
ning under the wide-open-town system,
which has invited "here the criminal
element in large numbers. The increase
I have recommended' for this.depart
ment will add a little over one hundred
extra patrolmen, /with'- a~ proportionate
complement of necessary officers and
equipment. • ! '
FIRE DEPARTMENT. " .
"SAN FRANCISCO, April 20, 1904.
Auditor Harry Baehr yesterday .filed
with the Board of Supervisors his esti
mates of the expenditures of the vari
ous municipal departments, aggregat
ing the sum of $6,474,000, for Incorpora
tion in the budget of the next fiscal
year.- Accompanying • the estimate la
an explanatory communication, in
which Baehr calls attention to the neg
ligence of the departments of Works
and Electricity to file their requests In
time. The letter follows:
Welcome A. Botkln, the divorced
husband of Mrs. Cordelia Botkln. died
suddenly yesterday In his apartments
at the Royal House. 126 Ellis street.
At 3 o'clock in the morning; he sum-:
moned the clerk to his room and com
plained of severe pains in the abdomen.
The clerk sent for Dr. A. D. McLean,
who administered the remedies usual
in such cases, and when he left the
room the patient was resting easily. |
At 7 o'clock the clerk \ visited the
room again and found. Botkin dead.
Botkin.was a. traveling salesman for
the meat firm of Armour & Co. of Chi
cago. He took apartments at the Royal
House shdrtly after his wife's arrest on
the charge of poisoning Mrs. John P.
Dunning in Dover. Del., and after he
had learned of the relations of his wife
with John P. Dunning* he sued for a.nd
was granted a .divorce.. He took to
heart very, much the notoriety into
which his wife's conduct brought him,
and it is believed that grief over the
unfortunate affair capped his strong
constitution and prematurely ended his
life. His friends say that he was very
anxious that his wife should secure, a
new trial and ultimately be acquitted
of the murder charge for the sake of
their adult son, Beverly. Mr. Botkln
was 67 years old.
When the case of Mrs. Cordelia Bot
kln. convicted of the murder ¦ of •. Mrs.
Elizabeth Dunning, was called in Judge
Cook's -court yesterday- a request, was
made on behalf of the defendant that ¦
sentence of imprisonment for . life be
not passed upon her. It was said that •
her attorneys had been unable to thor- J
oughly prepare their j argument on a i
motion for a new trial, as the transcript j
of the testimony taken at*the. trial was 1
not yet ready. The- Judge granted a j
continuance till May 9. . She wa? not J
told of the death of . her husband; till ,
after her return to the Branch County
Jail, and she appeared to' be miich : af
fected. ¦ . : •-
Young and Pretty Japanese
Girl Gives Up Smuggled
Goods to the Government
Aged Husband of the
Woman Convicted of Mur
der Is Unexpectedly Cut Off
Announces Requirements of Various-Departments
and Allows Additional Moneys for the Fire and
Police Branches and Coin for Improvements
HER CONSGIENGE
iiiiiii
WELCOME BOTKIN
DIES SUDDENLY
AUDITOR FILES HIS ESTIMATES
OF MUNICIPAL EXPENDITURES
38
THE SAN FRANCIS^, ;CALLV,SSUNDAY, MAY 1, 190*.
Title to Realty Disputed.
A suit to quiet title to realty at Oak
and'Fiilmore streets was filed yester
day by Frances Makepeace against
David J. ¦ Makepeace, her husband.
She. : alleges that, notwithstanding: she
has had possession of the property for
a long time, Makepeace claims an in
terest in It.
LIKE AJVHRAGLE
Mfs; Isabelle Farrell of 2919 Adslliis Street, Berkeley, Hal.,
.;..¦. Snatched From the Grave by tsmar.
Another remarkable cure! They con- those that are suffering now as I did.- If
tinue to multiply and thus prove lsmar's any one doubts your healing power they
•jTcat gilts er healing to be one of the may write to me or. call at. my home,
:•• - — u • 2919 Adeline • street <Ashby station),
/*^5Sa--fiA Berkeley, Cal.. for further Information.
" " . jC/^tf"M ~Lr*L fYou may publish this if you wish.)
- /ftffv /\jjfc{/ffi^mB$tl\ -^-T ° UrS *^MRS. "iSABELLE FARRELL."
/ k*£<*rJF?7 'vf*^^*&&Y' "i T Y From all over America come letters
•vjfedSfvrW rV&T^^i I ' testifying to the great gifts of -Ismar.
¦¦' '^ZLr^i lr£x?^^^ fc&lgrA' 1* vou are m an^ have given up all
'-**5-*&rZfi "•O^^i^^Wtn " h °P e ot being well, call and consult with
W*Km J * S v!w~irlm KvVi-^^^r^ff v7a Ismar. .. She can cure you, as she has
*~"^'~ .//*Ks2ltw^2*i?-4/ t^Sv • cur<?d and is continually curing others. -
rr r' : '"'¦ / //*?i$r ¦Ste^^(J6^ *-0ix We could not attempt to detail all the
%1 ::; J&!V'VntirP ll !&[ /tf&\ cases that have been healed and other-
- -' J^y^^a^^t^jT / ft ?\ wlEe benefited by the mysterious and al-
¦ /tffl^S^ *«^W ''/ F ' * : \ most miraculous powers of Ismar.
/l£&£s ''^3r Thus these startling. events crowd one
I IFH*U * m'i iior7 a ' H V another— Events that come to pass Just
I T$kXl ,~2&Qf^il2&& y ~ y ® Ja 'v as Ismar . the woman of mystery, deline-
t'w*?ls*i?V*il*&^~~**^~ : - £^' f \ I e & reat sifts of Ismar are not con-
. A r3C;V<Bf>''. t V\''X*" -^* -J~~£L /"¦ fined to prophecy alone, but she is a mas-
M r *l$]£2 •*' \$S?*~ : T~~~'^B& '• tor of the art of locating and curing dls-
: 'iSj-tUw-sV •<-Vv>*?-i- ? vSv ¦ • ' eases.also. Some of the cures she' has
__,,..,_ - ..» .. .~' , .. performed are almost miraculous. r
™irl &&?* mC - - Hcr<S i8 MrS - Far * To ' the youn * man starting a business
rcll a letter. . i career; to the man with interests ;ln
•1Sf4DAMP ifiMAn £J'^t P^} ( JA n . 4< ¦ stocks^and bonds; to the professional
~riZ£- - ¦ »J £ IAR ' *^ n Francisco: man, the lawyer or the physician; to the I
™*£?V1. . , Mad f roe— Heading over the miner, the prospector : or the owner of
mkny test! monjals of others that .have mines; to the woman .whose : heart. has
been cured by^ou..! also decided to ac- been- torn and is sore: to those afflicted
Knowledge openly wiiat you have done or In trouble; to those who doubt or have
for me. Two years ago I came to your, questions to ask of the unknown, lsmar's
office far 'ad vice.. I had been suffering great gifts are invaluable. i .
for year* and t>c\-cral prominent physi- write «her If you; can't call "'
clams pronounced my sickness incurable, questions answered, for $1. Full life
• ."After I began your, treatment- 1; felt reading- $5. Send money byWells-Fareo
like a new,i>cing add to-day I am, thanks PostotRce : money order or registered let-
to you, a strong and healthy woman. You ter. Rooms 9 and 10, 1104 Market street
have, indeed, - snatched . me from the San Francisco. Phone South. 1141. Office
grave. Knowing what you 'have done for hours, 10 a; 'm. to 5* p.' m.. Sundays, 10
me 1 cheerfully can recommend you 'to * a. m. to 12 m. . .' ... ; !
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦;
S PARLOR CHAIR B
S pDJ Special!
S fcr^' < » :f s»-*— for H
¦ III ; u ¦ VV c6K jp
¦ - . B'
I $3.65 i
¦ .'. Mahog-any Parlcr Chair, nphol-!
1 stered neat and back. Regmlar ¦
H valua S7.00. t
S We have just opened a complsta S
II line of Parlor Ooods. and offer this ¦
¦ special Inducement to the public to ¦
B call and Inspect our line. Z
I A. B. Smith Co J
g 128-132 Ellis St, S P. I
BaBBBBBBiflBnaiiBOBBaaB
WBfBWBMBBBBBBBBBBBBMBMMlli
Ge^ge Mayerld
Ctanua Expert Opticl*a,
7th and Market Streets. •'¦
Open evenlajrs until 9. Phone Sooth S71.
GSOBOZ XATZSI.S'S QXBMAM JTCZ'
WATX» gQo; by m*U, 63c.
Ajmsirnc stsqlass witxss, 9
for 35c. '
Don! Ruin *^Ba®
T^^^YovrEycs
•"¦' ~ DO YOU WEAR CLASSES?
Art they SOOTHTN'O «ad REST5*UXi? X>o
they rell«v» th» strain, tlurrtny and tlrtax at
tb« eyes? If sot na» Geors» ITayerTis'i Aatl-
¦eptlo Eyetlus Wipers. 13c: 2 (or 23c
GEORGE MAYERJL.E7S German Eytwitsr.
Perfectly harmless. Makes weak eyes strong,
son eyes well. Rests tired 'eyes. Highly rec-
ommended for weak I eyes, poor ilzht. bead''
acne.- dizziness, cloudiness of vision. iTn^fng-
spots, pain about the eyes, behind tbo bead o?
in temples, nervousness, sore eye*, watery or
discharging eyes, feeling; Ilka sand la the eyes,
burning;, smarting;. Itching;, scratching;, twitch*
ins, Kluey eyes, teary eyelids and other eym
troubles. * • •
BBWAHBOr TXJTTBXOV9 XMTTATIOCfS.
Insist on getting; the genuine, bearing a erowii
and the signature of George Mayerle. Price BQ
cents; by mall 63 cents. Bsnd money order or
"Wells-Fargo.
GEORGE MAYERLE
German 3^q?ert Optician, 1071 Xaxkat St,
3ST 2 Doors From 7th Sti
xnrxs ttt* 11111110 rxir.
Open «renlngs until 9. Pbon« South 8T3. V
K&yerU'a Olura Arm taraxUbly Htntrm-t
mtndtd Hy irrwy Vmar. |
Alleged Murderer Surrenders.
MISSOU1A, MonL. April 30.— John
Peters, -who, it la alleged, shot and
killed Allan Brown, a prominent
rancher, ' during 1 a dispute over graz-
ing: lands, has surrendered to Sheriff
Thompson.
EZRST OTTICIA5.
\^^M& Values j
M¥^^^^ l Women's Fine
1, 'tf^^vf^f Undergarments
/I % 1I'^^^P*?^«^Jb1 il These represent some of the
!^_ *', cve%r shown in Tiuslin^Unlkr- U
|~^^ r J iih^\ wear. In value, in cut and I
**^'* r T>i"^^^8sl&&wLJ^r^^ general appearance they are far JJ
A^-jgr^^S^^Pr^^y^^ superior to garments usually 'l
.'¦=»2£^r ! i~iw--ir' than the prices we quote here. I
WOMEN'S .NAINSOOK CHEMISE a* * f 't* * I
GOWNS— Embroidered bands with satin, \| IS T/irh II
ribbon trimmed. Special. >... V*«l«/ l^OVll II
..., WOMEN'S NAINSOOK GOWNS— Low neck £f r A p « B
and elbow sleeves, with deep lace yoke and \\ HII rJirh SI
ribbon beading. Sale price^ .......:.... . V.1«WV. litttll I
WOMEN'S WHITE MUSLIN SKIRTS— Made with $ t » Q I
deep flounce of blind embroidery and cluster of tucks. \\ Xfl I
Special Vl«tAJ I
In the Wash Goods Section. |
(Geary at. Aisle.)- I
NEW SUMMER LAWNS— White . and tinted . grounds; all |
stylish designs-:— dots, fancy stripes and floral effects; light, me- I
dium and dark colors; a' large assortment of *a yr * ll ,
! patterns to select from. Regular I2j^c qual- , IllfV i/lm II
ity. To-morrow .....:.. ..:.. 1VV *«»» U
FANCY MADRAS SUITINGS— Linen finish quality; white and |
colored grounds; Knickerbocker effects and other stylish pat- I
terns in the assortment. Just the thing for -tf%j. \j J ¦
shirt waist suits and skirts; a stylish fabric at I/72C ¥31*11 1
a popularprice .............. .............. *** • tt * 1 ** 1
©NEW SUMMER VOILES— One of the popular wash fabrics fo/ II
1904; white- grounds barred arid! knickered with pink, green, ll
blue, black, etc.; colored grounds barred and knickered in white. V
Most suitable for ladies' w a i s t s, dresses, 'I A 17 J B
etc., and for- children's garments Z(|C lOFu i
FANCY WHITE LENO LINONS— Fine, shier quality; some 1
-with fancy white corded stripes, others witti white lappet cord- I
ed stripes; » this season's newest styles;; sui^- • -g A \r ' 1 I
able for ladies' waists, suits, etc., and for chil- lyQ X(\T(\ 1
• dren's wear. ¦ Regulaf; 35c quality. On sale. . .* xw *t»i*» ¦
Some Remarkable Values in Knit Underwear Section |
• . , - (Ground Floor.) li
LADIES'^EiSTS-^-Low neck, no sleeves; pinkl black and
white; made w;th fancy stitch; plain and /*V p *
lace trimmed yoke. Special . . . ... . : ... ..... £^Q C3Cu
. LADIES' LISLETHREAD VESTS — Hanti- -7A p t
crocheted yokes, (white. only); a regularise tXiCi vHCll
vest. Special ¦...."../.::.:.....;..•• . *" v i^uvii
;? LADIES' SILK aind LISLE "VESTS-Low neck,* no sleeves;
T -' t 'plain and. lace-trimmcd neck; in pink, sky ja p * ; .1
' and white. A regular $1.00 vest. Special.. 4yC JCHCll ll
:•; LADIES' VESTS^Made; of '|fin«! Egyptian jq wy * II
yarns; high neck, long sleeves; tights to A}\Cj H/irh II
match (cream white); *: Special^ .-......'...... w L »vU I
l r LADIES' BLACK LACE LISLE" HOSE--Allover and d»| nn ll
V ankle ;lacc. ; Our- regular 50c hose. Special. 3 pairs |||| U
*M Cor. Srant Jive, and Scary c5V. (f?A
\M AGENTS ROYAL W0RCESTEr'C0RSET& / W
ADVERTISEMENTS.'.
Of the Skin and Scalp
¦ Speedily Cured by
f i Baths with
;..:.To. 4cf nse the skin of crusts
Yand- scales, and soften the
• : thickened cuticle, gentle ap-
•J plications of CUTICURA
/.Ointment to instantly allay
."itching, irritation, and inflam-
"i niatipn, and soothe and heal,
: : and. mild doses of CUTI-
"CURA Pills to cool and
: /deanse the blood.
'..A single.SET, eostiag but One Dollar,
.is' often sufficient to core the most
" torturing; dis'fignring skin, scalp, and
* tjood "humors, eczemas, rashes, itch*
•ings, and irritations, with loss of hair,
'¦ frpjii infancy to age, when all else fails.
. 'So'.d tfcrourhoBl the »or'.d. Caticsn Soap, Me. OlnU
¦ T».»tn. *•':• :.. Kno^nt, SOc • ic form «f Chore »!• O«t«!
.'.• ri:.«. ric j-r vUl of eOt. IVpot,: London. 3 Ch*rl«r.
koua* *>« . ; Par!». I Ra« it 1* Ptix ; Button. IX CalomOM
A»». ron^r Druc» Cb«n. C»rp.. So'.t Proyrittox*.
' . mr ttni (or " Xtt Great Humor Curt "
$500.00 REWARD
If tl'.^ Pudic Klnjr fails to cure Organic
>Vea.kness; Lost Vigor, Varicocele.- It
coinpfls Gro^tb and Vigor. The world's
. greatest surgeons have been trying for
• >'£Ars to .{;nd .some practical method of
. c#ntr«.ljing the-pndlo Verve, as this
•w<£jM tee a permanent cure ia all cases.
. JJr. Burnard of France. has accomplished
't!^is -in -the Pulic ZUng, as it surrounds
and .comes in direct . contact with the
Fufilc Iferre, which controls the Organs
~ f Gchfration. Ko Mediclme. Ko Incon-
veiieace. Lastfi a lifetime. 92 50 post-
yaldt H& mrKSAXSl OO^ I4O Oeary St.
Laces; Embroideries,
Collars, Nets.
NEW GOODS,
Collars.
We have "Just opened up another large consignment
Of FINE SWISS EMBROIDERED TURNOVER COLLARS.
This is tne 'largest and most deslrahle lot of these
goods ever shown in thlscitu, tbe assortment consisting
: or85 dirrerent stijles. Then were Imported to retail at
4QQ-and 50c "each. - We will sell the entire IE^ ¦
/lot at..... •.:..:•£. .--¦••.- ••• IDC eacn -
Embroideries.
15,000 uardS'FINE CAMBRIC and NAINSOOK EM-
BROIDERIES. This lot of goods are In Edgings, In-
sertings, •¦ Dsmr-Flounclngs and Allovers. Then are
from'oniB -or -the leading Swiss manufacturers, and
come from up to 16 Iff^* *
lncKes In width. Prices. .... IwU 10 UUU u ara »
Our second shipment of: FRENCH VALENCIENNES
LACES has come- to hand. Then are In all widths.
Edgings and lnserttngs to match. We haYe in this lot
:about 250 different patterns f}'Sg%, CQ.00 P er
and the prices range '-from •fc3v to yu piece.
iNers*
One case (85 pieces) FRENCH, VENICE, ORIENTAL
and LIERRE ALLOVER NETS. These are In cream,
ficru, white and hlack. Theg are all In small and
medium patterns, fcl aa \ x t>£± AA 'i v
Prices a|> I . UU t0 $ D. U U Hard*
iv T A TpC Our special sale of Ladles' and Men's Linen Hand-
le v/ I Ct kerchiefs and Ladles' Black Silk and Sateen
===== Petticoats will be continued all this week; /
TWT^'X'Tpfl^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
i^v/ 1 Oj All orders for samples or ioods filled
. and shipped same day they are received.
111,113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADTTE^TISEHENTS.
ISMAIL
ADVZ3LTZSE3CENTS.SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 1, 1904.
Continued on Page 42, Column 1.
"The Pacific^ Ocean** Exposition * in
1913" was the of [R.- B; .Hale's
speech— a speech" that was listened, to
Hale /Advocates a "Great Fair
¦ . *.-. by' the Golden VGate.
SAN FRANCISCO 'EXPOSITION.
A. J. Plllsbury ; of ,'the San 'Joaquin
Valley - Commercial - ; Association was
next, listened to with great interest and
warmly applauded while .he discussed
"What . Irrigation Has • Done 'and • Will
Dw for.; California,". Mr.; Pillsbury. said
in part: , v , . V
, ; "If 'there be, any good In the world
that needs to.be used with a^ wiser dis
cretion and ' a*'- sounder - forbearance
A. J.'Pillsbury Tells of the Importance
\ of State's Water Supply.
VALUE OF IRRIGATION.
' Henry. Welnstock of . Sacramento,
who represented the Sacramento >Valley
Development .Associate n, -made bneVof
the most - effective addresses V of r the
evei-ing. Heisaidfamong/other; things:
.VModerni great pities' are, in-.'many
ways, great blessings. They have be
come'thefcenters^of: the Ihighesti civi
lization. Capital arid;brains'are^fodalr
ized • • there * ' and - from ; " V thence £-; send
forth- their lnfluehcer in all' directions.
dation , of City's Welfare.
Rural Prosperity Declared the Foun-
TOWN v AND COUNTY.
"When the hearty cheers that greeted
Governor Pardee's appearance had sub-
Elded, he spoke as follows," on "Cali
fornia, El Dorado of the West": ,
"Mr. Toastmaster and Gentlemen:
Fcur hundred years ago, when the then
recently discovered New World was be
ing adventured by those contemporary
with Columbus, there was a well
authenticated story that somewhere' In
this terra incognita there was a realm
so rich in precious -stones and metal?
that the meanest utensils were of gold
¦and all the brooks were pebbled thickly
with glistening diamonds. . It was re
lated by -those who said they knew
that It, was the custom -In that: much
sought land to clothe its" ruler in gar
ments SDun from shining ; gold/and ; on
that account Its Prince was ] ; . known
among : the. Spanish explorers aa 'El
Dorado, the Gilded One.jfijftSggjfg
"The early' explorers,' following • the
£3 Dorado.
Governor of the State Speaks of Real
PARDEE'S RINGING SPEECH.
, John McNaught, whose name was
not placed on' the list of speefchmakers,
in order that his remarks might come
as a happy surprise,- was next ¦ intro
duced by Mr. Sbarboro. After a brief
address, in which he sincerely praised
Rufus P.:Jennlngs for the skillful and
untiring 'manner fli which he managed
the recent excursion of the Promo-,
tion Committee. 'he presented to him,
on behalf of the committee, an oil
painting by William .Keith, Califor
nia's greatest "landscape artist. Mr.
McNaught also presented E. P. An
tron, Mr. Jennings' able assistant, with
a gold lockef and - watch fob. The
presentation remarks were as follows:
"Early in? this . pleasant month of
April a party of something moire than
a hundred men left San. Francisco un
der the direction of the ICalifornia Pro
motion Committee, making a four days'
excursion through the southern part of
the State, as far; as . San Diego, , and
thence homeward. with short visits of
hospitality and good cheer at. the chief
cities of the coast counties.
- '-'The excursion was,.- designed 'more
for the purpose of ¦ promoting » a new
enthusiasm of State patriotism "among
the people both north v and south, -than
as a mere pleasure trip; but. It proved
that for Californians pleasure. and pa
triotism are inseparably .united when
ever any, company of them visits any
part of California's vast wonderland to
study ; the resources of its soil. and' the
enterprise of its people. It was the
glad season of singing birds and
springing flower?* and skies made beau
tiful by sun and cloud, a <ii?ht . and
loveliness as' of. Eden was over 'all. the
land;* and the company was responsive
to every influence of the season, for It
Mementoes of Recent Excursion.
Jennings and Antron. Presented With
REWARDS OF 3£E3UT.
Ed\vard E. Leake, representing the
Yoio .County Chamber of Commerce,
spoke with his usual force and elo
quence in response to the toast "The
Importance of Organized Effort in
State Development." The Yolo editor
said in part:
, "The .'extraordinary development we
have, witnessed in the' southern' part
,of the State is the direct result of or
ganized effort. The increase in wealth
and population has been something
marvelous. Speaking for Yolo Coun
ty, we do not envy the south for any
of the prosperity it has achieved. We
admire its pluck, its energy, -its pro
gressiyeness and its public spirit. In
deed, we cannot afford to be sectional
in .our efforts.^ to develop the great
State we all love so well. We are all
Californlans. We are, animated, by
the. same purposes and. inspired by
the. same i motives. We should cultivate
closer • social gelations and , more inti
mate business relations. Let us work
together in. harmony. and co-operation
in the development of California—
this noble heritage' that God has given
us" ; \ this ' land where /nature has * been
so prodigal. with her favors and .where
there is so much. to remind us of the
blessings that have been showered
upon us; where the skies overhead are
"so blue; where the glowing .summer
Sundays- such.a ' rich : sheen up'on"the
grass beneath : our feet; " where ' the"
scenery is magnificent arid matchless;
where towering ! peaks make , a profile
against the skies' as 'clear and well de
fined as if cut with a sculptor's chisel;
where a'perfiime as sweet and .'deli
cate as * a" • breath J from ' heaven per
vades, the: air;' where -the earth first
dons her velvet , and «atin, then her
gold lace,' and spreads a ;feast,of the
(richest her; fields, orchards and vine
yards can yield;. where the birds. sing
their , ; sweetest^ roundelays "and the
flowers shed- their;, richest' fragrance.
Living. in w this \ land, .-warmed ..by. the
most genial sunshine that "ever shone
full f roni the face of heaven and cool
ed by the* most delicious^ breezes that
ever called; into-* existence" the 'flowers,
of 'a* f air : land, and surrounded .by , the
plenteousness " of ' God's ; bounty,- let U3
pledge anew- our. fealty, to' the greatest
State, in "the American Union.". . (Ap
plause.) . ;.:¦ ; : rt < .
Editor Leake of ' Yolo County Pleads
; for Unity • of Action. . ¦'''-.;, '¦
\ ¦ ¦ _
BENEFITS OF ORGANIZATION.
TOASTMASTER AND SPEAKERS AT
THE CALIFORNIA PROMOTION
COMMITTEES STATE DINNER. ,
than whisky that thing is water — and
especially when. used for Irrigation.
"California must extend its irrigat
ed area . indefinitely or soon become
agriculturally a '.finished common
wealth;- Agricultural progress is made
in this State only as 'an additional
acreage of arable land is brought: un
der a certain, .sufficient and definitely
legalized supply, of water for irriga
tion purposes.
"It takes 400 tons of water holding
in solution the earthy elements of
plant food to be sucked from the
ground by the rootlets, pumped up
through the stems and exuded through
the myriad valves of the leaves to pro
duce a single ton of cured alfalfa hay.
It takes more than 300 tons of water
so utilized, without making allowance
for evaporation from th*e ground or
loss by percolation through the sands,
to produce a single ton of cured bar
ley or wheat hay, and there are alfalfa
growing districts in California where,
to cover, seepage and evaporation , as
well .as .plant requirements, an allow
ance is made of 1200 tons of water to
each • ton cured : hay. * Theirs are
single elms in New England that? have
been esfljnated ; to hav$: five acres of
evaporating surface of leafage. I have
no means of knowing ' what the leaf
age surface "of evaporation > of a" San
Joaquin Valley .'peach orchard would
figure out to- be, but ! it is certainly
many times the superficial area of the
ground upon ; which the orchard 1
stands. I have no means of knowing
how much water, orchard trees re
quire in order to * produce a ton of
cured fruit, , but it must be enormous.
Add to this the thought that, 1 accord
ing to experiments that* have been
made,' 90 ." per ' cent of the , water - that
is : pbured on top of the ground'by
flooding in summer time is evaporated
without ever reaching'; the rootlets at
all, "snid some : idea can" be- formed of
! the* "tremendous • drafts ; which irriga-"
tiori as now conducted Is makine upon
the : possible,/* water "¦ supply. • ' '¦_ which
grudging nature has made
f or : Calif ornia." - i v : . " v '' . / .
"Hail California, modern and far out
shining ancient fabled El Dorado! (Ap
plause.) V
will-o'-the-wisp of .fabled riches, never
found El Dorado nor his realm. Their"
greed, unsatisfied, burned out the lives
of many men whose great resources of
head and heart .turned, into other and
more pregnant linesof thought and ac
tion would have made the New World
sooner mistress of the old. And soon,
discouraged by continued failures, it
was accepted by the world at large
that El Dorado was a myth, his land
a figment of disordered brains, his
wealth no better than a dream of ava
riciousness and greed.
"Cabrillo, Viscaino and Sir Francis
Drake came gallantly sailing up the J
eastern coast of the-.mighty Pacific,
landing here and there upon its. shores.
They had given up the hope of taking
captive El Dorado and laying tribute
his riches. And little did the great
freebooter, Sir Francis, dream when
be careened his 'Golden Hind' to pre
pare her for the capture of the treasure
laden galleons from Manila, but a few
miles from where we sit to-night, that
he had set foot upon the land so long
sought, the realm of 'El Dorado, the
Gilded One.' It remained for the hardy
Marshall to unlock the secret place in
which was stored the wealth that le
gend had placed in El Dorado's hands.
It remained for Sutter's millwright to
send abroad the message that brought
to California the men of '49. (Applause.)
It remained for him to open up to us
the land we love so well, our Califor
nia, truly El Dorado's kingdom!
"There Is in all. the history of the
world no more curious verification of
an apparent fable than that of El Do
rado and his kingdom— California. (Ap
plause.) King Solomon's fabled mines
faded Into Insignificance compared to
the realized wealth of the discovered
California— El Dorado's realm. Her
fame, undying while the world shall
stand, rested primarily upon the un
told golden millions she so freely gave
to all the world from out the secret
storehouses of her magic soil. But
though she still pours out her annual
millions of the yellow gold in quantities
enough to make • her. were that ; her
only product, still El Dorado's king
dom, her' other -wealth has paled to
comparative insignificance the source
of hVr first name and fame. >¦
"No longer do the subjects of our El
Dorado rely entirely for their support
or wealth upon the gold 'that formerly
was our only contribution to the wealth
of nations. For while the patient miner
.wrests from the reluctant hills the
wealth that through him enriches all,
our fertile acres, fattened by the ge
nial California sun, return us other
millions and have made us famous in
another, way.
"The Upbuilding • of California" was
the toast assigned to Rufus v P. Jennings,
executive officer or the Promotion Com
mittee. In presenting him to the as
semblage, Toastmaster ~ f barbbro' said:
"Here is the man' that . has* made the
Promotion . Committee the success that
it is," and j the well-earned 'compliment
was indorsed'; by ringing cheers. " Jen
nings said in part:;" , ' '
" "California has awakened to the im
portance of letting;' the "world: know of
her.* resources f and to /the* necessity' of
bringing' to the State &. desirable class
of people. "• It ; is . an undeniable • fact
that in \ the past - two; years" California
has. bcen_ brought more .' prominently
the 'world than at any time'.dur
ing Its history, with possibly : the ex-,
ception of the. time gold was 'discovered
in \ the State. In •; the ;of *a
commonwealth a health^ and; friendly
rivalry is . desirable;
but' ? this, rivalry^need r not" and . should
not: be carried- on in. the*. spirit of dls
paragemeht."-.We; need I more !.-: meh> in
California" whoUakeansunaelfish Inter
est in' matters pertaining to ; the public
welfafe.y::. .";""'', :^.'.'; 5-^''-. ¦'•-' ' . ¦/'¦
* "If /every ? citizen ; would derote ' even
a small portion^of his time and energy
to ; the general ; gOffd -outside; of j his 'own
, personal .. business!: he j should jbe i amply
: repaid i by :« the* increased^ prosperity \ of
' the } community -arid ' i ts\ reflection "on
himself^ -- -j- *;
"During. the -last twenty^ months .the
/committee has \ received' more ] than '40,-
Executive Officer Jennings Tells What
* j Promotion Committee Is Doing.
WORKING FOR THE STATE.
The- great, populated centers are : the
market places '. where those' meet who
ha' t ; the 'products i of mind" and muscle
to exchanga^and- to .interchange. The
teacher, for example, who has a new
thought to impart; "the moralist, who
has a new message to preach ; ! the In
ventor, who has a new device to in
troduce; the poet,: who has a new song
to sing; the author, who has a new
story to tell ; the merchant, \ who . has
new. goods to' sell; .the manufacturer,
who has a. new product to market, all
find the widest hearing and the broad
est opportunities in the great city. ¦• V
"Cities have done much to acceler
ate our civilization, to j stimulate i high
thought, noble action and an'unself
ish spiritl But how are the great
cities maintained. Whence" conies
their support.- What would be their
fateif they should be cut-off from all
communication with the rest of. the
world? "After/all, are •they.-not de
pendent, | most dependent; .-' upon the
toilers _living. far from the' city? ' De
stroy every great* city within the , land
and the tillers of the soil would still
live on in more or less comfort and
decency.- . * . - • - -/ :
\ "Wipe out the farm and the^orchard,
the mine - and the forest, the 9 hamlet
and village, and- what. becomes of your
great cities? "Must not the myriadsof
dwellers soon perish for want of bread
and meat, fuel and rainient? Much as
he who follows the plow may , be de
pendent for profit and; comfort- and
convenience upon those who live in
great cities, how infinitely mbre de
pendent i are ; those r who live in the
metropolitan ; centers upon him who
tills the soil, digs in the mine and
wields the ax." (Applause.)
"The beauties, the opportunities and
resources of California are ably de
scribed and illustrated in the official
report of his Excellency Mayor Ed.
des Planches, Italian Embassador at
Washington, and, it may be added, to
such an extent, that, some one might
be Induced to suspect exaggeration.
However, any one who has visited even
a small part of California must admit
that,' although such praise is great,
seldom it overstates the facts, and no
description can convey an exact Idea
of what the country, really is.
"I now take pleasure In presenting
to you our honored Governor of Cali
fornia, George . C. Pardee." (Ap
plause.) \
The dinner dispatched, Chairman
Sbarboro rose to introduce the first
speaker of the evening. In doing so
he took occasion to read from the of
ficial report of his Excellency . the
Italian Embassador to the United
States, whose recent visit to San Fran
cisco is still remembered with pleas
ure by all its citizens. The Embas
sador's praises of California were re
ceived with cheers. Mr. Sbarboro
said in part:
"The California Promotion Commit
tee is highly pleased to see assembled
this evening such a large number of
representative citizens from all parts
of the State, who have come to discuss
at the festive board the welfare of
California. As Italy is the garden of
Europe, so California is the garden
of America. The land of art, song and
poetry sustains over 33,000,000 in
habitants, while the State of Califor
nia, with one-third larger territory,
¦with the same climate as that of Italy,
and producing, every shrub, tree and
flower that grows in that sunny land,
has as yet only 1.500,000 inhabitants.
"The time will unquestionaly soon
come when this State, will contain
more people than any other State in
the Union. To expedite this event our
Promotion Committee, which, by the
way, was primarily, organized by that
excellent gentleman.' General Green of
Colusa, is daily disseminating correct
Information to all parts of the world,
showing the great advantages offered
by California, both to the rich and to
the poor. In order to obtain the best
results from our work we require the
co-operation of the public-spirited
citizens and the people of every part
of California. Let us work together.
Let our moto be that which has kept
nited for over 500 years the little re
public of Switzerland:
" 'ONE FOR ALL AND ALL FOR
ONE.'
Chairman of California Promotion
Committee Acts as Toastmaster.
SBARBORO'S OPENING.
000 letters, sent out 96,000 letters and
distributed more than 800 ; 000 pieces of
literature. When the inquirer- makes
up his mind what section of the State
he prefers. he is placed in direct com
munication with the' organization rep
resenting that section. Thus you will
see'that the committee, in its work of
developing: the entire State, is effecting
centralization of effort, yet the im
provement 1 clubs' of the several com
munities are left in a position to fur
ther .the particular interests o< those
communities and they, are all doing
good work, jy • j - '.". '.:.",:.. .-..
"The demands- on the committee are
increasing, all the time. The plans con
template still more effective and far
reaching work than has yet been done.
To carry out these plans still further
support is requiredl The .benefit to
every one in the commifnity can
scarcely be overestimated, and it is
hoped that moral and financial aid
commensurate with these benefits will
be extended. What one man or one set
of men can do is insignificant compared
with what we can all do by working
together and by a generai spirit of co
operation." (Prolonged applause.)
Utopia GJnger Ale, Cooks', Paul Mas
son Champagne.
* T-fcft seating arrangements were ad
zclrably fcoriceived and perfectly car
fled cut. An Innovation that is worthy
.o'f being Imitated was the omission of
the usual t£ble for the "dignitaries.;*
The jrpeakers . were scattered all over
the room* Men famous In professional,
official ©ad military circles rubbed el
-bows with men who are powers in the
'jworid of commerce and. Industry. Citi
zens-of San Francisco sat elde by side
iwlth men Irom the .interior. All seats
wese equally desirable, and every guest
•felt "himself well placed. Among the
guests, that attracted attention was
Luther • Burbrfnk of Santa Rosa, _ the
most, famous hybridist of plants in the
world. The menu failed, howWer, to
specify wjjlch of. his speciea. or eub-
Epecies of potato was selected for the
delectation of the
This.'menu, to which every guest' did
ample Justice, ti*as as follows:
Del Norte Oysters on the Half Shell.
Ban Diego. Green Turtle Clear.
>. * Oroville Olives.
San Francisco Radishes.
/ Sacramento. Almonds.
Monterey Bay Striped Bass,
Golden 'Gate.
*? ' " New Salinas; Potatoes. f
'.Fipet of Mendoclno Beef, • with Ala
. meda Spring Vegetables.
• Petaluma: Chicken Pate, Excelsior.
- Los Angeles Stuffed Squab,
GibU-t K^use. Sftjjj
• . -"Saiita. 'Clar'a. r Peas. »
Xapa' Tomatoes, with Hearts of San
"*Mateo LetCuce.
; Sad .Joajjuin /Asparagus.
Icecream" 1 — Mount Shasta — with' Florin
\ • ' Ftcawbei'jiics. JWHfH
Burlingrame Fatrcy Cakes.
Ventura Walnuts.' '/Fresno Raisins.
'' ' ' • Cafe X.oir.
"Cresta Blanca* Sauterne, Mount
Hamilton' Riesling-,. CSmillon," Cabinet
Riesling* Crescent RMge, Asti Tipo
Chlanti, Hillcrest, ClYambertin Bur
gundy, Shasta, r Bartlett. Alhambra,
Witter, Jackson's* Nap # a. Soda, I-ador-a,
A. WELL .PLANNED FEAST.
* The decorative scheme adopted for
the large grillroom at the Palace, which
was given- uy to the banquet, was one
of the most artistic and effective ever
<een at a" San Francisco banquet. ( The
idea, that* was ""well worked, out- in the'
unique wairand table adornments, was!
that of "."U meadow in a. forest." Round
*?ie avails .of .the room groves of red
v> oodff f ri.<«TJ Martn County furnished a'
"background of deepest green to the
brilliant srx?etacle uf .tables and guests.
•FheVfe. redwoods, chosen for their sym
'-rii<£try. -reacl?ed from floor to ceiling
aiid filled the place with their charac-.
t eristic and delightful odor, suggestive
of California's proudest forests.
"Th<j tables carried out the central
•Wea ¦by/ptese.nting^the trieadow. Down
ibe center* of each j«an-a strip of sod —
the -real, ihing. • with real grass grow
ing upbait. just as U came from some
'¦well-kept* .lawn. Blooming in this
•'•meadow'' a; .wealth "of California's
•choicest . splden. hillti'de flowers — prim
rosei; wild tansies, daffodils, iris, but
tercups " and poppies — was arranged.
This., was bBT yet it -abundantly sug
gested the ' wealth of: the Golden State.
*ahd it seemed as' if a wild garden had
•been transplanted to the tables of the
Palace, beautifully to demonstrate the
Calif prn-ia ideal — the union of city and
country. '._> /*-.- p\
The officials of the California Promo
tion Committee sat at the ends of all
the tables. Chairman Andrea Sbarboro
of that efficient organization, and also
rcpfesefi.ting the Manufacturers' and
Producer^' Association, headed the
center table, where he presided grace
fully over the feast. . Frederick J. Kbs
ter of ; thp Merchants' Association,
George- W. McNear of the Merchants'
Exchange.- A. -A.. Watkins of the San
Francisco Board of Trade and Rufus
P. Jennings, executive officer of the
Promotion Committee and representing
the San "Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, were ' seated - at the adjoining
tables. - Opposite to these gentlemen
.sat the members of the advisory com
"fplttee of the California Promotion
Committed. ¦'¦£•:£.
.MEADOW IV THE FOREST.
'. The' essential unity cf California in
terests" and tne. need of co-operation
-4n thefr development furnished the key
note that ivas struck again and again
; .tCith ringing force at the great State
•.disner- last night at the Palace HoteL
"Representative men from all the cities
and'-countics of California cheered' to
Ithe echo the sentiment proposed by
Chairnian Siar.boro of the California
•Promotion Committee: "One for all and
ali-fpr one." Such was the spirit of the
. fete^r-the spirit in which it was planned
* tvith intelligent zeal and carried ¦ out
:-w!j.h fargighted enthusiasm to a splen
did, success. ; • '-.""';
'/.At least's third of the 400 men that
trijw.er.ed the Promotion Committee's
lavltatipns a,hd met around the tables
'£an>e from points outside San Fran
•<isc6. Tnesre men of the north and of
'.the 'south 'vied, with citizens of the
: . metropolis in pledging their support to
.tb* objfpt of the inteeting— as' voiced by
. the many eloquent speakers— the plan
of bringing into "touch the various civic
and -trade." organizations now working
independently in order. to promote har-
Jnony of"-13eas and unity of effort in
. advancing the common welfare of Cali
• forcia. ¦ .
"The estimated total . expenditure for
the St. Louis Exposition is $30,000,000.
and: the bulk of this will , have been
spent fnJSL'LOUis: before the exposition
opens its doors. We cannot afford to
miss -an opportunity to have compara
tively as much money spent in our
midst, even if we have to subscribe a
substantial part: but itmustbe a
movement of the whole people. About
23,000 stockholders were numbered
among the subscribers at St. Louis. I
speak of this to show how general the
subscription was and how the people
rose to the occasion. . The city of St.
Louis raised 53,000,000 by floating
municipal bonds and J3.000.000 by pri
vate subscription. It may not be neces
sary for San Francisco to raise as
much money as St. Louis. She is pre
eminently located, and with a much
smaller outlay can have an exposition
so different, so unique and at the same
time on so grand a Sc^le that it will
be heralded as a model for generations
to come.
"From $2,500,000 to $3,000,000 would
be comparatively easy to finance In San
Francisco, providing it is practical ! tv
begin early and raise part each year,
making it a graduating amount, so
that the years deriving the greatest
benefit can • pay their proportionate
share. The State of California could
well . afford to put up as much more,
and the United States Government,
could not consistently subscribe any^
less than she did for St. Louis, proVldr
ing the exposition . Is held. In honor. o£
the Panama canal and as an adver
tisement therefor." (Applause.)
take any chances of having some other
city pluck the persimmon while we are
thinking about the ills we know not of,
fearing to attempt because of the un
known possibilities beyond. We need
more men who are ready to say 'i
will." The world is full of men who
know, but fail to act. We want more
men of action. That's the stuff pros
perity i3 made of. We must not be
in the position of the -wise' man, who
thinks too long befort he speaks, and,
when it is too late, sits down, defeated
am^alone, to think what might have
been and moan 'Alas, why did I wait?"
"Financially San Francisco is Just
as able to' support a fair, as the city of
St. Louis. (Applause.)
"We have heard it sald^ that San
Francisco would be sidetracked by the
Panama canal — and so she may be, if
we slumber. The world will never know,
unless we tell them of our natural re
sources and possibilities. It is all
very well to sit back and say that
prosperity has settled in San Fran
cisco and that she .will make . It a
great city in spite of us, but what the
world does not know • she cannot | use.
The Pacific Ocean was discovered" % in
1513, but San Francisco Bay was' not
entered until 1777, 264 years interven
ing. "We may have an uncertain pros
perity, but to get the real, genuine ad
vancement which we can" have means
constant effort and exploitation of our
natural advantages.
"It is essential for San Francisco to
speak early if she desires . the honor
of celebrating the opening of the Pan
ama canal, that all other enterpris
ing cities may know that the occasion
is spoken for. It is not best for us to
with intense interest and frequently
interrupted by demonstrations of tha
approval of the orator's hearers. Mr.
Hale's address was in part as follows:
Golden State's
IViany Interests
Discussed.
Interesting Sub
jects Handled
by Experts.
Ringing Speeches
' 'in Favor of
: v Harmony.
All Sections of the
Commonwealth
Represented.
CAL IFORN IA PROMOTION COMMITTEE ENTERTAI NS GREAT COM PANY
OF LEADERS IN INDUSTRY AND COMMERCE AT NOTEWORTHY DINNER
Pages 39to 52
Pages 39 to 52.Jack. Burkfe. who has been fighting
preliminaries, has been _ matched .with
Rufe Turner:. They. wju meet in Stock
ton on Lithe 20th inst. They are to
weigh 133 pounds at; 3 o'clock.
Jack Burke to Fight Turner.
put by. putting the ball "41' feet 9 inches.
McDonald >; of 'Washington ; wa* second
.with a put of 39 feet 8 Inches,; and Gil
more third with 39 feet 2 inches.
'The final score;' for. the -day. gave Cali
fornia '72 l points, against : 36 for Wash
ington,:
SAN JOSE. April 30.— Bertrand C.
Downing, one of the speediest amateur
bicyclists on the Pacific Coast, left
this morning for the East to. race in
the various circuits. He goes from
here to Newark, N. J., where he will
ride in the International races .to be
held there. Downing will also rid«
at the races to be held at : the St.
Louis Exposition. He is a member of
the Garden City' Wheelmen and 'will
ride under the colors of that organiza
tion.-- Two years "ago Downing, with
his brother, Lace Downing, won every
race they started in and .won more
races than any- other, rider on the
coast. ' He is -a brother of Hardy
Downing, the well known professional
bicyclist, now. in , Australia. .
Blcs'cle Rider Goes Eastward.
SAN RAFAEL, April 30.— The San
Rafael High School basketball team
played the Lick High School team of
San Francisco In this city this after
noon. The home team was victorious.
At the end of the first half the visit
ors were two points . ahead. In thft
seond half San Rafael tied the score,
7 to 7. The visitors again took aylead
of one point Vhen the game was all
over but "two minutes' time. An al
leged foul on Licks part caused con
siderable discussion. Referee" Byrnes
declared the game must proceed with
in three minutes. Lick refused to
concede the point and the game was
given to' San Rafael by default.
San Rafncl Team the Winner.
A strong wind swept the tennis
courts yesterday and made playing
difficult. The best match was a dou
bles between the Baker brothers of
the Golden Gate Club and Tracy
Crawford and Will Allen. The Bakers
played their usual steady game and
lobbed well despite the wind. Allen
and Crawford were off in their net
work and netted easy kills. The match
was hard fought from start to finish.
The Bakers won by a narrow margin,
taking two sets out of three.
Several good singles matches were
played, in all of which Herbert Long
figured. He lost one and won two.
Long took his brother into camp, but
the latter made an excellent showing,
winning the first set and almost win
ning one of the other three.
Long next took on Merle Johnson.
The latter has not played for several
months, but made Long play his best
to win. Johnson won the last'set and
almost won the second and third.
Long next essayed to beat George
Baker, the park expert, but was too
tired to make any showing against
his cleverer opponent.
.Will Allen and Tracy Crawford
played- an interesting two-set match
in which Allen carried off the honors.
The latter is rounding into form and
will be harfl to beat from now on.
Tho Baker Brothers Take Two Sets
Out of Three From Crawford
and Allen.
FEW TENNIS PLAYERS
BRAVE THE HIGH WIND
. Powell of California won the 120-yard
hurdle race in. :16 3-5: Frei of Califor
nia, second, and Hill of Washington,
third. In the 220-yard hurdles Meany
of California won; Hume of California,
second, and Hill of Washington, third.
Time, :27 2-5. 'Washington's man, Res
Smith, did not get into the hurdles.
I Much to k the" surprise of the track
sharps Washington won the relay race.
The Washington men were Thompson,'
Tibballs and ,the two Pearsons, while
California had 'Adler, Howard, Thomas
and Brainard. California had a lead ol
forty , yards at the second lap, but
through a mistake Howard lost it all.
The' tlmcwaa 2:3(3. .. ¦
• Abadie achieved something, in- the
record-breaking line 'by taking, a fifths
second off the fifty-yard record in a
trial against- time. The little man
plunged toward the tape at a terrific
rate' and negotiated the distance in
5 2-5 seconds, the previous record hav
ing been 5 3-5 seconds. Measurement
of Abadle'8 last- stride showed, he had
skipped over a distance of 10 feet 1
inch.,
Sperry^ of California, who could' only
throw the hammer 133 feet at- Stanford,
showed his return to form by hurling
it 147 feet,6 inches and winning against
McDonald of Washington, whose best
was 130 feet 9 Inches. • Elliott of Califor
nia threw 117 feet 3^4 Inches, finishing
third.-;. /".- •/«* ¦; .¦¦._,. ¦_-.•¦:¦'... : < ;.; .
Cooley -of California and Grant - of
Washington tied at 6 1-100 feet in the
high.jump, Sperry taking- third.' Cooley
broke his own college record of 5 feet
li:7-10 ; inches/ ; f ; ' I -
' Grant of .'Washington fwon * the; pole
vaultV_by ' 10 feet 10 'Inches?
Symmes f of /. Calif orn la n^: being".. *' second
with -10. feet 7 Inches. ; Schultz aridSar
gerit i of ' California ¦ tied for third { place
at 10 feet 4 inches. , - : ; .
men did not qualify ; in
the broad/ jump, ; Grant, Smith" and Hill
all • falling at j something \ over twenty,
feet i Boyntbn : worWv Snedigar ; second,
Chaplin third. Distance, 21 feet 6 inches.
liSverryiot I California -won '% thef-shot-
caught the time at" 9,4-5 seconds, but
the timers " finally f compromised on
10 1-5 seconds. ; .
A v fifth of a second was dragged off,
the collegiate record by Pearson in the"
'220- yard ; dash, 1 when he did the dis-
taiioe in :22 1-5. Dunn of Stanford'
made, that distance on a straightaway
track in .: 22 2-5, and Cadogan, Abadie
and Barnes of California have all done
the same, fit; Is conceded that t Pear
son would have done much better had
he eot turned his head repeatedly to
watch Cadogan. He did not seem to
be crowded at all and finished five
yards in the lead, when he might have
trebled, it and accomplished :22.
Thompson of .Washington, the ¦ only
other entry, finished third.
In the 440-yard dash Pearson • had
Cadogan and Kern of California and
his* brother, Robert Pearson, for op
ponents. He put them air away easily
and won In :50 3-5, a fifth of a second
slower than Dunn's Stanford record.
If Pearson had been crowded and fresh
for the race he could have lowered the
record without any trouble.
Hackley of California won the mile
run in 4:43 3-5; Newhall. second; Mc-
Croy of Washington, third; Moody and
Lyon of California, fourth and fifth, re
spectively, and Twltchell of Washing
ton, sixth. The two Washington men
held the lead until the last lap, when
the others forged ahead and stayed to
the finish. ..
- The half-mile went to Edwards of
California; Robert Pearson, second,
and Mjshler, third. Time, 2:04, Twitch
ell, the other Washington entry, fin
ished fifth. . , >:,. "
BERKELEY. April 30.— It took the
California-Washington field day meet
on the Berkeley oval this morning to
develop the fact that there is numbered
among the visitors one of the most re
markable athletes of the West. This
hero of the cinder path is Joe Pearson,
crack sprinter in particular and enemy
of records in general. The 100-yard, the
2C0-yard and the 440-yard dashes all
look alike to Pearson, and the marvel
ous thing about it is that he negotiates
them all with consummate ease.
Pearson came heralded as the fast
est man of the Washington track team,
but with records that did not shade
those of such Calif ornlans as Cadogan,
Snedlgar and Abadie. It was taken for
granted he would give all these men a
rub, though not enough to beat them.
When Snedigar just nosed him out in
the 100-yard dash this morning and he
walked away from Cadogan in the 220
yard and 440-yard dashes, besides lop
ping off a fifth of a second in the one
and nearly equaling the other record,
there was a general Bcufrying: to find
words to' fit the case. Even all this
show of speed and skill did not ex-
D. D. L. McGrew, a famous Harvard
stroke, was an interested spectator at
the regatta. He was loud In his praise
of W. H. Dole, the number three of the
Stanford crew. Mr. McGrew has given
the Berkeley men the benefit of his
*,vlde ; knowledge of. watermanship and
they have profited by it.
When . the freshman crews rowed
their races early in the afternoon there
was a strong wind blowing and a chop
py sea on. This disconcerted the Stan
ford men, who , have been accustomed
to i smooth water. Berkeley rowed
completely, away from them, -finishing
a quarter of a mile ahead. The time
was .11:32 'for Berkeley and 13:50 for
Stanford., j
Despite the unfortunate delays the
regatta was a marked success and this
event, win undoubtedly be fostered by
the ¦ universities... ¦;.' Upon -\' President
Wheeler's first visit to Stanford, some
years '.since,, he took" for .his , subject
"Intercollegiate Rowing." He; was
prominently Identified with the sport
In r tha East and T-hls enthusiasm has
never:! waned. He has an able colleague
in Professor Smith ¦ of Stanford. ,_ ;
v There:; were ./many." gayly decorated
launches /on; the , course" while a large
crowd, gathered on - the shore near the
After a consultation it was decided
to send- the boat back ¦ to the boat
house, where repairs could be effected.
The officials and the spectators settled
down patiently to await the return of
the boat. At 5:45 o'clock President
Wheeler, the- referee, said the race
would be started '. at 6 o'clock with
Stanford and Berkeley as contenders
if Washington did not appear.
The northern crew sent back word
that they could not repair, their boat,
but that they would row the winner on
Monday. This was agreed to.
The two crews then went to the start
ing line. A second start was effected,
hut the race was again stopped, this
time by Stanford.- The stroke of the
cardinal crew broke his oar in the extra
effort required to get the barge in mo
tion. This necessitated a further delay
while a launch went to, the boathouse,
a mile and a half distant, to procure
another oar. v
In the meantime an oarlock on the
Berkeley barge went wrong and had
to be repaired.
A start was finally effected and the
race was on. Berkeley was first away,
as usual, and settled down to a steady
stroke of thirty to the minute, while
Stanford rowed about twenty-eight.
Berkeley had opened up a lead of about
two lengths at the drawbridge, fj The
Berkeley crew were rowing well within
themselves throughout. At, half the
distance Stanford increased its stroke
to thirty-two and gained half a length
on her rivals. As they neared the fin-;
lah the Berkeley men drew away again,
winning by three open lengths. The
mile and a halT, Btraightaway, was cov
ered in 9:58.
The Stanford crew rowed a plucky
race throughout, persevering in the
face . of sure. defeat. After the race
Berkeley was congratulated on her vic
tory, while Stanford was felicitated no
less heartily on her excellent showing.
The Stanford crew was organized only
ten days "ago, and the cardinal coach,
Professor A. W. Smith, formerly of
Cornell, was praised' for what he had
accomplished with the men 1 In that
short time. > . ;U '
Intercollegiate rowing was success
fully Inaugurated In California waters
yesterday under most trying conditions.
Through a series of unforeseen mishnps
on the Oakland estuary course the race
between the varsity crews was not
held until nearly 7 o'clock-last evening.
Stanford University and University
of California fought thelivfirst battles
on the water, and the sturdy young
men from 'Berkeley carried off the
laurels.
The crack crew of the University of
Washington did not start, owing to one
of the series of accidents which' de
layed the regatta until dusk. The three
varsity crews lined up early In the
afternoon * and were sent away to a
perfect' start. The crews had pulled
but eight strokes when the Washing
ton men stopped rowing and signaled
that an accident had happened. The
other crewn were called back and, upon
Investigation, it was found that the
sliding seat of the bow bar in the
Washington boat had broken. .
Pearson and Tlbballa of Washington
started against Cadogan, Abadie, Sned
igar and Jones of California in the 100
yard dash. Pearson and Cadogan shot
to the front and stayed, there the first
fifty yards. Then Cadogan began to
fall back and Snedlgar moved up.' Pear
son still had a lead of a foot or two
when Snedlgar 'came up like. a. quarter^
horse in the last ten" yards. and struck
the tape first, Pearson second, Cadogan
third. Tibballs fourth, Jones fifth. JVb'a
die was knocked out of his stride and
did not finish. One of the watches
haust the versatile youth from the
north,, for to top off the day he then
went into the relay and helped win
that event for his college. ,
The feats of the youth Pearson are
all the more remarkable because this
was the first time he had ever raced
on a good track. All his previous trials
were on tracks in his native State that
do not compare even with the rather
slow California track. He is a sturdily
built little fellow, much after the style
of Snedlgar and Abadie. While, in ac
tion he seems to move with ease, and
his spurt takes the heart out of his op
ponent. .
finish and braved the biting wind
which swept over the course.
The officials had their troubles as
their launch was disabled and they
were compelled to transfer to a tug.
Those who officiated were:
Regatta commitee: J. G. Audoff.
chairman, E. 'J. Grindley and S. S.
Hawley; referee.* Benjamin Ide Wheel
er; starter, F. Baker;. Judges at finish,
I. SL Beach, J. B. Lanfield and A. D.
Smith; judges at course, A. R. Word,
C. L. Cory and D. D. L. McGrew;
timer, Colonel George C. Edwards.
In the varsity race the winning crew
was made up of: Ed. J. Grindley, bow;
Gar field J. Anloff, forward wa!st; Ed.
A. Bannister, after waist; AT Sterling
Bunnell (captain), stroke and Joe P.
Loeb, coxswain.
The, Stanford crew was: H. G. But
terneld, bow; B. Bryan, forward waist;
W. H. Dole, after waist; A. B. Cheadle.
stroke, and Robert Galther, coxswain.
The freshman crews were: Califor
nia—T. V. Reeves, bow; T. Joy, forward
waist; G. C. Jones, after waist; H. C.
Schreiber (captain), stroke, and H.
Gray, coxswain.
Stanford— C. E. Bee, bow; F. Zim
merman, forward walat; N.. P. Bryan,
after waist; G. E. Dole (captain),
stroke, and A. Rosenfeld, coxswain.
CHICAGO, April j 30. — Entries al
ready received by the conference col
lege committee indicate"* that one re
sult of making the annual meet open
to .all Western Colleges will be the
presence of the best athletes of the
Pacific Slone at Marshall Field on
June 4. Stanford University officials
have sent word that they will send a
team which will include Dunn, who ran
a quarter mile in :50; Hyde, who has
put the shot 45 feet, and Dole, who
has a record of 12 fet 2 inches in the
pole vault. Plaw,_ the hammer throw
er from the University of California,
has also sent word he will enter the
contests.
In addition to applications from the
California universities the committee
has been Informed athletes will be sent
from the universities of. Nebraska.
Drake, .Mo., and South Dakota. Beloit
and Knox; colleges. Entries will close
on May, 15. :
Clever Performers From Both Uni
versities Will. Be Seen on Mar
shall Field in June
Sprinter Pearson Comes Out of the North to Create
a Profound Sensation on Berkeley Oval.
CAUFORNIAN ATHLETES
TO COMPETE AT CHICAGO
Crews From University of California Take Both
Races at First Intercollegiate Regatta.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA'' CREWS WHICH WOX CLEVERLY YESTERDAY IX THE FIRST INTERCOLLEGIATE REGATTA.
.-.¦.. ~. •
¦ iCeveV. before in ¦ the history of the
« Corinthian Yacht Club has so large a
. number pf amateur sailors and visitors
'been seen at -a reception on the open
•lhg'.'day of the season as visited Belve-:
.* dere yesterday,
• *The afternoon was given up to the
'adies. who yaid visits on board the
yachts lying at anchor in the cove off
• the clubhouse or danced in the main
Kkil. Refreshments were served on the
piazza, v.hich was canvased over for
the. occasion. After a pleasant but ail
tod short afternoon the ladles left
•Tiburon by the 5:30 p. m. boat for the
cil'y. being accompanied to the wharf
¦ .by- many of the yachtsmen.
Oh the arrival of the 6:30 p. m. ferry
boaY from this city a regular Corin
thJan dinner of chowder, beans, coffee
au'd hardtack was served on the piazza.
"The yachtsmen, whose appetites had
been Quickened by the somewhat eager,
nipping air, fell to with hearty good
• wiH. After the repast the tars, having
.shed ... the resplendent garments and
TSora-laced caps that had adorned them
. during the afternoon, adjourned to the
.main hall for the Jinxs.
The, evening entertainment consisted
of. an original concoction entitled "R.
' y. Jfex't; or, the Barber's Dream," the
3»rin*ipal parts in which were sustained
. .by Darve McLaughlln, Pete Sloan, Lar
ry Harris, Frank \v*. Thompson. George
ftyan. Bob Mitchell, Fellows and TValk
ff, .Eddie Angel o, Jimmy Miller, Stan
¦•]ey Fay, Kid Nelson, Ossie Franks, Ben
• Tari>ox; Billie Hogg. R. C. Ayers.
Krarik Kpdolph, Vail Bakewell, Billy
lii-nefe, Charley Hay. Clarence Wendell
and. Andrew Bogart. The 6cene In the
.first act was laid in "Tiburon's leading ',
\onsbrial parlor," and in the second act
in the "barber ehop, Tiburon."
• - The interval between the acts was
taken un by. quartets from the yachts
Speed\vefl, Genesta and Edna. At mid
night supper was served, and this was
followed by a low jinks. An extra fer
. ry-boat brought back such of the
yachtsmen and their sruests as desired i
. to* return to the city.
¦ The entertainment was under the
general direction of Port Captain John
M.'Keefe, ably seconded by' Assistant
Port Captain Stanley Fay.
*.. This morning colors will be made at
S • a'clock on signal from the flagship
Speedwell. At 10 o'clock captains of
yachts trill gather on the flagship for
instructions, verbal and liquid. At 11 or
thereabouts the opening cruise of the
season will begin.
The whole fleet with the exception of
tw»o or three -boats is in commission
and. wilt take part in to-day's sail.
• -.. . •• - •—
;Y«dltiii'g Season of 1904 Is
':i {fi'iiyTy Opened by Reception
. ' antf a Jinks in Clubhouse
MIRTH REIGNS
ON CORINTHIA
BLUE AND GOLD IS VICTORIOUS BOTH ON LAND AND WATER
FLORHAM QUEEN
GALLOPS HOME
Takes Kings County Handi
cap, the Feature Event at
Jamaica Track, Handily
NEW YORK. April .30.—^lorham
Queen galloped home an easy winner
of the Kings County handicap, the fea-.
ture of the card at the Jamaica trac*
to-day. Uildebrand grot her off In front
when the barrier went up. and she
threw mud in the faces of her pur
suers all the way to the wire. At no
time was she In trouble. Quite a lot
of money was taken from the booK
makers on her victory, as she opened
at 3 tp 1 and was backed down to 1
to 5. ¦ , ,
The Rosedale stakes for two-year-old
fillies w»s won In handy fashion by
the favorite. Suzanne Rocamore. at 4
to 5 in the betting. "ClV
During the afternoon two red hot
favorites and four second choices won.
takirg a big wad from the pencilers.
Despite the inclement weather, and
bad track, fully 15.000 enthusiasts wit
nessed the racing, which was above
the ordinary. Summary:
First race, six furlongs, selllnx—
Loricate won. Gay Lothario second,
Monadnock third. Time, 1:15 1-5.
Second race, one mile and seventy
yards— Honolulu won. Widow's Mite
second. Nevermore third. Time* 1:50.
Third race, the Rosedale stakes, four
and a half furlongs— Suzanne Roca
more won, Peggy second, Nevada third.
Time, :56 2-5.
Fourth race, Kings County handicap,
one and a sixteenth miles— Florham
Queen won. Ostrich second. Sweet Alice
third. Tim*, 1:52.
Fifth race, selling, four and a half
furlongs— Handy -Andy won. Royal Le
gend second, Autohood third. Time.
:56 4-5. -M : -¦ -¦.
Sixth race, handicap, one mile ana
seventy yards— Lord Badge won, Him
self second, Mackey' Dwyer third.
Time. 1:49.
Seventh race, seven furlongs—Bark
elmore won. Thane second. Censor
third. Time. 1:23 3-5.
Olympics In Lacrosse Game.
The San Francisco and the Olympic
lacrosse teams will play to-day at the
Presidio Athletic Grounds. The ball
will be faced at 2:30 p. m. Ladies will
be admitted free, but there will be a
small fee for men. The Olympic Club
players practiced yesterday afternoon
on the recreation grounds in Golden
Gate Park. Both teams are in good
condition and a lively contest 13 ex
pected.
There Is not much satisfaction in the
possession of a few millions when nag
ged by a peevish digestion.
THE SAN • FRANCISCO v CALL; SUNDAY, MAY 1, 1904.
40
[MEN'S
I DISEASES
| AND THEIR
[j Scientific Treatment
fj O. C. JOSI-EN. M. t>. .
S The JLeadinsr Specialist. .
II All my method* of treating mea's «!».- I]
y eases are bassd upon absolutely eel en- ¦
m tlfic principles. They are methods f!
B original with myself. Uke methods 1 1
i'J are employed by no other physician. Ml
I] nor does any other physician or sp«- 1 1
j clallst duplicate the results X obtain El
H by their use. Perfect results ars con- I
M elusive proof of scientific accuracy. I [I
f] have treated men only for fifteen years. Kl
y and my ability to effect thorough and
M absolutely permanent cures ha* won
H ir.e the largest practice of Its kind In
li the entire West.
[I a WcaKncss w |
u That condition, commonly known a*
£j ••weakness" U In reality one of. the
B most simple of men's ailments, and
H one that yields promptly and completa-
tj ly to correct treatment. For genera-
tl Uona past physicians han been hand-
N in» down a moes-grown theory to tho
B effect that prematureness. loss of
IJ power, etc.. ar* doe to nervous "de-
B rangement brought on through excess.
El es. and to this day the treatment eonv
H monly employed by most physicians and
m apecMHsta is a nerve stbaulatthg 6ne '
Sj that excites the owrans to •.emaorarv
Q activity, but which In the end cannot
I -{Si 1 . *? *« r » v a»« the real disorder
IM "Weakness" is nothing more- than »
¦ symptom resultlne from a tender swol-
len and Inflamed condition of the dtos •
tate -land. ThU prostatlo disorder ij
most frequently due to early dlssiDa.
tlon^or to Injury caused by some con-
tracted dlseaa*. My treatment |, »
• local om entirely, no stimulants or "
tonics being employed, and ts In everv
Instance promptly. effectl ve i n r,Vtor
a ing the prostate gland to Its no?ml]
m state. An this I. .eeompiShJS ™n f
¦ and complete strength and vigor •!»"
¦ _ turn. Such a. cure Is absolute and I per-
II manent. and by no other method can
y like cure be effected. ™"noa can,
| My Cures are Permanent. |
|| : My Fees Are Fair, U
1 an! You Can Pay When Cured |
I V'liie All Year Years a Man" I
I
f Plalo cover to all who write n^?.! • I
1 DR. O.G. JOSLEIV ¦¦¦¦¦
II Corner Market and Kearny at. H
y Private entrance ,. T« &?&' £ 'S
¦ Hours:. Week days. 0 a. . m to't-sa^H
¦ o. m. Sundays, 10 to' 1/ l\
•Riches take wings and fly away — are squandered and lost ©L^m^^Jl^^^^^
in -extravagance and speculation, and more often prove a fiSisliifillS
"enrse ih an .& blessing. A foolish desire to accumulate wealth V yo?
fo-rthe benefit of posterity, has led to the physical undoing \ ~^ G^^^vJ^^^^^
of ¦ thousands. • Health is lost in the mad pursuit of riches, \ %-^^Sii >^^^^S? '
-diseases -are. contracted, the vitalizing, nutritious properties A i^r'^7i?r
"of the:.blood are almost exhausted by demands of the nerv- :j|| )S^]0J
ons system," and it is little wonder that children born of such -x-jptfr — "S^^^SeflE "
"paren'ts are- sickly, weak, anaemic and illy developed. Bet-
•'•ta: fcj.be Born poor and healthy than rich and sickly.
-blooa is the best legacy, for that means strong," vigorous bodies, well nourished.
¦systems aird nerves, muscles and all the machinery of the body in perfect condition. When
liaadicap^od by some inherited disease, not only is life's struggle made harder, but existence
' becomes a lingering misery, and even if blessed with riches, sickness is a hindrance to their
"eAjpymenf.. Through the blood, diseases are carried from one generation to another. Pa-
rents • transmit them to their children, and so it goes on for 'years unless the taint is re^
mpved frbnr.the blood. Cancerous Ulcers, .V .
RHeumatism, Blood Poison, Scrofulous n ei 'J?^ 1 ™? s ?f °™ L t'-
— . •- .— * ... ot _. V* .. t Dear Sire:— I inherited Borofula, and about seven year3
Sores and- OWellingS, OKin irruptions Ot ago suffered intensely from it. Tried every doctor availa-
VariotlS -kinds are all evidences of a de- . blfl at great expense.'but grew rapidly worse ; in fact, had
• V7. -, • , . i j * 1 - u T -I * * . given up all hope of being cared, and as a dying man will
praved and poisoned DlOOa. L/lke begets grasp at a str^w, I was persuaded by my brother, muoh
like" is tme 'Of the vegetable world and against my wiU; to try 8. S. 8. After taking six bottles,
. • • .* , . - -, .**--. , , ir I felt a wonderful change for the better. I continued to
IS trt^C aiSO OI the animal kingdem. VVe take it for about six months, taking in all about fifteen bot-
know that certain seeds produce certain i ties, whtoh entirely cured me. •
• , - A 1.1. • i. :\ It is with, pleasure that I recommend your medicine,
plants, and SlCKly parents Or tnOSC in wnose and I oanaot say too muoh in its praise. It is certainly
' blood is a taint of Some old family ailment J> ette / than aU doctors for diseases oaused by impure
-- - .. j« . : i 1 blood, whether inherited or otherwise, In addition to be-
tU* DlQOd poison J diseases are apt tO develop ing muoh less expensive, it does its work thoroughly and
•in their children, either in infancy or later 1 , 0 ? 1 faU \ wishing you unlimited success, which your
"'«•¦••«•* re i.l 1 i r medicine so Justly deserves, I reman,
on .mine. If you can't leave a legacy of w. h. Stockton, Montgomery, va.
riches, at least start them out in life with
pu're and unpolluted blood ; this they can with reason expect, for it is their rightful inherit-
ance.- • Often some old chronic illness that might have been uprooted and driven; out of 'the
blood is neglected, and posterity is made to suffer the consequences of this neglect. If y6u
• have, any disease for which bad blood is responsible, to neglect it is almost a crime'— you
are unjust to yourself and false to your offspring to do so. Purify your blood ; get rid of
the ".taint and leave to others good blood which, after all, is the best legacy. No remedy
ever discovered is so reliable in diseases of the blood as S. S. S. Experience; and a thor-
ough test . have proven its efficacy. It has been in use for nearly fifty years and has been'
growing in- popularity all the time, and g 'S*SiSm for the Blood" is; known throughout
'' e country as the standard remedy in aU'^ronic, deep-seated
/^^J fj-jt ff*& blood troubles. S. -S."S. is the only blood: medicine guaranteed
\5^y \^^^ entirely vegetable and which does riot contain a single mineral
l^^ll |^^kV|^^k| ¦ ingredient. Because your disease may be inherited from a -long
j^^*y line of ancestors is no reason it cannot be cured.- Get your -blood
.. .';-• • in good condition, and through it new energy and strength are im-
parted to all parts of the system, the circulation is quickened, and the fold taint, humor; bf a
pQison causing the disease is driven out through the natural channels. Keep your own
blood uncontamiuated if you hope to leave a welcome legacy to those who come* af ten : If;
you have any chronic trouble or stubborn skin disease due to bad condition of the blood, write
us«about it and our physicians will cheerfully adviselyou^ without charge. v ' > lilv;
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA. GA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Italian \ Sovereign j Pays a : Visit ; to ; the
— •i .Battleship Kentucky at v
'/•¦*-¦ i~ ." - Naples. X -£< ¦',,
¦.^NAPLES, "¦""April-: SO.^King VictoV
Emmanuel visi ted ' Rear ~\ Admiral". Ev
aris -f oh \ the ..United % States ¦? battleship
Kentucky^ tot day,*, remaining on" board
a ' half hour,* expressing"' histpleasufe
at', having 'an^Amer'lcah' 1 warshi p - at the*
naval '< review . yesterday and , , saying
many 'gracious things ' of . his American
fjrieridarv "
KING .^.VICTOR' E3I3IANUEL
:_ . ADMIRAL ; EVANS' GUEST
• Second -race, four furlongs—Phil
anthropist won, . Gold J Enamel! second,
Stella Allen third. Time,- :49 2-5: *
-Third race, six furlongs— Don Domo
won, 'Monastic second, ¦ Jerry Lynch
third. Time, 1:14 3-5:
'. -Fourth; race, one mile, handicap,
purse , $1500—Witf ul won, -By^ Ways
secSnd, ' Gregor . K third." Time,' 1:41.
Fifth .race,' one '.- and' a sixteenth
miles— Spenceriah : - : won, Niaxus ; sec
ond, Falkland ; third. Time,; 1:49 4-5.
• First race, five and a half furlongs-
Irene Lindsay won, .Never Fret sec
ond, Beau Ormonde ' r third. . Time,
1:08. . ; :-" ' ~
CHICAGO, April 30.— The racing
season opened here -to-day with an
eight days' meeting. at Worth. Re
sults: \ •
Don Domo First at Chicago.
: ,' OAKLAND, April, 30.— rThe baseball
season .of '¦ \ the Academic ' 'Athletic
League. ihas^ practically, come to 1 an
end. '.; The' Oakland 'High School -team
niet : the "Berkeley High School nine
to-day. 'and', lost ' to the Berkeleyltes by
a fscofe ; of ' 9 > to '] 2. Boone's 'Academy
met .the; Alameda/, High School : team
and won by a score' of 9 to , 1. There
remains , but forie "; game- to ; " be played,
that .".'¦'; between ;:the Berkeley High
SchooFarid i -Boone's -Academy, which
will '.decide -[the : ; '.championship!.* This,
game ', will > take ":¦¦ place on, Wednesday
next • at Idora : Park. "¦ ¦:'
Academic League ' Baseball.
. Whether . Wilson Sigourney- and
"Chick" .Wright are twice as good as
the best of the class B amateurs of
San-Francisco will be determined In a
fourteeen-irich \ balk line tournament
to be' played at Morley's, beginning to
morrow night. • Sigourney proved his
worth . a* year ago ' at the ' national
championship 8 matches ' and , Wright
has been ' improving at a remarkable
clip, but they must . show their best
form ' to' defeat the other entries at
the handicap decided upon In the com
ing tourney. It has been decided that
Frank ¦ du Bois, Frank Coffin, James
Morley and Dr. O. B. Burns, are to
make 150 points against 300 for
Wright ' and - Sigourney. As the four
class : 'B men named are liable to aver
age in the neighborhood of five
points or more in any game, it brings
a'. heavy task on the shoulders of the
scratch men and the Interest in the
outcome is all the more, keen.
, Morley , haa donated prizes to the
value of j $ 7 5, $ 50 and $ 2 5 to flrst, sec
ohd/arid ', third '"• place and the tourney
will \ be : on the basis of per
centage, of games won and lost, every
contestant, meeting every pother player
before I'. the '3 affair Is completed. Du
Bols "i plays Morley on •. Monday night,
Coffin-, and meet " Tuesday and
Sigourney/; tries his ; liick . with':- Burns
on xWeelnesday evening. : " : : Play will bV
continued every night,' with the excep
tion of Saturday and Sunday, until t the
entire 'fifteen games have been played.
SJgourney and Wright Are to Try
; Conclusions With Four Wfjl
. Known Amateur, Playeirsi ' >¦
, Sixth race, one mlle^-Sweet Tone
won, Rough and Tumble second, Gold
en Mineral third.- Time, 1:42%.
Fourth race, one. and a quarter miles,
the" Kansas City Derby, three-year-olds,
$5000 added— Moharib, 114 pounds
(Lyne), 6 to 5, won; Military Man. 114
(McConnell), 12 to 1, second: BUI.Cur
tis.' Ill (Wondorly), 6 to 5, third. Time,
2: 10. . Judge and -Bombardier also ran.
. Fifth race, four and a : half furlongs,
selling— Miss ; Duce won, Huxie second.
Brown Study third. Time, :50U.
Second race, four furlongs, purse—
Keno won, La Lohda second, Gleeman
third. Time, : 51%/
Third race, six furlongs— Farmer Jim
won, Alma Dufour second, Tryon third.
Time, 1:15%. . '
The track officers are: Francis
Trevelyn, presiding Judge; M.N. Mc-
Farland and Alex Frazler, associate
judges; Richard Dwyer, starter; M.N.
McFarland* handlcapper; E. D. Law
rence, clerk of scales; W. R. Norvell,
entry clerk, and E. G. .B. .Haymon.
patrol and paddock judge. Summary:
First race, five furlongs— Skillful won,
McGee second, Croix d'Or" third. Time,
1-.01&.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April SO.—
Ideal weather, close and exciting fin
ishes and 2000 spectators marked the
beginning of the racing season to-day
by the Kansas City Jockey Club at
Elm rRldge. The feature was the
Kansas etty, Derby, 55000 added, at
one and a quarter miles. J. ,W.
Schorr's Moharib and H. T. Griffin's
Bill Curtis were equal favorites In the
betting at 6 to 5. Moharib won, with
Military Man second. In the last race
DIgby Bell fell at the start. " Yost,
his Jockey, escaped Injury.
City on Opening Day.
Takes the Feature Event at Kansas
MOHARIB FIRST IX DERBY.
CRACK BILLIARDISTS
' \VILL MEET IN MATCH
New York city- haa-120,000 telephoned
Second race, one ;mlle, selllng-r-Lynch
won, Ingolthriftr second, The ). Bobby
third. Time, 1:46%^ : • ; f ¦¦¦"¦ :'¦..:
Third race, four and a half f urlo'nga~
Broomhandle ; won, 1 Platoon second, Un
cle Charley third: .; Time; :56%:: V > ;
,-' Fourth race,'- six ; furlongs,- the .Tran
quilla stakes,^ $1000 added— Deutschland
won, Operator second," Van Ness third. 1
TIrae,'l:llU- WA ¦ V—. -f^:-:-. r^
Fifth race, •. one mile, : purseT-Charlle
Thompson won,\Flylng ; Torpedo second,''
Jack Young" tliirdr TlraeV i:45^'. : T^
< Sixth: race',;. one; andt threersixteenths
miles, \ selling— Velos .won, ; Straderi sec
ond, Larry^Wllt-third; ,Time,':2:08.V ; :; f
. * Seventh < race, i six •' furlongs, . • selling-^-.
Toni i Crabb i won, Jake IWeber ', second?
Sharp Bird, third. r.TIme;.l:16%i : .V .- '•; "¦;,¦
ST. LOUIS, April SO.— Beginning Mon
day the Klnloch races will be run over
the 'Delmar track. Summary:. ;'. ' ¦
First \ race, six • furlongs— One; More
won,' Satchel second, \ Maid third. ' Time,
i:i7.v- .;^v- •: '-•"- : -- . :.-¦-: < '¦.; .¦.-••¦.•*
Dcutschland a Winner.
"Sixth race, five furlongs— Frank Ken
ny won, Dolly Gray second, Triumvare
third. Time, 1:03'. '
Fifth race, four and a half' furlongs—
Violin- won, Gasconne second, Florlaca
third. Time, .: 57.
third. Time, 1:15%.
Second race, four and a half furlongs
— Dameron won, Besterling second. Eu
calyptus third. Time, : 58.
Third race, one "and a sixteenth miles,
selling— Missile won, Sarllla' second,
Discus third. Time, 1:53. - t .
Fourth race, CItzens' Handicap, one
and a sixteenth miles— Monsieur Beau
caire won. Reservation second, '. The
Regent third. Time, 1:49.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., April 30.—Cum
berland Park summary:
First . race, six furlongs — Miss Craw
ford won. Lex Dorsey second, Harding
Racing at Nashville.
Batteries — Jacobs and Kittredge;
Winters, Young and Farrell.
CLEVELAND, April 30.— Cleveland
was outplayed at all points to-day, St."
Louis batting Bernard hard in the third
inning, when they secured five runs o'n
four singles, Bernard's error and Jones'
triple. Howell pitched a strong game.
Attendance, 2500. Score: .
-. 1 **• H - E -
Cleveland 1 6 2
St-Louls .../..'. .............. 7 12 ' 1
Batteries— Bernard and Bemls;'How
ell'apd'Sugden. \ "• .
PHILADELPHIA, April 30.— The
home" team defeated New York to-day
by superior work , at the bat; While
the visitors made nine ; safe hits they
were -scattered. The locals made five
of their ten "in the fifth inning." At
tendance 7500. Score:
R. II. • E.
Philadelphia 6 10 0
New York 2 9:1
Batteries— Plank and Powers; Ches
bro and McGower, ; . : '-: V •
DETROIT,. April SO.— Rain; began
falling In \ the ninth' inning of to-day's
game- and It * had to be with the
score : tied. Remarkable foul catches
WASHINGTON, April 30.—Washing
ton started as a winner to-day against
Boston, but fell down 'and did nothing
In the last half. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 1 6 1
Boston 4 11 1
Winners Land on Bernard .In the
Third Inning and Bat Out a
. Victory.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND NINE OUTPLAYED
BY THE ST. LOUIS TEAM
SEATTLE, April 30. — In the fast
est, most scientific and hardest fought
game of the season Portland ,won from
Seattle this afternoon by a score of
2 to 1. Every one of the three runs
was earned. None of the errors made
was a factor in the result. Butler
pitched 'perfect ball. Not a Seattleito
succeeded in walking to first on called
balls and not a wild pitch crept into
the game. Score: R. H. E.
Seattle .... 10000000 0 — 1 6 2
Portland ... 01000 100 0 — 2 5 1
• Batteries— Barber and Wilson; But
ler and Steelman.
Portland Defeats Seattle.
JoV Jones had his* only winning
mount "of the day on- Billy Magrane's
Re^dwgild, .backed down to 1 to 10 fa
vorttisip tti 'Win the mile and a""slx
tce^th Belling -a/fair. Kitty Kelly made
a bold»bfd for it, and, after cutting out
all the paw, only lost the verdict by a
neclu* Gold' Joinder finished a close
third. Lady.. Kent, exhibited a well-
.1O.VES* WINS AV1TH KEDWALD.
• Although Sea Air was extended to
the* last ounce to beat Salable at four
furlongs on Wednesday, the filly was
ins.ta.Iled a pronounced favorite* for the
f sijr and a. half furlong scramble. Be
sides," her "ankles have been giving her
troubje, and t possibly not handled to
the" * best, advantage, she ran third.
Salable led. to the paddock, where he
v.ss collared and downed a neck by
Hdiyirdo, extremely well handled by
ViCUery. .Tbo winner was 7 to 1 in
Hi© bfctting;
JOandie Belle, a SO to 1 shot, captured
the Vape^lng; six and a half fur
long ? run. " .The mare finished a
eo«d . tnird to Bell Reed and
Maud IHulicr on • Thursday, but Mc-
X&lnnpn. .who rode her, was a com
paratively" unknown quantity, so the
price went from 10 to SO. She enjoyed
excellent* racing luck, and, taking the
lf.ad- «oon' after the start, was not
heeded. Flyer came from far back,
beating Judge Voorhies out for place
honors. Flaneur, the 9 to 5 favorite,
was Cut off near the far turn, and See
reported that his mount refused to run
afteri the- occurrence. •
'• Th^ weather was raw and windy and
tji"e track .was -not at its best. Three
¦puTses'went .to favorites. Dandle Belle
.lic-aojed- th« column by scoring
jaX Jong odds. •
DAN'DIE iBELLE A SURPRISE,
! By failing, to repeat his victory of
list Wednesday in the mile and a fur-
Long handicap, run at Oakland yester
day, Walt ViveH's horse Veterano cost
j he .big Saturday gathering a lump of
monej:. The handicapper tacked on an
additional five pounds to the previous
cargo ,carritd by Veterano, but as Joe
Jones-. was carded to do the piloting
th;s.apparently cut no figure with spec
u!ators;'\\ho eagerly accepted 2 to L ¦
t-nftuestionably, though, the best
backed horse in the race was Caronal,
the moant of Eheehan, whose price was
forced down from 5 to 2'zi. The flrst
Gboic£ appeared woefully shy of early
speed, and while closing considerable
grpuhd the last three furlongs he failed
tcrgtt a call.. . Z- '•'"¦,
Cafonal early took the lead from
Modisum. and In a mild sort of a drive
the-ilnaL sixteenth led the 30 to 1 shot
IlHlouoir.out. more than a length. Tom
rny BuC16r rfc.de an excellent race on the
latter hort-pi Grafter finished third, two
lengjhs ahead of Veterano.
Flyer was interfered with by Conger
soon after the barrier was released, or
Tom Ryan's entry would probably have
won.
There will be no racing at Oakland
to-morrow. The season will close on
Saturday next, which will make the
even 150 days originally set by the Cal
ifornia Jockey Club.
See was queried by the Judges for his
handling of Flaneur. The Jockey said
that after being bumped down near
the far turn his mount sulked.
developed package of speed, falling,
however, to stay the route.
Ed Gaylord, the' Denver turfman,
gathered In another purse with Money
Muss in the fifth, a six-furlong spin.
There was such a strong play on Matt
Hogan. the mount of Jones, that the
odds about the "yaJler" horse receded
to 7 to 5. See rode the latter, and
through a powerful. finish kept him go- i
ing long enough to land first In a des- ¦
parate three-head finish with Matt Ho- ¦
gan and Louis Wagner.
Johnny Schorr's colt Ananias was re-,
turned winner of the closing seven-fur
long purse run for three-year-olds. '<
Gateway at flrst had the call, but the
Schorr entry later on closed favorite.
The Schorr entry worked his way along
from fifth position, and catching Gate- j
way about all In won cleverly at the
Judges' stand. Jack Little, a 50 to 1 j
shot, ran a close third. j
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Chicago .....*;.;..i. ............ 3: 6\ 0
. , Batteries— Phllippl', and. PheIps;>Cor-.
rigan and Kling. ; Umplr6 Johhstone. . .
R. H. E.
Pittsburg i........ 2 8 ; 2
xi. XX. ¦ £i«
St. Louis >•••>'• ! 9 6
Cincinnati ....................7 9 1
Batteries— O'Neill and Searfert; Kel
lum and Schlei. Umpire— O'Day.
' NEW YORK, April 30.— The ball game
for to-day In Brooklyn between Brook
lyn and Philadelphia of the. National
League was postponed because of rain.
NEW YORK, April . 30.— New York
hit Carney at will to-day and' Boston
lost their second ' game of the present
series. The visiting pitcher, was .re
lieved^by in the • seventh. -Me-;
Gann and Warner. divided hitting hon
ors for New,. York. Attendance, B000. :
Score: . ¦ ¦',' '¦¦ '¦'¦]
R. H. E.
New York ....... .".. ........ ...10 12 ,1
Boston ..:>....>..;....... 1 4; 1
Batteries — Mathewson, Wiltse/ and
Warner;' Carney, Fishery and Moran.
Umpires-^Moran and-ZImmer. ".
PITTSBURG, j . April SO.-r-Corrlgan
pitched a good game and won ' : . for his
team bx,.battlng In '. the necessary, runs
in the tenth inning, i Phllippl gave hits
in only three v innings, ; Just enough f to
lose the game: Attendance,"4500." Score:
ST. LOUIS, . April 30.^-Clncinnati won
the third game. of the series : from St.
Louis this afternoon In easy - fashion.
O'Neill was In poor form and his sup
port in the field was ' very ordinary."
Kellum pitched a good game. Attend
ance, 10,200. Score: ¦ ; . .
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
by Mclntyre, Gremlnger and Carr were
features. Attendance 2550. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit 3 . 7 1
Chicago ...................... 3. 9 4
Batteries— Stovall and Woods ; Fla
herty and Sullivan. ] '¦
TACOMA, April 30.— The Tigers ad
ministered a severe coat of whitewash
to Oakland to-day In a brilliant game,
which was a pitchers' battle, with the
odds In St. Vraln's favor. The flrst two
balls St. Vraln pitched were manipu
lated into chance hits, and after that
Oakland could do nothing with him.
Kagan's two home runs and Graham's
single, followed by clever hit and run
work, gave Tacoma its three runs. The
fielding of Nordyke on first base was
the feature. Attendance 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Oakland 0 0000000 0—0 6 1
Tacoma 0 10 0 10 0 lx— 3 7 1
Batteries — Buchanan and Lohman;
St. -Vraln and Graham. Umpire — Hus
ton. ;
Two Home Runs for Eagan.
WALCOTT TAKES HIS DEFEAT
IX PHILOSOPHICAL MANNER
Club Officials Keep Their Word "With
the Great Colored Fighter and
' He Seems Happy.
Joe Walcott was about town yester
day adorned with his usual smile and
seemingly none the worse for his exer
tions of the night before at Colma with
Dixie Kid. He leaves this morning
for Boston, but expresses the hopes of
returning soon to again box the Dixie
Kid. V*.
In speaking of the decision Walcott
said: "Well. I ain't like a lot of fel
lows that come out here and go back
home with a cry of having been rob
bed by a California referee. I must
say the. decision was Just a trifle raw.
but as the papers have all explained
the case. I- think I have lost nothing.
I have received the winner's share of
the purse and so has Dixie. Mr. Coff
roth has kept his word by me and so
everything is all right.
- "The Dixie Kid is all righ.t and he'9
game. He's quick and strong, but Tm
better than he is. He's better than
Woods, but "Woods is harder to hit on
account of his crouch. I want to coma
back again to meet the Dixie Kid. I'd
like to meet Marvin Hart."
WAGER ON A RACEHORSE
IS DECLARED ELXiEGATj
Judge Dunn Decides That Gambling
Case Has No Standing in Court
of Justice.
Justice of the Peace Dunn rendered
a decision yesterday that Is of Interest
to horsemen and bettors generally.
The case was entitled M. Tlemann vs.
D. H..OUO. On last Thanksgiving day
at the Ingleslde racetrack Tlemann bet
$250 with Henry Dana. Tiemann did
not like the outcome of the race and
notified Otto, who is the stakeholder,
that he wished to- declare all bets off.
Otto heeded not the warning and de
cided with Danz. There was no chancs
of a settlement on- the track and In
order to bring. the matter to an issua
Tiemann sued Otto for the return of
his money. . . '.- :
Judge Dunn in rendering his - de
cision gave Judgment for the
anV and stated the law waa that the
wager being upon a racehorse was an
Illegal transaction. and that flu money
having been won and lost. and tha re
sult having been' generally known
neither party could be heard la .tha
court of Justice. ¦ :
The South African Medical Congress
at' Cape Town has initiated a move
ment for "the formation' of an associa
tion for the prevention of consumption
and other forms of tuberculosis.' .
The cow tree of Venezuela gives off
an excellent sap very cloaely resem
bling animal . milk in its chemloal . a*.
turt. " f
OAXLiTB EACITiUCX, Saturday. April 30. — Weather fiae. , Track good. . . .
<JTI*1. ri*».ST- RACE — Six «r.d a hair furlcr.es; M'.Urg: 4-je»r-olds and up;; to first. *325.
•Inocx"; ""Horse end Owner. IWtjSt. U- W- ?».. Str. Fin. \ Jockey. OP- _ Cl ;_
.««3» jthuviie Bel>, 6 (Winter & J.)!lCwl S ... IS 1312 13 McKlnnon . 10 30
«tiS3. [Klycf, 4 (T II. Ryan) 1103 11 ... 0 1 4 12321 J. T. fihehn , 6 10
t *W>(5? J^ Voorhi«» 4 (Murray Co.) j 106 1 ... 2h 3 V 4 3 2 3h Haack 1<> «
CTtt* jF"iarreur C «B!aaeh1 & McU.).|HI 6 ... « t^ 8 2 4 1 4 3 See . ¦« 8 ; < _ 1
' ««W -mountebank, a (Keatlne) 1101 10 ... 10 1 10 62 8 2 Gruwell ... £ ¦ lj»
.CCW. jLlolIiek. e <M. Jon^s) till 2 ... 7 1 7 h 7 2 6 '/£ J. Jones.... , •> t>
' $C53 iPal MorrJtser * (J- Ryan). Jill 9 ... S *$[$ '4 8 2- 7 I'ilHo'.brook .. "15
•.C610 rherrteS. a <Soulc & Fuller). 104 7 ... 4 h '6 1 5 1'jS 5 (Fltzpatrick i5 »0
'Corner 4 (Kir* & Co.) | OS 8 ... 5 U 2 V- 0 4 0 5 iHerbcrt- ... 20 10O
. aej iGrand S*ch«m. a «J.J.Moran)'10ij C ... 11 9 3 10 10 JCrosswatte 20 60
*«fSl iVlgoJ-oso, 4 (Appleby & Co.).. 103 4 ... 3 h 11 Pulled «p T. Butler... 10 60
?6S1 Kubelik. 4 (Santa Fe Stable) »8| • jRoach 10 20
.'. 'nrn*— :24^,- :i9^, 1:15 1:22. At post 10 minutes Off at 2:22. Bella, place, 10; show.
.-. &.- Kli-er. place. 4; ahow. 2. Voorhle«. enow. 1. Winner, br. m. by Dandle Dinmont
.. • -BeUe* YysXfT. Trained by C. A. Johnson. Start gooi. Won easily. Second and third
• v tfrivisg,' .Winner flsured a jood chance but new rider made the price.- Flyer Interfered
' -virh »oon after start by Conger; ran a smashing race. FUnaur bumped • near the lar
.... tufn; enowed to no advanuge thereafter. Rollick cut off at same time. \Vith armors
• ; • coirtpctent rider tp Mountebank might hav« won. *On way to post Kubelik started on,
• _ r yr-^'-^* '5 w * y . nre * mile*, and pulled up bleeding. _ T*! 1 " r 5 a ;H*l3-^5l??L--~-.^.^u---.r»^.,---^vr
C7X2. -SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs: purse! 2-year-olds; value to flrst. $SZi.
.aparx^ : : Eotu and Owner" (WtlSt; %" T£. »;. Str. Fin, i Jockey. Op- C
• <e»4 j&Suardo (D. F. Bl&kemaa) . . HI 3 3 »4 4 1^1 n }Qckery ... 6 7
<;ey4 Stable (BlaslnRame Droe.).. 107 1 11 1 1M-2 Crosswalt© 8-5 13-5
. <GC34)iS«a. Atr (T McLaughMn) 109 5 4 1 3 lVi3 Vt Llnton 6-2 7-5
--,.-.. iL*qcrec« (Macdonougrh) 101 6 2.*,i 2 H 4 % Holbrook .. 80 40
• :CCS2 iGeorte P.- McNear (H. Stover^ll4 8 B 1H5 2 S».Se» 3 4
•....• Fleet w&od (Antrim Stable)... . n 101 4 73 63 64 McBride... 20 100
.««S2" iGa-Jiatt C*»sle .(Mrs. Miller).. OS 8 61 7 4 7 3 J.Jones 20 15
;"...... ilnaica.te (Summers & Co.) 101j 7 .. . ... 8 8 8 McGulre ... 80 100
iTtme — -24. :O :56. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:41. Eduardo. place. 5-2; show. 4-5.
•• --Salable pla*? 4-5; show, 2-5. Air. thow. 1-3. Winner, b. g. by Eddie Jones-Duck
• : , \\ng *Pralned"by H.' Rcbir.f on. Start fair. Won In a hard drive of four. Vlckery
" ch winter rode the ehortest race. Salable ran his race. Sea Atr hai been troubled
' -.. ' Trith •!»¦> ankles. Lucrece ran well for a. preen one. McNear has • gone back. Others
o'utcfaseed. . _ _ "_ _ _
¦'CtlSl TIIIRb.RACE — One and a sixteenth miles; selllcs; 4-year : olds and up; flrst. «325.
itin {¦¦ ' ¦ . . . K or*e and Owner. JWt'St. . V2. %. £tr. Fin. ! Jockey. J Op. Cl.
V66S4) RXJwal-a. a* <MaKran« & CoL)ilO4 6 41 31 32 31 In J. Jones 1 7-10
' -eeTTjiKltTy Kelly, a (Stanfleld) |105 2 1112 1 lJil 1%2 h J. T. Shehn 5
. «T04 IGoMTfndtr.-t <P. G. Lynch).) 94 3 2h 42,48 42 3% McBride ... 8 7
¦'i«€<H)'ChtckaAe*- 5 <S. Rafour) 100* 1 54 B5 S8.S4 44 Crossw&ite 5 9
. £^02 'E*dy Kent, a «J. R^an>. 102 4 J <J SI !1 .2 1-BI T. Butler... 12 1«
?r.-KT Mont. Peeress 5 (Mrs. CoCey) 97 6 6 2 6 1»46 2 62 64 Fitzpatrick 6 12
./ast i Billy Mcore, •. (T. T. Rector) 1 104 7 7 7 7 7 7 Llntoa 20 40
"Tinie— -:U\i. ':49. 1:15. 1:CH. 1:43. At post 2H minutes. Off at 3:08. Redwald. place,
•'• • 1-2^ show, out Kelly, place. C-5: show. 1-2. Knder. «how, 3-5. Winner.' eh. g. by
' . .'-Twrnv-P^d worth Rose; Trained by W. P. Maprane. Scratched— Mr. DlnKle. Oro Viva.
• . Illc*aii6 'Impromptu Ada N. Start good. Won flrst three driving. It. took etrong
'_ . haridlir4f to land RedwaM. Kitty Kelly at her best. Gold Finder ran an excellent race.
'¦•- I»aCy Kent .Quit. Montana Peeress ran poorly. Billy Moore no speed. Was kicked by
; '• Cbi<;ka5ee.- . .
# O714.; Fot'P.TIt HACE— One and an eighth miles; hndcp.; 3-yr.-o!ds and up; to first. $E00.
• ipdtx! '. Horse and Owner. • jWljItTH. Va- %• Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
'.«>eSB 'Carciia!. -4 (Ch'appell & Co.). 107 2 32 In 13 18 1 l?i J. T. Shehn 4 5-2
«JCS<T :n:iK>eon 6 rw. D. Randall). 104 S 4 8 3 1 2 1 2 I'i2 n T. Butler... 15 So
¦*HZtG JGrafter. "6 fBlaslngram<» Bros.) 10S 3 6 h B *$ 5 14 3 1» 3 3 2 Crosswalta 4^6'
- \ci3>G) Veters»0, 4 (\V. C. Vlvcil>. .. 110 4 8 7 l'£6 2 6 2 4 3 J. Jones.... 2.2
.•*<67rs« Carat. 5 (McAllister & Co.). '.| 93 7 7 161 4 1%4 1 5 3 Koach 4 12
06fi2*iCol Anderson. 0 iMcLauffhlin)jlO3 6 5 n 8 8 5 1U6 3 Untoa 15 15
' «e»6 |Mo«fcum- 4 (D. S. Fountain).! 106 1 1 1V42 1 3 1 7 4 7 4 Fountain .. 20 12
tC7C7 .iCarileiy « (Appltby & Co.)...| 9«| 8 2 14 17 2 8 8 McBride ... 50 100
• T.'m* — :2f'i. :t»^. l:15'i. l:41»i. 1:05. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:36»i» Caronal. place,
* '¦"." 4^5; ehuw; 2-5 llillouon. place. 10; chow, 4. Grafter, show. C-5. Winner, b. h. by
' ' * Ft. Carlo-Orellana. ' Trained by C. W. Chappell. Scratched — Forest King. Start grood.
'IT on- ridden out. S*cond and third driving hard. Five pounds legs weight helped Car
¦ . . ons.1 materially; Illllouon ran an improved rac». Grafter requires strong handling.
\kterant> lacked early epeed. Modicum Quit. Carat never a contender.
'.C"1S. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-oldj and tip; value to first, $325.
XttOex] Horee and ptraer. (Wt St. U- l~t- *i- Str. Fin. 1 Jock»j'. Op. Cl.
<«5»£K Money Muss.- 6 (E. Gaylord).|ll3 2 ... 1 4 1 1 1 l?jlh See 1 6-5
<6T.6fc) Mau.Hogan. a (Masrane) J1O7 5 ... 4 1 2 »i 2 1 2 h J. Jones.:.. 4 7-2
<WS5 i Louis- Wagner £ <Blakeman).|HJ7 4 ... 21 32 32 32 J. T. Shehn 8 7
<M.-T3-iOeyri>he 3 <Mrs Coffer) U7C ... 81 82 73 4*£ Fitzpatrick 8 12
!>;Si jMlmo ;4 (P. Pherldar.) 103 3 ... 3 1^4 2 6 2 53. McBride ... 8 10
'• «J»a»l)iLa<iy"Alhel!ng. f. (McLaughln)! S-? 10 ... 7 1 6^41 02 Herbert ... SO £0
6t3s5 Clausus, 4 iT. H Ryan). 1107 8 ... 6 1 5 »s 5 I»i7 2 Vickery ... 60 100
: «K74-!Fair L Ar.ra 4 (Fiffaro Sta.li 9t 7 ... fi 'i 7 1 8 2 8 4 Crosswaitc 30 40
»;<J41 \Mr>rx6 3 <Plioto Stable) 83 1 ... 93 fl5 05 94 Adalr 60 CO
• Sx;sO .Criss Cross., o- »F. N. llaj-e£)'l<>4| 0 ... 10 10 10 10 Illoach 10 13
Tl*mp'i-:24; :4S'i. 1;13. -At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:03. Muss, place. 7-10; show, 3-10.
'. . Hofcan. place, 1: ehow, 3-5 Wagner, show. 1. Winner, ch. t. by The Hero-Little
' • ¦ "«ltdv£ Qufecn. * Trained by G Burger. Scratched — Sweet Tooth, St. Wlnnlfrtde, Red
'• • Croti Nurs*. Start good. Won In a hard drvie cf three. Winner stood a drive gamely.
'• -. itKtt Hogan at one time locked a winner. Louie Wagner was bothered some In th«
"¦«T1^ 'FIXT1I. RACE— Seven furlongs; purse; 3-ycar-olda; value to first, $325.
inU'-Sj 'Jlerse .and Owner. Wt ! St. u" *T- *i. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Opi cT!
IJfWimAauiu (J F. Schorr) 112 5 5 1*44 3 2 14 3 1^1 n Reed 5-2 8^5
" «*00 .Gateway <T W_ LoUrtdge)... 110 2 11 21 32 ! V. 2! See ........ 8-5 2
' <t,'70S)i Jack -Kittle "_<W. p. Fine) 100 6 6*551 63 63 3^ F. Kelly.... 20 60
•<«fi7SrX.- B.-Cook <StanSeld & Ellis) 109 4 21 11 12 1 1^4 4 J. T. Shehn . 6 6
• <J«>8 !Dr Rowfll (piaslngame Bros.) 105 1 33 3^41 4 l'AS 1 Crosswaite 10 13
"t^75)'Riesca <T. McLeughlln) 107 7 7 2 7 2 7 3 fl X£ 6 1 14 Herbert ... 6 13
r6Gai)Eva D tOwl 6tal>'le) t 107 3 4 h C 1 6 iu.1 4 7 6 |T. Butler... 15 30
•<&73 Jschtrzq <Pi;Uilo EU-ble) 112 8 8 8.8 8 S |J. Jones.... 6 -6
' Timt— :24. :«. 1:11; 1:2S. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:26. Ananias, place. 4-5; show,
' ." -2-5 "Gateway, place. 4-5; show. 2-5. Little, show. 6. Winner, ch c. by Ocean Vlew
: . . Veracious.- Trained by J. F. Schorr. Scratched — County Down. Northwest. Start good.
¦. " .Won cleverly. Balance driving. Winner ran one of his best races. Gateway had no
••x'-':se Jack Little is picking up in his form. A. B. Cook quit. Dr. Rowell has gona
' '• back. ¦• Jllesca outclassed. Scherzo a eulker at post and slow to get, away.
the best and the glaring mlscues of tha
Angels made it still worse- to gaze
upon. They commenced their blun
dering . tactics in the first inning.
Whenever the home team got men on
bases more errors were, sure to follow
and this always meant more runs for
Uncle. *
Mr. Flood, the captain and the man
with a Brooklyn training, was the
arch offender. The amiable second
baseman had four marked up against
his name and he deserved every one of
them. He could not stop a ball, nor
could he wing it to a baseman when
he did happen to get it within his
mitts. Toman followed with two and
Spies, Smith and Chase brought up
the rear with one each. They all
proved costly.
Southpaw Jones was the candy after
the first inning. He never allowed the
Angels another look in and did what
he wanted with them. Nobody could
Jilt him. The entire San Francisco
team fielded In grand form. Not an
error "\yas committed and many hard
chances were acepted with much pol
ish and grace.
Hall pitched good enough ball while
his teammates supported him, but as
soon as they fell down it was balloons
with the big fellow. Every one ex
pected to see a batting rally from the
champs, but it never came. After the
first inning the best they got was one
hit. San Francisco accumulated most
of its runs after two men had been
put out. Score:
San Francisco — f Lea Angeles —
ab.r. h. p.A.I Aaa ir. p.a.
Hldbd. If.4 0 0 2 OBrnrd. cf.3 0 0 6 0
\Vldrn. cf.5 1 1 y 0 Flood. 2b.4 114 1
Many, rf.5 113 l'Smlth, Sb.4 1.112
lrwln. Sb.5 2 3 1 liCrvth. rf.3 1110
Leahy, c.4 111 liRymd. If.S 0 0 5 0
Masey, lb.4 2 2 11 OChaae. lb.3 0 0 'J 1
Adrsn. 2b.4 0 0 1 61Toman, e.2 0 0 0 4
Miller, s..3 113 3|Spies, c.8 0011
Jones. P...4 0 3 0 2 Hall. p....3 0 0 0 2
Totals. 37 S 12 27 11 Totals. 28 1 3 24 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles ....1000000 0 0 — 1
Base hits .....2 0 0 10 0 0 0 0—3
San Francisco ..10 OHO 0 S 2 x — 8
Base hits 1 01 301 4 2 x— 13
SUMMARY.
StoUa bases — Smith, Cravath, Waldron,
Irwtn, Anderson. Leahy. Errors — Flood 4,
Toman 2. Smith. Chase, Spies. —Two-base hits
— Smith. Irvrln, Leahy. Sacrifice hit — Ander
son. First base on errors — San Francisco 3.
First base on called balls — Oft Jones 4, oft
Hall S. Left on bases— San Francisco 11. Lob
Angeles 4. Struck out— By Jones 1. by Hall 1.
Double play — Meany to Massey. Time of fanm
— 1 hour and 45 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
- When a champion ball- team com- J
mils nine errors In one game it is
certainly in bad form. The Los An- %
greles stars did this yesterday and they
were voted the biggest bunch of
tramps seen at .Recreation Park this
season. Aslda from making nine
errors/the southerners got three-lone
ly base hits and one run in the first
Inning. Then they quit and never ral
lied again. Score, 8 to 1.
It was a rank, exhibition of ball at
In; Nine Innings the South
ern Stars Make One Lone
Tally and but Three Hits
SAN- FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
THEY ALSO FAIL TO BIT
iDandie. Belie, a 30 to 1 Chance, Takes .the Opening
; ..:. Race From a Big Field— Money Muss Shows His
" : Heels to Fast Ones— Gateway Beaten by Ananias
3Iorley ? s Champions Play the
AVorst Possible Kind of
Genuine Yellow Baseball
ANGELS MAKE
NINE ERRORS
CARONAL, PILOTED BY SHEEHAN,
WINS THE HANDICAP AT OAKLAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO : GALL, -SUNDAY, -MAY, ;l,;1904.
41
NEW COLORED 3IUSIC.
'."A friend in need Is a friend
indeed." - Our MONEY TO
IX>AN '¦? column ¦ may " bo classed
as such.- " . ' - *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEXT SUNDAY CAMi.
THE SNAPPIEST AIR EVER.
Something to Put on Your Piano
and Play and Sing at Once.
$1,000 to Weak Women!
J Every woman admires a strong man. Every man admires a
rfe^ /j&i$f$i§ip& strong we man. Health, strength and happiness! They
Pl^^^^^ff^^^, are the J°y °* Hvin?;. If you are a weak man or a weak j
{^^^^^^^%^^ woman I can give them to you. ;
\ ; Fora case of Nervous Debility, Varicoce!e,^R.Keamat!sm. I^me Back, Lranbtgo, ScUtlca, any cait of
iSS. V <Jv \<l • Kidney Disease (that has hot gone as far ai Bright^s Disease), Indigestion, Constipation, Female
TsSV V^* j .NT^ vJ5 -, Weakness, or any weakness of man or woman," which I cannot cert with my niw improved Electric
! /"SSSSsV \W3 Belt, the marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has tver been introdoctd.
/^sifilSa \S Give me a man broken down from dissipation, hard work or worry, from any cause which bxs
/l>Piil V I \ lipped his vitality. Let him follow my advice for three months and I will make him as vigorous in
f § V^v8 t" I every respect as any man of his age. ¦ • Y<(~
M& |;M; l> wl I wiir not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was nevtr intended bj nature to b«
"i* -'«¦¦¦' »-'«B''// J&' : * '¦'-*¦ ••'¦ \!^Vl« ' • strong and vigorous. Even that man I can make, better than he is; but tht man who has beta
M & « wJr/v* vvwr strong and has lott his strength I can make as good as he ever was.
g Si $" «« c * n &* ve b * ck to any man what he has lost bv violation of the hm« cf nature. I can step all
M & xL -^^ \ drains upon his vitality in ten days.
ll V^v" \ A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly, awakes more tired than
-£^ \^ W \il \s«mi when he went to bed, who* is easily discouraged, inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has
iwv v& >\\«S \^l ost am .' D ' t ' on * n d energry to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which the Dr. Mo
/w >§ w^s v^V vS^ Laughlin. Electric Belt supplies.
tsl \v Vwl' I can. take any woman who is nervous, sleepless, who has bearing-down pains, periodical il»-
/¥ a A>\V vv«- tress, dizzy and fainting spells, loss of appetite *nd a generally haggard and old feeling and makt
// vfc. V VvvV vSfl^ her feel like a girl again. .
(/I v v\ S%\\S Un. S. C. BabeocV, Bnictrlll*, Chi., nyai "Tour belt la dotny ma a gnat «e»l of gvod. tor X am bettir t&aa X hiv
~.\X Vvvki The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal electricity. When you
>s§. \ vN^ v.'' lose that by draining the system in any manner, my Belt will replace it and cure you.
Ur. Harry V. Vacloioa. VaJlfton, C»L. wrltwit "AHhoturh yon an a •tranter to me, hit heart warau toward you aa a great b«a«faotor aaa frttad. aai I am mer* Oua
grateful terwi. Aint&y I f«elth« vigor of ntw lUe la »r bod/f no aobaa and no palna. I wleh you eyerr luccen in youy trorit"
Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer. They are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from
useless doctoring. I get such letters; every day. i
My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. Zt braces and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy.
Lout!* Klnr. Commercial Uot*l, San Franaiico, uri: "2 tak* pleasar* In dropping you a faw lines to let you know bow gr«aUy improve 1 am «tac« I rot your Bait. Ky
headache* havo ltft mi tnl I un fiilnlnf la woleht. I f»»l llk« a-- different woman, and tm vary rratsful to you for all taa rood your Bait baa dona me." ,
I make -the best electrical body appliance 'in the world, having devoted twenty years to perfecting' It I know my trade. My cures after
everything else has failed are my best: arguments. . j
Mr. Rot Burk. McKIttrlck. Cat.,' write* i "FYora tha flrat nlrfet Z wora the b«It X felt naw Ufa In every part of my body. Tha weakness waa cheeked b&xnadJataly. ana X an
now able to do heavy work without tlrtnj. I am glad I thought of the belt, for In no other way eould the money brine mo ao mueh pleascre. -'•
' - Give me a man with paina in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or joints, "come-and-go" pains in his shoulders, chest or side. Sciatica fas
his hip, Lumbago, Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and my Belt will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain.
No pain can* exist where my *Belt : is worn. ; - v :
Mr. J. L. Balrd of Orlahd,, Cal., wrlt*a: "My back la antlraly well, and X would not Uka (100 for my belt If Z eould not itt another. It la tha beat thins sa earth for a
And these "old" men, these men who have burned the candle at both ends — or even if they haven't — these men who for one reason or another
feel that life has lost its spice, that they are getting old too fast, I can make them feel the sparkle and fire of youth again.
I'll -never forget when Mr. A." Crawford of Pokegama, Oregon, an old man of seventy, * wrote - to me and said: "When I wrote to you last I
told you to send me a Belt to make an old man young, and you did. I am seventy years old, and since I have worn the Belt I feel as strong as I
did at thirty-five, and can do as good' a day's work as I could at that age." It was two years ago that Mr. Crawford wrote me that letter. Htreis
one I just got from him: .- :
"In reply to your letter I am (lad to aay that I am Just aa much In favor of your Bel { aa X ever was., for It haa baaa a ramarkabla help to me. X am aevanty-tw» years old, but
I do not look any. mere than fifty."- Am enjoying -perfect health, and will continue to recommend the Belt, as I have been dotn( right along, as I realize that but for It I ehoull havw
been dead and burled -by thla tlma." . • ¦ . . . ;, /: : '. "
They come every day from- everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt.
Men and women- who fc had tried < their home doctorsand every known medicine have come to me and been cured.
Mr. T. Taierchl. 121 Ralght it. Ban Frandaco, Cal., aayai "No worda can expresa my feeling of gratitude to you. When I received year marvelous Bait I waa In •> v*ry
bad condition phyalcally. I waa nervoua, TvoaJc, digestion waa poor. I couldn't aleep but two or three hours In the night my mental power was weak, though I had been naturally
very etrong, and all theaa aymptoma were the result of a aexual weakness. Now I am well, and I am glad to have thla opportunity to recommend the Belt to those who suiXer from
such troubles as mine, for they - will b« restored to perfect health by your Belt."
Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you ought to be, can you ask any better proof to make you try it? Is
there a remedywhich is as simple, as • easy to use, as sure .to cure and as cheap as Dr. .McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must
try it In justiceto yourself, and torthose who look-to you for their future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought not be
delayed. . . , . '' : *
It'sas good for womenas for men. Worn while yon sleep, it causes no trouble. You feel the gentle glowing heat from It constantly,' bat
no sting, no burning, as in old-style belts. i.**" 1
Come and see me »if ''you can. • I have a private consulting room in which I will explain my method of treatment, and, perhaps, give you
the names of some of your friends whoml have cured. ' '
Send for my; beautiful book full of things a man likes to read if he wants' to be a strong man. I send it sealed free If you are a weak woman
send for my book, "Maiden, Wife and "Mother," which shows the road to health and happiness for weak woman. Cut out and send this ad.
Dr. M.C. Mclaughlin, 906 Market S||sS^i||
Office hours,* 8 a. m.to 8 p. m. Sundays 10 to x. Seattle Office, 105 Columbia Street. Los Angeles, 131. South Spring Street.EXPANSION OF CUI/fURE.
: HeJs said to be a member, of a prom
inent family of Hillsboro, 111., and was
employed there Ina confidential capac
ity by a big corporation. . Four weeks
ago he. disappeared, and an examina
tion of his accounts showed that he
bad stolen several thousand dollars.
, He went to El Paso and then came to
Los Angeles In"a cattle car. - Sus
picion was scdlrected toward him that
wlthln'a few days. he registered at four
different hotels unde"r"'different names.
/ Letters found on his; person showed
that he wasa fugitive, his wife having
written him '.describing the movements
of detectives who 'were , watchins ' his
home. " He admits his guilt arid says
hedoes nht know, how much he stole.
While fleeing from home he was robbed
by. hobos of nearly all the money he
had. • : '• ¦¦¦ '-..>: ¦' •-* -
LOS ANGELES, April SO.— Charles
D. Loomis, alias Frank Berry, was ar
rested here ; to-day as & fugitive from
justice and to-night information was
received that the Governor of Illinois
has issued a requisition for his return
to, that State. " , Of^
Prisoner at Los Angeles
Will Have to Stand Trial
in an Eastern Court
diversity of Products Is Essential to
• ..^'.; Prosijcrity of" the State.
A "ihonghtf ul plea for "DI\*ersIfled
Farming- in. California" was' delivered
• by L-B. McMahill of the Central Coast
Coiifttipsr --Improvement Association,
who .said!, among other things:
farmer who is able to make his
acreage" produce' the greatest amount
.and the greatest variety, of products,
kn"a" .who .lias therefore to expend for
that which he cannot produce the least
amount .of money, succeeds. He must
be. a etudent of markets, climatic con
.dJticns, eoCs, vegetable growth, animal
in -fact, is almost required
?•¦ pCssess the most varied character
of knowledge known to any one means
cf^attainlng a. livelihood.
"* "Dlvw-Blfied farming: has been, for
inany centuries a proven success, land '
XX)R VARIED AGRICULTCR1L
/ liUler of Oat West Entertains Andl-
ISjS enee With Humorous Address.
';.-. JCfeartoi" F. Lummis, editor of Out
'VV'eSt, .and a member of the Los An
geles Chamber of Commerce, was the
• "heSct to sueak. He responded to the
"_. A?.a st, . **Co-oneratI on." Mr. Lummis
. '.'opened his remarks with a story, hu
• porous to the extreme, but a perfect
i' illustration of the advantages of co
• op?ratJcm. In part he said:
' • is more perfectly adapted
to- matrimony than most any place in
*<he" world. It is inhabited by young
.,acd old, strong and weak and people
of. .every, walk In life. Is It not so then
"that these people must be adapted to
one another according to thejr respect
ive -class? A man never, or rarely,
marries a woman until he knows her.
He. £hou2(L. not marry her until he
. ,kno\Vs her and she knows him, and
then'Jhere should be no divorces. There
"woiiid Jbe none If people tried to live
• .fn perfect co-operation. A sailor might
-.try to lift an anchor and give up In
.'despair. .Another nailor might try :n
•vain and >t ill another. But if these
three sailors put their • combined
strfength to the work it would be a
'elmpie matter to accomplish. And so
it is throtfsrhout the world. Co-opera
tion, that is the mle that all men
• Ebcuid practice and there would be far
\'fh<"yre harmony in this world.
• • . - ••
IXM3IIS OX CO-OPERATIOX.
WASHINGTON, .April 30. — The Sec
retary of the Treasury has issued a
call directing national bank deposi
taries to transfer to the - Assistant !
Treasurer of New York City on or be- !
fore May .10, 1304, an' aggregate
amounting to 112,000.000. The call
on each bank is for 10 per cent of the
public deposit of such bank as it
stood .before the : recent 20 per- cent
call, thus making" a total withdrawal
of 30 per cent of public deposits.^;;
To-day's call, . however, exempts all
depositories whose authorized balance
before the recent call was less than
$100,000. It also exempts a few banks
having active accounts where their au
thorized balance is not greater than
the convenience of the Treasury De
partment in. transacting public busi
ness requires. With these exceptions,
the call applies to all depositories, per
manent and temporary.
In view of the plethora of money in
all the central reserve cities It Is
probable that an additional call of the
same character will be Issued, pay
able about June l.' m This would supply
the amount of the draft - upon the
treasury made, by the of the
isthmian* canal right of- way. and would
afford a working, balance of $50,000,
000 actually, in. the treasury and sub
treasuries as at present. .
Secretaiy of , the Treasury
Directs the Transfer of
Twelve Million Dollars
. "While they may be forced to solilo
quize thus, California owes them a
debt of gratitude. The world - owes
them a debt of gratitude, not alone
for what their Industry added to It in
permanent wealth, but; because from
the rude beginning of the placer miner
a great Industry has arisen and mining
has been taken from the purely specu
lative and placed with the most profit
able, legitimate walks of life."
(Laughter.)
M. E. Dittmar, editor of Mineral
Wealth, was the next speaker, his
toast being "Mining In California."
Mr. Dittmar said in part:
"For the flfty-six years prior to the
discovery of gold in Californiarr— from
1792 until 1S48 — the United States
produced but S24.7S6.000 in gold; dur-.
ing the flfty-six years that have
elapsed since gold was discovered in
California this State alone has added
to the wealth of the world $1,400,
000.000 in gold, and the greater por
tion of this vast sum is coursing
through the arteries of commerce to
day, providing that ready means of ex
change so necessary in modern com
mercial life. By far the greater por
tion of California's gold output is the
product of the placer mines, or, in!
other words, from the surface. For-.-,
tunes came easy to the placer miners, 1
and in many instances were spent
easy; in bur mountain counties a pio
neer cabin here and there, occupied by
some lonely, pioneer, who dreams of
placer days, "The days of old, the days
of gold, the days of '49,' may now be
seen, typical of the time when 1", an
ounce a'day was very poor pay. While
these pioneers may soliloquize in. the
lines of Ja,mes Whitcorrib Rlley: /
Hain't no een*e Jn wishln'. jit
Wteht to goodness I could jes'
Gee the blame uorT 'round, and git -
Hack to that 0U 1 happiness. . ..".-, ;-c""
State's Great Mineral Industry 1$ De
scribed in Eloquent Terms.
CALIFORNIA'S MIXERS.
ISSUES A CALL
ON THE BANKS
ILLINOIS ASKS
FOR FUGITIVE
of' the relaxing i* the money ratea, and
has also shown a cood investment de
mand for high grade securities and an
awaken'ng speculation in South Afri
can mining stocks. London has shown
no desire, however, to buy American
securities. -. , .
The large gold export, in connection
with the Panama payment and the in
difference-felt toward It, Is in strong
contrast with : the nervousness' dis
played at the time 1 the payment was
first considered and thenumerous con
trivances then discussed for -easing the
strain of the operation. Bonds have
been dull,-' but prices were steadily
maintained. United States new fours
have advanced One-quarter per cent on
call "during the week.
The other Indictments are ajgainst
other than 'city officials :' on charges
connected with v conducting 'gambling
houses 4 and s«ndfng obscene matter
through the malls. • .--. •- :
PUEBLO, Colo., April S0.-^-The spe
cial Grand Jury- investigating "trtunici
pal affairs to-day " returned nine in
dictments, two of which are against
Sheriff, J. L. Beaman and Chief of Po
lice H. M. Shoup, charging failure to
properly perform their duties. «
SHERIFF AND -POLICE.
CniEF ARE-IXDICTED
E.' D. ; Taylor, -F.-.L. Turpin, George
W. Turner; A. G. Taft, Oakland; Fred
Tillmann Jr., 1 Frank-Morton Todd.
Henry P. Umbsen. ' " - ; "
Charles Vail, Charles H. Van Orden,
A. H. Vail, F. W. Van Slcklen. '
•-•Joseph -Wren, George W. Wittmani
William M. Weil, Thomas J. Welch,
A. W. j Wilson, C. J. Wetmore, W. J.
Watson, Dr. J. W. .Ward, E. M. Wolf,
Otto I. Wise, Walter Wilson; F. J.
Wilson, Oakland Board of Trade; Ben
jamin'Ide-.Wheeler, University of Cali
fornia; Henry Weinstock, Sacramento
Valley 1 Development Association;
Hamilton Wright A. A. Watkins; E. J.
Wickson, University of California; A.
J. Wells, M.N. Wlnans, ~John L.
White, Sacramento Chamber of-Com
merce;, C. .C. Wright: .J. -H. " Williams,
W. B. Webster, Los Angeles Chamber
of Commerce.-
O'Brien: ..Warren Olney, .Mayor of
Oakland. . ...
Edgar .Peixotto, . Whitney Palache;
George W. Pierce, Yolo County Cham
ber of Commerce: Theodore Poindex
ter, George H. Pippy; George C. Par
dee,. Governor of California; A. J.«
Pillsbury, San Joaquln Valley Com
mercial Association; James D. Phelan,
J. C. Pelton, James Reid - Prlngle.
George Panario. %'}
. R. E. Queen. '¦'¦
R. L. Radke, R. X. Ryan. John
Rothschild, David Rich, A. J. Rich, P.
q. Rossi, William Rleger. C. F,' Run
yon, Dr. Theodore Rethers; ! George.
Renrier, W. ! E. - Alameda I. Associa
tion ;* A. Ruef, C. H. Roddari; F^ W.
Richardson, .Berkeley Gazette; Thom
as Rickard, president Berkeley Board
of Trustees; H. C. Rowley,, California
Fruit. Grower; H; B. Rathbone." -
'""W/T. Selleck, Los'Angeles Times;
Ernest Simpson, A. • E. • Sbarboro,
Houghtoii Sawyer, Charles Stallman,
L. W. Storror, V. A. Scheller, San Jose
Chamber of Commerce; Romolo A.
Sbarboro. L. S. :¦ Sherman, ! C. H.
Schmidt; James B. Smith, W. W. San
derson, John C Shipp, LIpman Sachs.
Dr.II. J. Sartor I; Cav. Carlo F. Serra,
Consul of Italy; C. R. Smith. West
End Improvement Associa
tion ;* r A.M. Sutton, George Stone, Wil
liam Sproule, M. Schmidt, Edward J.
Smith; Charles H. Spear, E. Scott; Ed
win Stearns, secretary of the, Oakland
Board of Trade; Frank J. -Symmes, J.
M. Shawhan, H. L. Smith, George A.
Smith ; .Frank H. Short, Fresno Cham
ber of Commerce;- H. P. Stabler, Saci
rament Valley Delevopment Associa
tion; Rufus M. Steele; Peter J. Shields,
Sacramento Chamber of Commerce;
Lewis H. Smith, Fresno Chamber of
Commerce. ¦ • • ¦ -i>
"An old Greek said, 'Children should
not be brought, up amidst images of
evil, lest their souls should assimilate
the ugliness of 'their surroundings.'
Brought up in an environment of beau
ty, their souls and their minds will ab
sorb beauty, which enters into their
lives and influences their actions.
Hence, when we want anything beauti
ful or dainty In art. In construction, i*n
cloths, silks and tapestries, we still,
after one hundred years of. American
progress, have to turn to the cities of
the Old World. The Vendome Column
and the Arch de Trlomphe .tell the
Frenchman the story of Napoleon the
Great, just as Strassburg ".Monument,
In the Place de Concorde, tells the na
tional humiliation caused by Napoleon
the Little. In Trafalgar .Square, in
London, every Englishman is reminded
in his daily walk of the glorious death
of Nelson, fighting the battles of his
country, and the Wellington Monument
keeps green the. memory of the Iron
Duke. % •
"Should, these lessons be lost? San
Francisco has erected a monument to
Admiral Dewey's victory (applause)
and so long as it stands every passer-'
by will recall with pride the prowess of
American arms, and the city is now
engaged in erecting a monument to the
martyred and lamented McKinley in
order that passing generations may not
forget the lessons of his life and death.
From all parts shall visitors come to
enjoy the hospitality of a city which
has a care for its external appear
ances."
"A city Is a place where people roust,
perforce, live and It should be made
livable and lovable, and then those who
are distant shall seek it and those who
go away Bhajl long to return. When in
Paris I asked a small tradesman why
he did "not bring his wares to New
York, where he would find a larger
market and a more profitable business,
and he looked up in surprise and said:
'Why, I would have to leave my dear
Paris.' New York Is tolerable to the
rich, but It is desolation to the poor. In
Paris every street is a picture, every
park and square is a paradise, every
building is a work of art In walking,
through the city one comes upon mon
uments erected in commemoration of
great men, great events or great ideas,
which exalt the souls of the citizens,
stirs their gratitude and awakens their
emulation. ,. , .
"The Growth of Municipal Art in
California" gave ex-Mayor James D.
Phelan a subject In which he is greatly
interested, and he improved the op
portunity with erne of the most telling
addresses of the evening. He said in
part: . *.
Ex-5iayor Phelan Argues for Decora
tion of California Municipalities.
VALUE OP ART IN CITIES.
:.;A- Frank Neate, Fresno Chamber of
Commerce; J., R. Newbe/ry, v Los 'An
geles - Chamber of: Commerce; H/ R.
Newbauer; A. G. , Nason,: San ; Diego
Chamber of Commerce; H. W. New
bauer,*:; F. -V. \Nefaon; John -'A..' Neu.
Fresno . Chamber ¦ of .Commerce. • s " •
'Charles F. O'Brien, George N.
M. Mi*ehaels6*Vi; Bernard Moses, Uni
versity of California; frv-ing F. Moul
ton, C F. Mulllns, F. V.'Meyers, Wil
liam ; A. Magee; Jolin S. Matheson,
Los Angeles; C. A. Malm'* Dr. W. F.
McNutt, Byron Mauzy, E. J. Molera,
W. H. Metsbn, Gavin' McNab, ¦ C. A.
Murdock, George W.'McNear.Williahi
D.-McCann.'D.' T. B. Mills, 1 James Mc-
Nab. I. B. McMahlll, John McNaught,-
A. Moretti. F, MoretU.. Edwin-' Mc-
Afee. John Edward Miles; J.. R.Mc-
Connell, v Yolo County 'Chamber; of
Commerce: R. ; J. .Montgomery, ¦ Oak
land- Board of Trade; C: A. ¦ Moody!
Los; Angeles Chamber of Commerce;
CL H.\,Markhami' P. Macpherson; Mr.
Montague, Los Angeles Chamber ( -6f
Commerce/ . • - .. |'.'-hU' : V'
' Dwight" Edwstrds." Milton H. Esb.erg,
Arthur Eloesser, J. W. Envift, James
A.'.EJnerj'j-: ; 'I' r ; •.'•
Charles W, Fay, J. Frowenfeld, San
ford Feige-nbaum, Tirey, L. Ford, J. Ho
mer Fritch. M. A. Frank, Dr. Thomas
Fletcher, Charles -S. Fee, M. J. Fontana."
Charles R. Gagah, E. Goodwin, E. B.
Grace, Louis Getz, Naph. B. Greensfel
der,. Thomas 'A. Graham, J. G/.Glest
ing; Count P. L. Gfimani, Vice Consul
of Italy; General Will S. Green, presi
dent Sacramento Valley Development
Association; Wesley 4 J. Griffith, Dr.
Alexander Garceau, Edmond Godchaux,
S. B. Goldberg, H. M. Goldberg.
T. J**Hazen,' Starifslaiis Board of
Trade, Modesto; William Greer Harri
son, Ans<5h Hilton, Theodore V. Halsey,
R. W. Hills, E. L. Hoag. E. L. Hueter,
B. S. Hubbard* George W. Haas, W.. C.
Holliway,. Reuben C. Haas, A. F. Har
aszthy, Thomas Hodge, Dlxwell Hevr
itt, Henry Hoffman Jr.; Victor Hender
son, University' of ; California; Charles
Webb Howard, Marshall Hale, David
Hulse, Julius* Heyman, James Hors
burgh "Jr.; E./W.' "Hale,' Sacramento
Chamber of. Commerce; John Galen
Howard, University of California;
George W. Heintg, A; J. Hechtman,
Charles R. Havens, A. .G. Hagerdorn;
T. C. Hocking," Stanislaus Board of
Tradel; M9d.es.t0';* A. Hallner; Turlock;
R! B. Hale; Fred H.,.Harve'yV-. Sacra
mento Chamber ofv Commerce; OrrJn.S.
Henderson; Stockton Chamber "of Com-,
merce; Mr. Hultberg, ": Modesto. ;
Byron Jackson, Floyd S..Judah; Wil
lis L. Jepson; University of California;
J. . S, Jordan,.' Alphohs'e Judis, Living
ston Jenks, Isidor Jacobs, Rufus P.
Jennings.* '' V - r ;
Major ..Charles R;, Krauthoff. J. C.
Klrkp^trlck, Fred J.^ Koster,' Dan H.
Kane,' Herbert Kullman, ,W.. B. Koll
myer, Julius Kahn, Colonel . Jqhji * A.
Koster, A. Kains, Emile E. Kahn, L.
M. King; Charles Keeler, Berkeley; M.
J. Keller, Oakland Board of Trade.
Dr. Hartland Law, J. B. Lankershim,
Carl G. Larsen,"'A. Larsen, "Reuben H.
Lloyd; *E. E.. . Leake, , Yolo County
Chamber of Commerce; R. P.'Lathrop,
California Central Coast Counties* Im
provement Association; * Arthur La
throp, T.
B. LymanT Charles F. Lummis, Los An
geles. : of Commerce; ¦ G. Rus
sell Lukens, Oakland Board of Trade;
A. L..Lundy; Frank Lyman, Sacra
mento Chamber of Commerce; H. H.
Ltnnell, Pure Water^ Company,' Oak
land; Bradford- Leavitt.
Distinguished Assemblage of Men
From All Parts of Golden State.
The list of diners was as follows:
Colonel George W.' Andrews, Edward
F. Adams, Charles R. Allen, Leo- E..
Alexander, Michael Alexander, G. Al
magla. F. J. Amweg, Edward P. An
tron, Harry B. Arnold, : P. N. Aronson,
I* Arnstein, Charles S/Alken, J. H.
Arlllam." •
Clarence Ludlow Brownell, A. H.
Barendt, Captain Charles F. Baker;
' E. ' Bancroft, ' aianufactui*ers'
and' Producers' Association; H. . F.
Band; James A. ¦• "Barr, ¦ San Joa
quln Valley Commercial Association;
Charles R. Beitler, Nathan L., Bell.*
Clement Bennett, J. S. Bunnell, J.
Li Bley; F. W. Blanchard, Yolo. County
Chamber of Commerce; "Maurice
Block, Luther Burbank, David Bush,
Edward Brandenstein; \V. A... Bea'rd,
Sacramento Valley Development As
sociation; -.H.- Briggs. B. . T. ¦ Bean,
Emile. Bauer ; W. E. Bissell, Santa Fe
Railroad Company; F. M. Buck, Vaca
ville; J. D. Brown, G. C. Boardman Jr.",
Paul Boettcher; G..A. Belcher, Hum
boldt. County Chamber of Commerce;iP.
Beringer; Bernard Blenenfeld; Morris
Brooke, Sacramento Chamber of Com
merce: Jr'D.- Barnhill, H. C. Braden.
" Robert : -"S: : Cfb'mble, Los Angeles
'Chamber of Commerce: Robert S.
Clarke; David C. Clark,' Mayor of
Santa Cruz : ¦ H. C. t;apw r ell, • president
Oakland Board of Trade; Fletcher A.
Cutler, Humboldt County Chamber of
Commerce: R. A. Crothers; Samuel. R.
Canfleld, president California C. C. C.
Improvement Association; C. L. Corey,
University of California; W." P. Craig,
Yolo County,. Chamber of Commerce;
Chafes Carpy, Albert.' E. Castle, J.
P. Currier. Max M. Cohn, W. B. Cur
tis; Dr. Charles V-. Cross, W. F. Cor-,
dest 'F^-Wr Crandall; Saratoga; C.
F. Currj'. Secretary of State.
' M. ; C E. pittma^ Redding; Major C.
A. "puv'ai, George. D. Dornin, J. War-,
i'reriY, button, Dr.- C. "T. Deane, E. ;. G...
Denniston, \V. J. Dutton, Clinton Day, :
Heriry L, Davis, AV T :^3.^Dodd. L. ¦ de
Martini, Robert'ilcF. Doble, Dr. P. de
¦Vecchlf-Jarries Denman, A. A. D'An
cona, . -. ,.-.¦- j - ,. :<. ¦:' ..
THE LIST OP GUESTS.
.At- the, game- time the abundant facil- |
I ties ; iri thej money- market ht^v« -proved
no inducement to operators to accumu
late stockE^f^Qri speculative purposes, as |
doubt and'uhc§rtaihty over the futurej
course of .values offers -no -assurance ofi
profits^n ! the .operation. _. .The 'market
Is. practically dead-locked .in. .. conse
quence. ' ' ... .
..The movement^of gold toward Paris,
In view of the large resources already
at. hand there, strengthens the convlc*.
tion^th^t the Issue of the large" Rusr
sian" loan Is imminent The securi-*
ties murk^t in London has ' fared
rather better than our own by reason I
The. details for the operation are still j
somewhat obscure to the.lWall street
"mind, especially the manner of the ac
tual withdrawal of Government depos
its from- the. bank and gold from the!
treasury and their Immediate lodgment. }
This uncertainty was one of the fac- j
tors in the stagnation of the day's i
Btock market. The price movements of I
any interest were confined to special
ties. Total bond sales, par value, $997,
.000. ... . .....
There has been no sign of life In the
investment demand for_ stocks this
week and prices have. drifted slug
gishly under; the' small operatlone of
the h'abitual. traders in vain attempts
.to mak,e ."profit in and ..out of tW mar
ket. The 'ease and abundance of money
keeps the • market free from pressure
of selling to procure cash resources,
and i those, who are not obliged to sell
have everyi incentive to keep their of
ferings off the market, In view of its
.small { power - of absorption. .- - . . ••
NEW YORK,. April 30.— The bank_
statement was the only news with any I
important- bearing on the stock mar- ¦
ket, and it was accepted with languid I
Interest. This wafkpartly due to the
feeling that the statement was not an
accurate showing of actual conditions.
An Increase, though a small one. In the
cash item of the bank statement in
the week of the largest gold exports
on record is an anomaly in itself.
It is partly explained by the fact that
the statement does not reflect'the J3,
700.000 shipment of gold that went out j
to-day- and which will be carried over;
into next week'* statement Even al- \
lowing for this, the cash reserve is more ,
than $2,000,000 better than was estl- !
mated from the known movements of \
money. Local cash operations' are given ;
as the explanation for the discrepancy. ;
The Increase In the loan item was not |
greater than expected In view of the !
week's railroad Issue of notes. '
V Further issues are expected, and the >
placing of the $37,000,000 New York City }
loan is expected to affect the loan item ;
still further. . It is also generally be- <
lleyed that the outgo of gold up to this .
time, except the Morgan shipment that ]
went to-day, is for. other, purposes than j
the. Panama canal payment, the prln- '
cipal portion of which, .therefore, re- i
mains to be provided for. ... t
British Speculators Show No
Special^Desire to Invest
in Ainericaii Securities
BONDS CONTINUE DULL
y^ ivas joyous, congenial and bright: full
•cf ihe verve and vigor of the epring
• lime. Thus every feature of the excur
•fion was delightful in Itself and mem
'x-.nable because of Its delight.
•"Against the changing background of
' all the panorama of that journey
. stands In the memory of every one who
i toi)k part In it the figure of- a man.
' youa« as the .youngest, wise as the
. \vlse5t. merry as the merriest, always
• busy i)ut never hurried, carrying in his
bfain'all the plans and programmes of
: the excursion, and upon his mind all of
¦its responsibilities and hopes, and yet
- never for a moment wearying another
• with hie burden, or tuminK away from
any group or individual that comes to
him for information or for frolic
"That man, the executive officer of
• the' Promotion Committee, was at once
,the mover, the planner, the director,
•the manager, the life and th« inspira
• . tion of the whole excursion, and each
' exit every member of the company that
had the pleasure of seeing the wonder
•| 'fvd; Bcuthlaad under his well-ordered
ruidaace felt that something more than
.words was neded to express and manl
' Test "to him ar.d to others their high ap
; preciatlon of his work, their admiration
for his talents and their genuine liking
Und' love for hit good fellowship and
. ' kterling manhood.
- "I .' _ GRATIF1CATIO X IX WORK- • '
' . "There was also a desire to show
.' forth through the!r tribute to him the
gratification and the pride they feel In
. the w,ork of the Promotion Committee
as a whale. No organization in the
; -Is more public spirited, nor is
I there any association more zealous or
.'riibre energetic in undertaking every
work • and performing every duty to
' .which public spirit prompts. That
¦^ much is made manifest not only
'""through the zeal of its executive of
• •ficer.' but through that of Its president,
-directors and the whole corps of lib
•jeral men who sustain it.
• . "Having that desire, the excursion
' tits ,on returning. to. the city sent some
• cf-their number to seek out a gift suit
able to their wishes, appropriate to
• -. rheir^ feeling and fitted to adorn the
;¦ hoine-of him for whom it was intended.
. : -Thje committee went to William Keith.
! .. wht) is:ar>oet, haying power to create
•new. Ideals of beauty, and a painter
" : Ha.vi.ng skill to set them forth In plc
-..- tures -that are a joy to all who love
-• beauty. From him they obtained a
1 *. Rio'ture of a scene on which neither
.. sbolight nor starlignt ever shpne, for it
is. : .a picture of a poet's dream realized
• • ifi'.the vista of a sylvan peace and love
" • liKees, - From his heart ft came, and
.,"r. .tEeref ore it is in the finest and fullest
• Ben8eja.pprepriate as a gift Intended to
• a sentiment of the heart.
¦ .-.- '.:"' When our friend looks at it and re
• -jgalls that it represents no copyorcoun
•\ terpart of any place in any land on
dearth he must perforce ask himself,
"For What ©ther purpose than man's
• *B0l4ce ; and delight was this fair picture
•¦pattitedT . So. will he find solace and
\; dilisht In it for him and for his fam-
. -ily arid for all the guests of his home;
... afrd* happy- memories will it bring to
• hjri 'through all the years to come.
'-. Tha-t. Is what we wish, and so with ac
" v ctarjiati/bns we unveil our picture and
••gJVe k to our friend. Rufus Peter Jen
'•ninss, -and our hearts' best wishes go
_;. with. It,"
• "* .. Mt. Jennings was deeply impressed
. : byj the .beauty of the gift and the
7 friendship that prompted it. It was
• f «orse moments before he was able to
; . respondl He said:
. r -"'I ara so overwhelmed that it is at
. this moment extremely difficult for me
•¦ to : , express my gratitude. This beau
tiful "masterpiece will. I assure you,
>V « hertshed by me as long as I live.
1 )o\e the work of Keith. His paint-
Tng? have always been an inspiration
f" to rae; but, my fiends, while I am
"deeply.. impressed by the picture itself.
.'•Mb.at affecu me more is the sentiment
-••that 'accompanies it — the knowledge
' -thdt it has been given to me by you,
my AH I can say is. from
'•• "Ihe bottom of my heart, I thank you."
w Mr. Antron also briefly expressed
; ;hi» ihankjs for the souvenir given him.
Market Is Free Frdm Any
Pressure of Selling to
Procure 'Cash Besources
President; Wheeler then praised! the
public schools, . colleges and universi
ties of the State as being the foremost
Instruments in the development of cul
ture. He elaborated upon the number
of students that graduate from college*
every year, cultured and qualified , to
take up the responsibilities of life. He
further referred to several students In
particular that had graduated from the
University of California and are now
holding high positions 1n life. He was
also roundly applauded when he men
tioned the name of the late Frank Nor
rls. ¦ ¦ ¦- •¦ •.,
boat race at Oakland this afternoon,
and : while ¦ you, gentlemen, . were par
taking of; a; sumptuous repast at the
Palace Hotel I was eating pork and
beans on the, ferry : boat, therefore I
should be able to talk on culture." i£
departure.. from that system has al
ways been disastrous. In: the Central
Mississippi Valley, where I was born, I
learned the lessons of success In diver
sified farming as a farmer's son. \ I
saw around us large areas devoted to
wheat-growing, until the land wa* al
most worthless and Its production far
under a paying basis. I saw the farm
ers devote their entire acreage to the
production of one crop, continuously
and lose money, and in each and every
casft the result to the farmers' pocket
was disastrous, and to his land like
wise. . y.?r
"In California we have ,every soil
necessary to the production of all
the world knows as grown upon a
farm; the climatic conditions permit of
maturing any and every thing safely
and perfectly. The fault of man and
his improvidence or lack of thrift and
energy alone can be held responsible
for the failures which may have been
or may be."
STOCK PRICES
ARE SLUGGISH
CALIFORNIA PROMOTION COMMITTEE -'¦§
8 ENTERTAINS LEADERS OF INDUSTRY
Coatbined rrom Pace 39, Column 7.
¦T^.-SJ^ftE^NCISGQ:;:GALL ? SUNDAY;, MA Y>:i,M004v::
Democratic Convention in Manila.
':¦: MANIDA. , April ; 3O.-frThe, Insular
bemocratio Convention .has indorsed
the* administration' of Governor Luke
E. Wright ; and 'has selected delegates
to j attend the convention " at"' St; ' JLouls.
If has also; expressed' itself r in- favor
of : Territorial * torxa) of ."government
for the islands?,/ -
ROYAtTY SEALS DOOM
. . OF THE SIDESADDLE
British Princess Adopt* the Method
of Rid big Astride and Thus Seta ,
the Fashion. '
Sjecial Cablr to -The Call and New Ycrk Her
¦ aid. Gopyrfcht, '1904. by the New York
Ht raid Publishing Comrany.
HO NDON, 'April 30.— -The patronage
of royalty has been extended to the
method of riding' astride by, members
of the fair sex and that Is^ thought by
some'to mark the doom or sidesad
dles: . ; ; -
The royalty in .this case is young
Princess Victoria of Wales, who is be
ing taught to ride Jn the new, style.
The Princess!* costume " Includes a
kilted skirt ._ and a , double-breasted
reefer." .When 'she . is on ; horseback no
one would- know^she Was rrdrnir.ln the
hew fashion 'bur for the fact that th«
«Wrt--appear«-o» -both -aides - of ¦ th*
bony. "
', The next address was to have been de
livered by Fletcher A. Cutler on "Cali
fornia's Luipber Interests," but as he
was unavoidably absent, -the evening
was brought to a close with a brilliant
Epeech by Benjamin Ide Wheeler,"; who
spoke on the "Expansion of Culture in
California." In part . he said : \* t>
."It is late, and therefore. my. remarks
must be as brief as possible.. See, "the
midnight hour, has just struck, and
possibly the , carmen. (Laughter.) '.. I
have b«en called : upon, . gentlemen, - tp
talk on Expa,nsjbn^of_ Culture Tin
CaUfornia.' I acted "as a judge in a
President \Vlicelcr Closes the Prb-
Sramnic With Noteworthy Address.
42
AJ^YBRTISEUEXTTK.
NEXT SUXDATT CALL.
SEE THE .PItpTOGRAPHS OF
THE SOCIETY; MEET.
Rpcord , Breaking Autornoblling
in California. '
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
New Bathing Suits For 1904
Opening Exhibit and Sale = Monday and Tuesday
C "- .¦£-. \ (Third Floor Kearny St.) :*„".. . h(*crin
Heaps of pretty, serviceable Bathing Suits for Ladies, Gents, Girls and. Boys go on s^ 1 ""
ning Monday— a variety that no other house in San Francisco can show. Suits or Desi.rn^t.iw»,
made strictly up-Jo-date, will be offered at the Most Reasonable Prices :
LADIES' BATHING SUlTSof Serge, in ruvy or black, GIRLS' BATHING SUlTS-made In the newest styles,
with sailor collar, belt and skirt pret- *f%s A^^ all neatly trimmed-a great many to choose
tily trimmed with white braid; per suit $1.75 and $2.25 from at, per suit. .... .$1 50, $ 1. 75, J2.75^ana ?
LADIES' ALPACA SUITS'- an * endless variety In BOYS' BATHING SUlTS-welJ made. *«*$#?* zn «
black, navy or red, with sailor collars and braid serviceable-colors navy, black and «* "jw^ t\£0
trimmings, at... ....$2.50, $3.00, $3. 50 and $4.00 neatstripes at, per suit, 50.. 11.00 and .*£>
GENTS' BATHING SUITS-all colors, made in 2 AA BATHING CAPS. SHOES , to great £Tkg.
two parts. . . . . . . .Cotton, $1.00; Wool, per suit $3.00 Water Wings, 25c-of assistance when I earn In gto swim.
Important Sale, Monday and Tuesday, of
Exquisite Art Scarfs and Squares : .
' '¦ ¦ * iMi (S«co W l-FloorKear.y8t) ' . / ],~~,
Those handsome, imported Decorative Scarfs and Squares that hundreds have viewed witn aa-
mirationin our Art^Department, have been marked away below regular prices. They -.a;t-au ela-
borately worked by hand in cross stitch in the most beautiful designs, on white and colored canvas.
Here is some idea of prices bid and new: ...
Art Squares that were |i. 25. now 90c ; .Art Scarfs that were $2.65, now $ 1 .75
. Art Squares that were f i.75, now $ 1 .25 Art Scarfs that were $2.75, now $2.00
Art Squares that were $2.45. now $1.50 . Art Scarfs that were $3.25, now f 2.23
Art Squares that were $2.75. now $2.00 Art Scarfs that were $4.00, now $2.75 ,. .^X,
•'. - Art Squares that were $3.25, now $2.25 Art Scarfs that were <4-7S» now $3.^ 5
Silk; Gloves New Silks at 45c New Ribbons
• (first Floor Kearay St.) (Wt.t Floor Kearny St.) (Main AUte rearay St.) - .^
A new Importation just arrived We place' pn sale Monday (also Tuesday if quan- Just Received — New Taffeta
of those' excellent quality Silk tity lasts) a sp;dal purchase of over 2500 yards Ribbons, all silk. 4 Inches .wws.
Gloves', with double tipped fin- of Panne Liberty Silk*. They are the correct silks in white, cream, pink, blue.nile,
gers— a guarantee ticket in every for the 1904 Shirt Waist Suits, and come In a turquoise, navy, cardinal, Drown*
pair — black, white and colors, splendid variety of sm.ill, neat designs, In the most lilac and black — excellent qual-
Special at wanted colors. { Silks that sell reguiarly at 75c, Ity and splendid value at - -
50c Pair Sale. Price, 45c Yard 20c Yard • *
New Draperies For Country Homes 7
> ; , Exceptional Values, Monday and Tuesday . y ,:
¦¦'¦'•' ..'¦•'' . (Secaad Floor Sntter Street) *" ¦ '
BURLAPS-36 inches CRETONNES -36 ins. ROUMANIAN ClOTH ENGLISH LINENT4F-
wlde, best quality, in solid wide, soft finish — neat —36 inches wide; double FETA— 36 ins. wide, en-
green, delft; red, brown flower designs, on . light faced, Oriental patterns in tirely new effects, in tan
and tan, specially adapted color grounds; used exten- brown, green, red and blue grounds, with large hand-
for portieres; an excep- sively for curtains and bed — one of the prettiest rna- some'flora! designs!;' fine
tional value at "¦'¦ r> drapery; special at terbls ever shown at value at.
; ;l5c Yard ' r 17c Yard % 30c Yard 45c Yard:
Sale of Hand Bags, at $1.50
(Fir»t Hoor Suiter St.)
'. 'A great Bag purchase, secured at a liberal discount from a large manufacturer/goes an sale
Monday. "They are made of fine walrus leather, with flexible leather handles, in black, tan; and
brown — lined with moire silk— pockets inside contain cologne bottle, card case ':
and purse. $.2.50 would be a reasonable price for these handsome bags. Your choice,. <r 1 riy
while quan tity -lasts, to-morrow, at.. ......:. .1........ s>' -3U
Ladled Summer Neckwear: T s ? c^?^ ir^^ •¦'
• At .Greatly Reduced Prices. Ladies Waists at '-..-
• - — " *" " " ' (Fir<t PlbOf Ketrxy St.) - - .. - ~ I Third Floor Kearny St.* -,••.;
' For to-morrow some marvelous reductions have b;eh~ -So advantageous was this purchase of Waists that the
made In Ladies*" Neckweaf, comprising Washable Croats sale price don't covet the ctfst of materials.' They 4te made
and Ties," *lh white and colors, "in a great variety of plain of fine quality Madras and Piques, in the very latest stylf,
and embroidered effects— all reduced as follows: with new blouse front and large tull sleeves— some are in
'..*;. 25c to 50c Styles^ on sale at 1 5c ' r oeat stripes, others in fancy figured effects — ~
¦¦¦"'¦ 60c to 75c Styles, on sale at 35c on sale Monday, also Tuesday, if quantity QhP
' " .$1.00 to $1.75 Styles, on sale at 05c • lasts; at each. .......-¦.*'««-
I A;.a *C T^.^~**uZ MAIL ORDERS receivt prompt Attention. —SAMPLES S«at to Any Addrws. I ll
. |UUt-OplOW0-rOtKS p ur fj tw SUMMER CATALOGUE Milled FREE for thfAiVlnY • .„ |>
-. i-", . ¦ " . .^^^^
Prices lower than those, of any on* else
in this business. Net ~ onty . Uvat. oQt my
-work Is high grade. * I -depend upon a large
volume of. work' In order to- males a profit.
Here are a few figure?: "'-
.* DEVELOPIN&.
Roll of -«lx:.. ,..«-.....-.- 10c
KoU of twelve
- PniNTINTJ. •- . :
Sollo finish *-...^.^..i, »<.."'...... 3c to 5c
Vekix fialsjj ,..3c:to 6c
AH popular sizes, 'daylight loadlni films
mt my usual low pricea.' Cameras repaired
at rea»onal}letatea. M Kail. order* promptly
I W CARDS KS OUy
THAT MAN PJTTS
1008 Market Street* J%%&
mrzMais.jzzcow' I^S'-i*-' i£JMHH
atazz sax. <rsr- v9» •*^Rlla?y I
Jtovovzj> y^^ffZ'Jr I
: rrsr/foirT cm~s 1 ,. ' ¦ * 1
% 369 Sutler Street. W- *
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Awl all other raelal blemishes ar» removed b*
23-29. with th* electric needle, without pain 0*
¦car: permanency suaranUed; hour. 1 to 4 p^n!
NEWMAN * LEYlXSOy..OSSINING. N. Y., April 3O.--Sam
uel Parks, the, former walking dele
gate of the Structural Iron Workers'
Union of New 'York, '.is dying:: in .the
hospital at Sing Sing. : Prison. He is
suffering from tuberculosis. • . »y • :
Samnel Parks P}<nj» in Prison.
DENVER. Colo.. April 30.— W. M.
Wardjon. national orgranizer of • the
United Mine Workers of America, was
terribly beaten on the head and shoul
ders with revolvers by three unknown
men at Sargent, Colo., and lies in a
critical condition to-day at the Denver
and Rio Grande Railroad Hospital at
Salida.
Wardjon was traveling' eastward
from Crested Butte, where he had
been organizing the Colorado Fuel
and Iron Company's miners, and was
attacked in a car while the train was
standing at Sargent. He is ' suffering
from concussion of the brain and the
hospital physicians say his recovery
is doubtful.
Governor James H. Peabody Is de
clared to be a usurper in a lengthy
brief filed before the " Supreme Court
to-day by Attorney E. . F. '. Richardson
in the habeas corous case of Charles
H. Moyer, president of the Western
Federation of Miners, who is held as
a military prisoner at Telluride.
Governor Peabody is compared by
Richardson' to a soldier drunk with
power and his acts in trying to sus
pend the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus to the acts of tyranny practiced
on the people of England by the olden
kings. . .
Richardson, in his brief, attacks the
decision of the Supreme Court of Idaho
in a similar case and says it is the only
court in the country that has said that
the military was above ,the Judiciary.
He says that the decision does not fol
low precedent or common . sense and
that the Judges of the Supreme Court
of Colorado should not consider It
when deciding the present case.
The-. Legislature alone, ¦• Richardson
says,. has the authdrity. to ; determine
when the conditions require the eua
pension of the privilege: of habeas cor
pus and "then to* suspend it ... [% : i.
PUEBLO. Colo., April. 30.— Because
Charles. Demoljl, a former organizer" of
the United Mine Workers, failed -to ap
pear to-day as complaining witness
against Oreste Pagnlni, charged with
being the. ringleader of .a gang which
assaulted the Italian labor leader sev
eral weeks ago, the case 'was dismissed
by Justice McCalllp. Pagnini, _ how
ever, will be held on a complaint sworn
to -by William Gearhard, charging him
with assaulting Demolli with intent to
kill. Demolli Is in the coal fields of
Kansas and is in communication with
friends ' here. ' , . ¦ '_ . . . ...
National Organizer for the
United Mine Workers At
tacked While on a Train
UNION LEADER
IS ASSAULTED
TOPEKA. Kans.,* April 30. — J.' D.
Buckalew, third vice president, of the
International Association of Machin
ists, who Is in the city for the purpose
of adjusting the differences between
the Santa Fe and his association, had
a short conference to-day -with H. U.
Mudge, general manager of the road.
When asked if anything of .importance
had transpired during the conference,
Buckalew said: • -
"No, nothing of importance has oc
curred. The company and the men
are still as far from a settlement as
they were before any , talk . with
Mudge." . ...
With Santa' Fc Manager.
Futile Conference of .labor' Leader
NOT NEAR "AN AGREEMENT.
On the Santa Fe main lines in Ari
zona the action brought is entitled the
Atchison. Tcrpeka & Santa Fc Railroad
Company against Abbey and . others,
the defendants being striking machin
ists who have left their employment .at
The Needles. The local case is entitled
the Southern California Railway Com
pany against Alllnger. and others, i and
is in restraint of the men who arc out.
Both cases have been set for hearing
May 12. The restraining orders pro
hibit the defendants from interfering
in any manner with the representatives
or agents of the company in -'the move
ment or operationof its locomotiver,
trains or cars, or hindering or prevent
ing agents of plaintiff froni freely
moving or operating, its "trains, or any
of its rolling stock.
The defendants also are enjoined
from entering on the premises of plain
tiff, or upon any of its property, in
cluding trains and rolling stock, or in
any manner interfering with plain
tiff corporation in discharge of its du
ties as a • common carrier, also from
tampering with plaintiff's property, in
cluding tools, cars, engines and other
materials; and from threatening by
means of force or violence, or: by the
use of opprobrious epithets or means
of intimidation, whether upon or near
the premises of the -plaintiff to quit
the service of plalntiiff ..corporation.
Also from Inducing employes .of plain
tiff who may have a contract. of em
ployment; to quit their employment, or
to bj-eak their contracts in any manner.
LOS ANGELES, April SO.— United
States Judge Wellborn of the District
Court issued . an order this morhms
temporarily restraining the striking
Santa Fe machinists in Barstow,. Sau
Bernardino and The Needles from in
terfering with the new men employed
by the company in place of those Wh*S
have left their employment and enjoin
ing those on strike from hindering in
any manner the operation of the com
pany's train service, its machinery and
all other departments.
• The court declintd to interfere at
this _ time In cases where the strikers
may" seek to induce men to leave^thelr
employment with the Santa Fe, if such
leaving Is the result of persuasion. At
tempts to have the restraining order
cover this subject failed, although • it
was stated in court that when the
question comes up for hearing "on its
merits evidence along that line will be
considered.
Interference With the Work
of- the Santa Fe Company
Will Xot Be Tolerated
Among the raiiroads there is less dis
content than has ever been known be
fore at this time of the year, and; aside
from a possible tie-up "on the New
York, New Haven and Hartford,' the
machinery is running smoothly.
Industrial education,' a better under
standing and the application of arbi
tration and the joint-trade policy are
given as reasons for this increased
harmony. *.
NEW YORK, April SO.— According: to
statements made to The Call to-day,
this country is nearer to industrial
peace than on May 1 in any year since
organized labor assumed its present
importance. Within the last few weeks
the difficulty with miners of bitumin
ous coal has been settled and one of the
biggest strikes the world ever saw was
averted.
The condition in the steel and iron
industry, which threatened very seri
ous trouble, has been peacefully adjust
ed within the last week. The lithogra
phers' Quarrel with their- employers,
which kept 1 10,000 skilled workmen idle
for a month, has been settled and the
men are. all at work.
In New York City there is no trouble
In sight. With the recent settlement, of
the bricklayers' . and laborers' dispute
the strike fever seemed to subside and
employers in the building trades and
in most other branches of Industry are
looking forward to at least one year
of uninterrupted business.
Ihcie are but two points wh^'e
eirhor employers or_ union I'len are ex
pecting immediate trouble. A jjeuentf
ftrri-e of stieet car emp"o^«>a is threat
tiicd fn Sun Francisco and an uprising
of uiti'-n R&rrr.ent workers thronqheut
th--» ccur.rry against the open shop pol
i-y £d'»pic<l l;y the «j:nplcy«»'\s is" ex
pt-.cred. Already there have been
stiik'-rH and lockouts in t*iis branch in
ri:il:i«i<:}].H& and Roch':3tor. '-h;rr thn
ejap.'cyprs Lave practically gained the
victory '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
» .
San Francisco One of the
Cities Where Conditions
Are in a Disturbed State
» . .
EXCEPTIONS ARE FEW
Remarkable Era of Peace
in the industrial Centers
of the United States
Federal-Judge Restrains tlie
Striking Macliihists Erom
Opposing New ' Employes
PE0BLEMS INVOLVE LAW
COURT ISSUES
AN INJUNCTION
STRIKE FEVER
IS ABATING
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ALL,; SUNDA Y,--MAYv 1, : 1904.
43
SAILWAT T*ATtL. •
Mt. T am alpais Railway
Leaw . "' Urn ttuslili hnj 1 '"'¦; ArrivJ"^"
— rrandsefL ******** 8— Fraacs—
w««k *••¦; "^jjjjL^-" "I-*" TvwiTi
CMy*., <*yi- MSSfmWk: '¦ *fcy • d*ti..
•M«H«~iMMu « SBm I*ToTrnR«8
•ililr »:©Oa Wl SHS&9 I:3ftrt;*» r
»il*rlO:O*A wSSmSv .•:•«•• »:.io»
»?««^ :."Kr; '¦: \: I'Wrl «^» J
V.<r(Vi 1 6* M Aim St,( North Shwii lUilrtiir
•tUA- } and ">*us4_uio Fiutr, Foot M«tks> **4
COLUMBIANS'
TO-NIGHT •j«5£
The FOUR COHANS
• • In "RUNNING FOR OFFICE."
Iffinfe M O IN D /\ V
Flist Time in San Francisco.
Swiftest Fun Show on Earth.
KLAW and ERLANGER Present
The Greatest Drawing Stars In America.
qds d A nrD C
and B/ g g fl¥ JH ¦/
max llAlllERo
In John J. McNally's Latest Vaudeville Farce. '
"THE SOOESS BROS. TS LONDON." ,
'Meat Elaborate Vaudeville ' Farce Production
' ¦ '•- '• Ever Made.
110— ENTERTAINERS— 110.
CAST INCLUDES
Gus and Max Rorers.
Joseph Coyne. Lillian Colemah
. Lee Harrison, • Carrie Reynolds,
Melville Ellis. ' ' " Neva-Aymar
Geo. Austin Moore. Lottie Uart.
William J. Calc, Frances Tyson.
Jamea - Cherry. .. .William Torpey,
Harry Brown. - -Arthur Gibson.
"Laughing. Limit of the World."
• .
TJV/AI |6pb»v I
, ! I VULI house.
! ONL.Y.MATINEE- SATURDAY.
V TO-NIGHT— NEXT WEEK ONLT.
Grind taiMtraj Military
| -Revival • WlltlM Spectacular
I uf.ibe • ... . . . Comic
: - I johivivy L!zL,
| COMES MARCi1H\iC ""]
Mu.«!c I HOME |Book by
by Julian 1 - • • I SUnisIaos
EdwardsL ' ' Stange.
Popular' Prices. ....". 23c. BOe. 73c
¦ ¦¦ -. b ox an d Mezzanine Seats.- Jl.
Mondty. May O— "A RUNAWAY GIRL."**
• - GOOD- BY TO-NIGHT.
; . -. THIS IS, THE- CLOSING OF . I
¦CHOW=CHOW
LAST TWO. TIMES TO-DAT.
After 'That the House -Will Bs Closed lor the
!..'.'• Great Alterations.' . •
,, Will Reopen the Latter Part of Slay. .
>• Come arid see the funniest of all comedies
(• and thlsN "All-Star*.' cast. ¦ ' Their last appear-
i ance -to-night; RICHARD F. CARROLL.
; JOHN P. KENNEDY. BEN DILLON. ROY
: ALTON. -CARL, YOHOv*. HELEN RUSSELL.
NELLIE LYNCH.. ...... . •
! Come and say rood -by for a -time to the only
IV "- ¦*•'¦•- •-*¦ "chorus ever 'here.
RtSERYED -SEATS— Nights. 25c. 60c and
:7Sc' Sunday Matlneej, 23c -and fiOc Children
at Matinees. 10c. and 25c. • . , , . •
¦ .> OAKlvAXD A>fUSE>lEXTS.
... TS lOBEaTTr yjiAYHOUSE.
OAKLAN U' S NEW : THEATER.
* TO-NIGHT.. LAST- TIME. "
. JAMXS.KXHJC:
¦ •• la "a rAxiaiAu BOXAircs."
' 28o. Sec and «3c "Se« m»hop's Revolving Stigr%
i FMIT£D 7O^m^e,c0 1
LEAVES DAILY I
*t ft: 3O a. m^ through' la 3 d ay » fi
with diner and all trapping-*. B
Other Santa re Trains:
9 -GO a" S'l fcr Stocktcn . Fresso. BakersHeld
S-top.'mj Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:C0p. m. for Stockton.
S :00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and '.
Chicago.
TICKET OrriCES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. P. Also 1112 -Broad*
way. Oakland. CaL 27 South ririt St,
Saa Jcse.
CALIFOfixNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
Wl fR/.KCISCj /.Kj BiRTH PACIFY i
RAILWAY COBXFAVT. i
Tlburoa Perry. Poot of Market Street. !
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAW BATAEI..
WEEK DATS— 7:30. S:CO. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:"k5. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 5:&0, 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :30 p. m.
EVXDATa- 7:30. S:00. 0:30 11:00 a. m.- 1-00.
2:30. 3:10. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAPAEZ. TO SAN rEANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05. 6:50. 7:35, 7:50. 0:20
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:C0. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25
p. ro. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— €:&©, 7:35. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. r.:O0, 5:20. 6:25 7:50 p. m tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Ltave j In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. lt>04. | San Fran.
Week ! Pun- I Destlna- I Sun- J Wtfk
Days. 1 days. | Uon. . f days. (Days.
- -„ *:*>aj 7T45ai 7:45"a
S:Wa 8:30 aj Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:3<»p 2:30 pj 6:COp 6:20 p
6:10 pi 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
1 1 • gjgg ;
7:50a; 7:*X»aj 7:45a 7:45a
S:O0a;R:Crti» Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a !
2::jo p| J*:SOa 1 Petaluma 6:20p «:20p
8:10p t 2:«*0r! and 7:25 p 7:25 p
1 5:10 pi Santa Koea. 8:45 p j
7:30a; 7:30a 10:20 a 10:20 a '
•:W>ai R:»H)a Fulton. 7:25p 6:20p'
2:SOp! 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p '
i ! Windsor,
7:30a. 7:30a] 10:20a 10:20a
. ; ¦ Lytton,
2:30 pj 2:30 p GeyEenllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
i CloverdaJe.
7:30 t| 7:30a! Hopland 110:20 a|I0:20 a '¦¦
.2:S0p- 2:30 pj and L'klah. | 7:25 pj 7:25 p I
j~r j W1111U. j j
. :.>0 aj 7 :30 a t Sherwood. | 7:25 pf 7.25 p
8:00a! S:CO a| Guerneville and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p! 2:30 p! Camp VacaUon. | S:45 pj 6:20 p i
S:0Oaj S:COaj .• F:40a S:4Oa
5:l»p; K::»t Sonoma, «:00 p 6:20 p
j 5:10 pi Glen Ellen. 8:45 p '
7 :?0 a! 7 :30 a fl0^20 a110:2ol :
2: M pi 2:30 p_ SebastopoL | 7:25 pj 0:20 p ,
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for~\vhlt» !
sulphur Springs: at Fultojj for Alturla and
Mark West t-prinpi: at L>tton for Ljtton
Sprincs: at C-ej-sen-llIe for Skagits Spring; at
CloTtrdal»? for the Geysera, Booneville and
Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan Sprinrs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Sprlngrs. Soda Bay. Laictport and Bartlett
Springs; at L'klah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley'e, BuckneU's
Sachedrln Heights. Huilville, Orr's Hot
Spring*. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg
WKtpcrt, Csal: at Willlts for Fort Bragg!
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
vlllc, Cummlr.gE, Bell's Springs, Harris, OI-
sen*. Dyer, Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday' round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. t .
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
i^TOS TO SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
; *&W*®&Q&1 Viasau«alltorerry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric !
Depart from San Francisco Daily 7:00, 8:00
8:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45, 3:15, 4:15
&:15. «»:!"> 7:00. ts:45, 10:^0, 11:40 p. m. '
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily. 5:25. «::i5. 7:40. 8:S5. »:.•». li:O5 a . m..
12:20. 1:45. 2:35. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:45 8:45,
10:20 p. m. -• - ¦ : - - -
FROM MILL VALLEY TO FAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally. 5:45 .6:53. 7:52.' 8:53. 0:55
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15/ 4:05. 5:05, 0C5'
7:05 8:00, 10-35 p. m. .-. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. tn daily — Cazadero and way stations
5:13 p. tn. week days {Saturday excepted>—
Tomales and way stations.
i:i5 V- *a *»atuinja>» — C'( tadero 'and .way
stf-.tlon*.
Sundays only— 10 a. tn. Point Reyes and
way stations. •". -. . ,- . •
TICKET OFFICE— «6 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market et.
i^PATENTS^v
. ¦fjO'^^-^^?\ «*«»• toavrrlT»»t
U(J »«"^^S»tJZJ SAK FRANCISCO.
• V"^v jt— t Jtfl t*ou Ar*a 10. W0«.
¦ : ''*^^^C \ Z< <Foot of M»rket Street I
• !.-».»« - MAIN LINE. -Ag»tT«
' "* 7-CO* -V«c«Tiiie. Winter*. Bam»ef_ 7 50p
.• 7 PO* Bejilcia. Soircn. Elm'.rund Sacrs-
. • • .. iftui 7-20r
• 7458*. V»:> >o. K«pa. CallKocs, SanU
; . * * er-.'»i. \»»rt:B»z ?tn iUtcon 62Cr
»'7'-38a Nties. L'reraore. Tricy, Lathrop.
SibcktoB t 7-Mp
. "eXOi Slsasta EzpreM — (Via D»rl«i.
•• - • WiilUtnt <for D»rt:eu Spring*).
: '- Wr.lowi +rruto. Ked Uluff.
TorliMd. T«com«. Seattle 7-60r
(CS* D»T!i.*Tpo<:!»nd. Rniehta Lacding.
- ' Marysrll'.e. <>ro»lile 7-SOi 1
-. . <<3C* Port (. '-¦»"». Mart:n»z. AAtloch.
Byron. Tra'-y. Stockton. New-
ires. '-Los i'»:»i. Mend ota.
• • - «.r--.-Bn. llanfurd. Vital la,
fV>rvrr;::e ..'. 4.20»
-. t -3« Fort X.v'i.. L«:hr->p. Modesto,
» Mrrcert. Freiao. «jo»hcn Junc-
"liot. llattford. V!«a]!a. Okkert-
«eld _ 4.50-*
* t-ZZt Kile*. Can Jo«e. LlTermore. Stork-
. -. , . ion. (-Ul'ton). loar. Sucraoircta.
¦"¦ ' -• " Fi»<-erTriie. M«r; iT'.lle. C&lco,
'. Rr< Blof t 4-20*
* ZZ* <»*.s>i»>. Cli'riMo. .U»n«io»n. So-
-•V. nir«. Too'unifie and Angr'.i 4 20p
• SC3« Atlantic Kipr^»»— Offdra and £a«t. 11.20«
' $50* i:-':fen-.es<U Martinet aad ITaj
• • s»ta:'o?* 6 50*
'. -1C 00* ¦!'!!»¦ Orrriaad L':n!ted — Ufden.
. It<^»cr_Oaaha. Chicajo- 6-20p
• -10C0-* A>::'ej«. t2.20»
.TO X'3 *¦!-•¦•? An«*>i' Ptucipr — Port
. • : • 'lrf*va. Martirei. Ryma. Tracy.
.. # - , LatkrosC Siockion. Merced.
? "' liiyit.iiov Fresno, Go»h*n June- :
-*.• ' t)9n. Haofortl. Lesioore, Vltalla.
-. B«»t-r»f »'.rt. Lot Anc*>« 7-20'
-. .15XC* Bi) jrar«1. A !¦*¦ aa4 Way Statloai . 3.20-
. ITXKSr Riu-nin»-iiio Klvor 6teamen tit.OOr
l-Str tVfJieJat WlDt^*. Sacramento.
'..«• ".tJoodUud. KclKSti LandtiiK,
:, : '• -WaiTBrCtt. Ororilie aad way
. .-. • •»t»tloc» 10.50.
'¦ WCrv li»)warrf.Kllei«ndTr«y fiutlom.. 7-50r
'¦ . 8-SP'' r*<»rt Coeta. Marticz. Ujron,
" : . • Tricy. -Latbrop. Hoderto.
.;••* -'. • -Merced. Bcrruoa. Fretno.abd
Hay 6uttor.i ix-yosd Port Co«ta 1220r
• '-.S-XBr Iri'it-.tc VaUrjr. "oo- Wed, Krl. 3.20a
• 3 iCr Sifvn»-r.Trr y. fi"C»«.on. I.o4i... 10-20a
¦.¦.• 4 J!0* */•»<: t»«.l>»r. ::«rr.r>n. VatirJc.Nipa.
c .-,- *• Calt*t(3(tt. S»et« Bo*a S 20*
•. : 4rCP S:i«a. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.20r
'.''iZQr K%j m*.r-.. Kllei. lrrlsctoc San I *8.&0»
''J » J<x>*. LHeri»o'e J $11. 60*
.•'•"• tDQr Tb» Owl LlmUcd— Seta<i. Lo«
- " . iacm. Nrndut*. Freiao. Tnlare.
'- . ' .*B)*keri9e!4. LoeAnrelei 320*
'. t Btr. Xotl CotlK Tracy. Staciton I2-20p
. M I3r Ha.y*ard. V!:ei a^d Can Jo.* 7204
' • k.OOr Nay ward. Mies and San Joae S.iO*
¦.-•¦OOP Eaitera'Expri*!*— Ofdea. DeaTer.
iov.lt. St. Loola. Cblcaco and
• •• . • East. Tort Cmu, Brctcla. 8u!-
. ¦_' ' • »tc. EjBlra. Da-Tii. Cacramrnta,
. " - .' : Rocitjn. j» uborn. Colfax.
. '. '¦ '."jTjiy.kf ».' Sect, Iteae. Wad*-
• ' - . wo^ir, Wlcccmncca S-20'
; -*f.ffflr 5Ta!lejo.da!lT. except Sunday.... t TMa
• • 7,-COr. Valley SejjcaT only f iwr
' ' JSCf Mrhnond. feaa Pablo. Port Costa,
-•,; • -. KkrUae««>« Way Stations 11-20*
r t&lr Orefoa *> Ciltfern'a Ex*r*«a— Sa«-
< . * -„ -ranaeBto, Marytrllle. BedAlng,
. '- *' • rortnnd. raget Boaad and Kaat. 650*
- ' . $-TDr fisyward. N!!et aad Saa Joie ibua-
'.¦ • A»y©n!y) 4 11.S0*
;r COAST LINC (*»rr#« Uuri).
v ¦; - •;.. '•¦ (Toot ot Warkft Stree} )
?46* tvB.ct}Cro£.Exccrrioa(Sce.dayosly) l.ifir
. .'• *-1o* >>• «.rt, CeWHHle. 8»e Jote.
.' •' - ¦ FeitcB.- Eoolarr Creek. Banta
, •' . * - Crc> ted vr«y SuUni 6 Mr
\tz-tSr Krw»rk. Centcrrnie. San Joae,
"m • '¦¦ Kew Alzaadea. Lot Gato».fe:toa.
•¦••¦¦ K»q!der Cr*«k. 6asu Ores aad
.'••.'. - PrtndpelWay SUtloas +10 56*
• .¦ ' 4.Hr. Vewark. Saa Jeee. Loteatos an* I tl.BS *.
* way.st»aoB« )J10oS*
I MJA KLAND HARBOR FERRY.
.. Crest tiJfHA.NCISUJ, f e»t or Market St. <Stl*1i
. f-.~ri:tf *->x liiMiji. 1 00 300 6.16 p.m.
. /rem OAHLAVD. Foot of Broadway — t«:(W «:O>
: -. . -H:es -10:0a a.m. 1208 g-CO 4-00 T.u.
*"" COAST LIME <Rrc« UaareV
• ty* XI bird aad Tainted Straeta.)
¦* -Vfi. 1IU- feai J»tr aad w«j Statlena. 6 33*
.;7tC> £»» Jorr »nZ V«y si*t!oBt S-40P
' . 7-lS*v<4toBterey asd Santa Croi Eicnr-
• t •• j!pti.(fecn<3»T only) 10-30p
• . I.Ki Kew A^mtdea f Tun., frld., only), 4.10'
¦'.„•• OTa Toe CoMtrr— Slope onlry Saa Joae.
" *"" *• ' .-Gtlrcy rconsectlen for Eollts-
'. f « " . teVK f aJsaV-. Ceatrorllle (coa-
. ¦'• „ . . ttectlea to and from Monterey
•' . ; .. ' and l*ac!fle GrsTe). toilaaa. Saa
-¦ -. '- -.Afab, : Pt,to Coblea. Santa Mar-
':¦'¦¦ • .- -K*L{lta.«aa Lol» QMifA. principal
. ' " atatioe'k thence Surf (connectloa
¦- ¦ •• • for Lomnoc). prtaclpal ctatlons
v. .„ ¦ thence Sanu B»rbart,.6ta Eoena-
- . ' ¦ ?(•Btora, Berbaet. Lo* Acg-elti. 10 4S'
' -.,lCt* Saa-'-Joae, Tres P:not, Ctpltola,
' ' . JSa'BtaCrniTac'icGroTe.Saltaaa.
'. . • ' • f>M Lci» Obit^o and rrladpai
.. v«r SutlMi 410r
:. CSOa S«a Je«» aad Way Etattoat 1.20r
<U0A.£acXa. Clara. t*n J/oie, Loa Gatoe .
* aad Way tut'oDt 7.30p
¦ i-SOr-Un Joae and Way EUtloas 8 36*
• € CCr-Dfk Moste r".i»r<aa— Satfta Clara,
'•'•.- ~ Saa Jeee, De| Monte. Mosterey,
* f aclte Grore (canaecU at Santa
¦ V ¦'', "e:«r», except bobciay, for Santa
' ,. ** Cros. Roolder Crck and Karrow
. . • * UfciiCtroistf) at tillfor. for flol-'
i'.ticr. Tre» Tino*. et Pajaro for
¦Vina Crui, at Cactrorllle for
...! Bailtaa 1215p
Z •*£&* Ties Pin* Waf Passenrw 10 4Sa
*4-30r Cad Way Stations 1&-00a
; '5CSf Sanu Clara, -»o Jose. Lei tiatoe,
ana rritc!p»l Way btadOEt (ex-
-• "cept Sunday) +S.00*
'• f5 Jt> isaaJoteaafiPrioclpalWayStatloni {840*
*. b<lr Ssraet •UstlftL— Kedwo- 4. Saa
* •aoae.Gllroy.Sallnai.PaaoKoblea,
6ao Lett Ublipo. Saau Barbara,
* • »*Lbe ABrr>.». ix-xic* El rasa,
• •' * Sew Orleans. Jifw * ork. Goo-
• sects at Pfcjtro for Santa Cruz
* *" *nd at CattrortiiA for Pacific
• '• GroTytad Way 6tatlona 7.10a
1S..1Sr S»uM»teo.Ber-»foTd.l)rlmoct.£an
' . Carlo*. Btdwiiot Fair Oaks.
" -/. ¦* llesla Park. Palo Alto t«.«t*A
•f'SQjT 6n Joie and Way statioBt 6-36*
, tilt T%\» Alto and Way Eutlocl 111.16a
ll.iO/ tiootb 6an FranclMaj. KUlbrae. Bur-
. . •llacMn*. fc»a M»u»">. Brlr.iont,.
* Saa Carlo*. !:«¦ d wood. F«!r Oa*ka,
Men'n gmrlt »nd J'alo Alto 9 45>-
«Ji-30r Mazteld. Moonuln Vl*«r. Sonny
, vale. Lawreace. 6aeta Clara and
••' f • f+m Tjoae t» <5i
* • A for Morning. P f jr"Aft«-r>ii«..r.
°TStii}dsy exempted. t Sunday only
' « featvrda? «aly.
{ iti !•• at all fi«t!oct en Sunday.
(jroaly tralB* sto{>r»<i at 'Valencia St. ioBtb*H>a&4
.«•(.: Id ».«.. T:OT) a. *_ 7::5 #BU U:8U> «.. S.Olr.K.
«:(• r. *. and l.-q>r. K.
WeeHy Gall $1.00 wrTear
CALIFORNIA
— TO-NXGHT — CSQS^
D The new" problem • play. S
I TOM'S I
I WEDDING I
I GIFT I
Bt D. T. CALLAHAN. . M
M««» powerful and soul in9pirin«T prob- H i
. lem play ever written.- • . , Hj
A story of Jlvorce. ¦ Mi
>«- JEXTRA ••¦•¦¦ 4
1- SEAT SALE , opens to-morrow;
morning at 9 o'clock for the one:
attraction all San Francisco, has.
been awaiting.
OUR i\EW MINISTER
The/ best play and the beat . com-
pany to visit the coaft this season.
THE. FAMOUS ALL-STAR CAST. ,
S9 Ernest Haetlngs, Joseph Conyers.
H Charles Stedman. John Barker. John
51 P. Brawn. Louis Fierce. Fred Mowsr. .
n Grant Foreman. W. C. Tann»r. Ger-
H trurie Perry. Clara * Ralnford, Phl!u .
I OPENING NIGHT NEXT SUNDAY.
W Only one more week -to- wp.lt. -but.
H you' roar -secure your seats early, and
fj^ avoid the crowd*. > : . -. j
. , KATXHES TO-DAT— TO-SrXCJSIT
POSi TIVlL Y LAS . i tip FEhFQH*}ANCES
KOLD AKD DILL ,:'¦''". '*':'. %^z'\^l: :*.U
BARNEY 33EK2IAE3 ' , ~}zi
i • .» wrw*p*r*PTri ft blass
M£.VZ> AlOSSft -
- . ... HO PE * ASO BMSESOH
WHIRL-I-GIG
And BIG-LITTLE PRINCESS
TO-K0BK0WSXOST;
Melbourne MacDoweli
•?LilTiaSCA
• /POPULAR PRICES-^15c. 25c. 80c, 7Sc.: - '
• : ¦ y-r' I x '_ ¦. MADAME. :' [ l-^-'~-- •','¦
ij'istsdbr Mr. Rudolph 1 6an2,' Pianrsi ; ;
Nsxt^teiiay- Mght, ; Way -5til
( SEATS |»* "AND 12.'. BOX? 6EATS-*$3.50
; ¦•,.-.:- AT 8HTSRMAN.;CLAY ! :&.CO.*8.?. ; -.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE. ' ;
HEilODELED ASu KKiJUILT at expense
o( $2B0.U0O— New Management— KNTIKELV
F1KKPKOOF.
LOCATION— Very ' accessible to ' street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several Drivate rooms In antique decoration*.
Turkish Baths In -Hotel. .. .. : . ...
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. D« Stel.
t;er, - Chef, f crmerljr of Waldorf-Astoria ' and
Chef to Prince of Wales. '
HOTEL ORCHESTRA. Telephone Connec-
tions In every room; 'long distance connection*
made with any part of the coast
Wire for reservations, at our expense.
- HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. With.
Pa.fltt* DON'T fA ? t To!
« COURT Lou&king
/infl • ' ' ' roMn. the EMPIRE
auu parlor,, th«
r j PALM ROOM, tht
llf/inil LOUIS XV PAR. •
ui ana LOK and the jj^
a A 1* DI ES* WRITING
Hotels sop*- ;
¦ AMUSEMENTk i : . ' ¦ ..
¦ A T /T A HF A : T"V BeUsooft Mayer
ALCAZAR E p T rt^e
_ '_ V General Manager.
SOUA'ENIR MATINEE TO-DAT. .
j LAST PERFORMANCE '.TO-NIGHT.
I THE GREAT COMEDT SUCCESS.
ThefolewCSown
'.'The funniest thing In many a week." — Ex-
-Evg., iic to 7*3c; Mats. Sat. & Sun., 25c* to 50c
. -TO-MORROW NIGHT— ONE WEEK.*,
ARTHUR, W. PINERO'S DRAMA.
ThE PROFLIGATE :
first 'time at the alcazar. .'.•'. .
" ¦ ' : mXt" o-Ithe" funny comedt; ' '
\;..'> : "the two- schools.^ . " : ,;
Market 8t., • Near . Eighth. 'Phone ¦ South ¦ 633.
MATINEE TO-DAT— TO-NIGHtI LAST VTIME
'' " ¦ - Of *. the.' TTemendous * Sensational •* Hit,**': " ¦ V
THE STiy.
'ro-morrow Nisht— All Next .Week,
. , The, Celebrated; »rama,- ¦ , , :
DR^ JtKYLt * NO MR. HYDE.
I1ERSCHEL'. MAYALL '. In . the Famous 1 Dual
-.-,. .,- »^- \ - -.Role.; 1 ;....¦¦.¦ ?-•-.....«.:...
First Appearance oi JAMES .'H. , MONTQOM-
,;¦'., ' EKV % and ..OLIVE O. SKINNER. . [
jijiiriJC rEvetiinja.' . .V. . I'.;. . . . ,Y. ..lOci to' SO?
1 ft I vL J f Maticcts.'. .". .•. . ;.::'. ICc'lCc and 23c
HOTELS AND RESO RTS.
aBBKffKQBBBaBanaBaHHHHHmcaBBascGsaazaaHsnnBHaa
g THE CIRCUS BEAUTIFUL ¦
g , This. Afternoon and N'ght |
¦ . * - - Ccntihuing for Eight \ Days a
\ At Corner 11th and MarKct Streets. 1
¦ .•¦- ¦ - -¦¦ ¦¦- - ¦ •-^— li-I-, •' : g
¦ •¦'••> ' ¦ ' o
S Go see DIAVOLO loop the gap, and a number of other star g
B features. ' . • . . * gj
¦ ADMISSION Adults 50c; Children 25c. I
¦ . Tents perfectly waterproof. n
B — - . . ¦
¦ ' — — —^— — — .—^_— »_ —
a DR. GRETH'S AIRSHIP now on exhibition before making its ?
H flight over the city. %. g
AJSUSEMENTa
\\ Week CosuneBcJajr TKXS ATTES- \
,, HOO3T. May 1. ,
A BIG NEW SHOW!
, , Ensaeement Extraordllaary of
: DAVIS, MACAULEY and
I; iCompanv
1 1 Preceatlns "PALS." aa Eplsods in On* , ,
,, Act, by EDMUND DAY. ,,
k Direct from T&elr Australian Triumph*. . ¦
1 m. f. mmm trio
| Tbe Celebrated Parisian Minstrel*.
! SISTERS GASCH ?
? Phenomenal Equilibrists. "Who Begin T
• Where Other Athletes Leave OS.
1 HAL MERRITT
* In His Poster Girl Monoloru*. , ,
* BUSSSZ.X. STT!TiT.A !!
| BRANOOW AND WILEY |
, , Colored Singers and Grotesque Dancer*.
| =5==aB3— »
I Retained for One More Week, -by Unl- ?
, versa! Request. ?
i WILFRED CLARKE !
? WITH BIS COMPAXTT
* Presenting His Adaptation from the I
I French. "NO MORE TROUBLE." J
r LA PETITE ADELAIDE j
x -. The Daintiest Dancer on tha Stage. \
\ Orpheum Motion Pictures ;
*i» Showing;, the Latest Novelties. *
? Second and Last Week of the Bis Gun, "
1 LEW SULLY
t "President of the Laugh Trust."* In aa !|
• . Entire Change of Specialty. ( (
? Rerular Matinees Every Wednesday. ?
? Thursday. Saturday and Sunday. Prices •
» 10c, 23c and 50c. «
t ?
UNION
'p.j.bhiit: j*az.
JAS. 7. OSACE.... SUpper
• :^
| TO-DAY, SUNDAY, MAY 1st.
GRAND NATIONAL
CHAMPION STAKE
Tblrd Contest — Best Three io Fiia.
RICHARDANTON vs. BARGE
ALSO
CLASSIC RESERVE STAKE
64— -Nominations — 64
PURSE jpJIjUU PPBSE
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 19:15.
111:30. 1 and 1:30; Twenty -fifth and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Retornlng at 4:43
p m. and after the last cours*. San SCatta
electric cars every four minutes during the day.
' High-Class Speciatiiss Eiary Attaraooa anil
Ewnlns In th3 Tbsater.
OTVES STOWB aad DUMOJTD: BOWBIM
Love: mildred MAiranNO and nxw,
MOVING PICTURES.
TO-DAT AND TO-MOIUUJW J
MAY DAY FESTIVAL
And ELECTRIC MAT POLB DAVOIt ]
AMATEUR 3J1OHT THURSDAT. A i»* J'
Admission. 10o> ChUdrea. Ba. j
Pare Food
Industrial
Exposition
MECHANICS' PAVILION
APRIL 30 ts MAY 15.
CONCERTS DAT AND NIGHT BT S*M
NETTS CONCERT BANP. _
SOUVENIR FANS TO ALL CHTTil in tdX.
Racingip^^RaQDgl
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
VETW CALITOBNIA JOCKJU1 CLU3.
HaclnE each week day. »*» «r aaftJ*. «oejpf
Monday. May 2^\»"* •**• t * aa "
day. May 7. , _^
Six or More Kaces Daily.
¦rjic<« commence at' 2:13 p. m. saar*.
Sa"®a«aj?«a*una
W Ke1urnln* trains leave track at 4:10 a^
PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO $&£,
BY AUTOMOBILE «^^pfes
SIOBXZ.S CASSIAaS CO.
GOLDEN GATB/AVE. and GOUOH BT.
Phon* Private Exch»n»» Tja
Downtown offices-Court Palac* Hottl; Ufcta
«* PVancl* Hotel; Looby oT OeeMsaUi Hatal
.
EJLTLWi^Y TfiJLVEL.
I0EfiaEBEE2EEHHHD^5EBeEBEHffE£ESSBEEE5EEEHEEBH
r.0rv Goods '*^^^^ ; Comnanv. s
WASH DRESS FABRICS!]
Korel and distinct features for Spring and Summer g
at most inviting prices. g
.IMPORTED COLORED EMBROIDERED SWISSES -For totsscs, in the |
: latest designs. a
FRENCH PRINTED ORGANDIES- Very choice for dresses. a
AMERICAN GALATEA— FcH as- [I PRINTED UWN-The best qaal- g
sortment of styles and *r ity in neat and stnnmery *r g
-..colors, yard :.... >0C patterns, yard >^C ¦
REAL JAPANESE CREPE -Soft PLAIN BLUE UNEN-36 Inches g
and dainty, special «*j~ wide, in the popular r* m
" graici yard /jC shades, yard OUC g
THTORTEDO)U)iOFREN(BUNENSUrmGS-TheUt«tnovdties. g
)'"-'- ; IRISH DIMITIES— A great variety in all grades. g
::: :' --linen department— I
We. carry a foil fine of the different makes of White linens for g
¦ \ . • making waists and suits. . g
•CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, §
• * V " ' Ceirj acd Stocktca Streets, UnJca Squire. a
FBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBKBBBBBBBBBBBB
AEVESTISEMZNTS.
ASraSEHZKTS.
AL VEHTISEMENTS.
SAIX.WAY XBAVEI*
BI :./.-:',_-::. 'L. --. X- ,..-.. . • L. ....:....:.. '.__..-.- .'... ".,.„.. . ..... .:;"".¦-. .".¦
I • eXTRAORDINARY I
I GOT RATE PRICES I
I BARGAINS FOR MAY ¦
H. .Only four weeks left -to us to dispose of our spring nov- q
¦j elties. An unusual opportunity to purchase the newest style ¦
H garments at a great saving of money. Not alone the lowest g
M prices, but garments of better . quality material and better B
a workmanship than anywhere. * ':-••' §
| TAILOR SUITS JACKETS AND SKIRTS ¦
g $20.00 Novelty Suits. 0 1 f: $J0.00 Light Tan Box Coats, S
¦ CUT RATE...... ¦¦...-.OlO. sattn'Hncd. O7 Xfl a
§ T . . . ¦ .. ¦• w , T *.£ CUTRATE .cfiUU"
g Lig'ht gray, light tan Tsovclty - T - 1t ~ » , . ¦ . '. £
B Eton Suits with or without Novelty Coats, loose back, satin ¦
g capes, plain and trimmed; Kill fc^i^gg^i^ 1 now at CUT 5
fi newest cu' skirts RATE PRICES a
g newest cu. skirts. ? ( . g
S $2500 Novelty Mixture and u O< ' IU f Oil, 5JZiOU |
g Fancy CamersHair Suits, hand- $ia00 Silk Blouse, lace trim- g
B somely trimmed. tfl7 £ft msd. €'7 Ci\ B
a CUTRATE .01 fiOU CERATE M-50 g
g $35.09 High Grade Venetian Corset Coats C 1 1 CJO Cfl B
9. and Broadcloth Suits exquisitely >*•••• € 1 1 f U I -4 1 J U j g
5j trimmed, colors black', navy, CMC f\f\ C|7Rn COfi i
S green and garnet. -OIJiUUj CiliuUi OZU 2
¦ CUT RATE WO SKIRTS g
g $42.00 High-Novelty Suits, i'J^iJ^^^^liBSlg
B fancy crep 2 effect, collarless •§} «-»|g g ; ; ; ;;;:;;; Jg-gg g
|2Sp ATC -yVJ M\\ ttaxInedndSlk Skirts g
| CUT RATE. . . . . C JZ.JU at cut rate prices n
| J230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. g
HHauBBaBHaiaraBBafH.iBgiHBiapBHBta*ggBgaaanBBHiiBnB«HaP. M. Fisher WiU Speak.'
NEW YORK, April 30.— The fol
lowing Calif ornians are in New York:
From San Francisco— C. J. Armstrong,
at ; the Mortimer; J. B. Bentley/and
wlfei. at the Navarre; Mrs. Geclal, at
the .'Grand; P. Gutzert and wife, the
Misses Malfanti, J. Malfanti Jr. . and
J. Malfanti and .wife, at the Belvedere;
Miss Elwall, at the, Grand; H. L.
Curtis, at the Everett; Mrs. G. A.
Flelssner and Mrs. C. F. Richards, at
the Park Avenue, and-.T.'-Vogt, at the
Belvedere. .
From San Jose— E. O. Piper, at the
Imperial.
From Los Angeles— <!. B. Jones and
wife, G. Holtuloft Jr. and R. S. Selbert,
at the Hoffman. SSSI
Calif ornians in Nnr York.
ALAMEDA. April 30. -~ Another
club, founded on lines similar to those
of the Unitarian Club, has been or
ganized by a number of gentlemen
connected with 'Christ Episcopal
Church and others. The new organi
zation will hold its- first meeting on
May 17 in Guild Hall, when the sub
ject of general . discussion will be
"Alameda." The 'officers of the club
are: President, C. L. Tlsdale; vice
president, F. R.. Zlel; secretary, .N. J.
Manson; executive committee— Rev.
W. N. Guthrle, W. H. Fieldhouse, J.
D. Langhorne. . .. ,
Church Club OrRanizes. r
No Successor Appointed.
OAKLAND. April 30.— Mayor Olney
fc'as announced that he will not ap
point a successor to Street Inspector
Demon, whose resignation has been
esked for and received. The resigna
tlbn Trill take effect to-morrow.
BROUGHT IX A DCTNG
CONDITION TO HOTEL
Commercial Traveler Probably Vic
tim -of Thus? in the City
• • of Grand Rapids.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich.. April 30. —
*C. O. Webster, traveling agent for a
' Philadelphia firm, died to-day under
mysterious circumstances and It is be
"lieved. he r was murdered. Webster
was brought to the Hotel Pantland
at midnight in & dazed condition by a
cira^ser, who explained that he had
fallen downstairs in a downtown
block. Later Webster was removed to
a hospital, where he died without re
gaining consciousness. Between 5800
and $400 which he carried was miss
ing.
Celebrates Twentieth Anniversary.
OAKLA3CD. April 30.— The mem
bers of the local lodge of German Odd
Fellpws celebrated last night the twen
tieth anniversary of the organization
of 'the iodge. A banquet was held at
Gle'rSa Hs.ll. Covers were laid for 200
iruests. The lodge was organized
Apxil 28,. IE 84, with twelve charter
members.
Dr. Nathaniel Green of Watsonville
is at the Grand.
M. E. Dittmar, a publisher of Red
ding, is at the Grand.
, T. R. Newberry, a grocer of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
J. G. Roberts, a well-known banker
of Madera. is at the Palace. "
Professor J. E. Stubbs of the Ne
vada State University is down from
Reno ajid registered at the Palace.
W. A. M. Burden of New York and
his bride of a few weeks, who have
been journeying'leisurely Westward in
a private car, arrived here yesterday
and are staying at the Palace.
PERSONAL.
OAKLAND. April 30.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk to-day: John M. An
derson, 25, and Ellen M. Sorensen,
19. both of Oakland; Claude M. Han
son, over 21, and Josephine D. Paul,
over 18, both of Oakland; James
Orchlson. over 21, and Maggie Cuth
bert, over 18, both of Oakland; Jose
S. Ameral, 22, and Maria da Silva
Garica, 25, both of San Lorenzo;
Henry W. H. Kulke, over 21, Ala
meda, and Ena M. Potter, over 18,
San Francisco; James P. Fitzgerald,
34, and Lilly Fowler, 24, both of Oak
land; Astorre Lombard!, 31, and
Virginia Nieri, 25, both of Oakland;
George S. Lackie, over 21, and Ger
aldine Scupham, over 18, both of Oak
land; Jesse T. Dewey, 23, and Cora M.
Harris, 19. both of Oakland: Achilles
J. Mazzlni, 24, and Anna VIcava, 19,
both of San Francisco.
3Iarriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, April 30.— The mem
bers of the slnor class of Mills Col
lege presented a farce comedy, en
titled "The Education of an Actress,"
last night at Lisser. Hall. The piece
was written by Miss Ceta Bennett,
who appeared in the title role. The
cast included: Miss Violet Brown,
Miss Mildred Blake, Miss H. Bishop,
Miss Edna Bradley,. Miss Anita Boone,
Miss Margaret Bo wen. Miss Hortense
Burgess, Miss G._ Cluff, Miss Ruth
Cooke, Miss W. Coombs, Miss Ruth
Dodge, Miss Helen Hadley, Miss Hazel
Hill, Miss Rita Kahn, Miss C. McKay,
Miss Anna Munger,- Miss Alice Main
hart, Miss Gladys Tarry, Miss Merrill
Rice, Miss L. Sanford and Miss • R.
Worthing. ;:
College Girls Present Farce.
Chapman will be cast as Margaret
. .Ruthven.- EjTecial attention has been
. given to the scenery and stage set
tings. • ,•:¦:» "¦-
•Comedy Made Famous by Nat Good
i -V * win WiU Be Seen at Ye
"- . Liberty Theater.
.OAKLAND. April 30.— "A Gilded
the popular comedy in which
Nat* Goodwin scored his first great
Eucc.efes, will be presented at the Lib
erty Theater next week by the Neill
• Company and with the splendid facili
ties of the new theater the play should
have a most successful run. The plot
is one that' appeals strongly to the
Average theater-goer and the char
. a'eters are such as enable the members
' of the company presenting it to ap
.pear at their best.
• James Neill will appear in the title
role»as Chauncey Short, and Edythe
NKILL COMPANY WILL
•*. . 'PR.EJ5ENT "A GILDED FOOL"
Among those that will speak on be
half of the clergy are Rev. C. R.
Brown, Rev. E. E. Baker. Rev. C. T.
Walkley, Rev. H. J. Vosburgh and
Rabbi Friedlander. On behalf of the
young business men brief addresses
will be made by A. L. Adams, Irving
C. Lewis and Frank Trower. Short
speeches will also be made by several
members of the association.
A number of the members of the
local lodge of Elks are planning to
present Mrs. Ada Van Pelt's comedy,
"The Crossroads Skule," at the Mac
donough Theater on Thursday even
ing, May 12. A portion of the pro
ceeds of the entertainment will be
donated to the Young Men's- Christian
Association.
OAKLAND. April 30. — The Young
Men's Christian Association will take
leave of its old home at Twelfth and
Clay streets at a farewell meeting,
which will be held at 3:30 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. A number of
prominent clergymen will speak. An
excellent musical programme has been
arranged, including a double male
quartet, led by E. D. Crandall; con
tralto solo by Miss Ruth Waterman,
and selections by the association or
chestra.
Members of Young 3Icn*s Cliristian
Association to Hold Meeting
This Afternoon.
WTLIi BID FAREWELL
TO THEIR OLD QUARTERS
For many years Mr. Britton has
shown Company A many favors. ,. At
their annual ball, which is the biggest
military event In the State, Mr. Brit
ton has given special arrangements
for lighting, and this has been done
year after year with the greatest con
sideration. The boys of the military
company determined to show their ap
preciation of Mr. Britton's efforts and
arranged this evening's programme
entirely in his honor.
Captain Hunt presided at the ban
quet and a special committee, with
former Lieutenant Walter J. Pe,tersen
at the head, escorted Mr. Britton from
the .Athenian Club tb" the armory of
the company. There a silver loving
cup was presented to him, ' former
Lie tenant Petersen making the pres
entation address. < Mr. Britton made
a pleasing reply, the gift. being a com
plete surprise to him.
OAKLAND, April 30. — Company A,
Fifth Regiment, National Guard of
California, gave a banquet to-night in
honor of John A. Britton, for many
years president of the Oakland Gas,
Light and Heat Company and now
general manager of the Central . Cal
ifornia Gas and' Electric Corporation
that has absorbed the Oakland com
pany.
Company A Gives a Banquet in His
Honor and Recognizes His
Many Favors. "*
NATIONAL GUARD PRESENTS
, CUP TO JOHN A. BRITTON
The trouble between the master bak
ers was conditionally settled last night.
The bosses yielded under protest to the
demands of the men. The agreement
was that the men get $2 a week addi
tional wages, nine hours to constitute
a day's work and with two days off
in the year ¦with full wages. The em
ployers state that the conditions are
forced. There is no limit set for the
time the agreement is to remain In
force.
Reports furnished by State Organizer
J. C. Wheeler show the following as
sociations affiliating with the State
Federation of Labor: Fishermen's Pro
tective of San Diego, the Boxmakers*,
the Street Car Employes' and the
Cooks* and Waiters* "\of San Jose, the
Boxmakers' and Sawyers' and the Cloth
Hat and Cap Makers', and the Wo
man's Label League of San Francisco.
The Mailers' Union at a meeting last
nlghj. elected the following officers:
' President, E. L. Bangs; vice presi
dent, , A. F. O'Neill; secretary, J. B.
Reighley Jr.; treasurer, W. H. Parker;
sergeant at arms, C. E. Parker; execu
tive committee — J. F.- Garvey and H.
Schutter; delegates to Allied Printing
Trades— J. B. Reighley Jr., J. F. Hast
ings and R. M. Hearon; delegate to
Labor Council, J. G. Boyne.
The Cigarmakers' Union gave an en
tertainment last night at Turn Vereln
Hall.
The American Federation of Labor,
issued a circular showing that on
April 1 there was $101,754 20 in the
treasury.
Submit Temporarily to the Terms Of
. • fered by Their Employes.
MASTER BAKERS GIVE WAY.
tiordincr- Mitchell Company, Successor
- u> Torrey, Whitman & Gardiner,
.. " Buys Out W. P. Wheeler.
OAKLAND. April 30. — Supervisor
'John Mitchell has purchased the in
teVest of James M. Torrey of the firm
Tof Torrey & Gardiner, formerly Tor
«?'. Whitman & Gardiner, and the
new firna, under the name of the Gar
diner-Mitchell Company, has pur
chased the grocery business of W. P.
" Wheeler, who •' for many years has
. ljeen.-iocated on Telegraph avenue, just
a'bqve Fourteenth street.
'• The new firm will close the old
Store of Torrey & Gardiner, on Elev
enth street, and will conduct their
* business in the store formerly occu
pied by Wheeler, which has been re
•*mt.ed arid- enlarged to accommodate
the business of the two firms, which
x\ ill hereafter be ' concentrated at the
new store. The firm of Torrey, Whit
.man & Gardiner was one of the oldest
grocery firms in this city, having been
• established more than twenty-five
-years.- ago. and William P. Wheeler
-•began- business about the same time.
Trie new firm has already begun busi
ness. ' / IT. '.'
"old time grocery
FIRMS CONSOLIDATED
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 30. .
Driven to • desperation by the fact
that her infant child had been taken
from herjyustody, Margaret Smith, who
is serving a term In the City Prison for
drunkenness, made an attempt to end
her life this morning by drawing a
heavy cloth tight about* her throat.
This is the fifth attempt at suicide the
unfortunate woman has made in the
last four months, and after being re
vived thia morning she declared that
she would put an end to her existence
at the first opportunity.
The woman was found drunk on the
street two weeks ago," and it being dis
covered that she had abandoned her
three-month-old child it was taken
from her and placed in the custody of
the Associated Charities. Last night
she was again arrested in a drunken
condition, and this morning, shortly
after breakfast, she made her fifth at
tempt at suicide.
The jailer* discovered the woman in
an unconscious condition and called
Health Officer von Adelung, who suc
ceeded in saving her life.
YALE STUDENTS FIGHT
A DUEL WITH FISTS
Footljall Players Use Nature's Weap
ons in Adjusting a Personal
Quarrel.
NEW. HAVEN. Conn., April 30.— In a
secluded spot on the shore of Lake
Whitney, this afternoon, two Yale stu
dents, John XV. C. Leavenworth and
Samuel Alderman, settled a personal
difference with the weapons that na
ture provided. They .pummeled each
other with their fists for twelve min
utes until one of them was forced to
cry quits. All who know of the affair
were to-night trying to hush it up, but
Yale is enjoying a hearty laugh, for
both men are well known.
Alderman has played football. He is
a law student and has aspired to the
middle-weight wrestling championship
of Yale. Leavenworth is a . football
player also, and was halfback and cap
tain of his class team two. years ago.
Leavenworth's. rude'greeting while
Alderman was walking ' with ladies
caused the difficulty. Alderman in
vited Leavenworth to try conclusions
in a physical combat : on the green
across the street. Leavenworth de
murred on the ground that the place
was too public, but offered to meet
Alderman next day.
Promptly at D o'clock this morning
Alderman, with two seconds, whose
names are said to be Anderson and
Eastman, and also a bartender from
the hotel, met Leavenworth and three
student friends.
They agreed to take an early after
noon car for Lake Whitney. They did
so, Alderman and his seconds in .one
end of the car and Leavenworth and
his friends in the other.
Arriving at Lake Whitney, a well
shaded spot out of sight of the high
way was found and there the contest
took place. : ¦ .
Twelve minutes of strenuous give
and take was all that Alderman was
able to stand. At the end of that
period he was "all in." It is said that
Leavenworth magnanimously, refused
to continue. When his opponent in ut
ter weariness sat down, he assisted Al
derman to his feet. Moreover, he of
fered Alderman his hand in friendship.
KILKENNY'S HEARTY
- GREETING TO EDWARD
Thousands From the Surrounding
. Country Gather to Welcome
the King.
KILKENNY, Ireland, April 30. —
King Edward and Queen Alexandra,
having completed their visit to Dub
lin, arrived here to-day and had the
heartiest reception. The town was
filled with thousands of persons from
the surrounding country.
Replying to an address of the cor
poration, the King spoke of his grati
fication at the fact that his deep Inter
est in the Irish people was recognized.
Both the Queen and himself would re
joice to see Ireland take that place in
the industrial world which the intelli
gence and 'deftness of h'er people
amply qualified her to fill. If his visit
gave him better acquaintance with the
neds of the people and convinced them
of his kindly feelings, he would be
amply repaid.
BUILDING OPERATIONS
HEAVY '.'DURING APRIL
$2,101,488 and Surpass Those of
Any Previous Month.
Projected Improvements Aggregate
The Bureau of Buildings Issued per
mits during April for 220 new build
ings at an estimated cost of $1,937,856
and for, 72 alterations to old structures
costing $163,632. This represents an
aggregate , expenditure of $2,101,488
and surpasses any one month in the
history of the office for building opera
tions. -In' March the sum expended
was $1,507,000. .
.There were also 182 free -permits
issued where the expenditure was less
than S 500 in each case. There were
28 applications filed to tear down old
buildings , and :9 l to move buildings.
The fees .received .amounted' 'to
$2861.50.. • . --
The Southern Pacific Railway will
shortly change its local passenger
service between Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley from steam cars to
up-to-date, electric trains. Work is
already under way. Another bridge
Is being built across the north
arm of the estuary at First
street and a double track is to be laid
so as to make a twenty-minute ser
vice possible. This is the beginning, of
the change which' will only stop with
the conversion of >the entire system
from steam to electricity.
A number of prominent Southern Pa
cific railroad officials made a tour of in
spection, of the company's lines on this
side of the bay to-day. The purpose of
the visit, as given out, was to intro
duce C. H. Markham, the new general
manager, and Charles S. Fee, the new
passenger traffic manager, to the lines
and properties here. In the party, be
sides these two, were William Sproule,
freight traffic manager; W. S. Palmer,
division superintendent, and Al Baker,
assistant division superintendent. Be
sides showing Markham and Fee over
the ground, however, the changes and
benefits to be derived from them were
the chief subject of discussion.
By one of the members of the party
it was afterward stated that the
change to electricity was a matter of
course; that it was the;, only logical
thing to be done and that the plans
were being drawn up and perfected.
Further; it was stated that the change
would be complete. The new line will
not be an overhead trolley, but a mod
ern third rail road with heavy cars.
With- the inauguration of the twenty
minute service the trains which now
stop at Fruitvale will run on to Sather
and it is expected will give an impetus
to the building up of this section of
tha country. It is .expected that within
the year the changes talked of will
have become realities. v*'v
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April SO.
Three orders presented to County
Auditor Bacon for 'Constable Ed Weid
ler's April salary by different persons
has developed the fact that he has col
lected his month's pay three times in
advance while he already had it hy
pothecated up to July, 1906, to other
persons.
James P. Taylor, Sol Kahn and
Fred Porch each presented an order
for the Constable's April salary. They
were told that there were others ahead
of them. '
In the absence of Auditor Bacon to
day Chief Deputy Myron Widden made
the following statement: "Three .dif
ferent people have presented orders for
¦Weidler's April salary. James P. Tay
lor was in yesterday, and, drawing out
an order signed by Weidler for $150,
asked me if It was any good. I told
him that It was not, as the salary was
already hypothecated for two years in
advance, and I told him not to take
any more of them. He said he .would
look out for that.
"Sol Kahn was In the day before,
and I told him the same thing, and he
said: "Well. I give him just twenty
four hours to settle with me.' Fred
Porch, proprietor of the Macdonough
saloon, had another. v-y..'.
"¦Weidler's salary has been tied up
a lonur time by Attorney Ben Woolner
and Charl-s J.'Heeseman, while others
have been trying to get in on the
money, but find themselves shut out.
I have tried to tide him over his em
barrassment, but it has gone out of
my hands now. Last month it was
the same thing, and there were four
or five people with orders for his
March pay.
"While he only receives J1L0 a month
from the county, Weidler's fees bring
him in as much more. Still he has
been collecting money right and left,
and it is only a question of time before
he runs up against the wrong man."
The same story is told at the Treas
urer's office, and surprise is expressed
that Weidler has gone as long as he
has, for it is stated that this is no
new thing, and that people from every
part of the county have been taken
in in the same way.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April SO.
In speaking of the matter District
Attorney Allen said that at first glance
it looked to him as if Petray was en
titled to his salary, but he would not
cay positively until he had looked the
law up in the matter.
* Th* case is of interest to every
teacher in the State.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. . HIS Broadway. April SO.
The Question of whether a school
teacher is entitled to salary while ab
sent from echool en account of sick
nes* Is cne that has been passed up to
,the District Attorney for his opinion.
..n. C. -Petray, principal of the Hay
: wards School, was away from his du
ties for the entire month of last No
vember. The trustees— G. S. Langan,
A. J. Dean and J. A. Obermuller—de
cl<!ett to pay him his money for the
month, but the warrant was held up
by Superintendent Crawford, who
holds 'he Is not entitled to the salary-
P'etray has been several months trying
'\o collect the money, and the matter
has finally been passed up to District
Attorney Allen for his opinion. Craw
ford pays that if the District Attorney
so .orders he will pay Petray his war
rant. * .
Petray takes the ground that *no
county official would lose his salary if
be were absent from his office for the
eiftlre term. Employes of large firms
and corporations do not generally dock
th«*ir men for unavoidable absences on
account of the ills flesh is heir to. and
he. dees not see why the State should
enforce a cheaper method with Its
public school teachers.
Superintendent T. 0. Craw-
: -ford Passes the Question Up
• to" the- District Attorney
Vengeance Is Threatened by
the Men That Have Honor
ed His Worthless Orders
Woman Essays Self-Destruc
tion for the Fifth Time
Within Last Four Months
Officials Go Over Lines on
East Side of the Bay and
Inspect Proposed Changes
PLAN ABOUT PERFECTED
WARRANT WITHHELD
IS FOUND . UNCONSCIOUS
PAY TIED UP FOR YEAES
Southern! Pacific Preparing
to Put Down Third
Kail for Local Service
Constable Draws Salary Sev
eral Times in Advance
and Dupes Are. Clamoring
Margaret Smith, Despondent
Over Loss of Child, Makes
Attempt to End Her Life
Principal Petray of Hay
wards' Objects to Being
.Docket on Account Illness
BROCKTON, Mass., April 30. — Dan
iel S. Howard, a retired shoe' manu
facturer and considered. one or- the
wealthiest, men In New England, died
to-day, aged S5 years. ; ' "¦'•'
Death of Daniel S. Howard.
ALAMEDA, April 30.— Charles- Tal
bert Finley passed away last evening
at his home in Melrose after an Illness
of six months.- He was a native of
Wisconsin, aged 26 years, and was
well known in this city. He is sur
vived by a- wife and two children,
Claire E. and Lester J. Finley. \ The
funeral will be held from St. Eliza
beth's Church, Fruitvale, Monday
morning at 9: SO o'clock. Interment
will be in St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak
land. / ..
Demise of Charles T. Finley.
OAKLAND,.A.pril 30.— Calvin B, Mac-
Donald, a pioneer, editor and at one
time one of the most prominent Jour
nalists of the Pacific Coast, died -this
morning at the County Infirmary at
the age of 80 years. The deceased had
been in poor health for a number of
years, and entered the infirmary on
August 2, 1902. ' •¦ '¦,;>- <'- -¦>'«'
Calvin B. MacDonald was. born l:i
Pennsylvania, and came to California
during the rush of gold seekers to the
Pacific Coast. He first came into prom
inence as editor of the Mountain Mes
senger of Downieville, but after the
outbreak of the Civil War he became
an editorial writer on the American
Flag, then published in Sonora, Tu
olumne County, by McCarthy Broth
ers. • i* ''cl'^/rid'"*] •
. Soon after his advent as air' editor
of the American Flag that paper was
moved from Sonora to San Francisco,
and It was there that Mrl MacDonald
made his reputation as a writer of
forceful, patriotic editorials, his writ
ings gaining for him the nickname of
'•The Terrible Thunderer."
During the later years of his life he
was engaged on various papers on the
coast as an editorial writer, and while
thut\ engaged he made many bitter
attacks on. the Central Pacific. Rail
road, the California Bank of San Fran
cisco and other corporations.
Domestic troubles led him to dissi
pate heavily, and the closing years of
his life'. were spent in poverty. His last
home in Oakland was with Mrs. Sarah
Shields at. 608% Fifteenth street.
After his retirement from active
work as a journalist Mr. MacDonald de
livered a number of lectures, two of
which are well remembered in this
city. The subjects of these were "The
Massacre of Glencoe" and "Thirty
Years on the Border," the latter being
a history of his own experiences In Cal
ifornia and Oregon. \ \
The funeral will be held under the
auspices of the Oakland Press Club
on Monday or Tuesday afternoon.
ASKS FOR PAY
WHILE ABSENT
ERRING MOTHER
WANTS TO DIE
WEIDLER CUTS
A WIDE SWATH
WILL INSTALL
ELECTRIC CARS
FAMOUS WRITER
OF EARLY DAYS
JOINS MAJORITY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
HAWAIIAN NATIONAL GUARD
MAY GO OUT OF EXISTENCE
Governor Carter Recommends Dis
pensing With It So as to Cut Dorm
Government Expenses.
HONOLULU. April 30. — Consider
able discussion has be-en aroused by
the proposal to dispense entirely with
the Hawaiian National Guard In fol
lowing the general plan of cutting
down Government expenses. The
message of Governor Carter to the
special session of the Legislature
showed that the island Government Is
about $600,000 behind as a holdover
debt of the past two years and that
the present period appropriations ex
ceed the Income by $1,500,000. Car
ter presented a plan of rigid economy
to make, matters even. He recom
mended dropping the militia.
The National Guard has received
considerable aid from the Federal
Government, as well as moral support,
and regular army officers who have
visited here have urged improving its
efficiency. It was formed after the
overthrow in 1893 and now consists of
about 450 men, a majority of them
Hawailans.
Another cutting out proposed Is that
of the Government band. This is the
famous old royal Hawaiian band,
which has been in existence more than
thirty years. Carter recommended
dropping the appropriations for th«
salaries of its members, but there Is
much opposition to its being given up.
Carter's recommendations, embodied
In two appropriation bills, were passed
on first reading on the first day of the
session in both houses. Under the
plan proposed the Territory will pay
off about a hundred thousand dollars
a year of its debt Instead of Increas
ing it.
OAKLAND, April SO.— Favored of
many brides, April drew to a close to
day amidst the triumphant music and
merry wedding bells of two of the pret
tiest marriage fetes of the year. At St.
John's Episcopal Church this after
noon the Barry-Clay wedding took
place and a brilliant gathering filled
the little church from entrance to al
tar-rail. '- : 'Xl.
Miss Edna Barry that was— now Mrs.
Phillip Clay— is an unusually attract
ive girl, with great dark eyes, and she
never looked more charming than in
her bridal white to-day. Her. gown was
a triumph of the dressmaker's art in
ivory white satin and tulle. From the
waist to the knee French folds of the
two materials alternated and below a
fitted flounce, draped with tulle and
lilies-of-the-valley, fell in graceful
folds and swept away into the long
train. A deep yoke and berthe of rare
duchesse and point lace adorned the
satin bodice. A cluster of lllles-of-the
valley held the veil in place and a
shower of the same delicate flowers
formed the bridal bouquet.
Miss Jane Barry officiated as maid
of honor and her dress of white lace
was exquisite. The lace was of the
pattern so popular Just now— a silk
braid applique on Brussels net— and it
•was made over a fluffy underdress of
white chiffon and silk. Ousters of
small, white chiffon roses were used
as. pendant ornaments on both skirt
and bodice. A white picture hat of
chiffon and roses and a shower of pink
Bridesmaid roses completed a very
striking and becoming costume.
Miss Madeline Clay was first brides
maid and she and the other attendants
—Misses Letitla Barry. Margaret Sin
clair, May Coogan and Marion Good
fellow—were gowned alike In pink silk
point d'esprlt over chiffon and silk of
the same color. "1..
Each eown was trimmed with white
roses, which also adorned the big pink
chiffon hats wom. Each girl carried
an armful of white roses and tulle.
The ushers were Herbert Barry, Ar
thur Gelsler, Moulton . Warner, Alfred
Plaw and Aaron Brock. The groom
was attended by Robert Bain Jr.
Rev. Edgar Gee, pastor of St. John's,
was the officiating clergyman.
After the ceremony at the church a
reception was tendered the bridal
party and a few inltimate " friends at
the home of the bride's parents on
Adeline street. The residence . was
tastefully decorated with a profusion
of white roses and the newly wedded
pair stood In a bower of bamboo and
roses while receiving the congratula
tions of the assembled guests.
The wedding of Mr. Clay and Miss
Barry has been one of the chief topics
for some time, as both are members
of well-known and pioneer families of
Oakland. The bride is one of three
very charming daughters of Mr. and
Mrs. Edward Barry— the former being
a prominent stockbroker In San Fran
cisco. Philip is the son. of Major and
Mrs. C. C. Clay and Is a Junior part
ner in the music firm of Sherman, Clay
& Co. He was graduated from the
University of California with the class
of '02 and" is a v member of the Phi
Gamma Delta Fraternity and of. the
University Club. ;,
. After a honeymon of two or three
weeks" duration Mr. and Mrs. Clay will
make their home temporarily In
Blythedale until their own house on
Stelner street, San Francisco, is ready
for occupancy.
OLD WHITNEY RESIDENCE
SAID TO HAVE BEEN SOLD
Heirs'of Dead Milionaire Are Reported
to Have Disposed of Magnificent
Home oa Fifth Avenue.
NEW YORK, April 30. — Although
William C. Whitney's will provided
that his magnificent house at 871 Fifth
avenue "shall be maintained a3 a
home" for his daughter Dorothy an<l
his stepchildren for two yeare after
his death, it is reported to have been
sold to James Henry Smith, heir of
the fifty-million dollar estate of
George Smith of Chicago and London.
None. of those directly interested has
confirmed; the report. The price is
placed between $2,000,000 and $3,500.
000. This is understood to have in
cluded the entire contents, together
with many rare paintings, statuary
and objects of art with the exception
of a single painting, a Van Dyck, for
which Whitney paid $100,000.
If the sale has been made at the
figure Indicated it will go on record
as the highest price ever paid for a
private residence in New York. 'The
building is a four-story structure at
the northeast corner of Fifth avenue
and Sixty-eighth street, with a Fifth
avenue frontage of 55 feet and 200 feet
on the side street.
Several Minor Changes Are Made in
Postal Service, and War Depart
• tnent Issues Orders. ..',.'. 1:
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON,' April 30. — Fourth
class postmasters appointed—Califor
nia — Holt, San Joaquin County,
Thomas J. Hickett, vice Susie Atwood.
resigned; Oren, Fresno County, Dora
Corlew, vice Charles C. Corlew, re
signed.
The following orders have been is
sued by the War Department: Pri
vate Siegfried K. J. Liese, Troop E,
Third Cavalry, Boise Barracks, Idaho,
is transferred to the signal corps and
will.be sent to Benicia Barracks, Cal.
Private James E. Farrls, Company F,
Tenth Infantry, stationed at the Pre
sidio, is transferred to the signal
corps and will be sent to Benicia Bar
racks. Sergeant Nicolas Lommel of
the hospital. corps, at Columbus Bar*
racks, Ohio, will proceed tO: Alaska,
and Companies A. B. and C will go to
Fort William H. Seward. Sergeant C.
F. Eble of the Hospital Corps at
Fort Thomas, Kyi, will proceed to
Camp Skagway, Alaska. Sergeant
Arthur A. Chenay of the Hospital
Corps on the Government transport
Sheridan, now at San Francisco, is re
lieved from further duty on that vessel
and will report to the medical superin
tendent of the Army Transport Service
at San Francisco for duty in his
office. He will relieve Sergeant
Nelson A. Hoberg of the Hospital
Corps, who will report to the com
manding officer, of the Government
transport Sheridan for duty aboard
that vessel.
Lieutenant A. McArthur Is detached
from 'the torpedo flotilla at Mare Isl
and, Cal., and will. report to the com
mandant of that yard for duty as aid.
INFERNAL MACHINE
SENT TO A HOTEL
Rochester Police Believe Dynamiters
Intended to Blow up the
Hostelry-
ROCHESTER, N. Y.. April 30.— What
the police declare'to have been a delib
erate attempt to blow up the Powers
Hotel was frustrated by them this
morning.
About one month ago a package done
up in brown wrapping paper was de
livered by the Adams Express Com
pany at the Powers Hotel. It was ad
dressed to "George G. Brandenberg."
and was marked "Handle with care."
and in another place "Careful."
The package had been shipped from
Providence. R. I. Because of Its odd
appearance it was placed on a shelf
In the baggage-room.
This morning one of the clerks ex
amined the package, and, becoming
suspicious of its character, called in
the proprietor of the company to con
sult with him. It was decided that
the police should be notified and ac
cordingly Director Hayden was asked
to send a detective to the hotel. De
tective O'Brien took the package to
the Central police station, where it
was opened by the director.
Inside the brown wrapping paper was
found a dynamite cartridge weighing
two and one-half pounds. The car
tridge was wrapped in brown paper
and tied with white ribbon. At either
end of the cartridge was a wire con
necting the cartridge with a storage
battery in the other end of the box
The battery also was connected by
wire with a strange machine in the op
posite end of the box. " *
WILL SEND A MILITARY
ATTACHE TO SAN DOMINGO
WASHINGTON, April 30.— It has
been decided to send a military at
tache to Haytl and San Domingo and
for this duty Captain Charles Younjr
Ninth Cavalry, has been selected'
That officer has been on duty at the
Presidio at San Francisco. He is a
negro; a graduate of the Military
Academy and possesses a fine record
His ability and fitness for tha place
led to his designation.
MICHIGAN CENTRAL
TRAIN'S FAST RUN
an Hour.
Rpaclif »_a_Marimnm Speed of. One
Hundred and Eleven Miles
CHICAGO. April 30.— O. W. Rug
gles, general passenger agent of the
Michigan Central Railroad, has sent
out official figures received from the
operating department of the road re
specting the run made by Ledyard's
special train. The run was made- from
Niagara Falls to Chicago, and, accord
ing to the dispatcher's train sheets, a
maximum speed of 111' miles per hour
was reached.
LONDON, April 30. — A train on the
Great Western"' Railway clipped all
records for;, the conveyance of Amer
ican mail between Plymouth and Lon
don, covering 247 * miles in 237 . min
utes. The last 11 8 miles was made in
99 -minutes. ' -
"What's become of Jobson?"
"Blest if I know. Let me think. He
dropped out of • sight- last summer
didn't he?" •"; |Mft|
"Yes, arid I haven' t ¦ heard his name
mentioned since." . \, -¦
•'Oh, now. I remember. He married a
clubwoman!"— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ..-.-MAY .: 1, 1904.
- CAl.Ii - subscribers : conteaplattajr a
ehanr* of [ resiaenc* darter th* imuner
month* osa \ have tbslr viper forwarded
by mail to their n«w address toy aotlfy
tatC, TBS ¦ OATUlt • Busln ess ' Office. • Tills
paper will also be on. sale at all stunmsr
retorts ; and Is rtprvseated by a local
MTtnt In all the towns on the coast, i
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR/ THE SUMMER.
LIVERMORE. April 30.— M. O.
Callaghan and A. J. McLeod were se
lected as delegates to the Democratic
State convention last night at the cau
cus of the Democratic electors. A
motion was carried that the delegates
from Murray Township gro to the con
vention' unpledged. . but -¦ it la under
stood that they will be opposed to the
nomination of W. R. Hearst' '¦¦¦>''¦
Select Representatives.
. OAKLAND,; April ': 3 O.~Sult for di.
vorce was begun^'to-day by. Mary . K.
New against John M. New." on 'the
ground : of desertion. Mrs.*, r New asks
that she be allowed ' to . resume her
maiden name, Walker. ; Johanna i/R.
Draste has begun a" suit for ; divorce
against Henry B. Draste on" the ground
of cruelty. They were ; married. In
1892,' but of late 'she says "he has
treated, her in such a manner that she
Is unwilling to live With him longer; S..<
Wives Want Divorces.
OAKLAND, April 30. — "The Bond
Question, with' Special References to
the Polytechnic School and the Chil
dren's Recreation Grounds," will be
the subject of an address by P. M.
Fisher, principal of the Polytechnic
High School, at the meeting of the
"Women's Civic Improvment Club next
Monday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock In
the Common School Assembly Hall at
the Chabot Observatory.
44
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North "7«
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4593.
BBAXGH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
BEAUTY BY THE BOTTLE.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
This Is One of the Wittiest aid
Cleverest Articles Ever
Written on the
Fair Serx.
By Jerome K. Jerome.
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
CORRECT DRESS FOR GEN-
TLEMEN.
XkJLT SUNDAY CTAT.TV
; Odd bits of ¦ furniture can be
bought , cheaply— furnish ' flats
and houses,. too. '
: Bargains daily in our . FUR-
MTtTRE FOR • SALE columns.Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The situation remains aa before stated. Hay
being freely -offered and weak, while Bran
and Middlings are In slender supply and firm.
BRAN — $21©22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27 50<g20 50 per ton.
SHORTS — $21«£22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50@24 per
tbnr Oilcake Meal at". the mill.- $29 50031:
Jobbing. $32: Cocoanut Cake.- $22@23; Corn
Meal. $30 50@31 50; Cracked Corn, $31 ©32:
Mixed Feed. ¦ $21@22; , Horse Beans. , ; $309
40 per ton : Broom Corn Feed. 90c per • ctl. ¦
HAY— Wheat, $13015; . Wheat and . Oat,
$12 50j?15; Oat.'$ll 50@14 50; Barley. $11@13;
Stock $10@ll: Alfalfa. $1O@12 per ton.;/ ¦
STRAW— 50@70c per^ bale. * ; r : :
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The week closed with quiet and : unchanged
markets both here and in the West.
- CUfcED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per ib for
heavy, 10 #c for light medium. 12Hc for light,
14c. for extra" light, and 14V4@15c for sugar
cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12$$c: Call
forina Hams, 1 Hi®. 12c; Mess Beef, $10 50'<8
11 per- bbl; extra- Mess. $11 80*912: Family.
$12 504313; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$24: -Mess, $18: ; Dry: Salted Pork. -10V4c; Pig
Pork, $27 ; . Pigs' Feet, . $5; Smoked Beef, . 14c
per lb.- v '•¦'..: ' '. "¦ /
. LARD— Tierces quoted at GVSc per lb for
compound and 8 Vic for pure; half- barrels, pure.
8%c; 10-lb tins, »!ic; 6-lb tins, Oftc; G-Ib tins,
OV9C '-" iTVt^tr ''I tJ*^tljlj**^i* - **^"Tf JC*tP*^'***tfi^hr*"BW
COTTOLENE— One half barrel.: 8%c; three
half barrels. 8%c; one, tierce. S%c;.two tierces,
8Uc; five tierces. 8*-jc per lb.
Provisions.
CHICAGO. April 30.— Indifferent cables and
brilliant weather throughout the Northwest
and Southwest caused an easier tone In wheac
at the opening, the July delivery being down
Uc at S4%c An active commission house
demand, however, coon developed with shorts
free buyers of May. In consequence the May
option sold up about a cent while July- ad
vanced V~c. The leading factor In bringing
out the Improved demand was the almost sen
sationally bullish ctod news . from . the Ohio
Valley. Local traders who have had an op
portunity of viewing fields - In that section
during the cast week found It difficult to
express the extent of the damage. Reports
from such sources had much to do with the
generally bullish sentiment of. pit traders.
Another strengthening Influence was a good de
mand for the cash article here and In the
Northwest. Probable delay In the opening of
navigation owing to strikes tended to strength,
en the situation, at with a supply of. whtat
from Duluth cut off there would be a better
demand • here. Late weaknesn In corn and a
desire on the part of a few holders to take
profits over Sundav checked - the advancing
tendency, but the close was/ firm and 'near
the high point. Final; quotations on July
were at S3 Vic after the price, had touched 85Vj
Si85%c May ranged .between 88T4 and . 00c,
closing at 89%c. 1 ..
¦; The- corn market was- heavy -all day. July
closed unchanged at 48,^4@)48%c. --May closed
at 46%c.
There was good buying in oats eatly , In
Future Grain and Provisions:
ELf PASO, Tex., April SO.— J. D. Cob
ling, a rancher, living fifteen miles
north of this place, was assassinated
while he slept by his 14-year-old son.
Angered by a severe beating which he
received Thursday night, the lad arose
early this morning and. procuring a
loaded rifle, placed the muzzle of the
.v/eapon at his father's head and polled
the trigger.
Angered by a Severe Beating He Pro
cures a Rifle and Shoots Sleeping
Parent In the Head.
FOURTEEN- YEAR-OII> BOY
ASSASSINATES HIS FATHER
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80®
6 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 TOGS;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 8504 23
per bbl. •
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are ft"
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per- 100 lb*:
Rye Flour. $3 SO; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 60;. extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $f@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50® 4 75: Cracked Wheat $4;
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
Rolled Oats = bbls. $7 25@8 60; In sacks, $6 759
8 10; Pearl Barley, $6; Spilt Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas." $5 50 per 100 lbs. -
Flonr and Millstuffs.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date* as compared with those of the same date
last season &nd the rainfalls la the last twen
* Jy-four fcours:
. .. v • Last Thli Last
. '¦: 'Ctaticaa— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 02 C2.87 60.46
'Ued Ciuff 00 31.0« 23.15
• Sacramento 00 10.77 1G.62
•fcjyi Francisco ... .00 20.29 18.28
••Fresno 00 7.87 8.50
, - Jn««ependerrce 00 2.C7 2.34
.. Han Luit Obispo.. .00 16.83 18.49
• Los Argefes 00 8.69 19.29
••ban- Diego 00 4.2C 11.62
• '. • THE COAST RECORD.
•"' • - -. ~~O K S 5 2
1 Hilli I! I
: 3 2 : : :
Belter 29.82 €6 34 SW Clear Too
Carson 23.62 6* 32 SW Cloudr .00
Curfka 23. SS 54 46 SE Rain .02
.Fresno 25».M 72 46 NW Cloudy .00
fc'E Kara! Ion .'.SO. 02 £2 50 W Cloudy .00
.Flapstuff 23.70 C2 20 fiW Cloudy .00
Pocatcllo- t"9.78 M 24 BE Cloudy T.
. Independence 29. «8 70 4« W Cloudy .00
Ix>e Angeles.. 29. 94 V/H SO SW Clear .00
" IKt.'TamalpaisUO.OO 52 39 W Cloudy .00
. North Head 40 00
. Phoenix 23.72 M 50 W Pt.Cldjr .00
Pt. R*ye» U..29.97 52 47 W Cloudy .00
. Portland 29.7S 60 40 NW Pt.Cldy .00
• R^d Bluff 23.82 06 54 8E Cloudy .00
Itostburg .:..29. 78 5* 40 N Cloudy .00
be^rtimfnto... 29.1*0 «4 50 SW Cloudy .OO
• KaJt L*ke 23.74 13 3D SE Cloudy. .00
. £an }'rancisco..'U).04 r.4 48 W Cloudy .00
S L Obirpo. . .30.02 C2 46 W Pt.Cldy .00
• £*n Diego.... 29.00 64 54 SW Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.1*0 56 34 NW Pt.Cldy .00
8;<okane 29.84 M 32 X Cloudy .00
Tatooth .. ..23.90 52 40 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Wiila Walla.. 23. 86 K4 34 N Pt.Cldy .01
Wrnnexnucca .23.74 56 V2 W Cloudy .00
l'ima 23.72 88 48 SW Pt.Cldy .00
wCatheh conditions ~and general
• • forecast.
The prefi.ure has fallen rapidly over Oregon
and «. moderate deprescion is evidently moving
.In rapidly from the jiea.
• • Ruin has begun falling at Eureka and con
ditions ere .favorable for chowers> Sunday over
a large portion of the Pacific Coast.
i The temperature has fallen slowly, but will
iif-<-- again by Monday.
. Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 1:
Northern. California — Showers Sunday; fresh
southerly winds. *
Southern Coliforsls — Cloudy, unsettled weath-
Chicago Board of Tnvle.
NEW YORK. April 30.— The cotton market
closed steady. . unchanged.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. April 30.— Total Imports of
drygoods and general merchandise at the port
of New York for the week ending to-day were
valued at $9,970,118.
Exports of specie from New York for the
week were $4SS.443 silver and $12,675,220 gold.
Imports of specie at New York during the
week were S46.76S gold and $9307 silver.
'Exports and Imports.
With th? reduction In quotations for Raisins
it Is expected that the demand will revive and
lead to a cleaning up of stocks. - The" present
status of the situation la that' the Association
will hold the goods, while the packers will
market them as railed for by the demand. The
quotations for clusters ' and layers ' were not
affected by the revision and are given below.
FRUITS— Apricots. 8%@10%c for Royals and
!)fj 12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4MQ
6c: sun-dried. 3@4%c; Peaches, 0%@7%c:
Pears. t((&ll%c; Figs, white. 2%&3c in boxes;
black. 4 Vic; Plums, pitted. 6i&7%o per lb.
.; PRUNES— 1003. crop. 2@2&c (or the . four
Sizes.
RAISINS— F. 0. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: B<Mb boxes— Loose Muscatel, 4-crown,
4c perlb; 3 -crown. 4Vic: 2-crown. 4c: Malaga,
loose. S-crown, ,4e: ,-2-crown, 3%c: Thompson's
seedless, 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3V=c: Seedless
Muscatels. -3 lie: do floated. :i'{c; Seeded Rais
in*, lti-oz ' cartons. -¦; fancy, B&c; choice, Oftc;
12-oz cartons, fancy, 4^c: choice. 4%c; In
bulk, fancy, 5Vic; choice, 5c; Imperial clus
ters, $3; Dehesa, $2 60; fancy, • $2; London
Layers. 3-crown, $1 35; 2-crown, $1 25. "*.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13HS14c;
No. 2. lU4@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13®13%c:
No. 2. 11011 1-ic: Almonds, lUic for Nonpa
reils, ll^c for I X U He (or Ne Plus Ultra
and 914c for Lancuedoc: Peanuts, 6®7c for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 6095.
. HONEY— Comb.' 10@llV*e for white and 8V4
©O^c for amber; water white extracted, 5@
r.Vic: light amber extracted, 4',4@4»ic; dark,
3fce*c. < - •
BEESWAX— 2"@29c per lb. -
Dried Fruits,Nuls,Raisins,Honey.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 30—5 p. ra.
Weather Report.
NEW YORK. April 30. — Bullishness pre
vailed In all markets to-day, the (general un
dertone, however, exhibiting fair steadiness
and absence of pressure to sell. The scarcity
of spot lead and continued Inquiry for spot
futures In spelter held these two markets
firm.
Lead. $4 <MMM C5%.
Spelter. $5 2005 25.
Copper, lake. $13 37%S>13 62%: electrolytic,
$13 12,y.«13 25: casting. 512 05%©13 12%.
Tin, $27 804I2S.
Iron nominally unchanged from last quota
tions.
Nezv York Metal Market.
MOUNTAIN VIEW, April 30.— Tha
McKlnley Republican Club met last
night, reorganized and elected the fol
lowing officers: William T. Wright.
president; B. F. Gates, vice president:
F. P. Beverly, secretary; B. E. Knapp.
treasurer; membership committee — T.
F. Grant, O. Becker, W. K. Sloat. B. E.
Knapp and F. P. Beverly; finance com
mittee—T. F. Grant, W. A. Platt and
"W. K. Sloat. The club objected to a
selection being made by the county
committee and Union League Club of
a delegate to represent this district at
the State convention. R. V. Burns was
indorsed for delegate, and the commit
tee will be asked to put his name on
the ticket tor delegate to the State con
vention. The following were selected
to represent the district at the League
of Republican Clubs to be held in Sac
ramento: W. A. Clark, R. V. Burns.
B. C. Nichols. T. F. Grant,. L. B. Allen
and F. L. Cutter; alternates, W. T.
Wright, O. Becker, E. M. Ehrhorn, S.
P. McCrea, T. Francis and A. M. Crlt
tenden.
McKinlcr Clnb of Mountain View Re*
organized and Representative Citi
zens Are Chosen for Officers.
REPUBIJCANS PREPARE
FOR COMING CAMPAIGN
May. 1904.
S. M. T. W. T. F. 3. Xoon't-p^Z
8 9 10 11 12 13 14 New Moon.
V May 19.
Ji JiiLiiJiLiliL^ First Qr.
22 23 "24 25 28 27 28 J May 22..
O> Pull Moon.
29 30 31 V5? May2».
BARLEY — The week closed quiet but firm,
with but little variation In quotations. The
ruling figure for Feed was $1 08%, at which
there was a sale.
Feed. $1 07%(gl 10: Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 12% ft I 15; Chevalier, $1 lOfll 20 for
fair, to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. ' Close.
December ... 93% 94 93% 93%
OATS — Continue quiet and featureless, with
fair offerings of Red and light offerings of
the other colors.,
White. $1 3001 40; Black, $1 25©1 30: Red.
$1 27%©1 33; Gray. $1 32%©1 37% per ctl.
CORN — The market is steadily held, but not
active. Offerings continue light.. Jt5*t*figjaw-J
Western sacked. $1 41'H'ol 43 for Yellow and
White and $1 37% for Mixed; California large
Yellow. $1 40QI1 47%: smalt round do, $1 65S>
1 57%: White, |1 45@1 47% per ctl; Egyptian.
$1 40@l SO for white and Jl 27%@1 30 for
"fiyE— $1 3001 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl. > ''
CASH BARLEY,
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open, High. Low. Clone.
May $1 27 '$1 27% $1 27 $1 27%
December ... 1 26% 1 26% 1 20% 1 26%
FUTURES.
California Club. $1 30g?l 35: California
White Australian. $1 C2%<gl 67%: -lorthern
Club. $1 30&1 33; Northern Bluestem, $1 50@
1 65 ccr ctl.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — News from Europe and the East
is scarce, as the markets are quiet and not
materially changed.
The situation as wired from I Chicago is as
follows: "The prevailing sentiment among
professional speculators is bullish on the crop
reports, and the crop conditions are about' as
follows: The principal complaints are from
Ohio. Indiana. Illinois and Michigan, which
raised. In 1903. 80.000,000 bushels. "Per con
tra, tbe three Pacific States, which raised
B3.000.000 bushels last year, have greatly su
perior prospects over 1903."
In this market the feeling was firm, but
quotations showed little change and trading
was light.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Giant Powder Company has declared dirt
dend No.. 65 of 50 cents a share.
THE CAM/S CALENDAR.
Stirling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, 6lght — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Silver, per ounce — 64 %
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 43%
Exchange and Bullion.
Yesterday was a very light day, even for
Saturday. The., California. Exchange held no
session owing to the death of I. Kaufmann. a
member, while there was hardly anything do
ing on the Bond Exchange. The double divi
dend cf Ophlr produced no appreciable effect
on the value of the stock. There was a sale
of Alaska Packers at $137 50.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were remarkably small, amounting to only
36.696 shared, valued at $11,711. the leading
sales being as follows: Claremont. 1200 shares;
Independence. 27.400; Monarch, 3C50; Senator,
3000; Associated Oil. 996.
The regular dividend of 25c, with the extra
one of 25c, declared by the Ophlr Mining Com
pany, c-ach amounting to $25,200. will be pay
able May C. This makes six dividends of 23c.
cr $131,200. since the. resumption of dividends
following the uncovering of the new ore de
posit of the 1800 level of the mine. The out
put of . the mine last week amounted to 312
mining carloads of ore, assaying $92 74 per
ton. The yield for the previous week was 318
carloads, assaying $84 10.
The yield oC the Consolidated California and
Virginia mine l?.st week amounted to 41 min
ing carloads of ore. assaying $10 84 per ton.
The Boston and Montana Mining Company
has declared a regular quarterly dividend of
$2 per share.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. April 23—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask. I
43 qr coup. .107 — 4s qr eg new.l34%134«i
4s qr reg...l07%103 |3s qr Toup. . .107*4108
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — ¦ — O T Co 6s. 119% —
Bay CPC 3s.l00% — Do Cs Ill 112
Cal C G 5s. — 105 Do con 5s. — 105
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 70
m & ct 5s. 81% 82% Om Cable 6s. — 122
Cal-st C Bs.ll6%117U Pac G Im 4s. — 95%
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E Ry 5s. 104*4105
Ed L & P 6s — 130 P & C H 6s.lO4% —
F & C II «s-114% — P & O R 63.II6 —
Geary-st . r «s.. — — PoWell-st 63. — 114
II C&S 5%s.lOO — Sac EGAR5s. — 100
Do 5s 93 ¦ — SF & SJV5s.ll6% —
Hon R T Cs.107 — Sierra R 6s. 110 —
L A Elec 6s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5M.1UU112 (1909) 1O7%1MU4
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 108%100%
Do gtd fis. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd Ss.104 105 O9n5)Sr A.101%102
L.*T>^"m Ss.100 — (lOOTOSr B. — 102%
Mkt-st C Cs. — 119V4 (1906) . 104% —
Do lcrn 58.113% — (1012) .....— 118
MVft MtT5s.l01% — SPC 1 eg 5s. — 119%
NRR of C63.107 107^4 Do stmp<]..110 11U4
Do 5s 116X5117 S P B R 6s. 132 —
N P C R 5s.lfKi%l0fl S V Wat 6s.1O4U105%
N C Ry 5s. 10!) — Ds 4s 2dm.l00% —
N C P C 5s. 99 102 Do 4« 3dm. — 10O
N S R R 5s. — 10O Stkn G&ERs. — 97%
O G L&H 5s.l06%107 U G & E 5s. — 105
O W gtd OS. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 40 I Port Costa .. — —
Marin Co... — 61 |S V Wat Co. 3S*i 30
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P.' S*4 4 IS" F G &"E. 62% 62%
Mutual E L. 12U 12% I Stkn G * E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 57 — |U O ft E Co. — 33
¦ INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l25 — L P & A.... 152% —
Anglo-Cal .. 82 87 - Mer Trust — 220
Bank of Cal.425%440 Merch Ex — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F NaUonl.150 155
First Natlonl — .
SAVINGS BANKS. -V;;
Ger S & L.2260 2330 Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U». 625 ? —
STREET RAILROADS. ' •
California .. — 200 I Presidio ..... S0% 41
Geary — 80 | _
POWDER.
Giant "60% 6U4IVigorit 4% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 4Cc Kllauea S C. 3 4%
Hawaiian > C. 49 — MakaWell C 21 21%
Ilo.>okaa S C 11% 12 Onomea S C. 23% 27
Hutch S P C 9 . 0% Paauhau S C. 13 14
. ,„ „ - MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.138 • •.—'•¦' Oceanic S Co. 4 4%
Cal F C A. — 100% Pac Aux FA. — fi
Cal. "Wine A. 91% 02% Pac C Borx.165 167
MV& MtTai.100 — -
10 'Alaska Packers' Association . . . 137 50
Trading Very Light on All the
Local Exchanges.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 25<©2
for. fancy. 75c©$l 50 for choice and iJOigOOc for
btaudard; Tangerines, 75c@$l 25 -per box;
Lemons, $2 50ig2 75 for fancy, $1 !>O«I1 75 for
choice and $101*25 for standard; Grape Fruit.
$1 23(32: Mexican Limes, $4 60@5 per case;
Bananas. $2@U SO per bunch for Central Amer
ican and $1$2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2^3
per dozen.
The first Gooseberries of the season ap
peared from Vorden.on the Sacramento River.
Three boxes, containing about 60 pounds In
all. came In and met with prompt sale at 20c
per pound. Receipts of Strawberries consisted
of 49 chests of Long worths from various sec
tions and 62 chests of the large varieties from
Watsonvllle. ' The receipts from Watsonvllle
included J 46 chests, which arrived by steamer
too late- for the regular trade and some -of
them were badly shaken up In transit. Early
arrivals met with a good demand at 40g»;.")c
per, drawer, while the stock brought by the
belated steamer sold . slowly at 25@35c. The
Longworths sold at a wider range of prices,
but cleaned up well. A crate of Raspberries,
containing 18 small baskets, came In from Los
Angeles and sold at 35c per basket.
Trade in Citrus fruits was very quiet owing
to the cool. . cloudy weather, and there was
very little doing In the shipping line. Sound
offerings of fancy Navels were held at rather
firm prices, while inferior stock, which con
stituted the bulk of the receipts, was being
pressed for sale at unsteady rates. A note
worthy feature of the market for tropical
fruits was the arrival of five crates of Cuban
Pineapples.' which met with prompt- sale at
$3@5 per. dozen as to size. The receivers
stated that a carload of the fruit was on the
way to this market and was expected toward
the end of the week. The Apple market was
in good shape, with a fair amount of business
reported at previous prices.
STRAWBERRIES— 50c©$l for Longworths
and- 2.V(i '.. r >c per drawer for the larger varieties.
APPLES — $102 60 per box
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
STOCK MAKKET.
LOCAL 3IAEKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — May. July.
Opening 6 3% 6 4%
Closing 0 3% 6 4%
PARIS.
Wheat — April. Sept.-Dec
Opening 22 20 20 30
Closing , 22 80 20 40
Flour — I • -
Opening 27 35 27 25
Closing 27 25 27 35
Cash in Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 30.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balance shows: Avail
able cash * balance. $219,091,652; gold, $107,-.
424,283.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 30.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 73c; bluestem. 81c; valley, 83@85c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 30.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem. 84e; club,. 74c.
N orthinrBvsincss.
SEATTLE. April 30.— Clearings, $506,623;
balances. $96,604.
TACOMA. April 30.— Clearings, $227,400;
balances. $70,003.
PORTLAND. April SO.— Clearings. $345,351;
balances, $46,006. .
SPOKANE. April 80.— Clearings, $288,322;
balances.. $38,163. "
The week closed with Butter. Cheese and
Eggs practically unchanged. Supplies and re
ceipts of Butter continue heavy and some deal
ers would like to get the market down to a
storage' basis,, say 18c, but steady purchasers
at 19c i are keeping the market about station
ary. . Cheese Is still In heavy supply and quiet.
Storing of the surplus stock of Eggs is keeping
that market steady, especially aa there - Is a.
good, consumptive demand at the reasonable
prices.
Receipts were 52.400 lbs Butter, 1562 cases
Eggs, and 3500 lbs Cheese. ¦¦ .
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 18@19c
for extras and 17®17%c for. firsts; dairy, 159
17%c; store Butter. 13gl4c; cold storage, nom
inal. % • " ¦...¦-¦
CHEESE — 8Q0c for good to choice new
and 7@7%c for lower grades; Young Americas,
9%@10c; Eastern. lS@16c; Western, . 14® I60
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 19@21c for fair to choice;
store, 17@1SHeC per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Flour qr sks .. 3.530i Tallow, ctls ... 247
Wheat ctls'.... 2.359|Hldes. No. 1.611
Barley' ctls 7,412! Pelts. No. 6.013
Rye ctls SOOi Quicksilver, flks. 20
Corn ctls 4Sl|Paper reams ... j \Z
Oats' ctls -.1.2391 Lime, bbls 462
Middlings, sks.. 2411 Leather, rolls .. 1£5
Bran, sks : 1.2H5! Sugar, ctls 500
Beans, sks. 519! chicory, bbls .. 5O
Hay tons 5701 Feed, sks 27
Onibns skA ... 14S!Wlne. gals 53.350
Wool 'bales.... «21 1 Screenings, ska.. 200
Potatoes, sks .. 1.283!
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 1,316|
FOR SATURDAY. APRIL SO.
Receipts of Produce.
SATURDAY. April 30—12 m.
Eld. Ask.! 1 Bid. Ask
Alpha. .04 0C!Justlc« 10 it
Alta 07 OS! "tuck 03 ©4
Andes 24 25!Keyes Graea.. — 1 CO
Eelcher 25 27|Lady Wash .. — Ort
Bert & Belch. 1 60 1 75! Mexican 3 15 2 2»
Bullion 09 10! Occidental 82 84
Caledonia ... 60 6l!ophlr 5 75 5 87^
Challenge Con 17 20IOvennan 32 33
Chollar 24 25|Potosl 20 21
Confidence ... 9S 1 OSIScorplon 14 1*
Con C & Va.l 60 1 70(Sava«re 88 37
Con Imperial. 02 OSISe* Belcher .. 1O 12
Con N Y 02 03|Slerra Ner .. 57 M
Crown Point. IS 191 Silver Hill .. M 60
East Sierra N 06 — I St Louis .... CO 10
Eureka Con.. — BO] Syndicate .... <H 0«
Exchequer .. 23 301 Union Con ..71 77
Gould & Cur. 24 261 Utah 11 12
Hale & Norc. 65 70! Yellow Jacket. 22 23
Julia 05 061
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask.
Colehan — 071 Mont Tern ..1 02% 1 85
Esperanza ... — OllRay Ton ... — 20
Gipsy Queen. — 301 Ray & OBrien 09 05
Gold Anchor. 25 301 Ton Belmont. . 70 71
Gold M Con. — 15 Ton * Cat ..10 —
Hannapah ... 02 — Ton Exten . .1 05 —
Hannavah M. 1» — Ton of NeT. .9 75 10 00
Little Ton -. 22 —Ton I* Star.. 28 SO
MacNamara . 19 201 Ton Midway., ZO 40
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
PRUNES — Are quiet and the market Is In
rsther an unsatisfactory position, with little
demand from any direction. Quotations range
frcm 3c to 5*4c according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are without new , feature.
Choice are quoted at 9%@10c: extra choice at
lO'.iWIOUc: fancy. Ili513c.
PEACHES — Are In light supply. Choice are
held at 7H@7%c; extra choice, 7%@8c: fancy,
9«/-@10c.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
tinues quiet, but the undertone is steady.
Common are quoted at 4@5\4c. prime at 5%@
5%c. choice at 6U<86%c and fancy at 7@7%c.
DRIED FRUITS
COFFEE^ — Snot Rio. quiet: No. 7 Invoice.
7%c: mild, quiet; Cordova, 10@13c. The mar
ket for coffee futures closed quiet at an ad
vance of 5 points to a decline of 5 points.
Pales were renorted of 3750 bars. Including:
May. f».8T>c: July. 0.05c; September, 6-35(3
C.40c; March, 6.90c.
NEW YORK, April 30.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,700; exports, 2400. Sales. 3600. Dull and
without feature. Minneapolis patents, $5@
¥» 25; Minnesota bakers, 541/4 20; winter pat
ents. J5.&-5 33; winter straights, $4 S0@5;
winter extras, $3 353J4; winter low grades,
$3 1563 80.
WHEAT— Receipts, 3000: sales. 1.500.000
bushels; spot, firm: No. 2 red, $1 04 elevator;
No. 2 red. $1 O5gl OS f, o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 09J s c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions ruled generally strong all the forenoon
in resDonse to further bullish crop news and
a better ca'sh demand. May shorts were es
pecially alarmed over the prospects for a de
lay in lake navigation. The close was %@
%c net higher. May closed 92%c; July closed
9o-Hc: September closed 64c: December, S4c.
HOPS — Quiet; State common to choice. 190U,
2r-635c; 1902, 23<326c; olds. 9®14c; Pacific
Coast, 1903, 24Q30c; 1902, 23@2Gc; olds,
Dij 14c.
HIDES— Steady; Galveston. 20@25 lbs. 18c;
California, 21@25 lbs, 19c; Texas dry, 24@oO
lbs. 14c.
WOOL — Firm: domestic fleece, 2Sg?32c.
PETROLEUM— Easy: refined New York,
S.15c; Philadelphia and Baltimore. S.lOc;
Philadelphia and Baltimore in bulk. 5.20c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining. 3 3-lCT»
3v»c: centrifugal, 00 test, 3 ll-10g3 23-32c
molasses supar. 2 15-16@3 13-32c; refined,
steady: No. 7, 4.32c: No. 8, 4.25c; No. »,
4.20c; No. 10. 4.16c; No. 11. 4.10c: No. 12.
4.O5c; No. 13. 4c; No. 14. 3.95c: confectioners'
A. 4.6<tc; mold A, fi.lOc; cutloaf, 5.45c;
crushed. 5.45c: powdered, 4.83c; granulated,
4.75c: cubes. 6c.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Anrll 30.— The statement of
averages of the clearing house banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans, $1,049,630,
600; Increase. $3,246,600; deposits, $1,114,367.-
SOO; increase, $4,y93,4C0; circulation, $.15,768,.
700; increase, $43,700; legal tenders, $76,439,
700: increase. $1,149,900; specie. $235,19tf,500;
decrease, $961,000; reserves, $311,736,200; In
crease. $1.S8,900: reserve required, $278,591,
050; lncreas?, $1,243,350; surplus, $33,144,450;
decrease. $1,059,450; ex-U. S. deposits, $47,
197,425; decrease, $1,017,050.
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Bales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 1,300 72-H 72% 72%
Atchison pfd 200 93% 93U 03
Baltimore & Ohio. 1,000 79% 70% 79>i
Bait & Ohio pfd SOU
Canadian Paclnc .. 100 116% 116»4 HO?*
Central of N J 159
Cfces Sc. Ohio 500 31 31 30»i
Chicago & Alton 38%
Chi & Alton pfd .... Sl%
Chicago &. Gt West 700 16 16 16
Chicago & N* W 170
Chi Mil & St Paul. 800 143»4 143H K3«i
C M 4 £t Paul pfd 176
Chi Term & Trans S%
Chi T & T pfd 17%
O C C & St Louis 73%
Colo Southern 100 16% 16% 16U
Cclo So 1st pfd 53
Colo So 2d pfd 400 22% 22H 22%
Del & Hudson 700 157% 157% 157 Vi
Del. Lack & West. 100 269% 269% 2(39%
Denver & Rio Gr .... 20^4
Den & Rio Gr pfd 60»4
Erie 4.100 25% 24% 24Tfc
ETle 1st prd 400 B3< 63% 63%
Erie 2d pfd 100 3&»4 3S»i 3S»4
Hocking Valley ... 100 67 67 67
Hocking Val pfd 8OU
Illinois Central .. 1O> 130% 130% 130Vi
Icwa Central 17%
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 35 35 35
K C Southern 200 17% 17% 18
K C Southern pfd 33
Loulsv & Nashv.. 107%
Manhattan L 100 142% 142% 142%
Metropol Securities • 77%
Met St Railway.. 200 112% 112% 112
Minn & St Louis 48
MStP&SSM.. 100 Cl 61 00%
M StP & SS M pfd 116
Missouri Pacific .. 100 t>2% 02% 92%
Mo Kann & Texas. 100 ! 17 17 17
M K & T pfd 100 37 37 36*4
N R R of Mex pfd 36%
X Y Central 115%
Norfolk & West... 500 67% 67 57
Nor & West pfd Sfi
Ontario & Western ftoo 21*fc 21% 2 1*4
Pennsylvania 5.700 117-j, 117%. 117%
P C C &. St Louis !W
Reading S.&OO 44% 44 44H
Reading 1st pfd 7SV t
P.eadlni? 2d pfd 61TA
Rock Island Co... l.ROO 22% 22«/ t 22«,4
Rook 1*1 and Co pfd 6OO Ki% «3% 63%
St L & S F 2d pfd. . 2Oi* 4«% 46% 4«
Pt Louis R W 13%
St Louis S W pfd 33*j
Southern Pacific .. 3,M>0 47% 47% 47%
Southern Railway . 000 2<>!i 20% 20%
Southern Ry pfd.. 400 S5 S4 »4\4
Texas & Pacific... 10O . 23 23 23
Tol St L & W»t.. 40O 2tf>-4 Sn\i 2RV4
T St L & W pfd.. 40O 39% StOK 39
Union Pacific 5.OOO MT£ "4 M
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 92 «2 91%
Wafcash f>00 IS IS IS
Wabash pfd 1.800 38 37% 37%
Wheel & Lake E 1«
Wisconsin Central 17*4
Wisconsin Cen pfd 3S%
Express Companies —
Adams 220
American 1*0
United States 1<V?
Wells-Fargo .... 205
Mlwellaneoue —
Amalgamated Cop.. 2.200 4S% 4R\4 4R%
Am Car & F 300 17% mi 17'4
Am Car & F pfd «>%
Amer Cotton Oil 29%
Aroer Cot Oil pfd 8*
American Ice «?4
Amer Ice pfd 500 2S 27% 27%
Amer Linseed Oil 8
Amer Lin Oil pfd 2»
Amer Locomotive 1»V4
Amer Loco pfd . . 100 81 61 80%
Amer*Sme!t & R 49%
Amer R & R pfd. 100 95% nS-% 95%
Amer Sugar Ref... 500 127% 127% I27V4
Anaconda MIn Co. 77
Brooklyn Rap T... 2.800 46% 46 46«/«
Colo Fuel & Iron 31%
Consolidated Gas . COO 200% 209H 20914
Corn Products mi
Corn Prod pfd 70%
Distillers' Secur 22
General Electric .. 300 100 159% 1WI%
Inter Paper 11^
Inter Paper pfd 60
Inter Pump 3S%
Inter Pump pfd 75
National Lead 100 JG% 16% 16%
North American .82%
Pacific Mall 100 2C 2« 2fl
People's Gar 400 97 97 07
Pressed Steel Car. 20
Preered Steel C pfd 71
Pullman Pal Car 210
Republic Steel 0%
Republic Steel pfd 42
Rubber Goods 15%
Rubber Goods pfd 100 77 77 77
Tenn Coal & Iron • 35%
TT S Leather 100 «% 6% fl%
TT S Leather pfd. 100 SO 80 79\£
TT S Realty • --.. *>\
TT P Realty pfd 600. 6*»i T.7 57%
TT S Rubber 4,000 17 17 17
IT S Rubber pfd... R00 67 ««% Cfl
IT S Steel 2.400, 10% 10% 10%
TT S Steel pfd C.flOO B«% B5% M%
WestingbouM Clen. 100 165 1S5 ISA
Western Union 8S*i
Total sales 70.SOO shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. April 30.— No bond transac
tions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4V«. asked 4%: preferred, bid
3C%. asked 3G%.
NEV7 YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO5%|L & N unified 4s.lOO%
Do coupon 105% Man con gold 4s. 102%
Do 3s reg 1W4 Mex Cent 4s ..... 67%
Do coupon 107^ Do 1st Inc.... 12%
Do new 4s reg.Kttli Minn & St L 4s.. 9*1
Do coupon 134 V4 M K ft. T 4s 100
Do old 4s reg.107% Do 2ds ..<. 78%
Do coupon 107% NR of Mex con 4a 73%
Atch ren 4s 100% N. T C gen 3%s.. 9S%
Do adj 4s 0U4 N J C gen 5s 129%
Atlantic C L 4s. 94% Nor Pac 4s 103%
Bal & Ohio 4s... 100% Do 3s 72%
Do 3%s 94% Nor & W con 4s.. 98
Central of Ga 6s.loo% OSL 4s & partlc. 04*4
Do 1st inc 70 Pa cbnv 3%s 97
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO2% Reading gen 4s... 98%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 77% 8L & I M con 5a.ll3
C. B & Q new 4s. 84% S Y. & S V ffr 4s. 82%
C.M & SP en 4s.I09% St Louis BW lsts.96%
C A NW con 7s. .129% I Seaboard A L 4s.. 68
C n I & Pac 4s. 73 So Pacific ......... 01 ;
Do col Kb 80% I Ho Railway Ss....l1S%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l"0%|Tex & Pac Ists..ll8%
Chi Term 4« .... 80% T. Et L & "W 4s. 70
Cons Tohacco'4s. R«T4!Unlon Pac 4s ....104*4
Colo & So 4s.... 85 ( Do conv ia 99%
New York Stocks and Bonds.
From the Crcn Builrtln. United States De-
T>rtn:er.t of Agriculture. Washington, D. C,
for the week ended April IS. 1904:
(Cm Englanu— Fruit buds in favorable con
dition.
. * New York— Condition of fruit %-ery back
" *'• New Jersey— Killing frosts did no Injury to
• tarly fruit buds.
Pennsylvania— Some reports of Injury to
!• „ fruit tiy *>tvcre ct.ld.
I Maryland and tK-lauar* — Fruit trees bloom
-• Ing in south: excellent outlook except for
l>each«-f. which may b* light.
Virginia — Fruit tut slijchtly injured by cold.
' ."-¦:.'. Carolina — Killing frost Sunday morn
• in£ dan!££c<l fruit in north central portion;
• • shipments of strawberries commenced. .
S'juth Carolina — Peaches variable, but a fair
• " commrrciai <rop indlcaied.
. • ti«-orsia — Some damage by bud worms In
' ex^rrme youth; recent froste seriously dam
aged p^achee In many northern counties, but
larfae yield ptlli promised.
' y I or iiia'— Citrus fruits holding well.
; AJabarr.s— Strawberries yielding well; fruit
prospects go«d in- middle and southern coun
'. tics.
•-llsstesirpi— Fruit somewhat damaged In
n?rth: elf «. where very promising.
Louisiana — Berries set back by low tem-
J*i4tture. .
at >. v:..« a « — Some peaches and pears Injured;
' ..ap^'its uninjured; prospects for berries excel
'. lent. '
• Ter.r.e£see>— Freeze Injured early tree fruits,
Etntwberries and tomatoes.
' Kentucky — Some peaches froien and some
"•other fruits badly damaged by frosts. .
. Missouri — Slight damage to peaches by re»
¦ ." cent frosts.
• Illinois — Fruits not much damaged by latest
COM.
Indiana — Fruit trees blooming In extreme
. eou«h; peache* further damaged.
-. We*t Virginia — Some early peaches, pears,
•.pples- and cherries killed by frost, but pros
- pecu for fruit still excellent.
rjhio — Peacfc*s badly killed except In ex
treme :'¦:'¦'.. &rid on high ridges In east; apple*.
•pear*-, cherries, plums and grapes In fair con
dition.
. Wisconsin — Apple trees reported In pood con
dition, but plums considerably damaged.
. " . -Iowa — No Injury appa-rect to fruits frora
freeing.
- -. Kansas — Some Injury to peachea.
Oklahoma and Indian Territories — Fruit
• <!a-rtiajrc<3 by frost In Indian Territory.
Idaho — Peaches and apricots setting.
. Colorado — Fruit over eastern slope damaged
by .freeze Saturday mornlr.g.
New Mexico — Frost badly cut peaches and
"apricots in southern orchards.
•" Utah— Fruit doing well.
TCevaga — FroEt on ICth did some damage to
frfilt bloom.
Washington — Peach, cherry, plum and early
prune trees In bloom.
•• Oregon — Fruit prospects best In yean.
Fruit Crop Report.
In Apr! I, f&03, the coinage consisted of
fr.76.OW in United States silver half dollars
and 1,206,000 Philippine silver pesos.
The coinage at the United States Branch
Mint in this city during the month of April.
;uet «aded. was wholly in silver and 3,044,000
pieces were coined, ol which 806,000 pieces
were in United l:lat>« silver and the balance.
2.23ft,<x.i0 pieces, ia Phillrpine sliver coins.
•T!;!e it the largest number of pieces of coin
ever turned out in a single month at th«
local mint. The coinage consisted of $576,000
Jn' ttsneard silver dollars and ?23,00<) In
dimes, rr.nking a total of $599,000 In United
i-tatcs silver coin, bffides the following Phil
iiciie coins: 7S0.0O0 jjesos. 108.000 50-cen
tavo pieces, equivalent to 54.000 peso*; 3S0.0OO
i;i>-ccntavo pieces, e<jui\aient to 66.W.) pesos,
ard l;020.0oi> 10-ccntavo pieces, equivalent to
102. Ow j-esus.
Heavy Coinage of Silver.
The Poultry rharket has been slenderly sup
plied with fine • large young fowls during the
past week and such stock cleaned up readily
from day to day at firm prices, while old and
small stock, which was In free supply through
out, was weak at unsteady rates. The market
closed rather weak and considerable quantity
of undesirable stock, both Western and local,
had to be carried over. Another car of West
ern falls due to-morrow.
Receipts of Game were only 12 tacks and
prices had but slight variation.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15@17c per lb;
Geese. perx pair. $16002; Goslings. ;
Ducks, $5 60®ti SO per dozen for old and $6 SO®
7 60 for younr* Hens, $6@7 for large and
$595 50 for small; young Roosters, $7 S0@
8 50; old Roosters. $5® 5 50; Fryers, $5@7;
Broilers, $3 50®4 50 for large and $2 50£2 75 for
small; Pigeons. $1 23® 1 50 per dozen for old
and $1 7502 for Squabs.
GAME — Gray Geese, $3 60@4 per dozen;
White Geese. $1 25<gl 75; Urant, $1 60®2 50:
Honkers. $4@5; English Snipe. $4; common
Snipe ' $175@2; Cottontail Rabbits, $1 75@2;
Brush Rabbits. 1 50; Hare. $1 50®l 75.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK— AdHI 30.— Close— Money on
call was nominal, no loans.
Time loans were easy, with sixty-day loans
at 2*4 per cent; ninety days, 2% per cent; six
months, 3>4&3% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, Z%Qi^i per cent.
Sterling exchange was steady with actual
buslnets In bankers' bills at $4 S7S4.S7O5 for
demand and at $4 S5S4.8510 for elxty-day
billB. "
Posted rates. $4 S6 and $4 SS.
Commercial bills. $4 84?i@4 S4%. ' f
Bar silver. M%c.
Mexican dollars. 43%c. «^
Bonds — Go\-ernments, steady; railroads,
heavy.
New York Money Market.
20O Evelyn SO'1200 Reacue 08
15CO MacNamara . 20 700 Ton Belmoa*.. 7o
2»5O Mont Ton...l 52%ll00O Ton Midway.. 30
900 Mont Ton ...1 So!
Morning 1 Session.
Following were the sale* on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :
TONOPAH MIN1NO EXCHANGE.
900 Alpha Con .. OflltOOO Julia. 09
400 Andes 25 600 Mexican 2 17%
50<> Belcher 27 100 Ophlr 5 87%
40O Chollar 22 100 Overman 34
200 Con C & V.I 67% 150 Savag* 37
600 Con C & Va.l 65 500 Yellow Jacket. 23
500 Con NY 02!
Following were the sales on th» Padflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
SCO Bullion 091 50 Mexican ..2 50
ICO Caledonia ... «2| 20O Ophlr ...'...5 87%
400 Caledonia ... 61 1 400 Overman 33
10O Caledonia ... 60 400 Overman ..... 32
200 Chollar 23 2Of> Potosl 2©
120« Chollar .. — .. 24 300 S««; Belcher .. 12
40O Con C & Va.l 65t 200 Sierra Nev* .. S»
300 Exchequer . . 2« 200 Yellow Jacket. 23
100 Mexican 2 151 *
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th« Baa Fraa«
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
Mining Stocks.
Money — 2%<53% per cent.
The rate of "discount in the open market for
shurt bills Is 2»4 per cent and for three months'
bills 2 5-16«?2% per cent.
Cons for money.. SOSlN* Y Central 119
Do for acct .... Sfl*i|N*or & Western.. 683*
Anaconda ' 4^1 Do pfd 90%
Atchtson 74*«!Ont & Western.. 22
Do pfd !>6 (Pennsylvania 60%
nal & Ohio 81 V4 Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 12014 Reading 22%
Chf« & Ohio 31%' Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West.. lfi%l Do 2d pfd 32
Chi. Mil & St P.147%!So Railway 21%
De Beers lOH Do pfd 87
Den & Rio G 20% So Pacific 49%
Do pfd ...:.... 72^4 Union Pacific .... 80%
Erie 25% - Do pfd 94^4
Do 1st pfd 63% U S Steel 1H4
Do 2d pfd 40 Do pfd 57%
111 Central 134 Wabaah 19
Louis & Nash... 110 Do pfd 39
M. K & Texas.... 17%
Bar silver — Quiet. 25%d per ounce.
London Closing Stocks.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO, April 30. — CATTLE— Receipts.
500. Good to crime steers, $!>fff5 60: poor to
medium, $3 9004 85; stockers and feeders, $3®
4 r.0; rows. $1 5064 35; - heifers, $2 25@4 75;
caunera SI 50iS2 ui>; bulls, $2 25«?4; calves,
$2 5O«r5" "5; Texas fed steers. $4J34 60.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 14.000; Monday, 40,
000; 5!? 10c. lower; mixed and butchers'
$4 75<&>4 1K»: good to choice heavy, ti R0<?4 90;
rough htavy, $4 70<?4 80; light, $4 55@4 75;
bulk of sales, $4 75@4 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000. Shtes and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers. $4 75@5 63 :
fair to choice mixed. $3 75(34 75: Western
sheep clipped, $5^5 65; native lambs, $4 250?
5 90; 'Western Iambs, clipped, $4 75@6; West
ern lambs, wooled, $6@7.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
Th* receipts of duties on imports at the
San Francisco Custom-house in April were
' JS79,6b*. against $626,211 in April. 1903. For
•the first liter months of the year the receipts
, were $-'.£18,745, apainn $2.6S4.925 during the
Mint i>ericd in 1903.
Duties on Imports.
Local bank clearings last week were $26.
" E21.S3S. against $31,854,293 for the same week
I last year.. Those for April were $121,241,901.
-against $127.78S.493 in April. 1903. Those for
" the -first four months of the year were $483,
lC2,4t2. agalnrt $600,719,262 for the corre
sponding period in 1903. These figures chow
a loss for the week, the month and the past
t»ur months, compared with the preceding
ye,ar. un<i as far as they ar* an index to the
. volume o£ 'trade they indicate Just so much
diminution in the movement of merchandise.
Bank Clearings.
er Sunday, possibly showers by night; fresh
southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday;
brink tD high westerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Sunday,
probably showers; fresh southerly winds.
Al G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 6%c spct and 5%c June-
July; San Quentln. $5 40; Wool Bags, 32335c;
Fleece Twine. 7®8c.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per. ton: New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle, $6 50: Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $6: Stanford, $7; Roslyn, $7: Coos
Bay $5 50; Greta, $7: Wallsend, $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50813
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per 2OuO lbs and $12 SO
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c; Linseed, 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in caset, 'No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12: Lucol, 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 60@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels, 58c for Ceylon and S3c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 85c; natural winter. Sperm Oil. 80c; extra
bleached winter, Whale Oil, 65c; natural Whale
Oil 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil, tOc; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75o;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light Herring Oil.
»5c; dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 38c:
boiled Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled
Paint Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c: Pearl Oil. In cases, 20%c; Astral, 20%c;
Star. 20%c; Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 2«%c;
Eocene. 23%c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk 16c; in cases. 22%c; Benzine, In bulk.
13c: In cases. 19 %c: SO-degree* Gasoline in
bulk, 25c; in cases, 31c
TURPENTINE^ — 81c per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. '&
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7@7%c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnlns Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.75c;
Powdered 5.W)c; Candy Granulated. 5.C0c;
Dry Granulated, fine. . 5.50c; Dry Granu
lated, coarse, 5.50c; Fruit Granulated, 5.50c;
Beet Granulated (ICO-lb bags only). 5.40c;
Confectioners' A, 5.50c; Masnolla A, 6.10c;
Extra Cr 6c: Golden C, 4.90c: "D."
4.60c; barrels. 10c more; half barrels, 25c more;
boxes', SOc more; 50-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets — Half barrels, tic; boxes,
fi 25c; H. & E. Crystal Dominos. 8.50c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or its equivalent..
General Merchandise.
CHICAGO. April 30. — On the Produce " Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creamery. 14®23c; dairy. 13021c; eggs, steady,
16@16y.c; cheese, easy. 9@10%c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
' Bid. Ask. I Bid. Aak.
Bay CPC 6s. — 80 |SF & NHP 3a. — 111%
B L Wat 6s. — 117% S P C R 4a. — 100
Cal NW 5s..lOS%110% ? P Co 4%s.l0O%10m
M C Wat 5s.lOO — Sun Tel 6s. .113 —
RIs I Wks5s — 107% Puttr-st R3».1O5 113
SF Drdk 5s — 113%|UR of SF 4s. 76% 77tf
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 24 \ — Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 88 — Nev Nat Bk. — 200
Cal G&ECor. 40 — N 8 R R Co. »K —
C Jockey C1.120 150 N Cal P Co. It 11%
Cal Powder. 125 — Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T Con.. 76 —
Cal T I & T — 135 IOOF Hall A « —
Cen Bk Oak 64 65 Orpneum Co.. 14 —
Chutes Co .. — 7% Pac Cas Co. .113 150
City & C Bk — 112 Pac S Tel... — 103
Cyp L Imp.. 6 — Paraf Paint.. M —
East Dynm- — 250 8 F Drydock 60 —
DnntPwd pfd 80 90 SF&9J Coal. — 3i»
Do com . . — 60 S J Wat Co. — 106
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — SO A MTgbt.123 — -
Fischer Thtr — 1% Swlss-A Bk.115 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — Truck Elect. 13% 12%
Gas Con A.. — 22 UR InC pfd. 42 —
Hon P Co.. — 14% Do com ... 9 — .
Lon& SF Bk — 60 |
Unlisted Securities.
. CHICAGO. April 30.— Cash quotations were
I as follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat.
90@04c: No 3. 85<?93c; No. 2 red. $1@1 02: No.
2 corn. 47%@4S%c; No. 2 yellow. 51%@52c;
No. 2 oats. 40%@41%c: No. 3 white, 40<?43%c;
No. 2 rye, 70c; good feeding barley, 30i?31%c:
fair to choice malting. 45<g55c: No. 1 flaxse^d.
Jl 01; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 08%: prime tim
othy seed. 95q; meas pork, per bbl. $11 60®
11 Go; lard, per 100 lbs. $6 50@6 52% : short
ribs sides (loose). $6 02@6 20; short clear sides
' (boxed) ?f> 50(i6 75; whisky, basis of -high
I wines, $1 28; clover, contract grade. $10 76.
I Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17 300 17,600
Wheat bushela 13.000 30,100
Corn bushels 158.400 102.600
Oats bushels 85,600 196,800
Rye.' bushels 2.000 800
Barley, bushels 64,800 63,000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
15 Hawaiian Coml tt Sugar 49 00
$3,000 S F & S J V S per cent 115 SO
35 Hawaiian Com! & Sugar 49 00
20 S F Gas & Electric 63 25
SO S F Gas & Electric 62 37%
$1,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s.. 93 00
Street —
Money— ju S Steel 10%
Call loans 2%@r,%j Do pfd 55; a
Time loans ...3%@4% Westing Common. 78
Bonds — . j Mining —
Atchlson 48 09 Vi Adventure ........ 2
Do adj 4s 91 Allouez/ 5
Mex Cent 4s t!5 Amal Copper .... 48V*
Railroads — Amer Zinc 10
Atchlson 72% Atlantic 7%
Do pfd 93 JBlngham ..* 21
Boston & Albany.248 | Calumet & Hecla.465
I Boston & Maine.lC7% Centennial 19%
Boston Elev .....141 (Copper Range .... 40%
FU^»-urK pfd 13S | Daly West 22
Mex Centtral 6%iDcm Coal C5
N Y. N H & H..1SRV* I Franklin 7%
Pere Marquette.. 70% Grancy 4
Union Pacific 84 Isle Royals 7
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 4
Amer Arge Chem. 13 Michigan 4%
Do pfd 71 Mohawk 40%
.Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal & Coke 2">*
Amer Pugar 127 H Old Dominion ..". 12%
Do pfd 126'ilOsceola 56
Amer Tel & Tel.l2fi ! »4 1 Parrot 23%
Amer Woolen ... 10'4lQuincy S2Vi
Do pfd 74%!Shannon 8
Dom Iron & S... 9%!Tamarack SR
Ed Elect Ilium.. 23* j Trinity 3!i
G«i Electric 1.19 IU S Mining 20>i
Mass Electric 19% U S Oil !>%
Do pfd 73 Utah 33%
Mass Gas 3!>% Victoria 3
United Fruit 107 Winona 0
Un Shoe Mach... 49% Wolverine 71
Do pfd 29
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 9&9c; Cows and Heifers,
76$c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb. .
CALVES — 4g4Vic per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4©4%c; Ewes. 3Vi©4c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 50 per head.
HOGS- -Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 5%c;
over 2<* lbs. 6%@5%c; soft Hogs. 4%©5V*c;
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off,
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. : ". .-¦-¦.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7®8c for Steers and CQ7o per lb for
VEAL— Large. 8©9c; small. 8%®9%c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@9c: Ewes, 8®8%c
per lb.
LAMB— 11011%c per lb.
PORK — Dreused Hogs. 6% 09c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Quotations for all kinds remain unchanged.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, $1 50
0*1 65 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 SCSI 75
per ctl; River Reds, $1©1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon 'B'irbanks for seed, $1 25@1 50 per ctl;
Garnet* Chiles, $1 75@2 per ctl; Early Rose.
$1 40(31 60 per ctl; new Potatoes, 2©2%c per
pound.
ONIONS— Yellow, $2 5032 75 per ctl for Ore
gon and $2 »O@3 25 for Australian; Grten
Onions 25®40c per box.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 6@9c per • lb;
Rhubarb, 35iSf75c per box: Green Peas, 75c@
$1 SO per sack; Garden Peas. 2%c per lb; String
Beans, lO(fi.l5c p«r lb: Tomatoes, $1 25<ai 50 per
box or crate for Los Angeles, and $12.13175
for Mexican; Summer Squash. $1@1 50 per
box; Cabbage." $1 60 per Ctl; Carrots. 50c pei
sack: Hothouse Cucumbers. ?5c@l 25 per
dozen; Garlic, 15c per lb; Egg Plant. 20®25c
per lb; Dried Peppers. 8@10c for sun-dried
and 12%Q13c per lb for evaporated; Dried
Okra ' li%@16c per lb; Green Peppers, 15@20c
per lb; Marrowfat Squash, Jobbing at l%@2c
per lb.
Trade In the ' Potato market was rather
quiet, as buyers .were apathetic and sellers
were Indifferent about letting go of their hold*
Ings at the prevailing prices. Small parcels
of the best •¦ Oregon Burbanks were sold on
the wharf at $1 80 per cental. It Is states
on good authority that there are . less than
60.000 sacks of Potatoes left In Oregon and
practically, all of those are in the hands of
speculators. New Potatoes continued to de
cline under steadily increasing receipts and
there was quite a heavy surplus of email
stock still on hand at the close. Yellow
Onions were unchanged, while Green continued
to weaken. ,New Red from the river, were of
fering in small quantities and sold slowly at
2c per pound.
Receipts of Asparagus were almost double
those of the preceding day, but the market was
held steady by a good demand for local con
sumption, shipping account andjcannlng. The
canners secured a considerable quantity of No.
2 at the minimum quotation and higher price*
were obtained from the regular ¦ trade for the
best stock. Rhubarb and Peas continued weak,
with supplies far in excess of requirements.
Los . Angeles vegetables were In good request
and cleaned up well at steady rates.
Receipts of vegetables included 1153 boxes
of Asparagus, 756 boxes of Rhubarb and 6S1
sacks of Peas. i
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Local Bank Clearings shozv a steady decrease from 1903.
'Wnll-strcct Stocks rather lower on the day.
Local Share market extremely quiet.
Stiver slightly lower. Exchange rates undisturbed.
Wheat and Barley close the week quietly, the latter higher.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hav weak and freely offered. Feedstuff s rule firm.
Pink Beans firm and in demand for the East.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still in good supply.
Decline in Raisins expected to improve the movement.
Provisions inactive here and in the West.
No change in Cattle, Sheep and Hogs.
Potatoes in liberal supply and quiet. Onions zvcak.
Not. much change in Summer Vegetables.
Poultry market ovcrsupplied with poor fowl.
Cool,, gloomy weather checks the demand for Oranges.
Pineapples coming into this market from Cuba.
Adams Con ..... 20! Little Chief 05
Alice 35lOntario 3 75
Breece lOlOphir 5 50
lfruns Con 04|Potosl 03
Com Tunnel .... O.l| Savage 33
Con Cal & Va.. 1 53| Sierra Nev 55
Horn Silver .....* 1 35 Small Hopes .... 15
Iron Silver 1 75| Standard 2 00
Leadvllle Con ... 021 *
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS,
C F & I con Cs. 70%jU S Steel 2d 6s.. 76%
Den & Rio G 4s.. 0S%|\Vabash lsts 118
Eric prior lien 4s. 98% j Do deb B 61%
F W & D C lsts.H7',i|\V & L Erie 4s... 89
F W.& D C lsts. 17Vi|Wls Cent 4s 90%
Hock Val 4%s 10C%|
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
the diy. the market closing firm. July closed
at ¦ 3H%c May closed . at 4©^ic .
The principal business in provisions was in
the way df changing ; from May to July,", al
though : there was ' some liquidation through
commission houses.'., July pork closed 7V4c
lower,' July lard closed 6<3>"Vic lower and ribs
were down 25£3f5c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May : 89 00 89T4 B9%
July (old)....*. 8« 86ft 85% ««S-
July (new) 84% , 85"* 84% 85>4
Sept. (old) 81% 82V& 81ft 81%
Sept. (new) fiOVi 80% 80% 80%
Corn No. 2 —
May 46 1 * 46% 46V* 46%
July 4S% ¦• 48% 47% 48H
September 48% 4S>4 47% 48%
Oats No. 2—
May 40% 41 40% 40%
July 39 S0% 39 89%
September 31 31 ft 30% 31 Vi.
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 11 72% 11 72% 11 62% 11 62%
July 12 02% 12 07% 11 95 11 97%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 6 62% 6 82% 6 60 6 50
July ....' 6 70 6 72% 6 67% 6 67%
September ..... 6 80 6 85 6 80 .6 82%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 0 25 ,0 27% 6 15 6 17%
July 6 42%' 6 45 6 40 6 42%
September 6 57% 6 60 6 05 6 S7%
and ara still, going out of the State at the rate
of 2CC0 sacks per week, .and as the supply Is
estimated at 20, COO sacks It I will be seen that
if this movement keeps up the stock will be
exhausted In ten weeks. • They are being
shipped East as far as Virginia. There Is a
fair- call for assorted ' cars for Texas, but this
moxement . Is light. Small White are In mod
erate demand, but the Eastern markets are low
and holders here | are not ! disposed to sell to
meet the Eastern prices. Llmas are : still
quoted firm but quiet.'- , :
Brown Mustard Seed Is higher and very firm.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 35@2 50: Pea.- $3*33 25:
Butters, $3 5CKrr3 75; small White,- 92 90@3 10;
large White, $2 4002 65: Pink, $3 35(33 SO;
Red. U 50: Lima. $3 25#3 30;. Red Kidneys.
$4 50@5: Blackeye, |1 00@2 10 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2@>2 SO.
SEEDS — Brown -Mustard. $494 23; -Yellow
Mustard. $303 25: Flax. $1 80@l 00: Canary.
5H«T5«ic for Eastern: Alfalfa, 14«4@16o: Rape.
19402c: Timothy, tiffti^c; Hemp, 3Vj@*c per
lb; Millet. 3@3#c; Broom Cora Seed. $20<32l
per ton. • ' ,- :
DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Niles,
$3 25; Green Peas, $3®3 25.
again.' Quotations are steady and unchanged.
HIDES AND SKIN'S — Culls and brands sell
about &@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9 Vic: medium. S^c; light, 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
Ge: Salted Kip. Dc; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides, 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@3Oc each;
short Wool. 4OIJC5c each; medium. T0@UOc: long
Wool. $1®1 60; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $-&~ SO for medium. $1 25® 1 75 for
small and SOc for Colts. Horse Hides, "dry,
$1 75 for large and $1 SO for medium, $ 1®1 25
for email and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 31c: dry Salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins— Prime An
gorns, 75c; large and smooth. SOc; medium,
35c; small. 2Oc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4Vi<3-*V4c per lb;
No 2 3%<g4c; grease. 2Vj@3c.
WOOL — Spring clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. 12 months'. 9@llc; do 1 months'. 8@10c
per lb; Middle Counties, 12016c for free and
llijfHc for defective; NortLern. lo'glTc for iree
and 13® 15c for defective; Nevada, 12gl5c, ac
cording to condition.
HOPS — 24©27c per lb for California, 1903,
»nd"17%©20c for crop of 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY; 1, 1904.
Beans and Seeds,
Pink Beans are very" firm 'and < the situation
In them is bullish. - They have lor some . time,
The Western •. market • for Hides is reported
more . active, - as J large concerns - - are buying
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
45
¦ If any part of this paper Is
missing please notify this office
at once.
Contains Fifty-Two Pages and
the Art Supplement,
"COSTLY TOYS."
TO-DAY'S CAUL
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION
On MONDAY. May 2. at 11 o'clock at Grort-
Street Stable, 122 Grove street, I will fell th*
entire contents of one of the oldest established
livery stables In the city. Stock consists of 40
head of well broken horses. 3 fine carriages. 12
good road and business buggies, surreys, cart*
and 30 sets of single and double harness. Tb*
above stock la all In- good condition and moat
positively be sold. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
#\_ JTST ARRIVED and will be sold at
>-S» auction— 1 car of CHEAP HORSES. 100
styles of wagons, surreys, buggies, carts and
all kinds of rubber- tired vehicles. 71 seta stngU
and double harness, at 1140 FOLSOM. TUES-
DAT. MAT 3. 11 a. m. WILLIAM CLOUGH.
Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANG1SCO CALt, SUNDAY, MAY 1, 1904.
46
REAL ' ESTATE;— CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
;«38 MARKET ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY .*. .. MAY 10, 1904
- At our ealesrooms at 12 o'clock noon.
DOWNTOWN CORNER.
Northeast corner of Pine and Jones St.; lot
43x82:6;, Nos. 1098 Pine and 1004 Jonea st:
Improvements consist of large, frame building
containing 22 rooms. Including furniture, etc.,
leased for 5 yeare at a monthly rental of $210;
alao a substantial residence containing 11
rooma and bath renting for $50 per month.
leased for , one year. This property will ba
aold to close an estate; price will be subject
to the confirmation of the Probate Court.
MASON-STREET INVESTMENT. .
No. 608 Mason St., 82 feet north of Post:
Improvementa consist of 2-story •dwelling, con-
ajatlng of 7 rooms and bath and renting for
$50 per month; water payable 'by tenant:
mortgage of $3000 at 6 per cent; could obtain
8 time* this amount. ¦ Thla property is partic-
ularly valuable, being immediately adjacent
to tha corner.
_• BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
, S.E; corner of Page and Lyon ate.; lot S5x
100 -feet; Improvementa consist of a modern
3-etory building, consisting of 2 spacious
stores and 2 modern flats containing 8-9 rooms,
porcelain baths, finished attic, etc.; perma-
nently rented for $180 per month.
SEVENTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 316-816% Seventh at.. SB. of
roisom at; Improvementa consist of 2 very
nne flats of 8-4 rooms; rent $30 per month;
property in close proximity to the new Post-
office. ¦ »¦-.
„ DOWN-TOWN BUILDING LOT.
, "• llne ot Fulton et.. 150 west of Larkin:
lot 25x120 feet, through to Ivy ave.; this is an
exceptionally desirable Bite, being absolutely
level and in the business vicinity. It would
be a particularly choice location for the erec- j
tion of stores and flats, being only one-quar-
ter of a block from the New City Hall; mort-
gage of $3500 can remain
• ,*1I. MISSION COTTAGE. .
No. 4033 19th st.. near Hartford: a new
modern cottage containing 5 rooms, porcelain
oath, patent flush toilet, open plumbing.
MISSION BUILDING LOT. • i
Lot en the west line of Chenery st, 175
feet N. of Randall; lot 25x125 feet
_ MISSION CORNER.
S.E corner of 19th and Sanchez ate.; ex-
tremely large lots, 67x105 feet: etorea and
flats erected on this ' property could be made
to pay handsomely.
MISSION FLATS.
Noe. 64-86 Sycamore ave., bet 17th and 18th
sta. ¦ eaat of Valencia; lot 26x100; Improve-
ments consist of 2 very fine flata of 4-6 rooms
each;, rents $30 per month.
DOWN-TOWN COTTAGE.
Northerly line of Valparaiso at., feet
east of Taylor: lot 23x60: improvement con-
sist of a cottage of 5 rooms, renting for $15
per month. ,
.. TEHAMA-STREET FLATS.
No. 440-42 Tehama st, west of 5th at; im-
provemente two very fine flata of 6-6 rooms and
os-th, renting . for $45 per month. This is a
safe investment and should be taken advan-
tage of. For further particulars, apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGB & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
... tM 638 MARKET STREET.
$41,000 — 4- story and attic apartment houee.
containing 22 aeparate apartmenta of 2-3-4
rooms and bath; toilet In each; brand new; se-
cured lease of ten years; first five, years. $4S0O
per year; the following flvs years, $5400 per
vear net; tenants pay for all repairs, water
bins, etc.; surety bond lease.
$40.000 — Montgomery- ave. -roslnees oorner:
frontage on four etreeta; 87 foot frontage;
property occupied as store and dwelling house,
rather old; rents for $200 per month. -
$16,000 — Callfornla-st. corner; UO foot front-
age; 3 elegant residences thereon; rent $115 per ;
month; room for speculation.
$15.000— Northwest corner. 40-foot frontage,
on Kearny at., containing grocery, bar ana
basement; also 2 flats, renting for $140 per !
month; could be Increased to $160 per month
.without the losa of a aingle tenant: $6000 mort-
gage on premises at present; could easily ob-
tain more.
$9760 — 3 new flats on Waller at., near Web-
ster; 6-5-9 rooma and bath; elegant mantels;
rents $02 50 per month.
$3500 — 2 modern flats, 8-4 rooms and por-
celain bath; Sanchez at; rent $30 per month:
can be bought by paying $1000 cash; mortgage 1
at 6 per cent; balance payable at $40 per
month.
JSOOO — I9th at. near Guerrero: 4 beaut'ful
flats of 6-6-6-7 rooms and baths; modern
open plumbing; flats in perfect condition; rents !
$77 per month; lot 60 foot frontage; this Is the
cheapest piece on 19th at.
$6150— Broderick-st. residence of 8 rooms and
porcelain bath; open plumbing; a positive sac-
rifice.
$6000 — Leavenworth-Bt. corner, consisting of
store and flat above of 6 rooms; also atable in
the rear; renta $00 per month.
$6000— Building lot on Jackson at. near Bu-
chanan; decidedly choice piece of property In
neighborhood where sites are exceedingly
scarce.
$6000—3 Mission flata of 4-4-5 rooms and
bath; new, modern plumbing; flats In excellent,
first-class condition; bitumlnlzed streets; ex-
cellent neighborhood; present rent $53 per
month; would stand an lncrease : of 20 per cent.
$6000— 19th st; 2 perfect beauties; flats of
6-7 rooms and bath; rents $55 per month;
mortgage of $4000 easily obtained.
$5000 — Flllmore st.. near Greenwich; 82 foot
frontage; 2 Btores and living rooms; perma-
nently rented; eoclal or lodge hall above, al-
most nightly rented at the rate of $5 per night;
rent of stores $24 per month.
$4000—2 little flats In the Western Addition;
4 rooms and bath; brick foundation; rent $31
per month.
$3700— 23d et, near Vlcksburg; beautiful 2-
story house, 8 rooms and bath; stable to ac-
commodate 2 horses; 33 foot-frontage; rent $30
per month. ; ' '
$3600 — Pine st, near Devisadero;'. 2- story
house, containing 6 rooms and bath.
$3500— Gavin place; 4 small flats of 4-4-4-5
rooms: cellar to each flat; rent for $3G; never
Idle; this Is a snap.
$3500—2 flats on Clara at., near 4th; 6 rooms
and bath; new foundation: modern plumbing;
flush toilets, etc.; rents $33 pen month.
$2250 — Cottage, containing 8 rooms and bath;
everything In first-class condition; 8 foot base-
ment; excellent garden; situated in the warm
belt of the Mission.
$5C0 each— $50 cash, balance In email
monthly Installments; 6 lots; on 47th ave.,
close to the car line and ocean boulevard; this
portion of San Francisco is becoming very pop-
ular for aummer residences; buy one. to-day
and keep It for the babies; it will become
valuable.
EASTON. ELDRIDGH & CO.,
638 MARKET ST.
McAFED BROTHERS.
REAL ESTATE- AGENTS,
108 Montgomery at.
Phone Main 78.
$8.600 — Two modern flata, 6 and 7 rooma; Clay
at., near Baker; lot 25x127 :SU feet;
renta $75.
$4,350— Panhandle cottage, 7 rooms; lot 25@S0
feet: modern.
$7,000 — Mission residence, 12 rooms; near
Guerrero at, between 19th and 20th sts. ;
lot 60x114 feet; rents $40.
$30.000 — Fine marine view residence; Vallejo
St., near Octavla: lot 74:3x137:6 feet; 2-
etory residence of 16 rooms; elegantly
finished In natural woods; grounds in
fine 'order; unobstructed marine view.
$3,250 — Lot on Green St., near Octavla; size
29:8x137:6 feet.
$1.600 — Lot on Sixth ave., near Presidio wall:
alze 29x120 feet ,
$3,200 — Two cheap lots In Presidio Heights:
Laurel st., near Sacramento.
Send' for list of cheap lots in all parts of the
city.
Go to Wlllard and Frederick ats.. 1 block
west of Stanyan, and see the new flats Just
completed: agent will be on hand from 12 m.
to 6 p. m.
McAFKE BROTHERS.
IPS MONTGOMERY ST.
HAWKS & SKELTON, ~
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$13,500 — Fine house; Leavenworth. near Clay;
» rooma and bath; laundry In basement:
building In flrst-claaa condition; view of
Golden Gate from rear.
$7,350 — Marine view lot; Hyde et, near Chest-
nut; 36:SxllO: very fine view assured:
new building each elde of It; on Hyde-
et. car line.
$7,000— Octavla st. near Broadway: good
house of 7 rooma and bath; fine view of
bay from front and rear: bare lot is
worth the price: 25x137; make offer.
¦ - - . _, .¦ ¦
$5,760— NW. cor. Douglasa and* 28th ets.: a
good investment; 23 lots for only $250
each.
$4,500 — For 7 lots; Vermont, near 25th at;
good piece to improve and sell.
HAWKS & BKELTON. 323 Montgomery at.
L. OESTERREICHER, 304 Montgomery et.
$12,000 — Business cor.: Devisadero et; old
Improvements; 37:6x100; speculative.
$6000 — Filbert <st. near Mason: fine new
2 fiat*: 5-6 rooms and bath,' etc.; 22:6x85.
$4300 — Laguna.'near Union st: 2 new flats;
high basement and garden; 25x112:6.
V... $14,600 — Ellis, near Flllmore: new 3 flata
of 6-7-7 rooms: 25x112:6; rent $1425. •
$9600— Pest, near -Broderlek: 3 new flata;
25x137:6; rent $950. . .
$6000— Natoma, near Sixth; rent $76; bar-
gain.
$7000 — Belvedere at., near Waller; elegant
residence, » rooms, bath, hardwood finish,
cement basement,, garden, . etc. ; 25x112:6;
beautiful location: select neighborhood.
$8000 — Waller, near Shrader et. ; -. splendid
X" 2 flats; 0 and 8 rooms, bath, basement, etc;
rent $850; 25x110; full value. . .
$ti000 — Sutter st., near Baker: fine. 2 flata
in first-class condition; 26x137:6.
. - Cheap . lots In the city; Land Association
. and - Gift . Maps. ~ta— w*a*~*M^tffcfcagift&3B9*£_S
L. OESTERnElCHER. 304 Montgomery at.
INCOME property;, south of Market and China-
¦ town; .homes Richmond, Sunset Mission dis-
tricts: printed list city and country property ;-
exchanges. ,W. ; J. White, 1 26 Montgomery, r.6.
ALFALFA : lands, etock ranches, orchards,
vinej'ards:- inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 618
Market st.
I P^h;^!^ S rT:^TJ?rr5 ;I^y'^r^P- n '-,---?— '-_-:
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 POST ST.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$25,000.
Vicinity O'Farrell Geary and Jonee at: fine
lot; sunny location; guaranteed to pay over 10
per cent net on total Investment of $50,000;
this is a bargain worth investigating.
$10,250 — Splendid building of 2 flata of 7 rooms
and bath each; large lot, 35 feet front-
age, on east aide of atreet, with aunny
exposure; rents $05 per month; price
reduced for immediate sale; ¦ Presidio
Heights district; close to Sacramento-
at cars. '
$6,700 — Renta $58 per month; Broadway, near
Hyde- st. cars; 2 flata of 4 and 6
rooma and bath each; rear houae of 3
rooms; always rented.
$10,000— Rents $900 per year; 3 flats on Hayes
st. of 6, 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
lot 25x137:6; this' la worth investigating.
$5,750— Renta $52 per month; building on
California at. of 3 small flata. which are
always occupied; separate entrances;
the plumbing In good order; part cash
If desired.
$5,500— Renta $68 per month: large lot, 60x
137:6, on a main atreet. - near Union;
no small thoroughfare; 6 aeparate ten-
ants; each of 4 and 5 rooma; a splendid
income property; call for partlculara of
- thia at once. . ', .
$4,750— New residence on tha north, aunny
aide of Clement at., cars passing; splen-
did marine view; house has 7 rooms and
bath; lot 25x100.
$13.000— Monthly rentals $136; new building of
6 aeparate flats of 6 rooms and bath
each: half block from Sutter-st cars;
lot 60x120; splendid Income paying prop-
erty.
$70,000 — Large downtown holding on a promt-
nent^corner; 2 blocks below Market;
100x150; renta $4200 per annum; store
and Cats.
$20,600— Rents $1800 per annum: large down-
town business corner, north of Market
st. and east of Larkin. on car line;
storea and dwellings In good condition;
profit can bo realized on thla holding
In short time.
$7,250 — At Junction Guerrero at. and San Joae
ave.; price $7250; only $3250 cash re-
quired; new building of 2 atores and 2
flata; lot 36:8x87:10; renta $71 per
month; mortgage of $4000 at 6 per
cent per annum can remain, leaving $51
per month gross for the $3250 cash in-
vested; more than 18 per cent on the
money Invested; street bitumlnlzed,
• cement sidewalk, brick foundation. 8-
foot basement; porcelain baths, patent
flush water closets, cement washtrava,
new gas fixtures and plumbing.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post at
BRANCH office cf
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
Corner H at. and Seventh ave.,
Fronting Golden Gate Park.
Office open every day. including Sundaya and
I holidays. Horse and phaeton to ahow property:
eplendld ltne of choice building lots in Sunset
District. Parnassus Heights and Richmond.
Terms — $50 to $100 cash. ¦
PROPERTY OWNERS.
Parties owning property In Richmond and
Sunset districts will find it to their advantage
to list their property with us. either for sale
or rent. We have an office right on the ground
to facilitate business. Open every day In the
year. Cor. H et and 7th ave., fronting the i
Park.
GRAND
AUCTION SALE
AND EXCURSION
TO
SAN.TA CRUZ SANTA CRUZ
THE- QUEEN OF AMERICAN WATERING
PLACES.
SATURDAY. MAY 7. 1904.
SATURDAT, MAY 7, 1904.
I 300 HOMESTEAD AND VILLA LOTS 300
THE MOST IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
OK THE SEASON.
$3 00 ROUND TRIP TICKET $3 00
$3 00 ROUND TRIP TICKET $3 00
GOOD TO RETURN SUNDAY.
NEW SANTA CRUZ.
Improvements which will Involve an expendi-
ture of about $250,000 are now under way,
and with tlie opening of the season of 1904
the tourist and pleasure seeker to thla beau-
tiful resort place will witness such a trans-
formation of the bathing beach as will fur-
nish wonderment to the mind and delight
to the eyes and e^nses.
We will offer at thla sale that beautiful prop-
erty known as the >
COTTAGE CITY TRACT
consisting of
300 SUPERB AND SIGHTLY BUILDING
LOTS 300
Fronting on the San Lorenzo River, command-
Ing a panoramic view of Monterey Bay, the
city of Santa Cruz and adjacent to the new
and mamlncent Cottage and Tent City.
Lots SO to '60 feet frontage by 120 deep to a
15-foot alley; lots level — on grade; streets
sewered; water pipes in and all ready to
build on.
The croPTty Is on high land and borders on
both the San Lorenzo River and the Bay
of Monterey and from which magnificent
vistas can be obtained ot mountain, ocean
and forest scenery.
These beautiful lots are within from five to
eight mlnutea' walk of the great bathing
establishment and adjoin Seabriirht Park.
The Santa Cruz and Capltola electric line runs
through the tract, fifteen minutes ride
bringing one to Capitola, while on the other
hand ten minutes' ride will enable one to
reach the heart of the city of Santa Cruz.
Seabrisht depot, located on the S. P. Com-
pany's line la within three minutes' walk,
while the beautiful Twin Lakes lie but a
short distance to the east.
SPECIAL EXCURSION TRAINS.
SPECIAL EXCURSION TRAINS.
From From Third and Townsend street de-
pot, San Francisco, Saturday, May 7, 1904, at
7:30 a. m.
Krom Fourteenth and Webster streets, Oak.
land, at 7:45 a. m.
From Park street Alameda, 8:20 a. m.
Returning, enectal trains will leave Santa
Cruz May 7, as follows:
Via Broadgauge and Pajaro at 4:15 p. m.
Via narrowgauge and Lea Gatos at 4:20 p.m.
Excursion tickets will also be good return-
Ing on any regular broad or narrow gauge,
Sunday, May 8. . .
The round trip rate from San Francisco,
Oakland or Alameda will be Three Dollars ($3).
From San Jose the rate will be $1 75 and pro-
portionately low rates from Intermedlate8 will
be announced.
LUNCH ON THE GROUNDS.
Arrangements have been made whereby the
ladiea of the East Santa Cruz Improvement
Society will provide a fine lunch In the open
and for which they will charge a moderate
sum.
For maps and full particulars apply to.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. "^
25 POST STREET.
BURNIIAM & MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery st.
$.25.000— CORNER ON GEARY ST.
Largn lot and 7-story brick and steel con-
structed building; rent $1445 a month; one
tenant; secured lease. .
1 BLOCK FROM MARKET AND KEARNY.
$210,000 — Large comer; 80x160; rents from
old Improvements almost $,1000 a month; ten-
ant will take 10 years' lease at good interest
If Improved. •
A BIG SNAP.
$25.500— RENT $190 A MONTH.
New S-story building; 2 fronte: low rents and
right In town; eaat of Van Ness ave.
FORECLOSURE SALE.'
$7000—2 flats near Van Nesa ave.: building
almott new and coat $6000 to build; large lot.
20:6x137:6: muat be sold. ..
$4550— RENT $45 A MONTH.
Store and flat; few feet from 6th at.; always
rented.
$2100— RENT $25 A MONTH.
For 2 flats at North Beach.
BURNIIAM & MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery at
KEY ROUTB.
KEY ROUTE.
OUR BERKELEY LOTS ARE SELLING FAST
and are aure to advance rapidly In value.
Berkeley lc the beat suburb of San Francisco.
A grand place for homes. People who . pur-
chaned lota of us In last few days will at once
build five homes. Now Is t ho time to buy.
Close to Key Route. Boata and electric tralna
every 20 minutes. Fme view of Golden Gate.
PACIFIC COAST TRUST CO.. 708 Market st,
San Ftanclaco, rooma 604-5. . ,
$5 PER MONTH
Investigate the city of Richmond* where the
Standard Oil Company. Santa Fe Railroad
Company, Southern Pacific Railroad Company
and numerous manufacturing , plants are at
S work. Lots are sure to increase in value. All
level. Maps free. • . .
( RICHMOND LAND COMPANY
' • ' Crocker BullClng. S.iF.V.
MISSION cottage for sale cheap. 49 Francis st.
off Mission; 4 rooms, large' yard, long base-
ment, bored well, trees and flowera; lot
25x150
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
AUCTION
AUCTION
• AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of investment, residence and unimproved
propertlea will be held at our salesroom, 20
Montgomery at.. MONDAY. May 9. at 12
o'clock noon.
JULIA LEAHY ESTATE.
Executor Sale.
The three following propertlea muat be eola
t» clot* the above estate, subject to conflrma- 1
tion by the Superior Court.
No. 1. »
S.E. cor. cf Waller and Aahbury ata.; choice
building lot, S5xl00:3.
No 2.
2S03 Devlaadero at.. ' west line, bet. Wash-
ington and Jackson: cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; rent $22 50; lot 29:7*4x137:6.
Aleo fpur choice building lots adjoining,
25x137:0 each.
No. 3.
Lot 25. In block 0, Miesion and SOth ata.;
extension Homestead Union.
JONES-STREET FLATS.
1424-6-8 Jones at., east line, near Washing-
ton s£.. 8 substantially built flats of 8 room*
and bath each, rent $127 CO per month, lot
32x137:6, Irnz. • ' 1
NORTH END INVESTMENT. I
1529-37 Mason et.. bet Broadway and Val- |
lejo at; improvement* consist of a good brick
bulldlrg. containing 34 rooms, arranged Into
7 tenements; rented low at $85 per month;
portion of lot in rear can still be built upon.
Bank mortgage of $6750 at 6 per cent can
remain; lot lS:SxlO0.
CHOICE MISSION RESIDENCE.
2S34 Howard at. west line. bet. 19th and |
20th ata. ; very desirable bay-window realdenee 1
cf 10 roczna and bath, with atable In rear; :
also large garden and lawn: lot Gl:6xl22:6.
MISSION RESIDENCE. j
8780 17th at., north line, near Sanchez at. ;
a well-built residence of 10 rooma and bath,
garden and lawn; bank mortgage of $4000 at
0 per cent can remain; lot 50x135, irreg.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
S.E. cor. of 29th and Church eta.; substan-
tial Improvements consist of store with
4 rooms, including bake oven: also flat of 7
rooma and bath above; rented low at $57 50
per month; lot 27x80.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
16-16*. Washington ave. and 9-9% Grand !
ave., near 9th and Mission sts.; Improvements
conti-t cf 4 flata of 4-5-6 rootna and bath each;
rented low at $69 per month; lot 25x113; 2
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDINO LOTS.
Webster at. west Una, bet. Oak and Fell 1
sts.; 2 desirable building lota. 25x100 each.
GIFT MAP LOTS.
Chapultepec st, eaat line, north of Esmer-
alda at., and Elsie st, west line, north of
Eaxneralaa at.; being lots SC7-S of Gift map
No. 8.
For catalogue and further partlculara ap-
ply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery atreet
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
$70,0u0 — Business oorner on Post at., a short
distance from Market; large lot; 2
frontages; substantial modern brick
building in atorea and hotel; a bargain.
$47,500 — Rents $4920 per annum; apartment-
bouse in the best renting neighborhood;
very light and aunny; nearly *j of 50
vara.
$32,000 — Valencia-at business property; one of
the best blocks; rents $2400 per annum;
lot 75x67:6; 4 storea and 4 flata.
$27,500 — Rents S2760 per annum; 6 elegant
new modern Park Panhandle flata; Mi
187:6.
f21,000 — Buelneas property on Third at, a
short distance from Market; buildings
. of little value; good holding to improve.
J18.000 — Valencia at., near 16th; improvements
nominal value; a splendid lot to im-
prove; 00 feet front; a bargain.
S1S.500 — Rcfti S13S0 per annum; 3 elegant new
modern flata of 8-7-7 rooma and bath
each; very aunny; lot 25x112:6. ,
$13,000— McAllister at, only a few blocks
from Market Et.; lot 37:6x100; 2 flata of
9 rooms and bath each.
$12,500— Unobstruoted marine view; renta
tseo per annum; 37:0x137:6; Pacific
Heights; elegant residence of 10 rooms
and bath.
$12,800 — Renta $1140 per annum; near the City
Hall; 8 flata and cottage; lot 25x120; 2
frontages.
$12,000— Rents $1200 per annum; 2 elegant new
flats; Flllmore st; 8-7 rooms and bath
each; finished basement: 27:0x100-
$11,000— Buslneaa corner on Fifth at.; store
and flat and cottage: 25x75.
$10,000 — Renta $900 per annum; 2 elegant mod-
ern flats of 7-6 rooms and bath each; I
Taylor st. . :
$9,000 — Rents $S76 per annum; 3 flats of 7-6-
6 rooma and bath each: near Broadway
and Van Ness ave.; lot 25_J22:6 to
rear street.
$S,5CX> — Mortgage of $5000 can remain; reuts
$720 per annum; Ellis et.; 2 nice bay-
window flats of 7-6 rooms and bath j
each; 25x120; 2 frontages.
$8,000— Rented low at $840 per annum; 3 new
flats of 6-5-6 rooms and bath each; 25x
105; Noe st
$7,500 — Rents $750 per annum; Folsom at; 3
flata of 6-6-5 rooms and bath each.
$0,750 — Oak -t. : 2 flats of 0-5 rooms and bath
each: bay windows, etc; 25x87:6; a
bargain.
$6,000— Nice bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; Scott et.: a bargain.
$6,000— Rented low at $466 per annum; Fol-
nom Et.; Mission warm belt: 2 flata of
: 6-6 rooms and bath each, brick founda-
tion, etc.: 25x122:6.
$5.000 — Rents $486 per annum: near Valencia
and Market st.; 2 flats and lot, 25x75.
$4,500— Rents $456 per annum: near Sacra-
mento and Taylor Ets.; 3 flats of 7-6
rooms and bath.
$4,000 — Cory Mission home; cottage of 5
rocirs and bath, laundry, etc.; brick
foundation; 80x122:6.
$3,000 — 209 Chattanooga at.; rented low at
$300 per annum: 2 flats of 5-4 rooms
and bath each; key lot; 25:6x117:6.
For further particulars of the above and for
! the Real Estate Record, containing r list of
! properties for sale In all parts of the city,
inquire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery st..
Real Eatate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE aunny building lots, close to Du-
boce Park; bitumlnlzed streets: lots level
and ready to build on; a rare chance to ob-
tain a holding admirably situated and close
to the city at a very reasonable price; dia-
gram, price and all further partlculara at our
office.
O. H. UMBSEN fc CO.,
20 Montgomery at..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
• 613 CALIFORNIA ST.
FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$16.000 — 50x80; Folsom at., near 5th; im-
provement- conslat of 2 storea and 4 flats, rent-
ing for $112 per month.
LARGE MARKET-ST. LOT,
$27,600—113 feet on Market by 127 on Church ;
adapted for cither atores or flata.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CORNER LOT.
$4000—34:1x89:10; corner Sacramento and
Cherry; splendid location for home.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$26.000— A corner on Gough st. «n Pacific
Heights district; 6 new flata, renting for $202 80
per month. -
JONES-ST. BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$11,000—40x137:6; Jones at, near Greenwich;
4 modern flats, renting for $87 50.
UKION-ST. HOME.
$4500— 25x100; Union at, near Flllmore; an
up-to-4tte house of 6 rooms and bath; all
modern convenience*.
BUBH-ST. LOT.
$4250—27:6x137:6; Bush et.. near Etelner;
key lot; surroundings first claaa.
CALTFORNIA-8T. COTTAGE.
$5000—29x187:6; rent $32 60; cottage of 6
rooms and bath; select neighborhood.
BRYANT-BT. BUILDINO LOT. '
$2000—25x100; Bryant st., near 21st.
PINE-ST. FLATS.
$18.600— Pine, near Flllmore: 25x100 feet; 3
new fiats, renting for $105 per month.
BOARDMAN-PLACE INVESTMENT.
$3750— Boardman place, near Bryant at; Im-
provement* consist of 8 flata and stable, rent-
ing for $42 per month.
- CHEAT ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOT.
$1660 — 25x137:6; an unsurpassed line of lots
on either Clayton or Carl sta.; only a few
more left In this block: cars pass property.
WBBSTER-ST. HOME.
$6000 — Webater. near Jackson: substantially
constructed house ot 7 rooms and bath.
A COMBINATION home for city and country,
8 rooms and bath; In the heart of San Mateo,
on the car line; large lot 100x186. with barn,
chicken house: $6000; will take a mortgage
for $5000: terms.
D. COFFIN * CO.. 3303 Mission street
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG & CO..
Room 2, Seventh Floor, Mills Building.
$20,000 — San Bruno road: hotel of 21 rooms,
furnished throughout; stable, acetylene
gaa plant wired throughout for electric.
lty: well stocked -with Ilquora, all In-
cluded in the oric*>
$15,000— Preeldio Heights; north aide of Clay
et. ; modern colonial realdenee of 10
rooma, with furnace.
$150 per front foot; Presidio Helghtfl, north
aide of Clay at.; S2:6xlO5. or will subdi-
vide in three Iota at the same price
<ach. . .
$450— SE. COR. 20th ave. and C nt: 2Bxll8
- • ¦ feet: one block from Golden Gate Park.
$6000— Houae. fl r. «: b.; lot 30x120 ft.; 233 10th
ave., nr. Clement; houae coata the money
$2S50— N.E; cor. ISth svo. and Fulton at; 32:6
xlOO; opposite Golden Gate . Park. -
WM. E. COLBY, room IS. 3d floor. Mills bldg.
BUILD your unimproved realty: we loan full
<-ost troprovv and part lot at 6%.« MANHAT.
TAN SAVINGS BANK, Crocker building.
C. M. ¦ WOOSTER -CO W8 MARKET ST.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
ALTO. PALO ALTO.
PALO ALTO. PALO ALTO.
PALO ALTO.
PALO ALTO.
. SATURDAY MAY 7. 1904.
SATURDAY." MAY 7, 1904.
We will sell at public auotlon 300 large
handsomely . wooded villa lots at Palo Alto at
1 o'clock p. m.. promptly. Saturday. May 7,
1004/ on premises, amidst the handsome oaks.
Immediately facing tha Stanford Univeralty
grounds. Thla la the nearest residence prop-
erty to the great Stanford University, and tt
is absolutely matchless In point of natural
beauty And desirability. The most beautiful
suburban property ever offered at auction in
California, and Palo Alto la the Jewel city of
the State
A special excursion train has been chartered
for the occasion. It will leave Third and
Townsend depot. Ban Ftanclaco. at 10:15 a. m.,
Saturday. May 7. 1904.
Round trip tickets from San Francisco $1 00.
and from San Jose 75 cents. A free lunch
will be served on -the grounds following a
drive through the Stanford . Univeralty grounds
and Palo Alto. Large lota, 60x150 and S0x200.
Several handsome live oak trees peculiar to
that pretty city on nearly every lot.
Only one hour from San Francisco now, and
as aoon as new cut-off Is completed time will
be reduced to 40 minutes.
$30,000— S new modern flata: rents low $2960;
near DevUadero and Sacramento; lot 60x
127:8%. >
$15,600— Bush at, close to Maaon; lot 25x
137:0; residence In fine condition; renta $65;
should be remodeled into flats.
$12,500— Rents $1440: three elegant new*
modern flats on Halght at (Aahbury Heights);
lot 23x137:6.
$11,600 — 8 new. beautiful flata on Page sU,
near Lyon; rents 91200; lot 25x100.
$9.250— Reduced to force aale; 8 naw mod-
ern flats; up to date in all details; on a
northeast corner, near Duboce Park; rents $990;
a big snap.
$S750 — Handsome residence on north aide of.
Jackson at., near Webster: 8 rooma and bath;
laundry: high basement, etc; in excellent con-
dition.
$7750— Modern 3-story reildenee, 9 rooma and
bath; key lot from Polk at.; lot 25xl27:SU:
can easily be remodeled Into flata; the lot
alone Is worth the asking price; an appart-
ment house district.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
, $3500 — Residence, 7 rooms and bath, on Ninth
ave.. near California at.; high basement; brick
foundation, etc.; lot 25x120.
$3250 — New modern up to date residence. S
rooma and bath; gaa; electrio fixtures; high
basement, etc; on Seventeenth at.
$2850 — Your own terms; two aold tbla week;
a beautiful, new. cory, well-built, well-plan-
ned houae of 6 rooma and bath; high base-
ment; the beat of plumbing, etc.; near Thir-
tieth and Mission sts.; we alio have a 6-room
and bath cottage for $2250; they are all naw
and up to date.
$2500—2 well-built flats on Welch at, near
Fourth; lot 25xS0; rents $300.
™~—
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market at
MORE LARGE- LOTS.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK.
$1650 TO $1S5O.
EASY TERMS.
LOTS 83:4x120.
Encouraged by the rapid sale of the block re-
cently placed on the market in the Jordan
Tract, the. owner, Mr. J. C. Jordan, has In-
structed us- to offer the half block to the east,
facing on Jordan avenue, on exactly the same
terms and conditions as governed the aale of
the first block. The large lota and the build-
Ing restrictions have proven to be a great suc-
cess among those who contemplate building de-
sirable homes.
Have you seen the property? The land Is
being aold In exceptionally large lots, 33:4x120.
I at tha extremely low pricea mentioned above.
Terms are one-fifth cash and the balance In
four yearly paymenta of one-fifth each with
the privilege of paying faster. Building re-
strictions have been placed on this property
which make it posalble for you to build a home
or two flats without being damaged by neigh-
boring buildings. These restrictions prohibit
the use cf the land for atores. coal yards,
laundries, etc. Three-story flats are alao pro-
hibited.
We have sold 16 lota In this block to people
who will make exceptionally good improve-
ments. This Is the only block In the city where
you can buy a large lot. where all the lots are
large and all the. improvements good. This
plan haa succeeded in all of the large cltlea In
the East and the rapid sale of this land proves
that it Is In favor here. Prices range from
$5^ 60 to $55 00 a front foot, which Is ex-
tremely low for property eo well situated.
Take our advice and see the land at once.
It can be reached by the Sacramento and Eddy
street lines besides the Geary and Sutter etreet
lines. The new California electrio road which
will take the place of the steam dummy will
pass the property. Make haste, and aee the
land at once, as it Is going fast.
LYON & HOAG.
116 Montgomery Street
$55,000. /
Scott et. — A new palatial residence, built of
smooth kllnker. brick, ateel and selected tim-
bers; 16 rooms and six baths: entire house
heated by hot water. Main floor hardwood
finish (old mahogany), complete in every de-
tail: unobstructed marine view; lot 60x137:8,
with ell.
Further partlculara appertaining to this
beautiful residence at office of A. J. RICH Si
CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
______ ':,:/*-¦-¦
LOTS ON THE KEY ROUTE
AT HALF THB PRICE of similar property
In San Francisco. You can get good level
lots in the heart of Oakland, with sidewalks
laid and ktreet work done, > ready to build
on without grading or fllllng, and within
3 blocks of a public school. The KEY
ROUTE, with Us smooth-running, rapid elec-
tralns and clean, swift boats. IS BUILD-
ING A BRANCH PAST THE DOOR. See
owner." F. M. Todd, floor 7, room 8, Mills
building, eity, or 131* Arch street, North
Berkeley. Terms cash.
REMOVAL NOTICE.
The office of the Jacob Heyman Company has
been removed to office of OSCAR HEYMAN,
14 Post at. •
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS I
$500 to $1200— Easy Terms.
New "Oceanslde" Lots on Official Grade.
Fronting and Unobstructed View of Park
and Ocean. v
Choicest and cheapest borne sites aver offered.
All bargains'. See them to- day t
"Oceanslde" branch of flee, cor. II street and
47th avenue.
Open Sundaya and Holidays.
$75 to $250— Near Park and Ocean— $3 monthly.
$250 to $1000 — Choicest Richmond lots In-
stallments.
$150 to $450— Level Excelsior Hd. Lots.
$1000 to $3500— Modern cottages in Sunset
Richmond, Oceanside and Excelsior Home-
stead. Easy terms! ,
Sunset Branch Office on 9th ave., near H st
SOL. GETZ t SON, Owners and Dealers.
Room 54. fourth floor, ¦ Chronicle bldg.
JOSEPH STRAUB, ' ,630 Market St.
. . $5000 — NE. cor. • 23d ¦ et and Bryant ave. ; 2
cottages, fttable; -lenty room for flats; 50x90.
- $1500 — House of 6 rooms and bath; Post. nr.
Lion; large lot 27:6x137:6.
$2250 — Two flats on 27th at, nr. Church. ¦
$2500 — House of . 8 rooms, bath; brick
foundation. ¦ .- j .,.,-. - . ¦ ; >
ALL work ' guaranteed ¦ first - class by • ALH-
•- BACH & MAYER, Plumbers, 836 Howard at
JOHN X). STXICKILS. Proprietor.
'-iCOta ; ttr-culttiias to JOBS KSij_HTJ__agr
\V. J. MARTIN Business Managy
PTKX DOLLARS REWARD.
Ify The Call Office tf You Miss
Your Paj»er.
IX tot aay cause THE CALL If aot de-
11-erad reg-Jarly to •noscribersi P_»«
call up -CALL EXCKAJTQE" and aotliy
Subscription Cltxk in charge. Tour com-
plaint will receive prompt attention.
A staadlmr reward of Tea Dollar*
(510.00) is offered for the arrest and
• eca-lcticB of aay cae caurlit Btealiar
T___B CAJ.Z-
TELEPHONE.
Af k fcr THE CALU The Operator Will Con-
nect You With tha Department You wisa.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Kistcrlal Room 217 to 221 Stevenson at
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Ot*. Per Month. Single Copies B Cente.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : „ _.
• DAILY CALL <!ne!ud. fcun«!av>, 1 y*ar...$8.W>
DAILY CALL tinclud. Sunday). « nsos 4.w»
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «°°
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year f£>
• WEEKLY CALU 1 TEAR •• _.*??
¦v-r.-f»i-xr f natlr...$8.S0 Par Year txtra
£S5"1£ \ Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. [ Weakly. 1. 00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
. Eajrpla Copies will be forwarfiea when re-
quested. .
Mall subscribers in crdaring change of ad-
ire-* «ho_ld be particular to glre both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
pretrpt axd ccrrect compliance with th»tr re-
quett
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main lott
BERKELEY OFFICE: 2.
.2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NTW YORK NEWS BTANDE:
*v__cort-A«toria Hotel: A. Brentano, 81
%-don Equaxe; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ara-
£ua Hotti and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehennaa House; P. O. News Ce.: Great
"¦Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Kcui. Pa!mer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Man;uette Building
'¦ (Locjr Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAJILTON Herald Square
BrEI^ESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third atreeta; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
¦1008 Market meet, opposite Fifth: open until
U b. 01.
tit -Montgomery etreet, corner Clay; open
Until 9:30 p. m.
ErtO lieyes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
€39 Mt-Al'ister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
US Lerkln atre«t; open until 0:30 p. m.
' I&41 Miselcn ctre»t; cpen until 10 p. ra.
2231 Market street corner EUteenth; open
until 9 p. to.
'.f*i EUeventh atreet; open until 9 p. m.
' 3036 Valencia etreet f open until & p. tn.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan atreets;
*¦ cpen until 9 p. m.
Nortbwpst comer of Twenty-aecond and Ken-
• tu'eky streets; open until 9 p. m.
-lOO Fillincre street ; open until 8 p. m.
TO SCBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CAX.I. subscribers contemplatlns* a.
.-cfcaisR-e of residence during the summer
months caa have their paper forwarded
by mail to their aew address by notify-
ing THE CALL Basinets Offlee. This
oapcr will also be oa sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local
acest In all towns on the coast. \
It E AL E ST ATC-—CIT Y — FOR 8 ALE.
F. B. EURRTHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT
138 MONTGOMERY 6T.
- UlOO-RE.VTS *4OS PER ANNUM.
Cloce- to Ninth and Bryant; 4 nice tenementa,
Z rucme each: let 25x75.
$600(i— RENTS $6G0 PER ANNUM.
Oary «. ; double house. 6 room* each, and
double bouse in rear. 6 rooms each; lot 35x120,
"through to rear street; fine proposition.
J10.500— RENTS 1 1140 PER ANNUM.
. '"">:• to Bush and Stockton; 3 fine modern .
flats. 5. 5 end T rooms and bath each; lot
St'xtiO: Al proposition.
: foocxv— RENTS *660 PER ANNUM.
Golden Gate ave.; 3 flats, 5, 5 and 4 rooms
and bath each; lot 25xl37:&
$S300— RENTS *636 PER ANNUM.
-. Close to Howard and Eighth ets.; 4 t-ne-
" JTiectf, 3 rooms each; large lot.
. $5500— RENTS $688 PER ANNUM.
'Close to Mission and Ninth: 4 substantial
fiats. 3 rooms each; lot 25x75; mortgage cf
¦ iZOOO ran remain if desired.
" ' . $4t*50— RENTS $4S0 PER ANNUM.
Close to Valencia and Thirteenth; 2 «ub-
(tant!al fiats. 5 and 6 room-; lot 25x75.
$_S00— RENTS $300 PER ANNUM.
Near Howard an<l Fourteenth: 2 flats 4 and
H rooms; lot 25x75; reduced from $3250 to
mak£ in-.inetilate «alc.
. $7200— RENTS $55 PER MONTH.
Laguna Ft.; Pacific Heights; 2 well con-
structed fiats. 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
lot 23x100.
$5750— RENTS $720 PER ANNUM.
Kearny et.. near Union; 4 Cats In good con-
'ditioa: large lot. &0xl37; aold to close an estate.
$«000— RENTS $?O4 PER ANNUM.
Vellejo »t.. near Van Nesa are.; 2 eubetan-
tlal flats, 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; cottage
• ef 4 rooms frontrr.g rear street ; lot 25x122:8.
. • $6_50— RENTB $600 PER ANNUM.
1 OaJc et.; 2 nice fiats. S and 0 rooma and bath
• each: In good condition: lot 25x137:6.
- $33.000— RENTB $3120 PER ANNUM.
McAllister Ft.; 6 fine modern flata, 6 and 7
rooms and bath each; lot &Oxl37:6.
• $16,000— RENTS J1800 PER ANNUM.
Oak Et, not far from the park; 6 substan-
tial flata, 6 and 7 rooma and bath each; lot
. 60x137 :«.
' * $8760— RENTB J1020 PER ANTTOM. .
. •' Near McAllister and Broderlek; 8 substan-
tial fiats 7 roc— is and bath each; lot 25x100.
¦ $12.600— RENTB $1380- PER ANNUM.
2ie*x Howard and Fourteenth; 6 substantial
• Cat* 4 end 5 room- and bath each: large lot.
$8500— RENTS $864 PER ANNUM.
Near Market and Fifteenth; grocery corner;
store and 3 Cats of 6 rooms and bath each;
large lot.
$S500— RENTS $600 PER ANNUM.
Cioae to Slier! on and Thirteenth; 8 substan-
tial flata, 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; lot
25x115. .
• Oet tcy catalogue giving particulars and
prices of all classes of property In different
para of the city.
Fef a .choice residence call at my office for
- Pit,
F. B. EURRYHNE. 1S8 Montgomery st.
B. GETZ, • Room 22, Chronicle Bl.g.
' - QXmZR AND DEALER.
NEV BLOCK on the OCEAN BEACH.
: STREETS GRADED.
Lota Level on tha Grad* to Build Upon.
. . Buberb View of th« Ocean.
Easy Ltonthly Installments.. Perfect Bargain!.
«• * ______
• 560 to 1100— Ocean Heights anl boulevard
Tot*:
' $850 te $500— Uth-are. boulevard lota;
. graded.
$250 to $1200— Sunset and Richmond Iota;
? » block facing Epreckels Lake anil new
Park speed' track; eaey paymenta. .-:.'¦ •'-'i
$150 up— Excelsior Homestead Jets; level on
grade; city -cater; Mlssion-at. car*.
$75 £0 $100— Ocean View Irrel lots; streets
gr_d>c; city water; name your own payments.
*¦ •— —
$1000 to $5000— Modern houses and cottages
¦ ¦.!. all districts on very eaiy installments.
• 'Calf at My Office. Room 22. Second Floor
. . t ' Chronicle Building.
NELSON. JOHNSON tc CO..
205 Montgomery St., opp. Mills bldg.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
Foreclosure. Probate and Forced Sales of All
Kluds win be Found In Our
TJP-TO-DATE BUYERS' GUIDE.
- An Illustrated monthly catalogue, containing
« c«r*fully selected list of cheapest properties
j r.ffercd on the market in every location. Send
ux your address and we will mail you one.
NELSON. JOHNSON * CO., •
tI03 Montgomery sL, opp. Mills bldg.
1 H. E. POEIILMAN. ' Realty and Inaurance.
: JO4 Montgomery st. _CBSJ
t^T.CCO— Rents $3OU0 yearly: large corner cor-
" Trd-wlth modern buildings: 3 frontages
$j..~Vi— Kin* houte. a r.; tVath'ton nr. Kill' ore
*•**>— Njnth ave.. near Clement; 25x120.
|fS5— Tw«r.ty.flr«t ave.. r.r. A; .V)xl20: view
$<CT>— Nineteenth ave.. nr. California: Z5H2U
• BARGAIN — New modern house. 7 rooma
and bat>. • Bee owner, 145S 9th ave.. 6un-
ft.\. District. ( '
HEAL CST/™-— '-'TV- FOR »Aj_C.
SPECK & CO..
209 MONTGOMERY ST.,
209 MONTGOMERY ST..
260 MONTGOMERY BT.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. __,__, nf ,
Selling. / insurance.
RenU collected. . *™ .
$100.OO0-Renta $0600; iwottot? gJJJJ
cash and assuming bank m ort ***?, 7 0 ' 6 ' "
will pay 12 per cent net; lot 65xl3<.o.
$50.000-NW. corn"e7T1lS7jexl37:6: Ooldea
Gate ave.. east of Scott: «<^_f»P__ v ' w ___ln
mortgage J30.000 at 6% P«r cent can remain,
reasonable offer entertained.
$45.000-Vlclnlty Bush and *•_ "_£-.¦"£.
and three floors above; brick building. «»>•
fronts 35 feet; renta $265.
$2C.000-Sutter-et bargain, near JfV'.t
worth: good three-story « m *»^T? l ?SSed
27:6x137:6 feet; no reasonable offer refusea.
$20.000-Polk-Bt business property; 2 atorea
ahd lodging-honse; lot 30x95 faet: rants sno.
$10,000 bank mortgage can remain.
$18.500-Po«t at.; lot 62:6x12* feet: 2 front-
ages; very good improvementa; rents »j-v-
$13.000-Rent $130; good flats; »«ci»K J __£
Ness and Grove; lot 27:6x120 feet; this bar-
gain la hard to beat.
$10,500-Plne at. bat Mason »f*T»^ or:
lot 20x137:6 feet; three-story Improvementa.
$3500—2 atores and 4 Cata; corner °ortbof
Market at; 43:6 feet frontage; yearly rente
$»66; paying 11V4 per cent '_ ; r'Y
• $5000 cash— Monthly rent $103: b* 1 " 10 *
$7500; bank mortgage can remain; S fine new
flats; Western Addition.
RESIDENCES. __._*' «fwi
$80.000— Magnificent realdenee. 13 rootna ana
batha; Interior mahogany wood: moat coatiy
finish throughout: lot 123x187:6 faet; pano-
ramio view .of city and bay.
$15.000— Californla-st. residence; 12 rooms
and bath; lot 85x137:6 feet; choice block.
$1500— 4-room eottsge; lot 27:6x100 feat;
Mission Warm belt.
. CHOICE LOTS.
$15,000— NW. corner: 56:«xl37:« feet; un-
surpassed marine view: muat be sold this
week.
$8250— Broadway; north side and b*«t resi-
dence block: unobatructed view; lot 27x137.6
feet.
SPECK tt CO.. -
200 Montgomery at. opposite MUla boliaing.
MADISON tt BURKE, _^,__-
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1S33.
CO Montgomery at "..Opposite Lick House.
$19,000— Devisadero at.; atore and flats; lot
30xS2:«; new building; rent $150.
$7,600— Sacramento st. north line, near
Steiner; 0-room houae; In fine condition;
this la a nice home.
$12,000— Post at.; two large, well constructs.;
houses; very large lot
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$9,000 — 6 Cats and atore below; near Sixth
and Brannan ata.; rent $86 per month;
new building.
$S,000— Aahbury at, near Frederick; a fine
large 10-room houae; near the park;
billiard-room, finished attio and all
modern conveniences.
$10,750— Page at; 2 up-to-data flata. 6 and T
rooms and bath; annual rent $000.
$3,250— Beaver St., near Noe; beautiful cot-
tage. Just the thing for a small family;
fine garden.
$5,000 — Cottage and lot; Bartlett at, naar
Twenty-flrst; 6 rooms and bath; all
latest Improvementa.
$3,800— Clipper at, near Castro.
$3,730 — Grand ave.. near Mission at: 2 good
flats; price low; rent $33.
$1.000— Tenth at. near Harrison; 1st 25x100;
$9.000— Stelner st, bet Geary and O'FarreU
sts.; car lines; 2 lots, 55x137:6 feat
$1,600 — Fourteenth ave. and A at, corner, 120
feet on the new Park Panhandle.
$4,500 — Chattanooga at, near Twenty-third;
large lot. 65x117:6 to rear street.
Lots 27:6x187:6, on Sutter st, between Steiner
and Pierce.
Building lota, northeast oorner Golden Gate
ave. and Baker at; in alzea to ault;
pricea from $2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:6x137:6. en south line of
Geary it. near Flllmore.
MADISON tt BURKE.
:..¦'. n SO Montgomery at, opp. Lick House.
ELEGANT new residence, near Park. 'contain-
ing S rooms, etc.; new dealgn. and finish;
nothing like It; 823 Ashbury, near Frederick;
lot 1*0x106:3; a bargain.
MADISON & BURKE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
213-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$8,000 — Union-* t corner, near Dwisadero:
elegant marine view; lot 52:6x110 ft;
must be sold.
$7,250 — Ellis at, near Buchanan; 2 fine bay-
* . window flats, 6-7 room* and bath; rents
$65; lot 25:9 ft, front
$16,000— Bryant-st. cor., near Third: atore and
flat above rents $93: lot 50x75 feet
$24,500 — Post st.. near Leavenworth: fine sub-
stantial Improvementa: rents $135; large
let, 60 feet front: building should ba
raised and atores put under; would pay
lar_-e return.
$10,0C0— McAllister at; 8 naw flats; pay 10
. peT cent: tf rooms and bath each; lot
25x100 feet.
$11,000 — Jackson-at. residence of 11 rooms and
bath; modern In every. way; lot 25x
127:Si, f ee t.
$21,250 — Jackson-st. corner. Presidio Heights:
elegant modern residence of 11 rooms, 2
.. baths: first floor, library, double parlors, ]
dining-room, beamed celling, paneled
oak. hardwood floors, etc.; 4 bedrooms
and 2 bedrooms In attic; lot 37:6x127:5*1
feet; grand marine view.
$5,760 — Clay st, near Webster; residence ef 0
rooms and bath; lot 25xlO2:4Vi feet; lot
la situate on a corner of a public alley;
light and sun on three sides.
$3,210 each— Filbert St., near Scott: magnifi-
cent marine view; lots 27:6x137:6 feet
each, and corner 55x137:6 faet.
$7,600 — Jackson near Central ave.: grand key
* * lot. 60xl27:8U feet; ready to build on.
$10.300 — Hyde at., near Sutter: fine residence
of 10 rooma and bath; rents for $50 _
month.
$17.000 — Second-st. corner, ntar Harrison; 70-
95 feet; fine site for factory or ware-
house purposes.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBKE & CO.,
Real Estate Ajrents
218-220 Mont-omery st
PRESIDIO Heights bargains— Only $2500 each
for a quick sale; two elegant lots, 23x
127 :SU each, on south side of Jackson st.,
bet. Spruce and Maple; fine view and very
cheap. ..c ". "\~
$37SO — First ave. and Clay at; elegant large
K. corner, 2S:4xlO2; atreet 100 feet wide and
accepted: no other corner as cheap; very de-
sirable and Improving.
$7300 — Webster st., near Washington; three-
¦tcry bay-window residence of 14 large rooms,
two baths, four toilets, stationary wash-
stands, electric bells, etc.; location very desir-
able.-
ROBERT J. MERCER & SON, 413 Pine at
DO YOU KNOW
OF THE IMMENSE PLANT ,
WHICH WILL EMPLOY HUNDREDS OF
MEN .
WHICH BAKER * HAMILTON ARE GO-
ING TO CONSTRUCT
AT POINT RICHMOND?
BUY A LOT THERE NOW BEFORE THE
RAISE.
IN THE SANTA FE TRACT.
$5 PER MONTH. ALL LEVEL.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery at,
SOLE AGENTS.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no Interest Lets In tha
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level; no
grading to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric rars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery at., room 5.
$S500— GOOD INVESTMENTS. " "
New three-flat buildings: 6 rooms, bath- pay
1 per cent net on investment; 2 frontages-
Capp. near 26th. '
HENRY FEIGE, builder and owner,
t 1063 Capp »t.
$.900— NICE cottage: bargain on 29th sT"
near Church: well. built; cars In front of the
property; very cheap; can be bought at a.
sacrifice. McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgom-
ery at. '
$650— NINTH-ave. cottage, near park; 6 rooms
bath, conservatory, large basement aervant's
room, stable, chicken yard: large lot* all In
first-class condition; owner leaving city.
FOR sale— 2 nearly furnished flats on Vermont
at, near 22d: 4 and 5 rooms each. By owner
C. MONSON. 2223 Twenty-second It; nut
be sold. •
$1750— LARGE corner on 22d st. near Castro-
-BROaT'lU MontSonffy ff"* McEWE '^
SI Mrfi^ M viV 1^ le £ n v C0 » tUr *' »"u*t«<».neap the
Mission Hl^i Sohool; must b* ¦««n to bo
appreciated." SS3S Eighteenth it,
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
t YOV _-'hOAG. 116 Montgomery at
IIAnL»O-IE NEW itl-SliJENCE,
$700o only-B-autltul home Just completed
J ,£_Lrtck st near Cole, a blocks south of
135J w seoi-Eaay teJms; cheapest lots la
trbu " 3 oa!
and
Ei- E'HSgi.ris^ £T£. 5_£i
blSso^t- to Duboce are.; house, open for
taSP W E _TlRN a AbDITION RESIDENCE.
ricld- of the mosfbeautlful homes la this
city; teng gjg^v MISSION.
«2TEO—^-atory house ef fl rooms and bath:
-2000— Broadway, cear Taylor st, cottage
ef 4 wm" concrete foundation; good neigh-
borhood; a tmrgtJn.
147 iww— Fine large lot; 2 frontages; old Ira-
provV^enTs; rent "|123: will W *>l*toU«_rt
if improved; not Ur from Market and Mason
"^¦fortWA. barraln'in flats- on. Castro at; »
fla^^and^^maand bath; brtcX founda-
tion; everything In fine ahape; fine view of
clty: "flat*! 'near panhandle.
$S500-Rents $342; S new <»«!* »«__»¦ «*
b.rS* Panhan^ef fln.^ STuS!
1 £J8nt 1 Bm asSnocTor panhandle.
*$sc5£-a£od substantial J*t* ft*™™
,nd bath each: on sunny ********** "<"
not far from Park; atreet bitumlnlzed.
Lnd *£?2ar printed list of property tar sate
In all sections ot the city.
LYON * HOAO.
118 Montgomery at.
" LOTS ON EAST MONTHLT FAT3CENT3.
HOMES TOR YOUR RENT MONET.
IN ALMOST -T.T. PARTS OT THZ3 Cll'X.
U- TOtT WANT TO -BX7T _LOTS I AJ I AX IN-
VESTMENT LET UB SHOW YOU BOMB OB"
THB GOOD CHANCES WE* HAVH TO O3-
FER.
¦
IF YOT7 WANT TO BUY A 0
ON WE HAVE A LARGE LIST TO CHOOSS
FROM. ,
—
X9 TOtT WANT TO PROVTD3 TOTTR FAM-
ILY WITH A NICE. COMTOJITABI-E HOMF1
AND PAY NO MORB THAN YOU NOW
PAY IN RENT. LET US SHOT* YOU SOMR
OF THE HOMES WE ARE NOW BCTLDINf*
OR THOSE THAT WE HAVE ALREADY
BUILT.
OSCAR Hi- 1 MAN, U POST ST.
A FEW LEFT A FEW LE3T
OF THOSE OREAT FUTURE
PARK LOTS.
ONLY $150. ONLY $130.
$3 DOWN AND $1 MONTHLY.
A8TOR KTARTF.D HIS FORTUNE BT
SUCH INVESTMENTS.
JACOB HEYMAN CQ.. now at 14 Post st.
The Padfio Heights of th» Richmond District.
Property with an 1— imensa future: a rar^
chance; Bakers Beach lots, commanding an
unobstructed view of the Presidio. Golden
Gate. Fort Point and th<» -nrrcunrtinr marina
shores: *a-y terms: lots graded and s»w-r»<l.
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. now at 14 Po-t st.
CENTER & SPADER^
11 Montgomery at., Lie!. House Blcck.
$30,000 — Pine at., near Kearny; 3-story brick
building, renting low at $165; particu-
lars at office.
$77,500 — Van Ness ave.. northeast corner; 5Oz
109; grand location for apartments.
16th at, NW corner bhotwell; choice lut. 120x
110; Just the site for hotel or apart-
ments.
$1S.COO — Grove at., near Franklin: large fac-
tory boilding. with lot SCxlOO; or will
leaso same tor 6 years at reasonable
rent
J20.5CO — California, at.. NE corner, lnsida
Polk st.; stores and flats; rants low
at S150; sixe of lot. 35x70.
$16,000 — Howard st. southeast corner; atore
and flats; rented low at $1135; lot
18x122.
$6.750 — Rents $60; new building; atore and
Cat « rooma; NE corner; atreet work
all done; lot 25x97: a bargain.
$4,100— Renta $3C; Filbert at. near Ftllmora;
flats, 4 and 5 rams; 2 frontages; big
lot, 37x120.
$11,000 — Make an offer; choice NE corner on
Webster st; 3 modern flats, 5-fi-7
rooms: rents $100; this property must
$3,800— Rents $33; 4 flats on Shipley st In
fine condition: lot 25x75.
$3,300 — Renta $26; 2 flats on Valley _t. no**
Dolores; lot 27x114; snap.
$1,200 — Bargain: 2-story house. 7 roema, ea
San Bruno ave.. close to 19th st; lot
23x100.
$4,500 — Snap; 4 lots with cottage, 3 rooms;
stable; on Florida at. near 20th; eheap>.
est property in neighborhood; size lOax
100.
$2.200— Hayes at, near Clayton; deatrabl*
building lot; very cheap; 23x127.
CENTER _fc SPADSIU
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM3»___rr
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVJCD FROM MILLS BUILDINO TO Vf"»~
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IS
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION 1 DOI___*_tt3.
WHEN REAL ESTATE 13 BOUGHT THB
PURCHASER la more Interested in __• tttl«
tban tn tha land itself. The land only rvsro-
aenta ao much aotl. which may be bought at
less than a dollar per load. The title repre>
sents the right to occupy without molestatloa
and the right to sell, transfer and devise by
will. Perfect security as to title Is furnished
by policies Issued by this company.
•TLL MAKE ASSURANCE DOUBLT
SURE and take a bond."— Macbeth. *-""¦*•
THB ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TTTLB IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for tnsuxlag real estat*
titles like modern plants of New York. Boston
Chicago and Eastern cltier: reasonable rates,
regular trust company business transacted un-
der State charter: all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of Calif ornla.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vlce-Pres. Bank of California..
ROBERT BRUCE,
Of Balfonr, Guthrle & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS. • «»«_¦_<.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manaarer Anglo-Call fornlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY. . '
CHARLES n ?AGF^ la<T ' *"'*' "* CTOMel0^
a. t. spcyrrl: SIcCatcaeB * Knl « ht - A "'^
Mgr. Cat. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN It, SPRING. .
Capitalist. 630 California st.
GAFFE Y & MAHON. Real Estatn Agent*.
5OB California tt.
The entire estate of the late Myles D.
Sweeney has been placed In our bands for
sale, comprising In part:
That grand marine view 50-vara lot. SE
comer of Jones and Green ets.
The mK'Ue 50-vara. N aide of Broadwar.
• 'bet. Mason and Taylor ata.. and 12 flats
thereon: rool income property.
The NW corner Chestnut and Larkin: one
of the most majestic marine views In city.
The SW corner Broadway and Mason st
and Improvements thereon, bringing good
renta. etc.
Beautiful building lot en Stelner St., near
i Hermann; 44x90.
First-class builtllcg lot 50x137. ea dipper
atreet.
$3200— CHKAP corner lot. COxlOO: closa In
town: Webster st., near Filbert: within 1
block 2 linea of cars; level; ready to build
on. O-»ner. S000 Buchanan st.
FINE lot lor fiats; BeKrrter*, near Waller. For
particulars call on owner. 12Jt; Waller «t.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents^ — The Weskty Call.
16 page-. In wranp-r. trr ir-nlll"-. S\ -*»r ?nr.
POJIXTTUCHMOND REAl/ ESTATE.
FOR sale^ — 2 Jot». 1 a corner: Bay View Tract-
73 ft. frontage. T. H. Potthoff. 3 Bowie aw.
LOT In Point Richmond: good opening tn busl-
nesa section at a eacrtflce. Box 1750. Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 cages, la wrapper. <or malllnj, $1 per year.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALi; SUNDAY, v MAY 1, 1904.
47
1 RBAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Bale
SONOMA County, within 43 mile* of San
Francisco.
$4000— 12 acres; 1 mil* from town and «ta-
tlcn; all In vineyard and. orchard bearing- new
houaa. 0 room*, barn, stabl*, *ton* cellar,
windmill, tank; -water piped to all part* of
place,
$2600— 6H acr*»{ fin* valley land; fenced and
eroes-fenoed| 8-room house, windmill and tank;
house of 3 room*, barn; ah*ds, 8 chicken
houses; 2 acres of vineyard, family orchard;
water piped to all part* of the place: one mil*
from town and station; cheapest chicken ranch
In th* county.
?eoo— G acres finest valley land, will grow
•-nythini-; on main county road.
$2200 will buy 12 acre* flnwt land In Bo-
no_a Valley; 6 acrea 1* bearing vineyard. 6
acre* hay; all th* land will grow alfalfa; on
main county road; one mil* from town and
station.
Small tracts at El Veran» poultry farm;
•aay terms.
PETERS _ RAINES. US Montgomery *t.
ATTENTION, HOMB SEEKERS I
"We deslr* to call th* attention of intending
buyer* of country lands to *om* bargains In
income-producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank fore-
closures that we have for sale. Mr. Bush hav-
ing had 40 years' knowledge and experience
of the value cf lands, and being the owner.
of an Income-producing orchard and vineyard,
can Intelligently direct intending buyer* to th*
best land* and - bargain* In the State. Cqr-
ree_>o_d*nc* solicited.
DAVID BUSH _ SON, 328 Montgomery *U
Room 412, Eaf* Deposit Building.
ALFALFA land, near city of Modesto; *«veral
hundred acre* for eale; terms to suit. Apply
to C. IC KING, 464 Ninth *C, Oakland. Cal.
STOCK ranch. 3600 acres, Sonoma County;
i sheep and cattle; S stream* water: 100 acres
in redwood timber: good for $2500 per year;
$20.0no. Apply to C K. KING. 464 Ninth
st., Oakland.
FOR sale — 40 acres, 9 mile* from Petaluma and
2 miles from Sebastopol ; fenced; about blx
acres orchard; small cre«k: first-class land;
in f restless belt; ideal poultry ranch; will
subdivide. Apply to J. A. MARTENSTEIN.
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL home in Santa Cruz Mountains;
160 acres, 90 under cultivation; first-class
dwelling; barn of 100 tons hay capacity; situ-
ated amonK respectable, prosperous people;
2 schools and postoffice close by; within few
miles of celebrated State park. Big Basin;
cheap for cash, or will trade for Berkeley or
city property. For particulars apply to
GAFFEY _ MAHON,
* , 505 California at.
$350— A FARM, 40 acre* cood land, good
house, running water, near P.O. Address H.
ROCKSTROH, Iversen, Mendocino County.
A HOME, Infieed — 110 acres In the famous or-
chard eection of the Western -lope. Pajaro
Valley, within 3 miles of S. P. R. R.; 25
acres in apples. 10 in apricots, 15 tn French
prunes.. 2 in Bartlctt pears, 1 in cherries, 11
acres full bearing vines; good house, winery,
barn, fruit house, stock sheds; water piped
to all buildings from a live spring.
GAFFEY _ MAHON.
505 California st.
j FOR sale — Ranch of 298 acres, in Napa County,
6 miles from depot; family orchard and vine-
yard; 5 large running springs at house, barn,
fieMe; best climate In State; fine view; $15
per acre. JOHN BAUR. OakvMe, Napa Co.
8 ACRES Improved chicken ranch for eale at
a bargain. MRS. MOLATT, CotatI, Sonoma
County.
I OFFER wanted — 3-acre poultry place; orchard;
i *&?y terms. L. TAYLOR, Lincoln ave.,
I Upper Fruitvale.
> CHEAPEST and best la America— The Weekly
; Call. 16 pares, rent to any address in th*
United States cr Canada one year for $1.
! SAX **_AT_O KE.U, ESTATE.
| ~ Z
EAN MATEO EAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR EAN FRANCISCO.
We bave a choice list of excellent residence,
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall '
j to see us before buying. Investigate San
I Mateo Park. The Ideal property of them all.
'. Lots of about one acre each. Easy terms.
! Bound to be most valuable. See our local
' acent. Frank S. Grummon. San Mateo office
t open Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELU 25 Post st.
i ¦
! FAN MATEO. BURLINGAME.
P.cst suburban homes near San Francisco; no
j ff-rry: electric railroad now running; lots and
; residences for rale; we can sell pood lots as :
i low as $500 earn; we will be glad to show
I them: we also have some acreage land near
• by as low as fl(*> to $200 per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgcmf-ry tt.. San Francisco.
RfEider.t agent. S. G. QOODHUE, Western
j Union Telegraph Building. San Mateo.
', 10-ROOM. modern house. Menlo Park, 2
blocks of station; moderate terms. Box L,
Menlo Park.
i A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-^Th# W<-*kly Call.
)«¦; pact-, in wrapper, for fnaUinir, SI p«r year.
HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
I SPECIAL BARGAINS
IN
HAYWARDS PROPERTY.
Fplendld rcadside hcuse of 5 rooms, barn.
! well, windmill 1 and tank, chif ken -houses and 8
I prrrfc of fine land on corner of two main roads;
| i-rice $5000.
Six acres, all out to prune*. 6-room house,
' liarn, rhlckcn-houses, brooder- house, good well;
! rrlce $3500.
Twelve acre«. mostly out to fruit; cood 5-
i room eottape. I'arn, well, chicken-house, horse,
i harness, carrla*.'* 1 . fprinqr wagon and furniture
included; | rice S5500.
Fine little stork ranch cf 120 acres; good
hou3e end barn, on good main road; only $5000.
Call en or write to P. WILBEHT, Hayward*,
j CaV;
KLMIIl IIST REAL ESTATE.
8. M. DODGE & EON.
11C0 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. PHONE
LAKE 36.
$3500.
A HOME RANCH NEAR OAKLAND.
Nothing better anywhere for fruit and poultry.
4 1-3 acres of Al sediment roll; comfortable
I house of 6 rooms; large barn; two fine chicken
' houses: 250 fruit trees in full bearing; good
i well of water; large variety of berries; on
j good road; only 5 miles from Broadway, Oak-
j 1-nd.
i ,-_-_—_—_—_— i _-—-———————-—_—-----—-—_—_»-_—_—__—_______,
mabct coTcnrrg- ke al estate.
LAGUNITAS TRACT,
Lagunitas Station. Marin County; new sub-
division on the North Shore Railroad; large
lots; roads, water and fine timber; fronting
on San Geronimo Creek; close to the sta-
tion: moderate prices; easy terms If desired;
an ideal pr>ct frr a summer home. '
ROSS VALLEY PARK,
San Anstlmo, Marln County; a superb sub-
division of fine large lots within easy walk-
Ing distance cf the station: open lots, tim-
bered lotB and villa fide hill lots; water and
sewer* in: fine reads.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO..
.-:¦¦'-¦ Mills Building.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
LUCRATIVE renting prop., nr. sta.: lot 400x
135; new «hlngled cottage. Box 1775, Call. |
HEAL i£5TATfc3 TO fSXClIAJVQK.
: FOR exchange — Ranch of about 40 acres; 2
1 miles from Sebastopol, Sonoma Co.; all un-
der fence; about 0 acres in fruit, also *ome
b« ri-;<>; land is first-class and is in an ideal
neighborhood for chicken raising; creek runs
through place; will exchange for lot* or
other good property around the bay. Apply
A, P. O. box 133. Berkeley, Cal.
FOR exchange — Cottace and large lot In good
part of Berkeley* for small place in bay
counties. AddrM* M., P. O. box 193. Berke-
»oy, Cal.
ORANGE and lemon crove in San Bernardino
County: exchange for San Francisco prop-
erty. W. LILLIE. 031 Howard st.
FOR eale or exchange — Country residence. 30
miles from San Francisco. Apply between
5 and 6. 8C2 Broderlck st.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— A ranch in bay counties for nice
home in Oakland; also have a $20,000 In-
come block (Income b»i per cent on money)
will take fSOOO ranch, balance cash.
. WILLIAM P. TODD.
1070 Broadway. Oakland. .
WANTED — Lot In Latin quarter; suitable for
flats; 25x70 cr SOxCO. Box 1786. Call.
WANTED — Western Add. property from $8000
to $16,000. GANCO. GUNZ & CO,
WANTED — House and lot or lot from owner;
no agents. Box 180fl. Call. . ¦
¦WANTED— A lot under $1000 In city. Addres*
box 1S14. Call-
SPECIAL.
SPECIAL
ALAMEDA ADVEETIS'MBNTS
AJLAM-iPA RSAL B1TATH,
HERB IS A CHANCH FOB EVERYBODY.
OKDAT BARGAINS.
BTT8TNBBS LOT ON PARK ST.. 60_100; A
SACRIFICE.
TWO NICB WATER F_ONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVBL. NEAR STATION; BAR.
GAINS. LARGE LIST OF REALTY.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR 8AI* FRANCISCO
REAL ESTATE — A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY.
TWO BARGAINS.
0-room cottage; lot 60x126 1 $130-
6-room oottaca; lot 20x186: $1800.
A HOME FOR EVERTBOOT.
Here la « house that must be *een to be
appreciated; lot 60x267; near Mastick station:
modern 9-room house; large conservatory, fine
ground*, fruit tre**> stable, chlcken-hou**, etc.,
at a sacrifice.
I am now building aeveral 0-room cottage*.
Will b« sold on term*. Come and s«* them.
A modern cottare of 7 rooma; lot 85x160,
with adjoining lot 45x150; containing fin* fruit
trees; sold a* a whol* or In subdivisions; 5
minutes' walk from «lthw broad or narrow
gauge.
4-room cottage; lot 100x100; price $1290.
6-room cottage; lot 100x100; price $1SOO.
FOR SALE) ON EASY TERMS.
$50 DOWN, BALANCE TO BUIT.
82 LOTS.
83:4x125 TO 35x176.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-ST. STATION.
THIRTY. MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
TWO BLOCKS FROM CAR LINEJ.
APPLY TO A. R. DENKB,
1400 WEBSTER ST.. ALAMEDA,
or
Call on the
ISLAND RBAL ESTATE CO.,
1804 Railroad ave.. Bay station.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1600 PARK ST., ALAMEDA.
Look over this, list of property for sale.
THE BEST LOCATIONS.
Th* Cheapest Properties and Easiest Terms.
BE SURE TO GET ONE OF OUR BAR-
GAINS. '
$1500 buys a fine 5-roo-n cottage: large lot.
S2OuO buy* a 6-room cottage; lot 50x217.
I $2300 buys a new 5-room cottage; very modern.
$2500 buys a good 5-room cottage; lot 50x159;
a snap.
$2500 buys a 6-room cottace; Santa Clara ave.
and Grand; lance lot; a bargain.
$2730 buys a 6-room cottage; lot 50x150; must
be -old.
$3000 buys a beautiful 6-room cottare; large
lot; carpets, lace curtains, etc., all to be
sacrificed: must be sold this week.
$3500 buys an elegant 7-room home; choice lo-
cation.
$4000 buys an 8-room house; lot 40x136; cost
over $5000.
$4500 buy? a beautiful modern 8-room house;
modern dfeijjn.
SEE OUR BARGAINS: GET OUR PRICES;
VIEW OUR HOMES.
NOTHING LIKE THEM EVER OFFERED
IN ALAMEDA.
SPECIAL SPECIAL. SPECIAL.
$10,000 purchases one of the finest 12-room
house* In Alameda: lot 76x187 >i: furnace
and eletant corner lot; a bargain; originally
cost $22,000. \
ALAMEDA LAND CO.. 1500 PARK ST.
TELEPHONE ALAMEDA 490. ALAMEDA
TO-DAY
WE ARE OFFERING TO THE PUBLIC
CHOICE LIST
OF SUPERIOR RUTS.
IF TOU INTEND BUYING A HOME
TAKE ADVANTAGE
OF THIS CHANCE AT ONCE.
PROPOSITIONS OF THIS KIND DO NOT
LAST LONG.
$1150 — Cottage of 5 rooms, furnished, on
carline; lot 50x100.
$1900 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
centrally located; lot 30x100.
$2250 — 2-story frame building, 8 rooms and
bath; fine well, mill and tank; lot 50x150; good
investment.
$2750— Modern up-to-date 5-room cottage
Just completed; lot 25x150; fine location.
( —————
$4500 will buy a beautiful 9-room house, with
a!l the latest modern imrrovem<»nt£. inclu'l-
irifr carpets, ru-rs. curtains, coal rangre and gas
stove, combination electric lights and gas. fine
basement, with porcelain tubs and patent
toilet: basement lighted by electricity; lot
50x130; don't fall to gee this beautiful home.
BEFORE YOU PURCHASE
CALL AND SEE
OUR LARGE AND CHOICE
LIST OF PROPERTY.
HAMMOND _ HAMMOND.
CONTRACTORS AND BUILDERS
1422 PARK ST.,
ALAMEDA.
Salesman in office to-day from 8:30 to 4:S0.
CHAS. ADAMS & CO.
Two great bargains.
Cottage, 7 rooms and bath; lot 88x150: barn
dr'vtway, fruit trees and flowers: $3750
Cottage, 7 rooms and bath; lot 75x150; barn,
driveway, fruit and flowers.
House cf 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x150; good
location on Lafayette st., near narrow gauge-
$4150: a bargain.
Cottage. B rooms and bath; lot 2Sxl50; $1800.
A snap — Cottage, 4 rooms and S finished
rooms In basement: lot 29x125; $1800.
2-story house of six rooms* ana bath; wind-
mill and tank; lot 2«xlOO; $000.
Cottage, 5 rooms; lot 50x140: a snap: $1200
3 6-room cottages, good location; $2700 each
8-room house; lot 60x203: $2700: a snap.
Business property bringing in $60 per
month .at JtiSOO. *
Lots in all parts of Alnmeda.
CHAS. ADAMS & CO.,
Kay Station, Alameaa. j
Open Sundays, 0 a. m. to 4 p. m.
E. D. JUDD CO.. Leading Real Estate Agent,
1424 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
FURNISHED HOUSES FOR RENT.
$C0 — Beautiful house, 9 rooms; Grand St.;
finely furnished.
$40 — Cottage on Alameda ave.; 7 rooms.
$75 — Central ave., 10 rooms,
$25— Central ave., 8 rooms.
$40 — Cottage San Jose ave.. 5 rooms.
Call at office for full particulars.
FOR BALE
$1200 — Cottage, 6 rooms: Mound *t.
$1300 — Cottage, Buena Vleta ave.. 5 room*.
$1830 — Alameda ave., 5 rooms.
$2100 — Alameda ave., 5 rroms.
$2t'fK) — Taylor ave., 5 rooms.
$2500 — Large 2-story house, 7 rooms; beau-
tiful grounds.
J3C00— Beautiful East Lake house, water
front. 8 rooms.
$GO0O— Cottage, 10 rooms; Verdi at.
$1200 — COTTAGE. 6 room*; near school and
station; lot 50x127:6; street work all done.
$1700^ — Cottage, R rooms and bath; lot 27x
125: near Grand ft. station.
$220t> — Cottage, 0 rooms and bath: with
latest modern improvements; near Willow st.
station.
$2650 — In course of const rurtlen: cottage of
6 rooms and bath: with all latest modern
improvements; lot 50x145: near Chestnut st.
station; this is a cheap buy.
We furnish plans and give estimate* free
to prospective purchasers.
WM. DUFOUR & CO..
2320 Santa Clara ave..
Near Park st.. Alameda. ..
COME TO BEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA FOR
HOMES. •
AH streets Improved; unrivaled transporta-
tion facilities. I can offer a choice of homes
that will suit any purchaser.
Some special properties for this week.
Nicely furnished houses for rent during the
summer months.
Two elegant homes to lease to permanent
tenants; one has carpet* throughout; large
Krounds with flowers and vines, a lovely home.
ELMER E. JOHNSON, Agt., 1501 Park st.
—READ THIS— T"T
COTTAGE; 6 rooms: nearly new; choice loca-
tion; new porcelain sink and bathtub; new
flush closet; newly papered and painted ln-
¦ aide and out; everything In first-class condi-
tion; if sold at once, $1400 on easy terms;
cost owner $2400: only sold on account owner
going East. J. S. HANLEY, 1310 Park st.
$450— FOR sale, a corner lot, 40x1 1H. Call and
see our West . End Tract large lots: house*
built on terms to suit. J. H. YOUNG bulld-
,er. 1243 Park st. • .
A-AMEPA rXTBglSHEP r_AT_.
TO rent — Alameda ; sunny 5-room I fiat with
bath; 3. blocks from railroad; near baths: 1
hour from city. 1505 Fourth st.. A lamed a,
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
FURNISHED flat' of 5 rooms and bath for
three or four months; rent reasonable. Ad-
dress' box 1912/ Call of floe. - v
FEUITVALE ADV'BT'S'M'NTS
fhuitvale real estate.
$1000 — NEW house. 4 rooma, hard finished;
brick foundation: water In house; lot BO— ISO;
adjoining- lots can be purchased i£ desired:
2 blocks from Hayward* car llnei. between
Frultvale and Elmhurst. Apply at 871 Ade-
line st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVEKTISE__ENT3
O___CE, 1118 BBOASWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
— — — — .'_ _.
. .»
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COL. . '
400-442 Eighth *t. Oa_lan_
$9500— Modern double 2-story dw«U!n t in-
vestment; centrally located; coming* busine**
property; reduced from, $13,000; pay* over 7
aer cent.
fSOOO — Must be. *aeri_c«d: fine modern n-
room residence; lot 60x116; SE. cor. AUc» and
13th. immediately adjoining business center.
$7500— Fine Lakeside residence. 11 rooms;
nearly 80 feet frontage; land worth the money;
choicest locality; $5000 mortgage, 7ft per cent;
4 block* to *-"friijr center.
$6500— Magnificent Linda Vista- horn*: In-
dividual and unique rustic design; 8 rooms: 73
feet frontage; One- shrubberies; exclusive and
•elect reaidenca cheap.
$6500— Elegant 2-story gabled residence. 8
rooms: beautiful terraced lot. 50x123; com-
mar.dlng- view; sltu&ttd in. choicest spot Linda
Vl»ta.
$5290 — Fin* 0-room residence; Albion et. and
Telegraph ave.; 45x140; Includes carpets anJ
range; must b* sold.
$3450 — Cost over $6000; elegant 11-room resi-
dence; flno elevation: CtocliD.
$3250— Modern Franklin st. reaidence. 10
rooms; easily converted into Sat*; one. blccU
from business center.
$2500 — Cozy bungalow cottage: modern; (i
rooms, bath, basement: 35x120; $1600 fiat mort-
gage: choice section _ast Oakland.
$2350 — A little beauty: modern, swell front
cottage, 5 rooms, bath; mantel, double parlors,
basement, cement walks, driveway; 55x140;
street work complete; terms; choice location:
Tclrty-flfth tt.: bargain.
$2350— Modern 6-room cottage: basement:
sunny aide; near free library; cheap.
$2450 — Modern K-room cottage, bath. gas.
mantel, cement basement; 20x165; near 10th
st. and Center st. station.
$3100 — Just offered; beautiful modern two-
story home, 6 rooms, bath, reception hall, ce-
ment basement, walks, lawn; 86x140; Thirty-
second and Grove sta,
$1850— Coxy cottage. 5 rooms, porcelain bath.
gas: 60xl2rt; barn, fruit, street work done; near
S7th and Telegraph and Key route.
$1750 — Neat corner cottage, 4 rooms; 25x120;
¦well: stable; Fruitvale.
$1400— Two-story cottage, 7 rooms, bath;
modern plumbing: West Oakland, near 8th st.
$650— 6-room home; lot 25x133; near new
ferry: easy terms; only $650.
$1250— Neat cottage; 5 rooms; 23x100; dots
In; near schools and locals.
LAT1IAXCE REAL ESTATE COL,
460-462 Eighth st.. Oakland.
REALTY-BONDS _ FINANCE CO.. INC.
1172 Broadway, cor. Fourteenth at.
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
$3500.
Nice home near Twenty-sixth aad Broadwa_*
new and medern In every way. open plumb-
ing, etc; th* name can be bourn* on very
easy terms; se» us about this.
$2950.
Here is a nlee 6-room house, newly built: tt 1*
on a pretty cross street near Telegraph ave. :
the lot Is 33x125 and the bouse is well built
and convenient; must b« sold, aa owner Is
leavln_r cKy; terms.
Fine investment tn 7-room hous» sear La k*
Merritt that rents for $35; the house is new
and medern, having* been built only about
a year; easy terms can be mads.
$3250.
Pretty 7-room house on Howe street: c!om> In;
pretty yard and garden, chicken sheds, etc..
and the lot is 60x130; hcuse is about 5 years
old and very conveniently arra— ged; tercia
can b» arranjrtd.
I30CO.
Adeline street home of 7 rooms and bath: Just
completed and very well built and is most
conveniently arranged; the property is near
the Key Route ferry.
=z
; REAL ESTATE.
i
INSURANCE. f
1172 BROADWAY. COR. FOURTEENTH BT.
OAKLAND.
REALTY-BONDS _ FINANCE CO.. INC
TAYLOR BROS. _ CO., Oakland, Cal.
Real Estate. Insurance and Financial Agents.
VACANT LOTS.
$050^ — 50x140 feet; Linden St.; close la.
$1000 — 100x125 feet; Union St.; close- In;
street work complete: easily worth $1500.
$2400^ — 120x120; Moss ave.; street work done;
! fine location; one block street car and
1 about 2 blocks of new ferry,
j $1000 — 50x150; Honora ave.. overlooking Lak?
Merritt; balance of block at much higher
price.
?200O — 125 feet on one of the finest corner* In
Peralta Heights: surrounded by elegant
residences; fine view of the lake.
$2500 — 50 feet fronting- boulevard on Laka
Merritt: should sell for $100 a foot; only
a few lots left.
$3000—50x100; vicinity of 14th and Jackson *ts.
$6000—60x130; the only lot having water
frontage on Lake- Merritt: surrounded by
the finest homes In Oakland.
52100—84x110 feet on West st.: east frontage
worth T30 a foot; must sell.
$1100 — 100x100 on Forty-fifth St.: fine location;
builders should not overlook this.
$1000—225x100 feet on 22d ave.: sightly loca-
tion; worth the price for a farm.
J60O0 — Finest corner on Grove St.: faeln*
Chabot Observatory. Can you beat this?
WE HAVE IMPROVED PROPERTIES TOO
NUMEROUS TO MENTION. GIVE US A
rM t t if YOU WANT TO BUY IN OAK-
LAND. . .. 3i _ I «_
TAYLOR BROS. A CO..
1236 BROADWAY. PHONE CEDAR OX
~ FRANK P. LEE,
011 Broada^y.
14750 — Built for a home: almost new; col-
onial: 7 rooms: cemented basement: sunny siiie
street: near Twenty-seventh and Telegraph.
$2650— Good 6-rocm cottage; close In; sunny
. side: east of Grove st.
$1630 — Two-story house: 6 nice rooms; on
Forty-fourth tt.; lot 50x100.
$2200— New modern cottage: 3 rooms: near
Piedmont avenue: facing south: S7Hxlt7.
$1750— New cottage: 5 rooms: all conven-
iences: good basement: lot 3Oxl2O; near Pied-
mont avenue and Key Route station.
INVESTMENT.
13400 — Two flats: almost new; 7 rooms and
bath each; gas and electricity: between Tele-
graph and Grove: close to business center and
local trains; steady tenants at $64S per year;
pays 12 per cent; Investigate.
Choice building lots in all parts of the city.
FRANK P. LEE.
911, Broadway.
TODD'S BARGAINS!
14000— -Worth S60C0; 8-room, 2-story home;
lot 37:6x150: 4 blocks to local: fine place.
$1250— 4-room. new house; 2 blocks to leca!;
$250 cash. v,*" •
$_30— Fln« lot: close to local.
WM P TODD.
1070 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale— In East Oakland, on East 14th *t..
lot 50x140 feet with improvements; grocery
store and saloon. 50x50 feet, with all fixture*
and stock; flat abov« of tt rooms, bath and
pantry* house in rear. 6 rooms: windmill,
tank* rents $!>0. gas. electric lights; will sell
with or without business or exchange for
San Francisco property: everything in first-
class order. JOHN F. COMMINa. 110 Turk.
$"3 CCO TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE.
' OAKLAND OR BERKELEY.
E. J. STEWART & CO-
IOCS BROADWAY. OAKLAND. \ ~
A SNAP for one week — Lot 40x130; 2 eottages:
1 of 8 rooms and one of 4 rooms: cost $.1800;
will «""1I now $2700. Apply S. S. AUSTIN".
1101 Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland. .
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Pa£C 43.
iJLAMEDA ADVEBTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA HOUSEKEEPIKo' ROOMS.
CLINTON ave., 2031—4 sunny furnished rooms;
marln* view; for housekeeping; gas stove:
bath. -
BEBKELEY ADVEBT'S'M'NTS
BEKKKLET REAL ESTATE.
¦ ATTENTION I YH HOME HUNTER!
BERKELEY IS THE PLACE; HEALTK-
IE6T CITY IN THE WORLD: DRAINAGE
PERFECT: IN THE WARM BELT ON THH
HIGH SLOPES OVERLOOKING THE BAY;
NO SALOONS: FINEST EDUCATIONAL AD-
VANTAGES; ONLY 38 MINUTES VIA SU-
PERB FERRY SYSTEM FROM SAN FRAN-
CISCO: HUNDREDS AND HUNDREDS OF
WHEEZY, SICKLY FAMILIES HAVE- COME
TO BERKELEY TO RECOVER HEALTH,
GOD'S FIRST BLESSING TO ANY HUMAN
BEING; THE ETERNAL NOW IS YOUR
TIME; ACCEPT THIS INVITATION TO
COMB TO BERKELEY- AND SEE WITH
YOUR OWN EYES THE OPPORTUNITY WE
OFFER ' YOU TO BE HAPPY FOR LIFE;
OUR CARRIAGES ARE AT THE DISPOSAL.
OF INTENDING BUYERS.
$0,500 — A new, modern, well-built 12-room
house, near th« university, In choice lo-
cation; east of College ave. ; double pol-
ished floors; reception hall finished in
solid polished oak; will rent easily for
$60 per month: price cut for quick eale;
this is a real bargain.
$€000 — For 9 large rooms: \ stylish home in
excellent residence district; lot 60x160
feet, on warm ccrner; beautiful marine
view; convenient to car lines; room In
rear for another large house, or stable,
or croquet grounds: gplendld concrete
foundation; large basement laundry;
this is another real bargain.
$4000 — In Berry-Ban rs Tract, a. handsome,
new 8-room house, built by owner for
himself; the unexpected compels him to
sell at coot of production; this place
rpeaks for Iteelf; a novice can see It
was not built to sell: see It; It is a
snap. '
WHEN IT COMES TO LOTS, SEE THESE:
$1250 — A balcony view, three blocks from
North Berkeley station, 60xlS5.
$650 — Fine south exposure. 50x135, near
Dwlght Way station; street work done.
$1200 — Elegant corner, near Berkeley station:
street work done; high and sightly; a
rare chance.
$12,000 — 41 fine lots near Telegraph ave.: less
than ?300 per lot; chance to clear $10,000
en this ground inside of one year.
Write us for reliable information and
maps of Berkeley.
W. R. ELLIS & CO..
2160 SHATTUCK AVE..
Berkeley Station.
Phone North »3.
FOR SALE.'
Some of Mortimer's bargains — $1500: see
th:s; 120x135; rtreet macadamized on one side:
lVa blocks from electric line, 4 blocks from
K»y route; a snap. W. J. MORTIMER _ CO.,
2123 Center St., Berkeley.
NEW homes for sale— We have two dozen on
our lirt to suit the most fastidious; make us
a call; $450; Just the place for you; 5 large
lots, lying out near College ave.; oranges
and other fruits crown on adjoining land;
easy terms. W. J. MORTIMER _ CO., 21-3
Center St., Berkeley.
$&50— A MONEY-MAKER; lot 61.60x135;
southeast corner of Fulton and Russell; all
etrect work done except walks; a bargain
at JO.Io. W. J. MORTIMER _ CO., -'123
Center st.. Berkeley.
FOR RENT.
An elegant furnished private home of 7
sunny rooms; all modern conveniences; close to
Kty route and local; will rent for 4 or 5 month*
at $45 per month. Apply at house, 2122
Durant ave. W. J. MOKT1MEU & CO., 2123
Center st.
$2CC0— HALF block by the Santa Fe; $30
month.
$140u — New cottage. 5 rooms, bath, pantry,
city water, sanitary plumbing; lot 60x100; tine
bltck from electric cars; ?150 down, $25
monthly.
$SCO— Neat cottage. 5 rooms and bath; near
gUtion of local train.
J50O— Ix>t. 60x120, on broad macadamized
slrtvt: 150 down, $10 monthly; interest B p«;r
cent net.
$l_Ot>- -House, 4 rooms; garden, etc.; $150
dewn, $10 per month.
$1850 — House, tt rooms and bath; lot 50x130;
email b&rn; street sewered.
Sli'M)— Business corner on principal avenue;
lot eOxlOO.
$1600— Lot for factory site. 221x125.
$250— Triangle lot, 40x120, with cr^ek lined
with willows: J25 down. $10 month.
$1100— House, 4 rooms: lot 47x125; ?10O down,
$15 per nirmtli.
$376— Buslners lot, 1*0x75; $20 down.
$*J50— Lot, 50x100; $25 down. $5 month.
CHARLES A. BAILEY,
1050 University ave.. nr. San Pablo ave.,
West Berkeley.
A BARGAIN. - .
522."" — $200 cash, balance $20 per month. In-
cluding interest; A Iar«» rooms; fine
manl'-l. stationary tubs, high basement;
2 blocks to both trains; sunny side of
fctreel: street work ell done; cement walks.
$23C0 — Nearly new 4-room cottage; all fur-
niched; new piano; lot 50x135; fruit trees
and beautiful flower garden, chicken-
house, plRcon-house; \~ block to train;
owner Kast.
$2f>C0^ — Fine corner; one 4-room flat and one B-
room flat; lot 61x100; 1 block from sta-
tion; snap.
$31S0 — New 7-room house; frescoed walls, fine-
mantel, double parlors, toilet up and down-
stairs, stationary tub*, porcelain bathtub:
sunny side of street; $000 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$21C0— 7-room house; lot 5OxU0; finest part of
Bfrkelpy; this will only last for 3 days.
W. C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
$3750— HANDSOME new 6-room house; large
corner lot; all street work done: dote to
Key Route and S. P. station; v ill be sold
on terms.
$5500 — Swell S-room house, new, on Ashby
' ave.: choice location; lot 50x110; all street
work done. •
BUSINESS SNAPS.
$5000 — Elegant business property; 2 stores and
rt-roorn flat, barn and stabla: adjacent to
Key Route and R. P. station; now leased;
rent $618 per annum.
$2000— Long- established grocery; well stocked;
3 wagons, 4 horses; fine location; owner
retiring from business on account of ill-
ness; tstock, ttc, will Invoice at price.
C. C. KMSLIE, Ashby Sta.; Thone Stuart 709.
"WE SELL THE EARTH."
$l$00— f.-room cottage: lot 40x135; terms easy.
$15.10— 5-rocm cottage; lot" 60x135; terms easy.
$2300— 5-room cottage In fine location.
$2600 — New 6-room cottage close to the station.
$3250 — New 6-room house, cloA In.
$3500 — New 7-room house on easy terms.
Sfl7fifl — Flnfl 8-rooni house; lot 40xl3t.
$4CC0 — Elegant new 8-roora hcuse; good location
$4500 — Nice 8-room house close to Dwlght sta.
$5500 — line 8-room house in Berry-Bangs Tct.
$C5C0— Elegant 0-room house In IIHlegasa Tct.;
l'it (j(!\K,O: this Is an elegant place.
For beautiful location and fine view, we
have lUtcd some of the best building: sites in
Berkeley; call and see us regarding them.
JUSTER _ BAIRD, 2137 Shattuck ave.
• THIS MUST BE SOLD.
$4000— Elejsant residence of 8 rooms: all mod-
ern Improvements; stable: extra large lot.
JUSTER & BAIRD. 2137 Shattuck ave.
BARGAIN — New 6-room cottage, bath, pantry,
folding doors, chii-a closet, pretty mant«l.
large hall, bay window, gas and electric
lights, city water, stationary tubs, stable,
chicken house, fruit treee: extra lanre lot.
all fenced and cross-fencfd; 1 block to elec-
tric linn and R. R-. utatlon; price $2500;
term*. ?150 cash, balance $'J0 per month;
less- than rent; onen Sundays. O. A. RU-
DOLPH, Lorin station, South Berkeley.
NO money needed: If you own a lot I will
build according to your plans and specifi-
cations; monthly payments to suit purchaser;
open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln sta-
tion, South Berkeley.
$3250 — SIX rooms and bath; Oxford ft., near
Vine; 40x135; rents now for $25: bargain.
$3750 — Elegant 7-room house; near College ave.
and north of Dwlght way; sunny, cozy;
fine lot; best part of town.
$2500 — New . house; Parker, near Grove: all
modern: Just what a woman wants to
keep houEO In.
$3000— Lot. 87x130, on Harte St., near College
ave.
$650 — 10-foot lot with all street work done;
elegant vltw.
CHENEY _ BERRY. P. O. B!k., Berkeley Sta.
BERKELEY LOTS ARE IN GREAT DE-
MAND AND GOING LIKE "HOT CAKES."
WE HAVE A FINE LIST OF DESIRABLE
LOTS ON PAVED STREETS. CONVENIENT
TO UNIVERSITY- AND TRAINS, east of
Grove st.. at prices from $700 all the way up
to 12000 and $3000.
We have also some real nice houses, ranging
in price from $1500 for a four-room cottage, to
$2750 to ?4C00 for six and seven-room houses,
and so on to $50CO, $CC00,and over for larger
houses. •
If wt»" can't- eult you In a house- ready built,
wo can sell you a lot and have a house built to
your taste.« either for cash or on moderate
terms. Come and see. us.
LYMAN ALLEN. 2120 Center St.. Berkeley. '
BIG bargain— R-room- cottage In fine condi-
tion: good neighborhood; bath, pantry, fold-
Ing doors, patent closet, china - closet, man-
tel, 2 bay windows, high basement,, station-
ary ' tubs: lot 60x135; flower garden, fruit
treer, full bearing; chicken house, all, fenced
and crow-fenced; street' work done; cement
walks In front and around house;- price,
$2260;: term* $800 > cash, -balance . flat mort-
. gage If deslrtd; owner going East: this prop-
. f rty Is cheap at $2800; close to ¦ station,"
school, church and stores; oyen Sundays.
O. A. • RUDOLPH,' Lorln station, < South
Berkeley. • . - ,
BEBKELEY ADVEBT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
PHONE DERBY S3.
3149 CENTER ST., BERKELEY, CAL.
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$2800— N«w cottage; 6 room*, reception hall
and bath; basement 8 feet high; both city and
well wattr; *v*ry thing up to data; terms, $200
down, balance to auit.
$1000— Her* 1* a chanc* for you to **cor* a
fin* lot; new houses built on lots each *tde> of
it; lot Is on west eld* ef Grove st, south of
Addlsen; sidewalk Is laid; only two block*
from Key Route, S. P. and Telegraph-avtnu*
car*; sis* 40x124.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$350— -$360— $870.
Four fin* lots on east sld* of Cypre** *t.:
beautiful view, 12 ¦ minute*' walk from north
Berkeley atatlon: will mak* rery attractive
term*; size* as follow*:
No. 4 — 45x163 Prio* $S50
No. B — 45x171./. Pries $350
No. 6 — 43x179 Prlc« $360
No. 7 — 45x187 Pric* $375
$450 — $178.
Th* two cheapest lot* In Berkeley: *tr**t
sewered, graded and macadamised, city water,
beautiful view; only 12 minutes' walk from
North Berkeley station.
Will accept any reasonable terras, *la* ana
price as follows:
No. 1 — Corner lot. 45x125 $500
No. 2 — Lot, 45x125 $450
No. 8 — Lot. 44 ft. frontag*. 65 ft la th*
rear. 125 ft. deep, $476.
REDUCED TO $650.
Owner needs a little ready money and will
sell this nice lot for $600: $266 cash, balance
to suit; on Sprue* at., north of Rose; fine view;
¦Us 40x134.
FOR RENT.
Fully furnished house of 11 room*; 7 ef the**
rooms are bedrooms.
We have 10 new houses now being con-
structed in the most desirable residence por-
tion of Berkeley: some will be finished this
month and the others will be finished on or
before July 1; from $4000 to $6000; terms can
be had on any of these places.
ONLY $1600— A pretty little house of 4 rooms;
lot {10x102; near school house and electrlo
car line: a perfect poem. ¦
$2900 — On the «unny side of street: only a few
minutes' walk from the Key Route; a cozy
cottage of 6 rooms: lot 60x135; a bargain.
Only $750 — A fine corner tn the mest fash-
ionable cart of- town: 78 feet frontage;
owner offers at this low price because he
is anxious to sell.
Only $1600— A fine lot 77x256; only one block
from car line.
$100X> — A rew 7-room house; all modern Im-
provements; lot 62 ftet frontage; near Key
Route, station.
$4200 — Fine new house of 8 rooms (4 bed- •
rooms) on a very sunny corner; very con-
veniently situated: lot 60x90.
Now building, a very pretty bungalow near
the hills; will be ready In 30 days.
$6500 — A very pretty Swiss chalet on a fine
corner in the Bsrry-Ban«s Tract; a lovely
home. . •
Just the place to raise chickens; a fine level
210x100, with a fine view of the bay; only
$750.
Houses and Jots In all parts of town.
JOS. J. MASON, REAL ESTATE.
Center and Shattuck aves.
A FKW-OF THESE BEST BUYS FROM MY
EXTENSIVE LIST.
?1500— Cottage of 5 room*, bath; stabl*; lot
30xlo0; above Telegraph ave.; easy
terms.
$2100 — Cottage of 5 rooms, bath; basement; lot
S0xl41; street sewered and graded; above
Telegraph ave. ; S50O cash.
$3150 — New 2-story nouee. 6 large rooms;
finely finished: gas throughout; lot 40x
122; choice residence street; close to i
Ashby.
1*2750— 2-story colonial house; 6 good rooma. :
bath, etc.: Improved street; close in.
$4000 — Grand new residence; 7 large rooms; !
reception hall: large closets and complete
in all details; fit»-foot lot; 2 minutes from
station; both routes. - #
$5150 — Just completed; elegant home in bonton
section; east of Telegraph ave.; 7 large
rooms; reception hall; fine appointments
and finish; lot 45x150.
II. D. 1RWIN.
Open Sunday*. Lorln station, Berkeley.
IZiCO — GOOD 8-room house; lot 50x120; street
work complete; close to Key Route; $300
' down, balance as rent. |
?1700 — House of" 8 rooms, bath, electric
lights, etc.; lot 29x150; street work done; 2
blocks to Key Route.
Snsu — House, 17 rooms; furnished; paying
16 per cent; Illness only reason for selling.
Cheap lots; a few more left: run a flyer
and make money oil Increasing values.
MURDOCK & CO..
South Berkeley (Lorin).
Open Sundays.
OWNER ANXIOUS TO SELL AT ONCE.
74 feet frontage, irregular depth: grand .view
of Golden Gate and all bay points: only two
blocks from cars; 6 blocks from university:
$.1750 house being built on adjoining; lot: price j
$32 60 per foot; street work all done. Address
box 1140, Call office. Oakland.
NEW 5-room cottage: paneled dining-room,
fireplace, porcelain bath. ?'t^. ; laundry with
stationary warhstands, white sink; modern
plumbing: all through; basement, etc.; one
block of station, either line; cars at door;
{ for sale on payments less than rent; lnvestl-
'FRANCIS FERRIER. Real Estate and In-
surance, 2121 Shattuek ave.,- opp. BERKE-
LEY station.
_ MORAN A SWAINi
REAL ESTATE— INSURANCE.
SEE OUR LIST.
MORAN * SWAIN.
2131 SHATTUCK AVE.
MORAN _ SWAIN
Have bargains ~ in real estate. See our ex-
tensive list, Berkeley property Is advancing.
2131 Shattuck ave.. opp. Berkeley station.
?12 60 PER front foot— 3 lots, 50x100 each:
located between Tele_raph and Shattuck
aves. and close to Ashby station; street
macadamized and sewered; must be sold as
a whole.
Cottace and large lot In best residence dis-
trict; street work done.
J. A. MARTENSTEIN. 1008 Broadway.
Oakland. Cal.
BERKELEY BARGAINS.
10-room house; near Key route, east of Shat-
tuck; lot 50x1 3">; $3750.
6 acres, heart of Berkeley, with Improve-
ments; $7000.
A business for sale nt a snap.
J. P. HALE,
1511 Shattuck ave.. 2515 Shattuck ave.,
North Berkeley. Dwlght way.
Pl.one Mason 732, Phone Derby 1022.
$400 EACH.
A few more fine lots, 50x100: east of Tele-
graoh ave., close to 2 car lines.
$050 each — Lots 44x135: street work all done;
between f-hattuck and Telegraph aves.
LITTLE _ WOOLSEY.
1*110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
M. P. ' W. ALBEE, REAL ESTATE— Large
' list homes, residence lots and business prop-
erty; also choice Investment property, pay-
ing a to 10 per cent net; lowest orlces and
satisfaction ruaranteed. 2139 Center st.
102S— ?35C0 — NEW 7-room house; lot 45x125;
southern exposure.
730 — *5000 — 12-room house; lot 60x130;' rented
for $50 per month; the best buy In town.
1042 — ?5000 — 11-room house; close in; center
of town.
6. S. QUACTCENBUSH.
Real Estate, Insurance, Notary Public,
2171 Shattuck ave., Berkeley, Cal.
FOR sale — New and nearly new houses from
$1*00 to $20,000; lots from $250 to $7000; we,
can sell you a desirable lot 3 block* from
-¦¦DwlRht-way station. *Ue 40x130. for $700;
win build you a house to «ult on a payment
' cf $500 down, balance monthly; before buy-
"ing, give us a call and let us show you our
extensive list. F. H. LAWTON (T^a. 2147
Ont?r st.
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
JTRPITV ALE KB A I. E STATE.
SNETEINGER A MATTESON.
12H FRUITVALE AVE.
FRUITVALE. CAL
$1400— Slots, 200xlCO. with 2-room house; fruit.
¦ -berries, etc.; chicken house, pigeon house;
well of fine water; good location; near
school, cburch.and cars. ; iv
$1800— New 4- room cottage; corner lot, S$xl50;
fine location; near school and electric cars;
large pantry: bath: city water; sewer,
etc.: owner going away; $1400 can remain
' . ; on Installment loan. -
THE BEST BARGAINS IN FRUITVALE ARE
ON OUR LIST; LET US KNOW
YOUR WANTS.
THE MOST DESIRABLE BUILDING L0T3
AT PRICES FROM $50 UP.
SNETSINGER & MATTESON.
FBUITVALE ADV'BT'S V _TNT3
PRPITYAIE REAL ESTATE.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
REAL ESTATE,
INSURANCE
AND
MONEY TO LOAN.
$1400.
This 1* a nice three-room cottage, with floor
In basement, convenient to street car* and
broad gauge train to city; let u* show this
to you.
$2250.
Her* 1* a fin* house, near broad araos*
train; flv* rooms, oov* celling* and open
plvmblng; easy terms; call and look at this
btfor* buying.
$300.
New five-roe— house with all modern Im-
provements; four blocks from, local; corn**
lot; see u* about it.
$2250.
.New six-room house two block* from broad
gauze local to city, fronting on Putnam at.,
Fruitvale; thia la offered at lees than It*
value; term* can be axr anted to suit pur-
chaser, i
•00 ¦¦':-:¦, -r
More than three hundred lot* for sal* la
and about Frultvale: easy term*.
$2600.
For *al* or exchange for house In Oakland.
or Frultvale. 850 acres of fine land, saven-room
house. Glen County, near town.
$2275
Secures a most complete cottage horn* with-
in one block of D*wey School; fruit trees and
fine garden; an Ideal Frultvale home; lot S7:floc
125; never offered for sale before.
$1100.
Twenty-five acres dear; dose to town: first-
class land; all fenced; Glen County; se« u*
before buying.
Ranch c t 18.600 acres within 100 miles of
San Francisco for sale; all first-class land,
•uitable for subdivision Into email tracts; rail-
road station and navigable river on one side;
will stand fullest Investigation.
It represent* an apparent profit of ens mil-
lion dollars to th* man who will subdivide it.
For full' particulars call or writ* to SYNDI-
CATE INVESTMENT CO.. Frultval* Station.
Cal.
Telephone Ash SS7.
W. E. RUDELL, REAL ESTATE,
COR. FRUITVALE AVE. AND WASHINO-
TON 8T.. FRUITVALE.
HOME. SWEET HOME.
THERE'S NO PLACE LIKE A HOMB IN
FRUITVALE. HERE IS ONE FOR:
$1000 — House, 4 rooms; city water; nice gar-
den: som* fruit trees; small barn; lot 63x108;
4 blocks from car line, near school.
674 25th St.. bet. 13th and 14th ave*.; $_>00:
hcuse, 7 rooms, modarn in every way; rented
for $2O per mo.; street work done; cement aids-
walk*; $500 cash, balanc* bank, loan.
$1650 — Cottage, 4 room*, modern; 1616 29th
ave., near 23rd st. ; cement sidewalks; street
work all done; terms $150 cash, balanc* to
suit purchaser.
H. A. P.
$1S5O — 2-story modern house: lot 33x125; $3SO
cash, bal. #ame as rent; flowers; 23d St., near
24th ave., 1 block from car line, within walk-
log distance of local train.
H. A. P.
$1875 — New modern cottaxe. 4 rooms: lot
50x140; Fremont ave.; terms to suit purchaser.
$1250— Cottage, 4 nice rooms: lawn; fruit
trees and flowers;H cement walks; lot S7:9x
100; 2 blocks from Fruitvale station; small pay-
ment down, balance same as rent.
$1900 — New modern bay-window cottage, 5
rooms and reception hall; electrlo wires; lot
50x100; 1 block from station.
H. A. P.
?13CK) — New house. 3 extra large rooms;
basement floored suitable for occupancy; sta-
tionary wa»htubs: bath room; gas and electric
wire; lot 37:6x125; Wheeler ave., bet. Putman
and Railroad st.; terms $400 cash, balance
seme as rent: 3 blocks from, station.
$1700— Beautiful cottage. 6 rooms and bath:
city water and sewer; high basement; close to
school and station; reasonable terms.
W. E. RUDELL.
Cor. Frultvale ave." and Washington st.,
FRUITVALE, Cal. »
H. BARKMEYER, 1208 Frultvale ave.,
near Frultvale Station, CaL
$25 cash and $5 per month will buy a fine
building lot. 30x132:6: city water; only one
block from car line; price $290.
Lots $200 and up; half block from Frultval*
ave. ; sewer, and city water; high elevation;
15 minutes' walk to local train.
$750— $1CO cash, balance $.8 per month; good
substantial house of 5 rooms and bath; hard
finished; city water: lot 40x132:6; fine shrub-
bery and fruit trees in bearing; small barn
and chicken house; 2 blocks from car line;
near Elmhurst.
$1650— Cozy cottage of 4 rooms, pantry,
closets, etc.; summer house; stable and chicken
houses; aj>out one acre of extra good soil, all
fenced and cross-fenced; would make a fine
chicken ranch; situated In upper Frultvale;
reasonable terms If desired.
S250 cash, balance $18 5O per month; bay
window cottage of 4 rooms and bath, pantry
and closets; high basement; all connected with
sewtr and city water; 3Va lots fronting on
2 streets; only two blocks from Frultval* Sta-
tion; this Is a bargain; price, all told, $1800.
$250O—»Fln« country home on macademized
road: cottage of 4 rooma; bathroom, pantry and
closets; all In first-class, condition; high base- j
ment: large lot ftlx.TSO: fenced and cross-
j fenced; abundance of flowers and fruit trees
In bearing; 9 chicken houses and small barn;
city water: worth Investigating.
s:u"C<> — I t-3 acres of fine vegetable land:
about IV, acres in bearing orchard and small
fruits; (rood hard finished house of 5 rooms;
large barn and chicken houses; good well, etc.;
4 blocks from car line; no reasonable offer re-
fused as owner is forced to sell. For particu-
lars apply to H. BARKMEYER, 1206 Frult-
vale ave.. Fruitvale, Cal.; tel. Brock 63S.
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 20C.
Office half block from Frultvale station.'
$650 — Lot 50x170; 2-room rustic cottage: lot
inclosed with a 6- foot board fence, picket fence
In front: abundance of berries, vegetables and
flowers on the hills; close to car lines and fine
grammar school.
i $1000 — Cottage of 4 rooms, completely fur- )
' nished; lot 30x115; abundance of berries and
flowers; large chicken yard and chicken house;
1 on the car line.
$1500— Cottage. 4 rooms and bath: high base-
ment: abundance of berries and flowers; 2 lines
of streetcars within a block; line school; good
neighborhood; lot 35x140.
$1650— Just completed; modern cottage of 4
large rooms reception hall, brautlful paneled
leception room, bath: sanitary washtubs; lot
75x113: close to schools, streetcars; In one of
the best sections of Frultvale.
$1750— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, pantry:
large laundry; blgf high basement; fruit trees
and flowers; short distance to car line and
nchoolH; lot 70x112.
$2500 — Modern cottage. Qceen Anne style, of
5 largt; rooms; beautiful art mantel, large
stable, fruit trees, berries and flowers In abun-
dance- lot 50x170; close to a flne school and
streetcars; on the hill*.
These properties can all be bought on easy
terms If desired.
- LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
60x130. well located, only $."00.
3C0xl50 — Fine building property: close to the
streetcars: near a fin* school; would mako 6
good building lots; only $2000.
$75 lots In the bsautiful Rosa Lee tract; fine
soil; grand view; new homes rapidly goinsr up:
no cold winds or wet fog*, and lots only $75
each: $5 down, balance $2 60 per month.
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale avo.
H. W. DAVIS— REAL ESTATE.
Houses built on easy payments; plans and
estimates furnished.
$525— A choice corner lot, 65x123. near Frult-
vale ave.: beautiful view; sewer work done on
both streets: gas. electric lights; city wattr;
easy payments. ' .-:•..
$400 — A fine lot. 60-foot frontage, close to
Frultvale ave.; all conveniences; a bargain;
easy terms.
$250 per lot in Deerlng- Tract: right on top
of the hill' the most beautiful view In Frult-
vale: only four lots left.
$225 — Fine level lots. 53x115. on macadam-
ized street; half block from electric cars and
close to S. F. local trains. • -: .-
H. W. DAVIS, exclusive agent,
1216 Frultvale ave.. near Frultvale station.
$2750 $2750.
A pretty little home In Frultvale district,
consisting: of one acre and 5-room cottage; this
must be sold as owner needs money for busi-
ness purposes. Inquire at once.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT,
1080 Broadway. Oakland.
¦ ' ¦
¦ ______
EATHER Tract, near Frultvale Station.
Lots 25x105 : $250
Lots 37:6x125 .' $39O
Lots 37:6x125 $112 50
Lots 40x123 $425
Come and look over the tract. See the new
homes - belns . erected. isfi/SFW
SALSBURY. agent. Fruitvale ave.. near P. O.
FOR sale — Near Frultvale station; 5-room 2-
story cottage: large lot; flower garden- ce-
ment walks; a^ pretty home; only $2250: $300
cash, halance easy. See owner, with GRAY-
. SON. OWEN & CO., Eighth St., near Broad-
¦ way. Oakland. Cal.
SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARS
The tenslnus of 8-c«nt fare. Haywards cars;
rtreet* graded and graveled: stone cldewalks;
depot on tract: lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per month: 15 blocks to local
train: beet located property on San Leandro
road • graded school on tract. Apply to S. _'
AUSTIN 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oe'zland.
A W_EK'_Tnews for 8 eenta— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HEAL glTATE Co--_T— -y«r «*--.
• I ¦ ' W. J. WHITE.
. "tv^-y RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
r____- EXCHANGES.
. rtX- CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
$12,600 — Splendid stock ranch and general
'' fsx_, 2S00 acres; 4 miles trom Courthouse.
M-ecdoeiao County: 200 acres tillable: 2 com-
*>'.«.. sets- of farm building*; well supplied with
»ate? anfl an abundance of live oak timber;
.there are soieral patch** rultabl* for alfalfa.
'. • $S00O— Only 3H mile* of Geyserrtlle. the Gem
. rf 8»ae__- County; mile good school: rural
•teatff c"«_very; 60 acres; SO acre* rich bottom
land; 2 acres orchard: IS acres vineyard, all
>cer£r#; _6 acres alfalfa; well fenced and cross
'enced; &-room house, 2 rood barns, cloe spring;
' bave other barg— s* in this euperb ?tction.
»_#*-._:> and a half cf St. Helena; 1«
acre*. . -?.O uafier cultivation, 6 acre* bearing
, . cscbard. .6 acre* rtneyard ; wat*r piped to
fcuilfilng*: fin* 2-story residence, stabl*. barn.
carriagc^icuse; once, refused $l_.00O cash.
. $5(jO— Only 1 mile of town; SO acres; house.
t_*i>, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land;
, piacer .and c.uartx cold; 2 garden patches, out-
side rang*, tools, furniture; forced sale.
••" H000— Near Merced City, on main road; 40
"acres rich land; 5 acre* bearing olives, 10 acres
..aifa^a. CH acre* bearing crchard; 2 wells; all
•un£er •_!„_: C_s cottage, 6 rooms; *t*el wind-
mill and tank; rood turn, toolhouse. granary,
. p*ou!lry houses, lr.oubator houses; nice Income;
each-' cr trade bey counties property.
A—FALFA LANDS.
Rich black land. n«ar Stockton, subdivided
in emcJl tracts at Jti per acre; one-third of
.crcp-wlth place.
Adjoining the town of Lodl, both bearing
'win-yard land ead ux__crov*a usflw ditch i
SnC5 to $165 per acre.
«60.x>«r acre; 10 acre* up; unfier ditch; 4H
.tmjea trexn _o£l. on m_n county road; also
-land on U_» Stanislaus ditch aa low a* $45 an
acre.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED, i
I 'hay* several parties with good Income
rrf-perty to trad* lor cheap country homes; also
-iocirtng-ho_ie*; __ny cash buyer*; list your
r-srpertx,
* t.2SO0 — 60 acr«s; 5 miles from Santa Crua: 20
ecres. tinder cultivation, balance roiling- and
f-rcr rteep: email orchard and vineyard, bear-
lrc. cood <-room hcuse. barn, outbuilding*;
t;ar.k fcrecioeure: $500 down and balance
.morthly -payment* if desired.
$10,000-^ln Sonoma County; 800 acre* well
fenced In 3 -Geld*; house; 3 large barns; dairy-
house; • well watered; 200 acre* tillable; all
level: 24 acre* S-year-old orchard; 30 head cat-
.. tie; 20 hogs;, farming implement*, etc; $5000
— <°rt«ge; trade for bay property.
*3250 — 28 acres sandy loam, only 2*6 mile*
ef Petalunia; hou»e.6 room* and bath;part cath.
$5000— Best ranch tn Southern Oregon; 820
aeree-; tracts rood Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; t horses; fanning tools; outside range.
.$4500 — SO acres close to Morran HilL Santa
C&ra .Count)'; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard.' 10 acrea hill pasture; nice hard
'finished cottage of S room*; outbuildings; fine
lnccme ; would trade- for lncoxae city property-.
. $i!0O— Only 6 miles from Courthouse; 60
acre* ;' crchard. vineyard, haute, eutbuliaicrs;
pirt cash; -near P.ed Bluff.
$17,000 — Finest ranch in San Joaquin County,
¦betweea Etotkton and Lodl; water near sur-
fsce; good house, outbuilding*, barn, corrals;
• '*50 acres rich land. 1 m:I* of Calaveras River.
en *_>.:rr read; mortgage $9000; would trade for
<• ._rst-c!a^f yrpperty near city.
$4320— -"N'ar Kewcastle; 21 acre*: cranres,
cherries, peaches, lemon*, plums and apples;
'small t-t dee house; only $1500 down; have
¦ tfc/FafSs in this vicinity from $1000 up.
•tSiCO-^-iO acre*, all in apricots Just ccm-
_ r-.T.c:-g to bear; 6 dies from San Jose; lovely
ten*; htfif cash. ¦
. $1700*^I£ Sonoma City: 3% acres; all level:
•. r~0' ¦ is-s.'." barn, windmill, tankhouse; 13
. . ;••'.-; try. bCusec and yards; some alfalfa; spring
vjiptd^;600 chickens; feedhouse.
¦ !_t'."0— ;C:.!y 2 miles from San Jose; 4 acres;
. ji-t acr_ * bearing crchard; hard finished cot-
«. tare. V rc*mi; cu>ble, windmill and tank;
cfcMp. '".
$2SC£u^IS6 . acrea east of San Jose. 125 acre*
•• In *_r; _:ood soil.
. • - ' Stnd' etaiap for printed list.
*X:."3. tVHITK . £6 Montgomery st. room 8.
' '' PROPimTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
,1 • ."Full cf.arse taken of property.
.• * STOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California,' Neva—a, Arizona. Mexico clock
fsftche*. fcr jbeir value for grazing — vast tracts
./uitatoie tpr subdivision and coloniratlcn. Val-
uable .not.&J one for grazing, but for timber, ag-
ricuiuire, cil, rr.icerals cr town sites. We have
Viar.y tracts where frost never occurs. We
hmve _:ar-y variable pasture lands where grass
- # <^ttle are fat in April, when beef commands
vhe fjjhest price.
. «*v> ka^e burlness property that will pay 6
T*r cert fiet cr: .cost for five or ten years' lease.
j-esiflences. up to date, in the land of
the letrcn, orange, euashine, fruit and flowers.
; . . .
»Vi'e"*h>Ve tr.aiiy beautiful orchard homes in
. i-the. fatfcc* Santa Clara Valley, near the Garden
. <7:fSi cf California. Good dairy and alfalfa
jrmnrJtrm. ' • ' .
- ,*\Ve".<^h" offer a Mexican grant that will sup-
• .'pert I0,tJ<*0 head of cattle for enly $50,000.
•* * V CHARLES W COE & CO.,
. " _ '"R-c-i Eftate, Cattle and Loans,
.."* t%«79. Auztrcis Bldg., San Jose. Cal.
•• -' • • PALO ALTO.
AT AUCTION .AT AUCTION.
, .•„ • •• SATURDAY, MAY 7. 1904.
'3V choice villa F'.tes. handsomely wooded
• wtth-t!v* oaks; adjoining Leland Stanford
Cniv— Yftr, destined to be the greatest unl-
Vr».liy in th* world; the natural suburban
-* ..rfj-idrnoe fectien to fian F'ran'-isco: only one
hour V ride- from city; will be 40 minutes
. with.nea' Southern FaciSc cut-oft now in
. <Vi:rse "f construction.
VO WINDS.
NO FOGS.
NO FERRIES.
But a delightful ride through nature's fa-
veryd _>ark.
i h:s will be your only opportunity to se-
cur* rror>erty In Palr> at first cost; sure to
ccuble" Jn the next two years.
Psl<vAl;o is growing; over 500 new homes,
.rogting $200,000, built in last three years.
" # excursion train. Call or eend for
•map and catalogue
¦ . C. M. WGOSTER CO.,
. , »iS MARKET STREET.
"' <7.O0O—_i ACRES bottom land. 4'i acres
•reaches. 11 acres prunis. all 6 years
¦<4d: fine 2-etory house, barn and out-
buildings-
•$J»:4CCMM;O acres land. 15 acres grapes. t>ear-
•irr* 10 acres hay land, balance pasture;
, H-fctory dwelling, barn and outbuildings.
tl.KOQrr-12 acre* land. 0 acres grapes; house
_* and- barn; fine for chicken*.
ltO.COO-^-60 acres land: i.'O acres grspes, bear-
• ing; fruit an<i hay; fin* 2-story dwell -
'. " • irir. barn. *Wn<3mi!l and tank; average
leccme 4 years. $3926.
.-¦$7,t>00— 25 acres land, (S^ acres peaches. 4%i
'¦' ¦"-rears,. l',_ prunes, '& grapes; fine dvrcli-
- • ing. barn and outbuildings.
.;-$3,5OCr—^ acres bottom land. 4 acres peaches.
• ' « . acres prunes ; 5 years old.
-K-cr -further information address
•/' J. Q. JMC—S. Agent. Heald*Jjurg.* Cal.
•W_'LL--eeIl the earth — Of the foliowing apple
orchard*, situated in celebrated Pajaro v_.l-
.-. l'-y.^Ea.nta-Cruz County: 40 acres full bear-
'• . ln£ apples; Royal Anne cherries; county road
••¦*¦.<! :i;Iies trac't; either half sold separately or
" _ af a whole.
'" . 50 acres, all planted In Newtown p!ppini«,
-e!tuau.-l - cn banks of Lake Pinto, 214 miles
• •- 'i-m« _ P. R. R. »
-'. " -Svacres, 10 planted to Bellefleur* and
V N^w-tcwn pippin*. 7 years old: good wat*>r
"; runs ,thr<rfgh trsct; generally planted to po-
. .' tafoes.' peas, parden truck.
V"; f GAFFEY & MAHON,
' -. •_•-.;. ¦ 505 California at.
718 .ACT.ES a«5Join!r._- Palo Alto at $60 per
- :*f-T/': -100 acres full bearing prunes; 2 flrst-
.- . *ii:ast'-j 0-room houses, etable, cowbarn, hay-
-.- # Erunchcufc*. storehouse; fenced In 6
.• fifld*," weter piped to every building and
'• field. TilORNE _ KILPATHICK. 312 Bush
• tr-r 5tq .Fran.ci?co.
GREAT.' bargain— Rich, Irrigated farm*: 'b!g
¦ „ canal ;-.f fee wat?r right; very cheap; easy
~ •terms; * bometeeker's opportunity. C M
*WOOSrER CO.. 618 Market sL .. r
**FIR£T-cIa**> dairy near HoU's'.er— 278 acres,
75 Jn, tlfaJfa; irrigation plant; modern lm-
. i>rovem*nts; personal property consists of K'i !
. .[ir'ad* of cattle, '20 nortec, dairy utensils,
' ferm!r.r Implements; lart year's milk re-
. ttirr.s furnished; as owner is actively tn-
* taped in bu«lncF* in this city cannot devote
; j;^ct»fc^ry.tin>e to dairying: therefore will
'tell ch^p and make liberal terms to prac-
•\ t;r.3l rr^n, or .trade for city or Berkeley
. • uroperty; particulars jrtven.
• GAFrEY & MAHON,
505 California st.
J HAVE for «ale several fine farms, 120 acres
end upward: price from $25 tff $50 per acre;
a!l lew?], plenty o,f water and wood, epieudld
cliftaje. tiear two proposed roads and the
• V:ei<?br*t*d Eel River coal fields. For further
..Ii*r_cul»*ri!,'adcire«» Box -', Covelo. Mendoclno
County. Cal. .
•flH.OGO-**;^ ACRES 5 miles from Ll\crmore.
•* ;:md fine rtyKlenc* and 2 cottages; fine large
• •»<arn and outbulldince; large cement reservoir
koldlftg ab«;t eoy.OUO gallon* of m-ater; small
.family orchard: "One climate and ideal spot
' i for a gentleman's residence or sanitarium.
lAfcMTON _ GARDINER. 411 Montgomery rt.
-
' 1400 ACRKS at $8 W) per acre; only 90 mile*
!rom Han Francisco; to close up an estate.
* 4^.. <_».s,.r dallyat 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
' INGE 105 Jesele et., 2aa FrancUco.
. ' » * . 1
_NTJR_LY on time to good man. B acre*
near .-Stanftrd fr.lverslty; garden epot of
'.J'aiii/nri*: close to trains; cheap transpor-
tation, fee owner. SCO He* ret building.
<~CUNTRY.cesl estate and town property, fur-
riehfl-and unfurni*bed; reasonable rent. J.
X. M'cCOY. Lo* <3ato«. Real Estate. Insur-
ance -_nd Colle»tion«.
,'f_^p for* catalogs* "California"* Choicest
. Acre*." WILLIAM P. WRIGHT, Mountain
. ,* View, fcfnta Clara Ccunir. CaL 1THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; SUNDAY, MAY 1, 1904.
48
BUSINESS CHANCES Continued.
A— $1500— DAIRY produce . route; butter and
eggs; established 5 years; 2 horses, 1 wagon;
owner clears above $150 per mo; good cash
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26'^ Kearny.
A-^$5000; HARDWARE store; apeclaltles.
locksmith, electric bells, model-making, ma-
chine work etc.; eatab. 20 years; located
Sixth st; large stock. . See R. G. WILKE,
2O',4 Kearny at .' ¦ .
A— $1000: RESTAURANT In San Rafael: dally
receipts $25; rent $30; muat be aold at once:
good place. See R. G. WILKE. 26 Kearny.
A— $1000: DAIRY '¦ produce and dellcateeaen
store; close to Market at; dally, receipts
about $40; rent $45; good business; value In
sight R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $550; OYSTER and chop house; close to
Ellis and Mason ats.; rent $35; worth at
least $900: rare opening. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at
A — $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business; store receipts about $60 per day;
bar receipts about $20; owner will sail for
cash or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE. 28ft
Kearny at.
A— $2600; CORNER grocery and bar. oa Powell
at.; 5 yeara' lease; rent $40; business estab.
years and first-class paying; value in sight
Call R, G. WILKE. 26 V4 Kearny at
A— $5000; THI2 leading saloon in manufacturing
town of about 5000 Inhabitants; 5 years'
lease; rent f»0; full value in sight; first-class
paying business; about 2m miles from S. F.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $2200; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
etore; established years; rent $55; monthly
sales about $1500; a first-class paying busl-
ness. See R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny at
A — $750; CIGAR atand on Market at; rent $06;
one of the best- located stands and a bustntaa
where - fullest investigation la solicited: a
bargain. Call R. O. WILKE. 28% Kearny.
A— $8000: CORNER grocery and bar with S
yeara' lease; rent $75; 2 horsea; 2 wagona;
average cash store trade $2500 per month;
dally bar receipts $25; full value in sight;
location the best In the city. Call R. G.
' WILKE. 26% Kearny at ;
A— $450: PLUMBING and gaafltUng shop on
Flllmore at; rent $20; ownera muat aell at
once as they are engaged in another bual-
nesa. Call R. G. 'WILKH. 26% Kearny st
A— $3000; GROCERY atore; established many
years and doing a large cash business:
located close to Market and Sixth sts. ; a
good paying business; investigate and you
find a very rare business opening. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $750: SALOON on Montgomery st: place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month: Investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A — $3000- CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg.:
8 yeara' lease; net rent $120; thla la one of
the beet saloon locations in this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $1100; SALOON, with 3 rooms; cloae to
Kearny and Bush sts.: rent $75: lease; place
"easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest stock of liquors. All particulars of
R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. -
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery in
choicest location; rent $80; daily receipt a
about $70; a good business, but stckhesa of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
CIGAR store down on Battery. $850; trial given.
T. J. DUNN & CO., 1312 Market st.
BRANCH bakery and notions; 15th, nr.Mlsslon;
$400; rent $15. T. J. DUNN. 1312 Market at.
MILLINERY store; Geary at., near Kearny;
snap; 5-year lease; fixtures worth the money;
good reasons. T. J. DUNN, 1312 Market st.
SALOON: Third st, near Market; $2200; 3-
year lease. T. J. DUNN & CO., 1312 Market
ROOMING-HOUSE: 7th at, nr. Market: 35
. j rooms; clears $100. T/J.DUNNACO..J312 Mkt.
FOUNDRY, well established in city;
good paying business; brass and iron;
rent only $30; clearing $400 monthly:
great opportunity; plant worth $43GO;
buyer can secure control for only $1500.
MUTUAL INVESTMENT CO..467 Parrott bldg.
OLD established real estate and business
chance office for sale or exchange for busi-
ness or city lots; clears $300 monthly; will
remain with buyer until acquainted.
ANDERSEN & RILEY, 935 Market st.
NEW corporation; new and exclusive field; no
canvassing; office work only; very profitable;
no experience necessary, but good address,
some polish and methodical habits essential;
lady or sent.; capital required, $500 to $1000;
fullest lnv. lnvlted.Apply HENRY G. SHAW,
401 Croseley bid.. 83-85 New Montgomery st
$350 SECURES Interest in light office work,
where party can easily clear $125 monthly;
references «xchanged;- experience not neces-
sary; live man wanted; bona flde proposition.
Particulars 1007% Market at, room 1..
$1275— RESTAURANT; best in town; flne lo-
cation; excellent trade; receipts $1400 per
. mo. ; expenses, $2S5 per mo. ; meals 60c and
up; no union help: overstrain of business
cause of sale. D. L. JUNGCK. 2111 Shat-
tuck ave., Berkeley.
WANTED— MORE CAPITAL
In the California Lighting Co., exclusive
handlers of the new gas light, the king of
all lights; a wonder; a fortune to be made
on Investments, large or small. 6 Eddy st,
room 2. ¦
PARTY with small capital can secure Interest
In mechanical Invention destined to effect
enormous saving In one of the world's great-
est industries: large profits and quick re-
turns. Call and aee at factory, 2140 Folsom
street"
OLD-ESTABLISHED millinery business for
sale; near Kearny st. ; 5-year lease: price
very reasonable owing to departure; would
exchange for real estate either city or Oak-
land. Box 185S. Call.
FIVE long shots to be cut loose closing week
of -the races; we're on: money placed. $50
upward: specials given by. wire $10 week, $2
day. Track Tipsters. 231 Post at., room 6,
San - Francisco. .
FOR sale — Well paying. long established
hardware and paint business; price and rent
. reasonable: owner willing to teach pur-
chaser. 1535 0 th (Webster at). Alameda.
MEXICAN devil Jumping beans; wonderful
curiosity; $1 per lOu; send for catalogue;
Mexican curios. Ross Curio Co., Laredo,
Tex. (on the Mexican border.) >
BUTCHER shop and -fixtures complete, with 1
room or suitable for branch store; rent $15.
For keys. 3506 Mission at.
WANTED — Shoemaker to buy . repair shop;
good location for shoes and gents' furnish-
ings. Box 1955. Call.
HALF Interest in clothes cleaning route; good
proposition. M. NEILSON, 2503 Telegraph
ave., Berkeley. \
THREE more men to Join party to work mine
in Nome; must have $200. 6 Eddy, room 53.
1 to 4 p. m. ¦¦".'
$400 — Locksmith, electrician and general re-
pair shop; centrally located; no agents. Box
V9, 100$ Market st. N
WELL paying saloon . and lodging-house;
whole or half. Inquire 22 East st
WIN $10 playing slot machine with my meth-
od. E. W., box 61, West AUls. Wis.
$350— FINE cigar stand; located at 621 Mont-
gomery et, .for sale; snap. .:: V
KODAK agency for sale in Oakland; a bar-
gain. Box 1143. Call office. Oakland.
MONEY for every woman; no Investment; no
experience. .Box 10C9, Call office.
$125 — FINE corner cigar stand; fine stock;
good trade; see owner. 118 Third at
FOR eale^ — Good saloon. Call 905 Kearny at
$750 — DOWNTOWN cigar atore; worth $1000;
fine trade; slcknesa. Hunsaker. 6 Eddy at
DELICATESSEN— Good stock and fixtures;
Bargain by May 4. -Box. 1857,- Call.
FOR sale — Bakery and delicacy atore; over $25
daily- trade. 2474 ¦ Mission st.
CANDY and Ice cream parlor; must sell; good
fixtures. Inquire 1427 Market at
WANTED— Reliable man. with $4000 as part-
|g ner In general merchandise business; 15
years' standing; long lease; chance of a life-
time for : live, man that has business ability;
references • exchanged. Address California
Investment Co.. 777% Market st.
LIST of first-class saloons, groceries,: restau-
- rants, ; coffee saloons, cigar stands, country
merchandise -stores.' hotels. : etc., for sale or
. exchange. : EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny
' st phone Red 6092. . • ¦
A' $600 FLORIST business; In flne location;
must be sold. on account of illness; a bar-
gain; no 'agents. Address box 3710, Call.
FOR sale — Cigar store and billiard hall, cash
register and slot machines; a bargain; offer
wanted. . 155 •. Seventh - st '-.. ¦ *
PARTNER - to take interest and * help work
property in ? Alaska; muat . have . $500. 730
Hyde at."- :¦.::.: .".'.:." ,r ¦...- .•-
A — $600 BUYS best paying corner cigar stand;
Market at; rent $50; lease. 017 Market at.- r.l.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar. Call'321 Bryant
'.-.: street .;.,--, .- ¦.-_-,..- ...; , . . --; ..._• ..¦ -.
PARTNER . wanted • In good paying milk bual-
y ness ; ; few hundred : dollars. * ; Box ¦ 3645, Call.
GERMAN - : or: American * can Invest $1000;
make $2000 year round. .Box 3117,- Call. ,
_ BPSIHESS CHATTCRS— C»nttmum4L. ,_
MARION GRIFFIN,
408 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance;
modern business methods in flne front of-
fices; phone Black 3607. or take elevator to
fourth floor; up-to-date title abstract free
1 with every sale. ; '
GREAT bargain In an 11 -room house; flne lo-
cation downtown; near. Post and Mason; al-
most a gift; think of aelllng auch a house
for less than $50 a room. MARION" GRIF-
FIN^ .
ONLY $350 down and $350 in payments take*
furniture and business of a small boarding-
house with 12 boarders: rent $45; new
house; on sunny corner. MARION GRIFFIN.
HOW ia thlaT 16- room corner house north of
: Market; rent $30; clears $41 monthly: price
$400; only $100 down. MARION GRIFFIN.
SELECT home of 17 rooms near 8utter at:
kitchen: dining-room; very quiet and refined;
cleara $80 a month. MARION GRIFFIN.
¦ —^— ¦'¦ -. '•¦
SWELL transient bouse; most beautifully fur-
nished; extra flne hair mattresses; new and
modern: building on sunny corner: 24 rooms:
when you see it you'll buy it of MARION
GRIFFIN. _^
JUST Hated; 31-room apartment houae: room-
ers take care of their own rooms; newly pa-
pered; corner house; furnished In oak and
cherry: Brussels and moquet carpets; rent
only $125; manager occupies 2 nice rooms
and clears $115 exactly each month.
_.¦¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
CHEAP houae; 32 rooms; on NE. corner; near
Market; rent $100; 2- year lease; price $1400;
big money-maker. MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT house of 4S rooms; splendidly
furnished: on sunny corner and streetcar
crossing; long lease; electricity for elevator
and lights; monthly profit $222; price $4500.
?:¦*:¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
$3600 PROFIT yearly; accurately kept' books:
house has a wide reputation from Oregon to
Mexico; lawyers, merchant* and bankers stop
at this house: 60 rooms, with splendid fur-
nishings; lease: elevator and all conveni-
ences; will Inventory the furniture and give
you an abstract of title; make offer to
_ MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH-CLASS proposition— We hav4 decided to
sell our hotel and have employed MARION
GRIFFIN to conduct the sale: NEW and
MODERN building of 70 rooms and In the
fashionable part of city; furnishings superb:
price $5C0O less than cost; should clear $600
monthly. ~
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy at. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $.150 to $1000
Candy and Icecream parlors.... $200 to $250t>
Barber shops $500 to $250O
Cigar stands $350 to $2C00
Groceries and bars $500 to $5GU0
Saloons $300 to $10.0CO
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
' Fruit and vegetable stores $3C0 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $6000
Delicatessen stores ..$250 to *450O
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
For sale — First- class ' legitimate mining
propositions that will bear strict investiga-
tion.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; flne
groves; 36- room hotel; all furnished and
' equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay. vegetables; all
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity In
this $2500: death in family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO. _^
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bear Investigation; price $1300. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business:
central location; established 9 years; rent J3O;
clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st ..
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business: cheap rent; 6% years' lease;
one of the beet transfer corners In city; do-
ing flne business; other interest cause of sale;
•price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located and equipped family
liquor store; rent only $35; fixtures $200;
stock, will invoice between $400 and $300;
must be sold by 1st: other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy at
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or will trade^ — 6 acres Inside city
limits; one of best Interior cities In Callfor-
. nla; house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO., 3 Eddy st.
TO exchange — 35- room downtown house; win
exchange for smaller house, ranch or Income
property; 18-room apartment house to ex-
change for small ranch. CAMERON & CO.,
8 Eddy, at. " - -,
FOR sale— A snap; Controlling interest In large
planing mill In this city: full complement
latest machinery; practically new: ?ong lease:
low rent: can easily be made reirt free; rent
already reduced more than half by sub-
leases; over $10,000 in contracts maturing. ;
i Owner has Interests out of city demanding :
attention: price $12,500. negotiable paper or
S. F. realty. Address box 1811. Call.
; $950 — GROCERY and vegetable store, restau-
rant adjoining; good lease, rent nominal: 16
rooms. 2 stores, 3 living rooms; clearing $100
month; can be made pay more; on car line;
near park; flne business corner. BUSH-
HEDEMARK CO.. 11 Montgomery et j
FOR sale or will take partner In a light busi-
ness, paying handsome profits; average
monthly receipts over $300: expenses $85. For
particulars, address box 1752, Call office.
FOR sale — Grrcery. candy, notions, cigars and
branch baker)*; all good stock and will sell
reasonable; established 10 years; low rent;
living rooms. Box 1808. Call office.
THERE Is an opportunity for you to Invest
your money where It will pay more than
ordinary Interest Write for particulars to
876 Laurel st. Alameda. Cal.
AN opportunity for men and women to mar-
ket a new but thoroughly developed oil-
burner. Call or address Crude Oil Stove
and Furnace Company, 182 First st.
STOCK or bond issue of reputable corpora-
tion, mining or Industrial, wanted for selling
on commission; give particulars. P. O. box
14C3. New York City.
100 LOTS free; applicants sending stamp will
receive deed of lot. size 25x100 feet; suburb
N. Y. Twentieth Century Realty Co., 6
Wall st. New York.
$200 AND services win secure a partnership
in a business paying $90 per month to each;
long established. 1027% Market st r. 2.
$1000 WITH services to Invest In legHImate
business by competent business man; no
agents. Box 1777. Call office. -. r ..--• |
FOR sale — Restaurant and delicatessen com-
bined, clearing $175 per month: low rent;
good location. Box 1020. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a good hotel or boarding
house in city or country. Address, with par-
tlculars. box 1973. Call office. _^
WANTED — To buy half or whole of a furni-
ture store; state full particulars; no agents.
Box 1962. Call office.
PHYSICIAN— For $300 can buy small drugstore
with good practice In a growing suburb of
this city. 1170 Market at. room 11.
F&R sale — Half Interest In one of the best
.business chance and lodging-house offices
In the city. Box 3247. Call office.
WANTED — A partner to take charge of and
manage a music parlor In San Francisco.
Address box 1905. Call office. . ¦. -
WANTED — To buy a stock of general merchan-
dise In country town In a good healthy lo-
cality. Box 1705, Call office.
$375 — DELICATESSEN and lunchroom;
trade and flne location for meals; rent low,
J27 50. Address box 1993. Call.
Al LAUNDRY route; new wagon; on account
of sickness. Apply box 1S39, Call office.
$1500— GROCERY . and bar In Park district
Box 1052, Call office.
\ WANTED— A cigar- stand. Box 3233. Call
office. . . ¦ . ¦
, HORSERADISH grinding and delicatessen bus-
iness; good reason for selling. 2401 Mission at
WANTED — Party with $200 to take half Inter-
est in business. -Box 3704. Call office.
I WANT to rent a shop In the country; car-
' riage painter. 009 Kearny at., S. F.
WANTED — A cigar stand; state location and
price. Box 1S89. Call office. .
DON'T work, for others: be boss;, start mall-
order business; we help you: plan and cata-
logue for stamp. CENTRAL . SUPPLY
COMPANY." Kansas City. Mo. '
$2500 WILL buy half Interest In squab ranch:
man of experience from East Box 68, 1003
Market at. ¦ . ¦ . •
PARTNER for prospecting in gold mine In
California: have ore to show. Box 3758. Call.
HALF Interest old established real estate office
In Berkeley . R O. box 162. Oakland.
A WEEK'S newa for & centa — The , Weekly Call.
1 16 pages, in wrapper, for nailing, $1 per year
CHURCH SERVICES— Con tinned.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Flllmore sts. — Rev. John Hemphlll,
D. D.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock.
Dr. Lyman Abbott of New York will preach.
Evening service at 7:45 o'clock. Rev. John
8. Macintosh. D.D.. will preach. Sabbath
school at 9:30 a. m. ; orchestral music;
Christian Endeavor meeting . at 6:30 p. m.
Prayer meeting Wednesday - - evening at 8
o'clock. AIL are cordially Invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church. . Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento at. — Rev. , William Kirk
Guthrie, pastor. At 11 a. m. the flf ty-flf th
anniversary of the Sunday-school will be
held — children's day. The children will as-
semble at 10:30 a. m. The pastor will de-
liver the address. At 7:45 p. m. Rev.
Charles B. Mitchell. D.D.. of Cleveland,
Ohio, win preach. Christian Endeavor. 5:30
and 6:30 p. m. Wednesday, 8 p. m.. mid-
week service. All are cordially invited.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
of Webster and Flllmore ata. — Sermon at 11
a. m. by Rev. Herbert E. Haya; theme, "In
the School of Christ" and at 7:45 p. m..
theme. "All Things Ready." Sunday-school
at 9:45 a. m. ' Christian Endeavor at 6:45
p. - m. Prayer meeting every Wednesday
evening.
FIRST Congregational Church, oorner of Post
and Mason Ets. — Rev. George C. Adams,
D.D., pastor, will preach at both services.
' At U a. m., topic. "Bearing One's Cross";
reception of members and Holy Communion.
• At 7:45 p. m., topic, "The Sweet Psalmist
of Israel." All are cordially invited.
THIRD Congregational Church, Fifteenth st!
near Mission — Rev. William Rader, pastor,
will preach at both services. 11 a. m., "The
, Persistence of the Soul','; 7:45 p. m., a eer-
mon. "To Housewives." second In series.
"Straight Sermons to Earnest People." A
chorus choir, under direction - of William
Stadtfeld. Popular people's service.
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough ata. — Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett, D.D., rector. Holy
communion, 7:30 and 11 a. m. Sunday-achool
0:30 a. m. Mornjng service. 11 a. m. Even-
ing service, 8 p. m. The rector will preach
! at both services. You are cordially Invited.
FIRST Baptist Church. 320 Eddy st. — Rev. L.
P. Russell preaches at 11 a. • m. and 7:30
p. m. Communion following morning ser-
mon. Bible school at 12:30 p. m. Christian
i Endeavor meeting. 6:30 p. ~m. ' Midweek
prayer eei-vlce Wednesday. 7:45 p. m.' A
cordial welcome to all. Seats free.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter St., bet. Kearny and Grant
ave.— Christian Science service at 11 a. m.:
subject of lesson-sermon, "Adam and Fallen
Man." Sunday achool for children at the
Fame hour; Wednesday evening meeting at
S o'clock,; free reading-room, 206 Kearny at..
rooms 509-510; all "are welcomed
BENJAMIN WHEELER WARD, evangelist
will preach In the "Jerry McAuley Mission."
824 Howard st.. this afternoon, at 3 o'clock:
subject. "Deliverance From Egypt." Even-
Ing subject, "Philosophy of Faith." Tues-
day evening Mr. Ward will answer ques-
tions. Wednesday. Thursday and Friday
evenings he will conduct revival services.
Don't fall to hear Mr. Ward.^ He Is mighty
In the Scriptures. ,
A GREAT mass meeting for men only at the
Young Men's - Christian Association audito-
rium. Mason and Ellis ets., to-day at 3
o'clock, to be addressed Bishop Vincent;
General Secretary McCoy will preside; spe-
cial music; all men who are unable to. get
into the Alhambra Theater meeting are in-
vlted to this one; all ceata free to men.
THE Theosophleal Society Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott. president- founder — Headquarters Acad-
emy of Sciences building. Public lecture In 1
| main hall at 8 p. m. by Mr. Thomas Prime;
subject. "The Power of Thoughts* ' Lotus
Group, 11 a. m. Study class,
2:30 p. m.'
THE People's Church meets Sunday evenings
i in Elks' Hall, 223 Sutter st. at 8 o'clock.
Subject this evening. "From the Beginning."
Paetor. Mrs. Anna L. Gillespie. residence 1101
O' Farrell Ft. Pastor will be assisted by
Mrs. J. J. Whitney. ¦
j BUDDHIST Mission. 807 Polk et.— To-day at
11 a.m. we commemorate for late Mrs. A.
White, and Rev. K. Etori will speak on
"Life and Death."
: GOLDEN GATE Lodge, room 5, Odd Fellows'
bldg.; subject, "Ethical Causation," by an
F. T. S.
* MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
'^^^^^^MltS?^rT^VHTrNE*Yr^^^^^~^^
Medium.
Will give messages from your arisen friends
THIS EVENING.
ELKS' HALL. 223 Sutter St.
SITTINGS DAILY.
Hotel Netherland, 18 Turk at., near Market,
room 17; elevator. '
PROFESSOR FRED P. EVANS, the famous
psychic, known throughout the occult world
as the peer of slate writers; Interviews dally
on all subjects of Interest; business, social or
spiritual. Office 1112 Eddy st. near Octavia;
i phone Scott SS7; send stamp for circular.
! EDWARD EARLE. the great independent
slate writer; bring your own slates and
write your own' message at home: fee $2 if
satisfactory or no charge. 1052 Ellis st.
j CONFERENCE memorial Eervices, 2 o'clock,
Scottish Hail. Larkin st. in honor of our
•Sister Perkins. Speakers, mediums and
friends invited.
MMK. YOUNG'S spirit messages to-night. 10c
019 McAllister: all private readings dally.
700 Central ave., Sixth-st station, Alameda.
TESTS — 009 Market 2-8; . Wilson. .Madam von
Walte. 8; Dr. E. E. Collins reads poem,
"Home of the Soul." Dr. Cowan, 10c.
W. G. KEEGAN -holds test seances every night
except, fc'at. ; 10c; ait. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth st.
MRS. STODDARD'S seances 10c; each hear
from friend: Sun., Tues. 278 9th; sitting.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 835 McAllister; tests every
eve., 10c;read.dally;Mrs. C.J. Meyer; others.
i MRS. EBERHARDT tests to-night, 10c: read-
ings dally. 3250 22d, bet. Valencia & Mission.
| MRS. HARLAND'S circles, evenings; to-night,
10c. 148 6th; prophetic readings, 50c, $1.
i MRP. D. M. COLBY, 1041 H Valencia; sittings
dally except Saturday. ¦
SUNOAY LECTURES.
D^r^mT^T^RGAN^In^d^nveTir^ree
Illustrated lecture to men only this evening
Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, »09 Market Bt;
subject, "Reaping the Harvest"; free tickets
will be distributed for X-Ray exhibition at
sanitarium. Tuesday evening. Remember the
question box; special music.
DR. T. M. CONDOR lectures at Lyric Hall,
Il» Eddy st. Sunday, May 1 and 8; aubject,
"The Healing Art," with clinical demon-
strations. Patients treated before audience.
Christian Scientists Invited. Admission 60c;
8 p. m. "
O. N. ORLOW'S lecture this (Sunday) evening
will be delivered at 3440 Clay at, corner
of Laurel, at 8 o'clock sharp; aubject, ,
! "Personal Liberty."
j Instrumental and vocal solos. Admls. free.
ALHAMBRA Theater— Mayday celebration to-
night, 7:30; prominent speakers In English-
also speakers in German, Italian,-- PolUh,
] Japanese, etc.; good music; free.
! SARAH J. W ATKINS, Church of the New
Thought. Chicago, lectures Sunday at 11
a. m.. Golden Gate Hall; aubject, 'A Wise
Man." Free.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists to-night 'odd Fel-
lows bldg.. 7th-Market; Mrs. Llllle. speaker.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent .to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1. t
MEETING NOTICES.
MEETING Notice — The of- ¦ - -
ficers and members of 4f/9 "gfl
Golden Oate Camp No. y^>ft»yiML
04. Woodmen of the f^^WfcpWJi*!
World, are requested to fc£gfi^jy«*fffiB '
attend the funeral of our .^^^¦^^^
late neighbor. S. B. MELBYE TO-DAY
(SUNDAY). May 1, at 0:30 o'clock from
617A Clementina st '
W. D. FERGUSON. Consul Commander.
JOHN,T. ODONNELL,. Clerk. ~ V.
THE Austrian Military and Benevolent v.->?%»-^
Afrt-ociation will hold their twenty- sSKg
Bixth annual excursion and picnic at SIpKs?
Oak Park. Stockton, SUNDAY, May k^fi{o
1, 1904. The Committee desires to state that
this will be one of the best excursions ever
held by thla association. A tombola of over
' 1C0. prizes will be given at the grounds at 5
p. m.. sharp. Music will be furnished by
the famous Austrian Military Band. ¦ The
association will leave on the 8:30 boat Santa
Fe depot, foot of Market st : tickets also good
on the 7:30 boat Adult round trip tickets,
$1 25; children under 12 yeara, . 65c
¦ST. ANDREW'S Society — Annual v cyT:
picnic to Fairfax Park on SATUR- A, Z»iJ/7
DAY. May 7. Boats will leave ferry %i^.
it 9 and 10 a. m. and at 1:45 p. mi JNfc
Special returning train - leaves : Fairfax at
5:30 p. rn. Tickets for round trip, • Including
admlttslon to the park, adults 50c, children
25c, can be obtained from Messrs. John
i Reid & Son, 7S Geary st, and from John M.
Duncan. 1136 Mission at
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN, President
J. BLACK. Secretary. ¦ ¦ ¦¦
DINNA -forget— The thlrty-elghUi <oC7 vT
annual gathering and games of the 3C fmu/j
Caledonian Club wUl be held at >SkXx*
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, on V**^*-
MONDAY. May 30. Splendid programme of
sports and dances.
BUENA Viata Parlor No. 68, N. D. G.,W.—
Officers, members and deceased members'
relatives; and friends are requested to attend
memorial services SUNDAY, May 1, 2 p. m..
Native Sons. Hall, 414 Mason at, in 'mem-
ory of deceased members. By order of MRS,
EMMA WEBER. Prea.; MRS. H. M.
GREENE, Sec.
OAKLAND ADVEE1ISEMENTS
O4KL4M) RIMI. KBTATB. "
A CHANCE3 for a home— A two-atory houae
of »lx rooms and bath; lot 50x100. on 84th at.
near Grove; the house alone costs the price;
we are offering it for $2500. $250 down and $25
per month; this is a bank loan.
We have a beautiful home oa Walsworth
ave., on the sunny side of the street with
eight large rooms and bath; double parlors,
bay windows and all In flrst-ciasa condition;
it can be bought for $200 cash and the bal-
ance like rent
$100 down and $2O per month will buy you
a swell five-room cottage: porcelain bath, hot
and cold water and all other modern con-
veniences; a large lot and on the sunny side
of the street; price $2200.
$2650— Snap.
A beautiful home on 31st at., near Grove;
house of six large* rooms and bath: lot 82:6x
140: small payments down; balance on easy
terms.
EL J. STEWART & CO., Agents.
Real Estate and Insurance,
1008 Broadway, telephone Clay 70S,
Oakland. Cal.
¦
$2850— SHOULD be sold for $4000; cottages
containing 6 rooms, bath: high basements;
open nickel plumbing; combination gas
fixtures; complete In every * detail, and
ruaxanteed In construction for one year:
lot large and sunny; No. 2139 Chestnut
at, bet, 32d and 34th sts.. near Key Route
Station, San Pablo ave. and 40th at. ; open
for inspection dally. Aak J. C Davidson
about it 124 Kearny et, S. F.^he bought
one and lives next door: muat and will be
sold; to see is to buy.
$3000 — Price much below the present value;
new colonial bouse; 7 rooms and bath: lot
S7xl80: house completed in the latest In
everything; terms only $700 caeh; bal-
ance mortgage; remember. It is brand new,
never been occupied; owner muat tell; near
Key Route station; call and see about it
at once, as It is positively a bargain and
strictly first class. <
The Rustio Bungalow, so odd and complete .
that It Is the talk of the city; NW. cor. I
of 13th ave. and E. 28th St.; 8 rooms and
2 baths: exterior finished In redwood logs
and clinker brick; large lot and beautiful
marine view; apace too expensive to ex-
tol Its many different qualities; aeelng la
believing: open for Inspection daily; terms
only $1000 cash; balance mortgage. .
J* 8. MYERS.
1002 BROADWAT. OAKLAND.
MUST sell — New house, 6 large rooms; 2 blocks
to cars and "Key" route station, bank, stores.
etc.; excellent location. Owner, 859 37th st,
Oakland. __^_
100x100. WITH small 4-room house, on 45th
St.. Oakland. $185O. Apply to C. K. KING.
464 Ninth st. Oakland.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
1160 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. PHONE
LAKE 36.
RENT DEPARTMENT,
A. P. ALEXANDER, MANAGER.
?2T>— m-ntory cottage. 7 rooms and bath;
not far from Linda Vista Terrace.
$15 — Upper flat 6 rooms and bath; Sycamore
at; close to two car lines.
J3T — 12th at.; 2-story house of 8 large
rooms, bath, pantry; high basement; barn.
520— 13th ave.. East Oakland; cottage, 6
rooms and both; good locality.
$60 — Furnished 2-story 8-room and ..bath
house; large lot; on edge of Linda Vista Ter-
race.
$40 — Furnished flat on Franklin st.; 5 mln- i
utes' walk of narrow gauge station at 14~th
at; furnished complete and new. ;
FOR RENT IN OAKLAND.
Only two left of those fine new flats on
north side of 25th st. east of San Pablo ave. ; '
volkinr distance to dewntown; 5 fine rooms,
bathroom, pantry, etc.; large yards with
eacfi flat; every room sunny; upper flat $24;
lower flat ?22.
Oakland Heights ; flne large furnished house
of 9 rooms; large grounds. Ftable. etc; will
be rented to desirable party for $55 month, in-
cluding water.
NW. corner: completely furnished; close to
Myrtle and 16th; 10 rooms, stable, etc.; $05
xncnth. ' -
If you want to rent or buy a home In Oak-
land, call and see me.
JAS. 8. NAISMITH. •»-.-
534 THIRTEENTH ST.
BIG catalogue of houses, both for sale and
rent. IsFued e\-ery Monday morning; get it.
F. H. HORSWILL. successor to Geo. W.
Austin, 1002 Broadway, Oakland, member
of the Oakland -Real Estate Association.
OAKLAKD FIRXITCRE POR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in fuml-
ture. H. ScheIIhaas.llth at..cor.8tore.Oaklan«l.
MILL VALLEY AD V'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEV REAL KSTATJB.
i SELLING FAST.
BELLING FAST. ,\ ; •
i 100 SOLD UP TO DATE.
Large new subdivision at the station of Mill
i Valley; 40 acres in large lots in the very cen-
I ter of the valley, none of which Is less than
j 50x120; prices range from $4(K) to $800; terms
| 10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly; grand
; hrme eites amid pleasant surroundings; beau-
| Uful views of mountains and bay: . the cll-
; n»ate unequaled; sr>lendld opportunity for an
< Investment: land values bound' to Increase, as
Mill Valley Is rapidly coming to the front;
the new electric road has shortened the time
to 40 minutes from the city; Mill Valley has
all the conveniences of a city; flne supply of
pure mountain water," good sewerage and
drainage, electric lirht*. stores, churches and
schools, and, in fact, all conveniences; lots
beautifully wooded; send for our new 'illus-
trated book descriptive of Mill Valley. -Agents
on ground Sunday. LYON &. HOAG,
11C Montgomery et
$20GO — IDEAL home: 5 large rooms and bath,
etc.. furnished; large ground*; beautifully
situated; near station; rents $.".<). P. O. box
130. Mill Valley.
! MILL Valley — Furnished house to let: Hillside
ave.: 0 rrns. & bath. J. Meyers, 201 Sansome.
San Francisco Advertism'ts.
CHPRCH SERVICES.
CENTRAL M. E. Church, Mission st, bet
Sixth and Seventh — At the morning service
to-day Dr. Homer C. Stuntz, presiding elder
of the Manila district. Philippine Islands,
will speak. His addresses at the missionary
convention have captured all hearts. He wilt
also speak to the Sunday school at 12:45.
immediately after the morning service. Rol-
la V. Watt Is the superintendent The Chris-
tian Endeavor meetings are at (5:15 and
some visitor at the convention will make the
address. At the evening service Dr. Speneer.
from Japan, whose work there has been emi-
nently successful, will speak. He will have
a thrlllllng story to tell. Scats free. Every-
body welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, cor. of Hayes and Buchanan ets.
Rev. John Stephens, pastor. Bishop Edward
O. Andrewa of New York will preach at II
I a., m. Rev. W. F. Oldham. D.D., of Chi-
cago win preach at 7:30 p. m. Sunday-
school at 12:30 p. m.. C. B. Perkins super-
intendent Epworth League at 6:30 p. m.
The public cordially invited to all the serv-
ice* of thla church.
CALIFORNIA-st. M. E. Church, cor, Califor-
nia and Broderlck sts. — Rev. Clarence Reed,
pastor. Service at 11 a. m.; sermon by
Bishop J. H. -Vincent The Heidelberg male'
quartet of Salt Lake City will sing "Lead
Kindly Light" <D. Buck); soprano solo,
"There Is a Green Hill" (Gounod). Miss
Elsie Rembaugh; anthejn. "O Taste and
See" (Goss). At 7:45 Rev. G. F. Draper of
Japan will preach. Anthem. "Seek Ye the
Lord"; soprano eolo."Ave Maria" (Mascagni),
Miss- Louise Smith; violoncello solo,
"Walthers Prize Song" (Wagner). Mr. Don-
ald Forbes; organ postlude, march "Le
Prophete" (Meyerbeer). J. H. Hallowcll,
• organist , . " ¦
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, cor of
21st and Capp sts. — Rev. F. M. Larkin, Ph.
D., pastor. Bishop Hartzell of Africa will
preach at 11 a. m. Dr. A. B. Leonard of
New Yprk City, missionary secretary, will
preach at 7:45 p. m. Take Valencia st. or
Mission st. cars to 21et at _^
UNITARIAN Church , (First). SW. corner of
Geary and Franklin ats. — Rev. Bradford
Leavltt minister. Rev. Bradford Leavltt
arid Rev. C. Ruess. superintendents of Sun- !
ciay.gchool. Junior - church ' and Sunday-
school are at 10 o'clock; 'Sunday service la '¦
at 11 o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavltt will
.preach. Subject. "The Stumbling Block."
Music by quartet, under direction of H.
Bretherlck, organist All are cordially in-
vited.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tleth and Capp eta.— The Rev. Jay William
Hudson, minister; residence, 600 Capp at
The Bunday School meets at 0:45 o'clock;
Mr. W. C. Maxwell, superintendent. At the
morning service at II o'clock the Rev. Jay
¦ William Hudson will preach. Subject "The
Higher Language of the Higher Life," Mu-
sic by the orchestra and choir, under the di-
rection of Mr. Jablch Clement- The public
cordially welcome. There Is no evening
service. .
,. MEETIXG-; NOTICES— Confirmed. ¦
MODERN ' Woodmen of America, Goodfellow-
ship Camp 9633 M. W. of A., meets every
MONDAY NIGHT at Frafcrnlty Hall. 009
Market at, San Francisco.
W. H. EDWARDS. V. C
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk. Office room 627,
Emma Spreckela building. _
GRAND picnic of S. S. : F. Parlor No. 167. N.
•S. G. W ~to Sunset Park SUNDAY, May 1.
Trains will stop at 25th and Valencia sts. in
event of street-car strtke-r-not otherwise. .
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from Sidney G. Sturman In Gravel Hill
mine, near Georgetown,' El Dorado County,
Cal., draining Into Jones Creek, I which
reaches Middle Fork. American River, and
! from Syndicate Mining Company In Syndi-
cate mine, near Placerville, El Dorado Coun-
ty. Cal., draining Into Hangtown Creek,
which reaches South Fork, American River,
gives notice that meeting will . be held at
room 9fl Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.,
May 9. 1904. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the El Rico Mining Com-
pany will be held «n MONDAY, the Id day
of May. 1904. at the hour of 2 o'clock In the
afternoon, at the offices of the said company.
229 Crocker building, city and county of S-\n
Francisco. State of California. S. D. WOODS,
Btcretary. Dated April 18. 1904.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year ! for $1»
_postage paid. -
Vj" AGENTS WANTED.
PERMANENT business chance; $50 to $lBOper
week and upward -POSITIVE; men and
women wanted everywhere to - place with
consumers the BEST, most remarkable la-
dies' and gents' dress she known; ten
NEW slght-aelllng health and comfort feat-
ures; previous experience unnecessary; NO
RISK; reply quick. Kushlon Komfort Shoe
Agency. 1233 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. 1
DO you want work I Ladles or gentlemen; no
canvassing or soliciting; no time from regu-
lar occupation; no one need know you are
my representative: no money, outfit or ex-
perience needed; easy, permanent, honorable,
profitable work can be done home; for In-
formation, address J. W. KIDD, 6025 Baltea
Block, Fort Wayne, Ind.
MONEY IN MUSHROOMS!
Grow like magic, great demand, big profit;
easily grown without capital whole year by
anybody (male or female). In cellars, stables,
boxes, etc.; crop picked daily; send for 1'ree
tt-.oklet and learn this profitable business. Dept.
20. Eastern Importing Co., Brighton, Maes.
WANTED— Agents to sell splendid article to
housekeepers; all want It; one agent made
$100 In ten days in October: only reliable, in-
duftrlcuK jgents need apply; new nrtlcln;
Kiiriy seller; big commissions. Address
JUBILEE IRON CO.. Omaha. Nebr.. 1503.
AMATEUR photographers — We ! want 3000
amateurs to sell the new "Improved Photo
Cloth" for making photo sofa pillows; no
chemicals needed; send 35 cents In stamps for
a large sample package. The Photo Cloth
Company. Cambrldgeport. Mass. .
: AGENTS wanted who own a horse and buggy
to sell an article that is used by every man
who owns a horse; can make from $10 to $20
a day. Apply OCCIDENTAL MANUFACT-
URING CO.. 1373 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
ONE man each State, with references and few
hundred dollars, secures 12 years' business,
selling only article of kind In the world
protected by 4 patents. HULL, 154 East
Twenty-third »t. New York.
BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
others; we start you in profitable mall-order
business at«your home; Immenne profits. Full
Information for stamp, FRANKLIN-HOW-
ARD CO.. Denver, Colo. ., /
i '
i AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
RUSTLING men, $50 guarantees you a position
for 10 years, either In California, Oregon or
Washington; can make $200 per month. H.
E. BURNETT. Phillips Hotel. 117 Sixth -st.
AGENTS — Alt to sell the Hercules hammock
stand direct to user; good commission: ref-
erences; write for particulars. W. E. STAN-
HOPE & CO., Centervllle, la.
AGENTS — Make $10,000 a year In mall order
business; particulars free. A: E. SWETT. 310
Royal Insurance building, Chicago.
MINUET skirt and waist holders; largest
profits; sample free. WHEELER & BALD-
WIN. Garden City Block, , Chicago.
RESPECTABLE agent; good commission paid
to the right party. Apply 316 Hearst build-
lnr. between 1 and 6 p. m.
AGENTS— Each county to sell "Family Me-
morials": steady work. CAMPBELL & CO.,
101 A st, Elgin. III. -
FIRST-CLASS lady agent wanted to travel:
big ' proposition. Apply BARLOW, 363
Twelfth Bt. Oakland. *
FRATERNAL insurance; good thing : for live
men; permanent for good producers. Box
1933. Call. .
WANTED — Circular distributers; cash" paid;
send stamp. American Distributer. Denver.
PERFUME canvapwm; something new; call
all week. Agents Outfitting Co., 530 G. G. ave.
LADIES — For Gem massage device and cos-
metics; city and country. 517 Taylor st
SIMPLEX'oll burner; best fire on earth; agents
wanted everywhere. 517 Market st, S. F.
A WFKK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 tjar**. In wrnnner. for •~«lllne.' SI n«*r venr.
AUVrRTTSIMElTT^ WBITIgO.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarships In the best
College of Advertising in the United States.
I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash: the college teaches advertising writ-
Ing by correspondence and assists Its grad-
uates to secure positions; catalogues fur-
nished on application. Address box 302B, Call.
ASTROLOGY.
DR. BENJAMIN — Phrenology- and astrology.
305 Larkin. room '.W). •
AUTOMOBILES.
SECOND-HAND automobiles in flrst-clasa
shape for sale cheap. Inquire at 20 Golden
Gate ave.: phene Howard 871.
AUTOMOBILE operator for eteam machlnej $3
per day. Mobile Carriage Company, Golden
Gate and Gyjgh sts.
FOR sale^ — A White Stanhope in good running
order; will sell reasonable. Box 3245. Call.
attorney8-at-law.
-. Advice free ¦ -
Columbian Law & Coll. Agcy., r. 83, . 91(1
Market; phone John 022C; open evenings;
transacts at most reasonable rates all legit-
imate law business; bonds furnished in crtm-
lnal and civil cases; small collections taken.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
See me and save money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs. : rms. 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5, 1st *1.
1122 Market St.. .between Mason and Taylor.
Advice fre e all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market st, r. 31.
DIVORCE cheap, speedily, quietly: call on us
'ere going elsewhere. .Phone James 6221;
room 41. 91C Market at, opposite Emporium.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity; advice
free; costs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O.box 2199, S. F.
DIVORCE— Cost $12; legal advice free; costs
advanced; open evening. 997 Market, r. 212.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 027 Market st, rm. 301.
L. 8. CLARK. 927 Market st. ; consultation
j free: no fees In advance; open evenings.
. BASKETS.
BASKETS made of every description. Friedl
Baiftftr and Basket Factory. 1272 Folsom st.
BICYCI.EJU-Por Sale or Exchange.
GENT'S bicycle. Morrow brake. *$15; lady's
Sterling, $12 50: perfect condition. 909 Polk st
BOARDING FOR- CHILDREN.
WANTED— 1 or 2 young . children' to board;
good home; best of » reference. MISTRESS
ROBERTSON. 156 Athol ave.. E. Oakland.
A • BABY Jean have perfect care;:$12'50 per
month. • MRS. RHODA - KARSTADT, 163
Twenty-fifth ave. ; phone Geary 3200. /
CHILDREN boarded In a refined Protestant
home ; good ' care ; terms reasonable. " ' 808
Clay st., Oakland. .
A LADY would take care of child ¦ from ' 2 to
6 years old. 020 Montgomery st. .1
WANTED^- An • infant to board. 212 Seventh !
• Btreet: ¦ •.'•.-.¦--¦¦ . ¦ :.- ¦ ¦ , : -.
BUSIICESS CHAJfCBS. *
PATENT ! article; principal feature great ad-
vertising medium; -will. exchange 60,000 with
right to California for unimproved land: this J
is a snap ; owner going ; to Europe. ' P. O.
box 162. Oakland. :
FINE newspaper route for ; Bale. Inquire at
thla office. , ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
\ '. - O4.KLAAD SEAL ESTATK.
* • I'OLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT. Ino.
1080 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
• . ' "UNIMPROVED.
£375— 40x120: elevated lot; street wwfc eom-
plete; close to schools, cars, eto.
L. T.
$600— POxlOO: street work complete; dose to
Santa F« and San Pablo tralne; worth
' f 1000.
' $700— SSxlOO; very sightly location In Linda
Vista Terrace district: street work com-
e . »lrte; 1 block to OcJdand ave. cars; fine
view and surroundings.
10&7__
11000— 63:4x122; on Vernon st: Adams Point
• district; street work complete.
$lS20— 02x100; -on Summit at: alghtly lot; «U-
• gant surroundings: very choice bargain.
IMPROVED.
fcffer wanted for an elegant P-room house,
which' must be »old; must be seen to be
appreciated: en Webster st. and close
to local trains, schools, etc; get partic-
ulars At office.
,. $2700— Jest finished— $2700.
• * Cottage of 6 rooms; porcelain bath, open
plumbing, nickel trimmings; reception
hall; dlnleg room paneled and finished In
. weathered oak, with china closet; artiitlo
tinting effects ; close to Santa Fe depot
and all car lines; cee what a nice place
, this is; terms to ault
$375O-^7ust being built— $3750.
'A Swtse bungalow, containing en first
floor reception halL parlor, dining-room,
library or den. kitchen, pastries, etc; up-
stairs. S bedrooms, bath, with all the
modern fixtures; 2 toilets; gas and elec-
• trie lighting; the tinting and mantels can
be made to suit the taste of purchaser;
thU property la within easy walking dis-
tance of 14th and Broadway.
B. No. 1
'$4280 — Io course of construction, colonial house
of 8 rooms; flr%t floor, parlor, living room,
dining-room, kitchen, pantries, 2 -dos«t»
• and lollet; second floor. 4 bedrooms, ele-
• rant bath and toilet arrangements; open
plumbing; gas and electric lighting; large
- .lot; eunny exposure; la Oakland's finest I
residence section; close to Broadway and
'Telegraph ave.: cee plans at office.
. . B. No. 2 •
. 9V00* — In course of construction: colonial bouse
of * rooms: first floor, dining-room, par-
lor, living room, kitchen, pantries,' 2 clos- I
and toilet; second floor, 4 bed rooms, !
v>gint bath and toilet arrangements; '
- open' plumbing; gas and electric lighting; <
: Urge lut; cunny exposure; in Oakland's
' ' fc'eest residence district; between Tele-
. .'graph ave. and Grove et; see clans at
• • •office.
HOLCtiMB. BREED A BANCROFT. Inc.
lUiiO BROADWAT, OAKLAND.
GEO. W. AUSTIN.
Real £state Agent and Dealer.
, Mra.ber'of. Oakland Real Estate Association,
•• . 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
. $5000 — 10 acres 11-year-old orange grove for
trade for Oakland property.
$£SGO-J.l-r0om bouee; corner; trade for country
property.
$5000 — 8 rooms; modem; new; fine location;
• " owner will trade tor ranch.
• «$2C50 — Here's a snap; elegant new gothic-style
-. house of ti rooms, double parlor*; ex-
pensive' mantel; gas and electricity; the
Is- superb; chade trees along the
. * '-'street; sunny side; owner going to St.!
. Louis; house alcne worth the price asked.
. $2$00 — Vor sale;. first-class new rooming-houi>e; ;
sivjat* j in business center; 16 rooms, all
new furniture; velvet carpets and elegant
" in every detail: positively must be sold at
once: part cash; long lease at $100 per
month.
$1000— Elegant 9- room Eastlake cottage; por- i
celaln bath; parlor finished in paneled
" • curly redwood; lot 35x100; house built by
*; • . owner, .who lives there now; terms can
be rftTMised.
$3000 — New modern colonial-style house. 6
rooms, porcelain bath; gas and electricity; i
i Jafludlng new carpets; close to town; '
'•terms $500 down. $25 per month.
.'$2000— ]0 "rooms, bath; lot 37x125: flne neigh-
borhood; can be made Into flats at very
r. . - «mj!l cost; eloee to cars and Key route.
$275b^-6 rooms, bath; new; finely built; frescoed j
..: celling*; 3 minutes' walk to trains; a
snip; must be eold. •
tC50— Business property; rents for $70 net;
. 150 "feet from Broadway.
' I HERE IS A RARE CHANCE.
A. honje. Just completed, never occupied, con-
taining 5 large rooms; expensive mantel;
-op£n 'plumbing: hlch basement; very
. .sunny; lawn ejid stone walks etc; near
Hen Pablo ave.; $500 cash down will
buy It.
.' * GEO. W. AUSTIN.
Real Estate Agent and Dealer.
Member of Oakland Real Estate Association.
1009 Broadway. Oakland.
• L-j" CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTIES.
*$2S,0C0— One-half block from Broadway; 75 feet
.•front: good 2-etory brick building, con-
• tatning stores and hall and lodgings
r % . above; rents |230 per month, and can be
rr.h.'.e to any more.
$65,000 — One-half block from Broadway; {^> feet
front: good 2-story brick building; all
leaseo: -pays 5 per cent net: flret-class
• location; will increase In value
$50,000— Near City Hall: good 3-Btory brick
•" '•--.. building, containing stores and halls;
one reliable tenant; leased for 10 years
• . "t 5*4 per ce-nt net; bound to Increase
In vajue. '
KW.OOG-y-One of the t*?£t built buildings In Oak-
m land: fmnte 7j feet on Washington st;
pay'rig 6 r*T cent net.
$173,000— Elegant comer on Broadway; 100 feet
front: pood building; paying over 5 per
ccr.t net.
TftSSE ARE ONLY A FEW OF OUR
OHOICE INCOMR-PAYIN'G PROPER-
TIES. WE ALFO HAVE A LARGE
LIST OF EXTRA GOOD MANUFAC-
TURING SITES AND RESIDENCE -
LOCATIONS.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
iv- 1052 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
-
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
t-VZ and *Xi 5O monthly — Handsome new
.-room houM-, now boing completed, on lot
83:4x100, on Fycamor* Ft., near Telegraph
ave., in tjie br.utlful Merrell property; to be
finished lh curly redwood, whltewood and
bird*«-ye maple, with tiled bathroom. Pur-
chaser c«n now select mantel, gas and elec-
trical fixtures end tinting.
$•'{« per foot — Lot OOxlCO. on Jones st.. bet
Teltgraph ave. and. Grove et Grab it aulck'
Fine fn- flats.
$1050— \>ry choice lot 40x115; College
Hrtghts; 5kth and Dwlnelle et*. '
$3100—11 per cent Income Investment and
good -^peculation: flne flats. _with 50-foot lot
rplendidly located, near San Pablo ave., in
rapidly advancing district: rents $27. and can
b« iscreased; might consider good Iot in part
payirwM.
$250C — One of the bert chances you've ever
had: a nice C-room cottage, with lot 30x100
on Jones et.. near Telegraph ave. Very cen-
tral. UELDEN. REAL ESTATE. 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. .
SEE THIS.
$40t©— Two-rtory house at Idora Park, cor-
•ntt on- Telegraph ave.; 9 rooms; lot 100x135-
back-end oa City Park; good boarding house
for Idora Park employes; with new front will
make a good clubhouse; business will pay for
.hou*e and lot this season: lot worth the price
without the house: terms easy; installments If
• ?,7i£l : . REALTY SYNDICATE CERTIFI-
CATES tjil£cn-in riayment.
nfffts? • 1IERE rs ANOTHER.
Tw.. oholce lots near Golden Gate Station
and. between that and Emeryville: i o t 10C 17
' f ro^rXn/fio*"* 1 12 ° OB 57th ° F MenI ° Bt: £'"
IKA.C. JENKS, 1200 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
l6tS"*50 each: $3 cash; $5 monthly; It la ael-
!?£V.£ U .^ £££ l> TOWirt r tor the money;
lOftxluO for r200; our new tract Jessie
Jones, acd It'«.a beauty; come and see it
Lots- i -$73: Si cash, ts monthly; as level as
a pancake and the good Is there; size 23x
lfiO. or any other sire you may wish for up
to 20 acres.; Je?ste Jones tract, fronting on
Hlch-Ft. boulevard. 00 feet wide; adjoining
Kart Oakland; soil tue best: view is grand-
no t*sr nor raw winds; near cars and school-
a dellrfitful home elte; call or eend for cir-
cular; 455 Seventh rt. opp. Broadway sta-
tion. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES
owner.
W00«— NEW modern flats: rented $40 month-
bargain. By TUE ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broad-
tray.
$T>250 — fine residence and grounds; 8 rooms;
runny side of Alice et: foreclosure. THE AL-
D&N CO.. HIS Broadway.
$2250 — New cottage. 5 tood rooms, bath, etc.. '
with one acre flne land, at Frultvale. By THE
ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$6760— A" FINE house In Lakeside district;
thoroughly modern and up to date in
every particular; » rooms and bath; 5
nlockc from the busbies center: 4 blocks
from the new pootoffice: price reduced
. from C80C0 to $«750; must be sold.
#4300— Ls*ge. new, modern ft-room house on
Tflegrapb ave.;, lot la 45x100; thl« prlc*
has been reduced from $6000; la certainly
a creat bargain. ¦ . •
C K. MARSHALL. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
a riMPRO\ A. CO Phone South 1050.
All Kind* of Business Chances.
Aisus sMarggssg
every modern equipment; f 1^^*^ £ *»£
per month: to be sold at • bargain on ac-
count of departure.
108 rooms: cheap rent; new and •»•»"*£
furnished; up-to-date ' oom » nc - h ? U^eslred ? «?•
bar; can be- run in conjunction If f" 1 "^^;
; chance for right parties; part "r^i^fT^:
can be paid out of the house; other builnea* in-
terests demand immediate departure.
00 room.; beautiful new building and furni-
ture: swell downtown location; twjtW»»«J
to-date and first class; fine opportunltyto •«-
cure high-grade proposition; must go East
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room: «*. * nd
up-to-date house: all men; electric e£v ator.
lights: long lease: clears $400 to $3W per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
19 rooms; rent oo»y $100; well f^» he<1; Bt *
tle apartment-house; reduced to $11W.
150 rooms; beautiful corner: 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view • newand mou
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
in city; call for terms and particulars.
0 rooms; sunny flat; rent $»: <*£ S*.^'
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to •«*>.
ISO rooms; grand, new. modern apartmwt-
house; elegantly furnished and
rent; fine lease? paying $500 to $600 P"™?*'
close in; full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms: rent only $60: oak X)d
carpets; part cash, balance time; price *3ou.
162 rooms; moat elegantly •PP° 1 n£ d . *£*£
raent-house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fin* entrance, cheap rent cieax
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cajo.
balance 8 per cent per year.
30 rooms: rent only $150: ©ale and <*•"?
fur.; fine carpets: close in; flne money-maker.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing flne business; will trade for largt*
apartment-house and pay cash differenc*.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture: goo«I
carpets: sickness; price $350.
138 rooms: downtown commercial hotel: S
years' lease; cheap rent; elegantly furnished.
one of the best opportunities to secure- flrst-
clasa hotel: owner has other busineaa; part
cash, balance time.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close In: thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100r'part cash.
11 rooms: rent $40; close in: oak. cherry fur-
niture. Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all ex-
penses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $.00.
40 rooms: elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture: 60 boarders;
clearing $250 per month: close in; ftn« buy;
price $6000. '
15 rooms: rent $85; north Market; eloee In:
good money-maker; reduced from $1600 to
$1100. , ;':-;;
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; flrst-clas".
uj>- to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month: must sell oa
, account of other business; only with us.
! 20 rooms; rent only $100; all new furniture:
' doctor pays $93; clearing over all expenses
$100; best street Oakland; will trade, for San
Frac Cisco house.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
| rood lease.
75 rooms: grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent: 10 years" lease: close in:
clears $4C0 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
33 rooms; cheap rent; good lease: beautifully
furnished: new modern building: very central;
all full; little gem of a house; leaving city.
126 rooms; flne downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture: 2 entrances;
! takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
rerular roomers; will bear Investigation.
21 rooms; corner: rent only $S5: oak fur.:
good carpets, housekeeping; all full; clearln?
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
?1600. „
50 rooms: new. modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease: cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first -class proposition.
17 rooms: Ellis st: rent $70; oak furnltute.
Axmlnster carpets; flne condition; clears $50;
fine little buy.
8 rooms: flne unper flat: rent only $30: can
bo had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
For rent — l-room suite, furnished. In flne
apartment-house. 4 to 6 months: rental $45 p*r
month; references; no small children.
For rent — 8-room modern furnished flat, for
summer; elegantly fur.: references required:
rent $60 per month. Cameron 8c Co.. 3 Eddy.
1 — An honest, reliable hotel
2— For sale by my agent. MARION GRIFFIN,
3 — Room 400 Examiner building:
4 — Has 80 large, airy rooms: always full:
5 — Estab. 9 years; never has changed hands:
6 — Guaranteed to be clearing $200 per month:
7 — Cause of sale la dissolution of partnership;
8 — Price, only $650O (about \% of real value).
!)— ALSO
10— Livery stable for $.°»250 — almost a gift;
11 — Place wen established — pays well;
' 12 — Beautiful young horses — 20 head;
, 13 — Double and single harness for all:
1 14 — Two flne carriages — flne buggies, etc;
13 — Low rent; big opening for right man.
SWELLEST small family hotel in San Fran-
cisco: reasonable rent; long lease; splendid
location; gas electricity, private baths;
magnificently furnished and fully equipped;
small house, but clears over $5000 a year:
here's a business proposition. MARION
GRIFFIN, 406 Examiner building.
A — ¦ SPECIAL BARGAINS AT —A
KREDO & CO"S.. 765 MARKET ST.
CLKAR TITLES GUARANTEED.
$425 — & rms.. newly furnished, giveaway.
$275 — 11 rms.. 3rd st, clean $40 month.
$400— 7-rm. flat, elegantly furnished.
ON TIME PAYMENTS.
18 rs.i sunny corner, very central $1300
22 rs.: housekeeping, clears $70 $1500
20 rs.; flne transient, near Market sanoo
64 rs. : Oakland, geunlne bargain for. .S2G00
- MANY OTHERS AT KREDO & CD'S.
100 ROOMS: sunny corner; rent $125. ... $4500
10"> rooma^clears $350; low rent $6500
8O rooms; furniture nearly new $380<>
40 rooms; fine location, north of Market. S100O
4rt rooms; in Oakland; new; rent $6O. . ,.J23O«>
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent.... $60O
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL A
CARROLL, 212 Kearny st
SO ROOMS; elegant new apartment-house. 3
and 4 room suites; 60 rooms, furnished; rea-
sonabl%rent: charming location; sunny. Box
3548. Call office.
14-ROOM house; rent $43; near Larkin and
Hyde sts.: full of roomers; owner will sell
for $650; this weelc Box 3522. Call office.
AT sacrifice — Modern, paying lodging-house by
executor; roust sell to close estate. Ex-
ecutor, box 3702, Call office.
LODGING house. 27 rooms, for sale: down-
town location. Box 3249. Call office.
FOR sale — Lodging house. 23 rooms, on Sutter
at Box 1913, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. a^OO Flllmore.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. NoTT
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th*
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California st
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont,
gomery : st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec Co.. 508 Market.
SPIRITUALISM-
RETURNED.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
Clairvoyant, trance business medium and Ufa
reader; also communications from your de-
parted friends. Hotel Netherland. IS Turk
st. near Market room 17. elevator.
THE miraculous cure of Isabelle Farrell of
Berkeley by the advice of Ismar, the wonder
on pare 33.. •
, MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
,t*t business med'm. read dally $l;deVp'r cla»i
Thurs. 8 p-m.; tel. Jessie 3436:107 Taylor.r.27
DR. COLLINS." the noted clairvoyant and
• trance-writing medium of Chicago; readings
dally; circle to-night 1040 Market at
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing; Sun
SakTandt «)c E1 "' : ** BrUsi ' •*••
C.V. MILLER'S etheriaUzlng and materially*
seance to-night. 8 o'clock. $1. 10S4 B^sh ,t
B y£ K V d w Wl ?*' r * 1 * t ''- »° n * *Bd dance. clo«-
Jlga. waits taught Irvine's. 421 Post it
E^; R phon E e A S R u^r3^! *- «^=THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: SUNDAY, MAY 1; f:1904.
49
EMPLOY JJKST WANTED—MAIB.
MECHANICAL ' draughtsman, 18 years' ex-
t perlence,': wants " poeltion - or work at home;
good designer and detaller. - Box 1803. Call.
WATCHMAKER, first-class, with full set of :
toolti, wants situation; no objection to coun- j
try. Apply by letter, V. D., box 1791. Call. I
SOBER and reliable young man wants to learn
I a good ttads or business; willing to get In j
j and jearn. Box 1703, CaH.
I " ' — * ,
• STEADY man, understands care of garden,
I horses and milking; 2 years . last place,
j Phone L. A.. Main 1304.
' SITUATION wanted as valet or Indoor serv- j
¦ ant; English: mlrldle-agcd; references. W.,
box 1783. Call office. , _ •
| RELIABLE man with double team wishes j
hauling for wholesale house;, reference given, j
Box 1778, Call. • » . - '
MAN and wife (colored) desire positions In I
private family or on ranch; good references, j
J. H. TERREL_,.015 Powell Bt. j
. GERMAN man and wife want work on' ranch i
¦ or private place; both competent workers;
| references. ; 797B Folsom at. ....
ENGINEER and fireman -wants situation; city >
or country: 20 years' experience. W. H. 1
BARKER, SlOjSanaome st. r I
HOTEL, store or Institute carpenter; handy :
mechanic; good references; $2 50 per day.
Box 1003. CaH.
' STEADY, reliable young man. 22. desires po-
sition aa driver of delivery wagon, or as-,
{ slstlng in wholesale house; references. Bo_ i
j . 1018, Call office. . .. j
BARTENDER— Young man, 25, wishes poal- >
tion as bartender; sober and reliable; refer- j
ences. Box 1042. fall office.
,HANDY young man; ¦ understands steam en-
< glneerlng and electrical work: wants posl-
j - tlan. Address D. M; L., 528 Hyde at. J
' COOK, all round, meat and pastry, wants
situation: sober and reliable. /W. A. JONE8,
j Allendale Postof flee. . /
DRIVER wishes situation of any kind: steady
and reliable: references. Box 1267, Call
Branch. 2200 Fltlmore->st.
A YOUNG man willing and able wishes situa-
tion of- any kind. _ C. H. SPRAGUE. 217
Minna st. ...
t BOY to drive butcher's cart. Box 35. Call
j office. - ;
QUICK German hoy. 18 years old, would like i
a position. CaH 271A Clementina st. !
' POSITION as night watchman by elderly re-
I liable man. Box 36429, Call.
j A MACHINIST, age 22 years, wishes place In
city or country. Box 3740, Call offlte.
WANTED— Position In office by well educate! |
! young German. Box 3713. Call.
. WANTED — Position as porter. Apply JU* i
Kearny st. j
j WANTED — Situation as traveling salesman.
! Box 3635, Call.
i —-—-—--—-——----—-—_-——________________
, PAPERHANOBR wants work. BRENNER,
i 148 Fifth st. |
I WANTED — Work as Janitor] e! GL EG- '
I PERT, 437 Mi83lon st. ¦
. COOK open for engagement. 1516 Howard '
i street. |
DRIVER -of bakery wagon. Box 36, Call
j office. ' '
! EXERCISE boy at track wishes position.
| Box 33. Call.
YOUNG man wishes situation to drive wagon.'
Address 013 Howard st. . •'. r "
A YOUNG man wants position In cigar stand.
Address box 304S. Cat! office.
BOY wants work after school. Box 114 IOCS
Market st. , :
YOUNG man wishes position as porter; can
give references. Box 1755. Call office,
POSITION driving laundry wagon. Box 1757,
j Call office.
j POSITION as swamper In caloon or restaurant,
j AdJress PEATKR ELLIS, 547 Howard St.
• GOOD all around man wants a position care of
I horse*. Box 1771, Call office.. .
| RELIABLE handy man wants work In the
I forenoon. Box 1S03. Call office.
i PORTER would like position, either hotel or
! wholesale house. Bex 1032, Call office.
1 COACHMAN wants situation; can milk and
i take care of garden. Box I sii_. Call office.
' FARMER would like to get work In city or
| country. Box 17(52. Call office. .
: TOOL. and die. maker* wants .steady position.
| Address C. O., box 3C90,*Call office.
WANTED — Typewriting and copying at home.
j evenings; own machine. Box 36S9, Call. ¦ ¦
I WANTEI>^¥ltaatlon~as Apply~M*6> > _
1 Clement St.. - ' . .
EXERCISE boy at track wants place to do
" work. Box 44, Call office.
BOY to drive delivery wagon wishes posltlcn.
'Box 43, Call office. . .
! STEREOTYPING apprentice wishes work; day
preferred. Hex 42, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes Job on milk wagon. Box
' . i41, Call office. .. ¦
i PRESS feeder wants position In printing of-
I flee. Apply to 11. 'I* Mission st.
. AN experienced law clerk would like a posi-
tion; references. Box 1S34. Call office.
¦ ! POSITION as meat cutter, hotel or restaurant.
' . 704 Howard St., room 13.
• i ERRAND boy wants position. Box 1 17S3, Call
I _offl«. ¦ '
. WANTED — Position as errand boy after school,
j Box 1823. Cull, Office.
I WANTED — Position as messenger boy. Box
| ! 1&23. Call office.
1 WANTED — Situation as window cleaner. Box
i 1822. Call. .
i WANTED — Position by young graduate Heald's
Business College. Address 1008 Central ave.
! GARDENER, all branches, wants situation.
I GARDENER. 1340 Lombard St., S. F.
' DRUG relief clerk desires position; registered;
• ' temperate; references. Address box 1S02. Call.
! SCHOOLBOY wants a Saturday Job. Box 1S01,
; J Call office. ,
! BOY wants a position to run errands. . Box
j 1SW. Call office. •
! AN .experienced stock bey wants a position.
' ! hox 1785 ' Cal1 ' _._
PAINTER- to do painting In exchange for
building lot. Itox 1M2. CaH.
1 BARBER— Sob«r. relUbie7~wlsh«s position at
. summer resvrt. Address box 1797, Call.
' YOUNG man of ability desires clerical work
i afternoons.. Box 3U70. Call.
1 WANTED — Position by young man. willing to
make hlmielf uteful. Box 1789. Call office.
NIGHT watchman wants position. Address 331
. - Sanchez st.
. BOY wants work on Saturday. Box IS 17, Call
. , office. I v
¦j WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Box 17(13,
; ' Call office. / . ... h : ¦
• : YOUNO man wishes position as stenographer:
j J 2 years' experience. Box 1760, Call. .
• ' BOOKKEEPER, city references, wanta work.
J j Box 1837, CalL
' BOY wants, a Job on a ranch. Box 183S. Call
" I office. .
• ! EXPERIENCED plumber wants work- in city
w or country. Box 1923, Call. /
' BITUAT1ON wanted . by a responsible good
) j French driver. Box~n773, Call.
; . FIRST-CLASS American barbtr wants extra
Job; state salary. . Box 1806. Call office.
\ POSITION wanted as porter. E. O. D.. box
: 1809. CaH office. ,. .„
BOY want* work afternoons. Box 1001, Call.
i _
• POSITION In wholesale house, city or country.
I Box 19V0. CaH office. :
• A TIMEKEEPER and billc!erk-de«Ir«s post-
• tion. Box lsK!5. Call olflce.
! WORK wanted of any kind. E. O. D~ box
.: 16-8,. Coll office. ,
J SITUATION as. a blacksmith's helper. Apply
j 142. Minna st. ;•'¦ ' , <
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes a situation as
• , porter In store. Inquire at 1504 Stockton st.
j -..II — i
• CARPENTER, non-union, wants work. Box
i 1830,. Call office. '
•¦ POSITION -wanted by experienced wholesale
house porter. Box 1927. Call. V^SBSWg___g_
! — — ¦' ' .... .
HOUSE-CLEANING by the day; work guaraj-
• w - M - MACK, 412 Jones st. ; V
" PAINTER,' has all tools, work reasonable. "Ad-
• dress Painter. 1210. Mission st. . . .v .' ,
[ Ml DDLE- AGED active experienced man wanta
¦ positioner agency. Box. 1011, Call.
i EXPERIENCED jAPanes cook wants situation
- : In good family; best of, referencea. Address
'¦' H.K.. 10W Hyde »t. t . , ; - >
: RELIABLE -Japanese desires j position I private
i ;• family:; best of referencea.' GEORGE/ 44il
• ¦ Nfitoma st.: '.'. i- '¦ '. -' '". ";¦' ¦¦ .::'.•'" '¦{.:¦',
j FLATK TO f.KT—TiwilnqrJ. f f
i ASH BURY. 501— -New ; corner middle fiat; 7 :
rooms and bath: rent $40.
BAKER, 7«3 — Extra f)n« middle flat; « rooms,
bath: open, plumbing: very sunny. ¦ -¦ ¦ ]
CAPP. 1090. nr Twenty-sixth— New, .irfodern
| flats, C r. and b. ; decorated; rent $22 CO, $25 .
DEVISADERO. 1244-1246— Ju*t comoleted. 2
• up-to-date sunny flats; 0 and ? room*.
COLE and Carl, corner, south side Panhandle i
—2 new, sunny, modern 6-room upper flat*.
• ELBGANT new corner; upper flat; 0 rooro« -
{ and bath. 2294 Filbert st.; grand view; reaa
ELEGANT upp?r. 9 rooms; billiard hall; sun
; every room. 830 Pierce st.. near McAllister. .
i ___—_——————————— — — — — — —-—-—-——_——————————
FOURTEENTH, 475— -Upper fiat. « rooms and
| bath: sunny.
' FURNISHED fiat to rent: 5 rooms, with bath
I and gas; rent $27. 1424 Howard st. :
I HARRISON, 2511,- near 21st— Flat of 4 rooms I
I and bath; modern and sunny; adults.
MASONIC ave.. 1317-1823— Elegant, sunny, up-
to-date flats near, park.- __^ .
' MISSION 1511% — 5 sunny rooms; bath, laun-
j dry and yard; rent $15. - - . • v
!NEW'7-room lower flat: bath; latest Improve-
I ments. 2732 Mlsulon St.. bet. 23d and 24th.
I NOE. 4.' — » healthy rooms In basement, with
. gas «nd electricity; rent $12. . ¦ .
OAK. 332. near Lnruna— Lower flat; B rooms,
bath and basement. • - - • .
______ ' I
OAK. 1837— Desirable lower flat 'of T rooms
and bath: neat: raaaonable . to good party,
i ¦ ¦¦
' PIERCE. 2933 — 6-room. up-to-date lower flat;
| gas and electricity. ¦ .
: SANCHEZ, 342. near l«th — Mod'rn flat of 4
j rooms and bath: rent $20; adults. : ,
'¦ SEVENTEENTH. 4182, nr. Castro — Modern
I sunny upper flat, 7 rms.. bath, basement; 323.
SUNNY upper flat of 7 rooms and bath. 1442 j
Devlsadero St.. near Geary. |
UPPER flat of 4 rooms and bath to let. 338%
Tehama st. • - ' • •
j VALLEJO, 124S— Desirable lower flat of « .
j rooms and bath; rent $27 R0.
! r , , . 1
'VHJTI TO hWT- -*¦'"» * » * H K*>
PAGE, 1701 — Sunny mlddl* flat of 7 rooms and
I bath: present tenant will sell all carpets and
' complete kitchen furnishinxs at a ar eat sac-
t - riflce; carpets nearly new; fine neighborhood.
I R. P. CRANSTON - SONS. 114 Montgomery.
$25 — FLRNISHED four-room sunny cottage
j with' piano: In the Mission. McEWEN
1 BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
j A MODERN flat: 5 rooms: furnished. 1071 Fell
| St., near panhandle; rent reasonable; adults.
. BUSH. 1523 — A furnished flat. 3 el«gant rooms;
{ flrst floor; batb; separate yard.
' FLAT — 3 rooms; furnished for housekeeping.
107 Grove «t.
I PART of house furnished complete-, piano. 647 j
; Folsom st^ _¦ , I
J MALL1STER. S*. nr. City Hall — 7 rooms, yard;
i can be arranged to flats. 3 and 4 rooms each.
I POLK, 1402— Nice sunny flat; bath, gas; ault-
i able 4 persons; reasonable: no children.
I FLATS FUH SALE — KUHMSH— O.
• NICE carpets and furnishings of new sunny
I ¦ 6-room flat for sale; rent reasonable; a
! great bar*-fn, as family Is going away. Call
. from 10 to 4. 64 Walter st, between Four-
teenth and DubocePark. f
EDDY, 887 — Desirable flat for rent; open three !
days: kitchen floor linoleum, gas range; tn-
i atantaneous heater for sale. • |
$2C0 WILL buy almost new furniture of a five-
room modern sunny flat. 3270 Twentieth St..
rear Folsorn. ¦ ____________
LOVELY new 6-rm. flat; sun every rra.; tur-
I nlture almost new: cheap rent: eric* $250i
: Call 10:30 to 3:30 only. 242 Noe. nr. Market.
HYDE, 407 — .Vroom flat, bath, for sale. .
i «_—___——__——¦———--—»—-»----—————————————»
! FLATS WAMTED.
WANTED— Low»r flat, 4 rooms, bath, gas; no
, children: rent $10. Address 721 14th st.
l.,V. KURAITI KK WAJVTBa
I . ¦ ¦
! ABE LEVY.
j Salesroom. 1135 Market st. TeL Jessie 761.
| Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
t nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate. '
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
! nlture. carp«tc. etc: 783 MUsion;teL Bush 4«7.
A. L. STOKRS pays highest cash prices furr.l-
: 'ture, carpet*.' etc. : teL LSrkln 363L C34 EUts.
1 A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44o_. !
. buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpet*. !
B. T. SCHELL. 2112 Mission, tel. Church 5370. j
pays best price* for furniture, carpets, etc. j
U r ¦. ' -- j
' PIIHMTI HK Klllt «AI.K. j
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and '
household goods: flats bought. Mission Auc. !
House. 420*439 Valencia: teL Church 3S7S). •
! NEW furniture of 8-room house; house ..o rent; ]
modern. 215.1 Grove St.. Oakland. j
, II KLI' \V A.NTH I *-T! K - I 'f •*. A .V. !"*.
COOK, hotel $5O
Cook, restaurant, Oakland 35
1 Cook, no washing 35
i 4 code*. German style $30. 35
: 4 second clrls 2O, 23 i
1 3 nuisj rlrls 20, 25 J
1 ! Nurse t-vwo grown children, country 3O
'• Nur«* two children, San Rafael ...;... 25
! 2 chambermaids and waitresses, country
hotel 25
' j Pantry work, rescrt 2j
; Cook on ranch • 5O
; Housekeeper 20
', ' Maid and seamstr:ss. sleep home SO
¦ 2 wattresa«*. city hotel 23
! Chambermaids 17
. Girl for mangle; plain work 20
!' A la'je number of *lr!s for housework In
• I city and country at $25. $30 and f$3.
1 J. F. CRO8SETT & CO..
! 334 Satter st.
J i ii' -
1 A WAITRESS, no ch*mberwork or tough work;
for American family in San Mateo; *:t<>. MISS
• j " PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st., near Powell. i
I ...-. ¦ . — . ¦ i
< •¦ A— LAUNDRESS on plain work In an Insiltu-
' tion. $20. room and board: a German cham-
bermaid and seamstress, $2S. place In city;
• a German cook, for German family, city. $40;
' I a nurse for an infant, place In Oakland, $30;
• i a nurse with city references for care of two-
year-old child, $23; a second girl for light
place, in city. $20; eight good second girls 1
'¦ for places for next week; $26 to $30; twenty
• ' housework girls for city and country, wages
• to $33. MIS3 PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter
• st., near Powell. y
! '< A NURSE to go to Philippine Islands; $20; se e
I lady hem Monday mornlnc. MISS PLUN-
i KETT. 4C3 Suttrr St.. near Powell.
.t__
. j a— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresalng.
i J manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
-i tn 2 wetks: $3 to those entering now; S po- .
[ j sitlona to fill immediately; positions guaran-
t teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
i West. 233 Geary St.. room 13. . -
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
sen; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month fof $15; positions as trimmers,
«ales2«dles. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
dsy anJ evening claa*. 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
: a— LADIES to learn all branches balrdresstng
} < *radr. manicuring, massage, ete. 1236 Mar-
ket tt.. cor. Jonts, room 84; positions secured
st highest wages; day and. eve. class; call.
' I LADIES— $13 per "week sewing at home; ma-
¦ * terlals free; no canvassing: beautiful sam-
ple sent free . on ¦ receipt of addressed en-
i velope. Majestic Lace Co., New York.
' WANTED — An energetic, well-appearing lady
of more than ordinary ability to travel for
J , Eastern firm handling well advertised line;
I * must spend a week learning samples before
! starting: $30 to $SO per week. Box 1843, Call.
? HIGH or grammar school graduate, quick to
¦ . detect errors) in spelling, punctuation.' etc.,
*¦ ran learn proof-reading; wagea at beginning
1 • $1 a ilay; proofreader of. experience also
*. | wanted. Address box 1305. Call.
II LADIES — Several vacancies open to complete
. ; list; easy sewing for us home; $15 weekly;
¦ i addressed envelope for lace sample. - Ma-
; I Jestic Lace Co..- Xrrr York. -----.•.
- TWO good lady solicitors: 'experienced In sell-
1 Ing face crenms and other toilet preparations;
3 salary $10 weekly and. liberal percentage.
I Addrees, giving particulars, box 1709. Call.
- I LADIES earn $15 weekly sewlns home; ma-
- I - t»rlal» free; send stamp for particulars: ex-
. I .perlence nrn*ce«!ary. " ROSEDEN Mfg. Co..
" ' 20 East Twentieth st.,,.New York.. - •.
1 "
LADIES — To do vWxe. work home: we furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
I stamped envelooe -to - ROYAL CO.. 34. E.
1 Monroe St.. Chicago, III.
! EXPERIENCED —.lesmen and saleswomen for
• ; , lace department: good salary: permanent po-
I ; sltlons. , ABRAHAMSON BROS.. OaklanJ:
'.\\ apply *c4'onc*.'Q____s__a_____SB
J ,-. WANTED— Single, business woman*' over 25 as
;. collector: salary $o per week and commls-
i slon. Apply 533 Parrott building.
I .' WANTED— Lady atrejits of mature years. Ad-
• 1. drrss EUCLID MEDICAL. CO., lit Euclid
1 ave..' Cleveland. - Ohio. •,. illillisfll H OIHIIIIflll
EpPCATlOWAU
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
llfchted and most delightful place of business
study Is the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue - on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, SO1-
O2S Golden Gate ave.
AYREfi. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
j ket •%.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free. "
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 2* POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches: day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
*horthand. Ellle bookkeeping. S. K. Business
JCollege. 1C36 Market «t.
LEARN SPANISH In two months; classes In
French and Spanish. $5 a month.
B. F. AMES. Teacher of Languages.
-"¦1 '263 Golden Gate ave- cor. Hyde at.
PRIVATE tuition offered in common school
branches to backward and delicate children
by young lady; has had experience In public
achools: charges moderate. Box 3C«2. CaH.
HEALD'S School of Mines&Eleetricity. 24 Post
st.. S. F.;a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. m!n., mech., sur-
vey, assay cyanide; day. ev. ; ent. 1K6I. Van
d*r Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
! GENTLEMAN, well educated, wishes to teach
1 French and Greek In respectable family at
{ moderate salary and board. Box 17C4, Call.
I 'ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
WESTERN* Business College ;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, writing, etc.; day, eve.; $4 mo. eve.
DANCING — Professor Flndlay has reopened his
Juvenile classes at Flndlay's Hall. 17th St.;
Saturdar 2 to 5; private lessons dally.
SPANISH — My 4th successful year of teaching.
Prof. Domingo C. Maya of Madrid. 427 Sutler.
KENT Law School, day and night; send, for
particulars. S36 Parrott building.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive method.
RAFAEL SERRANO. 630 California, r. 4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.:
mandolin club, $1 per mo. S2S Haight st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTONS. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c balf hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. . 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
PRIVATE lessons in telegraphy at 246 Scott
St.. near Haitrht.
A WEEK'S news for & cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
Japanere-Chinese employment office; fur-
niches b*-*t help; contracts for farm help; etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office^ — Japanese-
Cntnese help. 416 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Offlt* — Best help at
Loon Seung's, 411 »4 C Farrell; tel. East 42<J.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chinese
h^lp. 418 Stockton Bt. Tel. Grant 168.
> RELIABLK Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
; flee; all kinds help. 315 Etcckt^l; Main 51So.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1887. BRADLEY & CO.. €40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT _ WAXTBD— FEMALE .
SWEDISH ccok with good references from
present place wants a situation In town or !
country; not und«r $35 a month. Write, i
J call cr telephone to MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter. 6t.. near Powell.
A — REFINED young woman' desires position
as housekeeper In first-class hotel or room-
• leg house; experienced; or will take charge
of widower's home; city or country. Box
< .17Gti. Call office. ' ¦
! A REFINED, educated woman would like em-
: ployment 4 cr 5 hours daily; capable for of-
fice work; secretary, companion or nurse;
! care of children; competent housekeeper.
j Address box 11 4S. Call office. Oakland.
DRESSMAKING In families by an experienced
dressmaker rn all kinds of sewing; no objec-
tion to going a short distance in the country;
terms moderate. Uox 1826, CaH.
A YOUNG lady of education and refinement
wishes oosltlcn as companion to travel with
invalid or elderly couple or single lad}*, or
would remain in city. Box 1910, Call office.
DRESSMAKER, coet and suit maker, cutter
and fitter; only first claas work done; at home
or in families; few more engagements. MISS
BARSS. Sherman House, 2s Eighth st, -
. SITUATION wanted by middle- aged woman as
traveling companion or nurse to one gotr.g
East via St. Louie;' refermcea exchanged.
Addrets box 1633. Call office. ,
STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper, capable
And experienced, desires either substituting
. or permanent position; first-class references.
Box 31 IS. Call offic^
J i "MIDDLE- AGED woman would like a sltua-
' > tion doing general homework; good cook;
not afraid of work; country preferred. 14 i
Third St.. room 22.
WANTED — By a young German woman, poei-
! tion for general work and cooking, or second
girl; best references; wages $25 ?:;o. Bex
1848 CaH office.
i LAUNDRESS, young, strong and best of ref-
! erences, wants situation. Call or telephone
• I MISS PLUNKETT. Main 5472. 425 Kutter
et.. near PoweU.
• WANTED — By a middle-aged New England
! i woman poeltion as cook and do some house-
; work. Call or address Cook, 3S1 O' Farrell
I s>t., near Taylor.
{ A COMPETENT, refined lady wishes a posl-
'• i tion as chambermaid or working housekeeper
in country hotel or rummer resort. Box 1142,
Call office, Oakland.
> YOUNG lady of refinement wants place In
family as governess; home comforts more
essential than salary. Addrees box 3650,
j Call office. |
. j A WOMAN wants work by the day, washing,
' Ironing and house cleaning; $1 a day. Box
3647, Call office.
' MIDDLE-AGED German lady would like a po-
; eltion as working housekeeper. Call at 233
Third tt.
¦ POSITION wanted a a visiting governess to
: yt»ung children; subjects. English, calisthen-
i les and *lementary music Add. Sti8 Hayes.
, HAIRDRESSER wishes few more private cus-
tcmers — shampooing, dyeing, bleaching, etc.;
references gi\-en. Box 17W, CaH.
: ! RESPECTABLE woman wants housework; is
* kind to children; wage« $25 to $80. Box
| 1B1C. Call. :
WOMAN wants eituation to do housework and
training from & to 3 o'clock. 1 Winter lane,
Masun r.t.. near Unicn.
' j RELIABLE German girl wants position to
take care of children or chamber work and
sewing. Address box 1S27. Call office.
- MIDDLE aged lady desire* position as house-
keeper on ranch or country hotel. Box lS4(i.
Call office.
. A GERMAN lady, first rate cook, would like
to work by the day; belt or references. Box
1587. CsU office.
WORKING housekeeper wishee position In ho-
tel, city cr country; references. Box 1020
[ CaH office.
, SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day;
laundry .work, cleaning: best of references.
Addrer« 1827 Vallejo st.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; thor-
oughly understands all domertlc work. Ad-
' dree* box 1140, Call otfice. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wants position in
! candy fiore; best references. Address MIES
BLYDE. 1460. Jackson tt., City.
I A COMPETENT woman wants washing or
; housecleaning for Monday, Tuesday, Thurs-
day. MRS. L. LEECH, 148 Sixth st.
SWEDISH woman wishes a pcsltlon for gen-
eral hou««-*orl;; $25. C. E., CaH branch, 2200
J Fltlmore st. *
; A GOOD neamrtresJi wishes a few more en-
gagements by day In private families. 1^'i.J
Sacramento st.
! A WOMAN want* work by the day washing,
Ironing and house cleaning; $1 25 a day.
Box 1U50. Call.
. MIDDLC-aged lady wishes position aa work-
. Ing bousekeerer 4n family of two ¦ or three
, adults; wac>« |25. Box 113, 1008 Market at.
A YOUNG woman with references want/
; house cleaning by the day: $1 50 and car-
; fare. 7«9 McAllister et, : Mrs. Maxwell.
j RESPECTABLE woman, without Incumbrance,
.w_hes position In center of city; light house,
work. Box 1835. Call office. . .
A— MIDDLE-AGED woman, first-class J cook
• wishes situation. Box 1818. Call. : ;¦•¦:¦¦,
. LAUXDRESS wishes work by the day. 743
Folsom st. , ..
A GERMAN girt mants a position to do gen-
t eral housework. Apply 1701B Howard st.'
MILLINER'.-) apprentice wants work. Box
37. Call -ffice.
i YOUNG girl wishes to learn milliner's trade
• Box 40. CaH office. . v
'. SALESLADY wishes position In Urge store.
1 Box 3C72. Call office. . <
EMPLOYMENT WAXT_D-—MAL_.__ j
MIDDLE-AGED "man would Hke.Hght work 1 ,
.of. any kind forenoons for small compensa-
tion. ..Box 40, 1008 Market St.. t
• —;_¦*¦ ""..-'' " ¦¦—-¦¦¦ ¦¦—¦ ¦ —m— i --__-—¦ -__-—--———— s
[A TOUNO man would like situation driving
light- delivery wojjan: well - acquainted with
city. Address box 1957, Call office.
I YOUNG man of good habtts to drive delivery
wagon. Call Sunday. 314 Fulton st.
A YOUNG man. wants a position on a private
Place in country. J. KLTNN, 1283 Howard.
WANTED — Position as porter In country: J. i
j FOKD. 70S Oak at. • j
rWANTED— Position as bartender. ' JOHN ,
EMMETT. 800 Folsom st. :
j WANTED— Position as coachman. 102 Elev-
I enth at. - . ,
I T ¦ '
J YOUNG man wants position as elevator or'
j bell boy. »Vi Dykeman place. ; |
I WANTED— Position' as stock clerk; best ref- I
I erences. Box 1U36, Call office. I
I YOUNG man to do collecting;, speaking dif-
ferent languages. Bex 1934, Call office.
HANDY man wants position; sober and re-;
I liable. Address box 10UO, Call office. j
i POSITION wanted us salesman; grocery trade;'}
, best references. Box 1145, Call office, ,8. F.
i WANTED— Position as bookkeeper; references, j
j . A. L. N.. 817 Polk st.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced drug
; clerk. Address ~ 4<M> Uough si.
j SOBER, reliable barber wants steady poai-
| tion. Call after 12, Sunday, at 11*02 Mission.
) .
I YOUNG Danish married man wishes place In
. private family city or country; good hand ;
around horses. Inquire WM. WEST—R- i
' QARD. S12 Taylor st. -*..-¦¦• I
mechanical, graduate, 7 J
years' experience, wants position; also em- j
. ployment during leisure hours making nlco !
- drawings at reasonable rates. Box 3044. CaH. i
MECHANICAL engineer, draughtsman, desires
situation and evening work In any line in en-
gineering; competent detaller; many years'
shop fcxperience. Box 3043. Call./ '-
A SOBER, Industrious man, good worker,
thoroughly acquainted with city, wants po-
sition in business house or to drive wagon; !
good references. Box 3250, Call office. *
; !
STEADY, reliable man desires position as driver
' of delivery wagon, or any other steady Job;
! can furnish cash security if required. Ad- ,
dress U. L. E.. 174 Fourth St.. room 30^ j
AN Irishman requires position as gardener and ,
coachman on' private place In' city or Oak-]
' land; thoroughly understands business; strict-
ly temperate. ¦ Box 1144, Call office, Oakland, j
! GARDENER, Engllih, ~ young, experienced. '
I glasr and outside, wants situation. H. ,
j TWOSE, Alameda. » _- . j
i DRIVER wishes situation of any kind; steady
and reliable; well acquainted with the city; j
been with one firm B years. Box 3671. CaH.
ENGINEER— First-class engineer, stationary '
or- locomotive, wishes employment: used to
! oil. Box 3C42. Call. •
THOROUGHLY competent medical and sur- ]
I Rical nurse wants position. L. B., box 3744, j
j Call office. . . |
! A YOUNG man, Swede, wants Dcsitlon In a I
' family or hotel; 'city or country. Box 3849, j
! Call of flee. j
i • I
j ABLE man desires employment as carpenter's ;
I helper; city or Oakland. Box 3677. Call. i
• AN experienced elevator operator wishes situ- j
|; .atlon. A. PEARSON. 50 Third st. j
I A YOUNG man (33) from the East would like I
to make business connection; experienced j
j correspondent, office manager; can systema-
, tlze and manage economically: attorney by
profession; best testimonials as to character
j. and ability. Addrees box 3739. Call office. t
1 I YOUNG man, bright, strong and able to per-
' form any duties, desires situation as watch- ,
, ! man, attendant for cigar stand or any kinl
! of work; $1 50 a day; bonds and references
' I furnished. Box SOtO. CaH. _ . • J
; SINGLE. , middle-aged American wants subur- !
ban eituation as cook and general utility '
' , man, with email family; moderate .wage&;
! (rood mllkrr and butter maker; no horses.
; | Bex 3116. Call office. - j
; POSITION by a flrst-cla*s gardener (single):
i competent In all itf> branches, and best of
' i reference; wages expected.. Address Gardener,
I 202 Valencia st. . '
1 ! EXPERIENCED accountant desires position as
head bookeeper or office manager; long ex- I
I perlence as syMemizer and auditor; best ref- .
j erences. Box 3122, Call office. |
I PLUMBER (licenied) wants work from prop-
¦j ¦ eity owner by- the tfay or week; has all
necessarr shop tools; city or country. Box
j 3720. Call ortlee. - !
i POSITION wanted: city or country: young
, ; .man handy with carpenter tools; can run .
| gasoline. engine; references. Box 3708. Call, j
j A STEADY, sober young man, 23, wishes a po-
.- eltlon In country store; references or bond.
J , H. E. H-. 1115 dtelner st.
' I RELIABLE, handy man wants work In the
I forenoon. Box 3120. Call office. \
' < PORTER would like position, either hotel or
. i house. T. W. DAY. 500 Bush st.
c j TOVO farmers would like to get work In city
. j or country. Box 1378. Call of-ce.
• • FIRST-CLASS Japonese ccok wants good situ-
, \ at'.or ; city or country. Box 30- Call office.
' | JAPANESE couple want a situation, man as
; good cock; wife just from' Orient. Address
! 44S Natoma »t.
I FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook desires pcsltlon,
i . private family; b«t recommendations.. 448
j Natoma st.
' I FIRST-CLASiS Japanese cook. desires position.
' i private family; beat recommendations. 448
. j Natoma st.
JAPANESE boy wants -a position as hou»e-
• ' worker or schoolboy In family. SASAKI.
c | ttOti Stocktor. st. '
! JAPANESE wants place 6 to 0:30 a. m. : any
i I work. Address- HARRY. 147 Powell st.
- YOUNG Japanese wants a position to do house-
work. 023 Washington st.
. CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; rfcelved at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
' EXCHANGE. /
• I A BICYCLE "or fine tailoring in exchange for
c ' OHteopathlc treatment. Box 1770, Call. '
'. j FIXAKCIAL.
' ; I BUY and Mil stocks, bonds and nharen of
r 'every cless of security; sjnd your offers of
bids on any investment: my prices will In.
1 tereat you. E. COWPER-THWAITE, In-
vestrmnt Broker. Stockton, Cal.' %
r ' BONDS In the Colonial Security Company for
sale, cheap. \ LEWIN'S GROCERY. Fifth
and Castto sts.. Oakland.
i ¦ ¦'¦ ' —__—_—__—
. . . FLATS TO LET.
1 AAA— HOUSE RENTINO DKPARTME.Vt!
All <testrable vacant houses and flats are Ilat-
1 «-q In our. free renting department: over luOO
*n number: a combined list from all agencies;
. :»t us giva you a list and help you to find a
>, piare; we m-vtr fail; ser»!ce free. .
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
IO-'Bi MARKET ST..
• '¦ ¦ ¦"•¦«• OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
' A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;'
¦eivice absolutely free; take advsntage of
I thl" department; It will. save you time and
tioubl«. Cordes Furniture Co.. 1U&-23& Geary
tt., .m the^ square. • »
y ¦ "
7 BRODERICK. 707, near McAllister — Sunny
-* residence. of 7 rooms and bath: modern and
up to date; water free; rent $50; key at No.
711. It. D. CRANSTON & SONS. 114 Mont-
». gemery at. ¦ . - ¦ - ¦ - (
" EIGHTEENTH. 5230. near Folsom — Modern
¦sunny flat to let, with or without shop and
-bam; ftfur rroma and bath; reasonable «nt.
CLAY, .TJGO. near Central ave. — Sunny Presidio
lit I plus flat nf 5 rooms and batb; rent $27 So
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513 Cali-
fornia st.. . . . , . '
• j SEVKNTEENTH. :!947— A sunny corner six-
roomilat; basement; first class; nearly nt*';
between two goed'ear lines, half block from
x Market st. . - .
.' CARL; 212, -near 8tanyan — 5 rooms and bath;
v larice basement and yard; 1 Slock from park;
r<wt *" 5 " '"¦'¦"
" ELEGANT • new ¦ 0 and 7 room flats; sun all
3 day: one block north of Market St. 137 to
_ 165,Noe st.,< near Henry.
x J GRAND flat, 6 large, sunny. rooms; all mod-
ern; rent low to responsible party. •'874 Va-
- I : lencla »t., :ncar Twentieth.- ¦ "
I GREEN. 2283— Lower sunny flat of B rooms and
- ba»h; -rent *22 CO. . VON RHEIN REAL
: -¦. ESTATE ; CO.. 5i:t . California st. ;
;• HAIGHT, 'I- 1001— Completely furnished : sunny
. flat, - 5 ' rooms ; and ' hath ; piano, gns and coal
range; rent reasonable. f ;-. ¦¦¦¦-,' '•: -
- MORRIS, ave. 1uTu~$l2: " fist. 4 rooms , and
• j*atb." Apply EASTON. EI.DRIDGE t CO..
. 038 Market i, St. •- ¦ •;¦¦_; : - L ¦...:.¦
n ! , TWENTY-SECOND.- "8383— Upper • flat. «
s rooms; "all sunny; nicely ; furnished: phone;
.: piano; • references. ' '^SS8^JHBBBBI<!98— Ml <SSBj
e $27 50 — ELEGANT sunny • flat: « rooms ani
£ j ;> bath; 1704' Washington *t., near Polk. Ap-
' ' ply toUMBSEN, 20 Montgomery st.'
. ¦-/¦¦->¦ •'¦¦•:"- - <¦ ' - ¦¦-:¦¦ ¦¦¦ ':•¦• '
HELP WAXTRD— PEMALR-TCoa.
EXPERIENCED aakslady for hosiery and un-
derwear. Apply superintendent's office, Tha
Emporium. . •;.¦»••
EDUCATED American woman with knowlads-*
of business method.* to train for vacancy;
permanent. Box 1!*j7. Call. . ¦
WANTED— YotJiis girl . to help with child:
short distance in country; wages $10. Call
Sunday, 1210 Jackson st. ' . - ¦
STENOGRAPHER— i-'ubllshing firm; r«farene«:
literary party with some means. Box 17J74,
Call otfice. . . .¦ .
WANTi:i> — Business woman for position .«at of
city; must bo ntat and responsible; opportu-
nity. Box 1772. Call office. .
WANTED— Experienced salesladies ta cloak
and .«ult department. Call at . STRAUSS _
t-KOHMAX. 107 Post St. ....¦•¦.»!
GIRL to hei.-> with baby and light housekeep-
ing; sleep home; wagea $10. Apply at ones.
15-U Warhlncton st.
WANTED-iMiddle-aged Protestant woman aa
working lousekeepcr for man and child, ti— !
Natoma st.
EXPERIENCED finishers and sew-rs on- pants
wanted; good pay. Apply 220. Seventh St..
upstairs. ¦ • -'
A— 3BWERS wanted on ladles' underwear.
650 Mlsjlon St.. third floor.
A — SEWERS wanted on ladles' waists. 658
Mission st., third floor. "• *• • ¦'- '.'.^
WANTED— Girl for general housework • and
cooking. Appty W4O Vallejo three mornings.
WANTED— A woman, age 45 or CO yqars, to
keep house. Inquire at 1809 Sacramento st.
PANTS finishers— Call Monday. ROYAX.
PANTS CO.. 223 Kearny. ...
Gini. to do general housework; wages $23 t»
$3l>. 1171 Alice St., Oakland.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' under-
wear at 1157 Folsom st. Tl.' KLA3.
WANTED — A young girl for general house-
work; need not cook. 1831 EdJy_«t. ..'
WANTED — A girl for chamber' and 'laundry
work. Apply b*t. 10 and 2, 2030 Paclfio av«.
WANTED— Girl for second work and waiting;
wages $25. Apply at 463 Ellis st. "
TWO assistants In ballroom dancing. ¦' Apply
Prof. Flndlay. 2»43 17th St., near Valencia.
WANTED — Two «ir!s to do chamberwork and
assist tn dtnin_ room. Apply 1302 Kentucky.
WIDOWER. 2 children, wants hoosekeepsr;
city. Box 1SX», Call.
WANTED— Girls on skirts and waists. ' Apply
at 3C Geary at., room 43.
WANT— D— A little girl, about 14; good horua.
Apply 1422 Turk st. ¦ - • -• ¦
WANTED— Girl for candy store. PARJIY'3.
1304 Market st.
$1 EVERY hour you work placing Allen's
Kushlon Komfort Shoes; outsell everything:
no risk. Call cr write Kushlon Komtort
Agency. 1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — Flrst-ciaas' suit and cloak sale*-
lady at RAPHAEL'S. Apply to J. W.
Raphael between 11 and 12 a. m.
WANTED — Young lady palmists for Gypey en-
campment at summer resort I In New York.
Apply qutefc. Manager. 60 N'atoma-it.. S. T.
OPERATORS on gents' white shirts at Roger-
son's shirt factory, 535 Valencia. .at.
WANTED — Girl to Iron In laundry; good
• wages paid. 4-3'j Turk st.
A YOUNG or middle-aged woman wanted to
take care of baby and do upstairs work; sal-
ary $25 per menth to the right party; muse
come well recommended ; state age, expe-
rience and references. Apply box 3666. tcla
office. .. -„ .*¦ -^
WANTED— By a ho se of the highest stand-
ing. 5 or 6 solicitors (women) to solicit for
a household commodity; must have pleaslns;
cddreis; salary $2 50 per day. Box 3703. Call.
A GIRL for upstairs work and light washing.
434 Fifth at. - - . -
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan — Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
evened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Ocen until Horn.
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT AGEN-
CY. «KJ5 Washington* st. Phone James 3301.
We ship dally to Nevada. Government ditch
work. » hours, special cheap fare.
Laborers, roexmen and teamsters. $2 to
"S3 25 c_y; teamsters and laborers, new
electric R. R.. f re* fare. ' $2 day. .
tt laborers, near city, $1 75 day. - ...
Wheelwright, ranch. $40 found.
Choreman. milk, care for garden, etc., $20
found.
Marble polisher, city. $2 50 day.
4 boys, sash and door factory, country.
$1 25 to $1 50 day.
Office ooen Sonday. jlay I.
L. H. CUTTING — CO.
JANITOR for institution. $25 and found; "as-
sistant gardener, $25 and "found; man about
place. $£> and found; c6achm_n. $C3 aad
found: farmer and wife. $45 and fourU;
choremen: wngonmaker, $2 5O day; black-
smith and horseshoer, $•! day; 2 machine
men. $3 day; 2 door molilers. $3. day: car-
riage painter. $3 50 day; coopers; brick set-
ter. $2 50 day; hotel and boarding- tiouse
cooks, $40 and found; restaurant second couk
and baker $15 week; hotel porter, $_> and
found, and others. J. F. CIIOSETT — CO..
628 Sacramento st. .
(Open Sunday. 8 to 12. >
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
• 05 THIRD ST.; Telephone Main 5521.
Get away from strikes. Steady Job.
NEVADA. NEVADA. .NEVADA,
Government work; 3 hours: cheap fare.
Teamsters $2 25. # , Laborers $2
Muckers: special order; California; muckers.
Tunnel work. $2; free fara^ board $4 50.
Be at this office Sunday before t> a. m.
Railroad teamsters, Ef Dorado Co.. $2 23.
HORD - SMITH. .
A— SPECIAL 8PECIA-
ANNOUNCEMENT.
Cur new office will be open Monday, at T
a m., at 638 Commercial st.,-6S8. • •
' PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AOENCT. .
63S— Co— imerclal st. — 633 ' •, --
Near Kearny st. Phone Main 1131.
; A job for everybody that wants work* i-Gs.il
and see us. Don't fall. - • • •• fs-<hj
PACmC EMPLOYMENT AOEXCT.
i ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton st. — Dairyman,
private place, $35; milker, private place.. $30;
1 woodchoppersi. barkpeelers, door molders, etc.
Butler country. $50; cook and wife. • $«>;
lstindryman and wife, resort. $50;. 2. waiters.
$15; choreman. $25; atableman, country fac-
tory, $25; porter, country club. $23; etc*.
CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
633 Washington St.; phone James 3301.— 3
laborers, new Government work. 25c per
hour. 8 hours' work, free fare, board 6Cc day :
2 cooks, $40 and found; 2 boy- for sash and
door factory. $1 25 to $1 50 day: laborers,
teamsters and rock men. Government ditch.
Nevada. • hours' work.. $2 and $2 25 day; 1
mllkrr. $33 and found. "near city: wheel-
wright for ranch, $40 and found: call. and s*a
our list cf wants* office cpen Sunday Jnorn-
Ing. _. H. CUTTING - CO. ; .
A— HOTEL Gaxette. 20 Montgomery, st. r. 12—
Cook, country, grill. $8Q: .bell boy. $13.,
GOVERNMENT positions— More tka— 15,000
appointments lart year;' examinations .so-.— :
thcu~nds appointed .were_ prepared by tha
National Correspondence Institute. Washing-
ton, D. C. Writ* for circular J 1. Jrtvtn*
list of positions; salaries, examinations, sam-
ple Questions, etc. to our PacUSc Coast of flee.
827 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal. • \-'
SALESMAN wanted— Traveling, specialty sales-
i man: well-known house:, widely, advertised
staple; man experienced. In dry goods or drug
¦ specialties preferred: pcsltlon penjiasi»nT;
compensation from $23CQ to $4000 per year.
drDb-dlna; on ability: Uri-rear contract to
c« n retent man. Address Manufacturer, box
3e»2. Call of ficr ..- ••-
A -_ A _ . .•-..--...¦•_
Men to learn the barber trade In two .months
•and secure good positions catalogue «nd full
' Information mailed fr»«. ; MOLER STysttm
College, ga Clay st. . -. ...
WANTED— Salesm*n : to "write, for finest sld>
Una ever offered: sells on sight to merchan.'s;
liberal commUsim9. Blackman Stock ¦ Rem-
edy Co.. Chattanooga. Tenn.
WANTED— Amateur photographers' everywhere
can make $10 to $20 per week easily, plea j-
• antly at home; no money required. Lak«
\. Co.. 110 Monroe St.. Chicago.
WANTED— Bookkeeper: mast have experience
and be able to furnish bonds and reference*;
salary $75 to start.- Address) In- own . h«nd-
J writing, box 1555. Call offlc-. • . ¦ - > .
WANTED— Store_eep«r -for -country: must b*
well recommended. Address PACIFIO
PORTLAND CEMENT COMPANY. Cement.
Solano County. California. ¦•
WANTED — Salesman. ' experienced - In retail
grocery or crockery business; Rive refererwe*.
(experience and . salary expected.'- - Box 3CS0.
Call offlc*; - .. ¦ ¦ - : '»'•
PARTY wlihinr to Invest can procure steady
employment in paying mine In .' operation.
Inquire room 721. S27 il-rket *t., San Kr-n-
For Additional .Classified Advertise*
0 ments Sec Page 30.
_________sfc______4___B— _HIb___I__________B______
-BMPLOYJUKXT \VA\TKI»— KKMUB.
WASHING and house cleaning; $1 50 day. Box
3701, Call office. . ¦ .¦« ,
A COMPETENT woman wishes work by the
day, washing. 157 Ninth st. ¦ _.
A YOUNG lady wants position as housekeeper.
Address box 3638^ CaH office. I
A, YOUNG lady wants position a* traveling
companion. Address box 3C4W, Call office. I
POSITION desdrad by young lady as office as- I
slstant; references. Box 3041, Call office. j
STRONG German woman wants work by day, j
washing. Ironing and cleaning-. 32S Jessie, j
YOUNG lady wishes position as companion to
lady.' Addreas 671% Harrison «t.
STENOGRAPHER wants position: ten years'
experience in New York City. Box 1787, Call. !
GOOD ranch cook desires work in the country.
Box 1761. Call office.
STRONG woman wishes hous« and window
¦_cleantnK. $1 50 day. 1518A Howard st.
YOUNG girl wants situation as chambermaid.
Apply JENNIE FLORA. .820 Bush St.. r. 5. |
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly competent j
stenographer; experienced. Box 1753. Call.
YOUNG girl would like position In country as
chambermaid. 9S0 Brannan et.
HpUPEWORK. Apply UlRS. COX. 786 Har-
rison st.
PROOFREADER wishes work; Job and book,
also law work. Box 1844, Call office. {
WANTED — By young lady, position as cashier
in restaurant. Box 1825. Call office.
WANTED — By a middle aged woman, posi-
tion as housekeeper. Box 1838, Call office.
WOMAN wants sewing to do at home. 347H
Clara, st.
WOMAN wants mtndlng to do at home. • 29 '•
Madison ave. . , " *
EXPERIENCED German lady cook wanta work
in city or country. Box 1891. Call office. j
WANTED — Position as managing housekeeper
in country hotel; references. Box 1843, Call.
WOMAN wlehcs work by the day. 1738 Fol-
ecro st.
WANTED — Situation as upstairs girl. Apply
120 Freelon st. . ;
WANTED— Posltlfin as bookkeeper or . assist-
ant; moderate salary. Box 18S7. Call office.
AMERICAN woman wishes to cook for ten or
less men: city or country. Box 1031, Call.
-A LAUNDRESS wants a situation to do wash- |
ing and ironing by the day. 1123 Laguna st. ;
VEST hands, also who can make buttonholes, j
WlVy Stevenson st. ...
SITUATION wanted by young German girl
for second work for the country. 1714 Turk.
A WOMAN' with a child, srood cook, wanta
position country. 324 Maim; tel. Black 2380.
SITUATION Rb nurso girl In country. Address
box B, Call branch, ;JCO Hayes st.
COMPETENT woman wishes a position as
laundries; city or country. Call 270 Jessie.
YOUNG woman wishes a place as cook where
there is a second girl. Box 112, 1006 Market.
WANTED— Posltlcn as cash girl. 925 How.
ard at.
WOMAN wants washing by the day; $1 50 and
carfare. 1014 Turk st;
DRESSMAKER wanta work by tha dav or
'¦ week. 1123 Lamina, st.
j ,
COOK wishes situation In a nice family. 1123
Laguna et.
PLAIN sewing at home wanted. 407 Van Ness
ave.
WASHING. Ironing and houaecleanlng by the
day. 1507 Mission st.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the
day; $1 50 and car fare. 87 Rltch »t.
MIDDLE-AGED <woman wishes position to do
cooking and general housework; city or coup-
try. 1411 Baker st.. between Poet and Sutter.
SWEDISH woman wants work by the day:
cleaning and washing: $1 50. 92 Ninth «t.,
between Market and Misslcn.
A POSITION by refined young woman as as-
sistant in doctor's or dentist's office, or will
. take charge of widower's home; references;
city or country. Box 36S3, Call office.
HOUSEWORK wanted in a small family "by
. good woman; no objection to cross the bay.
445 First tt.
YOUNG woman wants work by day; thor-
oughly understands all domestic work. Ad-
drees box 1140, Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG Scandinavian lady wants work; gen-
eral houioework. 12 Perry st.
SWEDISH woman wlshe* position as laundress
and chambermaid. Please call at 245 Steuart.
GKRMAN woman wants cooking hot lunch,
or work of any kind by the day. MRS. M.
. K... P13 Natoma st., near Tenth.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recolved at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. KM McAllister at.
_.MPL»VMia.\T \VA.\TED— MALK.
A REFINED couple, with daughter 8 years
old, want to find a home where the wife can
bi- housekeeper; widower's family preferred;
very beat references furnished. Bex 1147,
Call office, Oakland.
A— BOOKKEEPER and collector, 5 years' ex-
perlence: best references; married man of
good habits; can furnish bend; go anywhere.
Box 1815. Call.
A COMPETENT middle-aged man wishes posi-
tion ln.prlvate stable; thoroughly understands
care of horse*: handy and willing; first-clats
references. Box 1813, Call.
YOUNG man. age 22 years, graduate of San
Francisco llusinens College, aelf made, capa-
ble. induftrioUR. desires position, with oppor-
tunity for advancement. Box 3670, Call.
YOUNG man having participated at 7 interna-
tional expositions, mastering four languages,
competent and energetic now open to an of-
fer. Box 3712. Call office.
PRINTER de-Ires a steady position on either
small dally or weekly; no Job work: like
., chance- to learn machine. Address Printer,
• t35C Minna st.. S. F.
YOUNG married couple desira positions In sum-
mer resort, woman as chambermaid, man aa
night clerk or bellboy; best of references.
Box 3674. Cull office.
MAN. 7 years experienced salesman, wishes
position, wholesale or sporting goods house
preferred; expert with firearms; best ref-
erences. Box 3CS1. Call.
MARRIED couple, young, man first-dais
coachman, wife good plain cook, or house-
work; elty or country; city references. Box
1828. Call office.
A BRIGHT, active young man. speaks several
modern languages, high" school graduate,
wants a sltuat'.on; good references. Box 3U92,
Call office. .
A FIRST-CLASS painter, tlnter, gralner, etc..
capable to care of men and any Job, wants
.a first-class position; middle age. Box 133U,
Call office.
GKRMAN. married, strictly sober and reliable,
tpeaka English and French, wants job as
bartender; to learn American methods. Ad-
drexs G. S.. IS South Park.
YOUTH of 17, with good reference, desires
petition in wholesale store or as office boy;
speaks German and English. C. P., 112SA
. Howard st.
SITUATION wanted — Barber desires position
at mountain resort; firet-class sober man:
city references; state particulars, etc. Box
IUoO. Cell olfice.
SITUATION wanted as chauffeur to party
leaving for St.' Louis; ' competent mechanic
and experienced driver: steam or gasoline.
. Box 1»5S, Call office.
HOTEL clerk, 15 years' practical experience In
San . Francisco, thoroughly competent hotel
man, derlres employment: reference* and
bonds. Box 1022, Call.
A GARDENER, experienced tn flowers, green-
houses and vegetablen, can milk and drive,
want* position; best of references given.
Box 1908. Call. ¦••>¦ ¦ •
WANTED — A position for a good boy. 16
; years, German descent. In office or wholesale
house, or factory. Please address box 1001.
Call office.
AN' orchard man with experience will take
charge of work on steady: place; under-
stands drying, packing and grading. Address
: C H..-502 Washington st. . -- y . :1 ? _ v .¦/
YOUNG man. 24. would like position as col-
lector: best of references; can furnish bor.ds
for. any reasonable amount. Box 3970, Call.
PIIINTER— First-class Job compositor^ wishes
steady position; wages $13 SO a week. Ad-
drets 3711. CaH. . ¦- y ¦¦ :.- — *¦
BARKEEPER wants position; steady.: cober
• young man,* not afraid to work; can furnish
references. Box 3878, Call office. • •. .
SITUATION wanted— Competent driver ' wants
position; is well acquainted with city. Ad-
dress G. H.. 1321 Pierce St. - ¦<¦ ;.;
RELIABLE 'man' as collector/ experienced:
can give best of reference and bonds.' Bos
1S17. Call.
-''¦"" C_AIR% r OVAaTS.
kSEOBSD SUCCESS FOR YOU.
Ca'.l at coce aad save $4.
Hia f_nuu* $5 reading this week for -
U (l $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 II
No charge No charge
l !.:<•!« you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
Am £t>t registered trance clairvoyant and
.' I'fdmist ever In San Frenciaco.
Hcaii caiefu'.ly. An honeet proposition.
(.You to be full judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
n__t no charge If I fail to teU your name, oc.
rui'atlon r.::d what you called for; I tell you if
biifband, ¦»•!?• or loveT is true or false; who
and when you will marry; how to gain the love
f -.he cne you disire; "in fact," I will tell you
•very l.cpe. fear or ambition better than you
:an te-!i yourself : his advice is reliable, his pow-
ers are wonderful and rndjsjutable; he lm-
[¦rov*>s vo-r character \ro that you will reach
;he hxptsett i>>->e«-ible development In mental
iljm-. fceaith, happinAss and capacity to earn
an— ttfi; the controUlns power Implanted in
> our nature, aa you can change the Intentions,
»<-tio-s or babits of any one *ecretly; cures
UacaM end lost vitality; gives advice on min-
ing ar.J buried treasures; gives you success In
ife:- he euaramees you sneces* or charges
* jthing tcr his frrvic-es.
¦ 10 a. m. to b p. ra. ; Sundaya, 2 to 6.
S2G — OFtrrell street— 520.
THE PCTBStB KEVKALED, THE PA8T
DISCLOSED.
Tfcf Pr»»ent Anaiyeed by Livingstone.
. PROF. LIVINGSTONES readlnrs are lik»
* i'.ving r«g*- of Flammarlon's treatise that |s
ho electrifying the world to-day. He is no
laiitatar. Ht» work Is uuon original line*.
I ure thougbt. clear \lsicn. He tells you what
¦• ou dtfci re to know and works In the open
light:
He i<- aa conspicuous for his wonderful occult
&na5*-«is a* he is for bis original expression
_nd vivid rruthfulneBs.
A te« readmit is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. IJVINGSTONE he will
irtve you a full life reading for $L A teat
'.* cf ISttle value; when the mind is troubled
you ne«d mort substantial aid and advice.
This is }_-t what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
B"lv«:» you wlitn you c«41 on him for a flrst-
cla^e claii-\ - o>ant reading.
He, asks you no questions, but tells you
wrjat you wish to know.
.He does not mention all th« ills and mis-
fortune* you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facu in your case. Let PROF. LIV-
INGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find tbe cause of trouble and
ryRgeet the remedy.
licpieznber the number: 428 Eddy st.
Hours. 10 a. in. to 8 o. m.
IEMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, rem—nently located at 1104 Mark**
"-.. ccr. Turk: private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to S p. m. ; readings by mail as satlcfac-
* tcry as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full (lie, f ." . n".~.d lock cf hair, date of year
. <jf birth; don't send currency :»rad portofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. 1)K. E. SANDERS. S10— Ellis st.— 310;
celebrated clairvoyant, palmist and psychic;
:•.-.'•!¦. wealth, harninesc; all kinds disease
'And '...'. habits cured by mental suggestion:
learn it: develci^ mediums at three sittings;
.hours, II a. ro. to S r- m. ; phone, Hyde 1S07.
A— MME. C. LOVONIA, remarkable scientific
palmist & clairvoyant :all questions of life re-
vealed; advises you whether or not you wiU
be successful In love, marriage, business, ero-
. jJoyment: 2T>c thif week only.4C8 Jessle.nr.Cth.
A — MM_. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant me-
dium and card reader, born with a double
veil and eeccntf sight, tells past, present and
. future; I. &0c. g. by cards $1; palmistry and
' clairvoyant sit.. $1 f>0. S12 Mason, nr. Geary.
•THIi n-.iraculou* cure of Isa.belle Farrell of
Berkeley by the advice of Ismar, th« wonder,
.* en. page 3S.
A— Xlifs M. Wllle, 4€0 Geary, dalrvo}—*! cr>"»-
reer and lif» reader, will tell you exactl}
what you called for without asking a ques-
.tlon. r.&meg given ; epeclal, $1 ; hours 10 to 8.
illSS feEMDAR. young, gifted cla'r. and palm.;
hat fecoui right: a »onderful prophdt^d*;
" name*; |. Me, g. tl. 714 Franklln.rr.'i.U.ave.
A-MMK. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
• advice riven on ail affair- of life; *at1srac-
ncn guaranteed: 2Sc up. 17 34, next Exam.
—rs.A.H.Krcr.enberg.palmist. clalr\'oyant. card
* reader :wben ethers fall try me;good r*>adln<s
•' Vm: T21 Frar.k'.'.r.r.r.Q.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A-MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vic«: names iriven: l\V un. H3 Howard uu
"A — MilE. LL'ISA, Spanish palmlft. dairvcyant,
canl leaJer. Ladies _»c; g, &0c. 124 Cth st.
JiP..<. HP.OW.S*. claln-oyant. card reader, re-
moved from i:_ to 23V, Cth: 1. 25c« g. SOc.
UME. WALTER.'', great card reader: la. 25c;
— cnts 5<>c. t<*l lIlFs^ion r\., nr. Cth; open &un.
Mme. Odeil re turned: clairvoyant, card reader;
;<ttlwwi; 2r»c u;.. Lower flat. K2 Eliis st.
Mlfft WARD, c'.a'.rveyRjit. givpg nam-s. dates
. ar.d fartti; readings dally. Iil7 Mat ket st.
OLlJl_>T t%6y r>almtst and csrrd reader 1n city.
yt>4 Kearny. roora 2<t: ladles 25c; gents SOc
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
tejler. is now at 317 El!is st.
•MRS. MARSAN. card reader: ladles 25c; gents
.'.oc. litt sixth et.. rocra 15.
illlE. HERNANDEZ, wonderful palmist and
<ard reader. 421 Hyde St.
MTJS. BHAFER. cJairvoyaat. card reader, slt-
tlr.g. tiaUv 44fr*4 Je-y|o f t.. bet. Sth and Cth.
CARPET DKATIXG AXD CLIJAM.MJ.
COMPlilSSED air and vacuum eystem now
unlver_ai:y uted in cleaning caro«fts on
floorf without removal: price moderate. 6.
F. Ccrr!r>r-«*»=<1 Air Cleaning Co., 306 Mor-
kFt ti. Tel. Main 152. Bush 479.
WHEN you becoTre <?is— OFtrd with your work
«-id for SPAULDING'g Pioneer Cerpet-beat-
: ing Works. 335-Ci7 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.. dean-
ing _ laying dona reasonably . Tel. Ml-sion 74.
WESTERN O.rr«"t Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison ft.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tsl. MlEslon 225.
CONKLIN"6 Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
. 3Ui Golden Gat* ave. Telephone East 12tt.
H'OPKE EROS. ; excellent carpet-beating: mat-
treset* n_o« over. 1432 Howard :tel. South 216.
ADVANCE r-arr^t cneanlnir Co., 402 Sutter St.:
tt-I. _ ain — )l. G-O. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st,: tel. Mission 263.
I co r^r^TTQiwjoryieTBii^
BAD tenants ejected for $1; collections made:
c'.ty cr country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10: teL Main SSSO.
tOTIAUiilt TO __T.
3AKi:R. 1W4— Lovely cottape, 0 rooms.* bath;
. caritn. Iront and back. Ai>rly premise*.
VoiTA«iE of 5 rooms and bath: high base-
rppm; large p_rd«n; rent $18. 131 Fair Oaks st.
$11. Dew _ X, r.; $8. c. 5 r.; 17 Roscoe; Miss.
? t cars to Crcscert. on to flrst st. to right.
: ' COTTAGES — SUBU_B_2T.
"COLONIAL ccttage. 5 rooms, completely fur-
. r.ifhfd: dxr.y Metker. Apply W. MARION.
.. 3 '...".* '.'. -.i~. tt.
.MILL Valley; 2 funilfh*d 5-room cottages,
tath; te8.gLr.abl". Box lrjQ. CalL
CAPE SOME.
TICKET office for all points in Alaska. C F\
.MOORE. 827 Market «t. room S09. First
. ; 's^«a_pr May 21; $75 first class.
1 C_X— IT C— OTHTT— S.
<T^F. ADAMR CO. ~ ~~
; SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clcthe the whole :araily from hats to
rhoes: fcverything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 31 •» Mason rt.
C-OTgTBrO _ggOT_T_rQ.
fcL'lTS cleaned ana .pressed, tl: acouring and
dyeing. Bon Marcbe. 4U Ellis St.. room 14;
phone Drumtn 44. Call for and deliver tree.
CPaXS BtrPTTTBg.
\VHO~T— Ilurtf-r. ll'OU Market st.: $100; rupture
cur* feir fl'>: circular txplalns: send for one.
I>K.\TI»TS.
DR GRUSS, C1C Callaghan bldg.. Market and
McAllister sts.. us** the Casford obtunder;
the only de\1ce ever invented lor grinding.
Criming and excavating teeth without pain.
Cell icr den lonstratioa. Tel. Jescle 860C.
tST'LUDLUil HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
¦ —No charge for extracting wbea plates ara
rSade; old platn rnad« ov«»r like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting SUc; gas given.
* Ni;w plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yr». ; crown. $» 50: fillings. We:
* !*:.!•> $«: fall < ! — : all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2i Sixth.
ARTHUR- CHtSHOLM. *urjreon-dentlst.r.l*.lst
. floor. J'hcl-n bid.. i>06 Market, cor. O'FarrtlL
( aris De-tal Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Ket teeth. $1 60 cp; crowns. $2 up: CUlngs, 25c
;old fillings. 75c; sliver, 85c: crowns. $2; bo
patn: open Sunday*. Dr.O.B.H»wltt.204 Suttr
t/l(l>MI«KKIl« 4 l> « f <A^»I J J T _^__^__^ ; *
Hxi-oriicm' Bunblsrst end knife-plaiting; double
Ttamps on <lre*s Irnings. «tewart'» button and
•uttonbel* factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
icrjOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure ; ere, ciass. 1011 — kt.THE .; SATsh-FRANGISGO:: GALL;^ SUNDAY, * MAY ;vi,
50
1 _-_:V___. : FERSOyAM. li ;.
A -removal owina; to the Property b *' B *"!i W
at 10 Kearnr at. L« Verite To"**, 0 ?:^ J 5&'
have secured fine accommodations (y 1 " 1 e t l^t
,vator service) at W5 Market next to J""
' Palace Hotel. > The departmenU of n » 1 ,™" s r v
inr. shampooing, manicuring and chlropoay
are- licht, . sunny rooms. . ¦ » "__i
The deDartment of: dermatolory 1» » re" 1
ationln itself: here the old ars mads- younr
again— youth is truly renewed. It is no «*
a«rgr ration to state that wrinkles, acars. rooies,
freckles and all that Is unsightly^ and wads
to disfigure the face are removed; t**?™"*!
les- disappear like magic by the vibratory
treatment and every ' vestige of their pres-
enca is effectually, erased and th« iUn »
toned ud and made as smooth as an • n \" 1 " ":
A dealrable feature of this establishment
la a parlor where the weary ahopper may rest,
meet lady friends, or wait for train-time, in"
number li 645 Market et. -
A B. BARNES MEDICAL DIRECTOR.
- L. I. MATHER. Secretary.
WILLOW BARK SANITARIUM
(Incorporated).
Treat, all liquor and drug addictions
by the - best known methods.
W« do not agree to effect a cura In three-
days. By giving a systematic treatment w»
build, up the system, while effecting the cure.
ky which we naturally obtain the b«st result*.
W« do not claim t« perform miracles,
BUT DO CLAIM TO CURE.
We have a beautiful and well-furnished homs
for ail private patients. Call or writs 101
booklet. Address for particulars^ — .
812 Shotwell at., near Twenty- second.
Tel White 3681. San Francisco. Cat.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed by ths uss of
"STENZIE," the most .wonderful and ef-
.fectlvt dermatological preparation ever placed
before ths public; will remove permanently
any -growth of hair that can be presented;
will not injure the most delicate skin: demon-
atratlon free. Mrs. K>G.Henderson.326A Ellis.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin." ¦
Don't forget th« name. IX. ELLA HARMS.
The number. -781 O'Farrell St.. near Larkln.
Call or write for book, free,
, "Hints . on Beauty."
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cure* dandruff
- and - itching . scalp ; no stain or - stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers': asV
„ cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
A— MICROTINEv a - positive cure for catarrh,
cold In the head.* hay fever, headache and all
' bronchial affections: send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 9th.
FRENCH perilage mattress and cushion maker.
- ' - D.' ADLER •. residence -.734 Linden St., Oak-
land. Cal. will make over all cushions equal
to new at your residence. Notify by mall.
Cancerous lumps,". sores. Impure blood (affecting
,'. skin.: mouth, bones, etc.);. speedily cured by
¦¦< skilled specialist, from .Europe. Apply Central
* Pharmacy.- 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
ADVERTISING .WORLD,. Columbua, .Ohio.? a
'"' monthly ¦¦ Journal • of information, plans, sug-
"" gestlons and ideas for . advertising. Send to-
. 'day, for free sample, or 10c for 4 months' , trial.
RAG carpets: wove 'to order and. for sale: also
' ' chenille- wove ; rugs. : silk . portieres;^. dealer : In
* eaiTH't'- twine. ,m hank* or chain.? at .lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews.;700 Fifth at.. Oakland.
EGYPTIAN ¦ ladles use vNalfa- treatment: : It
keeps thelr ; akinHbeautlful; . their prepafa-
tlons for vile... 'Call or. write. DR.. HAWES,
' 301 Day, st. ¦..¦''.'. -' '¦ ' . ¦_
A YOUNG lady." age '27, would like to meet a
gentleman . with good oosltlon ; object matri-
mony. ' Addtass box 1141. Call office, Oak-
land. -;• j _¦ - ¦.-¦¦"• ¦'¦ :
A FINE suit', to "order -on easy installments of
tit week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth. ¦ -
AT lees than cost; uncalled for suits, ovsrcoaU
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st. ; . '¦".-¦
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR . ' ""•
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.'
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st. ...
DRUNKENNESS morphine and all drugi dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark 'Co.,
812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or writs.
WHITE — No new* - this week; what is the
matter? All well in town. BLACK.
KLONDYKE famous masseur of world; treat-
ments 503 up. Tel, Black 1553; res. 324 Bush
"VITAL ¦ Ring" . cures weak men; $2 50, post
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Geary. B.f.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elee-
trlc needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers. 1170 Market.
Actina restores lcet eyesight : cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter, r. COS. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dnpont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptlon Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1: at an druggists'.
BASEMENTS TO LET.
BASEMENT to let at 168 Fourth st.
" ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALL" sunny: best in city: S or 4 rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENTS, 15C0 Sacramento St., near Larkln.
BRYANT, .518 — 3 unfurnished housekeeping
.roams; rent -510. .- '¦
BUSH, 2284 — 2 sunny unfurnished housekpg.
rooms; running water: gas:. references; $10.
DIAMOND. 1 819— 2 furnished housekeeping;
rooms, $8.
ELLIS, - 611 — Nicely furnlsbed sunny alcove
room, light housekeeping; bath and phone.
ELEVENTH. 100 — 2 connecting rooms for
housekeeping: first floor, front; gas.
ELLIS. 1160— Newly furnlflhed double parlors
¦with use of kitchen. In modern flat. """•->•
FELL, 222^ — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms.
FIFTEENTH. 1479. near Howard — 2 front con-
necting housekeeping rooms, unfurnished.
FULTON, .233 — Two connecting rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; gas range; grate;
no • children.
FULTON, j 442 — Furnished sunny front room,'
with use of: gas stove," phone; for housekeep-
ing: 5 minutes from City Hall; reasonable.
GEARY, 40S — 3 sunny, clean, nicely furnished
rooms.
GOLDEN GATE a/e.. 313— Two large sunny
rooms, furnished ' complete for housekeeping.
Apply before 2 p. m.
GUERRERO, 104 — Three connected furnished
rooms; regular kitchen; adults; references.
1 OR 2. large sunny housekeeplns rooms. 54S
Guerrero «t.
HAYES, 802 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
• ing. ' _j
JESSIE. 323— Sunny room, furnished for house-
.. keeping: gas range, water; $2 75 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Aoartmenta, 1340 Pine—
Sunny, lurnlshed 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
LEAVENWORTH, 1317— To let— housekeeping
rooms; . fine marine view; two nice sunny
bedrooms. ' dining-room and kitchen.
LEROY - place, 124 — 4 < rooms furnished for
housekeeping.. • :
MCALLISTER, 538— Sunny suites: ras range;
hot bath; laundry; phone; $14-$15-$7.
MCALLISTER. 1046— Elegant sunny parlor
suite for light housekeeping; middle fiat; all
conveniences. '
OAK. 117— Extra sunny 3-room suits. $20^ gaa
range; '.hot bath; laundry; adults..
OAK. 125 Vj, — 3 large furnished housekeeping
. rooms. ' lower floor. $15. • .
OAK, 904. . cor.< Scott— 2 light sunny rooms.
¦ newly furnished; phone, bath, laundry; no
children: $18 50. .
PAGE. 278— -2 sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete. -,.;.. V
PINE, . 958B— 3 rooms and .bath; complete;
flooded with sunshine; gas range: $18.
POLK. . 1018 — Sunny front rooms; gas, bath,
phone, etc; '2 $12 month: also others, single.
etc..-. reasonable ; no objection. to children.
TEHAMA. 478, near Sixth — 3 sunny '¦ rooms,
complete 'for •housekeeping;; $12; no children.
TURK. 10— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
reasonable. ¦ :
TURK, . 2807-Sunny- housekeeping rooms; large
l' yard... . ' .•.•-'..¦-¦
TURK. 816^2 single rooms for good class ' of
i ' men; lower. floor. for. housekeeping.
, TWELFTH, 145 — Furnished sunny suites of 2
1 ' and -3 rms. for housekeeping; rent reasonable
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367— 2 sunny housekeeping
¦ rooms in Mission .warm belt; near 3 car lines.
TWENTY-THIRD.* 372G. near Dolores — Three
sunny lay-window rooms; nice, neat, com-
plete. -. . r \. .;;- .' *.:....-. .-*..
SIXTH T ave., ; 760, nr. Chutes — 3 unfnr. rooms,
jeloae to G.-G.' Park. . I or housekpg. ; $iq mo.
' STOCKTON, 1206, Model House— Housekeeplns
and- single rooms. $5 to $12; gas.
THREE} . sunny furnished rooms for housekeep-
; Ing; gas and bath. .-Apply. 2022 Mission st.
VAN ' NESS ave., 407— Front • sunny "suite," fur-
1 - nished, • for, rent.* ,- - ¦'; : ¦ ¦ ->•
."'--. ..--.-- " ¦ . ' . * . -'¦
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEBPISO—Co*.
...» VER3 «re 706— Front basement suits or
% 3 ro^nff completefor hou^kaepinc. $22.
VAN NESS. 1008— Sunny housekeeping rooms.
gas and running water.
WASHINGTON. W10-2 ™nny WOffl* to*
hnn-ok^nlnr: also g slnglo rooms.
Open until 11 p. m. ¦^¦^^^^a
APAKTMJWT gQOSZ»«
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS "
MM SUTTER d ST ar N^ 5 COR. LARKIN S£
B^uUf^lUht »nd/|u a ay^-3^ roon» and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to 14U-
Make reservations now.
$.30 $35. $37. $4O. $45. $47 50. $50. $55.
marins view; references. Phone East ISM.
ROOMS TO LET — Fwrsj. «««1 Vntum.
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH.
ssjfe e h pi scs. s C 5 .".f° ti
T Al'S?^.-frN I fSKT 7 ? C T&i5-"B5S
. SOUTH 1041. „
{ ABHWORTH HOTEI*
»20 Mason st.. bet. Geary and CFarrslI.
Rooms with or without privats bath.
Naw addition Just completed: «ntlrs BOOJ*
newly renovated: sua m rooms all day.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth at.— Room*
25o to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week aad
light housekeeping rooms: open all nlgnt.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No.
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c. 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week: house open all night.
A NEWLY furnished, sunny front room, suit-
able for man and wife; also slngls rooms tor
gentlemen. 313 Mason at., near Geary.
BEAVER. 4, off No«, bet. 15tb and 16tli — Ele-
gant front bay window; gant.; gas.bata;reas.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also nnfnraHhed.
BUSH.. 818^-Furolshed room; privats family:
references. • -
CALIFORNIA. 1S04 — Sunny front bay-wtndo-w
room; closet. running water; reas.; gentleman.
CALIFORNIA. 1530 — Thre* or four nnfur-
" nlshed rooms ' to rent : cheap^
CLARA. 160. near Fifth— Foot rooms; rent $12.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. ' Mason— Elegantly
-furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). 619 Post, nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located; sunny slngls rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights^ phone every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 if desired.
D^- SOPHRONIA HOTEL.
600 JONES ST.. COR. GEARY.
CENTRALLY LOCATED: FEW MINUTES'
WALK TO TOWN: 2, 3. 4. 5 ROOM SUTT3J
PRIVATE BATHS: ELECTRIC LIGHTS :
, PHONES IN EVERY ROOM: MEALS
\ SERVED IN ROOMS IF DESIRED. -
ELEVATOR SERVICE DAY AND NTGHT.
MUST BE SEEM TO BB . APPRECIATED.
EDDY. - 110. opposite Tlvoll Theater: "Th«
Launston" ; flnrt-class> rooms; special rates.
EIGHTEENTH. 2403— Furnished room.
ELEVENTH. 102— Largo unfurnished room to
let. . *___
ELLIS. 611 — Nicely furnished, sunny . rooms,
suitable for two; strictly quiet; bath, phone.
ELLIS. 835— Furnished roan; single; folding
_____
GREAT REDUCTION IN RATES FOS'THS
SUMMER MONTHS.
AT THE ST. CECXLB APARTMENTS.
115 FELL ST.. NEAR. VAN NESS.
Visit us if you are lookln? for modern, up-
to-dats and sunny apartments; all outsids
rooms; elaborately furnished; steam heat, hot
water, electrto lights, electrto elevator; splen-
did entrance; these apartments must b* s»en> .
to b« appreciated; prices $33, $37 60, $40,
$42 50. $45 to $55. .
FELL. 110— Furnished rooms.
FILLMORE. 1021— Nicely famished double and
single rooms; rent reasonable.
FIRST. 817 — Largo well-furn. front room; 2
men or man and wife; running- water In room.
FOLSOM. 1711 — A sunny furnished room to
let.
FOR single gentleman. In prtvats homa (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks front
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2C24. Call offlc*.
FOURTEENTH. 70— Furnished room to let;
sunny,
FULTON. S22 — Nicely furnished rooms; slngls
or en suite.
FULTON, 173S — Sunny, front room, nicety fur-
nished; rent $14.
GEARY. 660— Elegant sunny front bay-wlsdow
rooms; piano; other rooms; kitchen.
GEARY. 1418 — Sunny furnished rooms; rea-
sonable; pleasant home.
COUGH, 730— Sunny furnished room*. »
GOLDEN GATE ave., 519 — Newly furnished
rooms; suitable for 1 or 2; privats home;
phone.
GOLDEN GATE avelj 1126^—3 furnished
rooms, $6 and $3.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms S5e
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $« wk.; reading-room.
GRANT ave., 7— Nicely furnished, sunny suite;
also single rooms; $2 50 to $6 week.
HARRISON. 7S4?i. nr. 4th— Finely furnished
sunny rooms; bath; all modern convealeaces •
homelike; $1 week up.
HOTEL REX.
242 Turk st. : telephone In every room, eleetrto
lights, steam heat; new fireproof building:
containing 136 elegantly furnished rooms
with private baths: sunshine In every room:
hot and cold water throughout: ELECTRir
ELEVATORS. RUN ALL NIGHT. Telephono
Private Exchange 6C0. «*paon«
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nishtd suites and single rooms.
HOWARD. 1313 — Sunny furnished room, suit-
able for two gentlemen.
HUMBOLDT. 2321— Furnished room to let." •
IVY ave.. 223, cor. Franklin st— Sunny far-
nlsbed room; $6 per month.
JESSIE. 530 — Furnished rooms.
LARGE furnished room, rent $10; batweea
Powell and Mason sts. Box 1S29. Call.
LARKIN. 119— Furnished rooms, double and
single. ,.> •
LARKIN. 804—^6unny. front room; on* or two
gentlemen: $7 per month.
MARKET, 993— Elegantly furnished transient
rooms.
McAlLTster. 621-Nlcely tarnished; rooms"
suitable for one or two. . "
MCALLISTER, 757— Sunny, furnished' front
room; rent reasonable,
MCALLISTER^ 9O7— Nicely furnished s^rln7
room; laundry; yard; German family; $3.
MCALLISTER, 1005A— Nlc© front hall roorA
for rent. ' .
MCALLISTER. 1007— Sunny front room- hot
and cold water; bath.
MCALLISTER. 1007— Sunny furaiahed room"-
running water; also bay-window sunny room.'
MISSION. 1710— Sunny furnished rooms.
MISSION. 1519— Sunny furnished rooms.
! MISSION, 2562— Nicely furnished room to tot.
MISSION. 3010— A large sunny furnished room
to let. suitable for two persons.
NATOMA. 531— A nice sunny furnished room-
$6 a month.
OAK. 352— Two newly furnished, sunny
rooms; phone. , r~ # ._.Trr IW
OAK. 419— Elegantly furnished parlors; piano-
other rooms; all sunny. V~~,"
O-FARRF.LL, 13*4—1 furnished suite and 1
single room; references exchanged. V -
V S "«-S«»f «*«* room." bs,th; T«
PIERCE, 1031 — Clean, sunny, newly furnished
j™»»: reasonable; light housekeeping p«^
" ' — *' ' *
PINE." 783 — Two sunny rooms; raanlaar m»<
1 jsrirate family; reasonably •"»»¦« .w»i«r, .
HORSES AND AVAGO\S— Contln ned.
MAN wishes ¦¦ to furnish ' horse '¦' and > wagon I or
bor»o only and do driving; for some '.business
house. > v Box 1798, 'Call office. v '-¦ ¦ ;.
SAN T FRANCISCO . Veterinary i College— Next
session begins June 8. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E/ J. CREELKY. 510 Qolden Gats ave.
WANTED — To buy a good buggy horea. Box
1809. Call Office. - - '.¦.... '¦/, ¦ ,':'¦¦:¦¦
WANTED — A . a;entl« - horse »" for '" a lady : . to
drive. Box 1706. Call office. ¦¦_:.-- •
TOP buggy In eood condition at 1110 Stan-
- yan r st.- >—-..- ... ..;, ; . ¦.-¦.
FIRST-CLASS - camping - wagon, cheep.' - 329
; Noe St., near Market. ' ; . '. - -
FOR ' sale — Handsome '. trap ; ' cheap. . Box ? 1215,
Call office."; .."¦".; .-"'¦'¦' ...' -
HORSES ¦ of all '¦ grades ¦ bought, sold ' and - ex-
changed. H. : ATKINSON. 65 Hermann st." .
CAMPING wagon ; great • for theatrical travel-
ers. 127 Turk St.; owner at: 640 Howard at.
A FINE saddle horse for sale; $60. Bos 3514.
.•.\CaH'ofncs. i j:.-V.^.. > ;>,v:.. ¦ .-/..; ¦'-.I-'-.-."-.^ ¦-¦
WAGONETTES.*" surreys,' buggies, .wasons.' har-
' ness, work and driving horses.' 15th-Vaiencla.
_ . \ JLET. '.'/^^'//.'.j
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
. cular.', G. ; H.'l UMBSEN. A CO.*. 20 Montgomery
HANDSOME ; corner £ house.*; 10 i rooms ; .< bath.
¦ basement ;t modern' improvements 425
-.". Bakery st.*"» corner^Grove.T: . ;¦' ¦
PERRT, 204,' 1 near Fourth'— $7; house of "3
rooms; water free. Apply to Q. H. UMBSEN
& CO., 20 ; Montgomery »st."«J .-.-';-. . ¦ . ...
BRANNAN,-' 434 — La rge - sunny : house.* 7 :- rooms
•'and'* bath; * rent reasonable. ¦„•>'. -.
ELLIS, 804 — Desirable eunny house of 12 rooms
and bath; rent' reasonable to good party."; ; /
TO LET — Clay- st. residence 8 rooms and bath ;
. maks offer. ' OANCO.^ otv 2 &' CO. -. ... -:
HOu8ES TO LET— KDRHiSHED. ' ¦;,' J.
COMPLETELY.; furnished house; * large, 1 * sunny
.rooms and : bath; : large .yard and . basement.
104 • Plsrc* st. , near . Ha Ight ;: re fer ences re -
quired. -Inquire 0 to 12 a. m. and 5 to 7
P/m.'.. ori207 Examiner bulldinc. ' . . ¦
PINE. ' 710,' near L Powell — $85 per month; ele-
gantly furnlsbed house of 7 rooms and bath;
all • modern - oonveniences. Von . Rheln Real
Estate Co.. 513. California. at. -. ..-¦•.'..
FOLSOM. . 768— House of 7 rooms ; bath," gas ;
$22;' water free; furniture .for, sale, $375;
call Monday after' 12.-. - .
FURNISHED house, $45;. 2641 Sacramento at.;
«¦ rooms and bath. Apply" " EASTON EL-
DRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market St.: -. -'
3TURNISHED corner bouse for. one year; rent
$225 month. Address P.. O. box , 2633, city.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 511— 10-room house;
nicely furnished; for gale reasonable,
HOUSES (Famished) — BELVEDERE.
CHERRY House — B*umlshed 6 rooms, bath;
open Sunday, Monday; reasonable. Box 1703,
Call office.- . - - •
IIOL'SES — SUBURBAN* — FL'RMSHKIl
FURNISHED houFe to let at Fairoaks, San
Mateo County: a first-class,' newly furnished
house containing 5 bedrooms, besides draw-
ing-room, dining-room, servants" rooms and 2
bathrooms; large stable. Address J.J. MOORE
A CO.. 416-418 California st.. San Francisco.
1AUWCHX8 rOB MXMJB. , '
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business;,, tel.. Bush 534.
J. Mtcbaelis Launch Co.. Unlon-st. wharf;boat-
ing & excursions. S Steusrt st.; tel. John 2686.
LOST AND FOOD.
LOST — Friday Morning, canary bird, yellow
with black spot on each side of neck and on
top of head; ?3 reward. 41 ¦ Gardner ave.,
bet. • Devisadero and Broderick, | Post and
Geary sts. : -
LOST— feet of drawings of dust-guard patents
with name of E. E. Sager. on them. .Reward
for their return, to 634 Market st.
GOLD diarnor.d-set watch, initials.: M. E. S.;
Ion 18th and Collingwood to Market and 6th
April 30. 15 Collingwood St.; liberal reward.
STRAYED — From 1711 Broderick st.. fox ter-
rier dog; license 4718; return; reward.
LOST — Large fox terrier; license 1555; reward.
102 Powell st. ¦
LOST — Friday evening, opera bag; liberal re-
ward; return 142 Montgomery st. ;
LOST — At the ferry, black chatelaine, contain-
ing Jewelry; liberal reward. W. J. LANG-
STAFF. 114 Market St.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
rame of DENIS NOLAN; No. 280-366. The
finder will please return to bank. •
LOST — 3-year-old mare; dark gray, white on
forehead, scar on hips; reward. LOUIS CAS«
SIN. Sliver ave.. . .
LOST — Water spaniel dog. white front foot;.li-
censed. Return to 105 Berry Bt,: reward.
MATRIMOXIAL.
GENTLEMAN, 50 ¦ years old. unincumbered,
temperate, . amiable disposition; am well
known; have been in' business in this city for
several years; would like to meet a lady of
about 43 years' of age; object matrimony.
Box 3236, Call.
GENTLEMAN, 45 years old. a business man in
this dty for 12 years past, of good | habits,
would like to meet a lady about same age,
who would, appreciate a good home and hus-
band ; no trlflers or agents need answer. Box
1888, Call. ' . . ¦
AN • American widow, educated and • refined,'
could help a husband at home or in business;
have had business experience; would like:to
meet a man of good character and habits;
object matrimony. Address box 1925. Call.
AM 31 '¦ years v old. will make a kind husband;
have a. good trade and would like acquaint-
ance with lady who. can assist, financially in
opening a place of business; object matri-
mony. Address box 1051, Call office.
A GENTLEMAN Just from the East, 48 years
old, with good income, would . like to meet
pleasant, refined lady, one who could . appre-
ciate a good home and kind husband; object
matrimony. Box 171U, Call office. '
A GENTLEMAN holding a good position with
the Government, a comfortable Income; black
hair,' am 32 ¦ years old, cood habits, would
like to meet lady about 30 who would like to
marry. Box 1992, Call office.
GENTLEif AN. ! 36, good position and ! habits
and honest, wishes to correspond with affec-
tionate lady; object matrimony. Box 1904,
Call office. •
GENTLEMAN, 44 years old, employed stead-
ily, would like to meet a lady about 35 to 40
years old; object matrimony. Box 1807, Call.
A MAN. SO years of age, in business with a
fair income, wishes to meet a lady; object
matrimony. Box 3246, Call office.
WOULD like to correspond with a gentleman;
object ' matrimony: ¦' either city , or ' country.
1 Box '1751, Call office.
AM ' 28, have a business ¦ of ' my own " and .'can
make a good home for a wife. Address box
- 1972, Call office. " .. -.-¦..-
GENTLEMAN, 34, . wishes to meet lady 25 to
30; object matrimony. Box 1919. Call. '
MEDICAL. . .
-¦- --¦- -¦«
LADIES desiring safe, sure . and quick j relief
from Irregularities consult ma at once; my
methods are always safe,- painless and reli-
able;.! have no failures; no exorbitant, fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed cr no pay; 17 years" ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or writs
without delay; coj respondence . confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market, St., rooms 7 and 8.
A— LADIES, if you are suffering from , Irregu-
larities or any ailment you will - avoid dis-
appointments .by 'consulting I me "' first. I My
method - of treatment is positive and harm-
less and I "guarantee immediate relief from
any case or make m>' charges,- Advice free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER. 210 Kearny.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 by express. Paeteur' a
syringe and tablets:' price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. - OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale : druggists. - Seventh ',-¦ and
Broadway. Oakland. ¦ . .-_¦•¦ . .- ¦¦ .¦¦» -.' .
DR. G. W.* C DONNELL— All who are sick or
In - trouble consult > this ¦- specialist 1 on . female
. complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated:
advice t free. Office. 1018 Market st. . ¦
MItS. ? DR. WYETH,. specialist, for all female
complaints and ¦ Irregularities; Instant * relief
guaranteed: 30 years' ¦ experience. 826 Post at.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant rs-
llef .. guaranteed. ,- 1008% Market St.. opp. 6th.
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded: , confidential:
destitute free; infants to adopt; 'good homes.
¦- DR. EMILIE FyNKE. r 1416* 8th. •Alamedal
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles!
• specialist; a private home before and during
.' confinement; -best 'medical .care;, low fees.'
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Negs— Expert
In ¦ obstetrics, female complaints ; last, relief :
treatment $10; hours. > 10 to B^gS^yrs.' exper.
MRS. DR. j OWIEH, having ¦ secured 1 lease ' of
premises. . Is / permanently ¦: located- at - 611 A
' Leavenworth • at. bet. Geary * and > O* FarrelL
A—- OPEN TO-DAY,
SVKDAX. .'•
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 6S6 Clay st.
PHONE MAIN 5848.
T^«i»^f Enjployment and Labor Agents.
WB SPEAK T ~— T
SPANISH SWIES 5^?i?S
UERMAN GREEK ITALIAN
Your fare free. Look— free fare.
TO STATE OF NEVADA. _
If 3-oa stay four months. • THAT'S ALI»
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
• 265 two-horse teamsters. $60.
15fl laborers, you'll suit, $60.
»*5 drillers, rockmen, hammerEaeo, ?•». '
12 machine drillers, $90. •
i:igct hours' work: hundreds eolnr.
IN CALIFORNIA. £ _
28 laborers, big mine company. $75. $67 60.
< 13 machine miners, gold quarts, $90.
18 tauokers. gold quartz, *67 SO. ; ;
TO FARMS. DAIIUBS. ETC '
12« farm, orchard and rt ne y» r^.« baa **',. *"
orer Calif crnta. $25. $26. $30. $35 aad fd.
FA rood teamsters. $26. $30 and found-_
f.6 milkers, located everywhere, $30. K5 fd.
CHOREMEN. GAilDENERS. STABLEMEN.
38 stablemen, city, country. $S5 fd.^to $«5.
12 coachznea. chorexaea aod rous1»*>outs, J-a
aad $30 aad found. I
MECHANICAL.
« coopers: machlae blacksmiUi's helper, $75.
3 tallyraen. lumber company. $3 a day; plan-
er and sticker hands. $3 a day up.
12 blacksmiths, different Jobe.
WOODCHOPPERS. .
223 men to eut wood ail over California,
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
IB cooks for hoteJs, saloons, mines, caies,
ranches and rommer resorts. $30. $40. $&0
and $60 and found. • _
18 waiters, direrent Jobs, $25, $30. $55 fd.
32 dishwashers. 520. $25 and $30 and found.
3 hotel porters. $20. $25 and tottnd.
Cook. baker, small *hop. country, $55 found.-
. • LAUNDRYMEN.
• ¦ LacB£rymaa. dty laEtltutlon. $36 aad found.
Amalgamator. $90. • Millmaa. $90.
. ? xnachtae miaers. $90; coacentrator, $90.
Carriage painter: sticker hand. $4 a day.
18 laborers, lumber yards, $60.
. BOYS.
• 12 beys, box factories. $50.
*. rhruble-cut band sawyer, laaiber company,
. . MURRAY A RSADT. €34 and 6S6 Clay st.
BJSNCH" bands; rlaaer band.
¦ * Molder and r ticker haod; door molder.
. 6 cocsera. So barrel.
LOOK!
-• Crioremaa. milk one oow, orange grove. $30
" and Jouad.
LOOK!
f' laborers, near city. $2 25 day.
. Gasc »^pT'°, fare $1 Cj. $55 to $70 fouad.
• - SPECIAL.
• 6 plumbers. S hours, country, $4 day.
3 plasterer*. 8 hours, country. $5 day.
25 citrper.ters. 8 hours, country. $3 50 day.
Vrelperhangers, 6 hours, country. $4 day.
' 10 painters 6 hours, country. $3 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C36 day st.
.BTAEIXMAX, dtr. $75.
' "i :'s-. : : .rr..:rr. he!:>er, understaads steasi ham-
. . xncr. '
'. " * -MURRAY & READY. 634-G36 Clay st.
FARMER aad wife, cock 4 men. no other
• women. $10 and found.
r. FREE FARE.
20 miners. $2 to $3 day.
•i siarle pold quart* mine. $67 60.
3C rcuckcrs, r°Id quarts mine. $82 50.
Butekir. s!auct:ter-house. ranch, $30 found.
' "MUBRAT &¦ READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
COOK, fare *1 25, $C0.
2 bakers* helpers, city and country. $30 fd.
eCoachisan. see l^>?s here. $00 and found.
0 Choreman. private ranch. M0.
«3ook. few n-.en at mine. $30 aad found.
m . Choreman. drive milk waron, cits', $25 fd.
"VVsJtpj- for mine, north, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. G34-C36 Clay et.
••. Circular sawyer, fawmill. $100 found.
f-huurie packer, boss here, $40 found.
Teamster. Orange Grove, $45.
-. « ."horeman. Orange Grove. $40.
• a teamsters, city job. $2 25 day.
4 teampters. .V>c fare. S^aoma Co. $32 50 fd.
• Carpenter, city f4 day
• MURRAY & HEADY. 634 and 63« day st.
OWNERS!
THEY'RE HERE.
£5 siarle and double hand miners, $S2 50.
: 15 machine irMners, $90.
• -3 muckers, ib7 fiO.
f4 hand nuacrs. $S2 50.
•* Carpenter, rough work. $3 50 day.
All cood GOLD MINES.
. 'MURRAY & READY. 034 aad C36 Oay st.
. BLACKSMITH, camp. 10c fare. $3 day.
TlaFTr.ltbs. city. $3 to $4 day.'
• no shoeing, fare $1 23, $3 day.
OX TEAMSTERS.
m Ox teasister, no trucking. $75 aad found
Farmer and wife, San Mateo Co $40 fouad
. •• BAKERS— LOOK.
Biker. . mine company. $40 found
. •.•=econd cook, mine company, $40 found.
Eaker and pastry baker, hotel, near city.
S4j snd found. " :
CARPENTERS. ]
I2«carpenters. v fare $1 50, raanufaeturing com- !
ppr.y, 13 50 day.
v CRANESMAN.
Cranesman. Nevada, boss here. $4 &0 day.
2 door moldcrs, L. Co., boes here 50c fare
S2 50 to $3. '
Screw turner. S. C. Co., $75.
LAUNDRYMEN.
. .2'C;arkers, country. $18 week.
. 'Second marker, country. $13 week.
Fveisher, country $15 week
MURRAY & READY, C34 and 636 Clay st.
. • LATE SPECIALS.
C^anesman, steam shovel, £ hours day, $4 25
a day. '
«:air:p' blacksmith, near city, $3 day.
a Valnter. tec boss here. $3 to $3 50 day: stick-
rr .hands, country mill; blacksmith, countrj-
.»jhop: 3 bench hands, country planiag mill;
Ty laBorera, city job, board home, $1 75 day.
2 porters." city institution, $20 and found.
Potwasher, city institution. $25 and fouad.
• *. MURRAY & READY. <"i"4-O3t[ CUy St.
ANY fin*, that'* you. can g-et from MURRAY
& TlEADY. ••free," the book of labor, 72
fully cartooned, entitled
-LET JUSTICE PREVAIL."
" .* The Labor Problem.
By
HEJIBERT V. READY,
Author and publisher.
CC4 and 638 Clay et,.
"*" =
• BOYS, work in machine ehop, $4 week.
' 15 haymakers, ?32 60 found.
Anybody to drive team, city, $30 found.
DlEhwaEh^r, eummer rescrt, $30 found.
Second baker, exceptional good Job, $50 fd.
Port., city institution. $35 found.
• "koreiaan. orange prove, free fare, $40.
Milker, 25c fare. ?33 found,
•'horf-man and wife, ranch, Sonoma County.
S-45 found.
. Sausagemaker. 50c fare, $60 and room.
Double-tree shaper and spindle shaper, $3
• day. «
Mllkv. city dairy. f40 found.
*3ussy washer, mine town $40 found
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Hustlers to tack signs, distribute
Circulars, samples, etc.: no canvassing; rood
.pay. SUN ADV. BUREAU, Chicago.
JVANTEP—Normal teacher. $1000; Spanish.
- • rftanual training and one biological science
BlS^arrott building.
CATAELE. trustworthy, intelligent young man
• «cf good appparan'-e for lucrative pcsltion. 203
Mutual Sartngs Bank bldg.
* ajj -
MAN wanted to accent position of trust; out
of towp one preferred. ¦ Call to-day at 14
McAllister st.. rooai 10. . _^
WANTED— First-clasa Jeweler. Apply J. X.
PHILLIPS, rnfrr. Jeweler. 627 J et., Sacra-
mento. California.
JflCE clean- boys wanted for cash and other
, * purposes. Apply eupertntendent's office. The
Enpcttasii
. A DENTIST In connection with hospital; own
outfit: a snap. Address box ll«s. Call office.
¦
¦ *
FIRST-CLASS barberfor eummer resort. Box
• ji(J73. Call office.
PLATEN- press feeder, pteady position. Stand-
ard PriaLing Co.. 518 Clay st.
DETECTIVES everywhere; good salary;, no
experience.. Int'L Detec^Agcy.. Milwaukee,
%V ANTED— Partner by expert miner to go
» prospecting. Call t"25 Sansome st.
$100— 2-C1IAIR" barber shop, with 2 fnrnUned
rooms; good location. Inquire Call office,
CARPENTERS wanted at 1708 San Joee
avenue.
A — BRIGHT errand boy- wanted; good wages.
GANTNEIt & MATTERN CO., 20 Post st.
BOY 'wanted. THE PRICE CUTTER 816
Market tt.
BRIGHT -boy for office; $4 per week. Box
jk«J. Call office.
WANTED— An experienced bartender.. Box
KCS. Ca)l office.
WANT to buy two-chair barber" shop In rood
cciintry town. Box 1354. Call otflcc.-
Al SOLICITOR: big money to rirfit party. Call
J. M. EAKFORD. 137 Montgomery St., r.'39.
WAICTKD — A j-oung ambitious man to learn
ecicntlflc horsechoelng. 738 Fourth st. / "
TINSMITHS and Ehectlron workers wanted.
17 Drumm ct.
WANTED — Cabinet - makers: second - hand
work; beach. Address 1712 10th et.. Oakland.
.WANTED — Five rood carpenters. • Apply JOHJi
T. JLVRpiN, law Ehennan at., Oakland. *
_ _ MEDICAL— -ConUnaied. ; . ;V f ;
LADIES— Our * monthly ; regulator never falls;!
box free.- VITA CO. .Station A. Detroit, Mich.
DR. v ROSEN resides ' 2995 Folsom at,, corner
26th; ladles., relief .or no: fee; $10. > v ¦
YOU can obtain relief; women only. - DR. R.
H. : WEST0N.- 305 Kearny st. ; "..
DK. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market »t.
DR. NG.-> TOY KEE," 319 - Powell St.. opposite
" Union. square; all diseases cured by herbs.
;;.;; : ;_. :• mines asp' miwikoJ ¦*:*_ - _^-
FOR . r *ale— North r of . Montezuma and Thavllla
mines,' 80 acres of patented land; 2 compart-
ment shaft down 40 feet: over 12-foot ledge;
4 feet In pay rock; all that is needed is a
hoist; A. R. E. line 100 yards from shaft for
power. , For • particulars address C. EVANS.
El Dorado. -Cal. - - . . -
; M1SCELLAXEOU5— FOR 8AXJ0.
BOILERS,. enginea,:2d-hand'machin*ry. McIN-
TO3H A -WOLPMAN.; 195-197. Fremont at.
IV 4? HP.? HICKS -gasoline -.'engine , com-
"; ptete •-...:..-.-. r .; $ 150
100-llght general electric "dynamo, ''.near-.
. '. ly ' new.-. ; .--..; . ; : . .-.-. . .-. v . . . . . ... .... ... 125
86-lnch blower; with engine attached; Al. 100
. 15 :bp.: Byron Jackson steam' engine, (au-
tomatic) 's~r. ~r. : :: ~. :r.s: r. . 4. ".% v . . .-. . . r.\ 10!)
V 2 56x16 » return • tubular \ boilers : completed 950
: 18-inch" planer, (wood), -good, order. .r.$47 50
- 8 » hp." automobile gasoline : engines, ¦ com- ' ¦¦
. plete '.'. ; . t .'. .-. r.r. . . r. . . : /. . . . .*. ..."..:... 125
" - 4-inch' centrifugal • pump, •; Al * shape. /•..;. ; '. 50
12- Inch swing lathe % with- countershaft '.".' 65
• 2 - Email drill presses, serviceable, -j each . . 30
iNew blower, »anvll; tongs," etcv- 1 outfit.. "20
¦-¦'¦-¦'¦:./:¦„¦.-'. ---also - : -- ;¦-•."-.•; > >;:
: Gasoline i launch.'i 30 ft. 'long," • Thi . ft.
rbeam.ilO'.hp.'. engine; iit is ;not.our»,' but :
. j must « sell • it Jr.'r ..¦".'. J* 7-4 ;T.'V.VV". . .".: .... -'50
''{&'. hp. 1 gasoline i runabou tf not > much , used. . 000
','. Will .take '. vour '¦ order>f or < plpe,\ any • size, if
L - - not • over.; 40 > miles ; long ; I., mean \ the ' pipe ;
will ' take f anything ; else ' you've •- got ' except
' money, 'althoughiwe'need'ltibadly."' ¦: . : ''
;;rH.7 S..; WHITE, > 130; Beale : at.. . S. ; T.
DOES YOUR ROOF.: LEAK?! . - '-'.: I - -
.Repair it with elaterite;:in rolls easy to lay:-
' needs no painting or i coating; •good over, old
: iron. 'tin*- or shinjtles: b«et jfor -new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFINGiCO.. ,713 Market -if,
:> - ; "•' ~. ':'¦/. ">"• GENTLEMEN! ••' : ' ' '---¦¦ V J. ¦ '•,' ;
If you want the ¦ handiest pocketknlfe ' made,
sand a postal - for descriptive : circular of our
press button , knives. PACIFIC ' SUPPLY ¦ CO.."
' Fruitvale.l Cal... Dept. i 1 : ; 6ole i distributors.-,-
2D- HAND machinery.'- engines/ boilers, • pumps,-
- pulleys, ¦; shafting, ,. etc., ¦ etc., ' bought, v sold, ;
rented: and- exchanged; -see' Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st..
PAINT your : old and t new .metal and * shingle
roofd • with Asbestos ; Roof Paint; . guaranteed ,
to stop all leaks In the one and preserve the
new.. 205 Front st.: t«I. Main 1428.,;- ¦ *;.-
ALL " users of . talking ' machines ' are -' safe on
every gocd point if they. use Lambert Inde?
structlble Records; \ never break nor. wear
out; exchanged for 10c. 415 Kearny. st.' .
A— FINE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open. to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting. 'pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at. ¦-.
A A— INGLESIDE Poultry Yards, 807 Mt. Ver-
non ave.: largest variety of thoroughbred
esgs on. the coast. Write for price li«t: stamp.
FOR tale ¦ or trade — A fine Eteam automobile
(Geneva runabout) ; " almost new. Inquire at
12$ Fremont st.. . San - Francisco, Cal.
I GOOD brickmaklng machine with- 28 moulds.
CHRISTMAN BROS.. Eleventh and St.
Jitmes, 'San Jose. . .
SECOND-HAND lumber of all kinds; «panel
and glasa doors. Plumbing goods at old Tiv-
011 Opera-house, on Eddy et.. near Mason.
TRY our men's, shoes at $1 and $150 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free..
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 60 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St., near
Pine ; open to 9 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
OLD ' school -.'building for sale; Lombard St..
-near Powell. In rear of new one. Apply
HENRY JACKS, Builders' Exchange.
ANDERSON'S poultry yards. 29 Vicksburg. nr.
Twenty-third: thor. Minorca Brahmas B,P.
; R. eggs; clucking hens. .- . ..- /
PIGEONS — 35 ¦ dozen>- Homers, i Runts, crosses
- and Dragons; all mated; for sale, cheap.
362 San Carlos ave.. near21st^6t. , .
FOR sale— 100 H. , P. " firebox marine boiler In
fine condition; cheap. BAY CITY" IRON
WORKS. Oakland.
i . '
BULL terrier pups;'prire winning stock; sire
Banjo; dam. Bloomsbury Queen.. Inquire at
¦345 Jersey st. ,, ; -; ,. . ; _ ¦ . • .
FOR sale — Oil barrels, drums - and tanks.
GEORGE PARTRIDGE & CO., 123 Cali-
fornia st. - ' ' . ' ' -
NATIONAL cash register; total adder; also
Hall's safe, cheap. 72 Geary st.
FOR sale — Male fox terrier pups, nine weeks
old: $5 each. Apply 22 .Twelfth St..
"RELIABLE" gas range, perfect condition;
cheap. 2026 Golden Gate ave. (rear), p
. FOR. sale-^-Fresh goat and kid. Appjy at 430
Duncan st., near Sanchez.
GENTLEMAN'S 3-stone diamond ring; ticket,
for sale. Box 1940, Call office. /.
SIX H. P. gas engines for sale. BAY CITY
s» IRON WORKS. Oaklarfd.
CHICKS. 10c each*. 3993 Twenty-third St..
cor. Noe, or inquire grocery.
PRINTERS — Bargains in Job presses; complete
outfits. . HOAG. 613 Market st.
$7 — DOMESTIC sewing machine in good order;
attachmentH. 1571 Market at. • - |
A COW for sale. 2723 Howard St., after Mon- '
day. .•¦¦:" • ' ' " . -
PIPE.' Second-hand.' all sizes; brass and iron
fittings. ¦ THOMPSON. 40 Main . Bt.
ELASTIC stockings. $2. Factory.' 40 EIHs
Btrect.
STEAM locomobile in gocd condition. Inquire
659 Howard st. . - . -
REFRIGERATORS, cooling-rooms built eco-
nomic, effective. 1511 19th ave.. Sunset dist.
00,000 FEET second-hand 4x12 pln<* "Address!
202, Seventeenth st.; telephone Folsom 2326.
FOR sale at a bargain — First-class. Smith
Lvpewriter. Box 3tffiS. Call office.
LAUNCH, hunting cab.In; 6 H.P.; 28 feet. Ad-
dress 1435 Park St.. Alameda. . .
IMPROVED Wood printing presses, gasoline
engines. . Boyer Machine Works,- 40 Spear st.
ROUND camping tertts for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 319 Third st.: tel. Main 413.-
FANCY pigeons; new imported varieties; -send
for list. C. WILSON. 229 Stevenson at.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes.- ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg*y.
A TENT for rent or sale, ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO.,35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush 858
BOOKS bought; libraries .purchased. King's
Old Bookntore. <il. McAllister st.
STEEL lined safe. 1800 pounds. $125. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 181« Market et. v
BARGAINS ¦ In fine diamonds - and watches:
-easy payments. OARIN,'803 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. ;': Sykes-Corson Co..- -254 Beale st. •
SAFES ¦ and registers, I new and- second-
hand.- I. FREEMAN. ; 1329 Market St.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1' to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt
BLOT ' machines cheap; Chlcagoes,' Twentieth
Centuriee. -Pucks. BACIQALUPI. 933 Market.
SAFES— New and second -hand. THE HER-.
MANN- SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st. -
MOVING, pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargain's. Bullard &.Breck..l31 Post St. •.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market at. . . :
GASOLINE engines/ automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont et. .
; .- • y ; M'SCKjMLANKOPS WAimi.^^r'
CALIFORNIA' Housewrecker: Co. .cays the
highest : price for buildings and will remove
the largest building in 10 days. Office and
yard N.-W. corner Mission and, Tenth sts. '
WANTED — 2d-hand . stereopticon ; . must . be
cheap.>C.- McCarthy. 769 Market; upstairs.
A BICYCLE wanted -.with 'coaster: brake.
; ALEX ; BOND. Printer,": 632 Market : st.
WANTED— Old *' gold for ¦ manufacturing. ' O.
?NOLTE, Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell at.'? ; :\ >
MORRIS gives . highest- prices < for ladles' and
, ¦ gents* • caatoff • clothing; » postal. - 943 Folsom.
SHOES wanted; misfit & castoff ; highest prcs.;
new .& 2d-hand shoes for gale. 749 Mission.
. yy ; MONEY. TO: LOAN. , ;
THE ¦ United Loan . and -Trust . Co., 21 < Stockton
st: (upstairs)," loans money on diamonds.- Jew-
; elry ' and .valuables ' at -2 ' per. cent 'per month;
.. absolute privacy.'-^ Phone, Bush 484....-; : .-
MONEY loaned on diamonds, ' Jewelry," sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault ts protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN ; OFFICE/ 25 , Stockton ; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned i to ' salaried • people, : retail ' mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
- security: easy s payments; . large > business I in
46 principal . cities.- Tolman, . 653 Parrott ¦ bid.
1H per, cent' on ¦furniture and pianos;' no com.
charged.- ELFVING, 610 Hearst bldg., Ex. eut.
i "eTiw sswiisi ru asVaf inrn iisiTnii** 'awn A \i\mmtmm nix iniifh iiiiii^gi ¦ ¦ frsTT riVf^riJfiTtri^
HELP WANTED— .MALE— Con tlmaed.
AT THE CAL. ' EMP. AGENCT.
14 Third at., near Call bid*; phone Bush 403.
[ THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U. 8. GOVERNMENT WORK. .
- 25 teamsters $6750 a month.
15 laborers, $80 a month. •'•
10 drillers, : rockmen, / bammersmen, $75.
Edgerman." Redwood. $6S a month aad board.
2 men to cut pine wood, 4 feet. $1 25 ccrd.
FOR THE SAW MILLS. •¦
* lumber pliers,- $3 a day.
§ Trimmer hand. $40 . month ' and ; board.
Tall edcerman " »40 month and board.
4 swampers, f 35 month and board.;
4 lumber pliers and yardmen.^ $35 month and
board. ¦ "¦ ;_•¦¦.. . .- .
4 mill hands, $35 month and board.
FOR BASH AND DOOR FACTORY— EAST.
¦ • - .Fare advanced..; • - _¦
. Call early Monday morning.
Si machine hands. $3 60 a day.'.
2 factory hands, $2 50 a day. .
Sticker hand. $3 50 a day. -•
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. ;> - .14- Third. St.
'"**-": ¦ V ' ¦ ' - -*""'»--
Good positions open for . sober. - Industrious
men en cable and electric cars • In • San , Fran-
cisco. Are 25 to 85 year?.* weight 150 pounds j
and upward; height, conductors. 5;. feet K 7H <
Inches to 6 feet; motormen ' and : grlpmen, .• 6 !
feet 8H laches . to 6 feet. • Permanent, steady
work. Apply promptly. Klal to Building, San
Francisco. California.. •;\-;"~ i
IZZZI ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦' ¦¦ -
COLLECTOR wanted: salary $75 per month.
Apply room 218, 997 Market at.. 10 a. m. ;
WANTED— Bright boy about 16 years old.
Apply room 01. Delger building, Oakland.
, ; — ; 1
SNAP — 2-chalr barber shop: complete: 2 living
rooms: furnished;. $65. 821 Harrison st. -.
BARBER shop for sale. - 799 Geary st.
BARBERS — For sale, best paylng~2-chalr shop
in. the Mission; transfer, corner. - Box 1756,
Call office. ¦
FOR sale, cheap, barber's back case for two-
chair shop. 1304% Valencia st.
CUSTOM-HOUSE examinations for appoint-
ment as Day Inspector, Night Inspector.
Clerk. Messenger. Assistant .Weigher. Sam-
pler and Watchman, will ' be held In Ean
Francisco in July; applications must be filed
toon. Circular 157, giving particulars as to
positions, salaries, sample questions, etc.,
pent free by National Correspondence Insti-
tute. Pacific Coast Office, 927 Market St.. S.F.
EARN better salary and position; study elec-
tricity, mechanical engineering, telegraphy,
by correspondence; thousands successful. T.
A. Edison Indorses Institute; book, "Can I
Become an Electrical Engineer?" free, Elec-
trical Engineer Institute. New York.
¦ UNCLE SAM wants help; 14,000 appointments
1903; free exam, caper & catalogue giving
. positions and Ealarles.Dept.C.WesternCorresp.
"University. 925 Golden Gate ave.. San Fran.
$1 EVERY HOUR you work, placing Allen's
. Kushton Komfort Shoes; outsell everything;
NO RISK. Call or write, Kushlon Komfort
Agency. 1233 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7, for free information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc; day
; or evenlngr. • .
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
; talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 478 Parrott .building.
$75 — STEADY man for a light manufacturing
buslaess; one who is wllllag to work; expe-
rience not necessary. 310 Folsom et.
i FIRST-CLASS pantemaker. WILLIAM "T.
i VALENTINE, 51-53 McAllister st.
| A GOOD Flgnpalnter for a northern town. Box
. 3675. Call office. '
BARBER shop for sale. Apply at 1855 Mis-
, sion tt.
WANTED — Young man stenographer and type-
writer; references; age; salary. Box 3119,
Call.
WANTED— Office boy about 15 years old;
must have eighth grade education ' and live
with parents. Box 3659, Call. .
A STRON'P boy about 15 to learn the hard-
ware business. Apply 414 Market st. < ¦
HOTEL barber shop for tale cheap at 532U
Third st.
BARBER shop for sale. Hopkins St., ' two
doors. from P. O., upper Fruttvale.
I SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Alaska and
Australia. LANE'S. 504 Davle st.
WANTED — Coachman who . thoroughly under-
stands his business in every detail: must
furnish unquestioned references as to abil-
ity and character. Apply, stating wages ex-
pected, to S R. C, box *651/ Call office.
WANTED — Stenographer by wholesale gtocer:
bright youth, living with parents; no cigar-
ette smoker need apply; state age, experience
if any, salary and references. Box 3658, Call.
BARBERS— We will tell the 6-chalr shop. 226
Montgomery St.. to the highest bidder. Mon-
day, May 2; send sealed bid. Inquire DECK-
ELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolfata. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 netS rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third *t. ; 250 rooms; 2Gc to 60c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.,Exam. bid.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r. 415.
COATMAKER or bushelman for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS. A CO.. 24 Sutler st.
YOUNG man to learn' barber trade; wages
while Iea.rnine. 741A Howard ct. .
YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters,
green bands, for ships. Herman's, 27 Steuart,
Pension Any.. E. A. Bullls, r. 40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Oto. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
l'.'t — 700 rooms; 25c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus aad baggage to and from terry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market «., opposite Fifth.
Op»n until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. f>63 MUslon St.. bet. 1st and 2d.sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c SC3 MtsFlon si. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WAHTtl) — BOUCTTOKB.
WE want energetic men; men *vbo have bad
actual experience in placing securities;"- wo
offer permanent, profitable, high-closs em-
ployment; this Is an exceptional chance for
men who are thoroughly capable, as we In-
tend to select the most able men and give
them control of valuable territory to man-
age; applications will be considered only
from men who can furnish satisfactory refer-
ences. Write or call ¦ for full particulars,
REAL ESTATE SECURITY CO., 139 Mont-
gomery st. .
HEU WAITTEO-SALEgKCT.
WANTED— By established ' firm, scheme or
specialty men to sell exceedingly attractive,
salable line; special -terms; unique induce-
ments; high priced men Investigate. Sales
Dept.. 21 Atwater St., Detroit, . Mich. • -.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
DON'T fall to attend the .big auction sale of
horses, buggies, wagons and ¦ harness, . Mon-
• day. May 2. at II o'clock, at. 122 Grove at.
S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near . Black Diamond, . Contra . Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. S. F.
WANTED— Coach horse about 16.3 hands 1250
pounds. 2955 Eacramento Et.
FOR SALE — Cheap, light surrey and wagon;
good as new." 2955 Eacramento st.
WANTED— A good, sound driving: horse. Box
3248, Call office. ' /
WANTED— A sound 'and gentle home for de-
Uvery wagon. Box 1753. Call '. office. • ¦
FINE horse for sale. 6 years otd7"genUe; broke
for lady to ride. -Box 1908. Call office.
PACER, 125; top wagon and -harness $25,
suitable for camping; bugxy. 2728 Bryant st.
ALL kinds of buggies,' rorreysj wagons, carts,
new and old, cheap. .1504-8 Folsom- st. -*TZ-
FOR SALE— Mare .5 years - old : ; gentle. : . Box
1890. Call office. ,. ¦. -
WANTED— One' or ' two "heavy 'horses 'for
teaming. 'Box 1934, Call- offleii,- 1 -
:• - WJNET TO - LOAN— Continued.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. - -
•" ¦¦-.•ii^i 601-602-603 Examiner Bulldlnir.
' Quick settlements: no disappointments.
¦ Save expenses by ' dealing ¦ directly, v. -
Estates, second- mortgages.' undivided Inter**
ests; assignments of rents; property In trukt,
. etc; legacies, life estates 'and undivided In-
terests -in property . purchased. -
Courteous ' treatment. ' ' Strictly ¦ confidential.
•- . . .'¦': -.When You Need Money -I
. Bee HERMAN MURPHY. ./ ¦
. MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST ' 5% " AND 6 PER CENT. "
, APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK..
Any amount advanced on city, Oakland, town
. aod country real estate. ¦
Second mortgages,- estates in probate, undl- i
vided I Interests in real estate, property in
trust: loans closed promptly. ' ¦ : ¦•'.-¦
MANHATTAN , SAVINGS BANK,
107-8-9 CROCKER BUILDING.
POST AND MARKET STS. Q
'.- '.": WILL LOAN
- A reasonable amount on ' • ' ¦
; lst.:2d or 3d' /.
. . Mortgage, . on r«al estate or
Chattels, in-city,' town
or* country. .
. Low ¦ rate . of Interest- .
' - Give. full particulars ->
of property , or chattels.
¦'¦¦ '.*. .-? Location, '' etc ¦
: . Box 408. Call office. -
A. A. . DO .YOU NEED MONEY T T ?
. .; Loans on furniture and pianoa without re-
moval; 1c west rates and easiest plan in city:
don't hesitate to call: Information cheerfully
¦ given;' no publicity; reliable and square deal-
ing. PEOPLE'S TRUST CO..
825 MARKET.ST.. ROOM 4C2. PARROTT Bld«
SALARY -LOANS—
'¦;•«- Money loaned salaried people without seeur-
; !ty or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
: v call ; and - get ; terms. ,- Drake, ¦ 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY-' amount \ quickly .. on ; furniture ; or , . piano.
»: without- removal; or other security; no com.;
! fairest rates;* strictly confidential. National
.Credit, Co... 68 Donohoe.bldg.. 1170 Market st.
THE United i Loan and - Trust ! Co.*. - 21 Stockton
' : Bt. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, Jew-
- elry and valuables at '2 ; per .cent per month;
.absolute privacy.'* . Phone Bush 484. ... ' • .
HIGHLY^ respectable '. private * place .to obtain
.' '- liberal ¦ advances : on - diamonds, • }a we'.ry. at ¦ 2
: ¦ per v- cent ¦; Interest -.¦ Baldwin Jewelry j 8tore,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
AT lowest rates on furniture and plano«: strict
I .¦prJvacy;no<comrhlsaion;lnstallm.ents accepted.
I BONELLI, . 301', Eddy. *¦ Conservatory j building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
¦; no ¦ commission ; , no > publicity; - : $25 , up; quick,*
quiet,*, confidential.' 26 Montgomery; st.', rm. 7.
MONEY j to loan , on .low Interest; ! gold." silver,
• dlamonds,< pearls and ' precious ' atones bought '
• at W.; J.-HESTMAL'S.UO.SIxthst. ' - ,;
STAR ; Loan i Co.*: of .Wyomlag :' loans money ' to
salaried employes. . ¦ R. 311. Mutual ¦ Sav.,- Bk."
". bid.;: Oakland office, 1103 % Brdwy.; suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN. OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
.' LOANS FROM; $1 TO $10.000. ...
NEW ; easy, method— To wage 'earners on ; unln-
" dorsed . notes; absolute privacy." Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle : bldg. '
TO ' salaried ¦ people without security: on furnl-
•Jure. indorsed notes and-Other security.',. S.- F.'
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg. T
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortrages.
. life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
MONEY '.to loan on gilt edge real estate. Call
997 Market st.. room 212. :~ .
ALL loans on diamonds, and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5CS Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indonier. MORELL. 609 Examiner building:.
llOXtSY;' WASTED.
WANTED — $'J250: one. or two years; good se-
curlty. Box 3737. Call office.
A SPLENDID BARGAIN LIST: •
1 Erard; upright; good order:.... $50
i 1 Bcrd; upright; good order 60
1 Belmont; new; walnut case.. 140
I -Sterling;, walnut case 165
1 Lelns; walnut case; fine order 175
1 Mendelssohn; oak case 19<>
1 Rudolph: used three months' 215
1 Chickering; ebony case .....225
1 Curtaz; mahogany case; used 18 mo... 260
1 Steck: full size rosewood case.. SCO
1 Stelnway: fine order 329
1 Vose: mahogany case; used 7 mo.... 340
1 Knabe; used one year: walnut case; easy
payments: fully guaranteed. BENJ. CUR-
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
PIANOS for rent; $3 pet month: the largest
• . and best stock In San' Francisco to select
from; planosfrom $30 upward; our line the
best our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
'-PIANO CO., -5(50-64 Hayes st.
RENTING Is our specialty; $2 up; apply en
purchase; Installments $4 up. HEINE)
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.; Oakland, 1252
Broadway^ \ - :
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos
$25; uprights. $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 30 i Post St.. .
Al PIANO salesman for outside closing is
open for engagement. ; Box 1792, Call.
' STECK upright piano — Want lot or what have
you? Box 1921, Call office.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos almost
given away.. HORN UNG, 216 McAllister st.
$165 — STEIN WAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stetnway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shonlnger, little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
SOI1MEH. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FINE- office-room, choice central location,
cheap. W. F. CUMMINS. 240 Montgomery st.
GOOD, bright, ..airy basement, centrally lo-
cated, ¦ for storage purposes.. 4<JOV4 . Natoma.
TAYLOR, -125 — Large suite of front rooms,
suitable for office; gocd location.
DEVISADERO, 1242— Store;, good business lo-
cation. ¦ -
FOLSOM, 935— Large airy store: well lighted;
also 3 larze rooms; yard: will lease, .
STORE" ami 2 rooms to rent, • 719 Fulton st.,
near Buchanan;- rent $17 50. • i>
EIGHTH, 225^4— Store and two rooms, yard;
water free; $12 50. ' ' |
offices wanted: I
WANTED — To rent, ground floor office space;
central location; window space preferred.
Address box 3U»1. Call office. •
PARTNERS WANTED.
$1000— PARTNER; lady or "gentleman: good
paying proposition. Box 1892. Call, office.
BUSINESS PEBSOKAI.S. :"»¦
MY own hair" at 60:(wrlte for picture): prove
value of method :.for - preserving hair and, ,
- color; it 'does same for you! KUSTER,
-.¦ hair ¦ doctor. . 1U>2 .Franklin et.. Oakland.
PALJUtTllY.
THE miraculous cure of Isabelle Farrell of
Berkeley by the advice of ISM AR, the Won-
der, on page 38. ..
MADAME ' DEVAS. ¦ • pal mist - and astrologer.
Llebes bldg.. 139 Post ; st. : hours 10 to 8. -..
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
... Taylor. St., near Geary.' Phone Black 561. .
MME. NEERGARD,. located at 242 Post; hours
¦•-' 1 to 5 ! dally. - Phone James _lr_' Classes.. _-_¦¦¦
PAnrrroo, FAPEBgAjfonr o. rTC.
PAINTING, « papering and : tinting done cheap;
all work done first class. Tel. Larkln 4171.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEON*.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market at., bet. 6th and 7th: partlcu-
¦ lar ¦ attention ; paid '. to - diseases of > women.
BLOOD '¦¦ skin and rectal diseases - a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st. ' ,... .
REMOVED--DR. . WONG HIM," herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body: . for
past four ' years at 115-117 - Mason ; now lo-
- cated at 667 Geary St. , near . Leavenworth.
DR.: TONG PO CHY, - successor to Dr. LI • Po
-Tal. .herb doctor.' curee all diseases of human
by. use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WQNO WOO. the famous herb doctoir — All dli*
_ eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746- S Clay, st.
' PROPOSALS.
OFFICE otr C. f- Q.TM.I Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.. 'April : 27, 1904.— Sealed . proposals, In
: triplicate, ; will • be ¦} received here until 11
• o'clock ; a. m;. * May.' 28, • 1904, < for, furnishing
fuel at military posts in this department for
"i ¦ fiscal ; year > commencing" , July , 1; . 1904.' •¦ Inf or-
¦ ». matlon ; furnished ¦ here or ¦ by. quartermasters
, - at > pests. - .* U.-. S.i reserves • the ' right ¦¦ to : reject
. or s accept ¦ any > or .; all * proposals r. or, any part
•thereof. 1 .- -'Envelopes -.containing- 'proposals
should ¦/ be i marked : ,', "Proposals < for Fuel :
. at — »-.. addressed F. G, ¦ Hodgson. C Q. i±.TO ARRIVE.
AMERICAN BARK SEA KING.
WHICH FINISHED A LONG AND
STORMY PASSAGE YESTERDAY.
TO SAIL.
NOTE — The high and low wat-rs occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Foit Point: the height
of tide. is the came at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Polnu entrance to San Francisco
¦ Bay. Published by official authority of
thrt Superintendent. ¦ v
Sun, Moon and Tide.
, The Time Ball on the towsr ofthe
building was dropped exactly at noon to-dav
I. «... at noon of the 120th meridian cr lt~l
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge
Time Ball.
Branch HydrograjAIc Office, U. S N m«'
Sff&'SSS^aS FraDcilco: '
Steamer. For.' ~~ sails.
g 5 " 1 . 81 ?: Valdes & Way Torts.. May 1
Humboldt 1 Skagway & Way Ports. May 1
Dolphin......! Skagway & Way Ports. May 4
A kl......... Skngway & Way Ports. May I
City Seattle. I Skagway & Way Ports. May 6
Karallun..... Skagway & Way Ports. May h
Corwln | Nome \ May 12
Bertha ....... I Valdez & Way Ports! May 10
, ' : J ARRIVED,
¦ - -'Saturday, April 30. "'
¦¦ U S stmr Concord,' Perkins. -9 days from Ac
apulco,, 17; days t from '; Panama.
Shipping: Intelligence.
I SUNDAY, MAY 1.
Sun rises 5 :H
Sun rets ........ ~ ."...... 7 :CG
Moon : rises ..'...'.:...;¦. ; .....8:50' p; "ni.
O iTImef Time) Tlme| ~Tlma~
g| 1 Ft. Ft. ! Ft. Ft.
t» |L \V| H W) LTV) , H W
1 I G-.25— 0.4 1:23 4.91 «:12 2.6 . .777777".
ill W :- L W - H W L W -
2 10:25 -5.7 7:15 — 0.4 2:17 4.7 rt:37 3.6
"3 1:OT 5 5.4 8:02 — 0.3 3:12 4.6 7:4« 3 2
4 1:52 5.0 8:521 0.0 4:07 4.« R:40 ' :f.s
5 2:45 4.7 l>:45| 0.4 5:05 4.6 10:02 32
= 6 .1:42 ."4/110:755! 0.7 6:00 4.6 11:20 32
•T 4:48J' 4.0|U:29| 1.0| 6:40 4.6 ..... ... . .
NOTE— In the above' exposition' of tb» tides
the early morning tides are stven 1 1< the left
hand column and the Buccesslvis tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to tlm«; th«
Tourth time; column gives the. last tide of the
day, i except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs.- .The heights given are In
addition to the soundings* of. the. United States
Coast Survey^ charts, except when a ulnus (— )
<lgn precedes the height, and then the number
given It • oubtracted I from the ' depth : given by ;
the charts.. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the •. lower ¦ low waters. ' : ¦ •'
FUOM SEATTLE.
To Central America — 2000 bbls • flour. ,' 2800
gals.12.es wine, : 35 cs .whisky. 0 pkgs bottled
beer. <J •' o» ¦ liquors, '^5 en mineral water 1723
lb« tea, SI . pkgs - table preparations, 453 Ibs
dried fruit. 11,090 lbs rice, 21 pkga paste, 8
C3 bread, 12 pkss potatoes and onions, > 317 C3
asnorted canned roods, 57.' cs canned salmon,
2507 lbs eplees, 28 pkgs groceries and provis
ions, * 1100 lbs raisins, 515 lbs nuts, 43 pkgs
dry goods. IT pkgs paper. 0 pkgs acid, 120 keg*
powder. 40 cs coal oil, 20 bdl» boiler. tubes, 42
bdls 129 pc? ' iron, ' 100 pkgs- pipe, 31.000 lb«
cement, 15 bdls sacks., 11.197 lbs tallow. 8 bdla
leather, Zincs' tar. ¦¦ fi pkgs sewing-machines.
128 pkgs machlnery,.O c» drugs, 75 pkgH paints
and olls^ 5 flasks quicksilver, 10 colls rone
15,700 ft\lumber. • . - - i ¦',-¦!•¦
'To Panama— 11 r pkgs groceries "and provls.
Ions. C(> cs: canned roods,. 4 cs whisky, 10. cs
di urs. ¦ 2 ' bbls . cement. 4 . cs ' paints, 12 . cs to
boeco,' 1<» bscs soap, v - , v . ¦/ »-.
: To Colombia — 115 bbls flour, 40 cs J salmon,'
0 cs canned goods. , -. 270 : gals • wine, * 2 crts po
tatoea and r onions. * -¦ ¦ - - -.--..¦ --. .,<
To New York— 46.540 gals , wine. 'BS . gain
brandy, 17.100 lbs ' dry hides, 200,128 ' Ibs pig
lend. M : bdls ' Junk, ¦ 100,040 lbs asphaltum,
36.023 lbs wool, 1 cs dry godds. ' ¦
.... To JamaJca — 100 cs : canned salmon. ' ¦'¦¦¦
~>To' Barbadoes Island— 200 cs canned salmon.
To British ' Guiana — 100 cs canned salmon.
To . Mexico— 45,000 !ba bruestone, 8740 lbs
tallow, 78 pkgs. machinery, ito bdla shooks, ;n
pkgs sewing machines, 1H> kegs nails,, 21 bdls
hardwood, 0 ' carboys acid, 2 pkgs drugs *>6U5
lbK raisins/ 481 >rals wine, 137 lbs dried fruit
4 pkgs groceries and provisions, 20 pkgs paste
200 lbs raisins. - . '- |J » j. 1 "™** 1 ,
The steamer City of Panama sailed yester
day for Panama and way ports with a general
merchandise cargo, ; valued at ?77,S33, to be
distributed an, follows: For .Mexico. $0088-
Central America. 532.133; Panama, $000 ¦ Co
lombia. Vf 841; New York.. $33,112; Jamaica
$400: Barbadoes Island, : ?8Oo; .Dutch Uulana'
$400 ; Germany. ?150. . The • leading,- exports
were us follows: ¦ ' ¦ -* . .
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
The steamer Nevadan, which sailed on Fri
day for Honolulu and Kahului, carried an as
sorted merchandise cargo consigned to the
wsrtB of call and other island ports, valued
at 5UU.WKJ, and Including the following: 030
bbls flour, feo.800 lbs rice, 23,47.% lbs sugar
0503. lba beans. 510 pk E s potatoes, f01 pkgn
fieeh fruits, 10 pkgs fresh WKttablea, 4700 ctls
barle^, 104,231 lbs bran, .-.2.463 lbs middlings,
SOO tons fertiliser, Otf ctls wheat, - 20 ctls
corn, C39 bales hay, 63 ctla oats. 40,800 lbs
salt, 2!sOO lbs 57 cs meals, 7620 lbs lard 10S7
Ibh dxled ifiah. 11.760 -lbs codfish, 277 pkgs
paste, 1049 es assorted canned goods, 2S0 pkgs
uroceries and provisions. B" cs dried fruit
1625 lbs 3 cs cheese. 01(K> ibs ham and bacon!
2211 lba 225 ca bread. 6o bbls 20 kit* pickled
salmon, 00 cs canned salmon, 39<J3 lbs coffee
41 cs baking powder, 704 Ibs 12 pkgs butter.
5 cs honey. 1240 lbs 2 chests tea, 10,359 lbs
2S pkes manufactured tobacco, 0175 cs coal
«ll.- 125 cs gasoline, 144 pkgs dry*- good* 27
ca hats end caDS. 74 ca boots and Bhoes, 19
bales twine, 0275 lbs asphaltura. 10 pkga rubber
roods. 22 pkgs acid. 2^' colls rope, 18 Mis HO
pes steal, .02 bdls la pes pipe, 11!) bdls 104 pes
Iron. 210 rkgs paints and oils, 30 pkgs drugs
and sundries, 83 c« soap, 0.1,100 lbs 170 bxs
tin plate, 1.145 bdls "hooks, coo druma cement.
200 bbls lime. 10 bdle boiler tube*. 157 cs
matches, 220 ca candles, 108 pkgs nails, 611
pkgs railroad material, 00 pkgs ice plant, 5
pkgs machinery, 3 cs arm/i and ammunition. 7
bdls brooms, 7 pkgs leather. ,440 gals distil
late, 8!M live ' hogs, 13 coopB live poultry 1
horse, 2775 pals , 7 cs wine, 5fK) gals 23 ci
whisky, 1W casks bottfcd beer, 5 cs liquors, «
cs mineral water, . •
Merchandise for Hawaii.
The schooner General Banning is chartered
for merchandise to Mexican ports and the bark
Santiago returns to Honolulu with general
csrzo.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
JCE\\S OF 'THE OCEAX.
The Pacific Mail Company's r.team
ship City of Panama sailed yesterday
for the isthmus and way ports. She
carried a full cargo and more than a
score oft passengers. *
Panama Liner Sails.
Steamer. I Destination. , Sails. Pier.
¦ . • ¦ ¦ May 1. . |
W. Kruger. Lob Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 2
Spokane.... Humboldt l:30pPier 8
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
— May 9. - ¦ : .
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
Chehalls... Willapa Harbor.... 5 pm Pier —
Rainier Eeattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
. May 3.
Arcata Coos B. & Pt.Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Elizabeth.. Coquille River .... 8 pm Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
S.Cruz San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
May 4.
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B Pier 18
Arctic Humboldt. 9 am Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt l:3upPier 8
Mays. |
Iaqua .. Humboldt 1 pm Pier 1
Porno Pt Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
L'matnia. .. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Sierra. . Bydney & Way... 2 pm Pier . 7
May 6. - .
Coronado.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 amPkr 10
May 7. • » . ,
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Rontta Newport & Way.. S am Pier lr'
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier S
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Mongolia... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Curacao. . . . Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
May 8.
Nfiwburg... Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier 10
May 0.
North Fork. Huruboldt B pm Pier 20
G, Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 p'm Pier 10
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
. . May 10.
Senator Puget Sound Ports. II am Pier S
The steam schooner Fulton, which
went ashore at Pqrt Orford February
6, was pulled off Friday night by. the
steamer Despatch and in j tow of that
vessel started yesterday afternoon -for
this port. The tug Sea Rover left here
yesterday to meet and assist the Dis
patch. The Fulton left Astoria Feb
ruary 3 for San Francisco. She went
Into Port Orford February 6 to re
plenish her coal supply and was driven
on the beach. Her mainmast snapped
off and her deckload was washed away.
While attempting to get ashore . the
second mate and a seaman were
drowned. For a time It was feared the
Fulton would become a total loss.
Fnltoii Is Again Afloat.
Steamer. . From. " I Due.
Xakroe San Pedro May I
Elizabeth • Coquillo River May 1
Wellington... Oyster Harbor May 1
Enterprise... Hilo May 1
W. Kruge'r... Humboldt May 1
Eureka...;.. Humboldt May 1
UmatUIa Puget Sound Ports ...May 1
Argo: Eel Kiver- Ports.. May 1
Alliance...*.. Portland & Way PorU. May 2
6. Barbara... San Pedro .May 2
Cheballs San Pedro May 2
Montara Seattle May 2
China China and Japan. May 2
Arctic Humboldt May ' 2
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma May 2
State of. Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. May 2
Pomona...... Humboldt May 2
Acapulco New York via Panama. May 2
Mlneola Tacoma .-, . May 3
Czarina...... Coos Bay May 3
Porno Point Arena & Albion. May 3
Hero Oyster Harbor .May 4
OreKon Portland St Astoria May 4
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. May 4
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. May 6
Spokane Humboldt May 5
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt Arena May S
Newburg. . . . Grays Harbor May 5
Coronado Grays Harbor '...May B
North Fork.-.. Humboldt [May 6
Sequoia...... Wlliapa Harbor....... ,|May 8
Senator Pusret Sound Ports IMay «
O. Dollar Grays Harbor- ..:... ...IMay «
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor May 7
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way PU. May ' 8
Jeanle Seattle A Tacoma...... May 8
O. W. Elder.. 'Portland & Astoria. .... May 9
San Pedro Grays Harbor May 10
Alatneda Honolulu ..iMaylO
City Puebla.. x*uget Sound Ports. .. .|May 11
The American bark Sea King, Cap
tain Dcm-llng, arrived yesterday after
a long and stormy passage from New
castle, Australia. She brought ~2170
tons of coal, the temperature of which
was kept within the safety limits in
spite of the length of time it was in
the hold and notwithstanding that the
bad weather made the necessary ven
tilating an .operation of considerable
difficulty. The Sea King left New
castle January 9 and for the first three
weeks of the voyage battled with
easterly gales. She crossed the equa
tor 74 days out in longiture 156 west.
In latitude 28 north, longitude 172 west,
the Sea King encountered three days
of northeasterly ¦¦ gales, during which
several sails were blown away. The
passage occupied 112 days. (
Sea King's Long Voyage.
The Theodor arrived here March 8
from Rotterdam after a long and
stormy passage. Unable to round
Cape Horn, she changed her course
and came by way of the Cape of Good
Hope.
The Norwegian ship. Theodor narrow
ly escaped serious damage, if not de
struction, yesterday afternoon, by
drifting ashore on the northwestern
extremity of Goat Island.
The Theodor was at anchor off Lom
bard-street" wharf,- ready" to sail for
Puget Sound. She is in ballast and her
high sides offered a substantial sur
face to the brisk nortnwester which
tore her away from her anchorage and
gradually forced her' along, in spite
of her mud hook's grip on the bottom,
tp the rocky shore of Yerba Buena.
Superintendent William Manning erf
the Spreckels Towboat Company was
the first on shore to note the Theodor'3
danger and he promptly dispatched the
tugs Dauntless and Reller to the ves
sel's assistance. The tugs got along
side the helpless windjammer not a
moment too' soon. The tradjtion-worn
biscuit, thrown with ordinary dexterity
from the Theodor's deck, would have
landed high and dry on the steep slope
of the island. As usual under such
circumstances, . however, nobody
thought of throwing the hardtack and
in a few minutes after the tugs had
got alongside there was a satisfactorily
wide stretch of water between the
Theodor and Yerba* Buena's rocky
beach. ; ' , '
The vessel was towed to a more shel
tered anchorage and securely heoked
to the mud." v
YOUTHFUL TRAVELER '
ARRIVES IN CHICAGO
Five- Year-Old Boy, Who Left Phila
delphia for This ' City, Is Bring
Well Cared For by Railroads.
CHICAGO, April 30. — Fred Coggs
hlll, 5 years old, left at S o'clock to
night for the Golden Gate. He has
been made the special charge of the
transcontinental railroads from Phila
delphia to San Francisco. The Grand
Trunk Railway brought him to Chi
cago, where he was transferred and
placed In the special care of the agent
of the Chicago. Milwaukee and St.
Paul, which road, in connection with
the Union Pacific and th? Southern
Pacific, will land him in Oakland,
where his father will meet him next
Wednesday morning.
This is one of the longest trips ever
made by so young a child and the rail
roads show interest in him in order
to show how they can safely handle
children on trips of this character.
Cisco Selected for the Varsity
Debating Team.
HARVARD LAW SCHOOL
HONORS CALIFORNIA^
Alfred Bertram Wcilcr of Snn Fran-
CAMBRIDGE. Mass., April 30.—Al
fred Bertram Weiler of San Fran
cisco, a second year snecial student in
the Harvard law school, has been se
lected for the varsity debating team,
which will meet Princeton In the an
nual forensic contest on May 8 at
Sanders' Theater. Cambridge. Weller
is a 1903 graduate of the University
of California. : •
Narrowly Escapes Extradition.
CHICAGO. A^rll 30. — A writ of ha
beas corpus secured at the Ia3t mo
ment prevented the extradition of
Captain John Healy, mine promoter
and Alaskan explorer, from Chicago
to New York to-day. In custody of
a New York detective. Captain Healy
was about to be taken to a train
bound for New York when Captain
Healy's attorney produced a writ of
habeas corpus issued by Judge Smith,
returnable "Wednesday morning.
Dolbeer. for Eureka: schr Expansion, for
Grays Harbor: stmr rhehalls. for San Fran
cisco; U S stmr Marblehead. for San Fran
cisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Apr 30— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Apr 2«.
Sailed Apr 3O— Schr Volunteer, for — — .
ANACORTES^-Salled Apr 2tt— Bchr J M.
Colman. for San Francisco. .
POINT LODOS— Fas.«,.i Apr 30. ft a m— Stmr
San Gabriel, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
Pass*! Apr 30— Stmr Coquille River, from
Crescent City, for. San Diego.
ASTORIA— Sailed Apr 30— Stmr Nome City,
for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Apr 30- Schr Jen
nie Wand, for San Francisco.
Arrived Apr 3t>— Stmr fanta Monica, henca
A?r 28. < . .
REDONDO— Arrived Apr SO— Schr Robert TL
Hind, from Port Gamble; stmr Asuncion,
hence Apr 23.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr 20— Stmr Navarro.
hence Apr 27; stmr Pomona, hence Apr 2<j;
stmr Eureka, hence Apr 29.
Sailed Apr 29 — Stmr San Gabrjel, for Saa
Pedro; schr Berwick, for dan Francisco.
Sailed Apr 30— Stmrs Navarro and West*
port, for San Francisco.
-Sailed Apr 30— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
SOUTH BEND — Sailed Apr 30— Bktn Glean
er, for San Francisco.
PORT ORFORD— Sailed Apr 30— Stmr Des
patch, for San Francisco, with stmr Fulton la
tow.
BANDON— Sailed Apr 30— Stmr Elizabeth,
for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Apr 30— Schr
Ludlow. from San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sailed Apr 30— Stmm Czarina
and Alliance for San Francisco.
Arrived Apr 30— Stmr Empire, hence Apr 27.
POIN.T REYES— Passed Apr U0— Schr Kona,
from Kahulul, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Pased out Apr 30 — Schr Camano,
from Port Gamble, for San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD — Sailed Apr HO— Stmr Bo
ntta. for San Pedro; stmr Santa Cruz, for Saa
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 30— Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence April 28; stmr Santa Mon
ica, hence April 28.
: Sailed — Schr Buenaventura, for San Fran
cisco; schr Fred Sanders for San Pedro; achr
Fannie Adele, for San Francisco.
. SEATTLE: — Arrived April 30 — Stmr AUU
from Skagway. *
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Apr 20— Bktn Aa
rora, from Newcastle. Aus.
Sailed Apr 20 — Bktn Irmgard, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Apr 30— Bktn S. G. Wilder, hence
Arr 13. ,
Arrived Apr 30 — Ship Aryan, hence Apr 12.
LAHAINA — Sailed Apr 30— Bark Olympic,
for San Francisco.
HILO— Arrived Apr 27— Bark Martha Davta,
hence Apr 9.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed up
Apr 30 — Stmr Pennsylvania, from Honolulu,
for New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG — Arrived Apr 29 — Br stmr Tar
tar. fron» Vancouver.
• Arrived prlpr Apr 30— Br stmr Ping Suey,
from Tacoma.
Sailed Apr 30 — Stmr Siberia, for San Fran
cisco.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Apr 29— Br ship
Howth. hence Oct 12.
HAMBURG — Sailed Apr 27— Fr bark Ver
sailles, for San Francisco.
HARWICH— Arrived Apr 23— Fr bark Caa
robert. hence Dec 5.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Apr 30— Stmr Brem
en, from New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Apr 30— Stmr Cam
pania, from New York. . V .-> ji
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 30— Stmr "Bul
garia, from Hamburg..
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr SO— Stmr La
Tourame. from Havre;. itinr Hekla. from Co
penhagen.
Sailed Apr 30 — Stmr Graf Waldersae, for
Hamburg; stmr Etruria. for Liverpool: stmr
Ittsaba. for London; stmr Italia, for Naples;
stmr St. Louis, for Plymouth; stmr Colum
bia, for Glasgow: itmr Finland, for Antwerp;
stmr Rheln. for Bremen.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Apr 30— Stmr Cym
ric, from Boston.
Sailed Apr 30— Stmr Urabria. for KT«w York*
•tmr Corean. from Glasgow, for Philadel
phia; stmr Georgic, for New York.
GLASGOW — Arrived Apr 30 — Stmr Hunga
rian, from Portland.
NAPLES— Sailed Apr 27— Stmr Llguria. tot
New York. ...
CHERBOURG— Sailed Apr 80— Stmr St.
Paul, from Southampton, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Apr 30— Stmr La Lorraine,
tor >Uw York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Apr SO— Stmr Cel
tic, for New York.
, ANTWERP— Sailed Apr 30 — S tmr Krooa
land. for N«w York.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Apr 80-^
Stmr Ping Suey, from Tacoma. via Yoko
hama, etcj for Liverpool; stmr Tartar, from
Vancouver, via Yokohama.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Apr 80— Stmr Phila
delphia, from New York, for Cherbourg* and
Southampton, and proceeded.
LONDON— Sailed Apr 30— Stmr Minnebaha,
for New York.
§tmr Alcazar, TVlnkel, 13 hours from Green
wood. ...
Etmr Greenwood, Bwanson, 14 hours from
Russian Gulch. ¦
Stmr F. A. Kilburn. Jansen, 7 hours from
Port Rc-ers. ,
Etmr Centralia, Anflndsen, 63 hours ' from
Grays Harbor. ' • '
Stmr Hdlth, Hall. 100 hours from Tacoma,
j Stmr Curacao Paulsen, 12 days from Guay
mas via Ensenada 65 hours.
Bktn Quickstep, Johnson, 8 days from Bel
lincham.
Bark Sea King; -.Dowl Ing. 112 days from New
castle, Aus. . .
Schr Endeavor, McAllep, 8 daya from Ev
erett. • ' '
Schr Oakland, Ewalt, 40 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Mildred, Kindlen, 7 days from What
com.
Schr Metha Kelson, Jacobson, 21 days from
San Pedro.
Schr Berwick, Jacobson, 30 ; hours from
Eureka.
Schr Kona, Dlnsmore, 28 days from Kahulul. j
CLEARED. (
Saturday. April 30.
Stmr George "W. Elder, Randall, Astoria;
O R & N Co.
Stmr City of Panama, Porter, Panama; P
M S S Co.
Stmr Nushagak. Larsen, Bristol Bay, Alaska
Packers' Association.
Nor ahlp Theodor, Tisland, Algoa Bay. via
Port Townsend; Pope & Talbot.
Stmr v Spokane, Nopander, Eureka; PCSS
Co. ' • ' ¦ • ••
Ship Edward Sewalt, Quick, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dttnond & Co.
Bktn W. H. Dimond. Hanson, Honolulu; J.
1 D. SDreckels & Bros. Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, April SO.
US stmr Thomas, Lynam, for Manila.
Stmr . Centralia. Erlckson, Redondo,
. Stmr City of Puebla, Jepson, Victoria.
Stmr City of Panama, Porter, Panama.
Stmr National City, Hammar. Fort Brajrg.
Stmr Point Arena, MUler, Mendoclno.
Etmr Kcotia. Johnson. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Bee. Wellman. Mullteo.
Stmr Alcazar, Wlnkel, Greenwood.
Stmr Rival, Fosen. Eureka.
Stmr North Fork, Kelson, Eureka.
Bktn ' W. H. Dimond,- Hansen. Honolulu.
Schr Advent. . Olsen, Willapa Harbor.
Schr Western Home, Nieder, Coquille River.
. Schr Betla. Jansson. Sluslaw River.
Schr Advance, Ogldinssen. Coquille River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 30, 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind SW; velocity 26 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Apr 29— Stmr Co
quille River, for San Diego.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed Apr 30— Schr
Camano, for San Francisco.
- Arrived Apr' 30 — Stmr Ludlow, from Ban
Ptdro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Apr- 30— Stmr Jamea
Dollar, from Valdes; stmr Humboldt. from
Ska z way. .
Sailed Apr 29 — Stmr Dlrigo, for Skarway.
¦ ' Sailed Apr 30 — Stmr Homer, for Alaska.
SKAGWAY— Sailed Apr . 30. at midnight—
Stmr Dolphin, for Seattle.
, SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr 30^-Stmr Iaqua.
hence Apr 28: stmr Charles Nelson, from Port
Harford; schr. Robert Searles, from Grays
Harbor; Br ship Wray Castle, from Rotte
dam.
Sailed Ap CO — Schr ¦ Sailor .Boy. for Grays
Harbor: sUnf. Santa Barbara, for San Fran
cisco: echr F. S. Redfleld. for Otympia.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Apr 30— Schr . Berth*
Torn From Her Anchorage. Off Lombard Street by Brisk Northwester, the
Big Hull Drags Mud Hooks and Is Only Saved From Disaster by the
Timely Arrival of Tugboats, Which Tow Imperiled Vessel to Safety
NORWEGIAN SHIP THEODOR NEARLY
DRIVEN ON ROCKS OF YERBA BUENA
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, xSUNDAy, MAY;.!;: 1905.
Movements of Steamers.
51
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"UNION" GAS ENGINES
Sendfor catalogue, stating require- , .* -.' ™
247 First Street, Sin Francisco, Cal. or sistui»t«.
no'iOH TO LET— Pnrn. and I'nfnrn.
• TOST, 422— Large rcorr.s, suitable for one oi
• twe; reafonafc'.i; . ¦*' '¦"¦
. llOVAL House 12(1 ni!!« — Incandescent Ilghfs.
i>a<3ing-room' stnokh.g-room and ladles' par-
tor: rcorns r*r nisrfct. TAc to $1 50; week, ti
%>¦ 9%: mocth. *S to $W: elevator on ground
i'.cm ; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
* ?ACRA MEXTO, 1332— Sunny furnished room
. v.Iih use cf V>ath.
SACttAMENTO. 1C11— A neat and very wnnj
. r,a*emeiit room for gentleman: private fan-..
:iiiiri.E.X. 231 — Furnished rooms. •
'^ILVEr?. 1£fX — Front furnished room to let;
j-ultabl'e for f.- - <> gentlemen.
• 'etXnSEHTO, -$22, rear Folsora— Sunny fur-
» nihhed rowns; wuitable for one or two.
s-TANYAN. W0, facing Golden Gate Park — <
; .'urriiihed room*; s:nsle cr en suite. .
STEVENSON. ~Z.£— Room to let; for working
man; $1 p* 1 " w»k.
.TAVLOn. 12."— Large suite of front rboms,
to suitable for office; good location.
TAYLOR. 5!5B— Sur.r.y room, suitable for 2,
SIC; a '.to large alcove parlor suite. $14.
THE BT. ICATHIiTN. NE. ccr. Leavenworti)
- and Elllt— i3unr.1ett roorrj in the city; new
•h-.tel; Just furnished fr«ah and clean; halt
rr.attreefcs in every room; also hot and cold
. nater. baths, etc.; stean beat throughout;
elevater service and every modern conveni-
ence: jdosu from $3 per wesk up.
THE E*tflla. 1145% Ulirtoo St.: furnleh*<3
root&st. %
S HE Mayflower. SOS Third— Nice quiet family
house; elegant rooms; 2-">c. 50c, 75c. $1 night.
THIRD.* 75 — Furnished rooms.
"IUR.D, eC3 — JVntlshed rooms to let.
TURK. f 1163 — Sunny rooms in new flat.
TURK. 1218— Furnished eunny room. $2 a
' .' wttk. •
TWENTY -SECOND. 3447 — Two furnished
•¦•• ** room* for housekeeping.
. .TTWE.NTY-FOURTH. 3174— Nice sunny front
rooz&a. ¦'¦¦
; ¦ UNETE'b STATES. IS* Edfir. near Market— 4'jO
rooms. 33e to $1 night. $1 76 to $8 week; e!«c-
• ; • trie lights (no past, running water in every
room; ele.vator.read. -room; free bus; baggage.
•• . UNFURNISHED rocms. suitable for drejs-
- making ladies' tailor or light manufacturing.
- Apply A. ROT HARRISON. 143 Geary St.
VAN NESS ave.. 519--Elegant front parlurs
* and adjoining suite for office cr club.
NESS ave.. 320 — Nicely furnished, sunny
roots, par.or. piano; bath; commer prices.
VERMONT. 1I20H — 6 large. *unny rooms, all
new a:i<1 eVrant'y furnished: must rent im-
mediately; ?15, cheapest In city.
tVEESTER. 612— Furnished room to let.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et.. near Market-
Most Convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
;:.Vr to fl 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator:
¦ ¦ 'cite, lights; reading-room ; free bus; baggag*.
., WOLF'Hnuse. 202 61xth— Electric light In every
• roctn; 15c to fl a night; 75c to J5 a week;
" open all night: convenient to all cars.
; NICELY furnlehed room, hot and cold running
water steam heat; reasonable; central. Ad-
dress 1-cx 1804. Call.
F?.'RN1SHED room to rent, bathroom adjoin-
• ':ng: private family; no ether roomers. Apply
„ • «-*2 Oak etreet.
• , A SUNNY front room for two in a Spanish
• family; large rarden. Box 1824. Call.
15 NEW basement roorrs. Inquire 163 Hart-
. f'^d street.
A IJRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
\st edvertisements and subscriptioas has been
- <-.jieneS at 100S Market et.. opposite Fifth.
» f>r y n until 11 r». m.
« ROOMS AMI DOARD.
• ' rvVG-E. 22*£— In modern punr.y flat, newly fur-
nished i>arlor suite; piano, bath, phone; or
t la.rc* alcove room: use of bath, parlor, piano,
• *r*io&e; no nthrr boarders; suitable for two;
. very reasonable; no slrn.
¦ ¦
. . HOTEL MONTROSE
HCO .Van Ness ave.. corner Geary, has been
thoroughly remodeled and renovated and will
. - be "conducted as a first-class family hotel.
SIRS. H. OPPENHEIMER. Prop.
*• HOTEL BALTIMORE. ~~~
* 1C13 VAN KKES AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
FELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
* 'PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
ircAIXISTFR, 7 &<i— Excellent board. with
. s:r.i..T. or double room, in refined family;
Frt-neh-Araertcan cocking; surroundings
.homelike; reasonable. •
* ,VA» NESS ave.. 700— Handsome suite; sun
• all <".?.}•: hot and cold running water: excellent
jtabie.
* - —————— —__^_____^___^____
GOL/OEN GATE ave., 1224— Elegant Urge
front alcove room. gas. bath, running water,
¦ with board; tult&ble for two; private family.
•'VAN NESS ave., S44 — Board, room, table
; boar'I. funny rooms; rates reasonable. Ellis
• jajd Geary ets. cars; phone Hyde 4346.
" FINELY furnished moms in a respectable pn-
vate family; breakfan if desired. For par-
"' c titulars adJreFS phone Hyde 2839.
. HOTEL ELSMERE. 41S Sutter— Sunoy suites.
•" • «iegle rent.: excellent table; moderate prices. |
Hotel. 1103 Hyde. cor. California—'
• * ' -_ £unr -y cor - *ulte. Flng'.e rmt. ; superior table, j
OTARRELL. 142^— Sunny rooms; flrst-class '
board; phone. • j
* if AIGHT. CS, near Market — Comfortably fur- '
niched room, with food German board.
" "TOURTCENTH. To— single room, -with board.
POWELL, 502— Large eunny corner room; a!*t>
double for 2 gests; f22 50; also single.
'A PLJiASANT, inexpensive home In Mission
frr a young maa; good board. Box 1941.
. - CaJI office.
T{fE NIARA. €15 Taylor *t. — Sunny Bultee and
. Single roornn. f25 up. Phone Sutter 1496.
UNION. 828 — 2 large sunny furnished rooms;
•» board If desired. Inculre 1546 Powell st.
ROOMS WASTED.
TT>»>TED — VTtth private family two furnished
. or partly furnished rootns for housekc-eplnr;
•• - etaie>tens«. Box 1754. Call office. !
. FT^KN. or unfurn. room with exceptionally j
large clotet or small basement. 1770. Csll. i
COCPLE wants 3 or 4 unfunsishVa hou#».
fceeplRg rooms; bath; modern. Box 177g. Call.
STABLES TO LET.
" .5rf-ST>LL stable. 2320 Mlseion: cement floor;
lowest capacity 150 tons; suitable for stor-
age or mill.
FOUR rtalls for horees and waron shed to let.
* 42ffl> Eighteenth t.. corner Colllngwood.
. AT hall of one-thlrt price you can boy a new
* White s*wisg machine that Is slightly shop
wcra, at cur city oit,ces. 800 Poat St., 1&41
Filltnort tr.d 70S Valencia st.
PEST the best; we have 100 new White aew-
!ng machines fcr rent at $2 per month.
WHITE EEWINO MACUiNE CO.. SOO Post
ct.; telephone Black 1106.
DOMESTIC — The machine - for family use;
best U cheapest; secend-hend all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic olflcf. 1C21 Market, near Sixth.
JJEW IKiMET— Se« our n«tv triple-feed ma-
chines; ftMrtitly uf»-i; 910. 115. (20; cecond-
hbnd. %-. >S $%: ail Etylea; punrar.t>w1. X,w
* Ilome Sewing IJachine Co-. 1051 Market et.
. " SPECIAL! ST8.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and' NOISES in EARS
r.o*it;very cured; new methods: 1 week's trest-
Tr.ert Tree Dr Cottlnghara 204 Suttrr et.
SPISCIAX. >OTICEC.
Ladio'. Chichester'a sjr.ylith Pennyroyal Pills
are bett; tu>. reliable; tak* no other. Jdtnd 4e
•tarape for X'arilculars. "lUllef lor Ladies"
In letter by n-turn tr.ail. A*k 3«nir dmirfflst.
« Cr.lrhfffr Cherr.lcal Co.. Phlladeiphia. Ta-
tTORAGi: AXD \VA ItEHOU3E».^
A— CILDERT A: BTOLL Storagt Co.; storage,
fackins. shipping wu it house, G. G. and Van
NWy; otilce lzac Market, r. XI: tel. South 750.
A— "-fORIUM t-torzst £: Van Co.: fumltur«.
hcurrtiold sroods storrd. moved, chirped.. 725-
& ;::i Howard et.. rr. Third: phon* Grant Itil.
PI FltCK-RODOLl'H Etoras* A Moving Co., -»f-
nce Pot «ad 1'owell sts.: tel. Prtv. Ex. 871.
CON KLIN'S ?Tor»ye — Furniture And merchan-
dise. ~'A Gcld«-n Gute ave.; phone East 120.
GGLD£N V'trtt Storage: advances made. alO
M..-:-:on «t*.; tel. Howard 04>. K. W. Zebfufs.
J'ACIFJC Ctorace cn<i Fut-nlture Moving Ct>m-
r-'SPy. * 2320 Kil'more «t-; phone Jackson 2SL
HKK1KS Van end Ktoraee Co.. 11 Montjome-y
•t.: tel. Main 1«IU. Thlpplcg at cut rates.
TO LKASE. ;
TO"lea»e — M'jO arrcm. southern part Monterey!
Coiinty. FREDERICK. 2729 Stvent-eecth et.
: i BPIUrWO PBOPQ3AL3.
r 'WRITTEN uropoKata will "be received for re-
moving certain work from the uppfr stories
of the Murphy building, corner Market and
; Jones st*. Soerlficatlons can be obtained
at REID BROS.'. Claus Spreckels building
2 ' ' ti
• wros^ roa sAaE;^^^
; BONDS for sale — Notice is hereby given that
3 ceaJed bids will be received until 2 o'c.ock
p. m.. Saturday. May 28. 1904, by the Board
f of Control of the Territory of Arizona, at tnt
offic« of said beard In the City of Phoenix.
Arizona for the sale of Ten Bonds of the
denomination of One Thousand Dollars each,
bearing dale January 1. 1904, due and pay-
able January 1, 185*. bearing Intereit at the
rate of 3v» per cent (5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five years, it-sued by the Ter-
ritory of Arizona. In accordance with the
provisions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-sec-
ond Legislative Assembly of said Territory.
I and which act has been approved by the
Congress of the United States. Interest on
. ¦ said bonds will be paid semi-annually on
I '; the firct day of January and July of. each
yrar. and both principal and interest payable
In gold eoln of th« United States at the of-
, flee of tho Treasurer o* said Territory. A
certified check of a responsible bank for- S
per cent of the amount or the bid. payable
; to the order of* B. E. Klrkland. Territorial
Treasurer, and a copy of this advertisement
must accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
1 to make payment in full ttpun allotment and
r j tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
r lation of the b1<l an.1 forfeiture of the check
1 accompanying the same. The board reserves
: the right to reject any and all bid*. Bids
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and marked
; "Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
" DIVIDKM) .\OTICKS.
; DIVIDEND Notice—The GIsnt Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 05, of fifty
cents (50c » per share on the .Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the efflce of the company rooms
202. l'O4 and 'JOU, Hayward building. San
Francisco, on May 10. 1004. Transfer^books
close May 3. 1&O4, at noon.
C. C. QCINN. Secretary.
i BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
lrg Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
- > fcutldicg. 70S Market et.. opposite Third—
I j For the half year ending 31st of December,
j 1&03. a dividend has been declared at tb«
; rate t*r annum of <12) twelve per cent on
t capital stock and participating certificate*.
I free of taxes, payable on and after SATCft-
1 DAT. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON.
) j ARD. Manager HUGH CRAIG. Seoretarv
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
" The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
William J. Brown, 30, city, and Margaret
1 1 Johnston. 24, city.
1 Herman H. Kohlweo, 28. 278 Ninth avenue,
, and Johanne Nordhoff; 26, Chicago.
j Murk B. Welnberg, 23. 317 Natoma »treet,
| and Miriam E. Ayer*, 29. 317 Natoma street.
| Ulyssee G. HaetlnitF, 35, Visalla, and Agnes
i L. Limegrover. 29. Tulare.
Miles M. Miller. 54. Genesee. Idaho, and
Elizabeth Woolcock, 52, 1744 Fillmore st.
Christopher C. V. Reeve, 42. Alameda, and
Ella B. Graves. 28, Alameda.
E. William Kruckeberg, 22. Sacramento, and
• Bertha F. Silvernail, 21, Oakland.
; Charles E. Bentley. 2S. New York City, and
; Josephine G. Jones, IS. New York City. ¦
James A. McDonald, ZT>. 251 Dolores street,
and Elizabeth T. Byrne. 25. Cupertino.
Henry Brandeman, 2». :J08 Hyde street, and
i Johanna G. Steinmetr. !'¦>, Banta.
Alanson Lewis. 21. 13 Frankfort avenue,
; ' and Martha M. Hoffman, IS, New Town, 111.
• j John Devincenxi. 21. 427 Broadway, and
' . Louise Nave. 18. -431 *4 Union street.
I William B. Dunn. i.'S. city, and Marguerite P.
, ! Cumminies, 2-1. city.
', j Carl F. Echenberger, 29, city, and Susie G.
Goff. 30, city.
Charles W. Borker, 26, Oakland, and Amelia
. L. Morino, 2!t. Los Angeles.
Thorns* J. Belton. 25. 3515 Twenty-third st..
and Kathryn V. Carolan, 20, 3336 Twenty-
second street.
BIRTHS— MAER1ABES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlace and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
! in at either of the publication offices and be
j indorsed with the name and residence of per-
rons authorized to have the same published.
j Notices restricted simply to the announcement.
I of the event are published once in this column
i free of charge.
! b^r^.
! BLAISDELL— In this city. April 27, 1904, to
{ the wife of William J. Blalsdell. a daughter,
j COOK— In Oakland. Cal.. April 29. 1904, to
; the wife of Leander T. Cook, a daushter.
COUGHLAN— In this city. April' 11. l»0i. tp
the wife of James Coughlan, a son.
I FARRELL — In thl« city, April 30. 1904, to
; the wife of Frank M. Farrell. a daughter.-
I HAGSTROM— In this city. April 23, 1901. to
the wife of Carl A. Hagztrom, a son.
HAASS— In this city. April 24, 1904, to the
wife of C. J. Haass, a son.
JORDAN— In this city., April 25, 1904, to the
wife of John J. Jordan, a son.
MANNING— In this city. April 19, 1904. to
¦ the wife of G. E. Manning, a son.
J MONTEALEGRE— In this city. April 24, 1901,
to the wife of F. G. Montealegre, a son.
j PFEIFER— In South San Francisco. April 24.
1904. to the wife of Henry E. Pfeifer Jr., a
daughter.
PORTER — In this city, April 26, 1904, to the
wife of W. J. Porter, a daughter. •
SAXE— In this city. April 29, 1904, to the
wife of J. D. Eaxe, a son.
SCHNABEL— In this city, April 16, 1904, to
the wife of Carl A. Schnabel, a daughter.
I SCHWARZ— In this city. April 29, 1904, to the
] wife of Frederick Schwarz. a daughter.
| SHAWL — In this city, April 2, 1804, to the
j wife of Joseph Shawl, a son.
! STEFFENS— In this city, April 23, 1904, to
the wife of George W. Steffens, a son.
j VOGEL— In this city. April SO. 1904. to the
; wife of Dr. T. A. Vogel, a daughter.
* MARRIED. ~
ARONSON— SELLON— In this city. April 27,
1904, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, Dave L.
Aronson and Anna L. Eeilon, both of Sacra-
mento. Cal.
DOREET— RIPLET— In this city, April 30,
1804. by the Rev. William N. Meserve, Clar-
ence A. Dorney of Oakland, Cal., and Alice
Ripley of Denver. Colo.
IIAASK— DUNBAR— In New Tork City. April
27. 1904, William J. Haasc of New York and
Lillian J. Dunbar of San Francisco. '
LARSON— CALDERON— In this city, April 1«.
1904. by Justice of the Peace J. J. Van Nos-
trand, Carl Larscn and Ida C. Calderoa, both
of Santa Barbara. Cal.
LAUDER— BRITCHER — In this city April '28,
1904, by the Rev. F. A. Doane, pastor ol
j MIzpah Presbyterian Church, John Lauder
i of this city and Margaret Britcher of Troy,
j New Tork.
TOOMEY— SHELLY— In this city. April 20
1W>4. by the Rev. Father Fleming, Henry C*
# J. Tooraey and Julia A. Skclly, both of San
Francisco.
DIED. ~~~
Applegate, Geo. W. Kelly. Dennis H.
Botkin. Welcome A. Lowry. Thomas J.
Blar.chard. Wm. W. O'Brien, Gerald J.
Cormac. John J. ott. Cspt. John W.
Currier, Joseph Quaini. Louis
Farry. John Raphael. Sail
Finley, Charles T. Klmi. lolanda
Henderson, Duncan Soule. L»nn>*
Johns. John F. stt« , ,ioward A
Kaufmann. Isaac Ttnnler. Helnrlch
Kehoe, Vincent H. Tierney, Daniel
A.PPLEOATE— In this city, April 23 1904
George W. Applegate, beloved husband of
Eteila Applegate, a native of New Jersey
uged 26 rears. : .
E7*Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Joseph Hagan. 1707 Sacramento '
etreet, near Polk. Interment National Cem-
etery. Preeldto.
BOTKIN— In this city. April 30. 1904. Wel-
come A., beloved father of Beverly B. Bot-
kin, a native of Ohio, aged **i years.
SLANCHARD— In Witter Springs. Lake :
County. April 26. 19tM, William W.. beloved
husband of Ed'.trt li. Iilanchard, and father
of Donald and Rocer Blanchard, a native of ¦
New York, aged 4$ years 3 months and 2U
days. (Los Angeles and . San. Bernardino
papers tileasc cony.) ,
ICRcmalns will be shipped • to Lockport, '
N. Y.. and olaced in the Bishop vault. Re-
mains at the parlors of the California Under-
i . taking Company. 405 Powell street.
?XmMAC— In Berkeley, Cal.,- April 23. 19W, ,
John J. Cormac, beloved brother of Mrs. M.
C OTocle of Berkeley and Thomas 1" '
O*Toe'.e of New York. • ; \
t^Frienrla end acquaintances are respect-
fully InvluO to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Monday), at S:i5 o'clock, from the real- ',
dence cf Mn. M. C. O'Toole, 2119 lierryman •
niHl. Berkeley. thence to St. Joseph'b -
Church for services, commencing at 0:30
o'clock. Interment private.
CURKIER— In thts city. April 20, 1904, Joseph 3
Currier, a native of France, aged 03 years. '
FARRY— In this city, Auril 2SJ, 1004. John,
beloved hutband of Ell«;n Farry. and father ,
of Henry A. and Mary G. Farry, a native *
Of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged «.£ 1
years. ¦ .' -
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect- '
fslly Invited to attend the tuneral Monday,
Mny ~. at *:S0 o'clock, from hits -late resl- ,
dence. 100(1 Dolcrcs street, thence to St. 3
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass 1
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
• comrn* nctnr at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crt f* Cemetery. Please omit flower*. . t
FINLEY— In Melroee. April 29, 1004, Charles ,
Talbert (Bert) Finley, beloved husband ; of
Elisabeth Finley, father of Lester J. -.and «
Claire Finley, son of Joseph and Ellen Fin- r
ley, and brother of Mrs. A. McKevltt, Leo- *
UT J., William B.. May E. and John. Fln-
ley. a nattr* of. Wisconsin, aged 28 years 2 i
months and 3 days. . >^Vr3^?ffSg»iglj*fta». -
C7Frieods and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), , at . S :30 o'clock, from his late
residence. Bay avenue, Melrose. thence to
• St. Joseph's Church, Frultvale, where a re-
J . qulera maES will be celebrated for the re-
1 pose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
i . Interment ¦ St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
1 HfcNDERSON— In this city, April 30, 1904,
Duncan Henderson, beloved husband of ¦ the
late Sarah Henderson, father of Mr». Emma
t A. P. Hathaway, and brother of Neil Hen-
Is derson. a native of Prince Edward Island,
a aged 76 years and 2 months. A member of
• Unity Lodge No. 131, V O. O. F., and
Bernal Lodge No. 19. A. O. U. W. '
e . cjr Remains at. the mortuary chapel of .the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
- Mission street, near Twenty-first. Notice of
e funeral hereafter.
I JOHNS— In this city, April 26. 190*. John F.
John?, beloved husband of Amanda Johns,/
and father of John F. Jr. and David Johns,
Mrs. C. A. Lyons and Mrs. David Lyons, a
• native of Cornwall. England, aged 62 years
![ and IX days.- - - . . ..
C7Prlends and acquaintances and mtra-
J bcrs of Templar Lodge No. 17, I. O. O. F..
1 and Burnaby Lodxe No. 104. Sons of St.
• George, are respectfully Invited to attend
• the funeral on Sunday, May 1, ¦ at 12:15
*• o'clock, from his late residence, ¦ 1829 How-
J ard street, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, corner
? Seventh and Market streets, where services
1 will be h*!d at 1 o'clock under the auspices
' of Templar Lodge No. 17, 1. O. O. F. In-
r terment Cypreys Lawn Cemetery, by electric
i funeral car from Elrhteenth and GusrrerB
streets.
• KAUFMANN— In this city, April 29, 1904.
' Isaac Kaufmann.^ btlovert Mm of Minna
• Kaufmann and the lato Feist Kaufmann. ana
J brother of Mrs. I. Oppenheimer and Moses,
• ' Sigmund and Adolf Kaufmann, a native of
Hainetandt, Baden, Germany, aged 41 years
, and <> mentha.
ICT'Fnend" and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
May 1. at 3:45 o'clock, from .1227 Sacra-
mento street. Interment Eternal Home Cem-
1 etery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
1 Townrend streets.
' a i KEHOE— In this city. April 20, 11KM, Vincent
, ! Henry Kehoe. belovod son of Mrs. G. W.
s Day, a native of San Francisco, aged 11
years and i> days.
ICT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fullj invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the resi-
• dence of the parents, 1220 Alabama street,
thence to St. Peter'* Church, where a re-
quiem high mate will be celebrated for the
s repcFe of his soul at 8 o'clock. Interment
i Holy Cross Cemetery. f
¦ KELLY — In this city, April 20, 1904, Dennis
H., beloved husband of Margaret Kelly,
father of Dennis, Frank, Margaret and Bella
, Kelly, Sister M, Angelina of Notre Dame
Convent, the late Myles William Kelly and
Mary C. Sheridan, and brother of Menus and
the .late Cornelius Kelly, a native of We*t
Creek, N. J., aged 71 years 4 months and
1 ¦ 24 days. (Tuolumne County. Cal.. and At-
lantic CJty, N. J., papera please copy.)
t ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 9 ;
, o'clock, from his late residence, 2321 How- j
ard street, thence to St. Charles Borromeo's i
r Church., where a solemn requiem mass will;
be celebrated for the repoce of his soul, com-
9 rru-nciuK at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
1 LOWRY— In this city, April 29. 1904, Thomas
J. Lowry, a native of PennsyU'anla, aged 42
• years.
JET Friends and acquaintances are reepect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic!
1 Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Golden Gate
Lodgw No. 30. F. end A. M. Interment Cy-
» press Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 train from
1 Third and Townsend streets.
O'BRIEN— In this city. April 29, 1904. Gerald
J.. beloved Infant son of John D. .and Helen
1 O'Brien, a native of/6an Francisco, aged 24
days. fl.. ,
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, S404 Twenty-fourth str«et. near
Guerrero. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
i OTT— In this city. April 30, 1904. Captain John
W.. Ott, baloved husband of Mary Ott, and |
father of William A., R. V.I A. L. and Mary :
A. Ott, and Mrs. C. S. Church, a native of
Germany, aged 61 years 4 months and fl
'¦ days.
(E7"rhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resl-
¦ dence, IS Glover etreet. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
QUAINI— In this city. April 29, 1004, Louis,
dearly beloved son of the late Raphael and '
Mary Quainl. brother-in-law of Antolne de .
Paoll and John Leporl. and cousin of Mrs. >
P. Valle and Ralph Brignoll, a native of '
New York, aged 36 years. j
RAPHAEL— In this city. April 28. 1904. Sail !
Raphael, beloved brother of Isldor Raphael,
and uncle of Ralph and Joseph Raphael, a
native of Wongrowltz, Prussia, Germany,
i aged tO years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from 456 Minna
street, near Sixth. Interment Eternal Home !
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third,
and Townsend streets. , j
SIMI— In this city, April 29, 1904. Iolanda. J
dearly beloved daughter of Caesar and.'
Amelia Slmi, and beloved sister of ErslUa '
Slml. and rrandchlld of Lazzaro and Caro- :
lina Slml and Lucia Giovannettl, a native of j
han Francisco, aged 1 year 6 months and :
19 dayn.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully notified that the funeral takes place ¦
to-day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the
residence of her parents, 729 Montgomery .
avenue. Interment Italian Cemetery.
SOULE— In Huntn Hill. Nevada County. Cal..
April ?7. 1904, Lena Kimball Soule. wife of
the late W. B. Boule. mother of Harold
Kimball Soule. eldest daughter of Thomas
D. Kimball. and only sister of Grace Kim-
ball, a native of Hunts Hill. Nevada County,
Cal.. aced 44 years 1 month and 6 days.
E7"Frlend«i and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ths funeral services
Sunday, May 1. at 1:30 o'clock, at her
father's residence, 3781 Seventeenth street,
thence by electric funeral car from corner
of Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2
o'clock. Interment Cypr^Eu Lawn Cemetery, j
STEWART— In this city, April 29. 1004. How- i
ard A., son of Letltla and the late -Thomas '
A. Stswart; and brother of Mrs. R. B. Chan-
dler and Scott H.. Georgia and Letltla Stew-
art, a native of San Francisco.
ICTThe funeral services will take place
to-day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at his latu
residence. 1712 Turk street. Interment pri- i
vate. Please omit flowers. _
TENNLER— In this city. April 30. 1B04, Heln-
rich, teloved son of Kaspar and Anna- Tenn-
ler, brother of Anna, Katharlna and Jo- i
har.n Tcnnler, and nephew of Mr. and Mrs. '
Jake Hohl. a natlvo of Canton Bern. Switz-
erland, aged yi years and 5 months
TIERNEY— In thU city. April 30, 1004. Dan-
iel, beloved hU9band of Johanna Tlerney, lov-
ing father of Maria, Mat and Agnes Tlerney,
and beloved brother of Richard and. Mat
Tierney, a native of County Kerry, Ireland
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday). 'fit S:30 o'clock, from the parlors '
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com- !
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St.^Joseph's '
Church, where a requiem high mass will bo ¦
celebrated for the repose of his *oul, com- \
mpxieing at 9 o'clock. Interment private, I
In Holy ,Crofis" Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
I desire to thank Mr. Charles F. Curry
Secretary of State, for his sincere klndnem
shoirn me during the sickness and death of i
n:y husband- -
MRS. J. T. COOK. Sacramento. Cal.
CARD OF THANK8.
Mr. J. F. Stromberg and, family o( Oak-
land desire to express their thanks to their '
many friends and acquaintances for the kind. I
ii'-ss and sympathy extended to them in their
1 \cent bereavement.
HLk\RY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
D\NIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
' 20 Flft\ st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Vclephone South 60.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, j
Funeral Directors and Fmhsimtirs ,
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple, n
NOW at XtiO MISSION. South 16T.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
F. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 31. ,
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO. '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. !
2339-2341 Mission st., near Nlntteenth. ' ]
• San Francisco. <
_ . .-' . . ,'.: ¦ )
Water Front Xotcs.
The steamship Pennsylvania,. which !
came here during the Klondike ex- l
citement and- was subsequently char- '
tered by Uncle Sam as an army trans- j
port, has returned to her home, waters.
She arrived yesterday at Delaware {
Breakwater. .• '
The ship Edward Sewall cleared J
ycsierday for Honolulu, where sht» v.ili i
load sugar for New York; . j
The Pacific Mail Company's liner <
Siberia left Hongkong: yest»rday for {
this? port. The China is duo here to- t
morrow.:!. ' ; , .. •
The barkentihe Quickstep arrived I
ycfcterday, eight days from Balling- *
ham with 490,000 feet of lumber. i
There was no chanee, reported yes- «!
terday In the reinsurance rates of l
overdue ships. The Lamorna Is.Quot- lc
ed at 90 per centr"Lamoriclere iu 65 t
and'Alba at 10 ¦per.cent, . 'v , • t
The army transport; Thomas,*. Cup •4
tain'' Lynam commanding, Called at f
. noon yesterday for Manila. 1 ' ' 1SLAYER OF .A SHERIFF
HEARS THIRD SENTENCE
George Suesser Listens to. the Dread
' Pronouncement "of : His Doom^ -
in San Jose.
« SAN JOSE, April 30.— George Sues-.
ser this' morning -was sentenced by
Judge Tuttle,to-be hanged- ori the, 15th
of next July for the. murder, of Sheriff
Farley -of , Monterey , County In 1899.'
This ; is the • third time he has been
sentenced.; , . .'
¦.- When sentence was pronounced
Suesser.;. turned arid dropped limply
Into - his chair. 'He -recovered, how
ever, and! when being 'led 'out' of 'the
courtroom to the jail he chatted* wittf
his attorney. . • , . . *" :.
For many years past San Francisco
has, been and > still is the leading! whal
ing port .of the world . - •
is worth knowing what and ; what not
to eat. and it ia equally desirable to
be able to tell whether the food offered
you is fit to eat. Extensive-knowledge
on both these points is to be picked up
at the Pure Food Exposition. .
The National Convention of .Grocers
will be called to order in ; the art. room
or the Pavilion to-morrow, morning, and
its sessions promise to be Interesting,
not only to persons engaged injthe gro
cery trade, but to their customers as
well. - :
The *-. San Francisco . Retail Grocers'
Association is fathering -the exposition.
and' ; the members that! organization
who^ are conceded^credlt? by; their V f el-;
lows 1 for . Its success are > William ; Len
hoff ,-¦ Carl Clark,f J. ,T. ; Hurley, •. J. j Salo
mon,'J. M. Sullivan and H..Hohn.,Man
ager Lenhoff and his aides leave _ noth
ing undone, that might contribute to the
enlightenment • and comfort of visitors.'
... AUBURN, i April '. 30.— The . third • and last
victim of the big unowsllde which occurred on
the Southern Pacific road this Bide ot-Truckeo
on February 11 last was ¦ unearthed « yesterday
afternoon • by • Section : Foreman Nelson under
five , feet • of • «now.~ : > > • .¦v ¦ ¦ ¦¦ •_ ¦¦ . ¦ , ¦
STOCKTON, April 30.— The Repub
lican . county : convention ¦ met"; here . to
day and elected . a ' delegation pledged
to. Governor George, C. Pardee asdel
eg'ate .to 'the , national .• Presidential,
convention; The platform commend
ed ! the^ jklcKinley. arid Roosevelt ad
ministrations, Congressman Needham
and" Governor "Pardee. /' ' , '
Pardee May -Bo 6 Delegate.
AVILL EXAMINE SITES
FOR. COALING STATION
Board of Naval Officers Is Ordered to
• ; Convene at Mnre : Island
,"^ f Navy .Yard.
.WASHINGTON, April 30.-^A board
of naval 'officers has . been ordered ; to'
convene at the 'Mare Island navy yard
on May ? 5 ; and' examine ' various sites
supposed^ to ' be . available ¦ for ' a * coal-
Agricultural Society Secretary Elected.
SACRAMENTO. April 30:~ George
Tuthill of San Francisco was to-day
elected secretary of the State Agri
cultural . Society to fill a vacancy
caused by the death* of George W.
Jackson. ' The board of directors re
ceived several propositions from local
capitalists for the purchase of Agri
cultural Park. .' : "
Railroad Employe Tries Suicide.
SAN BERNARDINO, April 30.— As
a result of having had his skull
crushed by a blow fronv a revolver
several years ago, ..Thomas ) McGowan,
a Salt, Lake Railroad employe, • made
an attempt at suicide while confined
In jail ' at Daggett. He •. slashed jj his
throat with a piece of. a glass bottle
and succeeded in almost scalping him
self before he could be overpowered.
Despite the burns, .Dr.* McClish en
deavored .to put out. the flames started
by the explosion and his clothing
caught fire. He was in- danger of be
ing, burned ; to death ; and grabbed" the
portieres [) from their hangings; and
wrapped himself in them. .. The flre
was extinguished before much damage
was dotre.
SANTA ROSA; April '30.— Dr. J. M.
McCllsh, a Healdsburg' dentist, had' a~
narrow escape from being, burned to
death by an explosion of a vulcanlzer
in -his laboratory. Both of his hands
were badly burqed and he Inhaled
some of the- fumes of the burning
gasoline,: which, is likely to cause in
ternal injury, r*' " ¦ _'
burg Building and 'Man Nar
rowly Escapes.
Vulcanizcr Starts Firo in a Ilcalds-
\ ..-¦¦- - ' t ¦• ¦ ». . '
LABORATORY EXPLOSION
. ' . . INJURES THE DENTIST
. SANTA BARBARA, April 30. — Mrs.
Jennie . A. Downey was . to-day sen
tenced to fourteen years in prison at
San Quentin for assault with a deadly
weapon with intent to commit murder.
. Mrs. Downey, who was housekeeper
for : Charles Wilson,, a well-known
business man of this city, visited his
place of business in November last,
armed with a revolver, and after a
brief altercation, shot him,. the wound
resulting • in ; his death a few. weeks
later.
Mrs. Do,wney alleged in extenuation
of her offense that Wilson had prom
ised '! to marry her^ and had ignored
the' promise a few days before, the
day of the wedding.
Prior to the shooting two civil cases
arose over the ownership of valuable
securities In. possession of. Mrs. Dow
ney, which she claimed had been given
her by Wilson to secure a loan of sev
eral' hundred"dbllars. -
Santa Barbara Housekeeper Must Pay
the. Penalty of a. Serious "?'"
Crime. ; Jlw-- :;
PRISOX CELL OPENS
FOR! CONVICTED WOMAN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL' BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30.—Pro
fessor Alexander Graham Bell of this
city, who is seeking to solve the prob
lem of aerial flight, gave a public ex
hibition to-day of tetrahedral kites.
The exhibition was given at the re
quest of the National Geographical So
ciety, of which Professor Bell .was
founder, and took place on a high pla
teau on the Virginia side | of the Po
tomac, within sight of Washington,
where the Weather Bureau has its kite
station.
Professor Bell explained that In pre
vious experiments with other forms of
kites it had been demonstrated that
when a kite was made large enough
to sustain the weight of a -man who
might steer it and an .engine which
might propel it, the structure was too
heavy to fly.
Professor Bell gave . various experi
ments. One kite consisting of sixteen
cells, the weight of which was only
two and three-quarters pounds, was
flown at a great height and maintained
considerable steadiness In a " light
breeze. In what seamen know as a
fair sailing breeze this fragile fabric
would have lifted into the air a weight
of seventy-five pounds.
Aluminum-framed kites also were
flown, and, although the lightness of
the air currents was rather against
a succesful demonstration, all present
were convinced that Professor Bell
had made a great 6tep forward In the
line of his experiments. He will con
tinue working out the problem at 'his
college in Braddock this summer.
. The required reserve was .augment
ed by, $1,248,350 through the increase in
deposits. Deducting from this sum the
net 1 " gain ; In cash left $1,059,450, as the
decrease' in, surplus .reserve to $33,
144,250., Computed upon, the basis of
deposits less those of $56,252,700 ' public
funds, the surplus is $47,197,425.
was a discrepancy of $1,064,300 be
tween the estimated and the actual
change in cash. Deposits also showed
a net. high^ record in an increase of
$4,995,400/ or $1,558,000* more than the
amount called" for by the sum b"f in
crease in loans and the. net gain * in
cash, consequently the statement did
not balance.
NEW YORK, April 30.— The Finan
cier says: Notwithstanding the export
during last week of more than $12,750,000
of gold to Paris, the official statement
for the week of the New Vork Asso
ciated Banks showed a net Increase of
$188,900 cash, and the surplus reserve
was reduced' by only little mor.2 than
$1,000,000. Even under the averag." sys
tem of the Clearing-house banks the
shipments pt gold f« ; r the week should
have, it would seem, shown a loss of
nearly $8,500,000 of cash.
Tuesday's exports of $6,500,000 called
for the whole of that amount because
the withdrawals were made early in
the bank week; Thursday's exports of
$2,500,000 for one-half of this sum, and
Saturday's I export of nearly $4,000,000
for one-sixth of the amount, the total
of these averages making $8,500,000, as
above. Inasmuch as the remainder of
the amount exported, or $4,500,000, was
carried over under the average system
into the .current week, the statement
was clearly- made on largely declining
averages for cash.
• .Loans-were expanded through cor
poration borrowing by $3,246,500, car
rying this item to a new high record.
Cash ' increased $188,900 net, the
specie decreasing $961,000 and legal
tenders being augmented by $1,149,
0 0 0. It may ; be noted that the re
ports which .were based on the trace
able movements of money during the
week - exclusive Saturday's 'ship
ments of gold to Europe indicate a
loss of $876,400 cash: therefore there
TACOMA, Wash., April SO.— A diary
kept by ¦ Bob Taylor, the hermit cap
tured yesterday after a "battle with'- a
Sheriff's posse, makes it appear that he
has. killed others since February," 1903.
One entry, undated, reads: "To-day I
killed 'feller' Killon and " The last
word is uninteligible. The . sentence
may mean "I killed a fellow,". and' the
rest may. refer to killing and shooting-.
The belief is growing that the pris
oner is the missing Taylor of Lena.
County, Missouri, who, after murder
ing several persons for which he -was
sentenced to be hanged in 1896, es
caped and disappeared, and for whom
heavy rewards were offered.
Long life as a hermit may / have af
fected his mind, for there is said to be
no doubt that he is partially demented,
and fear of capture may have led to
his deadly assault on the two tramps
who applied at his cabin for shelter
and his subsequent attempt to kill
Sheriff Dcnholm and his deputies.
AUBURN, April 20.— John Long, a
pioneer of the mining town of Forest
Hill, was found dead in his cabin a
couple of -days ago. Coroner Shepard
held an inquest and during a prelimin
ary search of the cabin found $35 in
small change scattered about. A later
and more extended search has resulted
in a ' ii nd 'of nearly, $1000 in gold.
The peculiar circumstance is that the
money was hidden and buried , In all
parts of the cabin and cellar. Not more
than $20 was found in one place. This
is not an. unusual custom among min
ers. It is doubtful if Long knew the
location of all his money himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San ••Francisco's first Pure Food and
Industrial Exposition was formally
opened by Mayor Schmitz last evening
in the Mechanics' Pavilion, and a large
audience applauded his eulogy of the
enterprise and good wishes for its suc
cess. The ceremony was brief and sim
ple, 6ut at its conclusion the crowd re
sumed inspection of the exhibits that
cuver the entire ground area of the big
building.
Almost everything that is handled by
a first-class grocer is to b^ found in
the show, and there are some things
that have no connection whatever with
the food question, but are attractive,
just the same. Several wide-awake
manufacturers cf vehicles and other in
digestible articles and a few energetic
hicicwhow men have taken advantage of
the-advertising opportunity afforded by
the display of comestibles, and the way
in which the foreign attractions were
patronized last night showed that no
mistake was ma'de in admitting them.
To describe all the exhibits that come
fairly under the title of the exposition
Trould be a stupendous task. Suffice it
to cay that they are sufficiently numer
ous and varied to keep the visitor inter
ested for a couple of hours at least.
Each booth is tenanted by obliging
clerks— mostly of .the gentler sex-^who
eloquently describe the particular vir
tues of their- respective commodities',
and almost every exhibitor ' gives each
caller a souvenir, either a sample of
the exhibit or an attractive advertise
ment of^it. By the time the visitor has
completed his tour of • the hall j he is
heavily laden with packages and print
ed matter— or if he isn't it is I his own
fsrult. .Then tea and coffee and choco
late and cocoa and various kinds of
mineral waters and other innocuous
beverages are to be had for the asking.
Persons desiring more ardent liquids
can be accommodated without leaving
the building.*. . -^ /
A splendid brass band discoursed well
&.*.'«±r>*eG music during the evening, and
tfii be there every afternoon and night
Uuring the exposition. The two con
certs to-day will be of sacred compo
sitions exclusively, and secularism will
be suppressed as much as possible with
out iipoairing the educational value of
the snow.
The houscwif e or boarder . or restau
1 rant p'atron who misses this exposition
susely'deserves all the adulterated food
that may hereafter ; be ; palnjed,, off ' on
her or. him as pure goode. "It certainly
Money Is Found in Many
Parts of a Pioneer's Eude
Residence at Forest Hill
Record- -Kept. -by a Bandit
Sheds Light on the Atroci
ty of His Many Crimes
Statement of New York De
positories Furnishes Some
- Very Interesting Figures
Pure Food Exposition Fills
31echanics 9 Pavilion With
. jCixnvd of Interested Folk
Professor Bell's Tests Indi
cate That His Invention Is
a Stride Toward Success
CABIN YIELDS
HOARDED GOLD
The Call may also bo obtained
from train News Agents 6n
trains in and out of St. Louis.
Southern Hotel News Stand.
pany. , <
George A. Husscy, northwest
corner Sixth and Pine streets. -
J. J. Purcell, Special ' News
Ajjcnt. . -
Joseph Copeland, Special
News Agent.
Philip Roder, Special News
Agent.
E.<T. Jett, Eighth and, Olive
streets.
Foster Book and News Com-
.Visitors to - the , St. Louis
Exposition will find this paper
on sale at the following places;
World's Fair News Company.
Planters' Hotel News Stand.
TJncicll ' Hotel News Stand. .
St. James Hotel News Stand.
St.; Nicholas Hotel News
Stand. % /
GROCERS' SHOW
DRAWS THRONG
KITES CARRY
HEAVY WEIGHT
BANK DEPOSITS
SHOW INCREASE
THE CALL AT ST. LOUIS
DIARY TELLS
OF MURDERS
M'CARREN GAINS
ADDED POWER
Brooklyn Leader at Head of
the Democratic Executive
Committee in Ne^v: York
ALBANY, N. Y., April 30.— At a meet
ing of the Democratic State Commit
tee here to-day Cord Meyer of Queens
Borough, New York City, was elected
chairman to succeed Frank Campbell,
and State Senator McCarren of Brook
lyn was made chairman of the execu
tive committee.
Edgerton L. Winthrop of New York
was chosen Presidential Elector in
place of Robert B. Roosevelt, who de
clined to serve owing to the fact that
President Roosevelt, the probable Re
publican nominee for President, is his
nephew.
Prior, to the meeting ot the commit
tee It was reported that while the Tam
many men would not object to the se
lection of Meyer as chairman of the
State committee, they did urgently ob
ject to Senator McCarren as chairman
of the executive committee. It was
said that Charles F. Murphy, leader of
Tammany Hall, would be placed on the
executive committee, but Thomas F.
Smith "of New York, who held Mur
phy's proxy.- said he did not believe
Murphy would consent to . serve upon
a committee headed by McCarren.
Former Mayor Hugh J. Grant .of New
York City and former I*ieutenant~Gov
ernor W. F. Sheehan of Buffalo were
among those elected to the executive
committee. Grant being- selected Instead
of Charles F. Murphy.
Irish Society's Outing.
• The Knights of the Red Branch
will hold their thirty-fifth annual re
union and picnic at Shell Mound Park
to-day. ; Valuable, prizes will be five a
for athletic sports. £2MB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 1/1904.
52
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEE THE. PHOTOGRAPH.'^
Beautiful Painting: of a Beauti-
ful Society Woman.
NEXT SVKDAY CAUL.
Contains ¦ FIT ty-T^vo VPages ''¦'. and
" : f X the "Art Supplement, •
i: TOYS.",
If any pa it of 'tills paper Is
missing • please notify ' this office
at once.' , •. \ :
TO-DAY'S CALIj
-^^^opc *0^** B^^ The great annual spread at Sale's: ¦. Good things every one will want to taste. gin 6'e B s d Sheets 25c,
' "ffi^P^^llfllfii - / ¦ l--- : - ry - - . -Lj^LAr \ ' ? th^r.^r P rifetw e have heard
Braut'fu, hi Trimmed: $2.25 <^p /lEffk M^ti JC^HKfi^5>«LWl^ Tl^T%l^S
¦ ,. The chief hat of the stason. . n^\/ ¦ J^^kJ, J^ V,Y IL^iSsSMi&gSr^jir^Z^ »\Y ,. VI \li /vX^VTrr they are made of; no dressing.
express; beautifully trimmed whh vdvet, rfV/ n \ \V> -^V\ (W_ ' ' mMH^SS/ good grade of sheeting. The same qaal-
' ¦ "• £ •^J&A'SSf'SSl. IS, £SS !i f 'l' , T , . V I Come, Ml Tlm^s Are 'feadyT-'X. * ''-' f ' "// / i "--"^'s?- 5 - 0 "' "I'bK
out to-morrow for anniversary Bellingr. Tfleyre J. i\ Special Telephone Service. Mav is Hale's mnnth ' I ! ¦ 65c— 72x90 j 75 £lZl «?r-r e a such
&,U c VSft£T515 r 5?Sr.ffa m S: l^Vv^ nl^tiLolZ ye a r M theW^e stores K et together to celebrate and per- i I, "^~^ vl™€ fT^LH'SlI
«.JSiV-?} ll thl5%.'!S!S?^S H i^gF'«»i. V •¦¦^S5. «„„*...„,. run. petuate in a "fitting 'mannerthe organization of this, the strongest buying association TrW . «Sl
rSuiirwar. you do - l ! u "i? °pe rat °r what -We are doinj; this same thing in Sacramento and Stockton on just as big a scale acknowledged even by the dealers to be the
' 82 STrSFfSKST WSS.V^S^Si bunch * • n^t '¥& iffi .ftJh'tBi'SS: as we are here. Imagine all the extra buying we've been to, to supply all these gg %$™ : •"• "« **.*"+
Sc^-Silk daisies. 24 to the bunch, black or white. cial telephone order depart- Stores with extra values and enough of them to run a month, not Only in One Section BOc— 54x90. 65c— 63x90
: "* ?1^vSr^^r5?2 wNffi. M ia M i;°%to t S „ , 1^ ~ .of the stores, but all sections. It's a bigppportunity all around. I £ . 7 , 60c - 7^ 90 «5c-8ix90
. ' JfvT^S^e^ffi^^^-SSS SS Black Silks— > Women's TnjJored ¦„*. Astonishing Ribbon News . J The Pillow Cases.
cbarminv as tney can be. %-y.f* * > • •& - , S ' • T/* , l~ T\ ~~ " J\M\Z 7 & ~r 77 ' ' llo— Worth 15c. soft finish «5. bleached cases, mada
Anniversnru Feast • v-vle Dresses *pl*fl *J for May : extra ion ff . 45x33. fc &£*?& ~tt*
¦ rr t j 7 • /^^,.««^« — v ' : — V ' u 15c— The 18c quality, white ones. 4ox38 la, with
Ser LadllSlVIV tOrSetS •••-•:.¦•¦ , Almost haifnnVp anH nVTir nt "tKf' lipifrht tt ,r ' ' . , V,- ", ,. -' ¦:>.- >.-v handkerchief border, very fine quality muslin
ZL . The best qualities, not only one or two Almost .nait-pnce__ and -right _at tne neignt. Half prices clear along: the line ; thousands for every day home use.
. • And Miss McCauley." corsetiere. ¦ grades picked out here and there as "spe- oftheir Popularity; • . and thousands of lengths, right from the ' l «lg™tf ma ¦*"*" "*" ' „
in fit them „•„!„ » u *. n j h ...i fL «• Blouses, eton blouses and plain etons— the factorv with their first brightness and new- : x«m«tltch«d Mlow Cmm, 17V4o — Thats cheap.
torn mem. cials, ,but all grades; all widths (taffetas prettiest sprine styles in blacks and blues. ' acror y. » 1111 meir nrii Dngmness anu new but look th qualIty and «•• fco^fEfJ?** **
Sp^S^iS if * Wtftillli MM. l i^^lSsli "To 0 S , n llI en 0 d,an d second,. "'= "*£££*&* 1
with the .corse i and sec «tot c n ° a I " fort * r ld t^^ the . market prices.. . . touches you arc looking for. Capes or no Mostly satin taffetas. These at 4 c sell W@\ f^^^^«^© yW>
- SSfoicHkc^ifs^lcCaS". SS taows^orsVt^ Not a yardjhat isn't fresh and perfect: %tte\^ r lrS Z^kSt^ 'regularly at 8c. All the bright colors. Then 1|S <^f
perfectly, pick out the right model for you and fit y , yard that' zvould n't sclircddih in Somc oi them are severely plain. Sc, 6c, 7c, 8c. The ioc ones are 4 and 4V2 : i>XK^
it is to make it doubly profitable . ivotayarawat tvouiani sen rcaatiy m $ 3 . 9S - for Walking . Skirts (special). Some of inches wide. The 12c ones are the 25c qual- /Jp&dk <£^0wS-? XV^CX^
i/V/ci/. 1 -Rj>nUnU- ' ¦ ¦ the regular My. thft snappiest all-wool mixtures, grays ity. Then 15c, i;e, 20c and 25c. Think of a &M]&%\ %M8®^ /<^^XlW^
MV-SW Iteata/S. j ., . >i l * • j and browns, with fancy straps of the same ¦*>':J%L r :uuJL f/ r ~ e ~ o C rlrh an <1 fiM VV *« -K/yW^SKk J*S^a9 WS7^ \«yi
Every afternoon ¦ this week: 2 :x S . 3:00, 3*5. U. that IV on t make usfnends. material; a: five-gore /are, all lengths and gfgg^? for ™ ** *$&&* "^ §&
?ott\?L~ h m^™^ -,; " " " All .the pretty .-shades are' here; cham- Bulgarian Collars We.
Columbia will be sung. As also . A pure silk doth-without a taint of cheap- rp n ' ± n' , pagnes, biscuits, browns, navies, cardinals, -
These Specials at 18: ness. P One . we have never had before under Tan Cov-rt Coats , creams, old rose, pinks, bfaes, etc. ........ ¦^^^^^¦^^ 7^Ubti^
'•lKZgF%t£?&&£F a Plnei " 75C ' 2 P ° « S ', ri,' 7 L ¦¦-„/, -« : i ,V The best vaIues we have seen - White, Dress Stuffs ' broidered in Bulgarian colorings.
"¦jToMffi 1 &SSS&&; . ¦• ' 9 ° C .S& d wiS le a" See^f^r^fi^id^fe ffi5 Not^ only one or two styles, but as . J „ , . '' 35O dozen (4200). Who knows how long
Music Department, second floor. , them special once at 80c. They went like ; CTeat a - variety ' of tOV Mai/ OC LITIQ they Wllllast?
• 1f*>n\* TTnsiprif Unrfprirpnv Double Faced Peau de Sales. 75c— An extra heavy f&5S3$2§ufo them as it is possible A ii f n iT; no . nr ; r -, . -•>-> 15c— Venise lace stock collars, worth 25c with
cUCll > nObieilf. unnericear. . cloth It . s the good weignt v , om cn like; 21 in. liff^S^P^^i tn finrl ¦ AI1 icUm S pnees. r medallion shaped tabs. With beads and jew-
- 7- wide; regular price. 90c. VSxBmjSFs >' •¦"»""• _ n( j at a tellinsr time, with SO many els (which you can put on them); they arc
izlic for Hosiery; regular 20c grade, fine French *i.oo Peau de Soies at 85c— Heavy double faced. iaBf < BBfe / . ?5-OO» $6.75. $7.50, wa :- t e c'rirts frocrs and rraduatin^ dre^-es handsome collars; white, butter and Arabian
lisle, blacks or tans, all sizes; o's to 11%. doth. 21 in. wide; a quality you wouldn't ex- W 9^^ $8 75 and $1000 waists, si.irib, irocK-a anu grauuaun b are^ei, sha des
29c for Underwear; 50c values; Balbriggan shirts 'SB^Black Pfeau de Sofesat 95c '.-* '2- in. double Not a jacket' that tO b « m .;,r • • ,, . x , \<- u ioc— Swiss embroidered collars; worth 15c and
- and drawers; summer weight, drawers with ... ' »• 25 fa^ c & o P n f u ve % i^^Uly^VuA^n^U. WL isn't satin or silk lined- Oxf ? rd Xf aiS ?" RS ffi SSSfiS^S^ «ml ' **'> turn-over effects with fancy tabs; hun-
double seats, with heavy silesia. extension under n.25. . *67sMm*^ some of them have • lengths, but we h cut them for you same dreds of the daintiest patterns we have seen.
*. bands in the back; every sue. «1 00 r,narantPPH Tnffpt^Q 7^r ' fancy bishop sleeves* as if they were not The patterns are Then to think they are half-price, ioc.
7 $1.UU Guaranteed lattetaS at 75C FT// \ others trim tailored fancy woven idps Other Oxford waist- I5c -Swiss embroidered collars; worth 25c; stocks
Voile Dress Skirts Q?t\C ' Th *P cst ualit y we can S ct to seI1 . at 0 '' I \ \ coat sleeves; some with whit.'TtinBax^SI "waT-^a/^A beautiful ! and turn-over effects, with clever tab and
— — 1 Tl ; ,%.-| tJ/l a quality- we. can guarantee against imperfec- § if \ \ turn-back - cuffs, some W me?cer?zedT"h, li&iitsummer weight. 45c bishop effects, any number of patterns, in dam-
'To SlimriSe J±>1 at V^*-^»^^«-^ , tions. If there does .happen to be a flaw we I \ A A scalloped and set off quality. -*'¦ ty openwork, floral, applique and blind stitch
- . will take it back the same as if you paid full \\ \ /\ \ with buttons Some Dama.it w»iitinsr«, 28c—Shecr stuffs with woven idcas .
- We expected to sell them at $5.00, like we did the P"cc ; \ 11/ have no cotlar, othSs pauerna; pretty enough for full dresses, 3 o c I5c Shaped embroidered collars; worth 25c;
' last lot we had. Those went so quickly that -tfi oc .Cw>r*n\t>aA. Tfiffofoc of «1 OH V ¦: Xti&r^l- ¦ I coat collars; some strap lace Striped %mwnn. 12 Me. 15c— For full dresses, large floral tabs, embroidered in pink, blue,
many women have been waiting for these *- L " UUaranieea 1 anetaS at Wi 4 1 seams > somc corded/ wv.^^^'^S-The soft finished material for „• navy, brown, Persian and Bulgarian colorings,
and expect to pay $5.00. What a stir there Another of .Hale's celebrated taffetas that we (\. \iMf-^™ others pleated; but the S5c?66c to75c!° • • .Where did you ever see such a choosing at
will be when they find out that they are find ready sale for at $1.25. But to make a LvfiwHw^-Jf sweetest ones have belts, white India x.inon«— Special quality at 16c; 32 in. 1O c and 15c? So many stvles and ri^ht
. niv $.?9.v Blacks and blues trimmed with Rood thing as good as we can we made spc- X^(W*^h^fSS^ which you see to the wn^L. „!„„« T>voto"-0c in the heiVht of their nnnnhritv' °
taffeta bands at the flounce and over the cial arrangements for a lot of it to sell at $1.00. *JxS& S f&f1F best advantage in these g dress ducks' li%c 15c and "Oc , • g « ? • POpuiantj i
' ¦ hips, forming a panel front. 24 inches wide. vr—|,» it V at $8.75. White organdies. 68 in. "wide, 25c to * 1.75. Anniversary OlienngS, indeed. , -»&,.
' . Hales— a store with the ¦proudest history, the x brightest future.
Sraphophoncs f^^K^ /lan^^y Records \
I Prince of Entertainers, j
A The CotamWa .Qraplhoplhoee /
- \ Everybody Can < Have One Now /
\, Columbia Phonograph Co., Oen'l /
•N^V-" M/rs. .Disc and Cylinder Grapkophones and Records f
•^^ 125 Geary: Street; San Francisco
. :. Open Saturday Evenings
BALE'S.
HALE'6.
nUiE»S,
HALE'S.
HALE'S,
HALE'S.
HALE'S.