SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 3/ 1904.
NOTABLE METHODISTS ASSEMBLE
IN LOS ANGELES TO TAKE PART
IN GREAT CHURCH CONFERENCE
MINIMIZES THE VICTORY.
.' BERLIN, May 2.— The evening
newspapers minimlz^- the importance
of the Japanese victory, which they
aver is what German military men ex
pected all along. The National Zei
tung thinks. the engagement proves
that previous estimates of the Rus
sian strength on the Yalu were greatly
exaggerated. , . The loss of their - artil
lery. ¦ the - Tagellche Rundeschau
says, throws an unfavorable. light on
the character of the Russian retreat.
War News Continued on Pas« 1»
FIGHT 0 HEAVY - ODDS.
Slavs «i Greatly - Outnumbered i by ' Jap
anese Anny of Invasion. '
ST.y PETERSBURG; s May. V 2.^-The
FALEM. Ore.. May 2.— Alleging that
poor food was being served, forty-five
convicts at the penitentiary threw down
their tools last Friday. They were giv
en two minutes by Warden Curtis to
return to their tasks. A guard armed
with a. rifle backed up the alternative
given by the warcen. who said they
coiild stay in JIne in the chapel Indefin
itely if they refused. News of the re
volt was made known this morning.
Convicts In Orccron Mutinyv
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 2. — D. P.
Evans of .Bowling Green, Ohio, started
from the City, Hall here to-day for San
Francisco, pushing a wheelbarrow, to
pay" an election bet. Evans wagered
that Mayor Johnson would be elected
Governor of, Ohio last fall, the loser to
push a wheelbarrow 'across the '- con
tinent ; from Cleveland ; to , San Fran
cisco and, return, and also to make the
journey without : money. • Evans . ; ex
pects to earn enough to pay his ex
penses en route.
Loser Chose Jfnyor Johnson to Win
; In Ohio and Now He Must Walk
to San ' Francisco.
ROLLS WHEELBARROW TO ' ; ;
PACIFIC TO PAY A BET
RENO. -May,: 2.— One of * the most
daring robberies • coraml tted ; in Reno
took, place last night, when six mer
chandise cars ,of a train standing In
front of ;the passenger . depot^in . this
city were ; plundered, property*. to the
value of about $2000 being Btolen. *
The theft was not I discovered until
the train was about to pull out., At
this time the" Chief <"of Police' was in
formed that .members of, the band im
plicated were endeavoring 'to ; sell ; : a
portion of -the ¦ stolen property.;- Since
that time, the : officers :^rand k : : railroad
men have Ibeen working on' the. case,"
but thus far have ; only, succeeded * In
making one arrest; — ~
Two Thousand Dollars'. Worth of Mer
chandise Stolen at Depot at
Night.
DARING KOBBEKS LOOT
RAILWAY CARS AT RENO
"Mother Dreiel" Makes Handsome
Donation- to Found Technical
School In Nebraska. 0
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, May 2. — Miss
Katharine Drexel, now "Mother
Drexel," head of the Order of the
Blessed Sacrament, a Catholic order
for women, • of" which she was the
founder, is* reported to _have an
nounced a sift. of $500,000 to found a
technical school among the Indians of
Nebraska, the Winnebago tribe. (
Mother- "Drexel, of the famous
Philadelphia family, has givenUwo or
three million dollars for work among
Indians, in which her order is spe
cially .devoted. Bishop Garrigan of
the. Sioux City diocese confirms the
stories that he' has received
notification of the gift,; but is not yet
able to give details of the donor's
plan. - ; •
GIVES HALF MILLION
TO EDUCATE INDIANS
. LOS ANGELES. May 2.— Joseph Fel
lows, the Terminal Island boat builder,
and five companions are believed to
have gone to the bottom in the terrific
Ka!p that has swept the southern coast.
The party left Catalina Island on the
yawl Minerva Sunday for the main
land, and to-night at 11 o'clock launches
returning from cruises of search as far
south 85 Newport and extending over
to Catalina Island reported nothing
pec-n of the boat or its crew. With
Fellows were Ed Ross, Dave Barry.
George Cramer. George Graham and
Homer Evans. The craft was one
which Fellows had built as a cruiser.
Thp men were in his employ, and he
planned th<? trip as a pleasure cruise
for them. Thp boat was scantily pro
visioned. Buffeted by the gale, she
dra££ed her anchors In the bay at
Avalon. and that is supposed to be the
reason for her putting to eea.
The storm caused preater damage
thsn was at first believed. Wharf N'o.
S at Redondo was battered bo that re
pairs will cost thousands of dollars.
The schooner Gardiner City of San
Francisco Jp nearly a total loss.
FEAR THAT FIVE MEX
PERISHED IX A STORM
rcrmina! Inland Boat Builder and His
< onipatiion- Disappear During
Disai^rous Gale.
The actions of the mother were caus
ed by the fact that she had been with
out food for several days. She was
brought to a Spokane hospital.
SPOKANE, Wash., May 2.— As the
west bound train neared Columbia
Falls, Montana, this morning, Mrs.
Mary Flgleski, a Polish woman, be
came violently Insane. Before any one
could intervene she thrust her hand
through the glass window and threw
her baby qut. She was in the act of
Jumping through the window when she
was caught by the passengers.
The train was running at full speed
and it was some distance before it was
brought to a standstill. When the
train backed up every one expected to
find the lifeless remains of the child,
but when it was picked up It was
found to be full of life and commenced
to yell lustily. The cKild was prac
tically uninjured, with the nxception of
a few slight scratches. It is supposed
that when it fell it struck in a- lot of
shrubbery and rolled into the small
mud hole where it was found.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Insane Mother Tries
to Murder an
1111(1111.
Under cover of powerful batteries
north of Sindiagow, the Japanese
crossed to Kosan, occupying the height.
As the latter position would have, en
abled;-them to : direct a raking fire
against -the . Russians at ; Kuliencheng,
General, Sassulitch ordered it to be re
taken on Friday. This was done.^but
on Saturday • the Japanese, under cover
of a battery, reoccupied it, the defend
ers falling back across the Litzanvena
and continuing the .fight with the Japa
nese'.who were, attempting, to flank
them'from Chingow. , r
! TheN Russian \ forces . at Antung -and
Kuliencheng, had meanwhile ; retreated
to, their- second line, a few. miles west
.ward. ;,The j whole .Russian, force ) en
gaged formed a semicircle,
thehorns of which -were being gradu
ally drawn in preparatory to retiring
to; a position, farther west. This was
the situation when the las£, Russian of
ficial reports weresent. . ...
. A "member, of the staff -said that the
issue ultimately, turned, probably, upon
whether. • the . order . to ; withdraw, was
given at; the proper time. A slight de
lay at ' a: critical, moment jnlght « have
"enabled -; the ~ enemy's vastly :." superior
The, Japanese force, the staff believes,
approximates 100,000 men, of which four
divisions, thirteen battalions and fifty
six guns were in action. .The Japanese
prepared for crossing the river by post
ing all of their available guns, of which
the Russians say the Japanese had'flve
times mor» than "they, along the line
facing Kuliencheng and Antung, and
al?o landed' from their warships forty
seven guns. • This array of artillery,
eventually made . Kullencheng unten
able. ' >/¦-: . . .'-. * •-'-'.•<-. '~T : Z
- ..-. -•*,•¦¦- ' , '• ¦ ¦ i
press ( has obtained from ' the general
staff an outline of -the operations on
the; Yalu "River during the past week.
The : Russian force, including the re
serves, was composed of General Kash
tilinsky's rifle division, GeneralMist
chenko's Cossack outposts and a bri
gade of artillery, the whole under Gen
eral Sassulitch. Knowledge of geogra
phy, is essential to a clear understand
ing.. The Russian lines were at Kulien
chenfe, opposite Wiju, and at Antung,
both on the Fengwangchengr road. Ai
mile north of Kuliencheng lies the vil- |
lage of.Potitlnsky. near a tributary of
the Litzavena,^flve miles up which is
Chingow. On the opposite side of Poti- i
tinsky stands Kosan, which is a dom
inating height. Still higher on the right
of the Yalu is the village fo Ambikhe.
at the confluence of the Alplke. The
whole course of the Yalu between Am
bikhe and Antung is i divided, by isl
ands, the largest, Somalinda, facing
Kuliencheng. Another lies between Ko
san and Sindiagow. . : ..'¦
RUSSIAN GUARD . POSTED . AT A
FARMHOUSE ON THE MAN
CHURIAN FRONTIER.
As soon as Kullencheng was entered
the Japanese, who were pursuing the
enemy, charged their artillery and cap
tured twenty, guns. ' A large number of
Russians, --including ten officers, were
taken prisoners. • , .
The Russian casualties are described
as enormous. Their commander in
chief and* other generals are reported
to have been wounded. The Japanese
casualties were about 700 killed and
wounded.
Although* careful not. to; overrate the
Importance of the successful. operations
on - the Yalu, 'the Japanese regard with
satisfaction their "main aspects and re
sult..,They believe General Kuroki out
maneuvered \the Russians and -that
thebehavlor.'of the rank and file of his
army left nothing to be/desired. They
acknowledge ' that the ; Russians fought
well, , ; but I assert | that they -. failed to
make -good" the Russian pretension' that
the Muscovite soldier is superior to the
Japanese.,'
g It is estimated that; the tactical value
of Kuroki's success is considerable and
its moral value is very.' great. The fact
that the large; Russian army is, retreat
in jf j before i the j Japanese cannot • fail | to
depress . the; Russians 'and j correspond
ingly .elate ;the ; Japanese.' The ¦ Tokio
Government has -Jbeen 1 aware all 'along
that even '.the' best /friends ¦ of 'the' isl
anders feared they Would' be eaten up
by the Muscovites. on land; . It ventures
to believe. that thecrbssing of the Yaiu
and the .storming of Kuropatkln's ad
vanced position will cause, the world: to
revise' its .estimate of 'the military ca
pacity of the Japanese. ¦-¦
Heavy fighting and, serious losses are
expected'- to ; mark ;the.- campaign - from
this 'point the, Tokio Gov
ernment/is: increasingly confident ¦ that
General : Kuroki". and the; generals.com
inanding.thejsecond and third Japanese
armies \wiU;ibe. able ; before to
drive f 4 Genefal '- Kuropatkih's 'i army ~ out
of, alhpositions in : Southern i Manchuria.
TOKIO, May, 2.— Further reports re
ceived here from Kuliencheng state
that the bombardment began at dawn
yesterday ¦ and that the 'Japanese ar
tillery, had silenced the strong Russian
forts by 7 o'clock. '¦• .
-Then the infantry occupied the ele
vated land around Kosan. The Japan
ese line was extended' for four miles
and I by : twenty minutes - to 9 o'clock
they had destroyed seven , forts ¦ and
seized eight guns, despite the. Russians'
stubborn resistance. •
Special Cable to ". The Call and ' New
York; Herald. Copyright, 1904, by
tile \ New. -York Herald. Publishing
Company.
Fengwangcheng, to which the Rus
sians have. fallen back, is some thirty
or forty miles northwest of
inside or west of the famous Willow
Palisade, ; wl«Uh was once the boun
dary of . Manchuria. This point also
controls the famous Peking road, the
great caravan and trade route running
via Liaoyang, Fengwangcheng and
Antung and connecting the Chinese
capital with : Korea.
It is evident that the fighting has
been confined to the Talu estuary,
which is now in the hands of the Jap
anese.
WASHINGTON', May 2. — The exact
extent and location of the movements
along the Lower Talu River are some
what obscured by the confusion of
geographic names. Kullencheng.
which was the main objective of tha
Japanese attack, the spelling of which
is given In the Russian dispatches as
Turenchen and in the Tokio reports
as Chiutiencheng, is west of the
bank of the Yalu, a few miles north
of Antung. The preliminary opera
tions which resulted in the Japanesa
occupation of.Kosan, or Khussan. also
took place on the west bank of the
Talu, thus enabling thi3 force to move
down from the north in conjunction
with the main Japanese attack de
livered on Sunday morning against
Kuliencheng. The fall of this
strategically important place made the
holding of Antung. nearly opposite
Wiju. across the Yalu, impossible and
caused the Russians to burn and aban
don the town.
Location of Various Points Mentioned
in the War Dispatches.
artillery to concentrate on the Russian
guns, killing horses and gunners and
compelling the abandonment of the
guns. But if so the Russian plans will
not be changed by accidental losses.
General Sassulitch would continue his
retreat, contesting stubbornly a possi
ble Japanese advance along- the Feng
wangcheng road, which runs through a
hilly country, crowded with heights
and exactly suited to Russian tactics.
A
THEATER OF THE FIGHTING.
HURLS HER
BABE FROM
FAST TRAIN
METHODIST WHO WILL BE CON
SPICUOUS AT THE LOS AN
GELES CONFERENCE.
All of the hundreds of Methodists
who had spent Sunday In the canyon,
intending to leave Sunday evening,
were detained until near noon to-day,
when the wreck. was cleared' away and
trains began to move. There nev°r
had been so large a crowd in the can
yon. The Santa Fe Railroad built a
mile of extra sidetracks to accommo
date the many trains.
To-day lots were drawn for spats for
the different delegations and final ar
rangements made for the accommoda
tion of the visitors In. the pavilion. Two
entire floors, including assembly rooms,
offices, general departments and exhi
bition space In the old Chamber "• of
Commerce building, within a stone'a
throw of the conference headquarters,
have been reserved for a world-wide
missionary exhibit, the biggest show of
the kind ever, undertaken by any.
church and the first to be held in this
country.
WRECK CAUSES DELAY.
As the time diminishes before the
opening session of the 1904 quadrennial
conference its importance grows and
all eyes are secretly turned on the can
didates to the episcopacy. The first
big debate on this, the biggest question
before the conference, will probably re
late to the number of new bishops to
be elected. The present episcopacy, it
is rumored, has taken the most con
servative stand it could and will recom
mend the election of but three bishops.
The laity and many prominent divines
representing varied interests of the
church, both home and foreigm, are
said to be coming to the conference
with a fixed determination to set forth
the necessity for and then demand the
election of at least eight bishops. While
the episcopacy has not a vote it is un
derstood it will exert all its power to
counteract this laity movement.
The Methodist Conference excursion
ists had twenty-four hours longer at
the Grand Canyon of the Colorado than
scheduled owing to a wreck of the reg
ular canyon train 'that blocked the
line in front of the excursionists. The
wreck occurred at Valla, Ariz., thirty
miles west of Williams.
INTEREST IN CANDIDATES.
LOS ANGELES, May 2.— The hand
clasps of old friends, the heartfelt
greetings of brethren in the same
faith, intermingled with a general
schoolboy spirit of expectant pleasure,
characterized the little bunches of
human Methodism gathered here, there
and everywhere to-day in Lo's Angeles.
Two special trains from the East over
the Southern Pacific brought 400 dele
gates to-day and other hundreds ar
rived on the regular trains. To
morrow fourteen special trains are due
on both railroads and on these 3000
delegates and others to attend the
great world conference are expected.
Headquarters at the Westminster
Hotel, the new Chamber of Commerce
and Hazard's Pavilion were filled with
a continuous stream of new arrivals.
All depots for north, east and south
bound trains were practically taken
over by Methodists, members of
the local entertainment committee.
Flowers, fruits and boundless sunshine
were heaped upon the incomers, who
were conveyed directly from the sta
tions to their respective hotels.
Fraternal delegates who will arrive
to-morrow include the Rev. William
Dobson of the Canadian Methodist
church, pastor of Windsor, Nova
Scotia, and the Rev. John C. Kelso of
the Methodist Episcopal Church
South.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Religious Topics of
>
Discussed.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, May 2.— Miss Edith
Sutherland, eldest daughter of „ the late
Surgeon General/Charles Sutherland
of "ttaV United StfJfes areiy.-died here
last" slight at hcv homo from"' the. effecta
of laudanum poisoning." She took the
dose secretly and passed away quietly
while she lay on a couch and. was be
ing read to by her aged mother. The
latter, not noticing that her. daughter
had fallen asleep, continued" to read
from 3 o'clock in the afternoon until
about C o'clock in ' the evening, when
she spoke and received no reply. Going
to ' the couch Mrs. Sutherland shook
her daughter, and, receiving no reply,
felt her pulse, which was scarcely per
ceptible. Mrs. Sutherland became
alarmed and succeeded in partly
arousing Miss Edith.
"Wake, up, Edith," called Mrs.
Sutherland, who surmised that the girl
had taken laudanum, as she had done
on previous occasions. "You know
how bad you will feel to-morrow from
this."
The dying girl half opened her eyes
and murmured:
"There will be no to-morrow - this
time, mother." .
Then she closed her eyes again.
Dr. Sutherland, the dead girl's
father, some years ago was stationed
at the Presidio in San Francisco and,
on assuming charge of the medical
department of the Pacific division of
the army, was in affluent circum
stances. While stationed there the
general became acquainted with some
of the numerous mining schemers who
swarmed In the Golden . Gate city,
with the result that he lost nearly all
of his money. Through the. influence
of friends and after her father's death
Miss Sutherland obtained a clerkship
in the pension office, where she applied
herself to her duties so assiduously to
obtain a promotion and so be better
enabled to give her young sisters and
brothers an education that her health
failed and she became for a long time
a nervous wreck. She was finally
obliged to .resign her position and
make a prolonged stay in a sanitarium
near Baltimore.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A little more than 416,000 acres of
rich land in the Rosebud reservation
In South Dakota will likewise be
thrown open about the same time.
There win be a great rush when the
time comes for opening the reservation
The Fuccessful contestants will be ask
rd by the Government to pay $3 per
ec Z~. for earh Quarter-section taken up.
The R»»d Lake reservation In Minne
eota holds out to the public a little
more than 400,000 acres of fertile land.
During the session of Congress which
adjourned last week, bills were pre
pared providing for the opening to
public settlement of four Indian reser
vations. One of these reservations is
in Montana. One million ten thousand
acres of rich land within its boundaries
Are to be thrown upen to public set
tlement. The prize winners must pay
the Federal Government 51 25 an acre.
In this reservation the homesteader
rnay acauire 640 acres. The opening
V'JH occur in August.
The other tracts to be opened are
the Rosebud reservation in South Da
kota, the Devils Lake reservation in
North Dakota and the Red Lake res
ervation in Minnesota. These are at
tracting particular attention at this
time. Only 104,416 acres of land in the
Devils Lake reservation in North Da
kota are to be opened to settlement.
The land is very rich and successful
epplicants must pay the Government
?4 50 per acre for the land if they set
tle upon it.
occur this summer in western States.
Tlify will be conducted, und^^h^au^
;:¦-'•: of the United State ji^»5£vVrn-'
ment ar.d are to be lor setters of
homesteads in the west. * T:
Thf-se lotteries will be memorable
events and will eclipse the great lot
teries which occurred in Oklahoma
three years ago when 13,000 quarter
sections of land were dangled as prizes
before more than 300,000 anxious appli
cants.
Fptcial IM5i>atch to The C*ll
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON*.
WASHINGTON, Mas- 2.— Four of the
greatest of lotteries that the American
people have ever participated in will
Unfortunate Young Woman Daughter
of Late Surgeon General j)f
the Regular Army.
Government Will Require Them to Pay
but a Nominal Sum for Vir
gin Soil of the West.
Rich Land Awaits the Lucky
Homesteaders Who
Reach It First
Lies Dying While Unsus
pecting Mother Reads
to Her Aloud,
Four Reservations
to Be Opened
This Year.
Miss Edith Suther
land Takes Dose
of Poison.
ENDS HER
LIFE WITH
LAUDANUM
SETTLERS
WILL RUSH
FOR HOMES
TOKIO, May 3.— General Kuroki's army is now in control of the entire Manchurian side of the Yalu, and a division that has been thrown across some distance
to the north of the scene of Sunday's fighting is now pushing forward in an attempt to cut off the retreating Russians before they can reach the main position at
Fengwangcheng. Should the Russians be intercepted they would be in danger of annihilation. In Sunday's fighting the Japanese forces carried seven successive lines
of entrenchments, the fighting in some instances being hand-to-hand. Some of the captured Russian guns were taken in a bayonet charge.
ANNIHILATION THREATENS RUSSIAN FORCE NOW IN RETREAT FROM THE YALU;
JAPANESE DIVISION HURRYING TO CUT OFF ESCAPE OF FLEEING MUSCOVITES
VOLUME XCV— NO. 155.
Torec&rt made at Ban Tran
clsco for thirty hours endiner
mldnlffht. May 3:
San Francisco and vicinity —
Fair Tuesday; warmer; lisrht
north wind, changing' to fresh
west. ALEX. O. MCADIE,
District Forecaster.
THE WEATEIft. •
Alemzar — "Tie Promote."
California — "Tom's Wedding-
Otft. 1 *. .
Central— "Dr. Jekyll and Kr.
Hyd»." »*/
Chuteg— Vaudeville. W-
Colombia — "Boftr Brothers In
London."
Grand — "I* To«oa."
Mechanics' PavUloa — Pure rood
and tnduatrlal Exposition.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tlvoll — "When Joaxtar ' Comes
Marching Home."
The San Francisco Call
I THEC''THXATXaS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Se ve n : • Russian Forts
Are' Stormed and
; Captured.
Slav Force Is Crippled
by the Loss of
Many Guns.When/Kamimurai was compelled to
suspend his attack upon Vladivostok
he moved to the southward and again
passed the; Russians on their way
north after the Ge,nsan raid.
As soon as Kamimura returned to
"Ihe Korean coast he learned that 'the
Kinshlu Maru was missing, and imme- I
dlately returned^ to the north In!
search and oursult. He found three,
of the boats belonging to the Kin- 1
shiu Maru floating at sea. He then
detached * some - cruisers from his.
squadron and ordered them to search I
certain ' inlets In 1 the \ vicinity of Nanl
wa: These vessels discovered some '
Russian mines at Izumi and exploded '
1 1 1 1 in JJltlljiJii HiLP-li 11 ft ililkii IMliMIlp^^ "HPfffr
; VVice Admiral, Kamimura closes his 1"
report -by, saying that the continuance
of the fogr since Thursday has prevent*
ed , a i'renewal of the ' attack. "
Admiral Kamimura's Report of Vlad
ivostok Squadron's Escape.
TOKIO. May 2.— Vice Admiral
Kamimura, who is in command of the
Japanese squadron which . has been
operating recently against - Vladivos
tok, has sent In a. report from Gen
san. Korea, dated Sunday, in which he
says that the impenetrable fog twice
forced the abandonment of the at
tack on Vladivostok, and twice spared
the Russian squadron. a sea fight.
While Kamimura' was steaming
northward the first time he passed
the Russian squadron bound south on
the raid to Gensan. which resulted in
the sinking of the Japanese merchant
steamship Goyo Maru and the trans
port Klnshiu Maru. The Japanese and
Russian squadrons must have passed
very close to each other,' for- the Jap
anese: were conscious of < the presence
of the enemy. 1HSS8
FOG SAV T ES RUSSIAN SHIPS.
TIENTSIN. May 2.— Two hundred
Russians are intrenching themselves
on the Liao River, three' miles from*
Sinmintung, employing Chinese labor
ers. Sinmintung is twd miles from
Koupangtse, a permanent Russian
camp. A detachment of 180 men is
patrolling the railroad lines.
Intrenching on Liao River.
Impossible and famine . appears inev
itable.
"With this dreadful accompaniment
of war there is onlv too likely to be
a rising among the Manchurians. They
may attack, the Russians or they may
attack us. Either case is bad enough
to contemplate.
"To help us sit down and await } all
these contingencies we are working
day and night on the Korean railway,
and bv October the unfinished portions
of the road between Fusan and Seoul
will be completed and a new line from
Seoul to Wiju will be ready. -Locomo
tives are coming from the United
States and as soon as these arrive we
will have a strons and rapid line of
communication through all, Kore3,
which will almost touch our mainland,
and we will not be likely to suffer
from want of • supplies or reinforce
ments.
"As regards Port Arthur and Vladi
vostok the situation is somewhat dif
ferent. I cannot say anything about
the movements of our other armies
that have been mobilized, but there is
no. doubt that the Liaotung peninsula
will be cut oft from supplies if any
success attends our land forces.
Neither Port Arthur nor Vladivostok
can be taken from the sea front, but
I think you will find Port Arthur
either taken bv our land forces . or
starved out by September. The Chinese
are smuggling provisions into Port Ar
thur now from Chef u, but only to an
immaterial extent and that will soon
cease.
"Vice Admiral Togo doubtless will
remain on watch outside Port Arthur.
By September, when the hurricane
season comes, he should be able to
safely house his fleet in a Japanese
port. No fleet, Russian or Japanese,
could be particularly effective then.
I scarcely think Russia will send her
Baltic fleet to face our autumn hur
ricanes. If the ships go before then
they will encounter the monsoon
period, which lasts from May to Au
gust, and in which coaling? at sea en
route to Japan would be exceptionally
dangerous, if not impossible, and coal-
Ing at sea is the only way the Baltic
fleet can take a hand in the war."
• Referring to the long period which
elapsed between the declaration of war
and the land fighting,. Minister Hay
ashi said: . ;
"That waiting, which taxed "the-'pa
tience of the world, has been a busy
and exciting time for us." Our* troops
have been continually marching and
working in anticipation of striking the
blow which would initiate the cam
paign in Manchuria.
"I do not think our morale has been
in any .way 'affected by what Is-.so
erroneously described aa a period of
inaction. ' General Kuroki mayt, even
by his own countrymen, be thought to
be rather slow, but .it. Is better to be
sure.
"The most unfortunate . incident of
the : , campaign luptoj date Is Vice Ad
miral Kamimura's misfortune in miss
ing the Vladivostok fleet. , It seems
from here that it was a pity that the
vice . admiral did t not . stay outside of
the port, -Instead/ of trying, to, find the
Russians in the open sea." : .-' ,
ST. PETERSBURG, May 2.— It is
reported here that a column of about
3000 Russians approached Gensan
j'esterday and a similar number of
Japanese sallied forth to repel them.
Severe fighting ensued, with consid
erable loss on both sides. The Jap
anese eventually retired into Gensan:
Two important Russians "officers were
wounded.
and - Is ' Engaged by Garrison.
Kussinn Column Attacks the Town
BATTLE FOUGHT AT GENSAN.
MOSCOW, May 2. — The Slav's Port
Arthur correspondent reports that the
repairs to the damaged battleships
have been almost completed. The.pro
tected cruiser Pallada ia out of dock
and work on the battleship Retvtzan
is advancing:. The divers who have
been searching. the wreck of the bat
tleship Petropavlovsk in the hope of
recovering the body of Vice Admiral.
Makaroff have practically abandoned
their efforts.
Damaged Battleships Repaired.
BERLIN. May 2. — Edward Bern
stein, a member of the Reichstag, be
gins the publication to-day of a new
Socialist weekly, entitled Das Neue
Montagsblatt, wherein he advocates
the revision of the socialist creed so
that it shall be less Idealistic and more
a programme of practical reform.
Herr Bernstein prefaces hi3 editorial
column with the following questions:
"Is It known to the German Gov
ernment that torpedo-boats and de
stroyers for the Russian Government
are being: built at one of the largest
German shipyards? Is It known to
the Government that in order to dis
guise this breach of neutrality the
several parts of the vessels are ex
ported as half-finished manufactures
and put together in LIbau, Russia? Is
it known, finally, that tho building of
these war vessels Is ?o urgent that
work proceeds from 5 a. m. to 9
p. m.?" .
New Socialist Journal Notes Alleged
Violations of Neutrality.
GER3IANTS AID TO RUSSIA.
"This year's harvest in Manchuria, I
learn, promises to be bad. : A million
Russians there, in addition to the Army,
must be fed. We' have, or shall have
dosed everv source of food supply ex
cept by the Siberian railroad. Even
with double tracks and no men or
munitions of war to transport, the
problem of feeding the Russian popu
lation and army in Manchuria would
be in itself intensely serious; but with
a sinsle-track road, which Is Russia's
only vital sinew,- it means the almost
view of the large number, of Russian
troops opposed to us. Its significance
must largely depend on our ability to
pursue the enemy." , . "WV : ''
Reviewing the whole future of the
struggle that has just' commenced ia
such deadly earnest on land Baron
Haj-ashi said:
"The duration of the war must lie
rather with Russia than with Japan.
For the moment the military advantage
is with us, for Kuropatkin has extend
ed his front and. we can strike where
and when we will. Our aggressive
movement may be carried on to Muk
den, perhaps to Harbin and perhaps
even further; but before long there
must come a stage of the campaign
where Russia will assume the role cf
Invading power and where we must
act solely on the defense. From the
beginning' it has been so ( and our ag
gression is and has been but a meaus
toward the eventual repulsion of an
invading army.
"General Kuroki himself probably
cannot say at this moment at exactly
what point our aggression will be
changed into • the defensive. Kuropat
kin, so I believe, says he will not un
dertake to drive us back until he haa
300,000 men ready to take the field. I
think what that means Is that at least
5 ner cent of that force will die from
sickness, so that to keep his force at
the maximum required Kuropatkin will
always have to be transporting 15,00-)
lr.tn from St. Petersburg— no small
tack.
RUSSIANS FACE FAMINE.
..LONDON. May 2.— Baron Hayashi.
the Japanese Minister h?re. who has
been the recipient of numerous tele
• prams nf congratulation on the Jap&n
. */=e succ<>s«rs~on the Yalu, . especially
i,i the result of the first serious fight
ing, said to-day:
"The immediate result of General
.Kuroki's success probably 'will be a
¦movement on Fengwangcheng. which
• the Chinese have fortified with their
usual brick rtructures. Since the com
rpencernent cf the war the Russians
ck-ubtlegs have added earthworks, but
their loss of guns yesterday must seri
ously diminish t^elr defensive
" streneth.
"I understand, "though I cannot
• vouch ffT the absolute accuracy of the
statement, that Russia had only 100
' gtins in Manchuria. If that is the case
her artillery strength has been dimin
ished a!rr.G5t one-third.
"They fight well, these Russians, and
¦ KengAvangcbeng will not be taken
without a Ftrupgle unless General Ku
fopatkin changes his plan of campaign.
The announcement that the Russians
xvill not contest the crossing of the
jj Yalu hat proved, as we thought, to be
rriiEleading: Thirty thousand men is
far loc larce a body for any general
to. leave in the face of the enemy if
it were merely intended to hamper his
movements. Kuropatkin evidently
jneant to make a determined resist
..a.nce. but he either underestimated our
r.trensth or disposed his forces in the
belief that we would not venture a
frontal attack. MftK
- CONTROL THE YALU RIVER.
"I take it from the dispatches re
etived that we have now practlcallj' se
cured control of both banks of the
Yalu. In consequence our base will
t-robablj- be moved to Antung.
"To be perfectly frank, I must" say
I expected yesterday's engagement
• vc'uld be more decisive, especially In
Baron Hayashi Says Port Arthur and
Vladivostok Are Doomed to
Fall Before Autumn.
As an indication of General Kuropat
kin's anxiety regarding the where
abouts of Japan's second army, the
Morning Post's Shanghai correspondent
lays that all the Russian trops sta
tioned in Chanchu, Fuchau, Haicheng.
Kaiping- and other v places have been
dispatched along the seacoast to watch
for a Japanese landing.
According to the Shanhaikwan corre
spondent of the Daily Telegraph, evi
dence Is accruing that China's neutral
ity is tottering. -The Tartar generals in
Kirin and Fengtien, the correspondent
Few further details have yet been
received, but it seems that the Jap
anese Imperial Guards fought with
conspicuous bravery and sustained the
brunt of the fighting, losing heavily.
Some accounts speak of bayonet
charges. ¦
It is evident that the Japanese suc
cess Is largely due to the superiority of
their artillery, the Russians' guns being
too light.
The Japanese victory has caused
complete surprise in the European capi
tals and is expected to lead to difficulty
in Russia's efforts to raise a loan.
The Standard's Tientsin correspond
ent, cabling under date of May 2, says
that Viceroy Alexieff has sent a lengthy
dispatch to General Ma, commanding
the Chinese troops, informing him that
the occasion may arise for Russia to
>»crease her forces in Sinmintung,
'Chengyang: and other places, and re
questing him to withdraw the Chinese
military and police. An answer, the
correspondent says. Is -required within
three days.
LONDON, May 3. — The latest dis
patches received here confirming the
completeness of the Japanese victory
on the Yalu River could hardly have
given greater satisfaction in Tokio
than in London. The editorials in the
morning papers ring with admiration
at the success of General Kuroki's
strategy, in a manner indicating that
Great Britain had been in considerable
doubt of the capacity of her ally's
troops when matched against the Rus
sians. Despite Japan's lack of good
cavalry with which to follow up the
victory, it is believed that she will
speedily drive .the Russians out" of
Fehgwarigcheng also*. ¦ »
A special dispatch from Port Arthur
says that about 100 Chinese junks were
observed on the horizon yesterday be
tween the mouth of the Yalu and Liao
tuns peninsula. ,"->"
says, are urging , the Peking Govern
ment to adopt a strong policy against
Russian aggression west of the Liao
River. It is alleged that Viceroy YuaJi
Shai Ka4 is secretly making war prepa
rations, and everything, in the opinion
of the correspondent, points toward
China making a military demonstra
tion against either belligerent fighting
west of the Liao River.
Japanese Imperial Guards Sustain
the Brunt of the Battle and
Lose Heavily.
« At the army headquarters here there
is not the slightest evidence that the
Russians consider they have sustained
a reverse. The crossing of the Yalu
by the enemy was taken as a matter or
course and as part of the programme.
The losses are regarded as pawns In
the real game which is to follow.
It is the subject of general remark
here that the Japanese, on crossing the
Yalu adopted almost identically the
tactics thev followed during the Chi
nese-Japanese war, forcing the passage
at the exact place they did in 1835.
The EmDeror is now receiving the
war news at Tsarkoe-Selo (fifteen
miles south of St. Petersburg) a spe
cial wire having been run into the new
palace there. •- '
The Dowager Empress and Grand
Duke Michael, the heir presumptive,
have gone to Gatchina near Tsarkoe-
Selo. Except for the big May review
of troops on the Champs de Mars the
imperial family will not return to St.
Petersburg again until they go to
Peterhof on the gulf, at the end of
June. *
The new Russian battleship Orel, to
which, the finishing touches are being
put, ran aground on. a sandbank in
the Neva yesterday. As difficulty is
expected in refloating her the ice
breaker Erm^k has been, sent from
Kronstadt to assist the tugs in pulling
her off.
STAFF XOT DISCOURAGED.
No confirmation has yet been re
ceived of the reported capture of twen
ty-eight Russian quick-firing guns or
of the wounding of General Sassulitch
and General Kashtalinsky, the latter in
command of the. Third Division. East
Siberian troops, at the Yalu River, or
the burning of Antung. It is confirmed
that a village of thatched huts was set
on fire by a shelL
The statement that the Russians
have fallen back as far as Fengwang
cheng is declared to be untrue. The
advance has retired and will continue
ta retire before, the main army of the
enemjr.*"according tti the* Russian pro
gramme," but it will keep in constant
touch with the enemy, and skirmish
ing of a more or less serious character
is 'expected as General " Kuroki • ad
vances. It Is considered very ' neces
sary to always know where the main
army of the enemy is. general
staff believes General Kuroki's forwarG
march on' Fengwangcheng .will be ac
companied by landings at Takungkau.
at the head of Korea Bay, and not far
from the mouth of the Yalu River, anC
other places along the coast as far as
Takushan, under the protection' of the
warships. These troops can be kept
in touch with General Kuroki's left
wing. It might also be easier to get-up
a portion of the guns from places
down the coast than to drag them all
up the mountains toward Toitln Pass
from the Yalu. The Japanese are ex
pected to try to turn the Russian po
sition at FengTCangcheng. /
Th.e Russians made a special effort to
hold as long as possible the heights of
Kosan, on an island opposite Kulien
cheng, whence their guns commanded
a considerable stretch of 'the river to
the south, but a Japanese battery on a
hill above Wiju dominated the position,
which the Russians eventually were
forced to relinquish, thus losing the key
to the river.
The desperate character of the strug
gle, there may have been due to the
necessity for gaining time for the with
drawal of the Russian detachments
above and below. General Sassulitch
was in comand of the entire force on
the Yalu, which extended over a dis
tance of _thlrty miles, with reserve sup
ports fifteen miles back. The whole,
according to the best information ob
tainable, did not exceed 17,000 men.
What was the actual force engaged is
not known at present, though probably
it Was not more than 5000 men, if It was
that large. ''
UNCONFIRMED REPORTS.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 2.— Th«
press was. informed at 2:30o'clock this
afternoon that, beyond the fact of the
retreat of the Russians before the
overwhelming superiority of the Japan,
ese on the Yalu River, no details have
been received since the report of Gen
eral Sassulitch, commander of the Sec
ond Siberian Army corps, yesterday,
of the retirement from Kuliencheng.* It
is quite possible that the losses on both
sides in the week's fighting may reach
the figures given by the Japanese, as
the reserves were not brought up to
support the Russian position, at Kulien
cheng. where the fighting ~Vas the
heaviest. - •
Bishop- Moore's opinion of Japanese
military ability is entitled to respect.
The Bishop's proudest possession is the
red, white and blue button of the Loyal
Legion, which looms up in somewhat
startling relief -on his somber clericals.
He was a pastor of a church -when the
civil war beean and without hesita-r
tion stepped from the pulpit into the
ranks. He enlisted in the Eighty
seventh Ohio and soon gained a com
mission and promotion to the rank of
captain. He was later made a lieuten
ant colonel of the One Hundred. and
Twenty-fifth Ohio and stayed with the
sword until the war ended, when he
returned to his church. He is a man
of peace now, with a keen and edu
cated appetite for a good fight.
Bishop Moore is an American and a
fighter. He favors Japan in her pres
ent trouble and believes that China
would like to assist the Mikado in
whipping the bear.
"I have the greatest respect for Rus
sia, but as a land-grabber she is to be
feared in the Orient. I hope Japan
whips her to a standstill and think she
will doit." -^ i v'-r; V^; .i v
Bishop Moore, who is accompanied
by his wife, has beea in the Orient four
years. His. territory included. China.
Japan and Korea, with 'headquarters
at Shanghai. The Bishop has come
home to attend the conference of his
church at Los Angeles, but' does not
expect to return to the Far East.
During the voyage across the Pacific
Bishop Moore told the story of _-hi8:
Chemulpo experiences to the China's
passengers In the form of a lecture.
"The explosion occurred according to
schedule and I will never forget the
sight. The powder smoke rose in two
dense, black columns. These pillars
of darkness came together as. they
ascended, completely obscuring the sun,
which had been shining brightly in a
cloudless skv. For a moment the
black curtain parted, letting through
the sunlight and bringing out in bold
relief that jagged splash of black, a
more realistic picture of war than ever
grew under the brush of artist. And
when the smoke had cleared away the
maimed and twisted hull of the war
ship showed the ruin wrought by that
awful convulsion."
"We were graciously received on
board and hospitably entertained. Gen
eral Allen, however, was the only one
able to take part in the conversation.
He told me as we Mrtrfe leaving that it
had been decided to blow up the vessel
at 4 o'clock that afternoon. It was
startling enough information, but,
strange to say, it slipped from my mind
and I did not remember it again until
that afternoon. We were' on the bay
and almost alongside the Koreitz. Sud
denly I remembered. My watch, told
me that it was 3;40. o'clock, and you
may be sure I impressed upon my boat
man the necessity for a speedy retreat.
I was landed on the lighthouse {stand,
about 800 yards from where the Koreitz
was anchored." '; i . :
Bishop Moore arrived at Chemulpo,
on the transport Soongari, which also
was sunk later in the harbor. In com
pany with General Allen, chief of the,
Philippine constabulary and now in Ja-i
pan as one of Uncle Sam's military ob
servers of the war, Bishop Moore vis
ited the Russian war vessel.
Bishop D. H. Moore of the Methodist
Episcopal church, who arrived here
yesterday a passenger on the liner
China, was on the firing line at the
commencement of the Russo-Japanese
war. He' was, in Chemulpo when the
Russians blew up the Koreitz to save
her "from falling into the' hands of the
enemy. He was on board the Koreitz
several hours beforcthe vessel was de
stroyed, and then learned of the-Rus
sians' intention to sacrifice their fight
ing machine.
ku, and running from there in a north
easterly direction to Llshukau.
At Hamatan, where the" Iho River
makes its first bend to the west, the
Japanese succeeded in enveloping th^»
Russians on three sides. At this pfacc,
after sharp fighting at close range, the
Japanese captured twenty Russian
guns, with their horses, carriages and
ammunition and more than twenty
officers and many men. The Russian
i troops at Hamatan retreated toward
j Ff ngwangcheng.
A Russian officer who was taken
prisoner said that the effect of the Jap
anese artillery fire on Saturday and
Sunday was enormous." Lieutenant
General Sassulitch, commander of the
Second Siberian Army Corps, and. Ma-
Jor General Kashtalinsky, commanaer
! of the Third East Siberian Rifle Brig
| ade, were wounded by shells. A Rus
j sian lieutenant colonel was captured,
j It is estimated that the total Russian
• casualties amounted to more than 800.
} General Kuroki and his headquarters
{ entered Kuliencheng at 5:30 on Sunday
i evening.
' General Kuroki has telegraphed that
! the imperial Prince and the officers of
• his command are in high spirits and
! that all the troops are in excellent
health.
Admiral Hosoya reports that Com
mander Xakagawa, the commander of
the Japanese gunboat flotilla, has com
municated to him as follows:
•'The detachment, started,; at 9:30 on
Sunday morning. lit, w'erit "up the Yalu
Kiver as far as practicable. The gun
boat. Maya bombarded Antushan and
the UJi bombarded LJudongkau and
vicinity. The torpedo-boat flotilla pro
ceeded to Sudongkau and bombarded
¦that place. Returning it was suddenly
attacked by the enemy from the hills
I northeast of Antushan. It returned the
j fire and silenced the enemy in thirty
i minutes. It then returned to Xongam
1 pho at 11:30. There were no casualties.
"Armed .steamers at 10 o'clock on
j Saturday night bombarded Sudongrkau
! for thirty minutes. The enemy replied
• to this fire. ;
! "At 9:20 o'clock Sunday morning
I these steamers exchanged flre with the
I enemy's Infantry and artillery for thlr
; ty-ftve minutes. The enemy was dls
> persed. *£V*v|
"Antung was seen to be burning.
Natives say that the enemy set it on
1 fire and retreated. y r e had no casual
! ties." , ;: Vi :
noon.
The Twelfth Japanese Division ad
vanced toward Tahlangfang, which i3
due west of the village of Makao; the
division of the Imperial Guards ad
vanced toward Hamatan, which Is west
of Kuliencheng; while the Second Di
vision moved down the river, with An
tung as its objective. The. general re
serve advanced over the main road to
Liaoyang, which runs in a westerly"
direction from the Yalu River.
At 6 o'clock yesterday evening the
Japanese army held a line extending
from Antung northwesterly to Lauku-
TOKIO, May 2.— After the Japanese
carried the line of hills extending from
Kuliencheng to Yoshoka, on the right
| bank of the Iho River, yesterday, the
j Russians made a second stand on a
j hill northwest of Kullencheng, but they
began retreating at 1:50 in the after-
Russian Capital Is
Not Perturbed
by Defeat.
Brown Men Fight
Foe at Close
Quarters.
"Fighting Bishop"
Sees Sinking
of Koreitz.
From Tokio. and from St. Petersburg as well, come dispatches adding to the information already re
ceived concerning the Russian retreat from the Yalu and the advance of the Japanese. The Toklo disrjatches
describe the actions which led up to the Russians being forced back toward Fengwangcheng, while the St.
Petersburg statements declare that the movement was part of General KuropatkJn's programme and was not
to be considered in the light of a serions rei»ulse. *
Military experts disagree as to the importance of the retreat and the advance. It is pointed out, how
ever, that the Russian right wing may have a difficult task in reaching Fengwangcbeng and, possibly, may be
cut off by the division thrown forward by General Kurokl. •
Information is received from a Japanese source to the effect that a Japanese force is expected to land
near Xewchwang. Such an operation would threaten the Russian position at LJaoyang, it* General Kuro
patkm is in no condition at present to protect it without exposing his main body to a serious attack.
SUMMARY OF THE CALL'S SPECIALS FROM WAR DISTRICT
JAPANESE TAKE ANTUNG
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALIJ,- TUESDAY,, MAY; 3, 1904.
2
Good Every
u&y iidib lor
When we say that these $1.30 fy "^S> 1 3|pS85w
hats are good for every-day wear $'J
we mean that any man 'usually .1^^ ±-7
wearing a $2.50 hat will be sat- - li****^ >
isfied. The hats equal others ,f*^ J\
sold at $2.50 in assortment of :^_ V..
shapes and colors and quality of ' jF^K
material and workmanship. ¦¦ T Zf330&r> -
Our statement as merchants is "" 5 '^^«^^f l^^ ; ¦• > '/ : - '
sufficient to establish the value i^^^:-\':''' J f'
of the hats, but to, further im- ' t*& •&*— /•
¦ ¦
.,...rr>. v^r 1 '----' • press you we say
M^^^^^-^^^^^^S^-^^' after wearing^ it car.
¦^•^^^!^^»vS^ Ji&'s -shapes, in the popu-
V:4^fi?»^>^: Out-of-tozi'n or-
ADVEBTISE^ZNTS^ , UJJW .- f
] 818-82O /AAPKET 3T., FPANJClSdP. 7 !
I . I OrCnOn LaCeS, yd ijxl*l C Also of Madras and-Chevtot. m aJl white, \i
I 5.WO yards of T-.rchpn 1*L and lnser- and colored; *i*« 32 to 42. Sr£ O
(} t'.crj. m rcediusi and wi<5e widths up to • n r*T^«r«ulIoV finW "white lawn" front '¦
U S^i^ £ei 1S "^ de5irabl l W ftSSW tffi-Sf^ff Sc/ a2d |
h -P«*ial.. a jam oe embroidery: tucked foil sleeve.: ex- g
fi I flCf* Collars celient value ... ;.......,.. ¦ -f !-»*» ' r|
\l LdW( v<uil<xi:> WAISTS Of white lawn, made with H
VI New Car* Collars. Just arrlxeil by «- fa} j front and new sleeves; entire yoke fej
t ¦ frfit. Sr<c!al 35e tucked in squares and edsed with env S|
f f I ndip<;' MlKlin brctaery. Special V .... K ..*l.«a.H
H L»ilUlCo ITlUSlllI • BZ1TS ||
H tTBTDrnWEAB GOWKS — Made Of Leather and Fabric Beltf— A full line of tf
M edt. blt-achrtj Lcr.sJ»le Cambric, tucked leather, and fabric belts at popular K
H ted err.brc!d»ry tniertion*. SpecIaJ. rric«s ' "¦ B
M each S3e DRAPE VEILS ||
I { a „-.«-.-. -!(¦- All ihe popular shades; regular value 75c; ' f|
{ AprOnS, ZOC special Monday and Tuesday..... .Me H
{ ! Maii5\ r.urse** and ws'trc ?ses" arron*. We tre rarely mailcgr a clean sweep B
•H fpe-iai 25c • tfci« week la ||
I? $2 Hammocks, $1.25 »o. 1— comes in B
t* r>~i^ r j< \A« o** 1 * or - mahogany; 63
B f - Colcrcd cctlon. Y|l japanned trimmings; H
|j - ¦ jurf : > f^-* >^'- open weave; o_ -fi*^ *j teparats fprtRes for a
' H i*?*^^*^— !. J- |1 fl?Vh/' '¦ f^^cv ; it:<-'n. with I^ManjL emptying, . thereby fj
f * SZJ22Jj*Zi* i * i >¦-¦'. pillow anJ K »^ until you are ready, fl
i v. :J*» S-jt-.d valanc. fjmmmammmr=SjQ Regular $•-'. Special JS
i \ < . : : . h -. :• #I.U." *T ME^— '4' y^ for this week J51.74 ta
I rOTE THIS OSX — Elegant Mar- arc. 3 — Assorted wood finishes; ja- Q
I • *-.'!*¦* pattern canvas weave hammock. pauned trimmings, roller bearings, end g
• 4&x>4, with choice and dalcty - fart - " springs fcr taking cut brush." for clean- |
I cclorinps; tufttd lay-back rlHow. ing separate spring*, for emptying J
i sprtad-r. heii and foot bars and hand- traps. Regular price $2.50. Special 3
• *on,e floted wide valanc*. A mar\el this week -»— *» 9
I] of be«nt>. Regular $3.50. On sale K©. 3 — Is heavily, nickel plated; 1
?^ ?2.45 sarn« rryle as No. 2. Fl
U I ~.* r ~ C- :*-.„¦ CC rn »o. 4 — Fancy nickel trimmed, with -1
? L3V 1 V\lng. 55O.OU ¦ adjustable end sprints for releasing a
} /»*. /2\ fr « iv, ? brjsh roller; also separate springs for I
• zS^AA / , Larpe dcufci< * eat emptyisg; thia beautiful, piece of fur- |
',. '/ r^SIi\ "rfi ' au ° s ! l ,; r "*- ***» citure ccmes in highly Wished wood H
I- /IM jQW II «e « cMUren or 2 nr-ishes. ReguUr price fXOO. Special P|
H /w'li^rA' 1 ! Z*£ tM " m Jf de ° f this week T *H-»T H
I 11 m\ riVht, "rSd $3.50 WT7SSEKT OATES. $1^5 Lj
H // Ji | ti» \ and seats ereen; _ ||
I up in the cur ?!!?!.... ;.;.*AJW y S 1 M
i 25 Paper Doylies, 10c S I
fl IJacdscm*- paper doylies fcr table deccra- ' I Si
T \ tier: 4 dainty des'iras: violets, risk ar.<l (1 { . { . a
•fci **±r rr«e>. grlden palm or holly berry. f"«»°— ' ' N
I- --w-i — q Mad: of polished oak, golden finish; will B
I" Y \ a —/"» fit any stairway cr doer; needed In t!
\i \ \ 04.OU every home where there is a little one. H
\\ \ \ Regular $2.50: en sale fl.SS H
i W*9 Folding S9.50 TBTTKX. 86.75. L|
[: £: j wv/ w " £ u - 3 » Avfyf"'' 15 i«f4»:u'.l covered tray. B
» '-'--—^.tcZrl C 1 7T p^i M * B i " H wisl1 larpe hat box; K
h OO./D ; / Srfi^SSrSS *- xtr a lar «e bolt*. B
I ' ' JP^jl I Rubber tired (^JB<£ — Li^ll heavy bumT*rs. M
i ,rt^T^\'^'\ '-¦:'¦•" Go-Carts. slats and "£
' //\r3L I FV I with fcnely woven "^p Jj B ¦ — ¦ »tout straps. Rfgu- 3
H I Jl5\ U L **** b * ck : ta Z ;*r J-J VI on sale »(J.75 3
* vV^C'r^-A/lrp' * m S J*J|,!i books at cttt pbices S
\jy /T'ijfA frnrigs. Regu.ar viilt cur Bock Department and see S
<i ¦. [ \*C_J ? 4 ;"° v * lu i-, 2? «>".at *e have to offer. Any book ad- 3
K \JT*^ m! * ¦ t ""» 3 ' 7a vertiied cr not Jn San Francisco, we 9
m " ruarantee our rrice as low if not lower. 9
2Cail order* filled ea all sped*. *v-t our quotations on any book you wast J
but Tree delivery ia city only. 'Te purchasing elsewhere. I
I XJtlVilS, BAZOSS AJT3 gg£AB3 t- .«/ JkJSO EEPAIETD^ ™~~ E|
1 PICTTJRi: 72AKES Or AZt£ 3U*. JCSIFTIOITS MASS TO OEDEB. j
i}eMak^mii^Jt^S) H For Infants and CMldren.
Kind You Have
Always Bought
simflating toe Food andBe^tila— « _^ .- B
unguieStomacfcsandBowi'elsof j Jj63>rS tllG f 1
Promotes Digestion.CheerfuP |] £ u fAf
nessandRestContainsneilher .-| n f fkjxtr
Opiiim,Mofphinc nor>fineral. S3 v/1 /n IK
JiOT XARC OTIC . "ii Ml \| VB»
JUJmn* - \ t'k %f\ 1
Ai»JW' \ fM fv HI*.* in
**>**&*- > M |\ I 1| J» III
B\Car*Tmi£m!a+ I fS 11 \J\
'^^=lJ iffiX Use
Aperfecl Remedy forConsfipa- m I IT t¥ w w %#
lion, Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea wi I \faj _,
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- £$4 Eg iLnP 111 OF
ness and Loss of Sleep, m f (J | y f U I
fac Sinale Signature of Uft § __
NEW YORK. 1 I II 1 1 i Jf ICalO
TMC eSWTAU* COMPANY* MKW VOW* CITV-
ADVEBTISEMZNT3.
THE DISEASE
OF CIVILIZATION IS
CONSTIPATION.
THE SAFEST AND QUICKEST
CD RE FOR THIS EVI L IS
N ATU R E 'S LAX ATI V E WAT E R.
NOT^ AN ARTfFICIAL
PREPARATION.^
RELIEF COMES WITH
THE Fl RST G LASS.
ALWAYS ASK FOR '(,
(FULL NAME.)
IF YOU SIMPLY ASK FOR:
HUNYADI WATER YOU MAY
BE IMPOSED UPON. V
\^V f/^^MJj) POINTS OF W
I \ li Wh ' ilHar / "BRILLUNCV-Clarity «ad polish. 11 *
\ ***- J VrS*s)©^y/ y prorinz perfect brewing and ler^ /\
A *¦? AoilfjL "CLEAN "TASTE -The absence of U
\\ \ i&^&JL*'^^ -^V. taste." prorine scrupulous cle«nli- fl
l/X*a— " J / l&MP*&tJBf£3ni3b "SOLID, CREAMY FOAM"-An in- \|
C y M aP^ ffftegftgy f*nible indication of body, aze »nd Jn
1 mJL / s^ excellence cf brewing material. II
|WM /, >}$?*&*? ii PURITY w — Impossible to find in 1/
Efia # most bottled beers, because their kL
mSL^ff j&fe'Ss "FLAVOR**— The distinctive indi- V| I
gBSaCX. jSj/Jtir ridual characteristic of any beTtr- Yf
V" '¦**"' iBH^^. \£r odor to tbe rose. A delicious and R
I i,V w V ";JS^^C22m§E'*JBF prononnctd hop aroma is the II
\fl* ¦rbi^* .^^^"""^fck. is the ONLY beer that possesses aU n8 *N JOSE. May 2. — The second trial of XV. J. |
Rlcpleton. the young- civil engineer who killed *
Bo torques last November, was begun .to-day.
Eight Jurors h»d- been aecured when court ad- j
Joumed. "* v-
SAUSALITO, ¦ May 2.— The body of
Mrs. Katherine Dubrow ' was 'found at
the wharf ; this' morning. She' had
been missing since last; Monday. ;S*ie
was \ the .wife , of : Frederick" Dubrow; - a
prominent ?' citizen !of -' this .city, lit is
presumed^ that Mrs. \ Dubrow.: was in
sane and T Jumped' off . a cliff '; into the
bay.. ¦' ; V-' : .- ¦ . -- :¦,'-"--¦- :v. -
Missinj? Woman's Body Found.
But we can't help it. We are compelled
to move, therefore we offer you to-mor
row, Wednesday, 3000 pairs Ladies^
Shoes, in all sizes up to 8 and all widths,
all first-class toes and styles'; also School
Shoes. 2000 pairs Men's Shoes at 75c a
pair; also Boys' Shoes at the same price.
This is .certainly ; your chance, and j you
should take advantage of it. Sale begins
Wednesday, 9 o'clock. Massachusetts Shoe
Co- corner Seventh and Market streets..*
It's a Shame.
SAN DIEGO, May 2.— The fifth an
niversary of dedication day at the State
Normal School was observed this after
noon in- the usual manner. The large
assembly room of the Normal School
was filled- to overflowing. . Addresses
were made by President - David Starr
Jordan of Stanford by Pres
ident Block of the Normal School and
by Miss Nettle Hunt Lee of the senior
class. HMfiSS
School Dedication Day Observed.
MONTEREY. May 2.— At Hotel del
Monte last night, after-oneof his in
teresting talks and readings on Brown
ing, George Wharton James of Pas
adena urged upon the guests the need
and duty of the preservation of the
old Franciscan" missions. He pointed
out the good work already done and
especially commended the zeal of
Father Casanova, who restored the
chief mission of them all at San Carlos
Cannelo.
PraL*« for Old Missions.
WASHINGTON, May 2. — That no
further proceedings be taken, is the
recommendation of the Court of In
quiry appointed to investigate the ex
plosion in the after turret of the Mis
souri on April 13. The court finds the
explosion was due to a "flare back,"
caused by an inexplicable combination
of oxygen with certain usually latent
gases in smokeless powder. The of
ficers and crew of the Missouri not
only are relieved from all responsibility
for the accident, but are warmly com
mended for the bravery they showed
after its occurrence in rescuing the
victims.
Board of Inquiry Defines Cause of
Accident and Praises Men for
Their Bravery.
EXONERATE OFFICERS
AND CREW OF MISSOURI
GenerallReyes is supposed to /be in
higher, favor v with \ the 'Government at
the ~ present moment • than is " Senor
T rirr^Tll(|JMA T i|iWWi|[TOHilBCTBI iSI
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2.—
Revolution may rear its head in Co
lombia, according to 'advices which
have come to Washington, recently.
Uncertainty of the result of tITe re
cent is said to be the genesis
of great , unrest.. General Rafael
Reyes and Senor. Velez were the' most
prominent: candidates. The former is
returning to Bogota "after having .vis
ited Caracas and effected a resump
tion of .consular relations between
Venezuela ; and , Colombia, which ' it is
expected will ; soon be supplemented
by. re-establishment of diplomatic re
lations. The existing administration
headed by President Marroquin has
more influence than any other interest
or^' combined ' interests ' in > matters of
determining. the result of: the elections
vwhich were, held months ago. f The
Marroquin/ administration lost favor
when Panama was lost to the repub
lic ' ifflWC^iT^^
Uncertainty as to the Outcome of Re
cent Elections Is GJuisc of Much
; 'r, vT; :.-'. -, . Unrest.
REVOLUTION MAY SOON
OCCUR IX COLOMBIA
WATERBURY, Conn., May 2.—^A
general strike of all the union car
penters in this city, numbering .400,
began to-day. The carpenters de
mand a minimum rate of 92 80 per
day, in place of the $2 50 now paid. ;
Carpenters' on Str1*-c.
Counsel for the defense waived the
reading of the indictment and the two
men pleaded not guilty.
I WASHINGTON, May 2.— The second
of the postoffice cases to be taken up
here was begun to-day when James N.
Tyner and Harrison J. Barrett were
placed on trial under *an indictment
charging them with conspiracy to de
fraud the Government in connection
with their alleged failure to prosecute
certain investment companies operat
ing in violation of law. -\
When , court met for the afternoon
session, General Tyner, who is in his
seventy-sixth year, was brought in in
an invalid's chair. He was accompa
nied by his wife, an attendant and his
physician, the latter's presence being
deemed necessary because of the fear
that the aged defendant might collapse
under the strain.
Second of Postoffice Fraud Cases Is
Opened and Defendants Plead
Not Guilty.
TYNER AND BARRETT
PLACED ON TRIAL
SCHENECTADY. N. Y.. May 2.—
The members of the Tinsmiths' and
thi; Coal Handlers' unions, numbering
in ali about 300 men, went out as the
result of the refusal of the employers
to grant an increase of wages.
Strike In Sclieiiectady.
NAPA. May 2. — Fred Asher, aged 78 .years,
dropped dead suddenly at the Vete'rans' Horn
yesterday mcrninir. He was - a native of
Switzerland and had been a corporal of Com
pany Kof the Missouri State Militia.
The places of the four" machinists in
this city who obeyed the strike order of
last Saturday have been filled. accord-
Ing to statements made at the local
Santa Fe office. General Manager Wells
of the Southern California division
stated to-day that the general strike
situation Was quiet, and with the large
Striking Machinists Individually Re
ceive Command of Judge Wellborn.
LOS ANGELES, May 2.— The injunc
tion order which was issued by Judge
Wellborn of the United States District
Court last Saturday against the strik
ing Santa Fe machinists restraining
them from in any way injerfering with
the Santa Fe service was served on the
men personally to-day by United States
Marshal H. Z. Osborn and his deputies.
The names of 140 strikers are included
in the order, about 110 of whom are at
San Bernardino, and the remainder at
Needles and Barstow.
COURT'S ORDER SERVED.
Will of the Late Constant Sterling
Bequeaths $0000 to Lad In
. Honolulu.
HONOLULU, April 26. — The will of
the late Constani^Sterling. a local
artist, who died in ,Cblombo, Ceylon,
last February^, has been filed here for
probate. It leaves $9000 in trust for
a minor son in Honolulu, disinheriting
his wife. Mrs. Canielle Sterling, and
daughter, fiving in-San Francisco.
ARTIST LEAVES ALL. TO
SON, DENYING \YIDOW
CHICAGO, May .2. — Three strikes
and one lockout became effective here
to-day and in consequence 6200 wage
earners, are idle. Picture frame
makers employed in six factories to
the number of 1700 struck, and 5000
boot and shoe makers, { employes of
open manufacturers, were locked out.
One hundred teamstersj,pf the Union
Lime Company and thefArtesian- Lime
Company refused to work because de
nied an increase of 50 'cents a week.
Nine baking concerns were tied up by
a strike of 400 men, the firm refusing
to grant "closed shop." Still. another
strike is in prospect, members of the
Machinists' Union, employed in 500
shops throughout the city, having
voted to demand an increase of 2 to 5
cents an hour. .'I'; i';'
Three Walkouts Arc Ordered and 6200
Men Are Idle.
STRIKES IN CHICAGO.
* - ty.TIJMTS. May 2. — The Bank of VTiJUtg
to-<lay with a paidup capita! of $50,000.
t T'. N- .Lrilienthal of Pan Francisco If r'^sl-
C«-rU and \V. B. Iiaechtel cashj'-r. The ctocJc
',! k*!<i mostly by local business men.
Japanese Murderer Must Hans.
SACRAMENTO. May 2. — Kokichl
Hidaka. a Japanese, was this after
noon sentenced by Judge Hart to be
hanged at the Folson prison June 9
for the murder of Mrs. T. Yoshimoto.
At the time of the murder Hidaka
also shot and killed the woman's hus
band and a waiter In a Japanese res
taurant.
A GREAT DIAMOND.
The Lnrcest Ever Cut In America.
Weight 67 Carats.
For a few days the Bohm Bristol Com
pany. 104-110 Geary street, will show to
the people of San Francisco the largest
diamond ever cut in America. It is a
beautiful stone and well worth seeing by
all interested in beautiful things. *
Prefer Death to Hard Labor.
HONOLULU, April 26. — Lee Jim
and two other Chinese convicted of
robbery in the first degree were sen
tenced to fifteen years at hard labor
by Judge de Bolt last Thursday. Two
of the defendants asked the court to
sentence them to death instead. They
are members of a gang which has been
guilty of numerous hold-ups and rob
beries. Several others have been ar
rested since and have confessed.
"For the present," remarked Mrs.
Stanford. "I would prefer that the
student body would not increase. Dr.
Jordan agrees with me in the theory
that it would be better if it did not in
crease materially In the next ten years,
for we think that better results can be
accomplished with the present number
of students. The idea of new dormi
tories is to keep the students as closely
as possible on the university grounds,
which tends to elevate the standard of
university pride."
After a few days* rest she will go to :
the Stanford University, where she ex- '
pecfc to remain for several months. !
watching the progress of the work of i
construction on the new library build- i
ing, the foundations of which will soon i
be laid. During her visit in Egypt, :
which extended over a period of eight j
weeks, Mrs. Stanford secured a valu- ;
able collection of ancient relics, which j
will be added to the museum at the
university. Just before her departure ,
from that country these relics, which
she brought back with her, were un- j
earthed in the village of Gizeh, where !
the famous group of pyramids are be- '
ing explored by a party und^r the dl- 1
rection of the sheik of Gizeh. ;
In the co-llection is a portrait statue |
of Cheops. It is a seated figure of flint i
stone, four feet high, clearly showing
the anatomy of ihe body, the muscles .
and veins of which are as distinct as '.
those on a well developed human being. '
It is estimated by the Egyptian au- ;
thorities. whose permission was given |
to Mr*. Stanford to bring the relics to
California, that the statue was made :
7000 years before Christ. -A beautiful
necklace of gold beads, connected to
gether with artistic filigree, taken from
the neck of the body of the Queen of
the King of Deshur, which is located
on the western side of the Nile and
south of the pyramids, was also ob
tained by Mrs. Stanford. Egyptolo
gists estimate that the Queen lived
133G years before Christ. Many other
valuable articles, including several
alabaster figures, were obtained in the
same locality, and will greatly enhance
the attractiveness of the university
museum. This collection, together with
the several others gathered by Mrs.
Stanford in Ceylon, New Zealand. Pago
Pago and India, have a value far in
excess of $100,000.
Concerning the future of Stanford
University, Mrs. Stanford said last
evening that she hoped that her life
would !>e spared to see the completion"
of the new library building, which is ;
the last of the big structures included
in the original plans of the university.
Possibly, the added, four or five years
hence may witness the construction of,
additional dormitories, for It is be
lieved that the Increasing attendance
at the university will ultimately de
mand it.
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford, after an ab
sence of nine months, during which she
visited Australia, Ceylon, India. Egypt
and Japan, arrived home from the
Orient yesterday on the steamship
China, noticeably improved in health
and happy in the thought that she is
again in the midst of her many inter
ests, paramount of which is the devel
opment of the gTeat eeat of learning at
Palo Alto.
Returns From Her Tour of
the Orient and Australasia
With Eare Ancient Relics
LOS ANGELES, May 2. — A north
bound train of water cars on the
Santa Fe struck a broken rail on the
branch line between Williams. Ariz.,
and the Grand Canyon early this
morning, ditching .two cars of the
train. No one was injured, but traffic
on the line was delayed for some time.
Several of the special trains bearing
the delegates to the Methodist Gen
eral Conference in this city were be
hind the wreck on the canyon branch
and were delayed until the track was
cleared. Santa Fe official? say the
damage from the wreck is slight and
that traffic was blocked for only about
six hours.
Water Cars Strike a Broken Rail and
Delegates to a Conference
• :- .'.: ¦•'.' Are Delayed.
DITCHING OP A TRAIN*
STOPS THE TRAFFIC
SACRAMENTO. May 2.— With the
exception of some inonkeya all the ani
mals that escaped in the wreck of Nor
ris and Rowe's menagerie in the Sierra
Nevada Mountains yesterday *have
been recaptured. A large boa con
strictor, which took shelter in the raf
tes of a snowshed baffled the efforts
of the animal hunters until a woman
snake charmer appeared on the scene.
She was afraid of him herself, thinking
his taste of freedom might have de
stroyed her influence over him. but a
cage was provided and after writhing
about to the discomfiture of the crowd,
the. boa constrictor succumbed to the
wiles of- the charmer and drew his
length into the cage.
- Trainmaster H. E- .Epstein of
Truckee coming down the grade on
his gravity bar met the Beneal tiger
expectantly licking his chops. Epstein
turned his car loose and passed the
tiger before it could get into action.
A posse was formed and the tiger was
captured and locked up in .the Summit
depot waiting room until the circus
man called for it. The two African
lions, after meandering about in the
snow for some hours, disconsolately re
turned and sought their, overturned
cages. X -;>-'
Elude Pursuers.
Boa Constrictor, a Tijicr and Lions
' Are Recaptured, but Monkeys
CIRCUS BEASTS ENJOY
BRIEF SPAN OP FREEDOM
MRS. STANFORD
IS HOME AGAIN
PROPOSED REDWOOD CITY
COURTHOUSE. FOR TVHICH
CORNERSTONE WAS LAID.
-.REDWOOD CITY, May 2.— The lay
ing of the cornerstone of the new court
¦' boose was fittingly celebrated here to
d<>v by the people vt San Mateo Coun-
tv And the old feeling of Jealousy ex
isting between different sections of the
cXmnty on account of the county seat
.« citation was buried and relegated to
the x^ast.
' ' 'With Ihe building of a $200,000 court
rx>use ' here, the county seat questkm
"has pcea settled for all time to come
j-nd_ those who most strongly favored
removing the court house to San Mateo
•>• exc the most zealous in making the
*;¦ it?bratien to-day a memorable one.
. Thousands of the citizens of the county
fathered here last night and this morn
ing to take part in the festivities of
til*. (lay., many of them driving miles
ever the mountains to be present.
' All the expense of the celebration
was borne by the Redwood City busi
ness men. who spared neither pains
"Vor. expense in making the occasion a
• J"vful one. Hundreds of dollars were
• "Viil'^nded in decorating the streets and
-'.buildings of the city -and a barbecue
Unrivaled in the history of the county
.- vrepared to feed the hungry. In the
xjfternoon thore was a free ball in the
sVh-Vrl gymnasium and to-night a sim
• Mar ball in the Alhambra Theater.
The festivities were commenced thin
. xiivjf'ning with a mammoth parade, led
'•by the Redwood City braes band. Fol
lowing the band in carriages were the
trustees of Redwood City and San Ma
y-o and the Supervisors of San Mateo
V<«unty. After these came the various
_-!=c-cieties and fraternal ors-anizations,
tjie f.Fe department and citizens in car
rl&Ces. After the parade trie following
. ('•xtfrcises were had at the <"*ourt house
- i-itc-: Introductory remarks by^ presi
• «Jpnt of the day, George C. Ross*; over
tiye by the band; song, "Call to Arms."
•. school children of San Mateo County;
. pxayer by the Rev. J. H. Kim
¦ '\}nTl; song. "Sweet Is Thy Mer
• «•>•.•¦" Hedwod City Choral Society:
" SOftgvl "Laying the Cornerstone," school
* children; ceremonies of laying the cor-
Kerstone by Grand Lodge of Masons of
, •••:alifofnia; address by the orator of the
f, uay. .Oeor£"e W. Dickie cf San Mateo:
*pnc "Oh. Hail Us. Ye Free," Redwood
*- '<"'ity. Choral Society; songr. "Auld Lang
.Syne." by th« audience; benediction,
• the Rev. C. C. Kirtland.
The vote this time lacked two of the
fourteen necessary to override the
Mayor's vetoes, owing to the absence
of Sanderson, who had previously
voted for the passage of the bills.
The amended ordinance regulating
the explosion of blasts so as to elim
inate the section granting power to the
Board of Works to assess damages
was passed to print.
Ayes — Booth, Boxton, Braunhart,
Comte, Connor, McClellan, Eggers,
Hocks, Payot, Brandenstein, D'Ancona,
Rock— 12.
Noes— Alpers, Bent, Finn, Rea, Lun
stedt—5.
Absent — Sanderson.
Braunhart predicted that "in less
than one year such an appeal would
be made to the people as to grant re
lief to an outraged public."
The vote on the final passage of the
ordinances, notwithstanding the vetoes
of the Mayor, follows:
Supervisor Lunstedt stated that he
had made personal investigations of
the quarry and found that the condi
tions had been* greatly exaggerated.
Lunstedt said if Gray Brothers did not
keep their promise to oil the roads and
prevent the dust from rising he would
vote to drive the Quarries from the
Fairmount district and further that
he would vote for an ordinance en
tirely prohibiting blasting within the
city limits.
Supervisor Finn said he had been
vilified by the Fairmount residents,
who sought to coerce Supervisors to
change their votes. Finn said that any
Supervisor who would recede from his
attitude would be a coward and that
he (Finn) would again vote to sus
tain the Mayor's vetoes.
Braunhart said the ordinances were
designed to prevent lawlessness on the
part of Gray Brothers, who had cut
down the grades of certain streets by
55 feet and more.
When it was proposed to let the
Fairmount residents -be heard on the
subject Supervisor Boxton objected to
giving them too much time.
"I am getting tired of this matter,"
said Boxton, who had previously voted
to override the Mayor's former vetoes.
"These speeches all tend to a 'roast* on
the Supervisors and may result in
changing my vote."
P. J. Healey accused Gray Brothers
of cutting a water pipe leading to his
house, which charge George Grav de
nied. George Weber charged that the
Grays had not kept their promise to
oil' the roads to prevent the raising of
dust.
William Maguire," representing 3'^
square blocks in the Fairmount dis
trict, said the value of 14 homes in
the vicinity would be largely depre
ciated if the ordinances were not pass
ed. Maguire said it was impossible to
sell lots near by because the banks
have refused to lend money thereon.
CONDITIONS EXAGGERATED.
Supervisor Connor pleaded for the
final passage of the measures in order
that the petition of the Fairmount
district residents for relief from Gray
Brothers' rock crushing plant on
Thirtieth street, near Castro, might be
granted.
Connor referred to the fact that the
previous votes on the Mayor's vetoes
lacked one for the overriding of the
vetoes and he appealed to the five
Supervisors that had sustained the
Mayor to change their votes.
Brandenstein made an earnest plea
for the saving of the homes of the
people in the Fairmount district. Ad
dressing the five supporters of the
Mayor, Brandenstein said they had no
right to set their Judgment above thai
of the people that had put them in
office.
BOXTON GETS TIRED.
The Mayor's vetoes of the two ordi
nances extending the limits within
which it is prohibited to carry on rock
crushing and quarrying operations
were again sustained yesterday by the
Board of Supervisors.
The ordinances are identical with
those previously vetoed by the Mayor,
the original vetoes having been sus
tained by five Supervisors, It requiring
fourteen votes to overrule the disap
proval.
Five Members Stand by the
City's Executive and Block
the Eestrictive Legislation
"The men on the coast lines, num
bering over one-third of this class of
labor employed by the Santa Fe, struck
a week ago and their places have been
filled. The shops of the company were
not opened to-day because we had re
ceived information from three Inde
pendent sources to the effect that a
strike had been ordered to occur thi"
morning. When they are reopened, as
they probably will be to-morrow morn
ing, the magnitude of the strike can
be definitely ascertained. Within a
\veek or ten. days the company will have
a full force in all shops.
"The number of men directly con
trolled by the Machinists' Union is not
large and the labor market is in such
ccndltion just now as to make it per
fectly practicable to obtain plenty of
skilled labor, in any department."
CHICAGO. May 2.— Third Vice Pres
ident Kendr!ck of the Santa Fe sys
tem issued the following statement to
night relative to the- machinists* strike
which was declared on the Santa Fe
to-day:
"In view of the exaggerated state
ments that have been made regarding
the probable magnitude of the strike on
the Santa Fe system that has come
about by order of the executive officers
of the International ¦ Association of
Machinists, it seems proper for me to
say that the full force of machinists,
machinists' helpers and machinists' ap
prentices, including non-union men,
employed January 1 of this year on
the entire system was only 2275.
"We will not tolerate it. Other roads
must keep their hands off in this
strike. The' challenge has been thrown
down by the company defying us to a
test of strength. - We' have done
everything possible to avoid ¦ trouble.
The company hus been hiring men all
along the line and over the country
and herding them in camps along the
line, slipping them into the shops and
letting our men go. iris a question of
self-preservation.
"The men have been given strict
warning against violence. Any mem
ber who enters into an encounter with
a man put into his place does so with
out the advice or instruction of head
quarters and makes himself liable to
suspension and expulsion. We propose
to carry on the strike within the law."
STATEMENT OF COMPANY.
O'Connell said to-night that the
men were prepared to continue the
strike indefinitely: that they were
only asking the same working agree
ment now- in operation on other rail
roads and a discontinuance of the
spotter and detective system, which,
he said, is carried on by the. company
to a shameless degree.
"The system," he said, "is honey
combed with detectives and the men
are watched the moment they leave
the shops and marked, blacklisted
and discriminated against if they pro
test their right to do as they please.
MEN MAKE DEMANDS.
WASHINGTON, Mav 2.— Over 800
machinists and a large number of al
lied workers on the Atchison, Topeka
and Santa -Fe Railroad were reported
out on a strike up to D o'clock this af
ternoon. When the ; whole striking
strength is brought out, embracing not
only the machinists, but allied metal
mechanics, boilermakers, blacksmiths,
copperworkers. helpers, etc, as N .well,
the total number „. involved, according
to President O'Connell of the Machin
ists' Union, may approximate between
10,000 and 12,000 men. The strike was
ordered on instructions from head
quarters here after the men along the
line had voted unanimously in favor
of the step. .A telegram to-day from
John Mulholland of Toledo, president
of the National Allied Metal Mechan
ics, announced that he had ordered his
men to go out with the machinists,
which means a sympathetic strike
from that quarter embracing probably
1000 men engaged in semi-skilled labor
in the Santa Fe shops. O'Connell says
that the machinists are out all along
the Santa Fe lines, 800 of them being
now specifically reported out. The Al
lied Metal Mechanics, the boilermak
ers, etc.,, in practically all of the shops
west of Albuquerque, are also reportec
out.
Among other troubles are those
caused by the« demand of 400 car
penters in Springfield and Chicopee
for an increase of 50 cents a day.
There were minor strikes in the build
ing trades, in other places, but in New
England as a whole the number of
men in voluntary idleness is smaller
this year than usual.
BOSTON, May 2. — The principal
difficulty to occur on May day in New
England was the strike of more than
1500 bakers in this city and near by
places,' including Cambridge, Lynn,
Salem, Brodktbri, J Abington. Rockland,
Stoughton, Northeaston, Weymouth,
South WeymQuth and . Bridgewater.
The strike was caused by the refusal
of the rnaster bakers to sign a new
schedule calling for a sixty-hour week
and $16 weekly for second hands and
518 for foremen. The larger hotels
and • restaurants are not affected by
the strike.
Refusal to Allow Sixty-Hour Week
Causes a Walkout.
NEW KXGIiAXD BAKERS OUT.
"The Supreme Court of the United
States has written the . concluding
words of this history, tragical in many
of its details and in every page pro
voking sober reflection. Nevertheless,
even those most nearly related by ex
ecutive responsibility to the trouble
some days whose story is told may at
this time congratulate themselves that
they have had to do with marking out
the way and clearing the path, now
unchangeably established, that shall
hereafter guide our nation safely and
surely in the exercise of all the func
tions belonging to it which represent
the people's trust."
In sustaining the action of the United
States Circuit Court, which ordered the
imprisonment of Debs and, his associate
officers of the American Railway Union
for disobeying its injunction, Mr. Cleve
land said: '
"Mr. Cleveland stands to-day as the
most prominent man in the United
States and needs no Introduction, espe
cially to a Princeton audience."
The balcony was packed with under
graduates and townspeople, while the
st-ats on the lower floor were reserved
for professors and their wives, with
prominent - visitors.
•Mr. Cleveland's subject was "The
Government in the Chicago Strikes."
He reviewed the history of the strike
and of the Government's intervention.
PRINCETON. N. J.. May 2.— Before
one of, the largest audiences ever as
sembled in Alexander Hall former
President Cleveland delivered a lecture
to-night. Mr. Cleveland was greeted
with enthusiastic applause when^Presi
dent Woodrow Wilson introduced him,
saying: . • ¦C.\-v- ~
Former President Sustains Court's Ac
tion in Imprisoning Debs in 1894.
force of peace officers employed by the
company at each of the affected points
no trouble was anticipated. He aiso
stated that the company is experienc
ing no difficulty in filling the places of
the strikers so far, the applications for
employment being greater than the
company's requirements.
BAKERSFIELD, May 2.— Seven ma
chinists employed by the Santa Fe at
this point walked out this morning in
obedience to the general strike order
from union headquarters. The rest
of the force remained at work. The
men, requested the Sheriff to take ac
tion to prevent any violence to the
company's property by irresponsible
parties, and declared their intention to
keep entirely away from the premises.
MR. CLEVELAND ON STRIKES.
Supervisors Fail to Pass
Bills Extending Prohibi
tory Limits for Blasting
DENY PLEA FOE RELIEF
Employes Complain of the Detective Sys
tem in Force and Declare That Company
Discriminates Against Union Workmen
AGAIN SUSTAIN
MAYOR'S VETO
SANTA FE MACHINISTS WALK OUT
AND GENERAL STRIKE IS FEARED
THE SAN FRANQSCOr CALL, TUESDAY, MAX : 3, 1904;
Jrnpressive Ceremony in the City in San
\Mateo County Puts an End to Rivalry
for Foremost Place Among Municipalities
MASONS LAY THE CORNERSTONE
OF REDWOOD CITY COURTHOUSE
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
- A good many of the
millions Svho eat "FORCE"
# every day, began because
a perfect food appealed
to their reason.
But most of them eat-
"FORCE!" now just be-
cause it's good and. they
like it.
I heard a lot of people sty they were tired of
- breakfMt foods, but Vr» heard mighty few gay
they were tired of " FOECE." ,
j That's the difference. . - ¦
• n '.'^'. ApVEBTTST!T>rRTjriS> '
A Face to Face Talk.!
MISS EVELYN MORSE, sides at WalkMville. MISS MART GRAT. t
',[ Mfss Morse is saying: "/ suffered®. Miss Gray is also a friend of Pe- *
" nearly three years with catarrh of the *una. .She thinks the case or Miss ?
1 »#*,»«/.£ >~a;~a mm ~,~j.~;~~ ,„„_„„//« Morse a remarkable one, and In some I
,, stomach, which no medicine seemed to respects it compares with her own t
,, relieve until a friend advised me to try experience. *
" Peruna. • >, She relates her story as follows: a
" .,.,.. . , '• .. . , . , . .. . "Pen and ink never can tell of the good •
n "Although skeptical, I tried It, and p.,.,,,- j;j /„- __ _/*-- -„#-.;„- /,„-,
,, found it helped me within the first Peruna did for me. after suffering from •
,, week. congestive catarrhal troubles in my t
, me entirely, and I have had no symp- ommended to me by a friend who had I
, , toms of Us return. ' used it. I concluded to try it. . r
'/ "I am only too glad to recommend ,"' *""""** »'«" I
;; it as a wonderful medicine, doing all of m 1 ca * e > for « '•» bottles restored ];
I and more than is claimed for It." me to good health." »
? ••••• • ? ??••••••?••• ?••¦•?»»«»«»«« »»•>«»»«»»«,» »«»«>» *
|| The women all over the United States are saying the same thing about Peruna. | '
]', Not one of the vast multitude of women who have been cured by the use of Peruna >>
i. ever tire of reciting its virtues or sounding its praises- - • , "
It is friend to friend conversation that advises Peruna. All the adver- ',',
o Using ever devised would never have brought Peruna to its present popularity. >
|| People are cured by Peruna of some chronic ailment that doctors and nos- !!
',\ trums have failed to cure. Naturally enough, they talk of the cure. They con- «
¦ tinue to talk. They never leave off talking until all their friends bava tried th* •
t remedy. *
[\ This explains the rise and phenomenal popularity of the greatest catarrh ?
,, remedy ever devised by the medical profession. n
, , /Dr. Hartman. the inventor and original- compounder of Peruna. gives free ?
,, confidential advice to all users of Peruna. <>
Address S. B. Hartman, M. D., President of The Hartman Sanitarium. Co- f
.^ lumbus,' Ohio. . \ •
.'; .„ • ADVTBTISEMEITTS.
¦ |S • IP©* (§1
I ' Brand I
. ||" (Evaporated , I
c k Cream M
M slvsys bears the above capf*|f
.. • r£| label. It means the zzmeU^S
-¦ |g as telling you thst we £*&!
f^ black up its purity with a p£$
HI $5,000 guarantee. | If
|M a - e ty 4^ s Jar £ est P r °- jpli
i I ducers of Evaporated fcj §L
i$Hr C ream in the world
1 ' PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement '
. for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
So far as they go, Schilling's
, Best take"cloubt and difficulty
out of getting your table
supplies.
*
ADVEBTISZMENT5.
¦Wg3^ tr ///./ / /'/ Laundered j
wmi&ivi- 9 ¥ / 3 S Shirts for
WSar'/j '¦ V\ ' it I 1 ' In It 11 'ff *•/ .1*1.1 W«J l VI
• *" : ;-f.^ l& v Here is a shirt value
'i$\'ifr/ys'i i /& *^ at p r ° m P ts . y° ur u y~
Ih^ il J ' i 1% 4 '¦¦ I a/a ' '' * ng at ' east * our sn ' rts —
//'T^'/y/' 5 /'/ Sri* *k e price makes them
L$~*$*'lt~l% : -~3 : * Js M easily afforded.
%i^<'7$ '// p m jy # The shirts are made of J
¦ — {S«^£/<y $ #4 ' ff a laundered percale, in light
Sfe .t^T a m and • medium grounds,
¦ ii with T stripes, checks or ? ;
figured designs in one
other harmonizing, color; some open front and back and others
open in the **ack only; separate cuffs, short bosoms; sizes' 14 .
to x6y 2 ; made full size, in prope/ sleeve lengths; actual value,"
60c and 75c; the assortment is broken to some extent, so the
. sale price is \
. 35e •..Next week tickets will be on; sale to St.
Louis and : return via the Southern and Union
Pacific for ' *lxty-aev.;n fifty.- Ju»t think of U!
It costs you no more by the best route 'than by
any other. Take a clean, cool, well upholstered
tourist car.- S. F. Booth, General ¦ Agent, U P.
R. R., 1 Montgomery «t. . . , . >
*A Small Fare to. the Great Fnfr.
LOS ANGELES. May • 2. — The funeral of
Daniel Houser, the Inventor of the Houner
combined harvester, occurred from his late
home In 'Covlna, this county, to-day. Houser,
¦who derived a fortune from his Invention, was
77 years of age.
WASHINGTON, May , 2. — The fol
lowing Californians are registered
here: At the National— S W. B. Phil
lips, Sacramento; at the St. James-V-
L. A. Hazy and wife, C- B; Newton,
San Francisco.
Callfornhtns in Washington.
WASHINGTON, May 2.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day affirmed
the decision of the United States Cir
cuit Court releasing Thomas Walsh,
alias Lynchehahn, the Irishman ar
rested in Indiana and for whom ex
tradition was sought by the British
authorities. Lynchehahn was charged
with murder.
Ijynchehahn . Not to Be Extradited.
HONOLULU, April 28. — A change
of time has been made in the sched
ules of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany's steamers calling here on their
way to and from Australia. In the fu
ture they will stop eighteen hours in
Honolulu, mstead ¦ of only six as in
the past.
Ships to Tarry in Honolulu.
WASHINGTON, May 2. — The United
States Supreme. Court to-day affirmed
the opinion of the Supreme Court of
Colorado in the Clipper Mining Com
pany vs. the Eli Mining and Land
Company case. The case involves the
extensive tract of land at Leadvllle,
Colo., known as the Earl Placer and
was a conflict between the owners of
the placer and the owners of four lode
claims. The decision was favorable
to the placer claimants.
Court Favors Placer Claimants.
This charge was again denied vigor
ously by Dimond yesterday, and Wheel
er and Knight, his counsel, spent the
entire' morning in trying to show that
Waiver K. Slack, the land attorney, who
v.as»JIyde's clerk for several years end
ing in the autumn of 1902, and was
.later employed by him in various mat
ters, had all the secret information re
• gardlng. Hyde's transactions and of the
* HCnry P. Dimond. one of the defend
4ntS in the land frauds case, inadvert
ently added another link yesterday to
' the" chain of evidence^ which, according
to the Government, connects him with
"the authorship of the anonymous let
•te-rs that are now the battle-ground in
• Jhe hearing before United States Com
missioner Heacock. He was called on
to produce several more specimens of
liis j*pii printing and script writing, and
In* the course of this work the word
"dummies" was misspelled "dummys."
The .same error occurs twice in the
anor^ymous letter that was mailed from
"San Francisco on December 22 last to
Secretary Hitchcock of the Interior
Department. •
While on the stand a week ago Dl
tnond "wrote from the dictation of his
• attorney, Samuel Knight, a number of
ecntences selected from the same
anonymous letter. The aim was to
ehow that his penmanship was totally
j unlike that of the Secretary's unknown
correspondent, who signed himself
•'Truth." In "Truth's" letter, however,
o the word "owns" was misspelled
"ownes." Dimond in writing out this
sentence as Knight read it off to him
made the same mistake. Even before
attempting any exemplars of his pen
manship Dimond. in his oral testimony,
had committed a series of other errors
Identical with mistakes found in one or
anoth.er of the anonymous letters.
These different slips, in addition to the
secret information set forth in the let
ters — which information Federal Coun
sel Heney has sought to show was in
DITnond's possession — constitute the
basis of the Government's charge that
IMmond wrote the Utters In order to
eet the department detectives upon his
former client, Fred A. Hyde, and to
establish a defense for himself In the
event of *Hyde's prosecution.
.SLACK IS NOW SUSPECTED.
McEnerney, of Hyde's counsel, and
Heney, for the Government, both ob
jected, but Wheeler said: "Before the
day is done your Honor may have a
pretty good idea of who wrote
the anonymous letters."
"Just to show, you* that you are
wrong," said Heney. "we'll let the bars
down and withdraw our objection "
Then the witness answered that he
did not know why he* was ordered to
"Did you know you were summoned
to Washington in the land frauds in
vestigation?" asked Wheeler.
Slack was questioned closely as to
his connection with the Government
investigation. He told of his interview
with Detective Burns In October, 1903.
At Burns' request he had written
Schneider*to let no consideration for
him stand in the way of a full dis
closure of Hyde's office methods. This
letter had been written with the ap
proval of the writer's personal. friend
and attorney, Leon Samuels. Samuels
is another of the*sraduates from
Hyde's office, having served succes
sively as the land speculator's office
boy, clerk and attorney. He resigned
the last position to Dimond when the
latter took over Hyde's land fases in
the summer of 1901." On December
19, 1803, the day on^which the news
of Benson's Arrest at Washington was
published in the San Francisco papers,
Samuels had been informed by United
States District Attorney Woodworth
that Slack was wanted in Washington,
and on Samuels' advice the witness
gaid he started East the next even
ing.
HE DENIES THE LETTERS.
Government investigation of the same
that was possessed by the anonymous
letter writer. Slack had already testi
fied as to his trip at Hyde's request to
Tucson, where he interviewed Joost H.
Schneider, also one of Hyde's former
clerks, and tried to learn what he had
told the Government agents who were
investigating Hyde and Benson's land
deals. Wheeler called him back to the
stand yesterday and made him tell all
about his trip to Washington in De
cember last, when Slack accepted an
invitation from the Government to visit
the capital and disclose to the Grand
Jury what he knew about the same
jnen and their operations In State and
Federal lands.
T\VO WITNESSES IN LAND FRAUDS CASE WHO ARE CHARGKD BT ATTOR
NEY WHEELER WITH KNOWLEDGE OF AUTHORSHIP OF ANONYMOUS
fcETTERS; ALSO FEDERAL COMMISSIONER CONDUCTING HEARING.
EVERETT, Wash., May 2.-A. II.
Finney, a dry goods merchant, was ar
rested to-day on the charge of setting
hi3 store on fire this morning. The
forty guests lodged at the Hotel Vir
ginia, which Is located on the second
floor of the building, were forced to
leave their rooms with scant clothing.
The occupants of the hotel were
aroused by two slight explosions, fol
lowed by two heavier detonations,
which shook the building. These pre
ceded the breaking out of the flames,
giving those in the. house time to es
cape. The ' firemen found a quantife
of oil soaked rags and waste und?r
Flnney's store, which had been placed
there through a hole cut in the floor.
It is alleged that Finney's stock waa
over-insured.
Finney stated to-day that he is un
able to account for the placing of the
inflammable material where it was
found. He admits that the evidence
against him is strong, but protests that
he is innocent. Until his preliminary
examination Wednesday Finney was
released on $2500 bonds.
"I advised Slack," Samuels said, "to
tell the Government all he knew and
not to try to shield Schneider or Hyde.
I said it was not right for Schneider to
account for hirf silence by saying that
he was trying to protect Slack. Slack
did not inform' j me - of his visit to
Schneider at Tucson. I should have
advised him against going."
The noon hour having arrived Heney
indicated his suspicion of Wheeftfr's
aim by saying to Samuels just before
he left the stand: "Mr. Samuels, don't
talk to any Government representatives
during the recess. We. do not care how
much you talk with the defense. Mr.
Wheeler "believes- you mailed the Town
Talk letter at San Jose on August 1,
and hence I do not want him to think
that you have had any communication
with the Government before he can
examine you on that subject."
This brought Samuels to his feet in
a frenzy of rage.
"Any assertion that I mailed such
letter or had anything to do with any
anonymous letter is an Infamous false
hood." he shouted, waving his arms
in the air. ..V,,;;;
After luncheon, however, Samuels
was not -recalled, the whole of the
afternoon session being spent in obtain
ing samples of Dimond's writing. The
defendant was called to the stand this
time by Heney, whose cross-examina
tion had not been completed when Di
mond testified before. A large num
ber of. sentences were dictated to him
and he wrote them with great care. It
came out that Dimond has the unusual
habit of using his right hand for writ
ing with a pen and the left for penc'.l
work, as well as for signing his name
with pen or pencil. Heney, however,
had him write the selections alternately
with right and left hand and with pen
and pencil. The results of the defend
ant's work were turned over to the
commissioner to have them photo
graphed for use of counsel. Heney
claims that the witness did not benefit
himself by his \ afternoon's writing.
The errors in the spelling of. the 'words
"dwns" and "dummies" will be used
in further cross-examination, when.DI
mon* is recalled to the stand later In
the week. .
The hearing will "continue this morn
ing,'when Hyde may take the stand for
a few questions his counsel. Com
missioner Heacock Is pressing the at
torneys to conclude the case this week.
Samuels declared he did "not learn
from Woodworth why Slack was want
ed in Washington. He did not com
municate the. fact of Slack's departure
to Hyde untn the former's arrival in
Washington had become known there.
.SAMUELS BECO3IES EXCITED..
Leon Samuels was then called by
Wheeler. He related the story of his
rise to* a position of truest in Hyde's
office and his leaving to begin practice
for himself. It came out that he had
ben a* law school classmate of Dis
trict Attorney Woodworth, but he said
their relations were not intimate.
Wheeler tried to get him to admit that
he held resentment against Hyde be
cause the latter reproached him with
regligence in allowing a default judg
ment for $8000 to be entered against
him, but Samuels protested that he
entertained the warmest friendship for
his former employer. He had recently
acted as Hyde's attorney in several
matters.
Washington and that he had not seen
or communicated with Hyde before
starting on his sudden journey. He
knew nothing of Benson's alleged
bribery of Harlan and Valk, the land
office examiners, and had not met
Judge Pugh and Agent Steece of the
Interior Department when they were
in San Francisco. He had never met
Mrs. Belle Curtis after she left Hyde's
office and had never heard Miss Susan
Dickinson, another of Hyde's sten
ographers, called "Anne." The wit
ness told of his bookkeeping while h\
was 'with Hyde and said that one-half
the salary paid to Dimond ,by Hyde
was charged to Benson. Finally Slack
denied he had visited San Jose on
August 4 last, the day on which the
Town Talk letter Was mailed there,
and emphatically declared that he had
absolutely no knowledge as to who
wrote any of the anonymous epistles.
More than a year ago Attorney Gen
eral Knox recommended to the Presi
dent that Griggsby be dismissed for
disobedience "of the orders of the de
partment in leaving his post without
permission. Subsequently charges
were preferred against him, in' which
It was alleged that he received $10,000
from the Pioneer Mining Company of
Nome, the allegation stating that the
sum was to secure for the Pioneer
Mining Company immunity from
United States prosecution. Griggsby
admitted the receipt of the money,
half of which was in cash and the
other half in stock in the Pioneer
Mining Company, but said it was an
attorney's fee.
WASHINGTON, May 2. — Senator
McCumber of North Dakota to-day
presented to the President the resigna
tion of Melvin Griggsby, United States
Attorney for the Nome District in
Alaska. The resignation has been ac
cepted, to take effect July 1. \ No inti
mation is given as to Griggsby's suc
cessor.' •
Federal Official, Once Under Fire,
Has Decided to Retire From
the Service.
ATTORNEY GRIGGSBY
OF ALASKA RESIGNS
GUESTS HURRY
FROM FLAMES
The work of impaneling a jury to
try Leon Soeder for murder was begun
yesterday morning before Judge Cook,
and when court adjourned at 4 o'clock
seven Jurors had been chosen.. Their
names are.:' James Mearns, 1828 Page
street; Wiliam Kaiser, 2128 Post street;
Daniel S. Davis. 2423 Sutter street;
George H." Wellbrock, ' 909 Fillmore
street; John D. Heise. 552 Valencia
street; Roswell Lee, 11191& Hyde street,
and Francis W. Steitz, 2963 Pine street.
When the case was called the names
of the 250 talesmen drawn from the
Cbunty Clerk's box were read and most
of them answered. The Judge addresst
ed them and said that any Juror who
would act in this case would be ex
cused for one year and would receive
a certificate tc- that effect. Those who
should be tailed upon to act in four
other cases to be tried before him be
fore vacation would be excused till
after vacation, as none of the cases
would take up much time. He would
excuse those summoned o-n statutory
grounds only. The talesmen were call
ed ten at ,a time and stated their ex
cuses to the Judge. Very few had a
statutory excuse.
The prosecution had eight peremp
tory challenges yesterday and the de
fense nine. District Attorney Bying
ton is representing the people, and the
defendant is represented by General E.
S. Salomon and Alexander Campbell
Jr.
Soeder had the same cynical expres
sic-n on his face that was characteristic
of him during the preliminary hearing
before Police Judge Cabanlss. He is
accused of fatally stabbing his brother
in-law, Joseph Blaise, at Vallejo and
Taylor streets, on Sunday night, Janu
ary 10, Blaise's dead body having been
discovered the next morning. The mo
tive alleged by the prosecution was that
Soeder wanted to secure the insurance
money on the life of Blaise, who had
been brought from his home in Ger
many by Soeder., * y
Taking of Testimony Will
Be Probably Started at
This Afternoon's Session
The California bill that attracted the
most attention here. was that providing
for the diversion of the Colorado River
for Irrigation purposes — a bill intended
to confirm the rights of the California
Development Company in the work al
ready done and to be done. Parties
interested for and against it have been
here all winter and it has taken a great
dear of the time of the Committee on
Irrigation of Arid Lands. Those favor
ing the bill were finally compelled to
be content with a" commission to In
vestigate and report upon all the in
teresting questions involved. .
The bill providing for a California
camp site enlisted the best efforts of
the entire Republican delegation. It
would doubtless have succeeded but for
the conflicting reports as to the de
sirability of the several sites. The ef
fort in its behalf was sustained to the
very last, Senator Perkins in the last
days attaching an amendment to the
military academy appropriation bill in
which all fo-ur sites were named and
choice between them left to the War
Department. But it went out on a
point of order as new legislation.
Other Important bills upon which a
lot of work was done, but which failed
notwithstanding, are the military camp
sites, appropriation for purchase of the
toll roads of Yosemite Park, purchase
of the Calaveras big tree groves, the
five per cent bill and a number of
of less general interest.
COLORADO RIVER BILL.
prevented by the fact that it is within
the park limits, although it contains
nothing of scenic interest. The San
Francisco members j opposed the bill.
I asked Wynn why he did so and he
said .that two or three persons had
written him asking him to do so. He
did not know who his correspondents
were, but felt it to be his duty to ob
ject because they asked him to. He
did not know any one in Mariposa
County to whom he could write and
get at the merits of the bill, and so he
intended to wait until he could visit
the place himself, as he felt that he
did not only represent San Francisco,
but the whole State of California.1
There are over 300 people in the town
ships-in question. They own the land
chiefly mining and timber lands — and,
says Gillett, they wish especially ! to
work the mines.
Mr.' Gillett had a somewhat. similar
experience with a bill ; in which he . was
much interested.'. It was intended ; to
cut out a number. of townships from
the northwest corner 1 of the Yosemite
National Park and attach them to the
Sierra Forest Reserve. The bill was
approved.by- the- Secretary of the In
terior* and, says Mr. Gillett, by. the peo
ple of /Maripbsa County," wh'ose' welfare
it I affects. ';'; . The 'land to 1 be "i segregated
is largely, owned "by individuals k .who
desire to develop its resources, 1 but: are
This thing of getting unanimous con
sent for the consideration of any par
ticular bill out of its order on the cal
endar in the last days of the session
with a crush of bills pending, the au
thors of every,, one of which consider
them, equally important, is, it will be
seen," no inconsiderable trick. To have
cleared the way, therefore, for a pet
measure and to have onOs own confrere
put in the objection of estopal, as did
Livernash for Bell's Round Valley bill,
must be particularly aggravating.
Livernash and ..Bell fell out early in
the session at the time Bell "proposed
his collier amendment to the naval bill.
Livernash is said 'to have accused Be'l
of simply trying to make political cap
ital out of a well-appearing but impos
sible- project, and from that time on
they ceased to be on speaking .terms.
The success of the collier proposition
did not tend to bring them "closer to
gether, so that when Bell's other im
portant measure came, on^ with a/cor
talnty of passing, Livernash, by the
mere act; of refusing the unanimous
consent, defeated it. Bell waited every
day for an opportunity to call the meas
ure up "during the. hour devoted to that
purpose at a time when , Livernash
should, be, absent,'. but, although, Liver
nash was conspicuous for This absence
during the earlier days of the session;
no such opportunity occurred:. '] Should
Livernash leave the -floor for a moment
it was observed that : Wynn, ' the . other
member from San Francisco," was alert
to put : in .the objection'- for him. The
bill thus defeated was ' intended^ to
throw -open 'to homestead entry some
63,000 acres of land cut from, the Indian
reservation of Round Valley some years
The most important piece of accom
plished legislation so far as California
is directly and especially concerned
is the provision in the naval appro
priation bill, under which the build
ing of ships of war will be inaugurated
at the Mare Island Navy Yard. This
provision was inaugurated by Mr. Bell
when he proposed in the House an
amendment by which two colliers,
which it was proposed to construct
for the navy at a cost of $2,500,000,
should be built in navy yards, one on
the Atlantic and one on the Pacific.
The amendment was not agreed to, but
an amendment to the amendment, by
which one should be built In a navy
yard and one by private contractors
carried. .In this form it went to the
Senate, where Senator Perkins pro
posed again the original amendment
and secured its passage. The Senate
conferees stuck to the point and the
House finally accepted it. And so
shipbuilding will be introduced at
Mare Island.
The bill providing for the Federal
building at Los Angelas has a history
of its own. Because of the great num
ber of such bills and the disposition of
Congress to pass nothing of the kind
at this session it required most diligent
effort on the part of Senator Bard and
Mr. McLachlan. who directly interested
themselves in it. The bill got through
the Senate without much trouble, but
in the House it had to come up out
of order by unanimous consent and :t
could not do this without the consent
of Speaker Cannon. He refused \abso
lutely in spite of the representations of
Bard, McLachlan and the House lead
ers, whom they interested, until finally
the President himself was appealed to
and his interest enlisted to such ex
tent that he called Cannon to an inter
view and the bill passed the next day.
DISCOURTESY TO BELL. \
These things represent, of course,
the labors of the whole delegation—
not in equal proportion by any means,
but all have had some share in bring
ing them to pass.
IMPORTANT LEGISLATION.
This of course does not include the
salaries of army, navy and civil offi
cials and the incidental expenses of
the conduct of Federal affairs. Nor
does the list of figures give any ade
quate Idea of the effort required to
make it up. Besides these things, and
preparing the way for appropriations
next session, provision is made for a
survey of Oakland harbor preliminary
to the dredging of channels: inquiry
to be made into the; need of an immi
grant station at San Francisco, a com
mission to investigate the conditions
and report the requirements of Yo
semite national park and another to
report upon the diversion of the
waters of the Colorado River for irri
gation.
An appropriation of $25,000 was made for
the survey of a military wagon road from
Valdes to Eagle In lieu of $250,000 for building
the road, and $2500 for survey In lieu of
$10,000 for trail from Yukon to Coldfoot, on
Koyukuk. - . .
Council for Mission Indians 1.000
Mall service to Tahiti 45.000
Study of grape stocks. California 12,000
To develop production of sugar beet... 10,000
Naval training station 40.000
Purchase of cranes, Mare Island 13,:!W>
Railroad extensions 15,000
Electric plant extension. Mare Island.. 25,000
Moving and improving building No. 113 u.piiO
Improving channel, Mare Island strait. 150. OCO
Storage sSied 3,(100
Freight shed ;«.<WO
Drvdock buildings 3..VH)
Tools .'... \'>.~0
Sever system ft, 000
Improving building No. 40 2O.C00
Improving other building* D.000
Building for oil storage 7,r>00
Gallery for bujldlng No. 51 1.500
Klevaturs 4. WO
RicglnfT storeroom, improvements 500
Medical dispensary ' 1,000
Salt water system, naval station 14.0C0
Improvement barracks 5, COO
Naval magazine. Mare Island 2,200
Improving construction plant. Mare Is. 20,000
Collier to be built. Mare Island 625.00i>
Transfer two lightships to Pacific 20.000
Repairs to Albatross 10.000
Yonemite Park 5,-JCO
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, May 2. — It being un
derstood at the beginning that
the session of Congress just closed
was to devote itself exclusively
to a satisfactory disposition of
the Panama business— that the rest
was to be the routine passage of the
appropriation bills — California seems
to have fared very well when the
things accomplished in her behalf are
listed up. Here they are in the mere
matter of dollars to be expended in
the fiscal year:
Custom-house. San Francisco. $100,000
Point Conception light station, ollhous?. . 1,500
Point Conception light dwelling. 0.000
Fisheries stations '. 620
Protection salmon fisheries, Alaska 7,000
Alaska seal fisheries 111.950
Food and fuel, inhabitants seal islands. l'J.500
Swjuoia Park a 10,000
General Urant Park I'.WK)
Reindeer lor Alaska... i 25,»*J0
Education, Alaska natives 50,000
8an 1'edro harbor... J 350,000
Oakland harbor ..........? 18,000
Stockton i»nd Mormon channels. 75,000
National Cemetery, Presidio &.WJO
Improving- Presidio grounds 15,000
Debris Commission 15. COO
By S. AV. WALL*
HAS SAME CYNICAL LOOK
3Iau Accused of Murdering
His .Brother -in-Law Will
Soon Learn of His Fate"
Appropriations Are in Many Instances Re
duced, but Allotments Are Well Di
versified and Make a Splendid Showing
In Making Further Exemplars of His Pen
manship He Commits Errors of Spelling
; Seen in the Unsigned Communications
IMPANELS JURY
TO TRY SOEDER
CALIFORNIA INTERESTS, AFTER
ALL, FARE WELL IN CONGRESS
ANONYMOUS LETTERS CONTINUE
TO WORRY DEFENDANT DIMOND
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3. 190*.
SAN: RAFAEL, May 2.— The Fort Baker au
thorities have established a new target ranee
in Rodeo Valley for practice with high power
rifles.'hMHBHinfa&SSIs - :r>Y ..'-'< ~>,
4
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piers 9 and 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketchlkan. Wrange!.
Juneau. Haines. Skagway.
etc. Alaska — 11 a. in.. May
J», 1<>. 15. 20, 25. 3f>. June *.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. R?l-
lingham— 11 a. m. May 5. 10. 15. 20. 25. 10,
June 4. Change at Seattle to this company'a
steamers for Alaska and O. K. BT.J at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :5O
p. m.. May 4. 10. IB. 22. 28: Spokane. 1:30
p. m.. May 1, 7. 13, 19; Corona. May 20. 31.
For Los Angeles (via Port I>j* Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Bartara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. !> a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San PJmeon. Cayucc». Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo) Ventura and Hu«»rae.
Bonlta. O a. m.. May 7. 15. 23. ."1. June 8.
Santa Cruz, ft *• m. (CreiKht only). May 3. 11.
For Ensenada,' Majcdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cebo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia Guayroas (Mex.). 10 a. m . 7th of eac 1 *
! menth. For further Information obtain folder.
. Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
"TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Office 10 Market st.
C D. Dl'NAXX,- General Passenger Agent.
10 Market tt.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check bagsaee from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
NOME
I , !:"• -'AND—
ST. MICHAEL
DIRECT.
S. S. F»OF*TL/*ND
CAPTAIN J. M. HAYS.
(Carrying U. S. Malls.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
m/\Y 12\ (about)
Takins freight fer
TOPKUK and SOLOMON
DIRECT
AND ALL YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
NOKTKEB5 COM^TEKCIAI. CO.
823 Crossley buildinr. cor. Mission and New
Montgomery sta., San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Htogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
canto received on board on day of sailing.
S I. AMERICA MARU
" ....Thursday. May 12. 1804
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com.
Dany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
J$amburg-/kmerican.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Servica
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURG.
THE GREAT OCSAXT 7LTBB,
S. S. Deutschiand
6S6«i ft. long — 23*4 Vnots average speed.
Halls May 12. June 9. July T. Aug 4.
t*Moltke May 5 Patricia May 81
Bulgaria May TlPalatla May 25
•Deutchland....May 12 t*Bluecher ..'...May 2«
Pennsylvania ..May llBelgravla May 23
•Has grill room and tsymnasium on board.
HABIBTJEO-AMEJilCAK I.I3TE.
' Offices 35 and 37 Hroaiway. New York.
II3RZOO & CO.. 401 CALIFORNIA ST.
O. R. & N. CO.
OREGON sails April 27. May 7. 17. 27. Jur*»
6, 16 and CO. GEO. W. ELDER sail* May 2.
li. 22, June 1. 11 and 21. Only steamship line
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through ticket*
to all* points. Steamer tickets include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st *t
11 a. m. &. F- BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
occa^.5.e«.»s3£
8 S. SIERRA, for ¦ Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land und Sydney, Thurs., May 5. 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMKDA. for Honolulu. May 14, 11 am.
S S. MARIPO3A, for Tahiti. May 29. 11 a. m.
J.D.SP8ECBLS k BEOI CO.,AUi,TiCi[Bt OICS 643 Mir-
itt St. Frcigtt OSes 329 Mar&t Si.. Pur 7. Paci3: n
! COMPAQ NIB GEXSSALI THA.13ATLA^TI3Ci -
DlltECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ;_
falling every Thursday instead ol ~4%,t2sTn
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. 970 art 1 upward. Sec-
{ end class to Havre. $ir< and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway tliud^on butluinj..
New Ycrk. J. F. FUGAZ1 & CO.. Pacific Cua*t
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
iiipivilpYeaf;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No. 1.
BORAXOLOGY
Boraxology is a new science — the
science of how to wash clean by using
BORAX* Don't despise learning because
it's homely* ;• The man who discovers a
new and better way of cleansing and wash-
ing confers a greater blessing on humanity
than he who discovers a new planet*
Like, most every good and pure thing
in the world— BORAX is adulterated*
Be mulish— kick when you don't get
20-MULE-TEAM BRAND BORAX*
It f s pure. Sold by Druggists and Grocers
everywhere, J4, x /i and J-lb* packages* #
The famous "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES FREE to porefcasen d
"20-MoIe-Team Borax." At stores or sent for BOX TOP aad 4c la stamp»
Pacific Coast Borax Co., New York, Chicago, San Francisco.
Twenty Mole Team— Onr Trade Mark.
ADVERTISEMENTS. v%g
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmtmmmmmBmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Ask Your Grocer For
Brand
Evaporated
I \' : :~, 7 ,-r r. r , ; ¦ . . ¦ .
Cream
Bosdehs Condensed Milk Co
. : new york. .
3 A O TIJ \ m « .To stay Cared. Cause r«-
IX I 1 VI 11 moved. ,. Health restored.
«VIHItIHni) more Asthnu or Hay
bUrcCir P. kARO^HATEa.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICA!! IiINE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg- — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 9::;o a. m.
St. Paul May HjSt. Louis May 28
Philadelphia ...May 2l| Germanic June 4
ATLANTIC T&ANSFOBT X.INE.
New York — London Direct.
Mlnnehaha May 14. 4 p. m.
Minneapolis......... May 21, 10:30 a. m.
Mesaba May 2$, 9 a. m.
Mlnnetonka June 4. 10 a. m.
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Southwark ....May 14! Labrador May IS
Canada ........May 21) Kensington ...June 4
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.300 Tons.
New Yorlc— Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 1Q a. m.
Potsdam .......May 10i Ryndam May 24
Rotterdam May 17tNordam May 31
BBS STAB LINE.
• Hew York — Antwerp — Paris.
From New Work Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Kroonland May 14' Finland May 28
Zeeland May 21|Vaderland June 4
WHITE STAB LINE.
New York — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Teutonic. May 11.10 am. Majestic. May 25,10 am
Celtic. May 13. 4 p.m. Arabic. May 27. 4 p.m.
Cedric.May 18, 7 a.m. Oceanic. June 1. 8 a.m.
Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric May 19, June ltt, July 14
Cretlc....... 1 . ..June 2 June 30, July 28
Republic (new)... June 9. July 7. Aug. 11
BOSTON aiEDITEKBANEAN SERVICE.
Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
ROMANIC May 14, June 13. July SO
CANOPIC...... ...May 2S. July 2. Aug. Z7
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post st., San Francisco.
/v- 'Azores, Gibraltar. Naples, Genoa. -
"ROMANIC" May 14. June 18, July 30
••CANOPIC...... May 28. July 2. Aug. 27
These steamers- are the largest In the
.Mediterranean service. First class. $80 up-
ward. Send for rates and illustrated booklet.
Boston to Liverpool- QueeSftown ;
"CYMRIC"...:. .May 1^ June 16,. July 14
••CRETIC" . .June. 2. 5 June 30. July 2S
"REPUBLIC".. -.\..Jtine 0. July 7. Aug. 11
First class, |C0 and ?U5 upwards, accord-
ing to steamer.
For plans, etc., apply to
. C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific
Coast, 21 Post St., fean Francisco.
Mare Islana ana_yanejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONT1CELLO—
0:40 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vaii-/|o
7. a. m., 12:30 and 8 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m.' Fare 00. cant v
Tel. Main 1568. Pier 2, MUalon-st. dock.
HATCH BROS. . ... . .-..
ADVEBTISEMENTS. V
ft This day. only. Come. early, B
m "The Credit House," 23*3-235-237 Post Street jrKAYS ROOM .WAS ROBBED.— H.* D. Henlon
of CO4 Turk street • reported , to the police last
night that his. room had been ¦ rifled of. a sold
watch and eome clothing. ¦ .
Mrs. Hannah Burg, accompanied by
her two children, one 4 years of age
and the other 1 year, called at the
Bond and Warrant Clerk's office yes
terday. She said Bhe wanted her hus
band,* Israel Burg, arrested, as he had
deserted her in England some months
ago. He had written her a letter from
this city, telling her that he was going
to get married again and asking her
to look after the children.
She saved enough money to bring
her and the children to this city, ar
riving on Saturday evening, but she
was left without a cent. She said she
discovered that her husband was em
ployed as a tailor at; 14 Fourth street
and that he was living with: a woman
who called herself Mrs. Anna Burg.
She could not swear that her husband
had married the woman, so a friend,
Mrs. Mary Goldberg, 902 Howard
street, swore to a complaint before Po
lice Judge Fritz charging Burg with
failure to provide. If it can be, proved
that he has married the other woman
he will be prosecuted for bigamy. .
. Burg was. arrested yesterday after
noon and booked at the City Prison.
The woman who calls herself Mrs.
Anna Burg put up $200 cash bail for
his release. She was asked if she had
been married to Burg and after some
hesitation replied in the negative.
Israel Burs Is Arrested on a Charge
of Failine to Provide for His
Children.
COMES FROM ENGLAND TO
FIND RECREANT SPOUSE
Rosie Smith and Fannie Goult, in
mates of 1129 Dupont street, were ar
rested for vagrancy early Sunday
morning by Policemen Orr and Keo
hane at Dupont and Washington
streets while on their way home. Yes
terday Attorney George D. Collins ap
plied to Judge Cook for writs of
habeas corpus for their release from
custody and the arguments will be
heard to-morrow morning. They were
released on $25 bail each. Collins
says he will insist upon the police
stopping the arrests of these women.
Wants Police to Stop Arrests.
Great auction sale of summer home lots at
Santa Cruz Saturday, May 7. Special excursion
trains leave San Francisco, Third and Town
eends ??«.. 7:30 a. m.; Oakland, Fourteenth and
Webster ets.. 7:45 a. m.: Alameda, Park »t.,
P:i.t» a. m. Special round trip tickets $3. Tick
ets g«od returning on May 7 and 8. Ask South
ern Pacific agents. •
Special Excursion to Santa Cruz.
Protects Animals From Cruelty.
Policeman W. T. Hooper, who has
charge of the cruelty to animals de
tail, filed his report for last month
with Chief Wittman yesterday. He
had investigated 69 cases of working
lame horses, 17 galled, 7 siqk, 14 worn
out, 4 beating and whipping and 1
overloading. He had killed 3 dogs, 2
horses and a cow. He had prosecuted
15 cases, obtained 9 convictions, 3 dis
missed and 3 pending. The fines
amounted to $177 50. He had or
dered 4 A- coops of poultry out of the
sun and given .water and had exam
ined 697 grading and hauling teams.
Ex- Jailer Burnett Released.
United States District Judge da
Haven yesterday granted the motion
"united States District Attorney
wood worth to dismiss the three in-
Sctments so far as Thomas T Burnett
was concerned, charging him. with
F. Dasha and T. J. - D^P^: ' J
conspiracy, in the celebrated. Chinese
substitution cases.
By Laura Bride Powers.
We all know— and proudly proclaim
that San. Francisco has long been the
nursery of Western art, music anoj let
ters. In a motherly sort of way she has
nurtured the budding genii that were
born of her, even becoming a kindlj>
foster mother to those of foreign shores
who loved the arts— and the social life
they engendered.
But with all the atmosphere of
atelier, studio and library that satur
ates San Francisco, there ia no one
¦hallowed home where men and women
of cultural development may meet and
fraternize— but perhaps the men are
not lonesome, having their Bohemian
Club, their University Club, their Fam
ily Club, etc., where kindred spirits
meet and travel the Elysian paths of
companionship. And so, too, have the
women their clubs, but it is a com
mingling of clever men and clever wo
men on common ground that brings out
the best and highest In both— likewise
the subtlest pleasure. Besides, it might
become a factor in domestic harmony!
Who knows? And thus it is that to
morrow night the Sequoia Club,
brought intb nebulous being by Miss
Ednah Robinson, will meet and. perfect
Its .organization.
The men and women who have been
asked to join are representatives of lo
cal art, literature (such as we have),
music, society and general goodfellow
shlp—a - salon such as obtains in
Gotham. And that Interesting gather
ing of interesting people will take place
in one of the most Interesting homes
in the city— in the old Hittell home on
Turk street, that in proportion to Its
size has probably sheltered more
notable people than the Palace—scien
tists, painters, writers, and all the
craftsmen of the mind.
.That meeting to-morrow night prom
ises much for the development of our
social 'life "along sane and fascinating
lines. Here's success to it — and to its
fair founder! '.
The following Is a list. of those who
will become members:
Mr and Mrs. "William Keith. Dr. and Mr*.
Stanley Stillman, Maynard Dlxon. Mr. and
Mrs \shton- Stevens, Miss Katherine Dillon,
Professor and Mrs. Charles Mills Gayley. Mrs. I
Llewellyn 'Jones/Miss Grace Llewellyn Jones,
Mrs. Josenhlne Morris de Greayer, Mrs. Mon
roe Salisbury. Mrs. B. F. Norrls. Miss Cath
erine Hittell. Mrs. Albert. GerberdinR, Charles
S. Atken, Mr. and Mr*. Fremont Older, Mr.
and Mrs John McN'auRht, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Greer Harrison. Miss Jessica Pelxotto. Drj
William Frederic Bade. William Gorrlll. Mrs.
John R. Jarboe. Mr. and Mrs. C, P. Robinson.
Mrs E. H. Davennort. Miss Davenport, Mrs.
Wheeler. MIh Gertrude Wheeler, Miss Ethel
Moore. Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard, Mr. and
Mrs. Clinton Day. Robert Altken. Mr. and
Mrs. Georjce -Sterling. Charles Vogelsang D. Ar
nold Genthe. Edgrar Pelxotto. Consul Geneml
and Mrs. Bennett. Mr. and Mrs. Franklin
Lane. Wallace Sabln, Mrs. Alice Chittenden.
Mr and Mrs. Will Irwln. Mr. and Mrs. George
B Sperry. MIps F.lsle Sperry. Captain,Freder
ick Johnston*. Robert Porter. Mr. and Mrs.
Paul Elder. Mr. and' Mrs. Frank Powers. Mr.
and Mrs. - Jesse Ltllenthal. Mr. and • Mrs.
Warren Gregory. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Collier.
Mr and Mrs. Chauncey - Boardman. Mr. and
Mrs Alexander Keyes. - Dr. nnd Mrs. Philip
King Brown. Miss Frances Jollffe, Charles R.
Field, Clarenc* Urmy. Miss LtUie V. .O'Kvan,
BentleytFletcher. Cherril Schell. Charles Tur
ner -Miss Abee Klein. Mr. and Mrs. D. W.
HorRbureh. Miss . Katharine Spiers. Miss
Londa Stebblns. Dr. and Mrs. Gilbert Graham.
Professor and Dr. Moore, Lloyd Osbourne. Mr.
and ' Mn>. Chirles . Keeler. Mr. and Mr*. Jr>hn
IV Mason. Mr. and Mm. Frederick .Palmer.
Mrs. David Bixler. Mr. and Mrs. W. r: Wheel
er. Mr. ' and Mrs. -W. . C. Morrow, ¦ Mr. and Mrs.
Henry- Ft. ; Goar. Mr. and Mrs. Mark Geratle/
Mr. ¦ and Mr».V Herndon Whlttaker.- Miss Ina
Coolbrlth. -Victor- Henderson. : Professor " and
Mrs C.'C.' Plehn, John Gamble.' Mr. and Mrs.
Gaston Ashe. Dr. Ravmnnd Rus*. ,
rickets .Threatened With . Gun.
Thestables of JV' Peters, 1314, Grove
BtreeCare under/a boycott and on.Sun
day when some of the non-union men
employed there left to go to a restau
rant the union - pickets talked iwith
them, ' urging: them ; to Join the .union."
It is alleged that Peters seized a shot-,
gun and flourished '¦ it*' at^ the pickets.
Yesterday a warrant ' was -procured
from 1 Police , Judge ; Fritz ; for : Peters'
arrest "on '%' a ; charge . , <sf .exhibiting / a
deadly'weapon In" a rude and threaten
ing manner. '
DOVER. Del., May 2.— Mrs. Ann Powell
•was to-day placed on trial for the murder
of Estelle Albln on February 0 last. Mrs.
Powell confessed after her arrest that she
killed Mis* Albln In a Jealous rage. Mr*.
Powell eald the rlrl. who had beer adopted,
was alienating her husband's affections.
A large number of members of the
Young Men's Christian Association
were tendered a reception by Mr. and
Mrs. H. J. McCoy at the.ir residence
on McAllister street last night. Sev
eral committees transacted important
business in connection with the work
of the association, after which the
hours were spent in songs and recita
tions. H. J. McCoy and F. E. Miller
will ler.ve to-morrow evening for Buf
falo, where they will attend the fiftieth
annual convention of the Younsr Men's
Christian Association.
Entertain Young Men.
No arrangements have yet been made
for the interment of the remains. The
university flag was at half-mast yes
terday In honor of the memory of the
deceased.
John Mitchell, veteran of the Civil
War, an Indian lighter of note, and for
the last ten years armorer at the Uni
versity of California, died yesterday
afternoon at the United States General
Hospital at the Presidio, succumbing
to an attack of heart disease.
As a private in the United 'State3
at my Armorer Mitchell had an ex
cellent record, having been commended
several times for bravery in action and
having been voted a. medal by Con
gress for faithfulness in the discharge
of duties. The greater part of his
fighting was done in the Indian wars
of the seventies, although his first ex
perience came in the Civil War. Mitch
ell served for several years under Gen
eral Nelson A. Miles and was in close
proximity to General George A. Custer
at the time of the memorable Custer
massacre.
Mayday was celebrated yest-rday In
; glorious fashion by the school children
"at. Golden .Gate Park. From early
r*cr"n until late at night they romped,
frolicked and gamboled over the beau
tiful mossy greens of the playgrounds
"at. their own sweet pleasure. Never
* has the park presented a more beauti
ful appearance. Buds and blossoms
* vith sweet fragrance vied with the
verdure of the tail trees that
6acked the grounds. The maypole
I'dance was naturally the great feature
,of the day. This was supposed to com
mence on the lawn north of the chil
'. dreri's playground building at 1 o'clock,
. but "it was nearly 2 before it began.
* / Long before the hour a great throng
cf people, both adults and juveniles,
comrrrenced to fill every available point
of vantage surrounding it. Small boys
tjlimbed up into the top of the trees
•."»rid yelled and shouted with vigor to
the .great crowd of people below. The '
dance itself was a very pretty affair.
Suspended from the tall flagpole, which
'had been gayjy decked for the occasion
•"with bright evergreens, were long satin
streamers of red, white and blue.
Professor Findlay with a number of
the members of his dancing class had
. volunteered their services for the occa
* f=Ion- In the dance there were fourteen
beautiful little children, all dressed In
* v*hite and garlanded with floral
Vjeaths. It was a rare picture and one
that gave delight to all. The dance was
. delightfully executed, and the dainty
•little {ots went through the different
J evolutions with marvelous accuracy, to
• the delight of the great crowd of spec
" tutors. Those that took part in the
flanre were Daisy Cumming, Violet
-Mhoon, Violet Long. Daisy Long, Lois
* Allen. Hilda Clute, Gladys Todd. Eve
* lyn • Canavan, Hope Butzbach. Leah
Kutzbach. Ethel Boeman. Hazel Jor
".dsin. Svbil Sykes and Marguerite Mari
.Mrs. Mi!mor<\ matron of the play
ground. Fays that nex'er in the course
of her exi>erienee hr.s Fhe ?een so many
"<fhl!drcn on the grounds. The numbers
¦ rah to thousands. The merry-go-round
'•vas crowded to its utmost capacity.
"while the donkoy carts were laden
*w{rh children conveying them around
the grounds. At luncheon time the
park was a pretty sight. Mothers with
their little broods <^f children, with
grr-at baskets laden with luncheon,,
v-cre Featured from V,ne end of the
grounds to the other. Swings and may
poles a1«o afforded pleasure for the
.\ounjretTs.
* .Music was furnished by the juvenile
•band of th«* Hebrew Orphan Asylum,
under the direction of H. Maurar. They
had volunteered their services. Early
in the afternoon they played enlivening
selections from the different operas and
then played for the children's maypole
dance. It was a great day for the
park. The weather was absolutely per
fect. v
The crowd in attendance was so tre
mendous it was found utterly impos
sible to get them back to town within
the prescribed limits vof time, which
was 5 o'clock, the hour the playground
is supposed to close. Oh account of
the great crowd Mrs. Milmore permit
ted the children to stay until G o'clock
and kept the refreshment pavilion open
until that hour.
The car lines were tested to .their
utmost capacity and were crowded to
overflowing during the entire day.
When it was considered that thousands
of children were in transit out and
back from the park it Is simply a mar
vel that no accidents were reported.
SOLDIER HERO
PASSES AWAY
AT PRESIDIO
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print an ordinance raising the
standard of butter fat In milk to 3.3. per
cent during January, February. March
and April, and 3.4 per cent during the
remainder of the year. The Health
Board had petitioned that the butter
fat requirement be raised to 3.5 per
cent. The Health Committee, however,
adopted the two lower rates, the dis
tinction being made because the forage
Is poorer during the first four months
of the year..
The Santa Fe Railway Company was
granted permission to close Eighteenth
street, between Iowa and Minnesota
streets, for one year to allow the con
struction of a steel viaduct for the full
width of Eighteenth street. The com
pany will excavate below the official
grade of Eighteenth street in order to
establish Indiana street at its official
grade. -
A demand in the sum of $300 was
drawn in favor of J. C. Stut for expert
services in connection with the plans
for a high pressure salt water auxiliary
system.
The Standard Oil Company was
granted a permit to lay a pipe line in
Sixteenth street to transport oil therein.
- The Assessor was directed to assess
Oregon street to private ownership. :
The petitions of property owners for
the grading of Fulton street, between
Twenty-fifth and Forty-seventh ave
nues, and of residents in the district
bounded by San Bruno, Silver and Fif
teenth avenues and Islals Creek to pre
vent cattle from roaming on the streets
named were referred to the Street Com
mittee.
The amended ordinance extending
the fire limits to a line 137& feet north
erly from Bush street to Van Ness
aVenue and Including a portion of the
block bounded by East. Steuart. Fol
som and Howard streets, was finally
passed. by the Board of Supervisors
The ordinance reducing the height
limit of frame buildings from 50 to 4o
feet was recommitted to the Fire Com
mittee on the petition of builders and
lumber dealers, who are opposed to the
reduction. ,.
The amended ordinance requiring
free and unobstructed passageways to
fire escapes and providing other safe
guards against conflagrations was fin
ally passed.
The amended ordinance extending
the present limits within which it is
prohibited to keep more than two cows
or hogs was passed to print.
The ordinance will go into effect on
March 1. The new limits include cer
tain portions of the Academy and Ex
celsior Homestead tracts where the
dairies have encroached on residential
improvements. These dairies will be
compelled to move out of the district
by the time designated in the ordl-
n *The' City Attorney was directed to
dismiss the appeal from the iudgment
granted to the South San Francisco
Dock Company and against the city
vosting title to lands in South San
Francisco in the company on condition
that the company open and extend
Fifth and Tenth avenues south.
Captain S. L. Falson. lncommandof
Fort Mason, petitioned the board for
better police protection in the iocality
adjacent to the reservation. The pe
tition states that it is «°»2 *°'^Jl
destrians on Bay street between Hyde
and Van Ness avenue, after dark.^Nins
hold-ups have recently occurred there.
ECEVES IV GOLDEN GATE PARK TESTERDAT DURING THE MATDAT EX
ERr-i?ES ARRANGED FOR THE ENJOYMENT OF THE LITTLE FOLK OF
SAN FRANCISCO WHO WERE PRESENT IN THRONGS.
Men and Women Represent
ing Art,,Mjisic, Letters and
Society'. ArS to Organize
Supervisors Eule That Milk
Must Show 3.3 Per Cent
for Four Months of Year
Supervisors Fix Northern
Boundary Line Along Bush
Street to Van>'ess Avenue
SEQUOIA CLUB
TO BE FORMED
RAISE STANDARD
OF BUTTER FAT
FIRE LIMITS
ARE EXTENDED
Mrs. Richards then took the stand.
She told how in April, 1899, she had
met the doctor in Los Angeles and had
kept company with him and how af
ter a very short time they became en
gaged. She also told how they had ar
ranged to come to this city to live,
and denied emphatically that "Willing
ham ever offered to furnish a tlat for
her if she would abandon what he
styled her pursuit of him.
" "We were to be married and live in
the flat," she said, "and Dr. Willlng
ham knows it." . ,
Under* cross-examination Mrs. Rich
ards made a willing witness. She grew
nervous and excited at times, but made
few contradictory statements, and sev
eral times made explanatory remarks
that showed that if she once loved the
doctor the feeling she had for him
now was entirely different. She even
Insinuated that once while she was
in Dallas, Texas, and while WUling
ham was alsot there, an attempt had
been made to poison her. She said she
never followed Wiiiingham about the
country, but said that on the contrary,
after Wiiiingham had become enamor
ed of Mrs. Mary Tighe, an "old thing"
of Los Angeles, he had followed her
about and endeavored to get rid of her.
She said she lived in constant dread
that he would attempt to kill her.
Shortly before the court adjourned
a letter written by Mrs. Richards to
Willingham's folks was introduced. In
this letter the plaintiff described her
association with the physician and told
that she and the doctor were to be
married in September and take up their
residence at 1116% Larkin street, San
Francisco. She also, told how.Willing
ham was being influenced by Mary
Tighe. .
The case will go on again to-day.
Willlngham took the stand again at
2 o'clock. He evaded a great many of
the attorney's questions and sought
by his answers to show that he was be
ing oersecuted by the plaintiff. He
said that when in September, 1900, he
left Los Aneeles to come to this city
Mrs. Richards took the same train. He
said he was much surprised to see her,
having had no knowledge that she in
tended coming here and then and there
offered to furnish her a fiat in this
city if she would cease paying her un
welcome attentions. She accepted the
offer, he said. •
PLAINTIFF OX STAXD.
The questioning of Wiiiingham was
almost too much for Mrs. Richards, but
she kept to her task and succeeded in
getting him to admit that they were
together a great deal in Los Angeles,
that he had given her money and that
he had agreed to furnish her a flat at
1116V4 Larkin street in this city. He
would not admit, however, that there
was any engagement between them.
It was at this stage of the proceed
ings that H. Digby-Johnston appeared
on the scene and took up the plaintiff's
burden. The court adjourned, however,
before he had a chance to examine the
doctor.
Then she turned her attention tb
"Wiiiingham, who, when his name was
called, stepped jauntily to the witness
stand and gazed unabashed at the wo
man who is seeking from him mone
tary balm for her injured feelings, and
who, in a brave effort to secure a
righting of the alleged wrong done her,
was standing before him, quivering and
shaking, not with fear, but at the
strangeness of her . surroundings and
the unusual position she found herself
in.
WILL.IXGIIAM EVASIVE.
Before the arrival of Sir Digby-John
ston, Mrs. Richards succeeded, despite
the objections of Ray Saffold, attorney
for the physician, in enacting the role
of Portia in a fairly successful manner.
She selected her own jury, and when
Judge Graham, as the twelfth man
took his seat in the jury box, inquired
If the Jury was satisfactory, she re- f
plied:
"They all look good to me."
She was told that the looks of a' jury
had little to do with t:ie verdict it
would render, but she repeated her re
mark, and added, "They may in this
case."
Like a knight of the days of chivalry,
Attorney H. Dlgby-Johnston yesterday
came to the rescue of a damsel in dis
tress. He dropped into- Judge Graham's
court during the progress of the trial
of the suit ftfr 525,000 damages brought
by Mrs. Emma Richards against Dr.
J. J. Willlngham of Los Angeles, found
the lady tearfully and nervously en
deavoring to present her case to a jury
and promptly volunteered his services.
The offer was accepted by Mrs. Rich
ards, who cheerfully relinquished her
self-imposed task of proving that Will
lngham had trifled with her affections,
and turned over her first witness, Will
lngham himself, to the English barris
ter. Thereupon things ran more
smoothly and all danger of Mrs. Rich
ards giving way to an attack of hy
steria was remcrved.
Helps Her hi Her Efforts
to Secure Monetary Mini
From Fickle Phvsichin
The registration for to-day's election
does not exceed 33,000. It is estimated
that there will be 70,000 votes on the
register for the August primary and
85,000 for the Presidential election in
November next.
The Democrats to-day will elect 16S
delegates to the State convention of the
party, which liP-s been called to meet at
Santa Cruz on May 16. There is no
open fifiht against the delegates pro
posed by the so-called "organization"
of the party in San Francisco, but the
Hearst forces may spring tickets, in
several of the Assembly districts to
day if a very light vote on the part of
the "organization" opens the way for
the success of opposition.
William M. Cutter of Yuba, chairman
of the Republican State Committee, is
in the city. _J3. D. Murphy, chairman
of the Democratic State Committee,
left the city a few days ago for San
Jose.
The Republicans of the Fourth Con
giessional District, in accordance with
a call issued- by the district governing
body of the party, will to-day elect
delegates tc a separate convention for
the purpose of choosing two delegates
and two alternates to represent the said
Congressional district in the Chicago
convention. All the Congressional dis
tiicts of the State, however, will be
represented in the State convention at
Sacramento. In other than the Third
ar.d Fourth districts the delegates elect
ee! to the State convention will* also
serve a.% Congressional district' dele
gates. The governing" body of the party
in each Congressional district was given
authority by the State Central Commit
tee to call for the election of separate
delegates or one set of delegates for
both conventions. Delegates to nom
inate candidates for Congress will not
be chosen until the August primary
election.
The polls for the primary election to
day will open at 6 a. m. and close at
5 p. m. All signs point to a light vote,
as there are no contests of a spirited
character in any other than the Thirty
ninth Assembly District, where there 13
a contest in the Republican ranks for
supremacy.
The Republicans to-day will elect 121
delegates to the Suite convention of the
party, which has been called to assem
ble at Sacramento on. Wednesday, May
18. This State convention will elect
lour delegates at large and- four alter
nates to the National Republican Con
vention, which is called to meet at Chi
cago June 21. As there is no Republi
can candidate for the Presidency other
than Theodore Roosevelt the conven
tion will pledge the delegation to his
support, select a new State Central
Committee and adjourn.
In the 'Fourth- Congressional
District a Separate Con
test Is on the Schedule
TEIES HER DAMAGE SUIT
¦•
IIEG1STEATION IS LIGHT
Primary Election To-Day for
the Purpose of Choosing'
Delegates to Conventions
Maypole Dance and Games Afford Pleasure
' to Thousands of Children Who LayvTheir
Books Aside and Revel in a Good Time
H. Digby- Johnston, Barris
ter, Lilts Burden From
Mrs; Richards' Shoulders
PREPARATION
FOR CAMPAIGN
MAYDAY FESTIVITIES AT PARK
MAKE MANY YOUNGSTERS HAPPY
COMES TO AID
OF FAIR LADY
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;GALU,_ TUESDAY, , MAY , 3, . 1904:
5
;£•-= ATVyEBTMEMEirrS.
Ji|||| Tabou°rettes I
niWlnwIlalra fftlH fi' An offcr J ' ust as stron * as that S
'fcllrfV WlfflSyttl iMQ W on -the opposite page. These sell f?
MQIA Sfe^fim^ i j Kh You may tak ° c them with you if 9
&Mii you choose. They are the pret- Tk
tiest p ; cce of sma n furniture that/ g
JL v This day only. Come early. |^
H VThe Credit; House," 233-235-237 Post Street. M--
I IS STIRRING UP ALL SAN FRANCISCO'. !
J Ovr Entire Stock Is Being Sold Out. j
= We're Slaughtering Everything— Regular Prices Are Being Butchered With- =
= out Mercy— Profit Cuts No Figure Now. =
j Here are "(jfjj^^^^S**- *^^^^^^Bj] 1
I two Pages' \\\'%0M filler 1
J from the Sfeti.' 5 i
111 -m^Wm s
| There are thousands S» Sg*^ ° =
= 'of other bargains-and ¦.**&$£&&& ??<<3M&V%*. i
= all are equally aston- *^» \%.-^^t- Xiir '•¦*S°*bl **?t ?„ *«& 4 =
= % & ''<£»<$&*'¦ -§£rW^' • -
- The merchandise in this e * I *4«£ 2
= sale is all new— afl depend- S« e^» ** ****a% I Z
able * and desirable — all ** _^^^^^^^^*"^ I =
Z down to the nvnute in j><^^^^^^**^ * I —
I Lease of Our BuUding For Sale-Fixtures For Sale— Machinery For Sale. =
S.nniinnMiiJUiiinuiiJllIUJiriUilLlilllWinUiUIIUlUlLJIllUilUUJUiilJUJLiiUiUaUlUiUiUiiE
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
fba. pi erceV
1 FAVORITE
JPRESCR^TON,
NERVOUSNESS
1 heai)a : ;ghe [
ADVERTISEMENTS.^ '
j WOMAN'S BEST FRIEND.
I Women suffer all about us with headache, backache, loss of,
I .energy and spirits, Nervous Dyspepsia and many other ailments
1 . which make life almost -unbearable. Every woman can be im-
I mediately relieved of this suffering if upon the first sign of
B derangement she would take a dose of
I By following the instructions with each box of pills thousands
K of women all over the world have saved their lives.
§ . BEECHAM'S PILLS purify the # blood, give strength and
a vigor to the digestive organs, give/vim and stone to the nerves
ft and put tfie whole body in a healthy condition. A box. of
r. BEECHAM'S PILLS should always be kept in the house as,
* like a "stitch in time." they will invariably have the most
B beneficial effect and save much future worry and anxiety.
| Sofrl Everywhere En Boxes, 1Oc* and 25c»' NURSE SUES FOR WAGES.— Roslna K.
Abel«, a nurse, yesterday sued Walter , A.
Smith, administrator of the estate . of. Ferdi
nand Smith, for $2600 for. services «he per
formed for Ferdinand Smith during the last
J04 weeks of bis life. ¦ »-.wji •"«;•"
:* . L. S. Calkin, edit-- of the Nevada
County. Morning MJner, : formerly
grand chancellor, of the Knights of
Pythias, will lecture .to-morrow i night
before Alemanla Lodge, K. of P., t n
the Pioneer building, on "Lights and
Shadows of Pythlanlsm." and a gen
eral invitation has been . extended to
the local -Knights to attend.- :„ -
Newspaper Man 'to Lecture.
' OAKLAND. May 2.— The funeral of
Colonel Hiram Van Arman, who died
in this, city last Thursday, was held
to-day" at 1:30 p. m. from the under
taking parkws of James Taylor. : The
services: were very simple and were
conducted. by: the Rev. E. R. Dllle. The
remains were incinerated at the Oak
land Crematory. , ... '.'-. .,„ -.-., -.--.. -•-
Funeral of Colonel Von Annan.
A* statement of business in the Re
corder's office for .the month of April
was made yesterday, it shows that
3390 documents had been filed as fol
lows:. Agreements, 26; ; bills of sdle,
65; building contracts, 204; dee<l3,
1028; deeds of trust, 129; leases, 43;
marriage certificates, 387; „ mortgages
(real). 415; mortgages (personal),
2i)l; reconveyances, 79; releases (real),
290; releases (personal), 109. '
Documents Filed.
Final distribution In the matter of
the estate of the late Jacob Helnsohn,
who left considerable of his money to
benevolent organizations, was or
dered to-day." His estate amounts to
$11,752, and is divided as follows: To
Golden Gate Lodge of the San Fran
cisco Theosophical Society, $36 92 72;
German Old People's Home of \ San
Francisco, J3 6 08 72; to Sophie Brem
mer, 12250 57, and to Grete E. Ja
cobine, S2014 05.
Distributes Estate.
The Supreme Court spent nea-ly
the whole of yesterday in listening to
arguments In the case of the Free
Gold Mining Company against Su
perior Judge Torrence of San Diego
County. The plaintiffs want the d2-
Xendant' restrained from proceeding
further in his hearing of the cas« until
certain of his orders shall have been
reviewed by the. Supreme Cour«v More
than Sl.000.000 worth of property is
involved.
Supreme Conrt Hears Arguments.
• OAKLAND. May 2.— The Nile Club
has set apart Tuesday evenings, for
mnslcales to be given by a large or
. ehestra which lias been organized
under the direction of William J. Mc-
Coy. The club directors .hope to mak«
the evenings a feature of the club life.
Nile Club Musi sales.
NEW YORK—Arrived May 2— Stmr Ar
tnenlan, from Liverpool; stmr Aetorla, from
Gla*cow. i?*&*?**s
: GENOA— Arrived May 2— Stmr Primesa Vic
toria Lluae, from New * York. - .- . .¦ :
¦ Sailed May 2 — Stmr,; Citta di.Napoli, for
New York. \
. LONDON— Arrived May 2— Stmr Minneap
olis, from New York.
¦LIVERPOOL — Arrived May 2— Stmr Aus
trian, from Halifax.
' ANTWERP— Arrl»ed May 2— Stmr Zeeland
from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
' TATOOSH— Passed May 2— Stmr Sha9ta,
hence Apr 29, for Falrnavon; stmr City of
Put-bla. hence Apr 30, for Victoria, etc.
COOS HAY— Sailed May 2— Stmr Empire
lor S«n Francisco: *chr Mary E. Ruas, for
San Frnnclsco. . ' _ .-,..: .
". ABERDEEN— Arrived May 2— Stmr O. C
LiindautT. hence Apr 29.
Sailed May 2— Stmr Coronado, for San Pe
dro; »chr W. J. Patterson, for Redondo; brig
Lurline. for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 1— Stmr O.
C. Undauer. hence Apr 28. May 2— Etmr
Olympic, hence Apr 20.
, Sailed May 2 — Etmr Coronado. for San Pedro:
¦tmr IUta Newman, for < Bristol Bay; schr
"W. ¦• J. Patterson, , for Redondo: briE Lurline,
for San Francl«co. \
SAILED.
Monday. May 2.
Stmr Nome City. Bonifield. San Pedro.
Stmr Oualala, Hanecn,' Albion.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Monday, May 2.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zoddart, 48 hours from
Ean Pedro. .. 4 .
IJr bark Melanorx*; Wills. M> days from New
castle. Aua. -,„,..;-,,
AUUIVED
Late Shipping Intelligence.
i Right Rev. Thomas J. Conaty,
Bishop of the Catholic diocese of Los
Angeles/ delivered a lecture at the
Alhambra Theater last night under
the auspices of the . local Catholic
Truth Society. The theater was well
filled and the Bishop's words were
well received by the large and repre
sentative gathering.
,- He, spoke on "Religion and Educa
tion" and proved an interesting and
intelligent talker. He dwelt at length
on the condition of. education in the
common yKchools of the .country, and
also the schools conducted, under the
auspices of the Catholic; church. The
Bishop contended that religious edu
cation was the more beneficial to the
youth of the present day and cited
numerous examples in support, of his
theory. ' >^»
Noted Prelate From. Los Angeles Talks
on "Religion and Education" at
Altiambra Theater. (
BISHOP COXATY SPEAKS
TO A LARGE? AUDIENCE
The financial report of Cashier
Donahue of the Board of Public
Works for the month of April was
made yesterday,, It showed an extnu
ordinary Increase over receipts for any
any month since the new charter went
into effect. The total sum received
by Cashier Donahue was $20,734 75,
against $15,930 for the month of
March. A total of S96 building and
repair permits were Issued. The dis
bursements for the month amounted
to 510,193 38.
Inurca&o in Receipts.
ALAMEDA. May 2. — The City Trus
tees lo-nlsht decided to operate the
municipal electric light plant during
the 4ay for the purpose of supplying
•power for commercial purposes. Trus
,-tee W. M. Bowers reported that It
would cost $2500 to install th<? -neces
sary wires, transformers a»>d poles for
the power FyFtc-m. One large current
ll&e » ill be run from the electric
'plant at the south end of Park street
'along that thoroughfare to Railroad
avenue, and ano'.her will be extended
westerly along Alameda avenue to
Benton. street.
Will Oj>crale Lfeht I»lati5
OAKLAND. May 2. — Joseph Jo
sephs, a farmer residing at San Lo
renzo, dropped dead this afternoon
while -planting potatoes. It is thought
that death was caused by heart dis
ease. The deceased was 60 years of
age.
Farmer Drops Dead.
OAKLAND, May 2. — The funeral of
former Supreme Justice Charles N.
Fox, who died last night, will be held
at 10 a. m. next Wednesday from the
family residence, 1057 Market street,
under *h» auspices of Porter Lodge
No. 272, Independent Order of Odd
Fellows.
Funeral of Judge C. X. Fox.
The circulars are attractively printed
in colors. Besides giving .concisely
valuable information in regard to rail
way rates, etc., they set forth some of
the reasons why the Eastern man
should visitj California during the
Knights Templar Conclave. The cir
culars are printed by the . executive
committee of the Twenty-ninth Tri
ennial Conclave of Knights Templar.
The California Promotion Commit
tee has already used a large quantity
in their Eastern mail and finds no in
convenience in pending thorn out. All
those that desire to send circulars
should leave orders at the headquar
ters of the California Promotion Com
mittee, ¦ 25 New Montgomery street,
and the circulars will be furnished
free of charge. .-¦=¦>
The California Promotion Commit
tee will distribute Knights Templar
circulars of a size suitable ,to inclose
in the mail to all those that desire to
call the attention of Eastern business
houses and individuals to the coming
Knights Templar Conclave next Sep
tember.
Information Is Dissemlnntcd in East
Relative to the Knichts Templar
Conclave in This City.
Charged With Chicken Thefts.
OAKLAND, May 2. — Frank Tietz.
who has a criminal record, was ar
rested to-day by Detectives Shorey and
Holland on suspicion that he has been
plundering chicken houses throughout
the city on a wholesale # scAle. It is
charged that Tietz sold' hi3 stolen
fowls at the Oakiand prdduce market.
Among the complainants is John Rus
sell, 182S Nineteenth avenue, who lost
thirty-five hens.
OAKLAND. May 2. — l A charge of
embezzlement 'against George H.
Mayer, preferred by Mrs. E. Joujou of
Oakland, was dismissed to-day by Po
lice Judge Samuels. Mayer said his
arrest was unwarranted and was per
secution at the hands of Attorney H.
K. James of Alameda.
: ALAMEDA. May 2. — John Rodger
"find. Vincent Gomez, two of the four
'boys arrested yesterday for stripping
a dredgrr in the estuary, of a boatload
•of brass and metallic fittings, were
.charged with petty larceny to-day
and. their case set for hearing before
Justice of the Peace F. S. Cone to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock. Rodger
fs 14. years of age and Gomez is 12.
Joseph Rodger and Manuel Gomez,
"lh» otner lads implicated in the theft,
were released ui">n the advice of the
District Attorney because of their ten
der- years and because it appears that
thetr plder brothers were responsible
for the robbery.
Young Pirates Must Answer,
PROMOTION COMMITTEE
SENDS OUT CIRCULARS
Policeman John P. Scanlan was to
day convicted in. the Police Court by
Police Judge Mortimer Smith of bat
tery upon J. J. Mulvey, a crippled
newsboy with whom Scanlan quarreled
over a bet on the Britt-Corbett fight.
Mulvey lost the bet, according to the
testimony heard by Judge Smith, and
Scanlan made a demand for the coin.
The loser asked for delay, saying he
did not have^the money with him.
Thereupon Scanlan got into a very
warm argument, during which some
strong swearing was done by Mulvey—
enough to greatly enrage the police
man. It was then that Scanlan lost
his temper" and kicked Mulvey.
Scanlan did not deny the charge ot
battery, but has justified his actions
by declaring that he was provoked by
Mulvey beyond reason.
Sentence was postponed until
Wednesday. On Friday Scanlan will
be compelled "to face charges before
the Board of Police and Fire Commis
sioners growing out of the trouble with
Mulvey.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 2.
Objects to Sunday Card Playinjy.
Mrs. Hortense Russell and her son
were playing cards on Sunday even
ing with her sister, Mrs. Ingles, in tho
kitchen of Mrs. Ingles' apartments at
329. Eddy street. The game was
stopped by Ingles, who threw a chair
at the players. It struck Mrs. Russell
on the head and inflicted a scalo
wound. Policemen Roediger and Fo
garty were notified, but when they
went to the house Mrs. Russell re
fused to prefer a charge asjilmt
Ingles, who, when asked why htj threw
the chair, said he objected to can!
playing on Sunday. Mrs. Rusaell wai
sent to the Central Emergenrv Hos
pital, where her wounded scalp wa3
fetitched and dressed.
Hannon Seeks Itedres*.
Pf trick Hannon, an official of the
L-ifcojers* Protective and Benevolent
Assoi5ation. who on November jS.
1903, -was arrested on a charge of em
berzl.'njer the funds of the association
and who" was subsequently found to
be innocent of any wrongdoing. think3
his airest was caused ( bv sj>it2 arul ha
has Irstituted proceedings against the
association to recover an amount of
money he claims will be comnv?T»
surate/ with the loss and damage he
svstained through his arrest. Yester
day he. filed a suit against the dssocia
t'ou for-525^000 damages for malicious
prosecution.
Unavoidable Accident.
Coroner Leland held an inquest yes
terday upon the body of Andrew J.
Reavey, wlro was run over and killed
by an electric streetcar on Bryant
street, between Fourth and Fifth, on
April 19. The jury returned- & verdict
of "unavoidable accident." ,- -
School Census Finished.
OAKLAND. May 2. — The school
census, which has just been taken,
shows that the total number of school
children in this city is slightly over
17.000. The official tabulations have
not yet been issued and the exact
number is not yet known. The total
falls a little short of that of last year,
which was 17,827.
Judge Smith Convicts Pa
trolnmii of Battery Charge
for Maltreating Newsboy
The rest of the 240 smartly gowned
women were scattered about at thirty
tables, at each of which one of the fol
lowing ladies presided, and with pretty
grace: •
Mrs. W. P. Shaw. Mrs. H, de Wolfe, Mrs.
J E. Birmingham. Mrs. Boole. Mrs. S.-.W.
Backus, Mrs. John F. Merrill. Mrs. Joseph
Hasbrouck, Mrs. John D. McKee. Mrs. J.
Parker Currier. Mrs. C. S. Wright. Mrs. Wil
liam Manning. Mrs. C. H. Wilson, Mrs. Har
r'mrton Mrs. Havens, Mrs. Hugo Keil, Mrs.
S C. Densen. ""Mrs. F. A. Colley. Mrs. G. J.
Bucknall, Mrs. Charles B. Stone. Mrs. J. P.
Fuller Mrs. W. M. Willltt. Mrs. P. N. Woods.
Mrs James Stewart, Mrs. W. J. Landers. Mrs.
Lester Herrick. Mrs. M. J. - McDonald. Mrs.
N. G. Holcombe. Mrs. F. G. Sanborn. .
The toasts? Now, here is where
women are upward climbing. Toasts
were formerly the sole luxuries of men,
but now — -. Herewith Is a list of the
pleasantries talked about, and who
shall say that they could be aught than
clever?.
•Mrs. Edward B. Young, toastmistress.
• •<Th» House Beautiful," Mrs. I. S. Belcher,
••p.^ace to this house where we shall enter In;
Let music sonnd. and love and laughter light
Refresh us for the day."
"The Sixth Sense," Mrs. Walter G. Hol
conibe.
"Tact, tact, take It for a fact."r
"Tho*Found«rs of Sorosls," Mrs. Marvin R.
"They bullded better than they knew.'"
"The Woman ot Forty," Mrs. William* Man
n "When she is neither too young to be wise,
I Nor too old to be careful."
"Our Club . Comrades." Mrs. Frederick G.
Sanborn. \ " "
••Distinct as the btlwws. yet one aa the sea."
"The Man Behind the Gun." Mrs. Edgar R.
Bryant. .
• T'Cooped In his ; winged sea-girt citadel."
."Our President," Mrs. William R. Eckart.
"To love her Is a liberal education."
And let the greeting of the club go
out to all the world for its worthiness
of sentiment:" ,
"May our. enmities be transient.
And our friendships eternal."
Yesterday the Channlng Auxiliary
was entertained by. a clever presenta
tion of "The Winter's Tale," Mrs. « W.
P. Buckingham interpreting the leading
parts, with Mrs." Squire Varlck Alooney
as the i statue and ,_Miss ; Lillian Stadt
muller v as 'Perditta. The presentation
was delightfully given and- much^ ap
preciated. #^ m -
The Forum Club will hold a most in
teresting meeting to-morrow, when the
clever London journalist. Miss Agnes
Murphy, will talk . to the members.
That she will •'. have something to - say
worth hearing— and an inimitable man
ner of saying it — is vouched for.' by
those 'that have ¦'< heard ¦ Miss :.Murphy. ¦
Mrs. L, L. Dunbar. Mrs. A. H. Vail, the
newly elected president; Mrs. Marvin R. His
glns Mrs. Josephine Morrl* de Greayer, Mrs.
Edward B. Young, Mrs. I. S .Belcher. Mrs.
Payot, Mrs. McOauley, Mrs. Carr, Mrs. John
F. Swift. Mrs. George Oulton, Mrs. John
BakewPH, Mm. I. Lowenben:. Mrs. E. C.
Wright, Mrs Phillips and Mrs. Hardy.
Gay, very gay, were the bevies of
women that stormed the St. Francis
yesterday afternoon, when the Sorosls
Club gave a breakfast in honor of its
retiring president, Mrs. Luis' Lane
Duni>ar, she who has held the chair
for two happy and . prosperous years,
winning fairly the love and confidence
of her fellow clubwomen— and keeping
it. The tables at the feast— it's beyond
me to know why it was called u break
fast, which clearly it wasn't— were
truly beautiful with their burdens ot
Glazenwood roses and yellow shades.
Though yellow was the decorative
scheme, the atmosphere was distinctly
roseate— red and cheery with rare good
fellowship. At the central table were
seated the following named: .
By Sally Sharp.
OAKLAND, May 2. — Patrick Smith
pleaded guilty before Police Judge
Samuels this morning on a charge of
battering his daughter. Miss Nellie
Smith. Policeman Hamilton said
Smith had gone to his offspring's
lodging-house, S62 Broadway, and
kicked the "woman, cutting her face
and otherwise injuring her. —
Father Brntnl to Daughter.
SOROSIS CLUB
BREAKFASTS AT
THE ST. FRANCIS
OAKLAND, May 2.— The funeral of
the late Calvin B. McDonald, the pio-'
neer journalist, was held this after
noon from the rooms of the Oakland
Press Club, the services being con
ducted under direction of that organi
zation. The Rev. William Carson
Shaw, rector cf the Church of the Ad
vent, officiated.
Alfred Willcie sang two selections.
William R. Davis delivered an elo
quent eulogy upon the great work Mc-
Donald had .done with his pen to
save California to the . Union during
the Civil War. Davis linked McDon
ald's name with those of Thomas
Starr King and Colonel E. D. Baker.
Old friends contributed 'flowers in
abundance. The pall-bearers were
Clarence E. Wilson, president of the
Oakland Press Club; T. C. Mastellar.
Russell Park, Will H. Brown, Daniel
McCarthy, Herschel McDonald and
Will H. Jordan. Interment was in
Mountain View Cemetery.
Fellow Craftsmen ~ Pay 'T 1 rHmt«v , r nt
. Oakland Press Club to Memory of
Calvin B. McDonald.
•It Ie Not Believed, However, That
Shortage Will Distnrb Funds
of County.
OAKLAND, May 2.— The total
©mount of delinquencies in the col
lection of this year's taxe3 footed up
•to-day shows that $14€,024 71 remains
•unpaid on the books of County Tax
Collector Barber. This Is an excess
over last year of J111.04S 76, but is
• "accounted for by the fact that the
taxes of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany have not been paid, owine to
a Sl.000.000 increase in its assess
ment.
In speaking of the shortage that
¦will result Auditor Bacon said to
-day: "We allow quite a margin for
•delinquencies, and as there was some
question over the taxing of the water
. in the Contra Costa's reservoirs we
made an extra allowance, and I do
«iot believe the funds will be disturb
ed by the unusual shortage."
FINDS SCANDALAN
TO BE GUILTY
PROFESSOR WHO WILL TEACH
MUSIC AT UNIVERSITY OF CAL
IFORNIA BUMMER SqHOOL. <¦
PIOXEER NEWSPAPER
~MAX IiATD TO REST
h£ayy delinquencies
in the tax totals
OAKLAND, May 2.— The students
and alumnae of 3Iills College are pre«
paring: to observe on Wednesday next
the birthday anniversary of, that late
Dr. Mills, who, with his wife, the pres
ent head of the college, founded the
institution. Appropriate services will
be held in Lisner Hall at 10:30 o'clock
in the morning. A large gathering of
alumnae is expected to attend.
To Honor Dr. 3Iills' Memory.
OAKLAND, May 2. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Angelo Car
bonari, 34, San Francisco, and Gulia
Federigli, 24, Oakland; "William
Burns, 30, and Cornelia Ds*son, 23,
both of San Francisco; John R. Bai
ley, 71, and Anna Field, 60, both of
Coulterville; Antonio JJ. Santos, 53,
and Maria C. de Jesu?. 42, both of
Pleasanton; Peter K. Swifel, 47, and
Ursula Baechtold, 40, both of Oak
land; Archibald W. Murphy, 23, and
Mary E. Cochrane, 23, both of San
Francisco; William H. Skearman,
Pittsburg, Pa., and Sina Smith, 28,
Berkeley; William L. Edmester, 36,
and Bessie D. Hards', 27, both of Oak
land.
Marriage Licenses.
The general subjects of Dr. Stanley's
lectures will be "Music in Its Relations
to Life" and "The History of Music."
The first will treat of music in educa
tion. In worship, the function of the
music-room, the applieation-of the prin
ciples of criticism to music and the
ethical influence of certain great move
ments—for example, the troubadours,
minnesingers and mastersingers. This
•ourse is more particularly for music
teachers, but it will be nevertheless in
teresting and instructing to others. The
second course will be devoted to the
consideration of the evolution of music
os seen in its history. It will be illus
trated from works of the most im
portant epochs, and a number of lec
tures will be given with the aid of the
streopticon.
If a sufficient number of students de
sire it, Dr. Stanley will give a course
in harmony. A large chorus will be
formed, which will meet one or two
evenings each week for the study of
such choral works as may seem feasi
ble.
BERKELEY, May 2.— Instruction In
music is to be offered for the first time
in the history of the University of CaU
ifornia at the coming session of the
summer school. Music is a subject that
universities have left for the regularly
organized schools of music to take up,
but the scope of the 'university. is_ wid
ening more and more, and in time It
is expected that fully organized depart
ments to teach the gentle art will-be
numbered among the activities of all of
them. More attention is paid to music
at the University of California just
now than ever before, and the signs
point to a time when courses will be
offered as part of the curriculum. This
arrangement for the summer school is
one of the signs. It may be looked
upon as a wedge for something greater
-and permanent.
Dr. Albert A. Stanley, professor of
music at the University of Michigan,
which already boasts a department of
music, is coming to teach the art and
theory of music at the summer session.
He has taught music for sixteen years
at 'Michigan and has^gajned some re
nown as a composer;-";; ai; .'
Miss LArzie Ixx* f With Mania for Sui
cide. Tries to Drink Carbolic
Acid.
. BERKELEY. May 2. — Miss Lizzie
: Lbeb, a young lady living with her
njother in West Berkeley, gave way to
• her mania for suicide and attempted
.to take her life last night bydraining
a bottle of carbolic acid. The timely
arrival of Deputy Marshal William C.
Carey prevented her from carrying
• out her intent. The trouble which led
Miss Lee to the determination to de
stroy herself arose from a trivial
quarrel with her mother.
Miss L/oeb has made several at
tempts to leave the world by hen own
act during the last" few years. The
Oakland police are acquainted with
the young woman, as on at least two
occasions she has hired a room in a
lodging-house In that city with the
resolution to take her life. Her most
recent escapade was. an attempt to
drink poison in a butcher-shop in
West Berkeley. At that time the
young woman vigorously protested
T..hat she was overcome by a violent fit.
The doctor that was called in, how
jever. told a different story.
, Miss Loeb's latest attempt at sui
• cide was brought about by her moth
er's refusal to allow her to ffo with
another young woman.
FAIIJ5 TO ACCOMPLISH
HER DESIRE TO DIE
United States Circuit Judges Gilbert,
Ross and Morrow and United States
District Judge Hawley opened the May
session of the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals yesterday.
Motions to dismiss the appeals from
the Judgment of United States District
Judge de Haven confirming the report
of United States Commissioner Hea
cock, who recommended the deporta
tion of Tsoi Yii. Yee Yuen, Cheung
Him Nim, Chew Iling-, Lee Yue and
Chin Chew Fons were denied.
It was contended by the attorneys
for the Government that section 13 or
the act of September, 1888, gives the
right of appeal only from the ruling
of the Commissioner to the Judge of
the District Court, and that the de
cision of such Judge is not the Judg
ment of the Court and not a final de
cision appealable to the Circuit Court
of Appeals.- . V \ •'.
After quoting several . decisions of
the Supreme Court to show that the
decision in of the District Judge in this
particular case is a fihaKdecision, the
Circuit Court of Appeals says:
If appeals could be taken In those cases to
the Supreme Court they could be entertained
only en the ground that the decision of tn»
District Court on an appeal from a Commls
slcner*s decision was a Judgment of th« Dis
trict Court, and, as such, a final decision from
which an appeal could b? taken.
The 'following .decisions were handed
down:
The Eureka County Ban* vs. Ida K. Clark*
— Xevida — Judgment affirmed. •
American Bonding Company of Balttmor* ?».
Spokane Building and Loan Society — Wash
ington — Judgment affirmed with costs.
\V. H. Russell and W, Myers vs. Helen F.
Havner and others — Alaska — Judgment af
firmed with costs. -
The First National Bank of Miles City vs.
tl> State National Bank o/ Miles City—Mon
tana — Two Appeals, one dismissed and one af
firmed. ¦ • ' —
United States of America vs. Ah Chun? —
Washington— Judgment reversed and cause re
manded to the court below to deport Ah
Chun&.
A. W. McKnight and George C. Taylor vs.
United States of America, as guardian of
Josephine Hall — Montana — Judgment affirmed.
Northwestern -Commercial Company, claim
ant of schooner Lilly L.. v». Osca»Vitertels —
Washington— Decree reversed and libel dls
-rnissed. ¦••¦ ' '¦ ' ' "
i Bunker Hill and Sullivan Mining and Con
centratinK Company »v». Chartes _T.^ Jones —
Orpgon— Judgment affirmed. • • "^- 1— -.*
Frye & liruhn vs. Thomas Carstens and
Jamea A. Sproule— Washlngrtoa — Appeal dts-
Cnarles B Hopkins, M. S. Marsha) (for the
District of Washington). Thomas M. Fisher
(O.ine?e Inspector) et al. vs. Blanche Fachant
(formerly Blanche Masclex) — Washington —
Judgment affirmed.
Frank H. Guffey vs. the Alaska and Pacific
Steamship Company — Washington — Decree af-
M. F. Gibson vs. A. M. Anderson — WMhlng
: ton — Decree affirmed.
The San Francisco Copper Mlnrng and Re
duction Company vs. Emery C. Humphrey—
Judgment affirmed.
Orientals Gain First Blood
in a Battle in the .Upper
Court on Some Law Points
Fiftieth District— A. Borland. W. E. Dow
ling. John J. McDonald. George E. Faw, W.
V. Harrington,. Thomas 'J. ! Thompson.
Fifty-second - District— Clyde E. Abbott, H.
B. Griffith, S; L. SulllTan. S.' J. Sin, A. F.
Ponier/R. E. Berry. James B. Garber.
Forty-eighth Assembly District — Carl H.
Abbott, \V. Basil White, P. C. Dlbert, Alex
Hlrahberr, J. J. McElroy, J. J. Munro, J. C.
Scott. ! ' ¦
Fifty-first District— Henry A. Melvln, C.H.
Daly. H..D. Row*. G. E. Altken, C. G. Dodge.
W. E. Dargie.
Some of the Democratic selections
are: ; :.
Forty-ninth — Frank Williams, Robert Yates,
J. J. Burke. Oliver' Ellsworth. Ben O. John
son. M. O Nunan. D. J. Mulllns. Edward A.
Boell, James O. Quinn.
Fiftieth District— W. Frank Pierce, R, G.
Lwkens, John A. Britton. A. D'. Smith, John
W. Stetson. Fred Hathaway. Guy C. Earl, C.
E. Snook, A. H. Breed, H. B. Mehrman. C. H.
Pearson, Everett Brown. ¦"•
Forty-eighth— Clarence Crowell, J. Cal Ew
lng, v Frank Barnett, W. M. Fltzmaurice," P.
G. Nelson, Henry Hennings, A. C/- Hodges,
Frank K. Mott, C. M. Bonnemort.
Forty-sixth District— J. O. McKeown, David
McDonald, M. Hansen. C. F. Chalmers, John
J. Santos. J. E. Wamsley. F. B. Granger, A;
B. Carey, J. B. Parsons, H.. E.-Bmner. Henry
Gansberger. • .' ¦ . s .' ¦
Fifty-second District— F. M. Wilecn, W. H.
Marston, Anson S. Blake, Thomas Rlckard, P.
R. Boone, James Kenney. J. D. Hutton, P. S.
Blehl, R. C. Staats. D. H. ~runs.
Some cf the district delegations to the
Republican State Convention follow:
Fiftieth District— J.' L. Bromley. George W.
Reed, J. P. Taylor. Charles E. Snook. Wil
liam G. Henshaw, Everett Brown. J. F. W.
Sohst, Clarence Crtnvell, William Moller, Theo
Olmstead. D. Knowles. George S. Evans.
Fifty-first District — Henry A. Melvln, C. H.
Daly, George 8. Pierce. W. E. Darsle. C. G.
Dodge, J. W. Evans.
Forty-seventh District— P.\ S. Teller, W. H.
Noy, E. E. Johnson, John Lubben, C. L. TJr
dale, John Larkln. J. B. Lanktree. J. S. Han
ley, P. Perata.
Forty-eighth District — Frank Barnett.
Charles U- Ineler. It. Q. Williams. J. M.
Kelly, Percy C.' Black. I. Tqbriner, Rod "\V.
Church, H. T. Hempstead. R. J. Callashan. .
Forty-ninth District— Daniel J. MulUns,
James F.Hanley, George Fitzgerald, J. J. Al
len, Frank Williams, George Parker, M. C.
Nunan, J. B. Cruz. .
Primary elections for the choice of
delegates to the various party. State
conventions will be held to-morrow
throughout Alameda County. No Intel -
est has been aroused In Alameda Coun
ty, because the_party politics is har
monious. There are no contests in any
district or In any party.
There will also be Congressional dele
gates chosen to the Third District Con
gressional Convention, which will elect
two delegates to the National Republi
can Convention. These delegates are as
follows: . , . ...
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 2. ''
1 * . Oakland Office Ban Francisco CalL
1118 Broadway, May 2.
Because, it Is alleged, her husband
would not allow her eixteen-year-old
daughter to go out In the evening when
ehe pleased Mro. Mary S. Spyers, wife
of Henry Spyers, who resides at 17S2
Pacific street, took the girl with her
last Saturday and, hiring a horse and
buggy from a local livery 6table, de
parted from the family home. The
husband has not since been able to lo
cate either wife or child. After search
ing in rain for the missing ones all
flay Sunday and to-day the deserted
husband reported the matter to the po
lice this evening and enlisted their aid
in the Eearch.
Spyers Is the proprietor of a stall
at the free market.
The accident was caused by the
breaking of a guy rope, this being the
second of the kind since work was be
gun on the building.
Everybody thought Berg had been
killed, but before his fellow workmen
could reach him he walked out from
the midst of the debris unaided. Di.
J. T. Farrar. who was summoned,
found-the man's Injuries to consist of
a broken rib and a lacerated foot. He
was taken to a sanitarium for treat
ment.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
/ 2148 Center Street, May 2.
John Berg lives after falling four
stories and landing upon a mass of
metal beams at the new First National
Bank building now being built on
Shattuck avenue and Center street. It
was a miraculous escape from death
or frightful injury, for Berg only sus
tained a broken rib and a deep cut
across the left ankle.
Berg's plunge through the air was
observed by a large number of people
waiting: for the train at Berkeley sta
tion this morning. There was a clash
of structural work and rigging at the
new building, and a heavy steel girder
went flying downward. In Its flight
it struck the platform .upon -which
Berg, who is a machinist, was station
ed, and smashed it instantly. Berg fell
with the whole mass and landed in the
basement. .
The fixing of water rates will proceed
in committee of the • whole Thursday
night.
J. H. MacDonald, who bought for
5S500 franchises on College avenue and
in East Oakland for an electric rail
road, has, through F. E. Chapin, as
assignee, made application to the City
Council for a return of the JS500, claim
ing that there are defects in the call
for bids that render void the Council's
action in granting the franchises.
. Pendleton said he had
been requested by Mayor Olney to an
nounce that the Mayor would, in. view
of the failure' of the arbitration scheme,
reopen negotiations with the Bay Cities
Water Company looking toward the
submission of bids to furnish the city
with an independent water supply. In
the special committee's report they an
nounce that Reginald H. Thomson, City
Engineer of Seattle, had been selected
as the city's representative on the
board of arbitration." . "
The scheme of arbitratioir^to get the
value of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany's plant for rate fixing purpose 3
has failed.. After months of labor the
special committee of the City Council
appointed to name the city's represent
ative on the proposed board of arbi
trators reported that the plan could
not be legally carried out according to
an opinion rend'ered by City Attorney
McElroy. With its report the commit
tee submitted the voluminous cor
respondence had with President Wil
liam J. Dingee and showing that the
water company and the committee
were unable to meet upon a basis of
agreement concerning what should' be
taken as necessary items by the ex
perts in finding the value of the portion
of the company's plant required to sup
ply the city of Oakland.
President Dornin of the special com
mittee said it had been impossible to
bind the water company to the original
agreement and also to Induce President
Dingee to stand upon his first agree
ment as binding upon the water com
pany alone and not upon the city.
After the report had been read and
filed the committee, which was com
posed of Chairman Dornln, Councilmen
Pendleton and Cuvelller, was, at its
own request, discharged. " .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 2.
CHINESE MAY
TAKE APPEALS
Harmony Exists as to the
Men Who Shall Be Repre
sentatives in Convention
Henry Spyers Asks the Police
. to Aid Him in Discover
ing the Runaway, Pair
Purposes Securing Bids to
Insure Oakland an Inde
pendent Water Supply
Steel Girder. Strikes Plat
form on Which He Works
and Sends Him to Ground
NQ CONTESTS ARE ON
SEAECH IS FRUITLESS
MAYOR OLNEY WILL ACT
Mrs. Mary. S. Spyers Deserts
Her Husband. Taking
Only Daughter With Her
Primaries Will Be Held To-
Day Throughout County
by All of the Parties
Special Committee to Deter
mine Value of Contra Cos
ta's Plant Is Discharged
A GUY BOPE GIVES WAY
John Berg, Machinist, Lives
to Tell Tale of His Long
Plunge Through the Air
WIFE AND CHILD
FLY FROM HOME
CALL TO ELECT
THE DELEGATES
WORKMAN FALLS
GREAT DISTANCE
ARBITRATION
SCHEME FAILS
INSTRUCTION IN MUSIC OFFERED
AT UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
Dr. Albert A. Stanley, Professor at Michigan,
Is Coming to Teach the Gentle Art
at the Summer - Session; at Berkeley
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLY TUESDAY, MAY 3, 1904.
6
James D. Phelan gave a dinner party
at the ' Bohemian Club last night In
honor of Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Vander
bilt. The decorations were handsome.
The enjoyment of the occasion was en
hanced by the monologues of Miss
Eleanor Haber. Those aeked to the
feast were: Mr. and Mrs. Peter Martin,
Miss Phelan, Mr. and Mrs. Hewitt, Mr.
and Mrs.- Joseph Tobin, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Magee, Mr. and Mrs. McNear,
Mr. and Mrs. Follls, Mr. and Mrs.
Truxtun Beale, • Mr, and Mrs. Robert
Oxnard, • Miss Hager, Miss Virginia
Jolliffe. Miss Eells, Miss Laura.. Me-
Kinstry, R^Watson, Enrique Grau,.Mr.
McCaleb and "William Denman. ,
To-day is the day of days at the Cal
ifornia Club, for know ye all/ fellow
clubwomen, that to-day is election day,
and /therefore be sure to get around.
The brunt of the good-natured strife
is, of course, the presidential chair, with
two excellent women In the running —
Mrs. J. W. Orr and Mrs. Aylett Cotton
the contestants. That there will be a
close run Is fully expected, and interest
runs high. These elections are fun—no
wonder men enjoy their politics. May
the cleverest woman win! The club
will need her to maintain its present
efficient and vigorous standard, which
never was so high. . . .
The Irving Club will hold its annual
reception in Elks' Hall on Thursday,
preceding which Dr. Stewart will pre
sent a lecture upon "Modern Song," to
be illustrated by six clever artists. Over
800 Invitations have been issued, and
the affair promises to be one of the
most delightful of the season.
Besides the journalist. Miss Cassie
Haymond, Mrs. Eric Neil and Miss
Gladys Ure will contribute to the after
noon's pleasure. Miss Ure will sins
some composition of her own, with per
haps a • flavor of the land from which
she comes — the land of the Bushmen.
Says lie Is Pcrsccnted.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fcav STOMACH g»
Don't expect to enjoy good health
as Ions as the stomach is weak.
That's impossible.
Strengthen it with the Bitters and
good health is assured.*
It always cures Poor Appetite,.;
Heartburn, Indigestion, Dyspepsia -
and Liver Complaints. Give it a trial. <
BB-ANGH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA-COUNTY
3 iA OAKLAND. JJ
. 1118 Broadway. /*£
Telephone Main 10S3. JM
BERKELEY. T
2148 Center Street. • "
Telephone North IT. "K
V ALAMEDA. ~i i7 "
1435 Park Street.
' ': % Telephone Alameda 459i
AD VERTISEMENTS.
MODERN METHODS' 7
And a thorough theoretical and practical
knowledge of
...DENTISTRY...
Place our work on a plane much above
the average: Nothing la done on chance.
Each operation Is successful ¦ because
carefully considered and skillfully car*
rled out.
TEETH
Made by us will last for many years.
Gold Pililnsrs . . si .oo Bone rilllasr. . boo
Silver rilllngs. . .50cj Extraction rreeV
P0ST-6RADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
- 3 TAT1OB ST., SA3T PBA3T CISCO.
Oakland. Ban Jose. - Sacnmaate,With all the enthusiasm usually a,t
"teztdinj? a national convention of any
Importance, the seventh annual gath
ering . of the National Association of
Retail Grocers assembled in the art
gallery of Mechanics' Pavilion yester
day morning for deliberation. The cus-
Delegates Are Extended a Hearty Welcome to the City
by Local Organizations and Mayor Schmitz and Plans
Are Perfected for Their Entertainment While Here
Ing up the retail merchants to a concerted ac
tion on same. It Is disappointing to your com
mittee when the requested support ¦ Is thrust
aside or forgotten. • and when convention time
comes you wonder why something has not been
done by this committee. Tour committee has a
report ip make, and I am certain that you will
give ¦ them credit - for much hard work and
some success. Ona evil seems to have spread
RETAIL GROCERS' SEVENTH ANNUAL
CONVENTION BEGINS ITS SESSIONS
Continued on Page 10. Column 1.
members better Informed we concluded to pub
lish a weekly Trade Bulletin. The idea was
to get our work before our merchants, keep
them advised of what was being done, and to
turnlsh news to the trade papers of our
country who have been stanch friends at all
times in encouraging our efforts. This depart-,
ment has been managed by Secretary . Mason,
with the assistance ot Mr. Hall, whose time
and advice was considered valuable end neces
sary. Many kind and complimentary letters
have been received by our aecietary on this
new departure. . .
The qutstlon of our name has been talked
over many times In the past flftefn months,
and our merchants who are sroc;i - 3 think it
should be changed to read the Retail Mer
chants. This, In a sense, is correct, aa we have
accepted aa members all classes oi retail mer
chants, and I hope the time will come when
we can make such a , change; ; We have a se
rious obstacle to overcome, and that is tii«
financing of our association. You will appreci
ate that the greater volume of our finances
conr.es from friends of organization work, and
for the b2tterment of the retailers' condition,
which In turn reverts upon the donors, who
arc directly, as manufacturer"*, interested in
the welfare or the retail merchant and be
lieve our National Association is deserving of
such assistance in tha plan we are following
to improve the conditions of the retail mer
chants by education and co-operation, which
can be brought about only by organized efforts,
of our association. Until we can finance our
association by a per capita tax large enough
to pay all legitimate expenses, I believe it
wise to make no change.
We are making rapid strides in rating and
collecting system*. Some pans of our country
are\much in advancs of others. To make It
possible for a personal Investigation Into the
best system that has come under my inspec
tion, and to have the system thoroughly ex
plained to you at this convention, N. M. Olson,
secretary of Galesburg Association, Illinois, has
brought to this convention and has opened for
your Inspection the Galesburg system, which
has been indorsed by our National Association,
and should merit your attention. 1 want you all
to see him and have it explained, to satisfy
yourselves that the system is worthy of your
consideration.
Mutual fire Insurance is becoming a great
factor In the Insurance field and of valuable
assistance in association work, and has proven
wherever tried that it is a good proposition and
worthy of indorsement and the support by the
retail merchants of this country. H is no ex
periment, but an assured fact; your Interests
are better protected and your premiums ma
terially reduced. You will hear regarding this
work during our convention, and I would *ug
geFt that you make It your business to be here
when the topic and plan will be presented by
E. A. Taylor of Fargo. N. D.. who Is on our
programme for Wednesday afternoon.
The afternoon session was late in be
ing called to order, as the president de
sired to give the committee on creden
tials plenty of time to complete its
work. At 2 o'clock it was concluded
best to proceed without the report and
the convention was called to order.
Secretary Mason read his report, which
covered fifteen pages of printed matter.
The history of the association was
given from the time of its inception
up to the seventh annual convention
now in session. It waa shown that the
association has a membership of 18,000.
Mr. Mason took' the ground that the
association, was one of educational
character and of beneficial nature to
all retail grocers. The total receipts
were shown to be $17,197 20 for the year
ending April 15, 1904. and disbursements
to the amount of $15,813, Success ob
tained by the association in various
States was cited as" beneficial" to the
entire organization. I Trading stamps
were spoken of as one of the greatest
evils the retail grocers had to encoun
ter. At the conclusion of the. report
a rising vote of thanks was given the
secretary.
The annual report of the treasurer
was read by Treasurer F..M. Newland
and coincided in every respect with the
figures given- by Secretary Fred Ma
son's report: '-~
All State presidents were appointed
by the chair to serve as a committee
on resolutions, and Moore of Indiana,
Green of Ohio and Sullivan of Mis
souri as an auditing committee.
Joseph A. Weis of Rochester, N. Y.,
was appointed assistant secretary to
PORTLAND, Ore., May 2.—-De
spondent because of heavy losses at
gambling, ? H. ' W. Gowell of . Seattle,
one of the most prominent advertising
men of the Pacific Northwest, commit
ted suicide In a small room in a lodg
ing-house at 103 Sixth street North by
turning on the gas before he /retired
last night. His body was, found about
noon to-day.
Gowell left- a note addressed to a
friend stating that he had gambled
about SHOO -at various resorts in this
city. He came here from Seattle
about a , week ago with drafts and
checks and" after spending these he
drew on Seattle banks for more funds.
At first his drafts were honored, but
for the last two days the drafts have
been coming back dishonored.
Gowell in the note asks the gam
bling house to return his wife $300
of the amount lost to enable her to
take up the dishonored paper. Gov/ell
was about 45 years old.
serve during the convention.
Owing to the absence of P. G. Han
sen of Minnesota, C. H. Tebbetts sub
mitted, the annual report of the ways
and means committee. The report
went into the details of how the vari
ous sums of money had been raised i
during the year and the treatment the !
committee had received at the hands
of the various • manufacturer's. The j
committee hoped that the per capita |
tax would soon be sufficient to furnish
the association with all the funds it
would need, without going outside for
contributions. As an individual mem- i
ber. of the- committee, Mr. Hansen, '
through Mr. Tebbetts, said he desired, ,
when the time came to pass upon the
selection of the next meeting place,
to cast his vote for Niagara Falls.
A telegram from Fred Lorend of
Fond du lac, Wis., congratulating. the
association on its seventh annual con
vention, was read and referred to the
committee. on resolutions.
The annual report of P. P. Otterbach
of Washington, D. C.,' chairman of the j
committee on legislation, was read by !
Assistant Secretary Weis, owing to
Mr. Otterback's absence. Trouble which
has grown up between the Washington,
D. C, retail association and the nation
al association caused the withdrawal
of the Washington association from the j
national, and In consequence Mr. Otter- i
back tendered his resignation. The re- i
port was referred to the committee on
resolutions.
A lengthy telegram from the Natural
Food Company, which should have
been delivered at Denver while a num
ber of the delegates were on their way
West, was read.
. Vice President A. W. Farlinger, who
Is chairman of the pure food committee,
stated he would make his report this
morning.
William Gray of Brooklyn, N. Y., was
called UDon to fill in time with an ad
dress. As he is down on the programme
to-day for an address .on- "Early and
Sunday Closing" in a State that has no
Sunday closing law he said he would
prefer to go to his room and prepare a
coat of armor to resist any darts which
might be shot at him. He did hope,
though, the next convention would be
held at Niagara Falls.
Organizer Spain of Washington, who
is a fluent and easy speaker, delivered
a short address, In which he took for
the basis of his talk the "Glorious Cli
mate of California." No selfish interests
should be evidenced by the delegates of
the convention, he contended, for by»
the co-operation of all the commercial
interests of the country could be ad
vanced.
E. T. Ashley, ex-treasurer of the as
sociation, told the convention that his
State — Ohio — has one of the best asso
ciations in the Union. He Is now serv
ing his fifth term as president of the
Ohio Retail Grocers' Association. Every j
time that association went before, the '
Legislature of the State they secured :
what they asked. In order to get a i
garnishment law you must have the
labor element behind you. When it is :
properly explained to labor organiza- j
tions they will co-operate to secure ,lhe \
proper laws, which prove a benefit to!
the laborer and merchant alike. i
Ludwig Warnke, president of the Ala
meda County Retail Grocers' Associa
tion, extended an Invitation to all the
delegates and their familieS--to spend
all day Wednesday across the bay,
where they will be entertained with
sightseeing and luncheon.
At 4:35 o'clock the report of the com-
LOS ANGELES. May 2.— Aa the re
sult of a smash-up at the end of a
wild ride on a runaway bicycle down
a steep mountain trail near Hollywood,
F. P. Maulsbury. a carpenter of this
city, is lying at the Pass Hotel with a
fractured skull, broken jaw and cheek
bones and deep cuts and bruises on his
face and body. .
Maulsbury attempted 'to coast down
the steep winding three miles of road
in the Cahuenga Pass, but lost control
of 'his machine and at one of the sharp
curves in the road crashed into; a ledge
of rock with terrific force, demolishing
his machine and perhaps fatally in
juring himself. Physicians say his re
covery is doubtful. "
The point at which the accident oc
curred is one at which several similar
ones have happened. '.'. .
CYCLIST DISHES
DOWN MOUNTAIN
LOSSES DRlVE
HIM TO SUICIDE
mittee on credentials was . read - and
adopted.' That action was recognized
as completing the organization of the
convention. ,
The chair appointed the following del
egates as committee on rules: Ashley
of Ohio, Tebbetts of Ililinols, Akers of
Michigan, Kramer of Arkansas and
Sullivan of Missouri. The members at
orice retired to discuss the matter, in
their charge.
Elisha Winters was recommended by
the Kansas City Credltmen's Associa
tion to a seat in the convention. The
committee on credentials reported ad
versely on Mr. Winters being seated.
Winters asked the privilege of the floor
to explain the object of his being pres
ent. His reQuest was granted for five
minutes.
Speaking rapidly, he appealed to the
various delegates not to turn him down.
W. E. Sullivan of St. Joseph. Mo., se
cured the floor and opposed the seating
of .any persons who were not retail
merchants. He had the backing of the
entire State of Missouri on that sub
ject, and "if you don't believe me, ask
the Mlssourians, and 'they'll show
you.' "
W. H. Cook of Ohio seconded the re
marks of Sullivan, on the ground that
collecting agents had caused more trou
ble than anything else, and no collect
ing agent should be given a seat In the
convention.
James Lillls of Topeka, Kans.,
thought the matter should be thorough
ly investigated before action was taken
and moved that the motion to not seat
Mr. Winters be laid on the table. There
was no second to the-motlon.
George H. Scherer of Illinois took the
ground that it would be a violation of
the constitution to. seat any one but a
retail grocer as a delegate. It^ias been
the custom for courtesies to be extend
ed to any one who wishes to address
the convention, but not to seat them as
delegates.
A vote was taken as the result of a
: call for the previous question, and Mr.
Winters was denied a seat as a dele
gate. -
A resolution introduced by A. H.
Powers of California calling upon the
executive committee to prepare such
changes to the constitution as may be
deemed expedient and submit the same
to the next convention, was read and
referred to the committee on resolu
tions.
At 5:30 the convention adjourned un
til this morning at 10 o'clock in order
that the delegates might prepare for
the receDtion at the Ferry building in
i the evening.
Extensive preparations had been
; made in the upper corridor of the
! building to demonstrate to the vlsl
; tors that Californians do not do things
! by halves. From one end of the prom
(enade to the other archways of red.
I white and blue electric lights shed
their rays on the throng that strolled
along the stone floor, while every avail
! able space that would accommodate
| large American flags was festooned
with the national emblem. Palms,
cut flowers and evergreens were taste
; fully scattered along the corridor, giv-
way officially welcomed the delegates |
to the city. i
Joseph A. Stultz, president of the ,'
California Retail and Merchants' Asso- j
elation, announced that Governor Par- j
dee would be unable to attend the .
opening of the convention as he had j
a prior engagement to address the :
Methodists' General Conference In
Los Angeles at that time. The speaker
read a telegram from the Governor to
that effect and proceeded to welcome
the delegates to the State in behalf
of its chief executive. The speaker's
remarks were greeted with continued
applause.
In response to the hearty welcome
extended the delegates, George A.
Scherer of Peoria, 111., past president
of the association, acknowledged with
gratitude the good fellowship displayed
and vouched for the members of the
convention realizing the genuineness
of the welcome.
President Charles R. Lott of Chicago
assumed the chair 'and delivered the
annual address as follows:
A» president of your organization It become*
ray duty to render an accounting at this time
legardlcg my administration and what work
has b»en accomplished. Experience along this
line suggests to my mind a number of recom
mendations that I believe will be to the wel
fare of the members of the National Associa
tion, jphtch I ehall enumerate later on, and to
make recommendations and suggestions relative
to the welfare of the retail merchants of this
country. This will take us back fifteen months
at Kansas City, where I was entrusted with
th« office of president. I stated at that time
that It was my earnest Intention to use my best
endeavors to build up and strengthen our in
stitution. I have tried to keep my ¦word. The
report* you will receive from your officer"
at this convention are respectfully submitted
for your earnest consideration and approval
of the work and decisions we rendered during
this term. We have met with criticism for
opinions rendered, but I hope that time will
prove that the judgment we as your officers
arrived at waa wise and fair in^every case.
I can say that we meet here to-day with a
much larger and stronger association than was
entrusted to the care of the officers and ex
ecutive committee you elected at your last
convention. I r.m more than pleased to havo
had the honor cf being your president during
the past fifteen month*. Many days have I
cpent In the Interest of your association. The
correspondence has been very heavy, but thia
has been lightened by the very good fellow
feeling that existed among your officers. Har
mony has dona much to advance our work
and made porsible the enormous growth
we have enjoyed. It has also made It Incum
bent upon me to visit many State and local
association meetings during the year to en
courage their efforts in Improving the condi
tions of their merchants. I can safely say
that they were materially Improved where we
Lave done our missionary work. This has
been our greatest work and has covered our
country pretty generally, taking much time and
money. This work was principally left In the
hands of Secretary Mason and myself, owing
to the fact that he la exceptionally well adapt
ed to this work.
We have been exceptionally fortunate In
financial matters. Our per capita tax was the
largest ever paid, but nowhere near what was
required to run this association upon the pro
gressive plans outlined by the executive board
at the Kansas City, convention, had It not been
for our kind friends who eo generously donated
such magnificent sums to be used to enlighten,
educate and to better the conditions of our re
tall merchants. Many seriou* evils annoy and
worry our merchants. Each section of our coun
try has Its own troubles, which it seems to me
ehould be seriously considered by the local and
State association, and If the same cannot be
adjusted the national stands ready and willing
to assist In settling In an amicable manner.
General problems should receive tba considera
tion of our national, which stands to protect
the interests of the merchants at Washington.
This is much easier said than done. Especially
Is this the case In our National Association,
where the legislative work Is very alow, and our
merchants can hardly spare 'the long delays in
time to fight to a finish an Imne such as we
have been battling with. Ever since our Incep
tion much work has been done that -we don't
«*e or hear of, yet It. takes. the time of your
legislative committee. Often you are reminded
to eend a letter or see your Senator or Repre
sentative regarding a bill or measure which is
of great interest to your welfare and requires
a concerted action. How many will take tlms
to assist or follow instructions sent you by this
legfelative committee, who are not only , taking
Uielr time for this work, but must keep punch-
farther and with most serious rapidity and
detriment to those who have become ensnared
Is the trading stamp evil, owing to th<- fact
that this proposition is not always explained
in its proper light by the salesman represent
ing these companies to our merchants, but he
is wlsw enough to have a contract signed by the
merchant for a year that will in his opinion
compel him to use their stamps, no matter
what his interest is in the proposition after
having had a short experience with the same.
We havo in many places successfully com
bated agr. inut this expensive ar.d delusive
system. This problem will come before you
during our session, and It Is my hope that
through our efforts we can eliminate this evil
and benelit our merchants where this trouble
exists. We believe to keep our National Asso
ciation before the public is a great factor for
organization, and for the purpose to keep our
FRESXDENT OF THE NATIONAL RETAIL GROCERS' ASSOCIATION. AND TWO SNAPSHOTS OF SCENES AT THE ME.
CHANICS" PAVILION. WHERE THE PURE FOOD AND INDUSTRIAL EXHIBIT IS NOW BEING HELD UNDER THE
AUSPICES OF THE VARIOUS DEALERS OF THIS CITY.
to'mary hoFDitality of Californians was
o xxended to the delegates, their wives,
daughters and sweethearts, and before
midnight had thrown its silent mantle
around the city the visitors realized
their former convention at Kansas City
had acted wisely In selecting San Fran-
Visco for this year's convention.
Words of welcome to the citv of the
(jol'den Gale were delivered by T. H.
Corcoran, president of San Francisco
I'iet ail Association, who called the con
vention to order. In extending the wel
come he said the members of the local
• associations and the citizens at large
would use their utmost endeavors to
m.ake the visit of the delegates a mem
orable one In the history of their con
. venttens.
Mayor Schmitz was introduced by
'Mr. Corcoran and in his usual happy
THE | SAN: FRANCISCO CALU,- TUESDAY, MA^- 3; -1901.
7
j Bu&ILWAY TRAVEL.
i CALIFORNIA i
! LIMITED TO CH1CACO I
1 LEAVES DAILY 1
at !):.'{ O a. m., throcsrb in 3 a ay » ¦
j with diner and all trapping. I
tnLs*-'"^*- !!¦¦! I lull II I LI] 1-aamasLUt^J
Other Santa Fa Trains: *
I 9-30 a' m'\ for Stockton . Fresno. BakerslleW.
. 8:00 p." m.J Merced, Hanford and Vlsalla.
I 4:00 p, m. for Stockton.
I 8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
I * . Chicago.
j TICKET OFFICES— €41 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1113 Broad-
; way. Oakland, Cal. 37 Sonth First St,
1 San Joss).
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAT COMPANY.
; Tibaron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SATt' FBANCISCO TO SAIf RAFAEL, j
WEEK DATS — 7:30. 8:00, 9:00. 11:00 a in. : I
12:30. 2:30, 3:10. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30!
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
j SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:C0. 9:30. ll:C0 a.'m,: 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. ,6:30. 11:20 p. m.
SAN BAFAEL TO SAK FOASTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05. «:50, 7:S5. 7:50. »:2O.
11:15 a. rn.; 12:30. t-':0O. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25
p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:50. 7:33. l>:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. C:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m. fEx-
cept Saturdays. .
' . Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | Maj-. 1. 11^04. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- ( Destlna- 1 Sun- I We*k
Days. I days. | tlon. | days, j Days.
~~~ 7:S0a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a R:<:i>a • 8:4Oa 8:4Oa
8:(»i J»:aoa Ignacio. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:::0p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 6:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
i 7:30 a 7:20 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00a 8:0Oa Nova to. 10:20a 10:2Oa.
2:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluraa 6:20 p 6:2O p
6:10 p 2:30 r and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p| Santa nosa, 8:45 p
7:30 a| 7:30al 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p «:20p
2:30 p| 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
I Windsor,
7:30a 7:30a Healdsburr. 10:20 * !0:10«
Lytton.
2:SOp 2:30 p Goyservin.. 7:25 p 7:2>p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al . Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p|' and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
j ~1 Wllllts. j j
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sher-wood. ] 7:25 pf 7.25 p
8:00 al S:0Oa| Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p[ Camp Vacation. | S:45 p| 6:20 p
8:0Oa|8:0Oa 8:40a 8:40a
5:10 pi 9:30k Eonoma.. 6:00 p 6:20 p
(B:10p Glea Ellen. 8:45 p .
7:30 al 7;30a| - 110:20 a|10:2O a
2:S0p|2:30p[ Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whlt»
Sulphur Springs; at Fulton for Alturta and
Mark West Springs: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at G«yscrville for SkagRs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boanevllle and
Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Hichland Springs.- Kelseyvtlle. Carlsbad
Spring. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs ; nt Uk'.ah for Vlcby Springs. Saratoga
Sprlnc;-, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Spr'nts, Upper Lake. Pocio. Potter Valley,
Joh.» Day's, Klverside. Llertey's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvlll«, Orr's Hot
Springs, Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Brags;.
Westport. tlsal: at Wllllts for Fort • Brags;.
V.'estport. - Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vlllc. Cummlnurs, Bell's Springs, Harris. ON
spns. Dyer, Garbervllle, Fepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. -^'fttwmgJ
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duct-d rates. ' ¦-
On Sundays— Round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
. Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
bU Hf ' Cv WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
. Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ajrt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Ls»ve~~^ Th Snaltte Hnj I Arrlrsj ¦
vS— Prandao *»«f lartatsi - Saa rraadsesj
Week SanT m» ¦ "" Sao. IWaeT
Da>-». day* <*»y* Day*.
«teisl*s>oo A BS^itir^l l»O»r IO:4Q|
•J«46i> 9:00a WBsSBSSM 1i»5f »:SOr
Bttir 1O:OO* wSS&gV- «:»Op a:SOs>
_., „ HiOOa «<sor tj«a»
.:•*—**)&+** --s»a1Ttttta»
*TTCOT 1635MAXJCxrST^(NortbSbor«RaUroaiir
¦ tmOB I and Saskauto Pcaar. Foot Marks* »*»
ADVEETISEMEUTS.
JeSsar I 1 PILLS
SIOSC HEADACHE
Positirely cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distrtss froa Dytpeptfa,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eatbf . A per-
Sect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Srow*i>
aess, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Ton gam
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They.
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Bmall PHI. Small Dose*
Small Price > .
RAIIiWAY^TRAVEL.
/O/^Wfea.-yfiX due t. arrU. .»
I F aonsrr 1^1
I V) j— > &ft¥y TA j Z J S1K FKANCISCO.
Y*^s^^/\ /• Tmr Don
\\r (Toot of Market 3Bro«».>
,"liatb - MAIN LINE. — unxrm
7.00a Vaearllle. Winter*. Kum*«r- 7.50f
7.00a Benteia, SuUon, E!m!ra aad Saera-
meatu 7-20I"
7.30a Vallejo, Kasa. Cntl»to«», fiaaU
llosa. Martinet, Saa Raraoa B-20r
730a Kilea, Llrermore. Tracy, Lataroa.
8tock:oa 7.20f
8.00a Sbuta Ezpreaa— (Via D»t1s),
Wllllama (for Oartlett Spriaga).
Wlllowa, tFruto, lied IMafi.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7.53*
1410a DaTia.Woodland.KatxhuLaadlag;
MarTiTtlle. OroTtlle: 748*
830a Port Costa. Martinez. Antloea.
Byroa, Traey. Stockton. New- •
nan. Los Baaoa. Meadota,
Armona, HaafoH. Tlaalla,
PorterYilla 4.29'
t-SCU Port Cost*. Lathrop. Modeito,
Iferced. Fresno, Uoshea Janc-
tlon. Uaaford. VUalla. Baker*-
field 4.5»»
••30a Nllea, San Jose. Ll»?riaori. Stock'
ton. (tMIIton). lone. Sacransoto*
riaeerrllle. Maryirllle. Ctilco,
RvdBlnff 42»F
8-33a Oakdnle. C!>lne«e. Jamestown, So-
nora. Tuolamne and Angels 420f
•.00a At'anttc Bxpress—Oeden and East. 11.20a
930a Klchmond, Martlaes and Way
.8tatfona t-SOr
10.00a The Orerland Limited — Ofden.
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. 8.20*
1000a Vallejo 12.20*
10.00a Los Anifias Paaseat;er — Port
Costa, Martinez, Byroa, Tr»cy. .
I.atJirop. StocktAn. Merced.
Baymond. Fresno. Oo«hen Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lfmoore, Vlaalla.
CakertSeld. Lea Aaceles 7-20*
12.00* Hayward. Kiln and Way 3tatto«i. 5.20r
ti-OOF SaeraaientoRlTer Steamers. til.OOf
3-30p Bealcla. Wlatars. Sacramento,
Wootlland. Kalghts Laadlaa;.
Marytrnie, Oroyllls and wa/
autfons : 10-504
330r Hayward.Nllea and Way Buttons.. 7-60F
S.30r Port Costa, MarUnes. Byroa.
Traey, Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced, Brrenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20?
S-SOp Tosemlte Valley. Mon., Wed.. Frl. 9-20*.
330p ttartlnez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt... 10 20*
4 COr M»rtlnex.8nn IUmon.ValleJo,!7apa,
Callstoea, Santa Rosa. ,. ... 9.20a
400p Nllea. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl ...... 42Cf
4.3Or Hayward. if ties. Irrlngtoa. 8aa» tS.oOt
Jose. Llvermore I t 11.60a
6C0f The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos. Mendota, Fresno. TuUro,
BaicersQeld. LosAngsles. ....... 920*
E.OOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 1220p
r5.30r Uayward. N lies and Saa Jom 7.20a
B.OOp Hay ward. Nlles and Saa Jon SbO*
S.OOr Eastern Express— Oftden. DenTer.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Benlela. Sul-
sun, Elmlra. Davis. Sacramento.
Rocklin. Auburn, Colfax.
Trnekee. Boca. Iteuo, Wads-
worth, Wtnnemncca 5 20>
I.OOp Vallejo, dally. except Sunday.... » n .,
7.00p Vallejo. Sunday only f '- our
7.00p klrnmond. 8aa Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Stations 11.20a
8 C5r Oresjon A Caltfornta Express — Sae-
ramento, Maryaville. Keddlng.
Portland, Paget Sonnd and East. 8-50*
9.10r Hayward, Nile* and San Jose (Sun-
dayonly) '. 11.50*.
COAST LINE (Strrow Ua«g»).
(Foot o{ Murtcet Street.)
7.45 a Santa Cruz E.xruriton(Snnday only) 8-10?
B.ISa Newark, Ceatervllie. Saa Joae,
Felton. Roulner Creek. Santa
Cruj and Wat Stations. .......... 5 air
tz-ISr Kewarlc. Centerrllle. San JU>se,
Se* AlmaUea.Los Gatos. Felton,
Boalder Creak. Santa Cru» and
Principal Way Buttons tfO-55*
4.16> Newark. 8ai Jose, LosOstos and J ta.55 a
way station* >j10 6Sa
. OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Froni SAM KUAMCISUO. Foot of Mtrket St. lSl!p<»
~t7:15 »:W> 11:«0a.m. 100 3.00 S.ISp.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — tS:0O ig:M
1S:05 10:00 a.m. 12.00 200 4 00 r.M.
COAS'TTTNE <Broa4 «WeU
# XW < Tninl »mJ Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Statlou* 8-30p
t7 00a Saa Jose and Way Stations 5.40?
7-.15a Monterey and Sanu Cruz Excar- •
rlon (Sunday only) 10 30*
8 00 a New Almaden (Tues.. Krld.. only), 4.1CP
8 00a The Coaster— Stops only San Jo*e.
GUroy (connection for Hollla-
ter). F»Ji«'. Caatrorllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grore), Salinas. Saa
Ardo. Paso Robles. Santa Mar- .
Ctrlta. San Luis Oblsao. principal
stations thenco Snrf (connection
for Lompoc), principal stations
thence Santa Barbara,San Buen*-
rentara, Burbank. Los Angeles . 19.41V
9.00a San Jose. Tres PInoa, Capltola,
eaataCruz.P»c!0cGroTe.Saltnaa,
Saa Lais Obtspo and Principal
¦ Way Stations 4-10*
1040a fan Jusa and Way Statloas 120?
1130a Santa Clara. San Joae. Los Gatos
aad Way Stations 7.J0*
1-30r San Joso and Way Buttons 8 3a a
3 OOr Del M<>ata Kxpreis— Santa Clars,
Saa Jo*e, Del Monte. Monterey.
< .Jr , Pacific GroTe (eoanecta at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for 8anta>
Crux. Boulder Creek and Narrow
Gauge Points) at Gilruy for Hoi-
lister. Tres Plnos. at Pajaro for
Santa Cm*, at CastroTills for
Sallnaa 12 15*
i-SOr Tres Plnos War Passonrer 10 45 a
4.3C? Ran Jo«« and Way Statloas t300 a
tS 00' Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatos.
and principal Way Station* (ex-
cept Sunday) rS.OO*
15-30? Saa Joseand Principal Way Stations 19.49a
6 43' Sunset Limited.— Kedwood. Saa
Jose,Gtlroy.Sallnaa.PasoKobIea.
Ban Luis Oblspo, Santa BarAara,
Los Angeles. Demtn% El Paso.
New Orleans. New York. Con-
secti at Pajaro for Sanu Crus
and at CtstroTtll* for Pacific
GroTO and Way Stations 7.19a
tt-ISr 8aaMat«o.Beresfont,Belmoat.San
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto r6-48*.
5 SOr Bmn Jose aad Way Stations. 838a
8 00p Pal* Alto and Way SUttanl 10.15a
11.301" Mouth San Francisco. MIllbrae.Bnr- ,
llngame. 8an Mateo. Belmoot,
Saa Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, snd V »io Alto...... 945'
•11.30P Hayfeld. Mountain View. Sunnr-
Tale, Lawrence. Sanu Clara and
Baa Jose .' t9.48>
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tSnnday excepted. - t Sunday only,
a Saturday only.
*l Stops at all statloas ea Sunday.
KVOnly trains ttoppinr at Valencia St. southbound
tre«:10 a.m.. 7:(« *. x.. 7:13 A-*.. 11:90* M.. S:S0rJU
l:»r.M. tad S.CQpm.
M4j7fUiiw(i^jWjj<»H 1'ILLJL V AI.I.CI t
j S^^^S CAZADERO, Etc
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
IJepart fromSan Krandsco'Dally 7:0Ui 8:00.
0:00. 10:00. ll:CO a. m. 12:JO. l:«. 3:16. 4U3.
a-15 «:13 7:0O. 8:43. 10:2U, 11:4S p. m.
"FROM SAN KAFAEL. TO SAN KUANCI3CO
—Daily 5:25. 6::». 7:40. 8:33, »:»; 11:0ft a.* m..
1275). 1:«. 2:35. 3:43. 4:43. 5:43. «:45. 8:15;
10:20 p. m.
FROM MITX VALLEY TO^ SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily. 5 :«. e:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:13. 4:05. 5:05, e:Oa!
7:05 9:00. 10:25 P. m.
THROUGH TRATHS. .
8:00* a. m. daily— Cazader* and war atatlon*.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday except ejj—
Tomales and way atations.
S:15 p. m Saturdays— Ci tadero . aad way
stations. '- ••;..¦''
Sund«y» only — 10 ¦.. m. Point Reyes »al
i\ ay stations. '
i TICKET OFFICE— €M Market st.
. FERRY— Union Depot, toot ot Marks* •*.,¦,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I JHIS IS THE NEW "RECIPROCITY" CIGAR 1
t3 -¦ ¦ \±^Z~Z&20r _-aa»aa*fl^^3tf^^^^^^ El
1 2 for 25 cents I
I | IMPORTED HAVANA I
1 A Direct Result of the Passage of the Cuban I
I Reciprocity Bill 1
I ASK YOUR DEALER TO SHOW THEM TO YOU . 1
I * Now for sale In all First-Class Cigar Stores , I
I 2 for 25 cents v I
H Made by Gustavo Bock, In the Agulla de Oro Factory, Havana H'
ADVERTISElffEirra.
©Another club woman, Mrs.
Haulc, of Edgerton, Wis., tells
how she was cured of irregulari-
ties and uterine trouble, terrible
pains and backache, by the use
. of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
"Deab Mes. Ptskham:— A trhilo
apo my health began to fail because of
female, troubles. The doctor did not
help me. I remembered that my mother
.had used L.ydia EL Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound on many oc-
casions for irregularities and uterine
troubles, and I felt sure that it could
n«t barm me at any rate to give it a
trial.
41 1 waa certainly glad to find that
'within a week I felt much better, the
terrible pains in the back and side
were beginning to cease, and at the
time of menstruation I did not hare
nearly as serious a time as heretofore,
feo I continued its use for two months,
and at the end of that time I was like
a new woman. I really have never
felt better in my life, hare not had a
sick headache- since, and weigh 20
pounds more than I ever did, so I un-
hesitatingly recommend your medi-
. cine."— Mbs. Max Hauls, Edgerton,
Wis. Prea. Household Economics Club.
- 1 5000 forfeit If original of cbw Utttt proaing
ftnuintneit euimt •• prmtutU.Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1013. •
Townsonds California Glace fruits and
choice candies. In : artistic nro-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends
715 Market street, above Call building •
The Board of Education has decided that all public
school teachers must reside in San Francisco, where they"
enjoy employment.; The decision commends itself -from
the home-rule viewpoint, but will the school board
develop it into its natural conclusion and employ only
those women that are reared and educated in this 'city?
Many school "teachers in San Francisco, are now selected
from interior communities '
At a time when considerable atten
tion is being paid to the pearl indus
try of Ceylon, and the Government Is
taking extensive measures to protect
the oyster fisheries. there, it is of In
terest to record a discovery recently
communicated to the Paris Academy
of ; Sciences by M. Dubois, relative to
using the * Roentgen rays to examine
the ovsters. It has been found that
these rays enable an observer, to de
termine at once whether a living
oyster contains a. pearl or not without
injury to the animal, and in case the
pearl is small the oyster may be re
placed in the bed until further growth
takes place and the desired size is
reached. In the scientific examina
tion of the pearl oysters in Ceylon it
X-Ra\s and O\ster&
The recent convention of leading educators and State
officials to discuss the improvement of normal schools
and to advance the standard of excellence which inspires
our army of teachers was of such marked intelligence
that it should have at least one lasting effect. It should
warn the politicians that the people of California, repre
sented by their best spirits, are emphatically opposed to
making the public schools a part of the spoils system of
ward politics.
LYNCH UVW — T>. B. F.. Oakland.
Cal. Lynch law is the infliction* of
punishment on persons accused of
heinous offenses by people not legally
authorized to inflict punishment for
crime. It is said to have derived its
name from John Lynch, a farmer of
Carolina, who, about the first of the
eighteenth century, exercised sum
mary punishment — lashes, torture and
even death, as he saw fit — upon fu
gitive slaves and criminals, either
white or black, who at one time In
fested the D(smal Swamp and sallied
forth from time to time to prey upon
the neighboring plantations. The
colonial authorities In those days fail
ing to pursue and recapture despera
does, John Lynch and his neighbor3
took the law into their own hands.
•-^ ONGRESSMAN HEARST is using his stringed
I and syndicated newspapers to destroy the char-
acter of the Congress of which he is a member.
A careful reading of his indictment reveals the fact that
Congress is a failure because it did not adopt "The
Hearst measures." The House consists of the Republi
can majority and a minority composed of Mr. Hearst.
This minority says it had a hard time trying to do some
thing for the people.
In a Washington dispatch to "the New York Commer
cial we get a picture of Mr. Hearst's colors, in a descrip
tion of his appearance before the Judiciary Committee
to read a prepared 'speech, an hour in time and longitude,
on the matter of the coal trust, so called. The reporter
says that the minority would. read a while and then sit
down until "the power" came and then he Would' rise
and read some more. ',
As nearly as the committee could make # out he was at
tacking the rate of transportation on '¦oal to. seaboard
points. He was diverted from his written speech only
once, when a member of the committee asked him if he
thought the . rate was too high, and -whether he knew
that the roads-could get any profit on the service at a
HEARST ON CONGRESS.
The interesting coincidence has been noticed at Berke
ley that the higher an average student steps on the lad
der of learning the\more. he undermines his health and
harasses the peace of his friends by the habit of
cigarette smoking. The" situation should be accepted
with complacency. Inveterate cigarette smoking is
deadly and serves the wise purpose of removing individ
uals that otherwise would be obstructions in the intelli
gent struggle for existence. -.
Oakland has been seeking to discover of late whether
a distressing series of midnight hold-ups be not due to
practical jokers rather than to footpads. Under the cir
cumstances it is safe to say that any assault upon a
night wayfarer, whatever the motive, is no joke. It
may be idiocy, but it should be treated as crime..
DISTANCES — H. S.. City. From
Third and Market streets to the Union
Iron Works by the most direct route,
which is down, Third to King, Fourth
and Kentucky to Twentieth to the
works is 13,000 feet, or nearly two and
a half miles; from the same point
to Islais Creek, South San Francisco,
along the same route is 16,750 feet, or
three miles and a fraction less than
one-third of a mile; from the same
point to Hunters Point drydbek, via
the same route, getting off on the rail
road line at Seventh avenue South and
walking east.'is 32.0C* feet, or a frac
tion more than six miles. The . dis
tances given are those that a person
would have to walk from the starting
points to reach the destinations named.
THE LETTERS O. K.— Subscriber.
City. The letters O. K. In America sig
nify "all right." It is said that the
use of these originated with Jacob
Astor, the millionaire, who, when asked
to approve any matter that was sub
mitted to him. indorsed It O. K.. or
spoke the letters.
"Rule 4. The next morning. Imme
diately upon arising, read over your
resignation and tear It up.
"Rule 6. Go to work at the usual
hour.
"Take a copy of them." concluded
Mr. Wynne, "and you will find that
they are absolutely essential to any
man who expects to resign frequently
and still continue to rise in the world."
—New York Times.
" ' -1 " - %
"Going to resign,' are. you?" said As
sistant Postmaster General Wynne to
an indignant person who • had been
pouring his grief into his ears. "Can't
stand it another minute, eh? Put up
with it as long as you could, and now
you're going to throw up your job and
tell your chief what you think of him?
Yes, I know. Last straw and all'that
sort of thing? Uh-huh.
"Did you ever see my set of rules fof
resigning? I framed them up years
ago when I was in the newspaper busi
ness, and I have used them ever since.
1 have resigned often since then, al
ways in the way prescribed by these
rules. Perhaps they will be of ser
vice to you. Here thev are:
"Rule 1. After receiving the last
straw don't do anything for two hours.
Above all, don't write anything.
"Rule 2. At the expiration of two
hours, write your resignation, and
make it as hot as you can. Relieve
your "feelings and say everything you
have been penning up in your breast.
Scorch the scoundrel. • -
"Rule 3. Then go home. „ -s
How to Resign.
SQUABS— U. D. a, Oakland, CaL
Canker in squabs is caused by condi
tions and until the conditions are
known . it is impossible .to prescribe a
remedy. A person having squabs so
affected should consult one who makes
a business of raising pigeons and have
him discover the cause.
ST. LOUrS FAIR— G. R. City. There
will be issued with the Sunday Call
two more St. Louis Fair colored pic
tures.' "The California Building" and
"The Building- of Varied Arts."
POPULATION — G. T. D., Oat Hill.
Napa County, Cal. The population of
the United States, according to the
census of 1800, was 6,308,483.
LAND AGENT — B. J. V/., James
town. Cal. The land agent, coast di
vision, for the Santa Fe, is H. .Jones,
Topeka, Kans.
Anszvers to Queries.
He toiled in life's vineyard —
Keen, thorns at the breast.
But still thrilled that singing
Of toil that was blest
With the roses of love
And the lilies of rest —
And the light of a beautiful morning!
— Atlanta Constitution.
He sang with the reapers
That reaped through the years
The thorns with the roses.
The hopes with the fears, *
And light — it was bright
In the rain of his tears —
The light of the joy of the morning!
He toiled in the vineyard
'Neath bright skies and gray.
Singing — "Rest will be sweeter
For toiling some day!"
And thanked God for winter.
And blessed him for May,
And looked to the light of the monri'ng!
The Toiler.
"No sabe," was the sum of the satis
faction the Celestial vouchsafed and
Irones was searching for a policeman
when the barrier went up and the race
started.
The winner was the horse whose
name was printed on the medico's
ticket. He was the only man at the
track who had played that horse ana
he cashed the pasteboard for $125%,
Dr. Irones, surgeon on the steamship
Coptic, was swindled into $1250 the last
time he was at Hongkong. He attend
ed the races there with some Standard
Oil clerks who owned a horse that was
to start that day. The Standard OH
nag was favorite and Irones decided to
bet five dollars on its chances. Th*»
betting scheme at Hongkong is on the
pari nlutuel order. For each horse
that starts there' is a separate betting
booth presided over by a Chinese book
maker. The total amount invested, less
a commission, is divided in proportion
to the amount of the bet among those
holding tickets on the winner. Irones
got into the wrong booth and bought
five dollars' worth of a horse that had
never won anything. His friends told
him of his mistake and the surgeon de
manded that the Chinese bookmaker
return his monev.
The Great Luck.
This season marks the first annual mobilization of
the regulars and the National Guardsmen of the Pacific
Coast departments and States. The interest will be keen
by reason of the novelty of the events. For the guards
men the encampments will take on less of a holiday
outing character than on some previous occasions.
Rigid discipline will be maintained. Strict attention to
learning the duties^of the soldier, with the best of in
structors—the officers of the regular army — will be
expected. Natural pride on the part of the citizen sol
diery will prompt them to equal the regulars in all par
ticulars, if possible. On the part of the regulars there
will be a business-like following of military duty that will
prove to be a valuable lesson to those who are less fa
miliar with the arts of war.
Regular soldiers are not^ fashioned without long ex
perience in actual campaigning, but the maneuvers of
the months of July and August will be of some perma
nent value to the guardshien. Americans have always
been easily converted into soldiers from the timfc,_6f
Bunker Hill and New Orleans to the bloody days of the
Civil. War, and later, in the war between the United
States and Spain. General intelligence is the basis of
this phenomenon. That will be a factor in military
progress .the coming summer on. this coast. The public
will be entertained by the military pageantry. The
National Guardsmen and the regulars will mutually im
prove by contact. •
MUCH will probably be accomplished for the
benefit of the National Guardsmen of the Pacific
Coast during the coming summer. Major > Gen
eral MacArthur has conferred with Adjutant General
Lauck of the National Guard of California, relative to
the co-operation of the State troops with those of the
regular army, and i^ has been agreed that the regulars
and the National Guardsmen shall encamp together and
maneuver together in August, at some place in the
interior yet to be selected.
The California guardsmen who will take part will
number at, least 2000. Major General MacArthur says
that it is his intention to devote .fifteen days to the
maneuvers. Several thousand regular soldiers will be
encamped with the guardsmen. All the men will be
instructed, under the eyes of regular army experts, in
the duties of camp life and the movements of actual
war.
During the encampment the guardsmen will receive
the same pay as the regulars and the same rations, and
will in brief, be on even terms with the regulars.
Brigadier General Funston, commander of the Depart
ment of the Columbia, announces that the National
Guardsmen of Oregon, Washington and Idaho will be
mobilized with the regular troops in his department and
that they will go into camp near American Lake, in
the vicinity of Tacoma, from July 7 to July 21, inclusive
of both dates. The Oregon Journal says that there will
be in the northern camp of instruction 4500 men and
their officers. Of the entire force 1300 will be regular
troops. • •
As in California, so in the north, the Government
provides Yor the cost of the joint encampment of the
guardsmen and the regulars. The grounds are selected
by the Government under the guidance of the army
officers and the Government also prepares , the camp
site for occupation. . Practically, all the regulars in the
Department of the Columbia, with the exception of those
in Alaska, will be brought together for instruction at
Tacoma. The encampments will provide for two weeks
of instruction ill real army work.
IMPROVING THE GUARDSMEN.
I scarcely envy any one his first at
tempt at shooting rapid3 if he suffers
as I did. From an overhanging rock
I had carefully watched a, guide go
through the galloping, foamy waters,
and then, after emptying my canoe
and leaving my watch and other un
necessary articles on shore and putting
my heart carefully into my mouth. I
made for that noisy little run of water.
What I suffered when the curling
wavelets first struck the canoe was bad
enough, but nothing to the agony of
the return trip, when, traveling with
startling speed, the whole river seemed
a mass of menacing rocks being boiled
in the seething water. How I got
through- 1 do not know; but I came
safely to the smooth water, and. after
a rest, made another run with less
trepidation. Then, loading the canoe
with my light outfit, I took her through
with little difficulty.
To give any description of handling
a canoe in rapids would be waste of
time both for the writer and the read
er, says a writer in Country Life in
America. The best way to learn is
first to watch some one do it, and then
try it yourself under his direction. You
will soon find out which is the safe
water and how to force the light craft
over the seemingly impossible fall3.
Running rapids, provided they are not
too bad, appeals to me as one of the
most exciting forms of sport and ex
ercise that I know of. Never attempt
a rapid that you do not know can be
run, without examining it from end to
end to see that it is possible and also
to get an idea how to take it. Many
a man has lost his life through neglect
ing this precaution, and remember that
a rapid which is safe to-day may not
be so in a day or two, as the rising
and falling of the water will frequent
ly make it impassable or at least very
dangerous.
Handling a Canoe.
An Oakland police officer was placed under official fire
recently for betting on a prize-fight. While the action
of the authorities was unquestionably justified, we would
have been better pleased if they had made it clearer
whether the indictment was idiocy or immorality. The
offense as practiced in San Francisco is almost invariably
an exhibition of both.
Probably it will be news to most
Americans that London for years has
had what might be called a "perma
nent" negro minstrel show. London Is
about to lose It, however,, in conse
quence of the coming destruction of
St. James Hall in Piccadilly, where,
for more than forty years, Moore &
Burgess' mfnstrfls have performed.
The troupe was started soon after. the
visit of the famous "Christy's", had in
troduced this country to the delights of
the "burnt cork" entertainment, and
to this day a performance Is y given
nirhlly at St. James Hall, and on the
Under the title of "The Wheat King"
a new version— entirely distinct from
that produced in the United States— of
Fr^nk Norris' novel, "The Pit," is about
to be given in London. It is in four
acts and is the work of two feminine
jplay wrights, Mrs. Ashton-Jonson and
Miss Elliott Page.
;.' * " * * *
• % Mrs. Oraigie's new play, "A Time to
LoveT" has been written in collabora
tion .with, not Murray Carson, her pait
ner in "The Bishop's Move." T>ut Ed
ward-Rose, who dramatized "Under the
Red Robe" and several other novels.
It* will be given at the Haymarket,
•wken Cyril Maude will have the prin
cipal" part, that of a man of forty. The
other new play by Mrs. Craigrie, which
IS 'to be seen almost immediately, was
written* some time ago and accepted
,p"y Olga Xethersole. It is called "The
Flute of Pan." It is a comedy* and the
«c<ion passes in Florence and Venice.
Miss Xethersole still is playing "Saphu"
in thie provinces, but she has begun to
¦fnahe arrangements for the Craigie
pijce, one of the first being engaging
John Hare's son, Gilbert, who was seen
tidst jh "The Marriage of Kitty." Mean
while. "Jonn Oliver Hobbes" has jus?
been making a profession of faith in
the intelligence of the average English
ajtfdiencs which it is much to be hoped
th«- reception of her coming pieces will
'justify. • "It is absurd," Mrs. Cralgie
declares, "for managers and others to
pretend that the public demand rub
bjsa. or the constant presence of some
particular individual on the stage at
Vijy cost to the design of a plot or the
reasonableness of a situation. It is ab-
Eurd also for actor-managers to pretend
t!jat every play must end in sickly
"<and. as a result, most immoral) senti
fnent. The immorality of some recent
.'b.appy* endings' is quite revolting, but
:t",p of so feeble a kind that one is not
/sufficiently stimulated to protest
against such vlciousness. On the other
hapi Bpme 'unhappy endings' are
equally Immoral and Infinitely unlikely,
and the play enthusiast, disheartened,
wonders why he is so hard to please?
I can tejl him why. The manager has
Insisted on some old fatal business or
some new false effect, even for the 'un
tfappy ending.' The leading lady or the
leading man does, or gays, a number of
things which are either Jarring or false;
th*«y -are seldom natural and they art
never effective."
• . London Stage Notes.
* «. Special Correspondence.
. HDAI>QUA11TEKS OF THE CALL.
.5 HENRIETTA STREET. CO VENT
GARDEN, LONDON. April 22.— Among
Iiixne. Lira Lehmann's admirers there
v as . general amazement when it was
announced some time ago that the
. score for the new musical comedy by
Owen Hall, author of "Florodora,"
• would be supplied by her. From "In
* 4 Persian Garden to the sort of thing
.'that? find's favor at the Gaiety seemed
.a far "cry indeed, and whether the tal
.-jen,ted composer would be entirely hap
,p">; in the medium of Messrs. Cary'l,
ji"nes.and Monckton was a matter open
, vo. question. The play of Hall's for
E&fcfcb Mme. Lc-hmann undertook to
furnish a score is "Sergeant Brue,"
. tfiib which it is intended to follow '"A I
% .<\ i iiir.£se .Honeymoon" at the Strand.
• The whimsical plot of the piece, with
. ii>- -policeman hero, who, though havins
" inherited, several millions, can't get off
. the force, already has been outlined in i
•these iletters. and it seems that Mme.
Li-hmann has performed the task of
' flrovjding a suitable musical setting
• Jherefor to her own satisfaction, at
£ast.
I ' VI .could -ever have believed it would
6e s# easy," she said the other day, "I
'.really think I must in a previous ex
*isien<;e. let us say on Mars, have been
••wrirtng musical comedies before. The
totk has been the greatest fun imag
i.^abfe..
"• '"Yet.", she went on, "dramatic work
cannot be said to be entirely out of
"my line, for I wrote the incidental
nVjsicto the 'Twin Sister' at the Duke
,Vf" York's, and also the music to a
¦rh-arming fairy play of Teresa Haupt
.talle'a "Kleine Else," which has had a
-Rreat Vogue in Germany. I wrote, too,
: fcc'eral little musical duologues.
''•Mylwsband, Herbert Bedford," con
tinued Mine. Lehmann, "who, as you
know, is also a composer in his spare
. time, .had been very interested in the
¦ progress of the work. I have often
.jpulled the piano up to the telephone
, tuid played him bits on which I wanted
a/I opinion. He has told me that he
£card them quite well."
The author of "A Daisy Chain"
¦claims the distinction of being the
"pioneer of women composers so far as
ec'mic opera is concerned. "Sergeant
Brue"' is now in rehearsal at the
.Strand.
has been ascertained that the popular
belief that the nuclei of pearls are
formed by minute grains of sand or
other particles holds good in but few
instances, and that in most cases the
pearls or pearly excrescences are pro
duced by the irritation of boring
sponges and' burrowing worms. Tha
best germs result from the stimulation
of a parasitic worm which becomes
encased and dies. — Harper's Weekly.
The hero of this sketch, however,
/ailed to respond as he should have
done to several sudden and well ap
plied shocks of the mysterious cur
rent. The esquires to the initiate
wondered thereat that he should so
calmly accept what had given many
of his brethren no little cause for
startling > sensations. So the attend
ants investigated. They discovered
that the object of their efforts had
very cleverly concealed about his per
son a number of non-conducting de
vices and these operated so perfectly
that the initiating shocks fell as it
were on barren ground.
They further' found out that the
candidate had suspected that some
thing might be doing and had, there
fore, heeded the forewarning thought.
Suffice It to say that after the dis
covery the cuteness availed nothing,
for before the ceremonies were con
cluded the pilgrim had been fully in
structed in the fine arts of high-class
initiation.
There is going the rounds in certain
fraternal circles a good story on a
certain candidate for initiation into
the order of the Mystic Shrine, which
recently, gave a big celebration at the
Mechanics' Pavilion, where after the
initiatory .' ceremonies 1200 persons
sat at banquet. During: the progress
of the strange and wierd rites this
pilgrim was Inducted by processes
best known to the enlightened through
a maze of difficult passages wherein
numerous startling electrical devices
were utilized.
T A Ndn-Cov.ductor.
THE British East Indian Government last year di
rected Mr. Priestly of the Indian Railway. Depart
ment to examine and report upon railroads and
railroad methods in the United States. His report -is
printed as a government blue book, and its conclusions
may be studied with profit by our own people, who arc
accustomed to so much criticism of the policy and work
ings of our railroad system.
The Indian railroads are government ownership en
terprises, and as Mr. Priestly's report puts them in con
trast with ours, it goes beyond the mere question of oper
ation and rates, and bears directly upon the larger qucs-"
tion of private and public ownership. The first thing in
cur system that struck him was the freedom of. indi
vidual initiative among the officers and employes on
American roads, making men willing to assume respon
sibility and to do their duty fearlessly, because they are
to be judged by the industrial and not the political stand
ard. He calls this the recognition, of the fact that the
best results are to be had by allowing every man to run
on his own feet. Under this he admits that mistakes
may be made, that might be v prevented by pre
cautions that would destroy individuality, but" such
precautions would in the long run destroy the efficiency
of the men and deprive the employer of their best efforts.
Under our system as it is, every man d"oes his best un
restrained, and the desire to advance himself by merit
causes him to strive solely for the best results, and to
accept responsibility. When men learn to. put respon
sibility elsewhere the disposition is to pass it on, so
that shirking and inefficiency are concealed as to the
point of origin, and are, felt .only by a progressive de
cline in the entire business. This is plainly seen on the
government roads of Australia, where it results in large
deficits that are finally charged off to the public tax
payer.
He regards railroading in America as a profession
practiced to the highest efficiency, in which the man who
begins at the bottom may expect to reach the top by in
dustry, fidelity and initiative. The correctness of this con
clusion is proved in the history of our railways. A long
list of men in important administrative places at the
head shows that the royal road to success begins at the
bottom and is climbed successfully upon merit and
achievement alone.
As to rates, Mr. Priestly finds ours the lowest in the
world, and says this is brought about by making a rate
that will move the traffic and then getting profit by
economy in moving it. He is puzzled to find that our
rates are far belo\\- those of the Indian railways because
the average da'ily wage of unskilled labor .in this country
equals the average monthly wage in India, and the same
proportion is maintained through the service. Finding
our railway wages the highest in the world and our rates
on traffic the lowest, he feels himself in the presence of
an industrial miracle.
The fact is that efficiency keeps pace with compensa
tion under our system, which makes every railway em
ploye the architect of his own fortune. The section
hand or member of a freight crew need not feel that he
is always to be a section hand or face weather on the
hurricane deck of a freight train. There is no system
of playing favorites to prejudice his advance if it is in
him. Nor is there the paralyzing restraint of political
management to make him a cog in the wheels of govern
ment ownership. He is a free agent with his fate in his
own hands, and the god^of his own destiny.
As commercial enterprises, Mr. Priestly finds our rail
roads on a scale that has no rival in the world, receiving
no partnership protection from the state, and fighting
their way to the front by ability alone. Before conclud
ing he finds it necessary to apologize for his enthusiasm
by declaring that it is impossible to associate with the
men great in American railway administration without
being infected by their enthusiasm and devotion to their
profession. .
He credits private management with wonderful alert
ness in seeing a new idea to increase the efficiency,
economy and safety of the business. Every railroad man
is earnestly seeking to get at the science of the business,
satisfied that under every art is a scientific foundation.
The study of how they do this makes association with
them like attendance upon a great college where practi
cal affairs are taught and where every student is prying
into reasons and storing his mind with facts.
The study of this report is quite a corrective of preju
dices formed at home against our railroad policy ''and
management, and gives rise to the suspicion that we see
its faults, which annoy us, more than its virtues, which
serve us better than any other people are served by
railway administration.
One thing is sure, this blue book obsoletes the argu
ments heretofore made for government ownership and
operation of our railroads. That campaign cannot be
renewed unless the proponents of public ownership can
show that it will hold the rate of progress shown by
private ownership and install a greater excellence of
administration than the people now enjoy. This we be
lieve to be impossible.
Unfortunately for me, my money
was invested in speculative concerns,
which, however, yielded high divi
dends, although in justice to myself ,
I must say that they were not of a i
gambling nature. I never bet on or
owned a race horse. B%ing in the so
called "swim," my city acquaintances
brought me frequent "tips" as to
"good things" in, which to deposit my
superfluous cash. Many of these
"good things" did not belie their de
scription. It must be admitted that
they swelled my banking account con
siderably. Others ended disastrously.
On the whole, however, I fared
amazingly well — so well, indeed, that
I improvidently neglected the ele
mentary precaution of .buying a rea
sonable number of securities to which
little or no risk was attached- This
is what I ought to have done to pro
vide for a rainy day.
Luckily the rainy day was slow in
coming. I enjoyed life. In the win
ter months I followed the sun in my'
yacht, always in the company of sev
eral friends; on occasions I chartered
special trains. In a word I was royal
ly extravagant. It was important to
note, however, in view of what fol
lows that my acquaintances benefited
by my extravagance rather more than
I did myself. They drank with re
markable freedom my expensive
champagne; they smoked my half
crown cigrars; they "swore" by my din
ners, each of which cost a little for
tune.
It will thus be gathered that in dis
tributing my shekels I did not think
only of myself. For some ten years I
reveled in my fifteen thousand a year;
then the war with the Boers broke out
and clouds began to gather. First, my
own business in the city, which had
been extremely profitable, collapsed
with extraordinary swiftness, leaving
me with unpleasant liabilities. In a few
months it was as dead as a door nail.
Further blows followed in rapid suc
cession. Speculation after speculation
with which I was connected went
wrong. There was a general smash up.
Up to this moment I had not dreamed
that complete shipwreck was in store
for me. T believed that the losses in
curred in my business would not per
manently affect my situation in life —
that they could be retrieved. Having
glanced through my correspondence, the
curtain which for bo long a space had
remained up revealing me as a con
spicuous figure in the drama of life as
played by the "smart set" fell with a
flop. I knew that my balance at the
bank — a mere £500 — was all that I had
of ready cash in the world. I knew, in
fact, that I was penniless, for my 500
sovereigns were needed to pay debts.
To describe my sensation Is, oddly
enough, an easy task. I am of a philo
sophical turn of mind. For a brief in
stant I was stunned. Then I recovered
and went on with my breakfast, with
my butler behind me. I ate heartily,
consuming more food than I had done
at breakfast for years. I felt light
hearted. Ah for my butler, he was so
admirably Informed as to the state of
my affairs that he gave me notice at
10 o'clock. I suspect that his desire to
know all about my private concerns
had led him to steam my envelopes.
Certainly the flaps of the envelopes pre
sented to me of a morning had for some
weeks past exhibited an unnatural
curliness. indicating that they had
either been exposed to the rain or that
they had been held over the spout of a
kettle. By midday all my servants were
under discharge. When receiving no
tice of dismissal their moods varied
curiously. The coachman's expression
was sardonic: my Italian chef wept
and vowed that he would follow me to
the ends of the earth; the grooms en
deavored vainly to conceal their smiles;
the housekeeper hoped that her salary
would be "all right.""^
The last scene of my human drama is
a short one. for the reason that it is
still being enacted. I was installed in
a nice house, exceedingly well fur
nished, which my nearest relatives
purchased for me. They made mean
allowance. My Income compared with
my former earnings is a small one. I
am still able to entertain, however, but
chairs at my table are vacant. With the
exception of two or three of the true
and tried brigade, not one o£ those who
t«wned and pressed their company
upon me In the high tide of my pros
perity visit me. In the streets they pass
me by with half a nod; in the old days
they shook me effusively by the hand,
reckoning no doubt what they would
get out of me. Yet I do not suffer. I
do not feel as If I had been shut out
in the cold. At present I resemble Mi
cawber—I am waiting for, something to
turn up. Fortunately, certain firms are
not cognizant of the fact that I< have
been engulfed. They' win send me busi
ness, and no doubt I shall be on my
feet again before many months « have
elapsed— CassellV Saturday Journal.
It is now three years since the
catastrophe overtook me. Six and
thirty months ago I was in the enjoy
ment of an income of £15,000 a year.
I occupied a West End mansion in a
fashionable square, I kept my horses,
my carriages, my steam yacht, and I
entertained largely. My wine cellar was
celebrated; my cigars were beyond re
proach; my friends, invariably eager
to accept my invitations, were wealthy,
one and all.
There is an old adage that when
you lose your money you forfeit your
friends. Persons of an optimistic ten
dency decline to credit this reflection
upon human nature. They are ill ad
vised. ... . v
From Croesus to Pauper.
May Tone, old-time favorite of the
"halls," Is about to return to them,
and no doubt there will be a stampede
to see and hear the erstwhile Lady
Hope and friend of Captain Bradlee
Strong:. Miss Yohe will depend at first
on her old songs. "Lazily. Drowsily."
and the rest, but later on she will ap
pear In a monologue called "East and
West," which Is now being written for
her by Mostyn PIggot. the verse
writer of the London World.
good, old lines, too, with none of the
embellishments provided by troupes
which have appeared at home in re
cent years.
ABOUT OUR RAILROADS.
less rate? After sitting down to concentrate his
thoughts, the minority said he didn't know, as he was
not familiar with the business! When he would get his
trolley on the car and rise to, read some more, other
questions were asked, to which, with marked hesitation,
he would make the same reply that he didn't know.
Now we submit that the majority, having found out
by this painful cross-examination how much Mr. Hearst
doesn't know about the legislation he proposed, should
have used his absence of knowledge, as the motive for
legislation. In that way it would have entered upon the
broadest kind of field, and could have planted it with
statutes and joint resolutions .until it looked like a
girdled clearing in the primitive forests of Indiana.
These champions of the people who are looking for a
Moses should have a show. Mr. Hearst has taken the
place in Congress long held by Calamity Weller, who
was sent to the House to get a law that would "give the
people a more and *a fittener currency." He was the
minority in his day, and the wicked majority said that
when his proposition would give the people "a more cur
rency" it. was not "a fittener," and when it was "a fit
tener" it was not "a more." So Calamity was worn .out
by failing to bring the "more" and the "fittener" together
in one bill, and his people kept him at home to rest.
We fear it will be J so with Mr. Hearst.
THE SAN FRANGISGO; CALL, > TUESDAY;; 4 MAY 3,/ 1904.
T HE SAN FRANC I SCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ..... . .' . . ...'¦-Address,- AH- Commentations to JOHN fflcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Oflico . 1 <!^^^^^> Third and Market Streets, S. P.
TUESDAY . . .......,....; MAY 3, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Professor Jacques Loeb delivered an
interesting address on "The Reasoning
Powers and Instinct in Lower Ani
mals" before a large audience in the
Academy of Sciences auditorium last
nighti Professor Loeb has made a life
study ,\6f dumb beasts and he grave
many ? interesting examples of their
shrewdness and Intelligence.
Talk of Dumb Beasts.
SALINAS, May 2. — The Democratic
County Committee met this afternoon
for the purpose of selecting ten dele
gates to the State convention at Santa
Cruz on May 16. The delegation was
not instructed. The following were
elected delegates: Cheri Z. Hebert. T.
C. Butler, John Iverson. Thomas Mc-
Cool, R. F. Johnson, P. E. Zabala,
David Wallace. B. J. Rie warts,, T.
Renison and J. J. Bervins.
Democrats Meet at Salinas.
CHICAGO, May 2.— In the Demo
cratic primaries held to-day the follow
ers of William R. Hearst scored a vic
tory over the faction under Carter H.
Harrison, which has heretofore been
the dominant power in the Democratic
party in Cook County.
Of the delegates to the State conven
tion the Hearst party secured 227, Har
rison 195 and ten v ere instructed for
John P. Hopkins, which means they
will not be for Harrison under any
circumstances, as Hopkins and Harri
son are enemies of long standing, and
sixty-four uninstructed.
HEL\RST WINS IX CHICAGO.
He was found dead In his bed at
736 Geary street when Mrs. C. L. Burt,
the landlady, knocked at his door to
call him to breakfast. A piece of an
apple and several notes, one addressed
to his brother, Professor Z. P. Smith
of the Pacific Coast Business College
at San Jose, lay on the" dresser. The
notes were as follows:
Mrs. Burt: I ate an apple which evidently
contained some poison, as I feel that the end
with me is near.
Please telephone my brother. Professor Z. P.
Smith, Paciflc Coast Business College, San
Jose. Give him the bunch of letters which
bear his name and address. Ha will take
charge of my remains. Good-by.
O. A. SMITH.
12 o'clock m.. May 2. 1904.
bear Zannie: "When you read this I will
have crossed the river and be numbered with
the dead. Pleaae have my body cremated.
Give my love to all the folks. Good-by.
OTTIE.
April 30. 1004.
Zannie: I resigned my position with the
Southern Paciflc Company, therefore It will
not be necessary to inform them of my de
mise. There Is not hi ng in life after all.
OTTIE.
P. S. — The letter addressed to the. United
Loan and Trust Company should ba taken
there by you In person before they hear <<t.
my death so you can get the Insurance policy.
O. A. S.
To the Coroner and Jury — Gentlemen: My
death will be due to the fact that I ate an
apple which contained some poison. I exon
erate any one from being responsible directly
or indirectly for the apple being In my pos
eession. t>. A. SMITH.
«, 738 Geary street, San Francisco, Cal.
Monday. 12:01 a. m., May 2.
, The date to the last note was "April
30, 1904," but a line was drawn through
it and the later date substituted. This
would indicate that he had had the idea
of suicide in his mind for a day or two.
The "Zannie" mentioned in the notea
is the , suicide's brother, Professor Z.
P. Smith. He calted at the Morgue
yesterday with his friend, United
States Marshal John H. Shine, and his
grief was uncontrollable. He said he
could not imagine what caused his
brother to kill himself.
"He may have been gambling again,"
he added. In explanation of this re
mark Professor Smith said "that his
brother had resigned a position paying
$125 per month in Oregon and came to
this city in order to break away from
the gambling habit.,
Ottie Smith was a* fine-looking man.
He was a native of Tennessee and only
29 years old. His friends say that he
was of sober habits and was a charm
ing companion. He had been living at
736 Geary street for about a year and
a, half. • ', ¦•¦¦•.• •.
Ottie A. Smith, bookkeeper in the
claims department of the Southern Pa
cific Company, resigned his position
last Saturday and poisoned himself
early yesterday morning. »
Judge Hunt yesterday, for the sec
ond time, refused to issue at the re
quest of Frank Cogin, a motorman, an
injunction restraining the streetcar
men who belong to Division 205,
Amalgamated Association of Streetcar
Judge, Hunt Holds He Cannot Prevent
Corporation Discharging Men.
REFUSES COGIX INJUNCTION.
Ottie Smith, Clerk in the
Southern Pacific Claims
Bureau, Commits Suicide
PLACES POISON
IN AN APPLE
Employes, from carrying out their al
leged conspiracy to strike, unless his
discharge from the employ of the
United Railroads is secured. Judge
Hunt refused the injunction Saturday
before the suit had been properly as
signed to him. His decision of yester
day affirmed his action of Saturday,
he having held then that he had no
power to interfere with individuals or
corporations in the employment of
men.
The meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Congressional Committee
will be held in Chicago about the time
of the holding of the Republican Na
tional Convention and it will then be
decided where the headquarters will be.
There is a popular move in favor of
Speaker Cannon for Vice President, but
he does net> want and would decline
the nomination, believing his place is
in the Hous3 of Representatives, where,
as Speaker, he can do more in carrying
forward Republican policies than as
Vice President. Other members of the
conference agree that the Speaker
should not be sacrificed. They hope to
see Senator Fairbanks of Indiana nom
inated for Vice President and they
hope that Illinois will lead in the move
ment by instructing for Fairbanks.
The conference^ considered at length
the question of a chairman of the na
tional committee. Ex-Governor Crane
of Massachusetts cannot take the place;
there Is objection to Governor Murphy
of New Jersey; Senator Pentose of
Pennsylvania Is a possible selection
and so- is J. W. Blythe of Iowa, general
counsel of the Chicago. Burlington and
Qulncy Railroad. Blythe Is a good poli
tician, comes from the West and has
the confidence of laboring men as well
as capitalists. He does not want the
place, but the President, Speaker Can
non and others at the conference hold
a high opinion of Blythe and he may
be drafted.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON, May 2.— The President
had in conference with him to-day
Speaker Cannon, Senators Aldrich, Al
lison, Hale, Platt of Connecticut.
Spooner and Lodge, and Representative
Hemenway. Afterward there was
another conference of Senators in Sen
a'tor Aldrich'B committee room. These
leaders discussed the political situation
as to the platform, the candidate -for
Vice President and the chairman of the
national committee. The platform will
not be difficult; the candidate for Vice
President not so easily settled and the
selection of the chairman of the nation
al committee most difficult.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Republican -Leaders in White
House Conference Dis
cuss the Vice Presidency
THEIR CHOICE
IS FAIRBANKS
MAYOR MEETS HOIXAXD.
In the afternoon a telephonic arrange
ment was made with President Hoi-
The offer of Mayor Schmitz 'to act
as mediator and avert the threatened
trouble was hot particularly popular
to either side. Minor difficulties might
have been arranged by him, . but the
main question of unionism was in
volved, and the carmen -felt that on
this paramount issue no surrender
could be entertained. On the other
hand, officials of the company stated
that there could be no recession In the
demand of the United Railroads for the
right to hire and discharge their em
ployes, irrespective of the question
whether or not., they, belonged to a
labor organization.
Triangularly, it was a busy day with
those that are occupying the center of
the stage in the threatened' strike.
Mayor Schmitz made an early an
nouncement that, owing to the pend
ing troubles and the 'duties he felt
called upon to perform in the face of
the impending trouble, he would devote
his full time to his intercession work.
Then he went to the pure food exhibit
at Mechanics' Pavilion and glad-handed
the multitude as he viewed the goods
there displayed. During his absence
Secretary Keene went to the wheel and
guided the ship of municipal affairs.
STILIi FAR APART.
Silence was the watchword yesterday
In regard to th<* differences existing be
tween the carmen and the United
Railroads. Neither side had anything
definite to give to the public regarding
the situation. At the company's head
quarters it was stated that no change
in the -ituation had occurred so far as
the officials knew. Mayor Schmitz had
no positive information to give regard
ing, the result of the afternoon and
evening conferences he held with Ar
thur Holland, president of the United
Railroads. j So far as he knew, he said,
no basis of settlement had been
reached.
The officials of the union professed
to know nothing that had been done to
heal the existing rupture between the
United Railroads and its employes.
Officials of the company declared that
no effectual compromise of the troubles
had been adjusted. . •
Only one official statement was as
sued during the day, and that came
from the carmen's union. Between the
pauses and in the spaces of their plaint
it is evident that the employes have
no hope for peace. A mass meeting has
been called at midnight to-night of the
members of the union, at which time
the question of "strike" will again be
submitted to them. On their decision
will result the question whether or not
they will quit their present employ
ment.
"Dixie Kid." the colored pugilist,
whose bail of $25 was forfeited on ac
count of his non-appearance to answer
a battery charge in Judge Fritz's court,
materialized with his manager yester
day morning and contributed $10 more
to the municipal exchequer.
Night's mantle was softly enveloping
Clementina street when William C.
Walker entered the lodging-house kept
by his wife, from whom he is sep
arated, at No. 363 of that thoroughfare,
and exhibited a pistol in a menacing
manner to Daniel Singleton, one of the
lodgers, who had him arrested and
charged with threatening to kill. Judge
Mogan continued the case , till next
Saturday, by which time he hopes the
parties involved will be less inclined
to reticence.
It has already leaked out that Mr.
Walker's gun . play was accompanied
by verbal intimidation of Mr. Single
ton, and that the cause thereof was a
belief on the part of Mr. Warner that
Mr. Singleton's attentions to Mn».
Warner were more than platonlc. Thb
three sides of the story are likely to
be fully, ventilated before the court
proceedings are terminated.
"Me stuck on ci'kus life— not on yo'
life, man!" exclaimed Mr. Jones. "Ise
doan want no mo' of yo' ole ci'kus. Ise
ain't no hog, an' thahfoah know w^en
Ise hed enuff. Ise wouldn't be found
daid wukkin fo' no ole ci'kus. It's a
decent job Ise kem ter San Francisco
fo', an' not ter rousterbout fo' no ole
ci'kus."
His perfervid declaration won out.
. • • •
A special officer attached to "the
greatest show on earth" that is hold
ing forth on Eleventh street appeared
as complaining witness against John
Jones I colored), and stated that the de
fendant was an ex-employe of the cir
cus and had clung to It since his dis
missal, which took place at Salinas.
Mr. Jones emphatically declared that
the officer was mistaken.
Meyers resented her forcibly expressed
opinion of him by striking her. The
young woman claims she resides in the
house on Ellis street. She is employ
ed in a Market-street candy store and
is 16 years of age. Her parents dwell
apart.
The case of Charles Cunningham, the
Eastern Oregon "sheep king," who is
also under arrest, charged with de
frauding the Government of public
land, was continued until Thursday or
Friday. The cases of T. A. Wood and
Hosea Wood, charged with forgery of
affidavits for pension claims, was set
to be heard May 9.
•J *
PORTLAND. May 2.— The beginning
of the alleged land fraud trials was
signaled to-day in 'the United States
District Court when Mrs. Emma L.
Watson was arraigned on the charge of
conspiracy to defraud the United State3
Government. Mrs. Watson's attorneys
demurred to the Indictment, but Judge
Bellinger overruled the demurrer and
Mrs. Watson pleaded not guilty.
Owing to the fact that the prosecu
tion was unprepared to commence Mi-s.
Watson's case and those of the others
alleged to be implicated in the so-called
"land fraud ring" were continued until
May 18, although the attorneys for the
defense fought hard against such ac
tion.
SAX FRANCISCO, May 2.—
The executive committee met
this evening to consider the sit
uation and. discuss any proposi
tion the Mayor might have to
lay before them, but the only re
port received from the Mayor
was that he was not yet through
conferring" with the company
and that he would be unable to
submit any report before some
time to-morrow.
The committee then decided,
inasmuch as the three days
would expire at 12 o'clock to
morrow night, it would be nec
essary to arrange a general
mass-meeting of all the men and
in accordance instructed the
president and secretary to ar
range for a mass-meeting to
take place at the Alhambra
Theater at 12 o'clock midnight,
Tuesday, May 3. The hall will
be open at 12 o'clock; the meet
ing will be called to order at 1
o'clock sharp and one hour will
be devoted to discussion of
whatever proposition the Mayor
may have to offer.. The vote
will be taken at 2 o'clock. The
hall will be divided off Into sec
tions. Each section will be in
charge of a member of the
executive board. Each member
will be given a blank ballot,
upon which he will write Ills
vote. Ballots will then be taken
up by the executive committee
men and counted by the regular
tellers of the organization.
By resolution every member
of the organization is' requested
to be present under the penalty
of a fine of $5. Each member's
name will be checked off as he
enters the door.
STATEMENT OP CARMEN*.
Cases of Persons Said to Have
Been Implicated in the
Land Frauds Continued
When the conference broke up be
tween Mayor Schmitz and President
Holland it was close to midnight. The
place of meeting was kept a secret, and
all the Mayor would say was that it
had been held on neutral ground. It
was understood that the Mayor and the
officials of the United Railroads met in
the Palace Hotel, in apartments spe
cially reserved for the occasion. The
Mayor was delegated to give out what
ever information he thought fit.
Generally he was optimistic over the
situation and seemed to think that
there was a possibility of settlement
without the dread arbitrament of a
strike. He gave no details of the terms
upon which he based his hope of pre
venting the carmen from going out.
When' he was asked the question as to
whether any method had been arrived
at regarding the question of unionism,
he laughed and said he was pledged to
secrecy in all of the proceedings of the
conference. To-day, he said, the con
ference would be resumed, and perhaps
a more detailed statement could then
be made regarding its proceedings. I
The conference between the Mayor
and the officials of the company was
continued last night. None of the union
officials was called in and the only hint
any of them had of the proceedings
was the brief telephonic communica
tion from the Mayor. President Mahon
had absolutely nothing to give out per
sonally.
"The men decided to postpone action
upon the strike question," he said, "in
deference to the request of the Mayor
of San Francisco. The time limit will
expire at midnight to-morrow. I have
had no information from the Mayor
since the meeting Sunday morning un
til 6 o'clock to-night, when, he told me
that he was In conference with the of
ficials of the railway company and
hoped to arrive at some agreement
with them that would be acceptable to
members of our organization. I hope
he will be able to do so, as every single
man connected with our organization
Is anxious on behalf of himself and the
public to avoid any trouble."
SCHMITZ IS IIOPEFUIi. i
Schmltz gave Mah:n the assuran:e
that a possible settlement might bis ar
ranged.
_/'On what basis?" asked Mahon.
Evidently the reply was not pleasing
to the international president.
"We can't stand that," he said.
land of the United Railroads for a
meeting between himself and the Mayor
of San Francisco. It was not' sought ton
the. part of the company. Shortly af
ter 3 o'clock ; in the afternoon Mayor
Schmitz walked unattended into the Ri
alto building and was elevated to the
eighth floor, where the company's of
fices are located. He stood in the corri
dor for a moment until he located a door
with the sign of "General Manager's
Office" and to this he went. As soon
as.he.go.t inside the clerks recognized
him and by devious ways he was led
to a room where President Holland was
awaiting him. .
The two went into conference at once
and discussed the situation for more
than two hours and a half. Then the
Mayor left, going at once to his office.
After 6 o'clock he called up the head
quarters of the Carmen's Union and
inquired for International President
Mahon. The latter had been at the
headquarters all day waiting anx
iously for some message from tin
Mayor. , . , .
Meyers and the eirl were emerging
from an Ellis-street lodging-house
when Mrs. Warner saw, them, and
It is doubtful, after all, that Alice
Warner will become Mrs. M. H. Mey
ers, whom her mother had arrested
and charged with battery before Judge
Fritz. The girl was In court yesterday
and denied improper relationship with
the defendant, and Mrs. Warner stated
that she -did not thinK the proposed
marriage would be a wise thing, be
cause she entertained misgivings as
to Meyers' ability or willingness to
support a wife. Then the case was
continued until the young woman's
father is heard from.
Jesus Navarro pulled the proverbial
"ugly-lnoking knife" and threatened
to carve a gentleman who accidental
ly jostled him Saturday night on Grant
avenue, and Judge Mogan will hear the
testimony to-morrow.
Before starting on his annual vaca
tion, scheduled to consume six weeks.
Judge Conlan cleaned off his calendar.
In the purging process H. G. Schu
macher, charged with embezzling
precious stones valued at J6 95 from
W. J. Hesthal, a Sixth-street jeweler,
was held to answer in the Superior
Court, with bail fixed at $2000. Once
upon a time Schumacher owned a Jew
elry store in the Palace Hotel block
and failed for $80,000.
Edward Davis of 81 Natoma street
informed Judge Fritz that he had been
held up and robbed of $14 S5 by "James
Kelly, the two Flynns and a Swede,"
and his Honor continued the case of
Kelly, the only member of the quintet
who was arrested, until the other per
sons accused can be rounded-up and
taken to court.
The accuser and the accused had
been drinking together at the former's
expense, until he got tired of monopo
lizing the outlay and decided to go
home. Kelly, the two Flynns and the
Swede asked him to give them 20 cents
apiece before leaving them, and in or
der to comply with the request he was
obliged to obtain change for a $5 gold
piece. The sight of so much money apv
parently excited their cupidity, for after
getting two bits apiece they followed
him. he said, and Kelly forcibly dispos
sessed him of the 514 85.
"Tut, tut," said Judge Mogan; "the
Barbary Coast is not a bit less re
spectable than the Bowery after dark,
and I'm sure you would never think of
freighting yourself with a revolver
while visiting the-Bowery. Take back
your gun and leave it in your trunk
until you enter the country of cow
boys and Indians."
The defendant pleaded that he car
ried the gun because he had been in
formed before he left New York that
it would be extremely dangerous to
venture abroad in San Francisco with
out having a shooting-iron within con
venient reach.
1'ied Jackson, a tourist from Gotham,
was inspecting the Barbary Coast last
Saturday evening, when Patrolman
Skane arrested him for carrying a pis
tol. He did not display the weapon,
but had it nestling in a pocket of his
o\ ercoat.
• • •
"Thinking ain't no law," replied Mary,
whose repeated poslngs as a defendant
have not been entirely uninstructive to
herself. "Only what we know is law;
an* I know I'm a workln' lady."
"You work even* one you can," re
marked his Honor, "and I'll give you
thirty days in jail to think up some
mote law."
"No, I don't want no lawyer," said
Mary Fisher, middle-aged and slovenly,
to Judge Fritz; "I'll plead not guilty
an* waive a Jury. Now go ahead and
prove me a vag."
"What do you think you are?" In
quired the court.
Seventy cents* worth of food in a
I.arkin street restaurant ultimately cost
1 <fohn Geary $10. for he failed to appear
•fefetort JiMge Mogan to answer the
fharpe of defrauding an innkeeper out
r'r the first-mentioned sum and his bail
of- J.10- was forfeited.
* . • • •
/SV. J. Shaw, young in year? and old
. irr vagrancy, was "piretting" on Sacra
mento street, the complaining police
rnaii said, and he wiJl be sentenced to
morrow by Judge Mogan.
• . . • • * •
Jn*>z Loraine blushingly confessed to
. Judfre Cabaniss that ere Amos Jones,
ijiana'gc r of an Ellis street apartment •
• Jh.<xu$e. kicked her in the back she
.threatened to "cave in his face with a
'clock." and that she was hastening to
trm the threat into execution when the
kick was administered. The defendant
r^eatied that he was exercising his
managerial prerogative by protesting
a-gainrt unseemly goings-on in Miss Lo
' "rain.e's boudoir when she lost her tem
per a«d deluged him with language
" fhst no respectable newspaper dare
quote. Case dismissed.
' Patrolman D. B. Bolton blundered, i
u-say the least, when he arrested
, 'nineteen-year-old Allie Jensen last
¦ Sunday afternoon and chargred her
>.\viya vagrancy. The girl proved to the
. Eat isf action of Judge Fritz that her
¦."l'uir.ilhitlon would have been averted
\ P>: 4he exercise of proper discretion on
" .the policeman's part.
./Sincfe she graduated from the Poly
tttlinic High School, where Bhe won
exceptional honors. Miss Jensen has
I'U.cn employed as compositor by one
¦ :tht» big book printing firms and was
a.i; work Sur.day until about an hour
. to her arrest. When she arrived
a/, her home, 3208 Seventeenth street,
•¦*¦*? found the doors locked and nobody
_\v*.thin, so fhe went and sat upon the
¦*t<ips of an adjoining schoolhouse to
await, the return of the holder of the
*:cys. Fatigued by the extra work she
•- had been doing she fell asleep, and in
that condition Officer Bolton discovered
. her. When he 'awakened her she told
• liim who she was, where she lived and
..of. Her inability to obtain entrance, and
£s he appeared incredulous she offered
t"_ejscort him to her mother, who dwelt
seine distance away. He accompanied
"•her there,. but was dissatisfied vrith the
" statements received and took the girl
: 'to prison and booked her for vagrancy.
' 5iidge Fritz very promptly dismissed
• Jh£ case and expressed regret that the
arrest had been made.
"Officer Bolton stated that when ne
.escorted the girl to her mother's house
• tiie would not allow, any one there to
1 epeak. In explanation of her dwelling
• away from the maternal roof Miss Jen
scji said that some time ago she ex- 1
pressed dissatisfaction with the rental
tiSid by her mother, as she considered
, it exorbitant, and that thereupon she
wvs told that if she did not like the
.•way her mother kept house she could
• jro somewhere else, which she did.
." The girl is quite a linguist, speaking
German, French and Spanish fluently.
' -&nd-as she appeared in court there cer
• tainly was nothing in either her ap
jpxi'ar.ance or manner to indicate gulit
of the charge filed against her by Pa
trplman Bolton.
"tie called me all the foul names he
fiyld lay his tongue to," said M.
ilichaelson while pressing his charge
i:f- peace disturbance against Denis
• L<iran, a duli-looking youth, who gave
"h-.f- address at 112 Fourth street.
. "-.Judge Fritz glanced sharply at the
' defendant and the inspection evidently
ttid n*ot impress his Honor with belief
that all the offensive epithets in Master
I-,oran.*s nomenclature would make a
-bulky book, for he allowed him to go '
r*ff.W* own recognizance to appear in i
' c'iiirt again to-morrow. '•
PLEA OF "NOT GUILTY"
THE MAYOR'S STATEMENT.
Mayor Schmltz was optimistic
at midnight over the situation.
After an afternoon j and even-
Ing spent in conference he made
the following statement:
"The conference between
President Holland of the* United
Railroads and myself gives me
every hope to believe that nn
amicable adjustment of the
existing trouble can be arrived
ut. Certain final suggestions
were advanced by me and re
ceived in an encouraging spirit
by Mr. Holland. I am not able
to state what these are to-night,
but they will be transmitted to
the carmen to-morrow and may
be a solution of the difficulty.
A ' further conference will be
held to-morrow."
No Encouragement for the Peaceful Solution of Pending
Difficulties Is Entertained by Officials of Company
or Union and Men Are Galled Upon to Vote on Issues
Mrs. Watson Arraigned in
Portland on Charge of Aid
ing to Swindle Government
While Awaiting Entrance to Her Home She
. .Falls Asleep, But Her Explanation Is
\ Disbelieved and She Is Taken to Jail
DENIES CHARGE
OF CONSPIRACY
MAYOR SCHMITZ THINKS SETTLEMENT
OF CARMEN'S TROUBLES IS POSSIBLE
ARREST OF RESPECTABLE YOUNG
GIRL AS VAGRANT IS REGRETTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIJ, TUESDAY^ MAY •3,; 1904.
Sarah Goldberg of 913 Huntinffton
avenue,' Roxbury. -. Mass., has asked
School Superintendent Langdon to lo
cate- the \ family, of Barriett Robinson,
who came " here ' twelve years ago.
Robinson, died, ; : but his widow. Dlna
Robinson, and 'two sons, Jacob '. and
Samuel." are supDOSed to be alive and
heirs to certain" property.
Wants Family ' Located.
9
I '• POSTTJM CEREAL.
¦ *'. ¦ .
.- '/ . If the Dr. held up his finger at you at breakfast and said: "It's that COFFEE, you know, that causes your stubborn, sick spells
¦ .• . and my medicines are useless, fighting against the daily poison to your nerves you take in coffee. You simply cannot get well until
.* •..'*• • you quit coffee, so if you continue to use it we must all consider you like to be sick all day as an exchange for the pleasure of
". a cup of coffee in the morning*."
" • And keep on drinking coffee and enjoying the headaches, stomach and bowel troubles, nervous prostration and the whole train
. m '' of disorders that follow, aftertwe have used coffee long enough to build in the diseased cells, and when these cells exist we sim-
ply cannot be well. We must stop the daily poison of coffee and let good old Dame Nature make new and perfect cells for us.
And an almost immediate comfort and relief is to quit coffee absolutely. Have as many, or more cups of Postum Coffee,- but be
very sure to know — insist upon knowing that it has been boiled, actual boiling, not less than 15 minutes. Many cooks try to
' : , prepare Postum by 5 or 6 minutes' boiling, but that will not do. Oi course there's no harm in drinking a weak, insipid cup of
underboiled Postum, but where's the use, when it can be had ricri, deep brown, with a decided crisp coffee snap, hot and deli-
• . - * . cious? Don't let them serve it to you half-made. After a day or two you will find (probably to your surprise) that the old sick
Look for the miniature book, "The Road to Wellville," in each package of Postum and Grape-Nuts.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAH9XT77T CAUSED BT A OSSU.
A New Discovery that Kills the Germ
and Prevents Baldness.
Pretty nearly all the hair preparations
for dandruff have some merit in allaying
itchins of the scalp, and in being a fairly
good dressing for the hair, but there la
only one that recognizes what causes
dandruff, falling hair and baldness, and
that destroys the cause, a little germ—
and that is Newbro's Herpicide. This
germ eats its way into the scalp, it digs
up the scalp into little white scales. Un-
less It Is destroyed there's no permanent
stopping of falling hair and cure ot dan-
druff and baldness. Newbro's Herpicide
kills the germ. "Destroy the cause, you
remove the effect." Sold by leading drug-
gists. Send 10c in stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mica.
SBB9QM
tEEIH '£
AND SKEAIH
la till MCkafe jn % ei .boti UqoM u4
P0wdcr. Tkls Is tlie Lsize Size.
PATTOSIKN'S.
s fi> a\\
To-Day at
11 o'clock
The hammer will fall
on the finest line of
PARLOR
FURNIJUBE
in the city. Three-
piece and five-piece
suits in the stock.
Also couches, leather
chairs, mission parlor
furniture and odd
parlor pieces.
Your Price Is
Ovr Price
16th and Mission Sts.
—Brought Back From Indiana.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion on May 21 to fill seven vacancies
in the position of mate in the quarter
master's department at large at $1080
per annum. Age limit," 20 years or
over. Applicants must submit with
their applications ocean master's li
cense and should be skilled licensed
coastwise pilots and navigators. Ap
ply at once to the United States Civil
Service Commission, 'Washington, D.
C., for application form 1093 amended.
Seven Mates Wanted.
George Martin yesterday filed a suit
against his sister, Maria C. Dorfler,
for an accounting of her stewardship
pf the estate of their mother, Maria
C. Martin, who "jd in March, 1897.
He claims that though the property of
Mrs. Martin was devised by her to her
daughter with the understanding that
she was to care for him, she has not
done so in a way 'that is satisfactory
to him. /The Martin estate Is quite
valuable, consisting principally of
realty.
Sues Sister for an Accounting:.
In an affidavit filed yesterday in con
nection with the suit of Eugenia T.
Larsen, as administratrix of the estate
of F. T. Larsen, against. C. W. Hub
bard and the Park Lumber Company,
for the recovery of $5000 paid by Mrs.
Larsen to the defendants for Sonoma
County timber lands it is averred that
the money was obtained from Mrs.
Larsen through the misrepresentation
of G. W. Smith and C. E. Platt.
Claims She Was Deceive^.
Waddell Allows the Philadelphia* Ono
Hit in tlie^.Iohn \.. Sullivan
Benefit Game.
: i" AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. May 2.— New York ihut out
Washington to-day. The home team earned all
of their runs by good hitting In the third and
fourth Innings. Attendance. 1&00. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 5 11 2
Washington 0 S 1
Batteries — Hughes and McGulre; Patten and
Kittredge.
BOSTON. May 2. — The home team was shut
out to-day by Waddell. who allowed but one
hit. Twenty per cent of the gate receipts was
given to John L. Sullivan's benefit fund. At
tendance 6500. Score:
R., H. E.
Boston .' 0 1 2
Philadelphia 3 . 6 O
Batteries — Tannehlll and Criger; dimes and
Schreck.
ST. LOUIS. May 2. — The Chicago team to
day defeated the St. Louis Browns by pounding
Sudhoff In the eighth inning, making two
doubles,- two triples and a home run off his
delivery, netting thein four runs. Attendance,
St. Louis... ......•'..'.»••»«•....••• 6 14 2
Chicago » 9 0
Batterirs — Sudhoff and Sugden; Smith and
Sullivan.
DETROIT, Mich.. May 2. — Detroit won the
opening game of the series in the first inning,
two hits and as many errors letting: in four
runs. Attendance. 3000. Score:
Detroit « J> 3
' Cleveland 2 10 3
Batteries — Donovan and Buelow; Donohue
and Abbott.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. May 2. — New York shut out
Boston to-day through clever fielding. Neither
team was able to hit hard or frequently. At
tendance,* 700. Score: .
R. H. E.
New York 2 7 0
Bcston 0 4 3
Batteriea — Taylor and Warner: Plttinger.
Wilhelm and Moran. Umpires — Zimzner and
Moran.
PHILADELPHIA. May 2. — The locals were
weak at the bat to-day and Brooklyn shut
them out. Attendance, 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Philadelphia 0 & 2
Batteries^ — Cronin and Bercen; Fraser and
Dooin. Umpire — Emslie.
CHICAGO. May 2.— Nearly all of Chicago's
hits to-day came at the right time, while- those
of tbe champions were wasted. Wicker was
very effective with men on bases. Attendance,
2100. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago • 8 » 4
Plttsburjr 3 8 1
Batteries — Wicker and Kilns? ; Gamnitz and
Phelpa.
CINCINNATI. Ohio. May 2.— Clean hitting
by both teams marked the game to-day. At
tendance, 2500. Score:
. - R. H. E.
Cincinnati 8 12 2
St. Louis 6 »; 1
Batteries — Suthoff and Schley; Taylor and
Byers. Umpire— O'Day.
INVINCIBLE REUBEN"
, SHUTS OUT QUAKERS
TACOMA, May 2.— Tacoma took th«
last g^ime of the series from Oakland
with ease, outplaying the visitors. Both
pitchers were wild, but the visitors were
unable to hit opportuntely. Attendance
2500. Score:
Tacoma — i Oakland —
A.R.H. P.A.I A.R.H. P.A-
Casey,2b. 5 13 0 4 Onley.rf . 3 0 110
Shehn,3b 3 2 2 2 4 Frncks.s. & 0 1 1 2
Nrdyk,lb 3 O 1 11 1 Krugr.cf 8 0 111
Eagan.a. 3 0 13 1 Mskm.lf. 5 10 2 0
Lynch.cf. 4 0 110 Schfly.2b 3 0 2 3 2
Ilnnvn.rf 2 2 O S O Streib.lb 2 O O 9 O
McLhn.If 4 0 0 11 Devrx,3b 3 0 10 1
C.Grhm,c 4 1 2 8 2 Hodge.c. 4 O 0 T 1
Ftzgrld.p 3 0 11 0|J.Grhm,p 3 12 0 5
Totals 27 6 11 27 13 1 Totals 31 2 8 24 13
RUX3 AND HITS BT INNUJG3.
Tacoma 2 0 1 0 0 2 0 1 x— •
Base hits 3 0 3 0 12 11 x— 11
Oakland O OOOO1 00 1—2
Base hits 0 0 1 0 0 1 2 2 2 — ft
SUMMARY.
Errors — Casey. Lynch. MeLaughlin. Stolen
bases — Sheehan. C. Graham, Hannlvan. Gan
ley, Moskiman. Devereaux. Struck out— By
Fitzgerald 4, by Graham ft First base on called
balls— Off Fitzgerald 7. off Graham 7. Hit by
pitcher — Schafley. Two-baso hit — Ewan.
Three- base hit — Fitzgerald 1. Sacrifice hits— .
Nordyke. Devereaux. Double plays — Casey to
Kagan to N'ordyke; Eagan to Nonlyke; Krug-r
to Francks to Schafley. Left on banes — Taco
ma 8. Oakland 11. Time of game — Tw» hourx
Umpire— Jack. Huston. |£>33
SEATTLE, May 2.— Portland had
things her own way until the last of
the fifth, when Shields won his owa
game by a timely hit. After that Seat
tle found Thielman easily. Score:
Seattle — I Portland —
AB. K. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Van JLcf 3 12 0 0 Dr'nan.cf 5 0 10 0
Mohlr.2b 3 0 14 6 McCre.rf 5 0 2 0O
Smith,!*. 4 0 0 0 0 Nadeu.lf 4 1110
Frisk.lf. 4 112 O'Freran.lb 3 1 2 10 I
Hall.ss.. 4 12 2 4;stlman,c 4 2 2 5 1
Brash. lb 4 O I) It 0 Castro.ss 4 0 13 4
Delah.3b 2 1 1 O l'Beck.2b. 4 0 2 3 4
¦Wilson.c 4 115 4 O 2 1 1
Shlelds.p 3 1 1 O :! Thielm.p 4 0 1 1 3
Totals 31 6 0 27 15; Totals 07 4 14 Z% 1*
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Seattle , 00003210 x— 8
Portland 0 00 2 O 0 0 2 0—4
SUMMARY.
Errors — Frisk. Hall. Shields, Steelman.
Castn^ Earned runs —^eattla 3. Two-base
hits -f Frl.sk. Van V Haltren, Francis. Mc-
Creedie. Stolen bas«3 — lVIahar.ty, Wilson.
Freeman. Sacrifice hits — Mohler. Delebanty.
Frteman. Double plays — Mohler to Brashear:
Hall to Brashear; Castro to Freeman. First
base on halls^ — Off Thielman 1. Hit by pitcher
— Thielman 1. Struck cut— By Shields 4, by
Thielman 5. Passed ball — Wilson. Time
of can.e — One hour and fifty-two minutes.
Umpire — O'Connell.
Morley AVins First Game.
The champion amateur-profes
sional billiard tournament opened at
Morley's parlor last night with a game
between James Morley and Frank Du
Bois, both class B amateurs. Mor
ley won the match by a score of 150
to 116, after a spirited contest.
Suspected of Burglary.
- Frank L. Shannon was arrested at
arl early hour yesterday nurning by
Policemen Joy, Fowle and .MeXamara
and locked uz> In "the tank*" at the
City Prison pending developments.
The officers were notified that Shan
non had entered the' room of James
"tyi'keison in the Tremont House on
Kfarny street and had stolon a suit
of clothes, an overcoat and $9 in coin.
Shar.ncn la an ex-soldier.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Nervator wo»,
Cloverton second, Wlnntfreda third. Time,
1:14%.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs — Lanark
won Sir Andrew second. Volta third. Time,
1:10.
Second race, five furlongs-pGus Heldorn
won, Redman second. Soufriere third. Time,
1:09.
Third race, seven furlongs — Federal won,
Gil fain second. Banter third. Time, 1:28 2-3.
Fourth race, mile — English Lad won. "Witful
second. Greeor K third. Time, 1:40 3-5.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs — Sin
cerity Bell won. Bert Ozra second, Azelina
third. Time, :56 2-5. .
Sixth race, mile and ieventy yards — Potheen
won, Marco second. I. Samuelson third. Time,
1:47. /
ST. LOUIS, May 2.— Delmar Park re
sults: >
First race, five 'and a half furlong* — Re
sponsive won Octo Cafe second. Dale third.
Time. 1:18?4.
Second race, six furlongs — Frank Rice won,
Cresscda second First Ono third. Time. 1:25.
Third race, five and a half furlongs— La
Toila won King"s Charm second, Scotch Dance
third Time. 1:17%. .
Fourth race seven furlongs— Jerry won. Ex
apo second. A>gle Lewis third. Time. 1:4m,
Fifth race, six furlongs — Sweet Charity won.
Decoration second. Fickle Saint third. Time.
1:2.110. '
Sixth - race, one and a sixteenth miles — The
Bobby won, Arnold K second. Hickory Corners
third. Time. 1:K).
KANSAS CITY,' May 2.— Elmridge re
sults: '¦; ;•'
First race, six furlongs— St. George Jr. won,
Glorioea second Ben Heywood. third. Time.
1:15%.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — VI
dalia won, Speaker Fontana second. Cunardo
third. Time. :60V4. - „
Third race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ine—Bob McLean won. Silver Fizz second.
Erne third. Time. 1:47%. • .
Fourth race, one mile — McGee won. Injunc
tion second. Baa d'Or third. Time, 1:40%.
First race, four furlongs^ — Jade won, Lou
Merrill second, Anoma third. Time, :48 2-6.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Kohinoor won,
Boundbrook second. Wallford third. Time,
1:10 1-5.
CHICAGO, Mav 2.— Worth results:
Fourth race, the Montasue- Stakes, one and
a sixteenth miles— Ostrich won. Careless sec
ond. Andy Williams third. Time, 1:47«4.
Fifth race, five furlongs — First Born won,
Ben Italia second, Hautrey third. Time, 1:05.
Second race, five furlongs — Madrigal won.
Belle of Setauket second. Dantzell third.
Time, 1:02 3-5.
Third race, handicap, five and a half fur
lonsrs — Lord of the Valley won, Schorac secv
ond. The Musketeer third. Time. 1:07.
NEW YORK, May 2.— For an off day
the card at Jamaica to-day was an at
tractive one and the racing was wit
nessed by a good-sized crowd. Ostrich,
second choice in the betting and nicely
ridden by Fuller, won from James R.
Keene's lightweighted gelding Careless
at 12 to 1. Fuller was compelled to
ride his best to stall off the rush of
Burns on Keene's horse by the shortest
of heads.
- Aside from this race the feature was
the poor showing made by Grand Opera
in, the second event. He was never
prominent at any stage and failed to
show a trace of his former great speed.
Lord of the Valley won this event, lead-
Ing from start to finish.
It was a bad day for favorites, as
only two, First Born and Kohlnoor,
won. Results:
First race, six t urlongs — Mart Mullen won,
Morocanta ' second, Elsie l> third. Time,
1:14 1-5. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Martin Canole, the premier light
weight of Boston, arrived here
last night fresh from the Hub city.
Canole Is scheduled to box ¦?'Battling"
Nelson twenty rounds on the night of
May 20 under the auspices of the San
Francisco Club. The Boston boy looks
fit and ready and - in his own quiet
way he says he will put up a fight
that Is sure to make the local sports
happy.
Canole Is the little boxer who fought
that wonderful twenty-five-round bat
tle with Jimmy Britt at Colma last
November. The memory of that con
flict is still fresh in the mind of every
man who witnessed it. Canole is a
great favorite with the followers of the
fistic game in this city and he was
given quite a welcome on his arrival.
The Boston boy is accompanied by
his manager, James Connolly. The lat
ter thinks his man will compel Nelson
to seek the floor after a few rounds and
he brings a whole lot of money wjth
which to back up his assertions, j ..
'T have been doing a lot of boxing
lately," said Canole, "and in the last
few months I have met and. beaten five
of the best men in the East. Should
I win from Nelson I will return imme
diately to Boston where I expect to
box Joe Gans at 133 pounds *at 3 o'clock.
I think I will train at Blanken's for
the coming fight. Jack "Welch, Eddie
Graney or any good man will suit me
as a referee, as I have no choice."
Man Who Made Such a Re
markable Showing With
Britt Warmly Welcomed
Cleverly Ridden by Fuller
He Defeats Careless by a
Short Head at the Wire
Portland Has Contract Seal
ed for the Game When the
Seattle Pitcher Awakens
OSTRICH IS A WINNER
GKEAT FIGHT PKOMISED
SHIELDS' TDIELY HIT
Premier Boston Lightweight
Arrives to Engage in a
' Bout With Battling Nelson
flakes a Miserable Showing
in the Second Event on
the Card at Jamaica Track
Tacoma Team Outplays the
Guests and Captures the
Series Without Difficulty
GRIND OPERA
HAS NO SPEED
CANOLE LOOKS
FIT AND READY
TIGERS FIND
OAKLAND EASY
Children Visit Pavilion.
Last night was children's night at
the Pure Food Exhibit at Mechanics'
Pavilion and the place was thronged
with youngsters all evening. Each
was given a souvenir. The delegates
to the convention were shown about
the place last night and given an ova
tion. . c
PROBABLE WINNERS.
First race— Step Around, Casslo W,
Maud Muller.
. Second race— Meada, ' Cloudiisht,
Eduiirdo. ..
J Third race— Anvil, Gold Finder,
Harry Beck.,
- Fourth race — Rcy Dare, Louis iWag
ner, Solon.
_ Fifth race— -Money Muss, Misty's
Pride, John A/ Scott.
Sixth race — Hlilouon. Laocoon,
Pierce' J..,
'When a., fellow boasts of his honesty
there's no, telling how he manages "to
pay his [debts.:
ROOT GETS DECISIOX
OVER GEORGE GARDNER
Lowell . Man Is Badly Beaten in a
Six-Round Bout at Chi
cago.
CHICAGO. May_2.— Jack Root of
Chicago was given the decision " over
George Gardner of Lowell at the end
of six rounds to-night. -Gardner did
not fight In good form and was badly
beaten. Within a few seconds of the
end of the second round Root knock
ed Gardner to his knees- with a right
swing ¦ to the Jaw. Root had '. the bet
ter of the third and fourth rounds. ; In
the fifth Root put a right hook to the
Jaw that sent Gardner, down for the
count of six. He was groggy^when he
rose and lasted out the round with
difficulty. In the last -round. •' . Root
hammered Gardner ; all over the ring,
and at the bell had him almost out.
Gardner's seconds were compelled to
carry him to his corner; and i worked
over him several minutes; before he
was able to walk out of the rinsr.
for 'recognition, while San Antonio,
Tex., will point to her Lone Star em
blem and ask the convention to decide
to go there next year. »
Election of officers occurs Thursday
afternoon. It is generally understood
that A. W. Farlinger of Atlanta, Ga.,
who is vice president of the national
association, will be elected to the presi
dency. F. M. Newland, who has been
treasurer of the association for several
years, will no doubt be re-elected. The
executive committee will be elected at
the same time, but the members for
nomination have not yet been sug
gested.
The refusal of the convention to al
low Elisha Winters of Kansas City a
seat as a delegate is heartily indorsed
by the delegates. Winters represents
a collecting agency and a system which
the grocers contend is detrimental to
their efforts for securing garnishment
legislation.
The convention has a number of
orators among its delegates and there
are no cries of "Louder" when Delegate
Sullivan of Missouri takes the floor or
when Delegate Gray of New York
starts to speak.
Third race — One mile; four-year-olds and up;
selling.
6695 Arthur Ray (Clayton) 112
6648 Expedient (Smith) 100
6632 Plan (Strobel) : 101
6704 The Counselor (Clifford) 101
6520 Assessment (Neal) 105
8713 Billy Moore (Hector) 10rt
666!) Teufel (Magrane) 101
6705 'Chlleno (Blasinpame) 96
6602 Dr. Ehorb (Owl Stable) 105
6630 'Harry Beck (Lynch & Co.) 100
6713 Gold Finder (Lynch) 101
6687 'Anvil (Murray) 100
• Fourth race— --Seven furlongs, four- year-olds
and up. sellinar. ,
6702 'Tom Slavin (Clifford) 102
C638 Rey Dare (Xealon) 104
6663 Murat (Henderson) 104
CC63 Vasallo (Piedmont Stable) 101
6715 Louti Wagner (Blakeman) ,..107
6674 8olon (Ryan) 104
C605 Mocr (Gilbert) .104
6064 Leash (Levy) 10*->
6683 Nullah (McKenzle)..... 102
6710 Mocorito (Wellman) 105
Fifth race — Futurity course, three-year-olds
and up, purse.
6704 Flush of Gold (Owen) 99
C716 Riesca" (MeLaughlin) U7
6068 Ishtar (Josephs) OT
6658 Blue Eyes (Sheridan) »7
COR" John A. Scott (Jones) 107
(6715)Money Mu»3 (Gaylord) 1CI
6716 Kva D (Owl Stable) 97
66P9 Moynard (Storm) 9."!
Cheerden (Allen) 101
(6085)Mlsty's Pride (Jones) '. 102
Sixth race — Mile and seventy yards, three
year-olds and up, celling.
(6692)Colonel Ballantyne (Fine) 107
«715 'Lady Athellng (MeLaughlin) \ ... 97
671« Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) 102
6702 'Laocoon (Coffey) ..../.......'....... 97
(60nO)'Colonel Van (Fountain) .;..'. .104
6570 «J. V. Klrby (Strobel) ........104
C601 "Northwest (Clifford) ... . . . . ......... 02
(171.4 'Illllouon (Randall) . ......... ....104
(6702)'HainauIt (Thomas & Reavey) 101
6608 Red Cross Nurse (Ross) 97
6608 'Pierce J (Stover) '.*:.'. 102
SLos Angles Index.
•Apprentice allowance. '
(57IK5 »Llght of Day (Coffey) 06
6700 'Marie J (Jones) 94
670G Meada (Bianchl & Co.) 101
6700 'Head Dance (El Primero Stable).... 0T
(CBSS)Howard Vance (Fitzgerald) 110
«70« Cedarburg (Alhambra Stable)..... ...104
(0712)Eduardo (Blakeman) ..103
Second race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds ;
selling.
MV>h Cloudlight (Josephs) »»
6700 Velna (Van Gorden) 107
C047 'Plrella (Miller) »0
66'-".! Ding Dong (Boots) 10U
6700 Bill Short (Dobson) lOi
6645 Friponne (Alhambra Stable) 08
0687 Nonle (Garden City Stable) 101
6675 'Rustic Girl (Fitzgerald) 5h>
6645 Egyptian Princess (O'Rourke) 101
Money Muss, John A. Scott, Misty's
Pride and Hush of Gold
Will Clash.
Racing will be resumed to-day at
Oakland track with a very atractlve
card of events. Some of the very best
of the Far Western sprinters meet in
the fifth race. x
The entries are as follows:
First race — Five and a half furlongs; mares;
four-year-olds and up; selling.
C(». r )0 Bee Rosewater (Nichols) Oft
G701 Step Around (Devln) 101
0703 Aunt Polly (Oraffort & Co.) 101
(0705)»Maud Muller (Miller) »0
WT27 'Myrtle H (Mrs. Hertzell) 09
(6386)Cassie W (Nealon) 10*
Witll Suburban Queen (Winter) 101
C70T! Hlrtle (Neal) 104
CRACK SPRINTERS MEET
AT OAKLAND TRACK TO-DAY
The University of California added
another victory to her long list yes
terday afternoon when her crew of
stalwart oarsmen walked away from
the seasoned varsity crew from Wash
ington.
The race, which was pulled over a
mile and a half straightaway course,
was scheduled to take place at 3:30
o'clock sharp, but lqng before that time
barges and launches, loaded with yell
ing rooters, sped noisily up and down
the stream, while horns, .whistles and
college yells sang through the rigging
of neighboring vessels.
Fair co-eds, waving blue and gold
flags, and tanned athletes thronged the
piers along the water's edge, and it was
evident that the victory, of last Satur
day inspired them with a confidence of
their team's ability to hold its own.
It was 4:32 when the sharp crack of
a pistol set the two sturdy crews tug
ging at their oars. The shells simul
taneously shot ahead, but the strong
tide that discouraglngly swept down
on the raceboats impeded their speed
materially.
After the first^couple of strokes the
California boat crept ahead. Its crew
swung a short, quick stroke, while the
men in the Washington boat settled
down to a long, sweeping one. For the
first minute of the race the California
crew pulled forty-two strokes while
their opponents pulled but thirty-one.
It did not take but a moment to see
that the California boat was to be the
winner of the day. Her crew slackened
up its pace until it regulated a steady
thirty-four stroke. Her opponents
slowed down to- twenty-seven.
When, the boats passed by the coal
barges, a Quarter of a mile from the
starting point, California's boat was
half a length ahead, and by the time
Lake Merritt was reached had doubled
her lead. The California boat finally
reached the goal 34 seconds ahead ot
the visitors. Time for the winners,
13 minutes and 43 seconds. Washington
University, 11 minutes and 19 seconds.
. A mighty roar went up as the win
ning crejy tossed their oars. They had
started a fast stroke and had retained
it throughout the race. They had won
the race, but their sinewy arms and
shoulders were tired and aching from
their exertions.
As the Washington i boat passed
alongside of the three-masted bark Two
Brothers that was anchored, in the
stream her captain, a weather-beaten
old sailor, leaned over the bulwarks
and waved his cap. "You're all right,
boys; you may be beat, but you've got
mere of a seamanlike stroke than them
other fellers."
Knight, coach for the Washington
crew, said after the race was over that
he appreciated the sportsmanlike man
ner in which his team has been received
here and hopes that it will not be long
before the crews try for honors again.
The crews were as follows:
California. Position. Washington.
Grindley Bow Van Kuran
Anloff Second bow Pullen
Bannister Second stroke Lantz
Bunnell Stroke . ., McElmon
Loeb (120 lbs)... Coxswain King (168 lbs)
LONDON, May 2. — In a ten-round
contest at Whitechapel to-night Jack
Clancey of San Francisco defeated
Peter Brown of Woolwich for the
144-pound championship and a purse
of $1250.
Clanccy Defeats London Lad.
Sunday Games Legal in Brooklyn.
NEW YORK, May 2. — Sunday base
ball in Brooklyn was declared legal to
day in a decision handed down by Jus
tice Gaynor. At the same time the
several baJlplayers and officials at the
Brooklyn Baseball Park, who were ar
rested on the test case, were dis
charged from custody.
beauties of California's rocks, gravels
and sands and to gaze upon samples
of their products.
The board room of the Harbor Com
missioners was wide open to the dele
gates and there mutual greetings were
exchanged and light refreshments en
joyed. Thoroughly tired from their
first day's reception and labors in con
vention, the delegates retired to their
various couches happy and satisfied
that San Francisco was selected for
the seventh annual convention. '-W
This morning's session will be called
to order promptly at 10 o'clock and will
be confined to hearing the reports from
all the States in the Union and an ad
ditional report from the committee on
credentials.
AFTERXOOX PROGRAMME.
The afternoon session is to convene
at 2 o'clock to carry out the following
programme:
Address, E. A. Tyler, Fargo, X. D., "Why
Members Should Interest Themselves* in Mu
tual Fire Insurance"; "address, C. H: Spencer,
Seattle, Wash., "How Our Mutual Fire Insur
ance Company Co-operates ¦with the State As
sociation"; address. Sol Woaterfleld, Chicago,
111.. "Trading Stamps"; address. William
Gray, Brooklyn, N. ' Y.. "Early and Sunday
Closing"' ; address. A. W. Farllnser, Atlanta,
Ca.. "Organization in the Southland"; ad
dress, H. Fischer. Lincoln. Nebr., "Laws and
Equal Rights for the Interests We Repre
sent"; address, W. F. McAllister, San An
tonio, Tex.. "Organization in the Alamo":
open discussion — "Practical Credit System" ;
address, John A. Green. Cleveland, Ohio,
"Ohio's Garnishment Law": address. George
Nesbltt. New South Wales, "Organization in
Far-away Australia"; address. J. A. Nagle,
Rochester. N. T.. "Our Local Association";
address, Georre II. Bond, Boston, Mass..
"What New England Thinks of the Xational
Association."
The evening is to be devoted to vis
iting the pure food show, where many
articles in the grocery line are on ex
hibition.
To-morrow the delegates will have
the choice of two excursions, no
regular business session being on
the programme. In one instance
a trip will be made to the Italian-Swiss
colony at Asti, where the guests will
be shown through the extensive vine
yards and entertained at luncheon in
the winery- 8"he other privilege ex
tended them is a trip to Oakland by
special steamer. The delegates will be
under the guidance of members of the
Alameda Countv Grocers' and Mer
chants' Association. A ride around the
city and a visit to the university will
be followed by a dinner at the Hotel
Metropole.
To-morrow evening a special theatri
cal programme will be rendered at -the
Chutes for the benefit of the delegates.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
IV. U. Tct. t W- I- P.SJ-
T«coma ....21 J2 .636 Oakland •••*»/ }*>g*
Lc« Anptles.S'J U .M. San Fran... W l» .«l
Seattle 17 13 -Go;! I'ortlar.d ... o _j .!».»
Jud Smith broke up a great game
• jesterday afternoon when he lined the
leather to the flagpole and put Uncle's
commissioners out of the running. It
' took ten innings to turn the trick and
' It so happened that the game was the
first extra Inning affair that has been
pulled off at the Eighth street lot th's
season. Score: Los Angeles 2, San
. Francisco 1.
Not a man on either side seemed able
to hit the ball to any extent, although
••Dolly" Gray came through with a
¦wallop over the center-field fence in the
third inning and gave the Angels their ;
lead, which they held with safety till
the fifth.
Then the native tossers began to
ginger up some. Miller bunted a nice
. one down the first base line which
: Gray threw over the first baseman's
'- h« <id and Miller trotted down to sec
• ond. Knell fanned the wind, but Hil
• d-.brand worked "Dolly for a base.
WaWron responded with a drive to left
«•" and the bases were all .occupied.
Meany tore one in the direction of
Chase and the youngster picked up the
ball and threw it perfectly to the plate.
' Eagar was even more eager than his
name implies and in his effort to make
a double play he dropped the ball and
•• Miller registered. It looked good for
a whole lot more, but Irwin popped up
a little fiy to Toman and Hildebraud
was nailed at the plate in an endeavor
to beat the throw in.
. After that inning Gray had his left
tvinsr working right and no one seemed
lei be able to approach within hitting
diPtanoe of his shoots. Knoll was also
t'r.cre a few and held the Angels safe.
With one down in the tenth Flood
fmashed one out squarely to left fic»d
and lost no time in stealing the second
cushion. Smith at this juncture hap
pened along with his drive to the flag
pole and even the shouting was over
'.Then, though San Francisco succeeded
In pottinK Hildebrand as far around
•av- third in its half of the inning, but
no one could brinp him in and tie up
the score again. The score:
San Francisco — I Lcs Angeles —
A.H. R. I!. I'.A. A.P. 11. H. P.A.
Tlildfb.ir 2 «» «• 7 «'T5rnarrt.cf 4 O 0 .1 O
W.il.in.rf 2 O 2 2 <>'F"loo<52b. S 1 1 2 3
i&fjtuy.rt 5 O o 4 O;Smltb.3b S « 1 »• *
1m'in'.::b r. rt «> 1 :j <"r«vth.rf 4 O O 2 O
r,ortoii.<" 4 O 1 5 liRoes.lf.. 5 0 10 0
Masry.lb 4 « O 8 1 ChaM-.lb 4 »» 1 14 1
\ndn.Ib 4 0 O 1 2 Tom an. ss 4 0 2 2 7
•Millfr.ss. 4 10 1 2 Easar.c. 3 O 1 « 1
Krx?ll.p. 4 0 0 1 4JGray,p.. 2 110 2
Total* S4 1 3 3f» 13 1 Totals 36 2 8 29 IS
nr>:g and hits bt innings.
Lo» Angeles O Ol OOOOOO 1 — 2
• Raw hit* « 11J1OIO1 2—8
San FraacUco. .o 00010000 0 — 1
Haee hits 0 OOOM 1 100 0—3
SUMMARY.
Horn* nm— Gray. Stolen bases — Flood (2).
B'.-rnard. lloaf. Krrors — Chase. Miller. Flood.
«Jray. Two-ba.s<» hits — Chaee. Waldron, Smith.
S»crifl~t- ta'-t*' — Bernard. Ha~ar. Waldron. First
• l>a?« on errors — San Francisco 3. Los Angeles 1.
Flirt ba*o on called bails — Off Knell 2, off
<lray 5. L.»ft on bases — San Francleeo 0. Los
Anprles S. Struck out— By Knell 4. by Grar 4.
Pouble play — Toman to Kagar. Time of game —
. Two hours aad ten minute*. Umrtre — Long.
RETAIL GROCERS IX CONVENTION
Continued From Page 7, Column 6.
The State Mining Bureau kept open
house and the visitors were piloted
through the maze of cases to view the
The rooms of the State Board of
Trade with their great exhibit «f Cali
fornia's diversified products were
thrown open to the visitors and the
local reception committee divided it
self into steering committees of one
to show the guests through the State's
display.
ing the ontire scene a touch of beauty
seldom excelled on such occasions. Ap
propriate music was rendered by a
band.
CONVENTION SIDELIGHTS.
Names of Some of the Delegates That
Will Be Placed In Office.
The popularity of Secretary Fred
Mason practically settles the question
as to who will be elected to fill that
important position. The delegates are
virtually a unit on the subject of his
re-election.
Niagara Falls will very likely be
selected as the meeting place for the
convention of 1905, for it has a strong
following, which will picture its beau
ties in such glowing terms that the
delegates will . line up for it with suf
ficient votes to give it the eighth an
nual gathering:. There will be other
cities put forward, but from present
indications they will be among the
"also-ran" class. Cincinnati will make
a plea. Little Rock, Ark., will also ask
Fifth race, four furlongs. — Walter Arnold
won. Enchanter second, Kurtzman third. Time,
:49>4. . • . : . . • • ;
Sixth race, one mile — Olonetz won. Mint
Bed second, Bell the Cat third. Time, 1:43 y t .
Fourth race, Kentucky Derby, mile and a
quarter — Elwood, 117 (Prior). 10 to 1, won;
Kd Tierney. 117 (Domlnlck), 0 to 2, second;
Brancas. 117 (Lyne). 2 to 1, third. Tim*.
2:08%. Prince, Sllverwings and Proceeds also
ran. >. ¦ .
Third race, six furlong*— Henry Bert won,
Mcrltana 6ccond, Jake Greenb?rs third. Time,
1:10.
First race, five and a half furlongs — Waln-a-
Moinen won. Bad News second. Loyal Girl
third. Time, 1:08^4.
Second race, four furlongs — J^arly Lasca won,
Moorish E>air.sel second, Eckstein, third. Time,
:-19.
The field charged iinto the stretch
with Elwood and Brancas almost neck
and neck and Ed Tierney about a half
length away. f Out from the bunch
moved Elwood and Ed Tierney, each
with plenty of speed in reserve, and
from the three-sixteenths pole it was a
duel to the wire, with Elwood first and
Ed Tierney's nose hanging at his
flank. Brancas was only a length
back. Silverwings finished six lengths
behind the winner and three lengths
in front of Proceeds. Results:
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 2.— After a
winter of rest Elwood, C. C. Durnell's
bay colt, came across the continent
and to-day took the most hotly con
tested Kentucky Derby since the fa
mous duel between Proctor Knott and
Spokane. The winner Avas the -longest
priced horse in the race, and the Ten
nessee and Blue Grass contingent
"went broke." Ed Tierney was second
and Brancas third. Time, 2:08 1 / £.
The track was two seconds slow.
Proceeds was the favorite at evens.
Brancas was second choice at 2, Ed
Tierney at 4 and Prince Silverwings
and Elwood at 6 and 10 to 1, respect
ively.
Proceeds took the lead and began to
cut out the pace, with Prince Silver
wings crowding him, and Brancas
third. Ed Tierney and Elwood were
close up. This order was maintained
until the half was reached, where Pro
ceeds had increased his lead to near
ly three lengths. Immediately the fa
vorite began to drop back and Silver
wings moved to the front, Proceeds be
ing drawn into a duel with the Prince,
which lasted to the seven-furlong pole.
The pace slackened, Proceeds begin
ning to tire. Prince Silverwings also
was tiring, and the pair began to slip
back almost at the same instant. When
the mile post was reached Brancas
forged to the front, and Elwood and
Ed Tierney were beginning to
move up.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
ANN ARBOR, Mich., May 2.— Rose,
the California phenomenal shot putter,
to-day smashed his own record of 43
feet 8 inches, made at Franklin Field,
Philadelphia, last month, by hurling
the weicht 4S feet 10 inches.
The mark will not be coknted - as a
record, as It was not made in compe
tition. Rose is improving In his work
daily, and if his present form contin
ues there seems no limit to the* dis
tance the young giant may attain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Knocks Out Home Run Over
.Center Field Fence and
Mystifies Native Tossers
Hundreds of Yelling Stu
dents Inspire Their Team
to Uphold College Honors
Public Backs Proceeds at
Even Money and He Is
a Bad Last at the Wire
Rules Require That to Be
Registered the AVork Must
Be Done in Competition
FAVORITE BEATEN OFF
KOOTERS ARE ALL HAPPY
GKAY IS IX FINE FORM I
WILL NOT BE COUNTED
Los Angeles Nine AVins First
Teii-Inning Contest Played
on Home Field This Year
California Shot Putter Hurls
the Weight Two Inches
Beyond the Old Mark
Oarsmen From University of
California Defeat the Men
of Northern Washington
SMITH'S DOUBLE
ENDS CONFLICT
ROSE MIKES
A NEW RECORD
Great Event of .Blue Grass
Turf Eesults in Inspiring
Duel of Thoroughbreds
OUTSIDER FIRST
IN THE CLASSIC
BERKELEY CREW
WINS IN RACE
ELWOOD TAKES THE KENTUCKY DERBY AFTER A FURIOUS DRIVE THROUGH THE STRETCH
fHE ,. SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, MAYv 3 r 1904.
Electricity and magnetism seem to be
disturbances of the ether Just as wind
and sound are disturbances of the air.
Detective T. L. Ryan arrived yes
terday from Fort Wayne, Ind., with
Walter E. Reed, who was booked at
the City Prison on a charge of forgery.
Reed had been living at 338 Golden
Gate .avenue with M. O. Schellenburg
and on April 11 he is accused of hav
ing opened Schellenburg's trunk and
stolen his overcoat, watch and chain
and bank book. He went to the HI
bernia Bank and representing himself
as Schellenburg drew out $45, signing
Schellenburg's name to the receipt
book at the bank.
10
ADVXBTISEarEUTS. '_-_._^JS:-^
I WOMAN'S PAINS
j Have You Pains and Aches ? *!*g£3S&^
\ Are You Weak and Tired ? Bm^^^^^^^
i rtrenpth and youthful health have f *VJW«K" ?*$fttf^$£ : &
I been worn out? Is your appetite ||3§3pi^I
» friiliiiK. your digestion weak, and KS^ -%«*¦!!»* *vS&&3&£m&
Z do you suffer from constipation, l!^i:^v 4 «§K§BI "
J r>3ir.E in thf abdomen, pains In the pf~'Vf4&%j&2l**
* back ar.d sidep. headaches, sleep- W-*<Lfi$3mPi4^
> lessness .-ir.d otlior evidences of an jf'^SjB^r
) unhealthy condition of the vital *fSSW
I Don't druR for these troubles. Q£ra(\ \
% You arc doing so, and have been *" l fcl5\jr^ / \
B for years, perhaps, and you know %?jCJuSft ,~. \
f 1hnt drups do not remove the {fp^jtft-^ _^h V
f <vuso. thouch you often think they
? lj"lr> you *?:til their effect wears *t|*i >r iTTh ¦ ii^rriWrrffiTnr'rmin i 'i^
9 <>T. You have taken patent medl- \*^Su^l^^^^S^ gsJ '
> clnes «!id felt stimulated for a few . *5P^<^2|i»£VZ|Bj9»
I hie is there yet. "These'drugs are wJfiEfSt-^"*
I mostly alcohol, which stimulates you. and you had better drink whisky
Z than take them. Xature wants help, and they don't' give it. •
* J can Rive you strength — real strength. That is what your weak body
* needs. Electricity is life. If you can pour a pleasant, soothing stream
9 of electricity into your body while you sleep, and can wake up in the'
I morning feeling refreshed and vigorous, wouldn't you cast physic to the
I dogs? I can do that for you.
I I Get Letters Daily From Grateful Women.
\ DEAR SIR— I take pleasure In dropping you a few. lines to let you know how
I crraUy improved I am since I rot your Belt. My headaches have: left me and
I 1 urn gaining in weight. I reel like a different woman and' ana very grateful to
9 you for all the eood your Belt has done me. Tours very truly,
I LOU1SK KING. Commercial Hotel. San Francisco.
* Don't delay trying it. Your future happiness depends on your checking
I this drain upon your vitality, so stop it now and you can be sure of a long
I and vigorous life, full of .the Joys of a healthy vigor.
1 Don't <Jniff.> Iwugs can't cure you, as you know. If you have tried them.
I MyBe.lt cures because it increases your nerve power and vitality. Elec-.
C tricity renews the youthful strength; that cures. If you will call I will
? give you a free test of what. I can do. If you can't call, send- for .my
f beautiful illustrated book, telling about my method. I send it, sealed, free.
* I have 50.000 cures. Call or write to-day. Send this ad.
I Hi* M C TVIrl 9^6 Market St.
I Office Hours;-8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10. to 1. •
The disease which has brought more suffering, degra-
dation and disgrace upon the human race is the same *^t&s-§k
to-day that it was centuries ago. It is called Contagious
Blood Poison, "The Bad Disease," and is given other "=ff*jpr<$3§>|lp.;
names, but among all nations is regarded as' the blackest
and vilest of all human diseases, r It goes from bad to
worse ; the little sores that first appear are soon followed *^\5^* * '
iro^^w^L^^nfl ° f J hC I ™ *¦*** with blood poi.on, and the M
groins swell and inflame, a doctors did mo no Rood, though I took their treat-
red eruption breaks out on the ment faithfully. In f*ct, I ¦«jmed to now wore i
u n ,i*. +u~ ~.~,,f% . i ?!..,.«. all the whilo. I was disheartened, for it seemer.
body, the mouth and throat that T would never be cured. At the adTico of i.
become ulcerated, the hair aud friend I then took S. S. S., and began to improve
•r»'Krnn«^rAnniit oWr1 «,ri« * continued the medicine, and it curod me com-
eye-browS drop OUt, and Ugly p i et ely, buildin* up my health and increasing my
yellow blotches make their appetite. Although thiawas ten years ago, I have
aoDearance and if the disease neTer hm^ a * ign ot tbe dl * eMO to return.
every bone, muscle, tissue and nerve in the body becomes infected with the
poison, and from the roots of the hair, to the soles of the feet there is not a
• - _ _ )— 1_- jii^ sound spot anywhere.' To cure this awful contagion
iC^lC*^ /4CN the blood must first be purified, and nothing will do
V^^AwNyV^S this so quickly and surely as jS. S. S., which, has been
K^r) frfc^lj known for years as an antidote for the poisonous
';^f^- -^*^ virus of Contagious Blood Poison. Mercury and pot-
ash, may check it for a time, but it comes back in a still more aggravated
form. S. S. Si is guaranteed purely vegetable, and $i ,006'is offered for proof
that it contains a mineral ingredient. - Write for bur home-treatment book,
and leanf all about Contagious Blood Poison and how to treat it. ;No charge
for medical advice. „ THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA>
ADVEBTTSEMENTai
LHiiier I Sows. 153 Crosby 5t KY
It's a Case of War
Between t high and low prices and high
class and inferior laundry work. Our
prices are low. our work superior in
color and finish. Wo can knock out any
of our competitors In artistic work and
prices. When you wish genuine satis-
faction In the laundering of your linen
bring It to the United States Laundry.
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
1004 MAXXXT STStET.
T«I«phona South 430.
Weak Men and Women
SHOUU* tTSB DAM1ANA BITTKRa. THB
Great Mexican R*w#«ly; give* health %n*
tirrnxtn, to suual organ*. • Dtpet. ZZi Markti.* Central.
Herschel Mayall was given a de
served ovation last night a^t the Central
Theater. His double impersonation of
"Dr. Jekyll, and Mr. Hyde" was un
doubtedly the most convincing work
done by that able actor during his
Central engagement. His transform-
It Is a pleasure to witness the pro
duction of Arthur W. Pinero'8 "The
Profligate" by the Alcazar's excellent
company. x The play was produced at
the Alcazar for the first time last
night, without a hitch or &' blemish.
The company was admirably fitted to
the characters, and the scenery, espe
cially the loggia of the Villa Coloblano,
was applauded most deservedly. To
add to the effect S. Homer Henley
behind the scenes sang Angelo Masch
eroni's "Glamour" in amorous ac
cents, while hearts were breaking on
the stage and eyes were moist in the
auditorium.
This is a play in which the women
of the cast must shine most luminous
ly or else there must come failure and
disappointment, and the women do
shine — all of them together, Juliet
Crosby and Adele Block being twin
stars of the brightest. Miss Block is
the happy, unsuspecting, bride and the
tragedy and the tears follow swiftly
upon the heels of the smiling honey
moon. There is a betrayed girl among
the central figures, who is personated
by Frances Starr, and, to her credit be
It said, she does not dress In mourn
ing. Marie Howe, the scheming
mamma, Is in her best form in the
character of Mrs. Stonehay. James
Durkin, the profligate Dunstan Ren
shaw, with a shady past, is most ef
fective. Harry Hilltard, the Juvenile;
George Osbourne, the ancient, and
John B. Maher, the burlesque noble
man, fill in the odd corners of the play
most effectively.
Alcazar.
Melbourne MacDowell begran an en
gagement last nigrht at the Grand
Opera-house in a hig-hly creditable pro
duction of Sardou's "La Tosca," which
scored a triumph. MacDowell enacts
the difficult part of Baron Scarpia, In
which he is perfectly at home and
shows the finished actor that he is.
MacDowell plays with a subtle knowl
edge of the actor's art in its smallest
detail, and has surrounded himself with
capable support. Miss Ethel Fuller was
fully equal to the role of Floria^Tosca,
which enabled her to give full play to
her emotional talents. Her scene with
Scarpia In which she finally 'kills the
destroyer of her lover works the spec
tators up to a high pitch of excitement
and earned several curtain calls, which
were profuse throughout the entire per
formance. Robert Elliot gave a virile
Impersonation of Mario, and his love
making with Tosca was a pleasant fea
ture of the piece. The scene where
Mario is tortured by Scarpia to divulge
the hiding place of Angelottl was well
done, and Miss Fuller did some admir
able acting in her endeavor to with
stand the determined efforts of Scarpia
to compel her to betray her lover's
friend. Angelottl was acted intelligent
ly by Jack Webster, and Edmund Quil
linan showed good dramatic training
in the part of Schlarone. Miss Pauline
Willard made a graceful queen and
Miss Nettie Black was acceptable as
Princess Orlonla.
Grand Opcra-House.
STEAMER SAUSALITO ATTACHED.
W. A. Boole & Son filed a libel yesterday
egainet th* ferry steamer Sausallto to recover
$11,568 9S. balance alleced to be due on ma
terials and labor furnished, and $14," S 3S Inter
est, making a total of $11027 36.
Mechanics and Daughters Dance.
Under the auspices of the hall com
mittee of the local circles of the Junior
Order of United American Mechanics
and of the Daughters of Liberty an
invitation social will be given next
Saturday evening in Mission Opera
Hall. There will be an up-to-date
programme of dances.
The airship ¦which Dr. Greth hopes
to send to the St. Louis Exposition to
compete for the $100,000 prize n\ade
another ascent yesterday. It was emi
nently successful. At the start of the
tour Dr. Greth turned the big airship
around and about at will in the still
morning air.
He then decided to start for San
Jose, but unfortunately a key slipped
from one of the propeller shafts and
this compelled him to cut his trip
short. -He thereupon decided to make
a landing, which was effected without
difficulty near the Five-mile House.
The landing: was made without the
slightest damage to the airship or its
machinery.
Slight Mishap to Propeller Shaft Com
pels Inventor to Stop on Ills
Trip to San Jose.
fiRETH'S AIRSHIP LAXDS
-NEAR, THE FIVE-MILK HOUSE
"N* York" is stamped all over the
production of "The Rogers Brothers in
London," given last night at the Colum
bia by the original Gus and Max. We
have had "others. They did not remind
of Broadway. One would have hesi- <
tated to saddle even Milpltas with some |
of the Raymond and Caverly Rogers ;
Brothers stuff that descended upon us i
last season at the Grand Opera-house. |
To say that the R. B.'s have been I
robustly libeled by their local substl--,
tutes is to put the case mildly. It is {
the difference between chalk and ,
cheese, water and wine. It is all !
through the productitm, from come
dians to chorus. As a girl show "The ¦
Rogers Brothers in London" could not i
be bettered. N'or as a gown show. Its \
comedians, though fewer than . with j
the Weberfieldiane, are of the best. \
There are good voices and good stuff ,
for them to sing. The piece itself is {
one sparkle. The Rogers Brothers are |
not in London for nothing. There is [
the English flavor about the piece, bits ;
of quaint, local color— Mr. Coyne is a'!
positively fascinating example. There
are good specialties, the scenes — on
shipboard, in Trafalgar Square, Lon- i
don, and in Slegrel-Coopers, New York — j
are stunningly put forth and the per
formance goes with a snap irresistible.
One has the new thing In Gus and
Max Rorers. They are German com- 1
edians who neither strangle with their \
accent nor depend upon swats on the j
solar plexus. John McNally, who is :
the author of their piece, has furnished ,
them with some brilliantly lively lines,
and they get every ounce coming out
of them. They both sing— Max might
ily, and dance with uproarious com
icality. They. could not be better and
their support is almost as good. Joseph
Coyne, as the lisping Englishman, la
delightful. Lillian Coleman, well
known here for her work at Fischers I
In its earlier days, comes back prettier j
and more vocally tuneful than ever, j
She has' a song that stays in "By the ;
Sycamore Tree," suns with Mr. Moore. \
Neva Aymar is handsome and sufiicient !
to her part and Carrie Reynolds fills In j
usefully. Very funny, too, Is the show I
girl of Melville Ellis. : » : ' :
The piece, in short, is perfect of pro
duction, full of fun never-ceasing. It
was enjoyed by an audience as largo
as the house.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Excellent Acting* and Large
Audiences Characterize the
Attractions Last Evening
GOOD BILLS ALL AROUND
"Bogers Bros, in London"
With Clever Cast and' Act
ing Wins at the Columbia
PLENTY OF FUN
AND GOOD PLAY
: . Judge Kerrigan yesterday gave F.
IT. Hausman judgment . for : $544, the
value; cf .a number of hidea. ?he pes
gessJop.fof which was sued for by "the
L(»KS!iet : Hellwig. Tanning, Company in
an ¦- action: against ;A. V?.- Sm'th, as
trusleeiof, Charles Alpers,* bankrupt^
Hausirani claimed '.that as. intervenor
lie jvasi entitled to ¦¦ possess'o 1 of the
hides, becausethey had' beeh'llleb'aliy
turns d "'-, over , to ' Smith. -
Judgment for Intervenor.
"When; Johnny Comes Marching
Home" entered upon the second week
of its run at the Tivoli last riight be
fore a large audience.:
B. R. Smith, a druggist of Fresno,
is at the Grand.
Dr. John McFarland of Buffalo is
at the St. Francis.
D. ,W. Klrkland, a druggist of Los
Angeles, is at the St. Francis.
Shirley C. Ward,- an attorney of Los
Angeles, is staying at the Palace.
John H. Russell of the United States
Marine Corps is at the St. Francis.
L. A. Thurston, a capitalist of Hon
olulu, arrived at the St. Francis yes
terday.
Alfred H. Wilcox, a prominent young
resident of Los Angeles, is at the St.
Francis.
Dr. T. H. Stice and wife of the Napa
State Hospital are registered at the
California. RRS
W. S, Gage, a well known mining
man of New York, arrived here yester
day and is at the Palace. ;
G. A. ; Parkyns, .assistant general
freight and passenger agent of the
Southern: Pacific Company in Los An
geles, is at the, Palace.
Hon. George Duncan, son. of the late
Earl of Camperdown, and his wife, who
have been visiting the' Yosemite Valley,
returned -yesterday, and are at the St.
Francis.
E. S. Benson, auditor. of the Oregon
Chutes Theater at both performances
yesterday. Mildred Manning, pos
sessed of a pleasing contralto voice,
made her initial appearance, as a
singer of Illustrated songs and made
a hit. Ted McKenna and his perform
ing dog; gave a novel entertainment;
Bowers and Curtiss amused with their
sketch, "Where Is John?" and Flo
Adler, : the - popular " mezzo-soprano,
and her. pickaninny; Mitchell and Love,
"the men who can : make and take a
Joke," and the animatoscope, showing
many new and Interesting moving pic
tures, completed . a „ thoroughly good
programme. The amateurs will ap
pear on Thursday night.
PERSONAL.
.The annual meeting of the Central
Pacific and Southern Pacific Employes*
Mutual Benefit Association was hell
in' the Palace Hotel yesterday. Presi
dent E. B. Ryan and the old board of
directors .were re-elected. V
'Old Officers Re-elected.
A. P. Massey, traveling passenger
agent of the Boston and Maine Rail
road, who was formerly connected with
the Union Pacific office in this city,
arrived from Boston yesterday and. is
registered at the Palace.
E. A. Wiltsee, American representa
tive of the London Venture Corpora
tion Company, arrived yesterday from
New York on business connected with
that concern, -which is heavily inter?
ested In mining properties on the Pa
cific Coast.
O. H. Burnham, the famous architect
of Chicago, who N ls to meet the local
committee of citizens f-rmed for the
purpose of beautifying San Francisco^
arrived here yesterday and is at the
St. Francis. He will be given a ban
quet this week by the citizens, whom
he will address on questions relating to
their, plans.
Railroad and Navigation Company,
and wife, who have been touring: the
Orient, returned yesterday on the
steamship China and are at the St.
Francis.
The Chutes.
Queen, Stowe and Diamond, comedy
acrobats and ' dancers, pleased ''. audi
ences that taxed the capacity of the
ation scenes were remarkable, not only
for the lightning changes from Jekyll
to Hyde and vice ver8a, but for the
completeness of the metamorphosis,
making -Hyde~ the hideous, uncanny
antithesis to the- lovable and attrac
tive Jekyll; and his acting exhibited a
fine repression in Jekyll and a chilling
and terrifying power in Hyde. It was
distinctively a Mayall night at the
Central,' and. a dozen thunderous
curtain calls, not to mention
numerous floral ,¦ : pieces, were en
thusiastic acknowledgments of a
worthy artistic achievement. May
all's "Dr. . Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" is an
Intense study in strong contrasts, and
Is. both fearsome and fascinating. The
Central -Theater, has never seen a more
effective portrayal. The piece is a hit.
Marked f Interest ¦¦ also ; was shown last
night . in the two new members of i the
company, James H. Montgomery, com
edian, and Olive G. Skinner, soubrette,
both of whom made their first appear
ance' in' this city. Mr. Montgomery has
a pleasing stage presence • and an
agreeable ". voice,' and ; Miss Skinner '¦" is
blithesome and pretty and was per
fectly at home In an ingenue role. -
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3, 1904.
11
WHY NOT TRY
Highland
1FYOUARECOI\CTOTHE
Springs
VVE OFFER YOU THE BEST OF MINERAL
~~ waters, accommodations and service.
Table unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All th/> pooular sports and amusements. Liv-
ery, telephone and postoffice.
Shortest route and cheapest fare to Lake
County. Most centrally situated. Delightful
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now.
TERMS— $10 to $17 50 per week. For Book-
let, etc.. call on our ogent. H. R. DUFFIN.
C3S Market street, or address
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs, Cal.
VACATION 1904
IS NOW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION.
"VACaYiON" is issued an-
nually by the .
California Northwestern R'y
TEE PICTURESQUE ROUTE 07 CALIFORNIA
. . ar.d Is the standard publication
a>on the Pacific Coast for Informa-
tion regarding
MIMERAL SPRING RESORTS,
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This year's edition. "Vacation
1904," contains over ISO pases,
beautifully Illustrated, and Is
complete In its detailed lnforma-
, . tlon as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc., j with
terms from $7.00 per week up.
To be had at Ticket Offices, 630 Market
Street (Chronicle Building), and Tlburon Ferry.
foot of Market Street; General Offlce. Mutual
Life Building, corner of Sansome and California
Streets. San Francisco; la Oakland at 872
Broadway.
Applications by Stall Will Becebr* Im-
mediate Response.
H. C WHITING. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN..Cen'l Pass'r Agent.
[camp gurry]
;; Opens May 7. :;
| YOSEMITE j
S E I G L E R ' Springs
Natural Hot Baths, Positive cure^for rhen-
matlsm. asthma. Wonderful waters for liver,
kidney and all stomach troubles. Swimming
pond, gymnasium, Orchestra. Hard-finished
rooms. - Fare $9 return trip. Klectrlc lights.
Arsenic beauty baths. Dairy. Rates $10 to $12
per week. Baths and amusements free. Address.
H. H. UcOowan, prop., Selgler, Lake Co., Cal.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINUS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Spring*,
via Laicport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and -'Uartlett Spring?. Stages connect with
trains at Hcpland. Leave .Hopland at 12:30;
arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New 0-horse 14-passenger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Ban-
let*. Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springj
Stage Line. Tickets csn be purchased at offlc*
of California N. W. Ry.. 650 Market st.. or
at Tiburon ferry.
& HOWARD. Props.
WHITE SXJI.PHUB SPBXITOS, Vallejo,
Cal. — Most accessible springs to San Francisco;
round trip $1. no stage fare; only 2H hours'
ride- 5 tnilea from Vallejo; hot. cold f and
plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lake
for boating and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowling alley and shuffle board. Rates,
$10 a week. Including batha. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo, Cal. ' . y
Own SQiier Mm 5 f sssssi M CB : CamnMeeter
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling flO
up; cottages built by Meeker, $50 up; depot;
ttores; restaurant; hotel; post and express;
telephone;. sawmill; 1*00 lots sold; 300 cottages
built. Sausallto ferry. N. S. R. R. ¦-. M. C.
MEEKER,. Camp Meeker, Sonoma County."
REDfiCHntU Delightfully situated in the
DCnUjllLiJl Santa Crua Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $S per' week. For circulars address O.
F. BIEDKN WEC. R. D. 121. Santa Crux. Cal.
CAZADERO
The Oera of All Northern Betreats.
Grove, Forest. Glade and Dell.
Crest, Canyon. Hill and Sal*.
EnoU, Knob. Peak and Mountain.
The home of the trout and the haunt of the
deer. Reached over the North Shore Ry., via
Saunallto Ferry.
A year ago I leased this resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure to
tell you that, owing to last season's big and
unprecedpnte«l patronage, I have purchased this
magnificent domain of over 120O acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop,
ertlcs. Insuring the beet of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new bulldinir containing a bowling alley has
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
Ing and biithlns on the river, all free to guesta.
Free camping-grounda in the Cazadeii> giant
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rules must bo complied with.
Lets, one-qaarter acre, for sale, from $100
up. and cottages built to suit at city figures.
Take Sausalito Ferry via North Shore Rail-
road. Round trip, good for six months, |3 73.
Round trip. Friday till Monday. *3: no stag-
Ing; depot on thf ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages. $2 rer day: $10 to $14 per week; spe-
cial rate by the month.
For particulars other than herein given writ*
J. J. THIRION. owner and manager. Hotel d«l
Cazadero, Sonoma Co., Cal., or North Shore
R. R. office, 626 Market »t.. San Francisco.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guerneviile In a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting: the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats: will build a dam In the river; 4 miles
of smooth water fcr boating and bathing.
Adults $2 per day, ?10 per week; childrea
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fami-
lies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
PIUS. Camp Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County. Cal. .
HOTEL RQWARDENNAN
"IS THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Crua County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Will cpea May 15th under entirely new man-
agement. Round 'rip tickets from San Frar.-
citco i-1.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery st.. fa. F.. or to WILLIAM it.
DODGE. Lessee.
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health and pleasure
rescrt is cow ooen for the patronage of U>e
public Address. JOHN JACOBS.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively Improved eince last season.
Opens April 1. THOS. U BELL. Mgr., Felton.
Cal. Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
foot cf Market street. Round trip, $3.00.
LOS GATOS.
HOTEL LYNDON — Modern Improvements,
extensive grounds; popular amusements; lawa
tennis, croquet; climate unsurpassed. Opposite
depot. J. P. MOGENSON. Prop. -
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
GSA1TD CETTTRAL HOTEL;
Felton. Cal. Ratea reasonable.
MRS. 1. N. HATE3.
N. S. R.R. TOCrtLOmrt JUriaCj.
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
special rates for families and parties; fishing,
hunting boating, bathing; beautiful drives to
Bear Valley; telephone. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Bulletin Offlce, every Thursday. 2
to 4 p. m.
rrscADESO.
Swanton House, under -new management,
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebble
beach, fishing, hunting. * sea bathing. Phone.
Rates. $8 and $10 per week, G. C LUCE.
Proprietor.
LIJTDNER'S PASX, Guerneville.
A resort for your family. Partly furnished
cottages, (12 per month and up. Tents an<l
platforms. Near Russian River. Board and
room at $7 60 per week. «ee PECK'S, li
Montgomery st. _____________^^__
LAUEEIi DEI.Ii.
The Switzerland of America. The only lake
resort that has its own mineral springs. Boat-
ing, shimming, flshlng and hunting. EDGAR
DURNAN. «ole proprietor. Laurel Dell P. O..
Lako County. Cal.
HARBIN SPRINGS — Most desirable in Lake
Co.; contain sulphur, iron, magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, paralysis, dropsy, kidney, liver and
fitomacb troubles; new gymnasium, bowling
alley, handball court and billiard room.' Round-
trip tickets. S. P. offlce, $& J. A. HAYS. Prop.
OUHTAIS VIEW EAJICH KOTSIi
and cottages, in the mountains, near Santa
Crui. First-cla^s table and accom.. gas, baths,
phone, dally mall bowling, croquet, amuse-
ments; terms. $9 up. Campers to Glenwocd. Inc.
carriage. $3 T5 round trip. FRANK R. DANN.
Santa Cru*. Frederlcksen A Button. Managers.
EEDWOOD TOU RESOBT.
Excellent board, hotte cooking; tent ground.
If desired, with board. $3. Room and board $9
tj $10. Best bunting and fishing. MRS. A. L.
ACKERMAN. La Honda. San Mateo County.
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully located in
redwoods. 5 miles from Santa Cruz. Spring
water fruit, milk, excellent table: dally mail;
free conveyance; $7 week; phone Suburban S7.
MRS. W. CRANDELL. Santa Crua. CaL
BEI.I.EVUE HOTEIi, SI Verano, So-
noma Co., Cal Terrr.!*, $1 day and up; hot
mineral springs near by. Long distance tele-
phone; daily mall. JOHN SERRES. Proprietor.
jo^gE^tA MEN AND WOMEN.
<58S3y? i <XJUEi5 lS vJ''l CieBiiOfornnnatarM
/R*^T^n lui <.nlJ diichtrires.lnflanisiiiUoni.
JE&dr Owutecl Vj Irritations or ulcarttioa*
ft*»Jj b«( la tulatar*. of mucous membrtQM.
Tl hfiwk Caataftoa. Palalsts, and not utria- ,
PTIlTHEETlisCHtWtCilCa. g»nt or pci^onons.
%#<& Cl.TClXSJlTl.e.PSr!! Sold by DrugzisU,
jUBSSm^ by expr««ii. prepaid, lot
»1.00. or3bottl«s$3.7».
¦• -^jyjjjjj^i^y m circular sect on twtasst.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE
GREAT
_ \ _ - _ v_
* Ks^V w\ T^L mm W tj QS
SHOWS
The Circus
Beautiful
TO-OAY AND TO-NIGHT, A l^Z?
Under Mammoth Tents,
Corner Eleventh and Market Sts.
Admission: Adults, 50c; Children, 25c
TENTS PERFECTLY WATERPROOF.
STREET PARADE AT 10 A. M. TO-DAT.
I Ti\/oi row*
! 1 VUU HOUSE.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY
POSITTVELT LAST BIX NIGHTS
Of the Spectacular Military Comic Opera
WHEMJOHMiMYCOMES
MARCHING HOME
NEXT MONDAY NIOHT
The I A * Nights
25iS? [RUNAWAY %£ aoa
Comedy «-^-J Q , R L p-^-J
I I New York
PRICES — 25c, 60o, 75c
Box and Mezzanine Seats, $1.00.
A BIG NEW SHOW!
Savis. Macauler and Company; M. T.
Dumond's Parisian Minstrels; Sisters
Gasch; Hal Merritt; Brandow and Wi-
ley; Lew Sully; La Petite Adelaide;
'Wilfred Clarke and Company, and Or-
pneom Motion Pictures, Showinr the
LAUNCHING OP THE CALIFORNIA.
Regular Matlneee Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 20c I
and 50c ¦
COLO kvsOi A SbbTS
IMMENSE OVATION.
FIRST TIME ZXT SAN FKAHCZSCO.
SWIFTEST PUN SHOW OH EAETH.
KLAW and ERLANGER Present "'-'
S1QGE8S
<Themselves) -
In John J. McNally'B Latest Vaudeville Farce,
' -THE ROGERS BROS. IN LONDON."
Most Elaborate Vaudeville Farce Production
Ever Made. 110 — Entertainers— 110.
Nightly, including Sunday. Mat. Saturday.
OAKLAND .AMUSEMENTS.
TE IOBJBBTY PtAYHOTTSE
OAKLAND'!) NEW THEATER.
THIS WEEK— ;—
JAMES NEILL
In "A GILDED FOOL."
25c, 50c and 75c See Bishop's Revolving Stage.
Pfllarp -bbirt fail to
taiaVW ,ee th« beaudftd
j COURT lounging
afln room, the EMPIRE
aUI1 PARLOR, thi
r J PALM ROOM, tho
Iff/tftU LOUIB.XV PAR-
U J. 1 DIES' WRITINO
Hotels RooM - -
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT
: : THIS WEEK ONLY
TO-NIGHT Ia
• || n SARDOU'S
• 111 Hi Famous Play
MELBOURNE La
. MacGQWELL Tosca
Next Monday Night— "CLEOPATRA."
Popular Prices— 16c. 25c. f>f»c 75c.
CALIFORNIA
.* J&3 —TO-NIGHT— s^^
- Sf. • The new problem play.
j TOM'S I
GIFT I
By D. T. CALLAHAN. y
A Etory '¦* divorce. f|
E3CTKA R
.H NEXT BUKDAT NIGHT. H
*1 The great IVnman Thompson comedy, m
'. ¦ J OTTB xrxrw miutstee.. m
' 3 The best j<lav and the best com- t
J r-any to visit the coast this season. Jg
• m The famous original all-star Cast, In- m
' IRo!u<5irg rmest Hastings. H
~L™r
General Manager.
. * . TQ-NICHT— MATS. SAT. ANP BUN.
r A rOWERFUL DRAMA., ;.
I By ARTHUR I
| Hz I W. P1SER0 I L
; I PROFLIGATE.
FIRST TIME AT THE ALCAZAR.
Evg.. 27<c to 75c: Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 35e to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— First San FrancUeo Pro-
• duction cf the Exrrediruily Funay Comedy,
: • . ' THE TWO SCHOOLS.
•As originally played at the Madison Square
Theater, New Tork.
Market Street, near Eighth: Phone South 638.
TO-NIGHT — ALL THIS WEEK.
MATTNEKP KATI.RDAT AND SUNDAT.
The Celebrated Drazna,
DR. JEKYLL
AND MR. HYDE
. , HERSCHEL MATAI^L.
•' in the Famous Dua] Role.
First Appearance Jn ThU City of
JAMES H. MONTGOMERY
and OLIVE G. BKINNER.
' POirP^ Evenings 10c to BOc
. I iUWLO Matinees 10c, 16c. 25c
j?EZT-"TEE TEHEE MUSKSTE£BS. N
/. Pure Food
Industrial
Expos It ion
MECHANICS' PAVILION '
- - APRIL 30 to MAY 15.
' CONCERTS DAT AND NIGHT BT BEN-
NETTS CONCERT BAND.
BOtTVENIR FANS TO ALL CHILDREN.
• . OPEg STTITPATB.
- FLO ADLER
JLnA a Great Show Every Afternoon and
Evenlxur ia the Theater.
TAKE A IUDE ON THE
MINIATURE ELECTRIC RAILROAD
£>w<;ralda and ner UABY MONKEY in the
"' VISIT THE MTSTIO' MIRROR MAZE.
INHPKGT CABARET LIE LA MORT.
' AMATEUS BTGKT THUESDAT.
Admission, 50c; ChSKJnn, 0c.~^»-
. Wbcn Phoning, Atk lor "The Chu*«.*»
. •— — _ _ ->^ " " " -— —
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
"NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
Racing each week day, rain or shine, except
Monday. May 2. Season closes Satur-
day. May 7.
• Six or More Kaces Daily.
Race* commence at 2:16 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
• 6. P F«"rry. Toot cf Market street, at 12. 12:^3,
*.l':00," 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No crooking In last two
cam! which are reserved for ladies and their
«.i r ,,rt b.
Returning train* leave track at 4:10 and
"4 :4i and iromed lately after the last race.
THOMAS 21. WILLIAMS. President.
*PEKCY W. TREAT. Secretary. •
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
SEMBRICH
Assisted by Rudolph Ganz. pianist.
. 2 CONCERTS ONLY 2
'alhambra theater.
NEXT THURSDAY NIGHT. MAT 5th.
NKXT SATURDAY MATINEE,. May 7th.
heats, %3 and f2. Box Scats. $3.50.
Now on Bale at Khermsn. Clay & Cb.'«.
I Bartlett
! More people have been benefited by
-, a sojourn at Bartlett Springs than at
;j any other mineral springs resort on
. , the coast.
A resident physician looks after. the
I health of the'gnests.
i : A general manager of amusements
. . Is In charge of the social department.
I 1 An old and reliable hunter and his
ij dogs for the use of those who enjoy
' i hunting.
: . Competent masseurs in charge of
' j the baths.
'[ A good table, and all kinds of
amusements.
I Rates— Hotel, SI H.OO to 817.50
] per week: Housekeeping Cottages,
! S3.0O to glft.OO a week.
i Write J. E. McMAHAN. Bartlett
¦ Springs, Cal., or call at 2 Sutter St.,
San Francisco. -
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs san ll £,? bl!P0>
The most Ideal resort for pleanre and
i health on tht Pacific Coast. Buy round
i trip ticket from San Francisco to San
I Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. San LajIs
! Oblspo. Cal.. and return, including stags
1 to and from springs and one week'*
; board' for S2O.OO to 822.OO, according
to location of rooms, or board and a-coro-
modations $iMK> to $12.00 per week.
Scenic surroundings, free bathing,
boating and flshlng on grounds. Fine
chady walks, tennli and croquet rrounds,
Oancf pavilion for guests. Fin* sea
beach one mile from Hot Snlphur Springs
Cottages and furniture are all new. Oat
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table is well supplied with the best the
markel affords. Our stsge meets trains
arriving at S'nn Luis Obirpo at 8:10 p. m
every day (except 6unday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
Ol/il/'/^O HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
UA/f 17(7U COUNTT : only 4H hours
w " w from San Francisco and
! m ~ mmmmmmmm ~ mm but 0 miles staging; wa-
ters noted foi- medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State; boating and
swimming In Warm Spring Creek; good trout
strtams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
j papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
! SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
I round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
j Tlburon ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
: Rates $2 h day or $12 a week. References, any
j guert of the past/ nine years. Patronage of
! 1903 unprtcedented. Information at Tourist In-
i formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery st. or of
j J. F. MULOREW. Skagcs, Cal. "
! SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, flshlng,
boating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser in bathhouse, club-
house, etc.. Increased accommodations, mod-
, era conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed. Table
! a specialty. Rates per week. $10 to $15. Photon
and Information at Chat field & Vlnsent'a, 223
Montgomery St., or addrees E. Jane Gardiner
(formerly manajrer Tamalpals Tavern), Soda
Bay, Kelseyvllle P. P., Lake Co.. Cal. [
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Extensive improvements thle year. A new
spring found which will effect more cures In a
day than the other waters In a week; 15 miner-
al springs. We guarantee cure for dyspepsia
kidney, liver, stomach, rheumatism, blood, skin
diseases, etc. $10 to $16 per week. Information
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.. or J. r.IAR-
TENS, Batchelor P. O., Lake County, Cal.
PAPK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, Cal.
Under new management. Up to date. Beau-
tiful grounds. Running stream and- pond with
pood flshlng. Playgrounds for children. Free
carriage meeta all trains. J. P. CELLA,- Mgr.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats: excellent table; climate per-
fect: 16 miles from Truckee. in an unbroken
forest. Information at Traveler office, 80 Mont-'
gomery street, or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS,
_ Truckee, Cal. •
VICHY SPRINGS
Three miles from Uklah, Mendocino County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths
. Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal
spring; accommodations and table first class.
J. A. REDEMETER, Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. Two miles from Hopland.
.Tine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Ratee $10 to $12 per week.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswlck, Slsklyou County. California.
Write to EPSON BROS, for Booklet.
OCCIDENTAL HOTEL, RAYWABDS,
First-class : resort; tennis. • croquet/ bowling,
amusement hall, eto. Special rates to families
Terms reasonable. A.GAUDARD. Prop., phono
Black 141. . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
was the first maker
of sticks of soap for
sHaving. Sticks in 3
sizes; shaving cakes
in 3 sizes.
. Fears' Soap established over ios years.
THE GEYSERS
Tlio Most Famous Health and Pleasure
Resort In California.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERT are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged the
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting, fishlrrg.
dancing, shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL, AND COTTAGES, have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable In connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with the best the
market affords. Rates. $10. $12. $14 and Jlfi
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRT. Prop. The Geysers,
: - Sonoma County. California.
Agua Cal iente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
ye3r round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115- degrees; no
staging; fere$l 10; sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank In tho State. TaWe and reams are first
Clara. Rates $2 per Jay. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to ramtlles and hair rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Callente
Srrlng*. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can reat 400 guests.
Situated In Vendxme Park of 12
. acres, a charming summer resort: ;
both city and country advantages;
automobile garage on the grounds
free to ruests. Bathing pavilion,
bowling alleys, tennis, eta New
auto road map of th« \ ,
county mailed od ap- - m B9?f '¦ i !
Ideal summer resort, hunting, boating, fish-
ing." Music' every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O WEISMAN.Midlaks P. O.,Lake county.Cal.,
or call on Dr. Happersberger. 11O4 Market. S. F.
PARAISO SPRINGS
California.
The leading summer resort of Cali-
fornia. Hot soda and sulphur baths.
Excellent table. Concert by Bro-
haska's Band every day. Send for
beautiful booklet and rates to
> r. W. SCHBOEPEB, Mgr.
PI S3 ADI/ ISlfrOT
|^Ani\ lp|Lol
|h| KR3. C. fei K? CDD11IPC
III JDERGINSEN fQ 01(11111)0
Will manage the springs; many improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day: $12 week. Offlce MS Larkin St., or
Mark West Springs. Santa Rosa. Rural No. B.
LAKE COUNTY
New, comfortable carriages direct to the
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line in the State. Leaves Calls-
toga daily (Sundays excepted) at 11:40 a. m.,
direct to Harbin, Selgler. Adams, Howard, An-
derson, Hobergs, Spiers, Astorgs and Glenbrook;
half hour for lunch at Callstoga; also to Mid-
dletown. Lower Lake, Kelseyville and Lakeport.
Livery In connection. WM. SPIERS, Prop.
EjJSSSPBJBtSX HP pr i%j *"p Caj,
BKa* X^BEBH AwnlngfB, Hammocks,
&amEs3g2£5[51 W. A. FIiTJMMSB.
Tel. Main 649, 111 Clay st.
JOHANNISDERG.
New. hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
Ing; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLAXCK-
ENBURG JR., Prop., Oakville, Napa Co.^or
INFORMATION -BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved; 1000 feet altitude; oo
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot. cold baths; spring, water; cement
swimming tank, 40x80. Rates $4 week up; stage
meets train. Schuler & Scheben. Napa. Cal.
IIOWELL MT., WOODWORK'S W. &
No tog. Purest spring water. Climate natural
tcnlc and invlRorator. Residence CO years. $7
tier week. Wood worth & Muller. St.Helena.Cal.
QUAIIiHTJBST — In the Santa Cruz
Mountains. Terms mod*rate; no Invalids. ApJ
ply to F. E. BEECHER, Wrights. ,Cal.
•> . ADVERTISEMENTS.
1M lightful ride through nature's park. One hour's g|THE SAN- FRANCISCO ;r CALL, TUESDAY, ; MAY 3, 190C
12
FLATS TO I'ET— -CoBtlnae^^^
FTAT^aTgr^mTa^oTbath: SE. cor ¦•*<£;•
and Broadway; good marine view; sun au pay.
MASO.VIC ave.. 1317-1323— Elegant, sunny, up-
to-date flats near park.
SANCHEZ. 342 near lfith— Modern Cat of 4
rooms and bath: rent $20: adults.
$22 50— MODERN sunny middle flat: 5 room*
and bath. 1431 Broderick st. near Post.
Kr.ATM TO LET—F V RX»HE P.
PAGE. 1701 — Sunny middl? fiat of 7 rooms and
, bath: present tenant will sell all carpets and
complete kitchen furnishings at a great sac-
rifice; carpets nearly new; flne neighborhood.
R. D. CRANSTON A SON'S. 114 Montgomery.
$25 — FURNISHED four-room sunny cottag*
with piano; In the Mission. McEWEM
BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
POLK. 14CT— Nice sunny Cat; bath, gas; soJt-
ahle 4 persona: reasonable: no children.
l'LATS FOR SALK— FUItNISHED.
EDDY. 867— Desirable flat for rent; open thre»
days: kitchen floor linoleum, gas rauss; in-
stantaneous heater for sale.
$200 WILL buy almost new furniture of a 8v»-
room modern sunny flat S27O Twentieth St..
rear Folsom. ¦
HYDE. 407— B-room. flat bath, tor MJe,
FURMTX'RE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture. stov«a> aa<]
household goods: flats bought. Mission Auc.
House. 429-439 Valencia; UL Church 337».
yUltMTIRE WAXTKP.
______
Salesroom. 1133 Market at TeL Jess!* 701.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
nlture. etc. until yon get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY _ CO. pay highest prlc* for fur-
nlture. carpeto. etc. 782 Mission :tel. Bush 4tf7.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furai-
ture. carpets, etc.; tel. Larkln 3631. 634 EIUs.
B. T. SCHELL. 2412 Mission, tel. Church 5370.!
pays best prices for furniture, carpets, etc.
2 COOKS, small hotel, country $3O-$5«
Cook, restaurant Oakland »33
3 cooks, German families $30- $35
» cooks. American families $30-435
Assist delicatessen, no Sunday work $23
Housework. 3 family, no washing. Robs
Valley $30
Chamberwork, country hotel, ¦hort dis-
tance- , $29
Second girl. Oakland, some mendlnr $*>
Second girls, city $2O-$22 S0-*23
Nurse. 2 grown chlldran. country $30
3 nursegirls, city $13-$20-$23
Maid, sleep home ..........$3O
Chamberwork. private family....'. $23
Chamberwork. city hotel $1T
Nurse. 2 children, San Rafael $23
Nurse for a home Institution $20
44 general housework girls $20-$23-$30
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., S3* Sut-
ter «t
A NT7RSE for Philippines. $20. expanses paid;
lady can be personally Interviewed to-day at
11 o'clock sharp.- MISS PLCNKETT. 423
Sntter st.. near Powell.
A LAUNDRESS and chambermaid for small
American family. $30; an Infant'* nurse for
city. $30: a nurse, 2 children. Oakland $30;
a cook for small family, $33; a waitress to
assist chamberwork. hotel. $20; a cook for
small boarding-house- In city. $33; 40 house-
work girls can get work to-day at $25 a
month. MISS PLUNKETT. 423 Eutter. St..
near Powell.
A— 4 "WAITRESSES, country hotel. $25 and
$30; also pantry girl. $20. cm party 8:30
o'clock; cook. $40: waitress. priYate family.
$30; nurse. $30; houseglrl. two In family.
$30; cook and second girl. Grass Valley. $33
and $20. MR3. NORTON. 313 gutter st.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying Iettem
at hom*. evenings or spar* time and return
to us; no mailing or canvassing; $3> weekly
earned; materials free; Inclose self-addre»s»d
envelope- for particulars. Guarantee- Cb.,
No. S 4 Ninth st. Philadelphia, Pa.
A — WANTED — Glxls to learn hairdresstnff,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those- entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading acsool la
West 233 Geary st. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finis's
. In 1 month for $13; positions a* trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc 1233 Mar-
ket st. cor. Jones, room 94: positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
WANTED— Bright, active youns lady (39
bust) as assistant to traveling party making
St. Louis Fair and the East: some experience
as saleslady preferable. Box 1S3S. Call.
EXPERIENCED demonstrator, man or lady:
also solicitor: permanent positions. 1233
Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED — Flrst-class waist hands. 1S14
Bush st
GERMAX or Swedish girl to assist with general
housework. * 1209 Fulton st. * .
VEST hands, also who can make buttonhole*.
t>41 Va Stevenson st
PANTS finisher; also apprentice, paid whlla
learning. 410 Kearny st, room 2.
GIRL wanted In confectionery; references r»-
quired. 905 Larkln st. : t , . . '
WANTED — A girl to do general housework s_4
cooking; wages $20. 739 McAllister st
WANTED— Waitress. 2S8 First it.
PANTS finishers wanted. 156 New Montgom-
ery st.. room 14.
MUSICIAN — Cornet player for the springs;
ma'.« or female. Apply 741A Howard st.
A— GERMAN or Danish girl; a^xxi cook. 2217
Sacramento st
"WAIST hands and Improvers wanted. 1407
Laguna st
TALENTED 'amateur performers] Apply at
Chutes. 6 p.m. Wednesday; salary no object
EDUCATED American woman with knowledge
of business method? to train for vacancy;
permanent. Box 1907, Call.
EXPERIENCED finishers and sewers on panta
wanted; good pay. Apply 226 Seventh st.
upstairs.
WANTED — A woman, age 43 or 5O years, to •
keep house. Inquire at 180ft Sacramento st.
WANTED — A girl for- chamber and laundry
work. Apply bet. 10 and 2, 2080 Pacific ave.
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting;
wages $25. Apply at 469 Ellis st.
TWO assistants in ballroom dancing. Apply
-Prof. Flndlay, 3443 17th St.. near Valencia.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1CCS Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 o. m.
HELP WASTED UAI__
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY. "*"
14 Third st.. near Call bldg.; phone Bush 408
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
25 teamsters. $67 50 a month.
13 laborers. $eo a month.
10 drillers, rockmen. hammersmen. $75.
Edgerman. redwood. $63 a month and board.
2 men to cut pine wood. 4 feet. $1 25 cord
FOR THE SAWMILLS.
4 lumber pilers, $3 a day.
Tail edgerman. $4<> month and board.
4 swampers. $33 month and board.
4 lumber pliers and yardmen. $33 month and
board.
4 mill hands. $3T~- month and board.
Man for bander and planer machine, sash and
door factory, East $3 a day.
CAL. EMP. AQKNCY. 14 Third »t.
JANITOR for Institution. 125 found; farmer
/ and wife. $15, see boss. In city to-day 8
farmers. $1 25 day and board; milkers. $3«>
and $35 and ?4<> and board: ranch black-
smith $45 and board; Jobbing blacksmith
and sho*r. $3 day: 1 wagonmakers. $2 rx>
and S3 day: machine men. $3 day man"
about place. $35 and found: 2 teamst— tj $0o
and board; assistant gardener, ,$25 and
found; stablemen. bugsywasher3, coopera
cooks, waiters, dishwashers an<) others 1
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. Z '
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY. ""
95 THIRD ST. Telephone Main &521
City work. City work. City work
Pick and shovel men. $2 23. rK * .
Coopers. Coopers. Coopers. Cooners.
Near city, piece work, steady job.
Man to handle gentle stallion. Nevada r»V
found. . .
Woodchoppers. fir and pine, $1 5O per cord
Teamsters. Nevada, $2 23; laborers Ne- '
vada, .«2. ...... .
Railroad teamsters. El Dorado Co . 12 2fi
EMPLOYMENT AV ANTED — FEMALE.
TWO competent Swedish girls, cook and sec-
ond girl, wish work In American family. 7-»
Gough St.* ¦- . '
RESPECTABLE- woman wishes position as
working housekeeper for small family; coun-
try preferred. Box. 1965, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress; $l ; 50 day; no postal* answered. MJ
Minna st. bet. Sixth and Seventh. •
DRESSMAKING— A perfect fitter and trimmer
wants engagements; $1 00 per day. 1006 Lar-
kin st. near Post
DRESSMAKING in families by an experienced
dressmaker in all kinds of sewing; no objec-
tion to goins a short distance In the country;
terms moderate. Box 1S2*3. Call. '
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman as
traveling companion or nurse to one going
East via St Louis: references exchanged.
Address box 1833. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a situa-
tion doing general housework: good cook;
not afraid of work; country preferred. 143
Third st. room 22.
WOMAN wants situation to do houiework and
washing from 8 to 3 o'clock. 1 Winter lane,
Mason st.. near Union.
MIDDLE aged lady desires position aa nouse-
keeper on ranch or country hotel. Box 1840.
Call office. _ j
EXPERIENCED saleslady wants position la
candy store; best references. Addresi MISS
BLYDE. 1460 Jackson st. City.
SWEDISH woman wanta work by the day;
cleaning and washing: $1 60. 82 Ninth «t,
between Market and MUsion.
RESPECTABLE woman, without lneumbrance,
wishes position in center of city; light house-
work. Box 1935. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER want« position : ten y««ra*
experience In New York City. Box 1T87. C*H.
VEST hands, also who can make buttonhole*.
641% Stevenson st. \* v -.
COOK vtihea situation In a nice family. 1123
Laguna st.
JAPANESE girl wants situation in good fam-
ily to do plain cooking and housework. A. B.
C.,. 639 Stevenson st
JAPANESE girl wants a situation to do plain
cooking and general housework. 2006 Polk »t
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan Sc Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — 3IALE.
MAN speaking 6 languages desires position as
Interpreter or courier to Europe; traveled
principal cities In Europe. M., box 1945,
Call office.
A YOUNG man recently from the East would
like a situation; has had good experience In
the dry goods business. Box 1943, Call.
SITUATION' wanted— Coachman; English (33);
single; stranger here; Chicago references.
Box 1949. Call office. •
A YOUNG man. Swede, wants position on a
private place or hotel. Box 1967, Call office.
YOUNG married couple desire position! In sum-
mer resort, woman as chambermaid, man as
night cltrk or bellboy; best of references.
Bex 3674. Call office.
GOOD all-around man wants position In pri-
vate place; understands care of horses, gar-
den; good driver: can milk; good references.
Box 3C54. Call office.
MARRIED couple, young, man flrst-class
coachman, wife good plain cook, or house-
work; city or country; city references. Box
1828. Call office.
GERMAN, married, strictly sober and reliable,
speaks English and French, wants Job as
bartender; to learn American methods. Ad-
dress . G. S., 18 South Park.
SITUATION wanted as chauffeur to party
leaving for St. Louis; competent mechanic
and experienced driver; steam or gasoline.
Box 1958, C§11 office.
A GARDENER, experienced In flowers, green-
houses and vegetables, can milk and drive,
wants position; beat of references given.
Box 190S, Call.
WANTED — A sosltlon for a good boy. 16
years, German descent. In office or wholesale
house, or factory. Please address box 1961,
Call office.'
STEADY, reliable young man, 22. desires po-
sition as driver of delivery wagon, or as-
sisting in .wholesale house; references. Box
1918, Call office. .
YOUNG Danish married man wishes place In
private family; city or country; good hand
around horses. Inquire WM. "WESTER-
GARD, 612 Taylor st.
A SOBER. •Industrious man. good worker.
• thoroughly acquainted with city, wants po-
sition in business house or to drive. wagon;
good references. Uox 3250, Call office. . j, ¦
POSITION by a flrst-class gardener (single);
competent In all Its branches, and beet of
reference: wages expected. Address Gardener.
292 Valencia »t ' .-'.'¦. '
EXPERIENCED accountant desires position as
head bookeeper or office manager; locg ex-
perience as systeml2er and auditor; best ref-
erences. . Box 3122. Call office.
DRIVER wishes sttuatlon of any kind; steady
and reliable; well acquainted with the city;
betn with one firm 6 years. Box 3671, Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, 18 years' ex-
perienee, wants position or work at horns;
good designer and detaller. Box 1S03. Call.
! WATCHMAKER, flrst-class. with full s«t of
tools, wants situation; no objection to coun-
try. Apply by letter. V. P.. box 1791. Call.-
SITUATION wanted aa valet or Indoor aenr-
ant; English: middle-aged; references. W.,
box 17SS. Call office. ¦
MAN and wife - (colored) desire positions In
private family or on ranch; good references.
J. H. TERRELL. 915 Powell st.
GERMAN man and wife want work on ranch
or private place; both competent workers;
references. 757B Folsom st.
ENGINEER — Flrst-class engineer, stationary
or locomotive, wishes employment: used to
oil. Box 3642. Call.
THOROUGHLY competent medical and sur-
gica.1 nurse wants position. L. B., box 3744.
Call office.
WANTED — Position by young man. willing to
make himself useful. Box 1789. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a , responsible good
French driver. Box 1773. Call.
A TIMEKEEPER and blllclerk desires posi-
tion. Box 1S95, Call office, j . .
YOUNG man to do collecting; speaking dlf-
I ferent languages. Box 1934, Call office.
ABLE man desires employment as carpenter's
helper; city or Oakland. Box 3677. Call.
EXPERIENCED Japanes cook wants situation
in good family; best of references. Address
H. K.. 1006 Hyde st +
1 RELIABLE Japanese desires position private
family; best of references. GEORGE. 443
N&toma st •
A STRONG Japanese wants a position to do
any kind o* work before noon or after 6
. p. m. Address G. A.. .1303% Caatro st. ". v ¦£.-;-'•
JAPANESE boy wants position" to do cooking
and some housework In small family; has best
references. T. TOM. 744 Post st.
JAPANESE couple want a situation, man aa
good cook; wife Just fronv Orient Address
448 Natoma at
GOOD Japanese conk wants sttuatlon In st
family. Address GEORGE, 917 Webster st.
Oakland. ¦ " .
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position small
family: speaks flne. M. F.. box 1944, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at C8ll branch office. 22<O Fillmore.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department; over 1000
In number: a combined list from all agencies;
¦ let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
. STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
- OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; .take advantage of
this department; It will? save you time and
% trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st. on the square.
BRODERICK. 707, near McAllister — Sunny
residence of 7 rooma and. bath: modern and
up to date; water freer rent $50: key at No.
" 711. R. D. CRANSTON & SONS. 114 Mont-
gomery,- st. - . %
A SUNNY corner: . 6- room , flat; basement;
t flrst-class: nearly new; half block from
Market st. 3947 Seventeenth st-, . (Castro
¦ and : Eighteenth st. cars). •
$27 50^ — ELEGANT • sunny flat ; B rooms and
.. bath: 1704 Washington st, near Polk. Aj>-
ply to UMBSEN, 20 Montgomery at •
Lom;i.\r: nousrc.s for sale— Con.
A. CAMERON & CO., " -Phone South 1050.
¦ ' 3: Eddy "St.. cor. Market, and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomlng-Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance:
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
108 rooms; ..cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can. be run in conjunction if desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house; other business in-
terests demand immediate ' departure. '
90 rooms; beautiful new building and furni-
ture; swell downtown location; everything up-
to-date and first-class; fine opportunity to se-
cure high-grade preposition; must go East.
12<5 rooms; rent only $1 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all - men; electric elevator,
lights: long lease; clears $100 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
i . - • - ¦ , ¦ :' «?:,•.;
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms; beautiful corner; 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
in city; caJl for terms and particulars.
9 rooms; evr.ny fiat: rent $50; oak, mahogany
fur,; obliged to leave city; reduced to $t>50.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
¦-flpuse; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; flne. lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms; rent only $60; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $S50.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance, cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 6-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry fur.;
fine carpets; close in; fine . money-maker.
2S rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing flne business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good car-
pets; sickness- ; price $350.
138 rooms; downtown commercial hotel; 8
years' lease; cheap rent: elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities to secure first-
class hotel; owner has. other' business; part
cash, balance time.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close in; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100, part cash.
11 rooms; rent $10: close in; oak, cherry fur-
niture, Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all ex-
penses; yitK) cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 rooms: elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture; 60 boarders;
clearing $250 per month; close In; flne buy;
price $0000.
15 rooms; rent $S5: north Market; close In;
good money-maker; reduced from $1600 to
$1100.
12S rooms: cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
20 rooms; rent only $100; all new furniture:
doctor pays $95: clearing over all expenses $100;
best street Oakland; will trade for San Fran-
cisco house. .
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in:
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
33 rooms; cheap rent; good lease: beautifully
¦ furnished; new modern building; very central;
all full; little gem of a house; leaving city.
12G rooms; fine downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $S5; oak fur.:
good carpets, housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
50 rooms; new, modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; flrst-class proposition.
17 rooms; Ellis Ft.: rent $70; oak furniture,
Axmirifter carpets; flne condition; clears $30;
fine little* buy.
S rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
For rent — 4-room suite, furnished, in flne
apartment-house, 4 to 6 months; rental $45 per
month; references; no small children. «
For rent — 8-room modern furnished flat for
summer; elegantly fur. ; references required;
rent $60 per month.
A. CAMERON' & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CBEDIT CIiOTHIXaS.
C F?~ADAMS CO. ;
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.,
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up"to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st.
CSOTHITO SESOTATTirO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st, room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CUBE S BTTPTCBS.
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market B t.: $100; rupture
cure for $10: circular explains; send for one.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings. 60c:
plates. $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
ARTHUR CHIEHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
¦ floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set f cth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; filllngs,25c
GOLD fillings. 75c; sliver. 35c: crowns $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt204 SuttrJ
EDLCATIONAX.
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS • COLLEGE, 901-
925 Golden Gate ave.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket et.; established 18 years; the school that
- securea positions for graduates;, Just added 25
new typewriters: catalogue free. ,
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST, S.
F.— Bookkeeping, ehorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school, than ever; enter
at once It you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S.F.: Business
College. 1236 Market st.
PRIVATE tuition offered In common school
branches te backward and delicate children
by young lady; hae had experience In public
schools; charges moderate. • Box 3662, Call.
HEALD'S School of Mines&Electrlclty, 24 Post
St., S. F.;;a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min., mech., sur-
i vey. assay, cyanide; day. ev.; eat; 1804. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
. petent : stenographers. 1382 . Market: catalog.
WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping/shorthand, touch typing,. arith.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day, eve.; $4 mo. eve.
DANCING — Professor Flndlay has reopened his
Juvenile classes «at 3 Findlay'n Hall, 17th st. ;
Saturday 2 to 5; private lessons dally, v . v
SPANISH— A practical and progressive method/
RAFAEL SERRANO. 630 California. 1 r. 4.
GUITAR, .mandolin and piano,*v$3 per mo.;
mandolin club, $1 per mo. ¦ S28 Ha Ight J st. |N
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
¦ PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine St.— Night class.'
PIANO 'lessons, 25c half hour. - MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. aoi.T Mission.' nr. Sixth.
SPIRITUALISM. ?
RETURNED.
MRS. ; J. J. WHITNEY. ' '•"
; Clairvoyant.- trance business medium and Ufa
' reader; also communications from ' your ' de-
parted friends. -Hotel^Netherland. 18 Turk
St.. near. Market." room 17. elevator
ATTOn\EVS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FR EE
Columbian Law & Coll. Agcy.. r. S5, 910
Market: phone John G226; open 'evenings:
transacts at most reasonable rates all legit-
imate law business; bonds furnished in crim-
1 inal and civil cases; small collections taken.
j A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small lee.
¦ Eee me and save money: no pay in advance
i G. W. HOWE, ATTORN'EY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3, 4 & 5, 1st 1.
1122 Market st.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice fre^ all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bids:..
6th fltor. entrance roCm 011; established 2'J
years: ail cases, general court and office prac-
tice: no lee in advance or for consultation;
evenirfgs by appointment. Tel. Red ,'tCOl.
ADVICE free; divorce ccsts $12; no foes or
j costs In advance: all law burinep?; office
open Saturday evenings. hl!» Mar!:et St.. r. 31.'
DIVORCE cheap, speedily, quietly: call on ui
'ere goinir elsewhere. Phone James fi221 :
; room 41. !>1C Market i«t.. Opposite Emporium.
I DIVORCE— Costs. $12: quirk, quiet; advice
free; rpen evening*. 927 Market s=t.. rm. .'501.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity; advice
free; costs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O.box 2199. S. F.
L. S. CLARK. 027 Market St.; consultation .
free: tip f*fw In advance: cp>n evening^.
BASKETS.
BASKETS made of every description. Friedl
Baz«.»r and Ba«kM Factory. 1272 Folsom st.
BOAnPIXG FOIt CHILDUEy.
WANTED— An infant to board. 212 Seventh
street.
BUSINESS CHASCES.
A — $1600— DAIRY produce route: butter and
eggs: established 6 years; 2 horsee, 1 wagon;
owTier clears above $100 per mo; good cash
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— $5000; HARDWARE store; specialties,
locksmith, electric bell?, model-making, ma-
chine work, etc.; estab. i!O years; located
Sixth st.; large stock. See 15. «. WILKE.
2CU Kearny st.
A— $1000; RESTAURANT in San Rafael; dally
receirt* $25; rent $30; roust b» fold at once;
rood place. See R. G. WILKE, 'JOVi Kearny.
A— $10C0: DAIRY produce and delicatessen
•tore; close to Market e*..; daily receipts
about $40; rent $45; good business: value in
tight. R. G. WILKE. 2Ci>4 Kearny st.
A— $D50; OYSTER and chop house; close to '
Ellis and Mason ets. ; rent $35; worth at
least $900; rare opening. See R. G.
WILKE. Stiifc Kearny st
A — $5C00; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business: store receipts about $60 per day:
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
cat-h or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st.
A— $2600; CORNEK grocery and bar, on Powell
St.; S years' lease; rent $40;' business estab.
yeare and first-class paying; Value In sight. ,,
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
A — $5000; THI3 leading saloon In manufacturing
town of al>out ScOO Inhabitants: 5 years'
lease; rent 5*0; full value in sight; first-class
paying busi;iebs; about io miles from S. F.
Call K. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $2200; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
etore ; eetabll^hed years; rent $55; montkly
sales about $1500; a first-class paying bust-
ness. Sec R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny »t.
A— $750; CIGAR stand on Market st. ; rent $f>6; :
one of the best-located stands and a business
where fullest investigation ie solicited: a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 2SH Kearny.
A— $^000; CORNER grocery and bar with S
years' lease; rent $75; 2 horses; 2 wagons;
average cash store trade $2500 per month;
daily bar receipts $25; full value in sight;
location the best In the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny «t.
A— $450; PLUMBING and gasfltting shop on
Fillmore St.; rent $26; owners must sell at
once at they are engaged in another bust-
cess." Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny gt.
A— 13000; GROCERY ttore; established many ',
years and doinit a large cash business;
located close to Market and Sixth sts.; a i
good paying business; Investigate and you
find's very rare business opening. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $750; SALOON on Montgomery st.; plac«
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month : investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny gt.
A— $3000: CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg.:
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this Is one of
tbe best ealoon locations in this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2ff% Kearny st.
A— $1100; SALOON with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bush' sts. : rent $75; lease; place
taelly clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest etock of liquora. All particular* of
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ,
A— $1200; COFFEE ealoon and bakery in
choicest location; rent $S0; daily receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G WILKE. 2<>% Kearny st.
CIGAR store down on Battery. $S50: trial given.
T. J. DUNN & CO.. 1312 Market Et.
ERANCH bakery and notions: 15th. nr.Mission;
$4(h»; rent $15. T. J. DUNN. 1312 Market at.
MILLINERY store; Geary st., near Kearny:
Fnaj>; "»-year leaEe; fixtures worth the money;
good reasons. T. J. DUNN, 1312 Market st.
SALOON; Third st., near Market: (2200: 3-
_year lease. T. J. DUNN & CO., 1312 Market.
ROOMING-HOUSE7~7th et.. nr. MarkeTr"35
rooms; clears $100. T.J.DUNN&CO.,1312Mkt.
$350 SECURES interest In light office work,
where party can easily clear $125 monthly;
references exchanged; experience not neces-
sary; live man wanted; bona fide proposition.
Particulars 1007*4 Market Et., room 1.
OLD established real estate and business
chance office for sale or exchange for busi-
ness or city lots; clears $300 monthly; will
remain with buyer until acquainted.
ANDERSON & RILEY. USS Market St.
$200 AND services will secure a partnership
in a business paying $90 p«r month ta each;
long established. 1027>-i Market St., r. 2.
FOR sale — A snap; Controlling Interest In large
planing mill in this city: iull complement
latest machinery; practically new; Tong lease;
low rent; can easily be made rent free; rent
already reduced more tlian half by sub-
leases; over $10,000 In contracts maturing.
Owner has interests out of city demanding
attention: pric« $12,500 negotiable paper or
S. F. realty. Address box 181L Call.
WANTED— Reliable man with $4000 as part-
ner In general merchandise business: 15
years' standing; long lease; chance of-a life-
lime for live man that has business ability;
references exchanged Address California.
Investment Co.. 777% Market st.
I PATENT article; principal feature great ad-
vertising medium; will exchange 00,000 with
; right to California for unimproved land: thl*
j Is a snap; owner going to Europe. P. O.
i box ™~- Q ak!and -
J FOR sale or will take partner In a light busi-
ness, paying handsome profits; average
monthly receipts over $300; expenses $85. For
particular*, address box 1752, Call office.
FOR sale — Grocery, candy, notions, cigars and
branch bakery; all good etock and will sell
r^afonabie; established 10 years; low rent;
living rooms. Box 1808. Call office.
' $1000— PARTY with this amount can double it
'¦ In the next '.t months. California Airtight
i Company, (i Eddy st., room 2.
$7t A MONTH and board guaranteed man or
'lady partner; take cash in coffee and lunch
plai-e. See owner, 318 Kearny st. .' .
HALF Inter€-Bt in clothes ciraninc route; good
proposition. M. NEILSON. 2S03 Telegraph
ave.. Berkeley. .
TO let— Shoemaker fhop. Apply 1633 Turk st.
HOME bakery for sale; very reasonable. Call
at ir.50 Church et.
FOR sale — Restaurant and delicatessen com-
bined, clearing $175 per month: low rent;
good location. Box 1926, Call office.
WANTED— To buy a good hotel or boarding
Louse in city or country. Address, with par-
ticulars, box 1973, Call office.
WANTED — To buy half or whole of a furni-
ture store; state full particulars: no agents.
Box ISKS.'. Call office.
FOR Fale — Half Interest in one of the best
business chance, and Icd;inx-hSmse offices
! in the city. Box ::247, Call office.
j WANTED — A partner to , take charge of and
I manage a music parlor in San . Francisco,
j Address box 1C0T), Call office.
WANTED — To buy a stock of general merchan-
dise. Jn country town In a good healthy lo-
cality. Box 1705, Call office,
$375 — DELICATESSEN and lunchroom; - (rood
trade and flne. location for meals; rent low.
$27 SO. Address box 1003. Call.
$2500 WILL buy half Interest In siuab'rancfc:
roan of experience from East. Box 68, 100S
Market st.
$250 — PARTNER: young man: commission bus-
. lness; $100 month, steady. 33 Mason et., r. 3."
WIN $io-playlng.elot. machine with my meth-
od. E. W., box Cl, West Allis, Wl»
' .
THE CALL
. iosnr d. spbxckxi.s. PrpggjgggL-
XV. J. MAP.TirC Business_Man^C«|£
; I TEX DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Office if You Miss
Your I*a;>cr.
• SX tcr cry cause THE C_X£ 1« not de-
riTered. r-'UTlsrly to subscribers plcs.*e
• nil nn "CALL ESCEaKCtS" a_d notify
UubseriBtics Cleri la ciiarjre. Your com-
•..•lalnt vill receive prompt attention.
• A str.adi_jr reward of Tea Dollara
<5ia.S3» as offered for the arxert *-* ;
*saylct:c_ ct aay cc« cauarit ste*l_i«r i
vat: CALX*
; — ¦
Afk fcr THK CALL. The Operator WiM Con-
nect You With the Department You w isn.
Pu_Oe*_on Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Iloom 217 to 2T1 Eveveneon et.
• Delivered Lj Carriers, 20 Cts. Per "'£<•«'<¦ "' 5
" Ct». Ptr Month. Single Copies 6 CentjL
Term* fcy Mall, Including Pcsta«e tCash wun
Order): _,
• DAILY CALL (Snclud. Sunday), 1 year... $5 00
DAILT CALL UiiCiud. Sunday). C — os «ah»
DAILY CALL— Uy Single Month „'«=
• tU.VDAY CALX.. 1 Year -•«{
WEEKLY CALL. 1 YEAR •¦ i. , .
FOREIGN" t Daily... $8.80 Per Year tx.ra
vZ^lrr- \ Sunday. 4.15 Per "icar Litra
rOSTAGL. | weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
, Eamplp Ccpies will be forwarded when re-
I* * -.V quested.
Mall #abFcrihe~ In ordering change of ad-
<!re*k ihcu:d b* relic— ar to give both NEW
.AND OLI> ADDRCSS sa orOcr to insure a
prompt aj.-J correct comijliance ~ith iht-ir re-
, QUett.
» * OAKLAND OFFICE:
1116 Broatfway Telerhone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
214* Center t?tr«t Telephone North 7<
•WASMINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
IV. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW yoKK NEWS-STANDS:
. Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
U?ilc.n Square; Murray Hill Hotel; FUtb-ave-
cue ifotel an.: Hoffman House.
.* * CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhei— lar. House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Sjorihern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
'^Hciel; Pa'mcr House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXE£S..Marquette Building
tLon? Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
• STEPHEN B. SMITH CO Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
*Ct C. CARL1OX , Herald Square
BUSIVE6S OFFICE cf the San Francisco
Call, corner liarkft ar.d Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
• . BRANCH OFFICES:
X(K>S Market ttrect, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until '•*'"" P- m -
SCO Hay~ b etreei; open until 8:30 p. m.
VS9 M>.*Ai:ist<-r street: open until B:30 p. m.
t"15 Lsrkin street; ci>en until 9:30 p. m.
1S*H MitMon street; open until 10 p. m.
22S1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until U p. rn.
IP6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
•105*0 Valencia i-trert; open until 9 p. a.
Northeast com r Church and Duncan streets;
open unt:l j) j>. m.
•Northwt-M career of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky i-tre".!-; open until 9 p. m.
J20UTUlmore s-treet; open until 9 p. — i.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
IY)K THE SUM3IER.
CAT. I. subscribers conte— iplattair a
ebassre cf residence durtasr th* summer
nio_ths cas. have their paper forwardefl
ty mall to their new address by notify-
ing TEE CALL Business Ofice. This
• caper will also be on sale at all summer
fctorts end is represented by a local
~£?ent in — 11 towns on the coast.
..-.•.- MKttTJTAG -NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. _
I!/, will rr.fft THIS iTX'E?DAY)VY
_\'ENING, May a, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
bfated t;n-«u;nc and R. A. degree.
Hi- order of tfce }l. P. ¦
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
. GOCDEN OATE Lode* No. 3", F. and m
A. M.-'STtte.l meeting: THIS iTCES- W
, ! l)AVt BVEJCnCG at 7:S!> o'clock. /^Av
KUWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
DUIENTAL Lod;* No. 144, F. and A. O
M. — Htatnl meettac and third degree
THIS <TT:ESDAYj EVENING at /V\
• :30 o'cloeU.
A. t. HL'BBAKD, Secretary.
-» _ — ,
• eaN FRANCJSCCTLodge. U. D.. F. and <»
A.M.. «17 D<visadero st. — Stated meet- v"y
ing THIS TUESDAY at 4:^0 p. m. /^Ay
• F.» crdei of the W. M. '
. * . ¦ A. A. ANDERSON. Tom. Sec:
5RAND otfioers «nd members of -^-_l? 'u
, th' Grand Lodgt. 1. O. O. }¦'., arc j^SB^fc..
.)^re!i> icijuetted i<j attend the
funeial of CHAS. N. KuX, P. "^*KyS>
.' G. M., WEDNESDAY. May 1, at 1»> o'clock
a.^m., fiom his late residence, 1037 Market
• Vt.. Oakland, via 9 o'clock Iwat from San
F*r_i r it.'ifi''"O
. * <JK'J. T. SHAW. Grand Secretary.
rO the officers and members of __W t
P Unity !.::-¦ No. 131, I. O. • '- -?Vj9*5^r*fe.
F. — You are hereby notified I'J-z.JZtZjS'JzJ?
uttcnd th«^ Juneral of our late <^»«*?<S"
brother, DUNCAN HENDERSON, P. U.. at
the lodgeroom. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.,
* THIS DAY (TUESDAY). May 3. VMKl. at I
oVlotk. V.'M. R. LINDSAY, N. G.
H. J. E. VAI.PEL. R. S.
* I V'ANHOi: Lodge No. T>. K. ol P..
will center tlv knight rank (long
form) WKDNKSDAY, May 4. I»J4, iSMS
• at 1'ythian Catftle. ri«r.»U Market St.. £g&>£
1»t fe:3'« ti. :n. Memtiera of Klster ~- st ""'^^
lodge? cudialli Invited.
ft W. HANKS. C. C.
. O. KOBCROS& K. or R. and E.
IT. ANl.'RK'A's Society — Annual v C7~
pterac to K..irfax Park en SATUR- 3^ t»iXJ?
DAI' Ua> 7. Boats will leave ferry Xv^X^C
«<t it and 3<i a. m. a;>d at 1 :45 p. m. > *_5^fc .
Si«- ial returning train leaves Fairfax at
5:30 p. tn. Tickets fcr round trip, including
* •ilznb-eica' to the park, adults 50c. children
V'ic. «m be obtained from Messrs. John
Ti^fd <&. Sen: "S Geary tt.. and from John JX.
'ljunitaii. 11. "0 MisK'.cti st.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN*. President.
.?. BLACK. Ht-crrtary.
CHEAPEST and b*rt la America— The Weekly
CaJI, 16 pPtes. yer.t t'. any address In th»
Jl*»:i'"1 c ts!^« rr faraila r.ne year for *|.
u To:,mnai:s.
EECOND-HAND automobiles In first-claw
" chape for Eale chrap. Inquire at 20 Golden
Gate ave.; j,hone Howard S71.
irTOirnKil.E fi;«?rator for eteaxn machine. $.1
per ccy. Mobile Carriage Company. Gclden
Gate and Uough ets.
FOR tale— A White Stanhope In good running •
©!j>r:' fill tell reasonable. Bex 3245, Call.
AGENTS WASTED.
fcGENTS wanted »ho own a horse and buggy
to tel! an article that Is used by every man '
who owns a horse; can wake from $!<• to $20
tr riay. Apply OCCIDENTAL MANUFACT-
URING CO.. 1373 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
fcGENTS — An agency for a projMjsltion that Is
a decided improvement on huildir.g and loan
1p worth r>avinK. Great Weetrra Improre-
tre^it Company, Parrott building.
PERFCME ranx-a^nere: ecmetning new; cali
nil-— erk. Agent* OutP.ttlng Co., 53© G. G. avc.
LADIES — For firm ma:;sage device and cos-
ntetkv; city and country. 517 Taylor st.
AuvxaTTSEMXirr ~rarraro.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
<-.f property three fVJ scholarships In the beat
Coilepe or Advert iKing In the United Stat^u.
J . fell t h^m . at "•* per cent <21fcgud* for
# <TSh: the foMece teaches -advertising writ-
ing, by correnpondencp and assists itn grad-
uatPf tn **vure positions: catalogues fur-
rArbfA tm anpHcailon. Address box U02G. Call.
. __ ASTHMA REMEDY,.
i. D» Noja's Asthma Kemedy relives instant-
ly: 10c. _>. 5««?. 1<V>2 Market, St. Nicholas.
TICKET' of fire for aiT'polntiTln^Alaslca. "c7~F.
MOOKE, S£7 Market «t.. room 3U9. First
et»awr M&y 11; $75 first class.
KIJTACK* TO LET.
'lAKER. IWM— Ixrvtiy cottage. C rooms, .bath;
'gmi Pdcn. (rest and back. Ari'ly premise*.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
& business med'm. read daily $1; dev'p'g class
Thura. S p.m. 107 Taylor, r. 27;tel. Jessie 3436.
DR. COLLINS,, the noted clairvoyant and
trance-writing medium of Chicago; readings
dally; circle to-night. 1049 Market st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances* every night
Sat.; 10c; sit. 10 to D. 143 Sixth St.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit messsages to-
nlght. 10c. 610 McAllister st.; readings dally.
EDWARD" EARLE. 10B2 Ellis St.. readings
«laily;-phone Sutter 399*.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
«late- writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott SS7.
CLAIRVOYANTS,
ASSURED success for you.
Cali at once and cave $4.
His famous ?5 readings this week for
$1 $1 . $1 $1 $1 $1. $1 $1
No charge — No charge
m Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
Th* first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.) ' '
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife or lover is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire: "in fact," I will tell you i
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and indisputable; he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power Implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lest vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures; gives you success
in life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday.
¦ 326 O'Farrell et. — 326.
THE - FUTURE REVEALED, THE PAST
DISCLOSED.
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living pagi of, Flammarlon's treatise that Is
so electrifying the world to-day. He is no
imitator. His work is upon original lines,
pure thought. -clear vision. He tells you what
you desire to know and works In the open
light.
He is as conspicuous for his wonderful occult
analysis as he is for bis original expression
and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test
is of little value; when the mind is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
This 'la just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
gives you when you call on him for a first-
class, clairvoyant reading.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does' not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Let PROF. LIV-
INGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you. find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Kemember the number: 428 Eddy st.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ISMAR, , the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et., cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 .a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency ;send poatoffice,
Wellg-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant me-
dium and card reader, . born with a double
veil and second sight, tells past, present and
future; 1. 60c, g. by cards $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sit., $1 60. 312 Mason, nr. Geary.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and llfo reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion, names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful propheti«3s;
names; 1. 60c, g. $1. 714 Franklln.rr.'i.Ci.ave.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; 25c up. 17 3d, next Exam.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmJst, clairvoyant, card
ieadcr;when others fall try me;good readings
10c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice; names given; 25c up. 835 Howard st.
A— MME. LUISA. Spanish palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader. Ladles 25c; g, 50c. 124 6th st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26 Va. Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23& 6th; 1. 25c, g. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
Mme. Odell returned: clairvoyant, card reader;
tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. 632 Ellis st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts: readings daily. 017 Market st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. MARSAN. card reader: ladies 25c; gents
COc. . 120 Sixth St.. room 15.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader slt-
tlngs dally. 44S'A Jessie st.. bet. 6th and 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help; etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
¦Loon Seung's, 411V4 O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168. .>,
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE?
A GERMAN man and wife; private place or
ranch; refs. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A YOUNG woman wishes a. situation In family
as ccok; best reference. Address 119 Ser-
pentine place, bet. 16th and 17th sts., near
t _ Ashbury, or phone. Church 7145.
SPANISH lady with two children and mother
wishes position in country as housekeeper in
widower's family; home more object than
wages. Rox 1830, Call.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants place for general
housework - in small family: Mission pre-
f erred. Address 2650 Folsom St.. near 2l*d.
GOOD willing woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; city or short distance in
country; good cook. 227 Minna st.
A RELIABLE young woman desires house-
work In the country In a small family; wages
no object. Box 1970, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a situation;
light housework; city or country; kind to
children. 1103 Powell st.
A YOUNG woman would like position at light
housework and cooking or care of on» baby.
." Box 1066, Call office.
YOUNG girl from the 'country, refined, wishes
li™ht " housework; sleep home. Box 1947,
Call office. . .
COM PKTENT and thoroughly reliable woman
wants position in'clty or country; good cook
and laundress. Address box 1916, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes position to do light house-
work and cooking: wages from $25 . to $30.
Call at .31 « Guerrero st.
A COMPETENT laundress and house cleaner
wants work nt, 51 per day; references. Box
11171.: Call office. *
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation for
general housework : good plain cook. . Call or
uddress care of 27 Capp st. *
WORKING housekeeper, refined and competent,
wants position; city or country; best-of ref-
:¦¦. erences. Box I960, Call.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper: best references;
: Jiotel; no objection to leaving the city. ' Box
47*10. Call office. • .
WANTED— Housework or cooking by compe-
tent woman. Call at 1163 Market'st.
A WOMAN wants plain washing and ironing
.. to take home." Address- 1584 'Fifteenth st. -
LADY wishes position as chambermaid or do
,,;¦ housework. ¦'¦ 359 ¦ M^nna. St., basement floor.
GOOD position as cook or second girl. MRS.
LINSON . (colored). 1013 Clay st.
¦ - ¦
YOUNG * German slrl wanta to take care 'of
. children."!" 1048 Larkln St.; Phone Larkln 2716.
A REFINED German i girl wants position at
: second work. "Call 12 Eleventh st.. .
STRONG, • willing 'American woman?;; wants
- laundry work; flannels a specialty; $1 25 and
•carfare: sweeping'. and ,- cleaning also done.
648A Jesale st.; bet.'Jth and 8th, downstairs.
WANTED— By respectablo girl. ' a place to do
" light housework.. Call 57. Chesley et.. off Har-
| ,rison,jbet. 'Seventh and, Eighth. •
! WISH position, as cook ,ln' a private family;
: city . or ; country, 2248 . Bush »? " : :
wr*TX~:«« chaxct:*— - fV"»tt--»»<i.
A— CAMERON & CO.— — -Phono South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell. 1
Headquarters for all kinds ol business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $."550 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors $200 to $25C0
Barber shops i SSOO to $2f>(i0
Cigar stand* $:i:>0 to $2000
1 Groceries and bar? .$500 to $5000
! Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants ....'. $'i50 to $2O.O0l>
Kruit and vegetable stores. . . r . .$::00 to $1000
Drug stores .?L'f!OO to $C000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards ?250 to ?10u0
For pale — First-class legitimate mining
proposition tKat will bear strict investiga-
tion.
; BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
proves; :;tS-room hotel; ail furnished and
equipped for business; '2n acres land goes
with lraso: raise own hay. vegetables; all
l;ir.ds of fruit: rrnt $.%0O per year: equity In
this SU500; depth in family cause of taio.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— One of the beBt restaurants in city;
cheap rent: receipts $75 to $1CO daily: will
j hear Investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
&. CO.. 3 Eddy et. .'
FOR sale— Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent: G\t, years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
Ing fine business; other Interests cause of ule-
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR sa!e— Well located andequipped family
liquor store; rent only $35; fixtures $200;
stock will invoice between $1CO and $500;
i must be sold by 1st; other business. CAM-
ERON _ CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine: flne prospect:
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg-hse or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR eale or will trade— 6 acres Inside city
, limits; one of best interior cities in Califor-
nia: house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
ROADHOUSE and hotel near city; flrst-class
place; well equipped and clearing $200 mo.;
rent $40. wjth lease: $2500. PETERSEN
REALTY CO.. 1C.5& Market st.
LODGING -HOUSE. 24 rooms; Eddy st.; well
furnished; all housekeeping; lease; sell cheap
or exchange for small farm In bay counties:
PETERSEX REALTY CO.. ¦ 1035 Market st.
FOR sale— Good saloon. Call 905 Kearny st.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar. Call 321 Bryant
street.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this office.
$1500— GROCERY and bar In Park district.
Box 1952, Call office.
WANTED — A cigar stand. Box 3233 Call
office.
HORSERADISH grinding and delicatessen bus-
iness; good reason for selling. 2401 Mission st.
WANTED — A cigar 6tand; state location and
price. Box 1SS». Call office.
$540 — SALOON: bargain: must sell to-day;
good stock and fixtures. Call 1021 Howard st.
J125 — FINE corner cigar stand; fine stock;
Kood trade: see owner. 118 Third st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m '
CAKPET IJKATING AXD CLBANINO.
COMPRESSED air and vacuum system now
universally used in cleaning carpets on
floor: without removal; price moderate. S.
F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Mar-
kft st. Tel. Main 162. Bush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st., clean-
Ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rlson gt.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating; mat-
tressee made over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st ;
tel. Main 391. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
j RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel.Mlsslon 263.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
— .
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance;
modern business methods in fine front of-
fices; phone Black 3607, or take elevator to
fourth floor; up-to-date title abstract free
with every sale.
GREAT banrain in an 11-room house: fine lo-
cation downtown; near Post and Mason: al-
most a gift; think of selling such a house
for less than $50 a room. MARION GRIF-
FIN.
ONLY $350 down and. $350 in payments takes
furniture and business of a small boarding-
house with 12 boarders: rent - $45; new
house; on^unny corner. MARION GRIFFIN.
- __ _ -
HOW is this? 16-room corner house north of
Market; rent $30; clears $41 monthly: price
$4uo; only $100 down. MARION GRIFFIN.
SELECT home of 17 rooms near Sutter St.;
kitchen; dining-room; very quiet and refined;
clears $S0 a month. MARION GRIFFIN.
i , - . . ¦ ? . , .
SWELL transient house; most beautifully fur-
nished; extra flne hair mattresses; new and
modern: building on sunny corner; 24 rooms;
when you see it you'll buy It of MARION
GRIFFIN. . i
JUST listed: 31-room apartment-house; room-
ers take care of their own rooms; newly pa-
pered; corner house; furnished in oak and
cherry; Brussels and moquet carpets; rent
only $123; manager occupies 2 nice rooms
and clears $115 exactly each month.
MARION GRIFFIN.
I CHEAP house; 32 rooms; on NE. corner: near
Market; rent S100; 2-year lease; price $1400;
Mg money-maker. I MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 48 rooms; splendidly
furnished; on sunny corner and street -car
crosslnr; Ion* lease; electricity for elevator
and lights; monthly profit $222; price $4500
- MARION GRIFFIN.
$3600 PROFIT yearly; accurately kept books;
house has a wide reputation from Oregon to
Mexico; lawyers, merchants arid bankers stop
at this houne; 00 rooms, with splendid fur-
nishings: lease: elevator and all conveni-
ences; will inventory tho furniture and give
you an abstract of title; make offer to
MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH-CLASS proposition — We have decided to
sell our hotel and have employed . MARION
GRIFFIN to conduct the sale; NEW and
MODERN building of 70 rooms and in the
fashionable part of city; furnishings superb-
price $5000 less than cost; should clear $600
monthly.
A SPECIAL BARGAINS AT— -A
KREDO & CO'S.. 765 MARKET ST.
CLEAR TITLES GUARANTEED.
$425—9 rms., newly furnished, giveaway.
$275 — 11 rms., 3rd St.. clears $40 month.
$400— 7-rm. flat, elegantly furnished.
ON TIME PAYMENTS.
18 rs.: sunny corner, very central $1200
22 rs.; housekeeping, clears $70 $1500
20 rs.; fine transient, near Market.. S2000
64 rs.: Oakland, geunlne bargain for. .$2000
MANY OTHERS AT KREDO &> CO'S.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $125.... $4500
10i> rooms; clears $350; low rent... .......$6500
SO rooms; furniture nearly new.'. ...... $3800
40 rooms; fine location, north of Market. $1000
46 rooms; in. Oakland; new; rent $60.... $2500
12 rooms: half cash: cheap rent... i..$600
Money to loan on furniture. E1TEL j &
CARROLL, 212 Kearny st. ' •
80 ROOMS: elegant new apartment-house, 3
and 4 room suites; 60 rooms, furnished; rea-
sonable rent: charming location; sunny. Box
S548. Call office.
14-ROOM house; rent '$15: near Larkln and
Hyde sts. ; full of roomers; owner will sell
for $650: this week." Box 3522. Call office., j}
BOARDING and lodging house for Bale; "20
room*. Inquire MRS. WILSON, Belvedere..
FOR sale — Lodging house. 25 rooms, on Eutter
et. Box «191o, Call office. . .
LODGING house. 27 rooms, for sale; down-
town location. Box 3249, ¦ Call • office. ¦.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
. city or country.' ; Pacific Collection Co.. 415
. Monteomery. rooms 0-10; tel. Main '5580.* ¦¦¦
HUMS? MAKEUS AM) SKAMSTIIKSSES
Accordion. ' sunburst ; and - knife-plaiting; double
ctaraps on drefes linings. Stewart's* button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 21 21/
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class.': 1019 Mkt,'
A LTTLE WANT ADVCRTISEHENT PLACED IN THESETHE SAN FRANCISCO XALU, TUESDAY, MAY 3, 1904.
13
LOST ASP FOUND — Continue-.
LOST— Certificate of deposit on Crocker-Wool-
worth National Bank for $1915. For return
of same suitable reward will be given Ad-
dress P. O. box 2_55, City.
LOST — Monday morning, purse containing coin;
owner can ' fully identify. Return to The
. Stewart. 470 Ellis St.. room 0, and receive
liberal reward.
LOST— Purse containing $20; from .Buchanan
ar.d Hayes to Fell and Laguna; liberal re-
ward. Return to 704 Buchanan st.
LOST — Scotch Collie pup, 7 months old; coat
sable and white; black on nose. Reward,
106 Walnut st., San Francisco.
LOST— R. R. ticket to Chicago; name H. E.
BLILER. Return to California Hotel offlce
' and tret reward.
L0*ST — In G. G. Park, eyeglasses; gold frame
and chain; very liberal reward. 1610 Geary.
LOST — Diamond stud. Return to room 7,
Chronicle building; $25 reward.
LOST— One medallion; initial S. Call 713ft
Grove Ft.; reward.
LOST— Gold watch; keepsake; Initials "A.P."
Return 572 Lombard st. ; reward.
LOST — A handbag containing 6 rings, 2 baby
rings: diamond watch and chain; seal tooth
pin, gold mounted, with name "Cella"; also
purse. Return to MRS. C. WORTH1NGTON
11V& Washington ave., off Mission; reward.'
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of DENIS NOLAN; No. 280-366. The
finder w'.U please return to bank.
LOST — At Oakland ferry, lady's gold watch
fWaltham); "T. F. H." on case. Return to
14 Bond St.; reward.
STRAYED or stolen; dark bay horse, white
saddle mark and blind In left eye. Return
to S502 Mission St.; reward.
LOST— 4 di8cha7Be paperToTlED. PETERSON.
Return to Brooklyn Hotel; reward. >
LOST — Black Dachshund pup (male), yester-
day, from 2122 Washington St.; $5 reward.
LOST— Water spaniel dog. white front foot; li-
censed. Return to 105 Berry st. ; reward.^
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me at once; my
methods _re always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; no exorbitant feea.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed cr no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience In all .female disorders; call or write
without delay; coirespcndence confidential.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market M.. rooms 7 and s.
A — LADIES, if you are suffering from Irregu-
larities or any aliment you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first. My
method of treatment is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee Immediate relief "from
any case or make no charges. Advice free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER. 210 Kearny.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helpeoSthe moet difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold;, price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets: price $5. By express
enly on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
- Broadway, Oakland.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all 'female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed ; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st. j
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market et.. opp. 5th.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1119 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. DR. GWYER, having secured lease of
premises. Is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth st.. bet. Geary and O'FajrelL
MATERNITY 1 Villa — Secluded: confidential;
destitute free; infants to adopt; good homes.
DR. EMILIE FUNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 2935. Folsom St.. corner
26th; ladies, relier or no fee; $10.
YOU can obtain relief; women only. DR. R.
H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLAMSOCS — FOR SALB.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 1U5-107 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATEKITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
ZD-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, "haftlnc, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented ani exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all It-aks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 142S.
A— FINE suits, $7 60; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 2:58 Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, rhaftinc, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-!;55 Spear *t.
A 40x60 RUSSELL separator: self-feeder band-
cutter; nearly new; a cook wagon: seats 24
men. Address H. J. MOHR, Mt. Eden. Cal.
SECOND-HAND lumber of all kinds; panel
and glass doors. Plumbing goodB at old Tlv-
0I1 Opera-house, on Eddy «t., near Mason.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 00.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St., near
Pine; open to 0 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
SIX H. P. gas engines for sale. BAY CITY
IRON WORKS. Oakland.
GOOD brickmaking machine with 28 molds.
Cnristman Bros.. 11th & St. James, San Jose.
SECOND-HAND safes. $55: 60-Inch desk, $27.
RICHARDSON BROS., 1816 Market st.
GRAND Imported tumbler pigeons (rollers),
cheap while they last. Wilson, 229 Stevenson.
PIPE, second-hand, all sizes; Lrass and Iron
fittings. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
REFRIGERATORS, cooling-rooms built eco-
nomic, effective. 1511 I9th ave.. Sunset dlst.
LAUNCH, huntlns; cabin; 6 H. P.; 28 feet. Ad-
dress 1435 Park St.. Alameda. "»
IMPROVED Wood printing press's, gasoline^
engir.eB. Boyer Machine Works. 4tt Spear st.
ROUND camnlnz tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 1Cx16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
AEK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y,
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO..35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush KW>
BOOKS boucht; libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore, «il McAllister at.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GA.RIN, 803 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE t-ncinea bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co., 254 Beale st.
SAFES and canh reKisterd. new and second-
hand. 1. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st.
EOME good second-hand gawollne engines, 1 to
VI h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines ch^ap; Chlragoes, Twentieth '
Centuries?. Puck*. BACIGALUPI, 933 Market.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery «t.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. ...
GASOLINE t-nglnfs. automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4»t Fremont at.
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. rays the
highest price for buildings and will remove
the largest building In 10 days. Offlce and
yard N. W. comer Mission and Tenth sts.
SHOES —anted; misfit & castoff; hljjhent prcs.;
n«-w ft ?d-h>im1 shne« for rale. '.749 Mission.
A. A DO YOU NEED MONEY? ? ?
Loans on furniture and pianos without re-
moval; Icwest rates and easiest plan in city;
don't hesitate to call; Information cheerfully
given; no publicity; reliable and square deal-
ing. . PEOPLE'S TRUST CO.,
S25 MARKET ST.. ROOM 402. PARROTT Bldg
SALARY LOANS--
Money loaned salaried people without secur.
. Ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Pnrrott bldg.
ANT amount quickly on furniture or piano,'
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
• Credit Co.. 68 Donoboe bids.. 1170 Market st.
I ." E Jl!L^^T?^ M ALE^ontlnned.
RED CROSS 1_MP_OYM_NT AGENCY,
w*- » -e. t>-. C<W Clay Bt - ; Phone James 2476.
«E ARE BEGINNING NEW RAILROAD
,- . WORK— NORTH.
IS S c " mster "- * 2::5 da >-: 4 scraper holders.
5- day; 61aborers $2 day; 6 miners. Placer
county, $2 50 per day; checsemaker. $40
month and found; vineyard and ranch hands,
milkers, etc. ,
nnu cnoss employment agency.
San Francisco and Sacramento.
*¦— fONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
635 Washington «.. phone James ."1301 — Ship
to Nevada; Government ditch work: 8 hours;
laborers, rockmen. teamsters, $2 to f'2 75, spe-
cial fare; butcher for mine, good place, $40
and found; teamsters, new electric railroad,
free fare, $2 day; laborers for Oakland. U
hours. $1 75 day; blacksmith, near city, good
place, inquire; marker and polisher, city,
$2 50 day; boys, sash and door factory, $1 25
to $1 5u day. country. Other jobs.
L. H. CUTTING A CO.
GOOD positions open for sober, industrious
m««n on cable ar.d electric cars la San Fran-
cisco. Ape. 25 to S5 years; weight. 150 pounds
upward: height, conductors 5 feet 7V4 inches to
6 feet, mmormen and 5 feet S^ inches
to 6 feet. Permanent, steady work. Apply
promptly, Rialto building, San Francisco, Cal.
THOROUGH refrigerating engineer with suf-
ficient means to maintain himself for a pe-
riod, to take full charge of refrigerating ma-
chinery eales department cf large concern on
commission basts. Box 1968. Call offlce.
A— L L
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good po>itlon6; catalogue and lull
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 635 Clay «t.
WANTED — A man to do plain cooking-, $20 a
month and found, short distance in the
country; also a man to make himself useful
¦ round, one who can drive, $£<• a month and
found, same place. 623 Commercial st.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings; $9 SO week; s«-nd addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. S 4,
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Non-union machinists, machinists'
helpers, boiler-makers and boller-maker»"
helpers. Call at r. 33. 239 Powell St.. 2 to 4.
YOUNG man for copying and invoice work;
must be good, rapid penman; wages $30 to
$35. Address box 1917, Call office.
WANTED — A young man. about IS years oM.
experience.! ¦wrapper. Call at STRAUSS &
FI1OHMANS, 107 Post st.
FOR saie — Barber Fhop; 3 chairs; good busi-
ness; fine location: lease; no snide business;
map.- 211 Sixth at.
WANTED — An edg-erman. or screw turner, for
redwood sawmill. Apply room 26, fifth floor
Mills building, city.
YOUNG man; experienced office work: Rem-
ington etenofrrapher preferred. OARLOCK,
f-."7 Micslon st.
SAILORS and young men <green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy.. r. 415.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741 A Howard st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 CO; we pay
exprers or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
YOUNG men, Eallors. blacksmiths, carpenters,
preen hands, for ships. Herman's. 27 -teuart.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggag? to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened -t 10U8 Market bt.. opposite Fifth.
Optn until 11 p. xa.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission *t-. bet. 1st and 2d Ets.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. -tgt Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOUSES AXU WAGOSS.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: nesr Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stabler. 190 Stevenson, S. F.
MAN wishes to furnish horse and wagon or
horse only and do driving for some business
house. Box 1708. Call office.
BAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College — Next
eessicn begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 610 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Coach horse about 16.3 hands. 1250
pounds 2U55 Sacramento st.
FOR SALE — Cheap, light surrey and wagon;
good as new. 2955 Sacramento st.
WANTED — A good, sound driving horse. Box
324$. Call office.
WANTED— A sound and gentle horse for de-
Hvery wagon. Box 1753. Call office.
FINE horse for sale. 6 years oid: gentle; broke
for lady to ride. Box 19C6. Call office.
ALL kinds of buggies, surreys, wagons, carts,
new and old, chea:>. 1504-8 Folsom st.
FOR SALE— Mare 5 years old; gentle. Box
1890. Call offlce.
WANTED— One or two heavy horses for
teaming. Box 1094. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a good buggy horse. Box
_l&09. Call offlce.
WANTED — A gentle horse for a lady to
drive. Box 179C, Call offlce.
TOP buggy In good condition at 1110 Stan"-
yan st.
FOR esle— Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1215
Call office.
HORSES of all grades bought, sold and ex-
char.ged, H. ATKINSON. C5 Hermann rt.
CAMPING wsgon; ereat for theatrical travel-
ers. 127 Turk St.; owner at 640 Howard st.
A FINE saddle horse for sale; $60. Bos 3514
Call office. ¦;¦- :-s '
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ti*r*. work and driving horses. 15th-Val«ncl_.
HOrsP.S TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
culsr. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
PERRY. 204. near Fourth — $7; house of 3
r-boros; watfr free. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& CO.. SO Montgomery st. - -
IHK.MCS TO l._'l — Kl'KXiSIIKD.
COMPLETELY furnished house; larpe, sunny
j rooms: bath. large yard, basement. lOi Pierce,
tr.- Haight: references required. Inquire 0-12
a m.. 5-7 p.m. or 207 Examiner building.
DESIRABLE --story furnished hous*. with
basement and attic; sun all day: rent $75.
M5 Ashbury st.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 611— 10-room house;
nicely furnished; for sale reasonable.
ItOCIES FL' KM MI KM KOIl SALK.
7-ROOM bouse; newly furnished; nil rooms
sunny; no agents; price $700. 312 Mason Bt.
IIOL'SKS-~SUBt;KIIAX —• FlH.MSIIKn
FURNISHED house to let at Fairoak* £an
Mateo County; a flrst-class, newly furnished
bouse containing 5 bedrooms, besides draw-
lag-room, dinlng-rcom. servants* rooms and 2
bathrooms; large stable. Address J.J. MOORE
* CO.. 416-418 California «t- San Francisco.
LAPHCHES FOB ___»__"
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
«t.; (or pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlcbaells Lauach Co.. Union-st. wharf;boat-
Ing II excursions. 5 Steuart st.; tel.qphn 2680.
LOST AM) POUND.
LOST— Sunday, a gold medal with- the name
Joseph Allen Inscribed on back; valued by
the mother as a keepsake of her dead sod.
Plr-Ke return to 1544 Howard st. and receive
reward. \ •
HELP WANTED — MALE— Con. |
A- ¦ AT 7 A. M. ' 1
MURRAY _: READY. G24 and 638 Clay et.
PHONE MAIN 0848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WE SPEAK
£?J__?S SWISS FRENCH
<;_Ii_!AN GREEK ITALIAN
H-r ftre free. Look— free fare
TO STATE OF NEVADA.
U ~>u «ay lour months, THATS ALL.
• .U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
.1 two- horse teamsters, $C0.
'..Vi laborers, you'll eult $60.
5 drtli ers. roekmen, hammerameu $75.
32 riiachtrie drillers $30
•E.gr.t h»urs - work; hundreds going.
... , _ lx CALIFORNIA.
laborer?, big mine company. $75. $G7 50.
. .1. niaentne miner*, geld quart*. $90
• IN muckers, goid quart*. $C7 50.
,..-. - FA RMiJ. DAIRIES ETC.
. l.n rarm. orchard and \-lney_rd hands all
. v\ _• California. $25. $_ti. $00. JB5 and found.
0 rood teamsters. $26. $30 and found.
••o sn'Ikers. located everywhere $30 $35 fd.
MECHANICAL.
« coopers; machine blacksmith's helper $75
•< tallymen, lumber company. $3 a day plan-
*r ana sticker hards $3 a day up
12 blacksmiths. rtiSerert jobs
¦ • WOODCHOPPERS.
-_5 men to cut wood all over Caiifor_l_
• HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
If cooks for hotels, saloons, mines cafes
™d C &_n n Ao'unT* r ~ SOrta - **• ***' •«»
"?« 5",*w__*'_ ilflrerwit - 1ob1 ' $23 - * 3 °. *S3 found.
U dishwashers. $_O. $_, _nd $30 and found.
a porters. $20, $25 and $30 and foun-.
. •» hotel porters. $20. $» and found
'ocX, baker, small shop, country, $55 found.
LAUNDRYMEN.
<- oncer. trator. $»0
V ar _?^ e P- !nt '' r : flicker hand. $4 a day.
js* a"**" 1 ban<l "* 5er - lul -ber company.
— M _ t * TtRAT * READY, C34 _nd 638 Clay et.
"BENCH hands ; p'.auer hand
Molder and nicker hand- door raolder
« cooper*. »c a fccrrel.
WOK.
« laborers ne_r city. $2 25 a day.
Oar.g e<_rerm_n, fare $1 2J> $ss to $70 foend.
. ' • SPECIAL.'
*i plumbers. 8 hour- country $4 day
1 plasterers. P hours, country. $5 day.
2.- carr>entfrs. S hours, country. $3 ftO day.
', paperhsngers »• hours, country. $4 daj\
ly painter*. * hour* country. $3 .V) day.
MT-RRAY * READY. «.H4-6."56 Clay St.
STABLEMAN, city. $75.
Piacftsmith h<"lp*>r, understands ateaai ham-
mer.
Ml'RRAY * READY. €34-638 Clay st.
FARAIER an<! »:?«•, cook 4 men, eo other wo-
men $40 «n<l found.
FREE FARE.
-0 rr.-rr— . $2 to $3 day.
. r ?; *in*:!* gold quartz mine, $67 50.
T«5 mu.rkrrs. pr.Jd quartz mine. $«t_ J>0.
Butcher, slaughter- house, ranch $30 found.
Ml'RRAY & READY. 634-«i?6 Clay St.
COOK, fare $1 _5, $60.
: 2 bakers' helpers, city and country. $30 fd.
< "horfir.an. drive milk wagon, city. $25 fd.
¦Waiter for mine, north. $30 and found.
Ml'RRAY - READY. 634-638 Clay St.
Cl RCVLAR wmwytr. sawmill. $100 found.
Shingle i-acker. boss h*-re. »40 found.
« 3 tf-amstrrs. city Job, $_ _5 day.
MIRRAY _ READY. 634-63* Clay st.
OWNERS!
THEY'RE HERE.
_."> sir._l" and double hand miners, $82 60.
IS ma chine miners., $;«O.
•_5 muckers, ft>7 5O.
14 .—and n.tners. $*C 50
All coed GOLD MINES.
ML'RRAY _ READY. «34-636 Clay st.
'BLACKSMITH, no shoeing, tare $1 25, $3 day.
OX TEAMSTERS.
• >» teamster, no trucking, $75 and found.
Fareier and wife. F&n Matt-o Co., $40 found.
. • BAKERS— LOOK.
.T?_k*T. mine 'company, ?45 found.
# ->con<i ccx'k. mine company, $40 found.
Rakfr and pastry baker, hotel, near city,
JT4 r» _ vA found.
_ -<">r molders. L. Co.. boss here, fiOc fare,
£_ .%0 to &3.
' Screw turner, S. C*. Co.. $75.
LAT.'NDRYMEN.
JT niarjcers. oountry. $15 week.
S«>conii marker, country. $15 week.
IVHsher. country. 115 week.
Murray _ ready, 6.-H-636 ciay «.
LATE SPEHALS.
Pb inter, we boss her^. $.» to $.1 R0 day: stick-
" cr haste, country mill: blacksmith, country
**iop. :s h*>nch hands, country planing- mill;
1" laborers, city job. board home, $] 75 day;
. 2 P'>rt/r*. city Institution. $20 and found;
•.{>otwi,!-hrr. city institution $25 and found.
* . MIRRAY & READY, *Ci4-636 Clay M.
_NV."nc. that"* you. c_n get from MURRAY
& READY, •'free." the book of labor, 72
5-ages., fully cartooned, entitled
: ' "LET Jl/!?TIOE PREVAIL." •
. • " The Labor Problem,
By
JIERRERT V. READY.
Author and Publisher. "
'. • €34 and 636 Clay rt.
8 DOYF, work in machine, shop, $4 week.
15 haymekerf, $32 50 found.
. Carriage painter, country.
s«-ond baker, exceptional good job, $50 fd.
Mliker, 25c fare, $.15 found.
J^ausasrerr.aker. 50c fare. $»U) and room.
: • 1 »r«irt)lf tree shaker and spindle shaper, (3
* • ,^-y.
M:?ker, city dairy. $40 found.
.' P— s_S washer, mine town. $40 found
MCRP.A.Y & READY,
634 and C3C Clay st.
.8 J1ORHESHOERS. city and country. $4 <j a y
<;srr:age painter, fare $1 50, plain work!
.. • $.'! M day.
." Foreman, carrienters, build houses.
* 1'airucr. able to hang paP'r, $2 to $1 day.
•l_rr>orcr, mix concrete, city. $3 50 dav.
. " LOOK !
""«"ck. dredi;»r. fare $1, 835 and found.
' Htiaw rissuwr. city. $2 50 day.
*Cbok end bak«»r, south, fare $4, $12 week.
. Coachman, $«0 and found.
¦ - ' • LOOK '.
P,r«_d bak«T, Portland, fare paid, $20 to $24
week.*
1 ¦ ¦ S an i uife. N_t>_ County, few men. mine.
*4.<« and found.
• <'akf baker, fare $1. $45 and found.
.Second Irrtad baker, fare $1 50, $4O and fd.
' «kc bsker. Fresno, $15 to $20 week.
:t carpent'i-f, factory, fare 30c, $3 day.
C_rpr_ t_ r. house ui.rk, C C. Co.. $'i*50 day.
2 a_r£_Bt_-, house*, city. $3 I>0 day.
" !'lat-t>rcr, fare 3Oc, $(i day.
4 carr^ntem, bridge work, $4 dav.
MirnriAY & READY. 634 and <«6 Clay st.
"MaS - "and wife, Scandlnsvian preferred, for
' summer resort to be worked on shares. Box
__Jr50, Oil office. Oakland.
WANTED — Three laborers. Fourteenth a\-e.
and N" rt. ttouth: take Kentucky-etreet car.
TO let — Barber ehop; furnished. Apply 1633
.Turk.i-t.
T_BB JtKP boy wanted. 641 »4 Stevenson st.
STOONO bny v/ar.ted. Apply JOHN QUADT
• K.14 Market «t.
•HO_£. wanted for cash and other purposes.
. Apply euperintendent'F offlce. The Emporium.
WANTED — Firs t-claes bufhelman. ROSE?.'-
liLt'M & ABRAHAM. 1103 Market rt.
<:a-RTUACE blac-emith helr«rr. 1370 Turk §„
HIGN.pa.inter; your.g man who can do bouse*
ra!n*Un«r; 6tea<Jy Job. 7D4 Foleom st.
WANTED- First-class barber; steady. i
VofU «t. -'¦'¦',
W.ANTEJ5— Shoemaker. 153» Mission st.
\\ AN>i:i>— a boctblack In barber rhop at 200
'..¦•.-. St.
T"'»R *al»-— Barbers, 2-^hair chop: good for $100
monthly; bargain. 1047 Broadway. Oakland.
"-'"H.AIR barber Fhop; flret-class business; a
m sv«<i char.cg. Apply Call office.
~~Q-C_Ut-ft barber shop for cale. Inquire'
WlhL. & FINCK. 21 O'Farrell st.
r.lvAD. !'rfa<3 ! read ! — Shop for sale; Dwlght
v.-ay. _5_2 firmtuck ave., Kerk'ley^
BA__g_tt_ ITU Interest In s~st7ict!y flret-
¦ ¦Issfc- ghop for Ka)«r; price $300. 410 Hares ¦_
'<VAN'7ED — Storekeeper for country; must be
»ell recommended. Address PACIFIC
PORTLAND CEMENT COMPANY. Cement,
:-•..* 1 '.. County. California. *
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
thst Ed Itoikln. R»no Hocte proprietor, bss
added 100 rwv room* to the Denver Hou»«,
. 217 Third rt. ; 250 rooms : 25c to 50c per n!?h_
GOVERNMENT positions — Call mx 925 Golden
tiate sve.. room 7. for free Information as
to Bot-itiors. -alaries. age limits, etc.; day
or c-.enlsgg. '
A MAN cf Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
«77 and 47* Parrott bufMUur. • , _
V.'ANTnn— First -class jeweler. Apply J. N.
PHILLirF. mfpr. Jeweler. 627 J St.. Sacra-
Bienlo. California, *
COATMAKER er bushelmaa lor country. Ap-
ply KEIES EHOS. A CO.. 24 Butter st,
A GOOD -Igrnpainter for a northern town. Box
SC75. Call office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
- -i ¦¦-: 638 MARKET ST.
... AUCTION
AUCTION ,
AUCTION
TUESDAY MAY 10. 1004
At our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon.
DOWNTOWN CORNER.
Northeast corner of Pine and Jones St.; lot
43x82:0; Nos. _C08 Pine and 1004 Jones St.;
Improvements Consist of large frame building
containing 22 rooms, including furniture^ etc..
leased for 5 years at a monthly rental of $210;
also ' a substantial residence containing 11
rooms and bath renting for $50 per month,
leased for one year, j This property will be
sold to close an estate; 'price will be subject
to the confirmation of the Probate Court.
MASON-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 5CS Mason St.. 82 feet north of Post.:
Improvements consist of 2-story dwelling, con-
sisting of 7 rooms and bath and renting for
$50 per month; water payable by tenant;
mortgage of $3000 at 6 per cent; could obtain
8 times this amount. This property is partic-
ularly valuable, being Immediately adjacent
to the corner.
BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
S.E. corner of Page and Lyon sts.; lot Zox
100 feet; Improvements consist of a modern
3-story building, consisting of 2 spacious
stores and 2 modern flats containing 8-0 rooms,
porcelain baths, finished attic, etc.; perma-
nently rented for $180 per month.
SEVENTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 316-316Vi Seventh st., SE. of
Folsom St.; improvements consist of 2 very
.fine flats of 8-4 rooms; rent $30 per month;
property in close proximity to the new Post-
office.
DOWN-TOWN BUILDING LOT.
N. line of Fulton St.. 150 west of Larkln:
lot 25x120 feet, through to Ivy ave. ; this is an
exceptionally desirable site, being absolutely
level and In the business vicinity. It would
be a particularly choice location for the erec-
tion of stores and flats', being only one-quar-
ter of a block from the New City Hall; mort-
gage of $3500 can remain
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 4033 19th st.. near Hartford; a new
modern cottage containing 5 rooms, porcelain
bath, patent flush toilet, open plumbing.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
Lot on the w*.>t line of Chenery St.. 175
feet N. of Randall: lot 25x125 feet.
MISSION CORNER.
S.E. corner of 19th and Sanehex ets. ; ex-
tremely large lots, 57x105 feet: stores and
flats erected on this property could be made
to pay handnnmeiy.
MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 64-6<J Sycamore ave., bet. 17th and ISth
sts.. east of Valencia: lot 26x100: improve-
ments consist of 2 very fine flats of 4-5 rooms
each; rents $30 per month.
DOWN-TOWN COTTAGE.
Northerly line of Valparaiso St., feet
east of Taylor; lot 23x60; Improvement con-
sist of a cottage of 5 rooms, renting for $15
per month.
( TEHAMA-STREET FLATS.
No. 440-42 Tehama Bt., west of 5th St.; Im-
provements two very fine flats of 5-6 rooms and
bath, renting for $45 per .month. This is a
safe investment and should be taken advan-
tage of. For further particulars, apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
639 MARKET ST.
REAL ESTATE Count ry — For Sal*.
71S ACRES adjoining Palo Alto at $60 per
acre: 100 acres full bearing prunes; 2 flrst-
class 10-room houses, stable, cowbarn. hay-
barn, prunehous*. storehouse; fenced In 5
fields; water piped to every building and
field. THORNE & KILPATIUCK. 312 Bush
St.. San Francisco.
GREAT bargain— Rich. Irrigated farms; big
canal; free water right; very cheap; easy
terms: homeseeker's opportunity. C. M.
WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market st. */;.
1400 ACRES at $8 BO per acre; only 90 miles
from San Francisco; to close up an estate;
see owner daily at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
INGE, 108 Jessie St., San Francisco.
ALFALFA lands, etock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
$350 — A FARM. 40 acres good land, good
hous*. running water, near P.O. Address H.
ROCK8TROH, Iversen, Mendocino County.
POIXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
LAST chance — $5 monthly; lots. any tract: fl— t
price, first choice; near sites bought for fac-
t->rle*. etc. M W. BELL. 211 Montgy., S. F.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED— Lot In Latin quarter; suitable for
flats; 25x70 cr 30x60. Box 17SG. CalL
WANTED — Western Add. property from $S00O
to $18.C0O. QANCO. GUNZ A. CO.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'_IENT$
ALAMEDA rPR~-SH— P FI,AT_.
TO rent — Alameda; sunny * 5-roora flat with
bath; 3 blocks from rallrcad: near baths; 1
hour from city. 1505 Fourth St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY Al>VERT'S f M'NT3
HKRKKLEV KKAL ESTATE.
$2<:C0— HALF block by the Santa Fe; $50
month.
$140O— New cottage. 5 rooms, bath, pantry,
city water, sanitary plumbing; lot 50x100; one
bkek from electric cars; $150 down, $25
mcnthly. '. -.
$850 — Neat cottage, 5 rooms and bath; near
strtlon of locaOtraln.
$500 — Lot • 60x120, on broad macadamized
street; $50 down, $10 monthly; Interest 6 per
cent net. "
$1200-— House, 4 rooms: garden, etc.; v 150
down. $10 per month.
$1S5O— House. 6 rooms and bath; lot 50x130;
small barn: street sewered.
$1250— Business corner on principal avenue;
lot 60x100.
$15C0— Lot for factory site, 221x125.
$250— Triangle lot. 40x120. with creek lined
with willows; $25 down. $10 month.
$1100 — House. 4 rooms; lot 47x125; $100 down,
$15 per month.
$375 — Business lot. 20x75; $20 down.
$250 — Lot, 50x100; $25 down. $5 month.
CHARLES A. BAILEY.
1050 University ave., nr. San Pablo ave..
West Berkeley.
OWNER ANXIOUS TO SELL AT ONCE.
_____
74 feet frontage, irregular depth: grand view
of Golden Gate and all bay points; only two
blocks from cars; 6 blocks from university;
$3750 house being built on adjoining lot; price
$32 50 per foot; street work all done. Address
box 1146. Call offlce. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BB0ADWAY.
~ i
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
j BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$365 and $32 50 monthly — Handsome new
7-room house, now being . completed, on lot
83:4x100, on Sycamore st., near Telegraph
ave., In the beautiful Merrell property; to be
finished In curly redwood, whitewood and
birdueye maple, with tiled bathroom. Pur-
chaser can now sslcct mantel, gas and elec-
trical - fixtures and tinting.
$34 per foot — Lot COxlOOA on Jonea St.. bet.
Telegraph ave. and Grove st. Grab it quick!
Fine for flats.
$1050— Very choice lot. 40x115; College
Heights; 34th and Dwtnelle sts.
$3100 — 11 per cent Income investment and
good speculation; fine flats, with oO-toot lor,
splendidly located, near San Pablo ave., in
rapidly advancing district; rents $27, and. can
be increased; might consider good lot in, part
payment.' . - .
52500 — One of the best chances yon'v^ ever
had: a nice 6-room cottage, with lot 30x100.
en Jones st., near Telegraph ave. • Very cen-
tral. BELDEN. REAL ESTATE. 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland. . ' " '
LOTS $50 each: $5 cash; $5 monthly: It Is sel-
dom you find such property for the money;
100x100 for ?_0O; our new tract. Jessie
' Jones, and it'* a beauty; come and see It.
Lots — $75; $5 cash. $5 monthly: as level as
a pancake and the good Is there; alze.25x
100, or any oth;r s!s» you may wish for up
A to 28 acres; Je»sle Jones tract, fronting on
Hlgh-st. boulevard, 00 feet wide; adjoining
East Oakland: soil the beatj view Is grand;
no focts nor raw winds; near cars and school;
a delightful home site: call or send tor clr-
- cular; 455 Seventh St., opp. Broadway sta-
tion. Oakland ; carriage free. H. Z. JONKS.
owner.. . ¦ , v
' • A 8NAP.
$1050 only for * rt- room cottage with bath,
etc.. in East Oakland; easy turma. P. C. LAS-
SEN & CO.. 4t!«! Tenth st.. Oakland, Cal.
100x100, WITH small 4-room house, on 45th
¦1 st.-. Oakland. $1830. Apply to C. K. KING.
464 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND riRjnTPKE FOR 8ALEL
TC^MORROTv^nedayfortiart-Tns In -
ture. H. Schellhaas,llth st..cor.store,Oakla_d.
PERSONALS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed by the use of
"STENZIE."- the most wonderful and ef-
fective' dcrmatological preparation ever placed
before the public; will remove permanently
¦ any growth of hair that can be presented;
will not injure the most delicate skin: demon-
stration free. Mrs.. EjG.Henderson.320A Ellis,
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."'
Don't forget the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 781 O'Farrell St.. near Larkln.
Call or write for book, free.
"Hints on Beauty."
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray halr."lm-
proves Its growth, stop* falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
ccpt no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
A— MICROTINB.' a positive cure for catarrh,
cold In the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO., 272 9th.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled Fpeclalizt from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant a,ve. Worst cases cured.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st. .yj^ ¦
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell srt.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugi dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark 'Co..
812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.
"VITAL Ring" cures weak men; $2 50, poit
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Geary. S.F.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers. 1170 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptlon Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1; at all druggists'.
PALMISTRY.
THE secrets of personal magnetism for 25c.
Address H. W. H., 1427 Buchanan st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAINTING. FAPEKHANG-ZTO. ETC.
PAINTING, papering and tinting done cheap;
all work done first class. Tel. Larkln 4171.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR 8 J^K-
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 POST ST.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$25,000. A
Vicinity O'Farrell. Geary and Jones st. rnne
lot; aunny location; guaranteed to pay over 10
per cent net on total Investment of $50,000;
this is a bargain worth Investigating.
$\0,250— Splendid building of 2 flats of 7 rooms
and bath each; large lot. 35 feet front-
age, on east fide of street, with eunny
exposure; rents $D5 per month; price
reduced for immediate sale; Presidio
Heights district; close to Sacramento-
et. ' car-.
$6,700— Rents $5.8 per month; Broadway, near
Hyde-st. cars: 2 flats of 4 and 0
rooms and bath each; rear house of 3
rooms; always rented.
$10,000— Rents $900 per year; 3 flats on Hayes
st. of 5, 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
lot 25x137:6; this is worth Investigating.
$5,750— Rents $52 per month: building on
California st. of 3 email flats, which are
always occupied; separate entrances;
the plumbing in good order; part cash
If desired. ,\ ,:
$5,50X) — Rents $CS per "month: large lot. SOx
137:6, on a main street, near Union;
no 3mall thoroughfare; 5 separate ten-
ants; each of 4 and 5 rooms: a splendid
Income property; call for particulars of
this at once.
$4,750 — New residence on the north, sunny
Ride of Clement st.: cam passing: splen-
did marine view; house has 7 rooms and
bath; lot 25x100.
$13,000— Monthly rentals $135; new building of
6 reparate flats of 5 rooms and bath
each: half blork from Sutter-st cars;
lot 50xl_0; splendid Income paying prop-
erty.
$70,000 — Large downtown holding on a promi-
nent corner: 2 blocks below -Market:
100x150; rents $4200 per annum; store
and flats.
$20,500 — Rents $1SOO per annum; large down-
town business corner, norlh of Market
st. and east of Larkln. on car line;
stores and dwellings in good condition;
profit can be realized on this holding
in short time.
$7,250 — At junclon Guerrero st. and San Jos?
ave.; price $7250: only $3250 cash re-
quired: new building of 2 stores and 2
flats; lot 36:3x87:10; rents .$71 per
month; mortgage of $4000 at 6 per
cent per annum can remain, leaving $51
per month gross for the $3250 cash in-
vested; more than 18 per cent fm the
money invested; street bltumlnlied.
cement sidewalk, brick foundation. 8-
foot basement; porcelain baths, patent
flush water cloiets. cement washtrays,
new gas fixtures and plumbing. ¦ *
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
BRANCH offlce of
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
Corner II st. and Seventh ave..
Fronting Golden Gate Park.
Offlce open every day. Including Sundays and
holidays. Horse and phaeton to show property;
splendid line of choice building lots In Sunset
District Parnassus Heights and Richmond.
Terms— $30 to $100 ca*h.
PROPERTY OWNERS.
Parties owning property in Richmond and
Sunset districts will find It to their advantage
to list their property with us. either for sale
or rent We have an office right on the ground
to facilitate business. Open every day In the
year. Cor. H at. and 7th ave.. fronting the
i Park. .
COMPULSORY PARTITION SALE.
Grand marine .vfbw lots, $125O and upward,
on Green, Baker and Union sts.
One-third less than adjoining lots are selling
for. Lots are selling fast.
Streets sewered and all lots on the grade.
flight on car line and in improving neigh-
borhood.
Peremptory offering. Easy terms If desired.
O. H. FERGUSON.
409 California St. Tel. Exchange 409.
LOTS ON THE KEY ROUTE ~
V AT HALF THE PRICE of similar property
I In San ¦ Francisco. You enn get good level
lota in the heart of Oakland, .with sidewalks
. laid .-ind' otreet: work done, ready to build
on without grading or filling, and within
.3 blocks of a public school. The KEY
ROUTE, with Us smooth-running, rapid elec-
tralns and clean, swift 'boats. IS BUILD-
ING A BRANCH PAST THE DOOR. See
owner,: F. M. Tcdd, floor 7. room 8, Mills
building, city, or 1314 Arch ¦ street, . North
¦Berkeley. • Terms cash. :-* .
11.55 PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots In th»
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level; no
grading to do: ready to build your little horn*
on' close to electric cars and school.
--' W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery St.. room — .
¦
$32CO — CHEAP corner lot. COxllO: close In
town; Webster st., near Filbert: within 1
• block 2 lines of cars; level; ready to build
on. Owner. 30O9 Buchanan st.
~~~ REMOVAL NOTICE. " ~
The office of the Jacob Heymani Company has 1
been removal to offlce Of OSCAR HEYMAN.
¦ ,14 Peat -t.~ .. .••..-•¦• ...¦•'•¦ -". " . ¦
BUILD your unimproved realty; we loan full
cost improve nnd part: lot at 0%. MANHAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed ~ first ; class by ' ALH-
. BACH t. MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
1 received at Cull branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ftnd
••. subscriptions has been established .at 1O00
Valencia st. •..;.;¦ : ;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
¦ 16 pajes. In .wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS FOB llOOSEKEEPrtO.^
ALL sunnyVbest in city; 3 or 4 rooms furnlsU-
ed or unfurnts_ed. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENTS. 15U0 Sacramento 3t.. near Larkin.
ELLIS. 611 — Nicely furnished sunny alcov*
room, light housekeeping; bath and phone.
FELL, __— 3 sunny housek9eplng rooms.
FULTON, 233—- connecting rooms: complete
for hskpg.; ras rangj; grate: no children. L
GEARY. -1CS— 3 *unny, clean, nicely furnished
rooms.
GUERRERO, 104 — Three connected furnished
rooms; regular kitchen: adults; references.
HARRISON. 731— Front and back parlor fur-
nished for housekeeping: $15^
JONES. 611— Back parlor, with connecting
kitchen; running water; bath; laundry.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Plnf—
Sunny, furnished 3-ro^.m suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted: free baths; rate $-1O up
MCALLISTER. OW ' Bpuny suites: gas range;
hot bath; laundry: phone: $14-$1.V$7. ¦
OAK. l_5»i— 3 large furnished housekeeping
1 rooms, lower floor. $15.
PINE. 9,'<8B — 3 rooms and bath; complete;
flooded with sunshine; gas range; $18.
TURK, 10 — Furnished housekeeping room.*:
reasonable.
TWELFTH. 145 — Furnished sunny suites of 3
. and :> rms. for housekeeping; rent reasonable
TWENTY-EIGHTH. SIR— 2 sunny furnishe-
housekeeping rooms; water; separata en-
trance; $C per month.
STOCKTON*. 120«. Molel House — Housekeepln-
and single rooms. $5 to $12; cas. •
UNION. 1844—2 furnished or unfumish»d
front rooms; suitable for housekeeping.
VAN NESS ave.. 407— Front sunny suite, fur-
nished, for rent. _
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
APARTMENT HOP3--,
A— CORLOVA APARTMENTS
Will be fini*hed March 15
1CS4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny: 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each: a!l unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservs tfons now.
ST.CEC1LE. 115 Fell. above Van Ness a.ve. — Th»
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments. with private baths,
steam ht-at, electric light. elevator, gas ranges;
yu>. $35, $37. $40. $15. $47 50. $50. $55.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st.— Modem 3-4-5
moms; also single: furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phone East 1350.
ROOM- TO LET — Kurn. and Vaturn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
¦ light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 2.V. 50e. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1126 Market Cold No. 13«W)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 1304 — Sunny front bay-window
room: closet, running water: rea_. ; gentleman.
CLARA. 160, near Fifth— Four rooms; rent $12.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located; sunny single rooms
and sultfs. with private baths, hot and cold
water. 3team heat, electric lights, phone every
room ; elevator. Phone East 1317 If desired.
EDDY. 110. oppfslte Tivotl Theater: "Th»
I_iunstan"; fir*t-cla»9 rooms; special rates.
ELLIS. 611— Nicely furnished, sunny rooms,
suitable for two; strictly quiet; bath. phon*.
FOR single gentleman, in private home im>
other roomers), a Urg?. sunny, furnished
room. with, bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park 'entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2g_4. CaU office.
GEARY. 600 — Elegant sunny front bay-window
rooms: piano; other rooms; kitchen.
GOUGH. 730 — Sunny furnished rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 5U>— Newly furnished
/ruoms; suitable for 1 or 2; private home;
' t'hone. _________
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 05a
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $ti wk. : reading-room.
GRANT ave., 7 — Nicely furnished, sunny suite;
also single rooms: $2 50 to $6 week.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 719 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nlEhtd suites and single rooms.
LARKIX. 804 — Sunny front room; 1 or _ per-
sons; *7: large back room, $S.
MCALLISTER. 907 — Nicely furnished sunn7
room; laundry; yard; German family: $5.
OAK, 41'J — Elegantly furnished parlors; piano;
other rooms; all sunny.
ROYAL House, 12G Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night. :f5c t» $1 50; week. $2
U- $8; month. ?8 to $10; elevator on ground
floor; roomn with hot and cold water: baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1611— A neat and very sunn/
basement room for gentleman; private fare.
THE ST. KATHRYN. NE. cor. Leavenworiii
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms In the city; re-
hotel: Just furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattresses. In every room; also hot and col'l
water, baths, etc.; steam heat throughout:
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence; rooms from $:i per week up.
THE Mayflower. 308 Third— Nice quiet family
house; elegant rooms; 25c. 50c, 75c. $1 night.
UNITED STATES. 12-1 Eddy, near Market — t;<O
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator.read.-room: free bus: baggage
UNFURNISHED rooms, suitable for drej3-
making ladies' tailor or light manufacturing.
. Apply A. ROY HARRISON. 140 Geary st.
VAN NESS ave.. 510— Elezant front paxlur*
and adjoining suite for offlce or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
.Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $_ to $$ week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus: bagga?^.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church st*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Ftfih.
Open until 11 p. m.
rooms and board.
hotei^bxCtimore. ' *~"
1015 van ness ave.. near geart st.
select and first class.
phone private exchange 70«t
GOLDEN GATE are., 1224— Elegant large,
front alcove room, gas, bath, running water,
with board; suitable for two; private family.
VAN NESS ave.. 944 — Board, room, tabte
board, sunny rooms; rates reasonable. Ellis
and Geary sts. cars; phone Hyde 4348.
HARRISON. 5OO. cor. First — First-class tabla
board; excellent cooking; $4 to $5 week.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41? Sutter— Sunny suite*.
single rms.; excellent table: moderate prices.
POWELL, 502 — Large sunny corner room; also
double for 2 gents; $22 50: also single.
THE NIARA, 615 Taylor st. — Sunny suites and
single rooms. $25 up. Phone Sutter 1496.
UNION. 82»1 — 2 large sunny furnished rooms;
board If desired. Inquire 1546 Powell st.
ROOMS WANTED.
'STRANGER would like room and breakfast;
private family; Al. Box 1M3. Call .office.
STABLES TO LET.
FOUR stalls for horses and wagon shed to let.
4200 Eighteenth St.. corner Collingwood. '
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSE-.
A^G1LBERT~~& STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packi-g. shipping warehouse. G. O. and Van
Ness: office- 1236 Market, r. »4: tel.South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 7_3-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
P1FRCE-RODOLPH Storage _ Mjvtn* Co.. n{~
flee Pqst and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 57L
CONKLJN'S Storage — Furniture and merctaau-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 12d.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
" Mission St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W; Zehfusj.
PACIFIC 8tr>rage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FiHmore St.; phone Jackson 2SL
BEKItfS Vnn and Storage Co.. II Montgome-y
St.; tel. Main IS40. Shipping at cut rates.
.___ . gPEClA_JSTS._
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR3
positively cured: uew methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free Dr. Cottlngham 204 Butter st.
Continued on Pa^e Fourteen. __
MOXEY TO LOAX — Continued.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 "Examiner BulldJna;.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly. !
Estates, eecond mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in tnibt,
etc.; legacies, life estates, and undivided in-
terests In property purchased
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. '
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 5V5 AND 0 PER CENT
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on city, Oakland, town
and country real estate.
Second mortgages, estates in probate, undi-
vided Interests In real estate, property in
trust; loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
107-S-9 CROCKER BUILDING.
POST AND MARKET STS.
WILL LOAN '
*S A reasonable amount on
. , 1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
* Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call offlce.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 10 Third.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstaire). loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
sbsolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton :phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant?, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. B53 Parrott bid.
THE United Loan and TruBt Co., 21 Stockton
*t. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuable* at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484. •
AT lowest rates on furniture 'and pianos; strict
prjvacy;no commlssion;installments accepted.
, BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st., rm. 7.
MONET to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav Bk.
bid.; Oakland offlce, 1103% Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed, notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONKY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
m per cent on furniture and planes; no com.
charged. ELFVINO. 616 Hearst bldg., Ex. ent.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per. cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building, 708 Market st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser.. MORKLL. 609 Examiner building.
Mt'SICAI. IXSTR-JIKNTS.
A SPLENDID BARGAIN LIST:
1 Erard; upright; good order $50
1 Bc:d; upright; good order 60
1 Belmont; new; walnut case 140
1 Sterling; walnut case 160
1 Leins; walnut case; fine order 17S
1 Mendelssohn; oak case 190
1 Rudolph; used three months 215
1 Chlckering; ebony case 228
1 Curtaz; mahogany case; used IS mo... 2tt0
1 Steck; full size rosewood case 300
1 Eteinway; fine order 323
1 Vose; mahogany case; used 7 mo.... 340
1 Knabe; used one year; walnut case; easy
payments: fully guaranteed. BENJ. CUR-
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
PIANOS for rent; $;*. per month; .the largest 1
and best Etock in San Francisco to select-
frcm; pianos from $30 upward: our line the
best our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. fiW-U4 Hayes at.
RENTING Is our specialty; $2 up; apply en
purchase; Installments $4 up. HEINE!
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.; Oakland, 1252
Broadway. '
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
$25; uprights. $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZT, 30? Post st.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos almost
Kiven away. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister at.
$105 — STEINWAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister St.
3-FEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
EOHMER. Byron Mouzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZT. .".0S-.112 Post »t
aitisic.
PUBLISHED to-day — "The C)uest." 60c. and
"By the Riverside," 60c, and for sale by
A. WELCKER. 331 Pine st., /5an Francisco.
Cal.; also to be had at or ordered through
leading music dealers.
OFFICES AND STOItKS TO LET.
FOLSOM. 935— Large airy store; well lighted;
also 3 larze rooms: yard: will lease.
BASEMENT to let at 1CS Fourth st.
. PARTNERS AVAXTED.
$1CCO— PARTNER; lady or gentleman; good
paying proposition. Box 1S92. Call offlce.
PHYSICIANS AND SUKOiEO.Y*.
DR C C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence,
1021'4 Market st.. bet. €th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED—DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
patt four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth. *
DR TONG -PO CUT, successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. *he famous herb doctor — AH dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay st.
~ " BOOTS JOB SALE.
BONDS for sale — Notice is hereby given that
sealed bids will be received until 2 o'ciock
p. m., Saturday,. May 28, 1004, by the Board
of Control of the Territory of Arizona, at the
office of said board In the City of Phoenix.
Arizona for the sale of Ten Bondg of the
denomination of .Qjie. Thousand Dollars each
bearing date January 1, 1904. due and pay-
able January 1, 1W». bearing Interest at ihe
rate of five per cent (5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five year*, issued by the Ter-
ritory of Arizona, in accordance with ths
provisions Jf Act No. 73 of the Twenty-sec-
ond Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
and which act has been aporoved" by . the
Congress of the United States, Interest on
mid bonds will be paid seml-annually on
the first dsy of January and July of each
year, and both prmclpal and Interest payable
in gold coin of the United States at the of-
fice of the Treasurer of said Territory. A
certified check of a responsible bank for 5
per cent of the amount of the bid, payable
to the order of E. E. Klrkland, Territorial
Treasurer,: and a copy of this advertisement
rtust accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
to make payment in full upon allotment and
tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of the check
accompanying the. same. Ths board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be . sealed - and addressed to the Board
of . Control, Phoenix.- Arizona; and marked
"Proposals for , purchase of Insane Asy'.um
Hondi>." '•-¦--.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES. -;
AN exceptionally good No.. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and. lower: prices; rentals- $2 50. .The
Typewriting. Exchange. 636 California st. I
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
• gomery ' st. • " .
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
-. Web_t*r Typewriter Inspec. Co.. .BOS Market.
SPECIAL NOTICES. -— -
Ladies! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Bend 4o
stamps for particulars. ."Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist:
Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadelphia, rs> ¦
COLUMNS WILL BRUNO MftNirOLD RETURNS. TRY IT» J. J. McDevitt.- who" for fourteen years served
the Merchants' Exchange In a clerical capacity
andwhodted Saturday after; a painful' Illness,
will be burled to-day at Holy Cross Cemetery
Services will be held at St. Brigid's Church.
Will Be Buried - To-Day.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that James Wholey has an interest
in certain land in Sacramento County,
claimed by R. E. Cavanaugrh. Cav
anaugh's father and ' Wholey are al
leged to have made a verbal • agree
ment that they should each have a
half interest in the land in dispute.
The- property was deeded to . Cava
naugh Sr.-.by the Central Pacific and
the son brought suit to quiet his' title
to the entire tract. The lower court
decided In favor of Cavanausrh, • but
the Supreme Court has ordered 1 a n*>;v
trial.
Wholcy Wins Contest.
The United States gunboat Marblehead, Cap
tain Phelpfc. arrived yesterday. 36 hours from
San • Diego, and proceeded direct to the Mare
Island Navy Yard. The Marblehead' left here
October 22 for Panama in ¦ company with the
Concord and AVyomlng. Admiral Glass was on
the Marblehead and the gunboat remained ' the
flagship of the squadron until the arrival at the
isthmus of the New York, ¦ when the> admiral
transferred '¦ his flag to the • big ' cruiser. . The
Marblehead returned from the isthmus at a
leisurely gait, calling at many ports on - the
way. '.-'--:. . ¦
Marblehead Returns.
Time Ball.
Branch Ilydrographlc Office, U. S. N Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
¦ May 2. 1004. •
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
i. t.,,at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich. time. J. C BURNETT
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
Sun, 3Ioon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey/—
Time and Height of High' and Low Waters
at Fort Point, ' entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
: • the Superintendent.
' - NOTE— The high and low -waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street < wharf) about 25
minutes later -than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the ?amc at both places.
... t fV TUESDAY, MAY 3.
1 Sun rises .5:12
Sun ¦ sets .' .7:02
Moon rises ....10:43 p." m.
0 jTlmej .jTlme], Time '¦ iTimel
p ( Ft. 1 Ft. — Ft. l——\ Ft.
«,,|HW L,W| II. W |L"W|
*3 1:07 5.4 8:02—0.2 3:12 4.6 7:46 3.2
4 1:52 B.O 8:02 0.0 4:07 4.U 8:40 3.2
,B 2:43 .4.7 0:45 0.4 5:05 4.0 10:02 * 3.2
0 3:42 4.3 10:35 0.7 6:00 4.6 11:20 3.2
7 4:48-4.011:20 1.0 0:40 4.6
• L W V - H,W ' L \V H W .'
8 0:30 3.0 6:05 3.0 12:17 1.3 7:2« 4.9
9 1:25 2.7 7:12 3.8 l:yo 1.5 8:00 .B.O
1 NOTE— In .the above', exposition" of the, tides,
thfl early morning tides . are - given In the- left
hand column : and the successive tides of the
Tho American barks Mohican and Andrew
Welch Balled in through the Golden Gate yes
terday abreast of each other. - The hull of each
vessel showed , small and sharp beneath a moun
tain of canvas and each narrow nose plowed
a furrow of sparkling foam In the swell upon
which the white winged packets rode. Inside
the Mohican took the lead and was letting "fco
her rlchor when the Welch rounded to In the
quarantine grounds. It was the Andrew
Welch, however, that had made :the better
passage from Honolulu. With 27,370 bags of
eugar in her hold she came up In 22 days.
The Mohican was 28 days on the way. She
brought 21,738 bags of sugar.
Sail Into Port in Company.
An entertainment is to be given in
Native Sons' Hall next Friday evening
in aid of the Infant Shelter, one of the
prominent charitable institutions of
this city. Jt is to be under the direc
tion of the""Beehive Circle," composed
of a number of the best known society
ladies of this , city. Florence B.
Schroth is president and Mildred F.
Harter is secretary. Among the Avell
known members of the circle are: Mrs.
Byron Mauzy, Miss Alice Schroth. Miss
Minnie Huffschmidt, Mrs. Hernan,
Miss Amelia Fapoli -and Miss Millie
Singer. The Infant Shelter, which is
a non-sectarian home, where fchildren
are left and cared for by the day^while
parents are employed at their daily
vocations, and Avhere foundlings are
also cared for, finds itself at this time
greatly in need of aid, therefore the
benefit. The programme- will include
numbers by the Olympic Club, a
drama and a farce, also musical num
bers by well-known vocalists. l
For the Infant Shelter.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. May 4
City Seattle.. Skagway & AVay Ports. May 6
Farallon Skagway A Way Ports. May 8
nertha .% Valdez & Way Ports.. May 10
Corwln.... .. Nome May 12
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. May 13
Santa Ana... A'aldez & Way Ports.. May 18
ARRIVED.
Intelligence.
Monday, May 2.
U S stmr Marblehead, Phelps, 36 hours from
San Diego (Navy-yard direct).
Stmr China. Frlele. .27 days 17 houra 9 min
utes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 days 17
hours 9 minutes, via Honolulu 5 days 17 hours
31 minutes. • ¦
Stmr Pomona. Swanson, 17 hours from Eu-
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 12 hours from San
Vicente Landlnz.
Stmr Gualala, Haneen, IS hours from Al
. Stmr W. H. Kruger, Bowdicn, 28 hours from
Eureka, bound south, put In to land passen-
Ce stror Elizabeth. Jansen. 49 hours from Ban
dcn.
Stmr Czarina, Johnson, 45VJ hours from
Coos Bay. ¦
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 22 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Nome City. Bonlfleld. 63 hours from
Astoria, bound for San Pedro, put In for pas
.Stmr State of California, Thomas, 42 hours
from San Diego.
Stmr MIneola, Klrkwood. S3 hours from Ta-
C °Bark Mohican. Kelly. 28 days from Hono
lulu. .
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, 22 days from
Honolulu.
Bktn Archer. Lancaster. 18 days from Hon
olulu. '
Schr Glen. Olaen, 16 hours from Mendocino.
Schr Jennie Grtffln. Gibson. 3 hours from
Bollnas. ! .- ?'«**•»««
Schr Mary C, Campbell. 9 hours from Bo
dCta V \ ' BAILED.
• Monday, May 2
Stmr Acme, Lundquist. Redondo.
. Stair Lakme. Christensen. Eureka.
Stmr George -W. Elder, Randall. Astoria.
Strnr W. H. Kruger, Bowdich." San Pedro.
Stmr . Scotia, Johnson. San Vicente Landing
Stmr Nome City, Bontfleld. San Pedro. .
Stmr . South Coast, Olsen. • Caspar.
Stmr Greenwood. Swanson. Russian Gulch.
' Stmr j Rainier. . Hansen, . Seattle. • .¦>
Stmr San Mateo. Ross. Tacoma. ""
Schr Lettltla, Anderson, Golovln Bay.
Steamer. » Destination. [ Sails.! Pier.
~ ~ May 3. !
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 10 am [Pier 2
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pmPler 2
Chehalis... Wlllapa Harbor .. 5 pm|PIer —
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am|Pler 13
Eureka Humboldt J*am|Pler 13
Argo i Eel River Ports... 4 pm|Pler 2
S. Cruz. [San Pedro & Way. 9 amIPler 11
I May 4.
Elizabeth., i CoqulUe Klver 10 am Pier 20
Alliance : TJureka & Coos B Pier 1«
Arctic ' Humboldt • * 9 am Pier 2
Pomona I Humboldt l:30pPler 9
May 5. |
Iaqua Humboldt .......:. 1 pmlPler 2
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm;Pier 2
State of Cal Pan Diego & Way. 9 amIPier 11
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 9
Sierra Sydney & AVay... 2 pmlPler 7
May 6. I
Coronado... Los Angfles Ports. 10 amIPler 10
May 7.
Spokane Humboldt l:30p!Pler 0
Centennial. Seattle i- Tacoma. 5 pm|Pler 20
Sequoia.... Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm PW 2
Bontta Newport & Way.. .9 amlPler tl
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2O
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Mongolia... China & Japan 1 1 pm Pier 40
Acapulco... >•. Y. via Panama.! 12 mi Pier 40
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 amjPler 11
May 8. |
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 amjPler 11
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 10
: May 9.
North Fork. Humboldt 8 pmlPler 20
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm.Plcr 10
May 10. I
Senator.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 12.
G. AV. Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pie.r 21
Amer.-Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor | .|Pler -r
' PIEDRAS BLANCAS— CALIFORNIA.
(List of Lights, Buoys and - Day marks. Pa
cific Coast, 1IMH. page 17):
Notice is hereby given that Pledraa Blancas
whistling buoy, painted red and lettered "P
B." In white, three -fourths of a mile SW by
AV 1,4 \V from Plodras Blancas Lighthouse sea
coast of California. Is adrift, going south
slowly. An effort will he made to anchor and
muffle the buoy temporarily: It will be re
placed In its proper position as soon as prac
ticable. By order of the Lighthouse Board
AV. P. DAY. Commander, U. S. N.,
Inspector Twelft Lighthouse District.
Notice to Mariners.
, The steamer City of Puebla sailed on Satur
day for Victoria with a general merchandise
carco consigned to the port of destination and
to thp principal British Columbian ports, val
ued nt $13,790 and Including the following:
- 1W.2 pkgs fresh fruits. 121 pkgs fresh vege
tables. 47,830 lbs molt. 501) gals 4ti rs wine. 12
cs canned goods, r>r;75 lbs raisin?. 0527 lbs dried
fruit. 414 lbs hop3. 1044 lbs butter, 38 pkgs
groceries and : provisions. 4;:j) pkgs paste, 1440
lbs meals, 77S* Ib» coffee. 20 cs syrup. 10 cs
honey,, la t-ks hop roots, 25S lbs> leaf tobacco,
15 barn Iron, ",S pea Eteel. 1369 lba sheet lead.
13 bales twine, 125 rolls roofing, 2.'1 cyls gae, 5
pkgs paints and oils. .2 rolls leather, 7 pkss
machinery, 30C5 lbs bluestonc, 08 cs arms and
ammunition, 23 pkgs drugs and sundries. 1
The steamer also carried 41.250 lbs dried
fruit and 25 cs canned fruits, valued at $17X1,
enJ route to Winnipeg, Canada, and 113 ca
canned goods. 33?ca salmon. 1365 lbs dried
fruit and 2 cs groceries, valued at $722, en
route td Suva, FIJI Islands.
,\ Carjco for Honolulu.
The bark W. H. Dirnond sailed on Saturday
fcr. Honolulu with an assorted cargo, valued
at $10. 105 and including the following:
100 bbls flour, I?C5 ct!s barley, C40 bales hay,
7124 lbs bran. 5G.10O lbs salt. 4(i».'{ lbs bread.
150 c« canned goods. 200 lbs dried fruit. 2300
pals wine. 1U0Q lbs lard. f50 ca baking powder.
13 pkgs paste, 21 cs mineral water. 240. gals
vinegar. ¦ i:t,cs olive oil. 38 coils rope. 7000 lbs
soda. 598 steel rails. X pkgs paint, 'Zl pkgs axle
grease, 1533 gals gasoline. M pkffs soap. 13423
It lumber, loO bales paper. 7 pkgs paints, 125
bbls lime, 81 pkgs mlllwork, 1 pkg machinery.
*
Exports for the Xortli.
The Norwegian ship Theodor. which was
cleared on Saturday for Algoa Bay. via Port
Townsend. carried 747.714 feet lumber, valued
at. $14,300. as carco irom'thls r*>rt.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
JfEWS OF THE OCKAX.
The -rate of Insurance on tho French bark
Lamoriciere was advanced yesterday to CO per
cent. She Is 'out ISt days from Now Cale
donia for Glasgow. Tho Lamorna is quoted at
00 per cent and the Alba at 10 per cent.
The steamship Portland will sail for Nome
on May ZU In charge of Captain J. M. Hays,
who commanded the St. Paul In this trade for
bo many years. The captain Is a bar pilot
now, but, having leave of absence, takes this
opportunity of seeing his friends In Alaska
again.
* .
The Overdue 1,1st.
; • -
Will Take a Trip North.
McDevitt was foe ten years nisht clerk, and in
that time was not away from his post on a
single occasion. He leaves three- children.
AMERICAN BARKS MOHICAN
AND ASDSEW WELCH, WHICH
ARRIVED YESTERDAY
TO SAIL
Steamer. From. I Due.
Alliance i Portland &. Way Ports.!May 3
Chehalis I San Pedro |May 3
Montara | Seattle > IMay 3
Centennial...! Seattle & Tacoma |May 3
Acapulco.... I New York via Panama-jMay 3
Porno I Point Arena & Alhlon.lMay 3
Hero ! Oyster Harbor jMay 4
Oregon Portland & Astoria May 4
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. May 4
Fanta Rosa. . San Diego & Way Pt«.»May 5
Spokane Humboldt JMay 5
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena|May 5
Iiifiua San Pedro May 5
Newburg Grays Harbor May 5
Coronado Grays Harbor May 6
Kuieka Humboldt May «
North Fork.. Humboldt May 6
M. Dollar San Pedro May «
Sequoia Willapa Harbor IMay 8
Senator Puget Sound Ports IMay fi
G. Dollar Grays Harbor May 6
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor May 7
Argo Kel River Ports May 7
Pomona Humboldt May 8
Santa Cruz..' San Pedro & Way Pts. May M
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma May 8
G. W, Elder. . Portland & Astoria May 9
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. May U
San Pedro Grays Harbor May 10
Alameda Honolulu |May 10
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports IMay 11
Peru New York via Panama. IMay 13
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the sounding 1 of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
E. S. Rensun, Mrs. E. S. Benson. Miss R.
Berner. Hugo i>I-.ig. Colonel AV. K. Bodley. B.
Bradley, MIs« IJrooksmlth. H. Bubb. T. Bunt,
AV. IX. Carruth, W. M. Castle Mrs. AV. M.
Castle, Mrs. A. Clarko, Mrs. F. Dorr, Miss C.
Dorr. V. Dolliver. B. Fayrr.onvlllc. T. FubI
wara, G. M. Flsoher. Mrs. Fischer. Miss Grad
well, C. H. Goddp.rd, W. von Gonzenbach,
Mrs. von Gonzenbach. C. W. Guerln, Mrs.
Gurrln and child, .7. Gustorf. Mi*s M. Hase-
Bawa, Mrs. J. Mo«>s, Mrs. H. M. Lull. Mies
M. J. Ramane, Mies C. Peters-on, Mrs. L. G.
Kellog. K. Y. LI. MIph H. Collins *M. L. R»
penbeldt, M.~h. S. B. Pratt. Miss Mary Rose,
W. Wnterhouse. Miss Anderson. V. Uerrmnnn,
Tor.g Hon. (3. Kenina, D. Kennedy. Mia* A. P.
Klein, J. G. Kinegche. L. K. von Knobioch.LI AVel
Kong, King Sul Kong, K. W. Kwong. Master
Kwonff. Z. Kusaba. Q.fC Lacey, A. -Lawless.
Tan Sui Ley, Rev. AV. II. Llngle. Mrs.- W. H.
Linglv. MIfs D. Llngie, Miss M. Lingle, Lieu
tenant Commander <;. AV. McElroy Dr. J. S.
McFarland. A. G. McLachlan. F. I\ Meserve,
Lo Chi Mlns. Bishop D. H. Moor? Mrs -L">. H.
Moore and maid. Mrs C. M. McNe.111. Mrs F
B. McCauley. AV. AVilliamson. Iiev. H. Bing
ham. . Mrs. Sydia Coan. Mr". Kate Perrlne,
Mrs. Anita Perrinp. Mrs. W. -Hoffman. Mrs.
C. V. Weaver. J. F. Hamburg, J Mrs. Kreutz
man, II. A. Thurston.E. Smith. Dr. AV. Mul
ler. William Patterson, Miss Abbey Pearson.
Mrs. F. J. Perrlne, F. Relchlet, Captain J. H.
Russell. M. E. Sanrtall. Dr. H. K. Sehumake.
Mrs. ; Schumnkp. K. B. Kkottowe, 'Mrs. J.
F. Smith. Frank W. Spicer: Mrs. Leland Stan
ford, maid and valet; W. R. Tucker. A. G M
WeaJe. W. B. AVhlte. Mrs. White Miss Wil
kinson, C. W. Yale. Yee Shi Yi, f . K. Yuan.
T. S. Yunsr. Mrs. T. Bruntf Mrs. F. Relchlet,
Mrs. H. F. AVIchman and maid. H. F. AVIch
man, Fred AVIchman, Eloise AVIchman. Ste
phanie Wiehman. R. C. Stackable. H. J. Mc-
Candless, Rev. E. Turner, Mrs. Turner and In
fant, Master Turner, F. Morse. Major D W.
Sltwcli. ,
. The China encountered strong head
winds nearly all the way across tho
Pacific. Her passenger list included
the following named:
Among the passengers were a number
of Chinese and Japanese officials to the
St. Louis Exposition. Mrs. J. F. Smith,
wife of the former commanding offi
cer of the First California Volunteers,
returned on the liner from Manila.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner
China arrived yesterday afternoon
from the Orient with 719 passengers, of
whom 486 were Asiatics, and 1774 tons
of freight. The cargo, although small,
is intrinsically of great value. It in
cludes 1300 bales of raw silk and 239
packages of silk goods, the total silk
having a market value of more than
$1,000,000. In the treasure room is a
big shipment of Japanese gold yen
worth* $3,344,350 in United States gold
coin. In addition to Ihe silk and treas
ure the China's cargo included: 1500
bales of jute from Calcutta; 284 bales
of skins from Shanghai; 766 slabs of
tin; 407 teak planks for the Union Iron
Works, and 250 packages of spices, con
sisting chiefly of pepper and nutmegs.
Among the passengers was Mrs. Ice
land Stanford, who has been making
a tour of the Far East, and Bernard
Faymonvillc, vice president of the Fire
man's Fund Insurance Company. He
has been in the Orient looking over the
insurance field and has established
agencies of his company at Manila,
Hongkong and Shanghai. He decided
to let Japan go for the present as the
fee demanded by the Mikado's Govern
ment seemed out of proportion to the
business probabilities. Mr. Faymon
ville returns a great admirer of the
Mikado's people, however, and for
nothing does he like them better than
their Intense loyalty to their island
kingdom. He visited Tokio and cheer
ed ud the war correspondents who
were growing very impatient at the ob
stacles politely placed in the way of
their going to the front.
Captain J. H. Russell of the United
States Marine Corps and Lieutenant
Commander G. W. McElroy were also
passengers on the China. They nave
been on duty with tho Asiatic squad
ron. Commander McElroy having been
chief engineer of the battleship "Wis
consin, 's
Apr 5— In lat "4 N. Ions <3 W. Br ship Bal
asore, hence Nov 17. for Liverpool.
Mar 23 — In lat 10 N. Ions 2tf W, Gar bark
Eilbek, from Swansea, for Valparaiso.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed May I— Stmr Excelsior,
for Valdei; stmr Hurnboltlt. for Skagway.
REDONDO— Arrived May 2— Stmr Ccntra-
Iia hence Apr SO.
Arrived May 2 — Stmr Asuncion. - fry m Ven
tura.
Arrived May 2 — Schr Azalea, from Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 1— Schr Jes
sie Minor, for San Francisco; schr Roy Soni
ers, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived May 1— Stmr Alliance,
from Coos Bay; schr Lottie Carson, from Pan
Pedro.
Sailed May 1 — Stmr Noyo, for San Francisco;
stmr San Pedro, for Gray* Harbor.
Arrived May 2— Stmrs Rival and North
Fork, henc« Apr 30.
Arrived May 2—^chr Jennie Stella, hence
Apr 21: rtmr Spokane, hence May t.
Arrived May 2 — Bktn Amelia, hence Apr 2S;
•ohr Ida McKay, hence Apr 25.
Sailed May 2— Stinrs Alliance and Phoenix
for San Fr*nci«co.
TATOOSII— Passed in May 2— Stmr Shasta
hence Apr 20, for Falrhaven: sfmr City of
Pucbla, hence Apr SO. for Victoria: stmr Tel
lus. hence Apr 29. for Ladysmith; stmr Chk-o.
from Astoria, for Lailysmith; stmr - Jeanic.
bence Apr 2S, for Seattle.
VICTORIA — Arrived May 2— Stmr City of
Puebla. hence Apr 30.
POINT REYES— Passed May 2— Stmr South
Bay. from Eureka, for San Pedro.
VENTURA — Arrived May 1 — Ktmr Asuncion,
hence Apr 2S, "and sailed for Retiondo.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 2— Stmr Aurelia,
hence Asr 2S.
Sailed May. 2 — Stmr Oregon, for Saa Fran
cisco: stmr Chlco. for Oyster Harbor.
ALBION— Sailed May 2— Stmr Pomo, for
San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed May 2— Stmr Eo
nita. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 2— Stmr San Ga
briel, from Eureka: schr Balboa from Port
Blakeley; schr Excelsior, from Wlllapa: schr
Charles E. Falk, hence Apr 22; stmr Alcazar,
from Greenwood.
Sailed May 2 — Stmr Asuncion, for Saa Fran-
Cisco; bktn John C Meyer, for Seattle.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 2— Schr Robert
Lewers, from Port Gamble.
Sailed May 2— Stmr Catlfornian, for Kahu
lui.
EASTERN rORT.
• PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Apr 30— Stmr
Pennsylvania, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BROWHEAP— Passed Mar 30— Ft bark Villa
de Mulhouse, from Tacoma, for UK.
DOVER— Passed May 1— Br stmr Peleus
from Tacoma, for Liverpool. ' '
FALMOCTH— Arrived Apr 30— Ger shlo
Christie, from Oreeon. .
Arrived May 2 — FV bark La Tour «r \u
verftne. hence Dec 17. (
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Amr 20 — Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver. B. C
LONDON— Arrived Apr 30— Br strar Oanfa
from Tacorca.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Apr 30— Br shlD Scot
tish Isles, foi San Francisco.
Arrived May 2— Ger bark Atalanta. from
Eureka: Br ship Baiasore. bence Nov 17
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 1_F> K arIc
Jane Guillon. hence Dec 27: Fr bark Marechal
de Villa rs. hence Jan 9; Br ship Strath* vie
hence Dec 8. •*•«.
ANTWERP— Sailed May 1— Dutch ship Eu
ropa. for San Francisco, and put into Flush
ing May 2 on account of stress of weather
AUCKLAND-Salled Apr 29-Stmr Sonoma
for San FrancUco. , "*•
Ajrrlved May 2. • ml.lni*ht— Stmr Ventura
hence ADr 14. "• - '
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 2— Stmr Mlnne-
Havfe London: itmr La GascoRne. from
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May Z— Stair Wil
ibelm-der Grossr. from New York.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT -LOBOS. May 2. 10 p. m. — XVeather
hazy; wind NE. velocity 28 mlle» per hour.
SPOKEN
The alleged niggardliness and penuri
ousness of John R. Fritz Js the cause
of the suit for divorce filed against
him yesterday by Emelie Fritz.
Mrs. Fritz avers that though her
husband has an income of from J1S0
to $200 a month, he alfows her but $4
a month for pin money and then bor
rows part of it back and refuses to
pay her. She says, also, that he com
pels her to pay him 25 cents a week
for the use of a sewing machine he re
cently bought on a speculation, and
that for two years be compelled her
to live In a hut on Clyde street that
was unfit for habitation.
It is further averred in Mrs. Fritz s
complaint that Fritz has. a habit of
almost daily calling her all sorts of vile
names, and that he has a certain
woman ccme to the Fritz home that
he. may indulge in tete-a-tetes with
her. Mrs. Fritz says she suffers great
mental agony because of her husbands
conduct %vith this woman, particularly
when they sit in the chimney corner
and smoke corncob pipes together.
Joseph P. Corcoran is the defendant
In the divorce a/tion brought by Ethel
R. Corcoran. They were married but
little more than a year ago. and Mr3.
Corcoran alleges that she has been un
happy ever since because Corcoran al
lows his father to remain at their hom«
and act the part of a dictator. The
Corcorans live at 1119»5 Folsom street.
The husband is a telegraph operator
in the employ of the Western Union.
Joseph EL King wants a divorce from
Anna J. King on the ground of intem
perance. ~ , I
Dr. Bruce D. Kimmis, the proprietor
of the Indian drug store, who ia beins
sued for divorce by Etta Lulu Kimmis
on the ground of cruelty, answered hi*
wife's suit yesterday with a genera!
denial fit her charges of cruelty, and
in a cross-complaint accuses her of
being intemperate. :>-»4; :.^r
William J. Smith does not relish the
idea of resting under the charge of bat
ing a cruel husband. In an answer
and cross-complaint to the suit for di
vorce of L.uella Olive Smith he say»
he has always been a good, true and
dutiful husband, and that his wife has
been anything but a fond and loving
wife. He says she is too fond of going
to Sunday picnics to suit him. The
Smiths formerly conducted a rooming
house at 3V^ Larkin street.
The Lovells, Charles and Agnes, do
not think alike on the question of in
temperance. In Lovell's divorce com
plaint he charges that his wife is too
fond of liquor, and in her cross-com
plaint she charges that Lovell is the
one who overindulges.
Judge Hebbard yesterday made an
order purging of contempt Allan O.
Eddy, the Southern Pacific engineer
who last Friday was adjudged guilty
of contempt of court for failing to pay
his wife $70 back alimony. The en
gineer furnished evidence that his
failure to appear and show caus-s
why he had not paid the money was
due to excusable neglect.
Divorces were granted to Raymond
F. Knick from Marie Knick for cruelty,
Mrs. Knick having written him a let
ter telling him that she hated the sight
of him: Lucy Selore from Carlo Selore
for cruelty and Ida Hoppe from Ed
win A. Hoppe for neglect. #
Suits for divorce were filed by Cath
erine A. Baine against Patrick J.
Balne for neglect and Linnle Schreck
against Jchn F. Schreck for cruelty.
Judge Kerrigan heard the suit for
divorce of Edith Olsen against G. Ol
gen, but refused to grant a decree be
cause she did not prove her charge of
cruelty. He put the matter over to en
able her to furnish further evidence.
Says He Allows Her Only $£
a 3Iontli and Then Borrows
a Portion of It From Her
SEEKS DIVOKCE DECREE
William Pa % -:lsen (owner) with Edward
Wllberg (contractor), architect 13. W. Hyde —
Carpenter, and mlllwork, plumbing, painting,
plastering for a two-story and basement frame
build Inr (flats) on lot on S line of Twenty
fourth street. 80 E of Ho.ward, E 42:6 by S
50; ?559G.
William Wilson (owner) with T>elanoy &
Randlett (contractors), architect Emory M.
Frasler — All work for a four-story and base
ment frame apartment-house on lot on N Una
of Fourteenth street and SE of Market. NE
131. SE 100. SW 14:0%. W 153:10)6; 542.920.
F. R. Schmid (owner) with J. Branch (con
tractor), architects H. Geilfuss & Son— All
work excert painting for si three-story frame
building (flats) on lot on NE corner of Twen
ty-second and Bryant streets, E 100 by N 3u;
?752-.. •
| Same to St. Ignatius College, block bounded
; on N by Grove street. E by Van Ness avenue,
I 8 by Hayes street and W by Franklin; J .
I Same to Henry A. Arnold, lot on N line of
i Bush street. 147:6 E of Gough E 60 by N
I 120; $ .
I Golden Gate Real Estate Company to Henry
Meyer, lot on W line of Franklin street. SO S
of O'Karrell. S 27:0 by W K7:(5; $2500.
Mary A. Chesworth t» I«ouls Sillinerl. lot on
N line of Filbert street 37:6 W of Octavla,'
W 25 by N 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Kate
E. Henesey. lot on S line of California street.
137:6 W of Octavla. W 34:9 by S 137:6; $— — .
Thomas H. and Katberine E. " McGuJre to
William Wolf, lot on W line of Laguna street,
35 S of Page. S 27:6 by W 87:6: $10.
; City and County of San Francisco to Rose
C. C. Williams, lot on NW corner of Waller
j aad Webster streets, N 33:6 by W 100: $ .
Same to Ellas Conn, lot on S line of Hayes
street. 165 W of Webster. W 24:10 by S
j 137:6; $ .
Same to Minnie Belasco lot on W line of
Webster street, 62:6 S of Ellis. S 25 by W
87:6; $ .
Fred F. and Amelia Foster to Jennie C.
Wilson, lot on N line of Sutter street, 24 E
of Baker. E 23:6 by N 87:6: $10.
Lizzie Salomon to Henry Mengen, lot on S
line of Oak street.. 104:5 E of Central avenue,
E 25 by S 110; $1O.
Grace A. E. Fraser to Joseph , G. llarney,
lot en S lino of Golden Gate avenue, 156:3 W
of Lett street (Central avenue). W 25 by S
137:6: $10. * •> ¦
Blanche W. Paulsen to Sophie and August
Kruse. lot. on E line cf Tremont street, 706 S
of Frederick. S 20:6 by E SO; $10.
John and l.una Stierlen to Henry C. Black.
j Jot on E line of Clayton street. 5S2:9 S of
Freder'ok. 8 26:1$ by E 101 :.1; $10.
Patrick J. and Emma Donahue to Edwin N.
Coombs, lot on S line cf Carl street, 105 E of
Willard. E 25 by S ir.7:6: $10.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Fran
cisco (a religlou? corporation sole) to Hugh A.
and Catherine E. MrManus lot on S line, of
Sixteenth street. 400:6 E of Dolores. E 0:8 by
S 110; $5.
Mary P. Welton to Alice C. Badlam, lot on
S line of Nineteenth street. 105 W of Church,
W 25 by S 22S; gift.
Alice C. Badlam to Mary P. Welton, lot on
S line of Nineteenth street, 130 W of Church,
W 25 by S 22S; gift.
I John. Michael It., Edward and James Lan-
I ders and Kate and John J. Hendricks to Amy
Landers, lot on NW line of Market street, 30$
SW of Church. BW 25. NW 174:tt>4. N 28:6%,
E 8:10^. SE 190:2«i: $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to John
F. Murphy., lot on N line of Twenty-flrst street.
225 E of Castro. E 25 by N 114; $S90.
Kate Mulligan to Rose Mulligan, lot on -E
line §f Mission street, 65 N of Twenty-fifth.
: N 30Tjy E 115; $10.
Anglo and Glsmonda Bardocchi and Rose De
i martini to Amato Delpfno lot on E line of Du
pont street, 23 S of Filbert S 23:6 by E 60;
! $10.
Katharina Hammar to Gustaf F. Hamtnan
; re-record 2t«l D. 115 lot on S line of Lombard
; etreet. 20 W of Dupont. 'AV 20 by S 90; gift.
• Gustat F. Hammar to Paolo Paollnelll, same;
$10.
Cecil T. Walker to William G. Henshaw and
A. W. PattiarM. lot on S line of Sutter street,
137:« W of Mason. W 50 by S 127:6: also lot
ion W line of Mason street, 127:6 js of Sutter.
I S 10 by W 187:6; $10.
¦ Sciplo Craig to Mary L. Craig, lot on E r»ne
I of Fortieth avenue. 250 S of Point Lobos ave
nue. S 100 by E 120; also lot on NE corner of
Fortieth avenue and A stre»t. E 82:6 by N
i HX>; also lot on SW corner of Fortieth avenue
and A street. W 120. S 226:4, W 120, S S73:K.
E 24i>, N 600; Rift. :
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Frank and Philomena Cuneo. lot on W line of
Twenty-seventh avenue. 1<X> N of California i
street. N 25 by W 120: $10.
Michael H. and Mary J. Crosthwaite to '
Charles F. Goez. lot on ,N line 'of A street,
57:6 W of Sixth avenue, W 25 by N HM>; $10.
William G. Burke to E. A. Burke, lot on W
line of Forty-third avenue. !K> S of A street.
S 90. W 120:4. NE 95. E 07:6; also lot on N
' line of C streei. 32 W of Fifteenth avenue.
N 121:8. W 25. S 121:8. E 25; $10.
George A. Turner and Clara T. Hahmann to
Isabella R. Alison, lot on E line of Thirteenth
avenue, 150 S of B street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Isabella R. Alison to Mary A. Reeve (wife
of J. Herbert), same; gift. '
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Ulrich Remens
perffcr, lot on E line of . Forty-elshth avenue,
200 N of L street. N 25 by E 120: $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Forty-elglith
avenue, 175 N of L street, N 25 by E 120; 510.
City and County of San Francisco to Orvllle
D. Baldwin, lot on N line or K street, E Cf
Forty-sever.th avenue, S of L street. W of
Forty-eljrhth avenue.
Anna and Andrew. Taft to Mary L. Swain. |
lot on Forty-seventh avenue. 75 S of T street, I
S 60. W 120. N 2.%, E 12:6. N 25. E 107 :«; $10. i
William A. and Thomas Mas-ee Jr. (and. as j
trustees. Frederic E. and Walfr Magee) to j
Helen C. Magee. block P. upon report of
Thornton vs. Thornton, Nineteenth District,
certificate No. 028 (Silver Terrace); $10.
Helm C. Frederic E., Walter, William A. j
and Thomas Mage* Jr. to William A. and <
Thomas Magree Jr. (trustees), blocks B. D. E.
J and O. came; $10.
Joseph. Harriet B., Jacob and B»rtha G.
We^ser.bcfn to John M. and Mary Bryan, lot
on S line of Alvarado street. 150 W of Hoff
man avenue, W £5 by S US, lot ISO, .Heyman
Tract; &30.
Mary*L. Swain to John A. Porter, lots 35S
an-1 360. sift map 1: $10.
Fanny. Ilamlyn C. Martin and Lnwrenco A.
Buraell and A!Ic«> L. -Slmpklns (Burnell) to
Richard Gobi?. lot on SW line of Eleventh
avmie. 7.1 BE of G street, SE 25 by SW 100.
lot 7, block 233. South San Francisco Home
stead: $10.
Kmlly Maloney to L. Nathan, lota on E line
of FolBom street, 25 S of Jefferson, S 00 by
E 70, lots 376 to 578. gift map 2; 510.
Builders' Contracts.
The Emporium (owners) with Western Iron
Works (contractors), architects Cunningham &
Politec — .Steel and cast Iron work, etc., in
premises now occupied by the Emporium, l'ar
rott building, 825 to K55 Market street; $2100.
* Geor.e Deen (owner) with William Plant
(contractor). , architect — All work for a
two-story frame building (store and flat) on
lot on NE corner of Seventeenth and Prospect
streets. E 25 by N 91 :«: $6335.
Jonah R. Howejl to Mercantile Trust Com
pany of San Francisco, commencing 39:0 W of
First avenue and 162:5 N from N line of Out
side Lands block 72 W 300:11% N" 250 W.
273. N 407:3%, NB 220, S 60. B 120. N 73:6.
NE 200. S 249. E 120. S 147. W 17:6. SB 407.
containing 9 acres (recorded April 30. 1904,
and reported by error as a deed of trust); $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Wil
liam B. Herllhy, lot on N line of Filbert
street. 175 E of Polk. B 25 by N 137:6; $ .
Same to Henry T. Scott, lot on S line of
Clay street. 102:7 W of Polk. W 33:4% by S
127:SV4; * . - .
MONDAY. MAT 2.
RKAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Emelie Fritz Complains That
Her Husband's Niggardli
ness Makes Her Unhappy
CLAIMS SPOUSE
IS TOO STINGY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3, 1904.
Liner's Cargo Includes Valuable Shipment of Silk and
Among Her Passengers Are Many Notable People, In
cluding Mrs. Leland Stanford, Who Has Been in Orient
STEAMSHIP CHINA BRINGS JAPANESE
GOLD COIN VALUED AT $3,344,350
14
• Joseph Cartwrltht, S9. 1202 Mission str««t.
and Francis Haberdank. 35. 1119 Silver avenua.
Courtney Van Ripper, 37. Chicago, and Ida
L. Houston. 34. 463 Hyde etreet. 0
Warren W. Eltel. 20, San Jose, and Clara B.
Ball. 19. San Joce.
John A. Annear, 2$ 1219 Mission street, and
Ray M. Eltel. 22, Eureka. ¦,
'EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
Birth, marrlajre and death notices I cent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
I In at either of the publication offices ant} be
I Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once ia this column
free of charge.
MAItRTED.
BROWN— DELVENTHAL— In this city. May
2, 1904, by the Rev. M. J. Barry, James
Brown and Ellse C. Delventhal, both of Ban
I Francisco.
j COUTTS — HOBBS— At Trinity Church. San
; Francisco, by the Rev. W. B. -Wilson. Gor-
don Coutte and Alice Hobbs. only surviving
I daughter of C. T. Hobbs, Melbourne. (Aus-
tralian papers please copy.)
I EBT— FL1NN— In this city. April 25. 1904,
by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal James W. Eby
and Etta Flinr, both of this city.
I HILLSETH— BORCK— In Oakland. Cal. April
27. 1904. by the Rev. P. N. Melby. John HIU-
¦eth and Helena Borck, both of Loa Angeles.
j KETS— TEICHERT— In this city. May 1, 1904.
by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal. Nelson Keys
and Paulina Tvlchert, both of this city.
i LARIMER— UALZBERGER— In this city.
May I. 1904. by the Rev. O«orge Guth, Wal-
ter J. Larimer and Lena Halzberger, both
of S^n Francisco.
! MAUNDER— LARSON— In this city. April 30.
1904, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church, Frank
I Maunder and Augusta M. Larson, both oi
this city.
I MOELLER— FERGUSON— In this city. April
30. ltm, by the Rev. G. A. Bemthal. Wil-
liam F. D. Moeller and Lottie L. Ferguson
both of thin city.
i SCHERMER— SAND— In this Wy. April 28.
i 1904. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal, Robert C.
Schermer to I^aura E. Sand, both of this
city..
! . \ DIED.
! Benkle. Harry Murphy, Hannah
; Bourke. James NVlnon, Charles Ia
Dubrow. Catherine Olseti. Alfred B.
Henderson. Duncan Oppenheimer, H.
I Keliy, Charles W. Reighley. James B.
j Kelly, Charles M. Itix, Judge Alfred
Kirklin, John Roberts, Leo
Koontz, Adrien R. Segerptmm Olaf
Lu Tim Smith. Bessie
Mallon. Ted Tognotti. Frollndo
McDevitt, John J. Tyler, David
Mitchell, Jchn Williams. John H.
1
I
1 BENKIE— In this city. May 1. 1904, Harry,
beloved son of C H. Benkle. and brother of
¦ G. P. Benkie, a native of Germany, aged
26 years 1 month and 10 days.
bJ? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Haisud Co.. 946 Mission 6treet. under
the auspices of San Francisco Aerie No. fl,
F. O. E. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
! BOT.-RKE— In this city. April 30, 1904, James
Bourke. a native of Prince Edward Island,
agf-d 53 years.
1 DUBUO W— In Salsalito. Cal.. April 25, 1904,
I Catherine, beloved wife cf Fred Dubrow, and
, mother of Arthur and the late Ernest Du-
brow. a native of Germany, aged 35 years
i 7 months and 12 days.
i HENDERSON— In thin city. April 30, 1901,
Duncan Henderson, beloved husband of the
late Sarah Henderson, and father of Mrs.
j - Emma A. P. Hathaway, and brother of Neil
Henderson, a native cf Prince Edward
Island, aged 75 years and 2 A
; member of Unity Lodge No. 131, I. O. O. F..
and Bernal Lodge No. 19, A. O. U. W.
C^Friends and acquaintances are rest«ect-
fully Invlicd to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. May a. at^i! o'clock, at the mortu-
| ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. £475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first.
1 KELLY— In this city. May 2, 1904, Charles
W. Kelly son of the late John H. and Han-
nah Kelly, a native of Ireland, aged C5 yearn.
! KKLI.Y-In the City and County Hospital,
May 2. 1904. Charles M. Kelly, a native of
Canada, aged r>4 years.
! KIUKLIN*— In this city, April G<\ 1904. John
I Kirklin, a native of Wisconsin, aged 41 years.
¦ KOONTZ— In this city. May 2, 1004. Adrien
R.. beloved husband of Mrs. May Koontz,
son of the late Joel and Ellen Koontz. and
brother of Joel. John. Llge and Verner
Koonir. and Mr*. W. Mcllaley, a native of
Illinois, agfd at years and *i months.
Lf TIM— In the City and County Hospital,
May 2. I»04, Lu Tim, a native of China.
MALLON— At Finsbury Park, London, April
*>. 1904. Ted Mallon. aged X5 yearE.
McDEVITT— In this city May 1, 1904 John
j Joseph MclJevitt. beloved son* of Ann and
the late William McDevitt. and beloved
father of Edward, John and William Mc-
i Devitt. a native of San Francisco, aged 33
i years 4 months and 18 days.
1 CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late res-
i idfcnce. 2125 Larkin ,8treet. thence to St.
, Brigid's Church for services. Interment
Hoiy Cross Cemetery.
I MITCHELL— At the General Hospital, Pre-
sideo, at *:55 p. m.. May 1, l»04, John
Mitchell. Ord. Serg't. U. S. A.. Ret.
C7"Interment in National Cemetery at 2
o'clock, Wednesday, May 4.
; MUKPHY— In this city. May I. 1904, Hannah
Murphy, dearly beloved wife of the late
Edward Murphy, a native of Macroom.
County Cork. Ireland, aged C2 years.
C7Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited to attend the funeral eervlces
: Tuesday, May -i, at a o'clock, from her late
; re&idence. 25G6 Post street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, corner of Bush anl
t-teiner street?, where a solemn requiem high
mass will l>e celebrated for the repose of her
I tsoul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
carriage.
! XFXSON— In this city. May 2. 1904, Charles
L., husband of Fannie Nelson, and brother
of Frank A. Nelson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 41 years 0 months and 5 days.
• OLSEN — In Schmidt Village, tfontra Costa
County. Cal., Alfred B., beloved. son of Mtb.
S^. G. Olsen. a native of San Francisco, aged
! It years and 0 months. (Clilco i>apers please
C^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to att*-nd the funeral to-morrow
• Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the mother. Fink Lane. Interment .
Mountain View Cemetery.
OPJ'ENHEIMER— In this city. May 1. 1904.
Hed-wlg, beloved daughter of Loeb Oppen-
heimer, aiid sister of James, Yetta, Solomon
and Kva Oppenheimer. a native of Bavaria.
i agtd 22 years. ' .
i (CyThe funeral services ' will take place
; to-day (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock from
the parlors ,of Halstcd & Co., 046 Mission
street. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
by 11 :30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
: send streets.
REIGHLEY— In this city. May 2, 11*04, James
Braidt-n Reighley. beloved husband of Mary
R. Relghi?y father of James B.. Lyster G., I
Rosalia M.. Walter end Lloyd K. Heighley,
and brother <;f Mrs. Elieso I>etrlck of San
Francisco and Caroline, Lyster C, Henry
and Fred Rcishley of New York City. 4
native of New York, aged Jib years 0 months
and l.'S day*.
( C7"Friend.« and acquaitHances arc respect-
fully invited to attend th<- funeral to-morrow
• Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of ihp Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. 24tr» Mlxi-ion Etreet, near Twenty-
first. Interment National Cemetery Pre-
hidio.
¦ RIX— In this city. May 1. 1004. Judge Alfred
; Rix. father of Edward A.. William, Alfred
1 K. and the late Julian Rlx and adopted
: daughter Annie M. Tuiie. a native of Can-
j ada, aged Ki years and 24 days.
j tCFuneral from his late residence. 793
: Pine street. Tuesday afternoon. May 3. at 2
o'clock. Interment private.
ROBERTS — In this city. May 2 1904, Leo,
beloved son of John and Kate Roberts, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 month and
1<» days.
EEGERSTROM— In this city, April 30 1904
Olaf. beloved son of Carolina Segerstrom.
and brother of the late Olga and Hilda Seg-
?Trtrom, a native of San Francisco, aged
12 years.
(TVFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday),
at 10 o'cicck, from the parlors of Craig
Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Polk and Larkin streets. Interment
CypsL-cs Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 train from
I Third and Townsend streets.
SMITH— In this city. May 1. 1904, Bessie bc-
1 loved wife of Fredrick Smith, and mother
of lire. W. J. McGrfcevy, Mrs. Frank Bryan
and Lillie McAlIltster and Fred Smith, a na-
tive of New York, aged 66 years 10 months
and 3 days. •
ZJf Friends and acquaintances' are reepect-
1 fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, thence to St. Jaroes Church, where
services will be held at 1O:3O o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TOGNOTTI — In this city. May 1 l 1904
Frolindo Tognottl. dearly beloved 'son or
Onosio and Maria Tognottl. and brother of
Joseph. August. Thomas. Rosa . Angelina
. Lillian and Ernest Tognottl, a native of Ban
Francisco, aged 21 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-dav
(Tuesday). May 3. 1904. at 1 o'clock, from
the parlors of Valente. Marlnl & Co 15-4
Stockton street. Interment Italian Cem-
etery.
TYXER— In the City and County Hospital
May 2. 1904, David Trier, a natlre of Maine
. aged 63 years. . .'
•WILLIAMS— In Pasadena. CaL, April 29, 1904
John H. Williams, formerly of 669 Twenty^
V. 3. Mora ha n. Manager. • TeL Mission 81:
M0NAHAN, O'HA^A & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEUS
2339-23*1 Mission tt.. near NlneUentb.
Can Francisco.
tEWIXC MACHINES AJfD SPPPLIS»« j
• AT half or one-third price you can boy a new
Wh!t« •ewlng machine that la »U«titlr ¦nop
wom. at our city offlCM. 300 Post «U 1S41 ,
nilmor* and 70S Valencia «L
RENT the best; w« have 100 new White sew-
ing machl=e« tor rent at I* P«" _=?°2rr:
WHITE SEWING MACHINK CO.. 300 Post ,
«*.; telephone Black 11 Oo. ;
DOSOSSTTC— The machine for family o»«:
best is cheapest; s*cond-hand all nf***, ¦*
••any price; all Mnda rested lowest rate*.
Domestic ctfice. 1021 Market, near Sixth. |
NEW H0M&-8ee our new trt p i^ fe *lJS5" '
. chine.: ellrhOy used: $10. $18. «2O / -J* c « 1<1 -
hand, S3. »3. $8: all styles; &%™* et *-J i '7
Honw Bewinc Machlno Co.. 10B1 Marketrt.
¦rnoposALS. t
NOTICE to architects— The Board of Man-
agers of Mendocino State Hospital invites
competitive plans and specifications In detail ;
for the erection of an assembly hall or con-
noting building between the Administration .
Building and the ward butldinrs of the Men- ,
doclno State Hospital, to be erected on the ,
•• premises of said Hospital, near Ufciah. In
• the County of Mendocino. State of California, j
rb cost the eum of twenty-seven thousand .
»ight hundred dollars, including the sum of ;
tlSciO 00 premium for the plans and epeel- ;
ficatione acojned and the supervision of the I
erection or th»» building to completioa. The j
. " proppeeri buildir.s is to b* erected betwe«n ,
th<> 'Administration Building and the ward :
-buildings of eaiti Hospital and Is to be con- t
* r;«H-ted directly M th« ward bull*ir«s and to '
run to within 12 feet of the Administration 1
Building and !« to be 57 feet In width north !
and Booth and 70 feet la lemrth east and J
west. Said building to b« Joined to the !
Admlcistration Building from this point on j
• . each floor by a halt or corridor 12 feet In 1
. m-Idth and 12 fert in length. Material, brick :
«nd stoD«, to oorret^>ond with present Admin- j
• letration IioW<!ins; slate root Basement |
floor to be of oeraent and Interior finished '
with plaster and white coat and necessary :
rar.lt Ions. Fecnnd floor to contain rooms and :
apartments lor employes. Third floor to con-
; tain assembly hail with stage, etc. Building
t« be provided with complete system of ven-
tilation, htaiinc. jre« pipes, electric wiring !
• " for electric lighting and for telephones, j
rjunsbing, ralating with drainage and sew- j
*rage to be carried outside of the building.
Fa id plaz* and specifications shall present a
full, complete and accurate plan or plans for j
: »uch building In all Its parts, showtng all th« j
ewe^aary details of the work, together with j
working plans suitable for the use of me-
rhasics or other builders during th« con- j
"- f traction thereof, so drawn and rep resent <»d \
• e* to be plain and easily understood: and also j
• accurate bills rhowlr.g the exact amcunt of j
ail the different kinds of materials necessary .
in the erwtlnn thereof to accompany said ;
plans and codifications: also full and com- ',
plete ep«ctfica.tions of the work to be done, j
•howjag tbf n-.anner and style In which the
Fame w!!l be required to be 'done, giving
»uch directions for them a* will enable any J
competent mechanic or other builder to carry |
them "out and to afford contractors necessary ;
information to enable them to understand ,
* • -what wtJl be required In the erection of euch j
building, and to make a full, accurate and ;
corcrlete esttroate of each item of expense j
.end the entire aggregate cost of 6uch build- t
» " ing when compieted. Tfce amn of 21300 00 j
• jitemium will be raid to the architect whose 1
• i 'acs and ppe<~!f\cat1ons are adopted, which j
FhaH b« full and complete compensation for
¦Jl 5ervic«» performed by such architect cf
• »-\er>- kind and nature in the construction j
end erection of euch building, including the j
furnishing of surh plans, guaranty that the |
toJal coct of such building. 6ald premium 1
end eupervlFicn of eaid building to Its com-
pletion shall not excefti the sum of $27.800 00. I
. . Th<» plans and epeciflcatlona must be dellv- j
e^<J on or before 10 o'clock «. m. of the 7th
<"?> of May. 1904. to W. W. Cunnlnpham. !
Ill u IsiJ. at T'kiah. California. The Board 1
iPF^rvej the right to reject all or any of said
jiant and exwclflcatiorie. and the paid pre- i
•rrium of $13u» 00 wi!l only be paid to the ar- j
chitert or srehiteots who»e plans are adopt- I
'_ *d by the Board cf Manager*. Fnrth»r in- i
'orroaHon may b^ had by applying to W. W. 1
Cunningham, eeor^tarr. at Uklah. <."alifornia. !
• PnoPOSALrS for Clothing and Equipage— De- !
'¦ pot Quartermaster's Office. 3(J New Mont- |
tromery et., fcan Francisco. Cal.. April 20, |
• 1&04. — !?ealed proposals, in triplicate, will be !
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.. j
Wednesday. May 4. 1904. Pacific standard I
f.me. and then opened, for furnishing, at !
wither Philadelphia. Boeton. Chicago or gan '
KranrUco depots, of dress caps, hat numbers,
bat letters, hat cords, wocl stockings, black j
¦xalfskiu shoes and rus»t marching ehoes; 1
clfo for turnishing, at the New York depot. ;
. <>. D. covert clcth, O. I), serge, O. D. last- !
Ing and O. D. ehlrting flannel, all to conform
to 6ta.ndstrds and specification?; quantities to j
l>e cubject to an increase of 20 per cent, if ;
xiefired by the department. Preference will ;
be given to article* of domestic production
*nJ manutacture. conditions of price and 1
quality being equal (Including in the price ;
at foreign production and manufacture the :
duty therecr.). end euch preference will be
aTlven -to articles of American production and '.
manufacture produced on the Pacific Coast to
the extent cf the consumption required by
the public service there. The United States '
reserves the right to accept or reject any or |
: all propoea's or any part thereof. Informa- |
lion and blanks for proposals will be fur- ¦
etched on application. Envelopes containing 1
• » proposals will be indorsed "Proposals ?Co. !
¦'" 31Mi, for Clothing and Equipage," and ad- '
dressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL.. Quarter- i
.mni-ter, U. 8. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
•SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. April 30. 1904,-^ealed '
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here J
' *nd at office of Quartermasters, until Jl
a. m.. May 31. 19<>4, and th<«n opened, for I
fumi»hing, during the fiscal year commencing j
July 1. 1904. forage and etraw for Kan Diego j
Barracks. Knrt Rosecrans and Ord Barracks. !
r Monterey, CaJ.; also et same time, at thi« {
oTfle* only, for forage and etraw for Alcatmz I
Island. Vxirx. Balier. lienicia Barracks Fcrt 1
Majnn, Fort McDowell, Fort Mlley. Presidio j
of San Francisco, f-an Francisco, San Fran- j
. cieco. CaL. fur ishirnient to Honolulu, H. T.. 1
and Deixtt of Recruits and Casuals. Angel j
Iflajid. Cal. Government re-eerv^g right to j
< ¦ Ireject «^r accept any or all bids in whole or
la part. Preference civ«>n to articles of I
.American production, conditions of price and '
quality < Including in th» pric<- of foreign pro- j
<JurtIons the duty thereonj being equal, ar.d !
turh j-refertnee given to articles of American i
production producf-d on the Pacific Coast, to !
titt-nt cf consumption required by the public !
wtrvUee th«?r«-. All Information furnished on i
application to quarterir.astt.-rs at San JJiego i
Barrar:kE and Ord Barracks, or to under-
•i«ned. WM. S. PATTEN, Assistant Quar-
termaster General, <-"hi«»f Quartermaster. '
THE MINT OF THE UNITED STATES AT
. H.<N FKANOISOO. Suitt-rintendrnfs Office
April 2S. 3t«4.— SEALED PROPOSALS iti !
.'«!iljf at<- T-iil be n-cived at th<> office of the '
Boperlsundeot of th? Mint of the United
«ratey at t^an Francisco. <"al., until 12 o'clock
noon, Wednesday, May IS. 1904, and then *
publicly oi#ned. for general supplies required ¦
• for the Mint of the Unltf-d States at 5VN '
FUAICCISCO. CAT*; for the fiscal year from i
" July 1. lWH. to June 30. 1905. In accordance '
with schedules and specifications, copies of I
which, with blank proposals and other In- I
*^nr»tir,n, may U- had upon application to i
. FRANK A. LEACH. Superintendent.
j=EAl-ED i>ropo.«ails will be r^eeive-d at- the'
< fflcf of th*- Lighthouse Engineer, HI Flood ]
• bufl-iing, Pan Francisco, <^aJ.. until 1" ¦
o'cJ<».-k m.. June 2. V.HH. and then openedT i
*or buSMing a fireproof ollhouse, .TI bv 70
ffrt, including the preparation. of the ground |
mid the enction of a retaining wall, at:
Y<T»>a Huena Island, Cal., !n uccordarce wltli i
s{ 1 «1flcatlo:i!'. ooplca of which, with Wank i
liroposcls and ether {nformatlon. may »m» had
urwn B.pi»:icatlon jo XHOS. H. HAXDUPRy
LiMitenant CotowJ, Corps of Engineers.
I". H. A.. Knginec-r.
fcEALED proposals' win be received at the of-
fice of the Lijrhthouee Engineer, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. until 12 o'clock m.. standard >
time. June R, ISO*, and then Opened, for the
conetruction of a *trel tower upon a concrete :
•base for a light and log signal station on !
; Kile Rock, entrance to Fan Francisco harbor !
CuI.. in accordance with specifications copies !
«f which, with blank proposals and oth»-r In- i
rorzr.allon. may be had upon application to •
lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Handbury
Corps of Engineers. V. S. A.. Engineer.
DIVtPEXD NOTICES.
DlVlUEND notice— The <Jiant Powder Com-
peny. Con. A dividend. No. C5. of flfty
.c«ni« <5Oc) t*r Kharv on the issued capital
t-tcck of the company has been declared
j.ayablo at the office of the company, rooms
'JtKl. 2<>4 end a*;, HajT«-ard building San
Francisco, en May Jo, 1304. Transfer books
. «lo»>e May 3, 19&4, at noon. C. C. QUINV
Secretary- * * '
fcAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build
«n« Society, 5th floor. Mutual Savings basic
buliainc. 70S Market «U. opposite Third—
lor the liaJf year «-n<Iinr 31et of December
:£CS, a c)vld«nd has !*cn declared at th* '
rate per unum of <I2» tmlt* per cent on
capital etock and partlcipa.unr certificates
:rr* of Uxes. payaM* on and after SATUnl
DAT. January 2. 1004. JOSEPH A, LEON-
AP.D. Manarer. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 8. 5 per wat, now due. and I
payable to depositor* of Pacific "Bank at 405 '
llcntromory et.. room 6. J. HOWARD
BARNARD. ¦
MARRIAGE LICEXSES.
Tire following marriage licenses were Issued ¦
ycmteriAy:
John Brookw. <0, S34 Bueb rtreet. and Ellen'
Manfcn. 34 191» California street. :
Jchn AV. Coleman.' 45, city, and Fredreka
P. C<di-man. 40. city. u
Cliarles J. Brennan 27. K22B Union st and
Lillian n. Obatfclder. 1». 135 San Carlos ave
John C. Krllett, 31. Butte, Mont, and M»rv
i;. Crangle. 23. Bntte. Mont. *^
Jose D. Garcia, . 36. 13CSB Sacramento st
and Anna V. da EUvelra, 38, 136SB Sacra-
inento strret. I
John Hicks. 32. 1076 Howard street, and Aca
M. McCormlck. 24^ 4003 Eighteenth street.
-'Alexander Haas. 22. 240 Hyde street ana
1'anny Kchwtrtx, 22, New .Tork City.
William C. Walker. 34,' city, and Elizabeth
n. McLauffhlln. S5. city.
• Jchn Johnson. 24. 115 Franklin street, siid
Mxir)- Jofcngon, 27. 115 Franklin street
third street. Oakland, a natlv* of Wales,
aged 45 years. , .- .
St. Dominie's > Church Building Asiocla-
tion — The monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of St. Dominic's
Church Building Association and for parents
and relatives of living members will be sung
In St. Dominic's Church Wednesday at
» a. m. - ¦ , ¦ ,Mutton ami Lamb are lower again under
steadily Increasing supplier. Otherwise there
Is no change to report. ¦
Meat Market.
CHICAGO, Hay 2. — Cash quotations were aa
follows; Flour, steady. No. 2 spring wheat,
S8«V2c; No. 3, 8MTU2c; No. 2 refl, $l@l 03; No.
2 corn, 47%647He; No. 'Jiyellow, 8lH©52c; No.
2 oats, 37?i«SM0«e;No. 3 white, 41H@44c; No.
2 rye, 70c; good feeding barley. 30@32i£c;- fair
to choice malting-, 45SJ5c; No. 1 flaxseed
$1 01 ; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 08J4 ; prime tim
othy eoed. 42 7S4iC2 SO; mess pork,, per bar
rell. $11 03®ll 70; lard, per 100 pound?. $« no
Qti 02>i: Ehcrt clear Rides (loose), $<;jJC 12%;
short clear sides (boxed). $(; 50®6 75; whisky.
basis of high wine#, $1 28; clover, contract
gra<>. $10 73.
Article*— Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels 17,lK)0 ' 8.000
Wheat, bushels 20,000 f).0()i>
Corn, bushels. 104.000 37,000
Oats, buthals 81,000 -, 67.000
Rye. bushels 5.000 - 1,000
Barley, bushels ..;... 44.000 18,000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
* NEXT TORK. May 2— Money on call — Ea-y.
JV»®1^ per ccr.t: closing bid. Hi; offered. 1«4.
T;me !oar.s — Easy and dull; nixty day», '!.<&
2H; ninety days, 2?£&2%; s ixt months, 3@3%
per cent. .'. •. . ..
• Trlme mrrcantne paper— 3*4 ©4H P»roent.
Sterling exchange— fc-t<?ady. with actual busl
nwi Jn bankers' bt'As at $4 S7 for deiaand and
S4 S5 for sixty day bills.
Pofted rates. *4 f5»/.<M S6 and $4 89.
ComaxTci*! bIWt $4 64%.
Ijar HH-er — M>4c.
Merlcan dcaiart — *$%«. '• - : • '
>-ovtrr.sier.t bonds, weak; railroad bonds, i
keavy.
New York Money Market.
Stocks of Beans In regular warehouse and
on wharf May 1 were 82,040 sacks, against
84,697 sacks April 1. The receipts In April
*enr 22.901 sacks. The market shows no
further change,
BEANS— Bajbs, $2 35CT2 30: Pea. $3@3 25;
Bulters.$3 60®3 75: small White. $2 0003 10;
large White, $2 4Q@2 »'>0;- Pink. $3 35i33 50;
Ital,- M 50: Lima,'; $3 25 1 93 30: Red Kidneys.
$4 50^5: Blackeye, $1 l»0@2 10 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2&2 r.O. , ¦ .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4@4 25: Yellow
Mustard. $-1«l'3 25: Flax. $1 S0@l »0: Canary.
b'iGii'tC for Eastern: Alfalfa, 14%@16c: Rape.
1%©2c: Timothy. Off 6 V4c; Hemp. 3V4®4c per
lb: Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21
per ton; ...
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nilei.
$3 25 : Green Ptas. $3@3 23. .» ; {***
Beans and Seeds.
-EASTERN MARKETS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. O^Jc; medium. 3%c; light. 8c: Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and • 8c for light: Stags.
«c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf, lie: dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf, 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c each:
short Wool, 40Sj 65c each: medium. 70>ao0c; long
Wool, $1@1 SO: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2@2 SO for m«dlum. $1 2, r >@l t3 for
small and 60c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1Q1 25
for small and 60c for. Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c; dry Salted- Mexican. 25e: dry
Central American, 31c Goat Skins — Prime An-
Itorns, 75c;. large and smooth. 50c; medium,
35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4H94%0 pe» Ibr
No 2. 3^@4c; grease. 2Vi@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip — Sarf Joaquln and South
ern. 12 months'. 9® lie: 4<> 7" months 1 . 8@10c
per lb; Middle Counties. 12#16c for fre» ao(|
HtfI4c tor defective; Northern. 13@17c for fre«
and 13® 15c for defective; Nevada. 12313c, ac
cording to condition.
HOPS— 24627c - per lb for California. 1903.
and 17Mi@20c for crop of 1904.
Hide's, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Stocks of Bran in regular warehouse and. on
wharf May I were 170 tons, against 409 tons
April 1. The market for all Feedstuffs rules
firci. with slender offerings and a good demand.
There U no further change'ln the Hay situa
tion. Local handlers say that the crop outlook
ts brilliant and thru they expect one of the
heaviest crops on record.
, BHAN— $2l«22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 f.0®2» 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $21@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23 50024 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 5OS>31:
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut. Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal. $10 6O@31 50: Cracked Corn. $31032;
Mixed Feed. $21®22: Horse Beans. $30«f
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed, 00c per ctl.
HAV— Wheat. $13@15: Wheat and Oat
$12 5Q015: Oat. $11 60@U N>: Barley. $11013;
Stock. $10011; Alfalfa. $10@12 per ton
STRAW— 60®70c per bale. ¦
Hay and Feedstuff s* *
The week opened ¦ with no material change
either here- or In the Western markets.
CURED MEATti— Bacon, 10c per tb for
heavy. IOY2C for light medium. 12%c for light.
14c for extra light and ll'A@13c for sugar
cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams. I2%c: Call
foiina Hama. lH6©l2c: Mess Beef. $10 504)
11 per bbl; extra Mess. $11 60@12; Family.
$12 50(313: prime Mere Pork. $15; extra clear.
$24; Mess, $18: Dry Salted Pork.- lOVie: P»«j
Pork. $27; Piss' Feet. $5; Smoktd Beef, 14c
per lb. - . ¦"'
LARD — Tierces quoted at «%o p«r Ib for
compound and Sibc for pure; half-barrels, pure.
8%c: 10-lb tins. D^c: 6-lb tins. 0%c; 3-lb tins.
&Wc. - •
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. STJc: Hire*
half barrels, S%c; oneNtlerce. S%c: two tterces.
8%c: nve tierces. 8%c per Ib.
Provisions.
T.h'« • Mechanics' Savings Bank opened ye?
• tercey_lbr busine** in its new quarters at the
#>.ouihtt-e«t corner u' Montgomery and Bush
• treete. The bank was incc-nwrated on Janu
ary 21 and ha» .. paid-up capital of $2.")0.o<\>.
'Jiiati'o'B. Gunn is i.rolaont. George D. Gray
• r. i George F. Lyon vice presidents. Freder
ick li. Clark is ca>hier.
The dirietonite is- cornj>os»ed of th«= following :
F.' V. l^ohrrnann Jr^ Gcorse D Gray. F. M.
Oroenwood, Jiinc* <»'U. Gunn. Marsliall Hale.
•<> W. Kline. Georte F. Lyon, George M.
ilitche'l. CharWs <\ Mo^re, Henry T. Pcott
and W. F. Williamson.
Walter P. Davldr-on. ¦who <-nt«r«d the service
of \\\e Bunk of California April 10. 18C5. when
X). O. MiV.6 was pr^ttlent. W. C. Ralston
v.a!-!:i^r itnd Stephen I'rankhn tecrctary, has
rfifiwi his 1'ijslticn owing to advanced agis
aitcr thirty-nhie yean? <>f faiti-ful and highly
•pprcdalea service. liig aasuoiateii in th«
lank have prefnt^d him with a handsome
tdfcesi of their <-st«?c-m.
Government Money Here.
• .''.Utfi- "Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer cf the
1 ipttd -states at San Franoieoi, reports the
cesffaea hand in the f?ub- Treasury on April 30,
!¦'¦ ¦' . i-s CoUovs:
Vrit'd . c tate!« notes $4.7S3 i»j
Ti< tsttry notes of lh'M 230 00
?»rf:ional bank notes 7,a - !3 00
Gold- certlflcate* 37,4'K) 00
fiitver <«TtiflcatCE 3>.443 00
Gold K-oin 24.1S0,'.»Til tt{
Standard sliver dollars 31.7I6.4C6 00
* frubMdiarv Etlvcr ccin 44!t,!is."> 7t>
Minor cola 5.225 17
Krac-Jocal currency 14 S.S
« vugpne 300 20
Jiiifr^st, checks, funded loans of
ltHTT. lfKM, 11*2\ iaf*--lf»l$ m:d
¦ r.sols of 1930 130 75
ToUU f o*3,441,O)4 7'J
>h!^){>*il In April —
¦ hiindard Fllvcr di!l»r« $142,000
Pntctloaal silver coin 13S.G00
. ., TtfUl 5280.600
Stocks of Grain.
ilenry C Bunker, chief grain Inspector of
*t n *" ¥*rchants' Exchange, reports stocks of
grain in r^gular warehouse and on wharf May
1 as follow?, in tens:
, Wheat ,
. - • April 1. May 1.
1'ort Costa ]2.*!»4 12.S40
i»,s:;<i ir.2.13
>Uty ..*. -. 1.S5« 2,«u5
t Barley ,
April 1. May 1.
Port Costa S.735 7,106
h>ockton e.510 5.220
City. 3,S«» "{.242
April 1. May 1.
OatjB 3,C3«i 2.257
<'orn" 190 2.V5
IJran : 400 170
U<*-aiiF. park* M.597 82.940
I£cc<-ipis- In April were 9703 tons Wh»at, b52:i .
totis^liarley, Voi tons Oats, r>:ttf tons Cora, 70S
ti -m±. firan and 22.1C1 sack* B<sans.
Weather Report.
<12rtth Meridian — Pacinc Titnp.t
EAN FRANCISCO. May 2. 5 p. m.
Th» icl\ovrlr-fs are the seasonal rainfalls to
cat*, as compered with those of Fame date last
yiwa and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
. Station* — 24 hours. Season. Season.
)?jr«ka 0.00 C3.27 f.*).4<5
P.ed Bluff 0.00 81.08 2.1.15
Sacramrcto O.ort J6.79 lrt.«2
Frincisco O.«O 2O.r>a 18. 2%
Krwno O.O.» 7.P9 8.50
Independence ©.O0 2.S7 2.54
Fan Luis Obiipo 0.f>0 16.99 J8.49
lx)s Armeies 0.C0 6.C9 19.29
£ar. Iliego Trace 4.28 11. <S
- THE COAST RECORD. ~"
= 2 K 3 2 5
i S? = Z-* •• a-
STATIONS. j 5 5 23 » I ?."* ?
-• c - a" f- t ~
i 5 = : i P
• ? ? • * •
Eaker 30.00 64 48 N Clear ,C0
Oaji-on 23>S SH SH N Clear .00
turtka :;<I.14 &4 43 X Clear .OO
' Kreefao ..."'.. ..29.92 «S 52 NE Clear .00
FK. "Karallon.. 47
nagstaJI 29.74 44 20 SW Cloudy .«0
Poatfllo 29.74-54 42 SW Rain .02
Independence 29. 7tf e.s 4U N Clear .'>0
l>is AflSelfS. .29.H0 C« 4»j SW Clear .(n>
Mt Tarnalpais.23.fnj til 42 W Clear .00
North l*eadL..;{o.20 62 44 NW Clear .(rt
Phoenix 23.7t> 70 80 W Clear .00
Point Rcye« 47 "...
Portland .T>.12 e* 46 S Clear ,©O
Red B!u9 2». »4 74 44 N Cl*«r - .00
Roeeb/ir« 30.12 «4> 48 N Clear .02
ea^rajrento ..29.90 72 SS NW .Clear .00
Batt Laie 28.64 M 44 SE Halo .62
fan rrancJsco.23.0S €4 48 W Clear .09
8. .L. Obi«po..2».9ii C2 42 W Clear .00
Far. Diego 29.00 «0 60 SW Clear Tr.
6*attle SO. 16 CO 42 SW Clear .00
Epokane 30.02 C2 3(J S Pt.Cldy .01 t
TatoosW SO. IS C2 <B SW Pt.Cldy .««
Tla!la*Wal!a..S0.O4 «C 4g PW Clear .CO
¦Wmnemueca .29.92 M 38 NW Clear .O0
Yuma 2t».74 78 60 W Clear .00
WfiATHER CONDITION? AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha« ris^n eteadlly over th«
western .half of the country, a marked de
presElon cvtr;i<* Utah i-r.-: Arizona and may
continue. In that section aevcraJ days.
A <thunder-etorm la reported at Pocatello and
•Slower* In Northern Arizona and Utah.
•J-ne temperaXure has risen from 8 to 18 d«
frees over Eajtern California end Nevada.
iporeeatt made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endlcg midnight. May 3:
Northern California^ — Fair; warmer Tuesday;
Hrht r.orth wind.
. Sotjthern California — Fair Tuesday; light
north artad.
Nfvadt — Fair Tuesday: warmer.
Ean Franc»»co and rldnJtr — Fair Tuesday:
warmer; licrht r.orth wind, changing to fresh
west." A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
M0XDAT. May 2—4 p. m.
Bid.A»lt.| l', v. t . i»d.As)t.
Alpha, 05i 07[Ji»tlce ... iu 13
Alta 07 Os.Kentuck 02 «l
Andes 21 22iKeye» Grata.. — 1 w
Betcber ** 2«fLady Wash .. — M
Best & Belch.l SO 1 tt Mexican 2 IS 3 SO
Bullion 08 00 Occidental ... S2 84
Caledonia ... 5« 5Sf Ophir 5 75 S 00
Challenge Con IT 22jOverraaa ..... 31 32
Chollar 24 25iPotosl IS 29
Confidence ... 84 1 C5j Scorpion ..... 14 20
Con C A Va.l 6O 1 63 Savage 37 33
Cou linpeUal. 02 (KUSeg Belcher ..10- la
Con J* T .... 02 C4f Sierra Nev ..a? 5a
Crown Point. 18 18 Silver Hill ..88 «O
East Sierra N 06 — St Louis .... 00 lo
Eureka Con... — COISindleate .... 04 «W
Fx"*'*<iuer .. 28 304 Union Con .. 77 .79
Gould & Cur. 23 25IUtah 10" 11
Hale & Norc 65 70j Yellow Jacket 21 23
Julia-... 05 07i
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask- 1 Bid. Asfc.
Colehan — WiRay Ton ... — 20?
K*p*ranza, ... — • 01 [Kay & OBrtea 03 04
Gipsy Queea. — Sfl(Reacu« ....... 06 CS
Gold Anchor. 25 3O|Ton Belradnt.. 70 TS
Gold M Can. — 15! Ton A Cal . . 06 . —
Hannapah ... 02 ~»»Ton Szten ..1 OS — •
Hannapah M. JO — fTon A O W. . to —
Little Toa .. — 40iTo» of Nev. 9 OO 10 00
MacNamara 19 20! Ton N Star... 23 3>
M"ont Ton,.* 51 1 ST^ITon Midway.. SS 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Sesaion.
300 Andes 21! 300 Mexican 2 IS
IOO Andes 23l ICO Ophir » 73
2CO Chollar 24, 2CO Ophtr .5 87^,
10O .Con C A V.I 62V a | 5O Ophir « CO
200 Con C A Va.l 6UI 4GO Potoai 19
300 Julia Ml 200 Savage 3ft
200 Justice ....?. 11! 700 Union Con .. I'l
Afternoon Session.
2C0 Alpha 0fi| 200 Oobir 3 8IVi
100 Con C & V.I 62tyt 100 Overman St
40O Gould A Cur. 231 4W Overman ::n
20© Gould & Cur. 24f 10O Savage '¦'¦•*
5CO Justice Hi ll» Uuion Con .. 7?
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran*
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Mornins Session.
5000 MacNamara . 19! 500 Ton Belmont.. 7t
700 Mont Ton ...IM| *
Afternoon Session.
COO Mont Ton ...I 33I1C0O Ton & G W.. -OS
130O Too Belmont. 7t|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 SO®
5 10. usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 70@3;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at S3 S5©4 29
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are a*
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs:
Rye Flour, *3 60: Bye Meal. $3 25; Ktce Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do, |4 25;
Oat Croat.-*. $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $1 50@4 75: Cracked Wheat, $4;
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 78;
Rolled Oats bbls. $7 25@S €0: In sacks. $U 759
8 10: Pearl JJarlev. $0: Split Peas, boxes, $7:
Green Pea». $4 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO. May 2. — In response to a fair de
mand from short* . the wheat market opened
about steady, with July unchanged to V4c
lower at S3U©85^ic. Soon afterward, how
ever, report* of excellent weather throughout
the greater part of: the country created a
bearUh sentiment. In consequence July sold
to W?4c and then started a downward course.
There was a general commission house selling.
Many «top-lo«» orders came out on the way
down. New« from the Northwest was extremely
bearish. One report stated that all mills at
Minneapolis would close down Wednesday on
account of a tack of demand for- flour. Al
though the . wheat market here received fair
support at times, liquidation was so liberal
that prices continued the decline throughout
th« session. The close »¦« weak, with July
at 84%c.
Decreased receipts, wlih a small percentage
of contract grain, held the_corn market firm
early in the day In spite of weakness In
wheat The close was weak, with July at
47%@48c.
Weakness ia wheat deliveries and favorabls
weather were influence* that brought out lib
eral liquidation ot July oats. July clWeU
at SS%c.
In (ace of weakness* In grains and lower
prices for hogs, provisions closed firm at a
slight advance In all products. A fair de
mand from pit traders for ribs wag the cause
ot lhe late firmness, the market cuIIur easy
In sympathy with grains. July pork closed
7"c up, lard 5c higher and ribs 5c advanced.
Th« leading futures ranged as fellows:
Article*— Open. High. Low. Closa.
Wheat No. 2—
May 8»*4 B0V4 • 8SH 88%
July (old) 80»» fCfi 85V* 835»
July (new) !*4V» S5% SiVs **;''•
Sept (old) 81 v* M's 81 Sl>*
Sept (now) . S0% 80% ; 70*i 80
Corn No. 2 —
May 4G»4 46% 45% 45%
July.... 49«» 4SH 47?4 48
September 47 % 4»^ 47% 47T4
Oats No. 2— ¦ •¦ ¦
May 4OV4 41 30% 39%
July 21TV 30# 3SV* , 30k
September 31 Vi 31<& 30=4. 31H
Mesa Pork per barrel-
May 11 07 Vi U 70 11 67V4 11 70
July 1193 12 05 1100 12 0214
September 12 10 12 22& 12 10 12 Tiy.
Lard, per ICO lbs —
May 0 60 6 52^ « 47% 6 521',
July ........... H 67V4 « 72V4 0 69 0 72^
September 6 80 6 37% 6 80 « .87.%
Short Rlbf. per 10ft lbi—
May.... 0 15 6 15 0 05 6 15
July... 6 37*4 6 47% 6 37% 6 45 I
September 6 02% 0 60 6 52% G W
Future Grain and Provisions.
Salea on the Stock and Bond Exchange in
April were as follows:
I I Price Dur
| No. ling Month.
BONDS. Shares [ r
Sold. [Low,. (High
Day Counties Power Co ld.000! . . . I . |101
Cal G & E Gen<M- & C T.. 14,0001 80 85
Contra Costa Water Co 1,OW|. llOl
Hawaiian Com. & Sugar Ct>. 17.00«>t 96T^f 9»
Los AnKvles Railway Co... 4\(tK> : lll>, t 1 lll'i
U'S Angeles Lighting Co... l!>.ow 1L>3^ ilo-t*,*
L A-Pac R R 1st Con Mtge. J,000| |10O^i
Market 8t Ry 1st C Mtge.. :»,ihki lia%|114
Northern -Railway Co of C. 20,0001 |107*»
Northern Ity Co (or Cal.).. 21,000 U8V4I117
Oakland Gas, Light & Heat. 1,000 107
Oakland Transit 12,000 112
Oakland Transit Cons...... 1.000 102
Pacinc Electric Ry Co 66,000104% 105V4
Park & Cliff House Ry 1.0W> 105
Sacramento Elee Gas A Ry. 12,00Of 9»% »«»%
S F & San Joaquln Valley. 63.MM>[114 ll>i l i
S P R R of Arizona (1900>. 8,00O t 107 107%
S i* R R of Arizona (1910). 12.000|107% ltm*
S P R R of Cal taeries A.>. 17.000J 101%
S P R R of Cal (series B).. 18.0OW 102 V»
S PR R of Cal O.00O|lO4%|lO4*i
S P R R of Cal (stamped). 6.00O 10eVillOO>i
S P Branch Ry of Cal l.€00 1131*5
Spring Val Water 1st Mtge. «,000 104%|10'Ta
Spring Val Waty 2(1 Mtge. 1\(hm IOO 10OV»
Spring Val WaJPr Sd Mtge. 1S.OOO| OO^flOO
Water Stocks —
Contra Costa J 631 35 I 37%
Spring Valley Water Co.. ..I l.lllt 3S%! 39^,
Gas & Electric Stocks —
Central Light & Power Co. 250 3U 3*1
Mutual Electric Light Co... 1.421 10 13^
Pacific Lighting Co 60 5»J\,
8 F Gas & Electric Co 3.041 38 63
Dank Stocks —
Bank of California tl 39,427^(430
¦ Street Ral'road Stocks — r
Presidio t 'Si I 40
Powder Stocks —
Giant Consolidated Co I 2251 60\4| 81
Vlgorlt T I 300[ 4%| 4%
Sugar Stocks —
Hawaiian Com A Sugar Co. l,210f 47%| 5a^
Honokaa Sucar Co 433 12 m,
Hutcblnson Sug Plantation. 200 » I »%
Kilauea Sugar Plantation.. 225 3V 4
Makewe-ll Sugar Co «3.t 12*4! 14
Paahau Sugar Ptantntion. . . 635 12UI 14
> Miscellaneous Stocks-
Alaska Packers*^ Asan. 335|137y 143
Cal Fruit Cannera' Assn. .. 2M 98 101
Cal Wlne»As0OcUUon 475 01H 02^
Occnnle Steamship Co .. 1.125 S% 4*i
Paclftc Coa»t | Borax Co t 120 167 1170
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. May 2—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
i Bid. Ask. I .. Bid.* Ask.
1 4s qr coup.. 107% — In qr cp new.133 133V*
<s qr reg,..107U107fcl3!i qr cfiup... 106 fl 07^4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5». — — ~[O T Co 0a.ll»«4 —
Bay CPC &» 100% 102 j Do 3s HUi —
Cal C G 5». — 1C3 I Do con Ss.101^ —
Cal O * E (? Oceanic 8 5s. — 70
m * ct 5s, SHI 81% Om Cable «a. — 122
Cal-sfC 9«.118»411«y» Pac G Im 4s. — » 03»$
C C Wat 5*, — 101 P E Ry 5«.104T;i(»
Ed L ft P Cs — 130 P * C H fl».l(»4?4 —
F & C H C».114« — P * O R te.lia —
Geary-st 6a.. — — Pow«l»-»t «»• — JH
H C&S 5V4s.lCO — fac.EO*R5s. — 07»i
Do 5» as na*4 sf & suv8s.iie% —
Hon B T 6».1MVJ - Sl«rr* R Cb.110 —
L A Elec 3s. — 1C3 S P of A «s
L a Ry 3s.niHin?*t nneo» io t ?4ic8ii
LALCote— - (iaiO> IOO —
Do Ktd «». — — S P of C to "
Do et<J 3*.104 1C5 (llXW)Sr A. 101^102
LAP Ivm 5».10O — fl«»)$r B. — 102%
Mkt-St C <5s. — 119»i (19C8V 104^103
Do lew Ss.113% — »912> ¦¦•''.~Z liB
MVft MtT5*.101H — SPC 1 eg 3s.H0 —
NRR of COs-107 1OTU Do stmpd..lOT% —
Do .Is ....llUIAltT S P B R to.112 —
N P C R 5a. — 107 S V Wat 0s.l04?i —
X C Ry 5*.1(K> — D« 4» 2dm. OQ 90*i
N C P C «">«. 0» 102 Do 4» Mm. -> ICO
N S K R 5*. 03 — StXn OiK6» 93 . »«
O Q L&H 5a,10«m07 U J3 & E SS. — 105
O W gtd 5», — —
WATEH STOCKS.
Contra Costa SiYt 38V5»Part Co»U .. — —
Maxln Co... — ; PI IS V Wa.t Co. »«i 39 '
GAS XSV> ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4 |S F G & E. C2 62%
MutualE L. 12 — {StknG&E. a —
Pac L Co:.. 56% - tl'OkECo. - 33 .
INSURANCE/
Firem'a Fnd. — 3*0 J ..- , -,
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l2& — '|L P A A....152?i —
Anglo-Cal-,. 82 87 JMer "Trust.;. .200 —
Bank of Cal.42«% — IMereh Ki.... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 tS F Natlonl. — —
First NatUwU — — I
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Frosno for- 1003
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follow*: OO-lb boxes — Lcose Muscatel, 4-crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4 Me; 2-crown, 4c; Malaga,
loose, 3-crown, 4c; 2-crown, L"?4c: Thompson's
se«c!less. 4c; seedless Sultanas. ."Vic: Seedless
Muscatels, 3 ftc; do floated, 3^4c: Seeded Rais
ins, ifi-oz cartons, fancy, 5Vic; choice, 5%c:
12-oz cartons, fancy, 4Uc: choice, 4%c; in
bulk, fancy, 5Wc; choice, Cc: Imperial clus
ters/ $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $2; London
Layers, 3-crcwn, $1 ;J5; 2-crown. $1 23.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13t5@14c,
No. 2. 1114912c: No. 1 hardshell, VVaVi^c;
No. 2. ll@ll%c: Almonds. HVic for Nonpa
reils. 11 He for I X L, He for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9^4c for Laneuedoc; Peanuts. 0@7c for
Eastern; Pecans. llji-13c; Cocoanut?. $4 50^5.
HONEY— Cemb, 10@ll^c for white and 8V4
@9V>c for amber; water white extracted. 6Q
Wit: light amber extracted. i^^4 : , v ic; dark,
3Vi®4c.
BEESWAX— 27629a per lb.
" FRUITS— Apricots. S%@10^c for Royals and
9@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4*49
6c: sun-dried 3@4^ic; Reaches. 3H@7*ie;
Pears, S&H^c; Figs, white, 2Mj&3c In boxes;
black, 4»4c; Plums, pitud, 5@7i.ic per lb.
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2§2}i,c for the four
sir pg.
Dried Fruits, Nuis,Raisins,Honey.
Chicago Board of Triple.
Iron was unchanged at 52s 3d In Glasgow
and at 44s Cd In Mlddlesboro. Locally, iron
is steady. No. 1 foundry. Northern. $15 23®
15 75; No. 2 foundry. Northern. $14 "."•}» 15 25;
No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry.
Southern, soft. $14 25-314 75.
NEW YORK. May 2. — Tin was firmer in the
London market. Spot ¦ there advanced 15s to
£127 7s 6d and futures were ill 25s Cd higher
at £127. Locally, tin was quiet, but a little
higher, closing at J27 95028 23.
Copper remains steady in London, with spot
5s higher closing at £5S 17s •'«!. and futures
at 6s 3d higher at £58 ltis 3d. Locally, cup
per is quiet. Lake. $13 50: electrolytic $13 12'4
®13 25; casting. $12 S7^i®13 12^4.
Exports of copper for the month, according
to the figures of the New York Metal Ex
change, have been 13.5C7 tons; for the year
so tar, S2.577 tons, against 40,024 tens for
the same period last year. ' .
Lead was steady but unchanged at $4 600
4 63 in the local market and was unchanged
in London, closing at £12 2g 6d.
Spelter remained unchanged at £22 7s (id In
London and was unchanged locally at $5 '2nff
5 25.
New York Metal Market.
CITRUS FHUITS-^-Navcl Oranges. $1 23®2
for fancy. 7oc<@$l 50 for choice and 40Q'J0c for
standard; Tangerines, 7.VVJ1 23 per box;
Lemons, $2 60Q2 75 for fancy. $1 5091-75 for
choice antt $1'(>1 25 for standard; Grape Fruit.
$1 25@2: Mpxican Ltmes. H 5ti@5 per case;
Bananas. $2(7." 50 per bunch for Central Amer
ican and $1^2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. J-tf ; !
per dozen.
Receipts of Strawberries consisted of 50
chests Irom near-by sections and 11 crates
from Los Angeles. These from near-by points
came to hand on time and In good condition
and cleaned up well at good prices. The Los
Ackc-Ics berries were rather unattractive, but
found buyers at prices ranging from $1 50 to
$2 25 ptr crate.
Local retailors and peddlers were operating
rather freely in the Orangs trinket, twins en
couraged by the warm, sunny weather. Trade
was cunfimcl chiefly to the choice and standard
grades of Navels, but as supplies In the op«n
market and the offerings in the auction rooms
were large prices showed no improvement.
Poor and old stock continued to arrive freely
ant!' constituted a large portion of the tresh
arrivals. Business. in the auction room showed
some Improvement as a result ot the better
demand in the op^h; market and jobbers were ;
competing for good, sound lots. Twelve cars
were sold as follows: Fancy, *1®1 70: choice,
70<-«<$t 50; standard* ">'k-'ii$l. The olhvr fresh
fruits stood aa previously quoted.
PTRAWDERRIES— tiO-ftOOc for Longworths
and 35ti50c' per drawer for th* larger varieties.
APPLES— $lfT2 50 per bor
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
! Llverpooi reported the worUVs shipments for
; thp *¦«* as follows. In quartern Russian,
' 4:11.000: Argentine. 430,000; Indian. 159.000;
Australian, 12.'«.000. These are very heavy.
In this marktt futures were ¦ lower In sym
pathy with Chicago, but the cash grain was
unchanged.
'- CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 30{fl 35; California
White 'Australian, $1 52$i#l 57V»; -Torthern
: Club t ..$l 3C«f 1 35: Northern Uluestem, $1 50©
' 1 55 per vtl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open.-. High.- Low.. Close.
May VI 2S*tf $1 23% $1 25% $1 25%
December ... 1 20 1 2« 1 25H 1 25tf
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 25t&. bid, .$1 25% asked.
BARLEY — The stock on hand in ' regular
I warehouses and on wharf May 1 was 15.5U9
ton*. aAainst is.ii-U Ions April 1. The market
was easy yesterday, with several sales at tha
quotations. Futures were weak.
CASH UARLEY.
Feed. $1 07H1U 08%; Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 12!i@l 10; Chevalier. $1 10@l 20 for
fair to choice,
„ FUTURES.
Ses£loi4feL to 11:30 a. tn.
Ot^." High. Low. Close.
December ... M% Vl% Wi% S>39»
2 p. m. Session.
Open. -High. Low. Close.
December ... %£% ¦ 94 i*3}» .94
OATS — The stock In warehouse and on wharf
May l was 2237 tons, against 3030 tons April t.
The week opened quietly, with quotations un
changed.
White. $1 30©l 40; Black, $1 25®1 30; Red.
$1 27^<@1 35: Gray. $1 32>4@1 3T% per ctl.
CORN — The stock In regular warehouse and
on whnrf May 1 was 253 tons, against 19O tons
April 1. The market continues steadily held at !
previous prices.*
Western sacked. $1 42Vi£l 45 for Yellow and
White and $1 37>4 for Mixed; California largo
Yellow. $1 40® I 47 >{.: small round do. $1 s.v.*
1 57H: White. $1 45<&1 47V» per ctl; Egyptian.
$t-40#l 50 for white and $1 27V4@1 for
brown, •
RYK— $1 30®l S2\i Per ctl.
I BUCKWHEAT— $1 75(^2 per ctl.
WHEAT — The foreign markets showed littl*
change. Uroomhall cabled renewed complaints
from Russia aiid Roumella of dry weather.
Clilengo was l'.^c lower and reported weath
er fine everywhere, with favorable seeding re
ports Irom the Northwest. Minneapolis wired
that n!I mills will close down Wednesday night
until Monday owing to the poor demand for
Flour.
JVheat and Other Grains.
Stirling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 85% I
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87 %/
Sterling Exchange, cables, ....... — 4 SS%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange telegraphic. — 12 VS
Silver, per ounce — 5-P,i
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 43V»
Exchange and Bullion.
Ex- coupon yesterday: Honolulu Rapid
Transit and Land Company 6s. 1927, regular
semi-annual, amounting to $18,300; North
Shore Railroad 5s. 1942. semi-annual. amount-
Ing to $S7,50O; Sacramento Electric. Gas and
Railway Company 5s. 1927. amounttng to $58,
123; Southern Pacific Railroad first consoli
dated guaranteed gold 5s. 1937. semi-annual,
amounting to $170,225; Southern Pacific Rail
road fltst consolidated stamped 9s. 1903-1937.
s<-ml -annual, amounting to $53S,ti50: United
States Government, new Issue 4s. 1923. quar
terly, amounting to $1.1S4.SO9; United Stated
Government -"Is, 1908. quarterly; amounting to
$558,314 75; Spring Valley Water second mort
gage 4s of '190M. quarterly, of $1; Sutter
street Railroad 3s. $2 TiO,
The California Wine Association has de
clared a regular monthly dividend of 60c per
share, payable May 10.
The Pacific Coast Company paid regular
quarterly dividends of 1 per cent on the first
preferred, second preferred an«J common «tock»
yesterday.
Two more railroad ear loads of Ophir oro
have been shipped, making a total of fourteen
car loads on the way or In process of sale.
The. following oil dividends were paid yes
terday: ".The Twenty-eight Oil Company, 5c
per share, amounting to $3CC0; the Peerless Oil
Company. 14c per share, amounting to $14,000:
the O4t City Petroleum Company. %c p«r
sharp, amounting to $2500; West Shore, 5c.
The Masonic TempletAssociatioa has levied
an assessment of 30c, delinquent Ma/ 21; Con
solidated IViiple's Ditch Company. $10,
June 2."i.
The Idaho Sugar Company has declared 4
dividend of 1 *; ?«r cent, payable at Salt
Lake May 2.
BONDS AND STOCKS.
The week opened with quiet markets on all
the exchanges and quotations showed no.
changes worthy of note, ....
The Utah Mining Company .has levied an as
sessment of 10c.
Business on the Different Boards
Still Quiet.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 2.— FLOUR— Receipts,
1S.00O barrels; exports, 5S0O barrels. Dull and
unchanged.
WHEAT- Receipts. 4000. Spot, steady: No.
2 red. $1 04 elevator: No. 2 red, $1 05@l 08
f. o. b., afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, V«9c
f. o. b.. afloat. Options were heavy all day.
The close was V44t%c net decline. May closed
at fiH»c; July closed at .S9Vic; September
closed at S3%c. and December closed at S3Vfcc.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady. i,
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Easy. . . .
SUGAR— Raw, firm. Fair refining. 3 3-18;
centrifugal, 9ti test, 3 1-lti; molasses sugar,
2 1C-1<;; refined steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio quiet; No. 7 invoice,
7c; mild, quiet; Cordova, lQfjf-13c. : "
The market for coffee futures closed easy at
a decline of 10<g20 points. Sales. 57,750 bags.
Including: May. r>.7.*>g5.80c; July, 5 00@5.«r>c;
September, O.)54ifl.25c; December. «.450O.6Oc;
January, C.6ft©6.7Oc; March f..7O@6.S0c.
DRIED FRUITS. ;
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
quiet, but attractive fruit is steadily held;, j
Common are quoted at 4§5}«c; prime, 5^4i
f>%c; choice, 6Vifc«*V£c; fancy, 7g7Vie.
PRUNES — Are very quiet, with prices
ranging from 3c to 5%c, according to grade.
APRICOTS — Met with only a slight de
mand, but are firmly h.?ld. Choice are quoted '
at »H@l«c; extra choice, lOHS'lOVfcc; fanfy,
11913c.
PEACHES — Are In fair demand for .mall
lot? and are firm, with coast advices indi
cating a hardening tendency. Choice are j
quoted at ' «V4ff7Vic; extra choice, 7%^(Sc;
fancy. 9Vi@10c.
New. York Grain and Produce.
NEW- YORK. May 2. — The cotton market
opened weak at adecline of <VgflO points and
closed steady, with prices net 10@23 points
lower. . ., »
New ' York Cotton Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
FOR MONDAY. MAY 2.
Flour qr sks .. 6,094' Hops, bales ..." 9
Wheat, ctls 2.79V Wool. bal«s .... S15
Barley, ctls 5,59l| Hides. No 357
Oat8. ctla 20t| Pelts. No 4T5
Corn, ctls 30lTallow, ctls ... 2«l
Beans, sks 1.22:; I Raisins. b»» 55O
Potatoes, sks .. 2,204] Leather rolls .. 7»
Onions »ks ... 80|Wln». rals .... 30,4f-0
Bran, sks l,4."U!Llme. bb'.s 22«
Middlings, sks.. " 40<>'Paper rea*ns ... 2.136
Hay tons 330!Sugar. etls l.OOrt
Straw, tons ... IS! Quicksilver, flks. 1M
. WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks . . 13,6 -111 Potatoes, sks .. 765
Receipts of Produce.
Banking Matters.
r>o 3»4» »4V4iNor & W con 4s. 97«
Central of Ga t>s.lO7 |OSL 4s & paitlc :mL
lio 1st Inc 71 jra fciiv Z\^f OB
Ches &. Ohio 4>4s.lO2%ii:r'a(?»aK gen 4s MSV
(hi &. Alton 3Hs. 77V*I EL &im con BfLUS'
C. K & Q new 4s. 94%IS L & S F fg ir. 82%
CM «. KP m 4S.109 St Louis SW lsts. 0-1 U
C * NW coa 7». .127% Seaboard A I. 4s. '68--
C. R I & Pae 4s. 70% So Pec 4s 91»4
Do col 5» .. SO>*!So Railway Cs ..115U
C.C.C & SLini 4s.l001ilTex &;Pac l»U..llsii
Chi Term 4s.... SI |T. St L 4: W 4s. 68$i
Ccn» Tobacco 4s. 6S%|Union Pacific •4s..lO4Vj
Ccwt A So te.... M^i Do conv 4» O7',i
C F & I conv Ss. "iOViiU S Steel 2d Ss.. 73'i
the general assurances offered by these agents
that « very pn-caution has been taken to guard
a£:uni-l disturbance of ihe money market doea
not •aUreljr accumpllsh its purpose. li*j is
realized that the devices of the French syndi
cate whK-h advanced tho purchase prlc* tt>
the oanal stockholders and ihe co-operattiJn
with New York bankers are designed to miti
gate and distribute tfte effect of_ the ' large
trantvacticn. but nothing has been' off<ved ' to
indicate that the ultimate result* to -the N?w
York banking- reserves will be altered- by
these devices. 'The additional tail! by.- "the
treasury ispon Government depositories makes
it evident bIm that Che full amount uf ilif
l'anama purchase will be withdrawn from |
Uovernmi-nt deposits with banks. The effect
was seen in Lhe cwlining of the bonds to-day.
How far this condition may induce the banks
t«i take «>ut additional circulation It a ques
tion of interest. It Is felt that the outcome of •
these various factors may account in no small
pan for the halt ' in, the stcck market. To
day't market missed the sustaining effect of
the recent advancing tendency In London,
wlicre the Exchange was closed for a holiday,
while the more Indirect effect of the Parts
market was depressing, owing to the Russian
revert* on the Ya!u. The weekly returns
ebowed no decisive improvement in the rail
road traffic situation, and the net earnings
for March reported continue the poor com
parison with last year.
Expressed opinions by trade authorities that
urgent European demand for copper was prob
ably, satisfied, resulted in the prompt selling
of Amalgamated Copper. The money market
was unaffected by the additional gold engage
ments. The closing tone of the market was
easy and prices were generally near the low
est of the day.
Ron<is were heavy. In sympathy with stocks.
Total *aks, par value, f 1,830, (XML
fnitf-d States bonds declined hi per cent on
call for all issues.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Bales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 1&.700 "'-^ '<- ">-
Atchison ptd »W> l« V2*6 U^'ii
Baltimore & Ohio.. S.bm) J»U 7»»» 7S', t
Bait & Ohio ptd tto
Canadian Pacitte .. 1.600 116^ 116 116**
Central of . N J... l.OUO 157 157 157
Ches 4c Ohio I.uuo 3o\ 30>,i 30 Va
Chicago .v Alton.. oUO SfeVs '<!* 3s
Chi A: Alton pfd M4
Chicago &. Ot West 4, BOO 1<S 154 15» 4
Chicago Ac N W lt>s»
Chi Mil &. BX. Paul. 15,M)0 145 5i 142 7 ,, 141T;*
Chi M & St P ptd. 100 170 170 176
Chi Term & Trans 100 S% b*% 8%
Chi T & T pfd n%4
C C C & St lioula 724
Colo Southern 500 I6'» 16 16
Colo So let pfd 3vo 53 WJ% S2\i
Cold So id pfd -'00 Tlhi r_'! t 22
t>el X Hudson 2.800 157 lid 156Ji
LK-1 J.;». -i A: StJSVj
Denver & lUo Gr.. 50O 20 20 20H
I>en"& Kio Or pfd <i9=h
Erie 19,000 24% 23% Ti%
Erie m l»l<J 1,200 63'i «3 03
Erie Ud pfd 500 Zb\ Sh^ Sa^i
Hocking Valley 63
Hock V*lk>y pfd... 4(H> feOH 80t; SO
Illinois Central . . . 4ixi 1304 13tf»i 130
Iowa Central 18
Iowa Central pfd 34
K C Southern 17^.j
K C Southern pfd. 300 35 S5 34
I>»ulsv 6l Nashv.. 400 107'i 100'i 107
Manhattan L 400 142^ 142V4 1*2«4
Metropol Securities 800 77^ 76 76
Met Street Ky 15,300 112 10a 109%
Minn & St Louis 40
M St P & S S M 60'^
M 8 P & S S M pfd 1OO 11CM, 110^4 115
Missouri Paclxlc ... 0.U0O 02>.i 81% 91%
Mo Kans & Texas 100 17*4 17U 17^
M K & T pfd 200 36^ S6\i 36)*
NRRof Mex pfd 3&A
S Y Central 2,000 115^ 113 115
Ncrlolk & west.. 100 67 67 &8*i
Nor ti West pfd S8
Ontario & Westfrn. l.tWW 21 M 21 hi 2H4-
Pennsylvania 23,400 117% 117ii 117li
P C C 4 £t Loais 55
Reading 22.100 44M, 42!4 43
Reading 1st pfd •8Vi
Reading 2d pfd... 2.200 61 •» 61 T4 60 %
Rock Island Co 5.800 22V4 22 22
flock Island Co pfd fc«0 . G3»i 63 tf 63
St L &. S F 2d pfd. 100 40 46 48
St Louis S \V 200 13Vi 13% 13
Rt Louis S W pfd. 300 33 Vi 33 -33Ji
Houlhern Pacific .. 20,100 47% . 46»i 46%
Southern Hallway. *V» 20«-i 20^4 20»»
Southern Ry pfd.. 80O S3?i S3*i 83%
Texas & Pacific 22>^
Tol St L & West.. 100 2G«4 26% 25%
T St L i W pfd.. 1,000 *39^ 38 38Vi
l?nlon Paeinc 31,000 M% M'4 83%
Uraon Taclflc pfd.. 800 92V» 91 H 02
Waba«h 200 18 17% 17%
W'abash pfd 3,400 37% 30% 30 %
Wheel & Lake E. .' 15%
Wisconsin Central. 2O0 17% 17»i 17V4
Mf*cellaneovs —
Amalgamated Cop.. 14.100 4SV4 47«^ 47%
Am Car & F BOO 17* 10% IT
Am Car & F pfd.. 200 C3H 69\i <»
Am Cotton Oil .. COO W¥» 2»Vi 20%
Ara Cotton OU pM SS
American Ice 400 C% 0% . <J*i
American Ice pfd.. 200 27", 27^ 27-4
Amer Linseed Oil $\ t
Amer Lin OH pfd, 3SVi
Am Locomoti%-e ... 1.500 1S^ IS I8V4
Amer Loco pfd . . Kfl hi V t 81 80»4
Am c r Smelt & n. 1,900 48N 49*4 40V4
Arr.'T S & Ret pfd 800 ttj'; 0.'.*, 85>4
Aner Sugar Ref.. 4.300 127 «^ 12C»i 120^
Anaconda Min Co.. 100 7C 76 78
Brook1>-n Hap Tran. 12.S0O 4<i\C, 45H 45»i
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 300 31 31 30Vi
Consolidated Gas.... 1.800 20»«4 203 208^
Corn Products - .... 13%
Corn Products pfd. 100 70«4 70H 70^
Distnier*' Secur 22
General Electric .. 1.400 15» 15C% 157
Inter Paper COO ll& 1114 U
Inter Paper pfd 68
Inter Pump 38Va
Inter Pump pfd 70
National Lead : 16V»
North American '. .. 81 hi
Paciffc Mai! 25%
People's Gas 800 97V4 »«% 0C%
Pressed Steel Car.. 300 26K 2fl 2«
Pressed Fteel C ptd 100 71>i 71>5 71
Pullman Palace Car 100 210 210 209
Republic Steel 6%
Republic Steel pfd. 200 424 42^ 42V»
Rubber Goods .... 10ft 15% 15% 15^
Rubber Gotj3 pfd. 200 7^% 70*i 7«»i
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 800 33% 85^, 35Vi
V S Leather 1,000 7 <S% C%
V S Leather pfd.. 800 70% 7t)U 75H4
V B Realty aOO 6Ti «% <Jii
U S Realty pfd... 3.U00 5S"^ 67% 5S
IT K Rubber 1,400 17Ti 17 17^
tJ S Rubber pfd.. S00 C7V4 «6^ C<W 3
V S Steel .: 1.100 10?fc 104 104
U S St«l pfd • . . 29,ftOO S6 W% Sft%
We«tin:h0UM Elec. 200 Ii.1 153 1&:!V-
Western Union .. 3C0 s§% 88% 8S»i
Total !«a5ps .SC3.20O shares.
UNITED RAILROADS* OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK, May 2.—Bond transactions
T"n.'.<•<: Railroads of San Francisco: 9000 at'
77; COOO at 77»i.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANT.
Common bid i\t, asked 4%; preferred bhl
SCht. asked :'.U%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ret 2s reg. .103V*iL & N unified 4s..lC0%
Iw coupon US',4 i Man coi gold 4s.103
Dc 3a reg 10« !M»x Cent 4s «7$i
IX- coupon l'Hi'4 1..0 1st lnc 11
\ Do new 4s reg.133 [Jfinn C ft L 4s.. 90:
I Do coupon 133 |M, K & T 4s....lO->H
- Do old 4s reg.lO7V 4l Do 2ds 78%
Do coupon 107 K | N"R of Mex con 4s. 73 %
A'."b ceo 45 .10014 NYC gen 3V5».. 88%
Do &4J U ..... 01>4 N J C gen 5»....129^i
Atlantic C L 4s. 04% Nor Pac 4a ..i.,.103%
lUi & Ohio 4s...l00i;j Do Sa 72
CHEESE— 8@9c for good to choice new
and 7&7fcjc for lower grades; Young Americas.
»H©10c: Eastern. 15@16c; Western. U@15c
per lb. *
EGGS— Ranch. 10@21c for fair to choice
and 22c for selected large white; store, 17@
ISHc per. dozen. ,
Eggs ruled firm, though there waa no scar
city. Buying for storage continues on a lib
era 1 scale, but some local houses hope that a
further advance in quotations will shut It off
and thus check the upward movement, which
they consider fictitious at this time of the year,
and likely to be followed by a depressed mar
ket later on.
Receipts were 80.100 lbs Butter, 1462 cases
Esrjf? and 700O lb» Cheese.
"BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 18@19c
for extras and 17©17^c for firsts; dairy, 150
17',jc; store Butter, 13&14c; cold storage, nom
inal.
In spite of continued large receipts the feel-
Ing in Butter was reported steadier yesterday
without any change in prices. The steadiness
was attributed to some packing- orders on the
market, but the average dealer, with his
eye on that l.OitO.000 pounds in storage left
over from last year, dties not feel much like
rushing into the storage and packing business
on hta own account to any great extant.
The situation In Cheeese was unchanged.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry opened J the week easy and at the
end of the day there was a considerable quan»
tity of undesirable stock lying around unsold.
Nearly all of the. ear of Western Hens that
came In last Friday was still on hand and
another car was placeX on the market. | Re,
celvers of Wtutern were-Mibliged (o cut prices
in order to effect saUs and the stock was
offered at $7@7 50 per dozen and moved rather
froely at those figures. Ther«; was not enough
doing in domestic Poultry to warrant any
change in the quotations, but the general
feeling was* weak, with dealers making con
cessions In order to clean up. Game* was in
light receipt and cleaned up quickly -at the
previous prices.
POULTHY— Live Turkeys. 15@17c per lb;
Geese, per pair, $1 50@2; . Goslings, ;
Ducks, $5 OOij (5 60 per dozen for old and $6 5f>l»
7 50 lor young- Hens, ' $U@7 for large and
$5{j5 50 for small; young Roosters, $7 iiOifi
8 50; old Roosters, '; $5@5 50; Fryers. $5@7;
Broilers, $3 50^4 50 for large and $2 5«tf 2 75 for
fmall; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old
and $1 7582 tor Squabs.
GAME — Gray Geese, $3 50@4 per dozen;
White Geese. $1 1*5@1 75; lirant. <l 50^2 oo;
Honkers. $465; English Snipe. $4; common
Snipe $1 75&2; Cottontail Rabbits, $1 75@2;
Brush Rabbits, 1 SO: Hare. *l 50®l 75.
S, Poultry -and Game.
Money— |U S Steel JHHi
Call loans 2^34 Do pfd ........ 55?£
Time loans 3®4ia Westing Common. 78-
Bonds — Mining—, .
AtchUon 4s 99^1 Adventure 2
Do adj 4s 91 JAllouez 4?i
Mex Cent 4e 64?4'Amal Copper 47«4
Railroads — Amcr Zinc 10
Atchlson 71Ti Atlantic 7',i
Do pfd 92% Bingham 21
Boston & Albany. 24m Calumet & Hecla.463
Boston & Main. .its Centennial 10U
Boston Elev 141 Copper Range .... 40*»
Fltchburr pfd....l3S Daly West 21 K
Mcx Central <5VilDom Coal ....... 65^
N Y. N H & H.. 188 m Franklin 7&
Pere Maruette.. 77%|Groncy 4
Union Pacinc SH lisle Royale 7 '-
Miscellaneous — | Mass Mining .... 4
Amer Arge Chem. 13H(Mlchigran *M
Do pfd •• 71 j Mohawk 4
Aroer Pneu Tube. 4 94 1 Mont Coal & Coke 2V*
Amer Sugar 126«i!Old Dominion ... 12%
Do pfd ..126 lOsreola 60
Amer Tel & Tel. 12«V r | Parrot .' 23
Amer Woolen- ... 10-XlQulncy 81
Do pfd 74 u, Shannon 8
Dom Iron £ S... !>% Tamarack 90
Ed Elect Ilium.. .23(1 Trinity 3V&
Gin Electric ....15.'i II S Mining 20
Mass Electric 20 US Oil ..^, 9%
Do pfd 73 Utah 33%
Mass Gas ":i*4 Victoria 3;
United FruH ...1107 IWinona .......... B
Un Shoe Mach.,. 40^ Wolverine 71
Do pfd .29 I
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
LIIVERPOOL.
Wheat — May. July.
•Opening 6 3% 0 4%
Closing C 3% 6 4ft
PARIS.
-Wheat — ' May. Sept. -Deo.
Opening ....... \ 2120 20 40
Closing 21 25 20 50
Flour —
Opening ;...... 27 75 27 45
Closing 23 03 27 45
Condition of the Treasury. x
WASHINGTON. May 2.— To-day's statement
I of '.he Treasury balances in the general fund,
; exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
I division of redemption, shows: Available cash
I balance,-$230.»19,188; j^ld, $111.380,890.
j St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, May 2.— WOOL— Steady. Me
i dium grades, combing and clothing. 17@19ci
heavy fine, 12@14 1 ,4c^ tub washed, 20@31c.
Northern Wheat Market.
! ¦ . OREGON.
| | PORTLAND. May 2— WHEAT— Walla Wai
1 la. fc>6e; bluestem, 81c; valley. 83@S5c.
j " WASHINGTON. "^
TACOMA, May 2.— WHEAT— Bluestem, 84c;
club. -74c.
i • Northern Business,
>. i SEATTLE^ May 2.— Clearings, $637,280; bal
ances, $UW,5.".Y
. TACOMA. May 2.— CHarings, $380,382; bal
ances, S7&537. •¦-•-« • ¦ j
: ! PORTLAND, May 2.— Clearings, $733,275; j
balances. $'.i:{.rj">. |
i SPOKANE, May "2. — Clearings, $349,100;
balances^ $43,GC5.-
Foreign Futures.
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.226O 2350 ISav * L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — tSec Sav Bk. — 400
Mutual Sav.lOO ~~ — r Union T Co. . — —
S F Sav U.62S — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 IPresldlo 33& 41
Geary — so I- ._..__ !
POWDER.
Giant 60^3 fiHi'Vigortl .. *U 4ft
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 4Oc IKilauea S C.. 3 4^
Hawaiian C. 4S>£ 50 tMakawell C. 21 21 \
Honokaa S C 11 Vi 12 jonomca. 9 C. 23^ 27
Hutch S P C Sri 9 IPaauhau S C. IS 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.13SUU0 [Oceanic S Co.- 4 4ft
Cal F C A. — lOO^H-ac Aux FA. 5 •'
Car Wine A. 91 ft — [Pac C Borx.lfl& 167
MV& MtTm.100 — ,'
Boar Mornir S Session. " ;
10 Spring Valley Water Co 39 00
Street —
10 Honokaa S Co IS CO,
30 Oceanic S S Co 4 12fi
23 S F National Bank 155 vb
30 Spring Valley Water Co 33 C(J
Afternoon Seastoo.
Board —
35 California Wine Association... 91 75
30 Honokaa S Co .*...J. 11 50
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 9 CO
50 S F Gas & Electric 62 35
$1,000 Cal Gas & El Gen M & C T 6s. 81 5O
$1,000 Cal Gas & El Gen M & C T 5s." 8t 25
$l,0M> Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s. . . OS 00
$1,000 S P of Arizona (1910) 10» U>
$2,C00 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). .107 73
*t;,wo Stockton Gas & Electric 6s 95 0O
Street — •
$1,000 Pacific Electric Ry Ss 1C5 CO
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
'V.;, Bid. Ask.i Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6a. — 90 |SF & NP 5s. — lll»i
B L Wat 6s. — 117^iS P C R 4s. — 10O
Cal NW 5s..l08^110V 3 !S P Co 4Vis.l00^101»i
M C Wat 59.100 — |Sun Tel 6s. .113 — '
Ris I WksSs — 107^4' Suttr-st R3a.lO5 113
SF Drdk 5s — 113^,1 IT. of SF 4s/'76 1 .4 77^4
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. .. 24 — LonA SF Bk. — W>
Cal Cot Mils 88 — Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal G&ECor. 41 45 Nev Nat Bk. — 2W>
C Jockey C1.120 ISO |N S U R Co. 9»4 —
Cal Powder.. 125 — N Cal P Co. 11 11%
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 |Oak Bk .<«v.H2>i —
Cal TUT — 135 |O^k T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk. Oak 64 65 IOOF Hall AS —
Chutes Co .. — 7*a Orpheum Co.. 14 —
City & C Bk — 112 I Pac C Cas..l2O — «
Cyj>LImp..*8 — IParaf Paint.. 38 —
East Dynm.. — 250 |S F Drydock 60 —
DpntPwd pfd SO 00 i&F&SJ Coal. — 3I>
Do com .. — 50 |8 J Wat Co. — 108
FN Bk, Oak.120 — (SO ft MTgbt.125 —
Ktacher Thtr — l>4!Swls»-A Bk.115 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — .Truck Elect.. 12J4 12H
Gas Con A.. — 22 flTR InC pfd. 42 — .
Hono P Co.. — 14^j Do com ..9 —
Morning Session.
Street—
4^ Pactflc States Tel & Tel Co. .10* 0»
Afternoon Session.
Street— -:
$1,000 S F & N P Ry 5 per cent 111 50
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 25
Apollo 43
Associated Trust Cert 19 20
Azt<>c .... 75
Caribou 4 25 4 30
Central Point Con ta> 74
Chicago Crude 2O 21
Claremont 62 ....
¦ Esperanza .... 1 40
Four 5S «0 .
I Fulton 3 75
I Giant 15
i Han ford 180 00 • KM> 0«> •
Home 1 57^i 1 CO
Imperial 14 5O 10 OO
{.independence 24 25
[Junction .., »....>.. 1? •"
Kern 5 GO 5 12'4
K?rn River 10 vn 12 (K>
Lion « ....
Monarch of Arizona. .... 40
Monte Cri*to 7. 68 75
Occidental of W Va 10 12
Oil City Petroleum 43 4»
Peerless '. 13 SO
Ptttsbursr 15 2O
Reed Crude , 1 5O ....
S F * McKlttrlck 3 OO
Senator 69 7ft
Sovereign 41 43
Sterlinff 2 2<>
Superior 04 OS
Thirty-three 8 25
Toltec 19 2O
Twenty-eight TOO S5O
! West Shore 2 «O
; Associated Bonds .... 79 .
Teck Oil Co J 10
Miscellaneous—
Abty Lan-1 & Improvement. . 1 SS 1 50
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ?<9 Oft ....
California Shipping Co...... 18 0(> 27 50
Chutes Company « R7*i 7 75
Cypress Lawn Imp Co ft W* 7 CO
Fischer's Theater 43 75
Northern Ca> Power 11 OQ 11 2ft
Unitary Reduction Works.. 1 35 2 CO
SALES. •
Morning Session.
Board —
2C0 Home 160 ,
Street—
50 Caribou — 4 25
Afternoon Session.
poanJ—
350 Independence -%
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following: w*#e the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterdays
Morning S«s«ion.
400 Belcher 23< UK) Mexican .2 10»
SOO Hull ton CO! 5rt Ophir JSt l i
100 Caledonia ... «•>{ 40O Overman :t»
150 Con C A VaA W &K» Seff Belcher .. 11
100 Gould ft Cur. 2*1 100 Union Con . . 7'»
100 Justice Ill 100 Yellow Jacket. 2t
500 Mexican 2 131
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 221 20«» Savage 3S
ICO Belcher 23! 10O S«k Belcher ... It
20O Chollar 23* loft Tnlon Con .. 77
100 Crown Point. 171 20O ITnlon Con .. 78
400 Mexican 2 11 100 Yellow Jacket. 22
2t)0 Overman 31 i
U'all-strcct Stocks weaker and Cotton lozver.
Local Stocks and Bonds shozv little of interest.
'Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
¦•Large shipments of IV heat flowing into England.
Barley a fraction lower and quiet. Oats and Corn unchanged.
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay crob prospects brilliant.
No further change in Beans and Seeds. y
Potatoes (irmly held for full figures. Onions steady.
Asparagus in liberal receipt and lozi-er.
Poultry easy, with considerable left unsold.
Strawberries arriving in better condition.
Oranges in better demand, with twelve cars auctioned.
Supplies of Butter, Cheese and Eggs still ample.
Provisions continue dull and featureless.
Mutton and Lamb continue to decline.
Lumber market reported in unsatisfactory condition.
Den & Rio G 4s. 9S%|Wabash lsts 115»1
V.ri" prior lien 4s. 99U Do deb B 61
To gen 4s S6^i \V & L Erie is... ¦ 80H"
V W & D C lsts.107 Wls Cent 4s...... OOJi
Hock Val 4>is...l06%
NEW YORK MIXING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 Little Chief 05
Alice 35 Ontario 3 75
Bieece 10|Ophir 5 50
Bruns Con 031 Phoenix 08
Com Tunnel .... lOIPotosi IS
Con Cal &. Va.. 1 5OjSavage 31
Horn Silver 135|Sierra Nev 53
Iron SUver 1 75 Small Hopes 15
Leadmie Con 02 Standard 2 CO
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO. May 2.— CATTLE— Receipts. 24,-
COO. Steady." Good to prime steers, $5® 5 60;
poor to medium, $4 50@4 75; stackers and feed
ers, $3@4 50; cows. $1 50® i 35; heifers. $2 25@
¦4 75; canners. $1 60®2 60; bulls, $2 25@4;
calves, $2 50@6 75; Texas fed steers. $4@4 CO.
, HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 45,000; to-morrow,
40,000. 5@10c lower. Mixed and bntchera,
$4 65«jf4 80; good to choice ; heavy, $4 70®4 80;
roush heavy, ?4 60^4 70; Rgtit, $4 50@4 70; bulk
of sales, $4 «5<g4 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 20.000. Sheep and lambs,
strong. Good to choice wethers, $4 75ffi-5 65; fa}r
to choice mixtid, J3 TSgM 75;- Western sheep,
$5©C C5; native lambs. $4 ITift 5 00; Western
lambs (clipped), $4 75.@G; . Western lambs
(wdoled). $0®7. - ••
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO,
Livestock Market.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, |6 50; Bea
ver Hilt. $G; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk end $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14:
Welsh Anthracite ! Egg. f!3; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cinnel,$S 50 per ton; Coke, $11 50@13
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2©UO lbs and $12 80
per lons^Hon, according tot brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c; Linseed. 40c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases, No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 10^1 Xi\ Lucol, 45o for boiled
and 43c for raw^ China Nut. W®70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 35c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 8&c; natural winter Sperm Oil, 80c; extra
hleached winter Whale Oil, C5c: natural Whale
Oil. eOc: extra, winter strained Lard Oil. 73c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. «0c; pure Neatsfoot OH. 75c:
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light Herring OH,
15c; dark Herring Oil, 43c; Salmon Oil, 38o;
boiled Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 33c; boiled
Paint Oil, 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. rn balk.
14o; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20Sc; Astral. 2OV4c;
Star. 20%c; Extra Star, 24%c; Elaine. 2u^c:
Eocene, : 23Vic; Deodorized Hto*e Gasoline, In
bulk. 16c; in cases. 22Hc: Benzine. In bulk.
13c: in cases. 19Vfcc; 80-degree Gasoline la
bulk, 25c; in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon in cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
REI* AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7®
7%c per lb; White Lead. 70 r 7%c. according; to
quantity.
SUGAR— The Western SugSr Refining Com
pany quotes as fellows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5_J5c:
Powdered. 5.«0c; Candy Granulated, 5.tS0c;
Dry Granulated, fine, 5.50c; Dry Granu
lated, coarse, 5.50c; Fruit Granulated^ 5.50c;
Beet Granulated (10O-Ib bags only), 0. tr>c:
Confectioners' A. 5.50c; Magnolia A. 8.10c:
Extra C. 5c; Golden C, 4.90c; "D."
4.S0c ; barrels. 10c more; half barrels, 23c more;
boxes. 50c more; 50- lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets— Half barrels, 6c; boxes,
fi.25c: H. & E. Crystal DomlnHS. 8.50c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-flve bar
rels or its equivalent.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5%c spot and 5%c June-
July: San puentin. $5 40; Wool Bags. 32@33ci
Fleece Twine. 7@Sc.
General Merchandise.
suddenly plentiful, 85 sacks being received,
and prices declined sharply. The other south
ern vegetables showed but little change. The
steamer Curacao, which arrived on • Sunday
from Mexican ports, brought up 1201 boxes of
Tomatoes and 66 ¦ boxes of Peppers. r - • -
Receipts of vegetables Included 970 boxes
of Asparagus. 721 boxes of Rhubarb and 483
sacks of Peas.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, $1 60
<g$l 65 per ctl;- Oregon Burbanks, $1 60@l 75
per ctl; River Reds. $1@1 16 per ctl; small
Oregon Bnrbanks for seed, $1 25@1 50 per ctl;
Garnet Chiles. $1 75@2 per ctl; Early Rose,
$1 4C@1 60 per ctl: new Potatoes, 2@2^c per
pound.
ONIONS— Yellow, $2 50@2 75 per ctl for Ore
gon and $2 6G@:i 25 for Australian; Green
Onions 25«40c per box. . ¦
VEGETAELES — Asparagus. 4^4@7c per In;
Rhubarb 3S®75c per box; Green Peas. $1.25©
1 75 per sack; Garden Peas, 2%c per lb; String
Beans, 8@12Hc per lb; Tomatoes, $l@l 60 per
box or crate for Los* Angeles, and ?l 25tJ-l 73
fox Mexican: .Summer Squash. |1^1 50 per
box: Cabbage. $i 50 per ctl: Carrots. 50c~pe>
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 75c© 1 25 pe*
dozen: Garlic. <J5c per lb: Egg Fiaitf, 15320c
per lb; Dried Peppers. 8@lUc for eun-drled
and 12^@13c per lb for evaporated; Dried
Okra l*Vi@l5c per lb; Green Peppers. 15@2Oo
per lb; Marrowfat Squash, Jobbing at l%Q2o
per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. .CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3,- 1904.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, May 2. — On the Produce Exchange- '
to-day the butter market was heavy. Cream
eries. 14023: dairies-, U<?i21c. Eggs, . Bteady,
1W516HC Che«*«, steady. 8 J ,4©10^c.
ELGIN. 111.. May 2.— Gutter ruled arm, sell- '
Ing at 23c.
NEW TOPJC. May 2. — A larger volume ©X
'trjsiness wa» transacted on the Stock Ex
change to-day than the average don* last week,
and fluctuations were wider. The specific
causes of th« flnnne»« and heaviness of the
isarket were not **xy to discern, but the
«T!re to set the operation of the Panama
t anal payment terminated has an Influence ia
i«er>!nK settlements unsettled. The reticence
oi>— -rv« a by the accnts. in tfai* operation as to.
the details by which It I* to h* carried out
leaves little bs£ls for accurate estimates, and
New York Stock Market.
The effort of the Standard Oil Com
pany In Germany to combine with the
Austrian reflaera has failed.
Potato handlers were predicting- lighter re
ceipts from Oregon from now on and were not
inclined, to let -go of their holdings ' at the
prevailing prices. .Buyers were operating
cautiously and In most instances refused to
take any more » than absolutely necessary for
immediate requirements. New Potatoes con
tinued . abundant „. and ,weak. although occa
sional sales were reported at' a, slight ad
vance! over the quotations. - Onions ~ were.un
changed, with only the beat Australian receiv
ing any attention. , • ,. '
Receipts of Asparagus continued liberal, and
as the demand was less active than on Satur
day, prices ranged, "lower. Occasional lot» of
well known brands of extra fancy stock com
manded a small 'premium., but the general run
Of supplies sold within the'' quoted range. The
canners purchased some No. 2 at the. mini
mum ' quotation. " • Green Peas ¦ did ¦ better under
decreased . receipts and | the market was 1 pretty
well cleaned up at the * clooe. Rhubarb con
tinued • to drag. Southern String , Beans were
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The following quotations are for pood, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 60
per c«at shrinkage for Cattle :
CATTLE— Steers. Seflct Cows and Heifers.
7fl.Sc;thln Cows. 4©5c per lb. .- -:¦
HALVES— WiVtC P»r lb (gross weight).
SHESP— Wether*. -»c: Ewes* 2@3^e pep lb
(gross weight).- , -.-
LAMBS— $2 50- per head. ' —
> HOGS — Live * Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 5%Jo:
over 200 lbs. 5%@a%c; soft Hogs. 4%©aCc;
Sows, SO per cent off: Boars.' 5O per cent oft,
and, Stags, 40 ptr cent off from above qucta
tlons, -~ •..¦¦•¦.¦•-¦.¦..
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
.,. DRESSED MEATS.
g Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: • :¦- . -...¦¦¦
BEEF— "•tfSc for Steers and 6®7o per Ib for
< VEAL-«'Lar£». 839c: small. S%$9%c per
pound.
MTJTTOX— Wethers, 8@Stfc; Evrt\ 7«$$SV4c
per lb. • ¦ 5
LAMB— 10«10Vic per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hup. 6>4®9c per lb.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
«\_^ JUST ARRIVED and will be sold at
?r+$ auction— 1 car of CHEAP HORSES. 100
styles; of wagons, surreys, buggies, carta and
ail kinds of rubber- tired vehicles. 71 sets single
and double harness, at 1140 FOLSOM. TUES-
DAY. MAT 3. 11 a. m. WILLIAM CLOCGH.
Auctioneer. ' -
J&fc jfe* £*
AUCTION SALE— ARCADE HORSE MAK-
KET. 327 Sixth St.. May 4. at 11 a. m.. I
will sell a lot of good work horses and mares.
Also a lot of single and double harness. JOHN
-J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.A diocese meeting of the Woman's
Auxiliary was held yesterday at Grace
Episcopal Church, California and
Stockton streets, Mrs. James Newlands
in the chair. . -
The Rev. David J. Evans, the rector,
in addressing the meeting expressed
himself as being thoroughly at home
in the auxiliary.
There was an -'exceptionally large
gathering of the ladies, of Grace
Church and many were present ¦ from
the bay cities.
The auxiliary received good news
from the Rev. John Chapman of the
Anvlk (Alaska) Mission, who reported
that the Indians have driven out the
Shamans and have made a request for
a white physician.
Another item of : most . satisfactory
news received, was the announcement
that Bishop Rowe has arrived in Cali
fornia, after his perilous exploration
of unknown territory in Alaska.
Bishop Rowe Was at one time, three
days without food and. to add to the
peril in which he found >¦ himself he
lost the trail and barely, escaped with"
his life. . , .
The Bishop is at Paso Robles, where
the rest Is proving beneficial. , , _ [ ¦ ¦
Through an officer of v the • Central
Woman's Auxiliary Hears of Divine's
Narrow Escape In Alaska.
BISHOP ROWE'S PERIIj.
TOPEKA, Kans., May 2. — J. R.
Koontze has been appointed 'general
freight agent of the Santa Fe system,
with headquarters at Topeka.
New Freight Agent for Santa Fe.
New York Branch of the Woman's
Auxiliary over $5000 has been raised
with which to build a house for Bishop
Howe at Sitka, alongside the stone
Gothic church which was built by Mis3
Mary Rhinelander of Xew York. The
California Woman's Auxiliary placed
a handsome carved oak altar in the
church some time ago.
Mrs. A. M. Lawver, secretary, re
ported her visits - to the branches
through the diocese and Miss Hamlin
gave an interesting and graphic ad
dress on "Caste in India."
The auxiliary is preparing for the
triennial convention of -the Episcopal
church, which begins &rxt October in
Boston. Mrs. William Ford Nichols,
wife of Bishop Nichols, Mrs. Lawver
and Miss Kate W. Storey are expected
to attend the conventionas representa
tives of the California branch of the
Woman's Auxiliary. • .
, .. *-.
HOUSE.,' OF' BISHOPS ADJOURXS.
Distinguished Prelates Express De
light With San Francisco.
The House of Bishops of the Meth
odist Episcopal Church met for the
last time in the city. yesterday morn
ing and adjourned about noon. In
the evening the/, distinguished body
departed on a special train to attend 1
the General Conference at Los An
geles. '
Before adjourning the house passed
a resolution thanking the committee
of arrangements for the perfect man
ner in which everything tending to the
comfort of the Bishops was consid
ered. '
The Bishops passed a resolution ex
pressing their deep appreciation of
the. attention they had received at the
hands of the manager of the Occiden
tal Hotel.
Regarding the convention Bishop
Goodsell said:
"We feel that never have we been
more carefully provided for or more
genially or thoroughly j entertained.
We have, " indeed, been almost ' embar
rassed, with the hospitality, and only
through lack of time have we had to
decline, most regretfully, an invitation
to Mare Island and also to dine with
some of the officers at the Presidio."
During the afternoon several of the
Bishops paid a visit to Palo Al(,o and
some went to San Jose, where last
nightthey joined the special from San
Francisco. ,.•¦.•• . ,
Bishop Moore; arrived, from China
on the steamship China and will leave
for Los Angeles to-day.
i Bishop Fowler has been invited and
has accepted an invitation to preach
the baccalaureate sermon at the Uni
versity of California May 10, and
Bishop Goodsell will preach the
baccalaureate at Stanford University
the same date. .
There is more ' than a likelihood
that among the new Bishops to be ap~
pointed at the General , Conference
will be Dr. Stuntz of the Philippines.
The doctor, who • has. seen many
years' service as . a " missionary, has
won the highest admiration of his
coworkers on the mission field and
also the psteem of the missionary
board of America.
"Manila should be a free port. The
United States consular service in the
Far East is a disgrace to the republic.
The average representative of this
Government in the Orient is an ill
informed. Incapable -grafter, a detri
ment to American progress in that part
of the world and a living blot upon
American prestige among the nations
of the world. I make this statement
advisedly and my signature goes with
it if you want it."
AV. M. Castle of the firm of Castle
Brothers of this city returned from the
Orient yesterday, a passenger, with
hi3 wife, on the liner China. Having
extensive business relations throughout
the Far East and being a frequent
visitor to that part of the world, Mr.
Castle's opinions on trans-Pacific sub
jects are" entitled to respect and he
voiced them yesterday in no uncertain
key. He has radical idea's concerning
the Philippines and no use for the
American Consul in the Orient, as may
be gathered from the opening quota
tions from his opinions as expressed
yesterday on the China's deck. Con
all the States in Union and an ad-
The Government needs nothing more than a
training school for ) the consular service and
the placing of Consuls under civil service regu
lations. We have some good Consuls In the
Orient, and none of them ever Jhade me con
tribute any side money to thelr'prosperlty. I
am known there, however, and, good or bad,
they all know that I could make things hot
for the Consul that gave me anything but a
square deal. I>t the average traveler In the
Far East go to the American Consul for as
sistance, for advice, for anything, even mall,
and In nine cases out of ten the consular
hand* will be stretched forth to. catch what
may come in response to the Intimation that
"the Consul 'la not out., here for his health."
The result Is that -rAmericans that know | the
ropes go to any Consul but their own for ad
vice or. information and keep their troubles
to themselves. . - ¦ .^ ¦ • ¦
Speaking of the Philippines Mr. Cas
tle declares the new possessions. In
his'opinlon, of great intrinsic value. He
said: ...
Both civil and military arovernments have
done solendld - work ' there, and In this I con
nection I want to pay a tribute to Archbishop
Harty of "the Catholic church. There ia an
American for you. All by himself he is doing
as much to popularize American rule as any
branch of the government. The United
States owes Harty a biff. debt.
Manila, in my opinion, should, be a' free
port, like Hongkong. I am a good Republican
and I know this Is against tradition. So was
expansion. We expanded, and it Is up to us
now to do everything we can to make expan
sion a , success. The labor j question in • the
Philippines must be - settled. If the. Filipino
will work, I say by. all means keep out the
Chinese. The wage for unskilled labor Is now
$1 a day. This will keep a Filipino a week.
He will • not "work while he has money. We
must cither, break up this habit .i which Is bred
In the bone, cut his pay to 1<K cents a day.
Import Chinese or give up the Philippines.
Our New Minister.
• Seats for. tho "Our New Minister" en-,
gagement went on sale at the California
Theater yesterday morning before a long
line of intending purchasers. A majority
of buyers were. friends of Ernest Hast
inss who bought seats in blocks of
eight and ten for .the opening night, next
Sunday. 1 their intention -.being to give
"Ernest" a royal welcome. All the fa
vorites of last year's cast are still with
the /company, Conyers,- Brawn. NBarker,
Fierce, Rainf ord and May. Owing ; to the
heavy demand for seats special Wednes
day, matinees will be given . during • this
engagement. ; • ¦'' ' . ¦ -• •
FORM A SOCIAL UXIONV
Presbyterians : Meet - Around Banquet
Board and Complete Organization.
Prominent, men o^f the Presbyterian
church, clergy and laymen, both of
SarpFrancisco^nd the bay cities, met
last night at. the»Occidental Hotel and
formed. the -Presbyterian Social Union.
President John 'S.-McIntosK of the San
Francisco Theological' Seminary was in
the chair. * - . v.,^-r
, The ; distinguished guest of the first
social ¦ was Dr. Henry C. 'Minton of
Trenton. ; N. . J., i who • delivered a stir
ring Bpeech. * Dr. Day and Dr. E.E.
Baker ;¦ ; were among the speakers.
About seventy sat around the. banquet
board." ':'!{".<;¦.': ¦ ";;• v ; ... , « ¦ \'.d'->--'-'
. W A. DEANE APPOINTED.— Wllll&m A.
Deane, formerly County Clerk of Baa Fran
cisco and at . present chief deputy County
Clerk, has been appointed superintendent of
the Government Indian warehouse In this city.'
Do you wear- glassear Properly fitting
glasses' and. Murine- Eye Remedy, pro
mote Bye comfort. Murine makes weak
eyes strong. Cures v soro eyes. ' - •; ,
W. '3L Castle Says Service
in the Far East Is a Dis
grace to the Eepublic
GRILLS CONSULS
IN THE ORIENT
PASTOR OF HAMILTON' M. E.
CONGREGATION WHO IS TO
HAVE NEW CHURCH.
WINS FIGHT
FOR FREEDOM
CITY'S BUDGET
TO BE FRAMED
Finance Committee 'Fixes
Time for Hearing Depart
ment Heads on Expenses
George Walker, After More
Than Six Tears in the
o County Jail, Is Discharged
George Walker, after being confined
in the County Jail for more than six
years waiting the final disposition of
his case, was discharged from custody
yesterday. The case was called in
Judge Dunne's court and was dismissed
on motion of the District Attorney.
The situation assumed more than or
dinary importance from the determined
fight made by Attorney George D. Col
lins to save Walker from being sent to
State's prison and losing his franchise.
Walker was employed as a solicitor
by the American Tract Society, an<l
was arrested in 1897 on four charge
of felony embezzlement. He was held
to answer and the cases were assigned
to Judge Dunne's court. He was trieJ
on one of the charges of embezzling
$S2 35 and was convicted on January
11, 1S9S. A month later he was sen
tenced to serve four years In Folaom
penitentiary.
His attorney took an appeal to the
Supreme Court, and meantime, on Jan
uary 4, 1900, the other three chaiges
against him were dismissed on motion
of the District Attorney. He was grant
ed a new trial by the Supreme Court.
At his second trial he was convicted,
and on August 26, 1901, was sentenced
to serve one year in San Quentin.
An appeal to the Supreme Court was
again taken and a new trial was grant
ed last February. Since the flist trl il
three of the most important witnesses
have died, and the fact that Walksr
had already spent more than six yean
In the County Jail and his last sen
tence was only one year lod the Dis
trict Attorney to move for a dismissal
of the case, thereby saving the expense
of another trial.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
decided yesterday to begin considera
tion of the municipal budget for 1904-5
to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock. The
requested appropriations of the County
Clerk, Assessor, Recorder, Tax Collect
or and Sheriff will be taken up and
the . heads of the five offices will be
present to explain their needs to the
committee, which will formulate its
recommendations to the board.
The board, received notification from
the Sacramento Chamber of Commerce
of & convention which is to meet in
San Francisco on May 23 to discuss the
improvement of the San Joaquin and
Sacramento rivers. The invitation to
attend, was . accepted and Mayor
Schmitz was authorized to appoint five
delegates to. the convention..
Bills were finally passed "as follows:
Appropriating $1600 .for continuing
sanitary work In Chinatown.
Granting permision to the Union Oil
Company to maintain a spur track on
Illinois street.
Ordering street - work on Clement,
Kansas and ' Hartford streets and
Eighth avenue.
Grades were ordered established on
Upper terrace and Devisadero street.
The resolution granting permission to
H. C. Holmes to blast for grading pur
poses In property on the corner of
Green and Sansome streets was re
committed to- the Street Committee.
The petition of Caroline J. Smith for
the refunding of $99 75 and a knife
taken from Henry Howe by the Police
Department was granted.
A demand was drawn in favor of J.
H. Dockweiler for $550 for services as
expert engineer in the Spring Valley
Company litigation.
Hills Bros." Arabian Roaiit Is a double
up coffee, two cups for breakfast •
: Stock certificate? and seal presses at short
notice. Ed«. S. KnoWles. 24 Second st. •
CONVICTED OF MURDER. — Wang Saa»
Lung was convicted of murder In the second
degree In Judge Lawlor*s court last night. He
murdered Yung Tot In September. 1903. The
Jury was out eight hours.
MRS. BOTKIN SEES HUSBAND 4 S BODT.—
By permission of Judge Carroll Cook. Mr* Bot
kin was allowed to visit the undertaker** yes
terday afternoon to view the remains of her
late husband. She was accompanied by r*»r-i
ty Sheriff Johnson. The funeral will take plac*
this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
The Rev. William Rader will lecture
to-night for the George H. Thomas
Post. Grand Army of the Republic, 1
at Steinway Hall, and on Thursday
night. May 17. 'he will deliver his lec
ture, "Uncle Sam," at Richmond Hall,
Fourth avenue and Clement street,- f or,
the benefit of theRlchmond Congrega
tional Church. .. -
At the Baptist Ministers' Association
yesterday the Rev. A. S. Coatts of
Berkeley, formerly of the Rochester,
N. Y.. Baptist Seminary, read a paper
on "The Omissions in the Ethical
Teachings of Jesus."
In explaining his" subject he said
Jesus did not refer, to filial devotion or
to trusts or monopolieJ^nor talk about
intemperance. These sobjects. said the
speaker, were all met in the Old Testa
ment, and where Christ did not abro
gate any of the teachings of the Old
Testament they remain intact.
The reverend gentleman dwelt on .the
fatherhood of God, saying that it was
only extended to his spiritual children,
and not to mankind in general.
Many of those present differed with
the, views presented by the Rev. Mr.
Coatts. . . .
In the afternoon Professor MargoluS
of the University of California read a
paper on "The Present Aspect of Re
formed Judaism."
The members of the Congregational
Ministers' Association met in the
Young Men's Christian Association
building yesterday morning, when the
Rev. C. "W. Hoag was elected president
of the association. Dr. W. C. Pond vice
president, Rev. J. A. Hollars secretary
and Rev. F. H. Maar treasurer.
The Rev. John L.eadingham read a
paper at the meeting entitled "The Re
ligious Status of the Hawaiian Isl
ands."
The members of the Christian Minis
terial Association had an all-day meet
ing in the lecture-room of the Young
Men's Christian Association yesterday.
The Rev. Walter M. White, the presi
dent, was in the chair. There were re
ports from the churches of the Chris
tian denomination, including those from
Fresno, Oakland. Sacramento, Napa,
Winters, Colusa, Lakeport. , San Fran
cisco and the Xoe Valley Mission,
where, it was stated, plans for building
a chapel are under consideration.
REV. A. COATTS' VIEWS.
Dr. J. W. Dinsmore of San Jose read
a paper on "Martin Luther" before the
Presbyterian Ministers' Association at
Presbyterian House, Sacramento street,
yesterday morning.
CLERGY ELECT OFFICERS.
Before the meeting adjourned a vote
of thanks and appreciation for his in
defatigable labors was accorded Dr.
Smyth. s
Announcement was made yesterday
of the. precarious condition of Mrs,
Beard, wife of the late Dr. Beard, and
great regret was manifest in religious
circles.
Dr. A. B. Leonard, secretary of the
Missionary Society, New York, was
one of the speakers at the meeting, and
told that the increase over the amount
reported at the last quadrennial meet
ing amounts to $633,027 60 for foreign
mission work, and he predicted that
before the next quadrennial the contri
butions will reach $2,000,000.
Wo requesj that in the assignment of the
Bishop's to their respective residences for the
coming quadrennium Bishop John \V. Hamil
ton, D.D.. LL.D., be assigned again to San
Francisco, and we make this request In view
of the fact that Bishop Hamilton has become
thoroughly acquainted with our problems and
.needs. He has done pplendid service as a
leader during the last quadrennlum, and every
Interest of the church has profited by his en
ergy, enthusiasm and devotion. There are en
terprises Inaugurated or fostered by him which
would be Imperiled, we fear, by his removal.
Hence, while we shall loyally welcome any one
of our chief pastors to residence in this Held,
we respectfully request that If the adjustment
of the work permits. Bishop Hamilton be once
more assigned to California.
E. R DILLE
E. P.! WILLIS.
JOHN STEPHENS.
was unanimously carried:
The San Francisco Preathers' meeting re
spectfully memorializes the General Confer
ence of 1904 as follows:
Dr. Burt of Rome, Italy, delivered an
address on the labors of the Methodist
church in Rome.
The following resolution to go before
the General Conference at Los Angeles
Dr. Smyth Compliments The Call on
Its Convention Reports.
Never has so great an assemblage
of churchmen attended the weekly
meeting cf the Methodist Episcopal
Ministers' Association as at the delib
erations in Epworth Hall yesterday
morning.
It was unlike the usual rpeetings in
that there were in the audience scores
of men from over the wide world, and
instead of the methodical executive
session the doors were thrown open
and distinguished people met and ex
changed the heartiest congratulations
on the unparalleled success which at
tended the missionary convention that
closed on Sunday.
In giving thanks to the various
chairman and committees that worked
so arduously toward the consummation
of the success of one of the greatest
and most important gatherings San
Francisco has ever known, the Rev.
George B. Smyth, D.D.. chairman of
the executive committee, said:
All have worked nobly and unselfishly
toward the success attained and w<? are deeply
indebted to the San Francisco Call for the
generous manner it has given Its valuable
epare for the publication of the Important
matters which have come before the great mis
sionary convention.
The Call has done well by us indeed and I
cannot understand why it is that al! the pres9
ha« not shown the same appreciation of the
jjrebence In San Francisco of men of world
wide importance, men from afar over the ecas,
from India and Africa, from China and Japan,
from Kor^a and other parts.
When so distingAiish^d a people come to our
State, what better means of advertising could
we have?
MISSES AN OPPORTUNITY.
And right here has the California Promotion
Committee missed an opportunity, for somehow
It did not awake to the occasion of our hav
ine in our midst such men and women as never
before have frathered in this city.
That committee failed to give attention to
the irreat missionary convention — a convention
¦tter.ded at three meeting places by more
than 4000 people, and I trust that whenever
such sn asferublape a pa in comes to San Fran
cIfco the Promotion Committee will not forget
to give It the attention merited. To The Call
then I propose a vote of thanks and to the
editors personally.
The resolution was carried with the
accompaniment of loud and long con
tinued applause. Dr. Smyth calling
out, "The vote of thanks to The Call
i? carried unanimously."
Among the delegates to the General
Conference who were introduced to the
.association were the Rev. F. Ohlinger
from Foochow, China; Dr. 'Waugh of
Lucknow, India; Ernest Gideon Bok,
lay delegate from Germany, and Ding
Maine Ing, delegate from Foochow,
j China. »
In his -uldre.-s the Bishop thanked
his hearers lor the liberal donations
that were given for the cause, and said
he hoped ihe members would be true
and faithful to their church. Further,
lie stated that he was pleased to know
that the parish had furnished so many
worshipers in the growing district, and
he paid a glowing tribute to the mem
bers that had worked po hard to make
the new project a success.
The plans suggest a building that
will make a pretty addition to the
heights. Orders were given that no
expense should be spared in making
the edifice second to none in the out
lying district.
The plans call for a modern structure
with all improvements, and noth
ing will bo left undone to make the
church a beautiful building.
«
SPEARS OF BIG GATHERING
It required but a few weeks to secure
thf necessary sum, and plans were in
evidence in quick order for the erec
tion of a meeting: place that would be
a credit to the vicinity.
T^Ftorday was the day selected to
lay the comnrestono. Some 300 of the
enurr-h members werp in attendance.
At 3 o'clock Bishop Hamilton, after
wh'im ihe church was named, opened
the ceremonies. Prayers were offered,
and thin many of the members of the
congregation said words of praise for
the ncv: undertaking.
In thv cupper receptacle in the cor
nerstone copies of the local papers and
coins of different denominations bear
ing d.itc of thJs year were placed and
scaled and the stone was lowered into
place.
Ground was broken at the Bite of the
new Hamilton Methodist Episcopal
Church at Belvedere and Waller
streets yesterday afternoon.
Because of the increase in the popu-.
lation in the vicinity of Ashbury
Heights, the little church at the cor
ner, of which Rev. C. O. Oxnam is pas
tor, became too small. Some time ago
it was suggested that the edifice
was not large enough to accommodate
the worshipers of the district, and it
was decided that a larger and more
commodious nJace was desirable. In
accordance with this suggestion a sub
scription was started, and in a short
time enough funds were raised to make
the erection of a new church a cer
tainty.
Ceremonies Attending the Erection of a Splendid House
of Worship at Ashbury Heights Appropriately Cele
brated by Bishop Hamilton— Ministers Thank The Call
CORNERSTONE IS LAID FOR NEW
METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO ,CALL> .TUESDAY, MAY ; 3, 1904.
16
ADVEETISEMENTS*
PVERY one of the four hundred vehicles in
our store is new since January 1st. The fire
last July. took all the old ones. You will be in-
terested in seeing the finest assortment of Car-
riages' ever shown west of New York City.
EROS fOMMNY
OF CAIiBFORNIA.
Carriage RepairingProperiy Done.
Market and Tenth Sts.
Catalogues Furnished.
AD VEBTLSEJIENTS.
BEAUTY OF SKIN
PURITYOF BLOOD
Ancient and Modern Ideas on
ihes« Interesting
Subjects.
UP-TO-DATE METHODS
'Fcr Purifying and Beautifying
the Skin, Scalp, /fair
and Hands.
• . Socrates called beauty a short-lired
trraony, Plato a privilege of nature,
Theocritus, a delightful prejudice,
; Tbeophrastns a silent cheat, Carneades
a Folitary kingdom, Homer a glorious
gift of nature, Ovid a favor of the
gods. Aristotle aflirmed that beauty
ttcs brttor than all the letters of rrc-
"oininendation in the world, and yet
none of these distinguished authorities
has left ::s even a hint of bow beauty
1* to be perpetuated, or the ravages of
afrc aa-i disease defied. Tirae moon
blends Abe lily E.m! V.u: rose icto ibi:
p&llor of £^e, di^ea^e dots the fair fac»*
\r:'.h c::?r.uco2S dlr:np;tira*ion.< and
crtmKOBSthr Roman no^e'wita nn«ight-
ly fiu«!u'S, rnotli, if cor rnst, corropte
the jr!->rv of eyes, teeth, and lip* yet
beautiful by d^facirj: the cooipkiiou,
ec<l Oils the sen^iUv** sor.l witti ajjouy.
If Mjcb b« the n»h»^»p> - condition of
one al3ic>d vriUi siisli^ skiji '>le:r.isbes.
¦what turst b^ the feeling*, of those in
•ethom tort-jriiif: hoinors have for
years run riot. enreri«:«j the jkin i«rJ:h
• hcales snrt sad rhargiag the
blood with poi«onoas ei«mentp -<o be-
corae a part of tb<^ tjysSi-ni until death?
It i* in the treat/ncd of torturing,
di^fliurlnj liarjors and affections of
the skiu. scr';» and blood, vrith loss of
hair, that the Cnticnra remedies have
achieved their greatest success. Orig-
inal in composition^ scientiflcally com-
pounded, absolotelj pnre, nnchange-
able in :uay clJn".ate. always ready, and
* tsrcc&b'.e to t!i« most delicate and Een-
sfliTe, Tb'.'v preset t<> yourg and old
the most «ucceisfu.l cui-atires of mod-
ern times.
. Sfvrral styles and shapes, all good
quality Knives — tho rort of quality
that makes you jrl^J you have ft.
SJJIO is morrly my special price.
Better gret one NOW. •
BEING ¦SOUS OLD SAZOS to me.
I'll make you st liberal allowance on
it for a. new «ne. I've good Razors as
low its S 1 .OO.
A:l kinds of small cutlery, at my
urual low prices. Two bars Williams'
• Shaving Soap, 15c-
IVU CARDS ZZfS OUH-
COMKCT ftTYi.CS >*D UZC6. ALSO
BUSUvcSft AMD PDorckdoniL CARDS
THAT m® PITTS
-rw-PITTS- TV. ¦MlUfMr.
1008 Market Street- •iS'^L'i.
¦ Son FKanciscO'
$200 Reward
F"or th^ tLTT^st and conviction nt ar.r ob«
DEsaultins memberi- or employee of tii!»
¦ «£sc>eiatlon nr destrcyins property belon^-
ins to ihpm
;
Report promptly to the Uw Department.
Citizens' Alliance. 217 Crossley building.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
CITIZENS' ALLIANCE.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S oncAri
kOSEUM OF flHATOMY*
A Q) I'.ZlilLllZZa.lti.blk'&.t.T.ul.A
\ fcjp The ljif"t Anatomical Mu«rurn in the \
A cK^^^rv Worid- w r-irr esses «r Any eonrrartril n
• Kb; 5r?a <li««»»e r »»t,l»^» 7 rvrM l ny tt.r »>latst "
P /t*JPiB ; >t*«« ! i««"^C««t hit :t,.,n O
A &J2£*h DS. JCRDAN-D'SEASES CF KEN A
' A f €J29*I r »f«Q"»t>or. frrr *w\ «frict!jt print* \
9 i\ J/'^M ~'"*' akFBl p»r»on»!y *r b» iftlcr. A A
\ I fun P—itirt Cure ia erery cut tinrirt ••)< *n. W
nr3 '"'^ v> ' rt ' frr B«k. PBii.oiorBV «r X
" 1 tl * nanniACK. hailes ffee. (ay
X y jj. nitiWt book for mrn) \
V CK JOKr>A> * <O. 1051 M*rk»f «-t..S. F. 9
Woman
"/v^""^ ffl^fi \V »1 *» iat««««d »nd «bould know
E'Ti V i IS* <^ r**«< in ' about the wonderful
i ftxf^^vB MAR\TL Whirling Spray
K^^'-i C->^.<3^ tionoiHl tittrtint,. Be«t-S»f-
' V$?-Si??^&gg>-i_, e«i — M "«t convenient.
i •» r*mr Irmffitt ftir It. >k. ' £fl s^^^*~~
IT h» .-annoi eupp'y the V . fUST ~ "" fZ/TZr
r.i 4it% tfi.. n'-Vii.t no U &*%P*—^
other, but send clam i> for *^k. a^/'/^s",
lUa-stratedhook-***!^. Itcire* \U. / '''tyY
full parurulir»in<l<lirert)oniiln- {Oh g fa
Talckble to ladira M Alt\ KI,fO., v t/,, Jf
« I Park Il« w, A> w \ »rU.
IS2 New iioT.tgomery, Ean Franc!*co. c*L
TV'illl&m Uattcroth (Ladies' Dept.). 22< Sutter
Vnion Drug Co.,214 Kearny & Van Ness & Mkt
Otgocd I3rotherE — 7th and Broadway, Oakland
Br.jjwin Pharmacy ..119 Ellis
C^D^STTOW6ftC0 irt jgg}b L
ft PATENTS^ 1
DIRECTORY
CF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
1 Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
. on Application.
rB£SK AZTD SAI.T MEATS.
M4S RflVFQ R m Shipping Butchen. 10S
\ JA3. DUICJ g LV. Clay. T«L Main 12M
OZZ.S.
'.txjBnicATraa oils; Leonard & elus,
US Trent iU 6. F. Phon» Main 1719.
[E.CBDGHES; •a.« M S2 r S\r.
>^ ADVEBTISEHElITa.
LUIMDSTROIMHATS
Have a certain 'smartness and indi-
viduality that distinguishes them
from others. They're always the new-
est blocks, never any "hold-overs."
Many Styles. Two Prlcts, S2.50 ft S3.50
Have You Seen
THE "PEEWEE,"
The Talk of the Town?
Pacific Coast Hat works
1458 MARKET ST.,
Opp. Central Theater, and
• 605 gEABBTT ST.
ADVERTISEMENTS* i _ n ____ L _ u _ ij _ irw^_
__ ___^___ ,_i_iii_ 'i|iiyiji>
JQ^> res SHk jrfjf^ra HBrWk STtTVVnf e^P^^WE *' ~ * vWy l|gMnKH Sg^r
" ,„ im 3-Fleca BEDROOM SUIT — Solid Oak. golden finish. %ii""""*~ V-^
¦• '¦ Dresser has serpentine top drawer, bevel tf*^5 fZf\ TaHs
MUSIC CABINET — plate mirror. Carving- of exceptionally high J)£«).JU MORRIS CHAIR— Solid
Mahogany finish. Can- order. Price ij-^Ll naV « ft |^n fimeh Rart ->A
opy top. Decorated with £» \ A@^Sfefcs&. U» 1 oak golden hnish. iJack ad-
bovol plate mirrors. Jk I <l!br^— T"^* 1 - «B 1 justable to four positions. Re-
Ample room for thf> av- H* * rRSEFI&ffliSIl """ . versible velour cush- fiT nQ
rfcy. • ?S2?! $925 down a week *««. p** $d.<d
CARPETS. * H=^^^P^__ DRAPERY DEPT.
¦ r\ - r~~~~* r»«~f Ic +V.« s »*t Filled with the best the market
Our Carpet Dept. is the 57 affords, at purse-pleasing prices,
acme of elegance. The floor Kg^^^^^gjo^^^HfeS We quote a few specials:
covering is the most important '^^^^^M ' JZfgJISL
part of the furnishing of the jj^^^^^^^^^^^Si frrade of material; well qa«
home, as it gives an air of re- W&S^^,^mM& m t de ' ricc : per pr
r . .¦ _, J8®&,£jBPI$?0^/-*2!eSBf Two-Toned Summer Curtains —
finement so necessary to com- Four design , to chof)Fe from FuI1
fort. We show hundreds of tiff - XkJ* size and width. Exceed- Qfif*
patterns of carefully selected §fr ingly artistic. Price, per pr.
designs. Mahy of them exclu- ffl B IM£t. a ft% 1 t; 1 SSrS5 T^toned'dl^^SsJ'G^
Sive. All we ask is to have tt n ove fln con S U« *ZS£Xi\ thai Kw! and Browns. Excellent grade of
,,.,, i^l W o cnr» nf vn.ir call and see the Keyal. We guarantee It to material. Several designs to
VOU lOOk. We are SUre OI yOUr be the most economical range on the mar- cnoose f rom Price t>| Af»
patronage. ket jpric« »i.oo down and $1.00 «¦ we**, each .' frl.UU
KSsfSI Sat M 4^3 *^ fl ESri cm w B *S4 mamSfwk Cu^d v &4£l