The Sunday Call Magazine"Jump in, Spencer, we're iMBt off,"
said Laura, standing aside for him. to
enter, but Immediately resuming her
place at the window. "I want to block
the view of that man in the cloak when
he reaches this carriage. Ah, we're
moving; he won't do it; 1 He has tailed
; off and is going back to the barrier."
And pulling up the window, she added
in French as she seated herself: "It is
'"all. safe now, madame; the. mouchard
hag beaten" a safe retreat."*'
; Then for the first time Fortescue per
v celved_ that ? the carriage had a fourth
occupant.; He had been too taken up
j with , Luura's strange proceedings to
1 look In that direction before, but now
he sawVthat at the 'far end, half con
cealed by. Lady > Metcalf's ample form
arid ' by, ai barricade of rugs and travel
ing -bags, a lady was sitting. As she
was. on the same side with himself, it
was not till she leaned forward to re
ply that he got a full view of her face,
and it required all his self-control to
stifle an exclamation. .
Their fellow traveler, whom Laura
. "If she wants to fascinate me, she
may as well think that she is succeed
ing," that rising diplomatist told him
self, as he began to : Join in the general
conversation that upon the ty
rannies of* the Russian .police system.
Too well schooled to be astonished for
long at this chance meeting, he was
thinking hard how best to take advan
tage of it, and he was glad indeed
that lima Vasslli had not confided the
name of her rival to Laura. Small
scope. would there be for subtlety if
his Impetuous . fiancee knew that the
daihtyjfigxire. in ;the costly furs was the
cause of Dubrowski's undoing.
-Naturally the talk ran for a while
on the Tsar's tour, more especially on
what the* English travelers had seen
of It at Breslau', and Fortescue was a
little afraid at ¦ first, of some indiscre
tion on Laura's part. And, though she
abstained— with what by an occasional
solemn wink at him she evidently
thought was a most praiseworthy cau
tion—from trenching on dangerous
ground, he changed the subject as soon
cupied, and Boris defiant; but th«r
were not in the same carriage.
An hour-later Fortescue and the Met
calfs were themselves en route, and,
travelling via Berlin, reached Paris at
noon next day. There, as previously
arranged, they took rooms at the Grand
for the night, Lady Metcalf enjoying a
well-earned rest at the hotel, while the
two young . people crammed as much
Paris as was possible into their after
noon and evening.
Wednesday morning broke wet and
stormy, and Lady Metcalf, who was a
"bad sailor," was more, than half, in
clined to remain in Paris another 'day.
Fortescue, however, knowing that In
spector Melton would meet the train at
Boulogne, persuaded her to start, under
the proviso that if the weather did not
moderate they could put up at-Bou
logne till the morrow.
They /ere early at the Rue de Dun
kerque, and Lady. Metcalf, with a
Scotswoman's antipathy to- extra pay
ments, disdaining a coupe, Fortescue
secured seats in a vacant first-class
carriage. Having done his best to pre
serve,their privacy by giving the guard
a liberal pour-bolre, he lert, the 1 ladies
while he went to exchange . greetings
with a Foreign Office colleague whom
he had seen in a carriage farther up
the train. Here he stood chatting till
the starting bell., warned him .that it
was time to hurry back to his own seat.
On approaching the compartment he
was surprised to see, Laura with her
head and shoulders out of the window,
not looking in his direction, but toward
the barrier, where a shabby little man
in a frayed cloak was parleying 1 with a
railway official. Just as Fortefcue
reached the compartment the little man
was permitted to pass on to the plat
form, and, running to the train, began
to peer into the carriages.
may ask of you a small favor, roon-
Bieur," she said. "Here I have written
a telegram which I desire to dispatch
to a business correspondent at Copen
hagen. Would you be so good as to
send It off for me from the office at
Amiens station? That wretched mou
chard at Paris has made me nervous
about showing myself on the platform.
He might have boarded the train at the
last moment."
Fortescue assented with the utmost
politeness, and she handed him the pa
per, with a sufficient sum to pay the
charges. As soon as the train stopped
he alighted, but she called him back.
"You know Russian, monsieur?" she
said. "Ah, then I should explain," she
proceeded in reply to his negative. "I
have written the address in French,
but, in case they ask you, the body. of
the telegram is in Russian. That is all,
monsieur— au revoir, quickly."
Not till he was In the office and out of
sight of the train did he show any In
terest in the draft of the telegram, but
then his first 'glance at It evoked a low
whistle.
"To know Russian is rather a large
order, and I spoke with perfect truth
when I denied the soft impeachment,"
he muttered. "But I know' enough
about it to know that this is not Rus
sian at all."
> The qddress was "A. M. Serjov, Poste
Restante, Copenhagen," but the body
of the telegram bore no resemblance to
any European language, • and It re
quired but little Insight on Fortescue's
part to perceive that It was a cipher.
It was quite short,, and as there was a
twenty' minutes' wait at Amiens he had
plenty, of time to copy the original on
to a form, instead of handing it to the
clerk, with a tip for making the tran
script, as he had intended.
"I wonder what felony I am abet
ting," he thought, as he. placed the or
iginal in his pocket-book after handing
in the form. "I could hardly have
«^T RED anger-spot glowed on
f I each cheek, and a gloomy scowl
( I contracted Boris' brow as he
X came out of the postoffice. ¦ So
obvious was the alteration in him that
lima eald—
"I hope you have not had bad
news?"
"Yes, If to learn that I have been
made a fool of through meddling In
terference Is bad news." he blurted
rudely, glaring: at Laura so pointedly
that 6he could not mistake his mean
ing any more than she would refuse
his challenge. "Poor lima! So he's a
bounder after all." she thoujht, but
aloud she said —
"You have perhaps heard, mon
sieur, that Colonel Delaval was. after
all, a perfect gentleman — an equal of
your own?"
"I have heard that he was accred
ited to me by— by a friend to whom
his dismissal In that way Is .a gTOSs In
sult," retorted Dubrowski roughly.
"This letter, which is from one of the
highest of the Russian nobility.
vouches for him and asks me to do all
in my power for him should he apply
to me in Breslau. Your friend is well
nigh as suspicious as yourself, lima."
He w?_s rapidly losing control of
himself, and in shame and sorrow li
ma tried to draw Laura Metcalf away.
But the English girl's temper was
roused. Knowing what she did. she
was not going to brook open Insult
from one for whom she had risked so
much, on the score of a dyni^nitard's
"res j-ectabi lily."
"Allow me to tell you then, mon
sieur, that the sooner you give your
noble friends name to the police the
better," she rejoined. "We — my
friends and I— were not going to men
tion it, for Ilma's sakfe, but now you
had better be informed that your
friend's American friend,* before he was
lurried out, placed an infernal machine
in the chimney of his bedroom. That
rocm backed on to the Tsar's apart
ments."
lima uttered a low cry, and laid her
hand beseechingly on Laura's arm.
'"Heed him not. dear, he Is not him
self." ehe pleaded. "I have tried so
hard to save him, but he will not let
me. If this were known and could be
proved, as I quite believe, It would
mean death or exile."
Laura gulped down her wrath, and
relapsed into English.
"I shan't Fplit, you poor darling," she
replied. "After the fuss I had to get
the thing safely out of the house I
couldn't stand any nonsense about De
laval, but it shall never go beyond us
three — and two good friends of mine."
She reckoned without Dubrowskl,
however. The aspersion on the writer
of the letter had fanned his passion to
a white heat, and he was evidently
about to repeat hie insults direct when
he saw a chance of varying his method.
They had sapped In an open space
where three streets met under a group
of trees, and at that moment he caught
sight of Volborth crossing the road to
ward them, arm in arm with Fortes
cue. He did not know the latter, but
his rage had vanquished good breeding.
"Here, Paul!" he cried excitedly.
"You .write romances. Here's an En
glish ycrjns lady with an imaginative
mind who should furnish you with good
material. She has found a beautiful
mare's nest about an American who,
after getting Into the house next the
Etadthaus. left an Infernal machine
aga.ir.st the wall of his Majesty's apart
ments. This desperate criminal bore an
introduction to myself, mind you.
How's that for a likely tale?"
There was little fear of Laura recog
nizing the fussy German of the previ
ous night In the polished gentleman
•who mildly replied:
"It would be a pleasure to work out
such a reailstic plot. Who knows but
I may try some day? But seriously, my
dear Boris, this is not a tale, whatever
its foundation, that you should shout
from the housetops. You. ought to
know o-ur Russian methods better. • It
would not be pleasant for you If a
breath of this disturbed the keen nos
trils of the section."
"See to Mademoiselle Vassili!" cried
Forte6cue, springing .forward Just in
time to save lima from falling. She
was quietly fainting against the circu
lar fence that protected one of the
municipal trees. .
CHAPTER VII
THE CIPHER CODE.
Late that night of Saturday, the 6th
cf September, Spencer Fortescue was
sitting in his room at the hotel, en
gaged upon a despatch to the Foreign
Office, when a letter was brought to
him. The bearer was a silent individu
al, who insisted on delivering the mis
sive In person, and bowed, himself out
directly his errand was discharged; but
a glance at the calligraphy was suffi
cient to reveal the writer. The neat
characters recalled the days when Vol
borth had piled his English co-operator
v.Ith many of the same sample at Bel
grade.
The letter was as follows
"DEAR FORTESCUE: Understanding
that you flro to escort Lady and Miss
Metcalf to England via Boulogne, start
ing lK-noe on Monday. I am going to ask
a service from you. Melton, the English
police officer, writes me that he is at
Boulogne shadowing Delaval, against
whom, however, be has nothing definite
Just that— neither more nor Jesf.
"Russians don't have friends— among
Russians— or it is a case where, say in
England, could this be possible there, a
word fn season frqm an older man
might have clapped the brake on long
ago," the young attache had said to
himself while trying to make allow
ances. ,
So It was that, as a man of honor,
he could not instantly decide to under
take the commission at Boulogne. It.
was necessary first to be quite certain
that it in no degree Infringed his prom
ise to Laura, and after due delibera
tion he concluded that It did not. . Vol
borth already knew all there ' was to
know of the use of Dubrowski's name
by Delaval, and the conveying of the
message to the English detective could
neither benefit nor injure the object of
his and Laura's solicitude. Before
going to bed he wrote a note assenting
to Volborth's request. . '
The same silent messenger called In
the morning for his reply, and returned'
shortly with a photograph of Olga Pa
litzin, the one word "Thanks". .being
scrawled on the flan of the envelope.
That day being Sunday,- there were no
public functions, and Fortescue . spent
the greater part of it with the Met
calfs, seeing nothing of Volborth till,
the Monday morning, when he caught
a glimpse of him In one of the carriages
cc.-nveying the departing Russian yisi-;
tors to the station. The agent of the
section appeared to have no deeper de- ;
sign on hand than the amusement of
Countess Vasslli, whose shaking shoul
ders testified to the success of bis ef
forts, lima looked grave and pre^c-
had befriended In some way which he
had yet tp learn, was the undoubted
original of the photograph given him
by Volborth as that of the arch-nlhil
lst.'Olga Palltzln.
'"I felt sure, mademoiselle, that you
were English, and therefore that "I
should not appeal to you in vain," said
the stranger in soft, melodious tones.
"The man In the cloak did not board
th« train, you 'say, or approach this
carriage? Ah. well, then I owe you as
many thanks for the Intention as I
should have tendered for the actual
service."
"One of Laura's quixotics escapades,
though on this occasion I think it was
really called for," explained Lady Met
calf, on whom the title "Princess" had
made impression.
"It was like this," interrupted Laura,
"The Princess came to the door, and,
after Introducing herself, begged us to
take her In, as she was being dogged
by a spy of the. Russian police.. Just
think of it! For no earthly reason but
' that she left St. Petersburg In a hurry
to visit M. Worth in Paris! It is really
too abominable, and If I catch any. of
those Third Section sneaks prowling
about Blairgeldle when the Tsar is at
Balmoral I'll put our gillies on to
them." And turning to her protege.
Laura translated her threat Into
French, evoking thereby a fresh meed
of thanks and a whole battery of
smiles, some of which overflowed and
Cook in Fortescue.
THIS is the third install
ment of "By a Hairs
Umultli/' Headon Hill's
"remarkable novel about the
Czar and the dreaded "Third
Section," which will be com
pleted next Sunday. Because
of its peculiar, timely in
terest, as well as for the
thrill and swing of the story
itself, this book has already
created a sensation. It will
be followed immediately by
"The Fugitive," another
$1 50 novel for 20 cents, of
which you will hear much
more in detail next Sunday.
*t present, except that he has been seen
in the' company of certain notorious
Irish-American desperadoes. . Now I
want Melton to be apprised of Delaval's
portmanteau attempt, but I want It done
unofilcially. and by word of mouth, my
reason being that, if I notify him in
writing or by telegram, he will be-bound
by your red-tape system to report the
matter to his superiors at Scotland Yard.
This, as you may be unwilling to con
fess, but probably know, would result, in
noisy excursions and alarums, and in the
ultimate escape of the highly placed
criminals whom I must run to ground.
Will you, old comrade. see Melton at
Boulogne, tell him what was discovered
after he left, and explain why I commu
nicate in this way? It is necessary that
Delaval should not be lost sight of. as
sooner or later he Is sure to lead us. to
the Princess P — , of whom our foreign
agents have no certain trace. My be
lief is that she is in Boulogne, and that
Delaval, having failed on the first occa
sion to gain access at Von Llndberg's.
went back to her for Instructions, when
she gave him Dubrowskl's name to con
jure with." At the name time she proba
bly posted the letter to Dubrowski which
caused the upset to-day.
"I have managed to stop Dubrowski's
insane cackle about the Dolaval incident
by showing him that, whether Miss Met
calf 3 assertion is true or false, not only
would It be awkward for him, but that
It would subject the writer of the letter
introducing Delaval to a police inquiry.
His infatuation for the Princess will. I
doubt not, keep him quiet, but he per
sists in believing: that Miss Metcalf in
vented the story at the instigation of
Mile. Vassili. Poor fool! He will sing
to a different tune when, at the close of
these proceedings, 'Herr Winded' reap
pears to sustain the allegation of your
charming fiancee.
"Mile. Vassili is recovering from the
shock of hearing the dear Boris furnish
m* with what he rightly described as
'excellent material.' The unfortunate
girl, for whom I have a sincere pity,
would be fainting still if she knew that
be was telling me what your delightful
Miss Laura would call a 'chestnut.' Hpr
Majesty, the Empress, has commanded
her to rest within doors | till we leave
Breslau", *o that the two friends will not
meet again here, which is, I think, as
well.
"One word more, and this also you
may pass on to Melton. I have arranged
with the Austrian police authorities to
connive at the escape of Anna Tchigorin,
and by now she should be at large. My
reason for taking what may appear an
overbold step you will appreciate. Sh«*
is fairly certain to make with nil speed
for the rendezvous where that queen
wasp the Princess is at work, and fail
ing- a clew through Delaval I thought it
well to provide a se"cond. Anna will be
followed by two of our best men from
the moment of her leaving jail at Vi
enna.
"I think'that that is all. my dear For
tescue — except to assure you tliat If you
do not care about doing: my little com
mission at Boulogne, your refusal will
place no strain on our mutual relations.
I shall know that you refus» for good
reason. The same man who brings this
will call for your reply to-morrow, ac I
do not think we should be seen together
again here. The enemy may yet have
eyes in Bresliu. and they miffht see
enough in our meetings to lead to com
plications. If your reply is an affirma
tive, I shall send you a photograph of
the Princess Palitrin, in case you should
chance upon her; I shall also vrlre to
Melton to meet you on Rrrival at Biu
logpe. We start on Monday, via Gorlitz
and Kiel, for Copenhagen. Communici
tlons to me.Bt the latter place should be
addressed care of, the Chief of Police.
Yours. ; ' V. ¦
Fortescue threw himself back in his,
chair to consider. He would have as*
eented to Volborth's request at once
but for one thing. He had dined that
evening at the Bareness von Ltnd
berg's, and Laura Metcalf had taken
the earliest opportunity of drawing
him aside.
"Spencer, who is that man, Paul Vol
borth, with whom you were walking
when you met us?" she asked.
He guessed what had happened, but
he merely said—
"An old friend of mine — an official
friend, so to speak. He is attached to
the Tsar's suite to chronicle the events
of the tour, he tells me."
"Don't you believe him, then," Laura
replied hotly. "He's a spy of the Rus
sian police— at least lima says so, and
she ought to know. See what she has
written me."
She handed him a note which had
been brought round from the Stadt
haus late in the afternoon. In it lima
endeavored to explain her sudden faint
ing fit, an'd in doing so hinted plainly,
but without mentioning names, at the
cause of the estrangement between her
self and Boris- She even confided her
suspicions of the terrible use that was
being made of her faithless lover, her
object being to warn Laura against
the Monsieur Volborth, with whom she
was distressed to see that Mr. Fortes
cue was on terms of acquaintance.
The letter wound up with a pathetic
appeal to her "dear English friend" to
throw every obstacle in Volbgrth's way,
and to persuade her lover- to do the
same, in the event of one whom she be
lieved to be aq agent of the Third Sec
tion using the weapon which Boris had
rashly placed in his hand. She wan
feeling better, lima said, but she would
not be able to see Laura again till they
met in Scotland, when she hoped that
her warning about Volborth would be
more than ever observed. She pledged
herself to watch Boris unceasingly lest
harm should come to their Majesties
through his folly, and her loyalty might
be depended on to sacrifice him If ne
cessary. But though all was over be
tween them she was bent on saving
him from the terrible punishment that
she feared he had incurred already, if
the Third Section could pet proofs.
"That Volborth must be an awful
wretch," Laura had said on his re
turning the letter. "I cannot under
stand the principle on which you choose
your friends— to know a horrid sneak
of a Epy, and at the same time to be
chums with a nice old party like Herr
WInckel."
"Volborth has been useful to me in
my work," had been Fortescue*s eva
sive reply.
"Well, you must promise me faith
fully not to be useful, to him in his— so
far as it. means- hounding down Cap
tain Dubrowski," Laura had urged. "I
don't despair of bringing those two to
gether again if I get a fair chance in
Scotland. You wouldn't like to think
that good old WInckel and I had
pranced about at midnight with a lot
of dynamite only to have our trouble
for nothing, would you?",- >
Fortescue had at once given the as
surance that he would not assist Vol
borth to Dubrowskl's detriment. Not
only was he unable to resist the plead
ing of the brave young face upturned
to his, but Laura's request was In ac
cord with his own feelings. Unmanner
ly cub and faithless lover as Du
browski had Bhown himself, Fortescue
had a truly English horror of taking a
mean advantage, and Volbortb's policy
toward the Junior aide de camp seemed
as he could. The Princess, who had
shown no particular interest in the
Journeylngs ( of her sovereign, seemed
much more eager! tol discuss French
art and artists, and was sparkling,
caustic, and coquettish by terns. So
far. In all probability, she had a genu
ine gratitude to, and a real desire to
please, the English party who had be- |
friended her.
And all the time, while chatting
gayly, Fortescue was thinking,, think
ing, till, with his mind made up, he
commenced his campaign. There was a
break in the conversation as the train
rattled through the station of St. Just,
and Laura, who had quite appreciated
his motive. In avoiding Breslau topics,
was never 'more surprised In her life
than when he harked back. t to the
pageants in the Silesian capital. But a
still greater shock was in store for her.
"The German visit would go down to
history as a pomplete success, but for
one regrettable , discovery which rumor
couples with it," he said at length.
"Yes? And that was?" murmured the
Princess sweetly. ,
"That an officer of the imperial staff
was suspected of giving information
and assistance to nihilist conspira
tors," was the reply which called into
play all Laura's superb, faith in her
lover to keep her from shouting at him.
As.lt was, she tried to touch his foot
with hers; but, avoiding her eye, For
tescue continued to address the Prin
cess, who was regarding him fixedly.
"It was only a rumor, so far as I could
ascertain." he went on, "but there's
usually flre of some sort at the bottom
.of suoh ugly smoke as that."
\ There was a distinct pause, and he
noticed that the Princess was tapping
the floor of the carriage with her boot
heel. Beyond that she yielded no sign
of being moved, and when she spoke
again It was in her singularly even
tones. ' .,- . i,
"I am acquainted with several offi
cers of the staff. What was the sus
pect's name*" she asked.
"Ah, of that I cannot Inform you."
replied Fortescue. "His name has not
yet been given to the public."
Laura breathed freely again.
"That was a diplomatist's answer,"
she thought. "Spencer must be play
ing a game when he takes the trouble
to wrap up a lie in tiuth like that."
"And does the rumor Include the offi
cer's arrest?" pursued the Princess, her
manner betokening that she was al
ready wearying of the subject.
"I heard nothing of an arrest, and af
ter all the whole thing may be only
the idle gossip, of the hotel lobbies,"
Fortescue replied, leaving Laura more
mystified than ever, and the Princess
completely apathetic. She remained si
lent for a few minutes, watching the
fleeting landscape, and then engaged
Lady Metcalf Irs a discussion of the
cuisine at the Grand, which lasted till
a glimpse of Boves station presaged
that they were within a quarter of an
hour of Amiens. .
Then she leaned back in her seat, and
producing a sheet of note paper from
the Inner pocket of her fur pelisse, be
gan to write slowly and thoughtfully
upon it with a miniature gold pencil
case. By the time she had finished, the
express was slowing down for its first
and only stop at Amiens, and she
looked across at Forteacue, who, with
frivolous talk, was seconding Laura's
gallant efforts to appear unconcerned.
The attache's supreme hope was that
the Princess was taking them for a
party of thick-headed tourists, and the
request that she had to prefer reas
sured him on that head.
"You have been so kind to me, you
dear English, tkat I am assured that. I
withheld it, though. That would have
scared the birds before Volborth has
had time to lime the twig."
On his return to the compartment the
Princess expressed her gratitude cour
teously, but as one who has the right
to command favors, and straightway
dismissed the incident to resume her
conversation with Laura. This had
drifted to a dissertation by the heiress
of Blairgeldle on the proper way to
conduct a grouse drive— a subject In
which the" Princess showed an Interest
altogether unaccountable, till she ex
plained that she was eager to know
how her beloved sovereign the Tsar
would be amu3ins himself In Scotland.
"Oh., well, you mustn't take my de
scription as applying to a swell like
him," Laura said. "He'll be sure to
have a man at hte back ready with a
camp stool, another with a brandy
flask, and half a dozen loaders with
spare guns. I expect he'll go to work
much the same as the South African
millionaires who have taken to renting
moors— a lot of fuss, and nothing to
show for It but empty cartridge cases."
"Laura!" exclaimed Lady Metcalf
loftily. "You forget that you are
speaking disrespectfully of the Princess
Palitzln's- Emperor."
But the Princess only smiled sweetly
and pressed her inquiries so persistent
ly that Forescue, while freely prof
fering Information, promised himself
that the selection of the Tsar's loaders
should receive special attention. The
talk ran on sport, chiefly Scottish, till
the train reached the town station at
Boulogne, when a point on which For
tescue had been curious was cleared
up. The Princess was not goinjr to
cross the channel. Gathering her furs
around her and taking her sealskin
handbag, she bade farewell to "her
kind English friends'* and left th*
train.
Ten minutes later the train steamed
on to the landin*-ita«e, and before It
came to a standstill Ledy Metcalf de
clared that nothing should Indue* her
to go on board the boat. Torrents o*
rain were falling, and a wild sou'
wester had raised a sea outside the
harbor that was more than a good ex
cuse for a professed bad sailor. They
would go to a hotel, sh« said, and wait
till the sea was smooth.
Fortescue was giving the lnstruottens
made necessary by the change of plans
to a baggage inspector, when soxn* •«•
at his elbow said —
"You are not crossing, then, after all,
sir?"
Turning, he saw Melton, the detse
tive. for whom he had hitherto looked
In vain.
"No, and so there is no hurry." he re
plied. "I must take two ladles with
whom I am traveling to the Hotel de
l'Europe, and then I shall be at your
service. Will you come to the hotel?"
"I will be there almost as soon as you
are." said Melton, falling back to scru
tinize the few passengers who were
about to brave the fury of the storm.
So it was that a little later, while
Lady Metcalf and Laura were being
shown to their apartments, Fortescue
waited In the hall of the hotel for In
spector Melton. The latter was as
good as his word, and came in almost
Immediately, shaking the water from
his streaming mackintosh.
"Now, Mr. Fortescue, here is a quiet
corner," he said. "I am burning to
hear this bit of nfrs which our friend
Volborth wouldn't write or wire." j_
Confining himself to the actual disf
covery of the infernal machine. For
tescue delivered his message In as few
words as possible. There was no need,
nor had Volborth requested him, to
mention the undercurrents of the plot—
the Dubrowski-Palitzln Intrigue and
Ilma's relations with her lover— but it
seemed that there- was quite sufficient
In his communication to make the
Scotland Yard officer first look grave
and then angry*
"Confound the tortuous ways of
these Russians!" exclaimed Melton.
"Why on earth couldn't Volborth, who
personally Is one of the best, do the
straight thing and send on this nawi
before It was too late?"
"Too late!" It was Fortescue'* turn
to exclaim. "Do you mean that Dela
val has given you the slip?"
"Not quite so bad as that. I let him
go myself— for value received, as I
thought, in the way of Information.
And now by the light of what you
have told me It is on the cards that the
Information will turn out to be worth
less.and that all I shall hav» to show
for the beggar will be the key to a ci
pher code which is of no use to me.**
"You have his cipher key? Coma,
Mr. Melton, that is good work any
how," said . Fortescue cheerily. "X am
not flat enough to try to pump you.
but I should listen with Interest to
anything you might feel Justified In
telling me. What do you say to some
lunch In the restaurant?"
CHAPTER VIII.
THE HOUSE IN THE RUE ST. POL.
The inspector having accepted the
Invitation, Fortescue ran up to Lady
Metcalf's apartments and excused
himself from lunching in the private
sitting-room which she had ordered.
His plea of having met a friend suf
ficed for the elder lady, but Laura, fol
lowed him out to the landing.
"I* hope you haven't met another
questionable friend like that M. Vol
borth," she said. "But seriously.
Spencer. I could not understand you in
the train. I was afraid you wero go
ing to v give Captain Dubrowskl away
to the Princess."
"If I went by the favorable Impres
sion she has made 'on yon. little girl,
there ¦wouldn't bo much harm In that,"
Fortescue replied tentatively.
"She hasn!t made any particular Im
pression on me except that she is a bit
of a cat." returned Laura spitefully.
"I befriended her as I would any one
who was being bullied by those beasts
of Russian police spies, but I wasn't
best pleased with the way she took to
ogling: you. sir." Then with a quick
change of manner came the question,
"You had some deep motive In telling
her about the suspected implication of
a staff officer?"
"Yes, I had a motive." said Fortescue
gravely, "one which I believe those
sharp wits of yours have guessed al
ready. I had a reason for thinking
that through this Princess Olga Palit
zln—no matter how— the news would
be conveyed to Ilma's rival that Du
browskl is under suspicion. You see
the effect? The unseen charmer, who
has the young cub In her tolls, will, if
I am correct, cease to use him as a
medium in the dangerous movement of
which the Russian police have wind."
"You will certainly have the Paris
embassy some day If you go on like
this." was the complimentary reply.
"I thought you were playing a game,
but that was a stroke of genius. How
delighted lima will be!"
"I must run away before you turn
my head with flattery. Besides* I am
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY - CALE.
2
BY A HAIR'S BREADTHdraft of the telegram which I foollshjy
confl Jed to you. It is useless to deny
that you had the code. I saw the man
Melton'hand It to you, and I saw you
compare It with the telegram." .
No one knew better than Fortescue
that 1 o was In danger of liis life, for
after; this they would not dare to let
him go, but at that moment his upper
most feeling was one of irritation with
himself at the false step he had made
In | not allowing for a recognition of
Melton by one or other of the conspira
tors. Or.lt. might be — he hoped It was
so— that Melton had been recognized
from Delaval's description, and that
the nature of the document handed to
him ¦ had been an after-conclusion.
Either way. the situation was the same,
and had to be faced.
"I have not the code or the telegram
with me," he replied, feeling his pistol
with - the hand which he had kept In
his pocket. J- second later the weapon
was out and leveled straight at the
beautiful head of the Princess, as in
response to her signal half a dozen men
filled the doorway. They were veno
mous-Iooklng ruffians of the continen
tal j anarchist . type, /and held knives In
their hands.
"Keep your ruffians back or you are
a dead woman!" "cried Fortescue.
"Hands on the table, Delaval, If you
don't want your leader shot!" he added,
as the Irish-Aitfeiican began to fumble
at his : hip. "Now see here," he went
on, speaking in Fretich so that those
at the doo'r might understand, * "It is
very probable that all you. people will
succeed in killing me, but on one point
I ani quite decided. At the first move
ment toward that amiable Intention —
at the lifting of a finger— I send a bul
let-into the Princess." / .
If he had been lax in taking care of
himself at the outset, his promptness
now -had him, temporarily at
least, master of the situation. With
that shining barrel . threatening the
most Important life in the room he had
got- the whole gang "bal!;d up." The
bearded veteran was gibbering like an
ape; and Delaval muttering oaths. Ol
ga Palitzin alone preserved her calm.
y : "You are a brave and a capable man,
Mr.* Fortesctue," , she ; said,' "too brave
and cleyerTto go hence alive. I regret
it on some grounds, but I must employ
other means to put an 'end to this
deadlock.", And raisins her voice, but
"Really, Princess Palltzin, I don't un
derstand the tone or the drift i of your
"TLat may be," she replied, "I only
cite it as an instance of want of
f riendlinessv I presume that Colonel
Delaval also has ' to thank your party
for interfering with, certain- property
left by him at the Baroness von Ling
berg's?" '
further need for concealment ba*s*e
him. There -was a further deduction
from that ominous inference which he
tried to put from him. -
"Is it the same?" asked the Princess,
in her even, expressionless tone.
"It is the same," Delaval replied, re
garding Fortescue with an ugly sneer.
"Pray be seated," said the Princess,
acknowledging her visitor for the first
time, and pointing to a chair facing her
from the other end of the table.
"There are one or two, questions I
would ask of you, and after that— yes,
after that I think we shall have fin
ished with him, eh, gentlemen?"
In response the Irish- American
emitted an unpleasant grating chuckle,
and the gray beard nodded his head
thrice, his cavernous eyes glowing
fiercer than ever. Fortescua was pro
ceeding to seat himself with , as great
an assumption of careless ease as he
could muster when stealthy footfalls —
not of one man, but of several — in the
passage caused him to move the chair
so that he could see the door as well as
his Interviewers. Every sense In j his
body was on the alert, and he did not
'mean to be taken In the rear.
"Two things, Mr. Fortescue. have
combined to put a new, complexion. on
our relations since this morning," be
gan the Princess. "In the first place,
have since met my friend Colonel De
laval here, and he has told me some In
teresting facts about my I kind fellow
travlers from Paris. ..-That they or
some of them deprived him of the hos
pitality of the Baroness von Lindbprg
at Breslau, for instance."
All this candor had a nasty signifi
cance for Fortescue,' but he v answered
coolly enough: •;
"The reason for that was sufficiently
explained to Colonel Delaval at j| the
time. He ; readily acquiesced in It I
do not imagine that ha was seriously
inconvenienced in having to leave that
house ' Just t then." '
The Princess waved her hand impa
tiently. - f . ¦ ¦'.'''.
So he reflected as the cab began to
ciimb the steep streets of the old town,
and he knew that he must Jae nearing
his destination. The garish lights of
shops and hotels— the noisy watering
place racket— had long since been left
behind, and they were threading a net
work of narrow, Ill-lighted thorough
fares, curiously quiet by contrast, in
which the dark old houses had an air
of shy retirement. Fortescue was
more at home in capitals than pleasure
resorts, but he remembered hearing
that the Rue St. Pol bore a none too
savory reputation.
Suddenly the cab drew up at a house
which, but for a glimmer In the fan
light over the door, might well .have
been vacant, so dark were Its windows
and uncared for Its approach. For
tescue, who knew the exterior of the
Palitzin palace on the Great Morskala
at Petersburg, felt Instinctively for his
pistol. That the owner of that splendid
pile should be domiciled in this dingy
abode struck home to him. the possi
bilities he might find on the other side
of the threshold.
Bidding the driver wait, ha mounted
the moldy steps and tugged at an old
fashioned Iron bell-pull, which caused
a long-continued clangor far away.* in
some distant basement. But, ; as evi-.
denchig that a janitor was ready and
waiting, the door was swiftly and si-,
lently opened almost as soon as the bell
began to ring, and an • under-sized,
shock-headed man whom he had never
seen before confronted him. No words
passed. The doorkeeper, who ; must
have been furnished with a description
of the expected visitor, looked him up
seir on oeing a prosaic person,, he
laughed at himself accordingly. From
that, as the cab rattled,over the cobbles
away fpom the smells of the waterside
toward the Haute Ville, he fell to anal
yzing the motives which had induced
him to plunge into an affair that made
the possession of a pistol seem desir
able.,
"Laura's enthusiasm and a feeling
that that poor beggar Dubrowski was
being treated unfairly started me. And
now, having, I trust, relieved him at
Volborth's expense, I am smitten with
a desire to furnish the astute Paul
with a quid pro quo In the way of In
formation. - And — yes, I have a taste
for this sort of thing. It is good train-
Ing."
A ' moment later, when the front
door snapped behind her, she found
herself in the narrow hall, with a
group of forbidding looking men clua~
tered round a doorway. They parted
right and left for her to enter, which
she did without hesitation, and then
they closed up In solid phalanx In the
rear, as tha tableau of her lover with
his pistol aimed at the head of tha
Princess was revealed. Fortescue, out
of the corner of the eye which he was
keeping on the door, saw with a, thrill
of. horror what had happened, and It
was nearly" his undoing. Delaval's
hand began to fumble again. That
braced Fortescue and he steadied hla
pistol. Olga was the first to. speak:
"You have brought the papers. Miss
Metcalf?"
Laura laughed in her most engag
ingly impudent manner. "W«a It
"Show him up Instantly," sne said,
tossing the book aside, and a minute
later she was trying to understand the
bad French of an under-sized man
with a shock head of hair topping a
most forbidding countenance.
"The monsieur wants me to bring
him the ¦ papers? Is that what you
mean 7 " she said, eying him sharply.
"What papers?"
This was a poser which It seemed
could bnly be met by inarticulate gurg
lings.
"Where is Mr. Fortescue — in the
Rue St. Pol?" Laura asked quickly. It
was not like her "sucking ambassador"
to set her such a task at that time of
night, and she became conscious of a
vague uneasiness about him, which
was not lessened by the evil smile with
which the man replied In the affirma
tive.
"Very well, then, I will come," sha
said. "You - have a cab? Good! Go
downstairs; I will follow immediately."
Running to her room for a cloak and
hat she was down in the hall at his
heels, and entered the cab, which, by
the way, was not the one which had
brought the messenger. Throughout
the drive she did not speak, not be
cause she was in the least afraid of
her unkempt companion, but out of an
Innate aversion for . him. The man
smelt of drink and some vile com
pound of tobacco. Only when they
drew up at the door she asked, not lik
ing the look of the house:
"The Princess Palitzin is here?"
"But how is he behaving?" persisted
Laura, feelinsr that if it would mend
matters she would like to take tha
young guardsman by the scuff of his
peck and bring him back to his allegi
ance. "Is he any — "
"How beautiful is that silver mist
.resting on the purple mountain," said
lima suddenly, as Fortescue, having
put the table to rights, came forward
to join the two girls. His face wora
Its usual expression of good-humored
alertness, but somehow he did not look
very well. There were blue circles un
der his eyes, and his cheeks had fallen
In a little— for good reason, of which
more presently.
Now Uma's Instantly perceived In
tention to change the subject at For
tescue's approach, by Its Implied want
of confidence, came as a sharp littla
heart-stab to honest Laura, and sha
determined to put that matter right
once for all. So far, by mutual agree
ment, she and her lover had kept their
perilous adventure at Boulogne to
themselves, and, as a natural conse
quence, the events that led to it, th«
only exception being Volborth, to
whom Fortescue had forwarded a full
report to Copenhagen. But it had beta
thought safer in Ilma's own interest to
write nothing of what happened to her.
and she was therefore ignorant of
what had been done to divert Dubrow
skl's peril.
So, when Fortescue came up, Lanr»
said: "lima has been telling ma thai
nothing Jumpy happened at Copen
hagen, and I think she ought to kno-r
to whom that is due." And turning t«
lima she added: "Do you know, dea*,
that by an extraordinary chanca w«
met the Princess Palitzin in tha train.
and this astute young man played hay
so diplomatically that I doubt If sha*4
be seen In the same street with Captain
Dubrowski. Established a funk, yva
know." ' And Laura proceeded to de
scribe how Fortescue had Imparted to
the arch-Nlhlllst the rumor of a stall
officer of the Tsar being under sus
picion. There she stopped short, leav
ing It to her lover. If he chose, to nar
rate the scene in the Rue St. Pol.
But the Immediate effect was for tha
moment to Increase Ilma's alarm. Sha
knew that she had not mentioned Olga
Palltzin by name In her letter to Laura,
and the litter's identification of her
fellow-passenger with her own un
named rival could only have one sig
nificance—that Fortescue was deep in
the counsels of Volborth, and was to be
proportionately mistrusted.
The look which she cast at her
friend's lover was In truth a mute ap
peal to remove her doubts of him.
"That Was indeed most generous,
most skillful — If only,** she was begin
ning when Fortescoe, who, with quick
Intuition, had divined the cause of her
fear, cut her short.
"In plain English. If only I did It In
your service, and not In that of tha
Russian secret police," he said genially.
"One moment. Mademoiselle Vassill. "
he went on, as lima raised her hand in
protest at having been read so literally,
"I am glad of an opportunity of making
this quite clear. My first object in all
that I have done in this matter baa
been to help you, as Laura's friend, to
the attainment of your purpose— tha
relief of Captain Dubrowski from far
ther Implication and suspicion. My sec
ond object has been to help my own
old friend, Paul Volborth, to tha at
tainment of bis purpose, but always la
The Russian maid-of-honor stretched
out her shapely hand, and fondled her
British friend's brc-wn paw. lima, had
been driven over from Balmoral that
morning, and arriving only half an
hour before, when the billiard-room
•was filled with Sir James Metcairs
other quests, found now her first oppor
tunity for confidences.
"There is very little to tell, and I
suppose I ought to call It good news,"
replied lima with a faint sigh. "That
is to say, nothing suspicious happened
at Copenhagen, and I do not think
that M. Volborth pays so much atten
tion to Boris as formerly."
"And Captain Dubrowski hlmselS— •
does he show signs of coming to his
senses?" pursued Laura eagerly.
"If you ask whether we "are any
nearer making up, I would answer that
there is not the most remote chance of
that." said lima decidedly. "It does
not now any longer depend upon
Boris," she continued, with a brighten
ing of the proud eyes. "I could not
marry a man who has forfeited all
claim to my respect — even should he do
me the honor to change his mind again.
All that I hope for— for old love's saka
—Is that he may not suffer for his
rashness."
"Play Whltechapel and pocket th»
white Wallop! That's done It. Game!"
cried Laura Metcalf. And replacing
her In the rack she Joined lima Vasslll.
who, from a low chair at one of the
open French windows of the Blalrgel
die bllllard-room, was gazing out over
the velvet lawn with its fringe ot
birch trees toward the distant heights
of Lochnagar. Spencer Fortescue, tha
victorious player, remained to brush
the table and put away the balls.
"Yo« dear thing, it is good to havs
you here, and awfully good of th»
Tsarina to let you come." said Laura,
perching herself en the end of the set
tee. "Spencer and I are simply dying
to know how things have been going."
THE PUNCTURED TIRE.
CHAPTER IX.
"Retire all, and rendezvous at Center
B!" said Olga. rising with a nervous
look at the revolver which never wav
ered from her head. And ten seconds
later, save for Laura and Fortescne.
with his pistol still pointing at the
door whither his aim had followed tha
exit of the Princess, the room was
empty. Somewhere at the back a door
banged, and all was silent.
"Efface yourselves— If you have tha
means," she cried In French. "I hava
come to you straight from prison, and
only here— at the door— I find that I
am followed! The spies of the section
are outside. Our future movements
will be traced."
The three heads at the table bent low
together in conclave, and Laura moved
to Fortescue's side.
"Leave it to me, darling,** h« mur
mured.
"I'm going to. You appear to have
gpt the drop on her, as the Yankees
say," was the reply.
And then suddenly, while the whis
pered conference was still In progress,
an Interruption occurred. Tha front
door snappe^, there was a stir among
the rascals at the room door, and a
handsome, wild-eyed woman pushed
through them. Murmurs of "Anna-
Anna Tchigorin!" arose. •
irkelyr* sh* said. "I wanted to seo
what was up first, and it seems aa well
that I took that precaution. Ar© you
the person who made the mesa between
lima Vasslll and Captain Dubrowski?
If so you'd better let her have it.
Spencer, and end this tomfoolery." {
Laura having Intimated that she
should not go to bed till he returned,
went back to her mother, and Fortescue
sought his own room to retch an ver
coat, for the night was chilly. Having
made the addition to his attire,-he was
about to leave when an after-thought
struck him. He opened his Gladstone
bag/and extracted a small \ revolver,
which he placed In his pocket.
The train of ideas bred of this action
lasted him all the way downstairs and
Into the cab which he had ordered. It'
suggested to him for the first time
that there was a spice of knighterran
try in the course on which he had era
barked, and, sines he had prided him-
"I expect there's something very
nice about both of us— in you chiefly,
dear, fc-r your loyal faith," was the re
ply. And. as by this time they were
out pf the salon and no one about, the
mutual compliment was ratified In a
fashion that concerns no one but them
selves.
and tricks that are vain," she said, as
she locked the papers away into her
traveling-bag, that lay close at hand
en a console-table. "There must be
something very nice about you, I think,
to be able to indulge in all these mys
terious carryings-on without shaking
the confidence of yours truly."
There. was a putting together of the
three heads in whispered discussion.
"Herr Winckel'\ was evidently 'a puz
zle. ;
"Can you Inform me whether Res
tofakl, the Russian police agent, took
part In the discovery?" asked the
Princess, looking up.
"I have not the honor of M. Restof
ski's acquaintance," replied Fortescue,
glad thus to learn that^Volborth's In
cognito was still Intact. "And now.
Princess," he added with a determina
tion to test his own position,* "as I do
not seem able to give you much infor
mation, perhaps you will allow me to
take my leave."
. Delaval laughed coarsely, and the tall
old man's eyes blazed like live coals, as
the visitor rose to his feet
"Not so fast, Mr. Meddlesome Eng
lishman', If you please — tne house door
is w*ell guarded," cried the Princess,
throwing off all disguise.' "This is the
chief matter on which I desired your
attendance. Restore at once the cipher
code. which you got from the English
police c^cer this morning; also tha
cross-examination," : replied Fortescue
boldly. "I. heard something about the
removal pf a portmanteau by a German
gentleman— a Herr Winckel, I think,
was; the name." •
and down, admitted him and closed the
door instantly ' with a metallic snap
that somehow got on Fortescue's
sherve. - . ¦ ¦ s '
"Sounded like the click of a 4 mouse
trap," he thought, as the small man
turned the handle \ of a doo/ on the
right of the passage and motioned him
to enter. And the next moment, when
he passed Into 'the room, conviction
came to him that it was a , trap Into
which he had walked so easily. For,
seated at the head of a' shabby table
was Olga Palitzin, having on her right
the fierce-eyed old man who had been
with her at the restaurant, and on her
left Delaval— very far from being on
his way back to America. One quick
glance round showed why. the house
from the outside appeared to be In ut-"
ter darkness. The windows were fur
nished with thick ( wooden shutters,
which were closed and barred.
The trio looked . up on Fortescue's
entrance, the Princess deliberately
folding a mao over, which they had
been poring. Her first words were ad
dressed, not to her visitor, but to De
laval and Fortescue was startled to
hear them spoken Incrisp English. Yin
the train she had carefully concealed
all knowledge of the language, and* this
open use of It Implied thxt she had' no
"Though I am not so sure that Vol
borth would be best pleased at having
to face a rearrangement of their plans
v.ith Dubrowski left out of his calcu
lations," he reflected as he rose from
the table. "I must salve my con
science by sending him a copy of De
laval's code — as a set-off against my
interference."
He had nearly reached the door of
the restaurant, when at table at a con
siderable distance from the one at
which he and Melton had lunched he
perceived the Princess Olga Palltzin
herself. He was sure that she had not
been there on his entering, and he had
Rc-t seen her before owing to the In
spector's detective instinct having
prompted him to appropriate the seat
facing the room. Fortescue had thus
had hjs back to the Princess. And now,
as he passed her table, she seemed to
be really unconscious of his presence.
Not for a moment did she relax her at
tention to the engrossing conversation
of her companion— a tall, spare-framed
old man, with a long white beard and
shaggy brows overarching a pair of
fiery <le?p-set eyes.'
Forte;:eue passed out into the vesti
bule and stopped a hurrying waiter.
"Ascertain for me if the lady in the
furs. at the second-table from the door
and the gentleman with her are stay
ing in the hotel," he said.
But the srarcon was able to oblige
Monsieur without inquiry. Neither the
lady nor the gentleman was staying
in the hotel, but they had. patronized
the restaurant at intervals during the
last ten dsys for dejeuner and dinner.
Rewarding the man with a franc,
Fortescue ran up to his roc-m and be
gan to make a rapid change in his at
tire. After putting a spoke in Vol
burth's wheel in the matter of Dubrow
ski. h:> felt that ho could not re
pay his friend better than by following
the Princess when she left the restau
rant. He was aware of the difficulty
of shado-wing her in broad daylight, but
the chance that she might lead him to
the headquarters of the gang— possibly
to that mysterious "No. 4 Center"— was
too good to be missed. Reinforced with
a knowledge of the lair, Volborth might
be trusted to set such a watch on the
comings and goings of the miscreants
that they would ba powerless for evil.
After plunging into a Norfolk jacket
and rummaging an old tweed hat from
the bottom of his "Gladstone," he
made his way again to the ground
floor — to find that he was too late. The
Princess and her fierce-eyed cavalier
had quitted the restaurant, and, as a
hasty ouestion put to the same waiter,
elicited, had departed from the hotel
two minutes before. The attache was
not addicted to profanity, but he v
hujled a full-flavored expletive at his
informant. A certain smug innocence
linking at the corner of the man's
mouth seemed to explain why the
Princess ard h°r companion had cur
tai'ed that absorbing conversation.
Idealizing that abuse of the waiter
would not mend matters, he returned
to his roc-:n. and, having rehabilitated
himseif, joined Lady Metcalf and
Laura. The va't fell in torrents, and
there wns r.o question of goingrout.
Having denp his best to enliven their
after|oon. Fortescue din<v*I quietly with
the ladies in their private salon.
To-ward the c'.or-e of the meal, while
he was for the tenth lime earning
Laura's gratitude by -promising her
mother a smooth crossing on the mor
row, the garcon brought him a letter
which had just been left at the hotel.
At the sight of the envelope Fortescue
r.eedrd a!', his nerve to repress a start,
for the bold, free hand was the same
as that in which was traced the draft
telegram reposing in his ifbcket-book.
He managed to ask carelessly if the
messenger was waiting an answer, and
having received a reply in the negative,'
he obtained Lady Metcalf's permission
to read his note. It was in French, and
ran as follows:
¦KIT RUE' ST. rbl>, rOL'LOOXE.
l>ar Sir: You were so good es to do me a
Frrall service thlf morning, and from your
charming friends I also received much gener
ous assistance. On those slight grounds I ven
ture to trc-Fpafs further on your kindness and
tu l«'S of you to c»ll on me at the above a<1
dr*~f at 0 o'clock ""this evening. I desire to
avail myself of your advice, and, if you are
willing to Kraut it, your lielp. undrr very try
ing circun^tances. For reasons, which I will
c:]'!a!n. I must ask you to come alone.
Accept the assurances, monsieur, etc., etc.
OLGA PALITZIN.
Feeling that Laura's eyes were en
him as he read he schooled himself to
suppress his elation, which was great.
At any rate here, ready to hand to pick
up, was the thread that he had dropped
earlier in the day. The sense that he
owed reparation to Volborth for de
priving him of the clew through Du
browski to the conspirators had been
growing on him, and he promised him
self to see this adventure through. The
Idea of personal danger did not occur.
He knew that he had to deal with de
termined and resourceful criminals,
and though naturally fearless he
would not have trusted himself among
them If he had believed them to regard
him as an active antagonist. But be
yond the fact of his having been seen
In Melton's company there was nothing
to connect him with their natural foes,
and he did not think that a connection
had been made that way. The English
detective had certainly not recognized
Olga Palitzin and her companion in the
restaurant, though sitting where he
had a good view of them, and the pre
sumption was that he was equally un
known to them.
All this passed through Fortescue's
mind in a flash, and by the time he
had folded up the Invitation he was
ready to' meet the challenge of in
quiry in Laura's eyes. This he did by
an answering glance that hinted at the
postponement of open curiosity, but the
moment Lady Metcalf had been made
comfortable after dinner he drew
Laura aside.
"That note was from the Princess
Palltzin," he said, placing It In her
hand. "I am rather Inclined to go. I
have no Idea what the woman wants,
but through her I may be able to
further Improve lima Vassili's pros
pects."
"Then* go by all means," replied
Laura, quickly skimming the letter.
"I can't say I caught on to the lady,
after the first— she seemed bloodless
and Insincere."
"Well, I shall not be trusting her
with any secrets," said Fortescue. "I
am going to try to get at hers. And
look here, little woman. Here are two
documents— neither clean nor Interest
ing, but highly Important— which I do
not care to carry about me. Will you
take charge of them and not deliver
them ud to any one but to myself In
person, on any representation?" And
he took out and handed to her the
cipher code and the draft of the Prin
cess' telegram to Serjov.
Laura took them and perceiving their
cabalistic nature, made one of her ex
pressive grimaces. <
"The heathen Chinee Isn't In It with
.you. Spencer, for ways that are dark
So the minutes sped by, Fortescue
covering the Princess with his revolver,
the three leaders at the table whisper
ing, and the men In the doorway fin
gering their knives, but no one ventur
ing to alter the grouping of that
strange party.
About the time that Fortescue raised
his weapon Laura Metcalf was saying
good-night to her mother, who was re
tiring for the night. Then, being like
all nice girls an Inveterate novel reader,
she settled down to pass the time till
her lover's return over the Joys and
sorrows other hero and heroine of the
moment. She had read for perhaps
half an hour when a waiter announced
that a messenger from Mr. Fortescue
was inquiring for her.
still in the same unlmpassioned tones,
she spoke rapidly In Russian to tha
men at the door. What she said was
unintelligible to Fortescue, but the re
sult was Immediately apparent In the
slamming of the front door, followed
by the sound of wheels. He gathered
that a messenger had been despatched
on some errand, and that his waiting
cab had been used for the purpose.
"In the meanwhile and In any cir
cumstances the same conditions pre
vail," he said. "At the first sign of
violence I fire."
keeping my friend waiting."
"One word." persisted Laura, follow
ing: him to the stair-head. "Is— is this
Palltzin wimian the fiend who is be
hind Ilma's trouble?"
"A member of the same family, dear,"
replied Fortescue, and he ran down the
• stairs before the question could be
followed up, fearing that If his spirited
little sweetheart ferreted out the whole
• truth there would be a scene In the
event of her meeting the Princess
while in Boulogne.
He found that Inspector Melton had
secured seats in the public restaurant
and was not only willing but caper to
return to the subject of Delaval. The
' rrason was soon apparent. True to his
decretive tactics. Volborth had not en
"lightened the English detective on the
Intricacies of the purely Russian phase
of the plot, and Melton was naturally
anxious to know all that Fortescue
could tell him. This was practically
nothing, for in the absence of permis
sion Fortescne did not feel justified in
disclosing what he had learned as a
consequence of private friendship. The
nev.s of Anna Tchigorin's release only
served to Increase Melton's Jre.
"Thar.k Volborth for nothing," he
eaid angrily. "If this precious Rus
sian caravan wasn't coming to Eng
land h« might play a lone hand and
¦welcome, but how are we to be rcspen
eib.le over the Channel if he keeps back
the essence of what he knows? Anna
Tchigorin doesn't concern me. She is
¦ too wcl! known a criminal to dare set
foot in England. It is the unknown
.. and therefore most dangeror.3 ones
like this Delaval that I vant to get at.
Just see what n piece of work Vol
borth's n«jt wiring the attempted out
rage at lirey'.au hts led to."
And the Inspector went on to relate
that his attention had first been
drawn to Delaval by seeing him in the
company of certain notorious Iri?h
• Americans at Antwerp, and that on
that account he had followed him to
Breslau, where he should have commu
nicated with the German police on the
first occasion had not the man left
again Immediately for Boulogne.
There he remained for a few hours
only before starting again for Breslau.
with nearly the same result, except for
Melton's meeting with Volborth, who,
'however, had been more inquisitive
thnn communicative.
Again Delav*] had doubled back to
Boulogne with Melton closely shadow
ing him, and on the morning after ar
rival he had a?tonished the detective
by at costing him in the street. He
was aware, he said, that he h3d been
followed through associating with well
kr.o-wn bad characters, but that he
wished to withdraw from that associa
tion before he was dragged into crime,
and that in consideration of being a!
iowe'd to return to America he would
cive Me'.t;:: valuable information about
. his late coirrades. vho were expected
shortly! fa RoaloBrf^ preparatory to
•»niT~-.*t l '.-r cr on r series of criminal at
tempts i:: T^nrrh-r.il. lie explained bis
visile, to JJi'-tiau by a desire to test
' ; v-ht£btT ¦*¦• was really being followed
r , :i-» ••:.-. ;-!r't:oii he sava me was or
tainly t '".: Mr.?, ard fitted in with what
I ¦;,¦' rj'jiw sources." siid Mel
ton. "^«> I saw him ir.to the train for
Ilavio. •Vbence'-h* was tt> sail; and,
vhen you tx;>k<!ed this bombshell un
der :r.c. i was waiting -here till the
bttierb turiud up from Antwerp."
•^' "A:.a what Is your theory now?"
F>-i i t>-c«-» a.sked.
"Tlist ht P»V< away his pals in order
tc get cU-ar and tiks r* hand in a fresh
attempt ».n she, Tizsr." was the reply.
"He- would hardly have dared such
treachery in h;s own initiative. I ex
pect he jrot the ti" to act so from the
chief? cf his organization, of which he
was probably a more valued member
• ihan those wht-m he betrayed. They
were undoubtedly dangerous once, but
"¦ report says they are mere bar-loafers
-* now. it is quite conceivable, that the
heads of the conspiracy may have
_ been glad of the chance to throw them
overboard by using them as a red
herring to draw us off the really dan
gerous characters."
Fortescue remained silent for some
' moments. There was clear and lucid
reasoning in Melton's deductions,
which have since been amply confirmed
by subsequent events known to the
'world.
"And — you mentioned a cipher?" he
said presently.
• "Yes, I got that by the merest fluke
'—though you were good enough to com
pliment me on It/' said the detective.
"I saw him off the day before yester
day In the morning. The same after
noon It was shown to me by the bar
maid at one of the English buffets
• here which he frequented. The girl
knows me. and also knew that I had
been interested in Delaval."
"Did she grive you the code?" asked
Fortescue. concealing his eagerness.
• The inspector's reply was the pro
duction of a bulky pocket-book, from
which he extracted a greasy sheet of
folded foolacap and threw it over to
Fortescue.
"There Is the confounded thing," he
'•aid. "Not much use. Is it— with none
; of- their correspondence to decipher?"
Fortescue ran his eye over the code
with undisguised Interest.
"I don't know to what extent Vol
borth has incurred your displeasure,"
he said, "but if you win relent so far
. jls to let me make a copy of this for
him It might be very serviceable."
• "Oh, I've got nothing against Vol
borth beyond his system," replied the
Inspector. "Copy It by all means-
Only I can't wait while you do It. as I
have to meet one of our men by the
afternoon boat via Calais. Keep the
.code and give it to me in the morning.
1 shall see you before you leave, and If
you'll excuse me now I will be off."
No sooner was Melton'gone than For
tescue took out the draft telegram
which he had despatched for the prin
cess at Amiens, and compared It with
£he cipher code. The latter, a very
brief scrutiny showed him, was appllc
. able, and a few minutes sufficed to
translate the instructions sent to
."Serjov, Poste Restante, Copenhagen,"
•into French, the sense being:
"Abandon attempt in Denmark. Du
brcrwski under suspicion, and useless for
further work. Plans must be rear
ranged, so rendezvous at No. 4 Center
forthwith. Olga Palltzin."
Folding ud the code and the draft
telegram he placed them in his pocket
book, well pleased with the prompt re
sult of his chance meeting with the
Princess. It was good to Jearn, for
lima Vassilt's sake, that her foolish
lover was to be discharged from his
perilous bondage; and to have flut
• tered the dove-cotes of the conspira
tors seemed to make for the safety of
the Tsar. The delay of having to Ini
tiate fresh attempts would have that
effect, Fortescue thought, and the con
spirators, discouraged by previous
¦failures, might even *Iv« ud their vile
•projects altogether.
' THE- SAN FRANCISCO -SUNDAY- CALIi
3(Continued Next Sunday.)
And she went on to explain that the
roads on the Queen's property on the
left side of the Glen were closed, even
to the favored few who had permission
to use them, during the Tsar's stay;
but that by taking the public road on
the right of the Glen as far as Spital
they would be able to see what was go
ing on on the forbidden ground about
Blrkenhall.
"Let's go for a spin after lunch,"
raid Laura, who knew that lima was
booked for an inspection of the dairies
under Lady Metcalf's personal guid
ar.re. "I can take you to a place
where we. shall very likely get a eight
»f some of the royalties}, I have been
there every day for a week and have
l»een uncommonly lucky. The day be
fore yesterday when I was up there
on 'Billy'— that's my bike, you know,
christened after the German Emperor
—I nearly cannoned "the Prince on to
old Woronzoff, the Russian Chamber
lain's pet corn."
For Laura herself the doings of prin
cipalities and powers had for the time
faded — "taken a back seat" she would
ha\> called it — in face of the superior
attractions of a new bicycle. And in
this respect fortune favored her that
she was seated next another devotee «>f
the wheel, to whom she could enlarge
without the risk of boredom on the
spick and span nickel-plated charms of
the thirty-guinea "safety" which' she
had brought from London. Mr. Fitz
Harding, a retired Indian Judge, had
taken to the exercise late in life for
the sake of his liver, and though he
took a good deal more interest in his
damaged vital organ than in the ma
chine which was to cure it, he was able
to Jlsten sympathetically and technic
ally tti her enthusiasm.
The two girls moved off arm In arm,
and did not see the unwonted shadow
that crossed Fortescue's face.
"I am afraid we have braved their
vengeance — or. what is worse, their
sense of self-protection, already," he
muttered as he ran up to his room.
"What would she say If she knew that
Laura and 1 were believed, and rightly,
by the conspirators to be the only per
sons able to legally prove their identity.
I mustn't lose a moment in comparing
rotes with my little girl after lunch."
He had only arrived at Blairgeldie on
the previous night, and as the house
was full he had not yet had a tete-a
tete with Laura. And that such an in
terview was imperative certain happen
ings to himself during the three weeks
that had elapsed since their stoppage
at Boulogne had brought home to him
pretty forcibly. He had spent the time
in London, after seeing Lady Metcalf
and her daughter off to Scotland, and
he had not been three days in the me
tropolis when he began to have a vague
impression that he was being followed.
There was nothing definite to catch
hold of. But he had a quick eye for
faces, and there had been several curi
ous coincidences. One night on leaving
the Junior Carlton he recognized in
the cab-tout who closed the doors of
his hansom a man whom he had seen,
differently dressed, loafing on the pre
vious day in the hall of the Mansions
in Victoria street, where hi* flat was
situated. And .again, another Indi
vidual who. sleek and well-dressed, had
called one day at the Foreign Office to
see him on a matter that proved to be
trumped up, was certainly traveiing,Jn
the next carriage to his on the under
ground three days later in workman's
attiie. He had no intention of alarming
Laura, but realizing thai she chared
with him that dangerous knowledge,
he wanted to ascertain if sh.e had no
t'ced anything abnormal in her sur
roundings, and in that case to take
measure? for her protection. •
Dlairgeldle Castle being close to the
right shoulder of Glen Mulck, opposite
to th? royal demesne, and Sir James
Metcalf belonging to the charmed cir
cle of those select ones whom the
Queen speaks of as her Highland
"neighbors," the conversation at lunch
con naturally ran on her Majesty's
guests. The Tsar was shooting with
the Prince of Wales in tne neighbor
hood of Birkhall, Sir James was able
to inform the company; and Laura
supplied the Information . that the
Queen and the Tsarina were to drive
out to the Glassalt Shiel. Fortescue,
who ha.1 come in loo late to secure a
scat rear Laura, remembered with
satisfaction a hint that he had included
in his letter to Volborth anent the se
lection of the Tsar's sillies and loaders.
"One thing only I beg of you both."
she said, as they rose at the ringing of
the luncheon bell, "neither for my sake
nor that of any one have any more to
do with Russian intrigue. They are
deadly people, those who are working
with Olga Palitzin. and I would not
have you brave their vengeance open
ly."
An hour's chat with her two English
friends left lima composed and cheer
ful, so catching was Laura'i happy
optimism.
toward the end of the Danish visit had
become unusually quiet and thought
ful—as a result, she now believed, of
the sudden termination of letters and
telegrams from the Princess. Fortes
cue said nothing of the Boulogne in
cident, as it solely affected Volbroth's
conduct of the case.
After thr.t there was no more misun
d.:st;tndin?r. and Fortfscve went on to
expi.iln that from aJl points of view the
best thing that could happen would be
for Volborth to prevent attempts dur
ing the tour, and at the end to capture
the conspirators in some scheme in
which neither directly or indirectly was
Boris DuSroWEki concerned. lima in
turn told how. after leaving Bresluu.
I>ubrovvski had bet-n first excitable,
then anxious and uneasy, and at last
word us a Kentlcfman."
"Aiid I trust you entirely." cried II
nia. nil her doubts broken down by his
frank declaration. "You must forplve
:r,y clarra. but it was your acquaintance
«1th M. Volborth that I mistrusted—
n<;t yourself."
such a way that it would not clash
with youis. on that I give you my
"There, Miss Medcalf," he said, giv
ing a final twist to the stiff buckram
"I get him into small gompatis as bossl
ble.~ Now if you so great honor will
bermit, I will aggompany you to Blair
geldie and have gonverse with mine
viiend, Mlshder Spencer Fordescue."
They trudged along fqr some distance
in silence, Laura having declined his
offer to wheel poor punctured/ "Billy."
As they were nearing Ballater they
were met by tlie same tweed-coatd
lounger, and Laura thought she de
tected a glance ? of recognition and ' a
half gesture of respect, pass from him
to her companion. But ' if so the
It was always Laura's way to try to
act as she thought her lover would
have acted in like case, and not know
ing either the extent or the source of
Herr Wlnckel's knowledge of the Palit
zin plots she did pot pursue the matter.
She had learned from Fortescue that,
as In honor bound, he had acquainted
Volborth with all that had occurred at
Boulogne, but no one else. She was
not sure, therefore, whether this port
ly German's suspicions were the result
of complete enlightenment otherwise
gained, or of. mere surmise based on the
very palpable grounds which he was
twisting in his hands. He al3o showed
no inclination to go deeper into the In
wardness of the accident.
"Yes, I've .punctured both tires, and
shall have to walk 'Bli— ' I mean my
bicycle home," she replied, checking
herself lest ghe should hurt her friend's
feelings by the Irreverent application
of his supposed sovereign's name.
"Ach, but there is oder things that
is worse to have bunchered than the
tires," was the reply.-whlch first caused
it to dawn on Laura that the Herr'a
appearance on these occasions was not
all chance. "Look! See what my
sharp old eyes have discover, on the
ground," he continued. And stepping
quickly back some twenty paces in the
direction whence s,he had come, he
stooped first on one side of the road,
then on the other, and returned, trail-
Ing some object, behind him, which he
wound up as he walked.
"Your agcldent was done on bur-
T>ose, Miss Medcalf," he said gravely.
"It was fortunate — most fortunate —
that I came up when I did."
And this time, whether voluntarily
or not, he allowed his-eys to gaze up
the road to where the bath chair and
its attendant were fast- fading in the
distance. Laura* surprised the look.
"You know those people, Herr
Winckel?" she said Ehortly.
"I know them by their works. You
travel this way often?" was the reply
— non-committal, but plain enough to
suggest his suspicions.
; "I have been here every day about
this time for a week," said Laura ey
ing with indignation the object which
he was gathering Into a clumsy ball.
The deliberate outrage on "Billy" af
fected her far more than Its possible
purpose, and that the outrage had
been very deliberate there was no room
to doubt.' The apparatus which Herr
Winckel was gathering into portable
shape consisted of a strip of buckram
of the color of the road with a row of
French nails inserted at intervals of
an inch. This had been stretched
across, and pegged down at each side
of the road, so that the buckram and
the heads of the nails lay flat on the
ground, while the points stuck upward.
A more Ingenious device for disabling
a pneumatic-tired bicycle, and f6r
bringing Its rider to a standstill, could
not have been contrived.
Laura held out her hand in frank
welcome, then glancing inquiringly
from his stolidly beaming face toward
the receding bath chair, of which, how
ever, he took no notice.
"How do you do, Herr?" she said.
"I am awfully glad to meet you again,
though you are about the last person
I should have expected to see. You al
ways turn up at the nick of time. I
have had an accident." ' '
"Ach! So? * The machine is all
broke?" said Herr Winckel, looking
abput him.
There smiting down at her between
two rowan trees, stood Herr Winckel.
dressed the same and looking In all re
spects the same as on the eventful
night at Breslau when he had proved
himself such a "handy old chap." He
had a companion with him — a short,
dark man whom he addressed in an un
known tongue as Regtofeki. The latter
having disappeared behind the brow of
the bank, Herr Winckel descended with
much puffing and blowing into the road.
woman in the nurse's garb had to take
long strides to keep up with it.
"That's civil of them, anyhow,"
thought Laura. "They think that I
have come a cropper and the nurse Is
bearing down with bandages and stick
ing-plaster."
A moment later she was up from her
knees, standing' in the middle of the
road in an attitude half .defiant, half
shrinking, and gazing with a strange
fascination at the oncoming. bath chair.
For from out of its hooded depths a
pair of eyes were glaring at her — fierce,
burning eyes which she had last seen
at Olgn Palitzln's side at the house In
the Hue St. Pol. If the gray beard was
there it was so hidden by mufflers as
to be invisible, but there was no mis
taking the eyes, and they In turn by a
swift .process of deduction aided Laura
to penetrate the disguise, of the nurse.
It was the Princess herself.
And then, suddenly, while Laura was
debating what Spencer would Avish her
to do, the chairmun, whom Hhe'dld not
recognize, turned the . vehicle, round,
and, pushing it now at a more decor
ous rate, wheeled it away In its orlgl
na.1 direction, while the nurse bent over
her patient and appeared to be tend
ing him. At the same time from the
bank above her Laura heard herself ac
costed In a voice that suggested chim
neys and portmanteaux;-^
"How do you do, Mees Medcalf? This
is a pleasure unexpected, -which I had
not to myself promised till later In the
afternoon. I am on my way to Blajr
geldie to see my friend Spencer For
de?cue."
"Billy" was behaving beautifully and
Laura was thoroughly enjoying her
spin through' the familiar country. The
lonely Highland road was practically
deserted, and it was not till she had
reached a point nearly opposite Birk
hall that on rounding an angle she saw
far ahead a man wheeling a bath
chair, at the. side of which walked a
hospital nurse. They were going In the
same direction as herself— away from
Ballater, toward Spttal— and she had
therefore only a back view.
"I hope to goodness Deeside isn't go
ing to become a resort for Invalids,"
she thought, at the same time with
characteristic good nature ringing her
bell while she was yet some distance
off so as not to flurry the particular in
valid in question. And then as the
silvery tinkle died away two other
sounds followed in quick succession —
first the wheezy rush of escaping air.
secondly from Laura herself the hearty
exclamation— '
"Confound it! I've got a puncture,
and a bad one."
She was off in an instant, kneeling
over the prostrate "Billy" by the road'
side, and a hasty examination showed
that both tires were pierced with neat
round holes of considerable j diameter,
and that to ride home was out of the
question. Hardly had she made the
discovery when looking down the road
she saw that the bath chair had been
turned and was being wheeled toward
her at a greatly increased rate of
speed — so fast, indeed, that' the
"Not that I^know of, but it might.be
as well if you # and I kept cur eyes
about us. The're's a certain responsi
bility, you see, as we are the. only ones
hereabouts who know the Palitzin
gang by sight, and it would be our duty
to apprise the local autnorltles if we
spotted any of them."
"Oh well. I don't think they'd come
here, with Ballater swarming with po
lice. Besides, it's too ridiculous. Rus
sian Nihilists on Deeside — where I've
lived all my life," said Laura, matter of
fact as ever despite her recent experi
ence, and firm in the average woman's
conviction that nothing out of the way
can happen amid everyday surround
ings.
Fortescue had the happy conscious
ness, however, that, coming from him,
the suggestion would not be altogether
disregarded, and he hoped that It
would serve till he could enter more
fully into the reasons for precaution.
In the meanwhile as, he watched
Laura and Fitz Harding ride slowly
down the drive he rejoiced that she had
a capable escort. For, his fifty-five
years and liver notwithstanding, the
ex-judge was still a man of thews and
sinews, and had been a noted tiger
slayer in his time.
But Fortescue's complacency was a
little premature. For an Anglo-Indian
with a liver dating back to the bad
old brandy-pawnee days there Is a foe
against whom muscle and nerve are
alike powerless. The day was one of
the few exceptions to the rule that
made September of 1896 a recor*d break
er In wet weather, and the fierce
autumn sun recalled Hyderabad to Mr.
Fiti! Harding before, they reached the
lodge gates of Blairgeldie. By the
time they were spinning through Bal
later, where loungers in tweed suits and
bowler hats suggested the Scotland
Yard detective at every step, it had
made his head ache. When they
reached the outskirts of the village it
had got him so sick and dizzy that he
Jumped from his machine with an in
voluntary exclamation of distress.
"I must offer you a thousand apolo
gies, Miss Metcalf, but I really cannot
go on," he said. "The sun has gripped
my battered o!d head in a vise, and I
shall enjy be an Incum^ranee to you.
If you will allow me I will turn back
and make for the ice-box in your
butler's pantry."
Laura with all sympathy urged him
to return at once, and turned "Billy"
for the purpose of accompanying him.
But against this Mr. Fitz Harding,
knowing of no reason to the contrary,
resolutely set his face. If she persisted
he should -sit by the roadside and not
go back at all. She had come out for a
good long spin, and of that spin nothing
should induce him to deprive her. It
was the riding he did not feel up to,
but ho was quite capable of walking his
bicycle quietly back to Blairgeldie.
Seeing that he was obdurate, Laura
took him at his word, and. after watch-
Ing l.im on his way for some distance,
remounted and struck Into the road
that rutos past Glen Mulck House and
Braichlle. Before golns far sh2 met one
of the tweed-coated loungers, who
looked sharply at her. as she sped by,
little guessing that the trim figure in
the serge bicycling "kit" had within
the fortnight stood face to face with
the living reasons of his Ueirrg there —
that In that dainty, well-poised head
was a knowledge of certain faces,
which, had he possessed it. might have
brought him fame and fortune.
She looked up at him not in the least
frightened, but knowing by his tone
that he had a reason for the question.
"Rather not! I should have put you
on to them sharp by wire if I had,"
she replied. "Is there anything wrong,
Spencer?"
"You haven't seen any of our friends
of the Rue St Pol in. these parts, eh,
dear?" he asked her.
The prospect of taking his mechan
ical medicine in such pleasant com
pany was Irresistible, and Mr. Fitz
Harding readily assented. Fortescue,
who overheard something of the ar
rangement, l;nev.- that his private talk
with Laura would have to be post
poned, and as she was not going out
unaccompanied he saw no reason for
apprehension. But coming upon her
in the hall, as she was removing the
dust-cloth from the glittering "Hilly,"
he seized the chance of reassuring him
self.
"And as the neighborhood simply
recks of personages It is on the cards
that some of them may overflow
again to our side of the Glen," she con
cluded.
It was not till the gates of Blairgel
die were in sight that he dropped dis
jointed remarks on the local scenery,
and said suddenly:
"The lady vriend vor whom you make
so s much brave risk at Breslau— it is
well with her and her betrothed?"
"Ye-e-es," replied Laura, surprised
into a rather halting assent. "They're
all right/thank you. Though it was
ypu who did all the real work that
night, Herr, and if you care about
gratitude my friend shall express it to
you in person. She is staying with us
for a few days."
. "Ach neln! but that is what I would
avoid. I Imblore of you, my dear Miss
Medcalf, my imblication in that busi
ness not to exbose," pleaded Herr
Winckel so earnestly, that he came ln|
fc-r a glance of keen scrutiny. His fair
companion's shaip wits were wondering
whether the subject had not been intro
duced for the purpose of. preferring
this request and if so by what means
he had become aware of Ilma's pres
ence at Blalrgeldie. However, she gave
the required . promise— subject to the
mental reservation that she would can- .
eel it If Spencer did not approve.
The carriage drive at Blairgeldie, as
it approached the castle, skirted the
tennis lawn, and a game was in prog
ress, with a goodly contingent of the
house-party looking on. At. the sight of
Laura's ignominous return a shout of
chaffing condolence went up. mingled
with en undertone of conjecture as to
who her odd-looking escort could be.
Fortescue, who had been worried and
anxious since Mr. Fitz Harding had
come back, breathed a sigh of relief,
and ran aerejs tha drive. .He had been
half expecting a visit from Volborth,
but somehow the arrival of the police
agent with Laura, in conjunction with
the plight of the bicycle, suggested that
tiist words had best be in
private.
"I've got 'Billy' punctured. Spencer,"
said Laura as he came up. "And—won
ders will never cease— Herr. Winckel
dropped from the 'skies to my assist
ance. He will give you a full and com
plete history of what he saw f and pres
ently I'll" reel, off 'my experiences. In
"the meanwhile I will go and put dear
•Billy' to bed." And she proceeded
toward the front entrance leaving the
two men under the trees at the side of
the drive.
"Well, Paul?" Fortescue said, as
soon as she was beyond earshot.
"She has had an escape," replied Vol
borth shortly..
"And I have to thank you for saving
her. is it not so?" said Fortescue with
suppressed emotion.
"In a secondary way, yes. Primarily
she has to thank her own nerve and
good sense for not letting them re
capture the cipher code at Boulogne.
You are a man to be envied, Fortescue.
Your own Insight into my ' wishes,
backed by Miss Metcalf's cool courage,
has 'enabled me to get the hang of the
. whole plot By the aid, of the cipher
and an old letter, we discovered their
Center No. 5, and we have never lost
sight of them since. The Princess
Palltzln, Welgtsky and a subordinate
are here on Dceskle. Look at this
pretty thing. It was they who brought
about that puncture— with what end
ypu can guess. They were bearing
down upon her after "the collapse with
' all speed, when I and Restofskl
showed."
"Good God!" Fortescue exclaimed
under his breath.
"Yes, it is serious, and ycu will both
have to watch yourselves, though, as
to-day I hope by never letting, them
out of sight to prevent unpleasant
ness," proceeded Volborth. "Ypu see
they are under the impression that you
and Miss Metcalf are the only wit
nesses who can identify them by sight
and by name. For the moment I should
imagine that you two are more the ob
ject of their presence here than even
their ultimate aim."
"I had an Inkling of this," Fortescue
said, and he briefly recounted his sus
picions that he had been followed in
London. Volborth listened with a grav
ity which his Teutonic disguise empha
sized into, a Beeming callousness, and
Fortescue was stung by It to a sudden
exasperation.
"Look here, Paul," he broke out.
when a long silence had followed his
last word, "Laura's danger intro
duces the personal element, and I can
not back your waiting policy any.
longer. Why not lay hands on the
frnng and have done with this hole
and-corner work once for all? You
are i;ot compelled to show in the mat
ter. A wink to Scotland Yard would
be sufficient." ¦ . '
Volborth gave an Ironical chuckle.
"It would be sufficient to insure the
conspirators going scot free," he re
plied. "Those are the gentry I am
striving to keep outside the affair, and,
oh! if you only knew the trouble I
have with them as it is. Would you
believe that one of them whom I met
just now. when walking with Miss Met
calf had the folly to show that he
knew me— and that in the - face of
stringent instructions that my incog
nito was to be respected. No! Great
Britain, with Its publicity and freedom
of the. press. Is the last place where
the arrests must be made. But when
we leave here we shall be turning our
faces homeward. Your suspense will
not last much longer."
"My suspense does -not matter, but
I will not have Laura sacrificed— like
Lobanof," returned' Fortescue hotly,
and for the last time in his life he saw
the imperturbable . police agent visi
bly moved. A purple flush suffused
Volborth's face and he breathed heav
ily.
"Do hot strain our friendship by re
ferring to that. Spencer." he said
hoarsely. "That 2 was all different. I
was fighting the air then; now Ihave
every one of the active conspirators
greeting won no answering sign from
Herr Winckel, though after they; had
passed there was, perhaps, the faintest
trace of annoyance in his stolid coun
tenance. -
\ "But certainly, monsieur; I accept
your kind offer with gratitude," he re
plied. "I was trying to convey to this
worthy servitor that I bear a letter
from her Majesty the Empress*of Rus
sia, which I am commanded to deliver
in person to her Majesty's maid-of
honor — Mademoiselle Vassili — who is a
guest of Sir Metcalf."
Fortescue, with the privilege of a fu
ture l eon-ln-law, signed to a groom to
•take the horse to the stables. "I -will
myself conduct you to Mademoiselle
Vassili, monsieur," he said. "I left her
but a few minutes ago on the tennis
lawn." And turning to Volborth, he
said hurriedly in English, "Will you
wait?"/
"No," was the reply. "I only came to
warn you. If you take as much care of
yourself as will be taken of you by
others all will be well." And with a
clumsy bow that included Dubrowskl
and the servants the disguised police
agent turned and made his way back
along the drive.
Chatting on trifles, Fortescue led the
aide-de-camp through a maze of
flower-beds to the edge of the green
sward, where Il'ma, seated in a ham
mock-chair at Lady Metcalf's side,
made a conspicuous figure among the
group of spectators. The fact of Du
browskl being on duty relieved him of
some of the awkwardness of his posi
tion, and he marched up to lima with
a confidence lent by the imperial man
date,
"I bring you this, mademoiselle, from
her Majesty the Tsarina," he said,
proffering a letter which he took from
his sabretache. "I am commanded to
await your reply."
Though Lady Metcalf had never met
Dubrowski she knew him perfectly
well by sight, thanks to her post of
vantage r.t Breslau, and she wondered
why lima did not introduce her fiance.
Instead of doing so, however, formal
leave having been asked and given,
the mald-of-honor broke seal and ap
plied herself to the perusal of the let
ter. Dubrowskl had fallen back a few
paces, and though the observed of all
observers, was chatting with well-bred
ease to Fortescue. The latter, possess
ing the knack of attending to two af
fairs at once, watched lima as she
read, and he noticed a deep crimson
flush spreading over the fair young
face. She had not nearly finished when
she began to bite her lips with annoy
ance, and by the time she came to the
signature her brows were contracted
in a frown.
But for her there was no appeal from
the will of the writer, and quickly mas
tering herself she passed the letter to
her hostess.
"This concerns you, dear Lady Met
calf," she said, forcing a smile. "It
really rests with you to answer her
Majesty."
Lady Metcalf adjusted her gold
pince-nez, and commenced a brave
struggle with; the Imperial French.
Fortescue, still assimilating all that
occurred, observed that upon - this
reader the letter had an exactly oppo-
"I trust that what you consider my
jnlsguided zeal will gain its object. You
"will have no need to drag the young
idiot Into trouble now, surely?" For
tescue replied.
"You know our system," said Vol
borth; "There is no getting away
from that Breslau attempt. AVe make
no distinction between ignorant and en
lightened offenders. He has played
with edged tools, and when the day of
reckoning with those others comes he
will have to abide the consequences."
Further conversation on the topic was
impossible, for they were nearing the
hall door, where Boris Dubro-wski, al
ready dismounted, was vainly trying to
make the old Scotch butler understand
his best Parisian..
"He has not seen me like this; I am
Herr Winckel again," whispered Vol
borth. "Offer to Interpret for him."
"Pardon, monsieur, but perhaps you
will allow me to translate your -wishes,"
said Fortescue in French, raising his
hat as he advanced, and wondering if
Boris would remember their meeting
in the street at Breslau. But the Tsar's
aide-de-camp had been much too an
gry on that occasion to note strange
faces, and he returned the English
man's salute without a sign of recog
nition.
"Let us follow and see what has
brought Master Catspaw hither." said
Volborth, as soon as the aide-de-camp
had passed. "Ah, my friend.". he con
tinued, as they walked up the drive,
"there, now, in your lopping off of
that limb from my ramifications lies a
real cause of discord , between us,
were I. inclined to ciuarrel. It was
honest of you to tell me, though.
And in the cipher code and the de
scriptions of the Rue St. Pol folk you
more than made amends. Yes. after
all the balance of credit is still with
you.'" .
Fortescue smiled softly to himself
at the gentle reminder of the one in
stance in which his action had been
not quite eye to eye with that of his
former colleague. Volborth's inten
tion of putting that instance forward
as a claim lor present forbearance was
a little too obvious.
IN THE SHADOW OF THE SHRUB
BERY.
CHAPTER X.
under surveillance. I have far too
much admiration for Miss Metcalf to
trifle with her safety — or yours, if you
will allow me to say so. But my first
duty is to my sovereign."
"And mine — " Fortescue was begin
ning:, when the clatter of horse's hoofs
caused an interruption.
"Let us step back among the trees,"
said Volborth, and they had hardly
got clear before the horseman rounded
a corner of the drive.
A moment later Boris Dubrowskl. in
uniform, and s leaning well forward
with the true seat of the Russian rid
ing school, cantered by on his way to
the hall doer of Blairgeldie Castle.
site effect. She flushed. It is true, but
it was with obvious pleasure, and soon
her old face was beaming with deiight.
"Of course, my dear, it will be the
"preritest pleasure as well as honor to
carry out her Majesty's gracious wish.
Lady J.Ietcalf said reverentially, hand
ins back the letter. "James, where are
you, James*" she called oui. dislodging
her husband from another group of
guests. "Oh. here you are," as he came
up obedifently. "Isn't this too sweet of
the Tsarina? She has written to Made
moiselle Vassili to say that she is sure
she cannot enjoy her holiday unless
Captain Dubrowskl is with her. He
has brought the letter, and if we can
take him in for the night her Majesty
suggests that we might send for his
things. You had better order the dog
cart at once."
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
4
Good Morning
Have you thought about the
UNDERWEAR.
That you are going to wear
during the summer months?
Here's some -the good kind
—form fitting and health pro-
tecting. ::::::::
Physicians recommend them.
(There must be some good
reasons.)
LADIES' COMBINATION
SUITS— Made of Paris lisle,
jersey knit, low neck and no
sleeves, umbrella shaped
drawers, trimmed with tor-
chon lace, neck and armholes
finished with crochet beading
with braid drawn through.
When you wear these you'll
find you need a smaller sized
corset. Easily washed, no
ironing or starching needed. •
Light in weight and ex- Qfir»
tra light in price /"t
LADIES' COMBINATION
SUITS-^Iade of pure. Vega-
silk, Swiss ribbed, low neck
and no sleeves, half ankle
length, deep umbrella shaped,
trimmed with Hand-made
English thread lace, neck and
armholes trimmed with cro-
chet beading with silk ribbon
braid drawn through. You'll
appreciate the goodness of
these silk garments when
you see them. tf*-| *JE
Price" *pl . ( D
LADIES' DRAWERS — The
new patent kind, tieht fitting
French bands, opened on the
sides, also drawn string, um-
brella shaped, trimmed with a
three-inch ruffle of hand-
crochet lace. They are made
of light weight, soft, sea isl-
and thread, Swiss ribbed.
Easily washed, no ironing
or starching needed. OP n
Price L*D\*
LADIES' TIGHTS^-Made of
soft finished English thread,
tight fitting tops with a drawn
string, deep flare flounce, lace
trimmed, jersey knit. A trial
of one pair of these and we
are convinced you will Cfi/»
wear no others. Price Jvt
We Never Forget the
• Stout Women.
Here are some Ladies' Draw-
ers, made of XX sea island
thread, "sanitary bfeached and
velvet finished. Swiss ribbed
French bands, buttoned on
the sides, with draw strings, ¦
umbrella shaped, deep *)C\f%
lace trimmed. Price.. CtjQ,
LADIES' VESTS-yMade of
soft bleached English thread,
low neck and no sleeves,
deep lace yoke, neck, arm-
holes and yoke finished with
lace edging, Swiss rib- *iC^»
bed. Price &DC
LADIES' VESTS— Low neck
and sleeveless, made of Ital-
ian silk, deep hand crochet
lace yoke, Swiss ribbed. In
pink, blue, cream, white Pft.
and black. Price DUC
There is always a procession
of economical shoppers ami good
judges of underwear facing to-
ward
Joe Rosenberg's
816 Market St. II O'Farreli It.
SAN FRANCISCO.
1 UAH. OBOSBS SOLICITED.
JOE BOSENBERG'S./N "American Problems" the Rev.
Joseph -A. -Vance, of Chicago discuss
,es f pur moral problems that he con
siders are pressing for solution by the
American people. These relate to the
negro, labor unions, the liquor traffic,
and moral uncleanness. Vance attacks
G. Waldo Browne
Writes on Japan
A Wild Romance
ofKjing Olaf
a LTHOUGII the consideration of
JX college publications has not fallen
within the province of the book
reviewer in the past, the ambitious
character of some of. them makes
such notice imperative. Notable in
stances of such collegiate effort are
the "Blue and Gold" annual of the
class of 1905 at the University of Cali
fornia, and the '03 Stanford "Quad." If
size Is any merit the recently publish
ed class book at Berkeley must be ac
knowledged the peer of anything that
has come from the pens and pencils of
college editors and artists, for it has
the proportions of an atlas of the
world, though far more artistically
compiled and printed than the average
atlas. The "Blue and Gold" is not an
overgrown literary rutabaga, however;
its covers, though far apart, are cram
med with sense and nonsense of the
typical collegiate keenness. The ' '03
Stanford "Quad" goes In for quality
strictly. Not half the size of the
Berkeley annual, it outranks the "Blue
and Gold" conspicuously in point of lit
erary and artistic merit. The drawings
incorporated In the book are particu
larly fine. Editors and their staffs of
both publications deserve no scant
praise for their work.
Brief Reviews
of Other Books
PAMELA CONGREVE, Frances Ay
mar Mathews; Dodd, Mead & Co., New
York: illustrated: price $1 50.
THE TRANSGRESSION OB* AN
DREW VANE, Guy Wetmore Carryl:
Henry Holt & Co., New York; 'price
T-HE COST, David Graham Phillips;
Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapolis;
Illustrated.
THE COURT OB* SACHARI3SA.
Hugh Sheringham and Nevtll Meakin;
the Macmillan Company, New York;
price $1 50.
HULDAH, Alice Mac Gowan Cook*
and Grace Mac Gowan; tha Bobbs-
Merrill 'Company, Indianapolis, Illus
trated.
THE HIGH ROAD, anonymous; Her
bert S. Stone & Co.. Chicago.
THE SILENT PLACES. Stewart Ed
ward White: McClure, Phillips & Co.,
New York; illustrated; price $1 60.
THE PICAROONS. Gelett Burgess
and Will Irwin; McClure. Phillips &
Co.; New York; price 51 60.
THE QUALITY OF YOUTH. Louis
Ewan Shipman: the Scott-Thaw Com
pany. New York; illustrated.
A BOOK OF SUNDIAL MOTTOES.
Alfred II. Hyatt; the Scott-Thaw Com
pany. New York; price $1.
TRISTRAM AND ISOLDE, Louis K.
Anspacher; Brentano's, New York;
price $2.
THE MYSTIC MID-REGION. Arthur
J. Bur dick; G. P. Putnam's Sons, New
York; Illustrated by photographs;
price $2.
LITTLE GARDENS, Charles M.
Skinner; D. Appleton & Co., New Tork;
Illustrated; price $1 25.
THE HISTORY OF THE NINE
TEENTH CENTURY IN CARICA
TURE, Arthur B. Maurice and Freder
ick T. Cooper; Dodd. Mead & Co., New
York; Illustrated; price $2 50.
CHARM AND COURTESY IN CON
VERSATION. Frances Bennett Calla
way; Dodd. Mead & Co., New York;
price S5 cents.
MILLENNIAL DAWN— THE NEW
CREATION: Watch Tower Bible and
Tract Society. Allegheny. Pa. •
. OVERLAND TO OREGON, Edward
Henry Lennox; published privately at
513 East Eighteenth street, Oakland.
Cal.: price $3.
Books Received
J'APAN has always had an attrac
tion for artists and literary peo
ple and no land In the Orient has
been written up to a greater extent
than the land of the crysanthemum.
At present the war is attracting writ
ers in great numbers to Japan and
we may expect to be treated to a book
by each of them when they return
home; but should the new books make
as pleasant reading as "Japun — the
Place and People." by G. Waldo
Browne, they will be quite welcome.
Browne's work was first published
in 1901 and enjoyed such a share of
popularity that a n:?w edition was
called for and has just been published.
It is a large book of 438 pages, llnely
illustrated, many of the plates being
daintily colored. The preface, which
bears the signature of Kogoro Taka
hira. Minister for Japan at Washing
ton, briefly but tersely explains how
it happened that the Japanese made
in a brief period the change from a
condition resembling the medieval
barbarism of Europe to one of civ«
lllzation higher than that of the Rus
sian empire.
Browne i first escorts the reader
through all the chief districts of the
Japanese Islands, including the cities
and centers of commercial activity.
He fully describes the customs and
occupations of the people as circum
stances draw attention to them? He
then outlines, the home life and ar.
tistic aspirations of the Japanese. \ A
clear and entertaining sketch of the
history of the kingdom follows, with
numerous pretty folk-stories and re
ligious myths to round out the work.
The writer has a pleasing style and
exhibits an extensive knowledge of
Japan and the Japanese. The book
vrill undoubtedly prove Interesting to
all who desire to become better ac
quainted with the bright little people
who are so heroically contesting the
aggressions of the great empire of the
Czar.
(Dana, Estes & Co., Boston; price
$2 BO.)
H. Irvinir Hancock's book on Japan
ese "Jiu-jitsu" for women follows close
ly the lines of his first work on the
general aspect of this remarkable
muscle forming system of gymnastics.
The author claims that the course h«
advocates, if followed conscientiously,
"will make a weak woman stronger,
and will make of any reasonably
strong woman one who is the physical
peer of any man of her size." This
latter assertion is a pretty strong one,
but upon reading Hancock's outline of
"Jiu-jitsu," modified to suit feminine
capabilities, one cannot but believe
that such a thing is quite possible. In
thl3 second work Hancock reviews in
brief what he had to say in his pre
vious books upon the basis of Japanese
physicial training and then proceeds
in detail to elaborate upon the modified
application of this training to women.
His book could well be used as a
text by any one desiring to make prac
tical test of the Japanese theory for
bodily upbuilding.
(G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York;
price $1 25.)
vention of death and one of these at
tempts to stab her liege before she
turns the steel bn her own breast. Tts
author reproduces a sea Sght very well
and records other stirring Incidents,
but she fails to throv/ her render back
to the time of her story by the creation
of a complete atmosphere about her
plot. The characters stalk through the
book like moving pictures on a white
sheet.
(Little, Brown & Co., Bostou; illus
trated; priye }1 50.)
Preacher Tries
j to Right Evils
SOME novels are very like the me
chanical toys "made in Ger
many." When they are in action,
with every cog and pln^ working
smoothly, one is constrained to some
slight manifestation of Interest, amuse
ment even; but when, with a premon
itory rattle, the plot begins to , slow
down and every, one of the puppets in
the story commences to. Jerk about
nervously, and: disconsolately with fast
diminishing vigor, the reader sends up
another sigh to high heaven and won
ders dully when, the good- publishers
are going to temper:, their discretion
with a little righteous • consideration for
literature her honor. v Stories that are
brassy, mechanical, stories that move
only by the grace/of this* key winding
and spring tightening process— such are
without profit save that measured with
the dollar sign possibly and, like the
mechanical toys again, are:' designed
This Tale Needs
Winding a Bit
each problem from what he terms "the
Christian ooint of view," and finds in
the Bible precedents and remedies for
nearly every trouble. He is conse
quently very impracticable, and his im
practicability is most pronounced in the
chapter dealing with a city's half
world. It would be next to impossible
to conceive anything more absurdly
quixotic than his method of curing the
social fester in the large cities.
His handling of the labor union prob
lems is not much better^ ) He shows
that he possesses a very slight know
ledge of economics and social reforms.
Although he believes laboring men
should be organized for their own bet
terment and protection, he thinks the
unions should always treat capitalists
in a meek and subservient spirit. He
Is not in favor of strikes, and abhors
compulsory arbitration fox the adjust
ment of industrial disputes. His rem
edy for most labor troubles in the com
pulsory incorporation" of labor unions;
so as to make them amenable to the
common lav/.
Vance deals with the development of
municipal reforms more intelligently:
the chapter on the Hquor problem is the
best in the book. He strongly adyn
cates State control of the liquor traffic
on the lines of the Gothenburg system
in force, In Scandinavia. Where this
cannot be adopted, he believes that the
dispensary system, a3 applied in South
Carolina, would greatly benefit moral
ity. Strong testimony to the efficacy
of this system Is given In a letter ad
dressed to the author by H. II. Crum,
Dispensary Commissioner of South
Carolina.' Speaking of the working of
this system In South Carolina, . Crum
testifies as follows: "The dispensary
system -has proven successful In our
State.' You can scarcely see a drunken
man at any time, and it is steadily
growing in favor, even with our bitter
est enemies. We are very proud of our
great institution and hope to see other
States follow, or at least Introduce such
a systqm."
(The Winona Publishing Company,
Chicago; price 75c.)
The time-honored artifice of the two
of kin whose identities are confused by
near likeness, the one to the other,
serves Oppenhelm for the raison d'etre
of his plot. Like Shakespeare's Broth
ers Dromio. Oppenhelm's sisters Pellls-
Eier. Anna and Annabel, are inter
changeable to suit the exigencies of the
story's action. Curtain discloses both
the sisters living in Paris, Anna by her
art, Annabel by her wits. Before long
the reader discovers that Annabel's
very Bohemian temperament has led
her into the ways that are rose strewn;
but in order to make a rich catch In
the matrimonial pond this faithless An
nabel throws the burden of her sins
on to sister Anna's shoulders by the
simple trick of stealing ' Anna's name
and posing as the demure little artist,
terribly shocked at her wild sister. An
nabel lands the rich catch and files to
England and the seclusion of staid
married life, leaving Anna to fight out
the battle precipitated by the escapades
of her graceless sister.
¦ Herein lies" one of the glaring falla
cies of the story. The author does not
lead us to believe that the angel Anna
is possessed of a consuming love for
the Jezebel sister, yet he makes her
perform every sacrifice, undergo every
slurring Innuendo and open bullying
from the erstwhile, favorites of Anna
bel, come near starvation once and
near being murdered once, Just that
the graceless and undeserving, sister
may find and hold to the high paths
of virtue. -This, with the constant flit
ting in and out of many ardent admir
ers of the; self-appointed martyr, Anna,
the senseless hiding behind j curtains
and revolver brandlshingsQf the man
who says "This is not the end" In a
tragic diapason dlapente, and the pat
ter of "smorl tork" of the high society
order, all unite to give "Anna the Ad-r
venturess" ' the metallic * timbre of
only to catch the fancy of the loiterer
along fiction's good highway.
This. introduces E. Phillips Oppen
heim's "Anna the Adventuress" as a
specimen for brief consideration.
Here we hava a story built entirely
upon the unreal and improbable in the
first place and lacking entirely In that
quality of Illusion that must carry the
reader along in unseeing, unquestioning
absorption— a quality absolutely essen
tial to the attainment of sustained in
terest In such narrative. For If the
author will only make his Impossibili
ties ssem nothing more than natural by
throwing around the whole plot scheme
such a cloak of breathless action and
plausible sequence of events as to
chain the entire attention of the reader,
he may unfold his tale from the most
impossible premises and no shadow of
unbelieving will fall athwart the pure
enjoyment of his work. With a story
built upon a fantastic plot key, how
ever, and working "itself but illoglcally,
unnaturally, a writer cannot produce
anything 'that is convincing, anything
that has a strong appeal through In
terest upheld. In "Anna the Adven
turess" Opnenheim has the chance to
mako one of those thrilling stories on
improbabilities— has the chance but has
failed through thl3 very lack of seem
ing plausibility Induced by sustained
action.
The American Book Company has Is
sued two books under the tltla "Steps
In English," which must be accepted
by educators as being the most prac
tical aids to English composition yet
offered for use in grammar grades.
These bocks constitute a distinct Inno
vation In teaching language in ele
mentary schools which is at once sensi
ble, practical and modern. They teach
the child how to express his thoughts
in his own language, and do not fur
bish an undue amount of grammar and
rules. They mark out the work for
the teacher In a clearly defined man
ner by telling him what to do and
when to do it. From the start lessons
In writing language are employed
simultaneously with those in conver
sation; and picture study, study of lit
erary selections and letter writing are
presented at frequent Intervals. The
lessons are of a proper length and well
graded. The work is systematically
arranged, especially in Book I. This
series is free from the many faults
found in other books of a similar na
ture. The work is not based on an
antiquated plan, but is particularly
suited to modern conditions. I; does
cot shoot over the heads of pupils, nor
does it show a marked effort in writ-
Ing down to the supposed level of
young minds. The books do not con
tain too much technical grammar, nor
are they filled with sentimental twad
dle and gush. The series will be wel
comed by teachers who are tired of
antiquated methods and desire live,
up-to-date books.
ya>giFS MIRIAM MICHELSON. the 'creator of Nance Olden and her amusing adventures "In. the Bishop's
/ri Carriage." comes of a family of newspaper people. She has both a brother and a brother-in-law on the
editorial staff of a New York paper. Her first work was done for "Arthur McE wen's Letter." a remarkable
weekly published by her brother-in-law In San Francisco some years ago. After this she went into dally jour
nalism serving The Call for a long season as a special writer. She journeyed to Hawaii as a special corre
sronVnt fur a San. Francisco paper and to Kansas for a Philadelphia one. The latter expedition was made
when Mrs Nation was at her zenith. Mies Michelson got up at 5 in the morning during an awful blizzard
to accompany that strenuous lady on a smashing raid, being particularly favored with a "tip" to the
exclusion of all other newspaper people. She scooped the newspaper world again by getting an Interview with
Mrs Soffel in the hospital at the little town m Penr.oylvanla where , the Diddle brothers were shot to death.
All this while she was writing dramatic criticism of a very fearless and truth-telling sort for New York
and Philadelphia dailies. The newspaper work finally began to tell on her health, and she went abroad for an
extensive tour. On her return to N -w York she wrote "In the Bishop's Carriage."
Thla novel had Its germ In. a short story published' in Ainslee^ Magazine about a year ago. It attracted
the attention of the Bobbs-Merrili Company, and at its, suggestion was developed and expanded. It is the
nr*t novel Miss Mlchelson has yet publlfihed. Her delightful fantasy in the February McClure's, "Prince
Roseleaf and the Girl from Kansas," se^ms to embody results ot'.hsr visits- to the tomb of Napoleon and the
home of Carrie Nation.- ; , - . .,.>. , , - •
Miss Michelson has a sister who lives in San Francisco and, a brother (Dr. Albert A. Michelson) who Is
head of the department of physics in the University of Chicago. She divides her time accordingly between
California, Illinois and New York. Just at present she is in this city.
SAN FRANCISCO NEWSPAPER WOMAN
WINS SUCCESS WITH HER FIRST BOOK
Mitchell Is a subtle surgeon when he
cares to lay open the heart. Through
out the story he lights up the somber
background of the tragic v/lth quick
flashes of whimsical humor at-rhe ex
pense of the lovers, short and fat, in
Morris Lane, with a skin that burna
with infantile blushes at the least reg
ister of a love thought in his heart;
short and presumably chubby also Is
Betty Farnham, the little lady whose
eyes inspire those blushes, and she has
opinions. In the frolic with fate that
suddenly brings these two loving
hearts together, when they seemed to
be hemispheres apart, there is much
sprightly Interchange of convictions,
philosophic end otherwise. Mitchell
makes sly fun of his ardent lovers
even while humoring them.
The setting chosen for the story is
idyllic. A modern villa at Tivbli, built
eo exactly over the spot where Horace
and Maecenas were wont to disport
themselves In the rare old days of long
ago that ancient pillars support the
walls of the cellar, houses nearby the
entire .plot. With the drunken cherubs
and the -coldly classic statues in the
garden, the marble balustrades, hoary
with centuries, and the yellow stone of
the fountain basin Mitchell makes a
scene more perfect for what it suggests
than what it actually portrays. To
this setting of his the added flavor im
parted by the chosen words of Horace
heading every chapter and the delicate
decoration of classic frieze and carven
wine bowl that reinforces the text
makes for the heightening of the illus
ion. It seems as If the destinies of the
characters In "The Villa Claudia" were
locked in the grasp of ever present
wraiths from the past.
(Life Publishing Company, New
York.) ?
This amphora of rare Falernian
wine that had been buried by the jolly
old Latin poet for "lovers yet un
born." who may some day sip from
its golden heart "the joy of all im
aginings." is the veiled Sibyl of the
story about which cling all the mys
tery and all the delicious "frlS3onne
ment" of fear of the unknown. Per
haps a strict analysis of Mitchell's use
of this jug of old Tibur wine, whose
sweetness is Idiocy or death, will de
clare the artifice somewhat too exag
gerated to be convincing, but under
the woof of the stay, spun so artfully
about this same century crusted wine
jar, no incongruous line is visible. If
we read that a drink from Horace's
amphora may make of the one who
quaffs a senile shell of debauched de
gradation or an unsightly corse, we
are quite ready to take the author's
word for it, so closely does the story
held our keen attention.
pectancy. He is not disappointed.
Even were it not that the decided nov
elty of Mitchell's plot must of itself
compel a catching of the attention
ut full poise, tha delicate humor in his
handling of the^ love thread in the
story and the darkling shadow of tha
classic past that he allows to fall over
his tale, make "The Villa Claudia" a
book with an aroma of pure literary
virtue, as subtle as the perfume that
came from the amphora of old Hor
ace. -
J TNDER the 'title of "The North
f/star" Mrs. M. E. Henry-Ruffln
has written a fanciful tale of Vi
kings old that may commend Itself to
lovers of pure romance. The story
lacks somewhat in coherency and
smoothness of narrative, is choppy and
disjointed in parts, but contains
enough stirring adventure and shed
ding of good Norsk gore to appease the
appetite of the most clamorous thirster
after lore cf the heroic age. The au
thor's story follows the career of the
mythical King Olaf of Norway, one of
the big fighting men of the tenth cen
tury and titular saint of the early
northern church.. From winning the
hand of a good Irish queen at Dublin
through all the hero's long life of dar
ing and adventure the author carries
this Idealized Viking monarch until we
see him in his declining years, an an
chorite on the dreary deserts of Syria.
"Lucky in war, ' unlucky In love,"
seems to be the fate cf this.bewhis
kered son of Thor. for he loses several
wives through the unfortunate Inter-.
When the author started out on his
iriEEion of exposure he believed that
the people were being hoodwinked by
the political bosses and that they were
unaware of the nature of the crime
that was being: perpetrated against
them and against the name of good
government. He went to St. Louis first,
and acting on that supposition he re
vealed the secret springs of corruption
in- his article "Tweed Days at SL
Louis." It was after that that 'he
awoke to the realization of the fact
that the evil lay deeper— that the peo
ple knew and ignored. Then he wrote
"The Shame of Minneapolis" and re
turned to St. Louis to prepare "The
Ehatnelessnes of St. Louis." Philadel
phia he found likewise "corrupt and
contented"; Plttsburg revealed itself a
passive victim of police and financial
corruption; Chicago showed the sparks
of resistance, and New York was the
Vest governed large city In -the United
States under Mayor Seth Low.
After the searching review of all this
sbameloEsness and corruption, Steffens
feels that if he has roused the pride
of the American people he has done his
work to avail. For if pride Is touched,
That this eo-called "big business
man" is only one of a stripe with the
.sodal grafter, the literary grafter, the
man and woman in every walk of life
who uses a "pull" for selfish ends,
Bteffens sets forth in no uncertain man
ner. He says that our modern-day life
has made us a nation of grafters on a
lengthy, graduated scale— grafters all,
from the least to the greatest When
this manifests Itself in government we
call It corruption.
ence between the good work of a
rood journalist and the writing of an
acknowledged litterateur as there is
,b«ween glyptic art and painting. The
journalist does not amuse, he in
etructs; if he can so do in words that
are. live, quick, full of meaning and
well placed, he is a good Journalist.
"The Shame of the Cities" reveals
Steffens es a good journalist. He has
obtained the news and he has set it
jfurth in a style that spaps like the
Fpark In a dynamo. The facts are ail
.picked out with, true journalistic ap
preciation of news values and placed
so that .they strike the reader sudden
ly, completely. It is as if the author
were addressing you and emphasizing
.his statements by sharp blows on the
'table. "The Shame of the Cities"
could be studied with profit by those
•who would know what good "news
paper style" is. i
. 'In his very Introduction Steffens
quite stuns his reader with his vehe
mence c-r condemnation of American
politics. For our failures in self-gov
ernment "no one class is at fault, nor.
any one breed, nor any particular inter
est or group of interests. The misgov
f rnment of the American people is mis
goVernment by the American people."
•Democracy, belays, is impossible, and
corruption inevitable. Our people know
that -they are not getting good govern
ment; know it and are yet content to
fold the hands in philosophic resigna
tion while the boodlers give them what
'they lift. This Is strikingly blunt on
Stiffens' part; It Is likely to wound the
pride of the reader right away, but the::
he will push through the book In venge
ful determination to find out just
wherein the author backs up his claims.
Whea ha has finished he will discover
w.hy It was that Steffens made these
statements and a great deal else will he
2nd revealed to- him as welL
Another strong contention Steffens
malcf in explanation of the seemingly
b«&leuly debauched state of American
XBCslclpal rovernmtnt. It is to the
"b!« business man** that he attributes
the' responsibility for our rotten cities—
t». the "bl* business man" and the great
class of Americans of ' which he is a
representative type.
. "I found him buying boodlers in St.
I*uls. M says Steff em, "defending graft
ers la Minneapolis, originating corrup
tion *ln PittBburs, Bharinjr with bosses
In Philadelphia, deploring reform in
Chicago and beating good government
with corruption fund* in New York. He
Is a self-righteous fraud, this big busi
ness man. He is the chief source of
ctn option, and It were a boon If ho
would neglect politico. But he Is not
the business man that neglects politics;
that worthy is the good citizen, the
typical business man."
¥ I OW our grandmothers would
gjf have marveled if from the dllie
tante heights of gracehoopa and
battlcdoor and shuttlecock they could
have looked down the century and seen
their sweet granddaughters, with bare
and brawny arms, following the ball
from teeing ground to home green or
wrestling in abbreviated gymnasium
tuits upen a padded mat. That girls
are girls nowadays, and no longer deli
cate sylphs in empire gowns, the evi
dence of tennis courts and golf links
attests; add to that the fact that books,
many of them, are being published for
the especial delectation of the athletic
girl, and the shades of our dear grand
mothers raise their hands in shocked
protest. Two books of the last month
are designed for the girl with brawn—
"Golf for Women," by Mrs. Charles T.
Stout, better known as Genevleve Heck
er, and H. Irving Hancock's book on
"Physical Training for Women by
Japanese Methods."
Mrs. Stout is certainly not presump
tuous in setting herself as an authority
upon golf; for two successive years she
held both the national and the metro
politan women's championships; she
has contested with skilled players from
England and demonstrated her mastery
of the game against nearly all of Amer
ica's crack women enthusiasts. Indeed.
It is the author's absorption In the
game and • its fine points that neces
sarily leaves her books somewhat lack
ing in one respect. While devoting all
her knowledge to the exposition of how
drives should be made, what constitutes
a long and what a short game, and how
bunkers and hazards are taken, Mrs.
Stout does not permit herself any great
attention to the discussion of the phy
sical benefits of the game to women,
nor how the girl should regulate her
exercise so as to derive the greatest
benefits from It. She does compensate
for this in a large measure, however,
by warning her fellow aspirants for
golf honors against little failings in the
game, delightfully feminine, such as Im
patience, overeagerness and filghtlness.
A chapter on "Impressions of American
Golf," by Miss Rhona K. Adalr, Eng
lish and Irish champion, brings to a
close a book that is eminently prac
tical, both for the beginner and the
adept.
(The Baker & Taylor Company, New-
York; price $2.) *
_ _
Muscle-Building
for Weaker Sex
sounding brass and the horn blown In
the new moon.
(Little, Brown & Co., Boston; illus
trated; price $1 50.)
mingling of th» haunting spirits
of the dead past anJ the strong reali
ties of the palpitating present as John
Ames Mitchell lias given us In "The
Villa Claudia" bring to the mind of
the reader a sense of refreshment born
of the enjoyment of something so en
tirely unhackneyed and f:ir removed
from the everyday commonplaces of
fiction. When on« p~\s th? nams of
the editor of Life on the cover of this
new novel, the assurance given by th s
recollection of "Amos Judd" and "The
Pines of Lory" lead him to open the
covers with a wholesome sensa of ex-
5 T CIT a delicius blending of come
dy and tragedy, r,o fascinating a
"Villa Claudia''
Is Fine Heading
thr*n "this pride may ue a power in the
land."
(McClure. Phillips & Co.. New York.)
Frank G. Carpenter's "Australia" is
the latest addition to thi3 successful ae
ries of supplementary geographical
readers. It is In no sense a dry com
pilation from other books, but com
prises vivid descriptions of the au
thor's own travels. Mr. Carpenter Is a
•well-known lecturer and journalist, and
the book bear? witness to his trained
pewers of observation and his faculty
cf clear, interesting and picturesque
narration. It describes 'Australia and
the chief islands of the world, laying
special stress upon those which have
become colonies or dependencies of the
United States. The children learn about
the resources of the various islands,
visit their peoples both in city and
country, and observe the wonders of
plant and animal creation. The Illus
trations are numerous and interesting,
consisting largely of reproductions of
photographs taken by the author. Fif
teen colored maps show plainly all the
countries visited. The child of to-day
is Indeed fortunate to have placed in
his hands such a fascinating book as
this to enliven and Illumine tha or
dinarily dry study of geography.
(American Book Company, New
York; price 60c.)
T-J he I?~ hl8t oHcal work of the late
Edward Es-leston. the veteran author
ity and writer upon topics of American
history, appears in the form of a text
book for schools— "The New Century
History of the United States." - Despite
the fact that the author has condensed
his material into the measure of a
school text, a perusal «f the book
brings out at once the high literary
quality of the narrative and the ad
mirable discretion Egs'esion used In
his selection of the salient features in
the immensely varied record of our
country's crowth. Xc.t un!y has the
author presented to the young reader
the political history of the country, but
he has traced out th;> corresponding re
cord of the industrial growth of the
people from the time of the spinning
wheel up to the strident, humming
trade world of the present day. An
appendix, containing brief biographies
of a hundred men prominent in our
history, rounds out th!s eminently sat
isfactory text for grammar grade use.
(American Boo3; Company, New
York; price $1.)
¦
r X *iho introduction to lus book.
!¦ "Thr Khfi:ro of the Cities." Lincoln
- 1 Stiffens announces that U5n coilec
• •_ x:o:i «»r R*nsation:il exposure* of
Rrurt'cipel corruption which ajn
; r - -s»rt-<J in &lcC! lire's Magazine «luving
•Jk- yt-]s i!<';^-iir. .-!nd whkh are here
».;iiIn'Vtd lnl«» a book wore done not
•aft littrutOH*, but ; t .s journalism. More
over, l\>: declares that ho i* u Jour::-»1
i»-t and th»t he yr^nts no other title
.4"oi r »Mnjself nnr other distinction for
T.!s beokJ The articles he wrote, with
i> j u?" use — the iiur;.osr- of making
Amerfctui «.i;ise:is so-? themselves a^
they nu- in matters political. Every
body Iciip ¦•* ¦¦' thr.l when HcCluro's was
Marine e-noutrh — even beyond the s ife
limits or security against action for
libel — to phbllrh these fear'.ers.
etrBjghl-from-the-fcbould'T articles of
Sterrc-r.s. there was created .1 furor
such, perhaps, as hid not since the
<?ays of Nan's caroons against Tweed
jr. Harper's Weekly. Th? ciiics that
had been lashed by Siemens' explosive
Philippics rourc<l themselves in rn ef
fort, to make more presentable their
Bhocfcingiy dirty linen, reaction a?vinst
the rule'cf crafters was set in motion
In more than one of the shamed
municipalities and {?<-»ni bejr*.n to be
done. With this as the manifestation
of what his i>en can do for the right.
.littTe wonder is it that Steffens should
Insist that he is a fonraallst and his
writings journalism. Stelfens has fit
ting respect for the nature of his call
ins:.. . It is for the preparation of just
euch journalists that Joseph Pulitzer
endowed Columbia with a school of
•Journalism.
I Mr. Steffens well says that "The
Shame- of the Cities" is not literature.
1^ Is not. There is as gTeat a differ-
Sis f fens Jhoivs
. - Ahame of Cities
THE SAN FRANCISCO , SUNDAY CALU -
5
FACT AND FICTIONpeculiarly well adapted for use in hot
weather. Stuffed tomatoes, peppers or
cucumbers are excellent dishes for
warm weather. Green peppers^are
good if filled with equal quantities" of
bread crumbs, , tomatoes and corn. Sea
son with salt, pepper and just a trifle
of onion Juice, in order to prevent the
pepper from being too strong. 'Re
move all the seeds and white veins,
which may be done by cutting either
lengthwise or at the ends and scoop
ing all the Inside out.
The" serving ' of fruits of all kinds, in
all combinations, is one of the most
tempting things possible during the
summer season: and any kind can be
put together that will suit the taste
of the family. ,
Fish is to be preferred to meat*dur
ing hot weather, as meat Is more heat
ing to the human system.
Salads are good to be used ; during
this time of year. ¦.¦ Dressed • with • oil,
acid and condiments and . sometimes
honey or sugar, • it -. is a most delicious
and tasty piece of, n'-rlshment. The
dressings , in most ' common use are ; the
French and mayonnaise. -The propor
tions for 4 French : dressing may be
varied to Buit individual taste. TJ»u-
ally equal portions of oil and vinegar
are used. This ' dressing is often used
for green vegetables, also for fruit and
nuts." The mayonnaise dressing i«
largely used for meat, fish, some fruits
and vegetables.
Among the important points to be re
membered in salad making are tha
following: '
Green vegetables should be served
fresh and crisp.
Meat and fish should .be well mari
nated and cold.
The ingredients oomposing the salad
should not be combined until tha last
moment before serving.
Salad making is an art and, al
though one of the most Important
branches of the preparation of food,' it
is less perfectly understood than any
other culinary : operation.
The salad plants are useful for the
mineral matter which they contain, for
the amount ' of water with which they,
supply the 'body, for their cooling and
refreshing properties, and for their
stimulating effect upon the appetite.
Air salad plants should be fresh and
crisp. They should thoroughly
cleansed ¦ of all Impurities and ; left, in
very cold water for a little -while, be
fore being made into a salad, then
carefully drained and dried. < Salads
should ¦ not - be mixed with a dressing
until a little time before ; serving. " ".-"..
I
CCORDINO to Dr. Wiley, chem
f I i«t for the Department of Agri
£| culture, "the devil lurks in the
JL soda water - fountain, and iced
tea is simply suicidal. If persons
would only use precaution there is no
reason why one ¦ should suffer more
with sickness In summer than In win
ter. - A few of the most delicious and
palatable edibles, as well as drinks,
have got a bad reputation as producers
of summer sickness, when, in fact, the
whole trouble is due to the careless
preparation of food and drink and the
too lax law as to inspection.
"The custom of constantly dosing
the stomach on ice cold drinks in sum
mer is simply # suicidal, and turns one's
stomach into a refrigerator. The ex
treme oold contracts the pores through
which the pepsin Is secreted and tends
to congest tha coats of the stomach.
When thirsty In hot weather, one
should drink water at from 60 to 65 de
grees. All water should be sterilized
before using. Drink slowly and all you
want and you will find that wiiter at
this temperature quenches the thirst
much better than iced water." ,
There are certain things, ; however,
In tha way of food and drink which are
By John Morris
What to Eat and Drihk in Hot Weather
"I know It, as I might 'a* killed my
own brother, or my own father. But
don't drag me back to camp." ,
#r What d'ye want ua to do?"
"Ye know what I mean."
He locked steadily - into their eyes ;
they understood, and nodded.
"We will, George,"/ they said, one
after another. • ,
"How, in God's name, have you
lived?" asked the corporal, breaking
the silence that, had suddenly fallen
upon them. His eyea rested on a heap
"Ye killed my brother, George."
His captors looked at him, their
strong faces' solemn, stern, with per
haps a gleam of pity in their eyes.
They saw that he was a helpless crip
ple. His left leg. bandaged with strips
of blue flannel, was as wood to him. It
needed not even a surgeon's eye to see
that he must die.
"Boys." Bald Sparrow, "I was a pret
ty good pal before I took to vino, ye
won't forget that. Don't take ma back
to camp. Give me a square deal. I
can't stand trial. Buck, you and I was
good friends. Do Tjy me as you'd like
to be did by.
"All right, boys. It's worth it. Jest
to sea ye," ha answered calmly, rising
to his feet with some difficulty. , Tha
cat had leaped Into tha adjacent Jun
gle and was gone.
California seized tha rifle that stood
against the- cliff. It Vas Sparrow with
out doubt, or what had been Sparrow.
His gaunt Jaws were covered with
thick beard, his hair was Ions and his
clothes wero tattered. Ha had been
eating & chicken which he held In both
hands.
Tha man at tha fire turned like a
flash, but found thraa gun barrel* l«v
aled at him.
of bones in one corner of tha cteaa
space, and some scattered about tha
bushes. "Who foraged for your*
"The Cub." For tha first time Spar
row showed strong emotion. "Boy*,"
he added, "don't kill tha poor ertttar.
He's got a human soul In him."
They nodded again, At last on* as
them spoka.
"Come on. George, farther «? tba
gulley.**
Sparrow rosa with difficulty. Th«
corporal and Californian each took aa
arm. Buck Taylor leaned against a
rock.
"Boys," he said, "I can't do it— rn
got cold feet, sure."
The two others looked back.
"Stay there. We'll be along dlreot
ly." : :\%
The men, the cripple in the
center, ''went on. and disappeared into
the foliage. Buck sunk down, shiver
ing, and covered his face with his
hands. Minutes passed — ten, fifteen—
then came the double report. His
whole body shook convulsively.
Suddenly he heard a rustling of
leaves overhead. Before he could look
up a heavy body struck him, sharp
teeth and claws were tearing his throat
and shoulders. He fought desperately,
hugged beast to his chest, they
rolled oV^Fand over, and his screams
echoed up the ravine. Then all was
black.
The two soldiers dashed into tha
clearing, then came to a sudden halt.
On the ground lay Buck Taylor, hug
ging the Cub, and both were dead. The
two warriors fled in panic, for ther* la
a limit to courage, even in big. strong
men. '
(Copyright, 1304, by Albert tvaaica
sen.)
The rainy season was coming on
and there was unrest in the air. Noth
ing had occurred for weeks to disturb
the soul-killing monotony of daily
guard mount and drill. It is such an
existence that drives men to drink.
'The mess call had been sounded and
the men gathered about their mess
tins on the broad patio ground, pre
ferring the open air to the mess room.
As usual, they were Jollying one an
other, bandying names that would
have sent the blood of anger to the
cheeks of men who live gentle lives.
The sun was lowering into the fluffy
tops of a bamboo thicket beyond the
houses on the other side of the plaza.
"Where's Sparrow?" shouted Buck
Taylor. "Any of you fellows seen
him around since mornin'? Must be off
on one of his Jags."
"I saw the lopsided galoot down't
Acosta's shop, Euckin' out of a vino
flask," vounteered Rob, brother to
Buck.
"Wai,** commented the Callfomlan
lazily, "hope he finds a soft spot to
lay down on. Here's his blamed old
"You bet — me. too."
Sparrow held out his forefinger, and
tha cub closed his white teeth about
it loriaglr.
"They don't Kka ye, cub," ha said,
affectionately, "'cause ye snore when
ye sleep an' y* don't look pretty, but
I'll stand by ye anyhow — that* s what"
The cat rose to a sitting posture and
looked patronizingly at his friend.
Then he seemed to wink a wink that
said plainly:
"Ef he keeps on growin* that way.**
commented a big California back
woodsman, "he won't be no cat — he'll
be a b'ar. When he gets big enough
about the body to fit them paws, It'll
be about the time I'd rather see him
take to the woods."
"That's so," admitted Buck Taylor,
a huge Tennesseean. "He's got to have
some virtues. Every critter born has.
He ain't handsome, he ain't useful, he
tint got no morals, 'cause If he hod
he wouldn't a' chummed up with you
when he did. So he's got one virtue—
he's eelf-aupportin'."
"Blcesed if I know," he responded.
"Somebody what was too kindhearted
to drown it must have taken advan
tage of my state to get rid of it."
That was all the history there was
to Srmrrow's cat. When he came out
of the guardhouse it came with him,
and it grew bigger and uglier, and still
its paws were too big. Unlike most
kittens, it was clumsy and heavy, and
they called it the cat cub, and later
the cub. It spent the daytime curled
up on Sparrow's cot. and Its purr
filled the barrack room. At night it
disappeared, but regularly at dawn it
showed up again. The beast seemed
never hungry, and sometimes there
were red doU about Its Jowls, redder
even than Its red, scraggy fur.
• "Blessed If I don't like him, after
all/* remarked Sparrow one day, as the
cub turned disdainfully from a piece
of tinned army salmon. "He don't like
our grub, so he gets out and hustles
fer aomethln' he does like. Thet's the
kind o' spirit I admire."
Sparrow's watery eyes looked down
at the bundle of scraggy fur rolling
playfully at his feet.
Spa.rro%v was taken up to San Ra
mon under guard, but they could not
get the red and yellow kitten away
from him. Where he had found the
animal nobody could guess, but young
as the small beast was, its mangy fur
and chewed looking ears gave it the
disreputable air of a fit companion to
Private Sparrow.
This time the captain said, "One
week in the guardhouse." It was a
light sentence and Sparrow took it
with a melancholy meekness.
"Where'd you hook on to the kit
ten ?" asked the sergeant of the guard.
"Looks big enough to be a full-grown
cat, only she's got cub paws. Where'd
you find him?"
On one of his periodical jamborees
Sparrow disappeared for three days.
Then they heard that he had been
found by a patrol down in Vigan, on
the coast. Uc was walking up the main
street when they discovered him,
swinging his right arm with an imagin
ary sabre in his hand, and yelling, at
the top of his lungs, a challenge to all
the insurgent armies then In Luzon to
come out and see what he could do
singh handed. A crowd of admiring
and awp-inspired native boys followed.
In his left arm, against his side, he
carried a kitten — a red and yellow
striped, bob-Uiiled kitten.
•* y OBODY will deny that Private
f\( George Sparrow was a drunken
I \l beast. Send a man to the Phil
\^ Ippints who has a natural taste
'for firewater and you send him to his
finish. Not that the Filipinos will
tench him drunkenness— you never see
them drunk— but they distill the juice
of the nipa palm and call it vino. They
only sip this beverage, but it is not
given that the descendants of the old
becr-drluking Saxons and Danes shall
tip. Not when the fighting blood of
their ancestors has been made hot
within them by a year's active war.
Thus It was that In those days, there
being no beer in San Ramon, the men
of Company C. which took and gar
risoned the town, drank vino, not from
th»» thimblc-i-ized glasses of the natives,
bat from tumblers and cocoanut shells,
and the natives looked on in wonder
and said "malo." And the most in
tempfratc cf them all was George
Sparrow, who put his mouth straight
to the neck of the bottle, and could
empty a Quarter at one swallow.
This was the worst that could be
said of George Sparrow. When he let
drink al'.ne there was not a better sol
dier Dor a finer comrade In all the
army. He had a splendid record pre
'viouss to the company's coming to the
small mountain town of San Ramon,
and that was why the post commander
overlooked as much as he possibly
could.
A gun stock came down like a club".
There was a fierce yowl, a hiss, and
the creature shot up and out Into the
darkness. The men, quivering with
terror, carried In their fallen com
rades.
Then began the watch, with an occa
sional shot from the tower. Through
the darkness they heard Sparrow rav
ing, calling them all, from the captain
down, sons of things unclean, and he
challenged all men who wore blue or
khaki to mortal combat and said things
that made strong men shudder.
At about midnight the captain was
called down by the rattle of renewed
firing.
"Sparrow's gone," reported the first
lieutenant. "Made a break— shot Cor
poral Walcott badly — and got away In
the darkness." •
This was true. When daylight came
the belfry was empty, the door wide
open. The murderer had escaped,
leaving . three victims behind, two dead
and one wounded. Later In the day a
native came In and reported having
seen the fugitive making for the pass,
and evidently wounded, for his clothes
were bloody. Men who had trailed red
Indians failed to find Sparrow— the
Jungle swallowed him upX
"My God! the cat! Kill It— it's his!"
Another yell, and they saw him level
his piece. The men broke for quarters,
but not before one had fallen almost
over the dead Tennesseean. Soon they
were opening: a fusillade on the belfry
tower, but the madman sheltered him
self skillfully. Darkness came on and
the shooting ceased.
The captain appeared and posted
guards at various points around tha
belfry, with orders not to fire unless
Sparrow tried to escape. Then he de
tailed four men to remove the dead.
They moved cautiously out Into the
patio. By the starlight they could see
the body' of Rob Taylor, even the dark
pool beside him.
"What's that?" gasped one of the
detail. r. v^
"Come on, ye white-blooded coy
otes!" he yelled. "Come on! I'll lick
the whole damned lot of ye! Sparrow's
W name— that's me, you snub-muz
zled carabaos. Let the whole damned
army come, an' I'll give It the only
scrap it's ever had In this blasted
country!"
Two men had jumped to the pros
trate figure of Rob Taylor. The rest
rose and stood in a dazed stupor, not
moving. The deed had been so sud
den that none realized its significance.
The first lieutenant came hurrying
across the plaza from headquarters.
"What's the row?" he shouted, as he
reached the still stupefied men. "Any
body been fooling with firecrackers?
What In the name of God does this
mean?" he was staring at the dead
man.
"Sparrow shot him, / sir," said the
first sergeant, saluting.
" A shout came from the top of the
belfry- It was Sparrow, his gun In
one hand, his other waving the am
munition belt.
But Sparrow went on unheeding,
until he had disappeared into the main
entrance to the barracks. >
• "What's that cussed fool got Into his
head now?" growled the third ser
geant, sourly. "Run along, some one,
an' see't he doesn't fool with matches."
Rob Taylor rose and made for the
sleeping quarters. He had gdne half
way when Sparrow reappeared, this
time with an ammunition belt swung
over his arm and a Krag rifle In both
hands. As he saw Taylor coming to
ward him he raised the gun and shout
ed:
"Stand back, ye white-livered hoss
thief!"
Taylor still advanced, his hands
raised, palms outward.
"Stand!" yelled Sparrow. There
was a spurt of flame, a cough of
sparks, a sharp report, and Taylor
dropped to a kneeling posture, then on
all fours and finally rolled over on his
side. With a wild, exultant yell the
crazed homicide dashed down across
the patio to the solitary church belfry
that stood to the rear of the church.
The door was open; he dashed in and
slammed It to. r ';>'
"Go lay down, you i half-boiled lob
ster," came from the Montana cor
poral. "There's yer cat a* meowin* for
ye— go pet it."
Sparrow turned and walked toward
quarters. His gait was "perfectly
steady.
"Come yere," shouted the Califor
nian. "Yere's yes carabao meat await
in' fer ye."
Sparrow seemed not to hear, but
stood turning doggedly by jerks, like
a bull teased by the picadors.
"Sparrow," commented Buck Tay
lor, with blase frankness, "ye look as
nasty as a dog-gonned hoss thief an'
mean enough to steal fleas from a dog.
Go lay down an* we'll bring you some
chow when ye look more pretty."
•'Fellers," said Sparrow, thickly.
"I've Just heard there's some goo
goos a-campin' up th' mountain, an'
I am a-coin' to bring 'em In in sets o 1
fours. Where's my Krag?"
The men could see the big, blue
shlrted figure come swinging across
the plaza, his campaign hat shoved
back from the handsome, red flushed
face. Sparrow came heavily up the
gravel walk, and his sandy mustache
drooped with sinister significance.
"Hello," he said, mc-ociiy, looking
darkly about among the groups of
eating men. "Did any of you brass
buttoned veterans have the decancy to
lay holt o' my rations?"
"Naw," "drawled the Californian,
shoving Sparrow's full mess tin be
hind him, "we jest reckoned you'd be
too full o' vino to go dog biscuit an*
carabao meat, so we jest naturally
hooked onto your whack for our
selves."
"Reckon that's him a comin' now,"
announced a Montana corporal, "an'
from the swing of his gait, I should
say he wasn't loaded mor'n . Jus'
enough to be nasty."
cat— why don't the critter go an' look
after him?" '
A black cavity In the rock; appeared
above the thick underbrush. They
rose cautiously and looked. At the
mouth of the cave sat a man, bending
over a small fire, giving *orth hardly
any smoke. Beside him crouched a
huge red and yellow cat. Its ears
pricked up. Its eyes toward the brush
In which the three men were hid.
"What's the matter. Cub?" said a
voice.
"Now," whispered the corporal, "up
at him."
The three men sprang: up and
dashed toward the cave mouth.
"Hands up, Sparrow, we've got y»
dead to rights!" they shouted.
It was still two hours before dusk
when three men left the town and
struck the trail up the mountain —
three stalwart sons of pioneers, who
knew -a trail in a tropical Jungle as
well .as In an American forest. For
half an hour they pushed on In single
file, the Montanan leading, their
heavy army shoes as noiseless as the
barefoot tread of natives. Each man
had his Krag slung through the crook
of hl3 left arm, as hunters, not sol
diers, carry guns. Finally they reach
ed a ravine which led squarely Into
the mountain side. The foliage wai
bo thick that It hid the light abova.'
Ahead was solid rock.
"Yere's where I saw him," whis
pered the corporal. "There's a hole
straight ahead." '.
The corporal dropped beside Buck
Taylor and as he "spoke rapidly in a
low whisper the other's face turned
as white as his § companion's. Then
there came a sharp snap of his jaw,
the two men rose and walked toward
the barracks. They met the Califor
nian on the veranda.
"I have. Buck, or something as bad.
I've got something to tell ye that'll
make you hair curl.; Listen!".
"What's up. Jack?" asked the man
from Tennessee.! "Look's thoughyou'd
seen the devil."
Over hi3 head on a limb appeared
a big creature and it had the body of
a tiger, but the head of a man. And
the head leered and grinned and
winked a huge green eye and from its
mouth protruded v long, yellow fangs.
Then the face changed and the cor
poral struggled v spasmodically , to
scream, for the face was the living
image of George Sparrow. With a
yell the soldier sat up. A reddish ob
ject shot from a lin(b to the ground —
a huge, gaunt cat, with a bird's wings
fluttering from its' whiskered jowls. It
bounded off into a thicket. In a sec
ond the corporal was after it, his re
volver drawn, ready for use. And the
thicket of tropical foliage closed over
him, too, as it had done with the cat.
Ten minutes passed, then twenty.
The corporal reappeared, his gun in
its holster, but his face white, his
colorless lips apart. His eyes were un
naturally brilliant. He quickly glided
down the trail toward the village Into
the first street,' into the plaza, across
to the barracks. He found Buck Tay
lor oiling his gun in the shade of the
belfry tower. _ . • .
Seven weeks had passed since Spar
row's last jamboree, and the affair was
beginning to be dropped from daily
mess conversation, when one after
noon the Montana corporal took a
stroll out into the near-by jungle and
fell sleep under, a big mango tree and
he thought he dreamed a. strange
dream.
One day a pink-eyed, flaxen-haired
naturalist came up from Vigan with a
letter from General Young and a de
sire to study the country. It was he
who announced the startling fact that
he had discovered a new species of
panther, whose fur was red and yel
low. He offered a reward of 550 to
whosoever would bring him in a speci
men.^ ¦ .
A reward was offered* for him, dead
or alive. A week later two native!
brought in an object in a sack and
collected the reward. Private Spar
row, of Company C, was officially re
ported dead.
Meanwhile, the cub had also disap
peared, and natives came In with stor
ies of seeing a wild beast in the jungle
that resembled a cat, but, was twice
that size, and It preyed on chickens
and ducks, and had even carried off a
young goat. Some said that the crea
ture was as large as a wolf, and as
the weeks .went by these stories be
came more numerous.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
CUB: THE STORY OF A CAT
6Next evening the strikers, through
some mysterious channel, got word that
the flier was expected. About 9 o'clock
a crowd of them began to gather round
the depot.
It was after 1 o'clock when No. 1
pulled in and the foreman of the
Omaha roundhouse swung down from
the locomotive cab. The strikers clus
tered around the engine like a swarm
of angry bees, *but that night, though
there was plenty of jeering, there was
no actual violence. When ther saw
Neighbor climb into the cab to take
the run west there was a sullen si
lence: ! ¦
Next day a committee of strikers,
with Andy Cameron, very cavalier, at
their head, called on me.
"Mr. Reed," said ' he, officiously,
"we've come to notify you not to run
any more trains through here till
this strike's settled. The boys won't
stand It; that's alL" With that he
turned on his heel to leave with
his following.
"Hold on. Cameron." I replied,
raising my hand as I -'•spoke, "that's
not quite all. I suppo*3 you men
represent your grievance committee ?"
"Yes, sir."
"I happen to represent, in the su
perintendent's absence, the manage
ment of this road. I simply want
to say to you, and to your committee,
that I take my orders 'from the presi
dent and the general manager — not
from you nor anybody you represent.
That's all."
Every hour the bitterness increased.
We got a few trains through, but we
were terribly crippled. As for freight,
we made no pretense of moving it.
Trainloads of fruit and meat rotted in
the yards. Tha strikers grew more
turbulent daily. They beat our new
men and crippled our locomotives.
Then our troubles with the new men
were almost as bad. They burned
out our crown sheets, they got mixed
up on orders all the time. They ran
into open switches and into one an
other continually, and had us very
nearly crazy.
I kept tab on one of the new engineers
for a week. He began by backing into
a diner so hard that he smashed every
dish in the car, and ended by, running
into a siding a few days later and set
ting two tanks of oil on fire that burned
up a freight depot. I figured he cost us
$40,000 the week he ran.. Then he went
back selling windmills.
After this experience I was sitting in
my office one evening, when a youngish
fellow in a slouch hat opened the door
and stuck his head in.
"What do you want? " I growled.
"Are you Mr. Reed?"
"What do you want?"
'1 want to speak to Mr. Reed."
"Well, what is It?"
"Are you Mr. Reed?"
"Confound you, yes! What do you
want?"
"Me? I don't want anything. I'm
just asking, that's all."
His impudence staggered me so that
I took my feet off the desk.
"Heard you were looking for men,"
he added;
"No," J snapped. "I don't want any
men."
"Wouldn't be any show to get on an
engine, would there?"
A week earlier I should have risen
and fallen on his neck. But there had
been others.
"There's a show to get your head
broke," I suggested.
"I don't mind that, If I get my time."
"What do you know about running
an engine?"
"Run one three years."
"On a threshing machine?" •
"On the Philadelphis and Reading."
"Who eent you In here?"
"Just dropped In."
"Sit down."
I eyed him sharply as he dropped
into a chair.
"When did vou quit the Philadelphia
¦ and Reading?"
"About Bix «nonths ago." ,
I began to get interested. After a
few more questions I took him into the
superintendent's office. But- at the
door I thought It well to drop a hint
"Look here, my friend, if you're a
spy you'd better keep out of this. This
mar. would wring your neck as qulcK
as he'd suck an orange. See?"
"Let's tackle him, anyhow," replied
at flood and blood.
"You don't think much of this
etrtke. do you. Mr. Reed?" said Andy
to me one night
* "Don't think there's going to be
any, Andy."
He laughed knowingly.
• m ""What actual grievance have the
*boys?" I asked.
. "The trouble's on the East End," he
•replied evasively. *
. "Is that any reason for calling a
thousand men out on this end?"
"If one goes out. they all go."
".Would you go out?**
"Would I? You bet!"
"A man with a home and a wife
ar/d a baby boy like yours ought to
have more Fonse."
Getting up to leave, he laughed
. again confidently. "That's all right.
*' V.'e'Il bring: you fellows to terms."
"ilnybe," I retorted as he closed
• Ihe door. But I hadn't the slightest
idea they would begin the attempt
that night. I was at home and sound
asleep when the caller tapped on my
•• window. I threw up the sash; It was
pouring rain and dark as a pocket.
"What is it. Barney? A wreck?"
. I exclaimed.
"Worse than that Everything's
. tied up."
"What do you teean?"
"The engineers have struck."
"Struck? What time Is It?"
"Half past 3. They went out at 3
o'clock."
Throwing on my clothes, I floun
dered behind Barney's lantern to the
depot The superintendent was al
ready In his office talking to the mas
ter mechanic.
Bulletins came in every few minutes
from various points announcing trains
tiedup. Before long we began to hear
from the East End. Chicago reported
ell engineers out; Omaha wired, no
trains moving. When the sun rose
that morr.lng our entire system, ex
tending through seven States and Ter
ritories, was absolt^ely paralyzed.
It was a.n astounding situation, but
one that must be met It meant either
• ignominious surrender to the en
gineers or a fight to the death. For
our part, we had only to wait for or
ders. It was Just 6 o'clock when the
chief train dispatcher, who was tap
• piog at a key, said:
• "Here's something from headquar
ters."
' We crowd*4 close around him. His
.pen flew ecross the clip; the message
was addressed to all division superin
tendents. It was short but at the end
of ft he wrote a name we rarely saw In
'our office. It was that of the railroad
magnate we knew as "the old man,"
the president of the system, and his
words were few:
"Move the trains."
. •¦"Move the trains," repeated the eu
. perintendent. "Yes, but trains can't be
. xroved by pinchbars nor by main
torce."
We spent the day arguing with the
..strikers. They were friendly, but firm.
Persuasion, entreaties, threats we ex
¦ hjuisted, and ended just where we be
gan, except that we had lost our tem
- pt-rs. The sun set without the turn of a
wheel. The victory of the first day was
certainly with the strikers.
Next day it looked pretty blue around
• the depot. Not a car was moved; the
• engineers and firemen were a unit.
• "But the wires sung hard all that day
and all that night. Just before mid
• -night Cbicago vdred that No. 1 — our
h!g passenger train, the Denver flier—,
' had started out on time, with the su
. .#erintendent of motive power as en
gineer and a wiper for fireman. The
•message came from the second vice
president He promised to deliver the
train to our division on time the next
ei-ening, and he asked. "Can you get it
tfcrough to Denver?"
• We looked at each other. At last all
eyes gravitated toward . Neighbor, our
piaster mechanic
•" The train dispatcher was waiting.
"What shall I say?" he asked.
•• The division chief of the motive pow
er was a tremendously big Irishman,
• with a voice like a fos horn. Without
. aalnstant's hesitation the answer came
Every one of us started. It was
throwing the gage of battle. Our word
had gone out; the division was pledged;
' the fight was on.
when Andy Cameron and Bat" Nichol
son sprang up into the cab I saw we
were in for trouble.
"Look hera, partner," exclaimed
Cameron, laying a heavy hand on Fo
ley's shoulder; '"you don't want to take
this train out do you? You wouldn't
beat honest workingmen ' out of a
job?" »
"I'm hot beating anybody out of a
job. If you want to take out this
train, take it out. If you don't, get
out of this cab."
Cameron was nonplused. Nichol
son, a surly brute, raised his fist men
acingly., ¦
•"See here, boss," he growled, "we
won't stand for no scabs on this line."
. "Get out of this cab."
; "I'll promise you you'll never get
out of it alive, my buck, if you ever
get I Into It again," cried Cameron,
swinging down. Nicholson followed,
muttering angrily. I hoped we were
out of the scrape, but, to my con
sternation, Foley, picking up his oil
can, got right down and began filling
his cups without the least attention
to anybody.
Nicholson sprang on him like a
tiger. The onslaught .was so sudden'
that they had him under their feet in
a minute. I jumped down, and Ben,
•Buckley, the conductor, -came running
.up. Between us we gave the little
fellow a life. He squirmed out like a,
cat- and backed, instantly up against
the;tender.
.'"One at a time, and come . on," he
.cried hotly. "If It's ten to one, and oh
"a -man's back ; at that we'll do' It dif
ferent" it' With a quick, , peculiar 1
movement of his arm he drew a pistol, 1
and, pointing it squarely at Cameron,
;cried, "Get | back!" - » p; ., i%
" : ; I •: caught a flash of _ his \ eye \ through .
the blood that streamed down his face. -;
I wouldn't have given a~ swltchkey for
the life of the man that crowded him
at that minute. But j just then Lan
caster came up and before the crowd
realized it we had Foley, protesting
train.
"Not with that car of butter. If
you hold that butter another week it
will climb a hill without any engine."
"Can you handle a passenger
train?"
"I cuess so." ; •
"i'm 'going to send you "west on No.
1 to-night"
"Then you'll have to give me a fire
man. . That guy, you sent out . last
night' is a llghtning : rod . peddler. The
dispatcher threw most of the coal." •
"I'll go with 1 you myself, Foley. I can
give you*"steam. ' Can^you' stand it to
double ib'ack : to-night ?"'
"I can stand it if you can."
When I "walked Into the roundhouse
In the evening: with" a pair of overalls
on Foley ;Y/as in the cab getting ready
for -the .run. v .»' ...
Neighbor . brought tne ' flier In from
the East- As soon , as he had uncou-,
pled and got out ofjthe way we back
ed'down with the '448. : It, was the
best engine we had- left and, luckily
for my back, an easy steamer. Just
as we coupled to the mail . car . a
crowd of strikers swarmed out of the
dusk. They were in an ugly mood and
the fellow, eying me coolly.
1 introduced him to Mr. Lancaster,
and left them together. Pretty soon
the superintendent came into my office.
"What do yoju make of him. Reed?"
said he.
"What do you make of him?"
Lancaster studied a minute.
"Take him over to the roundhouse
and see what he knows." #
I walked over with the new find,
chatting warily. When we reached a
live engine I told him to look it over.
He threw off his coat, picked up a
piece of waste and swung into the cab.
"Run her out to the switch," said I,
stepping up myself. ft
He pinched the throttle and we
steamed Blowlv out of the house. A
minute showed he was at home on an
engine.
"Can you handle It?" I asked, as he
shut off after backing down to the
roundhouse.
"You use soft coal," he replied, try-
Ing the injector. Tm used to hard.
This injector is new to me. Guess I
can work it, though." •
"What did you say your name was?"
.."I didn't say."
"What is it?" X asked, curtly.
"Foley." . ,
•'_ "Well, Foley, if you have as much
sense as you have' gall you ought to
get along. If , you act straight, you'll
never want a job again as long as you
live. If you don't, you "won't want to
live very long."
"Got any tobacco?" .
"Here, Baxter," said I, turning- to
the roundhouse foreman, "this is Foley.
Give him a chew and mark him up to
He reached for the whistle and gave
the long, warning screams. I set the
bell-ringer and stooped to open the fur
nace door to cool the fire, when— chug!
I "flew up against the water gauges
like a coupling pin. The monster engine
reared up on her head. Scrambling to
my feet, I saw the new man clutching
the air lever with both hands, and
every wheel on the train was screech
ing. I jumped to his side and looked
over his shoulder. On the crossing
just ahead a big white horse, dragging
a buggy, plunged and reared frantic
ally. Standing on the buggy seat a
baby boy clung bewildered to the lazy
back; not another soul In sight All at
once the horse swerved sharply back;
the buggy lurched half over; the lines
seemed to be caught around one wheel.
The little fellow clung on; but the crazy
horse, instead of running, began a
hornpipe right between the deadly rails.
I looked at Foley in despair. From
the monstrous quivering leaps of the
great engine, I knew the drivers were
in the clutch of the mighty air brake;
but the resistless momentum of the
train was none the less .sweeping us
down at deadly speed on the baby. Be
tween the two tremendous forces the
locomotive shivered like a gigantic
beast I shrank back In horror; but the
little man at 'the throttle, throwing the
last ounce, of air on the burning wheels,
leaped from his box with a face trans
figured.
"Take her!" he cried, and, never
shifting his eyes from the cut he shot'
out through -his open -window and
darted like a cat along the running
board to the front
Not a hundred feet separated us
from the crossing. I could see the"
baby's curls blowing in the wind. The
horse suddenly leaped from across the
track to : the side of it; that left the
buggy, quartering with the . rails, but
not 1 twelve Inches clear. ¦ The way thef
-wheels were cramped a single step
ahead would throw the hind wheels
[ into the train : : a step backward
would shove the front wheels Into It
It was appalling. '
Foley, clinging with one hand In a
headlight bracket dropped down on
the steamchest and swung far out As
the cow-catcher shot past Foley's long
arm dipped into the buggy like the
angrily, back in the cab again.
"For heaven's sake, pull out of this
before there's bloodshed, Foley," I
cried, and, nodding to Buckley, Foley
opened the chocker.
It was a night run and a new track
to him. I tried to fire and pilot both,
but after Foley suggested once or
twice that if I would tend to the coal
he would tend to the curves, I let him
find them and he found them all,
I thought, before we got to Athens.
He took big chances in his running,
but there was a superb confidence in
his bursts of sneed which marked the
¦fast runner and the experienced one.
• At Athens we had barely two hours
to rest before doubling back. I was
never tired in my life till I struck the
pillow that night, but before I got it
warm the caller routed me out again.
The east-bound flier was on time, or
nearly so, and when I got Into the cab
fo» the run back Foley was just coup
ling oh.
"Did' you get a nap?" I asked as we
pulled out.
"No; we slipped an eccentric coming
up and I've been under the engine ever
since. Say, she's a bird, isn't she? She's
all right. I couldn't run her coming up,
but I've touched up her valve motion a
bit, and I'll get acquainted on her as
soon as it's daylight."
"Don't mind getting action on my
account Foley. I'm shy on, life insur
ance."
He laughed.
"Yftu're safe with me. I never killed
man, woman or child in my life. When
I do, I quit the cab. Give her plenty of
diamonds. If you please," he added,
letting her out full.
Day broke ahead, and between
breaths I caught the glory of a sunrise
on the plains from a locomotive cab
window. When the smoke of the Mc-
Cloud shops stained the horizon, re
membering the ugly threats of the
strikers, I left my seat to speak to
.Foley.
"I think you'd better swing oft when
you slow up for the yards and cut
across to the roundhouse," I cried, get
ting close to his ear, for we were on
terrific speed. "In that way you won't
run into Cameron and his crowd at the
depot," I added. "I can stop her all
right."
He didn't take his eyes off the track.
"I'll take the train to the platform,"
said he.
"Isn't that * crossing cut ahead?"
he added, suddenly, as we swung
round a fill west of town.
"Yes, and a bad one."
"Then you know what this means,"
said Andy, huskily, putting out his
hand to Foley. , He gripped the little
man's fist hard, and, turning, walked
away through the crowd.
Somehow it put a damper on .th»
boys. Bat Nicholson was about the
only man left who looked as if he
wanted to eat somebody, and Foley,
slinging his blouse over his shoulder,
walked up to Bat and tapped him on
the shoulder. ' '
"Stranger," " said he, gently, "could
you oblige me with a chew of tobacco?"
Bat glared at him an Instant, brut
Foley's nerve won.
Flushing a bit, Bat stuck his hand
into his pocket; took it out; felt hur
riedly in the other pocket, and, with
some confusion, acknowledged he was
short" Felix Kennedy intervened with
a slab -and the- three men fell at once
to talking about the accident
A long time afterward some- of tha
striking engineers were taken back,
but none of those who had been guilty
of actual violence. This barred Andy
Cameron! who, though not worse than
many others, had been leas prudent;
and while we all felt sorry for him
after 'the other boys had gone to work.
Lancaster repeatedly and positively re
fused to reinstate him.
Several times, though. I saw Foley
and Cameron In confab, and one day
up came Foley to the superintendent's
office, leading little Andy, in his over
alls, by the hand. They ' went Into
Lancaster's* office together, and the
door was shut a long time.
When they came out little Andy had
a piece of paper in hia hand. "Hang on
to it' son," cautioned Foley; "but you
can show It to Mr. Reed If you want
to."; . /.v-
The youngster, handed me the paper.
It was an order' directing Andrew
Cameron to report to the master" me
chanic for service in the morning.
I happened over at the roundhouse
one day nearly a year later, when
Foley was showing Cameron a new
engine, Just in from the East The
two men were become great cronies;
that day they fell to talking over the
strike. ,
"There was never but one thing I
really laid up against this man," said
Cameron* to me.
"What's that? 1 *" *
"Why, the way you shoved that pis
tol into mv face the first night" you
took out No. 1."
. "I never shoved any pistol Into your
face." So saying. 'he stuck his hand
Into hl3 pocket with the Identical mo
tion he used the night of the strike.
and leveled at Andy, just a3 he had
done — a plug of tobacco. "That's all
I ever pulled on you, son; I never car
ried a pistol in my life."
Cameron looked at him, then he
turned to me, with a«tired expression:
"I've seen a good many men, with
a good many kinds of nerve, but . I'll
be splintered If I ever saw any. 'one
with all kinds of r.erve till I struck
Foley.**
"Mate," he stammered, "you've been
through a strike 1 yourself— you know
what it nreana, don't you? But if
you've «ot a baby — " he gripped the
boy tighter to his shoulder.
"I have, partner; three of 'em."
The sweat stood out on the. biff en
gineer's forehead like dew. I told the
story. Cameron tried to speak, but he
tried again and again before he could
find his voice.
The instant the youngster caught
sight of his parent he set up a yell.
Foley, laughing, passed him Into his
astonished father's arms before the lat
ter could say a word. Just .{hen a boy,
running and squeezing through the
crowd, cried to Cameron that his horse
had run away from the hou3e with the
baby in the buggy, and that Mrs. Cam
eron was having a fit
Cameron stood like one daft, and the
boy, catching sight, of the baby that
instant, panted and stared in an idiotic
state.
"Andy," said I, getting down and
laying a han,d on his shoulder, "if these
fellows wane to kill this man, let them
do it alone — you'd better keep out. Only
this minute he has. saved your boy's
in-. . ¦
In fact, mighty glad, as Foley ex
pressed it, when we pulled up at the
depot, and I saw Andy Cameron, with
a wicked look, pushing to the front
through the threatening crowd. With
an ugly growl he made for Foley.
"I've got business with you — you— "
"I've trot a little with you. son." re
torted Foley. stepping leisurely down
from the cab. "I struck a buggy back
here at the first cut, and I hear it was
yours."
Cameron's eyes began to bulge. "I
guess the outfit's, damaged some — all
but the boy. Here, kid." he added,
turning for me to hand him the-child,
"here's your dad."
Thinking he would take the engine
again, I tried to take the baby. Tako
it? Well, I think not.
."Hi! there, buster!" shouted the
little engineer. wildly, "that's a cork
ing pair of breeches on you. son. I
caught the kid right by the seat of the
pants," he called 6ver to ma, laughing
hysterically. "Heavens', little man,
I wouldn't have struck you for all tho
gold In Alaska. I've got a chunk of
a boy in Reading as much like him as
a twin brother. What were you do
ing all alone in that buggy? Whose
kid do you suppose it is? What's your
name, son 7"
At this question I looked at tho
child again — and I started. I had
certainly seen him before; and, had
I not his father's features were too
well stamped on the childish fac« for
me to be mistaken.*
"Foley." I cried, all amaze, "that's
Cameron's boy— little Andy!"
He tossed the baby higher; h«
looked tho happier: he shouted the
louder.
"The deuce it is! Well, ron, I'm
mighty glad of It" ; And I certainly
was glad.
sweep of a connecting-rod and caught
the boy by the breeches. Tha Impetus
of our speed threw the child in the
air, but Foley's grip was^on the over
alls, and .'ax* the youngster bounded
back he caught It close.* J'jsaw the
horse give or leap. It sent." the hind
wheels into the corner of the baggage
car. There was a crash like the re
port of a hundred rifles and the buggy
flew into the air. The big horse was
thrown fifty feet; but Foley. with a
great light in his eyes and the baby
boy in his arms, crawled laughing
into the cab.
•'* t r^ HERE had been rumors all
•1 * winter that the engineers were
• *'l 5°!ng to strike. Certainly tre of
X the operating department had
'" - V • warning <i5«ygb. Yet In rullroad
life there is always friction la some
•quarter; the railroad man sleeps like
the soMler. with an ear alert — but
Jtlst t*re same he sleeps, for with wak
ftiff coniss duty.
bne of the best men we had on a
locomotive was Andrew Cameron; at
c rho rsmc time he was one of the hard
est to musafre, because he young
:in<l heaJftrons. Andy, a big. power
ful fellow, ran opposite Felix Kennedy
on • the flier. The fast runs require
yAur.g men. If you will notice you
*•• will rarely see an old engineer on a
"fast passenger run; even a young man
can stand only a few years of that
Jcind of work. High speed on a loco
; motive is a question of nerve and en
durance — to put it bluntly, a question
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALH
7
go out on 77 to-night If he monkeys
with anything: around the .house, kllJ
him." , ' - ; •
! Baxter looked at . Foley, and Foley.
looked at Baxter; and Baxter hvas not
getting the tobacco out quick enough,
Foley reminded him he was waiting.
We didn't pretend to run freights,
but I concluded to try the fellow on
one, feeling sure that if he was crooked
he would ditch it and skip.
So Foley ran a long string of empties
and a car or two of rotten oranges
down to Harvard Junction that night,
with one of the dispatchers for pilot
Under my orders they had a train made
up at the junction to bring back to
McCloud. They had picked up all the
strays in the yards, including half a
dozen cars of meat that the local Board
of Health had condemned after it had
laid out in the sun for, two weeks, and
a car of butter we had been shifting
around ever since the beginning of the
strike.
When the strikers saw the stuff com
ing in next morning. behind Foley they
concluded I had gone crazy. ¦.,-:¦;•
"What do you think of the track,
Foley?" said I.
» . "Fair," he replied, sitting down on
my desk; ."Stiff hill down there by
Zanesville."
"Any trouble to climb it?" I asked,
for I had purposely given him a h«mr
THE NERVE OF FOLEY.no_textno_textOf all the foreign-born population in
the United States, 52.9 per cent are of
the English-Teutonic stock, and 20.9
are Celts. Thus, practically three
fourths of the foreign born in the
United States are of English-Teutonic
and Celtic stocks.
the summer time It Is a hard-hearted
photographer, who does not provide ice-,
cream soda. And there are times when
cocktails and candy are offered to those
who will partake*!,. :••_¦•¦ v ; ''
"The draped model of the studio be
longs to a very nice class of girls. She
is, • as a ; rule, entirely. . self-supporting,
and though poor, she lives on what she
earns, realizing that. her face and, he£
fair f ame ' are her entire ' fortune^* * ¦'¦¦-¦
'"There may be < temptations open to
the photographic model, but she is too
busy, a girl to care for them. Often she
is too engrossed to know what they are.
She; minds her business and lets the
chappies alone.
"Are the chappies after her?' Well,
I should "say- so. They offer me any
sum to let them come to the studio
"Is there any way for a girl to be
come a model? Certainly. Let her
take stock of herself. If she -has a
nice round' chin with a pretty dimple
and see her pose and they would buy
her pictures by the. dozen if I would
sell them. -.'
"Does the professional model marry
well?" Yes, very often. ¦ There Is many
a romance | of the studios where some
man 'falls in love with a pretty face
and -writes the girl. - She replies.
They , correspond. A meeting is ap
pointed and they' fall In love with each
other. . . . '
' "The professional model, as a general
thing, sings in the chorus. -She cannot
pose at night. So she earns her money
by, looking pretty in the front row. . She
can dance, for,; she is\young. She can
sing a little. And she can look pretty.
So she earns her $13 '¦ a week ..with ' the
other girls behind the footlights.
How to Get* a Job.
TO-DAY Is celebrated the third of
the great festivals of the eccle
siastical year of which Christ
mas and Easter are the other
two. Like Easter, Pentecost, or Whit
sunday, has a place In both the Jewish
and Christian calendars. For the for
mer It was the harvest festival.-" and
one of the principal ceremonies of the
day was the offering of loaves of bar
ley bread made from the first of th<
crop just harvested. These loaves were
made with great care, the flour hav
ing been sifted twelve times. Cach
loaf contained the tenth of an eplah.
or about three quarts and a pint of
flour, by our measure. The loaves were
each seven hands In length, four in
breadth, and the "horns" of the loaves
were seven fingers long. Those loaves
with two one-year-old lambs were
presented to the high priests, who
waved them before the altar, and a
number of lambs, rams, a bullock and
other animals were sacrificed at ths
same time. The bread was given, one
loaf to the higher clergy and the other
to the common priests, who at* it at
night, noting carefully that no crumbs
were left by the time when the morn
ing light appeared. These loaves, un
like the pascal bread, were leavened.
Besides the gathering of the harvest
the festival commemorated for tha
Jews the reception by Moses* on Mount
Sinai of the two tablets containing the
Ten Commandments, an event which
happened fifty days after the flight
from Egypt, or the events commemo
rated by the Passover of Easter. Con
sequently Pentecost comes fifty days
after Easter. The day was also called
the Festival of Weeks, because It cama
at the end of a season of special jubila
tion lasting a week of weeks. v
Under the Christian dispensation tho
festival celebrates the descent of the
Holy Ghost on the Apostles and Disci
ples. We are told in tho Acts that after
the ascension of Christ, which took
place forty days after Easter, his dis
ciples returned to Jerusalem and spent
the following ten days in prayer In the
Cenacle. At the end of that period
about the third hour, which corres
ponds to 9 o'clock of our time, a vio
lent wind was heard coming from
heaven, and on the heads of the 120
disciples In the room there descended
tongues of flame. Jerusalem was
crowded at. that time by persons from
all parts of the then known world, who
had come to witness, or take part. In
the religious ceremonies of the Jewish
festival; these persons w*:e attracted
by the noise of the wind to the Cena
cle and were there addressed by St.
Peter and the other Apostles, w ior»
discourses were understood by all
(resent, as though they were spoken
in the manv native languages of the
hearers, although only one sermon was
being preached and that by the preach
ers in the language of Palestine. Aa
the church grew and increased In num
bers'and power the celebration of Pen
tecost became more elaborate and the
converts who. for any reason, had not
beea baptized at Eaater.' were baptized
then. Aa they wore white baptismal
robes, Pentecost also acquired the
name of Whitsunday or White-Sunday.
In the churches during the principal
mass and services a white dove, sym
bolical of the Holy Ghost, was sus
pended from the center of ' the celling
of the church, or a flock of doves were
let loose In the sacred edifice. A fan
fare • on silver trumpets recalled the
rush of wind described In the Bible,
and little pieces of burning tow were
dropped on the congregations to re
call the tongues of fire referred "to In
the ScriDtures. The church, too,- was
elaborately decorated with evergreens
and wheat, barlev, etc.* to recall the
harvest celebration of the Jews. In
England Whitsunday is one of the
great holidays of the year, and is tha
occasion of an annual bank holiday.
pretty girl "who
takes a good pic
ture can earn her ilving posing for the
camera. She need not be a beauty.
But she must take a good photograph.
"I have one model- whose skin Is sal
low, her mouth Is thin and her figure
Is scraggly. But she takes a glorious
photograph. Her eyes light up won
derfully before the camera and she
can hold the expression well.
"Very few models are taken without
a little make-Up. The mouth is painted
with grease paint Into a Cupid's bow
and the lips are made a wonderful red.
The eyes are next lined with dark cir
cles to make them look large and the
face is powdered. The result Is charm
ing in a photograph.
"There are models who get $15 for
posing. They take a beautiful picture
and they understand their business.
They can command their own price.
"There Is Jane Holly, a model who is
rich in. her own right. She takes a
striking photograph and her wardrobe
is magnificent. We have one model
who will not pose for less than $20, but
she Is worth it. She comes to the stu
dio with a dress suit case full of fine
clothes. Her hair has been dressed by
a hairdresser and she' is groomed and
manicured to beat the band. She la
ready for a charming photograph. She
puts on a handsome gown and can pose
for a society lady. 'for a corset model.
for an illustration to » story or for a
hair dresser's article. You see this
model knows her business.
"Aretha modtla intelligent as a rule?
Not very. They are clever but they
are Indifferent. They do as they are
told. But bo more. They seldom make
gnggorttons and they are too full of fun
to be In earnest. Still such models do
wake up once In a while and take an
Interest.
T "How many girls are posing as pro
fessional models- A great many, more
than [ you would ; suppose. Often their
pictures are not recognized In the news
papers and they go on posing -until
somebody drops oh. Then It is stopped
by the family. ;
"= "Is "< it nice business for. a girl? The
nicest in the world!" •
In it let her take
heart. If her eyes
are fairly large
there is hope for
her. If she ha3 any
one good feature
she is pretty sure
to be an acceptable
model. She can put
on hats for a milli
nery model. Or she
can wear necklaces
around her throat
for a Jeweler s
model. Or she can
put on fine gowns
for a fashion model.
"There are girls
of distinct type and
these find no trou
ble getting a job.
We have one model
who looks like an
Oriental. She poses
for cigarette adver
tisements. We have
another who Is de
cidedly Japanese In
her looks. We put
her in a native cos
tume and produce
some wonderful re
sults. We have mod
els who, though full
grown, have child
ish faces, and these
we utilize in many
ways.
"Yes, it is safe to
assert that any
supporters to last her for years. She
could not wear them out if she were a
centiped.
¦ "Models get pay all the way from $5
up. For that sum any model will spend
a whole morning, say from 10 o'clock
until 12 o'clock. If a model ,; comes in
.the -afternoon she' expects to stay from
2 o'clock until 4:30 or • until j the light
fail, about.' . .
"This gives a girl U0 a day. And If
she be a willing and capable girl, she
can get posing every day irij the week.
: "The,re is a great difference in models.
Marian \ Murray, ': ' the' ' Net.- England
model, is noted for her; obliging ways.
She tries, and she tries, j" She ;.• never
'fools' and she devotes herself to bust
ness from the; minute "she enters the
studio. Other models fritter away' their
time and the photographer and the one
who Is posing for the picture all get
out of patience.
"Models c: e very well treated. In
"Then we have one model who has
a remarkable hand, though ehe is ugly
as a hedge fence. But her fingers are
round acd tapering, not flat, and her
"Most models have their specialties
and they are retained for that purpose.
Evelyn Ncsbitt is talked about a great
deal as the best model in the world.
Fhc has a beautiful face and beautiful
eyes. She is always taken for the head.
"On the other hand. Hiss Olive Cox,
the Burrte-Jones girl, is RTaceful. She
is the most graceful model that ever
stepped before a camera. We pose her
in long gowns and in costumes that re
quire a certain amount of chic and dar
ing. She never fails us.
"Of course a model* must be good
looking all around, though we have a
few who .are famous only for their
hands and their, feet There is a girl
whose :'gure Is short and fat and who
would never look well before the cam
era, but she has a wonderful little foot.
It is all arched and the ankle Is tiny,
while the leg is plump. She finds con
stant employment posing for the foot
and leg. And she does .not have to
ehow her leg above the calf either.
"Have I many on my waiting list?
Mo, indeed. They do not wait long, for
I bring them to New York almost Im
mediately. The trouble Is this. We
have use for a great many more models
than we can supply. |
"The right model Is hard to find. She
is entirely different from the model of
the studies, for she must be a model
v.ho takes a good photograph. It does
rot matter how poor her complexion is
providing she has the right features to
photograph.
"A model who wants to work at the
business — and there is no reason why
every pretty girl who needs the money
should not be a model — must make up
her mind what she wants to do.
"If she wants to be a xrude model,
all right. She feels that her figure Is
her fortune. She can apply to the ar
tists and the sculptors and they will
give her work. But she Is not wanted
in the photographic studios.
"A few photographers want the nude
but no| many. They are the exception
to the rule. The great demand is for
pretty girls to pose in advertisements,
and for fashion ¦ plates. In addition
to this they are needed for physical
culture poses, for ideal heads, for illus
trations to stories and for miscellane
ous pictures.
Models Have Specialties.
DO you want to be a" professional
model?
Now is your chance, for the
professional model is In great de
mand, and there are not enough models
to supply half the artists and photog
raphers who- need them.
'"1 would pay any good model $10 for
fifteen minutes' work — If I could find
her," said a New York photographer
the ether day. "and I could keep not
one busy but twenty. Of course I have
models but net half enough. I could
use at least three times as many as
I have, yet you see I already employ
a goodly number."
Picking up a large square book he
turned over the leaves. "Here," said
he, "you see the faces with the names
and addresses written underneath.
When a girl wants to come to town
and pose she has her picture taken and
tends it to me with her name written
below, alsc/ her address. I put her in
this book, and when the proper time
comes, I write or telegraph for her. .1
presume she could get employment in
her own town.
" 'Very well,' said I, "but you win
lose a chance to make $15 and to get
a fine photograph of yourself.'
"She finally consented and the pic
ture was such a success that the manu
facturer sent her $25 and enough hose
" ' STou are to r pose for . a. hose sup
porter/ I said to a girl not long ago.
" 'But, I refuse,' said she.
"Miss Lester is one of the roly poly
models. Tall and well shaped, she has
the dimpled face of a child. Her Ideal
heads are always suggestive of Inno
cence and glee. She takes the prettiest
photographs for advertising purposes
and the . dearest little debutante pic
tures one ever saw. »
"At first the models did not like to
pose for advertlwflKttits, hut as high
art began to apjfV In the ads this
adverse feeling cfiWppcared and now
they are quite willing to pose for the
best class of advertisements.
"Occasionally It will happen that a
photographer will Impose upon a model
and will tell her. that the picture Is for
one thing when it is -for another. But
this is not very often done. As a rule
the advertiser and the ~ photographer
will take the girl into their confidence
and will tell her exactly what is need
ed. And they are rewarded by a very
good picture.
Average Blodd's Pay.
"A model who has earned hundreds
If not thousands of dollars posing and
who is always in demand is Maude
Thomas, a girl built on the splendid
order. She is very tall, very full figure
and is .Tunoesque in her type. Her
¦boulders are very broad and she looks
equally well In a sweater posing as a
girl gymnast, or in a long cloak posing
as a society girl. '•.',--;
"But it la seldom that you get an
all around model. There is Dora Bonn,
who Is taken for her exquisite eyes and
perfect teeth. ' Her face is an oval and
her mouth a Cupid bow. She has a
pathetic droop to her eyelids and can
look charming no matter what her role.
Her specialty la posing for the head.
"The possession of good dresses is a
valuable thing for a model. She can
always be relied upon to appear at the
right hour with a handsome gown in
her suit case. If she be clever she will
change the dress eo that it never looks
twice alike.
wrist is also round.
She poses for jew
elry advertise
ments. And we put
gloves on her for
glove ads. Her fin
gers are exquisitely
manicured and her
hands are her for
tune. I forgot to
mention that her
arm is plump and
round and there is
a dimple in the el
bow and two dim
ples in her should
ers.
"We have a few
favored models who
are gocd in the face
and 'figure both.
One of these 1b the
much talked about
Ray Gilmore. Miss
Gilmore is tall,
svelte, with the fea
tures of a Madonna.
She can pose for
anything under the
sun and look well
all the time.
"Teresa Bryant,
the beautiful Irish
model, is another
example of an all
around beauty. She
ia five feet nine, has
hair like burnished
gold, is gifted with
a round waist, a
full bust and a tiny
She makes a . .
very nice society model, especially as
she has a plump neck and owns a few
fine gowns. .
Tit is article is for the
pretty jrirls of this town
who feel that their face
is their only fortune,
hut who do not know
how to make the best of
it — How to hire out as
a model and what the
models receive.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAJX.
ORIGIN OF
WHITSUNDAY
OBSERVED
TO-DAY
10
HOW TO BECOME A PROFESSIONAL MODEL._¦¦.¦
expression tfiat has set them unusually
deep. Although - the facial operator
may have one or more of these causes
to contend .with, regular, and intelligent
treatment will surely reduce the un
lovely lines if directions are carefully
; observed. and followed with system. At
the same time you. are working try to
discover any habit which may be deep
ening the lines and endeavor to correct
it, for this will facilitate matters
greatly. A pure skin food is Invaluable
lln-the work used in combination with
the ' massage. To protect the delicate
texture of the skin from grime and ren
der the pores more effective It must
first . be prepared to receive the food
by a face bath of hot soapy water, fol
lowed by a thorough rinsing in warm
• water to remove every trace of soap.
Then begin by anointing the deep lines
generously with the cerate. Remember
that you wish to build up, hence the
pressure must be light and of not too
long duration. The ;. first movement
consists of kneading, to tone up relaxed
muscles. Pick up the flesh on each side
of the lines, between the thumb and .
VALUE OP THE SPONGE - : BATH
(Majorie).— There is much confusion re-
• -¦•-.. .-. ¦ -..-'.'
The friction caused by holding a golf ;
stick, a tennis ; racquet or coach' whip
and reins is quite as detrimental to the
texture of the skin as any of the home
ly household duties. Hands :which rfre
manifestly disposed to a calloused con
dition must be protected by heavy
gloves at all times when one is engaged
In exercise or work which requires
much muscular exertion. A. clever girl
of my,7 acquaintance who ¦ disliked a
bungling. "glove hit upon the idea o*
selecting, easy fitting gloves of heavy
kid f and neatly applying a lining of
chamois skin "' across the palm. By
catching the edges into the seams of
Ihe thumb, fingers and sides of the
glove no ugly \ stitches were visible ! in '
the kid, while the protection of this s<5ft
lining saved the hands from unsightly
spots. In; addition to this precaution
the girl never neglected a dally inspec
tion and thorough treatment of the
palms to keep the rosy. "color unmarred.
After holding the hands in rather warm
water for ten minutes, to soften- the.
skin, any suspicious yellow spots rare
rubbed with pumice stone, just enough,,
to wear dawn the thickened skin.
Then a good emollient Is rubbed " Into
the spots and then over the -, entire^
palm. The result ' Is delightfully soft"
hands. ¦'•¦.-. . ' ; ; : -
DEVELOPING MUSCLES OF
SHOULDERS AND BACK (M. F.)—
To properly develop the muscles of the
shoulders and back rhythmic exercises
are required — massage alone will not
bring about the desired results. First
of all, learn to stand correctly and
to do this practice before a mirror
until you are sure of yourself. Balance*
the body firmly on the balls of the feet
with the chest raised and the. abdomen
drawn in. After ajfew minutes of deep
breathing, which should always precede
and form a part of the exercise, you
are ready to begin the shoulder and
back movements. If you prefer to use
light wooden dumbbells do so, al
though they are not essential. Stand
erect with arms resting: lightly at the'
sides, palms against the legs and raise
the arms upward simultaneously.
When the arms have been raised to a
level with the shoulders, turn the
palms upward and continue to raise the
arms, bending them at the elbows,
bringing the closed hands, palms down
ward, over and • six Inches above the
head. Then force the arms backward,
which will be tiresome at first because
the muscles are weak, but after a few
trials a feeling of elasticity will result
which will be most pleasant. Then
bring the-arms downward with elbows
still bent and the upper arm straight
out from the shoulder; continue to hold
the arms as far backward -as possible
while you are counting ten rather
slowly; then repeat from the beginning
of the exercise. The movement may
be continued for a half hour <?r until
tired. Do not overexerclse the muscles
at first If the muscles feel sore rub
thoroughly with equal parts of alcohol
and tincture of camphor. After you
have practiced for a week you will not
need this application. Always bear in
mind that if the arms are allowed to
successfully entertain your friends in
formally on Sunday I would" suggest
that you provide something more sub
stantial than the conventional tea and
wafers. These are all very well when
ladies only are present, but a big, broad
shouldered man never feels quite so
close to a "sissy" as he does 'when at
tempting to hold a fragile bit of china
and look unconcerned and happy while
nubbling a tiny . wafer. He may put
up a splendid bluff and vow serenely
that he is having the time of his life.
Of course he Is, the poor dear. Don't
all the men know it and does not a
clever woman catch the savage gleam
In his eye as the tiny cup careens and
is saved only by a bit of ungraceful
juggling? Depend upon it, deep down
in his heart he is longing for a big
cup of coffee and a sandwich of gener
ous proportions and doesn't care a rap
whether it is the proper thing at a tea
or not. .So if you would be a popular
hostess provide something which the
men can enjoy or the house will know
them no more! The refreshments
should not be of a character to spoil
a relish for dinner. Such dainty sand
wiches as chicken, cheese, minced
ham, nuts and whipped cream may
be varied by the admixture of finely
chopped parsley or a crisp lettuce leaf
moistoned with a rich mayonnaise.
Stuffed dates, salted nuts, cake or waf
ers make a tempting addition and fra
grant tea and coffee sarved with rich
cream may complete the menu. Have
plenty of everything in readiness, the
sandwiches kept cool and moist until
the last moment and the drinkables
piping hot The table must be as
dainty as fine china, glass, silver and
spotless linen can make it and a vase
or bowl of cut flowers will add to its
attractiveness.
TREATING CALLOUSED SPOTS
(Golf er).— The woman who v Is fond of
Answers to
Correspondents
I
ruptions to the sight, distracts the eyes
and compels the wearer to focus In dif
ferent directions. Though these direc
tions of focus differ ever so slightly, the
result Is injurious. Many a case of astig
matism has been traced to the baneful
effect of the dotted veil.
Next in importance to ths veil .Is the
parasol. One lined v.ith green silk should
always be used In a glaring light, Ilka
that at the seashore.
Many an eye Is seriously strained and
injured because the owner does not wish
to admit to herself or confess to the world
that youthful sight Is waning. Put on
glasses whenever they are needed. Their
function is to assist and save the eye. If
properly treated that organ will remain
efficient and useful until life's close.
An oculist, who speaks with authority,
says that a great many persons Injure
their eyesight by not keeping their glasses
bright and highly polished. They allow
dust and perspiration to accumulate upon
them and make them dim and semi-'
opaque, and the eyes are strained when
trying to look through them. An occa
sional washing in warm soapsuds or alco
hol is necessary.
Naturally following the care of the eyes
is the care of the eyebrows.
If they are brushed carefully every day
their appearance will be- much improved.
Always brush with an outer motion go
ing from the r6ots to the end. Brush
them occasionally with a camel's hair
brush dipped In cocoanut oil. This not
only makes the brows glossy, but causes
them to stow.
A good stimulating lotion, which aids
growth of eyebrows, is made of two
drams of olive oil, quarter dram of tinc
ture of enntharides and one ounce of
alcohol. Appiy this with a brush once a
week.
For eyebrows that have been burned off
an emollient made of half an ounce of gly
cerin and one ounce of olive oil is excel
lent. Sv.eet oil, with lime-water, should
be used on eyebrows that have been
freshly burned: or equal parts of lime
water and linseed oil.
Eyebrows repay all the care that can
be given to them, for if they are well
arched and glossy they add much to the
attractiveness of a face.
Too seawn rlcep «r.& too little sleep "axe
• like Injurious to the eyes, the former de
bilitating them through tha prolonged in
action In which It keeps them, the latter
from fatigue. Then again, the sight may
be epoiled by using the eyes too little.
This is only a degree less harmful than
using- them too much.
Too strons a light and profound and
long continued darkness both predispose
the eye to various maladies, some of them
very serious. Sudden transitions from
darkness to llsht, and tha reverse, are
especially injurious.
The pupil of the eye expands In dark
ness, and. If It be suddenly exposed to a
bright light, contraction not taking place
readily, paralysis of the retina, with con
sequent blindness, may ensue. The sud
den transition from light to darkness Is
attended with less serious, but no less
certainly injurious consequences.
The reaction of the light on the sea
shore, or any brilliant surface, a predom
inance of glaring or of dark colors In the
rooms where much of the time is spent,
and looking lor.g at rapidly moving ob
jects are all injurious to the sight. Soft
to'.ors ere both most pleasing and most
beneficial to the eye. Green is the color
mcft fuvorable to the eye, as It exercises
the muscles moderately without fatiguing
them. Hiaol; or very dark colors main
tain th«.m in a state of inactivity.
Wiien you have nothing to do— when
juu are just rotting— close your eyes. As
lexs as the eyes are open, they are at
work to a certain extent.
Don't read when lying down, though
thai may te better than reading or writ-
Ing la a constrained stooping posture.
•Sit «.rcct when rearing, and as nearly bo
as possible when writing. One of tha
•great advantages of the typewriter Is
:hat H allows an erect position and taxes
the eyesight very little In comparison
wiih pen writing.
In reading or writing, the light should
come obliquely frcm the side and fall
upon the surface of the paper, so as to
Illumine it fully, with the reflection pass
ing away at an angle nnd without strik
ing the reader in the face. sinco the re
flection frcm white paper Is almost as
trying « direct light shining in the eyes.
Let the eye* rest as toon as they begin
to feel weary.
An eye bath Is a daily necessity. Few
people know how good a cold water bath
is for the eyes. But it should not be with
a epor.ee and cold water, for this of ne
cessity Is done with the lids closed. It Is
much better for th© eyes to be open in
cold water. This can be done by filling
a basin with water, putting the face In,
and opening the eyes once or twice.
As this Is not always convenient, as
the hair Is opt to get wet at the same
time, get an eye cup at a chemist's, nil
It with clear, cold water, and open and
•hut the eye two or three times in It.
Clear water should be used for each eye.
A little witch baxel or boraclc acid may
b» e££ed to the water. Warm water is
good to use occasionally, although Its con
tinued use tends to redden the eyes and
make them watery.
The eyes should always be washed be
fore going to bed. to remove the dust
¦which may have gathered on the lids dur
ing the day.
To preserve the round shape of the eye
balls, occasionally rub them gently, al
ways toward the nose. As one grows
older, the eyeballs have a, tendency to
become sat.
"When the eyes have become Irritated
through excessive use. a compress of
linen, wet with cold water end changed
as often as It becomes warm, will gener
ally relieve them.
If the Irritation continues, use a lotion
rncde by steeping two ounces of rosemary
leaves in a pint of distilled water, for
twenty-four hours. Then strain and add
• n equal quantity of rosewater and the
saxne amount of brandy.
As automobiles became popular diseases
ef the eye began to Increase. Despite the
glasses that are worn the wind and the
dust are sufiieicnt to cause serious In
flammation of the eye and its lids. Soft
coal dust, too, is a menace, as It often
causes serious inflammation. The best
treatment Is a bath of clear water con
tslning a little witch hazeL
Among the patients of oculists the wom
en outnumber the men. Regarding this
fact twelve leading oculists have been
consulted, and they lay It to the wearing
of veils. i: - y. : i
Woroen who do not wear veils are less
troubled with defects of the eyesight than
these who always do so. And yet most
women may look forth upon the world
through veils without serious injury if
they will only wear veils of the right sort.
Most eye specialists disapprove of the
dotted veil, but they have nothing to say
against those of Illusion or chiffon, which
has a fine, even, regular mesh, through
which the eye may look without suffer
tne but worse results than come from
peering through the finest wire window
screen.
Tie dotted refl, however, offers lntsr-
To what extent should we conform
to the opinions of others? How fa*
should we modify our beliefs and
practices because of tha fear of
what others may say or think?
Here comes along the thorough-going
Independent, who boldly declares that
he does not care a button for any ona
else, that he knows perfectly well what
suits himself and that he proposes to
go ahead on that line. But ths timid
conservative dares not take a slngla
step until he has found out what his
family, his friends, his neighbors or
the community think about it, and If
they hold up their hands in holy hor
ror at the proposition he will have nona
of It himself. Between these two ex
tremes is there any safe and desirable
middle ground?
If you must be one or the other,
choose the position of tha Independent
by all means. You have but one lifo to
live and you are the person responsible
for It. You know, or you ought to
know, yourself better than any one elsa
Jcnows you. You first of all will reap
the advantage or suffer the damage
arising from your forward step. Tha
moment you pass over to soma indi
vidual or to public opinion generally
the making of your decisions, the shap
ing of your actions, you abdicate tha
sovereignty which God entrusted you
with when he made you a man. You
become a weather vane, subject to all
the fluctuations of popular dictates and
whims. No slave is more abject than
that one who is continually In terror
lest he should offend popular tastes.
Moreover, no one ever makes any
headway with his life until he is ready
to brave and even go contrary to pub
lic opinion, provided he has made up
his own m^nd after due deliberation,
that his course is correct. The man
who first carried an umbrella on tha
streets of London was a laughing stock
to all who saw him, but he kept dry
while others got wet and he may hava
lived to see the day when the man
who failed to carry an umbrella was
the laughing stock of his fellows. Ho
who Is sure of his position can calmly
wait until the world comes up to it.
Nevertheless, one should not be so
wise in his own conceit as to pay no
heed to what people say. That con
sideration may be a valuable guide in
the right path and a powerful deter
rent from evil. The accumulated wis
dom of the world is not to be lightly
set one sldtf. In all civilized communi
ties a body of opinion touching man
ners and morals has been siowiy form-
Ing through the decades until it is now
crystallized Into a written or .unwrit
ten code with which it pays for a man
to be familiar and which he ought riot
to defy flippantly. It is perfectly In
order for a man to walk down tha
street on a spring rr.ornins in his dress
ing gown and slippers. He has a
right so to do. But most men prefer
to array trjemselvea in clothing of a
more conventional and generally ac
cepted pattern for a public thorough
fare.
American parents as a rule prefer
that their young daughters should be
properly attended when they go Into
society or off for a holiday, and the
girl who In her association with young
men Is governed by certain wise re
strictions not only maintains her own
dignity best, but is in the long run
better respected and liked by the men.
A wholesome fear of what people will
say may lead many a person into
paths of sobriety and decency who
might be too weak willed to go there
from the promptings of his o*n nature.
For people do not always say unkind
and foolish things. The average sense
of a respectable community Is to be
respected and, other things being
equal, I want the approval of my fel
low men.
Courage to work out your own prob
lems to a finish and readiness to listen
for and receive the wisdom of others
make the proper blend. To our own
selves we must first of all be true, but
that does not mean necessarily that we
should be indifferent or superior to our
fellowmen. Emerson hits It about
right when he says, "It is easy in the
world to live after the world's opin
ion. It Is easy In solitude to live after
one's own. But the great man is ha
who in the midst of the crowd keeps
with perfect sfcveetnesa tne independ
ence of solitude."
All this has a direct bearing upon
the matter of religion. For most of us
the midway position Is safe there. We
must get our own thought of God, of
Christ, cf duty, of immortality, but
why should we throw to the winds all
the conclusions wrought out slowly,
painfully, by those who have cone be
fore us? We need not conform our
beliefs In every particular to them.
On the other hand, we should not dis
dain this precious inheritance of faith
and hope upon which we may build
our tempi* and dwell securely therein.
THE PARSON.
ter. I The beneficial effects of the cold
water sponge bath will soon be appar
ent in increased energy and a clearer,
brighter complexion.
THE NEWEST TAFFETAS- (Olga).
Water-proof taffetas, or cravenetted, as
they' are sometimes called, are the
newest imported silks designed espe
cially for the shirt waist suit which will
be as ; popular • In ¦ town ¦ as at sum
mer resorts the coming season. From
point of beauty and utility this silk
Is a decided triumph of the manufac
turer's art. It is wonderfujjy-soft, con
forming : to ", the prevailing modes, and
so practical that the most exacting
cannot find fault. Moire effects are nu
merous among the choice samples, al
though small pinhead dots, checks and
fine Btrlped patterns predominate. The
full scale of blues figured with white
are presented and also many lovely
greens, browns, gray and black, all
more or less broken with white. The
smartesf suits have a short skirt, either
side or box plaited, tailor finished, or
a plain gored skirt trimmed about the
foot with 'stitched bands of taffeta.
The very newest decoration consists of
milliner's folds set on in. graceful
scrolls to simulate braid. The folds are
made of plain silk to match the prevail
ing color of the figured silk from which
the gown is made. Small buttons of
silk or gilt are used for fastening and
ornamenting the waist and skirt.
"REMOVING FACIAL LINES (Elsie).
The deep, drooping lines which run
from the nose. to the chin are the hard
est of all wrinkles to eradicate, espe
cially if they are largely hereditary,
as is often the case; then, it is almost
impossible to remove them « entirely.
"Again; the formation of the face has
much to" do" with the. depth of these
lines, or It may be a force of habit of
whose knowledge of the operation was
doubtful the nerve might be injured
so that the permanency of the teeth be
Jeopardized. In skilled hands the oper
ation is quite successful and the results
warrant the cost and brief discomfort.
THE WOMAN WHO FUSSES (L. N.
B.). — The fussy woman Is one of the
most tiresome creatures on earth. She
has little or no time for enjoyment and
not a moment to spare In cultivating
that thin, high-pitched voice which
penetrates the quiet with some fussy
nervous exclamation or helpful (?) re
mark at most inopportune times. She
is certain .the room is too cool or too
warm or that you would better read
this or that book. Because she wears
flannels in June she Is sure you will
catch your death If you do not likewise.
She keeps up this running fire of ad
vice and fuss until her friends vote
her a nuisance. She is far too busy
worrying over the world In general to
attend to her own affairs, so her chil
dren run wild and her husband is glad
to slip out of the house for a rest. Poor
soul! She has her bitter moments and
wonders vaguely why her efforts are
not appreciated and why men and
women shun her company. Somehow
she has a perverted Idea of life and
canno£ or will not see her faults. I
would *hot advise you to attempt the
task of changing such a disposition in
another, for you will but make an
enemy. Treat your friend kindly, don't
argue with her and when the trial be
comes too great escape as gracefully
as you can.
A YOUNG GIRL'S ROOM (Sirs. W.
B. j # ). — it is a happy combination of
circumstances that your daughter's
class colors are white and gold and
that she Ms fond of wild flowers, for
it suggests the idea of a dainty room
with soft draperies and masses of
nodding buttercups and daises relieved
with tender - greens. To secure that
restful tone so desirable in a sleeping
apartment a plain side wallpaper in
a solid color is advised. The cool
misty tone of delicate terre verte
would be charming and most sugges
tive of dewy fields. Have the frieze
0 nd . ceiling in a greenish cream run
ning to a pure white, picked out with
green and gold. Cover the floor with
a green velvet carpet, figured with
plenty of cream or golden shades; or,
use a fine Japanese matting with
•white ground figured in dull green and
scatter It with a number of 30ft rugs
In harmonious colors to give warmth.
Hang ruffled curtains of dotted Swiss
at the windows, mounted on small
brass rods and draped back with
white cords and tassels. Upholster the
window seat with French cretonne in
green, gold and white and mass with
WHAT WILL
OTHERS SAY?
oome too far forward, which is a much
easier movement, the upper arm •will
receive most of the development and
the beneficial effects will be great
ly lessened, especially on the back
muscles.
JTVB O'QLOCK TEA (borotay)^-To
outdoor, sports must bestow a great
deal of care upon her hands If- she
would retain the dainty, feminine soft
ness so much admired. The calloused
spots on' the hands are directly caused
by the hand coming In contact within-,
yielding substances or by kard rubbing.
fy O many and so varied aw
VqI the little perplexities that
i^J enter Into almost every
r*** woman's life without flnd
t% Ins satisfactory solution,
and so many and so unusual are
the . letters thai are constantly
. being received from women
who cannot find an answer to
their questions' In any other
way, that The Sunday Call has
established this -pace devoted
entirely and exclusively to
"What Women Want to Know,"
edited by Madge Moore.
Here every trial or tribula
tion of the mtnd and heart can
be poured ' out in the . full con
sciousness jtnat it will receive se
rious consideration ¦ — - every
question ; of fact or fiction, of
the home and all its manifold
tics and tasks, of the inner sanc
tuary of a woman's j life,' finds
ready solution. Ladles, this page
: is all your very own. » What
would you?
- Please address all commu
nications to Mad sre Moore, editor
"What Women Want to Know,"
' Sunday Call. Ban Francisco.'
f-y ONSIDERIXO how all-important ; -
I / the eyes are to good looks. It Is
\J *\ surprising how they are neglected
j~ and even in-treated.
j ''"*' A pair cf fine «>••¦ will redeem aa
otherwise plain face, and a girl possessed
of them and a good complexion may easily
consldtr herself a beauty.
Eyes, to be beautiful, must be bright,
clear end of good color. Not only Is good
health essential to this condition, but
good car* of the eyes themselves.
O:i av.aken5r.fi in the morning, the ey«e
should net be exposed suddenly to a
bright light. A few moments chould be
r.i:cv.ed ta elapse to accustom them to the"
halt-Us&t of the bedroom befcre drawing
vp the blinds and admitting the full lUhi
cf day-
garding the proper method of taking
a sponge bath and of the effects of such
baths. Strictly speaking, a sponge bath
Is performed without soap, cold or, tepid
water being used according to the needs
and vigor of the patient. As a deter
gent the effects of the sponge bath are
merely superficial, consequently, should
never be confounded with the cleansing
warm tub bath, as it can never take
the place of the latter. The main rea
son why some people cannot endure a
cold sponge bath is because they do not
take.it correctly. The usual plan is to
apply the water In dabs, finally getting
.the body dripping wet and then quickly
and only partially drying it. Result-*
chills and colds. A cold water sponge
bath should ¦'. always be taken In the
morning and never at night except In
very warm weather. If the shock of the
cold water is too great begin .with tepid
water and 'after a week gradually use
cooler water until : at the beginning of
the third week the water may be used
as cold . as • it comes, from the faucet.
As a "stimulating exercise the sponge
bath has no equal, for it gives tone
and energy to the, skin and perspiratory
organs, promotes excretions and secre
tions'and tends to equalize the circula
tion of the blood. To obtain beneficial
results I the cold sponge bath , must be
rapidly performed In a moderately
warm room and be followed by a very
. brisk . rubdown. This is essential, as
the patient must experience a decided
.'feeling: of warmth as soon as the body
is dried; If some^ light exercise or. a
brisk can be Indulged in imme
diately after the bath so much the bet-
dainty pUtow*. otto* art liner* plate,
figured, striped and embroidered and
figured silks. Edga some of tha pil
lows with ruffles of shaded green and
yellow ribbons, brocaded with tiny
white daises. Seleot furniture? of
blrdseye maple and do not forget a
pretty screen with panels of shirred
silk, for It will add much to the artis
tic completion of the room as well as
for use In shutting off chilling
draughts. To dress the bed, cover tha
French bolster with buttercup yellow
silk and cover this with dotted Swiss;
make the spread to match trimming
generously with let-in bands of inser
tion. For the bureau, etc., select
covers of round thread, white hem
stitched linen and embroider with
masses of golden blossoms. The table
cover may be of figured cretonne,
edged with coarse white lace or em
broidered linen. The needed china
should be in the prevailing whit* and
gold and the small toilet articles of
Ivory, sliver mounted.
Jacqueline.— The best way to develop
legs and ankles la to walk around on tip
toes morning and night, while dressing
and undressing. Run slowly back and
forth across your room on tiptoes or walk
around your room in low-heeled or heel
less shoes, pressing hard en the toes at
the end of each strlda. Copy Hamlet" ¦
slow stride across th© iUea. "Walking on
the heels will develop the muscles of the
¦hlns. Bath* the legs in cold salt water
after performing these exercises and th»a
give them a brisk rubbing. This helps ta
Increase their size.
finger, and gently press It In a aligfctry
rolling or clawing: motion. Go over the
entire length of -the lines two or three
times, then perform an upward rotary
movement, keeping the akin moistened
all the time with plenty of the cerate.
Lastly, place the finger tips on ths
temples ! and with the . thumbs placed
Just forward of the lines, smooth and
stroke the lines crosswise, upward and
backward, toward • the ears. The re
sults, after a few weeks of this treat
ment taken regularly dally, -will be
most gratifying.
IRREGULAR TEETH IJT CHIL
DREN" (Mother) —You need not feel
alarmed If the second teeth of the child
come In Irregularly, as in the majority
of cases they will become more even
as : growth advances. Sometimes this
Irregularity of growth Is due to too
much crowding by teeth. which should
be removed. A dentist would recognize
such cases and set the matter straight.
The cuspid or eye teeth should be close
ly watched to prevent - the new teeth
from comlngrrin above the normal posi
tion. In some families this tendency
seems to be hereditary, but it can usu
ally be averted by prompt measures.
Fully developed irregular teeth can be
straightened, but the process Is both
tedious and painful, as the teeth are
loosened and then held in the new posi
tion by some plastic substance until
firmly established. The time for this
process Is from three to six weeks, ac
cording to the location of the teeth
and the number thus replaced. This
work should be intrusted only to a
skilled dentist, for in the hands of one
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAfl^
11
'Tliotos by Stanford
Studio.
WHAT WOMEN
WANT TO KNOWContinued on Page Thirteen.
In advertising alone the Sunday Can
printed one hundred and thirty columns
last week.
Add to this the special multiple color
art picture given away free to subscrib
ers and you will find thit the Sunday
Call complete weighs within a fraction
of a pound. Some faint idea of the cost
of the raw paper alone in eighty-five
thousand copies may thus be secured.
Gather all the various sections of
the Sunday Call together and then
think of what it means to handle and
deliver eishty-five thousand ¦ of them
in the short space of five hours and a
half, Indeed in three hours arid a half,
for the tmlk of this remarkable circu
lation has not only to be printed after
half-past two o'clock on Sunday morn
ing, the last minute at which news of
any sort" i» received," but must be de
livered over a wide territory, embrac
ing Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley and
San Francisco before six o'clock.'
In -the pressrooms there * are three
giant presses of. the most improved
pattern with a combined capacity of
36,000 copies of 28 pages each per hour,
which are operated by a crew of eigh
teen men.
Thirty-six thousand copies per hour!
Can your mind -grasp it? When all three
of those presses are whirling at top
speed at one and the same time the
finished papers flow from their polished
cylinders like a turbulent- stream of
water over a cataract. They are piled
up in specially constructed carts as
fast as two men at each press can
scoop them up and rush them Into the
mailing room.
Here the whole eighty-five thousand
copies are handled separately and in
dividually by twentv-nve men at long
tables; not only handled once but four
separate times before they. leave their
skillful hands to be delivered to^you.
- First from the presa is the magazine
section, of sixteen ; pages. It- comes
directly from the [ swiftly revolving
cylinders folded just as it is delivered
to you. Into this the first insert is
made. It is the special art f supple
ment.. .
Next from the presa come manl
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ * ..' /¦¦.'•'
folded, four copies at once, the second
section of four pages. It is the edi
torial and art section, and this in turn
has to be inserted by the twenty-five
men in the mailing room between the
pages of the Sunday Call magazine.
Next there follows in quick succes
sion the two news sections of fourteen
pages each, which follow the same
rapid course to the mailing room, tuere
to be inserted as fast as the big piles
arrive, between the folds of the maga
zine just j as the art picture and the
editorial section which have gong be
fore. Then and not until then is tho
first of those elghty-flve thousand cop
ies delivered to the army'of impatient
ly waiting and keenly 'alert city news
boys, who are the nrst upon the street
with the paper, crying their wares in
that pcnllar high treble that h"* been
characteristic of their tribe since news
papers were first published.
In. San Francisco alone there are
one thousand newsboys enrolled in the
Newsboys' Union. It ia no small task
to supply each of them with even a
small quantity of papers within a very
few minutes after the presses begin to
rumble and thunder out their daily
messages to the, world. But that these
self same newsboys are an Important
factor in the distribution of the news
may be gathered from the fact that
their average street sales amount to
several hundred dollars every Sunday.
Next the city carriers, who dis
tribute the papers throughout the
business, the residence and the shop
ping districts and to the remotest cor
ners of the city, are supplied. To de
liver The Sunday Call in San Fran-
THE xvork of gathering the news
of the whole world so that you
will have it fresh with your
breakfast coffee every morning is
a stupendous task of which you
get a thousand evidences every time
you read the paper.
Every city, hamlet, or village, every
•railroad, every steamship, every de
partment of government, science or
cemmerce. even* social stratum, every
name of prominence from the highest
and most powerful ruler to his lowliest
and most obscure servitor, every coun
try on the face of the globe and the
waters thereon, that finals its way into
print tells you in the flash of an eye
over date lines or headings, of the
vast host of highly skilled and wonder
fully organized writers who contribute
to your pleasure and instruction.
Every twenty-four hours the current
hUtory of the world is presented to
you in its most attractive form.
In every succeeding twenty-four
hcurs it is done all over again.
But how many know of that other
army of workers, who are rarely heard
of and seldom, if ever, seen; then men
*ho deliver the news to you fresh from
the great whirring presses in the base
ment of the high towering Call build
ing? How many realize how vast their
number, how perfectly organized, and
how well drilled they are, or how lim
ited the time in which they have to
get the paper to you with such unfail
ing regularity in calm or storm, in fair
weather or foul? Their system of wide
spread and concentrated distribution
Is as complete and remarkable in its
way as are the intricate and all em
bracing methods of the news gatherers;
only they work with greater precision
and rapidity.
Every Sunday the Call prints S5.00D
copies. They are ail delivered or dis
patched between 2:30 and S a. m.
Just think what that means, not alone
In the distribution but in the prepara
tion and the printing, as well as in the-
Quantity of paper used— over forty tons
of paper being used.
As you have doubtless observed many
times the great Sunday Call is made up
of several sections of forty-eight pages
In all.
There nre sixteen pages In the Sunday
Call Magazine devotGd to the brightest
a4id best high class literature, by th»
jnost famous writers In the world — each
ertlcle a timely and carefully selected
feature.
To the news of the foreign capitals,
to Bcciety and the fraternities, as well
as to music and the arts and crafts, four
mure pages are devoted in a special
editorial section by Itself.
To the news of the day from all parts
of the world, rs well as to that great
quantity of select advertising, which
hap been growing so rapidly in the Call,
twenty-eight more pases in two separ
ate sections are printed every week.
And it is, a race, a breathless, nerve
straining gallop every morning, for
with the editors reaching out to the ut
termost corners of the world not only
dsco alone there axe forty-five car
riers, who in turn employ a small
army of 200 lieutenants to assist them,
and whose combined investment in
their routes Is over $250,000. That is
extraordinary In Itself. A quarter of a
million of capital being used solely
in the distribution of a great modern
newspaper in one city alone.
This does not take into account Ala
meda, Oakland. Berkeley, Sacramento.
Stockton, Santa Rosa, Fresno, Los An
geles or any of the other cities and
towns up and down the coast and th«
Pacific States generally, though The
Sunday Call is essentially a home pa
per, devoted to home industries, to the
development of the vast territory of
California in particular and the West
In general, and it is in California that
it has its greatest sphere of influence,
both with Its news and its popular ad
vertising.
In Alameda, Oakland and Berkeley
there are fifteen carriers, who in turn
employ 100 assistants and whose indi
vidual routes are valued at over $7000
each. Stockton has twelve carriers,
Sacramento seventeen and Los Angeles
twenty. Thus it may be seen that the
work of distributing The Call is a
business In itself and a very valuable
business at that.
As may readily be imagined from
the foregoing the scene around the
sidewalk elevators and other press
room entrances at the Call building
when the first papers begin to come
from the mailing-room is one of in
describable confusion to the un
initiated. There are hundreds of news
boys, largo ami small, darting in and
out among the long lino of small carts
backed up In a half circle on Market
and Third streets, and all being loaded
with feverish energy as fast as the big
bundles can be brought up from the
basement and stowed away. In a very
few minutes after the last of 'the news
boys have scattered in a mad race
through the streets, shouting their pe
culiar cries, the first of thoso forty-five
carts have begun to follow after until
they are as widely scattered as the
newsboys who have gono before.
Then, as fast as the city cart3 move
away to make room for wagons of a
larger build and greater capacity, the
Alameda editions are loaded. To sup
ply Alameda County alone specially
equipped express wagons are em
ployed. As shown in the photographs
on thia page, which were taken by
flashlight in the early dawn of a re
cent Sunday morning, each of these
wagons is piled several feet high with
stoutly tied and carefully wrapped
bundles, all for Oakland, Berkeley or
Alameda. Near by ether wagons are
being loaded simultaneously with the
Marin County edition, which must be
shipped at the same hour precisely,
and as soon as the last bundle has
been thrown into place there begins
a race to the Union-street wharf,
where two tuga are lying in wait every
morning.
' THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIT
HOW THE GREAT SUNDAY CALL IS DELIVERED TO YOU
12same speed and show of energy, the
ball really leaves the hand', with- no
force at all, comparatively speakirg,
while it Is thrown from an open hand,
thumb dpwn and all tha lingers spread
over the ball itself like a hood, as
shown In the photograph herewith: The
peculiarity of the tlow bail, which Is
most deceptive, Is the fact that it does
nof revolve at all, the" seam being in
precisely ~" the same relative position
when it reaches the catcher as when
it left tha pitcher's. hand.
Theiefure. .as may be readily sur
mised, while the movement of the arm
and body Is precisely the same In
throwing all these differ ant kinds of
balls, whether with tht*. overhand or
underhand Ce .very, it is the muscles
of the arnv mud shoulder alone that
produce the various baffling phe
nomena. •. /
Thus in throwing the curve ball it
Is the tendon In the lower part of the
forearm that suffers the severest
strain, of ttimes being stretched and
distorted beyond repair. .."
In the drop ball it is the. tendon just
tion. as illustrated In tne two small
pictures, the front and" back views of
the pitcher's hand, shown on this page.
It is clasped tightly with the two first
fingers "and the thumb, the tips of the
fingers resting' on a seam, while the
other two fingers are closed up and
merely press against the side of the
ball. It If the way the ball leaves the
hand that determines what sort it is
going to be, whether straight or speed
or curve. However, In order to deceive
the batter as much as possible, every
ball i3 thrown with the same swing of
the arm and body, no matter what vi
carious course it may follow after It
leaves the pitcher's hand.
Thus if the pitcher is Using an over
hand delivery to create a curve the ball
must leave the hand with the two fore
fingers turned well downward and the
thumb upward, the finger tips closing
over the seam of the ball to give it
that swift revolving fillip which causes
it to rotate so deceptively.
For a. drop ball the swing of the
arm and body is precisely the same,
the only difference being that the ball
The slow ball, on the other hand, has
an entirely distinctive delivery from
any of the above, and is often far
more effective. It is Just \ what its
name implies. Though the overhand
motion of the arm is made with the
The speed ball has neither the swift,
revolving motion of the curve or the
drop tendency of the drop ball, but is
delivered in a^etraight line with re
markable velocity. As it leaves the
hand the two forefingers are clasped
over it, the thumb under it and the two
closed fingers at the side.
leaves the hand when the thumb and
forefingers are on a level with each
other perpendicularly and the closed
fingers are directly under the ball. This
distinguishing difference between the
drop ball and the curve can be moie
readily understood by reference to the
position of the hand and finger^ in
the two pictures printed herewith. The
drop ball gets its name from the fact
that after following an almost straight
line it suddenly takes a downward
rhoot before passing over the batting
plate.
for ths news, but for the very latest
news, and with the circulation of the
paper growing greater and greater
every day, the limited time allowed
the carriers grows less and ls«s. in
stead of more. No matter how favor
able the local news conditions and th»
telegraphic and cable ssrvlce, the
presses never start before 2:30 n. m.
There arises daily a hundred and one
things to conspire against closing up
the paper promptly at that hour. But
no. matter what O12 conditions of
storm and stress, every paper mus»t he
delivered in Alameda-County and the
territory immediately adjacent thereto
at not later than half-past five in the
working districts and G o'clock in the
fashionable residence districts.
That means that each of the four
separcte sections of the paper have .to
be printed, handled and rehandled
four times, wrapped into bundles,
loaded on wagon3 and hauled to the
water front, unloaded there on the
waiting tugs, one of fifty-five horse
power for Alameda County, and the
other of almost equal power for Marin,
raced ucross the bay In opposite direc
tions under forced draught, the one to
Sausalito and Tiburon, the other by
the creek route to the foot of Broad
way in Oakland.
Here there is another long line of
waiting carts, which take up the bun
dles in their turn, and, dashing off
through the early dawn in summer
and the rain and the darkness in win
ter, distribute The Call over mile af
ter mile of territory before the inhab
itants are half awake. No matter
what an early riser you may be, your
And no matter how exciting the
game always take your time after each
in.njngs 'before beginning, again. Be
calm and cool and self-possessed. - Es
pecially must this be . oDserved t after
running bases and coins to the Dltch-
above this that receives the wors;
wrenching.
The speed ball, on the other hand,
injures a different set of muscles alto
gether, for in this it is the muscle on
.top of the shoulder and the muscle
just under the shoulder blade that suf
fer the most.
The slow ball rarely, if ever, causes
any injury whatever.
Now,, the best way for the young
pitcher, and even for the seasoned ath-,
lete, to begin development at the open
ing of the season is to avoid throwing
too hard at the outset. The failure
to' observe this simple rule has ruined
more arms than any other cause. It
is best, after the long rest between.No
veniberl and April 1; to begin prac
ticing slowly and work up. For the
first five or six days it will be suffi
cient to merely lob the ballthe pitch
er's distance, which is ubout sixty
five feet. After that It will be time
enough to put more speed into the.de-;
livery and to besin to develop the con
trol. Even then for the first ten or
fifteen bailo It is better to merely lob
it until the a^rni has been thoroughly
limbered up, and then gradually in
crease the energy and the precision un
til the, necessary speed and control is
secured.
Always follow these practice hours
as well as ' actual play with careful
precaution against taking cold. While
the body Is in a state of perspiration
see that you aie properly clothed to
keep yourself warm, and that the
pitching arm, especial^ is well prb
tected from the drafts. If yc-u neglect
this invariable rule you ere likely to
contract muscular rheumatism, which
is difficult to cuie »nd which may in
any event bar you from the pitcher's
slab for weeks if not for the whole
season.
And thus, just as the news is gath
ered from the remotest corner of the
world with rare speed and facility,
it is sent back again in another form,
with equal dispatch and as widaly dis
tributed as it was gathered. For every
where that news 13 disseminated, there
the great Sunday Call or the Daily
Call may be bought; in every quarter
of the American continent, in the
snow-bound Klondike, in the far off
battle-torn Orient, in the tropics ot
South America, on the veldts of South
Africa, and all over continental Eu
rope, the Sunday Call is at your ser
vice, carried thither by an army that
is not so well known a3 the men who
gather and write the news, but who
are even equally trained and a3 well
equipped in screading It.
paper i:» waiting for you at the front
door an regularly as the morning
tomes, but the men who bring it to
you with such Incredible rapidity and
regularity, for tha Sunday Call had
less than seven complaints about miss
ing p;tpers last Sunday, these men you
never see. While you are reading your
paper over your morning repast with
never a thought of how important
they are in your pleasure, they too are
at home again, enjoying the news with
the same avid interest.
Meanwhile the country subscribers
north and south and to the Far Hast
are being supplied under the same
perfect system. The last train carry
ing bundle.* or individual papers
through mail or express leaves the
city at 8 o'clock. Consequently the
last of that great edition of eighty
five thousand papers U on its way in
five and one-half hours, oft timea less,
after the monster presses have begun
to grind them out. ' m ''l'"r.
Continued from Page Twelve.
how the, great sumday call
is delivered to you.
IN the last few weeks two excellent
ballplayers have suffered tempo
rary, if not permanent injury, by
overstraining the muscles of their
throwing arm in playing and by not
properly caring for the injured parts
afterward.
Less than three weeks ago Al Whit
• flflge was retired from the pitcher's
box on the Oakland team because he
•was muscle bound and consequently
had lost all control over his pitching
•erm, which was as hard as a rock,
when it should have been supple and
pliablcT When he tried for speed it
pained him excrutiatingly.
This is one of the saddest con
. ditSons a pitcher's arm can get.
into, but it is to be hoped that with
. rest acd rare Whitridge will Boon
be a!.> to play again as well as he
ever did. ;'¦ -'•
At about the same time little "Jlm
• my" Toman, Los Angeles' fast short
¦top, met with an equally painful ac
cident while playing Oakland. While
running In on a slow grounder which
•he had to scoop up and throw hard
from a bad position, he exerted too
mad) energy— "'ovcrthrowed himself,"
as Jt is called in the vernacular of the
field, ard rprained the tendons of his
tirm at the elbow very badly. Since
then his throwing has been very weak
and' not at all up to his old form.
Such an Injury, i' neglected, may In
capacitate him for life. Certainly, he
cannot we his arm row without ex
treme pain.
Of course there are injuries which
cannot be avoided, but the two in
stances I ouotf above were not at all
•due to the exigencies of the game, but
rather to the carelessness of the play
ers themselves.
In the case of Whitridge let me ex
"jildn what happened and how the in
jury was brought about before show
ing the best methods by which strains
of this sor,t must be taken care of. For
•the benefit ot the uninitiated it will be
necessary to explain some of the se
xrets of the pitcher's art, how he makes
the Laming curves and drops and slow
l.alls which, when properly executed,
make un exciting game nothing more
than a skillful combination bztweea the
pitcher and catcher.
" First, no matter what eort of a ball
Is delivered, whether a curve, a speed
ball, a drop ball or a slow ball, the ball
Itself is always held in the same way.
In this there Is only one correct posi-
er's bos more or Ices winced. Then is
the time t 1 wait, get control of your
muscles and euady yourself gener
ally. •
Ar<3 whin pitching a game use your
head. Think, and think clearly. Watch
your catcher and always deliver the
kind of ball he signals for, because ten
chances U/ one he knows tin peculiar!*
ties of the batter better than you do.
If you differ with him. give him your
signal of dissent, a nod of the head,
cr whatever the prearranged signals
may be, and if he insists I have always
found it best to let him have his way.
When there are two men out and a
runner on third base deliver the ball
without the long swing or the body,
•jecauce it gives the runner too much
of an advantage In a start for the
home plate while you are going through
the gyrations of the usual prelude to a
delivery.
Now as to the care of the arm. be
surg to- have it massaged for at least
fifteen minutes before beginning to
play and, if possible, have It rubbed up
' a iittle between each inning if there
is any. tendency whatever toward sore
ness or stiffness. 2
Eut no matter whether this Is done
or not, the pitcher who falls to have
his arm massaged thoroughly and
skillfully after a hard gruelling game
will sooner c-r later have to pay the
penalty that poor Whitrldge is under
going now.
Having massaged the arms of over
four hundred different ball players
during the past five years I know some
thins of what I am writing in this
respect, or at least, may be presumed
to.
.Thus, in massaging the tendon
sprained by a curved ball I take the
injured lesion between the thumb and
first finger and holding the arm firmly
with the other hand work the tendon
umll all the swelling is removed by
the friction, trking care to keep the
thumb and finger moist with a little
oil or vaseline.
For an injury to the upper tendon
caused by throwing the drop ball, I
take it firmly in the first fingers and
-thumb of both hands and while the
arm rests securely upon the edge of a
table or equally solid stand, work the
tendon thoroughly through its entire
length until it has again resumed its
normal size and the arm feels supple
again.
For the back and shoulder muscles I
work them thoroughly with both hands
as shown in the picture herewith, and
this is the only nay that a player may
be developed and get through a season
FRANK NEWHOUSE. who has written this timely and im
portant article on "How To Develop a Star Pitcher." as well
as showing some of the numerous way3 that players injure
themselves by not throwing properly, is himself an athlete as
well as a trainer of note. Besides having boxed in the rinsr himself,
he has trained such notable fisrhters as "Young Corbett." "Kid" Par
ker, Bcnr.y Y anger, Joe Bernstein, Mike Schreck. "Rube" Smith.
etc., while during the oast few vears he has been the official trainer
and instructor for several of the big National Ball Leagues: Den
ver in iooo, Colorado in iqoi, Los Angeles in 1902, Portland Nation
als in 1903 and the San Francisco team at the present time- Be
tween the ball seasons he trained the Denver Wheel Club Football
Team in 1901-02 and the University of Southern California Football
Team in 1903. Thus he has acquired an enviable reputation in his
art, and therefore knows whereof he writes. Together with "Win
nJc" Cutter, who i> himself an all round athlete of note, a member
of the California Bascbill League for the past three years, and who
is now going to St. Louis to compete in the professional all round
athletic events there, he has posed* for the pictures to illustrate this
article exclusively for the Sunday Call.
'THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY ;CALIl
HOW TO DEVELOP
A STAR PITCHER
13nights later at a court ball, seeing the
girl, Walters made haste to be . duly
presented in form.
"If I might be permitted to take you
around a bit.", he suggested, "it would
be a : great pleasure. Oh, may I, real
ly?" As the girl nodded. "Let's start
to-morrow." v^r.
Such was the beginning of their
friendship, and as the daya drifted into
spring there were little excursions up
the river to be made, lingerings on the
3ruhl Terrase listening to the band in
the garden on the other bank; long
hours spent in the galleries with pauses
before the SIstine Madonna or some
other treasure In that wonderful store
house of art. Then, suddenly one day
Mr. Hoffman awoke to the fact that
his daughter, although but 17, was no
longer a childA Realizing that this pro
longed companionship with, an earnest
young musician might prove dangerous
to one, if not to both, he took passage
back to America, and to-night he and
daughter were to leave for Bremen.
, This was good by.
"Adelaide," sang the voice, putting
into the song all that the singer dared
not say, and the girl trembled respon
sively. With a final harmony the mel
ody 1 stopped. . Through the door, the
accompanist slipped away, Mr. Hoff
man turned to the window. The girl
held out both hands.
"Good-by," she murmured. Walters,
shaken/leaned forward.
. "You will not forget?" he begged.
And the girl smileoV.a slow, loyal
smile.
"I will not forget."
As the train, rolled its way through
.the night the girl's eyes filled again
with tears, the facile v tears of youth
1 which. turn so quickly, to rainbows as
hope rosily spans the years, then clasp
ing a little; blue ring and a cluster of
forget-me-nots, she fell asleep.
(Copyright, 1904, by A. M. Davies Og
den.)
THE late spring afternoon sun
shine flooded gloriously Into the"
bare old studio, lighting the
dreamy, sensitive face •• ¦ of .. the
young man .who stood by the piano
pouring out his soul in melody. It flung
a golden aureole around the head of
the girl who, nearly lost In a big arm
chair, sat absorbed. .
"Adelaide, Adelaide," rang out the
notes of Beethoven's passionate love,
song, and the girl's eyes filled with
tears as the music swayed her young,
untried . nature. And how well Harry
Walters looked when he sang!
Her thoughts, uncontrolled, wandered
back to the day when they had first
met, many months before. Newly ar
rived In Dresden, she and her father
had driven out to.Potschapel to Inspect
the big china factory, but at her fath
er's request for some one to show them
about the big German in charge flung
up .his hands.
"Aber, I spik no Englisch," he be
gan plaintively. Then, at sight of a
passerby, his face brightened. \
"Ach, Herr Walters,',' he cried, and
the person addressed turning, came
back with lifted cap.
"Can I be of any* service." he asked
•in English. Mr. rioffman looked re
lieved. •
"I want somebody to, show me
about," he explained, - and the /young
man smiled.'
"The'Herr Direktor. and I are old
friends," he responded. "If I can be
of any assistance— " The girl's eyes
thanked him. \
When they parted it was with a Iovr
bow and \ a • mutual," if j unspoken, wish"
that they might meet again, and a few
The windows of Cliff Towers were
brilliant with lights. Strains of music
floated out to the watchers in the
street.- Mrs. Livingstone was "at
h0me," and Bellevue avenue "was
crowded with arriving guests and cu
rious spectators.
The band on the lawn began to play
"Wine, Women and Song," and the
beautiful Miss Hoffman stepped
through the long French windows
upon the terrace.
The shimmer' of moonlight on the
water was exquisite. What did it and
the music seem to recall. Ah, Dres
den! The girl shivered. How long
it was since she had thought of Dres
den! The man beside her started ap
prehensively.
"Are you cold? Shall I bring you a
wrap?" he asked. She assented.
She wished to be rid of' him to think
for a moment*. Dresden! Walter's face,
his happy, boyish, half-boastful talk
struggled Into her thoughts. ".Walt un
til I sing in the Metropolitan," he had
: laughed.
And now? Should he make his de
but there, she would be in her box,
tiara crowned. But^she would throw
him some flowers in memory of the
little ring now crushed and broken,
with a faded spray of forget-me-nots,
far back in a drawer "of her desk.
For, a moment the girl's face showed
hard and cynical in the moonlight.
There was a stir within the house,
the prelude of a song came to her.
Then a rich tenor voice broke Into the
refrain "Adelaide, Adelaide." A fam
ous tenor was^ singing and the girl's
eyes dimmed. "Adelaide!" A step
sounded ' behind her. She turned to
see Renshaw, her lace scarf in his
hand. Something in his expression
warned the girl that the crisis which
she had : so long been evading could
be postponed no longer. Her decision
must be made. -- He was ypung, rich.
"One can never go back. But per
haps one can start afresh," she an
swered quietly. "And I have never
forgotten."
The morning was clear, hut cold, and
on the crowded ferryboat only two
people, a man and a woman, dared
brave the forward deck. The woman,
tall and dressed in black, showed lines
of suffering and self reliance In her
face and a great sweetness. The man,
wrapped in a heavy coat, was hum
ming to himself. "Adelaide, Adelaide";
he breathed and the woman, with a
sudden start, turned. Recognition
leaped to both pair of eyes.
"Millicent! Is It really you? How
I have searched for a trace of .you,"
he cried. "But at your former home,
they only said that you had gone.' 1
The girl flushed under his look.
"After father died I had to leave
•New York," she said simply, "I
have been doing typewriting, proof
reading, what I could get. You know
I am poor."
'/^You!" cried the man again. Tou!
Typewriting! And I! Well, I have
not made the Metropolitan and prob
ably never will now. Some of the old
dreams are lost. But for the rest—
what little success I have won has
been due to you. Always.it has been
the . thought of you that has spurred
me on. It has always been your eyes.
MHIlcent, do you remember the old
days? Can we go back to them?
Must all the dreams go? Or have you
foTgotten?" There was a note of en
treaty in his voice and the girl's color
deepened, then she smiled back at
him.
good looking, why could she not care
for him? Had she not hoped for this?
Tried for this? Was it not expected of
her? Her breath quickened and sha
lifted her head. Well, he should have
his answer.
DAY DREAMS
•By A.M. Davies Og'den
Dean was talking across the table
to Eleanor Lee, and she suddenly
classed Eleanor with irrigation and
other unpleasant topics. Next to Dean
was Mrs. Chadwick. Her gray curls
were Just visible beyond his brown
ones. She was congratulating him,
Rosemary knew. She had been in
Europe all summer and had only
heard of the betrothal a few days ago.
It seemed to Rosemary that she was
unnecessarily rapturous and voluble
on the subject.
"It is the sweetest time of your
life," she was saying. "The betrothal
hour when we laugh and love, and let
His quiet, courteous sarcasm was
maddening under the circumstances.
She resolved not to even speak to
him atain. Old Mr. Rathburn sat -at
her other hand and she devoted
self to him with earnest fervor. He
was Interested in a plan for the irri
gation of the great American desert,
by means of huge, spinning hose noz
zles to be operated from balloons.
"But you'll have to get the water
up there before you can get it down,"
objected Rosemary, anxiously, for the
seventh time. She knew that Dean
was smiling amusedly. "Unless you
attach it to the clouds."
'Mr. Rathburn was silent and she
felt withered by a sense of his dis
pleasure, and she hated the theory of
irrigation by balloons or any other
way.
She laughed softly and buried her
lips caressingly in the heart of a single
long stemmed La France rose that lay
lightly on her breast.
The last trailing gown was vanish
ing beyond the heavy velvet portieres
of the dining-room as she came down
stairs. Only one lone figure awaited
her coming in the' wide hall and she
wondered who it could be. Not Jack.
Mrs. Creighton did not approve of
Jack. In fact she had once called
him a cub. Mild, but irritating— to
Jack. The figure turned suddenly,
at the sound of her coming. It was
Dean himself. Half unconsciously she
hesitated, her head lifted a trifle high
er than usual, her lashes drooping ob
stinately over telltale eyes.
He was terribly grave and dignified.
"I am to have the pleasure of taking
you In, Mrs. Creighton said. She evi
dently does not know."
"I had no idea that you would be
here." She spoke 'indignantly. It was
almost impertinent of him, when only
last night she had told him she never
wished to even look at him again.
"I could hardly help myself, after
accepting the invitation a week ago.
We will probably meet in the same
places for some time, until the break
ing of the engagement is announced.
At present, people consider us indis
pensable to each other's happiness."
loving her? Even Dean had called
her the dearest girl in the world. It
was swee£ to remember that. Of
course, he had behaved intolerably
about Jack, but when a man is in
love
IT wa.s late when Rosemary ar
rived. The otiier guests were
rising and dinner had been an
nounced. She had barely time
to toss aside her furs and exchange a
few hurried words with Mrs. Creigh
ton.
There was one thing certain, she de
cided, after a glance at Helen and the
rest. They had not heard yet and
ahe was glad of an hour's respite.
After the scene with Dean last night,
followed by a solemn one in the morn-
Ing with her mother, and finally the
reproaches and condolences of four
younger sisters, each with her indi
vidual opinion on the fitness of the en
gagement, it wa» a relief to breathe
freely without fear of conversational
dissection of her case.
"Who is to take me in?" she asked,
at the foot of the stairs, but Helen
was already bowing and smiling to
another guest as ehe answered:
"You're always late, dear, aren't
you? No excuse, though, please.
Don't you see the Senator looking
helpless and alone over there? He's
to take me in, and thinks I'm lost."
"But " Rosemary stopped short,
and went upstairs to the dressing
room with a little sudden heartache.
For a whole month, one only had had
the right and privilege of claiming
her, and now, ehe was free again. She
hoped Helen would not give her to
any one brilliant or strenuous to-night,
who would bother her by trying to
make an impression. She didn't want
to be impressed. In a measure, she
blamed impressionism for her engage
ment to Dean. He was a royal com
rade, clever and responsive, but not
too clever, or too responsive. There
was a difference. Looking back on
the joyous days of the month, she de
cided that it had been this element
of chumship, of mental affinity which
had been responsible for the whole
thing.
As a comrade. Dean was splendid,
but as a lover in the role of pros
pective husband to be wedded to for
life, she had suddenly discovered that
he was exacting, most exacting.
Any man who was engaged to a girl
and positively forbade any other man
falling in love with her was exacting.
Moreover, it was foolish, because,
; really, it was In the abstract a com
pliment to his own good taste.
Sne could not help Jack Stowell
telling her that he loved her. Of
course be loved her. He had told her
bo on an average of twice a month
for over a year. And he was a dear,
food boy
. She smiled contentedly at the mir
rored image of herself in the dressing
room, as she paused to tuck in a few
refractory hairpins. Who could help
(Copyright, 1904, by Itola L. For
rester.
Cupid bind us in r6se chains and
drive us at his. dear, capricious will,
span or tandem "
"It's generally tandem, Mrs. Chad
wick," said Dean, with merry scorn.
"There must be a leader t you know,
and Cupid's law Is ladies first"
"Ah, but they are only rose chains,
Dean." The gra^f curls were shaken
at him rebukingly. "And they break
so easily'. Once married they are rose
chains still, but some wise fate has
slipped links of steel beneath . the
petals."
"And if we break them now "
Dean paused.
"Then there are only scattered
roses in the dust, and Cupid weeping,
and rosemary — for remembrance. May
it never come to you." She smiled at
both young faces. "Memory is dear,
but not when all It brings to mind are
the broken rose chains."
There was a momentary hush. The
sweetly modulated old voice had car
ried to the far ends of the table and
all were listening. Rosemary's gaze
rested on her nlate. She dared not
meet Dean's eyes. The hush passed
and there was the low, light babel
of voices again. She heard him speak
ing to her, and held her breath to
listen. "
"Isn't she an old darling to say
that?"
"She doesn't know they are already
broken." He could hardly catch the
half whisper.
"But are they? Only last night, and
no one knows, and it was all a mis
take.". He bent with pleasing eyes
toward her. "Rosemary, my Rose
mary." .
"For remembrance?" She laughed,
a low, tremulous little laugh that was
the first sign of 'surrender.
"For life. Roses are sweet, but they
need the steel.'*
She hesitated, her eyes full of ques
tioning doubt.
"Jack didn't mean anything," she
said hurriedly. "He didn't really pro
pose. He knew that I was engaged,
•of course. He only said that he had
always loved" me, and after all, he's
only a boy. It couldn't matter in the
least, his loving me, when "
"When what?"
His tone was full of the old im
perative, proprietary command and
she met his glance for one swift, los
ing instant.
"When I loved you."
Mrs. Creighton was rising. As he
drew back Rosemary's chair he whis
pered: v
"Broken rose chains can be re
.woven, can^t they, dear? Forgive me."
He caught a fleeting glimpse of her
face as she passed on in the wake of
Mrs. Chadwick. She was tall and
sweet as a young Illy in her white lace
dinner gown, aHd he felt a wild, sud
den longing to crush her to his heart
before them all and- win the word of
forgiveness. :
She was gone and he was unan
swered, but . the La France rose lay
In his hand, and Rosemary was smil
ing as she, too, accepted Mrs. Chad
wick's congratulations In the drawing
room. • -, .'..-
By I. I*. Forrest
ROSE CHAINS
They reached the ears of the girl,
and she set forth on her bronco and
tried to trace them to their source.
Men shook their heads in a dubious
way, and refused to give her honest
answers, and at the end of three days
she asked Dave Henderson himself:
"You must know what is being said
of you in connection with the duel?"
He nodded his head.
"And what do you mean to do?"
"Kill Guillo!" he curtly replied.
The words were plain enough, but
there was something in the lover's gen-
ed with being one of the smartest of
the Anglo-Saxon cowboys, and the
other was Guillo Humayun, a Mexican
who could trace his ancestry back to
kings. All other Mexicans on the
ranches were spoken of as "Greasers."
Guillo was always referred to as Senor.
It was a compliment to his aristocratic
face, to his daredevil riding and to his
well-known courage. He had flattered
thi Senorita Huber, as he called her.
He had looked at her in a languishing
way and had spoken soft words of love,
but he had been met by a dignity and a
coldness that froze him out.
In the end the field had been left
to Dave Henderson, and while the
girl's choice had brought to others
humiliation and chagrin, it had also
been tacitly approved by the majority
of the unfortunates. Dave was smart;
he was a good fellow; he was on the
road to secure an interest In the big
"Three Stars." Guillo alone was
chagrined and vengeful, and it soon
became patent that he was biding his
time to provoke an affray, and to use
his guns. It must be brought about
diplomatically, it must come in such
a way as to present an appearance of
fairness, or he would be wiped out by
Dave's friends. To this purpose he
bent all his mental energies. When
the clash finally came "the Senor,"
too, had his backing, and when he de
manded a duel on horseback he was
announced to be within his rights.
Then came a single whisper. Given'
no attention, It soon became a buz
zing. It was said, even by some of
Dave's friends, that he had shown a
touch of the white feather in the first
encounter, and they doubted if he
would do the Three Stars credit on
the day of the duel.
These whispers reached his ears
and he simply replied, "Wait."
THERE was a buzz of talk at the
Thr*-«-iitar Ranch, at the Four-X
Ranch, at the roadhouse between
them and at the three or four
scattered cabins along Whip-Snake
Creek. There had been a clash between
Dave Hendtrson of the Three Stan
and Guillo Humayun of the Four X's.
It had been expected for long weeks,
and finally shots had been exchanged,
and Guillo had been slightly wounded.
Men had interfered then, but not until
a duel to the death on horseback had
been arranged to come off a week later.
The widow who had come to act as
landlady ut the roadhouse a year before
waa to blame — the widow Huber and
her daughter Viola, the latter a girl of
•eighteen. Their place was a house of
call for travelers, and was well patron
ized, although there was no bar and no
liquor was sold.
" Jf the seventy-five cowboys employed
on the three contiguous ranches were a
unit fn Uoclaring Viola Huber to be the
handsomest, cutest, Jolliest girl ever
seen on the grazing grounds of the
"West, there was no one to dispute. If
half the number fell In love at first
sight, that was only to be expected.
Let it he said, however, that the girl
was not a coquette, and that the adora
tfon and adulation were entirely un
sought for. Xor must one Jump to the
conclusion that thirty or forty cowboys
rode down to the roadhouse and offered
xrmrriaBt- in succession. On the con
trary, few of them ever passed a word
with the girl or got more than a
glimpse of her. They simply loved in
the abstract. Perhaps ten of the lot. In
the course of a year, had opportunities
for conversation, although only two of
them dared to flatter her or speak of
love. One was Dave Henderson, credit-
For thp first time since the duel was
talked about the girl was satisfied.
There was no bragging, no vaporing,
but a quiet, grim determination
Only the cowboys were to witness
the cowboy duel, and they flroit .points
afar off. Not a word was dropped to
the stage passengers who stopped for
breakfaft at 8 o'clock in the morning,
after an all-night ride.
* At 9 Viola stood in the doorway at
the lean-to, gazing with eyes, nar
rowed to a mere slit-out-out across
the endless stretch of sage brush. Be
hind her ran the cottonwood line . * ,hU*
marked the river's course, and beyond
-the bluffs. But the Three Stars men
must come from the prairie road.
Suddenly Viola started. There was a
black speck amid the gray tones or tne
sagebrush. The speck grew and elon
gated. Then she realized that the up
per part of the figure swayed uncer
tainly. It was the movement of a cow
boy sodden drunk in his saddle.
Viola's lips set firmly and her cheeks
blanched. For the pony beneath the
figure was the calico colored bronco
of Dave- Henderson.
The bronco cantered unerringly to .
where the girl stood, and as It stopped
the figure of Dave Henderson slid
limply from saddle to ground. His eyes
were bloodshot, his lips torn where his
teeth had shut tight upon them. One
arm— the right— hung useless at his
side and the dull tan of his "chaps
was stained with crimson.
• Henderson clutched at his saddle
pommel and missed it. He swung
around in a half circle and caught at
the doorjamb.
•The bunch on the Alameda arroya
stampeded last night. Mighty queer
business. And— 1— got— this— " he tried
to raise the uninjured arm, but failed.
"Treachery— damned— treaoh—"
Then he lurched through the door
way and lay at her feet, inert.
"The Alameda arroya! And he haa
ridden from there to be on time — with
his arm like that!"
Something hard and hot rose in the
girl's throat, and for a minute she
could not move, could not even go to
the aid of the man she loved. The
primeval instinct of motherhood was
hot within her. The light love of the
girl was smothered by the stronger
emotion.
She called to her mother, and they
carried him into the girl's own room,
and closed the door.
Ten minutes later the widow Huber
was working over the injured cowboy,
but the tears rolling .down her cheeks
were not for the man; for. darting to
ward the grove of cottonwoods, the
calico pony of Dave Henderson carried
a figure that tried to sit up as straight
and stiff as the bronco's owner ever
had.
The cowboys, grouped on the mesa
watched the calico pony come out of
the grove, and the sturdy little gray
bronco Invariably ; ridden by Gullla
dance gingerly from behind the bluffs.
The two horsemen circled around each
other with spirited tactics — and then
Guillo raissd his pistol and shot into
the air. But before the cowboys could
give vent to their amazement, the fig
ure on the calico pony seemed to rise
from the saddle, an arm darted forth —
there was a flash, a report, and Guillo
tumbled to the ground.
With an angry roar at such dishon
orable action on the part of a member
of their own band, the white cowboys
tore down the incline, while from the
bluff rushed the stream of Mexican re
tainers.
The two bands reached the spot
simultaneously. and their leaders
stopped short. For the hat pushed back
from the figure on the calico pony
showed the face of Viola Huber.
Guillo raised himself "on his elbows.
"Senor Henderson," he sneered, "was
afraid. The senorita would save his
honor. I do not fight the duello with
women!"
The girl turned upon the men with
flashing eyes.
"He lies with his last breath! Dave
Henderson wa3 shot before he ever
reached the dueling ground. Ask him
about the midnight assault on Alameda
arroya."
Without another glance in the direc
tion of the dying man. she sprang into
the saddle and the groups parted to let
jher pass.
eral demeanor that sent a chill to the
girl's heart. Something— perhaps in
tuition—told her that the man was
either a coward at heart, or he was a
brave man, who realized his danger
and was a bit nervous over jt.
"To-morrow forenoon at 10 o'clock,"
ho said the night before the duel, "I
shall ride forth from the cottonwoods
over there to meet Guillo as he comes
out from behind the bluffs, and I shall
do my best to kill him. We will not
say good-by; I hope to be heVe at this
same hour to-morrow night."
THE SAN FR'ANCISCO SUNDAY CALC,
FOR HONOR'S SAKEcf respect shown in taking off the hat
may tell volumes about their natural
tact and bringing up. It would be well
if all children would Iearri to greet ac
quaintances courteously, to take off the
hat properly, and on the proper occa
sions, to address strangers, when nec
essary, in a polite maner, to give In
formation cheerfully and to help gladly
any one who may need assistance.
Children should be told that friends
and acquaintances are never greeted
by a courteous person with the rude
"Hello!" bo common among our youth.
The hat is taken" off— not poked at with
a finger.
The name of the person greeted is al
ways spoken. The tone is always pleas
ant; never surly or condescending. A
gentlemanly boy will raise his hat in
bowing to ladies and to elderly men;
to any friend recognized by the lady
whom he may be accompanying; to
any acquaintance 'who is in the com
pany of ladles;, when a gentleman with
him salutes a lady; when he is with a
lady and salutes a gentleman whom he
knows; when he helps In any way a
lady who is a stranger; when he parts
company with a lady.
Manners In Traveling.
Instruct your children that in travel-
Ing conduct • should be marked by
quietness and unselfishness. Air travel
brings enough discomfort without the
added annoyance of noisy and rude fel
low-passengers, or the trouble caused
by ..those who selfishly disregard the
rights of others. Public conveyances
and stations are not the places for loud
talking, for the discussion, of private
affairs, for the display of fine clothes,
or for continual eating.
See that they are made to under
stand that ore of the worst vexations
of travel is the sslflshness often shown.
No one has a right to dispose of his
wraps and luggage so that they are in
the way of others, nor to occupy more
than the seat paid for. when others
need accommodation. Neither should
he open windows when a dangerous
draught or a shower of cinders for his
neighbor will the result, nor spread a
newspaper before his neighbor's face,
nor wriggle and flounce around contin
ually to others' discomfort.
A thoughtful, kind-hearted person
can do much to make a Journey less
wearisome to others, and to Increase
their comfort without being officious.
He can help 'ladles with parcels, or
can turn seats for them, or pull down
blinds, or assist those' unaccustomed
to traveling. He can do all this In
a tactful manner," and without in any,
case trying to make' the acquaintance
of those whom he help, or to be fa
miliar with them. -
. He—or she, rather. In this case
can have the ticket ready for the con
ductor without the delay often no
ticed. The well-bred person will
never crowd past others, or be in a
hurry, which always implies confusion,
and; of ten\ results- in accidents, ; mis
takes or loss. He will, too, keep his
seat till the train stops and leave, it
more safely and gracefully.
At a service in church we should
scarcely expect to see bad manners, as
we should suppose that the sacred*
ness of the place and the solemnity
inspired by its associations would be
sufficient to guarantee correct be
havior. Yet any observant attendant
at church will notice many things in
children which betrays great thought
lessness, a lack of a sense of propriety
and a want jj of the reverence that
should be a trait in every well-formed
character. Many of these faults are
due to carelessness, many to ignor
ance, and their correction should be
insisted upon by all parents.
See that they understand that it is
bad manners to come to church late;
it disturbs others and attracts notice.
It can generally be avoided. It Is
commonly the same people that walk
in late Sunday after Sunday. The
habit shows a disregard for others'
rights 1 that is inexcusable. Tell them
that in the rare .cases when late at
tendance is unavoidable a back seat
should be quietly taken, and any fur
ther progress up the' aisle' made when
the congregation stands up.
Do not fail to teach them that showy
and over- rich • garments . should not be
worn to church. They are out of keep
ing with the object of the service; and
they j attract notice, and . sometimes
quite distract the attention of others.
Plain dressing is in better taste, even
for those who can afford expensive
clothes; and the poor will not be kept
WHEREVER children are
thrown into contact with the
public, whether on the street,
in traveling, in churches or
in places of amusement, good breeding
has a wide opportunity to speak well
' for the home influences which have
Eurrcunded them. Bad taste, coarseness
and vulgarity have ample scope for ex
hibition and for proclaiming one's
"standards, associations and family
• training.
• All are judged in public entirely by
their appearance and actions. The
many people who see children have no
time to Inquire into the standing of the
family and to make excuses for
thoughtlessness. They grade them at
first sight, and parents owe it to them
eelves to see that their children behave
appropriately everywhere, no matter
how far they may be from home.
Many young people who are carefully
trained at home and who conduct
themselves with tolerable propriety un
der the parental eye are very careless
about their behavior when unaccompa
nied by their elders on the street or in
.public places. They thereby cause
'much criticism on their own characters
and many unflattering comments on
their parents.
Children should early learn that good
taste and good sense require that a
high standard of conduct should be
maintained with special strictness in
'public. They should be taught that no
well-bred people wish the attention of
. strangers called to them; that to make
one's self as inconspicuous as possible
is the general rule of conduct outside
of the home. Many of the following
special rules arc intended to secure
this result.
Attracting Attention on the Street.
See that your children know that all
showy or gaudy dress is in bad taste
on the street, because if attracts notice.
Quiet colors should be used; extreme
fashions should be avoided.
Have them understand that noisy
talking and laughing, indulgence in
rough sport, are rude anywhere. They
are especially so on the street, or in
public conveyances. Young people are
often thoughtlessly noisy on their way
to and from school. They take up more
than their share of the pavement,
crowding and pushing others, or block
the way at street corners while trying
to bid one another adieu. By their bad
manners, they bring on themselves,
their family and their school an
amount of blame that can easily be
avoided.
Other actions, awkward in them
eelves, and drawing unpleasant notice,
are such tricks as eating, or chewing
gum in public, pointing at objects,
turning around to gaze at people, or
etaring at them, or staring in at pri
vate windows. See that your children
are told that these last faults are not
only awkward and noticeable, but are
signs of a vulgar . curiosity that is
never felt by a well-bred person.
Greeting Acquaintances.
Another group of rules concerns the
greetings they may give to those whom
they meet Much of character Is re
vealed by the way In which. they sa
lute or speak to others. The little act
from attendance by too sharp a con
trast between their garments and thosa
of their wealthier neighbors.
Explain that no gaping around to see
who are in seats further back, or who
are entering, should be indulged in. If
the culprits in this respect could see the
ridiculous and "gawky" effect of their
twisted necks, perhaps vanity would
stop the ill-bred practice".
See that they are told that no whis
pering or laughing in church is per
missible. 'Nothing is more irreverent
than this; nothing so disturbs the wor
shipers; nothing so deserves instant
rebuke from the officiating clergyman.
Of course, no right-minded child will
wear his hat inside of a church door,
or scribble in books in the pews; yet
occasional .offenses in these respects
call for a word of protest and caution.
No well-bred person will lounga in
church, or yawn, or be Inattentive. He
will, bo far as he can, follow the forms
of the service, and take part where it is
proper to do bo. He will, of course,
not laugh at anything said or done,
even if the form of worship be unfa
miliar to him, or the ceremonies Incom
prehensible.
He will not be guilty of the "bad
form" shown in slamming books into
racks, instead of gently slipping them
in; or in making preparations for de
parture while the minister Is concluding
the service. He will remember, too, on
the way out that the church is not the
place for social calls. Reverence re
quires -that he should pass out quietly.
Manners In Plnces of Amusement.
Children should learn that in places
of amusement bad manners are an in
fringement on the rights of others who
have come for pleasure and have paid
for their amusement. No one has
any business to come late to a play or
a concert or a lecture. It breaks in
upon the performance and disturbs
persons and audience alike. If one
must be late, he should stand until tha
musical selection is finished and then
go to his seat with as littla Incon
venience to others as possible. ¦£ :-.!..
Children should be told that talking
during the performance la Intolerable,
as it distracts attention and deprives
others of pleasure. Expressions of Im
patience at delays are like such ex
pressions everywhere — ill-bred. Com
posure and patience mark the gentle
man and lady under all circumstances.
Applause should be given to what
meets with approval. It is right and
proper to give such a tribute to skill
and artistic merit: but a demonstra
tion with the feet is unnecessary "and
rude.
One should stay until the close of
the entertainment, even if it has
proved tiresome, unless some Impera
tive reason exists why one should
leave early. At the present time hats
are generally removed by ladles and
girls at public entertainments, so that
the woman or girl who keeps her
head-covering on is rather conspic
uous than otherwise, and may obstruct
the view of those behind her. |j £.
Finally, teach your children that no
rules can provide for every variety of
circumstances that may corns into
their experience as they meet and
deal with others; buc the possession
of good sense, good taste, and an, un
selfish spirit will show them what to
do In each case. If their behavior is
guided by these, they may be sure
that It will be appropriate.
By William J. S&earer
Twenty -Ninth paljg to Parents
ON THE BEHAVIOR OF CHILDREN IN PUBLIC PLACES
in Berlin. It must have been the Christ
mas before, I think." "If he is the dear,
kind fellow you say he is, how is it
that you haven't seen him for two
years?" "Because* as I tell you, he is
at home, in Detroit. How can I see him
when I am here in Dresden and he \s in
Detroit? You do ask foolish questions.
He means to try and come over in the
summer if he can spare the time, and
then, of course " "Answer my ques
tions, please; I've spoken to you once
about it. Do you think you are per
forming your duty as a wife, enjoying
yourself in Dresden and Berlin while
your husband is working hard in De-
troit?" "He waa quite willing for me
to come. The American husband
Is a good fellow, who likes his wife
to enjoy herself." "I am not asking for
year view on the American husband.
I am asking your views on the Ameri
can wife — on yourself. The American
husband appears to be a sort of stain
ed-glass saint, and you American wives
are imposing upon him. It is doing
you no good, and it can't go on fc-r
ever. There win come a day when
the. American husband will wake up
to the fact that he's making a fool of
himself, and by over indulgence, over
devotion, turning the American wc-man
into a heartless, selfish creature. What
sort of a home do you think it is in
Detroit, with you and the children
over here? Tell me, is the x American
husband made entirely of driven snow
with blood distilled from moonbeams,
or is he composed of the ordinary In
gredients. Because if the latter, you
take my advice and go back home.
I take it that in America proper there
are millions of real homes where tli»
wc-man does her duty and plays the
game. But, also, 1t Is quite clear that
there are thousands of homes in Amer
ica, mere echoing rooms, where the
man walks by himself, his wife and
children scattered over Europe. • It
isn't going to work; it isn't right that
it. should work. You take the advice
of a sincere friend. Pack up— you and
the children — and set horns." I left.
It waa growing late, I felt it was tlmo
to leave. Whether she took my counsel
I cannot say. I only know that' there
still remain in Europe a goodly number
of American wives to whom It is appli
cable. JEROME K. JEROME.
Exchange.)
(CoTJTlshtfl 1904 hy Central Newi and Pres:
'I am glad I am not an American
husband. At first sight this may ap
pear a remark uncomplimentary to the
American v.ife. It is nothing of the
"eort. It is just the other way about.
We In Europe have plenty of opportu
nity of judging the American wife. In
America you hear of the American
wife, you are told stories about the
American wife, you see her portrait in
the illustrated Journals. By searching
.under the heading "Foreign Intelli
gence" you can find out what she is
doing. • But here In Europe we know
'jier, meet her face to face, talk to her,
flirt with her. She is charming! • • •
delightful! That is why I say I am
.glad I am not an American husband.
If the American husband only knew
•irow really nice the American wife was
•J;e would sell his business and come
over here, where now and then he could
eee her. Tears ago, when I first began
'to travel about Europe, I argued to
«yself that America must be a deadly
•place to live in. How sad it Is, I
•thought to myself, to meet thus, wher
ever one goes, American widows by
the thousand. In one narrow by-street
cf Dresden I calculated fourteen Amer
ican mothers, possessing nine-and
twenty bright American children, and
not a father among them — not a single
'husband between the whole fourteen!
I pictured fourteen lonely graves, scat
tered over the United States. I saw,
£3 in a vision, those fourteen head
etones of best material, hand-carved,
recording: the virtues of those fourteen
£ead and burled husbands. Odd.
thought I to myself, most decidedly
odd, these American husbands; they
must be a delicate type of humanity.
The wonder is their mothers ever
•reared them. They marry fine girls ap
parently, the majority of them; two or
three sweet children are born to them,
end after that there seems to be no
•further use for them as far as this
•world is concerned. Can nothing be
.done to strengthen their constitutions?
'Would a tonic be of any help to them?
Not the customary tonic, I don't mean,
the sort of tonic merely intended to
and off." "And all alone?'' I com
mented with a sigh intended to invite
confidence. "Well, hardly alone,"
she corrected me, while a look of.pa
tient resignation added dignity to her
piquant features; "you see, there are
the dear children always round about
me during the holidays. Besides," she
added, "the people here are, all so real
kind to me, they hardly ever let »me
feel myself alone. We make up littla
parties, you knoyr, picnics and excur
sions; and then, of course,' there is the
opera and the symphony concerts arid,
the subscription dances. The dear.old
King has been doing a good deal thia
winter, too, and I must say the em
bassy folks have been most thoughtful
so far as I am- concerned.* No, it
would not be right for me to com
plain of loneliness, not now that M
have got to know a few people, as it
were." "But, don't you miss your
husband?" I suggested. A cloud
passed over her usually sunny face.
"Oh, please, don't talk about him,"
Ehe said; "it makes me feel read,
sad thinking about him." But
having commenced I was deter
mined that my s'ympathy should not
be left to waste. "What did he , die
of?" I asked. She gave me a look,
the pathos of which I shall never for
get. "Say, young man," she cried,
"are you trying to break It to me
gently? Because if so, I'd ratheryou
told me straight out. What did he die
of?" "Then, isn't he dead?" I asked;'
•'I mean so far as you know?" "Never
heard a word about his being dead till
you started the idea," she retorted.
"So far as I know, he's alive and well."
I said that I was sorry. I went on
to explain that I did not mean that I
was sorry to hear that in all proba
bility he was alive and well; what I
meant was that I was sorry I had in
troduced a painful - subject. "What
painful subject?" '.'Why, your hus
band," I replied. "But why should
you call hhn a painful subject?" I
had an idea that she was getting an
gry with me. She did not say so; I
gathered ifi Buf I had to explain my
self somehow. "Well," I answered,
ft I take it you didn't get on weif to
gether and I am sure it must, have
been his fault." "Now, look here,"
she said, "don't you breathe a word
against my husband or we shall quar
rel., A nicer, dearer fellow never
lived." "Then what did you divorce
him for?" - I asked. It * was imper
tinent, it was unjustifiable. My ex
cuse is that the mystery surrounding
the American husband had been wor
rying me for months. Here had I
stumbled upon the •• opportunity of
solving it. -." Instinctively I clung to my
advantage. "There has not been any
divorce. There is not going to be any
divorce. You will make me cross in
another minute." But I was becom
ing reckless. "He Is not dead! You
are not divorced from ' him! • • •
Where is he?" I demanded with soma
heat. "Where la he," she replied, as
tonished, "where should he be? At
home, of course." I looked around
the luxuriously furnished room with its
air of cozy comfort, of substantial rest
fulness. "What home?" I asked. "What
home! • Why, our home in Dstroit."
"What is he doing there?" I 'had
become so much In earnest that my
voice had assumed unconsciously an
authoritative tone. Presumably It hyp
notized her. She answered my question
as though she had been in the witness
box. "How do I know? How can I
possibly tell what he is doing? What
do people usually do at home?" "An
swer the questions, madame, don't ask
them. What are you doing here? Quite
truthfully, if you please." My eyes
were fixed upon her. "Enjoying myself.
He likes me to enjoy myself. Besides,
I am educating the children." "You
mean they are here at boarding-school,
while you are gadding about. What is
wrong with American education? When
did you secyour husband last?" "Last?
Let me see! No, last Christmas I was
make gouty old gentlemen feel they
want to buy a hoop, but the sort of
tonic for which it i3 claimed that If you
poured three drops upon a ham sand
wich the next moment you would hear
it— the ham sandwich— grunt.
Also, it struck me as pathetic, the
thought of -these American widows in
their thousands, leaving their native
land, coming over in Ehiploadsi to
spend the rest of their blighted lives
in exile. The mere thought of Amer
ica, I took it, had forever become to
them distasteful. The ground that
once his feet had pressed! • • • The
old familiar places once lighted by his
smile! • • • Everything in America
would remind them of him. Snatching
their babes to their heaving bosoms,
they would leave the country where
lay buried all the Joy of their lives,
eeek In the retirement of Paris, Flor
ence or Vienna oblivion of the past.
Also, it struck me as beautiful: the
noble resignation with which they bore
their grief, hiding their sorrow from
the indifferent stranger. Some widows
make a fuss, go about for weeks look
ing gloomy and depressed, make not
the slightest effort to bo merry. These
fourteen widows — I know them person
ally, all of them. I lived in the same
street — what brave show of cheerful
ness they made! what a lesson to the
common or European widow, the
humpy type of v.idr.-.v. One could
spend whole days in their company — I
had done it — commencing quite early In
the morning with a. sleighing excursion,
finishing' up Quite late in the evening
with a little supper party followed by
an impromptu dance, and never detect
from their outward manner that they
were not thoroughly enjoying them
selves. From the mothers I turned my
admiring eyes toward the children.
This is the. secret of American success,
said I to myself, this high-spirited
courage, this- Spartan contempt for
suffering:. Look at them, the gallant
little men and women! "Who would
think that they had lost a father? Wliy.
I have seen a British 'child more
upset at losing sixpence. Talking to
a little girl one day, I inquired of her
concerning the health of, her father.
The next moment I could have bitten
my tongue out, remembering that there
wasn't such a thing as a father — not an
American father — in the whole street.
She did not burst into tears like they
do in the story books. She said, "He
is quite well, thank^you,". simply, pa-<
thetically, just like that. "I am sure
of it," I replied with fervor, "well and
happy, as he deserves to be, and one
day you will find him again; you will
go to him." "Ah, yes," she answered,
a Ehining light. It seemed to me, upon
her fair young face. "Mamma says she
is getting Just a bit tired of this one
horse sort of place. She is quite look-
Ing forward to seeing him again." It
touched me very deeply — this weary
woman, tired of her longr bereavement,
actually looking forward to the fear-
Fome passage, leading her to where
the loved one waited for her in a better
land.
For one bright, breezy creature I
grew to feel a real regard. All the
months that I hcd known her, seen
her almost daily, never once had I
heard a single cry of pain escape her
lips, never once had I heard her curs-
Ing fate. Of the many who called
upon her in her charming flat not one
had ever, to my knowledge, offered her
consolation or condolence. It seemed
to me cruel, callous. The overbur
dened heart, finding no outlet for its
imprisoned grief, no sympathetic ear
into which to pour its tale of woe,
breaks, we are told; anyhow, it isn't
good for it. I decided — no one else
seeming keen — that I would supply
that sympathetic ear, and the very
next time I found myself alone with
her I introduced the subject. "You
have been living here in Dresden a
long time, have you not?" I asked.
"About five years," she answered, "on
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL'.
ON AMERICAN
WIVES A LA MODE
15Erie street, San Francisoo: Eliza Lash,
Suibun City; Genevleve Mitchell, Au
burn; Ella Wlnneld, 1623 Noe street.
San Francisco; Elmle Hsnaen. .-Los
Bahos. '• ¦'•- ' .**
meda; Stella Clark. Vallejo; Julius
Pfall, Riverside: Burnett Wilson, Tu
lare; Daisy Pendergast. Vallejo; Iiouis
Murray, Ross; Rosa Howe, San. Diego;.
Irma Cook, Kern City; Mary Hughes,
346 Arlington street.. . San . Francisco;
Janet Hansen, Los Banosi Norma Rob
ertson, San Jose; Nomo Fisher, Sacra
mento; Clement Lang, 748 O'Farrell
street, San Francisco; Ruth 'Anderson,
16 Elliott Park, Sen I Francisco; -A.
Lloyd, 5 Middle street, 8an Francisco;
Leslie Koegel, 96 Cumberland street,
San Francisco; F. 'Robinson. 5 Middle
street, San Francisco; .Moore Lee, 2454
Post street, San Francisco; Leona Eng
wer, 1788 Union street, San Francisco;
Walter Hammer, 164 Clipper street, San
Francisco; JJvy Carpenter. Falrfleld;'
Zelda Zuicker. 1132 Adeline street, Oak
land; Irene Wood,. Emeryville: Paul
Dunckborst. Sacramento; Ruth Cum
mings. 138 Fourth avenue, San Fran
cisco; Arthur Cummings. 138 Fourth
avenue. San Francisco : Horace Wall
ing. 1218 Jones Btreet, San Francisco;
M. R. Green, 721% Tennessee street,
San Francisco; Vlolette Jones, Mer
ced; Emerald Voodry. Stockton; Mary
Davis, 1145% Mission street. San Fran
cisco; Fred Mulvahy, Berkeley;- Mary
Mulvany, Berkeley; Villa Devoto, 65
r\ Y OW, children, here is soiuetliSn? to set your henrts rcjoiclngrt'Homcthing; to make, you work harder
.. , I \J than cvor before. It is a new list of books; sonic that you have liad to ' clicose from • before and
I some Unit hiiyc never been published in this list. Isn't thut ctciting? And they artfjTll of the sn:«c
V,, Ijcautlful scries, with pretty individual illustrated eovcrs ; that nut ko your., librnry... look so very deco
r.ithc as. well as classic, for nil of these bwksjn^fam^^ ru:«!3 and
% not only reads, but keeps to read agtiin nnd yet agnln. And Ux^y nro^i^lnothi^ |ll % "UicVi.^ r
And tli« puzzles to-day: they are easy, every one.; ' ofiHiycm. /:J^vVnVtan6cr'yo«-«U 'thoiv^Abpiit dlf- .
fercnt kinds of boats, even if you have never nctuolly],^e^nl?nny^Qf^^^^^^c^lnlij^pt^$i-Pla|t»irF5 on
tills pace, while as for jewelry, what little boy or girl i:h'9f'^r*t v> i6^ed^t^
airistnins time and birthdays and seen ever so many things tiiaVthcjvw'oVld like tb.liaVc ?''"¦, Truly.n^lals.^o •
easiest ll?t of puzzles .-. • 't.'^'Ot-^ / V;||'^'^^ ll ' 1 | ; '^"' ; T|
'. Of course I here in no need of telling jou ngain what -riv£ -reward .-Ls-in«*»taxe fnr^.Tou» it-4<iu..»uijB^.y.
i'hoic books Jill t)pcak?for themselves. , ,*'•'¦:'¦ y- ?" s .:'¦ : - *'¦-*& r + -¦ .• ».'.'"
-^•1^ .'. But, cliildi-cii, pay strict,. attention nqvr. Here l»^<?!«ftiil»^: thc* V I^"iMJfcy^ltpr*wnn^t^?
\ ',- imsttifltcc nuriiberr^r^Tliis'^ls ..importait^bccaitse- niafny u^dka^teru^bciuR>nJlurn<'(i'>!bceaus!C{ of ad- }
dresses. .'Aud. don't v _forsct r.i.v*' "rJj* ''•''*-' "r "r» •¦ > ' ¦ ,vT; ' '* '. -vVt,' : v ,r.i? K^H-d'/- '• '¦•,.. ¦¦'.
* v ' >. pijbjA.SE. DOXTT SEJjTD 1>" AX Y~ ilXiai'K KS r Oli PHOOFS TUAT J ARE UXTO>-Et^--\Thlch ;t
means tl»at;4hey will tpdc as'soon a s they are 'exposed to lir t¥iev*«fi. anil 1 don't forget to write yourritarao and'.'
sddreK»;dn the ba^k of. each and every pliotoiiuph. Anil by, all nieaiis('bc^uns l that /du ure a prize win
ner before^ you send in 'Any picture at all. V ¦!¦ ¦".""'.- * ' ' '"¦'*' ,'''.*"':' '< " . "'
: ¦" And- remember this:- You will all have a chance not only to Win one '' of^ those*' 1. 30 *prTzesi butTcrt."
Vyonr picture published ns'wcll. The Puzzle Editor wants all the prize \tIhim ; ts ; t«i^ send* In .their pictures
'" -^Hthe whole 130 eicry week If possible. Begin risht. now. Don't. watt. The "more tlie nicrrlcr.
can't be too' many. But remember, only the prize winners can -liuve) their pictures published. ''* . , ..«.*^"--
v v . TIIKltE ARE ONKJhUNDUEI) AKD F11TY TKIZES. and this is what you must do to win one o? i
them: . ¦ -." ¦.,-..¦ ' ;¦"''. '.' '"'." .". '. ,\. ::¦["¦ : , ; ••¦'^ •
- ¦¦'" '.. Find the names of Four Different Kinds of Boats as shown in pictures 1, 2,3 and 4 and Pour Dif
ferent Things Seen in a Jewelry . Store as shown In pictures 5,,C, 7 and X on^tbJs page and write^ them, out'
In the space opposite the proper corresponding numbers provided for tlie purposcln the, coupon on this '
• page, ns per. directions; nil in the coupon with your name and address and the prize yon desire— If you Vrln '
— and send tlie coupon to the EDITOR OP THE NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call, San Francisco, Cal. "V
RE>fE3iBEl»— To the FIRST ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BOYS. AND GIULS who solve Uio twelve
r.nme Puzzles, correctly, one of these ONE HUNDRED AND. FIFTY BEAUTIFUIi PRIZES will bo awarded.
And don't foi-get tills next point, because it is very Important: M ALL ANSWERS MUST REACH '
THIS OFF1CEBY FRIDAY NOON. Tills gives all those In the country an equal .'chance to compete^
Read rxrrything on this page, to bo euro tliat you overlook nothlns that will help yon to win a prise.
. THE NAMES .OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY T\fO
WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, June 5. , ' '
These ure the I'WENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose If yon solve all the Bus
tles correctly: • - , * .
\ 0 ™}* 1 *" 0 ' by Halery; A Christmas CaroL by Dickens; Ethics of the Dost, by Raskin: Heroes
?° d L, He^. Wor8hl P» b^ Carlyle; Kidnaped, by Stevenson; Knickerbocker's History of New iork. by Irrto« t
J? u ? Ie !L5l; M S e ! Iths 11 People, by Kipling; The Pilgrim's Progress, by Bunyan; Plearorea of. life,
by Lnbbock; Raband His Friends, by Brown; Rip Van- Winkle, by Irving; Samaritha at Saratoga, by Hol
71 Ul^!S! : J^ 108 ' by Hawthorn °; Tom^ Brown's School »Days, by Hughes ; Treasure rslandTby Steven
ta^^Sves? "^ H * WthOrn ° ; UnC!O V™***** 1 * 1 ***™"'* A -Wonder Book, l,y Hawthorne; Phi.
NEW PRIZES THIS WEEK
THESE JiRE
THE PRIZE
WINNERS
OF MAY 8.
gCLOW are S^vea the names of
the 159 lucky children who
solved the pu=z:«£ — Names of
Col!eg«5 and Conveyances — in
the contest of May 8:
'Agr.*s McMauvn, 220 Tenth street.
San Francfcro; Elizabeth Finnir, 353
Oak street. £-in Francisco; Gludys
Hamilton, ?11 Florida street, San Fran
cisco: Lulu MItcheHJ 12C7 York street.
# San Francisco; Gecrge Parisen, 65
'Cumberland street. San Francisco;
Irene Slevin, - 10i»6 Treat avenue, San
Francisco; Gerald Beazell, Llvermore;
lfcabel Armstrong. 1016 Clay street. Oak
land: HoracePyper,666Xineteenthstreet.
•*ak!and; Hazel Lown-y, SSS T-ntb
street. Oakland; Gladys O'Brien, CIS
Eleventh street, Oakland; Flora Flynn,
"22 Octavia street, San Francisco; Vida
Deter, 2*0 Pennsylvania avenue. San
Francisco; Joseph Meagher, 336 Yallejo
fctreet. San Francisco; Carlie Thorap.
son, 1876 Fifteenth street, San Fran
. Cisco; Michel Gradvohl, 1234 Pc?t
street, San Francisco; Charles Mc-
Gulre. ?0S Treat avouuc, s?an Francisco;
Belle Noover. Gilr-ty; George Foster,
Dixon; Albert Stei-.hart. Santa CJara:
LJcyd Richard?, 1113 Castro stre?t. San
F'rancipc-o; Nellie L^wi?, Gridiey; Dix
on Stephens. Woodland; May Taylor.
SoS Castro street, Oakland; Katie Tay
lor, 858 Caslro street. Oakland; P. l~
Tenney. Stockton; Allison House, Vi
*alia; Cecil Xeal, 1CS5 Geary street.
San Francisco: Ralph Dradley, Santa
<"rt:z; Gladys Johnston, Santa Cms;
Jxuing Rhodes. San Jcse; Rose Colc
man, ".24 Post street, San Francisco;
C<?Ua Co^eman. 521 Post street, San
Francisco: Leo King. Alameda; Mil
dred Smith, ""2 Turk street, San
Fcancisco; Johnnie Youns, Gridiey;
Charles Tours. Grid!ey: Pearl Ne-w
by. Dixon; Milton Thomas, 324 EI
cie street. San Francisco; Edmund
. Power?. 1714 Clay street, San Fran
cisco:. Edna Schulte. Alameda;
Elmer Short, 1340 Forty-ninth avenue,
San Francisco: Beatrice Miner, Ala
meda; Ward Durgin, Berkeley;" Zelma
Adams, Berkeley; Walter Green, 1211
Jcckson street, San Francisco; Orville
Adams, Berkeley; Louise Washington,
Watscnviile; Nicholas Lettunich. Wat-
Bonville; Adele Badarous, 104 Baker
£tr€?t, San Francisco; Dagmar Xichol
alsen, 472 Stevenson street, San Fran
cisco; Marjory Ingham, 1351 Nineteenth
avenue, Oakland; Maud Russell. Hay
wards; Fannie Casey. Mcnlo Park;
Charlie Ingham, 1251 Nineteenth ave
nue. Oakland: Emily Balz, 143S Ver
mont, street, San Francisco; Sammle
Hern, Tulare; Mary Balz. 1426 Vermont
street,. San Francisco; Milton Richards,
1113 Castro street, San Francisco;
Emrr.a Tubbs, 1224 Tork street, San
Francisco; JImmIe Clark, 2318 Bryant
street. San Francisco; Marguerite BelL
2010 Sutter street, San Francisco; Ruth
Randofph. 13I:3~"Oa3£ street,' Saoi 'Fran:
oisco; Rcsa Levvfn, 8€6 Castro street,
Oakland; lrciie, Bennett, Ross; Jennie
KIniball. Walnut Creek; G. Russell,
San Juan; II. Irving, 1523 Scott street,
San Francise*-: Edwin Schroeder, Ala
mcoa; Fred Mu?so, San Jose; Margaret
MarUa/ 7- Guerrero street, San' Fran
cisao* Hurry Stieg. Vallejo: Madeline
Jewftu.Vellejo; W. J. Shields, C022
Washlpstoq, street. San Francisco; Ed
na Murptfv. 2S2S McAllister street. San
Francisco;* Galligan, 2171
Eighth stfeet,' San Francisco; D. C.
Wilk«m*. 42V. Eri e street. San Fran
cIscokL- J- Smith, 264 Dore street. San
Francisco; Jim . Barrett, ZZZ /Tenth
street. San Francisco; Aibert, Moyft,
2817 Harrison street, San Francisto-
Clara Chase.. 211 Bartlett 'street, San'
Francisco; Gladys 'Vezey, ' Modesto;'
Cole-man Kerr,' • Diron; - Annie Cane
vascini, '¦Pttaluma; Walter • Graff,
Berkeley; .John Murray, San Quentin;
Lorene Mellon.. 379 Alcatraz avenue,-
Oakland; E. 4 Rademacher, 1355 McAllis
ter street, Sajj Francisco; C.'Martin,'l78
Guerrero street, San Francisco; Rt-sina
Ryerson.'2l25-Unifc)n street,' San Fran
cisco; Esther »-Dlckson, 458 Devisadero
street. .Ban •Francisco; Eva* Mallck,
Elmhurst; Genevleve Mart ell, 911 Scott
street, . San . Francisco; Hubert Soher,
1S57 McAllister* street. San- Francisco;
May Fletcher. Mill Valley; Aeries Sheer-'
In, 2206 Geary street.' "San Francisco; "F.
L. Sheerin. 220S Geary street, San Fran
cisco;. William •>. Rosenberg^ Alameda;
EtherGlrdwood. 1256 Church street, San
Francisco; Ruth Chrisroan, Clements;
Milton Smith,"- 1039 Howard street, San
Francisco; -Vivian Graaff, Arroyo
Grande; NIeJ 'Ferguson. Rio Vista;
Florence Taylor. Santa Rosa; Janet
Smith, Santa Rosa; Abble Trade, 1792
Fifteenth street. San Francisco; Walter
Pratt, Crockett; Elroa Winshlp, San
Rafael: Le Roy Munro, Alameda; Win
ifred Corbln. 201 Buena Vista avenue,
San Francisco; Thelma Stevens, 4180
Twenty-fifth street, San Francisco;
Helena Warness, 26 Rincon street, San
Francisco; Genevleve Kerdell, Ala-
THE SAN -.' FRANCISCO ' SUNDAY 3 CALL.
-,_.. A highly important invention affect
*, ing optical ' science in general and the
".further development of the eye special
' lst's profession \ in treating eye rifrraaea
"iand faulty vision in particular was re
it cently made in Berlin. According to a
•'German exchange the assistant of the
university clinic of the Royal Charity
¦Hospital, Dr. Walther Thorner. has
succeeded in' solving a problem which
had received much ' attention from
niany> others before him, but with llt
tie 1 or /;no success. He managed to
photograph the . background of ¦ the
eye and obtain. good pictures of It, too.
-His 'invention represents a material
•improvement on the ophthalmoscope
invented by Helmholta In 1850. Th«
¦* latter, .' how: ver, only admitted ef
viewing the background of the eye.
, - The fact that all, attempts to photo
graph .the . interior of the background
of the eye had remained fruitless so
far, was due to the peculiar construc
tion of the eye. It is difficult to light
up the interior to such an extent as to
enable one to take a photograph of It,
and even in, the use of strong sources
of light the exposure. would require so
| much, time that, the eye would hare to
be fixed, which would mean great In
convenience to the patient Now Dr.
Thorner has constructed an apparatus
. with which he first succeeded in pho
tographing the eyes of «^m«Tg. espe
dally cats.— Jewelers' Circular,
R.are Invention
NAME PUZZLES
16
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Fuzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S,F.
Te Paxzle Editor. Sunday CaZL
San Frcncisco:
Below In thrlr proper mm
ben plra«c find my solntloa off
Four Different Boats and Four
Different Tilings Seen In a Jew-
elry Store represented In this
week's name puzzles:
1
a .".
s
4 .'.
. "' Tr '™'
Slay 22, 1001. ' .
State m M».....*.. inn<IJ)<
If I win. I choose for prize
• ¦ +
• ••••- •••••••• •••••?».,-. #
v (See list ofmaster mariner's certificate, and is now captain as well as owner; of her
steam yacht, the Helliwake. Of course when, she goes on a cruise she has
a competent sailing master and crew "on board, but there can be no longer
any question of.' divided authority. On her : own /yacht. Lady Chrichton-
Stuart is at all times "She Who Must Be Obeyed." . ". ,
\ There can be *no race for, the America's cup this year,' but if some
American woman would take the initiative and issue a challenge . for a
series of races in small yachts, it undoubtedly would be promptly accepted
by English yachtswomen.
LONDON, May 21. — The 11-year
old Franz von; Vecsey has taken the
musical world "of London by storm by
his marvelous violin playing.
He came here with a great reputa
tion from the Continent, but it is
freely: admitted" that he has surpassed
every expectation.* He is undersized
for his age .'and dresses in white, with
knickerbockers and bare legs. ,
, His first essay was Wienawski's con
certo in D minor, executing all the ex
cessively difficult technique of 'the
work with finished mastery. The; per
formance aroused • a tempest of ap
plause,, as did his subsequent achieve
ments.
It is declared that he has the possi
bilities of another Kubellk.
Child Prodigy Startles London Musi
cal World by Marvelous
Playing.
ELEVEN- YEAR-OLD BOY
IS RIVAL TO KUBELJK
i The hospital consists c: eight Indian
tents and a kitchen of sun dried bricks.
On an average six operations are per
formed daily in the largest tent. Two
tents are set ar ! for the accommoda
tion of in-patients, but only the more
severe cases are admitted. In another
tent out-patients are treated by Mr.
MacCallan's Arab assistant, who has
been trained in Cairo. Besides this as
sistant there are attached to the hos
pital about ten nurses and servants.
Great numbers at patients seek treat
ment and the large proportion of fe
males who present themselves shows
that the hospital has secured the con
fidence of the Mohammedan popula
tion.
CAIRO, May 21.— A remarkably Inter
esting experiment In surgery is being
carried out in Egypt under the direc
tion of A. F. MacCallan, who was for
merly connected with the Royal Lon
don Opthalmlc hospital.
About a year ago $200,000 was placed
at the disposal of the Egyptian Gov
ernment for the benefit of sufferers
from diseases of the eye. The Egypt
ian sanitary department decided to es
tablish a traveling ophthalmic hospital
or dispensary to obviate the necessity
of patients making long Journeys to
obtain treatment.
Interesting Experiment in Surgery
Proves Successful Among
Natives of Egypt.
TRAVELING HOSPITAL
FOR EYE TREATMENT
PARIS, May 21.— Many of the effects
of the late Queen Isabella of Spain,
who died recently in Paris, will be of
fered for sale. Among them is a paint
ing that has a romantic history reveal
ing some of the good traits of this
most reckless Queen-
Before her exile, when as Dowager
Queen she was causing all manner of
political and social troubles in royal
circles, she received a visit from the
painter Antonio Gisbert, who had been
ruined financially by some political
upheaval in Spain. Isabella lent him
$160,000, taking no security. Gisbert
afterward achieved fame as a painter
of historical subjects and some por
traits. * Among the latter Is a portrait
of the late William Astor of New York,
which is ¦well known.
Gisbert never acquired wealth
enough to repay his debt to the gen
erous Q[ueen* but after his death some
years ago his children found among his
papers a memorandum of the loan and
promptly offered her several of his best
works. The Queen selected only one
and returned the remainder/ saying
that the debt canceled. This
painting is a striking one, representing
the Emperor" Francis I meeting his be
trothed. It is now valued at $10,000.
' \ — — — - v^
Many Kindly Traits Are Revealed
When Property Is Offered
* For" Sale.
LATE QUEEN ISABELLA
A GENEROUS GIVER
ENGLISH YACHTSWO
MEN AND TWO CHIL
DREN OF NOBILITY,
of jewelry given by a husband to his wife to enable her to shine in society.
Such Is one of the seeming paradoxes of English law as just laid down by
, that high and learned judicial body, the Court of Appeal, in the case of Lord
vs. Lady Howard of Glossup. It goes farther than this. The husband may
not only claim as his own property the articles of adornment which he has
given his wife, even though bestowed upon her prior to their marriage; ho
may actually sell them and devote the money to his own use.
This is what brought about the decision. Before Lord Hgward of GIos
sop married his second wife in 1891, as proof both of his generosity and.un
dying devotion, he presented her with a costly diamond tiara. As the years
rolled by, however, his love cooled. The marriage proved an unhappy one.
Lady Howard commenced proceedings last year for •«. judicial separation,
but the outcome was a separation, under a private agreement, which pro-!
vided that all jewejry, ornaments, etc., belonging to Lady Howard should
""remain under her exclusive control.
She did not, however, get the diamond tiara and brought suit* to re
cover it. Lord Howard asserted that he had sold it for $4000 three months
prior to the agreement. The decision of the lower, courts, adverse to Lady
Howard's claim, was sustained by the Court of Appeal. In concurring in
?the opinion of the Master of the Rplls, Lord Justice Romer stated that any
gifts made by a husband to a wife, "suitable for her position in society,"
were not "gifts to her separate use." but constituted "paraphernalia which
the husband had a right to sell." And it follows that hereafter the woman
who regards such gifts as her own property will merely discover that she
has been "sold." But the law does not work both ways. What the wife gives
the husband remains his for "keeps," from embroidered slippers to a watch
and chain or a house and lot.
THE QUEEN A LOVER OP CHILDREN.
Queen Alexandra acts the fond grandm'other to perfection and . is hap
piest when she gets an hour to herself in which to play with the little ones
of the royal family. Her face wears its most contented expression when she
drives in the park with little Prince Edward of Wales at her side, and many
a time does a royal carriage bear the Queen to an ordinary London house
in an ordinary London square where the lackeys who open to her are greeted
by the first lady in the land with a pleasant smile and word, and whence
a few moments later she emerges with two happy little, girls plainly, attired
and each affectionately grasping a doll with one hand 'and the Queen's arm
with- the other. The little girls are the daughters of the -Duke of Fife, the
Ladies Duff, and are the oldest grandchildren of the Queen, to whom they
are devoted.
There are many distinguished women in England who sail yachts, but
do not race them, contenting themselves with the der form of/ enjoy
rrvnt to be got out of cruising:. Among them may be mentioned Princess
Henry of Battenberg. who is often seen flitting over the Solent in her pretty
little craft, .'le Sheila; Princess Victoria, Princess Charles f Denmark,
Lady Albcmarle. Lady Ormond and Lady Margai '. Orr Ewing. The Coun
tess Lonyay, the Countess of Annesley and the Baroness de Baretto are
always present on the Solent during the famous .Cowes "Yachting Week."
The Duchess of Sutherland has sailed many seas in her steam yacht, the
Catania. Constanpe. Lady de la Warr, frequently takes long cruises with
hrr daughters and has written charmingly of her travels. The Duchess of
Somerset and the Duchess of Leeds are experienced yachtswomen, with a
tapte for deej>-esa adventures. In her fine steam yacht, the Santa Maria,
Lafiy Llangattock has visited many foreign parts.
Lady Margaret Crichton-Stuart, daughter of the late Lord Bute, has
lonj? 1 fond of a life on the ocean wave, and being a woman who
enjoys having her own way. she came to the conclusion that the only way
to pet it was to have herself invested with such authority as would make
disobedience to her orderg while at sea rank mutiny, which the laws of the
realm misht punish severely. So, being already proficient in searr. uiship,
rhff studied navigation,- passed a Board of Trade examination, obtained a
WOMEN OF THE NOBILITY LOVE THE SPORT.
Herreshoff owed his first introduction to British yachtsmen to a woman.
Miss Winifred Sutton, daughter of the late Sir Richard Sutton, who made
a vain attempt to capture the America's cup with the Genesta. Impressed
by *fce result of that contest with the superiority of Yankee designers,
Miss Button gave Herreshoff an order for a half-rater, which she felici
tously named "*Vee Win." And win she did from everything in her class,
Miss Sutton always steering the boat herself -r.-:th one man to attend the
sheets. But Miss Sutton some years ago abandoned ya.ht racing for
matrimony.
That excitement, she declares, constitutes the best antidote to seasick
ness, and vomen who fall an easy victim to it under ordinary circum
etasiccs will triumph over it when they find themselves on a winning yacht.
Mrs. L. W. Wylie, wife of the distinguished marine painter, has
achieved many notable victories in small yacths. When some Australian
yachtsmen sent a challenge to the Medway Yacht Club, Mrs. Wylie was
selected to steer the British boat, not as a compliment to her sex, but
because it was generally conceded that she could do It better than any man
5n the club. And she Justified the faith in her by winning all of the five
races sailed. .
Mrs. Schenley' s husband is a yachtsman and a member of the aristo
cratic Royal Yacht Squadron, but when it comes to yacht racinp he pre
fers to play the role of a spectator from the deck of his comfortable steam
yacht while his intrepid wife struggles for victory. When there are no
more prizes to be won c« the Solent, Mr. and Mrs. Schenley betake them
selves to Albania in the steam yacht and hunt deer and chamois in the
mountain-. Mrs. Schenley's two sisters, the Misses Hughes, though they
do not own racing yachts now, are almost equally expert sailors and are
In great demand as amateur skippers. '
FRESH SEA AIR AND SALT WATER ARE SEDUCTIVE.
"How much better than a London drawing-room's close atmosphere,"
.writes Miss Barbara Hughes, "is the fresh sea air, and the delightful free
dom of bounding over the waves in a well-equipped craft, with the addi
tional pinch of excitement afforded by racing."
Next to Miss Cox, Mrs. H. G. Allen was the most successful yachts
woman last season. In her Sorais II, a thirty-foot linear rater, she took
part in forty-eight races, crossing the winning line first in twenty-three of
[them and capturing thirteen other prizes, making thirty-six in all.
In previous years Miss Cox's greatest rival in yachting among her sex
has been Mrs. G. A. Schenley, who, by the way, is just as clever with a
Fhotgun or rifle as she is with the tiller. She entered the racing lists In 1839
with the two-and-one-half rater Thief. Next year she went into a bigger class.
racinjr the five-rater Valentine. The Valentine did not prove a success,
"however, and the following year the plucky woman faced the starting line
with another yacht, the Windfall — about thirty feet on the water line^
iind reaped the reward she merited, leading the class at the close of the
weapon with twenty-two first prizes and twelve others. Since then she has
raced, with varying success in several yachts. The harder it blows the
better she likes it. To see her at the tiller in a thrash to windward in
'half a pale of wind with lee rails hidden by a smother of foam and the
cpray dashing mast high is a sight much more calculated to Impress the
observer with proper ideas concerning the equality of the sexes than any
number of speeches by the most voluble of woman agitators.
*Mrs. Schenley has met with some thrilling experiences while yacht
racing, but they have only Increased her ardor for the sport. In one race
'she was caught In a thunderstorm and her boat was struck by lightning.
•"There was a flash," she says, in a description she has given of the inci
dent, "and a tremendous clap of thunder, all on board feeling the shook.
I was nearly stunned and did not know what had happened. At this time'
the boat was tearing through water with the sea up to the eJge of the
well, pr'-at hailstones and blinding sheets of spray flying in one's face, so
that Fleering at that moment became very dangerous, and if it had not
been for the easing of our main sheet no doubt we should have stood some
chance of filling our boat. The squall lasted 4>nly a few moments. On
examination we found that our yard had been splintered and burned by
the Lightning, but this did not prevent us crossing the line a triumphant
It is generally conceded that Miss Cox is the most expert yachtswoman
"in England, and if any man thinks that he can coax more speed out of a
tioat than she can Miss Cox is always more than willingHto make a match
with him. But so far as another sort of match is concerned she is wedded
lo the sea and hoe been ever since she began racing back in 1887. With
her it is an hereditary taste. Her father, Frederick Cox, is commodore of
the Royal Southampton Yacht Club, but he long ago admitted that his
daughter had found out more about yacht racing than he had ever been
able to teach her. Last year in her crack twenty-four-^oot linear rater
Puet, Miss Cox participated in fifty-four races and came up top of the
class with thirty-seven first and eight other prizes to her credit. Prior to
that for three years in succession she had carried aff premier honors in
the same class with her famous little flyer Speedwell.
* ' • Fully to appreciate such an achievement it must be borne in mind that
Miss -Cox's opponents include some of the best amateur yachtsmen in Eng
land, and that she is not merely on the yacht, but actually sails it, being
always at the tiller. Instead of the competing boats being allowed from
two to five minutes in which to cross the line, as Is customary in America,
•the time at which they go over the line within that period being recorded
i^s their starting time, the one gun start is the rule here. By this method
\he yacht first over the line gets the full credit for the skill, Jierve and
Judgment exercised by her skipper in securing the coveted place. When,
as often happens, there are a dozen yachts trying for it, their skippers
all keenly alert to obtain the opening advantage, it Is a very ticklish game,
requiring a cool head, masterly skill and prompt decision. At this species
.of nautical jockeying Miss Cox has no superior and can shave by another
boat when collision can be escaped only by a hair's breadth. Miss Cox has
.a.gne town residence at No. 3 Grosvenor Crescent, but when the yachting
fiason ojiens she betakes herself to the Solent and London knows her no
more until the last race has been sailed. . .: , . .. -
Mrs. allex wins numerous trophies.
MISS COX AX EXPERT SAILOR GIRL.
There are several women in England who do this and have done it
fat years, taking the weather as it comes, blow high or blow low, sailing
dozens of races in the course of a season, and often winning more of
tliern than any of the men who race against them. Hardly a year .has
grone by since English women took to yacht racing that one of them has
not been able to hoist more winning flags on her yacht at the end of a
reason than any of the boats in the same class sailed by men were able to
display. Not seldom in more than or.e class in the same year women have
achieved championship honors. It is all the more creditable to them that
they have made these records in comparatively small boats. The big
boats have all professional skippers and their owners for the most part
content themselves with footing the bills and decorating their sideboards
vith the silver plate won.
LONDON, May 21. — Although. American women generally are just as
keen devotees of fresh air pastimes as their British sisters, there is ona
form of out-door sport, and that as invigorating and exciting as any, in
whiph the American woman still lags far behind her British rival. That
is yacht sailing, and more particularly yacht racing. -
There are, of course, many American women •who can handle a yacht
fairly well when put to it. On rare occasions Transatlantic yacht clubs
hold "ladies' day" regattas, when the members intrust the tillers of the
competing boats to their sweethearts, wives and sisters, doing whatever
coaching may be necessary themselves. But no American woman has the
writer ever heard of who both owns and saila a racing yacht, meeting
men on equal terms and neither asking nor receiving any odds" on account
of her sex-
It is a matter of general talk in society circles that Lady Curzon is en
tirely responsible for the sudden determination of her husband to return
to England. Her ladyship was glad to accept the honor of the Indian
viceroyalty, but she rebelled against staying in India beyond the three years
which the appointment imposes. She found native servants and officials by
no means agreeable to her tastes, besides she was losing all the glamor of
English society, and she insisted that three years was long enough to spend
among the Rajahs and other formidably titled persons in Calcutta and other
places. When his -lordship agreed to stay in India, her ladyship, after a pro
test, set about packing her trunks and as soon as she had put her domestic
affairs in order she took the next steamer for England. She was anxious,
too, that her baby should be born in Engk d and she was much annoyed
because her husband allowed her to take the journey alone In her condition.
His lordshi- will, on his arrival in England, get his first look at the
daughter who has just been added to the Curzon household.
Within a few months Lady RIerrick'Burrill, who before her marriage
was Miss Wilhelmina Winans of Baltimore, once more will be able to use
Knepp Castle, her favorite home In Sussex, from which she was driven by
fire about two months ago. As, the flames left nothing but the outside
walls of the old building, it has been necessary -to prepare plans for an
entirely new structure. These ; have just been finished, • and workmen will
begin clearing the ruins at once, preparatory to rebuilding.
When does a gift remain the property of the. giver? When it consists
The Duchess has a double object in inviting her relations to. London.
She is yearly becoming more interested in charitable Institutions in England
and knowing that the family dispense charity rather liberally in Paris, she
is anxious to divert some portion of it into English channels. Her own do
nations to certain institutions have been the means of bringing down on her
such an i avalanche of applications from other places all over the country
that she finds the strain of responding favorably to them all too severe for
her purse. "Poor thing," said a sympathetic matron of a children's hospi
tal, "she cannot bear to refuse any application. Something always comes."
LADY CURZON WE VRIED OF INDIA.
LONDON. May 2L— When the Duchess of Marlborough commences to
entertain at her new London house this year, society will witness func
tions the brilliance of which is expected to eclipse anything hitherto seen
in JIayfalr. : Several members of the Vanderbllt family are coming to Lon
don specially to adorn the scene, and they expect to bring with them sev
eral of the leading folk in American society.
The Duchesg 1 first effort will be to get together the best in England to
meet the Vanderbilts, in whose honor Ehe intends to give some of her most
brilliant entertainments during the season, the Prince and Princess of
Wales will be asked to grace some of the functions. As the Princess and the
young Duchess are fast friends it is anticipated that there will be no hesi
tation on the part of the future King and Queen to do honor to the occa
sion.
Duchess of Marlborbugh Will Pre
sent Vanderbilts to the
Upper Set
"Ladies of High Station Who Love
the Sea and Are Masters
at the Tiller.
ENGLISH WOMEN ADOPT YACHTING AS A PASTIME AND A NEW FORM
OF RIVALRY HAS BEEN INTRODUCED TO THE LONDON SPORTSMEN
TV -¦ ¦ 4 *7 I *\ A
Pages 17 to 20
Pages 17 to 20
SAN FRANCISCO. ¦ SUNDAY. MAY 22, 1904.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 22, 1004.
Britannia Lodge No. 7 of the Daugh
ters of St. George appointed Past
Presidents G. C. Muhlner, J. G. Davis,
It. R. Meadows, E. G. McMenomy, J.
B. Staples, S. Clack, A. Price, E. Goss,
J. Beauford, A. J. Cotton and R, C.
Findley and President I*. Cogill a com
mittee to arrange for a social evening
on the night of May 18 in the lodge
root* in the Pythian Castle, in celebra-
Order of St George.
It has been ascertained that the
Woman of Woodcraft who will take the
Oriental Degree on the occasion of the
theater party of California Camp, of
the Woodmen of the World in the
Lyceum Theater, May 25, is a member
of California Circle. The members of
the local circle have secured blocks of
tickets so as to be together when the
candidate rides the camp goat.
California Camo is making arrange
ments to have memorial services in Its
forest on Woodmen's memorial day.
On that occasion the camp proposes
to have a service that will be appropri
ate to. the occasion and that will sur-'
pass , anything ever done in . that line
by an Individual camp. ' •
California Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft was visited on the third
Friday In May by Grand Guardian
Carrie Van Orsdall. In addition to the
membership of that circle, there were
present many members of other circles
Woodcraft.
San Francisco Assembly had four
strangers to initiate last week. The
membership In a little less than three
months and a half increased from forty,
on tho night of institution, to 106. Sev
eral applications were presented at the
last held meeting.
The total number of certificates Is
sued from the supreme office during
April was seventy-three.
An assembly with sixty-three mem
bers was recently Instituted at Aber
deen, Wash., and one was to have been
instituted last 'week at San Antonio,
Texa3.
On the second Sunday in May the
membership of San Francisco Assembly
of this dtyy&nd Lincoln Assemoly of
Oakland enjoyed a family reunion and
basket picnic at Leona Heights. It was
a delightful outing.
A new assembly named Stanford was
instituted In San Jose last week by
Mesdames Talt and Olsen, acting as
special supreme deputies. The new
subordinate starts with twenty mem
bers.
Lincoln Annuity.
On the third Thursday In May Mrs".
E. D. Wall, supreme craete ot th«
Royal XeiEhbvrt-s. attended an open
meeting of the local ramp of that
branch of Woodcraft and deHverfd a
very Interesting addrrs*. There was
An addition to this a plea.-Mni? pro
gramme of muslo and *on*.
x H. C. Ti\lbot of Lincoln. Ncbr.. will
be In this Tlty July 7, after havins
visited Los Angeles and Fresno. He
will deliver an address before the
members of the order In this city at a
Occidental Camp at Us last meeting
had several strangers for adoption and
a number of applications were pre
sented.
At the meeting of Goodfollowship
Camp on the third Monday in th«
current month It adopted two siranjr
esg and received four applications for
membership.
Goodfellowshlp Camp of the Modern
Woodmen of America, at its* meeting
on the second Monday in May, had a
very pleasant session and adopted
three strangers.
Modern Woodmen.
During the recent convention of tha
Order of Hermann's Sons at Petalumu
a number of the delegates and ladies
formed a party and were the guests of
J. A. Ronsheimer at his chicken hatch
ery in the vicinity of the city. They
were instructed in the mystery of
chicken hatching, after which they
were treated to a luncheon at which
fresh milk and new-laid egrets were the
feature. The party was then driven
to the elegant summer home of Herman
Ludy, where they were royally enter
tained and the ladies of the party were
permitted to help themselves to aa
many choice flowers as they desired.
After singing several glee songs, the
party composed of the following named,
left for their respective homes: Super
visor Oscar Hocks and wife. Ex-Super
visor P. Warkentin of San Jose, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Hermann. Mr. and Mrs.
Malley cf Llvermore. Mr. and Mrs.
Michaelson, Mr. and Mrs, Hadderisch
of Santa Rosa, Mr. and Mrs. J. Keifer.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Popper. J. A. Ron
sheimer. C. Buch and A. Biedenbach.
Hermann's Sons.
The following named have been com
missioned as deputy grand protectors
for the current term: Dorris J. Kap
lan for Aurora Lodge; Z. T. Whitten
for Bay City and Golden Rule lodges;
Emma. Quitzow for West End Lodge;
Anna Byhon for Laurel Lodge; Dollie
E. Wetmore for Star Lodge, and Miss
Mary E. Sullivan for Yerba Buena
Ledge. The others will be commission
ed during the week.
The several lodges in this city are
considering the advisability of holding
open meetings for the purpose of in
viting strangers to the organization
and explaining its benefits and ad
vantages and to provide entertainment
for the members and those who are
invited.
At a session of the propagation com
mittee of the Grand Lodge of the
Knights and Ladies of Honor plans for
the current year were discussed, and
it was decided to carry them out in
the near future.
Mrs. Emma Quitzow was continued in
the position of general organizer for the
State.
Knights and Ladies.
The Aurora Social Club, composed of
members of Court Aurora. Foresters of
America, gave a strictly invitation
dancing party In the social hall of the
Alcazar buildins: on the third "Wednes
day in May. The guests of the club
enjoyed a pleasant evening of dancing.
American Foresters.
The entertainment and "Leap Year
Party" Riven by New Century Circle.
Companions of the Forest of America,
in the social hall of the Alcazar build
ing on the second Wednesday in May
was well attended and a very success
ful affair. The entertainment was ap
preciated in the fullest t>y the many
who attended, and there was good
music for the young people who desired
to dance. Among the features of the
evening was an instrumental duet by
Gertie' Hazel and Essie Morton: spec
ialties by Misses Grace Clark and Reta
Rice; Scotch dance by the Allen Sisters
and ( mandolin selections by Messers
Large and Fay. The affair was admi
rably conducted by the committee on
socials, composed of Margaret Pollma
cher, Mrs. J. Morton. Mrs. C. Large.
Essie Morton, Marguerite Lemme and
Louise Storer.
and South
The installation of the officers of El
Dorado Circle on the second Thursday
in May was one of the most beautiful
of the installation season this year.
All the officers who were inducted intb
office were attired in white and the
hall was artistically deoorated. All the
prand officers except the ' grand arch
druidess, who had to attend the in
stallation of the officers of her own cir
cle, were present, as were also many
representatives of other circles. The
installing officer was Deputy Mrs. J.
S. Godeau. The reports showed that
the circle has 197 members with $2700
in its treasury. After the installation,
Mrs. Louise Lacazze, the retiring arch
druidess, was presented a valuable
emblematic pin, and Mrs. Godeau, the
deputy, was presented \ a handsome
sofa pillow decorated with the State
flower. The retiring arch druidess pre
sented the incoming one,' Mrs. Rosen
quist. a basket *ot choice flowers with
best wishes for success during her
term. Bouquets were also presented to
the junior past grand arch druidess,
grand secretary, grand treasurer,
grand marshal, grand trustees and
grand ssntinel.
The officers of Elmhurst Grove were
installed last week by- Noble Grand
Arch Beck, assisted by Grand Secre
tary Martinoni, Grand Treasurer Horn,
Grand Marshal Antonovich, Grand
Trustees Sichel and Contat and Grand
Sentinel Pozzl. During the evening
there was Initiatory work by the team
of Old Friends' Grove, commanded by
Captain Murphy. A banquet followed
the ceremony.
The grand secretary has received a
letter from the jurisdiction of Louisi
ana informing him that the Italian
Grove started in New Orleans a short
time since, the first instituted to work
in that language east of the Rocky
Mountains, is doing well, having al
ready one hundred members, also that
groves to work in that language are to
be instituted in other parts of the East
time up' to the time of her death she
was cared for by the grand body and
periodically visited by members of the
order. . .... , . ¦ .,, ,
Past Arch Kent of Yosemite Grove has
offered a valuable medal to the mem
ber who shall, before June 1, present
and have initiated in the grove the
largest number of candidates.
The picnic given by Galileo and Alpini
"groves at El Campo on the second Sun
day in May was attended by about
thirty-five hundred persons. Grand
Secretary Martinoni, a member of the
first named grove, was the floor mana
ger.
in this city. There was an address of
welcome and a response by the visitor
and guest of the evening, after which
she was presented a token of apprecia
tion in the form of a handsome leather
pillow, on which was burned, by George
W. Baltic, a member of the circle, the
emblem of the order. There was also a
pleasing programme of entertainment.
The entertainment and ball given in
Native Sons' Hall on the third Monday
in May by San Francisco^Camp of the
Woodmen of the World was a very
pleasing function that was enjoyed by
nearly all the members of the camp,
those of San Francisco Circle of the
Women of Woodcraft and many of
their friends. The programme included
ballads by Esta Donovan of the Garden
City sextet; a short talk by W. A.
Lyons: barytone solo, Jack Harris;
recitation, Lucille Moore; selection by
the orchestra, and a one-act farce, "An
American Harem," in which Leo
Marks, Felice Lowenstein, Mariam
Rush, Tillie Stone, Estheu Rosenbaum,
Millie Blum and Walter A. Lyons took
part. There was after that a good pro
gramme of dances. The affair was car
ried out in a most admirable manner
under direction of the following-named
members" of Company No. 437 of the
Uniform Rank, W. O. W.: First Lieu
tenant Sherwood, floor manager; Priv
ate L. Nealon. assistant manager; floor
committee, First Sergeant W. J. Dren
nen, Private A. Rush. Private W.
Stricklett, Private Dr. Sherman; recep
tion committee, Second Lieutenant H.
Welch, chairman, assisted by members
of the" company.
Golden Gate Camp has issued a very
neat handbook in which is printed a
complete roster of the^ membership of
that subordinate.
j PERSONS PROMINENT IN FRATERNAL CIRCLES.
All preparations have been completed
for the reception of the Grand Grove
at Santa^Cruz, which will be in session
there June 21, 22 and 23. The commit
tee has secured $3000 for the entertain
ment of the grand officers and dele
gates. The programme of entertain
ment includes a receptionra parade, a
grand ball and a banquet and a bar
becue one" afternoon during the session,
to say nothing of excursions in differ
ent directions.
Grand Arch Druidess Louise Zezzi
recently Dald a visit to Oakland Circle
fleers and members of the order. The
fleers and mmebers of the order. The
ritualistic was most admirably rendered
by Arch Druidess K. Gamberoni and
her officers. The reports showed that
the circle instituted last February has
done remarkably well and that it now
has a membership of 90.
The late Caroline W. Sieg, who at the
age of 91 died in the Old People's Home
in San Francisco recently, was for
fourteen years the ward of the Grand
Grove of the U. A. O. D. of Collfornia.
When her husband, who was the first
noble grand arch of the order in this
State, died Mrs. Sieg was alone In the
world and at the age of 67 she became
an invalid, and not having any one to
care for her, the Grand Grove provided
a home for her in which to pass thede
clining days of her life. From that
On the evening of the second Satur
day in May Hartnagel Supreme Arch
Chapter No. 3 paid a fraternal visit to
Elvin Chapter No 4 in Garibaldi Hall.
The visited chapter was addressed by
Chief Druid Wedemeyer, Secretary
Menke and others. Hartnagel Chapter
at -its next meeting will make many
changes In its by-laws.
Grand Secretary Mertinoni of the
United Ancient Order of Druids re
ceived a letter last week from Charles
A. Murray, past grand president of the
order in Australia, in which he declares
that the order is doing well in that sec
tion of- the world. He speaks highly of
the work of the order in California. He
also sent a copy of the official organ,
in which there is copied a great deal
from the annual address of C. A. Gug
lielmoni, who was noble grand arch
last year. He requests that there be
sent to him all the literature of the or
der, together with the forms that are
used in California, with a view to
adopting them. He expresses himself
In favor of establishing an Interna
tional union, so that Druids may be
recognized in all parts of the world as
are the Masons and Odd Fellows. •
Owing to the trouble between the
owners of Buena Vista Park in Sau
sallto and the authorities in regard to
licenses, the picnic by Old Friends'
and Boadicea circles of the Druidesses
has been called off. Boadicea Circle is
looking for another place in which to
have Its outing.
The following named have been
installed as the officers of Hesperian
Circle of the Druidesses, the installing
officer being Deputy D. Bammann:
Delia Hardin, past arch druidess; Ida
Perpoli, arch druidess; May McLaren,
first bard; May Carrigan, second bard;
John T. Kidd, secretary; Marie Bam
mann, treasurer; Tillie Gellot, inside
guard, and J. Kaufman, outside guard.
After the installation the circle was
addressed by Past Grand Arch
Druidesses Mrs. Sorensen and Mrs.
Williams.
grove.
After the installation of the officers
of Oakland Grove by Deputy F. H.
Crocker, the retiring noble arch was
presented a handsome souvenir in ap
preciation of his services to the grove,
the presentation speech being by Dr.
Mehrmann.
At a recent meeting of Galileo Grove
D. Varachi. the noble arch, was pre
sented with a handsome gold emblem
atic badge, a gift of Grand Secretary
Martinoni in recognition of service
rendered in the upbuilding of the
The Druids.
At the session of San Francisco As
sembly No. 200 of the United Assem
jly held on the third Tuesday of May
applications of several can
3idates were presented. At the
next meeting of the assembly
it is expected that the work
Df the order. wiH be given in full form,
with the ollicers attired in robes of
office, when the work will be rendered
more impressively than ever before in
this city. Among the visitors to the
assembly was P. Leon, A. G. M. A.,
who delivered an interesting address
on the work of the order in Los An
geles. The prize winners in the recent
whist tournament were announced.
Dr. C. Leithead was the winner of the
first prize, a set of silver teaspoons,
and Mrs. Galbreath, A. G. M. A., was
awarded the- booby prize, a pair of
Chinese babies.
The foundation has been laid for
the institution of two new assemblies
of this order in the near future. As
sistant Grand Master Mrs. Jennie
McE. Galbreath will not, at this time,
tell where these new subordinates are
to be brought into existence.
H. G. Sibray, an assistant grand
master, who for a long time has had
charge of the work in Oregon and
adjacent States but who recently was
working for the assemblies of Ala
meda County, has been ordered to re
turn to the north, where new work
has been laid out for him.
Assistant Grand Master P. Leon of
Los Angeles was in the city last
week getting pointers as to how the
work of the order is done in a great
city.
Silver Leaf Assembly No. 280 cele
brated on the third Saturday in May
its removal from the Foresters' build
ing to Friendship Hall, in the Odd
Fellows' building, by giving an in
formal reception and literary and
musical programme to its members
and their friends. This was under
the supervision of Assistant Grand
Master Mrs. Galbreath. Josephine
Myser. chairman the ladies' com
mittee, and A. J. Vallade. chairman
of all the other committees. The first
part of the entertainment was fol
lowed by dancing until midnight.
«.
Royal Arcanum.
The banquet_tendered to Robert F.
Jones by the citizens of Santa Monica
in honor of his election as grand
regent of the Royal Arcanum in Cali
fornia was held Wednesday evening.
May 4, in the pavilion. Ocean avenue.
Santa Monica. It was in every sense
a success. The pavilion was beauti
fully decorated, In fact but little of
the pavilion proper could be seen for
roses, carnations, pansies and a multi
tude of cut llowers, flowering plant3
and greens. The tables were covered
with cut flowers and boutonnieres were
placed at every plate. Covers were
laid for 150 and a discussion of the
menu s kept the guests busy from S
o'clock until 10:30. After the repast
R. R. Tanner of the citizens' commit
tee introduced the toastmaster of the
evening. Walter J. Trask of Los Ange
les. The responses were by Mayor T.
II. Dudley, General O. H. Lagrange,
governor of the Soldiers' Home; Dr.
S. S. Boynton, Hon. F. U. Nofzeiger
of .Los Angeles, Samuel T. Clover, edi
tor of the Los Angeles Express; ex-
Governor H. H. Markham of Pasa
dena, Past Grand Regent J. K. Hawk.
Roy Jones, Rev. J. D. H. Browne and
Grand Secretary' Maloon. During the
evening letters of regret were read
from a number who were unable to be
present and there were letters and
telegrams of congratulations from
the following grand officers: G.
Guzendorfer, sitting past grand
regent of San Francisco; Her
man Dyer, grand treasurer, Pasadena;
Rev. F. S. Brush, grand chaplain,
Alameda; Peter A. Kelly, grand sentry.
Los Angeles: William V. N. Bay, grand
trustee of San Francisco, and L. A.
Spencer, past grand regent, Oakland*
» —
The Eastern Star.
Harmony Chapter of • the Eastern
Star at its last session had a delight-
United Artisans.
Progress Lodge, Fraternal Brother
hood, will give a fan party in the
Assembly Hall of the Red Men's build
ing on the evening of May 25.
Mrs. E. R. Neidig. Supreme Vice
President of the Fraternal Brother
hood, came to this city last week for the
purpose of being with the lodges to
ascertain how they are getting along.
She was with San Francisco Lodge
May 20 and the members of all the
other local lodges have been invited to
attend that evening. Mrs. Neidig is
an eloquent and entrancing speaker.
Supreme Representative C. W. Stone
was in this city last week and after
being at local headquarters for a day
left for Texas.
The members of Mission Lodge en
joyed a delightful supper last week
as the close of a membership contest of
several months ago. There was an ex
cellent menu and speech-making fol
lowed the supper.
San Francisco Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood had "a crowded house"
in Native Sons' building on the second
Friday in May, at its entertainment
and djtnce. The programme included
a piano duet by Mrs. Jackson and Mrs.
Evatt; recitation. Murrell Colby; in
strumental selection by the Misses
Largomarsino; song and dance by
Lorine and Jewell Allen; vocal selec
tions by M. Cain; character songs by
Miss Mabel Pfeifer and Miss Edith Nor
ton, and topical songs by little Miss
Ruth Alvarez. Dancing then was in
order until midnight. The affair was
directed to a successful termination by
Mrs. A. Croft, W. D. Evans and M.
Halverson.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
At a meeting of California Assembly
No. 1 of the Americans, In Pioneer
building last week, eighteen strangers
were admitted by initiation and a num
ber of applications were presented.
Oakland Assembly No. 2 was institut
ed last week In Oakland with a charter
list of fifty.
There are several applications for
charters in different parts of the State.
The Americans.
Byrd Tregarkos, conductor; Grace Mc-
Phall. chaplain; Myrtle E. Pettlngall,
inside and Janie Rennett, outside
guard.
Templar Rebekah will have an
evening of entertainment in the ban
quet hall of the Odd Fellows' building
May 21.
Amity Rebekah Lodge will have an
entertainment and dance on the night
of May 28.
On the evening of May 23 the Board
of Directors of the Odd Fellows Hall
Association will meet for the purpose
of enjoying a supper. It will be in the
nature of a "Philadelphia treat." Each
one will pay for his own plate.
On the evening of Friday, May 27,
Empress Victoria Lodge 1m o. 142 will
give an anniversary ball in the as
sembly hall of the Ren Men's building.
This will-be in aid of the widows* and
orphans' fund of the lodge. Mrs.
Phoebe A. Williams has been appointed
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments.
tlon of the fifteenth anniversary of the
lodge. There was a pleasant entertain
ment and a dance.
Yosemite Tribe No. 103, I. O. R. M.,
gave a ball in Union-square Hall on
the second Saturday In May which was
a very pleasant affair, conducted under
ttoe direction of C. Wese. William
Goldman, George E. Dastuge. J. Lewis
and A. A. Hergert, with O. H. Buttsky
as floor manager. There was a pro
gramme of ten regular numbers and
four extras.
Last week Ioka Council, D. of P., of
Vallejo paid a fraternal visit to Man
zanita Council in this city and in its
tepee In the Odd Fellows' building the
team of the visitmg council conferred
the beautiful degree of the order upon
twenty palefaces, after which there
was a supper in the banquet hall.
There were a number of speeches and
The Indian drama entitled "Wah
condah," written by Walter C. Howe
and Dr. M. B. Ryer. presented on the
first Saturday in May at the Alhambra
Theater under the auspices of Monte
zuma Tribe No. 77, Imp. O. R. M., was
witnessed by a very large number of
people, and to the credit of the 'many
who took part it was presented with a
great deal of dramatic effect'. The
chief characters were by Dr. Marshall
B. Ryer, Walter C. Howe, Paul N.
Pidge. Joseph X. Ross, James J, Phe
lan. *.V. A. Barstow a 1 Louis F.
Klein Jr. In addition there were thirty
other participants. The drama was a
graphic picture of Indian life, based
on the violation of a treaty between
the Pawnee-Loups and the Dahcotahs.
The piece was well staged and the
many striking scenes in it were most
penerously applauded. Between the
first and second acts there was present
ed a beautiful series of moving pictures
entitled the "Wooing of Hiawatha."
«
Improved Red Men.
Up to the 16th of the current month
J 15,000 was paid out of the grand re
corder's office in settlement of benefi
ciary claims. This since the first of
the month.
Pait Grand Master Danforth left for
the East last week. While there he will
attend the session of the Supreme
Lodge at Chattanooga. The supreme
representatives and the grand recorder
will leave for that city June 2.
Reports from the interior show a
marked activity in the order and a
number of reinstatements, r) "
Special Deputy Calvert on May 7
initiated seven strangers into the lodge
at" Los Gatos.
Excelsior Lodge is sending to each
CTf its members a letter asking all to
work for the upbuilding of the lodge.
A large number of the members of
the Ancient Order of Workmen of this
city, accompanied by Grand Recorder
Spencer, went to Tiburon Lodge, in
Tiburon, last week to be present at an
entertainment given in aid of a brother
of the lodge who is in distress. There
was a large attendance and the affair
was a success.
During the early part of June Grand
Master Dutton will visit the lodges in
the Santa Clara Valley.
St. John's Lodge of the Ancient Or
der of United Workmen at its meeting
of May 12 initiated five strangers, who
were secured for the lodge by Special
Deputy Past Master R. P. MacKenzle.
At the close of the work the lodge
room in th<f Pioneer building was
thrown open to admit the relatives of
members and a number of invited
guests. These filled the hall to its
capacity. The programme for the oc
casion included the following hum
bers. which were well rendered and
received with many marks of appro
bation: Vocal duet, by the Loumaster
children, Mrs. Arthur Fonseca accom
panist; vocal solo. Miss Li Hie Halmer;
instrumental selections, Miss Dianie
Hainan; recitation. E. J. Talbot: vocal
solo, J. H. Davis; recitation and mono
logue. Dr. G. E. F. Anderson; vocal
solo. Miss Riperdan, Mrs. Petersen ac
companist; recitation. T. II. Carr; vo
cal and instrumental specialties. Dr.
Alvey; vocal solo. Mrs. Charles Hallo
way; recitation, Mrs. J. D. Wheelock:
vocal solo, Mrs. Edwards; topical
pongs, by Grand Receiver Sam Booth,
in his inimitable way; an address on
'Fraternity," by Deputy Grand Master
D. S. Hirsberg, and recitations by Past
Master R. F. MacKenzie. The lodge
served Icecream and cakes and then
coffee to those who did not care for
cold luxury. This function was one
of the most pleasing and entertaining
that has ever been given in a lodge
room of this order. There was not a
dtill number during the entire evening.
The social that was given by Car
nation Lodge of the Degree of Honor,
A. O. U. W.. in the Social Hall of the
Shiels building was a very pleasant
affair that was enjoyed by a goodly
number of people. There was an ex
cellent programme of dances and be
tween every other dance there was a
vaudeville number. Those who con
tributed to that part of the entertain
ment were: Hansen, the Swedish en
tertainer; Miss Olive Pearl Miller, the
very popular recorder of the lodge;
Charles Hanna and Amy Johnson.
The committee that had charge of the'
very pleasant affair was George W.
Glosser, George Wyerson. J. F. Wal
thour, Frank Stohr, I. T. Fulton, S. P.
Carter and B. J. Block.
Yosemite Tribe has presented to T. E.
Bradlet, retiring prophet, a beautiful
emblematic charm in recognition of .his
services to the tribe.
A new council of the degree of
Pocahontas named Nenemoosha was
instituted at Riverside recently with
forty-three charter members by
Deputy Great Pocahontas Lizzie
Booth.
the visitors while being thanked -were
highly commended for the manner In
which the team did the work.
The members of Manzanita Tribe
celebrated a birthday anniversary of
Past Great Sachem James Boyes last
week by tendering him a banquet.
Among the special guests were Great
Chief of Records Bliss and the great
senior sagamore.
Committee of arrangements — Mrs.
H. Nuckolls, chairman; Mrs. W. F.
Buswell. Mrs. T. S. Duke, P. F. Fer
guson, L. A. Steiger, Captain T. S.
Duke. Reception committee — Mrs. W.
F. Buswell. chairman; Mrs. G. TV. Sea
man. Mrs. C. Boxton. Mrs. F. C. Pague.
Mrs. H. D. Nichola, Mrs. J. G. Leibold,
Mrs. T. H. Browne, Mrs. A. TV. Burg
ren. Mrs. R. L. Radke, Mrs. G. TVit
mer, Mrs. B. K. Korts, Miss H. Fergu
son, Miss C. Scott. Miss L. "Worth. Mrs.
G. TVittman. Floor committee — Mrs.
T. S. Duke, chairman; Mrs. A. Turpin.
Mrs. TV. G. Cords, Mrs. A. Campbell,
Mips K. Kerrigan. Miss L. Bronson,
Miss A. Rixon, Miss E. W. Ferguson.
Worthy Matron Mrs. A. Woodside
and Past Patron P. F. Ferguson led
the grand march.
California Chapter on the third Tues
day In May had a shirt-waist party
in Golden Gate Hall. There was a very
large attendance and all enjoyed a most
delightful evening that was conducted
under leap-year rules. The affair was
under the direction of the following
named committees:
ful meeting. Several candidates were
initiated and then there was a social
hour, during which there was a pleas
ing programme of entertainment and a
collation.
Grand Matron Mrs. Routzahn paid an
official visit last wek to Silver Star
Chapter in Vallejo. She also paid a
visit to San Francisco Chapter, where
she was met by a full representation of
the chapter and of members from all
the local chapters. The visit was a
most gratifying one to the visiting
officer.
Mission Chapter at its last meeting
elected a number of applicants to
membership.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
18
Odd Fellowship.
During the session of the Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows, which terminated its labors
on the second Friday in May, there was
presented to it, from the Grand Lodge
of Georgia, a set of sentiments relative
to the recent visit of Past^gjrand Mas
ter W. H. Barnes 'to that body, which,
close with the following words:
"Brother W. H. Barnes has been the
golden link that has clasped Georgia
and California Odd Fellowship. May
this tie grow stronger and more endur-«
ing until we shall, in loving comrade
ship, meet in that Sovereign Grand
Lodge whose 'sessions are held beyond
the stars."
Past Gr-and Master Barnes will short
ly leave for the East, and while there
will go to Atlanta, where he will be
tendered a reception by the Odd Fel
lows of that city on the evening of
June 9. In a letter to Mr. Barnes, Grand
Master John A. Hynds writes that dur
ing the past year the order in Georgia
instituted fifty new lodges and initiated
5000 strangers. Before going to^ Atlanta
Mr. Barnes will visit Millldgeville, Ga.,
where, he was initiated into Odd Fel
lowship about forty-five years ago, and
there he will.be tendered a reception at
a joint public meeting of all the
fraternities.
Loyal Lodge of the Rebekahs will
initiate several candidates at its.meet
ing May 23, in its inimitable manner.
The outing by Canton San Francisco
In celebration of the anniversary of the
order which was to have been held at
Fernbrook Park last month, but w-hich
had to Be postponed on account of the
heavy rain, will take place June 11 at
the same place.
The following named are the ap
pointed officers of California Rebekah
Assembly: Vesta Manning, marshal;THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, MAY. 22, 1904.
Kate Claxton. on account of the
death of her son, has announced her
retirement from the stage.
Frederick Warde and Katherine
Kidder will be co-stars in the sams
company, under the management of
Wagenhals & Kemper.
Edna Phillips, leading woman of the
Donnelly Stock Company at the Mur
ray Hill Theater, has closed her sea
son. She will go to her summer homo
near Philadelphia for a rest. Next
season she is to head her own com
pany, and will be seen at a Broadway
playhouse in a new play now being
written for her.
Viola Allen and her management
have decided upon their new produc
tion for next season. So great has
been Miss Allen's success the past
forty wepks with "Twelfth Night."
that she has decided that Shakespeare
is the thing, probably not in New
York, but all over the land where the
Stars and Stripes fly, so her next pro
duction will be Shakespeare's "A "Win
ter's Tale." The production will be
on an elaborate scale. She engaged
Eoyd Putnam as her leading man.
Charles Strine, manager of the Tiv
oli, has been in New -York securing
musical attractions for his house.
Strine saw "Piff, Paff Four" at the
Casino three or four times, and be
came so convinced that the piece
would prove just as successful in San
Francisco as it his been in New York,
localisms and all. that he made F. C
Whitney an offer for the right to pro
duce the piece here during next July
and August, with an option on further
time. It is quite likely that the deal
will be consummated.
much favor, but ou^West the verdict
was reversed. Miss Mannering will
continue to use the same vehicle the
early part of next season, under the
management of Frank McKee, and she
will then appear in the new play by
Justin Huntley McCarthy which ia
being written for her. will prob
ably appear at the Garrick Theater
in the new play in November. McKe«
is expected to return from England by
the end of this month.
Alexandre Dumas the younger was
in a way, to France what Ibsen is to
Norway. His plays exposed social
conditions and are merciless in their
truth. Dumas showed French society
its immorality and depravity, and he
made no effort to gloss over the wick
edness of French civilization. He, too,
was a master of techni*"-ie - and an
Victorien SardSu, the most noted of
living French playwrights, is now
nearly 73 years old, having been born
September 7, 1831. He began his
career as a student of medicine, but
soon gave this up for literature. His
first efforts were very unsuccessful,
and it was not until after his marriage
to a young actress who had influence
with the famous Mme. de Jazet that
the tide turned in his favor. From the
production of his first play in 1854
until the present time Sardou has seen
about 100 of his works staged.
Of these the most familiar to Amer
ican theater-goers are "Diplomacy,"
"La Tosca." "Fedora," "Theodora,"
"Gismonda," % "Mme. Sans Gene,"
"Robespierre," "Dante" and "Divor
cons." His plays are powerful, but
often incline to the melodramatic and
lack the note of realism. "Divorcons,"
one of his f e^fr comedies, shows Sardou
in his happiest vein.
Miss Fritzi Scheff sang under diffi
culties at Kansas C*ty in "Babette."
She had a severe cold, but rather
than disappoint her audience by not
appearing she sang the title role of
"Babette," omitting entirely some of
the higher passages. As a result she
will retire from the company tempo
rarily, at least, and her part will be
sung by Miss Ida Hawley. Miss
Scheff went to St. Louis to consult a
throat specialist.
chief told of the exile of the Potta
watomies from Northern Indiana, the
happy home of the band, and inter
mingles with this tragic element a
pure and sweet love story, the tale of
his own courtship in the woods among
the wild birds, the animals and the
picturesque aborigines.
It is a moving story and has been
dramatized with some measure of suc
cess by C. H. Engle, a man who has
been a true friend of the Pottawa
tomies for the past fifty years,
x • • *
Mary Mannering and her company
have arrived at New York from the
West. Miss Mannering*s season in
"Harriet's Honeymoon" has been a
very successful one in the West. In
New York the piece did not meet with
Oscar Hammerstein has developed
into^a real composer of music. He
has signed a contract with Charles K.
Harris, the music publisher, by which
the latter takes over all musical com
positions of Hammerstein pertaining
to the Victoria roof productions dur
ing the coming season. These will be
controlled by Harris, and Hammer
stein receives a sum in cash for each
piece of music so turned over. Ham
merstein gays:
"It is purely a business arrange
ment, and deals alone with anything
I may write for the roof productions.
Mr. Harris has the first of the series
now, and has already sent me his first
Jdseph M. Weber will not confine
his efforts to the management of the
music hall at Twenty-ninth street and
Broadway in New York after the sev
erance of his business relations with
Lew Fields. Weber's first independent
venture will be the management of
Lillian Russell in the John Kendrick
Bangs and A. Baldwin Sloans musical
piece, "Lady Teazle," which is to be
seen at the Knickerbocker Theater
next season, following immediately the
run of the Rogers Brothers 'at that
house.
This will be the first of Weber's
independent ventures, but from all ac
counts it will not be the last by any
means. The play xeferred to is a
musical comedy version of Sheridan's
"School for Scandal," and was at first
intended for the use of Mabelle Gil
man.
(* "Camille." with which, in the Eng
lish mind, his name is associated, does
not show the real Dumas. One of his
earliest works, it is surpassed by his
later plays, notably "Denise," "Mon
sieur Alphonse," "Le Demimonde" and
"La Femme de Claude" ("Cesarino").
The work of the younger Dumas is in
striking contrast with that of his
father, whose historical novels are
classics. Dumas fils was born July 2S.
1S24. and died November 27, 1S93.
CELEBRATED SINGER TALKS OF AMERICA, ENGLAND AND AUSTRALIA.
In Hartford, Michigan, a quaint lit
tle towrf* surrounded on all sides by
multitudes of flowering fruit trees, a
company of young people, some of
whom are descendants of the Potta
watomie Indians, are rehearsing a
drama called "The Queen of the
Woods." This play, which is a rep
resentation of the beautiful and pa
thetic love story of Chief Simon Poka
gon, oneVof the most noted Indians of
nil time, tells the story of the love
making and the tragic incidents of the
famous old chief, who now lies buried
in the Indian cemetery, near the little
Catholic church at Rush Lake.
The piece itself is not a triumph of
dramatic art. It is more like one of
the early attempts at plays and has a
certain crude dignity that /puts it
alongside the rude but effective repre
sentations of the passion play at
Oberammergau. In the stately Algon
quin, tongue, the- play Is called
"O-Gi-Maw-Mit-I-Gwa-Ki," which be
ing translated into English means
"The Queen of the .Woods."
The play abounds in Indian lore,
and is based on fact. Before Simon
Pokagon died he wrote a book which
he called "The Queen of the Woods."
This book has been praised In many
quarters because of its beautiful and
stately Engl'- '\. In this story the old
Heyse has been called essentially
a modern pessimist. A Jew by birth,
he ia an intellectual follower o^
Strauss in religion and of Schopen
hauer in philosophy. But he has
striven to find a faith for himself in
the service of beauty , and has not
hesitated to show his scorn of con
ventional beliefs.
/ . • * *
"Mary of Magdala," which Heyse
intended should be the crowning work
of his career, Is the only one of his
plays that has been acted in English.
Heyse has derived a large income
from his works. He spends much of
his time in Italy, where he has a
handsome villa. He has also a resi
dence in Berlin and a country home in
Germany.
His travels showed him the narrow
ness and conventionalism of Norway
and the evils that must result from it,
and he has since devoted his pitiless
pen to picturing and satirizing social
conditions in his own country. His
dramas were a revelatidn. Truth and
realism their keynote, they are mar
velous in stagecraft, tremendous in
power and absolutely devoid of theat
rical artifice.
Paul Heyse, author of "Mary of
Magdala," has been as prolific as Ibsen
in his output of dramas, poetry and
fiction. He has written about fifty
plays, many of which are acted fre
quently at the German theaters, and
is well if not better known as a novel
ist chiefly from the popularity of his
story, "The Children of the World."
Heyse was born in Berlin, March 15,
1830. His father was a professor at
the University of Berlin, and' there
and at the University of Bonn, Paul
Heyse received his education. His
plays have been, as a rule, of the'ro
mantic type, and he Is not a follower
of the modern school.
Politics interesting him, he became
an ardent radical and wrote poems
of a revolutionary nature. In later
years Ibsen changed his politics, and
has long been a conservative. Hia
first play, "The Warrior's Barrow,"
was produced in Christiania in 1850.
Soon after this he was made stage
manager of the Bergen Theater, and
there developed his genius /for stage
technique. All this time he had been
writing historical dramas, poems and
novels in profusion. His works were
then of the romantic type, and it was
not until, on a poet's pension, he
traveled extensively through Europ'e.
that he turned his attention to the
modern realistic dramas on which his
fame rests.
Ibsen was born at Skein, Norway,
March 20, 1828, the son of a rich mer
chant, whose subsequent failure de
stroyed young Ibsen's hopes of a uni
versity career. Instead of becoming
an artist, as had been his wish, he
took a position as clerk in a drug
store, and while there educated him
self. When about 21 he published his
firs.t book, which was a complete fail
ure.
Of living playwrights Henrik Ibsen
is the greatest, for he founded the
modern realistic drama and revolu
tionized the drama of every nation.
Time was when his greatness was
recognized by few, and it was the
fashion to ridicule him. To-day, when
his seventy-sixth birthday has passed,
his plays are in the repertory of every
theater of prominence in continental
Europe, and the public of England
and America has awakened to a recog
nition of his worth.
FOUR GREAT WRITERS
WHOSE PRODUCTIONS
ARE DRAMATIC GEMS
There are signs of reawakening at
Fischer's new theater that will now
be completed shortly. There will be
a great gain in convenience, safety and
beauty in the new theater that will
also have two hundred new seats. The
company, /with the exception of Ben
Dillon and Roy Alton, will be entirely
new and will include Yorke and
Adams, the well-known and popular
The MacDowell season of Sardou
plays at the Grand Opera-house will
continue this week with the presenta
tion of "Fedora," in which as Louis
Spanoff Mr. MacDowell finds one of
his most congenial opportunities.
The following week the actor will
produce a new romantic drama, "A
Captain of Navarre." Afterward
comes Mrs. Leslie Carter in "Du Bar
ry," in which the actress repeated her
triumph in "Zaza."
The Alcazar keeps well abreast of
its reputation for enterprise. They
produce another new farce there this
week by Sydney Rosenfeld, "A Possi
ble Case." It will be done for the
first time here.
This evening at the California be
gins the usual summer season of the
Xeill-Morosco stock company, with
"When We Were Twenty-one" as the
bill. The new company, that, how
ever, includes many of the older mem
bers, is saidUo be unusually strong this
season. It has won much favorable
commendation since its inception.
Most engaging, endearing again, is
his Prince Karl in "Old Heidelberg,"
an apotheosis of fragrant youth. Mr.
Mansfield seems to have kicked the
centuries avay, washed himself of ex
perience, urunken of the fountain of
youth for this characterization. It is
instinct with romance, poetry, delicate
pathos. The story is only that of a
poor little princelet, brought up by
hand in all the stifling ceremonial of a
small German court and flung for four
months into the free, fighting, singing,
bubbling student life of "Old Heidel
berg." He learns what it is to be a
man, not a royal machine. He learns
the fun of work, of love, of play. And
he has to leave them. That is all, but
most fascinating in its presentation by
Mr. Mansfield. "Old Heidelberg" offers
also other noteworthy opportunities.
Miss Conquest as the maid of the inn,
Katie, wholesome, joyous, womanly,
kind — yet not too kind — the sister and
pet of all the students that frequent
the house, the humble sweetheart of
the Prince, is a figure of most engag
ing charm. She stands worthily be
side Mr. Mansfield.
Mr. A. G. Andrews as the Prince's
tutor is also rhost gratefully in the
picture, and the valet of Mr. Kenyon.
Students and courtiers fill up the can
vas and with their be-plastered faces,
songs, uniforms, gayety, ceremony,
contribute to an illusion without flaw.
Then followed the Baron Chevrial —
infinite, indeed, is the Mansfield va
riety. It is an historic leer. And
"Beau Brummel," perfect in pathos,
attic in comedy, the sublimation of the
fop, wherein shall one find the Mans
field gallery lacking? One remembers
only afterward that there is a mechan
ism of the art, remembers only after
ward that one can hear every word
that is said; that the splendid voice
runs cunningly the whole gamut of
expressive tone; that the makeup is
the work of a Velasquez of the art;
that the gesture is eternally fit; that
the facial language is invariably the
illumined index of the thought, so per
fectly the artist covers his technical
tracks. And this surpassing artistry
is felt to the last 'detail of he produc
tions, lavish, correct, moving as on
wheels. Their season is an experience
not to be forgotten.
The week, with Richard -Mansfield
in repertoire at "the Columbia Theater,
has been an epoch in local dramatic
annals. Four plays, the tragedy of
Count Alexis Tolstoi, new here — "Ivan
the Terrible"; the charming romance,
"Old Heidelberg," also new locally;"A
Parisian Romance," in which Mr.
Mansfield made his first mark on the
dramatic world, and "Beau Brummel,"
the ever delightful, have been given.
The programme is an astonishing one.
This week's is as varied, with yet an
other play, another historic success of
the actor's, in "Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde," to be put on for the only time
next Friday evening. The rest of the
week is programmed as follows: "Old
Heidelberg" on Monday and Thursday
evenings and at the Saturday matinee;
"Ivan the Terrible" on Tuesday and
Saturday evenings, and "Beau Brum
mel" on Wednesday evening.
It were difficult to say in which
phase the actor is found most
inspiring and most profoundly sugges
tive. As a single portrait, looking out
from a shadowy background, dark,
splendid, vague as that from which
some, of the Rembrandt figures start
forth, the actor's Ivan the Terrible
dominates the view.
fended, "We — we have so many. We
don't think of it."
But I improvised Immediately the
plan of a First Aid to the Flowerless
Stranger.
"And they do think of it in Aus
tralia?"
Madame said "rather!" and I wished
v.e had thought of it.
"Have you done much in comic opera
besides 'The Fortune Teller'?" I re
verted, tactfully, I felt.
"Xo, in fact, that was my only essay
in that direction." tbe singer returned.
"I sang in grand opera all the time I
v.as in Australia excepting then — oh,
yes, and excepting also a few concerts
with the Sydney Philharmolne Or
chestra."
"In wha^t roles chiefly?"
"Elsa, Marguerite, in Mignon— I
think I did something perhaps un
precedented as Els£," she exclaimed.
Then, turning her eyes on Mrs. Curtis,
she asked, "My eyes are all right? You
are a perfect dear! Would you rather
hold my grease-paint or act Camille?"
Mrs. Curtis laughingly decided that
she would prefer to change her-Camllle
costume six times in one evening
to holding a grease-paint cauldron over
a candle for fifteen minutes, even for
Madame Slapoffski.
"But Elsa, Madame?" I reminded the
little lady, as with a sigh she decided
that her eyes were sufficiently deco
rated.
"Oh, yes! Can you imagine," she ask
ed me then, "being asked to take the
role cf Elsa at half-past one of the day
on which you first sung it? I did that.
Mr. Musgrove's prima donna fell ill,
and he requested me to take her place.
I knew the part except the last act,
but I had to learn that, to sing with a
tenor I did not know, and without any
rehearsal, and the performance went
without a hitch. Xo one sang Elsa af
ter that but me."
"That is truly remarkable," I heartily
agreed. "And Marguerite must have
been one of your favorite parts?" I
remembered the singer's excellent
"Jewel Song" of the week, and her al
most painful self-denial in the way of
acting the part as she sang.
"I love it," she told me. "I love all
grand opera. I'm only fully alive when
I'm singing in it. Yes, Marguerite is
one of my favorite parts — oh, I must
show you something."
Reverently she then took from her
trunk a small coral cross, finger length.
"That belonged once to the famous
Vestris," she told me. "A woman who
heard my Marguerite and liked it went
home and sent this to me. Wasn't she
splendid?"
I took the little relic and saw, pin
scratchpd on the back, "Vestris, Pales-
tine, 1840." ,
"It is my talisman," the singer said
naively. "J never sing without it."
We returned then by way of "Lohen
grin" to Wajrner/in Australia. The
sinerer told me that they had stood for
eleven performances of "Lohengrin" in
three weeks in Melbourne, and that
they much prefer "Lohengrin" to
"Tannhauser." She added, "If we did
'Lohengrin* six times in a season of
forty-two weeks in England we thought
it extraordinary — which shows how far
in advance of England Australia is in
musical appreciation."
"They haven't done anything yet In
the way of production, creative art,
have they?" I inquired. The Aus
tralian silence in the art world has
often puzzled me.
• "Xo — o." Madame could think of
only one artist — whose name she could
not remember. "But they are excep
tionally appreciative." •
"You have no reason to complain of
American appreciation so far "
"Indeed no," the singer agreed. "If
they are as good to me everywhere
else as here, I shall be more than
pleased."
"You think of staying?"
"For some time, yes, and " the
brown eyes wandered in tell-tale fash
ion to a photograph almost at her
elbow on the table, clean-shaven, good
humored, a man — of course.
"Monsieur Slapoffski?"
She nodded. "It's the first time we
have been separated. We don't like
it. He is coming as coon as he has
fulfilled his contracts there "
" 'He' is?"
"A musical director," madame smiled;
"I think the greatest in the world!"
"Of course." I sympathized. "But
how are you going to get him over
here? Won't he have to be smuggled?
The name! The Japanese warships
patrolling the Pacific "
Madame Slapoffski laughed, and told
me that her other half was a good
Englishman, of Russian descent, and
very proud — as she was — of their
unique patronymic.
Another photograph stood near Mr.
Slapoffski's, a face familiar, though un
familiarly posed. Suddenly, however,
I recognized Melba, and saw the legend
"To Mme. Slapoffski, from hers sincere
•ly, Nellie Melba."
"You know her?" I asked, unneces
sarily.
• "Very well," the other prima donna
replied. "I like her. They're very
proud of her down there — tear the roof
off for her. So they should."
"I have heard other word as to her
popularity in her native land," I ven
tured, "how is that?"
"Oh, a lot of people don't like her be
cause s-he is abrupt," Glapoffski ex
plained. "She says right out what she
means. Perhaps it is because I do, too,
that I like her so much. But they all
admire her singing. How could they
help?"
"How could they?" I echoed. "With
whom did you study, madame?" I asked
determined then' to get at the growers
of that great voice planted in the ethe
real little figure that was now slipping
into a pale blue silken "confection" be
fore me.
"With Madame Haigh-Dyer for five
years, with Manuel Garcia for two,"
she replied.
"Oh!" I said, satisfied. "With Pat
ti's teacher for two years, eh? But
Ktlll I cannot understand where It all
comes from."
"Here," madame laughed, pointing
at her full upper chest. "You never
get much voice without the 'pigeon
chest.' A full development below may
disguise the fact that you are pigeon
chested, but it is always there. A
"But you're very stingy with them,"
madame retorted. Add to the brown
eyes, shining hair, clean, eager chin
•that I have so far given her. a nrnv
rather thin-lipped mouth. "You have
so many, the shops and gardens are
full of them, yet I have had hardly
any sent to me since I came."
"That is just it, madame," I de-
"We have flowers here," I began,
expecting the usual compliment to our
floral riches.
"But, madame," I exclaimed.
It -was in the tin-lined dressing-room
cf the "greatest English pnma donna,"
;Mme. Slapoffski. at the Orpheum. The
sacrfd door had opened to me and I
was on the threshold. A little figure of
five feet two, built on me slightest
lines, draped in a straight, scant, pink
Japanese kimona, ww holding out a
small hand to me.
"And this Is Mme. Slapoffski?" upon'
ir.y honor 1 did not say the name any
oftener than I had to. But she was an
impossible sort of surprise at close
range. I had fitted, even with the lady
before me — though from the glamour
side of the footlights — that voice ex
traordinary, that human syren, with an
envelope sufficiently capacious to hold
it. I was wondering wild*ly where the
rest of madame was.
"This is Mrre. Slapoffski," the little
lady confirmed, with no evidence of
abnormal volume in her gentle voice.
"Won't you sit down? I'm Just doing
up my eyes."
I was glad to sit down. Brought up
«m the doctrine that all flesh is voice,
it was a shock to have one's faith shat
tered in a single, exiguous instant. But
conversation must be made in an in
terview and I began to make 6ome.
"You are Just here from Australia,
Madame, they tell me," I began, taking
in the clean, eager line of the profile
chin she gave me, the slim, girlish
neck, the little astonishing, alert fig
ure.
"From Australia," she echoed cozily,
"but permit me, Mrs. Curtis."
I became cognizant then of an ex
ceedingly kind pair of gray eyes in a
pleasant, round face that lc-oked at me
. over madame's shoulder.
•You will know Mrs. Curtis — Albina
<!•' Maire — one of your famous Ca
rnilles." Slapoffskf continued, "and Mr.
«'urtis — "
"Not Samuel of Posen?"
"Samuel of P<"sen." the singer con
firmed. "Mr. Curtis is my manager.
"Mrs. <"urtis — "
*"I«b at present your maid." that lady
laushtd. She was holding a mysterious
# black bubbling concoction over the can
dle like a pood-natured witch. It was
with this with which madame was
heading the lashes that shade her
hriprht. brown eyes. "Her maid is ill,"
Mrs. Curtis further explained, "ton
" Filitis. and we feared the infection,"
"Your San Francisco is not good for
. throats." madame advanced.
"Can it affect yours?" I asked in
-rreduously. The capacity of the San
Francisco climate had never before
loomed so larpe.
"Indeed yes," the owner of the throat
in Question returned. "I had quite a
had throat for ten days after coming
here. But I've found something won
derful. That." — and she jerked a little
thumb in the direction of a plate that
held two sugared halves of Juicy grape
fruit. "It's a natural tonic. It tones the
relaxed vocal chords immediately. Mr.
Curtis has made arrangements for me
To have it all the time."
Grape-fruit men, the tip is yours.
"Is this your first visit to America,
madame." I asked by the book.
"My first. I've boon here four weeks
only," the singer replied. "I like it.
I tell you what. I like your women.
•I think they're the finest in the world.
They're good to one another. If you
have on anything pretty they choose
that to talk about. If you've done well,
they tell you so."
"You are English, madame?"
She laughed comprehendinsly and
said: "1 don't v ish to run down my
own countrywomen, but they are com
paratively jealous, ungenerous, in this
profession— a profession in which jeal
ousy flourishes, by the way. Do they
say you look nice if you do? Nay.
*Th<=y look over you this way — " in a
moment her little finger nail was jeal
ously bitten between thin lips, and a
* hard, cold, critical eye turned my way.
'You always feel you'd better have
I'Ut something else on. bought anything
els<S been anything else." Her tone
was not exactly bitter, but edged cer
tainly.
"And Australia?"
"Oh. it's much the same there," and
Slapoffski returned with regained good
humor to her work of framing her
eyes. "But Australia is very fascinating?
«m excellent field for one of this pro-'
fession."
"You dor.'t mean vaudeville— this is
your first appearance in variety, is it
not?"
The Finger nodded her shining brown
head as she replied affirmatively. "No;
I wa.s only in grand and light opera
there."
"And in England with the Carl Rosa
Opera Company for nine years?"
"Yes."
"And in much oratorio?"
" "Also, yes," she laughed. "And in
concert, too. I've done almost every
thing. I was in 'The Fortune Teller*
for a long time in Australia. Do you
know. I think it fit to rajik with 'Die
Fledfrmaus,' 'Daughter of the Regi
ment' and such-like operas?"
"You do? I havn't heard vou in it
yet. madame."
"It had a great vogue in Australia,"
{-.he said then. "We did it in Melbourne
foV twelve weeks, in Sydney for an
other ten, then returned to sing it for
another twelve weeks in Melbourne."
"You have a great many good things
theatrical in Australia, I understand?"
"If they're not pood it is of no use
to take them there," Slapoffski put it.
"The people are very critical, but also
very generous in their support o* good
things. And if they like you, my! they
can't do enough for you! They deluge
you with flowers." Here madame's
gaze flew over to a stately bouquet of
roses, red and white, that graced the
Jons table, with its powder, grease
paint, pots, cans and tubes of complex
ion scattered about.
FEAST OF DRAMATIC
TRIUMPHS ARRANGED
FOR THE NEW WEEK
good big mouth is a good thins, tool
How's this?" She opened her. own
widely. "And here, too, is a storage
machine," and she touched the well
developed muscles at her waist.
I nodded, then askeo 1 : "Was Garcia
fond of talking about Patti?"
"Just occasionally. He was very
proud of her," Slapoffski testified.
"Just think of the dear old man, 100
years old the other day — Mallbran his
sister, Patti his pupil, Marches! his pu
pil. Such a history." As she spoke, 1 the
singer gravely slipped the cross of Ves
tris into her decolletage.
We came back to San Francisco
then, as she said that she had been
talking more than she should for the
good of her songs that were to follow.
To remedy this, with her mouth shut
the singer begun humming sol
beggi. the various trimmings of the
"Jewell Song," and other mollifying
exercises, and then the gun sounded —
the grun of the turn before — and Slap
offski had to go. Out in front I heard
her, and with mine own eyes saw her
grow a cubit in stature as she trump
eted forth those big, splendid, satisfy
ing, full notes of hers!
Seeker, "Wilkes and company add to
the Joys of the Chutes » this week.
They are capable coons.
Charles H. Burke, Grace La Rue
and their "Inky Boys" in a sketch en
titled the "Silver Moon," would prob
ably headline the Orpheum's bill this
week if Marcel's Living Art Studies
were not there. The bill promises
varied excellence.
'The Tivoli continues its pretty pro
duction of "A Runaway Girl."
The Central will have "A Great
Temptation" with which to tempt its
patrons this week. Julia Blanc, the
well-known character actress, will
make her first appearance on the Cen
tral boards in the play.
Hebrew and German comedians; Al
Fields, one of the "greatest" of Ger
man comedians; Edwin Clark, for sev
eral years the principal comedian with
the "Chinese Honeymoon" company;
Miss Caroline Hull, said to be one of
the best "all-round" burlesque "ac
tresses in the country; Edna Aug, a .
soubrette too weir known to require^
comment, and the Garrlty sisters.
The new burlesque is by Judson
Brusie and is said to be evenvfunnier
than was "Fiddle-Dee-Dee." It is,
called "U. S." The music has been .
written by both Lee Johnson and Will
Carleton and is all original.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19father of the bride caused to be sent
to a hospital Ice cream and other nup
tial -delicacies that brought forth
enough good wishes and "God bless
hers" from the sufferers to blow the
clouds away from the path of the hap
py pair.
And here's another! When Miss Luey
Northam James became Mrs. Hunting
ton Wilson in Baltimore recently, she
was 'gowned— and so, too. were her
maids—in robes copied from portraits
c-f Velssquez and Van Dyke; even their
slippers jvere unique, the heels of sil
ver and gold showing coyly beneath
rather short skirts. Now, there's an
idea! It is said that the procession was
highly artistic and the gowns very be
coming. Perhaps! But could anything
be prettier than a pretty . maid in a
simple white robe and misty veil, and
an armful of blossoms?
And by the way, elaboration in wed
ding gowns is passe— the simpler the
more modish. Well, a revolution was
bound to come.
* * * '
Here's still another whisper from the
other side in regard to weddings.
It Is often the duty of ushers at wed
dings to, refer to typewritten lists of
gyests in order to pick out the sheep
from the goats, and herd them accord
ingly, the sheep down the middle aisle
and the goats down the sides.
The pause Was awkward for both
usher and guest, and now comes a
solution, evolved at a recent New York
Wedding.' Inclosed with the wedding
Invitation was a check for the center
aisle pew, and that settled it. It is
said that the * scheme worked admir
ably.
• * ¦&<! vli* - "- * t
The Donaldson luncheon on Wednes
day.was a charming affair. Involving a
bevy of college maids— pretty and
clever ones. The luncheon, was * In
honor, of Miss Eleanor Warner, the
prospective bride of Stuart* Rawlings
of Mexico.
Among the guests were Miss Warner,
Mrs. Charles Edward Hume. Mrs. Wil
liam Robert Sherwood, Mrs. Louie
Beedy. Mrs. Allen Chickering. Mrs. A.
E. Graupner, Mrs. William Wutrz
baugh, Mrs. Walter Starr, Miss Ethel
Parker and Miss Jane Rawlings.
The Warners have gone over to Bllth
dale for the summer, but will return to
town for Miss Eleanor's nuptials.
Lucky Mr. Rawlings will arrive from
Mexico somewhere about the first of
July, the wedding to follow soon after.
The Bissinger-Ehrman wedding was
an affair of note.
The Pacific avenue home was a bow
er of flowers and palms, American
beauty roses and . pink hawthorne
blossoms blooming everywhere. The
bride, a fascinating little maid, wore
a robe of white satin and Valenciennes.
The groom is considered a splendid
fellow, popular alike in business and
club circles.
The young people have gone to New
York for their postnuptial trip.
The Von Schroeders have been enter
taining Prince von Ratibor and his
sister. Princess Elizabeth von Ratibor.
at San Rafael, the Prince taking a run
down to Los Angeles with the Baron
for a few days.
The distinguished foreigners were en
tertained by President and Mrs. Roose
velt at luncheon while staying - in
Washington, the following guests hav
ing been present at the function:
Prince and Princess Hohenlohe
Schillingfurst, Princess Elizabeth
Hohenlohe, Prince- Karl von Ratibor,
Erbprinz von liatibor. Princess Eliza
beth von Ratibor, Graf .von Rumer
skirch, the Secretary of State and Mrs.
Hay, Senator and Mrs. Lodge. -Mine.
Borgnis, Mile. Borgnis, Llr. and Mrs.
Wiborg, the German Embassador, Gen
eral Crc-zier, General Young, Whitelaw
Reid and Mrs. Cowles.
A bowling party was given by Dr.
SOCIETY WOMEN WHO SOON WILL BE MISSED.
general, be it known, only a few years
ago was caught in the elysian garden
of love himself, and he was old enough
to know better — if wrong it was. But
as ever, the old warn and the young
wed— but sometimes the old both warn
and wed.
Apropos to the unrest in the Presidio
in the matter of recent upheavals in
volving men of supposedly high honor
much has been said. Why, pray, should
higher standards be looked for in army
circles than amonsr gentlemen in civil
life? Men high in civil life have at
times made moral mistakes and no
vast amount of shock was expressed,
save by those , associated with them.
But in the army a breach of honor or
trust is fatal— not only among the of
ficers, with whom the affair is neces
sarily a matter of discipline, but among
civilians as well. Relative to the late
frequency of army and honor breaches
at the Pre?idio the officers are almost
a unit in declaring the trouble the out
growth of the "crime of '96," when men
strong In influence, but weak in char
acter, were awarded commissions and
since brought disgrace to the service.
But whatever of small shadows the
Presidio has cast upon the social hori
zon its contributions to the social life
of the city is Immeasurable. Its women,
while not noted for their beauty or-dis
tinctiveness of style, are cultured and
charming, and its men— well, Cupid
Danforth can testify to their charm!
Distinctly we need the Presidio! What
would the Fortnicntlies or the Assem
blies, the Mardi Gras or even our lesser
functions be without the gallant chaps
with shoulder straps?
On Monday Mrs. B. F. Tilley enter-
And while It is probably true that
Uncle Sam doesn't keep up a standing
army for purely social reasons, he is
performing the dual function of pre
serving peace and promoting happi
ness. And blessings on him!
The week has not been a "radiant
round of pleasure," as Cholly Knicker
bocker puts it. It barely escaped being
stupid through the angelic agency of
bridge, Mr. Mansfield and the com
mencement exercises of Berkeley and
Stanford. Hundreds from town at
tended the two big days, class-day and
.graduation day, at both universities.
Ah! What life, what effervescence,
what hope was abroad in the air! Such
scenes as these invigorate. The physi
cal buoyancy of those young men and
women was a tonic' proving again —
if proof be needed— that the exuber
ance of vouth is the most blessed gift
of God. And therefore let us be
patient 'with the roystering extrava
gances of the college lad or maid— they
are theirs only while they linger in the
flowered groves of youth.
Among those who went over to
Berkeley on class-day to see why "Any
man" couldn't graduate, were Miss
Marie Wells, her pretty little sister
Miss Juanita, Mrs. Malcolm Henry,
Mrs. Ursula Stone, Miss Wenzelberger,
Mrs. A. C. Graupner, Miss Moffat and
many other charming enthusiasts.
taincd very happily in honor of Mrs.
Merrill Miller, wife of Rear Admiral
Miller, wtio for three years was com
mandent-of Mare Island. During her
residence at the naval center. Mrs. Mil
ler became very popular with the ladies
of the navy, who sincerely regretted
her taking official leave of them.
The ladies who were invited to meet
Mrs. Miller, and incidentally to try
their hands at cards" enjoyed a charm
ing afternoon.
Mrs. Rosenfeld's luncheon at the St.
Francis on Monday was a pretty af
fair, at which forty guests were enter
tained. The decorations were notably
attractive and simple, consisting of
sweet peas in their many colorings.
Oakland and Alameda were well repre
sented in the affair, and some awfully
fetching gowns were seen.
Mrs. Samuel Hart Boardman enter
tained Mrs. Dillingham of Honolulu at
a small tea on the same day.
The senior dance of Stanford at San
Jose on Monday night was a dazzling
affair. The co-eds were fetching ill
their diaphanous 'frocks, and many
memories will be treasured of the last
blessed two-step.
Berkeley was busy this week. The
Omega Chapter of the,Beta Theta Pi
fraternity gave a dinner on Monday
night to twenty convivial spirits and
later entertained more than 100 at a
dance. At frat dances there are not
many dull moments, and this, the last
of the semester, was exceptionally spir
ited. So much for the buoyancy of
youth.
Among the wanderers from home are
Mrs. George, Law Smith and her daugh
ter Miss Maud Smith, wno went on to
St. Louis/last week, where Mrs. Smith,
as president of the California Federa
tion of Women's Clubs, has taken an
active part In the deliberation of the
national body.
Mrs. Smith and her pretty daughter
have planned to spend the summer in
the East, where they will be extensive
ly entertained. In Chicago, Washing
ton, St. Louis, Baltimore and New
York, unlimited hospitalities await
them, and it will probably be Septem
ber before the wanderers turn their
steps homeward.
Mrs. Worthington Ames has distin
guished herself of late as a leader in
amateur vocalisms. Possessing a splen
did voice, she has learned how .and
when to use it.
In the recent concert of the Twen
tieth Century Club Mrs. Ames proved
herself a musician of pronounced abil
ity. :
During the summer she will occupy
a cottagie in San Mateo, close to the
handsome Preston home.
The Chi Phi fraternity over the bay,
not to be outdone in hospitality by the
other frats, were hosts at a reception
on Monday. The decorations were pro
nounced charming. Cecil Brunier roses
and Mrs. Vandever last week. Those
in the party were Dr. and Mrs. Van
dever, Dr. R. Blue. Mis.-? Clough. Dr.
Frank Topping:. Dr. and Mrs. George
Vandever. William A. Alford. Misa
Holmes and Miss Feldheim. The party
bowled until half past 10. at which
time refreshments were served.
M. J. Netter entertained a number
of his friends on Friday evening at
bowling. Members of the party were
Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Netter, Mrs. David
Netter. Mrs. Selig Netter, all of Phil
adelphia; Misses Stella and G. Gins
berg of Sacramento and I. Rosenz
weig and Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Netter of
San Francisco.
Another bowling party was given
last week by Mr. and Mrs. Bninner.
Those in the party were Mr. and Mrs.
Mlcheletti, Mrs. Baur, A. Baur. Miss
Frankfort. F. Kronenberg Jr., Misses
Kronenberg, H. Kronenberg. Tilden
Tognazzini and Ernest Tognazzini.
After the party tired of bowling re
freshments were served.
Miss Linda Llebes. whose engage
ment to Dr. E. D. Lederrgan haa been
announced, will receive at her home,
1814 Pacific avenue, to-day. Miss
Liebes is a charming young woman,
popular in her set and her marriage
will be a big event of the summer.
* * *
Mrs. Thomas Klrkpatrlck of 1013
Steiner street grave a "five hundred"
card party at her residence on Sat
urday, the 14th inst.. when a largp
number of friends were invited to
meet the guests of the evening. Misa
Agnes Murphy and Miss Almee Moore.
Among those present were Captain
and Mrs. Alunger. Mrs. Charles Good
all, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Evans, the
Misses Tobin, Mr. and Mrs. Chater,
Mrs. E. Partridge. Miss Roberta. Dr.
Brennan and Mr. and Mrs. Cline. Four
prizes were offered, a tall brass vase.
an antique teapot, a china plaque and
a tobacco Jar, all Chinese, and these
were won by Mrs. Cline, Miss Tobin,
Mr. Evans and Mrs. Goodall.
The drawing-room was decorated
with masses of sweet peas in varying
shades of pink, while in the dining
room a deeper note was struck by a
profusion of these same blossoms in
crimson.
Miss Murphy and Miss Moore, both
of whom have acquired wonderful
reputations in clubdom as raconteurs
and versifiers, lived up to their repu
tations nobly, both of whom told some
clever stories and gave some chic
reading.
The Fred Tallants are expected in
San Rafael about the middle of June,
to remain two months. They havu
taken the old-fashioned place occupied
by the George Hellmans for the las!
year or two. Mrs. Hellman and her
children will spend the summer in
Monterey. Mrs. Hellman was '"Robby"
Wright, daughter of Mrs. Wright, who
is so actively interested in the Daugh
ters of the Confederacy, and like her
mother, a charming woman.
Dr. and the Misses Buckley are about
to start on an Eastern tour. The young
women are possessed of charming per
sonalities, are intelligent, interesting
and will undoubtedly enjoy their pro
posed visit intensely.
An army post springing up out of
the sands of the desert, or out from
grassy r^ains. or down in the shadow
of a frowning canyon, there within the
Rttle citadel, a life wholly apart from
soldier-duty takes its rise. The post
soon becomes the Paris of the eircum
ecrtfjed locality. It becomes the hub
of the trails and wagonroads of the
wilderness, and within its domain is
Jound whatever of culture and well
bred association that survives isola
.tion. It is therefore the Edenic spot
where many pledges are plighted, and
many hearts made one — O. yes, pro
pinquity. «.f course. Wise? Sometimes.
<= In outlying posts the officers become
Brummrls— there are no rivals on the
ltsts. Th«- social life of the whole reg
ior^ centers in them, and they are the
heroes. It is this atmosphere of com J 
fanionship that makes the isolation of
the post endurable, and renders the
soWier's patriotism less liable to get
•weak in the knees. And what a joy it
is to the stockman's daughter, 6r the
lonely schoolma'am. or even the post
tradft's blue-eyed lass?
. But what of the city with an army
• pos"t at its elbow? Is the Impression
upon society so marked as without the
¦pale of cities? Hardly. In the outpost
the fort is the formative power. It
creates, nourishes and perpetuates— or
kills— the social life of its environment.
In the city— as in our own — the post is
but a formative factor, but a factor
that figures largely out of proportion
to civic influences. And the reasons
"are not hard to find. Army men — and
it's the m<-n who really figure in civil
society— are. ay a class, a cultivated,
well-groomed, well-disciplined and
wholly interesting cJass of fellows, in
whom the social qualities have been
well d>?v*-Iop«-.(j. and having ample time
for social duties, and a cultivation of
interesting friendships, it is small won
d«r that they are capturing the fairest
prizes in our mart of pretty maidens —
just look at the record of last winter,
and the nnrnming summer, and judge
for yourself whether the presence of
the army r.nst nan borne any Influence
pn civic social life.
Say what you will, my pretty maid
yea, and my handsome dame — those
stunning soldier-men are charming —
most of th^m— and a frank confession,
nhich is good for us all. will reveal the
fact that, al! things being equal, the
son of Mars has decMr-dly the best of
the guest, and therefore his successful
suit.. Ah! that we M-knit figure In blue
and brass is captivating.
And aside from the fascinating sub
ject of matrimony, the post contributes
a distinct phase of entertainment for
the from town girls. Now, it is said
that the army girls have no vast love
for the town girls, who usually out
dress thf-m and generally outshine
them in dash and spirit and a few
other thirds that mon condemn in their
sisters, but like awfully well in their
friend?, and the army girl really as
sumes a spirit of supremacy— being an
army girl— over her rival from
town. But usually the town girl wins.
Of course, there is the clement of
finance figuring largely in the game of
hearts. Many of the most charming
men in the service are not Croesuses,
depending entirely upon the stipend —
not o'er generous — from Uncle Sam.
And marriage with an army girl, with
equal prospects of financial barrenness,
would be a series of hardships and
debt-wrestles for both. And from this
the young officer shrinks — and wisely.
General Corbin has dilated upon the
futility of youns officers wedding at all.
"Wait," -says the crusty old warrior,
"wait till you make enough to support
a vile," and adds, "then hesitate." The
and hawthorne figured in the scheme
—fruit blossoms, it was noticed, were
tabooed, it being considered bad form
now to use them.
What a delightful affair that con
cert was of Miss Grace Wheeler's! A
pretty creature she is, with a velvet
voice and an exquisite j figure. The
numbers she gave were gems and they
were frankly and honestly applauded.
She gave two songs of Oscar Weil's
th,at were distinctly pretty, the. last
one, however, coming v v ery near to
grief. The singer had Just begun the
ballad "O. Take Those Lips Away,"
when a couple of dogs fell to disputing
out in the alley and almost drowned
the melody within. So violent did
their arguments become that the fair
singer was compelled to cease until
the dogs had been sent hence, causing
a wicked man near by to paraphrase
the lovely lyric to "Oh, Take those
Dogs Away," which caused an un
seemly titter. The patronesses were:
Mrs. Chauncey Rose Winslow, Mrs.
John. F. Mrrrill, Mrs. Hunter Harri
son, Horace Blanchard Chase, Mrs.
John Khepard Eells, Mrs. James Ellis
Tucker. Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mrs.
Henry F. Allen, Mrs. Henry St. Goar,
Mrs. George Roe, Mrs. Benjamin G.
Lathrop, Mrs. Walter P. Treat, Mrs.
William A. Ma gee, Mrs. James K. Wil
son. Mrs. William R. Wheeler, Mrs.
Frederick G. Ranborn, Mrs. Eleanor
Martin, Mrs. William H. Mills, Dr. Syl
via Harris, Mrs. George Story and Mrs.
William Ashburner.
The engagement of Miss Blanche
Tisdale. daughter of Mrs. W. de Witt
Tisdale, to Charles Peter Weeks, the
architect, caused a general ripple in so
ciety circles here and in San Jose, the
young woman having ma*de her home
in the Garden City since her child
hood.
Miss Tisdale is an attractive maiden,
petite, pretty and clever. As a horse
woman she has won many laurels and
can be seen daily, cantering out to the
park with her fiance, who is himself
something of a horse lover. .
Mr. Weeks ranks high among the
architects of the city and is pos
sessed of many social qualities. Miss
Tisdale's elder sister, Mrs. Edgar/ R.
Bryant, was a belle of San Jose before
her marriage to Dr. Bryant.
Have you heard of the whispered en
gagement of little Miss Alice Newhall
to Dr. O'Mera. the doctor of
The attentions of the young cleric to
the' young niece of Maye Newhall were
marked, and an announcement was
looked for before the party started for
Europe. But as the doctor accompanies
the pretty little maid, perhaps the news
of acceptance may come to us by
cable.-
Speaking of Newhalls, what a time
of it Miss Margaret has been having
at Los Angeles. Among those whd en
tertained her' in the south were her
aunt, Mrs. Walter Newhall, Mrs. M. J.
Connell, Miss Grace Mellus, Miss Mary
Longstreet, Mrs. Granville : McGowan
and ever so many more that have slip
ped my mind. And it is said that there
were two Lochinvars who. lingered
long at the station when she waved
her little hand adieu.
Apropos of -weddings— and June is
the merry month of "mating— here are
a few observations:
In Los Angeles last week, at the hour
of feasting in* honor of the bride, and
drinking to her health and happiness,
there was feasting elsewhere in her
honor, and her health and happiness
toasted with deep sincerity.
With sweet Christian charity the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 22, 1904.
HOW A MILITARY POST
AFFECTS CIVIC
SOCIAL LIFE
20THE WEATHSB.
—— — — — ,
>r crccart male at San Traii
cisco fcr thirty hours eadiar
aUb&icfct Kiy £2:
C^.2 Tra-cisco aad vlciaity—
rv.ir Sundry; costiaued warm;
lig-iit Ecrt-i Y7i-ids. cliaaffia* to
A. Ch DICADIE.
Is trict rcrecattcr.
Continued on Tajc Si, Column 1.
MUKDEN, May 20.— The main body
of the ' Japanese forces, estimated at
Delay Enables 'Czar's Forces to
Strengthen Their Positions.
JAPANESE" NOT ADVANCING.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 21.— Tha
Minister cf the Interior announces that
a Blight disturbance has occurred at
Gori, province of Kutala,. Trana-
Caucasla. during which two Armen
ians were wounded by the police. Th*
rumors of serious disorders at Warsaw.
Lodz and Vilna are denied by the In
terlor Minister.
Special Cable to Th*» Call and New Torfc Her
ald Copyright. 1904, by th« New Torlc
IJUrald PubtUhlES Company.
Disturbances in Trans- Caucasia.
Warships Gathering at Hongkong.
WASHINGTON, May 21.— Rear Ad
i " al Cog^.;:-, commanding the Asiatic
squadron, arrived at Hongkong to-day
on his flagship, the "•.'isconsin, and will
be jo aed there in a day or two by other
vessels of his command. The battle
ship Oregon left Cavite yesterday, for
Hongkong. It is said at the Navy De
j rtment that there' is no political
EigniScance in ths assembling of the
United States warships in Chinese
waters at this time.
Military Trains Enter. Linoyang.
LIAOYANG, May 21.— Eleven mili
tary trains have come in here during
the past twenty-four hours. The Rus-
Bians* trouble Is rising by leaps and
bounds. The rains have stopped sud
denly and fine weather has set in.
e • ¦ * '
WASHINGTON, " May 21.— Edwin H.
Conger, .United States Minister to
China, will, if President Roosevelt is
re-elected, relinquish his post to Wil
liam Wbodvllle Rockhlll, chief of the
Bureau of American Republics. Rock
hlll la shaping his plans to go to
Peking. It is assumed that Conger
will be transferred to some other
post.
CONGER TO RETIRE IP
ROOSEVELT IS RE-ELECTED
SEATTLE, Wash.. May 21.— Steamer
navigation on the . Yukon, between
White Horse and Dawson, will open
June L Possibly boats may be run
ning a day or so earlier. This an
nouncement comes from the agents of
the steamship lines operating between
Seattle and Lynn CanaL The informa
tion Is based upon the reports made by
the White Pass and Yukon Railroad
officials at White Pass.
STEAMERS WILL RCX
ON* THE . YUKON" IN* JUN*B
. Turning to his nurse, he asked her
to assist him to the bathroom. He put
on his bath robe and slippers and locK*"
ed the door, behind him. The nurse
'.vaited' fifteen minutes on the outside.
Then she heard a pistol shot. She broke
open theV*Joor and found that Plant
had passed, from the bathroom to the
porch. There she found the banker
dead with a revolver in his hand. The
bullet had -"passed through fhe right
temple and out- of the left, flattening
itself upon the .wall.
J4 That PJant t had; contemplated suicide
for several. days' is\ evident from the,
tact that Jie;ih4d,^i6 H :dIfflculty, "t6-day
In procuring^ i^pistol-v Itis -said that'
he placed /.the %\veapon j In bath
roomi where it, was concealed, 'and. that
the receiver's report* had caused ihimUcP
hasten: the end: 7 -.."iV^'J^V-V-C** f'l^
; Plant is survived ' by >, a; widow and
nine children.,; He r was'-, proprietor of
I. C. Plants" Sons' Bank, V which was*
established "here half ' a ¦ce'ritury ago/
and was president of ' the- First Na
tional. Bank: He toldhis friends he 4id
not know of- his -financial •difficulties
until the Bank Examiner last • Satur
day demanded that $100,000 represent
ed by a due oill be paid to the National
Bank. 'When this amount was taken
from the private bank it exhausted the
funds" of the latter.
Plant had been ill for two months,
during which time he saw the collapse
of his financial Institutions. As one
failure followed another, he told his
nurse that he wished death would
come to end his troubles. When he
learned, that hundreds of small cred
itors had been made destitute by his
failure, he, declared that the wall of
distress. wrung his heart.
Although his physicians warned him
against listening to the criticism heard
on all sides, the banker persisted in
knowing the whole truth. He learned
to-day that the receiver had announced
that his liabilities were JSOO.OOO. The
figures became fixed In his mind as he
tossed about In his bed. That was the
amount, of his life insurance.
MACON, Ga., May 2L— Believing, that
ho was worth more to his creditors
dead than living, Robert H. Plant,
president of the First National .Bank
and owner of the L C. Plant's Sons'
Bank, both recently placed In^jthe
hands of receivers, arose from a sick
bed and committed suicide by shooting
himself through the temple. By his
act $800,000 carried as life Insurance
may be distributed between his' wife
and his creditors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
": •£ouia \\ C "Ritchie/; the" groom. Is a
clerk Uh'; v the office of* the Coast and
GeodetiQ^Sjurvey in this city.
* ROME. May 21.— Cardinal Satolli. as
prefectTof^the Congregation of Studies,:
was- received hTi the f usual, fortnightly,
audience by ': the j Pope to-day, and took
thV- opportunity- to""- pay : farewell. re-J
spects to* the Pontiff. before leaving for
America.' , The Pope cordially
him a pleasant journey and, gave the
cardinal the-Vapostollc benediction.' Sa-;
tolli presented to the Pontiff a mqdel
of a monument to t!he 'ate' Pope 'Leo
by Professor Luzi. It will be erected in
the Church of St. John Lateran. "The
model was left in the Pope's apartment
to be examined by other members of
the sacred college, — • . Cv ¦ • ••
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, May - 21. — Cardinal
SatollI, who will arrive in America
next \ month, comes ostensibly to at
tend the World's Fair at St, Louis and
to > perform a marriage "ceremony for
the daughter of a friend. But it Is
presumed by prominent Catholics here
that he comes also as* the direct rep
resentative of the Pope to look over
Catholic affairs in America in per
son • with a view to establishing an
other Cardinal, in this country.
The church authorities j in Rome
have long had another American Car
dinal In view, but a considerable
number of the higher officials at Rome
have been opposed to the plan.- The
Pope, Jiowever, who has long favored
it, is still said to be firm in his opinion
that another -Cardinal should be ap
pointed for America. as the colleague
for Cardinal Gibbons. Archbishop
Ryan of Philadelphia has been promi
nently mentioned for the new Car
dinalate, and the fact that Cardinal
Satolli will go at once to Philadelphia
on his arrivel and spend some time
with the Archlbshop has caused, a re
newal of rumors regarding his possible
appointment.
Cardinal Satolli will officiate at, the
Ritchie-Maloney wedding at Spring
Lake, N. J., on June 2. The Maloneys
of Philadelphia, of which family the
Is a member, have long
'been friends of Cardinal Satolli and he
will visit thern^ af. their Philadelphia
home previous to .the wedding. The
marriage will take piece at the sum
mer home 'of k the^blrde's parents at
Spring 'Lake,* N..J.,y'and,'- besides Car
dinal Satolli, ArcliBWiop Ryan will
participate in the ceremony. The mar
riage will take place in a chapel built
near the Maloney summer .home In
memory .o^ a daughter., who died at
sea while returning' from' a European
.visits ."..-, ¦. :¦;-*.':' ¦/¦--': • ".
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, May 21.— All of the
delegates to the Republican National
Convention, which will meet in Chi
cago at noon on Tuesday, June 21,
have been elected. This was the last
day on which they could be chosen un
der the terms of the call. It is doubt
ful if a dissenting vote will be cast
against the nomination of Mr. Roose
velt. The convention will consist of
I*5S delegates. Of this number. 70S are
under instructions to vote for the Pres
ident, and /of the remaining 2S0 a large
number are believed to have been in-:
Etructed, though this fact has not been
published In the press reports. A re
markable fact is that, so far as known,
not a delegate who has been elected
has been instructed for any other can
didate.
The States and Territories which
have solid delegations under instruc
tions to vote for the President are:
Alabama ........22 Montana 8
Alaska 4 Nevada 6
Arizona 6 New Mexico ..... 6
Colorado 10 North Dakota... i>
Delaware ........ 6 Oklahoma 6
Florida C Oregon 3
Hawaii 6- South. Dakota.... -8
Idaho 6, South Carolina.. .18
Indian Territory. 6JUtah .... 8
Iowa 2SjVermont S
Maine 12 j Washington 10
Maryland 16 (Wyoming c
Mississippi .201
The present week has (brought the
first real worry regarding the probable
outcome* of the campaign in the Mid-,
die West to the President's advisers.
This came about through the bitter
contest In the Illinois State Convention
over the Governorship, resulting In a
deadlock and an adjournment until
May 31 without a nomination, and the
factional struggle in Wisconsin, re
sulting in a bolt and the nomination
of two State tickets. Wisconsin gave
McKinley more than 100,000 plurality
both time3 he ran. It gave Governor
La Follette more than 17,000 .plurality
over Rose in 1902,. and even then the
factional fight, which has since grown
into a great conflagration, was burn
ing fiercely.
In Illinois the convention, after bal
loting, fruitlessly for seven days, de
clared a truce and adjourned for a ten
days' rest." Efforts are now being
made, to arrive at a compromise. 'It is
"believed that If any one of the three
candidates gets the nomination there
will be a bolt by the friends of the
other two and a second and possibly
a third Republican State ticket in the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Know.- well. Perdlcaris; also Balss
ouli. If matters not satisfactory before
arrival will arrange- friendly meeting
-without friction..- Am- leaving In tha
morning for Gibraltar."
' Langerxnan's relations with the Sul
tan are very Intimate, . and there Is
reason .to- believe that he may be able
to accomplish something toward ob
'taining the release of Perdlcaris. If that
-has not J been accomplished through-
Consul General' Gummere's efforts.
Special- Commissioner of Morocco* a
Sultan Sends an Encouraging
.Message.
* WASHINGTON. May ZL — A cable
gram .was .at the- Stata De
partment to-day, addressed to Actias
Secretary Loomls, by. J.' "W. S. Lander
man, the' special commissioner of ths
Sultan of. Morocco recently in Wash
ington, but now in London on his re
turn to -lorocco. .The message was a-s
follows:
>IAY EFFECT THE RELEASE
OF KID.VAPED AMERICAN
Pius X Eager to Increase
America's Representation
in Sacred College.
President's Name Will Be
the Only One Presented
lor ttie Nomination.
Kills Himself in Order. That
Depositors May Receive
His Insurance. .
80.000 men, remains south of the Rus
sian troops, who are covering Llao
yang. They apparently have suspend
ed their advance. This inaction causes
surprise and some satisfaction, as
every day's postponement of a decisive
engagement is considered favorable for
the Russians, who are daily Increasing
their forces and are enabled by the
delay to strengthen their positions. It
is supposed that the recent rains ham
pered the movement of the Japanesa
artillery and compelled a temporary
halt. The Russians still hold the rail
road at Tchikau.
"There are no Japanese along' the
banks of the lower Tayung River to
ward Luarimlao and Talenka. Taku
shan and Khondoukhan are occupied
by small detachments, not exceeding in
either case a half company. ¦•' '•• -' •
"According to Chinese reports,- the
Japanese are transporting provisions to
the Islands of Daloudao, near the
mouth ' of the Taning River. Shitou
chen, in the valley of the AI River, is
still occupied by the Japanese." . • .•
The Czar has received the . following
dispatch from General Kuropatkin, un
der date of May 20:
"The reconnoissances of May 19 fail
ed to show any sign of the enemy In
the valleys of the Sedzyk River and
of the ¦y.nziaff River, a tributary, as
far as the village of Deojouteidzkou,
on the main road from Sluyen to Feng
wangcheng. A detachment' of the Jap
anese vanguard, numbering 300 men.
occupied the village of Deopudza on the
same road. A Japanese battalion was
posted five miles beyond Siaskhuanki,
and at least a division, including guard
regiments, was stationed five kilome
tres further on toward Khabalin.
"A body of Cossacks on May 19
encountered "three troops of Japanese
cavalry near -the village of Pypouza,
eleven miles southwest of Fengwang
cheng. The Cossacks attacked arid
pursued the "¦ Japanese to Pypouza,
where they encountered some Japanese
infantry, who- had prepared an ambush
which, however, .was; discovered In
time. The Cossacks lost two men
wounded, one horse killed and ¦ two
horses wounded. \ - - :
- "No trace of the enemy was found In
the mountains between Kaichou and
Sinyen."
"Reconnoissances by our infantry and
cavalry show that Japanese guards
and cavalry, are operating in the valley
of the Logogouk River and along the
Fengwangcheng road.
ST. PETERSBURG, May - 2L— The
C :neral Staff has received the following
from Lieutenant General Sukaroff un
der date of to-day:
"During the last few days our caval
ry has discovered movements of Japan
ese detachments on the Llaoyang main
road northeast of Fengwangcheng, to
'.ward Chanlntse and beyond. Alto
gether more than a regiment has
passed In that direction, with artillery-
On /the main road from Liaoyang to-
Salin jan are, a battalion of artillery and
a regiment of cavalry, their advance
guards being In the pass of Changsalln.
To the ~ northwest Japanese patrols
have penetrated as far as the village of
Chinchinsa, thirty miles from Feng
wangcheng. The horses of the cavalry
and the Japanese guards and the In
fantry of the line are much exhausted.
"A detachment of Japanese, consist
ing of a two squadrons of horses ¦' arid
three companies of infantry, appeared
In the village* of Zadtaputse, in the val
ley-of the Lbgogouk ¦ River, 11 miles
northeast of Salitszipudza, and a
squadron of • Japanese cavalry ad
vanced from Siaskwankhs by the high
road toward Saltiszipudza. ' *.
Prelate's Visit May
-yleanCreatidn-oIt
Cardinal. W&
AH" Delegatfe to GM-
I cago Convention >
Chosen.
President of Col
lapsed $#&:. : .
? Suicide.
The loss of the Japanese warships is
felt keenly here. No flags are flying
in this city and, the nightly lantern
parades have been abandoned. Ameri
can nurses will go to '*••» Heroshlma
Receiving Hospital on the 25th instant.
TOKIO. May 2L— It is : bsolutely cer
tain that the battleship Hatsuse was
sunk by a Russian mine ten miles off
the coast. The position of these mines
! makes navigation dangerous for
! neutral vessels, and a protest from for
eign governments is expected.
I Explosives Placed by Port Arthur's
Defenders Endanger Shipping.
JONES FAR OUT AT SEA.
Russians Driven Back in the Direction
of Neivchwang. • -
TOKIO, May 21.— Although it has not
been officially reported. It Is said on
good authority that the Japanese forces
have captured Kaichou, driving the
Russians back to Tashichi, in the direc
! tion of Newchwang, and preventing the
j advance of the Russian troops at New
chwang In the direction of Kaichou.
The bombardment by the Japanese
of the vicinity of Kaichou recently was
probably In preparation for the landing
I of forces in the northwest corner of
j the Llaotung Peninsula for the pur
j pose of capturing Newchwang and co
/ operating with their -other armies In
I the march on Liaoyang. Probably a
j small. Japanese force has been landed
at Kinchou Bay. Takoshan, where
Japanese forces were landed on May
19, is' at the mouth of the Tayang
River, west of the Yalu.
JAPANESE HOLD KAICHOU.
1 kept afloat and was eventually iost, as
la heavy- gale was blowing. In- any.
Pevent, it is; said that ./at . least .two
j months in dock will be required to re
j pair the damage done to the vessel re
ferred to.
Satisfaction Is expressed at the ex
cellent condition of all the torpedo-boat
destroyers, as shown by the report that
sixteen of these boats went out in the
attempt to destroy other Japanese
ships. The haste with which the Rus
sian protected cruiser Novik put to
sea to support the smaller craft is
pointed to by the authorities as show
ing that not only is the harbor entrance
clear, but that Admiral Wittsoeft is
convinced that he has taken up all the
mines laid by the Japanese. A report
from Wittsoeft some days ago an
nounced that he had exploded three
Japanese mines.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 21.— The
Government to-day received 'newe con
firmatory of the rumors In circulation
_here that General Stoessel has made a
successful fcortie frcm Port Arthur, re
. suiting in the defeat of the Japanese,
with the loss of more than 1000 killed
or wounded. The /Russian losses were
115 killed or •wounded.
. The movement was carried out by a
combination with a train bringing in
.war munitions and supplies and Gen
eral Stoessel's force, communication
being maintained by wireless telegra
phy. The Japanese barred the route
between the train .and General Stoes
eel's force, whereupon the Russians at
tacked and routed the Japanese. After
the engagement General Sloessel's
force, together with the train, returned
to Port Arthur.
. General Stoessel, it is said, made a
new distribution of his guns before
taking part In the sortie. The Russian
,«.rocps fought with great bravery,
breaking the Japanese line and carry
ing the enemy u. considerable distance.
The general staff has received a mes
sage from General Stoessel giving his
account of the fight north of Kinchou
on Monday last. Three Russian regi
ments were attacked by two Japanese
divisions, with four batteries of artil
lery. The Russians lost 160 men in
killed or wounded. Including an ofScer
killed and Brigadier General Nadein
slightly wounded. The Japanese losses
are not known, but it is believed they
were heavy. The enemy's advance on
Kinchou was arrested.
The general Ftaff ascertains that this
attack on the Russian troops was ar
ranged to take place simultaneously
with a landing of Japanese troops in
Kerr Bay. which was unsuccessful
owing to a number of Russian mines
there. The general staff expects to
hear of another stubborn fight at Kin
.chou. The landing of a Japanese force
to Caiik Kinchou will be exceedingly
• difficult, and the waters of Talienwan
• liay are too shallow to permit a de
barkation of troops.
The general staff says the whole re
gion northwest ' of Yengwangcheng Is
clear of Japanese and that reinforce
ments are daily arriving at Llaoyang.
The statement from Newchwang that
• there Is telegraphic communication be
tween that town and Port Arthur is
cot believed by the general staff to be
correct. All messages from Port Ar
"thur are brought north by runners.
Details of Rear Admiral Wittsoeft's
» mall dispatch to Viceroy Alexieff
(transmited by telegraph to-day to
High Admiral Grand ' Duke Alexis),
.which was not made public, establish
the fact that* mines planted by the
Russian ton>ecto-Doa.ts were responsible
for the destruction of the Hatsnse and
the damastr sustained by other battle
ships of ihc Fuji tyne off Port Arthur.
It Is said that no submarine boats were
sent out of Port Arthur. The suppres
sion of the statement regarding the
mines was due to the fact that it ex
plained vvhti e they were located. A
number cf unesr»loded mines lie in the
tii!:.'- vicinity, and it is not deemed
wise to describe their position. Each
mine contained seventy-four pounds of
gTincotton.
The Admiralty thinks It highly prob
able that it was a battleship of the Fuji
type which struck a nine, but that Bhe;
Japanese Again Advancing From
Fengwangcheng to Attack
Slavs at Liaoyang*
Port Arthur Garrison in Brilliant
Sortie Routs Force of Be
sieging Japanese*
POPE SENDS
SATOLLI AS
HIS AGENT
ROOSEVELT
IS WITHOUT
OPPOSITION
ENDS LIFE
TO BENEFIT
CREDITORS
BIRDSEYE VIEW OF THE THEATER OF WAIt FROM PORT ARTHUR TO TILE YALU RIVER.
PARIS, May 22. — The Petit Journal's St. Petersburg correspondent reports that an attempt was made to wreck the train bearing
the Czar on- his tour to Kremenzug station. The pilot train which preceded that of the Czars was derailed and several persons
were killed or injured. V
ATTEMPT IS MADE TO WRECK TRAIN BEARING CZAR NICHOLAS
ON HIS TOUR THROUGH THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS OF RUSSIA
s THE T2EATEBS.
Alcazar— "Coliaette."
Califorai»— r "Wa«a W« W«r»
Twenty-One.™
Central— "Sows *y the Sea."
Matiace To-Day.
Chutes — VauaeTille.
Grand — "Fedora." Matinee To-
Bay.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "A Runaway Girl. 1 *
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY- 22, 1904— PAGES 21 TO 34.
VOLUME XCV— XO. 174.
The San Francisco Call.SANTA ROSA, May 21. — Mrs. Eliza
beth Johnson, a well-known pioneer
woman, died here to-night after a long
Illness. She was 67 years old and the
mother of State Controller E. P. Col
gaa
State Controller's Mother Dead.
NEW YORK, May 2L— The following
Californians are in New York:
F. m San Fran cieco-^-W. T. Darnett
at the Wellington, Miss Dillon at the
Holland, R. E. Miller at ..he Imperial,
Mrs. E. Simon at the Savoy, E. Tanner
at the Grenoble, F. N. Woods Jr. and
Mrs. L. G. Woods at the Grand Union,
lilrs. H. Ca-Mslc at the Metropolitan,
J. L. Cobb at the Broadway Central
and J. W. Young and wife at the Hol
land.
From San Diego— R. Choate and wife
at the Vendome.
From Los -™.ngeles— W. Petchner at
the Broadway Central, Mrs. J. A.
Sepulveda and Mrs. J. R. Taylor at
the Grand, I* C. Woelz at the Marl
borough, J. F. Kantz at the Herald
Square and W. E. Waddell at the Park
Avenue.
Californlans In New York.
Twelfth Man Holds Out for Acquittal
in the Bakcj-sflcld Murder
5 Trial.
BAKERSFIELD, . May- 21. — After
being out thirty hours the jury in the
Jennie Castro murder case was un
able to agree and Judge Bennett dis
charged it. Shortly after going out
yesterday afternoon eleven of the
twelve men had agree that the pris
oner was guilty. The other Juror held
out- for acquittal. This is the second
trial, the former jury disagreeing.
Jennie Castro is charged with kill
ing her husband in the Palace dance
hall here. last fall.
JURY AGAIN DISAGREES
IX JEXNIE CASTRO CASE
Methodist Protestants to Confer With
Methodist Episcopalians.
•WASHINGTON. May 2L— At to-day's
session of the General Conference of
the Methodist Protestant Church, Rev.
Dr. F. T. Little of Baltimore submitted
a proposition for a union between the
Methodist Protestant and the Metho
dist Episcopal churches. The Metho
dist Episcopal General Conference at
Los Angelea recently referred this prop
osition to a committee.. The same dis
position of the matter was made to
day by the Methodist Protestant con
ference. The committee will consider
not only this proposition, but the pro
posed union between the , Methodist
Protestant denomination and the Con
gregationallsts and United Brethren.
CHURCHES MAY UNITE.
HONOLULU, May 21.— The steam
ship Siberia left here to-day for San
Francisco. She carries among her pas
sengers Governor Carter, who is going
to Washington and to Chicago to at
tend the Republican convention, to
which he " is a delegate, Arthur W.
Ferguson of "Washington, D. C, and a
party of fifty prominent Filipinos.
Secretary A. L. C. Atkinson wljl act
as Governor of the Territorv during
the absence of Carter.
Sails From Honolulu on the Steamship
' Siberia to Attend the National
Republican Convention.
GOVERNOR OF HAWAII
IS OX HIS WAY HERE
Police Destroy the Films.
"WASHINGTON, May 21. — Major
Sylvester, the superintendent of po
lice, to-day announced that he has had
destroyed all the 'films of the moving
pictures taken a day or two ago by
theatrical parties on the east front of
the Capitol building, when President
Roosevelt was Impersonated In the
act of helping a fictitious negro into
his carriage. The police authorities
say this closes the incident.
The polar bear will not wander very
far from the Ice oceans of the north.
The result is that his habitat is ex
tremely narrow, though it girdles the
world in the Arctic regions.
SANTA CRUZ. May 21. — Hugh
Coyle, an old settler, who for many
years resided at Glenwood, was found
dead this morning in his cabin. He
was a native of Ireland and 75 years
of age. Death was due to natural
causes.
Pioneer Dead In His Cabin.
OMAHA, Neb., May 21.— The town of
Bonesteel,. in Gregory County, S. D..
has grown In less than a month from a
village of 300 to a city of 3000. Bone
• steel is located at the edge of th©
Rosebud Reservation, which the Gov
! ernment is preparing to open to home
; stcaders. A large number of persons
already are going over the new terri
tory with locating parties and all have
headquarters in the new city.
Located on Edge of Rosebud Reser
vation, Its Population Increases
From 300 to 2000.
TOWN OP BOXESTEEL
GROWS UP IX A 3IOXTH
UKIAH, May 21.— Charles Wilson,
supervisor of the Mendocino State Hos
pital, was thrown from a wagon last
night and had his right leg broken near
the thigh. Wilson, in company with
several employes of the hospital, had
left In the afternoon for Navarre
River on a fishing trip. While going
down a grade the wagon brake broke
and the team became unmanageable.
All occupants were thrown from the
wagon. Wilson fell between the wheels
and was dragged several feet.
an Accident on a
Grade.
ASYLUM SUPERVISOR
THROWN FROM WAGOX
State Official Suffers Severe Injury in
Iron Workers Re-elect Schaefer.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 21.—Theo
dore Schaefer was re-elected president
of the Amalgamated Association of
Iron, Steel and Tin Workers at the an
nual convention to-day.
The preacher who is all blow deala sin
no blows. \
Rockwell gave the alarm and a doz
en men rushed into the yards to head
off the murderer. He fled up the
track toward the Puyallup River,
dodging the posse and officers and es
caped into the brush as night came on.
The police are looking for Frank
Pasquale, an Italian laborer. Pasquale
owed Gray a small sum of money, over
which there had been a slight dif
ficulty.
Gray was removed to St. Joseph's
Hospital, where he died without re
gaining consciousness. He had two
bullets in the brain. He was a so
licitor working for the Fidelity Mu
tual Aid Society of San Francisco.
Gray was a resident of Interbay,
Wash., where his mother and sister
reside. He was 27 years of age.
It develops that Pasquale called at
the insurance office yesterday and told
Gray that If he would go with him he
could get some insurance from some
Italians. They left the California
building, In which the office is located,
toegther about 7 o'clock last night.
Samuel H. Rockwell, a' 1 car sealer,
while In the freighthouse, heard a shot
and, looking out, saw a man a hun
9red feet away from the building
dragging the form of another man
from under one of the freight cars. As
he drew his victim from under the car
he swung a revolver In' the air and
dealt the wounded man a blow on the
head. A second later he dragged the
body of the man over an adjacent
track and fired a shot into the pros
trate form.
TACOMA, May 21. — The police are
continuing the hunt for the murderer
of Charles S. Gray, who was shot in
the freight yard of the Northern Pa
cific Railroad last night about 8
o'clock.
SAN MATEO, May 21.— After two
days of delving and pan-washing In
the ruins of his late home, which was
destroyed by fire last Thursday, T. R.
Turner has recovered the major part of
the valuable jewels which were lost in
the conflagration.
The panning operations were con
ducted by his friend, L. B. Doe, a
prominent miner, who is familiar with
the various processes of isolating pre
cious metals, with the result that over
$0000 worth of valuables have been re
covered. Among the souvenirs are va
rious specimens of gold and silver in
gots which melted in the fire. The
pearls and emeralds in Mrs. Turner's
collection of gems were lost, with vari
ous other ornaments, and there are still
thirty-two diamonds missing.
The insurance on the building and
furniture amounted to $6500, leaving a
net loss, exclusive of jewels, of about
$11,000. Mr. Turner has decided to re
build immediately a more stately and
commodious mansion than that which
was destroyed. The family is now re
siding in one of his cottages on Oak
street.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., May 21.— With his right
leg broken, John McDonald, a cowboy,
yesterday morning started to crawl
several miles to Oreana. the neares-t
settlement, and reached there last even
ing. The skin was worn from his hands,
but he was still gritty and satisfied in
having reached aid and saved his own
life.
There Is no physician at Oreana,
which is a small railroad station in the
eastern end of Nevada. Only a few sec
tion men are employed there. The crew
hastily put a handcar into commission
and brought McDonald to Lovelock,
where his Injuries were dressed. He ia
now resting easier and will recover.
McDonald is vaquero known over th«
State as "Reddy the Cowboy." While in
the hills early yesterday morning en
gaged in roundlng-ifp cattle his horse
became frightened, shied and in doing
so threw McDonald. As a result of the
fall the man's leg was fractured:
While he lay upon the ground power
less his horse ran away.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' . Eoecial Dispatch to The Call. 1 .
TACOMA^Wash.. May 21.-^6 line
up of settlers who" expect to make en
try on timber claims when the plats
are filed on June 7 has already com
menced in front of the land office door
at Lewiston, Idaho. More than twenty
persons have taken their stations there
prepared to stand a siege if necessary.
The land to be opened embraces the
township surrounding Pierce City and
includes • some fine timber. Last night
when a dozen prospective entrymen had
lined up it was decided to Issue num
bers to those In line and then leave one
or more men on guard to explain mat
ters to those who came later in the day.
This is being done and there are usual
ly few men standing In front of the
land office door. Several of the first
settlers were equipped with bedding
and. had made arrangements to have
their meals brought to them. It' is ex
pected that by the time the plats are
filed one hundred or more will be
lined up.
Settlers Gather at an Idaho
Reservation to Make a
Race to Secure Homesteads
Slayer of Solicitor in a Ta
coma Eailroad Yard Con
trives to Elude the Officers
Jewels Are Recovered From
Huins of the Turner
Residence in San Mateo
Xevada Cowboy With Broken
Leg 3Iakes Painful Jour
ney to Save His Life
LOS ANGELES, May 21.— When the
Methodist General Conference finished
its third week's labors at noon to-day
and adjourned until next Monday it
had elected eight Bishops, the number
recommended by the episcopacy com
mittee, and disposed of the majority of
the important rubjects that have come
up for consideration.
Ten days more remain in which to
complete its business. Subjects yet to
be passed upon are the election of four
additional missionary Bishops, the re
sult of the first ballot for which will
be anonunced Monday morning; the
election of General Conference officers
for the next quadrennlum; action upon
the important problems of denomina
tional and general interest, as follows:
Amusements, divorce, consolidation of
book concerns, polygamy, temperance
and the relation of capital and labor.
Dr. J. R. Day, chancellor of the Syra
cuse, N. Y., University, was the eighth
and last Bishop chosen. His election
was effected on the fourteenth ballot,
the eleventh, twelfth and thirteenth
being ineffectual. On the twelfth ballot
Dr. R. J. Cook of Tennessee, Dr. Day's
nearest competitor, withdrew from the
race, and from that time on Dr. Day
Increased his lead and finally was elect
ed on the fourteenth ballot by a vote
of 474 of the €96 ballots cast. Dr. W.
A- Quayle of Kansas City was the sec
ond highest candidate on the last bal
lot, receiving ISO votes.
NEW SrETHODIST BISHOPS.
The complete list of new Bishops,
chosen in the order named, is as fol
lows: Joseph F. Berry, Chicago; Henry
F. Epellmeyer, Newark, N. J.; William
F. McDowell, New York; James W.
Bashford, Delaware, Ohio: W. A. Burt,
Rome, Italy; Luther B. Wilson, Balti
more. Md.; Thomas B. Neely, Phlladel-
One of the features of to-day's ses
sion was the appearance of the . first
colored woman who ever addressed a
Methodist General Conference, Mrs.
Emma T. Strickland of Little Rock,
Ark., who made an eloquent plea for
representation of the colored race upon
the episcopal board. She presented res
olutions asking that the episcopacy
committee be Instructed to consider the
advisability of the election of a negro
Bishop. She was given respectful at
tention and her resolution was referred
to the committee on episcopacy.
The conference then proceeded to bal
lot for missionary Bishops. A ballot
was first taken for an additional mis
sionary Bishop for Africa, and* another
and separate one for two additional
missionary Bishops for Southern Asia.
The result of these ballots will be an
nounced next Monday morning. It Is
almost a foregone conclusion, in the
opinion of well-posted delegates, that
the Rev. A. P. Camphor of Monrovia,
Liberia, will be chosen for Africa, and
the Rev. W. F. Oldham of Chicago and
the Rev. J., E. Robinson, editor of the
Indian Witness, Calcutta, India, will be
the successful candidates for the two
places In Southern Asia. v-
The conference accepted an Invita
tion to visit Long Beach in a body this
afternoon, where. they were entertained
by the citizens of that city.
COLORED WOMAN SPEAKS.
phia, and J. R. Day, Syracuse, N. Y.
"With the exception of Bishops Berry,
Burt and Neely the newly elected mem
bers of the episcopal board are young
men, ranging between the ages of 42
and 48 years.
The conference to-day finally disposed
of the question as to whether the Meth
odist church would return to the rule
of limiting, the tenure of pastors by
adopting the majority report of the
committee on itinerancy. This report
recommends that no change be made
in the rule adopted four years ago,
which provides for an unlimited tenure.
A minority report from the committee
was offered providing for a time limit
of five years and giving the Bishops
certain discretionary powers in special
cases, but it was overwhelmingly de
feated.
AUBURN, May 2L— Recent dispatches
regarding changes made in salaries of
certain Government officials in interior
towns of the State have occasioned
considerable comment here. * It was
stated that the salary of the Postmas
ter in Auburn had been, reduced from
$2000 to 51700. . .''. ¦-
The explanation of this change is
found In the fact that about a year ago
the department at Washington estab
lished a second postofflce within the
city limits of Auburn to be known as
"East Auburn." The result of this ac
tion is that the gross receipts of the
Auburn postoffice were decreased about
one-fourth, which, of course, compels
the reduction of salary as stated.
Doubtless a computation of the receipts
of both offices would show a good,
healthy increase in the volume of busi
ness in this city. During the year past
cement sidewalks have been made, the
sewer system extended, large improve
ments are in progress on the Court
house square and many other evi
dences have been given of the con
tinued growth and increased vitality
of the city.
Reduction of Federal Official's Salary
Not Indicative of Decrease In
Receipts.
SECOND POSTOFFICE
SHARES AUBURN BUSINESS
CRAWLS MILES
FOR A SURGEON
POLICE SEARCH
FOR MURDERER
CROWD AWAITS
LAND OPENING
f PROMINENT CHTRCHMEN OF THE METHODIST EPISCOPAL DENOMINA- |
i TION WHO NOW ARE ENROLLED AMONG THE BISHOPS BY VOTE OF
i THE CONFERENCE BEING HELD IN LOS ANGELES.
ASHES YIELD
PRECIOUS GEMS
REDDING, May 21. — j The self -accused
firebug who burned the Terry Lumber
Company's yards In this city early yes
terday mornlns now occupies a cell, in
the County Jail and is awaiting either j
an examination for insanity or a com- j
plaint charging him with arson. i
Paul Frederick Clifford, aged 40 years, j
mounted the courthouse steps this
morning at 8 o'clock, walked, into the <
Sheriff's office, took off his cap and told j
Under Sheriff Behrens that he was the !
man who set fire to the Terry lumber!
yard. He wanted to be put in jail, and '
he was accommodated. He said the )
reason he burned the lumber yard was j
to attract the police to the north end ¦
of town so that he could rob the Bank j
of Northern California.
Clifford says he arrived in Redding
Wednesday night from Portland. He
had only $1 25 and needed money bad
ly. He was not particular about
working, so decided to do a little work
at burglary, which avocation he says
he has followed before with more or i
less success. Thursday Clifford spent in !
a survey of Reddlng's business center.'
He examined several stores, both of the j
banks and some saloons. He finally de- I
elded that he could do more profitable :
business at the Bank of Northern Call- j
fornia fnan anywhere else. • x
After deciding that the bank was the|
place for him to operate, Clifford set j
about to devise means of attracting ;
the attention of the police to another j
part of town, and while studying over j
these plans he hit upon the scheme that '
finally resulted in the destruction of j
about $20,000 worth of the Terry Lum- i
ber Company's property. After starting J
the fire, he says, he. ran up the track,!
fell in a ditch and lost his bag of tools, i
He could not find them, was crippled
and decided to give himself up. The
District Attorney will prosecute Clif
ford. /*
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
Mysterious Individual Visits
Courthouse and Explains
Reason for a Conflagration
BANK WAS IN DANGER
Man Who SayS He Destroyed
Bedding Property Makes
a Startling Confession
FIREBUG TELLS
OF HIS PLANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, MAY 22, 1904:
1
Delegates to the General Conference of the
Methodist Church at Los Angeles Dispose of.
the Majority of Important Religious Matters
CHANCELLOR DAY'S ELECTION
COMPLETES LIST OF BISHOPS
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eradicates it, cures all Its manifesta-
tions, and builds up the whole system. -
Accept no substitute.
Hood's Sarsapar ilia
Bunches. eruptions. Inflammations,
soreness of the eyelids and ears, diseases
of the bones, rickets, dyspepsia, catarrh,
wasting, are only some of the troubles it
causes.
It is a very active evil, making: havoc
of the whole system.
Get Rid
of Scrofula
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For cure of all disorders of Stomach. Liver.
Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Irregularities.
StckHeadache.BUiousness.Consttpatlon.Pllea and
all* derangements of Internal Viscera. 26c box.
At druggists" or by mall. Rad way & Co.,-N Y.
Purely vegetable, . mild and reliable. • Causes
perfect digestion, 'complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
Radway's
Pills
Anglo-Persian
rugs reduced
Rugs which measure nine by twelve feet
iin size and in patterns that are exact copies
of some of the most expensive Oriental
rugs made. \
You could hardly wish for a more beauti-
ful floorcovering for the living room, library
or dining room.
Regular sixty-five dollar value. Special \
See them in the display window.
• (Formerly the California Furniture Co.) i
261 to 281 Cjeary Street, at Union Square
AVOID DANGEROUS
OR
UNCERTAIN TREATMENT
DR. HOLSMAN
The Master Specialist for More
Than 17 Years
The Most Successful and Reliable Spe-
cialist in the West. Consultation
Free at Office or by Mail-
I MAKE NO MISLEADING STATE-'
MENTS or deceptive propositions to the
afflicted, neither do I' promise to cure
them IN A FEW DAYS In order to secure
their patronaee; but I guarantee a COM-
PLETE, SAFE AND LASTING CURE in
the QUICKEST POSSIBLE TIME without
leavln; injurious after effects . in the sys-
tem and at the lowest cost possible for
HONEST, SKILLFUL and SUCCESSFUL
TREATMENT. I cur©
NERVOUS DEBILITY
BLOOD POISON
YARICOCELE
STRICTURE
RECTAL, KIDNEY Disease
and all reflex complications aad asso-
ciate diseases and aff ectlom. . . -,'
If you cannot call, write for question
. Hat and free book describing my specialty.
Correspondence confidential.
C.K HOLSMAIM, M. D.
739 MAEKET ST. (Top Floor).
Hours— 0 to b daily; 0 to 12 Sundays. ,
DE. PIERCE'S BEKEDIES.
Reveele itielf in many wars. Some*
times tae imparities is the blood mark
sad «T"tr the skin with bSotchea, pimples,
boils or other eruptioss. Sometimes the
result of bad blood is
-Ci^i rheumatism or a debili-
Py* taled condition which i3
popularly described as
Mqt&LJ&bk "feeling played
Ejk gf-ggH _/a^ o* 1^ hardly able
re§«9~"^ "^&£&s to ra 2 myself
*ffl&$$*~QiVy44 Around."
JfKjJHbJ^j The impurities
«gflK$5rH and poisons which
fBt^'Isfl • corni p t tn « blood, clog
skin are removed by the
W^wB use of Doctor Pierce's
IS \ Ere Golden Medical Discor-
fjE / Egg ery. It does more than
Irani fi9 fkminate the poisons ; it
iitr^^sL. * ncrca9e9 tbe activity
@ °^ e blood-making
«H*i glands so that there is
* x an increased Btipply of
pure, body-bnilding blood. It brightens
the eyes, cleanses the skin, and gives
new, physical energy.
Accept no substitute for Dr. Pierce*a
Golden Medical Discovery.
"I thank God for the good yonr medicine*
bare dose me," write* Mr. James M. Sizemore.
of Mitchell, Lawrence Co., Ind., Box 901. "I
was not weQ for two years. My throat was
mlwavs sore, head ached, and bade ached nearly
all the time. My weight wu 155 pounds. I
was t&kea ekk with typhoid fever, aad'wben
the fever left me I bad such a pain in niy left
side I could not braothe without pain. I
thought I must die. My wife went to the
drcr store and procured a bottle of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discorery aad a vial of his
'Pleasant Pellets.' I discontinued the uke of
lay doctor's medicine and began with the
•Golden Medical Discovery* aad 1 Pellets.' 2 at
once beran to feel better : the pain soon left my
side and I could breathe with ease. In a week
orsol f ejt so rood I could not stay in the room.
X began to walk about the streets; I felt better
each morning. Ail er a month's ose of the medi-
cine I was well. That was over a year ago.'
Now 1 weigh 164 pounds and feel better than
«ver in mr life."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con*
ftipatioa.
T/l OT la #^h E\ /£& V{* ft ¥ I? 5 «v> « £ v
%& IE JH %J %i U X? & d & « 0*? °
r j £$3Sk e top coat is the. proper outer garment JlH^
illlilk or S P™& anc * summer wear— both for <^~^^^^h
JpRP;$ -. Long, heavy overcoats are too burden- ; ffeSf^
.^^^k^ . As the mornings are cool and the nights
v^g^lppl^.^ chilly an overcoat is a necessity in San /^^KJ^P^SK
:^^^^^^$B[ The top coat is the thing— light enough 0^^^m^&0M
I^Sl®vS¥^^^ to - be comfortable, heavy enough to give /!^^^^I^S^^^I\
W^^^^ : W7^^ We are showing top coats in some swell
' ' '^^M/$ J 'V&$w shades of tan for S8 50 1 SslwKSK^S^^'' :^'^^ -• : '^
life :y J&&8&K These garments are our "make. Add a :^l:V^
third to the price we ask and that's what you W^^^^tS^ ; v^ '1:3
p|^^^^^^K\ must pay in other stores which do not make
I l»l ; r their own goods. Why pay $12.J0 for a '^^^mm^M''i'M
' 1©vt '! Jif il|l ¦" coat that can be had here for $ 8 - 50 ?
Business suits in elegant spring patterns
H^]^^^^w \ " °^ a^ s h ac *es, single-breasted, latest cut,
ffi^S^K 1 \ concave shoulders, long, narrow lapels and WwM lliiil
pW^' close-fitting neck: SI 2.50 is their clothes li^^ WSm
P§ Si^ worn coat and vest, $2.25 to $4.00. . mWlif' Sill
(P^pi P^ill Order clothes by mail frames and commence saving money. ' $ffiM
fg| sbta^ fro* I* 740 Market Street &*P* sketched from Efe ,.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.Skrydloff Ordered to Vladivostok.
HARBIN,. May 21.— The expected
meeting of Vice Admiral Skrydloff and
Viceroy.' Alexleff has been postponed.
LONDON, May 21.— A dispatch to
the Japanese legation from Toklo says
Vice Admiral Togo has reported to
day as follows:
"The gunboat squadron and the tor
pedo-boat destroyers and torpedo-boat
flotillas approached Port Arthur yes
terday for the purpose of rec'onnofter-
Ing, which was successfuly effected
with little damage, in spite of a hot
crossfire from the forts. There were
no casualties on our side."
noiter ot Port Arthur.
Torpedo-Boats ami Destroyers Recon-
FLOTILLAS UNDER FIRE.
Suspects Will Be Released.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 21. — The
four Lascars recently arrested at Cron
stadt on British and German steam
ships on suspicion of being Japanese
spies, are being detained at St. Peters
burg in order, because they resemble
Japanese,- that they may be safely out
of: harm's way until their ships are
ready, to leave, when the prisoners
will be released and eent on board. One
of the men says he is a~ Filipino and
claims American protection. As soon
as he learned. of the arrests Embas
sador McCormick. who, is in charge of
the Japanese in" this country, made an
inquiry on the. subject and was in
formed that the men would be re
leased. . - - : ::-.:r : ,. -;:¦::
Price Paid by , Russia for Liners.
"BERLIN, May 21.— The Hamburg
correspondent of the'Boerson Courier
telegraphs that the Hamburg- Amer-
Ican'offlcials admit that Russia tried
to buy the steamship Deutschland, but
the price ' demanded . was . tocf high, " U»
CHEFU, May 21. — There is a rumor
Chinese Tell of n Battle.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 21. — The
expected ukase regarding the duty on
foreign goods was issued to-day. It
permits the importation of such goods
free of duty into the Government of
the Amur territory, through' ports
south of the Amur and further south,
as well as over the Manchurlan fron
tier, with the limitation that duty will
still be payable on goods subject to
duty in Russia. The duty on Russian
cotton products- imported into the
Amur territory will be remitted. The
new regulations become effective to
day.
Czar Issues Tariff Ukase.
There Is no telegraph communica
tion north of Gensan. The Consul
there believes that part of the force
which recently attacked Anju is re
treating from Ninyeng. It Is consid
ered possible that the Cossacks have
had a base at Kyongsong for weeks
past.
- The Gensan garrison, which consists
of a battalion infantry, will not take
the initiative, but will await an at
tack, which is not expected. -
The Japanese authorities are in
clined to ridicule the Russian move
ments on the east coast and wish for
the advance of a larger 1 column, mak
ing it worth while to cut it off. The
only sufferers, it is pointed out, are
the Koreans.
The main body of 3000 men is said
to be following the force which at
tacked Kankow.
SEOUL, May 21. — The Japanese
Consul at Gensan reports that the
first collision between Russian and
Korean troops has taken place at
Kankow (Hara-Heung), the recent
center of the Northern Tonghak dis
turbances. Cossacks attacked the so
called city castle at 7 o'clock in the
evening of May 19 and exchanged
shots for two hours with the Korean
garrison of 300 men, who lost one man
killed.. The Russians are supposed to
have retired toward the northwest.
Natives report that several of the Rus
sians were wounded.
Native Garrison Resists Cossack At
tack Upon Town of Kankow.
KOREAN TROOPS IN FIGHT.
NEWCHWANG, May 21. — The offi
cials have not received any further in
formation regarding the fighting
which resulted in the retreat of the
Japanese on Fengwangcheng, but
there is good authority for sa3'ing that
the Japanese movements in the direc
tion of Liaoyang-and Haicheng were
for the purpose of causing the Rus
sians in the vicinity to move north
ward, thus giving the Japanese an op
portunity to complete their prepara
tions to capture Port Arthur. When
the Japanese begin a determined
movement in this vicinity it will be
from Fengwangcheng and New
chwang. They figure that it does not
matter what may be the fate of the
Yalu army if they can continue to
control the sea and Port Arthur.
The Japanese are still fortifying the
hills on the neck of land between
Tallenwan and Kinchou bays. Many
rapid-fire guns protected by sandbags
have been mounted there with the ob
ject of resisting a sortie by the be
leaguered garrison.
A spy set fire to the woodwork of
the "water tank of the local railroad
station this afternoon. \ It is believed
this was part of a plot to damage the
railroad.
Around Port Arthur.
Japanese Build Line of Intrenchments
FORTIFYING THE HILLS.
among the Chinese here that a battle
was fought on the Llaotung Peninsula
to-day. It cannot be confirmed.
(in Kerr Bay) the Japanese torpedo
boat No. 48 was sunk on May 12 and
the Japanese cruiser Miyako on
May 15.
Eight women from 1129 Dupont
street were arrested last night and
charged with vagrancy. Captain Duke
and a posse of seven officers made the
arrests. Three warrants were issued
yesterday by Police Judges Mogan and
Cabaniss for the arrest of inmates of
the house. When the officers went to
Raid Dupont-Street House.
Wan News Continued on Page 24.
The admiral arrived here this morn
ing and found awaiting 1 him the Vice
roy's orders to proceed to Vladivostok
without going to Mukden. Admiral
Skrydloff is expected to return to Har
bin while a portion of his staff re
mains here to supervise the dispatch
of freight for warships of both squad
rons. The railroad is free of Chinese
bandits as far south as Mukden.
Conflicting Reports Leave the Fate of the Bogatyr
at Vladivostok in Doubt.
sum mentioned being: $3,000,000. The
price of the steamships sold to Russia
are said to be as follows: Auguste Vic
toria, about $1,500,000; Columbia and
Fuerst Bismarck, each $1,000,000;
Belgia, $750,000. It Is believed that
the Hamburg -American vessels will be
fitted out as auxiliary cruisers.
The Chinese report that many
bodies of Japanese sailors are coming
ashore at Tallenwan Bay, near which
LIAOTUNG, May 21. — Information
brought to headquarters indicates that
the Japanese troops are suffering from
a terrible epidemic of beriberi, due to
the quality of rice they are eating.
The Japanese have abandoned the
attempt to float the Russian cruiser
Variag:, sunk off Chemulpo, Korea, at
the outbreak of the war. > '¦';: ' : ~
Brown Soldiers Assailed by an Epi
demic of Beriberi.
DISEASE RAVAGES ARMY.
TOKIO, March 21. — The Japanese
force which landed at Takushan on
Thursday surrounded and routed a
force of Russian cavalry at 7 o'clock
on Friday evening in the neighbor
hood of Wangcheitung. seven mile*
north of Takushan. The Russian
force, which consisted of about one
squadron, lost many men killed or
wounded, as well as a captain, who
was captured. The Japanese sus
tained no losses. '
Surrounded and Routed With Heavy
Los* Near Takuslian.
RISSIAX CAVALRY ENTRAPPED.
BT. PETERSBURG, May 21.—Re
. fJCfts v.hich lack confirmation arc in
circulation h^re that the Russian
cruiser Orel while on her way to Kron-
Btadt to receive nor armament sus
" tained damage which rendered it difti
•cult to keep her afloat. The Orel, which
ir a new vessel, went aground in the
Neva recently, but was refloated.
In soite of the continued denials from
the Admiralty here, reports emanating
.from Russian sources are persistently
circulating that the Russian protected
cruiser Bogatyr is on the rocks near
•Vladivostok. Her exact position is not
xevealed. and Rear Admiral Tesren.
according to the reports. Is making de
termined efforts to save her, with what
is considered to be a good chance of
* success. It is known positively that
the Bogatyr has not been blown ud. no
necessity for such action having yet
arisen, it is believed to be likely, how- i
ever-, that the Japanese will make an
.attempt to stop the salvage operations, j
There is a large dock at Valadivostok, j
antf if the Boratyr can be placed there
in the necessary repairs will be made
rrithout difficulty.
The Bogatyr is a fine modern cruiser
• of €750 tons displacement and 20,300 nor
.mal horser»ower. She was built at the
Vulcan Works. Stettin. Germany, was
completed In 1S02, is 416*; feet long, ha?
C 54!£ feet beam and draws 20*i feet of
' v.ater. The armament of the Bogatyr
.consists of twelve six-inch guns, twelve
three-inch grins, six 1.8-inch guns, two
lAAnth guns and two smaller rapid-flre
guns, fhe has six torpedo tubes. Her
a;morcd deck Js two "inches thick and
she has five inches of nickel-steel armor
.over her gun positions. The speed of
the Eogatyr !s estimated to be more
than twenty-three knots. She can carry
1100 tons of. coal and her crew num
bers 3W) men.
LONDON, May 21.— A dispatch to the
St. James (Jazette from Kobe, Japan,
dated to-day, after reiterating the re
port of the stranding of the Russian
protected cruiser Bogatyr on the rocks
near the entrance to Vladivostok adds
that the Bogatyr subsequently was
blown up by the Russians* to prevent
her falling into the hands of the Jap
anese.
NEW RUSSIAN CRUISER OREL IS DISABLED WHILE EN ROUTE TO KRONSTADT
serve the warrants two of therwomen
got away. The others were arrested
for offenses committed in the pres
ence of the arresting 1 posse.
The United States sells annually in
the countries now In the war $49,970,000
and buys from them $72,320,000.
THP: SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. , MAY 22, 1904.
23
ADVXKTISEMEifTS.
BIH3IIEBBBIIIIIHIIBIBIilIliBl|||||||||||||B
i RUPTURE |
B San I-rancisco, Cal., April 24, 1904. S
¦ This is only a sample of our results: , -iiB
q To whom it may concern : SS
a This is to certify that I was a victim of Inguinal Her- ¦
¦ nia, and after wearing a torturing truss I concluded to try B
u the "Fidelity Rupture Cure." After eight treaiments I was |
g dismissed as cured, and have not worn the truss since the last ¦
a treatment, which was two years ago, and I have not felt the \
a slightest effect since. I consider this treatment one of the ¦
q| greatest boons to mankind yet discovered, and do hereby rec- j
¦ ommend this treatment to all 'who may be suffering from I
5 Hernia. .W.D.EVANS. g
n 1319 Octavia street, San Francisco; Cal. g
J|" Call and see us. . a
g FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE S
g 1344 Market SL, San Francisco S
BOfiBQBDIIBBBBEBIBEDBIBBBBIEKBBBHEBBBIBEiaHHHBBB
1 here are ginger worms ant
red-pepper bugs— rqueer boarc 1
ers— that have to be lookcv
for, not in Schilling's Best, bu
in making it. There are egg:
of these queer ; boarders, toe
small to*be killed by grinding
Don't keep spices warni, 6-
they'll -hatch. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"When I first purchased Herpicide, I
thought. like the majority of hair
preparations, it would prove a fake. I
am happy to state that, on the contrary,
it is all, and even more, than you claim
for it. Quite a number of barbers
throughout the section in which I travel
havo called attention to the new hair
sprouting out on my scalp, and inquired
of me what I had been using. I tell
them 'Herpicide'; also give . them your
name and address." Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps for
sample to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit.
Mich.
Alf R. Kelly, residing at 2195 Devls-
adero st.. San Francisco, Cal., writes the
following:
Unsolicited Testimonials Tell of Its Su-
periority.
HERPICIDE NOT A FAKE.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THEIR INTERRUPTED
FLIGHT.
A story of exceptional heart In-
terest with a strange begin-
ning* but a far more
unexpected ending.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
When Sickness Conies to the ! _>-^* % * *&:'"_> -^ — \. Z^.^ 1 "'.--- JN> e 00^^ 0000000^? 0^ -^ " 'V^"_^l P a p ? ? Pe-m-na Should be Kept in
Peruna : s r.ot a physic. Pfmr.a is r.ot \Jj ' ** ' *\\ **^rv^. • <*/ •^->Jf'''j[ ~ Yj^S^S^VvJS^. ••••••••• mo of chronio catarrh, which I sufifsrsd with from infancy. ? Irs s M^ie^^toujrhton Wis vrit-***
a r.crv-lne nor a narrotk- Peruna does K^ MPS T?TftF<vA POOKF i-V V* //' y 4^f^OTc\O t "When ny thr«« olulapeB were lorn they lU had eatarrh. -but I haTB t ' "When my baby. Evelyn, was quite
T P rodL ' c < any drus habit, however long 1» i il^-*-> I .1 1 1 V L-i u> Jl iLW^yxvLj/ f) /^^ / // * x - ' * ¦ ' \\ vv^sJr • iv r, j * 1 -j. <*• • • -n- .1 ,,,. , ? ,.„,,„„ T »,^»i,,^ »\-,f «,!,« »,-. 1 ,., bfrl ,
• • b« ta^ei Peruna is not a stimu- P\ T^Tr>TWirr> * /Tcm Ts f £r . • \_ I //£ > ' - - v\\\\V^i * given then Peruna and find it vary effective m ridding then of tbs hor- ? >°'Jn? I noticed that she had catarrh.
~"~ "^ l\\ •nUinLtlANDUllLD, //> /A ' 1 rible trouble. I find that it is also good to rive them as a tonic and a !! This worried me so much that Mook her
rvruna i« s sp-ciSe remedy for all ra- lilCPjU U JA r\," 771 //A' ' '• : tV^ tV// * AW I ««««">• iiiiiu urn, i u.jiw grou id gjy« uwia « a w^ iuu » j to a doctor and he prescribed for her.
• rrha! :iilmcnta of winter and summer. I \ \LjO llnSuldDO ./WC\.Vj21CclQO / 111. /^//A. V> V''/*"' > V'< > \\ I //" * j r "~^ \W\ I I preventatlVS Of COlQS and COJIC- * She se-med to set better, but the relief
over the United St te I i P e+ - C^,^____ _^ - \ [///' - AW I f "In fact. I consider it a hoQ33htld tlessing. I wculd not know how 4 was only temporary, as I noticed that
•-'• the best friends 'that Pcr"r.a has a " (JJ \^^^K^=^^J£l -~** ~^ZhM\y:\ flHP^&^te'llWI ? raise my children without it- I am pleased to give it ny reconnenda- J J"^ S^ X c ' Ad she contracted sh9
The >f<.;h«-r- Hold lV-ru-na in Hipli ......-- 111/ V-lt- - ? on '"~^ rs me^ a Sailer- ? "j h a( j U3ed p e runa myself some time
. ' Mrs. Thresa Rooke. 258 X. Ashland Ave.. Chicago, 111., Treasurer! Iff* __ '¦ \jBa^r^^l.<>'l\'W*^ 1 1 elded to pive it to'her feeling sure that
h ¦ '' ' " : ' : ""< ''' cured th-?m of ? Lad-ies of the Maccabees. v.-r!tc?: J II If x '~ ' B^r--. * < - wWBI?BBo^^i£^ I T Mr - Peter c - Herr. Bluff- Mr. Edward Otto, 927 De Soto Street. there was nothing In It thit could in-
»iws y! .™!l« a thrc B hildre n b from Se thi • " In our hone Ferura ;s the only nedic ; ne we have. Grandmother,* ll/uSHS&jSIS^^i, «BB^^^s' * I ton. O.. writes: "We take St. Paul. Minn., writes: "I cannot say jure her . i gave her two bottles, which
throws a:,d crasp of /-a tarrhal diseases. • Eo ta£r fathsr end child, all have US?dPenisa. It is our rreit remedy fcri 1 Hv >i- %&*& - ' ' \\ Jhe pleasure to write you enough for Peruna. It has done great was all that was neces3 for it cured
V.v have in our files bushels of teVti- *^—\ -^wi.r iaa cai.u, aa " e usju reru-a wur fcic.u nuwuj Mf 1 I WSSmM^ *? " ' : I I tlmt our tt ve ->'ear-old son is work in my family, especially for my her l am gIad r took hold of thi3 t . 011 .
mor.is:- from, mothers whose rhiMr-i i ? catarrj of t:e stonacii and head, colds and female complaints of which it his ? I h'££tV »T->. ?-. tv*) =LI well. It is safe to say that oldest boy. We had doctored with three hp while ?h<. w^ vr™^ 9 t,<i hoftirp tf
-.' -.¦:.-/ majorit^f mothers ""h^uTe I™* t I 8BlHOlt^fiP . .' C ''4 °T^ H ° l°°* f0Ur Or f ° Ur different doctors and the y did had secured too strong a hold on her
PwiiM.%-e wvw h«r frm i " We fisd it of great value whsa ny husband becanee worn out cr ? I -WW^l^^ &$ " -I bottles of Peruna. \\e thank not seem to do him any good. We gave systPm . 1 keep It on hand now and give
:: • u- .• hear from a prmt number ? catches cold A C3sp!e of doses cure him. \\ I WBE&^&fM «* S'-JBffifcb' $ I ??", Very UCh L , f ° r .. y °, Ur UP h ° peS ° f CUre> and SO dld they ' but her a few doses whenever she takes a
: .--. th< rs w-i are so overjoyed .it snm.» ! • ,, T » vvtvi- it 5- 5 3 j. 1 1 '¦ «8K*i^'< * f> i ' ' * j." \- kindness and advice. — Mr. wo pulled him through on Peruna. He rn i r > -, n ,i t f a :r,- av <j tTkf>« *>(T.-. ( f a^rt '-a-..-.-
if ¦;¦?; f;.-; : .:'•;? .]¦;:*. [{¦'¦'"¦J J ' C? m disorders, a d0S3 Or two cures ? |HIb8BR~* ** A Peter C - » err - seems perfectly well; eats well and ner wel f in dSong !"-Mrs 1!^ Mifes
ih^e S bfn^fits T i-tth a o7her n^o J tL t r°s. Share i t " "I corside: Pemna finer than any doctor's mscicine that I have ever ( 11 *^ij3$Sb~ \ ' v^ Htlilflll Dawson. Ga.fwriSs: We^had Several doctors^nd they said Y^ K^'^f°^l^ -p/nfna his
'Th.R.rnf.run.i., ,1 n IM ,.. i ? tried, and I know that as long as we hive it in the house, We will all b« able t I " : ' SHHHRI December we had a little they could do no more for him so we blessing to my home. It has kept
j hi- jit 1 o,, t \\ 'iuj. ih«- < liiJdn n o» the j * * v* : ; 1 v- " Th'p- R ' ! If ' \ I y months old afflict- tried I'eruini as a last resort, and that s » c t neas o , lt a ,i we . rc to _da - • h-> •>•/
. I'tiu'i! <t.u«^ Have JJocvived IVoni I ? "^ . " go*a fleaua inresa aOOJtfl- t |J^ t '^^^SSBB^^^^^JbBBSkBuW ~* cd with eczema - After try- did the work. Since then we keep it in . we j. f am jj y thanks toPeru Mv
Into \\<>rvl«. Mrs. John Holl ings worth, Prescott, J Mr. G. H. Farmer, New Mar- |i*>IIa, v- * ~ yBnBBMm&p0jE0jj^BS8£& S II I from doctors we commenced required. When we feel a cold coming on throush Peruna aid this showed us its
.the s^ri^fh^miga^ wHl '^eV^ tify 'toTlieValue 'of Por^nV^a house- ¦ "Our little son, Harry, is well |ijfe< ' SH^ffi^^^^^^^HI Y did. so every, particle of next day it Js gone It has done won- """am the mother of six boys, an i
. ¦ f i!lj recorded ;.,,].] rem edy My husband has u^od it and health y now and >ve tf " n/c \]iEg&< ?" ' £ ffisSiggga it : : ?> :^aaHB^ai | hair came out. and his scalp derful worK 111 my family. I recommend whenever any ot the family 13 sick witii
it :-.' .'<¦-'; < : !< much can b^ said that , ,j 1 , , , _, ... . if we do as you directed us, he 1 1 MBS? . - - - 4gB^WB>iK^gHB^HMHHW I was irritated, in fact, he it wherever I can." — Edward Otto. ,.>!,( ____„_ __ ' >„,,¦^ ,!_',! ,„ * ,'
the romJnK deration .«¦« a grwt for colds and I have found it very bene- his health and grow Hk^ ? * 1W WJllIVTffWi was sore from crown of head A. O. Hardinp. of Prescott. Ont.. has 1 ' P«L re^ Si I n
¦ ? : '" *'¦-• fot it is in the tender ficial for indigestion. I ?!nd it especially ' H * jlgmfe; , • I to soles of foet \fter we been presented w'th a "5-year Medal of d0se9 of ?eruna restores thorn. I am
'-.¦"•:• •' ¦••¦¦ : 'Vn X'ft^lrZ&M. l^ for Riy th " dr -- My "We know that our little son's «ffl^'"v H had g iven him t,; bottlen Honor in Odd F^wship. and is al ? J^S^^L^i'^S m
thi.s Wasting the whole- career of the d:iuslltf ' rs ' scven and mM years old. ... j l VO ur wond'r II «HHI««ii \ * . -f i££fr?&£BgBBmm3B23Br) ¦ h . ls hair came back, and one of the leading druggists of Prescott. t oldest bo vs. Thev had been troubled
ir.rlividual. have tak. n it /or colds, as it cures in a sareu vy your wona.r- H... ... /*. ;¦•-»-¦¦ ir-wy ¦ -%—jj since then we have seen no Tie writes as follows: "Ever since I lwr>oluest 3 - l "^> na>1 i-ciUD.ea
The mothers who are bringing up their day ot two. They have been cured in an fut medicine. Peruna., and we V^__, T , llTN> , 1 -~ v ?;,_- _ nM , ... _«- , V\ s! sn of the eczema. We give have been handling Peruna I have had a wlth catarrh and Peruna cured them
. J^S"KZ, b^'^»? SJTSSZ' 11^!; SSSS S ,"«f" « ;*"• <"•/»¦- «- (HfV New Martin jville. : /i\ IVU^rT^StJ'&Ti- SP^iffiftteftSSSK %Sr M 'V£?££i£SZ?£2?i
-thoy b-iome heads of families thtm- sleep, a dose or two of Peruna would in- tarrhal trouble in our family, we \\\ 7iT "\T /--^¥«^\ fected parties in regard to in all of its various forms. It cures colds w V, . ? # Hartman. giving a
selves, use Peruna with unquestioning! variably cure them."— Mrs. John Hoi- shall always write to you for fN^X V 5l» thls matt £ r - Your medicine in a day or two. relieves cramps imme- full statement of your case
filth. liiesworth • fr*nt m *r,+ -—n H Fnrm*n K —^-^ V ¦ ¦Ttes, . ¦ is everything you claim for diately. cures lung troubles and the vari- Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
-== n»gB»orth. treatment. -G. H. Farm er. -^— it."— Wm. D. Ward. ous stomach disorders." Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
DRESSERS AND CHIFFONIERS
We have some very fine designs in Dressers and Chiffoniers, just
received from the factories, ranging -in price from $9.00 and $11.00
upwards, all late patterns. We also have a large stock of Iron and.
Brass Beds. Bedroom Sets of all kinds, Parlor Goods, Carpets,
Mattings, Draperies, etc. Call in and look at goods and compare
our prices. You will find that we can save you fully 20 per cent, as
we are the only furniture house in this city that does not add rent
to cost of goods. We will make terms to suit your purse. .
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO, j
1017-1023 Mission St. Above Sixth..Makes Trip Frora llonoluln by. Way of
the Marqulsas Inlands and Will
Xcu Sail for Samoa.
PAPEETE, Tahiti, May 9.— The yacht
Lurllne of Los Ang*!es. CaL, o-wned and
captained by S. S.« Sinclair, arrived at
i Papctte. Tahiti. April 19 from Honolulu
] via Tallsovi, Marqulsas Islands. This
S beautiful yacht was purchased by Sln
j dalr from J. IX Sprec&els about nine
| months asvx Sinclair Is accompanied
' by hl» wife and dacshter. also Mr.
j Freeman, the w«ll knovrn tennis player.
The yacht will leave for Samoa about
May 15. <;
The French transport La Durance
sailed from Papeete, Tahiti, April 6 for
rVcacurea, conveying- about 250 troops.
i There are only about thirty^soldiers at
present in the barracks at Tahiti.
I George R. Rtchmosd, a veteran cf
lie Civil War, died at Tahiti April 1.
YACHT I.ITJJXE ARRIVES
AT THE PORT OF PAPEETE!
A Member of California Circle, Women
of WooiU'tMft, to Receive tho
Oriental I>cgrr<\
California Camp of the Woodmen of
tho WorUI la to h;tve a Woodman's
night at the Lyceum Theater next
Wednesday, when nn unusual pro
crainme will bo presented for the en
i tertalnment of th« members an<3 their
friends. A feature of the evening will
bv the conferring of the Oriental De-
KT«v on n nelKhbor of California Circle
of tho Women of Woodcraft. It will
b<e> the first % limo that that degrro* has
beon conferred on or.* of th* fair s«x.
Tfc<* prosrxmjss* includes th* follow
ins: numbers: Overturo. the preat
I Kraton in the rolling hoops; Iren?
\ Franklin. cornet virtuoso; Fr«d
Purdy of C^Uforttin Camp, In a tenor
solo; Gus Kim'fo, the German rartlme
iuKirlcr; Instrumental selections;
Henry Grwn#, in character ln\p<ersonn
tJons; the Oriental Degree, by the
Oriental Dejprc« team — N>Ighbor
Charles Brown of Western Addition
Cwap as the Grand Orient; Charles
lUcfcanis, tn tUustrated soags; J. J.
Colsan of California Camp, bass solo;
Ben and . Mrs. Ilunn, "the rough
skstch artist***; mxutical selections;
Kcth Wilson and Julia Maher, Califor
nia Caxap's juvenile sons and.danoe
avrtists; Flo Adler and her little
pickaninnies; Slyvester. Jones and
Prtujrie, "th* irap*r»AJs of talxsstrels-y* 1 ;
lAtesi ciaving pSctsreau "little Egypt**
vrUl be or.c of the c&s&ldates to re-.
«ix« the Oriental Desree.
woomtr.N op world
FORM TIIIIATEU PARTY*
Japan has S01S miles of railroads.
America has furnished them 300 loco
motives.
The Gjoa sailed from Christia
ttla June 17, 1903. Accorflinj: to pro
jrramme it was first to jro to King W«
li&mlasd. en the coast of Greenland,
theaee to proceed for Bering Strait.
The expedUien characterized by
Professcr Schmidt of Berlin as under
taking the most Important task in the
domain cf terrestrial magnetism. It
xras planned to take a route never be
fore attempted.
According to a dispatch from Dundee
on November 16 last whalers who had
just returned there* reported that they
had found the Danish Ericksen expedi
tion on Saundors Island in a pitiable
state of destitution. Count Moitke. the
artist of the expedition, w-as very -HI-
The explorers, it was added, In the
company of Esquimaux, were living in
a tattered tent and their food was al
most exhausted except a supply of egg«
from the Island. They had only one
pun nnd had abandoned their boat and
one fledge at the northern part of Mel
ville Bar. The Danes were entirely de
pendent on the Esquimaux. The whal
ers left with thorn supplies aad mate
rials to build a new boat.
OAKI.AND. May II. — On » tie vote
the Police Commissioner? have ro
fuscd to urant the West Oakland Ath
letic dub's application for n boxh'.j;
permit. Mayor Olr.ey voted njMlnst
the jvr-tition. whilo President McKlivy
was In favor of jjranitmr it. Commis
sioner Turner was absent
1,/osrs llo\iiijj IVrmtt.
COPENHAGEN. May. 21.— The Dan
ish, scientific expedition to Greenland,
under the leadership of Ericksen, has
arrived at the Danish colony of West
Greenland after much hardship and
pufferinp. The expedition reports that
it found the whallns ship GJoa. with
Captain Amundsen's magnetic north
pole expedition on board, at Dalyrlm
ple dock. All the members of both ex
peditions are well.
Ericlvson Party Arrives at
Danish Colony of West
Greenland After Hard Trip
SAN JOSE, May 21.— William W. Pet
tis, a well-known resident of this city.
died at his home on South Third street
yesterday, after a lingering 1 illness. He
was a native of Xew York and 62 years
of age. During the war he served in
the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry. Pet
tis came to California in 1375 and set
tled at Santa Cruz, and 13 1SS3 he re
moved to San Jose. While here he
conducted several bakeries. Fcr a while
he conducted a livery stab!a at Sara
toga and recentlr at Menlo Part from
which town a fete ir^st-lis *s?> fcs caa-j
to this city. A widow *n4 tire* jrrown
children survive hits.
Well Known San Jose Man Dead.
TURKS. ISLAND, Bahamas, May 21.
Mail advices from San Domingo an
nounce that on May 16 the rebel general
I.asala attacked and captured the town
of La Ve^a, taking prisoners General
Bobea, the Under Secretary for War;
General Luis Tejlra. the Governor of
La Vega, and General Xey. The entire
district of Monte Cristi Is in the hand3
of the revolutionists^
' CAPE HAYTIEX, Haytl. May 21.—
A courier who has arrived from Guay
aubin brought the news that Monte
iCrist!, on the north coast of Santo Do
mingo, which Is held by the Dominican
revolutionists, would be attacked by
land and sea to-day.
It was announced from Cape Haytien
May IS that the Haytien authorities
Leading Dominican Generals
Fall Into tlic Hands of
Insurgent Leader Lasala
had authorized a Dominican cruiser to.
disembark a strong contingent of
troops on Haytien territory for the in
vestment of Monte Cristi. which ad
joins Haytien territory. thi3 being made
necessary by the fruitlessness of the
many bombardments of Monte Cristi
by the Dominican gunboat Presidente.
In August last the Taotai of Shang
hai Issued warrants for the arrest of
the editor and stafT of the Chinese re
form newspaper Supao. rublished in
Shanghai. They were accused of pub
lishing seditious matter. It was re
ported that- the prisoners were about
to be tortured, but through the inter
vention of the British Minister, acting
subsequently with the American Gov
ernment, this was averted and the
prisoners were given an open trial
with the above results.
SHANGHAI. May 21.— The two re
maining members of the staff of the
Chinese reform newspaper Supao were
sentenced to-day to two and three
years' hard labor, respectively, dating
from their arrest last year, with ban
ishment from every foreign settlement
upoh the expiration of their sentence.
Two Members of the Editorial Staff
of the Newspaper Supao Receive
Heavy Sentences.
IMPRISONMENT THE FATE
OF CHINESE REFORMERS
SEVERE TRIALS
OF EXPLORERS
REBEL FORCE
TAKES A TOWN
He had been a trader at Kauhura, Taa
motu Islands, for t'.e last twenty-five
years. .
'The sir Knights of the several touts
of this city and those of tents In the
Immediate vicinity 'are making nr
rangomonts, in conjunction with
the membership of tho several
hives of the Ladles of the Mnc
cabtea, to tender tho visitors a grand
reception In tho Assembly' Hall of the
Pioneer building on tho evening of
their arrival. Great Consul Com
mander S. W. Hall of the Qreat Camp
ct California ami other groat officers,
ns well hs« the First Hnttnllon of the
"Daiuly Thirteenth" Regiment of the
Uniform Uank, will bo on hand. There
la to "be ah entertaining programme of
music nnd sting and an address by
each of tho visitors. The committee
in charge !«.' ext^rnled nn Invitation
to every member of tho order In San
Francisco t>» moot the visitors.
A groat Maccabee is coming to this
city nnd he will be here next Wednes
day. It is ISdward Young, groat rec
ord kcoper of tho State of Ohio,
Knights of the Maccabees, who recent
ly left his home for the purpose of
paying fraternal visits to the tents of
tho order in this State. Ho is accom
panied by Rev. K. T. Hegerman of the
samo Stato. special lecturer to the
Mnccabcos of Ohio. Mr. Young, who
is tho editor of the Beehive, will prob
ably, at the next session of the Su
preme Tent of the order, be elected
supreme secretary to till the vacancy
caused by tho death of George J. Sigel.
Him n Reception In IMoneer
Hall This Wi«ek.
Local Tents Jiiul Hives Will Tender
MACOABEE CHIEF SOON
TO • VISIT THIS C1TV
ROOStVELT WllHOUr OPPOSITtO.H.
TV»m John«>n Il«'t»r<« to Sov MiN*ourian
in «!>'• White lluti<«c.
Cleveland; m«v :i.— Mayor
T« ro 1* Johnson, tn th«» rt>ur.<*' of a
1 s^rroh «t the Twenty-firs) District
Democr^atlQ Convention h«"W hene to
ju$ay. »aJd:
*"A tow war* aRv» an unknown
• >ou::k v.mlu Wiiy out in Missouri cora»
.mriu-rd to talk Rbout honesty* in pub-
Mc tttc. Ho wn» e!<s JcJ ClrcuU At
torney. Protn that moment the mil
llonatr* «s wrtl aa the cheapest jm>
llttcal Kr.-.fXfr Irarnisl that Joseph W.
Poll :~eant what he said. Mr. Polk
-? .
PWS nUDlTTG Tt» FOLK.
Will In«li>ri!r II Im Should ' He Get
I»rmn<*railo \ominnllon.
LOU16%*1LLI^ Ky.. May :i.~Chair
man l'arker of tho national executive
OOmmlUCO «<f the Populist party said
tO-day, in on Inters lew. that Hearst
voxsld irceivr t!u* purport of the Pop
\jllst» In Kentucky and olsfwhere.
"1 pprak for the national leaders in
'my P*lty when I bay that «r arc for
Mm." «<sld Pal her. *"Hl8 views nnd
jTlnelplcs uprre wSih OUTIh He advtt.
ratrs ceitaln prtttCtplcs for which we
have bern fl^htlnc for years. If the
Domocrats nominate him tho Populist
party wW pot pot no ticket."
••nut. dor* not the Populist party
Tnrrt in Ns»tli">r.al Convention «»n July
4. before iho Democrats meet?"
¦'Yep. thut Is a fact." replied Parker.
'but 1 am now advocating a postpone
ment of this date for two weeks In
«>tdrr that wo iv.uy know whether the
Democrats nominate Hearst, whether
they arc able to nominate a man who
believes .; : he dOCS,*" ,
rorcusTs aiu: lxm ueahst.
ne'.d. £uch a complication mlfifct brlnu
• bo;:; n vrry disastrous result In the
national campaign.
JUln«Ms ha» :T votcw In the clecl^ml
coilcsr nnd Wt»rcn*in 13.
toontlnnctl From P«pt« 21. Tolnmn 3
NEW YORK. May :i.— Tammany
Hall will be called upon to face an in
dependent Democratic organisation in
Manhattan nnd Hronx If Judge Parker
be nominated. This statement was
tnado to-day by N. Taylor Phillips, one
of Ihe founders of the Greater New
York Democracy. If the Greater Now
York Democracy succeeds in Its ac
tion tr> obtain a column on tho dflSclal
ballot It will obtain a standing that
permits it to place candidates in the
flfld repanlless of Tammnny, and It
then probably will be mad<> an Instru
ment to fight Tammany Hall nnd com
pel support of Parker.
CJrrnicr Xcw York Democracy Plan
ning to War Tjxm tho TiRvr.
WILL E1GIIT TAMMANY.
(Subsequently the aml-Johr.son Dem
ocrats of the Twenty-first District held
nn Independent convention. an J nomi
nated August Zehrtng for Cbngr&s. .'-.
It. l>unham and Thomas H. Efaffiott
wrr* named as delegates to the Nation
al Conventlon<
"There nre political grafters in
Washington. We know that to our
sorrow. Perhaps Mr. i-vik could find
Ubor for his talents as the President
of the United States, nlming his giant
like blows at Official rottenness nt
Washington. 1 am not attempting to
forecast the action of tho coming na
tional convention, but fearless Joseph
Folk should be kept in mind."
Kdmund G. Vail was nominated for
ConRTcsp. Mayor Tom L. Johnson n«:d
John 11. Clark were cl< - cVd ns delegates
to the National Convention. They were
not irMmotetl.
pursued the rrookod millionaires as
well ns the vhcap grafters and landed
them in the penitentiary. Tho end
1» not yet In the chase for criminals In
Missouri and to-day this fenrloss
young l>cmocrut Is as good ns noni
lnntcd n« candidate for Governor.
Tho review of the troops, held at the
station on account of the pressure for
time, was exceedingly brief. The Czar's
trip through the ancient capital, which
he much prefers to St. Petersburg, was
almost in the nature of a triumphal
procession. The streets were gayly
decorated and the sidewalks were
erowik-d with people whose acclama
tions almost drowned the clang of the
bells of Moscow's 500 churches. No es
oort of troons accompanied the Czar,
who sat in nn open carriage.
Inside tho Kremlin were no troops
except the rPKtilnr sentinels. Ills Maj
esty did not visit the lmxwrial palace,
but drove rapidly across the terrace
Which overlooks the shining city and
the ilver llowinjj at its base. Just be
yond tho Petit Palace, where his
grandfather was born; the Cr.ar and
his suite alighted '. and entered the
Church of the Assumption."" After a
ta dcum had been sung the Czar knelt
on the Identical spot where he received
tho crown of his father under the colos-j
sal Imago of God painted in the cupola,
and there, amid ,.iocense burning,
prayed for victory for' the Russian
army and received the blessing of the
Metropolitan. Then he arose and moved
reverently forward and kissed the
linage of the -Virgin which Vladimir
brought to Moscow to protect the city
on" the approach of the yellow horror.
The Czar received the news of the
destruction of the Japanese ships while
at Toula. He expressed sorrow at the
death of so many brave men. The
whole war to htm is a regrettable oc
currence for which he feels that Russia
is not responsible.
MOSCOW, Mav 21.— The Czar's 2000
nille Journey through' Russia ended at
Moscow this afternoon with a review
of several sapper and engineer battal
ions In the courtyard of the Nicholas
Statue and a hurried visit to the shrine
of the Iberian virgin and the church in
tho Kremlin, where he was crowned^
The Czar was met at Moscow with
the same patriotic demonstrations that
have marked the whole progress of his
trip. Ho seemed to bo in high spirits
and was pleased with the temper mani
fested by tho people, as well as by the
appearance and morale of the two
corps which he was Bonding to.reln
forco General Kuropatkln. Besides,
Binco his Majesty left St. Petersburg
a week ago, the news from the front
has been very reassuring. General Ku
ropatkln evidently believes that the
turning point of the campaign is close
at hand, the wide territory over which
the enemy is operating and his own
concentration giving him a distinct ad
vantage.
TROOPS ON REVIEW
Sappers and Engineers Soon
to Go to the Front Are
Given a Brilliant Farewell
Russian Killer's Long!Jour
ney Ends in Ancient Capi
tal Where He Was Crowned
MOSCOW GIVES
CZAR GREETING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MAY 22, 1004.
24
IN BcPUTIFUL SANTA BflRBARfl. V#
a AT£S— American plar>— From May I. 1904. to Jcnuary !, 1905:
Cnc person occuping roon), witboutbeth. $2.50 to $3.50; with bath, $3.50 to $5.00
We arc showing nn exhaustive col-
lection of fine Antiques in all s zes
from 15 by 30 inches to 12 by 20'
fee: at prices ranging from $4 00
up. This assortment is by far the
largest and most complete in this
city, and includes ANATOLIANS.
KARABAGHS. HAMADANS, SHiR-
VANS. KARADJIS, KAZAKS. BOK-
HARAS. KHIVAS, CASHMERES,
SERAPHS, KH0RASSANS, SERA-
BENDS FERAHANS. CABULS,
BAGDADS. IRANSand innumerable
Special attention is called to our
large line of DAGHESTANS, BEL0O-
CHiSTANS and KURD1STANS at
$15.00 and S1S.OO.
W^ISLOANC&GG.
•FURNITURE -CAPPETS • RUGS -DRAPERIES
114-122 POST STREET
ADVEKTISEMEXTS.
¦ Tired of working for tvajres?
Read onr BUSINESS CIIAXCU
COLCMX. "
Spl^nrtfd opportunity for In-
Testmenfe -
adveiltisi:mki;t3.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
School will soon close and if you lake B
a bit of inlvicc from us don't delay your ¦
>W twyitiji until ihr last moment. The fitting of shoes is im- ||
j.f.Tiaiii an<i comfort is too essential for a pleasant oiitwiK to put II
>l off until you are about to depart. Nowhere in this city can you j
find the assortment of nutinR shoes which we show this season; B
be it a lijjht, airy canvas shoe or a high-cut mountain boot, you y
wjil find it here, in ail *ires nnd widths. One-half of our larne win- 1
clows \% devoted to tuttinK shoes and if you want to net posted on j
what is proper and whit will bring you case and comfort, t.ike^ B
i CZCIX»X>BJBXr'B AJfD KISSES' BAaUTOOT BAWDAL8 — Cool and com- N
f..M.i1.1p for ••otiiitjy lvmr — |tk« tllunt i ul loll No. 2. Mado Of tan I
ti cniLDin:rt!i and kujseb 1 ojiat ooolxb cx.otu oxrOBD tics 1
LAStrn' niOJi out boots- -Vrhij» i« nrndo of chocolato lcld. tim I
i«<i>» of Biwy cinvat- 16 lnrhe« high. Stmo B8 Illustration No. 1. U
Thn p«rti«» In nil r»nvM— 12 Inch** hlffh «•«... n!iS.f>0 H
Tho •nuiK In rtio<-oUt« kid nil way up nnd 16 Inches htgh. .ftjt.KO fl
Tli<» mtu* in wt»«hatil«« biickuktn— IS Inches liljrh SH.riO ¦
1'li» runo !ti wii»!»:i!>'o huckitkln — 16 Inohrs high Sm.OO e
Tim ta.'ciK* In tan rnlTRkln — 1< Inchra high H'i.IMI t
! JffEWS MIGXt CITT BOOTS— Mnd<> of heavy tnn cnlfskln — double Jl
Tim tn » ii"«' tnn. i»nft btit dural»l«» mntcrtul sKTi.OO ?
} Tli" MtiiK tn Ki:»>" w:inhnblo lm« kfktn. with clksUln »ol<-N. . . . ftft.OO H
Tlir nntm" In 't<n calf— 1C Iiu'hrn lilRh J$(!.r»O R
z.ASirs* coour cx.otk oxroBO ties — with modluni \w\. nlno In B
Tim s.miii- in u"<y nn« llnrn or crnnh . *.'. tjll.ftO ¦
Th« rnuif tn llnrn or crath. with Krcnch hrcln. . . .^. H
Tlio n.-tni" In wliltc. with high French hrcln .^ v *< j P
l.sillrs" A\'liltr CanvuM l<«ico Shoes SU.OO nnd hlTt.OO
Ht>r»!:i! ti>r Ihr wrrU «ind a ifotnl thln« to tnko li> Ihn country:
A bjioi: DUUb'U (Hold rvrrywherr nt TGc) together with a dauber
WOfth 100 "i»*l « '»«'>¦ of 10c polimh, nt Ii5c
ri V\_ t^ j_/ f^ ¦ &a X% w\ 11 1 I .** i* \^1 ¦• it^jt— Boy \l
I J^ s_^*»?(*«» J LrvlvJV jLj X. O1.WJ • it
u^VI T/\ Duf o Tnrif nf Pmccolc (\\it>r Qnn FranfMQPn and cover its streets with velvets. \Wf\
J&& lo. "lit a lent or Brussels uver oan rrancisou latest of Friedman's famous
Carpet Sales we want to cover every bare floor in San Francisco; and we are making prices so low that -^r
! jSl whether you have one room or a dozen flats you will realize that NOW and HERE are the time and Jj)|ji
m the place to buy. Remember that the^ Friedman Carpet Floor has a greater display than the combined s^x
yflHKj carpet departments of any two other Houses in the city. Over three thousand rolls from which to choose, W
Hjfwlj and this week you may choose from them all at special prices, jfe*^*^ *& & & & & &
m * nnnrwMWT nniTrrri r hall and stair pat- -niTrr reversible Brussels rugs -Regular 512.00 to JjjJ
§3 TAPFSTRY Rlf I ISSF I S TERNS, In small figures, K| IfS 515.00 values; 50 patterns from which to *j *}* |tev
liilJL/JllVl UllUJJJL/JL/J wlth two-tone effects. HfUwl c hoose. This werk V y •^** gybj
l finftN ROOM PATTERNS, with or without borders; floral and Pftkgi AXMINSTER RUGS, 9 x 12 feet— New floral and Orl- qiq -rr f^2\
iljVgPL Oriental designs. An offer of price and quality never entil and India designs, $27.50 values; this week \xj>l*/.7v#
PUUT^a before equaled. Sewed, lined and laid pi » v ir
v%3(^ FIHITrT'r'F C Elegant Carpets in elegant designs, ind any num- nr iTTTIirr* At who!esal; prices for 20-yard rollr. Regular re- aJa^
i^^il 111% I Nlhl l ber from which to chooje. Small patterns on deep ly| A fi ||\I|S tail price 56.QJ; this special lot (> fh £F Jc<^~
MZyfy UlWiJtJLiLJU s haded grounds, in reds and greens, mxg pa llirl 1 llll\l»J o { jj5 p i eC£S while they last, *»^^ toO W^^
wood colors and light tans. The yard, sewed, lined and J «5v>* *^* 20-yard roll, not laid '• *^
r*-%rrr\n i Tim Tr»r»r«f r» Cashmeres, Florals and India de- * utai f^lTlUfC ODDS AND ENDS o! the season's sales. WJ&
<£rm FYTRA Kltl SSM S^g^i U**> wood<obrei and tan I I \ 8 j rl I If 1 S i5 to d F ieces « Bnng the meas-
yr*f*\ L/il 1 ltri MJlWJUUljUU g roun ds; reds and greens. /TK/"k lylHUWIiUUW uremicts of your rooms. Made *3/l|#v V^tr'-^
Every b.-autiful pattern and artistic design in high-grade !rjij}f^ of the best pulverized cork and linseed oil. By the square
y%&gH Brussels. This week, sewed, lined and laid yard, not laid
hadtiicdcc I Bff? A Pa 1^1 1" T ATE riTDTAIWC &i«u
82§J rUKllcKcj LFB^rli l_l^Ba-O LAvc LUKlAlnJ Jjfec
W$L AspcdallineofTwc-Tone Mercerired Silk Portieres, with knotted I ™ P**« L*ce Curtains in one, two *^ J^* P^f.J^ A £ (% ZsSB
&3n fringe top and bottom, and In all the newest shades- Afl 4)o In Ecru, Arabians, Ivory and White. Regular $1.00 value!, Z£ J)
Um nile greens, olives, blue, and reds. 58.00 valu«; per Jp£| #t $i3 LACE^ CURT AINS-$ lvalues,' 'pet' pair" '. '.'.'.'.V. <5^Kc Iffffl,
P * LACE CURTAINS— $3.00 values, per pair 31 .^ 5 {/$} p
n i\ »JBr»/\rfcT*r^rfc^ Light Summer Coverings, made of the best T\ATI7VT /'AMFAnTPnC Extra size 72 x 73 inch Down ~~C^~
t&\ I iB^irliK S rnS medicated cotton and covered rf> m _ 1 1 i I \V f\ LUllrUKIrKj Comforters, with sateen cov- W,/ t
gSl wUllIIUAlLIIJ with pretfysjlkolines, hand-tied. UU IT 11 VVIfli Ull 1 \jY\U erlngs, in varied Oil ff/\ £^f<
jS^WB Regular $1.50 values \J\J? \J 2nc j beautiful designs and colors. Regular $7.50 values for *])*+• O\J *%P^m
*M DINING TABLE F-URN8TUI El SUMMER GOODS
S^^ A Round, Solid Oak, Goldtn Finished Dining Table, gfr <V «^ g* CAMP STOOLS that are strong enough for camp life 1 5c S^&V
%1$T with fluted legs and thorough po'ish. Reguhr $J2.53 »«Uj #i y RECLINING CANVAS CHAIRS that give perfect comfort, 85c t!?£>j
£pAUJ value. This week OUTING COUCHES of strongly ¦woven wire; removable legs .. £$»1
V^SCi niiTiii/t /»ir i in A strongly made, thoroughly braced Diner _ ¦ ' ... , T . , . ,, 2*V»?5
FlINlNfi LHAiR ol oakf with golden finish. f%f\^ 1^ fHCCT R^tl * 9t5 ? fc V rf" fo i Z *° d ¥*&
UllllnU UliUl! A regular $1.25 value. Singly (IDC ivC til C J 1 T h h^k "^ $5.90 fW)\
£%&& If you contemplate fur- • Be sure to sec our r 5^^^
o|3&& nishlni your home, sec r^s^k/vs. ' Srcat fifth floor display. iS^*^
f^rx Micsc cornets now Thev Jl »L « «k %ffl A • % 0 iA All Rinds of comfort ir^SiNEW YORK, May 21.— The United
States battleship Kentucky anchored
off Tompkinsville to-day, having made
the world's record run for a warship
from Hongkong and Madeira to New
York. The total distance steamed was
Flagship Kentucky Makes a
New Record for Trip From
Hongkong to New York
The health authorities of Paris ar«
considering the advisability of using
minced raw horse flesh In the hospitals
for the. treatment of tuberculosis and
other diseases.
FAST VOYAGE
OF BATTLESHIP
12,699 mile*— from 'Hongkong, at an
average speed of 12.07 knots. The
last run of 2900 miles from Madeira
to New York was made at an average
speed of 13.8 knots. The whole dis
tance was made under _ natural
draught ...•
The Kentucky has been In commis
sion a little more than four years and
her first run was out to the China sta
tion. She has Been the flagship of the
squadron for three years and has
flown the flag of Rear Admiral Evans
for more than two years. She left Ma
nila on March 13, docked at Hong;
kong on March 15 and sailed for home
on March 29.
NEW CORPORATION.— The Peninsular
"Water Company wu Incorporated yesterday
with a capital stock of $600,000. all of which
la subscribed. The directors ar« James New
lands Jr.. William and Thomas Ma<M, J. 3.
Newlaads and C. W. Brock.
The number of bills discounted by
the- Bank of France and Its branches
in- 1903 . was 18,435,938. The number
of notes In circulation on January 28,
1904, was 35,030,244.
NEW YORK, May 21. — Albert T.
Foster, proprietor of the Hotel Algon
quin, Is unaware of the, whereabouts
of Mrs. Foster and her little daughter,
Dorothy. In despair at not being able
Special Dispatch to The Call.
New York Hotel Proprietor
.Advertises for Information
as to Their Whereabouts
time lived at the Alonquin. Mrs. Foster
expressed a wish to visit her mother
at Brockton and left on* a train for
Boston at 10 o'clock on the morning of
April 15. She took with her the little
girl and the latter's nurse.
It was not until ten days later that
Foster had occasion to become uneasy
over his wife's trip to Massachusetts.
She wrote to him, - he says, that, she
did not intend to return home, adding
that she had discharged the, nurse, and
that the latter probably would inform
him -, why she had taken that step.
'The Fosters are prominent in society
here.
to trace them, after ineffectual at
tempts lasting nearly a month, he has
offered a reward for information.
Foster cave out a statement as fol
lows:
. "Matters ¦ which occurred following
my departure on a trip to the West
were only recently brought to my at
tention. There is grave apprehension
for the health of the child. I feel it
will not be proper to make any further
statement of this unfortunate affair at
this time. The facts will all be proved
when the time for so doing arrives."
For some reason the anxious husband
and father seems to be convinced that
the trip he took to California several
months ago had some bearing on the
absence of his wife and .child. He left
this city on January 25 and returned on
February 19. His family In the mean-
MISSING WIFE
TAKES CHILD
. A rough diamond Is worth m jch pol
ished dirt.
The games committee of the Cale
donian Club will visit Shell Mound
Park to-day to make the final ar
rangements for the annual gathering
and games to be held on Monday, May
20. The gratherlng is attracting: more
than usual interest this year from the
fact that there are new events on the
programme, including wrestling, and
that new competitors will be present
•from various cities in adjoining States.
It Is expected that Jack Munroe.
•who will fight James Jeffries for the
world's heavy- weight championship,
will visit the games and may compete
in the hammer throwing and other
heavy events, at which he is an adept.
The club has appropriated a liberal
sum this year for entertaining the
guests, who will as heretofore receive
a genuine Highland welcome. A r«-*
ception committee headed by First
Chieftain S. McGregor will see that
this part of the programme is carried
out to the satisfaction of everybody.
Chief A. M. MacPherson will have the
'direction of the sports and will be as- j
sisted by ex-Chief Angus McLeod and
TVilliam Mitchell.
Games Committee of thc Caledonian
Club Will Visit Grounds to Make
the Final Arransements.
" DAVIS CCTS OFFICE.— F. E. Davit Is
er.tltleo to the office of constable of No. 1
Tcwmhi.i. Fresno County. accordJr.s; to a de
cision rendered by U;e Kupreme Court yester
day. Emli GruniK waM declared elected by
the County Beard of SJpenison, but that body
excluded one precinct on a techlncallty In
ci.nva£slnc the return*. The Superior Court
decided that Davis had been properly elected
*nd the hUher tribunal afflrms that declaion.
One hundred and fifty houses in the
Russian settlement at the sugar fac
tory north of here were destroyed. So
far as ascertained only one life was
lost here. Six bridges .were washed
out between Livermore and Fort Col
lins and traffic is suspended. The flood
receded rapidly at this point to-day,
but it is believed that several reser
voirs are unsafe, and ehould any of
these go out much further damage
will ensue.
FORT COLLINS, Colo., May 21.—Es
tSmates cf the damage caused by the
•flood in the Cache La Poudre Valley
last night run from $1,000,000 upward.
The "headgates of all the irrigating
ditches have been washed out and miles
of embankments destroyed. Unless re
•pairs can be made in time to save
water for irrigation this year the loss
v.ill be nearer $2,000,000 than $1,000,000.
. Dozens of bridges were washed out
between Greetey and Windsor and be
tween Fort Collins and Livermore. The
railroad bridge north of Greeley is
still standing, but for a distance of 100
rods the embankment under the Union
.Pacific tracks are washed out. leaving
the rails without support. Mall com
munication between Windsor anQ out
side points is entirely cut off.
The Colorado Southern management
.announces that it will be Tuesday or
Wednesday before traffic can be re
sumed, owing to the damage done to
tfce tracks.
No estimate of the damage done
<-rops can be made until the water goes
down, but if it continues to fall at the
present rate part of them may be
"taved.
. GREELEY. Colo., May 2L— The flood
In the Cache La Poudre River caused
by a waterspout in the foothills yester
day afternoon reached Greeley early
to-day. The river is running bank full
and Is three feet higher than ever be
fore since this town was established.
All bridges north of this place are
washed out. It is reported that many
fcheep belonging to the Warren Live
stock Company were drowned in the
Xone Tree district.
DENVER. May 2L— The flood in
the Cache La Poudre Valley caused by
the waterspout in the foothills yester
day afternoon reached its height at
Greeley between 9 and 11 o'clock this
morning. The only life lost, so far as
is known, is Robert Strouse, who was
drowned near Tingmat. A number
of peopfe are missing, and owing to the
condition of the roads and washing out
of bridges it is impossible as yet to
ascertain whether or not they lost
their lives.
CHEYENNE. Wyo., May 2L — Only
two lives were lost In the fiood which
swept through West and South Chey
enne last night, the victims being the
Clayton boys. 4 and 2 years old. re
spectively.
Rain had been falling for twenty
fpur hours when the cloudburst oc
curred at K o'clock- Cow Creek had
been running bank full, and when the
cloudburst took place a wall of water
six feet hich came down the valley,
sweeping away ranch buildings, fences.
corrals, haystacks and other movable
articles In Its path.
• Five hundred people living In the
lowlands along the creek in West
Cheyenne vrere gtven no warning
whatever until the wall of water was
upon them. In South Cheyenne 200
people lived In the flooded district and
a number are missing.
Serious washouts have occurred
south, east and west of Cheyenne, and
traffic on the Union Paciflo is seriously
impeded. Telegraph *nd telephone
Unes are also down. I
AT SHIXIj MOUNT) PARK
Persons Living in the Low
lands Along Crow Creek
Barely Escape From Homes
TRAFFIC IS DIPEDED
Raging Torrent That Swept
Through Chej'enne Does
Damage to Property*
TWO BOYS DIE
IN THE FLOOD
TH^, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 22, . 1904.
The income of the British Postoffice
from money In envelopes having no or
insufficient addresses Is $30,000 or $35,000
a dayj . /
25
A variety of articles FOR'
V SALE in the miscellaneous ads.
Gas Engines to Sewing Ma-
chines— Some bargains that may
Interest yon.
, A number of MISCELLANE-
OUS WANTS, too. Perhaps yem
can fill the needs.
HOT STOVES 1* HAVE . 3IET.
By Jerome K. Jerome.
This is an opportunlt y to laugh
and laugh immoderate-
ly, for though the title
Elves you aJbsolntely no; i - :
idea of the subject, it
is really cleverly ap-
propriate.
XEXT SU>*DAY CAIJj.
| Auiomobolists' Novelty Beits, Etc. 4^ — qr' /^ Laces, Robes, Etc. Pretty Parasols
J Summer CiotMng Crashed Uather and Kid -Belts- White, j/^9 f "* Popular Net Top Uees— Io all the wanted POflUiar PriCCS
H A complete «tock of automobile apparel and black and colored . . BOo to $3 m SO S** &X^-\ M M fe± >t± JZ* M M M ~ 0Jf^ new pattern*, iudb as Repoone, Point T>««»» #««,..* tfc« n«r*«ol whl'e Ton
V Copcobucn. to,«h t r »id> the tat .f tk. J p eRa^ plka _ \ $,, oo £ S6.OO 'CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST'^ .#__,—^^^" Prico,jl. t0o"S4.80 one if yoo tay « home. The Empo-
i ZS2ZZ5Z2." U « N.w-p-..;,; H ;,;s w ;,f*f h f:" This great shopping has a /borsp** equal to "ci. . . . ..St e .oo»$4 M o '^^^.V^SSIS
S zszxzzrsgr.-jr*- ¥&M ™.;-c.;«?£i° P^SP WM$, and basem ' nt buildittgs 15OX17S *ssssr&st^^fsn, ¦ssj ! S£jsjkjs:83J'
*; ..... $3.00, $4.00, $4-50 upward new patterns, yard . 3OO, 2O O,1Oc feet edcfl. ' Uce, aU width*, yd., tBO *> $2.5O And many other siyUs
| A Manufacturer's Stock SUIti/tier COstUmeS Stid SUltS am Savo Money Now oa
\ ° re^S^^J^r^ G For dress, traveling and outing wear LmonsF Linens!
* (Worth Up to S2.0O Yara) _^ >^. — » -w^^^gL-^^ An interesting offering, beginning Monday, all
IS We have closed out a manufacturer's stock of fine [\T O * I TTPTT *1 JO 'i- J*/id\) small lots as well as several new. complete lines on
K dress goods-high grade suitings, homespuns. ( VPfV ilflPn H I* / rt l^lilOrP/l lMi1l.^^Z/ii ( o ur special sales counters at telling reductions- Buy
* Scotch tweeds, etc.— in pretty shades of gray, ( "^* J . L^pv^V*** 1 » 1C41H/J VVl LSKll t4^*7 Jm^JF*. I your supplies for city or country homes now.
it brown, blue, green and tan; widths from 48 to 56 (y*w«»^j£*.-*-».-» .^* ¦» ~ •-> fc .«w«w^^w-^,*^.^,«^.^ ¦.,^,^^^^5 Bleached DamasK — Hear/ and mercerized; Several designs:
*• inches* handsome materials for walking and out- Emphatically b««t values In town. This fact l» confirmed by the steady and tremendous Increase of patronaa-* tn oar spacious and ,j inches, 6oc quality, yard ........... 48O
t. incneb, JMUU6U t IJC HiaiCIlUlb ior WaiKing ana OUl complet.Iy .locked suit and cloak department. Costumes for summer s.r 8 featured. Needless to hare a drsssmaXer. "W* save you j£ "* ' I..*,-.! ' 1,-j kSa
5 ing SUltS that are regularly SOld at money and inconvenience and furnish clever creatlona of the world'a foremost designers. . 6 3 lncAea, 75c quality, yara O4O
%- $1.25, $1.50 and $2.00 per yard; on #JQ#» Dainty Organdy Dresses for parties and com-. Clever Satin Foulard Shirt Waist Dresses. $12.50 Napkins- of thenme faaStytnd maartonntch tietaaaA.
i special sale beeinning Monday »*^O nienceraent wear.. $H.5O All-silk lined Veiling Suits $27.50 Si £e£ £2 j3* iS.' ." ". I • lUM
J SOc Dress Goods 39c— Nearly 1000 yards of 36 to 38 New Tub Suits— lawns and Hnens $3.90 Pretty sllk-llned Crepe de Chines........ $38.50 FrlnJed ao ih3-Qtrm*n damaak.'r.ady for the able,
|g inch colored suitings, in pretty mixtures, that YMm** Y*mSB**m***rB mS^b> lfBffintM SiMitS 1-4 «Ue,tattad«fii. 15. «eh. ...... ..«go
|J will make stylish and serviceable dresses. The color BilG TatBCPGUI *>, WlfflS^^Ste V&MUMJBBJ WM*& i-io«e, b,:e»iof |,. 3 r, each. $UO8
j 39o Suits for $20 g&W *f^™«J°*!»™Z ""SSSSSHt : ":JS8
I """• gnn ' ng Mondayi yard - ' **^^ Mixture.veiling, Panama, chev- dW|fflQaW / dressers who a?e "-—a^-a— *-*.-*•»« % #o
± "™""~ — — — _ — .— — — —^_ i_»_ ' .±,.~.. ,. . . Ule 6 OOa arebbei:* WHO dre 1-4 isxe, instead of il.75, «ach Ml. 18
* Yi*imms*ti Ws*4a &/1 €&n Iot and cIoth Suits, that at flmmfflAUriy .i\ N now supplying their sum- t-10 «xe, i n ,t«<i of i s .oo, each $1^8
V B M MMMMMMM9SIM tTttcMSS &*tP0%jr$J ft11f , flm ,lo, n ,,Vnc /m a | mi , $§3^™! R?C*C— sik/^ ma , n*~Ar ' *-»* «J«. brsidof |i.» 5 , each $1.48
j: our regular prices (the low- iSS^s&^^WTOf mer needs. Op en work dotru-Good GcrL <um,,k,
LA, Jffi&pSSZ $28.50 and S31.50, are offer- *JU W W™^ £^ BOyS* WBSb SultS
l^^^^^rSf— %J«X% TueSday ™ d \^fi\\ F S n"T One Dollar
K Wit^Tir A s p ccW Lfnc oI Trimmed weanesaay at 'Tgfe/ W^V houses are selling this t ¦ *""** m*wmmm W^Sfm
\ lift '-JI Hats— Absolutely new designs, in the Twenty Dollars tt'^Hk identical costume for You save one*third on the regular V 5I iBI
j J VL TL late color e/fcet,, i. rfc iace hat, in The P rcltlcst 8Ultl » Et thc abovc P ricc$ * " e / J ir^^^ e X C 1 usively an price of every one you buy. /m/J>\
'*' 1^^^- whI:e ind bhck « a^orery effective turbam and included in this sale. None but new / W II I Emporium model at this About 350 suits in sizes 1% to S £$i\/* y 1r\
* y^-^^^fS^ toques, which we hare marked as a leader at and perfectly fresh goods, many of which I If I /J VerV lOW PHCC $27 SO y ears » a^ neWand Crisp, right (MU\ A I
I j: the spcdaUy low price, each . . . $4.9O have been in thc house but thirty days, . / - I JL M K^u of veil from the factor yj made in tne \jii\ /W
| »^ «*-««. ... w^, h £*** ind aot one over ninH7 day ,_ Swtggtr , Mjy 1 ' -# WsySd^ifS fM
I H.r«Mr" inj aifL' luL - li. ~. to «Lto «>-'«. «^'= "«\*e Emporbm. / Z^, Zn'^'liV .17 ""1 1
l -f. ffrf . :„ n.., n j Hir L <ro as handsome costumes similar to that shown k A fM\ j&> ,<f*_ Jower than simi:tr good styles and and bght blue, tan and gray, the colon that^ Ml\ v 1
% effect, in whit, and black $2.95 ,.,,,„.• mnA man • .. v /I I \ I lf///w" qualities can be obtained for elsewhere. wash best and show wil the least; iome hare M|\J
\ Horsehair Turbans-In blue, black, champagne and brown . $4.25 in illustration, tnd many others. Your AMI . f ¦' i\WW *OO en *yfC *rc .... white collan and ihields; others ha« collar, of tb""
; **t- ju^rnu .. j-l u- , m choice for the three dftkfft0% S W / Illi \ ,\\' : l ffl< $32*OU0 $OO f q>7O f tame material and white ihielda. Why pay full
j; Trimmed Hats-In .11 the very belt gradei, in honeh«r and Tu«an "Dice i S2O I// I iJ)//\ $100 and Upward price for .oUed or muss=d goods when these «n W§
* trimmed with flowers and berries and foliage — hats th it were days only *T *" rtJS <}\fl fjj! ! jjC~r^\Vl) r A ru\ Cr\ t — Waiits Dret be had at a saving of 50c on each suit? Mon- If3
I j: J8.00 and J8.5o-.11 now, at one uniform price .... $ 6 .15 Owing to extreme reductions a I/Qte Jf JI II^ySL thv ducked andvoke hand-made enl o T^^t ' ' f! SU ?° M
% ¦„,._.„, , „_ , .„ , W^ffxT M A A' 'il^V^^O thy tucicca ana yoke nana-maac, en- r ou^ R l( j er Suits— Made of regulation Array *t*r2.
K Mountain and Trampmg Hats from 25c to $1.25 slight charge will be ?ieccssary M^(m§^ tirc! y lined with taffeta silk, a 545.00 Khaki and trimmed with red 5 sizes 5 to 14
j J; Children's Outing fats BOo for alterations. dress $38.50 J™ StmfS &/*
I ™^St?J!'!!?* r n f™"" y; Important Sale Shoes I «°£™*££ u u'9SS9 '*L
* \=^J \ to- * shirt nun FllttiS , Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, while quantities last: Vr^F^* tWeGO & I Gilt the COUtiifV rf^A
I liilll Our camera department turns f§^E^i&M^M^MM^^SiSMl \ u^ . believe we can fit yon out The children .will #^8
ifc" tfffmtf I «aortmentofnorel- out this class of work promptly from z% to 5 tf at $2.15 \ * \ cheaper and better than any store m wan t to leave their / A
ij 1 He. h the fine*" and satisfactorily. We get all «»-«5 -«^ *™ (9 to*), for. ...../ $#.65 V5 || town from our compete stock of nicely dressed best // M
ij ... ... th«»M U in th<i nirtur* .t tW. Men's Canvas Leggins-Brst quality heavy duck, regularly J1.00 pair, for the 1=1 : tents. We sell 8 OZ. duck tents dolls at home. Buy U } JL\j
\ thinia s »«tenais,in- there is m the picture at these three days » _ \ t /..;./. 60o j .; 7 compete with ropes. them one of these (j T \ Q
!S I I ] dudin * p!ai ° moderate prices : Men's Lace Shoes— Vid kid, with dull kid top. a good^ everyday f 3 . 00 value— | 7 7 x 7 ft, with 3 ft. wall ...•• $©-00 kid body, COrk ft j
K til! whites -soft bosoms, For Developing -4x5 or smaller sized films; '&jft?S: * --' ' : * .*..... .$2.18 ?;, I . Stuffeddolls that are feffe 1
5 II with or without euffi *»»• fer^^l^f 50 Boys' Uce Shoes stout «lf, the kind we always sell for Ji. 95 -«es 4, f- i 7«9 «. wiia 3 ft. au *f° never SOld regularly fg
ST ' c -. . . 41$ and 5— while quantity lajts . . . 51.3 O Bil \ 9x9 ft. with 3 ft. wall .. • • • $8»2O ,, n Aar 5Cr. +«-r««» » 19
' if 32.00 F " Prlat ' n S- An r " C »P t0 3^x 3 K in- SSJSr Uce Shoes-Box calf, |Jg quality, size, g to 3 , f* . . . /J^ ' ' „ £ J^ { ft wlU — r 2;>C ' ( | I
; J : >I LUJ VGmWU chr,, unmounted, each 5 G Child's Uce Shoes Box calf, size* %).', to u-instcad of 1.50 pair . $1.%8 9^"" 3 ' ' ' Si * m7U TOW for . . JgQ *J>. Q^
Ijl" S5g Wash Goods 80 - Special 20% Discount Sale Body Brussels $1.25
! J! For To-Morrow Onlv-You can buy at The Emporium the real 32- M^keS EVCPy PSOCe Furniture Qn|v gc yd< Mofe Tapcstry
*: inch madras, colors of this season's productions; good bold stripes #m £%BBB* Si&B*& SB £3f*&Z&f BaiPtSSHin . L - , r * ' ru- i r ,t ,r^. „
| as well as the more dainty effects. The very material you want &UULT& €8 Vir&eSZ M***Wy*lgmT9 , C hoose thi. week from a great assortment of B,gelow, Lowells, Wluttall,,
, I for your outing suits, waists, skirts, negligee shirts, etc. g%* Our na ? CV " y day pnCCS ° n tmmtuIC uc from J« to 2O f er " nt . iC48 Imperials, Hartford and Leicestershire.
i and priced at practically half for A\onday's selling, yard- '. tfC fh??=^_n 5. ! C ° I cx . clU8lvc turi " turc Body Brussels Carpets— In the best Persian and floral designs, for parlor*-
; . , | TTnnrTp I bouses — from tnese prices we nuse a' r # ° * »
X New Voiles -The best makes, in _^ White India Linons, a reaUy desiraule make, « '' ;_J j I j j sti.l further reduction during this sale of 2O -ining rooms, libraries, halls and stairs— all sewed, lined as
solid co'ors and fancy nj-les, yard. ZOO wde, >^rd ""^ 3 ° * % 12 l Ac ittFfc&ASfh TJ JTJAl^l-Wtfr I per cent, and you may select any furni- and laid on your floor, per yard . . . '. yfr Ml m <m ZP
% : — - j JIWsS^^^Miill ture in this store-positively no restric- . \ .
i Sate $3.00 Mammock $1.95 t&££A* Saie Solid Copper anrJ
h' f\ r\ r -i . . ' E*-*^"^" partmenr To-day we speak of thc _. , - , __ _
t>' "if^* wnly ioo or them — not thc cheap flimsv kind i i \ l • £ • • I\W 2*mt**<±B \mammmtr* TnO Klnu USGu by
a ' f^^\ >^^ weave, in pretty colorings, with tufted lay. v ' ' etc arge '°* °^ tne ' m P or^ Gerrnan Rhem nickelware, comprising
i SZoMk*. <& back upholstered pillow, fancy pompons and '¦ , , . ': . .. ' , , , •,,,,„ ¦>> • 1 L:' A 1 *'' cooking utensils in all shapes and sizes— afternoon tea service cora-
S USScl8 ' dccp ruffl^ alaD «^oncca.edVader g^* leather c r «. strapped plete, trays, soup tureens, stew pans,
*I " " hcad * nd a 8hort cztra onc a t bead and Men's large < 12.75 Arm Chair to match*. . . . . $1 .25 roast pans, OVal platters for k a " <m 2// ?^ < X^Sv W^TFyft
v 1 foot — f u ii 84 inches long, a $3.00 hammock S«- 75 Straight Chair tu match, now .$7.OO fish, toothpick holders, butter pads, A /^ sWW^WSSffH
V that wiii .a>C several seasons, Monday Only «t# Q/r Leather upho stcrcd Sctrec- Span sh leather, green oak frame, instead of £15.00 now $2 mOO teaDOtS SU^irs and Creamers, etc.. \ Vfi'lfML/J ¦Il'^JllllM'H
i A complete hue of hammocks from 65c to $S. 5 o <£ EjIiS^E ? P : fT* f :.:S SS S« 16 V/4Kra&flHH
fc = — — — —^ — — — __________ ______ $12.75 Green Oak Ami Rocker, Spanish leather uphohtery S1O.75 percent nickel, that will last a life- (£$-J&\\ MlfSfl
>! f*g*c4 *Zr/rn*B*t*»~> Bmxrti —,*, 1BS** 81 1.50 Green Oak Arm Chair, Spanish leather npho'stery 50-2 / z > w<r> and always keep bright and U >• 33 JT jj« LTn»Oigi/
£ Ol?d< **ummer nuaukng MOG ch .d*s cradle, hard maple, 22x44 inches, wove wire springs, instead of {a.oo, now. .$1.60 c i ean besinninc Monday at an im-
»T JOUU ClOtn DOUnd bOOkS printed in gOOd type On gOOd *5-0° Ccmbination High Chair, can be rolled the same as a bu S gy, now ..... .$4.t)O $3.15 3-vint T« Pots.. $ 1.6 > |l.oo Toothpick or March Holder
Ji n a npr 70C) Hiff^rpnr fif Ioo o fpu/ nf U/hirh oro rrhr Q « K« 8.1C white enameled : ron crib. ..••.. v f6.60 *io.co 4-pece service.. $4.85 ;i 4»O
g paper airrerent titles, a rew or wnicn are given be- s . oo BraSi Cr ib, with good .^p . .«28.O' •¦ 7 s^stiineVt:. . . .360 .•;-•* 14.00 bditidoi coff« Poti . .
»¦ low, go on special sale to-morrow, each 15c. . . . Y / 4 .oo covered stew pans. ... $1.83
JC All Aboard-Ollver Opltc House of the Wolf-Weyman Vendetta— Marie Corelll TitO iWOHtiaV SHttl TiiCSti&y SStl<S ' •• " . * ' ' '' '..f t H^ S |».oo SoW Nkkel Creamers . .
I SSV-uiiir. E .. M1 Bffir« o saiSsa_r'. SSSrxBtiSS? 1 — Groceries and Lquors & s °ff:fpf^«s . • v«V T p S ° o
j g,rH2S2S3K5» c S RSSroSf^"- 1 - 1 ""^ !L"Sr»of'I53 a^,^" h™,-b s « h«™. .» 8 « «»=d .... ,30 bbo Us° S-g • • ?"° SoUJ Ste " P Sii
» California and Oregon Trail Rifle Rangers— Mayne Reid Little by Little— Optlo R,l,u;«'. r..» C n , n ,, har* «f /11 Sweet W^nes- Choice Tokay, Anie'.ica, Ma, $2,2O ' "«.*,.*/*** *„ .1 X
X Camllle— Alex Dumas Scarlet Leu«--Hawthorn« Martins of Cro' Martin Babbitt S Best boap— 23 bars .. $1.U J deira or Muscatel eal Sit OB | 2 .a5 per doren Stamped Butter J I. OO Solid Copper Bou Eon Cupt
t; ZSSm&SS&SSSi m &£3S£ m %£&%£$££*"* Catsup _ Snider's, pts., bottle . . . W O WI tXm»^top^ b^f /JfcSfl " Pads'. ..... . */./O • • • +9O\
£ V r^er^^7 D1Cken ' SiS 111 SlTrf^SSoWKS^ Royal Baking Powder-x-Ib. tin. .. 3 7o Wm. WilHam', Oid Scotch WhisKy-Bottle \ , ¦ "
Sk Doctor Rameau— Ohnet Tanslewocd Tales — Haw- Autocrat of Breakfast Table Ja P«» R ce - The best, 5 lbs 25O • 9iIO <?*»#*» CuVAMaf Q#irfAC f2trr*fz*in<2
$ ISiSn^'v-A^ JSU.B.tM- iS? n S 1 ?bi§Sr Do: "' L U cc,o,i-c,o ? = & B,ct» t ir,,, t .e»c oidNu»»whi.i>y-A &««*, a™*,, sale several styles curtains
$ gSygRgaSJ 1 " p ° toT ""'»- <3 ''"" **?**¦ 1 '* : : US TiJ^ !-oiil.toid™f &£ %f^ 'Not • Pair but What Is Worth One-ThW Moro
tt ¦ Vanilla Extract - BuneLfs, a-oz. bottles24c 28o 5-^ Hottinaham CvrtafaS" Copies of Bobbinet Uce Curtains— With renaissance
fc Vacation Watches and Jewelry J™* p ? a ;- choi 5. c !m Pi rted >*» • -{f© Cedar Run whisky-str«; g ht good,, jj. . rcal ijee,^ irhh p«m, Brussels j 0^ 00 f nd L ed !l wWte < oal7 * **
»• „ ... uj . i c * y l . . T ~^ . Best Fard Date* - For stuffing, Ib. . . f2o $2mOS , - T ', , . ' ,. lont, 50 laches wide, a $*.*$ vaine; be-
V GOOd Timekeeper $1.00— You will not Waist Sets— In buckle effects, the new fad, Kona Coffee-O« celebrated Hawaiian brand Ginger A!e - Cantel and Cockrane, doren . . and Novelty, designs, colors white ginning Monday, pair $1.65
I want to take your good watch fish- «crUng ,Uver and gold-filled . . . 2 5o up Ib. . . Wo ... . $USO and ecru— Lace Sash NeHInt-Ecn, color open mesh
£ ine and hunting, and probably the Hat Pins— Sterling silver, extra length, Best Evaporated Apricots- a lbs . . 2*G Schiller's Best Tonic Milt-Dor . .$1.65 6octi1uci, paTr .... 44o ,6 inches wide, ral« zoc irarifsab price
I boy will need awateh during vaca. strong and durabie . . . / 5 J up Best Western. Corn-D ,:fUW fW O Apricot Brandy -Cho 1C e after d.nner co,d,al 7$c val pair . . . 64o ?* .^ .!. . / \.l%
fc . '. „ , • j j . u vT-"n- r , j . "**¦• u r Bourbon Whisky— Kentucky Belle, full qts., fettle . S5C $ 1. as values, pair . . . Q9o . **
* uon time. Here s a ««n-wind and stem. Stock Tie Pin.-In pearl and v.olet effects . . . ' T - n»* W - Th~ H/oiA/ So Ciaaf $*-°° vli ««. P» 5 ' • S1.49 La« Bed Spreads-White and Arabian color,
£ jet, thin nickd watch, fully («»nt^, 16o, 2$ C > ' °Jn* iTc* M»?U*<* ZJ-!? ™™ ««»» Curtains -Colored stripe in motif b/ center, the boUter «rparable;
J' for - &1.UU Ladies* Gun Metal Watch Chains, studded with % MU.TOi* dZOO all tltlS WBBK ruiflej ? yard| bng> j aua der nicely;- deep Bonne Fems>e ralance, ftxU size only.
tf Nickel Watch Chains. .. 25O *nd SOC brilliant and fancy stones : $J. 5 Q t0 $q ;j $1.25 Box of 50~$2.50B6x of 100 X regularly |i. 50, sale price. ... $1.08 «hic J7.00, special sale price .. 55.0*7
W«ra«y<l y^k<',< A*A'A*A WA'AAt *'*A'*'*'AA***'4WA '*A***4'4 'AW*** k^atirtaji^^y,!^^^ '4'A'aWA* WrtMMti* 'A'aWA-A'AAWA'AA *A'A'A-A'A *'A'A'AA* 'A*-A'A**A'4*A'AWA*A WC'4W<i< *'A'A'A*AAWAA'Att'4W&A'4'4 ****** ******* WtW
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
TEE EHPOBTU3C
THE EMPORIUM.Pretty girls of all sizes and ages
attended an entertainment given yes
terday afternoon by the Girls' Club of
the College Settlement at the club
house, 262 Seventh street. The pro
gramme rendered by members of the
KNTERTAtXMENT GIVEN*
BY THE GIRLS' CLUB
tate so many ups and downs in life.
He had completed his last voyage Fri
day evening, he says, and was . wend
ing his way homeward when the ac
cused and two of their messmates over
hauled him at Fulton street and Fourth
avenue and beat him full sore. As the
attack did not take place on the lake
it could not be classified as mutiny and
he perforce charged his assailants with
battery. Judge Mogan will hear the
testimony Monday.
The Girls' Club, under the gnidance
of Miss R. Wolf son. haa over 100
members and: does noble work In tha
neighborhood. The members of the
club are volunteer workers, the funds
being- obtained by subscription. An
encouraging sign was the presenca of
many strangers at the entertainment.
and a f6ur-act sketch by members ot
the Chi Sigma Chi fraternity, with
exceptional musical selections by Miss
Phyllis de Young and Miss Fan Zwe
rin. The entertainment \vas for the
benefit of the children of the neigh
borhood within one block of the club.
The % rooms were very tastefully dec
orated with flowers. The library was
especially attractive. In this Is a fine
bit of work by Arthur Putnam, the
California scujptor, and a memorial
window to Professor Le Conte. Re
freshments were served during tha
afternoon.
Fritz credited the denial and said "five
dollars or five days."
"Aw," said Mr.- England, "w'en do
Oi get it, ye know?" / . .
"Get what?" \he Judge, inquired.
"The— aw— the money, ye know; the
five dollahs."
The cuiirt looked mystified until Bail
iff Conlan ascertained from the de
fendant that he expected to be paid
five dollars for serving five days.
"But 01 soi, old chap, 'tain't propah,
ye know," Mr. England protested, when
informed that in his case time wasn't
money.
• • *
C. J. Klotz, commodore of the Chutes
fleet, alleges ho was assaulted by two
of his subordinate boatmen, William
Bulk and William White, because he
declined to join them in quitting the
service and seeking employment at
some vocation which did not neceasi-
After the prisoners had been taken
from the courtroom a key that would
open handcuffs was found In a cuspidor
in front of the dock, where Ballard had
evidently thrown it. This explained the
mystery of how he got free, and now
the deputy sheriffs are wondering
where he got the key.
follow them. Duffy threw him back
and told Conlon that Ballard had es
caped from the chain gang. When they
reached the prison Ballard made a bold
showing of injured innocence before
Doorkeeper Burke, but was told to take
a seat and behave himself. Meantime
the deputy sheriffs had missed Ballard
and were hunting over the building for
him when they were informed that he
wa3 in the prison. When they were
talcing: him down to the courtroom he
said. "It's Just like my luck not to get
away."
Ballard was to appear for sentence
on a charge of robbery, but his attor
ney made a motion for a new trial and
the argument was continued till next
Saturday. He held un Thomas Cronan.
a Ptranprer, on Clay street on the night
of October W and robbed him of $30.
Two nassengrers left the elevator at
Ui6 third floor and Ballard started to
Thfr*' were righteen prisoners in the
re:is. in rharge of Deputy Sheriffs
Mbiert. Brophy and Kingsley. Just as
the gang was passing the elevators to
£(? upstairs from the second to the third
floor Duffy observed Ballard pars nib
handcuffs to the prisoner opposite him
and crourh Gown to **lin away. Duffy
grabbed him by the collar and throw
ing him into the elevator oage said.
"You're fox;*, ain't you?" liallard put
on en air of indignation and replied,
•'What do you moan? I want to go
jflown."* He made a threatening move
ment toward Puffy, but Just then Po
liceman Conlon of Judge Fritz's court
Stepped late the cage anfi Duffy pulled
the lever.
Frank Ballard. alia? Allen Dale, a no
toriucs crook, who hap served several
term.* in State's rrison. escaped on the
teeo'nd floor of the Hall of Justice from
the chain gang that was being taken
from tho County Jail to Judge Dunne's
court yesterday morning, but was
v.as promptly co'.lared by Peter Duffy.
one of the elevator men. and thrown
into the lift.
?
Frank BaUard, Ex-Convict,
Mips Off His Handcuffs
in the Hall* of Justice
MAKES BREAK
FOR LIBERTY
Harry G. England, a native of the
tight little Island whose name he bears,
exhibited a swollen face and a remark
able ignorance of American police
court process. He said the facial en
largement had been effected by the fist
of Policeman Tiilman, who arrested
him for drunkenness, but the officer
denied the impeachment and Judge
A soldier named William Pluss fell
through a shop window in Chinatown
and was roundly abused by the Celes
tial proprietor of the property, who
permitted his wrath to lead him into
profane denunciation of the entire
United States army. Patriotic impulse
on the part of Judge Fritz rebuked the
complainant by discharging the de
fendant.
Private William Ratchford of
the Tenth Infantry will be confined
to barracks for six months. He as
saulted a. policeman at the Presidio
and when the case was called before
Judge Fritz an officer, Captain McDon
ald, asked that the defendant be turned
over to the military authorities for pun
ishment, which winild not be less than
half a year's deprivation of liberty to
leave the military reservation..' The
complaining policeman was willing and
the court so ordered.
"I would give you six months, Mr.
Roach," said Judge Mogan, "only "I'm.
afraid that before half that period has
expired the anger of this little woman
will yield to hunger and she will ask
for your release. But you might as
well make up your mind right now to
serve every minute of the three months
I have ordered for you."
James F. Roach will serve thre«
months in jail for battery and failing
to provide for his wife and five chil
dren.
• • • . • \
Ida Wilson, vagrant, was informed
by her sisters in incarceration that If
she allowed Judge Fritz to dispose of
her case she might as well make lip her
mind to snend all the glad summer
months in the County Jail, and that if
they were In her place they would de
mand a jury trial. Ida harkened to
the counsel, and when she appeared in
court did as suggested. Hi» Honor
aslced why, but she wouldn't tell him,
and he continued her case one week,
which would probably have been the
limit of her punishment if she had
pleaded guilty. Then one of the other
female prisoners explained to the bail
iff how Ida, had been "jollied."
felxteen'-year-old Frank McCarthy
burglarized a rabbitry in the Mission
and feloniously abstracted therefrom
three Belgian hares, and as Judge Ca
baniss was considering whether he
would better send the boy to a reform
school a sad-looking man appeared and
informed him that his wife and the
defendant's mother was ill and likely
to die before nightfall. So the case was
hurriedly dismissed and father and son
hastened from the courtroom.
name— notified Judge Mogan. by letter
that pressing social engagements pre
vented her appearance for trial on the
charge of vagrancy and that he could
do as he pleased with the ?5 w.hich she
had deposited as ball money. The'casA
was declared forfeited, and Bailiff
Hickey and other court attaches gulped
the disappointment occasioned by de
privation of an opportunity to see how
a real society lady would deport her
self as a defendant in the Police Court.
For ever eince her arrest for drunken
ness one' evening about two weeks ago
at Market and Fifth streets it has been
Hall of Justice gossip that MrB. de Hop
plrouttes upon the topmost pinnacle of
the upper crust and that revelation of
her identity would create a sensation
such as has not agitated the haut ton
in many, many years.
Mrs. B. de Hop— which' is not her
Judge Fritz dismissed the charge of
libel against F. Deloso on motion of the
prosecuting attorney, who explained
that the complainant , recently died.
Deloso was accus ed of circulating in
the Italian colony a printed circular
that reflected unfavorably upon the
character of the deceased.
On Natoma street, in the 400 block,
it was that Peter McGrath disturbed
the domestic amenities by casting a
stone matchbox at the head of his
wife, Rebecca, because she declined to
give him the pecuniary rewards of her
liquor-selling. It was the third offense
of that kind for which Peter had been
arrested, and it was probably the in
timidatory reprimand administered by
Judge Mogan on his second appearance
that prompted him yesterday to request
a jury trial. He will get it, and the
date is to be set next Tuesday.
Jim Donahue came down ffom the
mines to visit his brother Jack's fam
ily, at 75 Natoma street, and he was
flourishing a forty-five Colt and threat
ening to shoot up the household when
Special Officer. Thaney disarmed and
arrested him. t>
"Jim's a good man when he's sober,"
said Brother Jack to Judge Mogan,
"and I hope you'll let him down easy."
"Your etiquette may be alj right at
the mines," said his Honor to Jim,
"but It conflicts with the Natoma street
code. Better convey it back to the
auriferous regions."
Henry Scheller was very drunk when
he grabbed an empty pistol from the
b&ck bar of a Brannan street saloon
and ran along • that thoroughfare
brandishing the weapon and frighten
ing people. "Where are the darned —
hie — R^oahans?" he yelled. "Set 'em
up an' I'll mow 'em — hlc — downl'*
It was explained to Judge Cabanisa
that the defendant had been discussing
the Jap-Slav imbroglio as he imbibed,
and that the more whisky he drank the
more thoroughly he became convinced
that It was his duty to slay as many
subjects of the Czar as he could find.
The case is under judicial advisement.
For disturbing the police that guard
ed the door of Woodward's Pavilion
while the Nelpon-Canole prizefight was
In progress Harry Maynard.* janitor of
the building, will be sentenced to-mor
row by Judge Mogan. "Disturbing the
peace" was the charge registered
ngcinst the defendant, but he laughed
It to scorn. •
"How could I have disturbed the
peaco," he asked, "with two men ham
mering each- othpr in the ring and the
crowd yelling like a band of Indians?"
The Judgt> pronounced him guilty of
disturbing the peace by insisting on
escorting some of hla ticketless friends
into the pavilion.
Walsh's penitential mood suddenly
pave way to unseeming anger, but he
discreetly gulped it.
Then he glanced narrowly at the
countenance of the^ court to see if his
words and manner' had created a fa
vorable impression.
" 'Tis even as you say," was the re
sponse. "In this department we deal
above the board and never shift the
cut. As to curing the whisky habit,
my recommendation is not backed by
personal experience. It is that you do
not try to indulge in surreptitious tip
pling during the thirty days you are
now sentenced to spend in the County
Jail."
"Because," he explained, "I know
that if a square deal is to be obtained
in this Hall of Justice I'm in the right
shop to get it. It's true I was drunk,
and I'm glad of this opportunity to ask
fof your advice. What would you rec
ommend as a cure for the whisky
habit?"
M. J. Walsh smiled kindly upon
Judge Cabaniss and expressed pleasure
at meeting him again.
His Honor ignored the proposal and
took Mr. Piper's case under advisement.
"Wot gits me a guessin'," said Louis
Piper (colored) to Judge Mogan, "is de
identity ob de pusson wet put dem yah
lottery tickets in dis yah pocket ob
mine. Bet yo" fo' dollahs I'se been job
bed."
Dr. Amiel certified that as the two
knife wounds in Mrs. Lefevre's head
were made with a non-Eterilized knife
there is possibility of blood poisoning,
that she has developed pneumonia, that
she Is injured internally to an extent
that cannot now be exactly determined
ind that she is in a state of nervous
prostration. He fears fatality from
the combined effects of septicemia and
pneumonia.
The two women were engaged in a
duel at the residence of Adolph Beth,
709 Cole street, when Mrs. Lefevro re
ceived her injuries. She was armed with
a scissors, while her opponent's weapon
was a large carving knife. Mrs. Speak
man emerged from the conflict with
only a cut finger. They fought from
the parlor to the kitchen ere they were
separated. Each tells a different story
of how the fight originated, but they
agree that Mrs. Speakman objected to
the attention paid by Adolph Beth, her
father, to Mrs. Lefevre, his house
keeper.
Mrs. Speakman shot and killed her
first husband, William F. Mantel, five
and a half years ago, in Oakland, and
was acquitted. Her present spouse is
employed in a poolrc-om at Sausalito,
and her father is proprietor of the Old
Louvre at Market and O'Farrell
streets.
specially engaged tq prosecute Mrs.
Speakman. On the strength of the
surgeon's statements as to Mrs. Le
fevre's condition, Mr. Drury asked that
Mrs. Speakman's cash bail of 5100 be
increased to a sum more commensurate
with the seriousness of her position,
end the court, ordered that she. appear
Monday to show cause why the prose
cution's reauest should net be com
plied with. The charge against her
is assauU to commit murder.
Mrs. Clara Lefevre, who was slashed
with a carving knife wielded by ?Mrs.
Anna Soeakman last Thursday, is in
danger of succumbing to her Injurlos.
according to a certificate from Dr.
Amiel read to Police Judge Mogan yes
terday by Attorney Frank G. Drury,
— — , . . . v .
Mrs. Clara Lefevre's Physician Reports Her in
Critical Condition and Attorney Drury Asks
That Mrs. Anna Speakman's Bail Be Increased
WO M E N 'S D U E L M AY R E S U LT
IN DEATH OF PARTICIPANT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 22. 1004
26
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
W Schlitz Beer Is Just This — : M
'im Barley — selected by a partner in our concern — from the best «»
m barley that grows. And we malt it ourselves. . pf
I Hops — brought in large part from Bohemia — selected by our I
! buyers from the finest hops in the world. 11
J Water from six artesian wells bored 1400 feet to rock. w
I Just-a food and a tonic— brewed with the extreme of cleanliness I
§ — cooled in filtered air— sterilized after it is sealed. Ij
1 Schlitz; beer is pure, because our process is cleanly, and \t
M because the beer is filtered, then Pasteurized. jl
m It does not ferment on the stomach, because it is aged — aged. Ii
|m for months in refrigerating rooms before it is marketed. II
I^l It is a health drink without germs in it. It gives you beer with- Jfi
a 0 out biliousness. Ask for the brewery M
M J^^ JW M^^^^^ %^^tfa^^^ l8i 4 *** <e *— SHERWOOD & SHERWQOD-Swi tr^tw^ . || !2,
The BeerJhat Md<Jc Milwaul^fenmu^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
This is really our of tlie most
fetching full page inul-
tllilc color pictures 'of
a bcnutitul girl In a
new bathing: suit that
has over been primed
in the West.
JU.VE CALKXDAK GIRL.
SEE TIIK PHOTOUUAPH.
5EE PAGES
41 to 47. •
A BUSINESS CHANCES. MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
\\ T O L E. T FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED,
tfS* HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
7 J TIONS WANTED. HELP WANTED. AND A THOU-
fj^-4 SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
PAGES 4i TO 47 INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
ADV^EKTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Iu 8 8 S 0 H f I * Wti jA fa a t gggfy %\ t
IQfiA W.IJ.W |/14M»/C/ Sai Francsco
[ r v m Tf BATHING SUITS
p tt££4Kfe* '-'"^ ¦' The larg«t variety ever shown in
I U '*:- sf£F\jl!* ! Ladies' Suiti *g .50 tD S2S. CO
i w y} Gir - S ' Su'k S» 2 to B.^.OO
_ . «?*%t i^^*Vv ¦. x>u \ Mta ',* Sxi } tl 75c to $8.O 1
i^^fe iSlS&X, '• AI " IpS ' ho€St Bath R° bc>t ' Water kings', e'c
W&W8&** '^ SPECIAL THIS WEEK
' 250 Ladles* Wool Alpaca Suit*, sailor collars;
jS§~Bj& : - :t<^^i Fnr Outdoor w:
**S^»rWsiB^-r^- i -- VSs8^ Ladle** Knit Jackets. Tarn* and 0 itlng Hals;
i'VSS^S^SB^^Mti^Q Men's and Boys' Sweaters. Jerse ¦ s rind caps.
Also Supplies for Tennis, Yachting, BasTbalV etc.
IPfister's UNDERWEAR for Men and Women
Llauret - Pure Linen I Viiluret - Pure Wool
Xyloret- Pure Lisle | Bombyrct- Pure Silk
Is made lo Bait all seasons aad climes, fits ths form and combines
"Comfort and Heath." .
I Union=Southern
Q*X«« Travel in Peace. S§1
•m Rcadv to Enjoy Every Minute. . 'lSfP|f Bf
I Through Pullman Cars Hi |
'^g S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. U. P. R. R.
te£\ Or Southern Pacific Agents.
BP n¥UtIC?T I TrWF^" tie
S$ rj&r~~ SAUT LAKE ICMEYLNKE V CHICACO* g|
| ENJOY YOUR I
/t\l ii l^\ VACATION. I
I / rNi^TPH^^ " ' \ Get a cool, comfortable pair of M
| fl / (§J<Kv '""^^ 1 Ladies' Drab Canvas Shoes at the Pi
H 8 A [rf$S> E R'ghtway this week for |1
H V /^^ — W Men's White Canvas Lace Shoes 9
ij Li ii m i an«l Oxfords; this week, lfl.4O. g
3 We have a large variety of out- p
u "^*^aojBs«s«^^ ing shoes for men, women and g
[J Cannot be duj.liratcd elsewhere for children and our prices' are riRht. H
\\ out-third more. Sec our windows. i«
II pnorrrs seabed with ted customer*?. \%
[j SHOE CO- X ~ — — — I
V OMCI 4\1 Dl IJI niMn 812-814 MARKET ST. M
h PnfcLAN oUiLuliNvJ d-ii ofarrbll st. I
Vi». 11— j \ xncir Tricnos. ..
UPHOLSTERY RE-COVERED -figS^g^
Ours is about the only store in town that makes its own mattresses and up- ri^C TCg^g^JT^C^fS^JrV vi
holst?ry — has a five-story building for the purpose. I Pw'*f?Vv?vs*&» N^^*«VT7 *J 9
We re-cover old upholstery — make it look as good as new. '' esfeyL^iaAfr _jrAiA-j vtl Ii
We'll send a man with sample* to give you an estimate. % FJSP WUJjt^n fffil EJ^sgT S
Costs but little and you'll be delighted with the results. ™ *S ¦ c,* fpSSj Sft H Kn fl
A Good Couch for $7.50 / \| MANTEL FOLDING BED, $17.75
, A very good couch! 20 tempered steel OAri^ctnl ' * Mad* of hard wood throuffiiont.
springs, stoutly fastened. Canvas lining. rcuwiai, A gtrong, trell-made Folding B«d
Made plain, without . tufting— a style Ci At\ Pai" Of Tflbe, 52.29 that doe« not require a tnm Ufa
of construction that can not be slighted. 3>«5.4U ••"»"• • • •> ? lngurance policy to sell It
Oak frame with carved clatr feet. . o ullrt . r ...- e< i « Jh &» «uirt«rl Woven wire 1» of double teacture.
¦ The coverings are particularly pleas- Quarter-wwed *old- Inch *«». ¦««•£«; rh9 bed me *aure9 S feet and 3
ing. deep green solid color at the sides. *« <** or »*n°***- "rhosinuVd birch. Inches In length, inside mea*ur«-
wlth a floral pattern running down the *»•* birch. Polish Thft 1^^1*1. four- ment. Long enough for a tall
center of -the couch. . nniffc. dollar kind. man.
r\ _^ , —^^BMi^fc^ 1
Iff PD^Pi «v~-* The ParIdr Su!t » $39.00
\ <IPli*§i //I II- if f "*- n JFfVi A " n * ar Perfection aa upholsterers" bVHI e*n produce.
V S^4&yfrZi III ' CT~* » §9 3 1 Seat* are upholatered in rich silk tapestrles-ra c»r«rla*
TO ' jtfr ft<3 "*fp ~^ f fc^' vi of cours?. there U only en? Kind or fiillnr to «» witii
/rbwopwiwwHal 'ml F l^Tl euoh coverings — th« very best of hair.
[j T *L1 Drt«.C*»«* n; M /ll\ Th * broad -panels In th« back are renulne mahogany.
DOXiJcalL/lIl- • j 1
. |l|l|lpp^j*l ing Chairs, Tabonrelte $150 Furnishes Four Rooms.
ik^SJ -^f^S^E?^ Si 65 loDOnrCllC, rurnl«h«» them in «xc<nmt tart*. Good. tubstanUal
' il^i ~ TT ¦ir' 1 1 i 1 j~T' '.. «**w furnitur-— furniture tha« YOC would like. BirfU»y« ma-
-f^tTJii-M yJLiT"" ~_* ' Made Of golden yoc . pi e j n the bedroom, Richmond . ranee In the kltehan.
iFjsB*?! T £ TtsSn'r oak - cane Seats. ,-,„,,,_„ __,, Shown In the mod>l mttare built In th* flrst floor of our
, WP tlWlft Stylish. graceful. Golflen ° aK store. Welcora-. looking or buying.
t f T ' W*k yT' chairs liretlme anixed $150 AKS A YEAS'B TIKE TO PAT XT X3T.
<• Sa T gf Wgi is,! sjj, a || §§| E§ or aUs flljNil 1 Rl]'] eg
q;h<=> Rri«i»H £11 7^ Kfiv <y%a Eg&p Ei r M ea I f^sTta wiflj'i^n nil f m ittii A iVu i #31
oicie isoara, «jm. <o i«k v Wa eHs fl &Lu 0 a I a yWrnpfrffyM
Built of golden Ash. fflHT^ M Vm A A. ¥" jT M hi »^ JkHl] ll/'ulfffl-'
Top is 42 inches tvido. BWflMj^SrCEwiBft^UAQjJ'jro/^LlLlBOiMt'SBJ'XfL^
The two upper drawers ffiSBwfe^^P^HMWonfpsKHBfln^
curve o\itwnrd — serpent- ga W . \- J f psf V ¥jf M .^1 f A J*$W -A, _FBwSaSSH T % ttsi \t I h&JmlmB&l&ltl
ln<? shape. Mirror is a K?j I j Kv w v * 1 ' J 1 sB M Kt^TiI 1 1 1 Ft CS3r • I I iti E*\ a£n
beveled plate, 14x24 inch- w^B^k.an^StiinSlmh\ r nTbiVifwl <nn\ ufmrnmr^in JJm^I m JmtAiMMnilmmn^PtMJmtoSJfiftThe shoe store of George Hall, 3004
Mission street, was entered by burglars
early yesterday morning through one
of the windows. The store was thor
oughly ransacked for money and sev
eral pairs of shoes stolen. Later Po
licemen Connell and Naylor arrested
Joseph Kelly and Frank Callahan on
suspicion and locked them up in "the
tanks" at the City Prison pending de
velopments.
Burglars Visit Shoe Store.
Surgeon P. G. Roositer is detached
from duty at the naval recruiting: sta
tion at Baltimore and assigned to the
naval station at Honolulu, Hawaii, to
sail from San Francisco June 4.
Aspiration always seeks service.
The "West of Castro Street Improve
ment Club has petitioned the Board of
Supervisors to place the proposed
salt water reservoir on Twin Peaks In
stead of on Telegraph Hill.
Site for Salt Water Reserrolr.
American navel oranges are retailed
In Bordeaux, France, at four cents
apiece.
Washington Departments Issue Sev
eral Assignments to Army and
Navy Officers.
WASHINGTON, May 21.— Orders of
the War Department:- First Lieutenant
Andrew C. Wright, Twelfth Infantry,
now at Brooklyn on leave of absence,
wftli report to the , commanding gen
eral of the Department of the East
for assignment to duty with a detach
ment of recruits to be sent from Fort
Slocum to 'San Francisco. Upon the
completion 'of his duties with the re
cruits, Lieutenant Wright wilt. proceed
to Join his regiment in the Philippines.
Orders for navy, officer: Assistant
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Los Angeles visitors are greatly
pleased with the fine exhibit of their
county and those of the others south
of Tehachapl. The Immense walnuts
shown by Los Angeles attract as much
attention as anything else in her va
ried display; Everything has been ar
ranged with an artistic skill and beau
ty of design that have .brought many
compliments to Commissioner Wiggins
and Charles Wilson, his assistant, who
hav« paid particular attention to this
installation. They are old hands at the
business, and invaluable to the Los
Angeles" boomers. They never lose their
skill in this line, for, like the politi;
clan, Los Angeles never closes one cam
paign but she begins the next. When
one exposition ends she is framing her
plans for the one to come and the-re
sult is always a rich and. beautiful dis
play, shown to the very best; advan
tage. Los Angeles was ready when the
fair opened, because -experience; -had
taught those having her: interests in
charge to begin early, and with .plans
worked out to the last mural peanut.'/
, The; facade of the Los Angeles'ex
hibit is constructed^ so as to -exactly
match that: of the entire California sec-
dow sill— but you must give us some
thing so we can register by ourselves."
She also said that the fact that there
would be a resister fpr Stanford at the
California building had already been
published in the Stanford paper and
that after that the commissioners Just
couldn't deny her request.
Filcher gave in and wrote Miss Alla
bach that he would provide' for Stan
ford. The California building has the
card system of registration, the visi
tors* cards, containing names and ad
dresses being dropped in lettered draw
ers. Commissioner Filcher will reserve
one drawer for Stanford.
LOS ANGELES DISPLAY. -
BUTTE, Mont., May 21.— In a miser
able hovel on South .Arizona street,
Mrs. John Kelly, wife of a former
prominent Alderman of Butte, lies
dying. For days Mrs. Kelly has lain
in the little shanty that she calls home
without food, money or friends.
The police to-day found her moaning
with pain and tossing on her little
rickety bed. Mrs. Kelly's recent illness
is due to a fight that she had with a
neighbor several days ago. She was hit
on the head with a broomstick and
was fatally Injured.
' Mrs. Kelly to-day is more than 60
year$ of age. Years ago she was con
sidered a belle and the center of life
in Butte when this city was but a rough
mining camp.' Her | husband was well
known to all of the oldtimers here.
Wife of a Former Alderman of
Butte Is Dyinff in a Hovel
of That City.
ONCE A BELLE BUT
NOW A MENDICANT
tion, green background, peanut trim
mings, oranges and all. ; This causes
Los Angeles to blend harmoniously
with the State's part of the wprk and
gives a pretty effect.
Commissioner Wiggins is especially
proud of Mr. Wilson and the latter*s
skill at installation. "Why, I took him
off a farm ten years ago, and look at
what he can do now," said Wiggins
proudly one day to some visitors who
were admiring the exhibit. "He's a
genius." ¦
Henry C. Keyes, treasurer and secre
tary of the Sacramento Natural Gas
Company; F. W. Keisel, cashier of the
California State Bank at Sacramento;
Ralph Lowe of San Jose, one of the
State Normal School trustees; E. F.
Mitchell of Fresno, journal clerk of the
United States Senate and whose mother
.conducts the Hotel Oliver in San Fran
cisco,, and Mrs. L. J. Harding of San
Francisco, are among the visitors to
the fair.
W. S. Melick of the State Board of
Examiners is here representing the
Governor and will make an inspection
of all State exhibits and the books of
the commission.
Stanford University is to have a sys
tem by which the alumnae may be
brought in touch at the World's Fair.
A special registration privilege at the
California building has been, secured
through the perseverance and energy
of Mies Lucy Allabach of Des Moines,
who simply would not be turned down.
She wrote to Commissioner Filcher,
making request for a desk and register
in the California building for Stan
ford. Filcher wrote her that he would
be pleased to accommodate her and
Stanford, but that if all the requests
for desks be granted there would be
no room in the building to permit vis
itors to get around and see the paint
ings. Miss Allabach' wrote back a note
of the "don't you dare to say no"
variety and said "Give us anything, a
hook on the wall, a place on the win-
Telegrams have been exchanged be
tween Mr. Furlong and Superintendent
Barr of the Stockton School Depart
ment, and they are making 1 every ef
fort to trace the missing cabinets. These
will probably wander into, the fair at
some future day, or are probably right
now on the grounds In some car that
has been "misswitched* or improperly
billed.
STANFORD REGISTRATION.
Every day this week has been re
ception day at the California building,
Commissioners Wiggins and Filcher,
Secretary Willis, Mrs. Wiggins, Mrs.
Willis and Miss Pringle, stenographer
to the commission, being assisted in ex
tending cou/tesies by the wives of the
county commissioners, among the lat
ter being Mrs. Colvin B. Brown, Mrs.
W. H. Weilbye and Mrs. H. F. Ellis.
A search through the medium of the
telegraph is being made for six cabi
nets containing the work of pupils of
the Stockton public schools. These cabi
nets, like many other parts of exhibits
shipped to the fair, have gone astray
owing to the confusion that must exist
during the rush to get material to the
front. The failure of these cabinets to
arrive has caused a great deal of per
turbation on the part of Mr. Furlong,
in charge of California's educational
display, for they form one of the prin
cipal features of Stockton's exhibit,
which Mr. Furlong is greatly pleased
with. He says it is probably the best
of all the excellent educational displays
sent from California. The main fea
tures of the Stockton material are forty
bound volumes showing the work of the
pupils through the various grades, step
by step. Mr. Furlong is enthusiastic
enough to say that these volumes
form an invaluable addition to educa
tional literature. They also confain
forty monographs, pamphlets by teach
ers on simple subjects showing meth
ods employed.
ST. LOUIS, May 2L— The arrival dur
ing the week of tha State Board of
Trade and the Press Association has
given California the greatest repre
sentation she has yet had at the fair.
Wherever you go about the grounds
this week you meet Californians view-
Ing the wonders, for they are energetic
sightseers and few things escape them,
even though their stay be brief. Cali
fornians, like the rest of the world,
will never learn that no universal ex
position is ready on its opening day,
nor perhaps for thirty days thereafter,
and consequently some of the Golden
State tourists were a little disappoint
ed, but there is enough as the fair
stands— and it is nearer ready than any
other exposition has been the same
length of time after the opening— to
hold the marveling attention of all.
Though they are not seeing all there
will be to see in two weeks more, the
Californians have about all they could
wish to entertain them.
Something of an unfortunate contre
temps, and one which caused the press
delegation a great deal of discomfort,
occurred upon its arrival at the Inside
Inn, where the visiting newspaper men (
were to stop. The inn management
claims the mistake was due to mislead
ing telegrams, but the journalists lay
the blame upon the inn people. E. B.
Willis, secretary of the California com- |
mission, who Is also secretary of the
Press Association, had contracted for
accommodations for eighty people at
the inn. When the newspaper party
arrived at the place there were no
rooms for them. Only a certain num
ber of apartments in the structure were
ready for occupancy. The rain was fall
ing and the press people didn't have a
cheerful prospect before them, but the
gentlemen in the party hustled and
soon secured accommodations down
town. Neither the cheerless reception
at the inn nor the falling rain could
dampen the ardor of the press repre
sentatives, and many of, them were
about the grounds during the afternoon
and night. '; «;,*
CALIFORNIANS ENTERTAIN.
By PAUL EDWARDS.
Visitors Are Somewhat Dis
* appointed Because All the
Exhibits Areltfot in Place
DISPLAY GEEAT ENERGY
Very Few Things Escape the
Notice of the Sightseers
From the Golden State
CALIF0RNIANS
AT EXPOSITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, MAY 22. 1904.
27
A well located lodging-house
provides a good Income.
Qnlte a few nicely sitnated
are advertised to-day.
Read the list of LODGING-
HOUSES FOR SALE. N
Our Expansion Sale Bargains Are the Topic of Shrewd Shoppers.
Exclusive Styles Place Our Pomestics-coods to Give Splendid Line of Samrner ValuesLiKeThcse Are Making
__; , "¦•¦- . t, j Attraction to the Home Wash Waistings Now Ready — — — — —
Women'sGarmentsmDemand ™» H ese beautiful house fur- rp he,^arm^ weather has cw- the Reputation of This Store
WHEN we ordered these garments j | nishings^are good at any | ated a great- demand for / r^ UR s lendid dres s goods and s{Tk de .
special thought was given to getting time. If not required just these goods, but notwith- I) payments present some very attractive I
the most chic styles. The result of at present they should be bought standing that we are marking V^r features for to . morrow » s business The
chat planning is shown every day by the at these very low prices and laid prices that will crowd our materials are dependab i c and the prices abso .
pleased customers that we fit. The move to aside for the future. counters. lutely the lowest. '^1
occupy our entire building has necessitated ¦• BATH TOWELS. i5c a ?™W?he and colored SILKS
reductions on all of the garments, SO that the threa^rTuTk^'L^^eTs^whiJe Irish Amities' with des1gn?of scrolls, \ 5Sc a yard-Fancy silks for shirt waist salts In I
Swellest may now be had for very little money. O nly. Worth 25c. ' pin and cluster dots, stripes, cubes, brown, Rreen, cardinal and gun metal ground. AU^
TAILORED SUITS. . COLORED BEDSPREADS. «*¦> in effective combinations. Worth are regular 75c jnd 85c.
i?7.45 and J?ll.J>5_Thereare about 150 suits $1.5O_Light blue and pink Mar- $c a yard. cloth for coats and full JSS£-^washes'and^launders
in this lot; all handsomely tailored and in every seilles -bedspreads for double beds. \ n ZEPHYR GINGHAMS. J £h force f'J ™ J" 1 washes md launder. (
desirable color and style. Regular values $1500 to The colors are fast and there is noth- 12/ 2 c- a yard— We have the most ntccl^j )c 3e "ard-21-inch^Taoanese silk in white onlv
sent New York's choicest styles of the season. $1.4? a pair— A. broken line of fine stri .P cs « checks, mottled effects^ and ones nave now a cnancc 10 secure
They are made of etamines, voiles, cheviots, broad- lace curtains in pretty "and up-to-date solid colors. 75c a yard— »-inch black taffeta, a guaranteed '
cloths in colors of blue, brown, tan, gray; plain and designs. Only two and three pairs of HENRIETTA. s ji k . £ u jj o f " sw j s h" and an extra heavy quality,
fancy mixtures, including blacks. They are most a kind. Regular $2.00 and $2.50 values. 10c a yard — New Henrietta waist- * r»PF<;<? GOOD*? Colored.
beautifully trimmed, also plain, with or without TINSEL CREPES. ings of fine finish; white grounds with 5g vard-Stinch navy" mohair with white
military capes. These are the finest values of the 8l4c a yard _ Light bluCf pink> ,. neat an d pretty designs. Can be made cloth a?dPirS?s .well Welave
season. Sold regularly at $32.50, $33.00 and $40.00. lo d ark green, red, Nile, lavender up without lining and washes well. g°^ a j « « JhK material rkhTalon? at 8^
WASHiSUITS^AND SKIRTS. and white grounds with pretty colored ORGANDIES. bccn .J e^ m \ vi r d^o-inch Scream storrrserce for
$2.50, $3.4r>, up to Sd.OS-No better values designs and gold tinsel worketi in. 35c* a yard-72-inch French or- coat fand skirts
ever shown in wash suits, and our line is most com- Suitable \ for mantle drapes, throws, gandic; fine and sheer in all beautiful * Black. *
pletc. They are regular $.1.00. $5.00 to $10.00 values. screens, etc. shades. ' 43c a yard— 36-inch corded black batiste, an all-
OSc—A splendid black duck skirt in all the — — — - - — j finfi w £ summer wear. It sheds dust
newest summer styles; worth $1.50. Others varying |Vi(m\«fc\7-^A\/l!«<r Pr*eeSffci1lfrf AC f\T TKlQ and looks well
in price up to ?3.5O; worth double. JTIOney-OaVing rOSSiPUltieS OI lniS ™* hemstitched black mohair.
* JACKETS. % . , M4T*11* ¦ €* '1 tiMii «> «^ I- J a cool material for warm climates. It has neat
h iE h^ 9 d 5 e¦c!^t 5 do1h¦?»^aS d a „ ? d 11 b.fc^ r J I a ,f\?c f \ . Millinery Sale Will Be Remembered °™ C q* «<»<. a «»„ u™ u «
beautifully tailored strapped and stitched in a very LL h n tt and hats that have been'the rage this "^ . . . ~= T^J •
orSlkser^; durable lining in sateeu 7\ are ready for this clearance . Don'? post- SpCCialS 11\ a Great VOTiety
DRESS AND WALKING SKIRTS. pone your visit, because it has been our experience that — ~ T^ ~ T"
$4.05— About 250 stylish walking skirts made the most desirable hats are snapped up very quickly. QJ Vt O1T161\ & FftllCV GOOuS
of the best quality cheviot, voile and Sicilian cloth DRESS HATS ' w> *
in navy blue and black; seven gore with kilted bot- $12.00— Elegant pattern 'hat in black and 'wC^SSS,^ II 7E propose to give the widest selec-
tom. Some are perfectly plain, others beautitully whJte ih j fa p i ume s; all exclusive stylcsf jiP^^^L \A/ lion an immense Stock will oermit We
trimmed. Regular $7.50 to $8.56 values. Worth S1000' Y V a immense siock \\m permit, vve
$9^95 and $11.95_Thi S lot consists of high O $iJ?Sol G reen and white pattern hat fin- a . have not withheld anything, and the
grade dress skirts made of fine German voile, elab- ished wkh shaded Rreen lume Ifc h a most >^^fl^^^m offerings for will be superior to other
Afine^sToAment tsele^ .Seffromt^o " ShadCS ° f 8reCn ' R " SaIeS ' Y ° U SatiSf> '*
Underwear Offerings for t r^,^ tj| M^f^fZ^f^
WOmeil and Children |7.5O_Black lace hat, NewYork-s latest fad. jm>&& long neat tab fronts Worth 50c
_! ; Worth $10.00. •--.«.,,, • •»* , • t.
ONLY fashion's favorite garments are in $4.50— Trimmed chiffons, trimmed braids and straws of all kinds. A 7Oc a pair— Women s silk gloves, with extra
this sale The underwear is cut from an big assortment to make your selection from. All are worth $8.00 or $8.50. heavy double finger tips; they come m gray,
tms saie. ineunaerwearibcui irum cm UNTRIMMED SHAPES mode and white. All sizes. Regular $1.00 gloves.
;- excellent grade of muslin and the trim- r,9c-About 20 dozen untrimmed rough and ready straw shapes, this J » a oair-Three-cIasp kid gloves extra
mings are of unusual value. season's latest: worth $1.50. fine quality, in mode, red, slate, beaver and brown.
MUSLIN SKIRTS. ?1.9S, $2.5O and $."».OO-^-Untrimmsd chiffon shapes in all colors. TRIMMINGS, EMBROIDERY.
S9c— Women's muslin skirts, made with 12- They are regular $3.00, $5.00 and $8.00 values. * « 42c a yard— 18-inch embroidery Tor corset cov-
inch flounce of lawn, edged with 6-inch Valen- CHILDREN'S HATS. crs, with guipure and Irish Point effects on edges
ciennes lace. Regular $1.25 skirt. $1.08 and $2.50— Trimmed hats; worth $2.50, $300, $4.50 and $5.00. finished with beading to run ribbon through. Reg-
92c— Made of fine muslin, with wide flounce of $1. 00— Prettily trimmed Tuscans. • ;; r . ular 75 C values. ....
lawn tucked in clusters and edged with embroid- 15c — Untrimmed Tuscans; just the thing for vacation wear for the 14c a yard — Fancy trimming insertions and gal-
cry Worth Si 50 children. loons in cream and Arabian; suitable for finish-
?1.38— Cambric skirts with 12-inch embroidery * " BRAIDS. I ing off flounces, waist trimmings, etc. This as-
flounce. Others have lawn flounce with three rows 9c a yard—Anew line of black horsehair braids. sortment also consists of all-overs and are worth
of embroidery insertion. "_ 2v|c, 5c and 9c a yard — Braids of all kinds and colors. 25c, 35c and 50c a yard.
Men's Furnishings Special Reductions Kitchen Utensils and Sqmmer Outing Goods
EVERY possible style to satisfy the most partic- m - j jj our immense basement we, have everything that
ular is here. The stock is direct importation \\ j|J| J>tOCK L-IHIH^S QUO. HlOtlOnS I is required in the kitchen. The quality is guar-
from the Eastern market^ where fashions are — *£ : * anteed in every instance.
/created. Our prices are the lowest. . ¦! ¥/E have made big reductions on the most 24c— Bread toasters; four sizes.
* % HANDKERCHIEFS. VV staple articles of dress accessories. <1 91.00— Meat safes to hang on 'the wall. Worth $1.35.
Sc each — Men's white hemstitched handkerchiefs, grass » w LININGS > 50c each— Sleeve irons for shirt waists.
bleached, ready for use \ Extra soft finish and large size. Reg- y ard-Mercerized moreen; all colors and black. 45c_Sleeve boards . LJ&Jjgj^
ular price iai£c. 6 for 4uc. V drop 8kirts . and petticoats 7c a dozen-Picmc plates. [^S^SSSSf
SOX. 55e a yard— 24-inch silk moire velour in pink, navy, -»>c— Camping lant "" n A s - r ' 1 5r*r**,
12 %c a pair— .Fancy sox, stripes, figures and lace ef- brown and corn color Regular price 85c. • HAMMOCKS. <*
fects. Fast colors. Double heels and toes. A big assort- u u o 0c a yard— Tacquard lining silk for jacket lining. 75c— Full colored cotton hammocks, witli concealed
ment of colors to select from. 6 pair for 70c. A regular YVorTh 3"c ¦ spreader and pillow.
20c value. ; 8c a Vard— High grade fast black near-silk skirt lining. ;:^':- BASKETS, TRUNKS. . Lv*^
"~ -~~ — ~~~~ ~ "~ ~ ,jr .^ tcc " COc — Canvas telescope \vith two straps.
Men's Smts, Overcoats and l|||iiglsili ollil JT^TT, T hirdw °° d '""• '
Other Garments at Sale Prices d jU'S;^." "Sraf'SU'g^ st0 '' sest Boys' New Summer Clothing
"1 jl »E have studied the requirements of our cus- ,, 11 * | ' HE interest in the needs of boys never wanes.
\/S/ tomers and are offering- only those garments 1 The val . ues arc always the highest. To-morrow
that will be welcome. Special prices prevail gj [M *\ \ there will be no exception, special inducement
913.75— This lot comprises 'all the most stylish fabrics gi |H if ll $M M^ fm ?2.25— Norfolk suits in pretty patterns; agss 7 to 12
in worsteds, cheviots, scotches, horrtespuns, serges, black ,-^B^M wBL- ii 1 11 1 m 7 M ye « r J" Reduced /rom $3.00. ; : !;**>
Thibet and unfinished worsteds. Every garment is hand- /T§T !^g»* *& Vfi^Qr "*^ J^a*^ *^P .9Sc— Khaki suits with long trousers. Just the thing: for
made throughout, have the best English shrunk' canvas in- r I J W L outing suits. / .. ; i ".'•"•'
terlininps and hair cloth fronts. Regular $15.00, $16.50, Vf*-^ ' — * 91.10— Khaki suits of extra quality, trimmed in blue or
$17.50, 51S.00 and $20.00 values. fcT A'L^^I^VY'S RELIABLE i red> P crlcct hUin S- These suits arc sold elsewhere for
OVERCOATS -J»!N 5*1.50.
913.75— These overcoats are made in the newest shades P*> 1238* l^SOJVrARTCRT ST jomT« i« n v * TROUSERS.
of tan and olive in covert cloth, fancy mixtures and blacks j' A4O ° i^^l T lAKHJ.A O A.J0MES[| lOc-Knee trousers in all sizes and patterns. Special,^
and Oxfords. We have them 34. 36, 40, 44 and 50 inches long Au ., 01.^.},.- Inducement* That HflVe Monday • X °" Tr^«
in every desirable style and fabric. The linings and trim- AU the 5l\Oppmg inOUCemeniS 1 nai nave , WAISTS.
mings are the best. They sell regularly at $15.00, $16.50 and Made ThlS Store PODUlaT Are Still Here. 10c— Unlaundered "Mother's Friend" waists and
$!8.oo. *»*»^^ ••»««* w.*» ~ r _ blouses. Special for Monday and Tuesday only.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
JJ3VEBTISEME2JTS.
NEXT SUNDAY CAUj.
KOSTETTElft
Wittier 5
Indigestion, Constipation, Dyspep-
sia and Weak Kidneys are foes to
good health. Cure them at once by
taking the Bitters. It never fails
even in the most severe /cases. - Doc-
tors endorse it. Try a bottle. It is
also unequalcd as a preventive of
Malaria, ¦ Fever and Ague. .
It is surprising to find the trag-
edy of a thrilling story turned
into uproarious comedy at
the Inst line, but that
' is what happens in
"THE DEBUT; OF BAMBISin
. Joyce." ;
By A. Conan Doyle..'
3faJ®cu£aAiwm>
VvQ Perfect Fitting f/|Y
YcS Eyeglasses uh
j At Moderate Cost |\
V 642 41ARKELTSX
Woman
tSv'wS"\B M^RV"- Whirling Spray
CS5\\V^»vi\iTb« new *iri^ Serfage. Injee-
ttonatid Surtion. Meit— Saf-
\. 10 * 1 ConTenlmt.
Ht.rraBtiotiapply tl-e V,. fpfa ¦'>."m{'s5 .
MAniEL, »cc«ft no 4i;t >-<fe'V
other, but lumpf or / 3 *#^/
Ulnrtratrd hook— <*****• Itrlre* Vt g Vvf
fullparUciilamandrttrf^ioTiMD- C«J/ ; M
mlnable to l&die*- W*RtKliM»-» &l]'tit<!imM '
4 1 t'ark U*w, Sew Voriu - V*JQlgr
112 "N'ew MontKom*r>'. t* n Francisco, C»ii.
vrufiara Hatteroth <Ladl*«' Dept.). 224 Butter.
¦Cnloxrvrur Co.. <00 Sjitter and 100 Stockton.
Cmkoo<1 Br.»tber«...7th fcod Broadway. Oakland
lUldwln Pharmacy "» E" 1 *
|ASTHIYIANOLA|
la Ute only cars Sot tferrou caA
BroacMAl ASTEUA.
Sou- DruxffUt vr at U»tt HAIGUT ST,
;/-•¦¦ -- kfcji Francisco, : C«X
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts orer her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy *ob»
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at tha
time of their most critical trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of chfld-birth, but its use
gently prepares the system for the coming erent, prevents * 'morning
sickness," and other dis- k^km M^m>. ma^^
$i.oo per bottle. Book jt^nmm J^g.
containing valuable information free. Ij^iiffiffiilgJilJy^MB
the Bradfield Regulator Co., Atlanta, G*. & &&$££*&&&&.
ADVXETISEilENTS.
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PKAGERS
1 B. KATSCHINSKI |
£ Philadelphia Shoe Co/ I
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO 1
I] Adjcinlnr Call BnllOlaff. ||
•! We Bought Them Cheap!
1 YOU REAP THE BENEFIT
I ( The closing down of the local
a factories left a lot of Ladies'
(I Bhoes on the hands of a prominent
?l manufacturer, and \re bought
[I them at a low price and our cus-
II tomers will reap the beneflt. Every
H pair guaranteed. Ladies* Finest
II Vlci Kid Lace Shoes, with the lat-
jl e«t toes and patent leather tips,
{I durable Boles, with fair stitched
II extension edges, military heels
|| and union stamped. TSE PRICE
|| SEDUCED TO Sl.8.%- Tt l e ?'?
I goods were made to retail for J2.50*
and J3.00. Sizes IVi to 8. Widths
C to EE.
WAVED VAMP OXFORDS
The very swellest of the swell.
A style unexcelled for snap and
fashion. Ladies' Vici Kid Oxford
Ties, with waved vamps, dull kid
tops, natty coin toes and patenl
leather tips, hand turned soles ana
extra hi ph French heels. OTTB
PB.ICE OHXT 82.10- Sold reg-
ularly at J2.5O. Sizes 2% to 7%.
Widths A to E.
I THREE-STRAP SANDALS I
A particularly dressy article of
Footwear, well made, a very neat
fitter and appropriate for home or
party. Ladies' Vici Kid Three-
Strap Button Sandals, with styl-
ish plain coin toes, turned soles
and French heel6. SEDUCED TO
S*l. IS A PAIB. Sizes 2'i to S.
Widths A to E.
FOR BOYS AND GIRLS
Oxford Ties for summer wear,
made up in patent leather or vici
kid. with neat coin toes and tips,
durable soles and the new low flat
school heels. Widths B to E.
PRICES GEIATLT SEDUCED.
Child's and Little Gents'
I sizes. 9 to J 3 Vx S3c
Misses' and Youths' sizes, 1 p
to 2 95c m
SEXTO rOB HEW ILLUSTRATED 1
CATALOGUE. fi
I B. KATSCHINSKI I
Philadelphia Shoe Co. I
¦ MlO Till HP ST., Baa Trudioo. ||COLOGNE. Rhenish Prussia. May 21. The
German. French. Belgian and Dutch steam
ship companies have decided to reduce their
steerage rates to $trt to meet the Canard line' a
cut from Liverpool and London to America.
PALLAS?, Tex.. May 21. — The delegates to
tlie General Assembly of the Cumberland
Presbyterian church dismissed church matters
tu-day and spent the day at Waxahatchle.
thirty mtles distant, where a picnic and bar
becue was tendered them by local Tresby
teriana.
Thomas is supposed to have sucldenly
becotne demented. He attacked the
boy as he lay sleeping shortly after
Mrs. Thomas had left the house, and
when she returned an hour later she
found them both dead. Thomas waa 33
year3 of age. and had been engaged in
the lumber business at various points
In Southern California for several
PAS ADEN* A, May 21.— Terrell B.
Thomas, local manager of the KerckofT-
Cuzner , Lumber Company, killed
his 8-year-old son Paul, a paralytic, by
stabbing him in the back with a hunt
ing knife, and then took his own life
by shooting himself in the head with a
revolver. »
CHASE. Colo.. May 21.— J. F. Bohan
nan. an Eastern sporting man. while
hunting on Mount Evans and Twin
Peaks, near Chase, became lost, and it
is feared that he has perished. A
searching party was organized by Bo
hannan's brother, and the horse which
the hunter rode was found tied to a
tree. Farther up the mountainside were
found his coat and rifle. The ground In
the vicinity showed evidences of a
struggle and bear tracks were also dis
cernible. Near the spot is a high preci
pice. It is feared the hunter has been
killed in a fight with, a bear or by fall
ing from the precipice.
J. P. Bohannnn Disappears While
Hunting in Colorado and His
Friends Are Anxious.
FEAR FOR THE SAFETY
OF VISITOR FROM EAST
Manager of a Lumber Com
pany Commits a Terrible
Crime at Home in Pasadena
KILLS HIS SON
AND ENDS LIFE
NEW YORK. May 1't.— Ten officers and 104
sailors and marine* of the Mexican ! navy ar
rived here to-day, to take charge of the Mex
ican cruisers Tamnlco and Vera Crus. built
at the Crescent .Shipyard at Ellxabethnort,
REDDING, Hay 21.— The Southern
Pacific Company is gradually acquiring
fine farming property in. the* Sacra
mento River Canyon near Cantara, but
in a manner that is distasteful to the
'corporation, i The farm of W. L. Bran
stetter is j sliding down upon ¦ the rail
road track by degree: . There were nu
jnerous slides there du:t.i;j" the winter,
'and it was thought they would cease
with; storms, but such is not the case.
A slide Friday morning delayed traf
fic five hours. One this morning will
delay trains a longer time. \
Southern Pacific Acquires Real Estate
by an Objectionable Process
Near Cantara.
FARM LAND SLIDES I
ON A RAILROAD TRACK
Three hundred residents of Ashbury
Heights attended a meeting of the
Buena Vista Park Improvement Club
Friday night and passed resolutions
requesting the Board of Supervisors to
give then better fire protection.
A committee, consisting of T. J.
Koster, W. b. Farren, Thomas S.
Malloy, F. E. Beck, G. C. McDonald,
A. S. Page, W. P. \ Levy and A. J.
Fritz, was appointed to present the
matter to the board on Monday* and
ask that sufficient, money be appro
priated to establish an engine-house
In the district in order that better pro
tection may bo assured, jj ,»
The action of the club was taken
as a result of the destructive fire that
recently burned a number of,«dwell
ings on Ashbury Heights. /
Biieim Vista Pnrk Improvement Club
. Will Appeal to the Supert-isors
on Monday.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS WANTS
BETTER FIRE PROTECTION
NEW YORK. May 21.— About 1000
longshoremen employed in the marine
district of the New York, New Haven
and Hartford Railroad at the com
pany's eijrht piers on the East River,
quit work in a body to-day. Work on
the piers now is at a standstill. The
strike is a sympathetic one, originating
from the trouble at the Fall River Line
pier on the North River. The leaders
threaten to extend the strike on Mon
day to the Long Island! Sound ports
and to Boston. This wo'uld bring cut
G000 additional men.
Longshoremen Join Strike.
Is Placed on File.
ANACONDA, Mont., May 21.— The
deed which conveys the Hearst Free
Library from Mrs. Phoebe Hearst to
the people of Anaconda was filed to
day.
The. library, which cost about $75,000.
was accepted by the people last April
at the municipal election. .
Deed to the Building Which Was Ac
cept ed by the People Lust April
HEARST TREE LIBRARY
IS CONVEYED TO ANACONDA
VANCOUVKR, B. C, May 21.— The sur
veyors and construction ennlneers of the Great
Northern nallrcad ure In Fernte, B. C, with
Instructions to proo«i at once with the bulld
inff of the txtenplon of the Jenninrs branch
from Morrlsst-v to Fernle and Coal Creek.
ELMIRA. N. Y., May 21.— Edwin L.
Richards of San Diego, Cal., who was
arrested at Newark, N. J., recently on
complaint of four Elmira men, who
claimed he had sold them land in Gcor
nia which existed only on paper, has
been released, the complaint having
been withdrawn. Mining stock traded
for 18,000 acres has been returned.
Richards asserted he bought the land
from a Chicago dealer in good faith.
San l>ic-£o Resident Who Was Ar
rested Recently in New Jersey
Diseli urged From Custody.
COMPLAINANTS WITHDRAW
CHARGE AGAINST RICHARDS
The trouble occurred on the ranch of
Andrew Nohle, a well-known stock
man, over the attempted seizure of a
horse bought by Nohle at a forced sale
from a man named Sanderson.
. Nohle with his hired man and San
derson with his brother-in-law drew
revolvers during the row and the firing
became general, Nohle being shot sev
eral times, though not. seriously. His
hired man, however, may die, being
shot through the abdomen and the
hips.
The trouble originally had its incep
tion over a land contest case, and the
feeling between the two stockmen had
become almost feudal in character.
' BUTTE, Mont.. May 21.— Meager de
tails have been received in this city of
a shooting affray near Dore, in the
eastern part of the State, in which it
appears four persons engaged, all re
ceiving wounds, one, it is thought, be
ing fatally injured.
Spc-ial Dispatch to The Call
Before this fifty non-union men, who
had contracted to unload the steamer,
were driven to shelter in an elevator,
together with their police guard. Sticks
and stones were thrown, but no one
was hurt. The victors hooted and
jeered the non-union men and then
made their raid on the ship.
The crowd later attempted to force
the engineer and firemen to get up
steam so that the boat could be taken
down the river, but the men refused to
obey. There was no attempt made to
disturb them and at a late hour to
night the strikers had possession of
the vessel. The captured steamer be
longs to King & Co. and has a full
cargo of grain.
CHICAGO. May 21.— Comic opera pi
rates invaded Calumet River to-day
when with wild shouts and cries of
"Seize the ship" a crowd of nearly 100
men, striking stevedores and sympa
thizers, took possession of the grain
steamer Nottingham, lying at Ninety
eighth street.
Special Dippatch to The Call
Montana Stockmen Engage
in a Battle With Revolvers
and All of Them Are Shot
ST. LOUIS, May 21.— Arthur F. Mc-
Intyre, president of th<* defunct Mer
chants' Brokerage and Commission
Company, one of the "gret-rich-quick"
concerns brougrht into prominence by
the downfall of E. J. Arnold and John
J. Ryan, was found guilty of using the
malls to defraud by a jury in the
United States District Court to-day
and was sentenced to th^ penitentiary
for a term of eighteen rrfonths.
een Moiith.s in the Missouri
Penitentiary.
Arthur F. Mclnlyrc Must Pass Eight-
"GET.mCII-QUICK" CONCERN'S
PRESIDENT IS CONVICTED
Seize a Eiver Steamer at
Chicago After Driving the
Non-Union Crew to Shore
STRIKERS TAKE
PIRATES' ROLE
FATAL- FIGHT
OYER A HORSE
UiCHLlN. Mriy "1.--H Is officially announcsd
tVr.t CrarH ?;uice <"yrlt will arrive at Cobura
today to Visit tbr CSranJ Duct)em Mane of
KltB&Ccb'irt nr.-l Ootha. mother of the OranJ
LttjrhfKS e. r H*>i-s-e, (Those nianlare to th«
rrisr.lns; GraWl Ituk" ol Ho-s-<? was <li;solved
!.Tcenjb«r !M. ISC!.
BAKLIKSFIELD. May 21. — An un
known man was found <le::d this
morning at the foot of the stairs lead
ing to ihr cellar «>f a saiooij in Kern.
It is supposM ihat he fell down the
Ftnirs while uiuler the influence of
liquor.
ST. LOUIS. May 21.— Eight cases
brought by the State against Mrs. So
phia Weijizeirl. on a charge of bringing
girls fro?n Germany to St. Louis for
improper purposes, were dismissed in
the Criminal Court to-day, Judge Mc-
Donald stating thnt the evidence was
in?u!Mc.!ent to prove the State's case.
ToiMt DNntlW* -Mrs. Wcinzrlrl.
NEWARK, Ohio, May 21.— The New
ark Savings Bank did not open its
doors to-day and the court has ap
pointed a receiver. The bank has
thousands of depositors i^mongr work
ing people here, and there was great
excitement. Discrepancies are said to
have been discovered in the books of
one of the officers. Cashier Lingerfel
ter went to Columbus to-day to enter a
sanitarium. The shortage is said to be
In The r.eish"borhood of $50,000.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. May 21.— Cashier
LinccrfHtfr w«S found at the Park
View Sanitarium in this city to-day.
H3 refused to be seen, but his son said
thr failure was due to President L. P.
Scha-v's refusing: to sign notes for a
temporary loan.
ancial Concern in an Ohio
City.
Alleged Shortage in the Funds of Fin-
SAVINGS BANK'S COLLAPSE
AFFECTS WORKING PEOPLE
DENVER. May 21.— Mirs Alberta
Long, a lfr-y«ar-o!d jirl, who was
reared in Chicago, to-day found her
mother, who she has not seen since *he
was one year of age. Whep not quite
a year old, the child cays, she was
kidnaped by her father's mother, who
did not approve <^f his marriage. She
was placed in a Chicago Catholic ui-
T^an asylum, where she has since been
tip to Fix wcoks ui;o. The parents
searched for ihe girl. l»ut found no
trace of her, and finally save her up as
dt'ud. The father di<-d and the mother
moved away, at ia?t coming to Den
ver. A few months .^51 th<- sjrund
mothtr died, but hot until ahe hnd t«>ld
Miss Long of her parents. Since then
the girl has tried to fln<l her mother.
Ehe has visited many cities and tinally
frame to Denver. She inquiml at the
post office to-day for Mrs. Carrie Long,
and v.j? delighted whin told that a
¦woman !>;-* ;hat name lived at 59 West
J.iakota street. It wmi some time before
Flie could COayfnce the rider woman
that *hfc was the child for whom she
!:?-•! mourned so long.
Girl Who Was Kidnaped Eighteen
Years Agro Locates Her Parent in
the City of Pomcr.
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER
ARE HAPPILY REUNITED
TOPEKA. Knns., May 21.— Pupils of
the Kansac high schools will no longer
be taught that it v/as for swimming
the TJag Dap; River in the Philippines
and In the face of a hot fire from the
enemy that General Frederick Funs
ton wag promoted from colonel of vol
unteers to be a brigadier general in the
regular army.
A sub-committee of the State Text
book Commission has ordered the ac
count of ih<» incident expunged from
the history, which has been readopted
for use in the high schools for five
years. When General Funston was
promoted to the place he now holds
his commission declared in explicit
terms that his promotion was earned
by his action in swimming the Bag Bag
River in the face of a severe fire from
the enemy.
"We will Rive the credit to Private
Trembly White, to whom it belongs,"
said Commissioner McCray, a member
of the sub-committee. "The mlsstater
ment that General Funston ever swam
the river will be dropped now, while
there are men living in the State that
know it is not true." .
PORTL.AND, Or., May 21.— The Ore
gonian will to-morrow print the follow
ing account of the swimming of the
Bag Bag by General Funston at Ca
lumpit, Philippine Islands, April 26,
1899, the swimming 1 of the Rio
Grande the day following by two sol
diers of the Kansas regiment. It was
obtained from General Funston him
self and probably is the first correct
version ever published:
"A body of some 4000 Filipinos who
were on the far side of the Rio Grande
had been harassing the American
forces. On April 26, 1899, General Fun
ston, accompanied by a skirmish par
ty, swam the Bag Bag. a small, slug
gish stream about 100 feet wide, which
is tributary to the Rio Grande. This
act has been confused with and magni
fied into the swimming of the Rio
Grande the following day, April 26, by
two soldiers from the Kansas regiment,
which preceded the routing of the 4000
Filipinos by forty-five American • sol
diers..
"These soldiers carried a line with
them with which they drew across a
heavier one. To the latter a raft was
fastened and drawn across. When the
forty-five soldiers and General Fun
ston had been ferried over the detach
ment routed the Filipinos."
General Funston concluded:
"It Is true I swam the Bag Bag, but
the event was of no importance. The
swimming of the Rio Grande by the
Kansas men was an entirely different
event. The Rio Grande Is a stream
fully half a mile wide with a current
running seven knots an hour, and to
have swam It would have been a physi
cal impossibility for me. The whole
trouble has been occasioned, I suppose,
by confupinsr the two streams and the
proximity of the events.
¦'I am glad to present the facts as
they are and clear the matter up." *
State Textbook Commision
ers Say. Tliey Will Give
the Credit to White
KANSANS TAKE ACTION
Incident of Swimming Bag
Bag Eiver to Be Expunged
From High School History
FUNSTON 'S NAME
TO BE DROPPED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 22, 1904.
28
Odd bits of furniture can be
bought cheaply — furnish flats
and houses, too.
Bargains daily in our FURN1-
TURE 1'OR SALE columns.
ADVEBT1SE2CENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SMITH'S
$6.00 TRUNK
Is now the talk of the town.
We've plenty for every one.
This unequaled offer is just an
inducement to have you call and
inspect our large assortment of
leather goods.
A carload just received. . : '.¦;,
Don't buy before you see our
line. 4N ». ,.'¦ \
A. B. SMITH CO.
128-132 Ellis St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CH-J] ZZUTT]
After all, the thing * I
like best about "FORCE"
is the enjoyment I get
from eating it.
It makes little difference
how "good" a food is if
you don't like it
I've met mighty few
people who don't like
"FORCE."
Vsa cad relish "FORCE" for a lonecr time, without change. than
•zy other food I know of.
Bat it isn't such a bad notion, now and then, to twitch off onto
•omethir.tr else for a day or so —
Even ttoourh you cant chance to anythia* quite 10 eood.
II in need oi Furniture, Carpets, Draperies or Kitchen Furnishings you will find the Store on the Square the place to
buy. Liberal Terms, High-Grade Goods, Low Prices, make this the Store of the People. Do not fail to call before purchasing.
O — ; o ! : — C — ° 0
piano polished; ample room Jshcd; bevel fitilr TlfJi jffl ""^' rTaVe^mTr! 'VrvM''^ heaSafully
for china, linen and silver; late m j rror . S^TkS^^SMF" KBJEtp'^^ ror; cabinet work and finished: worthy of any
top decorated with beve. ' JHBra^ J*L WsS&I gfo flnlah of 'the .best. home Terms, fl.OO a
French plate mirror. .*> 1 . U U a fi *Ti£iuniJPlH LfJ*"^ H « fTZ&'ZYkk 43$Xk /?7fr* Terms, gl.oo a wefU.^ week.
/m \! % Jsljv mLfmL*&€ia ailc^ see ie Regal i" actual operation. Biscuits in 7 yS^lQ -^-/jk?^ jl'&l V- -i
//ll ll ** nraneriea— Maenfncentiv assort- minutes demonstrate its marvelous baking qualities /"" m —^
/fill sE-J Draperies Magnincentiy assort » m We carry a mammoth stock of floor cover-
Pi W% ea stock of Curt<tlns ' and as well as economy m the consumption of fuel. It Jngg Every known qU 'ility from th«
ll IK fn ? ? C T r8 "xE^mtitov e C x P Tr» yOU n " d * Regal VVC 2$! pkCC ° nC '" y ° Uf IlOmC f ° r »tf»^ effccts for the P arI^ or living room
Mi 1/ who are^lwl^ willing to advue you $1 down and $I.OO a W«k. ) I to the delicate fabrics suitable for the
VKs 1 regardinp your draperien.O C . -— . Q- Osleeping room. A vast assortment
/\l' ' quote a few npfciai? 'iH J^ l ~ u .'"T | .^J^y*5 g B l )L °^ exclusive desisfns. Mo color
I [ *N ? ' mPr**lv us u culd? to price. h *^y *cTfJ^^j^?^^^ fenemo wt 1 c^irinot <^iirr^* n;it. W c
• i 1/ ¦ Nottingham Lace Cur- jB^^K^ST^^^^^^^a^^S^^^^^8y3ic^ are constantly watching tho m.ir-
tains. Full width. Three firSvH W*^S§<!j^w4l '^^^^^^rSfek ' KC * ; '•' t0 ar> st advantage
yards long. Several exqul- &V% l^Sft Bffirty'r^fv^ffraTNUB pr>J^g^&3 ' ln(^ w^l S'^'C you the benefit of our
site (ifflRnx in 1 Ioral and idHvr"'^- -^^^"^X^wBF?TTY^iaT8----igC^^^^^St^5!FS?JniS^^c^^f enormous purchasing power.
no. rri«. per pair. *<l.<io. »» WkA^ULM& SBM. ifBgSP BaMCmLMim** Kattlac—HiRh-grrade China mat-
A vast asaQrtment of striped summer Cur- tin?. Onod fr».'h fiivr. Artistic cot-
talns, All colors. 1'or pair, !>."»c up. I U.mVP T=— rS^^Wr-i^iyWW-»'tt •^V*< y ¦»"*^"" J r : i J !W>W-*'*^-iii »i "WMTTI oringr. V"t j-anl, 1-' «•.
A D VEBTISEMEKTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
l\ BLATZ method is generally commented I
Jil on as most remarkable and unique, for 1
the reason that in most every par~ S
\$fjR^f ticular it is original from a brewer's H
TJpfrf point of view. 1
ll V^i Thz very choicest of every com- g
\\ \ 2* ponent,/part of the Blatz brews is i
\\ Jjg: the invariable rule Only the best B
/\ 3u\ °* ler Earth's crop is ever con- B
/ "^fi*^ sidered. The result is a beer of i
I v& honest quality with a goodness all p
A V^^^^v * ts own " 1
II \z-<3 Always Iht Same Gwd Old "BtalzS 3 1
V ftT li — * A MALT TOXZO M
I**! I Far CanTalesseenis and Run- Down Systems. n
\ VAL, BLATZ BREWING CO,, Milwaukee I
Jra» SAM BIBO ®» CO., I
VTZCI^SAXS 3ZAT.TTBS, '2V2 BATTERY ST2XET, 9
' ' Eaa. XTaaclsco. TeL Main 5QS3.- ' - »1
Waist Dresses |
H W%$$§k~ $17 * 50 DlacK and While Si *K Shirt I
iflWf\ff" Waist D rcsscs— Will be sold |
Kr MX\ M) while the y lastat le^s than §
UK \ffi^Vv ili ¦ y° u would have to pay for 2
!rk^P^iJ\ t! ? e makin g «io en i
Ifl W fjitir ° ther silk shirt waist dresses I
U 1 / T $27.50 All Wool Cheviot Tailor f
R 1\ J^TOv Madc E^ on Drcsscs — The very J
U IV*. \r^|$k. latest trimmed styles in black, f
B fi^Jvsjii&J bIue > browns, we <Ton f\f\ i
S >^^ wiI1 cIose out at »p£l/.UU 2
Rl/l \ v^?X c o"oa and Linen Shirt Waist Drcsscs — In &
W A \ \SKi white, bliies and tans, just the thing §
Wlj M v V^\ ioT vvarm wea tfier comfort $9.50 to 56 1
IJfMl V^d^i^S. $L25Trimmc a White Lawn Shirt Waist 95c S
rJWI) \\ymj£& r $2.75 Black India SilK Waist. . . . $2.0 0 |
|tfj > — •^n^J rr Country orders satisfactorily filled. K
B| *^O KEARNEY STREBT <fGALVESTON, Texas, May 21.—Pres
ident Roosevelt to-day "sat upon" local
union jealousy good and hard. Begin
ning with to-morrow the Benevolent
Protective Order of Elks will hold a
three days' reunion in Galveston. Some
time ago the Elks contracted with the
union bands in Galveston and several
other cities to supply music for the oc
casion. The Government military band
at the San Antonio post also was invit
ed to be the guest of the Elks and to
play. The invitation. was accepted.
Upon learning this, the union bands
took umbrage and declared that they
would not march in the same proces
sion with the Government band and
would not play on the grounds with It
and canceled their contract with the
Elks. The union bands wired to Presi
dent Roosevelt, asking that he order
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Eefuse to Mafcfc With Mili
tary Musicians at a Re
union of Elks in Galveston
UNION BANDS
GO ON STRIKE
First ' English Lutheran Church,
Rev. R. Nelander pastor. In the morn
ing the subject will be "The Signifi
cance of Whit Sunday. In the even
ing the sermon will be on "Spirit-filled
Believers."
SAN BERNARDINO, May 21.— Some
-color was given to the strike situation
at Needles to-day by the action of a
druggis^ who emphatically refused to
sell one 'ot the strike-breakers and med
icine. The name of the strike-breaker
is J. J. Baden, and he came from some
point In the East. He was ill and went
to the pharmacy, being accompanied
by a deputy sheriff, but the proprietor
positively refused to sell the desired
drug. Baden has announced his deter
mination to sue the firm for $10,000.
Another batch of thirty-five non
union men arrived this afternoon at
San Bernardino and more are looked
for on every train. One of the strike
breakers frcm the local stockade wan
dered out into the town last night and
was caught in the dark by unknown
parties and severely beaten.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Xon-TJnion Men Continue to
Arrive and Pharmacist
Refuses to Sell Drugs
the Government band not to come to
Galveston. The President replied that
the Government band could do as it
pleased.
The union bands then wired to the
exalted ruler in San Antonio that he
had better, not bring the Government
band here. He replied that he was a
free American citizen and would not be
dictated to. The unions then wired to
the Government band that If It came it
could not eat or sleep in Galveston.
The Government band's reply con
signed the unions to a warmer clime.
Several non-union bands have now
been engaged by the Elks and the
union bands' cancellation of their con
tract has been accepted.
NEEDLES STRIKE
GROWS SERIOUS
• The dead man found hanging > to a
tree in. Golden Gate Park Friday was
identified last night as Charles Schu
macher, a former chef at the Louvre.
Schumacher's widow identified the
body, ._ ; r.; -v^;.; .- , . "„-;,-;,-.';
Dead Man Identified.
lilon of the title of the company. Tha
interest 6f the two parties was to con
fer title upon the company. What
ever'the rights may be of those join
ing in the. combination, the Supreme
Court decree shows no disposition to
interfere with them."
The first electric lnterurban railway
projected in Cuba is one from Cien
fuegos, thirty miles <o Cruces. '
, On the baby's third birthday it
should weigh thirty-one pounds if a
boy and thirty .if a girl. It should
measure 19% inches around the head
and twenty inches around the chest.
Chief Dairy Inspector Smith, accom
panied by Drs. Poheim, Hughes,
Ragan and Hassler, all in the employ
of the Board of Health, yesterday
/visited a number of dairies on the San
Bruno road beyond the confines of the
county of San Francisco.
Many Instances of unsanitary condi
tions were found and these will be re
ported officially to the Board of
Health. The milk from the San Mateo
boundary line Is vended in this city
and a recommendation will be made
to the Board of Health that it forbid
the sale of milk from the dairies in
spected until more sanitary conditions
prevail. : ¦ . ¦ •¦' " .
At some of the dairies visited the
most revolting surroundings imagin
able were present. All of these details
v/ill be incorporated in the report of
Chief Inspector Smith and will be
sustained by the doctors who accom
panied him. The report. will be sub
mitted, at the next meeting of the
Board of Health.
Inspection of San 3Iateo County
Dairies Discloses Gross Careless
ness Regarding 3111k.
INSPECTOR DISCOVERS
. : UNSANITARY CONDITIONS
MOKRIETCm*;.'. If. .I.. May 21.— The Stony
br'-'ok rUnt cf the Vr.lted Box. Beard and
I'jjitr Company *' Whippany, was pTtiatly
deslrcjeO ry flr» to-day. \jj*r. $330,000. The
pUfct ha4 a daily capacity of fifty tons of
flfishM product;-'.
3 0 per cent of all money appropriated
for street work be used for perma
nent Improvements. This would sup
pjy a newer system and other needed
improvements.
. Advwatp T::xc*« for Improvements.
A delegation from the Mission Fed
eration of Improvement Clubs will ap
pear before the Board of .Supervisors
s:t to-morrow's session and ask that
DENVER, May 21. — The executive
board of the Western Federation of
Miners decided to-day to recommend
that all unions in the jurisdiction of
the federation hold open sessions in or
der to. put the secret service agents of
the corporations out of business. It is
alleged by the board members that
these corporation agents join unions
and make fictitious reports to their
employers of what takes place at
union meetings.
John Mitchell, president of the
United Mine Workers of America, is
expected to be in Denver early next
week as one of a committee of three
which will go before the convention
of the Western Federation of Miners
and Invite that organization to be
come affiliated with the American
Federation of Labor.
W. D. Mahon of Detroit, president
of the International Association of
Street Car Men, which is also affiliat
ed with the American Federation of
Labor, is already in the city for the
purpose of serving on that committee.
It is probable that Max Morris, one of
the vice presidents of the American
Federation of Labor, will be the third
member .of the committee.
"No large metropolitan newspaper
can live without the support of
women," he continued. "Newspapers
to-day are edited for women and not
for men. If the women of the Gen
eral Federation of Women's Clubs will
set their face against scandal the ob
jectionable in Journalism will disap
pear. Women have a Joint respon
sibility with the editors as to the class
of news contained in the columns of
the metropolitan daily."
Previous to the press session a short
business session was held at the Odeon
in St. Louis.
Melville E. Stone spoke on the in
fluence of women on newspapers. He
said that not a line of scandal would
be printed in an American newspaper
were it not for the women.
ST. LOUIS, May 21.— Before the
press section of the biennial conven
tion of the General Federation of
Women's Clubs to-day, held in the
German Government pavilion at the
World's Fuir grourfds, "The Woman's
Column" was the subject of an ad
dress by Miss Livinia Egan of Louisi
ana, a member of the World's Fair
Board of Lady Managers. She said
that the "woman's column" in the av
erage newspaper is filled with "plau
dits and platitudes and piecrusts ar.d
padding."-.
"No woman." continued Miss Egan,
"is fit for the ballot or for equal rights
with men as long as she permits a
woman's column of accepted type.
"Clear it of recipes and frivolities
and let it express, the woman's point
of view." v - . 4
"The only reason for this litigation,"
Root said, "is this: Northern Pacific
stock has gone up from 115 to 135.
whereas Great Northern has dropped
from 180 to 170. The complainants
want to get back their Northern Pa
cific because they can make ten mil
lion dollars."
After reading: from the Supreme
Court opinion several paragraphs
bearing upon the dissolution of the
company. Root, said the plan of the
return of* the stock was tentative. ' It
had been suggested, but was not a
plan to the exclusion of any other
plan, but one which seemed entirely
equitable.
Judge Bradford asked: "If the se
curities company did not acquire
equitable ownership of the shares, how
could the company be justified In
treating as Its property that -which
was not its property? There seems to
be a paradox in the situation."
Root replied: "The opinion of the
Circuit Court, treats of the securities
company as the owner of the stock in
question. Also in Justice Harlan's
opinion it is set forth that the securi
ties company was the owner of the
stock, thus approving the opinion • ot
the Circuit Court. It is also described,
in Justice Harlan's opinion as a hold
ing corporation and trustees and cus
todian having title to represent the
combination. There can be no <jues-
Root then resumed his argument,
begun yesterday. He maintained that
the decision of th'e courts did not ad
judicate the plaintiffs to be the legal
owners of the stock in question, and
that the United States Circuit Court,
sitting in St. Paul, had sustained his
view. The equity in the property held
by people who had bought in the open
market, he argued, must prevail
against the claim of counsel for Har
riman and Pierce and it would be en
tirely unjust to these people,
who would be deprived of their
rightful share in all the stocks. The
extra $10,000,000 which would accrue
to the Harriman interests, he insisted,
would be at the expense of the other
stockholders.
NEWARK. N. J., May 21. — The
hearing of arguments on the petitions
of E. H. Harriman and Winslow S.
Pierce for an injunction against the
distribution of assets of the North
ern Securities Company, under the an
nounced plan, was continued before
United Slates Judge Bradford to-da:-.
At the opening of court it was decided
by Judge Bradford that the arguments
of Elihu Root, for. the Northern Se
curities Company, and Attorney
Thatcher, representing the Oregon
Short Line bondholders, £'ould be
heard ¦ here to-day and that Guthrie
and Johnson will be heard on Monday
at Trenton.
Executive Body of Western
Federation of Miners Sug
gests Important Change
Elihn Root Says This Sum
Is the Prize in the North
ern Securities Contest
3Ielville E. Stone Says the
Newspapers Are Edited for
Them and Not for Men
BOARD FAVORS
OPEN MEETINGS
WOMEN WIELD
BIG INFLUENCE
TEN MILLIONS
IS AT STAKE
The Board of Education yesterday
ade'pted the salary schedule of em
ployes of the Public School Depart
ment for the next fiscal year. Incor
porated in the schedule was the fixing
of the minimum salary of teachers at
per month instead of 550, as now
"prevails, with a gradual increase until
the maximum is reached. Quite a num
ber of other salaries were raised, and
only two decreased.
. A . rc5olution was adopted providing
that in order equitably to carry into
effect the readjustment of the schedule
experience for less than four years
shall not be counted for the next six
years from July 1. 1904, in fixing the
salaries of toachers of the primary and
grammar grades, provided the maxi
¦ mum r-alary paid to holders of primary •
certificates shall not exceed 56S per :
month. Teachers of the first, seventh
and eighth grades must serve eight ;
yean before reaching the maximum of j
?S3; those of the fifth and sixth grades i
are required to teach seven years, to;
leach the maximum of $S0. and teach- |
crs of the second, third and fourth i
grades must serve sev^i years to reach \
the maximum of $76.
SALAIUES INCREASED.
The increases in salaries are: Deputy I
.Superintendents of Schools, $150 to 5200; !
financial secretary. $125 to $140; record- j
in? ?<xretary, $125 to $135; messenger, j
$85 to 530; storekeeper. $135 to ?150; as
sistant storekeeper, $90 to $100; team
ster of School Department, $?2 50 to !
5100: assistants in manual training, $83 j
t*> $100; 6r><?c!al teacher of modern Ian- j
gueges In high schools, $100 to $110; i
teacher of iron worR In polytechnic j
tchool, $110 to $125; teachers of com- 1
mercial arithmetic, bookkeeping, sten- J
ogrraphy, typewriting, Spanish and pen- :
manship in the commercial school, $90 i
.to $£5; substitutes in the commercial'
school, $3 to $4 per day when actually '
"engaged in teaching.
. Th» decreases are:* Supervisor of i
cooking. $125 to $?0; assistants in cook- j
ing, $70 to $65.
; The salary of the principal of the j
Whittier Primary School, having nine- |
teen cjasses, was raised from $150 to i
$160.
President Roncovieri announced that |
the rule contained in the plan of exam- j
irfation requiring applications for the
¦ taking of the teachers 1 competitive ex- j
aminatibn, to be held on June 11. to be i
filrd thirty days in advance would not
be put in force. Applicants will have
until two or three days before the date
ist't to lUe their applications.
AVAXTS SCHOOL FACILITIES.
• The West of Castro Street Improve
ment* Chub sent resolutions of thanks
to (he hoard for the generous manner
in which its requests for better day
school facilities have been complied
Kith. The club suggested that better
Vvening school facilities be given, as
pupils in the district are compelled to
so a long distance to attend evening
fchoo] at the present time.
The fine for tardiness of teachers was
fixed at Z0 cents for the first case, $1
*for the second case and $2 for the third
case.
• 'The board received notice from the"!
Health Board that Dr. V. d'Ercole was j
appointed, without salary, as chief ex- i
aminirig physician on the subject of i
stammering in the public schools.
"The evening Echool teachers peti- '
tfonefl that their salaries be raised, hut |
no action was taken, as the schedule i
had already been adopted.
The Board of Public Works was re
quested to provide fire escapes on the
Dudley Stone School at a cost of $3000.
liaises Minimum Salary of
Teachers of All Grades in
"the- School Department
others' get increase
»
Will Not Put 'in Force the
Thirty-Day Ihile~ for the
Filing of Applications
BOARD ADOPTS
WAGE SCHEDULE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 22, 1004.
29
The f on nh and final install-
ment of Ileadcn Hill's great
novel of the Czar and the
dreaded Third Section that
guards him will bo pub-
lished in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
BY A HAIR'S BREADTH.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
RARE COLLECTIONS OP
HISTORIC STEINS
* This is one of the'most valuable,
features ever publislfbd of art,
ancient and modern, and will
be read with intense inter-
est by men and women alike.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
GRAPE-NUTS.
WHAT THE KING EATS.
What's Fit for IUm.
A Massachusetts lady who has been
through the rr.fll vith the trials of the
visual housekeeper and mother relates
an interesting: incident that occurred
not leng ago. She says:
"I can xvith all truthfulness say that
Grape-Nuts is the most beneficial of all
cereal foods in my family, young as
well as old. It is food and medicine
both to us. A few mornings ago at
breakfast my little boy said:
" 'Mamma, docs the JO"* eat Grape-
Nuts every morning?*
"I smiled and told him I did not
laiow. but that I thought Grape-Nuts
certainly made a delicious dish, fit for
a King." (It's a fact that the King of
Krgland and the German Emperor botn
eat Grape-Nuts).
"I find that by the constant use of
Grape-Nuts not only as a morning ce-
real, but also in puddings, salads, etc.,
made after the delicious recipes found
in the little book in each package it is
proving to be a great nerve food for
me, besides having completely cured a
lncg standing case of indigestion."
Xame given by Postum Co., Battle
Creek, Mich,
There is no doubt Grape-Nuts is the
most scientific food fn the world.
Ten days* trial of this proper food in
place of Improper food will show in
eU'&dy. stronger nerves, sharper brain
and the power to "go" longer and fur-
ther and accomplish more. There's a
reason.
Look in each package for the famous
little book. "The Road to WeUvlUe."
We paid $100,000 for Liquozone; and we paid
$ir 00,000 more to buy a ' million- bottles and give
thpm'to p\ million
We paid $100,000 for the American the body without -killing the tissues, V Dysentery— Diarrhea Scrofula— SyphUl*
rights to Liquozone. And we have too. There is nothing else known n ££?r Dr ° P " T fhr^TrouWe.'*
spent $500,000 in the past four months which will dd that. Any drug that Eczema— Erysipelas Tuberculosis
to buy a million bottles and pive them kills germs is a poison, and it can- ooT££oMt StOBe9 VaruSSi? 10 ""
to a million sick ones- Don't you real- not b<* taken internally. For that Gonorrhea— <Jieet Women's Disease*
ize that this product must be of won- reason medicine is practically help- - ah diseases that begta with fev«r— au in-
derful worth to humanity? Won't you less in any germ disease.
see what it means to you? Liquozone is so certain that we wood.
Dtlblish nn pvrrv hnrrlr» an offer rt'f In nervous' debility LJqnozone acts as a
ActS Like Oxygen. f "™ forTdTsSe germ that it ca'nnot "~ ""^ ™ M -
Liquozone is not 'made by com- J""- The reason is that germs are 5Q C Bottle Free.
pounding drugs, nor is there any alco- vegetables; and an excess of oxygen * **•
hoi in it. Its virtues are derived sole- -the very life of an animal-is deadly If you necd Liquozone and have
ly from gas-largely oxygen gas-by \°. yc ** \^I^"' tZ°, Z °^ JSSSS nCV " tried h ' pIease send " 5 thh
a process which requires immense ap- * a " a d n es^ u , ctl ? n .!° fl f Cri !L S ' f, tO , * f h^ coupon. We will then mail you an or-
paratus and 14 days' time. Each cubic j 1 "" 131 ? b ° d > lt ] s . the most helpful der on your local druggist for a full-
inch of Liquozone represents the vir- thin S ' in th . e^ orld - Th « e 1S no . ot ] 1 . cr size bottle and we will pay vour drusr-
tues of 1250 cubi<c inches of the gas. wa X- to end the cause of any germ dis- g | st ourselves for it. This is our free
The process by which these virtues ease " . . gift, made to convince you; to show
are concentrated into liquid, stable -* •>* y° u w^?t Liquozone is and what it
form has been the constant subject OeriH }DlSe<QS6S. carf do/ In justice to yourself, please
of scientific and chemical research for • . accept it to-day, for it places you un-
more than 20 years. , These are the known germ diseases, der no obligation whatever.*
The result is a product which does &\\ that medicine can do for these Liquozone costs 50c and $1.
what oxygen does. Oxygen is the troubles is to help Nature overcome
nerve food, the blood food, the scav- the germs, and such results arc indi- CUTOUT THIS COUPON
enger of the "blood. It is the very rect and uncertain. Liquozone kills f Or t his otter may not appear a*ain. rtn
source of vitality, the most essential the gcrms,wherever they are, and the SL^JJ^-^^Sash'aw Chicago?"
element of life. But oxygen is a gas are inevitable Bv destroying Ozone Co ~ 4M - 4C0 WabMh ave - Chlca *°-
and unstable, while Liquozone is fixed thc ca | JSC " f the trouble it invariably My dlse , se !s .;
and concentrated. It gets an excess cnds the disease and forever. 1 have never tried wqnozone. but if you wtn
of oxygen virtues into the blood, to Asthina Hay Fever _ Inf i uenza . ™"» ¦• * ** bottI * tr - l wdl tok * '«-
go wherever tlie^blOOd goes. The re- Abscess— Anemia , Kidney Diseases
suit is ajilaliz.ng tonic with which 'f&Spg&o* G orr P h^ ', / *""*""* ••"*•*•"•¦
no Other known product can compare. Briehfs Disease Liver Troubles : **
. mr-i% * > - • *•% • Bowel Troubles . Malaria— Nenralria v ' • -
Kills Inside Germs. SSKK 11 SS^SS l »2S lM - ¦m"onm"»^^ I u^^'"
W^^^S^^£^tiW^^ ' ''.?&£&%>'*' An, phystcan or bcspltal not yet us,n~
lies in tne tact that it Kills germs in Catarrn— Cancer • Bkla Diseases I.!o.uoaon« will b« gladly . suspUed for a t*s«.
YOUilTH/MfJO WJf£A r YO0 r SEE TJfE GOOL \mM65 ' W£ Iff: EM^M
T — -«C?N> vv^w^y/^ y/w £Si\V w wrtf •*•»? J J IJ J VJ I *r %r ww + tm+itJl A U%S **+ f* ' «**•»«•¦* ._«• * . \a^** how reasonable we sell.
,V —^AVs&SZUl „ « -» « - ** " t-*^ *•% *»-w*m *"T tmm9t»9>4- *ssr*r+ WJT ¦ . W Made of all - wool
Wi\i ) y/llCV\V«r JUT Z\ //VIZ? V/1/7 MMi V Jn/JvM&r • Saxony yarn. fancy
v W !\£M$^ ' rtJlYn rux YOU JfiJJ wcjui •
f ( I P?^Mm\ Scientific HoseSupporter , profitable Reading. Stout Women " Fac Simile of Ladles' Italian-Sift
Jk ki^yjHz^ t \\\\\\\ and AMomiDal RedDCer ' ™™ thlDk B0 T when yon 8eo tha He " J - *«**™** '" *•«¦ Underwear. c / 0 tSftSV m^S\i ! TwSSi
«^*L^>«2r >^^085^lMl\ll 1 Health authorities and sample line of SDIET WAIST SUITS -p*. LA GRECQUE Made of jersey knit silk-finished them thia week to 9Sc
Physicians - recommend w« are aroinjr to place on .ale Monday. £fjk EJS& CORSET COVER cloth. llRht in weight. The VESTS are
Ml "' l^nTliiilimiBplnilrili IF 1 1 j£ thPSP - Bars-aln* that unn«ua,I condition! have mfj fffj AND BCST SUP- low neck and sleeveless, trimmed at LaOleS Bath MeS. 6
A£/8£8%ig&&3&&gffiHUMitWaW\\ ll <^7/, Made with a circular ma«e sacrifice of the most genuine V{ } { P O R T E R — It the neck with deep silk lace and bead- y /"*." ,' n( \' ._,. fAL
: ffi&W^S^SBHKBHl I >W shape pad. with belt! c^wacter « the ¦ w claw or irood. rf^Sft hasn't any seams in B . with ribbon drawn through. coSort th'r ? h nnc fiS\
s^^SK^^BS^^^^SS^l III /// attached - with four you most wish to buy for the summer /)*% ifxk or wrinkles or su- PANTS TO MATCH— Tight-fitting. Made of importocl Terry ttY&
r^»^8^L^a»I^^P gP^J 111 ///., straps of extra heavy wear. ,»o two ¦"*«-. //-/ AJW P^tluous fullness with drawn string at th* top. finished coth. in rich Persian colors blf
H /////, elastic with button made of Inwn. India /^—< (VT anywhere. It does with a deep flounce, with silk lace and stripe* lance cuff/ extra SI
Wi&MmrMm&P^ „. ,«"'^» S /;.^jS2^.b..^^S ®. .kjs^s c HI ld- s »^s waists-
¦¦¦JL^2fcffl^&V&& <Mii&»^ Offerings Kot Only La j 5 ; 00 quality! sample prlce.;»3l»B T <UU *t£sfc± } lsh / cr \ m {J^lm ovtr Made ot steam-shrunk yarn, scams
**&%^*ms&&- HZ & ™Zll gSSil^g Are You Going to Renovate Your House? Sim t^^^^ s - i^^:{^
Always Buy tHe Best. As to Corsets! , «^ €^%^H4H?ffiS ' "^^SKl^^ iH People Who Have Worn T&em Speak
It D oe S n't Cost Any Mere. Every fi^re quires a S.^; or^ER P^lSLffJy^V^S ®^m gg TaYsf ifyo^u^ « WOrdS Of PTdlSe fOP Them.
Eeres some HOSIERY. The eoo« «S S. 1^"^ Btyle °' cor "*' you will think so when y<m see these made pf good heavy cambric, some double the Drice SI OS %< LADIES* DR\WERS— Made
ncmical women know how the Price y\ The best corset made will *Jf u J;. ;.<. : hemstitched, others scalloped borders; double the price.. B1.J» of French lisle tlchtHRtt?nr
Cntter seU«. /V Present a. sorry appearance VRiU «- » .. . . , in oponwork, Irish point and tambour «.!._,, . ?L L.th, drawn itrine Inf?
Indies- nosE-Made O f the best $$$ Sffp'i.STS'ffLiSSa foS Do You Want to Replenish Your K' c £dS 75cqualules S Mim ' T» ffl^ffn&fid^tS't'i-SS
&k7S^U!$..h£s£{& fW zte&«&$S»« VZ Wardrobe? . H^ u^^ff&2™^fc flS. A1 Sg^£SKSf i^ MB SefKftS
LADIES' HOSE-Made of summer [tW expfrt fitter. Her Judgment - If so. here's Sad "ft heivy^lawn ? hemiltShSd IdlV "ed and rybber lined; odorless. ...... Jf ? n « n ShS?" AlfSS« ort?. "fT
pauzc lisle, stainless black, double MS i« unerring. She will select £4 some MUSLIN finished in the cSTter with four row«i ' Each 7c r larS price.. o 0c
heels and toes. Just the Stocking for \ fj a conet beit adapted to ., UNDERWEAR of Battenberfr lace insertion- a limited TOOTH BRUSHES— Made of clear rnnnnmipal WnmAll
summer wear 1>5 C . f your lndiridual require- fa X^ a\ that it will pay quantity will hBold for white hog bristles Each Oc tCOIlOIIllCal nOmeil.
LADIES 1 HOSE— Made of English ,, M »«»*»• One that will give t-V. , Stjtf, V\ J'f you to inspect: #JW *' SAFETY PIXS— Nickel-plated; large Hera Are Some Stunmer SHUtT
thread, high spliced heels, double soles yon moua comfort and graceful lines. ; «f--At> 'K'5J«, .-Sv . L A D I E S' T nppo \n fin and small sizes; the kind that will not WAISTS for Less Than You Can
and toes, f-xtra wide fast black; made „ p* * «it ¦ \ 'V "it^lPrfcfcP^ Gowns — Made uuvco iv uu. bend; needle pointed A dozen 3c Hake Tlem Tonrielvei.
expressly for large women; velvet fin- [QT OlOUl uODlCD. '/^*f iT^^i' ** 72; of strong /^ All the novelty laces TAPE MEASURES — Full 60 Inches Made Of colored imported pique.
ished 25c ppn mittctvq rnvtuvv \i»j« / . • Ul a.iVr. Ltii bleached muslin, &fi you want for trimming long; numbers on both sides. .Each lc trimmed with embroidered medallions.
of extra strone sateen Rl»minn!rthnn / )rjhAM ftl tuc ked yoke. V- * dresses, waists or BUCKLES OR CLASPS— Made of with tallor-atitched piping down the
Wy btlili Up Your Own .Corset feKSiHH #f || SSPtiSa-S /j§^k i»Sti iS^^^H E&ffi«?ffi^
- COYer 7 different : shapea i to choo™ from If C -Hg i )]» cambric We are SP&GM^ S A POINT DE PARIS season's Parisian styles: copied from pink and light blue. Price.. . -S1.5O
-,. 'L, 4 «_" > ou have had >'O"r corsets matte to &•> \]<t^fi : ? rt ?,fn Z e y ? U £&'~£&a£: LACE— 8 inches wide; the most expensive designs. Price.. r . . . r rtm fAntQhl/i Tnncotc t-w
- /j3K That'* the Proper Caper Mow. order and paid as high as $10 for them HBS^r f« uld «°t make in coral and floral de- l»5c LOOl 2J10. lOIIlIOaaDie LOrSBlS ft*,
yyfj They are -rery easy to you could not get a better corset than fnS" 1 »nv° Ur C n h Q .Yard Oc LADIES' SIDE SUPPORTERS— fni» thA Wfl?m WflSthPF Xr&
sfzTx make, the style they make these. For 83.5O M? : &lM<£3&' w « a ? y such CLUNY INSERTION— In the real Made of fancy frilled lisle elastic. IOr 1118 ndim Heaifler. _Vf
them now. Here's some Em- ' : ''U>f»- a «f n ' gulp , ure Patterns. Arabian color, ser- button clasp. In pink, blue, red. and The new French Empire £\ T>
It^r-Aj broidery, full 10 indies wide. Vnr Medinm flnfl Rlflndfir V\£\\TP<1 'jf&Z-aSfcP** lOc p^ tin ® and noraI designs; two inches black .A pair 10c .s n .. T1X „ rihhnn ifiZZM
scalloped edge, embroidered r "| ™5~?« i « 010UUer IW™' * L A D I E S* wide. For dress or waist trimmings STEEL BEADS— High luster full «hape, made of satin ribbon | ftf~£l
gr*=V in different patterns, such as The NEW W. B. ERECT FORM GOWNS —Made Yard 1O C count : Just the thTna^to decorate col- tape, steel boned through- r^A
tT t wheat rings and conventional CORSET— Bias cut. hand gored; made of Lonsdale cambric, square yoke. ALL-OVER ORIENTAL.NET OR lars U n" kwear Bunch lOe out; finished with a large I p^\\
- designs. Now... A yard i»7c of Imported material: rust proof trimmed with embroidery Insertion WEBBIXG— Full 18 inches wide. In SKraTRnAII^T^'kind that win £? tln v Flb V on £ Ow^* ln £*? k ' lU M
steels; low and medium bust; Princess and tucks, neck trimmed with em- floral and dotted effects Yar.i ¦ : n«. faKIRT BRAI1>— ine Kind tnat win blue, black and white. Price |\V *L}
NftW for TfldiPC' Qnmmoi- KorVwoni- hlp: slde and front hose -uPPortera broidery edging, and sleeves finished ' ' °° C ° U T, •" Oc V
HOW IOr LuQlcS bUmllier neCKWear. attached. Seeing is believing. And with a tucked ruffle, full length. Price i Wrtrri in MnnflV at^ tom - In brown - tan - sr^ y '^ b L ue t * n t a
Ana Yon wm TM«« t^i- tn. st«r. t a >' ou>11 appreciate them when you see T. T . «5c A " Or(1 l0 MOIiey-baYer&. and black Yard 5e • JflSt RCCelYCd.
And Yon Will Find Thi« the Store to them .$1.00 LADIES' WHITE PETTICOATS-i Here's some ALL-SILK CHIFFON, PIN BOOK— Black and white as- Qnm . mrvmi vn xtt unwnv
Buy Them for low Price and Btyl« s ox.vv x £ L © nsdali b camhriT 40 inches wide, high luster; for rosette sortment. full count Each 5c §? m « J™PSfI tl > l& V F.,? 1 !!?^
r t^ D W S : TAB T ND nv OVER - COL - TO ThOSe WOmen WhO Are LOSlDg Simmed with a 12-?nch flounc™ of rnminery and dress trimmings; in' CABINET HAIR PINS-Eight pack- Z*£lo™\£¥*r£ioi' Soc
LAP.— Made on India silk, very styl- iw iuwoo uuiUBU HUU flio liuaius ] a wn. tinished with Cluny lace edging Jtfhlte. pJnk. "Shtblue. navy and ages to a cabinet, crinkled and ana colors, i en j arcs ror uUC
ish. In embroidered cherry designs. TuOlT'Ifolf and insertion; liberally made in width la 4 ck - . Instead of 45c, at the. Price straight, heavy and invisible, full as- TallrtN and T)rP<;<;TnaVpr?
Pric * 5c w.«*t» i* w t !?». »? and length. At the Price Cutter's only Cutter s 28c sortment: all for 8c ldUUfb dUU UfCiillldACfb.
LADIES' OVER-COLLAR OR RIB- ' rom Wearing the Unhealthy Bat. ( 'SBc m n i ' CHILD'S HOSE SUPPORTER-The Insist npon your patrona
BON PROTECTOR— In rich patterns JOEREYE'S PAT- o- h-i. #,«---.« «?««**«?—« 19 CCIltS. kind that straps over the shoulder, the jJ<> wearing the LADY BISHOP
of leaves and flowers; white ground, ENT has done away On Sale O Tarrell-itreet Entrance. ¦* ",,„„_.«. >T new patent velvet clasps. A new ar- &jfi POEM riTTIKO BUSTLS
SS. ?/?o,To b We %<£*£. 9m^L r;'i h .„:" n r P /S; Paris FasWon Says O ..^S^h^ffi^SS ra "— '¦ 1>rt - 2Sc «& "f.^^Ln.,, .» «,
desicn Price 1 O<« able > Hnd an y size P llff can l>c made J' lfft 'h w un , cor ' lP(1 > '' 1 P |1 - In pink. l^^y-J i:i Swiss rib arid openwork &3^FZ:i:ft£&* HALr rwc *' | *& I S \ o f near silk" in r-irTk blue
MniK? ovKR-roi T AR Avn over these, inside, front and back; bliio.^yhitp. nnl. ma z« and nilo. Just \r lace effect; in white only. P3gfiit»3i^JSf Made of crisscross. '**^''- erav and b'ack' Urce' STiali
n-KK sH-'-S Vid^'of ? «}J\ h^vv within every ladys reach; must be the Ribbon for millinery and neck- ' / Instead of 25c, at the Price SaSS^^V tuxedo, splder-wrb and and rae dlum sizes All . ".^'..50c
-en to be appreciated 23c Price v^^c • Cutter's ..... 1Oc "sW^f S? n «8g lon dott % t8 - ai £ T a Tji IS Vnn " Ann '"
S^^^^M|i| We Don't Mfke a Mountain Out of a f mr nnori , nrnn ) fT^r nn^runrnnl S2s®Sa 8 - %
loois m the Real Thing, _ t yO u j?L Hi iL our ad,.. JOE ROSENBERG JOE ROSENBERG "-<~°^i^::»;™^
But Not So in Price. tieements is facts— nothing else. mmm Cf, np | nr,A Qf nr f rjij,:- - nf j m 3 n GLOVES — Openwork mesh
fr-^ LACK COLLAR AND GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS-Made THE PR GE-CUTTER * MONEY-SAVING STORE bflOH dDtt l-WBI, IfiW anU 18U, Sffie wovm^Ips. Mad? of
V£^.<^JPTAK-Mad<v of Point of good heavy white lawn, full size; I IIL I IIIUl. UU I I Ln «_ IHUiiLI OHVII1U OlUnC Here's a Belt to Fit You All. English lisle, fancy stitched «HI
Vfi&' c ? : 5r de Gene lace; in leaves. Hemstitched borders. Price 3e Q|C i|, r!/at pi ¦¦ n)P- rr .|i c* OiC Un-' „* c* ¦¦ mr ii «i Made of extra heavy silk corded back, one large pearl clasp. In I?* 1
scroll and ring de- LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS— Made 816 Market St. II 0 FaiTell St. 8l6 Market St. II OFarrell St. elasflc dip efftet front buckle and gray, mode, black and white. \K
/£££ signs. A lucky pur- of Irish lawn, soft bleached, narrow «.iup i' n ?>,„ hark in fruit Frvntlan Price o<>«
W chaee e we , U s to hemstitched, hand-made initials in MAK OBDEBS SOLIOITID. ; MAIL OBDEBS SOLIOITED. head and floral 1 designs; made extra Qlore. and »lT>lxm« cleaned by DelV.
W ¦ sell these for..... loC neat design. Price. ...k«. L J V J etrone; gun metal. Price 48c Patent Dry Process ....5c
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOr. KOSENBEBG'S.
JOB ROSENBERG'S.Kahweah Council No. 24 of the De
gree of Pocahontas, I. O. R. M., will
give a select social at Franklin Hall
on the evening of Saturday, May 28,
on which occasion a well arranged
programme of dances will be present
ed by the committee having the mat
ter in charge.
Pocahontas Social.
Rudolph Barth. watchmaker and Jeweler, 134
Butter Bt. (upctairs). Watch and Jew«lry repair
ing a ipeciaity. Careful attention paid to re
palrin* Fnacb ctocka, Phoao Bed 1221- •
The right of the Auditor to refuse
the salary demands of a municipal em
ploye presented for his approval by a
person other than the employe in
whose name they are drawn is to be
tested In the courts. Yesterday a suit
for a writ of mandate compelling Au
ditor Baehr to audit the salary de
mands of Howard Vernon, Police
Court stenographer, for the months of
May, June, July and August of last
year, each demand being for $200, was
filed by C. Meyer, holder of the de
mands. The demands were assigned
to Meyex by R. B. Aronsohn, the
money ; lender, with whom .they were
hypothecated by Vernon. The case
will be heard by. Judge Sloss June 3,
he having issued an^ternative writ of
mandate returnable before "him on
that date.
Meycjr Brings Suit Questioning Right
of Auditor to Withhold Approval
of Hypothecated 'Warrants.
ASKS COURT TO COMPEL
BAEHR TO -SIGN DEMAXDS
St. Charles parish will give its.pic
nic and hold its fourth annual reunion
at Mirabel Park, Sonoma County, June
14. That there will be a good time
those who have attended similar out
ings of the parish are well " aware.
This year there is a greater incentive
than ever to patronise the affair, as
the proceeds of the picnic are to be
used in the construction of the new
church at the corner of Eighteenth
and Howard streets. The question as
to what disposition should be made of
the money derived from the picnic
was settled at a meeting held on
Thursday in the schoolhouse.
A number of prizes will be awarded
to those who attend. This fact is ex
pected to increase the patronage- of
the" outing. Tickets can be procured
at the parochial residence, 390 Shot
well street, or from, any member of
the committee. * :
The following are members : of the
committee on arrangements: Frank
Dougherty, .chairman ; John N. Quinn,
secretary; Rev. Father Moran,,treas
urer; George Lynch, Thomas Learned,
Mrs. McAleer, Miss Monahan, Mrs.
Lamburth, Miss O'Dwyer, D. A. Mc-
Glorin. John E. O'Brien, Mr. O'Don
neli; Mrs. Grazer, Mrs. "Quinn, : "Miss
Quinn, Miss Morton, Miss r Hughes,
Miss Thornton, Miss McCorniac, Frank
Weylarid.'M. C: Lynch, J. J. Jordan.
Thomas Dougherty, and Mri O'Hara.
Proceeds Are to Be Used for Con
strVictlon of New Church on
Howard Street.
"To ride over the o!>d stage road of the
Raymond-Wawona route is a great pleasure
in itself," said a visitor to the Tosemlte. "The
oiled road takes in the finest grove of Big
Trees, and the absence of dust permits the
traveler to appreciate everything he sees. It's
certainly the smooth way to the valley." ! Ask
about stage reservations of Southern Pacific
agents, or at 613 Market street. •
Praise for the Oiled Stage Road.
ST. CILUILES PARISH PICXIO
WELL GO TO ailRABEIi PARK
The Supreme Court yesterday re
fused to grant a petition for a* writ of
habeas corpus in favor : of Lewis
Chrones, who is awaiting trial on the
charge of obtaining goods under false
pretenses. The defendant claimed
that he had been confined in jail with
out a hearing beyond the limit of time
prescribed by law;
Must Remain in Jail.
" Services at the churches to-day are
as follows:
Simpson Memorial Methodist Epis
copal — Morning, preaching by the pas
tor. Rev. John Stephens; % evening,
nine.
During the absence of Rev. Clar
ence Reed of the California-street
Methodist Episcopal Church Rev. J.
H. Norton will conduct the services.
Grace Methodist Episcopal — Morn
ing. Rev. Dr. Baker of Columbus,
Ohio, will preach; evening. Rev. Wil
liam Dawe. D. D., of Detroit, Mich.,
will preach.
Epworth Methodist Episcopal —
Morning. "The Answer to the Greatest
of All Questions"; evening, "An Un-
Rer. J. H. Xortbn to Occupy Pulpit at
California-Street 31. E. Church
During Pastor's Absence.
from Italian ships In
this harbor have lately been of fre
quent occurrence and a large number
of warrants for the arrest of the de
serters have been placed in the hands
of United States Marshal John H.
Shine. One of these sailors' named
Storace Arnedeo was arrested recently
in the house of a'man named G. Rossi,
who is reputed to be an anarchist.
Shortly after the assassination of
President McKinley Rossi and another
anarchist named Crispi were shad
owed for several weeks by United
States secret service detectives.
The arrest of Amedeo was at the
request of the Italian consulate in this
city. Judge de Haven made an order
yesterday that Amedeo should be con
fined in the County Jail to await tho
sailing of an Italian bark that is to
convey the^_prisoner to his ship, the
Llguria, which will be in the harbor
"of Honolulu. Rossi a,nd Crispi ap
peared to be very unwilling to let
Amedeo go back under Italian juris
diction and' they employed an attor
ney to try to effect the prisoner's re
lease on habeas corpus. Judge de
Haven, however, refused to issue the
writ and the prisoner will be returned
to his shin.
Rossi and Crispi Employ an Attorney
to Prevent Sailor Anicdeo Froni
Being: Sent Buck. .
ITALIAN DESERTEU FOUXD
IX DEX OP ANARCHISTS
TOPICS OX WHICH THE
PASTORS WILJj SPEAK
The men's meeting at the Young
Men's Christian Association this after
noon at 3 o'clock will be addressed by
Rev. P. A. Baker, D. D., general su
perintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League. Dr. Baker was elected by
the American Heague to succeed Dr.
Howard H. Russell. Dr. Baker has
distinguished himself In fields of
church activity and for the past de
cade has successfully lead the tem
perance forces in the State of Ohio.
He is now making his first official visit
to the coast. . The men's meeting on
Sunday, afternoon will be largely at
tended by the best men of the city.
The Rev. George Croswell Cressey,
D. D., of Portland, Or., one of the
leading scholars of the Unitarian
church, who has been attending the
Unitarian Conference In this city dur
ing the past week, will occupy the pul
pit of the Second Unitarian Church at
Twentieth and Capp streets this
morning. His theme will be, "Life
After Five-and-Forty — Ascent or De
cent?"
will be solemn vespers, a sermon by
Rev. Joseph Landry and solemn bene
diction.
The Cathedral Mission of the Good
Samaritan. 246 Second street, will
celebrate its tenth anniversary to-day,
Whit Sunday. The services will be
holy communion, 7:30 a. m.; holy
communon, a summary of the ten
years' work by the rector. Rev. J. P.
Turner, and an address by the Bishop
of the diocese at 11 a. m.; evening
prayer and sermon at 7:45 p. m. The
music will be rendered by the vested
choir.
wise Bargain, or Esau, the Spiritually
Indifferent." Pastor, F. A. Keast.
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
— Morning, "Is the Doctrine of Entire
Sanctifiication Rational and Scrip
tural?" evening, "Should Christians
Attend the Theater?" Pastor, Rev. A.
C. Bane.
At the last meeting: of the Holy
Name Sodality of St. Patrick's Church
it was decided upon that "they should
hold their first public service this
evening at 7:30 o'clock. On the fol
lowing Sunday morning at the 8
o'clock mass they will receive com
munion in a body. There will be spe
cial services on each occasion. Though
recently organized, the society has a
large and increasing membership.
Confirmation will be administered in
the cathedral this afternoon at 4
o'clock.
The sermon at the solmen high mass
this morning will be preached by Rev.
Vincent Chiappa. In the evening there
Major W. A. Thurston of the Twenty
ninth Infantry, Lieutenant W. :P.' Mof
fet of the Thirteenth Cavalry, Surgeon
C. E. Woodruff of the medical depart
ment and Lieutenant T. M. Kite of the
Philippine Scouts called on- General
MacArthur yesterday.
'Captain John J. Madden, adjutant of
the Twentyihtnth Infantry, has 1 * been
granted a two months' leave of ab
sence. . <
Surgeon John D. Gost has been del
egated to examine into the physical
ability of clerks who desire to be trans
ferred to the Philippine service.
About twenty-six clerks are now under
examination.
News f rpm "Washington that Major
Frank de L. Carrington was to be tried
by court martial for embezzlement
caused a tremendous sensation in army
circles hero yesterday. Coupled with
the fact that General Bates, in com
mand of the division of the northwest,
had reported to the authorities at
Washington that Carrington was miss
ing, the; information only added to the
amazement .of his brother officers.
/ It Is true that Carrington was found
in St. Louis shortly after General Bates
had Informed the War Department that
I he had disappeared from view. Where
he had been or what he had been doing
was not made public from the sec
ond report of General Bates, when he
stated that the missing 1 officer had
turned up.
Major Carrington has any number of
friends in San Francisco, both In army
and club circles, and they are all loth
to believe that he has committed any
wrong intentionally.
From the telegraphic report from
Washington it appears that Carring
ton is accused of having misappropri
ated funds that had been sent to him
to pay for the necessary expenses of
getting his provisional battalion of
Philippine scouts In a condition to go
to the St. Louis Exposition. No one
questions the fact that the scouts were
in fine condition when they arrived
here, and from their appearance It
could be inferred that the money had
been Judiciously expended.
It is reported that while the funds in
his possession were all properly spent,
he failed to render to the. Government
a statement with the necessary vouch
ers attached. It is also reported that
the War Department called upon him
several times to render supplementary
accounts, but for some reason he failed
to do this, so the Government decided
to bring him to time and accordingly
ordered him to report to Manila and
answer the charges in person.
His friends here, both in army and
civilian circles, all feel positive that -he
will be fully able to clear himself of
any accusations of dishonesty. He will
sail from this port for Manila on the
transport Sheridan, leaving here on
June 1.
His Associates at Presidio
Believe He Will Clear
Himself of Any Offense
IGNORANT OF CHARGE
News That i Carrington Is
to* Be -Tried for Embez
' zlement Causes Sensation
ARMY OFFICERS
ARE ASTOUNDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY/ 22, 1904.
30
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
ADVXBTISEJKENTS.
The World's Way
To the World's Fair
Through Standard and
Tourist Sleepers.
St Louis . $67.50 ROUNI)!
Chicago . . $72.50 R0UND TRIP -
June 1, % 15, 16, 22, 23,
July l,-2, 7, 8, 13. 14.
If you are thinking of making a trip East, please fill out
the accompanying coupon and mail to this office
C. A. RUTHERFORD. D. P. A., •
623 Market St., San Francisco.
I expect to leave for # _ >#
about
Please quote rate.
Advise me what the Rock Island's through car arrange-
ments sire. Do I change cars? If so. where?
Hall me copy of World's Fair literature.
Name '. : m
Ctreet and No.» „,
MIMBM0| C. A. RUTHERFORD,
bSBTtPt®* . «23 Market St. San Francisco.
BORAXOLOGY
What we heed in the morning is not an
eye opener but a pore opener* A BORAX
bath cleanses the pores properly and rids
the body of waste matter, tlie blood is puri-
fied, and there's a delightful sense of buoy-
ancy and strength that drugs and stimu-
lants cannot give* Let Nature- have a
chance to do her work in her own way —
put Borax in the water and your pores will
do their work* After a Borax bath you
not only feel dean* but you are clean*
'Be sure you get pure borax* ' Ask for
20-MULE-TE AM "BRAND*
At all drug and grocery stores — 1 /4, x /i
and J-lb* packages*
The famous "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES FREE to pardiastn of
"20-MuIe-Team Borax." At stores or sent for BOX TOP and Ac la stamp*.
Pacific Coast Borax Co., New York, Chicago, San Francisco.
Twenty Mule Team— Our Trade Mark.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXTRAORDINARY
CREDIT SALE
By order of
HIBERNIA BANK
Wo will offor a eholco list of
Investment, Residence and Un-
improved Properties
At our salesroom
Monday, May 23rd,
1904
at 12 o'clock noon
4 I
TermsvOnly I/5 Cash
For catalogue and further partic-
ular*, apply
G. H. Umbsen & Co.
20 Montgomery Street
STATEMENT
OF THB
CONDITION AXT> AFFAIRS
OP THB
TEUTONIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OT NEW ORLEANS, I>T THB STATE OS"
Louisiana, on the 31st day of December.-
A. D. 19<At, and for the year ending on that
da7. a» made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of th« Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th«
Commissioner:
CAPITAU
Amount of Capital Stock, paid tip tn
Cash , J23O.0CO W
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $40, COO 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bond* owned by Company 621.333 Oft
Cash In Company's Office........... 333 i?
Ca*h In Banks 40.949 IT
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion _ SS.9S2 S3
Total assets __ .1790.100 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment «r
In Suspense $50.120 54
Lo3*es resisted, including expenses. 2.SC0 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning: one year or less, $137,419 32;
re-Insurance 50 per cent 219,706 W
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $213.-
323 09: re-lnsuranc* pro rata. !*?.**» SO
Cash Dividend to Stockholders ra-
rcaining unpaid 13,150 0*
Due and to b*coma due for Commis-
sions and Brokerage. ............. 3,000 09
Total liabilities .^.$433.0i3~73
LVCDME.
Xet cash actually received for Tlr«
premiums .$838.828 04
JJet cash actually received for
Marine premiums 2O.T72 73
Received (cr Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources I0k!H7 74
Profit en Sale Ledger Assets 8.433 M
Total Income .$883,239 OS
EXPENDITCRE3.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses <m>
eluding $42.3s5 50, losses of pro-
vlous years) $33X994 29
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ , losses of prs-
l vious years) 2.771 0$
Dividends to Stockholders '. ... 23.043 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage $133,537 »
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
char Res for officers, clerks, etc... 24.110 St
Paid for State, National, and Local
taxes 17.7S7 ••
All other payments and expenditures. 42.944 14
Total expenditures ,,. — .>..— .. $604.173 4S
Losses Incurred during the ye*r. .... $368.873 31
Risks and Prcminma. Flr» Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of. Risks
Net amount of Risks
S^££££! B.155.3S0 TW.TUM
Net amount tn force
December 31. 1803.. 80.73*. TO TH.T43 41
Risks and Premiums. Marina Risks Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $4,873,354 $21,823 73
Net amount of RUks
?g?f. .?!??..'* 4,«73.« M B.BB
ALBERT P. NOLL. President.
FRANK LANGBEHN. Secretary
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 22al
day of January. 1904.
M. C. 8ONIAT.
Commissioner for California In New Orleans.La.
MAM & WILSON, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
SAX FRAXCI3CO. CAL.
MEN
rar*M9£l DR. HALL'S REINVIGOUATOr.
EjMa "*"H stops all losses and unnatural dls-
H H charges In 24 hours. You feel »a
?_VH KJ*j improvement from the- first dose.
TTfn PtTuI We have so much confidence In our
kftPH rtrf treatmeot tb«t we offer Flvt Bun-
EfPfl ItSra <* r ««l r«ward for any case *»• can-
i^n^^Bm not cure. This secret remedy cures
lost cower, nightly emissions, wasted organs.
varlccccl*. elect, strictures, kidneys. (ailis2
memory, drains In.th* urine, gonorrhoea, dis-
ease of the prostate glands and all other terri-
ble effects of self-abuse or excesses, which 1** J
on to consumption and death. Positively eurcs
the worst cases In old or young of that morti-
fying condition, quickness of th» discharge. «n *
wanting to do. and you can't. S«nt scaled. *¦*
per bottle, three bottles. $3. Guaranteed to
cure any case.
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 835 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
Also for sale at 1073ft Market it., S. F. Seai
fo» tr*» book. m t
The Weekly Call
SI per Year*
AJVEBTISKMENTS*
7REA8IMD TORIES" K
A DECORATION DAY ART SUPPLEMENT.
Not all of the garlands of war are of laurel and palm; there are
others of withered and bitter leaves wliich do not crown the victors
or repose on the graves 'of those who have given their lives for their
oonntXT. They are worn by the women who have inherited the legacy *
of sorrow and loneliness through Hie death of a eon, a father or a
brother In war.
They cling in their bereavement to anything which may keep
fresh the memory of these dear ones. Their letters, portraits, any-
thing they have worn or owned are treasured as of priceless value and
on such a day as tlie one appointed to honor the nation's dead they
set-in to bring back something of the real presence of the heroes who
have fallen.
To express these thoughts on canvas is the motive of Edgar S.
Cameron's picture "Treasured Memories."
It depicts an aged mother honoring the memory of a son fallen ,
on a Southern battlefield by bringing out his rusty saber and thne-
worm uniform to place them in the chair, he used to sit in as a boy
while she rereads the letters whose contents she knows by heart.
It is thus on the anniversary of his death and Decoration day she
performs silently and alone what to her has become the celebration
of a sacred rite. The picture is one full of human interest and senti-
ment strongly expressed. It tells its story simply and directly and at the
same time it possesses artistic qualities of a high order. It is admirably
composed, effective, pleasing in color and carefully elaborated in its de-
tails.
Edgar S. Cameron, the artist who lias painted this picture, is ono
of the most prominent painters of figure compositions hi tho West.
Few men have the ability to paint well so many different classes of sub-
jects as he. Ten years ago he was painting military subjects, one of
which received honorable mention in the Yerkes prize competition.
Then followed decoration for the Worlds' Fair. The largest canvas he
has painted is a religious subject, "The Youth of Christ," now loaned . \ •
to the Union League Club of Chicago. % Two years ago he exhibited a
striking pictures of glass-blowers at work in the red light of the blow
furnace. This was purchased by the Chicago Woman's Aid Club. At
the Chicago Artists' Exhibition this year he showed an important
marine painting, "The Voiceful Sea," which was painted while the ar-
tist was returning from Paris last year, where he served as a member
of the international Jury of the exposition of 1900. This picture was
purchased by the Arche Club.
Besides painting these and countless genre and landscape subjects
3fr. Cameron has found time to contribnte occasionally articles on art
and art publications and to act as Instructor at the Art Academy. As
early as 1S88 be was an exhibitor in the Paris Salon.
I A MILLION AMBBIOAN NURSmoH
1 #STTii^ MOTHERS ksep themselves and their ba- I
1 il#^lilMW^^M bioa in BPtendid health with OASCARETS B|
I n «^*°^ artio - Tho 'woadort^ thinars 1
1 1^i^jS^^^1«lS^ OA ? OA:ElETS do for mamas and their |
1 Wr^f^^*^' l!^>^^^s i>eLi3ieB hav © become known through tho f
» $MW^ x f^^l kindword s of those who have tried them, |j
i $ir *wl l^^ and Bo the Bale is now over A MILLION I!
1 W BOXE 8 A MONTH. Mama takes a OAS- 1
Jr^r '^"^ /fc^S^ CARET, baby gets the benefit. The sweet, H
'if J \^y£ir {^--' Palatable tablet, eaten by the nursing fel
3 i jjH^*^ mother, regrulates her system, increases If
i EfcW' flow ofmilk, and makes her milk mild- w
1 EfT lv Purgative. Baby Rets tho effect di- If
fi luted and as part of its natural food:— no If
I "¦^w^-rN. V l°l° n co — no^danffer — perfectly natural H*
|i £-. jb^^i* results/ No more sour curds In |
I bab y' s8 t omacn »? on iorewind colic, gj
I ¦i'Cu^r^'VSi Z **? \ crain P s » convulsions, worms, rest- H
I \+*nf. jSTC'^JfcL 4 less J^nta. All drufirsrists, lOo,25o, ij
Ei ,-* _JL (j, .mp^ — »W 60c -Never sold in bulk. Genuine I
I c.-.~-.' m^r _ ' .^^c^»\ teblet stamped O O O. Sample f
I "Thmy mak* am and booklet free. Address S
y feel to good." STERLING REMEDY CO., fj
i^Mte»£? NDY CATHARTI C _.mjniff^^l
I AJVJRiUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES I
|t || .:: || Greatest In the World m K
8 _ — , n — _
fj s/\i~esrcoom oi*
I SHAINWALD, BDCEBEE & GO.
I Thursday, June Qth, At 12 oxiock. Noon
I BUSINESS PROPERTIES OF THE
I JOSE GUARDIOLA ESTATE
I ADHINISTRAtOR'S SALE
\l ' Horthtxist corner California and Saniome ¦treets, lot 45x90
ft. Improvements, three-*tory and basement brick buildtnr.
Auul rest* Sia.390. No leases.
JTos. 34 to 52 Xllls street. X.ot 90x137:6 ft. Improvements.
modern four-story and basement trick bnlldlnr. Stores, lofts
a* a offices above, Annual rents $17,800. So leases.
( JToi. 117-119 Piae st. Zrf>t 50x91:8 ft. Three-story and base-
ment brick buUdlnr; Jnst vacated. Former rent $3600 per an-
z.vjxu Seasonable amount spent In renovation will produce
largely increased rent.
Kos. 318-320 O'ParreU street, near ISason. Jiot 55x137:6 ft.
Tkree-storr and basement brick building;. (Palo Alto Stable.)
> Sent «2ioo per annum. So lease. Present rent nominal. Can
be materially advanced by givtar lease.
Hot 9-11 Barfcy place (off OTarrsU street, between Grant '
avenue and Stockton street). Lot 43:6x60 ft. Pour-story and
basement brick buUdlnr. rented as a piano warehouse at Sisoo
per annum. .
NOTE.— Th* Income* on al! of th« abor* properties cm fes largely
Itaoreafed Immediately by giving; Jeases.
The "Xere&la Tract," containing- 1532 acres of land in .
Placer County. California. ;
sS£? SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.
218-220 Montgomery St. Mills BuildingTO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUM3IER.
CAX.& «ul)!crlber« rontemplatla? a
ehanffe of residence darlaff the inmotr
month* can nave their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify
ing THE CALL Business Office. -Thl*
paper will also be on sale at all ¦ummer
re«ort« and is represented by a local
airent In all towns en the ooaat.
The divided spirit cannot do divine
service.
She was removed to the City and
County Hospital last night. In addi
tion to the bruises which had been in
flicted, the woman was suffering from
alcoholism. Her case is not consid
ered serious.
Isabella King, who says she is a
concert hall singer, under the name of
Lillian Andrews, was found in an un
conscious condition at 3:30 yesterday
morning by Policeman Lycett at Four
teenth and Market streets. The
woman was bleeding from the ears
and her lace had been battered. She
was conveyed to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where she was held
pending an examination for fracture
of the skull. ,
The woman's story is to the effect
that she had been drinking during the
night with a piano player known as
"Spider," end that, some time after
midnight her husband, who had fol
lowed her, gave her the beating which
left her in the condition in which she
was found.
Beaten by Her Husband.
The sixteenth annual banquet of the
association will be given in the Occi
dental Hotel on the evening of Tuesday,
May 24. There will be a large attend
ance, as many non-residents of this
city have signified their intention of be
ing present. The banquet committee is
Colonel H. P. Bush, Colonel C. Mason
Kinne and Sergeant M. J. Myer.
All is not well in the councils of Com
pany L, Seventh Infantry, located at
Santa Ana. When Captain Greenleaf
of that company was promoted major a
vacancy in the company was filled by
the election of First Lieutenant Clyde
L. BishOD by a unanimous vote. The
captain-elect passed. It is said, a first
class examination at Los Angeles, but
he was turned down by the board of
examiners, composed of Lieutenant
Colonels Schreiber, Welch and Brad
bury. Whatever may have been the
reason for the act. Bishop is indignant,
says that he knows as mu'ch about mil
itary affairs as those who turned him
down and charges the board of exam
iners is trying to get even with him
on account of something that happened
in the past. The company will have to
hold another election, and the assur
ance is given that Bishop will again be
elected. In the meantime, by reason of
seniority of rank, he will continue to
command the company.
AT A BAXQUET.
An officer of the National Guard of
this State, in talking of the advantages
of instructing: men in the big gun ser
vice, said a few days since: "The War
Department, the State authorities and
the officers, stationed at the Presidio
have rendered and are willing to afford
every facility for the instruction of
the First Artillery Battalion. A draw
back in the matter of making the
guardsmen perfect soldiers at the bat
teries is in the inability of many of the
men to obtain from their employers
leave of absence to enable them to be
come proficient. As it is., they are re
quired to give their holiday season,
when they might rest or spend a short
time in the country, to practicing at
the Presidio. If the men of the bat
talion could attend a reasonable num
ber of drills yearly at the batteries, all
United States army officers who have
instructed the battalion In the past say
these men would soon vie with the reg
ulars in the handling of the guns.
At the annual meeting of the Veter
ans of the National Guard of Califor
nia the following were elected officers
of the organization: Colonel C. Mason
Klnne, commander; Sergeant M. J.
Myer, vice commander; C "W. Rader
bald, adjutant; Captain J. E. Klein,
paymaster.
The First Battalion of Artillery, Na
tional Guard "of California, will report
at the Presidio May 28 for three days*
drill and instruction in handling the
eight-inch breech-loading guns at Bat
tery Slaughter. Captain F. E. John
ston, artillery corps, U. S. A., will act
as instructor. Colonel C. Morris, com
manding officer at the Presidio, has is
sued the necessary instructions relative
to the camping and messing of the
men of the National Guard.
The officers and members of the Na
tional Guard Battalion of Artillery are
to be commended for seeking instruc
tions whenever their limited time per
mits in the artillery branch of the ser
vice so that they may be better fitted
for duty should they ever be called into
action. It is the only organization in
this State that has ever been drilled
at the high-power guns.
United States army officers say that
detachments of the State Guard located
at sea coast cities where there are de
fensive batteries should be properly in
structed in coast artillery service. Thus
the men in case of war would be avail
able to handle the big guns.
BIG GUN* SEKVICE.
Company L of the Seventh
Infantry Chooses Captain,
but He Is Turned Down
ELECTION BY VETERANS
Citizen Soldiers to Learn
the Arf of Coast Defense
at Battery Slaughter
ARTILLERYMEN
AT BIG GUNS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MAY 22. : 1904.
31
TIE GEYSERS
THe Moat Pamom Health aa« Plea«uxe
Beaort la CallXox&la. ~
THE CLIMATE AND SCENKRY are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged the
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammam baths. Swimming lake of tepid I
mineral water. Boating, hunting, fishing. 1
dancing, shuffle-board, billiards and croquet. |
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGEE. havs been I
renovated throughout, and new cottages aad a
fine pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and ll»-
ery stable In connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with the beet the
market affords. Rates. $10. $12. $14 and $18
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Geysers. .
Sonoma County. California.
AguaCaliente
Springs.
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare $1 10; sure cure for rheumatism,
ssthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
¦different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
- baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank In the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day, $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery St..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua, Callente
Springs, Sonoma County, California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can feat 400 guests.
MmkiM
«Saa\ Jose (Tv>
M ' Situated In Vendome Park of 12/
\k 'acres, a charming summer resort ;•«
\-. both city and country advantages; r
automobile garage on the grounds J£
Tree to guesta. Bathing pavilion, IW
bowling alleys, tennis, etc. New au- «7
,.- to road map of the county mailed H
t on application.
'^fr\ J * T - BR OOKS, Manager. - A
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW i^NAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P. SNELL, MANAGER
M ARK V ES T
H ' K pr^ B SPRINGS
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will majiage the springs; many Improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day; J10 and $12 week. Office 833 Larkln
St., cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs, Santa
Rosa, Rural No. 6.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, fishing,
boating, launch, horces. tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser In bathhouse, club-
house, etc.. Increased accommodations, modern
conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed. Table a
specialty. Rates per week, $10 to $15. Photos
and information at Chatfield & Vlnzent's. 228
Montgomery St.. or LEE D. CRAIG, Manager,
Soda Bay. KelaeyvIHe P. O., Lake Co., Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswlck. Elsklyou County. California.
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery St.. or at J.
MARTENS. Bachelor P. O., Lake Co.. Cal.
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
Under new management. Up to date. Beau-
tllul grounds. Running stream and pond with
good fUhing. Playgroundg for children. Free
carriage meets all trains. J. D. CELLA. Mgr.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing: boats: excellent table: climate p*r-
fect; Hi milest from Truckee, in an unbroken
forest. For information Inquire at Travt|rr
office, 30 Montgomery* st.. Peek's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. demons. Truckee, Cal. .
SOLID COMFORT HOME
" Extensively improved: 1000 feet altitude; no
fcg: climate delightful; large orchard: vegetable
garden; hot, cold baths; spring water; cement
swimming tank. 40x80. Rates J8 week up; staga
meets train. Schuler & Sche ben. Napa, Cal.
¦H^^ a'^NKIHI Awnlnffs. Hammocks,
IsajaiKSSiffeSi vr. a. pi.ummeb.
. Tel. Main M3. Ill Clay at.
DCOr.CHFHT Delightfully situated In the
DcKUOuLlHl Eanta Crux Redwood*. Ratea
•7 and $8 per week. For circulars address O.
p. BIEDENWEG. R. D. 121. Santa Cnn, Cat
'~. .
JOHANNISBERG.l
New hotel: modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, .fishing, swimming, boat-
ing- $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURO JR.. Prop.. Oakvllle. Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
TASHIOW BTABI.ES
! GILROY. Cal. > Direct line to Gllroy Hot
Springs. All open carriages;' first-class turn-
outs- beet stock In State; telegraph and phone
crders promptly attended to. H. T. MAYOCK.
Prop. : ; '- ' J ' ' ¦- " ¦
LAKE SHOSB HOUSE— Glenbrook,
N'ev, Cottages to rent $5 up. lst-class board, milk
andxirjam. fresh vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
Bathing Suits
20 Post Street
WHY NOT TRY \ . .
Highlaod
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE j
Spripgs j
WE OFFER YOU THE BEST OF MINERAL
* * waters, accommodations and service.
Tabl« unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All the popular sports and .amusements. Liv-
ery, telephone and postofflce.
Shortest route and cheapest fare to Lake 1
County. Most centrally situated. Delightful '
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resort*.
Make your reservations now.
TERMS — $10 to *17 50 per week. For Book-
If*. f*e.~. call on our agent. H. R. DUFFIN.
C38 Market street, or address
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs. Cal.
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs san Lu & 0I>1sp<> -
The most ideal reaort for pleasure and
health on thfc Paclflc Coast. Buy round
1 trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, San Luis
_ Oblspo, Cal., and return. Including stage
to and from springs and ono week's
board for 92O.OO to 822.OO. according
to location of rooms, or board and a com-
mcdations $i>.OO to 912.OO per week.
Scenic surroundings. free bathing. ,
boating and fishing on grounds. Fine
shady walks, tennis and croquet grounds.
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Oas
throughout bulldirurs and grounds. Our
table is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Obispo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
There is a bi? cement tank
full of warm mineral
water at '
AETNA SPRINGS
«
On warm sunny days it
echoes with fun and frolic
Just send for Booklet.
AETNA SPRINGS CO.,
Napa/Co., Calif. '
THE BEST f
WEATHER FINE t
I FALLS FULL \
YOSEMITE 1
? •»»»»«»•»»»• ••••••••••••
T3T .TTTT!
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O.-WEISMAN. Mldlake P. O., Lake Co.. Cal..
or call on Dr. Happersberger, 1101 Market. S. F.
T-jAIKIIES
SEIGLER Springs
Natural Hot Plunge and Steam Baths. Posi-
tive cure for rheumatism, asthma. Wonderful
waters for liver, kidney and all stomach troub-
les. Swimming pond, orchestra. Fare $J re-
turn trip. Electric lights. Housekeeping cot-
tages. Arsenic beauty baths. Rates $10 to $12
per week. Baths and amusements free. H. H.
McGOWAN. prop., Seigler, Lake Co., Cal.
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management; no staging; depot on
grounds; phone; fare |2 40: Tiburon ferry;
: rates $10 to $15 week; table first-class ; our
• own dairy: hot mineral baths; swimming tank;
livery; billiard*; croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery St.. or BARKER &
ROSS. Lytton Springs, Sonoma , County. Cal.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America. The only lake
resort that has its own mineral springs. Boat-
' Ing. rvimming, fishing and hunting. EDGAR
: DURNAN. sole proprietor. Laurel Dell P. O..
Lako County. Cal.
VICH/'SPRiNCS
Three miles from Ukiah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champacne baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal
spring; accommodations and tabla first class.
/ J. A. REDEMETER. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 13. Two miles from Hopland.
.Tine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Ratee $10 to $12 per week.
CAMPBELL HOT SFHX2TGS, S
In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sierra County.
tXOO feet elevation. Are beautifully located
at the head of the great Sierra Valley. 3O
miles long by 5 miles wide, surrounding which
la the great primeval forest, of pine and fir. A
specialty Is made or the table. The Hot springs
are unequaled for the cure of rheumatism,
gout, liver and kidney complaints and all blood
land «kln diseases. Rates for room and board.
• $12 to $14 per week. Round trip from San
I Francisco to springs via Boca. $14 30. Stage
I dally except Sunday, connecting- with 6 p. m.
train from San Francisco. - ¦
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Itartlett Spring*
v i m Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at 12;3U;
arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at BarU«tt
Springs, at 7:30. New ft-horse 14-pasaenger
tourist i wagons. - with all the most modern Im-
provements. Passenger* for Lakeport or Ban.
lett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Sprln*j
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at office
of CaJKomla N. W. By.. 850 Markst st. or
at Tiburen ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Propj.
WAIili SPBIHGS — On Guernevilla
branch Cal. N. W. R. R., Sonoma Co.; phone;
pavilion: bus meets morning train; hot sulphur
baths; circulars. MRS. C. . N. MEREDITH,
prep.. Healdsburg, R. D. 1.
BUCKS.
By Frank H. Spearman.
Those who have learned to. love
this famous character will be
thrilled to read of his adven-
ture with his own mother in
as pretty and manly a bit of
heroism as has ever been
written.
XEXT SUNDAY CALL.
adve:rtiseieent8>
HUMPHREYS'
Homeopatljlc Specifics cure by acting
directly on the sick parts without dis-
turbing the rest of the system.
No. . . CURES. Price.
1. Fevers, Congestions Inflammations, . .25
2. Worm*, Worm Fever, or Worm
Diseases 2S
i 3. Colic, Crying and Wakerulness cf In-
fants 25
: 4. IHnrrliea, of Children and Adults... 25
5. Dysentery, Gripinge, Bilious Cojic.25
I «. Cholera, Cholera Morbus, Vomiting. .25
7. Couffh.s, Colds, Bronchitis .......25
S. Toot luii" lit'. Faceache, Neuralgia. ....25
O. Ilendaclie, Sick Headache/ Vertigo. .33
10. DywpepNia, Indigestion, Weak Stom-
ach 35
11. Suppreanecl Menses, or Scanty. ...25
12. Lencorrhea, or ProfUM Menses 25
i:j. Croap, Hoarse Cough, Laryngitis 25
14. Suit Klicum, Eruptions. Erysipelas.. 25
15. HlieuiiintlMiti, or Rheumatic Pains.. 25
1C. Fever and Aqrue, Malaria 25
17. Piles, Blind or Bleeding, External. In-
ternal 25
18. Ophthalmia, Weak or Inflamed Eyea.25
ltt. Cntnrrh, Influenza. Cold in Head 25
20. U'liouplng Cough, Spasmodic Cough. 25
21. Ak( Imtn. Oppressed, Difficult Breath-
ing .25
22. Ear DincharKC, Earache 25
2». Scrofula, Swellings and Ulcers 25
24. General Debility, Brain Fag 25 I
25. Dropsy* Fluid Accumulations 25
2<J. Sett-Sickness, Nausea, Vomiting... .25
27. Kidney Diseane, Gravel, Calculi... 25
2S. .Nervous Debility, Vital Weak- j
ness Sl.UO :
2O. Sore .Month, or Canker 25
au. Urinary Incontinence, Wetting !
Bed T25
31. Painful* Menses, Pruritus 25
:t2. Dim-nnes of the Heart, Palpita-
tions S1.00
.".::. Kv 11 i>|i«y. St. Vltus 1 Dance....... 91.OO
:t4. Sore Throat, Quinsy and Diphtheria. 25
iiTi. Chronic Congetitlons, Headaches. .25
77. Urlppe, Hny Fever and. Sum-
mer Colds 25
At Druggists', or mailed.
Cloth Bound Book mailed free.
Humphreys* Medicine Co., Cor. William and
John Streets, New York.
SUMMER Wmi
DECORATION DAY
HOL|DAYS.
I SPECIAL EXCURSION RATES
! *
I FOR THE THREE HOLIDATS, SAT-
URDAY. SUNDAY and MON-
DAY. May 28, 29 and
Z>\ the
; California Northwestern Ry.,
¦ ".EE PICTUBLSQOE HOUTS Of CALIFOKNU
will make one fare for the round trip
from San Francisco to all points on the
road excerit suburban.
These tickets will be good going 1
i Saturday, Sunday or Monday, with re-
turn limit Tuesday, May 31.
This will give many an opportunity
to get out into the country for a short
trip Just when it is at its prettiest.
Get a copy of "VACATION. 1904,"
look over It and take a pleasant outing '
during these three - days and at the
same time arrange for your summer.
outing. , j • *?
On Monday." May 30, the train •will
leave Camp Vacation at o:00 p. m. and
Guerneville at 5:20 p. m. From Glen
Ellen at 6:15 p. m. Both trains will
stop at intermediate points, arriving
in San Francisco at 8:45 p. m.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street,
Chronicle building, and Tiburon ferry,
I foot of Market street; general office,
1 Mutual Life building, corner of San-
some and California streets, San Fran-
cisco.
H. C. WHITING, Gen. Manager.
; R. X. RYAN. Gen. Paas. Agent.
! Olf/l/^f*O HOT SPRINGS, SONOMA
Un/iSJlJU COUNTY: only 44 hours
from San Francisco and
but 9 miles rtaging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State; boating and ;
e vi lmm ing in Warm Spring Creek; good trout :
strtame: telephone, telegraph, daily mail, ex- i
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papfrs; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
i SERVICE: both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from Sun Francisco only (5 50. Take
Tiburon ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates *2 a day. or $12 a week. References, any
gueet of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery st. or of
J. F. MULGREW. Skaggy. Cal. !
TAHOE TAVEBlf- Situated on the'
shores of Lake Tahoe. the largest and most
beautiful body of water In the world at this
elevation, is now open for the accommodation
of guests. The tavern will be conducted this I
season by Mr. F. W. Richardson, manager of :
California's famous mission hotel. The Glen- ;
wood, Riverside, which in sufficient guarantee
that it will be strictly first-class. The table
will be Bupjilled with all delicacies of the sea-
son, while fishermen will be constantly em- i
ployed to furnish lake trout. For rates artdren
' F. W. RICHARDSON.
WHITE SULPHUB SP&XXGS, VaUslo,
Cal.— Most accessible springs to San Francisco;
round trip $1, no stage fare; only 2Uj hours*
, ride- 5 miles from Vallejo; hot. cold and !
plunge sulphur baths: wonderful cures of rheu- :
1 matlsm. neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and
; rtotnach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lako '
, for boating and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowling alley and shuffle board. Rates,
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID, Vailejo. Cal.
BROCKWAY.
Best fishine on Lake Tahoe. The only hot
springs. No better table anywhere. Saddle
and driving horwen, launches and row boats,
; new casino and bathhouse. Write for partic-
ulars FRANK B. ALVERSON. Brockway,
Lake Tafcoe, Cal. 1
) WHITNEY HOUSE,
Truckee, Cal. The leading hotel. Headquar-
ters icr tourists and commercial men. Summer
1 ami winter resort. Meal station for pa«s.-n-
1 pcrs. Stage for Lakes Independence and Web-
: ber. Camnbell Hof Springs and Sierravllle.
STEWART McKAY, proprietor.
LAKE TAHOE.
LAKESIDE PARK. Open May 1. Hotel,
cottages and tents. Popular family resort. De-
lightful camping grounds near steamer land*
ing. Furnished tents to rent. Booklets. Trav-
elers' Bureau, 30 Montgomery st., or of E. B.
! Smith & Co.. Statellne P. O., Cal.
"THE OBOTE."
Lake Tahoe. half a mile east of Tallac, on
lak.* ehore; rates $2.00 a day; ?10.00 a week;
meals 50c. Good saddle homes and the best
of livery. Boats free to all guests. J. E,
PARMETER, proprietor, Tallac, Cal.
Z.AUBEZ1 GBOVE PARK— Children's
resort during rummer vacation; best of home
care; beautiful grounds; climate perfect: fresh
milk and eggs: open June 1: terms $5 per
week. MRS. G. W. NICHOLS. Dimond P. O.,
Frultvale.
BED WOOD VJXI.A KESOBT. ¦
Excellent board, home cooking; tent ground,
! If desired, with board. $5. Room and board SS
tj $10. Best hunting and fishing. MRS. A. L.
ACKERMAN. La Honda. San Mateo County.
OCCIDENTAL " HOTEL, EAYWABDS,
• First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowling,
amusement ball. etc. Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDARD. Prop., phone
Black 141. . - - '.
KIVEBSIDE HOTEL and COTTAGES
—Near beach; 30 acres beautiful grounds; spe-
cial rates to families; write for booklet. F.
DARSON. Proprietor. Santa Cruz.
.
BELLEVTm HOTEL, . SI Verano, So-
noma Co.. Cal Terms, II day and up; hot
mineral springs near by. Long distance tele-
phone; daily mall. JOHN SERRES. Proprietor.
SCHAEFEB'S GSO VE — BOSS VALLEY.
Private boarding; terms reasonable. • Teaa»
met-ts Sunday morning trains. Address MRS.
MATT LINDSAY, Ross Station. I
ADVESTISEHENTS»
Only Words of Praise
For ttie Great Elestro-Giieriiic
Treaiment.
—^^ A ¦woman who
<3tev bad • taken just
/^h. three Electro-
/i Clicaiic Treatment*
t^^ty^- ~£8r*+. *ai*: "Doctor, if the
V *T 3 "XlL' VjfirilW'* snfferinfr women of
/ \i 8Bi«mF California only
' J fcne-sr of this woa-
\ fi'^fi-'fl't fl derful treatment
%SrJB ifKSMSl y ctt tvonld hava to
sN@/, //• rent the Palace
• »c*»^ Hotel to hold all
yottr p&tteat«."
A. man said: "Doctor, X feel like stand-
ing- on the street corners and shontinf
tie praise cf Electro-chemistry. After
.years of suffering-, after years of drag'- '¦
glug-, after years cf robbery by quacks
here I find myself, in a few weeks/ at
: trifiirg 1 expense, thoroughly cured by
the Electro-Cfcenic Treataert."
R " "Si- M *«Xi:irnE, an old resident
¦cf San Francisco, praises the wonderful
•new treatment. Mr. XacXenzle says:
I rie?!re to give r.iy voluntary tfsilmony to
¦y rnectro-Chemic Institute. IIS Grant aW :
• ?ar ' S 2L as re sards my cure at chronic
. bronchitis The very f. m treatment benefited
•ne ar.3 the improvement continued till the
-.re * as. complete. I do also certify that the
Peftre-Qenae fcpray i« equally directive m
csrins rheumatism, catarrh and etomach
• -oub.es. The Electro-Chf-nilc treatment *ur-
;*sses ar.y treatment 1 have used in twenty
!• : <a:s , ¦¦ r <2 Hjj charges are very reasonable.
The Electro-Chereic specialist who alwavs at-
.tesdQd roe did so with the greatest cor.sldera-
I. tioo, kindness, carr.estness and. ekill and I
»« not ciitneed about froni one doctor to
ry.-ther.
.. .- ,-gr.e;!) A. MacKENZIE,
CC1 Missouri st.. San Francisco.
Mr. atacKeazie is a well-known em-
T?lcre of the XTnion Iron Works. Se Is
a rectleman of Intelligence and intejr-
rtty, uea known in the city. His word
caa be implicitly relied upca
ELECTRO-CHEKIG SPECIALTIES:
riectro-Chemistry cores quickly, pain-
lessly sx.0. cneaply Cancers, Tumors, Old
V leers. Eczema. Shemnatlsm, XTeuralgla,
Z.ocomotor Ataxia, Paralysis, Deafness,
Ksad Ztcises, Znscmnia. Goitre. Brijrht's
D:sease, Diabetes, Dyspepsia, Plica, All
Dif eases cf the Stomach. Liver, Kidneys,
r;-ider and Bowels, all Hervous Dis-
eases and Special Diseases of Ken and
Woaen.
j'ree examination, diagnosis, advice
&z4 trial treatment.
HOME TREATMENT.
The Octro-Chemic Home Treatment cures
Quickly, thoroughly . end cheaply. Outside pa-
I *•::« are loaned an expensive Electro-Chemlc
rrparat-js fr*e of charge. It is always best to
;r:e for a r'<*2"*ocal examination when possible
V. mt patients car. return home the same day,"
•akSr^r the r.ecessarj- fcome treatment along.
Those »ho cannot ccir.e should write for in-
structions regarding- home examination and
treatment.
ELEGTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
113 GSAITT AVZl, Cor. Post St, ;
SAN FRAXCISCO.
<"t?«oe hours — 9 a. ra. to 5 p. m. aad 7 to S
r ED. <Je.i'.y. Enadays — 10 a. in. to 1 p m.
- •-•:-arate apartments for ladies and gentlemen.
I (SSitS T)
I GficmdonJ
\ WHiTE SEAL (Grand Cuvee) I
) Unsurpassed in Quality g
• I Jhywa jxd Flavor g
\ — S<'t& york Times I f
[• jWlliamWofflSLGxr
I- « Pacific Coast Agents — I
'• /? *5an Foawcuco B
An Styles. Goaruxteed.
"". Tea know! Where the dolls swing* In
the window.
1051 Market St.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION* AND AFFAIRS
.METROPOLITAN
PLATE GLASS
f: INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF N'EW
Vcrk. on the Slst day of December, A. D.
19(5. and for the year ending on that day. as i
' ir.ade to the Insurance Comirlssioner of the
' Kate cf California, pursuant to the provisions
at sections €10 and fill of the Political Code.
'.-criJensed as j*r iulaak furnished by the Com-
rr.lEaSoner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Caeh $200.000 00
ASSETS. ~—
Leans en Bonds and Mortgages J437.8M (X>
•• *a*h In Company's Of lice 3,161 fiO
¦ <-arh in Banks 26,445 19
I»t<-re«t due end accrued on all
F*-o<-l:»' and Loans 3,416 63
- I'rrir.lums In due Course of Collee-
. r:a''*oiass"c*n'hJs'na** 1.671 59
Actuals due fcr Glacs sold C39 10
Total astetf .»5C6.&03 2*
LIAEILITIES. — —
t^ses In process cf Adjustment or
(a 8twp«nse $4,472 97'
C: E9 ,.nmlu*xis on Risks running
ogc y«2ir or less $:555,9S0 34; re-
ir.«urance 50 per cent 177.990 17
To-jlI liabilities S182.4C3 H
" . INCOME. ™
Net T.fh actually r'-ceived for pre-
miuitis $343,156 SO
lif fi iv*d for lntert*t and dividends .
•on IJ.jnd*. Stocks Loane. and from
a;: other sources 18,231 71 ,
• . Total income 5-561.448 01 j
— — ;
EXPENDITURES.
N<t tniou^t paid ffer Lo»«ea $1 16.041 4.S
Dividends to Stockholder* 20,000 00
•. PfUS <>r allowed for ComiKlssion or
- lirckerase 120.6C3 91
l'^id /cr Salaries. Fc-e». and other
cfcjLTKes for orncers. clerka. etc 42.500 40
' * Pa.d ror Stat^. National, and Local
' tixe. .- 10,097 75
. All ether payment* and expenditures. 23.407 66
' - Tctal txpenSJtarcB $33S.717 10
'. C'gy^ incurred during the year $114,976 92
K U. WINFLOW. President.
• • S. W. BURTON. Secretary.
- Subscribed and «wcrn to before me. this 7th
• Ujr of J«nuaryJ^ HrKoUry F^W.o.
¦"• 5IAM & WILSON. Managers
KF. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
~ S\% FHAXCtSCO. CAI^.
• .«EEZXy CAXL t $1.00 PEB YEAS.
[HOT SPRINGS
i For health and pleasure. Reno-
j vated and I improved. -Water
unsurpassed , for 'rheumatism,
kidney, liver and -stomach trou-
ble. Trained " masseur. ' ' Long
distance phone. Trains from
Third and Townsend at 9
a. m". and 3 p. jti. Write for
pamphlets.
R. ROBERTSON*.
CAZADERO
The Gem of y All North era Retreats.
Grove; Fore.it, Glade aad Dell.
Crest. Canyon. Hill and Sale.
Knoll, Knob. Peak and Mountain.
The home of the trout and the haunt of Ut«
deer. Reached over the. North Shore Ry., via
Sausallto Ferry.
A year ago I leased this resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure t»
tel! you that, owing to last season's big and
unprecedented patronage. I have purchased tikis
magnificent domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop-
erties, insurer the beet of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building containing a bo-wling alley has
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
ing and bathing on the river, all free to guesta.
Free camplng-srounds in the Caxadero giant
j redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rules must be cornp!l?d with.
Lets, one-quarter acre, for sale, from $10(1
up. and cottages built to suit at city figures.
Take Sansallto Ferry via North Shore Rail-
road. Round trip, good for six months. $3 73.
Round trip. Friday till Monday, $3: no stag-
ing: depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages, $2 per day; $10 to $14 per week; spe-
cial rate by the month.
For particulars other than herein given writ*
J. J. THIRION, owner and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero. Sonoma Co., Cal., or North Shore
R. R. office. C28 Market st.. S3n Francisco.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Cruz County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Will open May 15th under entirely new mu>
earement. Round 'rip tickets from San Kron-
eitco $3.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery st.. S. F.. or to WILLIAM u.
DODGE. Lessee.
LAKE COUNTY
New, comfortable carriages direct to the
r.ir«t picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line >n the State. Leaves Calls-
toga dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to IIarb',n. Seigler, Adams. Howard. Aa-
derson. Hcberg*. Spiers. Astorgs and Glenbrook:
half hour fc>r lunch at Calistoga; also .to' Mid-
dletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyville and Lakeport.
Livery In. connection. WM. SPIERS. 'Prop.
WHY EXPERIMENT ?
GO to ADAMS SPRINGS
Lake County. Cal.. and get cured of stomach,
liver and kidney trouble. Information at Peck's
Bureau. 11 Montgomery st., and at Travelers'
Bureau, 30 Montgomery st. Reduced rates, $'.»
for roond trip. Testimonials of more- people,
cured than any springs in California. Send lor
book. Address DR. W. R. PRATHER.' Adams
Springs.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian Rtrsr
below Guernevllle In a grove a mils and a ftalj
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats: will build a dam In toe river; 4 miles
of smooth irater for boating and bathing.
Adulta $2 per day. $10 per week; ehlldrea
under 10 half rates. Special rates tar fami-
lies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. I* C. CNO-
PITJS. Camp Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County. Cat.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND.
Santa Cruz izbtmtaina.
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery, or S. P. Co.. 613 Market. . B.
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. CaL
LOS GATOS.
H0TE1. LYNDON — Modern lmprovesjeats.
ertecsive grounds; popular amusements; tswa
tennis, croquet; climate unsurpassed. Opposite)
depot. J. P. MOOKN3QN. Prop.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Open June 1. new hotel: large dlnlag-rootn.
telephone, bunting, fishing, swimming, bowl-
ing dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau,
30 Montgomery sL DR. W. A. McCORNACK.
proprietor.
Own Shim Hums £ I E££?co. Camp MeeSer
Pure water, equable -climate, lots selling II*
op: cottages built by Meeker. $30 up; depot:
stores; restaurant: hotel; post aad express:
telephone; sawmill; 900 'lots sold; 300 cottage*
bnilt. Sansallto ferry, N. S. R. R. M. C
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
rnnnoc nECT* r ' 0r< l e>9 Rest, heart of Santa
FORDb 5 KbM Cms Mts.. C. P. C R. R..
round trip $3; enlarged: surrounded by two -ro-
mantic trout streams; fishing, bunting, bathias:
a picturesque place. Adulta $6 SO per week,
children half price. W. C. FORDE. Eccles.
Cal. ; ¦ "__
nrrn DlDl' R'V and cottages; 6 miles from
L'fctK I AKA Inn Lake Tahoe; open Jun« 1;
elevation O>7 feet; mineral springs; booklet 11
Montgomery st. p^
CaXXFOBOTA EEDWOOD ?ABX (Big
Basin) — Upion Mill Camp and Tavern: S miles
ficm Botflder Creek R. R. station. Dally stage.
Family table. Furnished cabins; eamptns
grounds: $3 and $10 per week. Under the gian;
redwoods; perfect climate: grand scenery.
-8EPP" GRAHAilER. Bouldar Creek. Cal.
LiarDlTEK'S FASX. Gnararrll!*.
A resort • tor your family. Partly furnished
cottages, $12 per month and up. Tents and
platforms. Near Russian River. Board and
room at $? 50 per week. See PECK'S. U
Montrornery st '"'
M0UNT.V1H TXEW BJ.NC3 H0XE&
and cottages. In the mountains, near Slant*
Crux. Flrst-«lass table and accom.. gas, baths,
phone, dally mafl bowling, croqu.^amujw-
, roents: terms. $0 ap. Camper* to Glen woo* Inc.
carriage. $3 75 round trip. FRANK R. DAAN.
Santa Cruz. Frederlcksen & Sutton. Manager*.
y&jOvr RANCH, delightfully located In
redwoods 5 miles from Santa Cruz. Sprtnj
: water fruit, milk, excellent tabte: dally tn^l;
! free conveyance; $7 week: pnoneSuburoan 37.
MRS. W. CRANDELL. Santa Crnl. CaL
i DE LA F.OZA resort. Santa Cruz Mountains:
• cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J GIBBS. Mgr.. Glbba. Cal.
FOR rent at Camp Meeker— Furnished com**,
for housekeeping. Box 25ft Call office.
• CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
: Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year foe - 1 1.
The Reason Why
BARTLETT
i Is so popular as a HEALTH and
1 PLEASURE resort:
The increasing numbers benefited
by visiting the Springs.
| The purity and agreeable taste of
the waters.
The delightful and health-giving
baths.
The excellency of the table.
The dry and bracing atmosphere.
The walks and drives ..through the
mountains.
The hunting and fishing with all
kinds of amusements.
Nature and man vying with each
other to give all a delightful time.
RATES — Hotel, 512.00 to $17.50 per
week; housekeeping cottages, $3.00 to
$15.00 a week.
Write J. B. McMahan, Bartlett
Springs. Cal., or call at 2 Sutter St.,
San Francisco.
1 "NEW" SANTA GRUZl
CONTINUOUS ENTERTAINMENT
DAT AK1> NIGHT.
TUW, JULY, AUGUST and
SEPTEMBER.
Something Doing All the Tim*.
New mammoth casino and bathing pa-
vilion; the finest in the West.
New tent city on the beach. .
New 500-foot pleasure pier.
Dally military band concerts.
Dances every evening.
Brilliant electrical illuminations.
New and novel water sports, boating and
fishing.
Safest and best surf bathing on the
-Ccast; no undertow.
. Finest climate; grandest drives; largest
trees.
Most amusements of any resort on the
Coast.
Special excursion ticket* at reduced rates
from all points by S. P. Co.. to
| "NEW'.' SANTA CRUZ ]
FREE EXCURSION
-TO-
SPRINGS
7V1AX 1O, 19O4.
• For the next sixty days the Tuscan Mineral
Spring* Corporation Till furnish railroad trans-
portation to and from Tuscan Springs and any
points within 300 miles, free to visitors who
spend thirty days, and free fare one way to
those spending twenty days at the springs.
Send £0c In stamps for bottle of stomach and
catarrh sale. Booklet free.
Rates $12 per week and up.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRING CORP.,
Tuscan. Cal.
Santa Catalina Island
3Vi Hours From Los Angeles. Season 1904.
Our Famous Marine Band..
Hunting mountain goat, nailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing on the
coast.
Camp Life a Special Feature.
i Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
! able rates.
Hotel Metropole.
| -Modern in all particulars.
; For further Information address
i PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU 11
Montgomery St., or BANNING CO.. 222 S.
Spring "t.. Los Angeles.
Hotel EL CARMELO
Pacific Grove. California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts.
The place to spend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. - Raten
with board $2 60 a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. 8end for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDY, Manager.
PARAISO SPRINGS
: . California.
The leading aumnr-ir r*aort of Cali-
fornia. Hot soda. and sulphur bath.i.
Excellent table. Concert by Bro-
haska's Band every day. Send fcr
beautiful booklet and rates to
r. W. SCHBOEDEB, Mgr.
Harbin Springs
Most desirable in Lake Co.; contains sulphur.
Iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and bllllard-room. Acetylene gas
plant, livery, home dairy, fine vegetable garden.
Round trip tickets, S. P. office. $7. J. A.
HAYS, 1-roprletor.. '
niin All H#t Sw^nga; online South-
1 1 V 1 1 I I HI * ra Paclfi c; 2 Vi hours from
K I K I I IB San^ Francisco: 3 trains
11 1 ll'llll dally; luxurious mineral
M I I I %J I 1 and mud baths; hotel
. unique in . cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau. 613 Market St., Peck's Bureau, 11
Montgomery it, or H. R. WARNER, Byron
Hot Springs. California.
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous ' mountain health and pleasure
resort la now opea for the patronage of toe
public. Address JOHN JACOBS.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively since last season.
Opens April 1. THOS. U BELL.. Mgr.. Felton,
CaL Bay tickets to Tuxedo,' narrow-gaugat
foot ot Market street. Round trip. J3. 00. <
K.B.B.B. TOCALOMA Iiriidt.
Bert rand Hotel; flret-class accommodations;
special rates for families and parties; fishing,
hunting boating, bathing; beautiful drives to
Bear Valley; telephone. JOSEPH ' F. BER-
TRAND. or Bulletin Of flee, every Thursday. 2
to 4 p.m. - :>;¦ ;¦Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cai
tfornla street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California Glace fruits la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st*
Thic dairies of San Francisco are again under the lash
of official censure,, and all sbrtsof reform are. bristling in
the air of officialdom.- We have had many of these scares
and out of each has come, some good ' to the city, but
until the crusade against dishonest dealers is made per
manent and systematic the evil of impure milk will re
main a menace to. the community.
The visit of Wilhelmina, Queen of
Holland, to Italy, recalls her life in
Florence with her mother in her girl
hood. They lived in a modest way, go
ing out daily on foot. It la related that
one day they were going along the
Lung 'Arno, when they were accosted
by a beggar. The Queen Regent want
ed to push on, fearing that her daugh
ter might catch some fearful disease,
but the little Queen, having a will of
her own, Insisted on stopping. She
Questioned the man in broken Italian,
JVilhclmina's Beggar.
Somewhat Severe.
The Liverpool Post makes a succinct
statement of the punishment of crimes
in Korea which would seem to demon
strate the fact that it pays to be good
in that godless land. Here is the gris
ley array:
Treason, man — Decapitated, together
with male relatives to the fifth degree.
Mother, 'wife and daughter poisoned or
reduced to slavery.
Treason, woman — Poisoned.
Murder, man— Decapitated; wife poi
soned.
Murder, woman— Strangled or poi
soned.
Arson, man — Strangled or poisoned;
wife poisoned.
.Arson, woman — Poisoned.
Theft, man— Strangled, decapitated
or banished; wife reduced to slavery;
confiscation <jf all property.
Desecration of graves— Decapitajted,
together with male relatives to the fifth
degree; mother, wife and' daughter
poisoned.
Counterfeiting— Strangulation or de
capitation; wife poisoned.' ¦:<•;. ¦?&
A night clerk in one of. our fashionable uptown hotels
was recently recreant to his trust, turned burglar in the
house he was employed to protect and, now languishes
in durance vile. Serves him right for taking an unpro
fessional advantage of his fellows who Jiave to break
through bars and bolts for their 'quarry. When a thief
takes pay for the opportunity given him to rob a man he
has passed the limit of hospitality.
TREASURY WHITEWASH— J. W.
D., City. The following is the recipe
for what ; ; known as United 1 States
Treasury Denrtment * whitewash.. It
has been found by experience to an
swer equally well on brick, wood or/
stone, and that it is almost as good as
paint and much cheaper: Slack a half
bushel of unshicked lime with boillncr
water, keeping it covered during- the
process: strain it a- , a'dd a peel; of
salt, dissolved in '.warm water; three
pounds of ground rice nut in boiling
water and boiled to a thin paste; half
a pound of powdered Sj nish whitlns
and a pound of clear glue dissolved in
warm water: mix these well together
and allow the mixture to stand for
several days. Keep the v . thus
prepared in a kettle or portable fur
nace and when used put it on as hot aa
possible with painter3* or whitewash
brushes.
The Russians are still distressing .heir thought cen
ters to determine by what artifices of naval warfare the
Japanese have accomplished their signal victories in the
campaign .against Port Arthur. While .the inquiry is a
natural, one, its answer now seems remote. # Let .the
Russians wait until peace is declared and then some
Japanese admiral might be invited to make a Russian
lecturing tour of exposition and kindly enlightenment.
Tile widening is urged strongly by large holders of
real estate. If there* is any opposition it has not publicly
developed. The effect on the Fourth street sidewalks will
be to reduce them from nineteen to fifteen feet in
width. A similar move was made in Third street, with
one block nearest to Market street being exceptcd. The
improved condition of Third street is used to- illustrate
the prospective appearance of Fourth street with wider
roadway and narrower sidewalks than it had formerly;
If the great increase in business and traffic in the
block bounded by. Third and Fourth arid Market and Mis
sion streets could have been foreseen when the city was
laid out there- would probably have been a street between
Third and Fourth . streets running south from s Market
street. The solid improvements that have been erected in
this business, section make it certain that no such street
can N be>ut;through between Third and Fourth streets for
A PETITION of owners of property is before the
Board of Supervisors for the widening of the
roadway of Fourth street. Tq secure greater road
space it is proposed to take four feet from the sidewalk
on each side of the street, making eight feet in all.. The
petition has been recommended. by the Board of Works
and will come before the. Street Committee of the
Board of Supervisors to-morrow for consideration. The
argument advanced in behalf of the widening of Fourth
street is that, it is a main thoroughfare that leads from
Market street to the Potrero and South San Francisco
and that it is rapidly becoming so congested during busi
ness hours that street travel. and the passage of teams
encounter serious interference. : ,
WIDENING BUSINESS STREETS.
ROSE LEAVES — Mrs. C. L. F..
Alameda. Cal. The following is given
as a recipe for the preparation of rose
leaves for either a rose jar or pillow:
Sun dry the leaves of any of the fra
grant roses, place them in a jar. add
a few cloves, a little cinnamon bark
and a little alcohol, just enough to
moisten the leaves. The leaves should
then be placed in the covered jar In
the sun, where it may get warm. ':'Jt
not hot. After exposure a delightful
fragrance U emitted from the Jar. The
leaves so prepared may be placed in
a pillow or sachet bag. but the fra
grance when exposed to the air will
not be enduring. '
The United States Circuit Court in this jurisdiction
decided the other day a case that had been on the files
of the tribunal for forty-nine years. This surely is an
encouraging sign that litigataion in the Federal courts
may reach a conclusion before time has woven the web
of. two generations of life and before the issues in con
troversy have attained the dignity of ancient history.
SNEEZING — A. S., City. There is
a superstition to the effect that the
sneezing of a cat indicates good luck
to a bride. There is another that if
a cat sneezes thrice a cold will run
through the family owning the cat.
JEWELRY — J. K., City. The tar
iff on a jrold chain or other Jewelry
imported into the United States from
a foreign country is 60 per cent ad
valorem.
Anszi'crs to Queries.
The deepest sounding ever made by
any vessel was by the United States
ship Nero while on the Honolulu-Ma
nila cable survey, with apparatus bor
rowed from the Albatross. When near
Guam the Nero got 526D fathoms, or
31,614 feet, only 66 feet less than six
miles. If Mount Everest, the highest
mountain on earth, were set down in
this hole, it would have above its sum
mit a depth of 2612 feet, or nearly hal?
a mil^ of water. — National Geographic
Magazine.
Ocean Deptlts.
"We have been compelled on one or
two occasions, however, to charge
more when a man is exceptionally tall
or stout. One of our customers, who
is over six feet . high and is forty-six
inches, around the chest and forty-sev
en Inches around the waist, takes five
and a half yards -double width for a
lounge suit. We ask another guinea
and he pays it readily." /-,
This question was answered by a
West End tailor. "What we make by
the little man we lose on the biff man,"
he said: "for we pay our men extra
when they are working on a giant's
suit. \---v^
"The tallest men in the world come
from Galloway and Perthshire, and
Yorkshire's average is a fine one. Even
that of Southwest England and South
Wales — five feet six inches — is far
higher than that of many of the Con
tinental nations.
"The tallest men after the men of
Galloway, who have an average of
nearly six feet, are the Fulahs of the
French Soudan, and the Patagonlans
are believed to hold a very good aver
age."
"In London the average is as low as
in South Wales and the little man fre
quently asks why he should have to
pay the same price for a suit of
clothes as the country bred giant.
'The old armor, if a man of good
average height could squeeze into it
to-day, would be found loose fitting
In the shoulders and at the chest
A walk through the Tower of Lon
don will convince any person that the
armor-clad knights of medieval days
were puny men compared with the
athlete- of to-day.
The experiment of getting into suits
of old armor in country houses has
often proved that the "legs" are far
too short for the average man of the
present generation.
A well known anthropologist at the
British Museum says that undoubtedly
the British race is taller than it was
several hundred years ago.
"I think, however, that the medieval
man was deeper chested and broader
in the shoulder," he said.
To the evidence of the tailor that
Englishmen are taller than they were
may be added that of the anthropolo
gist, according to the London Ex
press.
Race Is Growing.
A French naval officer has made it
possible, with certain changes in the
fire boxes, to burn a fuel in the form
of petroleum briquettes, -which gives
off no smoke. The officer claims his in
vention will give fuel of which one
pound is equivalent to four pounds of
coal. The briquettes are made by add
ing to petroleum oil, for each litre, ISO
grammes of ground soap. 150 grrammes
of resin and SOO grammes of caustic
soda lye. This mixture is first heated
and stirred until near solidification,
when it is poured into molds, which
in turn are then placed in an oven for
ten or fifteen minutes, and the bri
quettes are ready for use after cooling
a few hours. Greater solidity may be
obtained by the addition of a small
quantity of sawdust and a little clay
or sand.
Petroleum Briquettes.
IT is gratifying to observe that mining methods in
California are considered to be so superior that four
teen students from the University of Minnesota have
come to this State to study in the mines of Nevada Coun
ty. The young men are accompanied by Professor Van
Uarneveld and Instructor E. P. McCarthy, both of whom
will also pick up some practical information about mining
while they are in California.
The Minnesota School of Mines. sends a class annually
to study at some central point where mining is actually
in progress. Classes have in turn visited Butte and Ana
conda in Montana and mining centers in Utah, Colorado,
Michigan and Minnesota. The present class begins its
practical studies in California by an investigation of
quartz mining. Stamp milling, drift mining, cyaniding,
smelling, dredging for gold and other forms of'mineral
recovery are all in their reach in California. •
Incidentally, and this ought not to be lost sight of,
these incipient mining engineers will get some knowl
edge of the mineral resources of this State, which are
varied and vast, to take away and impart.
The great mother lode alone has wealth in it beyond
calculation. Modern methods make its low grade ores
profitable, while its high-class ores will reward the for-,
tunate with more immediate wealth. Ancient river
channels contain treasures like to those of ancient Ophir.
.Iudustrious'j.hpplication of skill will add their stores to
the world's- opulence. California needs money to de
velop its resources, and in no direction is this more true
than when applied to mines.
The coming of these mining students from far-away
Minnesota supplies a hint to this State that may be
valuably used. They will in time be advisers to capital
ists who are seeking to put their money in mining prop
erties. The mining engineers of the present time come
mainly from mining schools and universities where there
are maintained special mining departments. To en
courage the Minnesota students is desirable; so equally
it would be to induce students from mining schools in
all parls of the United States to visit California and in
spect its mines.
The advance party from Minnesota may well be fol
lowed by others from the Columbia School of Mines,
from the mining departments of Yale.tHarvard, the Uni
versity of Michigan and other great institutions. It
would pay California to bring such parties to California
mines.
The miners of Nevada County see clearly the ad
vantage of having mines in their county studied. The
Nevada County Miner describes the students from the
University of Minnesota as a fine looking lot of earnest,
intelligent young men, who seem to realize .thoroughly
the great responsibility resting upon the shoulders of a
mining engineer and to understand the dignity of their
profession. There is no doubt that this is an accurate
description.
California is turning out mining engineers from its
institutions of learning and many of them have already
become noted by their achievements in this and in other
countries. Their fame has brought students from abroad
to take mining courses in California. It is not possible
for all aspiring young mining engineers to come here
to reside, but if the way was made easy for them to make
a summer trip, unquestionably many would, journey
hither for a period of practical study in the mines. Con
sidering the great extent of mineralized lands in this
State there will not be too many mining engineers of the
right sort in the State in. many years to come. While
California furnishes a great opportunity for students to
learn by practical observation in existing mines, it also
affords a field for mining activity that is practically in
exhaustible.
A HINT FOR CALIFORNIA.
Seoul of the past is fast becoming
extinct. A modern red brick building,
headquarters of the American Electric
Company, rises in the center of the
town, and from its tower stately
churches and legation buildings can be
seen towering above the squat houses
of the natives. — Harper's Weekly.
Seoul is a walled city of nearly a
quarter of a million inhabitants, about
a third of whom live in extensive extra
mural suburbs. The wall is pierced by
eight gateways of massive stone, each
with a pagoda-shaped tower of one or
two stories above it. The nearest of
these to the railway station is. the
west gate. "The Gate of Bright
Amiability," and it is by this portal
that almost every visitor enters the
capital of the hermit kingdom. The
name of the city, by the way, is pro
nounced precisely as we would pro
nounce the female pig with an 1
added — that is, Sowl. I have never
heard a Korean pronuonce the name
in any other way.
The- word means "capital," nothing
more; but if there is small beauty or
originality about the name of the city,
there certainly is about its location,
for anything more strikingly pictur
esque than the site of the Korean
metropolis would indeed be difficult
to find. The cijy stands in a little
valley almost surrounded by rugged,
corrugated peaks. High along the top
of this mountain ridge runs the city
wall. Deep into the gullies it dips,
rising now and again to scale the
steepest slopes and crown the sum
mits of the loftiest pinnacles. In
olosed within this snakelike barrier
is such a - strange contrast between
wretched hovels and splendid palaces,
purposeless loafers and hurrying
crowds, broad streets and labyrinthine
alleys, spoMess cleanliness and un
speakable filth, as I doubt could be
equaled elsewhere on earth.
Along several of the main streets
are trolley lines, and every few min
utes a modern American electric car
whirls past us well patronized with
Koreans, both men and women.
Korea's Capital.
Another official of the United States Mint in this city
has listened to the tempter and now stands before his
fellows a confessed thief. Men pay too heavy a
price for the privilege of dishonesty aven without suf
fering the pains of convict life. As a. mere matter of
utility, honesty in the American Federal service recom
mends itself to the observing for many distinct advan
tages.
Radium rays will not at present fur
nish a cure for blindness, reports Pro
fesor Greeff of Berlin in a published
account pf an official investigation of
the optical properties of radium. This
research was largely undertaken as thu
result of a paper by Professor London
of St. Petersburg, in which he claimed
that there was hope for the blind in
radium. According to Professor Green!
the rays given off by a fluorescent sur
face excited by radium rays are simply
those of ordinary light, and as such
cannot affect a blind eye. The actual
radium rays, however, are sent out in
all directions, penetrating all struc
tures, and the effect, a sort of sea
green radiance, is the same whether th«
radium is held In front of the eye or
at the side of the head. It has been
asserted that fluorescence actually oc
curs in the eye and that rays of or
dinary light are accordingly emitted,
but this view is opposed by Professor
Greeff, and the fact is cited that the
radium rays do not bleach the visual
purple of the retina. He also states
that when the function of the rods and
cones which transmit visual concepts
from* the retina to the nerve centers is
destroyed the eye is unable to provide
for the sensation of sight. — Harper's
Weekly.
Radium and Blindness.
believing herself quite unknown, and
on proceeding gave him half a franc.
He looked from the silver in his hand
to her, and then back again, and at
last said, with an air of impertinence:
"So your subjects keep you as short
as that! Poor Queen!"
67,000. Thus far this year the number
of emigrants who have left these shores
for Canada is in excess of those for
a like period last year and during the
summer months it is expected that the
ratio' of Increase will be much greater.
Canadian officials in London are san
guine that when the year closes Canada
v ill be shown leading the United States
in the number of British emigrants re
ceived.
While Uncle Sam does nothing to at
tract emigrants' from this country, Can
ada is hustling to get them and meet
ing with such success that th-r colo
nies of the empire have been moved to
envy and are bestirring themselves to
follow her example and copy her meth
ods.
"England." said Mr. Preston to the
writer, "is the only European country
possessing colonies that devotes neith
er efforts nor money to encouraging
emigration to them. What England
won't do for us Canada is doing: for
herself, and when it is remembered
that four years ago we received only
about 11,000 emigrants from the United
Kingdom, we feel that she is not doing
it. badly, either.
"Jl costs something, of course, but it
is the best paying investment that Can
ada ever made. Last year we expended
'$300,000 in working up emigration from
thts tountry to Canada. We distributed
1,500.000 pamphlets, kept a lot of agents
on the jump and a pile of money
in advertising. But not a dollar went
in the shape of passage money. We are
not Priding any deadheads to Can
ada.
."A steamship agency, being interest
ed only in pocketing the emigrants*
fares, goes in for numbers, regardless
of quality, but as a department of the
Canadian Government we have to con
sider the fitness of the prospective emi
grants first. If v.v sent out a lot of
fhirkers and idlers we should soon lose
cur jobs. No man ever receives
atfiy encouragement from this office to
go to Canada who does not seem to
c liav<? the right stuff in him. As regards
quality the emigrants now going to
Ca'nada average far higher th&n those
T.ho seek their fortunes in the United
States. Over 52 per cent of the arri
vals in Canada la«t year were agricul
turists, whereas of those who went to
America only 14 per cent belonged to
'that class. That tells the jstory. We get
very few emigrants from the undesir
able nationalities who are now swarm
ing to America in such large numbers."
Mr. Preston disregards all precedents
jv'hich are supposed to regulate the con
duct o'f an Englishman who attains to
the dignity of an important official po
sition. He allows himself «nly half an
hour instead of two hours' for lunch.
With nearly, a score of clerks under
hirm instead of contenting himself with
bossing tilings from the seclusion of
his private office, he talks freely with
prospective emigrants and helps win
now the grain fr^mi the chaff. Clear
skinned, sharp-eyed, breezy, energetic
and direct of speech, he Is a good type
of the Canadian hustler, the man who
ffeta there.
Situated at Charing Cross, in one of
the broadest thoroughfares of Dondon,
the Canadian Government emigration
offices are admirably located to attract
attention and the most is made of the
opportunities. No one can pass the
place without being made aware that
Canada is looking for emigrants and
is giving away 160-acre farms free. In
the windows are shown grains, fruits
and cereals and other typical Canadian
product?, alluring photographs and
lithographs, while a gigantic moose
head tempts those of sporting procliv
ities. Within are displayed more
moose heads, mounted game trophies,
agricultural products and pictures, the
Idea conveyed being that Canada is a
country where men can not only make
a good living, but have a good time
as' well. As one notes the throngr of
people gazing at this show, what ex
cites wonder is not the size of the pres
ent stream of emigration to Canada,
but that many more thou?ands do not
jump at the chance to leave this man- t
stifled town, with its vast deserts of
brick and mortar, where many of them
eke out a bare, barren existence, for
a land where they can at least find
breathing space and elbow room. Those
who manifest a desire to do this are
.handed a pamphlet which ort.tfte first
papre contains this statement of the
kind of emigrants Canada wants: j
"Firstly— Farmers or persons with ex- !
perience on farms.
"Secondly— Men who have been ac
customed to hard work and who have
pluck and ambition to succeed.
"Thirdly— Persons without experience
in * agricultural pursuits, but who are
determined to devote themselves to that
occupation, and are willing to accept
employment for the purpose of acquir
ing the necessary knowledge regarding
methods of work in Canada."
.Besides the big London offices Cana
dian agencies are established In Liv
erpool. Birmingham. Glasgow. Dublin.
Belfast and Cardiff. Advertising Is
done on a large scale and very effect
ively, the alluring promise of "Free
Farms for Willlns Workers" often ex-
'headquarters of the call,
fc . HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, May 10.— For the
first time on record the emigration
from the United Kingdom to Canada
bids fair this year to exceed that to the
United States. Last year, according to
W. T. R. Preston, the Canadian Com
missioner of Emigration hefe, 57,000
emigrated from this country to Canada,
while to the United States there went
£p*c:«l «.'orre»pondenc*
P:'O£rcss;z\* Canada.
A certain well known school teacher
who resides in this city, but who ia
teaching in San Jose, is telling a good
story on herself. It appears that she
comes v up from the Garden City every
Friday night and remains over until
Monday morning. Because of the
shortness of the interval between the
hour when her school closes and the
time the train leaves for this city, she
is compelled to don her best raiment
Friday morning and prepare for her
trip before going to school. One of her
bright pupils, a little boy, noticed that
on Friday the teacher was always
dressed a la mode, and It apparently
bothered him a, great deal, particularly
as on all other days she appeared be
fore her class clad in neat but plain
attire.
One Friday at noon this observing
little fellow walked up to the desk
of his teacher while she was eating her
lunch and attracted her attention by
calling "teacher."
"What is it, Willie?" said the
teacher.
"Why don't you always dress like a
lady?"
Clothes Make the Lady.
In Germany in 187C a statute was
passed requiring that every child must
be vaccinated before • completing the
first year of its age and again when 12
years old. This statute has been 'rigid
ly enforced and as a result Germany
has been kept well-nigh free from the
smallpox. In a population of over 50,
000.000 the average during the last
twelve years has been only fifty cases.
The system of Immediately quarantin
ing a smallpox patient, as is done in
Baltimore, prevails in Germany, and
complete isolation is attained. Rigid
rules in regard to the disinfection of
clothing are observed, and while every
effort is made to save the patient's life,
the safety of others is also considered.
Germany not only believes in thorough
vaccination, but can now present facts
to prove its inestimable value. Great
Britain, on the other hand, has heark
ened to the protests of the anti-vaccin
ationists and has paid dearly for its
folly. On account of the opposition to
the compulsory law Parliament about
six years ago made the statute less
rigid, and as a result smallpox has be
come far more prevalent than formerly.
Instead of an average of fifty cases in
a population of 50,000,000, as in Ger
many, Great Britain shows an annual
mortality of 900 in a population of 32,
500.000. These figures are matters of
record and there can be no contradic
tion of them.
Vaccination Abroad.
In his recent work, "Careers of Dan
ger and Daringr." which the " Century
Company publishes, Cleveland Moffett
tells of the fear that is ever at the el
bows of the professional diver. He
says:
"It is amusing to note the scorn of
practical divers for the nice electric
lighting and telephone contrivances of
divers who never dive, but sell their
inventions to the Government for its
Newport diving school, which tame in
ventions remain, for the most part, in
their spick-span boxes. It seems sim
ple enough to have submarine lights;
yet divers who dive prefer to grope in
the almost darkness of our ordinary
waters. It seems a distinct advantage
that diver and tender be -able to talk
over a wire; yet divers who dive keep
Jealously to the clumsy system of jerks
on the lines, and will not even be both
ered with the Morse alphabet. The fact
is, a diver has quite as much as he
can attend to with the burden of his
suit (about 175 pounds), and -his two
lines to watch and keep from kinks
and entanglements. Touch one of these
lines and you touch his life. Fasten a
new line to him, or two new lines, and
you enormously increase his peril.
Imagine yourself stumbling about in a
dark forest, with a man strapped on
your back, and several ropes dragging
behind you among trees and rocks, each
separate rope being to you as breath
and blood! That is precisely the diver's
case. So he goes; so he works. And
when they offer him a pretty apparatus
to increase his load, he will have none
of it. Nor will he tug any extra ropes.
" 'I have ways enough of dying as it
is.' says he.
"Working thus in gloom or --ukness,
the diver develops his senses of feeling
and locality. He gains certain qualities
of blind men, and finds guidance in un
lookt 1-for ways. The ascending bub
bles from his helmet, for instance,
shire silver white and may be seen for
a couple of fathoms. These bubbles
have a trick of lodging in a. vessel's
seams, and so give the diver a rough
pattern df her Again, in searching for
leaks, the sense of hearing helps him,
for he can distinguish (after long habit)
the sucking sound of water rushing
through the holes.
"One is sorry to learn that divers go
to pieces early; few of them last be- !
yond fifty. As they grow old their
keenness wanes; they lose their bear-!
ings easily down below, and show bad j
judgment. And fear of the business
grows upon them. Often they seek false
courage in strong drink, which hurries
on the end. Too many of them, after
searching all their lives for wrecks,
wind up as wrecks themselves. But it |
is good to know that there are excep- j
tions — divers like Bill Atkinson, sturdy j
and true at 50. and good in the suit for
years to come, unless their wives per- i
suade them to retire. The diver's wife, !
I am told — poor woman! — starts with |
terror every time she hears a door
bell ring."
The Diver's Life.
tending across the whole front page of
a newspaper. In the pamphlets Issued
to attract British emigrants shrewd
use is made of the statistics relating
to the large migration of American
farmers to Canada. Americans are
given credit for knowing a good thing
when they see it and being a little bit
quicker to possess it than any other
people. And the British agriculturists
are urged to profit by their example
and share In their prosperity. Promin
ence is given to American opinions on .
the fertility and future destiny of
Northwest Canada. Among others
James J. Hill is quoted as predicting
that "in ten years It will raise all the
wheat ;that Great Britain needs." Thus
Canada makes America lend a hand In
drumming up emigrants.
MR. HEARST has written another editorial. Its
subject is Mr. Rockefeller, but it is made the
means of renewing Mr. Hearst's allegiance to
Christianity and of accounting for certain features in
his career. This is gratifying to the orthodox world, as
Mr. Hearst's defection to the doctrine of transmigra
tion of the soul was becoming serious. Perhaps we owe
his recantation to the influence of Bishop Potter, who
is said in his campaign biography to have watched and
tended him from his innocent and interesting child
hood. If this be so, the Bishop is to be congratulated
upon snatching another brand from the burning.
Jn the editorial Mr. Hearst assesses Mr. Rockefeller's
wealth at a billion dollars, but insists that: "About the
much discussed John D. Rockefeller there is a pleasant
side, a cheerful side." Evidently it is not Mr. Rocke
feller's inside, for he is a chronic dyspeptic, 'given over
' to the remorse of a guilty stomach, and suffering in
ternal pangs which forbid indulgence in the pleasure
of the table, and confine him to oatmeal mush and
those other melancholy emulsions devised by the break
fast food people of Battle Creek, Michigan.
Mr. Hearst explains that this billionaire is "a quiet,
peaceful man, astonishingly free from vicious habits, or
any inclination to interfere with the ordinary routine
of life." We are glad to know this. He might take a
notion to make us go to bed in the morning and eat
breakfast in the evening. Mr. Hearst's guarantee that
he will not do so is reassuring. But our real interest in
this is Mr. Hearst's statement that "John D. Rockefeller
is religious, sincerely religious. The people at large
owe much to the Christian religion because of the effect
it has on Rockefeller." Thanks for pointing it out to
us. Resolutions of thanks to Christianity should be
passed .at once and forwarded to Mr. Hearst.
After the editorial, on transmigration there was a fear
that Mr. Rockefeller would become reckless and
wicked, not wicked enough to reappear as a woman;
but in view of his indigestion and lack of hair he might
have concluded to be bad enough to return to us as an
animal, perhaps a lion, for a lion gnaws his bone and
swallows the pieces and sleeps like a top, and then he
is not a bald animal, but is hairy. If Mr. Rockefeller
had followed Mr. Hearst into transmigration of the soul
he might have stayed. there, but he abided with the plan
of salvation and the Baptist church, and Mr. Hearst
says that: "Thanks to his religious belief he sets an ex
cellent example to every man of great wealth. He refrains
in his personal life from setting an evil example to his fel
low-citizens."
Now we are getting at it. Mr. Hearst is also a very
rich man and he accounts for himself and Mr. Rocke
feller being found birds of a feather, brooded under the
wing of the church. It is their fellowship insetting a
good example in their personal lives. Mr. Hearst go3S
on to say that he knows of a man -worth twenty millions,
who died the other day, who spent his money in the
most vicious possible way, "encouraging vice in his so
cial circle, gambling in all its forms, drinking and excesses
in every direction." It is intimated that that reprehen
sible person is now asking Dives the way t# the old
oaken buefcet, while Mr. Rockefeller, with his "fifty times
twenty millions and his Sunday-school tendencies, "is
making little sermons at Sunday school and Y. M. C. A.
meetings." «,
But there is a rift in every lute; a blemish on every
lily; imperfection in the rose itself and perfection is not
anywhere. Mr. Hearst says he is compelled to admit
that, "while Mr. Rockefeller does not irritate the poor^
he ignores the biblical coinmmand to give all to the
poor and follow Christ." There Hearst and Rockefeller
part company, Rockefeller, like the rich young man,
goes away sorrowing, and Mr. Hearst is accounted for.
Even as a candidate for the Presidency he has been
obeying that command which falls upon the Rockefel
ler car unheeded. For months past he has been giving
to the people all over the United States. When they met
at Santa Cruz the other day his hand was there, ajid so
was theirs. In, Indiana he was like the help that cometh
from the hills, and put the poor in shape to get through
the summer by offering them a half million.
.Mr. Rockefeller may choose to fool with fire and let
his immortal soul slip up and fall on the broiler by refus
ing to give up to the indigent; but as for Mr. Hearat, he
proposes to seek cold storage, if liberal use of lucre with
the poor will do it. After parting company with Rocke
feller in this respect, Mr. Hearst proceeds to see in him
a dangef to the republic. He is all right in social mo
rality but a danger to our political morality."
From this we infer that a man may be a destroyer of
social morality, but as a supporter of political morality
deserves reward. Whose case is MY. Hearst pleading?
BACK TO CHRISTIANITY.
many years, if ever. The only way in sight, therefore, to
augment traffic between Market street and the growing
section south of the city's principal thoroughfare is by
making wider roads. "
The widening of Mission street has been recom
mended and will be a part of the municipal budget.
Third street has been widened by the city, the expense
being provided for in the budget of 1903-4. The expense
of giving. Fourth street better facilities for travel will
fall apon the city if the Supervisors act favorably in the
premises. There has been a vast increase in business in
the three mentioned streets in the past few years; with
the growth of the city the volume of traffic wil\ be con
tinually increased. The present size is such that there
is an urgent call for more room immediately.
The cost of widening Fourth street is estimated at
$85,000. Market street, it is urged, will be relieved by
providing wider outlets for the stream of traffic to run
in. The argument would seem to be good. Whatever
makes for the promotion of business is good for the
entire city, a fact that is of general acceptation. In
time other streets leading from Market street south
ward may also be broadened. Many citizens believe that
developments in the "immediate ' future will make that
necessary. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY ,22, 1904.
THE , SAN FRANGISCQ GALL
JOHN D> SPRECKELS, Proprietor ......... .Address All Communications to JOHN" McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office , .;. Tstreets, S. F.
SUNDAY ./.........,.. . . . . . MAY 22, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
32Liberty Lodge No. 34 96 of the
Knights of Honor has arranged for a
picnic to Camp Taylor on Monday,
May 30. This is to be given for the
benefit of the lodge's fund for the re
lief of its sick, which during the last
twelve months has been severely
taxed. The affair is to be conducted
under the direction of James A. John
ston, chairman, and Thomas Billing
lea, secretary of the general commit
tee, assisted by the following named
members of the executive committee:
Ben I. Solomon, chairman; R. A. A.
Summers, B. E. George, Fritz Palm,
William J. Langstaff , Dr. T. J. Crow
ley, John Porter, L. L. Fletcher, John
Stewart, I. Citron, M. Schoenberg and
B. E. George Jr. There will be a good
programme of games and races and
plenty of dancing. The committee an
nounces 200 gate prizes in addition, to
many prizes for those taking part in
the cames. J
Knights of Honor Will Picnic.
The aimless life cannot be the endless
life.
Later in the evening the club gave
a reception to the recent graduates
of the State University and the affiliat
ing colleges on this side of the bay.
Of these about 250 accepted the hos
pitality of the association. •
The University of California Club
held its annual election in its new
quarters on tho corner of Geary and
Powell streets last evening. The fol
lowing officers were chosen: Presi
dent, A. J. Cloud; vice president,
James P. Booth; secretary, Frank W.
Altken; treasurer, James K. Moffltt;
directors, Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
Charles S. Wheeler, -Dr. L. Van Orden,
W. D. Armes, H. L.' Paddock, Frank
Otis, J. D. Hatch and Lawrence Arn
stein. • ''
Annual Meeting Is Followed by Re*
ccption to Graduating Class of
the State University.
COLLEGE CLUB CHOOSES
XEW BOARD OF OFFICERS
Eugene J. Rosier was brought from
Washington yesterday by a Deputy
United States Marshal upon an Indict
ment found by the Federal Grand
Jury in this city accusing him of hav
ing forged a material signature to a
•postal money order. The complaint
was signed by Postofflce Inspector
Ja^nes O'ConnelL
Charged With Forgery.
l<or Cabin! "The bread with a flavor." Ai*.
yo-jr £raler — wholesale — e«< Dolores St. ¦•,
The navy transport Solace sailed yes
terday for Guam and' Manila with of
ficers, sailors and marines for the Asi
atic squadron. When the Solace arrived
here her slovenly appearance caused
considerable comment. During her stay
at Mare Island, however, a transforma
tion was wrought In the transport's
condition, and when she sailed yester
day she was clean as a pin and shining
from stem to stern.
The Solace carries equipment for in
stalling wireless telegraph systems on
the warships and at the stations of
the Asiatic command. Masts for wire
less telegraphy have been completed
at the Mare Island yard and will be
sent to Cavlte for use there.*
Solace Leaves for .Manila.
The cum of happiness Increases with decreasa
of fear. Users of "Old Gilt Edpe Whiskey"
fear not 111 health nor Inqlement weather.
Wlchman, Lutgen & Co., 29-31 Battery «t. •
The following programme of music
will be rendered at Golden Gate Park
this afternoon: "Star-Spangled Ban
ner," national anthem of the United
States; march, "The Romany Rye"
(Paull); overture, "Joan of Arc"
( Verdi); waltz, "Invitation to the
Dance" (Weber); solo for flute, se
lected. Eig. A. Lombardo; grand se
lection, "Lucia" (Donizetti); overture,
"Robespierre" (Litolf); (a) Inter
mezzo, "Lovely Mary" (Kohlman), (b)
novelette, "A Whispered Thought"
(Johnson); descriptive patrol, "The
Trumpeters of the Esiperor" (Voll-
Eteit); selection, "when Johhny
Comes Marching Home" (Edwards);
crand fantasie. "Walkuere" (Wagner).
Music at the Park.
Triiw East From tlie World's Fair.
California and Pacific Coast visitors to
the St. Liouis World's Fair who may wish
to journey eastward can reach principal
cities and towns without changing cars
by going over the Vandalia-Pennsylvania
Lines, the Shortest route from St. Louis
to the East. A regular daily service of
" seven through fast express trains from
_£t. Lrouis to Pittsburgh and the East en
"ables passengers to leave the World's
Fair city at convenient hours through
out the day. Purchasers of first-class
' ..tickets to Philadelphia or Xew York over
Vandalia-Pennsylvania Lines may have
tKem routed via Washington for the ask
inp, permitting a visit of ten days at the
national capital and Baltimore. For fur
ther information communicate with E.
M. PoxnToy, 621 Market street, San
Francisco. Cal. •
Keys in His Possession.
Albert Wetherill is a youth who ap
peared for arraignment before Judge
Lawlor some weeks ago on two
charges of burglary for breaking into
H. S. Crocker & Co.'s premises and
the residence of an officer at the Pre
sidio. He told the Judge then that
he was a victim of tuberculosis and
promised to reform If given a chance.
He was tried and convicted and the
Judge suspended sentence pending his
good behavior. He. promised to leave
by the first vessel for Liverpool, Eng
land.
On Friday night a youth who -.rave
the name of Robert Milton was found
in a room in the Metropole Hotel, C
Turk street, and was kicked out of the
place. He was later arrested by Po
liceman Roediger and was booked at
the City Prison yesterday morning on
a charge of having burglar's tools in
his possession in the shape of skeleton
keys. Some one recognized him as
Wetherlll, but he strenuously denied
it. He was taken in hand by Detective
Bainbridge and after being measured
by the Bertillon system had t© admit
that he was Wetherill. He Tvill bo
taken before Judge Lawlor to-morrow.
He is not a victim of tuberculosis, but
of the opium habit.
Albert Wetherlll, Released on Proba
tion. Is Arrested With Skeleton
YOUTHFUL BURGLAR"LOSES
HIS CHANCE' TO " REFORM
s>o]d:or. Jew Tun, a Chinese, 1 con
victed of assault with a deadly
• weapon, was sentenced to serve two
yeans in the County Jail. He fired a
s^hot at Hor Get on December 10 in a
tailor Fhon at TIT Stockton street.
George H. Jamison, convicted of
Brand larceny, was sentenced yester
day by Judge Dunne to serve eighteen
months in Quentin. He stole a
suit case containing clothing and other
£rs.ic!es belonging to Frank^ M. Black,
at 312 Post street. Jamison is an ex-
Prisoners Arc Sentenced.
A ready-made religion Is sure to be
a misfit.
maintenance action filed yesterday by
Jane C. Vincent against William Vin
cent, she is an abandoned wife, hav
ing, she says, • been deserted by her
husband after they had lived together
for thirty years, or from August, 1872,
the time of. their marriage until Sep
tember 14, 1902. She says he left her
while x they were living at Lawrence
station,. Santa Clara County. She
complains that since January of this
year he has not provided for her,
though well able to do so. He owns
realty, she says, In Santa Clara County,
and as a foreman carpenter, or super
intendent of buildings, earns a qalary
of 5150 a month. She asks to be
awarded $75 of this amount and $200
for counsel fees.
Richard McCabe wants a divorce
from Ethel McCabe for desertion, and
Lillian C. Ralph'is seeking a divorce
from James T. Ralph for' infidelity.
She also wants permission to resume
her maiden name, Versalovich.
Carrie Schmidt is suing W. H.
Schmidt, her husband, for mainte
nance, claiming that he has not sup
ported her since last January. The
defendant, his wife says, is half own
er of a saloon at 551 Market street
Great reduction sale of trimmed hats.
12 up, at Mrs. D. A. Curtin's. 220 Powell.*
The cases of Herman and Jacob
Eppinger, charged with obtaining
money by false pretenses, were on
Judp-e Lawlor's calendar for trial on
Tuesday. Yesterday their attorneys
appeared in court and asked for a
lonj? continuance, stating that Peter
P. Dunne, their chief counsel, would
be unable to be present for some
weeks. The Judge said he was will
ing to grant any reasonable continu
ance, but in the circumstances he
would insist upon the trial being pro
ceeded with on June 1.
Eppinsrr*' Trial Definitely Set.
The barkentlne Gardiner City, which
was dismasted and otherwise seriously
damaged May 2 at Redondo during a
heavy northwester, arrived here yes
terday in tow of the steam schooner
Noyo. The Gardiner City was alongside
the wharf at the southern, port when
the storm broke, and before the gale
blew Itself out wind and waves had
jammed the barkentlne underneath the
wharf, snapping off the vessel's three
masts, smashing her deckhouses and
wrecking her bulwarks. The Noyo was
seventy-four hours bringing the bark
entlne from San Pedro. A call was
made at Port Harford for water and
coal.
Brings Gardiner City to Port.
The Charles Nelson Lumber Com
pany of San Francisco has secured a
foothold in Oakland by the purchase
of the Puget Sound Lumber Company.
The deal involves the transfer of about
5.000,000 feet of lumber and Interests
valued at $150,000. The sale is consid
ered an important one, as the Puget
Sound Lumber Company is one of the
largest concerns on the coast, while
by the additions of the yards in Oak
land and Alameda the Charles Nelson
Company has increased its already
large holdings.
The purchase only includes the yards
and the stock of lumber they contain.
The Nelson company has Its own ves
sels with its connections up and down
the coast, and with its increased facil
ities for storing and handling lumber
expects to become the largest concern
of its kind on the Pacific Coast. The
vessels of the Puget Sound Lumber
Company belong to the stockholders of
the company individually, and they
will make such disposition aa seems
advantageous.
Young Clayburgh will evidently
avoid his parental xoof for some time.
He will not -be received with open
arms and if the denunciation of rela
tives count for aught will have a hard
time breaking back into ' their
good graces. There were none
of the appearances of the wed
ding feast at the Clayburgh
home on Jackson street in San Fran
cisco yesterday. Instead a solemnity
had spread over it and the relatives
and their sympathetic friends spoke of
the young man as if the light of for
giveness could never be cast upon
him. "We don't know him, and we
don't want to know him," was the
reply given to a question concerning
the elopement. "We don't know the
girl he married, and don't want to
know her, either."
. Clayburgh is a graduate of the Uni
versity of California and his wife won
honors at Stanford. Both are well
known in social and university circles
and are very popular in their set.
XOT WELCOME HOME.
Shortly after the noon hour to-day
Simon Clayburgh telephoned from San
Francisco to the office of the County
Clerk and inquired if a marriage li
cense had been issued for his son and
Miss Wineburgh. He was told that
no application had been made for such
a paper and he replied that his son
would arrive there soon and asked the
Clerk to deny him a license. When
he was informed that the couple had a
right to marry if they were both of
legal age, he begged in an excited man
ner that the issuance of the license
might be delayed until he could arrive
on the next boat.
Fifteen minutes later young Clay
burgh and his bride-to-be appeared.
They were told of Clayburgh's mes
sage, but insisted on receiving the li
cense and their request was complied
with. In the meantime Justice of the
Peace Geary had been telephoned for
and the couple retired to the Super
visors* chambers to await his arrival.
Then came Loewe and Lilienfeld, who,
when they were told that the license
had been granted, started on a chase
to head the Justice off.
While the uncles of the bride were
on their hunt Justice Geary was
speaking the words that made the two
young people one in the eyes of the
law, and when the ceremony had been
concluded Clayburgh and his bride
left the hall and returned to San Fran
cisco.
RELATIVES MAKE PROTEST.
Clayburgh is 22 years of age and
the young lady who is now his wife
is 21. They met about three years
ago and soon formed an attachment.
The love affair advanced placidly until
their parent% became cognizant of the
fact that they desired to marry and
then all was not well. . Clayburgh's
people believed him of too tender
years to assume the responsibilities of
married life and Miss Wlneburgh's
parents also discouraged, the suit on
that score.
Ignoring parental objection and out
witting relatives who sought to re
strain them, young Leon S. Clayburgh
and Miss Eva E. Wiueburgh, both of
San Francisco, eloped to this city to
day and were quietly married by a
Justice of the Peace; While the cere
mony was being performed in the Su
pervisors' chambers in the City* Hall,
two uncles of the ' bride, who came
from San Francisco for the purpose of
delaying the marriage, were on a wild
goose chase about the city and the
youthful swain and his lady love found
no obstacle in the way of their plans.
The groom is the son of Simon Clay
burgh, with the firm of Poly, Hilborn
& Co., butchers, and has resided at
1916 Jackson street, San Francisco.
The bride is the daughter of E. Wine
burgh, a San Diego merchant, and
lives at 945 Post street. She is the
niece of Joseph Loewe and Alfred
Lilienfeld.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 21.
Emma Lyon wants a divorce from
Frank E. Lyon, because, she alleges,
he once tried ft) take her life with a
razor and would have succeeded but
for the ¦ interference of their minor
child. . She complains also that he has
frequently beaten her and says that
because of his brutal behavior - she
lives in constant fear of her life.
Annie C. Patterson of 1305 Bush
street, is the plaintiff in a suit
for divorce in which Ashbel Patterson
is the' defendant, la afraid that her
husband intends to do her bodily
harm. In an affidavit filed by her in
connection with her divorce proceed
ings she expresses this fear and asks
the "court to prevent Patterson from
molesting her. Yesterday, upon read
ing the affidavit, Judge Graham issued
an injunction restraining Patterson
from visiting the home of his wife or
from interfering with or molesting
her.
According to the complaint in a
Cruelty is also alleged in the com
plaint for divorce filed by Molche
Swirling against Samuel Swirling. She
not only wants a divorce, but permis
sion to resume the name of / her first
husband, Weintraub, alleging that for
the last three years she has stood
abuse from her present husband that
has left her a nervous wreck. She says
he is constantly telling her that he is
tired of her; that he never would have
married her but' for the fact that he
had beVn "ropeH" in" by her relatives,
and that he wishes she was "thirty
feet under the {hottest corner of
Hades." She says also that he l^as
threatened to send her there and that
he has with great ferquency expressed
a wish that he could send the rest of
her family to keep her company. "You
and your family ought to be wiped off
the face of the earth," alleges Mrs.
Swirling, is a pet expression of her
husband.
FEAJtS HUSBAND.
From time Immemorial it has been
popularly supposed that a woman who
could refrain from talking for five
minutes at a time was a creature of
great rarity. It remains for a San
Francisco man to shatter this belief,
for- if the divorce complaint of Henry
W. von Kapff contains allegations thai
are true, thereis a woman in this city
who can refrain from talking for five
days at a time.
The woman is his wife, Isabella G.
von Kapff, and her silence is the cause
of the plaintiff's unhappiness. In his
complaint, which was filed yesterday,
Kapff asks for a divorce on the ground
of cruelty, alleging that his wife
"maintains a silence for five days at
a time" and refuses to pay any at
tention to him. His mental sufferings
are intense,' he says, and he asks the
court to sever the bonds that bind him
to the alleged cause of his misery.
As another reason for divorce Von
Kapff charges that his spouse has de
serted him. He says that in February
of this year she packed up the furni
ture of the rooms he had fitted up for
her, even to the pillows and bed
clothes, and "silently stole, away." The
marriage of the Von Kapffs occurred
less than a year ago.
Property Includes Most Valu
able Water Front Hold
ings on Oakland Harbor
Seeks Legal Separation on
Ground That Her Husband
Treats Her. With Cruelty
Groom's Parents Are Severe
in Their Denunciation of
Their Son's Hasty Marriage
RESULT FAE REACHING
UNCLES' HOT PURSUIT
MRS. SWIRLING UNHAPPY
Charles, Nelson Company
Buys Out the Puget Sound
Yards at Cost of $150,000
Henry W. yon Kapff Asks
for a Divorce Because
Helpmeet Will Not Talk
Leon Clayburgh and Eva E.
Wineburgli Marry While
Angry Belatives Chafe
LARGE LUMBER
DEAL EFFECTED
CUPID LAUGHS
AT OPPOSITION
SILENT WIFE
TIRES SPOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. MAY 22, 1904:
33
TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND
DOLLARS'
WORTH OR
DRY GOODS
Most Be Sold Before July 15
As *n that day we surrender the store to Olson Bros.,
grocers.
Every article in the House has been marked down.
This will be a week of GREAT BARGAINS.
Country Merchants, Hotel-keepers and keepers of sum-
mer resorts should visit our Domestic Department.
TOWELS, SHEETS, PILLOW CASES, QUILTS,
BLANKETS and everything in the line at ruinous prices.
No goods charged— everything spot cash.
C CURTIN
911 and 913 HarM Street.
STATEMENT
OF THB
CONDITION AXD AFFAIRS
OP THB
LA FONCIERE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP PARIS, IN THB REPUBLIC OK
France, on the 31st day December. A. D.
1003. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to tbe provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnisned by tbe Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
In Cash $1,250. 0CO 00
~* ASSISTS. '
Real State owned by Company.. (500.392 33
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.097.623 52
Cash In Company's Office 08.231 OS
Cash In Bank 131,031 40
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection „- 620.9S8 40
Bills receirable. not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine
Risks 8,496 05
Rents due and accrued 15,302 20
Due from other Companies for its-
insurance on losses already paid 415.873 SO
Total Assets •. 13,972.062 65
LIABILITIES. ~~
Loss's adjusted and unpaid......!
Losses In process of Adjustment I
or in Suspense \ $808,801 74
Losses resisted. Including ex- I
penses J
: Gross Premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks, % ;
reinsurance 100 per cent 840,070 08
Gross premiums on Marine Tlmn
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50 per
cent S46.070 08
Cash Dividends to Stockholders re-
maining: unpaid 4,843 00
Doe and accrued for salaries.
rents, etc 7.06« 68
Due and accrued for Commissions
and Brokerage 40,549 7S
All other Liabilities 330.593 38
1
Total Liabilities $1,647,727 70
=
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Ma- -
line premiums $1,688,503 00
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 83.115 05
Total Income ..$1,751,613 14
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount' paid .for Marine
Losses (including I . losses of
previous years) $1,027,895 12
Paid or allowed . for Commmission
or Brokerage — .263,689 52
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of (leers, clerks, etc.. 191,693 80
All other payments and expendi-
tures 11.10118
ToUl Expenditures $1.494,379 60
" : O. ROBERT. President.
EUGENE SERIS. Secretary-
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
12th day of April. 1804.
JOHN K. GOWDT.
U..8. Consul General at Paria (France).
MANN & WILSON. Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
__ SAX FRANCISCO, CAU
ADVEBTISE&IE2JTS.
Especial attention is invited to
the
DOMESTIC HELP
and
SITUATION WANTED
advertisements.
Readers will also profit by care-
fully scrutinizing the
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
CHANCES
advertisements in THE CALL.
See pages 41 to 47.
ANNOUNCES AZT
Important Sale
Lovisine and Taffeta Silks
Shirt Waist Suits
To Be Offered la 3 I«ots. ai Follows!
LotlVo. I, Regular price;$I.00~ 65c
Lot Mo. 2, Regular price, $1.25- 75c
Lot Wo. 3, Regular price, $1.50— $1.00
(32$ / P f@l/fWp-^ tf
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Al>VTTRTTS 1 Rivrp;ypr'if i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
, OP" THE . : 23
CONDITION AXD AFFAIRS 7
OF THB
L'UNIVERSO MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OB* MILAN. ITALY. ON THE Hut DAT OP
December. A. D. 1903, and for tbe year
ending on that day. as made to tho Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur*
euant to the provisions of sections 610 and fill
of tbe Political Code, condensed aa per blank
furnished by the Commissioner;
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid aa
In Cash .__ $300.000 <W
ASSETS.
Cmah Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . . 1253,320 <H1
Cash In Company's Office 82.93354
Cash In Banks 123,713 U
Premiums In due Course of ColUc-
tion 273.847T1
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Firs and Marine Risks T.81TM
Due from other Companies for Re-
lnsuranc* on losses already paid. 40.1SS 83
Total aateU ...,....~~. *T3T,ffT8M
LIABILITIES. ~~ ¦ .
Losses adjusted and unpaid...... 1]
Losses In process of Adjustment I
or in Suspense .....> JUS3.5TI SI
Losses resisted. Including- ex- 1
pejases J'
Gross Premiums on Marine TIm«
Risks. I ; reinsurance M
ptr cent ET.iJl 23
Due and to become du« for Com-
missions and Brokerage — .. 23.89329
Total liabilities ........... ,_»*3O.an «f
INCOMS ~
Nat cash actually recelTed for Ma-
rine premiums $ 1,083, 338 S3
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 9.894 M
Total Income — ll.0Ofl.S31 «
EXPENDITURES. ' ;
Net amount paid for Maria*
losses (including f . losses
of previous years)........ $704,823 21
Paid formularies. Fees and other
charge* *>r officers, clerks, etc.. 221,734 99
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes. 4.86373
Total expenditure* ........_ $333,831 93
Marine.
Losses incurred during the yesr.... $704,323 2 1
1* LORIA. Vle» President!
CI1. VUILLIOMENET, Secrttary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 9ta
cay of April. 1004.
HARLAN VT. BJiCHH.
U. S. Consul at Milan. Italy.
MANN & WILSON, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
SAX FRAXCHCO. CAL.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUAJtANTEED CUBS FOB 3tXjr.
HAEMLESS XV JXCTIOH. Cures ordinary
cases In a ts* days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. SO OTHES Tj*EAT3CEJtX
BEQTJIKED. Prevents and Cures 3trle-
tures. FKEVEJf TS CO5TAOIOS. Harm-
less. 32.00 for both bottles. For said only
r. S. XELIiTS rSASKACY. 102 Eddy,
I Miss Nellie Holmes, treasurer of theg|
Young Woman's Temperance Association
of Buffalo, N. Y., strongly advises all suf-
fering women to rely, as she did, upon
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — Your medicine is indeed an ideal woman's
medicine, and by far the best I know to restore lost health and strength. I
suffered misery for several years, being troubled with xnenorrhagia. My back
ached, I had bearing-down pains and frequent headaches. I would often
wake from restful sleep, and* in such pain that I suffered for hours before I
could go to sleep again. I dreaded the lonj? nights as much as the weary days.
I consulted two different physicians, hoping to get relief, bu.^finding' that
their medicine did not seem to cure me, I tried your Vegetable Compound,
on the recommendation of a friend from the East who was visiting me.
" I am glad that I followed her advice, for every ache and pain is gone,
and not only this, but ay general health is much improved. I have a fine
appetite and have gained in flesh. My earnest advice to suffering women is
to put away all other medicines and to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound."— Miss Nellie Holmes, 540 No. Division St., Buffalo, N.Y.
fibs Irene Crosby, prominent in Social Life in East
Savanah, Ga., adds her testimonial to the value
of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
n|*T7'|[ 1 MMl.'L< 111 Deab MB3. PrranAM : — " It always gives
VlKWSfW me pl easare V* n( * an art i c^ e °' rea l ?alue
J&SSffif "^«L-^?'r^^PS^a an( * unquestioned merit. I have found
(^^^IrliiifTSi Iiydia E. Pinkbam's Vegetable Com-
Jaffiv. :-^/ sOlf P° un d well calculated to relieve and cure
I^S^^v*^* v 1^^t i?*s e var * ous troubles arising from irregulari-
BSBtegjj3 /^n <^> WrM -WM ties and menstrual pains.
EH 3j9|Bi\ / Y'Jdr jgg " suffering- could be spared if we
ilPVWfl lSf gSn only paid more attention to proper living- and
•^/TK^l »f£H ffl |8Sa| diet, but as long as women do not do this,
f&33^^. """* JUI y oar Vegetable Compound has come to
«J*^^^^O?v^' J^S&^&l \ *k e front as a true friend in need. I have
fljS^ mi v- ir^SEEZ^'"-^ >ecn ?"y pleased indeed with the relief it
J&$&F(S?ljr/\Jf /*lBr-i3l kas brought me. I find that I have perfect
WTff^ f*ff /\ j f' tSb8| health now, and that my mind is also more
\f\ I \ I '}{ A "^5 c l ear an< * active since I used your Vege-
y } f \ I S v f 1 t&ble Compound. It has been of great
f ' J I n I J I benefit to me, and I gladly recommend it.
f \* ff\ i- ' I Very sincerely yours, Miss Irene Ceosbt,
• ¦• V ;i ]} {, f 313 East Charlton St., East Savannah, Ga."
Remember that every woman Is cordially Invited to write to
Mrs. Pinkham if there is anything about her case or symptoms
she does not understand. Mrs. Pinkham's address is Lynn, Mass.
Her advice is free, and is cheerfully given to any ailing woman
who asks for it.
ApAAA FORFEIT «w« cannot forthwith prodnea th« orijinil tetters ftuS dgnaturea of
\ H 1 1 1 1 ftboro toitlmoplali, wblch if 111 prore their absolute genuineness.
V V U U U I.jdi» E. Pinkham Mad. Co., X.7111*, Mr/fc .
F WpmensApparelBxcluJiv^Ly- i
I 111 GEARY vf TREteT J
rm!!^ T° S a ' n an d hold public confidence is the one wa X^^^^
wPI. to reach success. We are trying to show you that^^«^w
. X / the store of women's fashions is building its business A.r M
IB #w on t ' iat P rmc 'P^ c « Uniformly attentive and obliging fa A
Mia storc scrv ' ce is one feature that we believe you will nil/
VM£r notice and appreciate. Nicety of detail and distinc- %jL£f
Iff tiv-e character in everything offered you; honesty in \/\
\m articles moderately priced; evidence of • real value in \1
\M all fabrics — consistent truthfulness in addressing you \|
Sp ; through our advertisements. H
M SUITS, COSTUMES— New tailored suit ideas, dress or walking silk fl
W lined voiles, taffeta Sicilians,! tweeds, cheviots. $23 OO to $78.00
¦ GRAND CLEARANCE — No reserve — Imported and domestic models H
pLj— — Higrh art Reception and Carriage Gowns, at prices less than Agg
Wgl cost to import or produce. To appreciates them they must be iwl
I /silk and silken shirt waist and tailored suits— \
I * ' Summer dresses, choice creations. Silks, Japs, Nets, Linens, 1
B Voiles, Organdies, Lawns, at
I S14.OO, $24.00, $80.00, $4O OO, $30.00 and up to S73.OO.
SPECIAL VALUES
I For Monday and During the Week.
I SILK-LINED DRESS SUITS— In Voiles, Broadcloth, Cheviots; in
black, blue, brown, gray, whlte^ and tan. The season's most de-
sirable styles, taken from regular stock. ,
$40.00 $55.00 $75.00
Heretofore 565.00 and $55.00. $85.00 and $70.00. $125.00, $110.00, $95.
COVERT JACKETS—
tlO 5(1 W) Rd
I Heretofore..... $27.50. . $35.00 and $32.50. I
I BLACK TAFFETA and % length. This season's latest I
I $45.00 and $37.50 values at ...$H7.BO I
I $65.00 and $50.00 Values at $88.00 I
I $70.00 and $65.00 values at ......./. ". ........ $SO OO I
llT;:- WAISTS OF LAWN AND LINEN— \ . II
11a $12.50 and $10.00 values at S6.8O iT^jii
VJjJ $8.50 and $7.00 values at .?4.3o &?#
$6.00, $5.00 and $4.00 values at 32.73Stock certificates and seal presses at short
notice. Edw. S. Knowles, Si Second >U •
XEW YORK, May 21. — By arrange
ment with the magistrates in all the
city courts the poolroom cases result
ing from the raids of yesterday, have
been continued until next Monday.
This action was taken at the request
of District Attorney Jerome.
Poolroom Cases Go Over.
Trapper's OH cure* rheumatism and neuralxts.
Druffsiats. tOc flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
The Supervisors' joint committee on
Streets and Buildings yesterday re
jected the bids for j coal filed by
Thomas Morton and the Western Fuel
Company on account of the proposed
installation of an oil burning 1 plant in
the City Hall. The contract for fur
nishing cement was awarded to James
B. Smith for Jl 80 per barrel.
Rejects Bids for CoaL
The Pacific Coast Railway Club held
its annual meeting: at the Palace Hotel
last evening and elected these officers:
President. H. Englebrlght; vice pres
idents, E. L. Braswell. "W. H. Doble.
J. C. Wilder and D. P. Kellogg, and
secretary, C. C. Borton. The follow
ing executive committee was also
chosen r H. J. Small, P. Sheedy, W. H.
Russell, W. S. Palmer and J. H. Wal
lace. The club then adjourned to
Pioneer Hall, where its annual ban
quet was held.
Railway Club's Xew Officers.
There is no comfort where no com
passion is.
A complaint has been filed in the !
Superior Court by Charles W. Randall, !
Nancy G. Randall, Mary Randall andj
Marion Randall against Walter JM. ;
Willett, Robert H. Countryman and j
Wakelee & Co., involving the title to ,
1100 shares of the stock of Wakelee f
& Co. in the trademark, "Camelline," '
and the drug business of Wakelee at j
the corner of Sutter and Polk streets, j
It is alleged that Walter M. Willitt ob- j
tained possession of these properties !
by certain contracts, which the court
has been asked to set aside. 1
A temporary injunction has been |
granted by Judge Murasky restraining 1
the defendants from disposing of any
of the property mentioned in the com
plaint pending the suit
Randall Family Bcg-in* Action to
Recover Business ami Right to
Use Trademark.
B.F.Stoll, dentist: Haight & Masonic av.»
COURT ASKED TO SETTLIS
A DISPUTE OVER STOCK
The J. de la Montanya Company
was sued yesterday by Edward Roths
child, S. EL Meyers and L. D. Cahn
for JSS46. The plaintiffs allege this
s=um is due them as the balance of a
bill of goods furnished the firm last
February.
Sue for Balance of Bill.
Mr. W. C. Jones, optician, formerly of
the Haskell & Jones Co., has associated
Jiimsf-lf with Messrs. Hirsch & Kaiser. 7
Keaxny street. •
street, 87:6 feet east of Fourth, renting
for $62 a month; northwest corner of
Church and Cumberland streets, 64x105
feet, with cottage of five rooms; lot
25x47:6 feet and four, fiats on the west
line of Gavin place, off Greenwich
street, between Montgomery avenue
and Powell street; lot and cottage on
the east line of Florida street, 210 feet
south of Twenty-first: lot on the west
line of Church street, 75 feet north of
Twenty-first; also lots in four blocks
in the South San Francisco Homestead
Association trac,t.
The C. M. Wooster Company will sell
100 lots in Oroville. in the Bella Vista
Park tract, next Wednesday at auction
on the grounds.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will sell Hiber
nia Bank properties at auction to-mor
row.
Madison & Burke will hold an auc
tion on Tuesday, May 31. In the list of
properties are included the northwest
corner of Montgomery avenue and
Broadway, with four-story and base
ment frame building; southwest corner
of Taylor and Adeline streets, between
Post and Geary; warehouse site on
Stevenson and Jessie streets, between
Ninth and Tenth, 75x130 feet; lot 75x160
feet on the south side of Market street,
west of Twelfth; store, two flats and
lot 30x82:6 feet at 1810, 1S12 and 1814 De
visadero street; adjoining lot, 30x82:6
feet; the northeast corner of Post and
Steiner streets, 27:6x110 feet, with six
new flats; northwest corner of Mont
gomery avenue and Lombard street,
29x46 feet, with a three-story frame
building; three flats and a lot 22x61
feet on Montgomery avenue: premises
on the west side of Mission street, south
of Fifteenth, 36x107 feet to Fifteenth
street, and a lot 32x100 feet on the east
side of Valencia street, between Four
teenth and Fifteenth, running through
to Caledonia avenue.
A fine list of properties to be sold on
Thursday, June 9, by Shainwald, Buck
bee & Co., has been prepared. This in
cludes the northeast corner of Califor
nia and Sansonie streets, 45x90 feet,
with three-story and basement, brick
building renting for $12,390; the prem
ises at 34 to 46 Ellis street, lot 90x137:7
feet, with four-story and basement
brick building, with stores and offices
leased .for $17,800; lot and three-story
and basement building at 117 and 119
Pine street, lot being 50x91:8 feet, that
has been rented for $3600 per annum;
the Palo Alto stable property at 318
and 320 O'Farreil street; a three-story
and basement brick building standing
on lot 55x137:6 feet; lot 42:6x60 feet
at 9 and 11 Bagley place, off O'Farrell
street, .between Grant avenue and
Stockton street, with four-story and
basement building that is rented as
a piano warehouse for $1800 per annum;
also 1522 acres in Placer County. The
most of the properties belong to the
Guardiola estate.
. Sol Getz & Son report the following
buildings to be in course of construction
or about to be erected in the Oceanside
district: Four cottages for Mrs. M.
A. Hoffman, at Forty-sixth avenue and
I street; cottage for Mr. v6n Issendorf,
on I street, between Forty-seventh and
Forty-eighth avenues; cottage for O.
Singleton, on H street, near Forty
seventh avenue; four cottages for An
drew Wood, on the Forty-ninth avenue
boulevard, between Li and M streets;
two-story house for H. Van, Wie, on
Forty-sixth avenue, near H street;
hall and clubrooms for the Ocean
i Boulevard Improvement Company, on
Forty-ninth avenue boulevard, to cost
$9000; ' two-story house for C. H.
Koehncke. There are also two cot
tages Just finished for F. H. Irvine on
Ocean boulevard, near K street.
DECORATION* DAY HOUDAYS.
Special Excursion Rates.
For the three holidays, Saturday. Sunday
and Monday. May 23. 29 and 30. th« Call
fornia Northwestern Hallway will maka one
fare for the round trip from San Francisco to
all points on the road except suburban Theso
tickets will be good g:oln< Saturday. Sunday
or Monday, with return limit Tuesday, May
31. This will give many an opportunity to
pet out Into the country for a short trip Just
when It Is at Its prettiest. It will also afford
an excellent opportunity for those who wish
to arrange for their location for a summer
vacation. Get a copy of "Vacation 190*,*' looSs
over It and take a pleasant outing during tnes«
three days and at the same time arrangs for
your summer oatlng. On Monday. May 30.
late trains In the afternoon from Sonoma and
Guemeville branches same as on Sunday. *
RUMBLE'S SENTENCE POSTPONED.—
United States District Judga d* Haven yeat*>
day postponed the senter.es of Georga W.
Rumble to next Saturday In order to allow th«
defendant'* attorneys to prepare their papers
on appeal.
The list of toasts will inclu.de "The
President," which will be responded
to by Thomas C. West, and "The
King." which will be answered by Al
fred C. Rulofson. William Greer Har
rison and Livingston Dunn will also
be amqng: the speakers. Following
the banquet there will be an Informal
reception and probably dancing.
A business meeting of the society
will be held at 3 o'clock in the after
noon of the same day at the consulate,
520 Battery street. At this time an
nual reports of the officers will be sub
mitted and the officers elected for the
ensuing year.
The annual banquet of the British '
Benevolent Society of California will
be given in the Maple room of the i
Palace Hotsl Tuesday, May 24, be- i
grinningr at 7 p. m. C. W. Bennett, the |
British Consul General, who is pres- j
ident of the society, will act as toast- j
master. He has extended an invita- j
tion to all British subjects who are
temporarily in the city to attend.
Yearly Reunion of the British Benevo
lent Society Will Occur at '
the Palace.
Pupils of Primary Class Will Present
Tuo I»reUjr Tableaux Early
in June.
Pupils of the Harrison School for
the Deaf have arranged an extensive
programme, which they will render at
1 o'clock, June S, at the schoolhouse
on Grove street, between Larkin and
Polk.
There are three classes in the pri
mary department and the pupils will
prive their version of "Mother Goose
Party" and "May Day Festival."
Invitaions are being 1 sent out by the
scholars, who are taking great interest
jn the entertainment. This will dem
onstrate the progress made in teaching
the deaf.
SCHOOL. FOR THE DEAF
TO GIVE KXTERTAIXMEXT
KIXG EDWARD'S SUBJECTS
TO HOLD AXXUAL BANQUET
Among the recent sales by Lyon &
Hoag the fallowing are reported: For
the Realty Improvement Company: To
Ernest S. Simpson, southwest corner of
Duboce avenue and Castro street, 52:6
xlOO feet, the seller to erect for the
buyer a two-story residence, the total
consideration being $11,500; lot 25x120
feet on the east line of Second avenue, j
125 feet north of A street, for $1000;
lot 25x120 on the west side of Third
avenue, 250 feet north of A street, $1050;
lot 25x78 on the north side of Hill, 30
feet west of Noe, $900; lot 27:6x110 on
the south line of Jackson, 82 feet east
of Larkin, $4100; lot 25x75 on the north
line of Harrison, 84 feet west of Tenth,
$3750; lot 25x123:5 on the east side of
Central avenue, 87 feet south of Pine,
$1400; lot 75x120 on the southwest cor
ner of Thirty-eighth avenue and J, $400;
lot 25x120 on the east side of. Thirty
fifth avenue, 125 feet north of Point
Lobos avenue, $450; lots In Mill Valley
from $10 to $20 a front foot.
Sonntag Brothers have sold 30x127:8^
feet on the north line of Washington
street, 132:9 feet east of Laurel, for
$6000, on which a building is to be
erected at a cost of $12,000; lot 50x82:6,
on the north side of Folsom, 169 feet
east of Sixth, for $15,000, the present
buildings to be remodeled for stores,
with flats above; lot 25x75 and three
modern flats of six and seven rooms
and bath each, on the south side of
Church, 50 feet south of Fifteenth, $10,
500; lot 50x120 on the west side of Sev
enteenth avenue, 550 feet south of Lake,
$1550, for residence; lot 55x53, on the
east line of Collingwood, 80 feet south
of Nineteenth, $1150; lot 25:1x104, on the
east line of. First avenue, 7,8:1% north-,
east of Sacramento, $2250; lot 25x92 feet,
on Elizabeth, $1200.
Chatfleld & Vinzent have sold 1500
acres of redwood timber on Ten Mile
River, in Mendocino County, for $22,500;
315 acres of improved vineyard and or
chard land in Sonoma County for
James T. Furnace to Charles B. Tup
pin of Nebraska, for $17,500; 433 V3
acres in Stanislaus County, unim
proved, for J. D. Prentice .to Chris T.
Bergensen, for $8600;, 3000 acres in Te
hama .County for the Union Building
and Loan Association, to a client on
private terms.
Easton, Eldridge & "Co. will hold, a
regular auction sale Tuesday next. The
properties mentioned in the sale cata
logue include 35x80 feet and four-story
building on' the southeast line of How
and street, 250 feet southwest of
Fourth, that rents for $125 a month;
lot 32:6x90 feet on the east line of San
Jose avenue, 260 feet north of Twenty
sixth; street, and- running through to
Poplar avenue, with six: fiats renting
for $71 50 a month;- lot 30x60 feet on the
east line of : Stockton street, 107 feet
south ' of Sacramento, running through
to Brooklyn alley ; lot 25x80 feet and
six fiats on the north line of Tehama
Sol Getz & Son report the following
sales: 50x120, east line of Eighteenth
avenue, 100 feet north of Point Lobos
avenue, to F. C. Cracke; 50x100, north
west line of Paris street, 200 feet north
east of Persia avenue, to Nellie Dolan
for $850; 50x120, east line of Forty-sixth
avenue. 225 feet north of I street, to
C. L, Langley for $850; 25x120, west
line of Fifth avenue, 100 feet south of
California street, to C. H. Rushton; 25
xlOO with improvements, on South line
of I street, 57:6 feet east of Twelfth
avenue, to Joseph McCloskey for $1500;
25x120, west line Forty-eighth avenue,
237:6 feet north of M street, to A. B.
Blanco; 25x100, north line of I street,
57:6 feet west of Forty-fifth avenue,
to L. E/Hall for $800.
SELLS LOTS AND HOUSES.
Mrs. Mary E. Bidwell, 25x127:8 feet on
the north line of Sacramento street,
137:6 feet west of Locust, for $2500;
George M. Mitchell to J. Frank Wal
ters, northeast corner of Clay and
Spruce streets, 40:2^x107:6 feet, for
$10,000.
and industrious life. And lastly, I
recommend to my dear "children to
gauge always their expenditures by
their income so as never to cause
losses to others or bring upon them
selves suffering and want."
Such are the last two clauses of
the will of Mrs. Estelle Dumont, a
pioneer woman of this city, who died
here a few days ago. It was filed for
probate yesterday. The testament dis
poses of an estate worth nearly $50,
000, which names the fojur children,
two sons and two daughters, of the
deceased as devisees. The children's
names 'are Alma, Marie. Rene and
Alexandre Dumont. They are to share
equally in the estate after the deduc
tion therefrom of- a special bequest of
$2000 to the two first named, made to
compensate them for their care of
their" mother during the days of her
widowhood. ¦
The will of Otto Huefner leaves his
$4500 estate to Mrs. E. C. Wright of
1620 Broadway with th% understand
ing that she' shall, out of his estate,
pay $2000 to Mrs. A. Sorensen of 1415
Larkin street and $1000 to Elsie Hart
degen of Glen Cove, Solano County..
The bequest to Miss Hartdegen is to
beheld by Mrs. Wright until the girl
is 21 years of age, a period of five
years, when It is to be paid to her
with interest from the date of the
death of the deceased.
The wills of Mary H. Sibley, a
widow, and David R. McCallum were
also filed for probate. Mrs. Slbley's
will provides that of her $9200 estate
$5500 shall go to her brother. H. T.
Hutchinson, and the residue to her
nieces and grand nieces. McCallum's
will gives his entire estate, said to be
worth $4000, to his brother, Robert R.
McCallum of Montreal, Canada.
4 : *
"Having given to my son, Alexandre
Dumont, his share of my estate, I en
treat him with the entreaties born of
a mother's love to foresake the use
of intoxicating drinks and live a sober
Other Estates Bequeathed
to Relatives and Friends
of the Thrifty Testators
UBGES CAREFUL LIVING
A. J. Rich & Co. have leased for
Mrs. Sarah Rodgers the hotel on the
southeast corner of Van Ness .and
Austin avenues, the- Marie Antoinette,
to B. J. Brun for a period of ten years
at the total rental for the term of
$180,000.
Speck & Co. have sold for. Miss
Mary F. Gibbon to a client 26x127:6
feet and residence on the south line
of Pine street, east of Taylor, for
$12,000; also 50x32 feet and nine-room
house for Miss Margaretta J. Wigg on
the east line of Central avenue, 93 feet
south of Haight street, for $6350.
The following sales have been made
recently by G. H. Umbsen & Co.: For
M. Simlnoff, improvements and lot,
25x100 feet, on the south line of Oak
street, 80 feet east of Masonic avenue,
for $12,000; for Joseph Leggett, north
west corner of Thirteenth and Devisa
dero street, 34:8x125 feet, for $4500;
for Daniel L. Lynch, improvements at
1114 Florida street and lot 25x120
feet, for $4500; for the Julia Leahy
estate, 25x137:6 feet on the west line
of Devisadero street, 63:9 feet south
of Jackson, for $3975; for A. J. Ran
ken, 27x100 feet on the west line of
Sanchez street, 55 feet north of Four-
Dr. C. S. Mann has sold for $27,500,
through the Burnham &. Marsh Com
pany, the lot 27:6x120 feet on the
south 1 line of O'Farrell street, 192:6
feet west of Larkin, with three-story
building, renting for $225 a month.
Madison & Burke have bought for a
client the southwest corner of Grant
avenue and. Bush street, 22x28 feet,
with four-story and basement brick
building, for $25,000.
The effect of the summer season,
when many are going or have already
gone to the country and the exodus
to the St. Louis Exposition, is felt in
the local realty market. Nevertheless,
there are some very good deals to re
port that have taken place recently.
Through the agency of Shainwald,
Buckbee & Co. the northeast corner
of Jackson and Gough streets, 160 feet
on Jackson, 225 feet on Gough and
212 feet on Pacific avenue, with the
PYeeborn residence thereon, has been
bought by an unnamed client for
$175,000, as reported.
Benjamin M. Gunn & Co. have
bought for a client from the California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company 40x80
feet on the east line of Stockton street,
50 feet south, of Sutter, with old im
provements, for $65,000. ~ A six-story
structure will be erected for the new
Late sales by Bovee, Toy & Co.
reported as follows: Two buildings
containing flats on the south line of
California street, 106:3 feet west from
Baker, renting for. $60 a month, lot"25x
137:6 feet, sold by Dr- Larz A. Smith
to John B. Cosgrove for $6500; two fiats
on the east line of Church street, 156
feet south from Twenty-first, renting
for $42 50 a month, lot 26x125 feet, sold
for R. M. Barry to John Mulcare for
$4300; lots 23 and 24 in block B, Park
Hill homestead, on South Broderick
street, west of Tilden, sold to J. E.
Carey, price $1750; two lots on the east
line of Twenty-first avenue, 175 feet
north of Lake street,, 50x120 feet, to
Thomas J. Rooney, price $1600; prop
erty on the east line of Edinburgh
street, 100 feet north of Russia, ; 200x100
feet, sold for $750 to R. E. "Woodward;
lot on the east line of Vienna street,
300 feet north of China, 150x100 feet, for
$300 to R. D. Pipe; lot on the east line
of Twenty-fifth avenue, 116:4 feet north
of B street, 100x120 feet, sold to W. H.
Bourke for $700; lot on north line of B
street, 32:6 feet west of Twenty-fourth
avenue, 50x116:4 feet, sold to "W. H.
Bourke for $400. -•
The following sales are "reported by
O.-D. Baldwin & Son: For Mrs., Eliza
beth R. May et al. to John Hey, 65x
137:6 feet and residence on the west
side of Taylor street, 68:9 feet south of
Jackson, opposite the Tevis mansion,
for $14,750; E. D. Martineaut to J. .Gol
liver and E. Cohn, southwest corner of
Pierce and Ellis streets, 50x90 feet, for
$8000; William A. Macrea to Jeremiah
Coakley, lot 50x120 feet on the west line
of Nineteenth avenue, 100 feet south of
California street, for $1200; Gforge W.
Smith to H. C. Whiting, lot 25x80 feet
and two flats on the east side of Guer
rero street, 78 feet south of Market, for
$6500; George Mitchell to John E. Hill
and William Havard, fifty-vara on the
south side of Sacramento street, 137:6
feet west of Laurel, on private terms,
the purchasers to erect five two-flat
buildings; Mrs.' Emeline L. Bates to
tenth, for $2700; for A. J. Ranken,
lot 25x108 feet on the north line of
Fourteenth street, 100 west of San
chez, for $2500; for James F. and Hen
rietta Mackay, improvements and lot
on the north line of Clinton Park, 215
feet east of Guerrero street, $2500; for
E. Peixotto and M. Silverman, im
provements and lot, 25x80 feet on the
west line of Langton street, 105' north
of Bryant street; for Thomas Howell,
lot 25x100 feet on the north line of
Crescent avenue, 350 feet east of
South avenue, for $485.
DEALS OF A WEEK.
Last Testament of Mrs. Es
telle Dumont Contains En
treaties to Her Children
Transactions Decrease in Number as Exodus to
Country Begins and Crowds Also Depart for
Exposition and Other Attractions That Draw
MOTHER'S WILL
GIVES ADVICE
BROKERS' REPORT RELATING
TO SALES OF CITY REALTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. .SUNDAY, MAY 22, 1904
34
ANOTHER GREAT WEEK OF VALUES
. Prices toil the story. Reductions prevail in every department. Val-
i iics wore never better — assortments never more full. We will make a
special effort to handle a big volume of mail orders this week. Send
FOUR GREAT GREAT VALUES IN
DRESS GOODS SPECIALS SUITS, SKIRTS and WAISTS
" MAIM 7X.OOX&. SECOND FIiOOB.
FANCY MOHAIR SUITINGS— FANCY TWEED WALKING
For Shirt Waist Suits, width 43 SUITS— Eton style, with shoul-
to 46 inches; navys, browns, tier capes, and trimmed with
black and new blues with fancy fancy braid— large assortments
check, stripe and tailor mixed of dark and light mixtures to se-
effects in white, also new metai- lect from; regularly $20. Spe-
lic designs; very silky: the new- cial price .'. , Of? C/}
esi S1.00 stvle,- Special 7 r-u $14. OV
price /JC ETAM1NE SKIRT— Black Eta-
FRENC1I CHIFFON VOILES— mine Dress Skirt with .silk drop
Plain and fancy weave, all-wool; skirt — trimmed with bands of
sill: finished; in shades of brown, Peau de Soic; regularly $16.50.
champagne, gray, tan, heliotrope, Special price .... C/>
royal blues, cream and black; *pi&.tJU
w'uhh 44 inches. The soi't sheer ALPACA SKIRT— Alpaca Walk-
J<i!:d that you pay $1.50 flf- ing Skirt, tailor stitched at bot-
per yard for- Special price -'*-'*¦' torn and seams; trimmed with
OXFORD CHEVIOT WAIST- bands of same material; colors
1XGS— Our Ooc and 75c qual- black, navy and gray; regularly
jties; Oxford, battle and vest- $0.50. Special price. (f*j (\ r
i::;r \vaist::igs: EJIk mercerized «/J-r.^t/
finish; warranted fast colors; LAWN WAISTS— While Lawn
also some pretty novelties in all Waist with yoke of embroidery
white. Special price, yard and tucked front and sleeves;
cle7C regularly $1.25. Special flf-
BRITISH ALPACAS— In plain price ..". JOl,
and fancy novelties for shirt INDIA SILK WAIST— White.
waist suits, 38 inches wide: bee trimmed frort and tucked
stripes and new mixed novelty back and sleeves; regularly $4.
effects. The plain are ihe heavy Special price Q? n C
iron frame kind, ?2 inches wide; *fi£»JO
both come in navy, new blue
and black; very bright silk finish; DPAPERY DEPARTMENT
also used for bathing costumes. — ~ .
Your pick while they last, gQ c SPECIALS
CURTAIN* SWISS — Splendid
SILKS— GREAT BARGAINS Krade White Dotted. Swiss for
— — — — — sash curtains, bedroom curtains.
PIEST FX.OO3. ctc . ; f u ll 36 inches wide. Regu-
SILK CREPE DE CHINE— larly 20c a yard. Spe- f?\/ ~
Width inches, in light blue, ciafprice M£ fat*
rose piiik. cardinal, ivory, chain- CABLE NET CURTAI NS—Gen-
. pagne. lavender and black; gen- u j ne -Cable Net itt the ivory
uine 85c value. Special SQ r shade; plain centers and rich
price, per yard UUl* artistic borders. Regularly $4.00
FANCY SILKS — A big line of per pair. Special <£-? >? jr
fancy silks for waists and shirt price *p£*t*J
waist suits, ranging in value
from 75c to $1.00 per C? c McCall's Fashion Sheet for June.
yard. Special price *J*J** Get Qne free of c h arge>
FANCY GOODS
MAIN TJ.OOU.
LISLE MESH GLOVES— In black and white, in all sizes. Were Cf}^
75c a pair. Special price JUC
LADIES' BELTS — In Peau de Soie and Taffeta, pleated in the new
girdle effect, with cut steel or gun metal buckles; very lat- f 7C r .
est for outing suits. Regularly $1.25 each. Special price... I OC
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— AND—
They simply tell of a defect of the
scaip or of sickness and pain, of work
and worry, or even of imprudent liv-
ine.
Why advertise your troubles?
I devote this coming week to
FREE TREATMENTS
Sufficient to convince the most skepti-
cal that every woman can possess that
Chi**? essential to beauty — a fresh,
healthy complexion and beautiful
hair.
You probably fully realize how ob-
noxious those blemishes are, but you
are too sensitive to investigate a
treatment for their removal. Do you
know the longer these blemishes are
allowed to run on unchecked the more
numerous they become?
Consider this coming week your op-
portunity and let me prove what I can
do toward renovating your skin and
restore your pray hair. Remember,
investigation costs you nothing. I
have yet found no case of skin afflic-
tion beyond repair. Consultation
strictly private. No publicity.
fOUR-DAY HAiR RESTORER
Imparts the natnral color to gray cr faded
hair. Not a dye. No disagreeable after
effects, nor eticklne«s. 11.00.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Permanently removed by the Electric
Needle a« operated by tae.
LOLA MONTEZ CREAM
I» a ekin purifier and tissue builder without
an «*<jual on the earth. It la a natural tkln
food. 75c jar lasts three months.
TDI1I DfVT Indies out of town sending
IlllAL rUt this ad. with 10c in et&mps
will twelve a book of Instructions and a
box of L*)la Montez Cream and Face Pow-
der FREE.
Visit or write me and see what
may be dons for you.
MRS. NETTlF~HARR!SON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
149 Geary St.. Cpp City of Paris,
San Francisco.
/^^ C$v Newest
WashGoods
Greatly Redaced
25c, 20c 15c, 12&c
WASH GOODS
At 10c Yard
We will place on sale Monday 5000 yards 1 m jgtb^
of HIGH-CLASS WASH GOODS; all of this g§| SFm
¦ season's styles, consisting of Fancy Lappet jPf fl H jS3&k
Lawns, Printed Madras, Fancy Corded Lawns, H |v| |'.j bTm
Stylish Embroidered Tissues and Fancy ' pi M W% f|
Printed Batistes. An immense assortment of R3 iff ||| |l ¦¦'
patterns and colorings. A grand chance to se- ||1 n^ ILJf
cure choice wash fabrics at a low price "¦'
TAXIS.
To-Morrow in the Knit Underwear Section
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED VESTS— Low neck, no sleeves;
plain and fancy lace yokes; in pink, sky and white.
Special, 25c Each
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED LISLE THREAD VESTS— Hand
crocheted yokes (white only); always sold at 65c; our price while
the lot lasts
39c Each
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED SILK MIXED VESTS— Hand
crocheted yokes in pink, sky, lavender and white; a regular $1.00
O|JGV*lcllf *tiJ\J HclCn
LADIES' VEGA SILK TIGHTS— Ankle lengths, open, in pink,
sky and white; sold by every house in the city at $1.25 pair.
Our Price, 95c Pair
n™£ l h DK W S FI ? E RIBBED BLACK LISLE THREAD
HOSE— A regular 35c hose.
Special, ,25c Pair
• u L^ DI^ B , L ACK, LACE LISLE HOSE— Full regular; made
with French heel and toe; always sold at 25c pair.
Special, 17c Pair, or Three Pair for 50c
Comfortable Dressing Sacques Sale of Children's Reefer
(Third Floor— Take Elevator.). p .
To interest you in this section U)atS 7
we offer Monday hundreds of. A, vatied assortment of beauti-
beautiful Lawn Dressine Sacques, ful styles in Girls' Jaunty Reefers,
made of fancy materials, with made of cheviot and corset cloth,
polka dots, stripes, etc., both either lined or unlined: sizes 4.
loose and fitted fronts and em- to ,14 years; worth $8.50.
broidered sailor collars. hQr% Monday sale price.. ... .CZ. CA
Worth $1.00. Sale price... flOC JO.jU
Zn,, j2/.j2/avts & Co.
Cor. Srant j{vo, and Scary c5V.
. A ~. A# -4.^ ROTAl WOBCESTES COBSBTS.
/\VClI La. .PERKIW GLOVES. ..'¦?.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special Values in Our
Colored Dress Goods
Department.
This week we will have on sale a lame
importation of NEW SILK and WOOL, and
ALL WOOL DRESS MATERIALS, In Fancu
Voiles, Chiffon Samite, Granites, Alfiatros,
Chiffon Voile, Silk and Wool Crepes, French
Serges, Cheviots, Wool Crepes, Nuns' Semes, v
Sicilians and Brilliantlnes.
Prices 50c to $2.00 uard.
»
We will also have on sale another ship-
ment of 5B-in. WEST-0F- ENGLAND TAILOR
SUITINGS, in Invisible Checks, Small and
Medium Stripes and Mixed Colorings. Thesa
goods are all pure wool, come In a great varl-
ptu of colorings and are the Fabrics so much
in demand for traveling dresses.
Price $1.50 uard,
SPECIAL!
50 pieces Cream Etaming Voile, 38 inches
wide, warranted all wool 50cuard
NOTE-Our Special Sale of HIGH-CLASS
NOVELTY SILKS and COLORED TAFFETAS
will be continued all this week.
\\\, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
f^ We s^
dt\ • Aim
Give W
More Good Tea Jl
More Good Coffee
More Good Spices
More Coupons
More Pretty Premiums
0 Watch Our 0
r Stores. Jk
Prices Talk.*^
It Pays to Trade J
Great American Importing Tea Go's
Stores — -., .
861 Market 210 Grant *t«l 1419 Polk
140 Sixth 1S19 Deviaadero 705 Larkin
£Jf Ha *ht 3006 Sixteenth 355 Hayea
828o Mission 521 Montjr'y are. 52 Market
2008 Kiilraora 2516 Mission 146 Ninth
366 Third 469 Fourth 2752 *lth
EDISON PHONOGRAPH AGENCY
PETER BACIGALUPI,
933 Market Street • San Francises
MOVED TO
786-788 Mission st.
, EXPEBT OPTICIAN.
If You Want Perfect Vision
YOU SHOULD WEAR GEORGE MAYERLE^
GLASSES.
For weak or sore eyes u*e George Mayerle's
Eyewater. 50c:. by mall. 62c
To clean your classes use George Mayerle a
ANTISEPTIC Eyeglass Wlpets. 2 for 25c.
Send P. O. cnler or Wells-Farzo.
George Mayerle
German Expert Optician, 1071 Market St.. S. 7.
»TWO DOOKSi FROM 7TH ST.
KTES EXAMINED TREE.
Opea evenings until 0, Fboas floats 572.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Former Bank President Arrested.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 21. — John
H. Wood, former president of the First
National Bank qf Mathews, Ind., haa
been arrested on the charge of hav
ing embezzled funds of the bank - to
the extent of several thousand Niollars.
Hi was released on $10,000 bail. .
BERLIN. May it— Dr. Braun, Social
ist, whose seat was declared vacant on
technical grounds, was defeated by
Herr Bassermann. National Liberalise
in a bye-election at Frankfort-orMhe-
Oder yesterday. This is the third seat
the Socialists have lest within three
months and is creating an impression
in many quarters that the S. jialista
are losing ground.
Herr Bassermann was the National
Liberal leader In the last Reichstag,
but was defeated by a Socialist at
Carlsrulae.
Dr. Braun, Whose Seat In Reichstag
Was Declared Vacant, Is Defeated
by National IJberalfet.
GER3IAN SOCIALISTS
ARE LOSING GROUND
Tax Collector Obeys Court Order.
SACRAMENTO! May 21.— Charles E.
Trainor to-day gave up the ofQce of
Tax Collector, in accordance with a
Supreme , Court decision declaring A.
A. Merkey entitled to the office.
Trainor, a Democrat, received the
greatest number of votes,, but .many
ballots were throw- out o account "f
"no nomination" marks.
Delegates to the National Republican Convention
Delegates.* AT LARGE. Alternates.
GOVERNOR GEORGE C. PARDEE of Alameda. E. A. FORBES of Marysville.
.1OHX4). SPRECKELS of San Francisco. ABRAHAM RUEF of San Francisco.
GEORGE A. KXIGHT of San Francisco. W. R. PORTER of Watsonville.
J. W. McKINLEY of Los An^clcs. F. K. RULE of Los Angeles.
Delegates. . FIRST DISTRICT. Alternates.
JOHN C. BULL JR., Humboldt. F. P. TUTTLE, Placer.
C. E. CLINCH, Nevada. D. D. DODSON, Tehama.
Delegates. SECOND DISTRICT. Alternates. I
JAMES STEFFENS, Sacramento. V • c - c - DONOVAN, Sonoma.
W. P. HAMMON, Butte. WILLIAM VAN ALLEN, Mendocino.
Delegates. THIRD DISTRICT. Alternate*. - .'
GEORGE W. REED, Oakland. DR. T. OLMSTEAD, Oakland^
W. L. CROOKS, Bcnicia. — J. P. STOWE, Walnut Creek.
Delegates. FOURTH DISTRICT. Alternates.
M. A. GUNST, San Francisco. D. D. SULLIVAN j San Francisco.
A. D. PORTER, San Francisco. - H. G. W. DJNKELSPIEL, San Francisco.
t > Delegates. FIFTH DISTRICT. Alternates.
anTCHELL PHILLIPS, Santa Clara. C. B. BRASLAN, Santa Clara.
R. H. COUNTRYMAN, San Francisco. DR. J. H. SOPER, San Francisco. ,
Delegates. SIXTH DISTRICT. . Alternates.
FRANK H. SHORT, Fresno. J. H. FOX,' Kings.
DR. J. G. PRIESTLY, San Joaquin. • A. W. WYMAN, Santa Cruz.
. Delegates. SEVENTH DISTRICT. Alternates.
OSCAR LAWLOR, Los Angeles. . GUY K. WOODWARD, Los Angeles.
JOHN H.NORTON, Los Angeles. \": WILLIS BOOTH,; Los Angeles.
]-,j\ Delegates. EIGHTH -DISTRICT, v /Alternates./
D. F. HUNT, Santa Barbara. ?? DR. F. W/HASSON, Orange.
E. D. ROBERTS, San Bernardino. A.' P. JOHNSON, Riverside.
BOSTON, May 21. — Among the suc
cessful candidates for the degree of
bachelor of science, at the Massachu
setts Institute of Technology are: Al
bert Henry Jacobs, San Francisco,
architecture; Will Ransom Crowell.
Santa Paula. CaL, physics; Lellyn
Bixby, Claremont. CaL, civil engineer
ing, and Albert Wilson Bee Jr.. Cuper
tino, Cal., civil engineering. The de
gress will be formally conferred at the
commencement on June 7. The nd
vanced degrees will be announced
later.
Four Californians Are Amons Tbose
Who Are to Receive th© Degree
of Bachelor of Science. *
SUCCESS CROWNS THEIR
WORK IN EASTERN COLLEGES
FRENCH SAVANT TELLS
OF A RACE OF GIANTS
Discovers Men in the Region of Lake
Tchad Whoso Height Averages
• Seven Feet.
PARIS, May 21. — A French savant,
M. August .Chevailler, has been as
tonishing Paris by the description of a
race of giants which he has discovered.
M. Chevailler is the head of the Lake
Tchad Scientific Mission. Recently,
when on an expedition of exploration
in 'the region of Lake Tchad, he came
across a tribe of men whose average
height is seven feet. This was in the
Saras or Land of Giants. The women
are equally talL The legs of these
tribes that Inhabit the marshes around
Lake Tchad are very long. M. Chevail
ler calls them human flamingoes.' Their
marvelously long limbs, he explains,
are simply nature's provisions to en
able them to live and thrive in the
marshy country.
San Franciscans In London.
LONDON, May 2L— Mrs. R. Young
of San Francisco has arrived in Lon
don from Italy. Two other San Fran
ciscans, Mr. and Mrs. F. A. West,
reached^ London after an extensive trip
on the continent and have gone on an
automobile trip in English provinces.
French Embassador's recall. This pro
test /was not only against President
Loubet's failure to visit the Vatican
but against his visit to King Victor
Emmanuel./ The French Government
also takes exception to that, feature
of the protest in intimating that the
apostasto might be withdrawn.
It is now expected that Mgr. Loren
zellis' withdrawal will soon follow that
of M. Nisard from the Vatican, thereby
Interrupting relations on both Bides.
RUPTUKE NOT UNEXPECTED.
IViction Dates Back to Emmanuel's
Visit to French Capital.
. PARIF. May 21.— Events appear to
have been gradually tending toward a
rupture between France and the
Vatican pince Pius X was elected. The
French Cardinals and French Govern
mental influence favored Cardinal
Ilampolla for the papal succession,' as
he was likely to continue the concil
iatory policy of Pope Leo. However,
th* srlectJon of Cardinal Sarto was ap
proved, en he was believed to thare the
nv»deration aftpr Rampolla.
The first evidence of friction was the
withdrawal from Paris of Pcpal Nuncio
Lorenzelf during King Victor Emman
nurl's visit to the French capital. Later
the 'Pope caused to be submitted a pro
test against President Loubet's visit to
Rome, which brought the Issue to a
crisis, the Pope sending the protest to
France and »11 other countries sus
taining official relaticr.s with the
Vatican.
It Is the latter portest to the powers
wbicti was the immediate cause of the
The secretary. J- Steppacher, will
accompany the delegation to Chicago.
It was calculated that the overland
limited leaving* San Francisco at 10
a.m., June 15, would arrive In Chica
go Saturday. June 18. at 9 a. in. The
convention will assemble Tuesday,
June 21. The transportation commit
tee rriay decide to engage a special
train, as there seems to be a large de
mand for accommodations.
' SAN RAFAEL, May 2L— As the re
sult of the death of a bulldog which
was owned by Charles C. Stevenson, a
warrant has been issued for the arrest
of Mrs. L. Malone. She Is accused of
having poisoned the animal. -
wife, John D. Spreckels, J. W. McKln
ley and wife, C. E. Clinch and wife,
Ferd K. Rule, A. Ruef, George W.
Reed and wife, W. L. Crooks, M. A.
Gunst and wife, A. D. Porter and wife,
H. G. W. Dlnkelspeil, Mitchell Phil
lips and wife, Frank H. Short and
wife, R. H. Countryman, Dr. J. H.
Soper, D. F. Hunt and wife, E. D.
Roberts, Oscar Lawlor, J.. H. Norton
and Dr. J. G. Priestly.
Dog's Dcatli Causes , Trouble.
G. W. Dinkelsplel. J. H. Fox, Dr. J. H,
Soper and A. W. Wyman.
ROOMS AT AUDITORIUM.
W. C. Van Fleet of the Republican
National Committee advised the dele
gation concerning accommodations in
Chicago*. He announced that a spacious
room at the Auditorium, adjacent to
apartments engaged by the New York
and Ohio delegations for headquarters,
could be had for five days at $30 a day.
The delegation practically decided to
engage this room and fourteen other
apartments in the Auditorium. The
secretary was instructed to wire the
wishes of the delegation.
On motion of John D. Spreckels the
delegation decided to leave San Fran
cisco on Wednesday, Jun'e 15. Trav
eling Passenger Agent C. A.. Thurs
ton, representing the Chicago and
Northwestern and the Union Pa
cific lines, addressed the dele
gates. He quoted the fare at $70 for
the round trip or $72 50 returning via
St. Louis and $S3 50 returning via the
northern route. The tickets are to be
good for ninety days. The Pullman car
charges are extra. After listening to
Thurston's remarks and eliciting the
Information that, a special train could
be had on the- terms quoted provided
one hundred tickets were taken, the
delegation referred the subject to a
committee on transportation. The chair
appointed John D. Spreckels, George A.
Knight and M. A. Gunst as such com-
The engine, baggage car and mall
car tipped over one one side of the
track and the day coach and chair car
tipped on the other side. The accident
was probably due to the spreading of
the rails. \7A
DURANGO. Colo., May 2L — Tbrwi
persons were seriously injured and ntna
others slightly hurt, but nobody was
killed. In the accident to the south
bound passenger train on the Denver
and Rio Grande narrow gauge line near
Chama.
The injured: Michael Huxley, engi
neer, Durango, severely cut. on tha
head and bruised, may not recover;
Mrs. A. F. Keubler, Durango, return
ing from trip to Kansas, ribs broken,
chest crushed and spinal column in
jured, may die; Joseph May, brother of
Mrs. Keubler, hip crushed and Internal
Injuries.
Engineer of the Wrecked Train and
Two Passengers Are Not Ex
pected to Recover.
DISASTER- NEAR CHAMA
MAY COST THREE LIVES
Committees Are
Named to Ar
range Details.
mlttee.
On motion of Governor Pardee
George W. Reed of Oakland was
elected treasurer. o$ the delegation.
At the suggestion of J. D. Spreckels
the amount-to be contributed by each
delegate was fixed at $100. Every al
ternate i accompanying . the 1 delegation
will.be expected to pay an assessment
of $100. • •
STEPPACHER WILL DECORATE.
Arrangements for decorating head
quarters in Chicago and for providing
badges and a banner will be made by
Secretary Steppacher. At his own re
quest a committee was appointed to
advise him. A. Ruef recommended
that badges of beautiful design should
be provided. _
The offer of the Hawaiian band and
glee club to accompany the delega
tion to Chicago and return/ provided
the Californians would provide trans
portation and meet incidental ex
penses was presented by Mr. Spreck
els. After some discussion, In which
if was estimated that* the expense
would approximate $4000, Oscar Law
lor moved that the band be not en
gaged and the motion prevailed. A.
Ruef suggested that a San Francisco
band of twenty pieces be secured. The
suggestion did not meet the approval
of the delegation. It was finally" de
cided to engage the music in Chicago.
The chair appointed Oscar Lawlor,
Frank H. Short. Mitchell Phillips.
Warren Porter, W. L. Crooks, M. A.
Gunst, J. D. Spreckels and Ferd K.
Rule as a committee on supplies. The
duty of providing wine, cigars and
fruit will" devolve upon this commit
tee and it Is understood that the sup
plies will be placed in a baggage car
accessible to the delegates. -
PARDEE PAYS HIS HUNDRED.
Governor Pardee handed his check
for $100 to the treasurer and the lat
ter In acknowledging the receipt of
the contribution hinted that other
payments would be acceptable. .
The . secretary was directed to .re
serve accommodations on the special
Pullmans for Governor Pardee and
The California delegation to the Re
publican National Convention met at
State headquarters of the party in the
Palace Hotel yesterday forenoon and
organized by the election of J. W. Mc-
Kinley as chairman and Jacob Step
pacher as secretary.
Governor George C. Pardee of Ala
meda, John D. Spreckels and George A.
Knight of San Francisco, and J. "W.
McKinley of Los Angeles, delegates at
large, with alternates Ferdinand K.
Rule of Los Angeles. A. Ruef of San
Francisco and Warren Porter of Wat
sonville were present. The district del
egates in attendance were: C. E. Clinch
of Nevada, First District; George W.
Reed of Oakland and W. L. Crooks of
Benlcia, Third District; M. A. Gunst
and A. D. Porter, Fourth District; R.
H. Countryman of San Francisco and
Mitchell Phillips of San Jose, Fifth
District; Oscar Lawlor and John H.
Norton of Los Angeles, Seventh Dis
trict, and D. F. Hunt of Santa Bar
bara, Eighth District. The absentees,
were John C. Bull Jr. of Humboldt, Jo
seph Steffens of Sacramento, W. P.
Hammon of Oroville, Frank H. Short
of Fresno, Dr. J. G. Priestly of San
Joaquin and E. D. Roberts of San Ber
nardino.
Colonel E. A. Forbes of Marysville,
the alternate of Governor Pardee, was
not in the city yesterday.
District alternates attending were H.
June 1 5 Is Designated as Day of
Departure From This City.
"WASHINGTON. May 21. — Acting
Secretary of State Loomis made the
following statement to-day: '
"In order to completely close the
Panama canal transaction and to
avoid any question as to the authority
of the United States over the canal
zone arising out of the fact that the
consideration for the concession had
not actually been paid as provided by
the treaty, the Department of State,
acting under the advice of the Attor
ney General, has paid over to J. P.
Morgan & Co., the duly constituted
fiscal agents of the Panama Govern
ment, the remaining $ 9,000,000 of the
sum stipulated in the treaty as the
consideration for the concession."
The warrant was made out yester
day by the treasury officials and was
brought to Loomis, who to-day handed
it to George W. Perkins, representing
Morgan & Co., who In turn will cash
it at the New York Sub-Treasury. It
was the original plan of the depart
ment to retain this $9,000,000 in the
treasury until the arrival here next
June of Senor Obaldia, the newly ap
pointed Panama Minister. This plan
was suggested by the Government of
Panama, which was not disposed to
have bo large a sum of money as
$10,000,000 at one time placed in the
Pamanan treasury, where it might
prove a great temptation to revolu
tionary efforts.
CALL, BUREAU, HOTEL. BARTON,
WASHINGTON. May 21.— The Russian
embassy reported to police headquar
ters to-day that a thief had gained ac
cess to the apartments of Countess
Casslni and rifled her Jewel case, ob
taining among other valuable articles,
a magnificent diamond and pearl
brooch valued at $1000. It was stated
that although the loss has just been
discovered, the Countess believes the
robbery occurred during the progress
of her Russian Red Cross bazaar held
in this city on April 28.
The loss of the Jewels is the last of
a series of misfortunes sustained by
the young Countess in her work of
charity. During the progress of the
bazaar a valuable gold watch, which
was being raffled, was stolen and the
Countess replaced the article at her
own expense, to protect the interests of
those who had taken chances.
Captain Boardman of the detective
force has detailed two of his best men
on the case, but the lapse of time since
•the robbery occurred increases the dif
ficulties of locating the thief and re
covering the jewels. ,
At the embassy there seems to be
the^ greatest mystery about the affair
and all. are at a loss to account for the
manner of the robbery. They are re
luctant to attribute it to any one of
the many society people. who attended
the bazaar.
REPRODUCTION OF FLASHLIGHT. TAKEN BY A « CALL ARTIST, OF DELE
GATES AND ALTERNATES TO THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVEN
TION WHO ASSEMBLED YESTERDAY TO ARRANGE FOR THEIR TRIP.
Canal Transaction Is Com
pletely Closed by the
United States Government
Jewel Case in Apartments
of the Russian Countess
Is Rifled of Its' Contents
PURCHASE PRICE
IS PAID PANAMA
THIEVES ROB
CASSINI'S WIFE
ROME, May 2L— M. Nisard, French
Embassa<5or to the Vatican, acting un
tfer instructions from Paris, left Rome
to -night for an unlimited vacation as a
protest against what France regards as
the indelicate attitude of the Vatican
in compiling two different notes con
cerning the visit of President Loubet
lo Rome.
" Tlje Pcz>e is greatly worried over the
conflict betw<?«n the Vatican and
France. His Holiness suspended public
conferences to-day and conferred at
length W jth the papal Secretary of
£tate. Cardinal Merry del VaL who
stated to him what he had said to M.
Nisard. He said that France had mis
understood his intention, and that he
had omitted the phrase regarding the
recall of the nuncio from the note to
Franoe out of regard to that republic
while he inserted it in the note to the
other governments.
M. Nisard expressed to the Cardinal
his regret that he was unable to dis
<. uts the matter, the instructions from
his" Government being to leave Rome
v.hcn he Had ascertained officially the
differences between the note to France
"and those to the other powers.
Active inquiries are being made to
find out how L'Humanlte received the
note. It le generally believed that Ger
man Socialists succeeded in securing
the text of the note from the Prussian
Government and communicated it to
their friends in the French Socialistic
c ranks.
.Among the Cardinals there is consid
erable feeling against the papal secre
tary, and condemnation is expressed
of the way in which he has brought
abput an almost official rupture with
Fiance.
PARIS, May 21.— The formal an
nouncement of the recall of M. Nisard,
ihe .French Embassador to the Holy
S<-+. was made this evening, and the
following official statement was com
municated to the press:
'Embassador Nisard Is recalled, and
the secretary of the Embassador will
iakr ; charge of affairs during his &b
f^nce. The Embassador will leave Rome
this evening."
Definite official action was not taken
until late in the day. Prior to this M.
Nieard had been directed to endeavor
to secure from the Vatican authentic
information relative to the protest for-,
warded to the powers. It is understood
that the interviews between the Em
hassadors and the papal authorities
were not satisfactory, not giving com
plete information In the matter and
therefore the recall was decided upon.
It is learned In official quarters that
the Government's plans, as carefully
outlined, do not anticipate the denun
riation of the concordat, or any pres
ent etep beyond the recall of M. Nisard.
Tfce Government's programme, it Is
paid, which is from an authoritative
quarter, Is as follows:
•*M. Nteard'8 leave will be Indefinite,
but no further steps are contemplated
at present unless Parliament directs
that further action be taken. Efforts
are being made to induce the Premier
to follow up the Embassador's recall
by a' denunciation of the concordat, but
M. Cpmbes does not wish to go to that
extreme"
The result of the rupture with the Vat
ican promises to materially strengthen
Z\l. Combes' administration.
Smith says that he read in the papers
the other day about Carnegie's way of
spending his money, and that he was
much impressed.
"He's my kind. "When I come home.
I say, I'm going to offer the boys a
public library building that will beat
Plainfleld's all to nothing. And may be
I'll give the land as well."
Smith confirmed the report that he
purchased the Nelsons a hotel this
week. He says that "to please the old
lady" he transferred- the property to
his brother-in-law, John Thornton. It
cost him $60,000 and the man who once
ran a baker wagon on commission
speaks of this sum as a "mere trifle."
"You know I set my brother-in-law
up in the grocery business a year ago
bought a shop for $4000 and It went to
smash. If he don't do better thia time
I'm done, that's alL"
Among other presents which tha
New Market man has made recently is
a solitaire pin, which he handed to an
Iceman.
flre department would not help us.
That's a crack department, all right,
and we are going to have one like it,
except that the boys will have to serve
without pay. I've got some pointers
from Chief Doane, and when I get to
St. Louis I'll look the flre engines over.
When I get home I'll bring one with
me."
"I'm going, rain or shine, automobile
or no automobile," said Smith
to-day. "Since that bis fl re occurred
here a month ago I have been thinking
what would happen if the Plalnfleld
NEW YORK, May 21.— Not only a
fire engine but a public library building
has been promised to New Market by
"Mayor Bill" Smith, brother of the late
Mrs. Charles L. Fair, who announces
that he will make his start for St.
Louis on Tuesday morning- Nothing
has been heard from the automobile,
which the "Mayor" ordered especially
for the trip, but he declares that tha
Journey will not be postponed again on
that account.
Special Dispatch t» Ths CalL
Papal Secretary of State
Says That France Has Mis
understood His Intention
in Xote Sent to the Powers
POPE IS WORRIED
OVER THE AFFAIR
Fire Engine and a Public Li
brary Among the Presents
Promised the Municipality
Acting Under Instructions
. Received From the French
Government Xisard Takes
His Departure From Koine
GIFTS TO HOME TOWN
Man Enriched by Settlement
With the Fair Heirs Is
Prodigal With His Gold
"BILL" SMITH
SCATTERS COIN
EMBASSADOR
TO VATICAN
RECALLED
Pages 35 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 22, 1904.
CALIFORNIA'S DELEGATION TO THE REPUBLICAN
NATIONAL CONVENTION PLANS FOR CHICAGO TRIP
Pages 35 to 48Bicycle Races at Ingleside.
NEW ORLEANS. May 21. — It was
officially announced to-day that th©
Crescent City Jockey Club will prob
ably abandon its annual winter race
meeting here in view of the action of
the "Western Union Telegraph Com
pany in ordering the abandonment of
the racetrack telegraph service. Offi
cials of the Jockey club stated to-day
that It would be impossible to run
the winter meeting without heavy
financial loss without the revenue de
rived from the Western Union Tele
graph Company, which paid the race
track management here $10 per day
for every poolroom In the United
States and Canada taking race re
sults.
May Not Race at New Orleans.
Miss Brummel a bye. Flaunt withdrawn:
Budding Rose beat Jack Short, 4-0; Canary
beat ForeKt Fire. 9.2; Snapper Garrison beat
Trotting Bob. 8-0; Lucky Shamrock beat Lady
Kelp, tt-2; Cosette beat Lady Royer, 10-0;
Lucy Clalr beat Ubby Wright, 13-3; Red Pep
per a bye. Lady Newark withdrawn; Glaucua
beat Queen's Motto, 13-5; Frisky Barbara beat
Jessie Dear. 8-3; Glancing; Pasha beat Good
a a Gold, 14-10; BrUrht Columbia beat Mr
Gi after. 19-4; Wed^ewood beat Toronto. »-^:
Idaho Boy beat Lord Granard. 3-2; Imperious
btat May Flush. 11-1; Gold Lily beat Our
Myra. 10-7; Lily York beat Humbug. 1S-6;
Keril beat Lamparell. 12-3; Belfast beat In
truder 12-8; Honest John beat Pepper Jack.
U-5; Roy Hughle teat Eajrle Bird, 8-2; Dart
away beat Wild Bill. 6-2; Humbcldt beat Lit
tle Sister. *-0; Homer Boy beat Yellow Tall.
17-5; Raffled Actor beat Wattles. 5-0: Marie
Twain beat Frisky Boy. 8-7; Colored Lady
beat Commercial Traveler. 4-2; General D»w«t
b«at Prompto, 7-4; General Fremont beat Tn
basco Bob, 3-0; Fortuua Angle beat Hera. 20-S;
Pure Pearl beat Courtly Guest. 7-2: Black Coon
beat Northern Lad, 2S-2; Luxury beat Krishna.
4-3; Duhallow beat Laboring Boy. 11-8: A*tgl»
W beat Evil Eye. 5-0; Promethem beat Pater
M-L-Intyre. 7-0; Gclden Garter beat Frisco Lad.
5-O; Real Duchess beat Silver Cloud. 11-7;
Bob R beat Remisao Anlmo. 7-5; Helen Hayes
beat Royal Friend, 4-2; Little Lucy beat White
Stockings, 12-7; Apple Blossom beat r*n
1'edro, 11-9: Lulu Girl beat Doc Burns. »-7;
Jerry Wright beat Beauty Gold. 0-6; Rich
Argosy beat Aurella. 3-0; Concord Boy beat
Haddlngton 7-4; Frank Dunn beat Encore, S-.I;
Northern Alarm beat Orstna, 5-3; OoltJen
Feather beat Thetis, 10-0; Little Plunder beat
Fagle. 22-15; Rollins Boer beat My Nell, 19-1;
Sir Wlnton beat Articulate. 8-2; Young Fear
less beat Star Sylvanua, 6-0; Haughty Helen
beat Donnybrook, 11-8; Sofala beat lialendlne,
3-2; Mose beat J. C. Heenan. 8-0.
To the surprise of the coursing men
at Ingleside Park yesterday the hares
proved unexpectedly strong and tried
the greyhounds severely. Black Coon
was one of the victims, running one
minute and fifty-two seconds with
Ndrthern Lord and possibly spoiled his
stake chances.
The talent again favc/red the young
hound Humboldt, which will meet
Homer Boy in the first round to-day.
Northern Alarm and Young Fearless
are fancied for the stake.
Lucy Clalr, a Fresno greyhound,
showed good form against Lily "Wright.
The results with Judge Thomas Tier
ney'a official scores follow:
The Talent Figures Young
Dog Has a Chance if He
Can Defeat Homer Boy
HTOIBOLDT .IS FANCIED
Coursing 3Ien Are Surprised
at the Stamina of Those
Released at Ingleside
STRONG HARES
TEST HOUNDS
HERMIS SCORES BRILLIANT VICTORY IN HIS FIRST START OF THE SEASON
CHICAGO, May 21. — One world's
record and four conference records
were broken in the track meet '. at
Marshall Field to-day between the
University ofvMIchlgan and the Uni
versity of Chicago. Michigan won by
a score of 70 to 56. In the compe
tition Rose of Michigan put the 16
pound shot 48 feet. Then in an ef
fort to lower the world's record he
hurled the 16-pound weight 48 feet
7 1-5 inches. The former record was
held by Horgan of Ireland and was
4 8 feet 2 inches. He also broke the
conference record in the hammer
throw with a distance of 154 feet
1 1-5 inches. In the half-mile Hall
of Michigan went the distance In 2:00.
two-fifths of a second better than his
old mark, made last June. Another
conference record shattered was the
discus throw, which Parrott of Chi
cago captured with a throw of 121
feet 2 lnchds. In the two-mile run
Kellogg of Michigan won in 9:54 1-5,
the fourth conference record broken.
Weight 48 Feet 7 1-5 Inches
in Competition.
California IJad Hurls the 16 -Pound
ROSE BREAKS THE WORLD'S
RECORD IX THE SHOT PUT
SEVENTH RACE— Mile and twenty yards;
purse: three-year-olds and up.
Betting.- Horse, Weight, Jock«y. St *i Fin.
8 to 1— Lynch, 104 (Perkins).... 183 lh
B to 1— Pathos, 105 (Rice) 8 2 nk 2 1H
20 to 1— Pyrrho, 104 (Plunket)... 2 1 % 35
Time, 1:48%. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, J. C. Cahn's b. g., 5, by Inspector B-
La Danseuse. Lord Tennyson 98. Lee King
104, John Doyle 01, finished as named.
Time, 1:26%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. R. Baker & Co/s br. f.. 4, by
Falsetto-Laurel Wreath. Drommond 102, Jer
ry 105, Tangent 110, finished as named.
SIXTH RACK — Six and a half furlongs;
purse; four-year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 6— Fl. Wreath.110 (Schickel) 8 11 13
5 to 1— One More, 106 (Cocolo)... 8 2 2 2n
7 to 1— Duela, 102 (Plunkett) . . . . 4 54 8 h
FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5tol— F. Collins, 90 (Hennesey) 1 21 In
3 to 5— C. Thompson. 109 (Austn) 2 12 21(5
10 to 1— Claremont. 98 (Cocolo)... 3 3838
Time, 1:30^. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Mrs. Anna Olvens' br. g., 8. by Jo«
Norwood-Lady iGlyde. Haxrester 102 also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One mU«; Delmar Inaugu
ral handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St % Fin.
2 to 1— First Mason. 115 (Watson) « 11 lh
4tol— Luclan, 100 (Raynor) 4 83 22
4 to 1— Taby Tosa, 105 (FaunUry). 14 4 3
Time. 1:45%. Start good. Won ridden out
Winner. Oats Bros.' ch. h.. 4, by First Mate-
Ma nola Mason. Never 8uch 97, Jack Young
106. Deutschland 119. Jordan 106. finished as
named. • ""
Time, 1:27. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner, McCoy & Bennest's ch. m., 7. by
Asben-Odette. First Ona 102. Satchel 102 and
Flora Levy 100 finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Six and a half furlongs;
purse; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St % Fin.
6 to 1— Thlsbe, 102 (I. Rutter).. 3 8 2 1 h
6 to 0— Sid Sliver. 102. (Cocolo). 1 1 n 2 4
15 to 1 — N. Woodcock,102(Rayn'r) 2 2 1%3 1*4
SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; puna; two
year-olds.
Betting. Hone, Weight Jockey. St % Fin.
1 to 3— Arch Oldh'nj,116(M.Mul.) 1 1 I%1 S
6 to 1— Mlsa Powell.lOS(Wallace) 3 3 8 2 2
40 to 1— A Lady Falr,100(Oullett) 4 2 2 3 Vt
Time. :B214. Start rood. Won pulled up.
Winner, O. G. Parke's b. c, 2, by Gallantry-
Pearl Barnes. Laurel L 103 and Zulelka d'Or
100 finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 21. — First
Mason, a half brother to McChesney,
won the Delmar Inaugural stake this
afternoon in a lucky finish. After
Luclen, a promising three-year-old,
had acted like a wild horse and had
smashed the foot of Jockey W. Davis
in a collision with the fence, he was
on! well with Raynor substituted and
ran a great race. ¦ He was beaten a
head at- the finish 'and with a better
rider up would have won. Fully
15,000 persons witnessed the running
of the seven events. Three races re
sulted in nose finishes. . The weather
was superb and the track good.
FIRST RACE — six and a half Xurlonxa;
rour-year-olda and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St % Fin.
2 to 1— Verna Fonso,105(Wallace) 3 14 13
3 to 2— Alno. 116 (Fauntleroy)... 7 4 1%2 V»
4 to 1— Carley's Dream.107 (Dra) 3 2235
Time. 1:25^J. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, C. M. B«rrow'» ch. m., 4, by FonBO-Varno.
Dusky Secret 100. Pet Murphy 107, Doddy
Bender 104 and Oraden 112 finished as named.
Delmar Inaugural
Taken by First
Mason.
Canada* is planning to spend about
$2,000,000 on armories for her " militia.'
Most of the buildings will be erected in
the' country districts. There will be a
permanent militia post at Montreal
MILWAUKEE,- May 21.— -Benny
Yangrer of Chicago received the de
cision over Charles Neary, of .Mil
waukee In the six-round bout before
the Badger Athletic Club of this city
last nisht. ¦'. V,^
Benny Yanger Defeats Neary.
No Telegraph Wires at Hawthorne.
CHICAGO, May 21. — President Fitz
gerald of the Hawthorne Racing Asso
ciation to-day notified - the Western
Union Telegraph Company that the
association had decided not to allow
the cotnpany to operate any telegraph
wires from the track. President Fitz
gerald, in his notice to the telegraph
company, N gave no - reason tor the
action taken.
Earned i-una — Portland 2- Stolen* ' bases—,
Reltz. Miller. Bases on balls — Off Thlelman 3
eff Knell 5. • Struck out — By Thlelman 6, by
Knell 3.'. Two- base hits — Meany, Murphy, Wai
dron, Thlelman, ISeck. ' Three-base hit — Na
deau. Left on barfes — Portland »<J, San Fran
cisco 9/ Hit by pitched ball — By Knell 1 by
Thlelman 1. Passed balls— Leahy 2. First
base on errors — San Francisco 4. Wild pitch
Knell. Sacrifice hit — Irwln. Errors — Francis
(3). Murphy, Cartwright, Hlldebrand, Meany,
Massey, Knell. Time of game — Two hours.
Umpire — O'Connell. "
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland, 0 0 0 2 0 3 5 Ox— 10
Bare hits 0 0 0 4 12 3 1 x— 11
San Francisco... 1 400 0 0 1 0 1 —^
Base hits 13 0 1 1 1 2 1 1— 11
SUMMARY.
Portland — San Francisco—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.Aj
Drnan, cf 5 0 0 0 0 Miller, s. 5 2 0 3 5
ll'Crdl,rf3 1 1 1 OHildbd, If 6 0 10 0
Ndeau. If 4 2 1 4 1 Wldrn. cf 0 0 1 2 1
Beck, 2b. 3 3 2 3 3 Meany, rf 3 2 2 I 0
Francls.« 2 2 2 11 Irwln, 3b 4 " 0 2 2 1
Mrphy.lb 3 1 1 9 0 Massy, Ib4 119 1
Crtwt. 3b 4 1 3 1 4lReitz. 2b. 4 0 0 3 3
Shea. c. . 4 0 0 8 3 Leahy, c. 4 1 2 4 3
Thlmn. p 4 0 10 3 Knell, p. 4 12 0 1
Totals. 32 10 11 27 15 Totals. 38 ~7 11 24 15
sixth and seventh Innings and won
out with runs to spare after San Fran
cisco, had made enough tallies in the
initial Innings to win an ordinary
game. Phil Knell issued two passes
In the seventh, struck Nadeau and al
lowed a single and a double immedi
ately afterward, cinching the game
for the home players. The score:
BT. LOUIS, May 21.— St. Louis won the
second game from Brooklyn to-day In a close
finish. Brooklyn sought to capture the game
In the final Inning and secure one run: Men
were on first and third when ! McCormlck
popped a fly to Farrell for the third out. At
ttndance 5000. Score: R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 11 0
Brooklyn 2 7 3
Batteries — Sanders and Byers; Jones and
Bergen. v .;,.->¦ .
CINCINNATI, May 21.— Errors were respon
sible for most of the runs scored . by both
teams to-day. , Doyle's homo run, which
scored three runs for Philadelphia, was a high
fly that Dolan lost in the sun. Attendanco
5200. Score: R. H. E.
Cincinnati .......10 12 2
Philadelphia 8 - 8 7
Batteries — Suthoff, Kellum and Peita; Sparks
and Roth.
PITTSBURG. May 21.— Lee kept the hits
well scattered . until the eighth Inning, when
two three-baggers and - two singles netted
Boston three runs. Attendance 8200. Score:
/R. H. • E.
PitUbure; 5 11 , O
Boston 3 10 2
Batteries— Lee and Phelpe; Plttlnger and
Needham. . ¦-.; . \ i .
CHICAGO, May 21. — The locals were shut
out to-day through inability to hit McGlhnlty
with men on bases. Attendance 20,000. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago * ..0 4 2
New York .".3 6 2
Batteries — Corrldon and O'Neill; McGinnlty
and Bowerman. ¦ •
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
New York 2
Chicago '. 11 14- 1
Batteries — Powell and McGulre; Owen and
Sullivan.
WASHINGTON. May 21.— The Washington
and Detroit game to-day went eleven Innings
without either side scoring. Darkness stopped
further playing. /Attendance 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 0 4 7
Detroit 0 5 3
Batteries — Townsend and Drill; Mullln,
Wood and Buelow. >
NEW YORK, May 21. — New York was out
batted and outtielded and lost the second
game of the present series to Chicago to-day.
The visitors hit the ball hard, three of their
hits being for hame runs. Attendance 12,000.
Score: R. H. E.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Benmora won. King
Rose second. Mabel Wlnn third. Time, 1:14%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Fleuron. won,
Grand Mary second. Frivol third. Time, 1:27%.
Fourth race. Harold stakes, five furlongs—
Oiseau won, Rebounder second. Dictator third.
Time. 1:02.
CINCINNATI, May 21. — Latonia summary:
First race, six furlongs — Premus won. Lulu
Marr second. Lady Draper third. Time. 1:15H.
Second race, four and a half, furlongs — Wal
zettQ won, Erba second, Barbara Whiting third.
Time. :55.
Third race, one mile — Rossmore won. Marl
tana second, Frank Me third. Time. 1:42.
Latonia Race Results.
As usual the bowling green at
Golden Gate Park was crowded yes
terday and there were not enough
rinks to accommodate the players.
By waiting their turn each managed
to get in a game or two before dark.
Two tournament matches were
played in doubles. The closest was
that between J. Taylor and A. Stewart
and A. Hay and A. McXalr. The for
mer won by the' close score of 21
to 19.
In the other- tournament match G.
C. Patterson and J. S. Webster had
little difficulty in beating Joseph Gray
and the Rev. W. K. Guthrie. The
score was 21 to 11.
Some good practice .games were
played, the closest of which was be
tween TIckner and Aitken and Law
son and Eaton. The former won on
the last end, the score being 21 to 20.
Some of the practice matches
played resulted as follows: William
Watson and J. T. Dare beat J. P. Tay
lor and Sam Irving, 21 to 15; J. C.
Moffat and G. C. Patterson beat
Joseph Gray and William Watson, 21
to 17; T. Aitken and H. L. Tickner
beat J. Eaton and v T. C. Lawson, 21
to 20; R. Park and D. Dalziel beat A.
Wilkie and A. Hay, 21 to 7; J. Mc-
Laren and H. L. Tickner beat Eaton
and Lawson, 21 to 17; Dalziel and J.
S. Webster beat D. Dunn and the Rev.
Mr. Guthrie, 21 to 10; J. 3%>ffatt and
J. Reid beat J. Earsman and J.
Stewart, 21 to 6; Dr. Hamilton and
Moffatt beat A. McVicar and T. Me
Naught, 21 to 10. >/„
Doubles Tournament.
Taylor and Stewart Defeat Hay and
McNair in an Exciting Match In
GREAT CROWD ASSEMBLES
ON PARK BOWLING GREEN
(NATIONAL.) (AMERICAN.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..10 10 .655 Boston .....20 6 .76y
flew York... 17 10 .630 Philadelphia 17 10 .630
Chicago 17 11 .60" Cleveland ...13 11 .542
fit. /Louis 15 12 .656 New York. ..14 12 .5W
yittsburg ...12 15 .444 Chicago 10 14 .5.J3
Poston 12 15 .444 St. Louis 12 14 .462
Brooklyn ...10 18 .357 Detroit 9 17 .840
Philadelphia. 5 22 .185 Washington . 4 21 .100
Darkness Puts an End to a Great
Game Between Detroit and*
Washington Teams.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
PLAY ELEVEN INNINGS
WITHOUT MAKING A RUN
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs, purse —
El Obos won. Torpedo second, Marmont third.
Time. 1:04%. The Mist, after winning, was
disqualified for fouling Marmont.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Elfin King
won, Martins second, El Plloto third. Time,
1:13.
First race, five furlongs, purse — Sebro won.
Ocean Dream second, H. L. Frank third.
Time, 1:07%.
Second race, four furlongs, purse — Lady Mc-
Keon won. Mary Pratt second, Mlssourian
third. Time. :49%.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Gclden Mineral won. Soothsayer second, Volto
third. Time. 1:48%.
Fourth race, one and three-sixteenth miles.
Country Club handicap. 12000 added— Fossil
won. Blissful second, Injunction third. Time,
2:OH4.
The Mist Wins, bat Is Disqualified.
KANSAS CITY. May 21.— Elm Ridge sum
mary: ¦ ,
NEW YORK, May 21.— A leading
law firm of this city Is stated to have
accepted a retainer to direct an* at
tack of great proportions upon the
race tracks. All the courses in ex
istence in or near New York will be
subjected to the most vigorous cam
paign in the history of racing. The
war. it is sajd, will be a measure grow
ing out of the suppression of the pool
rooms. It Is even intimated that plans
are being formulated for legislation
which would make racing in this State
impossible.
Already a- public attack upon the
race tracks has been begun, demands
are being made for the abolition of
betting and negotiations are said to be
under way for the publication of arti
cles to this end. Suits also will be en
tered for money lost to the bookmak
ers and attempts made to carry the
cases to the highest courts.
One of the oldest poolroom keepers
in the city is said to be at the head of
the new movement.
CALIFORNIA TARS TO RACE
FOR HANDICAP TROPHY
A little error by Buck Francks, then
a base on balls in the third round of
the battle at Recreation Park yester
day afternoon gave a start to the worst
ball game of the season. It was so bad
that It finally became funny and the
fans were laying odds that the score
would finally be 100 to 1 in favor of
L03 Angeles, but it only reached ten.
At that Oakland led in getting the
first run in. With the bases all filled
in the second and with two out, Baum
walked Ganley and forced in the only
run Oakland made. In the third Baum
was given a life on Francks' fumble.
Toman walked, after which Wheeler,
Flood and Cravath all hit safely, which
gave the Angels four runs.
Dr. Moskiman quit right there. He
never tried to pitch any more ball and
the result was that the Angels got all
kinds of runs on all kinds of plays.
No one on the Oakland team could
field the ball to the bases and when
ever it did get there, the baseman was
wont to drop it. The fans howled their
displeasure and most of them stalked
out of the park before the game was
half finished.
When the seventh (rolled around,
Moskiman quit the box for keeps and
"Bush" Streib took up the burden. He
Just put 'em over the plate and made
the batters hit the ball. Consequently
the Angels got no more runs. The
crowd cheered for the youngster as he
retired the side in the last three inn
ings without a run. The score:
Oakland — i Los Anpeles —
A.B. R, H. P.A. A.B. R. H. P.A.
Ganley.rf 3 0 0 1 OToman.ss 3 3 18 6
Franks.rg 4 0 14 5 Whelr,3b 5 12 2 0
Kruger.cf & 0 1 2 0'Flood,2b 4 2 2 3 2
Schfiy,2b 6 0 11 4|Bernrd.cf 6 10 10
Devrx.3b 3 0 10 3Cravth.rf 5 12 6 0
J.6trb.lb 4 1 2 14 0 Rosn.lf . . 3 0 12 0
Moski.p. 2 0 10 3iChaee,lb. 5 0 17 0
Byrnes.c. 3 0 14 l|Splea,c. 5 10 3 1
F.Strb.lf 4 0*1 1 Baum. p. 41002
Botiger.c 1000 0
Totals 39 10 9 27 10
Totals 34 1 8 27 17'
RUNS AND HITS BT. INNINGS.
Los Angeles 004 2 1300 0—10
Base hits O 1 3 2 0 2 0 1 0 — 9
Oakland O 1 0 O 0 O O 0 0 1
Base hits 02 1 11110 1 — 8
SUMMARY.
Hits — Off Moskiman 8, oft* Streib 1. 8tolen
bases — Chase. Bernard, Ross, Cravath. Errors--
B5rnes <2), J. Streib (2), Francks (2), Ganley,
Moskiman. Schatly. Two-base hits— Cravath,
Kruger, Flood. Sacrifice hits — Baum. Ross,
Flood. First bare on Errors — Loe Angeles 7.
First base on called balls — Off Moskiman 3, off
Baum 6. Left tin bases — Oakland 11, Los
Angeles 7. Struck out — By Moskiman 1, by
Baum 3. Hit by pitcher — Devereaux. Wild
pitch — Baum. Time of game — Two hours and
five minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
Creek Yachtsmen Will Sail To-Day
Over Twelve-Mile Course for
Subscription Cup.
The California Yacht Club will hold
a regatta for the Subscription handi
cap cup. The start will be across a
line drawn from the southerly pier
head of the Oakland broad gauge mole
to a stakeboat anchored 300 yards to
.the southwest, leaving it on the port
handr thence to and around Goat
Island Shoal buoy, leaving it on the
port hand; thence to and around Al
catraz Island, leaving it on the port
hand; thence, passing Goat Island on
the port hand, to Oakland harbor en
trance; thence up Oakland Creek, fin
ishing across an imaginary line drawn
from Hay & Wright's wharf across
the creek to the eastern side of the
foot of Grove street. The course is
reckoned officially as 12i^ nautical
miles. The preparatory gun will be
fired at 11:20 a. m.
Handicaps have been allotted to the
various boats according to their pre
vious performances, as follows: Sham
rock III, 63 minutes; Mabel A. 55 min
utes; Surf. 4S minutes; Bachelor, 45
minutes; Frances, 42 minutes; Vega,
. 4 0 minutes; Pilgrim, 32 minutes; Kit
tie-end HazelS, 30 minutes; Occident.
29 minutes; Spray, Catherine and
Idler, 27 minutes; Challenge, 26 min
utes; Corsair. Elthe and Secret. 25
minutes; Pactolus, 18 minutes; Gypsie,
12 minutes; Rover, 10 minutes; Jessie
E, S minutes; Thelma, 4 minutes;. Iola,
scratch.
COLLEGE ATHLETES BREAK
RECORDS IX DUAL MEET
Yale Lowers the Colors of Harvard in
the Annual Event on Soldiers*
Field.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 21. — The
breaking of dual record* in the two
mile run and the hammer throw with
close competition in most of the other
events lent interest to the Tale and
Harvard dual athletic meet, won by
Yale on Soldiersi field to-day. Yale
scored a total of 57 7-12 points against
46 5-12 for Harvard. In the two-mile
run King of Harvard won in 9 min
utes 54 1-5 seconds, lowering the dual
record by 1 3-5 seconds. In the ham-»
mer throv.- Shevlin of Yale hurled the
weight 153 feet 9 Inches, or 6 inches
further than the dual record.
PHILADELPHIA, May 21. — At the
annual Middle States inter-scholastic
games to-day J. Moore of Pittsburg
lowered the American high school rec
ord In pole vaulting by clearing the
bar at 11 feet 4\ Inches, 2% inches
better than the former record, held
by himself.
R. M. Hunter. Central High School,
lowered the American record for the
two-mile run by 7 4-5 seconds. He
finished in 10 minutes 24 seconds.
PRINCETON, May 21. — Princeton
defeated Cornell to-day in a dual
meet, 59% to 44%. R. R. Williams of
Princeton defeated Munson of Cornell
id the half-mile run, the closest race
of the meet. In 1:66 2-5, which beats
the Inter-collegiate record held by E.
H. Hollister of Harvard by two-fifths
of a second.
THRILLING GAME AT TACOMA.
Tigers Forge Ahead in the Eighth
After Being Apparently Beaten.
TACOMA, May 21. — In the most ex
citing game of the season Tacoma de
feated Seattle and again forged into
first place in the pennant race. Ta
coma had a safe lead until the eighth,
when four hits, an error and a base
on balls gave the visitors five and a
lead of two runs. With the game ap
parently lost, Tacoma scored four
times after one was out. Five hits,
one an opportune drive by Keefe,
coupled with a base on balls and a
stolen base, won the contest for lfhe
home team. Mohler made the third
home run of the week. Score:
Tacoma — 1 Seattle —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle.rf. 5 110 0 VnHtn.cf 4 0 0 2 0
Shehn.3b 4 3 3 4 l'Mohlr.2b 4 2 16 1
Nrdyk.lb 4 117 3 D!hty,3b 5 2 3 12
Egan.ss.. 5 13 2 lFrlsk.lf.. 5 0 12 1
Lynch.cf 5 0 13 0 Bmlth.rf. 4 ~ 1 0 0 0
Casey.2b. 5 0 12 3 Brshr.lb. 3 115 3
McLsn.lf 4 0 10 OHall.gg... 4 112 1
Hogan.c. 5 2 17 O WilBon.c 2 0 0 5 4
Keefe, p.. 4 112 1 Shields, p 4 0 2 14
Totals.39 9*13 27 9 Totals. 35 7 9 24 18
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Tacoma 20100114 x— 8
Baa* hits 21300115 x— 13
Seattle 10100005 0 — 7
Base bits 2 1 1 0 1 0 0 4 0 — 9
SUMMARY.
Errors — Mohler S, Brashear 2, Van Haltren
McLaughlln. Casey. Struck out — By Keefe 7.
by Shields 4. Bases on balls — By Keefe 4. by
Shields 3. Hit by pitcher— By Keefe 2. ¦ Wild
pitches — Shields 2. Stolen bases — Doyle,
Lynch. Delahanty. Two-base hits — Egan,
Nordyke. Frisk. Delahanty. Home run — Moh
ler. Sacrifice hit — Hogan. Double play —
Nordyke to Egan. Left on bases — Tacoma 9,
Seattle 7. Time of game — 2 hours and 15 min
utes. Umpire — Huston.
Portlands Bunch nits and Win.
PORTLAND, May 21. — The Port
lands bunched their hits in the fourth,
(PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.)
W. I* Pet. i W. L. PcL
facorr.*. 29 21 .680 Seattle 27 21 .562
Oakland 29 22 .509 Ban Fran 21 SO .'412
Los Ange!es.3O 23 .MG' Portland ....14 83 .2U3
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
The Academic Athletic League tour
naments came to a close yesterday on
the California Club courts, when the
doubles were finished. In this case, as
In the singles, the honors went to
Berkeley. Herbert Schmidt of Boone's
University school is singles champion
for the year, and R. Clinch and Powell
of Berkeley High School are champions
in doubles.
As was expected, the contestants In
the finals were the "Long brothers of
Lowell High School and Clinch and
Powell. An unusually close and hard
fought five-set match resulted, in which
the Berkeley boys won the first, second
and fifth sets. The first two sets were
the closest. fiThe Long brothers had a
good lead In each, but Herbert Long
played a miserable game and his
younger brother received poor, support
from him.
In the second and third sets the
Longs seemed to forget they were in a
tournament and their play Improved
wonderfully. Herbert Long played with
a dash and his team won the third and
fourth sets easily. With a lead of 3-0
and 40-30 in the final set. the Lowell
representatives hardly looked to have a
chance to lose, but their opponents, by
careful, steady play, took the set, 6 — 4.
Poor management undoubtedly losst
the championship for the Long broth
ers. An Improper drawing forced them
to play more matches than their op
ponents, who received a bye in the
semi-final round. The same thing hap
pened In' the singles tournament,' in
which Schmidt escaped by a narrow
margin. Had the Long brothers been
as fresh as their opponents they would
probably have won. On form they
looked to be easily the best team in the
tournament, but Herbert Long, as
usual, went to pieces and played away
below form. His younger brother, Mel
ville, played an excellent game
throughout. Clinch was the mainstay
of his team and did some clever net
work. Powell did well for a beginner,
his lobbing being very good.
Tea teams entered the competition,
but half of them defaulted. The five
teams that played Were evenly matched
and only one won In straight sets.
In the preliminary round Gabriel and
La Garde of Wilmerding School made a
good showing against the Long broth
ers. Gabriel played a splendid game,
both at the net and in the back court.
Hotchklss and Naylor of Lick also
won a set from the Longs. Hotchkiss
played an aggressive game, but his
partner was rather weak.
In the other half Clinch and Powell
had rather an easy time. After losing
the first set to Gott and Medcraft of
the Alameda High School they won out
the next two easily.
The tournament by rounds follows:
Preliminary Gott and Med
craft (Alameda High) beat Tallant and
Barrett (Hitchcock) by default; Clinch
and Powell (Berkeley High) beat Por
ter and Everhart (Woodland) by de
fault; Roberts and Hayden (Oakland
High) beat Cuhna and Schmidt
(Boone's) by default: Long brothers
(Lowell High) beat Gabriel and La
Garde (Wilmerding), *— 4, 4— 6, 6—4.
First round — Clinch and Powell beat
Gott and Medcraft, 4—6, 6—1, 6—2;
Hotchkiss and Naylor beat Roberts and
Hayden. 6—4, 6—4. .
Semi-finals — Clinch and Powell, a
bye; Long brothers beat Hotchkiss and
Naylor, 6—2, 6—8, 6—3.
Finals— Clinch and Powell beat^Long
brothers, 6—2, 7—5, 1—6, 3—6, 6—4.
-SIXTH RACE— The Withers mile; handicap;
for three-year-olda and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Hermia, 128 (Redfern) 1 1 h 14
4 to 1— Toboggan. 113 (Odom).... 7 3 2 2 4
6 to 1— Hello. 06 (H. Phillips).... 5 4 13%
Time, 1:39 2-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. E. R. Thomas' ch. h. by Hermence —
Katy of the West. Short Hose, Leonldas, Lord
Badge Illyria finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — About two and a half miles;
the Grand National steeplechase for four- year-
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— St. Jude. 142 (Ray) 8 22 14
7 toB— Caller. 1C1 (Donohue).'.. . 3 11 2 20
15tol— J. Phillips. 148 (O'Brien ) 6 3 1 3 15
Time 4:30. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Mr. Cotton's b. g. by St. Andrews-Jude.
Plato The Cavalier, Titian, Fox Hunter, Yelp,
Lavator Walter Cleary, finished as, named.
FOURTH RACE— The Ladles' stakes; the
Withers mile; for three-year-old fillies:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 3-Beldame. 121 (Hildebr-nd) 1 1 1%1 1
6 to 1— Audience. 121 (Helgers'n) 3 3 1 % 2 5
20 to 1— Marjoram, 121 (Dangemn) 2 2 h 8 10
Time 1:411-5. Start good. Won easfly.
Winner' X. Bennington'g ch. t. by Octagon-Bel
ladonna. Raglan also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; the National
Stallion stakes: two-year-olds:
¦Betting. Horse, Wefeht, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 10— Tanya. 110 (Shaw) . 7 1 h 1 h
12 to 1— Belle Strome, 110 (Hlg.) 1 2 h 2 h
13 to 10— Blandy. 122 (Hildebr*d.) 8 5 h 3 h
Time, :5S 1-5. Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner. H. B. Duryea's ch. I. by Meddler-
Handspun. Britisher. Song and Wine Au T BUI j
Pasadena. Vctto. Hot Shot and Amber Jack
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
selling; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1 — Eeterre,94(W.Henneesey) 112 18'
20 to 1— Fleur de Marle.l01(C"rm.) i 4 te. 2 h
7 to 5— Judas 102 (Htldebrand). 6 8 3 3
Time. :52 3-5. Start roor. Won easily.
Winner, L V. Bell's b. f. by Esher-Florry
Meyers. Jerusha, Raiment, Consuelo II. Madam
Satan, Filigree, High Life. Flavor and Mata
dor finished as named.
NEW YORK, Mav 21.— It would be
difficult to name the most important
event of the afternoon at Morris Park
track, bo prolific was it of races of
more than usual Interest to-day. Aside
from the Stallion stake, the Ladles'
stake and the Grand National steeple
chase, the skyrocket performance of E.
R. Thomas' Brooklyn handicap candi
date, Hermis, in making a fair field of
handicap horses look cheap in the mile
race at the end of the day was the
most attractive.'
No easier, victory was ever seen than
that of Hermis, which was accorded an
earnest ovation by about 40,000 people.
It was almost as If the Brooklyn handi
cap were being run and won, «o pro
longed was the applause for this ever
popular horse. That Hermis Is the fast
est horse at a mile now In training was
claimed Instantly after the time—
1:39 8-5— was hungr out. It Is true Irish
Lad won the Metropolitan In 1:40 with
123 pounds up, compared with Hermis'
mile in 1:39 8-5 with 128 pounds. The
only line Is furnished by Toboggan,
which, in the Metropolitan had 103
pounds up and in to-day's race 113
pounds.
If only because the National Stallion
stake was won by Tanya, a filly bred
by the late William C. Whitney, there
was much sentimental Interest In the
stake. As a spectacle it surpassed /any
other race of recent years for this par
ticular event. The stake was worth
$11,915 to the winner.
August Belmont had the pleasure of
seeing his fllly Beldame, whose run
ning qualities are leased to Newton
BennJngton, win the Ladles' stake after
twice running away. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 2— Champlatn. 107 (Shaw) . . 8 2 2 1 h
6 to 6— Palmbearer, HO(Redfern) 2 4 b 2 hi
10 to 1— Judge Denton. 103(Trav.) 6 S h 8 2
Time. 1:28 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
"Winner. F. J. Fan-ell's b. c. by Golsalvo-
Lillian Belle. Catallne, Rob Roy. John F.
Ahearn. Hatchet and .Tom Cod finished as
named.
Poolroom Men Are Supposed
to Be Backing the Move to
Abolish Further Gambling
}Yhen the Final Crash Comes
i "Bush" Streib Takes the
Box and Finishes Contest
Schmidt, Clinch and Powell
Display Great Skill and
Prove Stars of Occasion
GAME MAY BE STOPPED
MOSKDTAN LOSES HEART
Stallion Stakes for
the Clever
I anya.
LONG BKOTHEES BEATEN
Gigantic Plan Is Said, to Be
Formed Against Promoters
of This Sport in New York
Base on Balls and an Error
Start the Angels on Pa
rade Around the Baselines
jacket Experts From Berke
ley Win Singles and Dou
bles Tournament Matches
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; four-year-olds
and us; purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
9 to 2 — Bondage. 104 (Mclntyre)..l 4 3 In
Even — Talpa. 100 (Robbtns) 4 2 2 2 1%
3 to 1— fichwalbe. 101 (Mountain). 2 1 nk 3 1
Time, 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. Arthur's br. c. (4) by Halma-Mlss
Longford. Vestry 101, Payne 101, Sweet Jane
99, finished aa named.
FIFTH RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
6 to 1 — Kurtzmann, 110 (Nlcol). .2 2 nk 1 2H
7 to B — Flnxman. 112 (Prior) 5 3%2h
10 to 1— Scotch Irish, 106 (Kelly). .3 1 1%3 h
Time. :55. Start stracglins. Won easily.
Winner, Fred Cook's ch. c. by The Commoner-
Morion O. Moorish Damsel 107, Vidalla 118.
Jim Canole 10S, John Barbee 106, Free Field
Count 106, Keno 110, finished as named.
FOURTH RjfCE — Mile; three. year-olds and
up; puree. * ;
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
13 to 5— Bad News, 104 (Kelly) 1 1 h 1 nk
7 to 2— Flo Bob, 06 (Robblne). ...3 4 6 2 8H
Even— McGee, 112 (Sheehan) 5 2 8 3 1%
Time 1:39 2-5. Start cood. Won handily.
Winner. E. R. Bradley's br. r. (4) by Flying
Dutchman-Black Sleeves. Walnamoinen 106,
The Recent 108, Harrison 107, ( finished as
named. ¦
THIRD RACE — One and a quarter miles;
Chicago Derby; $10,000 added.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
6 to 5— English Lad. 122 (Nlcol) 2 4 111
9 to 1— Pr. Slvrwngs.117 (A.Bkr) 5 1 2%2 4
8 to 1— Moharlb 127 (Fuller)... 3 6 1%3 3
Time, 2:06. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. Fred Cook's ch c. by Requital- English
Lady. Flower King 112, Merry Floneer 117.
Bill Curtis 119. Gus Straus 112, Military Man
117. finished as named.
SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
four-year-olds and up; selling.
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. 8t. % Fin.
6 to 2— Havlland. 100 (Sheehan). 6 1 1%1 h
4 to 1— Potheen; 108 (Henry) 6 6 H 2 nk
8 to 1 — L. Crawford. »9 (Nlcol). 1 2 2^3 1
,'Time. 1:46. Start Kood. Won driving.
Winner. E. Corrlgan's br. g. (7) by Llttoon-
Anvolee. Cornwall 112, Louisville 08, Trinity
Bell 103. Treacy 99, Barkelmore 104, finished
as named. ,
CHICAGO, .May 21.— English Lad,
the heavily backed favorite, won the
Chicago Derby at, Hawthorne to-day
by half a" length in a fierce drive with
Prince Silverwlngs. Moharlb, winner of
the Kansas City Derby, was third. The
time was 2:06.
English Lad's victory wasa popular
one, '''and'- when he passed under the
wire winner of the $15,000 race a tumult
among the 15,000 persons that packed
the grand stand and crowded the in
field was caused.
After a prompt start Prince Silver
wings took the lead and remained In
front until the stretch was reached. As
the horses turned into the stretch there
was a roar among the spectators as
English Lad, responding to the light
' touch of Nichols* whip, sprang forward
and passed Prince Silverwlngs. From
that point on English Lad held his
place and passed under the wire a wln
; ner by half a length. Prince Silver
! wings was the same distance in front
of Moharib.
For the first time in the history of
Chicago racing the Western Union Tel
egraph Company was barred from the
track. The order was made, It is be
lieved, because of the recent action of
the telegraph company in refusing to
continue Its racing services to pool
rooms. Newspapers and all other cus
tomers of the telegraph company suf
fered from the order. The threatened
raid on bookmakers and track officers
by constables amounted to .nothing.
While there were a score of constables
carrying warrants to be served, only
.two arrests were. made, and this was
done so quietly that few patrons of
the. track had any knowledge of the
proceedings. The arrests had no effect
on the betting, as the men were,, al
lowed to continue taking bets, after
having been served with the warrants.
Summary:
FIRST RACE: — Five furlongs; three-year
olds and "up; purse
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. %• Fin.
15 to 1— Kan. Hodge, 90 (Lannon) 4 3 h 1 4
3 to 5— Irene L4nd«ey,l65 (Hnry) 8 2 12%
7 to 1— Syl. Talbot.103 (Mountn) 8 1 2&3 V,
Tlme.l:00 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. W. Marden A Co.'a ch. f. (3) by
Rosslngrton-Mre. Lane. Frontenac 107. The
Crisis 102, Little Jones 102, Day 95. finished
as named. /
WILL WAGE WAR
ON RACETRACKS
OAKLAND PLAYS
A COMEDY GAME
COLLEGE BOYS
PLAY IN FORM
Spectators Cheer
English Lad's
Victory.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SV^/fkY, MAY 22, '1904.
WINNERS OF STALLION STAKES
Winner. I Tim*. I Value.
1898-JJean Beraud :59 $15,503
1889 Pupil :B8% 14,537
1900 Bonnibert ..11:00% 10,352
1901 Canard 1:01 11.15S
¦1902 Mizxen ..... I59H 10,837
1903 Magistrate •• :58 10,087
1904 Tanya :S8 1-5 11,015
Coffee culture In Java is on the wane,
and it Is not impossible that In the
course of time It may be given up en
tirely. The reasons for this are the
exhaustion of the soil and the competi
tion of Brazilian coffee.
Preparations have been completed
for a big automobile, bicycle and mo
tor-cycle ra^ce meet to be held at In-
Kleside on June 5. A feature of the
meet will be a two-mile tandem race.
All tbe cracks are expected to com
pete. The programme Is a varied one,
and exciting sport is expected.
36
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AD 9 ERTIS EMESTT3.
RHEUMATISM (*%
JOIHTS AHD MUSCLES SWOLLEN AHD STIFF S^^ 1
A disease so painful and far-reaching in its effects ' lllillLj V
upon the human system as Rheumatism, must have a deep \*wwfefc* /
and well-laid foundation. It originates and develops in ]||ip~ r /
the blood, and, like other diseases of the blood, is fre- S^it^F^ElV
quentiy inherited. The poisonous acids with which the
blood is charged circulate through the system, breaking Vx||§lE&?fii?
down the health, irritating
iho nprvM «;ettlin"- in inints *%.'¦'! '*'¦ Columbus.O., May 30, 1903.
tne nerves, SeiUing in joints ihadaBevere attack of Inflammatory Jiheuma-
and muscles, and causing the turn. I was laid up in bed for six months, and tb«
sharp, cutting pains peculiar iSSS^^S^^^^i^^t^Sk
to Rheumatism. Unless the »««med to help mi. Finally X left off their medi-
blood is purified, joints and ?^JS£^£U!^&&&n^
muscles become coated With could not close them when opened. I was Retting
t Tip acrid matter and are ren- <u * c °uraeed when I begum 8. S. 8., but as I saw it
tne acna mauer ana are ren w »s heipfkg me, continued, and to-day am a sound,
dered stiff and sore, and the well man. ' - '
nerves completely wrecked. U55 Mt « Vernon Are. B. H. chapman.
Rheumatism, being a constitutional blood disease, requires internal treat-
ment. Liniments, plasters and such things as are applied outwardly, give
S^m^ /^^ only temporary relief. S. S. S. is the recognized great-
f^S |C^ est °* *** blood purifiers and tonics, and in no disease
V^V V^^ does it act so promptly and beneficially as Rheuma-
N-^7 tism, neutralizing the acids and restoring the blood
y" 1 ' to a pure,, healthy condition and invigorating and
toning up the nerves and all parts of the system. \ It is guaranteed strictly
vegetable. Write us should you desire medical advice, which will cost you
•othinS. _ jif E SVflFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CA.
ft'»j tnan who works with brain
gS-rj and nerve in any line is the '
suspensory
It will remove the strain,
which unconsciously con-
sumes nerve energy.
Unconscious physical effort
is just as trying as conscious
effort— has just as much effect
9 on the mind, nerves and mus-
3 des.Askany vigorous,strong,
3 healthy, right-minded man
I who wears an O-P-C, wha*Ke
i thinks of it. His answer will
1 be a revelation to you.
J O-P-C suspensories are sold by
9 nearly alt druggists. No doubt
3 your druggist has them.
2 We assure you it will be to your .
J Interest to insist upon the O-P-C
M - If your dealer wyl not supply
"I you, send to n*. No. a O-P-C. lisle,
I $i-oo; No. 3 O-P-C, sili, J1.50.
% "The Mark of the .Master." an
fl interesting booklet, giving
'A reasons why every man should
q wear an O-P-C suspensory, sent
%| free upon request. '
y Bauer & Black
jj m Twenty-fifth SL. Chicago. C& A
i| DR. O. C. JOSLEN, -
! The Leading- Specialist.
I NEVER
FAIL TO
CURE
I positively cure every aliment pe-
1 1 cullar to men. I do not merely relieve
temporarily, but cure soundly and per-
] manently.* My success in curing Is due
' to the original, distinctive and thor-
oughly scientific methods I employ.
"WEAKNESS" la merely an indlca-
1 tion of a low form of inflammation in
the prostate gland, and this Inflamma. ¦
i tlon is but aggravated by stimulating
1 remedies that excite temporary activity. ,
I employ the only scientific and fully
effective treatment .. for "Weakness"
which effecta a permanent cure by re- , (
ttorlng the prostate gland to a sound <
and healthy state. I obtain complete '
i ' results In every case I treat. j
¦ I cure- .' also contracted disorders — ,
! Specific Blood Poison, Stricture, Varlco- i
', cele, Hydrocele, etc., by advanced '
methods. <
YOU CAN PAT WHEN COVED. '.
I will mall you "free my pamphlet. J
"Live All Your Years a Man." Write i
for It. Consultation and advice are <
, free at office or by mall. ;
DR. 0. cTjOSLEN,
; Cor. Market and Kearny St*.
1 Private Entrance. 702 Market st.
:_c _'. WLX -..;-..k.'_ w _..._... .-, .-.-u-^uwA 'The; higher. life is. not found on ; the
pedestal of prido. '¦¦ .» ¦ ;
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey — ¦¦
Time end Heigtjt of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The hizh and low waters occur at
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer, j Destination. ¦ Sails.] Pier.
May 22. j |
Ohehalis Oraya Harbor 3 pm|Pler 2
Rainier <.jS*att!«> & BTsham 4 pmlPier 10
j Pomona. — jHumboldt jl :C0 pjpier 9
«. Rosa ;Ran DWrso & Way. I 9 amlPier 11
G. XV. Elder iAstorla & Portland 11 amjPier 2»
May 23. j
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 rniPler U
Eureka . Humboldt [12 rn! Pier 13
IJonita Newport A Way.. I 9 amjPier 11
Centennial.. Seattle *: Tacoma.. I 5 pm\l'ler 20
: Kay 24. I
Elizabeth. • "Coquille River ! 5 pmlPler 20
Czarina |Coog Bay direct. . . i 1 0 amjrier S
Montara 'Seattle St Tacoma. | 2 pmjPier 9
E. Monica... ll>os Angelets Ports. 112 miPier 2
j' May 25. j |
Spokane...- i Humboldt l:3Qp|P!er 3
Arctic JHumboldt 9 amiPter 2
Sequoia... .. I Willapa Harbor 4 pmlPier 20
Htrmonthis. Hamburg & Way.. 112 mJPier 19
Senator...,. Puget Sound Ports. Ill am|Pltr 1>
May 26. | |
State of Cal. San DleRo & Way.] 9 am]Pler 11
Porno. |Pt. Arena & Albion! « pm Pier 2
G. Lindauer 'Grays Harbor •! Pier —
Eonmca Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
May 27. |
Centralla... Gray* Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Arjo JEel River Ports... 4 pmiPier 2
K. Cruz Pan Pedro & Way. 8 am'Pler 11
North Fork . j Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 28.
[ Newbur*... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
t Pt. Arena... | Point Arena 4 pmlRier 2
! San J«»n.. jN. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPier 40
Nevadan Hono. & Kahului. 3 pm Pier 10
May 29. .
Mariposa... Tahiti direct '. . 11, am Pier 7
May 30. «
Aurelia Attorla & Portland Pier —
City Puebla. Pugct Sound PorU. 11 am Pier 0
May 31.
Jeanie ScaUl* & Tacoma: 5 pmlPier 20
June 1. |
Doric China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Jane 2. :
St. Paul Nome & St.Mlchael 2 pm Pier 20
FItOM SEATTLE.
i Steamer! j For. Salli.
J. Dollar |Valdez & Seward. ...... May 22
l>olphin 'Skarway & Way Ports. May 2*
Alkl jSkacway & Way Ports. May 23
Nome City Nome May 25
City Seattle. ..(Skagway & Way PorU. May 26
Cottage City..; Ska sway & Way Ports. May 2X
Farallon i Bkagway & Way PorU. May 29
TO SAIL.
OCEAN, STEAMERS,
.NEW YORK— Arrived May 21— Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived May 21 — Stmr Cel
tic, (rora New York. ' "- •- -
TENERIFFE-r-Arrived May 4— Ger itmr
Isls. from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
MALTA— Arrived Apr 30— U S stmr Kllpat
rick. from. Manila, for New York.
PERIM— Paseed May 20 — Ger stmr Nubia,
from New York, for Honskons. . .
. SINGAPORE — Sailed May 7 — Br stmr Ty_
Jeus, for' LiverDOol. •¦"...¦"-¦ "
NANAIMO — Sailed ' May 20 — Br otmr "Wye
flelcl. for San Francisco. . ,
SYDNEY— Arrived May 21— Ship Hawaiian
Isles from Melbourne. - . r -
HONGKONG — Arrived prior , May , 21— Br
Btmr Gaelic.' hence Apr 26. j • •
¦ NAGASAKI — Sailed May 21 — U S stmr Lo
can, for San Francisco. ...
TOCOPILLA— Arrived May 6 — Br 'ship
Swanhtlda. from Panama. .... .
i NEWCASTLE. N. S. W.— Arrived May 20—
Br stmr Indradeo, from Melbourne.
FOREIGN PORTS,
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed out
May 20— Stmr Oregonlan, from Philadelphia,
for New. York. '
The Sunday-schools of St. X.uke's,
Trinity and All Saints Protestant
Episcopal churches combined for an
outing picnic at.Fernbrook Park, in
Miles ' Canyon, yesterday, and both
children and adults returned home In
evening tired, sunburned and per
fectly, happy.
After a short trip by train and boat
the children were turned loose into the
fields to run and shout to their hearts'
content, and, although the day was
very warm, the programme of games
and races was witnessed by all, who in
their interest and excitement forgot
the heat. Rev. W. E. Hayes of St.
Luke's Church and Rev. James Hume
of Trinity Church accompanied the
party and E. E. Beard of St. Luke's
Church looked after the welfare and
comfort of all.
ABERDEEN— Sailed : May 21^-Schr Abble. j
for San Francisco. . |
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 21— Schr !
Spokane, hence Apr 20.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed May 21— Stmr
James S. Higtins, for Rcdondo; etmr Santa
Cruz, for -San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
PAPETTE— Arrived "Apr 10— Yacht Lur
line, from Honolulu, i
Sailed May 14 — Yacht Lurllne. for Samoa.
KAHULUI— Palled May 21— Ship Bangalore,
for Delaware Breakwater, j
. " EASTERN PORTS.
Picnic to Fcrnbrook Park.
SANTA ROSA, May 21. — Lowell and
Santa Rosa High School athletic teams
met at Pierce Brothers' park this af
ternoon and Lowell was vanquished by
a score of 79i/> points to 45^ points.
The contests- were among the best ever
seen here and aroused the greatest en
thusiasm among those who witnessed'
them. Rooters were much in evi
dence, and the colors of the two high
schools floated to the breeze from the
grand stand. The visitors and the
local track team and some invited
guests were entertained -to-night at a
dance in Red Men's Hall, given by the
young ladies of the Santa Rosa High
School.
The Santa Rosa team won first place
in following events: Fifty-yard dash,
100-yard dash, 220-yard dash, 440
yard dash, mile run, 120 and 220 yard
hurdles, pole vault, - hammer throw,
shot put and relay* race. Lowell won
only three first events, the 880-yard
dash, high jump and broad jump.
Allow Their Opponent's From This
City First Place iq But
Three Events.
SAXTA ROSA ATHLETES
DEFEAT THE LOWELL TEAM
Programme for the River Convention
Tq-Morrow Offers Subjects of
Great Public Interest.
A list of speakers with the topics
they will discuss has been prepared by
the general committee for the river
convention to-morrqw at the .Palace
Hotel. The address of welcome to the
delegates will be delivered by Gover
nor George C. Pardee.. Professor Car!
C. Plehn of the University of Califor
nia will speak on "The Importance of
Rivers to a Country"; J. B." Lippln
cott on "The Investigations of the
United States Geological Survey in the
Sacramento Pasln"; Professor Mc-
Adie of the United States Weather
Bureau on "The Rivers of California
as Flood Carriers": W. S. Green of
Colusa on "The Rivers as Freight
Carriers"; W. II. Mills on "The Im
portance to the State of Measures to
Improve the Drainage of the Valleys";
Edward F. Adams on "The Economic
Aspect and Provision of Funds"; Com
missioner of Public Works Frank D.
Ryan of Sacramento on "Plans of Re
lief," and Senator Robert. Devlin of
Sacramento on "The Practicability ol
a Drainage District Ija.w."
The convention will come together
at 10 o'clock. Most of the delegates
will arrive in this city to-day. An ex
cursion party of delegates will Kail
down the Sacramento River ca a
steamboat, inspecting the stream en
route, and at Antioch will take a train
for this city.
Russia's Commissariat Problem.
France Milnitaire contains an inter
esting study of the commissariat prob
lem of the Russian army. For an army
of 300,000 men and 100,000 horses 1600
tons of food and fodder are required.
This amount can be transported in six
trains composed of from thirty to thir
ty-five cars, the loading of which re
quires not more than a day. But there
are already at Mukden, Port Arthur
and other points in Manchuria provi
sions for six months, and Manchuria
and the Russian coast provinces are
rich in grain and cattle. According to
this study, in September Russia can
dispose of 60,000 tons of grain produced
Steamer. . From. Due.
Elizabeth 'Coquille River Siay 22
Hermonthis S^attif- May 22
Arctic Humboldt May 22
Chico I Portland & Astoria IMay 22
Del Norte Crescent City IMay 22
G. Lindauer.. ..Grays Harbor May 22
Bequola '¦ Willapa Harbor IMay 22
Ban Mateo. j Tacoma IMay 23
fcpokane i Humboldt IMay 23
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul IMay 23
State of Cal...! San Dleiro & Way Pts.iMay 2-5
S.Monica | Grays Harbor IMay 24
Porno Point Arena & Albion.. !May 2t
fanta Cruz... San Pedro & Way Ports.jMay 2*
North Fork. .. Humboldt (May 24
Columbia Portland & Astoria | May 24
Eureka Humboldt IMay 23
Aurrlia 'Portland & Astoria IMay 25
City Peking.. ; New York via Panama. '.May 25
Argn : Eel Hlvtr Ports uiay 2»
tVye.flcld 'Nanaimo IMay 20
Pomona Humboldt [May 20
Point Arena.. ; Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. JMay 2<?
Santa Rosa.^, i San Diego & Way Ports May 26
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports May 26
City Sydney...' New Torfc via Panama. May 2G
Arcata <;oos Hay & Pt Orford.jMay 27
Curarao iMexfran Ports !May 28
J--IH*- 'Seattle & Tacoma !May 2S
Bonlta ! Newport & Way Ports. (May 28
Sitwria j China & Japan JMay 2S
O. W. Klder.. Portland & Astoria IMay iU
Alarr.fda jHonolulu [May 31
T-mat'lla ':Pu«et Sound Ports I May 31
Kewport New York via Panama. jjune 1
•The steamer I eru sailed yesterday for Pari
an-.* nn<i nay port* with a grn^-ral inrrchndiKe
cirg'o, valued at $22S.2V). to be distributed as
follow*: Tor Mexico, $VM6; Central America.
¦ «
Cargo !>y the Panama Steamer.
T«he O< «anic Steamship Company's
lirfcr A lambda, which l<*-ft here May 14,
arrived at Honolulu at S a. m. May 20.
.
Arrives at Honolulu.
"The -Italian ship Laura was added to
tie* overdue list yesterday, quoted at 15
¦•p*»r tent. She is out 112 days from
Newcastle, Australia, for Tocopilla.
The Lamorna is quoted at 90 per cent,
the- Con^maugh at £5 per cent, the Pit
cairn Ifland at 3u per cent and the lima
and the L<-;-Iancl Bros, at 10 per cent.
The Overdue List.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner
Peru sailed yesterday for Panama and
way ports with C500 tons of cargo, six
ty i.'hinese passengers, fifteen steerage
jiasengers and in the cabin the follow
ing:
Kor Central American ports — R. G.
Brown. C W. Parsons. Carlos Maul,
.Samuel Tyack. S. Baldiveeso, Mrs. M.
• V. dp Mattheu and daughter, Mrs. N.
Blanco. B. J. Cohen. A. L<ehrenkronss,
V. . Bracamontcs, Manuel Espinosa.
Iftn M. A. Ross, R. M. Sherman. Miss
M. I^e Maire. J. J. Carew. Herbert Ma
.S(Tn. '
For New York — F. W. Belcher and
•w;"i>." Dr. M. E. Hoffman. Mrs." Jane
Thompson and daughter. Miss K. Bar
r<»re. Dr. Canton and Miss G. L. Buck.
Peru Sails for Panama.
PETALUMA. May 21. — Former
Senator William Thompson of Nevada
died this morning from the effects of
morphine poisoning taken Friday to
end his life. W. B. Thompson, a son
of the deceased, arrived here yesterday
and will take the body to San Fran
oisro for cremation. The deceased
was prominent in Reno, Nev., and this
season a familiar figure at the coast
race tracks. It is said that he lost
heavily on the races and that he was
on the verge of delirium when he
planned the taking of his life. The
deceased was a native of Kentucky,
63 years of age. He leaves a wife and
a large family in Reno.
William Thompson of Nevada Loses
Heavily on the Races and Then
Swallows Morphine.
FORMER SENATOR KILLS
HIMSELF AT FETALUMA
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed May 21— Stmr
Santa Cruz, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 21— Stmr Whlttier,
for San Francisco; fetmr Grace Dollar, for San
Pedro.
Sailed May 21— Schr Falcon, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed May 21— Schr "Wllllan Renton for
Ean Francisco.- . .
.SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 21— Schr No
komls, from Tacoma; stmr Samoa, from Cas
par. .
SEATTLE — Arrived May 21— Stmr Farallon
from Skagway.
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived May 21— Stmr
Olympic, hence May 17.
Sailed May 21— Schr Guide, for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA— Arrived May 21— Stmr Mlneola,
hence May 17.
REDONDO — Arrived May 21— Stmr Jamea
S. Hlsrglns, hence May 10.
TATOOSH— Passed May 21— Ship St. Fran
cis from Ladysmith. for Nome; schr King
Cyrus, from Belllngham, for San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed May 21—
Stmr Acme, for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed May 21— Bktn Re
triever, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed May 21— Schr Spo
kane, for San Francisco.
BANDON — Sailed May 21— Schr Berwick,
for RAusrh River.- - ¦¦
EUREKA — Arrived May 21— Stmr Coqullle
River, hence May 10.
Sailed May 21— Stmr WcstDort, for San
Francisco. ¦¦ v^\. *
DOMESTIC PORTS
POINT LOBOS, May 21. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy,; wind west; velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Saturday. May 21."
T" S ftmr Solace. Kuil. Guam, via Honolulu.
Stmr Despatch. Levinson, San Pedro.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, Portland, etc.
Stmr laqua, Jorgeneon. Eureka.
- Stmr W. H. Kruger, Ahlln. Dutch Harbor.
Stmr Uee, Wehrr.an, Eureka.
Stmr Georpe I^oomis, Badger. Redondo.
Nor etmr Tltar.ia, Egenes. Nanalmo.
Blrar Portland. Hays, St. Michaels, via
"NonT? ar.d L'nalaska.
Stmr Peru, Macklnnon. Panama and way
ports. ¦ -
Stmr Point Arena, .Miller, Mendocino.
Stmr Argn. Dunham, Eel River.
Stmr Mandnlay, Smith, Humboldt Bay.
Stmr Aberdeen. Bonifield. Portland.
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntzen, Ladysmith
Ship Marlon Chllcott. Williams. Honolulu.
Ship Emily Reed. Davidson. Port Townsend
Schr Ida A, Campbell. Point Rey<?«.
Schr Jennie <!rif fin, Gibson, Hollnas
Sohr lx>uis. Barron. Columbia River.
Schr Glendale, Gronvold. Grays Harbor
Schr John F. Miller, Huh?. Grays Harbor.
Schr Newark. Reinertsen, Stewarts Point.
Schr J. M. Colman, Petterson, Anacortcs. '
CLEARED,
Saturday. May 21.
Stmr George W. Elder, Randall Astoria-
O H & X Co. ' "
. .Stmr Pomona. Kwanson, Eureka; P C S S Co.
Stmr Peru, Macklnnon, Panama etc I P M
S S Co.
Nor stmr Tellus. Aruntzen, Ladyemith; R.
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Stmr Portland. Hays. St. Michaels, via
Nome and Cnaiaska; Northern Commercial Co.
Nor stmr Tltanla. Egenes, Xanalmo; West
ern Fuel Co.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. May 21.
Stmr Xavarro, Weber, 15 hours from Men
doclno.
.Stmr F. A. Kllburn, Jahnsen, 6*$ hours from
Port Rod-ers.
Stmr National City, Hammer. 15 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Senator, Cousins, 61 }£ hours from Vic
toria and way ports.
Stmr Chehalls, Martin, 37 hours from San
Pedro. •
Stmr Greenwood. Swaneon. 17 hours from
Cleone.
Stmr Marlnosa, Rennie, 11 days 20 hours
13 mtn from Paoette.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 7t hours from San
P*»dro. via Port Harford. with bktn Gardiner
City in tow.
Stmr Kureka, JpsFen. 24 hours from Eureka
Stmr Kakme. Chri^tensen, f,5 hours from
San P*dro. via Alcatraz Landing 41 hours,
with schr Lama In tow.-
Stmr Bonlta, titelow, 64 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr Celia, Nordherg. IS hours from Albion
Stmr Asuncion, Brldgatt, 4S hours from As.
toria. . .'
Bktn Gardiner City. Walton, 74 hours from
San Pedro, via Port Harford, in tow of etmr
Noyo.
Schr Loraa, Sternbaker, Co hours from San
Pedro, via Alcatraz Landing, In tow of stmr
Lakme.
Schr Henry Wilson, Johnson, 5 days from
Aberdeen.
Shipping* Intelligence.
A young woman of the half world
named Mae Hammond was found in
room 33 at 212 Eddy. street yesterday
afternoon at 4 o'clock suffering from
carbolic acid poisoning. Policeman O.
H. Rodiger was notified and had the
woman removed to the Emergency
Hospital, where Dr. Stephen pro
nounced her case hopeless.
She left the following note:
"Dear Old Pop — Good-by; I also bid
all* my friends the same. I commit this
act for reasons best kept to myself.
Pop, please see that my body is buried,
and take good care of yourself, for
you are indeed one of the best men
in this world. Well, pop, your petsie
will not bother you any longer. So I
bid you good-by once more. I re
main, yours tm'S''
"MISS MAE HAMMOND."
Miss Mac Hammond Leaves a Note
Bidding Her Father and Friends
Farewell.
YOUNG WOMAN
COMMITS SUICIDE
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
¦ lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Ilydrcgraphic Office. V. S. X.. Mer
chants Exchange, Sin Francisco. Cal.,
Mav 21 1004.
TOPICS FOR CONVENTION'
ASSIGNED TO SPEAKERS
on the spot in addition to 700,000 cattle
and a vast quantity of pigs. During
the summer the service which will be
rendered by the waterways will relieve
the Trans-Siberian road.— New York
Globe.
SUNDAY. MAY 22.
Sun rises 4:C3
Sun sets 7:18
Moon sets (first quarter) 0:37 a. m.
.0 jTimel JTIme] Time Time
5 Ft. | Ft. Ft. FL
o ill XV) IX. W] II W L W
22 ! 4:40 4.6111:12 O7~«7l3 5.2
L. W H W L, W II W
23 I 0:14 2.2 6:07 4.2 12:12 1.1 7:02 8.4
24 I 1:20 1.5 7:2« 4.3 1:11 1.4 7:50 8.8
25 12:121 1.0 8:40 4.5 2:00 1.6 8:35 8.8
26 I 3:041 0.3.9:471 4.6 2:4S 2.1| 0:20 5.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tidta
the early morning tides are given in the left
har.-d column and tha successive tidt of the
day in the order of occurrence as to t.me; the
fourth' time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, aj
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Ccast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted Irom the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
During her last trio from Portland
¦the schooner Alliance, which arrive!
here Friday, ran Into and probably
killed a huge whale. The steamer
was running at full speed. The whale
.efcme to the surface about ten feet
ahead of the schooner and was struck
.with terrific force. The Alliance shiv
ered her timbers with a vengeance and
• for a few minutes Captain Hardwick
thought he had found the uncharted
rock so familiar to Government In
spectors Bolles and Buljjer. The im
pact stopped the steamer's headway,
bufthe collision did not seem to budge
the whale, which drifted off appar
ently unconscious of the jar. Pres
ently, however, the water in the vicin
ity of the whale turned red with
blood and after a few convulsive wags
of his tail the monster lay still and
made no further move while in sight
of. the people on the steamer.
• The Alliance struck the whale hend
• on and sustained no damage, but Cap
lain Hardwick thinks the whale re
ceived a mortal blow.
Alliance Strikes a Whale.
the city front (Mission-street wharO about 2;
minutes later than at Fort Point; the heigh
of tide U the same at both places.
BAKKENTINE CARDIXER CITY.
WHICH WAS DISMASTED BY
EEINU DRIVEN UNDER WHARF.
The steamer also carried 17.37S lbs dried
fruit, valued at f 1110. en route to- Winnipeg,
Manitoba.
\y for Victoria, carried an assorted cargo,
consigned to the port of destination and other
British Columbian ports, valued at $13,105, and
including the iollowing:
1235 pkga frf-sh fruits, 243 pkgs fresh vege
tables, 23.8C1 lbs dried fruit. 1S0O lbs ralsir.s,
120 pkgs table preparations. 74 cs canned
goods. 17 pkgs potatoes, 2267 lb* 2 cs chece,
4000 lbs rice 278 gals wine 102 pkgs paste,
42.610 lbs malt. 2200 lbs chocolate. 1S00 lbs
meals. 13. 60S lbs btans. 10 pkgs groceries ajid
provisions. .'59C lbs coffef. 1 cs honey. 14-S0 lbs
dried fish. 20 bxg soap. tl4 pkgs paints and oils.
16 pes 1 bdl gteel. 68 pkgs paper. 03 bars
10 bdls iron, 2 rolls leather. SO rolls roofing,
ItttOl feet hardwood. 104." lbs bene ash. 17 cyls
gas. 4 pkgs acid. 5710 lbs asphalt. IS pkgs
tank material. 179 pkgs pipe and fittings, 2 cs
dry goods. 3S cs arm? and ammunition, 1 cs
t'.ectrical supplies, 1 pkg machinery, 133 lbs
tobacco.
The steamer T'matilla, which sailed on Fri-
$:;2.99S; Tanama. $S"34; Colombia. $580; New
York $175. 4«2; England, $11,150; Trinidad
It land. 5C40; Barbadoes Island, $C00. The lead
ln«r ixports were as follows:
To Mexico — 914 gals wine. 3ti pkgs bread. 2i
os canned goods. 20 bales hay, -0 ctls oats,
3.'! pkes meals. 2 tbls flour. 11 pkgs potatoes
&nd onions. 22 . pkgs groceries and provisions,
U7 pkgs paints and oils. 10 coils rope. 3O.(XK)
lbs cement. 1000 flasks quicksilver. 2 bales
duck. '2. bales twine. Zd cs 1 bbl tar. 6 pkgf
machinery. !» kegs nails. 36S."i lbs yellow metal.
250 bdls shocks, 40 boiler tubes. 4 carboys acid.
To Central America— u"9T6 bbls flour, SOOO lbs
rice. C51 gals 38 cs wine. 10 pkgs potatoes. 38
I'U-s table preparations. C$5 lbs ham and ba
con. 60 cs whUky. 20 bbl» beer. 5 cs liquors.
2319 lbs 6 <-s . bread. St5 cs canned goods. 30
rkgs paste. 7GO lbs raisins. 770 lbs sago. 7 cs
mineral wat>-r. :!9 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 11 cs o rkgs salmon 2491 lbs eptces,
$10 lbs dried fruit. 128S lbe' meals. 23 bales
leather, 450 kegs powder. 366 os caal oil,
24.7S1 lbs tallow.- l-t; pkgs paints and oils. 1".U
Pcb iron. 27 bbls tar. 21 cs cartridge*-. 12 oars.
5 pkgs machinery- 20 pkgs dry goods. 5C0 lbs
rosin. 25 kegs nails. 7 bdU S bars steel, 40,523
feet lumber. 2 calves. - -
To Panama — 35O bbls flour. 1004 lbs sugar,
14 cs liquors. COCO gals wine. 42 cs canned
goods. 4 cs honey. S pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 4 i- «¦¦«!» paints and oils. 60 bales hay,
4000 lbs cement. 1010 lbs soap. 383 lbs soda,
21 bdls brooms. 3 cs drugs 23.57S feet lumber.
Colombia— 1P5 bbls flour] 10S gals wine.
To New York — 189.139 "gals wine. 75 gals
brandy. 1000 cs canned *almon. C bbls olives.
1500 flasks quickfilver. 2S2 sks cattle horns,
700.374 lbs pig lead 42.8"O lbs cement 123
bal"s Junk. 19.250 lbs dry hides. S0.296 lbs
wool, 1 pkg machinery, 2o cs dry goods.
To England — 2*'«K) CS canned salmon.
To Trinidad I?lancl — ]?0 c* canned salmon
and 10 cs assorted canned goods.
To Barbadoes Island — 2Go cs canned salmon.
¦•
Kxporis for the North.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
.1 to 2— David S. 118 (H. SmiUi). 1 12 1 2#
5 to 2— Dr. Birdsall 101 (Sullhrn) 8 2 1 2 3
40 to 1— Little Secret. 121 (M'Le'n) 4 0 1^3 M
Time. 1:43 U. Start good. Won. easily. Sec
ond and third driving. Miss May Bowdlsh 91,
Moor 123. Reolla II MJ, Estraza 107, War Times
SO. Arthur Ray 12t>. Carilee 116. finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
11 to 5— Mtmo. 102 (O. Bullman). 4 4 1 ns
5 to 1— Pat Morrlssy.100 (Holbk) 2 G 2 2 2
S to 1— Chileno, »'-' (Crosswalthe) 1 1 H 3 1
Time. l:14Vi. Start good. Won In a. hard
drive of three. Nellie Bawn 05, Nanon 06,
Anlrad 65, Jud^e Vocrhles 100, Cheerden 101,
finished as named. •**;
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlong?; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
8 to 5 — Illowaho 1U0 (Crswalthe) 2 1 IVjl 3
10 to 1— Harry Beck, 1<X> (Smith). 8 4 M 2h
5 to 2— My Surprise. 104 (Fntaln) 7 2 1%3 h
Time. 1:2S. Start good. Won easily. Next
three driving hard. Possart 114, Headwater
111, Chickadee. lOt. Montana Peeress 104, nour
ish 111 Drr'Shorb 111. finished aa named.
2 to 1— Jn. Bellardo.115 (Bzmn) 2 12 3 3
Time, 1:01 H- Start good for all but Gladys
Belle. Tarrigan 101, Nonle 114, Pencil Mo
107, Bee Rosewater 107, Gladys Belle 109, fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACK— Five furlongs; selling. j
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
100 to 1 — Montezuma. 100 (Hvnr) 3 2 2 1 l^j
Even— Abydos, 94 (Crosswalte) 1 4 2 2 3
SECOND RACE — l-'our furlongs; two-year
oMa: purse.
Betting.. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Only Jimmie, 108 (Hvnr) 2 12 14
4 to 5— Prl. Waters. 105 (Hlbrk) 12 12 3
25 to 1— Leah. K>5 (Sullivan) 4 3H 3 Hi
Time, :49. Won easily. Second and third
drlvinp. Lady Ninora U>5, Mary Pepper 105.
Vel 105. Anita Knight 107, Bon Ami 105, Iron
King 108, Herthus 10!), finished as named.
FIRST HACK— Five furlongs; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. •% Fin.
Kven— Ama;:a. 112 (Powell)... 3 2 1 1 »i
2 to 1— Crigll. •-' iCnisswaiie).. 4 1 1 2h
30 to 1— Oathello, 110 (McHanr-.on) 9 3 1 3 1>i
Time, l:O2'j. Start good. Won first threi!
driving hard. Sir Dougall 11G. Saul of Tar
sus 112, Profltabla lOfi. Vonzollern 105, HU
Rica 112. Tom Kinsrsley 114, Conche 97, fin
ished as named.
PET ALUM A, May 21. — Fifteen hun
dred people attended to-day's races at
Kenilworth Park, half of them coming
from San Francisco. The big event of
the day was the victory of Capp &
Co.'s bay gelding Montezuma, played
at 100 - to 1. Several country people
who nibbled at the big odds are rejoic
ing. The horse was 30 to 1 place and
10 to 1 show. Montezuma was third at
the start. At the half he was second to
Juan Bellardo and won handily by a
length and a half. Abydos came from
fourth place in the stretch and took
second money.
In the maiden race Only Jimmy won
sheckels for his admirers at 12 to 1. He
won easily. Stover's Illowaho took the
honors in the fourth race. . P. Sher
idan's Mlrrio won a close race from
Pat Morrissey and Chileno. Stanfield's
David S. won easily his event, leading
Dr. Birdsall two and a half lengths.
Betting was brisk, the weather was
fine and' the track' fast. It is stated
the meet will be extended ten days, but
this could not be verified. Most of the
horses will leave about June 1 for the
Seattle meeting. Summary:
Only Jimmy Runs Great Race
in the Maiden Event and
Lands at a Tempting Price
FAEMEES HAVE TICKETS
Bay Gelding JJontezuma
Comes In Ahead of Field at
Odds of a Hundred to One
The reins of government are drawn
.tight in Tahiti these days and the
easy goingr natives are learning some
" thing of the drought which is legally
supposed to exist in an American pro
hibition district. Acting Governor
Corr. who represents France in the
JFYench South Sea possessions, of
which Tahiti forms an important part,
has issued an edict forbidding the
manufacture and sale of rum in any
l/aj"t" of the domain under his rule,
' except in the city of Papeete and in
several other principal ports of some
of the other islanas.
Under Governor Corr's rule the mil
• itury and police guards have been re
uuced in size. French doctors are do
i:\g all they can to insure the health
of the natives and the Government
generally to make healthy and happy
the lot of its lazy subjects.
The Oceanic steamship Company's
•Iin^r Mariposa, Captain Rennie, ar
rived yesterday from Papeete with a
cargo of tropical products and twenty
eight passengers. Many of the pas
sengers have been to the South Seas
. In search of rest. They were all suc
cessful in their quest- W. R. Alber
ceF of \iie Santa Fe, who left here
• weary with many months at his desk,
returned yesterday looking as if he
hadn't done a stroke of work for
thirty years.
C. York, R. Brown and J. Smith,
who came up on the Mariposa, are
musicians and are going to the St.
Louis Exposition.
The yacht Lurline was at Papeete
tv hile the Mariposa was there. She
made a record run from Honolulu to
the Tahiti port. H. II. Sinclair, who
now owns th» Lurline, has with him
«jrr this South Sea cruise his wjfe and
daughter. L. B. Freeman of this city
is Sinclair's guest. The Lurline ar
rjved at Papeete April 19 and May 14
sailed for Samoa.
The Mariposa's cargo included 21,
670 cocoanuts, vanila, copra, shells,
be.eswax and furgrus.
Among the passengers were the fol
lowing::
W. R. Alberger, E. Brauit. Mrs. C.
Ti. Keeler, Miss E. Hoare, G. L. Ken
nedy, Mrs. Brauit. G. G. Keeler, Mrs.
J. W. Wolf and daughter. P. Bou
¦ hard, Mrs. W. H. Robinson. H. Hear
field, G. Meuel, H. Robinson, Mrs. S.
' Hoare. Mi?s I. Pechin, H. Wolf, C.
York, R. Brown. T. Smith, J. Guerin,
F. Tilly, R. W. Trottman. Mrs. M. A.
Teharura and A. Vanden.
OUTSIDER WINS
AT KENILWORTH
FRENCH GOVERNMENT RESTRICTS
SALE OF RUM IN THE SOUTH SEAS
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL- SUNDAY,, MAY 22. 1904.
37
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
VIGOR of YOUTH
FREE TO
FOR y""" """Nw MEW
* fiJt£ A If / To prove the
Vt EAr\ MnfriLO*'^ \ rr " rv ?¦ 1 o u b
MfiTCtif •' " »» I curative
J»C3 I lA-Api-^' I powers of our
AmAI •*» Jli*^rMl mi*t remark-
/i£ W *2\\\cTRE«'G ' \J i!le horn*
iCOxjjXi/ *¦ trea * m «nt. you
«V ff /o% /L \" \ \ store lost
i»«"S8 "v )C r K\ \ **-rtT:gth and
• Q*ri 1 ' ff WSaSCE^y^ phcric p r e e-
**! < VJ ! tJ~m! &*3&&&r[ hUre il fX ~
1 "** 1 '"* organs and Is
' -- t li e o n 1 y
kn<Mrn Bdentlfic means which will positively
enlarce and fully develop them. Used with our
Loail Abwrbln* Stimulating- Tonic. Germicidal.
ll^alirj. Medicated Urethra! Crayons always
quickly cures where all else fails. Gleet, all
Drains. Losses. Varicocele. Stricture, Prema-
turenees. Enlargement cf ProtUte Gland, etc.
A «tffc. simple home cure. NEVER FAILS.
Jlr Llewellyn on« of our staff of physicians.
he* discovered » nsarvelous remedy which will
rive action and produce results In. 5 minutes.
Applied locally only. Works like magic. Don"t
• fail *o call on us for demonstration or write
Tor new Illustrated book. No. 6. sent -securely
ve&led, free. Hours, • to 9; Sundays. 10 to 1. 1
IEALTB APPLIANCECO., I O'FarrcIl St. j
ADVEBHSEME2JTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION" AND AFFAIRS '.
OF THE
Hartford Steam
Boiler Inspection
AND INSURANCE COMPANY
OP HARTFORD, IX THE STATE OF CON-
necticut. on the 3tst day of December. A. D.
1903. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 ar.d 611 of the Pulltical Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Catlx $300.000 00
AS3ET3. "
Real Estate owned by Company.. $19,000 CO *
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 717,3-0 U'J
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and ISonds owned by company. . 2.012.49* 07
Cash In Company's Ofnce 6.735 23
Cash ln Banks lOi.703 05
Interest due and accrued oa. Bonds
and Mortgages 17.314 14
Premiums la due Course of Col-
lection 216,777 68
Total Assets ,$.T122,163 10
LIABILITIES. — — —
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspens» $20,413 03
Gross premiums on Risks rur.nlns
one year or less, $100,5t5 SI; re-
Insurance 60 per cent 54,832 60
Gross premiums on Risks runntn?
more than one year. $ !. 11-.-
3&! 10; reinsurance pro rata.... 1,796,473 19
Due and to become du<» for Com-
missions and Brokerase 32.518 84
Total Uabllitl-s $1,904.287 43
INCOME. .
Net cash actually received for
premiums $1,304,234 30
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 31.57* C
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 89,453 OS
Received for Rents 7S3 47
Received from all other sources.. 29.247 83
Total Iacom« .$1.464.313 63
EXPENDITCRE3. '
Ktt amount paid for Losses $157,134 "67
Dividends to Stockholders «0,0O0 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 336.103 63
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 67,900 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes • S9.893 87
Paid for Inspections 4S0.724 10
All ether expenditures 130.961 33
Total Expenditures .$1.313.143 87
Losses Incurred during the year $S8.323 60
Risks and Pr«mlnms — Premiums.
. RISKS AND PREMIUMS. Premiums.
Net amount written durlnr the
year $1,461.98353
Net amount expired durins the _¦ '_ ; —
,ear 1.293,11123
Net amount In force December 31,
CHAS M. BEACH. Vice President.
J. B. PIERCE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to befora m«, thla
23d day of January, 1904.
L. F. MIDDLEBROOK, Notary Public.
MAKX & WILS0X, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
MAS FHA.VCISCO, CAL,
«©»«o©o©©©oeo©©»o©oo©©o0®oea©©oso©oo9os«»«ooe©©oooo©o©«©o©oo*ooo9o«
I Lost Manhood
3 Varicocele, Impotency and Waste of Manly Power Are Quickly and Forever Cured by
| the Grand Product of Nature, Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. Send ior th3 Free Book.
! Free Electric Suspensory for Weak Men
© This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct to the weak parts and cures all weak-
• ness of men, varicocele, etc. It is free, it develops and expands all weak organs and checks un-
© natural drains. No case of Failing Vigor, Varicocele or Debility can resist the powerful Elec-
• trie Suspensory. It never fails to cure. It-is free with Belts for Weak Men.
O - Ko man should be weak; no man should suffer DK McLAUGHLIN . watsonvuxe. cm.
• the loss of that vital element which renders life bear sir— it i/ju«t about thirtr days sinc» I r*ceiv-a yoor
• worth living. No man should allow himself to be- Belt and will thorefora report as you requested. I can say to
Q , b \, . . , j . • , .^~~,^ n begin with that I have rained materially In strength, my stom-
*J come less a man than nature intended him; no man ach , s mueh better and l am thoroughly satisned with th» ap-
S| should suffer for the sins of his youth, when there pliance. I shall b« ilad to recommend th» treatment to my
0 is here at hand a certain cure for his weakness, mends. CHRiafViFERTSEX.
q a check to his waste of power. . An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and
® Most of the pains, most of the weakness of young as he did at 35. That shows how it renews
5 stomach, heart, brain and nerves, from which the vigor of youth!
S men suffer, are due to an early loss of nature's It cures Rheumatism, Sciatic Pains, Lumbago,
9 reserve power through mistakes of youth. You Kidney Trouble. It banishes pain in a night,
$ need not suffer for this. You can be restored. The never to return.
© very element which -you have lost. you can get DR McL.ACOHL.iNt CAPTTOliA. Cal.
2 back, and you may be as happy as any man that bear Sir— I commenced ns!n« your Belt the first of last De-
9 lives • member, and have received the preatest benefit from It* ns*.
• My Electric Belt, with Special Electric Suspen- "gZJZ?£?& ZSK^tL? to^SS^^h. &Si
m SOry (free) will restore your power. It will check condition of my abdomen was cured. I «at well, my stomach Is
a nil unnatural drains anri rriv*» Karl- the r>1H viVnr ln rocd order, sleep good, and my circulation Is good. I have
© all unnatural drains and gne back the Old \lgor the greatest faith In your electrical treatment, for the reiulM
d "Of "yOUtll" brought about in my case have proven lt 3 ability. When I came
0 " GEORGETOWN, Wash. to you I had suffered for forty-one years with dropsy, stomach
A DR. McLAUGHLIJ.': trouble, vital weakness and rheumatism. Now I have not an
a Dear Sir — I feel that I am in duty bound to you and suffering ache ln any of my bones, not -a stiff Jotnt. a rain or any other
5; humanity to make a statement In regard to what your Belt has ailment. I am doing politics for ycu every chance T yet. and
w done for me. When I purchased your Belt I was In a bad con- one of tne gentlemen whom I induced to purchase a Belt of you
0 dltlon; was compelled to take medicine every day to move the here says It has cured him of Bright's disease of th« kidneys,
ft bowels, and my kidneys and liver were so bad that the least jar Yours very truly,
a would give me creat pain. May back was so lame that when I . JOHN XV. LUNBECK.
JJ sat down it was almost impossible for me to get up again, if i What ails you? Write and tell me, and, no mat-
5» had not purchased your Belt when I did I believe that I would * er where VOU are I think I can eive vnti the ar?
© not have lived much longer. After using the Belt for a short *5 r Vl " crc vuu arc " . l ;nlnK x can g'^C yOU tne ad-
O time I found the results beyond expectations. All of the above dress Ot Some OI}C in your town that I have cured.
0 symptoms disappeared i consider your Beit the best in the I've cured thousands and every man of them is
2 market to-day and highly commend the attention given each pa- -, -it,:--, -, J,,»-*:,--^..^* fu t> il l " c "* »*
• tient while under your care. • Yours truly. a walking advertisement for my Belt.
• . ¦ ' . John b. avard. Every man who ever used it recommends it, be-
• This drain upon your power causes Kidney cause it is honest. It does great work, and those
• Troubles, Rheumatism and Stomach Ailments. whom I have cured are the more grateful because
g You know it's a loss of vital power and affects the cure cost so little.
9 every organ of the body. Most of the ailments Every man who uses my Belt gets the advice
j from which men suffer can be traced to it. and counsel of a physician free. I give you all
q I have cured thousands of men who have squan- that any medical man can give you, and a lot that
dered the savings of years in useless doctoring. he can't.
• My Belt is easy to use; put it on when you go Try my Belt. Write me to-day for my beauti-
• to bed; you feel the glowing heat from it (no fully illustrated book with cuts showing how my
• sting or. burn, as in old-style belts), and you feel Belt is applied, and lots of good reading for men
g the nerves tingle with the new life flowing into who want to be "The Noblest Work of God" -\
g them. You get up in the morning feeling like a MAN. Inclose this ad. and I will send this book
c two-year-old. sealed, free.
O r~>F?« /V\. C~^- JWr^l /\f H^ff-II IINI 9D6M»rcet8t«st, »boT«Kllii Never Sold by
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
V nl*Fm&?m I are used by the I
B' «TCl'-lrr UNITED STATES QOVEBS- 1
H PR- lalcPo'Jl^ OESSIAH GOVERNMENT U
I »JIVT«83$I!-e55>v TRENCH OOVEBNT4ENT B
I l^f«raIwik¥L»3§^ ' JAPANESE aOVEBNMENT EJ
I J^r£\W^T llB^X NEW ZEALAND GOVERN- BE
I iedfif*?!*?ffiE&' l^llfrlis NEW VoiTTH WALES GOV- ''H
I . ¦**^*^r -'"^^ **" . . I 2 to 300 H. P. More "Union".> - I *
I A 6 H P. "Union" Marine En&lne. I Engines are in use In launches
II This Engine has cut bronze 1 in this port than those of all \
W reversing gears, float feed va- I other makes comb ned. Send -- /
V| Jorizer. water Jacketed exhaust | for catalosues. stating require- [
I elbow, governor, speed con- 1 ments. I
./•In^i^n^lto 1^^^: V UNION GASENglNE CO. I
. * tillate. benzine, naphtha or gas- ||. , a47 T1 * st Street. J
£ oline - >^gri tL S. AN FHANCISCO, CAL.^HThe executive and the several sub
committees of the Knights Templar
organization, that is making arrange
ments for the reception of the Grand
Commandery of the United States and
visiting Knights and their families to
arrive in this city in September, are
actively at work arranging all the de
tails for the triennial conclave. >•"
Knights Templar Committee Arrang
ing Details for Reception of
Eastern Visitors.
WISH A GOOD STREET
FOR CONCLAVE WEEK
The man who negjf cts ' the primary
cannot make up for, it in the prayer
meeting • ~ - — , -^_
•VVIT^L. GIVE MILITARY DRAMA.— Tho
Dramatic Club of the Yountr Men's Hebrew
Association will present a production . of the
military drama, "Renaud of Fontenoy," on
fiunday evening, June 5. The play, will be
tlven under the direction ot K. C. Levy.
The appointment of Fire Commis
sioner Frank Maestretti as Commis
sioner of Works *o succeed T. .-P.
Woodward will be announced to-mor
row by. Mayor Schmitz. For Maes
tretti's place on the Fire Commission
the names of John Daughney and J.
Dineen are l.eing considered.
Promotion for Maestrettl.
Discuss Public Lighting.
The ofl^Ials of the San Francisco
Gas Company held a conference yes
terday, with the Supervisors* Finance
Committee relative to t.he appropria
tion for public lighting: during the next
fiscal year. The committee decided to
fix the appropriation at $300,000, the
same ns last year, but may add $20,000
more for some hundred lights needed
in certain districts.
The local tribes of the Improved Or
der of Red Men will be visited
officially in the early part of nex<f
month by Great Incohonee Thomas G.
Harrison of Indianapolis and Great
Chief of Records Wilson Brooks of
Illinois. The Great Incohonee was in
San Francisco five years ago and at
that time stated on taking his de
parture that there was one thing he
wanted to do before being called from
this sphere and that was to return to
California and in that way show his
appreciation of the hospitality then
shown him. It is in the fulfillment of.
that expressed desire that ne will visit
this "reservation of Red Men." He
will come by way of Los Angeles and
on the way to this city will visit as
many tribes as it is possible. On the
evening of June 10 he and his travel
ing companion will be present in Eir>
tracht Hall on Twelfth street, where
there will be a large class adoption,
on which occasion the adoption
degree will be conferred by the let
ter perfect team of Pocahontas Tribe,
under the chieftancy'of Great Sachem
J. Samuels. The indications are that
there will be 250 in the class.
During his stay in this city the
Great Incohonee and the great chief
of records will be guests of the Great-
Council of California and will have
rooms at the Hotel Granada. The
visitors are to be tendered a grand re
ception in Native Sons' Hall by the
local tribes and the councils of the De
gree of Pocahontas May 11, on which
occasion each of the visitors will give
the Red Men a long talk.
In connection with this matter Al
tahmos Tribe, which had prepared a
large class adoption, has decided, to
merge Its palefaces with those of the
other tribes at Eintracht Hall-In-or
der to make a larger class for that
occasion. This has been done in honor
of the Great Incohonee.
He Will Give a Long Talk to the
Tribes ami Councils of This City
: Next 'Month.
GREAT IXCOIIONEE WILLi
GREET MANY RED MEN
The executive committee, which has
set aside a large amount of money for
the purpose of illuminating Market
street, from the ferry to Ninth street,
will ask the . authorities to place the
main thoroughfare in complete repair
as far as Ninth street. As there will
be not less than 60,000 strangers in the
city during conclave week, it is the de
sire of Grand Commander Pierce that
the main street of the city shall be a
credit to it.
The grand nave at the ferry build
ing will be used as a general reception
room during the\early part of con
clave week and during the latter part
California Commandery No. 1 and
Golden Gate Commandery No. 16 will
vie with each other in entertaining the
strangers. The latter commandery
will tender a reception to the grand
master and representatives of the
Grand Encampment in the Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art, and in addi
tion will entertain In the Golden Gate
Asylum and in Native Sons' Hall. Cali
fornia Commandery will entertain on
an elaborate scale in the Mechanics'
Pavilion.
it will be converted into a ballroom
and in it will be given a ball In honor
of the Grand Encampment of the
United States.
INSOLVENT. SHOEMAKER.— James C.
Knust, a shoemaker, living- at Point Rich
mond, filed a petition In Insolvency yesterday
ir. the United States District Court. He owes
C304 and has no assets.
Dr. William Martin of San Francisco
has arrived in London and is at the
Hotel- Cecil. Dr. Martin has been on an
extended tour on the Continent for the
past seven" or eight months, visiting
Naples, Rome, Milan, Paris and other
notable cities.
G. W. Bramhall of San Francisco has
arrived in London from Paris and is at
the Savoy Hotel.
• • • .
• • •
Benjamin Baruch of San Francisco is
in London, making a stay at the Hotel
Cecil. .'••'•
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert E. Law, who
at present are touring the Continent,
left Paris on May 3 for an extended
trip through Italy and Switzerland.
That was a pretty affair, the nuptials
of charming-Miss Arnold of Berkeley
and young Charlie Elllnwood. A year is
a long time to wait— long' for Importu
nate lovers— and having been betrothed
for some months they threw the meas
ure of time to the winds and wedded,
without maids, without music, without
mammas. Their little romance was
somewhat slow reaching the world. It
was on Wednesday that Judge Daniels
performed the ceremony. Since then
the happy' couple have been stopping at
the Palace, and next week will depart
for the up-country ranch belonging to
Mr, 1 Ellinwood. The young bride is a
handsome girl and. is possessed of a
fine personality. And who ever ques
tioned young Ellinwood's good looks?
A handsome pair, asuredly.
Now, what do you suppose is the
cause' of this mighty effort? Why, the
noblest, best, most humane cause ever
promulgated by good men and women
— to supply funds wherewith to banish
the wicked mosquito forever from the
blessed burg— thrice blessed with (he
mosquitoes gone. Success, ladles!
San Rafael is looming up -mightily
as a social center. June 4 will be its
busy day, for on that day San Rafael
will hold a Wild West show; an in
fantile Wild West show, with baby
ponies and baby riders, besides a few
other people and things that are not in
the juvenile line.
The affair will be held at the Boone
place under the management of Mrs.
Vincent Neale, president of the San
Rafael Improvement Club, which, by
the way, is the projector of the af
fair. Mrs. William Babcock, Mrs.
George Boyd, Mrs. George T. Page
and Mrs. George Pinckard are prom
inent in the management. The fol
lowing ladies will hold forth at the
various tables: Mrs. John Buck, Mrs.
William Babcock, Mrs. du Bois, Miss
Litchtenberg, Mrs. James Cochrane
and Mrs.' Hoover.
• • •
The expected has happened. Miss
Gertrude Dutton has promised her
hand and her heart to Josiah R. How
ell, he -who has been a devoted swain
for a long time. LucKy maid and
lucky fellow! Clever, youns, good
looking and prosperous, there was am
ple reason for the flood of congratu
lations that traveled over the wire and
otherwise to the young people.
Miss Dutton is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. William J. Dutton and is a
debutante of last fall, since which
time she has fairly enjoyed the rose
ate joys of a first season. The groom
is a member of the real estate firm of
Baldwin & Howell and is well known
in IJie clubs, where he holds the rep
utation of being a clever raconteur.
The date of the wedding has not
been set, but it is prophesied by those
who know that it will not be long de
layed.
By Sally Sharp.
I MISS GERTRUDE DUTTON. THE
ANXOUN'CEMENT OF WHOSE EN
GAGEMENT HAS BEEN MADE.
Section 5. AH orders and ordinances
and parts of orders and ordinances con
flicting with the provisions of this or
dinance are hereby repealed.
Section 6. This ordinance shall take
effect and be in force from and after
its passage.
Provided, however, that if the Board
of Police Commissioners shall refuse
to grant any such permit, an appeal
may be taken from such ruling to the
Board of Supervisors and if- in the
Judgment of* the Board of Supervisors
the said license should be Issued, they
shall authorize the Tax Collector to
issue such license; and provided fur
ther, that- upon conviction of a- felony
or of a violation of any law pertaining
to the sale of liquor, any permit and
the license issued thereon shall be re
voked.
Section 4. Every firm," person or cor
poration violating any of -the provi
sions of this ordinance shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof shall be punished
by a fine not exceeding $500, or by im
prisonment not exceeding six months,
or by both such fine and Imprisonment.
Section 2. Every person, firm or cor
poration engaged in the business of
selling liquors to be drunk on the prem
ises, shall pay a license as follows:
First— Those making fiales to the
amount of $15,000 and over per quar
ter, shall pay a license of $11 per quar
ter.
Second — Those making sales of less
than $15,000 per quarter, shall pay a
license of $21 per quarter.
Section 3. The Board of Police Com
missioners shall investigate the appli
cations of all persons for licenses to
engage in the business of selling liquor
to be drunk on the premises and if the
applicant has been a resident of said
city and county for two years continu
ously preceding the date of such ap
plication, and has not been convicted
of a felony, or of a violation of any
law pertaining to the sale of liquor,
said Board of Police Commissioners
shall grant to such applicant a permit
to engage in said business and there
upon the Tax Collector shall be au
thorized to issue such license.
RIGHT OF APPEAL.
The ordinance to be introduced at to
morrow's meeting of the Board of Su
pervisors by Supervisor Hocks, provid
ing that an appeal may be taken to the
Board of Supervisors from the Police
i Commissioners, when the latter refuse
to grant a permit to sell liquors to any
reputable applicant, will also provide
for an increase in the liquor license.
The ordinance plans two rates of
licenses— one of $41 per quarter when
the sales are more than $16,000 per
quarter, and one of $21 per quarter
when the sales are less than $15,000 per
quarter. The ordinance follows:
Ordinance providing regulations and
restrictions for the sale of liquor. Be
it ordained by the people of the City
and County of San Francisco as fol
lows:
Section 1. The number of persons,
firms and corporations engaged in the
business of selling liquor to be drunk
on the premises, shall at no time ex
ceed the number so engaged in said
business on the 1st day of January,
1904.
SPECIFIES LICENSE.
"By wise charter provision it is not
required that the entire issue of bonds
should be sold at once. Only such a
number of bonds is required to be sold
as may be necessary to raise money
to carry forward the improvements as
they progress, and should the amount
authorized to be sold be in excess of
the requirements no more need be. sold.
This avoids the payment of interest on
bonds the sale of which is not Imme
diately required, and makes it possible
to entirely escape from liability for
such bonds as are not required to be
sold.
"After an existence of little more
than half a century the city of San
Francisco finds itself with 400,000 popu
lation. Without any bonded indebted
ness whatsoever and at that poUIt in
its municipal development where inter
nal municipal improvement is essential
to its continued growth and prosperity.
Successful as it has been in an attempt
to keep abreast of its growth, it is nev
ertheless a fact that it is to-day with
out adequate schoolhouses for the edu
caption of its youth, and with those in
use in a dilapidated and unsanitary
condition, entirely without a modern
hospital for the care of Its sick, and the
health of its inhabitants is constantly
menaced by an imperfect and illy con
ceived sewer system. Its public parks
have been found unequal to the rapid
increase in population, and if it is ever
going to increase its facilities for pop
ular recreation such increase must be
attempted at a time when realty values
admit of the acquisition of land for
such purposes without an unreasonable
public expenditure . therefor. In short,
in the issue of this case depends the
question whether San Francisco, the
metropolis of the West, shall throw
off the cRaracteristics and "Ihe incon
veniences of a fourth-class city and
take her position as her future and
population warrant as a modern me
tropolis of the first class. It is not too
much to expect that something more
than technical objections to the pro
gressive step about to be taken will be
required to arrest her progress."
On motion of City Attorney Long the
Supreme Court yesterday agreed to
take up In the first week in June the
case of Herbert K. Law against the city
and county of San Francisco to deter
mine the legality of the bond issue for
municipal improvements voted upon at
a recent election. The date for the
hearing will be set to-morrow. The
brief on argument for the respondents
was filed by City Attorney Long and
Assistant City Attorney Brobeck, and
concludes:
Supreme Court to Take Up
Validity of Issue During
the First Week in June
Hocks' Ordinance Giving
Eight of Appeal From Po
lice Board Changes Rate
LIQUOR LICENSE
MAY BE RAISED
WILL CONSIDER
THE BOND CASE
MISS DUTTON, A PRETTY DEBUTANTE,
IS TO WED JOS IAH R. HOWELL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY.- MAY 22; • 1904.
38
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MISS MABMABA HUSKY, nOBESCB BUSSJEIX, >
C030 Forrestvillo Avo., CHICAGO. Ag« O years, 3 *^
Miss Henry says: . "Before I bcjrantJsineDandftrino 21S Mohawk Street, CHICAGO. ,
my hair was falUnr out in creat handsful, and I am Since it has become generally known *»»»» SBl.aiA UASSU.L,
pleased to say that Dandertno not only stopped it at that Dandcrtne causes hair to grow lust "7"S >furth 41J Court, CHICAGO*
once, but has made my hair grow, more than twice as abundantly on the heads of children as
as Ion? as it over waa," . It dooa on those of matured persons chut Miss Haas^I «ir«« "\!v hair would not
Hrs. Eloiso Atherton. Little Rock. Ark., says: M tt truly marvelous cases are comln* to our n^h >Ji^f«» i" ? hL r Wan u^a*
ts surely remarkable the way Danderine improves notice. Little Miss Ilussoil wh O a«D° °u- re * ch * )cl o w m 7 w^ ea , 1 ,^ t^vu!
the hair. It h.-.s made my hair etow ten inches lone- rraph appears aboveUs eertalnlv ona of Toor Daaieriae. Iiw3salsofadedandap.it-
er in five months and it is setting thicker and longer the remarkable ones. Her bca-itiftii hair Un C at tho eaU 2Iow tt i» over SH *ce»
all tho time. I beliovo in irivinff praise where It ia la orer thirty inches lon« ami h«r moth«F lonser than It ever waa and it has regained
due. and you can use my namo as reference if you 8 *?£X h 1 at I " I ?A NI)1E RIlJlJ CHEW EVERY Ita ortetnal rtel» blon.l color. I used Uia tonic
60 1*!; «——«.- i x «. u • u'"*'i ut . , v about four noaths all toffethcr.-
DANDER1NE ia to the hair what fresh showers of rain and sunshine aro to vegetation. It goes right to tho
'roots,' invigorates and strengthens them. Its exhilarating, fertilizing and Hfe-producinff properties cause tho hair to
grow abundantly long,6trongand beautiful IT IS THE NATURAL FOOD Or THE HAIR SClEKTiFICALLV
CHARGED W.TH NEW AND GENUINE LIFEPROOUCINQ ESSENCES^ U H 4E A QD -OF ' B¥ t 07K E H
MAKERS OF HAIR TONIC. TO Wat all drug^ta in threo eiiel, 23 cS^fo cenS Sd l$1.CO^>er SoUlI
... FOR SALE AND PFniMPTAlW C />^v ««*¦ '-
guaranteed by .KDUiiNUiON & CO., Wholesale Agents.
i\ A BEAUTIFUL
I WOSVIAN
• i
The three requisites of facial beauty art'
rounded featcrei. absence oi wrinkle* and a'
fine oomplexlon, and ahe la a vise woman,
bleesed with these favors, who will atrlvo
br er«ry Qe&oi to preserve, or. If lost- re-
store them.
| Dr. Charles' Flesh Food, the greatest of.
tx-sutlfiers to-day, it the result of years of
etudy and erpexknee by Dr. * Charier, a;
phyeiolan of hlg».- otandJnj in his profession,'
and his preparation Is the only one In tho
world recognized and Indorsed by the medi-
cal fraternity. It is positively the oply
preparation known to science which with-
out the ubs of medicines and tonics will
round out lh« hollowed, thin cheek or,
(scrawny neck with firm, healthy flesh. For
removing wrinkles Jrom the face, neck and
hands It acts like magic — one application
often showing: a decided improvement, es-
pecially when the furrow is deep. : : "
| For developing the bust or to make the,
breast flrra. larce and beautiful, nothing
,can «qcal It To prevent the breast from
phrlr.klngr. mothers should always use Dr.
Charles FIe*h Food after weanin* baby. It
wUl also restore a bosom to Its natural con-
tour and be«uty lost through this cause.
I We earnestly warn ladies to avoid sub-,
¦tltutes of Dr. Charles Flesh Food. See!
that the name and portrait of Dr. Charles'
U on the box before purchasing. We also
warn ladles not to use any other cream oni
ihe face, as Dr. Charles' Flesh Food Is rtiar-i
anteed not to promote the growth of.Jiair.!
j Oa sale at all the principal Department
Stores and Druggists.
SPECIAL OFFER-*"" «f -
s— "- —¦— «•——-— •*- lar price'
of Dt Charles Flesh Food Is $1.00 a box, but |
jto introduce It Into thousands of new homes I
It* proprietors have decided to send two (2) i
boxes to all who answer this advertisement'
knd send them 51.00. All packages are sent '
In plain wrapper, postage prepaid.
'FREE A 8am P u »ox— juit enough to.
l Hi convince you' of the great
aierlt of Dr. Charles Flesh Food— will trt
free for 10 cent*, which pays for coslj
of mailing. Ws will also send you our) ' '
Illustrated book. "Art of Msssage." which;!;
contains all the proper movements for mas- ,
«aging the face, neck and arms, and tnlif
directions for developing tb« bust Address '
PR. CHARLES CO.. 1C8 Fritoa S!,. Mew Yog'; !
SUPERFLUOUS KA1R
And. all other facial blemishes are removed by
J? 1 ""* i? r - A '.. W - TRA VERSE, nee LOIS GRAY
Donohoe butldin*. u;o Market St., cor. Taylor i
rooms 28-^9. with the electric needle; perm-
anency guaranteed; hours X to 4 p. m.
\ '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Complete External
and Internal
Treatment
Consisting of warm baths with
to cleanse the skin of
crusts and scales, and
soften the thickened cuti-
cle; CUTICURA Oint-
ment to instantly allay
itching, irritation, and
inflammation and soothe
and heal; and CUTI-
: CURA Pills to cool and
cleanse the blood.
A SINGLE SET, costing
. but ONE DOLLAR, is often
sufficient to cure the most tor-
turingv disfiguring skin, scalp,
and blood humors, eczemas,
rashes, itchings, and irritations,
with loss of hair, from infancy
to age, when all else fails.
Sold throofhout th» world. Cutictirm Soap, ttt, Olnt-
Tn»::', Jfc, hwn'.vtr.t, SOc. (inform ef Ch<yco".»s« Co»te4
- PliU. i.K\ fwr »U.; ot 00 1. Utpon: London, IT Chtnrr-
Botuc ¦%.( »'iri«. 6 Rut d> U Itix-, Bottom, IS Co'.um-
biu A»«. Potter DnigfcChcm. Corp., Sole Proprietor!.
»t~ Srad for •• How to Cere Tortarinfc Uliifurtoj
II union from lcliacj to A ft."
OCEAN TBAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piers 9 and 11.
S5an Fraacisco.
Tor K« uh'.kan. Wrancel.
Juneau. Ilainrs. Pkagway,
ftc. Alaska— 11 a. m.. liar
5. 10. 15. 20. 25, 30 June 4.
Charge to Companjra steam-
ers' at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Bel-
• • J:ng!:am— 11 a. m.. May 6. 10 15. 20. 25 30.
June 4. Chanse at BeatUe to this Company's
etesmers Icr Alaska and G. X. By.; at Seattle
or Tact/ma to N. P. R}"., at Vancouver ?<>
C P. By.
For Eureka, rtlumboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. ni.. May 4. 10. 1C, 22 28; Spokane. 1:30
• p. m.. May 1. 7. 13 p3; Corona. May 25. 31.
For Los Angelas (via Pert Los Angeles and
. Redocdo). San Diego and Santa. Barbara —
Esnta lioea. Sunday*. 0 a. m.
Ftate of California. Thursdays. 9 a. rn.
Tjfr Lo« Angeles <\-la San Pedro and Ea*t
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mont-
terey. San Simeon. Cayuccs. Port Harford (San
Louis ObUpo). Ventura and Hueneme,
Bcnita. 8 a. m.. May 7. 15. 23. 31. June 8.
Fanta Cruz. » a. m. 'freirht only). May 19 27
For En.«enada, Uagdalena Bay. £an Jose del
Cabo. Mazatian, Altata. La Pax, Santa. Ro-
salia. Cuaymai fMex.). 10 a. rn., 7th of each
" month. For further information cbtain folder.
. liipht is reserved to change steamers or sailinc
; dates.
TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery it Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Offlce, 10 Market st
C. D. DT'NANX. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market st.. San Frahclsco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Butter rt. will
calf for and check bagiraBe from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
-AND~
P~T. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. ST. RAUL
CAPTAIN C E. LJNDQUIST.
- (Carrytor U. S. Mails.)
rncsi * an- frakcisco mitrecr. ,
JU1NE 2, 2. F». m. .
• -Correcting with the Company's Steamers for !
All BERING SEA POINTS, and at St. ,
Michael with llie Company's Hirer Steamer*
for Fairbanks- snd sll points on KOTUKUK. '
. TANA V A nr.<3 YUKON RIVERS. ¦ :,i
. . Fr>r Fr*-1e*i» art* T*s««a!re An-Ir f« ' j
ZrOSTBXBZT COSCSIERCIAX. CO.. , ,
t:3 Cro*sJ»-y bulldins. Cor. Mission and New (
llci't rcn, cry sts., San Francisco. ¦'
o. /?. & n. co. ;!
COLTJMntA sa!!» May IS, 27. June «. 1«. and '
16. GEO. W. ELDEH sails May 22. June L !
11 and 21. Ocly steamship line to PORTLAND, :
OR.. a:d short rail line from Portland to all \
point* East. Throuch tickets to all point*, i
eteanie«- tickets Include berth and meals, i
Bteamer sails foot cf Spear st. at 11. a m. I
«. F. BOOTH, On. Art. Paes. Dept. 1 Mont- i
comery ft- : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Acent Freight .
Dept. 3 Montgomery et
oceafiics.s.ce. i«^ : » }.
8. 6. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auek- '*
land arid Sydney. Thun., May 2C 2 p. m. L
8. S. MAIIIPOSA. for Tahiti. May 29, U a. in. I
8. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. June 4. 11 am. •
LD.SPEECKELS i BE01 Cfl.-,i2Js.,Ticttt 02C2 643 Iir- 5
ttl. Jttgtl O22C8 323 Jtif flt 8L. fig7.fi:ii; i: {
tCXPiGKIE 8EITZSi.LC TBAKSATtASTIOJl »
CiUECTUJCE TO HAVIUi-PAIUfi. I
fc4.ilicg ewsry Thursday Instead ot A.tvf. \\
tfcturday, « 10 a. m., Irom Pier 43, ¦.¦'!*'?' ' I
Ncrth River, foot of Morton st. p
Mret class to Havre. $70 and upward. Seo. 2
end ciars to Havre, Hi and upward. GEN- k
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA.' 32 Broadway (Hudson building*
New Tcrk. J. F. FUGAZ1 & CO.. Pacific Coat:
Aftr.'.E. S Mostcoinery avenue. San Francisco
Tickets sold by all Baflrnad Ticket Agents.
To V. S. 3r*77 Yard^ad^ Vallejo.
£TRS. GEN 7RIEBIE. MONTICELLO~7iiid i
Ai:li< AV— «j:40 A. M..12^O noon. 3:15 P. M..
u.'aj }'. M.. £:30 P. M. (er.Ear.daj), Sunda>-s. |
»:45 A. M.. *:'M P. M. Leave Vallejo. 7:O0
A- M-. 0:00 A. M.. 12:30 NOON. 3:15 P. M.. -
6:09 P. M. (ex. Sunday), Sundays, 7:00 A. M.. I
4:?.'i K.M. Fete nr.c way, 50c. - Landlnp and j '¦
offlce. Pier 2. foot Mission kt . Phone Mala «
VOL HATCH BROS. «
Mall Orders received T\ C^ tW m If you live
from out-of-town W\ Yf out-of-town and want
.nd.«ur.u ly I Keani y aid sutler Sts.'OC^g^^, | M °"""
Store Opens 8:30 fl. M., Closes 5:30 P. EH.
A Sale ¦ of Black Laces
At One-Half Regular Prices
(First Floor Kearny St.)
This is the most interesting offering of Laces that we have announced this season. It com-
prises .thousands of yards of Fine Imported Black French Chantilly Lace in handsome Festoon,
Medallion and Galloon effects, ranging from i to 9 inches wide — Laces suitable for millinery,
dresses, wraps, neckwear, etc. t on sale beginning to-morrow at One-Haif Regular Prices.
Laces, sold regularly at 10c yard, reduced to 5c Laces, sold regularly at 50c yard, reduced to 25c
Laces, sold regularly at 20c yard, reduced to 1 0c ; Laces, sold regularly at 80c yard, reduced to 40c
« Laces, sold regularly at 30c yard, reduced to 1 5c Laces, sold regularly at J1.00 yard, reduced to SOc
Laces, sold regularly at 40c .yard, reduced to 20c Laces, sold regularly at I2.00 yard, reduced to 51 .00
Ladies' Washable Outing Skirts
(Third Floor Kearny St.)
Three excellent values for to-morrow, selected from our immense stock — Skirts made strictly
up-to-date from newest wash materials^-just the thing for summer wear — and prices are low.
OUTING SKIRTS of White Duck, • TRAMPING SKIRTS of Covert DRESS SKIRTS of fine quality
In neat polka dot designs, bottom Cloth, in tan, gray or blue, open In White Pique with black or blue polka
trimmed with cluster tucks — real front, stylish flare bottom— perfect dots; prettily trimmed with embrold-
value J2.?5, reduced for this sale to fitting and excellent value at ery; sold originally at|3.soeach, now
$1.75 $2.00 $2.50
Sale of Silk Petticoats
(Third Floor Kcarny St.)
A special purchase of Silk Petticoats goes on sale to-morrow. They are made of excellent
quality Black Silk Taffeta, with accordion plaited flounce, trimmed wfth tucked ruffle— finished
with mercerized dust ruffle. When you see them you'll wonder how they could be made c / or
for the price — your choice Monday $H.2.0
Handsome Velour Table Covers
, At Extremely Reduced Prices
(Second Floor Su'tter St.)
We offer to-morrow a beautiful assortment of Imported Velour Table Covers at prices positively
lower than we have ever known for such fine goods. Some have plain centers with floral borders
others are in handsome allover Oriental designs— all in the most desirable colors.
Table Covers, 1 KxiK yards, formerly $5-75, now $3.75 I Table Covers, 2x2 yards, formerly $10.00, now $7.50
Table Covers, i#xi# yards, formerly $7.50, now $5.75 | Table Covers, 2x2^ yards! formerl? $12.50, now $1 0.00
Correct Styles in Gloves For Ladies
Attractively Priced For To-morrow
(First Floor Kearny St.)
A ll U \ °m to. 0 " 5 *"* P airs <>f two-clasp Silk Gloves,, Silk Mesh Gloves, with two clasps- very stylish and
with double t.pped fingers (a guarantee t.cket in every durable, with lisle palms and daintily embroidered
pair) in black, white, gray, tan, mode and pongee, - ft backs. Colors black, white, gray, mode and 111 °
special per pair 50C beaver-splendid value at. . . I ... ... .... . . $1.00
Sale of Cushion Covers and Slips
(Second Floor Kearny St.)
Oriental Striped Tapestry Cushion Slips, made ready California Poppy Cushion Tops with back, size 2-X-2
to slip over cushion, finished with tassels on each cor- tinted on light and dark tan Art Ticking, ready for
ner-these are exceptional value and won't last -- etching. They are the regular 50c kind, on sale i '
long at the price ZOC Monday at. 25C
Fine Values in Bathing Suits
(Third Floor Kearny St.) ,
All the newest and most attractive styles are here for Ladies, GentsXGirls and Boys— and iust
see how reasonably you can buy good, durable Bathing Suits to-morrow :\ '
Ladies' Fine Alpaca Bathing Suits, In black, red or Misses' Bathing Suits of Cotton Jersey Cloth, in naw
navy blue, with sailor collar and entire suit 0 - blue, trimmed with white braid -no better J/«7 '
neatly trimmed with braid; special at, per suit t>^.ZD value ever offered at, per suit $ 1 .50
Gents' two-part Cotton Bathing Suits, in navy o - Boys' one-piece Cotton Bathing Suits,' in" black '
blue or black, with neat stripes; splendid value^ 1 .ZO O r navy blue - excellent value; per suit ; 50C
ADVERTISEMENTS.
XEWMAN* & IJ2VINSON.Ralph McFadden, a Stanford Tackle,
Administers a Severe Beating to
Men who Assaulted Stranger, i
MENLO PARK. May 21.— When five
roughs attacked an unoffending stran
ger on the county road Friday night
they thought they had everything their
own way. " Th<jy failed to reckon on the
presence of a Stanford* varsity tackle
and when accounts were settled the
football player was uninjured, save for
a slight - scratch on his cheek, while
the others were put completely out of
business. I
A. S. Pomeroy, the stranger attack
ed, claims that he was peaceably
drinking at the "Bungalow" bar, when
the rowdies picked a fight with him.
He was badly bea'ten and, staggering
out into the road, he called for help.
Ralph McFadden. '04, with a friend,
was returning from a call at Fair
Oaks, and they threw themselves into
the fray. When lights were brought
the roughs were all more or less stun
ned, and two had broken noses. ;
McFadden made the varsity football
team in 1900, his freshman year. He
was the star in '01 and '02, and only
his absence from the university last
fall prevented his showing up in even
better shape in this year's game.
UNIVERSITY ATHLETES
KNOCK OUT FIVE ROUGHS
The first Tahoe excursion of the season will
leave Sun Francisco Saturday. May 28, at 8:08
p. m. Tickets will be good to return on any
regular train. Overland Limited excepted, ar
riving at San Francisco on or before June 3,
Round-trip rate, exclusive of sleeper accom
modations. $s 50. Tickets sold In Oakland and
San Francisco. Ask Southern Pacific agents.*
Excursion to I^ake Tahoe.
©
9
9
! SANTA CRUZ, Hay 21. — This was
college day at the Capitola Students*
Conference and all the trains carried
into the resort scores of students. The
field day exercises were held at Glen
Beulah and shortly after two groups
of bright co-eds wended their way
toward the grounds. The blue and
gold of Berkeley and the cardinal of
Stanford predominated.
The first feature was a game of bas
ket ball between the northern and
southern institutions. Dr. S. S. Sal
isbury of Los Angeles, president of
the State Homeopathic Medical So
ciety, and Dr. Mary A. Rltter and Dr.
Susan Fenton of Berkeley, Mrs. Dr.
Eddy of New York City, Mrs. Addi
son, wife of Professor Addison of the
State University, and Mrs. C. Brad
ley, wife of Professor Bradley of the
same institution, formed a hospital
corps, all bearing around the arm the
band of white with the red cross. The
rooters were divided Into the reds and
the yellows and assembled at each end
of the tennis court.
The game was well played. The
northern players were the red and the
southern the yellow. At the end of
the second half the score was a tie,
7 to 7. The line-up was as follows:
Reds — Goals, Anna Laird, San Jose
State Normal; Lucy Brannln, Univer
sity of Nevada; center. Miss Humph
ery, University of Nevada; guards,
Olive Kelso and Winnie Giffin of Po
mona College.
Yellows — Goals, Miss Haywards and
Helen Salisbury of Stanford Univer
sity; centers, Mae Tripp and Miss
Garston of Stanford University;
guards, Olive Wise and Gertrude
Holmes, Mills College. Umpire — Clara
Tibbetts,. Whittier College. Time keep
er — Gussle Randall, Willamette. Line
man — Helen Chandler.
After the result of the game was,
announced there were college yells
and high jinks. Then appeared the
baseball nines in a contest between
the conference leaders and State sec
retaries. The game afforded great
amusement, the reds, the conference
leaders, winning over the yellows by
a score of 14 to 9. During the prog
ress of the game p. farce was enacted.
One of the players fell to the ground
and was carried off the field on the
stretcher. Her arm was dressed by t the
hospital corps. The line-up of the
baseball nines follows: f
Reds — Conference Leader Ruth
Paxton of New York, of the American
College, captain and catcher; Agnes
Elliott, Los Angeles, pitcher; Miss
Bertha Conde of Chicago, American
College, first base; Miss Gertrude
Barker of Berkeley, a returned mis
sionary from India, second base; Miss
Shields of Los Angeles, third base;
Miss Cloe Anderson, Stanford Univer
sity, shortstop; Miss Elizabeth Cole,
State secretary of Illinois, right field;
Miss Thersa Wilbur, Stanford Univer
sity, left field; Miss Anna Mills, Stan
ford University, center field.
Yellows — Young Women's Christian
Association Secretary Miss Clara
Berryman of the city association, Los
Angeles, catcher; Mrs. Cooley, Los An
geles, pitcher; Mrs. Henderson, Los
Angeles, first base; Miss Brown, U.ni
versity of California, second base; Miss
Mary Bently, University of California,
third base; Miss Edith Parsons, State
Normal School, San Jose, shortstop;
Miss Florence Hammond, Stanford
University, right field; Miss Moyer,
Sacramento, left field.
Miss Edith Hatfleld of Berkeley was
in charge of the field day.
At 10 o'clock the State conference
of California and Nevada was called to
order. # Mrs. Matthus of Log Angeles
was elected chairman; Miss Olive
Wise, University of Nevada, secretary,
and Miss Edith Parsons of the State
Normal School at San Jose, assistant
secretary. , i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 21.—The last hour
| of the week's trading In stocks was
; the most animated and the strongest
of the whole week. The day's mod
erate gains were sufficient to decide
j the average for the week's movement
! on thfi side of gains. The bank state
; ment proved^ an agreeable surprise and
i impelled a lively buying movement,
i which lifted prices smartly. The move
! ment waa sudden, and had not spread
! far in the list when the close of the
! session put an end to It. The closing
; was strong and near the top level. The
I rather spasmodic movement In one or
two stocks indicated some" distress on
the part of surprised shorts. An Inkling
of the heavy reduction in the loan item
got abroad before the publication of
the bank statement and started the
buying movement. The loan reduction
is pretty clearly due to the resort of
the exchange market to the selling of
long bills, the proceeds of which have
been lengthened, presumably displac
ing loans with the banks. The process
involves borrowing In London to meet
¦ the sterling bills when they mature
! there. It is evident, therefore, that the
export of gold is no longer profitable
as a simple exchange operation, and
the early termination of the out
ward movement of gold la be
lieved to be thus foreshadowed. The
limitation of the cash decrease
of the banks to $7,085,300 in the
week, of the record exports of $15,500,000
' in gold, is convincing evidence of the
effective off-setting factors to the drain
which is in operation, and the net re
sult is to leave the surplus reserve of
the banks unimpaired.
Total sales of bonds, $980,000.
The listless drift of prices of. stocks
, is the Index of the formless state of
speculative sentiment over the outloojc
for values. The outflow of gold may
be accounted for by special causes,
| primarily the Panama canal payment
! and the American subscriptions to the
Japanese and Russian loans. It is now
freely conceded that the proceeds of
the subscriptions are to be remitted in
? full to London. These three items
would call for about $80,000,000 In the
exchange market. It seems probable
that the net results of the gold export
movement will prove small. It is point
ed out that the large reduction in Gov
ernment deposits with banks has re
leased a corresponding amount of Gov
ernment bonds which" were used to se
cure tho deposits and has caused a fall
in the market price:
Railroad traflic officials are generally
agreed that the outlook for a revival
of traffic is not bright before the fall,
and reports have been received of ex
tensive plans of retrenchment by the
railroads to offset the losses in gross
earnings. Reports of railroad earnings
as they come to hand fully bear out
the opinion expressed of the declining
tendency of earnings, and the effect
has been depressing on railroad stocks.
Advices from the iron and steel trade
agree in anticipating a quiet season
in the trade. The crop news of, the
week has failed to afford any support
for stocks. (
The bond market was almost equally
dull and sluggish with stocks.
United States 2s, 3s and the old 4s
have declined Vi per cent on call dur
ing the week.
Meeting of Eepresentatives
From California and Ne
vada Institutions Is Called
Xast Hour of Week's Trading
| Gives Evidence That the
Shorts Are in Distress
3I0VEMENT IS SUDDEN
DELEGATES IN SESSION
Bank Statement Proves an
Agreeable Surprise and Im
pels' Advance in Prices
Have Exhilarating Sport
at the Scene of the Confer
ence at Camp Capitola
STOCK MARKET
SHOWS A GAIN
FAIR STUDENTS
PLAY BASEBALL
- ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 22, 1904.
39
CALIFORNIA
jSSk TO-NIGHT: C3S.
§f OPENING of the Annual Eunaracr^ft
fi Stock Season. II
H Return of the Favorites, |1
M THB NHW I]
I NEILL-MOROSCO COMPANY I
if Greatest Stock Organization In §!
Lj Existence. ||
M Presentinr the Delishtful Comedy. lj
I WHEN WE WERE TWtNTY-ONE |
M Special Summer Prices ' — Orchestra I
fg Seats, 75c: a few front rows, |1: choice I
H Balcony Seats, 50c; Bargain Matinees m
H Thursdays, 25c and 50c. B
GRANDS
S3Shm» MATINEE TO-DAY.
MELBOURNE
MacDOWELL
In Pardon's Intense Drama
FEDORA
MATINEE SATURDAY.
POPULAR PRICES— 15c. 25c. 50c, 7Se.
AT /IA7A TJ^I* 8 ** * Mayer.
General Manartr.
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT.
If he Ro C ma£e y . COLINETTB
A DELIGHTFUL PERFORMANCE!
Evg\. 25c to 75c; Mats. Thur. & Sat., 25c to 50o.
TO-MORROW NIGHT — ONE WEEK.
Sydney Rosenf«M'a Whirlwind Comedy of
Merry Matrimonial Mishaps.
1 A POSSIBLE CASE]
&3 '
May 30 — Extra Mat. Memorial Day,
TOLLGATE INN.
In Preparation— LOVER8' LANE.
Next Month— WHITE WHITTLESBT.
Market Street, Near Eighth... Phone South 533
MATINEE TO-DAY— TCsjNIGHT LAST TIME.
,The Beautiful Comedy Drama,
DOWN BY_THE SEA
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
Gorgeous Production of Owen Davis'
Masterpiece.
A GREAT TEMPTATION
First Appearance at This Theater -of the San
Francisco Favorite,
JULIA BLANC
The Most Brilliant Attraction of the Year.
DOITCC Evenings.' .....10c to 50o
rfUVEj Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
SAN FRANCISCO ;«j j» ,
BY AUTOMOBILE
MOBILE CASBIAOE CO.
GOLDEN GATE AVE. and GOUGH ST.
Phone Private exchange 770.
Downtown office* — Court Palace Hotel; Lobby
1 St. Francis Hotel; Lobby of Occidental Hotel.
CALIFORMI^
LIMITED TO rmc AGO
LEAVES DAILY
»t 0:30 a. m^ throngrh la 3 days,
with diner and all trapping-*.
Other Santa 7s Trains*
1:VS J* S"l tor Stockton. Fresno, BaJterafleld,
6:00 p! m.J Merced. Hanlord and VUalla.
i :00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
ticzet OPriCES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. 7. Also 1112 Broad.
way. Oakland. CaL 27 Souta ririt St.
San Jose.
CALIFOfiNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
KAIL WAY COMPANY.
Tlbnrcn Ferry, root d Market Street.
SA2T 7SAZTCISCO TO SAW SATAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 8:OW. 1t:W, 11:W> a. m. ;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 3:60. 6:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
eUNDATS— 7:30. 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: l:S0,
2:30. 3:40. 6:10, 6:30. 11:30 d. nt
SAN KAFAEL TO SAST r3AITCISCO.
WEKK JJAYS — 6:03. «:60. 7:a6. 7:So. a-2U.
11:15 a. in.: 12:50, t2:00. 3:40. 5:0o. 5:«X'.
6:25 p. za. Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45
EUNDATS— «:5O. 7:33. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:41
3:40. 4:50. S:00, 5:20. 6:25, 7:50 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
LeaTe I In Effect I Arrtre
San Fran. I May 1. 1904. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Dcstlna- I Sun- I Werk
Pays. I daya. I Uon. ( days, f Daya.
7:3Oa 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:O0a 8:40a 8:4Oa
8:00 a 9:30 a Icnada 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:Wp 2:30 p 6:00 p «:20p
S:1UP 8:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Kovato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:3Oa Fetaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:23 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsbur*. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lyucn.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyfervllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p I
Cloverdale. |
7:30 al 7:30 at Hcpland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| aad Uklah. ( 7:25 pf 7:23 p
( ~t Wllllta. ( j I
7:S0a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 p( 7:25 p. I
8:00 al 8:00 al GuerneviU* and 110:20 a|10:20 a I
2:30 pf 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 pj 6:20 p '
8.00 al 8:00a 8:40 a* 8:49 a
5:10 p l»:30 a Sonoma, 6:00 pT 8:20 D
8:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 pj |
7:S0a|7:30al 110:20 a'10:20 a 1
2:30p|2:3Op| Sebattopol. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p 1
ETAGES connect at Fanta Rosa for White '
Sulphur Spru>e»: at Fulton for Altrurla and
Mark West Sprlnsi; at Lytton for Lytton
Spring*: at GoyeervlUe for 6kagR« Springs; at •
Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boonevllle and
Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan Sprints 1
Hleblatd Springs, KelaeyvlUe. Carlihad
Eprings. Boda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
f prlng*: *t Uklah for Vichy Spring.. Saratoca ¦
Eprings Blue Lakea. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
epringa. UPPej" L»«"e. Pomo. Potter Valle/.
John Day's. Blveralde. Licrley'a Buknell'V
gaihedrtn HelshU. Hullvllle. Orr-, h«
fcprlngr*. Halfway House. Comptche. Canjo
BteVsna. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brae/
Westport Usal; at Wllllta lor Fort Brair"
Westport.' Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo. Layton-
vllle. CumJilns. Bell's Springs, Harris, oi-
»ene Dyer, Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia,
and 'Eureka. " " ».5 S |
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at r»- '
tfuced lates. ¦ , ¦!
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets t» all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
bulMlrs- I
H. C WHITRCO. R. X. RTAN. ;
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art. I
fjigppll^ TOSANRAFAEL
?fc?I®jF^P'Sff ROSS VAT TFY
RJILL VALLEY,
l^g^^g^ CAZADERO, Etc.
\kB&5£t&^'*&* Via Sansallto Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
iJcpau- Jr. in >*u l-'nint-ibcf. u»-tk days, at!
C:30 7:10. 7:45, S:SO. 9:15. 10:00, 11:00 a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Saus&lito only), 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. j
4:0». 4:U5, 5:15. 5:50. 6:2o, 7:15. 9:00. 10:20,
1 1 JO p. ni. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7:15. 8:30. 9:15, 10:00. 11:00, 11:40 1
a. n.. 12:20, 1:00, 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00, 4:35
6:15. &:60. C:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11:35
p. m.
„ Arrive at San Francisco, wt-ek days, C:17,
7:00. 7:35. 8:15. 8:45, 9:35, 10:20, 11:05 a, m.,
12:05, 1:25. 2:50, 3:35. 4:20. 6:05. 8:40, 6:15,
ti.JiS 7:55. 10:05, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays end
\c£s\ bolidayj extra trains arrive at 12:45, 2:05,
fc;5'i p. ni.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7 :45 a. m..
3:15 p. m., 5:15 p. tn. (ex. Sat.) On fiundaya
and legal holidays, at 7:45. 8:30 9:15. 10:00 i
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30, 7:16
and 8:15 P. 01.
• THROUGH TRAIN3.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
9:15 a. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc.
3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday — For Caza- |
dero, etc.
5:15 p. m- dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes.' eto.
7:15 p. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
etc.
S:15 p. t». Sunday* only— For Cazadero etc :
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market et. "
F.ERKY— Union Depot, loot of Market sC
An Important Event. Grand Re-Opening
SUNDAY NIGHT. May 29.
Safest Theater West of New York.
An Entire New Burlesque Company.
Every Artist a "HEADLINER."
CAKOL1NE HULU EDNA AUG. OATtRITT
SISTERS.
TORKE & ADAMS, ALi FIELDS. EDWIN A.
CL-ARKE. BEN T. DILLON. ROY ALTON.
A "Star" Chorus of forty voices.
First Production here of the
RIPROARING 'BURLESQUE.
by Mr. Judson Brusle, entitled
"U. S."
With one thousand laughs and a world of new
sones, specialties, novelties.
See the "Radium Girls." the Twentieth
Century Sensation, Imported at a cost of one
thousand dollars per week.
Sale of seats besrins on
WEDNESDAY MORNING, May 25, a t 9
o'clock.
Orders by mall will be filled in rotation.
RESERVED SEATS — Nights. 25c. 50c and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
COc. Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
T1Y/AI I OPERA
J.lVvLl HOUSE.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
TO-NIGHT— NEXT WELK ONLY
Tha Sparkling Musical Comedy,
Pretty Music
A Delightful Singers
RUNAWAY I
Clever I GIRL
Comedian' I I
HANDSOME GIRL CHORUS.
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY AND COSTUMES.
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 23c. 50c. 75c.
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense of
$2K0 000— New Management— ENTIRELY FIRE-
PROOF.
LOCATION— Very accessible to street car
lines theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS . with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private I rooms In antique decorations.
Turkish Batlm In Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. De Stei-
eer. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions In every room: long distance • connections
made with any part of -the Coast. ,
Wire for reservations, at our expense. '
• HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. - Wash.
Palarp D0NT FA| L™
I aiatV 8ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/.flU* room, the EMPIRE
ailu parlor, the
f — ~A PALM ROOM, the
Slftind LOUIS XV PAR-
\ii uhu LQRt and th(j LA
p A i A |- DIES' WRITING
Hotels room. I
Weekly Call $1 per Year
•T»- Ill— ¦' II—^¦¦I^M^— , — i ,%
FLOWERS, FREEDO3I AND
FRESH AIR are features of Su-
burban Homes. ;
Some pretty places at a bar-
gain in our Berkeley, Oakland
and Alaineda REALTY columns.
• RAITAVAY TRA\ r ELu
" /A) < -r^ l >> >^\ to arrive at
(i?C^^^Zj SA^ FRANCISCO.
VI^7jg3L j(,J Txox Mat St 1904.
N^I^^Mf >/ Fxxxt Dzror
Xs^ *^^ (Toot of Market Street )
mat. - MAIN LINE. -iKiw
7 CO * V»c«T!:ie. Winter*. Rumtejr.... 7-60P
7 XSC a Benlcla, Suitcn. Klmlrm and Sacra-
_ M niento 7-20P
7^0a V«.Ilf jo. N'»t>v C»!litop«. Santa
Rosa. Maftlbez, S»n Ramon 6.20P
7-50* Nile*. Llrermore, Trmcj. Lathrop.
bto«k:on 7-20F
«W» Sbanta Ezpreu — (Via Darli).
wr.l'.ami (for Bartlett Springs),
tFruto. Ued Bluff.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7-50P
t-CC* DaTU.TTooiland. Knlciiu L»nd:n£.
Marrsnile. OroTllle 7-50P
I ZZa Port Cocta. Martinez. Attttoch,
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Lot Bunoc. Mend ota,
Annoca. Ban'ord. Visalla.
Porfrrr.le 4.20P
tZCA Port Cona. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merc*d. Kre#no. Go#hen Jutc-
tlon. IIas:ord, Visalla. Bakers-
field 450P
•-5Ca Niics. 6»r. .lose. LiTermore. Stoclt-
lon. (*M!!ton). lone. SacrairjPDto,
PlacerTUIc Uarjrsrllle. Chlco.
Red Bluff 4.20P
8-ZCa Oakda>. Chin^fe. JamcEtown. So-
¦ora. Taolnraoe and Ane-'» 420p
.9 flPAAtlantic Express— Ojfden and East. 11.20a
9.30a lilchmond. Martiner and Wax
Stations S-50P
Ifr-CCA The Orerland Lin Ited — Olden.
Denver. Omaba. Chicago. 6 20p
1000a Vallejo 12.20*
10 V'J a Los An*e!e» Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron, Tracr,
Latbrop. Stockton. Merced.
liaj mond. Tresno. Go#hen Junc-
, tlon. Unaford. Lernoorr. Visalla.
Bakersfleld. Lo» Anceles 7.20P
•1250m Havward. Slies and Way Stations. 3.20P
¦ri X0p S«4rr«m»nto R'.rer Steamers til. COP
3-5CP Benicla, Winter*. Sacramento,
Woodland. Kni£bt* LantSlas.
MftrysTllle, Orovllle and way
__, Stallone A
JJOPUayward.NlletsndWaySutloat.. 7-50P
3.3Cp Fort Costa. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Latarep, Modesto.
Merced. Brrenda. Fresno and
Way station* beyond Port Costa 12-20P
«-30p ToeemlM Valiey. rla Bereuda and
Wavona 850a
ZZOp Mart1ne». Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10 20a
<X)Qp aiartlBez.£an IUiuon.Vallejo.Kapa,
CaJlitor*. Santa Eota 820a
4-COp Klles. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.20P
42QP Hayward. Klles. IrTlnfton. Saal tS.SOA
Jose. Llvermore J til. 60a
C«0p Toe Owl Limited— Newmsn. Los
. nano«. V!rnd<>ia. Fresno. Tulare,
BakersOeid. Los Aoccles 8.50a
B.OOp Pert Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12.20P
tS JCp Hayward. Ni!es and San Jo»e 7.20a
'£.00p llayward.Klieaand Ban Jo*e S iO-»
64JCP Eastern Express— Opdea. Lirnver.
Omaha. St. Looli. Chicago sol
East. Port Costa. Benlcla. Sul-
»il. Elmlra, !':;•;?. Sarramecto,
Kocklln. Aubara, Colfax,
Irnckee. Boca, lietu. Wads-
wortn, winnemocca B-20P
'I.OOp Val'.ejo. daily, except Sunday.... I , r..
7G0P Vallejo. Sunday ocly .....f 7B0p
7XCP Kichmond. can Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Mstlons .- 11.20a
7Z0p Oregon 4 Ca!!forni* Expren— Sse-
raaento, MaryrTllIe, Redding.
Portland, Pi: j.-ct Socnd and East. C-50a
S-OSPHeno Passenger — Trnckee, Lake
Taboe 7-BOa
•.10p Hayward. Klles and San Jose <Snn-
cayonly) 11.50a
COAST LINE <!»arr»w «a«rt).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7.45a SanuCruzExcurtion(Susdayonly) 8-IOp
6 16a Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose,
Felton, Bouleer Creek, fiaata
Craz aod Way Stations 6 55 P
tzifcp Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose.
Kew Almaden. Lo« UatOk.Keiton,
Boalder Creek, Santa Craz and
Principal Way Stations t!0 55A
4.16p Kewark. Ban Jose, LotOatot and \ +86&A
way station* 1 :10 65a
4-1 BP Wright, Felton. Boulder Creek and
f ar u Crcz, Balurday and fcunday
, «n 'y fc8S5A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Troia bAN 1-UAK CISCO. Koot of Market fct. <6IlpH#
-rV.H t:uo 11:00 *.M. 1.00 34)0 616 r.x.
FrOBB OAKLAND, tool of Broadway — t«:00 {8:09
WUB lOrOUA.i^ 12-00_ 2 JO 4-00 r.K.
COAST~LINE (Broad Uaaitf).
OT Cfh'.rd and Towoiend Streets.)
• 6. 10a San Jose and Way Station* 6 3CP
00a Ban Jo«e aDd Wsy stations 6 40P
• 7.16a Monterey end Santa Crnz Excur-
sion eSundsyonlr) 10.30P
WWa Kew Almsden (Tues, Frld., only). 4.1 Op
IMa 1 he Coa«ter — Stops only bae Joie,
GHroy (connection for Bollls-
ter). Pajaro. Ca»tro»U1e <con-
»•-< tli.u to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove), Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
rar! 1 .*. San Luis Obitpo. principal
•tations tbence £urf (Cunnertlun
for Lompoc>. prlaclpul (tstlrms
thence &aota Barbara, San liuena-
?entara, Burbanfc. Lus Anceies . 10.45*
9-COa Baa Jose. Tres Plaos. Cspitola,
eantaCniz.Pf.clncGroTe,8al!nai,
Can I.uis Oblspo sod Principal
Way Station* 4.1Qp
IO.XCa fan Jose and Way Stations 120p
*1-iC* £ar:a Clara. San Jose. Los Gau»
«nd Way Staitous 7.30p
1 3tm San J<*e ace Way Stations 8 36a
i VLp Drl Monte Ex press— Santa C:ara.
tan Jose. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific ti.'ote (connecu at Sacta
Clsn, except iinaday. fur Santa
. Cruz, Buulder creek aad Narrow
GtugePolBU) at GHroy for Bol-
lister, Trcs Plnc«. at Pajaro for
• 6anta Cruz, at C»stroTiile for
Salinas w . 12-16p
5^Pp Tres Plnos War Pa»«encer...- 13 45a
< 20p -ar. Jow aad Way Stations 18.00a
*b CCP £aota Clara. .-»n Jotc. Loi Gatos,
asd principal Way Stations (ex-
* cept Sunday) *SCOa
(5 30p b*nJoteaadPr1ncir>K!Wcy&tatlon( {3.42a
6 4&> Sucect Limited.— liedwc* d. Sao
Jote.G:iroy,Sa!lnas,Pasoi:oblet,
San Luis Ol>ls]>o. mcu Barbara,
Los Ai r >•<•''. Urmia*. El P»«x
iiew, Orieana, Kew Vorlc. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crux
and st Csfctruriii* for Paclnc
... Grore and Way Stations 7.10*
'£.1 5p tat> Malec,nercaford.Be!mont.S*.a
Carlos. HtCwtxxi, Fair Oaks.
" MtnloPark. 1'alo A.lto t€.4«A
6 30p San Jose and WsyStatlona 6 36a
t-QOp Pals Alto and M'ay Stations 10-154
. i't.JLp »ooth tianFranclsco, Millbrae. Bur-
• ¦ ;:c;rat, 6an Mateo. Belmont,
Bau Cuios. Bedwuod, Fair O»ki.
MenJo Park, and Paio AJto 9 45p
11-SCp Mayteld. MoccUln View. Suony-
vsle, Ixwrence, Sa&ta CUra and
t-an Jose :9-45p
A for Morntne. P-for Afternoon '
' tytica* excepted. J Sunday onlr
a Satcrday ouly. b Monday only.
<Stop« at ail stations on Sunday.
•trOtej trains stbpplnfr at Valencia St. aoothbonnd
rr6:X0A..Jl- T:O0a.»i^ ?:U A.M., ll:30julf, 8:30r.M,
158 T**.. ».ni f :fti r. m.
iVeekly Call, SI per Year
C. J 4f m *%. m m 1 mm -pjj-v »« r A San Francisco's
. -OHJI*IBIA™«?r E
Beginning TO-MORnOW— SECOND and LAST -WEEK,
y^^MANSFIELD
MON. AND THTJRS. NIGHTS AND SAT MAT.— OLD HEIDELBERG.
TUES. AND SAT. NIGHTS— IVAN THE TERRIBLE. ,
WEDNESDAY NIGHT— BEAU BRUMMEL.
FRIDAY NIGHT (ONLY TIME)— DR. JEKYLL A>:D MR. HYDB.
H3BX^S^T OK l&oiCLdLGL'y, T&SL-y 3O
CHARLES FROHMAN WILL PRESENT
MAUDE^ ADAMS
THE LITTLE MINIS TER
SALE "JSg^BSf™ BEGINS THURSDAY
ABnJSF.KF.NTa.
A WEEK COMMENCING THI3 AFTER- S
g NOON. MAT 22. »
o lillTlA/ acts!. J
© •¦¦-.¦¦¦ SENSATIONS! O
2 Tb « Keaowned Laushraakers, ®
8 BURKE, LARUE and the |
;• INKY BOYS, %
¦ O .. P " wntl °t "THE 8rL\T:R» MOON." 5
1 1 COLBY FAMILY |
, • C2Ir. and Mrs. Wm. H.. Master Frank O
; 0 and Little Byrle) in Their Novel X
i Musical Entertainment. . Jf
I AL LAWRENCE, •
® Pgcr of A » Mlm«Ue Eintertalngra. 0
I BELLE GORDON, S
S Th» Phenomenal Athlrt*. O
if ALFONS, |
I 0 Enrop^« Foremoat Equilibrist. • J
I q X CLASSIC SUCCESS. ®
S MARCEL'S LIVING ART !
!| STUDIES, 1
! A 23 CtlBbmtsd Parisian Mod«U. Eattrv S
a - Changro of Subjects. *
•HUME,' ROSS and LEWIS, •
O Presenting "THE DUKE AND THE A
0 AMERICAN HEIRESS." 2j
• ORPHEOM MOTION PICTURES, S
© Showing the latest Novelties. O
O Last Week and Tremendous Success of 0
• charles deland and •
; : company, :
O Presenting J. M. Allison's On«-Act O
• A Musical Comedy. "A BROKER A
! 0 FROM BATESVILLE." T
! J Regular matinees every Wednesday, O
I O Thursday, Saturday and Sunday. 0
* 0 Prices— 10c. 23c and 50c. 0
OOOOOOOOOOOOQ»««>«»000
UNION
COURSING
PARK
P. J. KEII.LT ...3n&g9
JAS. X. O1ACE... 8Upv«*
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, MAY 22.
GRA^D NATIONAL
CHAMPION STAKE
Deciding Contest— Btst Ttrei In Fin.
pocatellTys. barge.
CLASSIC RESERVE STAKE
64— Nominations— 64
I PURSE jnJUU PUBSE
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15
and 1 p. m.; Twenty-fifth and Valencia stM.
five minutes later. Returnlns at 4:43 p. m.
and after the last course. San Mateo electrlo
cars every four minutes during: the day.
INOLESIDE
COURSINJTPARK.
112-DogOpenStake
Sunday, May 22
Hereafter Running
on SATURDAYS
Coorstnt; -wta besta at 11:30 o'clock s&uv
and continue until th« last wlnalsx Has; got*
op.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All Mission itr««t ears traaifev to Guerrer*
cart, which ro direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERNEY. Jod»8w -
EDWARD SHORTSTAO. SlrffTMW
High-Class Speciiltles Eierj Aftemaon tod
Evening In tha Tbeatsr.
SLEEPER. WILKZS AND COMPAJrr: THB
TWO FANTAS: MOZARTO: GEORGE AND
LAURA LEWIS; FOX AND 'WARD; Mlt-
DRED MANNING and NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES.
Take a Rids oa the MINIATtTRB ELECTRIC
RAILROAD.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAT.
' Admission. 10c: Children. 5c
Wh*h Phoning Ask for "The Omffc**
UISC0E3iX»AJH3OT73 A Ja. u ajaln n a 'X H-
BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK.
Bishth and Harrison sts.
Oakland vs. Los Angeles
TO-DAY (SUNDAY), 3-30 p. m.
Advance sale of seats at S Stockton st.
nnrfOUPC for barbers, ba-
KR I JSHfciO ken > bootblack*. b*tH-
DllUullliU houses, billiard t*«««.
brtvin. bookbinders, candy
1 dyem now mills. loundrles. 11 *^!!^
hanrer*. prtoters. palatsrsu shoe faetorta^,
Brosk luauxactuitxf , §99 BMrumtt Mi
Dry Goods Compaijy
I fidi^ ffefldkcrchifif Ssle
Originality of Design and Fabric a Feature in Every Grade
Hand Embroidered Initial Hand- Spider Lawn Initial Handkerchief s,
kerchiefs, all linen. hand embroidered and hand
Half dozen for- hemstitched, Half dozen for $3.
50c, 60c, 75c, $l ( SI.50 Each 50c
Using same care ia obtaining strong effects in low grades as in thebigher
Scalloped Embroidered Shamrock Sheer Linen Hemstitched Hand-
Uwn EudkotUjft. regular to hem .
price 75c and $1.00.
Each 50c Each 10c
Oar large distributing; power enables us to take care that prices are right
Real Armenian Lace Handker- Hand Embroidered Shamrock
chiefs, afl linen, hand embroid- Lawn Initial Handkerchiefs.
. crcd,mitiaL Half dozen for $3. Half dozen for $1.50. *
Each 50c Each 25c
Not expensive, bat elegant, refined, durable and seasonably appropriate
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Ge&rr acd Stockton Streets, Union Square.
!| BARGAINS!!!!
g When the question of Bargain arises the "prices"
oof. the Golden Gate Cloak and Suit House give the
o correct answer, viz:
¦i Silk Shift WaiSt 510.00 Black Cheviot Jackets,
1 S Suits.on sale at $9.00 s f j" u " ed i hrou f r* at f $5 '^
0 o a Cm f\t\ M2.5O Covert Jackets, satin
e ana 5>1U.UU lined throughout, price now
S RecognizedVaiuesat$i5.00 $7.50.-
! • and $i7.50. - 15.00 Novelty Covert Coats
§ at $10.00.
S Voile Suits, black, navy < . ~ . - v
1 and brown, trimmed, fully A Great Purchase
O worth $20.00 and 522.50, A New York manufacturer's
O on sa | e entire line of Linen Skirts and
O CIO en a <£1 c a a ilk Waists; we bought them for
0 1 4.DV ana $ I £>.UU a song; you reap the benefit.
1 ' — r~. •
i O High Novelty Tailor Butcher Linen and Tan Linen
S Suits, exquisite tailoring Skirts at Bargain Prices.
I and excellent quality ma- „ .„. , TV,, «', . .
. terial, 530.00 and $35.00 are B £ n p «- h / n n ev e S r'! k
% 1-1 ' « Sa ' e a L Alpaca a n d Mohair Skirts at
• $20.00 and $25.00 |S3.50, $4.00 and $4.50.
%\ Some More Bargainsj— =|Some More Bargains ]
I SILK COATS— SILK COATS
2 Extra Quality Taffeta Si k and Pcaa de Soic, beautifully trimmed, loose back,
e we will offer at $7.50, $8.50, $10.00, $12.50*nd $15.00
O They ire reasonable at Jio.oo, ? 15.00, $20.00 and $22.50
o 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooot
ADVZSTISEMEUT3.
AKUFEHENT&.
ADVESTISEMENTSw
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
l-# I5Lt SA DA w% •*« k %. EXn
mf||Developin0
and °
• \E=x3r Printing
, (at cut rates
I I can save you money and time on
| this work. I've the best equipment
: , for it on this coast. You'll find my
Kodak Developing and Printing; work
perfectly satisfactory in all respects.
Here are a few prices:
! DEVELOPING.
Roll of six. 10c; roll of twelve, 15c.
PRINTING: '
Eollo finish, 3c to 5c; velox finish,
Sc to 6c.
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS in
all popular sizes at lowest prices.
Cameras repaired at moderate rates.
Mall orders promptly filled.
I
THAT MAIM PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer..
,1003 MARKET ST.. Above Powell st,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S qreat()
{MUSEUM OF ANaTOgY{
A Ch 1521 kaZZXT ST. ttt. 5:1471a. Z.T.CH. Q
\ S The Lwfiit Asitnial Musnim in tke \
V S^V y«*»*. w««kBe««ei or any cr.ntr.ctrd Q
L U4J£OT < 5"«« »«»«»«»«'re»r«dh r theolaeil Y
O /S^B 3 * 1 ™ 1 eu Ul « CoMt HiL 3 * y «»rs. O
A &<ZV^b 0"* JOROAN-D'SEASES OF MEN (S
\ r S&^B CoBiuluo»n fr«« »nd ttrirtly prlrate. \
Q i X»Yt H TrMOBeat pertonilly or by letter. A A
\ Q If VI B *—*>** CW<lneTeryc«ieur»i<rtakrn. | T
n& H ' II A Write for Book. PBIL«SOPSJY*r A
V » 1/ I* DtAMBlAGE, MAILED I'KfcM. (AY
X (J t# »»lu»b!« book for mm ) \
V DB. JOBDAIf A CO.. 1081 Market »t..S. F. Y
railway travel.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave T» Ssisslils Ftrry Arrive
Ban Fraucltco F»»t sf Mtrket St. San Francisco
*\Veek Sun- -CWB_ SU 1 - Week
l)>r»- day. dft y s - _5 H >' 8 -
"87307 12. r 45p* 8:451
.... 10:00a l&KSSfiffiW 2:05p*I1:0Sa,
10:00a 11:00a XJ&JtfiseS*' 3:36 »> 3:35 p
1:45 r 12:20 r yBSBklSy B:40 r 6:16 r
6:l6r 1:48r 6;15p 10;05 r
4:36r ytfr 8:50 p ..'
« VI* C rarity Car, Y TamtisaU u Bill Tilley,
Ticket 1626 Map.kkt St. (North Shore Railroiid)
Offices jand t; a us auto Fjckuy, Foot Market St. :OAKLAND. May 21.—The trial of
Krwin Frost, a private detective,
charged with assisting in the unlawful
detention of Mrs. Jeannie Desoza at
the instance of John Bamber, her
father, waa commenced to-day in the
Police Court before Judge Mortimer
Smith. Mrs. Desoza. claims she was
inveigled Into a carriage by Frpst and
her parent and kept under guard for
two days In a. downtown office. It is
said Mrs. Desoza Is heiress to $50,000.
The case was continued until Monday.
fcKNBHdMHBKMMKIHHMs^
Private Detective on Trial.
the fire was out
BERKELEY, May 21.— By retain
ing her presence of mind in a moment
of danger, Mrs. J. A. Slater saved
her home yesterday at 3049 Ellis
Btreet from destruction by fire. Some
Incubator chiclons turned over
a lamp. The incubator caught fire.
The flames were fast gaining head
way when Mrs. Slater obtained a hose
and quenched them. In the meantime
she had sent her daughter to turn in
an alarm. When the engine arrived
Womnn Prevents a Fire.
OAKLAND, May 21. — While cross
ing Seventh street, near Webster, this
evening Eugene Paris, a wlnemaker
from Livermore, was struck by the
Seventh-street "local." His right arm
was broken and the shoulder dislo
cated, his right leg was broken and
three of his ribs were fractured.
Owing to the fact that Paris .is 62
years of age his Injuries may prove
fatal.
Wincmaker Struck by Train.
PRAGUE. Bohemia. May 21. — The
Town Council of Prague has voted
that women no longer shall be per
mitted to drag the trains of their
dresses in the streets and parks. Bills
proclaiming this regulation have been
posted on all the walls and obedience
will be enforced by fines. The women
of Prague are highly Indignant.
Skirts that Draff Forbidden.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior May 22— Stmr
Gaelic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu. Yo
kohama, etc.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 21— Stmr Phila
delphia, for Plymouth. Cherbourg and South
ampton; itmr Zealand, from Antwerp; stmr
Minneapolis, from London: itmr Koenlgr Al
bert, from I Genoa and Naples.
Arrived May 21— Stmr BluerufT. from Ham
burs;.
Arrived May 21— Stmr Ktrurla. from Liver
pool; stmr Arabic, from Liverpool and Queens
town.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 20— Stmr King,
ston. from Ho* ton; stmr Mount Temple, from
St. John, N. U.. vta London.
- Sailed May 21 — Stmr Vaderland. for New
York. , : .:•. *•
HAVRE— Sailed May 21— Stmr La Tour
ralne, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrlred May 21— Stmr Bohe
mian, from Boston.
Arrived May 21-^Stmr Lucanla. from New
York.
Sailed May 21— Stmr Incanla. for New York '
Sailed May 21— Stmr Cevle. for New York
PLYMOUTH — Arrived May 21— Stmr 8t
Paul, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Southampton, and proceeded.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived May 21— Stmr Peru
from Naples and Leghorn.
LONDON— Sailed May 21— Btmr Mlnn«
tonka for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 31— Stmr Ger
manic (from Southampton), for New York
Sailed May 20— Stmr Moltke (from Ham
burg and Southampton), for New York.
BOLOGNE— Sailed May 21—Stmr 8taten
dam, from Rotterdam, for New York
NAGASAKI— Arrived prior May 21—Stmr
MlsFouri. from San Francisco and Seattle
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 21— Btmr
Celtic, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 21—Stmr Ger
manic, for New York. vU Cherbourg.
GLASGOW-Salled May 20-Stmr Mongo
lian, for New York.
FIUME— Arrived May 17— Stmr Slavonla
txom New York, via Naples and Trleate.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 21— Stmr Humboldt.
for SXa«-ay bcEAN 8TEAMEBS .
domestic ponrs
SAILED.
Saturday, Mar 21.
Stmr Mandalay, Smith. Humboldt Bay.
Stmr. Aberdeen. Bonlfleld, Portland.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson .
Btmr Santa Barbara. Zoddard. Olympia.
Stmr Newsboy, Adltr. Co<ju!l!« River.
Stmr /Phoenix. Odland. Shelter Cove.
Stmr Chehalli. Martin. Grays Harbor.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
, Troubles between the pair culmin
ated a few days ago when the women
met at Hopkins and Summer streets
and expressed opinions of each other
in such raucous tones that the neigh
borhood was threatened with convul
sions. Words led to blows, and Mrs.
Minnie roundly belabored her less ag
gressive relative, according to the tes
timony of numerous witnesses.
The women's husbands permitted
their respective wives to settle matters
without interference.
OAKLAND. May 21. — All because of
a family row Mrs. Minnie Hoffschnei
der paid a ? 5 fine to-day in the Police
Jjourt after conviction for battering
her sister-in-law, Mrs. May Hoff
pchneider.
Mrs. Minnie Hoffschneider Assaults
flier Stelcr-in-Law as Result of
Lively Family Quarrel.
OAKLAND, May 21. — Tyler Hen
shaw, the brother of Supreme Justice
Frederick W. Henshaw and of William
G. Henshaw, the Oakland banker, un
derwent an operation for appendicitis
at tho Fabiola Hospital yesterday, and
his condition is so serious that his
brother, William G. Henshaw, who is
on his way East, has been notified to
return. The attack of appendicitis
was very sudden and since the oper
ation the patient has failed to rally.
Henshaw is the president of the
Ilenshaw-Bulkley Company of San
Francisco and lives with his family
at 122 Lake street in this city.
YIELDS A FIXE FOR
BATTERING RELATIVE
ROME. May 21. — Father Ehrle. di
rector of the Vatican library, will have
personal charge of the Vatican exhibits
at the St. Louis Exposition. He will be
the guest cf the Jesuit fathers In St.
Louis, and will bring the exhibits back
to Rome when the fair closes.
One of the most precious articles,
which Father Ehrle is carrying himself
to the United States, is the famous
Bible which belonged to the Emperor
Constantine, whose initials are still to
be seen on the cover. Collections of
ancient church vestments and of papal
coins and medals will be among the
almost priceless exhibits.
Papal Exhibit at the Fair.
TYLER IIENSIIAW UNDERGOES
OPERATION FOR APPENDICITIS
OAKLAND, May 21. — "A Gentle
man of France." with its richness of
scenic production and strong cast, led
by James Neill and Edythe Chapman,
will have its last presentation at Ye
Liberty Playhouse Sunday evening.
The romantic drama has had one of
the most successful runs in the Neill
repertoire.
For the week opening Monday
night the Neill Company will appear
in "Nancy & Co.," one "of Augustin
Daly's adaptations from French
comedy. It will be new to Oakland
theater goers and further commends
Itself as one of the Neill big successes.
Miss Chapman and Neill head the
cast.
Neill Company Shifts From the Su
perb "Gentleman of France" to
"JCancy & Co."
ROMANTIC DRAMA
FOLLOWED BY COMEDY
LONDON, May 21. —Tire contrac
tors' men who are at work in Spring
gardens have struck what", waa at first
believed to be a part of the great lake
which underlies London.
• Engineers, however, after investiga
tion, have come to the conclusion that
the water is too near the surface to
come from the lake, and that it is the
output of the old spring from which
the place takes its name.
"This vast underground lake," said
a prominent engineer, "extends not
only under the whole of London, but
as far as Westerham on the one side
and St. Albans on the other. It is a
natural reservoir which, in London, is
being gradually depleted.
"Private individuals alone take from
it by means of artesian wells 10,000,
000 gallons of water a day, and It ia
calculated that in consequence the
level of the lake drops every year from
twelve to eighteen Inches.
"Breweries, too, absorb a large
quantity of this water supply.
"There is no dancer in future years
of any subsidences occurring through
the • exhaustion of the water, as its
presence or absence has no effect on
the soil above."
The depth at which the water. is
struck by well sinkers varies. In Tot T
t«;nham Court road it was found at
1750 feet and in London Wall it waa
reached at 450 feet, underlying strata
of chalk, flint, gray sand and surface
clay.
¦i ; —: —\
-f
cobson, 26, both of Oakland; George
W. Smith, over 21, and Mary A. Mori*
arity, over 18, both of Oakland; Al
bert G. Krenkel, over 21, and Florence
V. Williams, over 18, both of Ala
meda; Charles R. Gillette, 46. Ala
meda, and Cynthia J. Gillette. 40, Oak
land; Granvllle. D. Warren, over 21.
and Elizabeth C.HarroId, over 18,
both of Frultvale; Robert P. Colyer,
35. and Adda E. Rogers, 28, both of
San Francisco.
Reservoir Supplies Ten Million Gal
lons of Wafer by Meaas of
Artesian Wells.
LARGE SUBMARINE LAKE
IS BENEATH LONDON
LONDON, May 21.— The young man
of to-day, it is interesting to learn on
the authority of a Piccadilly tailor, is,
as a rule, much larger than his father.
A Jermyn-street tailor adds the tes
timony that the modern man stfows a
tendency to greater height than his
father and grandfather, and a Cheap
side tailor's contribution to the subject
13 that the man who is getting £200 or
£300 a year is, generally speaking, a
well developed man.
Man Is Growing in Physique.
OAKLAND, May 21. — Mrs. Sarah
Jane Shrader, wife of Joseph F. Shra
der, a well known contractor, died last
evening at her home. 552 Vernon
street. Bright's disease was the cause
of death. Mrs. Shrader was 53 years
of age. She leaves a husband and two
sons.
Death of Mrs. Shrader.
Woolf accuses his daughter of hit
ting and throwing him over a ban
nister. He also says that his son
in-law jumped upon him and kicked
¦him brutally. The defendants deny
the charges of battery. They claim that
they had assisted Woolf financially
as far as it wae possible, but that he
caused them much trouble by becom
ing intoxicated and boisterous.
ALAMEDA. May 21. — George Gib
son and his wife. Nanette Gibson, were
arrested last night on the complaint
of Frederick Woolf, father of the
woman, the complaining witness
charging both defendants with bat
tery. He allegei that his daughter
and son-in-law are hoping he will die
so that they may come into possession
of the house occupied by them and
owned by him on Cypress and Third
streets.
Frederick Woolf -Causes Ills Off
spring's Arrest for Knocking Him
Over Bannister.
OAKLAND. May 21. — Fred C. Dana,
the South Berkeley butcher, has
broken down'in the County Jail, where
he was held on a charge of having
embezzled $200 from William Pfaff,
and it is believed he has gone hope
lessly insane. He was taken to the
insane ward of the Receiving Hospital
to-day to await examination. '
Dana was to have appeared before
Justice of the Psace Edgar for sen
tence yesterday, but he acted so
queerly that hl« sentence was post
poned. Chloral was given him and it
quieted him for a time, but this morn
ing he was again violent, and Sheriff
John Bishop ordered him taken to the
hospital.
Raving Maniac in Jail and Hud to
Be Taken Out.
CHARGE OF INSANITY
PLACED AGAINST DANA
ACCUSES DAUGHTER
OF BATTERING HIM
Mother Thais was formerly assist
ant superior general at the mother
house in Montreal and was also as
sistant head of the mother house of
the Sisters of the Holy Names of Jesus
and jrfary at Hochelhea, Montreal.
For nine years she was treasurer at
Sacred Heart Convent In this city be
fore her departure for the East.
Mother Thais is a member of a promi
nent French-Canadian family, a
brother being Sir Alexander La Coste
of Montreal.
OAKLAND, May 21. — Mother Thais,
the new Provincial of Sacred Heart
Convent, has arrived from Montreal
to take charge of the work in this
province. Mother Thais was given a
delightful welcome by the nuns and
convent pupils.
In honor of the hew provincial a re
ception will be held to-morrow night
at the convent.
Prominent Member of Siicred Heart
Sisterhood Tatars Churge of Work
in the Coast District.
MOTHER PROVINCIAL
ARRIVES AT CONVENT
GRENOBLE, May 21. — The first
chamber of the civil tribunal of this
district has at last rendered its de
cision in the suit of the state against
the Carthusian monks regarding the
ownership of the secret for making
chartreuse and of the trade-mark of
the cordial. The liquidator of the prop
erty of the mopks, which was seized
by the Government, claimed that not
only the real estate but also the trade
mark of the famous liquor was the
property of the congregation and there
fore had now become the property of
the state.
Father Rey, the successor of Father
Gamier, the original owner of the se
cret, contended that the whole estab
lishment, including the trademark, was
his own private property, although he
admitted a business partnership with
the religious order.
The court decided that both the plant
and trademark had always belonged
to the order, and as such it had now
become the property of the Govern
ment, as the congregation had no
longer any legal standing. But Father
Rey has the secret, and In spite of the
court order will not give it up. The
Carthusians have started a new es
tablishment in Spain and are making
the famous liquor there. If the Greno
ble decision be sustained, as it prob
ably will be. chartreuse cannot be sold,
at least under that name, in France.
But the Government has -won an
empty victory, for It has not the se
cret of manufacture, nor can it get it.
and it has succeeded only in driving
the distillery to Spain and thus cut
ting off its own revenue from the tax
on the liquor.
CHARTREUSE FORMULA
IS STILJj A SECRET
OAKLAND. May 21. — The City
Couwil to-night concluded the taking
of testimony in the water rates in
quiry. Further investigation will be
made from the records at hand and
the transcript of the evidence that has
been heard. This will be done by the
" individual Councilmen.
' A. L. Adams, on behalf .of the Con
*.ra Costa Water Compariy, said to the
Council this evening that the company
ivas ready to concede that all of the
rules of law had been complied with
in the inquiry should the Council stop
taking testimony at this time.
Adams explained that the company
nas anxious to have the rates fixed as
¦oon as poFsible, because a change in
the present schedule will involve an
enormous amount of clerical work
fn revising the rate cards.
Contra Costa Company Asks to Have
Rates Fixed *o Avoid Clerical
Work.
CONCLUDE TESTIMONY
IX WATER RATE CASE
Dr. Harmon was one of the best
known physicians of Oakland. He was
born in Sacramento and was 43 years
of age. He never married. He was the
son of John B. Harmon, one of the
early attorneys at Sacramento, who
later moved to Oakland and who has
long been dead. His brother, Dana
Harmon, died about a year ago from
heart disease. Dr. Harmon has been
living at his brother's residence on
Alice street. T. W. Morgan, for many
years City Engineer of Oakland, is a
half brother of the dead physician. Dr.
Harmon was a member of the Athenian
Club and the Elks.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 21. — Dr.
Rolierdeau Harmon was found dead in
his private office in the Delger building,
1155 Broadway, this evening, after
having been missing since Thursday.
Suicide wag at first thought to have
been the cause of death, but an
autopsy performed by Doctors Curdts
and Relnle showed that it was due to
fatty degeneration of the heart. Dr.
Harmon waa last seen on Thursday,
when he mad*» his daily visit to the
Athenian Club. He was seen on the
same day by his sister, Mrs. Julian
Le Conte, and his sister-in-law, Mrs.
Dana HHrmon. To-day his absence
from his usual haunts was noticed, and
when the door of his private office was
broken open he was found dead in hla
chair.
DR. R. HARMON
' IS FOUND DEAD
IN HIS OFFICE
A supper was served at 6 o'clock
and thit> evening the convention came
to an end with ' the following pro
gramme: Praise service, led by A. M.
Sutherland; devotional service, George
O. Bordwell; anthem. "Ashamed of
Jesus"; addrey?, J. E. White: solo.
Charles W. Brock; addresses, by the
Rev. Dwight E. Potter and I. N. Hal
liday; consecration service, led by Dr.
Sara E. Wise.
BERKELEY, May 21. — In conven
tion to-day at the Park Congregational
Church the young people of the Chris
tian Endeavor societies of Alameda
County talked over the work under
taken and accomplished by its mem
bers. It was the quarterly meeting of
the Christian Endeavor Union and it
brought together delegates from all
over the county.
H. E. Keifer opened the convention
at 3 o'clock this afternoon with a
prayer. This was' followed by the
"Quiet Hour," led by H. W. Miller of
Berkeley. Doremus Scudder of Berke
ley welcomed the candidates and then
addresses were made by J. E. White,
president of the California Christian
Endeavor Union, on "What Is the Mis
sion of Christian Endeavor"; the Rev.
H. J. Vosburgh, on "Has Our Mis
sion Been Fulfilled?" the Rev. E. H.
Maar, on "The Future of Christian
Endeavor," and the Rev. Dwight E.
Potter, on '^anta Rosa, 1904." The
afternoon session closed with a ques
tion box conducted by J. H. Hatch and
A. M. Sutherland.
Delegates From All Paris of the
County in Convention at Park
Congregational Church.
OAKLAND, May 21. — Mary E.
Sweeney has tired of her baseball hus
band, "Danny" Sweeney, the Oakland
prize third baseman of years gone by,
and has begun suit for divorce on the
ground of failure to provide. She al
leges that of late years he has become
very dissipated. He *is living now in
Louisville, Ky. She also asks that
she be allowed to resume Jier maiden
name of Chatfield. "
In the divorce court to-day Minnie
E. Thaisen was divorced from Peter
Thalsen on the ground of willful neg
lect. They were married in Wyoming.
She was allowed to resume her maiden
name of Emma Miller.
Katherlne E. Edwards obtained a
decree of divorce from Frederick W.
Edwards on the ground of desertion.
The court awards her $30 a month
alimony and permission to resume her
maiden name, Katherine A. Hurd.
Jane N. Warner was denied a di
vorce on the ground of insufficiency in
the evidence. She charged James
Warner with wullful neglect.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day
by America Bidwell against John Bid-'
well on the ground of cruelty. They
were married in Reno, New, several
years aso.
Old Time Third Baseman Is Charged
With Having Become Very Dis
sipatod .- Poor.
MARY SWEENEY TIRES
OF BASEBALL HUSBAND
The board of regents has authorized
the promotion of two more members
of the faculty.. Associate Professer
Charles M. Bakewell is raised to a full
professorship and Knight Dunlap, as
sistant in psychology, to an instructor
ship. >v?
Professor Carl C. Plehn of the de
partment of economics will represent
the university at, the State River Con
vention to be held in the Palace Hotel
in San Francisco on Monday.
The Golden Bear Honor Society
initiated to membership at the last
meeting the following from the fac
ulty, alumni and student body at the
university: Professors E. J. Wickson
and Edmond O'Neill, Frank Otis and
E. J. Brown, Scott Hendricks, Sidney
Tibbetts, J. S. Edwards. E. R. Hallett,
•W. T. Hale. J. P. Loeb, W. H. Dehm,
J. A. Force. R. C. Hackley. H. W.
Howard and A. C. Keane.
As a reward for their achievement
in winning the Intercollegiate series at
baseball from Stanford the members
of the California team have been pre
sented with keepsakes In the form of
gold baseballs. The emblems are in
scribed with the letters "Champions
1904. California, 6-2-4. Stanford,
2-6-2." 'b\V
BERKELEY, May 21. — "The Ethics
of the 'Open Shop' Issue" is the ques
tion that the candidates for the next
Bonnhelm prize are expected to dis
cuss. This has just been announced by
a committee consisting of Professor
Charles M. Gayley. Bernard Moses and
C. M. Bakewell. The rules governing
the discussion will be the same as in
former years. It will be held some
time In November next.
Augustin C. Keene, '05, editor of the
Occident for the next term, has chosen
the following members of his staff:
Literary editor, Katherlne Hershey,
'05; exchange editor, Jackson Gregory,
'06; news editor, Joseph Koford, '06;
athletic editor, R. W. Kittrelle, '05.
The Le Conte memorial fellowship
for 1904-05 was awarded to Calvin O.
Esterly by a committee consisting of
Professor Joseph Le Conte, a son of
the late Joseph Le Conte; Frank Otis
and Charles S. Greene. Esterly has
been an assistant in zoology in the uni
versity. He was graduated from the
College of Letters with the class of '02
arid since then has been occupied in
advanced zoological research. The
fellowship will give him an income of
$500 for the year.
CHRISTIAN EXDE.WORERS
DISCUSS WORK AND PLANS
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Oakland Chapter No. 140. Order East
ern Star, will give a prize whist party
on Monday, May 23, at Masonic Hall,
Twelfth and Washington streets, at
8:30 p. m. The committee of arrange
ments includes Mrs. Fred Fillson
(chairman), Mrs. Venice F. Cushlng,
Mrs. Wallace Price ana Mrs. W. H.
Hornick.
Miss Louise Cooper of Santa Bar
bara has been the moiif of several
pretty affairs, Including a, bridge whist
party given by Mrs. Irving Xundborg
on Thursday afternoon, on which oc
casion the Drizes were won by Mrs.
George S. Wheaton, Miss Cooper and
Miss Edl .".I Gaskill.
The Kenna home, in East Oakland,
harbored a merry party of card players
last Tuesday. No one knows better
than Ada Kenna how to make her
guests feel at home, and whenever this
particular club gathers in the old house
on the hill the big, comfortable rooms
resound with the echo of pleasant
young voices. Miss Kenna's guests last
Tuesday were: Miss May 1 Coogan,
Mrs. Irving Burrell, Mrs. George Clarke
Davis, Miss Lucretia Burnham, Miss
Bessie Reed, Mrs. Philip Tuggles Clay,
Miss Mollie Mathes, Miss Elsie Everson,
Miss Ethel Sims, Miss Edith Chicker
ing, Miss Ethel Crellin, Miss Marion
Goodfellow, Miss Bessie FHlmore and
Miss Jean Downey.
"Highlands" was the scene of a
pleasant affair last evening, when Mr.
and Mrs. Requa entertained a dinner
party in honor of Mrs. James Laidlaw
of New York. The guests were Mr.
and Mrs. W. W. Garthwaite, Mlsa
Garthwaite, Mr. and Mrs. Fjank C.
Havens, Mr. and Mrs. Mark Requa,
Miss Carolyn Little and Mr. Garth
waite.
To-day Mrs. I. Emmet Nicholson
gave one of the largest card parties
of the season in honor of Mrs. Mar
tin and Mrs. Carmine. At least 100
guests were present. Five hundred
was the game of the hour. Among
the guests were: Frederick Allardt,
Mrs. James G. Allen, Mrs. Frank
Allen, Miss Ada Bates. Miss Beauvais.
the Misse3 Breck, Mrs. Sam Breck,
Mrs. George Borneman, Mrs. Lee Cole
Burnham, Mrs. Martin* Blote, Mrs.
Harry Carleton, Mrs. Arthur Crellin,
Mr*. Frederick Page Cutting. Mrs.
William E. Colby, Mrs. T. C. Coogan.
Miss May Coogan, Mrs. . Frederick
Clift. Miss Jean Clift, Mrs. Edwin de
Golia, Mrs. Frank Prentiss Deering,
Mrs. Edward W. Engs, the Misses
Everson, Mrs. Ernest 11. Folger, Mrs.
Cleveland Forbes, Mis3 Edith Gaskill.
the Misses Gray, Mrs. Clarence H.
Gray. Mrs. Frederick Hathaway, Mrs.
J. C. Hampton, Mrs. George Hammer,
the Misses Huff. Mrs. Edward A. How
ard! Mrs. J. Shepherd Jenks, Miss Har
riet Emma. Knight, Mrs. Frederick
Knight, Mrsi Newton j Koser. Mrs.
Frank I. Kendall, Miss Kendall,' Mrs.
Albert A. Long, Mrs. Irving Lund
bcrc, Mrs. Irving Lewis, Mrs. A. S.
Larkey, Mrs. William H. Morrison,
Mrs. William E. Miles, Mrs. Frederick
W. Morse. Mr3. John P. Maxwell,
Mrs. Robert S. Moore, Mrs. Seth Mann.
Mrs. Shelby Martin, Mrs. Harold Mar
tin, Mrs. George Martin, Mrs. Will
Metfk, Mrs. William E. Milwain, Miss
Ethel Moore, Mrs. Frandes Musser,
Miss Emma E. Mahony, the Misses
Carrie and Belle Nicholson, Mrs. Ed
win Owen, Mrs. William Letts Oliver,
the Misses Oliver, Mrs. Charles Par
cell?, Mrs. Henry Rosenfeld, Mrs.
Charles Rodolph, Mrs. George Ro
dolph, Mrs. John Francis Smith, Mrs.
Harry Smith, Mrs. Mailler Searles.
Mrs. Hayward Thomas, Mrs. Harry
Wells Thomas, Mrs. Churchill Taylor,
Mrs. Frank C. Watson, Mrs. Horace
Watson, Miss Mary Wilson and Mrs.
Vernon Waldron.
OAKLAND. May 21. — Mrs. George
Martin's return t£ her old home has
been the signal for the giving of many
informal but delightful affairs. As
May Bateg Mrs. Martin was exceed
ingly popular and it must be very
pleasant to receive so cordial a wel
come after an 'absence of nine long
years, yesterday Mrs. Charles Minor
Goodall entertained a few of Mrs.
Martin's old friends In her honor and
on Saturday last Miss Georgie Strong
was hostess at an unusually pleasant
afternoon complimentary to Mrs. Mar
tin and Mrs. Creighton Carmine, an
other visiting former Oakland girl.
These two ladies were complimented
guests recently at a card party given
by Mrs. Newton Koser.
Miss Strong is always a charming
hostess and her card party last week
was a very enjoyable affair.
By Zoc Green Radcliffc.
Bettencourt resided with his pa
rents at 634 Eagle avenue, Alameda.
IJelter.court was a driver for Smith
& Oliver. He was standing on the top
of a loud of baled, hay,, making ready
to fasten hooks into the bale3 to un
load them into a loft. Suddenly he
fell backward, but not more than ten
feet before striking the wagon bed. It
is supposed his back was twisted
when he struck.
Louis J. Bettencourt, 17 years of
age, fell from a load of hay this morn
ing 1 at Smith & Oliver's warehouse,
foot of Frankljn street, and was al
most instantly killed. The fall broke
his back.
James Flynn and Thomas White
saw the accident and ran to the
youth's assistance. They found him
sensless. Quickly he was removed to
the Receiving Hospital, but the sur
geons found that life was extinct. The
body was taken to the Morgue.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 21.
Miss Edsberg disappeared from
Helm's store Thursday night and from
that time until to-day her whereabouts
was a mystery. Shortly after she left
the place of her employment she was
observed in the company of a strange
man and the police were working on
the theory that the young lady hud
eloped ¦with the stranger. -,'
Miss Edsberg, who is but 16 years
of age, refused to state where she had
been, and her mother, Mrs. R. Mc-
Xutt of 1153 East Sixteenth street, East
Oakland, who reported the disappear
ance of her daughter to the police,
was so overjoyed at her return that
she did not press her for an explana
tion.
ALAMEDA, May 21.— After being
lost for four days and having her dis
appearance reported to the police.
Miss Maude Edsberg, who is employed
in the confectionery of Henry Heim
at 1426 Park street, returned this
evening and put at rest the fears of
her family that she had met with foul
play.
A short distance west of West San
Leandro the locomotive and car Jump
ed the track and partially overturned.
Ely was hit by a piece of flying timber
and Engineer J. D. Hoyt was hurled
against the front of the cab. Fireman
Gec-rge Bourginon was flung out of the
cab and landed in a Held close to the
roadbed.
It required the efforts of a wrecking
crew until 3 o'clock this morning to re
place the engine and car on the rails
and to clear the track.
ALAMEDA May 21.— Through the
ditching of a locomotive and caboose on
the narrow gauge line near "West San
Leandro last evening at Sso'clock, three
members of the crew narrowly escaped
being killed, all being slightly injured.
The accident, it is thought, was caused
by a defective rail. Conductor George
Ely v.as in charge ef the engine and
car that were returning from Alvarado,
where some repairing was being done
to a trestle.
NEW YORK, May 21.— The Financier
says: The notable feature of the of
ficial statement of the New York Asso
ciated Banks last week was the large
liquidation, the greatest for the year,
in loans, which, together with the loss
in cash, caused a reduction in the gen
eral deposits and consequently in the
reserve requirements as to bring about
a small Increase in the surplus reserve.
The loans decreased $22,375,100. prob
ably the result of the cancellation of
loans of Government deposits and also
the repayment of some of the recent
syndicate borrowings. The holdings of
public funds were reduced $6,098,400
during the week, making a reduction in
the fortnight of J23.283.000. This, it may
be noted, is somewhat in excess of the
amount of the surrenders to the treas
ury of the funds which were accumu
lated in the special depositaries pre
paratory to the Panama payment, the
excess representing surrenders under
the second call of the treasury for pub
lic deposits. The cash holdings of the
banks decreased $7,035,300 net, reflecting
the total amount of gold withdrawn for
export to Europe during the bank week.
The average gain resulting from the
payment on Friday of the $3,000,000
treasury warrants to the fiscal agents
of the republic of Panama was so com
paratively small, it counting for only
about $1,500,000, as they have little in
fluence except that it caused the cash
item to be made upon rising averages.
General deposits deceased $29,094,300,
which amount is $411,100 less than the
sum of the decrease in loans and of the
net los in cash; therefore the staetment
showed a good balance. The required
reserve of 2a per cent of general de
posits decreased $7,262,323, deducting
from which the net loss of cash leit
$172,025 as the increase in surplus re
serve to $13,000,527. Computed upon the
basis of deposits less those of $26,841,400
of public funds, the surplus is $1?.
714,625.
, WILMINGTON, Del., May 21.—Flog
ged with forty lashes of a cat-o-nine
talls across his bared back. Samuel
Fisher, a negro highwayman, collapsed
at the whipping post at the county
workhouse to-day, and limp and help
less he was dragged part of the way
from the post to the cell in which he
is now serving five years. Fisher held
up a negro woman named Mary De
laney, from whom he stole $1.
Fisher stood for one hour in the pll
lory before he was led to the whipping
post, to which his hands were securely
manacled. He twisted and squirmed
as the lashes fell and cried out in pain
"Oh ".ord, have mercy." "Mercy, mer
cy," he cried from time to time. When
the shackles were loosened the man fell
backward, but was caught by the
guards. As they started across the
Enclosure with him, his limbs became
limp and the guards had to drag him
into a tunnel leading to the cells.
Henry Irons, another negro, passed
an hour In the pillory, and received
thirty lashes for stealing. He suffered
as greatly as did Fisher. *
Altogether sixteen offenders, the
largest number in any one day since
the workhouse was erected, were flog
ged at the pc-st to-day. Five hundred
people witnessed the floggings.
The child was in court to-day. She
is a .pretty miss of 7. Seemingly she
wes very harpy with her foster
parent?, who have brought her up in
ihe belief that they were her father
Hi:d mother. Recently a woman claim-
In? to be the mother has made demands
for the child, and in looking up the
records jt wag discovered that, while
:he adoption had been registered, there
v.as apparently no record of its com
pletion. It was not until an action had
been begun by Hyman to protect the
child he had adopted and the matter
was brought up before Judge Ogden
to-day that it was discovered that
while the case had been registered un
der one number it had been completed
under another. An order was made
rectifying the mistake, and the Ky
mar.s will appear in court next Tues
day in San Francisco with a clear title
to the child.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 21.
The mother who abandoned her child
to a foundling asylum in San Fran
cisco !icar!y seven years ago and would
now reclaim it from David and LIIHe
Hyman will find that they have a per
fect title to the child. The title was
made so to-day by an order from Judge
O*;den straightening out the records
in the case. The mother had sued out
a writ of habeas corpus before Judge
Dunne in San Francisco, and the Hy
:r.ans were cited to bring the child
into court and show cause why she
Fhould rot have the custody of her lit
tje girl.
Young Lady Returns at the
Time Case Was Report
ed to the Police Officials
Suddenly Drops to bottom
of Wagon From Which He
Had Been Lifting ; Bales
Fifteen Other Prisoners Re
ceive Similar Punishment
for Crime in Delaware
Those in Caboose Scattered
on Roadway, but They
Escape Serious Injuries
Gold Withdrawn for Export
to Europe Causes Falling
Off in Cash Holdings
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Records Were Mixed and
His Title Was Not Clear,
but Mistake Was Found
MOTHER RECLAIMS IT
GOVERNMENT DEPOSITS
DEATH INSTANTANEOUS
FEARS OF FOUL PLAY
LOCOMOTIVE IS DITCHED
FAINTS AT THE POST
[s Threatened With Loss
of the Little Child He
l[as Reared as His Own
Three Men on a Construc
tion, Train Have a Nar
row Escape From Death
Young Teamster Killed in a
Peculiar Accident While
Working on a Load of Hay
Miss Maude Edsberg Disap
pears for Four Days With
out Leaving Any Word
Bank Statement Shows a Re
duction of Nearly Thirty
Millions During Fortnight
Given Forty Lashes Across
His Bared Back Before
Being Placed in a Cell
HYMAN MAKES
ADOPTION GOOD
MISSING GIRL
RETURNS HOME
BREAKS BACK
BY BAD FALL
FAULTY RAIL
WRECKS ENGINE
NEGRO ROBBER
IS FLOGGED
PUBLIC FUNDS
ARE DECREASED
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MAY 22, lUO-f.
Kind Act Nearly , Causes Death.
OAKLAND, May 21.— George Max
well, who lives in North Oakland, was
suffering from a headache last night
and some friends gave him what they
called a "headache powder." The
powder consisted largely of morphine
and so overcame Maxwell that he had
to be taken to the Receiving Hospital
to save his life.
No More Gifts for Teachers.
PARIS, May 2L— M. Chaumie, the
French Minister of Public Instruction,
has just sent around a circular putting
a stop to an ancient usage in the ly
ceums, the offering by pupils at the
end of the term of some gift to their
teacher. The Minister, thinks the pro
fessor who receives a present lessens
bis moral control and, leaves himself
open to very humiliating imputations.
The Minister's act was influenced by
complaints from a number of parents.
Threatens Former Wife.
O'AKLAND, May 21.— Edward P.
Johnson, a civil engineer, was arrested
to-night on complaint of his former
wife, Minnie. Johnson, who claims he
threatened to do her harm. Johnson
has been arrested several times' for
annoying the woman and her friends.
OAKLAND, May 21.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Max W. Koe
nig, 29, and Louise K. Bauer, 22, both
of Oakland; Joaquin S. Calderia, 24.
and Annie Nunes, 18, both of Oak
land; Harry M. Barnett, 36, Oakland,
and Lucille A. Enix, 26, Louisville,
Ky.; Leon S. Clayburgh. 22, and Eva
E. Wlneburgh, 21. both of San Fran
cisco; Peter Voiles, 30, San Francisco,
and Mamie. Constantine, 18, Oakland;
Timothy Kelleher, .40, Oakland,, and
Lizzie O'Connor, .34, San Francisco;
Alfred Larson, 34, and Hannah Ja-
Marriage Licenses.
Sculptor Owns Bonheur's Horse.
PARIS. May 21. — Rosa Bonheur's
celebrated ••horse," a model for many
painters, has been given by her heir.
Mile. Klumpke. to a well-known
sculptor. M. Airred Boucher. The ani
mal will spend the rest of its days in
the flelda with a small donkey as com
panion.
40
Fortunes hare been made In
San Francisco REAL ESTATE
—Splendid chances yet remain.
Sec choice bargains advertised
in classified ads.
CALL AGENCY REMOVAL
NOTICE.
On -June 1st the Oakland
agency and news headquarters
of this paper will be removed
from 1118 Broadway to 1010
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND.
II 18 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77-
* ALA3IEDA.
1485 Purk Street.
Telephone Alameda 4592.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
Tills, with the pictures that
illustrate It and the answers
to "What- Women Want to
Know." la one of the
prettiest and brightest
features of the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
THE APRON GIRL.Cash Grain and Provisions.
These markets have relapsed Into a very
monotonous conditlon > The Inquiry for Beans
continues light, and^as holders. In view of
the steady statistical position of the market,
are not disposed to give concessions, dullness
prevails.
BEANS— Bayr>s. $2 40@2 55; Pea. $2 00®
3 10; Butters. $3®3 60: small White. $2 80©
3 10; large White. " $2 5002 65; Pink. $3 43@
3 65; Red. $4 50®4 75: Lima. $3 25®3 30; Red
Kidneys. $4 60#4 75: Blackeye. $1 85®2 05 per
ctl: Horse Beans. $2®2 60.
SEED — Brown Mustard. $4©4 25; Yellow
Mustard, $3®3 25; Flax. $1 80igil 90; Canary.
3l405«4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 14^2@I6c; Rape.
l?i@2cs Timothy. 6@6%c; Hemp, 3W@4c per
lb;/*Jilet 3<tf3#c: Broom. Corn Seed, $20®21
per ton.
Beans and Seeds.
The markets everywhere continue dull and
unsatisfactory. The Chicago dispatches of
Mitchell, Mulcahy & Co. «ay: "Prices are
again a shade lower. It is the same dull mar
ket with a dragging tendency. There Is noth
ing like general liquidation, but enough scat
tered selling by . tired holders and enough
hedging by packers to keep the price dragging.
Provisions are largely owned by scattered out
side speculators, and the packers and distrib
utors do not seem disposed to acquire holdings
or help carry the load. The general expecta
tion is that receipts of Hogs will be > large
through June. The speculative situation Is,
therefore, not a strong one."
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 8%o per lb for
heavy 10c for light medium. 12c for llgHt
13Uc "for extra light and 15@lCc for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Cali
fornia Hams. 12S12^c; Mess Beef, $10©
10 60 per bbl; -extra Mess. $11<311 50; Family,
$12812 50; prime Mess Pork, $13; extra clear.
$24; Mess, $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10c; Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14o
per lb. • • ,
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%o per Ibjfor
compound and S'ic for pure; half-barrels, pure
8%c; 10-lb tins. IHic; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb'tlns)
9%c.
COTTOLENT3— One half barrel. 8Hc; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
6 lie; flvo Ucrces. 8Hc per lb.
Provisions.
Unlisted Securities. jS-fiS
MISCELLANEOUS EOND3.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. AOu
Bay CPC 6s. — 100 3 P C R 4s. — 10O
B L Wat 63.113 — S P Co 4tis.l«*Hi —
Cal NW 5s.. — 112% Sun Tel <te..U3 —
M C Wat 5S.10O — Do 5s . — 103
Ris I Wks5s. — 107H Suttr-st R3s.lOS 113
SF Drdk 5s. — 113^1 UR of SF 4a. 7S!i —
SF & NP 3s. — 111^1
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 24^ 27*i|Mat Nar Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils HO 92 b! Xev Nat Bk. — COO
Cal G&ECor 43 — I S R U Co. 91; —
C Jockey C1.13O 130 |N" Cal P Co. H*** 11J4
Cal Powder.130 150 JOak Bk Sav.ll2»a —
Cal Snip Co. 21 27 I Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T.115 13O 1IOOF Hall A 8 —
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 lorpheum Co.. — 19%
Chutes Co .. — 7%!Pac Cas Co.120 —
Clty&CEk— 112 Pac S Tel...100 —
Cyp L Imp.. 6*4 — Faraf Paint.. 33 —
East Dynm.. — 230 S F Drydock. CO —
DptnPwd pfd 80 9O SFASJ Coal. 25 «2«i
Do com .. — 60 S J Wat Co. — 10«
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — SO & MTgb*-I23 —
Fischer Thtr 40c — Swiss-A Bk.115 —
Frnch-A Bk.lOi — Truck Eloct..l2t, 12>4
Gas Con A.. — 22 UR InC pfd. 42 —
Hono "P Co. — 14 Do com, ... 9 • —
Lonft SF Bk — CO
Morning Session. i,-'*
Board—
$11,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 7S 23
California Stock and Oil Exchange
On Stocks— Bid. Aik»d.
Apollo 43
Associated Trust Cert 19 2O
Aztec 8O
Caribou 4 SO 8 on
Central Point Con 60 C8
Chicago Crude .............. «... 21 '
Claremont 62 03
Four 62
Fulton 3 73
Giant 14 .... i
Hanford 190 0ft
Home 143 1 BO
Imperial 17 .",<>
Independence 23 27
Junction -•• ••-- IS !
Kern ..%..... 4 m ....
Kern River 10 00 —.- !
Lion 01
Monarch of Arizona 40 ',
Monte Cristo OT 70
Occidental of W Va 07 12
Oil City Petroleum 6U «O
Peerless 13 00
Reed Crude 1 3O ....
S F & McKlttrick 2 25
Senator ** «7
Sovereign 41 «
Sterling 2 70
Superior 04 ....
Thirty-three 8 23
Toltec 21 ....
Twenty-eight *.. 7 .5 8 50
West Shore 2 «f> »»-; *
Associated Bonds 7» 77*%
Wabash - **
Miscellaneous — ¦•
Abby Land A Improvement 1 W
Cal Gas ft Electrio Corp 28 00 ••••
California Jockey Club .... 123 00
California Shipping Co 20 00 ....
Chutes Company STiS^ *
Cypress Lawn In:» Co o 63>4 ....
Fischer's Theater »» J5
Northern Cal Power 11 00 11 30
Morning Session.
25 Caribou 4 45
Street— *
8200 OU City Petroleum -..—..« om
Mining Stocks. » T5
BAM FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were th* sales on the San Fraa*
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlnt? Session.
»«rt Alta 00 40O Mexican .....1 79
£S Caledonia ... 78 40O Ophir 5 «2£
TO Confidence ...1 10 40O Overman &
wa r.own Point. 21 500 Potosl Id
.: 32 100 Union Coa - «5
60 Exchequer ... 33
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following wer* the sales on the P»c!2a
EtockV Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Con C ft Va.l 70! 100 Ophlr 5 T5
100 Con C ft V.I 67HI 100 Overman 3*
100 Exchequer ... 31 100 Savage 33
200 Exchequer ... 32| 300 Sierra Ne* .. 4 4
ICO Gould * Cur. 2S| 300 Union Con .. G*
30O Mexican 1 70 10O Yellow Jacket. 21
200 Mexican ...1 <XH\
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco »nd To no pah Mlnlcg Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Little Ton .. 30| 500 Ray A OBrian 99
1C0O MacNamara . lft'2100 Ton Belmont.. 69
2C0O MacNamara . 20i 600 Ton Belmont.. 65
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ,
SATURDAY. May 21—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Eld. Ask.
Alpha- 10 lllJustlc* ©» 11
Alia. 07 CO Kentuck 02 Kt
Andes 1» WiKeyes Graes.. —- 1 On
Belcher ..".... 30 341 Lady Wash .. — Ort
Best ft Belch. 1 45 1 5.". Mexican I «3 1 70
Bullion «» lOlOccldental .... 79 M
Caledonia ... " 73 Ophlr 8M5CH
Challenge Con 22 231 Overman 34 3*
Chollar ! 17 131 Potosl 1* M
Confidence ...1 10 1 lSlScorpion ..... 10 II
Con C St Va.l «3 1 "0;SaTaw 83 35
Con Imperial. 02 03iSes Belcher .. It 12
Con N Y .... 03 04 Sierra Ner .. 4.T 45
Crown Point. 20 22}SUr«r Hill .. W 89
East Sierra.. 03 0B! St Louis .... 09 lf>
Eureka Con.. — 50|Syndlcat« .... M 0«
Exchequer .. S2 341 Union Con .. «K «7
Gould * Cur. 23 SOiUtah 07 M
Hale, & Norc CI «SI Yellow Jacket. 20 12
Julia 03 071
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 07'Ray Ton 11 15
Esperansa ... 01 021 Hay A OBrten 04 —
Gold Anchor. 20 20! Rescue 05 *>S
Hold M Con. — DBITon Ilelmont.. 65 1tn
HanMpah ... — 10 Ton Kxten..l 05 1 12»i
Jim Butler .. SO — Ton Gold M. 13. —
Little Ton .. SO —{Ton of Nev..S 25 S 50
MacNamara . 1* 19'Ton N Star.. 25 3ft
Mlzpah Ex .. 10 —(Ton Midway.. 37 2*
Mont Ton..1 57fc 1 «0 Ton A Halt I. S3 7»
Paymaster ... — lljUnlted Ton .. U 20
Pine Grove... 00 —i
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — '
May .: 99 99% 98% 8S%
July (old) 88 • 89% 87% 89%
July (new) 86% 88 86%. 87%
Sept (old) 81% 82% 81% 82%
Sept (new) 80% .81% SOVi 81 S
Corn No. 2—
May 47% 48 47% 48
July 4*% . 48% 48% 48%
September 47% 47% 47«» 47%
Oats No. 2—
May 41% 42 41 41%
July 3S% 38% 38 Vi 3314
September 30% 30% 30% 30%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July ...._. 10 05 1100 10 87% 10 95
September 11 22% 11 22% 11 12% 11 20
Lard, rer 100 lbs —
July 6 27% 6 30 6 25 6 30
September 6 45 6 47% 6 40 0 47%
Short Ribs, rer 100 lbs—
July 6 35 6 37% 6 37% 6 37%
September 6 52% 6 62 4 6 47% 6 62%
There was no change In anything yesterday.
As long as the North continues to send down
large lines of Bran there can hardly be any
advance in this description, though the feel
ing is very steady, as the local output Is
light. Hay rules firm In tne upper and dull
and weaki In the lower grades.
BRAN— $21@22 per ton
MIDDLINGS— $27 50©29 60 per ton.
SHORTS — J21C22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23«23 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50O"l;
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake, $22023: Corn
Meal, $30 60@31 50: Cracked Corn. $31@32;
Mixed Feed, $21@22; Horse Beans, $309
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat* $11@15; Wheat and Oat. $11©
13 50; Oat. $9@12; Barley, nominal; Stock.
$S<??10; Alfalfa. S7@10 per ton.
STRAW— 60@70c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff*.
I EASTEBX MABKETS. |
The following maximum and minimum tem
*T*ratures for the preceding day are reported
from. Eastern stations:
P'Sftcn 70-51 jJackson\il!e 89-G4
Philadelphia 70-5* Washington 70-50
Cincinnati 74-56 Kansas City 78-62
yur York 70-CS New Orleans 84-64
WEATHER CONDITION."? AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen over the extreme
cortiicm portion of the coast and has risen
t.< v.-':_v on the California coast.
iihowr-rs are reported at Independence and
Flagstaff and conditions are favorable fur
fhowers Sunday In the Sierras and the moun
tains of Southern California.
weather continues warm on the PacMJc
J->: < with afternoon temperatures in the in
terior of California ranging from 90 to 96
dpcreea. • ~
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hrtfcrs ending mldTfljrht. May 22:
Northern California — Fair Sunday, except
cbo»-erc in the Sierras; continued warm; light
nc*th wind.
Fouthern California — Fair Sunday, except
possibly ehowcrs In the mountains; fresh south
west winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday; e bowers in the
mountains.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
continued warm; light north winds, changing
to Irefh westerly.
- A, G. McADIB. District Forecaster.
Urtece lOKphlt 5 .57
I.tvns Con 07|P!ioenlx 00
Ten Tunnel .... lOfP.ioel 15
•Cci Cal & Va... 1 r<5i£v/age A... 30
Heir. Sliver 1 3T»| Sutra Nev.: ' 40
Iroa Mlver 1 75[Sr-all Hopes :...-• '15*
Ltadville Con ... C2jStra!ard 2 10
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 600
4 90, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50ti4 80:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 65®4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 60 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 60; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 60; extra cream do, $4 23;
Oat Groats. $4 60: Hominy. $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50@4 75: Cracked Wheat $4;
Farina. $4 50; > Whole Wheat Flour. $3 73;
Rolled Oats. bbls. $7 25@8 60; in sacks. $6 750
8 10; Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas $5 60 per 10o lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
COAST RECORD.
C Z S C «8 S
% H» *a °2 ¦£¦* •
- I 5=23 3:= S" g
STATIONS. % !§*| ?§ If** ST
7 e" s c- >% =
Baker SO. 40 78 4S NE Cloudy lob
("Sirton 29.92 76 40 NE Pt.Cldy .CO
Eureka " 30.42 €6 48 NW Clear .00
Fresno r3.S4 94 54 N Clear .00
BE. Farallon-.23.S4 61 to NW Clear .0.
FlagstafT 23.00 60 28 NE Cloudy Tr.
« Potatello 30. 02 74 44 W Clear .00
Independence 2a .'J2 78 M N' Cloudy Tr.
Los Angdes.. 29.1*4 72 C2 SW Clear .00
• Mt Tamalpals.29.05 *3 €1 NW Clear .00
North Head... 30. 23 52 4S NE Cloudy .00
Phoenix 28.78 88 S6 W Cloudy .00
Polct Reyes... 23. ?*) 72 61 S Clear .00
Portland r.o.34 80 46 W Clear .00
Re.d .Bluff 23. R4 96 C4 N . Clear .00
P.oseburg ....30.12 M 42 N Clear -CO
Eacramento ..23.94 90 64 NXV Clear .00
Ealt Lake 30. "0 56 50 NW Pt.Cldy .00
6an Frandsco.23.80 7« 54 W Clear .00
6. L. Obirpo..25>.9<> 72 44 SW Clear .00
San Diego 23. IH t» ZA W Clear .00
Seattle 30.22 72 46 NW Pt.Cldy 00
Spokane 30. en 7S 60 W Cloudv .00
Tutoosh 30.2S B3 4'J SW Pt.Cldy .00
%Valla Walla.. 30. 02 *0 W> W Pt.Cldy .00
Winnemucca .30.02 96 48 NE Clear .00
Yuraa 29.78 &0 CO W dear .00
CHICAGO, May 21. — Excellent growing
weather and large Australian shipments had a
depressing influence en the wheat market at
the opening, but the uncertainty of the situa
tion in the May, delivery held the bears In
check and prevented any considerable selling.
Initial sales on July showed a loss of %@Uc
at S0%@SC*4c. May was unchanged at 99c.
As the session advanced a number of bullish
factors came into prominence. A statistician
in an estimate of the world's shipments for the
week showed a large falling off. while at the
same time claiming a heavy decrease in the
visible supply. Later there was considerable
purchasing on a belief that the local stocks of
contract wheat would show quite a decrease
on Monday. The predominating influence
however, was the sale of a million bushels of
cash wheat at Minneapolis to country mjHers.
The market closed almost at the top -figures,
final prices for July being 8S%c after the price
had touched 88c. May closed %c higher at
S9%c.
During the early part of the session a bear
ish sentiment was manifested In corn, due to
Ideal weather conditions. Later in the day tho
market became firmer In sympathy with the
strength of wheat. July closed at 48%@4Si4c.
The feature of trading In oats was furnished
by delivery. July closed at 3SV4c
Provisions were easier on selling by packers
and outside liquidation. Lower prices at the
yards were the principal selling motives. Pork
closed 7%c lower, lard was down 2%@5c and
ribs were a shade off.
Future Grain and Provisiotis.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 180.1
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-Ib boxes — Loose Muscatel, 4 -crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown, 4c; Malaga,
loose. 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3-7ic; Thompson's
seedless, 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3%c; Seedless
Muscatels, Sljc; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins, lG-oz cartons, fancy, 5%c; choice. 6Uc:
12-O2 cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice. 4%c; in
bulk fancy, 6V4c; choice. 5c; Imperial clus
ters." $3; Dehesa, • $2 BO; fancy. $2; London
Layers 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%@14c;
No 2 ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@l3%c;
No! 2" 11©11%c; Almonds, ll%c for Nonpa
reils, ll%c for I X L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9V4c for Languedoc; Peanuts. e@7c for
Eastern: Pecans, lift V3c; Cocoanuts. $4 5C@5.
HONEY — Comb,. lHa©12%c for while and
lOfe'llc for amber; water white extracted. 5@
6c; light amber extracted, 44@5c; dark,
3 4 ©4c.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
As the season advances there are increasing
reports from the Santa Clara Valley, Sonoma
County and other large Prune growing dis
tricts in the central and northern part of the
State that the crop is not looking as well as
it did several weeks ago, and some reports
Indicate a greatly reduced yield ir< their local
sections. The feeling in the fruit Is strength
ening both here and In the East, and the recent
depression seems to be passing away, aa shown
by the Improvement in prices. There are not
many left outside of the Santa Clara Valley,
where the holdings are estimated at about 9000
tons.
Apricots are easier, as there is a disposition
to clear off stocks.
The New York markets are dotag better, as
will be seen in the first column.
FRUITS — Apricots. 8@10c for Royals 'and
QtQl'lc for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 4V<0
6c; sun-dried, S@l%c; Peaches. 7©9c:
Pears. 8%@12c; Figs, white. 2%@3c in boxes;
black 4%c; Plums, pitted. 5<i7%c per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2g2?4c for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 83,332 shares, valued at $33,973. the
leading sales being as follow*: Associated
Oil, 39.016 shares; Claremont. 4250; Independ
ence. 17.000; Monte Cristo. 1300; Occidental.
1200; Oil City. 17,900; Sovereign, 600; Twenty
eight. 623.
The New York and Honduras Rosario Mining
Company paid a dividend of 1 per cent yes
terday.
An assessment of 30c per share was delin
quent yesterday on the capital stock of tho
Masonic Temple Association of San Francisco.
The Ophlr Mining Company has received
$11,307 50 in settlement for the sale of four
carloads of ore and there are sixteen carloads
still on the way. or in process of sale.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAT. May 21—13 m.
UNTTED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.,106%1074 4» qr cp new.l324133U
4s qr reg...lO6%107% 3s qr coup... 105% 106%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. •
Ala A W 6s.l01 — Oak T Co 6».118%11»
Bay CPC Ss.101 — Do 5s .... — 112%
Cal C G 3s. — 103 Do con 6s. — 102%
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5«. 63 75
m & ct 5s. 81»4 — Om Cable 6s.l22 123
Cal-st C 5s.ll6%117*i Pac G Im 4v 89 —
C C Wat 6s. — 100% P E Ry 5s.lO4%105
Ed L & P 6s — 12S P & C H 6s.l04%105-
F & C H 6s.ll4% — P & O R 6s.ll6 —
Geary-st 5s.. — 82 Powell-st 69. — 114
H C&S 548.100 — Sac EC&R5s. — 93
Do 6s — M SF & SJV6s.ll« —
Hon R T 6s.lO4% — Sierra R 6s. — no
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 59.111% — (1909) 1<»
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 109 —
DO gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6«
Do gtd 5s. — 105 (1905)Sr A.101*l —
LAP lem 5s.lOO — (1905)Sr B.102%
Mkt-st C 6s. — 119V4 (1906) 104H104t&
Do lem 5«.113?4 — (1912) 114% —
MVi MtT5*.101V, — SPC 1 eg 6s.H0 —
NRR of C6s.l064107% Do stmpd.. — 108
Do 5s 116%117 S P n R e».131% _
N P C R 5s. — 106% S V Wat 6s. — 1C3
N C Ry 69.109 — Do 4s 2dm. — 90
N C P C 5s. 9S%102% Do 4« 3dm. — 100
N S R R 6s. — 07 |Stkn GAEOs. — 100
O OL&H fls.107 — U O * E 3s, — 103
O W gtd 6s. — „ — j
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 33 40 |Port Costa... — _
Marin Co... — 62%|S V Wat Co. 37% 33
GAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent L St. P. 3% — S F G & E. 60 «1
Mutual E L. 11% 13 Stkn O £ E. A *
Pac L Co... 56% — UO&ECo.— 33
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.300 310 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l25 — L P & A.... 130 160
Ar.glo-Cal .. $3% 86% Mer Trust.... 200 —
Bank of Cal.426%430 Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp.143 117% S F NatlonL — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S £ L.2275 — ISav & L So. — 10O
Hum S £ L. — — I Sec Sav Bk. — 430
Mutual Sav. ICO — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.623 — I «
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 I Presidio S>% —
Geary — 60 I
POWDER.
Giant 60%'61%|Vlgorit 4% 4«t;
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 25c IKilauea S C. 3 4
Hawaiian C. 49% — IMakawell C. 21 ft 21 K
Honokaa S C 12% 13 jOnomea 3 C. 24 27
Hutch S P C^^^lPaauha^S C . „,, u%
Alaska P A.133 140 (Oceanic S Co. — 414
Cal F C A. — 100% Pac Aux FA. 3 8^
Cal Wine A. — — I Pac C Borx.163 170
MV& MtTm.100 — |
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Paaubau S P Co 14 23
12 Pacific Lighting 57 qq
25 S F Gas £ Electric «i 00
10O Spring Valley Water Co 33 00
1C5 Spring Valley Water Co 37 75
50 Spring Valley Water Co, s 3. . 37 75
$1,CCO Bay Counties Power Co 5a.... 101 co
Street —
10 Spring Valley Water Co 33 23
$10,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d rntge)... 9S 67 Ji
I Chicago Board of Trade. ]
NEW YORK, May 21^ — The cotton market
closed at $12 54, a net loss of 2<J points.
NEW ORLEANS, May 21. — Cotton, steady;
middlings. 2754c.
Neiu York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON. May 21.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the J150.000.000 gold re
serve In the division of redemption, shows
available cash balances, $1G4, 390,216; gold.
$74,149,961.
Cash in Treasury.
<liOth Meridian— Paclflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 21. 5 p. m.
The followirjf are the seasonal rainfalls to
date- as compared with those or nn« date last
•cason and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last. This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Kurcka 0.00 63.79 51.13
•Tied Bluff 0.00 31.16 23.65
Facramir.to 0.00 16.35 16. €2
Fan Francisco 0.00 20.58 IS. 28
Fresno 0.00 8.04 S.50
• Independence Trace 2.57 2.34
Fan Luis Oblspo 0.O0 16.53 18.49
• Los Anpeles O.O0 S.72 19.29
£an Diego O.00 4.30 11.65
Weather Report.
NEW YORK, May 21. — Total Imports of dry
roods and general merchandise at this port
for the week ending to-day were valued at
J11.0S0.500.
Exports of specie from New York for the
week were $645,565 in sliver and $15,5S3,270
sold.
Imports of sr<ecle at New Tork during the
week were $213,832 gold and $45,436 in silver.
Exports ana" Imports.
There were some sales of Spring Valley
Water at lower quotations on the Bond Ex
change, the stock selling oft to $37 73. but
otherwise there was nothing new. Trading
was quiet and the oil and mining stocks were
also inactive.
A Quiet Saturday, With Very
Fciv Fluctuations.
NEW YORK. May 21. — The undertone of all
metal markets to-day was inclined to weak
ness and sentiment as a eeneral thing was
bearish. Trade was light. Lake and electro
lytic copper were quoted at $13@13 124; 'cast-
Ing, $12 «24<&12 S3. Tin. epot. $27@27 50.
Le-id. $4 00-64 C5. Spelter, $5 1*>S5 20. Iron
dull and nominally unchanged. Pig iron war
rants, spot, $3 25.
New York Metal Market.
Flour, qr sks .. 7,127[Screenlngs. sks. . 200
Wheat ctls 819| Hides. No 4.835
Barley, ctls .... 3,139jPelts. No 4,3fK{
Beans, sks 48! Leather, rolls .. 101
Potatoes, sks .. l.S5ft;Paper. reams .. 18
Onions sks ... 343|Wlne. gals .... 45.C5O
Middlings, sks.. VM Sugar, ctls 3.00O
Hay. tons 5321 Quicksilver, flks. HO
Straw, tons .... 28! Raisins, bxs ... 1,425
Wool, bales ... C9C1
f. OREGON.
Flour, qr eks ;. 7921
FOR SATURDAY. MAY 21.
Receipts of Produce.
Open. High.' Low. Close.
December ... 95 » 90% 05 86%
OATS — Closed the week dull and unchanged,
but steadily held.
White, *1 40<3>l 47%: Black. $1 22%©1 27%;
Red $1 27%@1 33; Gray, nominal.
CORN— Receipts from the West have fallen
off considerably during the past few days, and
as there is very little coming In from State
sources, the market naturally rules firm.
Prices show no change, however.
Western sacked. $1 45@1 47% for Yellow and
White and $1 45 for Mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 47%@1 62%; small round do. $1 650
1 60; White. $1 4501 47% per ctl; Egyptian.
$1 40©l 60 for white and $1 27%©1 30 for
brown.
RYE— Quiet and featureless at $1 3091 32%
per ctl
BUCKWHEAT— $1 7532 per ctl.
Feed. $1 CSifl 07% ; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 07%#l 10; Chevalier. $1 10®l 15 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 2y%4 $130 $1 29H $129%
BARLEY — The week closed with futures
somewhat higher, but the cash grain was In
active. Dealers are quoting a dull and weak
market for brewing and shipping grades at
prices lower than those heretofore ruling.
CASH BARLEY.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
California Club. $1 25@1 32%; California
White Australian, ?l 524@1 67% ; Northern
Club. $1 ."0'al 37%; Northern Bluestem, |1 SO
©1 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
WHEAT— Chicago advanced and closed
steady. The private report of Mitchell Mul
cahy & Co. from there said: "The tone was
again strong. There is an absence of selling
pressure from long Wheat and the bear ln
te r^* '.' an . y< 8cwns thoroughly cowed. The
whole situation is an unusual one. There is
a strong bullish sentiment on" the small stocks
of contract Wheat. The May Wheat is prac
tically cornered, with, we think, a conslderablo
long interest tailing on. Crop prospects are
Improving dally. The conditions which govern
the market ara almost purely speculative Min
neapolis reports large sales of Wheat to mill
ers yesterday, but in view of the very poor de
mand for Flour it would seem that millers are
providing for future wants more than Imme
diate requirements. The conditions are such
that a nervous and good scalping market for
the immediate future Is -likely, but we think
it Ehould be kept in mind that prices are pretty
high and the movement of the new crop is not
far off."
In this market futures were higher, but the
cash grain, though firm, was unchanged. There
Is a good milling demand for certain grades at
an advance over the quotations. The local
mills are also taking Oregon and Washington
and some Kansas Wheat for blending. There is
now a pood deal of Eastern Oregon and Wash
ington Wheat moving to Chicago on account
of the recent cut In northern overland freights,
which enables the northern Wheat to get a bet
ter price In Chicago than at San Francisco.
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Receipts of Strawberries exceeded 1400
chests and weft the heaviest for the season,
but the market cleaned up better than at any
time during the past week, as the consumptive
demand was stimulated considerably by the
warm weather and the previous low prices.
The best stock cleaned bp quickly at firmer
rates and some buyers paid a small premium '
for selected lots. The canners were still buy- i
Ing the large varieties at the minimum quota-.!
tion, but were unable to secure any great quan
tity. Crates from Florin were being forced for
sale and some poor lots were offered at 15c
per crate. Four crates of Loganberries, the
first of the season, came in from Fowler,
Fresno County. They contained 24 small
baskets each and sold at $2 25@2 50 per crate.
Raspberries from the south sold at 20025c per
small basket and Dewberries brought 74@1<*-
Gooseberries were offering freely and dragged
at easier rates. Cherries continued to arrive
freely and ruled weak, with the top quotation
obtainable only for exceptionally fine lots, 85o
being about the top for the general market.
Two crates of Watermelons, containing 20
melons in all, were received from Hermcsillo.
Mexico. They were large and well matured
and met with quick sale at 75c each. A draw
er of Currants from San Leandro brought $1 60.
The Orange market was weak for general of
ferings, the demand being limited and confined
chiefly to small sizes of fancy fruit. Large
sizes of all grades were being offered freely at
low rates, in some Instances below the quota
tions, but moved slowly, aa buyers were too
busy with Cherries and Berries.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@6 per chest for Long
worths and 2g3 50 for the larger varieties;
crates from Florin. 25iSo0c. I
GOOSEBERRIES— Common. 2C@25o per
drawer and 2:2224c per lb In bulk; English,
10©12%c per lb.
CHERRIES — C5c@$l per <rawer for choice
red and black and 35@60c for white; In bulk,
4@Cc per lb
APRICOTS— $1 50 per box.
APPLES— $1©2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 739
2 50 for fancy. H 50@l 75 for choice and $19
1 50 for standard; Seedlings, $1 lOSl 25: Tan-^
gerlnes, $1 50: Lemons, $2 50ig'2 75 for
fancy. $1 50(31 75 for choice and *1@1 25 for
'standard: Grape Fruit. $1 5f>.ri~ for seed
less and $1@1 30 for ordinary; Mexican Limes.
*5@5 00 per case; Bananas. $2@3 per bunch for
Central American and $162 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples. $2®3 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Late mail advices from New York ray
"ANo'jt the only feature of any interest in
this market on Saturday was afforded by tele
graphic advices indicating that the damage
done to the crop cf Oregon Italian Prunes by
unfavorable weather conditions has been very
h<-a\y. In declining a bid of lc basis on five
cars of 40-5f«s and 50-603 a' prominent seller
aysiifns as the reason that he believes that
•^tvre»u*e cf the serious injury done the crop it
* wiJI not be 20 per cent of that of last year.
fio far the spot market has not been affected.
Stock is paid to be procurable on the spot here
* . on a lc basis, but we do not hear that more
than raising interest is shown by buyers, and
etle* are on the Jobbing order. Hanta Clara
i'rum-s of good quality are selling in small
• leu on the «•:¦.! on a 2%4c basis. The demand
h*s ithown cor.slderable Improvement during
the past few daye. but buyers are interested
only In covering the wants of the moment. The
market still has an easy undertone and prices
vary according to seller and quantity. A rery
fair jobbin? demand is noted for Apricots and
Reaches, but larger lots seem to offer no at
tractions to buyer*. Stocks are moderate and
are held -with confidence, as it Is claimed that
they cannot be replaced from the coast at
. prices now ruling here. Occasional sales of
carload lots of outside loose Raising for ship
ment from the etian at about a quarter of a
cent under association rrtces are reported, but
the bulk of the business passing here at pres
ent in in *mall lots to keep up assortments.
and most of the pales are of seeded stock at
some concession from quoted prices." .
Dried Fruits in New York.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. Si km:
Sterling Exchange, sight ...„?:: _ 4 f 7^
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 b<j
New York Exchange, sight 05
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic 07 «
Silver per ounce 551?
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 q
Exchange and Bulliotu
I LOCAL MARKETS.
T-ooa! Bank Clearings for the week just
•nded were f2S.105.364. againet $26,759,701 for
the game week last year, showing an increase
cf 11,343.663 The clearings for the corre
sponding week in 1902 were f21.3>S>,7S8.
Bank Clearings.
TACOMA. May 21.— WHEAT— Unhanged*
bluestem, S3c; club, 73c. '
WASHINGTON
PORTLAXD, May 21. — WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 72c; bluestem. SOc; valley. SOc.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
As the 2Sth falls on Saturday, and Monday,
the 30th, is a legal holiday. It has been de
cad**! to make Friday, the 27th. the last col
lecticn <iay this month.
Change in Collection Day.
LONDON. May 21. — Holiday on the Stock
Exchange. Bar silver uncertain at 23 7-16d 
money. 1@14 »er cent. , '
Discount rates, short bills, 2 per cent; three
months bills, 2#2 1-16 per cent.
London Market.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchtson 7.100 69% 68Vi «•!*
Atchison pfd 200 92 92 92
Baltimore & Ohio. 1.S00 78^ 78 78%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 9O»4 90% »OVa
Canadian Pacific... 300 117?, 117 117^
Cent of New Jersey 157
Cresapeake & Ohio. 100 30 30 30
Chicago & Alton... 200 37«i 37\ 37H
Chi tc. Alton pfd SOH
Chi tt Gt Western. 100 15 15 14? s
Cbl & N W 169
CW M & St Paul.. 7,400 140}i 139% 14Oii
Chi M & St P pfd 173»a
Chi T«nn &. Trans 8
Chi T & T pfd 300 1714 17 17
C C C t Ft L C9
Colorado Southern 15
Colo So l*t rfd 51
Colo So 2d pfd 500 21 2O s 4 20"&
Delaware & Hud.. 600 155 13iVi 153' 4
Del Lack & West 267'4
Denver &. Rio G li'Mi
Denver & R G pfd 65%
Erie 4.200 24H 23^ 2.{
Eri3 1st pfd.A 2.200 19\ 59 5H%
Krie 2d pfd 500 35W S5 35^j
Hocking Valley W)
Hocking Valley pfd I'^h
Illinois Central.... 100 129^4 129U 129
Iowa C'-ntxal lt>>4 "
Iowa Central pfd .... 3.'>
Kansas City Po !*?*«
K C So pfd 3SV«
Louisville & Nash.. 400 108 lOTVi 107Hi
Manhattan L W-0 1434 142% 1«%
Met Securities 500 77 »g "W 1?
Met St Ry 900 111 110% 110%
Minn & St Louis 40
M St P & S Ste M. 100 62>£ 62Vi «2Vj
M S P & S S M Pfd HS%
Mexican Central .. 800 7?4 ~\i 7«- 4
Missouri Pacific... 1.2CO 9Oi, 00 »0i»
Mo Kan & Tex KM) 15% ].'.% 15%
Mo K & T pfd 100 33»j 33Va 35%
Nat RIt of Mex pfd 3«
New York Central. SCO 114^ 1144 114S
Norfolk & Wertom 100 S6V4 l§\i 564
Norfolk & W pfd M
Ontario A Western 800 21 >4 21 21V4
Pennsylvania ll.SOO 114V* ll^Va 1144
Pitts C C & St L '65
Reading ll.lOJ 41 41!fc 43%
Reading 1st pfd " V 4
Reading 2d pfd •• 61
Rock Island Co.... 3,?.00 2Ui 20 21Vb
Rock Island Co pfd 200 65 *V4% 644
St L & S F 2d pfd 100 45 45 44%
St Louis S W 12H
StXouIsS Wpfd.. • 324
Southern Pacific... 4,000 46% 45-^ 4fU4
Southern Railway. 700 2O«i 20% 204
Southern Ky r-fd... 200 82% 82% 824
Texas & Pacific... 100 21 21 20%
Toledo St Li W.. K<") 24 U 244 24
T St L & W pfd... 100 37% 37% 374
Union Pacific 11,800 S33, S3H *3%
Union Pacific pfd 914
Wabash 17
Wabash pfd «00 34% 33% 34%
Wheeling & L E 15
¦VVUcorsln Centml. 1<*> 17 17 17
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 100 39 33 3S4
Express Companies —
Adams 200 224 224 223
American 187
United States 100
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 10,000 50 49»i 49%
Am Car & Foundry 400 17 17 17
Am Car t F Dfd 70
Am Cotton Oil 264
Am Cot Oil pfd 4 85
Am Ice 6%
Am Ice pfd .¦ 26%
Am Linseed Oil ... .... 7
Am Lin OU pfd 2S
Am Locomotive ... 1.SO0 1»'4 18>4 19
Am Locarno pfd .. 400 82% S2 82%
Am Smelt & Ref.. O00 4I>U 49 49
Am Smelt & R pfd 1,000 95«4 95 85H
Am Sugar Refining 900 126% 125U 126
Anaconda Mln Co 74*4
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 8,700 464 45% 46%
Colo Fuel t. Iron 2SV4
Consolidated Gas .. 500 203% 209 209
Corn Products 11>J
Corn Products pfd CS
Distillers Secur 20H
General Electric 155
Internat Paper 10^i
Internat Paper pfd 65
Internat Pump 37
Internat Pump pfd 70
National Lead 100 19'4 19U 19
North American .. 100 82 82 R0
Paclflc Mall 200 26>,4 2<5 26',4
People's Gas 300 95T« 85X4 95
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 254 2*>4 254
Pressed S Car pfd 66%
Pullman Pal Car 2094
Republic Steel 200 64 «4 «U
Republic Steel pfd 38%
Rubber Goods :... 15
Rvbber Goods pfd 77
Tenn Coal A: Iron.. 1,900 83% 33% 33%
U S Leather 100 6% 6% 6%
U S Leather pfd 79
tJ S Realty 1.500 7* 7H 7*4
U S Realty pfd ••• 2.800 63 62 62%
U 9 Rubber 300 16% 16% 1«4
U S Rubber pfd... 100 67 67 C64
USFM.... 8.000 0U 0% »U
U S Styl pfd .... 2.700 M% 53 . 54%
Westlngfese Elect.. ..- -•• •••• 1£>
Western Union ... WO 87«4 88% 87>4
Total sales ...148,700
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, May 21. — No bond transactions
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common. bH 3".i. aeked 4}%; preferred, bid
344. asked 35.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2j reg.. 104%|L & N trifled 4s. 100%
Do coupon 104%lMan coti gold 4s. 103
Do 3s reg 105% Mex Cent 4s 66
Do coupon 105% IX> 1st inc 134
Do new 4s regl324 Minn A St L 4s.. 96
Do coupon 1324 M. K * Tex 4s.. 100
Do old 4s re«. 106% Do 2il« 77
Do coupon 106% NR of Mex con 4s 74
Atch g«n 4s 101 N V C gen 34s.. 09%
Do adj 4s ..... 91% N J C gen Ss 1314
Atlantic C L 4s. 85 No- Pac 4s 1044
r-ai & Ohio 4s.;. 101 Do 3.1 73
Do 34s 95% Nor &. W con 4s. 98%
Central of Ga Ss.106% OSL ¦»* & partlc. 94%
Do 1st Inc 74%|Pa ccnv 3%s 84%
'Vet & Ohio 4%s.lO.'i% I Reaftin-' gen 4s... 08%
Ch: & Alton S4s. 784 SL Sc I M con 5s.ll4
C. B A- Q new 4s. 94% S L A- S F fg 4s. 82
C.M & SP en 4S.1O-M4 St Lcujs SW lsts. ftl'.i
C & NW con 78.129 feaboarti A L 4a. 70
C R I & Pac 4s. 69 So Pac 4s 91^
Do col 6s 79% So Railway 5s.... 115%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01 Tex & Pac Ist«..118i4
Chi Term 4a.... 7* T. St I. L W 4s. 70
Cons Tobacco 4s.. &9% Union Pacific 4s. 104%
Cclo & So 4s.... 64 Do conv • 4s 97
C F & I con 5s. 70=4 U 8-£te** 2d Bs.. 75U
Den & Rio O 4s. 98% Wabash lsts 115%
, Erie prior lien 4s. t)S Do deb B 67%
Do gtn 4s 85% W & L Erie 4s... 89%
F W A DC lsts.106% Wis Cent 4s ©0%
Hock Vfti 4%s....lO7%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. '
A£sms Con 20! Little Chief 05
Alice S3. Ontario 3 50
New York Stocks and Bonds.
CHEESE— SSStfe for good to choice new
and 6@7c for lower grades; Young Americas,
«©9>4c; Eastern. 12>a®14c; Western, ll®12c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 18@19c for fair to choice;
6tore, 16@18c; Eastern, nominal.
Butter closed the week firmer. In spite of
the recent very heavy receipts, the Alaskan
orders, eo frequently alluded to of late, to
gether with the appearance of Los Angeles
in this market as a liberal buyer, have cut
down spot stocks to such a degree that the
receivers are enabled to do better with the
goods. Butter Is selling better in cubes than
In squares, however, aa the Los Angeles order*
are calling for cubes, hence a large portion of
the current receipts are In the form of cube3.
Cheese remain* as before quoted, with, stocks
still excessive. %
The prevailing hot weather has a tendency
to strengthen ranch and weaken store Eggs,
and if it continues the range between the two
descriptions will probably widen. At present
there is little variation, however, though there
is more steadiness observable in ranch descrip
tions.
Receipts were 10(5,900 lbs Butter, 1424 cases
Eggs ami 18,000 lbs Cheese
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 18^@19c
for extras and 17%@18c for firsts; dairy. 16@
l'Yjc; store Butter, 13@15c; cold storage, nom
inal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SEATTLE, Wash.. May 2L— Clearings, $518,
08$; balances. $69,837.
TACOMA. May 21.— Clearinjcs. $286,318; bal
ances. $72,383.
PORTLAND. Ore.. May 21.— Clearings.
$354,078; balances. $26,037.
SPOKANE, May 21.— Clearing*. $335,705;
balances $89,034.
Northern Business.
PEACHES — Are still in fair demand and
firm at 7V4©7^ic for choice, 7%@8c for extra
choice and 9'iQlOc for fancy.
PRUNES — Remain more or less unsettled
and irregular. Prices ranged from 4c to Sc,
according to grade.
, APRICOTS — Are moving in small lots -within
the following quotations: Choice. 9>4@10c;
extra choice, 10U@10Hc: fancy, 11013c
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
meeting with a 'moderate but steady demand
and prices are well maintained. Common are
quoted at 4fJ5^4c: prime, 5*8<g5*4c; choice,
tiU^e^c; fancy, 7S7&C. ,
DRIED FRUITS
Options opened easy, closing *4®?sO higher.
May closed 99*4c; July, 82V«@92*4c closed
S'J'jhc; September. 83 ll-16<gS4c. closed 84'4c;
December, 84@S4%c, closed S4c.
HOPS— Steady. Galveston. 20 to 25 lbs,
ISc; California. 21 to 23 lbs, 19c; Texas dry,
24 to 30 lbs. 14e.
WOOL — Steady. Domestic, 21@23c.
PETROLEUM — Easy. Refined New York.
$3 10: Pennsylvania and Baltimore. $S S3;
Pennsylvania and Baltimore in bulk, $3 20.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining; 3 7-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3 15-16c; molasses sugar.
3 3-lCc: refined, firm; No. 6, 4.50c: No. 7.
4.43c: No. 8. 4.40c; No. 9, 4.35c; No. 10. 4.30c;
No. 11. 4.25c; No. 12, 4.20c; No. 13, 4.15c: No.
14. 4.10c: confectioners' A. 4.75c; mold A,
5.25c; cutloaf, 5.60c: crushed. 5.6Oc; powdered,
5.23c: granulated, 4.00c; cubes. 5.15c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. easy: No. 7 invoice,
Cic; mild, quiet: Cordova, lO313c The mar
ket for coffee futures closed barely steady,
net B to 15 points lower. Sales, 32,730 bags,
li.cluding: July, 5.75i35.80c; September, 5.93-9
6c: December. 6.20#6.23c; January. 6.25<y
6.30c, and March, 6.50c.
NEW YORK. May 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,744; exports, 2665 barrels; quiet, with little
business reported. Minneapolis patents,
$5 2.v<i5 35; Minnesota bakers, $4@4 23; winter
ra.tt-nts>. f5 10@5 40: winter straights, $4 90^
5 05; winter extras, $4 35@5; winter low
grades. $3 l."Q3 50.
WHEAT— Receipts, 20,300. Spot, firm; No.
2 red, nominal elevator; No. 2 red, nominal f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 03 f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal f.
o. b. afloat. >¦
New York Grain and Produce.
The stock week closed with a much better
feeling in Wail street, due to the unexpected
r*od showing made by the bank statement.
The private advice* of Mitchell. Mulcahy &
Co. «ald: '"The bank statement has fooled the
.whole street and produced a decidedly bullish
reaction, with many predictions of a better
market. -.The recent brarith views are being
c.ofiifled. It is the imr-ression that gold ex
'jicrts are Rearing their end and that we have
¦ eeen the worst of the bank statements."
• The cause of this rather amusing revulsion
In e^rjtlment was a decrease of $22,000,000 !n
loses. It may b«? remarked In passing that it
.was accompanied by a decrease of $29.000,00<»
In, deposits and a decrease in the reserve of
$;.34'J.(C5.
Wall Street Feels Better.
mercantile paper. 3*44T4^4 per cent. Sterling
exchange was steady, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4.SC65@4.8670 for demand and
at I4.S4S0S4.84S5 for eixty-day bills. Posted
rates, $4 S3Vs©4 86 and $4 67^@4 S3. Com
mercial bills. $4 84g4 64%. Bar silver. Mtgc
Mexican dollars. 44c. Bonds — Governments,
steady; railroads, firm.
ST. LOUIS. May 21.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium gradns, combing and clothing. 17@21e;
light fine, 14!ffl7c; heavy, 13314c; tub washed,
2K&31HC.
St. Louis Wool Market.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7*i©
~%c per lb; White Lead. 7 }4®7%c.- according
to quantity.
SUGAR — Th» "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed^ 5.95c;
Powdered. S.SOc; Candy Granulated. S.Stte; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6.70c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.70c; Fruit Granulated. 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.60c: Confectioners'
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A. 5.30c; Extra C. 8.20e;
Golden C. 6.10c; "D," 6c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50- lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.20c: boxes, -6.45c; H. A E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
BAGS— Grain Bags. Z\c spot and 8*»c Jane-
July; San Quentln, $5 40; Wool Bags. 32335c;
Fleece Twine. 7©Sc.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New "Wel
lington. $S: Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $0: Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond
$7 50; Cumberland.* $13 In bulk and $14 25 la
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50: Cannel. $S 50 per ton; Coke.. $11 50^13
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2C00 lbs and $12 80
per Ions ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrel*; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil In cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' A A. $1 1OS1 12; Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 60@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon and 35c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 6Sc: natural winter Sperm Oil. 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. S7c; natural Whal*
Oil, 62c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c; pure Neatsfcot Oil. 73c;
No 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c; light Herring Oil.
42c"; dark Herring Oil. 40c; Salmon Oil. 34c;
boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 33c; boiled
Paint Oil 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In btiilc.
14c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 2OHc; Astral. 20^c;
Star. 20VjC: Extra Star. 24Hc; Elaine. 26V»c;
Eocene. -3<-sc; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 16c; in cases. 22Hc; Benzine, in bulk.
13c: in cases, 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, la
bulk. 25c; In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon m cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK. May 21. — The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans $1,056,533,500,
decrease $22,375,100; deposits $1.100,5CC,100, de
crease $29,040,300; circulation $36,480,400, in
crease $176,700; legal tenders $75,143,000, In
crease $1,046,400; specie $21O,O02,S0O, decrease
$\131,7OO; reserve $2SS,545.S00 decrease $".
063.300; reserve required $275,141,525. decrease
$7,262,365; surplus $13,004,275, Increase $177,
023: ex-United States deposits $10,714,625, de
crease $1,340,825. •
Associated Banks' Statement.
Prices of Poultry were unchanged and there
was continued firmness in large chickens.
Small stock, particularly snail Broilers, were
weak, but moved oft fairl* at the low prices,
and a* receipts were light there was very little
left on hand at the close. A car of Western
is expected for to-morrow's market. Game was
unchanged. Only ten sacks came in.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 14@15c per lb:
Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75; Goslings, $1 75©
2 25: Ducks. $4 60@5 50 per dozen for old and
$5 50#« for young; Hens. $6®7 for large and
iMio CO for small; younr Roosters, $7 50#
S 50: old RooBters, $4 50g5; Fryers, $5#6 00:
Bmilen*, $3 5O@4 for large and $2@2 50 for
smalrr Pigeons. $1 2o@l 50 per dozen for old
and $1 50@l -75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 50 per do«n; Rabbits.
$1 25£2 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Opening ••• 27 80 27 65
Closing 27 30 27 60
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — May. July. Sept.
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening » 21 25 20 60
Closing 2125 20 45
Flour —
Foreign Futures.
I I 7
I Miscellaneous Markets. |
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, lei* 50
per cent for shrinkage for Cattle.
CATTLE — Steers. 7%©3Hc; Cows and Heir
ers VVj&'c; thin Cows, 435c per lb.
CALVES — *@4»4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 33404c; Ewes. 8S3%0
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50i@2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 20O lbs. 6Uc;
over 200 lbs, 454c: soft Hogs, nominal; Bows.
20 per cent off; Boars, JiO per cent off, and
Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotations.
Wholesale *atea from slaughterer! t» dealen
are as follows:
BEEF— 0te©7Ue for Steers and 6®6o per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7®Sc; small. Sff»« p«r lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7gSc; Ewii, 6*aS7H<»
per lb.
LAMB— 8H<n>c per lb.
rORK— Dressed Hogs. G^SS^c p«r lb.
Both live and dressed Hogs ar» lower, as
the market is oversupplied. The other descrip
tions are unchanged.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
Wall-street Stocks higher mi a good bank statement.
Cotton rather firmer on the day.
Local Stocks and Bonds continue featureless.
. Bank Clearings shenv an increase over last year.
J<ext Collection Day changed to the 27th.
Eastern Oregon and Washington sending their Wheat to Chicago.
Barky quiet, with shipping and brewing grades neglected.
Silver end Excluinge as previously quoted.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet and without feature.
Hay steady. Bran and Millsfitffs firm.
Nothing nezv in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes continue depressed, zisith stocks increasing daily.
Onions still lower. Vegetables in good demand.
Poultry viarkct well cleaned up at the close.
Receipts of Strawberries the heaviest of the season.
. Oranges weak and slozu at unchanged prices.
Prunes doing better, with increasing crop damage reports.
Provision market still in unsatisfactory shape everywhere.
Hogs again declined under a light demand.
Butter and Eggs steadier, but Cheese still depressed.
CHICAGO. May 21.^-CATTLE — Receipts;
1500: steady; good to prime steers, $5 20®5 70;
poor to medium. $4 2535 20; stockers and feed
ers $3 2504 60: cows, $1 5O@4 65; heifers,
52 C0@4 85; canners. $1 60@2 75; bulls, $2 25®
4 23- calves, $2 50@H 75; Texas fed steers,
$4f/-4 60.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 20,000; Monday, 13,
00O- 5c lower; mixed ana butchers. $4 GfKft
4 77^- good to choice heavy, $4 70@4 80; rough
heavy $4 5304 63; light. $4 603* 70; bulk of
sales. $4 60«?4 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000; sheep steady lambs
strong: good to choice wethers, $5*35 60; fair
to choice mixed, $3 75®5; Western sheep, $4 75
@5 60; Western lambs, clipped, $4 60®0 40;
Western lambs, wooled, $5@6 25.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
Money — U S Steel 9*i
Call loans 3@3& Do pfd 5414
Time loans 4@5 I Vesting Common. 77
Bonds — Mining —
Auhison 4s ICOVi Adventure 1%
. Do adj 4s 91 Allouez 4
Mex Central 4s... C5*£ Amal Copper .... 49T»
Railroads — Amer Zinc 9*£
Atrhlson C9U Atlantic 7><i
Do pfd 02 Pingham 20%
licfton & Albany. 243 Calumet & Hecla.4C0
Pcston & Maine. .1«««4 Ontennlal ....... 19Vi
Boston Elev 140 Copper Range.... 4'2Vf
Kxtchburg pfd 137 Daly West 22%
M«x Central 0*4 » m Coal t'2
N Y. N H & H..1S6U Franklin 7*4
Pere Marquette... 78 Grancy 3%
Union Paclflc 8356 Isle Royale C
Miscellaneous — Stars Mining .... 3*4
Amer Arge Chem. 14 Michigan 1 4
I»o pfd 72% Mchawk 40
Atr<=r Pneu Tube. 4'i Mont Coal & Coke 4
Amer Sugar 125*4 Old Dominion 11%
Do pfd :..125*i Csceola 5G
Amer Tel & Tel.l24»i Parrot 24
Amer Woolen ... 10Vi Guincy 80*4
Do pfd 74 >j, Shannon 7
Dom Iron & S... 10 Tamarack 90
Ed Elect Ilium. ..235 Trinity .*... 3%
Gen Electrio 154 U S Mining .... 19!fc
Hats Electric IS U •< Oil 94
Do pfd 70 Utsh 33Vj
Mass Gas 40'4 Victoria 3%
UUted Fruit 110}; V/iiona 8%
Un Shoe Mach... 49 Wolverine 70
Do pfd 2S>i
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, May 21. — On the Produce Exchange
to-day the butter market was easy. Creamer
ies, 14&18H; dairies, 12@17c Eggs, steady at
mark, cages included, 15*4@15Hc. Cheese,
easy; new goods, 7»4@9>4c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 4%@7c per lb;
Rhubarb, 50@S5c per box; Green Peas. 75c©
$1 25 per sack; String Beans, .'.Stic per lb; Wax
Beans, €'q~c per lb; Tomatoes, $1 50S1 75 per
box or crate for Los Angeles and $1 50*
Si- for Mexican (repacked): Summer Squash,
50<S65c per box; Cabbage. $1 50 per ctl; Car
rots, 50c per sack; Cucumbers. 50c@$l per
dozen; Garlic, nominal; Egg Plant, 12Vi$>
15c per lb; Dried Peppers. 8@10c for sun
dried and 12Vi®13c per lb for evaporated; Dried
Okra. 12'4'915c per lb; Green Peppers, 7010c
per lb for Los Angeles and 12U@13c for Mexi
can; Marrowfat Squash, Jobbing at ljjgl'c
per lb.
Trade in miscellaneous vegetables was
brisk, aa usual on Saturday, and previous
prices ruled for most descriptions. Receipts
of Asparagus still exceeded trade wants and
surplus stocks were, bought up by, the can
ners. who paid i\bc for No. 2 and 0c per
round for No. 1. Peas did better under de
creased receipts and some fancy lots of garden
commanded a premium. The canners secured
a small quantity at or near the minimum quo
tation. Egg Plant and Summer Squash from
the south were weaker. Cucumbers were re
ceived from Arizona - and sold within the
quoted range.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, $1®
1 20 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 20(gl 60
per ctl; River Reds, $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed. $1 25@1 35 per ctl;
new Potatoes. l«4Jf2c per lb.
ONIONS — Australian Yellow. $5 per ctl: new
Red, 85c@$l per sack; new Green, 25@3oc per
box.
The Potato market continued very weak, as
stocks of old Burbanks are unwieldy and the
receipts of new are increasing every day. Deal
ers v.-ere Inclined- to force sales of . old stock
and large buyers could have bought at con
cessions. . Occasional sales of new 'were re
ported at a slight advance over the top quo
tation, but the general market was weak and
there was a liberal quantity on hand at the
close. New Onions were weak and prices had
a further decline.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
©0 25; short clear sides (boxed). $6 25<3'6 50;
whisky, basis of high wines,' $1 2S; clover, con
tract grades 510 75.
Articles — ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels .".' 34,700 25,000
Wheat, bushels 15.000 147.400
Corn bushels 130,900 '• 32.1,300
Oats,' bushels 181,300 204,400
Rye bushels 7,000 2,500
Barley, bushels 44,000 " 6,700
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles.
$3 25; Green Peas. $303 25.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about }i©lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. OVsC; medium. 8V»c; light. 8c; Cow
Hide*. 8c for heavy and Sc for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip. J»c; Sa'.ted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf • lie; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf 18c; Sheepskins, shearllnss. 25630c each;
short Wool. -JOSCoc each; medium. 70690c; loos
Wool. $1@1 50: Horse Hides, salt. »2 73 for
large and $-"5'- SO for medium, $1 25<81 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $101 23
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 23c; dry
Central American. 30S32'5e- Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 6Oc;
medium. 3T>c; small. 20e. ,„_.,. _
, TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4y,©4»4c per lb;
No 2 3&©4e; grease. 2»i@3c.
WOOL— Spring Clip— San Joaquln and South.
ern 12 months' OSllc; do 7 months'. &9IO0
per* lb- Middle Counties. 12016c for free and
1101 Jc for defective; Northern. 15«l7c for free
and 13@13c for defective; Nevada. 12®13c. ac
cording to condition.
HOPS— 24£27c per lb for California. 1903,
and 17^{£.2Cc for crop of 1004.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL\ SUNDAY. MAY 22, 1904.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW TOnK. Slay 21.— Money on call was
eary and nominal; no loans. Time loans were
firm, with sixty and ninety day bills at M&.iv,
per cent; *:x months, Z%®L per cent. Priae
New York Money Market.
CHICAGO. May 21. — Cash quotations were aa
follows: Flour, steady; winter patents. $4 70®
4 80; straights. (1 40<§4 CO; spring patents
14 30@4 60; straights. $3 90@4 10; bakers', $2 B5
03 30: No. 2 spring wheat. o.VSltOc: No. 3, 86®
*7c; No. 2 red, $1 O5@l 00; No. 2 corn. 49c;
No. 2 yellow. 61%652c; No. 2 oats. 41^i@i2c;
No. 3 white, 40^©44c: No. 2 rye, 77c;- good
feeding barley 35@38c; fair to choice maltlrw,
4.">@56c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1; No. 1 Northwestern
$100; prime timothy seed, $3 05; mess pork,
per barrel, $10 90@10 05; lard,, per 100 pounds
$o'15& >S17hi: short ribs sides (loose), ?Gl-'«i
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
41
AUCTION SALES
AT AUCTION.
150 Head of
Trotting Bred and
Other Horses,
Younr Stallions. Registered Mares.
Standard Bred Mares,and Geldinss. -
The get of James Madison 17.900. Knlsfct
10.557 and Bay Bird 8374,
Bred by the
Rancfao Del Paso Land Co.
To be Sold at Auction at
AGRICULTURAL. PARK, SACRAMENTO.
TUESDAY, 7lAY 24, 1904
Commencing at 10:30 a. m.
Horse* will be at the Park Sunday and Hob-
day before the Sale.
SALE POSITIVE. TERMS CASH.
JOHN MACKEY. Superintendent.
fca*. <S». £a*
50 AUCTION SALE 5Q
Of 39 head of DRAFT HORSES. tnc!udln«
PURE BRED NORMANS and SHIRE3.
Also 11 head of STANDARD BRED COLTS.
FILLIES and ROADSTERS. Including a trot-
ter than can show a mile In 2:30. weight 1200.
and gentle, sired by Diablo, Gosslper. Fa!roa»
and Alex Button. This consignment Is a grand
lot of choice, high grade animals. The draft
horses weigh from 140O to 1S0O pounds; th«
wagon horses from l."O to 140O pounds, and
all are fat and ready for Immediate, uae.
Thes« horses ara suitable for ranchers, orchard.
lsts. breeders, wholesale butchers, draymen,
brewers, etc. In this lot are a number of pur*
bred Shire and Norman fillies that ar» hard to
excsl. An inspection by prospective buyers is
Invited. This stock is from the well known
ranch of William Brockman. Susanvtlla. Laasea
Co.. Cal. Sale take« place
TUESDAY EVENING. MAT 24. 1304.
At 7:43-O'clock.
At Salesymrd. 1732 Market st.. near Tan Xeas
ave., San Francisco.
Hones at yard May 2L Send for catalogue,
> FRED H. CHASE ft CO.
Llvo Stock Auctioneers.
; #\ By order of WILLIAM ALENTJER of
>:r!* 8ap Job*. I will sell 2 carloads of GOOD
ALL-PURPOSE HORSES, also CAMP. EX-
PRESS and PEDDLING WAGONS, all kinds
( of SURRIES. BUGGIES. CARTS, and 80 SETS
| SINGLE and DOUBLE HARNESS, at 1140
! FOLSOM ST.. TUESDAY. May 24. 11 a, m.
WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
£ft -£r* i*&
AT AUCTION. MON-DAY. May 23. 1904. at
11 o'clock, at GROVE-STREET STABLES. 123 -
GROVE ST.. a lot cf well-broken horse*.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
.
^
%THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; MAY 22. 1.004.
42
REAL KSTATR— CITY— -VOR SALS.
BALDWIN &. HOWELL.
2S Post street. .
Keal Estate Agents and Auctioneers— Rents
Collected—Loans Negotiated.
City Agents for Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
Publishers of the "Buyer and Seller." a
monthly paper devoted to the Interest of
real estate owners and those Intending to in-'
vejt. Contains a full list of property for
sale. Free on application.
$3,000— Reduced from $0500 for immediate
pale; large lot. 27:6x120 to rear street;
2 flats on Hayes st. of 0 and 7 rooms
and bath each, and cottage on Linden
ave.; monthly Income $C8 80.
— ___ 1
$3,000— An offer wanted; large N. W. corner,
80x114; Sanchez and Djincan et. ; suit-
able for a builder; will subdivide into
4 large lota.
$12.000— Frederick st.. nr. Ashbury: new build-
Ing of :i flats of 6 rooms and bath each;
rentb $112 50 per month; lot 25x103.
I — —
$S, 200— Eddy i»t., N. E. corner business prop-
' erty; price reduced for immediate sale;
j large lot. 23x100; store and flats; rents
' $73 per month.
1 .
$C,000~Polk Bt.; 2 flats of 4 and 8 rooms and
bath each; rents $47 50 per month.
1 $4,200— Cftlifornta-nt. building lot: sunny side;
splendid frontage; 27:0x132:0; *Me
sewer to curb line; cheapest lot on the
street. 1
1 j
; fl.tcn — Pun«et District: S cottages of 3 and 4
rooms each; convenient to the can;
\ *hcrt dlst Alice from the Park; price
$11CO each; lots 23x120.
¦ j
I $4.500 — Hc.use of 6 rooms on Wlllard st.; rear I
• entrance for team or automobile; un- '
Furp-issed view of city, bay, Park and '
ocean.
i ''¦
BRANCH OFFICE OF
j BALDWIN «c HOWELL.
Corner II etreet and Seventh avenue,
Fronting Golden Gate Park.
Offlce open every day. Including Sundays
and holiday*. Horee and phaeton to I show !
property: splendid line of choice building •
lot* In Sunset District, Parnassus Heights
and Rlchrrmnd.
Term?— $50 to $100 cash.
PROPERTY OWNERS.
Parlies owning property In Richmond and (
Funset districts will find it to their advan-
tage to list their property with us, either for .
«ale or rent. We have sn offlce right on the ;
i ground to facilitate business. Open every
day in the year. II st. and Seventh ave.
CHOICE BUILDINO LOTS.
BEST REMnKNCK DISTRICT LV THE
WESTERN ADDITION.
$6750— Washington st., neai? Buchanan; 2 lots.
•1Pxl27:Sti: improvements adjacent and
large space between the property and
adjoining house: to be sold by order of j
truBtef*. j
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post street.
MADISON ft BURKE,
; 30 Montgomery street.
! AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
! TUESDAY MAY 31. 1901 j
At 12 o'clock, noon. !
i COR. MONTGOMERY AVE. AND BROAD-
WAY.
j Modem 4-*tory and basrment building contain-
ing ."? stores. 3 floor* al»ove of SO rooms: large
concrete basement; rental $.115 per month. j
TAYLOR- PTRF.ET CORNER, '
' 517-5174 Taylor st.. bet. Post and Geary: old
J Improvement*.; renting *(V"> per month; loca- 1
tlcn In demand for modern building. j
FACTORY OR WAREHOUSE SITE.
j Stevenson *t., bet. !>th and 10th: has frontage
Of 75 feet and runs to Jessie St.. en which it
fronts f>0 fe*t. J
LARGK MARKET-ST. LOT. I
South side Market rt.. 7!» feet west of 12th: 75
feet front on Market st. by depth of lf>5 feet
through to Jessie *t. : property with grand
futurt?. I
i . j
DEVIPADKRO-ST. BUSINESS.
. lSift-lSt4 Dovisa.Iero st.. bet. Bu*h and Pine: !
i new bulldlntr of store and flats; annnal rental ,
$IUW>; lot 3ftcS2:t5; also lot adjoining. 30xS2:6. j
1"I ATS COR. POST AND STEINER STS.
" N.K. ror. Pr.st ond Stelner Ms.: 6 new up-to- J
ilate Hats; run in every rocm; facing Hamll- j
ton Park. ;
BUSlVfEM CORNKR.
t N.W. '.-nr. Montgomery ave. and Lombard St.; !
I !>trr» and h--tipi\ lfl rocm« above; full base- j
ment extending under rldewalk.
MONTGOMERY AVE. AND TAYLOR ST.
> Three substantial modern flats. 23<V1 Taylor i-t..
running back to Montgomery ave.: rent $.%O4
per annum: concrete basement extending un-
; der sidewalU.
MISSION AND FIFTEENTH STS.
l!>f;-o Misstrn *t. anl 1811 13th *t: surround-
ing corner t J old Improvements; flne location"
for store and flat* 1 . i
VALENCIA HT.. NEAR SIXTEENTH.
4tr? Valencia st.. bet. 15th and l«ith: lot 32x100 1
t>> rear street: old Improvement*.
Terms at sale. For catalogue and nartic-
ulars apply to MADISON A BURKE.
30 Montgomery it.
OSCAR HKYMAN,
14 Pest st.
<"lh-*t. investments: tno fine niece* of prop-
; erty bearing large monthly lncomis.
Harrit *t.. near Bryant; two flats, always
I rottd: »::co.
West' rn A-idltinn Inmt; fine modern S-roOm
eunny dtrtlllnc! iBia in alt room*.
Richmvn-i fliis. on California *t; hullt one
year; 4 and Zi rcoms each.
Franciscj-st. lot, S0x70. near Dupont; $1750: i
a l'<«n:ain.
Thir«l-Kvf. hiMliilns lots', near Park.
OSCAR HEYMAN.
14 POST STREET.
$150 ea'-h: I'ark tots, near the ocean boule-
vard; *2 f>0 n:ont!ily.
$10" eaih: lots In th» Abbey Homestead, on :
the lin« i>f. Ml*?ion-n. car.?. j
$1'.*5: onlv four left: level buildine lots, one :
blotk frum M!>f Icn.st. cars. ;
$150: lots in tb» Exceltlcr Hotnestsad: cheap-
est lots in that locality. ,
<S5O; lot*, near Cnrtiand avc. and school-
house: graded and &ewrred. ;
$XA) eavh; Adibury Heights lots; a snap.
Fine bulldine lots in South San Francisco
and Potrero.
OSCAR HEYMAN.
14 POST STREET. !
BAKERS BEACH LOTS.
Only f. left of these magnificent marine view <
lots: erad*-d nnd sewered: grand view of Pre- '
sldlo and bay: easy monthly payments.
BOULEVARD LOTS.
•TOO reet awav from the^electric cars, front-
Ing Goldm Gate Park; command fine view of
oc«an. and ready to b-jlld on; easy monthly
payments.
Guerrero, near 13th t=t.. large 6-roota house:
a bargain; easy menthly paynvents.
Vermont and 25th sts.; choice buildinsr lots:
all street work done an.l rady t'j build on-
agent will be on grounds all tiay to-day to
show lrjt*.
OSCAiI HEYMAN. a!*© offlce of JACOB HEY-
MAN CO..
II POST STREET. '
SUBURBAN homes at Ocean View.
$2000— Two-story dwelling. S rooms. !
$tfc©O— Lovely cottage, 5 rocms, bath, etc
$U«0— New U-room cottage. " j
$250 each — I level lots; Farallonea st.
$250 eacli — 2 choice lots; Minerva st '¦
$250 eaeh— 2 choice lot*: Palmetto ave.
< THISTLETON & CO.. 272 Sadowa et.
JSOCrt—NEW three-flat building. 6~rooois~and
' bath: »»o frontages; pay 1 per cent net on
- investment: Capp. near 2<ith. H. FEIGE. |
builder and owner, lixts Capp tt. \
FOUR elegant sunny flats: finest In city;~flne
location; S-U rooms: rents $215 p«r niuntn- i
dsn't mls» this opportunity; party going to !
Europe. Box 238. Call. »
$2350— FORCED aalTfoTa few days only; new
cotUge. 5 rcom*. bath, modern; braall pay.
Ment down, balance easy terms. i
HISSION REALTY CO.. S Twenty-ninth sti j 3
INCOME property; south of Market amTcnlaa-
town; homrs RlchmocO. Sunset. Mission dis-
tricts; printed list city and country property;
exchanges- W. J. White. 2tS Momsuraery. r. J.
ItKAI, R«TATR— CITY — FOR SALK.
O. H. UMnSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$70.000 — Business corner on Peat st.. close In;
large lot: 3 frontages; substantial, mod-
ern building In stores and hotel; a bar-
. ' gain
$45,000 — Rents $4!)20 per annum; apartment-
house In the best renting neighborhood;
; ; very light and sunny; nearly half 60-
' vara.
$1.". 000 — HcnU $2<W iw»r month: Bush St.. ne.ar
; Kearny: substantial brlcK building, con-
tainlng *tor« and lodginr-hou»e; no ex-
penses other than taxes and insurance;
• lot 34 feet front.
$32. WKV- Valencia -st. business property on one
of thr bmt blocks; rents $2400 per an-
num; lot 75xS7:C; 4 stores and 4 flats. 3
1 $20,000— Lea venworth »t.. close to Butter;
I house* renting for $1355 per annum; nne
location; mortgage $10,500 can remain.
', $17.500 — Pacific ave.; marine view residence: IZ
rooms; srrvants' rooms, wine room, etc.;
lot cost $20,000; lot over 30 feet front-
'. ' $12,500— Unobstructed marine view; renU $!>C>0
; per annum; 37:Cxi:S7:<J : Pacific Heights;
• Wgant residence. 10 rooms and bath.
j $11,000-— Business property; Improvements con-
sist of Ftore and 2 "flat*. <> rooms and
bath: rent $1080 per annum; 25 feet
frontage.
. $0 «!&~Kenis $*7C per annum; s flat* of 7-0-n
rooms nnd bath each; near Broadway
an.1 Van Ness; lot 25x122 :« to rear
street.
$8,000— Rents $M0 iwr annum: vtry low; 3
now modern, sunny flst» of «!-«> rooms
I and'bsth rach; nicely located In the
Mission.
J7 IS00— Elegaut Wet>t«rn Adflitlon residence of
0 roomn and bath, etc.; 25x137:6.
jflOOo — Nic«> liHy-wlndow i^Wienre of 8 rooms
anJ bath;' Scott tUt * bargain.
$.' («50-a nice fiet* of B-6-4 rooms and l.ath
' eai-h; Mlwion warm belt; rents $5oS jier
anr.um; 25x122:^.
: $4 «X^— 2 v<ry nice flat*: close to Clay and
Taylor *t». ; rmts M.VJ r e r annum; C-i
rooms «.aoh.
1 For further particulars of tlu above, and for
the R?al E*tnt«- RiKSCTd, rontulninic a list of
I rropertie* tor tale In all rang of the city, In-
\ ouire .it <ur offlc.
i G. 11. UMBSEN * CO..
20 Montgomery rt..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers. !
' $K»50 A NEW modfrn 10-room house in the i
Richmond district: marine -view; hardwood
floors; tile bath; summer house and thed
! in vard; will also pell furniture, which Is
i complete. Apply to C. ll. UMI1SEN & CO..
i 20 Montgomery's^ .
I MADISON & nURKE.
RKAL KSTATE AGiSNTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY 1S5X.
30 Montsonr.ery si. .... .Opposite Lick House.
$7,600— Sacramento st., north line. near
ftelner; W-room house; In flne condition;
this is a nice home.
?12,000— Post sC: two large, well constructed
house*; very larce lot.
FOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$0,000— 6 flats and store below; nrar Sixth
and Hrannan i>ts.; rent $S0 per month; j
new building.
$«,000 — Ashbury St., near Frederick; a flnt
large 10-room house; near the park; |
billiard-room, flninhed attic and all j
modern conveniences.
$10.750— Page St.; 2 ur-to-dste flats. 6 and 7
rooms and bath; annual rent |D00.
$3,250— Beaver st., near Noe; beautiful cot-
tage. Just the thing for a small family;
Sue garden.
$3,000— Cottage and lot; Bartlett st.. near
Twenty- rtrrt: 6 room* and bath; all
latett Improvements.
13,600— Clipper Bt., near Caitro.
$o,750— Grand ave.. near Mi**lon st. ; 2 good i
fla's; price low; rent J.>3. j
! $t,O0G — Tenth st., n*ar Harrison; lot 25x100; !
rent |32.
LOTS
1 $9,000— i-'telner St., bet. Geary and O'Farrell;
car lines; 2 lot*. 53*137 :« feet.
I $l.(iOO — Fourteenth ave. and A «t.. corner. 120 j
feet en the new Park Panhandle.
', $l,90u — Harrison *t. s near flne cottage. ':
6 room« and bath; lot 23x110; cheap. |
I H.KH*-- ChattKnoocn. rt., near Twer.ty-third: '.
large lot. 63x111:0 to rear street. 1
! I^ts 27:6xl.TT:fi. on Satter st.. betm-jfn s-'uiner !
anJ Pierce.
Huiidlr.if lot«. north<»a*t ccrner Gold«n Gate j
ave. an4 Baker »t. ; in sUes to suit;
rriies iroro $^X»0 upward.
; Three lot*, each 27:<'xn7.«. on south line ot 1
Geary *t.. near Fil'.more.
MADISON & BURKE!
j -tO Montgomery »t.. opp. Uek Hnux. (
von i:hi:in real Estate company. :
513 calik'iuma st. \
IXION-ST. FLATS.
*7W*v_ ;:.xlS7:n; l'r.lr>n *t.. near Polk; three .
bav-'.vindcw tlats of a. 0 and 7 room*- rent
r NINTH-ST. DL*81NE»3 LOrATlON.
$90CQ— 7&xlOW; Vlh st.. uear Harrison.
Lr.AVKNWOKTH-ST HOME.
$,jiiO0-_^l : jt xN , l0 rear s!r:^ t . leavenworth '
1 «•-.. rear California: Improwments consist of
house of 0 rccms «r.d bath.
fri;peuicv-st. ni'iL!)l>.'; ...»t
*IS5<»— 23x100: south line of Frederick, near
Willlanl; adapted for home. j
VAN NKSS-AVE. CORNER.
«tt>xl25; a rvrner In the most deslrahl* pc.'-
t'en cf V?n New ave.: In one or two lot*.
STniNER^TT FLATS.
BVW — £7:«!xl0O: Ptelner. near Union: .1 mod-
em flats, renting fcr $M> pr-r month.
FOI^OM-ST. BTTMNEFS PROPERTY
f'.S.iHX^— Ta)xKi; Fols<->m *t.. near 6th; Im- ',
l jcvenent* consist «4 2 stores and 4 flats, rent- I
Ing for $112 per m«nth.
LARGK MARKET-PT. LOT.
tttMt — H-"t -eet <>n Market br 1?7 on j
Church: adapted for either etores or fiats.
NKW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
J2«."tio— A '-^rrter on Goti;h ft., in Pacific
Keirhts tlittrict; t» new flats, renting for '¦
$^CC To iier nicnth.
jr»N'F3-ST. UAY-WrKDOTV FLATS.
Jlt.oon — «i>xl37:l'>: Jobm *t.. wir Oreenwich: ¦
4 ntotfetr. fl«ts, nntlng for SS7 50.
WEriPTER-PT. HOME.
*«Wftft~ AVefc*t»r. near Jacknon: Rtib<itar.tlslly I
ronstructed hcuva of 7 rooms and bath.
HAWKS * SK ELTON.
Rmts Cotieited and Entlr» Charge Taken of
Property.
$13,5CO— FiJw hour?: Leuvrnworth. near Clay; i
a n»imi an^l l^ath: laundry In basement: •
Irulldlng in f.rst-o!a*« f<>ndltj<.»n; view ct I
Golden Gate from rear.
$l2,tOO— : 3 new flats, nar Hairht and Aish- ;
bury: rro<irrn every way; 0. 7. 7 room*: |
mcitgage of $«0C" can remain. «i per ct. ¦.
$7,C£0— Marine vi«w "ot: Hyde »t., near j
Chestnut: .T1:nx1I0; very fin« view a*- j
run-d; n-w l>uiidlng each aide of it; on i
Hyde-»i. inr iSne. . :
$7,C<J0 — Octavia »t.. «»«r nroadway: gcod •
house of 7 rourr.s and U«th: flne view of
bsy from lr*-nt «nj rear; bare lot i» •
worth the rrlce: 25x137; make offer.
$5,700— NW. cor. Dourtas* and 2$th sts : a I
good lavCftsteBt; ZS luu for only J250
each.
HAWKS & PKKLTON. U23 Montatjinfry st.
HOUSES and lot* tcr «-ale by th« 8 1»UCAS I
CO.. 141; klarkrt i-t.. Outsnictc btdg.; terms. I
lfl r^r c*nt UfWD, balance $10 to $20 a month I
(same hs rent). >
$17t*iv-Flvc room* and bath,' new cottage
north skle of Wnolsey st.. 75 ft froni !
Glrard «t. ; lot 2«ixl20; «>t»e block from ,'
San Druno-ave. cars.
$2350— Six -room house snd bath: cor. of Salinas
and V at*.: one block from the San Bruno-
ave r«rs; thi* building, by the ex;>endlture
of $100. tan be tnaJ* into two fl^tg- a
Ereat snap; lot 50x100.
$2150 — A ntw b-room house and bath, 75xtCO.
on north *l<!e of 20th ave.. 75 ft. east of
3 «t.; the lot Is worth $18CO alone: must
b* *oia; twu blocks from tl»ei Kentucky-
rtre^t cars.
$ICCO— Ktve-n*-m be use and larre lot running
from San Rruno av«. to Ware st., right
, t>n the San Bruno-ave. car Une; on any
terms.-
JC750 — Three adjoining cottage* ©n Cth ave.
S^uth, near M st.; rent $-10 per month:
has never been empty : a *ptend!d 4nvest-
ment: bouses are in first-class order: lot
&frl»0. .
WOODWARD tc CO..
11 Monteemery St., San Francisco.
fZ, *30O— Corner lots, 39x100 feet: Douglais
st.. near 24th; ready fur building; MU-
ston.
?:• v!,i> - New fiats. 5 and 6 rooms: up to
date; Dvuglass St., near 24th.; electric -
line; let 25x100 feet.
$228,uO<>— Desirable business property en Mar-
ket «t. (central). SOxl65 feet, with
frc&tate on rear street: a good, sub-
stantial 5-story brick building; stores
and apartments abov;; cood Invest-
ment. \
$500 per foot; upltadid business site; 10th j
«t , t«t. Market and Mission: largo
lot. 155x130 feet: good investment.
COTTAGE— Mc<5«n 7 rooms; finished banr-
ment: block foundation In good condition:
cheap. See owner. 223 TnUM ave.. Rtenmontf.
1 >g^rATE^CITy-~FOj^^AJ^^
fcJHAINWALD. BUCKBEE It CO..
21H-TM MON'lUOMERY ST.
$6,500 — Grove st.. near Central ave. : resi-
dence, a rooms and bath; lot 23x137 ;<J
ft.; a barsain. -
¦ »7,00<^— Broadway, near Devisadero; flne sit>i
for residence; lot 38:6 it. iront; KranU
_ marine view; a bargain.
Ji.oOO — Broadway, near >'illmore; flne lot.
j 30x137:6 feet; unobstructed marine
1 ..~ ~. vlew; P rlce reduced trom $S6w. : •
$30.000— O'Farrell st.. near Jones; Investment
of 3 frame dwellings; rents $120; lot
1 .„ -43:10x68:0 ft.; a great bargain.
$9,000— Devisadero St., nesr H&lght: resi-
dence ; 8 rooms and ba^h; lot 25x123 it.
$8,000 — Howard-st. flats; 2 bocks trom new
, ¦ , „ Postofflce; rents $»4 60 p«.r month.
$7.250— Baker St., near Jackson; 2 elegant
flats; rents $57 60 per month; lot iux
loo ft.
$7,600 — Union-st. corner, near Devisadere; el-
egant marine view; lot 62:UxllO ft.;
, ¦ must be sold.
$7,250— Ellis st., near Buchanan; 2 flne bay-
window Hats, 6-7 roams and bath; rents
, $«fi; lot 25:9 ft. front.
$24,500 — Post at., near Leavenworth; flne sub- ,
stantlal improvements; rents $135; large I
lot. Oo ft. front; building should be
raised and stores put under; wou.d pegr
large return.
$11,000— Jockson-et. residence of 11 rooms and
bath; modern in every way; lot 25z
127 :8K ft.
$21,250— Jackson-st. corner: Presidio Heights:
elegant modsrn residence of 11 rooms, 2
baths; first floor, library, double parlors,
dining-room, beamed celling, paneled
oak, hardwood lloorr, -etc. ; 4 bedrooms
and 2 bedrooms In attic; lot 37:Ox
127:8Vt ft.; Erand marine view.
$5,750— Clay st... near Webster; residence of 9
rooms and bath; lot 25x102:4 4 feet: lot
¦is situate on corner of a public alley; !
light anil sun on three sides.
$3,250 each— Filbert nt.. near Scott: magnifi-
cent marine view; lots 27:6x137:6 feet
each, and corner 65x137 ;« fe«t.
$10,500 — Hyde st.. near Sutler: fine reskio-.ice
.of It) rooms and bath; rents for $50 a
month.
$17,000 — Second-st. corner, near Harrison: "fix
05 feet: flne site for factor}' or ware-
house purposes.
Get a copy at our printed list of properties
for sale.
ZZZI . i
AUCTION
V r ,. .
BUSINESS PROPERTIES
BUSINESS PROPERTIES
BUSINESS PROPERTIES
BUSINESS PROPERTIES
OF THE JOSE GUARD10LA- ESTATE,
AT SALESROOM OF
SHAINWALD.' BUCKBEE A CO.,
THURSDAY, JUNE 0. AT 12 M.. NOON.
THURSDAY, JUNE 0. AT 12 M., NOON.
THURSDAY, JUNE 9, AT 12 M., NOON.
THURSDAY. JUNE 0, AT 12 M.. NOON.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
; ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
• ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
t 8PEClT& CO., ~
; 20!) Montgomery st.
, 209 Montgomery st.
nn 200 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
I helling. I^Ao.Ina- I
, «'"'« collected. In^ancf: j
¦ -nV 3^ 00 "^ 01 " 1^ w Bush 8nd Kearny; stores j
?£n, •£""<• rt0ors ab0 . ve: brlcK bu»ding; lot!
fronts .5i> feet, rents $2C5.
I JW.CdO _ Howard St., near Third; 50x100
feet; sw* square feet; kty lot and 2 frontages";
this lot on ad st. would be worth $100,000.
iot* 2 3 5^,ro^r r:^ bu!Idlnifi rent » •»*
$21. COO— Larkln-nt. business corner; lot 35
feet frontage; rents $1SOO annually.
1 $20,000 — Polk-st. buslneiis property: 2 stores
' ami lodglng-hout-e: lot :'MxO', reet: rents $145; i
• f lO.Otv bank mortgage can remain. :
I $18,5C0 — Po»t St.; lot 62:<ixl24 feet: 2 front-
; ag«.s; very goud improvements; rents $140.
! $18.COO— Bargain: Ellis St., near Larkin; 3
houses: loi 27:6x120 feet; 2 frontages; $yoo<;
bank mortgage can if main.
$11.000 — Corr.er Seventh St.; 53 feet frontage;
j flne -building site. •
' 5S5O0 — 2 stores and 4 flats; corner north of
Market s>t.; -13:6 fe»t • frontage; yearly rents
$utiti; paying llij P«r cent.
: #w0<)0 — Mission bu*ine«8 corner; 3 stores;
I rent* $4S0 yearly; lot 4.1xM) feet.
] m ¦ 1
: RESIDENCES.
: S15.00C — Callfornia-st. residence; 12 roomi
I and bath: lot o5xi:i7:6 feet; cnolce block.
$Of.CO— Elegant home; 9 vcoms and bath;
I morttage ftkio c?.n remain; lot 30xll7:U fett;
2 frcnta:**. t ;
$15C0 — 4* room, cottage; lot 27:6x100 feet;
Mtrslcn warm bait.
CHOICE LOTS.
Jt.%.000— NW. corner: u0:Cxl37:« feet; unsur-
pan>td marine view; mu*t be sold this week.
; $"2r>0 — Droadway. north side and best resi-
dence blwk; uncbittucted view; lot 27x137:0
! *eet. j
SPKCK & CO.,
"CU Montgomery st.. opposite Mills building.
i CALIFORNIA
(TITLE INSURANCE AND TIlUST COMPANT.
! 410 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MOVKD FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY- ¦
> WARD BUILDINO.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.*
WHEN REAL ESTATE IS BOUGHT THE
PURCHASER is more interested in the title
I than in the land itsslf. The land only repre-
1 sents so much soil, which may be bought at
! less than a dollar per load. TheCjltle ripre-
1 sents the right to sell, transfer tind devise by
will. Perfect security as to title is fur-
r.I.«he>l by pcllclea issued by this company.
•TLL MAKE ASSURANCE DOUBLY SURK
a titl take u bend."
I THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant cr copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real es-
tate t!t!«' Uk3 modern plants of New York.
Unjtten. Chicago snd Eastern cities; reasona-
ble rates, regular trust company business
transacted under State charter: all matters
controlled and managed by the. following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVOKD.
President Bank of California.
CHAP.LES R. BISHOP. ._ -
Vies. Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE. nt „ „
Of Dalfoar. Guthrie & Co,
HENRY L. DAVIS,
Prtslder.t California. Ortical Co.-
r N. LtLIENTHAL.
Manager Anrlo-Californl&n Bank.
WARREN 0I.NF.Y.
> Olney Otney, Att'ys and Couaselars.
CHAP.LES PAGE.
Pare, McCutchtn 4; Knight. Atfys.
A. T. S POTTS - .
- Msrr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
1 JOHN R. SPR1NO.
Ca?ltatfit. 530 California st.
JAMES G. JONES. ?« "MOXTaOMERY ST. "
OPPOSITE LICK HOUSE.
$1S, 0OO— Three flne modern 8-room flats: north
line Setter: well In: lot 27:8x112; rent
$l.«flo; gooJ buy.
$S,5<X) — Eirgant S-room house In fashionable
north side neltsborhood; very modern;
pink cf condition: marine visw.
.•4.5O1W PK. cor. Overrero and 15th; lot 36x
V£: best buy in neighborhood.
$1.100 — Near Castro cable and l.Hth-st. elec-
tric cars: 'flne view: lot 27:6x123;. on
trade: between substantlaf nouses;
larje flower garden to south; v*ry
sunny./'
$1.600— Magnificent Lake-st. corner; lot S2-6*
: 100.
Different elty lift in other . mornlaj papers.
For 2 beautiful suburban homes, see my Oak-
lard and Berkeley advertisements in this
I*per. . ¦ ¦
JAMES G. JONES. 2S MONTGOMERY ST.
JOSEPH STRAUB. «TO Market ct. '
?13«»— Good cottage of 4 rooms: large lot.
$1WW»— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement; .
ne*r Dolores and Clipper: cheap. ' 1
1 52T>0— NE. cer. 23d st. and Bryant are. ; 2
cottages; stable; plenty* room for flats; ZOx&Q
$2000 — TltK bay-window cottage, 4 room*: i
high basement; cement foundation: large lot. ;
$450«>— Elegant cottage. 5 rooms, bath: with ;
small exi>ens« could make flats: near Market, j
FOR sal* cheap — Neat cottage,' ¦* rooms and j i
batht.larre M.»etnent: t»rm« same as rent, t
Apt»!^ rwner. lumber rani, SE. cor. Alabama |
and Mcstcalm sts '
THF. J$H? OA T.I,
JOCK D. CPKECKEIiB, Proprietor.
XV. J. MAlTTlN~... J _rJ_B!Jie«9_M a^55^f
TK-N VOIA.AIXS IUSWAIU>.
Notify Tiic Call Ofltcc If Vou Sliss
Your taper*
U for any cgnse TUB CAI.I. la not de-
livered rejrularlr to snbscrlbers; please
call up -CAX.X. MCKaKOB" aad notify
Snbacrtptlon Clerk In charge. Tour com-
platot vUl receive prompt attention.
JL. fxtandlna 1 reward of Tan Dollar*
• (S10.00> Is offered for taa arrest aad
coariction of any one caojrbt ateallns:
TKS CALL.
TELEPHONE.
Atk for THK CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You Witb the Department Tou wish.
Publication Office Market •»« Third, 8. T.
Edtujrmi Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrier*. 20 Ct». Per W«»k. 7S
Cts Ptr Month. Single Copies & Ct».
Term* ty Mail, Incluain* Postage <Ca»h With
Order):
DAILY CALL <lnc!ud. Sunday). 1 >«ar *8.00
DAILV CALL (luclud. Hunday). « nios * ; 00
DAILY raM. fhr Smgle Month '°%
SUNDAY CA1J.. 1 Year 2.50
WEKKLY CALL. 1 Year I- 00
r Daily. .$S.6O Per Tear* Extra
• KSF^S 4 BuwlaV. «.W Per Year Extra ;
i'ufcTAGE. (^ Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Knr»
ALL 1-OSTMAtTEUS AKE AUTHOR1ZKD
TO R1SCE1VK HUB.SCU1PT1ONS.
6ainrle Ccj>ies will be forwarded when r»~
quested.
Mail i«i;t ¦ffnlmri- in ordering change of ad-
€m» rh .uld h* particular to give both NEW ,
AND OI.V ADDltKSS in order lo Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their r»- j
eueei.
OAKLAND OFFICE: i
• lilt Broadway Telephone Main 1063 j
nERKELGT OFFICE: j
fl«6 C«::ter tHreni Telephone North 77 ,
WAsancoToa correspondent:
BAMLXL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NTW TORK NEWS STANDS:
TVtiasrf-Aftoria Hotel: A. Urtntano. 31
UiJcn Square: Murray Hill Hotel; FUlb-ave-
bu« Hotcrl and Ucftman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman lioua*: P. O. News Co.: Oreat
Northern Hotel: Tremant House; Audttorium
lintel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KHOGNE88..Manjuett* Building
(Long Distance Telerhone. "Central 2619." >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. t-MlTH 3*> Trtbun* Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDFNT:
C. C. CAP.LTON Herald Pquare
BrPINEPS OFFICE of the Fan Franetsco
Call, t-crner Market and Th!rd strtets; open
trtll 12 orinek every nltht in tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
160* MarVet street. orpo«lt« Fifth; open until
II p. m.
*27 Sirntgeoitrjr afreet, comer Clay; op«a
until uUJO x>. ra.
50i» Hares f.r*et: open until 8:S0 p. m.
?;.¦»» MeAUlater *treet; open until B:30 p. nx.
*>15 L«rk!n street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1«M1 MUelon street; open until 10 p. m.
C2«l Market street, corner Sixteenth: opea
until 8 p. m.
10fl El<-»er.th rtreet: ci>en until 9 p. ra.
JC>e Va!rr.cla ctrcet: or»i» until » p. m. j
Nortbeast corn*r Church and Duncan streets : 1
open until 9 p. m.
Ncrthwest oerner of Twenty-second and Ken- j
tucky streets: cr>»n until 0 pm.
.-, X200 Fil.mcrc ftreet; rpen until 3 p. m.
TO SL'BSfRiiiKKS I.KAVIXG TOWN |
1X311 TllE SIMMER.
OAZ.Ii subscribers ceatemplatlnc a '
• chanrc cf residence during- the inmmir ¦
months caa hare tielr oaper forwarded '
. by mall to tlieir new aldress ty notify- !
tor TEE CALL Business Office. Tali '
reper will also be on tale at all mamet '¦
rescrts and is represented by a local !
arent In all tewna en tte coast.
Ml i^--_ STATE — crrr — von salk.
C. M WOOSTER (XV. IIS Market St.. S. F. j
PAYi-- OVHR 1 PER CENT PER Mo.VTH NHT J
w«j-» ttBIM to ih« l*.t or t,-nant»: k i^ura. I
ing <h,> m..rt S «i. of *««¦«> xtu* ptvpittr J^y» as '
tftrst «r» de«!uctf«t mm ;ncci!;e; n#ur Leave a- '
mvi th and V *lU}i- »t».
V,^)' S oVi:it - ll i*EB CKNT PER ANNUM
».'...'i~ 3 ne» BQdeta Zlat» on a crand north-
east <-*itner: rtnt P.r.w j^r annum: not »>ro»i>«o-
ttv*. »jut rval. i^ttimt thr nicrtptee ct $, l i5,t
and m^ke .ner 1 K t jxr c»nt !,(r taonth on mm
mtnej: n.«r Dafc«<« Park.
HOWARn.ST. PROPERTT.
*!r..i. — N, rth Itat tit HcvmiU St.. bet. 1st
aM M; . flat!-. UBSrrvasseati old; miure pros- .
I^it* f.r»t class: 25xSi ftct.
S12.:.<t»_^oath !:.ne of Howard *t.. near First: '
old tir.;r..vtm-Bts; rent J4S9 per annum- r«-
$is.:rf(^ — ac uritgant aaatawast corner: bus!- I
P*W ; :• l*rt> : SSliOtf; «ture *na n*t» 1^ ;»-?»-.•«
rrxm*; nuc<n\: rtutlng «xtr-r:i«:y lj» icr $15'X' i
r«r »r.r.ur.i; $?s'rf v . ca f h n-oatred.
kUSSUXK ltAKGAiN
f ,(« ti-Kcur Bats uf 4 r.x,m» mi bath eaih: ',
a gilt«r4c» ln\efi:neot with a deablt? trontaK*
ji.:MH5r ntv«-r idl«. .:.,.. th£ iiretw-nl income ot
**i" i>-.T ccnum. or t jj»r cer.t i>rr month, has '
br«O :«Jd Jor th«- U»t Oirre yearn; on Carp st i
PACIKK-AVi:. RSSIOEXCK
H2 rJW—A •.•-*w-;y reti^m* ot 11 room*:
»ukb>- «idc of Pavilk »vt., near Vm N>gs ave :
Ijt St-xlU7.il.
JON H£ ST. PROPL-RTT.
i=t.O0O-^A S^Cery «n,! l.*M-iatnt huu»e of 10'
rtv>mt an.l Uitti on J;>p.v» tt , near tJ<-ary; prop- j
erty in tfcis nejghb»>rhotd 1* Improving in
. \a:u* i*i:\ ; let
|tfi.NXV>-I%ree modtnt flats «> Folron st., I
nt&r SCth: p'.tnty of nun and light: vtry deslr- ,
able: rentSnx fcr $1ln-> i>er ,.r-ui::
*;*..*-fK' — 5 ne* elegant inuCern flat*: renting ;
for :¦¦-'. -i r*«" iscuri: very ntmr 10 per cent ;
a»U alway* rente<3; on a Oilden Ustt ave. cor- '.
»er. r.ear Devir-aufro »t.; 37:Ca;'JC:10.
,. IvTiO— I n.. otar I'th ave; T^lMl
J".o,(»4< — Oraf»i r.. tthtast ccrntr on Central I
a\e : JoaSSxXW.
W« are *<-!hrg PkJ« A!t-s l>ts for «CT5- '
thi.-kl.v enkodrd. b*aut!1::iy situated and ee- ]
pevlally i^-raMe; ."- \\:.-- fett. Ari'ly ior par- I
Ucular*.
'C. M WC'.^TKil H\. «s Market s.t
B. CETZ. Iieum 2i Chronicle Bldg.
OV.NTR AN1» DEALER.
NEW HLOCK en the OOEAN BEACH '
\enxcn graded.
Lvts Ijf\el on t*c Urade Is UdiW L'pja.
• • - »u?*r6 Vi*w »f th. «.>cean. * i
Ka»> Mot:thly Irictalla«-tits— IVrleci Uargains. j
$it> to $«i0 — Octan Heist:ts and tx"Jl«vani lot*, i
$ro tj SiCO -1-Jtn-aie. buuieiard lots; graded I
$2:>t> te fl^-o— S'_>r.k«H an.l Richmsnd lets: on i
bl!<cV facing freckle* l.ak» and new Park ¦
sr*fJ trsvk: eaiy pirmentn.
$1>» ui»— L'«(t!»i:r Unmstead lott; le\el en \
gradf-: rtty water; M!^sien-#t. car*
$7^ tJ MeO-Oreaa View lextl |ct»: streets j
graJtJ. city water: rame year own j-ayments.
$1<*O to «.V5©t»~ MtKkm 1 v.-.-,, ajxj cottages in
all districts oa v tr y ea«y isstailtnects. '
Call at ily Offlce, Itwn •*. SjcoqJ Floor
NELSON. jyUXSOX i co! — — — —
Mwwpnmyju.. cpp . M ,,, 8 j^^ J
IJAnOAINS IN RlfAli FST\Tll
ri^*(Jo»ure. FKAat* auj Forvea Sale, of All '
Kfcids »l'.l be Kocnd t^ «H;r •
t:p-TU-t»ATF. BUTTERS* GUIDE
An tlfu*;rated monthly i-ataL-gn*. ccMaIn!n» '
a ca!etoil>- «-!«ne<! list of cbeape*; SSlrS i
*.nertd en tbe market in every htcatlcs Sea3 I
•u» your addtt*s and »e will ft»H yoa " s>tM j
NElJfON. JOHNSON 4 CO '
?O Mr.»n tt .niery tt.. oj>p. Mills biig.
f3 I'tli MONTH- " ~~7
lf.vr»tigate «be city of Uichaaond. tvh«r« t\» i
..t-trtwlard *.Al ComtKiny. sauta » R 1/^ A,
southern 1'a^ftL- U. R. Cu. anl nuaeroS; '
niar.nfa< turtcg rtam* are at work; lo:» sure '
PrvaM- in value: nil lev*-!: mac» free '
;khjioxi> usd company.
crtxker l»ui!dlns. isan Francisco.
EAST CORNKR — — —
TOH HALE.
ix>t iisUKv-irsro.
Da trvnsvn. liv*r>'tBen. fftory and' Hat build-!
er». «r» th.«; tarr. stable. *bed and offlc* build- '
Ing dow thrre: tH'.e to»ure<l. JL'LJEN SMITH 1
• Retl i:»tete Agent. O» Montgonjrry s*.
CUKAT bar-sain; K5A0 for comfortable, runny '
h<>u*e; «s room*; new nlutabins; PresitllQ
IlrtgKt*; laix* lot. XOxliZ; stable, loft, etc.;
*t:iuHt fot tramcter nr jrardeaer: easy
t«rni«. As>n!y la p. J RYAN. *outheast
romer Kagnitaento and Marie sts.
tiJftft— XEW flat*; int-oir* J<0 month: lot 25x
l»; »: Market. HUNSAKER. 6 Ziix «L
ftEAI ' ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
I REIS TRACT LOTS.
I GOING
1X>N'T WAIT UNTIL THEY AP.E
ALL GONE.
REAL ESTATE MEN
' DOCTORS
In fact nearly every one who sees the beuti-
ful lots in the REIS TRACT are buying.
Over 300 houses will socn b» built on this
property.
Water pipe to be laid at once in front of
every lot.
6-CENT CAR FARE.
AN IDEAL SPOT FOR A HOME.
The best Investment to be found in the elty.
WE ARK SELLING THESE LOTS AT ONE-
HALF THEIR TRUE VALUE.
___
THINK OF IT.
V?E HAVE SOLD OVER 2100 LOTS IN
THREE MONTHS.
That should convince you that we are offer-
ing a barrain.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
SEE THE PROPERTY AT ONCE.
Take Kentucky- st. car at Third and Market
to the REIS TRACT, cornering on Railroad
ave. and San Bruno road. Stay en car until
you reach our office. Agent on the ground
every afternocn and all day Sunday. ',
;
REIS TRACT
REIS TRACT
NOTHING DOWN.
NOTHING DOWN.
$1 PER WEEK ?1
$1 PER WEEK SI
$1 PER WEEK $1
P.EIS TRACT REAL ESTATE CO..
HE1S TRACT REAL ESTATE CO..
P.EIS TRACT REAL ESTATE CO..
40G Parrott Buildlnj, Downtown Offlce. ;
Over EirjHjrium. Open Evenings.
! = i
I LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
Send for our printed list of property for sa'.e i
In all sections of the city. . j
BIGGEST BAUUAIN IN CITY.
BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME.
$7500 — Maybe le^s: a flne new residence: I
ntodtrn In every detail; contains lo large ;
rooms. 4 flne exp«n*lve mantels, interior hand-
KHMly finished in curly redwood, etc.; key lot. I
affordinx light and sun: accepted street; If de-
sired terms of $2CC0 carh can b« arranged; this '
i» unquestionably aii exceptional opportunity
J to secure a very desirable residence cheap.
I Frederick St.. near Cole; ujtp. to-day for in-
• speetlcn.
POINT LOBOS-AVE. LOTS,
i 5«tKi_j50 cash. flO Monthly.
$000— *50 cash, ?lo Monthly.
Fine level lots on the sunny side of Polat j
Lobos ave., n*ar 35th st.. commanding a mag-
nlfieent view;, overlooks Golden Gate Park. [
Golden G^ts and Pacific Ocean: also a large :
portion of the city of Sun Francisco: lot» on ,
Point Lobos ave. commanding a view such as
this property enjoys are extremely low at
*.6O<>; we have only a few left: see them at j
once; Sutro electric cars pass the property.
HANDSOME NEW H0M2S.
*775O to $*xiO— Duboce ave.. between Scott '
and DevisHdero .«ts.. within a half block of ;
Duboce Park; they contain large reception '
halls. 4 and 6 sunny bedrooms; finest sanitarv ,
plumbing; first floors are beautifully finished
in selected woods: pretty entrances: hot air :
furnace: grand views: splendid neighborhood; |
terrr? ?2ono ra«h. Irslanc* monthly install-
Rents: take Halyht-st. car to Scott St.. walk 2
blocks south tn Dub/ice ave.; hr.uses open for
I inspection Sunday. Two sold: starting more.
FLATS NEAR GOLDEN GATE PARK.
SB75H— Within half a block of Golden Gat- j
Park: 4 flats. 4 and 5 rooms and bath; renting ¦
$0«X>: lar»e lot. 27x120: this U a bargain.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$13.500 — Beautiful brand-new residence on ,
one of the best streets !n Presidio Heights [
section, containing 12 rroms and bath, billiard- '¦
room, social halK conservatory. servant's '
room, etc.; *rlend!c! neighborhood; must be >
I sold.
INVESTMENT INSIDE LARKIN ST.
412.500 — Two substantial flats of 6 rooms and
bath each on Po«t st.; vrnperty could be Im- *
proved to rav bi~ Interest.
SOi'TH OF MARKET FLATS.
$I25f — Two gcotl «ub.--tjntlal flats clrse to :
Third and Harrison sts: everything in first-class i
condition: rented $10; must be sold to close an j
fSUtl'.
$4C0 to $.y*>. j
Great Bi* Lot".
Nune Less Than 50x120.
E.xsy Terms.
Near the statlcn. in Mill Valley. Why buy
a small lot In a poor neishborhocd when y<xi (
can *ecur<? a tine laree l..t Fame distance from |
your work, surrounded by desirable neighbors? I
Splendid climate, fine w»t*r. schocU. etc. Call !
or write for Illustrated booklet, prices, etc
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
HOUSES and lots, special bargains.
t.t&ii — Large corner. AOxlOO, oa the grade. !
San Jo»e nve., at Ocsan View.
?7."» ea'-h — a level lots at Ingle*lde.
1 $OtiO — l>»rge corner iwuth of Park. S2:«xl00. I
$1230 — ('or. B st ar.d 3oth ave.. eOx!72: near >
Park. Richmond District.
$25»)O — £lgh>ly lot. U5xl23. Devisadero st.
SttOixi — Huslneas corner en Guerrero st; \
store and flats: rents $550.
* $1S5O — Corner on Montgomery St., with
dwelling: rent* tS'i; Telegraph Hill.
jtlOOO — Xeat 4-rocm cottate. fine lot. 27:6x '
112 :rt: oak *t.. near Fillnv-rre.
$4^0 — Bargain In Mission. large lot. 3Gxl2O,
! with 2-story bay-window bous*. 8 rooms, bath !
nnd stable, near Valencia and l«th: good lot j
1 for four flats.
$150O— Well-built cottar* «m State v st.. near
17th. with 5-room cottage: lot 23x125.
**(**> — Reduced: extra well built: 2-sf;ry ;
bey- window house. H» rrwir.^ and bath; in Cr.» I
1 crd«r: larne lot. 42:4x1-17 :«: sunny side cf \
street: best bargain In Western Addltion-
$14.50») — Sacrifice to close estate: 4-stcry 1
brick en Clay st.; stores and lodging; rents !
1 flSOft: to be increased; building cost more.
? 1 rt.50rt— Howard st.. near 7t»»: business lot. j
50x00. with eld Improvements; near new Pest- ',
offlce: bound \<* Increase in value.
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California st.
M^AFEE~BROTH ERt 5 .
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. •
J11.0OO— A barraia: 3 new modern Slats. 5. «
anrt «S rooms: finished tftroughent; rent?
$105 per month.
$4,5CO— Comer r.«?ar Golden Gate Park: ccct-
mar.d» fine view; 3 faausw; stse «lx
ICO; a splendid lot for x residences
$6C0— Lots on Point Lobos: tn 9 isartne S
view; easy ttrmi. ,
c| eco— Lot sunny side of Jackson st.; p-»-
sidlo Heights: bniaterrupted nsarin-
view; 23xl27:S^; old improves:e- ts~
must be sold: irtaice offtr.
«q 0O0—-Tvro modern flats. 8 and 7 rooms- Clav •
ft., near Baser; lot 23x127 :S ?4 * reet" '
- rents $75.
$2,25O—Lot on Orwa st.. near Octavia ; s{»a
$L5Cd^-Lrt i5 On^.y^are.. near Presidio wall.
$3.2C0— Two cheap lots In Presidio H'ichts-
Laurel St.. near Sacramento. - ¦
Send fcr list of cheap lots la all parts ct tt»
McAFKK BROTHERS.
lCSjIONTGOMERY 3T.
FOR saie — Lot on Hasinebire and 24t*» sts.
TSxlto, for $1CCO; also cottag* on Kansais »t*.
9 rooris and bath, for ?t*»X>: like paytne
rent:; tine two-stcry huuse. evrrytBiat m->l« '
rrn: an Id<*at 1219 Y-^rk st • Bttee f
$.T75O. L. C. CULL. Tw»nty-fo«rt!» »t. a*J .'¦
Potrero av«.
$3S5O— 1^30 CASH! swj« tnodern hou»# e* fl
room* and bath: basuiaent: CaltTorni* *t. ;[
must to s*«c to be «Dar»ctat»<i. J. R. S \CL ¦
A CO/34J Cement St., cr. Fifth a»e» 1
I UEAL ESTATE— CITY- FOR SALB.
j EAS1XJN, ELDR1DGE &. CO., *
1 tttS MARKET STREET.
AUCTION.
.-> AUCTION.
' TUESDAY.....,..^ U . < :7 1 . t : N :-.....May 24, 1904
At our salesroom at 12 o'clock noon.
HOWARD-STRKET INVESTMENT. m
Southeast line of Howard St.. 250 feet SW.
J of 4tb st.; lot«25xS0 feet.; imorovements con-
¦,»ist of 4-story building containing spacious
.. store with 4 living rooms in rear; lodgtng-
. • house above centalns 21 rooms and bath; rent
rematn Der month: mortgage, $0000. can
¦_ DOWNTOWN BUSINESS LOT.
. n A? 8terI y Une of Stockton «t... 107 feet south
, 1 of bacianu-nto.: lot 30x00 through to Brooklyn
; alley; the owner of this property has plans
for hulldlnK which will cost $16,000 with
1 , prospective tenant that will pay $200 per
month for same; these plans may be secured
by the purchaser of thl« lot.
\ I P^ZX&SR «b A^.ot 23X80
1 feet; Improvementu conslirt of 0 tenement flats
' . containing :|.j rooms each: foundation in flrst-
, cmts condition: rent $«2 per month; $2300
Hlbernia Bank can remain.
' ivttW MISSION COTTAGE.
i ,NW. cor. of Church and Cumberland sts).,
. facing new Mission Park: lot 64:8x105: im-
provements, a beautiful modern cottage con-
j talulng 5 rooms and bath; absolutely new
1 plumbing; bny windows; modern in every re-
, spect; mortgage of $2700 can remain; title
guaranteed; rented veiv low nt $20 per month,
v «,« MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 916 Florida St., S. of 2!at: improvements
consist of modern eottak* containing 5 rooms
ami bath; hi«h basement: mortgage $1100 at
," ", < " r .^t nt ccn remain; built about 0 years;
, rent ?25.
„ ' MISSION FLATS.
-Nof. 315, 317, :tl'i, 321. 523, 325 Kan Jose
nve.. north nf jtfth st., through to ave.;
larg* lot, :t2:fixt)0 fe?t; lmorovements consist
of « modern flats containing 4 rooms eaoh;
, separate entranceK for each flat: brick founda-
i l™V,k hull<J| ng ."ulBtnntlnlly built; morlgage of
. 5TO00 can remain; bona tl<Ie rents $71 50
per month; could t>> increased; guaran eed
title.
MISSION BUILDINO LOT.
"««t line of Church St.. 75 feet north of
-1st: lot G7xlu5 feet: street work all done:
commands a beautiful view
• NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT.
, .No. 0 Gavnn place, off Oreenwlch, bet. Mont- j
Romery ave. and Powell at. : lot 25xl7:« feet:
. improvements consist of 4 flats and cellar for
each; 4, 4. 4, 6 rooms; rents $S, $9. $0. $10; 1
total. $:n; <ier month.
SAN FRANCISCO PROPERTIES LOCATED
IN THR SOUTH PAN FRANCISCO AND
HOMESTEAD ASSOCIATION. SOLD TO
CLOSE THE ESTATE OF J. B. PAINTER. ;
No. 1.
Lots Nrs. 3 and 1*, in block 100; 75x100 feet
j raeh as per diagram.
1 . No. 2.
! Lots 6, 7. 10 and 11. In block 300, as per
j diagram; 75x100 feet each.
No. 3. .
Lots S. 9 and 13, In block 15C. as per dia-
gram; 75x100 feet, eaeh
No. I.
I I-ots. 1. 4.. 5. fi. 7. R, 13, lfl. In block 275,
"KL, diagram: 75*100 fett each.
, EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
I fciS MARKET STREET.
, EASTON. ECDniDGE & CO..
tr , CM MARKET ST.
$••0,000 — Downtown Investment: 70-foot front.
a K»: nf ar Market and Taylor rts. .
?.l_.0<X>— Geary st.. near Larkin; GO- foot
rrontase through to rear street; 2 frontages;
large J- story building on lot; great possibili-
ties for Improvement.
. 'i* 5 * 000 " Six magnificent new flats, rented for
$145 prr month; 40- foot frontage on lot; mort-
1 gage ?7.'»C0.
$15.250— Devlnadoro .st.. ntar California; 3
beautiful flats; brand new 0-7-7 rooms and
bath: rents $130 rer month.
¦ $13.000 — Kearny-st. corner; 40-foot frontage;
¦ grocery, bar and basement: 7 fluts; rent $140
per month; $6(»i0 mortgage can remain.
$15,0W— Pacific Heights; marine view build-
ing lot; exceptlon.nl site for magnificent resi-
dence; 01x137:0 feet. !
$14. r.Olt— Corner on Ninth at. ; business prop- '
erty; store with 3 room* in rear; 2 fiats nf «i
rooms and bath; rent $7S ,,-r month: building
In ftm-clKcs condition: newly painted; brick
foundation: portion of lot not built on where i
2 flats of ft roams cot:M be placed. :
1 $14,000— Nlnth-st. corner; buslnees Invest-
|tiicnt; store and flata above. t
! $13,51X1— Hayes tt.. through to rear street: 1
near Laguna; 4 beautiful flats: rents very low j
at $0S 50 per month; sunny and modern
$t3.C00 — 2 modern 2-story houses of 8 rooms
and bath ouch, renting for $»O prr month: lot
nCxJ.57.0 .feet: facing th» Park Panhandle. |
j $11,500—2 beautiful flats, 5-7 rooms and i
'baUj; lot adjRcrnt with no Improvements; rent ;
$00 per month.
$S2r>:i— Folfom-st. flats, near Sth st. ; rent
¦ very low at $65 ner month. j
: $7>Xt) — 2 beautiful flat.» vn Leavenworth st.,
1 close to Sacranirnro: rent $62 ,M> jier month:
1 these flats are well built, mclem and always
-ented.
1 $7f00 — Devlsadero st.: key lot; magnificent
cottage of 6 rooms and bath; modern plumb-
jing; lot alone worth more than the price
asked.
$45C0— Residence near Park Panhandle; 7 ',
rooms and bath. w» ,
. $3500 — Mlbston rottagr; 10. foot basement:'
j lajge stable in rear containing 3 stalls; con- I
; crete floor. '
j $aiCO — Investment north of Market St.. e«pt I
of Taylor; 2 flats and rear hcu«e on small '
I street; rent f-">0 per month: v»ry low. j
i EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO., !
! 633 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTSl }
$500 to *120o— Easy Terms. ".
! Ntw "Occanntdd" Lots on Qfticial Grade.
¦ " i
Fronting and Unobstructed View of Park
and Ocean. :
Choicest and cheapest home sites ever offered.
All bargain*! Se« them to-day! i
"Ooear.slde" branch office, cor. H street and i
47th av*nu».
Open Sunday* and Holidays.
[ ST.*, to $250 — N«ar Park and Ocean— $3 monthly
! $250 to $10CO— Choicest Richmond lots in-
> Ktatlments.
$150 to ?»50— Level Excelsior Hd. Lots.
JlCCu to KwOO— Mcdern cottages In Sunset,
Richmond. Ocewcslde and Excelsior Horn*- !
stead. Easyterma! _ [
Buntet Branch Offic* on 9th ave.. near H st
tSOL. GETX & PON. Owners and Dealers.
Room 0*. fuurth floor. Chronicle bids;. j
mm j
LOTS Tor sale by the P. DUCAS CO.. 04tJ Mar- !
krt >t.. Chronicle bWg. ; terms. ."< p?r tent I
cash, balance from $3 to $13 per month.
SOUTH f.lN FRANCISCO PROPERTY.
*125 each— Scutircth ave..^ 150 w»5t of C s>t.
$1J : > ciih — Fouthvatt cor. of Mh ave. and D st.
$123 <-*ch — North 7th ave.. 150- west of B st.
$tCO estch— North line of ICth ave.. 75 west of
J bt. ¦ I
$100 tach— s-'outh line of Cth ave., 150 ft. west
of J st. !
$150 cjrh— 17th, isth and 19th aves.. bet. It j
and :» stsv.
$t.V> each- South line of 14tb «ve.. near M st.
«U30 each- North line of Uth »ve., near M st.
$2<:0 each— :lUi and r.2d ave«.. nr. Railroad ave.
$300 tach— South side of Mh ave.. near Q st..
cluse to tht £anta l"e cattl: corral. :
$1CO each— 50 let? in Vlsitaticn Valley.
$10O each — Lots, Jschuyler «t.. near San Uruno
road.
$'.**>0 to $4t"'<! each— Lot* on Crescent ave. !
$t:.(t t« ecth— Lets in Hotladay map A.
$200 f»cli-bl» In tl'.e Falrmount. on Wilder
*t.. -hs:l! a block from elwtric cars.
$150 to $:UX> each— Lota in thi Excelsior Home-
stcst.'..
S. DUCAS CO.. «4« Market *t.. Chronicle blcig.
UALDWIN & STETSON. •
Real Estate. Rent Collectors.
ISAtraMev
317 Montrcmcry st. !
T«lerhone Grant 137. f
$21,300 — Rent $VC1« per annum; pays over 10 ;
per cent net: corner: 3-1 f*et frontasre;
Western AUdltton: eferant new modern
flat.
$11.000— Facing Markit st.: 3 eiecant new
modern flats: rent |1C5O per annum: 23x
1W».
$7,C0O— Eaulake residence; S rooms and bath
and basemcr.f Pacific Helshtf; 2S:5x .
127 :S.
$7.0CO — Rent S7S0 per annunj, and room for
another building; Rwod MUfion business
ctrner.
$5,210 — Verj' cozy home; cottage of 3 rooms
and bnth and attic: half block from
Duboce Park.
$-j.15O— Karcatn to clcs^ estate; marine vUw,
Sot ."H>xl37:C; In midst of msnriofls.
$2,750 — Choice Western AiMiUon lot; iOxlW;
to close estat*: a real b*realu.
BALDWIN Jt STETSON. 317 Montgomery st. [
IH3INT RICHAIONd" 5:i ¦
IS GROWING FASTER
THAN ANT OTHER TOWN
IN THE STATE
IIe^n^V^t^c? IB * BAL iS5£g£
lots 2SSSSS3SS orpORTU * r " ES -
ready to build cn.
streets graded.
c1tuaikn sidewalks.
>. $3 monthly.
McEWEN BROS..
11> MONTGOMERY ST.
AVIUTK &H1AYLEY.
Successors to
W". J. WHITE.
$575— Elisabeth at.; 25x114; $50 down.
f«0 — Carte tt av*.; ::i*xi20- level.
$:,CCO— Corner Point Lcbo« ave: 32x100.
$'axti> — S-room house; 27x137: Geary st.
$50CO— New flats; Lake St.: half cash. 1
Printed list, city and country. ¦ . •
Z« MONTGOMERY ST.. ROOM S. )
INVESTMENTS; larce or small; list ftee. ,
$42t< — 4 tlats; new: rented low, $1SO. -
- $47(i0— « flat*. 5S3CO— 2 flats." '
Let? — Sth ave.. near Transfer cer.- f!250.
Near t7th and Castro st«: sunny: $SCO.'
Get list. A. W. BELL.' 211 Montgomery ?L , -
REAL ESTATP^-r-CITY — FOR SAI.r
boarJdman"bros. & cb..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
1** MONTGOMERY ST
CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
$S3.000 — Downtown business corner; stores an<1
hotel; gcf.l modern building; all leasp |
with good security; paja ifjj per cent
absuluicly net.
$45,C0C— !)th-»t. investment: Icrge lot; 2 fror.t-
ajre3; $21C0 a yar. and can be improve,;
to ray nearly double.
$37,500 — Very choice Valencla-st. investment.
!arge double frontage; lot and substan-
tial Impruvements paying $2>wJ0 a year.
$35,0C0 — Front-st. corner; brick improvement
paying $2160 j:er annum.
$2S.CC0— California st., north side; 8 splendid
substantial fiats; S2Wt> a year; always
• rented: brick walla b>:twot?n huuses;
lot 110x127.
i $2^.C00 — Near Tine an.l Powell; medern flats:
$2125 p»r annum.
$!S,Cf" — Near Hyrle and O'Farret!: a gooi
cheap 30-ft. lot; large house; renting
for $75.
SHJ.OCO— FcU st., near Fll!mnre; S eletrar.t mod-
ern and sunny flats; $l.V»0 p«>r annum.
Hi CCO— Close to G. G. Park; 4 attractive
modern flats; «i:iso a year: 40 ft. lot.
S13.5CO — V.'ebster-st. flats; new and hand30.T.e;
$1,150 a year.
; $12.500 — Folscm->it. corner: good frame lm-
• provements; runt $1CO a month; this la
$12,uCC— Castro st.. near 17th: 3 handsome
modern flats; an excellent investment;
$!2eti a year; paying nearly 9 per cent
$12,CCC— Noe St.; 2 blocks from Market; 3 flna
1 , modTn flats: $1330 a year.
I $S,250 — Waller, r.ear Pierce: ." el-gant innden
flaw. With low rents, paying $840 yearly.
I $7.250— North line Grove, nr. Baker; 2 good
i flats; ir.cdern plumbing; $•><> yearly.
$7.CC0— Near Broadway an<i Van Ne?s» ave.; 2
comfortable fiats: $720 a year.
I $5. COO— Tehac:a. near 5th; -i elegant little flats
I In fine shap*: *!"2» a year; 11 per cent
net: lot adjoins Howard-st. frontastes.
$3,750— Clara st.. near 4th; Z flats: will pay
$4O a month ami always rented.
$2 SOO— Mission investment; store and flat;
$321 per annum.
DO YOU WANT A HOME?
$13,CCC— Northwest ccmer. nnt far from Pan-
, handle; very comfortable 11-room resi-
dence in good condltlrn.
JS.75O — Jackscn at., north Une. nr. Buchanan;
attractive, nedfn S-room hotiso.
jgOOC — New 3unny modern home: Presidio
Heights; b rooms; flne location.
$7,5CO — Choice section of Western Addition:
attractive 9-n;cm house; modern.
$3 230— Wesfm Addition; comfortable, sunny
hortw; * rcoms: in good condition.
|j CCO— Miasicn hom- of 6 rooms; modern
plumbing: beautiful garden ,and flnt
view; before buying l<v>k at this.
|3 000— McAllister st.. near Golden Gate FarK:
very pretty modern cottage.
jo 500— 27th st.: 2-story house. 7 rooms; a
' substantial and conircrtable home.
•s COO— Vallejn. near Pcntt; eleeant' marin<»
' view; lot n7:fxl.T7:e.
$2 1C0 — North line Grove, near Lyon; lot Z3x
137:«: this is a gr»at snap.
$1 ECO — Sixth ave.. near Goltten Gate *"a. K.
cood business location : a sn * t> -_- w
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO..
13S Montgomery st.
$17,000.
f ~
ON THE PANHANDLE BOTTLEVARD.
A modem lO-r'v-m house and 50-foot tot:
large lawn and beautiful outlook; the best
value ever offered. Information of H. R.
COOPER. 77C Market st.
417,000.
$1 23 PER week: no interest: lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level; no grad-
iri to do: ready to build your little horr.3
en; close to c!>?clric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
20 Montgomery et., rocm 5.
$!2.roo — NOT yet comr'-eted; re-ts $1320 per
y««r: '¦'• manne-view Tats; N. line Green st..
lst}4-«!6-»'«< (>r»»r. *:., K. Lagur.a: every room
is and will be sunny; ever^ r-^ssib'e latest
improvement. Apply at ths premises frsni
2 to 5; lot £3x137:0.
; TWO I^ta rn 221 av», T!<-3r P^Int Lrbcs av<». ;
nffere-l at sacrifl>-5 m accctint of. owner
leavirg city. 3155 Btstaer st.
FOR sale cheap by o«M — KIM larsf" marine
view lot on Jackson st.. ne^r Cherry. Bex
255. Call office.
BARGAIN — C^t:a;». 5 rooms and fcath; In
25x114. U40 Jersej- St.. near Castro.
S425O — A FINE pair flats: west of Castro st. :
almost new; must ssll. Owner. 414 HcfTn~.^ir..
;iU5«>— ASHHURY ?l.: let 23x78. Beautiful
visw. Address 13TU Folscm rt.
$1200— COTTAGE 4 rocrcs: lot 2.'sl23: 150 f»»t
from Guerrerc-srt. cars: $230 cash, balance $11
V«r month MISSION REALTY CO.. 2
Twenty-ninth at.
BUILD your unimproved realty: we lean fu:i
ccx»t Uupiur. and part lot at •iC. MANHAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
FINE c*r., 7SxSO. nr. Market St.: 6 blscs*
west City Hall. Rood 217. Parrctt build:33.
ALL work guarKr.te»d first class by AHL-
BAC1I & MAYER. Plumo-srs. H33 Howard st.
CHEAPEST an.J best in Am-rica — Th« Week.y
c»n. i« pages. s»nt to any a.Mresa In ths
Urs!te<! States or Canada one year fcr $1.
BSAZi ESTATE (Coostry) TOB SSAI.I:.
ALFALFA. FRUIT. VINEc
10.n©O RICH ACRES
Now Open to the H jmeseelcers.
We are now selling the grvat wheat farrr>s
of the late Senator Coszs in 40-acre tracts
at the average price of $50 aa acre; large ca-
nal will irurpfy sburdar.t irri;a:ica at $1 an
acre arnualiy; frte water risftc goes with the
land: this la a deep river sediment aotL highly
adapted to VU highest pr>duoticn cf al;'alfa.
oranges*, peaches. : - < -. pnir.es. sugar beet?!
vines. t?mato*». corn ard at! vegetables!-, de-
lightful location on the banks of the Sacra-
mento River: cheap river transportation. Terms
quarter cash, fcalunc* 2, 3 and 4 years at «i
per cent. Produces 20 sac!t3 of wheat an-
nually, alrorst the ?r;ee of t>.« !i.-.i. Sen?:i
for illuatrate-t catalogves*.
CHOICE PKN1NSULA PROPERTT.
$."^CC — Choir* 5-aere jlacc; lloi»nti»iri View;
modern cottage: barn; all in flue orchard;
cheapest place down ths peninsula.
$:C»f>0 — JO acres near M?rcsd; aU excellent
land; £r.e water risht: 10 acres alfalfa: 10
acres orchard; s°od bouse and outbuiUtnsj-
a barrain.
$»^O — l»n acres near AnJ loch. Coatra Costa
Ctounty: 4O acres orchard: ali fine land; hju«,
barn. ehJckea-h'T'js*^: very cheap. •
GREATEST fTOCK RANCH IN THE §T %.TE
23. COO acres; ever ULCGO acres wheat an>i
tartey land; well water-*!; to clcse estate a:
lesd than $6 an mow.
C. M. "WOdSTER CO.. C4S Market st- *
PRETTY HCMES
POTVX THE PENINSULA
OAKWOOD PARK TRACT.
FAIR OAKS.
Beautiful villa sites, H4 to 5 acre lots:
beautifully wooded with live oaJca: surrounded
by handsome homes: enjy 50 minutes" ride
frcn: S»n Fra:^-isco: pric- $5T0 per lot and up-
ward; less thaa half of . asSctes price o; ad-
joining property : send fcr catalogues.
- PALO ALTO.
Pretty wroded site* faclns Leland StaafiTrtJ
University and lrrsied:a:ely adjotnlss; the
town;^arge Iot3: Urst cost; call cr seat! for
cataloracs-
REDTVCOD CITY.
Pretty vtl!a sites 10 minutes* walk from
depct. . Redwood CRy: caly $il»: $3O casS bal-
ance monthly. Choice 5-ac-re tracts $1C«X>;
cn!y $23 33 per tnosth: basA sale.
$«5C0— El»sant home. PALO ALTO: tot 130x
250; 9 band;>0tne caXa; tacdera resxdcBc* ot 3
rooi;s: cbeai".
$3^0— About 7 acres, haadsctnely wooded: 1
mile from d<jfet at Beltaont: pretty S- rocta cot-
tage: stable; runnls* stream; v«ry cheap.
Call or send fo*- catalcsue el pretty botses
den tbe ceniBstiia.
$33 aa j---<- :>;¦:--;. l tana sear Ciiro; SK»
¦~v
$11 40 aa acre — S10O acr»» oa bazjea oS tie
Sacramento River. GI*aa Coutsty.
925 an acre — 1S60 acres rtva Izai. a3 ra
grain: alt cndur >. i-i". trrtsatius; *t". i=-
proved; great t<inj-»ia.
$30 aa aer* — Sl*> acre*; Siliaa* V»n»yt alt
In train: p*rt ucv»«r »vte«!t«<V brtt*at!oa c*-
nai; good bay,
$2ntt» — t3-a<T» crcfcurvl; and poacttee:
at M->rc*n lU'.J. 5*ar»tA Ctarst O>unty: ctv»
worta $UC0 *•.¦«« '•U'* ti« »Jac«: gr«at l>»u?-
gats.
C. M. TtOOartKB CX\. a-V» Market st.
IX>l*11.THt AN1» KliCIT FAR!*
IN THK CVUKSUATCO AVPLK DWrRICT.
you vuoick L.\\i>»
IN SVNTA t'UVi CK .VONTKRSY CO.
Wttte cr c»U o» H. K. QIj l.VN, 2.". Chronic;*
' $KXt» CAT.vicHiUS*
SO ACRta u«.«x tv^»n, csntr*] A.'arr.Cvia, Coun-
ty l I* *v«'<m t'» choice v«riet!«ja-uino grape»
«Wt «r^> i» ws*h>; i-room h .^.,,;-. barn.
Vvuttrv-hs>u#ea, «t»;.. includinc aJl peraunAt
irvi % *»ly oa i!j* p!n.c«; vr»c* fS:>(» for quick,
«.*'<?. owner « «ith>w. H. H. CRAJ4S.
8w» CaJAfetata st.
.V TRACT " f fan>L southcriv part of Moatex«y
Cvanty. KOtHLSK. JXJ& Ssventeeatl* »LTHE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MAY 22, 1904.
43
FRUITVALE ADV'BT'S'-a'XTS
mnTVALK H-U. KsTATC
STNDICATE INVESTII—XT CO-Ii'ANr.
— »s* ESTATE
afONirr to lojln.
EtELOW — TlLUu BS FOUNO A PARTT.VL
f LIST OF PROPERTY WHICH 13 O3TF_i____»
[ FOR SALE BY THIiJ COitPAXT.
| Secsres a mest cc-_?I«te cot-a*e hc_s« wttit-
I ta cne block of Dewey Acisool: fruit tre e* a_Kt
\ £?* "»rt-a: aa ideal Frultvaie aome; lo«
I •• :Cx__3; sever e'ered f jr sale fceJ-r-.
New «-ir sen hot»e. tw j blocks Srca ii-«a-s;»
I local to city, front ias oa P_t=__a «t-. Tri:i-
; v_is ; tha is o-Tsred a: U« t__.V its v_:_e;
| U— s_ caa b* arr an«*d to »_it purchauMr.
*__zo.
! Her- is a (_-« Boti««. near brr«i-*a &*¦* traia:
s mesoa; to-* t^-.Uss as<t open pit— i_iaa-; e_sy
> ter=v: caC aad L*k at prci*rty b-Ccrs _ayi__.
„ 2 $sax
5-W3 hcis;, w:-._; at! m?<ier3 is prjv»-
j _at_,t_; fotir bracks from iocai. corner lot; *—
oa about »_
__ $:_-o.
_"=?_*--«= e-tta«-: cla;a m»-t l- . Urs-
tot. 1JHW; ctickia :¦;«. Gtea a—fc. Ail«a-
i -^ Tract -
Cc_T S-fjotn hous*. ¦ i- * '. sear ?*mfa«iry
I? ywx ar» lackinc far a tar-- feet«-« «.-d
: — ruadsi let us show yea th:s b«a-t:^_. =-«_— .
I tccated ca Merrlii ave.. I rao___, ,w;__ *_4 n.«-
¦ era irEirovi-iecrj.
rsxn
Fcar-rocm honse _mi bath ; 2_e " w«Q of
' water: let SCxlia
$13-3.
Ccxy 3-rocm. 7- feet base— ;ent: Irt 3T:£xl23
feet; sr.i:: bara; cftickea-hcuses; eajy PAJ-
s-.er.rs; Z tiock. trOta (tatioc
$itco.
H:_s« cf 4 — ;-j aad tata; M er_U9 f»-t:
this n_ay b« the very home y«.u are looking for.
Ranch of IS. SCO acr— i witai- ICO mi>« of
Saa Fraaclsco for sale; aU a— t-c_-sa *»-•:.
sui-ahlc f :r subdlvision ista traall trac-*; raii-
roa>i station and n->vis_h!e river ca an« side;
wij rtaari fullest investigation: it rey— *— ji»
an apcareat profit c£ $1 ».CCO to -the n__a who
wUl su-<livi<te_-lt.
$:*«> .
Two acres* of laad on> H:?h street, sear Ver-
nna station. f?r sale; thi» is » r>:d buy tcr
aay cne waatiag -jr-a^e pr.rerty; -.- -.-_-i
____
J13.COJ;.
Thirteea acre-, of !_=._ ia the M«he«rt rxla-
vatioa; 7-r we _ .?* 2 :it.< i*,'X>-<allO3 y »"».
S acre_ in be^r variety o- cfter n*s; 3 t.'.-vj o;*t»
ian<l: withia saort — -Stance frDca tie tDWTi O_
gaa Ui- .t,. set* 1U s<er -±r.; ever and i, . . *
n -.-.?'- rer -———_: l_Ia i3 aa b_a_J hcsM
.fsr asy cna.
514CO.
Guod buildinr. wit.-x fiae let. close to Fr-it-
¦• i .-: station, fcr sale.
|MM
L_rzs Ic* with buildias f^r t_aau'acr_ri-x
r -"¦?•?". ¦:..¦»* tii itatloB. fcr *_.• at * frriX
tar rain; _s_Ul P-VBai a c.*».
JCCO.
Let close to Frmtv_ie statioa far B— — is-—s>
purj poses; ora:e very r-a-«-_v_:e.
$130 TO $_30.
About 1C0 lots -till remain -.-j .' i la _!»•
Hem^hill Tract. fr:at:ss cb Sas Leandro read,
lire* biocij beycci KU- St.; fc_If of tsis tr_;t
has air^ady been sold acd th« l-r.ir: ca ac-
count cf l*jw sri-fs is L-ireas'.as i-very day;
c^sh or fc— itj ilia lest.
fiCO.
Very deairahle lot fr:ar!2_- ea Putnam st..
frcr blocts frcm local tra_i: rsr— uadei by
fiae houses aad the only hit left ta th« bloc*
fcr laU; th:» u a d— irahie piece cf srspertjf
a_~t hmbMi la sric».
$230 EACH.
Fifteen lots la tie *i"iisley Tract for sa-*;
size uf lots 30x1 J3 ea-i.
$23O.
Elrhtsea lots withla four h!o:ks cf tie sta-
tic- fcr «i.». -3xlC3; -rill ssil ess 1st w'.ti a
ptivlls_e.
FRUTTVALE- ADJOINS THE CITT Ln_rT3
OF OAKLAND. VT*: AP.E IN THS OJCN-
TRT. YET V/E HAVE 7H_ ADVANTAGE
OF THE CITY— WATER. OA3. ELECTRIC-
ITT. SEWERS. STREET C\RS. _a_D£_»
SCHOOLS. ETC.
HUNDREDS O?* SAN FTTAVCrSCO BC-
NSS3 PEOPLE LTT-: IN FRUTTVALE. TK3
TlilE REQUIRED TO JIaS. THS TIU"-»
L3 S3 MIXUTE3. .VNr> THS F.VRS 13 CNLT
5 CENTS.
TO REACH jr'RLITV'ALE T-OCE T-TS
BKOAD-OAUGE FERRT AT THH FOOT O^
MARKET 9T- S ~_ OAKLAND LOCAL,
AND GST OFJ* AT FP.":t\-aL_; STATUS
tLAST^TOPX
SYNDICATE INVESTlIiNT COStPANT.
Ccraer Basset* a=d Putaam stx.
Fruirra:-. CaL
CHARLES F. LEE. Ph«r.» V_« 254.
Office Half Blcck Frr— Frjit?*!* S^tion
$»?«> — 4 Iar-» lets. !5«>x_S*»: shia»:ed cabin 1_X
14; immense sha-te treea. >>»::» vtrres aad ffaw-
*r- . nice rard-nr on the hills; beautiful vtew-
$3C0 casa. ba_«r.e- $3 costhly.
$lCfO — *3Co cash taUsce $19 monthly; house
c* « roc_3»; elca* to street cars aai school; lot
3Oxll».
SljiX 1^- SV.t* cash: new prrtta*-- cf 4 roast, aatf
bath. h:ga b?ij*_3«nt; chioSea-yard; nice ftVrw-
ers:_»«rs- to !-«caI train and school; lot _*xl__,
$1730 — Elesaat 5-rc— n bucra!cw cct__«e.
tat>. hijs ba-flaient. stsri-nary -r_*Jtr___; clcs*
to Incal trai-, seaoc! and cars; Ict 33x123.
$2I«V-$30O cash: teautif-i colonial — ttas»
r< 6 rwca and bath; lanes •:-*--.-. sasai; *¦ \-
ble; chicken- yari: s:ce sardea; close ta car»
aa_seheel; lot 3«xl23.
*22SO — C:tt__;» ef 5 rr>— _s. b«th. paatrr.
hish ba3ement: 3 chicken -¦.--« «a-1 y_rr!»:
r<— /er» and v-*-t_b!* garden: kjt _3x2»n> fr— it-
icjr ca 2 street-; *%?> bash, bal-sce !:»_• r— it.
$13 Ecnthly aart own y-»ur home: . a 1<tv»:»
5-rcca. ba:h. taatry. M*t» h«seai— it. brick
fatrauSaUca cctta^e; "-«.- L- —-;•-• : -<-• r«:-'. .:-.r--
ricr; steel -,ir*V batth: handscra* p»!n»
trees, full rearir,? froij tree- aad ffowera la
abundarce: 3 block.- froc? the car !i_«j: ir-de«J
schcr.I clca«» by. and let 7Txti:»; ody $3ou caaa
required: crtc* all tcUt. r.73ft ._-
$2rco— -I x!era cott_««. Cie~ f Aaa<« s*t>. of
3 lar-* noniat bmstif-l art oa.ttf!: Ur— » sta-
fct*. frB!t trees, *)«rr}*— asd H<<w-r- in ahaa - •
dance: lot STxlTP: efes. to a fin- school aad
str»-t ears: «n th* s!:i3.
f73 lota ia the beaut! ful ftnum \jr*> Tract; Czt*
sell; jfraal vf#w; ne-— hrmes mrtfly grsisg tr-t
no c!E«i wlsds or we? f-a;-, *nr! lots cniy $75
earh: $3 down MUr.-? $2 . T| > r«r nr^nth
CHARLES F. LEE. I2_2 Fruitvaie _~_
FOUR acr--. with awiem -•-,;> taf:i. _t-*-
hoese act carrUty? hc'H*: !a bea-"nT fnttt
trv«-: cnv?fli«-t f> car Tc*: prtce> $33<**_'f«
L. K ?ALS3f»Y. Frultral- are., n-^rr P.
O.. Fr_i:va:» station.
OAKLAXP^ADYT'S-il^Ti.
OFFICE, 1113 BI-OAinCAT.
O*KIA\I> HK.U. OTATK.
TAYLOR BROS. * CO..
F>al E.«t_:«r. I-_3r»rc* as.i Rnaacii? A*r-t-.
Phr.ae Ovlar -St. IZW Biris'tway. Oakland C^l.
KESIDENCE LOT— A SCSAP.
ttZC— I>-t 4CX1T0 ft.: uaob-rra— -4 Tt-- of
Lake - -terrttt asd focthilla: at leas t— aa
c=e-half the prt»r» «' a«!!n:atn«; Iota.
A C _-.'_> INVEST S2.ST.
S223»'» — Or» of _•_» *.-.;-- ronw !^ Feriita
K-rithts; 173 ft. frontacv: s_?rot__d«tl by
b*a_tlf_! hcmes>; location Haft aad »_£_£-
ly; «rv ericeitln^ Laka Mtrrnt; this is a
carr-ia at $-X€0.
$_£C&— 1 12-ft. cora«r -a West st-. east frcat:
__ts !.«'.—. .-; ts \'.rt nr i: taken U9
and ia jure to iarrei_s« ia "value; ma_e
offer.
INCOiTE PT-OPERTT.
TCCCO — Elejaat N/W. correr en West jt.. rlca*
la: t«o cfittiiw on lit. with inos_-.» *47 3«J
p-T eaoBth; owner Jea-t-j city and must
sell.
A SNAP IN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$_£C<* — Two cotta— ? a of 3 —cms each. SO ft.
freatas*. reatlaj; frr C5 o—r uunth: N--
t— ta W«*st»T aad B— *c5way. «hcv« 7th
st,- tais ta a decidedly «oo<_ toy aa«!
istrits t3-«st-sa:kra aad w*_I doula l_t
valtw .
TAYLOR BROS. A CO.
1235 lir :•* i »-:¦ . O____3x_» Cat
$lf*> C4SH. $-*> m-nt_iy: new 3-mra i eotta**;
j_» e _ ftS c_e-.t. cot_et_»e_ aad ehxc-ea-fcous--,.
tarn «te - str-ani of r_a__3< water; *:*>
_-^f weii -ad rtty wat^-r: latn«_ie "„__.-•:
*M cak t—e*: rVh iacdy Io«ra sotl; frolt aad
tUrw*ZT • tea aU fenced: -HixlOC; eta inak-
t- ~>«x_V,«>- two m-trad-aiL***-. streets: aa H— a
Uesf-— i -3d «--S— : rrice rXCO; away fro-a
Joii and wiwls; _»ijciaia- East C*_x___; ;
£_-_. c--^^ «yg Oto
j- O r "*_-citlltionaI Clct-S-fled ii il ¦ r i tl—
ments Sec Paje Forty-Foxa,
| FBUITVALE ADV'BT'S'M'IS'TS
!• V RITIT VALE KF.U. ESTATE.
H- A. PLEITNER. Fra Utv_U» -txaoc, Cal.
51I3O— B*y-wi__.ow cottase of 4 rocrns. hall,
etc; «^X5_ Kwenjt; cessest wa_ u: fruit
trees, lawn and flawsrs; tarn; chfekca-
houses: lot 37:5x100; 2 bloclu from Fruit-
vaie tcca! station: most easy tern-s; pric*
reduced for c-icit saie.
$135O— N=w mo-ers coct__-^, of 3 rocn_*. bavth.
hail: miiai-tc-nt view>; pud celgtbcr-
hoed: lot 3CX144; wtth fruit trees, berries
and r.*w f-nctn?: 2 blocks f— j— . Fruit-
. v__c-«Te car He*: oS^red _t _ s_;.-.f.;*
for early d:sr*_«Al aai ea your own wr__,
cirs«r joins' north.
CISCO — New tx,tta-« ct 4 rrocrs: all modern;
lot 3* 1 -! ••. 2 blocks frora i~r--::-._;- it«-
ticn; about <13u cash tlown. ba> Lzace oa
easy mc-th!r pay— ;ents-
$1SC«> — New modern ccttajre cf 4 _rs» roc-aa.
ha!L tath a_ci high basement; lot 33x104 ;
stre»t work coisricta: cissest ¦araL__. etc.:
fronting en car Use a-.l ta chcics relyh-
borhocd; a~ All taa down, baiarce sacxa
as rent.
$1*30 — New cottare of 5 rocaisand reception
hall : ¦ fotdiag; door*, etc ; lot 50xlUO; 1
block iron local statloa.
-1400 — Fine cottare cf 4 roon_». bath; base-
nieat all frjcr*i: bam; fruit trees; ax__.I
sea dews, taiaace Sli per nxnth.
?1373 — Gocd. substa-tttol and newly t_:-:«i
cottars of 3 — cn_f. bath. hall. — .aateL
etc; barn, chick* --house: lot SOxX-O: I
blcck frod electric car line; easy terars
tt desired. x
S1S3O — ilc<_ern h— _» nt 5 rjoins acd batn-
rocta. crantel; all : in good cor.<«.:t:cn; tot
37x115: fruit trees, ehofc* Cowers, etc; 1
blcrck frsia 23d-avr-. car lire.
S1S75 — Very ceai cott^«« of 4 !»—;<» roens.
ha_I. halh; attic ai: ffmore>l: basetrrent.
etc.; lot 50x273: 1 blcck ncrth cf Eist
l*th st. aad walttaj distance to Fruit-
vale station. -
$2200 — Very ftce cettare of 4 mot--, la— re
hall, bath; floored ba_»— lent; -racer
reuse: chcie* pla-tta ar.d fruit t— «s; lot
70x114; block J— «a Fr_itva!»-av-. car
Use.
S_00<> — Nsw and attractive cottaare rtt 3 r»— js.
reception nail, bath: all strictly rr-^rn:
tot 50rl23: chclce I;>ea.tfc3 aad clcae M
cars and S. P. station; terra- to suit par-
chaser.
$2100— New modern cottar- cf 4 extra Unr*
rooms: hlyh ba— atest: all Cocred: Ict
~tx200; chickga-housea. etc: lo^ratloa
handy to car» as-i schcol aai cteairahl*
for ralsias chi<?k*rs.
$2500— N-— ar.d rr.azaiflceat rr>tt_jce cf 3 lar-*
rood*, reception halL tath: ras a=.J etec-
trte cembfn.-_irn ftxrares; f^ldi-r drort:
brick mantel; Irrc ated en 11th ave.. Ea-it
Oakland; lot 30x125; caa be bcujht oa
tt~ S3.
$300 — GoM 3-rsem fcocse: 2 tr.rxrks trota
Fruit-T-!»»taMon: otj t— — ea<— »»r~ n.
H. A. PLETTNSR. Frultvale station. Cal. -
W. E. P.UDELL. P-E-\.L ESTATE.
Cor. Fruitvaie ave. and Washica-t™! at..
F3UITVALE. CAL.
Office hours — S ». n. w 5 p. a., Ssaiays in-
cluded.
HOW IS THIS FOR A EOM_ AT FF.UIT-
VALE?
$24CO — Beautiful noo_«ra cctta«e; 6 roo=s aa.i
fcath; ciaatet: stationary wasttrays; hi«!»
b-setnent; electric light*; corner lot. 4^x!
1-5: abundance of Sowers an- fruit trees;
near car line; gaol _eL?_bcrhco<i.
$330 — Cot-ire. 4 rocras: lar; ce lot; Cowers,
fruit trees axtd T«set*_le.: 4 bioc-ts frora
car line: % trail cajh cavraeat. talascr
sa— :e a* rent.
$47.0 — A crand home cs Fruirvale ave.; I
rocnu. bath and modem ccsvenieneea;
coraer lot. *lx207: deccrated gardens; va-
riety at fruit tree-; stable with 2 bo— .
stalls; nice driveway: take a look at this
prccerty; It will pleas* yau.
$1SW— Cottage. « racr_?. bath, tase-wst: lot
C7:«Jxl24; alley is rear; near station aai
school; a bargain.
$2C€O each — 2 cottages in course off constr_e-
ticti; g^xxi locatica: s^aad view; lots 50X
123; sccail cajh pay-aenis down, b_iaac«
to suit purchasers.
$2CQ0— THINK THIS OVEB.
A 2-stcry hocse. s roorsa' asd bath: fcija i
tase— .eat: fact _ad cold water: good well
wt;h fcro? pucsp; chicken houses acd runj;
all kinds of bearia? fruit trees: black-
berry, ras; berry aad carract bushes; vefe.
tables; corner lot. 133x143: fenced aad ;
cress fenceil; 2 olocits free; car line aad j
scfeool; terras $300 cash, -a»cre aay cli
way.
SOME BARGAINS ON FRUITVALE AVE
$37C0 — New modern house en Fruirvale ave.;
lot 40x130.
$47GO — Cottage. * rocos; corner lot. Slx207; a
sxacd tern*
$.«30O— Cottage. i<> rec— a: lot 143x29?; 3 tain- '
? utes' walk from station.
S~?O- — Hauae. 10 rooms; 27th ave.: let 3CS-.72. j
For rest — N«w cctt**e; 5 rocras; rest $!•> per ;
cracta.
W. E. RUDELL. COR. FRUTTVALE AVE.
AND WASHINGTON ST.
FRUITVALE CAL.
OFFICE OPE_N SUNDAYS.
H. BARK1IETER. 12C*> Fruirrale av-..
Near Fruirvaie statics. CaL
$5C0 — Coxy eettaje of 2 larf^ roe__s; hard
flaished: chicken houses: lot l&Jxl-O; 2 blocks ;
frcni car tine; easy terms.
$133<> — $1CO cash, balance $13 per month: '
modem bay window eottag* of 4 rco— * and :
bath; hira btuement; lot -7:3x123: —.-.r. alley !
in rear: abundance of ficwers> and fruit treea |
ia bearir?; near school aad Iccal train.
$17C0 — Modern o:::ar* of 4 roo— -i zed bath,
pantry, elects, etc.; h.ca baaenieat. partly .
Coored: ea. and fixtures: ceraest wallu; a; i-- :
dance of fiawers aad a___li fruits: a variety '
of fruit treea tn bearias: '-, biocic trcm car :
lin<» aa»J 4 b_ac_» frt-st Fruitvaie station.
$235O — New. art-Rle bcnralow of 3 rccs;
pcrceUla bath, all the Utest Improvements: .
teas ceiliajrs. flae s_an:*l acd sideboard. el«c- i
trie l!*hu. etc. ; Iat 5C_0_"J; cas bloc— frota '¦
Fru!tva> art.
»_.'•.'¦ — Fine country home oa macadamized '
road: ccttage of 4 rcom-. bathroom, p— ntry *
aad cloae-c. all la Crst-ciass cenditton; '-:«-.
basement; _ir;- tot. (Hi S*> fenced and :: )•¦
fenced; abundance of fiowers and fruit trees
iat beartas;: 0 chicksa houses and: j— ._.. bara; .
city watsr: worth laveatiyatlcs;.
*.-"¦¦•> — 4 1-3 acres of nae v«s^»table laad: i
ab«'Ut 1 '-• tens in beaxtas crch.ir-i ar.d .- — a.; '
fruit; ccc-1. hird finished house cf 5 rooms; i
larye bar-i aad chicken hou*»; ifwd well, etc.;
4 blocks froa car I:a«: so rea-ocable offer re- ;
fus*d, ma owner ia forced ta sell.
|5G00 — Beautiful couatry hoa_» ia Emhurst.- [
near car lir.e: 4 acres in orchard: cottiar? of 5 j
rocms and bath; All modern; 2-story bara. ca r- i
rta-e-hou«e> and stable.
?2230 — M->lern c-?ttas;i? of 4 rooms aad ri::-. •
completely furnished; larre reception bail, high 1
basement: beautiful Cower s^rdea aatl fruit j
trees in bearlai;: lot 7T>xI15; near 2 car lines: '-
t-d- place is w^rth larestlsattax as owaer is »
S^ias to Europe. For -articulars apoiy to IL ¦
BARKMETEIl. 12^rt Fruitvaie avi_. Fruitvaie. )
Cat.; tel. Brook 833.
¦ i
" ELROD & HULL.
30 — $700: 3C> chi=k*aa. 2 i-wr-batcn". brocd- :
ers and brooder ho.sj*; chickea-ho—ws aaj [
yardj; nor* e. haraesa adl bu^jry; ene c_i:e_ '
cow; all ru?<:e3!«arT t~__s for russlai a 2rst- i
class • •¦il'-.y tarm: oa car ail far a-Je '
fcr $7.^0.
10-rocm _<' v us9 aad hara arvf 3 a<™?3 of ;
as Biw land t* there is tn Ala— :e>Ia County:
•car^ fruit oa the pU.ce: this ts for — nt at $10
p<r m^ath.
23 — i'XV. SCO Laytsz harts: _o— « yriss; ,
chicks; pixectts: 6e!sl*a hares; A head ef »
ho— i: horse. haruess ch-etoa and snrias f
wajoc: farm tool.*; 2 iacuhat— - aad brocd- i
ers; alE nctressary t^ols fcr cocdactir.s a fi— it-
rlasa rooitry rarch: hous* ef 3 rw=i; Mith {
bas*_vr.:; bam: 2 arr»s of lanrf; rasae fr_it ;
tr»«8; fcr rent at $12-^0 p+T rj— : th.
27— ft2_«>: cctra-* ol 4 rcctr-a; -orne ynuns; i
fruit tree*; corner hM. I0CXI74: -rar.d vi-w: |
healthy Iccatlon; _-rowir» commaalty ; t-VJO '
1— #530: 4-ro— a cottar-; city water: 4 bljcfcs '
rrcm car line; let €0x113; some fruit frs-s and j
be— y buiies; En* s.jn; gomi neighborhood; {
H'H) cus^. balance $* «3 per menth-
C — $!¦•»»>: 4-rou— cctraee; lot 3». % xl_C: rxst I
:<3t=plete.l.
S — »_7iii; 4-rn«>-i cottage: hia-h ba?<°m<?nt: ¦
jn-r firll acr- ef c*cice land; un?«tu_!le_ fcr *
:ht<rk?n rr pise^i h^rtn—ra.
tfs-*W.*r. 2-«c— • tn— — : 8 larr- e:?yiat ;
too— s:. bath, hot aa'l cold water; uasurpa-sed '¦
•narln* v«*w; 2 blocks frnta car line; abus- [
iaace of berries. aaJ seme fruit tr"*:»: stahls j
m.l c'.icten ho_je_; corner lot. 110x113; must •
be «ild trsick. ,,
¦%Ve i<jve urn* acr-aan* crooerty for sale at •
i bor^mi-: ah»«j Ch-?ic«? btrft-l^s; tcts in th? res!- *
lentia.: portion of Fruitvaie. A few p___e» ta .'
rent, furnifhed ar.d naf-rsls^wl
ELROD A HrLL, 1310 Fru!tv_Ie ave.. l'i !
!>lccks treir i statica. ._ ,
SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DATS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. |
The terminus of 5-cent fare, liay— a.-4* cars; !
streets ¥ra<ie<J and _raveie»l: stcne sidewalks; \
depct on tr_ct: Usts from $30 to S2C<>: $_•> casa I
aad -alasce $10 per menth: 13 M--c'<» ta local '
Lr-in; best located property on Saa Leandro ;
road: ¦traded school on tract. Apply to S. E-°|
AUSTIN. 1151 Twenty-third ar-.. Oaklaad.
-ATHER Tract — Fruitvaie statics only 5 min-
utes' walk; Sather statf-n en. the gmxatia:
atso public school; rrad*i streeta; sawers;
eJectrtc tlshts; Kisy he— ea ccw betss; e— f«-
*r; will buiH to suit yea; lots " $_54> ey;
terr_» to plea.-* at*.
L. L. M. SALSSURT. as«it for Sath-r (
heirs. FruitT-Us av«.. near P. O. or iS> f
Mjntjgoaiery St.. San Fra inc^co.
rOTTAGS of 3 rooaxs; 2 blocks from Frait- >
vale station: Iarje lot; Re— em; cement ?
w_Pc«: csodera Is every r»s— »cr; a decided '
barrain: eaiy $•>(» cash, taiaace UX« rear- <
price $22_t}. L-L.il. SALSBURT. Fn_t- !
Tale ave.. near P. O-
(650 — LOT MxI23; »ewer. «x». el-ctrle Iigsu-
B-—r Fro *.tvale ave.
$723 — 3t-fcct front_ce oa Fruitvais av* ¦
WUt seU *ry cf tre afcove lots oa e*jy pay- }
n#sts. H. W. DAVI3. excluaiv* ajeat. 1215 i
rmitrale %rm.. I ttcel from station. Froitvaie. 1
- — — — - t
EX>R sale— 2 n«w tacdera hljn b-jeseat cot- i
ta— » of 4 and 3- roo_a; terms same as rent. I
1337 Bray a— t., • Froltrale. |
IiV".*l t>rui: •-.not-" K_.r "«-l-.
y _tr. v. £ r_ATL_rr T
ClilC__Z__i I'. » \"> •;;-;•: rV-u-_tViI-.::~,
' . v:;:c!!a::ce5.
str.."- ¦¦ - c- ¦-¦..; 57x- r__*a -r^*. «— '<:ii
; - uSUa :rc__ — _:_ko «.
. : -*a r.cre- U2:i_le; 2 tcai-
.•?;-•-: Bwt- «i :>.:.-. !_ •li-_i.: writ *-up^Ii<i4 nrtti
v -=l-r *i»-I aa at^^aci^u:;' r.Z live wai titnVrr;
'•: . --» err 9 e- -— ral j— ctcSa - I :itS- ¦ C-T".' _--—___.
.•<- ., — < iiuy a ;^ Tr.iw-i , r • .' — *>-vfBa. t_« tie—.
¦¦' fc_-ue«-_ ¦_:.:. . •- - - ad iti-a::; r-:ai
t.:a:i fagnry; Z*< screi. ~;> arrrs rlcit l>-t:r::i
.._••« trvL-trd; ii acr»s v:::»— :r_. «H
•-',*.* a'r»* aKslfa: w«.i frarcd axd
S~roe~- fc'^sse 2 ev->: bare.*. 1 : :*
.Jrmvf <r;-er ts.rE_l__i ia CS-S ea.ict'D *--¦-
-¦ .:¦'!.
-»-5<yv— li idH T--t- = : ; 5 jl, 7 cs-tea cf Saa.
- .- <: :n ~fB— 5__— I; ?-x-tt:-'".
zt.vfi> — t«-__nt -lairr --•'¦ r<^l*rr raitch.
n_t-e ri Uiwe; L'.\l '._.'.J: _ !a3_s^«; a-rrr; tflliot;
ihjfitry twttn-i; 2 liirqlaTQrt; 2 brooc!»r«; f-rra-
li; f'tic!*.: * <-i--s; : t.ars€S; ciwict-
ej_i ta_ r.-rcft.
• SiS" — I acres __ PlrC-t«m-«; Im;". ? rears: $17
per r,;-tr.: :^^y ft-rnoei cx?:i_«^; 23 j-3-itrjr
"u!i»t«; >_xujj r'«n»-^~J t-Ct wire nettir_:; brc-jc-
•' ~~ . i::>-ei_t : . . .. • . :;:c_. r.s ; r__it:y l>earu:j
on narti^
*i.Z.iA- In «_ riu «-r r«ta!arr_i: 2 T i K~~
BCas cjtia_>: tarn; ; r^tfuitry fc<n_««s; _ bro>r.d-
»r»;* I t3_CBt_»tar; _ wasau; l—raris: hers.;;
--i»-.. wi; 4_w c__«ke-_i; ai; ta b-arisj frdt;
M» 1 hoicm cf _c__ct {**--_---« 2-jtata aX ___«
•site-.
» * -3 mOes of ?aista Rcaa: 25jO acres: 20
•_.—).» i.;.»i:i *c.l; Z^xj csris rtt wood; touie;
ba_— .; rhas-nc ---ter.- It head cf eart>; 23 ht-al
tit b_Ks; ether bargains in this superb **etica.
?-' — '.rly 1 __]_¦ mt ti-rn; SO acres: hau-e,
r.e* : 13 acres bottaas __nl ;
. . - - zzl tssxts CCil: 2 5--"-i:-. r— tefcea. o-t-
¦ :_r_it_r«; force*i &ile.
*;•.-.< — Nrtir 2Itrc«i Citj. on s_a_a road: 40
"_;:«s .-.:.-. ..^.i;_; 5 acre, bearinj cllves. 10
*«;«* rifaifa 5-- arre* benring orchard : 2
*•,.- _. ur. Ur -iitct: £u« n;t*_re; 5 roorrts;
Heel wladtnill _•*: tar.; ir-sod barn; ta-__ec~t;
¦naxary; peattry ic-sscj; isc-tat^r _c_s«;s: _ic«
, tact,— 4! ; c__Os cr trad* bav cs'-nties pr jperxy.
... ALFALFA LANDS.
TSrk t:_»-k Un<i. near Stockton. Bfikd-Tt-wS !a
a__aa tra.-.« at $_3 j.-»r acre; •j=c-thir_ cf cr-jp
¦rtth rise*.
__fijo____j; tie tow- cf Ladl. both teariEg
-tr.«:.ari l--__ and ur-mprcveii _zid»r ditc^;
$I2S ta fXf-> per airre.
Kt> r«r arrt; 19 acre» up; under _;tch; 4-^
"— : .• < rrcm Ijodi. oa c_»te cs_-.ty rca3: a'so
:a_i ca t.'ie S\i_it:a-_* d::ca a_ fc— a* $i5 aa
G'"«Or> FltCPEP.TT WANTED.'
I '-ve #-rrra! rartit* -tch F.H>i taeiM-c* -rcr-
• ertT to tra*« fjr cfccir "—'"if —*——•*; _— •*
:"*i*'.r^-l_*c-*»; Ci;v casr: tuyers; liit your
r-^T*rty.
f_3C0— CO B-ret: S sii>s frrm Sa=ta Crui; 2*>
acr«* _a.er c_'.tlT_t:cr. ralar.ee rcl'.i-X -=*
so— e steep; *— aU ere___r_ ard vlae-ard. bear-
••r.it'. rood r-pBcaa fcssse. tar=. cutt-iM :_— :
bc^k Eorecie— _r»: fSflO down aa-i bilan-e
_c«T:tV.:r pay— -—is -.'. fltftn-
. SSO-^i— r<*t rare?? ia ?-ct_«— Orez^n: 320
acres: 2 •?• - B pt-— e__»— -»: wrll fenced;
t(r«-^ar•J B _*_— a; C«r____» tool*; ctitde rar*-e.
• S4.Z0C — SA -ere? daa* te ilcrrac -£__. Saar*
Cr» " - -"' a;re« t-^arrjr crchard ar.d
*!__— _t_ rr;s hfll paftrre: cice tard
* 5 rc:-r.*". c_rbcildics*: fine
_: :I. -raie fjr Inct—** city property.
» — ¦ - C rrKes froc- cocrtcauae: VJ
*" - - - air* ri--— ar4. bKj__«. a-__*c____ss*;
-t— *3-s aesur R*il EBScC
« " - : - -¦ ra-tdi ir. ran Joac-in Cotiatr.
• -•¦ - - — and Lo^i: -net— ' r-ar rsr-
:', . eoac. cu»_«ildirjr* bare, corrals;
«%0 acres rtc!> Uad, 1 asile cf Calavera- River.
ct Blt-B r _1: r-urt-ac- S'JOtiO: — OB-_ Srade tcr
_r*t-c:a«» prcp-rty near city.
$,<.Vtj — N*-r Ne-rca*?_«; 21 arre*: oraaares.
t-J-tUt* pr»e__-i >--.r~is r-'-^^» aad acpies:
»— • a - - bewe: cn*r *ir-^ low-;; tave
i-;r«.-- - __¦ rlcislty f— — 1 $1000 sp.
• «?CC'"' — 1* scrw, all tn arnrota just ecss-
irri-v.f ta !-_r; «r n_3e- frota i Sa.s JTcsae; love'.y
tadE*: I-UT <*»h.
«:?-<¦- V c —.o— a City: SU a— e»: a!! Terel;
f:*: * ;:"t. '.em. wtea-B-B. taEkhrru«»: 13 pocl-
'zry »co*t asd y_re>: ft-j_i alfalfa; s?ri.-«
-"- - *- ii*» r!ick<rs«: fe^tho__e.
_cr-« ««.*t cf Saa Jcae; 123 acres
_S r --'* ««_t
. j>ri it_rr:r fer rrtated !:»t.
" * -THITB _t I'.AVLET. /^
* • ' gaJtwaec- t> »
. .. . W. J. WHITE.
"^ It •¦:;¦« B-ery >".. iloo— B.
. . t.r-"«-rty Lirh-rft ¦> r .~rc--»lty.
. .¦ i 7: / ~:c hanches a specialty.
. 'V fere a. jc-«_4a_ Ariaeest. Uexico -tr>ck
'r-ajeft--* fer t^<•;r Icr _-ra_:r.c — vast tracui
. . • ¦• :-- -st_&*t-__- *rjl colo-lzatiin. Vai-
..-.' • -• [ _.&__• tor «ra_i=<. -sit fjr timber. a»-
-. . • l.t. CiU r_*s*ra:* cr itwn ¦£_-_. \V> tave
- -T7 ¦ - * r--r- frc«t c«-er occurs. We
jr_ve* ~iirj rsJsa_tt> paatlUC lar._s waere g-ra —
r»t_Ut «•-»¦ fat :c Arr.:, whta » e«I cc__5A_._j
< ¦-¦ _iss-*f : Aca.
*»."• har# t_*lr.e»s prtr-rty that -riH raj- «
_<t cc cc»t fcr flre cr ten years' ieaae.
\i« ha— « r— iiJ^sscr*. cp u» —ate. :a __« iasd cf
«.."' ff-****Tt i.-i^'c. -u_*t;s«. fru:t aci Cewers. i
v » b_.v» tr*r.y beautiful crchard hc-_es ia
:.--.jEtii c_.-ta Clara Valley, near the Gardes
i <j tt C«.;.:irr..a. Ceo- -*.ry ani alfalfa
:«:.• _•-*.
W* c*r. c'»r a Mexican e— a=t that wtU rar-
pcri Iv. '.<>"• _<ad of cattle Icr ecly $50.(jC_.
:::.•- hles w coe t cc.
. I'.ea. hUtate. Cattle ard Lcasa.
ts-Tii A--cr- » B;<ia:.. saa J_»e. Ca_
$. 0 — i^.d. ! IjOWT 1 "; IS* a^rea 2se far— yas;
a._-i fr-'t Ur._; Ssli-fi County, ti mi'.es from
: .i a: «:*ear:t imrr~>-e_ec_«. erst $3000; 3
1 c»=-:rte-i fr_it. 3 acres a:__asdj. bal-
; aact -''--at aai bcrley; Cre hcus«f.
J - *t .r.<rr. with tellar. b_2-V. j-iatxy. 4
- Srst rtory brirk aad ccmer.t; furai-
ca— >r_j irflaiet; £__¦ _»_--! and
<:n<: r tarje bar=» ar.i tttis,
'«-__-&__(. „.-__. etc.: water pired; S-sSBT?
b__ck___t_h _x_i w-x-ffl shop, «*u_3, with,
r: ar. i tge_c; postofSc* la bsli<!:sr; church
and .<;; .x*'i-o>-*e adjotnuax land: tais prot>-
•— -> at eai.nice; m_st be scld immediately, j
4_n n.-rr ctter -arsraln- ia fruit. _r_in and
. a. :-lf«. Ur.u «r>4 rtacit ranr-s ta tracts cf
ICi. xs UjOOO arr-s. Tct ir_;— — alien ad-
dress b r. SfjCWBT. real esta:* ajtr.;. '
I)^-;r. Cal.
¦C3CO3IA LOCJ4A-.
-^tXO — 72 acres ; test tartaia la the cc— sty; !
a:: Baal valley lar.d; 43 acres beart=« cr- I
ctard; <?c ccu_.ty road; no -raste Iar-d: 43 j
r^i'jti trzrn fan Francisco: 1 mile froni t3wa ;
aad staticr.: he__*. tiara, windr-il! aad tack: !
yrter pir»-l to crocrid aad t_i:_;_ar; fiae rrcv* j
itaie treea. '
IVm— 4« ?— es exc-nert lar.d cs Srr :--_ '
Crwrlc. r;e_r E3 Vermae; stat!"-; cr. the place: '.
:¦ _.:.—» atfalfa lard. 10 acres crchard and)
v- --;---*.. 4 acr-s cherry crchard, 30 acr"s I
hay. _ irrea C:»!y tl_tfc*red. with U— re caJcs; J
fccuse, bara. wl-lmill. tankho__«. ether cut- i
fcvl--:=ss: mile :r— :__p; en ccur.ty reads: C=e j
c---try :.-— e ar.d trccrse property. PETE£i3 t
f EAINES. 116 Mcntssascry et. ;
|TV*>— <rL2_VDID investment. - etrbrariax |
_wris-s» and residence properties, and to- j
r**h»r with I.S4 s_— ea choic^ — »r^t_.b> laad; '
" •iraatcd 24 rzS'.r% from thl* city: at Tt. R. j
. Coot. ar_l ta direct -tire cf 1=:=— rveaient be- :
.twara tr-e c:r:-s cf Oa-_a=4 aad Saa Jc«e: J
:r-:r~e frrtn pcrtlca $73 per ravoath. i
. V-.th rrea*. TPcrtsaity of iserease: mast fc« j
. *-~i t-. docs estate Ia*erest»; f_U descrlr- 1
• ?!r= a-d rh«-M> at r-U cflce. H. H. I
_ -Cr-ANr-, ZC* C-Ilfemla st. j
VZW>— 9 ACRES cf fan hearts*; crchard _rd |
2 arre. cf cheice TcJtry taMe _rapcs. tc_-^her j
•.w',:h the rrcr. a_J-3JrI=a; the tewn cf Gait: j
— — > worth ece-h*lf the rric* asked; cr '
— vstfl r— rt frr cash — a:t.
$¦'300— 20 acres cf er sod ccrs. beaa cr alfalfa i
jl-* r Saa Jocc-ia Cecaty; rfrer betters i
;ri: ts 'rrlrxr.ia r_K* —ary.
S10OO — 10 a-re« cf eiwice r~ _~x vise— _r_: 1 ¦
«?*r «¦:-: Fa— *—«-_?•• C— ssty; oce-kalf down;
E-bm to t__t ca the talarce. Address bcx 15, I
Salt.
i
mv:rzz> «_Ie — Chirk—i rar.ch, with r-ry 1
rr-tty —far-, 4 r^c-is: lets MxI23: <r_!y i
2 «h*:rt tl-^cks fret a fian Bruno cars; fi_* lo- |
, <-.;•—>.; ; cr a f-w _ar» »TI b- »cl- for c_Iy
»:00r>: wcrth J300C: -ocd bam, duck, pfff-ca
*-i cr-iHtea hrus~: ir.vwticate quick; ewaer
m4-t !eav* rity. SILSSION TtSALTY CO.. 2
TCR •_>— ISOO atr-_ ef Ca* T__4: »a w-der
i-«extl--: TOO a-r—i cf alfalfa lasd. f-_c_4
•ar. ertasfer-red- Ib<5_!i- cf MATT S. SUL-
LTTAN. ro-Ej CIO Parrctt fc_ildi=j. cr t»—
:_ •- r - r: - „ 3 -. -« ac_-_ of Newasas.
— — _
' — — — '
n?-. «-.!<¦ — O a-—- fcoftara Ua_ ia vtses .
f-jres a_d rsach«; ca Hasi___ River; price I
FW0O. . . :
U -1 «-rear->:d *'ji#Tard. $3300.
Ii> acres Al octtc_a lur.l ia pr ires s__l
srapes. S230O.
• J. r>. HICKS. Hea-dsbw-C
,. :
:f.EAT Mrgahi— r_c=. trrlsxtH fjtr_s»; fclc
can*:; fr»« mater r'^ht; v«ry cheap; easy \
¦•-rr- s: v-m*»e«I_?T'« crDrrtirsitr. C _L i
,— roosT__r: co^ «« .':-.-.•. «.
. , !
;o*.T:riN>ri^»'T hc:r L«tfai 1st aale chear; ICO
i— !•. Sai Ar_t3r.e Val.. Saeta Oara Cc,
i-j-k cf lit. Kai-nt—i. Fcr _arti<?u!ars apply
iXliI'__i_; »r~ Rich-acad «!J»trict. S. F. " .
.=." ACKTTS— I Bt-fc-J ca« »f !_*•—-_«-•; ic-iod
'.« :-. :'. ¦::¦-!:-- va!»r : o-rn<»- _r;lns East a-_
. -.^r 1 S3t r»f_*e reiser table onVr. LUS 1 !-
n^L'rv.vrj-: «y>.. 11 Mgstgcta>.-r »_.
'.L*"ALFa lards. rtc-St — .nefc^i
Lrffs: is«r«t*-< harT-.ir»: -fttthly c_t*-
!*¦ .*-.'« »*_t free. c. __. ttoosteh co^ «43 1 ,
M*r*-: "t. . !
3TT:jHT:?T -rjJ tr-t _> Ass»r__— TS* "/eekSy ]
r»t'. IC pn—a. y-st to cr.r s-U— s »t» u»; f
r_._i iiaica cr C-—--*— cne i-_r tcr $_. ,
j ALAMEBA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAllF.n* R^J^ ESTATE. "
BISTORT
UEPKATS ITSELF.
; ANOTHER Ki-COHS* CxtE-VKER LAST
WEEK.
WHTT
crrcAUSE m: have the largest axd
CHOICEST LIST
TO SELECT FROM.
i OUIt LARGH RENTING BUSINESS BRINGS
US IN CONTACT WITH DESIRABLE
PROPERTY.
PROPERTT RAPIDLY ADVANCING IN
VALUE; TWO NETW ELECTRIC ROADS
JLSSUREZ); BUT NOW.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
J ! W7J0 win bay a. modern up-to-date cottaje;
• i 7 roo-:»: corner lot. 73x130, on San Jos« ave.;
• J cha-.ee cf a Bfttmu: don't OTerlook it.
$"0CO — Gocd. 3- room cottaxe. near station
> I and schoci.
¦ f $IO:C — Cottage cf 5 rcoras-; ceatral; rood Io-
cltaoia -
.
|-9C0kf-lSs4e— 1 3-rcc3 cotta«; en Oak sv.
near San Aatoofa avs.
S2S30— An tp-to-iate medem 5-r?o-_ cct-
ta;e; ccrner lot; gxed buy.
. . 54CO3 — Two f..xia and cnttaye: oa Aia_neda>
-:av«.; tot KfrxlZli feet: this is a rocd Invest-
; nittnt; «ion't overlook; chauce like this won't
• • last Iocs.
*!
JC3CC— A beSBt-fB. 9-rocm modern house; sit-
! uat?>I la the m^at cicture3<iue Dart of Ala-
' ; BB-t-a; ccrr cr I;t. 3_xl3o feet; this Ia one of
; the best bu; • in AI_.m»di; built i_ a home
, act to seil.
• '. f23C0— Ne— . J-ist cc moisted, modern 5-room
> ' cottase; xsj§ end etectrtettr; very Has.
ysfiQ — ilctl^m 6-rcosa cottar-- very _--
j lOTBtej locacicr.: o*-c;r etUia* oa account el
I J33CO— B«autirui cottaee. fin_«he-I m hari
wood, ccatiiaicar 3 rooms; cni- of the sweetest
_r;_n-i ;h t tiiy.
f'fO— H'.tc U a barsaia; read tils very
' ! t$£k l A i->? o? E F J rpnSv E rM5pD E u^£_T
KAM1I0.VD _: HAM1I0ND
1422 Pit*, st., Ataxatda. '
i ! £?5?_S_2 ° ;f - C<i t> " dar frc=l S:30 a. ra.
CHAS ADAJIS 4 CO_,
Two Great Barraisj.
?l£ggg» of ' ™*»; fat 5C*l_3; |_lCO;.bi f
I 1 a^i feSji C^r ffis - u ' to <J-tt; lot 4Sx
i i5l> . with tarn; $3C0O: a saap.
(-ottaje. 7 roon:s and bath; tot CSxlM- ba—
driye-ray; fj-uit trees _=d Scwan; M73o'
dr^^ .v_5t° ?li*2oj£ a; lot 7ZX1Z * 1 b * ra -
Cct'wace. 5 rccras ar.d b_:h; Ict ISxlSQ- tlSOO
A iaap — Ccttaje, 4 rooms acd 3 finiih-d
rocnw in. basement; lot 23x123- $t?CO
'--stcry icus- of 3 rocms ana ba'*** w 'nd — 'n
a-d tarJc; let ICx'.CO; $3C0. — wla___n
Cottage. 3 rcoms; lot 30x140; a snap- $I"or>
3 ti-room cottages, seed locaticn; $_T0O each*
hcuse; lot 50x203; $2700- a snap
Cottaj-e ef S rccssr Ict iSslCS; I21C0.
Lots la all rarts of Aiameda.
; CHAS. ADAMS & CO..
B_.y Statica. Aiameda.
• Open Sur.ii-js. 9 a. m. to 4 p. m.
FOR sale — Eie-ant 2«- cottaje. Apply to
. , cittr, 2139 Ctntoa aye.
AT.AM-TDA TT7-_-~_Sl__3S H0I7S_S.
3-RO6ir cottage, furaished. to responaible par-
ty. 17Q1 Willow »t.. Alaraeda. ne*r station.
Sl?NNT well furnished cottajt; beautiful
rrc-eds. Apply 20«S AIans»da are.
i ¦
AXAJgXJA HOT/S-ggEPTgO SOOMS.
CLINTON av*.. _JVU— Four furnished ronms
fcr h»krr-: «a «tt>^e: bath: d*-irabte lo«:a.
ALAMEDA nOOMS.
TO let— A ruite of 2 cr 3 raocs. with sas ar.d
water; auitabie fcr a doctor or a marrie.I
cou--Ia; en Park 3t.. Aiameda. Inquire- of
HAififOND & HAMMOND, 1420 Park st.
THREE unfurnished housekeeping rec-ss. bath
aad. paatryr lirht ar.d su— ny. 1373 Park
ave., or J. S. HANLEY. 1310 Park st.
NFWLY furatshed tunny rcems with board
1541 Central _.'.-«.. llcrton station, carrow
FOR RENT— Nicely furnished rooms fa Ala-
meda; breakfast tf desired. 1Q13 paru st.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M^TS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
DON'T —™
BE
IN
A
HURRY.
READ THIS CAREFULLY
Here is a splendid horn* in Berkeley: S U:»
roccis. net counting; 3 basement rcoms an* 4 a
lar-- Soared atUc: 2 el«_-__t bath..; best ob-
ttinable pl-scbtB*; hot gr.d coM water: «
— artsls a=d grates Ia hruss; closets and drssg-
icr-room for eath bedroom; lar?e cedar clothes
prssa; cjnservatcry off dining-room; - fiaodad
with sunshine and beautifully environed with
. marnlSceat oTd trees and world, of choi ze
dowers and shrubbery. The ground* are 2C»5x
250. Over CO bearing fruit trees, inclarfinc
15 cherry trees, now ripening a bis; cmp. Fie
craaa;«. lemon. English walnut, peach plum'
etc. On a corner in a district famous' for Its
frsedara from foff» t wind _n i froet; where
Sowers bloom tn perfection and children grow
tu_ty and fttronx.
W e must sell this rra Lnd pfsce. On »a«y
terms, or for cash, or In exchange <?ae way r>r '
ansther. we are ccln«r tu sell it this month. :
The insrroversents ar.d half of the land may
be sold separately. We chaiienir- tavesti»attcn
This is a chance that will not come your way !
a_*a!a soon.
For nup« of Berkeley and for full and re- !
liaMt information abcut the above and other '¦
god investments in Qerkeley address
W. R. ELLIS & Ca
21-0 SHATTUCK A\"E
Phone North 32.
JUSTER & BAIRD.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME- AT A BARGAIN.
; l An 11-room house, fcuilt res;ardl»ss ot ex-
! pease, bat never occur!*.-!, tae ow-»r hs»vins
t been called a--a7: p^rfe^t in every detail;
cement basement: furaaee; bath for servants ;
lar«;e liviay room with «ir*n J5rep!a<--: heauti- '<
fully situated, eommandlnjr view pf the bay and '
hills: lot €0x133; price $73Ci>. w- also have '
a number of smaller houses for ja'* from I
$25CO up. many of which are bargains aad can !
be soured on easy term*. Call anrf let us
rent you a furnished house for the uummer I
JUSTER -t BAIRD. 2137 gha'.tuck ave!
I GO<3D tsmt-Oafitu near new Santa Fe
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End cf block: 271 ft. frontaja on track: 2!
blocks from Berkeley stat'on $23'*} i
Lot 23x100; 1 block fmm railroad !!.#2fo'
Lot 40x133; mac; wtthin l i Mod! $1SO]
j Half block adjolnia? It. R property. ..]$2t5«'O i
Boy where values axe l-c— asinT.
I Several hundred cth-«?r lots aaJ a number of ;
cheap h<T»»s-s.
CHAS. A. BAILKY. 1C3B University are..
Near San Pa Mo ave . West B»rk«ter.
i $4300—4 LOTS. 30x1 Tt. with 7-rccm house
; windmill, tank, barn: street work done- near
Key roots. ea*t of SlHtttaek: barrain. '
; j:.yv — House cf 12 rooms: 1 block fron UC >
$4_00 — House of VI room*; t b!<>-k from U C* !
$l_3C— Houre of 3 rooms and bath; rureishej I
Bairalna la lots »n «ver town. " ¦.
J. P. HALE. ;
1311 Shattuck ave., 2313 Enattuc* ave. !
North Berkeler. Dwtfht way.
Phone Mason 732. Phone Derby lf)_2
i A GOOD buy — $I73.">: r-odern cctt3-e ccntain-
i-«: 3 room* »nd bath wttn -col basement,
hxfck fcorwiaticn: lot 37 ft. * fc_ by IB; nici»
-ariers. cfclcken-yard; cs!y cn« oJoca'from
station. *' 1
1 H. D. IRWIN'. Lcrin Statfon. B«rk*!ry
OPEN SUNDAYS.
I
¦ $2750 — A NEW modern cottaee. Just finishing
containia- 6 *ood rocaj. kail, bath, pantry* ,
I-txndry and Misement; lot 50x133; b*twe*ri
Sitattack an.I Tel*— -aph aves. ; very desirabt*
H. D. IRWIN. Lcria Station. B-rksley
' OPEN SUNDAYS.
A BBAUTIFUL HOME.
$.1130— New. up-to-date tw>j-«tory «I<*_uaI
house on best street la Sooth Berkeley, Xn-
t.tlnln* tf »o<-.4 rconu. fine bait, pantry, etc.
and the whota finely finished" and tinted; yaa
throurheot. " {
H D. IRWIN. Loris Statmn. Berk«Iey |
OPEN SUNDAYS. j
$400 EACH . ; }
A few more fine lo*». SftxiCO: east ef T«le- t
graph ave. : close . to 2 car llres.
$e_0 each — Lota 44x133 7 «tr-et wcrk all dene; [
between Shattuc!- amt Teteyraph ave.. f
LITTLE & WOOT_3ET.
_Ili> Shattock ave., Berkeley. . i
M. P. W. ALBKE. RE.4L ESTATE— Large
list homes, re-tdeoce lots and business pron- }
erty:.a?«o choice fnvestment rroperty. pay- '
fntr B to l» per cent net: prices and {
satisfaction _-_aranteed. 2139 Ont— ¦ »t_ .
i BEBKELEY ADVERTS'M'NTS
BEKKEI.EV REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN. *|
$21W>— $2WJ cash. .*i!anc* $3> per ciootb. 13-
ciudin? Ictenst: 5 Iirse rjctas; tee
e _-.:»*. 5tattc:iary tuhs. hixh basement : |
2 biocks> to both trains: sunny side of j
r, street; street warit all dene; cement wal-s. j
J $23CO — Ne_riy new j 4-roo_a cottage; all fur- ;
nished; n*w ciino; lot 50x133; trait treea 1
a and beautiful flower rarden, chicken- !
house, pijeon- aou*e; % Wock to trala; I
owr.er East.
92ZCQ— FiZ9 coraer store with one 4-rocr_ fiat j
and oce 3-room fiat: Ict 64xlC0; 1 blaci: 1
a from station; i snaj.
j $3GCO — N-ew 9-rocja hcuse on comer tot. 50x100; !
1 double paxtor*: larse dlnia«-rcc— .: side-
board; Sue nuintel: porcelain bath; open |
plumbing-: toilet u:- and down-talrs; tarre I
¦xa#h— cca; floe aeirhborh'Xid; 3 blocks I
; to bcti trains; electric cars, stcrea. etc.;
$3<"0 cash. baiiUice- |_j ser most—
liSCO— Thia Dlac* is cheaa at $10.WX>; tae
corner. 2S4xlC}; ail business prcptrty.
including bak'.oven and baiehctise that
c-:st $7c0: at.: re and stock which wvil •
net SlOO oer .ncnth; t-.o-*tcry baildinst
coasistti^j of '?tores, etc.: U-fnj rooms;
must be soi4 vt onc»; cresent owner re- ¦
tfrins on aco '.int of old axe. fceinx: S- ;
* ytars cli aa; tn poir health; a fL_««|
ctaace fcr wc«d a_d ccal yard.
42_2C — Ne— 3-rocc: cottag-: large lot; street
* i work all done* 3 blocks to beta trains:
$5CU caab, baii$20 per month; place will
, : rent for this./
i J22CO — Good as cef •; 5-roTSt cottare; doable
I { paricrs; fine t_?ntei: bath: h!»h basement;
bride f<r_ndatt>n: 3 blocks tt> train; 101J 1
Fifty-sev*nth it.. GoU-3 Gate station.
I21CA— 7-rooct cottage; ca SO-foot »t.; $_ blo«:k j
to cars: fruit' trees, all beaxlaz; good .
'I I well; let _«btl-*<>; a — iao: street wcrk ali j
, i ' dene, lacludici- et— .ent walks.
- I W. C. -IOR.AN. Soutn Ber_eley.
1 JUST COMPIXTETTl — Very pretty bcuse of T j
rooms <i bsdrco'Tis); all nocdern i— tpraTe-
ir.ent.*; furaac-, t'c; I5CC0.
'. Near Key Route cars; ca th» s_a_y Jiie of |
* street; fiae _-«tcr> houae ef S roc__s; larg* ,
corner Ict; I42C0.
* Now buildi-a-; a cosy Swiss chalet la the
Berry-Baag-a Tract; fiae corner lot; $&3GO.
Very substantially built nous* of S roo— _•;
* lot C__I3»:«; near Dwlg;_t way; $-5CQ.
* j A larye t<;t in Claremoat; 230 f««t deep;
» cniy tlSOO.
Ju«t the place fo*- a chlcksn ranch; fine le-el
-, lot, 21CxlCfl; cniy «T3O.
JOS. J. M.VSON. Real Estate.
CENTER AND SHATTUCK A.VE..
BERKELEY.
CHENEY _e BE3UIT.
$-T?00 — 7-rcc— house, 43x130; attractivt 1
scenery: restj now far $33; near Callere are. ;
: and north cf Dwlstht way.
$15»J0 — 5 rrxsms aad tutth; conveaieat ta Key '
route: larre lot.
SIZ'o — 50-fcot lot In Hapki-is Terrace; faces :
g b_v; street -srori dose: fcarsaia.
! $2125 — 5CxI30; ca Ha_t« it, near College <
x i ave. ; a i aa?.
; $5CCC — New 5-rccn 1 hsuse: Cetlste ave.. near
¦• ' Dwisht way- will t<» flaiahed to suit purchaser. >
CHENEY * BERRY,
*• P. O. Block. Berkeley.
* =^~. I
' 3-ROCM COTTAGE.
j j ICaatcl: fc:ii_x-docrs: tath: n-d*rn ptasb- i
i lag-, feactd and croas-feaied; chlckea-hou»e (
r. * ami yard, flowers, etc; lot 4?xl_3: improved :
i «treet; desirable location: price $23O>; terms [
>. ! ?40«i casi. balance $20 per mocth.
i O. A. RUDOLPH.
B I O^en Sur^iivj. Lcria.
A SNAP.
; 5-rocr: ahiaa-led cottaie; all modem: zu j
connected : ccrnbiaation fixtures: shades: ready i
fer occuraccy June 1: ~n.ct $2_C0: terms $13<X> !
dowrn. balance $1.S cer month.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
3 Open Sundays. Loria.
- ; A LOT. 40x123. with a three-roota house, on I
a eo'il cra'-eled street; sewered: Cne welt i
_ ! and tank: choice locality: crice $11CO; small
_ I payment down, taiaace to suit purchaser.
J I O. A. RUDOLPH.
1 { Opea Sur.d_y». Lcrta.
: : BERKELEY real estate on the move. Now »
:. is the time ta buy. Get ia ea the j— >u=d ;
- ! fioor. Make your money wjrk fcr 70U. You 1
1 ! caa tuy Iou for $43<>_ street w.Trk all done, j
. > ami they ranje tn price from thit to $4<XiX ¦
* I acceriic? ta locatica. but you can — .ake I
money by bsyiaj sscd lota wiich we I
* I reco— imead.
I 1 M_ia entraace ta V. C
1 ; W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
t i BERKELEY. CAL.
. r $2000— A ERT pretty cotiag* cf * roc— 3; lot
1 j 30x135; oa the sunny siie cf street and near '
t I ihe station.
$*5_"GC — Do yon want a £rs t-clasj Invest— .sat j
E-jria* i) per cerrt?
I have for sal? a warehm rse built et st« :e |
r j and brtck; fitted with compartments and eie- i
\ vator; in an lmpror-t-_: n-ia-hborhocd; leased i
- f for 5 years: a. roo«l in-vestment.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
SE. cor. Shattuck; ave. and Center ft.
1C»?O— $34CO BUTS a r.ew 6-room houss; this I
I offer crjcd for few days only.
' We" are authorized to offer fcr a few days, :
east frontajre en Pledmcat ave. at $60 per '
tract foct.
VERY FINE.
1C2S — |33Ct>; 7-roo— 1 bouse: Jot 4£xl25;
southern exposure; cioae to train and elec-
tric cars.
B. S. QUACXENBUSH.
2171 SaattuckJ ave.
. f $1400— PRETTY Uttle 3-rcom cottage: hard j
j fintshed; flae well; r_rden: lot 3Cxl3Or [
. j street complete: clcae to cars: rery ea_y .
j ; terms.
$3<jCi:> — Elesrant b_sir.»as property: 2 stcrea aird !
" I ii-roc— i Cat. bam ar.d stable; ajjaceat ta f
Key Route aad S. P. station; now leased;
rest JtilS per annum.
; j C. C. EMSLIE. Ashhy station, phone Stuart 7C? i
c I $^"C«} — ITMIlltnil orivate home, sjrrrctinded by 1
f : Uwns. paloi3 ar.d flowers; ?> rocma and larp? -
, j subdivided, fioered basM-mer.t; zooi bara aad 1
carriage house; BOvfoot lot.
« : JAMES O. JONES. 2<i MONTGOMERY ST. ;
t\ SAN FRANCISCO. S
I 2-«tcry medera house: 10 roc— 13 i
r : and hath; electric service; lot 50x123; near |
f f Dwlght statica.
. ; ?2tC0 — New cottase: 5 recms and bath; lot J
r 1 4^x123; near Ashby station. See our list of ;
Bargains ia Berkeley,
r j ROTHEOtMEL & CO.. 307 CalifcrcU st.
I $22ttM — 3-ROOM house; lot 30il»!J: 1 block f— — ¦
J j cars; street work complete; $SCO cash, bal-
anrv Cat lean.
$12C0— ¦ 3 acres: rear cars; z;cod road. " ¦¦•¦ '
MORAS" Ic SWAIN,
$13C0 — FINE lot la the Hille___a Tract; -Ox •
ie«>: worth SV»yn. /
FRANCIS FERRIER. Real Estst- and In- i
surance. 21C1 Shauucfc ave.. cpp. BER- ;
KELEV station.
~^ " - ' .: .»¦". " I
I }_730 — *-BOOM hou-'<»: lot 40x133: street work i
I ¦ compl*te: $*<j<> cash, balarce $23 per month, f ,
lacluJins Irtere at at S v* fr cent.
MOHAN & SWAIN.
2131 ShattucJt a-"., opp. Berkeley rtaticn.
I 1 ¦
I SOUTH BERKELEY p—perty— Hoase of 7 ¦
room* and bath: price $-340: :« now rented
fer $23 ' per m r.nth. Address MRS. R. C. i ,
I WHITE, box 172. Berkeley.
! ' BETORE yo-J buy a home "or Invest — on»y. ,
:] o?m* see our bargains; values that will In- I :
rrease-
| MURDCCK 4; CO.. Lori*. So. Berkeley. ; 1
! FOR wla — N-rw ard nearly a»w houses frcm '
' ; J!i» U $'H>.Cr.O; IcU frcm *230 to $7CC0; w« •
can *?li yea a de»trabl« h»t 3 blacks from 1
tiwight-way -taticn. alxc 4<3xl3O, for $7W: I .
will build you a house to suit ca a pay— eat
ll J3C0 -own. balance monthly: h'fore buy- : ,
tnm. aive us a caa and let cs show ysja our .' ,
extensive list. F. IL LAWTON A CO.. 2147. j I
CT.t^r »t. j
BEHKEIEV HO15ES TO LET.
I 7-ROOM Swiss chalst en University Terrice; j '
furnished f«r tw!* issaths from Juse I. or j
I ¦ unf-mishe-i fcr 15 c;o_ths; redwood finish* 1 {
throughout: IMss room 30 feet loa? with 22 t
feet of windows oa south and west; ga* anil 1
electrtciiy; excellent view. Call either at 24.TI f
Warrinsr -t.. the o~aer. er at 2111 Shattuck I
ave.. D. L. JUNGCK. asent. j
FOUR- ROOM mod— — cottag-e'tn Berkeley. Ia- .
: g_lr»» IC63 -liggicn st.. S. F. . jj
B~g~-e_-_rT COTTAG-3 WAJ-fEP.
WANTED — Caxy cottar » of S rooms In Berk»- f '
ley; stata l.jcatloa axtd price. Bcx 354. Can, i
B-SK-CEl-ET r u asi _ai_-_X> B00_g3.
TO I«t— A nlcaly farslshed room, ittiuble far j
man an4 wife or two centlemen; 10 raiaulev f
walk from university. Apply I3S2; Unlver- t
sity av-.. Bericeley.
f UNIVERSITY ave. l&0«. 1 bJock from echat- ! <
j tuck ave.. B*r«tf ley— New furnished rjw— - *
! FRUITTALE AdTertisements. I
I FBCITVALE REAL ESTATE- ' j
I H. W DAVIS. RKAL ESTATE. . •
I - WlU offer the following 1 lota at tt« «x«p- }
tlBnally Urw fir-re _ for 10 days only: t
i $210 a kt, 4 Icta In D«er!a«; Tract. 03 tup ef ]
j the hUl: the — ioet beautiful vtew in Fruitvale; •
1 s**er. ras and «Iectric t!shts> ' ]
[ - f2!» a tot — (Tto— » to Fraitvajs ave. ; sewer. .
5 -»« electric lirht- ¦ ¦ • - - . ¦ - I
j ALA3IKDA ADVERTISEMENTS
i _*•
j A-.AMEOA HTlATi ESTa-TX.
| i : j
DO YOC SAVE linvnT
DO YOU SAVE MO.VKY
IX) YQC SAVE JIOME\*
r.Y FATING R—NT?
UY PAYING RF.NTT
DV PAYING RENT?
WE GUAR.VNTEE YOU A SAVING BT
PURCIIA5ING A HOUSE AND LOT.
¦V.TJAT HAVE WE FOR SALE?
_________ i •
EVEriT KIND OF PROPERTT FROM $ICO I
LOTS TO A MANSION. WE OFFER THE j
; BSST TERMS. WE BUILD THE BEST '
i HOir_t« OUR INFORMATION IS THi_ HEST.
> OUR TFIANSACTTONS THT! MOST RELI- j
; AHLZ:. AND WE AT5 ALWAYS PLEASED j
TO OFF_n YOUR EVERY OPPORTUNITY '
; FCR LNVESTIGA— eCG BEFORE i'URCH-V-- i
LOCK OVER OUR LIST.
INSPECT OUR HOMES
.GET OUR PRICES.
I BEAUTIFUL AND MODERN HOMES. PER- !
¦ FKCT IN ARRANGEMENTS CH.IR-ISGLT }
SITUATED. LO»,-ATIONS IDEAL. PVRCHASR
TO-DAY. PP-tXTRASTINATTON IS THE :
; THIEF OF TIME.
AUMEDA REAL ESTATE IS SOUND, !
: SOLID AND DAILY ADVANCING.
A FEW BARGAINS. GET ONE .*NT> LTVH '
'¦ IN" COMFORT AMIDST NATURES HAND- '
¦ SOME GIFTS. U-I— H E-VEKT POSSIBLE \T- :
; TR.KCTION WITHIN IIEIt REACH WASHED
ON* HE!* BEAUTIFUL SANDY BEACH BY i
• THE V.'ATERS OF THE DAY.
; *1!OO b~ys a 3-rocm hcuse: coed Ict.
S-C^O tuys a fine Cae «-room hcuse; a snap.
J-.'OO buys and ele?aat cctta^e; let 30x119
; t"JX*> buys a bsautiful ccttape; ict iOrzlCQ.
' t?JQQ buys an e!eir»nt 7-rocin house.
, J4-C0 buys a beautiful. r_0'iem 8-roctr l house.
$l_C0 buys aa eie^int S-roon to__e; Sna loca-
tica.
' $5300 buys a modern home, S rccms aad bath; \
coraer tat.
j SPECIAL: SPECIAL! SPECIAL!
POSITIVELY MUST BZ SOLD.
FIRST COMER GETS ONE OF THE BIG- j
! GEST BARGAINS EVER OFF-RED TO THE 1
! PUBLIC.
COST $22. CCO.
WILL BE SACRIFICED FOR
$10 000.
j COME AND SEE THIS PROPERTY. THS (
! FINEST CORNER LOT IN ALAMEDA: LOT [
f T5xlS7; HOUSE OF 12 ROO1IS AND BATHS. 1
'¦ FURNACE AND ALL MODERN IMPROVE-
; MENTS.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
15O> PARK ST.'
TEI_ ALAilEDA 43**- ALAMEDA.
I — ¦ — — — .
j $1TCO — LARGE 5-roo— . cottace. ene biock from
station and electric road; hi_-h basement.;
street work daae; let 55x100: owner leaving/.
$1TO«>— Another snap like afc«— e; lot 3Sxll3;
i 3-rco— . ccttage. fcaaement finiihed. outhouses.
j aice garden; hou«e ia el'^aat ctaadition; house
: new coat 5223<J.
$23C0 — 6-room two-story house, wtth lot 50x
j 130; an Broadway; loeaxien tie Nest; houM
i lately builti laws aad garden: sold new Iqt
. VTT30.
$2>!C0 — Mrfern 5-r5cra cottar«, wtth windmill.
! tar._ aad taakho__e; let 40xl2>); corner; newly !
{ paiated aad in _r.e cotuiltloa; street work aai
I ce— lent sidewalks done.
S2-C0 — E_«gant buy, cost new to build $340C:
| lot 37:6x123. with 7-rocin up-to-date cottage.
! lawn and rarde-.; best buy la town: rents
i «t»aiy fcr J23; all street wcrk daae; iacatioa
! cvr:-ne.
$.TTCC> — Dca't delay; here is a real rood op- !
; pcrt-r-ity for any cae wantl-jf a nice, ml-ocat (
; aew e-room heuse. with attic acd tase— .ent: f
' aice lawn and «^.rdea; cort^ side Saa Antonio ¦
j are., near Chestnut-st. station; riyht la the
i heart et town; cart'eash.
$-S500 — Flaest buy in Alameda: larre hcuse,
j coraer let. 73x207; ia ceater of tows; laxie [
i STwriZ!; north tide strest.
We also have a nur__er ef chirmlaj -ulld-
f 1=? lots, tcth fcr speculation aad for ho— u»-
! seekers. Property values are^-dvi mciag rapidly
: ia this city and to purchasers — e if* that you
; Crst ret cur prices, as we h_ve a number of
', Inside C_rurea on different properties.
• HALLY 4c CO..
Phone Aiameda 1C5.
2313 Santa Clara ave., near Park st.
OfSce or^a to-day.
I '
j HERS IS A CHANCE FOR BTVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGITS
: ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR STATION; BAR-
| GAINS; I-ARGE LIST OF REALTY.
BUSIN-ES LOT ON PARK ST.. «>xlOO; A
SACRIFICE.
TWO BARGAINS.
B-rcc-. cottage; lot 30x125; $13C0.
5-rcc-t cctUre; lot 23x130; $1300.
FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS.
$50 DOWN. BALANCE TO SUIT
32 LOTS.
C3: 1x123 TO 33x175.
! -^A RT t^ SOCALLED FP-OMM TRACT.
j TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH.ST. STATION
» THIRTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
1 bI"°? EXCHANGE~FOR SAN FRANCISCO
f REAL ESTAT— . — A MODERN 7-ROOM
t HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY.
APPLT TO A. R. DENKE
1400 WEBSTER ST. ALAilEDA.
Ca3 en the
ISLAND REAL ESTATE CO
1304 Railroad Hve.. Bay station.
ALAMEDA HOMES.
SUPERIOR IN LOCATION, ADVANTAGES
AND SURROUNDINGS. A^ iAt * E;5
ELEGANT FURNISHED HOMES FOR R_^.'T.
Near Morten station jijg
ArtistieallT decorated home...' ""$50
Cottaces. beautiful lawns and pardecs. . *. "tZO
Permanent tenaat. near Hlgrh Schcol I*$fO
iCaarmis?; 3 and 4 rnoni flats ttS ta S2S
UNFURNISHED.
6 roeras. newly decorated ..$32 50
7 — «i= *. near Mcrtca station, beautiral
>— cusds $55 w ! ;
• roctr.*. Central ave.. near Hjj?a School. $.13 <j»
I rocms, near Grand-street station $2_ 50
BEAUTTFTJL PROPERTIES. CfcVLT SUCH
AS CAN BE FOUND IN THE "ISLAND i
CITY." BOTH IMPROVED AND UNIM- 1
PROVED. FOR SALS. ;
ELMER E. JOHNSON. 1M1 PARK ST. 1
E. D. JUDD -CO.,
Le*din*; Real Estate Agents,
! 1424 Park St., Atameda. { '
FOR SALE.
S13C0 — Ccttare, Bueaa, Vista ave., S roofaa.
$1S5O— Alamed* ave., 3 room ».
$21 CO — Alan-.eda ave.. 5 rocma.
S221.-0 — Taylor ave.. 5 rooms.
S2.V.0 — Large two-stcry house, 7 rcoc*; beau- |
tiful -rounds.
K25t) — Beautiful East Lake house, water ¦ '
frcnt. S rcomsr
$6TC0 — Cottage, ir> rocms: Verdi »t. 4
$7CC — Cnttase. 4 roc_*; Court st.
*1300 — Ccttaje. 5 rocra.; lot 83xlCO; great '
fcarraln. j '¦
fTOQt) — HacdscB-e 0-room house; Central are.; !
must be sold. _¦]
Fire Xae of fursished aad nnfamfshed -
houses la all parti cf city.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. INC
l«0 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
BEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA RESIDENCE
Beautiful home; S larre rooms and bath-" all '
modern conveniences; ca_ hall and stairway !
art r— s* windows; hot air furrjee; full base- i ¦
men.-, cement floor; plate slass windows- lot '
KxllS; choicest rey.d»cce locatic— ia Alameda- :
owlas to owner's remoral. wlU seii at »aeri_ce-
offtf «ant«d. ' j
HOLCOMB. BHEED tc BANCROFT. INC
1O3J BROADWAY. OAKLAND. ' \ \
—READ THIS—
COTTAGE; 6 raoai_: nearly new; choice Icca- 1
tlon; new porcelain slak and bathtub: new *'
Cush clooet; newly p* pereii and painted la-
side and out; •verytaina; In first-cUia ©cadi- -
tion; If scld at once. $1400 on easy terms; -
coat owner $2t€0; only eotd oa account owner
s^)ir.c east- J. B. HANLEY. I31t> Park sc
$1700— A SNAP; 2-story boildL-g-. ttorerocia
aad •> rooms: lot 22xlS0.
$13.0u0— Make effer; eost $1S^OCO; . 2-«tary •
«-t6ra *a<l residexice a_id 4 cottages; lot 150
feet, comer Oak and Alaaaeda. "
Get fiur Atasaetli I-it. *
ROTHEBMEL Jt CO^ S07 California st.
NEW co!cr..a! cottare. 5 roenw; porcelain bath ?
tiled »ink. laundry, basement aad all ciodeni
conveniences; lot _3xl5<); west side Sherman
ti. between Saata CUra aad Rallroajl ivn
J. *S. HANLET. lJlO Park tt. ' 3
SSTJO— Let 30x133; terms; J23SO: yrmd hots-
rf 7 roonM; tot 50x130. J. H. TOUNG. 12«
r*rk et., A_x_«da.
! -"^ tUi._;«-'"i"i;_» i_»^ (4t iruit _=_i pcttltry :_rci=.
rtiick :a=cr.es, _rt.tra -r-» _r__n_- L_3U.i-;
_-< <.— r «¦»—»!¦' _¦¦ ¦
i 5I«vo — Chicken :_r.^h, 3 seres, wt__ bo;_r-
• _=<l Latc; Katr Pi__l-__a.
I J!^-->— i_ia^X 1C0 icres in lie tills. «> nil::;
t._i t'-iili. wiMx iit.use. __ia ad rrc_^.rct;
i-'!"r.ty ..; \.-ccd aal evrir^ v.-__.r; ia.i-__--_
' _H iiucii a^d i.tipientsnt-.
; $_t_jo— a ir_t, Lcr___: lu^acre frait and poul-
try .ar— ;; cctr 5-roan aoi^ae, tara »ca < r-
viuvn-.- _ic:T__£3 c_-rte. •«:__•.;_. cc-» and pcu:-
try ; _.c_.r s_.nti !_.___
j ; r_>jo— ra-Mre iarsa t>_r ilirUac.; red 4-
rocss cruse. t_rn-a__ pestcqr s_«<_s; crchari
. *-— v^"*>-r-: cSicap pla.ee.
?- ;A ' w — CIc-cd i_.veat_=«r.t: _U3 acres stick fartr,
J3 tOa n-ar t'_ _ici«;__t, «;;» t^ua* a_i
L_m. _r».hird. etc.
5 ; ~f* A> — — •_ -cr>_- <.-a G_a.»i_:e_p« Crselc near
Lcs Catji 1 . _-:th liause ac«i barn. or;-*r_
; riaejxrd end cr.j.
; ?C<.'j — k'sLv-.zs fi-uit ari p^j«!try fans; 2>
acrss, -»iii --rsuci i-vu.e a_tl taru; _<_r
, _>H*^_* Crctk - i .
. J<»v'O — I_rach ISO a-res. i_!_.r Boulder Crse*;
. | 7-rcct_ fcc_M. baxa in- oatbuildiiiis. nua-
; —iax '-'Bier: crovea of retiwood arul oak: &>
. . a=r_a In cultivation: t_— iiiy cr;i_-r_; chanti-
1=— i'tacc for -smcitr bcarCers.
$iUiA>— _leC_cf»l: a Cne resort and fare cf 520
acrts; in the retiwix-s: en m-ia rc*(l flcca
• ' Ukiah ti btg Ri7<?r^. aew hotel. _^ racnos and
c.:tuiMi_Ks: crchard a__ «;ard»_: K3-:<1 h_at-
| in- ar.tl Hiiia--; i.avs tii,- Inwrest on la-
yest__e=_.
¦, : *lZ.'X4j>—>:-l*-£'.& »f~<:k r_r.rh cf 2-:W acres;
irrcroveii; near r_"k»ah; s. ia.rs3.tn.
r J. .'•) i.-. acre only — i>j«J acre* en Russia-.
EUvcr az«l at ra:ir-;a_; hUl and valley landr
in Ucc-AC-M Ccunty; set particul-rs.
• fl'.'iOO — 3?a_:ir»: fax_i a_J s«atle— _ia"s hosis
! j at LV-ak-rr Orcek: 1<V» acr**. with Caa racd-
«n h-j_se af » rooms, tath aad electric
>• l_rhts; rrchard and car-.Ier.: bara asd poul-
) : try *hed«: lawn- Scirers. oak a=d redwr^d
! ; ercves and rtsrrr'ra; — _t»r: 'a— ' tin as: red-
»md tfnbc»r land* in lets t3 suit.
ROTIIZI'.MEL X: CO.. Caii:orr.ia at.
; $_^.<«x) — one cf Ca~c— :_'s Crest far— is: 2G7
acres, i!l b>«aut!r_I vatliy land, clcse to Urge
, j town ia A_xr_c_a Cc_nty: the —nil' always
pt_S— etttsj nja^riacent crops r.t KTala. ai»o
the ecojee-t tar fT'^wn ia the State, which
. ; ia »h:pp«tl Ejiit _= la— r- quantities from th_t
!>;ist: irrjrroi^aseEts all first class: a fine
residence of S rtvtr is and batX lar> rs barr..*,
etc.: water in r~ar abuadatrce frcm aa 1S-
i " f ;ot w#l!. and p*rp*tuai ftreac t thrcuri the
-— • T*nr; _— et tram tii r<>rscr._i pcapcity.
iri-i-dlas; 14 head cf »— tea.iul mares ar.d
co;*s utnaft *ticfc): also 22 h»».l cf hla;h-_T__j
Hoistsin c*tt>, tcretSer with farming — «I
rfciner- . vefcic?«"s. etc.: all as arxxl as r.etv ;
this fa— = produeei $-"s<0o u»t «<-a.-»a C-tXt*>
— i«-t on &• at this effice: cw aer ts eld aal
de«i— _ to retire _ad «i to Europe, the prop-
erty teiag- too vals_iD!e to l«as« dtjrins; hi*
ah— 'cce; BCtJ-U particulars of this — a»cifi-
<"•"? *"»d — i--ney-rrak!r._' farm. H. H
CRANE. r..~» Calif =—Ua rt.
rNCOlir-PAYING rr-c*r*T7 Pr-Cta-t- fruit
¦ «r»<5 pea!tr>- farm n>— ir F»ta!uma Scccma
C— f •ety; 40 reile^ frrm Pan Fra-<-!so?.
EI«vf_-roora fumiihc-d hrruse; bi- burn.- fruit
: and r^uttry bocst* faak* nrvl w__ten_»,
i a_-s«_zrt water. ab^_t r?rc<> >i»5rtr«; t— »s: last
r»*r'» <-r«- arF"xlr-ately 2'\C0O tt*. cherries.
i 40iO bcxes apples, <*0»yi Ib». pe*— . 4OT* th«.
p«a-rh»s: CfCO Ife*. riurr:*: 2 acres a*r«rarus.
, veyetar.!* and So— »r c_r*ec*. sfcratberte*.
ard *_j!de r ctm: l-s<rahat(— s. brooder-.
• -r- «•¦--«. fco— < »es. J»n -»y (?— , c-rchard outfit
<-o— r!*t#; piac- ?a full cp-rarion.
P. DAVHSS. 4-"_ Parmtt bid?.. £a- Fran-fs-c.
SEND for rataicsrae "Call.'or-Ja's Choicest
Acre*." trtLLXA-l P. WRIGHT. McuBtaia
View 5arta Clara Ccucty Cal.
?.r:TK-r.N Crp—r r. f— Ipated lands. dairy
farr-a. *t-<:!i raacte*. alfalfa tar.il, timber
lard. rr.ir.e». S. C. TRAYNER. :-~>4>K.»ar-.y.
»!V'i — ="0 AiTRES *tock ranch. 75 cites cf
city; hr_«». bara Me.; fenceii.
DONNELLY CO.. C3 Market st.
St'TOn —^»j acre». near T^akeport: healthy home
r!ar*. S*« o— T!»r. 2C2 Nee at.
SJJT aATEO SEAL ECTATE.^
SAN MATEO SAN SIATEO
TKT: FIN"~5T BU-RTRBA-C RESIDENCE DIS-
TRICT NEAR SAN FRANCL-CO.
We hare a chclce list cf ex:e:ie_t ttalderce
. prcrerlie*. villa ittO a_l acreage. Dcs't fail
; w »«e us fc*f~re buyirr. lavestl^ate Saa
_I_*.eo Fark. The ideal prcperty of them all,
L.;t» cf atcut cne a;re each. Eaiy ter— : a.
Eocad to te BMat valuable. See cur local
a^rcrt. Fra_ic S. Oruma—a. Saa ilateo ciics ,
oj.ea Suniays.
EULOWZai 4: KOWELL, 23 Pest st.
«
SAX 1TATEO. BURLINaAHE. ¦
C«»t •ata-Tt-ta :-.: — •» c«ar Sas Fraaci-co: r. ¦> |
- fem--; electric railroad sow recair:*; lets aad j
; rwidence* fsr eale; we cin sell Rood tots as j
; 1(— r as ?O> each: we will h* r"-id to show \
' ttc— :: we also have seme acreage land near j
' by aa lew a» $10O t- J2vO per acre.
McAFEE BP.OTHERS.
ICS iIcr.t»-;-iery *t.. Sa.a Francis-o.
ResUiert Ajent. f G. G'X>DHUE. Western i
CdaB Telesr-ph baiT-li-f. Saa Mateo.
: FOR sa*e — B»an:lf-_I he— :e in San Matec: house j
* roc—is aad bath: Larse iprc_nis: lot lOCxlSO; i
stable ar.d outhcuses: en car line; ia ceater
at Saa Mate*. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mis- j
•:?— > st.
ha-wards real estate.
: special! "
a positive snap. only tkoss me-vn- j
ing business need applt.
CO SO-lOO acres of fiie Iaa<I; all oct to fruit;
: 40 acre* ef pruaea, 15 acres of apricots. 2 j
, Bcxca ia chert-. es, full bearirj: taiprc vemects !
; Al; coet $*C0; fully eiurpped with prune .
¦ dfpv«»r. __.s eajlae. bexes. tra>-?, 4 horses, i
; ccw. *-ijcs«. b_s_r. farmir.5 utens^s; orjy I
, 4 miles trots Ecrrj-essa. Santa Clara Co—sty:
.; ererythlr^ trees at the very low price of $273 ]
ter acre: first ct— «. first served. Apply ta P.
: WILEETIT. H-;wards. Ca!.
ELMHIR5T REAL ESTATE.
SICO CASH PATMENTS.
S-— :— a ccttaces. fcath, pa-.try aad tcilet.
4-roc— i cettare*. bath p«ntry aad ;c..»u
ALL. SIZES HOMES.
Ei— a- a prtce.
; si;al_ cash patments.
balance east terms,
klukurst realty co..
EI__raURST, CaL.
! A SACP—FICS.
C-wcer ecE-relled to sell a 4-rocm cottar?;
i just C_uhe_: tath. p*~try asd tcii-t; hat and
( c_ld water: U:t 40x132; hcose Just c— sipiete.1; !
{ i=ake an offer. S. DELLELNBAUGH. : Elm-
tan*. CaL
i $425O— TWO acres, improved: barn, chick— i-
houses; 1<X5 fruit tree*; hcuse cf 9 rcorai ; !
will excharxe fcr improved city property. Ad- j
dress o«r.sr. bcx 172. Berkeley Pcstoffice.
i -______--___----_-_--________________ j
i _rrV"E£T 92 50 nc-thly ta fine suhurfcea lots
oa the Itae ef the Haywards local trala; I
ccly 57- each. OSCAR IiEYMAN. 14 Pest st.
j ~ l^— -— — — — ~~— -——-—*— —^^— »>
! POIAT BICUStO.VO REAL ESTATE.
' LAST cbaxce — W n-cnthly; Iota any tract: 2rs t
I crice. first ea— -e: near sites b— _«-at for fae-
tcrteg. -tc A. VT. BEX--. 211 Mon-ry^ S. T.
j 4 CHOICE l^ts cheap fcr cash. Apply 325}
B_*a t_. tiird Cocr. room 4.
MEALO PARK REAL ESTATE. "
I AT _Ie— -> Park — Fcr «aie ca easy teresa. a
Vm-roc— . hocse with all rsedern tmpr— --e.
meats; two blocks from Nation. Address
th* cw cer at P. O. tcx D. Jler.lj Park. jCaL.
BXA-- ESTATE — SXTBXTE.BAS.
5- P. COM ccttiare at Larkspur; aimoat new; |
jTiwlern- S_i« for «u_— ter res'deace: *i-n:Il» !
fr— n -tatto-: $ll«h $ICO ea*h. balan— » $12 t
per — cath. W. N. RUaSIXL, 231 Calif oraia. I
ft., gaa Fraarts— ', Cal.
DEAL ESTATE WATTED.
WAJfTED — Few acres near Oakland: also
small house with i_nprc nre— lent* ta town;
*ecd f-U paxtlc-Jar-, exact Ioca*«cn and low-
e_t Mrasj; otherwise BnnxHjiced. Box 333. CaiL j
WANTED- Hcase aad let cr 2 cr sscre tet_;
curae- "prefer red. Brx 8S3. Call.
KEAL ESTATE To K1CHAACE.
CCUNTRY hotel f»- aale or exel__a_-e fsr city [
41 ccurtry property. List af Oaiiafl I, Eerk<»-
Uy iM Aiameda property to< *_!• ir cr.-
chaag?. 1'ITEL Jc CARROLL. 212 Kea.Tr/.
SIAL ESTATE VAKTE3— CITY.
WANTED — Oas cr t-so lota. In-.prcred or w-
cant; ao agrats. Address box 2C2. Call.
FROPKKTV VVA.\T-Ii.
WANTED— Rlchaotsd cctt_se: _c__t net t*
cvtr $500a IIjx rx. Call office.
VVAXT2D — Mission cetta*-; raust b« ia first- '
cW-a cuC-UUcn. BuX I1-. Call.
___ TO~LE A
— — — — —^— ___• _______ -»«_——«« _______________ i
A— DESIRAIILE ttaaat -anted for b*— <M- i
rsc-a JsdRtna;-hot_t«; clo-c ia:iracd pro?r«t- j
t!o_: i»ve«tjeate. aPECK _. CO., 2S» liont- j(THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, MAY 22, 1904.
44
AGENTS WANTED.
DO you want work? Ladles or gentlemen; no
* Canvassing or soliciting; no time from regu-
lar occupation; no one need know you are
. my. representative; no money, outflt a or ex-
perience needed; easy, permanent, honorable,
profitable work can be done home; for In-
formation, address J. W. KIDD, 5025 Baltes
Block, Fort Wayne, Ind.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great "Western" Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
SOMETHING new— Every man that shaves
himself wants It; sold under positive guar-
antee; sample 10c. LarraDee Mall Ordsr
House, 711 Larrabee St., Chicagt^
WE want a number of live, hustling men at
once to canvass in the city; liberal terms.
Apply to. White Sewing Machine Co., 30O
Post st. and 1841 Fillmore at
MEXICAN devil Jumping beans; wonderful
curiosity; $1 per 100; send for catalog; Mex-
ican curios. Ross Curio Co., Laredo, Tex.
(on the Mexican border.)
WANTED — First-class specialty salesmen to
handle staple line; commission of one man
last week. 5287. Barton-Parker Mfg. Co.,
Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
NATURAL diamonds puzzle experts; stand
every tfst; our pocket outfit starts you; write
for special offer. Chapman-Tower Co.,
. Syracuse. New York. _ ,
REPRESENTATIVES wanted every town &
county. to appoint agents; good pay; sample
mailed for 2c stamp. Western Mfr. Agency,
016. Market st
INDUSTRIAL and lnternredlate Insurance
agents; best policies In market Call morning
and evening, rooms 219-220. Emma Spreckels
building. ' .
WE want a canvasser In every town to sell
corsets, skirts. Crescent Corset Co.. succes-
sors to Freud's Corset House, 115 Geary st
A COUPLE of good picture arenta for country;
•good territory; expenses advanced. Call at
once. 1334 Mission st . .
LADY agents of mature years: liberal offer.
Address Euclid Medical Co.. 114 Euclid ave..
Cleveland, Ohio.
WANTED — Enerretlo lady and rentleman so-
licitors. 1312 Market St.. Callachan bids'.,
rooms 418-19.
100 NAMES of M. O. buyers for dime. A. C.
• CRAWFORD. 527 Taylor ave.. Alameda. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS agents wanted. Apply at 900
Broadway, room 82. Monday. 9:30 a. m.
A FEW rood hustlers to canvass from wagon*.
A. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason st.
ADOPTION.
A HEALTHY boy and rlrl baby for adoption.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Elrhth at, Ala-
m^da. ,i? 1
- ATTORKEY8-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE^ quick divorce for email feet
See me and save money; no Day in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rma. 1. 2, 3, 4 & 5.1st fl.,
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Defectives employed.
R. W. KINO, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldr-.
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all cases, general court and office prao-
' tlce; no fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 8601.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis- St.; 15
yrs. practice: refs. from many thousands of
soldiers. Bailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured- pensions.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet:* advice
free; all law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 927 Market room 301.
•DIVORCE law a specialty; no puDllclty: advice
free; costs $12. AdyB.A.S.. P.O. box 2199. 8. F.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market St.; consultation
free: no fees In advance: open evenings.
APT0MOBH.ES.
A RAMBLER automobile for sale. Address
box 3766, Call office. .
AUTOMOBILE wanted; Stanhope preferred.
Box 3840. Call»offlce.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREX.
A GOOD home for small children; mother's
care; terms reasonable. 2028 Buena Vista
ave.. Alameda.
COUPLE would like to board child; rood care;
reasonable. 1941 Mission st
W ANTED — A home for 2 children, atfes 8 and
11; terms reasonable. Box 127. Call.
* orriCES.
BAD tenants ejected fcr $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, room* 9-10: tel. Main 8580.
CAPE SOME. •
TICKET office for all points In Alaska. C. F.
MOORE, 927 'Market st.. room 309. Next
steamer June 2; $75 first class.
BCSlJtKgS CHAJTCEg.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves; 36- room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land roes
with lease: raise own hay. vegetables; all
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity In
this $2500; death In family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; 6% years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners In city; do-
Ing fine business: other Interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-h8e. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale, or will trade — 6 acres Inside city
limits; ono of best interior cities In Califor-
nia; house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy at.
FOR sale— Electrical and locksmith business;
central location: established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR Bale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general jobMnar: established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools,
etc.; full Inveetlratlon and trial given; re-
tlrlnr from business. CAMERON &.C.O..
3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 EDDY st.
HOTEL, cafe; golden opportunity: restaurant
furnished; best In Alameda; grand chance
' for good caterer or first-class cook; with
competent wife take charge; rent taken in
board. Address or call quickly on H. H.
TODD, Park Hotel, Alameda.'
GENTLEMAN . with best of bank references
has $20,000 to $25,000 to invest and take in-
terest In high-class Jobbing or manufacturing;
business: "show me"; your* proposition will
be strictly confidential. Box 380, Call office.
AN old established good paying bakery for
sale; a fine opportunity for a practical
baker. Inquire bet. 11 a. m. and 1 p. m.,
H. G. MEHRTENS. cor. Webster st. and
Railroad ave., Alameda. jf
DO your" affairs East require attention? Dur-
ing summer I will be East to transact busi-
ness in cities from St. Louis to Boston for
people here; return in July; references. Box
909, Call office.
: WANTED — Gentleman with $300 as partner to
start promotion company; party thoroughly
understands business; this is an exceptional
opportunity. Box 3S4, Call office.
FLORIST business; old established; fine loca-
tion; rent $35; 3 living rooms; failing: health
cause of selling; a genuine bargain. Box
3480. Call office.
FOR sale — $3500; splendid business In finest
location on the bay; established 15 years ;'
groceries, hardware, coal and feed; rent $20;
retiring. Address box 1183, Call, Oakland.
PARTNER wanted — $20C0; half Interest In
manufacturing business; a staple article in
daily demand; 2 retail stores and 2 wagons;
. doing a cash buslness^would like to enlarge
plant to supply wholesale trade; references
, exchanged; positively no agents. Address box
1173. Call office, Oakland. • .
$300 SECURES half Interest In commission
office whereby , party can . easily clear $125
monthly; must have references, also mean
business: experience not -necessary. Particu-
lars 1007 Vi Market st.. room 1.
$10,000 — BALANCE on time; an elegant home
and store building and the best retail grocery
business in California; located in * Alameda
County ;* a snap. Address W. H., 1146 Adeline
Et.. Oakland. Cal. ;¦ no . agents. .
FOR sale— 1 Dairy and delicatessen store. In
¦ good business locality; must be sold at once.
Box 81. Call.
. OAKLAND APVEKIISEMENTS
O4.Ht.AM* UK* I. KNTATR.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATB CO..
4C0-4C2 EIGHTH ET. OAKLAND.
$12.500— SPECIAL BARGAIN— Fine I2-room
house; 12 rooms, furnace, barn; 9.xl50;Lake-
" side district: 3 blocks to banking center; new
bank mortgage $K0O0; extra choice offering.
$SOO<>— MUST BE SOLD — f(300 mortgage; SE.
corner Thirteenth and Alice; fine 9-room
house- 3 block* to Fourteenth and Broadway.
$<XOO— Magnificent Linda Vista home; 8 rooms;
choicest location; fine elevation; cheap.
$5000— Extra fine cottage; every convenience:
50x115: choicest location west of Broadway;
near Eighth and Linden.
t:.2^0 — 3:iepant Piedmont home; S rooma: 40x
150; leaned for 5 years at *42 50 net; value
Increasing.
$42r»»— Fine 2-etory house; 9 rooms and bath;
6Oxl50; cost $4000 to build; choice location;
anxour to sell.
$4(£0 — Fine modern house; 8 rooms and batn:
choice location. Telegraph ave.; $3000 mort-
*c:>0<>— Modern 2-story house; 12 rooms; alwaya
rented: 32x115; Market et. near Key Route;
close in.
$3T.OO — Modern 7-room house: convenient to
librarv. high school and narrow gauge; must
sell.
$3O()0 — Fine new modern corner, « rooms; 45x
150; nioe location: very easy terms.
$3J«XV— BARGAIN INVESTMENT— Stores, flats
snd cottages, near broad gauge station; 40
feet front: rents ?3S month.
jroi-x, — M'vJern cottage. 6 rooms and bath; 46x
11«, near Telegraph ave. and Key Route;
•** ttis. _^_
S26.V* — Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath; 50x
140; nenr Thirtieth and Grove.
$25<xt — Maneard cottage; modern and beauti-
ful: R5xl2o; Funny location, near car line.
|Ilf*T flliall front cottage: 5 rooms and bath;
35x140: driveway; neighborhood Thirty-fifth
. St.: bargain.
J235O — Modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath; 8
minutes' walk to City Hall.
j!M.ii — MoJern cottage; 6 rooms: 37:6x115; gas;
near Twenty-third ave.: bargain.
$1250 — Cottaire: 5 rooms; convenient to Broad-
way or Market st. locals.
LOTS.
$.TTA— 41xJW; adjoins $15,000 home: Frultrale.
$1500— 50- ft. ccrner between Broadway and
Market «t. _.
J2T5O— K»0xl33; Thirty-fourth tt., near Key
Route. 'I: ,
j-70n — 1*2x168; terraced; near Senator Perkins
residence.
$2S5rt — «5it ft. frontage; Grove st. : close In.
*5C» ft — 9Sxl50; extra choice; Adams Point
ISO ft.— Worth $65; crown hill; 60x126; Linda
j;ii,v, — 1000x11": near San Pablo ave.: subdi-
vision bargain.
$1000— Shattuck ave corner; 6Txl4<; great fu-
•G5O— il3sl47; well; near East Fourteenth St.;
cr-fap.
$250—31x124; near San Pablo ave.; 6nap.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 EiKhth St.. Oakland.
F.EALTr BONDS AND FINANCE CO.. Inc..
1172 BROADWAY. COR. 14TH ST.
REAL ESTATE— INSURANCE.
HENRY A BrTTERS. PRESIDENT.
JOHN A. ITftrTTON VICE PRESIDENT.
ANSO.V S. BLAKE, 2ND VICE PRESIDENT.
$CS50.
An elegant new home of S rooms and bath;
In finest residence district and on the north
Fide of the street; 5 minute? 1 walk to 14th and j
Broadway and only one block to 5-minute car j
service: extra w*!l built and mo6t conveniently
arranred for large family. This place can be
bvucht on easy terms.
$t:.oo.
Fine new houfe of 7 rooms and bath on West
et.. near Key route: elegant large lot. 4(>xll6.
The house U exceedingly well built and has a
fine driveway at the side. Terms if desired.
J11KK).
Howe st. : house of C rooms and bath. It Is
modern and convenient to cars and near pro-
posed extension of Key route ferry system;
$500 cash, balance easy payments.
$2000.
Fine little 4-room cottage on 3Sth St., near
Telegraph ave.: Just completed and has stable
In rear; the lot is 32:Cxl00. It is a bargain.
See it.
$2750. |
R-room cottage, near 7th and Oak *ts.: in
fine condition and ha* every convenience. Well
built for owner. See tMs.
REAL ESTATE— INSURANCE
HEALTY. BONDS AND FINANCE CO.. Inc..
1172 BROADWAY. COR. 14TH ST.
VT. P. TODD. VT. P. TODD. i
1070 BROADWAY. 1070 BROADWAY, j
$900. !
Some very choice unimproved lots on Pied- '
rnont ave.
$400
Will buy a fine lot near Lorin station. Berke-
ley; thijs is cheap; one block from school
$1500.
Al lot on 6th ave.. East Oakland; very ,
choice; war cars and train.
$C00 will buy a fine lot on Chestnut and 22d
st*. Will build a cottace house, iiuncalow or
a home of any sire on these lots at the lowest
market price.
For a quick sale I have a fine cottage of 6
rooms, bath, laundry, high basement with room
lawn, flowers and large commodious barn; 15
minutes' walk to Key Route. Let us show
you this before buying els where; price $2700. '
A beautiful home in East Oakland to be
eacrlficed; large grounds; terraced lawn; flow-
ers; 2-«tcry of 10 rooms; laundry: attic; ma-
rine view; everything to make a home beauti-
ful; price $52>JO. See this before it Is gone.
WM P. TODD. WM P. TODD
1070 BROADWAY. . 1070 BROADWAY.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
IOCS Broadway.
A modern new five-room cottage on the north
•Fide of the street; lot 40x135; cement walks.
rtreet work done- and all up to date; close to
Key Route and Grove-street cars; price $2300,
$200 down and balance same as rent.
Beautiful modem six-room house, two-story,
with 7-foot concrete basement; elevated lot on
the west side of Linden st.; close to S. P.
trains; price $2473.
$2500— $300 ca?h. balance $25 per month;
beet bargain in Oakland; house of six rooms
and bath: patent toilet, gas and electricity,
hot and cold water; elevated lot, 50x100 feet on
34th St.. just west of Grove.
A neat cottage. 5 large rooms, basement; lot
60x180: close to City Hall; the owner of this
prcrerty it sick and it must be sold before
Wednesday; price $1900.
Aji elegant home of seven roomr and bath;
all modern improvement*: excellent location
on the northeact comer of Filbert street; this
house was built for the present owner; must
be fold: see this at once; price $4500.
FRANK P. LEE.
911 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$3200 — Special Knap; owner must have money;
clofte to Santa Ke depot: 7 nice rooms,
den. porcelain bath. nickel plumbing,
laundry and storage room; everything com-
. plet*: el'gant lot. 40x150; nice lawn; de-
sirable surroundings; eunny; Immediate
poaesswa.
$5400 — Brst Investment tn Oakland for the
money; 2 flats; built 4 years; 7 rooms.
r.ath. !»undry and basement each; gaa
and tlectric lighting: situated between
Telegraph «ve. and Grove St.; close to
business center and local trains; steady
tenant* at $54 r*r month or $648 per
year; pays 12 per cent
FRANK P. LEE.
911 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250—7 room modern house; Just completed-
combination fixture*; nice lot; this is an
honestly built house snd Is offered at a
bargain: near Telegraph ave.
$2S50— Beautiful 7-roora cottage; large lot-
near Ltnden and l€th »ts. ; this place
must be sold and is offered far below
its real value.
$1SOO— 6-room house and bath; close in* let
uk rhovr this to you.
$1600— Nice 5-room cottage and bath; large
lot; nesr 40th *U and Telegraph ave.
If you want to buy or sell, see us. <
F. F. PORTER. 466 Eighth «t
jjrirxv- FISH modern house, with stable; 4
block* from Ker Route and Santa Fe depot;
9 rooms and bath; lot 50x150; well Improved;
north side; elevated: suitable for one or two
families Address Owner. S20 36th st.. Oak-
land. " '
F. F. PORTER.
$5000— 12-room modern house; beautiful yard;
barn: carriage house; lot 40x140; near 27th
st. and Telegraph ave.
KEW 7-room furnished bouse; 5 minutes' walk
from Key route depot Apply '831* Thirty-
4ftk »t. Oakland.
BUSINESS CTAXCES— Continued.
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
business opening in San Francisco? If so.
w» can offer you any number requiring aa
Investment from $100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that pa^es through our
office must stand the closest Investigation,
and we can place you In a store, factory,
hotel, mill, olflce. or, la fact any busines*
you may. prefer.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
A— BANK and COMMERCIAL REFERENCES.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
A— TEA AND COFFEE STORE.
$3500 will buy this store; well stocked with,
tea. coffee and goods in that line; good loca-
tion; doing good business; established for
years; full Investigation Invited.
GEitMAXIA INVEST. CO.. V£l Market at.
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GEKMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market at.
A— PICKLLNG WORKS
For sale; factory completely equipped for
the manufacture of pickles, mustard, sauer-
kraut, olives, salad oils and table condi-
ments'; produet sold in all parts of the
United States; plant originally bought by a
gentleman of means for his son. who haa
been found incapable of managing the large
business; cost $15,000. but no reasonable
offer will b a refused.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st
A-WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.-
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market su
A— THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
A— 4100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof ihowins that
any person ever lost a dollar who lnve«t»4
any money In or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY. \^
Incorporated under the laws of California. V
Capital stock $50,000.
927 Market st., rooms 321. 322. 823, 824.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at
A— HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern: 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and,ready for occupancy: largs- dln-
lng-rpom and IS tables and Imported Vlena*
chairs; the best carpets money can. buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver serv-
ice: 10 years' lease; $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market at.
A — WE refer to 1000 successful clients.
GERMANIA 1XVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
JL— A, NEW THEATER.
A rantletnan with $5000 cash, capable of act-
Ing as cashier, can secura half interest la en*
of the best small theaters on th» Pacifls
Coast; will pay him $500 monthly; particu-
lars only at personal Interview at offlc* of
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure lnterast and
office of treasurer In an incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references given and required.
OERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $3000 eaq
secure partnership in established business la
this city and take charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st
A— HARDWARE STORE
For sale; a high-class business; Ions; estalw
Ilshed and centrally located: owner desires)
to retire- will Invoice about $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY.
$300 cash and services secure Interest la es-
tablished office business paying $15 weekly;
experience not necessary; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest investment and most
profitable enterprise in the city. We repre-
sent two of the largest incorporated companies
In S. F., and have openings for chauffeurs,
machinists and office men who can Invest a
small amount of cash with their services.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can Invest $500 In a
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; Invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
RESTAURANT!
THE BEST OPPORTUNITY NOW OPEN
IN THE STATE FOR A FIRST-CLASS,
experienced restaurateur and caterer. Frenno
Is the most progressive city la California
and needs this establishment: the busi-
ness 1« sure to pay well from the start. Th*
new building in which the restaurant Is u>
be located is the largest office and business
block tn the interior, costing upward of
$."500,000; it !s in the center of town whera
all the conditions are favorable to the es-
tablishment and successful operation of ono
of the beat paying enterprises of this kind
In the State. The proprietors of the build-
Ing want the right party so as to make this
enterprise a success, and in order to securs
the proper people they will make the condi-
tions very favorable. A capital, however,
of $8000 or $10,000 will be required to do
the necessary furnishing. Interested parties
are advised to come to Fresno, or. if impos-
sible to do that, to address THE FRESNO
BUILDING AND INVESTMENT CO.. P. O.
box 2576, Fresno, Cal.
$l00 WILL buy half-interest In nicely fitted
up restaurant: fine location: cause of selling.
partners cannot agree. Apply 9 a. m. to 5 p.
m.. 597 First st. opp Mail Dock. F. SHEK.
ANSWER this If you can invest $500 or more
with a prosperous company: position If corn-
petent. Box 101. Call office.
WE start you In mall order business; particu-
lars and samples free. American Special
Agency. Milwaukee. Wls.
A— $500; PARTNER wanted In light business.
Particulars at 25 Geary st.. room 5.
; A — $5000: BEST Investment In State- v«ry
large returns on perfectly valid business; no
scheme. BROWN CO.. 1221 Market at
OLD established cigar business for sale; dolni;
a rood retail and wholesale business. AJ-
dress box 1178. Call office, Oakland.
A BARGAIN — Saloon with fine fixtures cas!i
register, well stocked for $500; rent $15. 2823
Mission st
1
GENTLEMAN wants lady partner; roomlnr-
house business. Address 106 Eleventh st.
$300 — PASTRY and candy; electricity; cen-
tral; 3 finely furnished rooms. Box 390. Call.
*123 — BAKERY, notions, candy; living-room*:
rent chsap. 142S Pacific ave., near Larkin st
SALOON: downtown: no agents; eld estab-
Ushed place. Address box 340. Call office.
CANDY and Ice cream parlor cheap* comer*
make offer. /1427 Market st.
CAMPING outfit for ' sale or for rent at
Guernevllle. Apply 912 Rial to buildlnr.
A — SNAP; 6-chalr barber shop; cost $1500; iro-
lnr East; payments; $750. Sklrtn. 6 Eddy.
FOR sale — Delicatessen store; fully equipped;
rood location. Box 198. Call office.
DELICATESSEN store for sale $300: livlzf
rooms, furnished. Box 193. Call office.
HOTEL, bar. etc.; lease 3 years; rent $200;
value $3000. Box 230. Call efflce.
HORSERADISH grinding and deUcatessen bus.
cheap; rood reason for selling. 2401 Mission.
FINEST fruit and vegetable route in the city
cheap. Call to-day. 220 Hayes at.
CANDY store and icecream parlor very cheap
for cash; leaving city. 1326 Polk st.
UNDERTAKING business for sale in an In-
terior town of 3000 population. Box 99, Call.
GENTLEMAN dealrea to rnvest $2500 In profit-
able enterprise. Box 281. Call.
$500— PARTNER: no drunkard; good pay in?
•business; averaging $1S5 mo. Box 3925. Call.
FIXE laundry rcute- must be sold on account
of sickness. Particulars box 261. Call.
PHYSICIAN and surgeon with $200 can B*t
dispensary with rood practice. Box 257. Call.
STENOGRAPER with literary ability and $230
as office manager; good prop. Box 250. Call.
SALOON for sale cheap; piano, refrlsrerator:
three living rooms: must sell. S13 Howard.
FOR sale— Cigar store on Kearny at; good
location. Box 3830. Call.
WANTED — Grocery and bar. Box 174, Call
office.
RESTAURANT worth $1COO; $45 daily; half or
whole: cheap: easy terms. Box 294. Call.
SALOON, with lease: fine location; pood pay-
lnr and old-established place. Box 297. Call.
$20C0— RARE chance: business man with above
amount to make $25,000 easy. Box 299.* Call.
$3500 — FINE saloon; downtown. Inquire E A.
KOLB CO.. 419 Montgomery at.
$6500 — ALL or part of a popular cash retail
business for sale; doing $40,000 per year; 23
per' cent profit; owner compelled to leavs
State. Address WILL M. EEGG3, attorney
San Jose. Cal.
WANTED— To rent, hotel furnished. Address
with particulars box 1S42. Call oface.^^^
TOTE newspaper rout* for sal*, inquire el
tola crfice, -
BrsrsrEBs chaji cES--<c«»wti»we>«. _ .
A — $2500; 8ALOON; choicest location on Mar-
ket St.; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a first-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26 ft Kearny st
A— $250; BOTTLE beer route; well established.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at
A— $2750; CORNER saloon on Market st. in-
cluding 7 "rooms; .rent $100; return rents $30;
lease; a first-class location and well estab-
plished place. See R. G. WILKE. 26H Kear-
ny st
A— $950; CIGAR stand, with 4 years' lease;
rent $20; one of the best transfer locations
In this city; place easily clearing $100 per
month. Sea R. G. WILKE. 26 Keaniy »U
A-^SOOO; SOAP factory; a splendid and well-
established business; also manufactory of
washing powder; owner will allow buyer to
Investigate business for 14 days. See R, O.
WILKE. 26% Kcarny st
A— $700; SALOON with long lease In choicest
part of this city; rent $40: a good paying
business. Call It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $600 — CHOPHOUSE and coffee «aloon, opp.
cable bouse; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 28%
Kearny at.
A— DRUGSTORE— drugstore — drugstore; price
$4500; established 27 years; leas« 0 years;
rent $60; one of the beet paying » tores In this
city; owner to retire. Call K. G. WILK£.
26% Kearny st
A— $600; BUTCHER ahoD on Mission at: rent
$16; daily receipts $55; kept by owner »
years; proprietor to sea exposition la St
Louis cause of sale. R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— 1100: CORNER saloon with 7 rooms on
Bryant st.: rent $50; place «urround«d by
factories and warehouses; a good business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 80
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
good furniture, lease, place paying well. See
R. Q. WILKE. 26% K>axny st. -
A— $500: PARTNER wanted In chophous* and
conVo saloon; open day and night; a first-
class proposition. See R. O. WILKE, 2«%
Kearny st
A— $2500; DAIRY depot and route; flatly aales
50 cans; 8 horses 4 wagons, etc.; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 15
years; a good-paying Investment Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at
A— $500: BUTCHER shop; estab. years: all
cash trade; $40 per day; rent $20; best lo-
cation: ' a bargain ; owner must leave. See
R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny at
A— $350; branch bakery and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms: rent $25; fine location;
good business. See R. G.'WILKIE, 26%
Kearny at.
A— $2000; SALOON, Tlclnity Market Ellis and
Stockton sts. ; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at __
A— $900; SALOON, vicinity Taylor & Turk sts.;
rent $50; this Is a good paying and old es-
tablished business; a worklngman's place;
rare chance. See R. G. WILKE. 28% Kearny.
13000 — GROCERY and bar, on Fourth st. about
1 block from Market st; lease; good paying;
established years; sickness only cause of
tale. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business; store receipts about $60 per day;
bar receipts about $-0; owner will sell for
cash or 'trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE. 28%
Kearny at
A— $750; SALOON on Montgomery st; place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month: investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
SEE BROWN CO.. 1221 Market St.. for quick
sales and bargains; phone Howard /2925.
$225 — Bakery, oven, groceries, milk; bargain,
$173 — Partner take cash, large rest.; snap.
$250^ — Partner, coast monoply ; big money.
$650 — Saloon, bar. back bar, pool table.
A— T. J. DUNN & CO. Phone Howard 8463.
1312 Market st.
We have all kinds of business places for
sale. Call on us for Information.
THE BEST OPPORTUNITY TN EXISTENCE
For the Investment of small and large sums
of Idle money, where It will produce a large
and steady monthly revenue without risk of
loss; principal back on demand. For full
particulars address W. H. LATIMER. 413
Walnut st. Philadelphia. Pa.
- ON account of sickness I will sell my store,
dwelling, icecream and coffee parlors, with I
stock of notions; » confectioneries, branch
bakery, stationery. Jewelry, cigars and to-
bacco; a fine established trade in the center
of a thrifty town In Santa Clara Valley;
price $20GO. Address box 241. Call office.
CHANCE of lifetime to one man - each State
with a few hundred dollars and references;
monopoly of legitimate business; big profits;
no risk; high Indorsements. HULL. 154
East Twenty- third st. New York.
$10 INVESTED puts, calls, makes more money
than any other Investment; booklet "Small
Investments — Large Profits," explains; open
$10 account next 'week; established firm:
profits weekly. HORNER COMMISSION
COMPANY. 211 Grand ave.. Milwauka. Wls. I
FOR sale — General merchandise store In Wash-
ington; small town In agricultural and mln-
• Ing locality; good substantial trade; will sell
stock and lease buildings. Address for fur-
ther particulars, box 1S7. Call office..
$1100 — HOTEL In northern part of State for
sale; everything In first-class running; order;
good trade; live town; must sell or will tak«
a partner, one that can take charge of the
business. Box 3767, Call office.
$800 — BEST equipped poultry ranch In Fruit-
vale: nice home; long lease; 4 acres fruit.
$1500 — Half Interest: finest saloon in city.
WHITE & BAYLEY, 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
A— $5000: INVESTMENT will yield 20 per
cent; gravity system water works for thriv-
ing mining town. For particulars address
box 222. Call.
$1S,000 — GENERAL merchandise store In Cen-
tral California doing a business of $40,000 per
year. Address for full particulars, princi-
pals only, box 144. Call office.
STOCK or bond issue of reputable corporation.
mining or industrial, wanted; selling same
on commission; give particulars. P. O. box
1463. New York City.
DAIRY for sale: well stocked: horsei. warons,
cows, etc.; with an 85-gaIlon milk route.
Address box 181. Call office.
FOR sale — Store fixtures, with or without
stock; fine living rooms. 10S Turk st; phone
Howard 3456.
HOTEL and dining-room In the- growing town
of Point Richmond for sale; fine trade. Box
3971. Call office.
NOTION, stationery and cigar store for sale
in country town In California, Address box
156, Call office. .
CARPENTER shop. $225; rood location; cheap
rent; old established; owner leavlns city.
Address box 105. Call office.
FORTUNE for you — If you want a first-class
Investment with big monthly returns tn sight
address box 315. Call.
$850— SMITH'S candy kitchen and factory,
best-paying retail candy business south of
Market st F. A. SMITH. 241 Eighth at
WANTED — Man with some capital to taka
charge of fine new business proposition.
Box 2S3. CalK
$500 WILL buy a good-paying, well-located,
old-established meat market; fine family
trade; a bargain. Apply H. S. MEHRTENS.
Railroad ave. and Webster st. Alameda.
NO agents wanted: fine paying saloon; must be
fold; good reasons given. Inquire at 666
"Mission 9t
FOR sale — General merchandise and forward-
ing business in northern country town of
growing importance on S. P. R. R.; splendid
opportunity. Box 138, Call otflce.
FURNITURE business for sale; good place live
man; will sell stock at Invoice; located about
25 miles from S. F. Box 394O. Call.
100 LOTS free; applicants sending stamp \^jn
receive deed of lot, sUe 25x100 feet; suburb
N Y. Twentieth Century Realty Co., tf
Wall st.., New York.
FOR sale^ — Corner rrocery with bar and 4 liv-
ing rooms; lease; good for man and wife. 231
¦Fourteenth st. corner Minna.
FOR sale— On account of sickness, the old-
established corner grocery and bar. Apply
to the owner. 2C2S 24th st and Potrero ave.
54000 — GOOD retail business on Market sf
no night or Sunday work. Address box 92*
Call office.
WANTED — Lady or gentleman with $500 to
take half Interest in a canvas show. Call
at 1172 Harrison st. .
A FINE basement, ' suitablev for billiard and
pool; rent $10. Apply 319 Ellis st
MAN with $1000 to take Interest in new busl-
ress. Box 17. Call. ¦
FOR sale — Bakery with large stock; good loca-
tion and reasonable rent. 715 McAllister st.
ESTABLISHED hotel business and bar for
sale; good proposition. 14 Washington at
GROCERY and home for sale, cheap; owner
going East Address box 5. Fruitvale P. O.
$1900— CHOPHOUSE: established 8 years; good
business; 3 years' lease. 419 Bush st.
FOR sale— Restaurant 1183 Oa_ at, front car-
house.
CHCRCH SERVICES.
UNITARIAN Church (First), S.W. cor. Geary
and Franklin sts. — Rev. ' Bradferd Leavitt
. minister. Rev. Bradford Leavitt and -Rev.
- C. Ruess, supts. of Sunday school. Junior
church and Sunday school are at 10 o'clock.
Sunday service at 11 o'clock. Mr. Leavitt
will preach. Music by quartet, under di-
rection of H. Bretlwrlck organist. All are
cordially invited. There Is no evening ser-
vice. -.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp sts. (take Mission or Valencla-
et. car)— The Rev. Jay William Hudson,
minister, residence 500 Capp at. The Sun-
day-school meets at 9:45 o'clock. Mr. W. C.
Maxwell superintendent. At the morning
service at 11 o'clock the Rev. George Cros-
well CresseyfD.D., of Portland will preach.
Subject. "Life After Five and Forty; Descent
or Ascent?" Music by orchestra and choir,
under the direction of Mr. Jabish Clement.
All cordially Invited. No evening service.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
,son and Fillmore sts. — Rev. John Hemphill,
D. D., pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock.
Evening service at 7:45 o'clock. Rev. John
S. Macintosh, D. D., will preach at both
services. Sabbath school at 9:30 a. m.;
orchestral music. Christian Endeavor meet-
ing at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday
evening at 8 o'clock. All are cordially In-
vlted.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness avo.
and Sacramento st — Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie, pastor. Services 11 a. m. and 7:45
p. m. The pastor will preach at both ser-
vices. Subject morning. "The Modern
i-liurch." Evening, sermon by Rev. Ralnsford,
D.D., of New York; Sabbath-school,9:40 a.m.;
ChriRtlan Endeavor, 6:30 p. m. and 6:30 p.m.
Wednesday, 8 p. m., midweek service, lecture
on Iaaiah. All are cordially invited.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, cor.
Webster and Page sts. — Morning service at
11 o'clock. Evening at 7:45 o'clock. Ser-
mons by Rev. Thomas Boyd. Sunday-school
at 9:45 a. m, Christian Endeavor at 6:4~5.
Prayer meeting every Wednesday evening.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner of Post
and Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adama.D.D.,
pastor. At 11 a. m., special -musical service
by the choir and Sunday-school orchestra,
with address by the pastor. At 7:45 p. m.,
sermon by the pastor, topic, "A More Ex-
_ cellent Way." All are cordially invited.
THIRD Congregational, Fifteenth st, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader, pastor, will
preach at both services. 11 a. m., "The
Way to the Throne of Power." 7:45 p. m.,
fifth sermon in series, subject "To X?° nK
Men and Women Who Are Away From
Home. Earning a Living in the City."
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty-first and Capp sts. — Rev. F. M.
Larkin. Ph.D.. pastor; residence 3168 Twenty-
first st. Services 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. ;
Sunday-school 12:45 p. m, 11. a. m., sermon
by Rev. P. A. Baker, D.D., of Columbus. O.,
secretary of Anti-Saloon League. 7:45 p. m.,
sermon by Rev. Wm. Dawe. D.D., of De-
trolt, Mich.
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough ats.— Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett, D. D., rector; holy
communion 7:30 a, m. ; Sunday school 9:30
a. m. ; morning- service 11 a. m.; evening
service 8 p. m.; confirmation class 4 p. m.
The rector -will officiate at both services; you
aro heartily Invjted.
FIRST Baptist Church, 820 Eddy at— Rev. L.
P. Russell preaching. Sermon, 11 a. m.
Topic, "The Threefold Trumpet Call." Bible
school. 12:30 p. m. Christian Endeavor
meeting, 6:30 p. m. Evening sermon, 7:30
o'clock. Topic, "Unrealized Vision." Prayer
meeting Wednesday, 7:45 p. m. All cor-
! dlally invited. Seats free.
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist Central
block, 223 Sutter st. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m.;
subject of lesson-sermon. "Ancient and Mod-
ern Necromancy; or. Mesmerism and Hypnot-
ism." Sunday school for children at the
same hour; Wednesday evening meeting at
8 o'clock; free reading-room, 206 Kearny
st.. rooms 609-510; all are welcome.
CHURCH of the New Thought— Services In
Odd Fellows' Hall. Seventh and Market sts.,
every Sunday night. This evening Rev.
Henry Victor Morgan will speak. Subject
"The Gospel of Going On,"' A cordial invi-
tation is extended to all^persons .interested
In attaining health and happiness to attend
these services. Come early in order to get
acquainted.
THE People's Church meets Sunday evenings In
Elks' Hall, 223 Sutter st., at 8 o'clock. Sub-
ject this evening, "Are Any Souls Lost?"
Pastor. Mrs. Anna L. Glllespie. Mrs. J. J.
Whitney will assist with messages. Profes-
Bor Sawvell will render vocal solos.
GRAND Union mass meeting for men only at
Y. M. C. A. auditorium. Mason and Ellis
sts., this Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock; to
be addressed by Rev. P. A. Baker, D. D.,
supt. American Anti-Saloon League; of great
interest to all men; solo by Mrs. Whltehurst:
seats free to all men and a cordal invitation
extended.
THE Theosophlcal Society— Col. HI 8, Olcott.
president- founder. Headquarters, Academy
of Sciences building. Public lecture at 8
p. m. by Miss J. C. Brodie; subject', "The
Atlanteans" (Part II).. Lotus Group at 11
a. m. Study class. Thursday, 2:30 p. m.
THEOSOPHICAL Society. Golden Gate Lodge,
5 Odd Fellows' bids. — 8 p. m. subject, "Re-
lncarnation." by Mrs. Alice M. Best..
MEETIXGS SUXDAY.
KATIE HEUSSMANN will only remain at
1C00 Harrison st. a few days; her residence
will then be 11 Mission et, Santa. Cruz; open
to platform engagements.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader, will give messages this evening;
Elks' Hall. 223 Sutter st Offices 1206 Mar-
ket st; readings daily.
ALL skeptics invited to witness Mme. Young's
genuine spirit messages to-night; 10c; read-
ings dally. : C19 McAllister st.
EDWARD EARLE'S grand 6eance to-night
only; full names, etc. 009 Market St.,
Pythian Hall.
SPIRITUAL meetings; Scottish Hftll, Larkin
St.. 7:45 p.m. Perkins, Mrs. Wermouth and
others.
MRS. .STODDARjyS seances 10c; messages to
each from spirit friends; Sun., Tues. 273 9th.
TESTS; 900 Market; 2-8, Mr. Wilson; 8, Mme.
Van Walt Mr. Hargrave, , Dr. Cowan; 10c.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.; 10c; sit. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth st
MRS. EBERHARDT; tests to-night 10c; read-
Ings dally. 2250 22d St.. bet Valencia & Mis.
MME. LUCRETIA, medium; circles every aft-
crnoon and evening, 2 to 8, 10c. 148 6th, r. 1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister st. Mrs. C.
J. Meyer; sit. daily ;testa to all every ev., 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S test meeting to-night; 10c;
prophetic readings 50c-$l. 148 Sixth st.
NITA — Readings; circles Sun. and Tues., 8
p. m.. 15c. 704% Larkin st; no sign.
MME. VIGAR'S spiritual test meeting. lOo;
sittings dally. 50c. 148 Sixth st.
SUNDAY LECTURES.
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture this
eVenlng at Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle 909
Market et; subject "Modern Disease-
Fighting Machinery," followed by views of
a visit to Japan, the Mikado's land; free
ticket* will be distributed for X-Ray ex-
hibition at sanitarium Tuesday evening.
__Remember the question box. Special music.
MEETING NOTICES.
HERMANN Lodge No. . 145, I. *
O. O. K.— Officers and members
are hereby requpHtod to attend =i**5<SKS*9
the regular meeting on MON-
DAY. May 23. Double Initiation and first
nomination of officers. Visitors welcome.
MAX BORCK. Noble Grand.
SIEGFRIED COHN, Secretary.
TO the officers and members of Mo- Jt^0t»^<
doc Tribe No. 47, Imp. O. Red ?fiffly
Men: You are hcroby notified to be •ffiSBBki'
present at the council chamber, 320 Post st..
at 12 sharp, SUNDAY. May 22. to attend the
funeral of our late brother, MANUEL
FONCE, at East Oakland. •
V*- 1 M. V. SWAGER. Sachem.
I. OLENNON. C. of R.
THE Caledonian Club will hold Its v Sr,
thirty-eighth annual gathering and £» V/2
games at Shell Mound Park. MON- "i&JLvs:
DAY May 30. 1904. Renowned
athletes of the Pacific Coast, from the East,
also from Australia, will compete. Over
$3000 will b» distributed in prizes. In ad-
dition a gold medal valued at $250 will be
awarded to. the best player on the bagpipes
of Scottish national airs. Highland dancing
on platform by lads and lassies in . costume.
Programmes describing over forty events
will be distributed in the city; also across
the bay; get one. Full bands for the pa-
vilions; dancing In the pavilions until 8 p.
m. • Visitors will be accorded a genuine
Highland welcome. Buy round trip tickets
for Shell Mound Park. Admission to grounds
— Adults. 60c; children. 25c. ,
-A. M MACPHERSON. - Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
MODERN Woodmen of America, Goodfellow-
ahlp Camp 9633 M. W. of A,, meets every-
MONDAY NIGHT at Fraternity Hall, 909
Market at. San Francisco.
W. H. EDWARDS. V. C.
W.' J. ELLIOTT.- Clerk. Office room 627.
Emma Spreckels building.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting -of the stockholders of the Olympic
" Salt Water Company will be held at the
" office of the company, 327 Market street San
Francisco, Cal., on Monday the 23d day of
May, 11)04, at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.,
fcr the purpose of electing a board of dl-
- rectors to serve for the ensuing - year." and
the transaction of such other business as may
- come before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday. May 13th. 1904, . at 3 o'clock
p. m. CHARLES A.;GIBS0N, Secretary.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAM) REAL ESTATE.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN. '
Real Estate Agent and Dealer.
Member of the Oakland Real Estate Assocla-
- tion.
$2700 — Nice 6-room cottage on west side of
Grove st., near Key Route; new plumb-
Ing; house In good condition; lot 33x116;
must be sold right away; owner going to
Europe. g
$2300— Fruitvale, lot 70x125;' modern 6-room
cottage; fruit trees; close to cars and
trains,
$6250 — Rents for $840 per year; 100 feet from
Broadway.
$2500—10 rooms, bath. gas. double parlors:
3-foot brick foundation: cemeYit base-
2 blocks from Oak station; a snap; look
this up.
$2500 Each — Two new houses, elegant location;
adjoin each other; 6 rooms; electricity
and gas ;on .terms, $500 down, $25 per
month.
$7500 — 97 feet front; Telegraph avenue proper-
ty; only corner left in this viciity; 3 ele-
gant residences to be erected on opposite
corner.
$SCOO — Two cottages, 6 and 9 rooms each; por-
celain bath; fine location lot 100x237 (note
-the size); stable, fruit trees; finely con-
structed.
$5750 — Two-story house, 8 rooms; porcelain
bath; back and front staircase; lot 60x
100; sunny Bide; open lawn; palm and
shade trees; on Hobart st.
$0000— $500 down. $25 per month. Including
new canxns; new house, 6 rooms, por-
celain bath, tiled sink, paneled dining
room; gas and electricity; close to Grove
street
$2500 — Will buy 2 cottages, 6 rooms each; cor-
ner. 2 blocks from local train; renting
now for $21 per month.
$3750 — 9 rooms, porcelain bath; lnslda finish
in curly redwood; paneled hail and din-
- Ing room; hardwood entrance; art glass
In hall; cjose to San Pablo avenue and
Twentieth street; house Is finely con-
structed; can be had on terms, $500
down. $35 per month; will trade equity
for lots; mortgage $2500. .
S550 will buy a lot within 5 minutes' walk
of Santa Fe terminal; finest location, sun-
ny side on Thirty-fifth street near Mar-
ket; street work done.
$8000 — Elegant house, 9 rooms, thoroughly
modern; one block from Lake Merrltt
on Alice street: hall staircase and din-
ing room in solid oak; furnace, concrete
basement; surrounded by beautiful homes. ;
A rare chance;' 52475; new modern colonial
house, 6 rooms, porcelain bath, tiled sink ;
hardwood cherry mantel; double parlors; gas
and electricity; 3 bedrooms, closets, plate
glass door: finely frescoed; close to Grove
street and 5 minutes' walk to train: electric
cars one block ea£h way; must be seen to
be appreciated.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
Real Estate Aeent and Dealer.
Member of the Oakland Real Estate. Asso-
ciation.
1002 BROADWAY. Oakland.
$5250— FINE residence and grounds; • rooms,
etc.; Alice st. ; best bargain east of Broad-
way. THE ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$4000— MODERN flats, rented $40 month; a
bargain: central location and never Idle.
• THE ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
$3600 — MODERN residence, 9 rooms; good for
renting rooms; only 3 blocks east of Broad-
way and near all trains and electric lines.
THE ALDEN CO.. 111S Broadway.
HOW IS THIST
$3100 WILL buy an 8-room modern house with
lot 175x100, fruit trees and flowers; high,
healthy location In East Oakland; con-
venient to car lines.
CALL AND SEE THIS AND MANY OTHER
BARGAINS WE HAVE TO OFFER.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
105S Broadway, Oakland.
DO you desire to use your rental payments.
together with a small cash payment to
secure a beautiful new home from $2850 ana
up? I have many. HARRY L. HOLCOMB,
314 San Pablo ave.. Main 553; res., Brush 176.
$6000 "WELL-BUILT, comfortable Oakland
home, of 10 rooms: large corner. 150x200
feet; good barn, carriage-house and other
outbuildings: beautiful shrubbery. shade
trees and several bearing fruit trees; lawn;
revolving fountain; 35 minutes from San
Francisco.
JAMES G. JONES. 26 MONTGOMERY ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
A SNAP.
$1050 only for a 6-room cottage with bath,
etc.. in East Oakland; easy terms. P. C.
LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
~ OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET. ~^
HARRY L. HOLCOMB,
314 San Pablo ave.. Main 553; res.. Brush 176.
RENTING DEPARTMENT.
$50— Most restful home of 9 rooms, porches,
basement, etc.; summer-house; large crown hill
corner: elite surroundings; mature fruit trees
and shrubbery; unexcelled views; soft, pure
air; might sell on easy terms.
$40 — Beautiful heights home; with terraced
lawn, etc; never been rented; owner moved to
Seattle.
560 — Completely furnished 9-room houee; large
grounds; mature shrubbery: on the heights;
ready for Immediate possession; owner out of
the State.
$100 — Swell corner manor home, with stable;
grounds beautiful; few minutes' walk to trains
and City Hall; lease 3 years.
1 $60— Lakeside home, with $5000 stable; leas*
for 1 year; no carfares.
HOUSES. COTTAGES. FLATS, ETC.
SEE HARRY L. HOLCOMB.
314 SAN PABLO AVE.
ONE OF THE LARGEST OFFICES IN ALA-
MEDA COUNTY. •
FURNISHED HOUSES IN OAKLAND.
Fine new 10-room house, with 6 bedroom*,
short distance from Oak-st station, Lakeside
District. $C0.
Fine 8-room house on Vernon at., Oakland
Heights; stable, etc.; will lease for a year
If desired; $50.
Myrtle st, short distance from 16th: 11
rooms; fine sunny corner; will rent for $65.
THESE ARE ALL GOOD PLACES.
JAS. S. NAISMITH,
634 Thirteenth at
MAGNOLIA, near Tenth— /Two elegant, sunny
flats; reasonable rent. Key 749 Magnolia st
«, OAKLAND FURNISHED nOUSES.
CHOICE residence for rent: handsomely fur-
nished house 12 rooms; desirable neighbor-
hood; on car line; to rent for six months, $85
per month. MEAD & BELL, 1223 Broad-
way. Oakland.
OJJ^D FBnilCTBB FOB - 8AI jJv
TO-MORROW th« day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Pche11hasn.nth «t.. cor. at ore. Oakland.
MILL VALLEY ADV'KT'S'M'TS
MILL' VALLgY REAL ESTATE.
TAKTJ a delightful trip to-day— Go to Mill
Valley; see the lots right at the station we
are selling so fast.
PRICES $400 TO $800 EACH.
Terms 10 per cent cash; balance $10 monthly.
All the lots are large; none less than 50x120;
grand home sites amid pleasant surroundings;
beautiful views of mountains and bay; the cli-
mate unequaled; splendid opportunity for an
Investment; land values bound to Increase, as
Mill Valley is rapidly coming to the front;
the new electric road has shortened the time
to 40 minutes from the city; Mill Valley has
all the conveniences of a city; fine supply of
pure mountain water, good sewerage and
drainage, electric lights, stores, churches and
schools and in fact, all conveniences; lots
beautifully wooded; send for our new Illus-
trated book descriptive of Mill Valley. Agents
on ground Sunday. LYON & HOAG,
116 Montgomery at
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
$7000 — A BEAUTIFUL home at Ross station;
fine 2-story house, 9 rooms and bath; electric
lights; over an acre of ground; nicely laid
out; lawn and garden; also native oak and
redwoods. ROTHERMEL & CO., 607 Call-
fornia st. '¦ - ¦
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
ASTHMA JEMEPY.
A Dl Nola'a Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly: 10c. 25c. 50c 1602 Market St Nicholas.
-. BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
CALIFORNIA motor bicycle; used 10 miles;
$100; also California motor tandem, $125.
JOE HOLLE. Twentieth and Folsom sts.
BICYCLE for sale cheap. • 31 Sharon street.
NEW Rambler, coaster brake; very cheap.
Apply Dr. Langer, rm. 301, 206 Kearny st:
FOR sale^ — Bicycle: almost new; coaster brake.
Call 141 Thirteenth at
0AKLA3D ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND KH*I BSTATK.
HOLCOMB BREED & BANCROFT. Inc..
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
SANTA FE TRACT! SANTA FE TRACT.
HOMES.
- AN UNINTERRUPTED VIEW OF THE
GOLDEN GATE. BERKELEY HILLS AND
MT. TAM.VLPAIS.
VT FV4TFD SUNNY: FRUIT " IN
AfuNDA^': CHERRIES, APRICOTS.
APPLES. ETC."
AND L FROM S 110°TO 300 F FEET IN *DEPTH.
NOTE THE LOCATION.
— I
*\ >i , f y-
$600 TO $900.
40x105 •• 40* 133
THIS PROPERTY IS NOW BEING OF-
FERED AT A REMARKABLY LOW
PRICE. WHICH INCLUDES STREET
WORK COMPLETE IN ALL DETAILS—
MACADAMIZING. SIDEWALKS. ETC.;
SEWERAGE PERFECT HAVING FALL
OF 15 FEET TO THE BLOCK.
WILL , BUILD HOMES TO SUIT ON
RENT-PAYING BASIS. GET ILLUS-
TRATED CIRCULARS AND MAPS
HOLCOMB BREED & BANCROFT. INC..
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. INC..
10C0 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
UNIMPROVED.
Only $20 per foot; on Broadway; 200 feet deep;
* an exceptional bargain for a quick buyer.
$375 — 10x120; elevated lot; street work com-
plete; close to schools, cars. etc.
L.T.
$600 — 50x100; street work complete; close to
Santa Fe and San Pablo trains; worth
$1000,
$700 — 35x100: very sightly location In Linda
Vista Terrace district: street work com-
plete: one block to Oakland ave. cars;
fine view and surroundings.
1057
$1000 — 33:4x132: on Vernon St.. Adams Point
district; street work complete.
$1820—52x100; on Summit St.; sightly lot; ele-
gant surroundings; very choice bargain.
B.
IMPROVED.
$2700— JUST FINISHED. $2700.
Cottage of 5 rooms; pcrcelain bath, open
plumbing, nickel trimmings; reception
hall- dining-room paneled and finished in
¦weathered oak, with china closet: artistic
tinting effects; close to Santa Fe cross-
town train and all car lines; see what a
nice place this is; terms to suit. ~
g A.— —
$S750— JUST BEING BUILT. $3750.
A Swiss bungalow, containing on first
floor reception hall, parlor, dining-room,
library or den, kitchen, pantries, etc.;
upstairs 3 bedrooms, bath, with all the
modern "fixtures; 2 toilets; gas and elec-
tric lighting; the tinting and mantels can
b e made to suit the taste of purchaser;
this property is within easy walking dis-
tance of Fourteenth and Broadway.
B.NO.l
$1250 — In course of construction, colonial house
of 8 rooms: first floor, parlor, living-
room, dining-room, kitchen, pantries. 2
closets and toilet: second floor, 4 bed-
rooms, elegant bath and toilet arrange-
ments; open plumbing; gas and electric
lighting; large lot; sunny exposure; In
Oakland's finest residence section; close
to Broadway and Telegraph ave.; see
plans at office.
B.NO.2
$3200— NOW BEING BUILT. $3200.
The cutest l J ,£-story cottage that has
happened this year; reception hall, with
! cozy corner; parlor, dining-room, library,
with bookcases and seats, kitchen and
pantries, wash trays, toilet etc.; 3 bed-
rooms and the latest bathroom, with
equipments; see plans at the office. >
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT, INC.,
1060 BROADWAY, OAKLAND, CAL.
A MAGNIFICENT HOME.
SPECIALLY CONSTRUCTED. j
Clinton Day, San Francisco, architect
t22,000 owner has expended.
$13,500 price immediate sale.
Also sell furniture very cheap.
This charming home has one of the most
beautiful front entrances imajinable. The
interior very*lnvltini and homelike and af-
fords that wholesomeness so lacking In
many homes. Bedrooms 5, all sunny and
cheerful. Fine attic for yourselves or the
children; easy of access: beautiful grounds,
110x200, with full grown shrubberies and
bearing fruit. It is simply a perfect home.
Up-to-date and built with no spare of ex-
pense. Location Fruitvale, In the imme-
diate surroundings of the homes of the fin-
est families In the State. Beautiful, soft
warm climate. If In poor health don't fall
to *ee. Choicely situated, affording a near
remoteness and accessible seclusion.
LET US SHOW YOU.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth et,
ALDEN REALTY CO.,
S1S4 Telegraph ave.; phone Black '6481.
BARGAINS.
$100 — Lot 60x60; nice location; east of Tele-.
graph ave.
$200— Lot. 60x90; handy to Telegraph and
Claremont aves.
$275— Lot 23x100; 4Sth st., nr. Telegraph ave.
J $375— Corner lot 30x115; Shatter, near Tele-
I grAph ave.
I $20 front foot on Telegraph ave., near Idora
Park: etreet work complete.
$3250 — Nice home on Claremont-ave. corner.
t LOOK AT THIS.
A GENUINE BARGAIN.
$5000 — Suburban hotel and roadhouse close
to Oakland; lot 115x136. containing 1 store and
40 rooms, all hard finished; water through-
out the house; gas pip^s In every room; com-
plete cas plant on premises; fine steel kitchen
range: all modern conveniences; cost owner
$10,000 cash; must *fcll; Investigate.
IRA P. JENKS.
; ;,; 1203 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$3250 r* LOT 60x150; seven rooms and bath;
high basement; fruit trees — apple, figs,
quince, pears, peaches, cherries, etc.; flowers;
two large barns; near school; right in the
line of improvements; "Key" route depot to
be located within three blocks of this prop-
erty; northwest corner of Miranda st and
Claremont ave. Apply WALTER E. LOGAN
& CO.. 1118 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$300 CASH buys; balance payable after S
years; a well-built new house, 6 large rooms.
bath, etc; everything complete and up to.
date; lot .14x100: excellent location: high'
snd oear church, school, stores, bank, street
cars, Key Route and Santa Fe stations;
' now open for inspection. 867 37th et., Oak-
land: tske Key. Route from San • Francisco
$8500 — SEE this bargain; building alone worth
more: 3-story, 2 stores and 30 rooms; fine
corner. 60x90; near Key Route, on business
street: electric cars pass the door; well
rented. ROTHERMEL & CO., 607 California.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 22, 1904.
45
•* Lt>IK.I\«.-ll<U vKS VOtt SaLK. I
* _ CAXEttOS «.- <~O.. Phcn» South 10C0. (
• .3 Kficy tt.. cor. Marfcrt and Po-wrtl.
Ue».I<ju»rtt-r* for noorr.tnp-hou*e». Hotels anJ
• All Klr.i* cr RuElr.«s Chances.
;«0 rnoras: erand. n*>w. modern apartment-
."*:¦ ¦jj>>.*«'I'-c_ntiy furniehM and equipped; cheaj>
r. rt. fen* iea« : paying: $300 to $tjOt per month:
• .-.!.-.. full nice ptcpie; bargain if taken at]
<• .r> . __¦ a !».t km cJ 1 iittnerthiji.
II c.x>m»: rrnt oniy J57: oak furniture; rood
carpets; part caeh, balance time; price $3".^. j
l<& nv*r»; cheap rent: Sm-Hass up-to.date
rr.niercial house: clearing S3_0 to $4OO per
, recall for particulars.
:_• r.»n_*: n»rt only $4 per roota; new and \
-.: -*<~cat«- ii-_»u*«:; _a men; electric elevator.'
UC-U«.;ltt_t lease; clears $4<« to $500 per'
g tenth, eat of the L-e« buys In the city.
. - .'
i.< re-ras; n-nt only J100; well furnlehed; lit-
•^;artm»-nt bouse; reduced to $UuO.
* I5__coo«_s; beautiful earner: 3 and 4 room
. a^iftt— eats; grand mzrin* view; r.ew and mod-
: . t&roortamt: most elegantly furnished houte I
::. cty; call for tenr.s and particulars.
- . < \ rv ."": 5: £n<i UVZ** flst : r«t enly $30; can!
• Ly javlng fi5u doun. b_l_acV time; ;
-ootr.s: mn*t £-ra__y arpoir.ted apart -
meet h-u?- in .«an Francisco; beautiful ___U
pro befittns; fese er.trar.c*; cheap rent- cv_? i
wij£_ce > :tr ctt:t r*-r yf>_r. / .- ' 1
'- 21 ro-as; ccmer; lent only $SS; o»k fur •
p c-airsj; nrst -class proposition. I
n _f- t ___i V:**?' 1 * rur " f-»»r 'hotel on Nob|
2_A____*__£I bu % 3 *«•: w ' ! » trade for l*rge i
._fl_r_a«M 1k,_*c and Pay cath difference.
K_!L_2f a 2Ef ? c *' t'-™ r * r month: if !
- rsarl-^___?- : wr ' : -* rl commercial hotel; g!
•~t ot M_^' h^?*' aP Pent: * !e S* n ' ! y furnished; j
' __^£_? " r "« >o "-=itles to secure fire:-
•X b.^_c-°tTS;: fcaa uther bU£lntse; p^i
-_!_?- "-SJfV »?«,¦!' wntnw- transient hou*e ta I
__f ; _^ tra<3e ror r* 3 **; compelled to leave j
_2L JSS-S rf T rn: >" t7 °- fln * Utt'e apart-!
rr^nt huu*-: *:cl:r.>*&*: must sett: ena;,; $Oa.'. j
a^T'-f K?J_ v* U<J v * r Itior - tfe : »«« sell w_j
account of ether busings*: only with ue.
b * l «« •
• .24 roon-js: rent $1*5; new »r.d elegantly fur-
¦ ":',, r - " ¦ ¦¦--¦ --¦ ¦¦'¦' prcpoaUtoo!
• ** Ee
_O> rooms; n*w and up- to-<late aDart-»e-it I
tefj J___^S2; lu ™ l * h^ Srand e_5__e£
. e\- j raorie-fi cleartrLg »400 to J500
l^-waifa: tc- be .Old at a bargTin en account
takes m ** to **» per day _^__h__£__S2
. regular roosaers; »flt'»-g investigation^
ICS rooms; cheap rent-, new and elerantlv ;
• -rr.:»h^l. -up-tc^ate rocr-ng-hou^; nas fine
, tar. can be run in ocnjTJnction if de*ired- ra'e i
vfeance for risht parties:: Hart ___^fc__2S
r2n :2r* out of the house: ether bwtoess
*___*¦**- de-u>_4 ____jdl«tt <!ep_Aure '
" i__f^* li V- ** rf ' a! etta - e . rooming.hounen and :
for exchange or trade, always on '
A. CAMERON & CO.. S Eddy st.
MAP.ICN GRIFFIN.
S nl'f^ 1 *.",_•• , CTfcr Examiner entrance,
oar. Third ana Market *ts: phone Black 3607;
•*** roo~i!_g an! apartaect houses for
! l.'Ctit cut this 10.T.M ad. I
•5""2S ce 7? vou " ke * business looaticn*
o. you !:ke a respectable hous-e?
; . j. v\ou.<i you like a hou-?- clearing
u. fl.S ;-er month over all expense*'
*.. V.e c*n __sw you »uch a house.
..A h<yu»e th_t we ca.-i recomnjend. I
». \>u r*«l only pay *15.A dowa - 1
. ¦. ' *.. ?na we *hs'.; show vou the houe« \
\ m '-¦ y^r.y.x GRu-riN. 406 E____=er gife ;
BTTTEB it . _3 r.: rer.t ?7.1: c'.t-ars $?S month- \
rejuectafcle: a bargain; %W*j: well
TV - '¦• ¦ MARION GRIFFIN. \
X V.'- ?: 31 rocn:«: nri-- $12i*. : clears '
•___ l>-: r-nt SllO. - MARION GRIFFIN.
"-nt; oniy !.;«» f or 23 rocms; 3 floors- j
- *So ever rent; near Mark-t; j>rice !
¦'- >¦*<¦¦: ;^:t <a.-h. MARION GRIFFIN.
" "' -75 at , th^- - ri <-^— »T5^-for 14 rooms, near j
-> .i-d \an Ness; en sunny Fide of street"
" * *-*: Marion griffin. I
. ST. 1 V\.At +-* c_n ..tlJ -pa a 21-rocns house
rail <,i r^-".'.^ (clearlr.- $72 a month) for 1
that y«ju need cniy pay a little money
wsna; we Jeni you the balance. pa>-able In
MARION GRIFFIN. '
• EXCK-CESS ccrr.;i»ig sale of a SJ-room house in I
w_lc_ tn* prcftt f»r 11*X was $255<> over all
. price $2"Wj; _te_ locking bay-win-
'"¦ " '¦"-^- MARION GRIFFIN. |
II* VK V.v _ tist-r'.is* l'»>-room hcus-7 Yes '
l*^ cf th /-J: one it dowrtown and on ? n^r '
. ' " Hill: bo*h strictly first-cla**: both i
buticir^:* new and TT*jti*-rn: the business of I
- eath »::: !^ar th* closest invest'saUon: both <
'¦>g.-»ntly furr.l.-hfd. MARION GRIFFTN. }
TWO KTVEXi. T>0-ronrn houses; cne full of m»n '
r ;J o-!-?r? Oann- «300; one a f»ell familv
.-¦¦-¦Iti ¦ *t,iri:;; t<M». MARION GRirFIN".
TRAiCMENT; EXTRA w»ll furnished; quiet-
.." r-jcii-.; !•«,*: dears f23O; could be rr.ade
to-clcr (SCO; Brtcc 5JCO-: rart r_.-h i
MA P. ION GRIFFIN', j
** BOOSTS wKh l»i-e: in Pei_esej; nicely fur- I
" isaefl; cae blor_ frora university: j:sic»-
n:onth!y iicc-.e $<n~*; always full.
w"roo_.s. Ui Oa_UruJ. near Center; com-!
Ati9-nod paying rettacrsnt ia Cm location !
- in L^rbclty. - a j
-r,,v^_ A - U "ALE.
.luTI r.-3ttac_ ave.. 2515 Shattuck ave '
f^ 11 '"^ lVrk ' j->'- Dwirttway. *|
-_- r '"-. r * '•'-- Phone D?rby 1U22. '
IW r."OMS; «u_cy corr.fr; rest $123 JiJw
So rocss: clear* SZU>; lew rent ' ttZW '
. to ror.r-t: fjrritur* nearly new S*«0O !
lr '* : fiae 1<>ca «'"n- ccrth cf Market. *iOO) '
4C J -•.-; tn Oakland; new; rent 1&> J£509 ¦
*Z roo— is; half «-££_: cb^ap rent SS09 i
r.pS.".!' 11 ';-'" 1 furniture. EITEL &
CAKP.CtJU 2:2 Ki-arry et.
>^ qviok sale. ~it;!
K'-r Urflafiy var.ted; KZO cash: elerantl'y '
ry;_nsbrt :t>-re-cni. .cr-mer. transient house- ¦
nan wU to-Ai- to uio^e estate. KREU) _ : !
CO- r ii^t Market rl.
t" It&"'M-: -OBB- rcrr.-r hour-; all outside'
• jv-v:r../w rooms; cart, eoath ar.4 -re*t ex- i
• FOS eaic. «a acc.unt of ricka«s* 33 rootas »
m _!1 r»r.ted; erood loritlrsa; rea&onabl» rent- no !
a-i nt.-. AaCr^9 <}. E.. bo- let, r-.ifi efflce. i
_/3I2GING-HOL-f:: cr 2-J rooms f/>r -Ue- well '
fjrr»;?::iej:; all rocms fall; price $2750- rent •
ri - '.>; <nwe^tiff*t^ this. liox :^v{.S. <ji__i.
EN'AI'— :i. rir.s.. #-!eff_ntly fam.: Van N>ss- !
• stilas* n_rt; ofr<r —-anted. Skirra. 4 Eddy. 1
HOCKE o! IS r->c_?s lor f»>: rer.t $57 CO- fur- j
r.ifh'-rJ throLXhcut. 421 II;-Je rt.
• FNAP — C<_-n»-r: 2 fl-<yi— ; bar. locatlcn: folding '
b.?Js; rf.Uit be ;o!3: gas ranges. Box 3J1. CalL {
F3I> sa>— ;i-r>:ra If^gtng-horse. Inquire
croeery store, lil-?> Folscm st.
5iT>O — 7* ROC i!S ; newly rurnlshed bouse; cheap
. rt-r.t: co-ing Vnft. :.12 ilascn st.. near Geary.
NIVE roo— :»: ail fui!: must s*!l en account of
tirkn-»« Inquiry 212 Ftrth st.
IX>UGI\G-UOISCS WANTED.
WANTEt^-Lodring-touM to rent of about 15
or IC roo— 1* not to *x*-~d $50. Addrets H.
1'. I.ATHAX. 12Z5 Callforr.la >t.
tl'IHIIlAU'M.
VRS J J. W-HITNEr
Clairvoyant, trance bcslnets meilcm and life
r^ad-r. 120C Market St.. Gait House.
C V. mjJJEBTM «anw ta-Elpht. S o'clock. $1; j
"TlllllWiij's special Manrt. 50c. 1084 Bcsh et
EI« c rT; P.ETNOLDS' materializing In full
_JiSt-t. Fucday. 2 and S p. m.; 50c. Z2S Ellis.
IiBTNOI-DS. mattriallzlr.g in full light;
Cund_y. 2 and f> p. ra.. 00c. Sib Ellis st.
I>r. O lUna, rlalrvoj-ant, trance-wrtttng rntdlum;
____> t'--nU:ht. Hariorn 23-30. l'H'J Market «t.
JEDVfARO EAEtUCS mteting . to-night- 0C3 3
¦ •-.< et.
FRCF, FRED EVANS noted clalrroyant aad 3
cUite-arrucr. 1U2 E-&7 it I"ho=e Scott U7.
I EMPtOTMEIT WATTED— XIALJB.*
SITUATION-asicanv_3ser; can give references.
Bex :«7. Call office.
JOB printer wishes steady uMition; wages $19
week. Box SO*. Call office.
• UPHOLSTERER wants position; state wag is.
Box 374. Call office.
> WANTED — Position as cash boy; good refer-
ence. Address box «73. Call office;
• YOUNG - man - wants a rositlon; ur — ad ol
: work. Box 371. Call orflce.
S WANTED— Situation as butler. 3CA De Long
I ave. • •=.;.-. j ..
I SITUATION wanted as> shipping clerk, whole-
sale house: references. Bax 333. Call office.
I ALL round salesman would like position. . Box
3SH. Call offlce.
WANTED — Work an hotel porter. O. WIL-
COX. 347 Kearny st.
YOUNG man wants position la .wholesale
house; expert accountant. Box 32. Call.
SALOON oorter wants place. G. FARqO. 8«7
Market, st. , ¦'
YOUNG man wants a position a* elevator "man.
Box J3.S. Call ofSce.
! PLUMBER'S hefcer w_at3 a Job. Address E.
j H. K.. 34 Prospect ave.. B. H.
I ¦ ¦
I WANTED — Situation ad expert ' accountant.
Box 293. Call office.
1 1 ¦
1 WANTED — Situation as experienced' vlneyard-
ist- Box 294. Call offlee.
j PIPE fitter and electrician, experience* ta
marine works, wants position. Box "<?. Ca'.;.
WANTED 1 — Work as nlzht watch —tan. G.
FULLER. 347 Ellis st. ' -•
A BOY IS years old would like a good steady
Job. 502 Bryant st. -
MAN wants position as watchman. Apply 30O
Dupont st.
A GOOD barber, union man. wishes posltlo—
In countr>-. Box 35. Call offlce. '
LUNCH waiter wants Job. H. J. LYONS,
24«7 Mission st.
YOUNG man. 20, wants a position ta g»
north: any kind of work. Box 33. Callof-ae.
I WANTED — Position as city salesman; grocery
line: long experience. ' Box 91. Call office.
GOOD cook wants position. G- LEVISONv-lT
Market st. '
A TAILOR wants situation. 17 Geary, st.
WANTED — Position as errand boy. Addrtss
box 6-*.. Call office. . ' .
WANTED— Position, as gardener. 14 Turk, st.
WANTED — Position as clerk. Box 147. Call.
WANTED — Position as clerk. Box 149. Call.
WANTED — Posttion as barber. Box 143. Can.
WANTED— Position as barber. Box 99, CalL
WANTED— Position as clerk. Box 183. Call.
WANTED — Job as gardener. Address box U9,
Call offlce.
WANTED— Job aa porter. Eax 145. Ca,tl.
POSITION as clerk. Box 183. Call offlce. .
WANTED — Any kind of work by young man.
J. B-. 304 Seventh st.
YOUNG man wants position as* porter In hoteL
Address box 109, 1008 Market st.
AD writer (experienced) desires position. A4-
dress box 109. 1003 Market st. ¦
A BOY wants position as stock boy. Bex 29,
Call office^ •
BOY wants a position of any kind. Box «.
Call offlce. ____^
EOY wants position aa errand boy. Box 29.
Call offlce.
MAN wants to work In a stable. Box 23,
Call office.
WANTED— Situation as Janitor. JAMES
HARRIS. 744 Howard st.
WANTED— Job as porter. E. J. STILLMAN.
26 East st.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper. Box 3O.
Call office. "
A MAN wishes position as salesman. Box 3,
Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as porter In whclesals
house. Address Box 23. Call offlcs.
WANTED— Work as porter. T. J. LINTON.
15 Third st.
A BOY wants a position as errand boy. Box
SSI 4. Call of fie?.
AN experienced stock boy wants a position.
Box 3S15, Call offlce.
A BOY wishes to do any kind oC work. _ Box
3946. Call office.
BOY wants to work on farm. 1105 Gough st.
WANTED — Position as elevator boT tn tailor
shop. Address box 3943. Call offlce.
YOI~NG man wants position as wrapper. Box
3923. Call offlce.
OLD man wants lleht work on farm far hl»
board. JOHN BOCKMAN. 232 Stockton st.
- _
FIRST-CLASS bartender wants position; refer-
ences. Box 39-S3. Call offlce.
WRAPPER wishes position; reference. Box
39SW. Call offlce. * ¦¦— »
WANTED — Work on ranch or farm. Box 1.
Call office. • - - -
A BOY wants a position aa of-ce-boy. Box 3.
Call office. _____________
YOUNG mis wishes a posttion In. an offlce.
Box 4. Call offlce. ¦ '
j POSITION as Al shlrtcutter. Box 29. Call
offlce. ¦ ' _^^
YOUNG man wants position as waiter tn
country. Box 45. Ca!l offlce.
BOY wants work In wholesala house;* refer-
ences. Box 48. Call offlce.
BOY wants a position as errand-boy. Box 21.
Call office.
NEAT young man wants posttion as elevator
boy.v Box 3942. Call. ;|
WANTED — Position as clerk ta grocery sSsre.
Address Box 3941. Can. "
SITUATION wanted as porter. Box 3363.
Call offlc«. •
STRONG boy wants situation In bakery;- Boot
30S5. Call office. •
POSITION; as offlce boy. Bex 3993. Call.
BOY wishes posttion as wrapper. B20 Baker
street. '
BARBER, first-class, wants steady position.
Address J. A. WEBB. 1023 Bush st.
WANTED— A position In a wholesale* notion
house. Box 3S17. Call. ¦ . '
A GOOD boy wants a position as errand boy.
i Box 3097. Call. •
j WANTED — Position as driver of . laua_ry
wagon. Box 3S2O. Call. . -
' AN experienced wrapper wants a position. Box
SS21. Call.
BARBER wants position: short hours... Ad-
dres3 Box 5*22. Call Offlce. • '
FIP.ST-CLASS barkeeper wants position . ta
summer rescrt. Box 3312. Call.
BARTENDER wants position; city or coantry.
Box 3S11. Call. - .
BOY wants position as an office bey. Box
S945. Call. , _2_
WANTED — Position; offlca boy. Box 3!M4,
Call. -
POSITION as first -class cook. Box 52. CaU.
POSITION as bookkeeper. Bex 53. Call.
BOY. would like to learn the pramblns trade.
Box 5«. Call. ____________________
BOY IS years old would like ¦ to learn - th«
« plumbing trade. Address Box 57. Call.
BOY wants work. In. stow. Box SO, IOCS _Ur-
ket »t. ' ¦
WANTED— Situation for a first-clats- harness-
maker. Address Dox 111; IOCS Market st.
WASTED — Situation for a good gardener.- Ad-
dress Box 11O. IOCS Market tt. ,
MAN wants place in bakery. Box 84. 1008
Market tt. . -
YOUNG man wishes position In store. 123
Taylor st. .
YOUNG man wixhe- position In - wholesale
house. Box 62. Call Office. ¦' .
MAN wonM I Oce Job as porter. Bex 60.-' CalL
WANTED — Position in foundry. Box 75. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wasis place in whole-
sale house: good at fl<rures; handy at any-
thtac- -Box 14. CalL --.-.-¦.
For Additional Classttted AdvertUe-
ments See Page Forty-S__i
j CL-Airnro a~z> syeotg.
1C0O SUITS warrfed to cU-n and press like
new. R. CANTUA. 6C9 Hayes st,
CXOTHI— Q -USBrOVATHTO.
6U1TS cleaned an- pressed, $1^ acourlnr and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis «t.. room 14;
phone Drurr.ra 44. Call ror and deliver f re«.
EDIXATIOXA*.
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighud and mott delightful place of business
ttudy In the entire West. New. complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
925 Golden Gate ave.
j A BIGGER *chocl than ever. On June 1 wt
move to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
St.. near Third. More rpace. finer rooms,
better light. Finest in the West. Come and
see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE, now at
! 123C Market st.
' PROFESSOR V^ QUEVE DO— Musla lessons
Kiven in mandolin, guitar, piano, vocal and
harmony; Spanish songs and accompanl-
J m<nt arranged for cornet, band, violin or or-
j chestra. Residence 471 4th St.. room 8.
[ PAINTING lesions, oil and wat'r color, by
Gordon Coutts. studio 305 Larkin et.; ex-
hibitor Rojal Academy, Paris Salon and
geld medalist; pictures now on view at Ken-
nedy & Co.'; 10 Post st.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
j languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and niRht sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
! AYRES. the Uading business college. 723 Mar-
ket ft. ; established 18 year*; the school that
" cecures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
I PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc., $4
mo. Western Business College, 1107 Market.
' HEALD'S School of MlnesAElectriclty, 24 Post
ct.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. . Special catalogue free.
I ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln., mech., sur-
vey. as«ay. cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1S84. Van
I der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
! ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
• advice of official court reporters and be com-
I petent stenographer*. 13S2 Market; catalog.
j DANCING — Professor Flndtay has reopened his
j Juvenile classes at Flndlay's Hall. 17th St.;
Saturday 2 to B; private lesson* dally.
1 SPANISH— Quick and thorough instructions in
I the class or private. PROFESSOR MAYA,
427 Sutter st.
! GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
KENT Law School; day and night; send for
; particulars. 505 Parrott building.
PRIVATE Ies3ons in telegraphy at 2*8 Scott
St.. near Haight.
• PIANO IfKHns. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
E.MPLOYMEXT OFFICE*.
S GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; teL Bush 133 —
Japanese - Chinese employment office: fur-
) r.i&hes be?t help; contracts for farm help; etc
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
! Chinese help. 426 Powell st. Tfcl. Main A752.
GRAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
offlce. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 163.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Loon Seungs. 411H OTarreII:tel. East 42tf.
i RELIABLE Japanese-Chin«*« Employment o!»-
flee; all kinds holp. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
j CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1037. BRADLEY -¦ CO.. &40 Clay.
j E3IPLOYMEXT WASTED FEMALE.
I A— A NUMBER of reliable cooks, second girls,
wiltrejses laundresses, nurses, maids, seafii-
I stresses, hotel help and housework girls are
now registered for work. We can fill any or-
der we may receive entirely satisfactorily at
; the present time, as a number of desirable
help are coming from the East. Address,
call or telephone to MISS PLUNKETTS
EMPLOYMENT REGISTRY, 425 Sutter st.
rear Powell; tel. Main 5472. N. B. — Offlce
hours 8:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
REFINED North German nursery governess
(middle-aged) would like to take care of two
children, from 3 to U years eld; plain sew-
ing: terms reasonable; references: city or
country short distance. Box 348. Call.
RELIABLE woman would t_ke charge of
house during absence of owners; or would
do cooking end housework in small family
cf adults: best of references. Address or
call 515 Ninth st., Oakland.
j DO your affairs East require attention?
During summer will be East to transact bu«i-
' r.f ,-s in cities from St. Louis to Boston for
people here: returning in July-references.
Bex SJO!>, Call.
DRESSMAKING and ladies' tailoring done by
the day; cutting and fitting; only first-class
work done; suit* made at home. MISS
BARSS. Sherman House, 28 Eighth *„
EDUCATED yonng lady wishes position as
r.ursery governess; willing to assist with
upstairs work; country preferred. Address
A. B. C, 22»2 Mission St.
A WOMAN with a little boy wants house-
' keeping position, city or country; home more
and object than wages. Address five days,
MRS. E. BELL, S34 Page st.
THOROUGHLY experienced family seamstress,
best reference*, wishes engagements for $1
txt «iay and carfare. Give phone number; ad-
dress- E. S. E.. 615 Larkin st.
i SITUATION wanted by a neat, middle-aged
German woman to do washing or house-
i cleaning Tuesday and Wednesday. Box 171,
; Call office.
I WANTED — Unlncumbered lady wishes posi-
: tlcn as companion to lady td travel to
[World's Fair; references given. 529 Eleventh
st., Oakland.
i A YOUNG woman with no lncumbranc* would
like a position as working housekeeper In
mining ; town. Address Housekeeper, Call
branch. SCO Hayes st.
GERMAN girl, good cook, willing to do some
housework or plain washing, wishes situa-
tion; wages $25 to $30; city references. Ad-
dress box 2C0. Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE young woman wants steady
place as laundress by the day. Call 2525
Lombard tt.. near Broderick; no cards an-
swered.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, good cutter and
designer, would like a few more engage-
ments by the day; terms reasonable. Box 373,
Call office.
Al FINI.-HEH on ladles' cloaks, suits and
ekirts withes steady position: wages $6 a
week. Address Box 55. Call office.
j YOUNG Swedish woman wishes work by ths
: day washing anl housecleaning. 52 Con-
{ verse st.. bet. 8t*i and 9th, off Bryant.
¦ YOUNG lady of refinement wants position aa
nurse, or care for invalid. Address box 74,
Call efflce.
j WOMAN wants situation to do light house-
work: city or country; wages $10; references.
Box S5. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants housework. $20
to $25. Address 309 Sutter it; phone Black
42*0.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted by reltned
; young woman with a cbtm T years old: best
of references given. Box 234. Call offlce.
A RELIABLE woman would go to the country
or the springs with a family or a sick per-
son. Box 119. Call office.
HAIRDRESSER desires few more private cus-
tomers; ehampoolng. dyeing bleaching, etc.,!
reasonable; references given. Box 274. Call.
YOUNG lady would like position In country
! printing offlce: good all-around printer. Ad-
! dress box XX. Call office. ,
GERMAN woman, good cook wishes position
in email family to do light housework; coun-
try only. 234 Minna st. •"
GERMAN woman with a child, good cook,
wants work; country- 32* Mason St.; phone
Black 2336. I
A YOUNG girt, age 17, graduate of California
Business Colleee. wlahes position as stenog-
rapher. Box 321, Call.
POSITION wanted by an experienced nutr«
or housekeeper: good references. Addrexs
1 Helen st.. off California, near Leavenworth.
ELDERLY woman, tood reference, wishes
position to do light housework In small fam-
ily. Address box 304, Call offlce. •
REPRESENTATIVE position with responsible
house by experienced business woman. Box
50. IOCS Market st.
ELDERLY German lady wants position as
housekeeper for one or two gents. Address
MRS. P. R., box lt&O. Call offlce. Oakland.
BY lady of refinement as working housekeep-
er; city or country. Address dox 2163, Call
branch. 2200 FUlroore st.' -
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants work as house-
keeper in or out of city. 318 Taylor st.,
downstairs. ¦ -
A COMPETENT woman wishes position to
take care of an Invalid: no objection to man
or woman. Box 208, Call offlce. \
YOUNG woman wished a situation In room-
Inr-house to do chamberwork; In city or
country. Box 2C9, Call offlce. . ¦¦¦
SCHOOLTEACHER, 7 vears' experience,
wishes a position In a store or office; Is a
Sood pen-ian. Box 18, IOCS Marktt it. •
KMP!.OV*IEVr UMVTED (¦T.MALB.
A RELIABLE girl desires engagements to
stay with children when parents wish to go
out. Call or address 346 Fifth ave., near
Point Lobos. )
A RESPECTABLE woman with a boy wants
cooking for men or housekeeper's place in
country. Address 151, Call office.
YOUNG woman wants situation to mind chil-
dren or assist In housework or In delicacy
itore; call afternoons. til3 Larkin st.
POSITIONS by man and wife as Janitor In '
small offlce building. Address R. J. S.. 4 '
Chesla place. ' i
RELIABLE woman with a girl (4 years) to
support, wishes work with her child; $10 to
$12; city or country. Box 363. Call office,
YOUNG lady would like position as companion
to lady going East. Address Companion, 313
Golden Gats ars.
MAX and wife want place In country or re-
sort to wait or take charge of dining-room;
capable of managing resort. Box 3U7, Call.
A COMPETENT nurse, best of reference,
wishes to travel with Invalid going to
Manila or China. Bo_ 365, Call offlce.
" » :
A CAPABLE woman wants washing or house- '
cleaning by the day. Call or address MRS.
L. LEECH. 148. Sixth st.
1 A WOMAN wants work by the day, washing
J or housecleaning; willing to work. F. WAITS,
f 43 Minna st. ,
|. ,
1 AMERICAN lady desires housekeeper's posl-
Ron; city or country. Address II., box 36-1,
Call orflce. 1 j
A WOMAN wants work by the day, washing j
and ironing; $1 25 a day and car fare. Box i
906. Call. I
A RELIABLE middle-aged woman; light
housework, cooking: city or country; wages I
$15 month. 2911 Sixteenth st.
AN experienced nurse wishes work; can give
references if required. 1162 Washington St.,
room 20. Oakland; phone BIack'3378.
TOUNG woman with references wants house-
cleaning by the day; $1 50 and carfare. 703
McAllister st.
A YOUNG girt would like position to work In
candy store. Address box B, Call branch. 300
Hayes st.
TRAINED nurse, middle-aged, wishes perma- !
nent engagement: lady or children: /Wrmj
reasonable-; best references. Address A.A.M., ;
til5 Larkin st. . |
EXPERIENCED dressmaker by the day; fitter, I
d<«sUn*r and remodeling. 550 Stevensonr at., j
near Seventh. '
ITALIAN lady wishes position In private fam- ;
Ily tn instruct children In Italian language. '
Address box 2762, Call branch, 2200 Flllmore. ]
A GOOD cook wants work In hotel or boarding- |
house; country. Address 102O Oak st.
POSITION wanted as chambermaid; sleep at j
home. Phone Capp 3901. 1
SITUATION wanted as stenographer or book-
keeper. Address J. H. C, P. O. box 303,
Berkeley. '
SITUATION wanted by governess. Address i
J. C, P. O. box 303. Berkeley. ;
SITUATION wanted as bookkeeper. Address
MISS H.. P. O. box 303. Berkeley.
WANTED — A position as nurse girl. Box 900,
Call.
WANTED — Position by respectable young
lady; references. Address Bex 349, Call. i
WOMAN wants work for Monday. Call or '
or address MRS. H.. &49 Minna st.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes a situation
In a private family. 2207^ Pine st.
LADT to go out washing by the day. Call at
273 Natoma st.
, LADY would like a few hours' work In morn-
} Ing. Box 398, Call offlce.
! WANTED — A situation as waitress (country
hotel). Box 330. Call offlce.
BY first-class pianist, position to play at
houses, entertainment?, dances. Box 395,Call. ;
WANTED — Dressmaking and sewing by ths
day. Address box 910. Call offlce.
WANTED — Light work on ranch for woman;
reference. Box 59, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as stenographer or book-
keeper; city or country- Address box 24. Call, j
A NEAT woman, general housework. In small
family; reasonable. 1C73U Market st.
SALESLADY wants position in waist depart-
ment. Box 43. Call offlce.
AN elderly lady would ltke""to mind children.
Box 32, Call office.
A YOUNG lady would like position as sales-
lady. Address box 31. Call offlce.
YOUNG lady would like position as clerk. Ad-
dregg box 8P43. Call office.
WOMAN wishes position to do light hou3e-
work. Address box 3924, Call offlce. J
YOUNG lady would like plain sewing, steady.
Box 3819. Call offlce. .
LADY wants position as washerwoman. Box
3919. Call office.
TRAINED nurse wants a position. 24 Free-
Ion st.
WANTED — A position as first-class wrapper.
Apply at 437 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work two days
a week. Box 50. Call office.
A YOUNG lady wants position as cashier. Ad-
dreaa Box 44. Call office.
A LADY wishes position as housekeeper. Box
47. Call offlce.
POSITION as housekeeper. Box 54, Call office.
WANTED— Position as hoiiseiceeper. 179* El-
. Us st.
WANTED — Plain sewing to do. 1725 Fulton
street.
YOUNG girl wants posttion as wrapper In
dry goods store. A. M., 1251B Broadway.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day
washing. Ironing, cleaning. 41 11th st.
WANTED — A position as stenographer: have
had S years* experience. Box 83. Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 336 Tehama
street. v j
A YOUNG colored girl wishes housework to do; 1
sleep home. Box II, Call.
V YOUNG colored girl wants II -ht housework.
Call on Monday at 112S Paciflc st.
GIRL would like position In store. Box 9,
Call offlce. " I
A COLORED woman would like to do few |
hours' work In morning. Box IS, Call.
POSITION by young woman to do housework.
Box* Si;, Call.
I _ — , __
j WOMAN wants work by the day; houee-
j cleaning, etc. 1C8 Alta st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing,
ironing and cleaning. 316 Jessie at.
WANTED — A situation as traveling companion.
Address box 235. Call office. .^
WANTED — A young woman wants Job as
1 housekeeper. Address box 114. Call offlee.
i MUSIC teacher: term* reasonable. Box 103.
j Call offlce. :.-¦>'-
! POSITION as governess; best references. Box
229. Call offlce.
WANTED — Place as solicitor for newspaper.
Box 218. Call office. y
A LADY would like housecleaning. 4U Third j
street. ' j
REFINED woman wants more work as wait- j
ress. Box 121, Call offlce. I
APPRENTICE wants work In hairdresslnar and
manicuring parlors. Box 218, Call offlce.
AN Eastern lady wishes position as matron or
teacher In an Institution. Box 2*7, Call.
YOUNG lady wants a position as nurse. Box
215, Call.
LADY wants work by the day: general house-
work. Address box 264. Call.
LADY wants position to do gneral housework.
Address box 265, Call otflce. , •
A WOMAN wants washing at 75c a day and
carfare. Box 122, Call. • ¦¦-.. ¦-¦
YOUNG lady of good appearance wishes op-
portunity to learn the wig making business.
Box 277, Call offlce. ¦
EXPERIENCED German lady cook wants
work In city or country. Box 20*. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a young girl as nurse-
girl for children. Box 301, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by a neat middle-aged
widow as housekeeper. Box 203. Call offlce.
YOUNG woman wishes work *>y day, waahlnx,
house-cleaning or cooking. Phone Scott 132*.
SITUATION as chambermaid. Box S12, Call
' offlce.. ' , ¦:-.•''-.-.
WANTED — A • com Detent woman wants work
j by the day. $1 50;. call or phone, f 14S Sixth.
POSITION as waitress small restaurant In
Oakland. ' Box 1177, Call office, Oakland.
' E3irLOVMEST WAXTED- — FEMALE.
SITUATION as waitress. Box 311. Call offlce.
SITUATION as nurse. Box 3}/L CalL .
SITUATION as chambermaid. Box 309. Call.
LADY stenographer wishes position; best ref-
erences. Box 291, Call.
A YOUNG lady wishes _ position as assistant
bookkeeper or In offlce. Box 303. CalL
POSITION wanted In family as . seamstress.
Box 310. Call office. _^
A YOUNG girl wants position as cashier. Ad-
dress box 2»4. Call offlce. <
• A WOMAN wants work. 73 \j Natoma st.
j WANTED — Position as collector by lady. Box
! 2SO. Call offlce. . \
I A COMPETENT woman wishes care of Infant
I and light housework. Box 306, -Call offlce.
WANTED— Position as stenographer and type-
writer. Address R. 8., box 152, Call offlce.
LADT would like a position as housekeeper.
Box 153. Call offlce.
AN experienced furrier wants situation. Box
1S2. Call offlce.
A TOUNG girl would take a place In a bakery.
Address 2759 Twenty-fourth st.
j WOMAN wants washing by day. Box 37. Call
j offlce. t -
j GIRL wants position as chambermaid. Ap-
• ply 309 Sutter. st.
j A GERMAN woman would like work frcm 9
j to 2 In boarding-house. Call at 9 Tehama st.
i A YOUNG lady of neat appearance wants po-
sition in candy store. Box 41. Call offlce.
A YOUNG colored woman wants a position
taking care of children. Box 40. Call offlce.
A YOUNG woman wants a situation at general
hcusework; wages $25. Box 42. Call offlce.
GIRL wants situation as cook. 520 Bush st.
i YOUNG girl desires situation In private family.
Box 137, Call offlce. *
MOTHER and son wl«h place as cook and
helper; country. Address box C8, Call offlce.
A STRONG woman wishes work by the day. i
washing; $1 50. carfare. ,157 Ninth st.
. WANTED — Position as head sleevemaker. Ad-
dress R. W., 840 Larkin st.
1 ' ;
' CASH girl wishes a situation. 74G Naples st.
I EXPERT stenographer (Spanish. English)
wants better position. Box 353. Call office.
j WOMANwSftts work by the day; $1 and car-
fare. Box 350, Call offlce.
WOMAN wants mending to do by the day.
{ 2024A Bryant st. >
| MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
i first-class cook;clty or country. 241 Minna st.
! FIRST-CLASS hat trimmer wants position.
j Address box 372, Call offlce.
I A LADY wishes to go out washing by tht
day. Apply 256 Bryant st.
STENOGRAPHER wants situation; best ref-
erences. Box 3SS, Call.
DRESSMAKER wants employment. LIZZIE*
KEATS. 17 Third st.
t PLAIN sewinr to take home; prices reason-
j able. 163 Colton st.
WASHING. Ironing and house-cleaning. 1507
Mission st.
POSITION as housekeeper; city or country.
Box 34T. Call.
POSITION as compositor; wages $12 per week.
Box 348. Call.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper or offlce
work; references. Box 344. Call.
POSITION as housekeeper. 126 O'Farrell st.
: WISH a position as housekeeper er take charge I
of ranch. Box 106, 1008 Market st.
——————————— — — —————_- __________________ ;
TWO Finnish girls want general housework
and second work; wages from $15 to $20; !
city. 329 H Third st. . I
j A CAPABLE, all-round lady of good eduea- }
tion wishes position in an offlce orb— sines* '
house. J. A. RAYMOND. 564 Valencia st. j
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes I
housekeeper's position: small family; city or'
country. Address A. N.. 02 Fourteenth at. i
SIT UATION wanted by first-class fitter for i
cloak and suit house or fine dressmaker.
Box >2. 1CCS Market st.
WANTED — A situation as housekeeper. Box
150. Call offlce. ? -
AN accomplished young lady elocutionist ac-
customed to travel desires situation as com-
panion to refined lady. Bo~ 3920. Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions token for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. CSX McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan A Church stsi
EMPLOYMENT WAXTBD—MALB.
A GENTLEMAN with 30 years' experience as
bookkeeper and offlce manager, lately ar-
rived from the East, but who is now occu-
pying a rood position as bookkeeper in this
State. Is open for a good and permanent po-
sition; age 47: highest references. Address by
letter, GEO H. HICKIE, CoilinsviUe. C_l.
STEADY, reliable man desires employment of
any kind; would like a position as delivery
waecn driver; understands horses; can fur-
-nish cash security if required. Address
G. L. E.. 174 Fourth st.. room 30. city.
OLD man. not long from the East, would like
to get a home; would attend to lawn and
garden, take care of chickens and horses, j
etc.. etc.; best of leferences; pay no object. '
Box Oil. Call offlce.
A BRIGHT youn- man. good all round clerk,
some exrjerlence In underwear business, 4
years, last dace, wants any position where
advancement could be .had; best city refer-
tnces. Box 391. Call offlce.
A MAN of invincible Integrity would like po-
sition as bodyguard or traveling companion
to some good and true mortal who Is In need j
of such an aid. Address K. L. G. 601 Oc-
¦ tavia st. j
• AMBITIOUS young man wants position In a
mercantile business, either as salesman or \
collector, speaking French. German; best of f
references. Box 399. Call offlce. !
COMPETENT young man would like to run, i
clean or repair automobiles at any time, i
i Addr«fs F. 1. MAS-UN, 1S26 San J.ose ave., !
I Alameda.
I BRIGHT boy of 1G years (residing with par-
ents) wishes to work in wholesale house or !
learn a good trade: can furnish best of refer-
ence. Box 3SJ. Call, of flee. '¦
ASSISTANT chemlat. assayer and bookkeeper. |
experienced man, with college education;
has. excellent I references; will go anywhere. >
2233 Blake it.. Berkeley. Cal.
YOUNG man. 22. speaks and writes English, :
Spanish. French, wants position in a store,
clerk, office work or anything else; can fur- \
nish references. Box 370, Call. . :
A STRONG and reliable young man. 23, wishes
a position to do general work about whole- ,
sale or retail store; country preferred; can
also drive team; references. Box 3S3, Call.
A MAN would like to have work on private
place to take care of horses, garden, etc.: a
Kood driver; wages $30 10 $35. Address box
1174, Call offlce. Oakland.
YOUNG man wants :*osltton as porter, yard
man or work In private place or any kind i
'. of light work; can show references. Box 1
I 91*. Call ofRce. . |
j MIDDLE-AGED man. honest, steady, temper- '
{ ate. wants work, city or country: first-class
; man with horses: best references. - Box 77, \
Call office^
BOOKKEEPER; experienced, wants situation;
will take other clerical work or salesman;
city or country; first-class references. Box
249. Call offlce.
A TEMPERANCE young coachman, gardener. !
milk cows, wants work In private family: '
good references If required. J. JONAS,
Berkeley, Cal.
POSITION to take care of country place by so-
ber, steady married man: references gtven;
call flfter fl p. m. Address *'SCOT." 733
Folsom . st. .•
WANTED — Position In City or country by ex-
perienced tinner and plumber: coed at the
'bench or outside:* strictly temperate: It}
years' experience. Box 356, Call offlc*.
HONEST, steady, temperate man. middle age.
experienced driver, good horseman, wants
employment; stage Jlne or re-art; references.
Address box 10". 1WS Martast st. - * . ,
MECHANICAL draurhtsiman. f good designer
and detailer, J IS years" experience mining
stationary, marine work,' wants position or
work at home. Box S24, Call offlce.
ACTIVE, capable man, middle aged, strictly
temperate, would like situation to care for
.^gentleman's country place; could handle
small dairy. Box 902. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS engineer and machinist
. wants a steady position. Address C B-, box
63, Call office
EMPLOVMKXT WASTED HALS.
COMPETENT and experienced orchardUt
wishes to take' charge of large property; best
or reference* given. Address F. FliANK,
P. O. box 271. Lodl. Cal.
A GOOD varolsher and polisher wants work
on pianos, antique and - mahogany furniture
at very reasonable prices; estimates given;
references given. Box 215. Call otflce.
Al ALL-AROCND bookbinder, finisher and
glider, speaks very Uttle English, wishes
steady position; wages $12 a week. Box fr».
Call offlce.
YOUNG man. 11 years' experience In groceries
with one firm, speaks German and English.
with gilt-edge reference. Addr-3a W. J. B..
112SA Howard st.. city.
ALL-AROCND Uundryman. at present em-
ployed, desires position to take charge of
institution-laundry. Address A. M. C, o04B
Seventh st. -
SITUATION wanted by an experienced gar-
dener In wealthy family; wages $30. Ad-
dress 2167. Call Branch. 2200 Flllmore st.
GROCERY clerk desires place In country
store- 3 years expertenc*. : Address Grocery
Clerk. C55C Minna st.. S. F.
SALESMAN wants connection with a reliable
house: no house-to-house canvassing. RLBI^,
SSI Fifth st. ;
A BOOKKEEPER graduate, wishes employ-
ment as assistant bookkeeper or efflce clerk.
Box <9. Call.
Al ALL-AROUND bookbinder, finisher, and
gilder wishes steady position; wages $12 per
week. Box 88. Call.
PANTRY man, thoroughly experienced, wishes
situation; country; references. P. B., 31.
Stockton st.
SALESMAN, age 28. good references as to
ability and character, desires opportunity.
Box 240. Call office. '_r y
YOUNG man wishea a position In an offlce:
writes a good band and nas had a high
school education. Box 233. Call office.
COMPETENT man wants position as marine
or stationary fireman. J. SMITH. 16 Ship-
ley, st.
YOUNG man wants place to work a few
hours each day for room and board. Address
J. G. BROW. Waldo House. Mission st.
EXPERIENCED office man seeks position as
bookkeeper; Is also competent stenographer.
I Address box 251, Call offlce.
j TOUNG man wishes position as clerk In offlce;
understands use of typewriter; Al references.
Box 126. Call. _^ _,
THOROUOH accountant, experienced secretary. ;
offlce Mills building, has 4 hours daily for
additional business. Box 192. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS chef wishes position as chef or
manager: hotel or restaurant; city. Box 133, ,
Call offlce. '
TOUNG man (17) wishes a position in office of
a wholesal liquor house; references. Box 97,
Call offlce. _____
! WANTED — Position as assistant engineer by
middle-aged man; sober, industrious: 3 years ¦
experience; good references. Box 2S5. Call.
SITUATION wanted by experienced bookkeep-
er: good habits; first-class references; city or
country. Box 232. Call offlce. ¦
WANTED — A situation by a young man as
oiler or wiper In power-house; \¥> years' ex-
perlence. Box 323. Call. |
! MAN and wife wish positions in country; man
general ranch hand and wife good plain
cook. Box 210. Call.
YOUNG man wants a position t5"ma_e himself
generally useful. Address box 79, Call of-
nce. 10O3 Market st.
TOUNG man wants position in store or offlce ;
with chance of advancement; good penman.
Box 60. Call offlce.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, rood designer
and detaller. wants posttion or work at
home. Box 332. Call office.
MAN, 35, wants Job; no objections to smalt
wages; employment evenings. Box 30, 106
Eleventh st.
A STRONG youth (20) of German parentage
h wishes position In grocery or as porter; has
I experience. Box S45, Call offlce.
' MIDDLE-AGED gentleman with steady position
i wants to rent room with workingman's fam-
ily^
\ A YOUNG man of 21 would like to have a
good place in hotel as elevator man. Box
, 878. Call.
1 Al ALL-AROUND bookbinder, finisher and
* gilder sp«aks very Uttle English, wishes
¦ steady position; $12 a week. Box 339. Call.
I A YOUNG man wants a (situation on a ranch;
' Is willing to work for reasonable wages. Ad-
dress box 400. Call.
WANTED — Young man wishes work: experi-
enced exDre** clerk: school graduate. Box
912. Call offlc*^ •
YOUNG, experienced man wishes position as
guide for tourist In mountains. 637 Mc-
AlUster st. '- '-
A YOUNG man wants .work as roush carpen-
ter or helper; no objection to country. Box
915. Call.
FIRST-CLASS cake baker wishes steady em-
ployment. Address 2763 Call branch. 2200
Fillmore st. " •
K YOUNG man. 20. who has served 2 years at
• machinist trade desiies chance to finish the
trade. Address C. V. B., 3O4B Seventh st.
ALL-ROUNP boo&btrder. finisher and gi!der.
speaks v^ry little English wishes steady po-
sition; $12 a week. Box S3. IOCS Market st.
FIRST-CLASS Eastern bartender, city or coun-
try- best references. Call cr address 72* El-
lis st.; phone Sutter 1S21. /
HOTEL clerk wants posltksn: day or night:
references. Address Clerk. 116S Mission st.
EXPERIENCED mechanical draughtsman
I wants situation. S. ANIYA. 60 Natoma st.
BLACKSMITH'S helper wants position. 677 j
San Jose ave. |
WANTED— Situation as ranch foreman; ex-
perlenced. $50. 573 Hayes st.
A STRONG boy would like a Job to drive a
waron. 1541 Mission st.
: COLOR chemist vwoald like a position as color
maker. ICO Eleventh at.
BOY wants work In wholesale house. 1319
I Mission at.
I WINDOW cleaner wants work. 1547 Mission
» treet - ¦ •_ i
¦ PAINTER wants work by the day. 28 West
Mission. .
SITUATION as blacksmith's helper. Apply at
142 Minna st.
! WANTED — Situation as rardener; 10 years'
! experience. Box 383. Call offlce.
I TOUNG man would like work. B. F. FLAN-
: DERS. 11 Natoma st.
I YOUNG man wishes position a» head book-
! keeper In large establishment. Box 333. Call.
* ________—————————————————-———————————.
- JAPANESE, honest boy. wants position as a
: school boy. 420 O'Farrell st.
j TOUNG nun wlshe- a position as porter In a
' store. Address 524 Broadway.
YOUNG man, 13 years old. wants any kind
of s Doeitnn. 1519 Mission st.
YOUNG man wants w<Nk. 1521 Mission st.
YOUNG man wants position as ' clerk in dry
goods store. Address W. G.. Colma P. O.
: CARPENTER wants work. Apply 1218 Point
Lobes ave.
I WANTED— Position as steam fitter. 13C3 Lar-
I kin st.
i A GOOD all around cook wants work In hoard -
ing bouse or mining camp. Call 102O Oak st.
! WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Inquire
JOHN JOYCE. 444 Tehama et.
, WANTED — By an experienced checker, posi-
i tlon as frelzht clerk. Address box 323. Call.
i MACHINIST wants situation. Address J. J.
CHAUDET. 1214 Alabama st.
A POSITION by young man with 5 years' ex-
perience In general merchandise. 3S7, Call.
BOOKKEEPER wants ultuatlon: salary $S0;
best references. Box 379. Call office.
POSITION as clerk wantedl Box 377. Call
¦ offlee. ' • -
YOUNG man wants work by the day. Box 3S5.
Call office.
SITUATION as porter tn wholesala house. Box
S66. Call.
BOY. 1« years of age. wants position tn office.
Box 376. Call. - •
YOUNG man wants work by the day. Box
. 327. Call. • . '
Al TINSMITH wants steady position; wages
$1S a week. Address bnx 331. Call.
BARTENDER — Young man. 23, wishes position;
experienced, sober, reliable. Box 367. CalL
PAINTER and paperhanicer wants work In ho-
tel or Institution. 36 Mary st. -
SITUATION wanted aa errand boy after school
hours. 36 Mary at. . ?
CX. A1K VO V AST*.
ASSURED -access for you.
Call at once and «v« $«.
His famous $3 reading, this week for
-. * 1- w $1 ! l $l » l «
charge— No charge
l-alesa you obtam the information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE
The flrrt registered trance clairvoyant anl
palmist ever m Saa Franciscc.
Read carefully. An honest proDoeltion.
*\ou to be full Judge )
1 (Jo hereby ttlecinly agree and guarantee to
make bo eharge if I fall to tell your name oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tei; you If
husband, w'.fe ->r laver Is true or false- who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the oce you desire; "In fact." I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he im-
proves your character eo that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
viycr. health, happiness and capacity to earn
v. efc'.tb; the controlling p«wer isiplastetl In your
nature, bo you can ccn.rol acy one secretly;
cure* disease and lest vitaUty; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures: gives you success
in life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing fcr his services.
lfr a, n. to 8 p. m.— Closed Sunday.
; 320 O Farrell ct.— 528.
THE FUTURE REVEALED.
THE PAST DISCLOSED.
A — For a reliable and intelligent clairvoyant
readlnij go to LIVINGSTONE. 428 Eddy si
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you with to know.
He does, not mention all the ills aad mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in jy*ar case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE anatyze the matters that ar?
troubling vpu, find the cause of trouble and
EUKgest the remedy.
He is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading is not a lift reading When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
rive you a full life reading for |1. A test
is of Uttls value; when the mind is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
Permanently located 42S Eddy st. ; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hcurs, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant ar.d business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bidg. : the reads your rife corre<-jy. gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
t resent happenings and portrays events to
occur tn the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented, cr not satisfled with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
ail affairs of life; 2ic up; satisfaction guar-
anteed: rgadin-s by mail. Tel. Blaok 4503.
ELLSMERE. greatest clairvoyant and psychic
palmUt; if in trouble or doubt consult him:
better than Chelro cr San Germaine; original.
exact, reliable; each line ar.d mark of the
hand explained as never before; teaches and
<Ie%elops others by an unfailing method; his
clairvoyant work la unequaled; advises on
ralnir.g. law. love, marriage, health and all
affairs cf life. Parlors 2 and 3. 1007 4 Mar-
ket st.. near Sixth.
MME.PORTER. celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, bcro with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past. pre*»nt and future; I.
vOc. g. by cards $1: palmistry and clairvoyant
sit.. $1 of. 312 Ma5cn ct.. near Geary.
A — Miss _!. Wllle, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion, gush given; special. Jl : hours 10 to S.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and bus. medium, read daily 51; develop-
ing cl_ss ThursJay S p. m. 6_2 EdJy st.
MISS ZEMUAR. ycung.glfted clair. and palm.;
has secend ii£ht; a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 50c k $1. 714 Frar.klln. nr.G.G.ave
Mrs.A.ILKronenberg.palmiM. clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fail try nre.good readings
25c. 721 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 42ff7.
BOOKKEEPING, English, math., etc.. day cr
»ve. :ind!vidual instr. Rm. 2, 3C5 Larkin. Prcf.
T. A. Robinson, fonr.eriy of Pac. Bus. Col.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life: business advice;
names given: 23c up. *v>5 Howard.bet.4rh&5th-
MR? BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
maved from 132 to 2T>'^ tith; 1. 25c. g. 50c.
MME. WALTER?, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 5Oc. 931 M!f=5ion St.. nr. 6th: open Sun.
Mme. Ode!l returned: clairvoyant, card reader;
tea leaves: 25c up. Lower flat. 5-T2 Ellis st.
OLDEST lady pa!m!«t and card reader In city.
K4 Kearr.r, room 20: ladles 25c: gents *50c.
MilE. MASEAU. card reader: 1. 23c. g. 50c;
Wednesday only,- 1. ICc, g. 25c. 120 «th st.
SPIRITUAL healer; suec»~FfuIly treats all dis-
ease*; 2 treatments. &-'iS Goiden Gate ave.
MATERIALIZING seance at 157 Ninth st. 8
p. m. ; 50c; sittings daily. 47fi Jessie st.
MRS. A. J. OWENS faints spirit olcturea at
157 Ninth st-
MZSS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, date
and facts: readings daily. 917 Market «t.
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will
return fmm her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, it now at 317 Ellis st.
MME. HERNANDEZ, wonderful palml5t and
card reader. 421 Hyde st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
tln?« dal!r. AiSV, Jssste nt.. b-t. Sth and 6th
C An PET ' nEATHC AXP CLEAVIXG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally u?ed for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal; carpets and rugs are
also cleaned by compressed air at chop;
prices moderate. S. F. Compressed Air
Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.; phones Mala
!."- and Bush 470.
WHEN you become diwrusted with your work
B*nd for SPACLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work*. 3*3-357 Tehama St. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. «40 Fourteenth St.. clean- i
ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning V crks. ISO Har-
riscn it.; Al cleaning: 3c Tel. Mission 222
CONKLIN'S Superior Curpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 123. '
HOPKE BPOS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresjes made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 214
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co..4C2 Sutter st;
teL Main 334. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prtces
reasonable. 1703 Harrl«on gt. : tel.Mlgsftm 263
COTTAGES TO LET.
EUJCKT cottage uf 7> rjorr.s and bath, furnished
cr __Iurr.ish»d. 1C20 Ninth ave., Sunset Dis-
trict.
s_5: COTTAGE of C r. : modern: flower garden
front and r»tr. 1*5 Hancock, bet. Sanchez
and Noe. ISth and lf>th -u. :
MODERN cottage, 5 rocms and bath. 4015 j
Nineteenth »t.
OCEAN Beach Boulevard — Furn. car cottage, \
$12; larger house. $15. Inquire M'B Taylor. ;
WOLF. >— 4 rooms; rent $10. Key at 4 Wolf
ft.: Fclncm-street cars. — -.
COTTAGES FOK SALE.
ELEGANT cottage. 6 rooms and bath; sun on
all tides; high basement. Call 4011 Nine-
teenth St., comer of Noe. '
$;000 — FOR tale — A cottage, 6 rooms and bath.
1029 Capp St.: call from 0 a. m. to 2 p. m.
3-ROOM cottage, furnished. In beautiful Camp
Meeker. Inquire 715 Castro st.
COTTAGES WAXTED.
WANTED by man and wife, furnished cottage
or flat; summer months only; good location.
Address box 269. Call. j
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath In Richmond I
or Western Addition. N. II. BOOYEN, 322
Clement >t-
CURES BU.PXU.UE.
WHOT— Huntfr. 12O8 Market st.: $100; ruptur*
car« for $10: circular explains: send for one.
DEATISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted CO yr».; crown. $3 00; fillings, 50c;
rlatts, $3; fell set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LCDLUM HILL. 1443 Market,nr.Eleventh
— No charee for extracting when plates are
made; eld plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting EOc; gas given.
Parts Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 So up; crowns. $2 up;£lllngs.23c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist r.l4,let
floor. Ph'lan bid., feuti Market, cor. O* Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
IJKr>>«JAKKltS (Ml SEA31STUKSSK*
JIcDOWELL DRESSMAKING
AND MILLINERY SCHOOL.
Best system of dresecutting taught.
I>«=t course In milllnory.
Best pattern rocms; evening class.
1019 Market St., above Sixth.
ACCORDION, tunburct and knife-plaiting.
Stewart's button and buttonhole factory. 110
Taylor «_: tel. Folsom 2121. ,
LESSONS In drcasmaking Sats. or evgs. by ap-
pclntment-MISS CAMPBELL.C59 Clay sU.r.ll
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery school —
I'ait em a cat to measure; eve. class. 1019 iikt.46
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MAY .22, lOOi.
MALE— -Co~-
OPEN TO-DAY.
SUNDAY, 8 TO 12 A. M.
A— MURRAY & READY, 631-63G Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
- PHONE MAIN 5848.
WE SPEAK
SPANISH. SWISS. FRENCH,
GERMAN, GREEK, ITALIAN.
Your fare free. - Look— Free fare
TO STATE OF NEVADA '
• If you stay four months. THAT'S ALL. |
U, S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
-G5 two-horse teamsters. $60.
106 laborers, you'll suit. $60.
95 drillers, rockmen, hammersmen, $75.
Eight hours' work daily; hundreds going.
0 carpenters, city Jobs, $4 day.
Wheelwright, operate wheel machine, fare
$1. $3 day.
Boilermaker, fare COc, $3 and $3 50 day.
Wheelwright, 50c fare. $50 and found.
16 coopers, slack work, steady.
2 cornlcemen, exceptionally good Jobs, $3 00
day.
Carriage painter, sticker hand, country. $4
day.
Molder and sticker hand. ¦ .. ¦
Gang edgerman. fare $1. $55 to $70 found.
Screw turner. Santa Clara County. $75.
6 xhmgle packers, different places.
Cut-off sawyer: 4 shlnglers, $1 per M.
Edgerman. fare $1 «k>. $45 and found.
LOOK.
12 horseshoers, city and country, $4, $3 50,
$3, $2 50 day.
14 blacksmiths and helpers. $4, $3, $2 day.
STABLEMEN.
26 stablemen, city and country. $75, $00, $50
and found.
HAYMAKERS.
25 hcymakers, mowers, $1 25 day and found,
-ft vineyard and orchard hands, $25. $30 fd.
36 milkers and buttermakers. $30. to $50
and found.
16 choremen and boys, $15 to $30 and found.
MINES.
12 machine miners, $90.
- 186 woodchoppers. all over California.
MEN AND WIVES.
HOTELS AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
26 cooks, $30. $40, $50. $G0, $70 and found.
16 waiters. $25, $30 $40 and found.
18 dishwashers. $20, $25. $30, M5 found.
12 porters, bell and elevator boys, $30 to $15.
LAUNDRY.
26 laundrymen. different departments, $15 to
$22 a week.
MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS.
TELEPHONE AND LETTER ORDERS.
Door molder. 55c fare, $2 to $3 day.
35 HAYMAKERS.
$1 50. $1 50 and day day. $1 50.
Painter, carriage works, fare $1 50, $50 fd.
I/cgger. understands rigging, north, $60 fd.
Screw turner, small L mill, $55 found.
TOGETHER.
Screw turner,- south; ed^erman, south; hook
tender, south.
2 brick loaders, country 25c M.
Vegetable gardener, $30 found.
Edgerman, lumber company, boss here, $50
and found.
3 plumbers, $4 a day.
Coremaker, city. g6od Job, $3 day.
t; carriage painters. $12 to $15 week.
LOOK!
Foreman molder. Iron worker, $4 to $5 day.
Boy learn trade. Weavers on blankets.
FREE FARE TO ALL.
9 boilermakers. boss' here. $3 50 to $4 day,
time and a half overwork, including board
and lodging.
Roller grinder for flour mills.
6 laborers, lumber company, $35 and found.
LOOK!
Polisher, northern laundry, $15 week.
Ironer, charge of country Ironing, $75.
Roustabout, musician preferred, springs, $00.
6 rectlon hands, fare 50c. $1 60 day.
10 farm hands, southern town, $1 25 to $1 50
day.
Best Places at— MURRAY & READY'S,
Wages at— 634-636 Clay st.
P.utcher. all round man, fare $1, $35 found.
Second cook, $45 found.
Chef cook, $6(): second cook, $25 found,
steamer, together.
6 laborers. Swedes, Danes or Norwegians, for
big lumber company, $35 found.
6 drfllers, city Job, $«7 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTER, foreman, SOc fare, $4 day.
Bench hand, planing mill, fare $1,' $3 50 day.
Bandsawyer, city mill. $2 50 day.
16 miners, gold gravel mine, $75.
20 laborers, gold quartz mine, $67 50.
3 machine miners, $90. .
Painter and tlnter, city Job. .
Man and wife; man help In kitchen, buy for
b. b. ; wife wait on table; mine; $60 fd.
Ironer, country, fare $1 25. 92 5O <iay.
Woodturner. 65c fare. $3 to $3 50 day.
Teamster, city. 3 horses, strong, stout man,
$3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MANUFACTURING CO.
12 laborers, fare $1 50. $60.
Laborer, city manufacturing company, $2 25
day.
12 laborers, 25c fare, $2 day.
LOOK!
2 bricklayers, free fare. $4 day found.
LOOK!
4 carpenters, 50c fare, $3 60 day.
2 Mablemen. mine town, $35 found. %
Teamster, city, light wagon, $12 week.
2 helpers in city mill, you'll suit. $9 week.
Stableman, milk 1 cow, $35 found.
LOOK!
Cook, Institution, $50 found.
Helper on bread, city job, ?15 week.
2 waiters, fare $5. tray work. $30 found.
MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at No. 2 O'Farrell st.
for Monday.
WANTED— Printed book forwarder. F. MAL-
LOYE, 422 Sacramento st. .
BOY wanted for cigar store. 16 Third St.
APPRENTICE for composing room. Dettner-
Wllson Press, 118 Front st.
SALESMAN: steady position: bond and refer-
ences required. Box 334, Call offlce.
GOOD solicitors for bonds. Room 72. Chron-
lcle building,- 10 a. m.
BUSHELMAN wanted to work by the week.
Box 172. Call offlce.
FOREMAN for large glove factory: Eastern
concern. Address box 64, Call offlce. "
DETECTIVES everywhere: good salary: no ex-
perience. U.S. DetectlveAgcy., Milwaukee, Wl3
PLATEN press feeder. - DETTNER- WILSON
PRESS, INC., 118 Front st.
SALESMAN with rig; good opportunity for
right person. For particulars, box 29S, Call.
WANTED — Twenty-flve flrst-class bowlers at
the Enterprise Casino. 2184 Folsom st.
WANTED — Celtolst: No. 1 business man; sum-
mer resort; concert and dance. Box 206, Call.
WANTED— Two Al book salesmen: Las beens
need not apply. Box 302. Call offlce.
WANTED— A painter. 22 Third St.
WANTED— Errand boy. A. BERBERT &
BRO.. 1150 Market st.
CANDY-MAKKR: No. 1. uo-to-date: retail
line. Call bet. 12 & 1. Man., 49S Market St.
WANTED — Elderly man who has some ex-
perience In bar and kitchen work. 1400 Polk.
CAP.PENTER wanted. 115 O'Farrell st.
W\NTED — Non-union b:ilrr-n:akers. Call room
j 25, t*30 Powell et.. Monday. 2 to 4 p. m.
J WANTED — Wagon blacksmith and blacksmith
helper. r»37 Brannan st. i
CAKKBAKER (foreman), must be first class:
t good wfwes; references required. Box 9O3.Call
W\NTED — Young job compositor; non-union;
steady ir suit. Apply 354 Hayes st. •
WANTED — A boy to learn sailmaklng. . 46 Clay
street^ :
WANTED— Bookkeeper for small office: he
mu3t have references. 905 East, nr. Filbert.
WANTED— Solicitor for Berkeley; good pay
right man. Box 20. Call offlce, Berkeley.
BRIGHT boy. about 16 years. ROSENBLUM
& ABRAHAM. 110*!. Market st.
COMPETENT man to take full Nsharge of
show. Box 1182. Call, offlce, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED wmrr>er wanted. Apply at
S. N. WOOD CO.. 740 Market st.
BOY wanted Monday morning at S. DARM-
NER'S, 2CC: O'Farrell st. .
DRUMMERS wanted for merchant tailor. 1125
Market st., between Seventh and Eighth.
YOUNG man living at home to learn the pho-
¦ tcgraphlc business; references. Box 916. Call.
BOY to work In dental offlce. Call Monday
between 8 and 9 a. m., 19t>l Polk st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale In lively min-
ing town: only shop in town; cheap for cash
or on easy terms; receipts from $20 to $27
per week: guaranteed: trial given. Write
cr call on L. F. GRIBBLE. Stent. Cal
Tuolumne County.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON
477. and 47S,.7arrott building.
BARBF.R wanted for Saturday evening and
Sunday morning; steady. 804 Larkin st.
MESSENGER boy for offlce, about 14. AddIv
320 Callfcrnla st.. room 4.
THUEK-CHAIR 10c barber-shoo for sale. __9
Pourth :»•:'_¦ ••¦ - ¦ \ • - - t
YOUNG man for offlce and errand work, about
1« years^old; apply I in own handwriting.
Box (J9.; Call offlce. . . . >
JAPANESE schoolboy wanted at 2617 Sacra-
i- mento st.
EMPLOYMENT WMTEI^MALB.
YOUNG man wants position as driver. Ad-
drcss box 237. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as porter in dry
goods sU,re, Address box 259, Call.
YOUNG man wants position as porter. Ad-
tlrefs box 25S. Call.
WANTED— Position as bartender. Box 66,
Call offlce. j
YOUNG man wishes position as pants presser.
Box 278. Call olOce.
YOUNG man wishes position as paper-car-
rier. Box 199. Call office.
WANTED— A position as waiter. Box 128,
Call office.
WANTED— Position as steward. Box 129. Call
office.
WANTED — Position as barber. Box 130, Call
offlce. "
WANTED— A position as cook. Box 131. Call
offlce.
YOUNG man (17) desires pcsitlon in real estate
offtc>; reference. Box 191. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants position as Janitor. Box
272, Call office.^
SCHOOLBOY wants Saturday job. Box 270.
Call office,
YOUNG man wishes position of any kind. BIS
i Union street.
I POSITION as porter either saloon or hotel.
T. W. DAT, 500 Bush -t. -
J YOUNG man (17) wishes position as messenger;
references. Box C7; Call office.
j YOUNG man (17) wishes position In Insurance
« Co. ; references. Box 80, Call ' offlce.
! YOUNG man wishes position of any kind. 628
¦ Filbert st.
: GOCD German sausage maker would like posl-
j tion In city. Address Turk st.. Park Hotel.
EXPERIENCED plumber wants work In coun-
| try or city. Box 205. Call office.
• WANTED — A position as cashier; best of
I reference*. Address box 93, Call offlce.
YOUNG man, German. ' wishes position In
grocery. Address box 214, Call offlce.
POSITION to clean up in morning. Box 2'16,
Call office^
POSITION wanted to work In country as gar-
dener. Box 217, Call office.
' MAN want* position as porter. Apply WIL-
; LIAM BAILEY, 500 Dupont st.
' WANTED— By 5ober man with city references,
employment In the city, either as a watch-
man, night clerk or fireman, etc.; would ac-
[ r»p>t day Job. ROBERT H. MILROY JR..
; Watchman Mill. Cleone. Mendoclno Co.. Cal.
i YuUNG married man from Middle States,
with country market experience, wishes posi-
tion in market where he can learn more;
can furnish good home references as to good
< habits. Box 211. Call.
| ¦
I DRAUGHTSMAN, mechanical graduate, de-
sires rituation and evening work, making
nice drawings: reasonable rates; competent
detaller and chequer. Box 3S, Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS cook, with wife and child,
late of one of the best club* in the city,
would like a country place, with board for
wife and child; wages no object. Box 7, Call.
A MAN with some experience wants to ac-
company camping party as helper or nurse.
Box 8. Call.
A STUDENT (young man) will do choree: ob-
ject home more than wages; Al reference*.
Box J9. Call office.
A STRICTLY sober, hard working, steady
j young man would like to learn the horse-
shoers' trade; wares no object. Box 90, Call.
MARRIED man. sober, willing to work, wants
steady situation. Box 140, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants position in wholesale
house. Box 1C»>. Call offlce.
PAINTER will work reasonable; has all tools.
Address Painter. 1210 Mission Et.
EXPERIENCED candy helper wants position;
retail work. A. H., 569 Geary st.
| Painter, paper-hanger, signwriter, wants work;
! tools furn. 1272 Folsom St.: phone Mint 131.
j YOUNG man wishes situation as bookkeeper
or assistant manager on large ranch. Box
3S10. Ca'.l offlce.
YCUNG man wants position; will do any kind
; of work. Box 3816. Call.
| YOUNG man desires position In bank. Ad-
dress X. Y. Z., box 3»47, Call.
WANTED— Position as courier. Box 6001,
Call offlce.
, FIREMAN wants a position in a hotel or
factory. Box 51, Call.
I GOOD Japanese (young boy) wants a position
to do housework or store work, wash dlahe«.
. I YOSHIOKA, 465 Jessie st.; phone Mint 691.
' A JAPANESE as schoolboy. Address box
| 201. Call offlce.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do cooking,
housework or general help. KAWA. 1611
Railroad ave., Alameda.
CHINESE boy wants position in private fam-
: ily; flrst-claEs cook. 807 Washington st. |
I -.
EXCHANGE.
i I ,
' A VALUABLE invention for sale or exchange; I
[ very low price. J. MORSE. 632 Market St.,
room 5.
: FINANCIAL.
• MINING, oil-industrial stocks for sale— 10,000
: Pi«n Calletano M. _ 8. «c. 5000 Princess
Maude 4c. 50 Bocklovers' Library $S 25. 5000
Elk Horn Oil Sc, and hundreds of other slm- j
I liar bargalni:. Writ:- or wire COWPER-
TUWAITU. Investment Broker, Stockton.
I BONDS for sale; interest 5 per cent, payable
July and January; certified by trust com-
pany. I. J- TRUMAN. 905 Call bulMIng.
. CASUALTY bonds; cheas. Lewin'6 grocery,
- ' Fifth a^d Castro sts.. Oakland.
| KLAT- TO LET. .
'. AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department; over 1000
in number; a combined lift from all agencies;
' let us give you a list and help you to find a
- ! place; we never fall; service free.
c STERLING FURNITURE CO..
: 1039 MARKET 8T..
. J " OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
i !
- . . .
" ' A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; :
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
I trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259
Geary St.. on t£e square. . •
- l . '
c _____ . : —
I OAK. 2O27-37. facing Panhandle — Six elegant
" i new flats; sun. light; Jugt completed; 6-7
5 J rooms and bath; rent rea.sonable; on prem-
ises from 2 to 4 Sunday. Agent, G. II.
• I UMBSEN _ CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
J FRANKLIN. 1<M5, near Ellis— Sunny upper
fl_t of S rooms and bath, $60.
t VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.,
; S13 California st.
, | DOLORES. 521. near 18th — tt large and sunny
• rooms and bath; thoroughly up-to-date; rent
- ' reasonable. K. D. CRANSTON - SONS.
'. j 114 Montcnmery st.
- i CENTRAL ave.. 71. near Hxlght — Cheapest.
] j sunniest, up-to-date flat, 6 large rooms and
¦ ijtith; ir.uFt be seen to be appreciated; reason-
able to good tenant.
•j— . —
- • CARL. 2C9-2n. near Stanyan—. and 6 rooms;
c . rent reasonable.
.! —
.. I CLAY .T5I1 — Lower flat of 5 rooms and bath:
I rent' $27 5O. VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE
- 1 CO.. 513 California st.
' ! ELEGANT new modern flats; 6-7-7 rms. and
- { b_th; finely finished; gas and electricity; 2
- i toilets. 2351-5-7 Bush. nr. Pierce; see to-day.
- FOUR furnished or unfurnished sunny corner:
1, bath and trays; near 2 can. 1531 Church
*t.. corner Duncan.
7 MASONIC av«.. 1317. near Park— Elegant sun-
ny up-to-date upper flat; reasonable rent to
the right party.
0 NEW, modern flat. C rooms and bath; swellest
location of Mission warm belt. Inquire 227
_ San Jose ave.. between 24th and 25tb sts.
1 TO let — Fine, large, modern, upper flat of 7
I rooms and bath; plenty of sun; rent' $40.
ll'.i Lyon st. C. M. "WOOSTER COMPANY.
" FOURTEENTH. I32A— Nice furnished flat for
II housekeeping: 4 rooms, bath; sunny side of
strret: rent $27 60. Call after Sunday.
' BAKER, 731-733— Fine 2 flats. 6 rooms each,
bath: very sunny; open plumbing; electric
e lights. .
- RAUSCH. 71— Flat of 6 rooms and bath; hot
e and cold water; large cellar; stationary
wash tubs. . ,
• DOWNTOWN sunny flat, t) rooms, bath; suit-
I. able for room renting. 93S Post »t. ; ' open
_ Sunday. • .
SUNNY flat of 3 rooms, yard and cellar la
r rear of 911 Filbert st.; $9. Inquire baker
'• chop. 911 Filbert et.
n AT 418 Third ave.. corner Geary st,; new 5
rooms; sunny; $20. -
A NEW modern flat of 8 rooms and b-th; rea.
. ponatle to responsible party. 828 Harrison st.
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
ASHBURY, 727— Modern sunny B-room flat;
rent $25; Halzht-st. cars.
CAPP, 1000, near Twenty-flfth— New sunny; B
rooms ; modern ; yard ; rent reasonable.
COLE, 420. near Page — Elegant 7-r. upper flat;
5 every room sunny; overlooking G. G. Park.
DEVISADERO, T28. cor. Fulton— Modern cor-
ner flat; 7 rooms and bath.
EDDY. 94 S, near Franklin — Lower flat, 6 rooms
and bath.- •- ¦¦- • ,- - ¦ - ;
EUREKA, 306 — Sunny flat. 4 rooms and bath;
$15. - ¦ ¦
HAIGHT. 1700— Elegant new flat of 7 sunny
rooms; suitable for 2 email families.
HANDSOME new sunny 0 and 7 room flats; 1
block north of Market. 157 to 165 Noe st.
LAKE. 740-742 — New flats, 6 rooms each; rent
$25-$30; fine view.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery St.
LYON, 734. near McAllister— Elegint modern
fiat. 6 rooms and bath; rent $30.
MODERN sunny 6-room upper flat. 1281 Val-
lejo St., near Hyde; cars; marine view.
MODERN: furnished: 8 rooms; lower flat; $50;
gas. electricity. Phone Geary 1383.
MISSION, 1215 — Sunny flat of 7 rooms and
bath^
NEW. corner, upper flat. 0 rooms, bath; ma-
rine view; reduced. 2294- Filbert st.
NEW. modern lower flat, 7 rooms and bath.
2732 MisBlon st., near Twenty- third.
NEW modern 7-room flat; sun in every room.
S25. Bartlett street.
PI_RCE. 930 — Ele.. new, sun.; 9 rms.; billiard
hall: mag. view; with or without pri, stable.
PIERCE, 2935— Elegant 6-room lower flat; call
to-day; near 2 car lines. - .
PINE. 2721. near Devlsadero— Flat of 5 ele-
gant rooms, cellar and garden: rent $25.
SCOTT. 1119. near Eddy— 6 rooms and bath.
SIXTH, 234*A— Desirable upper flat, 6 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable to good party.
SMALL flat on Eighth are., near music stand; j
finish to suit. A. C. K., 5 New Montgomery.
STEINER. .628 — Desirable . lower flat, 6 rooms j
and bath; rent $42 50.
SUNNY 6 rooms and bath; rent $22 60. Walnut
ft., between Sacramento and California.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath. N.E. cor-
ner Broadway and Leavenworth st.
TO let — Sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1730
Ellis st-, near Steiner.
UPPER flat of 7 rooms and batlr*t'o let: sun- |
ny and modern. 138 Belvedere; rent $45 mo. j
WELSH. 11414— Desirable lower flat of 4
rooms; rent $6.
WALLER, 661. cor. Carmelita— Modern flat, 7
rooms and bath; rent reduced.
WANTED to rent — A 5-room flat within 15 j
minutes to the Call building. Box 139. Call.
9 ROOMS, bath, sink and washroom; rent
$27 50. 2948 Mission st. ________
FLATS TO LET — PHRMSHED.
BEAUTIFULLY " furnished flat of 7 rooms to
rent for 3 months at $75 per month: north- j
east corner: sun all day; private entrance; j
refs.' required. Ad. 207 Sansome. rooms 1-2.
LOMBARD, 1010— Partly furnished 3-room flat;
marine view: good for those requiring pure
air and sunshine; half block from Hyde cars.
Apply one week; no children.
I WILL rent my furnished flat. Western Addi-
tion; 7 rooms; sun every room; nice couple: t
no chlUren;' rent' satisfactory. JULIEN.
SMITH. 420 Montgomery Bt.
$30 — SUNNY, elegantly furnished for house-
keeping; piano; porcelain bath; 4 minutes'
walk from City Hall; no children. 332 Hayes.
SUNNY furnished floor: Drlvate residence;
adults: rcf. Box 124, Call offlce.
FURNITURE oT 4 room's $50; rent $14; bath.
1108 Pacific at.
6-ROOM sunny flat; healthy location. 4230A
20th st., near Castro; $20.
MODERN flat of 5 rooms; rent reasonable to
reliable parties. 1071 Fell st.
DIAMOND, 819— Sunny furnished flat of 3
rooms for housekpg; hot and cold water; $16.
PINE. 829— A nicely furnished 7-room flat to
let; gas range; rent moderate.
FURNISHED fiaU — i rooms; rent $16. 184
Tehama st.
GROVE, 713 — Flat of 7 rooms; coal and gas
stoves: piano; call 11 to 3 o'clock.
FLATS FOR SALE FUllMSHED.
OCTAVIA. 12(S> — Newly furnished corner flat;
all front* rooms; rooms full of boarders; party
, rolng Easy must sell.
I KUH.MTUKK FOB SAL-.
' THREE rooms; finely furnished; $85; cost
$250: Mission and 30th; cottage, $10. Box
34. Ca'I offlce. ¦ '
BUREAUS. $4 CO; matting, 10c: iron beds, $2;
H. W. beds, $1; woven wire mattresses from
$1 60 up. Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk.
FURNITUP.S for sale; $75 worth for $7 BO
down and $1 60 per week. BRILLIANT'S.
840 Past St.. near Powell.
FL'RNnURE. '5 rooms, for »a;e. 1211 La-
fur.a ¦ »t.
frUK.MTlJKK WANTED.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, caVpets, offlce fur-
niture, .etc.. until you get his estimate.
WANTED — To buy furniture for a 7-room
flat; must.be in good condition; state kind
| and price asked. Box 157, Call.
CHAS. LEVY &. CO. pay highe-t price for fur-
ntture.carpeis. etc. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 413.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furnl-
ture. carpets, etc.: tel. Larkin 3631. 634 E1H».
-L-I.-S WAKT-P.
WANTED — To rent by the month, an unfur-
nished hall or store, suitable for lodge-room
and socials; central location. Address Sec- !
retary, 1420 Market st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A CHAMBERMAID, no waiting, hotel, city,
' ¥20, experience.-
A first-class cook for a club, $50.
; A second girl for Mare Island, $25.
! A cook on plain diets in hospital, $30.
.A cook for small American family in Oak-
land, $40.
A lady's maid for accommodation, $32, one
month's work.
A laundress for country hotel. $30. .
A nurse for three children, $23.
20 good housework girls for city and coun- |
try. wages $20 to $35, fare paid. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Suiter St.. near Powell.
Offlce hours, 8:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
WANTED Monday — Cook, city, no washing,
German ?tyle, $40; cook, short distance iu
country, $40; two German or Scandinavian
girls for Fame family, cook $30 and second
girl $20. go to Los Gatos: two girls for house-
work, no washing, for Ross Valley, $110;
cool;, plain washing, Menlo Park, $40; Ger-
man coolc. San Rafael, $35; German girl,
housework, Santa Clara, $30, no washing;
six cooks, plain washing, city. $30. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A MAN and wife for a farm; wages $30: see
party in city; offlce hours, 8:30 a. m. to
0:30. p. m. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
st., near Powell.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng.
—anicuring, etc.; trade tauzht from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; o po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at* $10 Der week up; leading school In
West. 23S Geary St., room 13. ¦ .
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring t>ea-
von; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade., manlcurlr.g, massage, etc. 123tt Mar-
ket >t.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
. ¦
LADIES— Several vacancies open to complete
libt; easy sewing for us at home; $15 week-
ly: addressed envelope for lace sample. MA-
JESTIC LACE COMPANY. New York.
LADIES "to do piecework at home; we furnish
materials . and pay 57 to $12. weekly. Send
. stamped envelope to ¦ Royal Co., 34 E. Mon-
roe st.. Chicago. . • .
HOUSEKEEPER in Berkeley: teach little girl
music; wages S20 and found: American lady
preferred. < California Employment Agency,
14 Third St.- .
YOUNG lady as housekeeper In small private
-family;- member of Methodist society; mu-
slclan preferred. Box 271. Call. of flee. .
WANTED — Young woman to go in country for
4 months: light housework. -2151 Grove St.,
Oakland
1 HELP WAITED — MALE — Com. |
A— CONTRACTORS* EMP. AGENCY. j
635— Washington St.— 635, near Kearny. |
Phone James 3301. L. H. CUTTING & CO.
3 laborers. Government work. 8 hours. f;l
carriage blacksmith's helper, near city, $2 ~>;
2 carpenters city, $3 50; blacksmith, coun-
try ehop. J3; blacksmith for dredger, good
salary to right party; bookkeeper, lumber ,
company, city, $00 to start; glazier, $3 50;
,> planerman, _ cabinet-makers, woodturner, ,
j near city. $3 to $3 60; night cook, $S week;
cook, city restaurant. $12 to $16 week; 5 la-
borers, near city. $2 day; 20 2-horse team-
strs. free fare, ship to-day, $2 day; 30 team-
sters and laborers Nevada; shearman for .
foundry, near city. '
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
0." Third st. Telephone Main 5521.
Men for pipe line, south, $2 25.
Milker, north. $30 anil found.
Man and wife In dairy. $¦"«> and found.
I Man generally useful, wife to cook.
"Woodchopp<?rs, north. $1 50 cord. oak. • • •
Ranch handK. $30 and found, north. '
Cablnet-make'rs and bench hands. $3 50. !
Coopers, piece work, south; no strike. i
Cook, mining camp, few men. $35 and found, j
Nevada teamsters. J2 25: laborers, $2.
HORD - SMITH. !
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
002 Clav »t.. phone James 247 1>.
Open to-day (Sunday). S to 12.
4 sawmill laborers $40 mo. and board
6 te.-unst'rs, ditch work. .51 25 day and board
Wood turner, planing ir.111 $3 5O day
10 hay hand? $1 50 day and board
6 milkers $30 to ?35 mo. and found >
Nevada Government Work. Ship Dally. :
Chee-vmaker $40 mo.-and found;
i Call to-day 6C2 Clay st. j
ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 633 Clay st.
FOR sale — 6-chalr barber shop; good location.
137 Sixth st.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop; price $100; rent $7;
laundry clear 3 expenses. 32 Hunt St.. off 3d.
BARBER shop for sale; clears $25 per week;
sickness cause of sale. 3147 Twenty-fourth.
BA RBERS— 2-chalr shop, pood for $120 month,
at valuation. 1947 Broadway. Oakland.
STRONG boy to learn the carriage and wagon J
blacksmithlng trade. 828 Harrison st, j
$110 BUYS good 2-chalr old-established barber :
shop; 2 furnished rooms. 392 Dolores st. I
CANVASSERS on "Liquid Veneer"; renovates
woodwork, furniture; lightning seller tot
homes, offices, stores; grand results; new |
plan. Buffalo Specialty Co.. Buffalo, N. Y. I
SOLICITORS to s*lt our guaranteed gold bond
contracts: htehfet. commission and salary to
producers of bustnesa. The Gold Bond Mer-
cantile Co., 40ti Crossley building.
UNCLE SAM wants help: examinations for
custom-house positions will be held in July;
apply for our free catalogue giving par-
ticulars. Pacific Correspondence Institute.
Grant bldg.. cor. Market and Seventh sts.
BARBER shop; 3 chairs, bath and bootblack j
stand; also household effects; good business;
in lively mining town; cheap rent; snap, j
Box 3, PlacervlIIe. Cal.
CANVASSERS wanted to handle a' patented,
quick selling article: liberal terms. Apply
immediately at 206 Twelfth st.
WANTED-^-An experienced clerk In groceries
pnd genera! merchandise. Address box 1184,
Call offlce. Oakland.
YOUNG man: experienced clothing stock clerk;
must furnish cood reference. PAUSON &
CO.. Sutter and Kearny sts.
FIRST-CLASS bartender. Call between 3 and
4 o'clock, 737 Market st. '
ERRAND boy wanted at tailor's. 337 Bush !
street.
GOVERNMENT positions — More than 15.000
appointments last year; examinations soon: i
thousands appointed were prepared by the j
National Correspondence Institute. Washing- 1
ton, D. C. Write for circular J 1. giving !
list of positions, salaries, examinations, sam- I
pie questions, etc.. to our Pacific Coast office
927 Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Three first-class carriage black-
smiths and three first-class body makers;
good wages and steady employment to right
parties. Apply A. MEISTER & SONS CO..
Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikln. R*no House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third «t.: 250 rooms; 25c to SOc per night.
UNCLE SAM wants help; 14.000 appointments
1903 ; free exam, paper & catalogue giving
positions and salaries. Dept.CWesternCorresp.
University. 925 Golden Gate ave.. San Fran.
CARRIAGE painters and blacksmiths, finishers .
or doormen. Apply O'Brien's Carriage Fac- i
tory, corner Polk st. and Golden Gate ave. |
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber!
trade, free of charge- Western College of I
Barbers, 647 Commercial st. :
TR7 cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and j
$1 50 pair; foot-form chore at $2 60; we pay i
txprers or mail charges. 11 3d st..Exam . bid.
A FIRST-CLASS barber shop for sale: doing
good business; owner gofng East. 2584 Mkt.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade: wages
while learn'ng. 741A Howard st.
EAILORS and young men <green bands) for
»hlps. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
Pension Atty.. E. A. B-llis, r. 40. Phelaa bldg.
Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Feet. O. A. R.
WANTED— Japanese porter. 70 Third st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 room*: 35c night: reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception I
cf advertisements and subscriptions has be«a
opened at 100S Market -*t.. opposite Fifti u
Open until II p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL elzes men's * hoes, slightly damaged, halt
¦ price, r.c; Mission «t_ bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your *hoes half-soled while waiting: 23a
to r.Oo. fiKt Ml».«lon i=t.. bet, lit and 2d »t«.
HELP WANTED— SAItES-LEW.
j WE pay sales men and women, city or coun-
j try, Jarce commissions to sell kitchen and tol-
1 let soap Fhnvlns machines. Antiseptic Soap
Granulator Co.. 2127 Michigan ave., Chicago.
WANTED — Salesman and solicitor. Mutual
Investment Co., 4C7 Parrott building.
HOK5 ES AXD \VAOOar_U
9, 12 AND 14 passenger 4-seat surries. second-
hand Toomey cart, low phaeton, platform
gear surrey and oak trap, hack, coupe, pneu-
matic bugpry. 2 bikes and tandem cart.
O'BRIEN'S. Golden Gate ave. and Polk -t.
FOR sale — ( horses, 1 weighs 1300; fine sad-
dle horse. 3 drivers suitable for milk wagon;
buckboard and harness. NEVADA STA-
PLES, cor. Eighth and Harrison sts., Oak-
land.
FOR sale— Hl.h-ciass saddle mare, sired by
hackney liorse out of thoroughbred mare;
sound; 0 y»ars old; gentle; drives single or
¦ double. 1611 California st.
BAY horse. 6 yjars old, good driver; second-
hand I vt hI uina cart; made to order. Inquire
OHO Telegraph ave., Oakland.
FOR sale— $175; mare, 7 years old, gentle In
every respect, safe for woman to drive; will
go double, trot or pace. Box 25. Call.
I FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
I round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
¦ County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S. P.
FOR sale — One lG-hand sorrel mare, 6 years
old: sound, gentle, good driver; must be
s«old at once. . St. Lawrence Stable. 423 Post.
WANTED — A' sound young team weighing
about 1000 pounds. H. M. Woolley, 230
Montgomery st.
WANTED— Horse about 1150 lbs. sound and
! gentle, for light delivery wagon. S. BLUM
1151 Polk st. .
; WANTED — Driving horse for Its keeping Box
! 1181. Call office. Oakland.
CHEAP — Light spring wagon. 4022 Twenty-
, . third st., near Castro.
FOR sale — A black liorse; a good driver. vEox
17:5, Call offlce. . ]~j
WANTED — A good sound horse; broke to drive
, anil to the saddle. Box 155. Call.
i DRIVING horse for fhIc: black: 6 years old;
: sound and gentle. Uox H3, Call offlce.
TWO second-hand platform spring wagons, <vr««
, 3-ton, one -IV» ton, one truck. 223 ltraiV »",.
i HORSE. $1R: mule. $_t>: tort war-n, «tm*M«> t?x
¦ camping. $25: heavy cart. _7_S Bryant f*.
| WANTED— Surwy hi K^xl condition. IIS
i O'F-rr* 1 ) »t.
, FOU Mle--VMtt\« lt<M">; ft»*l 4t'v*I\ tVV
I 8070, *.*»U «<f(W.
I A BLACK ho(»» tv*r *aU; V ]r**r* «Wj ******
I and sound, tM\ ST«\ C*U»
i Braov »W«>* r.\f *.«**>, V»hjw# *h4 Vnm**
FOR i*i***l<C"fcU*t fctt«r» K_ *>U*» *f v
nw«r OeaT)**
ri'Iuuju TtnK"h«m **l*\ m tt«_#»
.HELP WAWTED—FEWAMi— C". '
WE want men and women of good address
as canvassers ' for San Francisco, Oakland,
Berkeley, Alameda and Point Richmond. The
Success General Agency 37 Dorland St., be-
tween Seventeenth and* Eighteenth sts.
EXPERIENCED girl finisher: one who has
worked In clothing store. PAUSON & CO.,
Sutter and Kearny sts.
WANTED— Working housekeeper; widower, 2
children; wagres $15. Sunday morning of
Monday. 6 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
STENOGRAPHER, commercial experience. $30
and advancement. Answer own hand, with
f ull ref erencea. box 2C3, CalL -
A GOOD cook, middle-aged woman, to assist
In housework; family of two. Call to-day,
bet. 11 and 4 at 3946 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced jacket and skirt al-
teratlon hand. Apply at HALE BROS.' bet.
9 and lla. ui,
A— OPERATORS on ladles' waists. 656 Mis-
sion St., third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' underwear. 656
Mission st., third floor.
A— GIRLS wanted to sew by hand. 658 Mls-
. sion st.. third floor. .
A— IRONER wanted. 656 Mission St., third
floor.
SERVANT girl to do light housework. Call
625 Fulton st.
WANTED — A neat girl for general housework.
Apply at 1613 Clay st. '_
LUNCH waitress; no Sunday or holiday work.
S07 California st. |
GIRLS for plain machine sewing. 1817 Devisa-
dero st.; call after 9 o'clock.
WANTED — A girl at dressmaking. 36 Geary
St.. room 43.
FINISHER on vests. 520*4 Turk street.
WANTED— Experienced union waitresses. 20
Third street. ' • , ..
YOUNG girl about 16 to assist with general
housework. 359 Jersey st., near Castro.
MANICURIST wanted. Crossley Shaving Par-
lor. Crossley building; call Monday.
FINE cook, city or country; wages $80. Ad-
dress box 112, Call offlce.
WANTED— Refined housekeeper. Apply 121
; Turk st.
j , —
WANTED — Young German woman ae house-
keeper for small family. Box 357, Call offlce.
WANT good lady solicitor for advertising busi-
ness; good proposition. 36 Geary St., room 1.
WANTED— Hairdresser and manicure; also
an apprentice. 503 Larkin st.
I WANTED — Girl to canvass for a medical flrm.
| Box 293. Call- offlce.
AGENTS, city, country; labor-saving house-
hold necessity; money maker. 769 O'Farrell.
WANTED — Woman over 25 to travel. Address
Permanent, box 289, Call offlce.
j LADY traveler f.,r business house; p,Tmanent
position. Box 3t>0, Call offlce.
GOOD reliabte woman to work by the day or
month. Address MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
A GOOD sewer on vests wanted. 225 Fifth
street. '
DISHWASHER wanted; email place; $0 per
Wfek. 1009 Larkin st.
LADY as working housekeeper; references.
| Box S94, Call offlce.
YOUNG girl; light housework; evenings free;
$10. 1535A Mission st.
FEMALE voices, in sight reading; class-voice
building. Full particulars box 901. Call.
WANTED — Waitresses, pantry girl and dish-
washer at 757 Mission st.
DRESSMAKER'S helper and apprentice. L.
NORTHRUP'S. 2207 Post st-
A WAITRESS wanted. Apply early at 805
Mission st.
DRESSMAKER wanted. 1422 O'Farrell st,
| YOUNG girl for general housework; no wash-
! lug; two in family. 1032 Ellis st.
WANTED — A first-class finisher on coats. 906
Market at., room 15.
A YOUNG girl for housework and care ol
child; good references. Call at 127 Oak st.
YOUNG lady with some dry goods experience
fnr general store. Call Sunday afternoon,
111 Gough St.- - - A- •
PANTS finishers and operators wanted. 673
Geary st. \
WOMAN wanted for light housework- 433
Larkin st.
STRONG Christian girl for general housework;
wage& $2S. 2712 Folsom st. f
MILLINERY makers and trimmers. North
Beach Wonder, 1411 Stockton st.
A NEAT girl with some experience for deli-
cacy store; good wages. 145 Taylor st.
YOUNG girl from the country, refined, ex-
perienced, wishes light housework; sleep
home. Box 3807, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED girls to work in pickle fac-
tory. LEWIS PACKING CO:, 625 Front st.
EXPERIENCED girls, waitresses. 448 Ellis.
Experienced 2-needle operator. Singer; steady
position. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan _ Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
ot advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Op»r> until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED .HALJ3.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
14 Third «t., near Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U, S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
2."> teamsters, ?67 50 a month.
15 laborers, $60 a month.
10 drillers, rockmen, hammersmen, $75.
10 tunnel men. $3 a day.
WOODS CREW.
2 barkers, $4.1 and board.
2 wheel teamsters, $U5 a month.
Edgerman; sawmill, cast, $3 25 a day and
board.
3 teamEters, city, $2 50 a day.
8 woodchopperu. pine, 4 feet, $1 25 cord.
. Wood turner, near city, $3 60 a day.
10 boilermakers. $3 to $4 a day, board and
lodging; steady Job guaranteed; free fare.
Tfclan and wife, prune ranch, Sonoma County,
wlfa to cook and board men; man, foreman,
¦ mu«t bt; experienced packer; wages $U0 a
month.
CALIF. EMP. AGENCY, 14 Third st.
GLAZIER. $3 to day; wood turner, $3 50 day;
miner. $3 day, and wife to board mtn at $-0 :
month; circular «awyer. small mine, $4 day: !
edgennan *>3 day; blacksmith's helper $30 I
and round; vegetable gardener, $30 and
found; ehoreman, $30 nnd found: milkers,
$30 and $35 nnd found: carpenter, $3 50 day;
farmers and wives, $47 50. $50 and $55 ,and J
found; old man to care for place. $5 and
found! woodchoppers, $1 15 cord. Cook&,
waiters, dlxhwashrrs and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. ti2.S Sacramento st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
F. M. GUNN, 638 Commercial st.
(Office Open 10 a. m. to 12 in.)
Phone Main 1191 '¦ — . Near Kearny
To the Sawmills, North, by Rail.
10 railroad graders, company work, $60; long
Job, tracklayers. $2 25 day. .
10 quarrymen. $*'.O; wood turner, $3 60 day;
b-ker, small hotel, $50 and found; 3 yardmen,
' sawmill. $W> and found. . fraee fare; rail-
road men. $2 day; cooks, waiters, porters and
others. Call and see us.
ANDRE'S Offlce. 317 Stockton St.— Cooks, wait-
ers, pantrymen, dishwashers .and potwashers
for summer resorts and springs; relief cook.
S70; third cook, i $C0; cook on vineyard. $30;
kitchen boy, private place, $25: German
young porter for saloon, $10 week: bedmaker.
$20 and found; elevator boy. $25; waiter,
plain hotel $25 to $30; farm hand. $35; sta-
bleman, private place, $30; teamster, private
park, $26. etc.
"AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY. .
95 THIRD ST. ' Telephone Main 5521.
Man -and wife, dairy ranch. $50 and board.
Man. generally useful; woman, cook, 12 men.
Cook, mining camp, few men. . $35 found.
Teamsters,' scraper work, city. $1 50 found.
Ranch hands, 1 Sonoma Co.. $1 25 and board.
Woodchoppers. north, stove, $1 50 cord, oak.
Nevada, teamsters, $2 25: laborers. $2; S hrs.
• HORD & SMITH.
. TRUSTWORTHY person, each district, to su-
perintendent, business for wholesale house; $20
paid weekly, expense money advanced; posi-
tion permanent; experience not essential; no
deception. Manager. 807 Ccmo big., Chicago.
WE want I men and women of good address
as canvassers for San Francisco. . Oakland,
Berkeley. Alameda and Point Richmond. The
Success General Agency, 37 Dorland st., be-
tween Seventeenth and Eighteenth sts.
WANTED^-Hustlers to tack signs, distribute
circulars. . samples, etc. ; no canvassing; good
pay. Sun Adv. Bureau, Chicago. ..
WANTED — Experienced .'domestic salesman.
Apply between 9 and 11, a." m. tt HAL.
I bro? .•:¦¦---• -., - . -vrS8__ftS3S_5'
1 HORSES A> P WACf»y S--Co» tin n_ed.
I WANTED— Cart or sulky; pneumatic tires.
i Box 314. CalL
' FOR sale cheap— 10O hinds of surreys, camp
. F w^g"s! reb_^tU_J_______«a Folsom -t.
LIGHT second-hand wagon for sale. 843
Howard st.
' ONE pony and buggy or cart « r
: sale cheap. 1304 Folsom snd Lleventh st.
HORSES of all grades bou_ht sold and ex-
changed. II. ATKINSON. CS Hermann st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
: nes«. work nnd driving horaes. lSth-Valencla.
~~ HlltSKS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBMEN & CO.. 2<> Montgomery.
FOLSOM. R47— Part of house, furnished com-
j plete: piano^ ¦
! $73 — GRAND corner resMfnce. Baker an I
' Grove Fts.; If) large room a, t.a.-w-m»n*.; in-xicrn.
j HO-SES TO LET — ytR.N-.SUED.
FURNISHED house, 8 rooms, will rent for 2
to 4 months. $0«: call or phone In forenoons.
2S22 Pine st. : phone Pine 301.
IIOUSK of 8 rooms: billiard-room, bath: mag-
nificent marine view, lovely garden.' Apply
SHAINWALD-BUCKBEE CO.. Mills bldg.
| HOUSES FURMSIIED FOR SALE.
$675 — 14- ROOM house, well furnished.
Bargain; fine location: pays well: sunny yard.
front, side and bark; to sell quickly. Own-
er's agent. A. W. BELL. 211 Montgomery st.
HOUSE. 12 or 22 rooms, for sale, very cheap.
118 Jcr.es St.. between 12 and 3.
HOUSES SUBURBAN FLRXISHED
ROSS station— Completely furnished house-
keeping apartments; piano, garden, etc.; one
minute from station. Apply MRS. GEAR.ON.
HOUSES TO LET SUBURBAN.
WELLESLEY PARK. San Mateo Co.; 8-room.
modern fur, house; barn. Meek. 909 Mission.
j m
| HOUSES WANTED.
I WANTED — Modern flat or small cottage: 4 or 5
! rooms: marine view; limit $-0: no children.
: Box 275. Call.
! Z.AU~C___S 70S EXBE.
C. A. _cNEU_T_AUNCH CO.. foot ot CUy
•t. ; (or pleasure and business; ta— > Bush 334b
J. Michaells Launch Co.. Unlon-st, wharf.boat-
lng — excursions. 5 Steuart st. : tel. John 2689.
LOST A.ND FOUND.
LOST— Llewellyn setter; white, with black
! spots; name Deacon. Large reward S00 Jones.
j FOX terrier bitch, near Waller and Central
ave. Return to Terminal Hotel; reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Sarln»
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of ANNA E. STREICHER, No.
200-001. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— Thursday, the 19th, heavy band ring
set with two diamonds and emerald. Finder
will be liberally rewarded by returning same
to E. Reed, SC3 Market st.
LOST — Gentleman's gold watch, key winder,
ladies' chain attached: between Kearny and
California, and Dupont and Clay. Return,
1122 Larkin. r. 5; liberal reward; keepsake.
! LOST— Diamond horseshoe, on Sutter it., bet.
Hyde and Powell. Return to Hotel Granada,
room 0. and receive reward.
LOST — A hand-painted muffler, with the tn-
| itials E O. R., in San Mateo, Sunday,
j getting off cars. 3S22 Army at.. S. F.
! LOST— May 19. Irish setter dog; heavy feath-
j ered; UBeral reward No. 3 Grand et.
LOST— Fly casting club medal. Reward for
rtrturn to 9 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 eem_ — The Weekly Call.
It pare*, tr wrapper, for mailing. >1 per year.
MATSTMO-TIAI..
A HOME lcvlng and refined woman, rood ap-
pearance, kind disposition, wishes to meet a
gentleman of refinement and educated; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 154. Call offlce.
A BACHELOR of 68,, refined and educated!
gsod health, has an 'Income, would like to>
correspond with lady; object matrimony.
Box 3836, Call offlce.
I A WIDOWER (43). no children; a good poal-
I tion at a fine salary and can make a good
! home for a kind wife. Address box 2764,
; Call offlce.
I MARRIAGE paper; prints photos and all ad-
j dresses; 8 pages. 10c; correspond without fur-
| ther expense. A. T. Stover, box 667. Chicago.
I A PROFESSIONAL man with a good income
; deeires to correspond wlt£ lady with som«
1 means; object, matrimony. Box 142. Call.
' LADY, kind and good housekeeper, wishes to
• correspond with a Christian gentleman; ob-
| Ject matrimony. Eox 39C9. Call offlce.
GENTLEMAN (33) desires to make acquaint-
j ance widow or working girl; object matri-
i mony. Box 3918. Call offlce.
I
WIDOW (34) wishes to correspond eligible gen-
tleman; must possess means; object matri-
mony. Box 3S6, Call offlce.
AMERICAN widow, 40, want- to form ac-
quaintance with tradesman. Address box
1179. Call offlce, Oakland.
j GENTLEMAN, well educated, some means.
• seeks acquaintance with refined lady; object
I matrimony. Box 134, Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address in th«
United States or Canada one year for SI.
KEDIC-JL
LADIES desiring sate, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my method-
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience tn all
female disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market at., rooms 7 and 8.
j MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femali
complaints and Irregularities: Instant relief:
| ; guaranteed; 30 years* experience. 82tJ Post St.
i URS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fa-
male trouble, and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008H Market at., opp. 3t_.
, VALFEAU'S female pills; beat regulating pills
spld; price $'- 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on fern— la
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult case* treated
I advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st,
• Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment ilO: hours. 10 to 5; 23 yrs. exper.
I "EZE-MENSA" cures irregularities in three
• days; $1 per bottle: $1 25 by express. CEN-
TURY REMEDY CO.. 405 Montgomery st.
; MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— P.elUble ladles*
specialist; a private borne before and durtaf
conflneme»t; best medical care; low faea.
" MRS. DR. GWTER. having secured leaje of
! premise., is permanently located at Sit A
I Leave-worth at., bet. Qe_— and O'F— rrel-
' ! DRS. LAMB have moved from Murphy building
"j to the Muirhead building. 1584 Market St..
I 1 corner Larkin.
i I LA DIES— Our monthly regulator never falls;
, ! box free. VITA CO.. Station A. Detroit. Mich.
• | DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. corner
\ ! 2t*tb: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
> DR. and MRS DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
: original method of treatment. 1120 Market.
1 LADIES' irregularities cured; IS years' ex.;
. j private. ,Dr. SYLVESTER. 21'J Kearny st.
I YOU can obtain relief: women only. DR. R.
: H. WESTON. SOS Kearny «-
I | MIS ES A~T> «IHrr~O.
! \ GILT edge chance for mlnin* Investment: a
; : limited number of *J>aro* of the OnceoU Min-
K , ln K and ftY-topac iVmpany (Incorporated)
will bo *oU at » «*nts P*«" »h*re: this stock
I ! w I |£ t« V** «»l f*r *S~r-> within one year.
• For nil t»forw*t'o«i. *-» «r writ- Osc*ol_
Mm(n_ aa.1 f-v-k-tn. Otampf".* *»» Cross-
i _v»i» n_l»..N\'T*h «i Maaieium- ™<* ThavlUa
, ' * V h.. ¦«/•£" of patented land: - cwmp-rt-
» fit »« V«v r«k; «" l--t i» needed U a
r ¦¦ K-uT* lit li»l» y-rU» from ,h*ft for
f . ™* VSr Sur-W-t-J- --Jr." C EVAN.,
55 tvy^vjAt.
• N*^W : *».vj4~«Mvi* «« W KK-t»d by consulting
?£mm « Mln«r*'«»<--l I>;«V*rca Assn..
» \ IS>^*Tn : V -v,M mining; rich placers; lone
• *»«"«?••«** m-vhme; great opportunity.
k^iivVjtP*H v tVX «nvw* w»wre to locate good
L V»SK*»Vi*v*- » irub stake. Box 1175. Call
[ VV\"i>* ,'Utw* «'« Tvnopah cheap. Box 117*. Call
¦_MP_OVMBVT WANTED— MALK.
WANTED— Position as porter in wholesale
. h»_". Xddres* Box 70. Call.
WANTED— Position as porter. Box 61. Call.
YOt'NO man want* position of any kind. 11
Natoma t., upstai t». ______
PPEITION wanted by good all round »«£«•-
<er: city or country. Box S390. C»H offlce.
DRUO relief clerk desires position. Address
bo* 79. Call office.
•R-T—gB want, work. S34 Howard at.
WANTED— Position es elevator boy. J. N-
M.. XS10 Pierce st.
POSITION m-anted by strong boy In drug
store; good reference*._Box ".Call offlce. _
WANTED-A job _: as porter In wjx>ie«,j e
houte; good references. Address box .J. Call.
WANTED— A position a* chief cook. Address
box 73. Call office.
GOOD butcher wants work. E. STEVENS, 347
Keen iy ml.
WANTED — Situation as gardener; several
years' experience. Box P7. O-ll.
EXPERIENCED elevator operator wants posi-
tion. N. G.. 12 Geary court.
POSITION as bookkeeper by young man of 18.
Box t.4. Call.
YOUNG man wante petition aa elevator boy.
Box 15. Call clflce.
NEAT appearing boy wants a position running
elevator. Apply box 13. CalL
HONEST young man desires a position In a
wholesale house. Box 12. Call.
TOUNG — <ar. would like pcsltlon as clerk in
hardtrart store. Box S2, Call.
BOT wants a pot'.tioa es delivery boy. Box
10, C-IL
¦— 'ANTKD — Position as elevator boy. Apply
bck 3S8. Call office^ j
SITUATION wanted as porter. Address box
£20, Call ©rflce.
WANTED — P— itlon a- stenographer; 6 years'
experience. Box 2VJ, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as stenographer; good ref- J
erence*. Address box _S7, Call ottce. ' j
TOUNG man would like a position in real es-
tate compii-r.y. Box 318. C-51 offlce.
YOUNG men would like a position in insurance
orfice; releren..-es. Box _16,^Cell orfice.
SITUATION wanted as typewriter; 7 years' ex-
perience. Blx 300. Call office. ,
A POSITION in clothing store; reference*. ;
. Ecx CIS, Call office. ¦
JOB as cook on ranch. Bpx S07. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as cierk In grocery and
bar. Addrebs box 279, Call offlce. <
WANTED— Situation as gardener; 15 years' |
experience. Box 295. Call. ;
BOY wants position. Apply 1991 Howard st.
WANTED— 5ituati<>r. as porter. Box 292, Call ;
office.
WANTED— A jiosition where I can learn th»
plumbing bu*ines.« thoroughly. Box 290, Call.
AS collector, a young man thoroughly ac-
cualr.ied in city, alfco OakiantL -59 Turk st.
YOUNG man would like position of any kind.
FHANK HUHER. «• Ft'bert et.
BOT 14 rears old. hones-t and reliable, would
like employment in the city. Box 207. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as porter. Box
325. Cal! office.
BOY wp.nts position a? office boy. Box 308,
Call offlce.
A MIDDLE-AGED tnan wishes a situation to
do ar.y klnfl of work. 724 VaJlejn jet.
WANTED — Position e» first batcher In a flrrt-
clas* hotel. IVix .1C1. Ca'I office.
REFINED gentleman wishes position as right
watchman; reffrenccs. IJcx 3j2. Call offlce.
GERMAN bartender bm of references, wishes
ptea<1y r»«ition. Box 3S1. Call office.
ELDERLY rr.an want* position a« cashier in
iron foundry. Box SoO, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS sigr i painter wants position.
Box 358. Call offlce.
WANTED— A position as teamster. Box 102,
Call office.
MAN w«.nt* to work in barroom. TOM
SLOAN. 845 Geary f«t.
YOT'NG man wants position as porter. Box
117. Ca'.l office.
MAN .wants to work in dairy. W. HAAS,
1641 8utter etl
TWO carpenters from Vermont want work.
Prefect Hotel. Pan Francisco.
HARNESPMAKER wants a situation. 49 Ross
street.
ELEVATOR operator; situation wanted, town
or country. Address F. STEELE, 37 Second.
MIDDLE-AGED man would like position In
whole«4ile houne. Box 116. Call office.
WANTED — A position a? shipping clerk. JOHN
SMITH. 82S Market st.
EXPERIENCED barkeeper wants position. Box
2.1«. Call office.
OFFICE boy -.ants a position. Box 202. Call
office.
BOY wants position in office. Box 113, Call
offlce
WANTED — Position a? traveling salesman for
blankets and flann'ls. Addrrps box 111, Call.
MAN wants place as butler. L LEWIS 702
McAllister Ft.
BUTIJ^R wants place in pri\-ate family. l{.
SMITH. 4r..'. Minna et.
WANTED — A position its assistant bookkeeper.
Box MS, Call offlce.
BOY wants to work in a barber ehop. Box
UX5. Call office.
OFFICE bey wants a position. Box 107. Call
office.
TOl'NO man nanti position as press feeder.
Flox 104. Call office.
BOT would like position in grocery. Box
_2S. Call efflcr.
WANTED — A rtfwltlon as clerk. Address box
226 Call office.
WANTED— A po'itlon as barkeeper. Address
bo* 227. •<,'»!! office.
WANTED— Position as clerk. Address box 223
<"all office.
BTAXTRO — Pnnltion as machinist Address box
S24. Call of fie*.
WANTED— Job as porter. Address box 2_r>,
Call office.
MAN wants j.osition as solicitor. Box 220,
Ca'.l office.
MAN wai:ts situation aa porter. Box C_l Call
offlce.
WANTED— Place as bill collector. 2024 Powell
ftreet.
WANTED— PUc» as porter in a ralcon. Box
219. Call offlce.
SITUATION a» lxx>kkeeper; expert accountant
Box 135. CaM offlce.
WANTED — A position as porter. Box 120
Call offlce.
BOY. 15 years old. 'wants to learn watch-
maker's trade. Box 24G. Call.
BOY wsnts situation In cigar store. Box 136
Call office.
TOUNG man wants position as elevator boy.
Box 244. Call.
YOCNG man wiehes position as clerk in
millinery store. Box _5_. Call.
MARRIKD man wishes to superintend farm.
Box 254. Cill office.
BOY wish*- to learn plumbing. Address box
253. Call office.
RELIABLE man. double team, withes to haul
for wholesale house. Box 273. Call offlce.
BOY. 14 years, wants position as errand boy.
Address box 2fi9. Call.
STRONG boy want- po»itlion In wholesale
house. Address box 2C8. Call. .
ASSISTANT bookkeeper wants position, age
21; first-class references. Box 267. Call.
BRIGHT boy 12 years old wants position m-hert
he can advance himself. Address 13 Third.
A SCHOOLBOY wants a Saturday Job. Box
2C2. Call. ;
POSITION as teanurter. Address box 213.
Ca.ll offlce. | :
POSITION tt porter. A_dr«i box 258, Call
office.
JG-B on r_rc_ «_ cook. Box 123, Call office.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 22, 1904.
47
A. B. BARNES. MEDICAL DIRBCTOB. I
L. I. MATHER, Secretary. . |
, WILLOW BARK SANITARIUM 1
(Incorporated).
Treat all liquor and drug addictions
by the best known methods. > '
We do not agree to effect a cure in threo
days. By giving a systematic treatment we
build up the system, while effecting the cure,
by which we naturally obtain the best results.
We do not claim to perform miracles,
BUT DO CLAIM TO CURE.
We have a beautiful and well-furnished home
for all private patients. Call or write for
booklet. Address for particulars —
812 Shotwell st., near Twenty-second. ;
i Tel White 3(i91. San Francisco, Cal. |
TEN ' THOUSAND DOLLARS . (J10.000) RE-
WARD will be paid for accurate information
as to the whereabouts of HENRY BAXTER ]
KINGSLEY. who disappeared from New 1
Vcrk City on November 14, 1903, If living;
or, if dead, to the person who shall first fur-
nish to the undersigned Information leading
to the conviction of any person responsible
for his death. This offer will hold good until
August 1, 1904. DALY. HOYT &. MASON,
Attorneys, 15 William st.. New York City.
A LONG STORY MADE SHORT— A wrinkled
face poritlvely restored to its former contour;
Klmpie, harmless, scientific method shown on
the living face; permanency guaranteed. Call
or write for book, "Hints on Beauty," free.
M. KLLA HARRIS. 781 O'Farrell st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling.cures dandruff |
. and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleansrs scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
TO my Patrons and the Public: I have se-
cured the services of an Eastern dermatolo-
Fi*t, a college graduate; also the arency for
the moBt perfect massage device on the mar-
ket. MISS MORRIS, room 47, 121 Post st.
"VITAL RING" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varicocele,
etc.; easily worn; 92 50 postpaid: physicians
rscommeDd them. DR. BURNARD CO.. 140
Geary at. '- /
GENTLEMAN. 82, Independent circumstances,
good appearance, desires acquaintance with
unlncumbered lady of good appearance; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 317, Call office.
ALL scalo diseaaee, eczema, falling hair, itch-
ing scalp, etc, cured; hair grown; gray hair
restored to original oolor; best manicuring In
city. Dunlap Institute, 60 Geary st.
BARGAINS In burnt leather cushions, > hand
bags, noveltlea. etc.; Initials burned free;
special designs executed. People'a Studio,
37 Dorland st.. bet. 17th and lSth^
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin mouth bones, etc.). speedily cured by ;
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also |
chenille -wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st. Oakland.
OLI> carpets of all kinds woven Into beautiful
and durable rugs; any sire desired. Phone
Red 7122 The Oakland Fluff Rug Factory,
862 Market St., Oakland. Cal.
SCALP treatment given by a lady to produce
growth of hair; hours 10 Lim. to 6 p. m.
and evenings; best of references. Hotel
Atlanta. 452 Ellis St..
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
91 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market st,
between Seventh and Eighth. '
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
BOUBRETTE wanted: Rood salary. Dramatic
Star. fO62 Ellis et.
i ASK your druggist for the Marquis Hair Tonic;
It Is the best.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
; trie needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers, 1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE eult 97 50; dress pants 92 SO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush ar.d Dupcnt.
SUITS to order on Installments of 91 per week.
NBUHAUS & CO. (Inc.), tailors. 729 Market.
Actina restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia,
I MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist 369 Sut-
ter. r. 009. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
I * hair to Its natural color; $1. at all druggists'.
PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAS. palmist and astrologer. 189
Post st.; readings 91; hours 10 to 5.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 615
Taylor *t. near Geary. ' Phone Black 581.
~ PARTNERS WASTED.
WANTED — A partner with 93000 to buy half
Interest In sawmill: lots of timber; Inquire
at this office for address. Box 3829. CalL
A PARTNER with $300 for a tent show. Box
904. Call office.
PATENTS. ' nirw^.,
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
tomey-at-taw 6 Hobart bid*.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEON*.
DrTc. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Vi Market st. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
j WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
POULTRY, EGGS, ETC^-For Sale.
100 GALLONS fresh milk da."y; test 4 per cent
butter.fat. Apply R. E. ROWLAND, Orinda
Park, or FRANK ESMOND. 2520 Shattuck
ave.. Berkeley.
?^™A*" ." A .^"l?^?. . A ?_ p . SDppLIK »'
SEWING MACHINE BARGAIN OPPORTU-
TITT — This week we are cleaning house and
*hall sell about 60 New Whites that are
slightly shop worn, at 1-3 and % regular
prices. This is the beet opportunity ever of-
: fered In San Francisco to get the best sewing
machine made at little price. When you buy
or rent a White you get the best sewing ma-
chine on earth. Telephone Black 1106. City
offices, 300 Post at.; 1841 Flllmore st. and
70S Valencia st-
DOMEBTIC — The machine for family use; beat
la cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market et., near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See pur new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used; $10, $15. $20; •econd-
hand, $3, $5. $8: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
storage: and warehouses.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture
household goods stored, moved, snipped. 725-
731 Howard st, nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage
packing:, shipping warehouse, O. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 57L
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mlaalon st; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfnss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore at.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
at; tel. Main 1640. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
CASEY — Information wanted ~olf WILLiXm
CASEY, who left Tralee, County Kerry Ire-
land, about forty-five /years ago and we'nt to
California. He was reported to have died
out West about 20 years ago, leaving con-
siderable property and that the heirs were
advertised for. Any information concerning
above will be gratefully received. Addregs
s^Vmf'pau^Tn'n 81 - * X^* % * ,"* Nlntt>
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. . "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pal !
¦ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
Ing Society. Sth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 708 Market St., opposite Third
For the, half yea- ending 31st of December
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and ¦ participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 9, 5 per cent, now due and pay-
* able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 405 Mont-
gomery st, room 0. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnra. and Cafara.
NATOMA, 815— Furnished room; single.
NICELT * furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Address H. B-, 968 Fulton st.
O'FARRELL. 439 — Neat front room: private
family; suitable for ene.or two persons; reaa.
O'FARRELL, 770, near Larkln— Sunny pleas-
ant single room: |10.
O'FARRELL. 1424 — Large, bright unfurnished
room.
O'FARREUU 1438 — Nice large sunny fur-
nished auite or sir.gl* room; private family.
OUTSIDB room; $3 per week; rooms to let.
Box 123. Call. •
PIERCE. 1031 — Sunny, furnished rooms; pri-
vate family; reasonable; light housekeeping.
FINE. 222Va— Furnished suite and single rooms.
PINE, 1076 — Large sunny furnished room with
running water; suitable for two.
POLK. 725—2 nicely furnished rooms; good:
location. :• •'":'-
POLK. 817— Sunny furnished room. 1 or a
gentlemen; also hall bedroom.
POLK, 2238— Sunny furnished rooms; corner
house; splendid view; rent $7 and $9.
POST, 422 — Room suitable for one or two; prl-
vate family. - ¦
POST. 889. near Hyde— Large furnished frost
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
POWELL, 208 — Large furnished room for 1 or
2 gentlemen; rent reasonable.
POWELL. BOO— Nicely furnished single room.
POWELL, 008 — A nice single room for gentle-
man.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par- 1
lor: rooma per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. 98 to $.10; elevator on ground
Boor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
RUSS, 44^ — One large, sunny, furnished room
to let. ,
SCOTT, 1810— Larre furnished room; bath;
gas; $8.
SECOND, «2 — Furnished rooms.
SECOND. 434 — Three neatly furnished rooma
to let. . ¦ ¦
BIXTH, 402tt— 1 large front room and one
amall room.
SIXTH ave.. 7«5O, nr. Chutes — Furnished rooms
close to G. G. Park entrance, $1 60 to $3 a
week; 8 unfnrn. rooms. $10 a month.-
SIXTEENTH. 2S22— Sunny furnished room for
one or two.
SIXTEENTH. 3038— Flat. 8 single rooms;
newly furnlahed; gents only.
SMALL room reasonable: private house: good
locality; clean and light. Box 3813. Call.
SOUTH Park. 115A — Nicely furnished front
parlora; suitable for gentleman; bmth. gas;
' reasonable.
STANYAN. 810. facins O. O. Park— Nicely
furnished dark room; cheap.
STEVENSON. 259— Furnished . rooms.
SUTTER, 1529-r-Handsomely furnished aulte,
suitable for doctor qr^ dentist.
j ¦
TAYLOR. 155 — Rooms for rent.
TAYLOR. 242^ — Sunny front parlor; also bed-
| room and complete kitcHen.
TAYLOR, 813—^Front parlor, piano, folding
bed. couch, etc.. $16; also 2 front house-
keeplng rooma. %XH; private family.
TAYLOR. 624. corner Sutter— Sunny' bay-wln-
dow front room; pleasant; $10.
TEHAMA. 22 — 2 Iante front sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms: private.
I TEHAMA. 156— Furnished rooma to let.
THE ST. KATHRYN, NE. cor. Leavenworth
and Ellis— Sunniest rooma In the city; new
hotel; just furnished fresh and clean; hair
mattreaaea In every room; also hot and cold
water, baths, etc; steam heat throughout:
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence; rooma from $3 per week up.
THIRD. 78 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 555— Single room; gas, bath; $5.
TREAT ave, 807 — Furnlahed sunny room to
let. *
TURK. 1218 — Sunny front bedroom. 91 50 per
week.
TURK, 1218— Sunny furnished room; also aln-
gle front room.
TWO unfurnished rooms. -Box 132. Call office.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 3.1c to 91 night, 91 78 to 96 week; elec-
tric lights (no gaa), running water In every
room; elevator.read.-room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS, 312— Very desirable furnished
room; large, quiet, with sun all day.
VAN NESS. 512 — Elegant parlors; suitable for
8 gents; doctor or dentist; mod.; cor. house.
! WILLOW ave.. 8. off Larkin. near Ellis — 3
rooms, complete; sunny; no children.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
36c to $1 CO night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 15c
to 91 per night and from 00c to 95 per week.
3 UNFURNISHED rooms. Box 110. Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A- Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at - 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. «_•
V ROOMS AM> BOARD.
HOTEL MONTROSE—
1020 Van Ness ave.. corner Geary, has been
thoroughly remodeled and renovated and will
be conducted aa a first-class family hotel.
MRS. H. OPPENHEIMER. Prop.
SUTTER. 2148 — Private: no slen; lante ntw
modern sunny room; running: water; gas,
electric; good home cooking; references; free
phone Weft '869. ";*.>%<
FURNISHED room with first-dasa board for
respectable young man in a well-kept private
house. 666 Hermann at., bet. FiUmore and
Stelner.
CALIFORNIA. 1711 — Large, sunny furnlahed
room with board; suitable for two.
ELEGANT sunny rooma; corner; modern con-
veniences; telephone; bath. 1203 O'Farrell.
HOWARD, 841A — First-class board and room,
single or double. 95-96 wk. ; American family.
HOTEL L'AIOLON. 801 Geary— Family rooms
and board; entirely renovated: reas. prices.
LAGUNA, 875 — Nicely furnished rooma with
board.
1 1 I.
NICC Clean flat; 8 or 10 rooms; reasonable;
. good tenant. Address box 383. Call.
NICELY furnished sunny front parlor: board
for 2: also alngle room. 226 Guerrero st.
O'FARRELL, 1205 — For 2 young men, room
and board; hot and cold water: reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 010— Sunny rooms, first-class
board; reasonable.
ONE} furnished room: 95 per week, and beard
If desired. 1042 Geary st. "--*?
YOUNG man to tnke room and board in pri-
vate family: Western Addition. Box 290. CalL
VALENCIA. 580— Furnished rooma with board.
MRS. McARDLE. '-v-
WILL' board a carty of hunters at 912 a
month. Box Sta. Call office.
ROOMS AMI HOARD WANTED.
GOOD board and suite of rooms wanted by
married couple and one child; give rates.
Box 197. Call office.
ROOM and board, with use of parlor, wanted
' by mother and daughter; atate rates. Box :
170. Call office. I
WANTED— Room and board for gentleman In
easy walking distance of Fourth and Market
ata. Box 159. Call. ¦ ¦ ¦•
WANTED — In Auburn, single room, board;
reasonable. Address F. O. KAMMERER,
1527 H Howard st.
WANTED— Board and room; man and wt:e;
atate terms. Box 08. Call.
SUITE of rooma and first-class board wanted
j, for man and wife. Box 166. Call office. -
N ROOMS WANTED.
ARTIST wanta furn. room, near Sutter and
Powell; Jewish family Dref. Box 322. Call.
3 ADULTS would like 2 furnished rooms; will
take fiat with young couple: ref. 2578 Mission.
3 UNFURNISHED rooma. north of Market st. ;
reasonable. Address W. E. J.. 615 Larkln.
UNFURNISHED rooma by couple; state price
and location. 304 Seventh st.
STABT-E3 TO LET. -
TO let— 3 stalls at 2410 Harrison st.. between
Twentieth and Twenty- fir it. ' .«• —
¦%\'\ WABEHOTJSXS. '^'
FOR SALE OR TO LEASE.
Lot and 4-atory warehouse, 4S:10xl20;
short block from 3. P. freight sheds; apply
on premises. 13 Bluxome st.. bet. 4th and Sth.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES."
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. t
Smith Premier $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 00. Tit*
Typewriting Exchange. 636 California at. .
A F_W gcod typewriters at $30 each; ?et par-
ticulars of L. U M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont.
gotnery at. ¦ -. ¦ ¦•
tD-HANB typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
W»bt«r Typ»-arrit»r Tnap«o. Co 50* Market.
BONDS POB SALE.
BONDS for aale — Notice is hereby given that
sealed btdi will be received until 2 o'clock
p. m., Saturday. May 23. 1904. by the Board
ef Control of the Territory of Arizona, at th«
office of said board In the City of Phoenix.
i ArUona. for the sale of Tea Bonds of ta«
< denomination of One Thousand Dollars e-icb
bearing date, January 1, liioi. due and pay-
able January 1. 1»54. bearing interest at ib*
rate of five per cent (5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five years, issue! by the Ter-
ritory of Arizona. la accordance wtta tb«
previsions of Act No. T3 of th» Twenty-s-.-
ond Legislative Assembly of said Territory
and which act baa been apvroved by th*
Congress of the United States. Interest oa
said bonds will be paid semi-annually oa
U$T first day of January and July ox eaea
year, and both princtpal and Interest payabla
ta gold coin of th» United States at UuTof!
DC* of the Treasurer of said Territory • A,
certified check of a responsible bank for i
p«r cent of the amount of the bid. Day_t>l*
to the order of E. E. Klrkland. Territorial
Treasurer, and a copy ef this advertisemeac
must accompany each bjd. Failure of bidder
to make payment in full upon allotment aaii
tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of the cbetfk
' accompanying the tarn*. The board reserves
' the right to reject any and all bids. Bid*
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix, Arizona, - and marke<l
"Proposals for purchase of Insan* Aaylsm
Bond* "
UTITTEWIXC A*D STAilMKRHO.
MELBOURNE Irratltu^^a^rfJesTlfc^MarkeT
promises cure if In fair health; hours I to i.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licensee were Issued
yesterday: ;¦ ':, '. : -
John W. Stoke*. 21. 388 Connecticut street.
and Amelia A. Grelg, 19, 255 Mississippi street.
Frederick J. Ccok. 27. 44114 Bryant atreet,
and Mary Quinn. 20, 40 Federal street.
Hugh Cunningham. 44. 401 Fourth street, and
Kate Farrln. 36. 29 Oak Grove avenue.
Jesae G. Ellas. 39, Lea Angelea. and Mary
Cahill, 29. 503 Van Ness avenue. .
James N. Burns. 35. Go! Jen City, Mo., and
Loula S. Eaton 37. Los Angeles.
Christopher G. Cooper. 2S. 1111 Sutter street,
and Bertha H. Beer. 23. 1XH Filbert street.
Marian Strudlowskl, 23, 3*3 Fifth street, and
Pelagla Kaluzna. 21. Buffalo. N. T.
Stephen Drake. 30. Sacramento, and Lulu
Arbuckle, 30, Sacramento Cal.
Mathew J. Mocre, 24. 338A Bush street, and
Blanche H. Beers. 23. 51tt Bush street.
George W. Hocke 21, 14« Fulton street, and
Flora A. Rucker. IS. Willlta.
Samuel M. Montgomery. 21. city, and Eliza-
beth G. Montgomery. IS, city.
Germain Lescure, 29. 17.TS> 12th ave. south.
and Marie F. Galtler, 23 1730 12th av«. south-
John C. Manchester. 25. 1K04 California St.,
and Beatrice Turre. 22, 161S Clay street.
Milo Chapman. 34, 643 Bush -street, and
Levlna A. Chapman 31, city, i
Frank H. Holmes. 04. Los Angeles, and
Christine M. Ward. 45. New York City.
Paul S. Shearman, 2S, 110 Congress street,
and Julia V. Miller. 25. 252 Scott street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent hy
mall win not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residences of per-
sons authorized to have th> same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
ALLEN— In this city. May IS. 1904, to the
wife of Everest E. Allen, a son.
CARR— In this city. May 12. 1001, to th«
wife of G. M. Carr, a daughter.
CHAPMAN— In this city. May 14. 1004. to the
wife of A. J. Chapman, a son.
COBBT— In this city. May 17, 1304, to the
wife of J. .W. Cobby, a- son.
DIEL— In this ciiy. May 17, 1904. to the wife
of John Die), a daughter.
EICHBAUM— In this city. May 8. 1901. to th«
wife of J. Vanleer Elchbaum. a *on.
EINSELEN— In this dry. May 13. 1904. to the
wife of Charles R. Einselen, a daughter. -
KINCH — In this city. May IS, 1904. to the
wife of Thomas P. Klnch, a daughter.
MORENO— In this city. April 20. 1904, to the-
wife of George F. Moreno, a son.
SAMPSON— In this city. May 16, 1004. to tha
wife of Frank R. Sampson, a daughter.
MARIUED~
BAIRD— BRAT— In this city. May 17. 1904.
by the Rev. William Rader, Floyd L. Calrd
and Grace M. Bray, bod of this city.
CAVASSO— DIGIER— In this city. April 27,
1904. by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown. Ren«i
Justin Cavasso of Haywanis, Cal., and Loui&o
Dteier of this city.
COLE— SEXTON— In this city, May 13. lJJot,
by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown. Archie D. Cole
of Oakland, Cal.. and Esther Dorothea Sex-
ton of Coronado Beach, Cal.
CURTIS — LOWELL — In this city. May 19.
1904, by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown, Marion
D. Curtis of Benicia, Cal., and Una M.
Lowell of Chlco, Cal.
DRAKE— ARBUCKLE— In this city. May 21.
1904. by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown, Stephen
Drake and Lulu Arbuckle, both of Sacra-
mento, Cal.
HENRITT— ZEHANDER— In this city. May IT.
1004, by the Rev. J. Fuendelinsr. Edwin Hen-
ritt and Frida Zehander.
KRATZER— STEPHENS-^In this city. May
15. 1904. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Gustavo
A. Kratzer and Margaret H. Stephens, bot_
of Tesla, Cal.
SCHMIDT— REHM— In this city. May 21.
19C4, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. George H.
Schmidt and Elizabeth Rehm.
ROBERTS— BUSCH— In this city. May 11.
1U04. by the Rev. William Rader. John M.
Roberta and Catherine Busch. both of Potter
Valley. Mendocino County. Cal.
WILLIAMS— SEANOR— In this city. May •<>;
1904. by the Rev. William Rader. Calvin L.
Williams of Lcsslle. South Carolina, and
Hcssa Jane Seanor of this city.
—— VIED.
Alllgule. Seraph!* McFadden. John P.
Baker, Maurice M. Moore, Cornelia M. ,
Barker, Mrs. Frieda Mulvey. George
Basom, George E. Murphy, Elmer J*.
Beebe, James H. T. Nealon. Thomas 7.
Best. John Newman. Hilda -.-. '¦ '.","
Bettencourt. L. J. . Nunez. Luiz A.
Bliss. Martha J. Nye, David B.
Boles, Ellen O'Brien. Mary ' A.
Claiborne James H. Obujen. ¦ Antone
Coyle. Hugh O- Dougherty. • Kata
Cullen, John Milton CNell. Mary
Davis. Efflu M. • Parker. Abby
Drews. Gustavo Pteer. Ellas
Euen. Magdalene E. Porro. Alfonsio
Fontee. Manuel C Quintan. Daniel P.
Gessler, Charles Rlckman. C. F. O.
Glrardot Susanno Sander. Charles
Gllddon. Neva Scow. Annie
Grant. Richard A. Seller. Jacob H.
Hansen, Jens Chris Snyder. George Wm.
Harklns, Charles B. Tampakes. Mra.T.M.
Jensen, Christian Tlernay. Thomas F.
Kendall. Sablna Voll. Alice A.
Lutgen Katherlne Williams. Nellie
Matron, Stanislaus . , t
ALLIGUIE— In this city. May 19. 1004. Sera,
phle. dearly beloved wife of Flrmln Alll-
guie" mother of Helene Alligute, and sister
of Mrs. Marcellln Cance, a native of France.
aged 36 years 4 months and 3 days. -
CTFriands and acquaintances are respect.
Continued on Page Forty-Eight, j
FUNERAL MUSIC VOCAL*
Singers supplied for funeral service*. Either
solo, duet or male quartet furnished at short
notice. Had much experience. Address Di-
rector. D. M. LAWRENCE. Ml Turk street.
Phone Eaat 1079.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flanaagan * Gallagher.) :
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
' SO Fifth it., oppoaite Lincoln School. -
fry. '. Telephone Soot- 80. '
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Director* aad Emfcalmem »
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
KOW at Sa* MISSION. TeL South 1ST. '
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at.
Finest Equipments at Moderatt Rates.
F J Monahan. Manager. TeL MlsMoo 31.
MONAHAN, P'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
- 2339-2341 Mission rt.. near Nineteenth.
Ban Francisco.
r™J_BM McGinn. Henry Ha— aeav I
JAMES McGINN * CO.. j
Fotmeriy With McGinn Bros.. 1
——Funeral Directors and Embalmed I
214 Eddy at.; TeL Booth W. ' |
I - ROOMS FOB_ HOUSEKEEP^ijfOv^^
I BRYANT 618 — 3 housekeeping rooms; sunny;
I $10. ' - - •¦-- ¦¦ •-• ¦
1 CALIFORNIA 1516 — Newly furnished sunny
alcove suite; kitchen; private. -,
' CALIFORNIA. 1935, near Gough — Unusually
desirable unfurnished rooms; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 3008 — Lovely aunny room for
i, light housekeeping; gas; running water;
• garden; reasonable.
CLAY 1323 — 3 rooms and kitchen; new and
beautifully furnished; vlew;/$30.
I CLAY. 1635, cor. Polk— Two front rooms, with
j use of kitchen. . . ¦
' EDDY 617— Sunny room; running water;
I phone; housekeeping allowed; suitably for
j 1 or 2. .
EDDY, 964 Two large sunny rooms; furnished
completely ¦ for housekeeping; $18.
ELLIS, J 457— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms' suitable for housekeeping; reasona-
ble. '
ELEVENTH, 106 — Two large, aunny front bay-
window and connecting rooma; gaa atove.
FIFTH 264 Sunny houeekeeplng room; stove;
slnk;'porch; for one person; rent $6.
FIFTH 353—2 and 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms. $12 and $13 CO; single. $4 to $6.
' FILLMORE. 615A. near Fell— Sunny front un-
i furnished housekeeping rooms; new; modern.
FRANKLIN 117 — Neat housekeeping rooms,
furnished: 'very aunny; rent reasonable. , !
GOLDEN GATE ave,. 372— 1 lovely furnished
housekeeping room; gaa range; private. j
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 453— Two parlora fur-
nished foT_housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1529, near Bco(t at.—
Floor of 8 or 4 rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent reasonable. Call 10 to 5.
GOUGH 708—2 nice large attlo rooms; run-
nlng water; gaa range; rent $10. ;
HAIGHT 3 2 rooma, front, furnished for
hsekpg:'; folding bed; gaa range; run, water.
HAWTHORNE, 18, off Howard, near Third —
Two large, aunny rooma, alnk, v atove; yard;
cheap. ,
HOWARD. 823 — One large, sunny room, houee-
keeplng; gaa. atove.
HOWARD, 1604 — 2 front rooms, connecting,
complete for housekeeping; private; cheap.
JONES, 118 — 8 sunny baaement houaekeeplne;
i rooms: also others.
i KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1840 Pine—
I Sunny, furnished 8- room \ suites; steam heat-
j ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
¦ LARKIN 613— Three large, light roomsj first
floor; ail conveniences; $22 B0. .
i LARKIN. S04— Large, sunny rooms, 1 or 2 per-
Bona. $6 and $8; alngle room. $4. ¦
i LARKIN, 812B — New, elegant furnlahed
rooma; single and housekeeping; cheapest In ,
'the city. ;
LARKIN 817V4— Nicely furnished aunny front
room; folding bed; gas stove; reasonable.
MARKET, 1802, corner Van Nese ave, — House- '
keeping rooms. :
MARKET. 2098 — Two large well furnished
rooms for housekeeping; $18. • j
McALLISTER. 511 — Two large connecting
rooms for housekeeping^ i
McADLISTER. 538— Sunny 2-room auite; $7,
$12. $15; if as range; hot bath; adulta.
McALLISTER. 903. cor. Laguna, first floor —
One housekeeping roonn large and sunny;
running waten . . !
MISSION, 932V4 — A furnished front room for
housekeeping; stove and running water.
I . ¦
' MISSION. 1433 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms; j
i water and gas; bath. . |
: — i
I 1 MISSION, .2562 — Furnished room In private:
j family. ;
NATOMA, 25 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
I rent reasonable; private family.
I ________________——————-—— -———-—-————• !
, NAfrOMA, 203, cor. Third— Housekeeping
j r*)ms.
OAK, 117— Extra sunny 3-room aulte; $20; 2
rooms $12; single $8; gaa range; adults.
OAK, 094 — Two newly furnished sunny room-;
phone, bath, laundry; no children; $16 60. j
OAK, 1629, on Panhandle— 2 or 8 aunny fur-
nished rooms for houaekpg.; bath, laundry.
O'FARRELL. 1127 — One or two furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; bath; phone.
i , — !
O'FARRELL, 1305— Nicely furnished, aunny
front housekeeping suite; $16. - ¦
PAGE. 278— Three or four furnished aunny
housekeeping rooma.
PINE, 1300. cor. Hyde^ — Sunny baaement; 3
furnished rooms; range; gas atove; yard; $16.
POLK. 1018— Sunny rooms; gaa. bath, phone;
2, $12 month; no objection to children.
POLK. 1402— Bunny housekeeping rooma; gas
and bath free; reasonable. -. . -.-
POST, 726— Lower floor, 3 rooms; gas range,
sink; also single room; housekeeping.
POST, 824 — Handsome parlors, dining-room
and kitchen; 2 single rooms; sunny; modern.
POST. 1394— Spacious sunny rooms, housekeep-
ing;' other rooms; bath, phone; references.
POWELL, 20S — Housekeeping rooms; rent rea-
sonable. " / \
PRIVATE; no children j'nlce front sunny room,
with good home cooking. Box S43. Call.
SANSOME. 625— Light housekeeping rooms to
let. '
SAN JOSE ave., B78 — 3 unfurnished sunny
rooms, with bath, $12. _,
SHOTWELL, 822— Two sunny rooms for light
housekeeping.
SIXTEENTH. 8678 — 8 unfurnished rooms to
let for housekeeping; front and back parlor.
BUTTER. 869 — Nicely furnlahed rooma; light
housekeeping.
SUTTER. 2170^ — 2 or 3 furnlahed rooma; aunny;
houaekeeplng; bath and phone; reasonable.
TATLOR, 004, near Geary — Nice clean sunny
rooms; houaekeeplng; corner house; cheap.
TAYLOR, 612-r-Sunny housekeeping sutte; gas,
bath, every convenience; quiet, respectable
house; central location.
TWELFTH, 145 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping. - ' ~-v; -;i j
TWENTY- SIXTH. 8367 — 2 housekeeping rooms
in the Mission warm belt.
TURK, 816— Parlor floor for housekeeping;
connecting large sunny front rooms for a
number of gentlemen.
VALENCIA. 810 — Two sunny housekeeping
rooms. i ",'; :*.
VALENCIA. 822 — 2 aunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; running water, gas and elec-
trie lights. "
VAN NESS iave., 101— Newly furnished bay-
wlndow sutte; running water, bath; hsekpg.
VAN JKKSS ave., 706 — Front basement auite of
3 rooma; complete for housekeeping; $22.
WEBSTER. 1229, near Eddy— Three very nlce-
ly furnished housekeeping rooms; phone and
' bath. .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received ac
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church »ts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. .
APABTM-5T HOUS-g. ¦
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
.1084 SUTTER ST.. N& COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished: $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now. .
ST.CECILE. 115 Fell.above Van Ness ave.*— The
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments. with private baths,
steam heat, electric light, elevator, gas ranges;
»30. $35, $37. $40, $45. $47 CO. $50. $55.
DESIRABLE 4 and 5 room apartments; fur-
nished or unfurnished; references. Haddon
Hall. 951 Eddy St., near Franklin. ;
ST. LOUIS.: 1575 Jacksqn at. — Modern 3-4-5
roorna; furn. or unfurn. ; refs. Tel. East 1350.
ADVERTISEMENTS,^ subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
APA-tTMgHTS WAKTBP.
4-ROOM apartment wanted, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping. Addrees • box 165,
Cali office. ¦
WANTED — An apartment of 3 furnished rooms
>.• for . housekeeping, v Box 1P8. Call office.
BOOMS TO LET-—JFtirn. w-d Cnfara. '
A— BRUNSWICK Heuse. 148 Sixth at.— Rooms
25c to $1 per. night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
'AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. . fl. $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week: house open all night. ¦
"ALDINE," 404 Turk— Sunny rooms, $10 and,
$13 month; one ?0; running water in all.' .
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~"~~
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no <Jib.ippointmen.ts.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Ectatea. second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased. '-*
Courteous treatment. Strictly confident!*!.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHT.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY. OAKLAND,
TOWN and COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estate: in probate, undi-
vided interests In real estate, property In
trust: loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
CROCKER BUILDING.
POST AND MARKET STS. ,
WILL LOAN
\ X reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, towa
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Csll office.
LOWEST BANK RATE.
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates In probate, undivided interest in
estates, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of interest. ¦*
RIVERS BROS., 206 Montgomery at.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge cir employer or
anyone- ccnfldenllal and courteous treatment:
call and set terms. Drake, 453 Parrotf bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairect rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 68 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market at.
j HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 3
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
646 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
I MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins •
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton :phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer- j
chants, teamsters, bcardlng-houaea. without ¦
security; easy payments; large business in ;
44 principal cities. Tolrcan. C53 Parrott bid.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
ct. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry end valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commission ;lnstallraents accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; ao publicity; $23 up; quick.
quiet, 26 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan en low lntereet; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
6TAR Loan Co. of Wyoming leans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.: Oakland office. 1103^ Brdwy.. suite 1-S.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant arau.
LOANS FROM $1 TO 110.000. j
i — >
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dcrsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg. ;
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security, a. F.
Discount Agency, 142 Phelan bldg.
i MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages.
j life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
1 ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. P. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
1 1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market at.
1H per cent on furniture and pianos; no com,
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bldg.. Ex. ent,
CASH loaned tAlarled people on notes without
indor-er. MORELL. BOO Examiner building.
MOXEY WASTED.
WANTED— $2000; one or two years. Box 95,
Call office.
«__-»____-_________-__»_-_-__-_--»_——_—_——_— —i
i M . I _. S . I . < ? A . L .. I A S ."\V- 3 !H^?:
I A SENSATIONAL fire — Storage pianos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and burned if not sold in a few days; this
m«-ans storaee pianos and furniture almost
theai>er than fire wood, anil must be re-
moved. "U'hitehead's Storage, 1630 Market.
i PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
ar.d best dock in San Francisco to aelect
frcna; pianos frcna $30 upward; our line the
best our prices the lowest. SCOTT CVRTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes •_
HUNTING is cur specialty; $3 up; apply en
purchase; installments $4 up. HEINB
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Ueary at.; Oakland. 1222
Broadway.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
1-5; uprights. (100 up; organs. $23. BYRON
MAUZY. 303 Poet st.
A 15-KEY clarinet. Including Lazerus system;
in good condition; $12 50. Box 10». Call.
A BEAUTIFUL Steinway upright grand, as
gcod as new; cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
:
] WANTED— Second-hand sewing machine. Box
3«J5. Cail office.
$165— STEINWAY. upright: private party: no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Checkering baby grand;
Ehoninger. little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
EOHMER. Byron Maury pianos. Ceciltan piano
rlayer. BYRON MAUZY. SOS-212 Post st.
PKOJ'OS.1LS.
PROPOSALS— BIDS WANTED— Notice is
hereby given that sealed proposals will be
received by tJbe board of directors of the
Veterans' Home of California, at its office,
room 13, 2~'i Sansome st., . San Francisco.
Cal., up to 11 o'clock a. m., Saturday, June
4, ISO!, and opened immediately thereafter
in the presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering quartermaster and commis-
sary supplies, etc., for the Veterans' Home,
Napa Cuunty, Calif orala (railroad station
Yountvillej, f. o b. for six months, com-
mencing July 1, 1004, and ending December
31, lk.'-t. Schedules with Information and in-
structions for submitting bids will be fur-
nished upon application by the undersigned.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
cl the schedules, and no bid will be consid-
ered unless It is In accordance with such
schedules. Bids on tea, coffee and sugar
must be made on samples submitted.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well-known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to C.
Mason Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that
tli« bidder will enter into a good and valid :
contract upon notice of accept— nee, aa re-
quired by Jaw. The board reservea the right
to reject any or all bids and to order any
quantity over or under the amount of spec-
ified. Address John F. Sheehan, secretary of
the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, room IS, 820 Sansome
St., San Francisco. Cal. By order of the
board of directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN.
Secretary.
NOTICE to bidders — Sealed proposals will be
received until June 21, 1904, at 7:30 o'clock
p. m., by the Council of the City of Eureka
for $5000 4% per cent Forest Park Improve-
ment bonds; $100,000 4% per cent City Hall
bonds; $15,000 4»/i per cent fire apparatus
purchase bonds, and $35,000 4H per cent
sewer completion bonds, issued by the city
of Eureka under the act of the Legislature
of the State of California of February 25,
1901 (Statutes 1901, page 27). They will be In
denomination as follows: Forest Park im-
provement bonds, $125; City Hall . bonds,
$500; fire apparatus purchase bonds. $375,
and sewer completion bonds, $£75; said bonds
will be dated on or after July 1, 1804. Prin-
cipal and Interest payable at the office of
the City Treasurer of the city of Eureka.
Interest payable semi-annually, one-fortieth
of principal payable annually', all In United
States cold coin. All bids must be accompa-
nied by# a certified check for 5 per cent of
the bid payable to the Mayor of the city of
Eureka, State of California. The city of
Eureka contains a population of 11,000, as-
sessed valuation $5,800,000. with present
bonded indebtedness of $109,250. Incurred In
1902. -J. P. WUNDERLICH. City Clerk.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks,
Wash. April 27, 1904. — Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be received here- until 11
o'clock a. m.. May 26. 1904, for furnishing
fuel at military poets in this department for
fiscal year commencing July 1. 1904. Infor-
mation furnished here or by quartermasters
at pests. U. 8. reserves the righ't • to reject
cr accept any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked: \"Propo*als for Fuel
at .*' addressed F. G. Hodgson. C Q. M.
LEGAL AD VIMITIM-MU.VTS.
NOTICE — Office of Insurance Commissioner.
San Francisco, Cal., May 11, 1904— Having
ascertained that the capital stock of the
Union Surety and Guaranty Company has
become impaired, jsnd that aald company has
become insolvent the true Intent and
meaning of the Insurance laws of the State
of California. I have thla day revoked its
certificate of authority, previously granted,
as provided In section 600 of the Political
Code, and notice la hereby given that said '
company la no longer authorized to transact
the business of insurance within this State.
K. MYRON WOLF. Insurance Comminsloner.
' '". ' gPECIALISTa. ~~
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
meat free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 gutter at.
SALE.
UOILERS. engines, Sd-hand michlae— r. McIN-
I_ TOSH &. WQLPMAN. 105-11/7 Fremont at
COWS. COWS. COWS.
15 fresh milk cows for aale; must be sold
ifteardless of price; some thofjughbred Jer-
,*ey*. gome llolsteins and some Durhams; this
I* the best lot of milk cows ever offered lor
e*.le in s«n Francisco. Inquire SAM AK-
TJSRGL'T. 4301 Mission et, corner Silver
a*e. ; rhone White 10-6.
STANDARD o'.l rip. Sully equipped, and 1600
fe^t of casing. 11 S in. to 7^» in.; also 1600
loct cr 8 and 6 inch drive pipe. Apply for
particulars UA1TEY & MAHON. 605 Call-
--.•r»la »t.
* DOlfs YOLK H'Mr L.KAK?
Repair It with in rolls easy to lay;
r.e«><i»> no ;.-.-.:. i::.t; or coatiog: gocd over oil
lien, tin or fhincie-; beot for new roofs.
ELATKKtTg liOOfiXG CO.. 713 Market st
HJ-UAMD machinery .nglnes. boilers, pumps,
«. puUeya. *haft:ni:. etc.. etc.. bought, eoid.
. rr.ted acj rxch-nred; *ee Sunday papers.
I|. S WHITE MCHY. CO.. HO- 132 Beale st
t/ASXT your <id and c«w met— I and shingle
roefs with Asb*Ftos Roof Palnti. guaranteed
to stop oil leaks In the one and preserve t_e
Kntw. St« Frcst St.: tel. Main 1428'
WE have a con*!cmnent of 4000 i/ninda all
wool ».'.anket* end will i»ll them 25 per cent
Uta ti:an mill i>rice to make quick returns.
Western M:r. Asency, 916 Market at.
FOR eale — SiereopUoon machine, with elactrto
and acetylene attachments; also 2000 feet of
film; price |5<.t. Apply 2746 "Garber at..
* Berkeley. .;•'
A— FINE cults, 97 50; dress pants, 92 CO. Orig-
inal MiFfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
* utr Bueh: open to 9 r»- rn.. Sunday to nooa.
A — BUYS, pelts or rents gear machinery, en-
' rlnee boilers, water pipe, chaftlnr. pulleys,
?tc. WHITELAW, 253-255 tpear at.
FOU sale — Cal. motor bicycle, first-class order,
or exchange for a second-hand piano. Inquire
at .13 Welch st.. near Bryant off Fourth.
GENT'S full dre-s. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
«u!t* to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS..
• 25 fitcckton at
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
amall weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton at.
J. COOPER, genfa full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton
• et.. upstairs.
ALTERATION eale— Best 92 50 hats. 91 £•©¦
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st. near
Plae; open to 9 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY cur men'a shoes at $1 end 9150 pair;
foot-form shoes at 92 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
TOR *al* — Spitz poppies; males, $5 each; fe-
male, 93- Apply any morning after Sunday.
4086 Twenty- fifth ft.
PIPE— Second-has- ; 8. 4 and « Inch.; good
condition- brass aad Iron fittings, all elxea.
THOMPSON. *0 Main tt.
TOR *&1* — White yaw] rowbo-t, 19 ft long.
¦mth ra'.lt: good condition; a bargain. Box
SC2. Call office.
TOh »s.!e — One po-cart good as new; will trade
for folding go-cart. GEORGE CHANDLER,
1743 Hayes at
. FOR aale — 3 horsepower gsjw'.lne engine; 7000
gallon t_rk; pipe complete. P. O. box 303,
Berkeley.
FT-rt rale — Cll barrels, drums and tanks.
GEO. PARTRIDGE & CO.. 123 California ft.
A FINE yiiver Courtis cornet; rood as new.
„ DETTXETt. 414 Hoffman ave.
ELASTIC fr.ck'.r.pf: $2. Factory, 40 Ellis St.
F<5K 6a.le — Camera Universal, 6%xS^i: com-
plete. HARRIS. 116 Cth. rm. 6; evenings 6-7.
>XiK ra!e— I.iTK^ heatinc stove; also 50-gaI.
iron tank Srtth faucet: cheap. I5ox 27C. Ca.ll.
GAS o-Tr-.n^F. C horsepower. Bay City Iron
*. Work?. < 'ak'.and.
MI'fT r*>;i at oooe; branch V>akery; been asking
>^:~; win 1 offer. 1TO Kowani st.
; RELL "The \V:1 of ms": price 10c. Her-
DM UC Iiojk Concern. T»09 Van N«s ave.
THIRTY:'fv>OT yacht for sale. WILLIAM H.
::• '.-i;. ":<14 Laguna et.
Fl 'i: «t!e — A fine Rove; suitable for laundry
•~>f. Inquire Et -'71'.' gush st. ;
FOR «ale— Elegant 'i"-l!plit bath cabinet; rea-
. scsftbl*. K'.ec.ric Works, 227 Ellis st.
iC&M SAWMILL engine cheap; 175 hp.
. SWEEXET. 83 Fremont st.
PZB£T-CLA£S robber-tire baby carriage for
¦ale; cheap. <j*'7 Eddy et.
<jOL! ' ohiin v.-^-eht 4* ponnj weight ; cost $50;
tale price "411 Turk st.
y ,}-: Sj y — Tvj.«?writer in rood order. F. RUN-
yan. j::::s bl
FOB aal< — A cor*! upright piano; German
maJi< ; ci-eaj*. Apply 1104 Harrison Et.
ALL ksr.ds new & 2d-handl pas & coal stoves;
cat-h or in.-ta liraents. 4-12 Van Ness ave.
NATIONAL. -M_i register; pood as new; cheap.
SCI Turk 6t.
CHICKS. 10c eaxh. .*i»33 Twecty-thlrd St., cor.
X'*, cr inquire frrocery.
FOR eale — Great ;¦.::.. i-ups. 4 months. ©40
tjtanyan st.
MOTORCYCLE for rale: Etandard make; first-
clas* condition. Box 202, Call office.
UNI'KKWOOD typewriter; Uttto used; a bar-
g_in. Room _l/4. Call bulldirig.
2-INCH Sirarer buttonhole machine. Stewart's
Plea 11 ns Factory, 110 Taylor st-
PARROXS for Mle cheap. GEORGE NICHOLS.
Fruitvale Postoffice.
• FINE St. Bernard dog for eale cheap. 906
Thirty-ninth St., near Adeline. Oakland.
TENTS for r*-nt or ea!e.' ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO.,33 Mkt.Tel.Bush SS8.
BP.ITANNICA i:ncyci<y>a*?dia, latest edition. 31
x-o1e. KING'S, tl MT-AUiJ-tcr **•• nr - Market.
LAUNCH: half cabin; n»w Racine engine. Ad-
£:•*¦¦ 1435 Park at.. Alameda.
PIGEONS— All the leading varieties; stamp for
Catalogue. C. WILSON, office 223 Stevenson.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Baclgaiupl.
moved to 7&6 Mission st.
EECOND-HAND safe*. $55; 60-lnch desk. $27.
* RICHARDSON EROS.. 1816 Market St.
ROUND camping tents for eale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 219 Third at.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on -econd-hand typewritera: all
n-.akes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg-y.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. 603 liayward bldr.
EAFES and cash registers, new and aecond-
riand. I. FREEMAN. 1323 Market rt.
SOME good second-har.d gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheep. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
EAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 3P7 Battery «t-
MOVING picture;, magic lanterna, ule, rent*!;
bargains, pullard & Breck. 131 Post etc
SAFES — New e.nd eeeond-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market et.
CAROLINE t nglnes. automobiles and launches:
¦ II »i»*» J V.. POAIT 4* Fromrnt «t.
«isrKi.i.*>r.oi:s waxts.
GOOD sourvJ family hone; must have certain
amount of style and combination of driving
and ri<Mr.jj preferred. AdCreys with fuJl par-
ticular?. A. S. KING, 6C_ Walsworth, Oak!d.
I3IG prices paid for eld sold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress cults etc.; send
postaJ oarll. LICHTEXSTEIN BROS.. 25
" Btocktor »t. N
A TEAM of horse*, light wagon and harness
wanted <or • campin; purposes; state price.
Box 118. Call office.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladies' and
tents' cattoff clothing; poetal. 943 Folsom.
MIRRORS to re-liver at 2221^ Pine st.
WANTED — Sfcor.d-hand dynamo. 80 to 100
lipht capacity. T. J. DUNN & CO.. 1312 Mkt.
A FOOTPOWER Krrew-cutting lathe; give
price and swing. 1034 Folsom st.
WANTED — Set-ond-hand baby buggy. Addret-s
or call C73 M!s#Ion et.
WANTED — Thoroughbred dasefcund. Call 2
p. m.. 1901 Mission et.
GOOD Feoond-hand dentist's cabinet. Cox 16,
Call office.
HIGHEST price paid rcr cas-toff clothing. TeL
Davis S_S; CiO Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good Fecond-haud clothing and
theatrical (roods. 134 :>th »t_: tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought. «>ld and; exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission; phone Bush 467.
EJ1OES wanted: misfit A castoff; highest prc».;
rfir f- ?A-h»*A rh~— *r.v «-»1> 740 Wl«»jon.
MTSICAL. IXSTHUCTIOX.
o PIANIST and experienced teacher, harmony,
etc. W. H. LIPSCOMBE. C20 Van Ness ave.
OFFICE* AMI SI OKK* TO LET.
STORE. 4~lTvtng rooms; rent $x£ Twelfth
_nd Bernice.
LARKIK, 41& — Basement suitable shoemaker,
paint chop, upboletcrer, eeeond-hand store.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and I'nfnrn.
HOTEL BEX.
242 TURK ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
PHONE PRIV. EX. 660.
NEW FIRE-PROOF BUILDINQ. ".•?¦*
158 ROOMS: ELEGANTLY FUR-
NISHED SUNNY SUITS. WITH
PRIVATE BATH: ALSO SINGLE
ROOMS : - THOROUGHLY MOD-
ERN AND UP TO DATE: TELE-
PHONES IN ALL ROOMS; ELEC- -
TRIC LIGHTS; STEAM HEAT.
ELEVATOR SERVICE DAY AND NIGHT.
SPECIAL RATES TO TOURISTS
AND TRAVELING SALESMEN. :
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
116 AND 117 EDDY 8T.
116 AND 117 EDDY 8T.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS; ' BTEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH BATH. 91 50 TO 92 CO PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS, 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY 'AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 104-1.
ASHWORTH HOTEL.
820 Mason at., bet Geary and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Juet completed;' entire bouse
newly renovated; sun In rooms all day. -.*,•".
BRYANT, 770—1 large front and 1 back room;
sunny; bath. - .^:. :¦•
BUCHANAN, 847— Front sunny alcove and
kitchen; bath and phone; rent reasonable.
BUCHANAN. 1410— Furnished rooma to let.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1864)— Fur-
nished rooma, auite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 502— Newly furnished rooma; aulte or
single; with or without board; reasonable.
_____ a
BUSH, 615 — Furnished room. •
BUSH, 808— Sunny alcove room tor two; also
single room: references.
BUSH. 819— Room to let In private family.
BU8H. 1183—2 furnished rooma; hot and cold
baths.
CALIFORNIA. 1331 H— Two neatly furnished
rooms; gas and bath.
CLAY. 1006^ — Furnished rooma to let; back or
aunny front room.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 11 — A large sunny front room; also
others.
EDDY. 722, bet Polk and Van Nesa ave. —
Newly furnished minny room; hot and cold
water, bath, telephone: reasonable.
EDDY. 824 — 3 connecting aunny parlors; will
be fitted to auit gentlemen or a professional.
EDDY, 879 — Newly furnished and partly fur-
nished sunny cor. rooms; centrally located.
EIGHTH, 10 H — front room; also bedroom and
kitchen. ,
ELEVENTH, 230 — Sunny single rooms, 95 and
96 a month; quiet bouse. ¦ -
ELLIS." 655A— Nicely furnished front parior i
room. $15 per month.
ELLIS, 835— Single room, folding-bed. 95.
ELLIS. 1052— Beautiful furnished room; $10
month.
FELL, 110— Furnished rooma to let
FELL. 490— Pleasant unfurnished rooms, single
or en suite; employed ladles; evenings only.
FIFTH, 144 — Nice bay window rooms, also
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable,
FILLMORE/ 923. near McAllister— A nice
eunny furnished room; lady pref.; reaa.
FILLMORE, 1722— To let; one furnished sunny
front room.
FOLSOM, 64, — A sunny furnished room.
FOLSOM, 754 — Nice, larre, sunny front room,
suitable for two gents or couple; also house-
keeping room. ¦ / .
FOLSOM, 813—2 neatly furnished front rooms;
double and single.
FOLSOM, 1220 — Nloe light sunny rooms; from
91 a week up. .
FRANKLIN, 421— A nice sunny front room
' for one or two rentlemen.
FRANKLIN. 42S— Furnlahed rooms.
FRANKLIN. 721. near Golden Gate ave—
Sunny furnished front room; 97 50; all con-
veniences. •
FULTON, 823— Nicely furnished rooms.
GEARY, 419 — A nicely furnished front room.
GEARY, 679 — Newly furnished front room in
private family for gentleman; 910. -
GEARY, S64 — Elegant sunny front and back
parlor; suitable for 2 or 3 gentlemen.
GEARY, 1419 — Elegant furnished front room
for rent
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to 91 -Slight; $1 60 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GROVE, j 1426 — Furnished room to let.
HAIGHT, 920 — Handsomely furnished sunny
alcove front room. .
HAMPTON place, 6, oft Folsora, near Third-
Sunny bay-window flat 3 rooms and bath;
rent $12. f • ..
HARRISON. 784%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; 91 week up.
HARRISON. 830% — Coxy small room for work-
ing man; newly furnished; 93 per month.
HARTFORD, 163 — For rent, 3 aunny basement
. rooms. ; .
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellla — Elegantly fur-
. nlshed suites and single rooma. "
HOWARD. 844B — Two elegant - unfurnished
rooma for rent. 'vWV.
HOWARD. 1088— Nice room, to let.
HOWARD, 2400. corner Twentieths — Large,
sunny, furnished bedroom; large garden.
HYDE. 407 A — Sunny front room; reasonable;
, one or two gentlemen; outside room. •
HYDE, 1026— Nice large room; gas; bath; $8;
aunny; furnished.
JESSIE. 303, east U. S. Mint— Furnished room,
$5; large for 2 men. $8 per month.
JESSIE. 883 — Furnished room to let -
JONES. 1004— Elegantly furnished-front room,
running water, large closet; low rent for
summer.
LARKIN.' -2L— Furnished rooma to let.
LEAVENWORTH. 7118A — Bunny furnlahed
rooma. Phone Larkln 4739.
LILY ave.. 308%.* near Laguna at.— Ta let,
aunny front for working girl.
MASON. 1415 — Furnished room for rent.
MARKET. 1032— A very reasonable price; 2
or 3 housekeeping rooms.
MARKET, 1654— Furnished rooms to let
MARTHA place, 3, off Geary, near Mason—
Sunny - hall room to let, $7 month.
MASON, 406 — Housekeeping rooms.' $10; single
rooms, "55.
McALLISTER, 611 — Sunny furnished rooms;
gas and ¦ running water.
McALLISTER. 1342— Suit or single, breakfaat
if desired; bath; phone Page 104.
McALLISTER, 1816 — 3 unfurnished rooms:;
housekeeping. . ¦ . ,
MINNA, 241 — Furnished rooms. '.
MISSION. 91314— Furnished room, $7 month;
upper bell. .
MISSION. 1063 — Sunny front room, suitable for
n2; all modern. conveniences: gentleman pref.
MISSION. 1207 — 2 swntlemen for sunny room;
1 no objection to violin.
MISSION, 1917— Wanted, desirable roomera for
elegant sunny rooma.
MISSION. 2245-^-Large aunny rooma with bath;
reasonable. , * '• ; ¦
MISSION. 2502— Nicely furnished room to let
In private' family. :
MISSION.^ 2562— Furnished room In private
family. r • • — -
MISSOURI.. 808 — Room to let.
NATOMA. 460%— Nice room; private family;
for gentleman*OAKL.AJ»*D, May 21. — James H.
Boyer. an attorney, was arrested to
day on a charge* of criminal libel, the
complainant being Constable H. T.
Hempstead. Boyer wrote a letter to
Justice James G. Quinn, accusing
Hempstead, it is alleged, of stealing
money belonging to one of Boyer*s
•clients.
Attorney Boyer Arrested.
OAKLAND, May 21. — Maria T. Pe
reira, secretary of Oakland Council
No. 1, Portuguese Union of California,
¦was acquitted in the Police Court to
day by Justice of the Peace James G.
Qulnn of the charge of unlawfully
withholding books of the corporation.
The court ruled that technically the
defendant was not an officer of the
corporation.
Secretary Pereira Acquitted.
BUFFALO, May 21.— Colonel Theo
dore A. liingham. United States en
gineers, whose leg was amputated yes
terday, was reported to-day as slightly
improved. Dr. Gaj'— <\ faid that Col
onel Bingham Is not out of danger, but
that if he lived three or four days he
woutd have a fair chance for recovery.
Consul Bingham May Recover.
Emil Engelcke, United States im
migrant inspector in charge at San
Diego, is visiting in this city.
Lieutenant Rene Bouchard of the
French navy arrived here yesterday on
the steamship Mariposa from Tahiti
and is registered at the Occidental.
William Alberger, chief clerk of the
Santa Fe road, returned yesterday
from a visit to Tahiti on the steamship
Mariposa.
Rev. Sebastian Dabovich of the
Greek-Russian Cathedral has started
for Europe, where he will'' spend his
vacation in touring the Continent.
G. Mario B. de Acevedo of Mexico
is registered at the Palace.
William Beckman, a well known
banker of Sacramento, is at the Grand.
William P. Hammon, head of the
big dredging enterprise near Oroville,
is at the Palace.
PERSONAL.
OAKLAXD. May 21.— The funeral
of the late J. B. Hume took place to
day, services being held both at his
home in Lorin and in the First Pres
byterian Church, Oakland.
Many friends were present and the
handsome floral offerings attested the
regard in which Mr. Hume was held
by those who knew him. There were
nearly half a hundred from the great
corporation of Wells, Fargo & Co., by
which he was employed for so many
yf;ars. George C. Clark, general agent
of the company; J. C. Tice. assistant
general. agent; Y. C. Lawton, general
arfditor; A- S. Bunnell, assistant gen
eral auditor; Captain Martin and De
tective Gibson of the San Francisco
Pdlice Department; John Ferrin of
the detective department of the Oak
land Transit Company; Chief of Po
lice Hodgkins and Captain Wilson of
the Oakland Police Department and
many others were among those who
testified by their presence their re-
Erard for the famous detective.
The services at the house were sim
ple. They were conducted by Rev. R.
S. Eastman of the South Berkeley
Presbyterian Church. The services at
the Oakland church were conducted
by Rev. E. E. Baker, the pastor.
The honorary pall bearers, chosen
from among Mr. Hume's old friends,
•were S. D. Brastow, Stephen T. Gage,
-J. N. Thacker. D. W. Standeford!
Alexander Martin, Wales Palmer, S.
W. Chubbock and George B. Crandall!
The active pall bearers were R. W.
KInney. J. J. White. George Clark, J.
II. Wright, E. T. Harms and Walter
Woolsey.
WELL KNOWN DETECTIVE
IS BURIED WITH IIOX6r
Thus far 7702 votes have been cast,
with the following result: Margaret
Alexander, James G. Elaine Circle,
2323; Tessie Vahey, Xew Century
Circle, IS 97; Sadie Tucker, Excelsior
Circle, 1269; Maude Adams, Martha
Washington Circle, 1013; Helen Vic
torson. Bay City Circle, 1007: Marie
.Zahn, Mizpah Circle. 355; Kathrine
Geruch, Golden Era Circle, 254; Ada
London. Live Oak Circle, 45, and
Agnes McLeod, Bonita Circle, 19.
The carnival will open on June 4
and continue until June 12. Enter
tainment will be furnished by a com
pany aggregating about 500 people. It
Is intended to introduce a number of
novel features. On the evening of
the opening there is to be a street
parade, in which the queen and her
maids of honor will take part. At a
meeting of the general committee of
Foresters last Friday A. Joost of Court
El Dorado Xo. 31 was chosen grand
marshal of the parade.
There is considerable excitement In
the Order of Foresters of America at
this time in relation to the selection
of a queen for the carnival that is to
open early next month at the corner
of Market and Eleventh streets in aid
of the San Francisco relief commit
tee of that organization. There are
ten candidates, selected from several
of the local circles of the Companions
of the Forest of America and each
circle Is working to have its particular
candidate elected.
fen Young; Ladles Striving to Wear a
Gilt Crown at the Foresters'
Carnival.
MANY ARE AXXIOUS
FOR THE REGAL HOXORS
"With the sangfroid of his profes
sion he admits his loss, but as he
1'rtzed the pin as a gift more than for
its Intrinsic value, he will try to re
cover It
In the twist of a twinkle the bril
liant gem disappeared from the cravat
of its owner shortly after 8 o'clock last
night. At the -time Harvey thought
he had been "touched" for his watch.
The watch was in its customary place
and when he felt for It and found it
safe he grave no thougrht of his other
valuables until he arrived at his des
r tlnation and then discovered his loss.
Harvey's -home is at 730 Franklin
street and in coming: downtown he
usually takes a Turk-street car. He
dld'so last niffht. The car was crowd
ed and as it reached the Turk-street
Temple two men jostled Harvey under
the-- pretense of wishing to get out of
the car. By the manner of the men
his suspicions were aroused and he
'instinctively felt for his watch. Find
ing it In its place he proceeded on his
way.
When he discovered the loss of his
valuable pin he telephoned to his
home to ascertain whether or not he
had left It on his dressing case, but
being assured by his wife that he had
the pin on when he left home he ac
cepted the Inevitable and realized he
had been robbed.
Joe Harvey, the man vrho Is known
from one extremity of the Pacific
Coast to the other as the most tena
litfus knight of the green cloth and
riaker of horse racing books, Is out a
$12.00 diamond pin, which he prized as
a gift from the late Charles L. Fair.
Victim Thought His Watch
Was Being Taken When
Men Believed Him of Gem
JEWEL QUITE VALUABLE
Well Known Sporting Han
Is Bobbed While in Crowd
on a Turk-Street Car
HARVEY LOSES
DIAMOND PIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 22, 1901.
48
"1 This is the day— this is the week— this is the month—^triple interest at Hale's P
1892 1 Embroideries: Chief est of All 1 1904
12 Years ,AgO To- Day Bigger savings titan ever on the choicest, most useful kinds of the season. It's an embroidery outpouring we have been holding PeqUOt Sheets 69c
We Opened This ¦ back for this last week with which to top off the Anniversary. The pieces are fresh and new,-with not a poor, cheap yard to our And Other as Interesting Items
Store ' knowledge. The edges are all well- made, with no loose string or threads. There are sets and patterns in one you may match with f or This Final Week.
•^ * w t. steps 00 c s u me wider ones in the other: lots. ' , "
side of the street (No. 937), where Who doesn t know a pe-
m V^Jr rc r, h n^«- • Tbese.atlOc These at 12k . These at 18c ' Te^J^ *£*&
fM||is|ers| and FoliaSfe Great Offering: Silverware %Sra»c««.
readv /¦ • • <^- <-^ Bleached; prices to make yoa
• . 3600 Bunches; All New and Fresh. The Season's Best Patterns. ' Involving About $1500. . want them quick. t
Still some of those special Every Imaginable Color and Kind, to Sell at a Heavy Loss. . All coveted pieces; it's their character and quality of which I7Cf IOC
Cllt-nia<TC Offerino-Q Fine French flowers, June roses, silk and velvet flowers jve are proudest: Tea 'spoons, dessert spoons, dessert forks, cavy and ROod A e f come
t • ,. V • u a Unerin P and foliages that would otherwise be 50c to $175 aj* marked 9 c, berry spoons, sugar tongs, butter knives, sugar shells, butter off^ d^ d d n g o T' tha A t £t ™
It s all the rich American cut glass IQC> 25c . , none higher than 35c. ' • .* spreaders, cream ladles, fancy and plain handles. hard to find a true value in pillow
y^wS^deK^i^^^ A t«y wholesale firm is going to move. They let us have In fact, many partly sold lines of cases^ They're unbleached, the or-
them for so little money. what they had on hand. y JenniHesand RoSTerS QoodS AbOUt Half Price Several oWlines of pillow cases
25c— Salts and peppers, prism cut. 9c— Rose roHagres. 20 leaves to the bunch. 35c— Elegant French branched flowers. viimug^ <X\\\A I\^ cia UUUUSrtUU.Ul 1 1CII1 FUWV v
two styles and shapes, with 2-toned; daisy wreaths, June roses. so complete one would hardly need 50c butter knives at ?>5C. Table forks sets of 6 $150 '
sJiape; regular $2.25 value. yellow, tea. white and hundreds of $1.00 and 5i-25- . • spoon holders at $1.25. LrOOO W nue oneets.
$2.85— Jelly dishes, round, shallow. °J h £ r kinds; worth 50c; all to go ¦ Other Millinerv 5oc sugar shells at 25c. Cake baskets $2.50. Two double sizes to sell at 49c
deeply cut. well polished; value foiiaReg W^ dozens ' of styles; 85c sugar tongs at 5? c Nut and fruit bowls $.,.7*. and 54c . u .u ¦
53.IO Celery trays, large 11 In. poppies, velvet forget-me-nots, this- black and white. lable spoons, sets of 6, $1.50. Rogers spoons and forks. IO47' lne one is 72X00; the Other IS
size; value $5.00. } les - June roses, large fruit sprays. Hand-made hats. 95c; of the best straw Butter dish, butter drain and knife brand, sets of 6, $1.75 '» regular value, 8lxOO.
$2.35 — Sugar-and-creamer sets, with large bqnehes of soft-stemmed flow- braids: no two alike: ndt one that re st, $I.«5O. $•» =;¦; Good nualitv muslin with a
allover cuttings, deep and per- ers = worth 75c and $1.00; all to go . isn't worth twice what we'll ask. ' * 3 *-s5- . yoo a quality musim, witn a
feet, large and massive In de- __ now at 19c. More straw braids. 5c; all good colors. They re all the well-known 5-oz. goods, quadruple silver-plated, such SOIt nnjsn » so aixterent trom tne
sign, even cut handles; value a5c ~^ Fine 'French roses, both velvet and Ready-to-wear hats. $2.95; the very top as it is always safe to buy. While you are at the silverware counter to- ordinary low priced sheet that is
15 00 mousseilne, velvet violets, silk pop- notch of handmade oncs, one of a a *. » .1 • ant tn h* rr>ar«*> unA sla^v af th\*
jaii-Berry bowls. 7 In. deep, per- Pies; values up to $1.50; all at 25c. kind, that ordinarily sell for $6.00. morr o w we want you to see some other things: »pt to be coarse and slazy at tnis
feet cuttings; regular $3 75 ones. Silver-plated tea spoons, sets of 6, Candlesticks, silver gray finish, 2 c * . nna i: tv nn h\t>*ch*>A-
$3.95 — Berry bowls, beautiful deep /^t j -j W"X. r ™» '" < • onnc enr iame quality unoieacnea.
bowl. 8 In. across; worth regu- I I II«/^C*C B V **U-^J~% f ! 7SC * v arms, 50c. 72x90 — 46c 8lxCjO — 49c.
larly $1^0. L J 8 B I fl I | | g JTtfrHrH 1 If ¦¦ Sft I ~ • 1? j- 1- -l t. • -j Sterling sih^er souvenir spoons, ra=htT^r«- fim'shrrf sheet^ for
VV/HU11 L' 1^^^ KJ.VJ\J\*M.& Fern d.shes, with pot on the inside, with views of the Cliff House> special cam p er T; three sizef:
WnrnPti'dlnHprnpaf Hasn't this been a great mo,ntlr in wash roods?,' 5 ° C ' r>\ -c t PT -T' ? C '-u 4 £ • >u 34c-54^9o 380-63x90.
women S Underwear „ , , , , , „,. r, . But if you are looking for an ideal gift dont miss these ' 430—72x90—.
Thic w . pl ii very week has brought a new record. 1 his week the climax. . A '*i/\f-/\ Cases to match them— nc.
111111 k 30 N C t ?^ Ck n M t er^ riZ ? d liiiiWI^Siiiili BedsprlidsPSc
Ihis must be a great week. Not a light weight, not a cheap quality, not a poor black (a deep, rich. ing their new s h ape s; ordinarily they sell for a great deal more than ~ * hat *" an y women will want
Kot a Stone has been left un- flossy one); a sateen that cant be had regularly under 30c. These mill $1050 when they sec how heavy they
turned lengths are just in to sell at a price to-morrow; 8 to 12 yards each. And ' ' are, what good patterns they have
' ~ of course we'll. cut them any length vou desire. and how much money they save.
5OC Garments at 39c. Iff** Cotton. voiles; white erounds Lawns and embroidered Swisses. /%/! _ T* "¦_ _ „ _ \ J • f _ it} fl jf\f\ Big enough for large beds (76x87
Vests and pants— Soft white cot- lvrv with colored and embroidered three different lines, valued at 12c, /YftfBB t* 1 Bl IB V lf)l 1 r* -rei I 01 I in >
*%**£ ?» ? &B $* a £ edl ™ ed . lum dots; 2OC quality. • 15c and 25c, to go out Mon- m^ **»V^I -¦¦ 1J1\-^4^V/ T Ufi IViJ V^li VfVf a crochet spread. $1.40. also an
weight vests with high necks, lone ~*v » . , , . j * "" Illf* • . »tra > not onlv in Drice but in
sleeves, gusseted arms? silk shell fln- 20C A dr ™ s madras; -plain, navy, day at , IUO . . : . wVl?ht and 81^(83x90). with
ishing down the front The pants are -** vv tan, blue- and black grounds, Madrases, plain colors, with checks, 1 ney do go. bucll beauty, SUCh Sheerness, SUCh dressiness IS nne heavy Marseilles patterns.
li n zes%or n a e iir'4. sand 6 Saleen bands: with embroidered .dots, and some plaids and stripes, 27 inches wide, as sure to catch the fancy as can be. And such a price is sure to
25c Vests at i 9 e. 30c m Thre;%tre S noveltie S .marked tZ IOC catch the purse. $1.00 instead of $^| The latest shades. The Art Section
Swiss ribbed, white cotton, low ° down from 40c and 50c. "The Other madrases just in, as pretty A sister to the voile is this silk-and-wool eolienne, suggestive With Its Final Anniversary
S€,HKHH3 iS|ill|iliS illl SHiS f - P-tty su^er costun,e, 4 , inches wide; ai,- the new shade, Si
tionai for i9c. patterns. ] \£>z\f It, too, is worth $1.25, but marked ?i. oo. Never so tempting.
Light Weight Union Suits 50c. g^ g^ ". ~ r ~^^ 1H 9 1 Turnover collars, stamped,
hlS^k^^^i^S^^S: riiiil I lt*f^QQflP k QT SlirnniPf Sk;iS^TQ La^^auares irinches with
ments. • r '};- ' # ¦ f . , . . ""^aacfc.. Tinted center pieces, 27 inches,
Kuittrd Cnr*rt Cr>~>src -<^r VflSL^ We Have Seen This Season (the Finest Tailoring) — Came In Last Jt2M*&k J °c-
m A i • /^mhhHbv t r 7 7 %t 4 Ar ¦» t n r »-» » • » 1 v ¦SaL'^aiS/^ / otoCfC collar patterns, new tic-
thT evening £ Sne 38^® ', Week. N one Are Nezver, None More Fashionable. v^wk ' .signs, for draw braids, only S c.
ton, finished with silk shell stitching. a^S^t ™v 1 0-morro\V thev are On sale i^i&P^ New Silk draw braids, black.
f /? »//¦/»• /»m'p o-/- T/jrrtf t- -m" -• * ¦ I £ j^ white, cream, Arabian and
ynuurcn* z^c v csis ai 15C ». *^/ ,' a ** ry « «~k « n • h/\s Persian 3c sc 6 T lc and 7^*c
-uS 1 aS d w l e i ?jhj ha sgi, w !i!a tt . cot ,ss JkL t5eiow Regular Prices T° wan ' ts j ;wcis?/2c ' 2^ c -^
Thild'TZrV^n v,,t I rW\\TO^J\ Walking skirts and dress skirts in cheviots, voiles, Sicilians, /t///l//^\ silver beads, 15c bunch.
Linids 50c Merino Vests 30c. AA, i,»1li«V alpacas, broadcloths, homespuns and snappy mixtures; grays, ] /// ft fj , I Steel beads, but 9c.
V\ hlte WOOl and cotton, medium &'*lk\\ fl' jJll 1-Ut u\ 1. .. « , , . > o j ' I', Hi lU, 1 ,7 I \ TnHian crrH hrarl* i-c hnnrh
weight, some ribbed, some plain, all aK*4>A^sI\vIM browns, blues, tans and blacks. /flNll /f/MnAk \ Indian seed beads, i /C bnnch.
finished with pearl buttons, covered f^~ c \ V^l \\k\ -\r c .i ir * • j m. 1 . , r ,, , , fa I/ 1 7 W'/W MVl \
seams; 2 to 8 years. L '\ Xwu \\ I Many of them are self-tnmmed with pleats and folds of the same I^ jj. [/[ / iff Lw TUv \ f arf > Ciirtninc O^r
\l\^^llffl)//// I material. Some are strapped with tailor stitch trimming. Others with \ \W\ W*W''^ 'I rnt* « SfrtnT •««
V ~\\^^2^^vS\\ xl» 7 l/lfs 1 a rr 1 j a • ? n-.tt-t ft-. • \i\ VI 11 \wrlv I <^ t\ I Cottage Curtains, 69e.
W/o* 4- Q*I1 t# HV/T ' taffeta and peau de soie straps; all in the height of their beauty and use- . v^*MJ vl&t*. J& ' / Arabian Curtains. $3.95.
onirL W aiSt OllKS ///2$$£U?$ / fulness; and yet you may have them at about what dealers were paying 4^/ Ar X Burla P- Jllt " Rugs and Cretor..
tO Sell flt 4=?r /I MtmffimZ' f ° r them Carlier in the season - Thc first wonder is the Kmlf gt^V Andlust tnTfurnrs"hl"sl needed now.
ovw c * t >?¦ WJmttffltSttT ' a *\ m-m t . ««r «< • « **~ * tS^iW^M 95c Curt*lni — Five splendid patterns,
NinP mrtiv <;nlr1 li'ti^c 4l,-,i- 'l / /¦¦'¦ri&HtUiSelM Wt — W/ C\f\\ W/ €k 1 1^" 1 M CT WlV 1 t*T *k J OC 6*#t^^§K' medium width bord-rs, acme with plain
.Nine paril} SOIQ lllieS that | SiihiGZEmi Wik rVll-VVUUl TT CtlKIIiy: UKIFI &jSL*yO M^^mM* cmtm. «om» small medallion nsures.
formerlv \vcr(> TT nr\A Q-o \\" (' '¦''/'/ •'fvSl " at' ht&B JaRiBt&tr wStZ: •" °* strong thread and very Iac7 de-
H V; -; S '*? ailG .% C * \\\V I I ] !-1PJMmM\ Not a commercial all-wool, but a pure wool. We have seen some MPllP ¦toi; not on. of then that to't «ood
tieres a hue stripe, a little \|\i || l<} <&£& Mfi cheap skirts lately, and they were indeed cheap. These have the merit SSlM^ , sZ> 69e Co«ai« cS'rtala^-Whlte lappet
\ c^Zo t" P f I ?° U ; \1\\ WaiP MM and_style and tailoring women are after. They arc in pretty gray mixes ' l^^^ 2 t .^-;
a LOUisine, t\vo toulard V\V jHiilflf 1 1}| $.| an(i brown mixes, sclf-tnmmed, as this picture shows. W^^^K^\/^0^ ° r '""^f^^f,^. chaint>-r
patterns; all tempting styles. l\W\ 3 ' 9 P oncs evcn more rcmarkablc ; a'P a cas, cheviots and voiles, in dress u— mM$Mnimim/§>^ $3.9^ Arab^°«cnrtain»— ThosTham!-
How could ihc price be more fcjjffi WM \ % |ife| lengths; and mixtures in walking lengths; skirts in every way equal to fZ ? s M^MKSeL^^^ Kmlel.^u'w^i"**.™* h Some b l>r
tempting? 4^0 instead of 7^c : M£W&W , : ~ "iW^irk^ an >' wc have sccn at 6 - 00 and ? 6 -75- The walking skirt was never known ¦ / Wa^SB^^m^^^ the pattwis are running low, so they
™* 8 5 cr V|«|lf f MBP to "11 for less than $5.00. >#M»f^ »e "SV'i^S^ln? a go^V assort-
Plain pongees at 35c we must <&\ S )ffiffl&imkW®L , A "° < ther J1 R cho °/^ at $5-oo; almost every material; and at $6. 75 , J^m^^S^m,^^ S5S C f5 a^1 11 2o5SSSc l< Sa o? c^
mm) ;^. °, _' J f: j mUSl S MWiW¥$WviWM^ alUl at $ 7-5O, $8.75 and $IO.OO. In this ?I0.00 lot are Skirts that Can't be Mm& ffflm$MmS3ffiS&&^^ corner. Many ccntractr.r« and home
mention; the 50c kind. J^mffiwA^^^k llad in the regular way under ?I5 °°- j-gd-. „• «kin« ad«»u«. .t «h.
&JSZJ8? *7m Wm Many of these prices are less than we have ever known such skirts to 1^ mr MT
*^< -V^"^^r?r rim 11 I ~~Zr^~~~^ them. It's an important skirt sale. Big selling, but no hurried selling. '^^^^^^^^ ===^~ ~^&X r-^^^^
Officers and members of the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen's Association will please as-
semble at headquarters, 283 Jessie street, cor-
ner of Fourth, on Sunday, May 22. at 11
a. m.. eharp, to attend the funeral of our
late brother, Maurice M. Baker. By order
STEPHEN BUNNER, President.
J. J. McMAHON Secretary.
BARKER— In this city. May 20. 1904 • Frieda
L. F. Barker, dearly beloved wife of Ed-
wart Barker, a native of Germany, aged
C7Tbe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors
of Caxew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue.
Interment private. aMome of Peace Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. . ; .-.' i\. ;
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-Jay
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 318 Kearny street, between Pino
and Bueh. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BAKER— In Alameda, Cal., May 20, 1904,
Maurice M., beloved husband of Carrie M.
Baker, eon of Sarah and the late Raphael
Baker, and brother of Mrs. Belle Rothschild,
Mrs. I. L. Marks and Samuel Baker, a na-
tive of New Orleans, aged 50 years and 15.
days.
Continued From Page Forty-Seven.
DEATH NOTICES.
20 years 1 mohth and 17 days.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. Il57 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BASOM— In Fruitvale. Cal., May 21, 1904, at
the residence of his daughter, Mrs. Jfesle
Long, George E. Basom, a native of Ohio,
aged 72 years.
BEEBE— In this city. May 21 1904. James H.
T., beloved husband of Almlra Beebe, and
father of David Ueebe, a native of Illinois,
aged C4 years 1 month and 19 days.
BEST— In this city, May 21, 1004. John, dearly
beloved husband of Elizabeth Best, and
father of Mrs. S. Thompson, and John E.
Llllle E., William G., Alfred E. and Vlolei
Best, aged t8 years and 0 days,
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. C53 Castro street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Court Hayes- Valley No. 59. F. of A
You are hereby notified to attend the funeral
of Brother J. Best, from hie- late residence,
653 Caetro street, Monday May 23, at* 10
a. m. By order of
HARRY SPRAY, Chief Ranger.
nETTENCOURT— In Oakland, Cal., May 21
1904, Louie J. Bettencourt, beloved con of
Antone J. Bettencourt, and brother of
George J., Joseph J., John J. and Mary Ann
Bettencourt, also of Mrs. Mary Duarte, Mrs
Belle Augustine and Mrs. Delle Cordlero, . a
native of Alameda, Cal., as-ed 17 years.
BLISS— In Santa Cruz, Cal., May IS 1004
Martha J., beloved wife of M. B. Uligg, and
loving mother of Dr. C. L., Dr. K W Dr
F. A. Bliss and Mrs. W. T. Jeter.
BOLES— In Oakland, Cal., May 20, 1904, Ellen
beloved wife of Hugh Boles, a native of Ire-
land, aged 30 years.
CLAIBOHNE— In this city. May 20, 1904.
James Henry Claiborne, dearly beloved hus-
band of Amelia V. Claiborne, a native of
Virginia, aged 79 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from hia late resi-
dence, 2815 Buchanan street. Interment pri-
vate.
COYLE — In Glenwood, Santa Cruz County
Cal.. Hugh, beloved husband of Mary Coyle,'
and father of Henry. John, Hugh and Rose
Coyle. and Mrs.J. Boyle and Mrs. -E. Mers-
felder, a native of County Longford, Ireland.
CULLEN— In thin city, May 20, John Milton.
beloved son of C. J. and Mary A. Cullen,
and brother of Harold F. and ' Charles T.
Cullen, a native of San Francisco, aged 5
' months and 20 days. - -.
C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 10. o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 925 Harrison street, . between Fifth
and Sixth. Interment private. In Holy Cross
Cemetery. ... •
DAVIS— In this city, May 19, 1904, Effle M.
Davis, a native of Indiana, aged 27 year* 4
months and 4 days.
DREWS — Entered into rest, in this city. May
20 1904, Guctave Drews, a native of Pom-
men, Germany, aged 77 years 2 months and
24 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:80 o'clock, from St. Paulus
German Evangelical Lutheran Church, cor-
ner of -Eddy and Gough - streets. - Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.,
1137 Mission street, - between Seventh - and
-EifaUu s, : ... . 4
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente. Marlnl A Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
Interment Italian Cemetery.
QUINLAN— In this city. May 21. 1904. at his
residence. 482 Eighth street Daniel P.. dear-
ly beloved husband of Mary A. Quinlan. and
devoted father of May and Josephine Quin-
lan and Mrs. J. O. Helsch of Sacramento,
a native of Ireland.
CXNotlce of funeral hereafter.
RICKMAN— In this city. May 20. 1904. Charles
F. G. Rlckman. husband of Rachel M. Rick-
roan, and father of Louise F.. Charles A.
and Albert J. Rlckman. a native of Ger-
many, aged 67 years.
B7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), May 22, at »:3O o'clock, from th»
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SANDER— In this city. May 21. 1904. Charles
Sander, a native of Wagenfeldt Germany
aged S3 years 6 months and 1 day.
SCOW— In this city. May -19. 1904. Annie, be-
loved mother of Arthur Scow, and sister of
Peter Ankersen. a native of Denmark, aged
38 years 1 month and 10 days.
1 CFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from the parlors of Craig. Cochran
& Co.. 423 Golden Gate avenue between Polk
and Larkin. Cremation Odd Fellow*' Cem-
etery.
SELLER— In this eiry. May 21. 1904. Jacob H..
relict of Sophie Seller, and beloved father of
Fred. Henry. Sanford. Arthur. Estella ami
Florence Seller, and Mrs. Alex W. Well.
Mrs. Louis Felgenbaum and Mrs. Maurice
E. Frank, a native of Bavaria. Germany,
aged 78 years 8 months and IS days.
ET'Nottce of funeral hereafter.
SNYDER— In this city. May 21. 1904. Georgo
William, only child of Louis and Macrgti
Snyder, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 6 months and 16 days.
TAMPAKES— In this city. May 20. 1004.
Theresa M. Tampakes (nee Scully), beloved
wife of George Tampakes, and daughter of
John and the late Mary Scully, and sister
of Mrs. II. Hlmmelznan. Mrs. XV. J. M -
LouchMn. Mra. F. Sheridan and Dennis ana
Joseph Scully, a native of San Francisco,
tared 32 years 10 months and 20 days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
May 22, at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 42^ Golden Gate,
avenue. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TTERNAY— In this city. May 21. 1904. Thomas
F. dearly beloved son of Mary and the lata
Benard Tiernay. and brother of Mrs. J.
Keating. Mrs. ,J. Powelson, Mrs, V. Hoff-
man. Mrs. E. Johnson and Mrs. C. Perry,
a native of San Francisco, aged 29 years 11
months and 5 days.
VOLL — In this city. May 21. 1904. Alice A..
wife of William Volt, beloved daughter of
Lillie and the late Joseph Ortega, and sister
of Lena. Solomon. Annie. Ada and George
Ortega, a native of Gllroy, Santa Clara
County. Cal.. aged 19 years 2 months and
25 daya.
WILLIAMS— In the City and County Hospital
May 20. 1904. Nellie Williams, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 44 years.
CARD OF THANKS. „ • '<
We wish to extend our sincere thanks to
th« many frienda for the beautiful floral
offerings and aUo the heartfelt sympathy
•hown us during our late bereavement of
. loving wife and mother.
ANNA M. E. KXJNKER.
-c; J. KLINKER
_. ¦ and Coildraa.
EUEN— In thl3 city. May 20, 1901. Magdalene
E., beloved wife of George Euen, a native
¦< of Germany, aged 51 years 4 months and 0
days. - ' . '
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 110 Prentlss street, off Cortjand
avenue. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
FON'TES— In this city, May 20, 1U04, Manuei
C, clearly beloved son of J. C. and Amelia
Fontes, and brother of Joseph, George,
Carrie. liosie. Flora. Albert and Alice Fontes
and Mrs. J. C. Mello and Mrs. W. D. Dierks.
a native of Qakland, Cal., aged 22 years 1
month and 6 days.
ETKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from 027 Park
avenue, thence to St. Anthony's Church,
where services will be held. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
GESSLER— In this city. May 20, 1004. Charles
dearly beloved and only . son of Hugo and
Dorathea Gessler. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1S years 3 months and 15 days.
cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), May 22, at 1:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. lib Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
nment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
G1RARDOT— In this city. May 14. 1904, Su-
sanne M. Glrardot, a native of Switzerland,
aged 1 9 years and 4 months.
GLippON— In this city. May 20, 1904, Neva,
beloved daughter of Nellie Gough. and sister
of AVIlla. and Hattio GHddon, a native of
California, aged 15 years 6 months and «
days.
1 C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Haleted & Co.. 046 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
- train from Third and Townsend streets.
GRANT— In Los Angeles, , May ,16, 1904,
Richard A., beloved husband of Sarah E.
Grant, and father of Harry W. Grant, and
brother-in-law of Mrs. James Graham, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged 34 years 7 months and
10 days. (Toronto, Canada, papers please
copy.)
! ETFriends and members of B. of R. T.
are cordiallv invited to attend the funeral
to-day. : (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the
parlors of Craig, Cochran & Co.. 429 Golden
Oate avenue, between . Polk and Larkin
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by train from Third and Townsend streets.
HANSEN— In this city. May 20. 1904, Jens
Chris Hansen, beloved brother of Hans.
Louis and Captain Anton Hansen. a native
of Sannes. Trama, Arendal, Norway, aged
30 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend - the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from .the. parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Cremation I.
Q.- O. F. Cemetery.
HARKINS— In this city. May 21. 1904, at
. 216 Elm avenue, • Charles B., beloved hus-
band . of the late Elizabeth - Harklns, and
: father of C. B. Harkins Jr., John and Peter
Harkins, Mrs. William J. RlcUards, Mrs.,
Thomas Sterling. Mrs. Frank .Wai thour and
the lato William ,T. and James J. Harkins,
a native of .Ireland, aged 74 years.. (New
York and Brooklyn papers please copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) at 9 o'clock, from hla late real-'
dence, 216 Elm avenue. • between Turk street
and Golden Gate avenue,' Van. Ness avenue
• and Franklin street, • thence . to . St. Mary's
Cathedral, at 0 : 30 o'clock, ¦ for mass for t ha
IDTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday
May 23. at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
.her daughter. 14t» Clay street, thence to Et
Marys Cathedral, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
thence to Holy Cross Cemetery, by funeral
train leaving Valencia-street station at 11:30
o'clock.
PARKER— In Seattle. Wash.. April 15 1904
Abby Parkef. widow of the late Captain
Frank S. Parker, and mother of Captain
Frank O. Parker of San Francisco, Cal and
Mrs. Mary A. Bnrbank of Seattle, Wash a
native of South Thomaston. Maine, aged 74
years 11 months and 24 'days.
PISBR— In .thta city. May 22. 1904. Ellas
Plser. father of Mrs. Sarah Phillips of New
York and Mrs. L. Lipson of Camp Thomas,
Ga.. a native of Poland, aged 75 years.
E7Friends and, acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. A. Sterns, 1236 Golden Gate avenue
Interment Salem Cemetery.
PORRO— In this city. May 19. 1904, Alfonsio
I'orn>, beloved cousin -of Antonio and Giu-
seppe Ratto, a native of Italy, aged S3 year*.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited i to attend tto funeral I to-day I
ZZT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
May 23. at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 79 Jackson street, thence to Iglesia
de Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe. on Broad-
way, near Mason street, where a high mass
will be celebrated ?or the rer>ose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock sharp. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriages.
NYE— In Campo Seco, Calaveras County, Cal.
May IS, 1904, David B. Nye, a native of
Massachusetts.
O'BRIEN— In Santa Clara, Cal., May 20 1904,
Mary A. O'Brien, a native of Ireland. "
OBUJEN— In this city. May 19. 1904. Antone
dearly beloved husband of Mary Obujen, be-
loved son of Peter and the late Mary Obu-
Jen, brother of George. Nick. Bliss. Peter,
Chris and Annie Obujen. Mrs. Mary TaMa
and Mrs. M. Smlrak, and son-in-law of O.
B. Celle. a native of Lupod, Dalmatia. Aus-
tria, aged 30 years 10 months and 11 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
May I'l, at 1 o'clock, from his late residence,
!>ltH4 Vallejo street, between Mason and
Taylor streets. Interment Holy Oos»» Ceme-
tery.
O' DOUGHERTY— In this city. May 21. 1904,
Kate,' widow of the late Andrew B. O' Dough-
erty, and sister of Mrs. James R. Duff. Mrs.
W. I. Reed and the late Mrs. James Talbot
Ryan, a native of St. Andrews. New Bruns-
wick, aged 70 years.
O'NEIL— In Berkeley. May 19, 1904. Mary.
widow of the late Michael O'Nell. In her
eighty-seventh year, a native of County
Cork. Ireland.
streets. A requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his eoul at 10:30 o'clock
at Redwood City.
NEWMAN— In this city. May 20. 1904, Hilda,
beloved daughter of George and Hannah
Newman, and sister of Abram S., Harry C.
and Lester Newman, a native of Ion»i Cal.
ICTFur.eral services Sunday. May 22. at 1
o'clock, at the family residence, BS Hamilton
place. Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
NUNES— In this city. May 20, 1904, Lulz An-
toniii Nunes. beloved husband of Narclza
Florlnda Nunes, and uncle of Mrs. Mary
Jerome, a native of Portugal, ased M years
and 1 month. A member of Memorial Lodge
No. 1.4, A. O. U. W.. and Portuguese Pro-
tective Benevolent Association.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
, (Surlday). at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, (28 Harrison street, theae« to
Woodmen Hall, 021 Twelfth streetTwhere
funeral services wiU be conducted under the
auspices of Athens Camp No. 457 Woodmen
of , the World. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
. Athens Camp No. 467,- Woodmen of World-
All neighbors are hereby notified to assem-
ble at hall at 1 :30 p. m. By order or
... A. G. -TAFT. P. C. C.
. GEO. VON WERDEN, P. G. C. •
NEALON— In this city. May 21, 1904, Thomas
F., son of the ¦ late- Patrick and Deborah
Nealon. and brother of Kathryn M. and John
P. Nealon, Mrs. George Horn and Mrs. Mar-
tin, a native of Redwood City, Cal. aged
. 38 years and 1 month. A member of San
Francisco Typographical Union No. 21.
, (Scranton, Carbondale and Wiikesbarre, Pa.,
papers pleaae copy.) ¦ . ¦ '
' Zy. The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), from 1225 Pierce street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, Menlo Park, by U
a. m. trains from -Third and Townaend
Cr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. J. Sawyer. 1955 Stock-
ton street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by carriage.
LUTOEN— In Berkeley, Cal., May 20, 1904
Katherlne W., beloved daughter of Conrad
J. and Kate II. Lutgen, a native of Berke-
ley, aged 2 years 8 months and 15 days.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
thle (Sunday) afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock at
her parents' residence, 1829 Bancroft way
Berkeley. Incineration private, at Oakland
Crematory.
MARBON— In this city. May 21, 1904. of dlnh-
theria, Stanislaus, dearly beloved and young-
est son of M. A. (and Katie Matron, aged
7 years 7 months and 21 days
Crrhe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 110 Duncan street. Private.
McFADDEN — In Oakland, Cal., May "0 1904*
John P, McFadden. beloved husband of Mary
Mcl-adden. a native of the parish of Akel
County Mayo. Ireland, aged 7;; years «
months and 10 days*. '
M ?T 0R P~ I , n^,' 8 cl } y ' May 21 - 10 °*. Cornelia
M.. dearly beloved wife of Dr. H. W. Moore
a natlvo of Pennsylvania, aged Cl years i
month and 22 days. *».»
MULVET-i-In this city. May 21, 1904. George
husband of Ellen Mulvey, a native of Irel
land, aged 63 years.
MUnPHY— Entered Into rest. In Oakland. Cal.,
May 21, 1904, Elmer Frederick Murphy be"
loved husband of Annie E. Murphy and
father of, Philip Murphy, a native of 'Fair-
field.; 111., aged ,24 years 0 months and l'J
days.
repose of his soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
JENSEN— In San Lorenzo, Cal.. May 19. 1004.
Christian, beloved husband of Kiratern Jen-
sen, and beloved father of Otto Jensen. Mrs.
J. Jensen. Mrs. L. J. Fortro and Mrs. O. F.
Smith, aired 68 years 7 months and 5 days.
(New York and Brooklyn papers please copy.)
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
May 22, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence In San Lorenzo.
KENDALL— In Pinole. Cal.. May 19. 1904,
Sablna, widow of the late Thomas Kendall,
and mother of George, Thomas, Frank Wil-
liam and the late Valentine Kendall' and
Mrs. J. Sawyer, a native of Ireland, aged
67 years.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
F VLE'S.
HALE'JS.
BALE'S.
HAIE'S.