CHINESE REPORT DESTRUCTION OF JAPANESE BATTLESHIP;
RUSSIANS ANNIHILATE FIVE BATTALIONS OF MIKADO'S MEN
rcrccc^t >mafie> at 'San Traa
cisco for tiirty tcur« ending- at
mldaiffht aiay'25, 1904:
Son rraacisco and vicinity —
Cloudy 'Wednesday; fresh south
west winds, with. fog.
A. Q. BIcADXE,
District Forecaster.
THE WSATSZB.
HONOLULU. May 24. — The Italian
cruiser Liguria. ' Prince ; Lulgl*: com
manding, arrived here to-day from
San Francisco.
Italian Cruiser at Honolulu.
Montana Cattleman Is Killed by Com
ftanlozi as Result of Dispute
About 3Ioney.
HAVRE, Mont-, May 24. — Emile
Lauener, a cattleman, is 'dead here
and John L. Simmons is in jail as the
result of a drunken quarrel at Chester
. last .Sunday night. Louener was shot
through the body by Simmons and
died almost instantly.
It is said that the men had been on
c a spree for several days. The quar
'rel is «a.id to have been caused by
money differences.
MURDER IS FKQUEL
OM| JO DRUNKEN* QUARREL
LONDON, May 24.— A very curious
cape of insurance has come' to light in
connection with . the . late Marquis of
Donegal.
A policy was taken out In * 1890
against issue being born to the Mar
quis, who at that time was in his sev
entieth year and was' living apart from
his wife. The Marchioness, however,
died. /, '
The Marquis married again in • his
eighty-first year and had a son. who is
now. a few weeks old- and the young
est member of the peerage. Conse
quently, by the payment" of a ' single
premium of £131 5s the insurer has re
ceived £2500.
Insures Asalnst "Issue Being Born of
His Mnrriaie and Is Now Father
--« .¦''¦ of a Boy. ' :'".
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 19M. by the New- York
Herald Publishing Company.
AGED MARQUIS WIXXER
IN A PECULIAR GAMBLE
BUTTE, Mont.. May 24. — Reports
from throughout the State to-night
tell of a general storm of considerable
severity. Snow fell in many, places
during the forenoon, changing to rain
lster in the day. To-night the tem
perature is lower than it has been for
weeks past. It is not believed that
sto« k will suffer in consequence of the
storm. The moisture will benefit the
ranges.
finow and Rain Fall in .Many Places
and Temperature Is Un
usually Jxnv.
MONTANA IS SWEPT
BY SEVERE STORM
"MONTGOMERY. Ala., May 24. —
The Democratic State convention will
meet here to-morrovi- and select del
egates to the national convention.
From indications the friends of Judge
Parker ivill have control.
Alabama 3Iay Favor Parker.
BOISE, Idaho, May 24.— A well flow-
Ing hot water has been struck on the
farm of John Bowers, a short distance
northwest of this city. The hot water
was struck at a depth of only 300 feet.
It is flowing at the rate of fifty gallons
a minute from a four-inch bore.^ ?••£¦. -
Bowers announces his intention of
driving another well without delay, as
a result of the strike of hot water in
the first. >
The possibilities of the use of .the
water are many and varied. The well
is so close to the city that it will be
possible to pipe the water into the city.
It is believed the hot water can be suc
cessfully used for irrigation for early
gardening. Bowers claiming the growth
of vegetables under the^wa'rm water is
almost phenomenal. He • proposes to
drive his second well close to his house
and says he ¦will arrange to heat the
dwelling with it. . , .
Ep«clal Dispatch to The Call.
. NASHVILLE, Tenn.. May 24.— The
Democratic State, convention will
meet to-morrow to nominate a candi
date for Governor, Treasurer, Secre
tary of State, Comptroller. Railroad
Commissioner, delegates at large to
the national convention and two elec
tors. Senator Carmack, an avowed
friend of Judge Alton B. Parker, will
*ie&d the national convention delega
tion, -which is reasonably certain to
be instructed for the New Yorker.
Parker Favored in Tennessee.
The Hearst men had previously made
great efforts in all the counties and
districts and charge their defeat to a
"still hunt" which the McLean men
have been conducting. The latter not
otily secured a majority of the dele
sates, but also control the so-called
•Johnson seat committee."
' The committee on resolutions has re
fused to reaffirm the Chicago and Kan
sas City platforms and left the enunci
ation of national principles to the St.
Ix>uis Convention. The platform se
verely arraig-ns th* national and State
administrations. Resolutions for the
indorsement of James Kilbourne for
President were defeated.
. While there was no leader on the
ground there was much comment to
night to the effect that the old follow
ing of John R. McLean was again in
control. McLean had previously de
clined to allow his name to be used for
either district delegate or delegate at
large, and he was said to be out of
politics; but now he is expected to suc
cor-d himself as the Ohio member of the
Democratic National Committee and be
a factor at the St. Louis convention.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 24.— The pre
liminary meetings to-day of the Dem
ocratic State Convention, which will
convene here to-morrow, demonstrated
that the conservatives were In control
by two to one In their opposition to
Hearst, but divided among themselves
un Presidential preferences between
Judson Harmon of Cincinnati, James
Kilbourne and other personages. This
demonstrates that neither the "old
£uard," !inown a? the conservatives,
nor the Ilearst-Bry&n-Johnson men,
known as the radicals, have a leader.
Mayor Johnson of Cleveland, who has
been the recognized leader in his party
in Ohio for the past two years, was un
able to-day to control the votes of the
two State comrr.itteemen from his own
city, whom he had put on the commit
tee one year ago, and the same was
tiue of other members of the State
Central Committee whom he had se
lected.
Resolutions Committee Refuses to Re
affirm the Kansas City
Platform.
John R. McLean's "Old
Guard" Will Control tbe
State Convention.
Outnumbered Two
to One by the Con
servatives.
Heavy Flow From
an Artesian Well
Near Boise.
HOT WATER
SUPPLY FOR
mm tow
HEARST MES
LOSE OHIO'S
DELEGATION
Continued on Paee-2J v Column-2.'
War News Continued on Pace S.
MUKDEN, May 24.— The Russians
on May 16 made a sudden attack
upon the town of Anju. Korea, from
the village of Haitchien and captured
the town, destroying It. The Japan
ese garrison set fire to the houses and
stores and retired in perfect order.
Russians Destroy Korean To\vn.
V- CONSTANTINOPLE. May; 24,-iKe
mal Pasha, the Sultan's son-in-law, and
other high , officials have., been . arrested
and Kent into exile -in consequence of
the discovery of a secret correspond
ence between Keraal . Pasha and Prin
cess Khadidje, daughter. of the'impris
oned ex T Sultan.': Murad. Kemal Pasha
Is a son of the late Osman Ghazl Pasha,
a general in the Turkish' army and aid
de ' camp- to ;the Sultan.' - - .
Discovery of Correspondence Between
KLemal -Pnshn an.l a Princess
: Leads to Banishment.
RELATIVES OF SULTAN
... SENT . INTO EXILE
Natives have brought in ne*ws from
Fengwangcheng that cholera, in a par
ticularly, virulent fo. m. has broken out
among the Japanese troops- In some
cases death has occurred within three
hours. BSS
General Kuropatkin to-day in
spected seven new city gates, which
wilt enable the garrison to more easily
concentrate and meet • n attack on any
side. • iBsl
PARIS, May 24. — The correspond
ent of the Temps at St. Petersburg
telegraphs that cholera is causing the
loss of a hundred Japanese troops
daily near Fengwangcheng.
LIAOYANG. Monday. May 23.—
Troops continue pouring into Liao
yang. Dysentery in a mild form has
broken out south of Liaoyang.
One Hundred Deaths a Day In the
Army of Kuroki.
CIIOI^ERA'S AWFUL RAVAGES.
WASHINGTON, May .24. — In the
presence of- Mrs. Roosevelt, Miss
Roosevelt, Secretary qf State and Mrs.
Hay, the entire diplomatic corps, the
admiral of the navy and Mrs. Dewey
and a few naval officers, who ' were
present as the .official representatives
of the American navy, Miss. Ivy Lang
ham, the s"ster of the Baroness Speck
von. Sternburg, wife of the German
Emhassador, was married ! to-day to
Lieutenant; Commander the VIcomte
de Faramond; the naval attache of the
French : embassy. The ceremony oc
curred : !hSt. Matthew's Roman Cath
olic. Church. ' ! . .
* ':¦ The" Vicomte'de' Faramond and his
bride /left this afternoon for New
York. They -sail to-morrow; • for
France. ; . . ¦ ¦ ',,¦'»*'
Sister of Baroness Speck Von Stern
v-.'^burs Becomes . Wife of French
. ¦ ._. '. '.• Naval ¦ Officer. . " '-',;¦'
WEDS A DIPLOMAT IX
PRESENCE OF NOTABLES
The ways and means of obtaining
funds for the great work of shackling
the floods in, the Sacramento and San
Joaquin valleys furnished the main
topic of discussion at the closing ses
sion yesterday morning of the newly
organized River Improvement and
Drainage Association /of California.
The Maple room at the Palace was
again filled with substantial represen
tatives of all the districts affected by
the freshets. They listened with evi
dent interest to an able address by Ed
ward F. ; Adams on the economic as
pects of the problem, and to a speech
by United States Senator George C.
Perkins, who pledged himself to work
for a • national appropriation. After,
electing its. committees and completing
its permanent organization, the associ
ation then adjourned to meet again at
the call of President Rufus P. Jennings.
The general committee of the organi
zation,, consisting of twenty-flve mem
bers, chosen .by the representatives of
the different sections,' was announced
as, follows:
•North of Sacramento— Colonel E. A. Forbes,
IX. J. . Boggs, , M. L. Tarke, Charles Wesley
Reed.. . :
¦ Sacramento City — R. T. Devlin, General W.
T. ¦ Sheehan.
. South of 'Sacramento— P. J. Van Loben Sels
John W. Ferris, Peter Cook.
•¦ ¦Moltetumne" River district— F. H. Harvey,
A. V C. Johnson. '".¦ \ • ¦'
1 San*Joaqu!n-Rlver— J. R. Sargent, W. Frank
Pierce, E. W.^ 8. 'Woods.
¦¦.Stockton — George Tatterson, Samuel Frank
enhelmer. :'¦»"/
- Old river — H. F. Pierce.
Middle river — O. T. Woodward.
Upper San Joaquin — D. 8. Fl*h, A. G.Park
¦San Francisco and vicinity— Edward F.
Adams." Rufus "P. Jennings,: E. A. Y Walcott,
Andrea • Sbarboro. Professor A. G. :. McAdle.
¦•'After 'this announcement a recess
In years.' gone by we took the wealth from
our mines ¦ and paid : the : debts , of ' our ' country.
It , was California ' and -• the ¦ miners j and; pioneers
of the' early* days^that rlni,a: great* measure
maintained the honor of our nation. 'It seems
to ., me - to-day that; the National ¦ Government
should -. respond to , our call ¦„ for ~ whatever ¦ is
Just and i right and ; equitable. :*-.'••
Senator; Perkins - was 2 received * with
applause .when .the .chairman'ihad^In
duced him > to ' put aside * for ." once (¦'< his
well-known"; Senatorial . modesty v '' and
come forward s- to , the.! platform.' ~Hp
made a rattling speech,"', whlch.was "fre
quently interrupted « by, . dapping;- of
hands and > cries i of • "Good !^ Good !" and
"We're glad; tbget you on, record, 1 ' Sen
ator!": The- Senator said among other
things: ¦ . : * . ; ~: - '¦. : ; V ;
The functions of this executive com
mittee, according- to the' platform
adopted on Monday evening, • wiir, in
clude' the selection, of three of ¦ the ; en
gineers for, the work proposed. It will
also prepare, plans for the campaign to
be made for State legislation and : ulti
mately for national aid. It will endea
vor to rouse public, sentiment--through
out the State ; In favor of such ; legisla
tive action", at Sacramento as, will war
rant the California Senators J and \ Rep
resentatives : in Congress in asking ¦ lib-
eral j assistance, from I the . Federal | Gov
ernment. -Chairman Jennings promised
that . the committee ¦ would lose ; no time
in getting down ' to its > work. ¦ v = ¦ '
PERKINS FOR NATIO Ji AL AID/
was taken, : during which the. general
committee ; met and j selected the j seven
members to compose the executive
committee. ; . These were later reported
to the convention. as follows:
Rufus P. Jennings (chairman), M.J. Boggs,
P. J. Van Loben Sels, John W. Ferris, E. W.
S. Woods. Samuel Frankenhelmer, George Tat-,
terson. ' ¦ ;••¦•-.- .'•'.. . ¦'..¦¦'.¦ ¦ . \ ¦ . '
' In. th« work ' of tafcln* wealth from . our
mines much of the debris wa» sent down to
the streams. I believe that when the , matter
Is. properly > presented - to Congress you will
find, that the members will join - with you in
doing whatever they can to maintain the In*
tegrity of the national waterways and national
highways of. our, rivers. We should get our
rivers clear * that ¦ they . may be ' navigated j In
competition with the railroad lines. ' There la
nothing . like ; a | little ' healthy.', competition t to
stimulate progress. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ' ¦
Politicians— not -that I belong to that'fac
ulty—promise a great. deal when they are be
fore an : audience . whose favor they desire to
get. --The politician is not a proper represent
ative who does not properly, represent . his Im
mediate - constituents and the whole . people •¦ of
this '.great -national Government of which we
are -all- Joint, stockholder*. Every State and
little city has its ¦ little schemes and ; enter
prises- .-They want Government aid. Our Oar-'
' ernment ¦. has already reached out and helped
the promoters In San Diego- County to an ex
tent you can. hardly realize -without going; and
seeing i personally. •¦ Three • millions of dollars
have been set. aside by the Government for the
.Improvement ot , the- Colorado . desert - district.
.They are reclaiming that land. with the waters
of .the Colorado-. River. ¦ ' Now; a 'flood Is a bad
thine 1 for us, but not nearly so . bad as ¦ a dry
season. -vlfthlnk; we can stand two- or three
.floods - better :> than ;we , can a * drought. ' ¦ The ,
ceological K survey - is i surveying our » State for
reservoir sites. V It ia -measuring streams, &nd
this information; Is - given ? you ?. that you may
utilize.' it 'for electric power.; Itls better than
mines \ of ? gold.' v The • Department* of ¦ Agricul
ture > will [co-operate , with us. '- ... ¦ . ¦ , .
: JAsree-oo'sviiilan'of operation. 1 formulate It.
put;lt' Into proper shape and bring :lt ,'to ¦ Con
gress, and -If.' your reprenentatlves.do^not then
take * off * their • coats and do * the best they can
lef them i stay, at .'home.-; Your Interests, the
State's- interests; are the Government's inter
ests. < Let us deliberate -topically and, bring to
our aid- the -Government engineers, :. the State
engineers.; We tell them In ,the : East that we
dwelt 'toeether In. peace and harmony; • that
we arc all -working together for California and
for .her interests.i I'am sure,: my, friends/ I
voice 'the sentiments of your; representatives .In
Congress when >I, say, to you: u "Tell ' us r what
River Convention Appoints Committee to
Conduct Campaign for Legislation at
Sacramento and Washington.
* DENVER, May 24.— A cablegram
from London announcing the serious
illness there of Mrs. Cornelia Baxter
Tevis. widow of Hugh Tevis, the mil
lionaire society and club man of San
Francisco, Who died in Japan while on
his honeymoon, has been received in
this city. Mrs. Tevis' father started for
England to-day to be at his daughter's
bedside. Mrs. Tevis is suffering from
typhoid .'fever. ¦• . • ;
MEMBERS OF THE RIVER IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION OF CALIFORNIA WHO ARE WORKING TO RECLAIM FLOODED LANDS OF GREAT VALUE TO THE STATE. |
Newchwang remains quiet. More
Russian troops have entered and the
Russo-Chinese Bank has resumed
business. Several steamships are
loading at the port.
The Russians declare that no fight
is expected here, as it is their inten
tion to withdraw before the Japanese
advance. The residents, however, fear
trouble during the interregnum. Dur
ing the contemplated Russian evacua
tion of May 8 the Chunchus imme
diately advanced and attempted to
commit robberies in the outskirts of
the city. About fifty shots were ex
changed within hearing distance of the
foreign settlement. The native fought
the Chunchus, killing three of them.
The*brigands were under / an impres
sion that the Russians had evacuated
the place during the night. This
strengthens the belief that further at
tacks will be made, should the port be
unprotected.
According to Japanese representa
tives, 5000 Japanese, troops are forty
miles southeast of Tashichao, occupy
ing the walled city of Tangchl. No
trains are running from Tashichao to
the south.
The Chunchus are getting bolder
and have attacked Russian scouting
parties, who repulsed the brigands
with considerable loss.
The morale of the Russian troops
is said to be generally improving since
the enemy retired toward Fengwang
cheng.
The west wall of Liaoyang has been
pulled down and the material utilized
in constructing covered trenches and
fortifications extending from the
mountains on the Fengwangcheng
road to the Liao River. Thousands of
Chinese anchors have been conveyed
to Liaoyang, to be used in anchoring
pontoon bridges. Probably the great
est battle of the war will be fought
in the vicinity of Liaoyang, where
General Kuropatkin is determined to
check the Japanese advance.
Japanese reinforcements are arriv
ing dally at Pitzewo and Polandien.
A Russian torpedo-boat flotilla is
cruising off Port Arthur. It is the in
tention of the Japanese to reduce the
Russian fortress at all costs before un
dertaking a general advance on Liao
yang, where the Russian army is con
centrated.
NEWCHWANG, via Tientsin. May
24. — The Japanese land operations di
rected against Port Arthur are meet
ing: with little success. Generals Stoes
sel and Fock continue to make well
directed and desperate sorties against
the advance . of the* Japaneese, who
are fighting with a stubborn determi
nation almost unknown in history.
Se\-eral hundred have been killed dur
ing- the last few days.
Special Cable to The Call and New" York Her
ald. Copyright. 1904. by the New York
Herald, Publishing Company.
Decisire Battle of the War Will Soon
Be Fcught in the Vicinity '
of Liaoyang.
Her Father Is Sum
moned From
. Denver.
Russians Successfully Re
sist Stubbarn Attacks by
tne Besiegers.
Desperate Fighting
Around Port
Arthur.
MES. TEVIS
IS VERY ILL
IN LONDON
HUNDREDS
ABE SLAIN
IN SORTIES
WILL SEEK STATE AND NATIONAL
AID TO RECLAIM FLOODED LANDS
Alcazar— "A Possible Case."
California — "When We Were
, Twenty-One."
Central — "A Great Temptation."
Cfcutea — Vaudtrllla.
Columbia — "Bean Brnmmel."
Grand — "P eaor=-"
OxFieca— Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
Tivoli— "A Runaway Girl."
THE THEATERS.
SAN FRANCISCO, \ WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCV— XO. 177.
LIAOYANG, May 24.— Chinese arriving here report the destruction of another Japanese battleship off Port Arthur. A report from
Newchwang says that on May 18 five battalions of Japanese troops reconnoitered to the south as far as Kinchou and ran into Major General
Fock's artillery, which was strongly posted on the heights in a narrow section: of the Liaotung Peninsula, and that the Japanese were anni
hilated. Both of these reports are unconfirmed.
The San Francisco Call• It Virtue is its own reward it is all
to the good.
CAPE MAY. N*. J.. May 24. — The
First National Bank of Cape May was
closed to-day by order of the Comp
troller of the Currency. The bank was
recently reorganized and the present
officers of the institution, after a con
sultation with Bank Examiner Buck
fast night, decided to suspend business.
It is said that the depositors will be
paid Jn full. Financial difficulties of
the former president, it is stated,
caused the present trouble.
Financial Difficulties of Former Presi
dent Cause SusiMMision of New
Institution.
COMITROL.LKR CLOSES
BANK IX CAPE MAY
! you want, devise a plan, act together, show
i your counsel, your co-o|ieration, and it shall
j net be our fault If we fail in earning out
J ycur wishes. " (Applause.)
[might cost twenty millions.
: "The Economic Aspect: Who Should
! Provide the Funds?" was the subject
i discussed by Edward F. Adams, agri
| cultural editor of the Chronicle, in one
of the most noteworthy addresses de
livered before the convention. Briefly
stated, Adams' argument was that a
large but equitable share of the cost
should fall upon the land owners in the
river districts, who would be the prin
cipal beneficiaries of the improvement;
that the whole State should be taxed at
a low rate to carry out the pledge as
sumed when these lands were ceded to
! it by the national Government, and
1 that when the State and the owners
united in taking up these burdens in
earnest, there would be no difficulty in
I obtaining Federal aid for the vast
project. The speaker created consid».
erable enthusiasm by his frank declar
ation that he believed it would proba
bly cost $20,000,000 to do the work well
and provide adequate relief for the
great valleys. The estimates of half
that sum offered by the engineers were,
he believed, prompted by timidity. The
floods could only be reduced to subjec
tion by thorough-going measures. True
economy and the welfare of the whole
State demanded that these be not
longer deferred.
"We have been working at this re
clamation problem," he said, "for forty
years and have spent millions, but we
have not reclaimed the lands and we
have not kept faith with the nation,
j^hich gave them to us. This is the re
sult of our infernal habit of 'knocking*
every man who proposes to accomplish
anything." " -
This emphatic utterande won more
applause than any other saying heard
during the convention. The substance
of Adams' paper was as follows:
Long before this convention wa» thought of
I had been collecting data for a paper on the
economic history and aspects of reclamation
of these swamp lands to be read before the
Commonwealth Club, a body which considers
euch subjects and of which I am a member.
In the course of my study I reached certain
conclusions, which seem to me Just and wise,
but to which I am not even personally com
mitted. If upon further examination - they do
Continued I-Yom Page J. Column 5.
That for the purpose of making the burdfn
on the reclaimed lands as easy as possible
bonds of the . State be Issued as required for
such- part of the work as cannot. In reason
be borne by annual taxation: such bonds to b»
issued without condition* in order. to secure a
low rate of. interest, but* under a law which
shall require • principal and interest to be paid
from the proceeds of the. assesment on th fc
reclaimed lands, and no bonds to-be Issued
until the validity of the. assessment on tho,
reclaimed lands for their redemption shall have
been fully sustained by the Supreme Court
The bonds to run- for -such period, as may be
deemed best.'- provided that complete redemp
tion be i effected within forty years.
That the State ought not to appropriate an
other dollar In aid of reclamation, unless, poj..
slbly. In some great emergency, until a com
plete plan for reclamation ha* been made
throughout and funds provided for Its
accomplishment under such ¦ pledges of the
State^and nation as shall assure an ample and
uninterrupted revenue. (Applause.)
L? t \ af t?r the completion of the system tho
cost of maintenance be assessed equally on all
the lands of the district and paid Into the State
maintenance fund. ,.. . -.,.
¦ Thatthe cost of a complete reclamation «ys*
»? m m« e e8 " m , ate <l. including that , of such
«h«,iJ T dral K S as ¦ the Montezuma canal,
should they be ultimately found . necessary,
u ,i v l the C08t > or' "o much thereof as
should be ultimately required, less the sum
contributed by the Stato and Federal Govern
ments, should be assessed upon the lands of the
river district, with due credit to each of the
present reclamation districts for the estimated
v »' u « «' the construction turned over by them
f h * thereupon become 1 . the property
The State should levy a tax of 1 cent on
$100 for ten years, conditional. If possible, on
ihe pledge of an equivalent aum for the eame
period from the national treasury, with the
"•"^standing that the first object in the ex
penditure of this fund should be the rectifica
tion and deepening of tho channel of the rivers
u dIe P° sal of the material removed as
t^Vi ,i ol J e no danger to" the Interests" of
navigation elsewhere; t
WOULD DISTIUB; E BURDEN.
The cervice should be absolutely, and by the
most drnstlc legislation, removed from any
form of political influence. (Applause.)
The chief engineer should be a man of the
highest standing In hi3 profession, preferably
with experience on the Mlsislssippi River, and
the salary should be such aa to attract a man
of that kind. I do not think any California
engineer available, for the. reason that all our
hydraulic engineers are too much committed —
or would be believed'to be too .much commit
ted, which would bo about as bad— to some
particular plan.
Congress will recognize by the expenditure of
money in a Way that will materially aid recla
mation. I have thus i.ersonally reached th/j
following- tentutlve cnncluslqns:
The State should resume ¦ entire control of
reclamation of the Sacramento and San Joa
qu:n swam:> and overflowed land.", tn formal
and permanent co-op*ration with th^ Federal
Government, which has charge of the Interest
of navigation. •
The State has conveyed no lands to counties,
but has merely made the counties th« agents
to fulfill, through reclamation districts cre
ated by them, the State's obligation to re
claim. The State has never undertaken to
convey to purchasers of these lands any other
title than that which It possessed— that is. a
title subject to the obligation to reclaim. No"
individual wa; obliged to aesume this burden.
Having assumed it, he can never escape .it
except by returning the lands.
The State can never escape Us
except by regrantlng the land unlncumbered,
to the Federal Government.
Some lands bought as swamp lands werei
easy of reclamation. Other lands may cost;
more to reclaim than they are worth If re/
claimed. But all the lande will pay for re
claiming all. It was the Intent of the Legis
lature to make all these lands pay for re
claiming them all. those. who were so fortunate
as to get the best lands sharing tqually in the
cost of redeeming the worst. Thl« last posi
tion has never been sustained by the Supreme
Court because, as I believe, it has never, been
squarely presented. All the other positions. I
think will be found sustained.
I feel pretty certain that whenever this
State takes uii the question, of redeeming Its
pledge to the nation to reclaim these lands
those who do not own any swamp land . will
take very much such views as I have ex
pressed, namely, that all lands purchased for
$1 per acre as "swamps and overflowed lands"
should be assessed equally, If : necessary, to
reclaim all bo purchased, rather .to lay any
very important burden upon property not di
rectly benefited by the expenditure. If : those
who hold hand under this title recognize the
obligation assumed when they purchased I am
equally confident they will be met>by the peo
ple of the State In the most generous spirit,
and that the burdens of complete reclamation
will not baar heavily on any one. Thus all will
work together to transform the flooded lands of
this fertile valley Into what they are some time
destined to become — one of the most produc
tive spots upon the earth, capable of sustain
ing •*¦ der.ee population in American comfort.
(Applause.)
Furthermore, I. am persuaded that by per
mitting the river to be choked with debris the
State has created obligations with the pur
chasers of swamp lands that It Is in honor
bound to redeem. It can well afford to re-,
deem these obligations in view of its increased
Income from taxation of values created. I
also believe that there are certain obligations
resting upon . the United States, in respect to
the regimen of the river, which I believe
DUTY OF STATE AND OWNERS.
Historically. I Hnd these to bo the facts:
The. lands were granted to the State to bs
reclaimed. In accepting the grant the State
accepted the obligation to reclaim the over
flowed lands. '• >
not geem well founded I may come to think
differently. Nevertheless, my Invitation com
ing from tho.*e who knew what now ceems to
me to be right, I can only conclude that I am
expected to present these conclusions to this
convention, iry conclusions may be quite'un
acceptable to some who are directly concerned,
but. on the other hand. I believe that a 'greit
many will think as I now do.
WILL SEEK AID TO RECLAIM TES FLOODED LANDS
. NEW TOIIK. May 24. — officers of
the American Smelting and Refining
Company \rill within a few days di
vide $100,000 in cash arnong their em
• r.loyes, in accordance with the profit
sharing scheme announced two years
ago. Arrangements are now being
perfected to divide the cash in prl»
rortion to the amount of earnings.
Managers, superintendents, assistant
managers and assistant superintend
ents, together with foremen and as
fflbfcint foremen, chemist"? and assist
ant* chemists and a number of others,
will participate in the fund.
Smelter Trust to Carry Into Effect a
Pmjcti Planned a Year
Ago.
WILL, SHARK PROFITS
WITH ITS EMPLOVES
(Butler Hall was badly burned, though |
the loss will not be more than $500. The
engine house also suffered to some ex
tent, the 1<*5S being $200. Several other
buildings were also slightly damaged.
The owners, it is understood, will im
mediately reconstruct.
Special Dispatch to The Call;
RENO, New, May 24.— Lactyof wind
is all that saved a large portion of
Tcnopah from being burned this morn
ings Fire was discovered in Booker &
Bradford's office and before the blaze
could be extinguished a number of
buildings had been destroyed and dam
age caused to the . amount of $12,000,'
covered slightly by insurance. The ori
gin of the fire is unknown. The volun
teer fire department responded prompt
ly and worked in a heroin manner to
save property. But for their efforts the
damage would have been much greater.
Booker & Bradford suffered most.
Their loss is about $5000. M. G. Orr
lost property valued at $4000. The Sim
mons building was damaged to the ex
tent 6f $1500; Dr. Wheeler's property
was damaged to the extent of $200;
PAN JOSE. May 24.— C. II. Mooney of Sar»
Francisco Is accused of passing: a bogua chirk
for $20 on H. U. Miller, proprietor of th*
Bristol Hotel, and the police are searching for
him.
BEAVER, Pa., May 24. — The im
provement noticeable in Senator Quay
since his return home continues. His
physician says his condition to-day is
more fovarable than it has been for
weeks. ,
Senator" Quay Improvinsr.
SAN DIEGO, May 24. — Death came
this noon to young Donald Henderson,
son of Walter J. Henderson of Chula
Vista and nephew of ex-Speaker Da
vid B. Henderson of the House of
Representatives, through an. accident
with a shotgun, which had' been ac
cidentally discharged by the bov
himself. He was only 12 years of
ag*e. yet owned a gun. with which ho
and his sister had gone hunting rab
bits. -
Tormer Speaker's Nephew Killed.
Prisoner Commits Suicide.
LIAOYANG, May 24. — A Japanese
CHEFU, May 25.— Four Japanese
cruisers and a fleet of torpedo boats
and torpedo-boat destroyers passed
midway between Port Arthur and the
Miaotao Islands at .4 o'clock this morn
ing, but no sounds of firing have" yet
been heard. The Russians have again
removed their guns and troops from
the forts at Newchwang.
Cruisers, Torpedo-Boats and Destrjy
ei-s Seen Near Port Arthur.
JAPANESE I LEKT MOVING.
The report circulated by the St. Pe
tersburg correspondent of the Central
News' that ten stokers were killed by
an explosion yesterday on board the
Russian battleship Orel at Kronstadt
is absolutely denied.
The report cabled to the Associated
Press yesterday that the Foreign Of
fice had received a telegram from the
Russian Consul at Chefu, reporting
that the Japanese had macie a land at
tack on Port Arthur and had lost 15,-
ST. PETERSBURG, May 24.— The
Admiralty denies the report of the cap
ture of three Japanese cruisers' by the
Vladivostok squadron, which has not
been outside the harbor for several
weeks.
FAI.SK WAR RUMORS.
Russia Officially Denies a Number of
' Sensational Re|)orts.
toria, from Liverpool. *
Sailed May 24 — Stmr Syndam. for Rotter
dam; stmr Kaiser Wilhelm aer Grosse. for
Liverpool: stmr CItta «ii Napoll. for Naples,
and Genoa ; 5tmr I'ltonla. for -l'risste. etc.
LONDON — Arrived - May 24 — Stmr Minn-
haha from New York.
SYDNEY, N. £. VST- — Arrives prior May 21 —
Stmr Aorantfi. from Vancouver, via Honolulu.
AUCKLAND — Arrived prior May 24— Stmr
Sirrra from Pan Francisco, via Honolulu, lor
Svdney. N S. \%.
'YOKOHAMA— Sailrd May 20— Stmr Em
preFs.of Japan. from Hongkong-, for Van
couver.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived May 24— Stmr Ro
ma ni. from Koston for Naples.
HONGKONG— Arrived May 24— Stmr Em
press of China, frtflfi Vancouver, via Yoko
ham and Shanghai.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed May 24— Stmr Cham
plain, for Montreal.
Arrived May 2a — Stmr Bavarian, from Mon
treal and Quebec.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 24— Stmr Vic-
Late Shipping" Intelligence.-
Washington; May 24.—^Through
our Ministers abroad, the naval at
taches of the United States have been
instructed to report upon the num
ber and danger to neutral shipping
from war mines floating off the Man
churian coast. This information will
be placed in the -hands of the na.vil
general board, which will submit its
views to the President, and, if occa
sion warrants it. representations will
be made to the belligerents. /
American Inquiry Into Danger "• to
Shinning From Derelict Mines.
PROTEST MAY BE MADE.
BUTTE, Mont.,, May 24.— Within the
course of a few days the Washoe cop
per smelters of the Amalgamated Cop
per Company at Anaconda will have an
arsenic refinery in operation, one of
the first of the kind in the United
States. The plant is patterned after
the German models, and it is ajmed to
save the thousands of tons of arsenic,
antimony and sulphur expelled through
the stacks of the company's plants as
gaseous substances.
MONTANA WILL HAVE
AN ARSENIC PLANT
SAN JOSE, May 24. — Sheriff Cudi
hee of Seattle believes he has James
C. Dunham, the murderer of the Mc-
Gllncy family at Campbell, located
near Seattle. He wired the authori
ties here to that effect to-day. The
following~descriptibn is furnished of
the suspect: Height, five feet ten or
eleven inches; weight, 175 pounds;
stout build, dark complexion, hair and
eyes; heavy mustache. Sheriff Cudi
hee fails to state whether the man is
arrested or not and what he is doing.
Sheriff Langford at once wired the
Seattle Sheriff that Dunham was still
wanted and sent him a full descrip
tion of the man. Pictures of the mur
derer were also maileid him.
The delcrlDtion, which is meager,
tallies well with that of Dunham, but
the authorities place but little cre
dence in the belief that it is really the
Campbell murderer.
Seattle Officer Sends Description of
Supposed 3Iurderer to San
. Jose Authorities.' ",'...
SHERIFF FKELS SURE
SUSPECT IS DUNHAM
The fire, which broke out in the lard
department and spread with remark
able speed, burned fiercely, and when
the fire reached the scene
the' big buildings were all ablaze. A
call was sent in for all tile engines
available, but notwithstanding the
greatest effort possible by the entire
tire department the buildings could not
be saved. The entire plant was valued
at $400,000. and it was estimated by
the manager of the branch house that
the loss will total three-fourths of that
sum. The- insurance is given as $263.
000, distributed among a number of
companies.
The cause of the fire Is unknown.
All that is known is that it had its
origin in the lard department, where
there was a considerable stock stored.
and spread to other rooms containing
inflammable material. An investiga
tion will be made to ascertain the cause
of the fire.
LOS ANGELES, May 24.— Fire to
night destroyed the local branch pack
ing-house of the Cudahy Packing Com
pany, located near the Los Angeles
River bottom. The loss is estimated at
about $300,000 and the insurance at
$265,000.
FIRE DESTROYS
PACKING-HOUSE
HOUSES BURN
IN TONOPAH
PARIS, May 24.— The Council of Min
isters has considered the Vatican con
troversy and in an official note says:
"The Government is satisfied with
the authenticity of the reported protest
sent by the Vatican to the powers, and
therefore has decided to recall M. Ni
sard, leaving the- routine business to
the third secretaiy in the Vatican em
bassy."
The Government has fully decided to
present the Vatican controversy, cul
minating in the recall of M. Nisard. to
the Chamber of Deputies. A violent de
bate is expected and the Government Is
preparing itself for more radical action
than that heretofore taken, since it is
anticipated that an effort will be made
to abolish the French embassy to the
Holy See. Foreign Minister, Delcasse
will present the diplomatic negotia
tions with the Vatican, and Premier
Combes will set forth the attitude and
intentions of the Government. The of
ficials express the belief that the em
bassy will not be suppressed, but they
say, the Dresent feeling may lead to
that result when the appropriation for
sustaining the embassy comes before
the Chamber a month hence, at which
time the budget for foreign affairs will
be considered. But some parliamentary
elements are seeking the immediate
consideration of the matter, with a
view o£ abolishing the embassy.
Members of the diplomatic corps say
it is definitely settled that the protest
to which France took exception was ad
dressed, by the Vatican to Spain. This
was the only protest containing the
clause intimating that the papal nuncio
would be withdrawn if other anA^simi
lar visits were made to King Victor i
Emmanuel. j
Apparently there is good warrant for
the belief that General Kuropatkin has
a strong line expending south from
Liaoyang and west of Haicheng pro
tecting an advance upon Kaichou and
Newchwang.
A direct attack upon General Kuro
patkin's main force apparently is not
considered to be impending. Nothing
more than outpost affairs are expected,
although some of these may be san
guinary. The Russian scouts are keep
ing in constant touch with the enemy,
and thus far the minor shiftings of the
enemy's detachments west of the Ta
yang River and northward of Moiting
ling are considered to be in the nature
of screens. If the two armies of . the
Russian commander in chief are trying
to work a force around in the rear of
General Kuroki or are planning a sur
prise, of course the fact is sedulously
concealed here. Uneasiness is displayed
at the near approach of the rainy
season, which will retard if not com
pletely stop field operations, although
this is playing directly into the Rus
sian hands.
The Russians will continue to hold
Newchwarig, Kaichou and Tashichou
until a move in force is made toward
Haicheng with the object of cutting off
the retirement of the force at Kaichou,
which Is sufficient to stand off an or
dinary force of the enemy and dis
courage the landing of troops there or
at Hiungyochen. The Japanese are not
In force north of Wafandian.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 24.— The
prevailing opinion at the headquarters
of the general staff is that the with
drawal of the Japanese upon Feng
wangcheng means that the enemy has
decided to devote himself to operations
against Port Arthur, and that the pres
ent object of General Kuroki with the
first army, supported by General
Nadya with the third army, now land-
Ing near Takushan, is to watch Gen
eral Kuropatkin and prevent a move
southward, which would take Oku and
the second army on the» Liaotung Pen
insula in the rear.
Will Hold Off Kurppatkih While Port
Arthur Is Being Attacked.
KUKOKI'S PJLAN OF CAMPAIGN".
MAY WITHDRAW
PAPAL EMBASSY
Volunteers Rout Chinese Bandits.
VLADIVOSTOK, May 24. — Chinese
bandits are active in this vicinity. A
party on a flotilla of boats, while pil
fering along the shore, was pursued
by a boat manned by seven Russian
volunteers, who routed the maraud
ers. One volunteer was killed.
The following dispatch from General
Kuropatkin to the Emperor, dated
May 23, was received .to-day:
"Our cavalry outposts on May 22 and
23 observed a movement of a portion of
the Japanese forces westwardly along
the Haicheng road, six miles from
FeYigwangcheng.
"On May 21 a Japanese detachment,
consisting of six companies of in
fantry and three squadrons of cavalry,
attacked some Cossack.-; en the heights
on the right bank of the Sedezi River,
near the village of Pootteikha, When
the engagement began the Japanese
cavalry remained under cover and the
infantry, which declined to cross the
valley, maintained a distant and al
most harmless fire, without sparing
ammunition. A small party, unsup
ported, tried to cross the river for the
purpose of turning our left flank, but
was driven back by the charge of Cos
sacks and the fire from the heights.
Toward evening the Japanese retired.
Our losses were ten Cossacks wound
ed."
The optimistic sentiment which gains
grc-und is reflected on the Bourse here,
where four per cents have risen to
91.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 24.—Expec
tation is running high in St. Peters
burg. According to the latest news.i
General Oku's army, which has receiv
ed fresh reinforcements, is marching
toward Port Arthur,' where General
Fook is instructed to offer the utmost
resistance. At the same time, it is
known that General Kuroki ha3 been
daily strengthening his extensive lines,
which he found too weak to face the
Russian forces. General Kuroki's army
will soon be sufficiently reinforced to
give battle, as fresh, forces are con
stantly arriving. Military experts es
timate Japanese strength west of the
Yalu at 200.000 men.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright 1004, by the New York
-Herald Publishing. Company.
Kuropatkin Eeports Affray
of Cossacks and a Jap
anese Detachment.
It is rumored from Brussels that the
Russian Government is making great
efforts to buy thirty large steamships
from Belgium and Holland, to accom
pany the Baltic fleet as colliers.*
The Standard's Tientsin correspond
ent asserts that the Chinese Govern
ment is still levying heavy military
contributions from the provinces, and
he thinks that this accumulation of sil
ver at Peking foreshadows some fool
hardy action by the Chinese.
i Special Cable *r> The Call and New York Her-
I aid. Copyright. 1004. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company..
SE^UL, May 24.— Kinchou, north of
! PojJ/ 1 Arthur, is being besieged by the
Japanese. Its surrender is expected at
any moment.
I LONDON, May 25.— The correspond
ent of the Morning Post at Mukden,
under date of May 24, says it is be
lieved there that General Rennen
kampff's Cossacks captured two Japan
ese transport columns, thus leaving the
Japanese army without supplies in a
difficult country.
The Daily Mail's correspondent at
Shimonoseki, Japan, cabling under date
of May 24. asserts that active prepara
tions are -in progress for the reduction
of Port Arthur, and that these prepa
rations have been intrusted to a care
fully chosen force of veterans, forming
a part of the third army. Very heavy i
artillery, the correspondent says, is be- j
ing landed on the Liaotung Peninsula.
Dispatches to the Daily Telegraph
show that on May 16 the Japanese ]
headquarters were still at Fengwang- I
cheng. This the correspondent attrib- |
utes to the necessity for Joint action j
with the Japanese army which has
landed at Pitzwo. Communication has I
not yet been established by the two !
armies, but it is expected to be effected
within a few days. The dispatches say
that the telegraph line between Feng
wangcheng and the south has been
cut by Russians disguised as Chinese.
A Russian transport is moving from
Liaoyang in the direction of- Mukden,
but it is not known whether this means i
a retirement of the army or merely |
the removal of winter clothing, which j
is no longer needed.
Loss Places the Army of In
vasion in a Precari
ous. Position.
At the conclusion of the President's
address Dr. Peabody announced that
President Roosevelt would present the
prizes. The boya who had won honors
during the year were called to the plat
form and President Roosevelt shook
hands with each one and passed him.
the prize, in most cases a book.
HARTFORD. Conn.. May 24. —
President Roosevelt's private train ar
rived here at 10:30 to-night. The
President was presented with a hand
some lot of flowers by the Brother
hood of Locomotive Firemen. The
train then left for Poughkeepsie. At
various stations along the route from
Grpton the train stopped and the
President made brief addresses to the
assembled citizens.
"Boys and men," he said, "possessing
such qualities -will not be snobs. There
are in social and civil life worse crea
tures than snobs, but no creature is
more contemptible."
The President alluded to the athletics
of modern school life, saying that he
believed in athletics and sports and in
the spirit which was back of them. He
also referred to the advantages of
training in public schools, which train
ing he believed to be most beneficial
because of the democracy of the Insti
tutions.
GROTON, Mass.. May 24.— President
Roosevelt's triD from Washington to
be present at the Groton school to-day
and participate in the annual prize day
exercises was accomplished without
especial incident, save that at a num
ber of stations which were passed after
daybreak to-day the citizens assembled
to greet him.
In his remarks to the students the
President said that if a boy had not
pluck, common sense and decency he
was a pretty bad sort, and a man with
out these qualities was even worse. He
admonished them that they must not
in any degree become "prigs," and
urged them to be strong, to be decent
and to be resourceful.
•'The Lord, thouph it may shock you.
Mr. Shearn. was responsible for that."
Prior to the Temple Company agree
"n*pr.t Simpson & Watkins, said Baer,
*>pPrated the mines on lease. The
jnjne? were owned, the witness thought,
'iff the raiiroads that tarried the coal.
.The Temple Iron Company directly
sells no coal except locally at the mines,
the witness said. The coal was brought
.t"6. tidewater by the railroads connect
ing with the collieries.
' Baer could not recall the price of coal
>»er tofc for mining. He said the cost
.varied from month to month and year
"lo year, but had been higher since the
strike commission decision thtan before
that time. Meanwhile bituminous prices
.had decreased, he said, and anthracite
"prices had been reduced to meet them.
-Farmer President Walter of the Le
high Valley Coal Company was called
'to the stand. Walter said he was pres
ident of the Lehigh Valley Coal Com
pany while he was president of the rail
road company. For tidewater coal the
railroad paid the coal company from 50
*to €5 per cent of tidewater prices. The
coal companies* production cost was on
a basis of CO per cent to the miner and
40' per cent to the company, the witness
fcaid. and in 1901 the proportion was
changed to €5 and Z7> per cent.
" Shearn sought to show i>y the wit
ness that the Lehigh Valley road re
bated to the Lehigh Valley Coal Com
*pany and practically greatly reduced
the carrying rate, but Walter's memory
•was a blank as to details. He made
the assertion that the coal company
paid the published tariff rates. Shearn
asked if it was not true that if the
published rates were paid the Lehigh
Valley Coal Company would lose mon
?y. - Walter answered affirmatively and
said that the coal company borrowed
from the railroad company.
•' Baer was recalled late in the after
• noon.
/.''On a four per cent basis the Read
*ing ought to make f 5,000.000 a year."
said Baer. "and until it does reach that
•figtfie I will not agree that the price
' of coal is too high."
He said in answer to Commissioner
Prouty that reduction in freight tariff
would not necessarily mean lower
prir-es for coal to the consumer if the
operators thought they should get mere
for their product. The allegation that
the carriers purposelv tied up coal
ttaffic in winter or failed to furnish
cars to collieries has no foundation in
.fact, said Baer. There was freight
<-nncestic-n last winter to a degree not
known ir. many years and it was due
to physical conditions.
He continued:
Eaer was asked to produce the con
tracts between the Temple Iron Com
pany and Simpson & Watkins of
Scranton. Pa., dated February 27. 1895.
This* the witness did. together with cop
ios of other contracts. The copies were
Jiled as evidence.
In its decision the Supreme Court di
xected that E. B. Thomas, president of
the Lehigh Valley Company, and W. H.
Truetdale Df the Delaware and Lacka
\va::na answer questions regarding the
fixing of coal rate? at tidewater, trans
portation to tidewater and the manner
ot preparing price circulars. The deci
sion also compels the Temple Iron Com
pany and other operating companies to
produce in open court their contracts
with the carriers.
NEW YORK. May 24.— The Interstate
Commerce Commission to-day renewed
ite inquiry into the anthracite coal
trade based on the complaint of W. R.
H caret against the Philadelphia and
Reading Railroad Company and other
teal carriers, which was continued from
laet September. The first witness called
\\as President Baer of the Philadelphia
and Heading.
On AiTil 4 the Supreme Court of the
United States decided that Hearst's at
torney, Clarence J. Shearn, had the
right to demand answers to his ques
tions relating to the contracts between
the railroads and the operators, by
which contracts it is alleged the coal
trust will be established as a fact and
will be proved to exist in violation of
the Sherman anti-tru?t law.
Kuroki Will. Advance to the
Attack When Sufficiently
Reinforced.
Two Transport Columns Fall
Into the Hands of Keii
nenkampff.
1 General Kuropatkin, after inspecting
the defenses of Liaoyang, advised
Viceroy Alexieff to retreat to Harbin.
NEW YORK, May 24.— The World
publishes the following from Shanghai:
Chinese report that there has 'been an
engagement ' near, Newchwang, which
ended with the Russians fleeing and
abandoning fifty guns.
The . Russians are concentrating to
the rear of Port Arthur and are greatly
strengthening their defenses.
SLAV DISASTER REPORTED.
Chinese Tell or Russian Flight and
Loss of Fifty Guns.
Chief Executive Champions
Athletics as a Feature
of Modern School Life
officer, who was a prisoner here, com
mitted suicide to-day, according to
the ancient Japanese custom, by dis
emboweling himself. He was the son
of the commander of an' army corps.
Additional details of the fight at
Wangchiatun, near Takushan, on
May 20. indicate that the squadron of
Cossacks was almost annihilated by
the Japanese infantry, which sur-.
rounded and completely routed >the
enemy. All of the Russian officers
were killed, wounded or captured.
Natives report that some of the Cos
sacks escaped on foot, abandoning
their equipment. Many killed and
wounded were found on the battle-,
'field. . . . . .
TOKIO, May 24.— General Kuroki
reports that a section of Japanese in
fantry encountered and defeated 200
Cossacks at Toutaokou, eight miles
northeast of Kaungtien. The Cossacks
fled to Aiyuangpienman, leaving twenty
dead. The Japanese sustained no loss.
Squadron of Cossacks Almost-Annihi
lated by Infantry.
TWO JAPANESE VICTORIES.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 2 4. — Ad
ditional details of the disaster to the
protected cruiser Bogatyr confirm the
previous reports to the effect that she
went ashore in a fog at the entrance
of the gulf of Amur, opposite Vladi
vostok. Her guns were taken off and'
some of them were mounted ashore,
to protect the vessel during the sal
vage operations.
Although the statement was posi
tively made yesterday that she had al
ready been blown up, the Admiralty
insists that it is not true and that ef
forts are still progressing to save her,
Vice Admiral Skrydloff having tele
graphed to the Emperor that he
thought he could do so.
Russian Cruiser Still Fast o n the
Hocks "Near Vladivostok.
BOG AT YR NOT BLOWX UP.
The report .transmitted to the Bres
lau Zeitung by Its St. Petersburg cor
respondent and. published May 18 of an
alleged attempt on the life of Emperor
Nicholas has, according to official
statements* the following foundation:
Miss Mereheusky, daughter of Privy
Councillor Mereheusky, and her broth
er, are under arrest for possible impli
cation .in the recent fire at Kronstadt.
She was not arrested at the time of the
May parade^ of troops; no ,bomb was
found upon her and she has ,not been
hanged. ¦":,-. ¦¦" •.: * -
Tho War .Office denies any -knowl
edsjo' of the alleged charges against
Lieutenant Colonel Corlinsky and
Staff Captain Ignetowich of selling
Government riiles and ammunition to
the Chinese, as reported by the Harbin
correspondent of the Frankfurter Zei
tung. The director of the department
of military statistics says that he cer
tainly would have been informed of
such a serious case, as it would have
been submitted to the Emperor.
000 men killed and wounded, and that
the Russians had lost 3000 men, is true,
but as nothing confirmatory has been
received fro'm any other source, the re
port is not given credence. I The Consul
in his telegram said his information
was .obtained from the Chinese. , The
War Office has nothing to confirm his
report. • •,./. 7 ' -¦¦
It is reported from a Chinese source
that the Japanese have evacuated
Fengwangcheng and are occupying vil
lages in the surrounding country. There
is no explanation of this move, but it
is thought that it may be connected
with the prevailing cholera epidemic.
General Kuropatkin has just returned
from a tour of inspection of the Rus
sian camps, with the general health of
which he is greatly pleased.
Prince Khilkoff, Minister of Rail
roads, has arrived here from Harbin.
A typhoon is raging off the coast.
The Russian wounded are rapidly re
covering. Several wounded soldiers de
serted from the hospital and stole back
to the front.
The general plan of the Japanese has
not been divulged. They are appar
ently marking time, awaiting the ar
rival of reserves from Korea, who have
been delayed by the impassability of
the roads. ¦
The Japanese are sending all invalids
in the direction of the Yalu to a cen
tral hospital.
Several Japanese who landed from
junks near Port Arthur -and started
toward the town with the intention of
dynamiting the docks were captured
and shot.
LIAOYANG, May 24.— There is con
tinual skirmishing between the Russian
covalry and the Japanese. Cossacks
are pressing the Japanese in the hills
and byroads, generally driving them
back.
XATIOX NEEDS 3IEX
GREAT BATTLE
OF THE WAR IS
DRAWING NEAR
SLAV RAIDERS
CAPTURE FOE'S
FOOD SUPPLIES
Brown Men Attempting-to Reach Port Arthur With Dyna
mite to Destroy Docks Are Captured and Shot.
Attorneys Question Opera
tow About Compact With
Transportation Companies
ILVILKOAD 3IEX TESTIFY
Interstate Commerce Com
mission Uenews Inquiry
Into Methods of Carriers
President IJooseVelt, in Ad
dress to Students, Irges
Themf^ot to Be 'Trigs"
COAL BARONS
ON THE RACK
HAS NO LIKING
FOR THE SNOB
COSSACKS AND JAPANESE IN DAILY CONFLICT
ON HILLS AND ROADS IN LIAOYANG'S VICINITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY: 25, 1004.
2
11 Never know what it is to b^ restful with a ,«n c So
qo constant aching back. You are "all done out" r«>J'S-^ffife^??®^ If oo
§§ all the time— morning, noon and night the back Jp^S^^S^^^S^®/ **>
eg bothers you— sometimes with sharp shooting ° 9
IS pains, sometimes with slow, exhaustive aches. vW^S^^^^S^^^^' ®*
12 Why don't you rid yourself of that "bad \^§^^^^^^^^^!;f o%
©g back" ? The sure way is to reach the cause— So
qq the kidneys. Doan's Kidney Pills cure every eo
|® form of kidney ill from backache to diabetes, Yiffl sMfMpp/^\ %%
«© dropsy, all urinary and bladder disorders luh^m oo
®§ down to that dread destroyer, Bright's disease. ci4g&£§ h f^ So
! 52 ' The best of proof that this is so. . "-^» ~* *• ••
I ww ¦ OS)
••' A HP ¦ • t T^ • . . O9
|| To San Francisco Ca.I. Sail FrailCiSCO PfOOf !!
9® Readers. I -~ ; 99
OO ;' ...¦' '. • ———————————————— — — —^— — — «— — — — — 4 OO
e» t^~ —^=a ¦ ¦ 09
23 mf^^L/^OBn^S^^^. Captain N. Nason, retired, of 3528 Twenty-second ••
,«© Ml i^^0l^^ ne X^^M street, says: "I am not certain whether a fall I met with o«
!§© W^emSU PHIS, WSli some seven years ago was the primary cause of ray backache %%
'8§ -TwiSSrofcTSi* vSp or not, but I noticed from then on I was subject to attacks. ••-
I •• v iwiTi unrftT^r Knowing that my kidneys were either sluggish or overexcited ••
• 0 NAMt— — .- .: .,_ ~ it struck me if Doan's Kidney Pills were for those organs 00
2§ r> -°~ r— — - — — alone they might help me to tide over a rather severe attack of §§
22 sTATfc— _ — __ __. — backache, and I took a course of the treatment. It stopped ••
Ww • For tr*t> trial box, mall thin coupon to.,,,.- ¦»•'....•.« jtn »t.t*j 5**
22 5S^^^ D^SM^.i^2i the aching. I will be pleased to recommend Doans Kidney ••
35 » ratq * 1 " K ; - I , Pills when opportunities present themselves." 2S
oo U| od
SSceeeoooooceoeeoooeooeaooeooeseoeoooeoeooodooeoocdvioeooosdOdOdoefiOA
OO9»©©9OO»»©9C«OtO9»f<?OCe«©O©O»O#O0OO»O©l>OOOS9COC©O«W«O©OO*tl«©COOea
DOA1TS KIDNEY PILLS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is .a strong point* with'
Hood's Sarsaparilla. A
bottle lasts longer and does
more good than any other.
It is the only medicine of
which can truly be said
100 DOSES ONE DOLLAR
Economy"WASHINGTON, May 24. — The torpedo-boat
destroyer Preble Is to be detached from the
Pacific station and go Into dock for repairs.
Her place will be taken by the destroyer Perry.
SACRAMENTO, May 24. — Assem
blyman -. Phil "Walsh of Oakland ap
peared before the State Board of £x*
. .'V
Awards for State Printing.
"Service of train 506, leaving San ¦ Francisco,
foot of Market street, narrow rauge. 4:15 p. m..
la extended on Saturdays and Sundays from
Los Gatos to Santa Cruz. , Returning. leaves
Santa Cruz, Sundays, 7 a. m.. arriving San
Francisco 10:50 a. m.; Mondays. leaves Santa
Crua 5'-05 a. m,. arriving San Francisco 8:50
a. m. - *
Extension of Train Service.
It is hoped by the delegates to
reach the work of electing grand of
ficers within the next two or three
days. According to the statement of
several of the brotherhood leaders.
Grand Chief Engineer W., S. Stone
will be elected to fill the position
which he now holds by reason of the
death of Grand Chief P. M. Arthur.
There are two other candidates prom
inently mentioned for the place, H. L.
Wills and Matt H. Shay. For the
first assistant grand chief engineer F.
S. Ingraham has no opposition. For
the, office of grand guide there ap
pears to be but one name before the
convention, that of R. W. Kelly of
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, May 24. — The con
vention of the Brotherhood of Loco
tive Engineers resumed consideration
of its insurance report at to-day's
session. The report shows that during
the operation of the insurance . plan
$12,500,000 has been paid out In ben
efits, averaging at the present time
$100,000 monthly to beneficiaries and
disabled members. The Insurance re
port showed a greater advance in that
branch of the brotherhood's work
during the last biennial than at any
time in its history.
Report Made on Operation of Insur
ance Plan in Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers.
BULLIONS ARE PAID
BY ORDER IX BENEFITS
Printers Re-elect President Lynch
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24. — It
was announced from the headquarters
of the International Typographical
Union to-day that returns from the
vote by unions already received insure
the re-election of President Lynch
over C. E. Hawkes by 7000. Secretary
Bramwood is elected over Graham by
from 22.000 to 23.000.
SANTA ROSA, May 24.— Reports
from all sections of the State indicate
great enthusiasm over the coming
State convention of Christian En
deavor societies, to be held in Santa
Rosa from June 29 to July 3 inclusive.
The city is making preparations to en
tertain between 1200 and 1500 dele
gates to the convention and the visit
ors who will gather at the convention
may be greatly in excess of that num
ber. Special trains have been ar
ranged to bring the delegates from Los
Angeles and other Southern California
points and these will make the jour
ney to San Jose and stop over night as
the guests of the Endeavorers of that
city.
The San Jose contingent will also
travel to this city in a special train.
Dr. David P. Anderson, chairman of
the executive committee, and his vari
ous sub-committees are making good
progress -with the arrangements for
the convention and it is anticipated
that the meeting in Santa Rosa will be
one of the best ever held.
City Is Making Elaborate Prepara
tions to Entertain the
Delegates.
MANY EXDEAVORERS WILL.
3IEET AT SANTA ROSA
aminers this afternoon to , urge the
policy of making awards for furnish
ing the State printing office with pa
per on flat bids instead of a sliding
scale. Walsh claimed the State had
lost money in the past by not de
manding flat bids. The board will
consider the matter next Friday.
. .NEW YORK. May 24. — After a
brief agitation the New York City
Mothers' Club has amended its con
stitution in order to admit men as as
sociat" members. The ladies an
nounced that they would gladly re
ceive the necessary membership fee
of $2 from any respectable person of
.the male persuasion who is in sym
pathy with the purposes of the or
ganization. Of course, as an associate
member he will not be allowed to
vote.
Men May Join Mothers' Club.
FINE BUILDING PROPOSED.
Finally, there is the division of pub
lication, which gives out with a lib-/
eral. hand the information secured
through the experiments of the bu
reaus and divisions, as well as the
army of agents at home and abroad.
George William Hill is the chief. He
compiles the Year Book, edits the re
ports and send* out the farmers' bul
letins.
The importance of a department or
the Government devoted to the fur
thering of "the interests of agriculture
was recognized by Washington, who, J
as Presldent/suggested it. The first j
appropriation for this purpose was
made in 1S39 and amounted to $1000
for the distribution of seeds. An in
dependent department was created in
1862. with Isaac Newton the first Com- j
missioner. The department was
raised to the first rank in the execu
tive branch in 18S8, during the term
of Commissioner Norman J. Colman,
who less than a month after being ap
pointed Secretary, was succeeded by
Hon. Jeremiah M. Ryak. There have
been but two successors to the office.
Hen. J. Sterling Morton, 1893-1S97, and
the incumbent, Hon. James Wilson.
From a room in the patent office in
18C2 to the proposed big but said to be
inadequate buidling in 1904 is an index
to the growth of the department for
the future as well as the past. The
building is to be located just'back of
the present building and out of the
line of Senator Newlands' vista 900 feet
wide from the Capitol to the monument
across the* mall. This vista is another
idea of Washington's, at this late day
being carried out by the Newlands bill
to allow no building within its limits.
The arbitrarv lines, seeing that no
other adeauate site has been provided
for the big department building, are
proving rather embarrassing to its
projectors, for it throws the struc
ture close out against B street, with
no room to grow additions and wings,
and the prediction is made that about
the time it Is to be occupied there [
will be need of still renting- the houses
across the street.
The building will comprise three
structures, ' two laboratories flanking
the central executive building, but
joined to it by covered curtains and
corridors. The executive building Is
to me (monumental in character and
square, extending front and back be
yond the line of the laboratories, which
extend' from it 256 feet each way, thus
giving to the building the form of a
cross. The material will be marble or
white granite and, completed, will form
one of the most imposing structures
in the city, a proper token of the im
portance and dignity of the great In
dustry in the interest- of which it is
builded.
A special foreign agent reports upon
these crops in other countries. He es
timates also the number and kind and
condition of animals on the farms and
ranches of the United States. He sends
his reports out by telegraph and by
poster through the mail for the in
formation of the farmer and others in
terested.
An important division of this bureau
is that of foreign markets. It works
to the end that the export trade in ag
ricultural products may be extended.
It gathers information as to the status
of supply and demand throughout the
world and distributes the same. Chief
of the bureau is John Hyde. Chief of
the division of foreign markets is
George K. Holmes.
Then there is the office of experi
ment stations, of which A. C. True is
director, and the j experiment stations
themselves in Alaska, Hawaii, Porto
Rico and several in the United States.
The office maintains relations with in
stitutions for agricultural education
and research throughout the United
States and aids in the formation of
farmers' Institutes. The office is very
effective in that it takes the initiation
along interesting lines. It publishes
the Experiment Station Record, com
prising abstracts of the bulletins and
annual reports of the experiment sta
tions of the United States. Irrigation
investigation and nutrition investiga
tion are conducted by this office.
There is the office of public road in
quiries, of which Martin Dodge is di
rector. It prosecutes inquiries touch
ing the making and management of
systems of roads and conducts experi
ments.
Reprieve for Condemned Chinese.
SACRAMENTO, May 24. — Governor
Pardee " to-day granted a six months*
reprieve for Yung Sing Bow, a Chinese,
who was sentenced to be hanged next
Friday for murder. Physicians of the
State Hospital who examined the Chi
nese say he is insane. •
That insidious little "bulletin" that
flies so frequently from printing presses
underneath the agricultural building
Into the mail boxes of the farmers all
over the country has come to be an in
stitution with them, and they have
through it grown to look upon this de
partment as peculiarly their own— an
BULLETINS ARE WELCOME.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, May 24.— Stakes have
been driven in the mall— that stretch of
green extending a mile west from the
Capitol-*-for the new home of the De
partment of Agriculture. It is to be a
beautiful home, although it will cost
just $1,000,000 short of what Secretary
Wilson asked Congress to spend upon
it. Secretary Wilson is therefore not at
all satisfied with it, although confess
ing that it is a vast improvement upon
the present housing of the department.
That is not much of a concession, how
ever, for it can hardly be said that the
department is housed at all — it is
stowed away in a dozen haphazard
places, more or less distant and inac
cessible from the central building, most
of which is rented and few of which
were remotely designed for its use. The
museum of the department, the de
struction of which would be a great
loss, is In an old ramshackle wooden
building. Many of the bureaus are quite
as poorly disposed; some of them are
broken up through not being able to
get all their members into the one
building provided.
So that to say the proposed structure
improves this condition suggests the
question as to how much. It will bring
the many bureaus that are now em
braced by the department into compact
groups about the executive building,
but it will not leave them much room
to expand. And that is the difficulty.
For this department is one of rapid
expansion, and there is no limit under
the law by which it was created, ex
cept, of course, the annual appropria
tion. And the chances are that as Con
gress is educated to the good works of
this department year by year, so, year
by year, will it raise the denomination
of the treasury warrant as the Secre
tary may desire. And not the depart
ment itself will work upon Congress to
this end as will the farmers of the
country.
stance, in England and Germany. This
bureau maintains a special dairy di
vision which not only gathers and dis
tributes information, but maintains a
system of inspection. It also main
tains an experiment station. The chief
of the. bureau is D. E. Salmon.. .
The Bureau of Plant Industry
studies plant life in all its relations to
agriculture. It has charge of the ex
perimental and test gardens and sta
tions; it searches the world for new
plants and seeds and distributes vast
quantities over the country without
charge. This bureau is the one that,
perhaps, gets closer than any other
to the agricultural community and its
work is of the most far-reaching im
portance. The chief of the bureau is
Dr. Beverly T. Galloway.
The Bureau of Forestry was allowed
by Congress in 1899— just five years
ago — the sum of $28,520. For this
year its provision is $350,000, which is
a sign of the expansion of this par
ticular branch of the department.
The bureau stands between the for
ests and the lumber men for both of
their sakes and for the sake of agri
culture and other interests as well. It
labors for the conservative lumbering
of the forests, it studies commercial
ly valuable trees, takes measures to
protect the forests against fire and
gives practical assistance to tree plant
ers. The importance of the work is
shown in the recent creation of the
bureau from a "division" of another
bureau and in the large funds al
lowed it.
GREAT WORK BEING DONE.
Dr. Harvey W. Wiley has been with
the Agricultural r X>eparJ.ment for
twenty-one years. He was conducting
experiments and making analyses
years before there was any Bureau of
Chemistry, but now he is at the head
of such a department and 120 men
are employed in its service. He can
remember when J 15,000 was gracious
ly alowed by Congress for the Agricul
tural Department and this year he was
granted $50,000 for his department.
The bureau is one of the oldest in the
department, having been organized
with its establishment in 1862. It di
rects its attention to the investiga
tion of soils, fertilizers and irrigation
waters, insecticides, foods of men and
animals, quality of materials used in
road construction, inspection of ex
port and import food products. This
terse statement covers a wide field of
experiments. There is a food labora
tory, a special sugar laboratory, a
dairy laboratory, a road material
laboratory, soil and fertilizer labora
tory, Insecticide and agricultural
water laboratory, drug laboratory,
contracts laboratory. The bureau co
operates with the Association of Of
ficial Agricultural Chemists, with the
experiment stations and also with
other departments of the Government.
There is the bureau of soils, charged
with the study of soils in their rela
tion to practical agriculture. The great
work of this bureau is the classi
fication and mapping of soils in ag
ricultural regions throughout the
country, showing the distribution of
the various soil types with a view to
determining their adaptability to cer
tain crops and their management and
treatment. This is an immense con
tract, but is being steadily prosecuted
with excellent and valuable results.
The work has been carried on in thir
ty-four States and Territories. Of the
area covered In the several States.
North Carolina leads the list accord
ing to the latest report, with 464G
square miles, California following with
3921.
An investigation is also carried on
as to the materials and methods in
volved in artificial fertilization and
its influence upon the original soils.
Extensive investigations have been
and are still being carried on with re
gard to the alkali problem. Milton
Whitney is chief of the bureau.
SYSTEMATIC STUDY OF PESTS.
The study of insects affecting field
crops, orchards, forests, etc., and in
sects in relation to diseases of man
and other animals in all the wide ap
plication of the term Is under the di
vision of entomology, L. O. Howard
chief. The work, of course, is directed
at a cure in every- case. The division
has been having a long and expensive
contest with the cotton-boll weevil,
for which Congress appropriated $258,
000, and despite which the pest still
remains in devastating activity in the
cotton belt. That a cure will be ulti
mately discovered and applied, how
ever, under this patient, persistent and
comprehensive Government system of
investigation as it could not be by pri
vate and sporadic attempts, there ?can
be no doubt. It was this division that
dispatched C. L. Marlatt to China,
who brought back with him several
colonies of the ladybird proving so ef
fective against the San Jose scale and
which brought also the flg fertilizing
insect from Smyrna.
The division of biological survey
studies the geographical . distribution
of animals and plants and maps the
natural life zones of the country. It
encourages the - preservation of the
beneficial and the destruction of . the
injurious species. C. Hart Merriam Is
chief of the division. ' :
The bureau of statistics is an im
portant one. The statistician, through
the agency' of about 250,000 correspond
ents, collects statistics and makes es
timates concerning the products of ag
riculture. He figures up the area sown
to all the leading crops and through
the growing- season collects \ and pub
lishes statements as to their- condition.
The work of the department is di
vided uo among various bureaus, di
visions and offices, each with its chief
and corps of experts. First there is
the weather bureau, the work of which
is most familiar to all the people. The
work of this bureau was one of the
first undertakings of the department.
It was inaugurated by the first Com
missioner of Agriculture, Isaac New
ton, while the present department of
the Government was a mere division
of the patent office. It was at first
given over to the War Department,
subsequently taken back by the Ag
ricultural Department, again handed
back to the War Department and final
ly, thirty years after Commissioner
Newton's suggestion, developed into a
full-fledged bureau, with Willis L.
Moore its present chief. The bureau
maintains stations throughout the
United States and West Indies, 180 in
number, and from their reports fore
casts are made up covering forty-eight
hours and these are published broad
cast. Through an arrangement with
those Governments advices , are re
ceived from Mexico and Canada, the
Azores and also along the Western
coast of Europe. This bureau also
keeps advised through similar stations
numbering nearlv 300 as to the condi
tion of the rivers, and foretells floods.
It gathers statistics on climate and
the condition of the crops and dis
tributes the information and is con
stantly experimenting within and ex
tending the lines of its province.
,The bureau of animal industry in
vestigates the problems "and difficul
ties that beset the live stock indus
try. It fights disease in a compre
hensive and scientific way, inspects the
stock living and the -food products
when entering into interstate and ex
port commerce and bas' been instru
mental in breaking down barriers of
trade by sending inspectors abroad to
countries where American cattle ana
hogs were under the ban, as, for in-
RISE OF A DEPARTMENT.
essential part of their business. Any
thing the Agricultural Department
wants they think it ought to have. And
seeing that there are some six and a
half million farms in this country,
what the farmers, when they get to
gether, say is very likely to "go."
The appropriation ipr the work of
the department is less than one per
cent of the sum of the annual appro
priations, less than one dollar per farm,
less than the cost of one battleship. It
is the only department that turns
money into the pocket of the Govern
ment. Under this condition the farmer
is dispc-sed to say to the Congress, "let
our department do all the good it can."
As an illustration of the expanding
power of the department the multipli
cation of its members or employes will
serve. When Secretary Wilson took
charge seven years ago the census of
the department totaled 1900. To-day it
is 4100— considerably more than doubl
ed. And the increase during the last
two years is above that of the pre
ceding five years. This explains the
labels on the residences and barns all
about the neighborhood as showing
them to be in the service of the de
partment and accounts as well for the
anxiety of the Secretary as to the ade
quacy of the new building. He would
build for the future a little, taking into
account that when the present build
ing was constructed only thirty-six
years ago it was deemed all sufficient.
There are more department workers
outside of that building now than in.
And why this expansion? The law
creating the department defines its
"designs and duties" to be "to acquire
and to diffuse among the people of the
United States useful information on
subjects connected with agriculture in
the most general and comprehensive
sense of the word." By this leave the
Secretary may go into merchandising
if he chose as did Secretary Rusk when
he introduced cornmeal into Europe
and Secretary Wilson when he sent
American dairy products to London to
test the conditions under which they
might enter into competition with
European goods. He can explore the
earth's surface to discover if it have
in any hidden or remote place any de
sirable plant that might be grown to
advantage in some section of our own
diversified soil or climate, or if there
be any art or Insect of plant that
might combat the ailments of our na
tive products. By this right he has
discovered and brought here the won
derful fertilizing insect by which the
growing of Smyrna and Capri figs is
broueht to perfection in California;
dates~ have been brought from Persia
and Africa that have made themselves
at home in California, new strains of
rice from Japan have been domesticat
ed in Louisiana and Texas, Sumatra's
tobacco is made to grow in Connecti
cut, and macaroni wheat is found to
thrive when transplanted in the semi
arid regions of the Northwest; insects
have been brought from far South
Africa and beetles from China and
Japan that have been set to destroy
the destroyers of our fruit trees. Every
foot of soil in the whole country is be
ins tested and mapped, showing its
needs or its best capabilities: the
farmer is being met individually and
in groups and "shown how." educated,
taught his own best capabilities; the
young are being interested in agricul
tural pursuits; farmers are not only
shown the necessity and great advan
tage of £ood roads, but the Secretary
undertakes to show the experts how
the best roads may be made better.
All these things he does and a great
many others and still a great many
others he is going to do when he gets
round to it.
BY S. W. WALL.
VIEW OF THE PROPOSED NEW AGRICULTCRAL, BUILDING. WHICH IS RENDERED XECESSAR1 B\ THE PHENOMENAL
I GROWTH OF THIS DRAN'CH OF THE GOVERNMENT SERVICE. THE STRUCTURE IS TO BE OF THb MOST SUBbTAN
! TIAL CHARACTER AND 1MPOSLNG AI'PUARANCK.
PORTLAND, Or., May 24. — Irwin
Mahon, for years secretary of the
American Mining Congress, has an
nounced that he will not be a candi
date for , re-election at the coming
convention, which is to meet in this
city during August next.- Competition
for this office is always keen, as it is
expected the man chosen will become
secretary of the department of mines
and mining 1 , which it is firmly be
lieved will be added to the President's
Cabinet shortly.
Secretary of the American Mining
Congress Does Xot Desire a
Re-Election.
MAIION' WILL NOT RUN
FOR COVETED OFFICE
LOS ANGELES. May 24.— Mrs. M. G.
Stratton, wife of a steamfltter, took the
life of her four-month-old babe, by ad
ministering a dose of carbolic acid
mixed with laudanum, and then com
mitted suicide by taking: a dose of the
same poison at her home in this city
late to-day.
The discovery of the bodies of the
mother and child was made by a six
year-old son of tne dead woman upon
his return from school. His cries for
help attracted the neighbors, who found
the babe dead and Mrs. Stratton bare
ly alive. She^died before medical as
sistance could reach her. Mrs. Stratton
had been ill and despondent for some
time. She was 28 years old. /
Despondent Woman Causes
a Double Tragedy in Her
Home in Los Angeles
SON GIVES THE ALA&M
The Judiciary committee made a
special report late to-day upon the
question as to whether the Philippine
field could be treated as '"foreign ter
ritory" with reference to the mission
ary Bishop situation. Th*» judiciary
< oinmittee decided that it might be so
treated. It is possible that the episco
pacy committee will recommend a mis
sionary Bishop for this field, but
ecareeiy rirobable at this late stage of
the conference.
There was very little interest in the
••lection of editors, as the field had
been" thoroughly canvassed by the re-
candidates and in most cases
there was but one nomination for each
office. The Southwestern Christian
Advocate, published at New Orleans,
furnished tne only contest and it took
two ballots to elect R. E. Jones to the
editorship of that publication. Other
editors named are: Methodist Review,
\Y. V. Kelly; Christian Advocate. J. M.
Buckley, New York; Western Christian
Advocate, L«vi Gilbert; Northwestern
Christian Advocate, D. D. Thompson;
'Central Christian Advocate, C. B.
Spencer: Pittsburg Christian Advocate,
<-. W. Smith. Pittsburg; Pacific Chris
tian Advocate, D. L. Rader, Tacoma;
Christian Apologist. A. J. Nast. and
Editor of Haus and Herd, Frederick
Munz.
There was a warm and prolonged de
bate agair.st the fixing of Philadelphia
as the place of residence of a member
«>f "the Episcopal Board, as was also
the case in regard to Cincinnati. There
¦was" a strong effort made to substitute
Fort Worth for Philadelphia and when
this failed the champions of the Texas
city sought to have it substituted in
place of Buenos Ayres. Both failed,
hcrwever, aVid in the end the report of
the episcopacy committee was adopted
\rithout change. The places adopted
are as follows: New York. Boston,
Philadelphia. Nashville. Buffalo. Cin
cinnati, Chattanooga. St. Louis, Chi
cago, Minneapolis. Denver, Portland,
Sa*n Francisco, Zurich. Switzerland;
Buenos Ayres an,d Shanghai. The
episcopacy committee will report to
morrow its recommendations upon the
assignment of the sixteen Bishops to
these places.
¦¦ ?¦
LOS ANGELES. May 24.— The Meth
odist General Conference held two long
sessions to-day, lasting frcm 8:30 a. m.
until £ p. m.. with a brief adjournment
at noon for luncheon. The greater part
of the day was taken up in speech
making, incident to fixing the places
of episcopal residences.
• At the morning session editors for
ten church publications were elected,
¦th,e Epworth Herald being omitted
fiom the li^t. It will come up for
special action after the report of the
Epworth League committee shall have
been presented to the conference. The
leport of the committee on the con-
Boiidatico of the benevolent societies
of the church took up considerable
time, but was not finally acted upon
and was made the special order of the
day for to-morrow after recess.
Los Angeles Session Over
the Choice of Cities
Prolonged Warm Debate at
EPISCOPAL RESIDENCES
Methodist General Confer
ence Selects Men to Direct
the Church Publications
Steamfitters Wife Kills
Her Child and Then
She Takes Her Own Life
. ......
Proposed Structure, While Magnificent in Design and Detail, Is Said
to Be Inadequate in Its Plans to Meet the Demands of the
Most Expansive of the Various Government Departments
DELEGATES NAME
THEIR EDITORS
MOTHER GIVES
INFANT POISON
WORK IS BEGUN ON THE NEW
BUILDING FOR AGRICULTURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1904.
3
ADVEBTISEJCENTS.
DOCTOSS ESDOESE HEBPICTDI!
Because Its Formula Is Submitted to
Them. :..* ; V
Alexander McMillan. M. D., a promi-
nent physician of Lansing. Michigan,
writes: "On three cases I have teste'd
Herpicide for dandruff and the result has
been all that could be desired."
Herpicide is made upon an entirely
new principle, that is. that dandruff and
falling hair are caused from a microbe
that infests the hair bulb. and. by de-
stroying the microbe one's hair is bound
to grow luxuriantly. Herpicide is th«
only hair remedy that claims to and
really does destroy the dandruff germs.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c. in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children.
The Kind You Hate Always Bought
Bears the STf? yZfj-*-^
Signature of C/u&styfc J<C4&/U&Z
There are twenty differen:
cinnamon barks, and they cost
from 4 to. 55c lb. This ex-
plains the market, all but one
particular. Schilling's Best is
the best with the coarser pieces
picked-out; not thrown-away;
oh no ; they go to some less
particular grinder.
NEW ADVEBTISEMESTS.
npo you
Our suggestion is a timely
one. You need it— we give it
to you free. You will be in-
terested in one of these
BATH ROBES
They come in domestic and
imported crash — a large va-
riety to select from — in plain
and fancy colors— all sizes to
fit any one.
PRICE $3.50
Better ones also.
Bath Slippers — a complt j-
selection from
75c to $2.00
HOUSE COATS
We are direct importers and
carry the largest stock of*
these goods in the West. A
home comfort garment —^perr-
fectly tailored. A good one
for
$5,00
ROOS BROS.
K EAR NY AT ; POST .
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
THOUSAiS HAVE KIDNEY
TROUBLE MB DON'T KNOW IT
S" I 8 HO lift- tiilRfiil uZ^^ i ' j^ sssssi
I .. ?::$¦¦:•,:.! V E { I li Wl 1 I |Kv":J^ ;^ SL ff "
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
will do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more slcknesa
and suffering than any other disease — therefore, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sick or *-feel badly/' begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys begin to get bettcc* they will hrlp all tho
other organs to health. A trial will convince anyone.
The mild and immediate effect of brickdnst or sediment In the urine.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame back. <iizii-
bladder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
stands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble,
cures of the most distressine cases, skin eruptions from bad blood. neural-
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- g?a, rheumatism, diabetes, bloating, ir-
tem right, and the best proof of this ritability. worn-out teelinjr. lack of am-
is a trial. bition. loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
63 cottage ST.. melrose. mass. or Brifjht's disease.
J>ar Sir: Jan. 11th, 1004. jr vou - wa t» r uh-n allowed to re-
"Evfr since I was In the army I hafi mow V TOU ' W3l . er % »nen aiiowea *O re-
or let.* kidney trouble, and within the past mam undisturbed in a firiass or pottle lor
y*ar it became so severe and complicated that twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
I suffered everything and was much alarmed — .. J , . , -^
\ my strength and power wu fa»t leaving me. settling or has a clondy appearance. Jt
i uw an advertisement of swamD-Root and j 9 evidence that your kidneys and
wrote asklns for advice. I be^an the use of v . . , « :__j!5t««- .»»_.,, :.X-
j the mtdiclne and noted a decided improvement bladder neevt immediate attention,
after taking Swamp-Root only a short time. Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
th,tTa m U «ti l^y U cur l ed d^ SSSfin^^K Dr. Kilmer; the eminent kidney and
to be yen- «ure about this, i had a doctor ex- bladder specialist. Hospital3 use it
amtne «ome of my water to-day, and he pro- _*,u .,.„.-.,)„,-;, ,1 ...,.<> •«¦ KntK •litr^ih
Bounced It all rlKht and In i-plendld condlUon. Wlt " wonderful SUCCCS3 in t>Otn SUZJlt
I know that your Swamp-Root is purely vtg- and severe cases. Doctors recommend
eteble and doea not contain any harmful : t to their oaticts and use it in their
drug:". Thankine you for my complete recov- ll lo * .,. P a "|f" 15 * I1U "* c " "* lu : u
try and recommending Swamp-Root to all suf- own families, because thev recognize
UTtTm - J mm -" Very l n g SSchahdson in Swamp-Root the greatest and most
•- '¦• - . " ' successful remedy.
Yon may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, is for sale at drug stores the world
sent free by mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
you may test its virtues for such dis- prices— fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name. Swamp- Root. Dr.
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged Kilmer's Swamp- Root, and the ad-
to pass your water frequently nijdit and dress Binghamton. N. Y.. on every
day, smarting or irritation in passing, bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— So successful is Swamp- Root in promptly
curing even the most distressing cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
bles, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle
and a book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The
book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women cured. The value and success of
Swamp-Root is so well known that o— : readers are advised to send fcr a
sample bottle. In send-ne vour address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binzham-
toh, N. Y.. be sure to sav vou read this generous offer in the San Fran-
cisco Daily Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
of this offer.NON-UNION MILLMEN .
ARRIVE IN STOCKTON
¦ Captain Russell said: "Yes, I saw,
the boat sink. It went down at exacts
ly 3:15, just about fifteen minutes after,
it struck. We had no available boats
here, yet several of my guards volun~
tered to go put in a rowboat. We were,
about to start out, when we saw that
the life boats had left the vessel : and
headed the other way. If we had. had
a launch here we could have reached
the vessel soon after it struck.'"
The'Oil tank schooner Alton was
built in Stockton in 1900, is of 109 tons
register and valued at- $10,000. The fol
lowing were the'men on the Ill-fated
steamer: Captain, J. J. Denny;' engK
neer, David Blanchard; quartermaster,"
John Ryan ; firemen, Floyd and - Kep
ner; deckhand, John Escavera, and a
Japanese named Charles Okara. .
these same boats turned their course in
the direction of Point Richmond. Those
at San Quentin who witnessed the ca
tastrophe say the boat struck at 3
o'clock and within fifteen minutes was
out of sight. Guard F. B. MoHilton was
the first to notice the vessel.
In an interview he said: "I noticed
the boat as early as 2 o'clock. What
first attracted my attention to it was
that it seemed to be headed this way.
I knew there was no vessel due at San
Quentin and watched it. In a short
time the course was changed, heading
toward Point Richmond. In a few min- r
utes her nose pointed to us again. It
kept up this tacking for fully an hour.'
When it was just near 'The Hen and
Chickens Reef I saw it list to one side
and then swing around. It steadied it - r
self again. A while after a flag was
hoisted. I had notified Captain Rus
sell and he was preparing to go to the;
rescue. I could not see. the name of.
the vessel. I could see quite a number
of people on the top of the vessel, but
could not tell whether there were any
women on board or not." • ¦
WOULD SEND HELP.
When everything was in readiness to
start the guards in the watch tower re
ported the vessel had gone down . and
that two lifeboats were seen putting
oft in the direction of Red Rock. Later
crew of the boat hoisted a distress flaK.
Captain Russell immediately looked
about for means to go to the assistance
of those on board. There were only
two small rowboats at the prison
wharf, and even though there was a
heavy gale blowing two of the guards
volunteered to row out to the vessel,
which was thought to be upon the rocks
fully four miles distant
The Church of England enjoys an in
come of about one million dollars a
week.
WASHINGTON, May 24. — The
weekly crop report of the Weather
Bureau says: On the Pacific Coast
winter wheat sustained slight damage
from drying winds in California, but
the crop promises to do well in Oregon
and Washington. In Southern Minne
sota and Montana rain is needed to
guarantee the late spring wheat.
Drying Winds Damage Wheat.
CORONA, May 24.— Ray and Jerold,
aged 8 and 10 years, sons of W. D.
Powell of this city, were drowned be
tween 3 and 4 o'clock this afternoon
in Pedley's Dam, a mile northeast of
Corona. f
Four little boys left^for the dam
early in the afternoon, and while play
ing on an improvised raft fell into the
water. Two of them reached the bank,
the others losing their lives. The two
boys who were left notified a teamster
in the employ of the San Jacinto Land
Company of the occurrence, but the
man paid no • particular attention,
thinking it a joke. The boys then re
turned to town so badly frightened that
they said nothing about the matter. As
two of Pedley's men were en route for
town this evening they thought they
would jso to the dam and see if there
was any truth in the boys 1 story. They
discovered the little fellows' clothes on
the bank." and after a short search re
covered the bodies, which were brought
to town this evening at the father's re
quest. The Coroner at Riverside has
been notified and an inquest will be
held in the morning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WESTON, Or., May 24.— His clothing
stained a sickly yellow and redolent of
the odor of stale eggs, President Robert
C. French dodged across the campus
of the Eastern Oregon State Normal
School a night or: two since in an ef
fort to conceal an unpleasant-adven
ture with a number of men supposed
to be employes of the Weston brick
yard.
The effort at secrecy failed and the
story leaked out. At a faculty meeting
one of tne women teachers charged
President French with making unkind
remarks about her keeping company
with a young man employed in the.
brickyard. "No one but hoboes work
in a brickyard," was the unkind retort.
This slur was quickly repeated to the
one interested, and the fusillade of bad
eggs followed at the first opop^tunity.
Other matters have caused dis
coTd among the members of the^ fac
ulty, and the people of, Weston arc
taking active sides. It. is alleged that
the attentions of Professor Cheesmon,
a youthful Instructor, to a teacher have
aroused the ire of the president. Chees
mon is supposed to.be engaged to the
sister of the president. The sister is a
resident of a* valley town, and Chees
mon's friends say his show of affection
to the Weston lady is purely platonlc.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Head of the Eastern Ore
gon Normal School Has a
Very Exciting Experience
Youngsters That .Were Play|
,ing on a Raft Fall Into the
Water and Are Drowned
EGGS SPATTER
A PRESIDENT
TWO BOYS LOSE
LIVES IN A DAM
Excursion to Kake Tahoe.
The first Tahoe excursion of the season will
leave San Francisco Saturday. May 28. at 8:05
p. m. Tickets will be good to /return on any
regular train. Overland Limited excepted. ar
riving aft San Francisco on or before June 3.
Round-trip rate, exclusive of sleeper accom
modations. $S 50. Tickets sold in Oakland and
San Francisco. Ask Southern Pacific agents.*
Scholars Visit "Wizard" Burbank.
SANTA ROSA, May 24.— Dr. David
Starr Jordan, and Professor Vernon L.
Kellogg. M. S., of Stanford University
are guests of Luther Burbank in this
city. They will remain until Wednes
day evening, when they will continue
their journey. into Lake County. They
came here to consult the world-re
nowned horticulturist on matters of
evolution in plant life. Dr. Jordan and
Professor Kellogg are collaborating: on
a scientific work along that line.
The dealers burned the veterans to
signalize the passing of this make of
instrument, which the trade has had to
take in exchange, but for which there
was a limited market.
Harry Edward Freund, who origi
nated the scheme as the event of a
convention of -piano dealers, applied the
flame to the pyramid, which had been
built in the form of a square in Chelsea
Heights, far..ejiou'gh removed from the
city to avoid danger from the sparks.
Mayor F. P. Stoy feared possible acci
dents, and as a result the site of the
bonfire was not announced until at
night, and then only to the tfiano men
themselves.
The pyre of tunemakers was set afire
at half-past 10 o'clock, with an engine
company and a squad of police on hand
to protect property and maintain order.
The pyramid ( Was a collection of in
struments worn to death in service. For
the occasion an ode had been prepared
and it was read as the flames reduced
the pile to ashes. . .
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., May 24.—
There were not a thousand square
pianos, but there were enough to make
a small mountain of old instruments
when a torchlight at Atlantic City put
the old heirlooms out of trade.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PIANOS FUEL
FOR BONFIRE
NEWPORT, R. I., May 24.— Mr. and
Mrs. Reginald Vanderbilt, who are go
ing to Philadelphia for the horse show
next week, have discovered that there
are-more ways than/one of making the
trip, which usually includes New' York
en route. They will leave here for
Boston next Friday and there will take
a steamship for Philadelphia, thus-giv
ing District Attorney Jerome and his
subpena servers the go-by.
Vanderbilt, who has remained con
sistently outside of New York ever
since the District Attorney obtained
the passage of an antl-gambllng bill to
make several men testify as to occur
rences at Richard Canfield's alleged
gambling-house in East Forty-fourth
street, New York City, will take sev
eral horses to Philadelphia. They also
will go by steamship, and not even the
"whisk of their tails will be allowed to
enter the vision of the District Attor
ney's detectives.
It is so seldom that any one leaves
here for Philadelphia' without taking
the conventional railroad route through
New York that Vanderbilt's plan for
his trip made some comment. It is
said that he Is disinclined to testify in
the examination which the District At
torney has had prepared for so many
months.
While District Attorney Jerome has
never named Vanderbilt as the person
whom he had in mind when he made
his remarks about the "son of a wealthy
family" who lost $400,000 in flve nights
in Canfield's exclusive place, some of
the New York State Senators In attack
ing the Jerome bill before its passage
entered Into a vigorous protest against
what they termed attacks upon the
Vanderbilt family.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STILL DODGING
JEROME'S MEN
Several of the officers and guards at
Ban Quentin prison witnessed the sink
ing of the steamer and were first to re
port the vessel in distress. One of the
iruards first saw It and reported it
to Captain Russell. Shortly after the
SEEN AT SAN QUENTIN.
For three-quarters of a mile east of
the Fan Pablo dock the shore was coat
od with crude oil and wreckage from
the foundered steamer. Nowhere,
however, could anything be found bear
ing the name of the ill-fated vessel.
William Varley, an employe on the
"dock, thought the steamer intended to
, tie up there, and as she swung around
in*uch an erratic manner he watched
her heading across the ship channel.
When about a mile from shore she
again ehangred her course and ap
peared to be pitching badly. Though
the wisd was blowing a gale there was
considerable haze on the bay, and the
last Varley saw of her she appeared
•ro be sinking by the head and had con
siderable list to rtort.
•John Foley. also an employe on the
dock, had his attention called to the pe
culiar actions of the steamer when she
approached the landing. He said:
"It looked to me as if the Alton in
tended to tie up at the dock, but in
stead cf that she simply butted in and
then headed out into the channel. Her
great tanks stuck high into the air,
¦while the hull appeared to be very low
in the water. I watched her until Ehe
grot, out of sight in the haze, and just
as she disappeared I thought she had
gone down." '
L. Palrr.tag, engineer at the San
Pablo dock, tells the same story as the
other employes regarding the steam
er's disappearance, but adds that she
appeared to turn around and change
her course three or four times, as if her
steering gear had been damaged and
nil control of her headway lost.
James McKenzie had noticed the ves
* sfl before she headed in toward the
dock and later as she started on her
fatal trip toward the San Quentin
shore. When the wreckage began to
drift into the little cove half a mile
cast of the dock he was one of the first
to Investigate such articles as came
tshore. Half of a valise was found
which had evidently belonged to
Claude E. Kepner, as a package of let
ters addressed to that name! care of
the steamer Alton, was found among
its contents.
According to eye-witnesses the steam
•ef, was headed for San Fran
cisco, appeared to become unmanage
• able when near Point San Pablo dock,
f he was headed toward the San Quen
tin shore, but such a heavy sea was
running and the wind blowing with
Euch force that she made but little
progress.
Excitement was occasioned ¦ along
the water front yesterday afternoon
by the report that one of the river
steamers with a heavy passenger list
had struck Red Rock in San Pablo Bay
¦ #nd pone down in a few moments with
nearly all on board.
Rumors flew fast and as the bay was
very rough great apprehension was
. .felt by people who had relatives and
.frler.ds aboard any of the steamers.
The first report *vvas to the effect that
ijje Stockton steamer Herald had been
-lost in the accident.
'There " appeared to be no way to
'. verify or deny this rumor, as many erf
• ibe boatmen along the front declined
te -make the passage across Raccoon
"Straits on account of heavy seas.
Later Investigation developed the fact
'that it was the Pacific Ceast Oil Com
pany's steamer Alton, Captain James
J. -Denny, which had foundered near
Red Rock in San Pablo Bay at 3:30,
6ut without any loss of life.
John Escavera, one of the crew of
the Alton, stated there were seven men
on the steamer at the time of the
foundering and that all were saved.
His explanation of the foundering of
the steamer is as follows:
"We were coming down the bay emp
tj. The Jargre tanks, which carry about
25.000 gallons of oil, made her top-
Jieavy, and in the heavy sea she was
"strained so badly that she sprang a
leak. It was the intention to beach her
near San Pablo Point, but when we
reached there she became unmanage
• able and we drifted with the tide to-
V - ard Rod Rock. Signals of distress
were raised, and just a few seconds be
lore she toppled over and went down
. we launched the lifeboat, and after an
hour's hard work succeeded in reaching
tki.e rhore near the town of Point Rich
- mond."
- EYEWITNESSES' STORIES.
. Rumors of Loss of Lives
by Sinking of River Boat
Cause Anxiety, but Prove
Without Any Foundation
Miss Adams spent the day quietly
receiving old friends, who had known
her since she wns a little girl. She
visited the house where she was born
and drove about to see the sights fa
miliar to her childhood. Her mother
was waiting for her here and will go
on with her to San Francisco.
Miss Adams was born of Mormon
parents. Her mother has never sev
ered her connection with the church.
SALT LAKE, May 24.— Maude Ad
ams walked out on the stage of the
Salt Lake Theater to-night as Bab
bie in "The Little Minister" and a
crowded house gave a thunderclap of
applause. It was on the stage where
she made her debut as a child and
where her mother before her had first
played., jit was in the theater de
signed by Brigham Young, which her
grandfather helped to build. It was
in. the city of her birth, which had not
had a chance to welcome her in eight
years. ,
The house went wild. The ap
plause started with a crash. Miss
Adams must have been prepared in
some measure for what was coming,
but she looked startled— even afraid.
Then she smiled.
The applause rumbled on and on,
dying at times into sounds like the
crackle of musketry, then rising again
into salvos. Those who. were looking
at. Miss Adams through opera glasses
saw the tears pouring from her eyes.
She bowed ever so slightly and ran off
the stage. It was only a moment be
fore she came' back and the play went
on. No actress ever had a heartier
reception.
After the performance a loving cup
was presented to her by members of
the old amateur company with which
she once played. Governor Heber M.
Wells, formerly himself a member of
the company, made the presentation
speech.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
John D. Spreckels, George A. Knight
and M. A. Gunst of the transportation
committee will to-day send out a cir
cular to delegates and alternates, giv
ing advance information regarding the
trip.
The train will probably consist of one
baggage car, one composite car con
taining smoking-room and barber shop,
one dining car and three Pullman
sleepers.
J. Steppacher, secretary of the Cali
fornia delegation, was yesterday ad
vised by wire that one large room in
the Auditorium had been reserved for
headquarters of the delegation and fif
teen other rooms booked for delegates.
Word was wired that there were no
more rooms in the Auditorium. Hence
Californians, other than the delegates,
must look elsewhere for hotel accom
modations. :i :: ~,~i'-
The California delegation to the Re
publican National Convention will
travel from San Francisco to Chicago
on one of the best special trains ever
placed on the rail. It Is understood
that the Southern Pacific, Union Pacific
and Chicago and Northwestern manar
gers will see to it that no back number
Pullmans are put in. It is expected
that the train will be first class in
every detail and equal in all respects
to the cars provided for first-class spe
cial service between New York and
Chicago.
Already seventy passengers of the
required one hundred are listed for the
trip. Delegations fr/>m Nevada and
Hawaii will very nearly make up the
complement. Fulton G. Berry of Fres
no. Charles H. Spear of Alameda and
several other well-known Californians
have reserved accommodations on the
special.
A. Ruef, who is an artist in some
lines and particularly in the line of de
signing badges, fancies that the badge
of the California delegation, showing a
brilliant sunburst in the Golden Gate,
will not be surpassed in beauty and
Btyt£ by any other State emblem. The
btldge will also display the redoubtable
bear. Hammersmith & Field are mak
ing a limited number of these beautiful
and somewhat expensive badges. Each
delegate will have one for himself and
several for distribution as souvenirs of
the convention.
SPLENDID TRAIN ASSURED.
To-day Senators Perkins and Bard
will exchange greetings. There is an
impression in political circles that the
senior Senator will preserve strict neu
trality in the event of an animated
contest between Senator Bard and Mr.
Oxnard, but the inference is denied that
the junior Senator, on the grounds of
reciprocity, will expect something more
favorable and inspiring from Senator
Perkins than cold neutrality.
Senator Bard brings encouraging re
ports concerning the enthusiasm and
unity in Republican ranks of the East.
He would not be surprised if the nomi
nation for Vice President should fall to
Mr. Hitt. l
The aspiration of Henry T. Oxnard
to serve California in the Uniied States
Senate were spoken of and reference
was made to the fact that Mr: Oxnard,
in New York, some time ago, made
known his purpose to enter the con
test and received from the Senator an
assurance that such candidacy would
not in any sense disturb their friendly
relations.
OXXARDS ASPIRATIONS.
The Senator says very frankly that
he would appreciate the honor of re
e.'ection to tha United States Senate
and would take pleasure in serving the
State for another term in Congress. He
maintains, however, that he is hot an
active candidate, preferring that the
people of California should decide them
selves, without direct solicitation on
his part, whether they desire his re
election to the Senate. He • refers to
the correspondence published some time
ago regarding his attitude toward the
question of the Senatorship and admits
that several of his friends in the south
regret that he was not more explicit.
He feels, nevertheless, that his position
was fairly understood in Riverside,
where his candidacy was indorsed by
the convention.
Thomas R. Bard. United States Sen
ator, accompanied by Mrs. Bard, ar
rived In the city last evening from
Washington, D. C, and registered at
the Occidental Hotel. They will remain
in San Francisco until next Saturday
and then go to Hueneme, Ventura
County.
PORTLAND, Ore.,. May 24.—Disguis
ed In a baseball uniform and seated in
a buggy beside the man she loved.
Miss Bessie Anderson, 16 years old, and
reported to be of remarkable beauty,
fled from the home of her parents at
Turner, Oregon, and passed through
the center of that town without being
recognized by the people wno thronged
the streets Sunday.
Frank Davis, a resident of. Turner,
and a Deputy Sheriff of Linn County
are in Portland to-day searching for
the girl and Vance Nodlne, who is al
leged to have accompanied her in her
flight. The searchers struck the trail
of the fleeing couple shortly after their
sensational elopement and followed
them to the foothills of the Santlam
country, but there their trail was lost.
It is believed that they took the train
and came to Portland.
Nodine is a married man and left a
family at Tillamook when he started
forth to see the world in company with
a 16-year-old girl, whose trousseau con
sisted of a pair of knee trousers and
other baseball regalia. The missing
girl is the daughter of John Anderson,
section foreman of Turner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HIGH SEAS DAMAGE
HER STEERING GEAR
Demonstration Occurs in the
•Theater Where She Made
Her Debut as a Child
Companion of the Runaway
Is Said to Be a Mar
ried Man of Tillamook
CITY OF HER BIRTH
OFFICER ES T PUK3UIT
Delegates to the Bepublican
National Convention Will
Engage a Special Train
ATTITUDE OF PEBKINS
Oil Tank Steamer Founders
Near lied Bock in San Pab-
Jo Bay. but. Crew Succeeds
• in 3Iaking Shore in Boat
long as they have money— the others
are sent.
Suppose your firemen leave your
ship at some port. What are you going
to do? Hire Asiatics, and the result Is
that, while you are nominally sailing
under the American flag you are sail
ing under a foreign one. You might
just as well try to catch a blackbird in
the air as to make those firemen come
back. . - . - • :
"A foreigner might come in and take
away our coast trade. But let me tell
you that on the lakes the lowest rates
are paid that are paid anywhere in the
world. Six. years ago wages were high,
but ingenuity and dispatch gave the
best service in the world."
McDermott pressed the question of
governmental aid.
"But is the Government able to go
far enough?" asked Hill. "If you will
admit foreign-built ships free,". said
he, "you will get a. merchant marine
quickly." , *
"How are we/ going to get. back a
merchant marine?" asked McDermott.
"If you are willing to put a tonnage
tax on- all that goes to a foreign mar
ket, everything that goes out of the
country, even to new markets, I think
you would get the ships. That would
come out of the people.
"The ship subsidy started in about
thirty minutes. I had induced the
Japanese to take -our cotton to mix
with theirs so lhat it would make bet
ter yarn. The Boer war broke out
and we could not get ships on the
Pacific Coast. I had to cancel an
order for 60,000 bales in December.
I carhe East and saw Senator Fair
banks, and Senator Hanna. I asked
why -we could not get ships to- carry
our goods. Senator Hanna said he
would see me in the morning, and he
did. The result was that he opened
his campaign in. Ohio on the ship sub
sidy." .
"Then your remedy," asked McDer
mott, "is an export bounty?"
"Yes, that is it."
HILL IS PESSIMISTIC.
' "You seem to be very pessimistic
over the outlook." said Senator Gal
linger. /
"That is because I have looked at
it from a purely business standpoint.
I built those two ships simply as a
regulator to try the experiment.
"There are only two courses open
either an export bounty or Govern
ment assistance, which would rise
into very large figures."
"Then you are convinced that we
shall have to give some sort of Gov
ernment aid or go out of business?"
asked Senator Lodge.
"Exactly. If you fix a limit of ten
years on the subsidies the favored'
party must make the cost of his plant
in ten years. Otherwise he will sell
out to the other fellow."
"How much do you think would be
required for subsidy?" asked Senator
Mallory.
"Olv 510,000,000 or $15,000,000
would get a lot of tonnage. You might
take it out of the river and. harbor
bill.
"That Japanese line you speak of,"
asked Senator Lodge, "is very skill
fully subsidized, is it not?"
"I talked to Ito about this: he was
with me two or three days and is very
capable. If there is a bounty for the
line It is so skillfully covered up that I
was not able to discoVer it."
The hearing will continue ¦ to-mor
row. ¦'.' ¦'":.'• .--.¦ . r
In answer to a question of. Represen
tative McDermott, Hill said that his
two big ships cost 10 to 20 per cent
more to build here than abroad, add
ing:
"We have very few sailors, even on
pleasure ships. Go to Puget Sound—
the heads of the unions are the board
ing-house keepers. A man who is dead
broke and broken down by excesses is
the man sent to us. Same way along
shore. You hire 200 men as stevedores,
good, competent men, and tell them to
come next day; they don't come as
"I don't think you will make much of
a success of buying merchant marine;
it won't stay with you. You must get
people interested, but there does not
seem to be much disposition on the
part of the people to go into shipping."
QUESTION OF SAILORS.
"We cannot comply with the regula
tions placed on us and compete with
ships of other nations. We have been
forced out.
"They can build ships in England
much cheaper than here. Citizens of
other countries have owned ships for
the last forty years to a greater extent
than we. v*
"I have had experience in building
two ships— the largest frieght carrying
vessels in the World— and I don't want
any more.
"I would rather undertake to build
1000 miles of railroad than two ships.
It has taken four years instead of two.
"If we are going to buy a merchant
marine out of the treasury of the coun
try it won't last long. We must give
people confidence to invest.
"In Japan they have built up a large
marine; they have protected tonnage,
but I do not remember the details.
"Our business on the Pacific is hard;
we have to compete with all nations,
and they are fighting Arery hard tor the
Oriental trade. And I think that we
have placed obstructions in the way of
this trade.
A COSTLY EXPERIMENT.
NEW YORK, May 24.— James J. Hill,
president of the Northern Securities
Company and of the Great Northern
Railway, appeared this afternoon as a
witness before the Merchant Marine
Commission, the joint Congressional
commission which is investigating the
causes of the decline of American ship
ping in order to suggest measures for
remedial legislation.
"The first thing necessary," said Hill,
"is to create a desire in the people of
this country to own ships. It is a
purely commercial question. If there is
a profit in it people will engage in it;
if a loss, it is a question how long the
people will stick. Our conditions on the
high seas as a nation appear hard to
meet. On land, in spite of the high rates
of labor, the United States has been
able to work out a system without an
equal.
"Why we are not able to do this on
the high seas is not clear to me, and as
far as I have investigated it I believe
that no amount of direct bonuses will
build it into a life worth living.
"What the country wants is a mar
ket. Outside of our agricultural prod
ucts — cotton, grain and oil — there are
very few things we can export, be
cause the cost of production is so high.
We cannot sell them. If we would carry
those products in our own bottoms it
would be a source of great profit.
Young Girl of Oregon Wears
a Baseball Uniform and
Escapes With Her Lover
Maude Adams Is Given a
Eemarkable Welcome by
an Audience in Salt Lake
lie-election to the Senate
of the United States Would
Afford Him Great Pleasure
Railway Chieftain Declares That the People Must Become
Interested in Snipping as a Commercial Proposition Be
f.-n? Industry Can Be Re-Established on a Sound Base
SENATOR BARD
COMES HOME
OLD NEIGHBORS
CHEER ACTRESS
DISGUISE AIDS
ELOPING MAID
HILL NOT ENTHUSIASTIC
ABOUT MERCHANT MARINE
ALTON GOES
TO BOTTOM
IN A GALE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, TJ04.
Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
steamers, | etc.. at "low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 35 cents; round trip 50 cents.* Morton
Special Delivery. SOS Taylor." 650 Market, Oak
land , Ferry Depot. Phone JExcharurp 40. . •
Notice' to Passengers.
SAN JOSE. May 24.— The- police
are looking for a genteel- appearing
man who -registered at- the Russ
House here yesterday as W. * B. Wiley
of Normal, 111., and who paid for his
meal with a dollar greenback which
had been raised to ten dolars by? put
ting a cipher . after^the one. To-day
the same man worked" the ; same
scheme at Bercovitch's cigar" store.
Police Search for a Swindler.
STOCKTON, May 24.— Twenty non
union men arrived from San Francisco
this' morning to take the places of
those- locked out of the mills and
warehouses, but the strike committee
declares that they were successful in
prevailing upon several of • the . score
not to go to work. The men declare
that they were misinformed as to the
conditions here. The Sperry Flour Mill
started up this morning, however, with
sufficient men, according to the state
ment of Manager W. P. Steinbeck.
The strikers declare they will be
able to keep. the mills and warehouses
from running in a satisfactory man/
ner through lack of operatives. The
owners, however, "state that they have
all the men they need, as this is the
quiet part of the season. i.-'*
Strikers Declare That Establishments
Cannot Hun Satisfactorily, but /
Owners "Appear. Content. \- ''
4
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;%-'
STATEMENT
¦^ -
OF THE
~ . ¦- v ;-,... ¦
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IX THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1!)C3. and for the year ending on that
day, aa made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to tho pro-
visions of sections 610 and till of the Political
; Code, condensed as per blank fuxnishedi by the
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
In Cash J30O.00O 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company J399.08O 21
Loans en Bonds and Mortgages 761,212 40
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 1,137,674 96
Amount ct Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks. an<J other mar-
ketable t ecurlties as collateral.. 150.210 00
Cash in Company's Of nee 8.217 21
Cash In Banks 97.233 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 11.808 37
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 22S.S393«
Rents due and accrued 2.13929
Interest and rents due 2.08121
Ground rents.- 18,000 00
Total Assets $2.865,504 41
LIABILITIES. —————
Losses adjusted and unpaid f 32.283 22
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 93.138 91
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 16.283 38
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,174,-
00.190; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 687.001 »•
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,156,-
es«38; reinsurance pro rata 634,072 OS
Amounts reclaimable by the In-
sured on perpetual fire Insurance
policies ...' 671,035 01
Commissions and Brokerage, due
and to become due..' 32.684 Of
Total Liabilities '. .$2.011.473 63
IXCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for Flr»
premiums $1,677,298 tt
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages _ S8.811 24
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 84.23S 83
Received for rents 9.900 84
Profit on sale of Ledger Asuets. ... 9.136 78
Income from all other sources 2,333 73
Total Income $1,791.96007
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $144,3S2 82. losses of
previous years) $770,112*7
Dividends tt> Stx-kholrjers 30,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 373.084 91
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 127,773 93
Paid fcr State. National and Local
taxes 40.1361*
All other payments and expendi-
tures 92.4S0M
Total Expenditures $1,442,593 11
~~ Fire"
LOSSES incurred during the year... $777, 2S9 34
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks.. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks)
written during the)
year f $130,803,985 $2,035,459 49
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 142.213,304 1.873.37130
Net amount In force
December SI, 1903.. 187.556.239 2.330, «90. 28
THOMAS H. MONTGOMERY. President.
JOHN H. PACKARD Jr.. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thts 29th
day of January 19O4.
JOHN STOCKBURGER, Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS
411 and 413 California St
SAM FRANCISCO, CAL
C. A. HENRY & GO, CITY AGENTS
215 SANSOME ST.. S. F., CAL,
OF THE
CONDITION" AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AGRICULTURAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE OV
New York, on tho 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
vlP-ons of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Cofle, condensed as per blank furnished by taa
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In cash --_$30a000 00
ASSET^ ""' " ==
Real Estate owned by Company... $306,273 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 673,289 73
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 841,511 75
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
kAable securities as collateral... 443.211 64
Cash in Company's Office _. 8,931 29
Cash in Banks 133.308 3*
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 17.600 57
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 12,265 37
Premium* In due Course of Col-
lection 234.00389
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 1.010 29
* Total Assets I2.66S.355 21
LIABILTTTES. —======*
Losses adjusted and unpaid $26,069 M "
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense S8.041 59
Losses resisted. Including expense*. 13,633 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $913,625 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 456,313 54
Gross premiums o« Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,613.-
hCO 00; reinsurance pro rata 840.520 06
Commission and Brokerage due and
to become due 60,799 44
All other Liabilities 6.333 32
Total Liabilities 436, 958 63
. -¦ " INCOME. — ~— —
• Net cash actually received for Flr»
Premiums • $1,210,343 44
Received fcr interest on Bonds and
Mortgages : 29,83017
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 63,231 0*
Received fcr Henta. 4.312 41
Total Income .jl.312.917 13
EXPENDITURES. ¦;
Net amount paid for "Fire Losses
(including $08.711 49. losses of
psevious years) : $572.083 97
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or '
Brokerage 264,047 67
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and ether ,
charges for officers, clerks, etc. .. 86,738 e3
Paid for State." National and Local „„»
taxes 49.1000S
A15 other payments and expendi-
tures .,...-...i 93.03183
Total Expenditures ._$1.115.133 10
"FlreT
Losses Incurred during the year. . . $581.208 00
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount ¦ of Risks
written during the
jZir $162,639,700 $1,783,643
Nel amount of Risks
expired durlns the
year ". '...•¦ 153.164.700 1.WT.911
Net amount In force
Pecember 31. 1903... 231.372.200 2.527.4.T4
~~ ~~ A H SAWYER. President.
W. H. STEVENS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 21st
day of January. 1004.
L. B. COOKE. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
EDWARD BRCWM & SONS '
GcNTrUL AGINTS
411 and 413 California St.
SAN f RANCISCO, CAL.
GEO. A. MURDOCH & SON, CITY AS NTS
4(0 CALIFORNIA ST., S. fj, CAL.
v S « LES Room of
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.
Thursday, June 9th, At ' 2 °' ciock - Woon
BUSINESS PROPERTIES OF THE
JOSE GUARDIOLA ESTATE
APniNISTRATOR'S SALE
; . ' "' —1—'
. Northeast corner California and Sansome streets, lot 45x90
ft. Improvements, three-story and basement brick building'.
Annual rents $12,390. Ko leases. , „ — . '
Nos. 34 to 53 Sills street. I»ot 90x137:6 ft. Improvements,
modern four-story and basement brick bulldinir. Stores, lofts
s ~ and offices above. Annual rents $17,800. no leases.
3— '" . .,. . '
Nos. 117-119 Pine st. Lot 50x91 :8 ft. Three-story and base-
ment brick building;; Just vacated. Former rent $3600 per an-
num. - Seasonable amount spent in renovation ' will produce
.- largely increajed rent. "^V-v ' •*- ¦-•'¦ '.
. ; - Uos. 318-320 O Tar r ell street, near Mason. Iiot 55x137:6 ft.
Three-story and basement brick building-. (Palo Alto Stable.)
Bent $2100 per annum. No lease. Present rent nominal. Can
be materially advanced' by srivinir lease.
N03 9-11 Barley place (off OYarrell street, between Grant '
-' avenue and Stockton street). Lot 42:6x60 ft. Pour-story and ¦
basement brick building;, rented as a piano warehouse at $1800
per aaarnn.
— The incomes on all of the above properties can b« largely
Increased Immediately by giving leases.
- The "Heredia Tract," containing- 1522 acres of land is
Placer -County, California. ' ¦>
~r« SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & GO;
218-220 Montgomery St. Mills Building
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
THINKING ABO Y U°T U GOING I) WjJM
i CAMPING 4 ?
We can save you a great deal of time and M W
worry buying one of our || ,U
Camping' • _ 1h&^ ml i
w <^ f& W \ tfr^i?^ m - K'Itils a woman's fondness for change
that prevents; many.? a" husband from
leaving any in his pocket. '
feet square. The State Commissioners
have offered to have it set on ¦ top of
the facade at the Sacramento entrance,
a commanding and seemingly the most
desirable place for it. but this is op
posed by- some of the valley 'people.
There are forty-six varieties of beans
in the seal, giving it many colors, and
It is a handsome object. At the bot
tom Is a line to the effect that Sacra
mento County produced ' 108,000,000
pounds of beans, in 1903. A life-size
horse made of hops has recently ar
rived for the Sacramento. Valley dis
play. {i_
DENVER, May .24.— The Western
Federation of Miners' convention
spent the entire morning over the re
port of the committee on, credentials.
The only, contest was in the delegation
from the Butte engineers. The dele
gation consisting • of . Joseph Colby, J.
F. Lyford, Malcolm Gillls and J. B.
Stodden was seated. ¦ The men are
said to be employes of the Rockefel
len properties, while the defeated del
egation was employed on the Heinze
properties. .
i One of the most important acts of
the convention thus far was the seat
ing of delegates sent by the United
Mine Workers of America and the
American Federation of Labor. Their
credentials were read to-day and al
though they will have no voting pow
ers they will be permitted to. engage
in discussion upon all matters per
taining to labor. This action is sig
nificant,: in that it is the first official
recognition of the- two organizations
given by the Western Federation of
Miners since s its withdrawal from the
American Federation of Labor.v
Western Federation of Miners Seats
Rockefeller Delegation.
BUTTE CONTEST DECIDED.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind..- May 24. —
Prince Pu Lun and party were taken
to Lafayette to-day in automobiles.
Thirty machines started. Before
starting the. machine which was to
carry Prince Pu Lun took fire and
there was great excitement. The fire
was put out with milk taken from a
passing milk wagon. In the mean
time the fire department had been
called and the arrival of the appara
tus added to the confusion. The ma-"
chine scheduled t6 go in advance of
the party was wrecked a few minutes
before the start by an accident to the
steering gear. No one was hurt.
One Automobile Ls Almost Burned
and Another Is Disabled by
Breaking: of Gear.
PRINCE PU LUN'S PARTY'
ENCOUNTERS OBSTACLES
California and Pacific Coast visitors to
the'St. Louis World's Fair who may wish
to journey eastward can reach principal
cities and towns without changing cars
by going over the Vandalia-Pennsylvania
I.flr.es. the shortest route from St. Louis
t*> the East. A regular daily service of
RTven through fast express trains from
Ft. Louis to Pittsburg and the East en- i
fibles passengers to leave the World's
Fair eity at convenient hours through
out the da.y. Purchasers of first-class
tickets to Philadelphia" or New York over
Yandalia-F?*nr.sy]vania Lines may have
thf-m routed via Washington for the ask
ing, permitting a visit of ten days at the
rational capital and Baltimore. For fur
ther information communicate with E.
M. Poneroy, €21 Market street. -San '
Francisco, Cal! •'.-'¦• • L
Trips Ea«t From the World's Fair, j
Acquitted on Bribery Charge.
KANSAS CITY, May 24. — State
Senator Jewell of Kansas City, charg
ed with soliciting a bribe from J. W.
Hess, representative of a Chicago
baking powder company, to influence
his vote and that of two other Sen
ators in baking powder legislation in
the last State Legislature, was ac
quitted by a Jury to-day. , T H '
Karthquake at Skagway.
TACOMA, May 24. — Ten days ago
Fkag-ay was visited by an earth
quake shock of three seconds' dura
tion. It reminded the residents of a
Ehock received several summers ago,
" when the front of Muir glacier was
broken from this cause. i
Odd Fellows Gather at Capitola.
SANTA CRUZ, May 24.— The Odd Fel
lows held an anniversary picnic to-day
at Capitola. It was attended by hun
dreds of members of the order from
Santa Cruz, Watsonville. Soquel and
Boulder Creek.
Sheriff's Posse Pursuing: Stranger
Who Fired a Fatal Shot
From Ambush.
BOONE, Iowa, May 24. — A Sheriff's
posse, with a brace of bloodhounds, is
searching for the assailant of Curtis
Gilpin, aged 24, whp is lying at the
point of death with a bullet wound
through the lungs. The shot was fired
by a strange man, who lay in wait in
Gilpin's barn for his victim. * The
cause of the attack is not known. Gil
pin is a member of a prominent fam
ily.
BLOODHOUNDS ON TRAIL
OF COWARDLY ASSASSIN
CHICAGO, May 24. — Hunters in
«the vicinity of Elgin have completed
their . annual slaughter of crows,
butcher birds, hawks and other birds
regarded both by farmers and the
! State laws as destructive to growing
! crops. When "the heads of the dead
fowls were brought to the city hall
and counted it was found that a total
of 1228 had been killed.
The crow hunt has for many years
been a great event in local gun club
! circles. Each contestant is compelled
to deposit 25 cents as an entrance fee
and after the scores are announced
arrangements are made for a banquet
to be given at the expense of the los
ing side.
1200 Birds.
Celebrated "Crow Hunt" Results in
the Kill ins: of More Than
PESTS SLAUGHTERED
BY CHICAGO NIMRODS
NEW YORK, May. 24. — The bail
bond of Dr. R. C. Flower for $23,000
was forfeited to-day, the defendant
failing' to appear for trial on one of
five indictments charging him with
grand larceny. The indictment on
which Flower was to be tried to-day
was one charging the larceny of $500
from Mrs. Delia' Gray Taylor. Coun
sel for the defendant said that he had
made an ineffectual search for Dr.
Flower and had been unable to locate
him. A r bench warrant will be issued
for Flower's arrest.
Doctor Charged AVith Grand Larceny
Falls to Appear When Case
Is Called.
DEFENDANT FLOWER'S
BAIL BOND FORFEITED
ST. PAUL. Minn., May 24. — More
than 100.000 school teachers will this
year abatidon an occupation which
does not yield them living wages. Pro
fessor George F. James, dean of the
department of pedagogy at the Min
nesota State University, made this
Ftatement in an address delivered at
the Commercial *Club before the St.
Paul Federation of Grade Teachers.
An organized movement to secure
higher salaries was vigorously advo
cated. Some startling comparisons
. %v^re drawn by Professor James to
show how poorly teachers are re
munerated.
Minnesota University Professor Pre
sents Figures Showing; That In
structors Are Poorly Paid.
TEACHERS TO ABANDON
UNPROFITABLE CALLING
~. A|-HIN(JTON. May '23. — Opposing counsel
In the Tyner-liafrett cor.st'ira'cy case contln
ned 'arpftmiynts iefore Juc&e Pritchard in eup
pcrt of th* 1 pYayers they offered for the ln
•tructroS «f the Jury. The arguments will be
concluded to^norrow.
I know of nothing further the Mint people
can do In the matter. It rests, of course, with
Cuhne If he has been swindled to talk to the
police.
In many instances we accept bars condition
ally. Oftentimes they are so base that they
will not be received — that is to nay they will
run under 200 parts gold to 1000 parts. In
such caj-es we decline to accept them. They
lare too low for us to handle. Jlajor Noggle
liad little douht that the bar would be found
-worthleffl, but to be sure he had an assay
made. /
Strange as it may appear, there have been a
number of such cases at the Mint. On one oc
casion five email bars of purported gold were
sent to the Mint from one of the prominent
banks. The assay showed that there was not
a trace of preefcus metal in any one of them.
In the case to-day I see' nothing that would
concern the Mint. It appears that Cuhne is the
victim of sharpers. Major Noggle said the
men seemed confident when they presented
themselves in the mornln? and were completely
taken back when the truth was known.
In his report to Superintendent Leach
Major Noggle said he had made no in
quiry concerning the circumstances un
der which Cuhne obtained the brick.
That was the 'connection of the Mint
officials with the transaction. Superin
tendent Leach explained that he was
satisfied there had been no intention to
defraud the Government. But in pre
caution he had given the case in Secret
Service Agent Burns' hands in order to
make positive the assurance that noth
ing criminal had been intended.
Superintendent Leach said last night:
NOGGLE SUSPECTED BAR.
"I told you so," said the second man.
"You've been swindled." That was about
what he said. It cave me a distinct impres
sion that there had been a regular old-fash
lrned gold brick swindle put through and that
Cuhne was the victim.
When Cuhne returned with the other man I
told him what the assay showed and he turned
pale as he started in no unfeigned emotion of
surprise .
I suspected the bar was not genuine as soon
as I saw it. but I did not want to say so
fiatly until an assay bad been made. It
mlcht have been an extremely base bar. of
Euch penoentage of gold that we could take It.
After -giving Cuhne his receipt I told him
to return In the afternoon, when a report from
the assay der>artment would be ready. That
report showed there was not a trace of gold In
the bar.
It was at 10 o'clock yesterday morn
ing that two men entered the receiving
department. One of them staggered in
under the weight of the heavy bar that
he bore on his shoulder. The other man
was Cuhne, owner of the white man's
burden. Placing the bar on the counter
the bearer gave a sigh of relief. Cuhne
did the talking with Clerk Noggle and
explained that he desired to deposit the
bar. ¦ The customary routine was fol
lowed, except that Noggle told Cuhne
he would give him only a temporary
receipt for the bar pending the making
of an assay. Major Noggle said:
The brick, as described by Major
Noggle, was a rough, blackened affair,
not gilded, but of brass, with the ap
pearance to an unpracticed eye of a
bar of alloyed gold. In size it was
large enough to have carried $25,000 in
gold, but not heavy enough to be pre
cious metal.
Cuhne was so utterly dazed by the
disclosure of the assay that he did not
wait to make explanations. He and his
companion simply departed after the
telltale expression of surprise.
According to the Mint officials there
was no attempt made to defraud the
Mint. Cuhne, said Superintendent
Leach, deposited his bar in good faith
and acted as if he fully expected to
realize. So far as his dealings with the
Mint were concerned they were regu
lar and pointed to nothing but -a
straight business transaction on his
part.
The pair took the worthless bar away
with them. Subsequently Superintend
ent F. A. Leach of the Mint advised
Secret Service Agent William J. Burns
of the peculiar transaction. The Mint
people are satisfied that Cuhne was
the victim of a "gold brick" deal and
probably was hard hit. Major Noggle
notified Superintendent Leach that the
bar if it had been genuine would have
been worth 525,000. As It is, the assay
showed it was absolutely worthless.
A SHATTERED HOPE.
United States Mint officials discovered
yesterday what appears to be a gigan
tic "gold brick" swindle, with L. E.
Cuhne of the Crossley building as the
victim. Cuhne took a large metal bar
to the Mint yesterday morning for de
posit. The experienced eyes of the re
ceiving clerk. Major D. L. Noggle, dis
cerned that the ingot had a suspicious
appearance. The doubts as to its genu
ineness were confirmed by an assay, not
a trace of precious metal being found.
When Cuhne was advised in the aft
ernoon as to the results of the assay he
staggered as if he had been shot. A
companion in excitement turned to the
man with the exclamation:
"I told you so. I told you that it was
a swindle."
of town. It is exclusive and nine out
of ten of the students are millionaires'
eons.
ASHEVILLE. N. C. May 24.— All
efforts to find fourteen-year-old Mars
E. Wagar Jr., a son of Mars E. Wagar,
the Cleveland millionaire, who has
been ir.icsing for twelve days from the
A6heville school, have proved futile.
The boy's father and a nunfber of
detectives have been here, though
Wagar has gone back to Cleveland.
He brought several detectives with
him.
The boy was last Been on May IL
He was missed that evening and the
faculty of the Bchool instituted a
.search. His parents were notified and
"U'agar immediately came to Ashe
ville.
Young Wagar was of good moral
habits and popular In school. He was
_ dreamer and fond of literature of
adventure and travel. He was recently
reprimanded by a teacher for breaking
a school rule and this is advanced as
a possible reason for his disappear
ance. He came here last fall with the
late Senator Hanna's grandson.
The Asheville school Is nve miles out
Specl&l Dispatch to The Call,
Heart of .City Furnishes a
.Victim Who Profmbly Fell
to Game of Selling Fakes
Reynolds told Boo he only wished to
revive a pleasant • acquaintance, and
the Celestial head-hunter took his gaze
off the entrance to the Tyrolean Alps,
in whose labyrinths he woul have felt
safer than under the eye of a San
Francisco officer. Boo said he only
came here to work, and not as an
avenging angel. He would be a curi
osity on the pike in this city, where
the bark of the highbinder's gun is
not one of the discordant notes in a
peaceful civilization.
CALIFORXIANS ENTERTAINED.
The press delegation and I the Cali
fornia State Board of Trade excursion
have ceased to exist as sight-seeing
bodies and | the members have scatter
ed, each to return home as he wills.
Some have gone farther East, some
have returned to California and many
are still here. The California build
ing has been their headquarters, and
Commissioner Filcher has placed him
self at their, service as guide.. He has
conducted the visitors to all the Cal
ifornia exhibits and the principal dis
plays of the fair in general. There is
so much to see that it can only be
briefly skimmed over in a short tim*.
Some of . the Califomians now here
will return again In the fall.
Commissioners H. C. Rapp of Contra
Costa and Fred Buck of Solano have
returned home, their business calling
them away.
Woodlawn Gates of Los Angeles, who
is Senator 'Bard's secretary, and Dr.
Doremus and wife of Santa Barbara
were among this week's visitors.
Th« representatives of the Sacra
mento Valley Development Association
are having some trouble in placing
the reproduction; of the great 'seal of
California, done in beans, that; was
sent here from Sacramento. It Is . six
C. W. Merritt, the commissioner from
Santa Barbara County, is receiving
consignments of excellent lemons and
pomelos from the Crocker-Sperry ranch
in his county. Potatoes thirteen inches
in length, and stock beets weighing
forty-five pounds attract many people
to Santa Barbara's exhibit.
California's forestry display was
given a high compliment the other day
by Mr. Elwes of the celebrated Kew
Gardens, in England. He especially
admired the specimens of polished red
wood burl.
Among the distinguished San Fran
ciscans at the fair is Boo Wan Hoy, a
highbinder of the Hop Sing Tong,/who
has several nicks in his hatchet, which
isn't used for cutting cherry trees, and
who about three months ago was ac
quitted, by outswearing the; prosecu
tion, of the charge of trying to slaugh
ter a Yin Sing Ting man in Waverly
place. Boo was walking about qui
etly enjoying the sights of the fair
when Detective Reynolds of San Fran
cisco said "Hello!" to him. •
"Whassa mallah?" asked Boo, look
ing in vain for an alleyway as his
mind hurried back over a long list
of ¦ unexpiated crimes. . "What you
wantee?" ~ ¦•- .:Nr" .-;•::•;*; *.v.;
Fresno contributes to the California
building grounds Ca'nary Island date
palms, blue palms and windmill palms,
all of the finest sort. The Los Angeles
Chamber of Commerce has provided a
fine collection of palms. R. M. Teague
of Dimas, Los Angeles County, supplied
orange trees, which may bear fruit here
if the severe winter has not chilled
their marrow, and Santa Barbara has
sent a number of small plants.
Stockton and San Joaquin County
have made a fine contribution. In this
collection are handsome palms and 200
varieties of house plants. The most
striking feature of the San Joaquin
contribution are specimens of the Span
ish bayonet, or variegated yucca. It is
doubtful whether the yucca will bloom
here.
Sacramento is to have the honor of
placing two pomolo or grape fruit
trees in front of the main entrance of
the Palace oX Agriculture. These trees
have just arrived and they still bear
some ripe fruit. They will furnish a
striking advertisement for the Sacra
mento Valley.
Wherever California palms, plants or
fruit trees are placed for ornament
they bear the California label, for all
to read. The central part of the Pal
ace of Horticulture, which is reserved
as a place for the weary to rest, is or
namented with five palms from the
Golden State, and the labels are read
by nearly every one who is attracted
by their beauty.
Commissioner Joplin of Orange
County is going to show the fair visit
ors what California is capable of in the
production of beets. He cannot procure
a 250*pour.d specimen, such as was
shown at Chicago, but he has sent on
for one weighing 150 pounds that has
been recommended to him. The lower
part of this he will put in a cube of
peat soil he has on exhibition. About
three feet of the agricultural specimen
will then project into the air and the
top will grow. This peat land produces
the finest celery and biggest beets
grown in Orange.
CITRUS FRUIT DISPLAY.
CALL BUREAU, WORLD'S FAIR,
ST. LOUIS, May 24.— Golden Gate Park,
the beautiful, whose charm has In
spired people from every part of the
globe, is doing its share to make Cali
fornia's display at the World's Fair a
success. It has contributed liberally of
its wealth of vegetation, and its contrf
bution has been used with fine effect
on the grounds of the California build
ing by George C. Roeding, who has in
charge the beautiflcation of these
grounds and the placing of California
trees, plants and shrubs that are used
in other places within the fair grounds
as decorations. ; ;
San Francisco's wqnderful park has
sent on a fine collection, and its com
missioners are receiving the praises of
the Califomians here for their gener
osity. The most interesting things in
the collection are a baby Sequoia gi
gantea (California' big tree) and three
baby Sequoia sempervirens (coast red
wood). The little big tree is eight feet
high and the others ten feet high. They
are of about ten years' growth. These
trees are very, interesting to Eastern
ers and foreigners who have heard of
the wonderful Mariposa grove and the
vast redwood forests of California.
There are a number of varieties of
Japanese fir and one California spruce
tree in the park collection; also speci
mens of the New Zealand flax, a strik
ing flowering plant of variegated col
ors; the Monterey and funeral cypress
and a large collection of delicate bam
boos. The park sends altogether 100
varieties of trees, shrubs and plants,
and they seem to be doing very well
in the Missouri spring.
FINE COUNTY EXIIIBITS.
By Paul Edwards.
California Citrus Fruit Ex
hibits Continue * to De
light the Many Sightseers
Scion of Foremost Cleveland
Family Leaves Behind No
Clew to His Whereabouts
ASSAY STAGGERS OWKER
.DETECTIVES OX QUEST
FORESTEY ATTRACTIVE
Futile Search for Mars
Wagar Jr., Disappear
ed From a Southern School
Escorts It to Mint . and It
Becomes White Man's Bur
den of Worthless Brass
Features at Fair Are Graced
by Shrubs ; From . Sari
Francisco's Breathing Spot
MILLIONAIRE'S
SON MISSING
PARK PLANTS
ADORN DISPLAYS
CUHNE NURSES
GOLDEN BRICK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY ¦ 25, 1904,
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION' AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TEVTONIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW ORLEANS. IN THE STATE OF
Louisiana, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903, and for the year' ending on that
dar. is made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th»
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash $250.000 09 •
ASSETS. — - -: _
Real Estate owned by Company $10,000 ru
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bond* owned by Company 621.S-T3 CO
Cash In Company's Office 33."! OS
Cash in Banks 40,949 17
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 86.982 S3
Total assets $790,100 10
LIABIUTIES.
Loeies tn nrocess of Adjustment or
in Suspense $30,120 30
Losses resisted, including expenses. 2.500 0O
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning- one year or less. $497,419 32;
re-Insurance 30 per cent 2-13.700 6«
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $-13,-
323 09; re-Insurance pro rata 11S.383 CO
Cash. Dividend to Stockholders re- A
training unpaid 13.130 00
Due and to become due for Commis-
sions and Brokerage 2.000 0O
•Total .liabilities $433,043 7«
INCOME.
Xet cash actually received for Fire
premiums $633,020 OH
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 20.772 72
Received ir.r interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources ; 20,947 71
Profit od Sale Ledger Assets 8.432 3tf
Total Income $633,239 08
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $42,333 30. losses of pre-
vious years) $332,964 23
Net amount paid for Martne Losses
(Including $ . loaaea of pre-
vious years) 2.774 03
Dividends to Stockholders 23.043 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokera* $133,337 63
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 24.119 34
Paid for State, National, and Local
taxes 17.787 98
All other payments and expenditures. 42.944 IS
Total expenditures .$604,172 43
Losses Incurred during th« year $363,973 31
Risks and Premiums. Firs Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $36,333,636 $864,216 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year...* B2.133.2S0 798.71196
Net amount tn force
December 31. 1903.. SO.754,799 711.742 41
Risks and Premium*. Marine Risks Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
written during th*
year $«.671.364 $21,622 72
Net amount of Risks \
expired during 'he
year 4.675.36t 51,622 72
ALBERT P. NOLL. President.
FRANK LANGBEHN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 22nd
i day of January. 1904.
• M. C. SONIAT.
Commissioner for California In New Orleans. La.
1JIANN & WILSON, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.'
SAX FHA.VCISCO, CAL. ¦
sJfg^&iM MENANDWOME*.
_i__S_W:rr_Eai^ifil Cm Big 6 far unnatural
_C£Sr |» l to t 4ar-¥l 4l«eharg9S,ln_aium»tioas.
jHV GurutHl \| Irtlt-tloD* or ulearations
HI hi to ttruxtn. " of mucous nistnbraa*-.
l»»-«# fiinit e««ta«fe-. Painless, and not astrla*
_f_TtTHl£T»tCH£M!CllCa. g«at or poiionon*.
bin cmwmTU.gSEl ¦«'«• *7 Dnnruti,
v. _ a* _ Wr or ** at in "'* ln ~r«vv*r.
tTBiBBk jinrwl b T «xpr»ii. prrpttd. tor
__ffl__?_^ tl.tO. or 5 bottln »2.71.
w t_jrv M ClronlAt net on t*a _m_
umberland* avenue. Room 7,
I < 'i id "ii. England; 10 lloulevard
des Capueins. eorner I'laee de
l'C>l»**ra. I'aris. France, and at
Equitable Gt-baude, 59 Fried-
ri_— i Artusse, Berlin, Germany,
and with Rudolph Falck. Rue
Chapelle de Ciraee, Antwerp*
Bdgfnm; 18 C'<K-kspur street,
Ix)udon. W. E-. I-Jiffland: 25
Water -in-it. Li\friM»ol. Eiir-
I.-iijiI: 92 Wynhaven, S. S.. Rot-
tenlam, Netherlands; C-8 Karl>-
bcrs* Hamburg, Germany; 49
Leadenhall e-lreet, London, E.
€., England.
AT IX)NDON*. IjIYERPOOL,
PARIS. BERLIN, ANTWERP,
ROTTERDAM AND HAM-
BURG.
Copies of Uie
DAILY" AND SUNDAY CALL
Will be found constantly on file
at Trafalgar buildings. North-
THE CALL
: « . ' ¦ i ' J-____________________________- .«
I Mil Things Needful for Traveling Outfits %
I The Emporium has planned to provide travelers f
I ,; with all things needful for their journeys, in |
| greater variety and at less cost than elsewhere. • §
a? -._ ¦ - — ¦ — i i — — — _ - — — — — — x
i Sale of Trunks Garments for. Comfortable Shirts Steamer Rugs ;J
i Sale Suit Cases Women Travelers and Pajamas Traveling Caps $
i pi^teteD^p RunabputSuU.-In^turc, $9.5O Y^^ Or Traveling ShawU-.U wool, full 5
| g^^^f^lgiSi *™b.-t Sklrt-I. _!«.«, »©O and fhirts> problWy our pretty f&^JlffiS ««, .olid and firm in texture in £
t guaranteed lock-full linen lined. To-day D " P k 1 «• ? c- t _>._« i Negligee, wUl ju« tuit you. The kind with » e V *» OQ8 S ««h p.aids that "
$ and balance of weeK. (if quantitie, last). ¦ Runabout Skirts- Su.Hans, $4.50 and down J coI!ar o 'f ttme material you al way i look well and show dust jj
1^ 30-in. Ji2-S° si « • • . $9.35 D U M_Mit Sklrti Waihable «#/)/> know; both rtylc and comfort tf# -.— SO little. Usefulin the tent, on •;
J SihJJijI.S-te VPaHP %o2S I. ' inth " ef ° r • • * 1m50 the train, on the steamer, or in the $
If 34-m. £14 oos re . . . . SJO.65 Prett Wa , h sulis— $2.50. $3.9O. Border End Four-ln-Handi— To wear with home as a couch cover; very spe. -J
5- %'¦"' Vt'll !;""'" '«##__ upward. the above, 50 inches long (you'll need a long dal: each *_*_?/) X
j. 3 _-,n. 5.5.50 «.«. , . $11.95 Handsome Silk Suits-,512.517, $15, one because you won't wear a T M t)b Tariou, clal ; cacn • 94.5O jj
j K $6.00 Dress Suit Case- So!e lea-he-, eth;r upw _ rd . co i orcd polka doti, each ..... 50c Men's Traveling Cap*— The popular ,%
I * chocolate or rus.et co'cr steel frame; bra« silk Traveling Usteri -$15.00, upward. _¦_?£ p > p _„ _, c ' tU ,_ t Norfolk Golt, in either blue .serge *
I Si; M S JnCrWli Linen Traveling Du,ter,-'54.0O, «£«J2 « \~^f Stt'SZ Z or cloth or fancy mixtures. 3
\ ¦______—_—¦—¦— —i— —¦¦—¦——_______- _____¦_¦_____¦___________————— _¦____¦————¦——^"—m——""—^——^¦~"~» ~— ™— ¦— ~—^— —^— —^— —^¦__________» '_
jj; Buy a Camera Books to Read Beits, Traveling Some Necessary j
!| at a Cut Price En Route— lOc, 4Oc Rolls, Safety Bags Toilet Articles g
Jf You'll want to take picture, of loathings If you want totake _ : l. tMC no vel with you, C^££* m "* __MU9 III *» W^T^Po^de/ ' ' ifS I
I J^SM^^Wi -^V^^e.theday they are .sued OC t &\ ££ J_T A W ' Si S
$ %%?£%** *i£ Si™ l%£«£ ;V nSt " d ° f $1.08 "ceedinglyprettyde.gn, in gold plated and ... . . . 3 5 C •{
iff No *i <X7 . fzz.oo S14-.66 001 " P nce i». ... mrmm**** oxidized, with ths peacock eye. dip effect; 75c «_e Louise Massage Cream . . . 6O0 %
i» No' «' 'X7 . . . .27.00 18. 0 * If ycu want torn: books that won't load down prices $1.00t0$6.00 25c size Colgate'* Violet Talcum Powder j»
i 9? o ' " ' f X7 * M, co 21*33 your- "grip," and inexpensive enough to lose Traveling Rolls— Fitted with complete outfit 15c {J
I *"° No -6 Ixc '"".'. sgioo t9 33 when you've read 'era through, buy either of 8 neceiiary toilet articles . •. . $2. SO 3S C " ze Lambert't Cucumber and Witch **
_! o " Z-, cjj . . 59.00 26**1 ft our ioc cr 40c faper covered series which em- Traveling Rolls— Containing comb, hair brush, Hazel Cream 25o %
* a No '"% ?x7 '. 41.00' 27.33 brace over a thousand standard and popuhr titles • toothbrush, soap dish $1.25 25c lize Cuticura Soap 15o !*
*£ No " Grand \xi -600 24- e 'O by the most famons living —^ n Safety Bags — For carrying jewels, coin, etc. 25c size Sheffield's Dentifrice. . . . t5o 5
i No! 3,' Grind, 5x7" 46*0° 3V.6O ™ th °"» P-r volume . .•tQC,MUC . 25O tO $1.5O 25c «'« W_iW Shaving Sticks . . 2Co $
' j^ " — —___—_—___—_________________—_______—__—__—__—_———__ jj
$ Those $22.75 to S32.SO Women's Summer Corset ' Just Half Price for i
.1 Tailored Suits $20 ,flw«**af*: Wash Stocks at 25c '
!» v Just received— A lot of long sleeve, high neck ww mm**MM VOV«#il^ C_B __¦«_?(* jg
i & _4?5_L 9__£__4_ > _fs _l_f-! __f<B_f<SR Cors:t Coven, in pink, blue and white lawn, . _=a___ _-*_£*i «*
¦ i^iii___) vwga^ ga w*as9*& to wear under thin white waists, _ n These are hand-made islllljSa^a^gSil-^* *
I IPf 78c samsB$1.®a """"""' wash stocks, with ~^w!r i;
* 8PT i Grave Vases 15c t-bs and embroiderea *Ml^ *
S with French knots, in fir %
£ A%K ; a l0t ° f CleVCr WalStS a inwatersothattheywillkeepfreshseveralday,; white grounds with blue, black ?& 5
5. y<i \ \vCv\ V\ Verv low COSt PcrcaICS» large 25c size, highly japanned, wired _,__ 'i_ji.«t. uj j -j «
* /^\\V\\\\ Lawns and Chambrays, in top! 4 spind^VciVsaie price v 15C P« k «* wh « c knocs-h.nd made mtnd S
S / n\ W\\ patterns snipes |" 1 ~ -~ " you ' " d W ° rth 5 ° C Cach; tO " day ° nIy ' ' ***** ?
I / b \ \\ I \ and plain colors. The first Sweeping Caps Z5c The* Ga*nn**r*v Snt*niate : 5
i / A^ H k\^& Shipment Of these A new style ;of Sweeping Caps, made of pretty * UjrV*J,&ry &JJGl,UiSZ> j
J /A ijuirr sts s , old - in M^ W^^^^^ F ° r W f dnesda y * ntt Thursday : ;
v \\ m?\( ) few weeks ago- .The Sec- cnly each" 25C Lenox Laundry Soap— Just fits the hand; 17 bars. . . . . SOc -J
* \, L WnTr^ Ond Shipment (only 50 Yellow Corn Meal- Best California; ic-lb. sack, reg. 30c for 22o %
8 Wti % d r n in all) B0 - e rl on^ saIe A Ribbon foveHy SSSwS5S^iBa^t^K» ft %H 3
A %>* 'l/jj/ thlS morning. 1 he aSSOrt- The most complete assortment of staple and Pearline— Jas. Pyles & Sons, l-lb. pkgs., 3 for 25C "*
I ment includes all Sizes- 11 t^ £& t SLE?L£ Maryland Club or Paul Jones Pure Rye Whiskies, bottle . S 7o J
* Values UD tO 51.50 and the Sale DriceS Onlv hair - trimmings, etc. A pretty and lnexpen- Plymouth Gin- Coates , bottle 89c ~
'%' VdlU " U^ lU ' l ' DJ a " U " if- y Bl ™ no^'ty «« a 5-lnch Liberty with *atl.i p r {, it S yrup ,_ Grenadine, Raspberry, Strawberry or Lemon; pints *
¦ -» 7&C* S*nH *&f fifi bordrr and handsome figure with COa on- r. -> «T- -'
%' M €9%S HtMU &1.UW sM thread Interwoven; yard OoC 200, quarts. . -. 35© V
fc ft. t> 11 j r •« f ma«« r I ' I Utopia Ginger Ale— None bett:r, dozen . .$1.05 %
\ £ The Tailored Svits for $20.00 are some of our p-— Hoc^ yn.^yi^^^^ _ uality> gll!on . ; \ 4Qo J
* prettiest, most up-to-date styles in mixtures, 4fc /if "*
j x veilings, Panamas, cheviots and plain cloths, -yJ^ _^^* f t * '*
J new goods (in store from 30 to 60 days); _L- i!^3v_^ > & / fyfrSf/'Yf^/J[JflJFff °° y0V know vhal Mlid copper and «J
*i swagger, exclusive styles that we sell regu- '^_f/&^A^//*y4/fc/ft^#^^(_ 3P , nicKel kitchenwarc _? It'a the kind that -|{
** larly fai.75, 125.00, J28.50 and gt*6%tTh CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST. M nerer gets out of shape, that retains its polish and useful- X
\ ?sa-r_rfr:r^'..y gg -> -^^S^»^ »-« " a m £s ._ _, « i_ n_ m |
THE EMPOBItTM
1HE E_P0BIU_
THE Tnvr~OBIU_-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE
SCOTT& VAN ARSDALE BLDG., 738 MISSION ST.
¦ NEAR THIRD. '
On June I %ve move to the sixth floor of this new fireproof building.
Three fast elevators, electric lights, steam heat, windows all around. Glass
partitions throughout. Finest schoolrooms in the West.
This is the college that got so many positions for its graduates last
year. This year it is getting even more. •¦ • .
San Francisco Business College
(NOW AT 1236 MARKET STREET).
rlfSSy^TB-lfT waH tfiiriTrifc'rrt_1«i-5_H 88 M«™fitw JH t_M9_£s_ti__—^ffl~9_S_BB_a£k
I Get On at San Francisco I
I Get Off at St. Louis I
H Thro' palace sleeping cars leave San Francisco every day, |fj
S| and thro' tourist sleeping cars .on certain days, running to |?|
JH St. Louis via Salt Lake City, Denver and the Burlington. |:~|
||f vy -Get on at San Francisco— . ¥n
II .-Get off at St. Louis. , " | 1
IH That's the whole story of a trip to the World's Fair, if you I; |
H.- : Vmake sure that your ticket reads over the Burlington east of t|j
pi Denver. ||
H| All meals beyond Denver served in Burlington dining cars F-i
H| —best on wheels — at moderate prices. 6$j
JH Detailed information is yours for the asking. This coupon, fc|
IP when properly filled out and mailed to Mr. Sanborn, will bring t|
III v prompt reply. ||j
||1 W. p. SANBORN, General Agent Burlington i Route, .. " 1 1
||gl 63 1 Market Street, 8AN FRANCISCO. ' \ fJ
jlyj Please send me complete information about the Burlington | |
«B| ' Overland Excursions. rtfj
H I want to go to . — : — . — — ,.* f>l
B9 •'.¦'¦ Name. ' .. ' r&J
HI Address- 1- 'V . ¦ H|
THE EMFO2tT0_LUNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA PROFESSOR WHO WAS CRUSHED UNDER
WHEELS OF A KEY ROUTE TRAIN AT BERKELEY YESTERDAY MORN
ING. DYING LATER IN THE DAY AT THE EAST BAY , SANITARIUM.
OAKLAND, May 24.— The police have
invoked the State law covering nui
sances against scavengers who con
tinue to use the West Oakland marsh
as- dumping ground. Six -garbage col
lectors ' were arrested ,-, to-day a
charge of committing a nuisance under
the Penal Code.
Police Invoke State Liw.
OAKLAND, May 2 8.— Officers ' of
the Von Serkey Self-Starting Gas En
gine Company were elected at the
first regular meeting of the board of
directors held last night. -The < 'of
ficers- are: - President, - J. .von • Serkey:
vice president, Herman Bloom;-sec
retary, H.. A. Parkhurst; treasurer^
Charles . F. . Glrard. The fifth mem
ber, of the board of directors Is Hen
ry M. Pedersen. The capital stock of
the company is $50,000, divided- into
10.000 shares; . .
New Company Organized.
OAKLAND, May 24.~The members
of Branch No. 8, United National Asso
ciation of Postofflce Clerks, will hold
their annual outing and picnic at Fern
brook Park, Nilea, Canyon, on Suriday.
June 12. President James E. Power
has appointed the following committee
of arrangements: Daniel B.Dwyer.
chairman; David F. Supple, secretary;
Robert •'. L.-.: Apple, V treasurer; * Warren
King, James 'H.'Donohoe, Alex.Imbrie,
William E. Murphy, George J.Asmus
sen, John T. Morris, A. S. J. Woods,
Joseph V. Collins, William . J. * Mur
phy, M. E. Caghman, Joseph" Riidee,
W. E. Paynter, James Cunningham, ) R.
E. Lee Saxe and F. B. McStocker.
Picnic of Postal Clerks.
OAKLAND, May 24.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: John J. Murphy,
2J years old," San -Francisco, and Min
nie G. Snow, 20, Fruit'vale; John
Hynes. over 21, and Emma McAllister,
over 18, both of San Francisco; Leslie
M. Turner, 29, and Catherine F. Smith,
26, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
Telephone Girl Vindicated.
OAKLAND, May 24.— May Morrissey,
a, pretty telephone girl, has been vin
dicated in her charges against Mrs.
Lucy E. Moore, divorced wife of W.
W. Moore Jr.. who was convicted to
day in the Police Court of disturbing
the peace of Miss Morrissey. Mrs.
Moore ttwjk offense when she saw the
telephone operative In a buggy 'with
Moore,, who was returning from a drive
with his two children. Then. It was
claimed, the abusive language was
u?ed by Mrs. Moore.
Alliance Elects Officers.
OAKLAND, May 24.— The Citizens'
Protective Alliance has elected the fol
lowing permanent officers: President,
J. W. Jobber; first vice president, M.
W. Cape; second vice president, N. Mil
ler; corresponding secretary, M. L.
Overlies; financial secretary, A. Arthur;
recording secretary, c. W. Bitz; board
of directors— E. D. W. Herbert, M. S.
Chambor. W. W. Lane, D. R. Cardo
and S. Cull. ¦ .
Sue* Cor Maintenance.
; OAKLAND. May 24.— Suit for maln
tenanc/ was begun to-day by Nancy
de BrettevWe ¦ against C. L. V. de
Bretteville, a clear man who has . a
Ftore at 55 Fifth street, San Fran
cisco. She says she has been left
without means, and wants $30 a month
for herself and child. .
Wants More Policemen.
OAKLAND, Mav 24.— Chief of Police
Hodgkins has included in his depart
ment expense estimates for the next
fiscal year provision for an increase of
twelve patrolmen. This will go before
the City Council for decision when the
tax levy shall be fixed.
Carnival at Mora Park
OAKLAND. May 24.— The Reiss
Southern Carnival Company will give
a big carnival . at Idora Park next
month for the benefit of several local
charities. The carnival will open on
Monday, June 13, and will continue for
two weeks.
City Gains a New Park.
OAKLAND, May 24.— The City Coun
cil has accepted from.F. M. Smith as
a sift a triangular piece of land, be
tween Fourth and Fifth avenues, East
Twentieth and East Twenty-flrst
streets for a pifbllc park. .
Sees Patient's Heart Work.
OAKLAND, May 24.— Policeman
James Drew was operated on yester
day at Providence Hospital by Dr. W.
W. Kergan, during which the patient's
heart was exposed so that the surgeon
was enabled to observe its operation.
Drew, is in a very critical condition
from '-' complication of heart and lung
trouble.: His chances are very slight
for recovery. -
Residence of H. NVJEIansen Goes Up
in Flames in Suite of, All Efforts
to Save It."
BERKELEY, May 24.— Fire broke
out last evening in the home of H."-N.
Hansen, at the corner of Fifth and
Anthony streets,' -West Berkeley.' and
though the Berkeley fire companies
responded promptly to the alarm the
structure burned to the ground. ; The
building- was situated several blocks
from a fire hydrant and several val
uable minutes were lost in splicing
hose. 7
Hansen is a tailor and in his em
ploy are Miss Dena Misellman and
Miss May Duffy. These young women
were present at the time .- the fire
started and attempted to put out the
blaze themselves; after first turning in
an:alarm. Their efforts were unavail
ing, however. The house was valued
at $1700.\ The loss is partly covered
by insurance.
WESTj BERKELEY HOUSE i,/ .
. BURNS XO THE GROUND
tions Against \Mm. I
OAKLAND, May" 24. — The charges^
preferred by D. O. Hunter against
former Constable Ed Weidler of fail
ure to account for $118 collected by
him were taken up by the Grand Jury'
at. the session of that body this morn
ing. ;
Supervisor H. : D. Rowe demanded
an investigation of the charges made
against him that. he had overcharged
the county in his mileage bills, and
H. N. Morse; J.-S. Gilbault «nd CVS.
MacMullen were' called as witnesses.
No new evidence was introduced.
W. H. Martin, the bookkeeper, at
the County Infirmary; W. H. Church,'
W. R. Pond and County Clerk J:JP.
Cook were called by the Grand Jury
to testify in regard to the charges.pre
ferred by G. ,W. Baxley regarding the
substitution of drugs arid overcharg
ing for supplies. The Cqjintyj Clerk
produced the bills in question "from
the official records for the use of the
Grand Jury.
Supervisor H./ D. Demands
Searching Inquljfr Into Aecnsa- ' /...
OAKLAND, May 24.— The City Coun
cil has adopted a resolution directing
that only architects with homes and
offices in Oakland shall make plans for
buildings or other work contemplated
under the proposed bond issue. Op
ponents of the resolution declare that
it is" inoperative, claiming that selec
tion of architects or engineers required
under the law rests with the Board of
Public Works.
¦ - - •
Would Employ Home Talent.
CHARGES INVESTIGATED
-'¦ . BY/ THE GRAND JURY
SAk MATEO, May 24.— Three men
attempted ' to board the southbound
freight .train of the Southern Pacific
at 11 o'clock last night to' beat their
way. Two succeeded, but the third fell
under the wheels "and was instantly
killed. There was nothing \ by .which
he could be identified. He was. about
25 years of age, was well dressed and
apparently was not a tramp.
Failure to Jump on- a Freight Car
at San Mateo Costs
a Life.
UNKNOWN MAN DIES
UNDER WHEELS OF TRAIN
TACOMA, May 24. — Baldwin H.
Wake, a wealthy sheep rancher and
owner of Valdez Island, near Nanaimo.
met with a mysterious death last Sun
day. His body was discovered Mon
day morning by fishermen lying near
the water's edge, fifty feet from home.
There was a wound on his head. It
is unknown whether he met with an
accident or was murdered. He was
subject to fits of an apopletic nature.
Some surmise that he was seized with
one and fell over the rockv bluff.
Mystery Shrouds the Death of the
RicK Owner of Valdez
Island.
SHEEP RANCHER'S BODY
FOUND BY FISHERMEN*
OAKLAND. May 24.— The Oakland
Building and Loan Association has pe
titioned the courts for an order of dis
solution of the company. It has been
in operation since 1890. The directors
who make the request are Austin J.
Roberts, J. Tyrrel, J. Y. Millar, Allen
G. Wright. William Rutherford, H. K.
Starwea, Robert Moles and R. P. M.
Greeley. They state that all the liabili
ties of the company have been satisfied.
Dissolve Company.
Mrs. Silver went to police headquar
ters this morning from her home- in
Elmhurst to explain. She declared
that the last she saw of young Borro
was when he assisted her on a street
car near his home yesterday after
noon. At lhat time Borro had a %
bundle in his possession.
With that end of the affair cleared
the detectives have resumed their
search for the young man.
Also vanished is a box of coin. Deeds
and other valuable papers that were
.gone last night from their proper
place were found this morning in the
basement, with the empty money box.
The police do .not apprehend that
harm has befallen Gabriel, who has
heretofore developed a nomadic turn
of mind. , He had been at home from
Los Angeles only three weeks when
the notion seized him to decamp.
OAKLAND, May 24. — Now comes
Mrs. Rose Silver, erstwhile domestic in
the employ of Mrs. M. S. Borro,- 782
Eighth street, and indignantly tells
the police that she did not elope yes
terday with Gabriel Borro, the run
away scion of that family,- whose
simultaneous disappearance with the
pretty servant girl caused the mother's
suspicions.
Domestic Returns and Proves She
Did Not Go Auay With.
Gabriel Borro.
SPOILS THE STORY Op""
ROMANTIC ELOPEMENT
The meeting to-night was a most im
pressive one. A number of students
have volunteered for the foreign mis
sionary field.
SANTA CRUZ. May ?!.— The most
successful students* conference ever
held at Capltola closed to-nfght and the
dele-ates will depart to-morrow to
their various homes in the States of
Oregon. Washington. Nevada and Mon
tana. At 5 o'clock they gathered at a
banquet in the main dining-room and
listened to^toasts. The national secre-,
taries were' heard' to-day for the last
time in regard to the extension of the*
work, and about $400 was raised from
the students for the work of the Amer
ican Committee. - v-.
Successful Session of Delejsrates From
Four Western States Now . .
at an End.
STUDENTS CONCLUDE
CAPITOLA CONFERENCE
a brief, struggle^ he. slipped down and.
still clinging to the gate, swung under
the trucks. One leg was crushed and*
numbed by the pain, Spinello let go his
hold and the train passed over both
legs. One leg. was cut off below the
«nee, the other above. «•
When he relinquished his hold and
fell to the ground he was fully 100 feet
from the spot where he attempted to
board the train. Dr. A. F. Glllihan
and Dr. Frank Carpenter were sum
moned and at once bound up the man
gled legs of the victim as he lay on
the sidewalk.
Mrs. Spinello was permitted to see
her husband before he was^Iaced in
the ambulance.
"You are all right, dearie," said the
brave woman." s
"Look- at my legs," replied the hus
band.
REMAINED .CONSCIOUS.
Professor Spinello did not lose con
sciousness throughout the entire or
deal. Mrs. Spinello waited in the of
fice of Juster & Baird while her hus
band's frightful injuries were dressed,
then helped to make him comfortable
in the ambulance of the East Bay
Sanitarium.
Although suffering terribly during
the operation, Spinello pleaded with
the surgeons to let him die.'
•:*"I knew it was foolish for me to try
that jump," moaned the man, "let me
die, please let me'die!" r "' -
? Professor Spinello died at 3:15 o'clock
this afternoon, from the shock »of 'his
injury and\great loss of blood. ; *>Hls
wife was with him at the time of his
death.
Professor Spinello had been a member
of the university's faculty since 1902.
He was a graduate of Yale, 1896, and of
the Sorbonne of Paris. He was 30
years of age and a native of Philadel
phia,/Penn.
BERKELEY, May. 24.— Full in the
sight of his horrified wife. Professor
Marius J. Spinello, of the department
of romance languages of the Univer
sity of California, had both legs
crushed and reduced to shapeless
masses of splintered bone and mangled
flesh, by the outbound 9 o'clock Key
Route train, this morning, at Berkeley
station. Mrs. Spinello was a witness to
each horrible incident of the brief and
sickening* catastrophe, but not for one
moment did she lose ner self-control.
It was only when her husband passed
away at East Bay Sanitarium- this aft
ernoon that she gave way to the great
tragedy that was so suddenly thrust
upon her.
Professor and Mrs. Spinello were hur
rying up Shattuck avenue, between
Allston way and Center street, when the
Key Route whistle blew. Bidding his
wife good-by the professor ran rapidly
to Center street, hoping"- to meet the
train before it had got too much speed.
Twice the unfortunate man, as." he
sped along, was warned that he could
not board the train. C. C. Juster,, of
the firm of Juster & Baird, as he saw
Spinello run past, shouted to him that
it was of no use, he could not make it.
As Professor. Spinello continued to run
Juster shouted another warning to him
not to attempt to Jump.
s WARNED SECOND TIME.
- 1 As the prof essorapproached the gate
way of the third coach the second
warning came from the ticket col
lector, who waved his hand, warning
him back. By this time the train had
attained such rapid speed that no one
of the many witnesses believed Spinello
would try to board it.
With a swift running leap, however,
he grasped the lower rod of the gate,
but his footing was insecure, and after
ALAMEDA, May 24. — On Thursday
evening the West End Improvement
Association will give its sixth enter
tainment • in the Webster-street Wig
wam. The farce, "The Cheerful Liar,"
will be, presented by the following
cast: Hastings Hussel, the cheerful
liar, Louis D. Reeb; Randolph Dear
born, Harry La Jeunesse; Rev. Ezra
Stiggins, Herbert Gray; General
Boomer, Harold Lancaster; Guy Me-
Guffin, Lawrence Elster; Flora
Boomer, Edna Schulte; Birdie Sweet
love. Mrs. Ltroy Pollard; Lucretia
Spriggins, Delia La Jeunesse.
Music will be rendered by an or
chestra under the, leadership of L. W.
McGlauflin Jr., with Miss Cecelia Green
as accompanist and Carl Schmidt as
violinist The committee in charge
of the entertainment consists of Sam
8. Green, W. J. Strive and G. W. Ful
ton. Miss Louise McXeill will direct
the rendition of the farce.
West End Association of Alameda
Will Present the Farce, "The
"Cheerful Liar.
IMPROVEMENT CliUB
PLANS TO ENTERTAIN
Miss Eudora Cranr entertained at luncheon
Saturday at her home. 1623 Sherman street
Covers were laid for eight, and the tables were
decorated in red. The guests included Miss
Adele Winks, MIks Carlotta Hanson, Miss Ma
bel Smith. Mies Mabel Woodin, Miss Ruth Not
nagle. Miss Ethyl Browne and Mias Anna Har
rison.
Miss Florence V. Williams and Albert G
Krink.-l were married Saturday afternoon at
the residence of the bride's parents, Mr and
Mrs. George Williams of 621 Railroad avenue
The wrddlng ceremony was witnessed by a lim
ited number of relatives and near friends of
the pair.
ALAMEDA. May 24.— Branch No. 3 of the
Catholic Ladles' Aid Society will hold the last
big whist tournament of the season in Lafay
ette Hall Friday. Among the long list of
prices to be awarded are many valuable pieces
of furniture and silverware.
BERKELEY. May 24.— The wedding of Miss
Katherine Fcrman Smith and Leslie M. Turner
took place this evening at the home of Mrs.
Alexander W. Kirkland of Oakland, an aunt of
the bride. Both young people are graduates of
the University ot California and college society
was greatly Interested In' the affair. Miss
Smith's sorority sisters of Kappa Alpha Theta
formed part of the bridal party. After the
ceremony the young people left for Europe
where they intend to spend three years In travel
and study. Miss Smith was graduated at thi«
commencement with the clasii of '04. She is
clever with her pen and has written much for
the college periodicals. Mr. Turner was grad
uated with the class of '03. He was editor of
the Occident during his senior year and active
in other college affairs.
Amcng the maids and matrons who will pour
tea will be Mn?. George Lackey. Mrs. Stuart
Smith, 5I1ek Elizabeth Scupham. Miss Alice
Hiller, Miss Shreve. Miss Pauline Collins, Miss
Mar- Barker. Mips Lillian Moller, Mia* Grace.
Barnard. Miss Eva Powell, Miss Helen Powell.
Miss Aphia Vance, Miss Cornelia Bishop and
Miss Annie Flint. -
The receiving party is a large one. Including
Mn. Charles R. Brown. Mrs. J. R. Scupham,
Mrs. W. S. Xoyes. Mrs. Harry P. Carlton'
Mrs. R. H. Chamberlain. Mrs. E. C. Morrison,
Mrs. Giles Gray. Mrs. G«orge H. Collins, Mrs.
Melvln C. Chapman, Mrs. Joseph Chanslor of
San Francisco. Mrs. Churchill Taylor and Mrs.
E. C. Tlmvrman.
The Parcells reception on June 1 promises
to be the most brilliant affair of the year.
More than 400 cards have been sent out and
although many have already left town for the
summer the reception will without doubt bring
tosether a fashionable crush. Mrs.. Parcells
Sr. is very popular with old and young and
her friends will be glad of an opportunity to
do honor to her charming daughter-in-law,
Mrs. Frank Parcels, for whom tbe affair has
bepn planned.
Mufic was sandwiched in between the lit
erary numbers and added much to th«i pleasure
cf a thoroughly enjoyable afternoon. Espe
cially delightful were the whistling duets by
Mrs. Sidney Smith and Mrs. F. A. Woodward.
Sengs were rendered by Mrs. E. J. Jolly and
Mre. A. E. Nasb.
Officers for the coming season, which begins
next January, were elected to-day. Mrs. D.
A. Spencer, president, and Mrs. tiam J. Tay
lor, vice president, succeeded themselves. Mrs.
W. D. Huntlngton will fill the position of sec
retary, made vacant by the resignation ot
Mrs. F. D. Flint. Mrs. Flint has been the
Hill Club's secretary for ten years, but she
ex:<ects to. leave very shortly for Los Gatos.
where she and family will reside. She has
made an efficient officer and the club accepted
her resignation with much regret.
Clever, original stories were read by Mrs.
Carlotta Hooper and Mrs. W. D. Huntingtos,
Mrs. W. O.. ttadgsley gave an Instructive talk
on ••Radium" and Mrs. D. A. Spe;icer re
viewed "Th- Servant Question." Mrs. T. J.
McManus gave a recitation, "The Mice at
Play."
Mrs. F. J. Russell, who resided some years
in Hawaii, gave personal reminiscences of the
home of Priacta i'ualtlnani, who was' recently
a visitor to this coast.
OAKLAND, May 24.— Mrs. L. T. Robert*
had the pleasure of entertaining the HU1 Club
at its last meeting, yesterday, at her home on
Vf-rnon Heights. The programme was given
entirely by club talent and was doubly Inter
? fctin; on tbat account, as this little coterie
or hillside neighbors includes some very bright
and caoable women.
EVENTS IN SOCfETY
- OAKLAND, May 24. — Earl A.
Thornton, a well known street rail
way man of this city, who for a long
time has been in charge of the Hay
wards division of the Oakland Tran r
sit Qompany's system, has been ap
pointed * superintendent and local
manager of the street railway system
centering in Petaluma. W. F. Kelly,
the general manager of Oakland
Transit, is the executive head of the
company owning the lines in Petalu
ma. over which Thorton will have
supervision. -
The promotion of Thornton means
a general "move up" among the in
spectors and division superintendents
of the Transit Company. Robert
Hanson, superintendent of the East
Oakland division, will take Thornton's
place. Inspector William Gardiner
will take Hansen's place, and Inspec
tor Edward A. Dodge will fill the po
sition vacated by Gardiner. The new
inspector has not yet been appointed.
Will Manage Pctaluma Lines.
Earl A. Thornton, Former Division
Superintendent of Transit Company
OAKLAND MAN APPOINTED
TO IMPORTANT POSITION
Changes— Fourth class, postmasters:
Tehama. Tehama County, Cal., Miss
Kathryn Lowery, vice H. L. Stratton,
resigned ; Olalla. Kitsap County,
Washington, Charles F. Nelson, vice
John Martin, resigned.
Orders — Navy Department: Tor
pedo destroyer Perry has been placed
in commission to take the place of the
destroyer Preble,,which .will be sent, to
the docks for repairs.
The -following patents have been
issued: %'¦'">]
California — F. H. Brown. Loa Angeles, ao
paratus for therapeutical purposes: Horace P.
Brown, San Francisco, two, manifolding blank
and tablet; James G. Camp. Sacramfcnto hy
dro-carbon burner: R. Carbonari. Sa/» Fran
cisco, accordeon; C. S. Chamberlain. Emery
ville, dish-wanhing machine: John F. Conneil.
Los Angeles, device for opentng and closing
doors; William J. Jory. San Francisco, te
oovertng metals from ores and sands; John C.
Rltton, San Francisco, compressible pijton
packing: A. C. Miller, assignor one- half to F.
Chase, Corona, circuit breaker: Alfred W.
Morran, assignor one-fourth to D. M.- Ward.
Long Beach, trolley po!e: L. P. Norton. Lcs
Angeles, spring bed; D. F. Oliver. San Fran
cisco, extension table; Allan C. Rush. Los
Angeles, hydro-carbon burner; William II.
Smyth. Berkeley, two ore roasting furnace; L.
J. Straight. San Francisco, hydro-carbon oil
burner; H. E. Strunk. Upland, cord adjuster:
George B. Van Boden. Sacramento and E. F.
Ingles. San Francisco, oil burner: W. and II.
M. Williams. Lordsburg. pump head: W. Wil
liamson, asslgner one- half to C. J. and H. E.
Williamson. San Francisco, grain cleaner.
Oregon — William H. Gordon. Portland, miter
box: J. \V. Durr. Portland, mangle; C. H.
Picket t. Eugene, pot cover.
Washington — Frank \V. Burpee. Fairhaven.
assignor to Letson & Burpee, shingle machine:
Edgar Howe, Everett, supplemental car step;
Margaret L. Maloney. Seattle, copy holder;
Spencer N. Sparks, assignor one-half to S. A.
Boswlck. Everett, non-reflllable bottle.
WASHINGTON, May . 24.—Post
masters commissioned — F. W. Schroe
der, Paraiso Springs, Cal.; Frank
Foltz. Cataldo, Idaho; Rosa Sigler,
Imbler, Oregon.
Washington Departments 3Iake Postal
Changes, Issue Army Orders and
Grant Patents.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OK THE PACIFIC COAST
Charged With Bicycle Theft.
OAKLAND. May 24.— Frank Martin
and Walter Ford have been arrested
on charges of stealing bicycles. .
OAKLAND, May 24.— A compromise
of the suit of Frederick Muller for
$15,000 damages against the Southern
Pacific Company has been effected and
the .case has been dismissed.- The
action was instituted on account of
Othmar Muller. who was killed at
Fourteenth and Webster streets in 1893.
Suit Compromised.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Cornelius J.
and May Tourney, lot on S line of Elm street.
2«1 E of San Pabln avenue. E 5O by 8 10t>.
lot T. block Q. map W. F. Kelsey Tract. Oak
land; ¥10.
II. G. and Bertha Mehrtens to Louis S.
Probst, lot on S line of Halght avenue. 145 B
of Sixth street. E M by S IK?:!), portion Au
ghlnbaugh 223-acre tract. Alameda. deed mad*
to correct error In deed May 11. 1904; $10.
Edw. A. and Paultne A. Younger to Alice
May Baker, lot on E line of Para street. 17S
S of Dayton or Bay avenue-. S 5O by E J&I.
portion lots 14, 15, 17. 18 and 19. block T. map.
Oak Park. Encinal of Alameda. Alameda; $10.
Same to Albert V. Clark, lot on E line of
Pani street, 225 t* of Dayton or Bay avenue.
E 294. S to patent tine as per patent from
United States of America to A. M. Peralta,
thence along same SW tr> Its Intersection with
K line of lot 17. block T, thence along said
patent line to its Intersection with E line of
Paru street, thence N 142 to beginning, lot 1«
and portion lots 15. 17, 13 and 19. block T,
same; $10.
Robert E. Kearon to Lora Medbury. lot cm
N line of Bay (now Dayton) avenue, 109 E of
Paru. E 49 by N 150. Alameda: $10.
Andrew and Hermlne V. Rudgear to Mary
Josephine Shepard, lot on NE line of Brtgg*
avenue 35O SE of High street. SE 100 by NE
203. lots 0 and 10, Brlggs Tract. Alameda; $10.
Mercedes D. and Pauline A. Valdes, Vin
ctntla E. Conners and F. B. O«c<len to Antta
and Manuel R. VaMes (equal shares), all ln
ter«rt In lot on E line, of Valdea street. 180 :«
S of Twenty-fourth. S 40 by E 125, beta* 3
40 feet of lot 5. block 2257. same, Oakland,
partition for valuable consideration; $ — .
James. Daniel and Charles O'Connor (all
single, heirs of William O'Connor, deceased) to
Husene Lvnrh. lot on W lln» of San Pab!.-»
avenue. i:»:S S of Berkeley Branch Railroad.
S 30 bv W 100. lot 5, block 2T». property B. M.
Ueaudrv and G. Pelarieau. being plat 41. Kel
leraberger's man. Oakland: $10.
Anita D., Manuel R.. Mercedes D. and
Pauline A. Valdes and Vlncentla E. Conners
to F. E. Ogden, all Interest in lot on E line of
Va!<!ez street. lC>:0 S of Twenty-fourth. 3
60 by E 135. lot « and M 10 feet of lot .\
Week 2257. map subdivision of blocks 225H.
2257 and 2258, Valdez Tract. Oakland: parti
tion. :
Cora E. Jones to Hattie J. Crane. lot on
N line of Merrimac street. l«7.O4 W of Tele
graph avenue.. \V 00 by N 7l>.:m. lot 4 and W
half cf lot t, map Austin Park. Oakland; $10.
John Henry and Luella Lange to Frederick
TV. Lang Jr. and Mary T. Lan* lot on W Use
cf Cypress street, 14:t.r>0 N of West Fourteenth
W 114.51, S X?. E ni'.4D. S .".. E So N* .Wi..5<).
portion lots 11 t) 14, block 5S2. map baseball
grounds Fourteenth and Center streets Oak
land; *10.
Fidelity and Casualty Company of New York
to Thomas J. Clooney. lot on N line of Rall
roa'l avenue or Seventh street. 100 E of Camt>
brll. N 41:11. XE 11K. FE - C SW 4S, SW C1.C2.
S 4S.3O. W 2S.2.1. block 527. Boardman^s map.
Oakland. Warranty devd: $30O.
Martin and Margaret Slattery to Thomas J.
and Sarah Quinlan. lot on S line of William
street. 218:1 W of Wood. W 12:R by S
l«a>:7>., being VV half of let II. block 3.1. -land
on Oakland Point (railroad ferry landing),
tract 4Cf,, Oakland: $10.
Alice Be?m (widow) to J. Louise Martin, lot
on W line of Myrtle Street. 187:6 N of Twenty
eivhth. N .';7:>; by \V 125. portion lots Id and
17. block B. Golden Gate Homestead. Oakland;
$1O.
Eliza and Richard H. Spepcer to Ann N'or*
Knobb lot on E line of Calais street. 1OO S Pt
Ward, " S -U"» by E 92. portion of lots 1 to- 4.
block C. map resubdrvlnlon of Smith's subdivi
sion Mathewa Tract. Berkeley; $lt>.
James S. and Louisa H. Hanley to Richard
S. Bullock, lot on N line of Louisa or Fair
Oaks street. 40 W nf St; Charles. N 115 by W
41. portion lot 1. lands Teutonla Park Home
stead Association. Alameda: Jlf>.
Mary E. Dewing (widow) to Elma Nilson.
lot on E line of Eleventh street. 205 N of Villa
avenue. N 51 by E 10O. lots 1 and 2. block 2.
revised map San Pablo-avenue Villa Tract.
Oakland: $10.
HEAL KSTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY, MAT i'4.
William Heafey (single) to Walter Morgan.
lot on NW corner of Nineteenth (Duraat) and
Franklin streets, W 75 by N »3. portion oC
lot li». block F. Fountain place, Oakland; $1(X
Adam and Frances Jacob* to F. D. Cornell
(single), lot on S line of El«hth street. 212 K
of Fallon. S lOo, K 28, 8 3U, \V 4O. N 130. E
12 to beginning, block 2O1. Kellersberger'a
map, Oakland: $10.
Maria C. and James D. Safford to same, lot
on S line of Eighth street. 13o E of Fallon.
.- lwi by E oO, block 2 >1, sains map, Oakland;
|10.
Sarah Grainger to Lettie Patterson, lot on
W line of Union street, 10O N of Twenty
eighth, W 115 by N 10O. lot 11. block 1. lands
of Peralta Homestead Association. Oakland:
gift.
Lettie or Lettie J. Patterson to E. S. Angel,
same. Oakland: ?li*. »
E. S. and Margaret Angel to E. L. and
S..r.th Bay, same. Oakland; |10.
Margery Ellis (widow) to Marie Coaaeli
(single), lot on S line of "West Twelfth street,
76:8 E of Poplar, E &»:4 by 8 110:3, lot T7.
block Sfil. map of blocks 5CO, 361. 57tt 'and
577. Oakland; $10.
F. D. Cornell < single) to George A. dray,
lot on S line of Eighth street. ITS E of Fal
lon, E 34, 8 1UO. E 2J«. S 20. W 40. N 30. W
22. N loo to beginning:, block 201, same map,
Oakland; flO. . . >
Wesley Taylor (by James B. Barber. Tax
Collector) to W. Frederick Brock, lots 49 and
5O, KlmhaM Tract, tax <W<I. Oakland: $103.
Alice C. and Charlea A. Bailey (by Raymond
H. Bailey. hi.» jttnrn»y> to Jacinto F. de Ml
dircs. lot on E line of Eighth street. 10O S of
Channlnx way. S 34 by E 1U0. portion of lot
2ii. blcck 13S corrected map Raymond Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Alamt-da Comity.
In the early days the Haywards Villa
was one of the resorts of the coast. It
was operated by Tony Oakes, one of
the best known bonifaces in California.
In those days Tony Oakes wanted no
"short orders." If there was terrapin
to be had he had it; if there was any
thing dainty in the market he had it;
but he charged accordingly. In the
days when the Comstock speculation
\Vas at its height Tony Oakes* Hay
wards Villa was one of the resorts of
the State. Anything could be had in
the shape of "cold bots and hot birds."
But the days of the electric railroad
and cheap fares came, and then the
Haywards Villa \ met its fate. G. G.
Frantz tried to make it go, but failed,
and he dropped out of sight, and now
the famous old resort has fallen under
the Sheriff's hammer.
The disappearance of Frantz is not
the least of the. mysteries that sur
rounded the place. Frantz was well
known in Alameda County. He ran the
Villa for a number of years, but one
day he converted into cash everything
he had and dropped out of sight. Not
a trace of him has been found, though
the police of the entire coast have been
notified. He disappeared as completely
as if the earth had swallowed him up,
and his wife was left in Hay wards to
straighten out his affairs. The result
of his disappearance was the sale to
day.
The old Hayward Villa was sold out
to-day. -The sale Avaa forced by J. J.
Dolan in a suit against G. G. Frantz.
and the amount realized was $491 50 for
the stock.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 24.
The trouble over the child arose when
Ira P. Clark, the father, wrote his
mother, Mrs. McBurnie, and told her
to take the child away from the woman.
A year ago Clark deserted her and
the child and is now in Vandalia, 111.
Since his absence Richard B. Xewell
has been Etaying at the home of Mrs.
Clark in Alameda, and an effort was
ma<?e to show that the moral surround
ings of tho child were not proper.
The ptepmother may be all rljrht. But In
this world we have to be judged by the things
we bay and do, and for a woman who. in the
absence of her husband, has quartered board
ers in her house and allowed men to hang
around at all hours of the day and night is
conduct that I deem reprehensible. Under the
circumstances I rhall not allow the child to
Ftay with the stepmother, but shall give tt to
tbe rrandiaotber. . : -
My attention has been celled to the girl her
self by attorney for Mrs. Clark as though she
were a paragon of alt lhat Is good. What I
have seen of her gives m« a shudder. She has
sat in this room for two days with a smirk on
her face ready to tate notice of anything. In
the witness-stand RDe has conducted herself
with an assurance thar was the height of hood
luinlsm.
At the end of a lecture given by
Judge Greene this evening he took
Ethel May. Clark, a 15-year-old child,
'from her reputed stepmother, and gave
her into the custody of Mrs. Eliza Me-
Burnie, the grandmother.
The order ended a quarrel between
the women, and came at the end of a
trial which had taken up the court's
attention for several days.
In his summing up of the evidence
Judge Greene expressed himself with
regard to the bringing up of the chila,
and said:
I would cut off my rieht hand before I would
sign an order giving letters of guardianship to
the stepmother. It has been shown that this
child has been allowed to eo to the. Chutes and
other places of amusement with young men
much older than she. At her tender age I
view this with horror.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, May 24.
Vinther was a native of Denmark
and was 42 years of age. He leaves a
wife, Hanna Vinther, and seven chil
dren, Carl G., George M., Anna M.. Ar
thur T. f Thilda A. and Albert A. Vin
ther.- He was a member of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen. Mrs. Vin
ther believes that worry over financial
troubles caused her husband to take
his life.
Albert Yinther, a gardener, residing
at 2032 Broadway, committed suicide
this morning by drinking carbolic
acid. He was found by one of the
brothers of St. Mary's College lying un
conscious in* a vacant lot near his
house. Special Officer William J. Mof
fltt was summoned and he had Vinther
removed to the Receiving Hospital,
where he died at 12:15 p. m. without
regaining consciousness.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, May 24.
Th commencement exercises of St.
Mary's. School for Girls, at Eighth and
Grove streets, will be held on Wednes
day afternoon. June 1. Grammar
grade certificates will be awarded to
the following graduates: Miss Nellie
• 'ushing. Miss Ellen Doherty. Miss May
Phillips. Miss Veronica Lynch and Miss
Alice Gloria.
The annual graduation exercises of
St. Joseph's Academy, at Peralta Park.-
Berkeley, will be held next Friday aft
ernoon at 2:30. The invited guests will
be met by conveyances aT~the corner of
University avenue and Sacramento
street, in Berkeley, and will be driven
to the acadrmy in time for the exer
cises.
The members of the graduating class
are: Miss Alice Macfarlane. Honolulu;
Miss Lillian Atwood, Oakland; Miss
Loretta Chipman, Sacramento, and
Mirs Sarah Dinneen, Oakland.
Archbishop. Montgomery will confer
the degrees upon the members of the
graduating class of the Convent of Our
Lady of the Sacred Heart, at the com
mencement exercis«?s which will be held
in the assembly hall of the convent
next Friday afternoon at 2:30. The hall
will be decorated In the class colors,
green and white, and an excellent pro
gramme has been arranged for the oc
casion.
ARCHBISHOP TO TALK.
The address of the evening will be
delivered by the Hon. Maurice T.
Ltooling. Superior Judge of Holilster,
who was a member of the class of 1880
*f St. Mary's College, and a feature
of the programme will be an oration
delivered by each of the graduates on
the following topics:
•The TeHow JVril." Vincent C. Derharn;
*"Tb« Jjisti Martyr*. " Thotnae J. Trodden; '"The
Evils of the Ag^. " James F. McCue; "Herbert
fcpencer's Philosophy," An<Jr«v F. Burke, and
"•Honesty in Politics"," Thomas F. Greetey.
Music will be furnished by the Col
lege Gloe Club and orchestra.
• The commencement exercises of St.
Joseph's Institute, the girls' academy
of St. Patrick's parish, will be held
Thursday evening in the auditorium
adjoining the church, and the pro
gramme includes a classical drama en
titled "Miriam." an address by Father
MeXally and several musical selections
bv pupils of the institute. The mem
ber* of the class of 19<>4 are Miss Mary
K*therine Reilly and Miss Elizabeth
Ger.evieve'McKeegan. The grammar
graduates are: Gertrude Gron, Loretta
McQuade. Agn^s Peters. Georgia
Quinn. France? Daly, Elizabeth Shortt,
Josephine McXergan. Anna Lacy, Ma
rie Johnson, Annie Ahern, Mary De
vi DP.
John FVancl« Hesrter. Oakland: Juhn Martin
KaudBon. VTatsor.vllle; Francin Cleave, Al«-
Dffia; Julian X'ascua.1 Medina. Duraneo. Mex.;
iharle» John Fechan, Oakland; Albert Orvil
Selbj", Oakland; Francis Patrick Gleascn, So
r.otr.a; Bartholomew Banahan Burke, Sonora;
j;dward Joseph McPeake, Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 24.
• The rraduates of three local insti
tutions of learning will receive their
diplomas during the present week, and
with the close of the school year will
bid farewell to studv. The commence
ment exercises of SL Marv's CMlege
will be held to-morrow evening ar the
Alhambra Theater in San Francisco,
when the class of 1904, five in number,
will receive from their alma mater the
decree of A. B. The members of the
frraduating class are: Thomas F.
«ireeley. Thomas J. Trodden, James F.
McCue, Andrew F. Burke and V. C.
Derham. •
Commercial diplomas will also be
conferred upon the following graduates
'of the commercial department of the
college:
Commencement Exercises of
Various Institutions Are
to Be Held This Week
Views With Horror the
Associations of the Young
Girl and Her Surroundings
G. G. Frantz Disappears
Without Telling Friends
Where He Was Going
PROPRIETOR HAS GONE
Wife of Suicide Thinks
Financial Troubles Were
Cause of His Rash Act
LEAVES LARGE FAMILY
Albert Vinther. a Danish
Gardener, Swallows Car
bolic Acid to End His Life
Ethel May Clark Is Taken
Away From Stepmother on
Account of .Bringing Up
JUDGE IS SURPRISED
Passing of r a Resort That
Was Famous in the Days of
the Comstock Excitement
ADIEU TO ALMA MATER
Youthful Graduates Will
Leave School Prepared to
Begin Their Life Work
Professor MariusJ. Spinello Suffers Terrible Injuries Be
neath Wheels of Speeding Cars and Dies a Few Hours
Later—Victim's Wife a Horrified Witness of Accident
HAYWARD VILLA
UNDER HAMMER
FOUND DYING
IN VACANT LOT
THEIR STUDIES
ARE NOW ENDED
CHILD GIVEN TO
GRANDMOTHER
HASTE TO BOARD TRAIN
COSTS HIM HIS LIFE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THft SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY., MAY 25, '> 1004.
6
ISlJ § $& I Eyi (f^& many other painful and serious
Pla P H iHH H H men^ s from which most mothers
0 Is H H H il I®1 suffer, can be avoided by the use of
W& ShfP H tf& ". Hoftir ' t Wai **" Tllis reat rem^y
\W\ 8F ?Q ifS iT s a G°d" scn d to women, carrying
' ®j) ifii |U ilSl B t^ em through their most critical
\k±jf m «d «£3 san\A Tigl& m ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who uses "filOtber'S Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
also healthy, strong and » «« __^ •
woman, and will be sent free in plain EJ9 15&| El |p g,| SJSk
envelope by addressing application to fig Bk I Mm BB W i j
Bradfield Regulator Co. AUanta.Ga. W hBIuhSv
ADVERTISEMENTS.
On .luno 1st the Oakland
agency and news headquarters
of this paper will be removed
from Mis Broadway to 1016
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
CALL AGENCY REMOVAL
NOTICE.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4592.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 77.
OAKLAND.
1118 Broad war. S
Telephone 3Iain 10S3.
BEUKELEY.
BBAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYXEW YORK, May 24. — Chao Chu,
son of Wu Ting Fang, former Chi
nese Minister to the United States and
now vice president of the Foreign
Board at Peking, has been graduated
at the head of his class in the Atlan
tic City High School. There were
thirty-one scholars in the class. The
young Oriental will begin the study
of medicine in Philadelphia next fall.
Young Chinese Stands at Head of Ills
Class In Atlantic City
Institution.
WU TIXG F.AXG'S SOX
HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATE
Special round-trip tickets, $10, include
railroad fare and two days' board at the
famed Hotel Del Monte. Leave San
Francisco next Saturday or Sunday.
Through parlor car to the hotel. Golf
links never greener and surf bathing is
delightful. •
Decoration Day at Del Monte.
XEW YORK, May 24. — Within the
next thirty days the production of pig
iron will, it is stated by leading deal
ers here, be greatly curtailed at the
furnaces in all parts of the United
States. The proposed reduction,
which is not by united action, is va
riously estimated at 20 to 40 per cent
of the present output. The furnaces
to be most quickly affected are those
which have been in operation the
longest, as the new furnaces have
more modern machinery and equip
ment and can turn out iron at a lower
cost than their older competitors.
The production of pig iron during
1903 was 19,000,000 tons. Experts
assert that unless there is great im
provement in the near future the to
tal for the current year will not ex
ceed 14,000,000 tons. ;
Unless Conditions Change Quickly
the Ontput Will Be Greatly
Curtailed.
PRODUCTION' OF PIG
IRON MAY BE REDUCED
Mrs. Frances _-F. Watson, who re
sided at 2 Rose "avenue, widow of the
late. Cka^rles**!. Watson, a member of
the 'F^re,- Commission. 1 --' died .yesterday.
She was* 7 6 years of age. The cause
of death was presumably heart failure.
Mrs. Frances F. Watson Dead.
Iron Mines to Be Transferred.
SAN DIEGO, May 24. — C. W.
French, chairman of the board of di
rectors of the Pacific Steel Company,
accompanied by General W. E. Webb,
the owner of the iron mines in Lower
California, left on the steamer this
evening for Ensenada, where the first
deeds of transfer from General Webb
to the steel company will, be, made to
morrow. Eight mines will be trans
ferred, leaving about twenty-one
others to be transferred later.
NEW YORK, May 24. — Myer S.
Isaacs, president of the Baron de
Hirsch fund and prominently identi
fied with many'; other local and na
tional organizations, dropped dead in,
a Broadway cafe to-day, aged 63.
years.* : ¦
Mycr S. Isaacs Dead.
AH Saturday to Monday excursion tickets
eold by Southern Pacific agents Saturday and
Sunday next will be good for return on all
trains Tuesday, May 31. This will give you
an additional day and permit you to %pend Me
morial day In the country. •
A Day's Pleasure Gained.
Whereas. Our church policy being purely
congregational does not allow us to take ac
tion as some other bodies can. enjolninc either
our churches or ministers In this matter, yet
we desire to pla«re on record our united opinion
and firm conviction, first, that the country
ought to have a uniform law on the subject
of divorce, based upon Scriptural teachings,
and, second, the Christian ministers and Chris
tian churches of ail names ought to be at all
times, and especially In these times; courage
ous and positive In their adherence to the ln
ptructlon of the Scripture concerning the mar
riage relation.
Whereas, There is a general movement
amon? the churches of the country In which
we are deeply Interested and with which wo
are In warm sympathy, looking toward the
protection of the sanctity of the marriage re
lation; and.
CLEVELAND, May 24. — The Bap
tists put themselves on record with
the great Protestant denominations by
the action taken on the divorce ques
tion at the meeting of the American
Baptist Home Mission Society to-day.
The following resolution on the sub
ject was unanimously passed with ap>«
plause:
Home 3IIsslon Society in Ohio Adopts
Strong Resolutions.
BAPTISTS OPPOSE DIVORCE.
NEW YORK, May 24. — Colonel [
James F; Gookins, son of the late j
Chief Justice Gookins of Indiana, is
dead at a hotel here from a stroke of |
apoplexy. Colonel Gookins was 60 j
years of- age. He was among the;
Indiana men who responded to Pres- i
ident Lincoln's first call for troops. I
After the war he studied art in Italy j
and France and some of his paintings |
won commendation. He also had j
achieved success as a civil engineer.
Distinguished Veteran Dies.
S DENVER, May 24.— Captain Peter
H. Scott, a well known mining engin
eer, nearly 70 years of age, died to
day of apoplexy. He was stricken
yesterday.,
Captain Scott was born in Canada.
He was one of ttie original forty-nin
ers and was in business with John W.
Mackay and Wiiliam O'Brien. For fif
teen years he was master mechanic of
a Comstock mine in Nevada. He
had been a resident of Denver for
twenty years. •
in Denver.
Partner of Mackay and O'Brien Dies
PASSING OF AN ARGONAUT.
BUFFALO. N. Y., May 24.— The work
of the Presbyterian General Conven
tion consisted of a consideration of
home missions, the report of the stand
ing committee being presented by Rev.
John F. Carson of Brooklyn, chair
man of the committee. The report
dwelt upon the desirability of the Pres
byterian church pursuing a more sys
tematic course in the matter of funds
for home missions and advocated a
union of efforts among the churches
to that end. The necessity of extend
ing home mission work was empha
sized with particular reference to
strengthening the work among the
Mormons. As part of the report Dr.
Carson stated that "we heartily com
mend the work of the Christian wo
men of all denominations in carrying
on so successful a campaign against
the iniquity of Mormonism.''
The afternoon session was devoted
to the report of the standing commit
tee on aid for colleges and a discus
sion of the subject of college educa
tion. A special meeting was held to
consider the effect of the war in the
Far East upon Christian missionary
work.
A matter of general interest to mem
bers of the Presbyterian church Is the
conclusion reached by the committee
appointed by the last General Assem
bly of the Presbyterians of the United
States to raise 512,000,000 with which
to endow colleges, especially the weak
er ones in the West. The report rec
ommends the union of the board of aid
for colleges and the endowment com
mittee under the name of "College
Board," and the removal of the head
quarters of the board from Chicago to
New York.
Results of the Efforts Among
the Mormons Are Com
mended by the Body
WOMEN AEE PEAISED
There is ¦ still a possibility that one or
two changes may be made in this or^
der, but it 1 is said that the caucus ob-
J. C. Watson, Prime Minister and Treasurer;
C. C. Kingston. Minister of External Affairs ;
E L. Batchelor, Minister for Home Affairs;
H B. Hlgglns, Attorney General; W. M.
Hughes, Minister for Defense; H. Mahon, Min
ister for Customs: Senator Dawson, Postmas
ter General; Senator McGregor, Vice President
of the Executive Council; A. Fisher, Minister
without a portfolio.
Mr. Deakin advised that Mr. Watson,
the leader of the Labor party In Parlia
ment, be entrusted with the task of
forming a new Ministry. The next day
at noon, at the request of Lord North
cote, Mr. Watson, after advising with
the" leaders of his party, called on his
Excellency and after some exchange of
views received his commission to form
a new administration.
Mr. Watson in an interview the next
evening said that everything was go-
Ing on as well as he hoped.
It is gathered from several sources
that -the probable composition of the
Ministry will be as follows:
On the morning followfng the division
the last meeting of the old government
was held. It was understood that Mr.
Deakin was authorized to tender the
resignations of his colleagues as well as
his own to the Governor General. Di
rectly after the meeting was concluded
he waited on Lord Northcote and hand
ed to his Excellency the resignations
of himself and his colleagues. They
were provisionally accepted, ¦ with the
request that the Ministers would con
tinue in office until their successors
were appointed, which request was ac
ceded to.
The Government is responsible for the arbi
tration bill, which has been the fruitful parent
of the intolerable labor demands, and we now
know from Sir John Forrest exactly why the
Government brought it in, and what those
who voted to keeo the Government in power
were supporting. The fact that the situation
is such a tangled one only goes to offer fur
ther proof, If that were necessary, of the de
moralization reigning In Federal politics as
the result of this alliance between the Federal
Government and the Labor party. The bebt
way to break down that alliance or anything
resembling it in the future is to rank the
moderate and State Socialist sections of the
House in fair opposition to each other, ami
this Is one of the .possible results of a crisis
like the present. The process has been more
rapid than was expected when Mr. Fisher
moved his amendment. It was anticipated
then that the debate on the general proposition
it enunciated regarding civil servants and the
arbitration bill would be merely prefatory to
the debate and division on the amendment
threatened by Mr. Watson. But the tone of
the debate set aside that assumption. Rapidly,
as political events have a way of changing,
the nature of the proceedings underwent .1
transformation, and on Wednesday night it be
came apparent that, whatever the motive o.
the causes, the amendment first moved in the
bill was to be the decisive one. And so it In*
proved.
The Government's defeat was a foregone con
clusion from the first, and whether It was ar
rived at on Mr. Fisher's or on Mr. "Watson's
amendment may only be material in respect
of the course followed by Lord Xorthcote In
replacing his late advisers. The attitude of
Ministers and the whole drift of the debate
led up to the defeat of the, Government by 38
votes to 2J>. which is about the proportion
foreseen, allowing for the non-participation in
the debate of eight members, including the
Speaker. The break-up of the Cabinet-cum-
Labor compact was the real defeat of. the
Government, and the division merely carried
it into effect. But one result of last night's
division is to bring to' an end after an exist
ence of about three years the historic Min
istry which, under its two leaders, had the
double distinction of conducting the business
of the first Federal Parliament and of disap
pointing the legitimate expectations of Fed
eralists. It closes a chapter In our common
wealth's history which must be always mem
orable, but which Is unhappily disfigured by a
manifest disregard of its high constitutional
responsibility by our first Federal Ministry.
RESIGNATIONS NUMEROUS.
LABOR DEMANDS.
The result of the division In the House of
Representatives last night upon Mr. Fisher's
amendment for including ptate servants in
the purview of the Federal arbitration act
was the defeat of the Deakin government.
As members realized l>uer how close the
division was likely to be it seems to have
bfen accepted as an occasion when disguises
might be laid aside and the conventions of
politics disregarded. Hitherto there has been
a certain affectation of innocence of the fact
that the business proper to this Parliament
was delayed, or that there was any under
standing among certain members by virtue
of which a majority was secured to the <Jo\>
ernment on certain condition!", or that Min
isters were pandering to the Labor part^, or
that the arbitration act In particular was
anything oth<>r than a necessary and desired
corollary of federation. These were prevailing
pretences hitherto and members fell In with
them with all the artless guilelessness of the
companions of Alice in Wonderland. But the
determined attitude of the Labor party over its
airendmenU Introduced a touch of reality
which quite spoiled the idyllic play. Sir John
Forrest was one of those who were most suc
cessful in responding to the appeal to throw
off the mack of illusion and his contribution
to the debate was not only instructive as well
as amusing in itself, but a very striking con
firmation of all that the critics of the Mln
isterlal-cum-Labor alliance have been Baying
for months past. The Minister for Home
Affairs assured us frankly and plainly, to
takt one example, that Ministers put the
alteration and navigation bills in the fore
front of the work of the session — "to assist
the party that had assiated us." And this la
the very thing that It Is the main business
of the opposition In the Federal Parliament
to protest against and oppose to the utmost.
It was not necessary, as some of the speakers
last night seemed to think, to vote to bring
civil servants under the bill. All It had to do
in its leaderlpss condition in the present crisis
was to let the Ministerialists and the Labor
jisxty settle their quarrel over the spoils 'be
tween themselves. \
The New Zealand political situation,
which had been very threatening ever
since the assembling of the Federal
Parliament on March 2, became more
acute on the reassembling on April
13 after the Easter recess and reached
the crisis on April 21, when the Gov
ernment was defeated on an amend
ment to the Federal arbitration act by
a vote of 38 to 29. The Sydney Her
ald, commenting editorially on the
matter, said:
POLITICAL. NEWS.
The Government and the civic authorities
would have failed in- the discharge \>f their
duty had they allowed Mr. Dowie the further
use of public buildings after his gratuitous
and gross insult of the sovereign. • • •
Mr. Dowie' s attack on the King consisted
not so much In what he said as in the manner
in which he alluded to the subject and the
impression which he sought to convey that
he was jn possession of facts. Practically the
speaker was guilty of sedition in his effort
to hold up the sovereign to ridicule and con
tempt, and if he made no profession of sanc
tity whatever, but was simply content to be
accounted a mere Mat ant stump orator actu
ated by a base motive, or a cheap Jack who
hid to «ay something outrageous in order to
attract a crowd which should contain some
Billy victims for his confidence tricks, the of
fense would then be serious.
When Christ comes back be will abolish all
other governments. King Edward will have to
take a back seat very low down. I don't
want to say a single disrespectful word, but
nobody can boast of King Edward's piety. No
body Imagines that he has any religion to
spare. You only hope that he has enough to
get into heaven when he dies, and that will
apparently be by the skin of his teeth. He
has never been renowned for his religion. (A
voice — "Leave the King alone.") It is of no
use you howling about that. I don't care If
he Is the King. I am standing In the place
where John the Baptist spoke, and If I get
any mora talk back I shall say more about
King Edward and not less. You cannot make
me shut up with that kind of talk. I am the
servant of God. John the Baptist did not care
for King Herod, and if you stir me up 1 don't
care. You hold your tongue.
The authorities at once, refused
"Elijah" further use of the Town Hall,
"where he had been holding meetings.
The Adelaide Register, commenting
on the Incident in an eaitorial, entitled
"The Rejected Prophet," said:
Late news . from Australia shows
John A. Dowie ran into a hornet's nest
in Sydney, Melbourne and other Aus
tralian cities. At Adelaide in particu
lar he excited public indignation on
April 25 by impugning the piety of
King Edward. His words In part were
as follows:
The success achieved ¦ in the wine
industry along the Hunter River, N.
S. W., is encouraging others to em
bark therein and it is expected that
in time the country will be an ex
porter of good wines. The butter sea
son has been a long and rich one and
a large surplus will be exported to
London, though for some reasons
prices there are not entirely satisfac
tory to the producers. The" season so
far does not prevent the broadly fa
vorable aspect for wheat which, was
so striking at this time In 1903. Some
districts have had too much rain.
Commenting on the situation as above
developed the Sydney Herald of April
25 said:
The Goverrtor General's commission to Mr.
Watson to form a ministry gives us a new
point of departure in Federal politics. It Is
one which Is of the first Importance, and at a
Juncture like the present should ."In no wise
.be misconstrued or misunderstood, either by
ourselves or by cur critics, and more particu
larly by rur tinancial critics abroad. If we
were to take by Itself the fact that a labor
ministry is In process of formation to control
our Federal affairs the event would be tme of
special significance in commonwealth politics.
But that fact does not stand alone. It is a
detail .In the general political situation, and
if the friends of liberal-conservatism as op
posed to experimental state socialism, and
advised, .there is no reason why It should be
other than a temporary one. It marks a
stage which has to be passed if our Federal
politics arc to evolve from the low condition
to which the tactics of the first Federal Minis
try reduced them to something: higher and
better. The plain Issue before the country Just
now Is whether we are to have responsibility in
the management of our Federal affairs, or
whether the Government is to be carried on by
nominal Ministers obeying? the dictates of the
Labor party.
The new Premier, Mr. Watson, is
but 37 years of age, but his friends
accord him full ability to carry, out
the work before him.
One of the first matters to which
Mr. Watson will give attention after
the organization of the new \ Minis
try will be the Federal capital ques
tion. The commission has inspected
a number of the 'sites proposed and
so far Bombala and Delegate have
the lead over the others.
(The Governor-designate of Victoria,
Sir Reginald Talbot, was to arrive by
the R. M. S. Ramora on the 25th of
April and will be received with much
demonstration.
tained from Mr. Watson a statement
to the effect that he thought the allo
cation of offices given above would be
about the best that could be devised.
It has also been stated that the new
Ministers may ask for a month's ad
journment, instead of three weeks.
EDITORIAJj OPINIONS.
Presbyterian General Con
vention Discusses the Ex
tension of the Campaign
Mr. Crocker was one of the best
known residents of Tuolumne County
and was ¦ widely known in San Fran
cisco and vicinity. He was. born at
TVaquoit, Cast Falmoutlv Mass.,
March 20, 1827. His ancestors fought
in the Revolution and in. the war of
1812. In early manhood he followed
the sea for a few years, but in Octo
ber, 1853, he. came to California by
way of the isthmus of Panama. Soon
after his arrival In this State he en
gaged in mining near Big Oak Flat.
Tuolumne County, but soon afterward
he located in the high Sierras at th«
place now known as Crockers sta
tion. He established a station for
stages and tourists and thousands of
visitors to Yosemite Valley enjoyed his
hospitality. >"
His wife,- one daughter, Mrs. \ Celia
Crocker Thompson, and a son, John
Henry- Crocker, survive him. His
other, surviving near relatives' are a
sister, Mrs. Lucy Chase of "Galesburg,
and a brother, Philander Crocker, of
•Provincetown, Mass. A cousin. Cap
tain H. S. Crocker, resides at Crockers
station.
STOCKTON, May 24. — The funeral
of H. R. Crocker of Crockers station,
on the Big Oak Flat and Yosemite
road, took place in Lodi Monday, the
services being conducted by the Rev.
George de Kay, pastor of the Congre
gational church of that town. Mr.
Crocker died early Sunday morning
at the residence of his son-in-law, W.
H. Thompson, in Lodi, after a' long
illness of cancer of the stomach.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Elijah's" Attack on King Edward's Piety Raises a Storm.
Premier Watson's Career and Federal Capital Ques
tion Arouse Interest in Political Life of the Antipodes
WILL EXTEND
MISSION WORK
AUSTRALIAN JOURNALS
CALL DOWIE CHEAP JACK
DEATH CALLS
AGED PIONEER
OF TUOLUMNE
THE" SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 190*.
7
STATEMENT
OF THB
CONDITIOX AND AFFAIRS*
or thb
Hartford Steam
Boiler Inspection
AND INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON.
nectlcut. on the Slat day of Dec«mb«r. A. D.
1900, and for the year ending on that day. ¦»
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tb*
Stat« of California, pursuant to the provision*
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Coa»-
misitoner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np
In Caah $30q000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $19,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 717,020 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.012.499 87
Cash In Company's Of flee 6.T35 23
Cash In Banks 131.709 03
Interest due and accrued oa Bond*
and • Mortgages 17.814 14
Premiums In due Course ot Col-
lection .'. 218.777 M
•Total Assets .$3,123.163 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
la Suspense •• $20,413 03
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $100,563 21; re-
insurance SO per cent M.8S3 60
Gross premiums on Risks running
more t>-*n one year. $3,112,*
$52 10; reinsurance pro rata.... 1.796.4*3 IS
Due and to become due for Com-
missions and Brokerage 32.318 84
Total Liabilities $1,904,287 45
INCOME.
Ntt cash actually received for
premiums •••• $1,304,231 39
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages T 31,37*01
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources OT.43.1 M
Received for Rentj 783 47
Received from all other sources.. 29.247 S3
Total Income $1,144,313 St
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount . paid for Losses $137.13-$ 67
Dividends to Stockholders 40.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokersge 338.303 63
Paid- for Salaries, Tees and other
cbarges for officers, clerks, etc. 87,900 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 30.8M S7
Paid for Inspections 450.724 10
AU other expenditures 130. 9CI 03
Total Expenditures $1,313,142 17
Losses Incurred during tbe year $33,323 60
Rljks and Premiums— • Premiums.
RISKS AND PREMIUMS. ' Premiums.
Net amount written during the
year $1,461,983 39
Net - amount ¦ expired during the
year 1.299. HI 22
Net amount In force December 31.
1903.: 3.322.14731
" CHAS. M. BEACH. Vice President.
' J. B. PIERCE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
23d day of January. 1904.
L. F. MIDDLEBROOK. Notary Publla.
MANN & WILSON, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
; sax rnAxcisco. cal.
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AXD AFFAIRS
OF THE
METROPOLITAN
PLATE GLASS
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OT NEW
Tork. on , the a 1st day of December. A. D.
130.1. abd for the year ending on that day. as
made .to tbe. Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to tbe provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by ta* Ci—
mlssionerr . . . ¦• •• '•¦
...... CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash .$200.000 Of
ASSETS '
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $107,953 00
Cash In- Company's Office 3.111 on
Cash In Bsnka 26.443 19
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans.... 3.416 63
Premiums in due Course, of Collec- ¦
tlon «...' S3.434 11
Plate Glaftf <jp han»t.. l.ftjl 39
Accounts due for Glass sold . .690 10
Total assets *....'...'..... .$366.908 24
/ -i LIABILITIES.
Losses In -process of Adjustment or
In Suspense, .» $4.472 97
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or l«os. $3M,9S0 34; re- -
Insurant* BO per cent 177,990 IT
Total liabilities' .$183.463 14
'' DfCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums...* $343.136 30
Received for Interest and dividends .
on Bends. Stncka.vLoanaf and from
air other sources 19.29171
Total Income ...'..'...... .$361.443 01
>- ' ' EXPENDITURES.
Net. amount paid for Losses $116,041 4S
Dividends to. Stockholders. 20.000 00
Pajfl «r allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 120,669 91
Paid lor Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . . . 42,300 40
Paid lor State. National, and Local <aa l."
taxes- 10,097 71
AU other payments and expenditures. 29.407 St
Total «pendltures .$339. HT 1>
Losses. Incurred during th'« year....$114.B7« 93
E. H. WINSLOW. President.
, ¦ S. W. BURTON. Secretary.
Subscribed *nd sworn to b«ror« me, this 7U»
day of jWJ']?fta«r-; Notary Public
T&&K& & OTLLSON, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
, IAX FRAJICISCO, CAL,
Skin Diseases
«f the most stubborn and chronic kind
¦re promptly relieved and eventually
cored by the use of
This powerful germicide is ab-
solutely harmless, p It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cu»e you. By killing the
£erms that cause skin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthv
skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
ing: physicians even-where for the
¦ . last 12 years. Booklet on request.
So'.d by leading druggists or trial
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
61 O princ* St., New York.
TOOTH HINTS. I
From your food you live!
¦ If you have teeth out. sore or
aching teeth, you cannot properly
masticate your food. Do you have
headache, neuralgia or indigestion?
" " Good teeth will cure it.
.' ' My method for painlessness can
'•: ' not be excelled.
Investigate.
DR. A. L. SIMPSON, Dentist,
••. ' 1206 Market Street.
-' 6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
fESUSEUH OF ANATOMY*
* 0 Q) Bn mzz: • itx - £: - *"' x 3T - CU< 9
• .^* • uJ^ The Lurnt Acatonic&l Mumud U tfc» \
Q ij7^1_ World. \. ••ksoMei or asy co*tr*ct*d Q
•v t— -3 gj> di»«»»c »»«m»>ly c»r«4 hy M»« cidcit T
-O I , \a\ 6 * 1 ** 1 "" :tt Ctm Elt. 36 j«n O
• I $Z$*Q CR - JORDAN-DISEASES CF KEN A
A f ±iiz ti Tr "» taiCTlt pcrsoi.l. y or by ietl'i. A A
' ' ' V fl ir t! R "•"¦•• ft<r * ta «*efy «*»• unden»iai. T
>' A F I l& *>.-«!« Book rnii eonrm .r A
? K I* ¦*•"»*«:. MAU.ro rrtB. Uf
"Jk Q /L w ; ciNi book lor art ) \
... ¥ PB JUBD1N *CO..10El Market St.. S. F. Q j
: StATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AXD AFFAIRS
or the
- - INSURANCE COMPANY
.' fiF. PARIS, IK THE REPUBLIC OF
VJFrtr.ee,. en the Slst day D«c«mber. A. D. '
1903. and for the year ending on that day, as
". t.-.s-at to the Insurance Commissioner of the
, ttate cf California, pursuant to the provisions
<T sections «10 end Cll of the Political Code,
condensed as ;*: b;ank furnished by the Com-
'.. xnlesloner:
• • CAPITAL.
Xmouct of Capital Stock paid up
.in Cash $1,250.000 00
ASSETS. ~ ~ '
' Real • Ftate owned by Company.. $S90.392 33 I
CaFh Market Value of all Stocks
and Bands owned by Company.. 2,097.fi2«l B2 .
CsLsh In Company's Office 9&.251 03 !
Cash In Backs 131,03140
Premiums in due Course cf Col-
J^ctlon CTO OSC 40 !
7_:"'.« receivable. not Matured,
. taJc»>n for Fire and Marine
P.iEks 3.496 95
TS nts due and accrued 15,302 20 !
l>ue from other Companies for fte- ',
" insurance oa Ioess* already paid 415.S73 SO I
Total Asset* $3,972,962 C3 }
LIABILITIES. ~ ~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid V
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in £asper.M $8CS.C01 74
Losses resisted. Including ex-
pense* ,
Gross Premiums en Marine anc.
. Inland Navigation Risks. $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent 346,070 08
. Gfos« premiums on Marine Tlmn
Risk* 1 , $ ; rcir.f-rance 50 per ;
cent 346.070 OS !
Cash Dividend? to Stockholders re-
• .maininif unpaid 4.S46 06 j
I>ue • and accrued for salaries,
rents, etc 7,0€C 66
Du» And accrued for Commissions
and Brokerage 40.549 7S I
. AH other Liabilities SS0.533 38 ,
Total Liabilities »1.«47.727 70 .
INCOME.
5>t cash actually received for lla-
rlne premiums $l.C38,B03 03 |
l£eceiv«i-d for interest on Bcrds and
Mortgages 83,115 03 ;
Total Income $1,781,618 14
.* ' EXPENDITURES. ~~~~
fcTet amount paid for Marine
Losses (including $ . losses of
previous years) $l,027.S35 12
T^ld or allowed for Commraisilon
or Brokfrag- 2C3.GS9 52
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
chances for officers, clerks, etc.. 101,683 SO
|AU other payments and expendi-
tures 11.10116
Total Expenditures $1,494,379 60 j
G P.OP.EHT. President.
EUGENE SERIS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
82th 'day cf April 1&04.
JOHN K. GOWriT.
V. S. Consul General at Paris (France).
MANX & WILSOX. 3Ianagers
NE. cor. California and Sansornc Sts.
. . SAX FHAXCISCO. CAL.
DB.PIERCES I
. €£Ol_B)Eftl
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
k * FOR THE
1 gSLOOP.LIVER.LUlVGS;
— — . i
¦ Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUABAKTEZD CTJEE FOB MEN.
HARMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in a few days. Warranted to euro
worst oases. NO OT3IS TREATMENT
(BEQTXXEX3>. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. J2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
- : T. 6. KELLY'S PHARMACY, 102 Eddy.
<0% HI 111 HI P% Outfits. Guns. Amrnunl-
i ¦ £•* I'* Ft 9 I ttcn - Fi'l'in* and Outing
K M I K ClJT K few Gooda. TV-r.i*> and Gur.n to
¦ I Ed IVftEB Rent. CATALOG FUKK.
WltllEE EHHEVE& HARDER CO.
£21 Kearny st.. S. V.
DIRECTORY
CF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
tsaalosue and Friee Lists Mails i
."/ V on Application.
, * rRESH Asm saxt miats.
JAb. dUICJ g til. Clay. TeL Main 12H
'.<-> • OZJiS.
fcirBRICATINa OILS; LEONARD A ELLIS.
«1» Front tt. S. F. Phon> Main 171».
• ¦ " ' ' rsarxxa. pBnrrz:1 ,
' E. C. BUQDESi _ m euuoi «u a. r.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INTERIOR DECORATION
Whether furnishing a single room or an
entire house, we place at your service our
staff of Designers and Decorators. Our
long experience and unequaled facilities
enable us to execute the simplest or the
most elaborate scheme.
0
W & J. SLOAN E6* CO
•FURNITURE - CARPETS - RUGS - DRAPERIES-
114-122 POST. STREET
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTa.
Travel with a gfood trunk. Smith's
Trunk and , Dresser combined Is the
most up-to-date traveling conven-
ience. Everything Is within, easy
reach.
No rummaging. Smooth, sliding
drawers. Bottom as accessible as the
top. No heavy tray's to lift.
As reasonable In price as any other
good trunk.
A. B. SMITH CO.
128 Ellis St
IOOi4O2,SOO
BOTTLES OF
Budweiser
| V SOLD IN I9O3
- «
1,410,402,500 Bottles Sold
from 1875 to 19O4
The Anheuser-Busch Brewery is the Greatest Attrao*
tion of the World's Fair City. Competent Guides to.
welcome and conduct Visitors throughout the plant. |
Orders Promptly Filled by -J
TILLMANN & BENDEL, Distributors, San Francisco, Calif.
1 /^TjESjrrme piRtqN. If
• -s» (
pJJkWKJJJ J vA^OWCwM
vk rai liB§ Win bu y a
gafgfl knife here that
%U raj mamxsiuj you c?n d ?'
K» •BfloBHur p enf j on. It's
" |5f a good every-
• /J3& day knife.
! • 'e^iiB> made of the
best materials; comes in several
styles of handles. Including
pearl. Neat, light and durable.
My price $1.00.
Exchange Your Old Razor
for a new one. I'll make you
a liberal- offer for your old
razor. See me about it HOW.
All sorts small cutlery at
lowest prices, jncluding scissors.
Razor strops as low as 25c.
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
That Man Pitts
P. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET STREET,
Above Powell,
, BAH FRANCISCO.
1 ENGINE CO.
Air^Sjfcj Ttie latest perfect
Ti ; <?«tlSS ?uarante*d engine on
L1*'.,W7 ' the market.
A T<r. r ?'.f»5ik Engines kept ¦ in
A I If ii :: ml%. repair for one year at
19 i H *" -^f |% no cost to purchaser
I ml I f\h :::? f\j ABb\ and money refunded
«f |jJ^»*Vj wi In full and engine
K'?jfW' :; ?«s;j ! ::?^| taken back If not
B iMHF""*"''"""^ I < alii sa tl s factory.
Bl ¦* *'" Iv^itV Soli on Install-
19 B v *-\?t jS Correspondence ln-
W^^^jk 219-221 Main St.
-^aifrirwflffl** * - San Francisco, Cal.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Globe and Rutgers Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IX THE STATE OF
Xew York, on the .'list day of December,
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
Visions of sections C10 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $400.000 00
ASSETS. ~~"
Real Estate owned by Company... $73,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. . . 34.3UO oo
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and .Bonds owned by Company.. 1,2)5.942 0O
Cash in Company's Oftice 3,876 70
Cash in Banks 56,373 50
Interest due and accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans 7,298 66
Interest due and accrued on
Bonds and Mortgages 1,089 97
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection . . , 46S.550 53
Total assets $1,960,531 45
LIABILITIES. ~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid 33,34150
Losses In process ¦ of Adjustment
or In Suspense....' 84,287 IS
i Losses resisted, including expenses 7,81tS u-
Gross premiums on Fire 'Risks
running one. year or less. $1,837,- .
972 44; reinsurance 50 per cent.. '918.9M 22
Gross premiums on Fire Risks • *
¦ running more than one year, $92.- ' . .
-527 51: reinsurance. pro rata.... 55,324 81
Due and to become due ' for bor-
rowed money 50,000 00
Due and to become due for com-
' missions and brokerage 70,282 57
All other Liabilities 200 00
Total liabilities *.. $1,222,238 CO
INCOME. ~ "
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $1,503 284 33
Received for | interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 2,713 00
Received for Interest and dlvl-
' dends on Bonds, . Stocks, Loans,
and from all other sources 40.0O1 07
Received for Rents 5,290 SO
Received from all other sources.. 1H~ 00
Total Income $1,550,477 90
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $96,723 97, losses of
previous years $683.023 62
Net ' amount ¦¦ paid for Marine
Losses (Including $- : , losses of
previous years) .11 60
Dividends £ to - Stockholders 44,000 00
Paid' or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage-, 244.523 94
Paid for Salaries; Fees and other
charces for offlcers, clerks, «-tc. 34,2<0 12
All • other payments and expendi-
tures 62,666 01
Total expenditures $1.068.800 33
Losses Incurred during the year $725.275 71
Klfki and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .'-.»V. '. "• -*"
written durlnsr ' the
'year $131,216,357 $2,015,728 CO
Net amount of Risks .
expired daring the .
year /. 92.381.945 1,240.986 23
Net' amount In. force
December SI. l»O3. 115.009.186 1.030.499 95
E C. JAMESON. President.
LYMAN CANDEE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 9th
day of February.- 1904.
•WM. L. LINDSAT. Notary PubUt
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS
411 and 413 California St
• SAN FRANCISCO, GAM rl
Weekly Call/ $1 per Year
AS v j&B>TXsjsJb_i&ai ib>'A Tiger Bluffed.
A writer in the Bombay^Gaxette de
scribes the rare experience of seeing
the ; charge "of a famous man-eating
tiger, which ended harmlessly. "A
camel with a slipping load had;" the
writer says, "been halted not far from
his lair., when with a •wrouff (once
heard never to be forgotten) the tiger
charged for the man leading the camel.
The tiger, I have no doubt, would have
carried off the camel man, but when he
saw the long, and to him unfamiliar,
neck of a camel coming between him
and his "Intended victim I dare say he
thought things were not quite as he
had calculated. Anyway, he paused
casually surveyed the whole party and!
with tail erect, calmly walked back
CASINO— Nomalas. City. If in •
game of casino the players agree that
on the last deal the count shall be
cards, spades, big casino, little casino
and r.ces. the one who holds cards is
entitled to count first, and If he has
sufficient to go out. he wins.
HOUSES— Subscriber. City. Ore way
to ascertain "how many brick, stone
and frame buildings there are in Saa
Francisco" is to go over the block boe*
of an insurance company and count
VISITING CARDS— Subscriber. City.
If Miss Mary Jcnes marries John
Smith, while she is his wife she should
have her cards read: "Mrs. John
SmUh." but If she becomes a widcrw,
her cards should read v "Mrs. Mary
Smith."
TWICE IN JEOPARDY— B. N.. City.
An individual once acquitted of a
crime charged against him, car.not be
tried a second time for the same of
fense; in other words a person accused
cannot be twiced placed in Jeopardy.
GRAMMATICALLY CORRECT-Sub
seriber. City. The following sentence
is grammatically correct: "There. are a
woman and a child with me; they are
IN the midst of war's alarms and the trembling of the
world's greatest nations comes like a comic inter
lude the barking and snapping of Peru and Brazil
over a little piece of disputed territory away off some
where at the headwaters of the. Amazon. We read that
Peru has sent armies to Alto Yurua and Alto Purus;
that Brazil is rapidly assembling forces dignified by the
same title on the western boundary of her repubTic, and
that war to the knife is soon to be grim reality.
It seems that the same elusive needle in the haystack
that* has caused solemn threats of war, exchanges of
notes diplomatic and high conclaves between contract
ing powers in the heart of South America for the last
fifty yiears is again the fly in the ointment. The wooded
country, rich in rubber, that lies along the banks of the
Yurua and Purus rivers, tributaries of the upper Amazon,
and which constitutes the indeterminate state, of Acre,
has been the subject of s'eparate dispute between Brazil,
Bolivia, Ecuador, Colombia and Peru since ~the first
Para gum was drawn irom the trees. There have been
conventions between Peru and Ecuador, Brazil and Bo
livia until now the contest has narrowed down to the
final grapple between Brazil and Peru.
Not only does all this moll and trouble have to do with
the' cornering df the rubber market, but the finer ques
tion .of open navigation of the Amazon is also to the
fore. The father of southern waters, is open to naviga
tion by ocean-going _ vessels throughout the whole
of Brazil and up to the flourishing Peruvian towns of
/Kauta and Iquitos in the state of Loreta. These-points
of departure, situated on navigable waterj though a com
fortable 2000 miles from the Atlantic, are, nevertheless,
the chief points of shipment for the crude rubber fr6m
,the interior forests and constitute a sore stitch in the
side of Brazil. By assiduous jockeying and shifting of
the balances Peru has succeeded in laying claim to them
as the outposts of her territory. Can Brazil only plant
her flag there, the Amazon, in so far as it is a navigable
stream, will be a closed Brazilian river. .
It is instructive to, recall, the very recent threat of
RUBBER AND A "COMEDY.
GIVEN NAMES— S.. City. Charlotte
means all noble: Theodore, gift of God;
William, defending many, and Michael,
the one like unto God.
WHILE cruising in the offing at Port Arthur the
Japanese first-class battleship Hatsuse collided
with two Russian mines and sank within half an
hour. A month ago the first-class Russian battleship Pe
trop«vlovsk struck a Japanese mine laid outside the harbor
at Port Arthur and turned turtle in two minutes. To this
grisly record of, sudden extinction are added the Russian
battleships Retvizan and Cesarevitch' and the "protected
cruiser Pallada, all seriously torpedoed by the Japanese
on the first night of the war, and the Russian Boyarin,
blown up by one of its own mines, and the tale of de
struction by these two terrible forces alone is complete
up to present time.
Not until the outbreak of hostilities in the Far East and
the strife that has waged both on land and sea since that
momentous first night at Port Arthur has the world real
ized to what deadly lengths of perfection the arts of war
have progressed. The modern torpedo-boat was used
for tKe first time by the Japanese against the Chinese
fleet at the mouth of the Yalu with "telling effect during
the war of ten years ago. In our own war with Spain
the .torpedo-boat and its complement, the destroyer, played
but an insignificant part, as the bleached bones of the
Furor and Pluton, sunk by the converted yacht Glouces
ter, attest. In the strife now waging, however, tfie dead
ly sea dart has proven itself to be an engine of destruc
tion more potent than the battleship. The hidden mine,
an important factor in naval warfare for the last fifty
years, has now demonstrated its capacity for'havoc more
conclusively than ever.
. On land and sea the Japanese are using the deadly ex
plosive recently invented by Professor Shimose, so rend-^
ing in'its force that a handful laid on an iron plate an
inch and , a half thick and exploded will drive entirely
through the^metal and scatter splinters broadcast. The
¦ Russians, according to the latest press dispatches, have
succeeded in getting a war balloon through the enemy's
lines" into Port Arthur and have given it out that a battle
in the air will not be an unexpected feature of the land
fighting around the beleaguered cifj* Thus, with tor
pedoes and mines at sea, the rumored employment of
submarines beneath the waves and balloons and deadly
explosives on 'land the present conflict is typically the
twentieth century struggle forecasted by dreamers and
fiction writers for the last hundred .years. , . v * *
WAR AND ITS ENGINES.
THE TESTAMENT— Subscriber. Pi
nole, Cal. There are 533.493 words in
the Old Testament.
London's Oldest Church.
Horses are stabled in London's oldest
church, such is the unfashionable state
into which this holy edifice has fallen.
Most London visitors know Smlthfleld
and the venerable church of St. Bar
tholomew. This ancient pile once in
cluded a great priory and a hospital —
built nearly eight hundred years ago.
Its founder was Rahere, a witty cour
tier of Henry I, who, in his advancing
years, became a pious canon of St.
Paul's. . Rahere raised money for his
church by telling the story that St.
Bartholomew appeared to him in a
vision in Rome and bade him raise
the church, and pointed to the spot on
the marsh at Sralthfleld. At .the dis
solution of the monasteries by Henry
VIII the priory and the cloister were
abandoned. The citizens preserved the
hospital, which is flourishing in these
days. But of Rahere's old church only
the choir and the cloisters remain. All
that Is left has, thanks to the present
rector, been restored excepting the vrest
cloisters. Some £30,000 has been spent
on the pious work, but another £1500
is needed before the west cloisters, now
used as a stable, can be restored. The
old Norman arches are now bricked up,
but when the restoration work Is done,
as it doubtless will be, London will
have one of the most interesting groups
of ruins in England. The old church
where Sunday service is yet held has
seen the martyrdoms of Smithfield. the
death of Wat Tyler and the execution
oi the great Sir William "Wallace, and
in earlier centuries the tournaments of
Edward III and of Richard IL
Ar.szccrs to Queries.
A PASSED DATE— M. S.. City. Jan
uary 24, 1877, fell on a Wednesday.
A Colorado family feud, dignified by age and enriched
by exceptional bitterness, ended the other day in a double
murder. The affair, by a -strange trick of fortune, has
become a subject for congratulation to the district in
volved from the fact that nobody immediately concerned
in the quarrel remains to be murdered. It is always grati
fying to know when our friends, in their efforts to punish
their enemies, accomplish enough to permit the neighbor
hood to live in reasonable pursuit of peace and life. ,
---'The Grand Jury has added its voice of suggestion to
the plea that the public schools of this city be placed
without delay in a sanitary condition. Surely no feature
of municipal life, can . demand higher recommendation
than this effort to make the public school healthful.
School, hygiene is of more vital importance than scholar
ship or even morals, for both depend intimately upon the
health of children for their development . Good health
is the keystone in the arch of education.
No Boer Trophies.
The London County Council, as might
be expected of the representatives of a
peace-loving community, does not ap
preciate war trophies. It recently con
sidered the proposal of the War Office
to accept two guns to be displayed la
the Embankment Gardens or in one of
the London parks. One of the guns
wras brought fr»m China and the other
was captured from the Boers. The
British people have no pride in think
ing of the South African war, nor in
displaying in London a wretched
"trophy" taken from the people Trho
are now their fellow-subjects.
v The Xippon Fisherman.
Where now the brownie flsher-lad?
His hundred thousand fishing-boats
Rock idly in the moats;
His baby wife no more is glad.
But yesterday, with all Nippon,
Beneath his pink-white cherry trees.
In chorus with his brown, sweet bees.
He careless sang, and sang right An.
Take care! for he has ceased to sing;
His startled bees have taken wing!
His cherry blossoms drop like blood;
His bees begin to storm and sting;
His seas flash lightning, and a flood
Of crimson stains their wide, white
ring;
His battleships belch hell, and all
Nippon is but one Spartan wall!
Aye. he. the boy of yesterday.
Now holds the bearded Russ at bay;
While, blossom'd steeps above, the clouds
Wait Idly, still, as waiting shrouds.
— Joaquin Miller, in the Century.
A Reply to Dr. Bane,
To the Editor San Francisco Call-
Dear Sir: May I resent some state
ments made by one Rev. A. C. Bane
anent the wickedness of the stage and
published in your paper of May 23? I
think the statement that "no church
member would feel pride in having a
son or daughter keep company with
an actor or actress or even be
ing seen in public with them"
is unworthy any "man," much
less an alleged apostle of him
who said "He that is without sin cast
the first stone." My father is a clergy
man, who at present Is serving a splen
did people In a prominent church in
the East, and both he and they thor
oughly approve of my vocation. I am
fortunate in numbering among my best
friends members of the Methodist
clergy, four of whom are now at
tending the General Conference in Los
Angeles, but will be my guests "at the
California Theater" next week. Mr.
Bane attributes his present views to
his work as a reporter. Whv does he
not give the real reason? I would
suggest more brotherly love in his
heart, plenty of fresh air and sunshine
and a good digestion medicine. To my
mind the man who disgraced(?) the
Methodist . church by losing his life in
the Iroouois Theater fire was worthy
of more commendation than he who
condemns those who are earning their
living by honestly using the only talent
given them. Mr. Bane asserts that
Shakespeare was a libertine, but he
might well emulate him by finding
"sermons In stones (not by throwing
them) and good in everything." Very
sincerely, TERESA MAXWELL,",
- Morosco Stock Company.
Edgemere Hotel. San Francisco.
Monday, May 23.
The Four Fingers.
No better epitome of the late Henry
M. Stanley's career has been conceived
than that given by himself In his "story
of four fingers." On his return* from
finding Livingstone, he said, he had the
honor of a public reception by the
Royal Geographical Society, and the
especial honor of being presented "to
an exceedingly distinguished personage
In the scientific world." which regarded
him with condescending favor and even
went so far as to shake hands with
him. "He gave me." said Stanley, "one
finger!" After his second and third ad
ventures, his exploration of the lakes
and his opening of the Congo to civ
ilization, he was again publicly re
ceived, and this distinguished person
age regarded him with even more favor
than before. Again he shook hands
with him. "He gave me two fingers:"
Once more Stanley went to Africa, to
rescue the faithful Emln. and on his
return he was a third time publicly re
ceived. A third time the distinguished
personage condescended to smile upon
him, still more approvingly than be
fore, and a third time to offer him his
hand. "He gave me three fingers!" Yet
once more Stanley appeared in public,
with a fair companion. Miss Dorothy
Tennant, who a few months later was
Lady Stanley. There once more the
distinguished personage was present.
so far condescended as to- beam
upon him with unreserved approval.
"The throng was too great for me to
get near him," said Stanley, "but I
have no doubt that had I been able to
do so he would once more have of
fered me his hand, and on this occa
sion he would have given me all four
fingers!" In this tale were set forth,
perhaps with all-uneonscious frank
ness, the weakn?s?»3 as well as the
strength of his character, the changing
altitude of the great world toward him
and the steadfastness of his own soul.
When he concluded. "Gentlemen, the
story of those four fingers is th» stcry
of mv life," the listener felt that he
knew him then as never before. — New
York Tribune.
THE compound, complex, comminuted fracture in
Democratic politics is exhibited in Ohio. The party
there is divided into Hearstlings and Conservatives.
But Buckeye conservatism is a different article from that
known by that name in New York. It means Tom
Johnsonjsm and its tenets are found written in the last
State platform on which Johnson ran for Governor. It
includes.. all the.creed of Populism and Bryanism and So
cialism: It demands government ownership and opera
tion of all public utilities, the substitution of direct leg
islation for representative government and the judiciary,
through the initiative and referendum, and free trade for
protection. .
Just why that kind of conservatism should oppose
Hearst is not explained. The Ohio 'Democracy does not
take kindly to Judge Parker nor Olney. It has part of a
soft side for ex-Attorney General Harmon, but seems to
prefer a favorite son in the person of Judge Kilbourne,
who is unknown to external fame. Johnson has a per
sonal choice in Mr. Polk of St. Louis. Polk is the young^
District Attorney, who found Democratic management in
Missouri so rotten that he became famous by sending a
job lot of his fellow Democrats to the penitentiary. , He
even hooted the Lieutenant Governor out of office.
The morality of the Missouri Democracy seems to
have been wrecked on legislation concerning alum in bak
ing powder. The question was of sufficient financial im
portance to warrant the Missouri mazuma in expending
large sums of money and the 'Statesmen fell in shoals.
Even United States Senator Stone was said to be in
volved in alum. Having taken a rise out of baking pow
der Mr. Polk is considered to be of Presidential size by
Mr. Johnson. He is no doubt a faithful and fearless
prosecutor, but one fight against alum does not make a
man of Presidential sire.
It is after all probable that the Ohio delegation, when
it gets to St. Louis, finding Ohio conservatism not fitted
to any other candidate, may settle on Hearst His meth
ods are like unto those of Johnson and. these two could
join forces without doing any violence to their principles.
There is a perceptible check, to. the Parker boom every
where. It is not going forward as was expected after
the New York convention. This may be due to the lead
ership of Mr. Hill, who has never been a favorite with the
party outside of New York. That he is smart and sly is
conceded, but even in the South, where the people are
willing to spell success with any letters, he failed to gain
a foothoW. . . ' f
From the present outlook the Democratic leaders seem
to be rather sparring for position in 1008 than trying to
win now. There is a deep-seated conviction that the de
feat of Roosevelt is impossible, and that the beat that
can be done is to build fences for the next time.
OHIO CONSERVATIVES.
A Piano's Excellencies.
DT W. P. K. MATHEWS.
(Author- r,r "Th* Uroat In Music." "History or
Music." etc.)
?Oor>yr.«ht. 11KM. by Jo^ph B. Bowie* >
Of all vibratory apparatuses in-
Vented by man for musical purposes,
the violin and its family are the most
wonderful, since the slender body of
the violin stands up under tension and
j>ours out an endless variety of musical j
and appealing tone for centuries to
pother. a mere fabric of thin wood
hold together by slue. I do not even
< are to assign to the violin a back seat
'in comparison with nature's work In
such musical compendiums as those
•of the little brown thrush; the bob-o-
Jitik. the meadow lark and the mock
ing bird: the'violin has greater range,
:i hiffher adaptability in tonal de
mands, and outlasts I know not how
many generations of the delightful
warblers of the bird tribe. Yet the
wonder is how much the birds do get
from their tiny pipes.
Xext to the violin I place the mod
ern concert piano. When the piano is
played by a really great master, of
the masterly technic which had taken
the trouble to rub off the traces of
art, as Godowsky. for • instance, and
one sits a little away from the instru
ment, the result is beautifully spon
taneous in character. The instrument
>peems to be quite a? willing to thun
der ft* to Eing sweetly and melodious
ly, and it passes all the way from one
extreme to the other by all those
countless gradations of emotional
fluctuation which distinguish our mod
ern music.
Granted a scale capable of refined
'tonal, results, and a construction af
fording stability, everything else or
nearly everything else turns upon the
sounding board. Here is where a fine
and cultivated system of guesswork
still holds sway. The commercial artist
establishes as many measurements
and lines as he can; but the result is
after all greatly a matter of chance.
It was claimed by the late musical
savant, J. J. Fetis of Brussels?, that
Stradivarius in selecting wood for a
violin was in the habit of testing its
t*ibratory qualities by taking a pencil
like stick and drawing a bow over it
and listening to its tone. There are
rriany who think that Fetis probably
knew more upon this point than
Ftradivarius. yet the fact remains that
th£ violins of Stradivarius have a
larger' vibration and great sonority
than any others, although* the young
est of them are now > 206 years old.
The violin has the advantage of the .
piano in that it can be taken apart
and glued up over again without feel
ing insulted. It is possible to renew
the sounding board in a piano, but it
is rarelr done, because it Involves re
constructing the instrument; it is |
nearly as radical as replacing a few
of the dorsal vertebrae in man.
The sounding board of an ordinary
upright piano is a thin spruce board
about a quarter-inch in thickness and
measures about four feet by live,
glued together in strips, out of the
heart of the wood. Sounding boards
used to be sawn in the piano factory
out of logs of spruce lumber, care
fully seasoned for many years: they
are now, by a very few, bought by
the hundred from planing mills built
expressly for handling this kind of
lumber. It is doubtful whether there
is a person who can accurately predict
tiVe tonal qualities of a sounding
beard while it is still in the lumber;
and it i« quite certain that any pos
sible excellence of selection might be
ruined by bad handling, of which let
us speak. But first I will say that
young Albert Weber once told me,
when he was in his prime, that when
ever he had to start a particularly im
pdrtant instrument, an art piano or
a test instrument, he used to select a
certain kind of grain in the wood and
a certain tint, which he showed me.
There was no actual testing for tone;
that was left for the wood to answer
for. •¦;•¦•-.-
Now a piano sounding board labors !
under the following difficulties among |
others. It has to be free to vibrate
and it must be amiable enough to vi
brate easily, so that a lady can pla>\
it with pleasure. Yet the thim? has to
be fastened tightly to a frame and so
braced that.it can endure a crushing
drain of from one to two tons from
the strings for years together and
pwell up and shrinks bark again un
der the influence of moisture in the
eir, for there is no way of making
wood entirely insensible to moisture.
I, think a few makers have ways of
protecting their boards bo that they
reduce this element to a minimum,
but it is evident . that a board four
feet wide, fastened at the sides and
put on "crowning." i. e., convex to
ward the strings, can do nothing else
than bulge up more when the wet
Fwells it and shrink back again as it
(fries out. The violin shares this dif
.nculty. as you can hear in the tone
when the rain Is good and plenty.
Moreover, the violin also feels it in
the strings themselves, which soften
* in the wet and therefore, divide more
soggity into vibrating segments.
What we are after in the sounding
board 1$ to get in it as much as possible
of the vibration of the strings. To this
end the Btrins Is held perfectly rigid at
the end nearest where the hammer
strike*; away out toward the right it
rests upon a wooden bridge, which in
turn is glued upon a sounding board.
The string must rest so firmly upon
the bridge as to* transfer to the board
into the Jungle. The camel man was
either so frightened or the wholo
thing from beginning to end had occu
pied so short a time (less than a min
ute, I should judge), that he did not
stir from the place where he was when
the tiger made his first attack."
The discovery has been made again that certain of the
dives, which by grace of the police are permitted to
flourish on Market street, are selling intoxicants without
the formality of protection granted by a liquor license.
It is strange that the police have found out that these
dens exist on the greatest thoroughfare of the city" in
open defiance, of decency. And it is stranger still that
anybody' pretends that whisky is sold in these pitfalls
of the town. .'¦'
all its vibrations in all states of the
weather. Thus there are always up
ward of 250 steel wires pulling down
upon the bridge as they cross it, firmly
enough to *insure most of the vibration
passing directly into the board. To re
sist it the board is arched and strength
ened upon the back by means of ribs,
little strips of spruce, some' of them
nearly an inch in one dimension, and
the art Is to place these ribs where
they will do the most good. To illus
trate the refinements here possible I will
mention an incident told me of the first
producer of commercial pianos, or one
of the first. He desired to make the best
pmall upright possible for the money.
Accordingly he bought a small Stein
way upright and imitated it as closely
as he could. The result was A surpris
ingly good instrument for the price.
About a year later the late' George W.
Lyon chanced to mention this piano to
William Steinway, whereupon they
si-nt for one and went over it carefully,
recognizing the excellence of the in
strument. They then notified the maker
that He would have to change the num
ber of upright supports at the back of
the instrument or else change their po
sition, as tjie Steinway held patent
rights "upon . the combination of five
supports of these particular distances.
When he had made this change his lit
tle piano was a Samson whose locks
had been shorn. The posts behind had
been related to the ribbing of the
sounding board, and if the copying me
chanic had known the principle he
might still have accomplished his ends
by changing both to correspond. But
he did not. •
When these improvements in pianos
first began Helmholz had not yet pub
lished his results concerning the vibra
tions of wires. But already an inven-.
tion had been patented intended to use
what we might call a by-product of the
string vibration, namely, that part of
It which gets past the bridge toward
the end of the wire. The Stelnways
put another bridge farther on, at just
the distance to make an octave with
the fundamental tone, or a fifth, ac
cording to the range where they need
greater strength, of one harmonic or
another. „ This adds to the sweetness
«.rf the tone. And it is further encour
agement of investigations not always
scientific, but primarily by ear and for
art purposes, that when ttfey sent one
of the best instruments to Helmholr
he wrote back that he had been obliged
to revise his theories concerning the
vibrations of steel strings, as they had
secured subdivisions which he had
found impossible.
There is this curious thing about
piano tone. I suppose that six pianos
by the best makers might be placed
side by side upon the stage, and if
played impartially by the same player
no person at the end of the hall, or
even fifty feet away, could pick out the
makes by the tone. This has been
tried over and over again, and, so far
as 1 know, it has never been done. We
always have to fall back upon the in
fallible criterion mentioned by a blind
St. Louis tuner who had just failed
in such an experiment. He wagered
that he could name a test which would
classify them every time. Upon ad
justing conditions he named It. It was
"the price at which they were sold."
tCow the question arises' how it is pos
sible for a particular make of piano to
sell invariably at a price not -simply a
few dollars higher, but generally from
J100 to $200 higher, and Btill not be dis
tinguishable at a distance from anoth
er sold at the lower price. This is a
nice question and "reputation" does
not satisfactorily solve it.
If I am buying a piano I want it for
the music. I expect to play it myself;
or I am buying it for some one who
will play it personally. Therefore, I
want to please myeelf or please the
player. Now pianos differ as much as
pet-ple. Some are, stolid things and
will never respond to anything short
of a gocd pounding: others will smile
sweetly and look lovingly even at a
bunch of violets. *The latter is the
kind of piano which gets popular. As
the older William Knabe ence remark
ed to me, stability was not enough; he
had that. What he wanted was (this
was ii\ I860) responsiveness, the qual
ity which pleased a lady, so that she
could get the music without forcing the
piano. So, while either for lack of
sufficiently masterly ears or something,
the half dozen^best pianos cannot be
distinguished when played by a third
parson, there are great differences to
the player himself in the responsive
ness they sh/>w to the delicate shades
of musical feeling.
It is a great pity that this element
in pianos is not better understood, be
cause It influences the'musical life and
the taste of pupils educated upon the
piano. With a really musical and
sensitive instrument all fine music
sounds vastly better. The delicate
fluctuation of come and go in the mu
sical tensions is responded to by the
piano and the player feels it and is
stimulated by it.
This quality is what we call "sym
pathetic resonance," and in plain Eng
glish we mean bv it the willingness
or tendency of strings not played
upon to vibrate sympathetically in
harmony with strings which' are act
ually flayed. It is unfortunate that in
music teaching the formation and edu
cation of the ear is neglected. If It
were otherwise I think we would hear
easily these differences between instru
ments which we now find out slowly
and by use.
It is not generally known to the
musical public, as it ought to be, that
there are, roughly speaking, three
rattier broad grades of commercial
rank in pianos. The first-class makers
produce the finest piano they know
how. I think some of them are" more
successful in the "know howr." Of
these one make almost invariably sells
at a higher price, and the others at
about an eoual level with each other.
Then there is a second rank of pianos
of superior quality — really musical _yet
sold at lower prices than those of the
first rank. Below these are the com
mercial, pianos, which # at wholesale
rarely differ much in equivalent styles,
but^at retail often do. Occasionally,
under the "standard" svstem of piano
selling (to "get all you can") buyers
pay for these cheap makes prices
which would entitle them to the best
A SIGNIFICANT sign of the progress of the times
: is the attitude of the public toward education:
Education used to be static in meaning. Young
men were sent to college to finish their education. Now
they are sent rather for the purpose of exciting the desire
and obtaining the material for education. Even the
teacher, that old-time essence of learning completed,
feels that the best incentive to the progress of his pupils
is that which comes from his 6wn progress, y
In recognition of this fact several of the greater
American universities — Columbia, Cornell, Harvard 'and^
Chicago, not to forget pur own University of California — '
have been offering summer courses, specially planned to
suit the needs of teachers. Recently the leading normal
schools of the Eastern States have provided more tech
nical lines of work for them. - * # '
Last year the Pacific Coast was represented in this
training of teachers in the profession as well as for the
profession by the San Jose State Normal School. It was
one among the nineteen normal schools in the country
doing summer work. The hearty response of teachers,
from various sections of the Pacific Coast proved con
clusively the understanding in the West of the. active ele
ment in education and gained for the teachers and their
fellows the privilege of another summer session. This
session will begin June 29 and close August 6. Courses
will be offered in all lines of primary and grammar
school work, special emphasis being put upon those rriost
difficult for the untrained teacher to work out for herself,
such as drawing, manua.1 training, ; nature study and
That some form of systematic and continuous work is
needed by our.teactiers is shown in the growing dissat
isfaction of the county teachers' institute held yearly
from three to five days in each county. A number of the
counties have passed resolutions voicing the sentiment
that these institutes be abolished. Some of the reasons
given for this action are that the time given to the meet
ing is too short for serious work to be accomplished, that
the subjects discussed are too numerous and varied for
even the most earnest and attentive teacher to be greatly
benefited, and that much of the work presented is not of
interest or value to the whole number assembled. The
summer school courses cover several weeks and a
teacher may register for as few or as many of them as
she feels she can well 'carry. The institute seldom pro
vides more than one. or two instructors. ¦ The
summer school enlists its whole faculty, each member of
whom is a specialist in some one subject.
This "teachers' school" is almost as cosmopolitan in its
nature as the university./ Here are gathered together
men and women who have been widely separated by dis
tance and experience. The college graduate comes fresh
from the lecture-room to learn the best ways of present
ing what is already known. The primary teacher from a
far away mountain district comes to gather material for
presentation. The county superintendent, holding a life
diploma, comes to get a different point of view and to
broaden his horizon. Aside then from the work of the
school itself much is to be gained from the informal^ ex
change of ideas of peoplc*\vhps*e minds are so differently
conditioned.
When one considers the narrow setting of the lives of
large numbers .of our well-meaning but not truly edu
cated teachers (there are 4000 teachers in California who
have no professional training of any kind), when one
thinks of their lack of books, of their inability to make
use of the wealth of material all about them either for
their own benefit or that of their pupils, of their limited
appreciation of. music, literature, art, nature, of all the
great number of petty worries and half-formed, unful
filled desires that go to make up. the bulk of their daily
thought, one cannot but feel that this opportunity, this
helping-hand stretched out willingly to all, but especially
to the untrained teachers, of our oldest normal school is
a movement in the right direction. Six weeks of the sum
mer spent in learning to work more effectively, to see
farther, to- think more deeply, to live upon a higher plane,
will be returned to the teacher during the following year
in many an hour of active pleasure or quiet satisfaction. ¦
Curing Fits.
There is a peculiar belief among cer
tain classes of people that when a dog
or a cat is subject to fits the cause of
the trouble" is the' squirming of a worm
in the animal's tail. It is believed that
the only method by which the quadru
ped may be cured is to have some one
bite off a portion of the tale and pull out
the worm. The worm is, of course, only
the marrow. It is said that several men
made money in San Francisco years
ago by biting oft the tails of cats and
dogs to cure them of fits. .Secretary
Holbrook of the Humane Society is au
thority for the statement that a certain
"Chaw" Murphy earned his sobriquet
in this manner.
A little girl who had evidently heard
of the strange treatment has sent the
following letter to Secretary Holbrook:
"We have a cat that has a worm in
its tall. It always runs around after
its tail and then lays down in a faint.
I have heard that there are men who
»bite off the end of a cat's tail and pull
out the worm. If there is any one out
at the Animals' Home who will do this
for me, please let me know by return
mall."
NORMAL SUMMER SCHOOLS.
Colombia to the effect that as a result of the severance
t)f Panama all southern republics would unite in indis
soluble bonds against the United States. Colombia
would have us believe that at a signal every soldier from
"the isthmus to Patagonia would arise to the common
defense of the continent against the aggressions of the
northern republic. And here two of our respected sister
republics are on the point of war about a shadowy
boundary that has never known a surveyor's transit.
While the South American republics persist in their pas
time of fighting one another with each recurrent summer
solstice, Uncle Sam need not worry about drawing up a
call for volunteers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALU, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN, D^SPFECKELS, Proprietor . ? * -.. .'Address All Commaniations to JOHN McNAUGHL Manager
— \ ¦¦•'¦-' .¦¦¦¦¦ \ ' • _ , ... i , —
Publication Ofllco '. « Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY .\ .................. .MAY 25. 1904
Special information supplied dally ta
business houses and public men by t&«
Pres* Clipping Burwaa (Allen's). 23» Cai-
Uornla *tre«t. T«l«phoa« Mala lttX •
- TowBS*nd'm California Glac* fruit;* ta
artistic flr*-«tcaed boxes. 7 IS Market sC*
PROMISSORY NOTE — Constant
reader, Oakland, CaL The life of a
promissory note In California is four
years. If executed within the State, and
two years if executed outside thereof.
If the holder, of the note does not com
mence ah action for recovery thereon
within the time stated he la barred by
the law from so doing: *
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
8The annual picnic and reunion of St.
Charles parish will take place Tues
day, June 14. at Mirabel Park. So
noma County. Valuable gate and
game prizes will be given. Tickets
will be $1 for adults and 50 cents for
children and can be obtained at '¦ the
parochial residence. 390 ' Shotwell
street, and from the committee at the
ferry on the morning of the picnic.
The boat will leave TIburon ferry at
8 o'clock In 'he morning.
St. Chnrles Parish to Picnic.
The sixteenth annual banquet of the
Veteran National Guard of California
was held at the Occidental HoteJ last
evening and was attended by seventy
members of the /State organization.
Commander C. Mason Kinne presided
as toastmaster. The. toasts were re
sponded to as follows: "The Flag,"
Captain P. L. ,Bush; "The Volunteers,"
Colonel A. D. Cutler; "The Veterans."
Corporal C. S. Benedict; "The National
Guard." Colonel H. J. Burns; "The
Ladies." Colonel H. P. Bush; "Our De
parted Comrades," Colonel G. H.
Pippy; "The Regrular Army,-" Captain
W. P. Burnham.
Veterans at Ranquet.
SliES FOll PAY A3 NURSE.— Elizabeth
FlaRK is suing 'William nabcook. a* executor
«f the will of the late Elizabeth Evans, for
$2100 she claims Is due her for services as a
nurse she, rendered Mrs. Evans. .
OPPOSES AUNT'S PETITION.— Jane AVI1
•po:5. the Krandmother of Veronica and Mary
E Wilson, yesterday filed an opposition to
the petition of Catherine Oera*rhty for letters
of guardianship over the children. Mrs.
Gerachty, who is the aunt of the children,
nays she desires to care for them localise she
had been asked to do so by their mother
upen her deathbed.
Special round-trip tickets, $10. include
raHrond faro and two days' board nt tho
famed Hotel Del Monte. Leave San
KmnelBCo next Sn.tuMny or Sunday.
Through pnrlor c.e.r to the hotel. Golf
lir.ks m»ver greener and Burf bathlnp is
deligKtful. . . h;V
Decoration !>«y »t Del Montr.
Non-members of the club will_have
the privilege of Joining the party on
its tour. The arrangements are In
the hands of the club's outing com
mittee, of w/iich W. J. Street is chair
man. '-.¦''. :; ••¦¦;•¦.. ¦¦- . ' ¦ '
The California Camera Club has i
planned a #reat outing this year,!
whidh will mark the fourteenth an- i
nual jaunt of the organization. j
The trip decided upon will begin I
( June lG/ind Is to embrace the World's
'Fair at St. Louis and other points of
interest.
Two days will be passed in the.
Grand Canyon of Ari3ona; a visit to '¦
the Pueblo Indians at Laguna, N. M.: i
.two weeks, at the Louisiana- Purchase'!
\Rxposition, a six days' tour through
Yellowstone Park and on tho return 1
a. stop will, be made at many interest
ing places along PuRet Sound, the Co
lumbia nfver and Mount Shasta. The
trip will cover thirty-one days.
During* the visit to the World's Fair
a club reception will be held at the
San Frnnciseo building, and J. • W.
Erwin. for several years president of
the Camera Club, will give lectures on
California. &'fi
CAIilFOKXIA CAMERA
CLUB PLANS JAUNT
Trip of Thirty-One Days' Duration
to Embrace Great World's Fair
at St. J,ouls.
Joseph J. Wallace, alias Joseph J.
Neilson'. pleaded guilty to a charge of
burglary In the flrstj degree in Judge
Cook's court yesterdiy. Owing to his
youth sentence was suspended and the
Judge instructed the; Sheriff to place
him on the first deep-water vessel.' On
the morning of February 8 Wallace
and another youth broke the window
in the haberdashery of Harry Stenge,
3 Grant avenue, and stole a quantity
of goods on view. -
Pleads Giillty 'h BOrslary.
Miss Lillian Sefton. the clever prima
donna soprano, who. during the past
season, alternated with Grace Van
Studdeford in the newest De Koven
orera, "The Red Feather"; Miss Kate
Condon, light opera contralto, who
was secured by special arrangement
v.ith the Bostonians; Barron Berthold,
a great favorite in this city and lead-!
ing tenor at the opera In Bremen:'-
Floye Redledge, leading soubrette of
the Grace Van Ptuddcjford company,
who was last i seen here in the role of
the Belle of New York; Willard
Simms. considered one of the cleverest
comedians on Broadway and a suc
cessful star, in his own production this
season, and other artists of upproved
reputations.
Mr. Strine brought with him a regu
lar treasure-house of new light operas,
notable among which are '"Sergeant
Kitty." by A. Baldwin Sloane and R.
R. Burnslde; "Robin Hood," which
has only been given in this country by
the Bostonians, and at $2 prices; "The
Toreador," the famous English musi
cal comedy, which ran for two years
in London and six months in New
York; "The Emerald Isle." the list
opera of Sir Arthur Sullivan; "The
Wild Rpse," "Half a King." "The Lit
tle Corporal" and "Foxy Quiller," the,
sequel to "The Highwayman." • ""
For production Inter in the season
Mr. Strine has a number of the Ensr-
Ush musical comedies' controlled by
the Augustln Daly estate in this coun
try. Among them are "Sin Toy," "A
Gayety Girl." "My Lady Molly," "The
Greek Slave" end "A Circus Girl";
also a number of musical pieces now
under the control of Schubert, Nixon
& Zimmerman. They in dude "A Chi
nese Honeymoon." "A Messenger Boy"
and "Winsome Winnie."
¦ Associate Manager Charles W. Strine
of the Tivoli Opera-house returned
from New York last night, where he
has been busily engaged during the
last seven weeks securing new people
and new pieces for the Tivoli. He was
in constant communication with Man
ager Leahy during his absence ! and
thiir frequent consultations by wire
and letter resulted in the following en
gagements:
Associate Mnnnjrer Charted AV. Strlne
of the* Tivoli Opera-house Makes
Interesting Announcement.
SECURES NEW ARTISTS
FOR SUMMER SEASON
Such a priceless collection of literary
treasures as Is contained in the State
Library ought not to be expored to ordi
nary hazards of destruction by fire. At
th<> earliest possible day a building
should be erected for it that will be
beautiful, commodious and, above all
else, strictly fireproof.
What the State university as an up
lifting force has become to th? schools
it is hoped that the State- library will
In its own field realize to the libraries
of California.
Additional legislation will be sought
which will enable the Trustees to so
brnoden the use of this reservoir of
knowledge that not a community in this
commonwealth ncd go without, its in
ppiripg aid. Some of these lines of
development may be to furnish tran
scripts of maps, taMes, books and man
uscripts by professional copyists; ~to
supply desired information regarding
the construction of public library
buildings', to send out books for blind
persons and traveling portfolios of en
gravings to high and nornai schools;
to co-cperate with university extension
courses and women's club work: to
organize public libraries and strengthen
weak oner,; to render advisory aid to
school libraries; to publish lists of
books of special value to different li
braries; to increase the interest of
fchool teachers and superintendents in
library influence and to constantly pro
mote !n the public mind a high sense of
the educational value of libraries In all
communities.
NEW LAWS WANTED.
Their wide use will greatly stimulate
individual and club study. At the pres
ent time single books are freely loaned
to any responsible person, preferably
through the library or schoof authori
ties, on payment of express charges.
The State Library is to be effectively
represented at the St. Louis Exposi
tion. The exhibit will be under the
charge of Professor Furiong. in whose
care the other educational exhibits of
the State are placed. The library dis
play consists of a large map of Califor
nia, showing the locations of existing
public libraries; a booklet for free dis
tribution of a description of their his
tory and giving views of many of the
buildings; a revolving case of Califor
nia views; a panoramic representation
of the State Capitol ana grounds; an
ordinary traveling llbray, one of books
on Russia and a third one of important
publications upon California and those
written by California writers; a sam
ple newspaper index and sample card
catalogue. / ;
So much for the past and the pres
ent. What is to be the future of the
State Library? If the plans of the'
Trustees are carried out it is to enter
upon a course cf widest usefulness. AH
this gathered wealth of books, dealing;
with the arts and sciences and con
cerned with every pursuit followed by
the citizens of the State; all of the lore
of th^ ages which gives food to thought
and impulse to learning:, ia to be made
beneficial to the people of California.
An arrangement has been made by
which a part of the expenses of the
Glee Club -of the University of Cal
ifornia on Its tour to the East will b^
paid from the funds of the general
committee having in charge the San
Francisco building and exhibit at St.
Louis. A certain sum of money has
been agreed upon to be paid to the
university singers for six concerts in
the San Francisco building at the ex
position. A series of -lectures to be
illustrated with views of San Fran
cisco has been planned and the sing
ing of the University of California
Glee Club will accompany the lec
tures, the songs being interspersed.
The Glee Club has an Itinerary fpr. a
concert season in : the East tKat will
culminate at St. Louis. The San
Francisco management has seen that
the Glee Club will be a large'attrac
tion to the San Francisco building
and will hold the people while the
beauties and advantages of living in
this oity are duly set forth to an au
dience. At the same time the sum
to be paid, while it is not large, being
le.«3 than $500, will give the four of
the Glee Club a guarantee of com
plete success. The arrangement
therefore promises to be . of mutual
value.
Musicians From University of Califor
nia Arc Engaged to Vi.~it San
Francisco Building. *
GLEE CLUB WILL SING V
AT CITY HEADQUARTERS
of modern industry. Beside a young
mechanic, engaged in the construction
of a towering edifice, stands an aged
man in the mood of reflection. To the
left is a group of women typical of fine
arts. The perspective, I a Californian
scene, is very beautiful and the shades
and tints are particularly marked.
This is the first of a series of im
provements soon to be completed 'in
the building by the institute. Each
room will be repainted, new coverings
laid on the floors and new furniture
installed. v The new entrance is of hard
wood, tinted to a color that is har
monious with the painting. It contains
The beauty .of the entrance to the
Mechanics' Institute library on Post
street has been enhanced by a mural
painting and decorations by Arthur. F.
Matthews. The painting was uncov
ered yesterday and was pronounced
clever by those who have seen it. The
improvements in the entrance are the
gifts of Rudolph J. Tausslg, president
of the institute.
The mural decoration is the finest of
its kind in the city and it is expected
that it will establish a precedent in
the beautifying of public buildings.
The picture is an exquisite blending of
both detail and color and is symbolical
a carved bench and a pretty window in
the south wall. The entire building is
now lighted by electricity and the
library will soon be one of the hand
somest in the West. The rooms
have been made more spacious for vis
itors and the system of arranging books
more perfect. A large Increase in the
number of volumes and valuable and
modern literature added. The chess
and reading rooms will be improved
and every convenience afforded to sub
scribers. The recent report of Secre
tary Joseph Curnmings shows a large
increase in the membership and many
applications are received daily.
PAINTING BT ARTHUR MATTHEWS THAT ADORNS THE RECONSTRUCTED ENTRANCE TO THE MECHANICS* INSTI
TUTE LIBRARY BUILDING. IT IS THE GIFT OF PRESIDENT R. J. TAUSSIG AND IS ONE OF THE BEST OF
THE MANY SCHEMES OF IMPROVEMENT NOW BEING PERFECTED.
" The argument on the application of
Attorney George D. Collins to con
tinue the restraining order made by
Judge Cook in the matter of the forty
two warrants sworn to before Police
Judge Cabanisa for the arrest of >the
inmates at 1129 Dupont street was
continued before the Judge yesterday.
It was contended by Collins that the
warrants were obtained by subterfuge
to enable the police to gain entrance
to the premises and arrest the inmates.
Fictitious names were given on the
warrants in violation of the injunction
and of the constitution, which says that
the person must be described. For the
respondents it. was argued that the
warrants were obtained in good faith.
The Judge reserved his decision till
May 31.
The Judge granted. the writ for the
release from custody of Rosie Miller,
as the proceedings in the lower court
had been dismissed. Shfr was arrested
on a charge of perjury alleged to have
been committed at the hearing of the
contempt proceedings against Police
Commissioner Huttor:.
Judge Cook Reserves Decision on
Question of Restraining Order in
Jean Pon Case.
ISSUANCE OF WARRANTS v
SUBJECT OP ARGUMENT
The library trustees have under con
sideration the proposition of sending 1
«.ut special traveling libraries to the
ttudy clubs of the State. These will be
rnecialized collections of works of lit
erature, history, the drama and art.
expected of a great repository of books
that has been slowly growing for a
half-century without a well-defined
aim for usefulness save that cf occa
sional consultation? These gaps that
oxist It. various departments are lo hs
filled till they become well rounded and
harmonious in proportion. The chief
calls now made upon the library are
for information concerning electrical
•rubjects, irrigation problems and geo
logical rurveys. Extensive use is made
cf the library's resources by the stu
dents of the Sacramento High School.
ROOKS TO TKAVEfX
Valuable publications are found; on
the Rbetvca derated to horticulture and
viticulture. The periodical gallery con
tains more than 5000 volumes. Ther?
are larjre collections of Slate and Gov
?TTjrr.ent reports. Some of the depart
ments, however, are relatively v.'eak
nnd incumplete. What else cou'd b3
nttenlion has been paid to history, end
fhe purchases «>f California and United
States history have been generous and
discriminating. Sociological and polit
ical works occupy a large room. *r
In the main library or classified col
lection of books may. be found untold
vetilth of material. The division of
Theology is so large and resourceful
ih£t it is almost constantly visited by
ministers of all denominations. The
tart collection is exceedingly valuable
.^ud has many rare and richly illustrat
ed works. No current fiction is bought
< except lor the traveling libraries) and
the supply of standard fiction is limit
ed. \n biography the selections are re
markably strong. The drama, espe
cially of rhakespearia.r.a, has been lib
erally cared' for. Literature is One of
tho great features of the library, espe
cially ia English poetry- The finest
lilCII SHELVES
The newspaper department is large
and important. Newspapers from
every county in the State are bound
anfl ; shelf listed. These 2500 volumes
of bound newspapers furnish a full and
erhp.ustive record of the development
of California.
The map room is furnished with
many hundreds of maps and additions
are constantly being made. Not only
are all official maps cf the State to be
found here, but also copies of all those
issued by the United States Govern
ment, including those upon scientific
subjects.
The law department is recognized as
«>ne .of the best in the country and no
expense is spared to maintain its high
standard. It contains 2S.000 volumes,
including all reports of the various
State and Federal courts, besides the
co'urts of England, Scotland, Ireland,
«.'anada» India and Australia. In the
jnedical collection are S0OO volumes.
A sew subdivision has lately been
made for the traveling library system,
from which nearly fifty libraries have
been dispatched to different parts of
California. Books designed fer this
use are purchesed expressly for the
wants of the communities they are to
serve.
On« of the richest, though least
known, possessions of the people of
California is ihe State Library at Sac
ramento. It will afford satisfaction to
¦ the citizens of California to learn that
the policy which has governed this
library for mwre than fifty years has
been radically changed. This old time
policy considered the State Library as
. being purely for reference use, a place
•Jor investigation and research by any
one who would go there — with the ex
ception of the issuance of books to
certain State crflicers and to members
of the L<egis'aiure during a session.
The State Library was established by
£,n act of the first Legislature, held
at San Jose, 1849-1SD0. During the half
' iTlHl 11 J since its creation it has re
ceived senerous support and at the
• present time has a larger income than
any other State library in the United
* tHates save that of New York. The
income is derived from rees paid into
the office of the Secretary of State and
nu-w amounts to $2500 per month.
- -The entire collection of volumes in
•the library is not far from 125,000 and
is divided into a number of depart
ments.
The first important deal in redwood
timber land in this State this year was
effected yesterday, when a large tract
of forest in lower Humboldt County
was (transferred to -the Metropolitan
Lumber Company of Green Bay, Wis.,
Donovan and O'Connor of Menominee,
Mich., and Charles Culbertson of Boul
der, Colo. The transaction was the re
sult of a visit to California last year of
Congressman Fordney of Saginaw,
through whom the deal was made.
The purchase price is said to be 1600,
000, of which a large payment has al
ready been made. The tract, it is esti
mated, has in the neighborhood of 400,
000,000 feet of timber on it and Is ac
cessible by way of the new railroad
route to Eureka. The purchasers have
announced their intention of organiz
ing a new company, which will pro
ceed in a few months to erect a big
mill on the ground and prepare for the
shipment of its product to the coast by
way of Eureka, where it will be loaded
on schooners to be built by the com
pany. A party of the investors are ex
pected here from the East during the
first week In June to look over the
property. - .
Company Is to Construct
Steam Schooners to Carry
Its Lumber to This Port
Many Practical Subjects Em
braced Cover Wide liange
of Interesting Topics
BETTER LAWS NEEDED
SOON TO BEGIN CUTTING
Important Deal Is Made
by Eastern Capitalists in
Lower Humboldt County
Library Contains Wealth,
in Forms That Enrich
People of Commonwealth
GREAT TREASURE
IN STATE BOOKS
PURCHASE BIG
TIMBER TRACT
THE .SAN FRANCISCO CALU^ WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1904.
Post Street Building of Mechanics' Institute Is Beautified by the
Gift of President Rudolph J. T^ussig and Numer6us Other
Improvements at Present Are Rapidly Nearing Completion
PRETTY MURAL DECORATION
PUT IN LIBRARY ENTRANCE
St. Patrick's Parish Picnic
The annual picnic and excursion of
St. Patrick's parish will be held at
Sunset Park. Santa Cruz Mountains,
en Thursday. June 23.
9
REMOVAL,
Until June 1st we offer for sale, TO SAVE COST OF MOVING,
and to start new store with fresh stock,
slightly shopworn ¦
WHEELERS WILSON SEWING MACHINES
LATEST IMPROVED ;~
$70 STYLES FOR $35'00
ffi Perfect Order, and if not as represented -money refunded. Also a
few drop-head New Catalogue Machines (so called)^ from $15.00
to 92O.OO..
Country orders will receive careful and prompt attention. Freight
free to any point within 200 miles of the city.
WHEELER & WILSON MANUFACTURING CO.
1 Now" at -After June 1st, at
933 MARKET ST, 231 SUTTER ST,
GBAPE-HUTS.
¦Stomacii at
C/Cl^S Wlt^ your food ?
ioox : inio fi ne t 1 ood i
If the food is right the stomach will
soon be right. That's certain, and
Feed Right, Fee! Right, Think Right, |
All follows as a matter of course.
/ Doubts about it? Well, we won't ar-
• gue it, make a 10 days' trial of
Grape-Nuts
, jThe pre-digested food that is ALL nu-
triment and you will probably learn
I enpugrh in that short time to put you on
" the road to health. Cut out the Im-
proper foods and use GRAPE-NUTS
two or three meals a day and see the
•improvement In health that quickly
* follows
Nuts
There's a Reason.
Get the little book, "The Road to
Wellville." In each pke. . v
AT^A7A T>Bela»co & Mayer.
ALCAZAR r^pTe
. General Manager.
IS IT FUNNY? ASK ANYBODY!
TO-NIGHT— MATS. THURS. AND SAT.
Sydney Roscnfeld's Laughing Play.
A POSSIBLE CASll
Evgs.. 25c to 7Sc: MataThurs. A Sat., 25c to SOc
NEXT MON.— Commencing with Extra HOLI-
DAY MAT.. MEMORIAL DAY.
The Picturesque. Romantic Play.
TOLLGATE INN.
In Preparation— LOVERS' LANS.
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 333.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Owen Davis' Macnlflcent Comedy Drama. -
A GREAT TEMPTATION
A Gonteou* and Costly j > ro#uetlon.
First Appearance at This Theater of the
San Francisco Favorite,
JULIA BLANC
flTITI "Down the Mississippi." Sunrise on
V U U the Old Plantation. Ruined Mill by
: 111 ¦¦• Moonligb*. Spectacle of th» Charcoal
; UAJ- 1 - 1 Kilna.
pDIfCC Eveninjrs ' 10c to 50c
IH1VLJ Matlne*s..... lCc. 15c. 23e
. - Starting May 30 OIatln«e) —
; ; r;- "A CELEBRATED CASE."
MOVING PICTURES, showing Ihs
GREAT TRAIN ROBBERY
And a Splsadld Siow Every A?tcraoo3
and Eventasr in the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MXdlATTJRE ELECT3JC *eatt.tm»at»
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY In tho
Zoo. ,
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
AMATZHTS NIGHT THTJBSBAY.
Admlss'on. 10c; Children. 5c.
STATEMENT
oy the
CONDITION AXD AFFAIRS
OP THE
L'UNIVERSO MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MILAN. ITALY. ON THE 31st DAT OF
IVcemSer. A. D. 19tt«. and for th* y»ar
ending on that day. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of tr>e State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blaa*
furnished by the Ccmmlsotoner:
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up .,„„„„„
in Cash ._ 1300.000 00
ASSETS. ~~ ~~
Cash Market Value of all Stoc*»
and Bonds ewn.d bv Company... * 2 2J-^2??-
Cash in Company's Offlce W.0M 5«
Cash In Banks 'AW* 123 » Tl9 w
Pn-mlums In Uue Course of Collec- _
tlon 2T!J.W» ••
Bills recelrable. not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 7.817 <»
Due from other Companies for R«-
Insurance on losses already paid. 40.138 31
Total assets ITST.BTS 3tl
LIABILITIES. ~ '•
Ixsses adjusted and unpaid 1 .
Losses in process of Adjustment 1 .,„...,.
or in Suspense \ $1S3.S.*SO
LoaaM ', resisted, including ex- I
Gross Preml-nms on Marine Tlm«
ntska S ; reinsurance 6O i
pVr «nt .' ...¦•- 21T.«1 =S .
Due and to become due for Cora-
missions and Brokerage 2S.S03 1.1
Total '.labilities $130.201 2rt
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Ma-
r»ne premium* $1.08«.03(J 32
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other source*..... 8.891 M
Total Income .$1.098.831 43
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Marine •'
losses (including $ . Iosam
of -previous years* 57O4.U-S -1
Paid for Salaries. Feen and other 'l.^'-'
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. .2».T3*0»
Paid for State. National and Local
U xe» 4.5rtS73
Total 'expendttnr«» $«."a.331 03
Marine.
Losses incurred during the year.... 1104. 82a M .
L. LORIA. View Pre«ld#n£
CH. VUILLIOMEXET. Secretary.
Subscribed and swern to before me, this 9tS •
oay of April 1004. HARLAN BRUgH
U. & Consul at Milan. Iuly.
MAXX & WILSON, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
aA.VFRAXCISCO.CAU
WNDr Call $1.00 BfirYfiar
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bb** G!haB*6@&
S The Great Bcautiflcr
' and Skin Tonic.
Ueed by leading actresses,
singers and women of the
elite society of two contl-
ntnts for more than a quar-
• ter of a century. .
It is the only preparation
having the unqualified
(JJ.- Indorsements or phys!- j
(fj cian* and recommended i
J * by them to INCREASE j
«S FIRM. HEALTHY
fcj ; FLESH on thin, hol-
P # lowed cheeks and neck
I '*'. without the use of liquid
medicines end tonics. !
I REMOVE8 WRINKI-ES from the face and t
I hands, no matter how deep the furrow. |
! DEVELOPS THE IMMATURE nUST and
! will rcttoru a- breast to its nutural bexuty and
! contour, lost through slcknees or nursing.
! - On Sale Deportment Stores and
! . Druggists.
! CDcPI II nCCCD The regular price of -Dr.
jrtwlAL UrrtK. Charles Fl«sh Food Is
f !.('¦<• a box. but to introduce It Into thousands I
' of new homes we have decided to send two (2) I
1 boxes to all who answer this advertisement and j
fcpcI us $1.00. All packages are sent in plain
wrapper, rostage prepaid.
rnnjj A cample box — Just enough to convince
r««CL. y<fli of tho great merit of Dr. Charles
Flesh Food— will be sent free for 10 cents.'!
i which pays for ccst of mailing. We will also |
send you our illustrated book. "Art of Mas- j
'•tta^e." which contains all the proper movements'
1 for mnssaslns the face, neck and arms, ami full
I directions for developing the bust. ] Address
j DR. CHARLES CO., 1C8 Fuiton St.. Hew York
i — — **"—" — ¦— — — — —* * ~— —— ~ —— »¦ — — —»
HOTELS AXD KESORTS. '¦
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
-\i * ~^~~~ " -
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense of
$26O.f)O<>— New Management— ENTIRELY FIRE-
PROOF. • • ' •"-¦•¦*¦¦¦- ¦:
LOCATION — Very accessible to street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
2":l ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms In antique- decorations.
Turkish nathx In Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. De Stei-
ger Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Walrs. /
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions In every room: long distance connections
made with any part of the Coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense.
HOTEL BUTLER. . Seattle. Wash.
Pfltarp D0N T FA!L T P
1 UlU WC see the beautiful '
. ,. j COURT Lounging
Vi fill room, the EMPIRE
aim . PhRLOR, the
C ; J PALMROOM.the
iTrnHU LOUIS XV PAR-
HI a H U LOR. and the LA-
U J.~t~~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels RooM
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL
,, -RECREATION PARK.
¦ . eighth and Harrison sts. .
SAN FRANCISCO vs. PORTLAND.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FIUDAY.
3i30 1*. M.
- SATURDAY, 3 P. M.- ..
SUNDAY and DECORATION DAY. 2:30 P. M.
. Ladles' days ¦ Thursday and . Friday.
Advance ; sale . of . seats at 5 Stockton- st.
CULURriiBIA mm mum
LAST 4 NIGHTS-MAT1KPE SAT.
KX. RICBJkJRD
MANSFIELD
TO-NIGHT— BEAU BRUMMEL.
Thursday— OLD HEIDELBERG.
Frtday-DR. JEKYLL and MR jHYDE.
Matinee Stturd»y— OLD HEIDELBERG.
Saturday Night— IVAN THE TERRIBLE.
BEGnnrcxro sszt mosbay.
Ensarement Extraordinary!
Charlet Frohman will present
Maude Adams
(Her first stellar appearance here.)
In "THE LITTLE MINISTER."
SEAT SALE TO-MORROW 9 £ t m.
CALIFORNIA
>«Sa GREATEST STOCK COMPANY G&j.
G^ EVER SEEN HERE.
I Return of the Favorites.
\ The Other Morcso Company |
j (formerly the Nelll-Morosco Company.) B
3 Presenting the DeUshtful Comedy. H
1 WHcN WE WERE TWcHTY-ONE I
» I Speclat Summer Prices — Orchestra Q
m Seat3 75c; a few front rows. $1: choice m
j Balcony Seatn. 50c; Bargain Matinees If
I Thursdays, 2.'ic and 30c. a
3 Next Sunday— JANICE MEREDITH. 9
¦ HOLIDAY MATINEE MONDAY. -W
SPECIAL— THIS (WEDNESDAY) AFTER-
NOON.
Farewell Appearance of
MMb.SLAHOFFSKI
England's Greatest Prima Donna Soprano.
Burke. X>a Bne and the Inky Boys; Colby
Pamily; Al Lawrence; Bella Gordon;
Alfom;
Marcel's Living Art Studies;
Charles DelaaA and Company and
Hume, Boss aad Lewis.
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday. Thtirs-
dav. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c. 25c
and' Tibc. j
I in WAI I o p e RA
I IVUU HOUSE-
MATINKK SATURDAY.
THIRD AND LAST WEEK
Of tho Delightful Musical Comedy
A RUNAWAY ipiOB
RUiMAWAY U?iiftL.
! .
-DECO^T^N DAY hit HOldlf \&l\}M
Revival Ore Week Onlv the Musical Com-
-•'¦• • fdy_Hlt, _^__
j | THE TOY MAKER |
TOY MATINEES MONDAY & SATURDAY
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 25c. 00c. 75c
MATINEE SATURDAY.
**T LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
MELBOURNc
MacDOWELL
In Sardou'a Intense Drama
| FEDORA I
""MatjSef 7 GISMONDA
SPECIAL MATINKK DKCCmATION PAY.
POPULAR PRICES— 15c. 25o. SOc, «5c-
! IT: i t x : x : I TO "DAY!
. BBC INS I }\;\t I * a V " * *
! Sale of rwierved »eat« for the REOPENING
! ON SUNDAY NIGHT NEXT. May 23.
Ctme and *e« the prettiest and safest theater
- west of N>w YorK and
A riproarlne burlesque, wltn one thousand
\ laughs ami chock full of novelties.
A new Burlesque Company. Including Yorke
ana Adams Al Fields. Edwin A. Clarke. Caro-
line Hull Edna Aug. Oarrtty Sisters. I>n Dil-
lon and Roy Alton. New choruc of forty.
See the sensation Of the axe, "The Radium
Girls " No advance in the prices.
, PECORATION DAY MATINEE.
IA/. T.HESS,
¦ Notary PnbUo and Attorney-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Room 101&..U.I i>tnc«<iu btda
. Telephone Main 883.
¦ Residence, 1802 McAUUto: st .
' Rcsidtnc* Telepbon* Pag* SOtt.
AMUSEMENTS.
PBAGZBS.
A3rCSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This Is the Last Wednesday
of the Month*
c There
— — — — — _ —
Will Be Something Doing
at Pragers.
IVtn't Mfcc ft.
SJUll \j 1 1155 ll£«
J| ALWAYS RELIABLE
1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^Vesmate 95, *Gravlna 107, 'Glassful 109, •Than*
110, Potheen 111.
•Apprentice allowance.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First Race— Triumvir, Peter J.
Somers, Vestina Belle.
Second Race — 3Iamselle, Telephone,
Colonel Tyler.
Third Race — Peggie MJne, Peggy
O'Neal. Mis« Inez.
Fourth Race — Flo Bob, Bad News,
By Ways.
Fifth Race — Gloriosa, Montanlc,
Nervator.
Sixth Race — Thane, Spencerian,
Gravina.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — "Marco 100
•Emigre 102. -Nervator 103. »Elfln King 100.
Zyra 105. Dr. Leland 103, Charley Grainger
107. Glorloso 109, Marshalsea 109, Barkelmore
110, The Forum 110, Maximua 110, Censor 110.
Sweet Tooth 110. Montanlc 111. «Typhonlc 113.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Sweet Tone 89, »Spencerlan 90, •School-
Third race, five furlongs. Lassie stakes, two
year-old fillies; $1500 added — Aunt Katherine
103. Seasick 103. Moorish Damsel 110 'Pegno*
Mine 110. »Lady Lasca 115, «Lady McKeowr*
110. "*Lady Moneuse 115, The Mist 115, 'Useful
Lady 115. Peggy O'Neal 115. La Londe 121.
•Lady Ellison 121. »Mlss Inez 125. (Peggy
Mine, Lady Lasca. Durnell entry: Lady Me-
Keown. Lady Moneuse and Useful Lady.
Schorr entry: Lady Ellison and Miss Inez.
Ellison entry.)
Fourth race, one mile — Flo Bob 89, By Ways
100 Fossil 105. Bad News 1C9.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards,
selling— Telephone 91. Ebony 96, 'Maraselle
98 'Martin 00, •Harrison 102, Face. Guard 108.
Colonel Eyrer 112. .
First race, five and a half furlongs, maidens,
three-year-olds — Dragoon 111, Arab 111,
Watermelon 111. Illinois 111. Energetic 112.
Ve&tlna Belle 112. Peter J. Somera 114, R. F.
Williams 114. Buck Wynne 114, Farrorder 114,
Annora J 117. Freesias 117, Reglna G 117,
Triumvir 119.
CHICAGO. May 24. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Hawthorne are
as follows: ; .
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
. First race — Passive, Sylvan Belle,
A Lady Fair.
Second race — Satchel, Detest, Du
plicate.
Third race — Bengal, Cherished,
Flora Brisht.
Fourth race— Malster, Operator,
Elastic.
Fifth race — Sting, Lovable, Lady
Matchless.
Sixth race — Lord Tennyson, Sister
Lillian, Exapo.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
ST. LOUIS, May 24. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Delmar
Park are as follows:
First race, four furlongs. maidens— My
Eleanor liv*. Anntsquam 103. Passive 103.
Edith May 103. La Princess lol. Fair Una 101.
A Lady Fair 101. Glennnlass 100. Slyvan Bella
100, Clara Forrester 100. Viola Faith 93. An
nabelle Lee 05.
Second race, eleven-sixteenths of a mils,
sellinx — Maud Wallace 103. Wtssendlne 103.
Duplicate 103. Edith Ross 100. Detest 100,
Feronia 10O. Chlckasha 100. Cressida loo.
Eleanor Howard OS. Satchel 93. Gallawater 95,
Back Number 95.
Third race, mile ar.d twenty yards, selllnx —
Brngal 111. Gas Lighter 110, Trio 10«. Jerry
105, Cherished 104, Drummond 104, Jlngler 101.
Flora Bright 10<\ Ktngstelle 90, Burke Coch
ran 07. RegUn 81. Juat So 01.
Fourth race, six furlongs., handicap — Elastic
US. Operator 116. Foxy Kane 112, Malster 10©,
Dr. Stephens 102. Laura Hunter 100. Ivernla
95. Happy Chappy 90.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling — Velasquex
109, Jim Winn 106. Tlckful 106. Lynch 104.
Varna Fonso 100. Lingo 103. Lovable 102, Lady
Matchless 101. Sting 00. Eleven Bells 89, Ru
rallst tl9. Hook Se Oka 92.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
jnc Broodier 103. John II 1C5, Blrdwood 105.
Iras 102. Hansborough 10O. Lord Tennyson
10O. Pyrrho luO. Exapo 99, Sister Lillian 94.
Weather clear; track drying.
DELMAR PARK ENTRIES.
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, May 24.— The Bel
mont stakes, one and a quarter miles
over the hill, will be' the feature of
the Morris Park card to-morrow.
Delhi. Rapid Water, Leonidas,
Broomstick and other stars are card
ed to start. All the entries carry 126
pounds except Robin Hood, which
will have 123 pounds up. The day's
entries:
Flret race. Withers mile, selling — Klngralne
110, Dark Planet 110, All Gold 110. Cincinnatus
110. Burning Glass 107, Bolina 105. Love Note
100. Baikal 102, Keynote 102, Lord Melbourne
102, Fort Plain 100, Hoodwink 100. Dimple 05.
Second race, five furlongs, eclipse course —
Blue Coat 10S. Gamara 108. Tommy Waddell
108. Elegant 10S. Flyback 108, Broadcloth 108,
Jack McKeon 105.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, eclipse
course — Glorifler 122. The Claimant 122, Brit
isher 122, Augur 119.
Fourth' race, one and a quarter miles over
the hill, the Belmont Btake— Ostrich 126,
Broomstick 120, Conjuror 126, Grazlallo 120.
Leonidas 126. Rapid, Water 12C, The Southerner
12(J, Delhi 120, Robin Hood 123. (Broomstick
and Conjuror, Brown entry.)
Fifth race, about two and a half miles,
handicap steeplechase — Whineray 159, Gortna-
Kallon 13S Manlllan 13S, Hark Forward 155.
Philma Paxton 147. Tireless 140, Confederate
Gray 139. Gascar 136. Buck Lodge 135, Kum
shaw 132. (Whineray and Gortnagallon, Colt
Sixth race seven furlongs of the Withers
mile selling— All Gold 111. Prlncelet 102. Mc-
Grathlana Prince 102. Hoodwink 100. Love
Note 10O, Eloim 10O. KIneraine 100. Queen
Elizabeth 100, Burning Glass 108, Neptunus
07 John F. Ahem 07, Lord Melbourne 100,
Gold Dome 104, Palette 107.
Weather clear; track fast.
MORRIS PARK SELECTION'S.
By the Morning Telegraph.
First Race — Keynote, Fort Plain,
All Gold.
Second Race — Elegant, Tommy
Wnddell, Flyback.
Third Race— Britisher, Glorifler,
The Claimant.
Fourth Rrtce^ — broomstick, IxmiiiI
das, Rapid Water.
Fifth Race— Hark Forward, Manil
ian, IMiilma Paxton.
Sixth Race — McGrathiana Prince,
All Gold. Hoodwink.
McCIIESXEY IS UAME.
Brooklyn Handicap May Start With
out the Big Horse.
NEW, YORK, May 24.— McChesney
has temporarily gone wrong. There is
a ' possibility that heroic treatment
may result in his being able to go to
the post for the Brooklyn handicap,
but to-night this was a hope rather
than a 'conviction. The big horse has
shown lameness in his work, and it
may be necessary to throw him out of
training. \
Laionin Race Results.
CINCINNATI. May 24. — I>at on la results :
First race, . seven furlongs — Varro won.
Brand New second, Ruth Parrish third. Time.
Second . i race.' one mile — Reservation won.
Flying Ship second. Sir Gallant third. Time,
1:39%.
Third race, .six furlongs^-Annle Lauretta
won. J J T second. Lulu Mare third. Time,
1:15%.- • - • K .
Fourth race. Merchants' stake, . one mile,
selling— Jake . Greenberg won, Handmore sec
ond. Harding third. Time. 1 :40. '
-Fifth race. ..five furlongs — Saronola won,
Weberfields second, Happy Jack third. Time,
l:02^i." •':-..' ' :
¦ race, <- six . furlongs — Van Ness won,
Mabel Wyna second. Cowdoo third. Time,
l:14«4. -
CLEVEREST HEAVYWEIGHT AMATEUR BOXERS OF AMERICA. WHO ARE TO
MEET TO-NIGHT IN MECHANICS' PAVILION IN A FOUR-ROUND BOUT.
THE CALIFORNIAN IS A STRONG FAVORITE IN THE BETTING,
Although amateur boxing and bet
ting are not supposed to go together,
there Is considerable money being
wagered on the meeting to-night in
Mechanics' Pavilion between William
Rodenbach, the American champion,
and Sam Berger, the Pacific Coast
champion. Berger, being 'a home pro
duct, is favored by the bettors. He
opened an 8 to 10 choice and the price
dropped quickly to 6 to 10.
As Rodenbach has defended his title
to the American championship for
four years against all comers this
seems a false price. The bettors are
counting on Berger's remarkable speed
and also on the marked advantage he
has in height, reach and weight to re
turn him a winner at the end of the
fourth round.
Rodenbach is conceded to have had
the wider ring experience, but how
far that will carry him with a man of
Berger's undoubted cleverness as a
boxer will have to be demonstrated in
the ring. The Eastern man has made
a favorable impression on visitors at
his quarters, some Beeing in him the
counterpart of Joe Walcott as a hard
hitter from any position.
The other eight bouts are: Jim Daly
of the Olympic Club vs. Billy Batten of
the Hawthorne Club; J. Adams of the
Belmont Club vs. Pat Sullivan of the
Hawthorne Club; Lew Powell vs. Bob
Lundie; Bert Marsh vs. Bob Cairns;
Al Young vs. Tom McGreel, and Harry
Chester vs. Jack Walsh.
Four of the foregoing bouts are for
the Coast championships in various
classes. Eddie Graney will referee all
the bouts, while Phil Wand and E. J.
Smith will act as judges.
PETALUM A, May 24.— Harry
Stover has succeeded in getting a con
cession, from the Pacific Jockey Club
to extend his* race meet one day. This
will :make the closing date Monday
(Decoration day). As the day will be
observed in this city a big. attendance
is expected. ' A large week day crowd
attended the races to-day The
weather was fine and the track fast.
Ten books are doing business. Bet
ting was lively and the books did well.
Ed Duke has been appointed an of
ficial, vice F. E. Mulholland.who has
gone to Harbin Springs to renew ac
quaintance with Champion Jeffries.
Capp & Co.'s colt, Only Jimmie, won
his second race of the meeting to
day, scoring handily against a good
field. Stover, as usual, came in for 'a*
winning, St. Phillipina taking the
event for four-year-old mares. The
Lieutenant kept some of the Kenil-*
worth money at home, taking second
place in the fourth event. The'sum
mary:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; RPlllng:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Step Around. 107 (Linton). 8 3 1 11
4 to 5— Sub. Queen 107 (Buxton). 4 1 1V£2 h
8 to 5— Lady Kent. 110 (Holbrook) 5 4 2 3 1%
Time. 1:01%. Won first three driving. Ca
thello 100, Victoria S 100, Myrtle H 107, Little
Secret ICO, Enjoyment 105, finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Four furlongs; two-year
olds; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
4 to 1— Only Jlmmle, 110 (Kelly). 6 1 1^1 3
30 to 1— Leah, 102 (F. Sullivan).. 4 21 2h
2 to 1— Steel Wire, 107 (Williams) 3 3 1 3 h
Time, :49. Won easily next three driving.
Edith Vice 102. EdgeclilT 102. Anita Knight
107, Heredla 107, Alba A 102, Light of Day 1C2,
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— St. Phillipina, 167 (Wlm») 3 1 1^1 h
2 to 1— Priestlike. 97 (Crosswalt) 5 2 Vi 2 3
2 to 1 — Nanon 105 (H. Smith).. 2 3 13 1%
Time, 1:01%. Start poor. Won first three
driving. Nonle 105 Katanga 97. Amoruna 97,
Mestzo 107. Wilna 07. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs;- selling:
three-year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 1 — Milas, 134 (F. Kelly).. 1 3 1 1 h
8 to 6 — The Lieut., 117 (Vckery) 2 2 1 2 h
25 to 1— Homage, 129 (A.Powell) 7 5 1«43 1
Time, 1:15V4* Won first five driving hard.
Dr. Sherman 126, Scherzo 120. Dandle Belle
129. Arthur Ray 134. Gibraltar 134, finished
as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
6 to 1 — The Pride, 107 (Linton)... 3 11 1 %
5 to 1— My Surprise, 09 (Fountain) 0 2 1 2 1#
5 to 2— Mlmo, 102 (H. Smith)., ft 4 3 1%3 1
Time. 1:1334. Start good. Won first three
driving. Nullah 96. Pat Morrlssey 103, Cracko
90, Montana Peeress 09, Cheerden 105, finished
as named. . . .
SIXTH RACE— On© mile; three-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Home, WHght. Jockey. St. i % pin.
3 to 5 — I^aocoon, 110 (Fltzpatrick) 1 2 2 13
20 to 1— Dusty Miller, 110 (Smith) 4 1 % 2 3
3 to 1— L. Atheling. 105 (Sulllvn) 7 5 13 4
Time, 1:43 tt; Start good. Won easily, sec
ond and third ridden out. War Times 105,
Vaughn l(/7. Brown Patsy 110. Al Waddle 110,
Miss May BowUlsh- 105. finished as named.
, *' TRKTAIjUMA ENTRIES.
The entries for .to-morrow's races
are:
First race, six furlongs, for beaten horses
at the meeting, selling — Moor 116, Vassalo 116,
Alturaa 121. Cazador 119, Tom Kingsley 121.
Red Damsel 110. Sir Dougal 116. Nellie Bawh
110. Thaddeus 119, Pat Morrlsey 121, St. Rica
121, Headwater 11G.
Second race, four furlongs, three-year-olds
and up. selling— Midway 100, Juan Bellardo
119, Matnelone 115. Virgil D 120, Montezuma
110, Tarcctte 100. Nanon 115, Saul of Tarsus
122, Hercules 122. Lady Usk 100, Contanza
100. Maud Sherwood 117.
Third race. Fix furlongs, three-year-olds and
up, Eelllng— Gladys Belle 117, Carilee 114. As
sessment J 21, 'Effervescence 100, Miss Vera 114.
Bassenzo 116, Emathlon 110, Crlgli 100. Blon
ilura 117. Marello 110, llr. Dingle 122, Red
Tip 124.
Fourth race, one mile, three-year-olds and
up, eelllnc — Illowaho 110, Northwest 80, Lao
coon 03. Heather Honey 98, Forest King lFJ,
Nullah 100. Colonel Anderson 113, J. V. Klrby
106. Colonel Van 104.
Fifth race, five furlongs, three-year-olds anil
up, selllns— Potentia 10H, Lost Baby 00. Our
Pride 114. Sir Pre?t6n 103, Royal White 10C.
Abydos 107, Aggressor 114, My Surprise 110,
Benlash 100. Urbana 111, Light Braid 114,' Bee
Rosewater 109.
Sixth race, one mile, three-year-olds and ut>,
Belllns — Leash 102, Petrolia 107, Possart ITT5.
Natal 93, Anirad 80, Chickadee 111, David S
108. Huapala 80.
STANFORD'S STAR ATHLETES
ARRIVE IX WINDY CITY
Californians Are to Compete Ajrainst
Cracks From the Middle West
on June 4. . ';....
CHICAGO. May 24.— The - Leland
Stanford Jr. University athletes, who
will compete In the annual conference
meet at Marshall Field on June 4, ar
rived from California to-day and are
located at the Chicago Beach Hotel.
Nine men, in charge of Manager
Barrett, are in the party. They are:
N. E. Dole, high jumper; F. S. Hol
man, half-miler; R. F. West, broad
jumper; H. W. Bell, high and broad
jumper; Harry Lanagan, hurdler; O.
E. Hyde and J. M. Beach, shot-put
ters, and J. Dunn, hammer thrower.
The men will train regularly at Mar
shall Field until the meet. All are in
the best of condition and were given
a chance to limber up their arms and
legs at Marshall Field this afternoon
with some of Stagg's athletes.; ,.H. W.
Bell, the high, and broad 1 jumper, sus
tained several slight bruises on the
trip when coming through Wyoming.
The men had alighted from the train
at a small station, and, while running
along the tracks; Bell fell, spraining
his ankle and bruising his knee. He
was not severely , hurt, however, and
will be able to take part in the events
in -which* he Is entered./
Poolroom Cases Dismissed.
NEW YORK, May 24. — All the pris
oners arrested in last night's' raid on
downtown. poolrooms were discharged
to-day, Assistant , District Attorney
Lord saying there was not sufficient
evidence against them. ' • \ -
Thespians Sue for." Salaries.
¦ Helen Russell and Richard Carroll
filed suits against the -Fischer-Reb
mam Theater Company' yesterday : ; for
money they allege is due 1 them' under
a contract, -the terms of which they al
lege were broken by the defendant.
Miss Russell asks for judgment 1 for
nine weeks' salary at . the rate of . $2 00
a week and \ Carroll wants 5 Judgment
for $3777. / In the suit* of Carroll he
asks 'to be recompensed for the cost
of areturn trip' from New York City,
to * this ' city and for •'* damages " for
breach of contract. ,
Manager Stover Is Granted
Another Day of Grace by
the Pacific Jockey Club
SIXTH RACE — One and three-sixteenth
miles; handicap: three- year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse, Weight,, Jockey. St. % Fin.
25 to 1— Colpnsay, 95 (D.O'Conr) 1 1 1 1 h
10 to 1— Brigand, 02 (J. Jones).. 5 2^22
7 to 5 — Short Hose.115 (Cormck 4 4h 3f,
Time, 2:01. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. W. C. Daly's ch. c. by Inverness-Black
Cap. Andy Williams, Toboggan, Trepan fin
ished as named.
FIFTH RACE — About two and a half
miles; Meadowbrook Hunters' steeplechase.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Coligny. 152 (Donohue). 18 14
5 to 1— W. Crest, 103 (E.Heider) 4 5 1 2 30
30 to 1— Llpton. 140 (J. Helder). 8 7 2 3 ns
Time, 4:32. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. E. Widener's b. g. by Carlsbad-
L" Orient. Almanzar, Pure Pepper, Bonfire,
Agio, Tom Cogan, Graceway finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
the Jockey Club stake, weight for age; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1 — *E. Burch. 121 (Cormack) 2 2 1 \ ?i
4 to 3 — Dol. Spanker. 106 (Redfrn) 4 12 2 7
8 to 1 — The Southerner. 109 (Hlbd) 5 4 1 3 5
4 to 1— Robin Hood, 108 (Shaw)., 3 3 3 4 3
Time, 1:54. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner R. T. Wilson Jr.'s b. g. by Kingston-Lady
Gay. Major Daingerfleld also ran. •Disqual
ified for foul.
THIRD RACE— The Withers mile; the
amateur cup; a highwelght selling: three-year
olds and up; to be ridden by gentlemen riders:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
COtol— W.B.FasIg.129 (Mr.Nchls) 7 4 h 1 3V4
3 to 1— Kilogram. 151 (Mr.Lewls) 1 2 3 2 1%
4 to 1— D. Gold. 130 (Mr.Valntn) 2 1 V, 3 ns -
Time, 1 :44 3-5. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner, b. c. by Golden Garter-Male Hanlon.
Satire. Arrahgowan, Girdle, McWHllams. Coley
and Earl of Warwick finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; two-year
olds; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin."
12 to 1 — Consuelo II. 90 (DeSouza) 5 1 h 1 ZYi
:t to 1— Raiment. 06 (D.O'Conner) 0 6 % 21^
7 to I— Fleur de Marle,09 (Phlp«) 7 7 h 3 2
Time. :59 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, F. G. Calhoun's b. f. by Beadwardlne-
Mlss Pepper. Harpoon. Blue Print. Nevada,
Belle of Setauket, Vassar Girl, Esterre, Anti
mony and Flavor finished as named.
Time. 1:22. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, W. H. Snyder's b. f. by Grammont-Un
rest II. Lady Prudence, Grantsdale. Stepaway.
Miss Eugenie Phaser, Detention and Stalker,
finished as named.
Dolly Spanker, the odds-on favorite
for the Jockey Club stakes, weight for
age, finished second to Eugenia Burch,
but was awarded the race because the
latter mare, foulry ridden by Cormack,"
penned in both Robin Hood and Major
Daingerfleld so as to cause the latter to
fall to his knees.
Two jockeys riding" in the steeple
chase fell at the Liverpool jump. Rob
ert M. Taylor of Maryland broke his
collarbone, while .for a long time it
seemed certain that H. Green had been
seriously injured. . His apparently in
animate body was lifted to. one side by
an officer while waiting for the ambu
lance. Fortunately it turned out that
Green was not badjly injured.
Even the last race yielded Its sensa
tion, as two long shots, Colonsay and
Brigand, fought it out, the former win
ning by a few inches. The badly ridden
Shorthose was only a short distance
off, defeating Andy Williams for third
place by a small margin.' This race had
also a -sensation 'at --the start. Trepan
was caught by the barrier and his rider,
H. Phillips, was dragged off. For about
a Quarter of a mile the riderless horse
formed qne of the field, but after that
dropped out of it. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
maidens; three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 2— Nlskayuna, 105 (Travers) 2 3 11 2%
lOtol — Ogontz. 110 (Gannon) 4 2 3 2 ns
8 to 1 — Tom Lawson, 107 (Calhn) 7 7 % 3 h
NEW YORK, May 24.— With the ad
vent of the warmest day of the season
came several incidents at. Morris Park
track of more than ordinary interest.
The Amateur cup, for gentlemen riders,
was won by the 100 to 1 shot W. B.
Fasig, ridden by a Baltimore amateur,
Mr. Nichols.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; three-year
olds; purse:
Betting: Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— E. of India, 108 (Johnsn) 2 21411
11 to 10— F. Leppert. 112 (N'icol). 1 12 23
12 to 1 — St. George Jr..ll5 (Rbns) 3 3 2U3 4
Time. 1:01 4-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. W. T. Shafer"s b. g. by Prime Min
ister-Sarah Klmbro. Patsy Brown 112. Fran
ces Yowell 106. Blumenthal 111, Lanark 108,
Sciplo 112. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles
four-year-olds and up: aelllns: i
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
7 to 10— L. Crawford. 100 (Lwnce) 4 2 2 »1
15 to 1— MaJ. Manslr.107 (Henry) 2 4 2 «1
4 to 1— Early Eve. 104 (Sherwd) 3 7 2 3 2*4
•Dead heat; purse divided. Time. 1:56. Start
straggling. Won "driving. Winners. B. Schrel
ber's b. g., 4. by Sain-Apozea, and S. C.
Hildreth's b. g.. 7, hy Eothen-Volanvent.
Marcos 110, Compass 100. Albany Girl 0«5. Ra.
bunta 107. Hermenda 102. finished as named
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three -year- olds
and up; handicap.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
Even — McGee, 120 (Lawrence) 6 2 1 11
15 to 1 — Horatlus. 110 (Powell).. 2 7 h 2 h
3 to 1— Talpa, 106 OTicol) 7 3 13 2
Time. 1:41 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. Corrigan's b. c. (4) by White
Knight-Remorse. Sambo 108, Schwalbe 100,
Rankln 93. Frontenac 108, Judge Hlmes \ 115*
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Steeplechase; short course;
four- year-olds and up; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %, Fin.
3 to 5— Poorlands. 155 (McHgh) 1 2 1 1 h
3 to 1— Snowdrift. 126 (Tully). 3 1 V> 2 4
13 to 2— Alma Girl. 143 (Seaton) 2 3 10 3 8
Time, 2:54 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner J. Cowall's b. g. (8) by Flatlands-
Ltzzie H. Ceylon 143. Donaml 134, John E.
Owens 155. finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
17 to 10— Action. 107 (Henry) 2 3^ 12
3 to 1 — N'ervator, 102 (Lawrence) 3 2 2Vi2 4
8 to 1— Banquero. 97 (Aubuchon) 6 1 n 3 1
/Time, 1:14 2-.5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. S. C. Hlldreth's b. c. (4) by Faver
?£? e ",£i enola - J - P - Mayberry 97, Typhonic
105, The Hebrew 92. Edward Hale 100, finished
as named.
Favorites won five races, Lacy Craw
ford, the favorite for -the fifth, running
a dead heat with Major Mansir. Sum
maries:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. « Fin
3 to 2— Scotch Irish. 110 (Kelly). 3 11 1 3U
18 to 1— Sq. Johnson. 110 (Haack) 6 4 >i 2 1 '
15 to 1— Woodlands. 110 (Mountn) 4 8 3 3 Vi
Time. :56. Start fair. Won easily, win
ner. E. R. Bradley's ch. c. by The Commoner-
Bonnie Blue. Lord Dixon 110, Silverskin 110.
Al Casey 107. MeUwood 111, Bonnie Prince
Charlie 111, Rathskeller 110 T. L. Ross 107.
Charlie Dickson 110, finished a» named.
CHICAGO, May 24.— Ed Corrigan's
imported colt , McGee furnished the
sensational feature to-day at Haw
thorne. Carrying 120 pounds and' with
Lawrence on his back, McGee won the
fourth race, a handicap at one mile,
with impressive ease.
Corrigan and his friends are said to
have won largely on the race. Opening
at 6 to 5, -the money poured into the
ring on McGee in such large chunks
that in a short time even money was
the best to be had about him. The
Corrigan colt had the race at his mercy
soon after the barrier went up, and he
won as his rider pleased.
On Saturday McGee. with 112 pounds
up, ran third to Bad News, apparently
being short of work and unable to go
more than six furlongs. Outside of Me-
Gee's- sudden return to form, the fea
ture was the dead heat in the fifth race
betwen Lacy Crawford and Major
Mansir. A dead heat is a rare thing in
this vicinity, the one to-day being the
first in years. .
Although the track was good and the
weather pleasant, only a small crowd
witnessed the races, many people evi
dently resenting the action of the race
track officials in cutting out the tele
graph seryloe, thereby compelling peo
ple to. bet their money at the track or
not at. all,.." .
SIXTH RACE— Purse; three-year-olds and
up; nix furior.KS.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — K. Ellsworth.105 (Wlce) 5 2n»Hj
6 to 1— Radium. 10O (Perkins).. 1 13 27
SO to 1 — Algonquin. 10O (McGinn) 4 32 34
Time. 1:20^. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. D. McMillan & Co.'s b. c. 3, by
King Eric-Mabel Ellsworth, dear the Arena
100. Mlllbrook 105. Claremont 105. finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE — Purse; two-year-olds; four
ar.d a fcalf furlongs.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
Stol — Braden. loa (Austin)... 4 2 nk 1 h
5 to 2— Gay Adelalde.105 (Wtan) 3 11 210
11 to 2— Phil King. 112 (Cocolo). 1 35 3 3
Time. l:0O. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner, L. P. Hay<»3' b. c, 2, by Woolthorp«-
Edlth Belmont. Trapnall J 112, llajor Outlook
10U, ABimos 112. Paul Revere 112, finished as
named. Trapnall J left.
FOURTH RACE — One mile and ieTenty
yards; pur3e: three-year-olds and up.
Betting. Hone. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
a to 2— Taby Tosa. 104 (Fauntly) 3 2 1 1 h
8 to 5 — Deutschland, 116 (Austin) 1 1 3 2 S
5 to 2 — Jack Young. 102 (Wllace) 2 3 3
Time 1:63, Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. S. B. Burnett's gr. g. (5) by L« Premier-
Grey Bess.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; purse; tare«
year-olds. ., _,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
14 to 5 — Ftlghts Favrte.lOO(Astn) 1 1 4 1 n
9 to s_F. Collins, 105 (J.Hnsy) 2 2 }j 2 b
11 too — Harmakls. 112 (Rice).. 4 4 3 8
Time 1:20*4. Start straggling. Won driv
ing. Winner. T. A. Gay & Co."s b. f. (3) by
Lamplighter-Performance. SadU Burcn. 100
also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse i
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Tin.
7 to 6 — Sid Silver, 10* <Cocolo>... 1 1^13
Stol— Requisition, 80 (Plunkett). 6 2 3 2 2
7 to 1— Light Hunt. 101 (Wilson). 4 4 4 3 14
Time l:13»*. Start good. Won eajlly.
Winner J. J. Ogle-s b. g.. 4. by Siddartha-
SUver Uangle. B. F. Johnson 100. Hart D 103.
tattle Arrow OS. Clifton Boy 103. Dr. Kler 10.J.
Itanco t»S Nabocklish 10«. Jerry Hunt 10a.
finished a3 named. Hart D ran away a mile.
ST. LOUIS. May 24.— Three probable
starters in the Fair Grounds Inaugural
stakes met in the Delmar feature
event to-day. In a hard drive the
three were necks apart. At the wli«
Taby Tosa shoved his nose in front of
Deutschland. Jack Ytmng bavin
chucked it up twenty yards before the
finish. The weather was fine. The
track was slow, but drying out rapidly.
Summaries:
FIRST RACE — Four furlongs; two-year-olds ;
ttetttng. Hor»e. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Liddon. 119 (Wition) B 1 ft 1 h
4 to 1— P. Priesmyer.lCS (WaUce) 3 2 H 2 5
5 to 1— C&pitaao. 112 (Barrtneer). 2 4 *» 3 1
Time :MV Start rood. V>on driving.
Winner T. II. Stevens' "b. c. by Wadswortn-
Tern II. Devince 112. Trourere 108. St. Javan
108. Peach Bloom ICO. Our Mo 112. Nlberad
108, Valiant 112. dnished as named.
TEN BOOKMAKERS CUT IN
Three Colts Finish
Necks Apart at
the Wire.
Speedy Colt Takes .Second
Race Against a Field of
Fast Ones at Kenilworth
Ed Corrigan's McGee
Runs a Great
Race.
Eugenia Burch Es
Disqualified by
Judges.
"ONLY JIMMIE"
LANDS AGAIN
STEEPLECHASE RIDERS HURT
IN A FALL AT MORRIS PARK
BERGES INSTALLED A SIX TO TEN CHOICE OVER RODENBACH
" The doctor who lances an ulcerated
tooth cuts quite a swell.
It's the fellow who is green, that is
generally done up brown* c
SALT LAKE, Utah. May 24. — Jerry
McCarthy of Walkeryille, Mont.,
knocked out Otto Sieloff of Chicago in
the tenth round of a scheduled
twenty-round bout to-night. He
knocked Sieloff down twelve times.
In the third round the gong saved' the
Chicago lad from a knockout
McCarthy Defeats Otto Sieloff.
Spokane Hlstm Soldier Pitcher.
SPOKANE. Wcsh., May 24.—Man
ager Reilly of the Spokane baseball
team has signed Henry E. Forsyth, the
California pitcher, who has a record of
winning sixty-three out of sixty-seven
pames. Forsyth made his great rec
t>rd with the soldiers' nine at the Pre
tidio, San Francisco, irtit the managers
of the Pacific Coast League overlooked
#-im. He was recently honorably dis
sr&argred from the army.
Vnnual Consisnmont Ilungnrian
I'oiiic*.
j ne iiopiar.d htoek Farm will offer at
private sale at the salesyard of Fred H.
Chaso & Co.. 1732 Market street. San
Francisco, during the present weok 20
Hungarianjx.jnes. broken to saddle and
driving. Tfin ponies Dred on this farm
are exceptional and will be shown to in
tending purchasers in harness or under
¦saddle. -vVV »
STOCKTON, May 24.— Rufe Turner
won his fight with Jack Burke . to
night in eight rounds. Turner out
classed Burke, but the latter was game
and wanted to continue fighting when
his seconds threw up the sponge at
the opening of the ninth round.
Burke's manager had a bet of $200
that Turner would not knock Burke
out in eight rounds and he held out to
win that bet.
Turner Stops Burke Easily.
Likely Candidates for Championship
Honors to Meet on the Mat at
Olympic Club.
The amateur wrestlers of the Pa
cific Coast will have their innings to
morrow night at the Olympic Club,
when the annual championship will
be decided. The entries are:
Bantam. 105 pounds—William Brannan, un
attached; Chauncey Carr; O. C. J C • Oari
Stern. O. C. J. C. . "
Feather. 115 pounds — Leonard Kulltnan O
C. : Hyman Raphael, Columbia Park Bova'
Club: G. S. Kroger, O.. C. J. C; H. Stein c
P. B. C. '
Special, 125 pounds— -C." D. Pentony O C •
E. J. Anstett, O. C; Earle. Martin, unat-
Uched; E. J. Murphy Jr., O. C. J c- Henrv
Miller. O. C. J. C. «enry
Light. 135 pounds— George A. Hensley 'O
C; J. Bheehan, Cornell Institute; H M 'iml
holT. O. C: E.'McKevitt. O. C. J. C
Welter. 145 pounds — G.' W. Freeman, • O C'
J. C. : John Simpson, O. C : M. E. Dye. O ' C •
Herbert Duncan. O. C. ; Fred Peterson ' Re-
Pance' Athletic Club; F. Marlon Vecki Jr 'O
C. J. C; Charles Jenkins. O. C. ; A. A. PorkI
wlti. O. C: J; R. Hickey. O. C. J. C. h
Middle. 158 pounds — C. B. Reardon, O C •
Emil Tschumi.-O.-C.: G/ J. Angloff.- Reliance
Athletic Club; L. C. Haselbacher, unattached •
M. R. Yokel, . O. -C; E. Leichsenrlng, - C. I :
Emil Carlson. U. S. A.
Light hea^-y — George A. Williams, O C •
C. B. Reardon. O. C; M. R. Yokel. O. C- E
I^elchsenrlnr, C. I. ; Charles Jenkins. O C '•
E, Tschuml. O. C.
Refrree, W. H. Smith Jr. ' Judges. H. s
Russ, F. R. Rutz. aerk. M. A. Harris. An
nouncer, Frank Thompson. ;:•£¦-<-
AMATEUR WRESTLEKS WILL
CONTEST IX TOURXABIENT
•^""-MoWer. Frisk 2. Smith. Blanken
rWr. Eagan. Earned runp— Seattle 3. Two
base hlti^-McWer 2. Eagan. Do uWe playe l
l!i*nl:fenfch!p to lir a *l,r-ar. Kapan to Nordyke
• K»«*n to O^ey to Nortyk^ Casey to xS
dyke Laj** on ballr— OS Shields 3. oft Keefe
J. struck out— Hy Shield. 4. by C. Hall 1, by
Overall .!. Opi-on^nts at bat— Keefe 11 o
Hall 4. Overall lit, SHrJdg "I HltVlnif
EMcMa :.. eff K t *fe r,. off OvVra 1 (l n^£l
Off - 6hi rtdB 4. off Keefe 4. off Ovlrkn 1. Pa^
l.all— Oraham, Time of game— One hour 40
ojlnutes. I 'mpire— O<;->r.n<n.
I TotelF.34 4 5 24 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
t^au'e * 0 O40O1000— 5
Base hits O 1 5 1 2 1 1 O 0—11
Tucorna. t> o 3 0 0 0 0 1 0 4
B««* hlU 1 O3OOOO1 0—5
SUMMARY.
SEATTLE. May 24. — Seattle won to
fiay from Taeoma In a close finish.
Shields gave way to C. Hall in the
ninth and Keefe withdrew in favor of
Overall in the third. Frisk's errors
c ln left field gave the Tacomas three
runs. The score:
Seattle — . I Taeoma —
AC. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H P A
VnHal.cr 4 113 0 Doyle,rf 5 1 O 1 6
Mohlr.rb 4 12 3 1 Fhefcn 3b 4 12 11
I>!hty,ab 4 0 2 2 1 ,Nrdke,lb 4 118 0
Frtrk.ir 4 0 1 3 <, Kajran *s 3 0 1 I 5
Smith. rf 4 12 1 (I Lynch.'cf 4 0 0 3 1
• - Itehar.lb 4 0 17 2!casey,2b 3 0 0 3 S
Hail./ e«. 2 10 2 l|MeL*n,lf 4 0 12 1
Bknehp.c 1 0 0 C 2:r; r ahm. c 4 0 0 5 1
Fh>Ids,p 3 1 2 O 1 Keefe. p 1 1 O 0 0
C.Hall. p O 0 <» 0 0 Ovrall. p 2 O 0 0 2
Total, .» 7 U 27" 1 "° Kan - 1 _? _? _? _°
J->isk"fi Erron Are Costly.
(NATIONAL.) 1 (AMERICAN.)
W. L. Pet! "W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..21 10 .677<Boston m i\ 7 .750
Chicago 18 11 .C21IPhlladelphla.l8 11 .C21 ;
New York... 17 11 .607 Chicago ....18 13 ..W
St. Louis. ...16 13 .K12 Cleveland ...14 12 .53S
Pitttburs ...14 15 .482 New York... 14 13 .51!»
Boston 12 17 .414 St Louis 14 14 .500
Brooklyn ...11 18 .367 Detroit 11 1« .407
Philadelphia. 5 24 .172 Washington.. 4 22 .154
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON. May 24.— Boston bunched hlta and
took advantage of Chicago's mi!>playe to win
to-day" a game. The contest was one sided
throughout. Attendance 6000. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 6 7 0
Chicago 2 7 X
Batteries — Dlneen andt Farrell; Walsh and
McFarland.
NEW YORK. May 24.— St. Louis could do
nothing with Chesbro'B pitching to-day and lost
to New York. Burkett and Jones were the only
ones to connect jtafely with Chesbro's curves.
Only one of the visitors reached third base.
Attendance. 2j<X». Score:
. . R. ¦ H. -.E.
New York 3 t 8 2
St. Louis ......,0 3 ¦ .0
Batteries— Chesbro and McOulre; Pelty and
Bugflen.
WASHINGTON. May 24. — Cleveland fcatted
Orth out of the box to-day and won easily.
Attendance. 2500. Score:
" | R. H. E.
'Washington 0 7 2
Cleveland 10 It 3
Batteries— Dunkle. Orth and Drill; Rhodes
and Bemis.
PHILADELPHIA. May 24.— Bender had two
bad innines to-day and Detroit's bunched hits
were made valuable by the locals' errors. At
tendance. 3200. Score:
Detroit % 6 8 2
Philadelphia .:.. 4 6 4
Batt'-ries— KHllan and Wood; Bender ami
Schreck.
.- .. NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBUno, May 24. — Seven hits and four
eiTurs In the first two innings completely
ewamned Boston and, although Wilhelm did
Kood work, the game was hopelessly gone, as
Boiton could do nothing with Miller's pitching.
Attendance, 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Plttsburg 7 11 '; 1
Boston 0 4 6
Batteries — Miller and Phelps; Wilhelm and
Moran. Umpire — O'Day.
Only One Member of the Team
Reaches Third Baser-Orth Bat
ted Out of Box.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
J. Beatty favored the gathering with
several vocal selections and each song
was loudly encored. Reuben C. Haas
was unanimously elected a member of
the club. The following were present:
C. G. Young. _W. E. Brooks. Y. C.
Lawson, T. W. Brotherton, A. L.
Coombs, G. C. Edwards. J. Homer
Fritch, James Prendergast, L. C. Het
ter. Dr. C. W. Hibbard, C. H. Kewell,
Dr. F. J. Lowe, W. D. Mansfield, F. H
Reed. J. Beatty, W. W. Richards, F
J. Butler, H. B. Sperry, A. Muller. J.
S. Turner, Alexander Vogelsang
James M. Watt, T. C.Kierulff. /
Speeches were made by J. Homer
Fritch, W. W. Richards. "Doc" Watt
and Y. C. Lawson, president of the
Scottish Bowling Club. Alexander
Vogelsang presented to Walter D.
Mansneld, retiring president of the
club, a beautiful silver and glass stein
and platter in behalf of the members.
Mr. Mansneld responded with a touch
ing speech and his words were greeted
with cheers by those in attendance.
He took occasion during his remarks
to say that the kindly attitude of The
Call toward the club had done much
to promote its prosperity.
The members of the San Francisco
Flycasting Club gathered around the
banquet table at the California Hotel
last night and enjoyed one of the
pleasantest functions in the history
of that Interesting organization. It
was strictly a merry-making affair and
all business affairs were cast to the
winds. *
3Icmbers of the San Francisco Club
Gather Around Festive Board and
Enjoy Pleasant Banquet.
FLYCASTERS MAKE MERRY
WITH SPEECH AND SONG
ST. LOUIS BATSMEX FAIL
TO FIXD CHESBRO'S CURVES
LOS ANGELES. May 24.— The
Los Angeles team returned to the
home grounds and dropped the first
game to Oakland by the score of 2
to 1. Both Gray and Buchanan pitch
ed in fine form, but the visitors were
more successful in hitting and this,
with timely errors by the locals, gave
them enough runs to win. The game
Has fast and snappy. Score:
• I»s Ar.gries— ; Oakland—
A. R, H. P.A. I A. R. H. P.A.
Forcan.s. 4 0 0 2 .'» Ctalr.rt 4 0 1 B 0
Flboi.Zb. 4 0 12 4 4 rancks.s 4 0 0 11
frrr.ith.3b. 4 0 10 4 Krurr.or. 3 0 0 2 0
Urnard.cf 3 0 0 I «i pohfly 2b 4 1 1 •» 4
«"ravth.rf 4 0 0 O 0 J.Strb.lb 4 0 0 10 0
Roes. If. . 2 10 2 U UtvncSb 4 1 0 O 3
«"hast-,lb. :: 0 1 14 0 ftyrne.c. 4 0 16 0
epies.c... 3 0 0 6 1 T.Strb.lf 4 0 2 3 «>
tray. p.. 3 0 0 0 1 JJchnan.p 2 0 10 2
Totals ."0 1 3 27 1S| Totals 34 2 "c 27 10
RUNS ANp HITS BY INNINGS,
t-o* Anpeles 0 0 0 O 0 0 1 0 0—1
Base hits 1 0 1 0 0 O 1 0 0—3
Oakland O 1 O 0 0-1 0 O 0 2
Base hits 0 2 0 0 2 1 10 0 tt
SUMMARY.
Errorr— Toman. Rosy, Francks Stolen b&sf—
Rose. Two- base hits — Smith, Flood. First
bas«- on error* — Los Angles 1. Oakland 1. Left
sn t&sf^ — Los Angeles 4. Oakland 5. Bases on
Balls — Off Gray 1. off Buchanan 2. Struck ou
By Buchanan 4. by Gray «. Double play T.
Etri-Jb to Hchlafly to J. .«treib. Time of game
—One hour and r,0 minutes. Umpire — McDon
lld.
Oakland Beats the Angels.
Stolen bases— Reitz 2. Massey. Errors —
Uildebrand. Iburp. Waldron. Reltl. Two
base hit — McCreedie. Sacrifice hit — Francis.
f;m base on errors — Pan Francisco 1, Portland
I. First base on called balls — Off Jones 2. off
Iturc 1. I>ft en bsse? — San Francisco 6,
Tortland 10. Struck out — By Jones 3. by Iburp
8. Double play — Shea to Beck to Shea. Time
at came, 1 :45. Umpire — Christie.
SUMMARY
McCreedie started the doings with a
two-base bingler over Hildebrand's
head. Xadeau was right there with a
drive to left, and Beck came back with
one of the scratchy order which was
pood enough to chase McCreedie home.
Francis had another in his bat and it
produced one more tally. Murphy's
scratchy one filled- up the bags, and
.Fteelman's hot smash, which Irwin
"could not get his mitts on, brought
J3eck in with the third for the inning.
After that no runs showed till the
ninth, when Portland eased one more
over, aided by McCreedie's hit, Na
dead's out and Beck's drive. Iburg
pitched grand ball in every inning and
San Francisco never had a chance to
pain runp. Walter Christie, the popular
University of California trainer, um
pired the game, and his decisions were
just and fair. The score,:
Portland — 1 San FrancUco—
AB.R. H. P.A. | AB.R. H. P.A.
prr.an.cf 5 O 0 S O<tlldbd.lf 4 0 0 3 0
fccCde.rf 4 2 3 10 Waldn.cf 4 0 0 2 0
tCa<lau.lf 5 112 0 Meacy.rf 4 0 0 2 O
lieck. 2b 4 1 2 1 I Irwln, Sb 4 0 1 1 1
t'rncJe.m 4 0 13:; Maspv.lb 4 0 1 11 0
llrphy.lb 4 0 2 9 0 AndFH,ss 4 0 0 12
ttlmn.Sb 4 0 1 «> 2 Fteitz, 2b 2 0 1 3 1
c. 4 0 1 8 0 ilorton.c 3 0 14 1
.(burs. p. 4 0 1 0 Z Jones, p. 3 0 1 0 8
•Totals. 33 4 12 27 13 Totals. 32 0 5 27 8
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 3 O 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 — 4
Base hits « 0 0 0 1 0 1 2 2—12
fan Francisco ..OOOOOOOO 0 — O
Base hits 0 0 1 2 2 0 0 0 0— 5
All the damage was done in the ini
tial round. It was then Mr. Leftpaw
Jones was assailed to the extent of
three tallies and twice as many base
hits. Every man on the team came up
to the bat, and all , but three of them
swung on the leather. Most of the hits
were little dinky affairs, which just
managed to flop ungracefully away
from the inflelders' mitts and winder
to the outfield.
; * "Ham" Iburg refused to bestow any
easy or brotherly curves on his former
running mates when they lined up
against him yesterday afternoon on the
Oakland field. He was mean and stingy
to the extent of sending: them away
runless. The only concessions he al
low.ed were five hits. Score, Portland
4. San 'Francisco 0.
STA?.-DING OF THE CLUBS.
(PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.)
W. U Pot. i W. L. Pet.
Omklar.fi 32 22 .533 Lc» An*ele«.3O 28 .538
Tacoina 31 23 .874 San Fran... 22 31 .415
Seattle >"J 2j .t 5b Portland ....15 34 .306
Portland Batsmen Give Bert
Jones a Lively Exception
When He Takes the Slab
THKEE TALLIES FIEST
/'Hani" Pitches Grand Game
of Ball. Letting Natives
Down With Five Safe Hits
IBURG BLANKS
HIS OLD PALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,' MAY 25, 1904.
Sam Berger and William. Rodenbach Wiil Decide Amateur
• Heavyweight Championship, While Coast Titles Are
Also involved Among the Lesser Lights of the Arena
NOTED AMATEUR BOXERS
TO MEET IN THE RING
10
A P'VFr'R.TTgTHVrFi'WTB
H fv'iW' A MILlLION AMERICAN BOXTNOINO
H BABIES are kept crowing- -witli the do-
ll .. light of living because their mamas have
P S~&&*iW£ffiK learned to USQ CASOARETS Candy Ca-
1 X thartic - Neighborly neighbors tell
1 /> V «ach other of CASCARETS and the
ft // /¦ toi kind words said have created a sale of
M J// ' Efca ov ? r A MILLION BOXES A MONTH,
i HI , mm 1 * is . oas y *> Protect infanta against
a III ilwL children's complaints, because all
8 vAij '*""* V V^^SiSs these P er ils k&ve their beginning in
a W , S* &r*-^MWIL ? toma ch and bowels, and we havo
B k^T^^ \ff^TBl?^ CASCARETS a perfect medicine I
HJL&T that .T lu always keep the delicate I
H^>\ SS^LjjlP^&WS&EJ/ mac hmery in a child's body clean, II
|5 \\ vlra853Eg^siii»^y re »^lar and in working order. Chil- 1
Q jST like the little candy tablet and I
I V ™Z kept safe from all stomach, bowel, K
II \ *^jL&3r ?!? od and skin diseases. All drug jrists H
B 1Oc> 25c ' 6Oc - ne VER SOLD IN BULK* I
4 *^^^*5c5&eJg|aefS8^ The geuvdne tablet stamped g
U Jg£i%j|jg|||^' r^K O CC. Sample and booklet free. |
8 "They make me STERLING REMEDY CO
J feel x O goodf Chicago or New York
I ANNUAL SALE-TEN MILLION BOXES I
MMi _ [[ __^_gpeatest in the World m JThe schooner Alor.a cleared ror Honolulu
yetterday with an assorted cargo valued at
$17.4-11 and including the following: 779 ctls
barley. 4315 lb» bean*. I0.0C0 Ibn sucar, 430
Iba raisin*. C5.324 lbs bran, 2100 lb» middlings.
Two Cargoes for Hawaii.
Some coins are so worn that you
can't make head or tail of them.
The British bark Piteairn leland. which
made port on Monday, was chartered prior
to arrival '.for merchandise to Melbourne or
Adelaide: lump num.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
who warn killed, was a. braver brave
than either Comes Last or Kills
Ahead and was more respected by the
squaws, so the company agreed to
allow us greater damages in that
case."
"The railroad company contended
the terms of the settlement could not
be the same as in cases of white per
sons." said Godman, "so we considered
each c.iRe separately. Philip Irontail,
CHICAGO. May 24. — Charge-the
Enemy, Pawnee Killer and White
Eyes, representing the Fioux Indians
injured in a wreck- near Melrose Park
on April 7, have conferred with United
States District Attorney E. G. God
man regarding the settlement of their
claims against the railroad company.
An agreement probably will be
reached soon.
!Kirtio:i lo Their
Rravery.
Victim* 10 Receive Damages in Pro-
ri.Y PAT FOn INDIANS
HURT IN A WRECK
It is alleged that Davidson would
appear at a Presbyterian or Baptist
t hurch. attend services regularly for
a tim*> and then develop a consump
tive *ough. Soon he would appeal to
members of the congregation for aid
in seeking another climate and gen
crully met with generous aid. Upon
being arrested recently in Brooklyn
he established h complete alibi, but
agents of the society immediately set
to work on other clews and have now
laus^d his arrest a second time.
NEW YORK. May 24. — With the
sirrest of Wiliam Davidson, alias Fred
Hall, alias Fred Halford. alias Fred
Hill, agents of the charity organiza
tions claim to have run to earth one
of the elererpst church swindlers in
t>ie country. Officers of the society as
sert that reports in their hands charge
;i man answering his description with
having collected nearly $50,000 during
the last fourteen years from church
members iri various cities. He has
even been traced tq^Australia.
William Davidson, a .Man of Many
Aliases, Is Kun Down In the
City of Brooklyn.
XOTOKIOUS CHURCH
SWINDLER ARRESTED
CHICAGO. Hay 24. — Five hundred
machinists struck to-day when the
<ioss Printing Press Company and the
jCharJes F. Elms Engineering Com
pany refused to sign the agreement
prepared by the International Asso
ciation of Machinists. The agree
ment presented asks 32 to 40 cents
l*r hour and Saturday holiday in the
summer monthr>.
Press Machinist.* Strike.
The steamship Robert Dollar, bound from
this port frr Seattle, put Into As tori*, yeirterday
short of raal.
Until 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon the steam
nchooner Pomo. from Albion, was the only ar
rival at thin port for the day.
Th» eteamfhip Curacao left Mazatl^n May 22
for thl« port.
The British bark Piteairn Island, which ar
rived Monday after a lonjf trip from Ca'eta
Duena. will dork probably to-day. About $2000
wa* invented on the vessel's chances by local re
lnj>ur*nce speculators who played her <# to ar
rive."
The German trading schooner Aeclus cleared
ye*tcnJay fcr Jaluit*
The bark L. n . Allen. Captain Johnson,
palled ycFUrday for Port Clarence with supplies
for the fur tradin? station there.
The Italian cruder Lisurta arrived yester
day at Honolulu.
Tb# blasted derelict of the thre^-masled
fchoon^r Fannie A<j»!e. which wan blown up
Monday forenoon and which erulfed about the
harbor ell rtay. h'azlr.e and leaving a wake of
burning oil to mark her progress, was *t!ll
burning late yesterday afternoon. She drifted
late en Monday beyond Hunters Point and wss
a mile or so this eid« of Hunters Point coming
bark when h»-r anchor* caught and held her.
The waters of th» harbor were utrewn with
the remain* of th» Fannle"« car»co and the hull,
burned saucer-xhaivd. is «till afloat.
?
Wntor Front Notes.
runny Adele Burns I/ons Tlmo.
The swift current of the San Joaquin
has caused shc-als in the vicinity of
Central Landing, where deep water
would be of more service. By diverting
the current's course tne water power
that made the shoal can be used to
dredge away the accumulation. The
hull of the Bounding Biliow is to be
used as a wing dam for this purpose.
She will be filled with rocks and sunk
in a snot selected by the engineers in
charge of the work of changing the
direction of the current. That will be
the last of the whaler Bounding Bil
low, more recently known as the coal
barge Carbon.
The barge Carbon ont-c rejoiced in
the name Bounding Billow and fifty
years aso was as tight and trim a
little whaling bark as ever sailed on
a blubber hunt. She was built in 1S54
at Chelsea, Mass.. and tor many years
sailed northern and southern waters in
search c-f whales. She was small,
measuring only 228 tons, and is best
remembered for the whales she did not
get. The Bounding Billow's ill luck
was a byword among whalemen.
She was owned by 'Wright. Bowne &
Co., of this city, who sold her, years
ago, to the Piper-Aden-Goodall Com
pany, by whom she was converted into
a coal barge. Her name was changed
to Carbon. She finished her floating
career carrying black diamonds about
the harbor.
The coal barge Carbon was towed
up the San Juaquin River yesterday
to Centra! Landing on Bouldin Island,
there to be filled with rock, scuttled
and sunk and finish,, as wing: dam.
half a century of varied service. The
taking away of the Carbon cuts one
mere link with a past day when wood
en ships were built to last and were
known among men by names that sug
gested something of the romantic side
of sea life.
"I do not believe the men are well
organized along the line." he said, "and
what is more, they are not so disaf
fected generally as they are here. In
New York they will go out for nothing,
but elsewhere it needs a real grievance
to raak? them quit work. This they
have not got. We now have all the
freight handlers that we need and are
engaplng no more. We are short of
firemen, but apparently J there are
plenty to be had."
Curran was atked if he would call
out the teamsters, "but he declined to
rftake a direct answer, saying:
"No teamster will handle the com
pany's freight :ifter they understand
the situation. We are all union men."
Superintendent ShepanI of the rail
road said that he had no fear that the
trouble would affect the New Haven
Fystem in general.
NEW YORK. May 21.— The strike
which began several days ago with the
refusal of rei^ht handlers employed by
ih« Fail River line to continue work
unless a -non-union foreman to whom
they objected were discharged, and
which has resulted in a serious tie-up
of freight trufiic between New York
.tnd many New England points, as-
Mimed a serious phase to-day, when
:h« .\>w York. New Haven and Ilart
icr'l Railroad Company's transfer sys
tem across the East Ri\W between
Matt Haven and the Xew Jersey snore
M-fta effectively tied up by a strike of
Orciueu on the transfer boats.
Tb» firemen, who are members of ihe
Atlantic Coast Marine Firemen's
I'niof, demand an increase 'in wajres,
Khoner hours and better food. As a re
sult of this tfe-ap hundreds of fire
men, engineers and brakemen employed
on fr*»ij:ht trains in the Mott Haven
yar«ls v ere forced into idleness and
•iW of them were laid off.
Hundred? of cars, many laden with
)>eri£hal>k- s^ods. bound for points
:*outh of New York, stood all day in the
Mott Haven yards and it was believed
that serious luss would result.
President Curran said to-day: "The
tipht between the men and "the rail
road company is now a lipht to the
tl<^th. We offered the management
••very concession, but it se. ms that the
«o:npa::y desires to lipht it out. They
would not listen to our proposition and
thvy seom to have agreed not to take
us into consideration at all. We were
•willing to settle the strike, because we
Thought that the public would be the
sufferers."
Hundreds of Cars. Many Lad
en With Perishable Goods.
Cannot Beach Destination
LOSS WILL BE GREAT
? —
New Haven Railroad's Trans
fer Boats Across East I\iv
er Are Effectively Tied Up
FIREMEN JOIN
THE STRIKERS
Hull of the Bounding Billow, Later Known as the Coal Barge
Carbon, Is to Be Filled With Stones and Sunk Off Bouldin
, Island for Purpose of Diverting Waters of the San Joaquin
ANCIENT WHALING BARK ENDS
VARIED CAREER AS WING DAM
United States Coast and Geodetic Sun-»v -
Tim- and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority^ the
Superintendent. y OI xne
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlsslon-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the heijtht
of tide la the same at both places. n « l B nl -
WEDNESDAT\~MAy~25^
Sun rises " 77.,
Sun- sets 1;%}
*^_ n _ **t* • ".'.'.::: '.im w. m .
0 Time Timel Thn^ t!^
%¦ — — — Ft. I Ft. -— — Kt ¦ vt
.» LW f H W| L W H W
25,12:121 1.01 8:401 4.B! 2:001 l.cf fi-35 kr
20 1 3:04| 0.3| 0:47[ 2:48J_2.l| 9J20 6.g
NOTE— In the above exposition^ of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the auccssslve tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time- the
fourth time column gives th* last tide of the.
day. except.when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are' In
addition lo the noundlngs of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when 'a minus (— )
elgn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the chart*. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographle ' Office. U. 8. N., Iler
• chants' Exchange, San Francisco,' Cal
May 24. 1004. .
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
I. e..- at noon of the 120th meridian or at S
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant. I? fyti., in charge
Body Found inf a lUver.
SANTA ROSA, May 24.—The body of
"C. A: Henderson, who was drowned
in the Russian River, near Forestville,
Sunday afternoon, was recovered - to
day. Henderson went bathing with
two companions, Evans and Faudre.
He was caught in a current, and being
unable to swim sank before hia friends
could reach him. His home was in
Oakland.
Steamer. For. Sall«.
Alkl SVagway & Way Ports. May 25
Nome City... Nome May «
City Seattle. . Skagway * Way Ports. May 2<1
Cottage City.. Skagway Si Way Ports. May 28
Senator. ....'. Nome June 1
Oregon Nome June 1
Escelslor Valdez & Way PortB.. June 1
Tacoma Nome & Teller June 1
Olympla....'. . Nome, & St. Michael... June 2
Gar<-nnt' Nome & Oolovln Bay.. June 2
ttcanck* ' Nome & St. Michael. ,.| June 4
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
| Stearaer. j Destination. Soils.| Pier.
! Ma£ 25. (
Elizabeth.. Coqullle Kiver 5 pm; Pier 20
Montara Seattle & Tacoma. 2 pmlPltr 0
Corona Humbildt l:30pjPler 9
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
; Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
; Kermonthls Hamburg & Way.. 12 miPier 1»
I Senator. Pugct Sound Ports. 11 amjPier 0
: May 36. (
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amlPler 11
Porno Pt. Arena A Albion « pmfPler 2
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor | 6 pmlPler —
Sonoma Sydney Ac Way Pts.j 2 pmjPier 7
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports.|12 m|Pler 'i
: . May 27.
iSariFfdro.. Humb<>ldt * pm|Pier 2
! Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pmiPier 10
! Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pra!Pler 2
Coos Bay San Fedro & Way. 0 amlPler 11
Nor^h Fork. Humboldt 6 pmiPier 20
Columbia... Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 28.
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Aurclla.....' Axtorln * Portland 12 m Pier 2
Eureka....-! Humboldt 8 am Plfr K!
Newburg... I Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Pt. Arena., i Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
San Juan. ."i N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
\evadan. r<-KIlono. A Kahului. 3 pm Pier ~'-i
May 29.
Mariposa... Tahiti direct Ill amiPier 7
g Rosa San D'ego k Way.j 9 am|Pler 11
Slay 30. | |
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd]12 m Pier 13
CityPuebla Puget Sound Ports.lll ampler 9
I May 31.
Bonlta ' Newport & Way... 0 am Pier It
Jeanie Eeattl* & Tacoma. 5 pmiPier 20
Jaao 1. 1
G W Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am] Pit r 24
Doric China & Japan... .( 1 pmlPlcr 40
Jane 2. " I |
g t p a ul Nome & St. Michaell 2 pm|Pler 20
June 3. | |
Eeran.'s- Hamburg & Way. 12 m Pier 19
June 4.
Alameda... Honolulu ......... 11 am Pier 7
Umatilla... I'uget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
City Sydney N\ Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
• ARRIVED.
/Tuesday. May 24.
Stmr Porno, Jacobs, 12/hours from Point
Arena via Albion 10 hour*.
Slmf F. A. Kllburn, Jahnscn. 7 hours from
Port Hodjrers.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. May 24.
Stmr Montara, ReiUy, Seattle; P.C S 8 Co.
Stmr Corona. Cousins, Eureka; P C S S Co.
Ger schr Aeolus, Lemmln, Jaluit; Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
Bark Edward May, Hanaen, Honolulu; Al
exander & Baldwin.
Schr Alcha. Butenshen. Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond &. Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday. May 24.
Br stnir Wellington, McKellar, Ladysmlth.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr F. A. Kllburn, Jahnsen, Port Rodgera.
Stmr Czarina, Johnson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Brooklyn, Johannsen, Mendoclno.
Stmr National City, Hatnmar, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Crus.
Bark Edward May, Hansen, Honolulu and
Makawell.
Bark 8. C. Allen, Johnson, Port Clarence.
Bktn Archer. Lancaster. Honolulu.
Schr Orient, Saunders, Port Angeles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 24, 10 p. m. — Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity 20 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
May 4— In lat 8 N, long 26 W, Br Hhip Pol
talloch, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
May 5— In lat 3 N, long 30 W, Br ship Eu
rasia, hence Fcb 0 for Queenetown.
May 11— In lat 38 N. long 36 W. Br ahlp
Hutton Hall, hence Jan 13, for Liverpool.
May 2— In lat 3 N, long 29 W, Fr bark Col
de Vlllebois Mareull, from Tacoma, for Queens
town.
x DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 23— Stmr Jeanie., for
San Francisco, and not stmr Centennial, as
rei>ortpd. .
Arrtved May 23 — Stmr Edith hence May 19
Arrived May 24 — Stmr City of Seattle, from
Skagway; Ger stmr Serapls, hence May 20. I
ASTORIA— Arrived May 23— Schr W. F
Wltzeman, hence May 11. - Mtatt
Sailed May 23— Stmr Columbia, for San
Francisco.
Arrived May 23 — Stmr Robert Dollar, brace
May 19, for Seattle (short of coal).
I i Shipping Intelligence.
Notice to Mariners.
ai>:atraz fog bell— California.
(List of Lights and Fog Signals, Pacific
Coast. \M)ii, page ltJ. No. JM, and the List of
Lights Buoyc and Daymarks, Pacific Coast,
1004. page 22.)
Notice is h»rcby elv«n that pending repairs
to the machinery the tog bell on the. northwest
extremity of Alcatrat Island. San Francisco
Bay Cal.. will be struck by hand during thick
or 'foggy weather until further notice. The
bell mi the *outh»a!>t extren.lty of the island
will sound an usual.
By order of the Lighthouse. Board.
W. P. DAY, Commander. U. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
1020 lbs 5 cs meals. 122 ctls oats«, ll»4 ctls
corn. :i ctls wheat, 172 bales hay, 20 pkgs
beef. «70o lbs lard, 14 pkgs jjrocer.ts and pro
visions, 2S0 c» 20 kits salmon, o."> i« mineral
watei^ 2i cs whisky. 2070 gala wine. Io5 cb
asserted canned toods, CSOO lbs bread, 150 cs
bottled beer, Cl'^7 lbs 12 cs tobacco. 19 pkgs
dry gooUs, 2 cs hats, 7 pkgs drugs and sun
dries, JiUXi cs coal oil. 'JG.OOO bricks. 500 bb.s
lime.
¦ The bark Edward May sailed yesterday for
Honolulu and Makawell with a general mer
chandise cargo valued at $12.4.50. The lead
ing Fhinmcntu were as follows: j SS bbls Hour.
4095 lbs beany, ZTCl ctlB barley. 85 rtls corn.
85«t» lbs middlings. 51 ctls wheat. 57.H34 lbs
bran, 20 cs 10 bbls salmon. H cs meals. :IS9S
lb* sugar. 44 cs cann»d goods. 54'J lbs codfish,
1S14 lbs bread, 50 cts potatoes. 50 cts onions.
500 lbs butter, 2 bbl» 15 cs liquors, 17 cs dry
goods, K4 bxs soap. 0 cs manufactured tobacco,
2200 lbs srda. 12 bars steel. 4 bdls 4 bars Iron.
20u Mis millwork, .1 bdls brooms. S bales
twine. 2o pkgs paper. 770 gals distillate. 21
cs boots and **ioes. 45 sks coal. 1500 ga!s
gasoline, 450 pkes powder.
?
MviKH'tg for 3Im*shaII Islands.
The German schooner Aeolus was cleared
yeettrday for Jaluit, Marshall Ieland*. with
cari?o valued at $G2CS, and inciurtlng li'S bbls
flour. 515 eg afHorted canned goorts, 100 en
canned 10 half bb!s pickled ralmon. 17 pkgs
grc-eries and prnvfsiors. 20 half fobis beef, 14
cr'F |K)tato«s and onions, :;.'{il lbs beans, 5'2, 150
ft lumber. ll.WXt pals distillate, 550 gals gaso
line. S bales twine. 2 bblR oil. 1 cs diu«s, I
pkg machinery and 1 pkg electrical supplies.
BRITISH BARK PITCAIRN ISLAND
WHICH WAS THREE MONTHS
COMING FROM CAL.ETA UL'ENA.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Pts.|May 23
Aurella Portland & Astor'a May 25
Argo Eel River Ports May 25
S.Monica Grays Harbor May 2ft
Eureka Humboldt |May 26
Wyefield Nwialmo |M»y 20
Pomona Humboldt ....« ...May 26
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena.|May 20
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports May 26
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound PorU.... May. 2«
City Sydney.. New York via Acapulco May 26
Centralla San Pedro [May 2T
Ean Pedro San Pedro ..." |May 27
Siberia j China & Japan 'May 27
Jeanie...^.,^. Seattle & Tacom*. . . ..(May 27
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. May 28
Xtwlurg San Pedro May, '.8
Curacao | Mexican Ports May ! 2H
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. May 28
Corona Humboldt May 29
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria May !*?
City Peking.. | New York via Panama. May 29
State of Cal.. i San Diego & Way Pts. May SO
Alameda ' Honolulu May 31
Umatilla I Puget Sound Ports JMay 31
Porno J Point Arena & Albion.. |May 31
Newport New York via Panama. June 1
Cocul'ny ' San Pedro & Way Pts. June I
];-tinui Sf-attle & Belllngham. June 2
North Fork.. Humboldt June 2
Centennial .. Seattle & Tacoma .June 3
Allt.inr.i-.. . Portland & Way Ports.jJune 3
Columbia Portland & Astoria. ..,. June 3
Queen Pugc. Sound Ports Juns 5
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mu>* 24— stmr Kmt,
K B ™ en: m$^
lan^* T fr^ R .x7w Ar v^ k d May 2i ~ Stm < K "—
ha^ X^m^o r ; 1Ve Y 1 ork May 2^™ Mln -
OCEAN STEAMRRS.
PUNTAS ARENAS— Arrived Mav -_
S*" 1 " ? t '? r Ramse8 > from Hamburg. ft ; r gan
foH«n%^o"T In P ° rt Ma> ' 7 ~ Br SWP Albyn '
In nort Apr 2S— Fr ship David d 1 Angers, .for
nan Francisco.
TIRISBANE-Sailed May lS-Br stmr Man
uka, for Vancouver.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior May 24— Br stmr
Aor«n*i. frpm Vancouver
SHIELDS-!n port Apr 30-Fr bark Join-
Vllle, fur Sen Franrtgco.
DOVER— Passed May 24-Br ship r ifton- h
ford. from Falmo-.ith. ' "" lon
YOKpHAMA-SaHrd May 20— Rr stmr Em.
prrrn of Jarmn, for Vancouver B C
NEWCASTLE.. At\S.-In n^rtApr 23— Br
bark Arrtcnn. from Sydney, to load for Aca
pulro.
Sailed Apr 8— Br bark Lydgate. for San
r rftnc'*co.
VICTORIA—Arrlved May 24~P. r stmr Athe
nian, f-om Yokohama; Br Ftmr Hy*on. from
Liverpool and way port*; Br stmr Danube
fr^m Sklde^ate.
Pu^rac^/po^^s^v^nc 1 ;^ 10 ' from
%££$}£££$& M8y 22 ~ S <™ Curacao.
EASTERN PORTS
NEW YORK-Saihd May 24— Stmr Alli
anca. for Colon.
FORF.IGN PORTS.
HONOLITLU-Arrlved May 2.1-ShIp Emily
F. Whitney from Newcastle. Aus
Sailed May 2-1— Bark Gwrfce Curtis, for San
tranci*po: bark W. B. Flint, for Makaweli
Arrived May 24— Schr Bertie Minor from
Eureka: ochr W. H. Marntcn hrnce May 0-
Ital war rtmr LlRuriii. hence May ir»
H I LO— Arrived May 22— Stmr Enterprise,
hence May 13, to sail June 1 for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed May 24— Stmr Robert Dollar, for Se
attle.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 24— Schr Advent,
for San Francisco; schr Wawona, for San
Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed out May 24— Brls W. G.
Irwln. from Roche Harbor, for San Francisco;
stmr Jeanl«\ for San Francisco.
Passed out May 24 — Stmr Mineola, for San
Francisco.
BANDOX— Sailed May 24— Schr Western
Home, for Pan Francisco.
SANTA IJAHBARA— Sailed May 23— Stmr
Santa Cruz, from San Pedro, for San Fran
cisco.
riEDOXDO — Arrived May 24— Stmr Pren
tles, from Snn Pfdro.
Sailed May 24— Stmr George Loom in, for San
Frnnelsco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed May 24, 11 a m—
Stmr Charles Xels^n, for San Pedro.
Palled May 24— Stmr Fanta Cruz, for San
Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed May 24— Stmr
San Pedro, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 24— Schr Se
home, for Rcdondo. *
Arrived May 24 — Schr Jennie Wand, hence
May 12.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed May 23— Schr Caro
line, for I'mnqua River; gttnr Premiss for
San Frenclsco.
Arrived May 24— Stmr Newhurp, from Grays
Harbor; stmr WhUe*boro. from I'ort Los An
geles; gtmr San Pedro, from Port Los Angeles,
Sailed May 24— Schr Sadie, for Umpqua:
j-tmrn Sarnfca and Whitesboro. for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 24— Stmr Empire,
hence May 19.
ISLAND PORTS.
PORTLAND. Or., May 24.— Judge
Alfred F. Sears in the State Circuit
Court to-day rendered a decision re
storing to P. A. Marquam a block of
property in this* city valued at
$1,000,000. Marquam was the original
owner of the property, but became
financially embarrassed and the prop
erty was sold at a delinquent tax. sale
to the Title Guarantee and Trust Com
pany. It afterward appeared that the
title company had been acting as the
agent of Marquam, but through a sec
ond party had purchased ¦ the Mar
quam property in its own right. This
action Judge Sears holds to be illegal
and the property js thus restored to
Marquam, the original owner.
The decision of Judge Sears exoner
ates the title company of willful
wrongdoing in the transaction.
OlUGIXAiy OWNER WINS
y -St'lT, FOR RICH REALTY
Oregon Judge Decides the Mar
quam Case, That Involves a
Million Dollars.
UKIAH, May 24.— Charles Penio, the
oldest chief of the Ukiah tribe, died at
the Cox rancheria yesterday and the
Indians are having a. death feast. Penio
was 107 years old and ruled the Ukiahs
long before the white settlers 1 arrived.
Penio had been judge and Jury for
the tribt, but was deposed about twen
ty-five years ago for killing Sam War
den. "Warden and another Indian had
quarreled over a game of cards. Penio
was sent for and had Warden tied to a
tree to be shot. The victim dodged the
first bullet, which so infuriated the
chief that he seized an ax and chopped
off Warden's head. Penio was held in
jail for several months, but none of the
Indians could be induced to testify
against him.
Penio had always resented the en
croachment of the- whites and was con
sidered dangerous. He was buried in
Indian style, with his pony and war
implements.
Years of a Dangerous Bed
ski n Said to Have Outnum
bered Those of a Century
FEAST IN MEND0CIN0
Noted Chief of the Ukiah
Tribe Has Passed Away
at an Advanced Age
INDIANS REVEL
AFTER A DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY ,25. 1904.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA NORTnWESTERN RY. CO.
S/.N fRAKCISGO /.NO NORTH PACIFIC
railway cosx^i.2rr.
Tibnron rerry. Toot of Market Street.
SAN rUAKCISCO TO SA1T SA7ASZ..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35, 2:30. 3 M0. 5:10. 5:50, 6:30 and ll:3o
p. m.
j Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7 :3O. 8:0o, 0:S0. 11 :«> a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
! SAN RAPAEL TO SAN FXA2TCZSCO.
I UEEK DAYS— 15:05, 6:50. 7:33. 7:50. 9:20.
j 11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00, 3:40. 5:00, 5:i(»,
I 6:25 p. m. flaturdays— Extra trip at 1:43
p- m.
SUNDAYS— 6:5O. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:OO, 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturday*. -
Leave I In Effect | Arrive
San Fran. J May 1, imn. | Ean *ran.
Week I Sun- | Destlna- | Sun- | Week -
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | DaysL
f 7:30 a; 7:45 a! 7:45 a
7:30 a| 8:00 a| 8:40aJ8:4Ua
! 8:u0a O:3oaj Ignacio. 10:20 ajl0:2O a
> 2:3Up(2:3Op 6:00 p, 6:20 p
I 6:10 pi 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 i>
! 7:25 p
1 8:45 p
7:30 ai 7:30 a] 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:0uaj3:0Oa Novato, lO:2Oalft:2Ou
2:30 p t»:3aa Petaluma 6:20 p 8:2rt p
5:10 p 2:3Op and I 7:25 p 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.i^.| 8:45 p ...
7:S0aj 7:30 aj ~ ! 10:20 a|10.20a
8:00 a| 8:0(»a Fulton. 7:23p «:20p
2:30pJ2:30p 8:43p|7:25p
I Windsor.
7:30 a| 7:30 a HeaMsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
j 1 Lytton.
2:3Op 2:30 p Geyaervllle, 7:25 p 7:25 p
I I Cloverdaie.
i 7:30 a! 7:3Oa| Hcpland 110:20 a 10:20 a
! 2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p 7:25 p
__ WU11U> j
I * :3Olt ' ;:30a l Sherwood. (7:25 p 7:2S p
j 8:00a! 8:O(i a Guernevtlle and 110:20 a|10:2O a.
' 2:80 p| 2:30 p Camp Vacation. | 8:45 pi 6:20 p
8:00a! S:ooa| 8:40a 8:40a
5:10p| 9:30a Sonoma. 6:0Op 6:20p
I 5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30 a| 7:3oTcj jlo":2o"a]io":20 a
2:30 p, 2.30 pi Sebastopol. | 7:25 pj 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs; at Fulton for Altruria aivl
Mark West Springs: at Lytton for Lytton
j Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boonevtlle ar.il
' Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan Spring*.
j Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
! Springs, Soda Bay, 1-akeport and Bartlett
I Springs; at Vklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
I Springs, Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
I Sprlnr«. Upper Lak?. Pomo. Potter Valley.
1 John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's.
! Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot
1 Springs. Halfway House, Comptehe. Camp
I Rtevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
I Westrort, Usal: «t Willits for Fort Bragg,
1 Westnnrt. Sherwood. Cahto., Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cummin*. B?ll's Springs. Harris. Ol-
• sens, I>yer. Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia
' and Kuivka.
; Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
I duced rates.
t On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C50 Market street. Chronicle
bvlldlnr.
j H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN."
• Gen. Manajjer. Gen. Pass.- Agt.
t ;
ROSS VALLEY, '
f^^^M MILL VALLEY,
l^^^^^g! CAZADERO, Etc.
**»-e*id3sV*SlS*"**S' via sansalito 7errr.
SUBURBAN SERVICK. 'STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6:30 7:10 7:45, 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausaltto'only), 12:20. 1:45, 3:15.
4:00. 4:35. 5:15. 5:50. 6:25, 7:15. 0:00, 10:20.
11:35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at 7:10 7:45.'S:30 0:15. 10:00. 11:00, U:40
a. m., i2:20, 1:00, i:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:35.
5:15. 5:50. 0:25, 7:15, 8:15. 9:00. 10:20, 11:35
p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, week days. 6:17,
7:00. 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:2O*. 11:06 a. m,
12:05 1:25. 2:50. 3:33, 4:20, 5:05. 5:40, 6:15.
6:R5, 7:55. 10:05. 11:23 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05.
8:50 p. fn.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m..
3:15 p. m., 3:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.) On Sundays
and legal holiaays, at 7:45, 8:30. 9:15 -<!>:0O.
11:00, 11:40 a. rn.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:15
end 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
9:15 a. m., Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc. «
3:15 p. m., dally except Sufilay — For Caza-
dero. etc. . ¦ -
5:15 p. m. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc.
8:15 p. im Sundays only— For Caxadero, etc.
TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market Bt.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Via, SaiuliU Ftrrj Arrive
San Fraudsco t**t «f »»rtft M. San Francisco
Week Sun- _.yg3l-_ feuV We«lt
Days, days.. i*§f?»»39^ daya. D*y».
..10:00a vBBXjBSp 2:08 r »11:05 a.
1000 a 11:00 a 3:35 r 3:35 r
1:45 r 12:20 r TOjgisSy 8:40 r 6:15 r
B:1B r 1:45 r >giW r 6:15 r tO-.OB r
....... 4:S5r t:80 '
•ViiCraTttyCar. Y TMtalpab U lill Tillty.
Xicjlkt (62a Mabkkt St. (North Shore Railroad)
OrrtcM land BACaAXtTO Fckry. Foot Market St
WEEHJ CALL
' - ¦ V
16 Pages. 61 pep Year
>^y H**Jv Trulne leave »nd »»• dn»
ffL^J2) SA > T FRANCISCO.
V^, f=\ JoJ Tmom Mat. 2t. 1904.
N^^^^f *y Tbmt Dsfot
X>^£j^- / (Toot of Market Street )
>'"» ~ MAIN LiN"E. -a!»T^
700a V»c»Tlllr. Winter*. Knm»ey 7 50>»
7 OCa Csnlcla, SuUan. Elmlrn ami 3acr»-
mcBtu > 7.20*
7-3CA Vullrjo. Kap*. CalUtOKo. Santa
i:om. Martinez. Saa Ramon S 20p
7.30* Mle«. Llfermore. 1>acy, Lathroo,
... Stockton 720p
B.OfA Sh««» KxpreM — (Via Paris).
WtlllAmi (for Bartlett Sprlne«>.
Wtllowt tFrato. Hed Bluff.
• Portland. Tnccma. Seattle 750»
8 OCa D»ti». Wooilisnrl. Knlshts Landlnc.
Marymrlll*.. Orovllie 7-50P
E 3Pa Port Coot*. Marttnex. Antioch."
BTroa. Tracy. Stockton. Neir-
man, Lo* R*no«, Mendota,
ArmnnA. Ilnnfopl. Vlialia.
Port^rvliie 4.20P
p.3f A Port 0<>«t!». Latbrop. Modesto,
pierced. Fremo, Gothen Junc-
tion, Ilanford. VT«»Ila. Daker*-
neia 4.50*
P3fA Nile*. Sun .low, Llrermore. Stock-
ton. ("-Milton). lone. Sacramento,
PUcernile. MaryiTllle. Chleo.
]:¦•.! niurr 4.20p
- 8-3TA Oakdile. Cblnetc.-Jainestoirn. 80-
nom. Tnolninne »o<l Anxsls 4.20P
9 OP a Atl*ntleKz{>re*»-OiC(ieBSBdEati. 11.20a
9 3Ca K!chmr>nd. Martinez and Way
Statlooi S.SOp
10. CP* Thr Overland Lfmtted — Ogden.
Ii'ntfr. Omaha. Chicago. «.. 6 20p
IO.COa Vatleje. 12.20P
10-OCA Lui Aoeelen Pasnenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Dyroa. Traer.
LaUtrop. Stooktoa. Merced. •;'\.'\>
Iliiymoail. Fremo. Uoabfn Jane-
tlon. llanford. Leinoore. Vlsalla.
Pakerftfielri. Lo» Anceln* 7-20**
12.00m Hay ward. Xtle* and Way Station*. 3.20P
ti-OCP Sm-rntnentn Rtrer Steamers tii.OOP
33CP Benlcla. Winter*. Saerameoto.
Woodland. Knight* Lnndlnfr.
>!ary*Tine, Orovllle and way
stations 10 §2 A
S-3CP H«y ward. Ntlct *o J Wa] Station*.. /50p
S-30p port Cost*. Martin*/. Byron.
Tnie/. Latbrnp. Modesto.
Merced. Berendia, Fresno and
- Way Putlons beyond Port Costa 12-20P
0-0OP Tonernlte Valley. Tla Berenda and
Wawona" 8. 50*
3-3CP Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10 20a
4-CCP Martlnez.Snn Uamon.VnlleJo,Napa,
C«1IiU>«a, Santa Uota 9 20*
4 OOP NJieii. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20P
4 3Cp itiiywira. Nile*. Irrington. San I f3 50a
J«hp. Llvermor« \ 11 1.50*
6 OCp The Owl Mmtted— N>«rm»n. Lo*
Uanos. .Mrnrtoia. Fre»no. Tulara.
llakerslleld. Loa Ansalcs 8-50a
i.OCp port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12.20P
t5 3CP Hay ward. Mies and San Jose 7 20*
60tP Ilsywurd. Nl!c» «nd Ssn Jose 9 3O*
6 OCp E*»:ern fc^xprrs*— Uu.ifln. Uenrer,
x Umaha. Kt. Lout*. Chicago and
Kmt. Port Co*ta. rtenlcU. 811I-
sun. Klmlra. Ua»4s. Bncramenta.
liocklln. Auburn, Colfsx,
Trurkre. Uocn, Keno. Wad*-
wortb, Wlnurmucca ..„ C 20P
8. OCp Vallejo, dally, "icept Sunday » -, ...
70Cp Vallejo, Sunday only f /MP
7.0C P hk-hmond. Han Pablo, Port Co* ta.
Marttnoz and Way Station* 11. 20*
7X0P Oresjon \ California Kxpren*— Sac-
ramento, MarysTlile. Rn.idtng.
Portland, I'u^oi Sound and East. 8.50a
8 0EplSrno Passencer — Truckce, La'ie
T»h.H! 7-50a
' 3.1 Cp Uayward. Nile* audSan Juse(Sun-
dayonly) IISQa
COAST LINE «Aarr»vf «.aun«).
¦ (foot ut Market Street )
7.45a SaataCnazKxciiniton(Sunda7only) 8-10*
•-1&A Newark. CentsrTlll^. 8an Jos*.
Feltoa. Itoakter Creek. Saata
Crni and Way Stations 5 55p
tZ-ICp Newark, Centerrllle, San Jose.
Sew Almadi-n. Los Gato*.7elton.
Boulder Cr^ek. Santa Crnt and
~*i ' Principal Way Button* tro%3*
4.1CP Newark. San Jose. Losllatoaaadt '3 5i*
way station* 1 $10 55a
4.15p WrUhf. Felton. Bonlder CrecK and
Santa Cruz. Saturday and Sunday
m only , »8S5a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rroni SAA f KAM'lM'O. iwtuf Market St. (S!l[»<i
—17:13 *:0O 11:00 a.». 100 3 00 5.13 e.m.
from OAKLAXD. Foot of Broadway — t»:O» tS:(W
1«:tt> 1u:COa.m. 1 200 £.00 400 r.».
COAST LINE (Hr«a4 •«¦«•).
rarrlhlrd and ToirnscnJ Streets.)
6.10a San Jose.and Way Statious S3Rp
»700a San Jose and Way Station* 5 40p
7.1 Sa Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10-30
8 00 a New Almaden (Tun.. FrM., omy>. 4.1UP
8 00a Tie Coaster — Slops only Sao Jose,
Gllroy (conucctlun for Ilolits-
ter>. Pajaro, Castrortllo (eon-
section to tad from Monterey
and Pacific drove). Sallua*. Saa
Ardo, Paao Robles. Bant* M«r- .
garlta. San Lais Oblspn, principal
stations thence Surf (eonnertlon
for Lompoc). principal stations
tbence Santa Barb«ra,San Buenar
Tentnra. Durbank. Lo* Anireles . 10 43*
9.00a San Joae. Tres Finos. Capitol*.
8»utaCrui,P»clflcOroTe.S»l!n»*.
San Luis Oblspo aad Principal
Way Station* 4-10p
J0-3Ca San Jose aad Way Station* 1.20*
11 JO A Santa Clara. San Jo«e, Los Gatos
and Way Station* f-SOm
UOp San Jose and Way Station* 8 38a
3 Obp Del Monte Kzpress— Santa Clara,
Ean Jose, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific GroTe (connect* at Saata
Clara, except Sunday, for Santa
Crni. Boulder creek and Narrow
Cause Point*) at Gllroy for Hoi-
litter. Tre* Pino*, at P*J*ro for
Sunta Crnz. at CaatrovtUe for
Salinas 12.15p
3-30p Trea Plnos Way Passenger 10 4»a
43Cp "aa Jose and Way Stations t3 00 a
tB OOP Santa Clara, Sag Jo»c. Lo* O* to*,
and principal \Y»y Suttoos (ex-
cept Bundsy) tS-OOA
I5.30P 8anJoseandl>rlaclpalWaySt*tlons 19.404
6 45p Bnnset Limited.— Uedwo*d. Saa
" Jo*e,Gllroy.Sallnas.rasoUobles,
San Luis Ublspo. Sanu n .rhara.
Lo* Angeles, bvmlos. KI Pasc%
Jfew Orleans. New Tork. Con-
oects at Pajaro for ftanta Crn>
and at Cadrovlll* for Pacific
GroTe and Way Stations 7-104
tS-15p Eaa Mateo.BeresfOTd.Uelmont.daa
Carlo*. Itedwood. Fair OaJu.
MenloPsrk. Palo Alto t«.49A
6 SOP San Joae and Way Stations. 838a
• 0Op Palo Alto and Way Button* 10.15*
11 .MP south SanFrandseo, Millbrae. Bur-
llnesmf. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oakt.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Atto 9.45 p
»11-3Cp May field. Mountain View, Sonny'
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
S»n Joso . f-45»>
A for Morn inc. P f or Afternoon.
T Sunday excepted. t Sunday onlT
a Saturday oaly. » Monday only.
I Stop* at all stations on Sunday.
l» "Only train* stopping at Valencia Sb soaUthoan4
are t : 10 a.*, 7:00 a. if , V. 13 A. ¦„ U:30 A. V, «:«r JL,
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
11 BLATZ method is generally commented fj
-& on as most remarkable and unique, for I
gpB^j? the reason that in most every par- |J
0 ticular it is original from a brewer's |J
[r&k point of view. ||
h >^» The very choicest of every com- I]
U 19 ponent part of the Blatz brews is r|
\a \$L the invariable rule. Only the best ||
f\ ' 0^M° tner Earth's crop is ever con- I
I '^^*k s » de f ed - ne result is a beer of II
1 tnonest Quality with a goodness all |j
i \ n^j^ its own. [ j
n \x^n Always the Same Good Old "Blatz? I
li^-^^^ BLATZ MALT- VI VINE -(Non-Intoxicant) I
*-i^r*r, -^ A HALT TOHIC fj
P^lj For Convalescents and Run-Down Systems. Vi
\ VAL. BLA1Z BREWING CO., Milwaukee I
SAM BIBO ®> CO., I
WHOLESALE DEAI.EBS, 212 B ATTEST STREET, fl
\ Saa Pranclseo. Tel. Main 5859. y
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
' CALIFORM1 V •
t IMITED TO rmr AGO
; LEAVES DAILY
at O:3O ». m., through la 3 days,
with, diner and - all trapping- ».
Other Santa Pe Trains 1
T :30 a.m. V tov Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8:00 p. m!j Merced, Hanford and VUalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton. J '¦»
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
. Chicago.
TICKET OPPICES— 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot, S. P. Al«o 111 a Broad-
way. Oakland. CaL 87 Sooth Pint 8U
San Jo«fc
I IT «*llJw I DOTTED STATES tfOVEBK-
M f& witUlt^ OEBUAN GOVEKITMEIfT
/ fiV-TttKpsfii^^v PRENCH GOVEXtXraXEXTT '
/ J TfelS *£?£?% THslN. JAFA1CESE GOVEKiraiEirr I
I jL flvcll&n IIBb!& xew zealakd ooverit- £
I WEW SOUTH WAIiES QOV-
I -r*^--^^^^ ' I 2 to 300 H.' P. More "Union"' '{
I 6 H P. "Union" Marine Engine. 1 Engines are in use In launches V
li This En«lne has cut bronze .¦ in this -port than those of all )
IB reversing: eears, float feed va- I other makes combined. Send - /
Yl porlrer. water Jacketed exhaust I for catalogues, stating require- 4
I elbow, governor, speed con- ¦ menta. I
I troller and ball thrust bear- I nMTOMflAQ ttmhtmt? rr> I
lings. It is fitted to run on dia- 1 UN1O £.? ZZJ?., K C °* I
I tlllate, benzine, naphtha or *as- IV 347 Pir»t Street. J
/ ° lire " i|l fKANCISCO.CAL. JHTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1904.
12
SPIRITUALISM.
REV. KATIE HEUSSMANN holds farewell
* test circle to-night and Sat. eve., 25c; sit-
tlngs only this month. 1000 Harrison st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing se-
ances Wednesday Friday Sunday evenings;
50c. 328 EUla st.'
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance Thura- ;
day, S o'clock, $1. 1084 Bush st.
FULL-FORM materializing seance to-night, 8
o'clock sharp. 50c; read, daily. 457 Eddy at.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
alate- writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CLAIUVOYAYi.",
THE FUTURE REVEALED, THE PAST
DISCLOSED.
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
. a living page of Flammarion'9 treatise that is
so electrifying the world to-day. He Is no
imitator. His work is upon original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. He tells you what
you desire to know and works in. the open
light.
! He la as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness. j
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE be will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test Is
of little value; when the mind is troubled you
need more substantial aid and advice. This '
is Just j what PROF. LIVINGSTONE gives I
you when you call on him for a first-class
, clairvoyant readingf
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you axe hefr to. You are acquainted
with the facts ln your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.'
Permanently located 428 Eddy St.; 3 sepa-
rate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 • $1 $1 |1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Franciscc.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tel'. you It
husband, wife or lover is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "ln fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and indisputable; he im-
proves your character so that you will reacb
the highest possible development in mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power laiplaated in your
nature, so you can conCrol any one secretly;
cures disease and lest vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures; gives you auccesa
in life; he guarantees you 'success or c_ arges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday.
320 O'Farrell st.— 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice ln
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
ELLSMERE, greatest clairvoyant and psychic
palmist; if ln trouble or doubt consult him;
better than Chelro or San Germalne; original,
exact, reliable: each line and mark of the
hand explained as never before; teaches and
develops others by an unfailing method; his
clairvoyant work is unequaled; advises on
mining, law. love, marriage, health and all
affairs of life. Parlors 2 and 3, 1007% Mar-
ket st., near Sixth.
MME.PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
COc, g. by cards $1 : palmistry and clairvoyant
eit., $1 CO. 312 Mason St., near Geary.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c; G., SI. 714 Franklin, nr. G. Q. ave.
A — Miss M. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and bus. medium, read dally $1: develop-
lng class Thursday 3 p. m. 612 Eddy st.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst. clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fall try me.good readings
25c. 721 rranklln.nr.O.G.ave.TeI.Larkln 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given: C5c up. 835 Howard.bet-<th_5th.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2G% Kearny. room 20: ladies 25c, gents 30c.
MME ODELL returned ;clalrvoyant, card read-
er: 'tea leaves;25c up. Lower flat. 532 Ellis.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, give names, date
and facts; readings dally. 017 Market st.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23 ft 6th; 1. 25c. g. COc.
MME/ MASEAU. card reader: 1. 25c, g. 50c;
Wednesday only. 1. 10c, g. 25c. 120 6th st.
SPIRITUAL healer; successfully treats all dis-
eases; 2 treatments. 93S Golden Gate ave.
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st. •
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader. s!t-
tlngy dally. 44St4 Je»»1e «t.. bet. 6th and «th
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 CO; fillings, COc:
plates, $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No chance for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
FREE examination with chart at the New
York, Dentists, 0C0 Mission st.. SE. cor. 6th.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. r.14, 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. .O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings, 75c; sliver. 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr. O.B.Hewitt, 204 Suttr.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IB pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. JI wr vear.
Uk-S.<NAKKKS AJVD KKAMSTKKSSKJ
ACCORDION, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng.
Stewart's button and buttonhole factory, lit)
Taylor st.: tel. Folsom 2121.
LESSONS In dressmaking Sats. or evgs. by ap-
pointment. MISS CAMPBELL.6S0 Clay st.,r.ll
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery achool —
Pattern* cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home ln our new quarters, the largest, best
1 lighted and most delightful place of business
etudy in the entire West. New. complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, Inspiring
instruction 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, W)l-
025 Golden Gate ave.
A BIGGER school than ever. On, June 1 we
move to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
St.. near Third! More cpace, finer rooms,
better light. Finest In the West. Come and
see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE, now at
1236 Market st. ¦ ¦ -
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
• languages, telegraphy, English branches; day.
and night sessions; illustrated cataloguejTree.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years;. special discount
during month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electriclty,24 Post |
st... S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Fri. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5: priv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall, 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero,
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mln.. mech.. sur-
. vey, assay cyanide: day ev. ; es|. 1S04. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, English, matn., etc.. day cr
eve. individual Instr. Rm. 2, 305 Larkin. Prof.
. T. A.. Robinson, formerly of Pac. Bus. Col.
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College on
advice of oficial court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand 1 , etc.. ${
mo. Western Business College, 1107 .Market.
GUITAR, mandolin ; and piano. $3 per ; mo. ;
mandolin club, $1, per mo. -82S Haight st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. I MRS. PECK.
- experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICE!.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post «t.; t*L Bush 133—
Japanese - Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help; «te.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlca^ — Japanese-
Chln?se help. 4'.'ti Powell st. T«l. Main a7S2.
GRAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
offlce. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Orant Ki3.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Loon Seung's. 411H O'K-rrell :t*l. East 42H.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flc«; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main &Wt.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 year*.
Tfl. Mam 1007. BRADLEY A CO.. fttO Clay.
ESIPLOVMEXT \VA.\T_I) — FKMALt!^
GOOD American woman will do day work of
any kind; has no one to help her; must have
it now; would take charge of bualnee* prenv
ises; perfectly reliable. Call Immediately.
648A Jessie st., downstairs, bet. 7th and 8th.
POSITION wanted by superior woman; flrst-
class French and English cook; distance not
object, but good home; best references. Box
9K>. Call offlce. .-
I NURSE wishes to go to Los Angelee; highest
| references; will take charge of invalid or
children or any capacity, for fare. Box
028. Call office.
COMPETENT, reliable woman wishes position
as ftrst-class cook; city or country. 623
Third at., room 3. '
WANTED — By middle-aged lady, position as
housekeeper or care of invalid; city or chprt
distance ln country. Apply .856 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, fine fitter and cut- ,
ter. will go out by the day; $2 50. 1422
Post at., near Octavia.
A WOMAN would like work of any kind by
the day; $1 50 a day. Call or addresa 173
Clementina st.. flat 3.
BY a Swedish woman; a place to do general
housework. Box 054. Call offlce.
WAITRESS, experienced, wants position; city
or country. 324 Mason St.; phone, Black 2394.
AMERICAN woman with a. child, good cook,
wants wk. ; coun. 324 Mason; tel/ Black 2396.
REFINED woman, position working housekpr. ;
widower's fam. 324 Mason; tel. Black 2396.
A COMPETENT girl would like a situation;
cooking and downstairs work; no objection
to country. 70tiVfr Birch ave., off Buchanan st.
AN experienced young German nurse; full
charge infant: flrst-class reference; wages
$30- $35. 30» Eddy st.
A HOSPITAL nurse will care for invalid, city
or country; will travel: please state case;
$35 per month. Box 007, Call offlce.
AN accomplished young lady elocutionist ac-
customed to travel desires situation as com-
panion to refined lady. Box 3920, Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Baxaar. 633 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS. subscrlp#3ns received at
Call Brunch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church ata.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
MAN and wife want place; woman for gen-
eral housework; man to be generally useful
about place; understands horses; no objec-
tion to country. Apply room 9. Wilson
House. 775 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by man 28 years of age
in dry goods, clothing or shoe businesa; ex-
perienced both ln house and on road; good
references; will go out of city; small salary
to start; cash bond. Box 934, Call offlce.
AN elderly, experienced man wishes position
as elevator runner or night watchman;
speaks English, French and German. Box
035. Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detailer. 18 years' experience mining,
stationary, marine work, wants position or
work at home. Box 324, Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER, thoroughly up to date, ex-
perienced man, understands bookkeeping,
wants position; best references from former
employers. Address box 036, Call offlce.
SALESMAN, city, wants position with whole-
sale grocery or commission house; has ex-
perience with retail grocers; references. Ad-
dresp box 95S, Call offlce.
SILVERSMITH would like position ln brass or
silver shop; 23 years' experience; or repair
man for store. Box 036, Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener position wanted by
industrious young man; first-class driver;
can milk; best references. Box 959, Call.
WANTED by an active, middle-aged man.
handy with tools, do vegetable and small
fruit gardening, take care of horse and
make himself generally useful; private fam-
ily preferred. Address E. E. M.. Call office,
1118 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED by elderly man. a Job on chicken
ranch; understands care of chickens: tome-
what of incubating; handy with tools. Ad-
dress E. E. M.. Call offlce. 1118 Broadway.
Oakland.
COMPETENT and experienced orchardlst
wishes to take charge of large property; best
or references given. Address F. FRANK,
P. O. box 271. Lodi. Cal.
FRENCHMAN, 24 years, has traveled a good
deal abroad, speaks and writes English and
Italian, wishes situation of any kind, city or
country. Box 921, Call office.
A YOUNG man wants to serve apprenticeship
at a good trade or work at something where
there is a good chance for advancement.
Box 023, Call offlce.
AN experienced German butcher and sausage-
maker wants situation in city or country.
H. SCHUTZ. 2C2 Sixth St.
ELEVATOR operator, man 34. recently from
the East, desires employment in hotel or of-
fice building. Box 020. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED Janitor and porter wishes
work. Box 922. Call offlce.
JANITOR job (steady) wanted by middle-aged.
experienced man. Box 937, Call offlce.
STEADY, sober man. age 20. wants any kind
of work; small wages. Address box 047. Call.
MIDDLE-aged barber wants Job ln small coun-
try town. Address BARBER, box 008. Call.
A FIRST-class wood turner and band sawyer
' wants job. Call 313 Minna st.
WANTED— Position as barber. Box 143. Can.
BOY wants to work in a -barber shop. Box
ICO. Call offlce.
Painter, paper-hanger, signwriter. wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom st. ; phone Mint 131.
JAPANESE, honest boy. wants position as «
echool boy. 420 O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE waiter boy wants a position ln
country. FRANK, 465 Jessie St.; tel. Mint
Ml. .
JAPANESE, good cook, wants position to do
cooking and plain washing. S. MORI. 807
Polk st.
JAPANESE flrst-class cook with 7 years' expe-
rience wishes position. U. MINE, 10 Chel-
sea place.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do cooking
housework or .general help. KAWA. 1611
Railroad ave., Alameda.
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants place In pri-
vate family. Box 024, Call offlce.
CHINESE boy wants position ln private fa— i-
ily; fliyt-class cook. 807 Washington st.
FLATS TO LKT.
aaa!- house renting department."""
All desirable vacant bouses and flats are list-
ed ln onr free renting department; over 1O0O
in number; a combined list from all agencies;
,let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1030 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture CO., 243*25d
Geary" st., on the square. . -
ELEOANT corner flat; large sunny rooms; all
modern conveniences -.separate entrances and
vestibule; n.nt reasonable. Southeast corner
of Oek and Shrader st?.
CENTRAL ave.. 71. near Haight — Cheapest
sunniest, up-to-date flat. C large rooms and
bath; must be seen to be appreciated; reason-
able to good tenant.
: COLE. 428, near Page — Elegant 7-r. upper flat-
every room sunny; overlooking G. G. Park.'
; CAPP, 1006, mar Twenty-fifth— New sunny; 3
rooms; modern; yard; rent reasonable.
COLE. 42ft. near Page— Elegant 7-r. upper flat-
every room sunny ; overlooking G. G. Park!
DEVISADERO. 728. cor. Fulton— Modern cor-
ner flat. 7 rooms and bath.
LA iK E .o 740 ' 742 ~ New t***' « rooms each; rent
$25-$3O; fine view. *
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Call
on.LYON & HOAO. 110 Montgomery at.
NEW. corner, upper Oat. 6 rooms, bath; ma.
rlno view; reduced. 2204 Filbert »U ¦ ..._
JOHN J>. SP3XCKi:i.S. proprietors
jam uwwxtiwu m EflABSffl. Maagr
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manacer
IEX DOLLAKS REWAUD.
Notify TIk- Call Oflicc If You Miss
Your Paper.
Xf for any cause THE CAM is not de-
livered rcjmlarlY to subscribers please
call up "CA2.X. E_CHA»GE" an* noU'y
Subscription Clerk in cnarze. Your com-
• plai_t will receive prompt attentioa.
A standi_fr reward of Ten OoUars
rSXOXO) is offered for tne arrest and
ccnricticn of any one caturht steallaJT
•j. Jir call.
TELEPHONE.
Atk for THK CALL. The Operator Will Con-
net-t You With the Department You Wlsu.
Ti:bl!<aticn Offlce Market and Third. 8. F.
Liitorial Itoom» 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
DeU-erad by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per , w «« k ' 76
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies B Cts.
tTernjfc by Mail Including Postage (Cash v*l«
Order): ,,
X-">AILT CALL (includ. Sunday), 1 year W.w
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mot.... 4^w
J'AJLY CALL— By Single Month ';£?
frUNDAY CALL. 1 Year *-j~
WEEKLY CALL,. 1 Year '-I
r Dally... Jii.eo Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN J Sunday. 4. IS Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. L V.eckly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested. .
Mail tubscribers in ordering change of «-
<:e«s ehould b« particular to give botfc >_«
ASD OLlJ ADDKKES ln order to Insure a
ircmpt anJ correct, compliance wita tnexr n *¦
¦vest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1 116 Bro«<3way ..Telephone Mala 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2US Center Street Telephone Nortn n
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMULL \V. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WaJdorf-Artorla Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
fi.Icn Square; Murray Hill Hotel: Ftft_-a\e-
*><i«r Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fher— tan House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
r GEORGE KROGNESS..Marquette Building
.'Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2t>19.">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
FTEPHEN B. EMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
CtSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; opea
wr.tll 12 o"clock every nitht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
J(X> Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
127 Montgomery rtreet. corner Clay: open
until a:30 p. m.
£0<t Hayee Ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
EM McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street: ci*n until 9:30 p. in.
3941 Mission ttreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
t-tl Market itreet, corner Sixteenth; open
trull & p. m.
JOG Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. re L
• :«»« Valencia street; cuen until 9 p. in.
Ncrtheatt corner Church and Duncan streets:
cp^n until S p. to.
Nmhwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; cpen until 9 p. m.
.^00 Fillmcrc street; cpen until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN*
JX>R THE SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplatinjr a
chanire pt residence during the summer
tncrths cza. have their caper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify-
in? THE CALL Business Offlce. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
agent ln all towns on the coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
HOCNT Muriah Lodee No. 44. F. and Q
•V M.— Called" meeting THIS (WED-VV
NKSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /W\
Third degree. *
\ THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. _nd A. • _
M.— Third degree THIS TWEDXES-VY
DAT) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By/^TV
order of tho W. M. *..*•• Tv
R. H. McPHKRSON, Secretary.
EXCEXgOTl Uids* JtaJ 101 F.* and 'A. f ? m
M.— Thliu degree THIS n\EDNES--»/kr
DAT} EVENING, at 7 o'clock sharp.
, H. J. OWEN. Secretary. **T--*
MISSION Lodge No. 1C3, F. and A M O
\A U ".' i me<>tm e THIS (WEDNESDAY) W
t\ !.MXG, at 7::;0 ..'clock. Third de-/Vv
?"" «. K. ALLAN. Secretary.
¦KING ?o!omnn'f Lodge No. 2t>0. F. and «
•¦• M.. IKK» Fillmore ft. — Third <1'.«A/
. HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13 I o O
*¦"— Tfce officer* and the f unerai ->^S_*iSk.
I -¦•-¦¦•'¦•• •• the above nair.ed5««B_S_
lodge arc hereby notified to at- "*<£?fe^
Ewnble at Odd fellows' Hall, corner Market
SsJj X £_*__ p - m - tor purpose of
r^^T^T^ ot our late b ™ h "-
OIAE. QUAW. Fin HY sVc SCHUCK ' G "
rARN.WORT.Tj^^-^T^^-
• KSDAYl EVENING. May 25. «4£Zgg^
'.clock fchj.IT. Wdcorm Hall. "?$*$&?
\ isitmg ana tojournins brothers invited
r a RwS_fr K £ UAI __ NobIe Grard '
'-»• A. BLRJIA.N. Ilec Sec.
MANXANITA Tr~ihe \' n 4~T^> a
•/— ol ¦:.- ! Menl-Chiefs end *f_«S
others: Vou an retnectfuily re-
• iursud to attend the funeral of our late
, JmUw. FRKI) <;. KAMMKRER from Red
Men-a Hall. :;20 tof, st ., Thursday May
J6. 1904. at 1 o'clock p. m. By order
z. l. CRiraxH. J c.Vj. nox - Sachem -
THE Caledonian CJub will hold its v C7 C
thirty-eighth annual gathering and _\. S tfi
¦ games at Shell Mound Park MON- >VfV_^
DAY. May a<>. l»04. Renowned
fcthletes ot tlie Pacific Coast, from the Ea«t.
; ¦:**» from Australia, will compete Over
*:;o00 will be distributed ln prizes. In ad-
dition a gold medal valued at $250 will te
awarded to the hfft player on the bagpipes
of Scottish national airs. Highland dancing
on platform by lads and laegies ln costume.
l'rogrammes demiblng over forty events
will be distributed in the city; also across
the bejy get on*. Full bands for the pa-
vilions; dancing in the pavilions until 8 p
m i i.}' 1 *}. 10 ™ ,* in be ac^orded a genuine
Highland welcome. Buy round trip ticket*
for Shell Mound I'ark. Admission to ground*
— Adults. 50c; children 25c.
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C ptses. sent to any address ln the
Lr1t*d States or Canada one year for 1L
pr.i-tair» paid. ,.j V*
ATTORVKVS-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for~Bmall fee -3
See me and save money; no car m advance
G. TV. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
KnabllFhed "2 yrr.; rma. 1. 2, 3, 4 _ 5.1st fl
1122 Market *t.. between Mason and Taylor!
Advice free nil matters. Detectives employed.
Ji. \V. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam bldg
€th floor, entrance room 611; established "o
years; all cas«-*. general court and office prac-
tice: no fee ln advance or for connultxtlon-
evening* by appointment. Tel. Red 3001. '
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
cotts In advance: all law burners; offlce
orwn Saturday evenings. S13 Market *t.. r. 31.
DIVORCE-^CoFts. $12; qu!ck7~qulet; advice
iree; all law business; no charge unless euc-
w-»ful: cpen evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
DIVORCE law a rp^rialty; no puoliclty; advice
it"*: costs t!2 Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 2199. 8. K
L. 6. CLARK. !»27 Market st.; consultation
trie: no f<»e» In advance; open evening*.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1« rag«> In wrapper, for ¦ Killnc. <1 r»»r year
ASTHMA -IE-TED Y.
A 1)1 Ncla's AMtea Rem«ly relieves lnrtant-
W- 1O<- gSc. ROr, me Mmket. St Viohola* '
AUTOMOBILES.
A RAMI'LKR automobile fcr sale. Addresb
box 37W. Call office.
ATTTOMORILE wanted; Stanhope preferred.
Box £Si0. Call office.
|:£ ntSIXKSS^ CHAXCES.
¦ A— $700;~RESTAURANT opposite Golden Gate
Park; rent $25; good business; clearing about
S1SO per month. Sec K. tJ. WILKE, -OVj
Kearny st.
A— $2500; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
k?t St.; low rent; good lease; tkgant fix-
tures and a first-class paying business. Call
i R. G. WILKE. 3__i Kearny «t. >
_— 4330; BOTTLE beer route; well established.
See R. G. WILKE. 20 ft Kearny st.
A— $2750; CORNER saloon on Market st In-
cluding 7 rooms; rent $100; return rents $MJ;
lease: a firtt-dass location and well estab-
lished place. See R. G. WILKE. 20": Kear-
ny st. .
A— $000; CIGAR stand, with 4 years 1 lease;
rent $20; one of the brst transfer locations
ln this city: place easily clearing $100 per
month. See R. G. WILKE. -C'.j Keamy et.
A— S2cOO; SOAP factory; a splendid and well-
established business; also manufactory of
washing powder: owner will allow buyer to
lnvestifcatf business for 14 days. See R. 3.
WILKE. 2CM: Kearny st.
A $700; SALOON with long Jcaae ln choicest
part of this city; rent *40; a good paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 20 Vi Kearny.
A — *GW — CHOPHOUEE and coffee ealoon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
1175 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 20 ft
Kearny Et.
A— DRUGSTORE — drugstcfe — drugstore; price
$4500; established 27 years; lease 5 years;
rent $60; one of the best paying storea in this
city; owntr to retire. Call It. G. WILKE,
20 Vi Kearny sre „ ~-
A— $C00; BUTCHER ehep on Mission St.; rent
$1«; dally receJDta $55; kept by owner 5
years; proprietor to see exDoaltion ln St.
Louis cause of sale. R. G. WILKE, 26*4
Kearny st.
A— 1100; CORNER saloon with 7 rooms on
Bryant et. ; rent $50; place surrounded by
factories and warehouses; a good business. .
Call R. G. WILKE. 20H Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
roomy, kit. -hen and dining-room, 37 beds,
good Jurnlture, lease, place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— $500; PARTNER wanted In chophouse and
coffee saloon; o^en day and night; a first-
class proposition. See R. G. WILKE, 2oMi
Kearny Et. _
A— $2500; DAIRY depot and route; dally sales
60 cans; 8 horses. 4 wagone, etc: most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 15
years; a good-paying investment. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2e,\i Kearny st.
A— $500: BUTCHER shop; estab. years; all
cash trade; $40 per day; rent $20; best lo-
cation; a bargain; owner must leave. See
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
A— $350; branch bakery and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location:
good business. See R. G. W1LKIE, 2t}*
Kearny et.
A— 52000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts. ; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years: firtt-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Keamy st.
A— $900: SALOON, vicinity Taylor & Turk ets. ;
rent $50; this is a good paying and old es-
tablished business; a worklngman's place;
rare chance. See R. G. WILKE. 2G% Kearny.
$3000 — GROCERY and bar. on Fourth St., about
1 block from Market et. ; lease; good paying;
established years; sickness only cause of
tale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
A— J50O0; CORNER grocery ar.d bar; cash
business; store receipts about $C0 per day:
bar receipts about $20; owner will eell for
cash cr trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE. 2tiH
Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON on Montgomery St.; place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month: investigate; a bargain. Call It.
G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
Kro\-e»; 30- room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for buslmas; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay. vegetables; all
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity ln
this $2TiOO; death ln family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR eaJe — Wtll-Iocated bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; 6Vj years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
Ing fine business: other interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located ln Cal.; assays- $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR tale, or will trade — 6 acres inside city
limits; one of best Interior cities in Califor-
nia; house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established t) years; reni
$¦",0: clears $30 to $100 per month; price $500;
must s»ll on account other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy et.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and ;
gfneral Jobl.ine: established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools,
etc.: full Investigation and trial given; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 EDDY at.
$300 SECURES half Interest in commission of-
flce whereby party can easily clear $123
monthly; must have references; also mean
business; experience not necessary. Particu-
lars 1007>-i Market et.. room 1.
FOR sale — General merchandise store ln Wash-
ington; small town in agricultural and min-
ing locality; good substantial trade; will sell
stock and lease buildings. Address for fur-
ther particular?, box 1S7. Call offlce.
$1100 — HOTEL ln northern part of State for
sale; everything ln flrst-class running order;
good- trade; live town; must sell or will take
a partner, one that can take charge of the
business. Box 37C7, Call offlce.
$t500 — ALL or part of a popular cash retail
business for sale; doing $40,000 per year; 25
per cent profit; owner compelled to leave
State. Address WILL M. BEGG£, attorney.
&an Jose, Cal.
AN old established good paying bakery for
sale; a fine opportunity lor a practical
baker. Inquire bet. 11 a. m. and 1 p. m
H. G. MEHRTENS, cor. Webster st. and
Railroad ave., Alameda. ,
T. J. DUNN _ CO. Phone Howard 3468.
1312 Market st.
If you want to sell your place, why don't you
let us know it?
$350— INDUSTRIOUS young man ln legitimate
«nd profitable business, for Indoor work; ex-
perience unnecessary, but must be 'willing to
work. Room 106, 1170 Market st.
A GOOD Investment ; lady or gentleman with
$500 can make $25 a week with traveling the-
atrical company (in vaudeville) en route
north; splendid chance. Box 957; Call offlce.
$500 WILL buy a good-paying, -well-located^
oid-establiFhed meat market; fine family
trade; a bargain. Apply H. G. MEHRTENS
Railroad ave. and Webster «L. Alameda.
FLORIST business; old established; fine loca-
tion: rent $35; 3 living rooms; falling health
cause of selling; a genuine bargain. Box
3480. Call offlce.
$18.000 — GENERAL merchandise store In Cen-
tral Calllorrm doing a business of $40 000 per
year. Address for full particulars princi-
pals only, box 144. Call office.
FOR sale — General merchandise and forward-
lnz business In northern country town of
glowing Importance on S. P. R.,R.; splendid
opportunity. Box 138. Call offlce.
FURNITURE business for sale; good place live
msn; will sell stock at invoice; located about
25 miles from S. F. Box 3940, Call.
A— $5000; BEST investment ln State: very
large returns on perfectly valid business ba-
fls; no scheme. BROWN' CO.. 1221 Market st.
A — ONE-HALF Interest- In a fine saloon and
roadhouse for sale; price only $1250; big op-
portunity. Box 929. Call offlce.
$350 — PARTNERSHIP established business;
good chance for steady man. Pacific Busi-
ness Association. 1148 Market st.
OLD established business for sale, or will ex-
change frr country property; good place for
2 men. Box 025, Call offlce.
$250— WORTH $400;' restaurant; seats 60;
rtnt $20: paid to July; must be sold; owner
elck. 597 First St., 3 to 5 p.-m.
FOR sale — Comer grocery with bar and 4 Uv-
ing rooms: lease: good for man and wife. 231
Fourteenth St.. cornet Minna.
A NICE restaurant: ln good location: must be
sold; cheap; closed now; owner sick.* Apnly
127 Second tit.
$S000 WANTED; best proposition ever offered-
strictly legitimate. Props., 75 Flood bldg;.
BUSINESS CHAXCKS— Continued.
A^STHANGEHS, ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
business opening in San Francisco? If so,
we can offer you any number requiring an
investment from $1UO to $50,000; every busl-
* ness opportunity that pasges through our
ofiice must stand the closest investigation,
and we can place you in a store, factory,
hotel, mill, otnee, or, in fact, any business
you may prefer.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market at.
A— HANK and COMMERCIAL REFERENCES..
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market at.
A^ TEA AND COFFEE STORE.
?:5o00 will buy this store; well stocked with
tea. .coffee and goods in that line; good loca-
tion; doing good bueiness; established for
years; full investigation invited.
GKKMANIA INVEST. CO.. 921 Market st.
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 'J27 Market sU
A— PICKLING WORKS
For sale; factory completely equipped for
the manufacture of pickles, mustard, sauer-
kraut, olives, salad oils and table condi-
ments; product sold in all parts of the
United States; plant originally bought by a
gentleman of means for his son, who has
been found incapable of managing the large
business; cost $15,000, but no reasonable
offer will be refused.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market at. v
A— THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co. $23; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
CERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
A— S100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who Invested
any money in or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under, the laws of California.
Capital stock $50,000.
027 Market St.. rooms 321, 322, 323, 324.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A- HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room and 10 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout: finest linen and best silver serv-
ice; 10 years' lease; $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO^ 027 Market st.
A — WE refer to 1000 successful clients.
CERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— A NEW THEATER.
A gentleman with $5000 cash, capable of act-
Ing as cashier, can secure half interest ln one
cf the best small theaters on the Pacific'
Coast; will pay him $500 monthly; particu-
lars only at personal interview at offlce of
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market Et.
~~ A SAFE INVESTMENT. T"
$1000 cash and services secure Interest and
offlce of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured: highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $3000 can
secure partnership ln established business in
tliis city and take charge of store.
G E R M AN IA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— HARDWARE STORE
For t^ale; a high-class business; long estab-
lished and centrally located; owner desires
to 1 retire; will invoice about $5000.
GERMANIA. INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st
A— RARE OPPORTUN IT Y.
SO' Hi cash and services secure Interest in es-
tablished office business paying $15 weekly;-
experience not necessary: simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A^ THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
la at present the safest Investment and most
profitable enterprise in the city. We repre-
sent two of the largest Incorporated companies
in S. F., and have openings for chauffeurs,
machinists and offlce men who can Invest a
small amount of cash with their services.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can Invest $500 in a
liigh-class real estate offlce and flll position
of cashier; experience not necessary; Invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— TEA AND COFFEE PLANT FOR SALE—
Wholesale and retail: fully equipped with
modern machinery for roasting and blending;
good daily route, with horse and wagon; firm-
ly established: half interest $2500.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
DAIRY for sale; well stocked: horses, wagons,
cows, etc.; with an S5-gallon milk route.
Address box 181. Call offlce.
FOR Bale — Store fixtures, with or without
stock; fine I!vlng rooms. 10S Turk St.; phone
Howard 3456.
HOTEL ami dining-room ln the growing town
of Point Richmond for sale; fine trade. Box
3971. Call offlce.
NOTION, stationery and cigar store for sale
ln country town in California. Address box
156. Call offlce.
$850— SMITH'S candy ' kitchen and factory,
best-paying retail candy buslnens south of
Market st. F. A. SMITH. 241 Eighth st.
DERMATOLOGIST, electrolysis parlors; will
sell cheap with furniture and $200 stock;
clears $125; will teach; $500. See DUNN.
CIGAR store, next to Majestic Theater, on ac-
count of another business, for sale, cheap.
1241 Market St.; no agents.
BAKERY for sale; good country town: must be
scld account of dlckness. Inquire 40S McAl-
lister 6t.. upstairs.
$700 TO invest in legitimate business; no
agents; no partnership. Box 950, Call offlce.
CIGAR stand ln good location on Market et.
for sale cheap. Apply 640 Howard at.
FOR sale — Well -located branch bakery. Ad-
dieEs box 11 85. Call offlce, Oakland.
OYSTER and chop house for sale; no reason-
able offer refused. 603% Post st.
FOR sale — Bakery with large stodi; good loca-
tion and reasonable rent. 715 McAllister st.
ESTABLISHED hotel' business and bar for
sale; good proposition. 14 Washington st.
$300 — PASTRY and candy; electricity; cen-
tral; 3 finely furnished rooms. Box 390, Call.
FOR sale — Delicatessen store; fully equipped;
good location. Box 108, Call offlce.
DELICATESSEN store for sale. $300; living
rooms, furnished. Box 193. Call offlce.
$3000 — MEAT market: first class ln every re-
spect; average sales $80 day. Box 942, Call.
FIRST-CLASS cigar stand; good stock and
pales. Apply 413 Cough St.; no agents.
GOOD barber shop fixtures for sale; reasona-
ble. 1133 Dupont st.
A— $500; PARTNER wanted in light business.
Particulars at 25 Geary St., room 5.
SALOON for sale cheap; piano, refrigerator;
three living rooms; must sell. 613 Howard!
FOR sale—^Clgar store on Kearny it.: good
location. Box 3839. Call.
WANTED — Grocery and bar. Box 174. Call
offlce.
WANTED — To rent, hotel furnished. Address
with particulars box 1842. Call offlce.
FINE newspaper rout* for sale. Inquire at"
this office.
- _______
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BOARDING FOR. CHILDREJff.
WANTED — By an experienced woman, an in-
fant to board. 212 Seventh st.
. ¦ COTTAGES TO LET.,
A NEW cottage of 4 rooms and bath; latest
improvements; garden of vegetables; chicken
house, yard; privilege empty lot; rent $22 50
335 2d ave.. Richmond. Key at barber shop.
COTTAGES FOK SALE.
ELEGANT cottage, 6 rooms and bath; sun on
all sides; high basement. Call 4011 Nine-
teenth st., corner of Noe.
- -
$4000— FOR sale— A cottage, C rooms and bath.
1020 Capp st. : call from 0 a. . m. to 2 p. m.
CltOTHJlTG BENOVATTirQ.
EU1TS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon March*. 40 Ellis st. room U-
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CTTBES BUPTUTIE.
WHO?— Hunter. 1200 Market at.: $100; ruptura
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
AFTER 3. years of personal experimenting/on
! November 15. 1903, the solution of the prob-
lem has been solved of how to cure 75 per
cent of ruptures; from the best authority
lesa than 10 per cent has been cured by the
ordinary truss ln the past 100 years. '
YOU KNOW WHOn TO TELL' YOUR" TROUBLES TO Sg
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SAX Bi.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for 'Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Klnda of Business Chances.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $bOO per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership. -
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part/ cash, balance time; price $000.
106 rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to.date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long leaee; clears $400 to $500 per
month: one of the best buys in the city.
10 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms: beautiful corner; 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished hoube
In city; call for terms and particulars.
t^ 8 », ro ? m i? : fln e upper flat; rent only $30; can
•?« n by Wing $150 down,, balance time;
* *ou.
— 1C 7 l°° mB '- most elegantly appointed apart-
"- V . 0Use ln San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
f" 1 "V. 1 ' 111 "*: fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing 54l>0 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
** ro , om , fl at; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
21 roome; corner; rent only $85; oak fur.;
Efpod carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$1600 Ver aU expenses : * rooms landlady; price
B0 rooms; new, modern apartment house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; flrst-class proposition.
2? rooma; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
aowntowri location: 2 entrances; everything Is
nrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition in city; price $3200.
138 rooms; downtown commercial hotel; 8
years lease; cheap rent; elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities to secure flrst-
class hotel; owner has other businesa; part
cash; balance time.
63 rooms; best downtown transient houae ln
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment house; sickness; must sell; onap; $600.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up.to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $G0O per month; must sell uu
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; ('heap rent; 10 years' lease; close ln;
clears $4<O per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
hous«; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run ln conjunction if desired; rare
chance for right parties: part cash, balance
can bo paid out of the house: other business
interests demand immediate departure.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
buelness, for exchange or trade, always on
hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance,
cor. Third and Market tts; phone Black 3607;
hotels, rooming and apartment houses for
sal*.
| 1. Cut out this 10-line ad.
2. Would vou like a business location?
3. Would you like a respectable house I
4. Would you like a house clearing
6. $175 per month over all expenses?
6. We can show you such a house.
7. A house that we can recommend.
8. You need only pay $1500 down.
». Call and we shall show you the house.
10. MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner bldg.
SUTTER St., 23 r.-; rent $75; clears $98 month;
all. men: respectable; a bargain; $1500; well
furnished. MARION GRIFFIN.
I NEAR Mnrket: 31 rooms: price $1300; clears
$100; lease; rent $110. MARION GRIFFIN.
LOW rent: only $36 for 23 rooms; 3 floors;
income $S5 over rent: near • Market: price
$1500; part cash. MARICpj GRIFFIN, i
LOOK at the price — $750 — for 14 rooms, near
Eddy and Van Ness; on sunny side of street;
it's a snap. MARION GRIFFIN.
N. B. — That we can sell you a 21-room house
full of roomers (clearing $72 a month) for
$1200; that you need only pay a little money
down; we lend you the balance, payable ln
installments. MARION GRIFFIN.
SICKNESS compels rale of a 34-room house ln
which the profit for 1003 was $2550 over all
expenses; price $2000; nice looking bay-win-
dow house. MARION GRIFFIN.
HAVE We a high-class 100-room house? Yes,
two of them: one is downtown and one near
Nob Hill: both strictly flrst-class: both
buildings new and modern; the business of
each will bear the closest investigation; both
elegantly furnished. MARION GRIFFIN.
TWO SWELL 50-room houses; one full of men
roomers clearing $300; one a swell family
hotel clearing $450. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT; EXTRA well furnished: quiet;
30 rooms; lease; clears $250; could be made
to clear $500; price $3500; part cash.
', MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $125. ...$4500
100 rooms; clears $350; low rent..... $0500
80 rooms; furniture nearly new $3800
40 rooms; fine location, north of Market. $1000
40 rooms; in Oakland; new; rent $60 $2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent $600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
50 ROOMS; sunny corner house; all outside
bay-window rooms; east, south and west ex-
posures; with lease; rare opportunity; inves-
tlgate. Box 3481. Call offlce. . .,
$175 BUYS 13-room house; rent only $30; this
is a bargain and will go at once. Inquire
1007 ft Market st., room 1. * ¦
LODGING-HOUSE of 23~ rooms for sale; well
furnished; all rooms full; price $2750; rent
$200; investigate this. Box 3S38. Call.
11 hou5ekeeptng rooms; rent $40; clears ' $50;
part cash; yard, stable; departure. 116 Page.
$450—7 ROOMS; newly furnished house; cheap
rent; going East. 312 Mason st., near Geary.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
ot advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. J
CARPKT^nEATIJfQ AMD CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on
'floor without removal; carpets and rugs are
also cleaned by compressed air -at shop;
prices moderate. S. F. Compressed Air
Cleaning Co.. 308 Market st.; phones Main
152 and Bush 470. J, ¦ ..' . -
WHEN you become disgusted with your work ,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- '
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama St.. Tel, South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St., clean-
ing & laying done reasonably. TeLMlssion 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate 'ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Or.402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO.-WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel.Mitmlon 203.
CAPE "O9IE.
TICKET offlce for all points ln Alaska. C. F.
MOORE, 027 Market bU, room 300. Next
steamer June 2; $75 first class. :
QgriOES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. «13
Montgomery, rooms 8-10: tel. Main 6380. '
rot In~r.htiYtt' t'/ji'~&fr* S§5S$55 V,- - \
«tr«*t; r-m ifl Ut 4\*H Him 1 SWW/
itnorr <•_< »t '« "n#m» * «* ' **<*>! V «,
TO l»i— ¦ tiuntiy fiat tit 0 ftmm* *#* i*f#, K.W
Kills mi , n*ur Htminm,
tJPrZtt n»««. S «i r , M ¦>¦»¦¦>. /*/•*. U86-USB
8th av*., nun**t, vi^rn '>. 'i v»r*; r*m *¦*•».
UPPER flat '.t 7 rv/rr.j m A >.»•'. •-. ** ¦ mtn-
ny and m'Arrn. VA f>iv*^rr»; #««t t-.'. mo.
ki.at* to i.kt— rt ftvmfiso. '
TO let— An elegantly lutu'.ii.tA r.mt t.-.i — i r*f_
Ifornla »t., fr'/m J.tt* itntit '/^Vi; r»nt
«««. Kor particulars ln/j-,lr» TAVl> St. .%»'-
PERT rOMPAWr. iZl r*\\t';mi* M.
nEAUTiri?LLY "fur^4M4~«iT1eV"F"— «m» ta
rent Uir 3 mofltb* •! 175 fr*r mtmtb'. Bortb-
*a»t comer: sun a!) 4*j; :•¦¦¦'¦ ¦¦¦>¦¦',
refs. refjulr»d. Ad. VK Katiwjtn*, TT,m* 1-2.
TO LET, fuml«h.-<i. Jt,n* M M **>*••— t*r 1.
9-rccm flat at 3O2Z Jarkscn St.; caJl .-»ora-
ings.
NEWLY furnished flat: 5 large sassy room*;
$10. Ctfl Taylor at., btt. f«-.»t .*rA Mutter.
SUNNY furnl»h»d floor; criv»t« »«sld«3':»;
adults: ref. IV/x 121. Call «fflc«.
5-ROOM sunny flat: h'tltfcy locat'oa. 423OA
20th st.. near Castro; fZO.
DIAMOND. •:»— Sunny furn_hM Cat of 1
rooms for hou*ekpa°; h«t and cold water; 110.
GROVE, 713 — Flat cf 7 rooms; coat and. gas
stoves: piano: call 11 to 2 o'clock.
KiitMTir.E run hale.
FURNITURE of 5 rocms. oak carlor suite,
fine range, chiffonier. Iron beds. 3244 Twen-
ty-third st.
BUREAUS. $4 50; matting. 10c; iron beds. $2:
H. W. beds, $1; woven wire mattresses from
$1 50 up. Anderson Auction House. 13 Turk.
FURNITURE for sale; $75 wor_, for $7 SO
dewn and $1 SO per week. BRILLIANT'S.
340 Post st.. near Powell.
$12 50— KITCHEN stove, table, bed. springs,
commode and locker. 1934 Market st.
CHEAPEST place In city for second-hand fur-
nlture. 086 Geary at. Tel. Polk 1477.
ttlt.MTlIlK W.V.VTKD.
AB 2 lev-;
Salesroom, 1133 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlce fur-
niture, etc.. until ycu get his estimate.
WANTED — To buy furniture for a 7-room
Cat; must be ln good condition; state kin*
and price asked. Box 157. Call.
CHAS. LEVT & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.carpeu. etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 413.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furnl-
ture. carpets, etc.; tel. Larkln 3C31. 634 Ellis.
HELP TVAXTED- FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, plain wash. Menlo Park. $35;
2 cocks, no wash, German style. $40: cook.
French styl?, no wash, San Rafael. $33; coolc
for summer boarders, Santa Cruz Mountains.
$-10 to $10; 2 girls for housework. 2 and 4 lr\
family, no wash San Rafael, $30; 4 cooks,
plain wash, city, $30: second girl and s»wlng.
?25; nurse, $20: 6 waitresses for hotels and
resorts, I2o. nice places. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 33-4 Sutter 9t.
WANTED — Woman for roadside hotel as cook,
etc., to go north: $.*5«» and fare paid: see party
ln city. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. S-"U Sutter.
WANTED— German girl for general housework;
2 in family: no wash; Santa Clara Valley;
$30. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter at.
A SECOND girl. Mare Island. $:», see lady
to-day.
A nurse for an Infant, $30.
Cook for small resort, $50.
Cook and second girl, same family ln coun-
try. $35 and $25.
A first-class cook private family. San Ra-
fael. $40. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sut-
ter St.. near Powell.
TWO waitresses fcr Healdsburg: 1 fcr Flower
Festival only, several days. $2 per day and
fare paid both ways, no offlce fee; the other
steady work, ?25 and found. HORD *
SMITH. 05 Third St., S. F.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdresslng.
rr.anicurlr.sf. etc.: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to flll Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 cer week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13. -
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son : both seasons taught from start to flnis.1
In 1 month for $15: positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. raarantetd at $10 per wk up.
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. IX
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdreaslns
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. _£>ti Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, rocm 94: positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class: call.
WANTED^ — A neat woman willing to demon-
strate useful kitchen utensils In a show win-
dow on Washington St., Oakland. Saturdays
only; wages $1 50 and expenses. Apply at
1158 Washington St.. Oakland. Saturday at
0:30.
THREE waist hands for alteration depart-
ment wanted at once; good salaries and
permanent position to experienced help. Ap-
ply forenoon LIVINGSTON BROS.. Post st.
WANTED— Lady partner ln Irfnch and delica-
tessen store, to tend to the cash; must Invest
$100; will clear $50" a month. Apply 310^
Folsjm st.
YOUNG lady between 18 and IS years to go to
Alaska with family; good pay. Call 106H
Third St.. room 22. 1 to 5.
WANTED — Girl for cockins and downstairs
work. Apply bet. 9 and 1. 1W0 Vallejo St..
corner Franklin.
WRAPPERS wanted; none but experienced
need apply. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market.
MIDDLE- AGED woman; housework and plain
cooking. 1422 Devisadero St., near Geary.
EXPERIENCED saleslady; steady; for candy
store at 1409 Polk st. Call after 10 a. m.
WAIST hands wanted at Madam Nelson's,
dressmaker, 1017 Geary st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m.. Wednesday; salary no object.
TOUNG Protestant girl assist housework;
four in family: good home; wages $17. Ap-
ply forenoons, 251 Scott st.
GOOD finishers: also girls to pad collars on
coats. S. N. WOOD, 49 Geary st.
LADT traveler for business house; permanent
position. Box 360, Call offlce.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan St Church stt.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tha reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. oppoatt* Ftft—
Op*ti until 11 p. m.
HELP WAXTED— MAL3.
A—PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT
F. M. GUNN. €33 Commercial st..
Phone Main 1191. Near Keamy.
A superintendent large lumber company
wants full crew; see htm here: top wages: log-
gers, screw turners, spool tenders and all
kinds cf skilled and unskilled labor: this la
the Job for you; call early.
To the sawmills, north by rail; here you are:
20 railroad graders, $80: company work; water.
company and climate good: take this and go
to-day. ,
Nevada, ship to-night: teamsters, lahorers
and rockmen. 8 hours' work. $2 to $2 50.
*:{ ranch hands. $::o and found; man and wife,
Yolo County. $5O and found: blacksmith,
city, $3 SO day; bookkeeper, country store,
$30 and found; milker, south. £15 and found;
cooks, waiters, porters; scores of other jobs.
Call and see us.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 7"
&K1 Clay st.: phone James 217<i
Cheesemaker. $40 month and found.
5 mllker.i. country. $-'!0 to $:;."» month and fd.
FOR THE SAWMILLS— NORTH.
6 epoql tenders. $73 month. ¦* . : •
5 woodsmen. $60 month.
2O labcrers. $2 day.
13 box factory hand*. $1 5O to $2 day.
YOU WILL SUIT ON THIS JOB.
Hotel cook, country. $60 month and found.
Scraper teamsters, ditch work. $1 2a day and
board.
Woodturner, near city. $3 SO day.
Nevada — Teamsters, labcrers: ship daily.
Other good jobs at XW2 Clay st.
WINDOW dresser and card writer. $23 week;
millwright. $3 50 day; blacksmith's ¦ helper.
* !i> and found: floorman. shoeing shop. .<j r.o
*"dr«y and board: 10 farmers and teamsters,
$1 25 day and $30 month and board: milkers,
$-10 arid $^3 and found: stable and chore man.
$23 and found: washer for laundry. $.">(> ant
found; 2 farmers and wives. $47 30 and $53
and found: miner. $3 day. and wife to board
men at $20 per month each: woolohoppers.
$1 15 cord, and others. J. F. CJlOtJETT &
CO.. 62S Sacramento st. •
COOK and wife, country hotel, $30 to $33 and
found; cook, country boarding-house. $J0. and
dishwasher. ?ame place. $20 and found: broil-
er. $16 week; restaurant second cook. $^0;
' waiters, dishwashers; elevator boys. $3O. and
others. J. F. CKOSETT _ CO., S2S Sacra-
mento st.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25/ 1004.
13
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200— Easy Terms.
New "Oceanside" Lot's on Official Grade.
Fronting and Unobstructed View ot Park
and Ocean.'
Choicest and cheapest home sites ever offered.
All bargains! See them to-day!
"Oceanside" branch of flee. cor. H street and
47th avenue.
Open Sundays and Holidays.
$75 to $250— Near Park and Ocean^$5 monthly.
$250 to $1000— Choicest Richmond lots— In-
' stallments. •-
$150 to $450— Level Excelsior Hd. Lota.
$1000 to $3500 — Modern cottages In Sunset.
Richmond. Oceanside and Excelsior Home-
stead. Easy terms'.
Sunset Branch Office on Oth ave.. near R «t.
SOL. GETZ ft SON, Owners and Dealers.
Room 54, fourth floor. Chronicle bids.
ON THE PANHANDLE BOULEVARD.
A modern 10-room house and "0-foot lot:
large lawn and beautiful outlook; the best
value ever offered. Information of H. R.
! COOPER. 778 Market st
$17,000.
. *
$1 25 PER week; no Interest: lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no rrad-
lnz to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room 5.
BUILD your unimproved realty: we lean full
cost lmprov. and part lot at 6%. MANHAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
ALAMEDA ADVEBTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA STOBES TO LET.
CHEAP etore 15x60 feet, at 1514 Park St..
Alameda. $12 M>; will let half for $7; will
fit It up for any trade at a slight advance
In the rent. Apply on the premises.
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
S^ROOM COTTAGE^
Mantel; folding-doors; bath; modern plumb-
ing; fenced and cross-fenced; chicken-house
and yard, flowers, etc.; lot 49x153: Improved
street; desirable location; price $2300; terms
$400 cash, balance $20 per month.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorln.
A BNAP.
5-room shingled cottage; all modern: gas
connected: combination fixtures; shades; ready
for occupancy June 1; price $2300; terms $150
down, balance $ly per month.
O. A. RUDOLPH,
Open Sundays. Lorin.
A LOT. 40x125. with a three-room house, on
a good graveled street: sewered: fine well
and tank: choice locality; price $1100; small
payment down, balance to suit purchaser.
O. A. RU1 jLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin.
$2000— A ERY pretty cottage of 6 rooms; lot
50x135; on the sunny side of street and near
the station.
$C500 — Do you want a first-class investment
paying 9 per cent?
I have for sale a warehouse butlt of stone
and brick; fitted with compartments and ele-
vator; In an Improving neighborhood; leased
for 5 years; a good investment
JOSEPH J. MASON\ Real Estate,
SE. cor. Ehattnck ave. and Center st
FRUITVALE Advertisements,
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
W. E. RUDELL REAL ESTATE.
Cor. Fruitvale ave. and Washington st,
FRUITVALE. CAL.
Office hours — 8 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays in-
cluded.
HOW IS THIS FOR A HOME AT FRUIT-
VALET
$2400 — Beautiful modern cottage; 6 rooms and
bath; mantel; stationary washtrays; high
basement; electric lights; corner lot. 40x
125; abundance of Rowers and fruit trees
near car line; good neighborhood.
$1750 — A grand home on Fruitvale ave. ; 8
rooms, bath and modern conveniences;
corner lot, Slx207; decorated gardens; va-
riety of fruit trees; stable with 2 box
stalls: nice driveway: take a look at this
property; it will please yon
$1600— Cottage. 6 rooms, bath, basement; lot
37:0x124; alley In rear; near station and
school; a bargain.
$2000 each — 2 cottages In course o£ construc-
tion; good location; grand view; lots 50x
123; small cash payments down; balance
to suit purchasers.
$2500— THINK THIS OVER.
A 2- story house, 8 rooms and. bath: high
basement: hot and cold water; good well
with force pump; chicken houses and
runs; all kinds of bearing fruit trees:
blackberry, raspberry and currant bushes:
vegetables; corner lot. 135x145; fenced
and cross fenced; 2 blocks from car lln»
and school; terms $500 cash, balance any
old way.
$3000— House of 5 extra large rooms, bath.
mantel. -gas and electric lights; attic large
enough for 4 extra rooms; high basement;
corner lot 55x120; close to school; one
block from car line; 4 blocks from sta-
tion; terms $1800 cash, balance bank loan.
$050 — House of 4 rooms; lot 75x90: barn;
chicken house; good well; 4 blocks from
car line; $100 cash, balance same as rent.
SOME BARGAINS ON FRUITVALE AVE.
$3700 — New modern house on Fruitvale ave.;
lot 10x150.
$4700 — Cottage, 8 rooms; corner lot: 81x207; a
grand home. *'
$8500— Cottage. 10 rooms; lot 145x298: S min-
utes' walk from station.
$3500— House, 10 rooms: 27th ave.; lot 50x172.
TO RENT.
House of 5 rooms; 4 blocks from station; rent
$15 per month.
W. E. RUDELL, CORJ FRUITVALE AVE.
4_ND WASHINGTON ST.,
FRUITVALE. CAL.
OFFICE OPEN SUNDAYS.
CHARLES F. LEE, Phone Vale 296.
Office half block from Fruitvale station.
$15 monthly, and own your own home; a
lovely 5-room. bath, pantry, high basement,
brick foundation cottage; handsomely deco-
rated interior; steel enameled bath; hand-
some palm tree; full-bearing fruit trees and
flc-wers In abundance: 3 blocks from the
car line; graded school close by, and lot <
70x113; only $500 cash required; price all
told. ?1750. . '
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale avw.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
. OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
NEW 7-room furnished house; S minutes' walk
from Key route depot Apply 831 Thirty-
fifth st.. Oakland.
O A K LA ADI^CRXITUHEKOIl^SA LB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas,llth st.cor.store, Oakland.
LEGAL ADVEKTIaEME.\T».
NOTICE — Office of Insurance -• Commissioner,
San Francisco. Cal.. May 11, 1904 — Having
ascertained that the capital stock of tha
¦ Union Surety and Guaranty Company has
become impaired, and that said company has
become insolvent within the true intent and
meaning of the Insurance laws of the State
of California. I have this day revoked Its
. certificate of authority, previously granted,
as provided In section 600 cf the Politic?!
. Code, and notice Is hereby . given that s&ld
company Is no longer authorized to transact
the business of Insurance within this State.
K. MYRON WOLF. lnmir»nri- Comml««tr>n»r
WASEHOPgEg.
FOU SALE OR TO LEASE."" ~"~" ""
Lot and 4-story warehouse. 43:10x120;
short block, from S. P. freight sheds; apply
on premises. 13 Bluxome st, bet 4th and 5th
REAL E.'TATR — -CITY FOR S\T.R.
MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
„ AUCTION.
TUESDAY MAY 31. 1904
'At 12 o'clock, noon.
COR. MONTGOMERY AVE. AND BROAD-
WAY.
Modern 4-story and basement building contain-
ing 3 stores. 3 floors above of 30 rooms; large
concrete basement; rental $345 per month. *
TAYLOR -STREET CORNER.
517-517% Taylor St.. bet. Post nnd Geary: old
Improvements; renting $65 per month; loca-
tion In demand, for modern building.
FACTORY OR WAREHOUSE SITE.
Stevenson St., bet. 9th and 10th; >aa frontage
of 75 feet and runs to Jessie St., oa which it
fronts 50 feet. #
LARGE MARKET-ST. LOT.
South side Market et., 75 feet west of 12th; 75
feet front on Market st. by depth of 163 feet
through to Stevenson St.; property with
crand future. J
' • DEVISADERO-ST. BUSINESS.
I 1810-1S14 Devisadero St., bet. Bush and Pine;
: new building of store and flats; annual rentaK
! $1680; lot 30x82:6; also lot adjoining. 30x82:6.
FLATS. COR. POST AND STEINER STS.
N.E. cor. Post and Stelner sts.; 6 new up-to-
date flats; sun in every room; facing Hamil-
ton Park.
BUSINESS CORNER.
N.W. cor. Montgomery ave. and Lombard st.;
store and house. 10 rooms above; full base-
ment extending under sidewalk.
MONTGOMERY AVE. AND TAYLOR ST.
Three substantial modern flats. 2303 Taylor Bt..
running back to Montgomery ave.; rent $504
per annum: concrete basement extending un-
der sidewalk.
MISSION AND FIFTEENTH STS.
1902-0 Mission st. and 1611 15th st; surround-
ing corner; old improvements; fine location
' for store and flats. . •
VALENCIA ST.. NEAR SIXTEENTH.
413 Valencia st, bet. ICtb and 16th; lot 32x100
to rear street; old Improvements.
Terms at sale. For catalogue and partic-
ulars apply to MADISON iTBURKE.
30 Montgomery st.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market st.
$1300 — Good cottage of 4 rooms: large lot.
$1500 — Cottage of 4 rooms and basement;
near Dolores and Clipper; cheap. *
?5250 — NE. cor. 23d st. and Bryant ave.; 2
cottages; stable; plenty room for flats; 50x90
$2000^ — Flno bay-window cottage, 4 rooms;
high basement: cement foundation: large lot.
$4500 — Elegant cottage, 5 rooms, bath: with
small expense could make flats; near Market.
$12.000— XOT yet completed; rents $1320 per
year: 3 marine-view flats; N. line Green st.,
" 1864-66-6S Green St., E. Laguna; every room
la and will be sunny; ever* possible latest
Improvement. Apply at the premises from
2 to 5; lot 25x137:6.
SNAP— Cozy sunny cottage, 5 rooms, bath and
laundry; latest Improvements; north ride
O'Farrell nt.; $4000 only. Inquire 1303 De-
visadero, between 10 and 12 a. m.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. S36 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$12,500— Splendid stock ranch and general
farm 2000 acres; 4 miles from courthouse,
Mendocino County: 200 acres tillable; 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied with
water and an abundance of live oak timber;
there are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
$8000— Only 3i4 miles of Geyserville, the Gem
of Sonoma County; V* mile good school; rural
mall delivery; 50 acres; 30 acres rich bottom
land; 2 acres orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; 5 acres alfalfa; well fenced and cross
fenced; 6-room house. 2 good barns, nice
spring; have other bargains In this superb sec-
tion.
$2500^ — 15 acres level land, 7 miles of San
Jose; all In vineyard; houFe.
$2,000 — 10-acre da|ry and poultry ranch. 1
mile of town; hill land; 2 houses; barn; corral;
poultry houses; 2 Incubators; 2 brooders; farm-
Ing tools; fenced; 4 cows; 2 horses; 225 chick-
ens; flne market
$800—4 acres In Fruitvale; lease 4 years: $17
per month: nice 5-room cottage; 25 poultry
houres; yards fenced 0- rt. wire netting; brood-
ers; Incubators; 500 chickens; mostly bearing
orchard.
$3200 — In city limits of Petaluma: 2*A acres;
neat cottage; barn; 5 poultry houses; 2 brood-
ers; 1 Incubator; 2 wagons; harness; horse;
Jersey cow; 450 chtckens; all In bearing fruit;
see photos of select Petaluma homes at this
office.
$3000—3 miles of Santa Rosa; 200 acres; 20
acres tillable soil; 500 cords of wood; house:
barn; running water; 10 head of cattle; 25 head
of hogs; other bargains In this superb section.
$C00 — Only 1 mile of town; SO acres; house,
trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land;
placer and quartz gold; 2 garden patches, out-
side range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$4000 — Near Merced City, on main road; 40
acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives, 10
acres alfalfa. CH acres bearing orchard: 2
wells; all under ditch; fine cottage; 5 rooms;
steel windmill and tank; good barn; toolhouse;
granary; poultry houses; incubator houses; nice
Income; cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided In
small tracts at $65 per acre; one- third of crop
with place.
Adjoining the town of Lodl. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under ditch;
$125 to $1C5 per acre.
$50 per acre; 10 acres up; under ditch; 4'i
miles from Lodl, on main county road; also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an
acre.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
I have several parties with good Income prop-
erty to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging-houses; many cu.h buyers; list your
pmperty.
$2500 — 60 acres; 5 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
some steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
Ing: good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 down and balance
monthly payments if desired.
$5000 — Best ranch In Southern Oregon:. 320
acres; 2 sets good Improvements: well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools; otside range.
$4500 — 30 acres close to Morgan Hill. Santa
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard. 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
finished cottage of 5 rooms; outbuildings; fine
Income; would trade for Income city property.
$1100 — Only 6 miles from courthouse; . SO
.acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
part cash; near Red Bluff.
$17,000 — Finest ranch In San Joaquln County,
between Stockton and Lodl; water near sur-
face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land, 1 mile of Calaveras River,
on main read; mortgage $1)000; would trade for
first-class property near city.
$4500 — Near Newcastle; 21 acres; oranges,
cherries, peaches, lemons, plums and apples;
small but nice house: only $1500 down; have
bargains In tnts vicinity from $1000 up. ¦
$2250 — 10 acres, all In apricots Just coin-
mrncing to bear; 8 miles from San Jose; lovely
home; half cash.
$1700— In Sonoma City; 8% acres; all level:
good house, barn, windmill, tankhouse; 13 poul-
try houses and yards: some alfalfa; spring
wagon: 500 chtckens; feedhouse.
$3500—136 acres east of San Jose; 125 acres
In hay; good, soil. v,'v
Serd stamp. for printed list.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
¦* 2G Montgomery .St. Room 8.
• Property Exchanges a Specialty. ,
• INCOME-PAYING property: Profitable fruit
and - poultry farm near Petaluma. Sonoma
County; 40 miles from San Francisco. .
Eleven-room furnished house; big barn; fruit
and poultry houses, tanks and windmills,-
abundant water, about 3CC0 bearing trees; last
year's crop approximately 20.000 lbs. cherries,
4000 boxes fapples, S000 lbs. pears, 4000 lbs.
peaches: 0000 lbs. plums: 2 acres asparagus,
vegetable and flower gardens, shrubberies,
hedges and shade groves; Incubator*, brooders.
¦w»gon«, horses, Jersey cows, orchard outfit
complete; place in full operation.
R. DAVIES. 452 Parrott bldg.. San Francisco.
GREAT bargain— Rich, Irrigated farms; big
canal; free water right; very cheap; easy
terms; homeseeker's •opportunity. C M.
WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market st
ALFALFA- lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards;' Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent' free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market st. ' .¦
SOUTHERN Oregon Irrigated land*, dairy
farms, stock ranches, alfalfa land, timber
'land, mines. 6. C. TRAYNER. 604 Kearny.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16. pages, sent to any address In tho
Un'teti Stntes or Canada one year for <1.
' SAH MATEO BEAE ESTATE.
FOR sale — Beautiful home In San Mateo; house
8 rooms and bath; large grounds; lot 100x180;
stable and outhouses: on car line; in center
of. San Mateo. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mis-
slon st. ¦ * - -
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
4 CHOICE lots cheap for cash. Apply 323
Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
BOOMS FOR HO^-^FIKETP^f-r^O^^
BRYANT, 421 — One or two furnished room*
for housekeeping; gas; (11 60; also singl*
room.
CALIFORNIA. 3<XK>— Lovely sunny room for
light housekeeping; gaj>^ running water;
garden; reasonable.
CLAY. 1323 — 3 rooms and kitchen; new and
beautifully furnished; view; $30.
ELEVENTH. 10»J— Two large sunny front ba/-
wlndow and connecting rooms; gas stove.
ELLIS. 1233—2 rooms and use of kitchen; well
furnished and sunny.
GOCGH. 708 — 2 nice large attic rooms; run-
ning water; gas range"; rent $10.
HAIGHT, 3—2 rooms, front, furnished for
hsekpg.; folding bed- gas range; run. water.
HAWTHORNE. 18. off~Howard. near Third—
2 large sunny rooms: running water; yard;
$2 50 week. -
HOWARD. 1604 — 2 front room*, connecting,
complete for housekeeping; private; cheap.
IVY ave., 241—3 rooms furnished. $17 50; 2.
$15; sink and gas; adults.
JESSIE. 323— Sunny furnished housekeeping;
gas; $2 73 week; other rooms cheap.
JONES, 119 — 3 sunny basement housekeeping
rooms: also others.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric Ushted; free baths; rate $30 us.
LARKIN. 32C, ccrner Golden Gate ave.— Fur-
nished sunny: central; bath, closets; phone;
running water; reasonable^
LARKIN. 817H— Nicely furnished sonny front
room; folding bed; gas stove; reasonable.
MARKET. 2008 — Two largo well furnished
rooms for housekeeping; $19.
MCALLISTER. 511 — Two larg» connecting
. rooma for housekeeping^
McALLISrER. 53S — Sunny 2- room suite: $7.
$12/$13; gas range; hot bath; adults. .
MISSION, 1349 — 2 sunny connectinc baclc
rooms, closet, coal stove, sink; $10 month.
OAK, 10— Two rooms furnished -complete for
housekeeping; use of piano.
OAK. 117— Extra sunny 3-room suite: $20; 2
rooms $12: single $8: gas range; adutts.
FOLK, 1402 — Sunny housekeeping rooms; gaa
and bath free; reasonable.
POST. 824 — Handsome parlors. d!ning-rooin
and kitchen; 2 single rooma; sunny; modern.
POST. 13&4 — Spacious gunny rooms, housekeep-
ing; other rooma; bath, phone; references.
POWELL. 208 — Housekeeping rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
SHOTWELL. 822 — Two runny rooma for light
housekeeping.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church *ts»
ATASTgEaT EOXT3ZS.
A — CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
10*» SL7TTER ST., NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
i Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooma &a4
bath each; all unfurnished: $27 50 to HO.
Make reservations now.
ST.CECILE. 115 Fell.above Van Ness ave.— Th«
acne of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments. with private baths,
steam heat, electric light. elevator, gas ranges;
$30. $35. $37. $40. $43. $47 50. $50. $55.
BT. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 8-4-5
rooms: furn. orunfum.; refs. Tel. East 135O.
APA»TflEEirT3 WANTED. . .-;
4- ROOM apartment wanted, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping. Address box ltio.
Call office.
WANTED— An apartment of 3 furnished rocm*
for housekeeping. Box 159. Call office.
ROOMS TO LKT — Korn. Mad t'nfor*.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth St.— glooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT 'The AlmontV 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. Jl. $1 00 nUht;
$1 CO to $10 week: house open all night.
BUCHANAN. 847— Front sunny alcove- and
kitchen; bath and phone; rent reasonable.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. • 1304)— Fnr-
stshed rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. 502 — Newly furnished rooms: suite or
single: with or without board: reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204. Ellla. ccr. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 824 — 3 connecting sunny parlors: win
be fitted to suit gentlemen or a professional.
FOLSOM, S13 — 2 neatly furnished front rooma;
double and single.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33o
to $1 25 night: $1 60 to $6 wk. : reading-room.
HAIGHT. 020— Handsomely furnished sunny
tlcove front room.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nished suites and single rooms.
HOWARD. 2400. corner Twentieth — Large,
sunny, furnished bedroom: large garden.
JESSIE. 9«3. east U. S. Mint— Furnished
room, $7 per month, for gentlemen.
JESSIE, 369. near Fifth— Furnished rooms for
2 gents: $10 month: 2 beda.
MARKET. 1032— A very reasonable price; 3
or 3 houseke«Bing rooms.
MCALLISTER, 511— Sunny furnished rooms;
gas and running water.
MCALLISTER. 1342— Suit or single, breakfast
If desired; bath; phone Page 104.
POST. 889. near Hyde— I .-ge furbished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $9; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TAYLOR. 515B — Large front parlor, piano;
bath; $15; smaller room. $10.
THE ST. KATHRTN, NK. cor. Learenworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rooma In the city; new
hotel; Just furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattresses In every room: also hot and cold
water, baths, etc; steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence; rooms from $3 per week up.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049A Market st.— Sunny
rooms: hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — WO
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 wmic; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator. read. -room: free bus: baggage.
VAN NESS. 512— Elegant parlors: suitable for
3 gents; doctor or dentist; mod.; cor. hous*.
WILLOW ave.. S. off Larklh, near Ellis — J
rooms, complete; sunny; no children.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $S week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus: baggage.
WOLF House 202 Sixth st. — Roo^is from 1-Vj
to *1 per night and from 00c to $3 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has be«n
opened at 1C08 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ' .
nuuM* ami no a no.
HARRISON. 570— Good beard and rooms at
$3 50 for girls: piano; home comforts.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class beard and room,
single or double. $5-$6 wk.: American family.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 5C1 Geary— Family rooma
and board; entirely renovated: teas, prices.
O'FARRELL, 910— Sunay rooms, flrst-claas
board: reasonable.
TOUNG man to take room and hoard In prt-
vate family: We*t?ra Addition. Box «M. Call.
ROOMS A.\D BOAltD WASTED.
BOARD and rooms wanted by man and wife In
boarding-house or private; not over 10 mth-
ntes' walk from Call building; references
given. Box 051. Call. ¦
GOOD board and suite of rooms wanted by
•¦ married couple ar.d one child; give rates.
Box 197. Call office.
ROOM and board with use of parlor, war. e I
by moU-:r and daughter: state rates. Box
170. Call office.
WASTED — Room and board for gentleman In
easy walking distance of Fourth ana Market
st». Box 150. Call- .
SUITE ef rooms and flrst-ctass beard wanted
•for man and wife. Box 166. Call offtse.
BOOMS WASTED.
fig- PER month will be paid In advance for
two furnished rooma for an elderly man and
hla sister; references. Address Permanent,
box 949. Call office.
Continued on Pago Fourteen.
MO\EV TO LOAN Continued.
LOWEST BANK RATE.
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates In probate, undivided Interest In
estates, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of Interest. "
RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy: no commission; Installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery Bt., rm. 7.
MONEY to^loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at "W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth et.
STAR Loan Co of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, 1103y& Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $ljrO_$10.000.
NEW easy methMs — To ware earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
. Trust Co.. 21 Stockton Bt. . .
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market et.
1>4 per cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING, 616 Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL, 600 Examiner building.
i>^tuu Mrarra.^
ALL UPRIGHTS:
Neubert, new $260. now $60.
Fischer, new $325. now $85.
Hertx. new $300. now $07.
Rupsell new $3S5, now $135.
Cplby hew $425. now $180.
2 v Chlckerlngs, new S4.10. now $100, $135.
2 Stelnwaye, new $W5. $750; now $183, $323.
Heine, new ?57B now $333.
and 50 others. Several squares at bargain
prices. Call and examine them. Rents $2 up.
Installments ?¦! up. Old pianos or organs taken
In exchange. Tuning $2. finest workmanship.
HEINE PIANO CO.,
235-237 Geary st. Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
A SENSATIONAL flre — Storage pianos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and txn-ned If not sold in a few days; this
means storage pianos and furniture almost
cheaper than fire wood, and must be re-
moytd. Whitehead's Storage. 1636 Market.
PIANOS for rent; J3 per month; the largest
and best stock in San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5CO-64 Hayes st.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
$25; uprights, $100 up; organs. $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post et.
WILL sell for storage, fine Hazoltin and Vose
pianos. STATHAM'S, 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. S08-312 Post st.
A BEAUTIFUL Steinway upright grand, as
good as new; cheap. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
$165 — STEINWAY upright: private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shoninger, little used. Keeffe' 8,-285 O'Farrell.
OFFICES A>D STORKS TO LET.
TO Let — Butcher shop, with fixtures. Apply
502 Post st. ¦ _^
PERSOXALS.
A LONG STORY MADE SHORT— A wrinkled
face porltlvely restored to Its former contour;
Flmpie, harmless, scientific method shown on
the living face; permanency guaranteed. Call
cr write for book, "Hints on Beauty," free.
M. ELLA HARRIS. 7S1 O'Farrell St.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1333 Polk
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
fkilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
OLD carpets of all kinds woven Into beautiful
and durable rugs; any else desired. Phone
Red 7122. The Oakland Fluff Rug Factory,
SC2 Market St., Oakland. Cal.
SCALP treatment given by a lady to produce
growth- of hair; . hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
and evenings: best of references. Hotel
Atlanta. 452 Ellis st.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness drains, varicocele,
etc.; easily worn: $2 50 postpaid: physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 110 Geary.S.F.
A GUARANTEE^ TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than coet: uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ASK your druggist for the Marquis Hair Tonic;
It la Ihe best.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mra.Dr.A.W.Travers, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 CO^
Misfit Clothlng^arlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
Actina restcres lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. MJss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1. at all druggists'.
PAA.M1STRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor St., near Geary. Phone Black 561.
__ _ ; ' ¦BATTsra.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND Sl'RGKOXS.
DR. cTc. 6'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 % Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
PR. BALL. 1O7.{% Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM.- herb doctor;
treats all dlseues of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
. Tal. herb doctor, curee all diseases of human
by use of herbs and toas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay st.
. BOHPS^jPOa SAI.E.
BONDS for sale — Notice Is hereby given that
ceak-4 bldi, will be received until 2 o'clock
p. m., Saturday. May 28, 1904, by the Board
of Control of the Territory of Arizona at the
office of said board In the City of Phoenix.
Arizona for the sale of Ten Bonds of ina
•(nomination of One Thousand Dollars eA»h
f bearing date January 1, 15)04. due and pay-
able January 1. 1854, bearing Interest at ihe
rate Cf nve per cent (5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five yeara. Issued by the Tar-
ritory of Arixona, in accordance with the
provisions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-seo-
end Legislative Assembly o t said Territory,
and which act has been aporoved by th»
Congress of the United States. Interest oa
t aid bonds will be paid «eml- a nnually on
the first day of January and July of each
/car. and both principal and Interest payablt
In gold coin of the United States at thi of-
fice of the Treasurer of said Territory, a
certified check : of a responsible bank for 3
per cent of the amount of th» bid. payable
. to : the order of E. E. KIrkland. Territorial
Treasurer, and a' copy of this advertisement
must accompany sach bid. Failure of bidder
to make payment In full upon allotment and
tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
. must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix Arizona, and marked
"Proposals for purchase of .Insane Asylum
Bond* " ..¦¦-¦-. ' -' i ...
*E\VI.\G. MACHINES AM) SCI'PI.IE*.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at. any
' price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
- tic office. 1021 Market at., near Sixth.
NEW, HOME— See .. our. new triple- feed ma-
chlnee; slightly used; $10, $15. $20; eecond-
• hand, $3, $5. $8: nil styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
" Hin.r WAXTKn— jiai.e— con.
.MUBItAYA READY; tSi and C36 Clay st..
• " J^te-Uins Cmploynunt and Labor Agents.
PHUNE MAIN 5!>iA.
WE BPEAK
. : ANISH. SWISS. FRENCH.
. rKMAN. GREEK. ITALIAN.
• • ,jar Kaue Free. Look — Free Fare
TO STATE OF NEVADA
¦,-..r>cu stay tour months. THAT'S ALL
U. is.. GOTKUKMEXT WORK.
".. 2^5 tv.o-'horst tcamaters. $00.
!M laborers, you'll euii. f»JO.
. \«Ci driller*, n*.-kmen, harumersmen. $75.
.• U.gi.t hours' work daily: hundreds going.
.4 j :urr.bc:*. far t $1 t>u. $5 day. *~-
* *V. heelwrlRhi, oi«'ra?e wheel machine.
* Wbefi.wriRht. 50c fare, .$50 found.
Vi toofwrs. slack work, steady.
jQarriact jjau.ter. sticker hand, country, $4.
"MciiJtT and eticker»hand.
,,.Uang edijerjuan, :are >1. $W to $70 found.
• tfcrtw turner. Sar.ta Clara County. $75.
¦; _'A>r KTfticcrs. lumber company, boss hero,
$2 rtO" to $'.i 5o a day.
, 4 l>ou!>l(---tree thi.pt r and spindle shaper. $3.
4 fchir.gitrs. Jl per M.
EdsennsA. fare *l CO. $45 fcund.
14 !>'.<ifh>t:-.ii::>- and belpeta, $4. $3, $2 day.
• " £<j vtr.cyard and orchard har.dr, $atl. $:M) fd.
St tr.Ukers and better-makers, #-ii» to $00 fd.
It; chore Bicn and bor*. %lj to $oU and found
: MINKS.
' 12 machine miners. $»0.
jm; rooocteppera, all over California.
" HOTEL AND OTHEK DEPAUTMENTS.
' 2t> rooks. $o<<, $40. $5<l $u». >70 and found.
Hi waiters. $25 f J", $40 and found
tb tftohyshns. $::<». $23. $^o $^5 luund.
12 {oner*, bell and elevator boys, $30 to $15.
LAUNDKY.
' 2'3 Uur.drymon .iilterent departments.
. MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS.
TELEPHONE AND LETTER ORDERS.
lA»or moldw. 55c fare, (2 to $3 a day.
. Uttb) f ¦¦¦'¦'¦- shingicr. Ssl-c fare. $4 a uay.
Tenter, ca'sTlairr works*, fare >1 *Ki, f.>0 fd.
. L/opger, arden-tanris ritSir.K, north. |*W fd.
Screw turner. .-¦_•..'.. e&gtrman, couth; hook
- ti-sider, goatii. -
• 2- brick loaders, country. 20c M.
• Vegetable, i&nlener. }3u.
, . a rlumly rs t »4 Cay.
„ Coren-.akcrs i . city, good Job. $3 day.
» ti :.•:..__; paint tra, $12 to $13 week.
. R.'5's Jearn trad«-s. Wea\rrs oa blankets.
FJ'-EE FARE TO ALL.
* 9 BOn.EUMAKEr.S, boss hero. $3 r>0 to $4 .
•• day, time and hiilf overwork, including buard !
and lodging. .
«> Ia.rn.trsi. wives, $70, $M, $50. $40 founi^
Uoustaburt. musician preferred, springs, $30.
r 0 section ?sar.(Js. Tare 5"V, $1 M day.
¦Nest Place* at MUliUAY & READY.
. Best Wares at O34-U3S Clay St.
JBOTCHBBJ auNrcund rr.£Ti, fare $1, $35 found;
" second cook, $4.' found.
J> laborers, swedes. Danes or Norwegians,
° for btj: lumber company. *35 and found.
«3 driller*, city job, $07 50.
Carpenter forcrr.an, *'c fare. $4 day.
2 lathers. b'K fare. $2 CO <Jzy.
= -Hand sawyer, city nlll. $2 I»0 day.
,1H nfiners. jri.M cravrl .nine. $75.
.25 lab-r^rs. fiold Quartz mine, $C7 SO.
5 machine ir.5ner>\ ?tH>.
*lr&r.»r. OOtmtry ::.re. *1 25. f2 .V> day.
¦MA2CUFACTCRIXO COMPANY.
12 lai'crrrt-, :'are SI 50, $00.
12 .Ubi.r*Ts. 2">c rare, $2 day.
UTllEEB SYNDICATE?.
. * 25 laborers, you'll puit. $45 and found.
24 laborer*, mine and yards. ?«<».
'. EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD LUMBEIt JOBS.
BUTCHERS.
Ranch butcher, south, fare $4, $40 and fd.
MARRIED.
; Farmer and wife, fare $1 25, SZ>0 and found.
Farmer and wife, Monterey County, $45 fd.
Tinsmith, factory, fare .*»0c. $3 day.
3 tr.ilkrrs together, fare $1, $30 and found.
Vegetable pard<»rier north. *30 and found.
HAY BALERS.
. 12 hay balers, >*¦ fare. 2r«r ton.
FOREMEN.
.3 tunnel foremen, bnrs here.
FREE FARE-.VCT'ADA.
1T.3 driller*. Government work.
; 105 headennen. Government work.
LOOK.
Edgerman. lumtT company, $.3 day.
• -2 pp-interp arid pajwr hanger?, city. $3 day.
. ;.«-¦. cement flr.lsher free fare, 34 .day.
MURK AY & READY. f?A-GW Clay st.
•2 CARPENTERS ROt far*. $3 RO day.
¦.•••2 lather*, chy .1<-h. (290 per M
STABLEMEN.
• *H5 rtabletnen. many togetn-r. country. $35 fd.
. Corral etablemsn. fare $10. $25 and found.
• Stablebcy. cltj- bakery. $U w>-ek.
'• 2 furat.ee laborer* Bt rr.jn-. $3 fare, $40 fd.
HAY HARVEST HANDS.
J55 hayrr.fikrrs and harvest hands, all over
• OaliforR:a; sec us; $1 25. Jl IiO J2 day and fd.
Sheep Tierdrr, $.50 and found.
JJutcher and eausuge-rr.aker. fare $1 25, $40
£.sd i : : .
LOOK.
¦ Machinist*, roller grinder: fireman, oil burn-
¦ w; fireman, dredger, do little blacksmithinff.
- $10 and ¦•••„-.
J=tone mason, rough rubble work, $3 day.
LOOK.
Porter, large city wholesale house. $8 to $10
•_ wtek.
3 younj; men, city factor}'. $6 week-
YdtaBg man, city office, work typewriter, $6
*eek.
leaker's helper, also third hand, fare 30c. $35
' . bt.A found.
4 waiters, country hotel, $35 and found.
t! bedmekers. $25; fourth hand on bread. $30
and found.
. Young man, labeling, liquor house, $7 to $8
week.
MURRAY & READY. 654-63C Clay st.
, a^ontractorF^empIoTmext
AGENCY,
C35 Washington pt., near Kearny.
T'hone Jatne* 3301. L W. CUTTING & CO.
• 2 second »«inr*T», $50 and found; brad
• lineman. $M> to $W> and found: 2 spool tend-
..ers, K.V end found; C Swedish lumber pilers.
. $2 to $2 50 day. north. **e boss here; •?
' | ourjc men. lumber mfg. co.. $1 SO to $2
day near city: 3 boyp to learn cash end door
trade; 5 hay hands, Sonoma Co.; 5 planlng-
mi!l mm; 2 milkers: 10 laborers. lumber R.
Ii.. north. $'«0; 5 laborers; also ten 2-horse
limner*. *2 day. new R. R.. FREE FARE.
ah!p to-day: hundreds cf other Jobs; us.
' AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
.• • 95 THIRD ST.; telephone Main 5521.
t ' Laundry washers. bl;i hotel $40 and found.
• 3 men for ma kins roads, $2.
<~ot»k for small summer report. $35 fcund.
fc Men for pipe line. lonr Job. $2 $2 25.
I.sbrrers and teamster*. $2. free fare.
. " Woodchor-p«-rs, 4 ft. pine. $1 50 cord.
. t l 'oodchorpftT8, shlnple bo!ts. $1 £0 cord.
Ranch hand*. $1 50 and found, north.
Milker. $33, clo?e to city. 2S cow».
Milker. f.TO and found. 12 cow*, north.
Cabinet -makers and bench hands, $3 50.
Hundred other Jobs.
HOKD 4- SMITH.
= A3CHRC8 Office. 317 Stockton et.— Fnr mill,
short distance- '•our.try. 6 yonns men for Ben- ¦
• ral work. $1 50 to $2 a day; sticker men,
I>lanr:rtn<ru, woodturners, glacier*, millmcn,
etc.; fcr.pasemente made in the city.
ANDRE'S Office. S17 Stockton Ft. — Second cook.
ST5; waiter. $10 a week; dishwasher, resort.
TZT>: yaunir man to learn wa!tlnj?, S15 to $20
a mor.th; micht porter and help waiting 1 , $7
•a week; porter for family hotel. $30; young
man for indoor work, $30; irardener. private ,
- lrlace, country. $40; stableman, private place.
$30; vrgMableir.an. $30; man to milk some
/ cows, cook for two men, $23, etc.
YOUNG, risfcle sales and office man not over 30
for irr. porting house in Shanghai. China; 5
. years' engagement. Apply with written ap-
r'-lratlon In person. C. R. HAN'SEN. 42»
• l»j»h et.
A— «0TEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
. n&T porter, country. *3O; silverman, $25,
', colored waiter. $.S2: second cook. $40.
WANTED— Bright boy of IS or IS years to as-
sist In sfeck room of our furninhlng goods
department, g. N. WOOD ft CO.. 740 Market.
' GOOD coatmakert and batters. S. N.~WOOD
f» Geary rt. '
•GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 025 Golden
KJate ave., room 7. for .free Information as
to jiositluiis, salaries, age limlu. etc.; day
• * or evenlrrs. - I
EXPERIENCED salesman for gentlemen's fur- |
nishltig goods. Apply, ctating experience, |
rrference* and salary expected, .box 853. Call! !
EXPERIENCED trunk and traveling bag «ale»-
man. Apply, stating experience, references '
end salary expected, box BJ2. Call office.
ERRAND beys wanted! MARKS BROS. 1220
Market st.
BOY apptentJo in barber trade; p«ld while
- learning. 410 Bay, bet. Mason and Taylor.
WANTED — Flrrt-class carrrlage pointer. 1110
•Bstt«ry «it.
SOLICITORS wanted. Apr!y 819 Market st.,
rocm 29.
FIR^T-CLA?." barber wanted at Fr<»t and
Clay cts.; short hour.*; wages $16.
WANTED— A difhwasher at 1209 Mason st.
GOOD reneral taller. 3310 Mission St.. N.
_I'ERf-ICO.
BARBER wanted evenings. Saturday and Sun-
day. Call at 8 o'clock. 479 Ninth st.
A GOOD dishwasher wanted at 23 Turk St., '
_JPark Hotel.
GOOD sober barter Wednesday evening, 88t-
urUay and Sunday. 2032 Mission et.
WANTED— A night porter. 228 Kearny «t.
liARUERS — Wanted, first-class short-hour
man. 173S Market Bt.
WANTED^- A first-class waiter. 29 Stockton
street.
BABBER wasted. IZiS Mission et.
IIKI^JVVA.VTED MALE— Con.
AT THE CAL. EMP? AGENCY "~"
14 Third st. near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
THE STATE OF NEVADA
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
2.. tcamrters. $ii7 50 a month.
15 laborers. ?t0 a month.
flO drillers, rcckmen. hammersmen $75. *
10 tunnc-Jmen, $3 a day.
Tunnel foreman, R. R., south. $100 a month
and found.
SAWMILL CREW.
Screw turner. $55 and board.
Head trimmer. $50 and board.
Second trimmer, $40 ar.d board.
Board puller. $43 and board.
5 eection hands, pawrr.il!. $a5 and found.
10 lumber pilers. $35 to $40 and found.
3 gasoline launch engineers, near city, $12 to
$15 a week.
4 hay teamsters. $1 50 a day and beard.
1 haymaker, $1 50 and harveFt $2 a day.
. Cook, hotel near city. $40 and found.
WOODS CREW.
2 barkers. $45 and board.
2 Wheel teamsters, $G5 a month.
EJgerman, sawmill, cast, $3 25 a day and
board.
5 woodchoppers. pine, 4 fert, Jl 25 cord.
Woodturner, near city. $3 r>Q a day.
8 orchard and vineyard hands, Sonoma Coun-
ty. $2U and board.
2 planer hands. $3 day.
2 sticker hands $3 a day.
6 boys, IS to 21 years. $1 50 to $2 a day.
0 factory men, steady Job, $2 a day.
10 bciler-maktr?, ${ to $4. board and lodging-;
Ff-ady Job guaranteed; free fare.
Coatmaker piece work, city. JG to $S.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st.
WANTED for U. S. army, able-bodied u'n-
rt'iirrletf men, between aces of 21 and 33:
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter an! temperate habits, who can epeak,
reed and write English. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. Rialto building.
New Montgomery ft.. San Francisco, or 1023
Second Ft.. Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — 1 or 2 men to learn a good trade;
can get employment the year ro'Jnd; $25 re-
quired. 310Vi Folsom st. upstairs.
WANTED — Brick layers and terra cotta set-
ters. New Fairmont Hotel.
FINE 3-chair barber Ebop; doing good busi-
ness; certra'.ly located. Bex 933. Call office.
ALL
M-n to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
t-:cht weeka required: positions secured; con-
stant rractlce and expert instruction; special
ntfer atvj catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE, 035 Clay st.
WANTED — Three first-class carriage black-
. smiths and three first-class body makers:
good wages and steady employment to right
parties Apply A. MEISTER & SONS CO..
Sacramento, Cal.
SALESMEN wanted to sell nursery stork:
carh advanced weekly; write Immediately for
territory before It Is all assigned. CHICO
3XUBSEBY CO.. Chico. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Housv,
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
BARBERS — First-class 2-chair Fhop and bath.
cigar stand and laundry office for F*!e cheap:
a fine opportunity. Box 54. Campbell. Cal.
SOBER German, steady, references, handy,
tend bar. wine house; married preferred.
Box 938. Call office J
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade, tree of charge. Western College of
Barbers. 647 Commercial st.
TRY our men'e fhoes. union made, at Jl and
$1 5o pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
exjirrss or mall charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
EXPERIENCED German boy for grocery Btore;
must furnlfh city references. 413 Geary st.
BRIGHT strong boy in a wholesale house;
Ftate ase and references. Box 041, Call.
WANTED — Non-unlcn boliermakers. Call room.
25. '229 Powell et.. 2 to 4 p. m.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S, 27 Steurfrt st
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
chir*. HALLBERT, .'.17 Jackson ft.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls. r.40. Phelan bid!?.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER IIoteT~4~4 Third St., noaTMar^
ket — 70ft rooms; '35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The OaTl for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
or*ned at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sizes men's 5hoes<. slightly damaged, half
price. 503 Mission St., -bet. 1st and 2d sts.
j GET your Fhoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to .V»o. r»C3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
I1OKSK5 AXD WAGO.N'S.
BIG auction rale 120 head of horses Thursday,
May 20. at 11 o'clock at J. B. Horan's sales
yards, ccr. Tenth and Bryant sts. S. WAT-
KINS, auctioneer.
STYLISH family horse, harness and carriage
for sale; suitable for lady to drive: owner
leaving city. Address room 44. 230 Mont-
gom^ry et. ¦
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
on*, surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom ft.
STYLISH road hcrse. suitable for doctor or
business buggy. Apply 2C45 Fifteenth St.,
near Market, between 8 a. m. and 1 p. rn.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Ccr.tra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S. F.
LIGHT Furrey; good order; cheap. 2955 Sacra-
mento st.
.FOR «ale — A black horse; a good driver. j0x
173, Call office.
WANTED^ — A good pound horse; broke to drive
and to the Eaddle. Box 155. Call.
DRIVING horse for sale; biack; ti years old;
sound and gentie. Box 143, Call office.
TWO second-hand platform spring wagons, one
3-ton, one 4^4 ton, one truck. 223 Bcale st.
FOR «ale — Young horse; good driver. Box
3»70. Call office.
A BLACK horse for sale; 7 years old; gentle
and cound. Box 3765, Call.
BUGGY horBe for sale, young and gentle.
Box 3S37. Call office.
FOR sale cheap — 100 kinds of surreys, camp
wagons, robber-tire buggies. 1503 Folscm st
ONE pony and buggy or cart and harness for
sale cheap. 1504 Foisom and Eleventh Ft.
HORSES of all grades bought, sold and ex-
changed. H. ATKINSON. 65 Hermann st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15tlf-Va4enc!a.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
BOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN &. CO.. 20 Montgomery.
CAPP; 778 — Modern sunny house of 8 rooms
and basement: a large yard, lawn and fZow-
er*: must be seen to be appreciated.
HOwStSS TO LET — KtK.\:SHEl).
FURNISHED house. 8 rooms, will rent for 2
to 4 months.' $50; call or phon* in forenoons.
2*22 Pine et: phone Pine C91.
HOUSES FURXISHED FOR SALE.
HOUSE. 12 or 22' rooms, for sale, very cheap.
118 Jon»ia Bt. between 12 and 3.
EAtmegsa rog pbe
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
at; for pleasure and business; tel Bush 534.
J. Mlchaelis Launch Co., Union-fit, wharf; boat-
ing Sl excursions. S Steuart st; tel. John 2t&3.
LOST AM) KOU.VD.
LOST— Here Saturday nlcht or Shell Mound
Sunday, gold badge representing Lyra sur-
rounded by 2 flacs and lettered S. S. S.
,Lib«-ral rev.ard to finder at 16 Fifth st.
LO.ST — May 24. a Maltese cat, at Mission and
First sts. Plea*e return same to FRED W.
ALLEN'S saloon at ' the above address and
receive reward.
LOST — Masonic charm, with name of K. C.
Hughes. Liberal reward if left with E. C.
HUGHES. 51 1 ! Sansome st. .
LOST— May 22. 1904. Scotch collie; brown,
witn trace of black In back and tall. Re-
turn to 1C45 Eleventh ave.; reward. '.-
LOST— Gold watch with picture and initials
belonging to party now deceased ; valued as
keepsake. 1174 York st.
LOST— Collie Soil "Jack"; liberal reward".
1400 Golden Gate ave.
$75 REWARD— Heavy ring. 2 diamonds and
emerald; keepsake. ~- Box 918. Call office.
MEDICAL. H
LADIES dfslrlng safe., sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disordere; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. Dr7~WTETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 820 Post at.
MRS. DR. KOHL. rellableTpeclaTlsTfoTalile^
male troubles and irregular! ties; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st, opp. Sth.
DR. G. W.O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 101S Market st
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness—Expert
In obstetrics, female-complaints; inst relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 yra. exper.
DRS. LAMB have moved from Murphy building
to the Muirbead building. 1584 Market St.,
corner Larkin.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises, ia permanently, located at B11A
Leavenworth St., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded: confidential.
DR. EMILIA Fl'NKE, 1416 Sth st. Alameda,
LADIES — Our monthly regulator never fails;
box free. VITA CO., Station A, Detroit. Mich.
DR. ROSEN resides 2005 Folsom st, corner
2flth: ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market
LADIES' Irregularities' cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. Dr. SYLVESTER, 219 Kearny st
YOU can cbtaln relief; women only. DR. R.
H. WESTON. 3C5 Kearny st.
MUTES AHD MiyiNQ.
A GILT edge chance for mining investment: a
limited number of shares of the Osceola Min-
ing and Developing Company (Incorporated)
v. ill be sold at 2ft cents per share; this stock
will go to par ($1 per share) within one year.
For full Information, call or write Osceola
Mining and Developing Company. 414 Cross- !
ley building, San Francisco, Cal.
PARTY with $1SOO or $2000 to Invest In mine;
bear closest Investigation. See owner .to-day
at Golden West Hotel, room 359.
$500 — START gold mining; rich placers; long
kase; new machine; great opportunity.
HALL. OH Sutter t-t. ¦
MJSCELLANEOt;s FOR SAI.B.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
iTANDARD oil rig. tully equipped, and 1500
feet of casing, 11% In. to 7% in.; also 1500
feet of 8 and 6 Inch drive pipe. Apply for
particulars GAFFEY & MAH0N\ 503 Cali-
fornia st.
doe¥T'ovr~roof1Iea1c? ~
liepair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron tia or ehir.gies; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumpe,
pulley*, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
renttd and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
PAINT your old end new metal' and shingle
roofs with A*be»tos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to step all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel Main 142S.
A— FINE suit*. $7 50; dress paints. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny et.
neaj Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton St.
DIAMONDS, watche* and Jewelry for sale on
rmall weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
j J. COOPER, genU' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Pulace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St.; near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY cur men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form Fhoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d et. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FOR tale— Elegant OO-llght bath cabinet; rea-
sonable. Electric Works, 227 Ellis at.
FOR *ale— Great Dane pups. 4 months. C40
Stanyan st.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO..35 Mkt.Tel.Bush S5S.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition. 31
volg. KING'S. 61 McAllister et.. nr. Market.
PIGEONS — All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Bacigalupl,
moved to 7SC Mission st.
SECOND-HAND safes. $55; CO-lnch de"sk, $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. 816 Market St.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
new; 16x16. 310 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
eefy payments. GARIN. 803 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and rash registers, new and second-
hand. I FREEMAN. X 1329 Market st
EOMK good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p., cheap. 13. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, auto' — biles and launches;
• all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4C Fremont st.
MISCELLAXEOyS WA M T *' ~^.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dress suits, --etc. ; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladies' and
gents' castoff clothing; postal. 1)13 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tet
Davis 825; C60 Sacramento st ¦ ¦
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, mold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission; phone Bush 467.
SHOES wanted: misfit it castoff: highest prca.;
p>w fr ?d-*i»nd *hn»m tnr «a1». 740 Ml««1m.
vg MONEY TOjLOAJ^ £
AAA^HERMA^TdURPHY?"" ~
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided -Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust
etc. ; legacies, life estates .and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. .
MANHATTAN . SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 5>* AND 6 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY, OAKLAND,
TOWN and COUNTRY real estate./
Second mortgages, estates in probate, undi-
vided interests in real estate, property In
trust: loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STS.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3rd
Mortgage, on real estate or *
Chattels, in city, town
or country. •
Low rate of interest.
• < •¦ Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
- Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly, on furniture or ptano,
without removal or other, security; no com. ;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., €8 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st
¦HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest Baldwin Jewelry > Store
846 Market: tel. Main 1044. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is. protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY .loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, .teamsters, boarding-houses, without,
security: 'asy payments; large business in
40 principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bldg.
I ALL loan* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
I mn s. v. Collateral Loan Bank. 03S Kearny. j
WMflMl l| f I II II H 1 II II ¦ II W'SMI'SWfc 1 Hill ¦^¦tMIl ¦¦¦¦IISM Ifc I 1 111 ill ¦Afternoon Session.
Board—
BO Honolulu Plantation Co 14 00
Street —
60 Paclno States Tel & Tel Co 100 CO
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2C0 iPrerldlo .....39% —
Geary — CO j
POWDER
Giant t 60% — iViyo A". 4>i
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 25c IKllauea S C. :t 4
Hawaiian C. 49% — »Makawell C. 21 —
Honokaa S C'12% 13 Onomea S C. 24 25
Hutch SPC 9. 9%|Paauhau S C. 13% 14V4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.139 140 lOceanlc 8 Co. 3% 5
Cal F C A. — 100%| Pac Aux FA. 5 6
Cal Wine A. 90% 92 Pac C Borx.165 170
MV& MtTm.100 — j -
Morning Session.
Board—
40 Giant Powder Con 60 75
15 Makawell 21 60
10 Paauhau S P Co.... 14 00
80 8 F Qaj & Electric 61 00
20 8 F Gaa & Electric, b 6 61 00
10 Spring Valley Water Co 37 75
$B.0OO Cal Gas & E Gen M & C T 5s. 82 50
$2,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s 97 37%
$2,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent 111 60
$1,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent.106 75
Street —
$1,000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6 per cent... 110 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Giant Powder Con 60 60
$4,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge)..... 08 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
Bid. Ask.f Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — ICO 8 P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s.ll5 — S P Co 4%s.l0l —
Cal NW 5s.. — 112 Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
M C Wat 53.100 — Do 5s — 106
RIs I Wks5s. — 107% Suttr-st R6a.lO5 113
SF Drdk 6s. — 113% UR of SF 4s. 78% 79
SF & NP 6s. — 112 V4f
, MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S r Co... 24% 27%|Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 80 89 |Nev Nat Bk. — 200
Cal G&ECor. 45 48 N S R R Co. 9U —
Cal Powder. 130 150 N Cal P Co. 10% 11%
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal T I & T.115 130 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk, Oak — C5 IOOF Hall A 6 —
Chutes Co . . 6% 7% Oi-nheum Co.. — 16%
City & C Bk. — 112 Pac Cas Co. 120 —
Cyp L Imp.. 6% — Pac 8 Tel Co.100 —
East Dynm.. — 250 Paraf Paint.. 38 —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 |S F Drydock 60 —
Do com .. — 60 SF&SJ Coal. 25 32%
FN Bk, Oalc.120 — S J Wat Co. — 106
Fischer Thtr 4Oo — SO & MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.lOC — Swlss-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect.. 11 12%
Hono P Co.. 14 — UR InC pfd. 42% 46
Lon& SF Bk. — 60 | Do com ... 9 , —
Morning Session.
Etreet — %
90 Pacific States Tel & Tel CO..10O 00
$6,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 78 75
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked
Alma 100
Apollo 43 ....
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 20
Aztec «0 70
Caribou 4 M>
Central Point Con CO 70
Chicago Crude 21
Claremont C2 04
Four C4 70
Fulton 3 75
Giant 16 ' ....
Hanford 190 00 200 00
Home 1 45 1 50
Independence 27 28
Kern River 10 00
Lion 0*
Monarch (of Arizona) 40
Monte CrlstO 65 70
Oil City Petroleum 68 €0
Peerless 15 00
Reed Crude 1 CO
S F & McKittrlck 3 25
Senator CO 67
Sovereign 40
Sterling 2 80
Superior 03 ....
Thirty-three 8 25
Toltec 21
Twenty-eight 7 50
West Shore 2 60
Associated Bonds 79 00
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp 1 50
Cal Gas & Elec Corp 38 00
Cal Jockey Club 127 60
Cal Shipping Co 20 00
Chutes Company 7 60
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 62% ....
Fischer's Theater 40
Northern Cal Power 11 00 11 25
8ALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Claremont 65
100 Four Oil «7
500 OH City Petroleum 60
100 Sovereign 40
100 Sovereign 80
Street—
600 Independence ". 2 <
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Forty-four OH 65
100 Caribou 4 65
1000 Oil City Petroleum 69
Onions sks ... 199; Chicory, bbls ... 60
Middlings, sks.. 2001 Quicksilver, flks. 413
Hay. tons 2C1, Raisins, bxs ... 250
Wool, bales ... 209|
STOCK MAKKET.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Belcher 35! 250 Ophlr 5 62%
600 Chollar 17 300 Overman 3tt
400 Crown Point. 24 100 Silver Hill .. 63
100 Exchequer ... 38 100 Union Con .. 66
100 Mexican 1 70 300 Yellow Jacket. 25
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 18 200 Mexican 1 70
600 Bullion 00 100 Savage 34
600 Bullion 10 100 Savage 33
100 Bullion 11 600 Scorpion 14
100 Chollar 17 200 Union Con .. 66
100 Exchequer .. 39 100 Yellow Jaoket. 25
100 Gould & Cur. 29 500 Yellow Jacket. 26
700 Kentuck 05
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE:
Following were the sales on tha Paclno
Stock Exchange yesterday:
• Morning Session.
. 100 Caledonia ... 7«| 100 Mexican .....175
100 Caledonia ... 75| 500 Overman 39
400 Con NY 03| 200 Seg Belcher .. 13
100 Crown Point. 22 1 200 Silver Hill .. 68
500 Crown Point. 23f 600 Yellow Jacket. 20
100 Hale &. Norc. C2|
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 12 200 Potosl '. 19
300 Alpha 12% 200 Seg Belcher .. 14
100 Con C tc. V.I 07% 300 Sierra Nev .. 44
100 Confidence ...120 200 Union Con .. 6«>
100 Julia 0T| 300 Yellow Jacket. 20
200 Overman .... SS| ,
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following wera the sales on the San Fran
dsoo and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2000 Brunswick .. 15 1200 Mont Ton ...155
1000 Brunswick .. 14 1000 Ray * O'B.. 05
1000 Esperanza ... 01 400 Ton Midway.. 87
Afternoon Session.
100 Evelyn 80t 100 Ray Ton .... Zt
200 MacNamara . 18 100 Ton Belmont. 63
600 Mont Ton..l 67 %| 600 Ton Belmont.. 62
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. May 21 — 1 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha : 13 14 Justice 11 13
Alta 07 00 Kentuclc 04 06
Andes 18 20 Keyes Graes.. —100
Belcher 33 34 Lady Wash .. — 06
Best & Belch.l 60 1 70 Mexican 1 TO 1 75
Caledonia ... 72 75 Occidental ... 80 82
Challenge Con 22 24 Ophir 6 87% 6 CO
Chollar 10 18 Overman 38 39
Confidence ...1 10 1 25 Potosl 18 18
Con C & Va.1 65 1 70 Scorpion 14 18
Con Imperial. 02 03 Savage 83 34
Con N Y .... 03 04 Seg Belcher .. 12 ¦ 14
Crown Point. .22 23 Sierra Nev ..43 45
East Sierra N 03 05 Silver Hill . . 67 BSl
Eureka Con.. — 50 SU'Louls .... 09 10
Exchequer .. 39 41 Syndicate 04. 05
Gould & Cur. 29 30 Union Con . . 65 66
Halo & Norc. 61 65 Utah 06 0s
Julia 07 08 Yellow Jacket. 24 26
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Colehan — 07 Paymaster ... — 12
Esperanza ... — 01 Ray Ton .... 11 14
Gold M Con. 01 03 Ray & OBrlen 04 06
Hannapah M. 25 — Rescue 05 06
Jim Butler .. 30 — Ton Belmont.. .62 63
Little Ton . . 35 ' — Ton Exten . .1- 10 1 15
Lucky Tom.. — 15 Ton Gold M. — 16
MacNamara . IS 19 Ton of Nev.. 7 50 —
Mlzpah Ex .. 10 — Ton N Star. . 26 80
Mont Ton..l 55 1 67% Ton Midway.. 35 8T
Dull Times Still Prevail on the
Stock Exchanges.
Yesterday was another quiet day In stocks,
and with the exception of an advance of 60c In
Ophlr there was nothing especially new. Giant
Powder sold off to $G0 50. The oil stocks con
tinued quiet. '
The California Gas and Electric Corporation
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 25c,
amounting to $37,500, payable June 15.
The General Electric Company has declared
a regular quarterly dividend of $2 per share,
payable July 15.
The Calumet & Hecla Mining Company has
declared a quarterly dividend of $10 per share.
There are now 22 railroad carloads of Ophir
ore on the way or at the local reduction works
awaiting sale, two more carloads having Just
been snipped.
Late assessments are: Roberts OH Company,
3c. delinquent June 20; Fresno-San Francisco
OH Company, %c, June 16.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..lOG%107%|4s qr cp new.132%133%
4s V reg... 106% 107% | 3b qr coup.,.105%106%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. /
Ala A W Ss.101 — Oak T Co 6s. — 119U
Bay CPC 6s.l01 102 Do 6 — 112U
Cal C G Os.100 105 Do con 6s. — 102^
Cal G & E g Oceanlo S 6s. — 73
m & ct 6s. 82% — Om Cable 6s. — 123^
Cal-st C 6s.llfl%117% Pao G Im 4s. 91% 95%
C C Wat Ds. — 101 P E Ry Bs.104%100
Ed L & P 6s — 128 P &. C H Cs.105 —
F & C H Cs.114% — P & O K 63.116 —
Geary-st 6s.. — 82 Powell-st 6s. — 114
H C&S 5% s.l 00 — Sao EG&R5s. 96 93
Do Bs 97 97% SF & SJV6s.ll6% —
Hon R T 6s.lO4% — Sierra R 6s. 110 —
L A Elec 6s. — 106 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. 111% — (1900) 108 109
L A L Co 0s — — (1910) 109 —
Do gtd 6s. — . — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — 105 (1005)Sr A.101% —
LAP lem 5S.101 — (1905)Sr B.102% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 119% (1006) .....104% —
Do lem 6s.ll4 — (1912) — 116
MV& MtTSs.101% — SPC 1 eg Ca.110 —
NRR of C6s.lOC% — Do stmpd.. — 103
Do 5s ....116%117 S P B R 6s.l31% —
N P C R 6s. — 100 S V Wat 6s. 104^103
N C Ry 5s. 100 — Do 4s 2dm. 98 08%
N C P C Ji 09%102% Do 4s 3dm. 98 99%
N S R R 5s. — .. 97% Stkn G&ECs. — 100
O G L&H Ss.107 — U G & E 5s. — 105
O W gtd 6s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36 40 I Port Costa...— —
Marln Co... — 62%1S V Wat Co. 87% 37%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4 IS F G & E. 60% 61%
Mutual E L. 12 12%IStkn G & E. ' 6>4 0
Pac L Co... 66% — |U G & E Co. 33
INSURANCE. : >-'/-/V-
Flrem's Fnd.300 340 f !
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l20 — fL P & A.. ..150 160
Anglo-Cal .. «3% 87 {Mer Trust.... 200 —
Bank of Cal.426%430 tMorch Ex.... 60 — *
Cal Safe Dp.145 147%|SF Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — j
- ; SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2280 2330 ISav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — I Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — lUnlon T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.625 — . .
TUESDAY, May 24—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
REALt ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY, MAY 24.
Spring Valley Water Company to George M.
Perlne, lot on SW corner of Chestnut"»nd Lar
kin streets. W 137 by 8 137:6: $17,600. .
Bartlett Doe to Laura F. M. -Dos. lot on E
corner of, Laguna street, 74 N of California.
E.85:7%, N 15, E 17:6, N 43:6, W 103:1%, S
68:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to William
P. Lenf estey, lot on NW corner of Green and
Laguna streets, W 26 by N 100: ¦$— — .
*¦ Same. to Rose Dugan, lot on E line of Web
ster street, 61 S of Jackson. S 25:6 by E
80: $ . ', - ¦ ¦ ' - ¦ .-'¦
¦ T. and Alice M. Brown to Carmen. U. Dun
phy, lot on E line of Webster street, 61 N of
Washlnston, N 25:6 by E 80;. $10. . .
Sarah D. Crowley (Blngle) to same, lot on E
Yonngr Editor Tendered Banquet by
rromincnt Men at Bohemian
Club as Token of Ksteem.
"William Irwin. Sunday editor of the
Chronicle, was given a banquet last
night at the Bohemian Club by ad
miring friends, who desired in that
wny to show the gifted journalist a
mark of their appreciation before he
takes his departure for New York
City.
Mr. Irwin leaves San Francisco Jun«
1 for the gre~' metropolis, where he
will follow his journalistic bent on the
New York Sun. Naturally his going
from these r>art3 served for the theme
of the speeches which were made In
his honor.
While all wished him well, there was
a bis minor tor" significantly expres
sive of regret at his forthcoming de
parture. -'¦ * ; \ i/ '
The company aroiind the banquet
board consisted or the following:
named: \
Gordon Ross. Dr. J. Wilson Shiels Peter
Robertson. Laurie Dunten. Dr. Russ-ell J. Cool.
Professor Lnndfleld. W. M. Sims. Dr. J. Dent*
Arnold. R. R. *Hale. James H. Graham, K M.
Hotalins, T. P. Deerinar. Robert I. Aitken.
Rothwoll Hyde F. J. Koster. David Atkins.
JTdsar Mathews.. C. S. Aiken. Kruce Porter.
Thtmas Penr.ell. T. V. Bakewell. Chester
Fernald. Leonard Ch<»nery. L. Maynard Dlxon.
Lie yd Orbourn W. II. Smith. liurbank Somers.
Oecnre Sterling. Harry Lamberton Herman.
Scheffauer Porter Garnett, H. J. Maglnnlty.
J. D. Leighton. J. F. Martlnes. Clarence \V en
dell Rufus Jennings. C. K. Bonestell. R. J-
Teusslg. C. K.- Field. H. J. McCoy, Ernett
Simpson Georse Mastlck.
Letters of regret for Inability to at
tend were received from Professor
Ferrand of Stanford University. Mr.
Irwin's aimer mater; Professor Armes,
Berkeley, and John McNaught.
APPRAISE MISS CLARK'S ESTATE.— Th»
estate of the late Isabella D. Clark, tha
wealthy younK woman who committed suicide
at McNutt's Hospital last year,' was appraised
yesterday at $53«>.44t>. It consists of jewelry
worth $7109 cash In bank $27lKl and realty
worth $544,544.
When the noise had subsided Judge
Troutt put the case over a week, sug
gesting that in the meantime Kawal
kowski make some provision for hia
children.
The entire Kawalkowskl family,
consisting of Frank Kawalkowski and
his nine children, took part in a live
ly scene in Judge Troutt'3 court yes
terday during the hearing of the suit
of Martha Kawalkowskl, the defend
ant's eldest daughter, to compel him
to support her little brothers and
sisters. As Miss Kawalkowski, after
leaving the witness stand was pass
ing her father, he made some remark,
which caused her to suddenly stop.
She looked at him for fully half a
minute and then screamed and fell in
a faint. The rest of the family rushed
to her assistance and added to tha
noise by talking and shouting.
Kawalkowski is supposed to have a
matrimonial mania and this is the
cause of the trouble. He has been ex
amined as to his sanity, but has never
been committed. His children say ha
does not support them because he
spends his time and money in the pur
suit of some woman to take the place
of their mother, who died in June,
1902.
HYSTERICAL WOMAN BREAKS
UP A SESSION OF COURT
FEDERAL GRAND JURY
RETURNS INDICTMENTS
Albert Marck Hauler, Who Stole
Gol-.l From the Mint. Will
Plead Guilty.
The United States Gnn'l Jury re
ported to United States District Judg?
de Haven yesterday imlktrr.ents as fol
lows: Albert Marck Hauser, for steal
ing $400 worth of gold metil from
the United States Mint in this city.
The second count charges Hauser with
having embezzled the gold. The third
count charges him with having feloni
ously carried away from the melter
and refiner of the Mint the gold men
tioned. Hauser intends to plead
guilty.
Lucinda Dixon, an Indian girl, was
Indicted for raising a postal money or
der for $2 50 to $20 at Redding on
March 23.
The jury ignored the charge against
Andrew Anderson, master of the ship
Poplar Branch, of having allowed a
Chinese laborer to land in the United
States.
Judge de Haven dismissed with
costs .the libel of Con Charlton and
others against the steamship Indiana.
Robert Mlnter withdrew his plea of
not guilty to an indictment charging
him with intent to defraud Mark T.
Fisher and E. Heritage by falsely rep
resenting through the United States
postofflce that if they paid him , 25
cents in stamps and $1 "in silver he
would furnish them with employment
at their homes at a compensation of
$10 a week. Minter was ordered to
appear next Saturday for sentence.
EXPECT CONTROVERSY WILL
SOON COME TO AN END
Boot and Shoo Workers Hope That
Vice President lively Will
Settle Differences.
Great hopes are entertained by the
boot and shoe workers that now that
Vice President Lovely is here the dif
ferences existing between them and
their late employers will be adjusted to
the satisfaction of all concerned.
Inasmuch as the disagreement orig
inated over the introduction of mod
ern machinery and was not a ques
tion of wages or hours, it is thought
there will not be much in the dispute
to ¦ settle.
The visit to this city of the delegates
to the American Federation of Labor
Is attracting much attention. The fol
lowing committees have been ap
pointed: •
President, O. A. Tveltmoe; secretary. John
Kean; treasurer, John E. McDouzald. Elab
orate arrangements •will be made to entertain
the delegates. The following sub-committees
were appointed :
Ways and meaim — Michael Casey, Thomas
Parkinson. C. E. Fiske, M. W. Coffey. John
P. B. Jones, J. X. Coups, John E. McDougald,
J. H. McCarthy and George B. Benham.
Entertainment and programme — Rudolph
Speck W. R. Hagerty, Richard Thane, C. J.
Kelly. J. O. Walsh, W. T. Colbert and Edward
L. Nolan.
The stereotypers and electrotypers
will give their seventh annual picnic
at El Campo on Sunday.
The following table gives a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet per
second, or second feet. The figures for tha
last year may be revised' by later measure
ments. The figures are by S. G. Bennett,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
FLOW OF CALIFORNIA RIVERS.
Una of Webster street, 76:6 N- of . Washington,
N 25:0 by E 80:7; $10.
Edward F. Franks to George M. Wagner,
lot on S .line of Halght street, 100 E of. Web
ster, E 25 by S 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to John
P. Roche, lot on N line of Fell street, 192:0
W of Steiner, W 27:6 by N 137:«: $ .
Same to Elizabeth Flynn, lot on N line of
Bush street, 55 E ot Kcott, U Zt.G by N 137:0;
»10. -,
William Crowley to Lorenzo and Louis
Lorenzlnl, lot. on S line of Clay street. 131:3
E of Devlsadero, E 25 by S 127 :8&; $10.
City, and County of San Francisco to Morris
Heyman. lot on SW corner of Union and Scott
streets. W 137:0. S 137:0, E 27:6. N 85, B-lI'O,
N 62:6; $ .
Same to Jeremiah T. Burke, lot on S line of
Greenwich street. 119:11 W of Scott. W 2:5.
S 16:5 73.100 NE to beginning; $ .
Lorenzo Gotelll to Kate Gotelll. undivided
one-half of lot on S line of California street.
220 E of Broderick, E 27:6 by S 187:6: $10.
John and Mary Lee to Henry M. Whltely,
lot on S line of Broadway, 150 W of Brodertck
street. W 68:9 by S 127:8%; $10.
Rebecca Montgomery to Bernard. Bette, un
divided one-third of lot on NE corner of Ful
ton street and Central avenue, E 66:3, by N
100; $10.
Same to Otto Bamann, undivided two-thirds
of same: $10. ¦•
James C. Jordan to Harry C. Newhall, lot
on 6 line of California street, 120.625 E of
Michigan avenue, E 25.13, S 114.37, W 25, N
111.82; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Heln
rlch J. Muller. lot on E line of Stevenson
street, 160 S of Hermann, S 28 by E
77:6; $
Same to Mary Whitney, lot on W line of
San Carlos avenue, 135 N of Eighteenth
strtet, N 25 by W 80; $ .
Charles and Cordelia E. le Ga to Hanna
Stnnquist. lot on E line of Landers street,
200 8 cf Fourteenth, S 50 by E 125; $10.
ITortense Brlsnardello to Robert and Jamea
H. C. Caley, lot on N line of Fifteenth street.
25 W of Dolores. W 26 by N 89; $10.
Estate of Laurenee Felvy (by Catherine
Felvy, administratrix) and Catherine Felvy to
C. A. Doyle and W. A. Pryal, lot on W Una
of Harrison street 350 8 of Twenty-fourth,
S 50 by W 112:6; $2100. •
Ltzxie C. Van Fleet et al. to Henry J.
Crocker, lot on SE line of Mission street. 150
SW of Fourth, SW 73., SE 160. NE 23. NW
70. NE 50, NW 90; $l6.
Henry J. Crocker , to Lizzie C. Van Fleet
(wife of W. C.) Fannie C. McCreary (wife of
R. C.) and Julia C. Buckbee (wife of S. G.).
lot on NW line of Mission street, 225 SW of
TMrd. SW C5 by NW 1C0; $10.
Carrie C. Green (wife of F. H.) to same and
Henry J. Crocker, lot on NW line of Mission
street. 225 SW of Third, SW 55 by NW 160:
also lot on SE line of Mission street, 150 SW
of Fourth SW 73 by SE 100; $10.
Henry J. Crocker et al. to Carrie C. Green
(wife of F. H.),.lot on NE line of Main street,
137:6 NW of Howard, NW CS:9 by NE 137:6;
$10.
William and Hannah Dorgan to Alralra C.
Perkins, lot on SE line of Mission street, 75
NE of Sixth. NE 60 by SE 80; $10.
Hannah Keesing to F. O. Llljenberg. re
rcccrd 1852 D. 128, lot on W line of Potrero
street. 129 S of Nineteenth, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Edward W. and Mathilda Kern to Charles
J. Kern, same; $10.
Mary A. Itrlch to Ernest E- and Margaret
Zimmerman, lot on E line of Potrero street,
185:0 N of Sixteenth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Frank A. Smith.
1st on W line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 250 N
of Lake street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
James R. and Avellna G. de Watson to
Charles A. King-, lot on NTS corner of Second
avenue and Lake street, E CO. N 88, W 60,
S 02; $10
Albert Meyer to John Bell, lot on E line
of Twenty-first avenue, 100 N of I street, N
50 by E 120; $10.
Emlle and Maud Million to Clara M. Perkins,
lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue, 250 N of
I street. N 25 by E 10O: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Cal-
Iaghan Estate. Company (a corporation), lot
on N line of H street, E of Thirteenth avenue,
S of I street and W of Fourteenth avenue; also
lot on SW comer of I street and Fifteenth ave
nue, W 255, S 118:1, NE 255:9. N 07:11^; also
lot on SW corner of Seventeenth avenue and I
street, W 240, S 166:11%, NE 240:0, N 148:0>/a;
John T. Connolly to Mary J. Connolly, lot
on E line of Thirteenth avenue. 300 3 of L
street. S 25 by E 120; gift.
Annie W. and Victor E. Mathews to H. O.
Pixley lot on W line of Thirty->ninth avenue,
800 S of V. street, S 25 by W 120; $ ..
Mary J. Robinson to Ernest A. Small, lot
on NE corner of Olmstead and Harvard streets,
E 120 by X 100. lot 5. block 107, University
Homestead; grant.
Mary I*. MacCrellish to Domenico and Joseph
Cuneo, lot on SE line of San Jose avenue.
137:4% SW of Twenty-ninth street, SW 25. SE
1U1:O%. NE 25:614. NW 165:10%. being lot
12. MacCrellish subdivision of Precita Valley;
$10.
Same to Charles A. Sankey Jr., lot on E
line of San Jose avenue. 162:4% S of Twenty
ninth street, S 2S, E 156:2%. NE 25:5%. W
101:0%, lot 11. MacCrellish subdivision of Pre
cita Valley: $10.
Charles R. Belz to Edward T. Teazell. lot
on N line of .Precita, avenue. 603:10% E of
Mission street. N 175, E 1:10%. SE 20:2%. S
164:2%. W 25:8%. Precita Valley: $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Bernhard Getz.
lot on NW line of Athens street, 125 NE of
Persia. NE 25 by NW ICO, block 64, Excelsior
Homestead: $10.
Charles H. and Mary C. Williams to William
R. Towne lot on S line of Seventeenth street
at dividing line of lots 7 and 8, block Y, Park
Lane Tract 3, W 25 by S SO. .lot 8. block Y,
Park Lane Tract 3; $10.
Martin Weaver to Rick de Bernardl, lot 250,
Spring Valley Homestead Association: $10.
Eliza M. Upton to C. August Welhe, lot on
NE line ot Twenty-seventh avenue. 150 NW of
I street. NW 75 by NE 100. block 493, Bay
View Homestead; $10.
J. K. Wilson. William P. Johnson. L. I.
Cogwill (trustees). Sather Banking Company
and San Francisco National Bank to Oliver C.
Stine, lots 1770 to 1787. gift map 4; $10.
Oliver C. Stlne to Metropolitan Improvement
Company, same; $10. '
Builders' Contracts.
Somers tc Co. (owners) -with R. Fahy (con
tractor), architect owner — AH work for a one
story frame hay barn on lot on SW corner of
Sixth and Irwln streets; $5773.
S. N. Wood & Co. (owners) with Moller &
Bass (contractors), architects Copeland &
Pelrce and "W. O. Banks — Alterations and ad
ditions to building on lot on W side of store
at 740 Market street, now occupied by S. N.
Wood & Co.; |1695.
S Robert C. Clark and Daniel J. Reeng (own
ers), with William H. Mastell (contractor),
» architect — All work for two frame cot
tapes on lot on N line of Twenty-second »treet,
25 E of Worth, E CO by N 95; $4000.
James Donovan (owner) with J. M. 8hay &
Sons (contractors), architect J. F. Dunn — All
work except excavating, brick work, plumb-
Ing and gas fitting for a one-story frame resi
dence on lot on N line of Golden Gate avenue,
25 E of Central avenue, E 25 by N 100: $2240.
Jane Curtln (owner) with John Flaherty
(contractor), architects Martens & Coffey —
All work except mantels, shades, gas fixtures,
plumbing and painting for a four-story and
basement frame building on lot on S line of
O'Farrell street, 49:6 W of Jones, W 44 by.S
6S:!>; J12.645.
i Same owner with Schanz & Grundy (contrac
tors), architects same — Draining, plumbing,
gaa fitting, etc.. for same on same; $2721.
PERSONAL.
Attorney Frank Short of Fresno is
at the Palace.
G. Caetani of Rome arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
T. D. McRath, a grain man of Port
land, is «at the St. Francis.
Frank Bell, a mining man of Tono
pah, is staying at the Lick.
Bishop Thomas Bowers and wife of
Chicago are at the Occidental.
George R. Stewart, a well-known
rancher of Crows Landing, is at the
Lick.
Henry F. Gillig, the well-known
clubman of New York, is at the St.
Francis.
E. P. Colgan, State Controller, is
down from Sacrametno and staying at
the Lick.
Colonel A. Harden, a wealthy cat
tleman of Nevada, and family are at
the Palace.
Lieutenant Governor Alden Ander
son came down from Suisun yesterday
and is registered at the Grand.
United States Senator Thomas R.
Bard and wife arrived froh the East
last evening and are registered at the
Occidental.
G. McM. Ross, superintendent of the
pumping plant on the Comstock mines,
is down from Virginia City and reg
istered at the Occidental.
R. L. Booth, a lumberman of
Eugene, Or., and wife, who have been
visiting Southern California, arrived
at the Palace yesterday on the way
home.
Airs. Emma L- Hunt, daughter of
Hon. Dan T. Cole, coiner of the local
United States Mint, has gone to Santa
Barbara, where she will locate at the
Hotel Potter. Mrs. Hunt will be ac
companied by her son Harry. .
Californians In New York.
NEW YORK, May 24. — The fol
lowing Californians are registered
here: From San Francisco — T. Cook,
at the Herald Square; H. J. Grauer
holz, at the Grand Union; H. F. Har
rington, at the Wolcott; S. Harshbar
ger, at the Cumberland; H. M.
Naughton, at the Woodward; J. H.
Prior and wife, at the Continental; L.
W. Storrer, at the Wolcott: A. . L.
Thomas and wife, at the Holland.
From San Jose — E. T. Sawyer, at
the Broadway Central.
From Los Angeles — C. Hesse Ken
yon, at the St. Denis; C. L. Lewis, at
the Wolcott; Mrs. R. M. Read. H. A.
Poole and wife. A. Wilson and wife,
at the Grand Union. •
Examination for Carriers.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion at Vallejo on June 4 for the posi
tion of clerk and carrier in the post
offlce service at Vallejo. Age limit, 18
to 45 years. Apply to the secretary
of the Consolidated Board of Exam
iners, 301 Jackson street, San Fran
cisco, or to the auxiliary secretary at
the postofflce at Vallejo for applica
tion form 101, which should be prop
erly executed and filed with the aux
iliary secretary at Vallejo on or be
fore the hour of commencing business
June 4, 1904. at 9 o'clock a. m.
Appointed Sub-Carriers.
The following persons from the
civil service list have been appointed
by Postmaster Fisk as substitute car
riers: -Floris J. Antonovich, James G.
Lee, Alfred E. Belling, Harry ' E.
Trask, John P. Mulhern, John M. Mc-
Laughlin, James E. Mulhare, Byron
S. Lcmmon and John J. Flanagan.
.'••* Second Feet.
DATE.
1903. 1904.
May 8 12.770 24.8S0
May 9..... 12.090 24.460
May 10 % 12.090 24,040
May 11 '. 11.750 23.620
May 12 11,430 23.2C0
May 13 11.110 22.7S0
May 14.. 10,790 22.360
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGb7~~
. . Second Feet.
DATE.
1903. 1904.
May 8 0,600 10,720
May 9 10,340 11.100.
May 10... ,.. 11,480 11.938
May 11.. 11,860 12,050
May 12 11.860 13.478
May 13... 13.400 14.102
May 14 12.620 14' V 378
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
I Second Feet.
May 8 9,filO 9,147.
May 9 11.300 9.724
May 10........... 11.770 10.BH4
May 11 :....; 13,760 *il,770
May 12 M1.WS0 13,«4O
May 13.. 17.200 ! 14,030
May 14..'.. ..'. 17.200 [12.740
TULE RIVER. NEAR PORTERVILLK.
• . ¦ .. -'. Second Keet
] DATE. , ,
•-i. ;. , . / too.;. uot.
May 8.... '.-..¦ ..i 4!>0 > I 315
May 0 .... 4.-MI ! -1t."» -.
May 10 4.-.0 | :cn -
May'll....... 49O j .TIO
May 12..'.....:..... :.. :W0 :{»"»
May, 13...:*... 400 34« r .
May 14..... 490 | 345
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. May 2*.
Stmr Maggie, Cornlnp, 4 hours from Half
ir.oon Boy.
* StnT Aurel!a, Erickson, ~i hours from
Portland.
SAILED.
Tuesday. Slay 21.
Stnr.r EtUabrth. Jesren. Coml.le River
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May ~2t— Strnr
Acme, hence May C;j.
TATOOSH— Passed' in May 24— Sttnr Xcme
City, hence May 23. fcr Seattle. '
WILLIAM IRWTN* HONORED
BY NUMEROUS FRIENDS
THE SAN . FRANCISCO GALL', WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1904.
Continued From Pace 15.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
SACRAMENTO RI^ER AT IRON CANTON.
14
BTtmAcn axi) WAnBWoPWByp
X^EMPORIUM~Ftcrape & Van Co : furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. ._S-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phor.g orant 1C1.
A— GILBERT &• STOLL Storage Co.; "torsge.
packing, shirring warehouse. G. G. and van
Nes»; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel.South .^0.
FIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co..^of-
fice Cost and 1'ov.fI! tts.; tel. Priv. Ex. ail.
CON KLIN* S~Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 233 Golden Gate ave.; phene Last 1-6. j
GULDEN West St^ratre; advances made. 840
Mlseion St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
¦yxCIFIC Ftor*pr<" and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. I.'J20 Flllmore rt.; rhone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Ptorsre Co . 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main IMP. Shipping at cut rates.
gl'KCIALISTS.
CATAKHH DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlr.cham. 204 Sutt— «t.
fTlTTEIllttG AXD STAMJIEKIXO.
JdtXBOUftNE Institute Van Ness & Market.
promise* cure if In fair health; hours 1 to 5.
TYPEWHITnitS AXD SCPFLIIS*.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
• 6mith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
hlKher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange, KJ6 California st.
Jl FEW pood typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars cf L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery Bt.
2D-HAND typewriters eold. rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inrpec. Co.. OPS Market.
DIVIDEXII ftUTICEI.
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 6th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
bulldir* 708 Market et.. opposite Third—
For the half yea- ending 31st of December,
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate' per annum of (.12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates.
tn* of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
. PAY January 2. ltKM. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD; Manager. HUGH CRAIQ. Secretary.
¦ DIVIDEND No. 8, 6 per cent, now due and pay-
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 405 Mont-
; comery St.. room 0. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
PROPOSALS.
tfROl'OSALS— .BIDS WANTED — Notic* la
hereby given that sealed proposals will be
received by tre boaxd of directors of the
¦ Veterans' Hcce of California, at Its office,
room 13. 320 Sansoiae et., Kan Francisco,
f Cal.. up to 11 o'clock a. ia.. Saturday, June
f 4, 1SKM. aad opened immediately thereafter
! 1n the presence of bidders, for furnishing
i and delivering quartermaster and commls-
c&ry eurplles, etc.. for the Veterans' Home.
I Napa County, California (railroad station
i Yountvllle), f. o b. for six months, com-
! menclng July 1. 19u4, and ending December
[ ill, lirtM. Schedules with information and ln-
i «tructlcns for submitting bids will be fur-
t nlshed upon application by the undersigned,
liidders will carefully follow the conditions
ci the schedule*, and no bid will b» consid-
ered unle*s It Is In accordance with such
schedules. Bids on tea. coffee and sugar
rr.uM be mada on samples submitted.
Kach blddf r must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well-known and
responsible banking houne lor at least 10 per
cent of the amount ot his bid. payable to C.
Mason Klnne, treasurtr, conditioned that
the bidder will enter into a good and valid
contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. The board reserves the right
to reject ar.y'or all bids and to order any
quantity over or under the amount of epec-
lned Address John F. Sheehan. secretary o£
' the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
' Home of California, room 13, 32O Sansonw
tt San Francisco, Cal. By order of the
board of directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAK.
Secretary. '
JCOTICE to bidders — Sealed proposals will be
received until June 21. l!*04. at 7:30 o'clock
p. m.. by the Council of the City of Eureka
tor ?50<Xt 4*s pt-r cent Forest Park Improve-
ment bonds: $100.0<ju 4H per cent City Hall
bonds: »15,(Kx> 4fe per cent fire apparatus
purchase bonds, and $35.uCn) 4Va per cent
sewer completion bonds, issued by the city
of Eureka under the act o£ the Legislature.
of the State of California of February 25,
l'JOl 1901, page 27). They will be In
denomination as follows: Forest Park ira-
•proveroext bends. >(12S; City Hall bonds,
$500: fire apparatus purchase bonds, $37.%,
and sewer completion bonds, $b>5; said bonds
will be dated on or after July 1, 1904. Prin-
cipal and interest payable at the office of
the City Treasurer oj the city of Eureka.
Interest payable seml-annually. cne-fortieth
of principal payable annually, all In United
States gold coin. All bids must be accompa-
nied by a certified check for 5 per cent of
' the bid payable to the Mayor of the city of
Eureka, btate of California. The city of
Eureka contains a population of 11,000. as-
sessed valuation So.bOO.OOo. with present
Jionded Indebtedness of $109.2T»0. Incurred In
1902. J. P. WUNDERLICH. City Clerk.
PROPOSALS for mineral oil — Office Depot
Quartermaster. 3U New Montgomery St., San
Francisco, Cal.. May UL 1&04. Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, subject to usual con-
ditions. wO be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Friday, May 27, 19<>4, and then opened
?nr furriFhinr and storing or 200.000 gallons
mineral oil. 135 degree flash test. In cases of
live gallons each. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
iacture. condition of price and quality being
equal including In the price of foreign pro-
duction thp duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence given tci articles of American production
and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast to the extent of the consumption re-
qulr«-d by the public service there. The
United State* reserves right to accept or re-
ject any or all proposals or any part thereof.
Information and blank proposals furnished
on cppllcation. Envelopes contalninr pro-
posal? to be marked "Proposal for Mineral
Oil No. 3S0.V and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL, Q. M., U. S. Army, Depot Quarter-
master.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon,
June 21. 1904. and publicly opened immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yards. Mare IFland. Cal., and Puget Sound.
Wash., as specified, a quantity of machine
tools. etc.. comprising motors, shears,
lathes, drills, crinders. shapers, key seater,
wheel preas, punches, centrifugal blower,
¦ exhaust fan, vertical pump, etc. Blank pro-
posals will be furnished upon application to
the navy pay offices. San Francisco, Cal.,
and Seattle. Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS. Pay-
roaster General U. S. N. 5-7-04
for subsistence supplies. Office
Purchasing Commissary, Fan Francisco, Cal.,
May 14. l'.»04 — S<-al»d proposals for furnleh-
ir.g and delivering of such quantitl*-s of srub-
flatence supjjli**. delivered at such wharf or
wharvs or such warehouses in San Fran-
cisco, Col., as p*r circular to be «een at this
cKlce. will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Wednesday. May 25, 1904. and
opened Immediately thereafter In presence of
bidders. £p'cifliatir>r.s. general Instructions
to bidders and blank fc*rms of proposals will
be furnished to established dealers on appli-
cation to C. R. KRAUTHOFF, Major Com'y.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
> jeBterday :
August Wuster.berg, SO, 74 Geary street, and
UarRuerite A. Hall. 26, 2264 Bush street.
.John T. MeCann 2a, 9C7 Harrison etreet, and
Bessie A. Dyer. 20, 4S3 Ivy avenue.
William Ncthercott. £2, Oakland, and Jane
i. Beal. 46, 2C23 Flllmore street.
Charles A. Predom. 31, Sacramento, and
Dorothy Weaver, 20. Sacramento.
John H. Guetersloh, 29, 1«33 Baker street,
ar.i'. Julia Bentz, 25. 718 Filbert street.
John P. Scheper. 23, 2800 Pine street, and
Mary B. Montague. 21, 2800 Pine street.
'Luke B. O'Brien, 30, 17A Rlncon place, and
Annie A. Kerr, 27. 445 Castro street,
Charles Mercer. 3L 118 Sixth street and
Marie A. Nuvllle, 31. 118 Sixth street.
William Hampshire, 21. Z>H Tehama street,
and Bertha Kewnig, 1C, 05 Prospect avenue.
Charles S. Denlke. 25, 1C20 Sixth avenue
south, and Johanna C. Repli. IS, 729 Douglass.
Abner B. Moore. 24. «a'{ Buchanan street,
and Hose Burke, 23, CC3 Buchanan street.
Herbert G. P. Cramer. 2<5. 425 Hayes etreet,
and MatiMa M. Pedruzzl. 24, 720 Leavenworth.
James A. Bailey, 21. Fallon, Nev., and An-
ni«- Campbell. 18, 412 Larkin street.
Fred H. Klnne. 25, 213 >i Natoma street, and
XVlora R. Foot, 34, Seaside.
Lee Yuen. 40. 754 Jackson street, and Yow
Gor.g, 23, 10 Church alley.
EffiTHS— MABRIAQES— DEATH3L
Birth, marriage end death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
la at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
rons authorized to have the eame published,
notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
Xree cf charge.
BOItX. ~
CUTTING — In Oakland. May 24, 1904, to the
wife of James Cutting, a daughter.
DUFFEY— In this city. May 2L 1904, to the
wife of Joseph P., Duffey. a daughter.
GETZ — In this city. May 23. 1904. to the wife
of Louis M. Getz (nee Lapldaire). a son.
JEWETT— In this city, to the wife of George
M. Jewett of Vallejo. a son.
SHIMER— In tnls city. May 19. 1904, to the
wife of Frank VV. Ehlmer, a .son.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his: late
residence. 13 Decatur street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MADIGAN— At Crescent 6tatton. Napa County,
Cal., May 23, 1004, John H.. beloved son tf
John and the late Hannora Madlgan, and
loving brother of Daniel, Mary, Hannah,
Josie and Margaret Madlgan. a native ot
California, aged 30 years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), from his late residence, thence
to St. Vincent's Church, Vallejo.. where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the
rt'poMj of his soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock. Interment St. Vincent's, Cemetery.
McGARY— In this city. May 22. 1904. Alico,
beloved wife of the late Edward McGary,
and mother of Mrs. Samuel Poorman, Jatnes
and Charles McGary. Mrs. W. H. Whltt.
Mrs. J. Uhler Hastings and Edward McGary,
a, native of Ireland, aged SO years.
C7"Funeral and Interment private.
MOUSQUIL— In this city. May 23. 1904, Ber-
nard Mtiusqull, beloved brother of Jean Mous.
gull, a native of France, aged 31. years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chap -1 of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue, thence to the French Church of Notre
Dame des Vlctolres Bush street. Interment
Moly Cross Cemetery.
MURRAY — In this city. May 22, 1904, Michael,
dearly beloved husband of Maggie Murray,
and lather of John J. and JoEeph' S. Murray,
a native of Ireland, aged 05 years 5 month*
and 2S days. A member of the Young Men's
Catholic Union. (New York papers please
copy.) . v
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the un-
dertaking parlors of Carew & English, . 29
Van Ness avenue, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a requiem high mans will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
NICHOLSON— In Oakland, Cal., May 24 1904,-
Mary 11. Nicholson, beloved mother of Wal-
ter E. and Holllster A. Nicholson, a natlvt
of New York, aged 64 years.
O'BRIEN— In this city. May 24. 1904. Bessie,
dearly beloved daughter of' John J. and
Catherine E. O'Brien, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 12 years 11 months and 10 days.
B7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
PERA— In this city. May 23, 1904, Edmond,
dearly beloved eon. of Joseph and Victoria,
Pera, and nephew* of Antonio and Sophia
Cuneo, and Pellegrlno and Zellnda Pera, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 6
months and 27 days.
JE^Frlends and^acqualntances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. Ill Wlldey place, be-
tween Pine and Bush. Flllmore and Stelner
streets. Interment Italian Cemetery. Fleas*
omit flowers.
RYAN— In this city. May 24, 1904, Captain
Thomas, beloved husband of the late Mar-
garet Ryan, and loving father of J. It., Kate
and, Thomas Ryan and the late J. W. Ryan,
a native of Sydney, Nova Scotia. Canada,
aged 73 years 7 months and 18 days.
EXFriends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of St. Dominic's Sodality of the Holy
Name are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 8:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 2764 Bush
etreet, thence to St. Dominic's . Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
electric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
SCHLEEMANN— In this city. May 23. 1904.
Walter John Schleemann dearly beloved son
of John and Mathilde' Schleemann, and
brother of Max C. Schleemann, a native of
California, aged 19 years 5 months and 22
days.
JC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 943 Alabama street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SNOW— In this city. May 23, 1904 Charlotte
L. Snow, beloved wife of the late John F.
Snow, and sister of William Reed ot Chi-
cago, a native of Massachusetts, aged 80
years 4 months and 2S days. (Chicago, Bos-
ton and Philadelphia papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from corner Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 1:30 o'clock. Kindly
omit flowers.
SWEENEY— In this city. May 24, 1004, Ed-
ward J. Sweeney, a native of New York, aged
50 years.
SYCE— In Sacramento. Cal., May 22, 1904, Ma-
mie F., dearly beloved wife of Thomas P.
Syce, daughter of Mrs. E. Kennedy, and
sister of Mrs. E. Ratigah, a native of New
York City, aged 26 years. (New York City
papers please copy.)
JC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock,, from the
funeral parlors of Porter & White, 423 Gold-
en Gate avenue, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cel-
ebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. .Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
VINTHER— In Oakland, Cal., May 24. 1904.
Albert, beloved husband of Hanna Vintner)
and father of Carl G., George M., Anna M.,
Arthur T., Thllda A. and Albert A. Vln-
ther. a native of Denmark, aged 42 years.
MARRIED.
SKINNER— CONWELL— In this city. May 4,
1SKM at EL Rose's Church, by the Rev.
Father McMahon, James E. Skinner and
Anna V. Conwcll. both of San Franclaco.
DIED.
Backe Catherine Levy. Emma
Barry. Dcra Lincoln, John II.
Berry, Jol-n A. London, Johanna
Cull Patrick Lyons. Patrick
Cummlnp* R. E. Madlgan. John H.
Drewes, IlVrman McGarry. Alice
Gesring, Mary E. Mousquil, Bernard
Godfrey. Florence Murray. Michael
Harders. Fred T. Nicholson. Mary H.
Hastings. Jack O'Brien. Bessie
Henderson. Robert Pera, Edmund
Holman Charlotte U, Ryan. Capt. Thomas
Johnson Nicholas B. Schleemann, W. J.
Johnston, William Snow, Charlotte L.
Kammen r, Fred G. Syce.- Mamie F.
Kennedy Cecelia Sweeney, Edward J.
Lamont. 'Charles T\ Vintner. Albert
BACKE— In this city. May 21. 1904. Cather-
ine, beloved daughter of Frank and Annora
Backe and cister nf Mrs. Elizabeth Crogan.
Frank Barke. Mrs. Julia Eklund. Irene and
William Barke, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2Ti years and 22 days. •
Zy Interment strictly private.
BAURY— In this city. May 23, 1904. Dora,
bolovrd daughter of John and the late Anne
Barn' and beloved Bister of James F., Gus-
¦!e, apd John H. Barry. Mrs. William Flom-
ming and the late Thomas F. Barry, a na-
tive ofTian Francisco, aged 25 years.
tCT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
tW.'dnesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 7 Church lane, oft Dolores street,
between Sixteenth and Seventeenth, thence
to Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric car
lrorn Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BERRY— In this city. May 22, 1904. John A.,
beloved non of the late Michael and Alice
Berry, and brother of James, William and
Harry Berry and Mrs. E. Duffy, a native of
San Kran:isco, aged 23 years 5 months and
25 days.
tC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from tho par-
lors of MeAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street,
near Ninth, thence to 8t. Joseph's Church
for services at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
CULL— In this city. May 24. 1904, Patrick, be-
loved husband of the late Susie Cull, loving
father of Katherine, Edward. Loretta and
Aloysius Cull, and, brother of Thomas Cull,
a native of County Leltrlm, Ireland, aged
4S years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence-. £k>9 Grove street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross . Cemetery-
CUMMINGS— In this city. May 24, 1904. Rob-
ert Elson. beloved eon of Sidney and Phoebe
Cummlngt, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year B months and 7 days.
DREWES— In this city. May 22, 1904, Her-
man beloved husband of Mathilda Drewes,
and 'father of Rudolph Drewes, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 25 years 11 months
and 24 days.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Ctai*. Cochran & Co.. 429 Golden
Gate avenue, between Polk and Larkin
streets, under the auspices of Court Stan-
ford No. 27, F. of A. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. Remains at his late resi-
dence, 3138 Pierce street, near Lombard,
until 8:30 o'clock Wednesday.
GEARING — In Sacramento, Cal.. May 22. 1904,
Mary Ellen, wife of James F. Gearing,
daughter of John Rupsles and the late Mar-
Baret Ruggies, and sister of James Jerome
and William Ruggles. a native of Sacra-
mento, Cal., aged 34 years.
GODFREY— In this city. May 23, 1904. Flor-
ence, dearly beloved daughter of Hannah
and the late John Godfrey, and sister of
Aaele and John Godfrey Jr., a native of
Reno, Nev.. aged 13 years and 6 months.
(ileno. Nev.*, papers please copy.)
HARDERS— In this city. May 23, 1904, Fred
'¦ T-; beloved husband of Johannetta Harders,
and father of Mrs. Ommert, and George,
Fred. Gui% John and Charlie Harders, a na-
tive of Iloleteln, Germany, aged 78 years
• 2 months and 9 days. A member of Exempt
Firemen.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at tho
parlors of H. F. Suhr &. Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth, under
the auspices of Harmony Lodge No. 13, I.
O. O. F. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
Please omit flowers.
HASTINGS— In Emeryville. Cal., May 23. 1904,
Jack Hastings, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
W. T. Hastings, a native of Boston, Maes.,
aged 12 years 3 months and L days.
HENDERSON— In the City and County Hos-
pital, May 24, 1B04, Robert Henderson, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged 3S years.
HOLMAN— In this city, May 22, 1904. at the
King's Daughters' Home, Charlotte M. Hol-
man, sister of Mrs. Mary C. Hill, a native of
New York, aged 82 years.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halsted tc Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. May 24. 1904, Nicho-
las B. Johnson, beloved husband of Mrs.
Georgia Johnson, a native of St. Andrews,
N. B., aged 02 years. A member of Grand
Fraternity, United Moderns, and a member
of Fortune Lodge No. 221. I. O. O. F., of
Eureka.
C7Rema!ns at the mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Funeral notice hereafter.
JOHNSTON— In this city. May 23, 1904, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Mary Johnston, and
father of Marguerite Johnston, a native of
Ireland, aged 49 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7t>7 Mis-
sion street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KAMMERER— In this city. May 23. 1904, Fred
G. Kammerer. beloved father of Fred Kam-
merer Jr., son of George F. and the late
Mamie Kammerer. and brother of Mrs. L.
O. Lucheral and Guetave Kammerer. a native
of Baltimore, Md. A member of Manzanita
Tribe No. 4, Imp. O. R. M.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Gantner Bros., 1209 Mission street,
thence to Red Men's Hall, 320 Post street,
where funeral services will be held under the
auspices of Manzanita Tribe No. 4. Imp.
O. R. M. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
KENNEDY— In this city. May 23. 1904. Ce-
celia, beloved daughter of Mary and the
late William Kennedy, and ulster of Mary
end Elizabeth Kennedy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 15 years and 10. months.
E3 r The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from ' the
parlors of Monahan. O'Hara & Co., 2339-41
Mission street, near Nineteenth, thence tc
Mission Dolores Church, where services will
be held. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LAMONT— In this city. May 24, 1904, Charles
P.. beloved husband of Ester I. Lamont. de-
voted father of Winnie. Bessie, Anna and
Louis Lamont. and brother of Mrs. James
Black and John Lamont, a native of Canada,
aged 36 years 3 months and 24 days.
LEVY — In this city. May 24, 1904. Emma, be-
loved wife of Max Levy, and beloved mother
of Alice R. and Margareth Levy, a native
of Toronto, Canada, aged '39 years.- _>-•.•-
C7Notice of funeral In evening papers.
LINCOLN— In Los Angeles, Cal.. May 10. 1904.
John H.. husband of Dora Lincoln, father of
Harry and Doris Lincoln, son of Atlanta J.
Lincoln, and brother of Frank T. Lincoln. *
native of San Francisco. , , -<Q
LONDON— In this city. May 22,. 1904, Johanna,
beloved wife of the late Louis 'A. London,
and mother of Mrs. G. Victor, Mrs. Edward
Mlchales and the late Minna London, a na-
tive of Posen. Germany.
|C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 299 Laussat avenue, off Stelner
etreet, between Halght and Waller. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
LYONS— In this city. May 23. 1904, Patrick,
beloved husband of Emma Lyons, father of
William. Mary. Thomas and Annie Lyons,
and brother of Mrs. Ellen Gllhooly, Hanna
and Annie Lyons, and the late Mrs. Bridget
Frawley and Thomas Lyons, a native of
Creggne, County Galway, Ireland, aged 48
years and 15- days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
FUNERAL MUSIC (VOCAL*
Singers supplied for funeral services. Either
tolo. duet or male quartet furnished at short
notice. Had much experience. Address Di-
rector, D. M. LAWRENCE. 641 Turk street.
Phone East 1079.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mw.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., N opposlte Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmera
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at RCO MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate rates.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piers 3 and 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketchikan. Wrangel.
Juneau. Haines. Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. nL, May
5 10, 15. 20. 25. 30. June 4.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Uverett. Bel-
lingham— 11 a. m.. May 5. 10. 13. 20, 23. 3fc
June 4. Change at Seattle to this Company's
steamers for Alaaka and G. N. Ry.; at Seattl*
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver ?»
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, I:s9
p. m.. May 4. 10. 16. 22. 2S: Spokane. 1:39
p. m. May 1. 7, 13 19; Corona. May 23, 31.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Eanta Rosa Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crui. Mont-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (3aa
Louis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. May 7. 15. 23. 31. June «.
Santa Crux. 9 a. m. (freight only). May 19, 27.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of eacli
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OTTXCSS — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Preiffht Oflc», 10 Market flt.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent,
l'O Market st., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels an4
residences. Telephone Exchangs 312.
¦ _ — ___^ — ____ — — — — — —^
— - ___^ ~ ""¦
—AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
* S. S. ST. RAUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDQUIST.
(Carrying V. S. Mails.)
FROM *SAN FRANCI3CO DIRRCT.
JUNE 2 2. F*. Al.
Connecting with tha Company's Steamers for
All BERING SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's River Steamers
for Fairbanks and »ll points on KOTCKL'K.
TAXAVA »nd YUKON RIVERS.
For Fretcnt sn<1 Px«»«s;e AppTy to
ITOETHER3T COlEMHSCZAXi CO*
623 Crossley building. Cor. Mission and Saw
Montgomery sts.. San Francisco.
COLTTMBIA sails May 18. 27. Jun» «, 18. sal
26 OEO. W. ELDER sails May 22. Jun» 1.
11 and 21. Only steamship lln» to PORTLAND.
OR and short rail line from Portland to ail
points East. Through tickets to .all point*.
Steamer tickets Include berth aad meals.
Steamer sails foot cf Spear st. at 11. a. m.
S F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept. 1 Mont-
gomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent Freight
Dept.. 3 Montgomery St.
0ccanic8.s.cc.niTOg
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thurs.. May 28. 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. May 29, U a. ra,
S. S. ALA ME DA. for Honolulu. Jun* 4. 11 aa,
J.D.5PEICXELS i BEOS. CQ.,AS3.,TiC&t 02C3 643 Kir-
Eel, FrslgHt 03C3 333 BfiBl SI, Plil 7, ?uill iL
# PASSENGER SERVICE — .
Through without change. S. S.
"Serapls" from San Fran-
cisco on or about June 3. 1904.
for Hamburg and principal
ports in Mexico. Central and
South America. For rates and
particulars apply at 841 Mar-
ket St., or to LEXDAL M.
GRAY. Manager. 329 Market
.St., San Francisco.
C0XPAG5IS 6ZVX&AU TBAKSATLailTXaVS.
DIRECT LINE TO HA.VRB-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday instead ot .^flvI-ffiZA
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. wnSffid
North River, toot ot Morton it.
First class to Havre. (70 and upward. 8«o.
end class to Havre. )43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UN'lTED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacltto Cotit
Acrnts. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets »oM bv all Ratlmad Tlckat Amnts.
To U. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
STRS. GEN. FRISB1E MONTICELLO and
ARROW— W:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:15 P. M..
«:oo P. M.. 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays.
9:43 A. 3d.. 8:3O P. JI. Leave Vallejo. 7:00
A. it.. 0:0O A. 11.. 12:30 NOON. 3:15 P. M..
6:CO P. M. lex. Sunday). Sundays, 7:0O A. M..
4:13 P. M. Fare one way. 50c. Landing and
office. Pier 2. foot Mission st. Phona Mala
liOS. HATCH nROS.
"Treasured Memories," an Appropriate Decoration Day Art Supplement Free Next Sunday
OCEAN TBAVEL.Receipts of Produce.
j 3Iiscellaneous Markets, j
Cons money.... 90 5-161 N Y Central 117%
Do acct 90% Nor & Western... 57 Ts
Anaconda- a% Do pfd ........ 89
Atehlson Vl% Ont & Western.:. 21%
Do Pfd .....••• 05 (Pennsylvania ....-58!4
Bal & Ohio . . S0'4 Rand Mines io%
Can Pacific I205<, Reading .22%
Ches & Ohio 31% Do 1st pfd;.... ,in%
Chi Great West.. 15% Do 2d pfd...... 32
Chi. Mil & St P.144«4 So Railway 21%
De Beers ... . 19U Do pfrt ........ S4V
Den & Rio G 20%|fio Pacitl-j 47U
Do pfd 69 I Union Pacific .... 86%
Erie 24%r Do. pfd 93%
DO 1st pfd 60%|U S Steel......... 9 5
Do 2d pifd 38 I Do pfd '. . 6fV
111 Central 13-1% Wabash 1714
Louis & Nash 110%! Do pfd 35%
M K & Texas... 16%|Spanish 4s ....... 83*4
Bar silver — Steady, 25 ll-^6d per ounce
Money — 1@1% per cent.
. The rate of discount in the open market fo»
short bills Is 2 per cent and for three months'
bills 2ff2 1X-18 per cent.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Mav 24.— To-day's *tate
¦ -. 1 ¦¦ ¦". . - .¦ ¦
London Closing Stocks.
CHICAGO, May 24.— CATTLE— Receipts
i^iA t '- dy *° strong; good to ferlme steers''
$5 25(35 75; poor to medium, $( 25fi>5 "5
9-^2? S "*; ne ,, celpt8 . to ; <lay ' 2O ' (K(O ; to-morrow.
.w000; steady; mixed and butchers, $4 50®
' 4 65; good to choice heavy. $4 60®4 67ix
¦ rough-heavy, $4 5OfT4 60; light. $4 Jmibv
bulk. of. sales. $4 50®4 60. * U ¦ '
SHEEP— Receipts. 10.000;: gheep and lambs
good to choice wethers. $5 25©5 75
.^ ll ;. t «« c l?r olc * mlxed ' S3 75@5: Western sheep
$4 75@5 75; native lambs. $5©fl 25- Western
lambs, $5@0 55; spring lambs. *5@7 '59.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, May 23.— On the Produce Exchange
to-day the butter market was weak. Creampr
les, 14@18e; dairies. 12®17c. Eggs easy at
mark, cases Included. 14%@15c. Cheese easv
new goods, 7%@10c. ese> easy '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Money— |U 8 Steel 9
Call loans 21403% Do pfd 53%
Time loans ...4 @5 Westing Common. 76
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4s 10014 Adventure .- . 1%
Do adj 4s 91 Allouez 4
Mex Cent 4s 68 Amal Copper .... 49%
Railroads— Amer Zinc »",
Atchison 68% Atlantic- 8
Do pfd 92 1 Bingham 20%
Boston & Albany.243 1 Calumet & Hecla.4fi9
Boston & Maine.. 1B« ICentennial 19
Boston Elev 1 40% | Copper Range...,. 42%
Fltchburg pfd 135 [Daly West >. 23%
Mex Central 6%fDom Coal ....... 64
N Y. N H & H..188 IFranklln 7%
Pere Marquette... 7R iGrancy 3%
Union Pacific... 83 lisle Royale ." 6%
Miscellaneous — T iMass Mining .... 3%
Amer Arge Chem. 14 I Michigan 4
Do pfd 73 I Mohawk 39%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4»4iMont Coal & Coke. 4
Amer Sugar . .. .125*?i|OId Dominion ... 13
Do pfd !25%!Osceola 57
Amer Tel & Tel. 125 jParrot 2*
Amer Woolen ... 10%|Qulncy so
Do pfd 74% Shannon eu
Ed Elect Ilium.. .234 iTamarack 90
Gen Electric 155 (Trinity 3%
Mass Electric IS US Mining .... 19*?
Do pfd 70% U S OH ftig
Mass Gas 40 Utah ;.... 3.W
United Fruit -...110 .| Victoria 4 2%
Un Shoe Mach... 48 Wlrfona 514
Do pfd 28% Wolverine 70
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
everything Is moving off well. Even dirty 1
and otherwise inferior lots are In demand. |
something not usually experienced In this mar- 1
ket. an th#re Is a party here who Is after these .
low grades. This condition Is nof expected to ,
last but a few days, however. New Hum- I
boldts and MendoCtnos are expected to appear
In a week or *o.
Hops are quiet and unchanged both here and '
In the East and the market exhibits no new
feature. . \
Hldee are generally steady and In fair de
mand at the familiar quotations, but dry Hides :
are rather ensler., as the "tanners prefer the |
salted stock at thi* season of the year.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell |
about l ><<i\c under quotations. .Heavy Salted
Steers, 9Vi<*: medium;-. SHc; right. 8c: Cow j
Hides. Sc for heavy *nd Sc for light: Stags.
Be; Salted Kip. ftc; Sal'ed Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie: dry Hideo, 16c; dry Kin. 1.1c: dry
Calf. l*c: ShMTtsklns. shearlings. 2*><ff.V>e each;
short Wool. 4O'Sjr.3c each: medium. 7C@f!0c: lonjr
Wool. $1«J1 50; Horse Hides, salt. *2 73 for
large and $2W2 5«> for medium. $1 2."VS1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, drv,
II 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $l(gl 23
for small and 30c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican 30er dry Salted Mexican. 23c: dry
•Tentral American 30«a32>4c. Goat Skins —
Prime Ancoras 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TAtLOW- No. 1 rendered. 4V4@4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3«.*T4c; grease. 2H^3c.
WOOL— Spring Clln— San Joaqhln and Souti»
ern 12 months'. 0311c: do 7 months'. 8®10c
per lb; Middle Counties. 12<§lfi<* for free, and
ll(f?14c for defective: Northern. 15@17c for fre*
and 13<315c for defective; Nevada. 12® 13c. ac
cording 1 to condition,.* »
HOPS— 24«J27c per~Ib for California, 1908,
and 17%©£0c for crop of 1904.
I Provisions.
The market stands as before quoted. Several
houses report a fair demand for Hams. Bacon
and barreled .goods for the Pacific ¦ Islands.
¦ while others report trade very dull. There is
no change In conditions at Western packing
polnM.
CURED MEATS— Bacnn. 9%c V « T lb for
heavy 10c for light-* medium 12c for light,
13Hc for extra light and lSfilflc for suear
cured; Eastern i>u*ar-cured Hams 1.1c; Call- 1
fornla Hams. 12®12Uc: Mes« TUef. $1P@
10 50 per bbl; extra Mes«. $ll«m 50: Family.
$12(^12 50: prime Mess Pork. $15: extra clear.
$24: Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10c: Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet, $3; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at BUc per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
RV»c; 10-lb tins OKc; 5-lb tins. 0%c; 3-lb tins.
014c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, R%c: three
half barrels. 8Hc; one tierce. «%c; two tierces,
8V4c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
1 Meat Market..
'All descriptions — Beef, Mutton and Pork —
¦ continue plentiful an.d weak. with. a continued
downward tendency In prices. A good many
people are leaving town for the lntsrior and
the St Louis Exposition, which cuts down the
demand more or less. Trade always quiets
down at th's time of the year. The descriptions
most plentiful are V»al and Hours, the market
i being overstocked r-Mth th» former. •. -
. r . DRESSED, MEATS. -
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
' are as follows: - »;
BEEF— 6%©7c for Steers and 5@6c per Jb
for Cows.
VEAL— Lanre, 6i5S7Wc- small. fWiOc per Ib.
MUTTON— Wtthers. 7©Sc; Ewes. CH^c
per lb '
i LAMB— S!4®0c per lb.
I PORK— Dressed Hogs, fl*4irr«Ue per Ib.
; • LIVESTOCK MARKET.
1 The following quotations are for good, souna
: Livestock, delivered in 8*n Francisco. Ie«s 50
, per cent for shrinkage for Cattle.
• CATTLE— Steers. 7H®8*Ac; Cow* and Heif
ers. «%fi7c; thin Cows. 4©5c per lb.
CALVES— 464 V,c pfr lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wether*. 3%®4c; Ewes, 3@3Vi«
per lb (gross weight).. . ; .
LAMBS— $2 5062,75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 614c:
over 2C0 lbs, 4*4c; *wft Hqjs," nominal ; ggw»,
Hides, Tallozv. Wool and Hops.
Wool is still In good condition for sellers, as
NEW YORK, May 24.— Prices dropped back
easily and practically without opposition to
day to about the level of last Friday, before
tbe little stir In the market on that day,
caused by last week's great loan contraction
I by the banks. The weakness was not due
I to-<Jay, as far as could be perceived, to any
news or to any new element of weakness.
I Rather it was a simple recognition of the
! absorption of an Incident boom and the hasty
gettlcs out of small speculative holdings In
consequence. London prices reported here be
fore our market opened showed declines
throughout. The throwing over of Saturday's
and yesterday's accumulations was then pretty
quickly accomplished and tbe market relapsed
Into the stagnant and drooping tone which
characterized It during most of last week.
With the relapse In the money market the
bankers' loan bills, which had weakened the
exchange market, disappeared and gold was
engaged -for export Thursday to the amount
of $2,000,000, all that the assay office could
furnitsh. Tbe freedom of the - outward gold
[movement I* now more clearly recosnized as
following from the extreme lassitude of the
demand for eecurities here, as against the
[ sucpocltlon that the demand for securities
was being paralyzed by the fears of the effects
I of gold exports. The Paris money market
j advanced the rate of sterling exchange to
25 francs 11 '4 centimes, compared with last
week's low level of I0V4 centimes. Speculative
I depression here was due rather to general dis
couragement than • to specific developments.
Published reports of plans for the large cur
tailment of plglron production were regarded
as a bad augury for the Industry and business
and had special effect on United States Steel
1 preferred. Attention was given to the hearing
J before the Interstate Commerce Commission
1 of • barjjes of discrimination by the coal roads
J and the presence of the District Attorney of
the I'nltea States was used to give an im
pression that Government action under the
artl-trust act was In contemplation.
The grain markets' movements Indicated an
Interpretation of the weather bureau's weekly
summary favorable to the hopes of the crops,
but the istock' market failed to be influenced.
The last prices of the day were near the
lowest and the closing tone was . heavy and
very dull.
I Bonds were eaey.» Total sales, $1,705,000. !
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
, Stocks — vrV' ' Sales. HiKh. Low. Close.
Atchison 15,000 60% . CS% «9
Affcison pfd 40W 92% 02% 92
Bait & Ohio 3.300 78% 77% 77%
Bait & Ohio pfd 400 91% 91% 91
Canadian Pacjnc... . 500. 117& 117% 117
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. May 24.— Money on call was
eary at l l .i*ttl*i i*r cent; closing bid and
offered, 1 Vi per cent. Time loans were steady:
sixty and ninety day bills. 3 per cent; tlx
mouths, 3U<&4 per cent. Prime mercantile
£aj*er, .': a «64 per cent. Sterling exchange not
*.!!£htly firmer, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4.S670i54.86K0 for demand and at
$4-S470«i4.S4M> for sixty-day bills. Posted
rates. $4 80^S* 60 and $4 Si«p SS. Com
mercial bills. $i 84%. Silver bars, 55%c. Mex
ican dollars, 44U<"- Bonds — Governments,
steady; railroads, easy. ;
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezv York Money Market.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Wednesday, possibly light showers;
fresh southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, cooler Wednesday; brisk to
high westerly winds.
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day: fresh southwest winds, with fog.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
The pressure continues low over the south
mestern portion of the country. Cloudy weath.
er prevails In Southern California and light
rain is reported at San Luis Obispo. Rain has
also fallen at Flagstaff. Modena and Salt Lake
City.
The temperature has fallen 12 degrees more
In the Ran Joaquin and Sacramento valleys.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Carson City. 36 southwest; Inde
pendence. 28 northwest; Flagstaff. 30 south
west; Sacramento. 28 touthwest; Eureka, 30
northwest, and Mount Tamalpais, 58 south
west.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 25:
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday,
with showers in the mountains; cooler In the
interior; fresh southerly winds, with fog on
the coast.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Hay stands the same as quoted yesterday,
all grades except the very best being quiet \
and tending downward. Cracked Corn and Corn
Moal'nre higher In sympathy with the advance
In the raw grain, and Mixed Feed Is also quoted
up. There Is no change In Bran and Mid
dlings.
BRAN— $21622 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 6C©20 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $21 5?22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $2302.1 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the milt. $29 5C@31;
Jobbing, $32: Cocoanut Cake. $22ffi2.l; Corn
Meal, $32$?33: Cracked Corn. $32 50@33 50;
Mixed Feed. $2262.".; Horse Beans, ?30#t0 per
ten: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. $11«T15: Wheat and Oat. $11®
13 50; Oat. $9(612 .".0: Wild Oat, $7«10; Bar
ley and Oat. ?7@11; Stock, $7©8; Alfalfa. $7®
10 per ton.
STRAW— 60@80c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There are a good many slight changes In"
n«nns» both up and down. The market con
tinues Inactive, witlT no pronounced tendency
In any direction. Seeds remain as. previously
quoted.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 2.V&2 50; Pea, $2 90@3;
Butters, $3: small White, $2 SoRS 10: large
White $2 25S2 55: Pink. $3 45(ff3 60; Red.
$4 2.1:' Lima, *3 25<2?.1 :t0; Red Kidneys, $4 75tP
r>- Blackeye, $1 9062 15 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$202 no. . ¦ "~
SEED — Brown Mustard. $4<J4 25; Yellow
Mustard. $3«f-1 25; Flax. $1 80<ftl 90: Canary,
, r iu;(f?5%c for Eastern ; Alfalfa. 14Vs®ltic: Rape.
l%@2c: Timothy. Off U Me; Hemp, :iHS+c p«r
lb; Millet. 3@3^c: Broom Corn Seed, $20@21
per ton. • •
¦1 DRIED PEAS— BJnekeye. $3 per ctl: Nlles.
$3 25: Green Peas. $3«?3 25.
Potatoes/ Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of new Potatoes from across the
bay are decreasing, but arrivals from the river
.districts are dally becoming more liberal and
prices have a downward tendency. Yester
day's receipts Included »C0 boxes irom the river,
which sold at $1 5001 S3 per cental. Only
the very best lots In sacks brought 2c per
pound. The market is badly congested with
old Potatoes, which are dragging at unsteady
prices. Red Onions are steady under moder
ate receipts and a good demand for shipment.
Nearly everything In the vegetable line wa«
in free supply and prices had but slight
! variance.. Asparagus still showed the effects
of the recent hot wave and a good portion of
the receipts came- to hand in poor condition.
The regular trade purchased but little, but
the market was held steady by the canners,
who were operating freely and paying 4@.1c
rer pound. Peas arrived freely and prices <1e
i cllned again. Another small consignment of
i Green Corn came In, from Brentwood. Contra
Costa County but was not sold, having ar
rived too late - for - the regular trade.
: POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. $I(¥
'l 15 per ctl: Oregon Burbanks, $1 lOiftl 40 per
; ctl* River Reds. $1@1 10 ner ctl: small Oregon
. Burbanks for seed. $1 23<§1 35 per ctl; new
j Potatoes. 1%©2 %c per lb
ONIONS — Australian Yellow. $5 per ctl: new
1 Red. OOcff $1 15 per sack ; new Green, . 25@35c
per -box.
.VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 4®6c per lb:
Rhubarb, 50@S5c per box; Green Peas, OCc®
r 1 25 per sack; Garden Peas. 2<4c per lb; String
i Beans. 4VS®*= P' r lb : Wax Beans. 6®7c per lb;
'¦ Tomatoes ?1 « r '0©l 75 per box or crate for L03
i Angeles and' $1 6002 for Mexican (repacked);
i Summei Squash. 75(gS5c per box; Cabbage,
$1 50 per ctl: Carrots, 5Cc per eic'i; Cuaumbers,
r>0c*m per dozen: Garlic, nominal; Egg Plant,
10<!?12*^c pcrlb: Dried Peppers. SfJIOc for sun
dried and 12H<f?13c per lb for evaporated: Dried
Okra 12>4©15c per lb: Green P#Dpers. 8©15c
per lb for Los Angeles and lOiglBc for Mexi
can; Marrowfat Squash, Jobbing at 14$2c
per. lb. ' . '
- Poultry and 'Game.
Another- car of Western Poultry, consisting
li I nilliiiiliir 1 III if III T '11 ii UiMliMilllBU'MIII 1 ffil £**# :-_*****.. *.. J
Hay' and Feedstuff s.
The local millers report a perceptible falling
off In the demand for Mlllstuffis of late, though
quotations show no decline. The market. In
fact. Is quite dull.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60@
4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 5O®4 80;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 S5@i 23
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $3 50: extra cream do $4 23;
Oat Groats. $4 50: Hominy. $4@4 25;' Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50<g4 75: Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75:
Rolled Oata, bbls, $7 2."<f?S CO; In sacks. $6 75^?
8 10: Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas, 55 50 per ;00 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Aside from -the better feeling In Prunes
noted several days ago, there Is nothing new
to report. The market continues quiet all along
the line at previous quotations.
FRUIT8 — Apricots. 8<310c for Royals and
94? 12c for Moor parks: Evaporated Apples, 4>4 l ft
«c; sun-dried. 3®4%c: Peaches. 7®Sc;
Pears. S^@12c: Figs, white. 2H«:ic In boxes;
black. 4 He; Plums, pitted 5<fJ7 %c per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2@2%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for l!>03
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 4-crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4Uc: 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose. 3-crown, 4e; 2-crown. 3*ic: Thompson"*
seedless. 4c: seedless Sultanas. CJUe: Seedless
Muscatels. 3>.;c; do floated. 3^c; Seeded Rats
ins, 16-oz cartons, fancy. 5V4c; choice. S^c:
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4>4c: choice. 4%c; In
bulk, fancy. ">'ic; choice, 5c: Imperial clus
ters. $3; Dehesa, $2 CO; fancy. $2; London
Layers 3-crown. $1 33; 2-crcwn. f 1 25.
NUTS— Walnuts, Wo. 1 softshell. i:t'i<il4c;
No. 2, 11fe&12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13«in> a c:
No. 2. HCll'/ic: Almonds. 11 Vic for Nonpa
reils, ll^c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9»<ic (or Lantuedoc; Peanuts, 6i87c for
Eastern: Pecans lltfil.Sc; Cocoanuts $4 50i@5.
HONET— Comb. llH4@12Hc for white nr.d
ln^llc for amber; water white extracted. 5<9
6c; light amber extracted. 4'jf:">e: dark,
3y.®4e. s - •
BEESWAX— 27©20c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
CHICAGO, May 24,-rOish quotations were as
follows:. Flour, weak; No. 2 spring' wheat IV>
©08c; No. SL 80@$>5c; No. 2 red. $1 <H^i Cd-No"
2 corn, 48V,c: No. 2 yellow. 49Hflr.Oc- No' 2
oats, 4SH©48%c; No. 3 white, 30A43c: No' 2
rye. 75c; good feeding barley. 35g*58c; 'fair' to
choice malting. 45W5»!c; No. 1 ftaxseed. ?1- No
1 Northwestern, $1 08; prime timothy 'seed'
$3 05; mess pork, per barrel, $10 S7T4iR10119
lard, per K>0 pounds. $0 25«ftl 27W; short ribs
sides (loose). $« 25@0 37 Vx : short clear sides
(boxed). $o25<ffG50; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 28; Clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 31.0CO 2fl 100
Wheat, bushels.. 11.000 2S # 3tio
Corn, bushels... 1 ».... 2CS.4OO 291700
Oata, bushels..'. 24<J,300 I44V00
Rye, bushels..... 12.0C0 i'(,oo
Barley, bushels..* 34,100 ' 0*700
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, May 24. — With practically noth
ing of a bullish character as support, the
wheat market opened with an Inclination
toward lower prices. The effect of the bear
ish private- crop report of yesterday was still
a potent Influence, the majority of pit traders
being disposed to sell. Opening quotations on
July were unchanged fo VnC Jower at 87WS*
87%c. Excellent weather throughout the
greater part of the country continued to Im
prove the condition of the growing crop and
helped to bring out additional selling orders.
The May delivery was especially, heavy, and
the weakness of that option had a tendency to
depress the deferred futures. A general ex
pectation of Increasing primary receipts was
another element against which the bull lead
ers had to contend. In a measure the expec
tations of enlarged receipts were realized by
returns from Kansas City, where 120,000 bush
els were received and only 3(5,000 buehels
shipped.
During the last part of the session bearish
sentiment was emphasized by Bradstreet's
visible supply statement, which showed a de
crease In the world's available stocks of only
043,000 bushels, against a decrease of nearly
4.000,000 bushels a year ago. The weekly Gov
ernment report Indicated marked Improve
ment In crop conditions. As a result of the
numerous bear factors there wa3 much real
izing latei tn the day, July closing Tg@lc lower
at 80%®86^c. May closed at »5>,;c.
A weak undertone was manifested In corn,
July closing He lower at 47%®47%.
Weakness of wheat and corn led to a con
nldcrable selling of oats. July closed $4c lower
at 37%c.
Provisions were easier In sympathy with
the lower grain markets. Pork closed 7^c
lower and lard and ribs were unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 0« fis 94% 9!U4
July (old) HS% 88% 87$ 87%
July (new) 87% 87ft 8<iH SHU
Sept (old) S2 82H 81% 82
Sept( new) 80% S0% 80% SO\L
Corn No. 2 —
May 47?* 47% 47^ 47H
July 48% 4S% 47V4 47?i
September 47 & 47% 47 H 47 4
May '. 40% 40% 40 40%
Ju^ 38«. 38 «4 37% 37%
September 3i)% 80% 30V4 30%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 11 10 11 15 10 J>5 II 00 '
September 11 33 11 35 11 1714 n 22«4
Lard, per 100 lbs— " '*
July « :ir. « 40 n r,o e .v»s
September 6 57>4 0 57 H 6 47% a 60
.- Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 0 43 0 45 fi 37V4 6 40
September C 00 6 «2V4 6 55 6 57%
Future Grain and Provisions.
i Nicaragua — Nominal: llH'SlS'-ic for TM^me to
¦ fancy washed: flSjElOVic for fair to strictly good
! washed; SVifiSftc for good to superior un
; washed; O'i'tVliV for good to prime unwashed
I peaberry. -
Guatemala and Mexican — M'gloc for fancy
: washed; 12'fft3 1 -ic for prime to strictly prim*
I washed; UtJll'ic for strictly sood washed;
! 10%c for good washed; t)Vi©lrt',c for fair
• washed: SVitiOc for medium; ?H7%c for in
1 ferlor to ordinary: WH012%« for good to prime
• washed peaberry: 9'j®10p for good to prim*
I unwashed peaberry; 8**&l>Vic for good to su
: perior unwashed.
! LEATHER— Sole. heavy. 2!MT-11c; extra
: heavy. 31fi:«o per lb; medium. a.V^
29c; light 22*?27c: Rough Leather. 24»2«c:
Harness Leather, heavy, for No. 1 and
3Cf}3.'lc for No. 2; medium. "iK&n7c; light. 2<K>
! 3.V; Skirting No. 1. 40«42c: No. 2. .1&S39c:
, Collar Leather 15<81fic per foot: Trace Leather.
' 40(?M4c: Kip unfinished. 40 i n3Oc per lb; Veal,
finished. 5C@W)c per lb: Calf, r.ntehecl. tf.Vf?*l
j per lb" Wax Sides. I«i?il7c per foot; Pelt Knlf»
Splits. 14©16c; Rough Splits. 8<310c per lb. ,
¦ TANBARK — Ground. $2.V«?2S per ton; stick,
! $16 50«13 per cord.
j OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for sases
I add 5c; Linseed. 40c per gallon for boiled and
I 47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
. Bak*rs # AA. $1 1*91 12: Lucol. 43c for boiled
' and 43c for raw; China Nut. 6O,fi;70c per gallon;
i Cocoanut Oil In barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 53c
i for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil 68c • natural winter Sperm Oil. •WIc; extrsv
bleached" winter Whale Oil. 57c: natural Whale
Oil 52e: extra winter strained Lard Oil. 73c.
No' 1 Lard Oil €5c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73o:
No' 1 Neatsfoo't Oil. 83c: light Herring Oil.
42c- dark Herrlns; OH. 40c: Salmon Oil. 34«::
¦ boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw Fish OIL 33c; boiled
I Paint Oil 33c; raw Paint OH 31c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OH. In balk,
i 14c- Pearl OH. in casea. 2O^c: Astral. 20Vjc:
! Star. 20%c: Extra Star. 24^c; Elaine. 28%c;
: Eocene 23>4c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In,
bulk 16c; In cases. 22Hc; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; 'in cases. lf>»4c: S8-degr«e Gasoline, In
¦ bulk. 25c: In cases. 31c.
t TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon In cases and
' 75c in drums and Iron barrels.
! RED AND WHITE LEAD— RM Lea«t. 7H«
; 7*ic per lb; White Lead. 7%G?%c, ccoordlcr
: to quantity.
I QUICKSILVER— $43 50<tm 50 for local us»
I and $41 23iP42 per flask for export.
5 SALT— Bales 9<)c for common an.l $1 10 for
granulated '. Dairy $6<S7 per ton; Granulated.
! $7 501SS 50: Half Ground. 100-Ib bass. $3 25:
1 do. 5O-lb bags. $.1 75: Rock Salt. $2 S3 in 10O
i and $3 23 In 50- lb bags; Genuine Liverpool.
914. $15 and $16 per ton tn packages of 22«.
10t) and 50 lbs respectively.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows; per lb. In lOO-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.ft5c:
Powdered S.SOc; Candy Granulated. 5.80c: 'Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
S70c; Fruit Oranulated. B.70c: Beet Granu
1 lated (ICO-lb bags only). 3.60c: Confectioners'
I A 5.70c: Magnolia A. 3.3Cc: Extra C. 5.2Oc:
j Golden C 5.10c; "D." 3c: barrels. 10c more.
. half barrels 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 50. |h
bars 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
, barrels. 6.20c: boxes. 6.45c; H. A E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
1 less than seventy-five barrels or Its f»qTilralent.
' LUMBER— Pine ordinary slz^s $1S«1&: ex
: tra sizes higher: Redwood $l»«23: Lath. 4
feet. $3 73«4: Pickets. $17©25: Shingle*. $2 for
' No. 1 and SI =0 for No 2: Sfcak's $1* for
split and $13 for sawn; Rustic. $SJ«.T9.-
Salvador — t4®144c for fancy washed: 12~j'9
13Vjc for strictly prime washed; ltti a @12c for
good to prime washed; !M*10c for fair washed;
10@12^c for fair to prime washed peaberry:
9^131640 for good to prime semi-washed; 9<9
OHi! for superior unwashed: SHO$%4 tor good
green unwashed; O^ifclOc for good to superior
unwashed peaberry, 7t?8c for Inferior to or
dinary.
' BAGS — Grain Bags. 6%c spot and 5%e June-
July; San Quentln. $5 40; Wool Bags. 32@U5c;
Fleece Twine, 7'gSc.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruie
Canners' Association quotes the following prica
list:
t- sini 1
FRUITS. w §• 2, ."
? • ¦ :
Apples t *1 55';$\"0'$l 20!ll"l3
Apricots 1 40' 1 301
Blackberries 1 60 1 40| 1 30 1 20
Cherries, R. A 2 13 1 »f> 1 70| 1 4©
Cherries, white | 1 73| 1 «0 1 35
Cherries, black 2 00' 1 75! 1 «0 1 35
Grapes 1 S3 1 20 1 10 U CO
Yellow Free Peaches 150 1 30 \.. .
Lemon Cling Peaches... 2 CO 1 40 1 30
Pears 2 0O| 1 75
Plums 1 35! 1 15, 1 03 05
Raspberries 2 50! 2 25! 2 10 1 DO
Strawberries 2 00! 1 "s! 1 B0; 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2H-lb
. standard. 85c; Green Peas — Petlts pots. $1 33
6150; standards. Me; atandard. sifted. $1;
extra sifted. $1 13; marrowfat3. Sl^c.
COAL— Beaver Hill Is 50c lower; Wel
lington, *8 per ton; New Wellington, $s;
Seattle. $8 Co; Bryant. $B 50; Beaver Hill.
$5 50: Stanford. »7; Roslyn. $7: Coo»
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7: Richmond.
. $7 50: Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks;' Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
I Welsh Anthracite Egg *13; Welsh Lump.
! $11 50; Cannel. $S 60 per ton: Coke. $11 !»«B
* per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
i tain descriptions $11 45 per 2t>0» lbs ami $12 30
. per long ton. according to brand.
1 PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4*;c:
cases, regular, 5*%c; cases, extra large. t>i«c;
Eastern style. 6^-ic: boneless. 6U<?: "Norway,'*
6V4c; "Narrow Gauge." 6%c; "Silver King."
. 7Hc; blocks, "Oriental." t»';c: blocks. "Sea
bright." »J»4c; tablets, 7c; middles. 7g»^e:
! fancy boneless. Sii^.s» 4 e; pickled Cod. bbls, $S:
pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 75; Pirate Cove Cod
Liver Oil. per dozen pints, $0; per gallon. $3 25,
less 10 per cent.
CORDAGE — The* local company quotes as
¦ follows. CO days or «~i per cent discount for
rash no sales under 10.040 lbs; Manila, 14'v;
Sisal. 10%c; Duplex. 9%c; Bal« Rope. 11 v;^
ll»ic per lb.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— USlS'^e for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 12 4<ri;J L ie for prim*
I washed: ll^Q12Uc for good washed-; ilijiQi.ic
j for good to prime washed peaberry; lO&ltc for
good to prime peaberry: ll.fi lS'-ic for good to
I prime: OJUO^c for fair; THG&&C '" r common
I to ordinary.
Weather Report.
< 120th Meridian— Pacific Tim*.)
.SAN FRANCISCO. May 24. 5 p. in.
Following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with thofe of same date last sea
son and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 t>3.79 51.14
Red Rluff O.OO 31.18 24.21
Sacramento 0.0ft lrt.86 16.62
San Francisco 0.00 20.50 IS. 28 -
Frfpno O.tK) 8.04 S.50
Independence 0.00 2.37 3.34
San Luis 0!>ispo Trace 16.59 18. 4»
Los AngeleV 0.00 8.72 19.20
| San Diego 0.00 4.30 11.63
The following maximum and minimum tem
perature* are reported for preceding day from
Kastem cities: ¦
Boston 78-CCKansas City 78-62 j
Philadelphia !?2-fi< Jacksonville 84-C4
Cincinnati S2-C4 Washington S6-62 !
New Y<..rk 74-04 New Orleans SS-66
THE COAST RECORD.
~ i a sT o i 5
I Sail <s 3S I
STATIONS. S-&5§ •IraS ="* w
: 1 I : : ?
Baker 29.94 6f) 40 N\V Cloudy loo
Carson 23. U0 7« 48 W Clear .00
Eurtka V9.8S 5S 48 N Clear .00
Fresno 20.5S 102 US NW Clear .I'O
SE Farallon..29.78 56 52 S Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.64 62 44 SW Pt.Cldy .40,
Pocatello 29.60 C2 48 \V Clear .00
Independence 29.52 86 64 W Clear .00
Los Angelee..2».86 66 5S S Cloudy .00
Mt Tamalpals.2:i.79 4R 45 SW Foggy .OO
North Head.. .::<>. 00 58 4S NW Clear .0l»
Phoenix 29.62 82 62 SW Clear .00
Point Reyes... :.*». 71 T4 fxJ S Cloudy .00
Portland 30.02 70 42 E Cloudy Tr.
Red U!u.t 2».5fl SS 72 SE Clear .00
RoFeburg 29.92 70 40 NE Clear .CO
! Sacramento ..1*9. 00 7i OS SW Clear .00
| Salt Lake 29.58 73 5<i SW Rain .16
I San Frsncisco.29.78 62 54 \V Cloudy .00
S. L. ObiFpo..2J>.Rt CtS 52 8 Rain Tr.
I San Diego 2».St5 64 CO SW Cloudy .00'
'Seattle 30.06 CS 42 NW Clear Tr.
I Spokane 30.04 58 42 E Pt.Cldy Tr.
i Tat«osh 30.10 CO 46 NW Clear .00
i \Vtl!t Walla.. 2JMW 62 48 E Pt.Cldy Tr.
j Winnemucca ,29.«2 76 4S NW Clear .00
Vuma 29.64 94 C6 S Clear .00
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
\nEW YORK. May 24.— Special cable and
telegraphic communclatlons received by Brad
streefs show the following changes In avail
able supplies, as compared with previous ac-
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies decrease 2.345,000; afloat and in
Europe. Increase 1,700,000 bushels; total sup
ply decreased 645.000.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 1,734.000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies decreased 1,305.000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
General Merchandise.
20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off. and
Staga. 40 per cent off from above quotations.
From the Crop Bulletin. Catted States De
railment of Agriculture. Washington. D. C.
' U>r the wpfk «>r.ded May 9. 1904:
New York — Some strawberries and pears
•Aijlefl; peaches dama^f J generally; other fruit
•* N<-w Jersey — Orchard fruits, except apples, '»
» rVofuse bloom: projects for appks in north
ern toetkao very promising.
Pennsylvania — Except peaches, moet fruits
are blooming profusely.
• Maryland and Delaware — fruit outlook lm
.roved except for peaches; strawberries prom
ise heavy yield.
Virginia— Strawberries ripening; picking be
gun; prospects for app'.es good.
Ueorgia — IVach crop jirGiiiisrs to be largest
an many years.
Florida— Ra:n in tome portions of central
and south iii strict* of great benefit to melon*,
vcgrtjiblffc and citrus fruits.
Alabama — Kruit iTosiK-cts good.
• Mississippi— Fruits promising.
' 7'ex«* — Kruit prospects good,
i Arkansas- — Apples and j>eaches promise fair '
crops
Tennessee — Fruit prospects improved.
Kentucky — Some penchc* and many apples
neefcped damage by frost.
Mfinmil — Apples promising.
Illinois — Truit. except peaches, promising.
.- Indiana — Except poaches and in a few locali
ses cherries, fruit promises full crop. ]
West Virginia — Pro*pvct for large apple crop i
i;. northern. .-.:.¦* for 'air crop in touthern sec
tion, lair crop of other fruit promised ; rain
needed.
.. *>.V.u — Fruits blossoming rapidly; prospects
lor pCCChea improved; other fruits promising,
t s JVisconsin — Standard applet, native plums,
l dicillea. strawberries and cranberries unin
jart-d. but raspberries and blackberries killed
.to enow line.
»lo»a — J-"ruIt prospects good.
Nebraska — Fruit trees full of blossom*.
•¦. iwir.-.i- — Apples very promising.
"' 'Jkiahoma and Indian Territories — Fruit do-
Nevada — Fruit trees in full bloom In west
ern and southern ti-ctions.
Washington — Frosts not Injurious except to
, strawberries, and early vegetables; frocts of !
preceding week injured prunes and cherrtee.
Ortgon — Frost damaged hops slightly, and
luilian prunes badly; apple bloorn neavy.
The Weather and Crops.
** The weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the climate and crop service of
" tbe Weather Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Warm, clear -weather prevailed during the
• week tn most sections, with fogs in portion*
. of the coast districts and in Southern Cailfor
¦rTia. Lfegbt rain fell in the extreme south.
Ory northerly wind* prevailed la the central
• and northern sections.
. Airaln continues in fair condition in most
'^ .-..-. and so far does not .'appear to l:av<
been seriously damaged by the wind. The
; warm weather, caused rapid development of
• wheat, oats and barley, and harvesting will
within a few days in some sections.
The yield will not be equal to early expecta
tions, and tn the southern sections the crop I
vTut be very light. Haying U progressing rap
• Idly in all sections, and reports indicate a very
good yield except In the south. Hops made
rapid growth during the week and now give
indications of a large crop. Bean planting
• I* in progress in Ventura County. Sugar beets
and vegetables are doing well. Pasturage
is .still plentiful in most places, but is fail
ing ia ethers, and cattle are being driven to
the summer range*.
. .Grapes are in unusually good condition in all
• parts of the State and th* present outlook is
that the yield will be very large. Deciduous
fruits are ripening rapidly, and most varieties
• "are in good condition In nearly all places.
There will prcbably be light crops of apricots,
apples and peaches in some section*. Citrus
<ru!t* and walnuts continue In excellent con
dition.
SArRAMEXTO VALJ-ETr.— The weather dur
init the week wa* warm and clear, with dry
northerly winds for several daye. The upper
soil ha* become very Cry and hard, and grain
is not receiving the necessary moisture. So
far as rerjortfd there has been no eertou>
injury to grain by the north wind, but Us
continuance will result in considerable dim
a#rg. 'The warm weather ha* caused rapil
growth of all crop*. Haying is progressing
rapidly. a.nd the. crop Is reported very good in
. most place*. Grain will b* ready for harvest
'tn.fome sections within a few days. Pasturage
.Is drying up ojid cattle have started for th«
summer range*. Hops are looking well ana
a large crop Is expected. Vineyard* are in
first-class rendition and will yield heavily. Iw>
ciduouc fruits ere ripening rapidly. Peachee
and pears are light in some sections. Citrus
fruits «re Jn rood condition.
COAST AND BAT SECTIONS.— Clear, warm
weather prevailed during the week, with fre
quent fogs in portion* o f the coast district.
Northerly winds caused slight damage to
crop* In pome section*. Grain made gooil
growth and is In excellent condition in nearly
all places, with prospect* of a large crop.
H»ylrg is progressing rapidly: the ' crop Is
heavy in. pome sections and fair in others.
Hops are making rapid growth and a large,
crop is probable. Pasturage is becoming dry
in some plaf^s. but in abundant In others, and
cattle are doing well. Vegetables are In good
condition. Deciduous fruits are ripening, and
In most sections rife promise of large yields.
The apple crop le reported light In the Santa
Clara and Sonoma vaileys. ana peaches and
eprlcots are light In many places. Vineyards
are in excellent condition.
PAN JOAQUTN VALLET.— Clear -weather
prevailed during the week; cool during the
«*rly portion, and very warm during the lat
t»r. There were several days of brisk north
wtnd. but little or no damage resulted. The
Crrt crop of alfalfa has been harvested In
tnopt place*, and the quantity and quality
are prnerally reported good. Wheat and bar
ley are maturing rapidly, and the heads are
filling w*!l. Deciduous fruits are making
rapid growth: apricots, almonds and peaches
Ea some place* will be ll«ht crop*, but other
crops arc rood. Grapes are thrifty, and a
large crop is anticipated. Aprleota win be
ripe in some sections during the coming week,
are plentiful and all berry crops
will be large. Oliver are blooming full. Green
Is plentiful, and Fto<~k. of all kinds urw
healthy and in t;o<y\ condition. Irrigation
water Is abundant and being us*»d freely.
KOl'THERN CALIFORNIA.— The weather
was cooler than during the preceding week
and the nights were generally cloudy or fopgy.
I-lght i-howerjs fell in wome sections. . Dry
northerly winds prevailed in the vicinity of
•Alamos. Haying is in progrww; the yield
U very light In noit places. The grain crop
will be a failure In many eectlons and light
even en irrigated lands. Bean planting con
tinues. Sugar bfts are making good growth.
Deciduous fruits are backward, but the yield
will probably be good with the exception of
apricots. Berrie* are yielding excellent crops.
Melons tn Riverside County are ripening rap
idly. Oranges and walnuts continue in good
condition
EfUEKA ST'MMAHY.— Crops made ranJd
growth during the week. There will be heavy
crops of hay. oau>. apples and small fruit*.'
Farmers are preparing ground for corn and
pea*.
t/)S ANGELES SUMMARY.— The foggy
weather Is favorable for jrrowing crops, though
warmer weather would be welcome, as hay
ing Is on; tbe crop runs fair to poor. Grasa
continue* green in •ections. but i» short.
-
Government Fruit Crop Report.
NEW YORK. May 24. — Spot tin underwent
no change either abroad, where the market
was generally quiet following the holidays, or
locally. London quoted spot at £124 12s 6d
and futures were 2s 6d higher at £123 17s 6d.
Locally, spot is quoted at $27 50® 28.
Copper In London was. higher. Spot ad
vanced 2s <M to £56 los and futures 5s to £56
178 6d Locally, copper remains unchanged.
Lake and electrolytic are quoted at $13@
13 32% and casting at $12 62%@12 87%. '
Lead waa steady and unchanged at $4 45<S>
4 50 In the local market and at £11 15s in
London. . . ' '
Spelter was also unchanged in both markets,
with London closing at £22 and New York at
Iron closed at 51s 9d in Glasgow and at 43s
9d at Mlddlcsboro. Locally,- iron Is unchanged.
No 1 foundry. Northern. Is quoted at $15^;
15 BO- No.- 2 foundry. Northern. $14 50®l5;
No. i foundry. Southern, and soft, $13 60®
p'ig iron warrants dull and nominal at $9 25.
Nezu York Metal Market.
MYE— Offerings are Bmall. the 'demand is
nothing extra and the market is unchanged at
$1 30«*l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75<g2 per ctl.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 97% !i7% O7V4 97%
OATS — Dealers are quoting a dull market a*,
present, yesterday being particularly inactive.
There Is no weakness, however, and holders do
not let go unless at full figures. Offerings are
not large.
White. $1 40<fl 47%: Black. $1 22%@1 27%;
Red. $1 27%@1 35; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Tie market has again advanced under
light stocks and a good demand and Is quoted
very firm at the Improved prices.,
«. Western sacked. $1 50 for Yellow and White
and $1 47% for Mixed; California lirge Yellow,
$1 5501 CO; small round do, $1 55^1 60; White
$1 55@1 «0 per. ctl: Egyptian. $1 40S1 60 for
white and $1 27%#1 30 for brown.
2 p. m. Session.
CASH BARLEY.
* Feed. $1 05@l 07%; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 er%0!l 10; Chevalier, $1 10<@l 15 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December... 90% 97^4 96% 97%
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 31% $1 31% $1 31% $1 31%
BARLEJT — The market has been quiet and
featureless thus far this week and quotations
show little change. Offerings are fair. There
were a eouple of sales of bright Feed at/Sl 07%
yesterday morning.
2 p. m. Session.
California Club, $1 25©1 32%: California
White Australian. $1 52%@1 57%; Northern
Club. $1 3001 37%; Northern Bluestem. $1 50
(gl 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Seeslon 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 30% $1 31% $1 30% $1 31%
This market for caBh grain remains un
chnnged and dull, as the shippers are not In
the market and the millers are not active buy
ers at present. Futures were somewhat higher
yesterday.
CASH WHEAT.
The American markets show little change and
there Is no further change In crop conditions,
which continue fair, except In the Ohio Valley
and one or two other sections of the winter
A\heat belt.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The shippers are not
in the market and rates are consequently nom
inal at about IBs 3d for spot and 21s 6d asked
for new crop loading. The chartered Wheat
fleet In port has a registered tonnage of 6807.
against 1500 tons on the same data last year;
disengaged. 84,720 tons, against 84,000; on the
W^£»V phls P 01 " 1 - 2t51 .°OO tons, against 397,460.
\VHEAT— The Liverpool and Parts markets
continued closed. ' Broomhall gave the condi
tion of the crop In Europe as good, except In
that r-art' of Roumania lately affected by
drought. The growth, however. Is rather slow
everywhere. North Africa reports most fa
vorable conditions.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Receipts of Cherries were over 22C0 boxes
and the market ruled very weak at easier rates,
as local dealers purchased sparingly and ship
ping brokers were holding off in anticipation of
lower prices. Sales of exceptionally fine lots
were reported In a small way at 85c per drawer,
but the ruling prices for the best lots were
0(K§75c. the latter being about the top for the
general market. Quite a surplus of both
packed and loose stock had to be carried over.
Receipts of Strawberries continued too heavy
for the market to readily absorb and they
wire weak at previous prices, with the canners
still purchasing the large varieties at the
minimum quotation. Longworths still showed
the effects of the recent hot weather In the
growing districts, being more or less sun
burnt. Raspberries from the south sold at 20c
per small basket and three crates from New
castle, the first of the season from that quar
ter, brought $1 50 each. Blackberries and
Loganberries brought $8 per chest and crates
of the latter. frCm Fowler, Fresno County,
brought $1 75@2. Gooseberries were very
weak, with poor lots Of the common kinds sell
ing below the quotations.
Cantaloupes from Coachella were offering
again and *61d at 50c each. Twelve, boxes of
Black Figs came In from Palm Springs. Rlver
slde*County. and were held at 75c per pound,
but no sales were reported. 1 Currants from
across the bay sold at $1@1 25 per drawer.
Oranges were duil. except for small sixes of
Navels, which were firmly held at high prices.
A car of Mediterranean Sweets came In and
was offered at $1 75 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50tff5 per Chest for
Longworths and $2@3 for the larger varieties.
GOOSEBERRIES — Common. 20@25c per
drawer and 1%@2%c per lb in bulk; English,
10c per lb.
CHERRIES — C0375C per drawer for choice
red and black and 25050c for white; In bulk.
5®7c per lb for black and 3®5c for white.
APRICOTS— $1 75 per crate
APPLES— $1@2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 SO®
2 50 for fancy. $1 25«1 75 for choice and $10
1 25 for standard; Seedlings. Sl'd'l 25; Tan
gerines. $1 60; Lemons. $2 50-32 75 for
fancy. $1 60® 1 75 for choice and $1@1 25 for
standard; Grape Fruit. $1 50<gi2 for seed
less and $1<@1 50 for ordinary; Mexican Limes.
$5ft5 50 per case; Bananas. $2@3 per bunch for
Central American and $1@2 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples. $2@3 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $ 4 85%
bt°r Ing Exchange, sight — 4 87Vi
Sterling Exchange, cables..' — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight ...... — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07%
Silver, per ounce 53%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 © —
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SEATTLE. May 24.— Clearings, $618,086;
balances. $89,361
TACOMA. May 24.— Clearings. $344,159; bal
ances. $03,540
PORTLAND, May 24.— Clearings, $430,593;*
balances, $63,137.
SPOKANE May 24.— Clearings. $324,202;
balances. $35,092.
Northern Business.
Receipts of Butter continue heavy. a» will
be seen, "but th- market seems to b- taking
car* of them, much to the surprise of many
houses, who say they do not know where the
Butter Is going to, unless seme firms are quietly
storing and' keeping It dark. Los Angeles Is
taking some, but the Alaskan orders are mostly
filled, though one line which is being put up
In tins will not be completed for some little
time yet. There is considerable apprehension
among the trade that the recent advance will
enable Eastern Butter to flow In here, to toe
ultimate detriment of the market for the State
product, and about half the important houses
would have preferred to let prices stand where
tMy were and thus avoid this possible future
condition.
Cheese continues plentiful and depressed.
There Is nothing new In Eggs, the receipts
.*belng large an* the surplus being stored by &
number of houses.
Receipts were 107,300 lbs Butter. 1739 cases
Eggs and 10.700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 18%®19c
for extras and 17%@18c for flr»t»; dairy. 10®
17%c; store Butter, 13@15c; cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE— 8<8S%c for good to choice new
and 6©7c for lower grades; Young Americas.
S'gSHc; Eastern. 12%@14c; Western, ll©12c
per lb. - L ¦
EGGS — Ranch. lS©19c for fair - to choice;
store. IBSlSc; Eastern, nominal.
-Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA.- May 24.— WHEAT— Unchanged ;
bluestcm. 83c; club, 73c.
PORTLAND, May 24.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 72c; bluestem, 80c; valley. 80c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
: Beaver Hill Coal marked dozen 50c per ton.
. Wall street stocks a point or so lower.
' • Local stocks and bonds featureless and very dull.
; Sik'cr advanced y^c and Sterling Exchange firmer.
'.'jl'hrat Freights nominal tti7/t the shippers not in the market.
' :¦ Wheat crop reported in good condition all over the world.
Cvrn scarce and still higher. Barley, Oats and Rye dull.
. Trade in Millstufts considerably quieter.
*s (.vn products and Mixed Feed advanced.
, 'Hay, Bran and Middlings as previously quoted.
' ': Beans quiet, with numerous narrow variations.
¦ I- Supplies of Butter, Cheese and Eggs still large.
: ; .. "b further change in Dried Frit its.
Y. Provisions contimre dull at all points.
..- Wool moving off briskly at steady prices.
. . Hops quiet, featureless and unchanged. \ [
. •Beef, Mutton and Pork in large supply and zvcak.
'¦• Hides fairly steady at previous prices. . .
;. Cherries and Strazfbcrrics still cowing in very freely.
¦-.Orajigcs in good supply and generally dull.
' | ." -Poultry still brings good prices, with receipts moderate.
- . .Potato market badly congested with old crop stock.
Central of N J 158
Chesap & Ohio . . . 200 30 30 30
Chi & Alton 400 37% 37 37%
Chi & Alton pfd 80%
Chi & G Western.. 300 15 14% 14%
Chi & North westn. 100 170 170 169
Chi Mil & St Paul. 10,300 140% 130% 189%
Chi Mil -& St P pfd 175%
Chi Term & Trans. 2,800 7% 5% 6%
Chi Term & T pfd. 6,900 16Vi 13% 14
C C C & St Louis. 100 60»a 09% 68%
Colo Southern 15
Colo South 1st pfd. . 100 51% 61% 51
Cclo South 2d pfd. 200 .21 21 , ' 20%
Del & Hudson 100 155 155 155
Del Lack & West 268%
Denver & Rio G... .100 19% 19% 19%
Denver & R G pfd 65%
Erie 10.400 24 23% 23%
Erie 1st pfd 1,200 59 58% 5S%
Erie 2d pfd 900 35 34 Vi 34%
Hocking Valley ... 400 60 60 ft»
Hocking Valley pfd 77%
Illinois Central 129%
Iowa Central 16%
Iowa Central pfd 33
K C Southern 19
K C Southern pfd. 700 30 38% 88
LouU & Nash 800 108 107% 107
Manhattan L -. ... 800 144 143% ll.'IU'
Metropolitan Secur. 300 78% 77% 77
Metropolitan St Ry 2,600 111% 11.0 110%
Minn & St Louis 40
M Ft P & Sit St M 62U
M StP&SltSt M pfd 100 1111% 119% 118
Missouri Pacific ... 3,200 90% «9% 89%
Mo Kan & Texas ' 15%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 35
Nt R R of Mex pfd .... 30%
N Y Central 800 115 114% 114%
Norfolk & West .. 1,500 56% 56"/» 65%
Norfolk A W Dfd 85
Ontario & Western. 2,000 21% 21% 21 U
Pennsylvania 33.500 114% 113% 113&
Pitts CC&StL. 55
Reading ... 2,400 43%- 43% 43%
Reading 1st pfd 78
Reading 2d pfd 60
Rock Island Co ... 1,600 21% 21 20%
Rock Island Co pfd 100 04% 04% 61%
St L & S F 2d pfd. 200 46 45% 41
St Louis S W 12%
St Louis S W pfd. 100 32 32 30%
Southern Pacific .. 9,400 40% 45% 45%
Southern Railway.. 500 21 20% 20Vi
Southern Ry pfd 83
Texas & Pacific ... 100 21% 21% 20%
To! St L & West 24
Tol St L & W pfd. 200 39 38% 38
Union Pacific 17.500 84% 83% 84%
Union Pacific pfd.. 600 ,91% 91 JK>Vi
Wabash 600 17 16 16
Wabash pfd 1,100 31% 33% 33%
W & Lake Erie 15
Wisconsin Central ;Jt>%
Wlscon Cent pfd.. 600 88% 38% 3S
Mexican Centrat .. 400 7% 7% «Ti
Express Companies —
Adams 100 225 225 225
American 100 190 190 187
ITnlted States 100
Wells-FarRO 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . 24,500 51 49% 49%
Am Car & Fdy 16%
Am Car & Fdy pfd 500 70% 70% 70Vi
Am Cotton OH 27
Am Cotton Oil pfd S«
American Ice .... 800 7% 7 6'£
American Ic* pfd.. 300 27 >4 27 27 Vi
Am Unseed Oil.... 100 7% 7% 7%
Am Lin Oil pfd 200 28 28 26
Am Tx>comotive .. 900 20U 19% 18%
' Am Locomo pfd ... 81 j
Am Smelt & Rfg.. 1.4O0 60 49% 49% ,
Am Sm & Rfg pfd 2.800 96 95% 95%
Am Sugar Rfg 1,700 126% 126 125%
Anacon Mlntng Co 74%
Brook Rap Trans.. 15,400 47% 46% 46% |
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 400 29U 28% 29% |
Consolidated Gas . 2.200 208 207% 207% |
Corn Product* 400 11 11 11 ,
Corn Products pfd. SoO 66% 66U 60
Distil Securities 16%
General Electric .. 400 156% 156 156
Internatl Paper .. KM) 10% 10% 101i
Int Paper pfd 100 C5% 65% 65 U
Internatl Pump . . 1C0 37 37 37
Int Pump pfd 70
National Lead 1.600 19% 19% 19
North American 81
Pacific Mail 26
People's Gas 200 95% 05% 95^4
Pressed Steel Car. 200 25 25 24%
Pressed St Car pfd «6%
Pullman Pal Car 210
Republic SUel «U
Republic Steel pfd 38% !
j Rubber Goods . j. .., 14^% j
Rubber Goods pfd 77
Tenn Coal & Iron. 700 34% 33% 33% !
V S Leather 400 0% 6*', rt% i
TT S Leather pfd.. 2.!*X> 79% 79% 79% \
TT S Realty 2.700 7% 6Ti «% i
V S Realty pfd... 6.40O 62 5»Vj 60% |
V S Rubber ...... 10<J 10% 16V« 15% j
US Rubber pfd... 1.00ft 67>-i 66% 66% j
U B Pteel 5,100 IH* X ft f>% ¦
V S Pteel pfd 36,700 54% Kltf 52%
WestlnKhoune Elec. 100 15« ]5« 156
Western Union ... 100 87 87 86%
Total sales 245,3Ort shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. May 24.— No bond transactions
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid, 3%: asked. 4%. Preferred— ;
Bid. 34%: asked. 05%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO4%|L & N unified 4s.lO0%
Do coupon 104% | Man con gold 4s.io3
Do 3s reg !05%fMex Cent 4s e«
I Do coupon 103% I Do 1st inc ¦ 13 Vi
Do new 4s reg.l32%;Mlnn & St L 4s. 00%
Do coupon 132%| M K & T is luOH
Do o!d"S« reg.lOtf%| Do 2ds 77%
¦ Do coupon 106%fNR of Mex con 4s 74^i
Atch gen 4s» 101 NYC gen 3%s.. 09
Do adj 4s 91 |N J C gen fis 131
Atlantic C L 4s. 94% | Nor Pac 4s 104%
Bal & Ohio 4s. ..101 t Do 3s 72%
Do 3%b »5%|Nor & XV con 4s. 98%
Central of Ga 5«.10»i%iOSL 4s &. partlc. 94%
Do 1st Inc 74%iPa conv 3%s 04%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l(H (Reading gen 4s. .: 05%
Chi & Alton 3%e. 78%!G L & I M con 6a. 114
C B & Q new 4s. 94%|S L &. S F fg ie. S2Yi
CM & SP gn 48.100 ! /i[St Louis SW lsts. 94%
C* & NW con 7s.l27%|Scaboard A L 4s. 70
C R I & Pac is. C9',USo Pacific 4s 91%
'Do col 5n 79%|So Railway 6s lit;
C C C & SL gn4s.lOO%|Tex & Pac lsts.. 118%
Chi Term 4s 72U|T. St L & W 4s. 70^
Cons Tobacco 4s. . r .9v4[Union Pacific 4s.. 104%
Colo & So 4s 84%| Do conv 4s 96%
C F & I con 5s. 70% U S Steel 2d 5s.. 7't%
Den & Rio G 4s. 98% Wabaah lsts 115%
Erie prior Hen 4s. W% Do deb B 58%
Do gen 4s 86 |\V & L Erie 4s... 80%
F W & D C lsts.106 lWls Cent 4s 90%
Hock Val 4%s...lO6%
NEW YORK MININO STOCKS.
Adams Con 201 Little Chief c:5
Alice 20 Ontario 3 50
Breece 10|Ophlr 5 25
llrunn Con OCjIhoenlx 07
Com Tunnel lOlPotosl ...'. <j«
Con Cal A^Va... 1 <1O| Savage 30
Horn Silver 1 »5|Slerra Nev. ....... do
Iron Silver 2 OOtSmall Hopes .... i»
Lcadvllle Con ... 02lStandard 2 00
ST. LOUIS. : May 24.— Wool, active and
steady: medium ' grades combln and clothing,
17@23Vic; light fine. 15#17c; heavy fine, 11@
14c; tub-washed. 21@31c
St. Louis Wool Market.
SUMMARY OF TtiE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, May 24. — FLOUR — Receipts.
21,200 barrels; exports, 700 barrels. Firm, but
quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 20,000 * bushels. Spot,
firm* No. 2 red, nominal elevator. $1 02 f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Duluth. $1 03% f. o. b. afloat.
Options were under bearish dmiluatlon all day,
clos'pir weak *i@lc net decline. May closed
97%c\ July closed 91%c. September closed
S3%c. December closed 83%c. • .... ,
HOPS — Steady. ' J
HIDES— Steady. - -
WOOL — Steady.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
"SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 7-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3 l-16c; molasses sugar,
3 3-16c; refined, firm; No. 6, 4.55c: No. 7. 4.50c;
No. 8 4.45c; No. 9, 4.40c; No. 10, 4.35c; No. i
11, 4.30c; No. 12. 4.25c; No. 13, 4.20c; No. 14.
4.16o: confectioners' A, 4.80c; mold A, 5.30c; [
cut loaf, 5.65c; crushed, 5.65c; powdered. 5.05c: |
granulated, 4.95c; cubes, 5.20c. All grades of
refined sugar have been advanced 5c per 100 , (
pounds. j
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet: No. 7 Invoice 1 , '
C%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 10@13c. The coffee
futures market closed firm, 5 to 10 points
higher. Sales were 29,500 bags. June, 6.60c; .
July 5 65c; September. 5.90@Cc; December,
0.25c; January. 6.35c. and May 6.5036.55c
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market meets
only a limited demand, but prices show steadl- |
ness In the absence of Important offerings.
Common are quoted at 4(g6Vic; prime, 5%@
5%c;- choice, 6^@ii%c; fancy, 7<8>7%c.
PRUNES — Continue' rather unsettled, with
prices ranging from 3c to 5%o, according to
r APRICOTS — Are moving very slowly, but
with no selling pressure. Prices are main
tained around the recent level. Choice are
quoted at 9%@10c; extra choice. . 10Vi@10%c;
fancy. llfjnsc.
PEACHE3»-Kind a fair cutlet, owlnff to a
continued jobbing demand, and show some
firmness. Choice are quoted at 7Vi@7%c; ex
tra choice, 7%@Sc; fancy, 9%@10c.
New York Grain and Produce.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. May 24. — The cotton market
closed steady. 2 to 12 .points higher. \
fine medium. 15®16c; medium. 16@17c; -low
medium, . 17©18c r
Wyoming fine. 14%@15c; heavy fine,- 13®
13%c; fine medium,- 15@16c;- medium 18@13c;
low medium, 18@l'Jc. "
¦Utah and Nevada fine. 14%@15c: heavy fine.
13©13%c; fine medium. 15%®lBc; medium,
18(&19c; low medium, 19©20c.
Montana fine choice, 18@19o; fine average.
17@lSc; fine medium choice, 18@19c; average,
16@17c; staple. 18@19c; medium choice, 181*
19c. ¦
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve In the division of . redemption, shows
available cash balance, $163,219,009; gold, $62,
747,855.
almost entirely of Hens, was on sale airl
cleaned up quickly. $7 60 per dozen being iha
ruling price for the best offerings. Only 40
coops of domestic stock came in on the early
express and everything In the chicken line was
steady at about previous prices. Old Geese and
old Ducks were dull and the latter were quoted
lower. Game arrived In bad condition and
had to be thrown away. Only ti sacks were
received.
POULTRY — Live- Turkeys. 14©15c per Ib;
Geese, per pair $1 6001 "."»: Goslings. $1 75®
2: Ducks. $4 50@5 per dozen for old an.i
$5 SC®:6 for young; Hens. $6<?*7 for large and
$565 50 for small; younr Rooiters. $7 50*3
8 50: old 'Rooiters. $4 5O@5; Fryers. $5 50gt>50;
Broilers. $304 for large and $2@2 50 for
small: Pigeons. $1 25<31 50 per doxen for oM
and $1 50@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Nominal.
THE \SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1904.
Continued on Page Fourtwn.
BOSTON. May 24. — The demand . for old
' wools -In 'the market .hag been unusually quiet
! the past -week. There have been I no trarmac
•¦¦ tlons of any size, . almost all of the business
being In the nature of cleaning the market of
j old stock. .. From the manufacturer's." stand
! i>olnt the situation" is no more favorable than
¦ at any time during the spring. Foregln wool*
I are fjuiet.; . . ¦• « ¦'....¦.
Territory, quotations: • . . .
! - " Idaho ' fine, 14%©l3c; heavy fine. l$@13tfc-
Boston Wool Market.
FOR TUESDAY. MAY 2».
Flour, qr ska .. B.+»* Tallow. ctls .... 2-T9
vi ! hf»t ctii .... i.5«=:hui«i. no. .... rsr
Barley ct\» .... 521 Pelt*. No 8f5
Cnrn ctls 3-TMLIme bbls 4110
nrertl" 1 82! Pa per. reams ... 1.270
Beans -sks • IT I Wine, gals- ».fl60
Potatoes iks . : , 1..T21 i Broomcom, btfls. t7
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
60--AUCTI0N SALE--80
Sixty head of DRIVING. WORK and DRAFT
HORSES trom Yolo County. Cal.. weighing
from lCO»Vto lCOO pounds. Very few of this lot
will weigh less than I ICO ponds. Ten hend
ha!ter broken; flrty head broken. In gooU ord<sr
and ready for work.
They are suitable for all purposes, from mlllc
wagon* to trucks.
An inspection by prospective buyers Is In-
vited.
Sale Takes Place
TUESDAY, HAY 31, 19^4, AT 8 P. M.
At Salesyard. 1732 MARKET ST.. near Vaa
Ne««i Ave., San Francisco.
Horses at Yard, Sunday. May 21).
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
'-' ¦ ¦:¦- --•¦¦"-•'. Livestock Auctioneers.
AT AUCTION * jtw
HORSES. HORSES. \rSj
AT J. B. HO RAX' S SALE3 YARDS.
Corner of Tenth and Bryant Streets. •
THURSDAY MAY 2*STH, AT 11 O'CLOCK.
By order Of Mr. John Patterson of Reno. 1
will sell 12O head of choice young horses and
mares, weighing from 100O to 150O and from 2
to 7 years old. in good condition, heavy boned
and blocky built, and they are horsts that ara
sure to give good satisfaction. They will ar-
rive Wednesday morning and must and will ba
sold. 8. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
N. B. — I also have 50 head of 2 and 3 year old
mules and 50 head of young mares with well
bred colts by their sides that I must dispose of
before June the 10th. For further particulars
call or address S. WATKINS, office 122 Grova
street. Phone South 20.
TO-MORROW
THURSDAY. MAT 26. 1904.
At 11 o'clock a. m.. at Salesroom.
1133 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th and 8th.
I shall sell the SUPERIOR FURNISHINGS
of seven elegantly furnished homes, which hav*
been removed to salesroom for convenience of
sale.
NOTE^ — For particulars see Chronicle.
. ABE LEVY. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE
fta> Jfc* <fesi
at ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH ST.
WEDNESDAY. May 25. at 11 a. tn.
I wtll sell 50 GOOD WORK HORSES weigh-
ing from 1OCO to 1500 lbs.. 8 to 8 years old.
ready to go to work. This stock Is th« prop-
erty of MILLER & WRIGHT, railroad con-
tractors
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.Colored Woman Disappears.
The police and Morgue officials
have - been asked to investigate : the
disappearance of Mrs. Mabel Tingle,
a colored maid, who, lived at:425'Bush
street. She was last seen on the night
of May 23. She left several notes; to
the effect that she had done wrong" to
her husband, who runs an elevator at
807 Sutter street, and would kill her
self. She had been talking about.pay
ing a visit to friends in . Los l Angeles
and.it is supposed she has gone- there.
The ; police are taking no action in. the
matter.
The Merchants' Association has had
a record year for prosperity, according
to the reports presented at the organi
zation's annual meeting held yester
day. Much good has been done since
May of last year and greater tasks are
to be undertaken before another
spring. The following named business
men, to constitute one-third of the
board of directors, were elected for
three years: Frank J. • Symmes. P. c.
Rossi, Robert H. Swayne, Foster p!
Cole and Andrew M. Davis. The asso
ciation will hold its anual banquet at
the Palace Hotel this evening.
Elect New Directors.
The stair building plant of McKee
& Co., located at .3208 ' •> Sixteenth
street, was totally destroyed by fire at
10 o'clock yesterday forenoon. Dur
ing the conflagration Hoseman
George Spellman of Engine Company
No. 7, who mounted the roof carry
ing a line of hose, was seen to lose his
balance and fall to the ground.: He
was hurried to) the Railroad Hospital,
where he was treated for a bad sprain
of the back.
The fire, which wiped out the entire
structure, originated, as*, far : as- could
be ascertained, In the engine-room.
The loss on building, machinery and
material on hand will /amount to
about 52000 and is covered by insur
ance. . \ ¦ ¦,- <¦:}•?:'
I f oscnian Spellman Falls From Roof
to Ground, Sustaining Injuries
-;~l\ : :'¦-, 4 to His Back.
STAIR BUILDING PLANT
DESTROYED BY FIRE
Storage Battery. 'Necessary.
Horace G. Platt, president of the
Geary-street Railway Company, sent
a communication to the Supervisors
yesterday stating that an electric road
could not be constructed on Geary
street without a storage battery and
motor generators, which would cost
$97,000. Platt- says thirty cars are
required to keep the road. running. .
The literature sent out by the Cal
ifornia Promotion Committee in the
last twenty-one months has amounted
to 1,000,000 pieces. These pamphlets
treat on all sections of California, its
resources, Industrie? and opportuni
ties. This has been done in addition
to an immense amount of other ad
vertising put out by the committee.
A convention of secretaries of com
mercial bodies of eighteen leading
Western cities will meet at the head
quarters of the California Promotion
Committee on Saturday, June 4. The
object of this meeting will be to in
duce associations holding' conventions
in St. Louis this year to meet in Pa
cific Coast cities in 1905. Represent
atives will co-operate to secure re
sults for every coast city. Among the
localities that will be represented on
June 4 are Denver, Salt Lake, San
Francisco, Los Angeles, Seattle, Spo
kane, Tacoma, Butte, Helena, Ana
conda, Boise, Pocatello, Lewiston and
Portland.
Nine California members of the
American Medical Society will leave
here to-morrow to attend a national
convention In Atlantic City June 4.
They will advocate San Francisco as
the meeting place for the society in
June, 1905. They will take with them
a car loaded with fruits and wines
donated by the California Promotion
Committee, leading commercial bodies
and firms of the State. They will
also have for distribution among the
3000 physicians that attend the con
vention a complete supply of litera
ture on all portions of California.
William McMurray will have charge
of the car.
Efforts Are to Be Made at Two Con
ventions to Attract Attention
to the Coast.
Rudolph Barth, watchmaker and Jeweler, 134
Sutter St.- (upstairs). Watch and Jewelry repair
ing a ipecialty. Careful attention paid to re
pairing French clocks. Phone Red 1221. •
MAKE MOVES THAT LEAD
TO PUBLIC PROMOTION*
Xgnen Lun's Trial Closing.
The trial of Nguen Lun. charged
with the murder of Tom Tick of the
Chinese Educational Society on March
8, 1903, is drawing to a close before a
Jury in Judge Lawlor's court. Yes
terday a number of witnesses were
examined for the defense, including
Lieutenant William Price and Ser
geants Blank, Sylvester and Brophy.
who testified that the reputation of
the Chinese Educational Society was
bad in Chinatown. Witnesses were
heard In rebuttal and It was an
nounced that the evidence would be
all in. this morning.
The commencement exercises of St.
Rose's Academy were held yesterday
afternoon in Native Sons' Hall, which
was thronged with friends of the
happy young graduates. An interest
ing literary and musical programme
preceded the distribution of medals
and certificates among the pupils.
Among those that took part in the
entertainment were . the following:
Ellie Ewing, Lenore Peters, Philo
mene Hagan, Romana Mulqueen, Mary
Hickey, Albertina Mayrhofer, Mazie"
Cook, Ella Cook, Mary Sheehan, Gene
vieve Sullivan, Marion Collier, Mar
garet Kelly, Ethyl Kelly and Gertrude
Hopkins.
Afternoon Entertainment Given by
Pupils of St. Rose's Academy
in -'Native Sons' Hall.
Fi.sh Commission Is Active.
Emanuel Maggio has been arrested
by officers of the Fish Commission for
having undersized striped bass in his
possession. Justice of the Peace Bald
win cf Eureka fined Thomas Robinson
$30 for shipping deer hides. The
United States fisheries station at Boze
man, Mont., will soon ship 100.000
Grayling eggs to the California Fish
Commissiqn.
Special Hr.tcs for tl>e Flower Festival
at Uealdsbuj^r.
On Friday. May 2< — Parade Day — the
California Northwestern Railway will
eell tickets at $2 00 for the round trip.
Leave Tiburon Ferry 7:30 a. m.. and
on the return leave Healdsburg at 4:35
p. m. •
I'roble Clef Club in Concert.
Th»- Treble Clef Club will give a con
cert at Steinway Hall to-morrow
right. An interesting musical and vo
cal programme will be rendered by
capable artists.
Burnett's Vanilla Extract used
and hleWy indorsed by all leading hotels. •
Saloon Man Held.
Martin Walsh was held yesterday
\i\ United States Court Commissioner
"Heacock for trial on a charge of hav
ing failed to destroy revenue stamps
on empty cigar boxes. Walsh keeps
a saloon on the corner of Ellis and
Mason streets.
Manila Chamber of Commerce.
Juan Araneta is a land owner.
Julio Accaoili is Governor of Ilocoa
Norte.
Mena Crisologo is Governor of II
ocos Sur.
Leoncio Gonzales Liauete" is editor
of La Democracia.
Rogaciano Rodriguez is a member ot
the Manila City Council.
Manuel Gomez Martinez Is secretary
of the Manila Board of Health.
Ricardo Paras is Governor of Tay
abas.
Francisco Sanz is Governor of
Romblon.
Joaquin Ortega is Governor of Union,
Cebu. v
Alejandro Roces is a prominent busi
ness man and Fermin Zacarias is sec
retary to Commissioner Legarda.
PRETTY GRADUATES HOLD
,/ COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES
To-morrow (Thursday) we will give
you another chance. 2000 pairs ladies'
•shoes, all sizes, all widths, black and
tan. up to date.- for 33 cents a pair. Chil
dren's shoes in profusion. Also 2000
pairs men's shoes, black or tan. worth
52 &0. for S5 cents a pair. Be on time.
Sale* begins? Thursday morning at 9
o'clock sharp. Massachusetts Shoe Co.,
corner Market ar.d Seventh streets. Odd
Fellows' building. •
The Price Is 35 Cents
Llrs. Pwitaa averred that since that
tbac she had endeavored to trie? the
whereabcuts of her child, but a'thouph
Fhe importuned Daniels to tell her, he
refused. It was not till April last
that she discovered the child living at
Hie noun- oi \!ie Hymans on Post
Fveet. She went there and made a
demand for th3 lube, but Hyman re
fifed to part wl»h it Thereupon, Mrs.
Freitas made application for a writ of
habeas corpus ¦•.<• recover posi&ision of
the- child. Jud.^ Dunne near! the tes
i ; iv n y yester.iay.
Hyman testified that the child had
been siven to him and his wife by
Daniels on February 19. 1S97. and that
the adoption papers were recorded on
October 14 following, the child's name
being Fern Beatrice Hyman. She had
been adopted by him because he had
been informed shfc had been abandon
ed by her mother. Other testimony
v.as taken, including that of Mrs. Frei
tes, who declared that Ehe had never
abandoned the child nor consented to
any adoption papers. The Judge said
he would take the case under advise
ment and would notify the attorneys
when he was ready to give his deci
sion.
A pretty golden-haired girl of seven
years was the center vt interest in
Judge Dunne's court all day yester
day, and the seemed to wonder what
a!.l the talking was about. For her
pot-session there was a legal fight be
• i ween her mother, Mrs. Grace Freitas,
•wile of a druggist in" Stockton, and
her adopted parents, felr. and Mrs.
David Hyman, i»45 Pest street.
When Mrs. Freitas was Miss Grace
~Le Febvre she gave birth to the child
at Clipper Gap, Placer County, in Jan
uary. 1S97. It was named Winifred Le
»bvre. About slot weeks later Mrs.
Alice Le Febvre. the child's grand
mother, arranged with Rev. J. W. Dan
iels, assistant superintendent of the
Vhildrcr.'s Home Finding Society, to
lake care of the child and its mother
v.-as made to sign a paper relinquish
ing all right to it. She now declares
Fhe did not know what she was signing
nr.d as socn as her mc-ttier told her
she tried to intercept Daniels ny tele
j,i3Bs, but failed. Her mother, hew
«\er, informed her that a condition was
made that it it was desired le recover
possession of the child it eou'd be done
:;t any time.
Thomas C. West paid a glowing trib
ute to the President of the United
States. He first spoke of the different
Presidents from a standpoint of indi
viduality and then spoke of the great
position the office of the President of
the United States plays in the world to
day. His ¦ remarks about President
Rosevelt were received with great ap
plause.
The committee of arrangements was
composed of C. W. Bennett, Wilfrid B.
Chapman, William Balnaves and G. A.
Wright.
William Greer Harrison in the course
of his remarks stated that the member
ship of the club, since Consul Bennett's
advent here, had increased from ninety
members to 200. Referring to the late
Mrs. Porteous he said:
The society has to. deplore the death during
the past year of a lady who was a true friend
to all in distress. Mrs. Janet Porteous. Her
good deeds live after her,- Mrs. Porteous hav
ing left to the society three houses on Cali
fornia street valued at over $20,000. the rents
ot which will soon be available as an asset.
Steps will , be taken to connect this 'asset di
rectly wlth\the name of Mrs. Porteous Jn some
rpecial form of relief, such as endowed beds
in a hospital or In some other way.
Mr. Rulofson in the course of his re
marks said:
Kinr Edward Is a good husband, an ideal
father, always a devoted son and a grand
King. Perhaps these qualifications he im
bibed from us during his visit to this country
when he was a lad of 10.
* "The Kln;r," proposed by chairman; "God
Save the Kine," orchestra and company; re
sponse, by Alfred C. Rulofson; "The Presi
dent." proposed by chairman; "Star- Spangled
Banner," orchestra and company; response by
Thomas. C. West ; . • 'The British Benevolent So
ciety," William Greer Harrison; song — "My
Pretty Jane," A. Willitc; "The Land We
Live In." P. Livingston Dunn; song — "Tha
Harp That Once Through Tara's Halls." A.
Wilkie; "The Ladles." Allan Pollok; song—
"Annie Laurie," William Bainaves.
The following was the programme:
The British Benevolent Society of
California held its annual banquet at
the Palace Hotel last evening. It was
the first. time in the history of this or
ganization that the fair sex has' even
participated- in the festivities of the
occasion, ' and from the expressions of
all present it will not be the last time.
In honor of the occasion the walls of
the Maple room -were gayly decorated
with Hags of Great Britain and Amer
ica. The tables were embellished with
masses of American Beauty roses. H.
B. M. Consul General Courtenay Wal
ter Bennett was chairman. He was
very happy in his ,- introductory re
marks. , He spoke feelingly of the late
lamented Queen Victoria, and said that
on this • day, the anniversary of her
birth, the thoughts of every British
subject turned with admiration to her
memory. The 24th of May is now called
empire day.
Manuel de Iriate has, been chief of
the bureau of archives since 1899,
Pablo Tecson is Governor of Bulu
can. He was an insurrecto coloneL
Juan Cailles. Governor of Laguna,
was a brigadier general in the insur
rectionist armv and led the Americans
many a hard chase. He was pretty
riearly always ready to fight, but show
ed remarkable "discretion."
Bernardino Monreal, Governor of
Sorsogon, was a colonel.
Juan Pimentel is Governor of Ambos
Camarinos.
Alfonso Ramos is Governor of Tarlac.
Epifanio de los Santos is Governor
of Nueva Ecija.
Juan de Leon is Mayor of Iloilo and
a prominent lawyer.
Victorino Mapa is Associate Justice
of the Philippine Supreme Court.
Manuel Corrales, Governor of Misa
mis, Mindanao, also fought Americans
in his day.
Juan Climaco, Governor of Cebu,
helped make things lively in the cam
paign of 1899.
Ruperto Montinola is examiner of
titles in Iloilo.
Simeon Luz is Governor of Batangas.
Jose Albert is a leading physician and
politician.
Ceferino de Leon is a capitalist and
legal luminary.
Arturo Dancel is Governor of Rizal
and a famous hunter of ladrones.
Juan Simu Long is a prominent at
torney, who was a member of the Fil
ipino Congress.
Juan de Loyzaga y Ageo is editor of
El Comercio in Manila,
Hilarion Raimundo was a prominent
insurrectionist.
Sixto Rojas is a Batangas capitalist.
Francisco Reyes is president of the
Fernando M. Guerrero was editor of
La Independencia until the boys in
khaki captured his printing outfit at a
barrio in the hills. Since then he has
been on the staff of El Renacimiento
ia Manila.
HOLD HIGH OFFICES. ¦
Benito Legarda is also a member of
the Philippine Commission. He has
traveled widely and is highly cultured.
He was vice president of the insur
rectionist Congress.
Jose R. de Luzuriaga is a member
of the Philippine Commission from
Negros. He is a* captain of industry.
Cayetano S. Arellano has been Chief
Justice' of the Philippines since 1900.
He refused to assist Aguinaldo.
itf Gregorio Araneta of Iloilo has been
Solicitor General since 1901. He was
a .member of the insurrectionist Cab
inet. . f
Arsenio Cruz Herrera is president of
the Municipal Board of Manila. He
also was a member of the "forward
march" Cabinet.
Tomas G. del Rosario is a noted
lawyer and took part in the organiza
tion of 'the Federal party. % .
Ariston Bautista Lim is a noted phy
sician of European education. •
Ramon Genato owns more coffee
plantations than he can count.
The Philippine Commission has se
lected fiftv. of the leading natives of
the archipelago to constitute a board
of observation of the United States
and to visit the St. Louis Exposition.
The distinguished visitors will be
treated with the greatest courtesy by
the Government, and receptions will
be. tendered them in many of the
country's largest cities. The best
known families in the Philippines are
represented in the delegation, and the
individuals have all made names for
themselves under the military or the
civil government. The visitors will ar
rive in this port on the Siberia and
will be entertained during their so
journ in San Francisco by the commer
cial bodies and representatives of the
army and navy.
Trinidad H. Pardo de Tavera, one of
the visitors, is a member of the Phil
ippine Commission. He was educated
in Paris. He belonged to* Aguinaldo's
first Congress, but' subsequently came
over to the side of the United States.
He has been president of the Federal
party in the islands and has written
several books. He is a member of the
Legion - of Honor of France, of, the
Order of Isabella the Catholic" - of
Spain and of the Order of Christ of
Portugal.
ARE HONORED MEN.
Brown Men Who 'Won Fame
in War and in Peace Are
to Get a Hearty Welcome
Adopted Parents of Girl,
Seven Years Old, Refuse
to Give Up Possession
Alfred C. Rulofson Pays- a
"Glowing. Tribute to the
Ruler of Great Britain
HER CLADI CONTESTED
RECEPTION IS PLANNED
PRAISES ENGLISH KING
Dr. Emmal Informed Judge Mogan
that he no longer fears a fatal out
come of the stabbing of Mrs. Clara
"Sure you may. I ¦ got out of jail
yesterday morning ana was run in
again last night. Why. if you had
given me six months I wouldn't 'a'
kicked."
The bench bowed and Mary retired.
• . • ¦ •
"You're a good fellow," said Mary
Locke to Judge Fritz after he had sen
tenced her to thirty days for drunk
enness.
"Thank you. Mary," blushingly re
sponded his Honor; "but may I ask
wherein you find evidence of my good
ness?" .«#
After hearing all the evidence for
and against Joseph Egan, alias "The
Kid." Judge Mogan intimated that he
would send the case to the Superior
Court. Egan is accused of having
brutally assaulted a man who was
driving a team belonging to a teaming
establishment boycotted by the Stable
men's Union. He had been in trouble
before.
Denis OXeary, a brawny blacksmith,
was given nine months in the County
Jail for beating his seventy-four-year
old mother and Judge Mogan express
ed regret that he could not make the
fellow's punishment more severe, as it
was the third offense of that kind
of which the brute had been convicted.
It was testified that because he sus
pected his sister Mary of having taken
two ducks from the family flock at
319 Twenty-ninth street he had visited
his wrath unen his mother, striking
her with a chair and hurling a stove
lid after* her as she fled from his pres
ence. Hi? previous conviction was fol
lowed by a six months' sentence.
"Allan. Earl de Montespan, petty lar
ceny," was the way it appeared on
Judge Fritz's calendar, but expecta
tion of seeing a scion of Britain's proud
nobility was shattered by the discovery
that the comma after the first name
had no proper place there. Nor did
Allan Earl de Montespan, former pri
vate in the United States infantry, be
tray aristocratic lineage as he pleaded
not guilty to the charge of having
stolen a coat from his roommate. Two
policemen failed to make the charge
stick, and A. E. D. M. was dismissed.
Ostentation was conspicuously ab
sent from the wedding of Miss Bertha
Kewnig and young William Hampshire
at high noon yesterday in the court
room of Police Judge Mogan, who of
ficiated with wonted grace and dignity.
The 16-year-old bride's comely coun
tenance wore a genuine smile of con
tent that was better to look upon than
trailing satin and orange blossoms, and
the 21-year-old groom did not seem to
feel embarrassed in his workaday at
tire. She was supported by her mother,
Mrs. Barbara Kewnig, and a few other
female members of the family faction
in whose cause she threw a brick and
provoked arrest, and he was upheld by
the moral support of every man in the
chamber. A large number of the Bar
bara Kewnig adherents would have
been In at the ceremony if attention to
their daily vocations had not prevent
ed. Among those who sent regrets
were .Padishah Y. Kewniff, in the
canned tamale trade; Mrs. Abner N.
Kewnig, detained by imminent aug
mentation of her maternal responsi
bilities, and Mrs. L. Gallinger Kewnig,
hunting a desirable flat. Still there
were enough of Mrs. Barbara's sympa
thizing clansmen and kinswomen in
evidence to choke the corridor before
they were admitted to the chamber.
Mrs. Barbara gave away her daugh
ter, and Master Hampshire accepted
the fair sift with manly nervousness.
When the knot was tied the Judge de
livered a touching address to the young
couple, and so deeply affected by the
scene was Dick Jose, the famous tenor,
that in a voice clogged with emotion
he began chanting "The Fated Wed
ding." instead of humming the Men
delssohn nuptial march, as he had been
invited to do. His blunder was fortu
nately overlooked in the general desire
to extend congratulations to the newly
wedded pair.
After a trolley ride to the beach and
return Mr. and Mrs. Hampshire took
up housekeeping at the residence of the
bride's mother. 65 Prospect avenue,
where they will be at home to friends
as soon as the groom gets a job. He
is a valuable acquisition to the house
of Barbara, as he holds a Hawthorne
Club lightweight boxing championship
and is physically fit as a fiddle.
It may not be amiss to add that
after marrying Miss Bertha to the lad
of her choice Judge Mogan dismissed
the charge of brickthrowlng that
brought her into his court and indirect
ly led her to the altar.
Daniel Nunan, employed by Bis
slnger & Co., dealers In hides, pleaded
guilty to having had consigned to him
120 deerskins in violation of the game
laws and Judge Mogan fined him $50.
Peter Olesen expressed readiness to
swear that Mary Hawley pilfered $25
from his pocket as he slumbered in a
Mission-street lodging-house,. and Pa
trolman J. J. Moran, who arrested the
woman, • informed Judge Mogan that
in his opinion Peter knew what he
was talking about. The full story Will
be brought out next Monday.
Marcus N. Carroll tried .to scare his
better half by threatening to -. gulp a
large bottleful of carbolic acid, but
instead of . being intimidated she had
him arrested for disturbing the peace.
"Is the defendant in court?" in
quired Judge Mogan.
"Yes, sir," responded Mr. Carroll,
rising from amid the spectators; "you
told me to come back when you let me
go on my own re-re-resignation."
Before the attorneys' table re
covered its equanimity the case had
been dismissed.
"Come back to-morrow and learn
your fate," said Judge Mogan, "but
don't bring the instruments you men
tioned to prove your claim to musician
ship. I'd l-ather take your word for
that than have it practically corrobo
rated."
•vi'se no vag, but er profeshnul
musician," pleaded George Smith
(colored), after he had been accused
of depending for a livelihood upon the
terpsichorean toil of Miss Thelma
Taylor of 14 Pinckney alley. "I oper
ate wif de piano, de banjo an' de
bones," he continued, in injured tone,
"an" if dem instruments wur heah 'I'd
prove my 'sertion. As fo' dis yah
lady, my 'tenshuns ter her hev been
strickly hon'ble. I've seen her home
wunst er twicst, but 'tis wus only so
cial cuhtesy ter do dat — nuffin' mo.' "
Thirteen was an unlucky number for
George Smiley,' for he was given six
months by Judge Mogan for having
stolen one dozen and one suits of
clothes from room No. 6, 44 East
street, occupied by James Richards.
It was also proved that he had em
bezzled 535 from J. H. Flattmann, and
for that he was given six months
more.
"That I cannot answer until I have
ascertained something more concern
ing your character," was the reply;
"but don't be startled if it happens
to be ten or ten, or even twenty-five
or twenty-five. I'll enlighten you to
morrow." *
"What's the diff ?" she asked, giving
the gum quid an extra crunch. "It's
five or five, ain't it?"
With her hands thrust deep in the
side pockets of a navy blue "reefer"
and her blonde coiffure surmtmnted by
a natty yachting cap, Matilda Peter
son gnawed gum and*laced a vagrancy
charge in Judge Mogan's court. She
offered no defense and adroitly side
stepped his Honor's casual inquiry as
to whether she was a sure-enough
yachtswoman or had merely donned
the costume because it enhanced her
natural charms.
William Reardon, Frank Holland,
Walter Vogle and Thomas McMahon
were the names registered by the de
fendants, and it was alleged that they
and three other lads, still uncaptured,
stole the barrel from Signor Cassino's
store at Army and Alabama streets,
rolled it to a sequestered cave in a
near by hillside and there held wassail
until they were discovered and ar
rested. They had drunk deeply of the
beverage.
"If these lads survive till next Fri
day, I'll hear more about this case,"
said his Honor, still gazing as if fas
cinated by the unruffled countenances
of the quartet that had imbibed freely
of claret retailed at 27 cents a gallon.
L. A. Cassino testified that the ten
gallon barrel of claret stolen from him
was valued at $2 70 and as Judge Mo
gan looked at the four boys charged
with the theft his face plainly ex
pressed wonder that they were not de
funct, or at least very sick..
"It's dead easy, cully, dead easy,"
muttered Leland as he was re-entering
the prisoners' cage.
But the remark was overheard by
Bailiff Hickey and repeated to the
Judge, who glanced at its author in a
way that did not presage leniency if
he is convicted.
H. M. Leland, a husky-looking fel
low, was beating his fragile better
half, Vernie, when a policeman arrest
ed him at 6 o'clock yesterday morning
on Kearny street, near Pacific. The
woman told Judge Morgan that soon
after coming here from her parents^
home at Santa Maria she met and mar?
ried Leland, who immediately compell
ed her to support him by working in a
dance hall. As evidence of the assault
she displayed a bruised and scratched
face. Disturbing the peace and va
grancy were the charges- entered
against the defendant, but when the
Judge glanced at the woman's scarred
countenance he instructed the police
man to add a formal accusation of bat
tery and then he continued the case
till to-morrow.
• • •
Lefevre by Mrs. Anna Speakman Ia6t
Thursday and that the injured 'woman
may be able to appear to prosecute her
assailant within two weeks. "Mrs.
Speakman's bail was then increased
from $100 to $200, which was promptly
furnished.
Testimony Heard by Judge
Dunne on a Writ Applied
for by 3Irs. Grace Freitas
British Benevolent Society
Entertains the Fair Sex
at Its- Animal Banquet
Flower of the Philippines
Aristocracy Will Arrive in
This Port on the Siberia
Sixteen-Year-OId Miss Bertha, Who Threw Brick at Mrs.
Lizzie, Becomes the Bride of Young Willi:m Haropstvre,
and Judge Mogah Gets Rid of a Brain-Softening- Case
SEEKS CUSTODY
OF HER CHILD
LADIES ATTEND
EMPIRE DINNER
HOLD HONORS
IN FAR EAST
HYMEN BRINGS COMFORT
TO A KEWNIG FACTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, : , . WEDNESDAY, ; MAY 25,-1904.
••I've been everywhere, IVe seen everything
worth seeing, I've tasted everything worth tast
ing, and *Old Gilt Edge* is' the best whiskey."
That man started off like an* egotist, but he
finished like a «ood Jud*e 0* whiskey. •
The Austrian Carniolan Benevolent
Society of St. Joseph will hold a cele
bration in honor of the society's adop
tion of a new national Hag at the San
Francisco Turn Verein Hall, 353 Turk
street, on the evening: of May 29. The
entertainment will consist of speeches,
musical numbers and a ball.
Will Honor New Flas.
16
rrrTTTi mmii i in mw\i in 1 "— — -i nn ¦mum ¦¦iiiiiiiw" iMi '^"imaBffliTwriiir»»MM
Crjrx^t J^egal Shoe Dressing is
clean. There's noth-
mRSSmv ing gummy or sticky
ffl^^S about it. It will not soil
W* t^ ie a^ nt^ est linen.
W\ -WwreSiw " **' is made to do two things — to
y \|^^^^ preserve leather and to polish.
ft * s liquid. The fluid part soaks
right into the leather fibres, where it
iliiJli^k^w belongs — softens, lubricates, rejuve-
pl^Piiliira^M na tes. Floating in the fluid is a fine
polishing powder which remains on
; the surface of the leather — doesn't
sink in. You brush or rub the sur-
face and get polished leather—not polished paste. The
polish of Regal Dressing doesn't smudge or. scratch easily.
It doesn't rub off or grow dull like a pasty polish. 1
* At all Re*al Store»--25 Cents.' ' *
There are 72 Regal Stores,' 25 of them- In Greater.New York, where the styles
originate. The new styles are on sale at our San Francisco Store at the same
time as in; the. New -'York Stores. . t
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STORE..Cbr. Geary & Stockton Sts.
WOMEN;S STORE- . :. . . . . .\ .... ..:..Cor? Geary '&'- Stockton Sts^ ;
•I-'*' : ¦*¦----: '•;. ••¦• --. " ¦ ¦ ". . — ¦:¦: - \ -:¦¦;¦¦: ., •• . :• '<: ¦ ¦¦'¦ ¦:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jil, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
NOTE-Our Special Sale of HIGH-CLASS
NOVELTY SILKS and COLORED TAFFETAS
will be continued all this week.
SPECIAL !
50 nieces Cream Etaming Voile, 38 inches
wide, warranted all wool 50c uard
We will also have on sale another ship-
ment of 56-in. WEST-OF- ENGLAND TAILOR
SUITINGS, in Invisible Checks, Small and
Medium Stripes and Mixed Colorings. These
goods are all pure wool, come in a great vari-
etu of colorings and are the Fabrics so much
in demand for traveling dresses.
Price $1.50 uard.
This week we will have on sale a larcr?
importation of NEW SILK and WOOL, and
ALL WOOL DRESS MATERIALS, in FahCD
Voiles; Chiffon Samite, Granites, Albatros,
Chiffon Voile, Silk and Wool Crepes, French
Semes, Cheviots, Wool Crepes, Nuns' Serges,
Sicilians and Brilliantines,
Prices 50c to $2.00 uard.
Special Values in Our
Colored Dress Goods
Department
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVESTISEatENTl.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
l» s^^^^ .1S i CSi^^^r^Sa^^^** is % * __
I A Splendid Bedroom Suit,
ty Those bie rolls on the head and foot boards of thebeid . j§
ff are a good 4 inches in diameter. ||
\i Curved too drawers in bureau and washstand. Carvings if
jC are deeply chiseled. ¦ ||
!r- A stronz, handsome suit, built to endure. ||
% Special Sales Jl
Every Week
China
Crockery
Glassware
Enamel Ware
Household Goods
C Watch Our o
r Stores. M
Prices Talk.^p
I It Pays to Trade I
AT ~
Great American Importing Tea Co's
storcs m .ah
861M*rWt 210 Grant st* 1419 Polk
140 Sixth 1819 Dvrtodera TO5 L*rkm
£7SH»!ffht SOWSlxtMnth SSSRsym
32S5Mi«rion 521 Montz'y **«. 52 Mark.t
»C8 PUhaor. 251S Mismion 146 Ninth
866 Third v 489 Foarth 2732 Uth
|"VanVroom w I
|1 DENTAL PARLORS jl
I 1 SIXTH and MARKET , |ij
DDTTCUTJ'C TO** barbers, ba-
DnUullLb ke "- bootblack., bath-
**'" w -*"\*^. houses, billiard tablet
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers. canner»
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries. pap«r-
hansers. printers, painters, shoe, factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners. • tailors, etc.
BUCXAITASr BEOS,
Brush MaauTactnrers. CO9 Sacramento St.
1 :*^ MAPKrr'V 'iP^JSaP
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is the only cure fcr Hervotn aa4
Bronchial ASTHMA. {
Tour prugglst or at 608 HAIGUT IT* \ '
San Francisco, CaU _,.-¦*