1D*S*rn*GUISHBD • ECCLESIASTICS
ATTENDING t THE « METHODIST
GENERAL CONFERENCE.-, * ¦
RUSSIAN TROOPS ON*. THEIR i WEARISOME MARCH TOWARD THE FRONTIER OF KOREA.
Continued i on - Pago - 3, ¦ Column • 2."
merely clerical; to the:medical.'superin
tendent.': - It j, is'; Eaid?- that] Clark /* had
been living 'beyond ' his 'mean's v f6r 'a
long tlmej . : . : */ ••
Passing of Prominent Physician.
PHIDALEPHIA. May 4.— Dr. Wil
liam Barton Hopkins.' weir known in
medical circles as an author, died to^
day of cholera morbus.
PARIS. May 4. — Ex-Premier Wal
deck-Rousseau, who In March went to
the Riviera after a three months'dan
gerous Illness and who was reported
to be on the road to recovery,' is in a
serious condition. He will undergo
an operation to-morrow.
Waldcck-Rousscan Seriously 111.
~ Chicaco Manager Says His Theatrr Is
- * Damaged in Ttiat Amount by
* . !>rfault of Contract.
. BOSTON*. Mass.. May 4.— That
Nan»-e O'Neill and Jl. McKee Rankin
iAiled to rarrj- out a tontract to play
at the new Cleveland Thea.ter at Chi
taco and thereby damaged the repu
. tat ion of that playhouse is alleged in
a declaration filed in the $100,000
buV. of W. S. Cleveland against the ac
tor and Actress. Cleveland alleges a
direct I^ps of $10,000.
On September 12. 1903. it is al-
Iqged. the defendants contracted to
produce "Magdala." "Macbeth," "Ellz
*ab<'th" and 'The Jewess" at Chicago,
th^ir engagement to run for thirty
days'.
' Miss O'Neill, Rankin and John B.
..Soboeffel are defendants in another
suit now on trial brought by Edward
J. Ratclfte for alleged breach of con
tract : ? :'
OXOLL AXD RANKJX
; *^ SUED FOR $100,000
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
"WASHINGTON, May 4.— Bishop Sat-'
terlee of ] the Episcopal 'church tossed
a bombshell : Into the midst of the smart
set of Washington to-day when He de^
nounced their : doings' In unmeasured
terms. Washington' society ¦< consists
not- only of ' the ; old residential /Class
and diplomatic and official circles, but
is largely recruited : from j the . wealthy
leisure class of the. United States, who
come In increasing numbers. each year
and make their homes-here during the
session' of v Congress* until' the ; begi nnlng
of summer. Bishop-Satterlee said:
' "Dangers ,* have -arisen '• that • In- the
nineteenth .century Washington was
free from. A • simplicity './pervaded r the
social atmosphere; ,. men . were' classed
for what 'they were, not for what they
possessed. / \- • * " J ''.'..' ¦ ¦ ' i
"In the century, the tone
of life* lxi: Washington has become less
natural; " ' /Boclal "conditions. have
changed; "and ;for .worse;- new resi
dents ofthe wealthy and 'leisure class,
who' hold'no' responalbllity for the wel
fare of the community,; create a sense
of careless irresponsibility in our citi
zens. ;.VV ; ' r
"These have * false ideals and make
social; pleasure" the- business*, of ¦ life.
Their in fluence percolates to all classes
and lays, the foundation of character.' I
"The ; democratic^simplicity of ¦ ' the'
nineteenth -century is "a thing, of the
past.- In'its'stead'Wehavethe 'smart
set." Uhe' 'rough set* and -the "'fast set,',
attracting % abnormal- attention and'ex-^
erclsirig"enormous: influence' and'givihg
an international capital ' tone to ; Wash-i
ingtbn iw'hictirls'unhealthfuKand da'n-|
gerous." j : • ,' '•.;.">• - ,: , :
Special Dispatch to The Oil.
NAPER. Nebr., May 4.— In a battle
lasting all' day yesterday the Sheritta
of four Northern Nebraska count i-»
captured the three Kerring brothers,
desperadoes and alleged bank robbers,
after wounding two of the Kerrlngs.
One of the" posse was badly wounded.
•The Kerrlngs had taken refuge In a
fortified stone house on the .edge of
the Sioux reservation, and from this
point. of vantage held off the officers
with "Winchesters.
For the ; past two years numerous
bank robberies and other thefts have
occurred In f Northern Nebraska. All
efforts to' capture the thieves were un
availing." Two weeks ago the bank at
this, place .was -dynamited and every
cent of cash taken. Suspicion pointer!
to ; the Kerrlngs. Posses were f orm? J.
which "Included the Sheriffs from four
counties, and search was made for the
suspected men.'
It was discovered that the Kerringa
had , left ..their own. homes and had
taken refuge In a stone house, which
they had built for the purpose. Yes
terday morning at daylight the place
was surrounded and a demand for sur
render made to one of the Kerrings,
who was on guard. He answered with
a shot from his Winchester and his
brothers, from within the house, join»d
in the shooting, which became general.
One of the deputies was seriously
wounded early In the fight. and after
ward ..two- officers were slightly
wounded.
5 After dark last night the deputies
ceased firing for several hours, when
the Kerrlngs. supposing they had with
drawn;'made a dash and attempted to
escape. In the fight which followed
two of them were badly wounded and
the third surrendered.
All three were brought to this place
in irons ; and are in Jail. Threata 6i
lynching are made.
Sp«e!al Dispat-h to TH- Call.
Kerring Brothers Put
Up. a Hard
* T^* *L J_
— The . Daily . Telegraph's, correspondent
declares that the entrance to Port Ar
thur'lsabsolutely sealed and adds that
the Japanese fleet, in effecting its pur
pose," steamed into" the 'entrance at" full
speedand thatthe naval officers who
made the -two previous attempts beg-^
ged permission , to carry out the next
attempt: by daylight, that being easier,
and- their request was granted.
. VSo determined were, they to suc
ceed," adds the correspondent, "that
they decided. If necessary, to lose, half
their men. ¦ The number of casualties
sustained by the, Japanese has not yet
been announced." .. •
..- In, favor of the supposition of Japan
ese success in '. blocking Port, Arthur
It is pointed out that the. previous at-,
tempts had left. the .channel so narrow
that a couple v of , vessels . sunk_. In the
fairway would ' probably suffice' to seal
up • the - entrance.* while there is . a no
ticeable evasion and : half-heartedness
In the , Russian denials of the enemy's
success. '•'¦'•
TOKIO, - May 4.— The Japanese au
thorities, have received a report of the
attempt, made Monday jnlght to -block]
the entrance of Port Arthur harbor. It'
is- without details, but these are ex
pected, shortly.'. It is' reported,, how-'
ever, that the* attempt was successful.
, » The report ;,of . the successful blocking
of the entrance ' to \ Port Arthur harbor,
coming, upon ;the .heels of, the. news, of
the victory on, the Yalu, stirred Tokio;
to . another , popular, demonstration," and
to-night thousands of , men' carrying
lanterns swinging : high from .bamboo
poles | paraded ¦ through" the city, j j Half
a- dozen bands of music led \ the. vari
ous "processions. ,
<¦ .The offices of the War and Navy, de
partments-and., of ,the .general' staff
were "the scenes of the greatest enthusl-;
.asm. ! Two of -. the . imperial [Princesses
visited- the. Navy .Department and the
assembled crowd, welcomed them , with
cheers.' -.Then -, the' 'throng demanded
'. Admiral -Itb. chief, of the general. staff
and : the hero of the. flght'on the Yalu
during «, the . Chlno- Japanese , war. He
appeared" in . response * to ; the -calls • of
. the. popnlace. and ".saluted. ...
It had" been Expected that tidings of
the ! Port | 'Arthur '• engagement would
come' 'from Wice /Admiral* Togo'- some
* LONDON. MayB. — The opinion gains
ground here that the Japanese have'at
last effectually blocked Port Arthur.
No official Japanese reports ¦ have been
received; but the Toklo correspondents
are very positive regarding the mat
ter and describe' the determination with
which the enterprise was undertaken. ¦
Continued on Vagt 4, Column 3.
The great building: was a bower, of
beauty and fragrant with the bloom of
California flowers. Seldom has- a hall
Seated In the auditorium proper were
74S representatives of Methodism.gath
ered from the four quarters of the
earth, earnest in their zeal for the
good of a common cause and eager to
discuss the problems of and to legis
late for the welfare of the church.
Seated upon the stage were the Gover
nor of California, the Mayor of Los An
geles, representative citizens of South
ern California and leaders of | Metho
dism in this end of the continent, ready
to extend a welcome in" behalf of the
State, the city and the church. In the
galleries were expectant crowds of vis
itors and citizens, drawn thither by the
desire to hear . the famous speakers
whose names were in the list of ora
tors. .
The ' conference opened at Hazard's
pavilion in this city at 8:30 o'clock this
mornine. When Senior Bishop Stephen
M. Merrill walked to the front of the
stage and rapped for order he faced
one of the most notable gatherings of
churchmen in the history of Protest
antism in America.
• FRAGRANT WITH FLOWERS.
This evening at 8 o'clock the recep
tion of the General Conference by the
citizens and churchmen of Los An
geles was held at the pavilion. Ad
dresses of welcome by representatives
of the State, city and the church in
Southern California and responses by
eminent leaders in Methodism made
up the programme, which kept the tired
and travel-worn delegates occupied un
til a late hour. >. c l
No progress was made at. the morn
ing session aside from the assignment
of delegates to seats and the calling
of the roll, which developed the lack
of' a "quorum because many delegates
who came direct from the railroad sta
tions to the pavilion left the hall after
securing their seats in order to look up
their hotel quarters. .
The afternoon session met at 3 o'clock
and three hours were spent in balloting
for eecretary and in receiving and re
ferring to committees various resolu
tions bearing upon questions to be con
sidered by the conference.
LOS ANGELES, ' May. 4.—The-ab
sence of many delegates at the opening
session of the thirty-first. General Con
ference 'of the Methodist I Episcopal
Church,' due- to belated trains,* disrupt
ed, to .some extent,' the programme
that had been mapped out, and the first
day's work; ended at 6. o'clock this
evening withnothingaccompllshed, ex
cept the electtoifbf a conference secre
tary. This honor fell to Rev. James B.
Hingeley of the Minnesota conference.
It required three ballots to make a
choice.
SMART SET
IS REBUKED
BY BISHOP
Social Leaders : Of
Waslungton De- ;
OUTLAWS
AND POSSE
IN BATTLE
Harbor Channel Is Said
"to 'Be Effectually; •
I . ; Blocked.;
CordialGreeting Given
De legates by Gov
ernor-Pardee.
It will be necessary according to the
position taken by Shaw, for Morgan
& Co. to deposit with the "Gov
ernment security to the amount of $40,
000.000. This Vis something which has
not been expected by either the At
torney General or Morgan & Co.
. As the matter now stands, the United
States is in possession of the canal
property, but it has not paid the money,
and some -modification must be made
of the arrangement into which the At
torney General's representatives -yid
Morgan entered before the" money will
be handed over to Morgan & Co.
Secretary Shaw left for New York
to-night to consult with the house of
Morgan* & Co.
This, the Secretary of the Treasury
says, cannot be done. Under the law
Morgan & . Co. cannot be . fiscal
agents, but only disbursing agents of
the Government like any other disburs
ing a grent, who dispenses funds in ac
cordance with law and is discharged
from obligation on the production of
vouchers. .
WASHINGTON,- May 4.— Although
the property and franchises of the Pan
ama Canal Company were transferred
to the United States in Paris and all
arrangements had been made by the
Attorney General for making J. Pier
pont Morgan fiscal agent of this Gov
ernment in immediately paying $40,000,
000, a serious, hitch has arisen and Sec
retary of the Treasury Shaw declines
to comply with the arrangement of the
Department of" Justice.
A letter from ' the Attorney General
to the' President, giving an account
of the' Arrangement he had made, was
made publicat the White House to
day. In this letter the Attorney Gen
eral said that he had designated Mor
gan & Co. as agents of this coun
try to make the payments and that
$40,000,000 would be deposited with them
"at once" upon the delivery \ by the
canal company of all property includ
ed in the purchase. ' '
PANAMA. May 4.— The United States
Canal Commission to-day took formal
possession of the canal route and of
the property of the Panama Canal
Company. From to-day the canal
works .will be under the direction of
Major Mark Brooke of the Engineer
Corps of the United States army, who
represented the canal commission at
the ceremony of the transfer. Imme
diately after the transfer the United
States flag was hoisted over the lega
tion and over the canal offices in the
Cathedral Plaza.
Ep«cial Dispatch to The Call
- £T. LOUIS. May 4.— Medical skill has
6«.ved the life of Margaretta Antony.
;cr Anthony, aged 19, who, despondent
hf cause she could not return to her
£~<iside home within sight of the Cliff
-House at San Francisco, yesterday
, ,5 wallowed cocaine.
The -sea child," as the nurses at the
' hospital, who heard her etory of lonell
beaC-now rail her, came to St. Louis
«ne month apo with friends. She ex
• p^ot^d to f-r^nd the summer studying
the world** fair, thus burnishing with
'xp*rierio#> the rducation she had re
ceived in the convert of the Sisters of
Mercy in Sacramento. All her former
lif". .a^!«l*» from the school days sp^nt
in" thp convent, had been passed be
tM* th* ocean.
Th<- trip across half the continent
snd th«= novelty of the inland life di
v/rt*d h^r mind for two weeks. Then
tam« th«» "rail of the sea," the ocean
claiming its own.
• 'it reemed lik* a real voice." Mij£;
Antony said. "At nipht when all was
<juiet I would awak" hearing, it
?f«-mrd, the thunder of the surf. The
d2rknej? appeared to fade awayand I
saw i he blue billows toss one over the
• oth^r and tb«» Kails of ships — ah, it was
to real— the call was p» insistent.
"I resi?»f d the longing many. days. I
kn«-w that mother wanted me to remain
throughout the fair. But how could
J d<=ny the call? I was so lonely my
i rirtris could not cheer me, for I wanted
th,e companionship of the sea, not of
humanity. I wanted to be alone in my
boat out by the seal rocks, with the
ocean's lullaby for company. Last
night I was ill and more lonely than
t»v«-r. Again. Ftronger than ever, the
desire for the sea seized me. I resisted
'thp impulse at first, but resistance be
rame misery and I decided to find re
lief in death. I took the cocaine and
was dying when my roommate came
• to our f'om and found me.
. "As sor,n as I am strong I am going
back to California— back tcf home and
. thg ocean.**.,'-'
Epecial Dlryitch to Th« Call
Attempted SjiicMe..Qt
. San Francisco
Girl.
Serious HitchmPay
ment-of Fid "
for Canal.
MEMBERS
OF CABINET
DISAGREE
LIFE AWAY
FROM OCEAN
TOO LONELY
At the Southern California Hospital,
as at the other State hospitals for the
insane, relatives - of patients who are
able to pay for their maintenance are
charged $15 per month. This money, is
collected by the secretary and turned
over to the medical superintendent' of
the hospital, who in turn renders an
account each month to the lunacy com
mission. Soon after Pardee was. ap
pointed secretary/of the . commission
he set to work to ascertain what sum
of money was due the State from this
source. He found that there was $31,
000 due from" all the hospitals combined
and that, while the Southern California
Hospital harbored only 800 of the total
5000 patients under the State's care,
there was. due that institution ,415,000
from pay patients,' or almost half the
aggregate indebtedness.
Pardee visited the hospital and, se
curing data, returned' to Sacramento
and wrote to the relatives of the South
ern California pay patients, inquiring
as to; the amounts they had paid in
and as to the date on which, they were
paid and "reqtiesting. them to send him
their receipts. .He' learned from these
receipts i . that' some had paid much
more than they had been credited with
on Clark's books.' .Of the forty persons
who responded' the 'accounts only of
two corresponded with the books of
Secretary Clark: Pardee estimated
that, Clark's shortage was $3000. It
was 'ascertained that he had Juggled
his accounts , in such a way. that one
party > would receive credit : for money
paid-in by another and that In some in
stances he ; had waited two years be
fore he '.reported payments made to
him.' Clark had*. been secretary of th«i
hospital for seven years, i It is believed
here that Superintendent M. B. Camp
bell will ; be responsible to the State' for
Clark's defalcation, as the law does riot
impose any responsibility upon ttie'sec
retary, whose duties ¦ are ¦ regarded as
Clark was a prominent Elk, having
served as secretary of the jj Redlands
Lodge for three successive terms. For
some time it. has been rumored that
Clark was to lose his position at the
hospital and some attribute that as the
caus« for his suicide. He was connect
ed with the scandal which shook. the
asylum several months ago and which
is thought to have preyed ' upon the
mind of his associate, Dr. A. Stanley
Dolan, who committed suicide in River
side last April.
SACRAMENTO, May 4.— The an
nouncement that A. C. Clark, secre
tary to the medical superintendent of
the Southern California Hospital for
the Insane, had committed suicide, was
contained in a dispatch received at the
Capitol late this afternoon from C. L
Pardee and Charles Waymire of the
commission in lunacy, asking for in
structions as to their future actions.
Secretary Pardee of the 'lunacy com
mission, accompanied by Waymfre. left
Sacramento- yesterday, for the. purpose
of continuing an investigation he had
begun some time ago into the 'affairs
of Clark. Pardee had discovered gross
irregularities,, in. Clark's accounts and
it was the intention that he and/Way
mire should appear at a meeting of
the board of managers, next Monday
and in the presence of Clark accuse
him of having embezzled about $3000
in money belonging to the State.
EMBEZZLED STATE FUNDS.
SAN BERNARDINO, May 4— A. C.
Clark, secretary to Superintendent
Campbell \ at the Southern California
Hospital for the Insane, committed sui
cide this afternoon in the office in the
hospital building. There were people
In the hallway . and in the reception ;
room ebout 2:30 o'clock when a shot
was fired and rushing into the office
where Clark had long "been such a
familiar. figure they found him lying
en the floor with a gaping wound in
his temple. By his side was a 3S-caliber
revolver, with which;he had shot him
self. A few minutes before the fatal
shot was fired Clark Was seated at the
desk chatting and smoking. Soon
afterward he was left alone and the
next instant" he had fired the shot,
which instantly killed him. ,
Dr. Campbell, superintendent of the
hospital, is unable to advance any rea
son for Clark's act. Clark had been
secretary to Dr. . Campbell for seven
years. He owned a cottage just outside
the asylum grounds and there he had
rf sided with his wife and three chil
dren apparently happy. Ha. was 47
years of age and a large man physical*
I>-M*el6hhlg:300 pound."? He *«ad always
taken an* anlVe part^tn politics and* is
known. tp most. of the prominent State
politicians. .".'•¦¦-. .> \i^'i^t^{- •
CONNECTED WITH SCANDAL.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Learning That. His ; Crime Was About
to Be Exposed Embezzler Fires
Bullet Into His Brain.
Members ol Cdmmission on
Lunacy Find Shortage
in Accounts.
A. C. Clark j Commits
Suicide at State
Hospital.
DISGRACED
SECRETARY
ENDS LIFE
METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH
CONFERENCE TRANSACTS LITTLE
BUSINESS AT OPENING SESSION
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 157.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1904.
Forecast mad* at San Fran
cisco for thirty boon endinr
midalffht. May 5. 1904:
San Pranciacp and vicinity —
Fair Thursday ; fresh westerly
winds. A. O. XCAOZE,
District Forecaster.
THE WEATHEE.
.:. TjcaiTBcasrssa. It
¦ > .1 1 v* . . ;«r -. y^v #
Alcazar— "Tie Profllgr»t«. K ¦'/.
Calif otalt — "Tom'f .>vrt&atng
y tan." >¦ t \ V > --jr-
Centra WDr. /Jekyll and Mr.
/H*aa,* \ J J • ¦,**
Columbia, — "Bosrtr Brother* ' ia
JLondoa." ¦
Grand — "1* Toie*."
Mechanic*' JPaTiUon— For* Pood
and In4a-rtri*". -Exposition.
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Martinet
To-Day. -
TlTOli — "Wbea Johnny Comei
Marching: Some."
TOGO SUCCEEDS IN "BOTTLING"
PORT ARTHUR, BUT AT SACRIFICE
OF MANY GALLANT VOLUNTEERS
The San Francisco Call.- NEW YORK. May. 4. — The special
telegram to the London Chronicle,
"dated eheftt-, asserting-; that the-Jap
anese had taken 'Newchwang,; was ob-'
yiously false." ' NeWchwarig,- -which -.isi
on a river and a,bout. thirty miles .from,
pie se'a,. could ..• not possibly ¦• be > taken
except as th"^- result. of ao. attack ; of [at
• least two or ' three days'J duration. '- -The
llritlsli Newspaper Circulatcg False
Report of Japanese Victory.'/, vi
NEWCHWANG NOT CAPTiDRED.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 4.
The Quadrangle, Club, composed of
men _. representing- ¦the*;'; various
branches-of. college activities, has
elected the following new members: A.
L. Trowbridge, '03, captain -of the
'varsity baseball team; B.C.' Dey, edi
tor of the Daly Palo Alto; H. W. Bell.
captain of the 1 903 varsity track
team; \ M. H; Thorpe.,'05 ; A. M. Dib
ble,.. > 05;... v W.-H. Lanagan, *'O5; ' A.
Sheriff s» -'.05; W*.I£ Dole, '05»
Quadrangle Club Elects Officers.
...SEATTLE. May 4.-F. K. Studley,
local, agent for .the: Nippon .Yusen
Kaisha, . the Japanese royal steamship
company,- torday; received a cablegram
from Yokohama saying that ithe line
would"; resume its trans-Pacific .' ser T
vice to Seattle the last week in May.
This service was abandoned at" the
breaking out of the war, most of the
company's ships/being taken ; by :\ the
Japanese Government for . transports.
The company has now filled , its fleet
with European vessels^ : - -.- -
To Resume Steamship Service.
BERLIN, May 4.^ — The Vossische
Zeitung says it Is informed that the
North German Lloyd Steamship Com
pany, has sold i to the Japanese Gov
ernment" eight steamships belonging
to its' East Asiatic lines, for war pur
poses. -
Eight Steamships.
NortH German Lloyd Company Sells
JAPAN BUYS OCEAN IilNERS.
¦
D
B
. STOCKTON, May 4. — Samuel P.
McErlane, • a well-known saloon
keeper, was drowned in a barber-shop
bathtub in this city this afternoon. He
is supposed to have been stricken with
Heart failure soon after entering the
water. \
\ McErlane was . a charter member
of the Stockton Lodge of Elks and
was tp have been initiated into the lo
cal aerie of Eagles to-night. He was
about 45 years of, age and leaves a
wife and two children.
He Is Supposed to Have Been Stricken
With Heart Failure Soon After
. Entering the Water.
SAL.OONMAN IS DROWXED *
WHILE BATHING IX A TUB
VICTORIA, B. C. May 4.— Richard
Chester of Tanegashima Island; Japan,
a' contractor to the Japanese,Govern
ment,, is in this city, en route" to the
Orient. He states. that at least' 10 per
cent of the Japanese soldiers now In
the field are women, disguised as""rrien;
He says that, the average Japanese
woman of the coolie class is as strong,
if not stronger, than the man.'
Chester asserts that' prior' to last
December Japan had landed 120,000
men in '¦ the • vicinity of- Pingyang^
Korea, from which point they, were
quietly distributed through thkt coun
try. -These men were all fully* armed
and prepared to keep the field for an
indefinite period. ' ' '* ¦
Contractor Says Many Women Are in
the Mikado's Army, -a » *j ..
JAPANESE AMAZOXS.
"The Japanese consider that Rus
sian stratesry at the battle of the
Yalu showed the same defect as that
of the Chinese in 1894, namely, the lack
of offensive initiative."' ' : '
r "Captain Arimi, who commanded in
Borne attempts to blockade Port Ar
thur, in a lecture which he delivered
h,ere. paid the' Japanese, from ob
servation, had accurate knowledge of
Vice Admiral Makaroff's tactics, which
enabled them to place the mines that
destroyed the Petropavlovsk. . The men
of the entire Japanese squadron ' re
frained from the use of tobacco and
wine on the day of the disaster— to
gliow that they mourned the death 6t
MakarofL?j$jgg
."No Japanese torpedo-boat or * tor
pedo boat destroyer has been "obliged
to return to the harbor for repairs since
the beginning of the war. All have
been repaired at sea."
LONDON, May 5.— The Toklo cor
respondent of the Times Bends the fol
lowing:
FIGHT LIKE CHINESE.
Strategy of Russians Is Criticized by
. " Japanese Experts.
HANFORD, May 4. — N. W. Moth
eral, a pioneer settler, Cumberland
Presbyterian , preacher and former
member, of the board of horticulture,
died yesterday and was buried to-day.
He waa well known . throughout the
State., :
Pioneer Settler Passes Away.
¦¦ '¦ Block the Channel. .;'*yf
- PORT ARTHUR.* May 4. — There
have been no developments since the
attack on Port Arthur of May 3. Dur
ing the' bombardment the big guns of
the Russian ships and . batteries fired
2500 shots, while the machine guns
of the gunboat Giliak fired 3000 shots.
. The Novi Krai says it learns that
the Russophobe Chinese, headed by
Viceroy Yuan Shi Kai and General
Ma, ."are carrying on an active anti-
Russian campaign apd that traveling
orators are spreading false . state
merits of the strength of the Japanese
and of "the magnitude' of their victories
and 'are telling malignant stories of
Russian designs throughout the Chi
nese towns and villages, with the ob
ject of inciting the masses against
Russia.
No Fighting Since Togo's Attempt to
POUT ARTHUR'S RESPITE.
. VANCOUVER. B. C. May 4.—Sen
ator James Reid, a Cariboo, pioneer
of 1854, is dead. He was 64 years of
age and had been a member of Par
liament since 1881. He accumulated
a fortune by trading and mining.
Death of a Cariboo Pioneer.
The report which reached here from
Europe that General Kuropatkin, the
commander in chief ; of the Russian
troops In the Far East, Is personally
leading 20,000 men from Liaoyang to
Fengwangcheng is welcomed as good
news, on the theory that the more ag
gressive the campaign be
comes the more speedy will be Japan's
final victory. - ' -: 1 " '.
time during the day. but none were re
ceived. .v.'-:\
Associated Press has American cor
respondents at Chefu, Shanhaikwan,
JCewchwang and Yinkow, any of whom
wbvMv certainly have reported an at
tack on Newchwang.
fired a blank shot across the Osiris';
bow ; . The Russians detained -the
Osiris for two hours, searching the
mails. . They, demanded the Japanese
mails, 'but these were at the' bottom
of the mass. of postal matter and re
mained untouched. . ¦ ¦
LONDON, May 4.— The Foreign. Of
fice has no information in regard' to
the searching of the Peninsular v and'
Oriental Steam Navigating Company's
steamer Osiris by the Russian warship
Khrabry after the Osiris left Brindis*
recently,. for Port Said, but the press
was Informed that if 'the report were
officially confirmed.it was a most un-.
warranted proceeding and would ne
cessitate "a strong protest tothe Rus
sian Government. • • ¦• :<*': =>
NAPA, May 4. — Mrs. Sarah Knapp,
wife of the late Amos S. Knapp, died
in Napa this afternoon. She was one
of the pioneers of this city, coming
to California and Napa In 1858. She
was 8S years of, age and had lived in
Napa forty-five years. She was born
in Bennington.^VW and was married
in 1835. Mr. Knapp died six years
ago. ; . ¦.: :^i ¥^-">
Xapa Loses an Old Resident.
DENVER, May 4. — George W.
Cramer, vice president,., of the Colo-,
rado Midland. Railway- Company; vice
president of the Utah Fuel Company
and president of the Globe Express
Company, died here to-day of neu
ralgia of the heart. For a time Cramer
has been in ill-health. Cramer leaves
a widow and two daughters.
Well-Known Coloradan Dieg.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 4. — Rich
ard Mansfield to-day used the blue
pencil on his spring tour in a whole
sale manner, reducing the number of
his appearances in California to only
fourteen and confining these to San
Francisco.
Man -Meld Cancels Engagements.
BAKERSFIELD. May 4. — Judge
Bennett this morning 1 refused to grant
a new trial to Charles H. Le Mar. who
was convicted of manslaughter, and
passed a sentence of ten years' im
prisonment at Folsom upon him. Le
Mar- shot and killed Thomas Delaney,
a miner, at Mojave some months ago.
Ten- Year Sentence for L.e Mar.
OAKLAND, May 4. — Edward C. Ha
gar, assistant cashier of the Oakland
Bank of Savings, died at 4 o'clock
this afternoon at his residence, 285
Fairmount avenue, after a month's ill
ness from stomach trouble. The de
ceased banker's condition did not be
come alarming until yesterday.
Assistant Cashier Hagar had been
with the Oakland Bank of Savings in
that capacity for sixteen years. He
was 61 years old and a native of Mas
sachusetts. There survive his wife
and two daughters, Louise Hagar and
Mrs. A. W. Moore. Funeral services
will be held Friday morning: at 10
o'clock at the Hagar residence.
BANKER HAGAR
OF OAKLAND
PASSES AWAY
COTTAGE GROVE, Or., May 4. —
Trailing behind his father and re
luctant to go to school this morning,
Roy Damewood, the 9-year-old son of
J. E. Damewood, a rancher of this
county, nearly fell a victim to a fam
ished cougar. Damewood started on
ithe seventeen-mile walk from his
ranch on, the Bohemia stage road to
this place early this morning. His tw*>
boys accompanied him. Intending to
Eolaa farVas :the; schoolhouse. Roy
brought up. the rear on a trail through
a bit of grown up clearing and hi3
father turned to bid him hurry along.
As he turned 1 Damewood saw a large
cougar crouched to spring. The man
rushed to his boy's rescue, shouting
to Roy to run. The breast sprang for
ward but fell short, and before it
could gather itself together the
rancher kicked it vigorously, so vigor
ously, in fact, that the beast fled.
Damewood then chased the cougar
into a tree and sent the boys home for
his gun. A shot in the skull brought
down a mere bag of bones, for the
animal had evidently long lacked for
a meal.
Special Dispatch to The Call
FRESNO, May 4.— For a long; time
C. J. Capps and Eunice L. Morgan had
loved each other well, but the vigorous
"No" of Pnpa Morgan had kept the
wedding bells from chiming. But Cupid
waa not easily defeated, and last Mon
day evening the couple were married..
To-day the father learned of the wed
ding and was filled with wrath. Arm
ing himself with a shotgun, he went to
the house where Cappa and his wife
were living and invited the young man
to "come , out." 'Capps was wise and
refused to accept the invitation. Mor-'
gan then started a sentinel like pace
up and down in front of the house till
Capps became frightened and tele
phoned to police headquarters. Officers
went to the rescue and the bride and
groom were for a time" left alone in
their married bliss. Capps said that he
had before had trouble with Morgan,
who had once stuck a revolver In hla
face and told him to stay away from
the house, or he would kill him. He
said to-night that he was going to have
the irate father put under bonds to
keep the peace.
Special DUpatch to Th» Call.
Objects to the Secret Mar
riage of His Daughter and
Goes on the Warpath
Oregon Youth Xarrowly'Es
capes Falling the Yictini
of Hunger-Crazed .Animal
ANGRY FATHER
MAKES TROUBLE
LARGE COUGAR
SPRINGS AT BOY
'^iissiaii-H^inalry on a Kaid
l)o\m Jh^asteru Goa^t r r
%? of 'Korea,
Si^cM Cable io Th* Call and ?Ce» Tork Her
ald.. c«w«xhL uk*. *y tl) « New " Yertc
GENSAN, Korea, Monday, via Seoul.
May 4.— Heavy flrirvg has been heard to
seaward off here to-day and it is prer
*umed a naval battle Is taking place.
FJ3OUL, May v 4-— Th« Japanese mer
chant steamship Haginowia Maru. en
xoute from flensaa to Fusan, is con
thant steamship Haginowia Maru, en
fertained that she "has met with the
tame fate as the Kinshiu Maru.
Another Russian raid, down the east
coast was reported yesterday. Five
fcwndred cavalrymen have passed
Through Nongsong. southbound. Kor
eans Ln that district .are welcoming
them and repairing roads to facilitate
iheir advance.
GIVES JAPAN DUE CREDIT.
Prman I»re>is No Langer Minimizes
the Yalu River Victory-
BERLIN, May 4. — The newspapers
have largely given up their disposition
fo belittle the Japanese victory on the
Yalu. The firrt observations of the
¦ .editors are now followed by articles
from military critics, one of whom de
glares' that the loss of half the Rus
sian artillery "fpells" defeat.
This writer pronounces the Japanese
action to have been magnificent, while
eJl .the critics emphasize the moral ef
fect of the victory. ~"v
remarked here.'lsrnot only north of the
Yalu, from which there is constant
scouting, but also off the Liaotung pen
insula, though the failure to seal Port
Arthur may interfere with the opera
tions they had been expected to carry
out on the west coast of that penin
sula. ;' ?-'• "',.•. • ,: .*¦ ¦ •¦• ," - -'- ¦ \
About thejbulletin boards, the people;
were especially impressed with ' the des-:
perate bayonetr charge of the. Eleventh.
Regiment. x The mental picture ; of the]
regiment advancing against the enemy
with bands playing and bugles blaring
and a priest with cross aloft* at . its;
head appealed to the dramatic sense
of the Russian population as 1 nothing
else could. The survivors of this heroic,
regiment, which cut its way out,* de
clare that the'positipnvwas surround-j
ed by more than iflOO dead Japanese. ;
The loss of the!.guns,.-which., aocord-;
ing to the , best , -information obtain-;
able, consisted v bf, twenty-two ; .field
pieces and eiRht machine guns, is. con-,
sidered particularly unfortunate, even
though they will' • tje -useless to the
enemy on account of v the removal- of
their breechlqcks-'but- members, of . the
general staff, .say-' the science of war.
offers many instances where guns have
been sacrificed' to^allow infantry to re
treat in good order.' . ' -
General t Zassulitch's force ,is resting
at Fengwangcfierig. * No" "renewal, of
the attack has beten-made. It is be
lieved that General Kuroki , _also_ is
resting on the river. '-¦<¦ -
There is 'a. strong Russian position
back of Fengwangcheng,. parallel' with
Mukden and* LiaOyang, where troops
are concentrating, and it is considered;
likely that a really decisive engage
ment will be fought there. To force
the pass beyond Fengwangcheng di
rectly is considered practically ihipos
'sible. '. : . = .
General Zassulitch had -. only forty
guns altogether and sixteen of these
left Antung early Sunday morning arid
reached Fengwangcheng safely. ' The
second and third batteries • of the
Sixth Brigade lost all but two guns—
namely, twenty-two. Eight machine
guns which were used to cover the re
treat were lost.
The Chinese .Minister, who,' having
heard rumors of r the possibility that
China might not remain neutral, ai5-;
plied to Peking jf or information, has
received a 'cablegram from the Pe
king . Government : and Viceroy Yuan.
Shi -Kai, which reads as follows: >
"In reply to your telegram of April
23 and with the object-of putting a!
stop to unfounded rumors we request
you to deny them, declaring again in
the most formal manner that China
and the Chinese people will faithfully
observe neutrality. You are author
ized to say that the Chinese Govern
ment has given rigorous orders to the
local authorities to see that neutrality
is strictly maintained and that the
.most complete order is preserved in
the whole territory declared neutral.
i Moreover, we are able to guarantee
triaC owing to the measures we have
taken, any renewal of events like those
; "of 1900 is impossible."
United States Consul Greener at
Vladivostok has sent the following
telegram to the United States embassy
regarding the treatment of the twen
ty-six Japanese officers and 184 men
captured on board the steamships
Kinshiu Maru, Nakamura Maru and
Goyo Maru, sunk by Rear Admiral
Yeszen's squadron on April 25:
"The survivors left here through a
dense crowd, soldiers and sailors
guarding the carriages of the officers,
for Irkutsk, Siberia", on. April 28. Along
the route through the city there were
no hostile demonstrations or expres
sions. The Russian military and naval
authorities were courteously attentive.
Food,, tobacco and money were sup
plied to. the prisoners for the journey.
The Japanese were deeply grateful for
their, kind treatment."
,- ; Russia has agreed to recognize and
afford' every facility to the four Jap
anese ::Red Cross ships, Salko Marul
Kobe Maru, Sakua Maru and Kosai
Maru. ,
IMAGINES THAT HE IS J-t-
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
. Jn*an<» Politician. Formerly a Demo.
J^flTcrnt. Assuines the Role of
Chief Executive.
""•ANN ARBOR. Mich.. May 4. — Luke
, G'iinan, a prominent farmer and poli
tician of this county, is laboring under
the delusion tharJie is President of the
I *nited_ States.
••A fe : w day? ago he left honie with
out tolling his -destination and when
next heard of wiis making speeches on
tjie street* of Jackson, declaring him
jj pelf President Roosevelt. -His • wife,
* hearing of bis speechm&king at Jack
«m. -went thither to bring him home.
'.On her arrival he started to Adrian,
where he repeated his speeches, re-
charges against his supposed
administration. His wife followed him
,to Adrian and finally persuaded him
to come home. He had walked more
than 100 miles since leaving home.
"The remarkable thing about the af- :
fair-is that with his hallucination, he
• h»s_ changed his politics. Previous to.
'this tlma he had be>?ri a member of the
Democratic County Committee and a
leader of the party In, this section.
'"The disease." said a physician this
evening, ""attacks very young children
as a rule. In every case it begins with
headache and lassitude. Then follow,
in. rapid succession, fever, sometimes
nausea, convulsions, unconsciousness
and death. In many cases children
have died ¦¦vitliin . six or' yigiit hours
after being' al tacked. -A'ery few" have
liugered more : than twenty-four
hours." *?Xv':
NEW YORK, May 4. — Seven chil
dren have died within the last few
days and many others are ill with a
new and mysterious disease which is
ravaging the neighborhood of Madi-
Efln avenue from One Hundred and
Fifth to One Hundred and Eighth
streets.- •* -
mYsterioi-s disease
causks many . deaths
Children Are" Victims of Ailment
- • -\Vhicb L< Baffling New York.
Physicians.
'ST. PETERSBURG.- May 4. — The
Emperor U-day r'ecjsived "the following
dispatch' from General Kuropatkin:
."Major General, Kashtalinsky re
ports as follows: - \ * *'• '
" 'I consider it my'<Jiity tp. report the
circumstance of the. grievous battle
fought by 'the troops ;undec ny com
mand with the superior forces of the
Japanese on-May 1. ¦!• -— - — i
"'Early on the morning of April 30
the Japanese began to oppress our left
flank, bavIfcifbnC the pretflotts" "evening
occupied the Kosan /Heights .after an
attack. In /consequence of. which I
ordered the Twenty -Second '¦' Regiment,
which" had occupied Kosan; to^retire
across the'Ahp "Rfc'er to our r position
at PotletlnskjV
" *On the morning of the same day
an extraordinary, prolonged and vio
lent bombardment of our whole position
at Kuliencheng commenced from.Wiju.
I foresaw that the Japanese, "after the
bombardment. In which more than 2000
projectiles were discharged, would take
the offensive. I received orders from
Lieutenant General Zassulitch to ac
cept battle -and to retain my position
at PoUeHnsky.,.".-;'-;:-;",- i J
. " Ily left flank was defended by .two
battalions of the Twenty-second Regi
ment-and the Third Battery, of the
Sixth Brigade. .f .v v : V - -.
FACE A WITHERING FIRE.
" 'The Japanese took the offensive
at 5 o'clock in the morning, dispatching
at least one division of infantry, which,
advancing in column, sustained enor
mons losses. hut crossed the ford and at
tacked our position, which was exposed
to the fire of thlrty-stx field guns and
siege batteries. .
" 'The Japanese advanced and occu
pied the position. Toward noon I
ascertained that the Japanese had
routed the battalion of the, Twenty
second Regiment posted at Chingow
and were turning my left Hank.
. "'At 1 o'clock in the afternoon my
left flank was reinforced by two battal
ions of the Eleventh. Regiment and a
battery commanded by ¦ Lieutenant
Colonel Moravsky, 1 which • were sent
from the reserve by General Zassulitch
¦with orders to hold' their ground' until
the departure of the Ninth and Tenth
regiments from Sakhodza. -I ordered
the Eleventh Regiment ! to occupy- a
commanding position in- the rear 'from
which they could fire on the enemy
from two side?.
" 'I held Lieutenant Moravsky's bat
tery in reserve and ordered the Twelfth
Regiment, the Third Battery and the
.guickXlrtng guns to retire under cover
of the Eleventh Regiment. My chief
of staff led the rear guard to its posi
tion. ..,.,.
LOSKS HALF OF ' HIS . MEN.
""'At 1 o'clock the Japanese ap
proached so -closely to the position held
by the Eleventh Regiment that,. the
Third Battery could not paesaJong' un
der the cr-ofs-fire and taking up a posi
tion a short distance from the Japanese
it remained there until the end of the
fighting, losing: Its commander, • Lieu-'
tenant Colonel Moravskyl A company
with quick-firing guns was brought iip
from the rear, guard and the officer
commanding this force, seeing the dif
ficult situation of Moravsky's battery,
took up a position on his own initiative.
He lost half of his men and all of his
horses and attempted to ' remove his
guns by hand to the shelter of the hills
under the Japanese cross-fire. The
quick-firing pieces discharged about
S5.000 bullets. .
" 'The Twelfth Regiment cat its way
through and saved its colors.
" 'The second battery of the Sixth
Brigade, having attempted to rejoin!
the reserves by another route, .could
not ascend the mountain slopes, with
only half its horses, and, returning to
its original position, received the Jap
anese attack.
" 'The ' Eleventh Regiment, which
held its ground for two hours more with
heavy losses, forced a passage at the
point of the bayonet and crossed the
ST.. PETERSBURG STUNNED.
News of. Enormous Losses Arouses
Grief in Russian Capital.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 5. 3:47 a.
m. — The Russian losses at -the battle
of Kiulienchehg were 2000 men'. and
forty officers— far greater r than pre
viously reported. ';;-.'i,^'V
This is the official estimate o£ Major
General Kashtalinsky. who directly
commanded the division that suffered
the brunt of the attack and whose re
port was received yesterday by the
Emperor. Many aro- inclined to place
the Russian losses even higher. Gen
eral Kashtalinsky mentions also that
more than 700 wounded had arrived at
Fengwangcheng and these may- not be
included In his calculations. He made
no attempt to estimate the Japanese
losses, merely stating that they must
have been colossal. .
The magnitude of the Russian losses
had an almost stunning effect upon the
authorities and aroused general grief,;
mitigated only by satisfaction ¦, "at the
bravery displayed by . the Russian
troops. (
Not for a moment was there any in-
tention to pay such a terrible price for
delaying the ! enemy's crossing of the
Yalu. This fact was known throughout
the city and gave ri^ to renewed re
ports, attributed to /official -sources,,
that General Kuropatkin had officially
censured Lieutenant General Zassu
litch. If this was so, General Kuro
patkih's telegraphed criticism of Zas
sulitch was carefully cut out of the
dispatches which have been published,
and the general/ impression now held
is that he will remain in Manchuria.
General Kaahtalinsky's report estab
lishes the fact that the Russians sus
tained the greatest loss in order- to
6a ve the two regiments which were
occupying Antung.
"The Eleventh -Regiment was. given
the post of honor at. the rear, with in
structions to hold back the oncoming
Japanese. The Twelfth Regiment and
the Third Battery's quick-firing de
tachment were directed to retire.
By the time the latter movement
commenced the Japanese had almost
surrounded the .Russian position. The
Twelfth Regiment; was compelled to
charge with the bayonet and .succeed-;
ed in. .breaking, through the. enemy's
lines.. T.he Second Battery's quick-firing
detachment, without horses, could not
move the guns and was compelled to
abandon thfem. The men of the Second
Battery put 1 their shoulders ~ to the
.wheeii/in' art effort to* push ' the guns
up the mountain side, but the 'Japanese
fire was ,so hot that they returned to
the protection of the Eleventh Regi
ment.. •:' • . ' -¦ '
Nearer and nearer approached the
Japanese and a charge upon the Elev
enth Regiment and the Second Battery
was imminent, so the guns were aban
doned.
Then a priest led the troops and they
began the terrible march across, the
valley.
"kuliencheng Is history and we must
now deal "with impending events," said
an officer of the general staff today.
The idea has prevailed that the Rus
sians would not make a stand at Feng
wangcheng.'but the fact that a Japan
ese occupation o£ that point ¦would en
able a. movement to .the southwest,
thus cutting off the Liaotung penin
sula, which is taken Into consideration
by the authorities, leads to the expec
tation' that General Kuropatkin .will
dispatch' strong_ reinforcements there,
and make a determined stand.
The activity of the Japanese, It is
; liONDON, May 5.— It is said the Jap
anese have ."advanced to within elgh
.teeniiniles of Fengwangcheng and that
another engagement is expected almost
immediately. , - : , ¦ .
Major General Kashtalinsky 's insist
ence on the fact that he waa. ordered
to accept battle by Lieutenant General
Zassulitch is interpreted as showing his
Intention -to- throw -the responsibility
upon.- that officer for risking-a fight
with his 1 inferior forces and to confirm
the reports that General Zassulitch had
been censured. . -
I Reports have been received here that
the' Japanese captured a- quantity of
railroad material after Sunday's bat
tle.; .This is supposed to' indicate that
the 'Russians had made great progress
With. the railroad from the main Man
churian line to the Yalu. If this is so
It. would" be a simple matter for the
Japanese "to repair .line, which
would materially assist, them in their
advance through a difficult country.
I English correspondents with the Jap
anese forces on the Yalu are permitted
to send the most ample descriptions
of the people and the country travers
ed, but not a word about the fighting.
', The Standard's Tientsin correspond
ent says he is convinced that the Rus
sian position in Southern Manchuria is
Exceedingly weak, as a consequence of
the enormous number of men detached
to guard the railway and to obtain pro
visions. He believes that the forces
at Haicheng and Liaocheng are greatly
overestimated. The camps, he says,
are numerous, but there are few men
in them. There are several fortifica
tions in the hills between Fengwang
cheng and Haicheng, but the line, of
communication is weak and straggling.
Some reports current here state that
the Japanese" loan will be 550.006,000 at"
6 per cent and will be '¦ issued simul-'
taneously in -London and New York.
Pursuing Force Now With
!; in Eighteen Miles of Slav
1 ~T;T-". Main Base.
yaval Baitie Believed to Be
in '3^rogress'.ih'Sea :
Battle Will Be Fought Im
mediately Near Eeng-<
wangcheng.
ravine with its colors. It lost its col
onel. :],
" 'We lost forty officers and about 2009
non-commissioned officers and - men.
The' Japanese losses must have been
enormous.
'* 'The Russians' retired in good order
on Fengwangcheng. i-- y
"'The men of the Third Division
maintained- their excellent morale and
mere than 700 wounded proceeded with
their regiments to Fengwangcheng.' "
HEAVY FIRING
IS HEARD OFF
GENSAN PORT
KUROKI'S ARMY
AGAIN NEARING
FOE'S POSITION
General. Kashtalinsky, in an Official Report;
:..' Admits Enorm'ous Losses.
MORE THAN THOUSAND SLAVS FALL IN BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 5,^1904.
Admiral Togo Succeeds in "^pttling". Port Arthur.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
. PORT SJAfD. May 4.— The P«nlnsu\a
and Oriental steamship Osiris, nine
hours out.frqm BrjndUsI, waa stopped;
boarded and ..her., mails examined ; by
the Russian warship Khrabry,' which
Prote-4 to . Russia.
London Govcrni<ierit.May"3fake Strong
BRITISH STEAMSHIP SEARCHED.
2
I '^ e co^ or °^ dangeri
' I •' eA whether on the semaphore
•• »% or °. n tne s^^ n * Q*G
1 • *** *' ace " re^ <^ eae< i enjptiona,
' I 1 ' r>* whea boils break oat on the
l ¦ w!\ *>°&y> CT tilc as S r 7 red of
f \jipk sores and nlcers is displcved
I . 'Wm. i° the flesh, it Is. -nature's;
j W danger eiraal. The blood i»
H Hf obstroctea • and tainted by
3 J inipurities, and there can be
|v>T no safety. an^il the blood is
. wf made pure.
[ ; ¦ . Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
j , ical Discovery" purifies the blood,
I j and remo\-es the effete matter which
I ¦ clogs and corrupts it It cures pim-
j pics, boils, eczema, scrofula, sores,
I _ ulcers and other consequences ' of
j impure blood.
I »I fcrf creatly thankful fiw what yoor
. I ' nsc fiicinc has doae for me." writes Xn.
Ch4*. Hood, of Kaliastt, Mich. "I suf-
I fcred with scrofula of the hr.i J for twelve
I jxtn.' Tried, every kind of medicine that
I 1 heard of but fouad no care. Every one
I /that looked at rry hpad said they never
aa«r anvthinr liVc it. The Ust doctor I.
doctored with before applying to you I rot
I worsa «mv day. Vai to miserable that
I was ua&t>f: to do any work at all. After
. taking two or three bottles of your *Gold<Mi
Medial' Uitoorcr}'* aod aricf the lbcal
E trcztioent you prescribed for me, I wu
,* cored and toy bead was entirely free from
i serofnla.* ' ¦- ¦ . • •
¦•' ¦ Accept no substitute for Doctor
I Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery.
j There is no other medicine which is
" just as rood " for diseases of the
I blood ana the eruption* \whicb arc
. cansed by the blood's impurity.
FREE. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser is sent free on receipt
of stamps to pay expense ' if mriling
o*ly Scndtwjoty-one'one'* ntstauirs,
for the book in paper covers, or thirty
one stamps for the cloth -bound vol-
ome. Address Dr. R. V.,?ierct l Bufr
ialo. N.Y. . '
A •n'u-PTtTTg-P'.TMr-P'-KrTq,
DR. PIEBCE'S KEKEDIES.
.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BSBBBHBBBVanilBIIBBaBBBaBBHaB
j MANHOOD I
] For Men Who Have Lost It I
B '" ' _ r% _ ¦ . ¦
g Do You to , » \ /^^V ¦ Everybody ¦
5 Be "A Man C "*~<3EB***!^L j^K^~ * Admires and £j
B Among Men"? \ Q- -fSE^-wfcw T^S Honors a Strong gg
g $1000 REWARD TO WEAK MEN S
B Let any man who is weak, broken down, old and decrepit in physical 5
¦ weakness, full of pains and aches, gloomy, despondent and cheerless [
¦ any man who wants to be stronger and younger than he feels — let him "
B come and tell me how he feels, and if I say that I can cure him I will for- B
B felt $1000 if I fail. . B
ffl X dont want money that X dont «arn. X dont need it, and am not B
B after it. .But X am after th» dollars that axe cow sreiarr wronr m the B
H quest of health. Look at all these poor wrecks of humanity that axe "
g spending all they earn on dru?« — dope that la paralyzing their vital or- '
g ran»— that have «pent all they have earned" for years without raining a ;
g pound of ttrenrth for the hundred! of dollar* wasted. 3*
S That is the money that I am after, because -for : every dollar I take I
g can give a thousand per cent interest, and I dont want it at all until I «
¦ have cured you if you will secure me. I have cured »\ many cases rieht H
B here that I can prove ray claims to you. but if that proof is not venoueh H
B I'll give you the names of men right near you — where you axe. is that ¦
| . fair? ¦ * B
¦ ,_~ *! 08t *u f i th * e . Be L ts th w * T t 1 ". Bellln X now ar e to men who have been sent D
B here by their friends whom I have cured. I think that is th« best evi- n
n dence that my business is a success from the standpoint of cures, as well ri
ia as on the dollar side. mffWBT^tsU «
g Just lately I have received letters of prals*. *'rom these men: E
g James P. Daniels. 709 Devlsadero street, San Francisca He was cured 5
•J of a back trouble of 12 years' standing. E3
¦ J. M. Gaskill, 220 Chestnut avenue, Santa' Cruz. Cal who aavi I rnrmA ¦
B -SiVi S8S5 t S?^ t?pat!on -: Nen?oa " nMa ¦
5 ? 6 ! 6^^ 11^^ 1 in^ l can glve you the name of » roan In your B
¦ . town that I have cured. Just send mo your address and let me try. This B
¦ ¦ l8 » n V r ,SlSitV f nn5 t rv year » In the U8ineas oC Pumplng.nSw vim into wore- H
m out humanity, and I ve got cures in nearly every town on the map. in
H Come and see me if you can and I'll fix you up: or. if you cant call. J
g ; "K!?.£i3?.SSl \?,Z iX'seTms 1 ." 6ot a " lce boolt °" mm """ l " |
S D^M;C.McLaughJin, 22JU?ff*a&.|
m Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. Not sold In dm* store*, g
UIIIIIlHIIIIlIIIIUIIIIIIIlllllIIIlllllllll
ly^L/ : " And shoulders-- I
X O - XV- right in style, fit |
\sm£ >-\ and fabric— rights I
I fitting / \ i n price. No won- I
i collar ( \~» j o • -le^si-. r
I {/^ der our Spring bmts |j
I - ( and Overcoats are I
1 attracting the smart dressers. I
I Every one gets more^than he |
I EfiUAL TO SWELL TAILORS' GARMENTS |
1 AT JUST HALF THEIR PRICES. |
I $14 00 to $30.00 1
1 516518 MARKET ST.noMco^r I
ADVEBTISBMENTS.The Santa Fe office reports the begin
ning: ofablgr travel to Yosem I te .Valley.
'It /will I soon be * extremely difficult to ' se
cure seats on > stages. This is due to the
popularity of Banta , Fe service and the
fact that thele "road lies directly through
the famous California Big Trees.,- ...
-Information and folders about Yosem-
Ite free at 641 Market street. •
Enormous Yoscmite Travel.
SALT LAKE,, Utah. May 4.—An
nouncement was made at the Oregon
Short Line offices to-day that all rail
road lines -west of the Missouri 'River,
effective- to-day, would i follow the
example of the Chicago and North
western and other Western roads In
supplying return' transportation to
livestock shippers and" caretakers from
the point of shipment. '
Grants Return Transportation.
BOULDER, Colo., May 4.— The
Colorado and Northwestern Railroad
was sold by United States Commis
sioner Hi risdale of, Denver in Boulder
under foreclosure fo^; $100,000 to Col
onel'S. B. Dfck. of Pennsylvania, one
of the largest stockholders and bond
holders in the company. The road has
been constructed, from- Boulder to
Ward, a distance of -ninet'eeVi- miles.
and Colonel Dick has announced his
intention to extend it to. Eldorado,
where it wil conect with the new Den
ver-Salt-Lake road, 'which D. H. Mof
fat is building. " •
Purchaser, of the Line Says It Will
f Be Extended From Ward to
' r Eldorado.
SALE OP NINETEEN-MILE
RAILROAD IN COLORADO
Eff VORK. .May 4.— The mbtreasurr to
- received S3.27.VCC0 Japanese sold from
Franr'rco by tcl^jrarhi'j transfer.
OMAHA. Xebr.. May 4. — Frank
.Smith, a stockyards employe at South
< 'maha, shot and killed his wife and
1 S months old son and then fired a
bullet through his own head. Do
mestic trouble is assigned as the cause.
Kills Wife. Cliild and Self.
ST. LOUIS, May 4.— With the open
ing day of the World's Fair well behind
them,, the Callfornians, with the thou
sands of other exhibitors, are still busi
ly employed in making a fair. Califor
nia is among the few States that are
nearly ready to say "completed."
Though the variety of her display is
marvelous and her space next to the
largest in the agricultural building
where the most is*shown by the differ
ent States, she has kept abreast of the
leaders through the zealous efforts of
the various county commissioners.
• Getting goods delivered, even from
. ¦ th$ biggest firms, has been very diffi
i cult. It will probably .be less so now
. ' that better weather has come and the
[ roads out toward the fair and the en
; trances to the grounds are not gluey
; bogs. One order sent out at 11 in the
. | morning reached its destination in the
. | 7 California section at 6:30. Alameda
, and Contra Costa had to wait a week
. ; for glass for their cases and Kings and
. ' Fresno made a display on the opening
, day without the burlap covering .on
I their building because they couldn't get
; the material in the first place 'and
couldn't get it tacked on in time when
they did get it.
Despite all they have been through,
though, and what they have yet to con
¦ tend with,' the Californlans are happy.
1 They are pleased at the< sptsndid dis
play their State is making «ji4 the fig
j ure she will cut at the fair.
; i Though the Sacramento Development
I Association will not be ready with its
1 display for two weeks yet, the change \
¦• in the plans of its structure will prove ;
! beneficial and when the show is com
fpleted it will be something that the
whole State may be proud of. Espe
cial State interest hangs about this ex
hibit, as it represents the region con
taining the capital of the State and
j strangers are prone to look. to the re
' gion containing the capital as being
representative. The central structure
of the display has been elaborated so
as to represent the State House in the
city of Sacramento." It will be 46 feet
I high and a flag staff at the top will
I bear the name "Sacramento Valley."
! The new contract has been let and the
building has been commenced. It will
be put up "all at once," something af
ter the fashion of a modern sky scrap
er, nearly all of it being constructed
in sections outside the fair grounds.
CALIFOKXIAXS ARE ILL.
Dr. Green, who has been here with
Judge Wills representing the develop
ment association. Is Just getting around
again after a severe illness. Nearly
every member of the California colony
has been s'.ck at seme time since ar
rival here, owing to the change of cli
mate. Most of the county commis
j sioners live at the -Blue Grass Hotel
! at 4040 Olive street, not a. great dis
tance from the fairgrounds: They are
on a street car line that will afford -no
accommodations later on . for anything
larger than a fly after the cars leave
the downtown section.
Full grown trees are springing up in
a day about the California building and
the walks are being graveled and the '
grounds sodded. realistic represent
ation of 'a: mission '¦- structure in its
grove of "olives and oranges will soon
be.nresented.
The warmer weather is very gratify
ing to the Filipinos, who have seen .
their first blizzard and are not^ desir
ous of taking one home with them. The. '>
festive spirit that filled these • new
American broth s on their trip': here
from San , Francisco has been some
>i r^ limn m iffti mrt f . ¦ffl nrtirw t im ¦ ~m ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ tit r-^.
GOODS DELIVERED SLOWLY.
j cents an hour and ordinary labor for
23 cents.
Labor generally is not making ex
cessive demands In the way of wages,
however., considering It is exposition
time and prices are high. The Califor
nians are getting carpenters for 65
San Francisco has some unions, but
the World's Fair makes a special and
complete display in this line. Every
man who tacks on a piece of burlap,
unpacks some prunes or lifts a case
belongs to some sort of a uniqn and
any discourtesy shown is likely to tie
up a whole building. Strikes are de
j clared somewhere every fifteen minutes
and unless a prompt adjustment 'is
made there are chances that every
hired man except the Jefferson Guards
— the exposition police—will be resting.
It is said there is a movement on foot
by the unions to charge double time
for all strikes. It is thought that this
will make the employers less pompous
and tend to promote harmony.
The Riverside county commissioner
wanted some cheese cloth lining tacked j
up in the irrigation booth. This work
was ordinarily worth $7 including the
lining. The decorators demanded $75.
The commissioner said he would do
the work himself, but he couldn't show
any card better than a laundry- ticket.
Pretty soon the work of grading the
Exposition grounds stopped and a tie
up of the' St. Louis street car system
was threatened. Before the trouble
could get beyond the borders of the
State a detective was put on the track
and its source was traced to the River
side booth. The commissioner agreed
to* pay. the $75 — and the world began to
revolve again.
There is enough shown by California
how to dazzle the visitor, but May 15
will probably see a completed display
and this will equal any record made in
the agricultural building. Of course
this prediction is made in the belief
that contractors will be catching up
with their work from now on and that
skilled labor will be more easily ob
tained. It doesn't take long to put
even an- elaborate display in place if
conditions are half favorable.
* Night work would have helped mat
ters along and probably resulted in the
counties that were behind being en
tirely ready on tne first, but no lights
have been Drovided in the agricultural
building.
LABOR DIFFICULTIES.
| It is not the fault of any county com
missioner that his display is not ready.
When each arrived here and surveyed
his space he said to himself: "My con
j stituents will be pleased to learn that
j their display was all ready when the
j curtain was rung up." Then he began
j to fall against contractors who were
full of promise and a month behind
with their work; labor unions that
gathered up their doll rags at the
slightest breach of etiquette 'and be
sides these a bunch of pirates in gen
eral that felt assured their last chance
j on earth of getting rich lay in the Loui
siana Purchase Exposition. As a con
sequence, when the opening day came
those of the commissioners who had
figured on enough time only to erect
four such displays as they had in hand,
were somewhat behind.
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
THE CALL'S REPRESENTATIVE. WHO HAS BEEN SENT TO ST. LOUIS TO GIVE SPECIAL REPORTS CONCERNING THE
IX5UISIANA PURCHASE EXPOSITION. AND SCENES ALONG THE PRINCIPAL VANTAGE POINTS. PORTRAYING IM
PORTANT FEATURES OF THE GREAT WORLD'S FAIR ON THE OPENING DAY. ru«i«AU.>u iu
i ; ,
DENVER, Colo., May 4.— The con
vention composed of delegates of the
cattle growers of the" States west of
i the Missouri River to-day completed
the organization of the Cattle Grow
ers' Interstate Executive Committee
and adjourned. The following board
of managers was elected, the second
name for each State being that of the
alternate:
Texas — Mlndo MacKenzie and Captain John
' T Lytle.
New Mexico— "W. C. Barnes and Frank Low.
' South Dakota — Frank M. Stewart.
Montana — J. M. : Boardman and J. M. Holt.
Colorado — Conrad Schae/er and A. N. Par
rlsh.
. Utah — John White and M. K. Parsons.
Kansas — M. M. Sherman and Senator Miller.
t Nebraska — \V. G. Cotnstock and H. H. Kob-
I inson. ¦•"• :'',
I Wyoming — A. I*. Bowie.
Indian Territory— H. P. Ward and Dr. J. S.
Fulton.
Idaho — R. F. Buler and F. J. Hagenbarth.
j "j Iowa — A. L. Ames. •
j W. W. Turney of Texas and F. P.
Johnson of Denver, president and sec
retary, respectively, of the interstate
committee, are ex-offlcio members of
i the board.
An assessment of one-fourth of one
cent on every head of stock owned by
those who Join was ordered. This will"
furnish a fund of $100,000 it is said.
, H. H. Robinson of Denver was elected
treasurer.
Committees will be appointed by' the
board of managers, which will begin
a vigorous canvass of the railroads,
stock yards and packers of the coun
try. A corps of assistants will be em
ployed to gather data of the methods
employed by the meat trust. The evi
dence will be laid before the Interstate
Commerce Commission and a commit
tee will later call upon Attorney Gener
al Knox to Institute proceedings
against the meat combine.
Conferences will be held with heads \
of the railroads handling the live stock
transportation regarding improved
transportation and lower rates.
' The plans of the board of managers
fnclude the formation of local organ
izations in the various States repre
sented in the conference for the agita
tion of the appointment of a board of
railroad commissioners in each State. .
. Two of the hardest worked people in
the California end of the fair are Sec
retary K. B: Willis and his assistant.
Miss Pringle. ¦'¦¦¦ -hey have "scarcely had
time to' leave their desks since their
arrival and though the worst of the
work. is over It looks . as if they will
have to earn a good deal more than
their salaries during the remainder of
the exposition.'
Isaac Grant of the Grant Drug Com
pany, San Francisco, Is among the
prominent Callfornians here. He is
making a display of Oriental matting
for a company of which he is one of
the organizers.' ' ¦
: Mrs. Abbie E. Krebs, president of the
Caspar Lumber Company, is in -charge
of a display made ~y. California red
wood manufacturers in , the .'lumber
building, officially 'designated the' Hoo
Hoo building from ".the^ peculiar cry
lumbermen* use in calling each other
in the woods.
California's unusual and extensive
method of representation by counties
is creating some friction at the pass de
partment of the exposition, the busiest
of the fair just at present. Many per
sons connected with county commis
sions, but who are not actually In
charge of any exhibit here, are expect
ing passes and have had applications
made for them. It Is felt by the ap
plicants that because of California's
expensive display those who helped
provide it should be treated liberally
in the matterjof passes. .
ATTACH ES OVERWORKED.
There is not much of an influx of
Callfornlans to date. The hotel regis
ters show but few arrivals from the
Golden State. The Callfornians now
here' are largely those who have expo
sition business. '¦¦- '-¦>'.•"' ','v*"'
George Roedlng of Fresno, who is
chief of the California Department of
Horticulture at the World's Fair, has
reached here and- is now In charge of
the California section at the Horticul
tural building. ? - Mr. Roeding has
achieved much fame as a producer of
figs. ?'?¦*;' -<
During the snowstorm here the Lu
z, 1 natives longed for some of the
clothes they had s'- recklessly thrown
away on the trip over the prairies.
They huddled about fires and kept their
spirits -o by -thinking of the good old
steamy summer time in St. Louis— so
much" like the summers of Luzon, they
had been promised.
' The Filipino settlement is going to be
one ft the great attractions of the fair
and the exposition officials are showing
it every favor. San Franciscans and
other Californiars who saw the Mac
cabeebe scouts and others of the Phil
ippine natives during the time they
were in the western metropolis will
take great Interest in them here. The
little • fellows are busy erecting many
buildings of bamboo, which will flank
the more pretentious Spanish struc
tures in iheir inclosure, which includes
forty acres. Few -'.sltors to the fair
grounds overlook the Philippine set
tlement.
COLD FOR THE FILIPINOS.
what subdued. They painted a lurid
trail on their nil"" across the conti
nent and In several cities police as
sistance had to be Invoked. They
seemed to feel their value as curios!-"
ties too much to greatly fear being
shot. : -'.'I.' ;
Convention of the Stock
Growers Plans a Vigorous
Campaign Against Packers
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. May 4. — Four
bandit*, convicted of murder,, were Bmrroted
to-day. It was the first legal execution since
the Spanish regime.
WILL OPPOSE
MEAT COMBINE
I .tire Him From Parish House to the
Street by Crying Out
for Aid.
' OMAHA Neb.. May 4.— Responding
to a cry for help. Father Geary, as
sistant priest of the Holy Family
Church, was viciously assaulted by
the man who asked for aid. The
I'l-iest is 75 years of ajre.
i>ate lart night he was pacing up
and down on the lawn of the parish
house when two men called to him
from the sidewalk that they were in
trouble. He at once went to their
•assistance and was struck a heavy
"blow on the head and fell uncon
scious.
• Father Fitzpatrick. who was re
.turning from a school entertainment.
came on the scene at the opportune
•moment r>-,d the men ran. It is sup
r.osed they had intended to attack
Fflther Fitzpatrick. who presumably
had the proceeds of the entertainment
.i-i his pockets. This afternoon Father
'Ceary was said to be out of danger.
A».ED PRIEST BRUTALL.Y
ASSAULTED BY THUGS
Preponderance of Chinese Males Due
to Admission of Mongolians m
American- Born. ¦'.'/-
WASHINGTON. May 4. — The Direc
tor of the Census has prepared a state
ment explaining the discrepancy be
tween the number of male and fe
male American-born Chinese in the
United States. The returns of the six
teenth census show that of the 9010.
Chinese claiming American nativitiy.
6617 were males and 2363 females.
The Director expressed the conviction
that the preponderance of males is
due to the fact that many male na
tives of China have fraudulently se
cured admission as American-born.
FINDS DISCREPANCIES
IX CENSUS FIGURES
SANTA CRUZ, May 4. — The will of
Murdock Young, who died here in
April. 1903, leaving an estate valued at
513,000, to be distributed among his
friends, has been sustained. In the
will he declared tha* he had never
been married, but it was subsequently
learned that fifty years ago he left a
wife and four children in Vermont.
The court held that Young's failure to
mention his children was intentional
and not an oversight.
Court Sustains the Will.
OGDEN, Utah, May 4.— No trace has
yet been discovered of Charles Lennox,
the escaped murderer and the Butte
deputy sheriff who disappeared from
an incoming passenger train yesterday.
Sheriff. Quinn and police officers and
sheriffs are engaged in a close search
of the surrounding country. Early this
morning a stranger was seen in a be
draggled condition about five miles
north of this city, but he disappeared
before the ofllcers could be notified. The
officers believe now that the murderer
killed the deputy sheriff .after leaving
the train, threw the body into the Og
den River andHhen escaped.
Lennox was in charge of Deputy
Sheriff Miller of Silver Bow County. •
Last night , about 10 o'clock a man
showed up at a sal#on in the northern
part of the city covered with mud and
water, as if he might have been in
the river. He was alone and offered
no explanation, but left the place in a
few -minutes..
BUTTE. Mont.. May 4.— Charles Len
nox,, for whom Sheriff Quinn, of. Silver
Bow,.c6%rity is searching in Utah, is
waited he/e for the murder of Charles
Wimams, a Butte, A'naconda and Pa
cific, freight conductor, at Silver Bow
Junction, this county, in May. 1902.
Lennox was found guilty and con
demned to death. In August 1903, he
broke jail with six others, including
his accomplice. Jame3 Martin. Martin
was recaptured and hanged /here last
February. » Should Lennox be recap
tured he will be hanged at once, as
when he broke jail the Supreme Court
abrogated his right of appeal.
Authorities Fear Condemned
Man Killed His Keeper and
Threw Body Into River
HOUSTON. Tex., May 4.— At an early
hour this morning: Texas was visited by
the severest • electrical, wind and rain
Etorm of the year. Reports up to to
right tell of th^ loss of a dozen lives
-frc-m drowning: and lightning stroke*.
At .Galveston the wind attained a ve
locity of fifty miles an hour and great
Alarm was felt notwithstanding the
¦eau-aU. "Water rose high on the isl
and and the damage to property is con-
FideraBle. The storm was severest in
the northern and central portions. At
Vy!»r there was a cloudburst and with
in- an hour a precipitation of eignt
'inches of rain. Two children of Joe
Smith were drowned while crossing
a field. James G. Jackson and two sons
were drowned in attempting to save
? their mules in a stable which was car
ried into a raging ravine. At Austin
General Smith, Roland and Jesse Fos
' ter, who were driving in a hack, were ;
crowned by being overturned In a
culch.
Twenty miles of a railroad track en
"the International and Great Northern
Central and other lines was washed out
in Central Texas and traffic Is para
lyyifd. Near Bryan the electric fury
v.as grreatest. Many houses were struck,
but the only fatalities reported were
the deaths of D. F. Holland, a prom
. Jnent farmer, and James Mason, col
or <-d. each killed by an electric bolt.
1 he crop damage is very heavy around
Navasota and Palestine. Three per
sons v, ere killed by lightning near
Prairie and two others injured
serious!)*. Five \nches of water fell in
three hours, the heaviest ever known
jn .that section. Four houses were
struck at Caldwell. and in one barn
five horses were killed by a single bo't.
The suirm covered a wide area, extend
ing from the north boundary of the
au\{ and in width an area of 100 mile*.
' The loss to crops will be very heavy.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Rain Falls in Torrents and
People Unsheltered Are 7
Drowned in jhe Cloudburst
ALARM AT GALVESTON
AFFAIR IS MYSTERIOUS
Preparations Have Been Somewhat Retarded on Account
of Labor Difficulties, but the Variety and Quality of
the Golden State's Many Attractions Are Unparalleled
So'uthern Texas Is Swept
• by the Raging Elements
.and Many Lives Are Lost
Xo Trace Found of Butte
Murderer and Deputy Sher
iff Who Jumped Off Train
CALIFORNIA'S EXHIBIT IS AMONG THE
FOREMOST AT ST. LOUIS EXHIBITION
STORM'S FURY
IS DISASTROUS
LENNOX ELUDES
THE OFFICERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 5. .1901.
3
NEW ADVEBTISEarElJTJL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Just Received
A Special Line of
Domestic and Imported Crash in a
large and complete assortment; sizes to
fit men of all proportions.
CL All new and handsome designs; guar-
anteed fast colors.
PRICES
All the way from
$3.50 to $15.00
BATH SLIPPERS
Bath Slippers in great variety; mate- ! .
rials to match robes.
75c to $2.00
ROOS BROS.
K E A R N Y A T P O S T. /
HAXB SOrX AS SILK.
New Scientific Treatment Kills DaadroS
Germs, and Makes Hair Soft.
It is an accepted fact, a proven fact,
that dandruff is a germ disease; and it is
also a demonstrated fact that Newbro's
Herpicide kills the dandruff germ. With-
out dandruff falling hair would stop, and
thin hair will thicken. Herpicide not only
kills the dandruff germ, but it also makes
hair as soft as silk. It is the most de-
lightful hair dressing made. It cleanses
the scalp from dandruff and keeps it
clean and healthy. Itching and irrita-
tion are instantly relieved, and perma-
nently cured. There's nothing "just as
good." Take no / substitute. Ask for
"Herpicide." Sold by leading druggists.
Send 10c In stamps for sample to The
Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
KODAK
Developing *
and Printing
KODAK WORK IS MT SPECiAUlT.
I have set the pace on low prices on this
work and I hare established a standard of
excellence which gives It special value.- >
Here are a few prices:
DEVELOPING.
Roll of six 10c
Roll of twelve 15c
, PRINTING.
Polio finish 3c to Sc
Velox finish * 3c to 6c
All popular sizes of daylight loading
films at popular prices. Out-of-town ortltrs
promptly filled. ijgflB
inf^ VISITINCr CA|f
IUUCAROS KS OUy
COMttCT STYLCS -AMD SIZE*. AL»O
eusiHts* amo »wr(MMn*b onto*
THAT NAN PITTS
-rw-pnrT3-t>,.st«tu««-.
1008 Market Street- JSSSX
A visit DR. JOF DAN'S o»catJ
dHUSEUiOF ANATOMY'
A cja iosiiuaxxT3!.ttt.stM7a,f.r.M. l i
\ Cj -. The L»rr«t AMtoaical Macn la tk«
Q mKwt>*L W » rli "MkKm or ny counett* , '
« \JL£ t**4 dis«<« i««4«l»-l r ««r*4 nj Ue •idtsl '
O IfijQi s S*"*''«on ibeCaui. Hit. yein __ ( I
6 Afjrffi DR. JORDAN-Q'SEASES OF KIN , I
\ ffSMn Conmlt&twa free and strictly print*.
m M-JtS%£ B Truinmi pmooally •» by Inter. A i
T fi if l?4 m J*ti*m» CVi m mry caM uadmakta. '
APE lift Write for »i«k.riIII.««OP»T»» i
» a i* KABiatiACK. MAtuo rum. (a\
A Q I* »«io«ble book for mm > \
V Da JOED AN at CO.. 1061 Msrket «t.8. F. ¥
Q-^><V^^^^^^Cy^^>^'*^^^^-^'^0)
.- *
How wf)uld it do' for youJ
grocer to sell poor stuff or d^ 1 "
stuff as he sells Schilling's
UCbl .
Ivloneybacll*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SYSTEMIC CATARRH a^Mi aeB
Claims Many Thousands. A Tragedian's Thanks to Pe-ru-na.
I ROBERT DOWNING, TNE FAMOUS TRAGEDIAN. I
I • » « « * .....*
In speaking of Peruna, Robert Down- with that tendency to sudden hoarseness
ing. the famous tragedian, says: so apt to overtake one on emerging from
"I find Peruna a preventive against a hot dressing-room to a draughty stage,
all sudden summer ills that swoop upon "To sum it up. Peruna has done me
one in changing climates and water. It more good than any tonic I have ever
is the finest traveling companion and taken." — Robert Downing,
safeguard against malarial influences. Dr. Hartman was the first physician in
"You may notice that persons in poor the United States to accurately describe
health always find the heat most Intoler- systemic catarrh. His remedy. Peruna,
able: this I avoid by using Peruna. I the only systemic catarrh remedy yet de-
,.„„„ >,,, ,»,- ?»,_,._,.„,-.»-- ?>,«? ?>,» vised, is now known all over the civil-
know by the thermometer that the Jzed world A per8On used it once
weather is hot. yet I have felt the neat can neV er be persuaded to be without it
less this summer than ever. when in need of such a remedy.
"The cooling action of Peruna on the Write for a copy of Dr. Hartman' a lat-
mucoiis membrane makes it invaluable est book, entitled "Summer Catarrh."
to actors and singers, as it does away Address Dr. Hartman, Columbus. Q.their effort to find the author of the
anonymous letters.. ,The hearing will
go on at 10:30 this morning. L-
Tcu can go to the St. Louis Fair and back
for sixty-seven dollars and a half, or to Chi
cago and return for seventy-two fifty. If you
buy your ticket next week. Take a berth In
one of those newly decorated and upholstered
tourist cars of the Union and, Southern Pa
clflc. S. F. Booth. Gen. Agt.. U. P. R. R.. 1
Monteomery street. - •
A Great Deal for Very Little.
Charles W. Johnson of Minnesota
was agreed upon as general secretary
of the convention. The committee also
agreed to recommend John R. Malloy
of Ohio as assistant secretary, seven
other assistant secretaries, including
Walter S. Mellick of California; five
reading clerks, a clerk at the presi
dent's desk, an official reporter, two
tally clerks, a messenger to the chair
man, a sergeant at arms and assistant
and a chief of doorkeepers. ,
All with the exception of .Mellick,
named as one of the assistant secreta
ries, are from east of the Missouri
River.
It was decided that each delegate
to the convention would be apportioned
one gallery ticket in addition to the
ticket of admission to the floor. A re
port was received from the Central
Traffic Association, saying that a rate
equal to the fare one way for round
trip tickets would be made to and from
Chicago, the tickets to be good going
from the 16th of June until the 20th
and, returning.- good until the 29th.
DETROIT, May 4.— James H. Stone,
who to-day was selected for one of the
assistant reading clerks of the Repub
lican convention,, has been dead for a
number of months. He was a promi
nent citizen of this city.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— The sub
committee, of the Republican National
Committee, appointed to make ar
rangements for the coming national
committee, met herp to-day for the
purpose of completing a preliminary
organization of the convention.
After agreeing that former Secretary
of War Elihu Root would be recom
mended for temporary chairman, the
sub-committee In looking up the prece
dents found that it had been the cus
tom for the full committee to select
the temporary chairman and this- will
be done at a meeting which Chairman
Payne will call for Chicago June 15.
Republican National Committee. Rec
ommends Temporary Officiate.
PREPARING FOR CONVENTION.
ATTACKS DENVER TICKET.
Senator Patterson Hires a Hull ami
Denounces the Democrats
DENVER, Mny 4. — Senator Thomas
M. Patterson addressed an audience of
5000 people in Coliseum Hal! to-night
on "Local Issues From a Democratic
Standpoint." The speech was an as
sault upon the local Democratic ticket,
which will be voted upon at the city
election on May 17. Senator Patter
son has repudiated the ticket, charg
ing that the Mayoralty candidate,
Robert Speer, is the agent of the cor
porations and that the ticket itself
from top to bottom Is not Democratic,
but "Speer."
The Senator inveighed against elec
tion frauds, which, he declared, have
made the name of Denver "infamous,"
and for which he charged Robert W.
Speer to be responsible as the "local
Democratic boss." Senator Patterson
personally paid the expenses of to
night's meeting.
BLISS TO SUCCEED HAXXA.
New York Man Likely to Manuge the
Republican Campaign.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— Cornelius
N. Bliss of New York, who dined with
the President last night, when Sena
tor.Aldrlch also was a guest, left for
New York this afternoon, after talk
ing to several influential Republican
party managers during the day.
- It is now practically settled that
Bliss will very shortly make known
his willingness to serve as chairman
of the Republican National Commit
tee if the members who are to be
elected at the national convention In
June should ask him to do so.
SAN FRANCISCAN WEDS
A BELLE OF PITTSBURG
Marriage of Dr. F. E. Ross nnd
3Ilss Margaret Benton Is a
Social Event.
PITTSBURG, May 4.— Dr. Frank
Ellmore Ross of San Francisco was
married this evening to Miss J. Mar
garet Benton at St. Stephen's Epis
copal Church, Sewickley, a suburb.
The event was a social affair. The
vested choir of sixty voices sang "The
Wedding March" as the bridal party
entered the church. The Rev. Wil
liam Benton, a cousin, officiated and
the Rev.- Robert Benton, father of the
bride, gave her away. John R. Ben
ton of Washington, D. C, a brother of
the bride, acted as best man. The
couple left for Washington.
AMERICAN MINISTER
TO 'VISIT KING PETER
Will Present His Credentials to Prince
Placed Upon a Throne 'by .
Regicides. \
VIENNA, May 4.— Jacobson, the
United States Minister to Greece, Rou
mania and Servia, will go to Belgrade
to-morrcrw, where he : will spend a few
days and present his credentials to
King Peter. ¦¦*
A \ telegram .from Belgrade says that
elaborate preparations are being made
for King , Peter's coronation , June 1 5,
the anniversary of his election to the
throne by the Servian Parliament.
The coronation will take place- at
Kosieritza. ;
Gold Standard Rejected.
PANAMA, May 4. — The proposal
before the Assembly that Panama
should adopt the United States gold
standard was rejected, after an ex
cited discussion, by. 16 votes to 13.
The Government, arid the opposition
parties did not act as units.'
United States District Attorney Mar
shall B. Wood worth* was then called for
a few questions on the lines of those
asked Slack and Samuels. He said he
had nothing to do with the letter to
Schneider and had not. talked with
either of them about it,, but he. had
sent Slack to Washington just as he
had sent the other Government wit
nesses from San Francisco, without
telling them anything of the progress
of the. investigation. ... V . .. - k ..-••..
When, the 'day closed Dimond's coun
sel had made no apparent progress, in
"I object to this volunteer statement
from Mr. Hyde," interrupted Knight.
"If he wants to testify let him be
sworn and take the stand. He has re
fused to do this. Hence we. do not
want his unsworn statements to go
on the record."
"Objection sustained," ruled Com
missioner Heacock.
Samuels manifested a disposition to
make a speech in answer to every
question, and finally denounced Knight
and Wheeler for "instigating the sus
picion" that he or Slack had any con
nection with the letters. The examina
tion was at last, concluded, however,
ajid he left the stand.
All these denials were in answer to
Knight'* questions designed to dis
cover the author of the anonymous
communications. Still others were ob
tained from the witness when he de
clared he had none but the friendliest
feeling toward Hyde and had, never
written or countenanced the writing of
an anonymous letter to or against him
or to or against any one else. Finally
he denied having any knowledge j that
would implicate Mrs. Belle Curtis'with
the new celebrated epistles. This
brought another emphatic utterance
from Hyde.
"Mrs. Curtis did not write any of
the anonymous letters. She could not
have done so. She had no knowledge
of facts contained in them and—"
CLKAKS .MRS. CURTIS.
At this point Hyde himself requested
and obtained permission to make', a
statement.
"In Justice to Miss Farwell, who is
now dead." he said. "I want to say
that I never charged her with writing
such a letter or even suspected that
she could have any connection with it.
Neither did any one else who knew
her."
Samuels declared he had not been
in San Jose or its vicinity since 1902,
and repeated with emphasis that he
had not mailed the Town Talk letter
or any other of the* anonymous com
munications. He had^never used *a
Blickensderfer typewriter, the only" one
he had ever seen being the one owned
by Dimond. ¦ • •
"On hearing this," said Samuels, "I
advised my client. Slack, to write
Schneider to keep nothing back
through consideration for him. The
k-tter was drafted by me arid Slack
copied it. In it Slack said that he had
no objection to Schneider's communi
cating anything he knew about the
writer to any person or under any cir
cumstances whatever. The letter was
given to Burns, but before it was de
livered Schneider had fled to Mexico."
Samuels was asked by Knight wheth
er Hyde had ever spoken to him re
garding: any anonymous letters he had
received. The witness said the subject
had been mentioned once, Hyde speak
ing of an unsigned letter attacking him
personally and having no reference to
the land business. The only person
mentionedMn connection with the letter
was Miss Laura Farwell. Hyde had
tcld the witness that some one had
tried to connect her indirectly with the
anonymous letter referred to, but that
he knew she had nothing to do with so
disreputable a matter. ,
latter had refused to tell what he knew
about the Hyde-Benson land opera
tions, giving as a reason that he di<>
not want to incriminate his friend
Slack.
SLACK* HAD NOTHING TO FKAR.
OMAHA, May 4.— Members of the
Democratic Success League, recently
organized here, say they are convinced
that it is Bryan's purpose to leave the
national convention If he cannot have
what he wants.
"Within a month," said one of the
members of the league to r day, "J. F.
Harley of Lincoln told Mr. Bryan he
would like to be a delegate to the St.
Louis convention. He explained his
position on publics questions and prom
ised Bryan he would back him in
everything he wanted."
"Will you stay with me in a bolt if
it should come to that?" asked JJryan,
and Harley replied that he would not.
A few days later Tom Worrall,
Bryan's right-hand man, called on
Harley and told him that he could not
possibly be a delegate to St. Louis,
giving- as his reason Harley's refusal
to bolt if necessary. Members of the
Success League assert that they are
not fighting Bryan. Their chief con
cern is to see 'that a delegation repre
sents Nebraska that will not bolt. They
expect to see Bryan lead a movement
out of the hall if things do not go his
way and say that if the Nebraska dele
gation goes with him it will be a hu
miliating blow to the Democracy of the
State. Within a few days the names
of delegates whom they will fight for
at the primaries will be announced by
the league. The fight will be made on
the personalities of the candidates and
there will be no attempt to make
Bryan an issue. W. H. Thompson of
Grand Island, candidate for Governor
two years ago, and now candidate for
national committeeman, came to Oma
ha to-day in an endeavor to pacify the
Bryan and anti-Bryan wings of the
party. This mission did not meet with
any success and the fight will be car
ried to the polls on May 25.
EpecUl Dispatch to The Call.
The monotony of a dull day In the
land fraud case was broken yesterday
afternoon when Francis J. Heney,
counsel for the Government, read in
evidence a series of letters between
Defendants Henry P. Dimond and
Fred A. Hyde, showing that the for
mer had full knowledge of the Califor
nia school land laws when he was try
- ing to get the General Land Office at
Washington to remove the bar put up
on the Hrde ami Benson lieu selec
tions.
Throughout his testimony Dimond
has Insisted that he had no part or lot
in Hyde's irregular method of obtain
ing State school lands by employing
the friends of his colored Janitor and
other Irresponsible persons at a nom
inal consideration to sign affidavits
setting forth that they were applicants
In rood faith for such lands for their
¦own sole use and benefit. Hyde had
admitted to him in the famous letter
of January 16, 1902, that such methods
had been employed, but he had not
understood that they were contrary to
law.' He testified further that he had
never read the sections of the Political
Code requiring applicants for school
lands to make their* descriptive affi
davits from personal knowledge of the
lands sought to be "located." The let
ters that Heney introduced yesterday,
however, made it plain that these sec
tions wer^ the subject of frequent cor
refpondence between Dimond and the
land speculator. Under Heney's cross
• examination it came out that Dimond
h»d a copy of the code at hand when In
Washington, and that he had, at
Hyde's suggestion, written the Interior
Department calling attention to the
utrict requirements of the school land
sections as furnishing presumptive
evidence that the Hyde-Benson titles
offered to the Government were valid.
HYDE'S LAXD TITLES.
~*The day's work was largely with
documents. Heney put in a great
number, of letters from Hyde
lo Dimond and vice versa, covering
not only the matter of Dimond's
knowledge of the California code, but
also his acquaintance with the fact
i.hat he was acting, while at Washing
ton, for both Hyde and Benson. Then
Bert Schl**smjTer, of Hyde's counsel, of
fered in evidence the patents, certifi
cates of purchase and deeds held by his
client to all the California and Oregon
school lands for which d^eds of relln
quishment had been given by him to
the Goverrment to obtain the lieu sec
tions. This mass of documents covered
all the thirty-four counts in the indict
ment, and the reading of the briefest
descriptions of them took Schlesinger
nearly an hour.
It is the defects in the titles based
upon these' documents that the prose
cution alleges an support of its charge
that tho defendants conspired to sub
stitute fraudulent titles to State land^
{or unassailable title obtained from the
Government. Hence it was notleed
with interest that among the grantors
named in the deeds appeared the nams
<<t the fictitious Elizabeth Dimond.
whom Hyde at first claimed was a ser
vant in the Morris household at East
Oakland, but who is now conceded to
have been a myth. The transactions in
her name, including the affidavits and
acknowledgments purporting to have
been executed by her, constitute a ma-
Trial iiart of the Government's case
against the alleged conspirators.
Leon Samuels was recalled on the
opening of court in the morning and
Questioned further by Samuel Knight
of Dimond's counsel regarding his re
lations with Hyde an'd Walter K. Slack,
who, like Samuels, was formerly a
cierk in Hyde's office. He testified that
the letter to Defendant Joost H.
Schneider at Tucson, which he had
crafted for S!ack to sign, was written
at the suggestion of Detective Burns.
Burns bad told tho witness of an at
tempt to interview Schneider, when the
¦- Fictitious Elizabeth Di
mond Appears as Grantor
"*. in of His Papers
Opponents of the Nebraska
Statesman Are Trying to
Prevent Any Overt Act
HYDE'S TITLES UP AGAIN
POLITICIANS WOBEIED
Bishop Edward G. Andrews presided
at the afternoon session and Secretary ,
of the General Conference Dr. D. Y.
Monroe of the Central Pennsylvania
Conference, who arrived just in time to
take charge of his work at the after
noon meeting, called the roll of dels
gates. After finishing, this task Dr.
Monroe asked to make a st.i foment to
the General Conference. He wanted to.
ask, he said, to be excused 'from further
service as secretary, not because he
was in feeble health, as had been
stated, although he is Tl years old, but
for other and sufficient reasons. Dr.
Monroe told of his service as secretary,
When the confusion attending .the
assignment of the delegates to their
seats had subsided .Bishop Merrill
called the conference to order and in-'
troduced Bishop J. C. HartreHof*Af
rica, who delivered the opening,prayer.
He was followed by Bishop > W.-H. /War
ren and Rev. Dr. D- W. C. Iluntlng^n,
D.D., of Nebraska University,' who aTso
delivered brief prayers. An hour was
then given over to a musical service.-
The calling of the roll consumed the
time up to noon, when a motion was
carried to adjourn until 3 o'clock In
order to permit the late arriving dele
gates to make their hotel arrangements
before the actual business of the con
ference should claim their entire at
tention.
DELIVER BRIEF PRAYERS.
been seen even in this land of flowers
so beautifully decorated. Fifteen thou
sand calla lilies formed a hedge ex
tending entirely across the front of th*.
broad stage and beneath these a beau
tiful frieze work of smilax and ferns
reached the floor. Around the railing
of the galleries, with flags and bunting
for a background, the same scheme of
decoration had been carried out, the
while forming a • perfect bower of
bloom, beneath which the delegates sat.
The ceiling"* had been hung with im
mense flags, drooping in graceful folds
from the center to the galleries and
giving the appearance of a great sun
shade. In the rear of the stage an im
mense flag of shimmering silk fell from
ceiling to floor.
Bishop Merrill called the conference
to order in a formal manner and open
ed the day with a brief prayer.' Rev.
D. S. Monroe, D. D., secretary of the
conference, called the roll of delegates.
The entire morning session was given
up to the assignment of seats to the
various delegations.
Owing to the fact that it was impos
sible to secure any degree of quiet and
composure among the delegates and
spectators, the speeches of welcome by
the Governor, the Mayor and represen
tative California Methodists, this part
of the programme, having originally
been planned for the opening feature,
was postponed until evening.
Dimond's Writing to Hyde
Bead in Land Fraud Hear
ing to Contradict Him
The subject of the deaconess* work,
which was brought before the confer
ence on a motion by Rev. Mr. Brush
ingham of the Rock River Conference,
stirred up a lively debate' that occu
pied more than an hour. Rev. Mr.
Brushingham's motion was for a com
mittee on deaconess' wurk, composed
of fifty members, one-half ministers
and one-half laymen, three to bo. ap
pointed by each of the fourteen district
conferences, and the remainder by the
Bfshdps. ¦ This was amended by Rev.
Dr. Hughes of St. Louis so as to give
the Bishops power to appoint the en
tire membership of the committee.
The debate that followed was lively,
Dr. Arder of Ohio, Dr. Boyle of Pitts
burg and Dr. Thomas B. Neeley of
New York arguing against giving the
Bishops the appointive power, while
Dr. W. H. Wilder of Illinois* argued
"I want to say," said Dr. Buckley,
pausing for a moment after the flash,
"that\he man who did that may be a
photographer, "but he Is ignorant of
human nature. I trust that those in
charge of this. hall will not again per
mit such nerve-racking acts as that
without due notice to those present."
,"1 shall ask,", said Bishop Andrews,
"that the superintendent of the build
ing and the officers of the law pro
tect us from another such shock."
Dr. -Buckley's t resblutlons- were
adopted unanimously and a copy or
dered presented to the retiring secre
tary.
Nominations for General Conference
secretary being in order, the following
names were placed before the confer
ence:
Dr. James B. Hingeley of Minnesota;
Dr. Stephen O. Benton of the New
England Conference; Dr. E. M. Mills,
Dr. C. C. Townsend of the Northern
New York Conference and Dr. E. W.
Lane.
.. Three ballots were taken before Dr.
Hingeley was selected, the first giving
him. 146, the second 246 and the third
351 votes.
a On motion of Dr. Buckley, the rules
governing the last General Conference
were made the rules of the present
conference. :
extending over a period of twenty
years, and asked the conference not to
consider him as a candidate for re
election. '
Dr. James M. Buckley of New York
presented a set of resolutions com
mending the great work performed by
Dr. Monroe during his" tenure of office
as, secretary to the General Conference
and expressing the appreciation of ths
church. While. Dr. Buckley was read
ing his resolutions a photographer set
off a flashlight in the gallery and 'a
sudden flash and report so startled the
eminent New York churchman! that he
took occasion to express his condemna
tion of such methods.
SECRETARY IS ELECTED.
Continued From .Page 1, Column 2.
Former Democratic Nominee
May Bolt Convention if
Things Do Not Suit Him
LETTERS SHOW
HE KNEW CODE
BRYAN PLANS
SOME TROUBLE
HEARST BOOM
IS REFRESHED
EMINENT LEADERS IN METHODISM
ATTEND THE GENERAL CONFERENCE
HEARST'S MEN
CARRY IOWA
New Yorker Is Victorious
in the State .Convention
and Has a Safe Majority
Prediction That the Santa
Cruz Convention Will Give
Instruction to Delegates
SESSION 1STUBBULEXT
TAEPEY IS IN OLYMPIA
Embittered Speeches Are
Made on Both Sides and
the Is Intense
Bernard D. Murphy Eesting
Prom His Arduous Work
at the 3Ionticello Club
— •*
At Hearst headquarters In the Grand
Hotel it Is estimated that not more
than 100 of the 723 delegates to the
Democratic State convention at Santa
Cruz will oppose the resolution in
structing the California delegation to
support Hearst in the National Con
vention. The estimate i* based on the
result of Tuesday's election in the
cities where the primary election la\v
is mandatory, and on the returns of
appointment made by county com
mittees in localities where the primary
law is not compulsory. In several
counties, meetings to elect or appoint
delegates will be held next Saturday.
The California delegation to tha
Democratic National Convention will
consist of twenty memDers, four at
large and two from each Congres
sional district. There is nothing, how
ever, in the case of the national com
mittee to compel the recognition of
Congressional districts In the selection
of delegates. The entire delegation
may be taken from one county or one
Congressional district, but of course
locality will be recognized cm the broad
ground of common fairness.
No one Is yet slated or widely men
tioned for chairman of the Santa Crux
convention. J. F. Coonan of Hum
boldt and David S. Ewing of Fresno
have had experience in handling con
ventions. Isadore Dockweiler of Los
Angeles and Thomas J. Geary of So
noma are against instruction for
Hearst,
M. F. Tarpey of Alameda, the organ
izer of the Hearst forces on the Pa
cific Coast, is now at Olympia. Wash
ington. Bernard D. Murphy, chairman
of the Democratic State Central Com
mittee, was at the Monticello Club last
night.
XAPA REPUBLICANS MEET.
Name Men Who Arc to Represent
Them at State Convention.
NAPA. May 4. — The Republican
county convention met hert\ to-day
and elected the following delegates to
the State convention to be held at
Sacramento: C. A. Carroll. J.
H. Stever. A. X. Bell. Dr. W. L. Blod
gett, G. W. Strohl, W. J. Lindow. W.
H. Corlett, E. S. Hennessey, F. W.
Bush and A. L. Brown. Resolutions
were adopted indorsing Theodore
Roosevelt for President, approving the
State administration, indorsing Gov
ernor Pardee for delegate at large to
the national Republican convention.
Indorsing Duncan McKinlay of Santa
Rosa for Congressman from the Sec
ond District and favoring the re-elec
tion of Senator Corlett and Assembly
man Kins to the Legislature.
Japan Purchases Locomotives.
TACOMA. Wash., May 4. — Seven
larg» railway locomotives are being
loaded on the steamship Tremont ai
this port destined for Japan. It is
said the engines are for use on the
ne*«v railroad in Korea.
strongly in favor of the substitute.
The Hughes substitute wag carried by
a large majority and the committee
will be appointed by the Bishops.
ADDRESS BY GOVERNOR.
Dr. W. F. McDowell of Ohio moved
the. appointment of a judiciary com
mittee, which, he asserted, was very
much needed by the general conference
to consider the many questions of law
that constantly arose. He wished this
committee to be composed of one mem
ber from each district conference and
three at large, to be named by the
Bishops and confirmed by the General
Conference. The resolution prevailed
and the firgt matter that . will come
before the judiciary committee when
it shall have been chosen is the subject
of a standing provision for superannu
ated Methodist ministers.
The Episcopal address was made a
special order for to-morrow morning at
10:40 o'clock.
To-night at Hazard's Pavilion Gov
ernor George C. Pardee welcomed the
General Conference in behalf of the
State of CalifornhfT He said:
Ladies and Gentlemen: Not all California n»
are Methodists: but ail Methodist* ought to be
Callfornians, for all real Callfornlans are
good people, and all Methodiati belnsr also
sood people, would make Ideal 'Callforn!an«.
Therefore, ladies and gentlemen of the Meth
odist convention, we welcome you to Califor
nia the "land of sunshine, fruit and flower*."
the land where no man's safest. life Insurance
policy is a cyclone cellar, where lightning; rods
are unnecessary and therefore .unknown; the
land where no one dies from summer heat or
winter cold." where all may work with hand
or head from sunrise to sunset every day In
every year, except, of course. Sundays and
holidays; the land where one may bathe tn
the pellucid water of the placid, unvexed" Pa
cific and ' lunch on strawberries and nransxs
on New Year's day; the land where the Fourth
of July may be celebrated tn comfort and with
pleasure; the land of the big trees which, llv.
in* for thousands of years beneath our Cali
fornia sun. are Irrefutable evidence* Vif our
healthful climate: the land of the Yosemite.
where one may graze down five thousand feet
into the depth9 of the ancient glaciers' mla-hty
furrow and watch the water falMnp In fllmy
laces and In mllkv foam from cliffs that make
the gaier's upraised face turn white an h»
surveys their shuddering heights; the land
guarded by the snow-capped Sierras, holding
in their arms the heroes of Donner Lake and
sentineled by client and majestic Shasta *n<J
mlKhty Mount Whitney; the land where alone
Is possible a Los Angeles, a Pasadena, a Red
land« a Riverside, now echoing with the bustle
of business, the music of machinery and the
whirr of wheels, where, even within the short
adult memory of him who stands before you.
the arid acres were peopled only with the wild
things of the hill and plain, where now the
orange and the vine, the lemon and the flg
tree please the sight as far as eye can reach.
WELCOME TO GOLDEN' STATE.
We welcome you to the land, whose 730
miles of coast are Indented by three great bay*,
with that of San Francisco, capable of *helter
lnsr In land -locked safety ths fle»ted navies of the.
entlr* earth the greatest harbor in the world,
that bay- wher»on gits San Francisco, only «I«;ht
ypars older than myself, her well nt(rh half
a million of busy people sheltered where but
three score years tieo the shifting sand dunea
hfld sunrema control ard where, lookjnir out
ward throueh the Golden Gate, the eye of
him who reads the nresrnsnt future see's the
laden i>r»ro*les bearing hltherwaM norofs the
p'aeid Pacific th« wealth of the land that was
the Kast. but Is now our own West. w<ll
shortly shower into our receptive laps: the.
land where th> irreat valley* of the Sacrn
mepto pnd the Fan .Toaquln offer to the rental
California sun their fourteen million fertile
ncre*. which soon will nourish mlUlcnii of
happy and contented neople; th*> lard whose
mountains, covered with glorious pines and
miithty redwood*. such as no other land hin
poen are yielding annually million* of the
pr«-oipi'« .metal* and. irive u* y«>t another name
— the Golden State: the land where nature, i»»
wavs pmillns:. never cruel to her children, man
or bea?t. Kiv«s up her willing treasures to him
who only presses forward hi* suit: the land th?t
never hidden 'neath the rr.eltinjr unow responds
with «»nillns- flowers to Rent!" "winter rains
and pnlendid summer suns: the- land that woos
ard lays her mngrie snell on him who comes
within the influence of her nepenthe air and
sun and plain and sea.
Welcome. In a word. In California! And wel
oomp. doubly welcome, throueh the eate« of the
rreat City of the Aneel*. whteh. like the city
built by Aladdin, sprang into being almost in a
nlrht:
We welcome yon in pimple, open-hearted
California ntyle. We hove no kevs to Rive you.
for our doors are lookless. standing- wide ajar.
Walk in. we pray you; all we have is yours.
Mayor H. P. Snyder spoke for the
city of. Los Angeles and told the. visit
ing churchmen the city was theirs.
For Southern California Rev. John L.
Pitner; for the laity, Frederick
H.. Ringe, and for Pacific Coast
Methodism Bishop Hamilton bade wel
come to the visitors.
Responses were made by Justice
Charles G. Lohr. on behalf of the laity,
and by Bishop C. C. McCabe for the
ministers. /
whether the Hearst men will attempt
to instruct the delegation to vote for
Hearst, as some of the Hearst leaders
would be satisfied with an expression
thr.t showed a friendly interest in his
candidacy.
Control of the convention Is claimed
bj- both the Parker and Hearst fac
tions.
DES MOINES, Iowa, May 4.— William
R. Hearst swept the field in the Iowa
State Democratic convention held here
to-day. He had a majority of more
than 150 in the convention and Hearst
resolutions were adopted, the Hearst
delegations from the contested counties
were seated, Hearst delegates were se
lected and the convention was in
structed tt> vote as a unit and stands
*y Charles Welsh as member of the
National Committee.
The convention was boisterous, and
the orators, of whom there were many
on both sides, were hissed, some of
them being driven from the stage.
Congressman M. J. Wade, the only
Democratic Congressman from Iowa;
J. W. Sullivan, late candidate for Gov
ernor; M. F. Healy, who came out of
retirement of six years to do it, and
others appealed to their party in vain
against instructing.
The Hearst people would listen to no
compromise, and Wade and Sullivan
do not appear on the delegation. It is
headed by J. M. Parsons of Rock
Rapids, the other delegates at large
being General James B. Weaver of
Coif ax, Judge William' Carr of Man
chester and S. H. Wadsworth of Coun
cil Bluffs.
Cries of "bought," "brass collar,"
"how much did it cost?" met the Hearst
speakers whenever they attempted to
speak and pandemonium reigned in the
convention.
The resolutions adopted were mild.
They include a paragraph touching
the evils of taxation, etc., and lay
greatest stress on the trusts, and point
to William R. Hearst as the champion
of the anti-trust Idea. The trust para
graph is as follows:
"Second —That we recognize in the
predatory trusts the greatest danger
that has ever threatened the life of the
nation and the welfare of the people,
and denounce their scheme of levying
tribute upon all producers and con
sumers as a modern system of
brigandage which, while masquerading
under the cloak of the law, in fact
makes of law a mockery and justice a
farce. In utter disregard of the natural
and constitutional rights of the farmer,
the merchant and the great army of
wage earners, trusts have ruthlessly
seized upon every branch of production
and distribution until every avenue of
human endeavor is compelled to be at
the behests of these conscienceless
criminals and pay tribute or cease to
exist.
"Third—That we denounce the vicious
tariff,system fostered and.perpetuated
by the Republican party under which
the trusts have been, born, bred, fat
tened and multiplied "until they
have every industrial interest by the
throat, and we demand the repeal of
every tariff which denies 'equal oppor
tunities for all. 4?"
BOTH'SIDES CONFIDENT.
Rival Democratic Factions Claim Con
trol of Washington Convention.
SEATTLE, Wash.. May 4.— The
Democratic State Convention will meet
in Olympia to-morrow to elect a dele
gation of ten to attend the Democratic
National Convention In St. Louis. The
only serious fight that will occur in
the convention will be the struggle of
the Hearst men to control the naming
of the delegation to St. Louis and to
indorse Hearst. It Is not yet decided
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1904
NEW YORK, May 4. — At the con
clusion, of the preliminary hearing to
day of John A. Benson, the California
landowner; under indictment on
charges of bribing Federal officials in
Washington , and .fraudulently obtain
ing title to Government: lands in Cali
fornia and Oregon, Benson was held
by Commissioner Shields on a war
rant of removal. ...
: • • -. ••-. . ¦.-.:¦
Sew' York Hearing Against the land
owner Is Concluded.
BEXSOX IS HELD.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISB2IENTS.
BRING YOUR WANT-AD
THURSDAY, FRIDAY OR
SATURDAY.
Classified Advertisers in ; Next
SUNDAY CALL RECEIVE
FREE — FREEt-FREJE
THE SIX-IN-ONE ICE PICK.
Cracks Ice on Scientific
Principles. '
IT SETTLES • AN ANNOYING
HOUSEHOLD PROBLEM.
,\ See . Ad •<¦ on - Classified > Pagcl
I THIS IS THE NEW "RECIPROCITY" CIGAR i
I 2 for 25 cents
IMPORTED HAVANA
A Direct Result of the Passage of the Cuban
Reciprocity Bill 1
I ASK YOUR DEALER TO SHOW THEM TO YOLI 1
I Now for sale In all First-Class Ctaar Stores,
"Bock's Reciprocity"
ra - «"^^. mm E^. — — : t ' ' ' . 11
El &2*![i w H m 1 ¦ Jr M^Em ¦¦ TT«f^ f I
19 -'¦' jf_- I I II f a B B ¦ I I I !
¦ . , ' ¦• ; V^S^; . • • .V*V^iil^J . Il
H Made by Gustavo Bock, In the Agnlla dc Oro Factory, Havana I
Transforming three meals
into a full day's work is
a pretty intricate and
trying process.
The point about *t FORCE"
is that it meets Diges-
. tion more than half way
and the two -work hand
in hand to accomplish it.
Eerier malt, vbea combined with wkeat, t»r-
* tudir djwu it.
It thus sa.Tet your poor stomach a lot of bard
work.
~FOBCE" is Whole Wbeat malted, flaked.
aod cooked tnto a deUdoss Bnfti and Srawa *
teed.
fit \1STRIKE BREAKERS KIDNAPED.
STANFORD. UNIVERSITY, May 4.
At the last university assembly of the
year, held this morning, John Mc-
Naught. manager of The Call, spoke
on "The Advancement of Journalism
Through the Universities of the Unit
ed States and the Establishment of
Schools of Journalism Within Them."
Mr. McNaught's talk was particularly
addressed to Stanford men, so many
of whom adopt. journalism as a pro
fession. He said in part:
Many university professors and many educa
tors believe practical Journalism cannot be
taught in the universities. In discussing this
there are three points to be considered: First,
Is there a system, theoretics!, in It? Second,
If so. can it be taught? Third, Is it Important
enough to form a school and devote the valu
able time of professors to it? All these ques
tions can be answered In the affirmative. .
The newspaper treats all matters, scientific
or common. In a way to show the effect it has
on the public. The temptation Is to appeal to
the lower Interests, because, by doing so. finan
cial success Is assured. The place of the uni
versity i«Tto educate men to set a higher stand
ard, to raise Journalism above the mere clamor
of the crowd. The newspaper Is no longer
merely a news gatherer. I but it Is an organ to
select and edit news so that It is brought home
to the public. It !s the duty of our universi
ties to eer;d out a class of men who are. able
and who will raise the standard of journalism
and with It the level ¦ of the mass of people
who read.
ing Address Before the Students
of Stanford University.
John McXaught Delivers an Interest-
ADVOCATES ESTABLISHMENT
OF SCHOOLS OF JOURNALISM
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 4.— A strike
which is expected to extend to an in
ternational movement against the
American Bridge Company was ordered
to-day by the local union of structural
Iron workers and iron bridge men.
IKOX-WORKERS STRIKE.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 4.—
Customs inspectors visited Stanford
University yesterday morning: and re
paired to the Leland Stanford Jr. Mu
seum, where they. found the great cases
with their precious relics and curios
and statues which had been collected
by Mrs. Jane L. Stanford in India and
Egypt to be placed in the museum for
all time.
Piece by piece the valuable collection
was carefully lifted out and examined
and placed so as to allow of no trouble
when the time comes for the distribu
tion.
Each article had been classified and
numbered under Mrs. Stanford's per
sonal supervision, both in Egypt and
India, before being packed for trans
portation for America.
Mrs. Stanford was much surprised to
find that the collection made by her
in India and shipped to the university
six months ago had only- just arrived.
The packing and classifying was no
easy task, though Mrs. Stanford took
the greatest pleasure in the work. Next
Wednesday has been set by her as the
date when she will herself direct the
final placing of the rare specimens and
statuary in their proper place and then
will follow the cataloguing, which will
take no little thought and time.
Speaking of the collection and her
trip to various countries, Mrs. Stanford
said:
OLD 31YSTIC HISTORY.
I returned a little earlier than I had antici
pated, owing to certain matters which I felt
required my attention here. Indeed, I was
glad to see California, and it seemed to me it
never before looked so beautiful.
Th« contrast with . the lands I have visitea
Is remarkable. Egypt, for instance. What a
wonderful atmosphere one enjoys there. It is
etrange aad mystic, but I like Its old, mystic
history.
There one feels as living in the great past
ages and knowing more what the Egyptians
¦were. Their very lives are told in their tem
ples, ar.d the antiquity of the race Is duly
appreciated.
All I have brought from Egypt for the mu
secm was discovered within two weeks of my
departure. The digger, a Shiek. brought them
to me. and the Government affixed Its stamp
uj>on each piece, and were, It not that the
specimens were intendi-d for the University
Museum they would not have allowed me to
take them from the country.
One cf the' moet remarkable specimens will
be found in a flint statue representing
Cheops, the builder of pyramids. It Is a per
fect statue. The veins of the hands and the
muscles stand out and altogether it • is a
*trong and striking piece of workmanship.
The figure Is seated. The eiatue dates back
TOOO years before the birth of Christ. How in
terested the studepui will be in this speci
men!
Jewels, too. and gold necklaces and brac«
lets and rings were discovered by the tomb,
a.'l of which we have safely here.
My impressions of Australia were varied.
The Sydney harbor is remarkable for Its
twautiful scenery, and Melbourne I consider
more lilt* a European, city than either Sydney
or Adelaide.
MEETS WAR VESSELS.
The voyage to India was intensely Interest
ing, as was the Journey tnrough middle India.
Going through the Suez Canal we passed four
Russian warships. At Aden we saw seven
warships, representing America. Germany and
Russia. That was a sight to behold.
on going Into Nagasaki our vessel, the Prince
Henry, was taken in tow by a Japanese vessel
for safe conduct, owing to 'the mines which
infested the waters.
At Yokohama the scene was not such as one
might imagine at a time when a nation's sons
are engaged in terrible warfare.
And this only because the Japanese are self
pofeseseed people and consider emotion a weak
ness.
The street* were deserted, no business was
being transacted and all were ready to close
their ftores and go out to fight for their Em
peror and their country.
They are a wonderful people. I saw a great
demonstration. It was one not to be easily
forgotten. A regiment was going to sail away
and paraded pasted the Grand Hotel, escorted
by the Emperor's Guard. The rain was pour-
Ing in torrents, but the crowds gathered and
the Chinese rerv&nts of the hotel rushed out,
waving their handkerchiefs and cheering. But
there wrre no tears shed by relative or friend.
When the Japanese go to war their kinsmen
do not weeo. for it • Is a duty the soldier is
jwrrorming. Even the wife refrains from weep
ing and Kill say t-j her soldier-husband: "Go
and lay down your life for your country."
But while this.ftolld scene was being en
act e1 by the onlookers the soldiers continued to
paraoV. anl a« more and more of them came
rn. dr^n<~hed by the great downpour, imagine
my delight to we them carrying an American
flag, the ctars and stripes, with their oxvn flag.
Women are voluntarily denying themselves
all luxuries that they may contribute to the
war fund. They even deny themselves the
customary habit of having their hair dressed,
an«J the money that would go for that they
p!a<v; at the difropal of their 'country- Yet
tries* eamr people are unemotional, but they
arc patriotic. There Is something deep down
In th-?Ir hearts that they will not reveal to
th" world. They are a wonderful people.
I mad" a particular study of the Japanese
University, ani was accorded the privilege of
going through it.
Whfn . I saw r.hat the student body was
accomplishing on plain benches I could ¦ but
make the m»ntal comparison of th« methods
in our own land.
There are tw*nty-»even of our graduate
Stanford etudtnts- occupying positions as pro
fesjiors in the Royal University. Toklo.
Dr. Jordan inform* me that at the present
time there sre thirty Japanese students in
Stanford University. I hear that they have
hired a h<rjse and have formed a club them
eelves.
• Through an announcement of my arrival in
one of the Yokohama papers the president or
thi»' Royal University, accompanied by one of
th« r*er»«es of the Empress School for peer
ett-.rr. journeyed to tender me an invitation to
a lecestion whirh they had planned to rive
m». Owln* to the fatigue which the Journey
at that time would have entailed I regretted
that I to forego the pleasure such a visit
¦would have afforded me.
Speaking of some of her future plans,
Mrs. Stanford said:
My trip has been most beneficial to me. It
was a rest, and in about two more month*,
possibly ten weeks' time,, I intend to leave
for England and hope to spend August In
Norway and Sweden. I have also planned a
visit to Russia. Further than that. I have
not thought of excepting a contemplated trip
to Algiers In the winter.
My companions will be my niece. Miss Jen
nie Stanford Lathrop. and Miss Berner, my
eecretary.
BODY OF MISSING 3IAN*
FOUND IN THE COLUMBIA
PORTLAND. Or.. May 4. — After a
carousal on a whisky. scow near War
rendale Frank Wilbur, who is said to
be a relative of Senator Levi Ankeny
of Walla Walla, disappeared. His
lifeless body was found this morning
In the shallow waters of the Colum
bia. On his head were several wounds
and on a pile driver - near by were
found his blood-stained hat and a po
ker., John Brack, a companion, is un
der surveillance.
Wilbur crossed the river last night
with Brack. They entered a whisky
scow, one of the unlicensed salopns of
the Columbia, and Wilbur became in
toxicated. He left with Brack late at
night. This morning after -the body
was discovered the boat In which the
two men. crossed was found. near_the
pile ' driver. -
NEW YORK, May 4.— All the large
shipyards in the metropolitan district,
except . that of the Boston- Drydock
Company in Brooklyn and the yard of
Letjen &. Martin In Hoboken. are tied
up to-day as a result of the strike « '.
the boiler-makers. Five thousand men
are involved and workmen of other
trades may be affected.
SHIPYARDS ARE TIED UP.
While seated on a porch at his home
he was seized with convulsions and
before medical aid arrived he was
dead. A story gained currency that
Richards had taken poison, but an
autopsy failed to establish the conten
tion, although it cannot be definitely
determined until the stomach is sent
to San Francisco for analysis.
Sheriff Walker, who has been work
ing on the case, notified Richards
Tuesday to call at the Sheriff's office
this morning to discuss the case and
the sudden death of Richards - has
caused the report that Richards deter
mined to put himself out of misery.
NEVADA CITY, May 5.—Consider
able excitement prevailed here this
morning over the announcement of the
sudden death of Henry Richards, re
lated to the late William Brown, who
was some three weeks ago murdered in
his own home. Some suspicion was at
tached to Richards, although he had
presented an alibi at the Coroner's in
quest. Ever since the crime was com
mitted Richards has been 111, but had
recovered and was about town Tues
day.
SUSPECTED MAN
DIES SUDDENLY
MAY DECLARE
OFFICE VACANT
GENEROUS GIVER OF UNIQUE AND MOST REMARKABLE SPECIMENS OF
CENTURIES OLD CURIOS BROUGHT TO THIS LAND FROM FAR OFF ORI
ENTAL COUNTRIES FOR LELAND STANFORD JR. UNIVERSITY.
Is San Francisco to be graced with
a ulba? It looked last night aa
tliou^h Jt ir.isht — though not under
that renascent n&zse. "Sequoia," which
stands for strength and stability,
# is the baptismal name of the new
•£ub— for such it is to-day, with a
preriient and secretary and all the
•other trimmings of a well-ordered or
ganization.
\Out there at the Hittell home— the
Jiom* of the historian, the home of
"tRe artist, likewise the temporary
. home of men and women who do
.things and think thinjrs — there met a
' i>ody of San Franciscans the type of
: whicii perhaps has never before been
gathered under one roof — artists,
V-ritors. musicians, historians, scien
tists.'professional men fraternized with
svora^n of wit, of achievement and
vromon of the smart set — that part
".of th**m, however, that knows how to
. tSir.k— and does. Among the latter
' M*er<»' Miss Ednah Robinson, the
f«»ufider; Mrs. Mark Gerstle, Miss
3£ls:e Sperry. Miss Frances Jolliffe. Mrs.
Krauthoff, Miss Jessica Peixotto. Mrs.
<3aston Ashe, Mrs. Elise Wenrelburger
Craupner— there shall I pause, lest I
quote the whole list.
Beneath a rooftnee of culture and
hospitality the new club was fittingly
•..craciied. Franklin K. Lane it was
.¦who told everybody why he was there
• — for. the rrimal purpose of bringing
together "the people (that means men
and Tvom^n now — it used to mean only
the men) who draw and sing and
•write and do things worth while, to
fraternize and "club together" — with
out being brutally conscious of the
' presence of other people's husbands or
•wives. That was Madame de Stael's
idea — and it has be«m pretty Miss Kob
_inson's. Xow, if those fostered friend- j
ships will only stay piatonic, and the
men — the dear men who were there
last night will only continue to at
tend, and the bon mots will always be
as clevrr as were those of Mr. Lane
and. Mr. Aiken and Mr. Simpson last
night, why, this San Francisco salon
will show the Parisians how!
Amid many modest blushes Charles
-F-. Aiken was induced to serve as
"chairman. Mrs. Gerberding was chosen
to act "as secretary.
.A committee on organization was '
appointed by ihe chair. In due time :
it Brought in a report upon the matter !
at. haad. recommending the following j
lor permanent officers. The report was |
' adopted:
President, Charles S. Aiken: vice
. president. Miss Jessica Peixotto; sec
•r('lary, Mrs. Elizabeth Gerberding,
treasurer. Courtenay W. Bennett <Drit
jSh Consul General); other directors —
-X:r. B. F. Xorris, Franklin K. Lane,
-Miss Edn«h Robinson, "William Greer
'"Hasrisoa.
.Th'se are they that signed the rolls
•at the first "function":
" Kdnali Robinson. Ina Coclbrith. Margaret
.<"> '~£:iaFhiin. Anr.ip O'f.'atlairhan. Alice Klein.
KIizsfw>th fSiHiif GrtiTKia. sfperry. Margaret
ysrrison, Ethel <5. Harrison. Orlcf TV. Orlow,
R0benrO)UM-. Mrs. Hor->rt 'oilier, Mrs. Philip
Bytoer Ho**, Gustave K. BouasT, Mrs. Oaston
A«h«-, Sucinr r Hardy. Frances Jollifffe, Jeesiea
• 9. Pr:x"tto ?%lre. A. M. Hums. Mi>. l»uis H.
LJjfUf, Cbarle* E. Ricdlirper. John M. Gamble.
•M;e IJpk'-IIvti Jon«-«. Grac*> I<l<>weilyt) Jones
I «". A.*Moo(jy, Mrs. Mark G*TFtle. Mark G*r»tle.' .
Bliss Liiurs Van M'yrk. r>r. Crltteodea Van
* U'yck, G. G. NorriF. Mrs ErtiPFt S. Simpson.
JCnreet Simpson. Agnes Olaypole Moody. Dr.
Rr>!i«-ri Orto.n Mcxviy, Mrs. E. Carlson Rirlev,
EJwtU S<-h<-!I. Mis* HiHyer. Mr. BCIyer. Mr.
f.n«1 Mr*. Hmry Sr. Ooar. Mrs. John K. Hoafrg
J. M. Urifht.. Klizaleth Bender. IJowdcn YYil
-lianj^on. Ellv* VWuzeU-urirer Gratipner, Adol
rjris K. Graupner. pYsnklln K. I^ane, W. II.
..O-^ur*" «~Iiarl*« A. Vogelsang, Captain John
m s»r>. V. S. A.; Anna Frances Bricps, Victor
"•>Hri*r < T.srlr-* Turner. Dr. and Mrs. Samuel
F. Tl&Urr. !>2r. ar.d Mr*. Altrfrt C. Attken.
•-?..*¦. bn<i Mrv Clarmre J^ullte. Clarence I* nay.
n»b«»rt C. Porter, Mrs. J. J. L^Sand. Edgar D. '
I'rixotto. H. K. Promett. JajncK <'. powers.
Fiank li. Powers. Klizahoth G*rber<lln(?, Laura
Ji-;d(> 1>n*fr?. John «:. .V»con. Nelly < \ \ason,
,Ka:'herine Hittell. Charles Lummis, Mary Bell,
'Ha zvA Mrs. Frederick Palmer.
.* Now, how is that for the initial
roundup? Doesn't that look' promising
' for a future career? And there are yet
-a hundred more who- will become Se-
Quoiai>ere the week slips into the next!
Fan J^rariCiPcans are not so slow.
By SalJj Sharp.
Third Vice-President Buckalew of the
Machinists' Association says that the
trouble has just begun, and that not
another union man would return to
work. He further says many will go
out in sympathy.
In Topeka the shops seem to be run
ning up to their old capacity to-day,
but in the machine shops the force is
undoubtedly smaller. Neither the rail
road company nor the strikers are ask
ing for concessions and no reports of
violence are made.
The machinists' strike on the Santa Fe has
been pretty thoroughly exploited by the papers
and there is not much remaining to be said.
The company will have no difficulty in Oiling;
the placet) of the men who quit work. We have
no quarrel with unionism among our men.
We deal with unionism In the case of conduct
ors, engineers, flremen and trainmen, but these
unions have never made the outrageous de
mands to which we were asked to submit by
the machinists and which would have trans
ferred to the Machinists' Union the manage
ment of our shops. Of the men who left our
employ probably at least one-half did not want
to strike and were not in sympathy with the
demand made on us by the union, but felt obliged
to go out with the others. For this class I am
very sorry and realize the difficult position
in which they are placed. It may aa well be
understood, however, that no semi-public cor
poration owing duties to the public, such as
railroads, the street cars, the telegraph, tele
phone, etc.. can for one instant accept the
principles* of tlie "closed shop" or surrender Its
power to maintain order by discipline. There
never was order among large bodies of men
without discipline and there never will be.
TOPEKA. May 4.— Santa Fe officials
announced this morning a resumption
of shop work all along the line from
TopeJta to the Pacific Coast. They said
that In most cases the shops were run
ning with a full complement of men.
In many places union machinists have
gone out, but their" positions will all be
filled by the close of the week, say the
officials.
LOS ANGELES. May 4. — The Ex
press to-day publishes the following
statement from President E. P. Ripley
of the Santa Fe system on the subject
of the present strike of the machin
ists on the Santa Fe lines:
SAXTA FE'S PRESIDENT
' DISCUSSES THE STRIKE
When contractors appealed to ma
terial men to rush their orders they
were told that no material would be
furnished until a settlement of some
kind had been reached with the unions.
As none of the contractors have more
than a meager supply or material on
hand, construction on buildings, side
walks and other works of that'char
acter will be at a standstill unless the
controversy is speedily settled.
CHICAGO, May 4.— Fifty thousand
workmen employed in the building
trades in : this city will be thrown out
of employment within forty-eight hours
according to the statement of the as
sociation of manufacturers and deal
ers in building materials unless a
speedy settlement is reached between
the stone, lime and cement workers
and their employers. Nearly 1000 team
sters, hauling building and street work
material, were locked out to-day be
cause the union had called a strike in
two cases and work on a number of
buildings was stopped because the sup
ply of building material had been ex
hausted.
OSSINING, N. T., May 4.— Sam
Parks, the New York labor leader, who
was sent "to Sins Sing prison after hl3
conviction , on a charge of extortion,
died in; the prison to-day. He had
consumption at the time of his convic
tion and had failed rapidly since -he
was sent to Sing Sing. '
Parks after his first conviction was
brought to the prison on August 27
last. On securing, a new trial he was
released on ball on September 5. After
his second conviction he was brought
back to the prison on November 6 to
serve a term of two years and three
months. He was at first put to work
in the fiber brush shop, but his condi
tion became such that he was admitted
to the hospital and was under treat
ment there to the time of his death.
Parks was prominent for years in
labor circles, being a leader in Chicago
before cominjr to New York, and the
loyalty to him of his associates was re
markable. He was walking delegate,
or business agent, of the local House
smiths' and Bridgemen's Union for
several years and it was under his
leadership that the big strike of Iron
workers in New York last year was in
augurated. That strike involved the
national iron workers' organization
and * National President Buchanan
finally announced himself as against
Parks and the general strike through
out this country which the New York
leader sought to have ordered. The
contest was carried, to the annual con
vention of the organization, where
Parks won to the extent that he pre
vented the recognition of a rival union,
which had been approved by both
President Buchanan and the New York
contractors. During last summer
charges of extortion were made against
Parks and he was finally Indicted, It
being alleged that he had taken $500
from an employer on a promise to call
off a strike. Other similar charges
were made, but both times he was
tried on the same case.
After returning to New York from
Sing Sing, the first verdict having been
overturned by a higher court, Parks
was one of the central figures In the
Labor day parade last September.
When convicted the second time and
sentenced to Sing Sing he announced
that he had given up the fight for him
self and for labor and -wanted to die In
peace.
Pleasant Railery Takes
Place as to Whether the
Two Sexes Are Clubable
Factories Withhold Build
ing .Material Until Settle
ment of Some Kind Is Made
Brings Trinkets From
Egypt and India
Ages Old.
Prisoner, for Many Years a
Power in Union Circles,
Was Convicted of Extortion
MEET AT H1TTELL HOME
CONTBACTOBS SUFFER
VICTIM OF OLD MALADY
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford
Secures Ancient
Statuary.
Men and Women Who Fig
ure Prominently in Society,
Art and Letters Join Body
Industrial Dispute in Chi
cago May Affect Fifty-
Thousand Union Workmen
Notorious Labor Leader of
New York Dies While Sen
ing "Time at Sing Sing
SEQUOIA CLUB
IS ORGANIZED
REMARKABLE AND VALUABLE RELICS
ARRIVE AT STANFORD UNIVERSITY
DEATH CALLS
SAMUEL PARKS
STRIKES LEAD
TO LOCKOUTS
rHE SAN FRANCISCO /CALL, THURSDAY, MAY "5, 11)04.
OTTAWA. Ont.,' May 4. — W. . F.-McCreary,
member of Parliament from Selkirk, ex-Mayor
Of Winnipeg and ex-CommiBsloner ; of Immigra
tion, was found dead ma hotel here to-day.
Great auction sale of summer, home lot* at
Santa Cruz Saturday, May 7. Special excursion
trains leave San Francisco. Third and Town
sends sts.. 7:30 a. m. ; Oakland. Fourteenth and
Webster ets.. 7:45 a. m.; Alameda, .Park at..
6:20 a. m. Special round trip tickets $3. Tick
ets good returning on May 7 and 8. Ask South
ern Pacific agents. . . . •
Special Excursion to Santa Cruz.
A riot call was sent in, but when
the police arrived the crowd had dis
appeared. Only two • of the §t. Louis
men had succeeded in "reaching the
Schulze ' plant , and the twenty-seven
others had been spirited away.
CHICAGO, May 4. — Twenty-seven
bakers, imported from St. Louis to fill
the places of strikers, are alleged to
have been kidnaped by members of
the Chicago Bakers' Union. . The men
arrived in Chicago and started in a
body for the plant of the Schulze Bak
ing Company, where they had been
promised employment. When within
half a block of the shop they were
suddenly surrounded by several hun
dred union baker sympathizers.' The
strikers warned the newcomers not to
accept work at the bakeshop. Some
of the non-union men • insisted, how
ever, and a fight followed.
Bakers Imported to Chicago Do - Not
Reach Destination.
BUTTE, Mont., May 4.— At the in
stance of the Board of Commissioners
of Yellowstone County, Attorney Gen
eral James Donovan has instituted in
the Supreme Court quo warranto pro
ceedings to oust Thomas A. Williams
from the office of Clerk of the District
Court of Yellowstone County. 'The
complaint was filed to-day and the
matter will be presented to the court
to-morrow.
The Williams case is, one of the most
mysterious that has 'developed in, Mon
tana for years. Clerk Williams left
Billings late in February, going for a
trip to the coast as, far south as Cali
fornia. He spent a couple of days at
Helena with friends and then went to
Seattle. When he left Billings it was
known that he was to make some col
lections in one of the cities visited,
where he had private interests. He
wrote before going to San Francisco
that he had made a collection of $2000.
Williams journeyed on to San Fran
cisco, from which city he wrote to hfr
deputy at Billings, E. W. Dunn. In
that letter he said he was to start for
home the next day, returning by way
of Denver. That was the last word ever
heard from the missing man. He dis
appeared in San Francisco as com
pletely as if he had been shanghaied
and taken aboard a whaler. His friends
have almost become convinced that he
has met with foul play.
After a few weeks had passed with
out word from the missing man State
Examiner William Hudnall was asked
to go to Billings and examine the of
fice accounts of the clerk. This was
done and they were found straight, as
a string. To this day nothing has
been heardlof or from Williams and
the limit for the absence of an official
without permission of the County Com
missioners having expired application
was made to the Attorney General. to
bring the proceedings to declare the
office vacant.
UNION BUSINESS AGENT
: RECEIVES A BEATING
Fresno Painter Knocks Him Out for
Questioning His Right to Work
on a" New Building:.
FRESNO,. May, 14.— Business Agent
McDonald of the local Building Trades
Council heard this afternoon that Ful
ton G. Berry was employing a,non
union painter, Charles Skeed, to do the
calcimining on his new houses, being
erected in. Arlington Heights Addition.
McDonald went to. the place and, meet
ing Skeed, asked him who he was work
ing for and told him that he had better
quit, as the job 'would be declared un
fair. Skeed replied rather uncivilly and
told the agent to get off the premises.
McDonald delayed a little too long and
the ' painter started to 'use forceful
means to get him off. ._ A quarrel ensued
in which Skeed struck McDonald a
blow on the right ear that put him
down and out. - McDonald soon recov
ered and started to ; run away. Skeed
drew his putty knife and, pursuing
him, threatened to kill him if ever, he
interfered again on a job where he was
working. %
NON*- UXION STABLEMEN
j ,'V ATTACKED AND BEATEX
Surprised , by. Crowd of Strikers as
They Lieave Restaurant at Polk
Street and Fern 'Avenue.
y Four. non-union stablemen employed
by McDonald Brothers, proprietors of
the, Lurlln'e stables, 13B9 f Bush street,
were attacked and badly beaten '• last
night by a crowd of fifteen union men
who are locked out on account of the
strike.
: The no-union men were attacked by
the crowd as they left a restaurant at
Fern avenue and Bush 1 street. ; They
were taken by : surprise and overpow
ered by their opponents. Their asail
ants fled after the attack. - It is said
that two of them • are known and' may
be 'arrested.' : .
5
ADVEET1SEHENTS.
PP*<\ YQ
Whoever wants soft
'hands, smooth hands, white
•"hands, or a clear complex-
ion, he and she can have
• both : that is, if the skin is
naturally transparent; un-
"le^s occupation prevents.
« The color you want to
"'avjoid comes probably nei-
ther of nature or work, but
of -habit.
Use Pears' Soap, no
'matter how much; but a
•.little is enough if you use
• it £>ften.
¦ # Established over xoo years.
. "BAJA CALIFORNIA^
Damiana Bitters
'fw A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
¦ tor jtr<i Jv>rvine.
The mntst wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic ior the £exu&I Organs, lor both cexe«.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of * the
Ki<Jn*y« **><! Bladder. Sells on tt« own merits.
NABER. AI/FS & BRUNE, Asenta.
TTi Market ft.. S. F.— (Send for Circular*.) .
Weekly Call, $1 per. Year
BORAXOX)GY
, Happiness is largely a home-made affair.
When you lighten labor in housework
you lighten the heart A -box of BORAX
represents just so much nerve force and
energy saved* Not to mention an added
degree of deanliness that you couldn't get
with soap and^ water alone* Yoi^l! be
astonished to see how much easier and
quicker you can wash things by adding
a little Borax to the water. Be sure
you get pure BORAX. Ask for
20-MULE-TE AM BRAND. At
drug and grocery stores. x A r V2 and 1-
lb. packages.
Thefamocs "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES FREE to r^rcWn ol
"20-MuIe-Team Borax." At stores or sent for BOX TOP and 4c to stamps.
Pacific Coast ' Borax Co* New York, Chicago, San Frandsco. . .
WS^^t: Tweaty Mala Teaia-Our Trad© Mark.
ADVEHTISEMEUT3.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JipARTERS
SBGK HEADACHE
PositlVely cured try these
Little Pills.' .
They also wHere Distress from Dyspepsli,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Dnnrtl-
nsss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tocgne
Paia in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Pcrely Vegetable^
•mall phi. email Dose.
J Small Price.
¦^r/Tjs. Steamers leave Broadway
/gKJSs-K^ wharves, pltrs 9 aad U.
/•J*?^ E* n Francisco.
A»/W»^te V*\ For Ketchikan. "vTra-igs!.
I I \lL»i«^ 1 1 Juneau. Ilalnes. SUgwiy.
'I V \ Hhk«^ / I 't^-. Alaska,— II a. m.. May
W\ \\ Vrf/ 3. 10 . 1*. 2°> 25 - S< *- Jua# *-
vjSsJJvxJ/ Change to Company's (team-
* r » * l Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Bel-
llngham — 11 a. rn.. May S. 10. 13. 20, 23. 30.
June 4. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and C. N. Ry.: at ScattU
or Tacoma to N. K Ry.: at Vancouvtr to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (HumboMt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. May 4 t 10, 16, 22. 23; Spokans. 1:30
p. m.. May 1. 7. 13, 19; Corona. May 25; 3L
For Los Angeles (via Port Los> Angels* and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Baxter* —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. !> a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Sari Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (S%n
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Huenerae.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. May 7. 13. 2C. 31. Jua» S.
Santa Cruz. 9 a. m. (freight only). May 3. 11.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jo«e •!»!
Csbo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax, Sarlta, Ro-
nalla. Ouaymas iM»i >. 10 a. m., 7th of eaci
month. For further information obtain (old«r.
' Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
f dates.
TICKET OrriCES— 4 New .Montgom-
ery st. (Palace'Hotel).lO Market st. and Broad.
way wharves, rrelgrht Oflcs 10 Market st.
C. D. DUXASS, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Tbe Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutler st.. win
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
• AMERICAN LINE.
Plymouth — Cherbonrar — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 9:30 a. m.
Et. Paul May li|St. Louis .May 24
i Philadelphia ...May 21) Germanic June *
ATLANTIC TRAHSPOBT U3TE.
I New York — London. Street.
I Mlnnehaha May 14. 4 p. m
! Minneapolis May 21. 10:30 a. m.
Mesaba May 23. 9 a. m.
Mlnnetonka June 4, 10 a. m.
Only first-clas9 passengers carried.
DOMINION XSXTB.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Southward May 141 Labrador May 2.4
Canada... May 2lj Kensington ...June 4
HOLLAHD-AMERICA LINE.
Xew Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.300 Tons.
Vvw York — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
j Potsdam May It> Ityndnm May 21
' Rotterdam, May 17! Nor dam . r May Ul
I EED STAS LI2TI:.
, 2Tew York — Antwerp — Paris.
I From New Work. Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
i Kroonland May 14 Finland May 28
j Zeeland ...May 21IVaderland June 4
WHITE STAB XiJJIE.
New York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Teutonic. May 11,10 am.t Majestic. May 25,10 am
Celtic. .May 13. 4 p.m.l Arabic. .May 27, 4 p.m.
Cedric.May 18. 7 a.m.', Oceanic. June I. S a.m.
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric May 19, June 16, July- 14
. Cretic June 2. June SO. July 2*
j Republic (new): June 9. July 7. Aug.' 11
BOSTON MEDITEEEAJIEAIT SlUftVlCIt.
i Axores, Gibraltar. Naples, Oenoa.
ROMANIC May 14, June 18. July 3rt
CANOPIC May 2S. July 2. Aug. 27
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post st.', San Francisco.
Azores. Gibraltar. Naples. Oenoa.
"ROMANIC" May 14. June IS." July 30
••CANOPIC".-. May 28. July 2. Aug. 27
These steamers are the largest In the
Mediterranean service. First claaa. $SO up-
ward. Send for rates and illustrated booklet.
boston to Liverpool Q u.£ bm
"CYMRIC" May 19, June 16, July 14
••CRF.TIC" June 2. June 30. July 2S
"REPUBLIC" Jun« 9. July 7. Aug. 1 1
First class, $60 and $GS upwards, accord-
ing to steamer.
For plans, etc.. apply to
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific
Coast, 21 Post St., San Francisco.
Jiamburg-Jkmerican.
Seml-WeeUy Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURG.
THE GREAT OCEAN PL YES.
S. S. Deutschland
CS6tj ft. long — 23 'i knots average speed.
Sails May 12. June 9. July 7. Aug 4.
VMoltke May 5, Patricia May 21
Bulgaria May 7|Palatia May 25
•Deutchland....May 12t«Bluecher May. 21
Pennsylvania ..May UPelgravIa May 23
•Has grill room and tgynmastum on hoard.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Office* 3ft and 37 Broa-lway. New York.
HERZOO & CO., 4OI CALIFORNIA ST.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First kdA
Brannan street*, st 1 p. "»., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONO. calling at Kobe (Hloga).
Nagasaki and Shanghai. . and connecting at
Hongkong with steamera for India, etc. N»
cargo received on board on day of. sailing.
5 8. AMERICA MARU
' ¦;..'... Thursday. May 12. 190*
Via Honolulu.- Round^trlp tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com.
cany's office. .421 Market street., corner Flr*t.
*_ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
O. R. & N. CO.
OREGON tails April 27." Mat 7. IT, 27, Jnn<*
6 16 and 20. GEO. W. ELDER sails May 2,
12. 22, June 1. 11 and. 21. Only steamship I!a«
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all pointj East. Through ticket*
to all points. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
11a.m. S. F. BOOTH. • Gen. Agt. Paaa.
Dept., 1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery it.
oceanicS.s.co. s^Js
S S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auek>
land and Sydney. Thurs.. May 8. 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. May 1*. 11 am,
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. May 29. 11 a. ox
J.D.SFBECKELS k BKOS. C0.,A2t3.,TiCfcet QiC3 643 in-
tei st, Fisizit omes 329 Mar&t St., Pier 7. Paciflg &
tOMPAONIB OENERALE TRAN3ATLANTIiJUi
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Satllns every Thursday instead of ««{Kti
Saturday, at 10 a, m., from Pier 42. •^BSBBJs^
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Seo
end class to Havre. $« and upward. OEM-
ERALAGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 22 Broadway (Hudson bulldls*).
New Ycrkl J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclfle Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue.. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. -
- Marelsjand and Vanejo Steamers.__
Steamer, GEN.'FRISBIE or M0NT1CELLO—
»-45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except SumUy.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave* Valleja
7 a m., 12:30 and 6 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 7 a.- m,.- 4 : 15 - p. * to. Fare „ SO ;c«bm.
Tel. Main 1503. Pier 2. Ml33loa-«. *sc*.
BATCH BROS. v*-' I •:'-_' J -Police Officer Seriously 111.
AUBURN, May : 4.— Alexander Tay
lor was caught in a cogwheel at the
mill of the Baltimore mine, near; For
est Hill, Tuesday morning and killed.
The deceased had mined on the Forest
Hill divide for many. years,- -
Miner, Is Accidentally Killed.
OAKLAND, May 4. — The Pacific
Incinerating company has lodged a
request with the City Attorney that
injunction proceedings be taken to
'prevent scavengers from • depositing
. thetr garbage collections within the
city limits. A conference of city of
ficials will be held soon to handle sev
eral subjects In controversy that have
* arisen* since the company commenced
operations.
Ask to Enjoin Scavengers.
Not "Who will buy my rows?" but "Who
will:«end u^rpaesrv to the cry at Arbor Vila!
It takes millions of,- rose petals- to bombard
successfully a floral enjrasement and tho«e la
charge of the /~battl« of. flowers" , t the iiiv
fete are begging for ammunition
Those -having -flowers to contribute are re
quested to send them to Arbor VHU FridTv
afternoon or Saturday morning ™ u '
•"' • - •
Mrs Henry-RcwnTcid haV sent out carrij
for a luncheon and card party at the Hotel At
Francis in San Fiacclspo for May l" llu,
Downing Is the mctif. and as Mrs RosenfeM
never <locs anythlr.it by halves, the luckv on«l
are anticipating a delitbtrul Urn" X "*
several days, ; played "mine- hcst" it Tt Ltd.
erty^TTteater ia-nisht. -The two crews ma£
up a party of twenty-four and. scattered about
Jn the audience, several hundred varsltv hov.
made thin:» lively. , : , 4 *™. J
OAKLAND, May 4. — C. H. Douglas
of 71.3 Eleventh street reported to. the
police this morning that E. S. Halsey,
v:ith whom he had bought a lottery
ticket in partnership, had cashed the
ticket and skipped with the winnings,
amoutning to $3750. The police said
they could give Douglas no helr>.
Gets Away With Winnings.
SANTA CRUZ, May 4. — Maud
Thane, who is accused of swindling
bicycle dealers, will be turned over to
the probation officers. She claims she
is an -orphan and says she does not
care -what becomeB of her.
Does Xot Fear Imprisonment.
CHICAGO. Mar *.— President Ban Johnson
of the American League is 111 with aoDendlcl
tls. His condition is not alarming.- vlTCUU "- 1
OAKLAND, May 4.— The Common
Good Alliance of Oakland, an organ
ization of delegates from various
churches of this city, has elected the
following officers: President, J. C
Hill;' vice presidents, Dr. T. Dl
Holmes, Professor H. C. Ingram and
L C. Ayres; secretary, M. Bee; treas
urer, C. M. Gardner.
The object of the alliance is to work
for -the general improvement and bet
terment o£ the city.
Alliance Elects Officers.
Makes a Study of Bulb Growing.
SANTA CRUZ, May 4.— George W.
Oliver of the Department .of Agricul
ture is here making a study of bulb
growing. He says the daffodil bulbs
grown in Santa Cruz are finer than
those: grown in any other section of
the country. He thinks the soil and
climate" of the' Pacific Coast are well
suited to the growing' of all kinds of
bulbs. '¦.-.-¦¦: ¦'.'¦
BERKELEY. May 4. — The Board of
Education discussed last night a prop
osition to withdraw the privilege ex
tended to the University of California
of permitting its students to practice
as teachers in the-Lincoln School. -A
number of parents protested against-;
their children being practiced upon by
students on the ground that the fre
quent changes' confuse them.. No ac
tion was taken, however, and the mat
ter will come up again at the next
meeting.
Mny Withdraw Practice School.
BERKELEY, May 4. — The mail car
riers of the Berkeley postofflce, as
members of University Branch No.
863, National Association of. Letter
Carriers, have elected the following
new officers: President, Fred Boynton;
vice president, Dewey Collignon; sec
retary, Robert Welch; treasurer, Au
gust Vollmer; sergeant at arms, Henry
Wilson; trustees, Frank Begley and
Benjamin; collector for benefit • asso
ciation, Frank B. Heywoo'd.
Mail Carriers Elect Officers.
SACRAMENTO. May 4. — W. S.
Kendall and Merritt C. Pike, fruit
growers, to-day brought suit against
Porter Bros.' Company and the Anglo-
Calif ornlan Bank of San Francisco for
an accounting, alleging fraud In the
sale of. fruits and failure^ to make
proper returns of sales. The bank is
made defendant because it is alleged
it has in Its keeping "certain notes and
mortgages which passed between
plaintiffs and defendants.
Plaintiff* Allege Frand and Failure
to Make Proper Returns in the
Matter of Sales.'
PORTER BROS.' CO3IPAXY
IS SUED BY FRUIT GROWERS
OAKLAND, May '4.— Pacific Lodge
No. 7 and Oak Leaf Lodge No. 35 will
give a banquet to-morrow evening at
Fraternal Hall in honor # of the Grand
Lodge officers, Ancient Order "United
Workmen of California.
Banquet to Grand Officers.
OAKLAND, May 4. — A decree of di
vorce was granted Mary O. Sperry
from Samuel Sperry this^morning by
Judge Melvin on the ground of willful
desertion.
Divorce Granted Wife.
OAKLAND. May 4. — The following
marriage -licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: James W.
Thompson. *25, and Leona Lee. 18,
both of Oakland; Louis T. Hunting
ton. 20, .and , Tillie J. Jamieson, 17,
both of Alameda; Ellis Randall, 27,
and Nlta L. Zilz. 21, both of San Fran
cisco; Albert H. Bach, over 21. and
Effle K. Keilbar. over 18. both of
Murphys Landing; Frederick Cuttle,
over 21, Chicago, and Ora E.~ Tracy,
over 18. Berkeley; K. C. Reed, over
21. and Wanda Mesaw. over' 18,' both
of -Berkeley.
Marriage Licenses.
1'nion Picket Acquitted — Batchers to
Hold Big Barbecne and Picnic at
'.„•:*" I dura Park.
OAKLAND. May 4. — W. R. Mahon.
the international president of the Car
men's Union, addressed the members
of the local union this afternoon and
evening at Giers* Hall. President
Mahon did not make any reference to
the carmen's troubles In San Fran
ci»ro. - « • " i .V'-- - »
William Reynolds, a member of the
* Butchers' Union, which is locked out.
•was acquitted this morning by Police
Judge Samuels of disturbing the peace
of Robert Vincent, who runs a market
et Seventh and Washington streets.
Reynolds was acting as a picket in
front of the market and Vincent had
him arrested.
O. McHenery. a wholesale butcher of
Stanislaus County, has made an offer
to the local Butchers' Union to sup
ply the meat necessary for the pro
losed co-operative union market. Mc-
Henery attended the meeting of the
"Butchers* Union last night and stated
that he would shi;> the meat to this
city in refrigerator c \
The butchers* picnic and barbecue
will be held at Idora Park Friday and
Saturday. The barbecue will be man
aged by Don Lorenzo Caballero and
the members of the . committees in
charge are: Picnic committee — Presi
dent. Harry Behrman; chairman.
Charles W. Petry; treasurer, C. f!
Scheithe; secretary, John F. Erhard.
Committee of arrangements Henry
Behrman. C. A. Scheithe, Charles
Petry. T. A- McGovern, John ' F.
Erhard, George Lohman, W. Nelson,
Joe Thatcher. W. Brethern.
OAKLAND. May 4. — The banquet
committee of the Merchants' Ex
change has perfected all arrangements
for the annual banquet, .which will
take place at the Hotel Metropole
Wednesday evening, May 11. The
committee has issued about 150 invi
tations. . The .list of speakers and
their subjects will be published early
next week.
Merchants' Exchange Banquet.
lXTERVATIOXAr, PRESIDENT
ADDRESSES lAXAlt CARMEN*
OAKLAND, May 4. — The Piedmont
Improvement Club met last night at
Oak Chapel, Piedmont, and consid
ered the proposition of the Cemetery
Creek sewer. There is a little over
3000 feet of sewer to be constructed,
which, it was stated, would cost the
city $25,000. but which can be com
pleted by outside contract for $8200.
It has been proposed to levy a tax of
10 cents on each of the 60,000 feet
frontage on the district. This would
realize $6000. The balance of $2800
would be subscribed. by residents out
side the district. The Oakland Bank
of Savings &as agreed to act as treas
urer of the fund should it be raised.
Cost of Piedmont Sewer.
SAN'TA ROSA, May 4. — Miss Cyn
thia Brown of Healdsburg, a sister of.
Mrs. Cordelia Botklni has become
mentally deranged, presumably from
brooding / over • the crime com
mitted by her sister. She re
cently escaped unnoticed from
the residence of her brother-in
law, A. M-cClung, at Healdsburg. She
placed a valuable diamond ring in her
handkerchief in Koberg's Jewelry
store, purchased a pair of shoes with
.out paying for them, slapped John
McDonough, proprietor 'of the Soto
yome Hotel, in _ the face with a beef
steak and then, meeting Frank Petray
on the street, slapped his face. About
two years ago Miss JBrown climbed
into the cab of a locomotive at
Healdsburg and took a seat alongside
Engineer Morris. She declared with
vehemence that riding on the engine
was the road to hades. She has been
placed in an asylum.
Relatives With Wiiqm She Had Been
IJving at Healdsburg Place Her
In an Asylum.
SISTER OF MRS. BOTKIX
IS 3IEXT.AIiL.ir DERAXGED
BERKELEY, May 4. — The Asso
ciated Students of the University of
California have decided, through the
executive committee of their body, to
present a silver loving cup to Norman
Dole of Stanford in recognition of his
service to Western athletics by break
ing' the world's record in the pole
vault two weeks ago on Berkeley oval.
The presentation will be made at a
day to be appointed, later.
Students Honor Norman Dole.
OAKLAND, May 4. — Policeman
John P. Scanlan, convicted of kicking:
J. J. Mulvey, a crippled newsboy, dur
ing a quarrel over a bet they made on
the Britt-Young Corbett flght, was
fined $23 to-day by Police Judge Mor
timer Smith. Scanlan paid the fine.
The Board of Police and Fire
Commissioners will take up charges
on Friday that have been filed against
Scanlan .by Mulvey.
Patrolman Who Kicked Crippled
Newsboy Pays Twenty- five Dol
lars Into the 1*01100 Court.
POLICEMAN' SCAXIxAN'
FIXED FOR BATTERY
The executive commutes of the Associated
Students opened bids last night for the grad
ing for the proposed new football field on the
Hlllegass Tract. Bids for the removal of 42,000
cubic yards of earth was received from W. J.
Schmidt. H. A. Whltely and E. B. & A. L.
Stone, but the committee refused to .name the
amounts of their bids. It was left to a com
mittee consisting of John Galen -Howard,
Colonel George C Edwards and James K. Mof
fitt to award the contract and they will report
in about a week.
The executive committee decided also to
award big Cs to the varsity crew that won
the intercollegiate rowing ¦ matches against
Washington and Stanford. This is the first
time the- emblem has been given for rowing.
The freshmen crew that defeated Stanford was
awarded freshmen sweaters adorned with the
class number.
The special committee on permanent organ
ization for the senior class has about com
pleted its labors. According to the delibera
tions of the committee the class of '01 will hold
reunions every five years, the first to be held
in 1010. Scott Hendricka. ¦ president of the
class, will be elected to the post of permanent
secretary to care for the correspondence at
tendant upon these meetings. The following
named constitute the committee on permanent
organization: E. S. Kilgore. Miss Martha Rice,
Miss Zoe Hartman, A. A. Rosenshine, I. S.
Metzler. Philip M. Carey. .
President Wheeler has completed the list .of
speakers who will represent the graduating
claps on commencement day. May 18, by nam
ing Fred Laws Dreher of Pomona, a student at
Hastings Law College, and George Asa Harker
of Eastland, a Ftudent in the college of medi
cine, for the distinguished honor. The speakers
already chosen are Miss Elizabeth Arnelll of
Ventura, college cf letters; Max Thelen of Na
tional City, college of social sciences, and Her
bert McLean Evans of Modesto, college of nat
ural sciences.
BERKKLET. May -I.— The senior class will
not be Mrs. Hearst's guests at her. country
home. Hacienda del Pozo del Verona, near
Pleasantcn. as have other senior clasaes. Mrs.
Hearst is still in the East and It is now too
late for her to return and reopen her home.
There Is some talk among the seniors of going
en a picnic. to Mill Valley or any other nearby
place fcr an outing, but no formal action has
been taken and the idea may be abandoned
altogether. The baccalaureate sermon will be
delivered on Sunday. May 15, and claxs day will
be celebrated the following day, when the usual
pilgrimage will be held. The procession will
start from bentath the senior oak after that
historic tree has been turned over to the junior
class. The Le Conte oak, South Hall, the ag
ricultural college, Hearst Hall, the chemistry
building, the mining building, the mechanics'
building and North Hall will be visited and
addresses delivered ' at each by prominent
seniors. The senior extravaganza will be given
In the afternoon in the Greek Theater. On
Tuesday the renior ball will be held and en
Wednrsday President Wheeler will give his
customary reception to the class.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
s Th« V. C boat crew.- /which has been enter
taining the visiting crew from Washington for
- The Piedmont Whist , Club was entertained
last Monday by Mrs..W. E. Sharon and It was
a pleasant coincidence . that •Mrs; Mygatfti
birthday and the fourth wedding anniversary cf
Mrs. Peter C. Allen (nee Sharon) Tell on the
same date. M«u- Mygatt— who is Mrs. Shar
on's grandmother— i» wonderfully young fcr her
years and was the life of the merry Monday
gathering. "
Mrs. William House made the highest scorj
at whist and was awarded the prise. The club
Include* * among Its members Mrs. H. C Can
well, j Mrs. Henry Bratnober. Mrs. Samuel n
Gilman, - Mrs. Charles Oilman. Mra. Harrv
Thomas, Mrs. - Harry Maxwell. Mrs. Edward
Engs; Mrs. WIckham Havens. Mm. Frank
Havens. Mrs. J. T. W. Randall. Mrs J b
Richardson.- Mra. Harry Farr. Mrs. Wiliiam
House and Mrs. Florence Wing.
Mrs. David A. Spencer and Mrs. Edward D
Flint, president and secretary, respectively of
the Hill Club, wem the complimented guests
of Mrs. W. D. Huntington this afternoon
Assisting the hostess were Mrs. Samuel J
Taylor. Mrs. Eugene Englehardt. Mrs. Louis
F."Cockroft. Mra. Frank Leach and Mrs. David
McKay. • '
Assisting lufs. --Britton and her daughters
were Mrs. Charles Conllsk and - Miss Louise
Earl of San Francisco, Mrs.". Henry. Adams of
Stockton, Mrs. George H. I Ismon of San Jose.
Mrs. George Porter Baldwin of Los Ange
les. Mrs. John D.Ebey. Mrs. David Ewald
Brown. Mrs. Gilbert L. Belcher, Mrs. - J.
Walter Scott. Mrs. W. D. Smith. Mn J.
Holberton. Miss Katherine Gray, Miss "Sue
Johnson, Mls3 Blanche Laymance. Miss Mamie
Stroud. Miss Josephine Eastland, Mrs. Ken
nerly: Bryan; Miss Gertrude Ruddock. Mfss
Laura Nicholson. Mrs. A. S. Macdonald and
Miss Lillian Wall of Berkeley.
To-morrow the John A. Brittons will begin
the packing and moving that means a loss to
Oakland society, for they have decided to make
San Francisco their future home, and their
last day in the pretty residence on Walsworth
avenue will long he remembered by those who
were guests at the reception this afternoon,
given by Mrs. Britton and her daughters, Mrs*.
Walter Thompson Kellogg and Miss Britton.
Two hundred or more invitations had been
eent out for the affair.
A very large receiving party assisted Miss
Mary Barker In making her reception one of
the nctable affairs of the week. Mrs. Bernard
Miller was the honored guest.
The receiving party included Mrs. Edmund
Baker. Mrs. Henry Drew Nichols, Miss Viva
Nicholson, Miss • Marlon Smith. Miss Evelyn
Ellis. Miss Florence Nightingale. Mrs. Eliza
beth Miller. Mrs. F. Marion Smith. Mrs. T. L.
Barker, Miss Emma Wellman, Miss Georgia
Strong, Miss Eva Powell. Mrs. J. P. H. Dunn.
Mrs. John Henry Dieckmann. Mrs. Frederick
Page fitting and Mrs. Walter Hughes Henry.
Miss Jane Rawllngs, Miss Winifred Burdge.
M1e& Emma Mahony, Miss Mary Wilson, Mrs.
Harry East Miller, Mrs. Warren OIney Jr.,
Mls« May. Coogan. the Mlsces Carolyn and Ani
ta Oliver. Miss Florlnne Brown. Mlsa Lillian
Moller. Miss Ethel Paiker. Mrs. Grace Water
house. Miss Florence Starr, Miss Mona Crellln.
Mrs. Robert M. Fitzgerald, the Misses Jane and
Ethel Crelltn. Mrs. Walter Starr, Mrs. William
Hamilton Morrison. Mlsa Ethel Moore. . Miss
Grace Holt. Mrs. Thomas Bally Pheby, Miss
Elsie Marwedel and Miss Florence Hush.
Among the guests were some of the recent
brides, including Mrs. Bernard Miller (nte
Burdge), radiantly charming in her wedding
gown. Miss Bonnie Downing, sister of the
guest of honor, was also in white, a dainty
Louis XV gown of satin and chiffon.
The six prizes were unusually handsome —
for Instance, the little pearl and gold brooch
and the beautiful carved pewter stein.
As a pretty compliment to I Miss Downing,
who has just returned from Europe, the score
cards were foreign postcards, many of them
being beautiful ccples of famous works of art. -
Miss Downing* s Paris gown was an in
describable combination of white liberty satin,
Brussels net and an exquisite gold and pearl
trimming. .
OAKLAND.. May 4. — As the time approaches
for the j annual ' summer heglra social events
follow each other with bewildering rapidity.
Card parties crowd upon the heels of numer
ous teas and "»t homes," and the popular
maid and matron are exceedingly busy these
days.
The social set was exceptionally active to
day, several large and Important affairs divid
ing the general interest — Miss Barker's "at
home," Mrs. Lewis Seton Lindsay's tea and
the Britton farewell reception being the prin
cipal events of the afternoon, while the Burn
ham card party this evening furnished a fitting
climax for the most brilliant day of the week.
Nearly two hundred members of the younger
set were guests of Mrs. J. R. Burnham and
her daughter. Miss Lucretla Burnham. in their
beautiful lake-side home this evening.- The
wldo halls and spacious rooms were fairly
abloom with the garden's richest treasures —
exquisite pink roses in the small drawlng
rocm. snowballs and red roses gleaming richly
against the dark green and rosewood furnish
ings of the library and in the oak-finished din
ing-room yellow roses and Spanish broom giv
ing a vivid touch of color.
In this artistic setting Miss Burnham and
her guest of honor. Miss Edith Downing,
stood like two fair flowers themselves, tach
gowned In white. Miss Burnham wore a lace
gown beneath which sparkled a "dew-drop"
chiffon under slip. Five lace ruffles. e<l£>»<i
with satin bands, formed the skirt and a wide
spangled girdle encircled the full "baby
waist."
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Pacific Improvement Company (corporation)
to J. T. Hardln. lot 13. v block 5. Bartlett 80
acre tract Alameda; $10.
Emily Wit'ich (single) to J. H. "tViUieh. lot
on NW corner of Railroad avenue and Walnut
street. N 60 by W 122. Alameda: $10.
Elizabeth B. Wittlch to fame, lot on NW cor
ner of Railroad avenue and Walnut street, N
60 by Vf 123. Aiameda. $10.
R. E. and Lulu M. Bauske (wife) to Jamrs
and William Rennie, Mock bounded NE by Cle
ment avenue. SE by Lafayette «treet. SW by
Eagle avenue. NW by Schiller street, block 5».
map of property near Encinal Station of Co-
Inmhus Bartlett. Alameda: $10:
Delia Kreyenhagen (widow) to Thomas
White (married), lot on NE corner o< Stxtli
and Jtfckaon streets. E 60 by N 50. portion of
lots 1 and 2. block 61. Kellersbergar*» map,
Oakland; $10.
J. 15. Campbell tfcmxne sole) to W&it«r E.
Rode (single). "lot on SE line of L«w!a street.
130 SW of Prospect SW 100 by SE 123 lots
8 and 0. block 4. map of East Oakland Heights.
East Oakland: also lot on NE line of Hopkins
street. 73 SE of Lewis. SE 30 by NE 128.
portion lota 4 and 3. block 4, same map. East
Oakland: $10.
Holcomb Land Company (Heron-Holcomb
Company) to Charles Husband, lot BwHn&ltis;
at corner common to lota .1. 4. 12 and 13.
thence SE alonjt line dividing lots 4 and 12.
37.30 SW 122.81. N 37.50. NE 122.90. being
N half of, lot 4. block F. map • Paralta
Heights, East Oakland;. $10. -'*.»
Levi J. Moran (single) to Minnis H. L*tcner.
lot on S line of AshBy avenne. -52.63 E of
Deakln street. E 40 by 8 140. lot «. Mock F
map resubdlTislon of lots 1 to ,8 of block F?
Woolsey Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Alameda Saving's Bank to Mary E. ! Puree!!
(widow), lot on SW corner of Encinal arena*
and Union street. S 48:8 by W 13t. portion lots
1 to 3. block 7. amended map of Bartlett Tract.
Alameda: $10. . . .
Fannie A. and l.«aac D. .Wood (and as at
torney) to W. F. Neal. lot on S line of Thir
ty-fourth street. 24*5:3 E of Market. E S3 by
8 100. portion of lot* 7 and 8. block K. prop
erty of Central Land Company. Oakland : $10.
Sarah M. Thomson to Lacy F". Thomson
'daughter), lot en NE corner of Broadway and
Blrnle street. *? 100 by E ICO. "portion /lot 1.
block U. Fountain place. Oakland;, also lot
on W line of Webster street. 223 N-of -Doranti
N 50 by W 130, Oakland; rift- . '.* *
Henry H. Skllllng (singled to Mlnsia &
Leffler (wife of W. U. E.>. all interest, being
an undivided half interest. In following loti :
28 and 27. block A. and lot 2. blade P. Broad
way Terrace. Oakland: also lot oa Tt line of
Nineteenth Mreet. - SO E of Union. E 65 by N
110. lot 45 and E 25 feet- of lot 44. map of sub
division of Surryhne -Tract. Oakland:- $10.
'R. A. and Ro«fe C. Sumtnera t.aOtts W. Eng*
(eir.grl«). lot on N.ll:i« of Mason" street. 140
W of Calala. W id by N 135/ lot 3, block N.
map blocks M. N. O and P. Harmon Trac:.
Berkeley; *lt>. . _ . •
F. W. French to Ada L. French, all Interest,
both real and persona!, of - Mary Francea
French, deed; $10
Albert S. and El<mnor E. Day to Edith A.
Sternbers (wife of P. L->. lot 10. block 7S4.
Peralta Lands. Peralta Homestead Association.
Oakland; 110.
John and Emma Christina Llnd to Seraftno
and Teresa Paves!, lot on VV line of Henry
street. lt5S N of Fifth. N 25 by W 125. lot 1.1.
block 40t> map redivision City blocks 494 to 49(5,
Oakland; #1C>;O.
The Realty Syndicate to-TW A. Summery lot
23, block D. map Centraf Piedmont Tract, deetl
and agreement. Oakland, TownshJp: $10.
Fred and Marion Deutsch . to'; Samuel LIv
inreton. undivided V, ¦ of lot on S corner M
Second av»nue (Alameda} and.; C EIe*anfll
street aaek*on>, SB. 3G0 Toy-SW 130. b«lns !*fci
1 -i of block 24, Clinton. res*rvtng any personal
property on aborc -deserlbfcd • property. East
Oakland; $10. *V« .-.<* • -'
Alameda County.
WEDNESDAY. MAY 4.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
R. L. Ginn has been appointed sub
stitute letter carrier at Los Angeles.
John P. Hundrup of San Francisco has
been appointed to a position in the
Treasury Department. Long Beach has
been granted one temporary carrier to
serve from July 1 to September 30.
WASHINGTON, May 4. — Postmaster
commissioned: Calif ornia V Mabel L.
Miller, Longvllle.
War Department orders — Fir»t*L.ieu
tenant Joseph W.'Bacham Jr., Signal
Corps, will relieve First Lieutenant
George E. Kumpe; Lieutenant Xumpe
will proceed to Benicia Barracks, Cal.,
for duty. First Lieutenant William A.
Kent, Signal Corps, will proceed to
Benicia Barracks, Cal., for duty. Pri
vate Louis Ives, Company B, Second
Infantry, now- at ; Fort Logan, Colo.,
has been transferred to the Signal
Corps; he will be sent to Benicia Bar
racks, Cal., for duty. Corporal John A.
Bulen, Company K, Second Infantry,
now at Fort Logan, Colo., has. been
transferred to the Signal Corps as pri
vate; he will be sent to Benicia Bar
racks, Cal. . ¦ • - . : ,
Navy orders — Captain J. F. Moser
will be detached from command at
Pensacola naval training station,
San Francisco, on May 29, and granted
four months' leave-
Washington Departments Commission
One Postmaster and Issue
Army Orders.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. May 4. — Minister Conger
has cabled the State l>epartment from Pektn<
that tome fine portraits of the Dowager Em
press cf China, which were dispatched to tht
St. Louis Exposition on the steamer Siberia
yesterday, will be donated fcy the Powag«r
Empress to the United States Government
after they have been exhibited at the fair. ,
Mrs. Mitchell, when interviewed at
her home in V(est Berkeley last night,
admitted that she left ' her husband
immediately after their marriage be
cause ¦ he had played her "a dirty
tricw. She denied that she met
Mitchell through an advertisement in
a matrimonial paper and said she was
introduced to him by mutual friends.
She formerly 'lived In this city with
her parents on Freelon street.
"It is an unpleasant thing to say
about university students, but it I3 a
fact that they cheat," said Professor
Soule tq-day. "They adopt all sorts of
methods, some ' of them , absolutely
shameless.' You see, it is unfair to
those students who do not cheat. It
raises the standard, because the cheat
passes a better examination as a rule
and makes it^ hard for the honest stu
dent to keep'up. I find these precau
tions necessary in order to stop the
practice."
BERKELEY, May 4.— In order to
prevent cheating in the examinations
among the students in the engineering
college at the University of California
Professor Frank Soule, dean of the de
partment, has taken unusual precau
tions this year to guard against the
smuggling in of data that would be
valuable to the student struggling
with a lot of abstruse problems in rail
road curves and bridge construction.
Professor Soule found that the most
extensive" "cribbing" was done through
the medium of the examination blank
books, so he took steps to prevent stu
dents getting them until they had been
attested with his stamp and signature.
Now he requires that the blank books
be purchased from his desk just before
the examinations begin and each book
is scrutinized to make sure that there
are mo data within its leaves. In this
way cheating is prevented so far as the
books are concerned.
In the old days students smuggled In
considerable data they . anticipated
would be useful to them in the exam
inations. This was usually in the back
of the book. But there. were and still
are easy ways^ to make examinations
easier. The mist" popular way is to
write the data -^on the cuffs. Shfrt
bosoms are popular, too, and some shirt
bosoms have at times looked like a
blackboard in,' a primary school. The
solea of the shoes are used now and
then, but this method has not quite
the vogue of the others.
Professor Frank Soule Would
Prevent Cribbing at
Examinations,
PROFESSOR FRANK SOULB, WHO
' HAS TAKEN A STAND AGAINST
STUDENT CHEATS.
Oakland OJTto San Francisco Call.
lilS Broadway, May 4.
The recent disclosures in regard to
uoney matters of Constable Edward
.\>idler have caueed the United State?
Tidelity and Guaranty Company to
>*tJUon the courts to he released from
ils bond of J2000. The company charge*
»im with malfeasance and asks that
he office be declared vacant. la the.
'neantime the Sheriff's deputies have
>een unable to locate Weidler, in order
o serve him with the necessary suxn
nons to appear in, court, and show
ra use why the request of the company
ihould not be granted.
The petition set g forth: First, that
JVeidler has failed to pay the annual
premium of tlO to the company for
foing on his bond; second, that tie has
legleeted to perform his duties: third,
hat he has collected different sums of
noney in the conduct of his 1 office which
ae has failed and refused to pay to
.he persons justly* entitled to the fame.
• Wherefore the company pray» the
jrfler of court declaring the omc^e of
Edward Weidler. as Constable of Oak
and, vacant, and releasing it as" surety
jpon his official bond from all liability
which may thereafter arise or. such
jond. . *
. Weidler himself has made the state
nest that he was about to resign his
sfflt-e. Whether he intends to do so has
not been made apparent. Such action
»n his part, it Is believed, will precipi
:ate a general descent of his creditors
jpon the surety company. Those who
lave simply loaned him money are
without recourse, but it is stated that
:here lire large sums of money which
tie has collected through attachments
fiven him to serve that he has not
paid to the persons to whom the money
.belongs, and that it is this money he
has used to cover up and eettle the Is
suance of double assignments of his
salary warrants.
It ".s believed that it is h-re that a
big deficit will he found in his accounts.
Many attorneys have made complain'
that it was as difficult to collect rnone*
from him as it was to g*t it from their
debtors, and much work has been taken
¦ way from the Justice's court and done
through the Sheriff's office. • ¦>** V
. Constable Bert Hempstead must meet
En accusation filed against him with
the Grand Jury, for the alleged reten
tion of SIM bond money which, it is
charged, he has failed to return, .and
there is now pending a suit to recover
the money frorn^ him. The complaint
is made by Attorney James H. Borer,
and he ¦was a witness before the Grand
Jury to-day and.'gave a history.of the
case to that body.
In his complaint he states that last
November- he began an action looking
to the ousting of Hempstead from of
fice for the illegal retention of a $150
cash bond that had been deposited Jn
thy suit of Victor Ligrda against H V.
Brown. Llgda recovered judgment for
hiu c'aim. amounting to $190.
He wished to attach some cows, and
in order to protect himself from a
claim made by Brown's wife that some
of the cows belonged to her, Hemp
fe-tead insisted that Ligda put up a bond
of $150. Hempstead still has the money i
and says he is entitled to keep It until
the time has *xpired in which Mrs.
Brown can legally make a claim. Con
stable H^mpptead as well as Justice of;
the Peace Quinn, before whom the case !
was tried, insist that there is nothing
wrong in Hempstead's actions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
11 IS Broadway, May 4.
Men prominent in all walks of life
and notably distinguished among the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows took
part to-day in the funeral services over
the late Charles N.^Fox, former Justice
of the Supreme Court and a past grand
I master of the Grand Lodge of Odd Fel
1 lows of this State. The services were
I held at the Fox residence, 1157 Market
street.
Kev. Henry Jewett, pastor of the
Congregational church at Berkeley,
conducted 'ie religious exercises.
Hymns were sung by the Masonic
Quartet, composed of D. M. Lawrence,
Alfred Wilkle. H. W. Patrick and W.
Nielsen. The «usic included Judge
Fox's favorite n eedons, "The Long
Day Clcrses," and Stebbins" '"Saving
Grace." Z\\>'-'
Porter Lodge Xo. 272. I. O. O. F., of
which Judge Fox had been the first
past grand, officiated at. the ritual
istic rites. Eulogies were offered by
Dr. Jewett, who paid, high tribute to
the sympathetic chord in the eminent
jurist's character that responded so.
strongly to all of the demands from
those distressed or in need. Particular
attention was paid to the distinguished
service Judge Foxyhad rendered in the
fraternal' world.
Grand Scribe W. H. Barnes gave elo
i quent expression to the sentiment of
sorrow and of mourning felt by the
survivors of the departed Odd Fellow.
Among the grand officers present
were Grand Master C. W. Baker of
Sacramento; Grand Secretary George
T. Shaw of San Francisco, Grand Mar
shal Henry Jacks of San Francisco,
Acting Grand Treasurer H. O. Brower
of San Francisco. Grand Representative
William Nicholln Jr. of San Francisco,
Grand Scribe W. H. Barnes of San
Francisco, and Past Grand Patriarch
S. B. Smith of Sacramento. '
The honorary pall bearers were: Past
Grand Masters L. L. Alexander, Charles
O. Burton. Reuben H. Lloyd, Davis
Louderback, W. W. Watson and Wil
liam . Nicholls Jr.. and from Porter
Lodge. B. F. Edwards and John Pink
ham. Active pall bearers were the fol
lowing members from Porter Lodge:
C. H. Htrman, John Turner, T. E.
Stevenson, P. F. Bradhoff, Charles
and George" Smith.
The body was placed In a vault at the
Oakland Cemetery to be held for in
1 cineratlon.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, May 4.
A constable armed with a subpena,
: backed up by the majesty of the law,
and assisted with all the strategies
that he could think of, failed to serve
the process on Mrs. Jacques Loeb, wife
of Dr. Loeb, the distinguished physiol
ogist of the University of California.
Mrs. Loeb outwitted this limb of the
law at every turn in the game of hide
and seek and to-day he was forced to
confess in Justice Quinn's court in
Oakland that the woman was too
much for him.
Mrs. Loeb was sought as a witneBS in
the case of John Maley, whose sobri-'
quet is "Jack the Hugger.". It needed
her testimony and the testimony of her
maid to help convict the fellow. The
two women had seen the so-called hug-
B<?r display his bearish propensities on
the campus and as he was getting
more vicious with every hug the police
were anxious to convict him.
But Mrs. Loeb refused to be served
with a^ subpena. Constable C. W. Kil
lion found this out after he had called
at the Loeb residence, corner Oxford
and Adilison streets, three or four
times, only to be informed that the
lady of the house was out.
Then Killion planned a regular cam
paign and laid himself out for a long
wait. It had become a matter of pride
with him. He sent other people to the
Loeb residence, but they came back
with the same disappointing result. .
Scaling ladders were thought of at one
time, but it was Been that entering a
man's house,, that way was a violation
of the right of domicile.
Strategy was the last resort and Kil
lion went to the Loeb kitchen door dis
guised as a butcher's boy. But the
disguise didn't carry the man any far
ther than the kitchen door. There he
met the lady's maid. He served the
papers on her, but she (barred the rest
of the way. Then Killion gave it all j
up as a bad investment.
Ab it turned out, however, neither
the testimony of Mrs. Loeb nor. her
maid was necessary. "Jack the Hug
ger'.' was convicted upon the testimony
of others and now there will be no
more of this hugging in Berkeley. '
FRESNO, May 4.— Lincoln J. Mitch
ell, a well to do farmer of Fowler, who
for the last two years has been a bene
dict, but 'who has not seen his wife
since a few minutes after they, were
married, to-day secured an anulment
of the marriage. The shattering of
Mitchell's faith In the fair sex is a
strange story. Two years ago he de
cided to take a wife to himself and
answered an advertisement in a mat
rimonial paper. After arrangements
had been made for. the wedding, he
went to San Francisco and met his
wife, Ida M. Mitchell, who lives at
2110 Sixth street, West Berkeley. To
the Justice of the Peace's was a short
distance and the knot was soon tied.
When they reached the corner of the
street the wife turned tq Mitchell and
said: "I am going home now. You
can go where you like. I am done
with you." From that day to this
Mitchell has not seen his wife.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Constable Hempstead Before
Grand Jury and Also
Comes " in for Censure
Mary A. Mitchell, the sister, who
has been appointed administratrix,
stated to Judge Greene that she had
omitted naming the horse in her In
ventory of her brother's property upon
instruction -from her father. She aft
erward reconsidered her action, and
told the court the horse was a legal
asset of the estate. Woods says that
the whole trouble has been brought on
by a quarrel between his daughter and
his daughter-in-law, both of whom are
endeavoring to gain possession of
Greenock. In the meantime, it was an
nounced in the court, the horse has
broken down and cannot run. The es
tate left by the jockey is appraised at
about 12500.
Judge Greene, in his decision, de
clared that undoubtedly the horse
Greenock was a part of Jockey Woods'
estate, and that forgery and perjury
had been committed during the pro
ceedings.
Judge Greene this morning declared
that a forged document had been pre
sented to him among the papers in
the matter of the estate of Jockey
Woods, and wa'rned the parties now
making a contest over the settlement
of the estate. He read the section of
the Penal Code in relation to the pun
ishment of one who presents a forged
document to the court, and then 'con
tinued the case until Friday, in order
to further investigate the matter.
The 'trouble has arisen over the own
ership of the racehorse Greenock,
which a sister of the deceased jockey
says belonged to him and is rightful
ly a. part of his estate, though James
Woods, the father, claims . that the
horse belonged to him. Irrsupport of
this he produced a bill of sale from
the Schorrs to a half interest in the
horse for $265; but the figures had been
erased and 5365 substituted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 1118 Broadway, May 4.
Court Questions Testimony
and a Mutilated Bill of
Sale for Racer Greenock
Farmer 3Iitchell of Fowler
Repents Answering Mat
rimonial Advertisement
J. P. Massie, who is prominently
connected with - -. these colonization
schemes, showed Henry P. Gllllg, who
represents a large number of Germans;
who desire to leave their native heath
and devote their time to wine growing
in this State, through San Joaquln
County this week, and the gentleman
was quite well pleased with the soil of
the county, particularly that in North
ern San Joaquin. Gillig may decide
to bring the Germans here.
It is also said that a large amount
of land near Lodi has been bonded by
the railroad. In all about 400 acres
have been given over to the company
on a two years' bond. All this .acre
age is located wrthin a few miles of
Lodi, the Intention of the bonders be
ing to have the colonists located as
near the railroad line as possible.
The Southern Pacific Company has
been instrumental in securing a num
ber of settlers for Northern Sanr Joa
quin, and this latest move on the com
pany's part will bring in a large nunv
ber of homeseekers after the harvest
season in the Eastern States/ "'i'" ? '"
LODI, May 4. — The Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company, through its
colonization agent, has . bonded 14ft
acres of lan'.l belonging to John S.
Thompson and situated near Acampo.
four miles north of Lodi. It Is under
stood that the land will be cut up Into
small tracts and sold this fall to the
homeseekers which the railroad com
pany proposes to bring to this State.
Railroad Company Proposes to Bring
Ilomcseekers to State After Har
vest Season In the East.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC BONDS
FARMING LAND NEAR ACAMPO
Constable Killion Tries All
Sorts of Schemes, but Finds
Woman Too Much for Him
CLOSES WAYS OF ACCESS
Grand Lodge of the State
Attends the Services and
Gives Token to Sentiment
EULOGIUMS ARE SAID
FATHER IS IMPEACHED
MAEEIAGE IS ANNULLED
DE3IAXDS A KELEASJ3
Surety Company Charges
Him With Malfeasance and
Would Shift Responsibility
» - — —
Mrs. Jacques Loeb, Wife of
Distinguished Scientist,
Avoids a Process Server
Says Spouse Deserted Him
After Wedding Ceremony
and Eeturned to Her Home
Fraternal Inspect Is Shown
at the Funeral of the Late
Justice Charles N. Fox
WANT WEIDLER'S
OFFICE VACATED
Judge "Greene Calls a Halt
in the Litigation Over
Estate of Jockey Woods
MAKES CHARGE
OF A FORGERY
OUTWITS MAN
WITH SUBPENA
ODD FELLOWS
H0 NOR JURIST
HUSBAND TELLS
STRANGE STORY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
TAKES UNUSUAL
PRECAUTIONS TO
STOP CHEATING
THE SAN. J^RANCISCO, CALL,. THURSDAY, MAY . 5, 1904.
BERLIN. May 4.— Miss. Geraldlne Farraf
the American Finger, has pone to Stockholm to
fill a ; six weeks' engagement -with * the > Royal
Opera. " ,
OAKLAND. May 4.— Fred Russell,
60 years old, a bartender, was found
dead in the Saratoga House this'
morning. The Coroner took ."charge
of the body.
Bartender Found I>cad.
OAKLAND. May . 4.— Policeman
James Drew is seriously ill at his
home at Sixtenth and Cypress streets
and the physicians who are attending
him fear that an operation may be
necessary to save his < life; * While on
duty a week ago Drew. fainted on the
street and was taken; home, .where : he
has been in bed ever since.
6
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street. *
Telephone Alameda 4592.
/ 2148 Cenier Street.
' Telephone North 11.
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
BBAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
AD VEBTISEMENTa.
. A RECOMMENDATION
Of our work will be given by any one o£
the many we have successfully treated.
All -arc well pleased because all are well
served.
OTJR TESTS ON FIXATES ' t
Are the highest achievements of that
branch of ¦.
DENTISTRY
They look- well and wear welL - Perform
all the functions of the natural teeth
with comfort to the wearer.
Full Set on Rubber. $3.00.
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 TATXiOa ST.. SAStPSASCXSCO.
, . 97i WASXIJf OTOW ST., OAJttATO.
gAJTJOSE. - - SACXAMEWTO.San Francisco Veterinary College.
Next session will bejln June tttn. CaUloxue*
by apslyinj ' to* Dr.' S. J.' Crtely, 510 G. O. nre.»
The suit for damages brought by
Captain ¦¦"WV A. Westcott against Cal
ifornia Harbor No. 13, American As
sociation, of Masters and . Pilots. , was
heard. by Judge Seaweil yesterday and
taken under, submission. Westcott de
mands $10,000 damages, for Injury, to
his reputation he alleges. he sustained
through the : action . of the. harbor in
attempting to expel him last ; Febru
ary. He also demands ah order of
court directing the cancellation of the
proceedings of. the . harbor at .the time
of the attempted expulsion.
Court Hears Westcott's Suit.
PURE FOOD APPRECIATED.
Citizens Patronize Exhibits Being
Made by Different Local Houses.
Citizens of San Francisco have real
ized that there is "something doing"
at the Mechanics' Pavilion ; besides the
grocers' convention and as an "evi
dence of that fact the building was
filled last night with visitors to the
The exposition will be turned over to
the Turn Verein to-night. The members
of that order will attend in a body and
aid .in entertaining the visitors . with
many interesting athletic features. *The
different Turn Vereins of the city have
expressed their willingness to : aid in
entertaining the public at the retail
grocers' exposition.
Industrial exposition which Is being
given under the direction of the Re
tail Grocers' Association of San Fran
cisco.
The wholesale merchants of the city
have taken an active part in making
the big exposition a success. Califor
nia products are orr display in many
booths; which . have been tastily ar
ranged by the exhibitors. During the
afternoon and evening of yesterday, a
large crowd was in attendance at the
pavilion. The different exhibitors stood
behind their booths and distributed
samples of their wares to the ladles.
All went, away well pleased with the
exhibition and with their arms fll led
with household suggestions in the way
of samples . of good things to eat and
other necessities ; that , go to make . up
a happy home. ;
"Twelve million dollars was invested
in real estate during the last year,"
said Secretary Stearns, "and 957 dwell
ing-houses and flats erected. Oakland
Is the termini of three overland rail
roads and, from the growth of the
population, the people who travel over
these roads like the place. An increase
of 24 per cent in three years is in ad
vance of any first-class city in the
country during the same period."
Boarding the cars again an hour
later, the grocers and their friends
started for Haywards. At San Leandro
a stop was made and the visitors
were escorted through fruit groves and
gardens. At Alameda the passengers
were showered with flowers by school
children and each presented with a
handsome bouquet. Then all, radiant
with smiles of pleasure, took the Key
route and returned to San Francisco.
The visitors and friends were as fol
lows: .
W. H. COQk. Bpringfitld, Ohio; Tr. H. Beagles
and wife, San Francisco: C. W. Hull and wife
San Francisco; Will Hill and wife, 8t Joseph'
Mo.; Mrs. Butler, San Francisco; W. E Sul
livan and wife. St. Joseph, Mo.; W. C Long
atrethorp. Lansing, Mich.; E. Peterson and
wife, Budlo Grow, Independence, .Mo ; J A
Blschoff. Mies Crowell, San Francisco; W. A.
Asmuseen, Ean Francisco; J. C. Ballantyne'
Des Molnes. Iowa; W. H. Cook, Springfield.
Ohio; S. H. Sadler, Rockwell Iowa; E. G
Ashley, Toledo. Ohio; F. W. McAllister. San
Antonio. Tex.; William Maurer. San Fran
cisco; Mr. and Mrs. H. Huffmann, San Fran
cIrco; F. Albert Wey, Higeinsvllle, Mo.; Mies
Irene Calnen, Richmond Mo.; Mrs. John E
Crusey, San Francisco; Mrs. Lyman B. Ish!
Chicago, 111.; Mrs. John Gibson, Richmond,
Mo.; Mrs. J. W. Colllgnon, Spr!n*?field. Mp.;
Mrs. Kate Voss, St. Charles, Mo.; Henry Vose
fit. Joseph. Mo.; Charles Veysey, Aberdeen!
Wash.: Marian Veysey, Montesano, Wash.; E.
F. King, Detroit. Mich.; C. H. Frink,
Detroit. Mich.; Mr. and Mrs. B Peter
eon. Independence, Mo.;* Velt Reuss, Cin
cinnati. Ohio; Mr. and Mrs F M
Newland. Topeka, Ksns.; Mrs. S. Lamonte.'
ban Francisco: Charles E. Bohert, Cin
cinnati. Ohio; W. C. Wren, Cleveland. Ohio;
H. F. Duesmg. Toungstown. Ohio; Lyman B.
Ish, Chicago. 111.: L. J. Oehler. Cincinnati; J.
M. Jamison, financial secretary Retail Gro
cers Association. Cincinnati; A. J. Ronshelxner,
Penngrrove. Cal.; Mr. and Mrs. George Betts,
Chicago: Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Hopkins, Oak
land; H. D. CushinR, Oakland; K. A. Cook
Detroit; F. J. Lea. Oakland; Mrs. M. C.
Blot*. St. LouU; Mrs. S. Munha, Oakland;
Henry Heyman fit. Louis; W. W. Miller
Berkeley; J. S. Wixson, Oakland; E F Mul-
Icr, .Oakland: F. Guenther, Nevada Cltr Cal •
Mr. and Mrs. George Neudorff and so'n. St.'
Joseph, Mo.; .Georre Hoffmann, Oakland- T
N. Whltehead. Oakland; Charles A. Gesch'and
wife. Milwaukee. Wi*.: O. C. Harn. editor
Inland Grocer. Cleveland, Ohfo: K. C. Ambro-e
and wife, Oakland; C. C. Harn, Cleveland
Ohio: Mr. and Mrs. J. F. HennlK. San Franl
dsco; Mrs. M. Cook*. Chlcaeo; Mrs. Wllbert
Birmingham, Chicago: Miss M. Broader Chi
cago; A. W. Bodenhausen and wife st
Joseph. Mo.; II. Corrance and wife, Dubuuue"
la.; Burt Holcomb, Duluth. Minn.; Charles e'
Parsons, passenger director San FYancisco and
San Jose Railroad, and W. H. Ellison, guide
of Board of Trade.
Returning to Oakland about noon, all
were invited to the Hotel Metropole,
where a delicious luncheon was served.
During the course of the luncheon Ed
win Stearns, secretary of the Oakland
Board of Trade, made an address,
which conveyed to the visitors some
idea of the merits of life in Alameda
County. He stated its advantages
from a standpoint of commerce, cli
mate and social condition.
FACTS STATED.
OAKLAND, May 4.— It was a gala
day in Alameda County for members
of the National Grocers' Association,
who are in convention on the other side
of the bay. More than 100 of the dele
gates from various cities of the United
States arrived during the forenoon on
the "Key Route" and at once became
the suests of the Alameda County
Grocers' Association and the Mer
chants' Exchange.
The party, which was accompanied
by many ladies, was conveyed by Epe
cial cars and given an opportunity to
see every point of interest in Alaineda,
Oakland and Berkeley and the nearby
suburban towns. All expressed pleas
ure over the cordial reception extended.
At the Key Route mole an escort con
sisting of Charles H. Taylor, W. J.
Hopkins, George Russell, W. W. Miller,
J. S. Wixson. E. E. Muller, Wilber
Walker, E. Stearns, H. D. Cushing.
George Hoffman, F. J. Lea and Frank
M. Ferguson oft this city awaited the
visitors. A rapid ride was made to
Berkeley, where Wilber Walker ex
plained the growth of the university
and showtd the party about the
grounds. The excursionists were re
turned to this city by way of Telegraph
avenue and then a trip was taken to
Piedmont Heights. At the latter point
the Sulphur Springs Gardens were vis
ited. : ::-.*;.
Bay and Are Treated
Koyall?-.
Delegates to Convention Cross tho
APPRECIATE OAKLAND TRIP.
of'tlv Asti company were on hand to
r'llot the visitors through the great
v inory and explain every phase of the
y\w making business, from the plant
ing -of -the grapes to the placing of the
f'-rmrnt^d juic upon the market.
Every feature of the multitude of de
tajlF was asked about by some member
of rtie party and just as readily an-
. ilany ladle*, wiv^s and sweethearts
et m thfi delegates, were -along and the
a-a'rtous rpints of interest were pointed
'jjwt to them from the ferry to the lit
y\f station in Sonoma County.
•Only one stop was made ajid that
•xvgs 40. allow the west bound train to
.¦'FaEs. .Rapid time was made on the
»vay up the valley, but as Petaluma
. v aF approached the ppeed was held
r$ov- n to aJlow the guests to view the
/tfeautfes of that thriving city. The
FaTue* programme was carried out at
Santa* Rosa and Hraldsburg. and many
Vere the expressions: "'Oh, how I wish
1 "lived in this country:"
/* " ARRIVAL* AT AST!.
At Asti. which was reached before 11
r> f .eloek. £reat preparations had been
j^iadc to entertain the guests. As soon
*«= thr train of seven cars had been va
"<a*tod by the pleasure seekers, officials
Alarm? were sounded in every room
to the city occuph-d by delegates to
the- National Grocer*' Association yes
tnrdaj: morning, for the occupants of
those roo:ns were anxious to be on
hand at the ferry promptly at 8 o'clock
jo participate in the excursion to Asti,
Sonoma County, given for their bene
fit by the California Northwestern
Railway and the Italian-Swiss Colony.
Expectations of a street car strike had
c"a,used many of them to leave a call
.for. some hours previous to their de
parture as a matter of assurance. Hap
.jii.ly tfc'ej' did not have to walk to the
ferry building as cars yere running
e.nd gave them ample tfme. Smiling
,fac>s were apparent on every side as
the g^tes were thrown open for the
crowd to the number of 272, which filed
*cu the ferry-boat J. M. Donahue and
•look' their places for the trip to Tibu
roh. Smiles which had crossed the bay
In the morning returned in the evening
a* hilarious laughs and the Retail Gro
'cers of America Joyfully clasped the
I'ands of the inen who had contributed
¦ to. much to their pleasure and express
ed their thanks In language which only
a .trip to Asti would supply. .
Before leaving the grounds each vis
itor was presented with a bottle of
wine by the management of the winery.
Jollification followed the entire party
on the return trip and at the ferry
the delegates separated to prepare for
the evening at the Chutes.
DELEGATES ATTEND CHUTES.
Even though two excursions were
attended during the day, delegate after
delegate, accompanied by tastefully
gowned ladies, appeared at the Chutes
and applauded the regular programme
and the special stereopticon views and
lecture by a representative of a me
chanical device to curtail grocers' la
bors. Some 200 seats had been re
served in the boxes for the delegates
and their ladies and not a seat was
vacant, although Asti's exhilarating
influence had been encountered dur
ing the day and the beauties of Ala
meda County had been absorbed.
The delegates were there for the
fun they could have, and they took ad
vantage of the opportunity to applaud
any tip from the stage which had the
least touch of the grocery business in
the repartee.
The illustrated lecture was a matter
which appealed to the sterner sex, for
it portrayed how the pennies might be
saved and eventually accumulate into
dollars. Though the ladies accom
panying the delegates as wives, moth
ers and sweethearts like to know that
their husbands, sons and expectant
husbands have the coin, they do not
see the necessity of displaying upon
canvas the methods by which that
money is accumulated. Nevertheless
the show was heartily appreciated by
the visitors and they left with that
"tired feeling" from their hard day's
rest.
This morning the delegates will get
down to business and if possible close
up the work of their seventh annual
session.
If the work can be brought to such
a condition as is contemplated the
; election of officers will occur this
morning instead of this afternoon, and
friends of Charles A. Lott of Chicago
Speech followed speech, P. C. Rossi.
R. X. Ryan, President Lott. Secretary
Fred Mason, Joseph Stultz, Past Presi
dent Scherer, William Gray of New
York, Vice President Farlinger and
Delegate Nesbitt of Australia, speaking
in the order named.
A call was made for "Dixie." Miss
Blanche Chenault of Little Rock was
assisted to the top of one of the long
tables and in a clear voice sang that
air so popular in the South, and the
delegates joined in the chorus. Every
body sang "America" as the call was
sounded for the return trip.
Andrea Sbarboro extended to the
guests the official welcome of the Asti
corporation, of which he is the presi
dent, and stated that he was proud of
the fact that twenty-three years ago
he was a grocer's clerk and that the
national association of that callirtg
were there assembled. All were re
quested to throw care to the winds and
enjoy themselves to the utmost. They
did.
Having viewed all the Bights th«s
guests were invited to the "Arbor,"
where refreshments were served in true
California style. Fully an hour was
consumed and eatables of all charac
ters, from chicken to ham and olives
to oranges, went with the time. Then
came the flow of souls from the in
spiring of wjtrming wines, and ere the
whistle sounded the call for departure
the National Retail Grocers had added
their testimony to the character of Cal
ifornia's hospitality.
Daniel F. Keefe acted as master of
ceremonies. In assuming that Impor
tant position, he bid the guests wel
come to Sonoma County in the name
of the Asti corporation and told how
the convention at Kansas City- last
year had consented to come to Cali
fornia and accept of the hospitality
of the Golden West as he had pictured
it at that time. He felt sure that the
delegates and their ladies who were in
sound of his voice could certify ta the
fact that that promise had been ful
filled. The speaker's remarks needed
no further indorsement than the ap
plause which greeted the statement.
OFFICIAIj \VEL«OOME.
swered by the attendants. The 272
guests were divided into two parties
and taken through the entire plant and
shown the greatest wine tanks in the
ITnited States. In one of the basements,
Where the wine is placed in casks for
shipment, glasses of the different bev
erages were handed to each guest to
sample and from the way the retail
grocers smacked their lips as they sip
ped the nectar the Asti wines will have
a heavy demand at the banquet to
night.
President Lott is not a candidate for
re-election in the sense of personally
desiring the office, and up to last night
had importuned his friends not to ad
vance his name as a candidate.
If Mr. Lott's name is sprung oi\ the
convention for re-election it will have
a strong following, but the unwritten
law of the association will mean the
election of A. W. Farlinger of At
lanta, Ga. ' '..-¦
An important change was decided
upon yesterday, and that Is In re
gard ,to the banauet to be held to
night. It was intended to give the
ladies a separate room for the enjoy
ment of a menu to be served them
exclusively, while the masculine por
tion of the convention was to have a
bachelor-like time in the adjoining
gallery. That plan is all changed. The
ladies will be seated at the same
tables as their husbands and escorts
and the bachelor plan has gone glim
mering.
The original programme for to-day
is as follows:
Report of committee on' resolutions; reports
of the committees; ehcrt addresses by editors
of grocery papers; open discussions of Fame
are Invited. Afternoon session, 2 p. m. — Flx
lm? the per capita tax; election of officers; se
lection of next mretlnfc place; final report of
committee on resolutions; adjournment.
LOTT NOT A CANDIDATE.
will endeavor to re-elect him presi
dent of the organization.
Delegates to iNational Convention Divide Their Force
Into Two Parties and Visit Italian-Swiss Colony and
Varied Sights Throughout the Cities of Alameda County
RETAIL GROCERS THROW CARE AWAY
TO ACCEPT CALIFORNIA FRIENDSHIP
CALL subscribers' contemplatlnr •>
change of residence during- the summer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify
ing 1 . THE -' CALL » Business Office. ' This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts end Is represented , by » local
scent -In all towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS KEAVIXG TOWN
B'V;--' FOR THE SUMMER.
Thomas Turner, charged with as
sault to murder, was convicted In
Judge Dunne's court yesterday on a
charge of assault with a deadly wea
pon and will, be sentenced on May 11.
He is 62 years of age and claimed that
he was drunk at the time of the com
mission of the offense. : He stabbed
Bernard Hansen in the abdomen at
the Sailors' Home on the night of Jan
uary 1. .
Turner la Convicted.
, Many wholesale firms of this city
have gone to great expense in fitting
up their booths in the pavilion. The
different food stuffs that they display
arc arranged so as to interest any one
who may visit the^big exposition. Vis
itors to the display can get samples
enough with which to start housekeep
ing. The wholesale merchants desire
to place their goods before the public
and spare, no expense in .the way of
distributing samples and reading mat
ter regarding their products.
The committee in charge of the ex
position has arranged a series of nights
during which different clubs and so
cieties of this city will be made the
guests of honor. They have planned
the list of nights so -thoroughly that
even the'Chinese residents will be given
an opportunity, to, visit the • exposition.
Monday afternoon., and evening have
been set aside for the Chinese and un
der the direction of the Six Companies
they will attend -the exposition in a
body. ' . ; J,, . . , . :" •
The Olympic Club will be the guests
of .the retail grocers next Friday even-
Ing/ 7 special - programmes having been
arranged' for that night. A German
and an Irish night will : be arranged
later, by the management. .
Other special- nights will be set ? and
an Interesting programme ¦will be given
during the afternoons and evenings.
The committee in charge of the ex
position said last night that the dis
play being made by the different whole
sale firms has become so popular that
the date for the closing of the exposi
tion may be extended beyond the time
limit' originally set.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1004.
7
BRING YOUR WAXT AD .
THURSDAY. FRIDAY OR
SATURDAY.
Classified Advertisers in Next .
SUNDAY CALL RECEIVE ¦¦'¦'''¦
FREE — FREE— FREE
THE SIX-IN-ONE ICE PICK.
Cracks Ice on Scientific
Principles.
IT SETTLES AN ANNOYING
HOUSEHOLD PROBLEM.
Sec Ad on Classified Page.
ACTIlnJ A To Bt * jr C""**- Cause re-
f\ >i I |1 t\ moved. Health restored.
r%XJ ¦ ¦ ¦•» IA-tNo more Asthma or Hay
itUKLU *• «"*?"> -HATES,
Buffalo, N. X.
The best coffee anywhere at any price
is Hills Bro".' Arabian Roast Coffee.*
ADVEBTISEMENTB.
f ' ' \ - -" :' :
More people have been benefited by
a sojourn at Bartlett Springs than at
any other mineral '. springs, resort: on
the coast.- .'
A resident physician looks after the
health of the guests.
A general manager of amusements
Is in charge of the social department.
An old and reliable hunter and his
dogs for the use of- those who enjoy
hunting.
Competent .'masseurs in charge of
the baths.
- A good table, and all kinds of
amusements.
Rates— Hotel. 812. OO to S1T.5O
per week; Housekeeping Cottages,
?3.00 to 81 B.00 a week.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bartlett
Springs, Cal.. or call at 2 Sutter st.,
San Francisco.
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs San Ll £. 0blspo '
The most ideal resort for pleasure and
health on tht Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. San Luis
Obtspo, Cal.. and return. Including stage
to and from 'springs and one week's
board for 82O.OO to 922.OO, according
to location of rooms, or board and acora-
mcdations 91MM) to $12.00 per week.
Scenic surroundings, free bathing,
boayng and fls'.-.ltic on grounds. Fine
cliauy walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Hulphur Springe.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Qas
throughout buildings and grounds. - Our
[ table is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stace meets trains
arriving at .San Luis Obispo at 3:15 v. txu
every day (except Sunday).
This is no hospital or sanatorium.
r\t/ ft f>f\t\ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
IjA/l IJLJO COUNTY; only 4*4 hours
wm* « w w ¦w from gan Francisco and
; tmm^^^^^^m^m^^ j )Ut g miles Staging: wa-
1 tors noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath ln State: boating and
swimming in Warm Spring Creek: good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and San Francisco roornlnc and evening
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
: round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tlburon ferry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine, years. Patronage of
lft(X5 unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation' Bureau, 11 Montgomery St., or of
J. F. MULOREW. Skaggs. Cal.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, fishing,
i boat Inp. launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser in bathhouse, j club-
house, etc.. Increased accommodations, mod-
ern conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed. Table
a specialty. Rates per week. $10 to $15. Photos
and Information at Chatfleld & Vlnzent's. 228
Montgomery St., or Capt. F. "W. CLOUGH,
prop.. Soda Bay, Kelseyville, P. O., Lake Co.,
Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Extensive Improvements this year. A new
spring found which will effect more cures ln a
day than tbe other waters ln a week; 15 miner-
al springs. "We guarantee cure for dyspepsia,
kidney, liver, stomach, rheumatism, blood, skin
diseases, etc. $10 to $16 per week. Information
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.. or J. MAR-
TENS. Batchelor P. P.. Lake County, Cal.
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
Under new management. Up to date. Beau,
tllul grounds. Running stream and pond with
good fishing. Playgrounds for children. Free
carriage meets all trains. J. D. CELLA. Mgr.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing: boats: excellent table; ciimate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee, In an unbroken
forest. Information at Traveler office, So Mont-
gomery street, or MRS. II. M. CLEMON&
Truckte. Cal. ' *',...
VICHY SPRINGS
Three miles from Uklah, Mendocino County.
Natural electric waters, chamoajrne baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing "and hunting; crystal
cpring; accommodations and table first class.
J. A. REDEMEYER. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. Two miles from Hopland.
.Vine medVclnal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Ratea $10 to $12 per week.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beiwlck, Slsklyou County, California... i "--I
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
VEDfiCHEIM Delightfully situated in the
DLtvUjIIEIiU Santa Cruz Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $8 per week. For circulars address O.
F. BIEDENT7EO, R. D. 121. Santa Cruz. Cat
CAZADERO
The Oexat of All 21 orthern Jtetreat*.
Grove. 5"ores1* OUde and Dell.
Crest. Canyoa. Hill and Sal*.
Knoll, Knob, Peak and Mountain.
The home of the trout and tbe haunt of ths
deer. Reached over the North Shore Ry., via
Sausallto Ferry.
A year ago I Ieaoed this resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure to
tell you that, owing to last season's btg and
¦unprecedented patronage. 1 have purchased this
magnificent domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop,
ertigs. Insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley has
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
Ing and bathing on the river, all tree to guests.
FTee camping-grounds ln the Cazadero ¦ giant
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rules mu3fbe complied with.
Lots, one-quarter acre, for sale, from $10O
up. and cottages built to suit at city figures.
Take Sausallto Ferry via Ncrth Shore Rail-
road. Round trip. g*ood for six months. $3 "5.
Round trip. Friday till Monday. $3; no stag-
Ing: depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages. $2 per day; flO to 114 per week; spe-
cial rate by the month.
For particulars other than herein given writ*
J. J. .TH1RION. owner and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero. Sonoma Co.. Cal.. or North Shore
R. R. office, 626 Market St.. San Francisco,
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under- canvas on the Russian River
below Gnernevllle In a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 4O new
boats: will build a dam In the river; 4 mile*
of smooth water for boating and bathing.
Adults 12 per day, $10 per week; children
under ID half rates. Special rates for fami-
lies. Cf »ns May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CSO-
PIUS. Camp Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County. Cal.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAJN9 BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Cruz County.
REGULAR SEASON.
'Will open May 15th under entirely new man>
agement. Round 'rip ticket* from San KYei-
Cisco $3.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureaj.
11 Montgomery st., S. F., or to WILLIAM Km,
DODGE. Lessee. •
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America. The only lake-
resort that has its own mineral springs. Boat-
Ing, swimming, fishing and hunting. EDGAR
DURNAN. sole ¦ proprietor. Laurel Dell P.- O..
Lake County. Cal.
OwiSimer Homa 5 feSSfc* Gafflii' Matter
Pure water, equable climate, lota selling $10
up: cottagea built by Meeker. $50 up; depot;
stores: restaurant: hotel; post and exprcs*;
telephone: sawmill; 900 lots sold: 300 cottage*
built. Sausalito ferry. N. S. R. R. M. C
MEEKER, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County. -
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health 'and ptetsure
resort la now ooen for the patronage of ta«
public. Address JOHN JACOBS.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively Improved since last season.
Opens April 1. THOS. L. BELL. Mgr.. Felton.
CaL Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gaugs.
foot of Market street. Round trip. $3.00.
LOS GATOS.
HOTEL LYNDON — Modern ¦ improvements,
extensive grounds; popular amusements; 1a»a
tennis, croquet; climate unsurpassed. Opposit*
depot. J. P.' MOGENSON. Prop.
V. 8. B. B. TOCALOMfl Maria C».
Bertrand -Hotel; first-class accommodations;
special rates for families and parties; fishing.
hunting- boating.- bathing; beautiful drives fa
Bear Valley; telephone. JOSEPH F. BEH-
TRAND. or Bulletin Office, every Thursday. 3
to 4 p. m.
PZSCA9EBO.
Swanton House, under new management,
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebble
beach, fishing, hunting, sea bathlnc. Phone.
Rates. $8 and $10 per " week. G. C. LUCE.
Proprietor. ¦ ¦ • -
LrWDNXB'S PASS, CrnerneviUs. ,>
A resort for your family. Partly furntshtd
cottages, $12 per month and up. Tests and
platforms. Near Russian River. Board - and
room at $7 50 per week. See PECK"S. 11
Montgomery st. '
HARBIN SPRINGS — Most desirable In Lake
Co.; contain sulphur. Iron, magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, paralysis, dropsy, kidney, liver ¦ and
stomach troubles; new gymnasium, bowling
alley, handball court and billiard room. -Round*
trip tickets. S. P. office. $8. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
MOTJHTAXH VIEW BA2JCH SOTXZi
.and cottages, in tbe mountains, near Sam*
Cruz. First-class table and accom.. gas. baths,
phone, dally ¦ mail bowling. . croquet, amuse-
ments; terms. $9 up. Campers to Glenwood. Inc.
carriage, $C 75 round trip. FRANK R. DAXN.
Santa Cruz. Fredertcksen & Sutton. Managers.
OCCTDEXTAZ. HOTEL, KATWAJ6OS,
First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowlln?,
amusement hall. etc. Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDARD. Prop.. phoM
Black 141. ' .-•••¦¦
BEDWOO9 THU 1UE30XT.
Excellent board, home cooking; i«nt ground.
if desired, with board. $9. Room and board' $S
to $10. Best hunting and fishing. MRS. A. L.
ACKERMAN. La Honda, San Mateo County.
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully .located in
redwoods 5 miles from Santa Cruz. Spring
water, fruit, milk, excellent table; daily: mall;
free conveyance: $7 week; phone Suburban S7.
MRS. W. CRANDELL. Santa Cru». Cal. .
BSX&SVUJB HOTEL, £1 Veraao. So-
noma Co.. Cal Terms. $1 day and up; Rot
mineral springs near by. Long ' distance tele-
phone; daily mail. JOHN SERRE3. Proprietor.
WHY NOT TRY
I-JighlaQd
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE
Spripgs
W E OFFER TOU THE BEST OF MINERAL
• » waters, accommodations and service.
Table unsurpassed. Room* hard finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All the popular sports and amusements. Liv-
ery, telephone and postoffice.
Shortest route and cheapest fare to Lake
County. Most centrally situated. "Delightful
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now.
TERMS— $10 to $17 50 per week. For Book-
let, etc.. call on our agent. H. R. DUFFIN.
638 Market^street. or address
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs, CSX
VACATION 1904
IS NOW READY TOR DISTBIBDTION.
VACATION" is issued an-
nually by the < '
California Northwestern R'y
TEE FIOTCRSSQUI BOUTE 07 OALITOK.HU
and Is the standard publication
on the Pacific Coast for informa-
tion regarding
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS,
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING spots.
This year's edition. '"Vacation
1904," contains over 150 pases,
beautifully illustrated. " and la
complete ln Its detailed informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc., with
ierma from $7.00 per week up.
To b« had at Ticket Offices. 6SO Market
Street (Chronicle Building), and Tiburon Ferry,
foot of Market Street; General Office. Mutual
Life Building, corner of Sansome and California
Streets, San Francisco; in Oakland at 372
Broadway.
Application* by Mall Will SeoelT* Im-
mediate Beipon««.
H. C. WHITING. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Gen'l Pasa'r Agent-
hC AMP ' CURRY;
\ Opens May 7. ;
j YOSEMITE j
SEIGLER Springs
Natural Hot Baths. Positive cure for rheu-
matism, asthma. Wonderful waters for liver,
kidney and all stomach troubles.. Swimming
.pond, gymnasium. Orchestra. ' Hard-finished
rooms. Fare $9 return trip. Electric lights.
Arsenic beauty baths. Dairy. Rates SJO to $12
per week. Baths and amusements free. Address
H.,H. McGowan. prop., Selgler. Lake Co.. Cal.
LAKEPORT AND BAKTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE^ — Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at 12:3U-
arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-passenger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart.
lett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line* Tickets can be purchased at office
of California N. "W. Ry.. 650 Market St.. or
at Tlburon ferry.
MILLER * HOWARD. Props.
white stniPHtra springs, vallejo,
Cal. — Most accessible springs to San Francisco;
round trip 51. no stage fare; only 2>J hours*
rider 5 miles from Vallejo: hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lake
for boating and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowling alley and shuffle board. Rates,
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
OBAKO CXSHTXA& MOTXHj.
Felton. CaL Rates reasonable.
MRS. I. N. HATES.
SCEAXFEB'S OEO7E- XOSS VALLEY.
Private boarding; terms reasonable. Team
meets Sunday morning trains. Address MRS.
MATT LINDSAY. Ross Station.
ADVEBTISF.TffT.NT3t
LMiller & Sons. 153 Crosby 5t NY
"*9U^^^^B Js»«£MF*^* ***^PS VST \ f^jsj3sls»'asiissSuss»»'-s»^r^Zl^S^Jfcl^^J^L^^^'S^s»^lS5Hl^s^sJw Inss^^^^sT^MK^^s^^^^^ 5~*m • ' lf"i llMsW
the Geysers
T1i« Most Famous Health ul Pleasure
Sesort la California.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
paesed and tbe waters are acknowledged the
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hararaan baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating;, bunting-, flsblnc.
dancing,- shufa--bo8rd, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES, have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year. '
There will be a fully equipped dairy and !!?-
ery stable ln connection with the hotel. The
hotel. - cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will bo supplied with the beet the
market affords. Rates. $10. $12. $14 and $18
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRY, Prop. The Geysers,
Sonoma County, California.
Agua Caliente
Springs
TVe have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
Ban Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare $1 10; sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank in the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per da>. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and balf rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agna Caliente
Springe, Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can reat 400 guests.
JplI^ 5a&\ Jose
Jf**fswjSFKr Pitu^t'd In Vendome Fark
fewMSSsj of 12 acres, a oharmlnR
_!p— "JSiis^ 1 mmmer resxjrt: both city
j and country advantages;
automobile garage on the grounds
free to guests. Bathing pavilion,
bowling alleys, tennis, etc. New auto
read ni3p of the county mailed on
application. i
J. T. BROOKS, Manager.
iis>>.^**'*' <fc ' < * - ,«»»,
Ideal summer resort, hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O WEISMAN. Mldlake P. O.. Lake county, Cat".,
or call on Dr. Happersberger.1104 Market. S. F.
PARAISO SPRINGS
California.
The leading summer resort of Cali-
fornia.. Hot soda and sulphur baths.
Excellent table. Concert by Bro-
haska's Band every day. Send for
beautiful booklet and rates to
P. W. SCHBOEPEB. Mgr.
PJARK 1JEST
luff! MRS - c - »»H CDDIWPC
B « B JDERQENSEN |3 M OrillllUd
Will manage the springs; many improvements;
new cement bathhousn and gas all over place:
$2 day: $12 week. Office 918 Larkln St., or
Mark West Springs, Santa Rosa. Rural No. 8.
LAKE COUNTY
New, ' comfortable carriages direct to the
mest picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line m the State. Leaves Calls-
toga dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m.,
direct to Harbin, Selgler, Adams, Howard. An-
derson, Hobergs, Spiers, Astorg9 and Glenbrook;
half hour for lunch at Callstoga; also to Mid-
dletown. Lower Lake, Kelseyville and Lakeport.
Livery in connection. WM. SPIERS. Prop.
HTENTS
Awning**, Bammooki,
W. A. PIiUmtEK.
ill Tel. Main 549. Ill CTay st.
JOHANNISBBRG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
ing; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURG JR., Prop.. Oakvllle, ¦ Napa Co., or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively Improved; 1900 feet altitude: no
fog; climate delightful r large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot, cold baths: spring water; cement
swimming tank. 40xS0. Rates JS week up; atage
meets train. Schuler & Scheben, Napa, Cal.
flOWELL MT., WOODWORTB'S f,% &
No fog. Purest spring water. Climate natural
tonic and (nvigorator. Residence 29* years. $7
per week. Woodworth & Muller. St.HeIena.Cal.
fiiiinyadijknos
n ffX \ -T !¦ r^9 NAilinAI.
* * fVi SxL LAXATIVE
B >3flK| HUNYADI ONLY,
I i||B HUNYADI JANOS,
fj E^pL^ THt ORIGINAL,
II Nff TT" 11 - AND RCLIABLC
B It I FflfwA HUNGARIAN
fj Is Always Reliable for
[constipation
Jt's a Case of War
.Between hirh ar.d low prices and hlcn
; elect and Inferior laundry work. Our
' prices are low, our work superior In
folor and finish. VVe can knock out any
- cf our competitors la artistic work and
. prices. When you wish genuine satis-
faction In tho laundering of your linen
"brffc* It to the United States Laundry.
'No saw edffes.
UNITED STATES LAVNDBY,
: '*. ! 1004 XABXZT STREET.
.- Telephone South 420.
ijliPLMLi MEN AND WDM EH.
'-'C'aWiH^lT' fc^SH C»< B!r «forcnBt.tur»l
'mSBrtii 1 »i * *Tn\3 dl»chs,rfei,UC»-niBaatlosi,
" SSm (umM H irritations or clcentioai
¥}» I ' m» u .trietBM. of ducooi n>tn.fcr»t*».
B— '.< f/n«ib c«u<tw. Ptlo'.M . and Dot utrin-
gTilTHC inn &XV Kti Ct. t t»t or poUonoog.
YOfjA UHiKUTl,t BKl ««I« *>T *>r«r*lsU,
t.i.1. ZEST OT » ent ln *' i!b * T *VV*t-
jrfjKBbw by azprao. prepaid, fo*
YHBtaRBQFf tlso. or 1 bottle. t2.7».
:•" ><£r1*Sgyw U Circular MCt on tMCMt
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
. t and Price Lists ftallai
p . en Application.
FEES X A2TD SAX.T KEATS.
: IAS RfiVFS tv Ct\ ShJppin*" Butchers. IDS
JA3. DuICj C HI. Cliy. T«l. Msin 12M
OILS.
LUBRICATIiCa OILS: LEONARD A KL.LI3.
. «I« Front «U S. T. Phone MsJn 1711.
; pxnrroro.
F f Kf'fiRTS ¦ PROCTER.
U L. btUUlA - - HI fitsseme it- S. V.CIRCULATION — Subscriber. City.
From the report of the United States
secretary of the Treasury it appears
that in IS 60 the circulation of coin
and paper money in the Unitpd States,
with a population of 31.443.221. waa
$13 S5 per capita. In 1S33. with a
population estimated at S0.4S7.000. it
was $2» 42 per capita.
Several weeks have passed since any attempt has been
made by anybody to break out of the County Jail. This
concession on the part of the interesting beings there
confined should be highly appreciated by the officers in
charge. A serious effort to get but of the ruin would be
disastrous to our reputation as a city able to confine its
offenders.
MILLS OF THE GODS — Subscriber.
City. "The mills of the gods." as it
Is often printed. Is from Longfellow's
"Retribution." The full and correct
quotation is:
Though U» mills cf God Rrtad «low!y. yel
they cr;r. '. «x>.e«\!ia£ araall'
TtcMcJ* »lti» patl«Rc« t* stands waitla*. wits
exactness rrlr.tia h«« an.
A girl, innocent of offense, was arrested without cause
a few days since and submitted to the humiliation and
degradation of an . appearance in one of our police
courts. The peace officer guilty of this outrage has given
proof of an incompetency that^ makes him a positive
menace to any neighborhood in which, by the mistaken
confidence of his superiors, he may operate.
LICENSE— H. S.. City. The de
cision rendered by the Supreme Court
of the United States in IS $7 exempting
certain Individuals from paying a
license refers only to drummers ar.l
agents who sell goods by sample a:;i
not to peddlers, who go from hous-j
to house and deliver the goods a9 th-»v
sell them.
Every person in California who takes pride in the
progress and prosperity' of the State and contributes
what he may to her advancement has reason for con
gratulation in the display that has been made at the St.
Louis Exposition. We have been exploited there as we
would have the world know us. Let nothing be left un
done to secure the greatest possible attendance in the
California building during the life of the fair.
PROGRAMME — M. T. E.. City. Pro
gramme is derived from programma.
a Greek word meaning a law proposed
to be adopted by the Athenian Senate,
but which was exposed on a tablet for
inspection before being proposed to
the general assembly of the people, as
confirmation of law.
The difficulties of the transportation
problem in New York City are increas
ed by the fact that the major part of
1000 r>ersons must be moved one way
in the early part of # the business day
and. In the opposite direction at its
close. Besides, the operation of the
surface roads is constantly interrupted
by the blockades created in the busi
ness Quarters by leaded trucks and
other vehicles employed in the handling
of merchandise. The growth of the
local passenger traffic o« New York Is
The rapid transit subway In New
York, begun four years ago and involv
ing an outlay of $35,000,000, is nearing
the finish and will be opened for busi
ness early next fall. When first pro
jected it was thought to afford ample
means of transit from the Battery to
Harlem River and relieve the conges
tion of the lower district of the city.
Yet so steady has the congestion grown
that another and vastly more extensive
underground road is to be undertaken
at an estimated cost of JSO.OQO.OOO. The
Mayor has approved all the bills neces
sary to carry on the work and plans
and specifications are being prepared.
The new subway will be constructed at
a lower level than the one now nearly
completed. At some points in Its course
It will pass under the present. subway.
Where it crosses the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company's tunnel It will pass
over it. It will be constructed, how
ever, without disturbing the surface
traffic, as the present subway has been
doing; and as it will be excavated at
a much lower depth In the formation
cf Manhattan Island, It is not liable to
disturb the foundations or imperil any
of the large buildings erected on the
route, which was one of the main diffi
culties that had to be overcome in the
present subway.
Nezv York's Subway.
HOLOGRAPHIC WILL — N.. Win
ters. Cal. A holographic will Is ona
wholly in the handwriting of the tes
tator. It does not have to be witness
ed. Such a will is valid in California.
SCHOOL VACATION — Constant
Reader, City. The summer school va
cation in San Francisco, during the
current year, will commence on June
10 and continue for six weeks.
r Anszvers to Queries.
CRIBBAGE — Subscriber. City. In
cribbage four fours and a seven count
twenty-four.
WE recently commented upon the report of Ger
man climatologists in which the effect of for
ests upon climate was greatly minimized. The
report appeared to be .1 complete reversal of the conclu
sions heretofore reached by foresters in this country and
in Europe. The observations of the Germans appear to
have included temperature only, and temperature is un
doubtedly an important element in climate. We dis
trusted tbe utility of generalizing from the facts of the
report, since the observations in a country like German}'
might not apply to other regions, differing in topog
raphy, extent and important physical conditions. For
esters base their claims upon the function of forests in
controlling: the penetration of the soil by water, and its
slower delivery into streams and drainage channels.
Foresters in this country and Europe have demon
strated the more constant humidity in forests due to
slower evaporation. Trees protect the soil from the
evaporative effect of the winds. The wind break of
trees is of great importance in all arid and semi-arid re
gions. Its importance on the plains in the great valley
of California is not to be over-estimated. If fields and
orchards are protected against our desiccating north
wind by frequent and dense wind breaks of forest trees
its often distressing effects will be much, mitigated.
In France observations of the, effect of forest upon
evaporation have been carried on for a third of a cen
tury, and have recently been collected and published by
M. Raoul de Drouin de Bouville, in his "Observation de
MetcoroioRic Forestiere." His summary is that during
the months of November, March and April, for which
data are available for ihc entire time covered by the re
port, the evaporation on open ground was twice as great
as in the forest. During the summer months the differ
ence is greater, owing to the presence of foliage in the
deciduous forests. Outside and inside the forests the
proportion of evaporation is, in May, 3 to 1; in June,
July and August, 5 to 1; in September, 4 to 1, and in
Where snow fall occurs the forest protection from
wind and the leaf litter cause a slower melting and the
water goes into the ground. Another interesting thing
observed is that in forests less moisture reaches the
ground because it is interrupted by the forest cover, and
an appreciable percentage is arrested by the limbs and
foliage. But this in turn preserves the equilibrium of
moisture between the atmosphere and the soil surface
and retards evaporation. •
The observations of M. de Bouville are supplemented
by those of American foresters. In the bulletins of the
Bureau of Forestry of the Agricultural Department at
Washington, it is shown that in the formerly wooded
sections of the upper Mississippi Valley the crust of the
earth is drying out, though the actual rainfall remains
the same. The foresters report that while it cannot be
safely asserted that forest destruction has produced any
diminution in the annual rainfall, the amount of -water
which finds its* way into the streams — that is the rainfall
minus the evaporation — is less than when primeval- for
est conditions were undisturbed.
The power of the soil to hoid and store water ' has
been greatly impaired by destruction of the forests.
This causes a more rapid run-off and great fluctuation
in the flow of streams, alternating between destructive
floods and a very small flow or none at all. The streams
hecome torrential. Their channels become narrower
and deeper and the water they carry loses its value for
any economic use. These evils are not due to any lack
of rainfall, but to destruction of the storage capacity of
There triumped He, our conqueror and
king.
Who won for us, and made all earth
his prize:
Who gave his life for victory over death.
Who fell that mankind evermore
should rise.
TUDOR JENKS, in the Century.
There was the battle waged, the victory
won.
That conquered conquerors, that high
above
All greatness, glory, power and all law
Forever fixed the empery of love.
Alone against a world the leader stood —
Alone where ages met the parting
ways.
To guide aright whoever seeks the light.
To shame from wrong with level, lov
ing gaze.
There rode no hosts, led on by warrior
kings;
No trumpets sang; there waved no
banners gay;
No fierce assaults nor routed quick re
treats.
But silent hours wore out the night,
the day. f
One lonely figure, robed in ashen gray.
Whose patient eyes saw nothing 1 , see
ins all:
Nor marked the shadows* slow-revolving
course.
The flush of dawn, the purple dark
ness' fall.
herb;
A waste of sand where splintered
rocks lay dead.
Where rivulets flowed not. nor flowers
swayed —
And smiting rays fell from the sun
o'erhead.
A desert place where grew no kindly
The Battlefield.
FORESTS AND CLIMATE.
The marshals appointed by the Board of Education to
secure a census of the school children of this city com
plain that unusual difficulty attends their task because
of the law requiring signatures of parents. It should be
emphasized at once that no difficulty will be permitted
tOi interfere with sa important a service as this to San
Francisco. The public. schools need all the money they
can secure. and no dereliction on the part of the officials
should reduce the sum. ..
AT a meeting in Epworth Hall on Monday, crowded
with eminent people from all parts of the, world,
who had come here to attend the missionary con
vention of the Methodist Episcopal church, the Rev.
George B. Smyth, D.D., chairman of the executive com
mittee, took occasion to make some very pointed re
marks on the manner in which the press handled the
news of the big convention. He said:
"All have worked nobly and unselfishly toward the
success attained and we arc deeply indebted to the San
Francisco Call for the generous manner it has given its
valuable space for the publication of the important
matters which have come before the great missionary
convention. The Call has done well by us indeed, arid I
cannot understand why it is that all the press has not
shown the same .appreciation of the presence in San
Francisco of men of world-wide importance, men from
afar over the seas, from India and Africa, from China
and Japan, from- Korea and other parts. When so dis
tinguished a people come to our State, what better means
of advertising could we have? Tf^The Call then I pro
pose a vote of thanks and to the editors personally."
Why should not all the press, if united as it should
be on every proposition relating to this city's interests,
properly recognize the presence here of such eminent
gentlemen as those comprising the convention? What
better opportunity could San Francisco have to spread a
knowledge of her advantages to the ends of the earth
than to send away as her emissaries people so distin
guished in letters and in the high calling of the church?
This city has been trying to establish a reputation as a
convention city, and has been so far largely successful.
If the treatment of convention news by the press be
half-hearted, what encouragement is there for other or
ganizations to meet here in the future? This paper
neither courts nor expects compliments for doing its
obvious duty in printing the news. It simply gave to
the missionary convention the news space it merited.
Here was an illustration where, instead of sending out
agents to tell of our advantages, men of the highest cul
ture and intelligence came to us to be impressed by the
object lessons here shown. If, instead of taking advan
tage of such a chance for the dissemination of a knowl
edge of this city and State, we accept everything with
out recognition, what can be expected in return? We
have many associations striving for the city's advance
ment and the press should do its share. To a certain ex
tent it is the mouthpiece of the people, and if it speak
not in welcome, our boasted Western hospitality will
not count for much. With The Call singled out from
among the five daily papers of this city as the only one
officially recognized for having done what it should do
in ordinary courtesy, it is hardly to be expected, to say
the least, that the 4000 people attendant upon the mis
sionary convention will return to their homes tingling
with pleasure because of San Francisco's hospitality.
THE DUTY OF THE PRESS.
A suggestion has been made^ that the United States
take the initiative in creating an international congress
to discuss the possibility of arbitration and perhaps re
duction of armaments among the great nations of the
world. For reasons, personal, private and imperative, it
is extremely likely that Russia and Japan will plead a
previous engagement.
When Sergeant of Police Michael
Joseph Conboy, known the length and
breadth of San Francisco, gained as
pirations to advancement there was
great ado In the Conboy household.
"Joe." as his familiars style him. went
off watch* one morning and informed
his better half that he purposed to
become a lieutenant; to shake his
non-commissioned chevrons for the
shoulder straps of the higher rank.
# To attain the honor it was neces
sary for the ambitious sergeant to
pass an examination under the law of
municipal charter. That did not
feaze "Joe," but it caused ructions at
home.
One morning a friend of the Con
boys called. Mrs. Conboy went to the
door.
"Is 'Joe' at home?" was the query.
"Don't speak a word," whispered
the lady of the house.
"Don't breathe." she insisted.
"What's the matter?" demanded the
puzzled visitor.
"We can't talk. We can't do any
thing but walk on our tiptoes." ex
plained Mrs. Conboy. " "Joe's* up
stairs studying grammar, geography
and heaven only knows what for his
examination. Since he began we can
only think we are alive. We all feel
as if we were neighbors to a ceme
tery."
Nevertheless "Joe" won the shoul
der straps.
The Great Calm.
! The tragedy which deprived the Em
peror of Korea of his Queen occurred
less than ten years ago. She was saM
to be much stronger mentally than h«r
espoused lord, and to control his acts.
One night, according to the. story that
is tuld among the Europeans in the
Korean capital, a Japanese girl, who
had been employed in the court, con
ducted a band of murderers, said to
represent Japanese interests, through
the labyrinth of paths, lanes and one
story structures which comprise the
buildings on the palace grounds to an
unostentatious pavilion. Here, remote
from the entrance and close to the
outer wall, the Queen and some of lu*r
ladles were found and foully murdered.
In a neighboring grove, in the glow of
the early morning sunlight, the physi
cal evidences of the evil deed of the
darkness were wiped out by cremation
— all save a finger of the Queen, which
was formally taken several miles be
yond the city walla and buried. Over
tho slender remnant of the royal lady
was erected a stately pagoda, and be
fore it. on a tablet of stone, are burned
propitiatory offerings to the evil spirits.
"Would one see the spot where the
Queen's life was taken it Is impossible
to enter it. the Korean guard says, and
it is locked and barred, but persua
sion, accompanied by the universal
"passport." will sometimes work won
ders for those who desire to put their
heads inside the one-story pavilion
where the crewsome crime was com
mitted. Before its doors dailv Is
burned Incense by way of propitiating
the evil spirits supposed to be hovering
about.
The silent palace grounds are entered
by way of a great . triple gateway,
guarded by huge stone Korean tigers.
Not through any of these three great
arches, however, enter foreigners, for
these are closed to all except royalty.
A side entrance must serve for Ameri
cana. Far around to the right, past
a band of Korean supernumerary
soldiers, who guard the postern and the
deserted courts within, is the wray they
must take. Leading back from the
inner side of the gate, across the walled
rectangle comprising the deserted pal
ace grounds. Is a wide avenue of stone
guarded by a marble balustrade. On,
the balustrade rise many posts, the top
of each the throne of some carved bird
or beast. Here is a donkey asleep, there
a speechless parrot with closed eyes.
At the end of the avenue rises a triple
tier of marble steps. Beyond this is the
stately pagoda inclosing the kingless
throneroom. Here, amid a forest ot
red pillars,, the diminutive Korean
ruler once sat before that carved screen
on a raised platform of red lacquer.
The palace grounds, which contain
perhaps twenty acres, are covered with
a grove of trees, among which nestle
the various pagodas. Inner intersecting
walla form a labyrinth of sun flecked
courts and streets.— New York Tribune.
Korea's "flaunted Palace.
It Cs to be deplored that thousands of
so-called musicians are nothing morv
«han piano players. Many graduates
of universities and conservatories will
Kit down to a piano and with the ut
most conlMenco "render" one of Mo*
rart's or Beethoven's productions with
out bring able to analyze a single
phrase in the piece. Wonderful tech
nique from a gymnastic point of vle-x!
Yet as barren of feeling and expression
as the I* lay in b of a hand organ.
Who would, undertake to become an
F.ngllsh scholar without first studying
ilie construction of sentences? Yet
many rxprct to become musicians who
cannot tell a musical noun from a mu
sical vrrb, " What would be the thought
Students whose instruction is super
vised by mechanics cannot become mu-
EiclaJis; cannot obtain tufSclent in
*lcht into this .most fascinating of all
t-tudies to see ana appreciate the extent
of its beauty. Yet ail over this country
to-day, in thousands of towns and vil
la prs. as well as in the great cities,
itarcnts and cuardiens are spending
their money for musical instruction of
thl* superficial character. Is it any
vender that under the strain of these
false and dangerous methods new
forms of nervous disease art* appearing
among the young people of the land
who «re being made the victims of the
erase for developing digital gymnasts.
Instead of music students.
Ability to read notes, coupled with a
knowledge of diacritical marks, is not
knowledge of music. The bulk of mu
sical instruction consists of teaching
notation *nd so-called velocity exer
-.>'-.- The science of music is not even
suggest ed. This is not the fault of the
teacher. The teacher teaches as he has
been taught. The fault is indirectly
impotable to the conditions that sur
round the etud7 of music. Young vro
rr.cn finish a course of Instruction along
mech&nical lines in the conservatories
and become xnutic teacher*. They have
D47CT studied harmony, counterpoint or
n % .uslcal form, except, perhaps. In a
«iessltory way. The result is a musical
mechanic.
There is n great army of music teach
ers in the United States engaged in the
instruction of millions of pupils. These
teachers as a class are to be commend
ed as faithful, conscientious workers
within narrow limitations not of their
own making. If they fall far short of
ideal rrsulls in this most important
branch of education the system should
be held accountable. A teacher can
itach no more than he knows.
Jo*cf Hofnmnn, the taiented young
jianist. in criticism of the American
students, recently said: "They prac
tice too much j'.nd study too little." In-
Ftcad of requiring the student to prac
tice h.-'jr after hour a series of mean
ingless exercises, mentally pernicious,
he ehould be taught the use. function
and history of notes, rests, sharps.
fats, lines, staves, clefs, measures.
bar*, scales und other elements of mu
sical notation. The beginner should
attempt to execute nothing which he
has not first mentally assimilated. Thid
Is the correct methmi based upon the
law* of education. If It is faithfully
followed the study of music, which now
possesses absolute terrors for thou
sands of youthful minds, will bo ren
dered attractive, intelligible and val
mbl* beyond measure as a means of
real culture.
The mind cannot be ignored in an at
ttmpt to train the fingers. The mind
of the rousfc teacher cannot reach the
fingers of the student except through
the mind of the student. The fault of
current methods lies in the failure to
tecognizo this simple psychological
principle, it is only another case of
the "carl brfore the horse."
Like spoken language music has it?
alphabet (t>nes), its vocabulary
fcbbrdF). it? parts of speech (nouns.
mljr<tives. verbs and adverbs). Its
pBtXSes and sentences, its motives and
tfi»mes. its accents, cadences and in
flections, its prose and poetry, figures
«>f speech, gramrnar and rhetoric, its
syntactical and idiomatic forms, and
one of the greatest literatures in ex
istence. That the Structure of music
hs a language be mastered in every de
tail is the first essential of artistic ex
•vution on the piano or other Instru
ment.
• lirrars in Music Training.
inr vWcini ucetna quins.
mi:h. i-oe. rii. i>.
<Oir: r!j!.t. !:**. ty -Sch-f* ». BowtaM
The jierlfn tHei.tist who recently
Bounded « note of Warning against the
\UJrfcpread practice of parentn and
tethers In Imposing n«-rv« wrecking
musical exercises on children has
ftyoken none too soon. The evil aimed
nt '.* a. real one. not only In It* bearing
upon the physical well being of the
child, but al?o in Its profound and far
reaching effect u?->n character.
Ths* latest authoritative protest
against the "piactice" required of tr.u
fcit- student* serves but to emphasize
.the slaritiR defect* of in* entire system
of SO-called ••musical education' in
America to-day. It If fundamentally
faulty. Jt fails to recognise the func
tion of the mind, and substitutes a
Jals«- standard of excellence based upon
mere mechanical dexterity. Ordinarily
tho pupil is launched into the »t>a «>f
•Xaujde by bctns required to practice
-finger exercises." This is entirely
v r.'tig. It is like requiring a student
learning a ppoken language to practice
repealing* the words of the languig*
until hf can pronounce thorn very rap-
Idly, but not allowing him to learn
their meaning.
shown in the\ comparative statistics «>f
past years. In 1371 the street and ele
vated railways tarried 108.867,000 pas
sengers; in 1SSJ. 2r.2^(M»,O00; in 1«32. \:,?,.
200,000; In 1S30, 523,228,437; In 1901. 6.V>.
610.433. and it is estimated that it will
approximate 800,000,000 this year.
IT is gratifying to the public that the street carmen
voted 1)3* such a large majority not to strike. To the
public the reasons for a strike and all of its serious
consequences seemed lacking and brought face to face
with the situation the carmen themselves agreed with
the public.
The result demonstrates that a balance has been estab
lished in the community. Organization is not all on one
side. Public opinion is organized, and there is a grow
ing disposition of both parties to a labor dispule to look
on both sides of the issue, and the result is a greater
conservatism. Formerly an unorganized public opinion,
seeing the employer yield, concluded that surrender was
an acknowledgment that he was wrong, when in fact he
surrendered to an unbalanced force. Now that organized
public opinion supplies the balance that was Licking, we
have an industrial equilibrium, in which both parties to
an industrial dispute are more apt to get their rights
because they do not have to surrender them to force.
in these new conditions the sentimental belief that an
employer is always wrong will wear away, and be re
placed by the conviction that a man does not become an
outlaw when his enterprise makes him an employer. In
this better atmosphere labor will be freer than it has
been, and the prompt and reasonable and cheerful de
cision of the carmen will probably mark a new depart
ure in the industrial policy and history of San Francisco,
in which neither employer nor employe will be subject to
the arbitrary will of the other, but each will realize that
there are bounds that he must not pass, for organized
public opinion, the third party, the community, calls a
halt.
The carmen have felt that first of all they are citizens,
and not members of a separate and distinct class to
which the public interest is of no importance. They
have taken good counsel because they took their own,
in good American fashion, and their wisdom is vindi
cated by their decision. The threatened strike has hung
for weeks like a cloud over the immediate future of San
Francisco, but now it has passed, and we enter the activ
ities of the season under an industrial sky that is clearer
than for many years.
In connection with the accomplishment of this happy
result credit is due to Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz, whose
conciliatory energies were given with such marked suc
cess to a peaceable solution of the difficulty that threat
ened so much of discoid, distress and disorder to San
Francisco. At a time when mediation seemed hopeless
Mayor Schmitz submitted his good offices, labored with
both sides in the controversy and assisted in winning not
only for them but for the great third party in interest, the
general public, a signal triumph.
"The boy was right, too." he said.
"When I hunted up the record I found
he was arrested for being out after 8
o'clock, for throwing stones, for play
ing ball in the streets, for breaking a"
window, for jumping on and off cars,
and for almost everything else that a
boy does to bring himself under my
jurisdiction."
The Judge frowned, but it was no
ticed that he quickly covered his
mouth with his hand.
Later, in telling of the incident, the
Judge had a hearty laugh.
"Miscellaneous mischief, sir."
It was only the other day that a
youngster barely 12 years of ago was
before the Judge on a charge of mali
cious mischief. "Well. ¦Willie." said the
Court when the urchin boldly marched
up in response to his name, "What
brings you here?"
The boy hesitated for a moment and
then blurted out:
Judge Murasky has great difficulty at
times maintaining a stern face such as
is necessary during a session of the
Juvenile Court. The urchins that come
before him are, as a rule, street Arabs
with wits sharpened to a degree that
renders them hard subjects to deal
with, and quite frequently .they give
answers to the Judge's questions that
would bring a smile to the face of a
misanthrope and just when the least
semblance of a smile on the face of the
Judge would spoil the good effects of
the Judge's lecture.
Miscellaneous Misch ief.
The importance of music as an in
fluence in our lives cannot be overesti
mated. It Is not only one of the finest
of the fine arts, but one of the most
Important of the liberal arts. Its uni
versality is common knowledge. It Is
seen everywhere in nature— rin the
wind. In the waterfall, the song of the
bird. Its relation to nature is funda
mental. It is more Important than
the plastic arts, architecture, painting
and sculpture, because it represents
life and motion.
The living organism experiences de
light in growth. The right kind of
musical instruction reaches the intel
ligence of the pupil and he is attracted
and Interested by the sensation of
growth from the very beginning. In
teaching the mind the mind teaches
the fingers; no other method of
musical Instruction is rational and no
other method ever was or ever will be
successful.
• • •
Dr. Bartholomew, in his "Relation
of Psychology to Music." say?: "Who
ever you may be, you have the musical
faculty, and you may achieve com
mendable success in the line of your
desires. . Application will tell the
story. • • • Every normal hu
man soul has capacity for learning
arithmetic, history, languages, sciences,
literature, the arts, bu?lness, sten
ography, banking, locomotive engi
neering, typesetting, house-building,
stonecuttlng. etc.. but not every one
may be a master In each of these lines.
So each and every soul has ca
pacity for appreciating and learning
music. • • • The musical faculty
is not an exclusive gift of the favored
few*. Let the mischievous delusion
that hws so long held sway be dispelled
once for all. Musical science and
musical art rest on the same psycho
logic basis ns everything else that may
be learned."
No healthy mind lacks the musical
faculty. It is a great mistake to-as
suaic that because a child shows no
"talent" for music it should be de
prived of the inestimable benefit of
correct teaching in music. If one gen
eration of American children were to be
truly educated in music — were to re
ceive training addressed to the head
instead of to the hand— the benefit to
the nation at large would be Incalcul
able. It would appear in a vastly im
proved physical condition; public and
private morality would be conserved
and penal statistics would show a
gratifying decrease In all forms of
crime. Incidentally one effect would
be that our great permanent orchestras
would no longer face annual deficits
as a result of failure to educate the
musical taste of the public.
iicnlus is defined by ability to create.
Mozart would never have been re
garded as a genius were he not able
to create music; and it was just as
necessary for Mozart to master the
technical elements of music as for any
other person.
There is a prevalent notion that at
times nature casts up out of the sea
of humanity "an indefinable prodigy
known as genius; that these erratic
products can without effort or appli
cation create masterpieces of music,
sculpture, painting or literature, and
that they spring into being intellectual
ly mature, like Minerva, bristling with
armor, from the head" of Jupiter. There
is no greater fallacy. Men are differ
ently endowed with those physical
qualities which make intellect possible,
but, after all, genius Is nothing more
nor less than an intelligent application
of the mental faculties,
Wagner could not have written his"
magnificent music dramas without a
complete and thorough knowledge of
the technicalities of music. Goethe,
than whom there was none better qual
ified to speak, says: "It is precisely
genius that learns the laws of art and
pays them the readiest obedience."
To be nbie to think In music Is the
basis of true culture in music. This
involves ability to hear with the eye
end !o see with the ear. It is not neces
sary to read aloud in order to under
stand English, and any person unable
to put in writing what he hears Is ill
equipped In general culture. That a
different idea ehould prevail when
music is considered surpasses under
standing. It is due to the lack of gen
uine music culture that persons of un
doubted ubility close their minds when
they close their pianos. No person is
worthy of being called a musician until
he can render his thoughts and emo
tions in musical terms. To the musi
cian, the world and its experiences are
simply musical ideas unexpressed. To
acquire facility in transforming
thoughts, reflections, experiences and
emotions into musical terms, it Is
necessary to master ihe technicalities
of music. It is not impossible for any
one to learn this. The impossibilities
lie not in the mind, but in the methods.
Is not the condition of that person to
bo deplored who is able to originate
great ideas, and is yet unable to- ex
press them because he has not master
ed the English language' Full many
an idea in music is allowed to waste
its sweetness on the desert air simply
because the possesso-r is unable to re
duce it to writing. »
• • •
of a person able to read ICnglish Intel
ligently, and yet unable to write it?
The case is Inconceivable. What on<j
can Interpret one can analyse and con
struct; whut one cannot analyze anl
construct one cannot interpret. Thole
is a larpc class of music teachers who
have undertaken the Important task of
educating minds in music who arc* un
able to analyze or phrase a single pe
rlud of a Btandard composition; indeed,
there are many who do not even know
that such composition* have periods or
phrases. Thcso leathers quite natural
ly azaumo that ••playing pieces'.' is the
potr end and nlin of music study. They
have no concept ion of music as a
means of expression, a language. In
the tiuc study of music the instrument
Is a men Incident; "the music itself :&
the essential. In point of fact, it is not
even, nec^jtsnry that' the student havp
en Instrument. The composer, Robert
Schumann, was unable on account of
a deformity of the. hand, to perform on
the i>i;int#. but was able to write some
of its beat music. Berlioz, who wrote,
one of the finest works on instrumen
tation in existence, wok unable to play
anything but a guitar.
the soil. When this process has gone far enough to in
flict serious economic losses the people affected will
probably turn to artificial storage as a remedy. Another,
or a supplemental, remedy is available by planting trees
on all lands that have an agricultural value below their
value as forest tracts. /
Experiment has shown that improved agricultural
processes may increase the storage capacity of tilled
land. The Campbell system is in operation in the dry
region of Western Kansas. It consists in fallowing the
land in rotation. After every rainfall the surface is im
mediately pulverized by alternate harrowing and rolling,
furnishing a mulch which retards evaporation and pre
sents an absorbent surface for the next shower. By this
process all land jthat has a clay subsoil is made a reser
voir for water, and when cropped the stored water
reaches the roots of the crop by capillary attraction.
After many efforts large areas in Western Kansas had
been abandoned as unfit for agriculture on account of
aridity. These are being reoccupied by the Campbell
system and are producing paying crops of all varieties
suited to the region. About ten inches of rainfall is
saved from evaporation and stored in the soil.
It is found that where this system is practiced springs
appear and drainage channels have an increasing and
steady flow. It will be seen that this is a substitute for
forest cover, as far as it affects the moisture of the sub
soil and the run-off of streams. We conclude from all
this that the data of the German 'climatologists wa3 in
sufficient as a premise for the conclusions they reached.
The practical lesson for California farmers on our plains
is to arrest evaporation caused by wind action by plant
ing dense and frequent wind breaks. This is just as es
sential where water for irrigation is plentiful as where
it is scarce, for the sudden evaporation of water from
an irrigated soil leaves it hard, crusty and Unfavorable
for the production of crops.
THE CARMEN'S VOTE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Prnprktor ......... .'Ai&tss AH Commanicatioas to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Ofllco Third and Market Streets, S. P.
THURSDAY....'..... :.f.,. . .77...... MAY s, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY. MAY 5. 1904.
Special Information supplied daily »a
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 23i> Cal-.
ttoraia street. Telephone M?tn 12 it. •
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st. -
This city was the scene recently of a ceremony of ex
ceptional interest. It was a celebration in honor of the
fiftieth anniversary of the organization of one of our pub
lic schools. The fact should be heralded abroad to cor
rect the" stupid impression that we are still a mushroom
in the arts of peace, civilization and education. i "
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8The popularity of the great Floto
shows, now exhibiting at Eleventh and
Market streets, was again manifested
yesterday by two large audiences that
filled the mammoth tent to its capacity.
Unlike the majority of attractions, the
management of the Floto shows is
striving to give .quality rather than
quantity and everything that Is the best
in circusdom has been secured. All
of the acts were received with great
favor and the quartet of trained ele
phants in their initiatory ceremonies
of a candidate into the "Order of Ele
phants" created a sensation. Two per
formances are given daily and the
Bhow closes Sunday night The Ben
Hur herd of Arabian stallions, from
Abdul Hazzar's celebrated stock farm
near Constantinople, are one of the
main features. ,
Large Crowd at Circus.
The citizens of the Precita Valley
district are up in arms against the of
fensive swamps and creeks in their
locality and to-morrow night they will
hold a big mass meeting at Precita
avenue and Folsom street. Steps will
be taken to have the authorities drain
the pools, for lately several persons
have nearly lost their lives in the
sloughs.
The heroism displaj'ed by Miss Viola
Rosenberg, 1515 Treat avenue, last
Sunday -night when she went to the
rescue of Harry and Earl Powell, two
small boys who were nearly drowned
In a swamp at Precita avenue and
Folsom street, .has just been made
public. The lads waded into the
swamp and their cries for aid attract
ed the young woman's attention. She
waded into the pool after them and
was struggling for more than ten min
utes, when she became exhausted and
would probably have been drowned
had not a passerby come to the res
cue of the three just in the nick of
time.
Miss Viola Rosenberg Nearly Drowned
Willie Rescuing Harry and
Earl Powell.
HEROISM OF dRL SAVES
THE LIVES OF TWO BOYS
The Election Commission yesterday
canvassed the votes cast at Tuesday's
primary election, but noted only a few
clerical errors, which In no way af
fected the result as heretofore an
nounced. The commission will meet
to-night at S o'clock to declare the r&*
suit,
Cam-asses Vote of Primaries.
City Attorney Long advised the
Board of Works yesterday that the
failure of the S. Ducas Company to
comply with the charter by securing
the approval of the board of a map
showing the dedication of Bessie ave
nue before filing the map with the
Recorder invalidates the dedication Of
the street or an acceptance of the
same by the city. Long, however, re
frains from stating any opinion as to
the rights, if any,- which the public
may acquire by user in the street so
laid out adversely to the owners of
the property.
Invalidates Street Dedication.
dience. *
Miss Katheryn Barry. Miss Nonle
Peters, Miss Elsie Ganzel and Miss
Maud KHcommon, pupils of the con
vent, played the leading parts In the
piece. Harry Wood Brown, Richard
Hunt and Fred Humer took the prom
inent male rolea. The singing of the
chorus was a special feature of the
production, and the scenic effects and
costumes were decidedly neat and
novel.
"The Mascot." a pretty little comic
opera, was presented at the Alhambra
Theater last night under the auspices
of the Past Pupils' Association of the
Presentation Convent, Powell and
Lombard streets. The play was given
under the direction of A. F.
Schliecher. The theater was packed
to the doors by an appreciative au-
Pupils of Presentation Convent Sing
"The Ma-scot" to Large Audience
at Alhambra Theater.
COMIC OPERA PRESENTED
FOR BENEFIT OF SCHOOL
WO1IAK .SUES FOR DAMAGES —Leonora
Krouse t-\ir& the Unitf«l Rsilrcads yesterday for
*2r>TCS2 damage*. She was hurt in a street
oar accident last December at the crossing of
Better and Flllmore street*.
Thomas Kane and Aaron Jelinsky Fall
From Scaffolding and Latter Dies
From Injuries.
.As the result of a fall from a scaf
folding last evening Aaron Jelinsky, a
metal roofer, received injuries, from
which he died at the Central Emer
gency Hospital and Thomas Kane, a
fellow workman, sustained numerous
contusions and possible internal in
juries. The accident occurred about
4:30 o'clock at the National Brewery,
corner of Webster and Fulton streets.
The two men were at work on a swing
ing staging at the top of the tower of
the new malthouse. Kane was at one
end of the platform and Jelinsky at
the other, engaged in putting some
metal work in position. Kane left his
position to assist Jelinsky and the
combined weight of the two men
caused the platform to tilt. Kane
grabbed his brother workman and
both of the men fell to the roof below,
a distance of forty feet. Kane fell on
Jelinsky and to this fact can his
escape from death be attributed.
The ambulance was summoned and
the injured men were removed to the
hospital. Chief Surgeon Millar and
Surgeon. Pinkham found that Jelinsky
had sustained a fracture of the right
leg, right arm, several ribs and internal
Injuries. He succumbed to his injuries
an hour .after entering the hospital.
Kane was not seriously injured and
was removed to his home, 7 Benning
ton street. Jelinsky was a married
man and resided at 43 Van Ness ave
nue. The body was not removed to
the Morgue, obedient to the request of
the relatives. Both men were em
ployed by the Guilfoy Cornice Works,
1187 Howard street.
Wad-sworth Claims Insurance.
Henry Wadsworth, receiver of Ep
pinger,& Co., claims that the insur
ance policies of Herman and Jacob
Epplnger are part of the assets of the
bankrupt firm. His claim is disputed
by Pauline and Elizabeth Epplnger.
The Mutual Life Insurance Company
of New York, which Issued the poli
cies, yesterday asked permission to
turn the amount of the policies, $6569,
into court until the dispute is settled
by decree of court.
ACCIDENT AT [BREWERY
RESULTS IN FATALITY
The cause for the meeting was to
hear Burnham's ideas upon the beau
tifying of a large city, and it was for
this purpose that he was invited here
by the members of the association for
the improvement and adornment of
San Francisco. James D. Phelan, who
is a strong advocate of artistic im
provements, acted as toastmaster.
Burnham, tt]e guest of henor, was
the first speaker ailed upon.
He elaborated upon the advantages
of a beautiful city, and told how a city
may be made beautiful. He said that
not only did the architectural designs
improve the general appearance of a
municipality, but that flowers, palms
and greens, artistically adorned v-pon
buildings and homes, all tended to
make a pleasing effect, arid that If It
is impossible to tear down old struc
tures and replace them with more mod
ern ones the next best thing to do
is to decorate the old ones.
D. H. Burnham. the well-known
architect from Chicago, was the guest
of honor at an informal dinner given
at the St. Francis Hotel last night. The
dinner was attended by about thirty
prominent business men of this city,
all of whom are interested in the gen
eral appearance of San Francisco.
It was announced that the architects
of the city would hold a reception at
the hall of San Francisco Chapter of
the American Institute of Architects,
on the fifth floor of the Phelan building,
at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning. All
architects are invited to attend this
meeting.
At the conclusion of the speeches, by
unanimous vote it was declared: "It
is the sense of the meeting that Mr.
Burnham be invited to draft a plan for
the improvement and advancement of
San Francisco."
Mr. Burnham also recommended that
henceforth local architects and builders
unite their efforts in making this mu
nicipality as artistic and pleasant as
possible.
Others that spoke upon the subject
of architectural art were Allen Pollok,
manager of the St. Francis Hotel;
William Greer Harrison, H. U. Bran
denstein, John McCaleb, John Mc-
N'aujrht, A. A. Watkins, James Itied.
John Galen Howard, Bruce. Porter,
Frank J. Symmes and Leon Sloss.
Notices have been mailed summon
ing public spirited citizen^ of this city
to the maple room of the Palace Hotel
to-morrow night, when Mr. Burnham
will again speak on the subject of last
night's address.
' D. H. BURNHAM. THE DISTINGUISHED EASTERN ARCHITECT. WHO WILL AS
! PieT IN THE PREPARATION OF PLANS FOR BEAUTIFYING SAN FRAN
f CISCO. IN WHOSE HONOR A BANQUET WAS GIVEN LAST NIGHT.
Pipirp p^ace is not popular In the
republics of un-united America. Ac
rr»rdlnf? to the officers of the steamship
Arapulc"'. which arrived yesterday
/mm Panama and way ports, there* is
.'s'rme proepect of early trouble be
tReon the republics of Salvador and
* Guatemala. The 111 feeling has been
ifiorp or less acute since Guatemala's
dipnity was hurt at the Presidential
held at Corinto in February
last year. Regalado, Salvador's Minis
*pr of War and the man who is now
eohing to bring about a war, is the
<>rigir.al . cause of all the trouble.
Cabren>. President of Guatemala,
,/vv*s -represented at the Corinto con
- vention by one Marino. Regalado was
then President of Salvador and in that
capacity was in full and active at
* lendance at the convention. He made
a. speech, so says the taie told on the
Acapu'cj, in which he denounced Cab
rer«> as ail kinds vt a coward. He
made 'other acutely personal and pecu
* ! : ar!y Central American remarks, which
f^o affronted Marino that he strode from
tnr convention hall and returned to
' Guatemala City.
SHOOTS OUT WINDOWS.
R^pralado, enthused by his own ef
.-fftivp eloquence, punctuated his clos
ing -remarks by shotting out the win
*.dows of* the convention hall. Later
?hc adjourned to the street and kept
-up tfie' artillery punctuation long after
his rocal ammunition had been ex
"ftjiupted.
Marino, as he left the convention,
lr.Jd vnapped his- fingers at Regalado
anjd from the cover of a stout pillar
had expressed the opinion that the
oratorical firebrand would not have
dared to burn had Cabrero been pres
ent.
,** RegaJa<to was reminded of this and.
having-' had a glut of glass-breaking
.ordered- out his paddle horse and started
for Guatemala City. This is an eighty
mile' ride, but at the end of the dusty
road Regalado's ardor had lost none
* fif its he"at.
Forcing his way into Cabrero's pres
. f noe, RjCg-alado placed his pistol , at his
brother President's head and repeated
the warmest portions of his convention
•^peech.-
A PRESIDENTIAL BAT.
." The Presidents then had a drink;
then another. Still one more, and there
was launched a "good time," which
' lasted four days and set a new stand
ard for Jamborees in the high life of
the southern republic.
Regalado departed and some weeks
later, pn runs the stoTy. Cabrero de
clared that his dignity had been in
sulted.' lie demanded reparation. Re
galado refused, but suggested that
•Costa Rica be requested to arbitrate
* the difficulty. There the matter re
mqlns. There has been and ¦will be
no arbitration. Regalado resigned the
Presidency of Salvador in favor of Es
calon, but as Minister of War still con
* trols the ermy of which he ia proud
and w'hose mottle, it is paid, he wants
to' test against Cabrero's forces.
* Meanwhile the insult to Cabrero is
imavenged and Guatemala clamors for
apology. Ropalado relieves the monot
..ony of the time Of waiting by shooting
-the pJpes and cigarettes from the
". mouths of his staff officers.
-J{«»£alado Assails Brother
President's Valor and Is
Active With His Pistol
Tax Collector, Recorder, As
sessor and Sheriff Ex
plain Needs of Offices
The Board of Works yesterday
transmitted to the Board of Super
visors the petition of the Dairymen's
Association et al. for the acceptance
of Mission road, from Crescent avenue
to the county line, together with two
diagrams showing a proposed change
of grade on the road.
Assessor Dodge wanted $48,200 for
salaries required by the charter; $46,
000 for extra clerks and $1000 for ex
penses. The total amount is $1500
less than the office was allowed last
year. Dodge told of the increase in
the business hi his office, which com
prised from 7000 to 8000 additional
statements yearly.
Dodge urged the committee to rec
ommend an appropriation of $10,000
for the Bureau of Engineering to pre
pare block maps of the city, which
would be of great convenience in de
scribing assessments and effect a sav
ing.
Sheriff Curtis asked for $84,800 for
salaries, the same as last year, but
pleaded for an additional van driver
at $900 per year. Curtis also wants
$1220 for expenses, $6000 for main
tenance of jails and $12,875 for re
pairs to jails, and the committee took
the requests under advisement. The
committee adjourned to meet Friday
at 1:30 p. m.
«
Wants Mission Road Accepted.
Recorder Godchaux asked for $12,
900 for regular salaries and $6000 for
five new deputies. Godchaux also
wanted $27,000 for copying 450.000
folios at 6 cents per folio. Chairman
Brandenstein thoug-ht 5 cents a folio
would be sufficient, which would per
mit copyists to earn $80 per month,
a sum Brandenstein thought was ade
quate pay for the work. The com
mittee practically decided to allow
Godchaux $24,000 for copyists, $6000
for the new deputies and $*12,900 for
regular salaries.
The Supervisors' Finance Commit
tee held a meeting yesterday for the
purpose of hearing the heads of va
rious municipal departments regard
ing their required appropriations for
the next fiscal year.
Tax Collector Smith asked for $34,
900 for regular salaries, in his office,
but agreed to get along with $31,300.
Smith had also asked for $36,000 for
extra clerks, but compromised on
$34,200, out of which he will pay an
expert searcher.
Adoption of the New Text
books by State Board of
Education Requires Action
Superintendent of Schools Langdon
yesterday issued the following circu
lar relative to the proposed revision
of the course of study in the public
schools: v
The adoption of new textbooks by the State
Board of 1-Mucatlon will necessitate some
changes In our course of studyi We deem It
wise at the tame time to make such other
changes as experience demonstrates to be best
for the schools. To this end we shall call
conferences of the teachers of each grade and
of the principals. The teacher of each grade
will know best the details of the work of each
grade, while the principals will know best the
relation of grade to grade. These conferences
are entirely voluntary. Teachers and prin
cipals may attend such conferences as they
tvish. Those attending will be given oppor
tunity to express themselves and those unable
to attend are uruetJ' to send their suggestions
in writing to this office.
That these meetings may be of most service
in the proper modification of the course of
study teachers and principals are requested
to examine 1 the books recently adopted by the
State Board of Education, as follows:
Thomas — Elementary History of the United
States; California — New Grammar School
United States History (McMaster); Tarr &. Mc-
Murry — Home Geography; Redway & Hinman —
Natural Advanced Geography; Hornbrook —
Advanced Arlthmettc. • .--.
Meetings will be held in the annuity room.
No. 35e. City Hall, as follows: Monday. May
t). at .1:15 p. m., first grade; Tuesday. May 10.
at 3:15 p. m., second grade; Wednesday, May
11. at 3:15 p. m.. third grade; Thursday, May
' 12, at 3:16 p. m., fourth grade; Monday, Muy
I 10, at 3:45 p. m.. fifth grade; Tuesday, May
• 1", at 3:45 p. m., sixth grade; Thursday.
! May 19, at 3:45 p. m.. seventh grade; Mon
i day. May 23. at 3:45 p. m.. eighth grade;
'¦ Tuesday. May 24, at 3:45 p. m., night school
! principals and teachers: Wednesday, May 25,
! at 3:45 p. m., principals" meeting on work cf
! first four grades; Thursday, May 26, at 3:15
t p. m., principals' meeting on work of laat |
j four rrades. ,
j In accordance with the law all those teachers
. subject to the burdens of the annuity act are
: celled to meet in the annuity room. No. 350, :
1 on Saturday next. May 7. at 10 o'clock a. m. t ]
I for th« purpose of electing one of their num
j ber to serve on the "committee of retirement,"
j vice Mrs. M. L. O'Neal (representing teacher'
¦ at large), whose term Is about to expire.
SEEK APPROPRIATIONS
MEETINGS TO BE HELD
CABRERO ASKS APOLOGY
Illations Between Guate
mala and Salvador Are Re
ported to Be Near Rupture
Supervisors' Finance Com
mittee Hears Heads of De
partments onliequirements
Superintendent Langdon In
vites Teachers and Prin
cipals to Suggest Changes
At an Informal Dinner Tendered Him D. H.
Burnham Explains the Way in Which
Large Cities May Be Easily Beautified
ANCIENT INSULT
MAY CAUSE WAR
STUDY COURSE
TO BE REVISED
BEGINS TO FIX
CITY'S BUDGET
ARCHITECT FROM CHICAGO TELLS
HOW TO IMPROVE MUNICIPALITIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY ' 5, 1904.
9
AMUSE1LENT&
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m MM Ml*
GREAT
FLOTO
Cj H %j VV w
The Circus
Beautiful
TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT, A Z?*£!>
Under Mammoth Tenta,
Corner Eleventh and Mariet Sts.
Admission: Adults, 50c; Children, 25c
TENTS PERFECTLY WATERPROOF.
STREET PARADE AT 10 A. M. TO-DAT.
A BIG NEW SHOW!
Bavia. Macauley and Company; Sist«r«
Oasch; Hal Merrltt; Brandow and Wi-
ley, and Orphetun Motion Tfotnres.
showiaar the ULjrscmzxa or the
OALirOKNIA. x,art time* of M. P.
Dmnoad'i Parisian Minstrels; lev
Sully; Wilfred Clarke and Company,
and X.a Petite Adelaide.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c, 25a
and 50c.
AT f< A7 AD Belaseo & Mayer.
General Manager.
TO-NIOHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
A POWERFUL. DRAMA,
TUP I B) ARTHUR I fP
PROFLIGATE.
"A perforinaire perfectly rounded, polished
and sincere." — Bulletin.
Evg. 25c to Too; Mats. Sat. A Sun.. 23c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— First Pan Francisco Pro-
duction of the Excpedirjrly Funny Comedy,
THE TWO SCHOOLS.
As originally played at the Madison Square
• Theater. New York.
SjS |i S tni£&i "AYE*
UkSs a a a^/^aSso props
Market Street, near Eighth; Phona South S33w
TO-NIGHT — ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Tlie Celebrated Drama,
DR. JEKYLL
AND MR. HYDE
HERSCHEI, MAYAUU
in the Famous Dual Role.
First Appearance in This City of
JAMES H. MONTGOMERY
and OLIVE O. SKINNER.
pDlfpC Eveninjrs :iCc to 5n<j
lAllCJ Matincea 10c. 15c. 25o
NEXT— "THE THEEE MTJSKETEESS."
Klffh-Class Specialties Every At ternooa
and Evening; In tne Theater.
TO-XTXQHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCH
Concluding W1UJ
NEW UVING PICTURES
Take a Ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
RAILROAD.
VISIT CABARET DE LA MORT.
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN....... 3«
When Phoning Ask for "The Chates."
MJSCEULAJTEOUS A31TJSEMENT3.
¦~>~> .. . ..¦.-..— .-. — — ¦> ..«....-..
SEMBRICH
Assisted by Rudolph Cans, pianist.
2— Concepts Only— 2
ALHAMBRA THEATER .
TO-NIGHT at 8:15.
Next Saturday Matinee at 2:30
Scats, $3 and 12. Box Seats. $3.50. \
_ At Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
— i— — —^^^^^^^
ANNUAL PAY EXHIBITION
CALIFORNIA CAMERA CLUB.
AS ILLUSTRATED LECTURE ON
"THE OUTINGS OF THE CAMERA CLUB."
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
FRIBAY EVENING. MAY 6. 19<M.
TICKETS SO CENTS.
BASEBALL .
AT RECREATION^ PARK,
Elshth and Harrison Street*.
SAN FRANCISCO TS. LOS AN SELES.
. TO-DAY and FRIDAY, )
3:30 P. M.
SATURDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
Ladles' Days— To-day and Friday.
Advance Sale of . Seats at 5 Stockton Strevt.
ADVEBTISEMENTa
p ™ CELEBRATED \P
fe»K STOMACH A
Don't expect to enjoy good health
as long, as the stomach is weak.
That's impossible. .
. Strengthen it >vith the Bitters and
good health is assured. •
It , always., cures Poor Appetite,
Heartburn, : Indigestion, Dyspepsia
and Liver Complaints. Give.it a trial.
I Cv Perfec * Fi «*nfi (/j°
O Eyeglasses 4^
ft At Moderate Cost (\
P«l« r A DON'T FAIL TO
raiayw see i the beau tifui
V COURT Lounging
fl 11 fl room, the EMPIRE
a ™ .:.. . parlor, the
f>^ PALM ROOM, the
Ufflfifl LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UIIU LOR, and the LA-
i--ui-i.il2.» DIES' WRITING
Hotels room
THE
FOOD
ROUTE
Is the safest way to steady health.
Many people are kept ill be-
cause they do not know how to
select food that their own partic-
ular bodies will take up and build
iipon.
.- "What will answer for one will
not 'do for another.
*
li one is ailing it is safe to
change food entirely and go on a
plain, simple diet, say.
Cooked Fruit,
Dish of Grape-Nuts
and Cream
' £ So¥t e££s
- "'¦'-* J Cup Postum Coffee
Slice of Toast,
no more.
M an ! but a diet like that makes
one feel good after a few days'
use.
• : The most perfectly made food
for human use is
Grape=Nuts
'' "There's a reason."
"* * Get the little book, "The Road
to WeHville," -in each pkg;
GBAPE-NX7TS.
PUBLIC MEETING
FOR THE BENEFIT 6F THE
RUSSIAN
RED CROSS SOCIETY
ARRANGED BY THE PI,AV-AMERICAN
COMMITTEE OP SAN FRANCISCO,
MAY 5, 1904, 8 p. m.
NATIVE SONS' HALL, 414 Mason Street.
Chairman of the evening,
BARON \V. E. VON JOHANNSEM.
PROGRAMME.
Musical selections by the Croatian Tamburashl.
Leader. MR. ILAR SPILBTAK.
Addresses by the following gentlemen:
DR. VICTOR G. VECKI.
F. W. BYROD of the Grand Army.
DR. O. N. ORLOW.
. P. A. BKRGEROT, Eaq.
Violin boIo. "OtPllo Fantasia"... IT. W. Err.jt
VRATISLAV MUDROCH.
Addresses by the following gentlemen:
SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGE. Esq.
BOZO RADOVICH.
DR. WILLIAM J. HAWKINS.
JOHN F. DAVIS. Esq.
' Russian song* by a quartet consisting of
. Messrs. GREEVSKY. POPOFF. KRASOFF
AND KALNEFF.
ADMISSION .25 CENTS
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
TO-NIGHT in
If! I} , Famous Play
MELBOURNE La
MacDOWELL ToSCa
Next Monday Night, "Cleopatra"
Popular Prices — 13c, 25e, 50c, 73c.
CALIFORNIA
fS —TO-NIGHT— R^
TOM'S WEDDING GIFT!
By.D. T. CALLAHAN. M
A Story of Divorce. ||
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT |
Return of Last Season's Big Hit, ||
m OUR NEW MINISTER |
H The best play and the best com- S
H _ pany to vUit the coast this season. jj
W EBNEST HASTINGS M
B. And the famous original All-Star Cast, m
ftftl IBR^ESI A SA1 Fiasco 1 !
SEATS READY p< L!rw«" d
THE THEATER-CROWDING SUCCESS.
KLAW and ERLANGER Present
MAX 11H U CiV J
(Themselves)
In John J. McNally's Latest Vaudeville Farce
"THE ROGERS BROS. IN LONDON."
110— Entertainers— 110.
Nightly. Including Sunday. Mat. Saturday.
Coming— MR. RICHARD MANSFIELD.
TIVOUSS5&
i ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY
¦ POSITIVELY LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
Of the Spectacular Military Comic Opera
WHEIMJOHNNYCOMES
MARCHJNG HOME
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
The I A I Nights
Greatest • Dnu . «.. . v London
Musical j KUWAWAT I 300
Comedy '—^ICIRLr 1^ N«iht*
11 New York
PRICES — 23c. 00c. 75c
Box and Mezzanine Seats, $1.00.
Industrial
Exposition
MECHANICS' PAVILION
APRIL 30 to MAY 15.
TURN VEREIN NIGHT
TONIGHT.
CONCERTS DAY AND NIGHT BY BEN-
NETT'S CONCERT BAND.
8OUVENIR FANS TO ALL CHILDREN.
OPSar gTOTOATB. .
king!p§ii^liaci[)T!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Ruing each week day. rain or thine, except
Monday; May 2. Season closes Satur-
day. May 7.
Six or More Kaces Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track tak«
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:30
1:00. 1:80 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladles and their
escorts. . ' "
Returning • trains leave track • at 4:10 «ad
4:45 and Immediately after the last race,
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEBTTBtSTff K NTS.
W0£$$£0$Wr Business' -^ ¦ ! - \
|v-^'X'*Sr and Pleasure at " :
r-?* ; |§jr' the Auction Sale at j
PTALOALTO^
MAY 7, 1904«
laf w *^ c t^ ie est a >* s business you jever did if Hi
I; f you purchase one of those beautiful home sites in | 1
l"! California's ideal home town and San Francisco's | j
|H _ natural and attractive suburb. Go down, take the |J|
|^«m family along and enjoy the drive through the fjj| |
K'|ft Stanford University grounds and the lunch, ML \
pJwL under the beautiful oaks. - Mt j
im. Special Excursion Train haves Third and Townsend sts. at . £B&
[^'•¦"^¦IhbV. 10:15 a. m. Saturday, May 7, 1904. Round-trip jBm~ I
fV'A.ViiSL tickets, including drive and lunch, SI. 00. JlmS^^? " : |
l"'Z~< * V S»k ILIiUSTBATED CATAI.OOX7ES AT J^m I
(^^¦^C M, WOOSTER CO^II
* *"* 0 w r /> A 9
*jjri8Be9BHS^^9BH9BES^3H^B^^BSRB^fafir*
GROCERIES—LIQUORS I
BOTAL BAKING FOWD£B. . . *5
. 1-pound can 35o K|
Reg. 45c. , |4
CBEAMERY BUTTEB 1
square 30c B
Fresh churned. Best known m
creameries.
KIlfOAN'S BOILED HAM
.pound • 25c
Regr. 35c and 40c. Friday and
Saturday.
GEEMEA (for Mash) . . pkg-. 20c
Children's favorite. Reg. 25c.
SOLID PACK TOMATOES.
• 3 cans 25c
Red ripe, whole tomatoes. Ex-
tra large cans.
COSTA BZCA COFFEE... lb 15c
Caracola; round bean. Same
flavor and strength as. Mocha, fl
Reg. 25c. B
ANTI-BUST SOAP. 25c stick 15c B
guaranteed to remove rust and ¦
ink spots without injury to 9
the fabric. Demonstrated in H
.store this week. a
CANADIAN CLUB WHISKY. . . H
bet 81.05 fig
Walker's genuine. Reg. $1.35. B
FOMMEB7 CHAMPAGNE . M
pints SI 35, quarts S2.50 B
Mumm's or "White Seal. |j
MISTLETOE OXN .l>Ot 65c B
Imported Old Tom Gin. Reg. ¦
. 90c. .• fl
TABLE POBT AND SHEESY. . B
.... bot 350 B
Reg. 50c. . H
OLD CBOW WHISKT 95c g
Bottled in bond. 1S97. Reg. B
$1.25. li
CYBTTS NOBLE BYE.. . I
Quart bot 850 ¦
Reg. $1.15. li
WILSON BYE WHISKT 70c H
The favorite family Whisky — H
"that's all." Reg. $1.00. O
CAX.IFOBNIA GRAPE BEAN- M
DT. . . .•. ...rtllon $1.90 B
\ Pure,; higb«. proof and will Eg
burn. For cooking or table. I
Reg. $2.50. ¦
BASS' ALE. doz 81.35 0
Genuine. Hall's bottling. Last E
chance. Just enough Iff t for B
this sale. Guaranteed in every ¦
way. Reg. $2.00. ; B
THE WEEKLY GALU $1 PER YEAR.NAPLES, May 4.— The United States battle
chip Kentucky, flying the flag of Rear Admiral
K van*. • sailed to-diy ; for New ' York."
* LONDON. May;4.-r— Sandboy won the
Chester Cup; a handica'p'of^SBO sover
eigns, "at ¦¦ the '. ChesterVmeeting * to-day.
Mark \ Time " was* second ."and 1 Throway
third.— Twelve : horses -ran. -. - •
Chester ,,Cup 'for ', Sandboy.
. . .v. ¦ . ¦
First race — The Pride, Clausus, So
linus. ; l'-f~ : / %
Second ' race— Liucrece,"'. Edgcclin*.
David Boland.
Third race— Chlleno, Lozana, Re
signed.
Fourth race — Isabellitn. Anvil,
North West.~. ' ' ' '
- Fifth • Race— Mimo, - St. Wlnnifrldc,
Olympian. . ¦ ' •
Sixth race— Handpress, Kitty Kelly,
Possart.
PROBABLE WINNERS.
The contest between Harry Tenney,
the amateur bantam-weight champion,
and Johnny Crowe is attracting a
good deal of attention among those
who are fond of amateur boxing.
Crowe defeated Tenney once and he
believes he can do it again. Tenney,
since he won the championship, has
improved wonderfully, and so has
Crowe, so the result will be watched
with . interest. \ Teddy Wolffe and
"Rough House" McDonald and Joe
Thomas and George Peterson will
meet in the double main event and
both contests are strong attractions.
The rest of the card is: Dick Hyland
vs. Charley Dunn; .Dick Cullen vs.
Billy Duffy; Mike Synfy vs. Young Hc-
Clure; Billy Stuart vs. Billy Shank,
and Tom Sullivan vs. JoePodesto.
Eight boxing contests between some
of the best amateurs on the coast is
what. the San Francisco Athletic Club
offers to-night at Woodward's Pavi
lion. The men are evenly matched
and three of the bouts will decide
championships. As all of the con
testants have posted a forfeit to guar
antee their appearance in the ring it
is not likely any of the bouts adver
tised will have to be substituted.
San Francisco Athletic Club An
nounces n Programme of Exccp
, .¦ t tional Merit for To-Night.
I*AIX> AI.TO IS ENTERED
IX INIOX PARK STAKE
Bnscnc Gears'* Champion Grryhound
!«. Draxm Ajain^t Gambit — Poca-
Irfll to Meet Fair Tralce.
Eugene Geary's champion grey
hound Palo Alto has recovered from
the severe coursing he had some
months since pnd is entered in this
weeks stake at Union Park. He meets
Gambit In the first round. The stake
jp bristling with class, a lot of clever
performers beins in the running.
Pocatc-li: will meet Fair Tralee in
the semi-final round of the Grand Na
tional stakes. The draw last night
resulted as follows:
Frifcky ]'..,• bant vs. Boot*: Palo Alto - ve
Gambit; laif^rioi-? vs. Duhallow: Wedg-ewood
vs. Plouffhmari; Koxhunter ve. L>ear Gaetcn-
Bright Fortune v«. Richsrd Antun; High Born
Culmnula; Tor-stco Bob v*. Rich Array-
Jtuby t=*nkey vs. H&crsmenio Boy; Tralee Boy
vc Our Motto; T*xas Blacklips vs. Rural Art*
in: I'PEllacc vs. Mickey Free; Rector vt
Texas Jill; Sia Lion vs. Piker: P.apid V.'ater
vs. CJov^rdale: Honest Jchn vs. FranU Dunn
>rsi* W vt. Homer Boy; Golden Fortune xt'
Roy Hurhie: Fontenoy vs. The Referee- Real
Article ve. Rose of Goid; Frisco Lad vs. Rene
cade Apache; Vandal vg. Master Rocket
«;olden Uaks ve. Rich Argos>'; Free Bern vs'
lied Rock; Donnybrock vs. Terab; Haphazard
vs. I/ly V.'riglit; Terra CctU vs. Sir Wintoa-
Friendlrsp Boy \t. Lost Chord: Joe Pasha vs'
Snapper Garrison; Texae Hoo Hoo vs. Rocker
Arm; Air&ndaii v«. Lord Brazen; Cold Chain
vt. ReaJ Vurtia.
Semi-final round. Grand National Chainoion
Ftakes— Poratelli x-s. Fair Tralee. " a P loa
AMATEUR BOXERS OF CLASS
IX A SERIES OF BOUTS
The athletic , amphitheater in Gold
en Gate Park may be increased in size
to meet the demands that will be put
upon it and a three-quarter mile speed
track with the accompanying addition
of ground space within is probable.
It has been estimated that the cost
will not be greatly, enlarged by the
change of plan and. much benefit will
be derived from it. The increased
space in the infield will allow of a
regulation size oolo field and liberal
financial support has been assured "by
the players of that. game if the Park
Commissioners can be induced to
make the alteration. It would also
give added room for every other sport.
This question will be taken up at the
weekly meeting of the Amateur Driv
ing and Athletic Association to-night,
to which all interested persons are in
vited. Room 1000 in the Palace Ho
tel is the appointed place. V ;;
Another matter of great moment
will be considered. Partial assurance
has been given that the receipt' of
$10,000 in cash at this time would
start the improvement work on the
pleasure grounds, the additional $15,
000 to be paid into the park 'fund
when collected. Expressions of opin
ion are wanted from all members of
the association on this point and a
favorable vote will mean that Super
intendent McLaren will start grading
within a week. *-
The United Railroads added 8500 to
the subscription list' within the week
and several other, ample sums have
gone to Treasurer O'Kane's credit
from various sources. James D.Phe
lan is among the prospective subscrib
ers and, has told' the committee that !
his support; may be 'expected when he
seeahthe athletes' are to be well taken
car"e;of in the plans; of the; amphi
theater. .' On the. point of collecting
small pledges from the , v . school., ath
letes, however, the committee ' has
fduttd a snag. The asking, for money
for any purpose Is tabooed in thepub
liq schools and -special 'consent must
b'e • gained from the proper^authorlties
before ; .thc work ' may, be -prosecuted."
Polo Players Desire a Regulation
Field Inside Park Speedway — Im
portant Meeting To-Xight.
ATHLETIC AMPHITHEATER
3IAY BE INCREASED IX SIZE
Racing at Worth.
CHICAGO. May 4 : — Worth results:
First race, four and a half furlongs — Girdle
stone won, Dixie Lad second, Tennyson third.
Time. :54 4-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Van Xess won,
Marco second, Ethel Scruggins third. Time.
1:14.
Third race, flve furlongE — Peggy Mine won.
Sincerity Belle second, Kine Trophy third.
Time, 1 :01 3-5.
Fourth race, one mile — Gus Heydorn won.
Marlin second. Pepper third. Time. 1 :42 2-5.
Fifth race, five furlonga — Frontenac won,
Mlraon second, Monastic II. third. Time, 1:01.
Sixth race, one mile — Give All won. I. Sam
uelson second, Sarilia third. Time, 1:13 3-5.
McBride finished third on Ada' N, the
7 to 5 -favorite for the mile and a fur
long selling affair. He 'found half a
dozen pockets at different stages of the
journey and altogether made a ¦ poor
job of it. Crosswaite displayed - unex
pected alacrity on Illowaho, a 7 to 1
chance, : 'and after leading throughout
earned a nose* decision over, Golden
Light, the » second* choice. Glenrice
ran a fair sort of race.
: Milt Jones"-" useful performer John A.
Scott was looked upon as one of -the real
good - things, on "the* card,'* and,' at the
sea nt price - of 7 ¦' to 1 ; 10, - was plunged on
to win the five and a half furlong purse
run, fifth to_ be decided/ ¦ FailWg to dis
play his best form he 'finished ' third in
an .-, exciting nose and ¦ short head ) fin
ish - with 'Louis • Wagner." and . Royal
Rogue. - The winner f - -Louis -Wagner,
T. McLaughlin's smart filly Sea Air,
piloted by Jones, received heavy back
ing at 8 to 5 to take the two-year-old
dash over four and a half furlongs,
which she annexed without great effort.
In front almost from the start, the
daughter" of Pirate of Penzance led
Sileo out "three lengths. , The latter
closed strongly, downing Squire John
son, a 100 to 1 shot, half a length for
the place.
ILLOWAHO A -WINNER.
Headwater was up to his old tricks
again in the opening event. As the
barrier was released he swerved to
ward the rail and not only got left
himself, but prevented Flyer, the
mount of Jones, from getting , away.-
Fair Lady Anna, a well played 7 to 1
shot, with Crosswaite up, beat Marelio
out a head in a driving finish at the
wire. Oscar Tolle ran a fair third.
Titus, the post favorite, had speed, but
failed to stay the route.
The favorite had a world of speed
and, making the ¦ pace from the jump,
was hard pressed later on though, to
dispose of Joe Lesser in a driving fin
ish. Gateway tired the last sixteenth,
running a moderate 'third.
Business is brisk in the betting ring
as the season draws to a close and the
layers are kept busy. Favorites cap
tured three races and as the other
three winners, Fair Lady Anna, Illo
waho and Louis Wagner, were not
overlooked, the talent fared well.
; HEADWATER ACTS BADLY.
Johnny Schorr's three-year-old An
anias, ridden by Reed, captured the
mile and a hundred yard handicap at
Oakland yesterday and reduced the
Coast record of 1:46% for the distance
to . 1:45%. The betting" favored the
Schorr entry, for, with his impost of 9'j
pounds, he closed a 14 to 5 favorite,
with the remaining play distributed
about on the chances of Joe Lesser,
Gateway and Caronal. %
had Vickery in the saddle and the
Ryan jockey rode the shortest race,
hugging the rail on the stretch turn,
saving where both Kelly and Jones
lost ground.
At the weights. Forest King looked
far the best of the seven starters in
the last, a mile and fifty-yard sell
ing number. Heavily played at
even money, the Oregon horse scored
cleverly at the end from Laocoon and
G. W. Trahern.
Crosswaite piloted two winners.
Sinnott, who rode Estado in the first
race, was suspended by the judges for
his seeming lack of interest in what
was transpiring."
The Antrim stable lost Ada N from
the third event. The mare was enterea
to be sold for $400 and was claimed by
J. Guthrie, owner of Glenrice.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
and* up; r , a emnV FUtUrlty COUr " : tow -'*"-°™*
6720 Murat (Hendsraon) in"
C029 The Pride (Neal) Ill*"* 104
5598 Pope Leo (Murray) """"inn
0715 Clausus (Ryan) ****"iio
6629 Amasa (Rowley) 104
0717 *Maud Muller (Miller) 07
6titt> Toto Gratlot (Wilkerson & Co) 107
6717 Step Around (Devin) i<y>
6613 Geisha Girl (Robinson) *"*1O5
6702 Solinus (Levy) * jS
6727 Rrsebud (Parker) 10 5
6683 Modder (Buckholtz) "***104
Second race — F(5ur furlongs; maiden two
year-olds; purse. >
C034 Alonp (Summers) ..."...f. 1C9
6706 Dresden (Rogers) 100
««94 Heredla (Clifford) *"*'i(«
6712 Lucrece (Macdonough) "**1C9
6567 Hooligan (Fountain) "105
6712 Gallant Cassie (Miller) "*10°
6267 Only Jlmmie (Cappa) * 105
6«9t Iron Kins 'Partington) ' ll«
6«8S Edgecllff (Judge) " 105
€700 Grenore (Davis) i r -.
mSS David Boland (Balrd) **"**1O3
eeS8 Rubtana (Smith) "*""*105
Third race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up: selling. .-¦¦¦-¦. "
6711 Vigoroso (Appleby & Co.) i(v>
6609 Lecturer (Coalter) {V?>
6592 Keogh (Hlldreth) Ai
6«27 'Pachuea (Napa Stock Farm) *""""* %X
6«11 Dr. Blrdsall (McConnell) tl
6<K>1 H. P. Cane (Green) '" £J
50SO Cracko (Levy) ,}S
6693 Resigned (Coffey) ZT*
6690 Lozano (Leach) JiX
6699 •Dollle H (Hart) JJ
6719 »Chllcno (Blaslngarae) • i.'."""" n~
6707 The Stewardess (Winter) ***!!"" ir
Fourth race— One mile and 100 yards- thru
year-olds and up; gelling: . ' " - irev
6710'Isabelllta (McXamara) 1n ->
670S Mo&lta (Montanya) «r
6(»5 I O U (Chapped) ,£»
6675 Facts (Williams)
6683 Nullah (McKenzie) ; **¦ .M?
(6«05)»Mr. Dingle (Tlerney) ....".* i.°J
6707 Tonopah (Schiff & Lusk) ' J!?,
15847 Dorlft (Smith) . . lo jf
t*S4 'Past Master (Boughsman) "I!"** ijS
6722 'North-West. (Clifford) *£•
6710 •Anvil (Murray) jj^
6710 Searcher (Romigh) •. .£*
tLos Anxeles Index 6345. w
upT 1 . t e 1 !nn a S C^" SIX fl "^» : '~r-y«r-old, and
6(^5 St. Wlnnlfride (Painter) . . »„«
6707 Yellowstone (Fine). .... "¦ '" J°£
6720 *Tom. Slavln (Clifford) ..'. 1*5
6713 Lady Kent (Wellman) 1. ...I J|J?
656.VJ T S'(Herxos)
(«KS0)OlympIan 'Schorr) .... ,X?
6713 »MImo (Sheridan) ..... * J£i
(CWD'Romaine (Murray) *"* * '.$j
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 4.—
Although Stanford athletes will not be
allowed to compete in the Mo'tt Haven
games at Philadelphia this year, the
Stanford track men will get a trip East
and will take part in the Western
intercollegiate field meet, which will
be held- on Marshall Field, Chicago,
The eyes of the Eastern men are
already on the Cali'fornians, owing to
the performances ..of Ralph Rose, . the
shot putter, and of Dole of - Stanford,
who holds the world's record for the
pole vault. An Eastern writer says of
Rose when he made his wonderful ef
fort on Franklin field: .
It was Michigan again, at a foregone con
dition, when Rope began to put the' shot. Th!«
young n:an v.as distinctly, sensational. He
looked as t»ic as he had been described. Hahn,
Ms team mate, mi«ht have been his little boy
on his way to kindergarten. Rose stood In <*
casual rroup of. what pa?s for full-grown men,
De Witt. Kh«;vlir. and G!a c s, and he seemed to
look over their h^ads. This terrific bulk of
muscle was topped by an apple-cheeked boyiith
face, fcs good-natured and full of expression as
a custara pi*. Rose ¦ showed there was no
Western hyperbole In the accounts of his her
culean prowess. He pushed the shot with no
apparent struggle a distance of 4S feet 2 inches,
equaling the world's record of Dennis Horgati
of Ireland. Then he unklnked his biceps again
and put Dennis Horzan on the ehelf as a back
number, making a new world'* record of 48
feet .'I 1 ., inc.'if f. although it will not stand
officially, bt-ceusr it was made as an exhibition
put- With the hammer Rose was not so for
midable. He was beaten' by three men. but
it was memorable hammer throwing, as each
of theee four threw more than 152 feet. De
Witt, tht Intercollegiate champion, took first
with a throw • of 158 feet 3*i Inches, with
Shevlin four feet behind him.
California will be more numerously
and.morc ably represented on the ath
letic fields and the cinder paths of the
East thfs season than every before.
The Pacific Athletic Association will
send a picked team to the Olympian
games at St. Louis, Stanford Univer
sity will send a' team to the Western
intercollegiate championships at Chi
cago, while other athletes will -go -on
their own responsibility.
These men form the strongest team
that has ever represented Stanford on
the track, and they should better their
coast records in the East. The men will
be' taken East early, so that they can
accustom themselves to the new con
ditions. •
June 4. This was decided to-day when
the news was received that Stanford
would be eligible to the Chicago meet.
Eight men will be taken from here, in
cluding Dole, world's champion pole
vaulter; Hyde, coast champion shot
putter; Dunn, coast champion quarter.
miler; Holman, miler and half-miler;
Bell, high jumper; Lanagan, hurdler;
West, broad jumper, and Beach, pole
vaulter.
Fifth rafe, mile and a half, selling—Im
perlus won, John E. Owens second, Martin
Brady third. Time. 2:63',*.
Sixth race, flve furlongs, selling — Jake Ward
won. Cloverton second, Agnes Brennan third.
Time. 1:03.
First race, four and a half furlongs — drap
p> won, Costlgan eecond.-LuclUB third. Time,
:57ft.
Second race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing — Volto won, Elle second Barney Dreyfus
third. Time, 1:54 14.
Third race, mile and an eighth, purse —
Glassful won, Haviland second. Sambo third.
Time. 1 :59>4.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, Derby
Consolation — Judge won. Bill' Curtis second,
Military Man third. Time, 1:61%:
KANSAS CITY. May 4.— Results
Derby Consolation for Judge.
TOUNG GIANT FROM CALIFORNIA. NOW A STUDENT AT UNIVERSITY OF
MICHIGAN. WHO ASTONISHED THE EAST RECENTLY BY BEATING THE
CRACK SHOTPUTTERS OF YALE. HARVARD AND OTHER COLLEGES.
Fifth race, four furlongs— Regale won, Barda
WhJtlng necond, Kitty BellebrooUs third. Time.
:49U.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Alee won, Eva
Claire second, The Guardsman third. Time,
l:42t».
Fourth race, flve furlongs, selling — Ben Mora
won. May Combs second, Ponca third. Time,
1:C2. ¦ . .. -
F^rst race, five furlongs. selling — Miss
Flftischmann won. Amorous «?oond, Henry
Luerhmann Jr. third. Tim*. 1:03.
Second race, four and a half ¦ furlongs —
Kurtzmann won. Walter Arnold second. Dazlo
third. Time, :55^.
Third race, six furlongs— Fred Leppcrt won.
Talpa. second. Merry Pioneer third. Time,
1U6H. '
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May 4.— Results
Louisville Race Kcsulis.
"WTira the natives finished swinging
their dabs in the first round yesterday
¦t Kecrcjitlon Part they had accumu
lated tbe comfortable total of five
runs. They never approached the plate
tigaln. bat at tfcat It was uselrss. for
those Sve carried them throngh nicely.
Si-or«: San Francisco a, Lo« Angeles 4.
It was certain!?- a warm flve min
utes tor the rhaprfy Mr. Wheeler. In
fact, he got on* or the prlie beatings
«»f the year. Hildebrand and Waldron
«*ac!i tore off one, ileaay sacrificed and
Jnvin walked, making a full house.
.A'ong one c!d I«y Gorton with a
-tirive out to left field. Hilde and Wal
dron tore across the rubber, Irwin
nadr for third aad Gorton for second.
Flood finally got the ball and threw
it wild to the plate In an endeavor to
out off n run. Irwin landed safely and
<Tortcn west to third. Then Massey
kicked through with another nice one
SLH<i Gorton Ian Jed. Anderson also had
one waiting which brought Big Bill in
and here the !ocals halted for the bal
aflre of the same.
Th»» Anjrels Etarted off well also by
bringing in two in tb« first inning on
liits by Bernard and Cravath and An
«!ersor/s error. They got another in
the ihlrd on a double steal and did
nothing more til! the ninth rolled
around.
Then ft Jooked like one of those old
lime lightning finishrs for a moment.
«"ravath singled and likewise Chase.
Toman bit along the third base line
«tnd Cravath arrived nicely. Chase also
tried to turn tbe trick, but he was
nailed at the rubber and a stormy
scene of kicking and yelling followed.
Eagar was sent in to take a crack at
the bell 1n Hall's stead, but he had no
kit in his bat. so it was all off. The
score:
Pan Francisco— * j Los Anpe'.ee —
AB. R. H. P. A.' AB. R. H. P. A.
Hilfllxtif 4 I I 1 0 ! Be-nrd.cf 4 1110
AVldrn.cT 4 13 0 0 Flcod.2b. 2 10 6 4
Mrany.rf 3 12 3 O^ Hm!th.3b 4 12 0 3
lrwin.3b. 3 1 o 0 3 Cravth.Sb 4 1110
• Jorton.c. 4 1 1 8 O Ros».ir.. .T 0 0 0 1
Vascy.lb 4 «» 2 14 1 1-hnw.lb. 4 O 1 11 0
Aftdm.a 4 o 3 l 4'Totnan.e. 4 O 1 1 S
*.lMler.«.. 3 « 2 0 4f>pS^s,c.. 3 O O ft 1
Jone*-,p.. 4 O O 0 3 Wteelr.p 10 0 0 1
; illail.p. .. 2 0 10 1
Totals 33 114 27 1.' 'Hasan. . 10 0 0 0
' Totals 32 4 7 24 16
•Batted for H«1I in ninth Innrnr.
RU.VS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
lifw .«nr»>» 2O1 OOOOO 1 — 4
lias* hits 20 1O0001 3 T !
6en Frar.clsco... 5 O 0 <> 0 0 O 0 x— 5
Base hits H I o 1 • 1 1 2 x— 14
SUM MART.
HiU— Off Wheeler, 1; off Hall. 8. Sto>n
ha »**- Smith Of>. Ha!I. Meany. Flood. Chase,
'ravath. Errcrs— Anderson <1"). Rose, Toman.
T»o-I>a<w hit* — Bernard Oavath. SacrlSce
Mt«— Flood. Rosy, llcany. Miller. Ffcrwt base
«:n errors— Ix* Anjrcles. I: First base on called
l)«li!~-orf jore«, I; off Wheeler, l. Left on
bjuws— Sai. Fr&neisco. 6; Los Angplen, 4. Strick
ntit— By Jon^*, 3: bj- Hall 4. Hit by pitcher-
Flood. l>ouble play— Flood to Chase. Time of
Fame— 1:35. l.'mpire— MrDon»ld. !
W J- P'ct-1 W. I- P*ct.
Tuttsa ..S3 12 .647 Seat*-> ...17 IS .f>"l
Oailearf - -« 15 .5M!San Fran. 17 1» .4.2
Los Aas .-2» 1* .SOS.PnvUairi .. 7 27 .209
STAXDING OF THE CLUBS.
«Pae!So Coast league.)
Fifth race, selling, five furlongs— Clovtr
Hampton won Musen second. First Born third.
Time. 1:02 1-5.
Hlxth race, six furlongs — Consideration won,
Billy Roche second. Queen Belle third. Time,
1:15.
Fourth race, the Corona stakes, selling, one
mile and seventy yards — Do Reszke won, Silver
Days second. Jack Ratlin third. Time,
1:45 3-5.
Third race, handicap, six furlongs — Collector
Jessup won. Rose Tint second. Fustian third.
Time. 1:13.
j NEW YORK, May 4.— There was an
excellent get-away programme at
Jamaica this afternoon, with a special
drawing feature in the first appearance
this season of McChesney. The card
otherwise was interesting, the Corona,
a selling stake, being the feature. The
weather was charming and the track
in grand condition. The excellence of
the card proved a potent factor, for it
drew out a splendid attendance, which
was rather surprising in view of the
fact that, there is^a big day coming
to-morrow at Westchester, when the
Metropolitan handicap is to be run.
McChesney's debut was not pleasing.
He was made a warm favorite at S to
6. He broke last, , but seemed to have
no speed and Hildebrand finally de
sisted and* let him gallop home behind
the others. Collector Jcssup broke in
.front and opened up a >rin of several
leDgths on Rosetint and Fustian, which
were second and third. They ran this
wny throughout. Collector Jessup won
easily by a length and a half from
Rosetint, which was the same distance
in front of Fustian.
De Reszke, at odds of 13 to 5, won
the Corona stake, after a hard drive
tbrough the stretch with Akela. Only
one favorite won during the afternoon.
Summary:
NEW YORK. May 4.— Jamaica results r
First race, fclx furlongs— Witchcraft won,
Shrine second. Schoharie third. Time, 1:13 2-5.
Second race, five furlongs — Austin Allen
won. Penury second Only One third. Time,
1 :01 3-5.
PORTLAND. May 4. — Butler had
two bad innings at the beginning of
to-day's game. Timely and bunched
batting by Ganley. Francka, Graham
and Schafley was responsible for
three runs in the first. Lohman start
ed the slugging in the second and
Kruger's single brought in two men.
Then Moskiman came home on Gra
ham's two-bagger. Schmidt had trou
bles in the third, when Portland made
four hits and three runs. He allowed
but one single after that No Port
lander reached first after the fifth.
The score:
Portland — 1 Oakland —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R, H. P.A.
Drnan. cf.4 0 O 0 0;Ganly. rf.5 1110
M'Crdl, rf.4 12 1 O.Frncks. «.5 2 11-
Frmn. lb.4 118 l|Krugr, cf.S 1 1 4 «>
Castro. *..4 0 1 1 l.Mkmn. If.." 1 1 2 <»
Mrphy lf.3 Oil © Grahm. lf.2 1 2 1 •»
Beck. 2b. .4 0 0 6 2 Schfly. 2b. 2 0 1 O •?
Frncs Sb.4 O 1 1 5 Streib. lb.4 O O 11 1
Stelmn, c.4 0 O 8 2! Devrx. 3b.4 0 1 2 2
Butler, p.U 1 1 O ulLohmn. c.3 12 4 0
— 'gchmdt. p.3 1 0 1 4
Totals. 31 3 7 27 12! —
I Totals. 38 8 10 27 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINOS.
Portland 0 O 3 O 0 O O O 0 — ."5
Base hits t> 1 5 O 1 O O O 0— 7
Oakland 3 4 0 O 1 O 0 0 0— S
Base hits 43O02001 0—10
SUMMARY
Errors — Drennan <2). Freeman. Beck. Fran
c's. Butler. Earned runs — Portland 3, Oakland
2. Stolen base — Murphy. Bases on balls — Off
Butler. .'!; off Schmidt, 3. Struck out — By But
l*r. 7: by Schmidt, 4. Tho-Iwm hits^ — Castro.
Gnham. Sacrifice hit — Schmidt. Double play
— Francis to Btck to Freeman. L«ft on bases-
Portland 4. Oakland 5. Hit by pitched ball —
By Schmidt. 1. Time of game — One hour and
ten minutes. Umpire llu.non.
Game Is Won by Ecan.
SEATTLE, May 4. — Tacoma won
her first game in Seattle on Egan's
long drive to center in the sixth for
three bags, scoring Thomas and Casey.
Score:
Seattle — , Taccma —
AB.R. H. P. A. AB.R. II. P. A.
Vnlllt. cf.3 O 1 S « Casey, 2b-4 1 1 « -J
Mohlr. 2b. t O 1 2 2 Shehn. ."b. I 0 o t '.
Smith. rf.S O O 7 0 Ndyk. lb.3 0 0 9 »•
Frisk, If.. 2 0 1 1 0 Kagan. s..'J 0 2 1.".
Hall S...4 0 0 2 2 Lynch, cf.4 0 O o o
Brsh'r, lb.:: 10 7 0 McLin, lf.2 0 O O t»
Deity. Sb.r. Oil l:Hnvn, rf..3 0 1 3 «
Wilson, c.S O O 4 liGrahm. c.3 O l> 1 3
Hughs. p.O 0 0 0 O Thorns, p.2 1 t> O t
Barber, p.SOOOD
Total3.28 2 4 27 15
Totals. 2S 1 4 27 01
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 O 0 0 O 1 0— I
Base hits 2 0 » 1 0 0 0 1 0— *
Tacoma 0 O t> 0 f> 2 O O 0 —^
Base hits 0 I O I O 2 0 0 0 — t
SUMMARY.
Earned run — Tacoma 1. Error — Nordyke.
Three-base> hit— Eagan. Stolen haje — Haisni
vau. Sacrifice hit— Smith. Double plays— Bar
ber. Lall and Brashear. Bases on balls— Oif
Hughes 1. off Barber U. off Thomas S. Struck
out — By Hughes 1. by Barber 1, by Thomas 2.
Time of game — 1 hour and 30 minutes. Um
pire — O' Connell .
¦ ? ¦
XEW YORIv BATS3IEX PROVE
STRONG WTTH THE WILLOW
Pitcher Willis of Boston Lasts but
Two RouncLs — Joe Corbctt looses
to Cincinnati. 7 ,
(National.) • 1 (American.)
W. L. Pct.j W. U Pet.
Xew York. 10 4 ."HJBoston ...12 .'5 .80H
Chicago ..8 « .571 Phll'phia . » B .*43
Brooklyn . 8 « .571 >Tew York. S 5 .«ir.
(¦^n'nati ..9 7 .5tt2;st. Loula.. 8 6 .571
Plttsburg . 5 1«> .XUi, Chicago . . S> 8 .52:»
PhU'phta . 2 12 .143 Detroit ... 7 7 .500
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ROSTOV, May 4. — New York wen a batti.t
game from Boston to-day. Wlllla ivas batifil
out of the box in two innings. Fisher suc
ceeded him and was effective except In the
seventh, when misplays in the field put him in
difficulties. McOlnnity was wild and Ineffect
ive, but had winning support from his- team.
Attendance, 1O0O. Score:
R. H. B.
New York*. H 14 1
Bostcn a 10 I
JJatterics^ — McGinnity ard Warner; Willisi.
Fisher and Moran. Umpires — Zimmer and Mi —
ran.
CINCINNATI. May 4. — For the second tim»
during the present series the Cincinnati over
came what looked like a winning lead on th-3
pan of St. LouU and scored a victory. At
tendance, "SCW. Score:
Cincinnati rt •¦•'.2
St. Louis 5 10 3
Batteries — Kellum and Schlel: Corbett and
Eyers*. Umpire — D'Day.
PHILADELPHIA. May 4.— Brooklyn tied the
score In th«> ninth Innins to-day and won out
in the tenth, although the locals appeared t •>
have the game well In hand. Attendance
2100. Score:
n. h. e
Brooklyn 5 It t
Philadelphia 4 S 3
Batteries — Jones. Crcnln and E«rgen: Lush,
Breckenrldge and Dooln. Umpire — Emslie.
CHICAGO. May 4. — By bunching hits In the
third inning the locals secured a commanding
lead and were never headed. Attendance, 330i»
Score :
R. H. E.
Chicago 4 9' 3
Pittsjrarg 2 5 7
Batteries — Lundgren and Kllng; Phillippl and
Phelpa. Umpire — Johnstone.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, May 4.— Hlckey developed wiVi
r.e« In the fifth Inning and gave two bas< «
on balls after a hit. filling the bases. He wa*
taken out and Josa went in, but Carr hi:
him for three bases and won ' the game.
La Jole's batting was the feature. Attendance
1100. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit S 6 O
Cleveland .2 8 0
Batteries— Killian and Wood; Hlckey, Joes
and Abbott.
ST. LOUIS. May 4.-Glade made hi» flrsif
appearance for the St. LouU team to-day anj
largely by his efforts tha men from Chica-o
were defeated. Attendance. 15C0. Score:
Ii. jj jj
St Louis 5 10 " ;':
Chicago i 4 j
Batteries— Glade and Sugden; Altrock and
Sullivan*
NEW YORK. May 4.— Washington playea
their best pee to-day, but owing to their
Inability to hit Chesbro met defeat for t^#
third time. The visitors made a rally m t:»a
ninth, but after two runs had be»n scored tho
side waa retired. Attendance, 2500. Score:
New York <j" n* ™
Washington 3 g \
Batteries— Chesbro and Kleinow; Jaeobaon
and Klttredse.
BOSTON. May 4.— Boston won a close game
from Phuade.phta to-day, excellingr the vlsitorj.
both at bat and In the field. Attendance. 5700.
Scora:
Boston. *2 ?' E^
Philadelphia .....!!!!!!!! 2 4 ••
Batteries— Gibson ami FarrelV;* Plank and
(6709)Agnea Mack (McClary) \\~
Sixth race — One mile; four-year-olds and up-
W2O Mash (Levy> fl a
(«571O)Handprws (Magrane)
<«719)Gold Finder (Lynch> **"*" 104
(WinDandie Be!lo (Winter) .. . J io»
6V2S •Mocorlto (Welltnan) StHvHs Oi
8711 "Conger (Kirk & Co.) «"
6713 Kitty Kelly tStanfield) *******tr.7
6713 Chickadee (Rafour) to-*
6«X> Possart (Case> "* {V,
•AprreaUce allowance. ........ i-
OAKIiAWD RACETRACK— Wednesday, April 4. Weather fine. Track fast.
6723. FIRgT RACE— Six and a half furlongg; selling: 4-year-olds and up: to flrat. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. H. %. &• Str. Flo. Jockey. OP- cl 
5Ii? Fair U Anna, 4 (Figaro Sta.) .102 2 ... 2 2 lhl l&l h Crosswaite 7
55' Mar e"°. 5 <J. Qulnlan) 108 3 ... 3 2 3 3 3 1 2 3 J. T. Shehn 1»> 10
<-CSl Oscar Tolle. 6 (Klunder & C.) 110 ii 4 1 4 3 4 1 Z V, McHar.non « *
,1 Mountebank, a (Keating) 10" 1 ... « 2 6 1 5 2 4 «i F Kelly...- 10 ™
M3S8 Duke of Richelieu. 5 (Gottung) 101 5... 84 84 "2 51 McBrlde ... CO ICO
6 iH Mont - Peeress. 5 (Mrs. CofTey) 100 7 ... o !i a h B ;i ll '.' Fitzpatrlck « J»
fiO., E«tado. 5 (Vernon Stable) ICO 9 ...» 9 9 7 3 Slnnott 4 10
fiCS9 I.unga. 5 (Mr?. MeMtchaels). . 105 8- ... 7 14 7 % S 2 8 2 McKlnncn . 30 40
CO49 Titus. 4 <O. P. Romigh) 105 4 ... lu 2 2 2 ip T. .Clark... « 7-2
r-eOTl Headwater, a (D. J. Carey).. 109 i>ft ' Fletcher... 15 15
0.11 Flyer. 4 (T. H. Ryan) 103 Left J. Joneg 3 4
Time— :23'/t, :48»i. 1:14»J. 1 :21 V*. At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:19. Anna, place. 3: show.
o-L\, Marello. j>iace. 4; show, 8-5. Tolle, show 7-10 Winner, br. m. by Plaudit-Red
Belle. Trained by J. Lodge. Scratched— Resin, 'start' fair for all but Flyer and Head
| water. Won first two driving. Third handily. "Winner was played and ran a game
i race. Marelio showed Improvement. Better things were expected of Oscar Tolle.
J , Mountebank cut off on far turn. Eatado weakly ridden. Titus gave it up. Head
' v%< 35^5LJ!2^!^L a^^iIli5I. J?31 J 3 E l y ng _'. P - I ' e . v . ent ' ng Flyer from breaking.
0724. SECOXD RACK— Foor and a half furlongs: purae; 2-year-olds: value to first, $325.
Ind * X ¦ Horge an d Owner. Iwt St. vi. M- $i . Str. Fin. I Jockey! Op. Cl.
2112 ? e * Alr (T - McLaUghlln)...:. 110 1 ... 12 12 1 li.l 3 |J. Jones.... 2 S-B
(to. 0C> Sileo (El Primero Suble) 113 4 ... S 7 2 4 1 2 14 Vickery ••• 2 7-2
CWH Squire Johnson (Mrs. Miller). j 101 5 ... 2 "J 2 n 2 2 3 2 Reed 50 60
( ,L^.l c V dlnalSftrto (Summers Co.)jl08 2 ... 5%«2 5 3 4 2 J. T Shrhn « 6
(U.12) tduardo (D. F. Blakeman). .. 110 8 ... 71 8 72 51 Roach 6 ' 8
0712 6alable (Blasingame Bros.)... 105 3 ... 3 14 3 'i 6 1 6 2 Crosswaits 4 11-2
6712 George P. McNear (H. Stover) 116 7 ... 4 l>ii l" 3 \j 7 3 F Kelly.... 0 10
C082 Roman Lady (Macdonough) . .. 101 6 ... « 1 5 lijS 8 Holbrook ..30 4l>
Time— :24. :48}j. :54»i. At post *3 minutes. Off at 2:45. Air, place 11-20; show out.-
Sileo. place. 7-5; *bow, 7-10. Johnson, show, 8. Winner br. f. by'Pirate of Penzance-
Fragrance. Trained by T. McLaughlin. Scratched— Mogregor. Start good. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Sea Air probably beat. Vickery on Silco came- very strong
wh«n too late. Squire Johnson will win soon. Kduardo ran poorly. McNear gave it up
In the stretch. Cardinal Sarto a disappointment.
0725. THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt Sy. U. %. *«. Sir. Fin. j J«ckejv Op. ' Cl.
0 !* L Uowaho - 5 <H.. Stover) 95 3 1 2141 ."» 12 12 1 n» (CrosBwaite 4 7
61IO Golden Light. 6 (Bianchl). . . 100 4.2 1 2 1}J2 2 23 2 1 J. Jones.... 9-5 »-5
6.10 Ada N. 0 (Antrim. Stable) 9»| 1 8 G2 5 1 42 34 McBrlde ... 9-5 7-5
6710 Glenrice, 4 (J. Guthrie) 101 j 5 3 H S Vi 3 1 5 1 4 2 Holbrook .. 20 25
6C54 Pftrolla. 4 (D. . McCarthy). ... 10.J 2 4 % 4 n 413 1^3 1 J. T. Shehn! 15* 15
Si°.i "• Clay Rye. a (T. CrysJcr). 103 7 5h 5n 63 6 2 6."! McKlnnon . 15 30
C060 Can^Jo. a (Kirk &.Co.) lftO 8 7 n J |i 1 3 7 5 7 5 Herbert ... 10 13
C(i74 Cloche d'Or, 4 (Mrg. Coffey)... m\ e « h 8 8 8 8 . Fltzpatrick | 15 30
Time— :24U. :49>*i. l':]5U' 1:12. 1:541:. At post l*i minutes. Off at 3:06»4. IUowaho place
ll-r»; show. 9-10. Light, place. 1-2; show 1-3. Ada show. 1-4. Winner b. h by
Iroquois-Sif Jr. Trained by H. Stover. Scratched— Refjwald. Prestolus Moor! Invictus.
S-tart good. Won in a hard drive of three. Illowaho lasted Just long enough. Golden
Light ran his Tacc. If i\da N had not been cut off half a dozen times she would have
won. Canejo ran a poor race. OJenrice quit.
4>72O. FOURTH RACE— One mile and 100 yards; hndcp. : 3-year-olds & up; to first, ?500.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. Vi. ?i . Str. Fin. Jockey. [ Op. Cl.
(671fi) Ananias. 3 (J. F. Schorr)/ 092 12 13 12 12 1% Reed .. . 3~ THs
0(190 Joe Lesser. C (H. D. Beams)., ltti 3 4 n 3 2 2 1 2 1^2 4 J. T Shehnl « 7
(J710 Gateway. :; (LoUridRf)... f»fi 4 3 1 4 1 4 3 3 1» 3 3 2 J Jones... :; 7-2
fiTlt Carat. 5 (McAllister & Co.)... UO fi 2 n 2 n ." 1 4 1 4 'j Roach .... 10 15
«C78 Dlvlna. 5 (El Primero Stable). 107 872 5h8 62 51 1 Vickery ... . « 10
(«714) Caronal. 4 (Chappell & Co.).. Ill 78 8 i 14 7 2 6 3 |T Butler N 5 K
C7C8 Orclian. 3 (Edgewood B. F.).. 90 151 fih 52 53 72 (Herbert ... SO 5O
t;TOt Flush of Gold a (Blasingame) 96 5U172618 8 !< 'rosswaite B 8
eeflSJGorgalette^^fJ.D.FItzgerald)!!©© Left |Sinnott 6 8
Time— :24«4. :19, 1:14%; l:40U. 1:45*4. At post l'i minutes. Off at 3:30 Ananias place
«-5: show. 3-5. Lesser, place. 3; show, 3-2. Gateway show, 3-5. Winner ch." c hy
Ocean Vicw-Wraclous. Trained by J. F. Schorr. Scratched— Veterano Start good for
all but Gorgalette. Won all driving. Ananias had good racing luck and stood a drive
Joe Lesser ran a swell race. Gateway has gone back some. Carat did fairly well
Divina no account. Caronal never dangerous. Flush of Gold no speed.
C7JI7. FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; purse; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $025.
Index Horse and Owner. WtiSt. U. 'i- « 4 . Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op! cT.
0715 Louis Wagner, 0 (Blakeman) 110 3 ... 11 1 h 1 n 1 ns jvickery ... 4 0-2
5495 Royal Rogue. 5 (Xealon) 107 1 ... 2 \t, 3 1 3 n 2 ns JF. Keily 5-2 5
0721 John A. Scott, 4 (M. Jones).. 110 2 ... 3 1 2 n 4 2 3 v t |j .Tones 7-10 1-2
C61.T My Surprise. 4 (Mouncc) 107 7 ... 5 2 4 3 2 >.$ 4 3 Holbrook .'. HO 5O
0007 Oronte. 4 (Piedmont Stable)... 110 4 ... 7 7 5 2 6 2 Roach 20 5©
6»46 Rosebud, 5 (C. Parker) 105 5 ... Cl 6 2 7 «3 McKinnon ,j 10O ISO
8479 Oroaius. 4 (Bally & Donlch.). 1071 U ... 4 >i 5 2 «2 7 |McHannon | 20 50
Time — :24ty. :49. 1:OSU. At post 7 minutes. Off at 4:02. Wagner, place, 3-5; show,
out. Rogue, place. 6-5: show, 1-2. Soott, show. out. Winner, ch. h. by Wagner-
Jtfarehma. Trained by H. Robinson. Scratched — Geisha Girl. Victoria S. Olympian.
J T S. Adnor. Start good. Won in a hard drive of .four. Vickery on winner saved
ground on • the stretch turn. Scott no excuses. Royal Rogue looked best and should
,have won with a more Intelligent ride. My Surprise ran his race. Oronte a bad actor;
delayed start.
O72S. SIXTH RACE! — One mile and 50 yards; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. V*. Vi- ?4- Str. Fin. j Jockey. ] Op. CL
6696 Forest King, 5 (Jones & Co.) 104 2 4 1 5 1U5 2 3 >4 LJUiMcBride ... 1 9-10
6702 Laocoon. 3 (Mrs. Coffey) 94 5 5 1 3 !j 2 H 1% • 1 J. Jones.... 3 4
(t;t:li«) G W. Trahern. 5 (Summers). 1111 4 :t *$ 2 'i 3 2 Vt 3 3 J. T Shehn 6 !»
6674 Solon, a (T. H. Ryan) 101 C 6 1»44 1 4 1 5 2 4 1 ', Crorswaite 6 7-2
<e«G2) Byronerdale, 4 (J. M. Crane). IIOI' 3 2^62 62 64 5S Roach 4 7
C720 Mocorlto a (J. Ryan) |101| 1 11 In l»i^l 65 Reed 15 30
t C*Q4 Major Tenny. 5 (Piedmont S.)|109| 7 7 I 1 7 7 F. Kelly.... 10 20
Time— :26. :*0, 1:1514. 1:41',4. 1 :«'/». At post *.»VS minutes. Oft at 4:25»i. King.
• place, 2-5; show. out. Laocoon, place, 11-10; show. 1-2. Trahern. show 1. Winner,
br. h. by Handsome-Superba. Trained by S. J. Jones. Scratched — Oro Viva, Estraza.
Start good. . Won first three driving hard. Forest King was pocketed a good portion
• of the route and was fortunate to get through on stretch turn. Laocoon ran his race.
So did G. W. Trahern. Roach could do nothing with Byronerdale. Mocorito quit.
Angels Show Burst of Speed
and Fall Short by a Bun
When Contest Is Closed
De Eeszke Captures the Co
rona Stakes After a Hard
Stretch Drive With Akela
Allows Fonr Hits in the
Third, Which Net Three
Kuns, and Then Is Steady
FIVE MEN SCAMPER HOME
SCHMIDT IN DISTRESS
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
JAMAICA'S CLOSING DAY
Mr. Wheelers £asy Offerings
Are Pleasing to the Mem
bers of Uncle's Collection
Hildebrand Finds the Big
Horse Has No Speed and
Lets Him Gallop Home
Oakland Batsmen Land on
the Portland Twirler in
the First Two Innings
Breaks the World's Record in the Shotput,
Beating Yale, Harvard and Princeton Men.
Stanford Track Team Goes to Chicago
GAME DECIDED
IN THE FIRST
BUTLER MAKES
A BAD START
ROSE, THE CALIFORNIAN ATHLETE,
ASTONISHES THE EASTERN MEN
BETTORS LOSE
TO M'CHESNEY
CALIFORNIA ATHLETES WILL BE PROMINENT IN THE EAST THIS SEASON
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, ..THURSDAY, MAY ,5, 1901
John A. Scott v Finishes Third in a Highly
Exciting Contest With Louis Wagner and
Royal Rogue — Three • Favorites in Front
ANANIAS TAKES THE HANDICAP
AND CREATES A COAST RECORD
10
rheumatism f"%
. VO DREAD OF WINTER
The cold, misty rain?, northerly winds and damp, |lr»<5S^
I cloudy days of winter arouse the old pains and aches
snd bring out all the misery of Rheumatism. All rheu- 4wB&£h&&3Ssmk
i;:atic troubles spring from a too acid blood, and the l^^^^^^^l
deposit of gritty, iritating particles of acrid matter in the ' r 'Tp|^^^«r
joints and muscles, producing keen,- cutting pains, inflam- C| «': i i;''!i:'«MES**«*
maWand swelling and -. Ba.t Lirerpool, Ohio. July 28, 1903.
a feverish condition of the I had b.«n troubled with Bhiumiti.nTVor two
Whole svstem. ' T»»r»,Ja««nnd«r treatment of physician* »nii
Rheumatism, having it. &tS^S^SnSSS^X^X&iSSi^i.
origin in the blood, requires no !, ut * thtl ?« *7 nnterjeintB were al«o affected
an internal r«n«;tit« tional J2 th ?i X « ota4 BO * mw..* Could barely ret out with
an internal, constitutional the aid of a cane. I was unable to do toy household
remedy to stop it. External w ,g rtc » •«* "•• tmly in a pitiable condition, c, -
treatment only relieves for a ¦&rttA^^^tt2XK&&'-
time. Liniments and plasters tati»rly recommend It to all rheumatic aufrerera.
produce counter- irritation > mks. MABIAHDEOKiiB.
and scatter the pains, but they collect at some other point, and Rheumatism
goes on season after season, finally becoming^ chronic, and the joints and
ri n 11150^ always stiff 'and* sore': * l .-*.'•
f^J (^ (W , S. S. S. neutralizes and'filters out of the blood and
\^N^ \^>^ system all poisonous acids and unhealthy matter,
Knh/J KJ )) Kmv and 1#n Vi ' ?° ratcs and tone's- up the sluggish organs/and
**^ the cure is thorough and;lasting.. S.S.S. 11 is guaranteed
purely vegetable, unequaled as a blood purifier, and greatest of. all tonics."
Write for our book on Rheumatism. Medical advice and all information
' Itf^™*?*^* 1 * 6^ THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA,
ADVEBTISEMENT5.FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Balls.
City Seattle.. Skagway,& Way Ports. May 6
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports. May 0
Bertha. .. Valdea & . Way Ports.. May 10
Corwln...... Nome May 13
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. May 13
Santa Ana... Valdea A Way Ports.. May 16
Sun rises • .' V. i ...'..' 5:09
Sun sets '.;.." • ....7:04
Moon rUes 0 : CO a. m.
a ITimel JTlmel Time JTimeL ¦
g I Ft. J Ft. I Ft. Ft.
"k 2U5 4.7 9:45 ' 0.4 6:05 4.6 10:021 3.2
tf 5:42 4.3 10:35 0.7 «:00 ,4.6 11:20 3.2
7 4:43 4.011:29 1.0 6:40 4.6
L. W H W L W H W
8 0:30 3.0 6:0S 8.0 12:17 1.3 7:26 4.9
9 1:25 2.7 7:12 3.8 1:10 .1.5 8:05 B.O
10 2:10 2.1 8:14 3.0 1:54 1.7 8:401 ' 6.1
11 2:52 1.5 8:07 4.2 2:35 1.9 0:10) 5.2
NOTE-i-In the abov* exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are. elven in, the left
band column and the suc«salve .tides of ; the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; th»
The etaanier Francie H. Leggett, which sails
to-day' fer Midway by way; or Honolulu, car
rlei the material for the conitnictlon or a
InW of bulldlngt at the cable station on
Sand Wand of the Midway »roup. As : pa«-
S?nVera on the L*r B ett will- be twcnty-rour
highly BkilleU mechanic*, who, with twenty-
Will Build at Midway:
CAX.L . subioribari contemplatlntr . a,
eluutre of . r«iid«ne* dnrlur the . summer
months . can have : their : paper forwarded
by, mull to their new 'address by aottf 7
jair THE CAliIi - Bnilneaa i Offloe. ; This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and' Is represented by a local
Rarest In all towns oa tHe coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR -THE SUMMER..
The Alaska Fish Products Company
Was* infcorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of 5250.000. The direct
ors are' H.'*P. Umbsen. H. »1. Whltely.
E,B. Davis, L.M. ( Hoeffler and P. P,
Austin. ¦ ." " ' \ ,- *
V The Baldwin Theater Company, of
which W. Z. Tiffany. John Sroufe
Theodore Rothschild, Marcus M. Blum
and E. J.. Lynch. are the directors, has
a capital stock of 120,000. ."
New Incorporations.
ARRIVED.
• Wednesday, May 4.
Stmr DM Norte, Payne, 80 hours from
Crescent City. ; - . ;
Stmr F A Kllburn. Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port llodgerB. '
Stmr Oregon,- Do ran, 57^ hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41 tf. hours..- ;
Stmr Cella, Norberg, 18 hours from Albion.
Btmr" James 8 . Hlmtlna."' Hi(fKlns, 14 hours
from Fort Bragg; bound south; put In to land
Pa stmr Acapulco, Russell, 25 days 2 hours and
47 minutes from Panama, .via San Bias 0 daya
19 hours and 49 minutes. >¦
Stmr Empire, Macgrenn, 60 hours from C003
Bay. - ~ ¦•••'. "¦"¦;'.¦"'•¦' •- > ¦¦ ,¦'¦¦>
¦ Nor stmr Hero, . Syvertscn, 88 hours, from
Ladycmlth. RH|^kgx^^Bat%l'"nffl*9IB*jlla|Si*MU
Stmr .Whltesboro, Olsen, 11 - Iiours - trom
Shipping Intelligence.
THURSDAY. MAT' 8.
NOTK— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Miaslon-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at 'both p'acrs.
United States Crfast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance t«' San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
th» -Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and .Tide.
The application of Attorney
George D. Collins for a writ of er
ror in the contempt proceedings
*;ig^lnst Adolph Ottinger, the ticket
broker, vox denied by Judge Heb
&urd yesrterday. Collins says he will
t;tke the matter to the United States
Supreme Court.
Ilebbard Refuses Collins' Writ.
The new steamer Cabrlllo. built at San Pe-;
dro and here to receive her engines, j attracted
considerable attention yesterday at Mission,,
•treet wharf, where machlnlsU. riKgers and ship
carpenter* are putting on the finishing touches.'
The Cabrlllo was built at San Pedro by Wil
liam Mullet for the Wilmington Transporta
tion Company and Ullbj used oo the run be
tween San Pedro and Catalina Island. Her
engines, built by the United Engineering Com
oany are of the four-cylinder type, triple ex
pansion and of 1500 horsepower. It 1* expected
that the CabrlHo will make about 14 knots.
Khe will be ready to go Into commission in
two months. She will have accommodations
fos more than 1000 passenger*. She Is 1»4 feet
long 32 feet beam and will draw about 13 feet,
che Is to be «n oil burner. Her tanks will
hold 23,000 gallons of the liquid fuel, sufficient
to last the Cabrtllo for fifteen days. Even In
her unflnlshed condition her. appearance Is at
tractive. She Is said to be well built and prom
ises to be unusually handsome.
Cnbrillo a Handsome Vessel.
Charters.*
The French bark Marie Mollnos, whlcn made
port yesterday, waa chartered prior to arrival
for wheat to Europe.
. The - barkentlna Archer returns to Honolulu
with general cargo.
The, $1,600,000 estate of Jacob Z.
Davis, the capitalist, who died in 1896,
which Jias been the cause of almost
endless\ jltigratlon since his death, is
ab'out-to-:be' taken .out of. the courts.-
Judge- -Goffey made an order yester
day distributing the 'last parcel of
realty remaining In the estate to Liz
zie Muir. arid -Bell Curtis, .'rniec^a.
of * the ' deceased.; The - order
was- made . in the face of . vlff or oua. op
position by Laura E. Tracey '.and
Catherine Btead,.a.rid other relatives of
deceased,\wh.o."cjaim that the will ]»n
der^hich Mi*. Muir. and Mrs. CuVtlS
inherit the property was forged! 5 .^ ..»
Judge Coffey: Grants the Petition, of
Lizzie Mulr and "Bell
'_ Curtis.
Emily Reed Arrives.
The American ship Emily Reed arrived yes
terday. 80 days from Newcastle. Australia,
with 2182 tons of coal.
ESTATE OF JACOB DAVIS
- IS ORDERED DISTRIBUTED
The rate of reinsurance on the Lamoriciere
was advanced yesterday to 80 per cent. The
ftther overdues are: Lamoraa, 90 per cent,
arid 'Alba, 10 per cent.
The Overdue List.
..Jud^o Kerrigan Discharges Order Is
e - Micd In Connection With the Ks
tate of Arthur Harper.
. The order directing Leon Sloss, as
executor of the will of Arthur Har
per, and T. A. McOowan, J. M. Wil
son. W. B. Prinifle and J. B. Chamber
lain, to. appear and show what they did
with c«rrtain valuable papers and doc
.uments belonging to the estate of Har
\ peir i was discharged yeeterday by
Judge Kerrigan. The court found that
rhere was no truth in the chance of
concealing: the property preferred
against . the respondents by Alfred
"Harper through his attorney, George
D. Collins.
CHARGE AGAIXST SLOSS
IS FOUXD GROUNDLESS
The Alaska Packers' Association steamer
Nuehagak, which sailed 'Tuesday for Bristol
Bay, returned to port yesterday on account of
the heavy northwest wind. The high wind
stirred up considerable sea and, in rolling, the
Nuihagak shifted part of her heavy cargo.
Nushagnk Returns.
With a full cargo and many passenger* the
Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Sierra
will sail at 2 o'clock this afternoon for Hono
lulu and the Antipodes. Her passengers will in
clude the members of the American Travesty
Company, which recently concluded a success
ful engagement at the Grand Opera-house, and
is petting forth to try its luck with colonial
audiences.
Sierra Sails To-Day.
Steamer. Destlnitlon. Sails. Pier.
May 5. t'
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. 6 pm Pier 16
Iaqua...... Humboldt 1 pm Pier 2
Porao Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am ?ler 11
Umatilla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Sierra Sydney & ¦ Way. . . 2 pm Pier 7
May 6. .
Empire.... Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
May 7. »
Centralia... Grays 'Harbor. ..... 4 pm Pier 10
H.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Spokane.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier* 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Oregon..... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Mongolia... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Acapulco. . . N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
May 8. '
Eureka..... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
May 9.
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
< May. 10. i
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Arcata Coos B. A Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Senator.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 11.
SeqVila. . . . Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
Arctic. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Newburg... 3rays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
S. Crut San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
May 19. '
G. W. Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Amer. Maru China A Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40.
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor... pier —
May. 14. <
Alameda... Honolulu ....11 am Pier 7
Jeanle.. ... . Seattle &. Tacoma. 10 am Pier 20
San Pedro.. Humboldt .....:... 4 pm Pier 2
Aurelia Astoria &; Portland 12 m Pier 2
i- May 15. •
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. |U am Pier 9
TO SAIL.
At the meeting of the Harbor Commis
sioners yesterday the board was advised that
the new engine for the Belt Railroad from
the Baldwin Locomotive Works had arrived.
The engine cost $8320. The rental of the newry
constructed shed for the Pacific Steamship
Company was fixed by the board at (100 per
month. . ,
Harbor Commission Meets.
Captain Saumlers of the bark St. Cather
ine reports that February 13, In 23.00 north,
142.15 west, while on the way to Hllo, he
sighted what appeared to be a ship's lower
ma«t. It was In an upright position, about
ten feet .of It being above water. Captain
Saunders thought the rigging was still at
tached .and that it was the weight of the
clinging gear whlrh caused the spar to main
tain Its perpendicular . position. The end of
the spar appeared charred. It was a bright
spar, darkened by exposure, and there were
no barnacles on it.
Passes Ship's Lower 3Iast»
eight Japanese laborers to be engaged at Hono
lulu. Will put up the buildings. There will be
a residence for the operators, an office build
ing »nd an Ice plant. The buildings will* fee
substantial aSairs and arranged to make life
comfortable at possible for the operators Iso
lated at the lonely mid-ocean port. Mllliker
Bros, of New York are the contractors In
charge of the work, which will be done under
the personal supervision of Superintendent R.
R. Cook and Assistant Superintendent W. G.
Greenfield, who will accompany the men and
material on the Leggett.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro X May 5
Rival.. Jtumboldt May 5
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pta. May 5
Spokane Humboldt May- 5
Point Arena. . Mendodno &. Pt. Arena May 5
I&qua San Pedro '. May 6
Newburg.... Grays Harbor May 6
Eureka. . Humboldt May 6
North Fork.. Humboldt May 6
Sequoia Willapa Harbor May 6
Senator Puget 1 . Sound Ports.... May. 6
G. Dollar. ... Grays Harbor May. 7
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor ....May 7
¦ Wvefleld..... N'analmo May 7
Centralla.... ,San Pedro May 7
Nome City... 'San Pedro May 7
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor May 7
M. Dollar.... San Pedro May. 7
Argo Eel River Ports May : 7
Arcata • Coos Bay & pt. Orford. May 8
Pomona...... Humboldt May 8
Santa Cruz..' San Pedro & "Way Pts. May 8
Jcanle Seattle & Tacoma .... May 8
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria May 0
Arctic Humboldt May 9
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. May «
Tellus Oyster^ Harbor May 10
Aurella. ..... Portland & Astoria May 10
Porno Point Arena & Albion. May 10
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor ........ May -10
Alameda..... Honolulu ., ...May 10
CltyPuebla.. Pugct Sound Ports.... May 11
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. May 12
Peru New York via Panama. May 13
Doric China & Japan May 14 -
Oregon....... Portland & Astoria May 14
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom.... May 14
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla May 15
I NEW STEAMSHIP CABR1LLO,
V/HICH WILL RUN BETWEEN
! SAN PEDRO AND CATALINA.
A Very Prrtty Art Supplement, "Cali
fornia BniMlng** at the St. Louis
. • .]"KxposiUon, Fwe With Next
Sunday's CalL
- The California State building at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition, at St.
,lk»uis. stands on a hill, in a conspicuous
position, near the center of the Exposl
,'tjon icrounds. While there are many re
..mfrkable buildinps that will attract the
* -nt fen t ion of Bullions of visitors while
the Exposition gates are open, there is
- not o:i<? U;at has more Intrinsic interest
than the California building.
It is a reproduction, with great fidelity
j:o detail, of the famous Santa Barbara
Mission. To mako the reproduction per
fect ¦ the front has bern chipped and
f-tain^d and grass seeds have been sown
" bptTvtr-*-n t!ie flagstone pavements, that
the ravages of timp and the characteris
tics to the most minute degTees may be
l>rcsor:ted to the spectator, who may
thereby see a vipta of historical Interest
•. exactly in accordance with the original.
.The stnry is current that no woman
his b^^n allowed to enter the garden ot
• the Santa. Barbara Mission, althoug-h
"th^re may have tx»en a few exemptions.
At St. LouiJ* the famous garden !s en
tirely reproduced. The fountain is in the
•"•enter; the old wooden benches are Imi
tated and are placed as 1n the Santa Bar- ;
. baci Mission garden. The same varieties
-of plants thnt have bloomed for more
than a. century for the padres of Santa i
JJfcrhara will make up the garden show
at ist. Louis. Superintendent McLaren
of Golden <"»ate Park has been given
< hj^rpe of the collection of such plants.
SamueJ SCewsom, the architect of the
buildinp. Visited Santa Barbara several
linu-p and made a study of the garden,
as well as of the building and Its sur
¦ Toundinps. for exposition purposes.
Every Californian will wish to have a
;.H-ture"of the California building at St.
l>'.m:s.
The California State structure stands
.roxt to- the Illinois State building, and
the Fraternal Hall and Temple Ir.n are
its neighbors. Not far away is the great
ApricuJtural building, tlie largest struc
.turf "in the world, having twenty acres
>?r>dcr o:io roof. Directly opposite the
<"?.-3^ifornIa building are the Japanese
gardens.
The California building has a facade
*Hi0 fert long. The depth of the main
structure is 45 feet. At the back is a
Jectote hail, <0x3?5 feet in size. The floor
plan ;iac» s an assembly hall in the cen
ter. This is heavily beamed, in the Mis
sion style, with trunks of trees. Out
Jrom the assembly hall are the men's
parlor and women's parlor. Back of the
assembly hall is the office and Informa
tion bureau. On the upper floor of the
building the rooms are arranged in
»?uitcs for the accommodation of the
"commissioners, the secretary of the com
mission and the families of the official
party, who will dwell therein during the
Exposition.
' CALIFORNIA AT THE EXPOSITION*
fourth time column gives the last tide of. the
day, except when there are but tnree tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given ore In
addition to the sounding of"the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrotrrnphic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Ca!.,
May 4 1P04.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at r.oon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C.- BURNETT,
Lieutenant,- U. -S. N., in charge.
+~
Movements of Steamers.
Among the Acapulco's passengers
was Adolfo Meyer, president of the
Quezaltenango railroad. Joseph Z.
Dye, superintendent of the Darlen
mines, also returned on the liner.
, J. C Wilson, mate of the Colon, mar
ried one of the liner's passengers at
San Jose de. Guatemala two days be
fore the Colon was wrecked. Mrs. Wil
son, who was formerly Mrs. Schmld,
wife of a local artist, returned on the
Acapulco with her sailor husband.
The Acapulco's passengers .included
the flowing named:
Vincent Garland. MUs -Agnes Oariand. Mies
Gertrude Garland. Joseph Z. Dye, Miss Julia
Frazer. Francis W. Mark. General Lleandro
Letona. Mrs. DoriU de Letona. MUs Sarah Le
f-na. MIm Julia Letona. Santiago Letona. J«hn
L Wilson Mrs. John U Wilson. WMUun-D.
Sullivan Fred M. Diet*. Julius XV. Taylor.
Michael "D Sullivan. John M. Campbell, Dan
iel Tarley James F. Baker, Harry G. Stevens.
EdwaVd R CMthbert. Erie Edelmann. Adolfo
Meyer Carlos B. Lastreto. Mrs. Olive Pollt*,
Mrs Virginia Vaniandt, Juana Gutulrrex. Ce
cilia Ramlre*.
Among her passengers was Francis
W. Mark, British Consul at Valparaiso.
He tried to go ashore at Champerico,
but was turned back by the authorities.
Purser Thompson says the gross Ignor
ance of the Guatemalan military au
thorities was responsible for Mark's
l)clng excluded, but the Acapujco's pas
sengers declare that Mark's caustic and
freely expressed criticisms of the Gua
temalan Government made on board
to all who would listen had . been re
ported to the authorities, who decided
that the Consul was a good man to
keep out of the country.
Mark said yesterday that it was
a "mere trifle."
The Acapulco's departure from Pana
ma was delayed by a strike among the
dock laborers and the liner left the
Isthmus in ballast- Two days after her
departure the strike was settled. She
brought 1123 tona of cargo, which In
cluded 9000 bags of coffee and 700 bags
of BUgrar.
"Aie Acapulco sails again for Panama
et noon, Monday next. Stevedores
worked all last night discharging her
cargo and this morning she will go
on the drydock to be cleaned and
painted. ;.-.* :
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship Acapulco. Captain W. J. Russell,
arrived yesterday, from Panama with
the crew of the wrecked liner Colon on
board. Captain Irvine and Second Of
ficer Thompson remained at Acfijutla
with the wreck: Captatn Irvine to look
out for the interests of the underwrit
ers and Thompson as representative of
the Pacific Mall Company. All the rest
of the ship's company came home on
the Acapulco.
The officers of the wrecked steam
ship have little to add to the details al
ready published. The vessel struck
twice and was hopelessly damaged
from the start. When she reached the
beach her engines were moving slowly,
her fires being out and the steam near
ly all spent. Before she was beached
the water in her hold was eleven feet
deep and the vessel was far down by
the head and rapidly sinking. All on
board landed without much difficulty.
The wrecked passengers continued the
trip on the Barracouta.
Rlvor " ' ¦
Schr Albion. Olien. 4 days from Sluslaw
Klver. ,, . >.'
CLEARED.
-Wednesday. May 4.
Nor stmr Titanta, : Egenes,. Nanalmo;^yireBt
ern Fuel ComDany. - - ' '". "
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, . Eureka;-. Pacific
Coast Steamship Company. ¦ . ' .
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Dl
tgo; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Br jstmr Wdllnirton. McKcllar. Ladysmlth;
R Dur.Fmulr Sons Co.
Br ship County of Kinross, Collins; Vancou
ver; O W MeNear. , '
Bark W B Flint. Johnson. Honolulu; Alex
ander & Baldwin. " • '•¦
Schr Q W Watson. Weltku«at. Portland;
Hind, Rolph & Co. -..
j ¦ SAILED.- ¦ t
"," Wednesday, May 4.
Stmr FA Kllburn. Jahnsen, Port Rodgers. -
Stmr Signal, Bendegard. Cods' Bay.'
Nor stmr Tttania. Egenes. Nanaimo.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, Eureka.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, Eureka. • .\\, '* ~
Stmr Czarina. Johnson. Coos Bay.
Br stmr Wellington. McKellar. Ladysmtth.
Nor Ehlp Theodor, Tisland, Algoa via
Port Townsend. J ¦ ¦'-¦ ¦¦•
Ship Btar of Italy, Wester, Pyramid Harbor.
Schr Jas H Bruce, Swanton, Willapa Harbor.
Pchr Jennie Griffin. Gibson. Bollnas.
Schr Guide Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr J M Weatherwax, Backman^Tacoma.
RETURNED.,
May 4— Btmr Nushasrak, Luirsen, hence May
3 for Bristol Bay; returned on account of
strong northwest wind* and shlftlnr cargro.
Stmr, Edith, hence May 4 for Tacoma; re
turned on account of burttlnsr steamplpe.
SPOKEN, ou*^
April 14 — Lat 6 N. Ion 29 W, Br ship
Anaurus from Hambunc, for Pijpet Sound.
April B — Lat 19 S. Ion 37 W»Br ship Car
narvon Bay, from Shields, for Port Los An- {
geles. ' •
April 14 — Lat 6 N. Ion 2D W, Br ship Hamp
ton from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles.
Feb 3— Lat 25 S, Ion 130 W, Br ship Chll
tonford,. f rom Taeoma, for Queenstown. # ;
TELEGRAPHIC. .
POINT LOBOS, May 4, 10 d m —^Weather
hnzy; wind NW; velocity 28 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC- PORTS.
FARALLON ISLANDS— Passed May 4, 8
a m — Ship Emily Reed, from Newcastle, Aus.,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE-^Arrlvod May 4 — Stmr City of
Seattle from" Skasrway.
SOUTH BEND — Sailed May 4 — Stmr Se
quoia; for San Francisco. .
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived ¦ May 4 — Stmr
South Bay, from Eureka. \
Arrived May 4 — Stmr SantaiRosa, from San
Diego, and sailed for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Sailed May 4— Stmr Centralla,
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived May 4 — Stmr Cen
trally and Bchr Azalea, from Redondo; stmr W
H Krusrer. hence May 2.
Sailed May 4 — Schr Susie M Plummer, for
Seattle; schr. Alice McDonald, for Everett.
Sailed May 4 — Stmr Chas Nelson, for . San
Francisco, with schr O M KellOKK In tow for
Eureka.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed May 4— Stmr
Scotia, for San Francisco. ¦
- EUREKA — Arrived May 4 — Stmr Lakme,
hence May 2. • '
Sailed May 4— Stmr Rival, for San Francis
co* Btmr Spokane, for San ¦ Francisco.
PORT LOS ¦ ANGELES — Arrived May 4 —
Stmr Acme, from Redondo. ,
A8TORIA— Arrived May 4^-Stmr G W Elder,
hentie May 2. /
HUENEME — Sailed May 4 — Stmr Pasadena,
for Eureka.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived May -4 — Br stmr Ml
owera, for San Francisco; U S «tmr Nero, ¦
hence April 23. . „ „
Sailed May 4— Stmr Alameda, for San Fran-
ELEELE— Sailed May 4— Bktn Hawaii,, for
8an Francisco. * -
KAHULU I— Arrived May 4 — Stmr Callfor
nlan.;from Honolulu.
Sailed May 4 — Stmr_ Callfornlan, for New
TOrk ', EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 3— Stmr City of,
Washington, .from Colon. Sailed— Stmr Yu
catan, for Colon. Cleared— Br stmr Sikh, for
Manila.
. FOREIGN. PORTS.
VICTORIA— Sailed May 3— Br stmr Empress
of China, for Yokohama; *tmr Senator, for
HAMBURQ—Salled Aoril 30— Ger bark Paul
Isenbere' for Honolulu.
SYDNEY— Arrived . May 3— Br »hlp Clan
Graham, for Port Townnend.
MELBOURNE— Arrived May • 4— Ship Ha
waiian Island, from New York.
EAST LONDON— Sailed April 30— Bktn
Alta. for Victoria. May_ 4— Bark ; Reaper, , for
Newcastle. Aus. ¦ ¦ "; :''"¦'¦ ¦ ¦ - .
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed March 2fr-Ger
bark Alsterbenr, for Newcastle, Aus.. '
' " OCEAN STEAMERS. ; ' "
NEW YORK— Arrived May 4— Stmr Prlnceea
Irene from Genoa.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 4— Stmr "Ma
jestic, from New York. .
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 4— Stmr Pre
toria, from New or k.^ig^|fi|»^^S :
Gl Stmr'°BonJta! . Glelow, 68 hou're -from San
Pedro and way ports. ««''i ¦ <
Ship Emily Reed; Davldeon, 89 days from
Bktn Tam O'Shaoter, Slmmie, 3 days from
"Bktn Chehalle, 8impson. 6 days from Colum
b V 'lchr Bind«r Brother*; Wet««l. 3 day« from
SI 6thr W Coqufue, Peterson, 4 day* fromCoquille
" might be considered a uniform levee to
Vurrhund the two islands In the river.
'Although the districts escaped an
pi-pflow this year. It was only by a
y<exy narrow margin and this fact so
• preatly discouraged the men in the dis
tricts that they decided to take early
action to anticipate any possible trou
• Me in the future. The work which
'tb«»y eor.t^mf'late will cost about
5*0,000.
Th'<? gathering decided to appoint H.
V.. Crew, a w<i!-known engineer, to
makt -surveys of the levee system.
which la about forty miles In extent,
with n view of increasing the present
hficlit to about five feet above the
biphest known record of the waters.
.This record was "made last March.
ifhen the waters of the river rose two
feet abwe the wharf at Isleton.
Engineer Crew was Instructed to
submit' a report three weeks hence and
r f"ncon>r*rate to It his ideas as to what
(rota threatened fl»x>ds, and plans were
partially agreed -upon for future im
provenvnu?.
j^nd J. I* CtB r;o?=ier. K. M.-'Sheehan
presided and I*. C. Thteby acted as sec
ictaiy. Three hours was occupied in
discussing the condition of the levee
system which protects tlif* districtt.
lands fioin annual overflows. The dis
tricta include about 15,009 acres of land
and v.cre represented at the meeting
by the following: Upper Andrus dis
nict, Jacob *Cel?on, Mr?. Sol Runyon
:md L.. C. Thisby; Middle Andrus dis
trict, H. 131 "La Hue. P. H. Gardiner
i »id E. M. Sheehan; Lower Andrus dis
trict, I. 6. Shadd. J. F. Dunne and
raptain Xiel?on: Branr.an Island dis
trict. Frederick W. Zeile. J. H, Butler
A confeience of trustees, represent
ing four of the more important reclam
ation district." along the Sacramento
liivfr, ••was held at the Palace Hotel
yesieiflay for the purpose of derising
jneanb for future protection of those
. Enjrfnecr Is Employed to
-. Devise Means for Future
. Trot eel ion of Interests
TRUSTEES CONFER HERE
Pacific Mail Company's Steamship Acapulco Arrives From
Panama and Way Ports Delayed by Labor Troubles
at Isthmus and ' Held Back by Strong Head 'Winds
¦ -¦;.¦
:Air<lrus and Brannan Island
- - Reclamation Districts to
-. Expend Big Sum of Money
Held Responsible for the
Stranding of the Fulton
on the Port Orford Beach
SAILS SHOET OF FUEL
United States Inspectors
Decide That He Was to
Blanie for the Accident
Captain Bert Lee of the steamer.Ful
ton was" censured and -punished yes
terday by' United . States Local Inspec
tors Bolles and Bulger for running;
short of fuel and stranding the stearn
er at Poet Orf ord on ; February ' 11, of
this year. , Captain Lee's license as «
master and was suspended, for
three months^ .In their report the In
spectors say:- . ¦¦¦
All on board except Ihe -eecond.. mat- were'
landed safely. The second mate was. killed by
the boat capsizing, and from being. struck by
a piece of timber.' 'Before leaving Portland
Captain Lee ', was informed by., the chief en- j
gineer there was only four and a half dayt
fuel on board, and that. If the weather should
be as bad on the trip to San FrancUco , as I
it had been en- the up trip to Portland there
was not enough . fuel on board to reach San j
Francisco." Captain Le<T thought the weather
would be good and the steamer "would make
San Francisco., all, right. ...
From the time the steamer Fultoa left the
Columbia Rivera until she . anchored at Port ;
Orford it was two days and .twenty hours and.
as before stated, she, had then only six hours';
fuel on board.s Captain. Lee. says he passed.
Coos Bay about ten miles oft On the. morning,
of February 6, and. at that time 'the 'wind was
light with « heavy westerly swell, \ .
After a careful consideration of the evidence i
In this case* we are of the opinion that Cap
tain B. Lee, was negligent, in. leaving' the Co
lumbia River, as he did,: with so • email aft ,
•mount of fuel. on the, vessel, more- especially
at a season 'of the. year when, heavy, south
east and southwest gak-s are prevalent on the
coast; and that, he was unskillful. -In not. try- I
ing to get the steamer into Coos 'Bay. which,
is a safe, harbor. Instead, of. Port Orford, an,
open port exposed to. southerly -winds and sea.
For reason of Bilch ; negligence, and unsklll
fulness we have" thjo date suspended his li
cense as master^and pilot for. three months.
We take occasion to remark that. In - our
opinion, had fuel' or. assistance l>een * sent ' to.
the steamer Fulton as sponas her condition
wa; known at San Francisco the vessel would
not have been wrecked. : % , (
Old Friends' Anniversary.
Old Friends' Orove'No.' 139, -United
Ancient Order of.Druids;' will' cele
brate the" second ¦ anniversary- of ' its
institution by a banquet' in the Druids'
Temple on Sutter 'street to-night. A
number of the grand officers have been
invited to attend.
CREW OF THE WRECKED LINER COLON
RETURNS FROM SCENE OF DISASTER
CAPTAIN LEE
IS SUSPENDED
PLAN TO RAISE
RIVER LEVEES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 5,, 1904.
11
t.'lasslficd A<1vPiifsors In Next
SUNDAY CALL RECEIVE
ri IKK — ITIEE — FREE
THE SIX-IN-ONE ICE PICK-
Cracks loc on Scientific
RuJB I'rindples.
IT SETTLES AN ANNOYING
HOUSEHOLD PROBLEM.
' Sec Ad on Cla»*iacd Vage.
BRING YOUR WANT AD
THIRSDAV. FRIDAY OR
SATURDAY.
XV^j^-crTTT^S JV Train* leare and •!•
[0£^£s£?\ da«to.rrlT«*t
I V) bwxju^shast* X.\ SA ji FRANCISCO.
\*«<yV -P^ JoJ r " os Ap » It *•• ww -
\^x=^3Z\/ rx»»T Dtror r"; »:
. >? Q \\f (root of Market Streei)
l.,t« - TmAIN LINE. -amiti
7.00a Vaeaviiis. Wlatcn. ltumsey 7 60p
7 00 a Bcnlcla, Salsnn. F.lmtra and Sscrv
• . • mento Z. 7-20^
7.30 a V» He Jo. K*p», C»l1*tou». Ssata
>¦-¦¦¦ ' Rom. Mmnlsez. 8«alUaaon..... 6.20i»
730* NUef, Ltvermore, Tracy, Latnrop.
8u*kton.;. 719*
100* SIw«r» • Expresa— (Via Uavls).
. V. !!Hnm« (for Uartlett Sprlns*>,
Wiaowj. trruto. iced Uuff,
Portland. Tacoom. Seattle 7-St*
8X0* D»t!s,Wo->i11»ihK Knlcbts Landing.
JlarysTille. OroTllla „ 7-50r
- 8-30* P«rt Cotta. Martiaex. Antlocii.
Byroa, Tracy, Htockton. New-
m.in. Lo* B«ao«. MCadou
. ¦¦ ¦¦' Armon*. n«nfur«l, ' Ylialla, ' « : --"=- > J .
. PorwrrlHe 4.20p
8-30* Port Coata. Latbrop. Modesto,
?- - Mereed. Freroo, -Uos&eu Jaae-
ttoo. Ilaaford, VIsalla, Bakers-
neld 4.58*
8-30* 5,'iics. Sao Jaw, Lirermore. Stook-
. ton. (tMilton), loae. Kncramenta,
riac-errttie. Ma.rjrsTllle. Chico,
Red Hlufr / ; 4-Mp
830*.Oakdnl«. t'blaete, Jam«itowa. So-
" non. Tualnmne And Angela 4.20'
9.00a AtiantlcKxpress— Ogden «nd E»st. 11.20%
9. 20* BIchtitond, Martinez aad Way
Stationa .....". f.50r
10.00* Tke Orerlnn.l Lltnited — Ugden.
Ixarer. OniaBa. Cblcago. 8-20*
IOXOa Vallejo 1220»
10.00a Lot Angelea Pasienger — Port **»•*'
Coata. Martinez, Byroa, Tracy.
Latorop. S tor let on. Merced;
Raymond. Fresno, Ooahen June- ¦
t tlon. Hanford, Lemoore. VUalia.
Bakernfl«ld. Lo« Angeien 7.88»
I2.C0m Hayward, Nlieaand Way Stations. - 3 23"
• tiOOP Sacramento UlTfr Steamers. Ml.OJr
3-30f Benlcla, Wlntsr*. Sacritmearo,
IToodland. Kalgbt» Landing,
MaryiTllIe, Ororllla aod way
umions 1060*
3.30r Hay want. Nllea aad Way Buttons.. i&Qr
S.SOe Port Costa, Marttaez. Byron. ¦ *"-',£•
" Tracy, Lattarop, Modesto.
! Merced. BrrrnUa, Fresno aad
Way Stitiuas beyond Port Cost* 12 2O
330p To»«mlte Valley. Mon.. Wed^ Frt. ».20a
3-30r Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. LoUI... 10-20*
4. OOP Martlnez.Saa lUmnn, Vailf Jo.Napa,
CalUtosa, Sanu Rosa 9 20*
4 OOr Ktlf». Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4-20r
4.30P Htyward. Xlloi. Irrlngton. Saa I tl.SOA
Joie. Llvermore ) 1 11 .60 *
6.00* The Owl Limited— V«*nti. Lo*
.V Baaoa. Menduia. TraJao. Tulare.
Bakeradeld. Los Aageies. 929*
6.00r Port Coata. Tracy, glovittoa 12-SOp
f630r Mayward. Ntles a:M S»b Jos« 7.204
6.00r Hayward, Kites and San Joss *. 9 i0*
S.QOr -Eastera Express -Ofim. Dearsr.
Umaba, St. Louis. Cblcazo *ad
East. Port Costa. Beolcta. Sul-
sun, Elmtra. Pavla, Sacramento^
Rocklin. Auburn. Coifax,
Truck??. Boca, He no. Wads-
worth, Wlnnemucca 5 20'
I.OOr Vallejo. daily, except Sunday » Tens
7.00r Tallejo, Sanday oaly ( /0( "
7.00r Klcbtnond, Saa Pablo. Port Cotta,
a MarUaei and Way Stations 11.20a
8-OSr Oreuon A California Express— Sae-
rameuto, MaryiTllle, Ke Irtlns.
N! Portland. Pnget Sound *nd Stut. 8 50*
8-IOf Haywurd. N'ilts anJSsLa Juse(dun-
dayonly) •. 11.80*.
COAST LINE <S»rrow Ua¦ R e^
(Foot of Mmfcet Street.)
7.45a Santa C'rflz Excur.4lon(Sundar only) 1-1 Or
6.1S* Kewark, OenterTtlle. Sun Jo«a,
- Felton, BiyMaer CreeS, 3»ata
Cru» and W»y Stations 5 5Sf
t2-15r Kewark, CenterTllle. San Jote,
New Almaden. Los Gato*,Pe!ton,
Boulder Creak, 8anta Cruz and
Principal W»y Stationa tlO 55*
4.18r Kewark. Saa Jose. LoaGatos and I t35S 4
waystattona ) {10 SS *
2 OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAN *T.A> CISCO. Foot of Market St. (SllpO
-17:13 »:H> 11:00 a.m. 100 300 615 r.«.
Trom OAKLAND, Foot of Broadwiy — t«:Ou (3:0
tS:Oa 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 4 00r.it.
COAS"T~LINE <«roa4 (iaage).
. HC Cl'tilrd antt Townaeml Streets.)
8.10* Saa Jose aod Way Stations 6 30r
t7-0OA' Ban Joae and Way Stationa 6 40f
7.16a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
tlon (Snaday only) 10-30?
• 00a New Almaden (Tur »., Frld., oaly), 4.10?
I 00 * The Coaster— Stops only Sao Jote.
Gllroy (connection for Hollis-
ter). Pajaav, CaatroTllle (con-
. section to aad from Monterey ~
' and Paetae Grore), Salina*. ? »a
Ardo, Paao Roblea. Santa Mar-
garita. 9»B Luti Oblspo, principal .
ttstiona thence Surf (connection
for Lompoc), principal stations
, thence Santa Barbar«.SaaBnenv
rentara, Barbankl Los Angeles . 10 4Sv
0.00a San Jote. Tres Plnot, Capttola,
SanuCruzJ'actacOroTe.Saliaaa,
San Lnls Obi»po aad Principal
Way Stations 4.10a>
10410a San Joss and Way Stations 1.20f
1140a Santa Clara, Saa Jose, Los Gatos
¦ and TV ay SUtlons 7.30r>
iJOr fian Jote and Way SUtlons 8 33*.
3-00r Del Mnste Kxprett— Santa Clara,
San Jote, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific GroTe (connects at Santa
.¦--".¦ . ' Clara, except Sunday, for Santa
0 'Crux, Boulder Creek and Narrow
Gaage Points) at Gllror for Hol-
. lister. Tres Pinoa. at Pajaro for
Santa Cruz, at Castrorllle for
Salinaa 1M5»
3-S0t Tret Pino* Way Passenger.. 10-45A
430* Han Jone aad Way Stations I3-0O*
15 00 r Sanu Clara, =aa Jote, Lot Gatot, .1&&3B
and principal Way buttons (ex-
cept Bandar) ti rS-OOA
I6.30p 8anJose»ndPrtnelpalWayStatloas 5940a
645' Bonset Limited.— Bed wood. Saa
' Jose,GUroy.Sallnas.r*.soKob:ca.
. ' San Lais Oblspo. fianta Barbara,
Lot Angeles. Iteming. El Pa«ov
Kew'Orleant. New Tork. Con-
sect* at P«]aro for Sanu Cruz
. .tad »t CMtroTfiin for Pactfle
Grore aad Way Stations , 7.13*
t8 A6r Can Mateo l Bereaford,Belnaoat.SaA
- Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto.... t8.«8*
6 30f Sun Jo«e and Wsy Stations. 833*
8-OOr Pal* Alto and Way Station! 10.15a
1 1 .30* South baa Fraacltco. M II! bra e. Bar- ¦ 7
• , -, Mlnzame,- San MAtdo, Belaont,
• - ¦ £«a Car'.os, Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Memo Park, aad Palo AUo...... 0.48P
•11.30» Maytteld, Mountain View, Snaay.
' . Tale, Lawrence. Suu Clara and
SanJone t9.4Sr
" A for Morning. . . P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday oaly. - ¦ ¦ • ,
I Stop* at all sutlons oa San Jay. ; .
far- only tralat ttoppln? at Valencia St. tontbbooad
tre«:10 a.m.. 7:0u a. «.. 7:U >-«., 11:30* n., 3:3Qra«,
*:S0t. m. and »:0Q r. ». ¦
TO SAN RAFAEL
RpSS VALLEY;
HILLVAaEY,
GAZADERO, Etc*
VU Sau»»Uto Parry.
1 Suburban Servlc«i Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart frohi San Francisco Daily 7:00,-8:00.
9-fiO 1U:00. 11;CO a. m,. 12:20. 1M3. 3:15 f| 4:15.
5-15* 6:13, 7:00. 8:45. 10:2O. 11:43 p. m.
FROM S-tN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally; 5:23. *¦•&. 7:4i>. S::5o. »:33. -11:05
a. m. I2:ao. i: 13. 2:55,' 3:43, 4 :43. 5:45.,«:«.
* : Fn'OM*Sin.l!* VALLEY TO SAN FRAX-
ciqcO — DaUy. 5:43. «:33. T:32. «:». W:53.
iS,. m. 12135. 2:00. a:13, 4:C5, 5:i!S. 0:03.
7:05 e:0O, J0:a5 p. m.
<;i;.ii. .- THROUGH TRAINS. ."
'9-00 a m dally — Casadero and way stations.
5 : 15 p. m.' week days (Saturday excepted)^
Tomales an4 way stations. J.
3:15 p. m». Saturdays — Caxadero and way
stationa. ' .„..'
• Sundays, only — 10 a.- m.. Point Rey«a aad
way. atattoR*. ¦
¦. -iTTCKET. OFFICE — «2tt Market st. '
• FERRY — Union Depot, foot or Market «U : .
I CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHIC'ACO M
! LEA VES DA /£, Y > I
i at J):;jO a. m., througfh ta [J days, I
j with diner and all trapping?*., . H
Other Santa Pe' Trains:
I!'!!, 0 . *• "?•¦]. for Stockton.'-FWsnor Bakersfleld.
8:00 p.m.) 'M* > rced,.Hanford < ah(l Vlsalia.
4:00p. m. for Stockton.- " - "
; 8:00 p. m. for Kansas' City,' Grand Canyon and
\l 'T~' ¦- ChlcaBO. ' ¦ .'_ • ' - *,-•¦-.'
TICKET OPriCES — 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot, S. P. ; ; Also 1112 .Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South first St.,
•Ban Jo»e. ,-. :-..•'..•¦"'
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
'i IjEISS'EJE; ' ¦ :
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Perry, Foot of \ llarket • Street.
SAN r&AN CISCO TO 8AH BA7AEL.
AVEEK DAYS — 7:30/5:00. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35, 2:30, 3:40, 5:10, 5:50. 8:30 and 11:30
•~p. m. • - .
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00 9:.TO. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30. 3:40, 6:10, 6:30, 11:30 n. m.
SAN BAPAEL TO SAN PBAZTCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:0T>. 6:50. 7:35. 7:60, 8:20,
• 11U5 a. m,; 12:50. f2:00,. 3:40, "5:00, 5:20,
6:25 p. rn. Saturdays-^Extra trip at 1:45
SUNDAYS— «:5o! 7:35. 9:20, 11:16 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. 6:26. 6:25, 7:50 p. m. tE^-
cept Saturdays. . .
\ Leave I In Effect 1 ;\ . Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 1904. 1 San Fran.
Week j Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. ] days. ]¦.... Uon. ¦ ( dayg. [Days.
T ~^- 7:30 a| , .';. ' .' 7:45 at 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a • ' 8:40a S:40a
8:00 a 0:30 a Ignaeio. 10:20 a|10:20 a
2:.10p 2:30 p ¦" 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 6:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:23 p
8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a '- 7:45 a| 7:45 a
«:00a 8:00 a ¦ • Kovato. • 10:20 a|10:20a
>:30 p 8:3Oa Petaluma - 6:2Op|6:2Op
6:10 p '2:30 p and | T:25 pi 7:25 p
g:tOp Santa Rosa. |8:45p|
7:80 a ,7?S0a ' 110:20 a|10:20 a
8:00a 8:00a. Fulton. ' 7:25p|6:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:«p|7:25p
Windsor, |
7:30 a 7:30 a Kealdsburs. . 110:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton, I
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville, 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale. |
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a!10:20 a'
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 pj 7:25 p
I j WMlta, I I ¦
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. J 7:25 pj 7:25 p
8:00a| 8:0f?al Guerneville and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p( Camp Vacation. I 8:45 pj 6:20 p
8:00a 8:00a ~~ 8:40af 8:40a
5:10p 9:30a Sonoma, 6:O0pT8:20p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. |8:45p|
7:30 al 7:30 a) . 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebagtopol. | 7:25 p-j «.-20p
STAGES connect at Santa Roaa for White
Sulphur Springs; at Fulton . for Altraria and
Mark We«t Springs: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Gjyservlllc for Skasjrs Springs; at
Cloverdal« for the Geysers. Boonevllle and
Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan Spring*.
Highland Springs, Krlseyville, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Fomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, RivarBide. Llerley's Buknetl's,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr*s Hut
Sprlngo, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, HopWns, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal; at Willita for Fort Bragg,
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto, ! Covelo, Layton-
ville. Cummins, Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
senii. Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia,
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . '
On Sundays — Round-trtp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. -
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paw. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpai3 Railway
." L«jivt Tb Snmlito htrj I Aniv« >^
9mVnadtem_ ht/nituiMti Ban Fraadao
Weak I San- -«m Sn> IWwf
Pay. day« ifnTaiBjIMt daya Daya.
«1IMA a 8:00A s^SflWssVa» IttOAr fE3Q
•H4Sp 8:OOa Iw l:8Sr»:5Or
j_ 1i45p Wffif S:a«p 1
,-, ¦« ! iii»| ye/ •»¦«»- ,
**mm* ¥ift stsgt It J^wa mi Vfflrt Of
'nCOT 4 634 Majlxot SrltNorth Short Railro^
•HOB I aa«l SawALxro Faaav. Foot Marka* St. J
SAIL WAY IMVEL
Railway between the 1 illlu^^g^^^
JaBT Missouri River and Chicago. Si^^^lisS^w
jfyThree Fast Trains i|L
if Chicago and East If
lm VIA THC M mm
Ssuthsrn PaeHto, Union Paelflo and Chicago C North- Wesiam Rys. Jl
M.1L Standard and tourist sleeping cars, .compartment ji?J9
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; tgEf
For sleeping car rfservation!-, tickets and ir.formaJion jG fflf
l^/'«k apply to ageDts Southern Pacihc Co., or to >^r^«ifSf
R. R. RITCHIE, Ceneril Agent, Jsrjfir
a - CHJCASO fi KO«TH-WESTERH HY.THE" SAN FRANCISCO CALL, /THURSDAY. MAY/5. 1904.
12
LODd'IVi HOUSES KOH SALE— -Con.
10O ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $125. ...$4500
10:> rooms; clears $550; low rent.. $0500
SO rooms; furniture nearly new $:{>tX>
40 rooms; flne location, north of Market. $1000
4K rooms; in Oakland; new; rent $60 $2G(»)
111 rooma: half cash; cheap rent $6w
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
8<t I5OOMS; elegant new apartment-house, 3
and 4 loom suites; tiu rooms, furnished; rea-
¦ Konable rent: charming location; sunny. Box
3348. Call oXfice.
I4-IU '¦>< i.M house; rent $45; near Larkin and
Hyde sts.: full of roomers: owner will sell
for J6'0; this week.. Box 3522. Call office.
spiritualism.
~ *~~ returned!
mrs. j. j. whitney.
Clairvoyant, trance business medium and life
reader; also communications from your de-
parted friend*. Hotel Netherland, 18 Turk
»t., near Market, room 1". elevator.
SPIRiTUALIST niemoriaT.~Scottlsh Hall. 117
I^arkln et.. Thursday. 8f-Mra. Lillie, Glllisple,
Howe, Whitney and others; messages; 10c.'
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful Fplrltual healer
& business med'm. read dally $1; dcv'p'g class
Thurs. 8 p.m. 107 Taylor, r. 27;tcl. Jessie 3436.
DR. COLLINS, the noted clairvoyant and
trance-wrltlns medium of Chicago; readings
dally; circle to-night. 1049 Market st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night
8 o'clock; $1. 10S4 Bush et.
EDWARD EARLE. ~ 1052 Ellis St.. readings
dally; phone Sutter 3094.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
elate-writer. 1112 Eddy «t Phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASSURED success "for you. ~" «-— —— *
• 'all at once and.aave $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
¦ No charge — No charge
, Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE, '
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name,' oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife or lover is true or false; who and
when you will marry: how to gatn the love of
the one you desire; "In fact." I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell vourself; his advice Is reliable; his
povkers are .wonderful and Indisputable; he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the : highest possible • development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to? earn
wealth; the controlling power Implantei In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and Jest vitality; gives advice on
mining and burled treasures; gives you success
In life; he guarantees you > success or charges
nothing for his 'services. • •
10 a. m. to. 8 p. m.— Closed Sunday.
- 326 O'Farrell et.— 326.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send look of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency ;send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A — MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant me-
dium and card reader, - born with a double
veil and cecond sight, tells past, present and
future; I. Me, g. by cards $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sit., $1 50. 312 Mason, nr. Geary.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
- tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion, names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted cla'.r. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 50c, g. $1. 714 Franklin. rr.'i.G. ave.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed: 25c up.- 17 3d, next Exam.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
. vice; names given; 25c up. 835 Howard st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to ( 23»fr 6th; I.. 25c. g. W>c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23 & 6thj ' 1. 25c. g. 50c.
Mmi. Odell returned; clairvoyant, card reader;
tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 1 532 Ellis st.
MISS -WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
¦ ar.d facts; readings daily. 017 Market at.'
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, is now, at 317 Ellis et.
MRS. MARSAN. card reader; ladies 25c; gents
60c. 120 Sixth. St., \ room 15. . • .
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the entire v\Vest. New. complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-page /catalogue- on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
925 Golden Gate ave.
PAOIX3 LA VILLA of Florence. Italy. Just ar-
rived: singing lessons, pure Italian method;
opera, oratorio, ballad, glee; accompanist for
concerts and drawing-room; special terms for
professionals. The Roosevelt. &4« Sutter st.
AYRES. the leading bualnrs* college. 723 Mar-
ket M.; established IS years; the school that
secures positions for graduates: Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 2* POST. S.
'F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Bustaen
College. 1236 Market st.
PRIVATE tuition offered in common school
branches to backward and delicate children
by young lady: has had experience in public
schools: charges moderate. Box 3662, Call.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electrlclty. 21 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special- catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay cyanide; day. ev. ; est. lS6t. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Uallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market: catalog.
WESTERN Business Col'lege;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day. eve.; |4 mo. eve.
DANCING — Professor Findlay has reopened his
juvenile classes at Findlay's Hall. 17th St.;
Saturday 2 to &: private lesson? dally.
SPANISH— A practical and progressive method.
RAFAEL SERRANO. 630 California, r. 4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. <1 per mo. 829 Halght st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTONS, 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c < half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORgITaOKI, 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 133 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nishes tx-st belp: contracts for farm help; etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 42« Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Loon Seung*s. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 42U.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chinese
h*Ip. 415 Stockton st. TeL Grant 168. •
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Mj^i 3183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMAMsT
A^SITUATIONS wanted by 10 head wait-
resses. r>0 waitresses Just up from the south.
20 first-class chambermaids. Apply C. R.
IIANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
S SWEDISH housework girl wishes place in
Alameda; $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter. j
SITUATION wanted by a woman to do general
housework and plain cooking in small fam-
ily; wages moderate. Apply 214 Fifth st..
near Howard. • -
STRONG, willing American womitn wants j
laundry work: flannels a specialty; $1 25 and
carfare; sweeping and cleaning also done. '
64SA Jessie st.. bet. 7th and 8th/ downstairs.
A GIRL wlsheg Dosltlon to take children out'
during the day or would assist a few hours
at any light work. Box 19S6, Call.
A SWEDISH girl wishes a position to do up-
stairs work; wages $25 or $30 a month. Call
j at 1326 Minna si., near Fourteenth. |
A COMPETENT young girl wishes a position
to do second work. Call at ~\ t Isis «t oft
. Twelfth, between Folaom and Harrison."
A YOUNG lady would like a position in an
office. Box 1987. Call office.
FEW more families' wash to take home- card
,'or Inquire; prompt attention. 2819 Baker it
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position in private
family: city or country. .2207 H Plhe et.
I WANT, work by the day: washing or house-
. cleaning. Address 521»fr Howard st. ,, '
A REFINED German woman wants position
at second work or chamberwork and sewing-
., city or. country: wages $25-$30; best refer-
ences. Box 1969. Call.
THE^CALL
JOEK D. STBECKEM^JProPrietor.
' ittm OMinsfflairo Ml IdWJGBX Mangr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TV1S VOi-LJkBS KEWAKD.
Notify The Call Office If You Miss
Your Pmjmt.
It for any cause THE CALt Is not de-
• tiTcred resmlarly to subscribers please
caU up "CAU EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk in cnarire. Your com-
plaint will receive prompt attention.
A etandinsr reward of Ten Dollars
(=10.00) is offered for the arrest and
• ccnvictien of any one caujrbt stealing
THE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
'M -cr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Ycu With the Department You wien.
• PutMcaticn Office Market and Third, 8. F.
Efiitorisi Iioom £17 to 221 Stevenson »t.
- -Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per W*«*> T5
Cts.' Per Mcrth. e Ingle Copies 8 _ c * nl t. lt w
Terras ty Mall, Including Postage iC**h wltn
Order) : ..
DAILT CALL Onclud. Hur.day). 1 3* «^- • •?* J5
•F>AILT CALL Unc'.ud. Eunday). « raos *;W
DAILY CALL— By Single Month. „•"«
SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year '-«~
•j WEEKLY CALL. 1 YEAR VllL'i-iE?
EHBrtP « | Dailv ..$*.S0 Per Tear Ertr*
IORI-IGN I Fjniay 4 15 Per Ytir Extra
, •eOfirAGE. 1 Weekly." lioS Per Year Extra
<*V1jL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
• C&mp'o. Colics mil b» forwarded when re-
• . quested.
Mail fubscribers in ordering change or aa-
. tfrefs rhouid be particular to give both NEvl
„ .AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
• rr'mrt at.4 correct compliance with their re-
Quect.
OAKLAND OFFICE: j
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 10S3 [
' • BERKELEY OFFICE:
Sl>* Center Mrett Telephone North ««
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. WALL Hotel Uartcn
•NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TlaJdorf-Artorla Hotel: A. Brentano, »1
ITr.'cn Bqnare: Murray Hill Hotel; Kiftb-ave-
• cue Hct«J and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Pfcerma:. Hous*; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Treaiont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEOR'JE KROGNESS. .Mar<juette Building
iLpnp finance Telephone. "Central 2O19.">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
¦ STEPHEN 13. fcMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
. C. C. CARL! ON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
ChII. corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nliclit in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10C£ Market street, opposite Fifth; cpen until
11 p. m.
• K7 Mcr.tjrocicry street, corner Clay; open
uct:l 9:^0 p. m.
£00 Have* street; cpen ¦until 9:S0 p. m.
639 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
<I5 L*.rk:n street; cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
1W41 Mission etrert; open until 10 p. m.
•22t>l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 6 p. m.
J06 Eleventh street; open until 0 p. m.
I03C Valencia ttreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
JCorth^art terr.er Church ar.d Duncan streets:
£• cpen unt:l 9 p. m.
TCorthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
• tucky streets: cpea ur.til ftp. m.
££06 Fil!mi;re street; cpen until 9 p. m.
-TO SCBSCRIBKRS LEAVING TOWN :
IX>R THE SUMMER.
CALL subscribers costemplatla? a
' stance cf residence durlsr the summer
months can have their paper fortrarded !
. by mc.il to their new address by notify- :
tar THE CALL Easiness Ofice. This j
r.erer will tlso to on sale at all soxmner )
• fescrta czii la represented by a local j
afent in all towns on the ccast.
', • CIItKCH SERVICES.
HEV. DR. CARRADINE. holiness evangelist.
"i:i hold a i-Ties of niretings at Penirl JJIs-
fipn Uail. 4'> Tfalrd aC 'entrance en Stevenson
ftl.-IJwy 6-t& ServWs 10;«« a. m. and 7::;0
ly m. week <1ays. p.r.d 7 :."») p. m. Sun-
c'£>f; first service Friday p. m. All invited.
- »i ; ¦¦ ¦ — . . ,. „ ..,¦; I
• _ ueetim; .\oricEs.
."*A RKGILAK meeting of Yerba Bucna ¦
-Loig-e at Perfection No. T. A. and f\
¦Ji. Srcttirh Ititc of Fre^inaconrv. /^A.
will *•*¦ hf!-1 In «"oinrr*nj^ry Hall. <iSJi
Masonic T^rr.plr, or. THUKKDAT EVENING.
• May 6. nc;. at 6 o'clock. Degree 4. Visit*
•" ing brethren cordially invited.
HENRY BURNER.
CALIFORNIA Lodr* No. 1 F. and A. " m\~
„ M. nil! m«t THIS .THrH«PAY) VV
EVENING at 7::^» «v clock. Slated y^^V
•«I<=L!l np . FKANKLIN H. DAY. Ser.
FIDELITY Lc~!gn No~120. F. an<1
M.— t-t*fe<2 mating THIS iTIHRS-VV
'. J>AY) KVF.NINc; at :::;i)oclock. Kv AA
•cr<J»r of the W. M.
¦_ FREDERICK BARRY. fTecretary.
DORIC Lou** No. -\*~Y7ixA~x7'-\.— 9
• m St»tf-iJ mating THIS (TIiritSDA Y»">fS<
"L'VE.VINT, at 7:3O o'clock. Iiv order /V\
cf the Masvr. .
'. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
Pacific i.<v^«- n 0 . jjg^ i o o Z^Z
r., «ia m*~t this <THfp.s-.>3aB*reSr c =.
. e'dock f-harp. to confer tli<» Fee- * 5 SaR<fe SP '
. _««-n<i and third degrees. Members of th» de-
»rr*'e,tr-amfe »r<- r*fiu<-st*<l to be on hand
promptly at that hour.
r i- ,•£, , n '" - IIN ' AK "ER. Noble Grand.
t. \. Cl UER, Secretary.
- ET. ANDRUW s Society— Membe7»~«T"
• •»* fM*nM to am-n.1 th^ funeral f%u^
ot-our late fallow member. ARCHI- >vj*I#£?
nAJJ> fAJIEROS. from the United v^ a "*
'" nd r-rt u k rr<- F'ftrlor*. S»j«i MUsk'H yt en
FRIDAY MORXINV, at 10::;O orlock " ¦'
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN. PreFident
¦J... BLACK, Secretary.
WT- ANDREWS Sodetr — AiraaaJ ~-^x<«*
T!<"rt<- to Fairfsx Park *?n SATUR- 3k iVal
SAT. -May 7. Boats will |eav«» (erry vki«
a «r\<i 10 a. m and at l:ir. p. m. >£2 > V
r»cyil rr'turnlnc train leaves Fairfax at i
•"SO p. m. Tickets for round trip. Including |
inflsfioti to the park, adults .V* children
'«•. can h» obtained n^m Messrs. John R»id
Pon. 7v Osry t,t.. and from John M. Dun- ]
tn. ll.".(; M!«inn Ft.,' cr at Sauralito ferry I
l <J*to o* i>if nic.
T. LIVINGSTON DUNN. President.
J. FI^\«"K. Secretary-
* ti K3ITB WASTED.
EXTS^Ab agency for a prop^slti'cn that it
a^M-'i itnrrrvem^nt on building and loan
if.»-on1i heving. Oi*-at Ueftern Improve-
• nifnr iciapary, Parrott building.
t LADIES-For Gem rr.aii^ge device and coe-
¦aftlec; cttjr and countrj-. 51" Taylor «t.
AOvggTysEaiiiw t WKinaro.
HAVING reertly acquired through exchange
<« T^rcperty thre* J4<» P cholarship» in the be«t
College of Advertising In the United State*
I I «!ll Mil them at 25 per cent discount for
uath; the college teaches advertising writ-
ing by ccrretprmdence and a-sslrts 1T^ grad-
H"f f o rerure poeitlcna; catalogtM>* fur.
rtfhed en application. Address box 3026, Call.
ATTOn SEYS-AT-LA W.
A PRIVATE. <julck <Jivorc# for email fee
K«» me *nd rave money; no pay In advance
¦«- . l ¦? 5. \T. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
¦ /«*.abll»hed 22 jt§. : rate. 1, 2. 3. 4 & 5. let 1.
, -*» ? Market f-t.. between Mason and Taylor >
' JiOvtCf fr*» all matter? . Detectives employed!
• ADVICE FREE — '
_Cn!umbian I>«w & Coll. Agcy.. r. K5. 81<J
ITerket: phone John 622*5; op*n evening*;
transjett at moft reasonable rates all legit-
'.mute law tuslnefp; bonds furnished in crim-
inal and civil case*; rma.Il collections taken.
n - y- KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
•>tn floor, entrance room 611: established 20
veerj ; all raws, general court and office prac-
tlfe. no fe* in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 360L
ADVICE freo; divorce costs $12; no fees or
¦coFti in advance; all law business; office
*Tvn Saturday f enlngg. «1S> Market St.. r. SI.
DIVORCE cheap, spe«»<51!y. quietly: call on us
>re golnr eUewhere. Phone Jam«s 6221;
room 4). 91 C Market *t,; opposite Emporium.
RJVORCE— Corta. 112; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 927 Market ht.. nn. 301.
' . PIVORCE law a rpeclalty; no publicity: advice
fr**: cofts >12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O.box 2199. S. F.
X* f. CLARK. 927 Market et.; consultation
*ree; no leeg in advance; oprn evenicrs.
CLAIItVOYANTS — Continued.
THE FUTURE REVEALED. THE PAST
DISCLOSED.
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living pare of Klammarion's treatise that is
so electrifying the world to-day. He is no
lmitatDi-. His work In uuon original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. He telte you what
you dsslrc to know and works in the open
light.
He la as conspicuous for his wonderful occult
analysis as he in for his original expression
and vivid truthfulness.
A te«st reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he wilt
give you a fult life reading for $1. A test
Is cf little value; when the mind Is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
This Is just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
glws you wntn you call on him for a first-
class clairvoyant reading.
He .asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes ycu are hMr to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Let PROF. LIV-
INGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the rem«dy.
Remember the number: 42S Eddy st.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 v. m.
Mrs.A.H.Kror.enberg.palmlst, clairvoyant, card
reader;when others fall try me;good readings
10c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkin 4207.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
tlngs dally. 44S% Jessie st.. bet. 5th and tith.
CAItl'fST OKATIAG AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED air and vacuum system now
universally used In cleaning carpets on
floor; without removal: price moderate. S.
F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Mar-
ket st. Tel. Main 152. Bush 470. »
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for' SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Workfe, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.. clean-
Ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 7*.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S00 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
• 333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main SOi. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel.Mlsslon 263.
: , CAPE NOME.
TICKET office for all points In Alaska. C. F.
MOORE. 027 Market St.. room 309. First
steamer May 21; $75 first class.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. Main 65S0.
CREDIT CXiOTBXEkS.
C fT~ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole famlly^from bats to
shoes: everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 313 Mason st. '
' CLOTHING SENO VATIirO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1;- scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Drurara 44. Call for and deliver . free.-
OTTBE3 BTTJPTPBB.
WHO?— Huntenf* 1206 Market st.: $100; rupture
' cure for $10: circular explains: send for one.
DKNTIST9.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone^ — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 50; fillings. 60c:
plates, $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates . made over like new: teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. -
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up:fllllngs.25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.M.lst
• floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market.- cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
UHESSMAKEHS AND SEAMSTRESS K3
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting; doubls
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
lnvcstiKa-
AUTOMOBILES FOR SALE.
SECOND-HAND automobiles In first-das*
chape for eale cheap. Inquire at 20 Golden
Gate ave.: phone Howard 871. •
FOR sele — A White Stanhope In good running
order: will feell reasonable. Box 3245, Call.
ASTHMA 3EMEDY.
\ 1)1 Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
"ly: 10c. 25c. 50c. 16<.»2 Market. St. Nicholas.
BASKETS. '
BASKETS made of every description. Fried!
Bat*ar and Basket Factory. 1272 Folsom st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$^C0O~grocery and bar, on Fourth st.. about 1
Mock from Market st.; lease; good paying;
r^tabliehed years: sickness only cause of sale.
<-all R. G. * WILKE. 2*i\, Kearny St.
A— $1500— DAIRY produce route; butter and
eggs; established 6 years; 2 horses, 1 wagon;
owner clears above $150 per mo: good cash
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $5000: HARDWARE store; epecialties,
locksmith, electric bells, model-making, ma-
chine wcrk. etc.; estab 20 years ; loc ated
Sixth *t.; large etoclc See R.G. WILKE,
20 H Kearny et.
A— $1000: RESTAURANT In San Rafael: dally
receipt* $25; rent $30; must be sold at once.;
good place. See R. Q. WILKE. 2Ctt Kearny.
A— $1000- DAIRY produce and delicatessen
¦tore; close to Market St.; daily receipts
•bout $40; rent $45; good business; value in
eight. R. P. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $550; OYSTER and chop house; close to
Ellis and Mason *ts. : rent $35; worth at
least $900: rare opening. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business: store receipts about $C0 per day;
bar receipts about $20: owner will sell tar
carh or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4
Kearny st^
A— $2600; CORNER grocery and bar. en Powell
St.; 6 years' lease; rent $40; business estab.
years and first-class paying; value In sight
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny ft.
A— $5000; THE leading saloon in manufacturing
town of about 6000 inhabitants; 5 years'
lease; rent J*0; full value in sight; flrst-cla«»
paying business; about :u» mile* from S. F. i
Call K. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2200; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
ftore; established years; rent $05; monthly
tales about $1500; a flrst-class paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $750; CIGAR stand on Market st. ; rent $P«;
one of the best -located stands and a business
where fullest lnve«tigation U solicited: a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— «SCOO: CORNER grocery and bar with 6
years' lease; rent $75; 2 horses; 2 wagons;
average cash store trade $2500 per month;
daily bar receipts $25; full value in sight;
location the best in the city. Call R. O.
WILKE. 2ti\j Kearny «t.
A— $450- PLUMBING and gasfitUng shop on
Fiilrr.ore st.; rent $26; owners must sell at
once as they are engaged in another busl-
pets. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $30oO; GROCERY store; established many
years and doing a large cash business:
located close to Market and Sixth sts. : a
rood paying business; Investigate and you
find a very rare business opening. Call R.
G. •WILKE. 26 »A Kearny et.
A- $750- EALOON on Montgomery St.; placi
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month; Investigate; a bargain. CtU it
G WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $3000: CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg. ;
S > ears' lease; net rent $120; this Is on* of
the best ealoon locations in this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny nt.
A— $1100; SALOON with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bush' sts. ; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest eto<?k of liquors. All particulars of,
R. G. WILKE. 2C'4 Kearny St. j
A— $1200: COFFEE Mloon and bakery In !
cho.ceet location: rent $S0; daily receipts |
! about $70; a good business, but sickness of j
owcer compels him to retire. Particular* R. |
G WILKE. 28H Kearny st.
I A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
."! Eddy St.. cor. Market' and Powell.
j Headquarters tor all kinds of business chances. '
Oyster an<1 chrp houses $T.5r> to $1C<T>
«'andy and icecream parlors. .. .5200 to $-.*.00 !
Barber shops $500 to $2500 |
«-igar stands $.".V> to $2000
Groceries end tars $500 to $5000
.«a!«.ons $.500 to $10,000 ,
Restaurants $3T>O to $20,000 |
Krult a:i.l veg»tahlc stores $30b to $H.'<O i
J nut; stores $2004 to $OOJX> I
I>eli<-ateesen stores $2S» to $4500 <
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1IXiO j
For ralf— rirst-claca legitimate mining
proposition that will bear strict Investiga-
tion.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort: flne
grove*;. hotel; all furnished and
equipped for businee«; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay. vegetables; a:i
Kinds of fruit: rent $50O i>er year; equity in
this T250O: death in family cau*» of sale.
_ CAMERON & CO.
FOH Fait — One of the be?t restaurants In city:
cheap rent: receipts $7r» to $100 daily; vlll
boar investigation: price $15C0. CAMEKON
_&. CO .. g_Eddy w.
FOR sale — Wrll-located bazaar and furnishing
goods bnsftmw; cheap rent: 6*j yeare' lca»»;
one of thr best transfer corners In citv: do-
ing fine business: other interests cauee of sale-
pi lce_$.'«0iKi. S'e CAMERON <& CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Well located and equipped family
liquor itorc; rent only $35; fixtures $200;
sfx-fc Tiill Invoice between $400 and $500;
r:iU«t be told by 1st: other business. CAM-
KRON & CO.. 3 Eddy *t.
F«'R aalp or trade— Quart z mine: fine prospect:
located In Ca!.; a^ays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg-hge. r l)U«ine«<. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR rale or will trade — « acres inside city
limits: one of best Interior cities In Califor-
nia: h>-!Ut;<». l.arn. other outbuildings: plenty
all kinds fruit: beautiful home: will trade for
rooming-houre: price $4000. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy et.
WANTED— Reliable man with $4000 as part-
ner In general merchandise business; 15
years' standing: long lease; chance of a life-
time for live man that has business ability:
references exchanged. Address California
Investment Co.. 777% Market st.
$:i.V> FE<*i:RES Interest In light office work.
wli«>re party can easily clear $125 monthly:
references exchanged: rsjierlence not neces-
sary: live man wanted: l>ona fide proposition.
Particulars 1007*% Market et.. room 1.
WANTED — To buy at once, good paying corner
grocery and bar; must not take more than
t2"no to handlo; state, full particulars In first
) letter or n<* attention. Box 1SC1. Call office.
I ROADHOUPE and hotel near city; first-class
, place; well equipped and clearing $200 mo.;
t rent $40. with lease: $2500. PETERSEN
REALTY CO.._I035 Market et.
LODGING-HOUSE. 24 rooms: Eddy St.; well
furnlrhcd: all housekeeping; lease; sell cheap
or exchange for small farm in bay counties.
PETERPEN REALTY CO.. 1035 Market st.
FOR sale or will take partner In a light busi-
ness, paying handsome profits; average
monthly receipts over $3<V>: expenses $85. For
particulars, address box 1752, Call office.
FOR sale — Grocery, candy, notions cigars and
branch bakery; all good etock and will sell
reasonable; established 10 years: low rent;
living rooms. Box 1808. Call office.
$1000— PARTY with this amount can double it
In the next 3 months. California Alrllght
Company, 6 Eddy St.. room 2.
FOR sale — Restaurant and delicatessen com-
bined, clearing $175 per month: low rent:
good location. Box 1526. Call office.
WANTED— To buy a good hotel or boarding
house in city or country. Address, with par-
ticulars, box 1973. Call office.
WANTED — To buy half or whole of a furni-
ture store; state full particulars; no agents.
Box 1!>G2. Call office.
WANTED — A partner to take charge of and
manage a music parlor in San Francisco.
Address box 1005. Call office.
¦ WANTED — Tb buy a stock of general merchan-
dlte in country town in a good healthy lo-
cality. Box 1795. Call office.
$37.V-DELICATESSEN and lunchroom; good
trade and flne. location for meals; rent low,
$27 50. Address box 1993, Call.
WANTED — Partner in light manufacturing
business; must have $150 cash. 766 Folsom.
j TO let— Phocmaker shop. Apply 1633 Turk st.
HOME bakery -for sale; very reasonable. Call
at 1550 Church st. .--,
FINE newspaper rout* for sale. Inquire at
this, office.
$1500— GROCERY and bar in Park district.
Box 1W>2. Call office.
WANTED— A cigar stand. Box 3233. Call
office.
WANTED — A cigar stind: state location and
price. Box 1SS9. Call office.
A WEEK'S news fop 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
. IS paces, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
EMPLOY3IEXT WASTED FKMALK.
COMPETENT cook; would do 1 *
and washing or general houMwwkta Arner
lean family: wages from $25 to $-0. -*»*
Post at. - .
SPANISH lady with two children indtMtlwf
wishes position in country a» h0US /*n p *^J°
widower^ family; home more object than
wages. Vzx !&>'¦>. Call. .
SITUATION' wanted by mlddle-ased J^" *'
traveling companion or nurse to ««« ?° lr j*
East via St. Louts; reference* exchanged.
Address box 1SS3. Call office. ___
COMPETENT German woman w » nt! JTl). 1 ",!
and Ironing by the day. Tu«adays. 1-03 \ a.
lejo St.; no postals. .
WANTED-General housework: *«*£!£„*
cook: country; no objection to small familj.
SC8 Jessie st.. near Fourth. -
SWEDISH girl wants position to do light ¦ec-
ond work and Lewing. Address lbl_. r u-
teenth St.: phone_Kate 4022.
A TOUXG~worn'im"wlslie3 a P?«»'°IJ t »,, t " k *
care of one or two children. 614B Powell St..
downstairs. -
YOUNG Swedish girl wants Placefor general
housework In .mail family: Mission pre-
ferred. Addre— 2C5O Folsom »t.. near ~-a.
YOUNG girl from the country, refined wishe*
light housework.-- «Ieej> home. Box i»*«.
Call offlr^ ,
EXPERIE.VCED housekeeper: best rtferences;
hotel; no objection to leaving th« city, box
4769. Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman, without »nf u ™ b J* a 5*'
wishes position in center of city; light hou»»-
work. -Box 1935. Call office.
WOMAN desires housework or washing by the
day. 1222 Leavenworth »t. .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Baaaar. 633 McAllister »t.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 10C3 Market «t.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WAX TED— MALE.
AN honest y^ung man. who supports Parents.
wIsK-s a position; no le«s than $60 pe.
month; can read, write an-1 count. Box lOSo.
Call office.
BRIGHT youns man would like a position as
stenographer, assistant bookkeeper or offl-e
work: wages $50 to start with. Box l'JSs.
Call office.
GOOD all-round man wants position in pri-
vate place; understands care of horses, gar-
den- good driver; can milk: good references.
Box 3C54. Call office.
YCUNO man, experienced machinist, with
technical education, desires Bltuation wlt!i
wholesale machine firm. Box 1901. Call.
YOUNG man. German. 2S, wants work of any
kind: car* of horses,' garden or housework.
Box 1807. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS barber winta steady, short-
honr work. Address Barber, box 1S37. Call.
FIREMAN steady, sober, want* position; best
references furnlahed. Box 70. 1003 Market st.
MAN speaking 6 languages desires position as
Interpreter or courier to Europe; travel ed
principal cities in Europe. M.. box 1045.
Call office.
SITUATION wanted as chauffeur to party
leaving for St. Louts; competent mechania
and experienced driver; sttam or gasoline.
Box 1053. Call office. '/
POSITION by a flrst-clasa gare>ner (single) ;
competent in all its branches, and best of
reference; wages expected. Address Gardener.
232 Valencia. »t.
EXPERIENCED accountamt desires position as
head . bookeeper or office manager: long ex-
perience as syMemtzer and auditor; best ref-
erences. Box 3122. Call office.
A YOUNG man recently from the East would
like a situation; has had good experience in
the dry goods business. Box 1949. Call.
A YOUNG man who can drive wagon or do
anything else would like work of any kind;
gramrrter grade education. Box 13-SO. Call.
A YOUNG man wants work of any kind: has
had experience as cylinder press feeder.
Box 18C6. Call.
GOOD gardener wants position: understands
care of horses: can furnish references. Ad-
dress box 1152. Call office. Oakland/
A TIMKKEEPER and hlllclerk desires posi-
tion. Box 1895. Call office.
A STRONG Japanese wants a position to da
any kind cf work before noon or after 6
p. m. Address G. A.. 1303^ Castro st.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do cookln?
and some housework in small family; has best
references. T. TOM. 744 Post St.
GOOD Japanese cook wants situation in a>
family. Address GEORGE. 917 Webster St..
Oakland. <
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position small
family: speaks flne. M. F-. box 1»44. Call.
FLATS TO LET.
AA A—^HOUSeT RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vac:.tit MOM and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department; over lf*V)
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find %
place; we ne\er fall: service free. ,
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
lO.-.'S MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense Ii3f;
service absolutely free: take advantage or
this department; it will save you time and
trouble Cordes Furniture Co., 243-253 Geary
st., on the square;
NEW flat to rent; one of the nicest flats in
the Mission, with 7 sunny rooms and bath;
latest improvements. No. 3fiCJ> Twenty-fifth
st.. between San Jose ave. and Guerrero; rent
reasonable.
HAYES. 1747. near Park — Modern sunrty flat.-".
,3 and ."¦ rooms; rent $12 and $22 .V).
$16 — SUNNY flat. 3 rooms, bath, basement.
130 Eureka st.. near Eighte*nth,
FOLK. 2526 — New. sunny flat 4 rooms and
bath: latest Improvements: $21 f.0.
JUNIPER, 33 ij, bet. Tenth and Eleventh, off
Folsom — 4-room fiat; rent $14.
FLAT 5 large rooms and bath: SE. cor. Jon»a
and Broadway: good marine view; gun all day.
$22 50— MODERN sunny middle Rat; 5 rooma
¦nd bath. 1431 Broderick st.. near Post.
K1«ATS TO LCT— Kl'KMSHKI).
FLAT of 7 rooms: cf»l and gas stoves- pUrio*
713 Grove St.; call 11 to 3.
FURNISHED flat; 4 rooms; rent $18. 138 Te.
hama it. <
FLATS FOR SALE— FLUMSHliD.
A BARGAIN If taken at once; 5 rooms,
pletely furnished: $150; cheap rent; centrally
located. 17 Third St.. next Examiner bids.
ENTIRE contents of 7-room gunny corner flat"-
furniture new; 3 rooms rented: price only
$400. Call 710 Franklin St.. near Turk.
NEW, sunny flat, furniture almest new. CaU
10:30 to 3:->0. 242 Noe St.. near Market.
PI' KMT L 11 U FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture stoves and
household goods: flats bought. Mission Auc
Hoase. 429-439 Valencia: teL Church 3S79. "
FUKWTl'KE WASTED. ~~
ABE LEVY. "
Salesroom. 1135 Market at. Tel. JesaJ* 7«l
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlc* fur^
nlture. etc.. until yoa get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVT & CO. pay highest prlc* lor fur-
nlture. carpetc. etc 7S2 Mission .tel. Sush 467.
A. U STORRS pay» highest caaa prices rural-
ture. carpets, fete; tel. Larkln 3631. 634 Elhi.
B. T. SCIIELU 2412 Mission, tel. Church 8370
pays best prices for furniture, carpets, etc!
HELP WASTED FEJUAI.E.
A GOOD cook wanted for a prlvateTTamiiy-
must do the usual downstairs work- $30 city
references. 1717 Broadway, near Franklin.
YOUNG lady wanted for office work- short-
hand, typewriting and good penmanship. 307
Sansome St., rooms 12- 13.
AN elderly woman wanted to help cars for 2
children; good home; moderate wag«3. 4~;
Baker st. ~~
EXPERIENCED demonstrator, man or lady"
also solicitor: permanent positions. r>*d
r Broadway, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS hands for dressmaking, e Edjv
St.. rooms 96-07. 7~**
WANTED— Girl to do general housework- 9 it
family. 1120 Treat ave. "
V ?fi^ h 2? ds - aUo * ho can maks buttonholes^
641 Vj Stevenson «t. " .
WANTED— A girl to do general housework and
-• cooking wa«e, $20. 7=3 McAllUUr +?**
"THCRC API: THOUSANDS WAITING TO. SUPPLY; YOUR
BUSINESS CHANCES CowtlwwJL
A— STRANGERS, ATTENTION! - .
Are you looklns for a safe and profitable
business opcnlnc in San Francisco? If to,
we can offer you any number requiring an
investment from $100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our of-
lioe must stand the closest investigation, and
we can place you in a store, factory, hotel,
mill, office, or, . in fact, any business you
may prefer. Kindly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA IXVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— A SAKE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure interest and
office of treasurer in an Incorporated realty
and investment company; $160 monthly as-
Biired: highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market «t.
A tfOOD OPENING
For a young man who can Invest $500 in a
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experdlence not necessary; Invest-
ment Fecured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
UERMANIA IXVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
Vi pages. In wrapper, for nailing. $1 per year
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CoC] ; Phone SouthTlOSa
S Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-House*, Hotels and
AH Kinds of Business Chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date' apartment- ¦
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance; ,
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
j of departure.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can b« run in conjunction if desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the hou*«; other business in-
terests demand immediate departure.
90 rooms; beautiful new building and furni-
ture; Ewell downtown location: everything up-
to-date and first-claes; fine opportunity to se-
cure high-grade proposition; must go East.
126 rooms; rent only $* per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long leas*; clears $400 to $500 per
month; cne of the best buys In the city.
IP rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms: beautiful corner: 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
in city; call for terms and particulars.
0 rooms; evrny flat: rent $50; oak, mahogany
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
ISO rooms; grand, new. modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; flne lease; paying $500 to $600 p«r month;
close In; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms; rent only $60; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $850.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in Pan Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance, cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 6-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
30 rooms; rent only $150; cak and cherry fur.;
fine carpets; close in; fine money-maker.
2S rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pqy cash difference.
7-room fiat; rent $10: oak furniture; good car-
pets; sickness; price $350.
13S rooms; downtown commercial hotel; 8
years' lease; cheap rent; elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities to secure flrst-
clars hotel; owner has other business; part
cash, balance time.
20 rooms; cheap rent: elrt«« In: thoroughly |
respectable; all full; clears $100, part cash.
11 rooms; rent $10: close In; oak. cherry fur-
niture, Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all ex-
penses; £100 cash, balance time; snap; ?700.
40 rooms: elegantly furnished: rent cnty *250:
oak and mahogany furniture; r>0 boarders: }
clearing ¥250 per month; close in: fine buy;
price tOOOO.
18 rooms; rent $S5; north Market: clos* in;
gcod money-maker; reduced from $1000 to j
$1100.
12S roome: cheap rent: long lease ;. first-class, j
up-to-dat» downtown hou*<: well furnished:
clearing $5C0 to $K00 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
20 rooms; rent r.nly $100; all new furniture;
doctor pays $9.">: clearing over all expenses $100;
best street Oakland; will trade for San Fran-
cisco house.
24 rooms: rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nlslifd; oak and mahogany: flne proposition;
good lease.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $JuO per month: S40O down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
S3 rooms; cheap rent: good lease: beautifully
furnished: new modern building: very central:
all full: little gem cf a house; leaving city.
12<; rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes !n $30 to $li> per day transient, besides
regular will bear investigation.
21 rooms; corner: rent only $S5: oak fur.:
cnod carpets, housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1CCO.
f>0 rcoms; new, modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
17 rooms; ftlis st.: rent $70: oak furniture,
Axminpter rarpetn; fine condition; clears $80;
fine little buy.
8 rocms; flne upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
, $450.
For rent — 4-room suite, furnished. In-, fine
apartment-house, 4 to 6 months; rental $45 per
month; references; no small children.
For rent — S-room modern furnished fiat, for
summer; elegantly fur.; references required;
rent $60 per month.
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
400 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance;
modern business methods in fine front of-
fices; phone Black 3607, or take elevator to
fourth floor; up-to-date title abstract free
with every sale.
GREAT bargain in an 11-room house: flne lo-
cation downtown; near Post and Mason; al-
most a gift: think of selling such a house
for lees than $50 a room. MARION GR1*- ,
FIN. ,
ONLY $350 down and $350 In payments takes
furniture and business of <t small boarding-
house with 12 boarders; rent $45; new
house; on sunny corner. MARION GRIFFIN.
HOW is this? 13-room corner house north of
Market; rent $30; clears $41 monthly; price
?400; only $100 down. MARION GRIFFIN.
SELECT home of 17 rooms near Sutter St.;
kitchen: dining-room; very quiet and refined;
clears -$S0 a month. MARION GRIFFIN.
SWELL, transient house; most beautifully fur-
nished: extra fine hair mattresses; new and
modern; building on sunny corner; 24 rooms;
when you see it you'll buy it of MARION
GRIFFIN.
JUST listed: 31 -room' apartment-house; -room-
ers take care of their own rooms; newly pa-
pered: corner house; furnished In oak and ¦
cherry: Brussels and moquet carpets; rent
only $125; manager occupies 2 nice rooms
and clears $115 exactly each month.
MARION GRIFFIN.
CHEAP house; 32 rooms; on NE. corner: near
Market; rent $100; 2-year lease; price $1400;
big money-maker. MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 48 rooms; splendidly
furnished; on sunny corner and street car
crossing; long lease; electricity for elevator
and lights; monthly profit $222; price $4500.
MARION GRIFFIN. ;
$3600 PROFIT yearly; accurately kept books;
house has a wide reputation from Oregon to
Mexico; lawyers, merchants and bankers stop
at this house; 60 rooms, with splendid fur- ,
nlshlngs; lease: elevator and all conveni-
ences; will inventory the furniture and give
you an abstract of title; make offer to
:'._-- , ¦. MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH-CLASS proposition— We have decided to
•ell our hotel and have employed MARION
GRIFFIN- to conduct the sale; NEW and
MODERN' building of 70 rooms and in the
fash Ion able, part of city; furnishings superb:
price $5000 less than cost; should clear $600
monthly. I • -
FOR sale — Lodging house, £5 ' rooms. : on Sutter
ft. Box 1913, Call office.
LODGING ' house. 27 rooms, for sale: down-
town location. Box 3249,- Call : office.'
BOARDING and lodging house for sale; 20
rooms. ' Inquire MRS. WILSON, Belvedere." i
....BRING YOUR WANT-AD TO.... ;
FOR INSERTION IN NEXT SUNDAY'S 'EDITION
— AND RECEIVE; —
I THE ShS ICFPJCKi
Cracks Ice on Scientific Principles. All Trained Nurses Use It and They Should Know.
SIMPLY PRESSING WILL DO IT.
Like the Walker Cork Puller IT SETTLES AN ANNOYING HOUSEHOLD PROBLEM.
Its sharp, properly shaped, tempered steel point cracks ice as desired without noise or waste.
IT WILL ASTONISH YOU.
Six extra points are contained in the handle. When the point becomes dull, put in another.
...IT IS EASY TO CHANGE POINTS...
This Useful Premium Can Be Obtained by Bringing a Want Ad THURSDAY, FRIDAY or SATURDAY
for Insertion in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL' r
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets:
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. in.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 HayeH street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:3<k p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
22fil Market 3trep.t. corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
II 106 Eleventh street; open until 0 p. m. I
109C Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Ch'irch and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m. ¦
Ncrthv.r-Ht corner Twenty-second ;«nd Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
t 2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. >'
v OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
B ERKELEY OFFICE :
2H8 Center Street Telephone North 77
¦ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, .THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1904.
13
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE — Con.
FOR sale — 10,000 square feet of corrugated gal-
vanized Iron and all kinds of building lumber
at 105 Steuart St.. near Mission.
FOR sale— 100 H. P. firebox marine boiler in
fine condition; cheap. Bay City Iron Works,
Oakland.
ALTERATION- sale — Best $2 50 hats. $1 80.
Popular Price Hatter. 300 Kearny st.. near
Ploe; open to Op. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog iree.
FOR pale— Milch goat, $10; top buggy, $00; road
buggy, $15. 31!) Third st. ,
SIX "H. P. gas engines for sale. BAY CITY
IRON WORKS, Oakland. . .
GOOD brickmaking machine, with 28 molds.
Chrlstman Bros., 11th & St. James, San Jose.
SECOND-HAND safes. $56: WMnch desk, $27~.
RICHARDSON BROS., -1810 Market st.
GRAND imported tumbler plgeonn (rollers),
cheap while they last. Wilson. 22!) Stevenson.
PI PR, second-hand, all sizes: brass and Iron
fittings. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
REFRIGERATORS, cooling-rooms built eco-
nomlc. effective. 1511 10th ave., Sunset dlst.
IMPROVED .Wood printing Dresses, gasoline
engines. Boyer Machine Works. 46 Spear st.
ROUND campins tents for sale; cheap; some
new: llixlC. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for pricey on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO.,35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush MS
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore, <il McAllister st.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. 803 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE i-ne!np« bought, sold, exchansed,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co., 254 Beale- st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market tt.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
HANN SAFE CO.^307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post Et.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4fl Fremont ft.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will remove
the largest building in 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.
MORRIS Klves highest prices for ladles' ami
gents' casteff clothing; postal. 043 Folsom.
SHOES wanted: misfit & castoff; highest prcs. :
new & 2d-hand shoe* for sale. 74D Mlnslon.
91ONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
001-602-603 Examiner. Bulldln*.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in tru»t,
etc. ; Iecacles. life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. '
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 5H AND a PER CENT
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on city. Oakland, town
and country real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided interests in real estate, property In
trust: loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
107-8-0 CROCKER BUILDING,
.' POST AND MARKET STS.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d ,
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars i
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office. ¦ -
A. A DO YOU NEED MONEY? T ?
Loans on furniture and pianos without re-
moval; lewest rates and easiest plan In city;
don't hesitate to call; information cheerfully
given;. no publicity; reliable and square deal-
Ing. PF.OPLE'S TRUST CO..
825 MARKET ST.. ROOM 462. PARROTT Bldg
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake. 453 P;irrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.:
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 68 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
840 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairt). loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton :phone Bush 48 J.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer- '
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy paymenU; large business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bid.
THE United Lean and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prjvacy;no commleslon;!nstallments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery at., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver;
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought I
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 811. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103^ Brdwy., suite 1*2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant av*..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Ccmpany, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Ravings Bank building. 708 Market st.
1\~ per cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged.' ELFVING. 610 Hearst bldg.. Ex. ent.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 838 Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. €09 Examiner .building.
CHEAPEST und best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, rent to any address In' the
Unll»d States nr Canada one year "or $1.
MTSICALIN^TJIUMENTS J;^^^^
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
OneErard: nice condition $50
One English Le Blond: good order $75
One Sterling * cost $325; new. $105
One Lelns, walnut case; fine order, i. .. .$175
On<- Chlckerlng; mahogany case ji'30
One Knabe. used one year, latest style;, one
Stelnway. used 2 years, latest style; ono
Vose mahogany case, used 8 months; also 1
new piano, mahogany case, three strings, lat-
est style, upright grand, $147 50.
$10 Squares $10.
Emerson, Kurtxman, Cummlngs, Hallet & Da-
vis Stelnway. Kranlch & Bach, Halnes and 40
others from $10 up; easy payments — guaran-
teed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per. month; the largest
and best r stock In San Francisco to select
from' pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIA*NO CO.. 6C0-6* Hayes at.
RENTING Is our specialty; $2 up; apply en
purchase; Installments $4 • up. • HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st. : Oakland, 1252
Broadway. - ¦'
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos.
$25 '-uprights, $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 303 Post St.;
IF you want bargains come now; pianos almost
given away. HORNUNO. .216 McAllister st.
$1C3 — STEINWAY j upright; ¦ private party; no
¦ reasonable cash offer, refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos Bold on $5 monthly. pay-
menta. SCHMITZ & CO.,' 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickerlng baby' grand;
Ehonlnger, little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
6OHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
Player. BYRON MAUZY. 30*»312 Post st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
DENTIST'S office for rent: $20; established:
common reception-room with physician. 1508
Market st. .
FOI-SOM, t)3o — Large^alry store; well lighted;
also 3 large rooms; Tard; will lease.
BASKMK.NTS TO LET.
BASEMKNT to let at 16S Fourth st.
PERSONALS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed by the use of
"STENZIE." the most wonderful and ef-
fectivp dermatologlcal preparation ever placed
before '.he public; will remove permanently
any growth of hair that c^i be presented;
will not Injure tho most delicate skin: demon-
stration free. Mrs. E.G.Henderson.32CA Ellis.
A fresn. smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number. 781 O'Farrell St.." near Larkin.
Call or write for book, free,
"Hints on Beauty." •
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
und itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' : ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
A—MICROTINE. a positive cure for catarrh,
cold In the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample, i
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINK CO.. 272 9th. I
ATTENTION — Cut thin out: superfluous hair,
moles, warts killed by absorption; $1: per-
manent. B. ST. JOHN, hair, face speciaa&t,
531 Sutter st.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth et., Oakland.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT lees than cost; uncalled for su'ts. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
O. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
DRUNKENNESS morphine and all drug* dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
812 Shot well; consultation free; call or write.
"VITAL Ring" cures weak men; $2 60, poJt
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Geary. S.F.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.), tailors, 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers. 1170 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 13th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. COO. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM"S Egyptlon Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions haa been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 o. m.
PALMISTRY. >
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. nenr Geary. Phone Black 661.
FAINTING, PAPER-HANGING. ETC.
PAINTING, paperinjr and tinting done cheap:
all work done first class. Tel. Larkin 4171,.
PHYSICIAN'S AND SURGEON*.
DR C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body: for
pa&t four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eas»s cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay St.
~ PROPERTY WANTED.
I WISH to purchase two land warrants of 160
acres each. Address box 1979. Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTS'M'NTS
BERKK.LKY REAL. ESTATE!.
$2000— HALF block by the Santa Fe; $50
month.
$]4ii<! — New cottage. 5 rooms, bath, pantry,
city water, sanitary plumbing: lot 50x100; one
blcck from electric cars; $150 down, $25
mcnthly.
$sr,O— N*"»t cottage. 5 rooms and bath; near
etttlon 'of local train.
$500 — Lot 50x120, on broad macadamized
street; $50 down, $10 monthly; Interest 6 per
cent net.
$1200— House, 4 rooms; garden, etc.; v 150
down, $10 per month.
$j£50 — House, ti rooms and bath; lot 50x130;
small barn; street sewered.
$1250 — Business corner on principal avenue;
lot 00x100.
$1500— Lot for factory site, 221x123.
$250— Triangle lot, 40x120, with creek lined
with willows; $25 down. $10 month.
$1 100 — House, 4 rooms; lot 47x125; $100 down,
$15 per month.
$375 — Business lot, 20x75; $20 down.
$250 — Lot, 50X100; $25 down, $5 month.
CHARLES A. BAILEY,
1056 University ave.. nr. San Pablo ave.,
West Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP in Linda Vista Terrace; lot C7xl25;
street work, sewer, gas, water all done; $2000.
How is this for choice lots on Piedmont ave. ;
$900 each; street work, sewer, gas.' water all
done.
On Telegraph ave. I have a good lot, 50x100;
street work all done; $3750.
Now Is your chance to buy . a home where
one has left never to return, house being too
large now; beauttful terraced lawn, flowers and
a view that can hardly be beaten; 10 rooms,
bath, all the modern conveniences of a fine
house; price $5200; call and let me show you
this.
A beautiful home on Fifth ave.,- East Oak-
land; 8 rooms, bath; terraced lawn; five min-
utes to local and right near car line; flowers
fruit tiees; lot 40x140; this Is a bargain: price
$IOCO; a better location you can hardly find.
WM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$365 and $32 50 monthly — Handsome new
7-room house, now being completed, on lot
33:4x100, on Sycamore st.. near Telegraph
ave.. In the beautiful Merrell property; to be
finished in curly redwood, whitewood and
blrdseye maple, with tiled bathroom. Pur-
chaser can now select mantel, gas and elec-
trical fixtures and tinting.
$34 per foot— Lot 60x100, on Jones St.. bet.
Telegraph ave. and Grove st. Grab It quick!
Fine for flats.
$1050 — Very choice lot, 40x115; College
Heights: 34th and Dwlnelle sts.
$3100 — 11 per. cent income Investment and
good Speculation; fine flats, . with 50-foot lot.
splendidly located,' near San Pablo ave., in
rapidly advancing district: ¦ rents $27, and can
be Increased; might consider good lot In part
payment.' >
$2500 — One of the best ..chances you've ever
had; a nice 6-room ¦ cottage, with lot 30x100,
on Jones st., near Telegraph ave. Very cen-
tral.' BELDEN, REAL ESTATE, 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland.
LOTS $50 each: $5 cash; $5 monthly; it Is sel-
dom you find such property for the money;
100x100 for- $200; our. new tract. Jessie
Jones, and it's a beauty; come and see It.
Lots — $75: $5 cash, $5 monthly: as level as
' a pancake and the good Is there; size 25x
100, or any other size you may wish for up
to26 acres; Jessie, Jones, tract, fronting on
Hlgh-st.* boulevard, 90 feet wide; adjoining
East Oakland; .soil thebest; view, is grand;
no fogs nor raw winds; near cars and school;
a delightful home' site; call or send , for cir-
cular; 455 . Seventh - st., - opp. Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES.
.: owner..
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
-Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States - or Canada one . year for. $l k
postage paid. .:¦:. . -
OAKLAXD FURNITURE FOR SALB.
TO-MORROW the day for barBainTTivrarnU
ture. H. Schellhaaa.llth st., cor. store. Oakland.*
HKLl 1 VVAATKI) .1IALK ("ontlnurd.
YOUNG men, sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters,
green handy, for ships. Herman's. 27 Steuart.
WINCHESTER Hctel, 44 Tblrd St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 room?: 35o nlcht: reading-rooms;
iree 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH ofnew of Tha Call for the reception
cf adrertlEcments and subscriptions has been
opened st 10US Market St., opposite Fifth.
Op^n until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church »ts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission «t.. bet, lrt and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 125c
to r.Oc. t.i'M Mission tit., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES A\D W A (JO. VS.
A CARLOAD handled geldings, weight 1000
to 1330, from Churchill Company's ranches
at CHASE* 8. 17:;2 Market st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; 'green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. S. F.
BAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College — Next
I eeraicn begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. E10 Golden Gate ave.
CAMPING wagon; great for theatrical iraveT-
ers. 127 Turk ft. ; owner at 640 Howard st.
ALL kinds of buggies, surreys, wagons, carts,
new and old, cheap. 1504-8 Folsom st.
FOR SALE— Mnre 3 years old; gentle. Box
1S00. Call office.
WANTED — One or two heavy horses for
teaming. Box 1994. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a good buggy horse. Box
1S09. Call office.
WANTED — A gentle horse for a lady to
drive. Box 1796. Call office.
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1215
Call office.
HORSES of all grades bought, sold and ex-
changed. H. ATKINSON*. 65 Hermann st
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, warons. har-
nfsa. work and driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
HOUSES TO I,ET.
A— PRINTED list of house* to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery
PKRRY. 204. near Fourth — $7; house of 3
room*; water free. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
t CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
HOUSES TO I,E'l FIK.\:SHED.
COMPLETELY furnished house; large, sunny
rooms: hath, large yard, basement. 104 Pierce,
nr. Haisht; references required. Inquire 0-12
a.m.. 5-7 p.m. or 207 Examiner building.
DESIRABLE 2-story furnished house, with
basement and attic; sun all day; rent $75.
845 Ashbury st.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALK.
7-ROOM house; newlv furnished: all rooms
sunny: no agents; price $700. 312 Mason st.
HOUSES — SLIILltllA.V — FURNISHED
FURNISHED house to let at Falroaka, San
Mateo County; a first-class, newly furnished
house containing 5 bedrooms, besides draw-
ing-room, dining-room, servants' rooms and 2
bathrooms: large stable. Address J.J. MOORE
* CO.. 41C-418 California st.. San Francisco.
LAUNCHES FOB HISS.
C.' A. McNEILL~LAUNCH CO~foot of'cfa'y
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush S34.
J. Michaells Launch Co.. Unlon-st. wharf;boat-
Ing & excursions. t> Steuart st. ; tel. John 2688.
LOST AM) FOUND.
$50 REWARD; diamond stud; lost near corner
Eddy and Powell sts., Monday. Return to
room 3l)S. Adams House, 'JO Eddy St.; no
questions asked.
LOST— Between Bush and California and Tay-
lor and Larkin sts., a lady's gold brooch with
email diamond. Liberal reward for return
to superintendent's 1 office, the Emporium.
LOST — Thursday, gold medal, inscribed A. P.
P. B., on the front; it has also A. M. Car-
valho above the medal; reward. Return ,'S
Jack.«on st.
LOST — Lady's gold hunting case watch, dia-
mond and letters J. F. on case; ribbon fob,
large gold buckle. Liberal reward. Pacific
Fur Company. 2:14 Powell st..
LOST— A pasa book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loun Society of Ban Francisco- In the
name of DENIS NOLAN; No. 280-366. The
finder will please return to bank.
$25 REWARD; pair round cuff buttons, black
enameled. Inlaid with diamond stars. Palace
cf Art. 16 Post st.
LOST — May 2, mourning veil, between Clay,
Leavenworth. Bush, Montgomery. Reward.
1430 Clay st.
LOST — Diamond ring on Market, near 8th: $20
reward by rt-iurnlng to CHARLES THOMF-
SON\ 225 Crossley building.
LOST — A large yellow dog. Monday. Return
same to 1115 Folsom st. and receive reward.
LOST — Gold star with 3 links! Liberal reward.
1.M04A Masonic ave., or Denman School.
LOST— 4 discharge papers of ED. PETERSON.
.Return to Brooklyn Hotel; reward.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, aure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; 1 have no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed cr no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience In all femsle disorders; call or write
without delay; correspondence confidential
DR. WHITE, 702 Market st., rooms 7 and s.
A— LADIES, If you are suffering from irregu-
larities or any ailment you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first. My
method of treatment Is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee immediate relief from
any case or make no charges Advice free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re*
lief guaranteed. 1OO8V4 Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPKAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
spld; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH -
KHS. wholesale druggists,. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. w7 o'dONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femalo
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-;
nate helped; the moet difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MATERNITY Villa— Secluded; confidential;
destitute free; Infants to adopt: good homes.
DR. EMILJE FUNKE. 1410 8th, Alameda.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in cbrtetrlC6. . female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises, is permanently located at 511 A
Leavenworth St., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. corner
£Cth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
YOU can obtain relief; women only. DR. R.
H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
Dlt. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market »t.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALES.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH.& WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOK LEAK? ~~
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys. «hafting, etc., etc., boucht, sold,
rented a*vj exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks' In the one and preserve the
new. 208 Front st.; tel. Main 1428.
STOCK of. ladles' and gentlemen's fine shoes to
be sold at once; invoice $3400; will sell at
sacrifice for cash. Come at once, 1012 West
Twenty-fifth st., Los Angeles. Cal. '
A— FINE suits. $7 60; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
Inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 2CS Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 8 p. m.. 8unday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, charting, pulleya, .
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Cpear at. *-¦-.
SECOND-HAND lumber of all kinds: panel
and glass doors. Plumbing goods at old Tlv-
oli Opera-house, on Eddy ct., near Mason.
CLOSING out entire stock wood novelties and
. fixtures below cost. R. DUNNING !"5T
Geary st.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter BacIgalupT
moved to 780 Mission st. ¦ - '. \
•; liEin* WAXTirii — pkmai.k — c«»».
SI AX and n'.tr. cook, country hotel $70
•• JVaitrPi-s. make galad?. Alameda $27
Mother and daughter family work *4O
J V'W",* hott 1 $50
...--. cooks l30-$35
- Ni:rs-«\ 2 grows children $30
•X nurse Klrls. illy and country *"20-$23
.*<• wait rej.-s.es, city and country $20-S23
. Homework^ :t fami!>. no washing *3O
IrcnrfTur laundry fS week
« 'l-.amWernial'l and waitrew $2$
< »ok iti ra nch $-!0
C%'-k in s-anitarium £15
C'ot'K nnd second girl, same house, coun-
t f v $30-120
Thar.ilKrmald and waiting, country hotel. $25
, Maid and petmstrfss. sl«»p home $30
¦*i (rer.oial housework girls, city and coun-
ty- S20-J25-SiO
Ajply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
-"A YVO&&AN under 4O years' <>f age to do clean-
ing in an institution. $40 a month, rrfer-
• . iii-rs: a ycur.B girl who livee with her pa-
, >Tr .'5 t» <io lirht offir-e work; a nurse for an
•mrsr.t. $23; four good second girls for city
•r'.ices. $23 e*cli: a waitress for two In fam-
¦ilv. «:«t. MISS PLU.VKETT. 42* Putter *t..
n*>ajr Powell.
A— I^ANTEIi — Girls to learn hairdressins
n:a:ur-urlr.g. etc; trade taught from A to 7.
<r. 5 «**k»; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
*!tio»:s to fill immediately; positions gu&raa-
wl at »10 r-r week «d; leading school la
» eft. 233 Geary «t.. room 13.
.A — Giils to learn millinery now for sprtna* sea-
. rr.n; both seawms taught from start to finish
.r 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers
rcler.*(!(r&, etc.. iruas ar.t— <J at $10 per wk up-
fipy unl evening class. 1«3 Stockton St.. r. is!
A -LADIES to learn all branches hairdresMnt
• 'rad^. rr.aaicurlr.g. massage, etc 1236 Mar-
" *\f, t "'.. °° r - • Jon ' s . foora 8*: positions s-cured
at r.<;hcst wages: day and eve. class; call.
WANTED— Eip*rienced corset saleswoman.
, Apply at HALE BROS.' between 9 and II
__!: 2; |
TAILORESS, experienced hand, wanted to work
on coats. J. T. ENGLISH. Point Richmond.
FI RPT-CLASS skirt finisher. A. KAHN. M
*'*ary 8 t.
WANTED— Sleeve makers and improvers; good
»agfs. 1037 Poet at.
GIRL for reneral housework and plain cook-
ing. 1700 OFarrell st.
WANTED— Girl to iron in laundrr; sr<x*l wages.
__423iy Turk et.
nXPERIENCED rtrl for confectionery. 005
-Larkin st.
' " v ANTED— Waitress. 2S8 First st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
''"all branch office, cor. I'un.-an ft Church sts.
' A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
; cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
. "r*ned at 1OOS Market «.. opposite Fifth.
• '*[*-ti until 11 p. m.
'*" -~~ HELP WASTED HAL^.
AT ¦fHE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
* 14 Third at., near Call bldg.: phone Bu»h 403.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
.. 'HEAP FARE-REFl'.VDED.
.'. •. . U. f. GOVERNMENT WORK.
.. "f> t«-am«ters. $67 30 a month.
:5 laborers, *6O a month.
.- 10 drillfrs, rockmen. hammersmen $75.
\ m Rock foreman. $G5 a month and board.
• 2 men to rut Dine wo^d. 4 feet. $1 25 a cord.
FOB. THE SAWMILLS.
4 lumber i>il»rs, $3 a day.
«• 4 lumber j>il«>rs and yardmen, $35 month and
board.
' 4 mill hands. $.'i5 a month and board.
"• ' carpenter, steady Job, $50 and found.
- CAL. CMP. AGENCY. 14 Tblrd ft.
'.AT <XJ»NTRACTORS' AGENCY.
'. " % THIRD ST.— Tfleihone Main 5521.
, VKVA.OA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
Government Work. IZ'.ght Hours. Cheap Far».
• .T<-amsttr«' *2 23 Laborers $2
•Cook, must be first class, $3.
I'riUrrs, tunr.el. Csi..$2 50 to $2 75. free fare.
Drifter to run Rtx machine. $3. free fare. '
• coc'j*ys.fc"anta Cruz Co., piece work.steady Job.
- Ranch "hanGt. Sonoma Co.. good Jobs, $1 fd.
." RAILROAD TEAMSTER?, $2 25.
New <amp. California. Long Job. Good layout.
. ' Ehipto-tejr. Ship to-day.
j .» HORD & SMITH.
A— CONTRACTORS" EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
" CIS lYastnngtoii St.; phone James 3301 — We
• ship dfiily to Nevada, Government ditch work.
* houft-. laborers, rockmen. teamsters, S2 and
. TT 5o day; 4 ranch teamsters, long Job. $30
• « '•&, . cht-ap fare: 8 woodchoppers, cheap fare.
?I 75 c«.rd ; carriage painter, strip* and varn-
¦?h.» $3 5«.» day. cheap fare; teamsters, new
, tlectrlc R. R.. free far', $2 day; marble
• pclisher, city. $2 50 day; boys Tor sash and
doer labtory. $1 23 to $1 30 day. cheap fare.
.. _i L_H. CUTTING & CO.
. "JANITOR for institution. SSS and found; 3
- ;arn ,rrr and wives, $47 50 and SSO and found;
rarit-h blacksmith. $45 and found; jobbing
Siack«i:!th and hcrsfshofr. $2 day and
board; 2 waponmakers. $2 30 and $3 day; 8
f^nr.fr*. tl 23 day and board; 2 machine
. . -men. $¦'. day: 2 door molders. $3 day; elevator
¦-•"'raii. f25; man and wife, country hotel, wife
-look. $70: hotel cock. $30; extra omnibus
•i^n. dishm-asbers and other*. J.F. CROSETT
.•- * <"O., 4CS Sacramento tt.
" V.ED CRfitSS. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
• " <;C2 Clay St.; phone James 2476.
NEW R. R. WORK— NORTH.
• 1JT t^atnstert, $2 23 pr day.
.1" laborers. $2 per day.
.-•MllkT. near city. $25 month and found.
.v hf-»£f-niak£r. Pacramento Co.. $4O mo. and fd.
Tvmr wanted en R. R. grade work.
•Ranch Lands, cooke. waiters, *tc.
HED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
.€02 City et., near Montgomery. ;
ANDRE' t; Office. 317 Stockton st. — Second but- I
. vJ»r. 1T-5; butler, $60: gardener, $55 to $40; |
•rr-sn to raise vegetables fcr private place.
. S30 zrft found; waiter, private institution,
. t'i<i: JTOQBS man to assist end learn waiting.
• •" $30: choreman for. resort. S20 to $25. etc.
i-MAN and wife, ranch. $60; stableman and
' "wre.- $«0. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter rt.
A^ L Z
"Men to learn the barb*r trade In two moctht
¦ ¦ *ar.d secure good pocUicns; catalogue and tuil
: ' information mailed free. MOLKR System
¦ ' Vollege; 6S5 Clay st.
WANTED — Ycung man who Is thoroughly ex-
• periencej in mend'ng Jewelry, watcheu and
clocks, also ccmoetent to s»!I; state ascr, ex.
peri«-nce and salary expected. Apply box
l!»i*5. Call office. ' . ,
. WANTED — Experienced wachgoods salesman.
Apply at HALE BROS.'. t*t. 9 and 11 a. m.
WAXTEl) — Casfcboys from 13 1o 15 years of
¦ "ukK Xoply at HALE BROS.', between 8
N ir; .11 m. m.
YOUNG man wanted — Experienced salesman
. • • for 4'ug cundrles. Apply, stating age, expert-
• enc», reference and salary wanted, box 1JJ95,
• , Call office. .
WANTED — A competent hotel clerk for fir*t-
Ctesa ccumtry hctel; state experience end sal-
,?«ry expected; references required. Box 1990.
• ."all office.
WANTED — In a wholesale house. 2 good boys,
. who are willing to work; good opportunity
• for right boys; apj.ly between 6:30 and 0
a. m. 8 Butter ct.
• **
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 925 Golden
•Jate a\e.. room 7, for free Information as
- .-to cocluons. salaries, ace limits, etc.; day
'or cveslnss.
• .MAN and wife, Scandinavian preferred, for
..summer, resort: have charge of place and
weeR en shares. Bex 1130 Call office, Oak-
' lartd. '
A NIGHT matchman with first-ciass refer-
¦enc*c: £ood steady position for reliable man.
•Apply box I$e8. Call office.
.WANTE1* — An experienced bushelman for cut
„ (ff'tovn. Address A. KEENE, Royal Hous»,
1 ' San FYancisco. • -'•¦'•
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a cood
rfifker. «-:.».'< .-«¦ uj make money. F. PERSON,
' 477 and 47fc. Parrott building.
W.ANTED — Non-union blacksmiths and mi-
T^laists. Call at room 25. 233 Powell «t.. 2
• to * t). m.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
• trade free of ehar«re* Western Colleee of
.Bart>erar C47 Comerclal «t.
•EXPERIENCED wrapper. JOE ROSENBERG.
" the ©rice cutter. 836 Market st. • f « •• ,< ..;
GENTLEMAN to solicit for weekly paper In
*• northern part of city. Apply 518 Filbert tt.
WANTED — Barber for Sunday morning. 804
Larkin st. ; phone Hyde 20»0.
' BUSHELMAN wanted. J. T. ENGLISH Point
Richmond. Cal. '
WANTED— Piano player. Globe Saloon, 30
Turk «t. •
TRUSTWORTHY German, handy, tend bar.
Vlnehouse; married pref. Box 1»S9. Call.
*T5 — MAN warned: no nirht or Sunday work.
• Call. 228 Fifth sit.
A'.GCKJIJ tailor wanted for t/ushellng. 877 Sut-
ler et.. near Leavpiiwcrth.
BOY to help plumber; come early. 470 Hayes
utrcet.
¦BA-ntJER ehop wanted: must be rood; state
'particulars. D. D.. 21 Glen Pmrk *ve.. 12th. 1
REAL
GRAND
AUCTION HALE i
• AND EXCURSION
TO
SANTA CRUZ SANTA CRUZ
THE QUEEN OF AMERICAN WATERING
PLACES.
SATURDAY. MAY 7. 19O4.
SATURDAY. MAY 7. 1304.
300 HOMESTEAD AND VILLA LOTS 30O
THE MOST IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
OF THE SEASON.
$3 00 ROUND TRIP TICKET *-i 00
*3 00 ROUND TRIP TICKET $3 00
GOOD TO RETURN SUNDAY. *
NEW SANTA CRUZ.
Improvements which will Involve an expendi-
ture of about $250,000 are now under way.
and with the opening of the season of 1904
the tourist and pleasure seeker to this beau-
tiful resort Dlace will witness such a trans-
lormation of the bathing beach as will fur-
nish wonderment to the mind and delight
to the eyes and senses.
We will offer at this sale that beautiful prop-
erty known as the "%-¦
COTTAGE CITY TRACT-
consisting of -j.
300 SUPERB AND SIGHTLY BUILDING
LOTS 300
Fronting on the San Lorenzo River, command-
ing a panoramic view of Monterey Bay, th»
city of Santa Cruz and adjacent to the new
and magnificent Cottage and Tent City.
Lots 30*to fiO feet frontage by 120 deep to a
15-foot alley; lots level— on grade; streets
sewered; water pipes In and all ready to
build on.
The Drot>erty is on high land aad borders on
both the San Lorenzo Klver and the Bay
of Monterey and from which magnificent
vistas can be obtained of mountain, ocean
and forent scenery.
These beauttful lots are within from five to
eight minutes' walk of the great bathing
fstabllshment and adjoin Seabrixht Park.
The. Santa Cruz and Capltola elec*rlc line runs
through the tract. fifteen minutes ride
bringing one to Capltola. while on the other
hand ten minutes' ride will enable one to
reach the heart of the city of Santa Cruz.
Seabrlght depot, located on the S. P. Com-
pany's line, is within three minutes* walk,
while the beautiful Twin Lakes lie but a
short distance to the east.
SPECIAL EXCURSION TRAINS.
SPECIAL EXCURSION TRAINS.
From From Third and Townsend street de-
pot. San Franclsso. Saturday. May 7. 10O4, at
7:30 a. m.
From Fourteenth and Webster streets, Oak-
land, at 7:43' a. m.
From Park street. Alameda, 8:20 a. m.
Returning. st>eclal trains will leave Santa
Cruz May 7. as follows:
Via broadsaug* and Pajaro at 4:13 p. m.
Via narrowgauge and Los Gatos at 4:2O p.m.
Excursion tickets will also be good return-
Ing on any regular broad or narrow gauge.
Sunday, May 8.
The round trip rate from San Francisco.
Oakland or Alameda will bev, Three Dollars ($3).
From San Jose the rate win be $1 75 and pro-
portionately low rates from Intermediates will
be announced.
LUNCH CM THE GROUNDS.
Arrangements have been made whereby ihe
ladles .of the East Santa Cruz Improvement
Society will provide a fine lunch in the open
and for which they will charge a moderate
sum. ¦*¦"
For mars and full particulars apply to.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 POST STREET.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STKEET.
$41,000 — 4-story and attic apartment house,
containing 22 separate apartments of 2-3-4
rooms and bath; toilet in each; brand new: se-
cured lease of ten years; first five years. $4800
per year; the following five years. $3400 peg
year net; tenants pay. for all repairs, water
bills, etc.; surety bond lease.
$40,000 — Montgomery- ave. euslness corner;
fronts ge on four streets; 87 foot frontage;
property occupied &a store and dwelling house,
rather old; rents for $200 per month.
$16,000 — Callfornia-st. corner; CO foot front-
age; 3 elegant residences thereon; rent $115 per
month; room for speculation.
$15,000— Northwest corner. 40- foot frontage,
on Kearny st..- containing grocery, bar and
basement; also 2 flats, renting for $140 per
month; could be Increased to $1GO per month
without the loss of a single tenant: $6000 mort-
gage on premises at present; could easily ob-
tain more.
S075O — 3 new flats on Waller st.. near Web-
ster; 5-5-9 rooms and bath; elegant mantels;
rents $92 50 per month.
$3500 — 2 modern fiats, 3-4 rooms and por-
celain bath; Sanchez st. : rent $30 per month;
can be bought by paying $10Oo cash; mortgage
at 6 per cent; balance payable at $40 per
month.
$S0€0 — 19th st.. near Guerrero: 4 beautiful
flats of 5-5-6-7 rooms and baths: modern
open plumbing; flats In perfect condition; rents
$77 per month; lot 50 foot frontage; this is the
cheapest piece on 19th st.
$6150 — Broderick-st. residence of 8 rooms and
porcelain bath; open plumbing; a positive sac-
rifice.
$6000 — Leavenworth-st. corner, consisting of
store and flat above of 5 rooms; also stable in
the rear; rents $60 per month.
$<;00o — Building lot on Jackson st*. near Bu-
chanan; decidedly choice piece of property In
neighborhood where sites are exceedingly
scarce.
$6000 — 3 Mission flats of 4-4-5 rooms and
bath; new, modern plumbing; flats in excellent,
first-class condition; bitumlnized streets; ex-
cellent neighborhood; present rent $33 per
month; would stand an increase of 20 per cent.
SeOCO — 19th St.; 2 perfect beauties: flats of
6-7 rooms and bath; rents $53 per month;
mortgage of $4000 easily obtained.
$5(100 — FUlmore St.. near Greenwich: 32 foot
frontage; 2 stores and living rooms; perma-
nently rented; social or lodge hall above, al-
most nightly rented at the rate oX $5 per night;
rent of stores. $24 per month.
$4000—2 little flats In the Western Addition;
4 rooms and bath: brick foundation; rent $04
per month.
$3700 — 23d et., near Vlcksburg; beautiful 2-
story house. 8 rooms and bath; stable to ac-
commodate 2 horses; 38 foot frontage; rent $30
per month.
$3600 — Pine st.. near Devisadero; 2-story
house containing 6 rooms and bath.
$3300 — Gavin plaee; 4 small flats of 4-4-4.5
rooms; cellar to each flat; rent for $36; never
idle: this ia a snap.
$3300 — 2 fiats on Clara St.. near 4th; 5 rooms
and bath; new foundation: modern plumbing;
flush toilets, etc.; rents $33 per month.
$2250^ — Cottage, containing 5 rooms and bath;
everything In first-class condition; 8 foot base-
ment; excellent garden; situated In the warm
belt or the Mission.
$5C0 each— $50 cash, balance in small
monthly installments; 6 lots; on 4*th ave..
close to the car line and ocean boulevard; this
portion of San Francisco is becoming very pop-
ular for summer residences; buy one to-day
and keep it for the babies; it will become
valuable.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
;,; 638 MARKET ST.
COMPULSORY PARTITION SALE.
Grand marine view lots, $1250 and upward,
on Green, Baker and Union sts.
One-third less than adjoining lots are selling
for. Lots are selling fast.
Streets sewered and all lots on the grade.
Rlzht on car line and In improving neigh-
borhood.
Peremptory offering. Easy terms if desired.
O. H. FERGUSON,
409 California st. Tel. Exchange 409.
ONLY $13,325.
RENTS $1470 PER YEAR.
Four fine. new. sunny flats. 5. 5. 5 anu C
rooms and bath; all latest Improvements. Pos-
itively must be sold. Situated near Fell und
Ljon sts. For particulars apply to
THORNE A KILPATRICK,
312 BUSH ST.
f 1.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lots In the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level; no
grading to do: ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. room 5.
REMOVAL NOTICE?" 7 "
The office of the Jacob Heyman Company has
been removed to office of OSCAR HEYMAN.
14 Post at.
BUILD your unimproved realty; we loan fall
cost improv. and part lot at «%. MANHAT.
TAN BAVTNGS BANK. Crocker building.
2931-85-37 PIERCE St.— Lot 50x112:6; will sell
for cash. Address box 1860. Call office.
ALL work guaranteed first class *>y ALH-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st. .
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
A FINE ten-acre orange grove hrWull bear-
Ing; some of the finest oranges in California:
to exchange for Oakland or San Francisco
property. P.. C. LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth
St., Oakland, Cal.
j HKLl* WANTED-— gl ALE— Con.
A— AT VA~ain
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay €t.
PHONE MAIN T.S48.
lyntiirjr Employment and Labor Agents.
WE SPEAK
SPANISH. SWISS. FRENCH.
GERMAN. GREEK, ITALIAN.
Your fare free. L-jok — Free fare.
TO STATE OF NEVADA.
If you stay four months. THAT'S ALL.
V. S. GOVERNMENT WORiv.
Lt'5 *wo-horse teamsters, $bO.
150 laborers, you'il pult, $00.
»r. drillers, rockmen, hammermen .$75.
Kight hours' work, hundreds going.
IN CALIFORNIA—
23 laborer*, big mine company. $75, $«i7 tO.
IS muoVw, gold quartz, $<!" 50.
TO FARMS. DAIRIES ETC.
120 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, all
over California; $25. $^6. $.10. $.V> and found.
"3 Food teamsters. $2<>, $30 and found.
•V> milkers, located everywhere, $30, $::5 fd.
MECHANICAL.
0 coopers; machine blacksmith's helper, $73.
3 tallymen, lumber company, if'.', a day.
I'lancr and sticker liamic. $3 a day up.
12 blacksmiths, different Jobs.
WOODCHOPPERS.
225 men fo rjt wood all over <"alifornia.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
18 cooks for hotels, saloons, minea, cafes
ranches and summer resorts, $:i0, $10, $50
and $»'O and lound.
15 waiters, different lobs, $25. $30 $U5 fd.
12 dlshw.iFhers, $20. %25 and 30 and found.
3 hotel portrrs. «T0. $25, ?:{0 and found.
3 hotel porters, S2O. $25 and found.
Cook, bakfr, small *hop, country, $53 fd.
LAUNDRYMEN.
Concentrator, $!>0.
Cari-iase painter; sticker hand. $4 a day.
Double-cut band sawyer, lumber company
?5 a day.
MURRAY & READY. 636 and 63C Clay sL
BENCH hands; planer handT
Molder and sticker hand; door molder.
ti coopers, 9c barrel
LOOK!
Gang edg*rman. fare $1 25 $55 to $70 fd.
SPECIAL.
8 plumbers, 8 hours, country $4 day.
3 plasterers. 8 hours, country. $5 day.
25 carptnters. 8 hourn, country, $3 "f>0 day.
7 raperhangers. S hours country. $4 day.
10 painters. 8 hours, country. tX 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. (RJ4-6S6 Clay "st.
FARMER and wife, cook 4 men no other
woman. $40 and found
FREE FARE.
20 miners. $2 60 tr> $3 day.
6 elnKle miners, gold quartz mine. $<?7 80.
16 muckers, gold quartz mine. $82 50
Butcher, slaughter- house, ranch $30 found.
MURRAY & READY. 6.14-«ie Clay St.
COOK, fare SI 25. $«T ~
2 bakers" helpers, city and country SSO fd.
Choreman, drive milk wagon city $25 fd
MURRAY & READY. »S34-630 Clay st.
CIRCULAR sawyer, eawmlll. $100 found.
Phlngle packer, boss here. $40 found.
3 teamsters, city J<>b $2 25 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-<ff6 Clay at.
OWNERS. ~ ~~
THEY ARE HERE.
25 single and double hand miners, $82 50.
25 muckers. $67 50.
14 hand miners $S2 R0
ALL GOOD GOLD MIXER
MURRAY & READY. 6:14-636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH no *hoeiriK. fare $1 25 $3 day.
OX TEAMSTERS.
Ox teamster, no trucking. $75 and found.
Farmer and wife San Mateo Co., $40 found.
BAKERS— LOOK.
Baker and pastry baker, hotel, near city, $45
and found.
2 door molders. L. Co., boss here, POc fare,
$2 60 to $3.
Screw turner H C Co. $75.
LAUNDR YM EN.
2 markers, country $18 week.
Second marker, country. $15 week.
Polisher country. $15 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
LATE SPECIALS^
Painter, see bof=s here. $3 to $3 50 day; stick-
er hand,s. country mill; blacksmith, country
shop; 3 bench hands, country planing mill;
2 porters, city Institution. $20 and found.
Potwasher. city institution $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 630 Clay st.
A — ANY one — that's you — can get from
MURRAY & READY FREE the book of la-
bor, 72 pa?es. fully cartooned, entitled
•LET JUSTICE PREVAIL." '
THE LABOR PROBLEM
By
HERBERT V. READY.
Author and Publisher,
C34-C35 Clay st.. S. F., Cal.
8 BOYS, work in machine shop. $4 week.
15 haymakers. $32 50 and found.
Carriage painter, country.
Second baker, exceptional good Job. $30 fd.
Milker. 23c fare, $35 fcund.
Double-tree ehaper and spindle shaper, $3
day.
Milker, city dairy. *40 found.
MURRAY ft READY.
634 and C38 Clay st.
S HORSESHOERP, city and country'. $1 day.
Carriage painter, fare $1 50, plain work. $:: 50
day.
Painter, ab!fe to hang paper, $2 to $3 day.
LOOK!
Cook and bdker, south, fare $4, $12 week.
Coachman. $30 and found.
LOOK!
Btead baker, Portland, fare paid. $20 to $24
week.
Cake baker, fare $1. $45 and found.
Feccnd bread baker, fare 51 50 $40 and fd.
Cake baker. Fresno. $1S to $20 week.
3 carpenter*, factory, fare 30c, $3 day.
Plasterer, fare ."Ilk- $C day. ,
MURRAY & READY. C34 and C36 Clay st.
SECOND baker, bread, Santa Cruz. $35 found.
1 Porter, city institution, $35 found.
Porter, first-class city hotel, $25 found.
Butcher, slaughter man, $50 found.
Buttermaker, cheesemaker, $40 found.
Bricklayer. San Mateo County, $6 day.
1 sa!lor fcr yacht, $30 found.
German baker's helper. $25 found.
LOOK!
Teamster, express wagon. $30.
Cut-off sawyer. $2 25 day
MURRAY fc READY, f.34-636 Clay st.
LOOK!
SPECIALS.
3 handy rr'm to run machinery, country
factory. ?2 50 day.
2 painters, plain work, fare ?.0c, $33 found.
2 horseshotrs. clmp, 50c. $3.
2 blacksmith helpers. 35c fare. $2 50 day.
2 spool tenders, lumber co., $30 found.
Shingle packer; machinist, country factory.
$3 day; painter and pap«»rhanger, city; JO
porters, hotels, saloons, $20 to $35 found: 15
haymakers, fare $1. $1 25 day; cake bake*,
country shop. $50 and found : young man to
take orders and deliver meat, city Job ?40;
15 laborers, rold mine. $CT 50. /
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
OLD establishfd two-chair barber-shop for
sale. DECKELMA.n BRQg.. !(*» Ellis st.
WANTED — Five expert custom shlrtmakers to
ro to Los Angeles; must be thoroughly expe-
rienced; the beat pay and the most modern
factory In America. Apply by writing box
1929, Call office.
A PRACTICAL plurr.ber with a few hundred
dollars at once as partner In the plumbing
and fas fitting business; correspondence ¦so-
licited. Address F. W\, care 1008 Market'
«t., San Francisco. Cal. . ¦¦¦, •'¦- ¦>
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikin, R*no House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooma to the Denver House.
217 Third tt.; 230 rooms; 25c to SOc per night.
YOUNG man for farm work; must know how
tfl plow; wages $25 and found. P. L. BLISS,
320 Post at., -after 10 a. in.
50 MEN and :>0 women to take part next week
at Central Theater. Apply to-day at 10 a. m.
at stage entrance.
BARBER ehop, old established, comer Ellis
and Webster sts.. fully furnished, for rent.
Inquire 13C2 Webster st.
FOR sale — Barber shop; 3 chairs; good busi-
ness; fine location; lease; no snide business;
cnap. 211 Sixth st.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 SO pair; foot. form shoes at $2 CO; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d <t..Exam. bid.
PLATEN press feeder; steady position. . ' 520
Market st. "
WANTED — Three laborers. Fourteenth ave.
aid N «t. south; take Kentucky-street car.
TO let — Barber shop; furnished. Apply 1633
Turk st
FOR sale — Barbers. 2-chaIr shop; good for $100
monthly; bargain. 10J7 Broadway. Oakland.
¦ 3-CHAIR barber shop; first-class bu»lnei>s: a
good chance. Apply Call office.
TWO-CHAIR barber 6hop for sale. Inquire
WILL & FINCK. 21 O'Farrell st.
A GOOD slgnpalnter for a northern town. Box
8675. Call office. .
SAILORS and youne men (?reen hands), for
rhlp*. HALLBERT. SI 7 Jackson St.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy.. r. 415.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741A Howard et.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Psat Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Po«t. G. A. R.
WANTS ir THrV ONI V KNOW WHAT YOU WANT
REAL. ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of Investment, residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesroom. 2«
Montgomery st., MONDAY. May 9, at 13
o'clock noon.
JULIA LEAHY KSTATE.
Executor Sale.
The three following properties must be sold
t3 close the cbove estate, subject to confirma-
tion by the Superior Court.
No. 1.
S.E. cor. of Waller and Ashbury sts.; choice
building lot, 35x100:3.
No. 2. . .
2303 Devlsadero St.. west line. bet. Wash-
ington and Jackscn: cottage of 5 rooms an<l
bath; rent $22 30; lot a#:7 Vjxl37:6.
Also four choice building lots adjolnlnjr.
25x137:0 each.
No. 3.
Lot 25. in block 0. Mission and 30th sts.;
extension Homestead Unicn.
JONES-STREET FLATS.
1424-6-8 Jcnes St.. east line, near Washing-
ton st.. 3 substantially built flats of 8 roonu
and bath each, rent $127 50 per month, lot
32x137:6, irre*.
NORTH END INVESTMENT.
1520-37 Mascn st., bet. Broadway and Val-
lejo St.; Improvements consist of a good brick
building, containing ."S4 rooms, nrranged Into
7 tenements; rented low at $K5 per month;
portion of lot in rear can still be built upon.
Bank moriga^e of $6750 at 6 per cent can
remain: lot 4&:9xlCO.
CHOICE MISSION RESIDENCE.
2334 Howard st., west lin*. bet. 19th and
20th sts.; very deairable bay-window residence
of 10 rooms ani bath, .with stable In rear;
also large garden and *awn; lot ttl:«xl22:0.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
37S0 17th st.. north line, near Sanchea st. ;
a wp.l-bu.it residence of 10 rooms and bath,
garden anu lawn; bank mortgage of $4000 at
tt per cent can remain; lot Soxl.iS. lire*.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
S.E. cor. of 29th ana Church sts.: substan-
tial improvements consist of store with
4 rooms. Including bake oven; also flat of 7
rooma and bath above; rented low at $57 50
per month: lot 27xS0.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
16-16^ Washington ave. and »-9Vi Grand
ave., near 9th and Mission sts.; Improvement*
consist of 4 flats of 4-5-tt rooms and bath each:
rented low at $K) per month; lot 25x113; 2
frontages.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT3.
Webster St.. west line, bet. Oak and Fell
8ts.; 2 desirable building lots. 23x100 each.
OIFT MAP LOTS. ¦
Chapultepec St., east line, north of Esmer-
alcla st. and Elsie St.. west line, north of
Esmeralda St.; being lots 307-8 of Gift ma»
No. 3.
For catalogue and further particulars ap-
ply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery street.
SPECK & CO..
209 MONTGOMERY ST..
200 MONTGOMERY ST.,
2»M> MONTGOMERY ST..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Selling. Leasing.
Rents collected. Insurance.
$ll!0,C00— Rents $9«K>; investing $50,00»>
cash and assuming bank mortgage of $50,000
will pay 12 per cent net; lot 55xlG7:8.
$3O.0UO— NW. corner; 137:«xlS7:«; Goldea
Gate ave., east of Scott: good Improvements;
mortgage $30,000 at 5V. per cent can remain;
reasonable offer entertained.
$45,000— Vicinity Bush and Kearny: stor»s
and three floors above; brick building; lot
fronts 35 feet; rents $2Co.
$20,000^ — f?utter-st. bargain, near Leaven-
worth; good thr»»e-story Improvements; lot
27:6xl37.« feet: no reasxjrable oft»r refused.
$2C. 000— Polk-st. business property: 2 stores
and lodging-house : lot 30x03 f?et: rents $145;
$10,000 bank mortgage can remain.
$18,500— Post st.: lot 62:6x124 feet: 2 front-
agts; very good Improvements; rents $140.
sir>,in«> — Rent $130: goo<l flats: vicinity Van
Ness and Grove; lot 27:6x120 feet; this bar-
gain la hard to beat.
$10,50O— Pine st.. bet. Mason and, Taylor;
( lot 26x137:6 feet; three-story Improvements.
SS.->m — 2 stores and 4 flats; corner north of
Market st.; 43:8 feet frontage; yearly renta
$'JC6; paying lli-i P«r cent.
$5OCO cash— Monthly rent $103: balanc*
$750*1; bank mortgage can remain; 3 fine new
flats; Western Addition.
RESIDENCES.
$60,000— Magnificent residence. 15 rooms and
baths: interior mahogany wood: most costly
finish throughout: lot 123x137:6 feet; pano-
ramic view of city and bay.
-$15,000^ — California-st. residence: 12 room*
and bath; lot 33x137 :G feet; choice block.
$1500— 4-room cottage; lot 27:6x100 feet;
Mission Warm belt.
CHOICE LOTS. "• -¦"¦'
$13,000— NW. corner; 50:6x137:6 feet; un-
surpassed marine view; must be sold this
week. - .v
$3250— Broadway; north side and best resi-
dence block; unobstructed view; lot 27x137:9
feet
SPECK & CO..
200 Montgomery St.. opposite Mills building.
HEAL ESTATE— Country— For Sale.
$3S0O—BARGAlN*f or immediate sale: 13 acres
valley land: close to large town; Alameda
County; 10 acres In bearing vineyard, under
high state of cultivation: some Iruits. with
also a good crop of almonds; good house of 8
rooms; barn: 10,00-sallon tank and mill:
beautiful flower garden and lawn; complete
arrangements for poultry raising, with One
Incubator house, etc. ; a model and productive
home; will pay over $1000 this year in
crops; owner a non-resident, and must l>»
sold hence the above price; see photographs
at this office. H. H. CRANE. SOS Callfor-
nla st.
GREAT bargain— Rich. Irrigated farms; biff
canal; free water right; very cheap; easy
terms: bomeseeker's opportunity. C. la.
WOOSTER CO.. 643 Market st.
im-ACRE home property: short walk from R.
R_ depot, Alameda County: tn a perfect cll-
maf; comfortable hou*e 5 rooms, barn, out-
building*, mill and 50CO-gal. tank: 2 acres ia
vineyard: balance fine ooen Dasture: sur-
roundings first-class: fine natural trees, beau-
ttful scenery, etc.: price $2500 for Immediata
sale; easy terms If desired; owner non-resi-
dent. H. *H. CRANE. 3CS California st.
FOR sale — ICO-acre mountain ranch. 3 mile*
from Cloverdale. Cal.: lots of timber, grass,
water, gam*- and fish; good stock, fruit,
vegetable, poultry or bee ranch, or an Id«al
. health or summer resort; Improvements cost
$15C0: gclng at $1COO cash. Box 23. Ctaver-
dale. Cal. _
$2030—25 ACRES one mile from town: Ala-
meda County: oubtie and high schools; land
all level (no adobe): magnificent water sup-
ply, mill and 10.000- gal. tank: some fruits:
no better place for poultry raising and pro-
ducing feed on the place. H. H. CRANE.
508 California st. '
1400 ACRES at $6 50 per acre; only 90 miles
from San Francisco: to close up an estate;
see owner dally at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
INGE. 108 Jessie St.. San Francisco.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. MS
Market st. . >
FOR sale — A large tract of redwood at a bar-
gain; 35.000 feet per acre. Box 1978. Call.
POINT RICHMOND REAL. ESTATE.
LAST chance— $5 monthly; lots any tract: first
price, first choice; near sites bought for fac-
toriei!. etc. A. W. BELL. 211 Montgy.. 3. F.
BOOTS gOXJS^! 1 ,^,
BONDS for sale — Notice Is hereby given that
cealed bids will b« received until 2 o'ciodc
p. m.. Saturday, May 3S, l»04. by the Board.
of Control of the Territory of Arizona, at th*
office of said board in the City of Phoenix.
Arizona for the sale of Ten Bonds of th«
denomination of One Thousand Dollars each.
biaring date January 1, 1904. due and pay-
able January 1, 19&4. bearing Interest at tha
rate of five per cent <3%> per annum, optional
after twenty-five years. Issued by the Ter-
ritory of Arizona. In accordance with the*
.provisions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-sec-
ond Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
and which act has been apnroved by th«
Congress of the United States. Interest on>
said bonds will be paid ieml-annually • on
the first day of January and July of eaca
year and both principal and Interest payable
•in gold coin of the United States at tha of-
fice of the Treasurer of said Territory. A
certified check of a responsible bank for 3
per cent of the amount of the bid. payab?»
to the order of E. E. Klrkland. Territorial
Treasurer, and a copy of this advertisement
" must accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
to make payment tn full upon allotment and.
tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of the checic
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and market
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bnn»<» **
Continued on Page Fourteea.NEW YORK, May 4.— Sixteen thor
oughbreds were named by their train
ers tcT-day to start for the first great
prize of the Eastern season, the Met
ropolitan handicap at a mile, which
will be run over the Withers course at
Morris Park shortly after 4 o'clock
to-morrow afternoon. Waterboy, Her
mis, Africander and McChesney, the
stars of. last year, are missing from the
list. Highball,, champion of .last sea
son's two-year-olds, | and Irish Lad,
winner of last year's Brooklyn handi
cap, are the most prominent horses
which will strive for the $15,000 prize
to-morrow. If the weather is good all
records for attendance will probably
be broken." The track is certain to be
fast In any event.
The starters named, their weights
and probable jockeys are:
Horse. Jockey. Weight.
Irish Lad Shaw 123
Mattic Worth McCue - 111
Dazzling ..... ..... Odom 110
Eugenia Burch ......; Cochran lOfl
Lux Casta Wonderly 107
Rostand ....Romanelli lufl
Red Knight .Phillips 100
Highball Fuller 105
Pulsus Redfern ¦ 101
Ingoid ................'..•. ..J. Hennessy 101
Beldamo .............. .....O'Nell 98
l^ord Badge .............. .Cormack on
Stalwart Burns us
Orthodox .....W. Hennessy n«
Damon ...........Hildebrand VZ
lllyrla Creamer -90
HIGHBAIiIj AND IRISH IjAT)
MEET IX METROPOLITAN
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Face Fifteen.
Frankie Nell Going East.
Frankie Neil, the bantam-weight
champion, accompanied by his father
leaves this morning: for the East He
thought he was matched to meet
Harry Forbes in Chicago, but when
the latter heard Neil was about to start
East he canceled the match. There
are several clever boxera of Nell's
weight in the East and he is sure of
being kept busy.
100 Con C A Va.1 60 ZOO, Union Con .. 75
2C0 Crown Point. IS 300 Utah 10
S00 Justice 10 100 Yellow Jacket. 31
100 Occidental ... 801 •
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 231 100 Overman " M
ICO Best & Belch.l 60! 100 Overman '29
100 Caledonia ... 56| 300 Scorpion . i.%
ICO Con C & Va.l S3i 10O Seg Belcher .. 10
ICO Exchequer ... 281 ICO Sierra Nev . 5%
200 Gould & Cur. 20 500 Silver Hill 5«
100 Hale &¦ Norc. 63 400 Utah to
200 Mexican 2 15 200 Yellow Jacket. CO
250 Ophlr 6 CO!
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia ... 601 1G0 Silver Hill .. T.5
100 Con C &. Va.l HOI ixo Union Con 75
400 Crown Point. 18 100 Union Con .. 74
500 Justice 10| 100 Union Con . / 74
200 Occidental ... 80 100 Yellow Jacket. 22
400 Ophir 5 87U|
Afternoon Session.
BOO Andes 23| 400 Sierra Nev . *. 63
600 Con C & V.I 67n;i50O Silver Hill ..'55
600 Kentuck Qti\ 20O Union Con .. 73
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
ctsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
200 Mont Ton..l 52^1 SCO Ton of Nev.0 62'4
7U2 Ton Mtilway. 331
Afternoon Session.
200 Gold Anchor. 32| 500 Ton Bclmont.. 63
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. May 4 — »' p m .
Bid. Ask.! . Eld. Ask.
Alpha O 6 Ot;|Justlce to u
Alta ° 7 001 Kentuck vz 01
Andes ~ SWKeyes Graes.. — l tU
Belcher 22 24 1 Lady Wash .. — , c»!
' Best & Belch.l 55 1 Wl Mexican 2 10 2 13
' Bullion w COlOccldental ... 79 jtl
Caledonia ••• 5« ">7lOphir 5 S7«-i « (Uj
Challenge Con 17 20|Overman £K ;rj
Chollar ~ ; ;£'? 0t081 ls 20
Confldence ... »& I <K>i *«corplon 10 vfl
Con C & Va.l 55 1 WJISavaK^ r.H H7
Con Imperial. C2 CO! Seg Belcher .. no ti
Con N Y 02 04 [Sierra Nev .. *„-, 3()
Crown Point. IS 19 Silver Hill .. 5T» .'.?
East Sierra N 06 — |St Louis .... en jq
Eureka Con.. — WJ|Syridlcat« ©4 ,-<•
Exchequer .. 28 2!M(7nion Con .. 7:: 7;
•Tould & Cur. l» 2ftjrtah cr» n
Hale & Norc. «•» » i Yellow Jacket. SO Ul
Julia - W» <*•!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Colehan — 07 Ray Ton .... — ;>#
Esperanza ... — 01 Ray & OBrl»n 0:; ci
Gipsy Queen. — 0i» Rescue on 0;
Gold Anchor. HO — Ton U*lmont. . «• 71
! Gold M Con. 0:: CGTon * Cal .. C$ _
i Uttlc Ton .. 25 — jTon OoW M. It 28
MacNamara . IS 20|Ton ot Nev..O.V>0 73
Mirpah Ex .. 11 25ITon N Star,. — - ::2
1 Mont Ton..! 52'.i 1 r«.*.|Ton Midway:. :;7 .13
I Nevada Chief — lOlTon * Salt L IS «
fins Grove .. 50 — {United Ton ..10 —
SAVANNAH. Ga.,' May 4.— Tommy
Feltz knocked out Kid McFadden of
San Francisco to-night in the fourth
round of what was scheduled to be a
twenty-round bout., McFadden was
clever and was up two seconds after
being counted out. • ,
•Kid MCFntlden Counted Out.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 4— Stmr Kai
ser Wllhelm II. from Bremen, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 4 — Stmr Majes
tic, from New "J*rii.
Sailed May 4—Stmr Cedric, for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived At>ril 30— Stmr In
drapura. from Portland. Ore.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 4 — Stmr Peru
gia, from Naples.
Sailed May 4— Stmr Oceanic, fop Liverpool-
HONGKONG — Arrived May 3 — Stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver, B C, via
Yokohama, etc.
BREMEN— Arrived May 4— Stmr Kai*?r
"VVllheira der Groase . from New York, via
Plymouth.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 4— Stmr Kaiser
TVilhelm-II. from Bremen, for New York.
HONOLULU— Sailed May 4-rShip A O
Ropes, for Yokohama.
Arrived May 4 — Bark Olympic, at Kaanapall,
from Lahatnla.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ISLAND PORTS
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 3— Sehr
Watson A West, from Aberdeen: stmr San Pe
dro from Aberdeen.
Sailed May 3 — Schr Marion, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Newbunr. for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO^ — Sailed May 4 — Stmr Coqutlle
River, for Cresc'r.t City.
ABERDEEN — Sailed May 4^ — Stmr Santa.
Monica, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed out May 4 — U S cruiser
Tacoma. for San Francisco.
SAILED.
Wednesday. May 4.
Stmr James S Biggins. Los Angoles and
Santa Barbara.
Stmr Elizabeth. Jensen, Coqullle River.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
The Wood. Wire and Metal Lathers'
Union jrave its first annual entertain
ment and ball last night at Native
Sons* Hall. An excellent programme
¦was enjoyed by a large audience.
Entertainment of Union.
Attorney George D. Collins says,
"There'll be something doing in Judge
Cook's'court at noon, and it doesn't re
quire' a weather prophet to sniff .the
storm, either."
It would be a novel spectacle to see
a Police Commissioner doing penance
in jail for thirty days, but it is pre
dicted that such a denouement Is not
unlikely, if . he should be found guilty
of contempt' of Judge Cooh's injunc
tion.
By consent the contempt proceedings
against Policemen Davids and - Barry
for violating the injunction twice by
arresting Beulah Williams after she
had left the i-estaurant some days ago
and by visiting the premises after the
appointment of Hutton as special
chief last Tuesday morning at 2 o'clock
by climbing to the ,roof of 1125 Dupont
street, descending by, means of a lad
der and scaling walls and fences were
continued till this morning. The ar
gument on the writs of habeas corpus
for the release of Fannie Guoet and
Rosie Smith, arrested by Orr and Keo
hane early Monday morning at Dupont
and Washington streets, was continued
till May 9 by consent.
Collins said the argument would only
take a few minutes. The only question
was whether the police entered the
premises and he thought that would
not be denied.
"They are entitled to a reasonable j
continuance," remarked the Judge,
"and the case may go over until the
noon hour to-morrow."
Just then Hutton marched In with
the pomp belonging to his new title.
Eyeing Hutton, the Judge said: "If
I find that this injunction has been
violated I shall deal severely with
those who have violated it and
with any, if any there be, who
have advised policemen to disregard
the orders of a Superior Court. I want
to say right here, also, that if I find
that the Injunction has been violated 1
shall make no mere pro forma order,
but the guilty will have occasion to re
member the lesson. The orders of this
court must be obeyed." .<
COLLINS SEES TROUBLE.
Attorney Collins replied that he Lad
no objection to a continuance if a
promise were given not to violate the
injunction by entering the premises,
otherwise he would insist upon Im
mediate hearing.
"I would willihglv give the promise,"
replied Harris, "but I cannot tie the
hands of the police."
When the contempt proceedings were
called shortly after the noon hour As
sistant District Attorney Harris. asked
for a continuance till this morning as
he had been unable to prepare himself
for the argument.
Attorney George D. Collins is after
the injunction violators and he notified
Judge Cook yesterday morning of the
actions of the two officers. The Judge
made an order citing them to appear
before him at the noon hour to show
cause why they should not be punished
for contempt of court.
cook eyes hxtttox.
There's something new in the courts
and Police . Commissioner H. ; TV.
Hutton is in hot water. Judge
Cook is indignant that his injunction
restraining policemen from interfering
with the business of Jean Pon should
have been ignored and Hutton is un
der suspicion. To-day it will be de
cided'whether Hutton as special chief
of police for the disorderly house back
of 1129 Dupont street was In contempt
of court.
Presumably acting under the Dupont
street chief's orders Policemen Orr and
Keohane are said to have climbed to
the roof of 605 Broadway, which over
looks the houses back of Pon's res
taurant. They had provided them
selves with a rope which they tied
to the chimney and slid down it to the
premises after they had " taken obser
vations from their elevated position.
They arrested four of the women In
mates—Fannie Gouet, Felicie Libert,
Rachel Martin and Lrazie Dasch— and
when informed that they were violat
ing the injunction it is alleged that
they replied "To with the'injunc
tion."
The work of impaneling a jury for
Soeder*a trial was continued before
Judge Cook yesterday. Slow progress
was made, only three more being se
cured. They are: Emeric Fournier,
682 San Jose avenue: Oscar Waibel,
517 Capp street, and John C Adels
dorffer, -1605 Gough street. This makes
ten with the seven passed on Monday.
Several of the talesmen did not an
swer to their names, and the Judge
ordered attachments issued against
them to appear this morning.
You have lied to us and promised htm that
he would make In America plenty of monry.
and so you have "dragged" my dear husband
to America to lay him there on the slaughter
table. If you bad told us that you had served
three years In the State prison my dear hus
band would certainly have not gone with you
to America, because you know that we have
not been raised to steal and rob. Our poor
mother has raised us good and to be honest,
and now she has to live and see a burglar and
murderer running at large In the world. Sine*
the 28th of January we have been sick. TV»
cannot forgive the misery and suffering that
you have caused us.
We think tf you have been the murderer of
my husband, then may God and the judges
give you the punishment for It. or have you
no faith any more? Don't you believe any
more In God? If you 'have done It. confess
and reveal what you havw done and pray to
our beloved God fcr forgiveness. And now I
am here alone with my poor three little children
and have no property and no one any more to
give us a piece of bread. We pray that you
redeem yourself to God.
WIDOW JOSEPH BLAISE.
T>. S. : You wrote me that my poor husband
had been killed, and row I have learned from
the papers that you yourself are the possible
murderer of my husband. You came to G<"t
many and you have deceived us all. and you
told my husband If you'd take «Lxty (60) dolUra
along: to America they would have In eight
days pood work, and now I see that you could
not even find work for my husband. Did you
come to Germany to burden our poor old
mother, myself and my poor three children with
misery and suffering? I and my dear husband
have lived «o happy and contented together
and he had no need to leave, for America.
The police have a pitiful letter s?nt
by the widow of Joseph Blaise to her
brother, Leon Soedcr, who is accused
of murdering Blai3e on January 10
at Taylor and Vallejo street?. The
letter was sent to M. Meinberg, 4S0O
Mission street, with the request that
he deliver it to Soeder, but instead
he handed it over to the police. It
arrived here on March 11. It is
written in German, but has been
translated as follows:
HUB. the 24th of February. IJXH,
Work of Impaneling a Jury
to Try Mnfder Case Goes
on in Judge Cook's Court
Two Patrolmen Invade Pro
tected Premises and Ar
rest Four of the inmates
Isador Burg, who left his wife Han
nah and their two minor children in
England when he came. to. this country,
is awaiting trial for failing to provide
for his family. M rs. Burg followed him
here and found that she had been suc
ceeded in his care by a woman named
Anna, and then a Mrs. Goldberg, friend
of Hannah, had him arrested for neg
lecting his legitimate burden.
When arraigned before Judge Fritz
yesterday he demanded a jury trial,
and the' court responded by reminding
him : that since his arrest he has failed
to ' provide for his little ¦ ones and plac
ing him". under a. $500 bond.
An attempt to fasten a bigamy
Joe Williams, a natty octoroon,
convinced Judge Mogan that it was
Trixie Moore, also chocolateTcplored,
and she alone that disturbed' the noc
turnal peace of the Barbary Coast by
hurling empty beer bottles through the
window of a dwelling at Broadway and
Pinckney place.
"Jes happened teh be dah, dat wuz
all," ¦ Mr. Williams explained. - "Doan
know nuffln' 'bout dis yah gal 'ceptin*
dat she kemmed heah frum Reno an*
is wukkin' in a dance hall. Ise a Poht
land boy, Ise is, an' doan hev'. nuffln*
wotsomdevah teh do wif de lady."
He was dismissed and Miss Moore will
be tried on May 10.
While "scrapping" with Louis Lu
chetti In the Spreckels Market last
Tuesday afternoon A. K. Hildebrand
fell and broke his collar bone and
Judge Mogan thought the fracture was
sufficient punishment for disturbing
the peace. Mr. Luchetti was also dis
missed with a reprimand.
"I'm glad you have this case, Judge,"
said Frances Lopez, vagrant, to his
Honor Fritz, "for I'm sick and tired of
being sent up by Mogan. Why, I
wasn't out of jail one day after do
ing six months when he gave me six
months more. I've heard of you and
I'm pleased to meet you."
"Pleasure's mutual. When did your
last sentence expire?"
"Two weeks ago."
"Well, that isn't so bad; and to show
that this court appreciates endeavor to
reform I'll give you only thirty days."
"Thank you many times."
"Oh, once Is enough."
Judge Cabaniss held Paul, Loudick
for assault with a deadly weapon in
$£000 and William McLaughlin for rob
bery, in $3000, to the Superior Court.
Julius Cotin shrugged surprise when
Judge Mogan fined him $10 for smash
ing furniture in his own French res
taurant on Dupont street, near Broad
way.
"But, sare," Julius expostulated, "eet
vas my own propertay."
"Conceded," said the court, "but the
law says you cannot make a rough
house even in your own house."
"Ze law be "
A sharp shake of his shoulder by
Bailiff Hlckey saved Monsieur Cotin
from contempt of court, -fi'. ¦:'-,
David Ferguson said it -was not per
sonal vanity Jbut bad whisky that in
spired him to purloin a small mirror
from a saloon at Twenty-fourth and
Hampshire streets.
"I believe your statement, David,"
said Judge Mogan, "for it Is substan
tiated by physical evidence. Indeed,
there is nothing in your appearance to
indicate that in sobriety you would do
anything else with a mirror than
shun it. Go. home and keep sober."
"Guilty — sentence to-morrow! Not
a word more from you! Away with
him, bailiff!"
Pectorally deflated and with bowed
back Mr. Shannon returned to the
cage.
"I was seeking an engagement — in
fact, I obtained it — In a Pacific-street
dance hall."
"To do what— play a slide trom
bone?"
"Yes. sir."
"That, was an unsoldlerly way. to
treat a comrade." said the Judge,
"and offsets at least one of the con
siderations of favor you have claimed.
What business had you on the Bar
bary Coast, anyway?"
- "Previous good character Is al
ways worth something to a defendant
in this court," said his Honor, "and
an ex-soldier, never fails to arouse our
jiatriotic sympathy. The fact that
you deserted your country's service
cannot be ignored, however, nor can
we entirely overlook your exceptional
value in that service, which made
yourdesertlon all the more reprehen
sible. In, front of the enemy a man
who manipulates a slide trombone is
equal, I am sure, to a score of men
ordinarily armed. Regiments that
would unfalteringly face a battery of
Catlings could be stampeded by a
slide trombone properly directed.
However, let us hear the charge
against you before considering your
plea for leniency."
The charge was that 'on the night
of Tuesday last. Mr. Shannon picked
up on the Barbary Coast a former
comrade named Wilkinson, who was
deeply inebriated, and th'at after es
corting Mr. Wilkinson to that gen
tleman's room in a Broadway lodging
house Mr. Shannon departed with all
the clothing he could find in the
apartment, leaving Mr. Wilkinson with
nothing to wear except a hat with a
hole In its crown, a faded silken neck
tie and a celluloid collar. Arrest
quickly followed.
Standing rigidly at "attention,"
chest protruding and shoulder
blades colliding as he breathed, Frank
L. Shannon told the story of his life
to Judge Mogan.
"I was an army musician," he be
gan, "playing the slide trombone In
an infantry band, when the tyranny
of a superior in rank drove me to
revolt, then to desertion to escape
punishment. But I was captured and
the punishment came — fifteen months'
hard labor on Alcatraz. As a former
defender of my country am I not en
titled to some leniency at your
hands?"
"This court's functions do not extend
to the investigation of hearsay," dryly
remarked Judge Fritz, "and as the law
excludes complaint based solely upon
hearsay I am compelled to dismiss Mr
Doe."
Patrolman McNamara had only
heard that a certain member of the nu
merous Doe family was a vagrant and
saloon loafer, and it was upon that in
formation that the arrest v. as made..
"It wasn't drink that ailed m»," she
pleaded, "but the warm v/eather. I
guess I was sunstruck."
V'The same sort of solar prostration
has more than once affected you in
midwinter," said his Honor, "and Mag
gie Flaws, whose surname is a true in
dex to her character, will be sent to
jail for as long a term as the law al
lows me to send her."
Six months in the County Jail will be
ordered for Maggie Flaws when ?*he
appears for sentence to-day before
Judge Mogan. She is an old offender
in the line 'of mendicancy and drunk
enness, and was last arrested for heap
ing oral abuse upon women who Ig
nored her appeal for alms as she stag
gered in inebriety at Fourth and Fol
som streets.
The case was continued till to-mor
row, by which time, the ' court will
probably have ascertained which of
Mr. Cole's pleas is entitled ,to most
credence.
Alameda's reputation for law and
order received a severe jolt from one
of its residents, I. T. Cole, who assev
erated that he considered the carrying
of a concealed weapon essential to the
preservation of his life and property
from highwaymen in the village across
the bay.
But a different excuse was made by
Mr. Cole to the policeman who arrested
him for packing a revolver on com
plaint of a member of the Sheet Metal
Workers' Union. Mr. Cole, it seems,
was once enrolled In that organization,
and since he severed his connectlcn
with it he has made threats to kill any
of his former associates who, should In
terfere with him. Hence tha complaint
and the arrest of Mr. Cole as he was
about to board the ferry-boat for his
home In Alameda. He told the orBcer
that he carried the pistol beeausa he
had heard of a conspiracy to cast him
overboard.' It was to Judge Mogan he
made the statement anent his f»ar of
being waylaid and robbed in the town
where his home Is.
* * *
Judge Fritz dismissed the charge of
battery which had been hanging over
Dr. Bruce Klmmis for a month. The
complaining witness was the defend
ant's crippled wife, who appeared on
crutches at the first hearing of the
case and then disappeared with her
young child and has baffled police pur
suit ever since.
Suddenly missing his watch, and be
lieving he had been robbed of it, James
D. Courtney, proprietor of a Third
street saloon, blew a whistle so loudly
as to awaken all the sleepers within a
three-block radius of Larkin and Mc-
Allister streets at 1:30 o'clock Tuesday
morning. Special Policeman Cottle
was the first peace guardian to re
spond and after he had silenced the
tympanum cracking solo and heard Mr.
Courtney's story he took that gentle
man In tow and went cruising for a
clew. He found one in the firjl liquor
store he visited, for there Mr. Court
ney had pledged his timepiece for a
dollar and then drank the incident into
oblivion.
Judge Mogan dismissed the charge
of drunkenness against Mr. Courtney
and gratuitously advised him to con
fine his future nocturnal orgies to his
own precinct. \
Edward Davis thought that James
Kelljr was only. joking when he com
manded Davis to hold "up his hands,
and Mr. Davis did not accept the sit
uation seriously until he found that
Mr. Kelly had actually robbed him of
some money. A charge of robbery
against Kelly failed of proof, however,
but the prosecuting attorney of Judge
Fritz's court immediately filed an ac
cusation of grand larceny and believes
he can make it adhere.
A wagonload of juvenility had lots
of fun with a circus procession on Mar-,
ket street last Tuesday, but Thomas
McDpnough, the man who drove the
wagon, was arrested for disturbing the
peace and will be heard on May 10 by
Judge Mogan.
The complaining witness, a circus at
tache of unquestioned veracity, has al
ready testified that the youngsters in
the McDonough wagon, instead of
treating the zoological features of the
parade with thecourtesy due to strang
ers in a strange land, pelted a highly
dignified dromedary with stones and
other missiles, scoffed at the sacred
cow from Abyssinia, jeered at the only
gaspergoo in captivity, twitted the ele
phant on the dlminutiveness of his rear
appendage and made greater monkeys
of themselves <han the caged simians
whom they tormented. \ . i'r
Mr. McDonough sidesteps responsibil
ity for the actions of his cargo of mis
chievous adolescence. He says that be
tween preventing his frightened horses
from bolting and reviewing the pageant
his attention was fully occupied.
charge against Mr. Burg fell to pieces
when Anna blushingly confessed that
his relationship with her was estab
lished without benefit of clergy. s.
JUDGE COOK INDIGNANT
Will Have to Explain Why
He Advised Policemen to
Violate an In j unction
NO MEANS OF SUPPORT
Upbraids Him in a Letter
for Duplicity in Taking
Husband Away From Her
Narrates How He Deserted From the Army
and the Court Chides Him for Conduct
Unbecoming a Musician and a Patriot
HUTTON CITED
FOR CONTEMPT
BLAISE'S WIDOW
SCORES SOEDER
SLIDE TROMBONE PLAYER TELLS
HIS LIFE TALE TO JUDGE MOGAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; MAY 5, 1904.
Canolo settled down yesterday at
CroH's Gardens, Alameda, to train ¦ for
bis bout with Nelson. •
Manager Murphy, who has Battling
Xelson in charge, is also looking after
the interests of Eddie Santryjthe Chi
cago boxer. The latter offers to ., meet
any one on the coast at 126 to 130
pounds. .
Battling Nelson has Billy, Otts and
Jack Cordell as boxing partners at the
beach.
Eddie Santry Wants a Match.
Isaac Liebes (owner) with Columbia Marble
Company (contractors), architect M. J. Lyon —
Marble tiling, wainscoting:, etc., for a nlne
story fireproof building on SE corner of Turk
and Jones streets. B 57:8 by S 82:6; $1514.
Same (owner) with Jesse E. Steere (con
tractor), architect same— Plastering, all plain
and ornamental work and cement plastering for
all cement light wells, yenthouse, window sills,
etc., for a nine-story fireproof building on SE
corner of Turk and Jones street*. E 87:6 by
S 85:6: $10,750. f.
Same ow«;r with Vnlcan Iron Works (con
tractor) architect same — Castlron stair strings,
risers newels balustrades, connections, brack
ets, treads, etc.. and two castlron pilasters for
same on same; $3100. .
Same owner with Otis Elevator Company
(contractors), architect same — Elevator ma
chine care, guide ropes, cables, sheaves, con
troller, etc., for freight elevator for same on
John M. Vance (owner) with J. St. Denis &
Co (contractors), architect N. Blatedell—Paint
ing graining, etc.. for an .eight-story brick
building on E line of Taylor street, 72:6 N of
OFarrell. N C5 by E 92:6; $2980.
Fritz Angellus (owner) with Felix Marcuse
(contractor). architect— Brick, concrete,
cement carpenter, mill work, painting, -plas
tering 'plumbing. • glazing, tinning for a one
story cottage on W line of Thirty-second ave
nue 150 S of Clement street, S 25 by W«120;
$2535. _
Angrelo Baldocchi downer) with A. Klahn
(contractor)i architect — All work except
•hades and eas fixture* for a one-story frame
building: (two stores) on NE. corner of Church
and Day streets, N 22 by E 80; 54000.
Builders' Contracts.
In the preparations for the big race
Highball has been doing excellent
work. His mile. trial in 1:41 yesterday
with': Bullman" on-his back won him
many friends and the colt is likely to
go to the post the favorite. He carried
115 pounds in his trial and has only
103 to shouder: to-morrow. Trials of
other .prominent candidates for the
race were: Eugenia" Burch, 1:42; Irish
Lad, 1:41%; Pulsus, 1:45; Lux Casta;
1:42'^: Mattie Worth, 1:42; Beldame
and Stalwart, 1:44.
14
—
roomk koh »J2!?25!£5£ p i*2 i - : :
ALL "sunny; hrisVin city: = oi~4 "rooms £?*%%¦,
ed or unfurnHhed. ST. CHARLES APAWW
MENTS. 15MI }-aera::iento St.. near uainui.
FELL, 222—3 runny housekeeping rooms.
j-|-i TON 233 — - ocniwtine rooms; complete
. . for t;ykrg.: s»y nn& ¦._sx*tej_noj**W^_
GUFRRERO 104— Three connected furnished
rooms; rrpular kitchen^adults: r ff t erent : es :__
KNICKERB~O0K~ER Auartir.rnts. r,40 l' 1 "*-
Bunny. lorsteW 3-^c.m *ultes: •"» I »» M ?'
rd. electric ligl'ted; fre«- b*ths; rate t^O up
MeALLISTEn. 5S8— Sunny *"'***: f*"_ raaee:
t»ot bath: Uundry: pboo»; '. >1 *-»!*-*<•
UTAR RE~1 XT "iSfi- Larg- *untiy houHekeePfn*
roon* ; *cll furnished; gas range; run,
STOCKTON 120C. Model House— Housekeeping
and single rooms. <5 to »12; ea»- .
Twenty-eighth. 315-2 sunny, furnished house-
keeping; water; separate entrance: $6 month.
ADVFRT1SEMKNTS. subscription* received at
Call branch of nee. cor.Duncaa and Church st».
A BRANCH office of Tho Call for the reception
' nf advertisements and subscriptions haJ b«n
opened at lOUS Market et.. opposite Filth.
Or*:, until 11 V m.
APABTMEgT gOCTSES.
A— CORDOVA "APARTMENTS
Will r* fini>htd March 15. .„,-,*. c-r
1C*4 BUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully llsM "« P'JP^ft^JS'Sa
b«th <ach; all unfurnished; J2< Wt to $40.
Make reservations now.
ST.CEC1LE. IIS Fell, above Van N>f« ave —The
a me of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nUhed 3-room apartments, with private baths,
r/esSTh.st. electric light.elevator gas ranges:
f.i0 $35. $37. $t0. $45. $47 50. #50. *5S.
j^»j v>_ » ROOMS sJid bath. furn.. $33: 4 rooms
mni bath. 130. turn. $37 50; sun in every
span.; r.e« house, beautifully finished; gas
rs-nges in unfurn. apart*. The Malken. 41
Centra I ave.. near Haight st.
ct lorif J57r> Jarkson st. — Modern 3-4-5
" room*: «is* *.;ng!e; furnished or unfurnished;
trarine vieir; inferences. Phone East 13..Q.
~IIOOM!» TO I.ET— Kurn. and Unfarn.
!^BR7?xl^cir^Im^ri48~Sixth s t.— Rooms
¦•VtoJl per nijrht. $1 25 to S5 per week and
;ight houfetke»-r.ir.g ruoms: open all nlgnt.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No 1
Tiftli 6«. >-Rooms. 2.V. 50c. $1. $1 50 night.
$1 50 to $10 »e*?k: house open all night. .
UtrOKflTr.ilCC Market (old No. Iot54>— Fur-
i:!sh*d rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
<- \l iFORNlT I3CI nillillj 'ror.t bay-windew
Vcorn: clcwt.'runnins water; n-as.; gentleman.
CALIFORNIA, 1M0— 3 or 4 nice outside rooms,
L'tifurnished. cheap.
CLIFFORD -J04 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
lurnifhed sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CI.MMINGS ; tTh*>, «11S Post. r.r. Taylor— Just
o"ened" desirably located; sunny single room*
• nd exiUtr. with private baths, hot and cc<d
vatrr "tcara heaU electric lights, phone every
room:' «lcrator. Phone K*n 1317 if desired.
E[iT»Y KO. crix^'te Tivoli Theater: 'The
liutist<>n"; f;:*.t-class rooms; special rates.
I'OP f'.riEk- gentleman In private heme (no
. o-her rc<jmerF>. u. large, sunny, furnished
reorn »!th bath adjoining: 4 blocks from
?srk entraaw and u Works from panhandle.
AddTcsf box 2«Z*. Call office.
GEARY. 40"?— 3 sunny, clean, nicely furnished
: sow 5 . •..'.-..
GOLDEN GATE ave., M9— Newly furnished
:.x.m&; s-jitabl« for I or 2: private home;
t .hone.
oltLPEN C.ATE ave.. MQI " Hiinny front bed-
room: privilege cf housekeeping^
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 35s
to $! 25 night; $1 M to $3 k. : read ing- room.
lK»TEL~DrFFEF.IN. 719 E:iis— Elegantly fur-
wished suites and sir^gle rooms.
OAK, 41!* — Eiegsrctly furnished parlors; piano;
other rooms; all sunny.
OTARRFLL 126— Large sunny well furnished
frort room, suitable for 2: also single room.
TOST. £*S. near Kyde — Large furnished front
.room; bkthi gas; for.l or 2 gents.
. 1:ovaL House. 12C Ellis — Incandescent lights.
» reading-room, smokiny-room and ladies' par-
;nr: rooms r#r night. ".5c to $1 50; week. S2
to $?• tnor.th. $S io $30; elevatcr on ground
• r.-.or;'roc-ms with bet and cold water: baths.
1 UK S3". KATHRTN. NE. cor. Leavenworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms in the city; r.ew
!-ote!; just furnifcbed fresh and clean: hair
rr.attrets'S in everv room; also hot and cold
water, bath?, et". ; steara heat throughout:
e>vatcr service and every modern conveni-
ence; roor.is flrom $3 per week up.
THE Majfl swill. 3i* Third — Nice quiet family
• house; elfgani rooms; 25c. 6Oc, 75c. $1 night.
ClvfTED STATE?. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms. SSe to $1 r.'.ght. $1 73 to $6 week: elec-
• trie lights 'no g!»s), running water in tvmcy
room; elevator. read. -room: free bus; baggage.
UNFURNISHED rooms, suitable for drejs-
tii«king ladies' tailor or light manufacturing.
Apply A. ROY HARRISON. 140 Geary st.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Elegant front parlors
and adjoining s»lt« fcr office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st., near Market-
Most convenient ant! respectable: 700 rooms;
3tc tn $1 50 right; $2 to $S week; elevator;
»!ec- tight*; read lug -room; free bus: bairgas?.
nrOLV Hoiifce. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from I5c
t« %i per right end from 90c to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
("all branch offk-e. co*\ Duncan 4 Church sU.
A RRANCH cff.re of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and KUbsrrtptions has been
<P<?ned at 1C0S Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Oren until 11 r>. m.
BOU3IS AM> nOAHO.
HOTElT^BALTrMORE! ~~
1C:5 VAN NESS AVE.. NE.VR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
# PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 7O«.
BOWABO. MIA— First-(-l 8 fj5 br^rd. with room.
sirjRle or d~ublr. $5 end $6 a week; Amer-
'••an famiU.
VAN NH6S ave.. S44— Board, room, table
tx->ard. tunny rooms; rates reasonable. Ellis
• r.d Gear>' s's. cars; phone Hyde 4346.
HOTEL, EIJ?MERE. 41« Sutter— Sunny suite*
single rms.. with or without board: moderate'.
liAKRISON, .Vk). cnr. First— Flrst-claas table
board; cxceilsnt cocking; $4 to $5 week.
I'OWEIJy. 5(i2 — Large sunny corner room; also
for 2 gT.ts; $22 50; also single. -
T3JK NIARA, €15 Taylor st.— Sunny suites and
Mngle rooms. $25 up. Phone Sutter 1496.
_ . PROl'OSAJ^g.
PROPOSALS will b* received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Nav^y Department,
Wahhington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon.
May 2*. 1J*»4. and publicly opened immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the navy yard*
Marc iFlmid. Cal.. and Puget Bound. Waah.*
• s Fp*-cifi«d. a quantity of arc lamps, rarl
bonn, tape, incandescent lamps, electric fans
snd exhausters, conduit and fittings, trans-
fprmer. rubber insulated copper wire knife
switches, bolts «nd nuts, lag screws," wash-
er*, rivets and burrw. ssr.d. fire olay broken
Btooe. Portland cement, cotton slieetlng, tick-
ing, flux tmme. burlaps, twist drills files.
f=t«*l <Jiso«. errews, copper tacks, chest' locks
|en»«ry wheels, miscellaneous hardware and
b«nd tools. Makchoidcr. etc., ash Port Or-
ford cedar. . hickory. Orfgon pin-' redwood
fpruc*. uak pipe utaves. oak. poplar, phos-
phor-bronz*. Norway iron, pig Iron, eheet
zinc. Khellar. chemicals, lye. gold lacquer.
• •rats pipe, ircn rrfpe. brass and Iron pipe flt-
tinc_F. vjlvw, blueprint paper, drawing pa-
peni tpil'.t paper, miscellaneous stationery.
torn brooms, window glass, magnesia pipe
covertaj, rubber packing, seaming palms
««n<!l*!s. beeswax, and fir piling. Rlank pro-
jK*als will r* furnished upon appJication to
;be tisvj- pay office*. San Francisco Cal
and fco«Ule. Wa^h. H. T. C HARRIS Pav'
mrsttr General U. S. N. 4-18-O4
SEALED projwisaH will be received at the
- effiof of thf Lighthouse Engineer, 91 Flood
buiMing. Ksn Francisco. Cal.. until 1"
•••clo-k t\\.. June 2. 1904. and then opened"
jor building a fireproof ollhouse, 35 j, y ra
ieft, including the preparation of the ground
r «t«d the erection pf a retain inr wall at
Yerha liuena. Inland. Cal.. In accordance with
enecifScation*. oopies of which, with blank
t>ro?>o*al« and other information, may be hart
upon appneatton to THOS. H. HANDBCKT
Lieutenant Colonel, Corys or Engineers'
L. F. A.. Engineer.
EKALED proposals will be received at the of
flee of the Lighthouse Engineer. San Fra».
cisco. Cal.. until J2 o'clock m.. standard
time. June 8. 1904. and then opened, for the
<,-onE?ruction of a steel tower upon a concret*
l.»se for a light and fog «lgnal station oe
Mile Rock, entrance to Ban Francisco harbor
Cal.. In accordance with specifications copiet
of T,fclch. with blank proposals end other In.
formation, may be had anon application tc
T/.eutenar.t Colonel Thomaa H. Handbury
Pirpt? of Engineers. V. S. A.. Engineer.
rxiTUD STATES Engineer Office. Flood
Building. San Krancipco. Cal.. April «, 19CH —
* t ; eai*<J uropoals will be received here until
12. :ioon. M*y 7, 1904. for dredging in Peta-
luma Creek and Nepa Hiver. California. In.
UrmrAUn on application. W. H. HEUR.
IA( uu-MiTtt Colonel. Endneere.
BUILDING Propomls— Written proposals wll
he recel\-e.d for removing certain work fron:
the upp«-r stories of the Murphy building
c©rr<T of Market and Jones ets. Specifica-
tions can be obtainrd at REID BROS.. Claui
Epreckele buildup.
FBWIXfi MACHI.\K«i A.M> SWVI.IE9.
AT half or one-third price you can buy a new
White sewing machine that is slightly shop
worn, at our city offices. :;0u Post-st.. 184 1
Filimore and 70s Valencia et._
nENT~the best: we have 1C0 new White sew-
ing machines for «nt at * 2 per month.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO.. -00 Post ,
et.; telephone Black 1106. I
DOMESTIC— The machine for family u»e; j
I best fs cheapest: second-hand all makes at
' any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
1 Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See our new triple- feed ma-
chines: slishtly used: $10. Jir>. $20: «cond-
nand. J-T W M: all styles: Guaranteed. . New
! Home Sewing Machine Co ¦ K'- r »l Market St.
i SI'KCI AL NOTICES.
! LldiMrChT^hcTt^s English Pennyroyal Pills
'¦ are best: *afe reliable; take no other. Send 4c
I stands for i*rtioulars. "Relief for Ladles
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. I a.
SPECIALISTS. _^_
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cu-ed; new methods; I week s treat-
roept free Dr Cottlngham 204 Sutttr at.
STOItAGK _ A^IL~ XV I A iiS?^V55£l~-
A^OILBERT &. STOLL Storage 'Co. : storage,
packing «hlpping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Kew; office 1230 Market, r. 84; tel.South 750.
A-EMPORIUM Storage & Van Cc.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 7'-5-
731 Howard et.. nr. Third: phone Grant 101.
PI FRCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. if-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 871.
CONKLIN'S Stnrase — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 3.T3 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12tf.
GOLDEN West Storece: advances made. 810
Mission St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 232O Filimore st.; phone Jackscn 281.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgome-y
| Ft.: te!. Main l«4O rMpnlne it rut rates
. TYPEWRITERS AXU SUPPLIES.
AN exceptions !ly good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
! fimlth Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. Th»
Typewriting Exchange. 5C6 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each ; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery -st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. SOS Market
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
Ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building 70S Market st..- opposite Third—
For the half yea- f-T'Y.ng 31st of December,
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock • and participating certificates,
free cf taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
AHU, Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 65. of fifty cents
<r«Ce)"per shar? on the issued capital stock of
the company ha« been declared, payable at
the office of the company, rooms 202, 204 and
l*wC, Haywtrd building. San Francisco, on
May 10. 11»04. Transfer books close May 3,
1904. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Np. 9. 5 per cent, now due and pay-
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 405 Mont-
gomery St.. room 6. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
STtriURIXG AM) ST.UlMEKlXi.
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Net's & Market,
promises cure if in fair health; hours 1 to 5.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Harry C. Scott. 22, 120SB Howard street,
and Eva Prcxtor; 21. 60S Eddy street.
John P. Marauardsen. 21. city, and Emily
Llstman. 18, city.
¦ .Tohn Peterson. 27. 49 Boyd etreet, and Lottln
i Durin. 27. 1404 Pacific street.
! John A. Fair. 35, Oakland, and Elizabeth
; Criqui 29. Buffalo. N. Y.
Thomas H. Murphy. 25. 525 Fulton street,
I and Mary L. Phallp. 24. 224 Fourth street.
I^ouis Lasher. 26. 362 Page street, and Llllie
Sllwsneln. 21, 247 Fell street.
fetastlano Chiappe. 38. 317 Filbert street,
iand Rf«ie Plcmso, 23, 317 Filbert street.
Sydnry 1$. Vincent. 21. 2146 Union street,
! and Hilda F. Rosener. 18. 2928 Sacramento.
Herman A. S. Kroger. 21. 1717 Mason street,
i and Pauline Krug. 21. 414 Snotwell street.
i James Gibson. 5S. Fair Oaks, and Emellne
Neil 54. Pope Valley.
William AL McPherson. 21, city, and Louise
i K. Davis. ' 21. city.
Jose S. Nunes. 31. 423 Green rtreet, and
Isabel A. Martins. 25. 423 Green street.
Mitchell Gatter. 23. Oakland, and Mabel E.
| Gould SI. Oakland.
; Joseph E. Clark, 23. Presidio, and Virginia
E. Schweitzer, 22. Presidio.
• Stephen PerseglJo. 22. 520 Green street, and
! Mary Boasso. 21. f>OT Montgomery avenue.
Louis Mose«. 44. Pendieton. Ore., and Fannie
Fleishcr. 25, 82N McAllister 6treet.
William J. O'Brien, 26. St. Rose avenu*.
ar.d Florence E. Blair, IS. 301 Parker avenue.
E1RTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must bs handed
! In at either of the publication offices and be
; indorsed with the name and residence of per-
'- sons authorized to hkve the same published.
' Notices restricted eimply to, the announcement
! of the evenf are published once in this column
j free of charge. --r-^y\
i BORX.
DANIELSON— In this city. May 4. 1904, to
i the wife of Sven Danlelson, a Bon.
i MARTIN— In this city. May 3, 1904, to the
j wife of A. C. Martin, a daughter.
j . . .
MARRIED.
LUXEMBERG— BOYARSKY— In this city.
May 3. 1904. by the Rev. Hyman Samuelsan,
Moritz Luxcrab'rg and Clril Boyareky, both
of this city.
j RICHMOND— HROUGHTON— In San Jose,
April 27, ifKM, by the Rev. Dr Wakefleld, as-
pisted bv the Rev. J. Wilmer Gresham, Ed-
mund Nutting Richmond and Marie de Ette
Broughton.
EELENGER— KNIGHT— In this city, April 20,
1JKM. by the Rev. Father Ryan. Edmund
Cyril Kelenger and Mabel Frances Knight,
both of Kan Francisco. ».*¦'« •:
DIED.
Cameron, Archibald McCl'nnan. John
Condrey. John B. McSteen, Jett. B.
rmnner. Matilda Mercler, Joseph
Finch. I^-ona Miller. Ellen
Foley. Julia A. Muller, Henry
Fos. Isidore Murray, William
Fuch? Henry Planz, Henry
Gaffney. M. H. Reith, Annie
Greer. William J. Rudjrear. Glovanna
| Haffey. Ann Smith, Thomaa
: Hagar. Edward C. Sullivan, Minnie
j Huber. I»ul* Thompson. Genevleve
Hunter, Henry C. Thornton. Sarah F.
JelinFkl, Aaron Valentine. Susannah
. Kuehne. Gustave Varney, Elizabeth
MacDonald, James
CAMERON— In this city. May 2, 1D04, Archl-
i bald Camercn, a native of Scotland, aged,
. j f>9 years. A member of International Union
j Stftrn Engineer*. Local No. 64. and ex-
• member Marine Engineers No. 35.
j-* zjr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 806 Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth. Interment
''ypress Lawn Cemetery.
I | CONDREY— In this city. May 4, 1304. John
. i R.. dearly beloved husband of Marguerite
Condr»y, and lovine: father of Julia Condrey,
, j a native of France, aced 55 years.
j DANNER— In this city. May 4. 1904. Matilda,
beloved wife of Jacob Danner, and mother of '
, diaries F.. Edward, Paul, May and John
Danner. a native of Pennsylvania, aged 63
years. (Newark, Ohio, and Tiffin papers
; please copy.)
KOLEY— In this <-itj-. May 4, 1D04. Julia A..
! «i»arly beloved daughter of Dennl* and Nellie ¦
Fol«y. and sister of Willie, Mamie and Llllle i
; Foley, a native of San Francisco, aged -
j'ure and 4 months.
• C17 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully-invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
1 of the parents, 4C26 Army street. Interment
• Holy Cross Omettrj".
1 FINCH— In t»;li> city. May 1, 1904. Iy?ona.
belovfd daughter of Alfred and Effie Finch
of Biitt<>. M<«nt.. and eister of Mrs. G. L.
Parkrr and Mrs. E. J. Moyie of Portland,
a native of Ch lea co, aged 25 years.
ICRemains will be at the parlors of Me-
[ Fadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
; ctreet. between Seventh and Eighth, until 5 '
| p. m. this day (Thursday). Interment Port-
land, leaving on the 8 p. m. trai.n
FOS— In Alma. May 3. 1904, Isidore Fos be- I
\ loved husband of Mrs. Josephine Fos," and
brother of Reymond Fos. a native of France
, aged 54 years .and 20 day». '
( j C7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
, FUCHS— In this city. May 4. 1904 Henry
• | Fuchs. a native of Germany aged &} years
I GAFFNEY— In this city. May. 3, 1JKM M H
beloved husband of Mary J. Gaffney ' and
1 father of Josephine and Madeline GaffnVy a
native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 70
JCTThc funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, frpm his late VvZ
! deno-, 1910 Polk street, thence to St. BrtgTd's
j F. J. MonaTian, Manager. Tel. Mission 3 1
> MONAHAN, O'HARA&UO'
Eao TraacUco, .
Cliurch. where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the reposo of his soul
at !) o'clock. Interment private In Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric car from Eight- j
eeuth and Guerrero Btreets. Please omit I
flowers. : \»:C i
GREER— In this city. May 4, 1904. William J.
Grecr. beloved father of Florence L. and
Alice' Oreer, nsred t!2 years. A member of i
Vf-rba Buena IvOdge No. 14. A. O. U. W..
and Montezuma Tribe No. 77. Improved Or-
der of Red Men.
(TTRemalns at the parlors of McKadden,
MqBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
HAFFEY— In this city. -May 2. 1904. Ann.
dearly beloved mother or Mrs. W. Langrldge.
and Mrs. W. Osman, a native of Ireland,
. agfd 75 years. *
IC^Frlends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the requiem high
mass Friday, at 10 o'clock, at St. Brfglda
Church. Funeral private. Please omit flowers.
1IAGAR— In Oakland. May 4. 1004. Edward.
Calvin, beloved husband of Clara Hagar, and
father of Louise Hagar and Mrs. A. W.
Moore, e native of Massachusetts, aged 01
years and 14 days.
tcyTht' luneral services will be held
to-morrow (Friday). May 0, at 10 o'clock,
at tl.c family residence, 2S5 Fairmount
avenue. Oakland. Interment Drlvate.
HUNTER— In Cincinnati. Ohio, Henry C.
Hunter, husband of Agnes E. Hunter, and
son of 'Hannah E. and the late Henry J.
Hunter of Alnmeda, Cal.
icy Remains brought to San Francisco and
Interred in the family plot at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery*
HUBER— In this citv, May 4, 1904, Louis,
brother of Raymond and Alfred Huber and !
Mrs. W. SchepDler. and nephew of Mrs. j
Frank Aicher, a native of New York City,
aged 47 years 4 months and 4 days. A mem-
ber of Verein Eintracht and Bartenders' In-
ternational I*eague.
JCTFrlejids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2- o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr &. Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, under the aus-
pices of the Verein Eintracht. Cremation
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
JELINSK1— In this city. May 4, 1904. Aaron,
beloved husband of Ida Jellnskl, and son of
Mrs. F. Jellnskl. and brother of Charles,
Menale, Sadie. Mary and Colemarr Jellnski,
a native of New York, aged 34 years and
11 months.
E7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
KUEHNE— In this city, May 4, 1904. Gustave
R. W. dearly beloved and only son of
Minnie' and the late Gustave Kuehne, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 24
days.
MACDONALD — In Oakland. May 3, 1904,
v James, beloved husband of Elisabeth Mac-
Donald, and father of Charles M. MacDonald
of this city and Leon A. MacDonald of Tort-
land Or. a native of Illinois, aged 81 years
11 months and 21 days. (Sparta, III., papers
please copy.) ' j
CVFriends and acquaintances are resp/>ct- I
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday). May 5. 1904. at 3 o'clock,
at I^eitch & Henderson's parlors, 878
Broadway. Incineration Oakland Crematory.
McCLENNAN— In this city, -May 3, 1904, John
McClennan, a native of Scotland, ajred 44
years.
McSTlTEN— In this city. May 4. 1904. Jett. B.
McSteen, sister of Margaret McSteen and
Mrs. J. M. Frendergast. a native of Pitts-
burg. Pa- A member of the Young Ladles'
Institute No. 1.
MERCIER— In this city. May 4, 1904. Joseph,
dearly beloved husband of Kilba Mercier, and
father of Jeanne C. and Franklyn J. Mer-
cler. a native «f Canada, aged 78 years.
MILLER— In Stockton. May 3. 1904. Ellen,
beloved wife ot the late Michael Miller,
aged 75 years.
(E7Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MULLER — In Burke. Sonoma County. May 4.
19O4. Henry Muller, a native of Germany,
aged 46 years.
MURRAY— In this city. May 3, 1904. Wllllaro
Murray, beloved husband of the .late Mary
Murray, a native of Ireland, aged 76 year*.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday). May 6. at 9:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of C. Castasmetto, 643-45 ValleJo
street, between Montgomery avenue and
Stockton street. ' Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
PLANZ— At his residence In tbi» city, 3318
Twenty- second street. May 4, 1004, Henry,
beloved husban-J of Fredericka Planz. and
father of Theodore and Emma Planz, Mrs.
Adolph WInterberg and Mrs. Henry C.
Schaertzer. a native of Hessen-Darmstadt.
Germany, aged 68 year» 9 month* and 2S
days. (Chicago. III., and Appleton, WIs.,
papers please copy.)
(CTFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), May (., at 2 o'clock, from San
Francisco Turn Vereln Hall, 353 Turk street,
between Hyde and Lsavenworth. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
REITH— In this city. May 3, 1904. Annie,
youngest and dearly beloved daughter of
Ernest and Mary Reith, and sister of Mrs.
Lizzie Banna and Ernest Jr. and George
Reith. a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years 2 months and 12 days.
inrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, G09V4 Minna street, I
near Seventh, thence to St. Boniface's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com- i
menclng at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
RUIXJEAR— In Walnut Creek. Contra Costa
County. May 3, 1304. Glovanna Rudgear, be-
loved mother of Andrew J. Rudgear and Mrs.
Cehste Kunsenknabe. a native of Italy, aged
71 years 9 months and 22 days.
JCT" Funeral to-day (Thursday), May 5. at
2:30 o'clock, at St. Mary's Cemetery. Oak- ]
land. Remains at the residence of her son. ;
Andrew J. Rudgear, 30t> Eddy street, San
Francisco.
SMITH— In this city. May 3. 1904. Thomas
Smith (a marine fireman), husband of Lillle
Smith, a native of London, England, aged
30 years and S month?.
(E?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday) at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFndden. McBrrarty & Green, 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
SULLIVAN — At the residence of her mother.
In Madera, Sunday, April 17, 1904, Minnie
Sullivan, beloved wife of Jerry Sulivan, and
mother of Eddie Sullivan, and sister of
Charles, Edward and Clarence Hadier and
Mrs. May Garcia, a native of Pctaluma, Cal.,
aged 27 years and 9 days.
THOMPSON— In Monrovia, Cal.. May 4. 1904,
Genevleve A., dearly beloved wife of Walter
J. Thompson, loving daughter of Mrs. D.
\. McConnell, and loving sister of Bradford
McConnell. Mrs. Charles H. Shields and Mrs.
S. Balghoorne, a native of Portland, Mich.
THORNTON— In this city. May 8, 1904, Saran
Frances, widow of the late James Dabney
Thornton, and daughter of Harry Innea
Thornton Sr., a native of Huntsvllle, Ala.,
aged 78 yeare and 9 months. .
CXFuneral services to-day. May 5, at
2 o'clock, at her late residence, 2908 Jackson
street. Interment private.
VALENTINE — In thla city. May 4. 1904,
Susannah E.. beloved wife of the late Wil-
liam Valentine, and mother of Mrs. O. W.
Everson. Mrs. E. C. Dudley and- William L.
Valentine of Los Angeles, Cal.. a native of
Scotland, aged 69 years 4 months and 27
¦ days. .
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Western Addition
Funeral Directors. 1724 Devlsadero street,
between Sutler and Bush.
VARNEY— In East Oakland, May 4, 1904,
at 1303 Seventh avenue, Elizabeth H.' B.
Varney. a native of Danville, Vermont, aged
S5 years and 6 months.
lETFuneral services at her late -home, 1803
avenue. Friday, May 6, at 2:30 o'clock. In-
terment private. Kindly omit flowers. :SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. .
Following were the sales on th# San Fran- 1
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
i Morning 'Session.
2C0 Chollar .. 23! 200 Silver Hill .'. $3
Mining Stocks.
The situation remained about the same yes
terday. Bonds were. In very fair demand, hnt
there was not much call for stocks and quo
tations showed little Chang*. .
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company paid
A regular dividend of $2 per share and an
extra dividend of $2 on April 30.
Ths Washoe County Title Guaranty Com
pany.: a. Re-no (Nev.) corporation, has declared
a dividend of 9 per cent.
The gross earnings of the* United Railroads
Company for the month of March. 1004. snow
an, Increase of $36,007. or 7V4 P*r cent, over
tbe previous . year as follows: March. 1904.
$534,044: March. 1003. $497,947. For three
months to March 31. 1904. gross earnings In
creased $127,423. or 9 per cent, against 10.14
per cent Increase for the first three months of
1303. as follows: January 1 to March 31. 1904.
Stocks Still Quiet, but Bonds in
Good Demand.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80©
6 10 usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $4 70S 5;'
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 85©4 23
per bbl. * -
MILL8TUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour,. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; RJce Flour
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 60; .Hominy. $404 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 60#4 75: ; Cracked Wheat. $4:
Farina, $4 60;- Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
Rolled Oats. bbls. $7 25®J «0; In sacks. $<S 75fi>
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; -Split Peas. bo«es.* $7:
Green Peas. $5 50 per ISO. lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs. j
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. May 4.— With an inclination to
weakness, the wheat market opened at a slight
decline, July being down ty^c to Y*c at 84Vi
@&3%c. Fine weather everywhere and the
fact that spring seeding was proceeding rap-
Idly were the principal • contributors to the
bearish sentiment. A rumor that crop reports
or Michigan. Missouri and Ohio would show a
moderate Improvement In condition* of grow
ing wheat increased the selling pressure. Talk
of a possible general tie-up of lake navigation
also had some bearish influence. ' The selling
was quite general for a time and In conse
quence price* continued to decline, July going
down to 84V»C. But sentiment gradually un
derwent a change. With only light offerings,
the price of July wheat advanced to S.'.c. Dur
ing the last half hour there was considerable
profit taking, which carried prices back about
He. The market closed firm with July at 84%
<rS4%c. • - --
A f ter - exhibiting .Mme weakness early, the
corn market closes strong. July closed 9ic
higher at 49^©48>4c. . \
Small receipts and an active cash demand
were Influences that created strength In oats.
The- market closed strong with July at 39c- '
Buying by shorts and packers caused a firm
tone In provisions. Pork closed • 10c > higher;
lard and ribs were up 7%c each.
The leading. futures ranged as followe:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wbeat'No. 2—
May. 88% 89% S7H M*i
.July.(old) 86% R«H 85U 85%
July (new) 84% 85 84% ' S*4»S
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Flour, qr ska .. bales .... 14
Wheat, ctls .... 3.19ft|Hldes. No 3.M7
Barley ctls .... 12, «05| Pelts. No 510
Oats ctls 71llTallpw. etls ... ?4l
Corn. West, ctls .V-OlSugar. ctla 1.000
Rye. ctls 4SS]Wlne. gala 69,650
Beans sks .... 5S«!Leather. roll» .. 02
.Potatoes sks .. «'i2i Corn meal. Wvat-
Bran. «ks 2,TO«f ern. ctls ..... " 5fW
Middlings, sks.. - Sfa\ Shorts, sks .... 370
Hay tons 640! Screenings, sks.. V.o
Straw tons SSiWool. balea ;... T15
iiV'i-rV;; ¦ OREGON.
Flour.- qr sks .. T, 639 1 Potatoes, sks ..: 7,127
FOR WEDNESDAY. MAY 4.
Receipts of Produce.
Oil Stock- ' • .Bid. JLaked.
Apollo .... 44".
Associated" Trust Certificates. W 2O
Central Point Con -." , ,73.
Chicago Cruda 2f> ,....
Clareroont ........ ;... «3 S3
Four *••••••••• •••••••••¦•-. ....'
Fulton. • 1JO 20O
H«nford"'.'.".'C.'.".."""'.:*.:!'l8t 00 1»W
Home ...» I™ . 1 «2/i
Independence 23 2S
*% dris
Monarch (of Arisen*) » "-• 3X 4rt
Monte. Crlito J» «5
Occidental of W Va .".. 12 . .
Oil City Petroleum « .47
Peerlcw » W . M*>
SoverrtgTi • « • «
Sterllns; 2 4ft , 2 50
Superior 03 •••• »
Thlrty-tBV«e « •••• * 25
Twenty-«ight 5 59 iXX
W«t Shore 2 «3 ICft
Associated Bends ..-¦ • .... -TO
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp 1 50;
Cal Gas * Electric Corp.. £» 00
California Shipping Co ..-.^CO ...
Chute* Ccmpaoy •...• J £> 750
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 00 9 Oft
Fischer's Theater ¦¦'¦¦ " JJ
Northern Cal Power It CO "25
Sanitary Reduction Works 2 00
' 8ALE3.
Morning Session.
. Board—. . •
10O Horn* • * ™»:
5W> Independence IX'SS
20 Kern River 10 50
400 OH CUT Petroleum 45
? -Afternoon Session.
50 Sterling • -2 45
600 lnd*p«ndenc« 24
1500 Independence •••• 24'
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Iron closed at S2s 3d in. Glasgow and at
44e 6d in Middlesbcro. Locally iron is quiet.
No. 1 foundry, northern, $15 25@15-75; No. 2
foundry, northern. $14 75^15 25-. No. 1 foundry;
southern, and No. 1 foundry, southern, soft.
$14^14 50.
NEW YORK, May 4.— The London tin mar
ket wa B rather : Irregular, with spot closina
5a lower at -. £127/ 5s, while futures were 1O»
hleher at £120 6s. Locally prices were neid
a shade firmer, closing at $27 95#28 10.
Copper was lower In London, closing at a
decline of 1C« to £&S 6s ad for spot and I'5S
5 S for futures. Locally prices are unchanged.
Lake. $13 50: electrolytic, $13 lW'iV.i 2B;
canting. $12 87Hffll3 1214. -.
Lead declined is 3d to £11 12s in London.
but remained unchanged here at *4 tM>'U4 «J5.
Spelter was unchanged In both markets,
being quoted at £22 7s Od In London and at
$5 20<35 25 in the local market.
Nezu York Metal Market.
WHEAT — Tho markets everywhere remain
stationary, with no new features. . The Mis
souri'State report gives the condition of .the
crop at HI, 'with 6 per cent less acreage than
: harvested last year. Is reported
, showing a condition of 75, against 73 last
month.
Local quotations remained about as before.
There was considerable covering of • May shorts
on the morning session. ; . .
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 30<g,I 35: California
White Australian, $1 52W«?I 07 H; Northern
Club $1 3U@1 35; Northern Bluestem. $1 80©
1 55 'per ctl. ' • -"- - . "
FUTURES. •
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. . Low. Close.
May ?1 2V6 $1 27H $1 26U $1 27«*
December ... 1 2694 1 20 1 25% 1 25*»
2 p. m. Session. J*
Open. \High. • Low. Clos*,
May ........$1 27H %l 2714 Si 27^ $1 27«
December ... 1 25% 1 20%'. J 2G«4 1 2«ii
BARLEY — There was less activity and firm
ness yesterday, though prices showed little va
riation.
CASH BARLEY. '
Feed. $1 05<gl 08^i ; Shipping and Brew
ing, $1 12>4@1 15; Chevalier. $1 10@l 20 for
fair to choice.
. FUTURES.
\ Session 9 to 11:30a. m.
Open. High. Low. . Close.
December... 95 U5 1U% tn%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High, Low. Cloie.
May ........$1 Oti $100 $100 $100
December ... 95 .95% 95 95tf
OATS— Sarea were again very fair yester
day, though not u? to the volume of the two
preceding days. Quotations ruled steady.
White, $1 30@l 40: Black. $1 25©1 30; Red.
$1 27H01 35; Gray, SI «2^@1 87% per ctl.
¦ CORN — Imports from the West continue to
form the bulk of the receipts, and the State
is sending in very little. Prices are unchanged
and the market is steady.
"Western sacked. $1 42^f 1 45 for Yellow and
White and $1 87V4 for Mixed; California large
Yellow $1 40®l 47 1 *: email round do. $1 550
1 67H-' White. $1 45#1 47H Per ctl; Egyptian.
$1 40©l 50 for white and $1 27%©1 30 for
br RYE— $1 30®l 32H p«r ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 7S«2 per ctl. ;
Wheat and Other Grains.
Domestic Exchange continues to decline,
with the banks selling fre«ly. Silver is %e
lower.
Sterling Exchange. v sixty days.. — $4 85H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8"Vi
Sterling Exchange, cables ....... — 4 88 'A
Niw York Exchange, sight — 02$
Nev York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05^
Silver, per ounce.... — 54%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 @ 45V6
Exchange.and Bullion.
Afternoon Sessloa
' Board —
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 p«r c«nt.. 78 t3
Ala S Co 24 — Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Nev Nat Ek. — 200-
Cal G&ECor. 45 — N S R R Co. 9% —
C Jockey C1.13O 150 |N Cal P Co. 11 11 $4
Cal Powder.. 125 — Oak Bk Sav. 1124 —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 (Oak T Con.. 73 — .
Cal T I A T — 135 | IOOF Hall A. * —
Cen Bk Oak «M «5 [Orpheum Co.. 14 • — r
Chutes Co .. — 7*a! Tac C Caa...l2O
City & C Bit — 112 I Pac S Tel... — 1C2
Cyp L Imp.. 6 — IParaf Paint.. 3S — •
East Dynm.. — 230 Is* F Dnrdoek «0 —
DrntPwd pfd 80 90 ISF*SJ Coal.. — 30
Do com ... — 60 |t» J Wat Co. — 1<W
FN Bk Oak.120 — SO & MTgbt.125 •*-.
Fischer Thtr — 75c Iswlsn-A Bk.li£ —
Frnch-A Bk.lO« — iTruck Elect.. MM, 12*»
Gas Con A . . — 22 I UR InC pfd. 4.1 . — .
Hon P Co..— 14Hf.Do"com ...» —
Lon& SF Bk — 60 r
Morntns; Session.
Street— .V •. -
$7.0QO United R R of 8 F 4 per cent. . T8 00
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Aak.l Bid 'Ask.'
Bay CPC Cs. 9t> |SF ft NP 5s. — 111%
B L Wat tot. — 117V4I8 P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s..l08H110tJiS P Co 44s.l00%l0Hi
M C Wat Bs.100 — |Pun Tel CS..113 —1
RIs I Wks5«. — lOTHlSuttr-st R3*.1O5 113
SF Drdk 5s — 113H;UR of SF 4s. 78H —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
, . Unlisted Securities.
LOCAL 3IARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. '/
Wheat— May- J u 'y-
Opening 0 8% « 4H
Closing ...6 3 6 4 Vi
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 21 20 20 GO
Closing , 21 05 20 5j
Flnur — '
Opening 2* IS 27 m>
Closing 'JS 55 27 50
St. Louis. Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Ma* 4.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium' grade*, combing. and clothing, 20»4©21c:
light fine. H'^17Vjc; heavy fine. H@14V4c; tub
wafhed. 2Cff'llc. . '
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, May 4. — The offerings at the wia>1
auction sales to-tin y numbered l.'I.UOO bales.
Qjatpetltidn war spirited and all eraeies were
firm, except faulty Merinos, which were so)m>
wliat below in? March prices, . Fine Merinos
were strong. New Zealand greasy- was In
active demand from France. Americans se
cured n fair line of fine and medium grcaslcs.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. May 4. — To-day's statement
of tbe treasury balances In the general fund,
fxclurlve of tho tl50.COO.fiOO gold reserve In
the division of redemption, shows available
cash balance. $220,503,240; gold. 1110,390,219,
Northern Wheat Marker. .
OREGON.
PORTLAND. May 4.— WHEAT— Walla Wnl-"
la. 7;»ft74c; bluestem. 84c; valley, Me.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. May 4.— WHEAT— Steady. un
changed; blufstem. S4e; club, 74c.
Nor the v n Business .
SEATTLE. May 4.— Clearings, $785,301;
balances. {140.333.
TACOMA, May 4. — Clearings, $310,785;
balances, $3».5O.'*.
PORTLAND. May 4.— Clearings, $547.3tO;
balances. Slll.tiS5.
SPOKANE, May 4. — Clearings, $408,22$);
balances, $35,745. ¦ ¦ . • •
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5%c spot and 6%c June-
July; San Quentin. $5 40; Wool Bags. 32SMc;
Fleece Twine, . 788c.
COAL — Wellington. ?8 per ton; New WeJ
linpton, |S: Seattle. $S 50: Bryant. $6 SO; Bea-
Ter- Hill. $6; Stanford. $7:' Roslyn. |7; Coos
Kav. $5 80; Urrta. ?i ; Watlsend. $<; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 In balk and $14 35 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite. Egg,' (14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg.- $13; Wel«h Lump,
$11 60: Cannei. 9$ 50 per ton: Coke, ill r>O0U
per ton in bulk and *15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain dMcrlptlocs. $11 45 per 20CO lbs and $12 SO
per long tan. according to brand.
Harrison's c!rcu'.2r says:
"Since the departure of ahe steamship Ven
tura there have been the following; arrivals
of Australian Coal fr«m Newcastle, viz: W.
H. Smith, 24 1» tons; Ilfur*. 2448 tons; Sea
King, 2170 tons; Melanope. 224U tons; total.
0285 tons. These cargoes came to hand very,
opportunely, as the yards here- wer* almost en
tirely bare of stock. There are 2$ coal car
riers now engaged for this port with a carry-
Ing capacity of about T-'J.COO tons; six of those
are fully due. Prices remain steady, although
there U a slight shading off for late deliveries.
Shipments from the northern coast are being
freely made and are offered at prices which
It is difficult for colonial coals to compete
with, more especially such grades as are utll
l^'i for steam purposes. Fuel oil still holds
Its sway and is finding ready sale at ruling
rates. Our principal railroad companies are
confining themselves almost exclusively to the
uce of oil. each month diminishing theif con
sumption'of coal for fuel. The quantity of
oil being refined Is laryely being Increased.
There Is a marked falling off In the demand
for house purposes owing to the warmer weath
er. It Is anticipated that within a short time
the brisk competition now existing among our
wholesale dealers will be checked, thus assur
ing them more profitable business."
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 6c: Linseed, 49c P«r gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor OH, In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 10«rl 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. C0@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil la barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian ; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil 85c: natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 65c; natural Whale
OH ttOc; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 73c;
No* 1 Lard Oil. COc; pure Neatsfoot OH, 73c;
No 1 Neatsfoot Oil. t»c; light Herring Oil.
45c- dark Herring Oil. 43c; Salmon Oil. 38c:
boll'd Fish Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. 3Sc; boiled
Paint Oil. 35c: r»W Paint OH. 33c. .
COAL OIL— Water Whit* Coal OH. In bulk.
i4c Pearl OH. In ease*. 20Hc; Astral. 2OV4c;
Star iaVtc: Extra Star, 24V»c; Elaine. 2«Hc:
Eocene 23Vs»: I)eOdorlzed 8tove Gasoline, In
bulk 16c; in Case*. 22>4c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c-' In cases, 19Hc: S6-degre« Gasoline in
bulk. 25c; In cases/ 31e.
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon in cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red "Lead. 79
per lb; White Lead, TJJTV-c. according to
quantity. „. _ _ „
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Tteflnlng Com
pany quote* as fellows, per lb. in 100-lb bus:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, B.75cr
Powdered, O.C.Oc, Candy Granulated. 5.60c;
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.5rte; Dry Granu
lated coarse, 5.30c; Fruit Granulated. 5.30c:
Beet Granulated OfXMb bags only). S.4ftc:
Confectioners* A. 5.50c: Magnolia' A. 6.10c;
Extra C. 5c: Golden C. 4.90U: "D,"
4 SOc: barrel*. 10c more: half barrels. 25c more:
boxes. C0r> more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all
klrds Tablets— Half barrels. 0c: boxes.
6 25c: H. & E. Costal Domlnos. 8.80c p«r lb.
No orders taken for leas than seventy-flve bar
rels or Its equivalent.
NEW YORK. May 4.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,200 barrels; exports, 7800 barrels; about
Eteady, but ejuiet.
-^HEAT— Receipt*. 3000; spot, firm; No. 2
red, |1 04 elevator/?! 05(31 08 f. o. b.. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 00c f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions were fairly steady, but quiet. They closed
He up. May clceed »l%c: July, 8»^c; Sep
tember. S3 He; December. 83c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Eteady.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; centrifugal, 96 test,
3 23-32c : refined, steady.
COFFEE — Spot' Rio. quiet: mild, quiet. The
market for coffee futures closed unchanged.
Sales 33.500 bags. May, 5.«5c; July. 5.a>fc5.ti5c;
September. 6.05©6.15c; October. 0.20c; Decem
ber. G.3.V3<!.45c: March. 6.454j(I.W)c. The world's
visible supply of coffee Is 12,710,372 bags, a de
crease of 157,733 bags for the month.
DRIED* FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
quiet, with demand light and holder* asking
recent prices. Common, 4<&SV«c; prime, 5"*j©
h%c; choice, 0»,;©<>V4c; fancy. 7@7V4c.
. PRUNES — Are somewhat unsettled, owlns;
to lower offerings on the coast and somq
pressure to sell in local markets. Prices range
from 3c to liftc, according to grade.
APRICOTS— Are In moderate supply and
rule firm. Choice. 9%ei0c; extra choice, 10Vi
©10%c; fancy. H«?13c.
PEACHES— Are in fair demand at recent
prices. Choice. 7K67%c; extra choice, 7«ie»c;
fancy, 9% 10c.
Nczv York Gram and Produce.
NEW YORK. May 4— The cotton market
closed quiet. 6 to 19 points higher.
Netv York Cotton Market.
Cons for money.. $9%]H Y Central ll« l i
Do for acct 89T£ ; Nor & Western., fin'i
Anaconda 4 I Do pfd !>0' J
Atchison 74UIOnt & Western,. 22
Do pM 05^4 i Pennsylvania «">?i
Bal & Ohio 81 Vi! Rand Minos H«4
Can Pacific 120*t| Reading 22%
Ches & Ohio 31ViJ Do 1st r.fd 40
Chi Great West.. 10 Do 2d pM 31
Chi Mil A Pt P..U7tS!So Railway, 2\ :
DeBwra lfiTil Drt pfd . . T. . . . .S2 -
Den A- Rio G 20*; I So Pacific 40
Do pfd 72 Union Pacific 47
Erie 25'-: I Do pfd !»4U
Do 1st Pfd . r5«<,IU a Steel lOJ*
• Do 2d pfd ."KU4 1 Do pfd 5G*i
III Central i:«4*j!AYabash ..1SV»
I>ouis A Nash. ..110 i Do pfd 3R
M. K & Texas... 17H!Spanish 4s ....... «2
Rar silver— Dull. 25 3-KJd per ounce.
Money— H;<91H per cent.
The rate of discount in th« open market for
short bills Is BU93M jwr cent and for three
months' bills 3© 5 per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
Money— I U S Steel 9«i
Call loans 2«3Vil Do nfd 55Mi
Time loans 3Q4^rl Wooting Common. 78
Bonds — I Mining —
Atchison 4s 99?» Adventure 1?«
Do adj 4s 91 (Allouez 5
Mex Cent 4s 6<5>£jAmal Copper .... 47^
Railroads — Amer Zinc 9H
Atchison 72-*, (Atlantic 7>i
Do pfd 02«i!Blngham 21
Boston & Albany.247 | Calumet & Hecla.4B74
Boston Elev 140 (Centennial 19%
Kttchbunr pfd 13S I Copper Range ... 43%
Hex Central 7tylDaly West 22
N Y N H & H..1SH iDom Coal CS
Pere' Marquette .. 78 Hi Franklin 7H
Union Pacific S4%iGrancy 3*4
Miscellaneous — ils!e Rnyale 7
Amer Argo Che m. 14 Vi! Maps Mining 4
Do pfd 71 i Michigan :.. 4H
Amer Pneu Tube. 4Vjl*!<>hawk 42H
Amer Sugar 127}«IMont Coal & Coke 2\J
Do pfd 120 |O!d Dominion ... 12^
Amer Tel & Tel.l26mo*c«ola 57
Amer Woolen ... lOV^i Parrot 2:?! 1
Do rfd 74 IQulncy $1 ;
Dom Iron ft B.Vi 9T»! Shannon 7 ! S«
Ed Elect Ilium... 23« ITamarack. 90
Oeri Electric 150 ITrlnity SJ*
Mass Electric 10»i«U S Mining ....COW.
Do pfd 72"i»ll T S Oil O'i
Mass Oar, ....... r.!)-4.tT;tAh 3.1Vi
United Fruit 107Hi Victoria i '•(
Un Shoe Mach... 40<*,| VYtrona •-• r >
Do pf d 2!> I Wolverine 71
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranses. SI 23«|2
for fancy, 85c©$l 50 for choice and 65c@$l for
standard; ¦ Tangerines. 75c@*l 23 pfr box;
Lemons, $2 G0#2 75. for fancy, |i 50©173for
choice and (1$1 25 for standard; Grape Fruit.
$1 25^2 ; Mexican Limes. |4 5005 per . case;
Bananas." $2©3 P« bunch for ¦ Central Amer-
STRAWBERRIES — $86*10 per ch«st for
Longworths and $4<fi<\ for the larger varieties.
AfPLEf? — $1#*2 fcu per box.
' Report of • th« United States Consulate. Pa-
Jermo, Italy. March 1. 1904 : „
. There is still plenty of fruit in this market
for export, and of ' good quality, although the
extra quality - lemons are very scarce.
-The t»est lemons (so called 300). are sold
here at from 11 to 14 lire ,(#2 ttl) per 100O.
while -the common fruit may be obtained at
from 8 to 10 lire. ($1 54 to $1 93). <
¦ The work In the packing houses here to pre
¦pare the fruit for export Is very active at this
time, but- the quantity still destined to Amer
ican ports, for various reasoWs; cannot be
predicted. \ - >"-¦-
There' are no changes in freight rates to
American ports, being now la 3d (30c) per box,
aa in the paet.' • '-•_..
JAMES J0HN8T0N. U.,- 8. Consul.
Three more small boxes of early Purple
Gulgne Cherries came in yesterday, one from
Stockton, one from VacavUle and the other
from Courtland on the Sacramento River. The
box from Courtland sold for |1 50 and tho
other two brought- $2 each. Receipts of Straw-
Derrles ' continued - large, v aggregating 304
chests, 'of which 226 were of the large va
rieties from Watsonvllle. Prices were lower as
a result of the Increased receipts, but oc
casional sales -were reported In a peddling
way at an advance of from $1 to $2 per chest
over the maximum quotations. A drawer of
'Raspberries from across the bay sold for
»1 76.
The Orange market had a little better tone.
as receipts were lighter than .usual on auction
day, and there was a better demand from
some quarters. The trade was running largely
on email sizes and purchased • more- on' size
than on quality. -In the auction rooms, where
the attendance was large, desirable sizes of
choice and ordinary fancy Navels brought as
much as extra fancy stock. Seven cars were
sold, as follows: Extra fancy -Redlanda. fl 40
©1' 65; ordinary fancy. $l@l 60: choice, 80c«
91 60; standard. fi0c@$l. A mixed car ot new
crop Mediterranean : Sweets and St. Michaels
was on the market and met with a good de
mand for shipping, the Sweeta selling at %W
125 and the St. Michaels at $lgl 60. The
other fresh fruits were without quotable
change.
~ -FOREIGN LEMON MARKET.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— 8'$9<: for good lo civic- now
and 7^7 %c for lower grades: Young Americas.
9%ft»0c; Eastern, 5f.01tic; Western, lst«l£>o
per 1U-- ' '
. EGGS— Ranch. 2(wf?22%c for fair to choice:
Store, 17620c per dozen.
Quotations for Egzs vary according as deal
ers are lightly or' heavily supplied. Some are
largely overstocked, and as a general thing
there lire plenty on the market. Orders for the
north nnd a good local demand from the re
taiiers keep the market "steady, however.
Receipts were 70.3CO lbs Butter, 1597 cases
Efc'gs and 7100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. lS«i9c
for extras and 17<gl7%c for firsts; dairy, 199
17%c; store Butter, 130140; cold storage, nom
inal. ¦ •
Butter Is commencing to plla up high on the
floors of the commission houses and dealers
report the situation weak and dull, though
there is no change In quotations one way or
the other. ' Current 'receipts are very heavy,
as will be seen. ¦
Excessive supplies of Cheese continue to keep
that market' weak and dealers still report the
demand slow. - • .•
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Poultry market was llbesally supplied
with chickens, as the receipts of domestic stock
were quite heavy, and a large portion of the
car of WtKtorn Hens that came in late on
Tuesday was still em hand. Young Roosters
and Fryers formed but a very small percent
age of the receipts Of domestic stock and there
wait continued firmness in those descriptions,
but everything else In the chicken line was
wt-ak and small Broilers were quoted lower.
.Western Hens were offering at $7 per. docen
and Callfornlan moved very slowly in conse
quence and there "wer« a great many coops
stlU unsold at. the close. Game was in light
receipt and unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15#17c per lb;
Geese, per pair. |1 SOQ2; Goslings, 52 5063 50;
Ducks, $5®5 50 per dozen for old and $CQ6 50
for young; Hens, $(!®t$ 50 for large and
$4 50^5 tor small; young Roost'rs, $7 u»v
8 50; old . Roosters, fi .".»!© 5: Fryers. $t;fi7;
Broilers. $3@4 for large and f2fj3 for
small; Pigeons. $1 iTif I 50 per dozen for old
and $1 75^2 for Squabs.
OAME— Gray Geese, $3 50®4 per dozen:
White Geese. $1 25fcl 75;' Brant, *1 50®2 50;
Honkers. tlfi'>; English Snipe. (4; common
£nipe, (1 75Q2; Cottontail Rabbits, *1 75^2;
Brush Rabbits. $1 50; Hare, f 1 &0@l 73. .
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. SI CO
fcl 05 per ctl; Oregon Burbankr, $1 5CQ1 75
ner ctl; Rlv*r Ked*, ?iai 1U per ctl; small
orogon Burbanks for seetl, $1 2^1 50 p«r ctl;
Garnet Chiles. #1 75f»2 per ctl; Early Rose.
$1 40S1 CO per ctl; new Potatoes. 2#2%c per
pound.
ONIONS— Yellow, *2. 50®2 75 per ctl for Ore
gon and $."> 50©4 for Australian; Green
Unions. iW'ij-nk- per box
' VEGETAULES— AKpaVagus. 4%i&7c per lb;
Rhubarb. 35050c for bay and 60© 75c per box
for San lose; Green Peas, $1<81 50; Garden
Peas 2V-t?3c per lb; String Beans. «#
8c per" Ib; Tomatoes.. -$161 50 _ per
box or crate lor Los Angeles anu fl 25^1 75
for Mexican; Summer Squash, $1@1 50 ptr
box: Cabbage, $1 50 per Ctl: Carrots, 50c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 75c©$l 25 per
dozen; Garlic, nominal; Egg Plant, 15«20c
per lb; Dried Peppers, S^Hjc for sun-dried
and 12%<fr1.1o per Ib for evaporated; Dried
Okra. 12%@15c per lb; Green Peppers. CQlOe
per lb for Los Angeles ami 15420c (or Mexican;
Marrowfat Squash. Jobbing at l%«£2c per lb.
Old Oregon Potatoes were In liberal supply,
but receipts of river kinds wsre very light and
the latter were largely nominal in price.' The
steamer from Oregon brought down 7127 sack*,
only "a smatl portion of which were unloaded
In time to be sold. New Potatoes were very
weak at unchanged rates and some dealers
were offering old and poor lota below the quo
tations. Stocks of -Australian Onions were
light and concentrated in a few hands and
prices had another sharp advance. Other
ycltow Onions were in small supply and largely
nomlnal.
Trade In miscellaneous vegetables wag fair
ana prices had but slight quotable variance.
Asparagua was steady under moderate receipts
and a good consumptive and canning demand.
The canners paid 4«-jc for No. 2 and 5c per
pound for No. 1 and secured most of the sur
l>Jue. Rhubarb continued very weak, especially
for Alarnetla County stock. San Jose lots met
with a better inquiry, but shared in the gen
eral weakness and some dealers were making
liberal cor.ctaaion* In order to clean up. Offer
ings of Green Peppers from Los Angeles were
very small and poor and w«>re hard to dlspo ae
of at any price. The other vegetables . stood
us previously quoted.
Receipt* of vegetables included . 8S5 boxes
of Asparagus. .740 boxes ot Rhubarb. and CSl)
sacks of Peas. ¦ r
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
- MOSEY 'AXD STOCKS.
Gold Exports and General Com
mercial Conditions.
Henry CUwg eays in his New York circular:
•In sstM ot unusual gold export*, unfavor-
Kl.le crop conditions, leys satisfactory Ims.nv^s
reports and fre<juent decline* In railroad earn
ings «tr<k raartrtt values showed only a mod
• ".aie'decliRe Such a combination of adverse
i-onditions would ordinarily precipitate a sharp
reaction and afford the ba*is of an active bear
ramiiaign- but as a matter of fact, these ln
fiuence* had relatively little effect upon values,
and outside of the Steel Bhares. which yeak
. r.ed under a irrowing belief that the preferred
rtivl<fcnd wouH b*> reduced, the market dis-
I'iayod excellent resistinir powers. This was
1 titCy because liquidation has thorough. y
rilraicsted weak spots, and apparently at the
him* lime discounted any business reaction.
Ir is pretty wel! recognized that values are
::<«• eeiieriilly ui-on a sound basis, for good
•ni\rt»6 shares are often eelling below in
-i-flc value and upon a 5 p»r cent basis.
wtMle desirable »riort-time oblications are to
.'..' had ur>on a 4Vj?5 per cent basis; and
1 hoogh the investment demand ha« hetn much
jrtailed.by recent business de;Tes«lon. there
1- stil! a" steady demand for really desirable
-. uritirs. 'The-' low rates and sbundanre of
¦• n.y have largely counteracted depressing in
nTiSWS. and t.> thin fact, as well as that cur
rent price* rer rc * cnl real values, mu.n be at
tri!iut«-d the rrescnt resisting qualities of the
market.
Th* frature of th» week was the unusually
Ims>vT exp.irt(> cf srold. amounting to about $1:5.
n 1 -.i<"i0. If »e arc not mistaken, these ar»
fh:;itnents. and they may have been
Ftiroolated by f>rep«rations for payment for
• . fsitrai Oanal. Aside from this »i>ecial
•'. mar.tf however, this I* the »ea*on f»r (told
1 x-<ir!!-. and the recent decline in our mer
1 n£a<liw fhlpmenti fer««hedo»ed an efflux of
s- 14 Ttcre i¥ evry probability of this rnove
!¦.« nt »xnf :r,uin*r fir a ix-riod. and no surprise
;., ..^V# /^pressed if we *hlp oonsideribly miire
r«-'M «hl« wason than for jieveral years pa>t.
Th< *cuffi- stiroulatirig roM Ehipmrnts Just
¦ k i-r a oliminithe-l trade balance, the I'»n
?:r.a CasaJ payments ?m1 an increa>ed forelpn
.i.^nand fur old resulting from the war. Th^
first, and last of thr+e causes are likely to
¦¦.nMnuf fur gome time, and a* the United
Ptate» now holds an unusually heavy supply
* K"**! and our f>ank n-serveK are high, we
1 ufi Vv^k «i»on th<> NtSlW "f the i.reoiou*
metal with comparative Indifference. If not
?atisfact!»n as it is simply going where It is
tmst needed and where it xrlil acrrmiplUh the
irxk^t good. Th« uital iffcli'tnen;* thus f?r
•Jurlng this irtovemrnt fiave been about $1^, -
ii«;i»r<>. and" a* O'ir.siderable arrival* of Jap
iin«-».e .gold huve l-ren r«-i->rt»-d on the Pacifi:
Qatat our supttir t\ar not b««n deleted • by that
rn-jch. Th» bulk of this gold has gone to
I'arj* BUSjpefting preparation* for the Panama
[.tfVraent though the r»t«>rt» of a Ruffian loan
may have had something to do u-iUi tb<? ru
taor. Paris, hovrevrr. is the chief twir.t q(
strain, outside of Rur-Kia and Japan; ffr
I"ra*!ire rAs n'>t or.ly suffered severely from
i^;>r»-»^tion of Russian bond*, but is the most
Italy country to fumi*h Russia further outside
[fnunrial aid when needed.
"Domeftlc conditions have not. rx-en as «sst
l*factor>' as -desirtd. The weather was unfa
v.rahle f'-r agricultural operations, and the
Urkwirdni'H-' of the season Is anything but
FtjtrijUitinit to either rnercnants or farm<r».
Btiij" m {t-w days of bright fuwhine would do
rnui'h to f»tt»-r the situation 1n this respect. In
como drpartments of business a better tone is
rtr>orted nntably In 'he iron trade: in othe««
more or less depression exists, especially la 1
the textile industries. Ox*rs.tions rxu-n<ilr.f
in»o the futcr* 1 are, however, conducted with
triuoh e>are and pruden<», because of unccr
:».:r.ty rer^rfilng crops, the elections and gen
rr»l business. Railroad earninrs ere .showing
riifre frequent declines In prose, but an <n
rouraglng feature Is th* better r»£"lte In n*t
>ara'.r.gc octrasior.aJly rrported as growing out
cf recent outlays and Improvements."
Weather Report.
fI20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
6 AN FRANCISCO. May 4—5 p. m.
The following are the BtaaocsJ rainfalls to
f .«« u compared with those of the same date
i**t ' •eaaon and rainfall in last twenty-four
Last. This List
FtitlT.t 24 hours. Feason. Season.
Curcks. ... — 0.00 fi3.27 W.40
Ke<5 Bluff 0.00 31. f« 23.15
0.00 16.79 16.«2
tin rrmaclsc* O.00 20.59 1S.28
Kre«no ©<W *.H9 ¦••»*
'nfiep*n««ac« .- O.O0 2.B7 2.54
han L«l» Ofclspo..-. 0.00 16.W 18.49
l" Angles 7. 0.00 fr-6» ' 18.29
>-to Dleyo 0.00 4.28 11. C2
THE COAST RECORD.
"* = 2 S 5 »
I §-§|~I •• I
' RATIONS. I !il||§ l & I
: c c : • ¦ e
: 2 2 ; : :
<>t.k*r 30.04 ZS 4<i N Cloudy .03
< arson 23 >6 2>» <2 SW Gear .00
liureka. 30. 1C SO 52 >•* Clear .00
Fresno 2a. ?>4 50 80 SW Pt.Cldy .00
h E. F6j»11or..23.J*»; 60 54 NW Cloudy .00
FU«>taS r».7«l 30 CO SW Clear .00
Pocatello 23. 7C 42 CO SW Cloudy .00
Independence .2a. 72 12 7S SW Pt.Cldy .00
Los Anteles ..29.'J2 4>» 70 W Clear .00
Mt Ta.malpa>is.S).93 60 61 W Clear .O0
Nortli Head ..30.26 42 50 NW It.Cldy .01
Phoenix 29.78 fc6 W5 N"\V Pt.CJdy .00
Point Reyes ..23.86 4« t2 N^V Cloudy .00
1'ertUnd »0.20 40 54 N' Cloudy .01
Red Bluff ...29.H3 M 7S fiE Clear .00
Hostburg 30.13 42 T.6 NW Clear .00
FaTainento ..2S.M f2 74 Clear .00
*ait Lai« ...28.78 44 C2 PE Cloudy .02
<ar, Francisco. £i».»8 DO C2 W near .<k>
L. Obi»po..»».9« 46 CO W Pt.Cldy .00
San mero ...29.ft2 64 «2 W Clear .00
S"»-tle 30. 1« 3« f>4 5E Rain T.
2S».I*5 40 54 W Pt.Cldy T.
T»tr>osh SO. 20 42 r.0 W Clear .24
vyolia WsJIs-.SO.W M M W riea.r T.
V, ranr-mucca .^.W) 36 CO NW lt.CMy .00
Tnia 2».7C B2 90 SW Clear .00
WUATHETt CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The r»r««i«ur« r.nt remained nearly stationary
"'.ver California »nd has risen rapidly over
Washington end Northern Oregon.
. -No rain hm# fallen In California,"
' . Hlirh northerly wlnfis prevail along the coast
• .' rth of San Franclnco. At 8. ET Karallcn,
1 miles, and at Point R#yes. 72 mile*.
* Warmer weather prevails In Utah and Ari
¦ r.a.
. l-"ore*-aFt made at San Francisco for thirty
..•<tr» mClng rcidniirht. May 5:
Northern California — Fair Thursday; high
•rtnwest winds off ehor*. fresh southerly
•!nd« in the f-'acram»nto Valley; freeh north
. Inds ir. tae Kan Joaquln Valley.
Bcutheni California— Fair Thursday, light
north winds, changing to westerly.
•Nevada— Fair Thursday.
• Pan Frsmciseo and vicinity — Fair ThunwSay;
'r«rt» westerli- winds.
A. d. McAXJIE. District Forecaefer.
EASTERN MARKETS.
. Nczv York Money Market.
"NEW YORK. May 4. — Money on call, easy,
1*il% per cent; closing bid, IVi offered. 1%.
T'me loans. *-u.*y and dull; sixty and ninety
«sy», 2^02% per cent; six months, 349.*:%
per f »rt. Prinx* rnercactile paper, 3%«jlU
NEW YORK. May 4. — The counterpoise cf
weakness in 'the United States Steel itock<
agairsl strength in Union Pacific had the
effect of holding the general market in_ a
ptate of practical immobility to-<Jaj\ The
general movement was narrower and the mar
ket more neglected than at any time since
the present iieriod of dullness set in. Both
of the, United States Steel stocks touched the
lowest price on the present reaction, the com
mon getting Delow 10 and the preferred be
low 55. The second* mortgage bonds were re
actionary. The disruption of the Bessemer
Orr Association was the assigned cause of tne
celling and there was large transactions in
the preferred at different times. Th» obvious
oauso ff «he advance in Union Pacific w*j»
th«? giving out of a statement by the head of
tho system expressing hopeful views of the
business outlook, especially through the West.
This statement was regarded by hopeful
traders as an Intimation of a purpose to offer
general fupnorl to th* mark«*-«nd was of
little influence on sentiment. The attitude
' of the market, however, was strictly a waiting
I one. The laree subscriptions to the New i'ork
municipal bond isiue created a favorable nn
pret-Kion, being accepted as an index of genuine
abundance of capital resources. But the with
holding of investment from the railroad b-ind
market argues a distrust on the part of cap
ital that leaves little hope for improvement
!n the market for stocks before the bond mar
ket revives. The progress of the gold move
ment was viewed with equanimity, the day's
rncaceinents of $1,750,000 for export to Paris
bringing the week'* total up to $J,750.0iK>.
while tht? *ub-tr*a*ury paid out to-day $3,275.
«*V on account of Jarancse gold deposited at
San Francisco. The hardening of exchange,
which usually follows the receipt of Japan-JMS
Itold. colors the supposition that remittances
! ts Europe ara drawn, againet part of the.se
receipts- But interest attaches to the estimate
6t the Collector of the Port of San Francisio
that Japan and Russia have gpent some #K».
i oiKt.fltX) in this country for war materials, in
! eluding provision*, since the present war bt-
I «an. The large increase in the number and
! the liabilities of bankruptcies for April, com
pared with April of last ye«r. had * chilling
effect, and t fc e marked increase in bank faJI
uies .especially tras not liked, although the
ffcilure* ere cor.Siied to a small class of tHc»e
ini!tltutk>r;». gouthern Railway -was not helped
by it* good rhrnvin? of March net earnings
en<i Ro<k prefeiTed ro^e vigorously in
I spite of in* falling off of at- ut one-third In
th«- r.»t earnings of that syswm for the same
period. The day's changes In prices were !n
"liundi were irregular. Total sales. $£100,000.
Unit«l States old 4s (coupon) advanced ;i
1>T cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST..
Ftoi-ks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
AtchiHon 5.80U 72% 72*i 72%
Atchiwn pM «2*i
Baltimore & Ohio.. l«300 7»H 79 7»
Bait & «">hio pfd... 1OI> BOU 9l>H t»0V 4
Tanadlan Paclfle... 1.100 117<H, 117% H7\
CT.tral of N Jersey 157
riwsapefcke & Ohio 30%
Chicago & Alton... 2O0 37% 37?i S7^ t
O.I & Alton vt<i SI
Chi & Gt West... 5O0 15% 15% 15%
Chi £ S W ' USm 171«i 170H 171
Chi M & St Paul. 7,000 143% 1« 143
Chi M & SU P pfd 17(5
Chi Term & Trans SH
Chi T & T pfd... 100 18 18 17%
C C C & St Louis 70
Colorado Southern 15%
Colo Bo 1st pfd.... 200 52% 52% 52U
Colo So 2d pfd 21 %
Delaware A- Hudson -600 158 157 157 ] i
Del Lack * West 270%
Denver A Rio G 2«U
Denver & R G pfd «ja%
Eri» 4/100 24% 24% 24%,
Erie 1st pfd 500 C3% 63% 63V*
Erie 2d i-fd 200 JS\ 3S«i 38%
Hocking Valley ««
Hocking Valley pfd W)%
Illinois Central 130
Iowa Central •••• 17%
Iowa Central pfd 34
Kansas City So 18
Kansas City Po pfd 34%
Louisville & Na«h.. 40") 107% 100% 107
Manhattan L 400 142% 142* 142Vi
Met Securities 70
Metropolitan St Ry 3.500 110?4 109% 110%
Minn & St Louis 41
M St P & S F M.. 500 61% C0% «1
M S P & S S M pfd lltf
Missouri Pacific.... 700 92% 92 92
Mo K & T l«*t
Mo K & T pM ' 36%
Nat RR of Mex pfd 3»%
New York Central. 900 115% 115% 115%
Norfolk & Western 67
Norfolk «; W pfd 88
Ontario k Western 200 21«fe 21 H 21%
Pennsylvania 18.S00 llh% 117$, 117%
Pitts C C & St L 5«
Reading 4 3C0 43% 43% 43ft
Reading 1st pfd 78Vi
Reading 2d pfd.... /... 6OV4
Rock Island Co 7.600 22T4 22% 22%
Rock leland Co pM 2,200 65% «3% 65%
St L & B F 2d Pfd. 700 47% 47 47H
St Louis S W 13
St Louis S W pfd 34
Southern Pacific... 10,900 47% 47% 47%
Southern Railway.. 300 20% 20S 20%
Southern Ry pfd.. 400 84% 84 84%
Ttxas & Pacific 22%
Toledo St L & W 25%
T St L & W pfd.. .100 38% 3S% 3SV 4
Union Pacific 34,500 85V4 84% Sl%
Union Pacific pfd »1%
Wabash 100 19 18 IS*
Wabash pfd....... 600 37* 37% 37%
Wheeling & L E 15%
I Wisconsin Central: 200 17% 17% 17%
Wisconsin Cen pfd 88
Mexican Central... 3.400 6% 7% 7%
Express Companies —
Adams 220
American 180
United States 103
Wtlls-Fargo 203
Miscellaneous —
AtnalBSTO Copper.. 12.4Q0 47% <T <7W
Am Car & Found.. 300 17% 17*i 17
Am Car & V pfd 70
Am CoUon Oil 29
Am Cotton Oil pfd 8S
Anwrlcan Ice 500 6% 6% G%
American Ice pfd.. 400 21% 27% 27%
Am Linseed Oil 8%
Am Llneeed Oil pfd 2S
Atner Locomotive .... • 18Vi
Amer Loco pfd 100 81% 81% 81%
Am Fmelt * Kef 48%
Am S A Ref pfd 94%
Am»r Sugar Ref... 3,900 128% 127% 127%
Anaconda Min Co 76
Brfciyn Rap Trans. 6,100 4tj% 45% 4tt
Colo Fuel & Iron 31
ConsoMiated Gas... . S00 200% 209 20»>.i
Corn Products 12%
Corn Products pfd 70%
Distillers' Sees.... 22%
General Electric... 200 158 157% 157%
International Paper • IV
Interntl Paper pfd 66
International Pump 38%'
Intcrntl Pump pfd ¦.... 74
National Lead 16%
North American.., m -
Pacific Mall 300 26% 20% 26
People's Gas....... fiOO 97 9C% 97
Pressed Eteel Car,. 600 27 20% 27
Pressed 8 Car pfd. 109 C9% fl9% 09
Pullman Palace Car 100 210 210 209
Republic Steel c*i
Republic Steel pfd 42'
Rubber Goods 15%
Rubber Good* pfd 7»$i£
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 400 25%' -3S% ' 35»*
V 8 Leather 500 «% <jtZ
17 S Leather pfd... 100 79% 79% 70%
V 8 Realty 6,600 7%' ««
U 8 Realty pfd.... R.700 CO 68% CO.
U S Rubber 1,300 18 ii lg 17^
New York Stock Market.
p<>r cent. Sterling exchtng*. tteady. with
actual business in bankers 1 bills at $4 Si for
demand and at $4.SJSS@4.&49© for "'"y-day
bills Posted "rates. $4 fe5%S4 86 and $4 M.
Cr.mmercial bills. $4 84*i. Bar silver. 54^c.
Mexican dollars. 43%c. Government bonds,
firm; railroad bonds, Irregular.
The following quotations are for good, sound
•.Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cert shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, S^Oc; Tows and Heifers,
7@Sc: thin Cows. 435c per lb. • •
CALVES— 4g4%c per ib (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wothers. 3*;i&4c; Ewes. 314§3%C
per lb (groan weight).
LAMBS— $2 50@2 75 per head
HOGS— Live Hcgs. 110 to 200 lbs. 6»ic;
over 200 lbs, 5%4J5*«c; soft Hogs. 4X65^:
Sows. 2O per cent ctt; Eoars, 50 per cent off,
and Stags, 40 per cent eff from above quota
tions.
BEEF — IQSv for Steers and 6Q7c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 8©9c; small. S%03Hc per
pound. . .
MUTTON— Wethers. 8S3%c; Ewes. 7%eSo
•per ?b.
LAMB— 10«10%c per lb.
PORK— Dre?s*d H-->Sf, B%«r>c p-r lb.
> Ln'ESTOCK MARKET.
DItEi-SEl) MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealsrs
arc as follows:
There was no further change in pric«s y»»r
terday. Rec«>iuts of everything continue ample
and those of Mutton and Hogs are too large for
the market to absorb readily.
Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %1Jlc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium. 8%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. Sc for heavy and 8c for light: Stags,
«c: Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Saltfd
Calf, lie; dry Htdes. llic; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf, lfcc; She^pt-klns, shearlings, 25©30c each;
short Wool. 4ft'gt35c each: medium. 70@00c: long
Wool $1^1 50: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2<S2 50 for medium. $1 25@1 75 for
small and 60c \ for Colts. Hofss Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $igi 25
for small nnd 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican 81c; dry Baited Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An.
gorirs, 75c; large, and smooth, 50c;. medium,
85c; small. 20c. •
TALLOW— .No. 1 rendered. 4Vi$4%c per lb:
No. 2, 3%©4e> greasa. 2% l 9-1c.
WOOL— Spring clip — Pan Joaquln and South
em. 12 months'. IXffllc: do T months". S«HM
p°r lb; Middle Counties, for free an«J
Ilffl4c for defective; Northern. 15317c for fr<?«
and 13*}!l5c for defective; Nevada, 12&16e. ac
cording to c<r,idltion.
HOPS— t4fl27 per •*> for California. 1903,
and 17%"g2Cc for crop of 1904.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
V HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24,(KX!: to-morrow.
25,Ufi0; steady: mixed and butcher?, $t «35«f
4 86; griod to choice heavy, $4 75®4 85: rough
heavy, $4 0>t#4 75; light, $4 50®i 75; bulk of
sales $4 05®4 75.
ISHEEP — Receipts. 14,000; sheep and lamb*,
strong; . good ,to choice wethers, $4 75@5 40:
fair to choice mixed, ?3 50^14 < : 0; Western
sheep $4g5 50: native lamljs. $4 50«J«; West
ern lamb?, clipped, $5@3 »0; Western limbs),
wooled. $6 25fi7 10. .
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO. May 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 10,
000; steady to strong; good to prime steers,
$5 10<&5 70; poor to medium, $3 i>0©4 90: stock
6r s and feeders, $3«j4 4i>; cows. $1 50©4 4i>!
heifer*. ?2 25©4 75; canaers. $1 50Q2 00; bulls.
$2^74; calves, $2 00#«5; Texas fed steers, i40
4 50. - . - *.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
UNITED STATES BONDS. • ¦
. Bid. Aslcj • Bfd. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107% — 4s qr cp new.l32\al ; - is »
4s qr ,reg-. .¦.107VilC7% 1 Ss qr coup... — lCHs,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A V h. — — IO T Co «s.ll»U —
Bay CPC 5s.l01 101%! Do 3s Ill —
CaJ C O 61—105 j Do con 5s.l01«il03»i
Cal G & E g [Oceanic S 5s. 62% *0
m & ct 5s. 81 81 l t|Otn Cabie da. — 123
Cal-st C 5s.ll«7ill7V»; 1'ac G Ira 43. — MV»
C C Wat 5s- .-^. 101 IP E Ry Rs.lO4?;ia«i
Ed L A P 6s — — IP ft C H 6s.lO4^ _ -
F & C H 6».11*% — P & O R 6a.ll» — :
Geary-st 5m.. — — |Powell-st Bs. — 1H
H C&S 3%s.lOO — |Kto EGAHfis. — 07tj
Do 3« .... 07% 08%: SF & SJV5s.lV.% —
Hon R T fis.104% — IHlerra R 6s. 110 — .
L A Elec 5s. — 105 IS P of A ft ; v;
l a Ry tis.ni% — (isca> .....io.*iinN»4
LALCoOi- — I «1»U» ..'...109 — •
Do gtd 6s. — — ISP of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 103 j MflC5)Sr A.lOt^ —
LAP lem 5a. ICO — | ri9W>Sr B.102% —
Mkt-st C. 6s. — 110%! <19Crt> ...».104^1C4t s
Do lcrn r*.113% — | (1912) — 11«
MV& MT3s.mi% — JSPC 1 eg 5s.H0 —
NRR of Cfei.107 tfffft Do atmp*1..107«i —
DoAa ll«%117 IS P B R C«.1C2 —
N P C R 5s. — 107 IS V Wat es.lW^lOJ 1 *
N C Ry 5S.HW — Do 4a 2dm. 0» «»'»
N C P C 5». 09 HC Do 4s 3dm. — ICON
N S R-R Bji. — 10O IStkn GAEfis. 05 «7%
O O LAH 5s.lO«%10T IK « & E 6?. — 1QB
O W gtd 5s. — — I
WATER STOCKS. ; - .«;
Contra Costa 37 40 I Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — 61 |S V Wat Co. 38% M"i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P. 3% 4 Is F G & E.C2 «3!'i
Mutual E L. 12^ 13 l^tkn G A B. » — ,
Pac L Co... 6G*i — I L" G & E Co. — 33
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — . :54O I .
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..12r. — !l>f ft A.... 152% —
An"»o-CaJ .. «2% 8t |Mer TrMt....»X» —
Bank of Cal.427%4::0 IMerch Ex.... — — '
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 \S F Nation!. — — ..
First Natlonl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S ft L.22BO 2^56 !3aT ft L So. — 10fl>
Hum S & L, — — |Sec Sav Bk. — 43U
Mutual Sav.lOO — jt'nionTCo.. — —
S F Sav U.625 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..— 2<V> ! I'residlo '....; »% 41
Geary — SO . I
FO»v I'KK.
Giant «1 eiViiViKorlt ..... 4% *'i
SUGAR.
liana P Co. — 40c IKilauea S C.. 3 4!»
Hawaiian C. 49 : 49%!MakaWe!l C. 21 <—
Honokaa 8 C 11% VI |Onom«* S C. 34 27.
Hutch S P C 9 tMiJPnauhau S C. 13U 14
V . . MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— 140%l Oceanic. 3 5s. — , 4.H
Cal F C A. — 10<>%!Pac Aux FA. 5 «
Cal Wme A. 91% 02%fPac C Borx.l» 167
M VA MtTm.100 — I
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Honokaa S Co.. 11 W ,
220 Oceanic S 9 Co 1 4 12%
$2,0uO S F A S J V 5 per cent 11« 50
$1.CiOO S P of C 6s U9<>5. Series A>....1AI 62!i
$22,000 S P of C 6s (1806>... 104 CZVa
Afternoon Session.
50 Giant Powder Con 6100
85 Hawaiian Com! & Sugar 49 •'•
15 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 49 25
CU.Hutchlnson .a P Co 9 0<>.
20 P F Gas ft Electric 62 13
TO Pprins; Valley Water Co ..til 62&
$1,000 Spring Val 4s (3d .mtg?) 10i> 0O
$2,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s... 101 00
$1,000 Cal Gas ft El Gen M ft C T te. 81 25'
Street —
$J.0CO Stockton Gas & Electric 6s.... W CO
WEDNESDAY. May 4—2 p. m.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
$1,54.1.357; January 1 to March 31, 1903,
$1,415,034.
The situation remains unchanged all around.
Pink Bean* continue very firm and in demand
for ovtrland shipment, but the other sorts are
qU BE\NS — Bayos $2 35@2 50; Pea. $3@3 25;
Butters. $3 50«fiM 75: small White, $2 fMMjf.i 10;
large Whlte L $2 40©2 Bo: Pink. $3 35©3 50;
Red $4 50; Lima, $3 25@3 30; Red Kidneys.
$4 E0@5: Blackeye. $1 00@2 10 per ctl: Hor?e
Beans. $2(g2 50.
* SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4»J4 25; Yellow
Mustard. $3@3 25;- Flax. $1 SO® I 90; Canary,
, p i»Afi5 ! «ic for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14%Sl(ic: Rape.
l»iSJ2e: Timothy. 0«?rt%e: Hemp. 3%ijJ4c per
lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Reed. $20®21
DRIKD PEAS— Blaekeye. $3 per ctl; Nile*.
$3 25; Green Peas. $3<g3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing new to report. The market
Is very quiet."
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10c per lb far
heavy, 10^c for light medium. 12%c for light,
14c for extra light and lt%®15c for sugar
cured- Eastern sugar-cured Hara*. 15V,c; Cali
fornia Hams. 11%&12c; Mess Beef. $10 50^
11 per bbl; extra Mess. $11 5W12: Family,
$12 5CKB13; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra cleat.
$24- Mess! $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pl«
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef.- l*c
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
8%c; 10-lb tins. §Vic; 5-lb tins, 0%c; 3-lb tins,
flisc, . ! ' -
COTTOLEN*: — One half barrel. 8T»c; three
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. H%c; two tierces.
8%c; five tierces. 8Hc per lb. , ,
Prpz'isions.
Domestic Exchange still lower, with free selling.
Sterling Exchange as before. Silver slightly lower.
New York Stocks firmer on the day and Cotton Higher
Local Bonds wanted, but Stocks still quiet.
Wheat remains the same the world over.
Barley, Oats and Corn continue zvell held.
Hay weak, under continued ample receipts.
Fred stuffs firm at previous pnees.
Ura-iis and Seeds as before quoted.
Supplies of Butter, Cheese and Eggs still large.
P.rozisions in slow demand and liberal supply.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Oregon Potatoes continue in large supply.
Australian Onions in fczv lumds and higher.
Sot much cliange in Summer Vegetables:
Poultry market heavily supplud and weak.
Further receipts of Cherrks. More tone to Oranges.
V S Rubber pfd... COO CS 67 C7
U S Steel 0,800 10% 9JJ 10
U S Steel pfd 4,100 55% - 54?4 55%
Westlnghouse Elec 153
Western Union 200 8S% SStf 8S%
Total sales 214,500 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, May 4. — Bond transactions
of the Uniled Railroads of San Francisco were
13.000 at' $77, 10.000 at $77 12% 30,000 at
$77 60, 30.000 at $77 75.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4%, asked 4%: preferred, bid
,SSK. asked 36%.
NEW YORK BONDS. ' .
U S ref 2s reg..lO5 L, &. N unified 48.101
Do coupon 106 Man con gold 4b. 103
Do 2s reg 100 Mex Cent 4s .... 63
Do coupon 106 Do 1st lnc 13%:
Do new 43 reg.l32%!Minn & St L 4s.. 00
Do coupon 132%|M. K & T 4b 100%
l>o old 4s reg..lO7 Do 2ds 78%
Do coupon 107*i|NR of Mex con 4s 74
¦ Atch gen 4s lOOVfclN V C gen 3%«.. !'9
Do adj 4s »1%!N J C gen 5s 130
Atlantic C L 4s. 91%|Nor Pac 4s 104
Hal & Ohio 4s... 101 {. Do 3a 72tt !
Do 3%« ft4%|Nor & AV con 4s.. 98
Central of Ga 6s.l06»ilOSL 4s & partlc. 04%
Do 1st lnc 71V.>|Pa conv 3%s t»6
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lC2%( Heading gen '4s... 98%
Chi & Alton^3%s. 77*i|SL & I M con Bs.ll3U
C B ft Q new 4s. 94*,IS L & 6 F fg 4s. 62
CM ft SP en 4s. lint |St Louis SW lsts. 94
C & NW con 7s.l27"<, I Seaboard A L 4s. 6«
C. R I & Pac 4s. 71'/ilSo Pacific 4s 9Ui
Do col 5a SI So Railway r>s...ll(U.i
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.mO?i Tex & Pac lsts..H8'i
Chi Term 4s 80 T. St L & W 4s. C9%
Con« Tobacco 4s. 67% Union Pacific 4s.. 104%
Colo & So 4s 84% Do conv 4b 1)7^
Colo F & Iron.. 70Vi V S Steel 2d 5s.. 73
Den & Rio O 4s. 08% Wabash lsts 115&;
Erie prior lien 4s. 9S%| Do deb B «1H
Do gen 4* 87 W & L Erie 4s.. 80%
K W & D C lsts.107 IWis Cent 4s 90
Hock Val 4%s...lO7 |
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20| Little Chief 05
Alice SSOntario 3 75
Breeco lOJOphlr 5 ftO
Bruns Con O-'SiPotosi ...-. 17
Com Tunnel 12! Savage U3
Con Cal & Va.. 1 50 i Sierra Nev 52
Horn Sliver 1 35iSmall Hoj>es 15
Iron Silver 1 7.7; Standard 2 CO
Leadvllle Con ... C2j
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
FRUITS— Apricots, 8%©10%c for Royals and
0@12c for Moorporks; Evaporated Apples, 4 '4©
Cc; sun-dried. S€4%c; Peaches. SViQ'ti?:
Pears. 8©ll%c; Figs, white. a%83c In boxes;
black -4%c; Plums, pitted. &&7%c p«r tb.
PRUNES — 1903 ctop, 2fi2Vic for the foar
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1908
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows:- 50-lb boxes— Loose Muscatel, 4-erown,
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4Vic; 2-crown, 4c; Malaga,
loose, 3-crown. 4c: 2-crown, 85»c: Thompson's
seedless 4c; seedless Sultanas, 3%c; Seedless
Muscatels 3V'«c; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rals
ln* IC-oi cartons, fancy. B%c; choice, 5 \\c;
12-<-2 cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice. 4%c; in
bulk, fancy. 3%C; choice, 6c; -Imperial clus
ters $3; Dehesa, $2 6O; fancy, $2; London
Layers 3-crown. $1 30; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%S14c:
No. 2. ll»ri@l*c: No - * hardshell. 13©13*ic;
No 2 llftll%e; Almond*. ll%c for Nonpa
reils ll%c ff.r 1 X I* lie for Ne Plus Ultra
aniK-OViC for Languedoc; IVonuts. 6<jr7e for
Eastern: Pecans. ll«513c: Cocoanuts.; $4 5065.
HONKY — Comb. 10©lI%c for white and S%
ea%c for amber; water white ' extracted. 5©
OVtc: light amber extracted. 4%©4«4c; dark,
' BEES WAX-27g29o per lb. •. V . V
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins t Honey.
lean and $1©2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $203
per dozen. -
Ecpt (old) .... '.. ¦ 81 '¦¦.-¦" 81% 80% 81 ¦
Sept (new).^...,. 79J6 8O>4 79ft 7»%
May™..*!?'./!..:; 45»i 46 v, 45% 46%
July 47%J 4SV i 47% **\L
September 47% \4SV4 47% 48
May 1 ?. f°'.?.7.. 40 40ft 40, 40%
July 3S# 39U 38% 38%
September ..... 30% 30% 30^| 30%
- Mess Pork, per bbl — «>^j
May .' • • ••• '11 eo
July- 11 72^ 12 05 11 72% 11 82%
September 11 05 12 22% 11 95 12 02%
May*" 1 ' PeF . .Vf. 6 b 50 6 57% 6 50 6 55
July!'.;;; 6O2'/ 4 6 77% '6 62»* 670
September ..... « »0 C 87% 6 77% 6 85
Short Kibs. Pf r c lC0 1bB- 25 . o20 . cm
July '.'!/.....« 45 « 57% « 45 « 50
September « CO 6 70 6 60 BC5
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO May 4.— Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour quiet and steady. No. 2
Epring wheat, l»0®».»3c; No. 3. 85©02c; No. 2
red $102; No. 2 corn. 47%®48«c; No. 2 yel
low 51'>(i«52c: No. 2 oats, 40%6>41*ic; No. 3
White 4<>@43c; No. 2 rye," 9»%c; good feeding
barley, 324137c: fair to choice,. malting. 45<S55c;
No 1 flaxseed, $101; No. 1 Northwestern.
$108>4; prime timothy seed. $2 00; mess perk,
per barrel $11 OOfill 65; lard, per 100 pounds,
H55@G67%; short rlbe sides (loose). $0 12%<^
0 25 1 short clear sides (boxed), $C 50@« 75;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 2S; clover, con
tract grade, $10 75. -
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 27.000 14,000
Wheat, bushels.. 52.000 3l,o00
Corn, buf-Iicls 251,100 118.000
Oats, bushel? H0.200 118.000
Ryt bush-is 2.CC0 6.S0O
Barley, bushels 123,500 10.700
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. May 4.— On the Produce Exchange
to-day the butter market was steady. Cream
eries. I4®23c; dairies, 13>ift21c. Eggs, easy,
13=4®10c. Cheese, eas-y. 8%<510%c.
light stocks and a firm market, but say that
the abundance of green feed Is checking any
further advance at tho moment. Hay continues
weak and freely offered, though receipts are
no longer, excessive.
- The Hay circular of Somers & Co. eays:
'Total arrivals for the week Just ended show
some little Increase over the week preceding.
2850 tons, aa comparing with 2700; the demand
has be*n exceedingly quiet -and about half this
qunntity would Have well supplied the market.
Under such a' condition of affairs It can be
easily . understood how depressed the market
has been. All receivers of Hay have been
struggling to dispose of" their consignments,
and it has been a steady matter of cutting
prices in order to effect sales. The last day
or two show lighter arrivals, and if this will
continue thera will certainly be -some reaction
in the situation.
"The continued showers are still aiding the
growing crop as well as deferring the date for
harvesting. Country stocks are certainly very
much depleted, and if new Hay is kept from
the market 1 until well into June there will be
absolutely nothing carried over.
"We have no features of any importance to
report concerning our local ' market. Shipping
trade has been exceedingly dull, the plentiful
supply of grass all along • the coast having
greatly diminished orders from coastwise
points; trade with the Hawaiian Islands has
alrr. b?en very quiet, all of. which has helped
depress the market here. «¦
"Choice wheat Hay is not In very plentiful
•upply. the majority of present arrivals being
good grades of wheat and wheat and oat."
BRAN— $21 ©22 per ton. . .
MIDDLINGS— $27 50@2» 50 per ton.
SHORTS— »21<f?22 p«>r ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50@24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 S0G.1l:
Jobbing *$32; Cocoanut Cake. $22®23; Corn
Meal. $30 5C®31 50; Cracked Corn. $31@.!2:
Mixed' Feed. $21@22; Horse Beans, $30'®
40 r*r ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
II \Y — Wheat. $11(815; Wheat and Oat, $12@
14- Oat, $10,513 SO; Barley, $10@12; .Stock.
$l0fflU: Alfalla. $9<5Il per ton.
STRAW— 50©t0e per bale.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1904,
Ha\ and Feedstuff s.
Large handler* of Bran continue to report
Continued on Page Fourteen.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
X*s £a
AUCTION SALE.
FIFTY-FIVE HEAD MARES AHZ> GELD-
INGS, broken and halter-broken, ages 3 to 8.
weight 1000 to 1400 pounds. Matched spaus.
Consigned by C. ft. SUGCfETT, College CV.r.
cai. ,-¦••; ¦¦; »
Sale takes place
Monday Evening, May 9, 1904,
At 8 o'clock, at
Salesyard. 1732 Market st, cor. Van New
are.. San' FrancUca
Horses at yard Sunday, May 8.
FRED H. CHASB Sc CO..
1 . • Successors to KlHio A Co..
¦ - Livestock. Auctioneers.
AT AUCTION.
On MONDAY. May 9. at It o'clock.
At JOHN SOCTH'S STOCKTARD8.
TWELFTH AND HARRISON STREET3.
By order of S. Harris of Modoc County X
will sell 85 b#ad of choice, sound young hot***
that weigh from HoO to 1400; blocky aad
1 heavy boned; are all In good condition, and
have been driven. Any »ne wanting to pur-
chase 'good sound young horses at his own
price should bw sure and attend this scir.
The abow« stock ar« on lh« way- and will mr-
i rive at the yards Saturday morning, and must
; and will be sold: S. W ATKINS. Auctioneer,
Office, 122 Grove st. ¦ •>-'-.Stock certiScatea and seal presses at akort
notice, Edw. s. Knowles. 24 Second at. •
and at 2:30 and 7:30 p. m. Sundays.
The entrance to the hall is on Steven
son street.
IXJXnON. May R.— Premier Balfour declines
to commit the Government to any official, part
In the proposed Internitlonal Cotton Confess
at Zurich. Switzerland. K
"JOHANNESBURG. May 4.— The bubonic
rlarue has reappeared j n the heart of the.
tf-wn. Two cut-*-* hav* b~u detected In the
market, which has been ordered closed.
Murfne Eye Remedy cures Sore Eyes.
Makes weak Eyes strong. Murine doesn't
smart, it soothes. •
Yosemite and the Big Trees.
The new route to Tosemite Valley es
taMished by the Santa Fe takes passen
e-TB directly through two groves of the
famous California Big Trees without
Bide trip. It is also the short, quick
way. Yosfmite in now open. Folders and
information at Santa Fe office, 641 Mar
ket etreot. •
A remarkable Journey across the con
tinent was completed bx a mere babe
of a boy yesterday when little 5-year
old Frederick Eugene Coggsill arrived
at the Oakland mole, where his anxious
father met the young traveler.
The child made the long trip from
Philadelphia in the care of conductors,
with a tag on his arm. At the end of
his travels strangers delivered the tot
into the arms of the anxious
father, who had not seen the boy
since he was a»year old. Circumstances
compelled the trip without other es
cort than that of train people, and its
successful culmination is a tribute to
modern railroading. The child was the
pet and favorite of passengers all along
the route. ¦ " 1 .
The story of the little fellow's trip is
best told In his own language:
I had a very nice trip across the continent
My uncle put me on the train at Philadelphia!
I had a tourist ticket and sleeper all the ¦way
through. When I got on the train at Chicago
th* conductor took me Into the bis Pullman
sleeper and 1 stayed there until I sot j, ere
They were all v*ry kind to me, and the con
ductors and porters all treated me as If I was
their own little boy. Of course, ¦ It was hard
for me to recoiroire my father when I ifot here
as I had- not seen him since 1 was a year old'
I am just S year* old. I can epell my name!
My fln-t name is Fred, and my second name is
Frederick Eug-ene Corg-slll. I can undress my
self, but I did not take off all my clothes when
I went to *!o.-p on th« train. 1 took off my
coat, ehirt. pants and boots, and left on my
underclothes. I thought there might be a
railroad accident. The conductors wanted to
drri«s n.e in the mornlntr. but I can dreES my
self. I can wash myself, too, and I washed
myself every morning. I am glad to be here
with my father, but ! was very sorry to say
Soo<J-by to the conductors and porters, be
caure they took such good fare of me. I went
into tht? dlnlng-car for my meals. The con
ductor had the money to pay for them. I «n
hear the whistles now. I like traveling on th»
trains. -,"
A- H. Coggsill. the father, who is
connected with the West Coast Wire
and Iron Works, was overjoyed to re
ceive his little boy, whom he had not
seen since he was a year old. He said
he could not praise too highly the man
ner in. which the different railroad
companies and the men in their em
ploy had looked after the little chap.
The child left Philadelphia on the
Lehigh VaJley Grand Trunk line and
at Chicago was carried to the Chicago,
Milwaukee and St. Paul • train and
thence came on here via the Union and
Southern Pacific railroads. He was
tagged through, and was placed in
charge of the railroad company.
Wor.g Leorg Guey, adjudged by
United States Commissioner E. H.
Heacork to be a native born citizen of
the United States and entitled as such
io re-enier the United States, was ef
fectually barred out yesterday by a
decision of United States District
Judg* de Haven- The Judge's ruling
.was in accordance with a decision of
th* United States Supreme Court
handed down a little more than a
wppk ago to the effect that a Chinese
immigrant denied a landing is not
entitled to a writ of habeas corpus
yntil he shall have taken an appeal to
the Secretary of the department. The
custom has been heretofore to grant
writs of habeas corpus only to Chi
nese claiming to be American citizens,
who havf be^n denied a landing by
th* United States Immigrant Commis
eioner. without going through the for
mality of an appeal to the Secretary.
3n other cases the appeal has been re
quired and writs of habeas corpus
have not be«*n issued.
The Supreme Court decision re-
Quires that Chinese claiming to be
.American citizens must comply with
the provisions of thp exclusion act and
appeal to the Secretary before resort
ing to th* court and that this appeal
must b* taken within five days after
havins b<>en denied a landing by the
bureau.
After Judgr* de Haven had rendered
his decision Attorney Frank V. Bell
filed a motion asking that the order
he s»»t aFtde and that Wong be allow
ed to land. Mr. Bell explains that his
client did appeal to the Secretary of
the Department of Commerce and La
bor, but that through inadvertence
the testimony on that point had not
V+pn filed in thf record. Should this
claim be substantiated and should no
3*>pal difficulties arise Wong will be
released.
There are seventeen Chinese habeas
corpus cases pending, in some of
•which the required appeal had not
been taken, and United States District
Attorney Woodworth will move on
Saturday to dismiss the writs and re
xnand the Chinese. *
Fred Coggsill, Five-Tear-Old
Boy Who Was Shipped
From Philadelphia, Is Here
Judge de Haven Acts Under
the Eecent Decision of
the U. S. Supreme Court
LITTLE TOURIST
ARRIVES SAFELY
HABEAS CORPUS
WRIT VACATED
CHURCH FOLK PLAN A TRIP
TO SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
Sergeant John Mitchell- was buried
from the general hospital- at the Pre
s'.dio yesterday with military honors.
He was a Civil War veteran and won
honors and distinction as an Indian
fighter under Wade and Custer.
For the last ten years he had been
armorer at the University of Califor
nia. Among those who attended the
services were Captain H. de H. Waite,
military instructor, of the Governor's
staff, Major Walter Magee and Col
onel George Bauer. About thirty
members of the university alumni were
also in attendance.
Captain William P.i CrearyV pay
master in the department,' has the
honor of having been the captain of
Company C, Twelfth Infantry, which
gained the highest figure of merit in
the army for target practice for the
year 1903. At the time of the practice
the regiment was stationed at Fort
Douglas, Utah.
General C. A. Coolidge, U. S. A., re
tired, has returned to the general hos
pital for treatment.
Captain Charles H. Bridges, Fif
teenth Infantry; Lieutenant Lochlln
M. Caffey, Fifteenth Infantry, and
Lieutenant." Arthur H. Freshwater,
Twenty-ninth Infantry, registered at
headquarters yesterday. ) -
Colonel 1 1 William E. Birkhlmer,
Artillery 1 Corps. '.i entered the = general
hospital 'yesterday. ¦ ¦ ,, , ,-
Major Parker" W. .West ovill .go to
Point Bonita this morning to visit the
new rifle range at Rodeo.
Sergeant John Mitchell, War Veteran
and Jmlian Fighter, Is Buried in
the National Cemetery.
WOULD DISSOLVE FIRM.— T. Phillips,
who with Demetrius Kontuly ha« been conduct-
Ing a restaurant at 1903 Central avenue, has
brought suit to have the partnership dis
solved. - ¦
The regular annual picnic of St.
John's parish will take place on
Wednesday. May 18. at Sunset Park.
Santa Cruz Mountains. The commit
tee of arrangements Is working ener
getically to make this reunion one of
the most attractive of the season. Al
ready many valuable gate and game
prizes have been secured.
The cost of the round trip will be
$1 for adults and B0 cents for chil
dren. The train will leave Third and
Townsend streets at 9:10 a. m.. stop
ping at Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets at 9:20 a. m.; at Bernal (op
posite St. Mary's avenue) at 9:25 a.
m. and at Ocean View ..t 9:30 a. m.
Returning it will leave Sunset Park
at 5 p. m.
The following committees have
charge of the affair:
Committee of an-anirementa^ — Rev. William J.
Butler, president; John Mitchell. Tlca presi
dent; Rev. P. D. Brady. . treasurer: Major Jos
eph H. Wesplear, secretary. . :
Printing committee— Rev. William J. Butler.
N. Wlenhola. Lieutenant T. G. Curtln.
Music committee — Thomas Cullen. Rer. P.
D. Brady. Peter Clafley. Major J. H. We«
plear Benjamin Burns. John Mitchell.
Press committee — Rev. W. J^ Butler. D. Cro
nln Gerald Moullle.
Dancing committee — Captain Thomas CrDay.
floor manager; Sergeant George Wlenholz, as
sistant floor manager.
Floor committee — T. J. Curtln. John Shehan.
Xj. Taylor, W. Lee, H. Huling. W. McKeon
Jr T. Hurley " Joseph DennUon, Fred Mein
ch» T. T. ' Greely. Benjamin Burns. Paul
¦Weinholz. Ffetef Murray. George Taaffee.
Gate committee — T. R. Huling. Captain B.
O'Connor. William McKeon, G. Mouille. Thom
as Myers. John McNerny. P. Grady. J. Murphy.
M. Qulrke Peter Bellmore. T. Santry. J. H.
Bolts. Thomas Cullen, Thomas Whearty, S.
Leonard. P. Woods. P. CRourke.
Committee on games — Captain E. O'Connor.
J. Blythe Thomas Whearty. Thomas Cullen.
Thomas Huling. r_>. Cronln. Thomas Nolan.
George Sheridan. James Fay. William Collins.
Joseph Johnson,- J. Flnnegan, Charles Martin
eon. 'P. Herbert. Thomas Greely, M. O'Connor.
Jig dancing— John Murphy. P. Grady. D. Cro
nln. John McNerney. Peter Claffy.
Members of 6t- John's Parish Will
Journey to Sunset Park for Their
Annual Outing.
Evening* session — 7:45. organ prelude, hymns
Nos. 271 and 164; 8, Scripture reading: 8:05,
hymn No. 171; 8:10. announcements; 8:15,
hymn No. 157; 8:20. offertory, violin sola.
Hother Wlsmer;- 8:25. address. Rev. Edwin
Hadlock; 0. hymn ..No. 370; 0:03. consecration
service. Dr. Farah E. Wl»e; 9:10. MlrpaJTben
edictlon. - .
Afternoon session— 3:30. pr»lso ' service,
hymns 64 and 120; 3:40, Scripture readlDs; anj
prayer; 8:50 report of recording secretary.
Miss Grace Plnney: 3:53, report of treasurer.
J. L» OUl: 4, rocal solo» Mls» Florence Ryder;
4:05 business; 4:15. hymn No. 151: 5, vocal
dueC Miss Mabel Gordon and Miss Marguerite
81ocombe;5:05 ( relation of Golden Gate Chris
tian Endeavor Union to th» California Christian
Endeavor Union, J. E. White. State president;
6:15. hymn No. 218: 6:20. open parliament.
"The best thing my society has done" <a sen
tence report from each society) : fl:50, hymn
No. 224; 6. Mlzpah (adjournment for refresh
ments and round -table conference); 7:20, social
hour. • •"•
The sixty-ninth quarterly session of
the Golden Gate Christian Endeavor
Union will be held this afternoon and
evening at the First Presbyterian
Church, Sacramento street and Van
Ness avenue. The principal , address
will be delivered by the Rev. Edward
Hadlock. the newly elected secretary
of the union. Following Is the pro
gramme In full:
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS
WILL MEET IX SESSION*
Quarterly Convention of Golden Gatq
Union to Be Held at First Pres
byterian Church To-Day.
Rev. Max-, Raisin of Stockton will
occupy the pulpit of .the Bush-street
Synagogue on Saturday morning. May
7.- ;He! is an aspirant for the pulpit
of this • congrestion, which is vacant,
and is considered a fluent and mag
netic preacher. The subject of his
sermon will be "Revelation: Past and
Present." The r>ubllc Is invited.
New Rabbi Arrives.
Rev. .T>r. Carradine. the eloquent
evangelist, will hold . a . ten days' se
ries of meetings at Penlel Hall. 49
Third street, beginning Friday, at 7:30
p. m., and twice dally thereafter, at
10:30 a. m. and 7:30 on week days,
Evangelist Carnidlnc to Preach.
OLD SOLDIER LAID AWAY
WITH. MILITARY HONORS
Nearly every, man in San Francisco,
irrespective of race,' color or occupa
tion, heaved a deep sigh of relief yes
terday morning when he pattered to
the door in bare feet, secured his morn-
Ing newspaper and learned that there
would be no street car strike. The
tension of the public had been extreme
over the situation and for weeks it has
been the principal topic of conversa
tion. The result of the settlement was
welcome news in the largest sense.
The public was undoubtedly happy;
the officials of the carmen's union ex
pressed satisfaction at the outcome of
the. threatened trouble; the officials of
the United Railroads say that the
settlement is satisfactory to them; how
the men most Interested feel about the
matter Is contained behind the brass
buttons that line the left side of their
coats. Most of them have nothing to
say, but those who have, talk like a
fighter who goes out from a stiff punch
in the Jaw. They are wondering what
happened to them.
NO MEN ARE HIRED.
The employment office of the United
Railroads went out of business yes
terday morning. The recently longjine
of men anxious for employment on the
street cars dwindled to a draggle of
those who had neglected to read the
papers. These were told that no new
men were needed. The carmen's head
quarters was open until 8 o'clock last
night, but the caretakers passed a
, lonely vigil and when the night had
fairly settled over the city they locked
the doors and went away. The threat
ened strike had evidently passed.
International President Mahon went
to Oakland in the morning and remain
ed there last night. He expressed him
self as being entirely satisfied with the
settlement. Questions involving the
union, he said, would require his at
tention in several cities throughout the
State and when these had been attend
ed to he would return to his headquar
ters at Detroit.
TO IMPROVE T.OCAI1 SERVICE.
The settlement of the differences be
tween the company and its employes
came as a great relief to the manage
ment and directors of the former and
especially to General Manager Chap
man, who will now turn his attention
almost exclusively to the betterment
of the service. Two years ago, when
the United Railroads assumed control
of the local street car lines, It fully
appreciated the Immediate need of Im
provements and Its various department
heads were put to work planning nu
merous changes. Hardly had these
plans been submitted to" and approved
by General Manager Chapman before
the troubles between the company and
its men began, and since then. the time
which General Manager Chapman had
expected to devote to giving San Fran
cisco a better car service has been con
sumed by labor matters with which
he had had no previous experience.
It was announced yesterday that the
United Railroads will, in a very few
weeks, begin a number of improve
ments that will Involve an expenditure
of nearly a million dollars. More cars
are to be placed on the main lines
during the busy portions of mornings
and evenings, time schedules are to
be changed so as' to insure quicker
service from the outlying districts, the
demands of improvement clubs for ex
tensions are to be met, car shops are
to be built and the San Mateo line
is to be extended as far as San Jose.
MOKE CARS ON" MARKET STREET
These various plans, with all their
minute details, accompanied by maps
and estimates of cost are now in Gen
eral Manager Chapman's office ready
to be taken out of the safe, where they
have been lying for many months, and
turned over to the construction depart
ment. It was stated yesterday that one
of the first moves to be made by the
company will be the electrizing of the
steam road between Central avenue
and Its ocean beach terminus. The
next undertaking will be the increasing
of the speed of the electric cars
throughout the city. These cars are
now being operated on an average rate
of about seven and a half miles an
hour and it Is purposed to Increase this
speed to between eight and a half and
ten miles an hour which, of course,
means more cars on the different sys
tems and necessarily more accommo
dations for the traveling public.
On the cable lines, which operate
along Market street, It Is purposed to
reduce the number of cars during the
middle of the day, when the travel is
exceedingly light, and to adopt a new
time schedule whereby, with additional
speed «of the cable, which can be ac
complished with the present machin
ery, more cars can be fun during the
busy hours of the evening. Manager
Chapman had been in charge of the
company's properties here only a .few
weeks when he fully appreciated the
fact that the public could -be better
treated in the matter of accommoda
tions between 4 and 6:30 o'clock in the
evenings, and he has long, planned
making the changes mentioned, but, as
already stated, he found his attention
too deeply engaged in labor questions.
WILL. EXTEND LINE TO SAN JOSE I
/ With the increasing demand for a
greater - car service, due mainly to
the growing population of San Fran
cisco, the company has realized the
need of bigger car shops in this . city.
Blue prints of the plans. for a car fac-,
tory, of sufficient capacity for the man
ufacture of all the rolling stock of the
United, Railroads, have been in 'the
hands; of General Manager Chapman
for a number of months, duly approved
by the men who control the roads. The
company is getting the majority of its
better cars from St. Louis at an ex
pense for -freightage that warrants the
building of a factory in this city. Mt
was stated yesterday that the site of
the factory will be that of the present
repair- shops in the Mission,. with. the
addition of an adjoining piece. of; land.
It is estimated that .the working force
of this establishment will, when the.
company gets, it well under way, be
about 500 men...
Plans for' improving the service be
tween San Francisco and San Mateo
over the electric system will be taken
up as rapidly as the opportunity af
fords itself. It is first purposed to in
crease the speed of the cars so as to
lower the present schedule about elev
en minutes between this city and San
Mateo. As to the proposed extension
of the road to San Jose, it was stated
at the company's offices yesterday that
the entire route has been surveyed and
stations and all other details arranged
for carrying out the project as soon as
the material fpr the construction of the
line can be secured. Part of this sur
vey includes a change in the route be
tween San Francisco and San Mateo.
the company having two purposes in
view. One is to bring a larger portion
of the line into the more thickly popu
lated section of this city in order to
increase its earning capacity and the
other is to take the line off the public
highways and operate It through pri
vate domains, which have already
granted rights of way| so as to permit
the running of cars . at a higher
rate of speed than is permitted along
roads over which the counties have
jurisdiction. The company's agents
have been carefully studying the con
ditions between San Francisco and San
Jose and have reported that th*e oper
ation .of an electric service between
these two points, touching at many of
the larger towns along' the way, will
prove successful from \a financial
standpoint.
EVERYBODY SATISFIED.
The United Railroads failed to make
any official statement regarding the
settlement of its difficulties with Its em
ployes. General Manager Chapman
would only say that the settlement was
satisfactory in every, way to the com
pany.
International President Mahon, after
the meeting had adjourned, said:
¦V\e are all very happx that the strike has
been averted. The vote was practically unan
imous to accept the terms of the company
and the' assurances of the Mayor that no dis
crimination would be practiced in the future
against members of the union. Personally I
took no hand in the decision further than to
advise the men regarding the conferences I
held with the company and to acquaint them
with every stage of the proceedings. I shall
return to Detroit as eoon as I can settle some
minor matters affecting the unions of carmen
In Oakland and San Jose.
President Cornelius of the local union
said, regarding the settlement:
The vital feature of this entire controversy
has been the demand of the union for "fair
play ' from the company. The men have been
promised It in the past, but have not had it.
This time they Insisted on definite assurance
that they would be treated fairly and their
union not discriminated against. In the final
proposition submitted by the union through
the Mayor of the city the men feel that assur
ances have been Riven that are sufficiently
definite to warrant them ¦ in -accepting -the
Officials of the Union and the United Railroads Voice
Satisfaction Over the Solution and Company Outlines
Many Contemplated Improvements in Street Car System
proposition. This they did In Rood faith, -with
the belief that the company will in good faith
carry out the terms of the agreement In letter
and spirit.
Mayor Schmitz could be seen only
far a moment. He- said that his posi
tion was simply that of a~ mediator and
that he was overjoyed at the fact that
a strike had been averted.
The articles of agreement were for
mally signed at 3 o'clock yesterday af
ternoon by the officials of the union
and those of the United Railroads.
Mayor Schmitz was present at the
ceremony and assurances of good faith
were strongly expressed by President
Cornelius on behalf of the union and
President Holland on behalf of the
company.
EVERY CLASS FEELS RELIEF OVER
SETTLEMENT OF IMPENDING STRIKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, THURSDAY, : MAY 5, 1904.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
pVERY one of the four hundred vehicles in
our store is new since January 1st The fire
last July took all the old ones. You will be in-
terested in seeing - the finest assortment '* of Car-
riages ever shown west of New York City '--
Obmmky
OF CALIFORNIA.
Carriage RepairingProperly Done.
Market and Tenth Sts.
Catalogues Furnished.
MARKS BROS.
FromPimples
to Eczema
from Infancy
iilllH
To those who • • have suf-
fered long and hopelessly
from Humors of the
Blood, Skin, and Scalp,
and who have lost faith
in doctors, medicines, and
all things human, CUT1-
CURA Soap, Ointment,
and Pills appeal with a
force hardly to be realized:
Every hope, every expec-
tation awakened by them
has been more than ful-
filled. More great cures
are daily made by them
than by all other Skin
Remedies combined, a
single set, costing but
one dollar, being often
sufficient to c u re the
most distressing cases
of torturing, disfiguring
humors, eczemas, rashes,
itchirigs, and inflamma-
tions of the skin; and
scalp, with loss of hair,
when all else fails.;
Sold throughout the world. Cutlcurt Re iolT«t, We.
I (in form of Chocolate Cottrd P11U, Tie. ptr rial of 00),
Ointment, Me., 8eap, 23c. Dep«U: London, 27 Charter*
. home Sq. ; Ftrb, S Rue d« la Ttix ; Boitnn, 137 Colustko*
- At*. Potter Druf * Chem. Core- Sole Props. -
, «T Sw4 for " la About tit SU» and Sc al»." "/ '_
HAIiE'S.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
BALE'S.
Hate's Anniversary
Enthusiastic values keep bubbling tip '
Six Hale stores as one.
Six strands to our buying rope. #?_-?«
Pulling pover multiplied six times. How close we bring the factory to
• Do" you suppose we could sell sheets and pillow cases, or black silks for
as little as we do if we didn't have six stores to divide an extra quantity
among?
Result: Economy of the truest, purest sort for you. .
Folding do=Carts Prices
To Surprise the City To-Day
(An Anniversary offering of the rarest type.)
$1.85; regular price $2.50; easy to handle and so light; scat and
back of heavy tan colored duck ; steel wheels.
$2.45; regular $3.50 value; a recliner; veneered maple back
and sides; steel wheels, : even good, strong steel springs.
.$3.60; regular price $5.00; reed back; reclining, folding cart,
with rubber-tired wheels; best steel springs; all iron parts
are malleable, with aluminum finish, and won't break. It
reclines, folds up closely and stands upright.
Who won't want to take advantage of them?
Many Suit Cases Art Materials
Of Special Interest To-Day. Anniversary prices that are
Anniversary month with us. making us so busy.
Going - away month ' with cut steel beads, all sizes. 9c.
many of you. Gold and silver beads. i5c.
tt .« * ,« Indian seed beans, 17c.
Hence these values. Indian bead looms. 22c and 43c.
At $1.50. Embroidery hoops, "The Duchess."
A splendid rubber-cloth suitcase 1Oc p ,^', L v \a. ~,«.,~, a-,
t-» -j /-" «•» Best linen braids. 25c, 36 yd. pieces.
Pegamoid Cases $2.50. Rings. 3 i-3c doz.
With leather corners, brass trim- The }>« st moultne thread. 3 l-3c a
mings; serviceable, roomy; value Furniiure gimp, 2c yd., all colors.
3 °°' Leather Cases $4.25. giv^ what ' s bcst of a11 wc are
Strong and good in every way;
reinforced on (.the inside are four rree tmbroidery Lessons.
stra P s ; ... *z *u The cIasscs meet at different
—Sole leather cases 5o.oo; the hours, so as to accommodate all.
best value of the kind we have
had. They have steel frames, fgy ffijT
new locks and on the inside £££* fiw -'•SI^^OE*
—Full leather lined cases at S8.00. -^^^
—Fitted cases at $i37.v ooot>&^s r
—Alligator cases $1500 and $18.50, #
$22.50. . . Market St., Near Sixth.
Extraordinary ****** Prices
...BARGAINS...
Novelty
Tailor Sums
$10, $12.50, $13.50 and $15
Only the very newest Spring Styles at prices which can-
not be equaled anywhere. Good material, well made ! and
finished.
Cut Ratc 517-50. $iaoo Trimmed Silk Blouses.
$27.50 Novelty Suits. Cut Rate $7-50
Cut Rate ....... $2000 $15.00 Trimmed Silk Blouses.
$30.00 Novelty Suits. „ Ct * , Ra , te $1 0-00
Cut Rate $22-50 $ IOO ° Black Venetian Jack-
* * xr 1 c - ets - Silk lined. Cut Rate
$35.00 Novelty Suits. jy cq
CutRztc $25.00 $io.oo' * Black Cheviot Coats.
$40.00 Novelty Suits. Satin lined. Cut Rate...
Cut Rate $3000 $600
$42.50 Hi^h Novelty Suits. Q ° th &£?£:
Cut Rate $32-50 ate ' $1000
SKIRTS
n cit r 1 $1250 Silk Skirts at.... $7.50
rOflgee MlK lOatS $3.50 Walking Skirts at.$250
x/*^lW n- $2.50 Walking: Skirts at.$l. 75
at iui=nate rnces vSaSa^ Sldrt " at cut - bate
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
39 STOCKTON STREET.
Telephone Main 6522.
We cant repeat it too often AU
Oar Goods Onaranteed.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
SPECIALS
CREAMERY BUTTER, per sqaaro. .32VSc
Reir. 83c. Ratbjen*« Popular Buttsr Sala*
prove th« quality to be all O K
FRESfl RAKCH EGGS, per doz.. .... 25c
Lars* white, telect atock.
BASKET FIRED JAPAN TEA, perlb. . . .35c
A tea that cupa well. R ey g,^ '
EASTERN SPLIT PEAS .... 5 lbs for 25c
Finest thing In the world for soup
H0LLA»DHERRIIIG... R : r . 41b 7for r 2!c
All Mllcher.fr. *•*. Be ea<-h
KIPPERED HERRING, per Hn 2thf
Croase & Blackwell or Smith. R* r 25c
ARMOUR'S IARD—
„ , , ' K 5 Md 10-lb tin-
Special &5c. COc. *l.oo
Pure a-d sweet. Rcy. 40c. (We. $1.20
Nabisco and Champagne Wafers, tin 25c
National Biscuit Co .» famous gecas.
KIDNEY BEANS, in cans 2 for^lfe
Choice Eastern pack. r. 8 . 2<y . ach
CARPET SWEEPERS $2.00
Bissau's Cyclo-bearlnjr. R*y $> 50
MELWOOD BOURBON, bo! 75c; gal S3~Q0
Res. Si. CO - $4 rwi
ASTOR RTE, per bot . . 90c ; gal . . $4. 00
Re*. M.2S-$3.0O
ROCK ind RYE, per bo! 60c
AU our liquors are tha purest and finest
obtainable. r«. s
CLARET, per gal 40 c
Slakes blood. r # ,. sq,.
Let ua »lve- you an estimate on your
camping order. Freight prepaid within 10O
miles on $5.00 and up.
F NTS^jm?AUDS^
88 bb h isi |H Ek ggji
Pale babies become rosy and
pretty babies when fed on
Mellin's Food. Mellin's Food
strengthens.
70 beautifully printed pages of*helpfbJ hint*
about "The Care and Feeding of Infants "
bound in cloth, will be tent you free if you
ask for it.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
$200 Reward
For the arrest and conviction of any on-
assaulting members or employes of «i a
association or- destroying: property belong
tnr to them. ,'' •"
raTIZ^SALUANCEJ
Report promptly to the Law Departm-nt.
Citizens'- Alliance. 217 Crossley bulldlni
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. *
CITIZENS' AULAidCE. -
PERSIAN LAWN WAIST
AS PICTURED
IS OUR REGULAR $1,50 VALUE
OM SPECAIL SALE TO-DAY AT
— — Q B=
This Waist is prettily tucked and trim-
med with embroidery insertion. Made
with the graceful pouch effect. This
Waist is a splendid $1.50 QC-
value: your choice to-day.... OUC
¦ £ i '
LINEN CRASH, OUTING SKIRT as
m pictured is our regular $ 1.50 7/Z*
value: on special safe to-day, at ".*.yy
"This Outing Skirt is jauntily trimmed
with three} stitched folds of the same
material ~arid made to' withstand good
hard wear. An ideal skirt for the cool
summer days.
Don't overlook the Big Bargains we're
offering to-day in our Lace and Em-
broidery department Read our: an-
nouncement in to-day's Examiner.
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-1222 J224 Market Street