TEE UEATHSS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY; MAY. 28, 1904.
Continued on ; Page 3, Columns 3, 4 and 5,
Continued on Page 3, Column 2. .,
AUBURN, May 27.— The daring thief
who robed the Placer County Bank of
several thousand dollars on Thursday
afternoon and then made his escape in
a cart, is still at large. L,ast night Con
stable Henry Leak of Penryn ran
across a man near the stone house a
mile below Auburn and, after calling
upon him to halt, fired a shot. The sus
pect got away. ;v£j£V<£- K'rVj*,^
Bank Itoblwr In Still at I>arge.
.WASHINGTON, May 27.— Rear Ad
miral Chadwiek" has reported to the
Navy Department the arrival o*f his
Fquadrou, consisting of the Brooklyn.
AtltfTila. CaFtine and Marietta, at
TenjE-riffe, the Canaries, where orders
were awaiting vhim to dispatch a ves
5*1 to Tangier in connection with the
kidnaping of th» American, Perdi
raris. The Brooklyn was Immediately
dispatched to that place.
Brooklyn Hoes jo Tangier.
GUNS OF THE RUSSIANS LOCATED, IN EMPLACEMENTS.
The Japanese discovered also a number of large emplacements, but they did not learn the
number of guns contained therein. These emplacements faced to the north and to the e"ast. The
guns fired by the Russians developed a range of 8500 meters. Eight heavy guns posted .on the
Russian right in the vicinity o£ Hushangtao also were discovered, and another strong Russian posi
tion developed by these reconnoissances was on another hill southwest of Nanshan Hill, where
the Russians had aperies of shelter trenches.
On the shore of Talienwan Bay, close to the head of the bay, the Russians had established
a series of, positions. _ Here were set up the searchlights which nightly played over the Japanese
angle '[in I the hills to, the northeast. Further, reconnoissances developed the fact that west of Liu
chiatien/-the Russians had : no i defenses. extending, to "the "northward; from Yenchiatien to the west
•Pari«; Authorities Will Make Inves
tigation to Find Who Killed
Young Evans.
. .PARIS. May 27. — The autopsy on
thr- remains of Allister Evans, known
as Viscount d'Oyley, son of the Amer
ic.in.dentist. Dr. John Evans, who died
yesterday here as the result of a bul
• jet- wound received under mysterious
circumstances, has been adjourned un
til to-morrow to permit the authorities
\6 m further investigate the circum
•Ttanc.es of his death. Madame Pflucker.
•the companion of the deceased, con
tinues to be subject to the orders of
' Judere Joliet, who is directing the in
vestigation.
. 3lemtK*r.« of the Evans family main
irtSn that the Viscount was subject to
rnegmeric influences.
i*robixg Tin: cause
" • OF VISCOUNT'S DEATH
The robbers chose a rainy night and,
their tracks were : covered up before
morning; but they could hardly go far
with the ore, as the. country 1 is very
rough >•»-
TUCSON. Ariz., May 27.— Twenty
thousand dollars' "worth of gold ore,
sorted and sacked, was stolen from the
Esmeralda mine In Sonora a few nights
ago, and the Mexican rurales are now
scouring the country round about in
an effort to discover where the treas
ure is concealed. J. R. Henderson, su
perintendent of the mine, believes that
the robbers were former employes, as
the ore, stolen was taken from some
rich pockets in the mine and was piled
In sixty sacks alongside the lower
grade ores. « % The robbers knew how to
discriminate, for every sack of the rich
ore was taken and none of the lower
grades was touched. The ore was piled
up not a hundred yards from the
bunkhouse, and how the robbers cart
ed It away without disturbing the su
perintendent or his^men and where
they concealed It Is a mystery.
The Mexican authorities believe that
the robbers have concealed the ore in
some old workings In Ihe mountains
near by awaiting- a favorable oppor
tunity to dispose. of it. As a result
and because of a handsome reward of
fered by the owners of the mine,
searching parties are examining every
old shaft and prospect hole for miles
around, but no trace of the treasure
has been discovered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS. May 27.— Miss Alice
Roosevelt's passport to tne world's fair
was unavailing this afternoon, because
she came to the exposition in a phaeton
instead of an aatomobile as the gate
keeper had expected. The admissions
department issued orders to the gate
inspector to accept the announcement
of the driver, "Miss Roosevelt in auto
mobile," as carte blancne for herself
and party.
She came in a phaeton and the as
tute man on guard refused to admit
her party free because his instructions
were for an automobile. George D.
Markham, Miss Roosevelt's escort, 're
lieved the situation by buying tickets.
Miss Roosevelt smiled merrily at the
situation as Markham paid and they
drove inside to await the arrival of the
balance of the party In three automo
biles. Because "Miss Roosevelt in a
phaeton" was outside of his official
Jurisdiction, the gateman compelled the
remainder of the party to pay? and
Markham did the honors for them
again as in the case or Miss Roose
velt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Miss Roosevelt Buys
Tickets to Enter
1 Fair.
Sixty Sacks ,oi Ricti
Ore Are Stolen
• J. TIT* 1. 1
at Night,
MYSTERIOUS
ROBBERY IN
A GOLD MINE
PRESIDENT'S
DAUGHTER
HAS TO PAY
I MAP SHOWING TERRITORY OVER WHICH ARMIES OF JAPAN AND RUS
, SIA ARE RATTLING AND THE LOCATION OF THE TOWN WHERE THE
LATEST GREAT FIGHT OCCURRED.
. The Japanese first occupied the line of hills to the east of Kinchou. Their position here form
ed an almost perfect right angle, showing its southern front to Talienwan and its western front to
Kinchou. Chiulichan village was the apex of this angle. The extreme Japanese right rested at
Chenchatien, which is almost due north of Chiulichan, while the extreme left was at Chaitzuho, a
village due east of Chiulichan. Back of this angle the attacking force assembled in complete se
curity, r '
The Russians apparently attempted to draw the Japanese attack last Saturday, for their bat
teries opened fire slowly on the enemy that day. The Japanese, however, refused to be drawn
until the positions of the Russians, their guns and their strength had been fully,, developed. To this
end the Japanese began a series of careful reconnoissances, their officers working their way close
enough to the Russian position to draw the enemy's fire. They thus secured fragments of shells
for the purpose of ascertaining the caliber of the Russian guns. They discovered that the batteries
on Nanshan Hill included four howitzers of about fifteen centimeters caliber, ten old-style cannon of
between nine and fifteen centimeters caliber and two quick-firingguns of twelve centimeters.
TOKIO, May 27. — The Japanese army swept the Russians from Kinchou yesterday morn
ing and in a desperate attack stormed the almost impregnable position of the Russians on Nanshan
Hill, west of Talienwan. j
. The battle raged in the hills all through the night, and fragmentary telegrams from the Jap
anese headquarters report that the engagement is still in progress and that the Japanese are pursu
ing the Russians south from Nanshan and the head of Talienwan Bay.
The Russians had made elaborate preparations to check the Japanese movement south on the
Liaotung Peninsula toward Port Arthur. They had fortified the high ground on the south shore
of Talienwan Bay, their works extending to the east and the .west. The extreme Russian right
was at Hushangtao and the extreme left at Nanshan Hill. This hill was the strongest part of the
line. A series of batteries, strongly emplaced, crowned its crest, while rifle pits extended around
its sides. Mines had beeni placed lower down on this hill, and around the base on the northern and
eastern sides were stretched well-made wire entanglements. Another line of defenses, also protect
ed with wire entanglements, extended from Yenchiatun, near the head of Talienwan Bay, due north
of Chiulichan. A strong Russian force was posted at Kinchou. It consisted of infantry and ar
tillery. 5 * _.' - -
JAPANESE FOECES OCCUPY BIDGES NEAR KINCHOU.
LONDON, May 27. — A dispatcU to the Central News from Harbin says the Jap
anese losses during the fighting at Kinchou are said to be 12,000 men killed. It is
said that these figures have been confirmed by an official dispatch. Fighting, it is
added, is still going on in the vicinity of Kinchou.
NEW YORK. May 27. — Three keep
ers in Central Park vrere cajled on to
day to save the lives of eleven great
.African pythons by dosing them with
medicine to check the ravages of a
parasite which has already kilted two
of them.
Car.fBllv the three men opened the
d-jcr of the cage, where several of the
reptiles lay coiled on the floor, while
'others hung from branches of trees,
. tiieir heads swaying from side to side,
their beadlike eyes turned suspiciously
o!» the intruders.
¦Quick, boys, this is no picnic," said I
Shannon, the head keeper, seizing one
f>{ the snakes Just back of its head.
. Bnyder had a syringre in which was a
quantity of medicine ready and as
.Shannon pried open "the snake's mouth
bnyder squirted a dose down the rep
tile's throat.
"Here'a another," cried Cook, but
a? he reached out his hand the snake
.phot Ita head forward and Cook's hand
slipped oh its slimy skin. Quick as
lightning the snake shot its head back,
• curved its neck and sank its fangs
• detji i:Ho Cook's left hand before he
coyld save himself. The reptile drew
-back i:s head and darted for the right
ih-ini. ;.-.-..:. striking its mark, and
j-ir.kinip its fangs deep into Cook's
..thumb. AJ1 of ihe snakes were hissing
'excitedly now and coiling menacingly
lU>out the rage ready for a spring.
•Boscb, the largest and most savage
nf the lot, measures twelve feet from
.hpad to tail and the girth of his body
. is about five inches. He was hanging
.from r limb when Keeper Shannon
.seized his neck. Cook tried to seize
his squirming taH, but with his hands
• injured missed It. In a flash the great
reptile had curled himself about one
of Shannon's legs and the keeper fell
in the floor. Snyder and Cook rushed
to" hlfl assistance and It took their
united strength to unwind the huge
coils. w*.!ch in another moment might
have crushed the bones of Shannon's
leg.
£r*c:al Dltr»tch to The CaU.
M. Ribot, minority leader, was among
those voting in support of the Govern
ment.
The debate attracted unusual atten
tion, and great crowds were present,
including Embassador Porter and other
members of the diplomatic corps.
The principal speeches were those of
Premier Combes and M. Delcasse.
"The recair of M. Nisard," said Pre
mier Combes, "means that we will not
allow the Papacy to intermeddle in our
international relations, and that we in
tend to have done, once for all with tho
superannuated fiction of temporal
power, which disappeared thirty-fou*
years ago. We will not withdraw th«
whole staff accre<3Utd tc the Vatican,
as Tve are bound by the concordat :o
maintain at the Vatican an agent of
our' Government for the carrying on
of business. We cannot suppress tha
embassy and concordat by 'our own au
thority, for that right belongs to the
Chambers."
Premier Combes -went on to say that
several-schemes for ending the con
cordat were under consideration in
committee, and it only remained for
the Chamber to have the question
brought up for consideration-immedi
ately after the passage of the budget
next January.
"Seeing how the concordat is daily
observed, or rather violated, by the
church," continued the Premier,
"some solution is necessary. We can
no longer remain in this situation
without bringing it to an issue. When
the discussion comes up I will state
the Government's opinion,, but for the
moment I ask the Chamber to confine
Its solution to the measure forcing the
subject of this debate."
REVIEWS THE CONTROVERSY.
Foreign Minister Delcasse in his
speech retraced the history of the •
question from the spring of 1903. when
the papal nuncio asked questions con
cerning the eventuality of President
Loubet's visiting Rome, to which II.
Delcasse replied that he could not fur
jiish the information.
Coming to the immediate cause of
the. rupture, he said that a Parisian
paper published the text of the papal
note as addressed to the other
powers, which was couched in terms
of remonstrance which the, French
Government could not accept. The
Government's duty was clear, as the
authenticity of the document had been
proved. Three courses were open: To
Premier Combes took the initiative ia
resisting all efforts to force the Govern
jnent to extreme action, and his request
that all questions regarding the separa
tion of church and state go over until
next January has the effect of post
poning separation beyond the present
session of Parliament.
A resolution proposed by M. Ferrette,
Republican - Nationalist, inviting the
Government to negotiate with Pope
Pius for a separation of the church and
state, was defeated, 507 to 18. A mo
tion by M. Allard. Socialist, to break
off at once all relations with the Vati
can and to denounce immediately the
concordat, was defeated, 3S5 to 113.
PARIS, May 27.— After an exciting
debate in which Premier Combes and
Foreign Minister Delcasse set forth
the action and purposes of the* Govern
ment toward the Vatican, the Chamber
of Deputies to-day, by a vote of 427 to
95, approved the course of the Govern
ment in recalling M. Nisard, Embassa
dor to the Vatican, and rejectel all pro
posals of the extreme element for an
immediate dissolution of the relations
between church and state.
One Man Is Mce Fanged and An
other Has Narrow Escape by Be
ing Caught in a Coil
French Deputies Suppress the Ex
. tremists and Pass Further Action
on Subject Until January.
Central Park Employes At
tempt to Give Medicine
to Reptiles.
Emphatic Expression Con
cerning tlie Ruptifre
With Vatican.
Pvtiions Make Attack
/.on Keepers in
Cage.
Ministry Supported
by a Heavy
Vote.
APPROVES
THE RECALL
OF NISARD
DESPERATE
FIGHT WITH
BIG SNAKES
LONDON, May 28.— A Tokio correspondent of the Telegraph says he learns that the Japanese troops are now within
twelve miles of Port Arthur and that the Russians suffered heavier casualties than the Japanese, who have taken guns and other
material and a few prisoners. He predicts a further surprise as Japan is now increasing her efforts in other directions. A Tokio
correspondent of the Chronicle says that the Japanese captured many guns at Kinchou.
VICTORIOUS JAPANESE LOSE THOUSANDS IN TERRIFIC BATTLE AT KINCHOU
AND DRIVE THE RUSSIAN ARMY CLOSE TO PORT ARTHUR FORTIFICATIONS
Alcazar— "A TofibU Ca««L" . \
California — "WHen W» Wers
Tweaty-On«." . ;
Central — "A Great Temptation."
Colombia — "Xvas the Terrible."
Matinee— "Old Heidelberg."
Chute* — Vaudeville.
Grand — "Fedora."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tlvoll— "A Bonaway GlrL"
Matinees at all theaters to-day.
TKB TSZEATE3BS.
VOLUME XCV— XO. ISO.
forecast n&£» at Sai I*raa
dico fcr tlilrty hears eatf*S
zniiuiztt, SCaor CC. 19041
San rraacircc aafi vicJzity —
S*air Satnrfiay; lijlit matrrly
vriiiL G. XL. 'WZZiUSOV,
Local rorseaster
(Temporarily la ciarcff).
The San Francisco Call
Valorous Forces of the Mikado Storm
Fortified Heights in Face of
Artillery Fire.TWO LIVES. ARE LOST
BY FIRE IN A HOTEL
Section Foremen Are Burned to Death
In a Town in Oklahoma
. Territory. .
LAWTON, O. T., May 27. — Two lives
were lost in a flre here to-day that de
stroyed the Farmers' Hotel, a small
structure.' John Brandon and Patrick
McCabe. section foremen on the Rock
Island Railway, were burned to a crisp.
YOSEMITE FOR $25.00.
A Rare Chance to Visit the Famous
Valley.
To holders of round-trip Eastern tick
>ts over any road, and to their friends
accompanying, the Santa Fe will sell
tickets to Yosemite Val>6y and return for
525 90.
A visit to famous groves of plant Se
quoias, the largest. trees in the world, is
Included without extra expense." Ask at
fianta Fe office, 641 Market street. •
Elaborate Ceremonies Mark the Dedi-
ST. LOUIS, May 27— Marked by the
most elaborate ceremonies that have
yet attended the dedication of a State
World's Fair building, the Illinois Pa
vllioji was to-day formally opened to
the public by Governor Richard Yates.
The first incident 'of the day was a pa
rade of the Illinois delegation, headed
by the State World's Fair Commission
ers and the cadets of the Illinois State
University, 750 strong. Governor
Yates and President Francis made the
principal addresses and Mrs. Yates un
furled the State flag that floats above
the pavilion. \
The Bon Toe Women's Tribunal, a
court of Justice peculiar to the Bon Toe
tribe of the Philippine Islands, estab
lished solely for the purpose of settling
disputes between the feminine mem
bers of the tribe, was dedicated to-day
at the Igorrote village in the Philippine
reservation.
cation of the Pavilion.
ILLINOIS BUILDING OPENED.
DENVER, May 27.— The committee
on affiliation of the Western Federation
of Miners with the American Federa
tion of Labor did not report at to-day's
session, as was expected.
For the first time since the openin?
of the convention the case of Charles
H/'Moyer, the president of the federa
tion, who is held a prisoner by the mili
tary authorities at Telluride, was taken
into serious consideration. A commit
tee was appointed. to~ take such action
as might be deemed . expedient in re^
leasing President Moyer.
Committee Will Adopt Measures to
Obtain Liberty for President of
Miners* Federation.
\VILIi TRY TO SECURE
RELEASE OF 3IOYER
Francisco; Max Kolander^San Fran
cisco; J. Bauer and wife, San Fran
cisco: J. Ij. Mathes, San Francisco; W.
Hauton, San Francisco; A. R. Mc-
Pherson, San Francisco.
Beach: F. W. Peters, Contra Costa; J.
C. Rudolph, Lompoc; C. W. Long:, Sac
ramento; J. Williams and wife, Sacra
mento; T. L. E. Wright, Sacramento;
R. Warnock and v.lfe, Salinas; J. H.
Sterling and wife, Salinas; A. L.
Henry and wife, Berkeley; W. TV.
Henry, Berkeley; Alice Henry,
Berkeley; A. O'Neil, L.. O'Neil, San
Francisco; E. Laindon, San Francisco;
N. Tenny, San Francisco; D. Einstein,
San Francisco; S. H. Miller, San Fran
cisco; C. Beckman, San Francisco; L>.
A. Davis, San Francisco; Myrtle Pen
field, San Francisco; J. Goldstone, San
COPENHAGEN, May 27. — The In
ternational Tuberculosis Congress was
formally opened in Parliament House
to-day under the* presidency of Pro
fessor . Browerdel of Paris. Crown
Prince Frederick, the Ministers and
members of the diplomatic corps, in
cluding United States Minister Swen
son, were among those in attendance.
Delegates from twenty countries,
among them Dr. Pottenger of Los An
geles. Cal., and E. L. Trudeau of New
York, were present. Premier Duntzer
welcomed the -delegates. After the
opening ceremony the Crown Prince
mingled with the delegates and con
versed with Trudeau and Dr. Pot
tenger.
Crown Prince Frederick and Many
Members of the Diplomatic
Corps Attend.
TUBERCULOSIS CONGRESS
OPENS IN COPENHAGEN
OTTAWA. Ontario, May 27. — After
an all-night session the House divided
on the third reading of the Grand
Trunk Pacific bill and it was passed by
a. vote of 105 to 59.
Grand Trunk Pacific Bill Passefl.
LOS ANGELES, May 27. — Nearly
1000 members of the various lodges of
Elks throughout the southern end of
the State left this evening, for Mount
Wilson in the San Gabriel Range,
where, amid the huge pines which
cover the mountain top, they have es
tablished an immense camp in which
they will take a three days' outing.
The enterprise is under the auspices of
the Pasadena Lodge."
Elks Leave for Mount Wilson.
Fatally Injured by Fall From Car.
,
LOS ANGELES. May 27.—Harry B.
Blakeley, Clerk of the Superior Court
and one of the best known young men
of Los Angeles, was probably fatally
injured this morning by being acci
dentally thrown from a moving street
car. He struck the pavement with
such violence that his skull was frac
tured. The attending- physicians say
his recovery is doubtful.
SAN JOSE, May 27. — A camp of
Spanish War Veterans has been organ
ized in San Jose. The organization
starts with a strong membership,
among whom is W. W. Grayson, who
is said to have fired the first shot in
the Philippine campaign. The officers
elected are as follows: Commander,
Allan Brant; senior vice commander,
W. W. Grayson; junior vice com
mander, John W. Bickford; adjutant,
W. W. Needham; quartermaster, T. H.
Tooze; chaplain, T. P. Mitchell; of
ficer of the guard, H. F. Keck; officer
of the day, Charles Lashe; trustees,
Charles W. Davlson and Ralph Waldo.
Spanish War Veterans Organize.
HONOLULU. May 21.— The steamship
Sierra, which left here last Wednesday
for Australia, had as passengers Pro
fe&sors Koebele and Perkins, entomolo
gists in the employ of the Territory of
Hawaii, who are going to search for
parasites which are enemies of the leaf
hepper and other pests in the islands.
The leaf hopper has been doing much
damage in some of the inland cane
nelds. Koebele has been doing similar
work in Mexico and California and
came on the Sierra, being joined by
Perkins here.
Hawaiian Entomologists Will Seek
Insect That Will Destroy
Leaf Hopper.
START ON SEARCH FOR
ENEMIES TO PESTS
Gerke recently indorsed a foreign
money order for Louis Hill for $100
and was paid a portion of the money.
Subsequently it developed that Lewis
was not the man for whom the money
order was intended and the Federal
Grand Jury indicted both Hill and
Gerke for obtaining money by false
pretenses. Gerke was released on
$5000 bonds on . Wednesday and on
Thursday he began drinking heavily.
This afternoon he told his friends he
could not afford to take chancea of
conviction and significantly remarked
that he proposed to make it impossi
ble to convict him. Two hours later
he was found dead with the poison
bottle in his hand.
LOS ANGELES, May 27. — Having
been indicted by the United States
Grand Jury and fearing convlct.'on,
Henry Gerke. a well known saloon
keeper,, committed suicide this even-
Ing by swallowing four ounces of laud
anum. ''¦*:'», '
Federal Jury Swallows Four
Ounces of Laudanum.
Los Angeles Saloon Man Indicted by
FEAR OF CONVICTION
PROMPTS A SUICIDE
WASHINGTON. May 27.— Postmaster
commissioned: Emma W. Knights,
Loring, Alaska..
New postoffice — James W. Youk,
'Vega, Pierce County, Washington. I
Changes, fourth-class postmasters —
Washington— Gordon, Douglass Coun
ty, Ralph C. McDowell, vice James H.
Barkley, resigned; Highland. Spokane
County. WlUIam J. Bogan, vice Mor
ton J. Hills, resigned.
Contract with Alaska Pacific Navi
gation Company for carrying malls to
Seaward, Alaska, is modified, naming
E. E. Calne president at Seattle in
stead of Thomas McGovern, vice presi
dent, and period from June 1 to August
31, 1904, Instead of from May 16, 1904,
to Mav 15, 1905.
Orders War Department— Captain
Bloom, purchasing commissary, New
Orleans, will proceed to San Francisco
and sail on transport about August 1
for Manila to relieve Captain James A.
Logan Jr., commissary. Captain. Lo
gan will proceed to San Francisco and
report by telegraph to commissary
general. First-class Private Joseph C.
Hall, signal corps, Benicia barracks,
will be sent to Fort Apache, Arizona,
reporting to commanding officer to re
lieve Corporal John H. Hoepel. Cor
poral Hoepel on relief will be sent to
Fort Lawton. Washington, reporting
to commanding officer for assignment
to duty in Alaska. .
Private William N. Kress, who de
serted November 14, 1900, from Com
pany E, Tenth Infantry, was appre
hended April 22 while serving as recruit
in the general service at Jefferson Bar
racks, Missouri, under the name of
William N. Kramer, and who has been
held to service to complete his present
enlistment without trial for fraudulent
enlistment, will be discharged without
honor from Company E, Tenth Infan
try, by reason of desertion.
Order to Master Signal Electricians
Earle W. Blnkley and Frank P. Turner
of the signal corps upon completion of
duty aboard the cable ship Burnside to
proceed to Benicia Barracks, Califor
nia, is revoked. *
The following named enlisted men of
the signal corps . now on duty on the
cable ship Burnside, at Seattle, Wash.,
will proceed on that vessel to Sltka,
Alaska, and there take permanent sta
tion in connection with cable operations
in Alaskan waters: Master Signal
Electricians Frank P. Turner and Earle
W. Binkley, first class Sergeants Clif
ford de Kast, Owen V. Wilcomb and
William A. Blackwood, and Corporal
George B. Howe. First Lieutenant
James Butler, signal corps, now at
Seattle, is assigned for duty and station
at that place.- Lieutenant Butler will
make such journeys by sea on the, cable
ship Burnside as may be directed by
Lieutenant Colonel James Allen, signal
corps, on official business pertaining to
the installation of the Alaskan cable
system.
The following enlisted men of the
Eighth and Thirteenth Infantry, sta
tioned in -Alaska, .will; prior to the de
parture of those regiments for the
United States, be transferred as pri
vates' to the signal corps'.- reporting by
letter to Captain Otto A. Nesmith of
the signal corps at Fort Egbert, Alaska,
for assignment to duty; Eighth In
fantry—Privates George D. Bartholo
mew, George McLeod, John J. Maloney
and Lester C. Hill, Company A; Daniel
P. Wyland, Walter W. CahlU. Nelson
Baillard and John L. Conner. Company
C; Corporal George W. Bauraan and
Privates Andrew C. Taylor, Alex An
derson, Charles "Cavanaugh, William
Curtis, Roscoe Randolph and Henry D.
Squire, Company D.
Order to • naval officer — Lieutenant
Emmona, retired, on special duty at
Valdez, Alaska, in connection with and
investigation of the 'subject of the na
tives of Alaska. ,
Washington Authorities Make Postal
Changes and Issue Minor Army
Orders.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE "
£31 OF THE PACIFIC COAST
HONOLULU, May 21.— A good dea!
of interest and discussion has been
aroused here by statements of J. D.
Hague of the cruiser Tacoma that the
principal purpose- of her cruise is a
hope that trace mar be found of the
lost sloop of war Levant, which left
Hilo in 1S60 and has not been seen
since, also by Hague's -suggestion that
it is even possible that there are still
survivors on the supposed island which
the Tacoma hopes to locate. There are
many people living here who were on
board the Levant as visitors during her
stay in Honolulu before she left on her
last trip.
Sloop Which Was Ix>st
ir. 1800.
Cruiser Will Hunt for Crew of the
TACOMA WILL HUNT FOR
SURVIVORS OF LEVANT
ST. LOUIS, May 27.— Californians
who have registered at the California
building are:
San Francisco — W. B. Stadtfeld, A.
N. Hanc and wife. J. Wise Jr., J. T.
Skelley, J. T. Lakey, Mrs. Ida Berg
mann, J. D. Miller, J. V. Boyd, Mr.
and Mrs. H. H. Taussig. W. S. Heger,
R. A. Wise and wife, E. A. Stack, J.
W. More. Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Under
bill. E. S. Kenyon, A. C. Kenyon, Mr.
and Mrs. J. W. Goodwin, V. Friman,
O. L. Olmstat and wife,' B. H. Hop
kins. W. N. Kelley, Mrs. H. Hom
berger, W. F. Blasse, M. Blasse.
Los Angeles— W. H. Whitesal, H. B.
Powel, R. P. Shibley, F. L. Fair, H. \V.
Wyat, O. A. Hall and wife, S. C.
Chapman, G. R. Hemingway, Mrs. A.
A. Stowe, C. H. Treat and wife. D. N.
Anderson. H. L. White, E. R.
Threlker. A. IT. Perrin, A. S. Add
strom, C. Gollnur, H. C. Woehler, Mr.
and Mrs. J. W. Deupree, A. E. Wad
leigh. Mrs. K. C. Eabcock. C. Brode,
C. Gallmer. D. C. L. Herrick and wife,
S. C. Eastman, E. G. Harry man, A.
A. Bird, F. L.. Mellon, A. J. Saeger, H.
Vail. C. H. Blake and wife, J. S.
Horsfall.
' Sacramento — E. L. Heger, E. L.
Ferris, Mr. and Mrs. Schrievener. .
Oakland — Levy Carr, J. EC Foster
and wi(e. L. Eerger, L. M. Woodside,
R. Hutcheson, J. W. Bcrger. "
Napa— Mr. and Mrs. L. J. Evans..
'Santa Barbara— F. B.'Witham, J. F.
Q'Donel.
Miscellaneous— I. V. Rodes. River
side; J. W. Menx, Fresno; O. L. Little
page. Santa Cruz; B. C. Sawyer, San
Diego: D. L. Clark., San Diego; R« E.
Trognite, San Diego; George Pelton,
Fan . Diego; J. A. Culver and
wife; JZ. ;.T. Dennis. Santa ( Rosa;
E. Barrett, San -Juan; L. Fowler,
Modesto: G. A. Balchelor. llenlo
Park; R. B. Furlong, San Rafael;
Edith Poppin. Yolo; H. S. Lambert,
Oxnard; I. B. Thompson, Irvington; P.
J. Mallory and wife. Arroyo Grande;
A. C. Laugenour, Woodland; r W.. S.
Haydon, San Juan; L. K. Faure, Sari
Jose; -C. Cable, San Jose; G. ' R.
ThoraaE. Pasadena: C. E. Nash and
wife, Pasadena; 11* N. Nash. Wood
land; Mr. a.nd Mrs. D. E. Morgan, Ne
vada City; R. A. Barker, Berkeley;-.W.
Trautham. 'B. .Trautham, Los Gatos;
o ilcQuinney, Imperial; J. Scraggan,
St. Helena; W. Lewdly, Carters; W.
R. Handy. Santa Cruz; G. S. Hall,
Alameda: J. W. .Fast end wife. Oak
land. J. Simons. Colusa; E. A. Palmer,
Oakland; E. L. Worth, Niles; E." E.
Stapleton, San Jose;*" F." H. "Hill and
family, Palo Alto; M. Temple, Long
The departure of H. C. Raap, Contra
Costa"s Tax Collector and World's Fair
commissioner. has caused regret
among his fellow Californfans here.
Raap never let a visitor depart without
a good impression of California and the
men she produces. His "hot air" is ol
a variety that grasps the tourist before
he is aware and leaves him enthralled
long after he gets away from the
source. If Raap had not gone home in
time to garner the tithes he could not
have paid himself his salary, and he
will need it after a sojourn at the fair.
CALIFORNIANS AT ST. LOUIS.
Mr. Hay, of course, couldn't place
Mr. Brown, but Mr. Brown didn't ex
pect he would, and continued:
"I lived just four doors from you on
Euclid avenue, in Cleveland, and used
to think your 'Banty Tim' was the
greatest poem ever written."
"Now I remember," said Secretary
Hay. "You are the nephew of William
Bingham, -who died just two weeks ago.
He was a good man."
Bingham was one of the wealthiest
iron manufacturers of Ohio and Brown
lived with him as a boy. His niece
married William C. Whitney.
The Secretary of State and the coun
ty commisioner had a long chat and
the diplomat, after viewing Brown's ex
hibit with much interest -and' doing
some sampling of products, said San
Joaqcin must be a rich county.
San Joaquin County's booth has had
the distinction of being carefully in
spected by Secretary of State John Hay.
The diplomat tarried for a moment at
San Joaquin's exhibit, and Colvin B.
Brown, the commissioner from that
county, approached him and said:
•Mr. Hay, I used to know you when
I was a little boy."
HAY LIKES SAN JOAQUIX.
H. Hogue, the Fanta Paula capitalist,
is at the fair, accompanied by his wife.
H. S. Lambert, an extensive bean
rancher of Oxnard, is also among the
visitors.
resort, and visitors are informed that
the summers there are pleasant as well
as the winters. Much good work is be
ing done in this line.
'Los Angeles has received a carload
of oranges and apples, which are be
ing kept in cold storage to be used as
needed for exhibit purposes in the Pal
aces of Horticulture and Agriculture.
LOS ANGELES, May 27. — Officers
of the California National Guard are
endeavoring to make arrangements
for the biggest encampment ever held
in this State, and although the plans
have not received the final approval
of the War Department there is re'a
son to believe that they will succeed.
The proposition is to have the several
brigades of the National Guard and as
many regular troops as can be sent
from the various posts in this State,
together with the allied organization,
such as the naval reserve, mobilized
for Instruction in a camp large enough
to make possible a mimic campaign.
The place at which it is proposed to
hold the camp is the tract In San Luis
Obispo and Monterey counties, which
has been suggested* for purchase by
the Government as a military reserve
to be used for Just such encampments.
The plan has the approval of the Gov
ernor and the adjutant general's de
partment, and through those agencies
efforts are being made to induce the
War Department to consent to the use
of troops of the regular establishment
for such a camp.
Allow Hegular Troops to Take
Part In It.
War. Department Will Be Asked to j
NATIONAL GUARD OFFICERS
PJLAX A BIG ENCAMPMENT
Los Angeles expects to secure many
new tourists and settlers from her
beautiful display. Many people who
have never visited that part of the
State have oppressed their Intention
after viewing the exhibit of going there
this winter, and several persons have
mads inquiries with a view toward ac
quiring x^rmanent homes there. Los
Angel's L« desirous of becoming popu
lar as a summer as well as a winter
• The California commissioners have
divided their labors, so that one is an
outdoor and one an indoor man.
Filcher makes the rounds of the ex
hibits and keeps the labor unions
pacified as the work is being finished,
.and; Wiggins sees that visitors to the
building are taken care of. He can
pick a prospective settler or orange
customer out of 7000 people, so keenly
has his power of observation been de
veloped as the general man of affairs
'of that progressive body known as the
.Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce.
M>. Wiggins brews himself what is
known as the Chamber of Commerce
I»unch. It is guaranteed to bring a
longing for California to three out of
fcvery seven persons drinking it. It is
said that every woman who gets a
swallow wants to marry the mixer and
the commissioner is kept busy explain
ing that he already has a wife who is
thoroughly satisfactory to him.
• W. 15. Melick has gone East after his
Inspection of the California exhibits.
c*n which he will make a report to the
Governor. He says the chief executive
"will visit the exposition during the lat
ter *)art of June. Some special function
svill l>c arranged at the California
building for his entertainment
James B. Tyson, vice president of
the firm of Charles Nelson & Co.; Cap
tain Mitchell Tyson, bar pilot; George
H. Tyson, agent of the German-Amer
ican Insurance Company, and Mrs.
George H. Tyson, all of San Francisco,
have reached St. Louis from New Or
leans on their way to Germany and
Norway. James Tyson said New Or
leans was the only city they had
visited where California wines seemed
to be properly put to the front. The
vintage of the Golden State, he said,
could be had everywhere in the Cres
cent City and was very popular there.
Californians made efforts to secure
.for their State the next annual session
of the National Press Association and
the Good Roads Convention for next
.year. Portland won the latter because
of the exposition it is going to hold.
Oklahoma, in bidding for the press
gathering, had to promise that an ex
cursion would be run from there to
San Francisco after the session ended*.
The Eastern editors visited California
once' and- they are not going to miss
another trip there. Memories of the
climate, the fruits, berries and flowers
appeal strongly to them.
ROUNDING UP SETTLERS.
WINKS I3fi XKW ORLEANS.
Delegate Abdol had been told of Lou
isiana and Texas and expected to go
down to one of those States to secure
land tor a tentative colony, but the
Egyptian section in the Palace of Agri
culture is very dose to that of Califor
nia, and the bouquet of a certain brand
of cisars k^pt there attracted Colonel
Green and Judsre Wills of the Sacra
mento Development Association sec
tion. When they learned what Abdel
wanted Louisiana and Texas were left
at the poet. The delegate had already
been told that the climate of California
was much like that of Egypt, and a
glance at her products did the rest. The
knowledge possessed by Green and
Wills of the language of the Ptolemies
didr.t help out any, but fortunately
Abdel hed learned the English lan
guage well, having been told at home
of the beauty of the American girl —
that it even transcended the cigarette
photos Vf his own Cleopatra — and pre
pared himself to converse.
The Egyptian will go to California
with G. H. Hecke of Woodland, who
Koes back soon. Experiments will be
tf.ade by the people brought out by him
in the growing of rice, cotton, sugar,
various kinds of cereals and other Nile
products, after the manner of the Egyp
tians. Many Egyptians, who will work
in the orchards during the fruit season,
if they locate in California, may join
the colony later.
DXSOOVE11S CALHOKXIA.
CALL PITKEAU. WORLDS FAIU.
HT. LOUIS. May 27.— Abdel Hamid
Aba=a. whose card shows he is "Egyp
tian Delegate to World's Fair for Agri
cultural Section." and that his home
auiiress is Cairo, is going to pay Cali
fornia a visit some time in June. He
\vill not come with a retinue of richly
arrayed servants and a carload of
gaudy raiment exhaling the attar of
loses, as Egypttonfl of station are sup-
I'os.d to travel, but will enter the State
rfUietly, and :non likely in plain Amer
ican clothes. Abdel means business.
He vrant*- to find a place to which some
of the better class of fanners who live
en Pharaoh's river can make a hegira.
I\ hus been bO long since any of them
have indulged in a heyira that they are
becoming restless.
BY VWU EDWAKDS.
It is increasingly difficult to find en
couraging conditions pertaining to the
iron and steel industry. .
Although packer hides are active and
firm, tanners discriminate in favor of
late saltings, which is causing some
accumulation of the less desirable qual
ities. Imported hides are steady at the
recent decline, arrivals being promptly
absorbed.
Failures this week numbered 226 in
the United States, against 206 last
year, and 17 In Canada, compared with
seven a year ago..
Corn exports for the week aggregate
233.695 bushels, against 118,339 bushels
last week; 1,179,739^ bushels a year
ago. \
NEW YORK. May 27.— R. G. Dun &
Co.'s weekly review of trade to-morrow
will say:
Retail trade .is stimulated by season
able weather and the industrial trade
is brighter on the whole, although ad
verse factors have appeare". The big
dry goods auction sale opened with an
unexpectedly large attendance and
good prices were secured. It is par
ticularly gratifying to note that retail
ers rather than jobbers have made
most of the purchases, thus providing
prompt distribution ijito consuming
channels throughout the country- Man
ufacturing lines report a slight; im
provement at, woolen mills and shoe
factories, and while there is more idle
cotton machinery it is worthy of note
that the last Fall River statement
showed very little reduction in prices.
Railroad earnings so far reported for
May fall 3.3 per cent short of the same
time last year, but foreign commerce
at this oort for the last week shows
gains of $1,637,200 in exports and $649,
549 in imports.
In Canada failures were 14, against
11 last week, and 23 in this week a year
ago.
Wheat (including flour) exports for
the week ending May 26 aggregate 1,
: 132,157 bushels, against 1,225,763 last
' week; 4,677,678 this week last year.
.From July 1, 1903, to date they aggre
1 gate 125.992,511 bushels, against 204.164,
! S12 bushels last season.
NEW YORK, May 27.— Bradstreefa
to-morrow" will say:
The situation is father more irregu
lar. Distributive trade, stimulated by
better weather in some sections, has
improved, but is still behind a year
ago. Cereal crops, particularly winter
wheat, show improvement, but cotton
reflects drought, especially in the South
Atlantic States, while good reports
come from West of the Mississippi.
The industrial condition is hardly so
satisfactory, a tic-wing down % belng
noted in many leading industries; the
number of idle persons is growing and
unskilled labor shows in some sections
a lack of foresight and knowledge of
real conditions. Current railroad earn
ings continue to show declines from a
year ago.
The copper market has moved lower
this week, as has also lead.
Wool is dull and in hand-to-mouth
demand at Boston, New York and
Philadelphia, but is selling actively at
prices equal to or above a year ago
at the We3t, with one-half of the
spring wool clip reported sold.
Business failures in the United States
for the week ending May 26 number
1S4, against 215 last week; 181 in the
corresponding week of 1903.
CHICAGO. May 27.— Choking and
gasping and with eyes rolling with ter
ror, John A. Mahnken, accused . of
fraudulently identifying the body of
Mrs. Frank R. Greemvald, an Iroquois
Theater fire victim, in order to steal
her money, suddenly jumped to his 1 feet
in Judge Clifford's courtroom to-day
and pointed frantically at an imaginery
specter which he thought stood con
fronting him.
While the spectators looked in terror
the man frothed at the lips and waved
his arms wllflly in the air. He was
overpowered and thrown to the floor,
where it took half a dozen policemen
to hold him. Paroxysm after paroxysm
shook him, and he had to be manacled
and taken into an anteroom.
When quiet was restored Mahnken's
lawyer decided to let the case go to the
jury v.ithout argument. Almost imme
diately the twelve men filed back and
the foreman announced a verdict ,of
guilty. The technical charge against
Mahnken was perjury, and it was
proved that he had taken the body of
Mrs. Greenwald from a morgue and
had it buried as his aunt. His motive
was to gain possession of the $400 found
on the body.
CLAREMONT, May 27.— Harry Wil
lett, a student at Pomona College, was
shot'and seriously wounded early this
morning by an unknown man detected
by him in the act of setting fire to the
residence of Mrs. Helen G. Itenwick.
Willett, who has been sleeping in the
house while Mrs. Renwick's family is
at the sea shore, was awakened early
this morning by some person trying to
force open a screen door at the rear of
the house. Upon going to investigate
Willett saw a man In the act of cutting
the wire screen and thrusting through
the holr a bundle of oil soaked rags.
Willett watched the firebug for a time,
and when he saw him strike a match
to apoly to the rags he fired a shot at
the imruder. The man dropped the
match and springing back fired two
shots at Willett, both of which took ef
fect.. One bullet struck Willett in the
left' shoulder and entered the pleural
cavity. The other bullet passed through
the biceps of his left arm, breaking the
bone. The shooting attracted the atten
tion of officers and Willetfs cries
aroused the neighborhood. A search
was made for the firebug, but no trace
of him could be found.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LAS VEGAS, N. M-. May 27.— Jose
Tafoya and two other members of his
family, representing three generations,
have been buried in one grave. They
died from poisoning, and seven other
persons in the neighborhood have been
stricken.
Arsenic has been found in a barrel in
which . water for household purposes
was stored, but some of the victims
had not drunk any water from the bar
rel. In the case of one young man the
poison was traced to meat.
The Grand Jury has made an investi
gation, but has been unable to fix the
blame for the poisoning.
! HONOLULU. May 21.— More charges
; of embezzlement have been made
against employes of the Territorial
! Government. Thi? time the accused of-
I ficials are Edward S. Boyd, former
' Commissioner of the Land Department,
' and Stephen Mahaulu, the present chief
clerk in the Fame office. Both men have
I l.een arrested, their bail being fixed at
: $10,000 each. The amount of the alleged
1 embezzlement is stated to be $10,000,
; and may reach to nearly $20,000. Boyd
claims that the chief clerk is responsi
j ble. while Mahaulu • claims that the
! money was taken from time to time by
! Boyd. ...itllj.
Several errors in the accounts of the
I land office agents scattered throughout
; the Territory have previously been dit
i covered. In some cases the shortages
j have been made good, while in at least
! two rases the question of prosecution
• is still under consideration. This time
i the trouble exists in the main office
I of the Land^ Department In Honolulu.
Fpeclal Ccrrcsrcr.drnce of The (."all.
Armstrong, his brother Jim and half
a dozen members of their gang who
had boasted that they could not be
convicted in Gila County were taken
into custody one night by a party of
rangers, tied in a wagon and taken
overland to Florence, a distance of
100 miles. All of them were indicted
on severakcounts and Tom Armstrong,
the leader, was the first one brought
to trial. Acquitted on the first charge
by the evidence of men of unenviable
reputation, Armstrong and his ,inen
thought they were to be freed as be
fore, when the jury which tried him
on the second charge brought in a
verdict of guilty. The Livestock Sani
tary Board and Captain Rynning of
the rangers and his men, who have
been pursuing Armstrong, say that
they mean to send every member of
the gang to the penitentiary.
TUCSON, Ariz.. May 27. — Tom
Armstrong, who has lone boi^e the
title of "King of Arizona "Cattle
Thieves," has after four years of crim
inal prosecution been convicted of cat
tle stealing at Florence. Armstrong
is a former Sheriff of Gila County and
made his headquarters at Globe for
almost fifteen years. He came to
Arizona a fugitive from Justice under
indictment in both Texas and Okla
homa. He had previously served a
term in the penitentiary of the former
State for cattle stealing.
Special Dlypatch to The Call.
Industrial Condition Is Un
satisfactory and Number
.of Idle Men Increases
Charge of Fraudulent Identi
fication After IroqupisHor
ror Proved by Witnesses
I Former Commissioner of
department and Present
Chief Clerk Are Accused
Authorities in Las Vegas
Unable to Fix Responsi
bility for Probable Crime
tearing Attempt Is Made to
v Destroy the Home of Mrs.
H.G.Renwick at Claremont
Verdict Proves a Surprise
to Prisoner, Who Boasted
That He Would Be $et Free
MUST GO TO PRISON
JURY MAKES INQUIRY
ESCAPE OF INCENDIARY
I TWO ARRESTS ARE MADE
BATTLES WITH POLICE
Wounds Young Student Who
Shot at Him While He Was
Trying to Burn Residence
LABOR OUTLOOK IS DARK
Slight Improvement Noted
in Many Sections, but Sit
uation Is Still, Unsteady
Chicago Prisoner Who Eob
bed a Theater Fire Victim
Terrorizes the Spectators
IVople <»f the Southern 3le
tropolis Are Fond of the
Gulden State Vintage
WINKS IX NEW ORLEANS
— +-t
Abdol Hamid Abaza Is to
Come to California to Study
: Methods of Agriculture
Land Office Is Found to
Be the Source of Many
Financial Irregularities
Three Members of a New
Mexico Family Poisoned
and Other Persons May Die
Ex-Sheriff of Gild County
Convicted at Florence^ of
Charge of Cattle Stealing
SON OF EGYPT
IS INTERESTED
FIREBUG USES
HIS REVOLVER
BIG SCANDAL
RENDS HAWAII
GOOD WEATHER
REVIVES TRADE
SEES SPECTER
IN THE COURT
JURY BRANDS
HIM A THIEF
ARSENIC ENDS
THEIR LIVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,- MAY- 2S. 190J.
CHICAGO. May, 27. — The first straight car
load of California • cherries from Vacavllle,
Cal. for the season of 1904 was sold here to
day for ?::»¦><;;>. This Is one dav later than the
first car last year.
2
A Bad Stomach
Lessens the usefulness and mars the
happiness of life.
It's a weak stomach, a 'stomach that
can not properly perform its functions.
Among its symptoms are distress »rt»r
eating:, nausea between meals, heartburn,
belching, vomiting, flatulence and ner-
vous headache.
Hoods Sarsaparilla
Cures a bad stomach. Indigestion and
dyspepsia, and the cure is permanent.
Accept no substitute.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF TEE
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY. ON THE 313T
day of December, A. D. 1903, and for th»
year ending on that Cay. aa made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAU
Amount of Capital Stock, paid cp
U» Cash ._S375.000 0»
ASSETS. — =====
Real Estate owned by Company... $:>| coo 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... no <S2Z <X>
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 538,303 6'
Ca?h la Company's Office 9,3<?8 18
Cifh in Banks 53' -33 y^
Interest due and accrued un Bonds
and Mortgages 4 903 ,,
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 8^73 S7
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken -
for Fire and Marine Risks 102 837 4T
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance oa losses already paid. 132,330 21
Total Assets I034.736 23
LTABILTTTES. ====
Lorses adjusted and unpaid $44 071 83
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 2o!ss3 63
Groes premiums on Ftre Risks run-
Ding: one year or less, f ;
reinsurance CO per cent " ieo.7""' 4A
Gro«s premiums on Fire Risks run- "
sing more than one year. %
relnsumr.ee pro rata * 87B"9 5O
Du« to oth<-r Insurance Companies 14.tC~>t T\
AU other Liabilities 7.T7..... fc^fci Z;
Total Uabilltle« I509.3C2 IT
IXCOMK ¦
Net cash actually received for Fire
premium* .'.»...• 1471 e^ja 91
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mcrtgasea 4 2ta 41
Retelved for interest and dividends
on Ponds. Stccks. Loans, and
from all other sources id "3>1 At
Received for Rents II 4I755 "
*!flio ;«:
Total Income ;50ti.ISU us
EXPENDITURES. ~" ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including HM^ttO no. losses of
I previous years* $?2> !CU 45
Dividends to Stockholders is' 730 tw
Paid nr allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 3».<S7* at
Paid for Salajies. Fees and other
charges for ofncf rs. clerks, etc. . CJ3O <rt
Pa:d for State. National _a.! Local
tax*3 ;........ S.3U Wi
All other payments and cxpendU
tures I03.U7 31
Total Expenditures ........... $»>'..'>*> 22
FtTel
I>*s»s ir.iurred during the year... |Si:n.61O M
Risks and Premium*, j Fire Risk*, j Premium*.
Net axnrmnt of ft!*k*} '
writirn during the
v?ar t S310.S2G.2S3'$1.235.2C3Sl
Net amount of Rl*k*
expired during the
year <43.4flS.AKM l.:.l«>.T:>: SJ
Net amount in force
December 31. 1CKV... 15«.«!tt.U2! «7*.tCrt«a
~~ O«CAn RCPKKT*. Vl<» President.
JITUUA BAEPKCKB. Manager.
Sut»rr1b*O ar>! »worn to before nt, this 21st
day of Marcn.MWM.
" HCQ1I LITERIXG. V. S. Consul Ownl
WALTER SPEYER,
CENERAL ACE.\T,
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
225 Sansome St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
WANT ADS.
Gifts given to-day for Sunday
The SUNDAY CALL has over
85,000 circulation,! principally
in the homes; a QUANTITY,
and QUALITY that ASSURES
ACTUAL RESULTS.
Uke Our Circulation, These
Premiums Are Hig h^Class.
FREE TO > CLASSIFIED AD-
VERTISERS
IN SUNDAY EDITION.
ALCOHOL STOVES.
I^WvJ*iG» Many a man would bet-
H * er %° without lunch at all
B J^** than cat the hurried lunch
\^Jtft~^ which forms the noon-day
WJ|^Usg*IP- meal of niany a business
!gS||9W5f5?»S£ man. Hasty eating, foods
¦jiff HH^f j hard to digest, and nbtime
wifttjj Rr^ j allowed for digestion are
ilKy y "^jA ie caus e of many a case
ff^r <^x*"dl °^ stoniacn "trouble."
in iwlSl DUwse of the stomach
i?4». A will BcrioNsly threatens the
health of the whole body
Ci ndQH* P*W ant * s^ ou^ De promptly
idllllftfill Pil»i cnrcd - Dr. Piercers Golden
F?ltlill[ll[li llltJM Medical Discovery cures
" diseases _ of the stomach
and other organs of digestion and nutri*
tion. It enables the perfect assimilation
pf food and the proper nutrition of the
body on which physical strength depends.
"Nine or ten years «ro ray health became
rery poor, and in 1892 Was so far jjone that pood
doctor* pronounced my case the worst they had
ever treated,' writes Mr. Harvey Phipps ol
Florence. Ala. « I had acnte stomach trouble,
liver complaiat. catarrh and was nervous to *uch
extent I could not sleep. I finally got three
bottles of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
and some ' Pellet*.' Took them according to
directions on the bottles, and in a few day*
noticed a decided Improvement. I commenced
to j^t more rest at niRht and cotiM eat with
pleasure, where formerly food was like chins to
me. When I had used three bottles of the
> • Discovery ' I was a new man ; could eat mir.ee
pie for supper, jro to bed at seven P. M. and
sleep untiJ seven A. M. I am uovr working at
tny trade (carpentry), everv day in alt kind* ct
weather, aud think if I had not taken your
medicines I wouid now be under the *od."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cleanse
the clogged system from accumulated
impurities.
.rOSlXMA' D GRAPE-XCT&
MEATV BOOK
"THE ROAD TO
WELLVILLE"
Miniature copy in *
every pkjj. of
Postum and
Grape -IMuts -"The Government did what the dig
nity of the case required and with the
necessary promptitude," said M. Del
casse, "and we have the right and the
opinion of the whole world on our own
side."
grant the Embassador leave; to re
call him; or to suppress' the embassy.
The first seemed inadequate, the third
was excessive and so the Government
decided upon the second.
M. Nisard was instructed, if he
found the note to be authentic, or if
an explanation regarding it should be
refused, that he waa to quit Rome Im
mediately. The Embassador advised
the Foreign Minister that the secre*
tary of the Pope was saying that he
wanted time. Meanwhile, M. Delcasse,
having obtained proof of the authen
ticity of the note, telegraphed the Em
bassador that the Secretary of State's
attitude was equivalent to a refusal of
the desired explanation and that there
fore M. Nisard must regard himself
as recalled.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Captain John Cross, a railroad pro
moter of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
E. .W. Hale, the well-known Sacra
mento merchant, is at the St. Francis.
Dr. C. B. Hagar, a missionary of
Swatow, and daughter are at the Pal
ace.
Charles S. Stutt, a prominent mining
man of Colorado Springs, Is at the Pal
ace. ' ' V
Dr. W. S. Tinning of Martinez is at
the Grand.
W. O. Velth, a raisin grower of Fres
no, is at the Grand.
J. H. Russell, a contractor of Stock
ton, Is at ihe Grand.
PERSONAL.
APPROVES IHE RECALL OE NISABD
8AN JOSE, May 27.— Memorial day exer
cises were held at the State . Normal school
this mornlnpr by the faculty and students. A
tribute to the "Women of the Civil War" vu
paid by John E. Richards."
CAPE HAYTIEN, Haytl, May 27.—
After being Informed of the defeat of
the Dominican Government troops yes
terday at Esperanza,: the revolutionary
generals, Noney ' Cepin and Maurlcio
Jlminez, left Monte CristI, the head
quarters of i the revolutionists, and
marched on Dajabon with the intention
of dislodging from there General Epl-
NEW YORK, May 27.— The following
Calif ornians have "arrived at. the hotels:
From San Francisco — R. N." Foster,
A. W. Foster Jr., at the Imperial; C.
Robinson and wife, at the Continental;
E. C. Ward and wife, at the St. Denis;
Mrs. G. Whitney, at the Criterion; C.
C. Coxe, at % the Continental; * J. J.
Grant, at the Ashland House; C. A.
Stork, at the Grand Union; .Miss "A,
Tomson, at the Netherland; B. A. Bar
ker, at the Hoffman; W. McCall, at the
Astor House.
From Los Angeles— Miss G. Pease,
Miss J. F. Pease, at the St. Denis.
Callfornians ln New York.
REBELS PRESS
THE FEDERALS
SHANGHAI, May 27.— In view of
the fact that explosive mines are drift
ing about in the waters of the Liao
tung peninsula local steamship agents
have Instructed the captains of their
vessels not to traverse the danger zone
between the Shantung promontory and
the Malotao Islands during the night.
¦i i — ~ ; -4-
Ship Captains Directed to Keep Out of
Danger Zone.
FEAR OF DRIFTING MIXES.
General Guayubin will laave Santiago
de les Caballeros shortly at the head of
300 fresh 'troops.
fanio Rodriguez, the Government com
mander at that place.
Later details of the fighting at Es
peranza show that all the ammunition
and other supplies of the Government
forces fell Into the hands of the revolu
tionists. It is learned from an official
source that General Guayubin has been
appointed Dominican Minister of War,
in succession to General Raoul Cabrera,
who commanded the Government
troops at Esperanza yesterday, and
who died soon after the battle from a
wound received during the engage
ment, s
CHEFU, May 28, 12:30 p. m. — A
fleet of steamers arrived to-day from
Newchwang and reported that no
signs of the Japanese fleet or trans
ports were apparent on the western
coast of the Liaotung peninsula.
Everything at Newchwang was re
ported quiet. Two Japanese cruisers
are off Port Arthur to-day.
Xo Sign of Japanese Fleet or Trans
ports Is Apparent.
QUIET AT NEWCinVAXG.
TOKIO, May 27.— The following re
port has been received from Vice Ad
miral Togo:
"The gunboats Thuklshi, Heiyen,
AmagI and Chokai and the first tor
pedo-boat flotilla, under Captain Nlshi
yama, reached Kinchou Bay on the
evening of Wednesday. From dawn of
Thursday these vessels co-operated
with the army in bombarding Sucha
ton. The Amagi and the Chokai went
in close and bombarded all day. At 11
o'clock in the morning the enemy re
treated from Suchaton, but they con
tinued to lire from a position behind
Suchaton.
"Our casualties were ten. Including
Captain Hayashi of the Chokai, who
was killed."
NEWCHWANG, May 27 (morning).—
The Japanese estimate the strength of
the Russians about Port Arthur at 20,
000 men. The former have 50,000 men
at Kinchou.
Chinese continue to escape from Port
Arthur, but little reliance is placed on
their statements. They say food is
growing scarcer at Port Arthur and
there is good authority for saying the
Japanese believe they can starve out
the Russians In three months.
The Russians recently purchased 1500
Junks anchored here, shipping them
to-day to Tungchlngtsu, where they
will block the river to prevent the
produce of that section leaving. Fod
der is especially scarce.
Much contraband of war Is arriving
at this port. The French steamer
Bourbon landed €6,000 sacks of flour
to-day.
I A British cruiser at Chlngwantao is
awaiting Instructions from the Consul
here, who will not make any state
ment for publication.
¦ ' IN<";. May 27.— Work en a railway
that Captain J. R. DHamar's company started
d Croai III Batty Kill smt'.ter to one or
i - * n-.'.rvF was Ftopppil this rr.ornlns; by an in
junction Eccurr-d by Carl J«-nc. a local butcher,
¦who claims that the roaChcA Is bcln* built
r ••:-•:•• j •¦l-i!irs.
VERDICT ACQUITS IN
SCHAEFER MURDER CASE
Indiana Court Adopts Extraordinary
Precaution* Against an
Outbreak.
REDFORD, Ind., May 27.— James Mc-
Donald, charged with the sensational
murder last winter of. Miss Sarah
Echaefer, a Latin school teacher, was
acquitted by a Jury here to-day.
It was decided beforehand that the
courthouse bell would not be rung
when the verdict was returned for fear
that a mob might be formed. McDon
ald was brought into the courtroom in
a roundabout way.
CHICAGO, May 27.— A special to the
News from Chefu says:
Japan announces that the entire
coast 'of the Liaotung peninsula lying
south of a line between Pitzewo on
the east and Pulantien on the west
is in a state of effective blockade by
the Japanese navy. The declaration
says that the blockade will be main
tained. The blockade proclamation by
Japan throws the burden of proof on
vessels attempting to run the block
ade.
LONDON, May 27. — A cruiser now
e j'T'Toaching completion at a private
yard in England has been sold to a
French agrent, representing Russia.
Russia al^o recently purchased in Eng
land a number of fast cargo vessels,
which will he altered so as to enable
th«-m to be used as transports.
JYenrh Ajjent Makes Purchase of a
Warship In England.
RUSSIA BIVS A CRUISER.
Announcement Is Made That
Blockade Runners Assume
Responsibility.'
Captain of a Gunboat Is
Killed in the Harbor of
; Kinchou.
Contraband of War Arrives
in Very Large Quantities
at Xewcliwang.
ly would resent any Interference with
the duties of his offlce.
Brandenstein had said that Rogers
admitted there were about 400 appli
cants on the civil service list that had
not been examined and Brandenstein
thought that as four years had passed
it was high time that something was
done to rectify the conditions. As to
the remarks of Rogers he wanted that
gentleman to understand that the Su
pervisors were what the name Im
plied — supervisors — and that the
board Intended to supervise every
branch of the city government, eveil
Including the Civil Service Commis
sion.
CHICAGO, May 27.— Photographic re
production* of the spectra of the sun
and of the brightest stars is about to
be undertaken by Professor George E.
Hale, director of the Yerkes Observa
tory, on Mount Wilson, near Pasadena,
Cal. A grant of $10,000 from the Car
negie Institution a few months ago en
abled Professor Hale to build a Snow
horizontal telescope, with which instru
ment he expects to conduct observa
tions on Mount Wilson. The observa
tions are to continue one year and will
be under Professor Hale's personal su
pervision.
Will Be Studied With New
Instrument.
Spectra of Sun and Brightest Stars
ASTRONOMER TO WORK
ON A MOUNTAIN TOP
VICE ADMIRAL TOGO
REPORTS ON LOSS
AT BOMBARDMENT
CHINESE DECLARE
FOOD IS SCARCE
AT PORT ARTHDR
Alaska Democrats Indorse Parker.
TACOMA. Wash., May 27. — The
Alaska Democratic Territorial Conven
tion, held at Skagway Wednesday, in
dorsed Judge Parker of New York for
the Presidency, although the delega
tion to St. Louis goes uninstructed be
yond a direction that its members sup
port a conservative candidate. The
delegates elected are A. P. Swineford.
Ketchikan; L. L. Williams. Juneau;
W. E. Crews, Juneau; John W. Troy,
Skagway; George Murphy, Nome, and
Frank Bach, Douglas.
JAPAN'S WARSHIPS
PATROL THE COAST
OF THE PENINSULA
NEW YORK, May 27.— A sensation
was created in Cotton Exchange circles
to-day when the suspended firm of D.
J. Sully & Co. made a demand upon
the receivers now in charge of the
firm's business that they buy 190,000
bales of spot cotton for the firm's ac
count. D. J. Sully & Co. claim that
they were not notified by any of the
brokers that their cotton had been sold
out, and they therefore wish the re
ceivers to buy in 190,000 bales of actual
cotton. The present stock of spot cot
ton in New York does not exceed 70.000
bales, but on March 18, when D. J. Sul
ly & Co. suspended, the firm was long
of 190,000 bales. May contracts.
Claiming that they owed their Cotton
Exchange creditors nothing, the re
cently filed schedules made no mention
of these creditors.
Suspended Cotton Finn Asks That
190,000 Bales Be produced
at Once.
SULLY & CO. MAKE RIG
DEMAND ON RECEIVER
There was a wordy war over the
school fund, and when the board meets
to-day it will be renewed, for Presi
dent Roncovleri intends to stand out
for the amount to which he claims
the schools are entitled. The budget
does not allow as much by $108,000 as
he contends should be allowed.
There was quite a little passage at
arms between Supervisor Branden
steln and John W. Rogers, president of
the Civil Service Commission over the
matter of the appropriation for that
branch of the city government. Rogers
stated that the commission was re
sponsible to the people and he certaln-
This morning at 10:30 o'clock the
Board of Supervisors will pass to print
the budget for the fiscal year, and, ac
cording to the figures agreed upon,
there will be appropriations to the
amount of $7,3S4,836, and that will
necessitate the levying of a tax of
$1.2053. Every item was gone over last
night at the meeting of the board and
protests and requests listened to. From
the tone of the members of the board
at the conclusion of the meeting there
is little likelihood of any change being
made in the figures presented by the
Finance Committee except in the
amount apportioned to the Police De
partment and possibly the school fund.
As the matter stands now, and which
the board was not able to ratify last
night owing to the lateness of the
hour, the amounts apportioned will be
as follows:
For the Board of Pupbllc Works, $156,900:
for the Street Department $180.O10; repairs
to buildihss. $72,611; cleaning and sprinkling
utreets. $215.COO; general office expenses, $13.-
S00; clerk hire, $11,700; bureau of buildings,
$1500; cleaning and maintaining City Hall and
Hall of Justice, $47,105; bureau of streets,
$30,000; miscellaneous. $18,120; maintenance,
supplies, etc., $19,820; bureau of light and
water. $3970; divison of architect*. $18,900;
bureau of engineering. $64,420; Supervisors,
$44,4CO; nupplies and miscellaneous, $1>«2,11O;
same, $170,475; lighting streets and
public buildings. $320,000; the Mayor.
$14,700 Auditor's offlce, $30,900; A*s-
Ef-s*or's office. $05,200; Coroner's office.
$22,365; Recorder's office. $46,150; Tax Col
lector. $60,450: Treasurer. $14.8<>O; City Attor
ney $40,750; District Attorney, $37,400; County
Clerk, $107,COO; Justices Courts and Law Li
brary. $25.3S0; Judges of the Superior Court,
$4S,S00; Sheriff's office. $02,160; Police Court.
$25,200; Police Department. $960,714; new
harbor station. $15,000; Health Department
$211,000; City and County Hospital, $127,310;
department of electricity, $1)4,500; Fire De
partment. $S5C,650; department of elections
$147,000; civil service. $:{.'{. 700; firemen's re
lief and pension fund,, $20,000; school fund
$1,361,000; library. $C9.75O; park fund. $325.
500; bond redemption and Interest fund.
$628,336.
LOS ANGELES, May 27.— Thomas S.
Ingraham, first grand chief engineer of
the International Brotherhood of Loco
motive Engineers, dropped dead at his
desk In the convention of the brother
hood in this city at noon- to-day from
apoplexy. Ingraham, who was 69 years
of age, had been assistant and first
grand engineer since 1873. His home la
in Cleveland, Ohio, where his son now
resides. He also has two married
daughters living in Cincinnati. None of
the members of his family were with
him in Los Angeles.
CLEVELAND, O., May 27.— Thomas
S. Ingraham lived in this city and was
widely known. He had been connected
with the Brotherhood of Locomotive
Engineers for more than thirty years,
previous to which he was a locomotive
engineer. He is survived by a son and
two daughters.
A remarkable coincidence In eonec
tion woth Ingraham's death is the fact
that former Grand Chief P. M. Arthur
of the brotherhood died suddenly of
apoplexy, while attending a meeting of
the engineers at Winnipeg last year.
First Grand Chief Engineer of Broth
erhood Expires at Los Angeles.
DROPS DEAD AT CONVENTION.
TO CONSIDER
BUDGET TO-DAY
SEOUL, May 27. — The Gensan corre
spondent of a Seoul paper wires that a
body of 600 Russians with seven guns,
preceded by fifteen scouts, passed
Songchin and advanced to Tanchyon
yesterday. It Is further stated that
some hundreds of Cossacks with six
guns are at Kapsan. The correspondent
declares that the panic among the in
habitants is increasing and that the
country people are fleeing south and
west.
Koreans in the Kinchayon district,
south of Songjin, have destroyed the
local telegraph office and several miles
of wire. They had petitioned previously
that the line be removed, claiming that
its presence constituted the only rea
scn for the repeated Russian expedi
tions Into the district. No official ac
tion was taken, and finally the Koreans
resolved to destroy the line themselves.
Edwin V. Morgan, the recently ap
pointed United States Consul at Port
Dalny, has arrived here. He came in
by way of Fusan, traveling overland.
* i-
The Japanese legation has received
the following details of the attack on
Kinchou:
"The enemy built several covered
trenches around the fort and Nan Hill
and held the place stubbornly under
strong defensive works. Nevertheless,
after several attempts, the Japanese
finally succeeded in taking: the enemy's
position 1 by storm and in driving them
toward Nankuling. This severe fight
ing continued for sixteen hours. Ad
miral Togo telegraphs that a report
was sent to him by wireless telegraph
from the captain commanding the de
tached squadron, consisting of four
gunboats and a torpedo flotilla, to the
effect that the squadron reached Kin
chou Bay, and, co-operating with the
army, bombarded Nan Hill on May
26 and on witnessing our army oc
cupying the forts on the hill the
squadron withdrew from the scene of
action. The captain of the gunboat
Chokai was killed and nine others
were killed and wounded. The dam
age to the vessels was insignificant."
WASHINGTON. May 27. — Minister
Griscom cables the State Department
from Tokto that the Japanese have
captured Kinchou and are marching
southward. ¦
"I suppose," he adds, "that the lull
is due to preparations for a great bat
tel In the direction of Liaoyang."
The Mail's Sinmintun correspondent,
telegraphing under date of May 25,
declares there are only 2000 troops at
Mukden.
LONDON. May 23.— The Tokio dis
patch to the Associated Press and
Japanese officials' accounts are the
only detailed descriptions that have
yet reached London of the Japanese
victory at Kinchou. The victory is
hailed by the London press as estab
lishing, more certainly than did ths
operations on the Talu, the superior
ity of the Japanese on land as well as
by sea, since ln the case of Kinchou,
if not at the Yalu, the Russians had
ample time carefully to prepare their
positions. It appears that the con
clusive victory was immediately fol
lowed up, for the Post's Tokio corre
spondent asserts that the Japanese
have swept the Russians from their
defenses west of Talienwan. And if
the Telegraph's generally well-In
formed correspondent is correct, and
the Japanese are already nearing Port
Arthur, the Russians must have suf
fered a complete rout at Kinchou.
That the Russians were not only de
feated, but routed, would also appear
from the numerous captures of the
Russian artillery.
According to the Mall's correspond
ent, the Japanese Fifth division of
veterans, which is destined for the
storming of Port Arthur, has already
landed on the Liaotung peninsula.
The' Telegraph's correspondent at
Japanese headquarters, communicating
under date of May 26, says there is no
change In the situation of the first
army, but that there are frequent
outpost encounters.
. ..''Since Huy 16 small detachments of
Japanese have been moving toward
Haicheng.
. "Sinkhalien Pa?? is reported to be
occupied by the Japanese.
"A Russian patrol had a skirmish
on May 20 on the Hancheng road, with
one of the enemy's advance posts. One
Cossack was wounded.
"A continual landing of troops and
etores is proceeding at Pitzewo.
"According to information which re
cuiros verification, a force of 18,000
Japanese has been landed at Taku-
Fhan. together with several heavy
puns, each drawn by eighteen horses.
It is rumored that Korean soldiers are
accompanying the Japanese troops.
"A movement of Japanese troops
from Takushan to Salitzipudza is re-
. ported from Habalien, near which for
tification? .-ire building."
"Reconnoissnnces made on May 25
in the direction of Fengwangcheng
showed that a detachment of the Jap
snese vanguard was occupying Koud
menza Pass, near the village of Siad
lan, on the Liaoyang main road.
"Small detachments have taJcen up
r»<">sitions in the villages along the
Liaoyang road, between Koudmenw*
Pass and Saludjan.
Heavy Guns, Arrive at Tuku-hnn.
. ST. PETERSBURG. May 27. — Gen
eral Kuropatkin. under date of May
26. telegraphed the Czar as follows:
Eightre-n Thousand Japanese, With
«
3IOKE TUOOPS LANDING
The general staff, in view of the for
figTi news of the capture of Kinchou.
admitted that th«>re was little now to
•hinder a Japanese advance on Port
Arthur itself and that the actual siege
of Port Arthur had been begun in ear
nest. The Ftaff insisted, however, on
Ihe ability of the fortress to hold out.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 27. — Tha
news of the Japanese victory at Kin
chou was published on a Russian holi
day, the anniversary of the corona
tion of Crar Nicholas.
While there was little information
ln Government circles ressxdlns the
Russian defeat, the news caused the
celebrations to be shortened. Only a
brief sen-ice was celebrated in the
chapel, instead of the customary- lit
any, and the Czar spent the remainder
tff the day ln transacting business.
Judg^ny from its aspect St. Peters
burg .might be celebrating- a success
instead of a reverse. All the houses
ivere decorated and carts and street
rars were The crowds in
frftnt of the bulletin boards were
eJight.ly larger than usual.
All the news of the disaster to the
Jlusslan arms comes from foreign
sources and the papers are making: no
effort to snppreaa it. The authorities
ere without any news of their own. It
was rumored late to-night that Gen
eral Kuropatkln had telegraphed some
AetaUa direct to Minister of War Sak
liaroff, which will not be transmitted
to the Czar until to-morrow.
People in the Kinchayon Dis
trict Destroy the Tele
graph Line.
Japanese Legation at Wash
ington Gains More Infor
mation of Victory.
General Staff Admits That
Port Arthur Siege Is On
in Earnest.
Kuoroki's Fifth Division
Lands and Prepares to
Storm Port Arthur.
Indications Point to. a Decis
ive Victory for Japanese
at Kinchou.
Six Hundred Russians With
. Seven Guns Arrive at
Tanchyon.
Customary Services in St.
Petersburg: Dispensed With
Because of Defeat
Minister Griscom at Tokio
Sends a Cable to the State
Department.
KOREANS FLEE
FROM ADVANCE
OF COSSACKS
UNITED STATES
RECEIVES NEWS
OF THE FIGHT
CORONATION
ANNIVERSARY
IS SADDENED
LONDON SAYS
THE RUSSIANS
WERE ROOTED
DISASTER CLOUDS THE CZAR'S FESTIVAL
¦..-.¦¦ . • ¦ ¦ • - . 7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY, 28, 1904.
TOKIO, May 27 (5 p. m. ). — Subsequent reports received here indicate that the storming of
Nanshan Hill yesterday was a bloody affair. The Japanese first centered their fire on the Russian
batteries, in which work they were aided by four gunboats from Kinchou Bay. They succeeded in
silencing many of the enemy's guns. The Russians had constructed a series of trenches around the
hill on a terrace protected by wire entanglements and other such devices. The Japanese made ' a
series of rushes, but they were in vain. The deadly rifle and cannon fire of the enemy checked
them repeatedly.
Finally, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, the Japanese reformed and stormed the crest of the
hill. The Russians held to their position doggedly, and it was 7 o'clock in the evening before the
Japanese finally gnined possession of the ridge.
A Japanese officer of high rank made the following statement to-night:
"The Japanese, in attacking Kinchou and Nanshan Hill, had to fight against great odds.
The Russians were in full command of the strategical advantage? afforded by nature, and these
advantages were augmented by the newest inventions for defense. The forts on Nanshan Hill
were armed with heavy guns. The Japanese had only field guns, heavy guns being unavailable
on account, of the difficulties ©^transportation. Our army deserves great credit for having
driven the Russians from this stronghold; it was a feat previously considered to have been impos
sible. I fear*our losses have been heavy, but we have gained the strongest point barring our way
to the investment of Port Arthur."
TOKIO, May 28 (12 m.). — The Russians have abandoned Nantuanling and have been
driven from Sanchilipu. retreating toward Port Arthur. The Japanese have captured fifty cannon.
The Russians left 400 dead in the Kinchou-Nanshan fight. On the Japanese side* the killed and
wounded number 300. , •
The battle was resumed at dawn of Thursday. Three Japanese gunboats then entered Kin
chou Bay, and, in co-operation with the artillery on shore, shelled the Russian positions on Nanshan
Hill. A Russian gunboat in Talienwan Bay steamed close to the shore and shelled the Japanese left.
From dawn the batteries on both sides hammered away at each other. At an early hour the Japan
ese infantry moved forward, and at twenty minutes past 5 o'clock on Thursday morning they en
tered Kinchou, the Russians retiring to the south.
The fighting continued into Thursday night, the Japanese pressing to the south and storm
ing Nanshan Hill. They followed the retreating Russians through the southern hills.
The reports received here fail to cover the events on the Russian right. It is probable,
however, that the Russians have abandoned these positions. The Russian resistance at Nanshan
Hill was stubborn. The Japanese made a series of assaults before the Russians finally yielded
the position. The Russians abandoned this hill at 3 o'clock in the_ afternoon, retreating toward
Nanquanling, where it is understood a second line of defenses exist. The Russians may rally at
this line of defenses unless they have been disordered by the defeat at Kinchou and Nanshan.
The Russians had a series of mines planted at Tafangshen station, on the railroad, which
were exploded. The station was destroyed. The Japanese forces were under fire for sixteen hours.
The general staff here has received telegrams from the commanders commending the bravery and
fortitude of their men.
RUSSIANS FIGHT BEHIND INTRENCHMENTS ON A TERRACE.
Wednesday morning at 5:30 o'clock the Japanese attacked Kinchou, and for three hours
they had an artillery duel with the batteries on Nanshan Hill. The Russian gunners searched the
Japanese lines with their fire, but failed to inflict much damage. . s
DESPERATE CONFLICT BETWEEN ARMIES AT DAWN.
coast of the Liaotung- Peninsula there were no defenses whatever, except the force posted at
Kinchou.
This gap in the defenses was a fatal defect in the Russian position, and when it was perceived
the Japanese extended their right to the north and enveloping Kinchou and the Russian ex
treme right. The Japanese left also was extended to Wangchiatung, on the shore of Talienwan
Bay, and the center moved forward.
Continued From Fnge 1, Columns 4, 5 and 6.
JAPANESE TROOPS BATTLE
AGAINST ENTRENCHED SLAVS
AND WIN AFTER GREAT LOSS
California!!* in Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 27. —
The following Calif ornians are reg
istered here:
At the Vlllard— Edward Sale and
wife/ N. Abramson, N. H. Salz, William
R. Morton. R. A. Wise of San Fran
cisco. At the Raleigh— Mrs. A. H.
Burre, Miss Burre, Miss May Burre,
C. Lt. Adams of San Jose, A. P. Mor
row, Rob Walsh, Mrs. John R. Taylor,
Mrs. J. de Sepulveda of Los Angeles.
3
ADVERTISE2IENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Schilling's Best, so far as it
goes, means comfort and easf-
and economy.
Money back; at your grocer's.
H A MILLI0N HAF-PY AMERICANH
B d$*&- 1 "- CHILDREN are kept healthy with g
B • T^F^\m^ 'CASCARETS Candy Cathartic. Good la
If * jfflBBBBBLjBrSShfa^w" words spoken by their mamas for H
H fiHip«»WN "\«a CASCARETS to other raainaa have 21
P T&f£r^J& v>^ V IF mad8 CASCARETS successful until M
pj JE|y f* mm^^ X^lraf the sale now l3 OVER A MILLION p]
Eg >g^SM y' N, XSJ^^ BOXES A MONTH. Why do little R
Hft||||g/'^~J| V*r*»«r «*§»». fl folk3 llko CASCARETS? Because j|
B wllllr -S * »*'^^V r\$» j/) w ff OCKl — never Cfrlp nor aripe, but act B
m saKS^»aLrf0^*3&^ LafJ&JX oently. naturally, positively. Medl- H
I BSaV^^^ mmwM clnethat * child dislikes wl< not do |
H J r '&£$8&r ready to take CASCARETS. THE H
cj i / yWWiiKL. PERFECT HOME MEDICINE, ask £j]
H ''^SSBeSi&^^S ,-?**> * or tllem and are fcepi healthy al- II
if y^^ f T» oi cnUdaood 'a allraenta. Best Xor Ij
ij • / \\40&<L/_ *\ thQ Bowels. All druggists. 10c. 25c. §1
H I 50c- NoTer aold ln bulk. Genuine q
S3 V^^W^t M ablet Bt *mped C C C. Sample and H
H \^^ \ I /U I booklet free. Address «*]
m r V \ / / STERLING REMEDY CO.. M
<fl "They make mm IU 1 V/ / Chicago or New York. $J
I feet *• good," ¦ "¦* * ¦
I ANNUAL SALE-TEN MILLION BOXES I
| Greatest in the World « J
$|00 3^^ — s\
r^Xisniy U
fm. Good
\ f\ \ ¦ I __L^ S^
r- I ! T^ ¦ — — rr
i D \ \ $u "I for i King or \\
\ I t&/ 8ny Atnf "rtcan citizen,
I / Sf or •EJ'body else. Light.
<{ fa etrongly made. b\aAes
1 yr VE mud* of finest ett-el.
S }*¦ fvenl styles or han-
: 7, die*, including p^arl.
K Tour chance to get a
'A soo<i, dependable knife
5 J at a reasonable price.
P", X' RAZOUS as low as
/ $1.00. Larre vartety of
etandard makes and
style*. Fine line of
Cutlrry in all bigfc-
rra3e makes.
Tv.o bam Willlarr.i' 10c Shaving
Soap, 15c. Ilasor Strop* from 25c up.
SJaJl orders promptly filled.
That Min Pitts
F. W. PITTS, the rtationer,
1CXW MARKET ET.. above Powell.
3a n FYancSiieo.Decoration Day «t Del Monte.
Special round-trip tickets, $10. include)
railroad faro and two days' board at tha
famed Hotel Del Monte. Leave San
Francisco next Saturday or Sunday.
Throujfh parlor car to the hotel. Golf
links never greener and surf batnin* ta
AollShtful. •
$25.90 ttie Round Trip.
To holders of round-trip Eastern " tick
ets over any road, and their friends ac
companying, the Santa Fe will sell tick
ets to Yosemlte Valley and return for
325 »0.
The Santa Fe is best of all ways to
Yosemlte. passing directly through two
magnificent proves of the famous Big
Tree* without side ride or extra expense.
A«k at Santa Fe office, 641 Market »L •
CHEAP RATES TO YOSEMITE.
The 'tent city at "New" Santa . Crux will
Kivo Joy to thousands. It la well drained,
has every convenience. 1 ' and its attractions In
clude mammoth casino and bath*; pleasure
pier, surf bathing, novel water, sports', boa tins
lii-hlni,-. dally military concerts, nightly dances)
fine big tr*e and beach drives, and perfect
climate. For rpeclal excursion rates through
June, July, August and September, ask South
ern Pacific agents. •
A Wonderful Tent City.
The George B. Keane Twenty-third
District Senatorial Club was organized
last night at Saratoga Hall. Officers
were, elected as follows: .President,
Henry D. Byrne; vice presidents. /Wil-'
liam Altmahn, Joseph Gassner; re-'
cording and corresponding . secretary,
Samuel T.' Kohlman; financial secre
tary;. William J. Hennessy; treasurer,
William M. Conklin; sergeant at arms,
H. H. Ely. Resolutions were adopted
indorsing / George B. Keane, who,. is
Mayor Schrnitz's secretary, for State
Senator from this district. -Mm
Kcnne for Senator.
The. initial concert of the Howe Club
will be given at Native Sons' Hall on
Thursday, June 2^ The curtain will rise
at 8:15 o'clock and the programme will
be of a high order. An admission of 50
cents will be charged, and reserved
seats will be 25 cents extra. Chairs
may be reserved at Kohler & Chase's
on and after to-day.
Howe Clnb Concert.
The will of Jacob H. Sellers of the
fjm of Sellers Bros. & Co., who died
'on the 2 1st Inst.. was filed for probate
yesterday. It disposes of an estate
worth more than $250,000. The en
tire estate is to go to the four sons
and five daughters of the deceased.
The Kona are Frederick, Henry, San
lord and Arthur Sellers. The daugh
ters are Adele Feigenbaum, Minnie
Weil and Estelle, Jennie and Florenz
Sellers.
Leaves Estate to Children.
At the regular monthly meeting of
the board of directors of the Mer
chants* Assdcia,tlon held yesterday the
following officers were elected for the
ensuing year: President, Frank J.
Symmes; first vice president, Andrew
M. Davis; second vice president, Fair
fax H. Wheelan; treasurer, C. S. Bene
dict; secretary, L. M. King. Thirty
three applications for membership
were received during the month.
Elect Officers.
Tells How Reclamation Work Achieved
Favorable Results Through Ab
sence of Political Interference^,
The members of the Technical So
ciety of the Pacific Coast met yester
day morning. They first paid a visit
to the Union Iron Works, after which
they assembled at the Academy of
Sciences Hall, where papers were read
by John Richards on "Steam Turbine
Motors," Professor F. G. Hesse on
"Jet Pumps — New and Original Theo
retical Developments," and by Mars
den Manson on "The Reclamation of
a Mountain Swamp in Southeastern
Oregon."
- In the course of his remarks Mr.
Manson said:
The reclamation Is more than half done over
a total area of fifty square miles. The actual
dredffln* w»» begun the latter part of l£02
and has advanced constantly since with the
exception of periods when the Ice was too thick
for oD«ratln«c the dredge.
The cost of the excavating: had been 3 cents
a cubic yard for actual work and expense*,
charging: up half the cost of the plant
agn!n?t the entire work, the cost has been
4 12-1CO cents a cubic yard.
These favorable results were largely due to
the fact that there were no boards of trus
tees and self-constituted critics and advisors
to Interfere In any irtage of the work, and tha
political results In no way affected tht conduct
of the work.
If the far grander problems In Uw Sacra
mento and San Joaquln rivers and eWewhere
could be attacked under the same conditions
equally good results could be obtained.
In- the evening Franklin Riffle read
a paper on "Pipes and Joints for High
Pressure"; H. I. Randall read -a pa
per on "Vertical Railway Curves": M.
C. Couchot spoke on "Armored Con
crete Construction,' 'and J. J. Welsh
read a paper on "Experiments in Driv
ing Piles for a Foundation With a
Steam Hammer."
MANSON SPEAKS BEFORE
THE TECHNICAL SOCIETY
His Grace Archbishop Montgomery
made the announcement of the Judges'
decision and presented the handsome
trophy to the winning company. The
funds realized from the sale of tick
ets will be used to defray the expense
of fitting up the gymnasium and quar
ters of the organization on Market
street.
In the individual competitive drill
Sergeant Milo Kent of v Company A
carried off the honors.
After one of the most interesting
competitive drills ever held by the
First Regiment, League of the Cross
Cadets, the Colonel Edward J. Power
trophy was awarded to Company D at
the Mechanics' Pavilion last night.
Fully 50000 people witnessed the con
test. The victorious company was un
der command of Captain James E.
McCormick and Lieutenants L. Boland
and J. F. Foley.
The other competing companies. L,
B, N and A. were ably handled by
their respective officers and it required
considerable deliberation and figuring
by the Judges to arrive at a verdict.
Lieutenant Colonel Bolton . of the
Tenth Infantry. U. S. A.; Captain Phil
lips of the same organization, and
Lieutenant Hughes of the coast ar
tillery officiated as Judges, and Col
onel Charles Morris, U. S. A., of the
Presidio was the reviewing officer.
They all united In praising the work
of the youthful soldiers. S*.
The L«ague of the Cross Cadets
band was one of the most pleasing fea
tures of the eveninjr and under the
able leadership of Lieutenant Ernest
G. Williams rendered a number of se
lections in a manner that called forth
much applause. Company H, under
command of Captain F. Daly, covered
itself with glory by constructing: a
forty-foot" bridge in six minutes and
a half and taking down the structure
in less than five minutes. A aham bat
tle participated in by four companies
was most realistic and the mimic war
fare was thoroughly enjoyed by the
spectators. „
COMPANY D. LEAGUE OF
THE CROSS, WINS TROPHY
No one was better qualified to orga
nize the Manila department than Chief
Bonner. He has spent all his life fight
irtg fires and was with the New York
Fire Department from 1865 to late In
1899. The last big fire Chief Bonner
fought in New; York was the fatal
Windsor Hotel fire, on Mrch 17, 1899, in
which eighteen persons lost their lives.
Before I arrived at Manila arui took chars*
the Filipino method of fire fighting consisted
of letting U»* fire eat itself out. Therefore
when our department got to working: with
American methods the natives were astonished.
The first American firemen were the regulars,
under the provost marshals. We have now
at Manila all the latest Improvements In the
flre fighting line In general use In the United
States. One-half the force are native Filipinos
and the remainder, including: the officers, en
gineers and drivers, are Americans.
Among those that arrived on the Si
beria yesterday morning was Hugh
Bonner, chief of the Manila Fire De
partment and former chief of the New
York Fire Department. Chief Bonner
is returning for a well-earned rest and
intends to Inspect the departments of
all the large American cities, commenc
ing with San Francisco., in order to
note the latest improvements.
Speaking of the Manila department
Chief Bonner said:
Manila's Fire Department.
"I made up my mind years ago,"
said Muir yesterday, "that there was
no land fairer than North America. 1
determined to make Its acquaintance.
I studied* it for thirty-five years, and
when I left here a year ago it was not
that I had exhausted North America,
or that I was tired of it. I wanted to
test a few of the theories evolved dur
ing a long term of intimate study.
"When I got to Shangha.1, however,
and found myself alone, the wander
lust was in my bones. I took a globe
and had a long gloat over the names
of places I had often dreamed of vis
iting. Then I commenced to travel."
Where other travelers find good, bad
or indifferent hotels, Muir found
mountains and trees which he greeted
in every land he visited as old friends.
He found the heat of India oppressive,
but in the Himalaya Mountains real
ized a long-cherished dream. The
action of ice, he says, Is the same all
over the world, and in the Himalaya
glaciers he found more old friends.
His principal quest In India was the
deodar tree. After much traveling he
found what he describes as a "grand
grove" at Agra, but was greatly dis
gusted at learning that the owner of
a house situated within full view of
the trees knew neither their name nor
their fame. V-*'-'
"The cedars of Lebanon" are of the
deodar family, and* in Egypt Muir met
some more tree friends. He was tnter 7
ested In Egypt at the excavations
• which he says are being conducted
with scientific skill and on a stupen
dous scale. •
Cholera barred the traveler's way to
Cairo, so he journeyed to Ceylon for
a glimpse of the primeval forests of
that part of the world.
It was In New Zealand that he made
the most wonderful finds. The flora
of that land, he says, would make a
dead botanist rise In his * grave.- He
also visited the forests of Luzon,
which he found wonderfully rich. "It
was a grand journey, but I'm glad to
get home," he said after describing
the . wonders he had seen. President
Roosevelt learned of Muir's contem
plated travels when they were together
in the Yellowstone. The President
gave the botanist a . letter addressed
to army and navy officers introducing
Muir and stating that any favofs"ex
tended the botanist would" earn" the
personal appreciation of the President.
He left here in company with Pro
fessor Sargent and Sargent's son, In
tending to visit Siberia and study the
geological formation of the land. The
trip through Russia proved arduous.
Heavy tea drinking wearied the bot
anist's Stomach, and at Shanghai hu
said good-by to his companions and
started out on his own account.
John Muir, the famous botanist and
familiar friend of President Roosevelt,
arrived yesterday on the liner Siberia
and ended the journey he commenced
when he left here a year ago on the
Presidential train. Since he was last
in San Francisco the famous moun
tain climber has visited Russia, China,
Japan, India, Egypt, Australia and
New .Zealand. . . .
Among the. passengers that arrived
on the Siberia from Honolulu yester
day were Captain Glen Collins, for
merly of the Queen's Own Cameron
Regiment, and his bride of a few
weeks. They were i married in Mon
terey a month ago and departed on
the last, steamer for the Orient. A
week' ago in Honolulu, however, a
buggy in which Mrs. Collins was rid
ing overturned and she was thrown to
the ground and dragged for some dis
tance. /Although her injuries were
slight Captain Collins decided to aban
don their proposed trip to Japan and
prepared for Immediate return to this
city. Captaln'and Mrs. Collins are
registered at the St.' Francis and will
leave in a few days for London.'
Lieutenant Commander W. ,W. .Bu
chanan of the navy, who. arrived here
yesterday from the. Orient, has .been
appointed executive officer of the new
! battleship Ohio. "'"
. .. B. C. Colver of the , Scripps-McRea
syndicate of newspapers was also one
of the passengers on the Siberia. He
was with a number of other news
paper representatives when the Jap-
Captain Glen Collins and Bride Re
' turn From Honolulu on Siberia.
War matters in the Orient or national
or political subjects he declined to dis
cuss. He is accompanied by Lady
Treves and his daughter, Mrs. Delme-
Radcliffe. who Is the wife of Colonel
Charles Radcliffe of the British army.
During his sojourn In India he and his
family were the guests of honor of Lord
Curzon, Lord Kitchener and the Maha
rajah of India.
Distinguished attention was also
shown him in China and ~Japan. He
was received here by Dr. T. William
White, professor of surgery of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. Mrs. White
accompanied the professor. They will
all journey East together. Sir Frederick
will be the guest of Dr. White in Phila
delphia.
Both Lady Treves and her daughter
are charming women. Mrs. Radcliffe
Is a remarkable type of English beauty.
They both expressed themselves as de
lighted' with their tour and were loud
In their praises of San Francisco as
they saw it from the bay.
-Dr. Ellin wood of the Cooper Medical
College went to the Siberia to greet
Sir Frederick and invited him to visit
the college, which invitation Sir Fred
erick said he would be glad to accept.
ABANDON ORIENTAL TRIP.
I spent ault<» a time in India, in China and
Japan, and was naturally greatly impressed
with those countries. They mast be seen to
be understood. I rhall remain h»re in this
city until Sunday and then we will go to the
Yuaemlte Valley. Calaveras bl* trws. Yellow
stone I'ark and thence on to Philadelphia.
A'ter a few weeks' visit in your principal
Kaxtern cities we shall return to my home
in London.
I left London last October and have been
making this trip for recreation, instruction
and pleasure. I have never been In California
before, but I am very Rlad to b4 here now.
¦\Vr-at a marniflcent bay you have, and what
ilorious weather. •
In speaking of his tour he said
Among the most eminent of the pas
sengers on the Siberia was Sir Fred
erick Treves, Bart., K. C. V. O., and
K. C. B., who is making a tour of the
world.
Sir Frederick is one of the most dis
tinguished of England's surgeons. He
was brought into prominence by the
successful operation he performed \ipon
King Edward for an attack of appen
dicitis in June, 19<£, whereby the
King's life was saved.
j He has been sergeant surgeon to the
King since 1901. He was surgeon ex
traordinary to the late Queen during
1900-1901, and was knighted in 1001. His
publications have been numerous and
are highly valued in the medical world.
He is a man of commanding mein, of
distinguished appearance and of high
bred, affable manner.
Another passenger of note on the
Siberia was Major S. C. Radcliff of the
Thirty-third Burmah Regiment, who
is on a leave of absence and en route
to England. He i3 registered at the
Palace.
J. H. Lewis, a steamship owner of
Hongkong, came in on the Siberia and
is staying at the St. Francis. It was
one of hisj vessels, the Hainong. that
was chartered by the -London Times
as a dispatch-boat and afterward or
dered away from Port Arthur by the
Russian Government
anese Government bottled them up in
Tokio at the beginning of the war and,
becoming disgusted with the situation,
he made his retreat across the Pa
cific to this port. He is registered at
the St. Francis.
CARRIAGES AND FLAGS.
When the Slocum arrived ._ at the
Unfortunately, for the dignity and
perfect order of the reception a cus
toms officer permitted' some of the
strangers to come down the gangplank
to the deck of the tug and then order
ed them back again that they might
be thoroughly identified before landing
on American soil. /Owing to a strong
tide and the stiff breeze it was almost
two hours before the tug could be
brought safely alongside the massive
Siberia, but when the quests were
once aboard the Slocum the run to the
transport dock was. made with little
delay. During the run the committee
men assured the .visitors that the peo
ple of San Francisco, of California, and
of the nation were anxious to bid them
a hearty welcome to American shores.
The Filipinos are for the most part
men of mature years, and many of
them showed streaks of gray in their
closely cropped hair.
The Slocum left the dock at 9 o'clock
and hovered in the stream for more
than two hours: When, finally, a sig
nal showed that the doctors had fin
ished their Inspection of the ship, the
Slocum approached to bid the guests
a welcome. Long before the commit
teemen were within hailing distance
they were busy with Bea glasses, try-
Ing to descry their guests. Suddenly
a bright bit of ctrlor loomed above the
deck. It was Senora V. Matta, gowned
in a Parisian creation of crimson, a
belle of the Orient She smiled to those
aboard the tug and soon the committee
had discovered the country's guests.
SIGHTING THE GUESTS.
Major Devol, chief of the transport
service, tendered the committee the use
of the Slocum and wan a. splendid host
for the party. Governor Pardee and
Mayor Schmitz had been asked to be
present, but they failed to appear.
Those present were: George C. New
hall, who went as president of the
Chamber of Commerce; Frank J.
Symmee, president or tne Merchants'
Association; A. Sbarboro, president of
the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association; N. P. Chipman. president
of the California State Board of Trade;
M. Greenebaum, a leading merchant of
this city; Collector of Customs Strat
ton and his deputy, William Hamil
ton. — ¦"¦ - •¦ - ¦¦- ¦-,'-'
Long before the Siberia hove into
port the wharves were thronged with
the distinguished gentlemen of the re
ception committee, whose pleasure it
was to extend a formal welcome to the
country's visitors. -,\
When the great steamship Siberia
came into port yesterday with forty
seven of the most distinguished citi
zens of the Philippines, aboard, the
event marked a picturesue and impor
tant era in the history of the United
States, for the strangers are the coun
try's guests of honor from afar.
During their sojourn in America they
will be shown the wonders that genius
and industry have reaped from the il
limitable harvest fields of modern
achievement, and as guests of the
country at the St. Louis Exposition
they will be shown object lessons from
the workshops and fields of all the
earth; they will meet the world's mas
ter minds and will see the handiwork
of cunning artisans from all quarters
of the globe, displayed for the enlight
enment of mankind.
So it was a fitting prelude to their
to^ur of research and education that
San Francisco should welcome the vis
itors with that hospitality due the
stranger in a country to which he is
bound by ties of commerce, by political
allegiance and by common interests,
<*ven though the people and the land
are foreign to his mode of life and to
his associations beneath tropic suns.
The committee from the Orient is
comprised of men of renown. Their
achievements have made them lead
ers in their native land, and there is
no doubt that they will return rich
in experience.
Trinidad H. Pardo de Tayera of Ma
nila has been a member of the Phil
ippine Commission ever since 1301. He
was educated in Spain and in France,
and is a skillful physician and diplo
mat. Benito Legarda is also a mem
ber of the United States Philippine
Commission and a graduated lawyer.
He wa3 vice president of the Con
gress that ratified the constitution of
the Philippine republic. -He speaks
English lluently.
Jose R. de Luzuriaga is also a mem
ber of the Philippine Commission, and
Cayetano S. Arellano has been Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the
Islands ever since 1900, and throughout
the list one will find men whose work
has made them prominent, fit repre
sentatives of their country at a fes
tival of the world's commerce and acts.
One. of the most interesting persons
in the commission and one of the
most modest passengers on the Si
beria is Lieutenant General Trias, for
merly, second in command to Aguin
aldo.
General Trias was a capable officer
and carried out his superior's orders
with a skill which showed . him a
strategist.
He was active all through Aguin
aldo's campaign, both against the
Spaniards and the Americans.
MEN AKE LEADERS.
A. W. Ferguson and wife. Master A, Fer
guson. W. Matta and wife, J. Araneta. E. La
zuriaga, R. Ramos. V. Noel, T. Arguellas. J.
de l^>on. J. J'ir.ier.tU. A. Uamos, M. Trias,
Benlto Legarda. Mrs. H. Legarda, V.
Xopomuceno, C. de / Leon, J. Ri
vera. A. Rocfs. M. M. Kamlrez. T. H.
I'ardo de Travera, Masters C. and A. de Tra
vera. Mrs. C. l'rleto and child. Captain T.
Hanlmann an.J wifo, T. G. del Rosario, P.
Lescas*. M. de Iriarte, S. Luz, R. V. Oenato,
B. rioxas. J. de Loyzaga, Dr. M. O. Martinez,
J. Ortejra, J Villamos. J. Aflovilli. E. de lea
Santo*. M. Calleja. J. Summerlung, A. de Cas
tro Jo«e. Albert II. Rimun'io, V. Llamos, L,.
Novenario. «. Gomez. J. Reyes, M. R. Gonato,
A. R. Mendoza. Jope R. de Lzuiiaga, M. H.
IJaurlsta. A O. Ramos.
Those who compose the party are
wharf a line of carriages was in wait
ing, each carriage being decked with
American flags. In these the guests
were driven to the Palace Hotel, where
every preparation had been com
pleted for their entertainment and
pleasure. To-night a banquet will ba
tendered to them and San Francisco
.will exert herself to make the stran
gers within her gates feel at home.
They will remain here until Wednes
day and various trips are planned by
the reception committee, among them
a ride to Mount Tamalpais, an ex
cursion around the bay and a trip to
the vineyards at Asti at 7:30 a. m.
on Sunday.
It was while on a visit to her broth
er that Miss Carl met the Empress of
China. Miss Carl is a friend of Min
ister Confer, who stands high in the
esteem of the Empress. As her
brother's sister and as Minister Con
or's friend. Miss Carl found easy ac
cess to the palace. The Empress is
an artist of some skill, and in art the
two found a mutual interest and their
acquaintance ripened into something
e? near as intimacy as possible under
the circumstances. The Empress con
sented to sit to Miss Carl for a por
trait and the masFive box in the Si
beria's hold contains the canvas to
¦u-Hlch MIfs Carl transferred in oil the
features of her imperial friend and
eister artist. The painting of the pic
ture occupied two years.
It was carried from Peking to Woo
Fung on a railroad built for the pur
pose at an expense of 250,000 taels. It
v.as placed on the Siberia at Shanghai.
Shen Xang Hoo, who war. Civil Gov
rrnor of the Tungyung C'rcjit, Chili
Province, during the Boxer troubles,
was appointed custodian of the por
trait. Accompanied by his secretary.
Law Chan Poo, he arrived yesterday
on the Siberia and will leave in a few
days on the train that carries the
picture to St. Louis.
Shen Nang Hoo speaks no English,
but would like to, and is so genially
interested in everybody he meets and
everything he see?., that he !s over
working Law Chan Poo, who is also
his interpreter, and who speaks Eng
lish like a Londoner.
The Chinese people, it is said, do not
altogether approve of the. picture's
lraving China, and fears are expressed
that in sending the counterfeit fea
tures of their Empress to a. foreign
land an invitation is extended to the
pods to visit death upon the rash orig
inal of the portrait. The picture,
l:<nvever, is insured for $40,000.
Largest and most interesting of any
'package in the hold of the liner Si
¦ beria, which* arrived yesterday from
the, Orient, was the gold-framed por
trait of the Dowager Empress of
China. The frame measures twenty by
ten feet, and the massive case in
which it is packed is of much greater
dimensions. The picture is going in
bond to St. Louis, where it will be the
ftar feature of China's exhibit. At
the close of the exposition the work of
art will be presented, in the name of
the original of the portrait, to the
American people.
The portrait was painted by Miss
Kate Augusta Carl, an American
artist, who was born and raised in
the South. Miss Carl's maternal
grandfather was a surgeon in the
British navy. w ho resigned his com
mission and emigrated to Canada. Her
mother was a cousin of Lady Hart,
end her father a nephew of Baron von
Humboldt. Miss Carl's brother holds
en official position under the Chinese
fiovfrnment and is one of China's
commissioners to the St. Louis Expo
sition.
John Muir Ends Year
of Journeying in
Many Lands.
Eminent Men From Orient Are Welcomed
by Committee of Prominent San
Franciscans.
Surgeon Whose Operation Saved King Ed
ward Reaches This City on
Way to London.
Gold-Framed Exhibit
Is China's Star
Attraction.
SOME OP THE DISTINGUISHED TRAVELERS THAT ARRIVED FROM THE ORIENT YESTERDAY OX THE PACIFIC MAIL COMPANY'S BIG LINER SIBERIA.
Governor Carter has before him upon
his return to Honolulu the duty of
making a large number of appoint
ments, and it is to consult with the de
partment concerning these that is the
main object of his visit to Washington.
He is enthusiastic about affairs m
the islands, and particularly about the
local government's financial showing.
He thinks, however— and Is armed with
the figures to prove the Justice of hia
opinion— that the amount of Govern
ment financial assistance to the island
Territory is smaller than Hawaii's con
tributions to the national treasury
would Justify. He says that only by
practicing the most rigid economy has
his administration been able to make
both ends meat, and as part of this
economy has been the reduction of
school teachers' salaries he expects to
convince the department of Hawaii's
right to a financial lift.
George Carter. Governor of Hawaii,
arrived here yesterday, a passenger on
the liner Siberia. Accompanied by Mrs.
Carter, the Governor Is on his way to
Washington, and will later attend the
Republican convention at St. Louis. W.
G. Hoogs of Honolulu, who was also
on the Siberia, is the Republican dele
gate to the convention from Hawaii,
and with Governor Carter will officially
represent the South Sea Territory at
the convention. About nine other
prominent Hawaiian politicians will
also attend.
Empress Dowager's
Famous Picture
Arrives.
Comes as Delegate
to the Republican
Convention.
Hawaii's Governor Is
Passenger on
Siberia.
DISTINGUISHED FILIPINOS REACH SHORES OF AMERICA
AS GUESTS OF THE NATION AT THE ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY - 2S, 1904.
NEW YORK. May 27.— Charles H. Schlacks
has been appointed vice president of the Den
ver and Rio Grande' Railroad Company to
euoceecd Russell Harding', who resigned in
order to devote bla whole time to the Mis
souri Pacific.
4SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, May 27.—
Louis Scarrone, an Italian violet gar
dener, aged 42 years, committed sui
cide here this morning by shooting
himself In the head. He went out to a
barn with a shotgun, tied a string to
the trigger of the gun, fastened the
other end of' the string to, his toe,
placed the muzzle of the gun against
his head and fired. He leaves a wife,
two girls and two boys. Brooding over
defeat in litigation with a former part
ner is thought to have unbalanced his
mind.
Violet Gardener Commits Suicide.
SAN BERNARDINO STRIKERS
MUST APPEAR IN COURT
Thrir Right to Erect a Tower Over
looking the Santa Fe Yards Forms
Basis of a Citation.
SAN BERNARDINO, May 27.—Mem
bers of the local machinists' union,
now on strike, are being served with
a summons from the United States
Court at Los Angeles to appear June
".and establish their right to erect a
tower overlooking the Santa Fe yards
from which they now view the shops
by means of a telescope and photo
graph the inclosure with cameras.
The watch tower is erected on private
property overlooking the Santa Fe
chops, from which the strikers gain
information as to what is going on
¦within the stockade.
Charter of Redlands Is Filed.
¦SA NBERNARDINO, May 27.— The
charter for the city of Redlands, this
county, has been filed with the County
Recorder. There will be no special
election, as the matter Is to be referred
Xo the voters at the general election in
November.
Trades Unions Start a Store.
STOCKTON, May 27.— The local trade
unions propose starting a merchandise
store and grocery by subscription.
The Idea ia that the amount sub
scribed will entitle the subscriber to
stock to the amount of the subscrip
tion.
SAN BEKNARJDINO, May 27.—
Henry Wallace and Burt Hammesley,
who were working in a mining camp
near Dale, in the desert portion of thiB
county, discovered three skeletons
bleaching in the fun fifty miles east
of Dale. The skeletons were lying
¦within 200 feet of each other. There
was no mark of violence about any of
the skeletons, and the supposition is
that they are all that is left of pros-
I>ectors who lost their way and died
in the desert. The bones were given
a decent burial, the place being mark
ed by a little mound of stones like
those that mark many other graves In
the desert.
<;rr\vsome Discovery Is Mndr by Min
or* Working in a Camp Fifty
Miles East of Dale.
IIND THREE SKELETONS
RLEACHTNG IN DESERT SUN
REDDING. May 27.— E. B. Bain
fcridge, just relieved from duty as pa
trolman In this city, was to-day, by
& decision of Judge Head of the Su
perior Court, awarded a strip of A.
A- Anthony's barn. The strip is ten
feet wide and seventy feet long, and
Balnbridge really does not know what
to do with it. The men owned .ad
joining lots. Anthony claimed ten feet
more than his fence boundaries showed,
and notwithstanding a protest from
Balnbridgft built a 40x70 foot barn on
his lot. taking in the ten feet in ques
tion. The matter went Into court and
to-day Bainbridge was given Judg
ment, nnd by law the ten feet of barn
built by Anthony Is his.
Etructure I* Built on Hi* Lend by
• Neighbor With Whom He Had
a Dispute.
COURT AWARDS SECTION
OF A BARN TO LITIGANT
It was Emil Tschuonl's unlucky even
ing, for after running his automobile
into Michael Holdback at Pine and
Kearny streets he ' went up to the
Olympic Club and lost the amateur
lightweight wrestling championship,
that he had struggled oft and vigor
ously to win and to hold.
In the court of Judge Mogan yester
day Michael Holdback told of how he
had been struck by the chew-chew
machine steered by Mr. Tschuonli A
street magician was oratorlcally claim-
Ing that the quickness of his hand de
ceived the average naked eye, and as
Mr. Holdback prided himself on being
exceptionally sharrf^f vision he paused
to test the prestldigitateur's assertion.
While thus engaged, with optics riveted
upon the dexterous hands of the wizard
and ears temporarily suspended from
duty, he was struck amidships and
from behind. So violent was the im
pact that a moment lapsed before he
fully realized what had happened, and
when he had pulled himself together,
estimated his injuries and investigated
the defendant's conduct he felt that
the issuance of a warrant charging
battery would be Justifiable. So he
caused It to be issued.
Mr. Tschuoni explained that if the
complainant had not been so absorbed
In the exhibition of, manual dexterity
he would have heard the warning toot
of the auto and sidestepped the onset.
But even as it was, the prostration of
Mr. Holdback might have been averted
If the duplex eccentric regulator of the
machine's motive power had not sud
denly and unaccountably balked when
summoned to simultaneously reverse
the action of the port driving rod and
apply the starboard brake.
Judge Mogan, who is somewhat
versed In automobiling, has taken tht»
case under advisement* until he can
consult a select committee of profes
sional chauffeurs as to the advisability
of admitting the technical portion of
Mr. Tschuonl's defense to the record.
He will give the case another inning
next Friday.
• • •
• • •
Roy Downs' bicycle ride along Mar
ket Btreet was uneventful so long as
he remained "the man behind" a wagon
steered by Barthold Michaels, but when
he tried to get ahead of that vehicle
there was something doing. He says
that as he was passing the wagon
Michaels tacked the horse, with the re
sult that the wheel was upset and Its
rider almost deprived of an ear.' Mr.
Michaels was arrested and will state
his case on June 1 in the court of Judge
Mogan.
Daniel Collins had no license to sell
Intoxicating liquors when he was ar
rested- for doing so in a saloon at the
Presidio, and Judge Fritz fined him $50.
A. Racomml, who sells wine at 3020
Twentieth street, dropped around to the
fruit store of his compatriot, Joe Fredl
ani, at Twenty-first and Florida streets,
for the double purpose of paying an
overdue party call and discussing the
latest political tidings from Italy. Just
what Signor Racommi said or did to
provoke Signor Fredianl's ire has not
been disclosed, because Signor Racom
mi is in a hospital and Signor Fredianl
is reserving his statement for June 2
before Judge Mogan. Signor Racom
mi's injuries consist of a badly battered
head and a severely bruised knee cap,
inflicted, it is alleged, with a beer bot
tle wielded by Signor Frc-dlanl.
Judge Fritz thanked "S. Clark, an
insurance agent, for the pains he took
to have John Louis Lasalle properly
punished for cruelty to a horse.
"If there were more citizens like
you, Mr. Clark," said his Honor,
"there would be less work for us
magistrates, because persons of the
stamp of this defendant would hesi
tate to break the law when there is no
policeman in sight."
Mr. Clark was buggy driving on
Thirty-fifth street when he saw Lasalle
brutally beating a" led horse and his
request that the brutality cease brought
upon him a storm of epithets. So he
had the fellow arrested and neglected
his business to prosecute the case to
a finish. He had the satisfaction of
seeing Lasalle fined $10.
Six small boys, accused of stealing
and imbibing part of a ten-gallon bar
rel of claret from a store on Bernal
Heights, were ably defended in Judge
Mogan's court by. their mothers, who
swore that not one of the defendants
was guilty of the theft.
"While I don't believe you, I can
hardly blame you," said his Honor,
"for the mother who would not stretch
the truth to save her son from im
prisonment for larceny would be as
unnatural as . the neglectful mother.
The case Is continued for one week,
and I would hint that In the meantime
the complainant should be paid for the
wine stolen from him."
The "hint" • was apparently appre
ciated by the matrons who filed in
procession out of court
Matt Larsen was drunk and running
amuck on Market street when Police
Sergeant Patrick Shea,, known alsa
as "the Adonis of the Southern sta
tion," leaped from a passing streetcar,
and, after a sharp struggle, arrested
him. Mr. Larsen appeared in court
with a black eye, but Sergeant Shea's
facial beauty was not impaired by the
encounter. Judge Fritz will pass sen
tence this morning.
"I object to further continuance of
this case," shouted the eloquent and
able counsel. "Day after day my lady
client has been dragged away from
her household duties to appear in this
court "
"Dragged, eh?" interrupted his
Honor Mogan. "Nice way that to
treat a lady. Who dragged her?"
The eloquent and able counsel ex
plained that he did not mean
"dragged" in its literal sense, but. as
the term is colloquially used.
"You relieve me very much," was
'the court's serious rejoinder! "But
TACOMA, Wash., May- 27.— W. a
Brummett Is dead as the result of re
6iBting Town Marshal Sturdlvan, who
was trying to arrest him at Llnd Mon
day nighl Brummett while intoxicated
had taken possession of a local sa
loon, and after he had chased two men
out end across the street at the point
of a pistol. Marshal Stunilvan went to
the saloon to arrest him. Brummett
Immediately shot at Sturdivan, the
bail taking effect in the officer's hand.
Eturdlvan returned the fire, one ball
•trlklng Brumxnett in the groin. An
ctaer bullet inflicted a flesh wound In
the «lde of Jacob Koch, a bystander.
It waa thought at first that Brumraett
was not dangerously Injured, but he
died last night. Stardivan shot In
eelf-defense and is held blameless.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
Frank L. Coombs, the legal adviser
of the board of directors of the home,
took a proper receipt for $1000 paid by
the treasurer of the home to the
guardian of McDonall.
The business of exploiting accumu
lated pensions is a new industry In
Napa County and is engaging the at
tention of the rawest politicians. The
Interest shown by leading lights of
the Democratic party Is surprising.
The story is current that the canteen
at the home was abolished by Demo
cratic wire pulling to give the liquor
business to the saloons of Yountville.
Ultimately all the State homes for the
care of old soldiers will be closed and
the veterans placed in national homes.
It is the opinion of leading men of
the Grand Army that the closing of
the home in this county and the trans
fer of all the veterans to Santa Monica
will be hastened by the zeal of local
politicians who are scrambling with
equal enterprise for the pensions of
the living and the estates of the dead.
Of course, the cemetery of the home
will remain Jn Napa County, but the
patronage of the occupants will not
enrich the saloon keepers.
THOMAS MeDONALL. (mark).
Dated Napa, October 17. 1903.
Witness his mark:
MRS. LOUIS C. PETERSON.
LORS PKTERSON.
The discharge of the old veteran
from the home where he had lived for
fourteen years in peace and content
ment was demanded as follows:
Veterans' Home of California, Tountvllle.
Cal.. Colonel George XV. Waltz, commandant.
Sir — I hereby demand my discharge from the
Veterans' Home of California and request
that you send my discharge therefrom, to
rcther with any and all pension vouchers and
other papers now In your possession, to me at
M0 Oak gtreet, Xapa. Cal.. and I hereby state
that I do not intend to return to the Veterans'
Home or to longer continue a member of it.
Respectfully yours.
The old veteran did not long survive
the change from the home to . Napa
City, for he passed away early in April,
leaving among his papers a will dated
September 26, 1903, about the time that
the pressure was greatest to get him
out of the home. He declared in his
will that he was of "sound and dispos
ing mind and memory." At the same
time the court was declaring him in
competent. The will Is a peculiar doc
ument. It gives 10 per cent of his es
tate to Father Conway, the acting pas
tor of the Catholic church at Napa, for
the benefit of the Orphan Asylum of his
chnrch. The residue of the estate Is
bequeathed to Michael Maloney, a vet
eran who assisted in getting the decree
of incompetency, and to Mrs. L. C.
Peterson, In whose residence the aged
veteran was sheltered and who attend
ed him during his last- illness. All re
ports agree that Mr. and Mrs. Peterson
were kind to the old man.
Owing to the good management of
the estate by Robert J. Little, there
remains $1400. If the will stands the
Petersons and Maloney will get the
bulk of the estate. Of course, the at
torneys, Bell, York & Bell, will come in
for a slice and the fixed charges of the
guardian must be paid. If the will does
not stand the money must go to the
State of California or the Veterans'
Home. An' act of Congress says it
must go to the home. Judge Gesford
holds that the State law and not the
Federal statute applies. On the advice
of the Attorney General a case is to the
taken to the Supreme Court from the
Superior Court of Napa County to de
termine once for all whether Judge
Gesford Is right in ignoring the act of
Congress.
POLITICIANS ARE BUSY.
DIES AFTEK LEAVING HO3IE.
Some months ago it was ascertained
by Nape County politicians that the
old veteran had the aum of $1000 to his
credit with the treasurer of the home
and $600 additional deposited in savings
banks. Steps were at once taken to get
him out of the home and also to get
his money out of the home treasury.
Representations, were made to the
court that McDonall was Incompetent
and unable to manage his own affairs.
In fact, the most tender solicitude was
shown for the old veteran as soon as it
was learned that he had $1600 and.no
living relatives. To make a long story
short, the court, adjudged him Incom
petent and appointed Robert J. Little
as guardian of his estate. Demand was
instantly made for McDonall's dis
charge from the home and for transfer
of all the money to his credit with the
home treasurer to the guardian. The
demands were complied with. The
guardian, a man of high character,
took charge of McDonall's affairs.
NAPA, May 27.— Connected with the
will of Thomas McDonall, which has
just been filed in the Superior Court of
this county by Bell, York & Bell, there
is an interesting story. McDonall was
82 years of age when he died. He en
listed in the Third United States Infan
try at Newport, Kentucky, away back
in 1S44. He entered the Veterans'
Home in this county In 1889 and dwelt
there for fourteen years in peace and
comfort. - .
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Another Bullet Strikes Of
ficer in the Hand, but
D003 Not Affect His Aim
Jurist Upholds Local Legis
lative Enactment as Op
posed to Federal Statute
NOVEL POINT INVOLVED
BYSTANDER IS WOUNDED
TTasliington Man Is Fatally
Shot by Town Marshal on
Whom He Had Opened Fire
why should you . say 'dragged' when
• summoned* ..would be' more correct
and equally ephohious?" ,
; The .. eloquent . and .able counsel
looked' crushed. ¦: Then another con
tinuance was" ordered. : '•
• /Georgie Llnehan's frowzled head
quivered in trepidation as the big and
burly policeman r, recounted his , mis
demeanor, which consisted 1 of "swip
ing" baseballs that flew over the fence
to be scrambled. for by the youngsters
who congregate at Eighth and Harri
son streets. While good little boys
took 'the balls thus acquired to the
gatekeeper and thus obtained admit
tance to the grounds. Georgle ran
away with the spheres captured by
him, and, it was suspected, sold them
for coin of the republic.
Judge Fritz, than whom there is no
more ardent lover of the great nation
al game, looked so serious during the
officer's recital that Georgie wept into
his own cap. But his terrible sus
pense is not yet ended. Sentence was
postponed till this morning. . .
"If it were any plunder other than
baseballs — and regulation balls at that
— I might be able to fix the penalty
now," said the court in a ton« 'that
made Georgie fairly quake, "but the
heinousness of the offense demands
that it be given mature deliberation."
Georgie appeared as if he were will-
Ing to take penal servitude for life in
preference to waiting to learn his fate.
Ella Beattie, convicted of Indulging
in reckless pistol practice one night
several weeks ago at Ellis and 'Ma
son streets, was restored to Judge Mo
gan's attention with the report that
the Lunacy Commissioners had ex
amined her mind and found it in pret
ty fair condition. While she might
have been temporarily insane at the
time she flred the pistol,, it was more
likely that her inspiration was of al
coholic origin. So the Judge sentenced
her to three months' imprisonment in
the County Jail and refused her at
torney's motion for a rehearing.
Thirteen months in all were pre
scribed by the same Judge for H. M.
Leland, convicted ofvagrancy, battery
and disturbing the peace. It was the
brutal way In which he beat the coun
try girl whom he married and com
pelled to support him that brought
upon Mr. Leland the . heaviest sen
tence the court could legally pro
nounce. /
Although he had resided In San
Francisco nfty-three years — was here,
In fact, when Montgomery street was
a beach — Daniel Cummlngs yester
day learned for the first time that to
have lottery tickets in one's posses
sion is a misdemeanor. Judge Fritz
imparted the enlightenment to Mr.
Cummings, whose- response was a
soulful expression of regret that he
did not die while the city was worth
living in. Even his dismissal with a
kindly warning to offend no more fail
ed to convey satisfaction to Mr. Cum
mings.
The lottery tickets found on Ah
Dock's person and produced In evi
dence against him bore neither a des
ignated time nor place of drawing and
Judge Mogan discharged the defend
ant.
• • •
Mrs. Margaret McKenna's five
young children played hide-and-seek
among the spectators In Judge Mo
gan's court while their mother was
undergoing examination on the charge
of having boxed the ears of a three
year-old son of Mrs. Nora Evans,
whose entire offspring were also
among those present.
The IJcKennas live on Brady street,
and on the other side of their back
fence are domiciled the .Evanses,
whose front door is numbered 108 Col
{on street. Mrs. Evans was born
and schooled and married In the vicin
age and Mrs. McKenna became a resi
dent of It only three months ago and Is
still in what might be termed the pro
bationary stage of acceptability as a
neighbor. This fact may have had
something to do with her arrest.
At any .rate, the course taken by Mrs.
Evans to avenge the alleged cuffing of
her son's head established a neighbor
hood precedent, the usual . retaliative
policy in euch cases being to assail the
assailant.
. After the ear-boxing had been de
scribed by Mrs. Evans, with much at
tention to detail,, Mrs. McKenna ac
knowledged guilt and pleaded provoca
tion, stating that her two-year-old
had been attacked by and was locked
in deadly embrace with the Evans
three-year-old when she Intervened
and found that in order to effect a
separation of the combatants It was
absolutely necessary to administer! a
slap to the left auricular organ of
Master Evans. It was not a hard slap,
she explained, nor maliciously deliv
ered, its sole object being, to divert its
recipient's mind from his apparently
fixed purpose of clinging to "Master
McKenna till death did them part.
¦Then spake the Judge. "Go home,
you ladies," he said, "and request
your respective husbands to unite In
the labor of making that back fence
unclimable by children of tender
years. Then let each lady see to it
that her children :. do . not attempt to
invade the other children's territory.
By adopting this suggestion I am sure
that you can dwell In peace." ,
, Bailiff Hickey then collected the
McKenna progeny and presented it to
its mother, Who herded Jt from the
tribunal, while Mrs. Evans brought up
the rear with/ her group of Juvenility
firmly in hand. ;• «, > .' ;
Special Train for Point Reyes.
J The North Shore runs a special train at 5:15
p. m. to-day for the Lagunltas. Camp Taylor,
Tocaloma and Point Reyes. Sunday trains de
part at ' 1 :45 e/ m. t or Cazadero Giant Red
woods and the Russian River and Tomales Bay
reports; at 0:15- a. m. for Point • Reyes and
intermediate resorts. On . Monday, 7 :45 a. m;
and 8:15 p. m. (i for Cazadero, etc.; at* 9:13
a. ¦ m. and , 7 :15 p. m. for Point Reyes, . etc.
Trains return Sunday morninjr and afternoon;
al60 Monday p. ih. and early Tuesday morning:
and evening. Rates $1 to f3 round trip. , •
Appeal to Be Taken From
Decision of Judge Gesford
in Veterans' Home Case
Emil Tschuoni Runs His Automobile Against Michael Hold
back and Is Arrested for Battery, and Then He Goes to
Club and Loses Much-Prized v Wrestling Championship
FIGHTS OFFICER
AND IS KILLED
TO TEST SCOPE
OF STATE LAW
GIVEN ANOTHER
LEASE OF LIFE
BULLETS FAIL
TO STOP FELON
Prisoner f in Solano County
Makes Attempt to Escape
From a* Constable of Dixon
Governor Pardee Grants Re
• prieve to Condemned Mur
derer on Eve of Execution
OCHOA STILL IN LUCK
JUMPS FBOM A TRAIN:
Mexican Consul at New York
Intercedes in Behalf \ of
Bakersfield Woman Slayer
Pistol Shots Only Increase
His Speed, butHe Is Over
hauled After Long Chase
SAN RAFAEL., May 27.— Contrary to
expectations Francislco Ochoa was not
executed in. San Quentin prison- this
morning, although everything was in
readiness for hanging. The condemn
ed man had given up all hope of re
prieve when at a late hour last night
Governor Pardee telegraphed Warden
Tompkins to postpone the hanging, aa
a reprieve had been granted until June
10. When the message was read to the
condemned man In the death chamber
he displayed great surprise and offered
up a prayer of gratitude. Ochoa haa
been in San Quentin prison for more
than four years awaiting death for the
murder of Maria Barera, in Bakera
fleld. He was tried, convicted and sen
tenced to death, but the' case was ap
pealed and a new trial granted on the
ground that the murder was not pre
meditated. He was again, convicted
and appealed, but a new trial was de
nied. Ochoa has many sympathizers,
who have tried every way to have the
sentence commuted to life Imprison
ment. The Mexican Consul at New
York became interested In the case re
cently and made a special trip across
the continent to Invoke executive clem
ency. It was through his intervention
that Governor Pardee reprieved Ochoa
until the facts could be more fully
presented.
SACRAMENTO. May 27.— If a ma
jority of the Justices of the Supreme
Court will consent. Governor Pardee
will commute the sentence of Lee
Chuck, a Chinese, who was sent to
prison for life foT murder In the second
degree, committed In San Francisco in
1900. Two years after Lee Chuck was
sent to prison he became insane. Since
that time he has been in a State hospi
tal. If his sentence is commuted his
friends agree to remove him from the
State.
REDDING, May 27. — A second bridge
is to span the Sacramento River at
Redding to accommodate the vast
amount of travel from the east side
to this city. The Board' of Supervisors
has decided to at once erect a $30,000
steel bridge. Two sites are In view,
one of which will be definitely sett'ed
upon. . Both are three-quarters of a
mile above the bridge now in use.
Redding to Build Another. Bridge.
SACRAMENTO, May 27. — Captain
Moore of Company E to-day caused the
arrest through the police department
of Alexander McCaw, a member of the
company, for failure to attend drills.
This is the first time the Criminal
Court has ever been used in Sacra
mento for such a purpose. The arrest
was made under a section of the
Penal Code making non-attendance
upon militia drills a punishable mis
demeanor.
Sacramento Militia Captain Swears to
a Complaint Against Member
of His Company.
FAILURE TO ATTEND DRILL
IS FOLLOWED BY ARREST
SAN BERNARDINO, May 27.— Louia
Butler, an employe of the Union Ice
Company at Mentone, was killed by
an electric shock this afternoon while
making some repairs about the plant.
He was passing under a wire carrying
10,000 volts of electricity with, a long
lead pipe when the end of the" pipe
came in contact with the wire and the
entire voltage passed through his body.
He was about 30 years old and leaves
a young wife.
Accidentally Touches a Wire Carry
ing Five Thousand Volts and Is
Instantly Electrocuted.
WORKMAN IS KILLED
BY AS ELECTRIC SHOCK
The queen's float was an elaborate
affair and was decorated under the di
rection of Miss Alice Haigh, a queen
of a former carnival given in that city.
An excursion train from the south and
another from the north brought thou
sands of visitors to add to the carnival
throng.
SANTA ROSA, May 27.— The floral
carnival at Healdsburg, which has
been in progress for two days and
which will close to-morrow, has been
very successful. Glorious weather has
been enjoyed throughout, and the reign
of Queen Isabel has been most joyous.
A grand floral pageant was held to
day and there were jjumerous hand
some floats in line.
Pleasant Weather Attracts Hundreds
of Merrymaking Sightseers to
Pretty Sonoma County City.
HEALDSBURG CARXIVAIi
PROVES A BIG SUCCESS
Special Dlspatoh to The Call.
SUISUN, May 27.— Constable , Mc-
Kinnon of Dixon had an exciting:, ex
perience to-day with Andy Olsen, who
was arrested several days ago on a
charge of felony, and - who has since
been in Jail here awaiting trial. Me-.
Klnnon came here this morning to take
Olsen to Dixon for preliminary exami
nation in the Justice's court. . The Con
stable, with the prisoner in his cus
tody, boarded an eastbound train for
Dixon, and when about five miles out
of town Olsen jumped from the car and
made a desperate effort to escape. Mc-
Kinnon fired several shots at the flee
ing prisoner, but none of them took ef
fect.
W. S. Davisson, station agent- at To
lenas, also fired at the prisoner, but his
aim was bad, and Olsen continued his
flight. McKinnon left the train at El
mlra, secured a team and after an ex
citing chase captured his man.
The train was running about forty
miles an hour when Olsen Jumped from
It, and it Is little short of a miracle
that he escaped serious injury.
SAN BERNARDINO. May 27.— The
meeting and banquet Court San Jose,
Foresters* of America, celebrated It3
thirteenth anniversary this evening.
All the courts of the county were rep
resented and nearly all the High
Court officers of the. State were pres
ent. A large class of candidates was
Initiated.
Foresters Celebrate an Anniversary.
An Extra Day's Vacation.
By extendlns the time limit on Us Satur
day to Monday excursion tickets, the South
ern Pacific xlves pf'ople a chance for two
days In th« country instead of one. All such
tickets sold to-day (Saturday) and to-morrow
will be food for return on all trains of
Tuesday, May 31, thus Allowing- Memorial
Day to be soent away from town. These
'tickets Include, special round trip rates of
?3.75 to Santa Cruz. ?4.<X> to Monterey and
J4.25 to Pacific Grove. •
OLYMPIC CLUB ATHLETE
HAS UNLUCKY EVENING
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, MAY 28,, 1904.
5
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per : copy. Out of town
orders 25 cents additional ' to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charges.
, The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
30, 1004, and all readers of tills
paper who desire a copy of this
household | treasure should not
fall to place their order Im-
mediately. ,
COOK BOOK OFFEE TO
CLOSE /AUGUST
30, 1904. ?£
If your hair is brittle ana thinning, you have
dandruff. The mere scouring of the scalp of
the loose scales won't cure dandruff; because
dandruff Is nothing but scales of ecalp being
thrown cp by a pestiferous little germ In bur-
ix' wing Hh way to the root of the hair, where
it eapf the vitality, causing falling hair and. in
tiro*. bal<ir.eRs. Now you can't *tor> dandruff
nor failing hair nor prevent baldness unless
you destroy that germ: and the only prepara-
tion that r«n do it !¦ the new scientific dis-
covery. Nenbro'ji llerrlcide. In fact no other
rrnir pr»Tiaratlon claims to kill the dandruff
perm — all of them will ctean the «ca.!p; r.oap
er:d wator will do that, but only Newbro'a
H«Tpicide Eft* at the root of the trouble and
kills Ihp *3an<1rufT germ. Sold by leading drug-
pf.ttfi. Srn<1 lfc in stamp* for sample to The
H£r;jicide «*o.. I>troit. Mich.
Will Remove the Loose Dandruff Scales
But Zt Wont Cure Dandruff.
SCOCTBZXrQ TOUR SCALP.
NEW AUVEBTISElffEirra.
All sorts of people use it)
all sorts of stores sell the
famous English complexion
soap. Established 1789.
Sold all over the world.
» OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piers !> 5 and 11. '
/^C_ San FrancUco.
/Q/WSMfc| .V*\ For Ke tchtkan. Wrant-eU
I I VwtvS I I Juneau. Hatnf*, Skagway,
\ \ \Vd/ 1 ' tc - Alaska— 11 a. m.. May
\»». Vj 30. Jane »,. Chang* to Cora-
Vyy^ pany's uteamers at Seattle.
or Victoria, Vancouver.
-i-*^ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
eoma. Everett. Belllnsham— 11 a. m.. May 30.
Juno 4. - Change at Seattle to this company' •
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle
or Tacoma. to N. P. Ry., at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (HumboMt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. May 28; Spokane. 1:30 p. m. ; Corona.
May 31.
For Los Angelas (via Port Los Angelea an<S
Redondo), San Diego and Santa . Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays,' B a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro aad East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mont-
erey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m. May 81. June 8.
Santa Cruz, 9 a. m. (freight only), May
10. 27.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax, Santa Ro-
salia, Guayroaa (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 190*— Th«
palatial steamship Spokane will leave Tacoma.
Seattle and Victoria. Jun* 7. 21, July 3, 19.
Auk. 2. la.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to chance' steamers or 'sailing dates.
TICKET OF7ZOSS — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.and Broad-
way wharves. Froigrlit Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. Dl'NANW, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
ASTEKICAX LI2TE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg" — Southampton.
From New York, Saturdays. 9:30 a. m.
Germanic June 4j Philadelphia ..June IS
St. Paul June lljSt. Louis June 25
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT X.X2TS.
New York — London Direct.
Minnetonka June 4. 10 a. ra.
Minnehaha Juns 11. :!:3O p. m.
Minneapolis June IH, 9 a. m.
Mesaba June 23. w a. m.
Only flrst-flass passengers carried.
soamncm line.
Montreal — Liverpool— Short sea passage.
Kensington ...June 4j3outhwark ....June IH
Dominion June lljcar.ada Juno 23
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of ll'.SCO Tons.
New York — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. ra.
Statendam June 7|Rotterdam ....June 21
Potsdam June HiRyndam June S3
RES STAB LINE.
Hew York— Antwerp— Paris.
From New York. Saturdays at 10:ai> a. m.
Vaderland June 4|Zeeland June 14
Kroonland ....June lllFinland Juns 23
WHITE STAS LINE.
New York — Qneenstows — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Teutonic, June £, 10 ami Majestic. June 22.10 am
(Vltlc. ..June 10. 3 pm| Arabic. June 24. 3 pia
Cedric...Jun« 15, 8 ami Oceanic. .June 29. Tank
Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Republic (new) June 11, 'July 7, Aug. 11
Cymric June 16. July 14. Aug. 1*
Crctlc Jun* 30. July 2S. Aug. 23
NEW SERVICES BOSTON.
Past Twtn-Screw Steamers
of 11.4C0 to 15.00© ton«.
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
MEDITERRANEAN. VIA AZORES.
GIBRALTAR, NAPLES, GENOA.
CANOPIC May 23. July 2. Aug. 2T
ROMANIC June 18. Julv 30. Sept. IT
First class. (80 upward.
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Asrent Taclflc Coast.
21 Poet St.. San Francisco.
NOME
— AND— /
ST. MIOMAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. ST. PAUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDQCI9T.
(Carrying U. S. Mails.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
JUNE 12, F*. W\.
Connecting with tb« Company"* Steamers for
All BERING SEA POINTS, and at Su
Michael with the Company's River Steamer*
for Fairbanks and all points on KOYCKUK.
TANA N A and YUKON RIVER3.
For Freight and P«»«aK» Appty ?(»
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.
B22 Crossley building. Cor. Mission and H»w
Montgomery at*.. San Francisco.
FOR NOME
Low Passenger and Freight Rates.
Th« Pacific Coast Steamship Co.'s Steamshl»
VALENCIA
From San Francisco. June S. 11 a., ra. •
From Seattla, Jun» 14. 9 p. m.
For rates and full information apply *
TICKET OFFICES.
4 New Montgomery st. and 10 Market st.
FREIGHT OFFICE. 10 MARKET ST.
J. H. COOPER. General Freight Agent. »
C X> DTJNANN; Gen. Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco. ,. v
Jfamburg-Ztmericari.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Serrlea
FOR PLYMOUTH, CHERBOURG. HAMBUR9.
• TIE GREAT OCEAN FLYEB,
S. S. Deutschland
6S6^ ft. long— 23t$ knots average speed.
Sails June 9. July 7, Aug. 4. Sept. 1.
Palatia May 25 Pretoria June 4
t'Bluecher May 26| 'Deutschland ..June »
Belgravtm ......May 28 Waldersee June It
t-Moltke Juj>« 2: Hamburg .June 1*
"Has grill room and trymnastum on board.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Offices 35 and 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG & CO.. 401 CALIFORNIA ST.
O, /?• & Nn CO.
COLUMBIA sails June «. lfl and 25. July flL
16 26. GEO. w. ELDER sails June 1. 11 and
21. July \. 11. 21. Only steamship line to
PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland* to all points East. Through tickets to
all points. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at It
a. m. 8. F. BOOTH, Gen. Airt. Pass. Dept., 1
Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agent
Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery st.
Aaa^tiI^S cr sFA """""> mum. «m
8. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. May 29, 11 a. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, June 4, 11 am.
I 8. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thurs.. June 16. 2 p. m.
I.D.SPEECKLS 4 BEOI C0.,iIt3.,Tic22t OflCJ 513 Iir-
ket, FnttH 01:3333 Ivaui, Pi3f/.?i:ii; ;:.
C0XPAS5IX eSltZ&ALS TP.AN3ATXAXT13-1
DIRECT UNE TO HAVKK-fAitld. 'J^l
Bailing every Thursday instead of -*ff,CrYi»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier U. ¦•*-£««?*
North River, toot of Morton st.
First elasa to Havre. $70 and upward. See-
on<J class to Havre. J43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AOSNCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 82 Broadway <Hudson bulldla«>.
Ntw Ycrk. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Paelflo Cuast
Agents. B Montgomery avenue. San Franciaco,
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta,
To 17. S. Na7y Tard and ?allejo.
STRS GEN. FRISBIE. MONT1CELLO and
ARROW— 9:45 A. M.. 12:3O noon. 3:13 P. M..
6 00 P M 8:3O P. M. (tx. Sunday). Sunday j.
Zii x M 8-XO P. M. Leave Vallejo. 7:uo
AM 3^0 AM.: 12:30 NOON. 3:13 P. M..
sVwT P. M. <ex. Sunday), Sundays. 7:00 A. M..
4-15 P M Fare one way. 50c Landing and
office "Pier 2. foot Mission at. Phone Main
IMS.' HATCH BROS.
An Alcohol Stove Free d Want Advertisers in; Sunday's : ; Call
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GONORRHEA AMD UBINART DI30HAROE3.
JEBHSm «H El taSf /ESSa
A CURE IN *» HOURS.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat^
\ MUSEUM OF AMATOHY^
0 6$ 1531MAaX«TST.t»t.8Ti*Tti.a.r.Cil.
\ XSr Tbe J-*'re«t Anatomical Mmnm In Ik* \
Q ' ..nnj*- Wot Id. WMkimn ar aay comtractot A
X fS&iSa dlMM* r««<tl»»l7.«r»J r> 7 tk« oldest f
O If? BS I Specallw «a ih« Coiil E»Lj*j««ri. f>
A fljagfj DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
\ t^ /W&H Con«a!tirioB fret »nd •'rictlr priTtte. \
0 i 9&H T'Mtmrr.i penonalljr rr by letter. A Q
\ ¦ tI If '*"*•• <*"* la t»crr eaMHdartahen. T
Apt « Write for B«k. rBIKKoral.f A
r < ( IV BtnnMSK. m*il.«d hm, Ut
\ I ,L v»!u»bla book for mm) \
V t>VL JOBDAX * CO.. 1051 lfnrk»t Mt..S. P. 9
0^^>^ <^^Sy^l^^aV^t>^Ci>"Sv^'»»>"^«V^^ i '^^(J
Every Woman
ft'ov«Mo2iY\-v,U|» ¦ abont the wondtrfnl
M^mSJ\B MARVEL titling Spray
xl^C^CLS^i&w tto» and Suction. ItMt-Saf-
' _—»*«'— M«« ConYenient.
HtiMl.Mll.UaUj.
k& J*w tot It. \f* JWF iiii**"li i*** 1^^^
If he ounnot mpply the \\ l&£Qr'i:',Z."/.-'v?
HAHVKL, accept no NIS*^. Gwt&LJr**—
oUirr, but send itanip for • ¦ 'Wl. f~*cfr"\j
iUastrmted book-»»«l»*. Itelrc* \V, / **ijr
full parttculara and direction* In- ¦&>#'' M
. Talnable to Udlet. MAKVKL CO.. (&///„./. / u.M
41 rarklltn, Sen lork. - **^ii£JJr
162 New Montgomery, San Francisco, cal.
William Hatterotb (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union Drujt Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
O«?ood Brothers... 7th and Broadway, Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy. 119 Ellis
BWSf*** BREATH
la this paclctge joa get both liquid an<
powder. This ii the Urxe Size.
2LZ>VXSTISB3CBNT&.
We will offer the following g
choice properties by ordcr\ of g
the referee Thursday, June -2, g
1904, at our salesroom, 20 K
Montgomery street. p|
Subject to confirmation by |
the Superior Court. g
NO. 1. §
Ellis street, south line, 82:6 g
east of Jones street, east 27:6x n
137:6. Improvements consist of fi
a three-story dwelling rented £jj
low at $85 per month. A fi
splendid holding to improve 1
with a modern building. G
NO. 2. I
Bush street, south line, 137:6 |
east of Stockton street, east fi
45:10x137:6 to Harlem place. 9
Improvements consist of frame Ej
building rented low at $115.50 I
. per month. Rents could readily V
be increased. ij
Notice— Bids obtained at this E
sale cannot be increased in I
court. «
For terms and further par-i
ticulars apply to K
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., |
- Auctioneers, 20 Montgomery st. BOAKLAND, May 27.— E. A. Jones,
convicted of selling lottery tickets,
was fined $200 to-day by Police Judge
Mortimer Smith.
Imposes Heavy . Fine.
' Aged Widowfs s Sudden Death.
OAKLAND. May 27.— Maria Costa,
widow, '77 years old, died suddenly at
Hay wards : to-day. ,. "
W. S. Bourn, president of the San
Francisco Gas Company, sent a com
munication yesterday to the Board of
Supervisors, in which he objects to the
reduction in the lighting specifications
from |2 75 to f 2 50 a week for arc lights
burning from sunset to sunrise and
froni $1 95 to $175 for arc lights
burning from sunset to midnight.
Bourn says the blanket bid he will
submit will not cover the lighting of
libraries and motor power, which will
amount to several thousands of dollars
yearly. t _
Objects to Specifications.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
* UVERPOOL — Arrived May 27— Stmr Mont
calm from Montreal..
QUEENSTOSVN— Arrived May 27— Stmr
Campania, . from New. York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 2T— Stmr
Deutschland,' from Hamburg, for New York. '
: HAMBURG — Arrived May . 27— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from New-York..
. SUEZ— Arrived Mar 2« — Stmr Tydeus, fronf
Vancouver and Tacoma, via Yokohama, Hong
kong ' Manila, etc, for Livernbol. . ¦ ¦
AUCKLAND— Sailed May 20— Stmr Ventura,
from Sydney, N S V.\ for San Francisco.
SYDNEY. N.S \V— Arrived prtor to May 2t
—Stmr Sierra, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Auckland. .
ROTTERDAM— Arrived "May 27— Stmr Rot
terdam, from New York. ' •"-
¦ HAVRE— Arrived May 27— Stmr La Bre-
Usne, from New York.
Late 'Shipping. Intelligence.
OAKLAND, May 27.— Miss Susan J.
Ilodgdon, for, many years a teacher in
the Durarit School of this city, died to
day at the residence of Professor S. G.
S. Dunbar, 445 i Hawthorne street, after
a serious illness of several weeks. ; Miss
Hodgdon .was a native of . Augusta,
Maine. She had been a school teacher
for forty-seven years, having taught in
the Stockton public schools before com
ing to this city. Funeral services will,
be held Saturday afternoon at 3 o'clock
at the Dunbar residence. ¦
Death of Pioneer, Teacher.
The trial of the suit of Hugh Rob
ertson, a chauffeur, against the United
Railroads for $299 damages to an au
tomobile, resulting from a collision
with a Fiilmol'e-street car on January
7 last, was begun yesterday before Jus
tice of the -Peace Lawson. The testi
mony, disclosed that Police Judge Slo
gan, William Lowe and M. Scanlan
were passengers on the automobile
when the accident occurred. Lowe was
thrown and seriously injured and has
brought suit -for $30,000 in the Su
perior Court against the United Rail
roads."-Robertson told of the injuries
to his automobile and Judge Lawson
reserved his decision.
Chanffeur Sues United Railroads as
1. Result of Collision With FiH
more-Street Car.
SEEKS DAMAGES FOR
INJURY TO AUTOMOBILE
OAKLAND, May 27.— Miss Hazel Ho
gan, aged 19 years, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Hugh Hogan, died last night
from appendicitis at the Providence
Hospital. Miss Hogan had been ill -for
ten days. She submitted to an opera
tion Tuesday afternooon, but. did not
recover from the shock. Mfss , Hogan
was one of the most charming members
of the younger social set. She was ac
complished and of delightful personal
ity. Born in Buffalo, N. Y., Miss Ho
gan came to California with her par
ents in lier Infancy. She was educated
at. the Academy of Our Lady of Lour
des, East Oakland. Her father, Hugh
Hogan, is president of the Humboldt
Lumber Company. Besides the parents,
Miss Hogan leaves two sisters, Miss
May and Miss Ella Hogan, and four
brothers, Hugh,' Will» Howard and
Harold Hogan. The funeral will be
held Sunday afternoon from the family
residence, .. 913 East Twenty-fourth
street,- thence to St. Anthony's Church.
Death of MLss Hazel Hogan.
The boot and shoe workers employed
in the factory of Kutz & Co. met last
night and after a discussion lasting
five hours decided, by a vote of 113 to
75, to return to work. The men quit
their places t-ome months ago without
the sanction of the international body.
The trouble came about when their
employers set up several labor-saving
machines and Imported men from the
East to operate them. The members
of the union rebelled and decided to
strike. When the matter was referred
to International President Tobin he or
dered the men back to work, but they
refused to go. Vice President Lovely
made an investigation and upheld
President Tobin. The members of the
union held out as long as they could,
but when they saw lhat the interna
tional body refused to sanction their
strike they decided to work
and all hands will go back to the shop
this morning.
Much Joy was exhibited about the
stables yesterday afternoon when word
was received that the Board of Police
Commissioners had communicated to
the executive committee- of the Stable
•and Carriage Owners' Association that
its application for drivers' licenses for
as many men as it desired would be
granted.
- The association is prepared to place
as many men as may be necessary on
the carriages next Tuesday morning,
at which time business will be resumed
on the open shop principle. ,
Members of the Union Decide to Call
Strike Off After a Debate Last
ing Fire Hours.
BOOT AND SHOE WORKERS
*:¦' • -WILL RETURN TO WORK
OAKLAND, May 27.—Commence
ment exercises of the Convent of Our
Lady of the Sacred Heart were held
this afternoon. Graduation diplomas,
were conferred on Miss Lillian Atwood
and Miss Sara Dlnneen of Oakland,
Miss Loretta Chipman of -Sacramento
and Miss Alice Macfarlane of Hono
lulu. Coadjutor Archbishop Montgom
ery delivered an address to the class.
During the afternoon a delightful
programme of music was given by pu
pils of the convent.
St. Joseph's Institute, West Oak
land, held commencement exercises
last evening. Graduates of the class
of 1904 were Miss Mary Katherine
Rellly and Miss Elizabeth Genevievc
McPeake. The graduates from the
grammar department- were Gertrude
Gron, Loretta McQuade, Agnes Peters,
Georgia Quinn, Frances Daly, Eliza
beth Short, Josephine McKeegan, Anna
Lacy, Marie Johnson, Annie Ahem
and Mary Devine. The pupils heard
an addreeB by the Rev. J. B. McNally.
They- gave an operetta, "Grandma's
Birthday," and a classical drama,
"Miriam." '
seph's Institute Hold Exercises.
Sacred Heart Convent and St. Jo-
DIPLOMAS PRESENTED.
OAKLAND, May 27.— George S. Ev
ane, a brilliant lawyer, member of the
Board of Trustees of the Oakland Free
Public Library, a talented writer for
magazines, died last night at St.
Thomas' Hospital, San Francisco, after
an illness of three weeks of typhoid
fever. Mr. Evans was taken ill while
on a vacation trip at Lowrey; Tehama
County. He returned In poor health,
and after a few days* stay at his home
in this city went to the hospital. His
condition seemed to be satisfactory un
til yesterday, when his heart gave
way.
Among the young men of promise
and marked ability in his profession
the deceased attorney occupied a high
place. He was a. graduate of the Oak
land High School and studied for two
years at the University of California,
entering the law offices of Joh\son &
Shaw nine years ago. He was admit
ted to practice in 1896. Three months
ago Mr. Evans- j established himself
with Court Commissioner Clarence
Crowell, A. P. Leach and John de
Lancey in his law work.
In the literary field Mr. Evans had
displayed a strong bent for short
story writing. His work has appeared
in a number of magazines, Including
McClure's, the Century, Scribner's,
Sunset, Out West, Western Field and
the Overland. Outdoor life attracted
him and much of his writing was in
the portrayal of Western scenes. Mr.
Evans was re-elected to the Board of
Library Trustees at the last munici
pal election. He Was active in the af
fairs of that institution. He was a
founder of the Unity Club and financial
secretary . of the. First Unitarian
Church of this city.
Mr. Evans was the son of Mr. and
Mrs. James Evans, with whom he re
sided at 536 Twenty-second street. A
brother, Fred Evans, also survives.
Mr. Evans was 27 years old, a native
of California. The funeral will be
held Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock
from the Evans residence.
Death Closes Varied Career
of George S. Evans of
O-.kland.
• It is within the hopes of the club
that there will be some scheme ad
vanced by the Unjted. Railway^ to put
their system under electric control and
enable the residents along Sutter
street to have, the protection that may
be granted by underground wires.
The club adopted a set of by-laws
and a constitution that will govern .ill
future actions. The. document pro
vides that twelve members shall con
stitute a quorum and that all matters
of vital interest shall be considered
and arrangements made by a board
which shall include the president, vice
president, secretary and treasurer.
Circular letters are to be sent to all
property owners on Sutter-street In or
der to inform them that the club la in
existence and that dues are $1 a
month.' If the property owner is en
gaged in business that requires the
use of a second floor along the thor
oughfare he is only to be charged upon
the basis of 50 cents a month because
he has to pay additional rent and in
creased taxes.
There is going to be another meet
ing of the club on Tuesday, June 14.
at Golden Gate Hall. The by-laws
passed yesterday will be read and fur
ther action agreed upon.
W. H. Hazell, as ftie president of the
club, suggested that matters that
passed through the hands of the
Board of Supervisors required time
and that there would be a question in
volved regarding the curtailment of
the present franchise, which gives the
privilege of conducting a cable sys
tem.
The Sutter-street Improvement Club
asks that in event the present cable
car system on that thoroughfare is
changed to an electric system, that
the trolley wires be placed r* under
ground. It was decided at the meet
ing of the club yesterday afternoon
that the question of underground
wires was the issue the club should
take up.
Improvement Club Discusses Question
and Will Take Matter Up at
Next Regular Meeting.
SUITER-STREET CLUB WANTS
UNDERGROUND WIRES OX ROAD
REFUSES " TO IMPRISON
AN ANTI-SOAP VAGRANT
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 27.
A swiftly moving construction ele
vator in the new Union Savings Bank
building struck Henry Nichols in the
face to-day as be looked out of a win
dow in the building. The blow knocked
out nearly all of his teeth, broke liis
nose and left his entire face an i!m
recognizable mass.
Nichols is unable to explain the acci
dent. He says he thrust his head out
of the window in- order to call to a
fellow workman, and remembers noth
ing more. Blood on the elevator, how
ever, marks the point of contact, and
how he escaped more serious injury is a
matter of speculation. - ">* "-
The building 'is eleven stories high,
and the elevator is hoisted by a donkey
engine and runs up and down the tall
structure very quickly. It is supposed
that Nichols put his* head out just as
it was passing the window, with the re
sult that it struck him full in the face
and knocked him back into the build-
Ing.
Nichols is just 21 years of age and
lives at 676 Geary street, San Francisco.
He is employed by the San Francisco
firm of W. S. Snook & Co., plumbers,
at Clay and Montgomery streets, who
have the contract for putting in the
plumbing In the new building.
CONTESTS FOR CHAIRS OF
NEW THOUGHT INSTITUTE
Alameda Jail Keeper Declines to Pcr
. mit Unwashed Hobo to Occupy
Cell in Municipal Building.
ALAMEDA. May 27.— Because he had
not rubbed against a bar of soap for
many months, Benjamin Hastings, ar
rested fer vagrancy, was refused ad
mission to the City Prison to-day by
Desk Sergeant Albert Kamp.
"That man will not be permitted to
occupy any cell in this prison unless he
undergoes a soap operation for the re
moval of what ails him," exclaimed
Sergeant Kamp when he set eyes on,
the hobo, who was Patrolman Wah
muth's captive.
Hastings was then escorted to the
eastern limits of the city, advised to
try the waters of San Leandro Bay
and warned not to make his second ap
pearance in Alameda.
Principal Given Gold Watch.
ALAMEDA, May 27.— Dr. A. W.
Scott, who will retire from the princi
palship of the Alameda High School
with the close of the present term to
accept the prlncipalship of the Girls'
High School of San Francisco, was
presented with a gold watch this after
noon by the Associated Students of the
local educational institution. Roswell
Dague made the presentation speech,
to which Dr. Scott feelingly responded.
Manager Slurray Meets Opposition in
His Kfforts to Recover Furniture
That Was Sold.
OAKLAND. May 27. — Forty-two
chairs, comprising part of the outfit
of John M. Murray's New Thought In
stitute, 867 Clay street, figured to-day
in search warrant proceedings In the
Police Court. Julius Coleman, a dealer
at 474 Eighth 6treet, resisted" Mur
ray's attempt to recover the furni
ture, claiming he had bought It from
Raymond Schmldler, Murray's nephew
by. marriage.
The New Thought Institute man
ager insisted that- Schmidler's claim
to ownership of the forty-two chairs
and much more New Thought para
phernalia are ill founded. Schmldler
has disappeared. Weighty law pointb
were developed, which induced th«*
court to continue the hearing of the
contest until next Tuesday. Murray
avers it is a case of restocking the in
stitute, or the New Thought propa
ganda will lag so far as he is con
cerned.
Alleged Horse Thief Arrested.
OAKLAND. May 27.— Joseph New
gard, also-vknown as Newman, with a
horse-stealing record, was arrested to
day by Policeman Crossriian on
charges of stealing a horse, buggy and
harness from W. J.. Samuel, 457 Eighth
street, and with selling a horse owned
by Willicm McGuin*
Hampton Pleads Not Guilty.
BERKELEY, May 27.— Charles W.
Hampton, charged with the assault
upon aged Mrs. Mary Curtis in front
of her home last Sunday night, pleaded
nc-t guilty to the accusation of battery
to-day in Justice Edgar's court. His
trial was fixed for June 2 before a Jury.
Hampton is already serving a sentence
of ten days for drunkenness, which
condition he was found in on the night
on which he is alleged to have as
saulted Mrs. Curtis.
Moore Sent to Jail.
OAKLAND, May 27.— For failing to
pay his wife alimony, W. W. Moore
was arrested to-day and spent several
uncomfortable hours . in the County
Jail. He was released on ?25 bail upon
promise to pay. He is in arrears for
two months and owes his wife $30.
Restaurant Man Disappears.
BERKELEY, May 27. — James
Wherle, keeper of a restaurant in
Weet Berkeley, has been missing for
three days from his usual haunts and
the police have been notified of his
absence. As Wherle is a man of, ex
emplary habits his disappearance is
considered strange. -V>
Marriage LieensepT
OAKLAND, May 27.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: John Banchio,
26, Oakland, and Emma Rubiolo. 19,
San Francisco; George W. Woods, 27,
and Louise D. Rutter, 30, both of Seat
tle; George W. Burke, over 21, and
Minnie M. Carmichael, over 18, both of
San Francisco; Bartlett Gorman, 30,
Pan Francisco, and Vellie Hickey, 23,
Alameda; Jose I. Telles, over 21, Cen
terville, and Clara A. Nunes, over 18,
Irvington.
Shinglcrs in Court.
OAKLAND, May 27,-The hearing of
the complaint of Thomas Arada against
Shinglers* Union No. 1 was. begun to
day before -Judge Ogden, but was con
tinued until next week in order to give
Ar'ada's attorney time to amend his
complaint. * ;• '1,
Unhappy Wives.
OAKLAND. May 27.— Suit for divorce
has been instituted by Mrs. A. M.
Shultz of Berkeley against P. A. Shultz
on the ground of adultery.
An interlocutory decree of divorce
granted Sadie A. Huber last May was
made absolute by an order of Judge
Ogden to-day, the statutory year hav
ing elapsed since the entering of the
findings in the case. /
Slashes Dog With Razor.
Robert Jackson, colored, valet of
Coionel H. I. Kowalsky, was arrested
yesterday on a charge of cruelty to
animals. Last Wednesday he slashed
a dog belonging to Mrs. Terry of 902
Van Ness avenue. He used a razor.
Policeman Hayden shot the dog to end
its pain. Jaqkson admitted that he
slashed the dog because it,, had at
tacked his pup. His bonds were fixed
at $1000. SKr^'^t ¦'" ¦
Kiideavorers Form a Union.
ALAMEDA, May 27.— Organization
was effected by the Alameda City En
deavor Union last night and officers
were elected as follows: President, Otis
Bordwell; vice president. Miss Hazel
Peterson; corresponding secretary,
Miss Mary Conro; recording secretary,
Mipg Gufisie King, and treasurer, Ira
Sanford. •
Pleads Guilty to( Fxirffery.
Ralph E. Reinoehrpleadedguilty ta
three charges of forgery before Judge
Cook yesterday and was . ordered to
appear for sentence on Tuesday/. .He
forged the name W Attorney Charles
Wesley Reed to three checks for $10
each on December 5, 16 and 22 respec
tively, which he cashed in different
saloons, Reinoehl was employed as a
clerk in Reed's office.;- ;
Tliomns Rickartl Is Poisoned. %
BERKELEY. May 27. — Thomas
Rickard, president of the Board of
Trustees, is ill from the effects of pto
maine poisoning he contracted after a
luncheon in a San Francisco restau
rant a few days ago. He was taken
violently 111 immediately after the
luncheon, but is now recovering.
Burglars Visit Dnig Store.
OAKLAND, May 27. — Wishart's
"drug store, 1008 Washington street, was
entered last night, by. burglars, who
stole $14 85.
Berkeley Offlce San Francisco Call.
Z14S Center Street, May 27.
People within and without the uni
versity circle were greatly surprised
t>y the announcement to-day that Mrs.
Phoebe A. Hearst had withdrawn her
support entirely from the Hearst Do
mestic Industries, an Institution she
founded four years ago to provide the
aicans of self -support for women stu
<Jpnts In the University of California.
But tbl* is not all. for an investigation
has developed that Mrs. Hearst has
withdrawn h*>r patronage from other
1 activities that she l.as long assisted
and given orders to cut down expendi
tures In numerous directions.
Those interested in the university
are asking what it all means, and
there is a doal of gossip and a shaky
feeling among the many that have
looked to Mrs. Hearst for salaries and
assistance. Some are asking whether
it does not mean that Mrs. Hearst is
-preparing to lift her munificent hand
altogether from the university. There
h talk that she has quarreled with the
powers in the university and may
never return to it. Some color is given
'to this idea by Mrs. Hearst's sudden
determination not to build a mansion
in Berkeley after she had actually laid
her plans for it. Some time ago it
vras given nut that she would return
immediately to Berkeley after her ar
rival in New York from a trip around
(he world, but weeks have passed ami
now it is announced that she is about
to return to Europe. She was to have
been h<?re In time for commencement
and to give the senior class the usual
annual outing to Pleasanton, but com
mencement has come and gone and
no word came from Mrs. Hearst.
RESULTS UNSATISFACTORY.
Ill health is given as one of the
causes of Mrs. Hearst's change of at
titude toward the university, but there
would seem to be more potent reasons,
judging from the tenor of the letters
containing notification of her deter
mination to withdraw hfrr support
from university affairs. In her letter
to Miss A. M. Hicks, supervisor of th»
Domestic Industries School, she de
clares that the results obtained do not
Justify further expenditures from her
in behalf of the institution. This mas
be taken to mean that the cost of
maintaining this and other institu
tions has been too heavy a drain upon
the purse strings of Mrs. Hearst, and
. that she must reduce the outflow of
money. It is a fact that Mrs. Hearst
has given to the university in one way
or another a sum approximating
Jl.000,000. and this undoubtedly has
made a deep Impression on her fortune.
Then there is much talk of "graft"
in connection with Mrs. Hearst's
beneficences. There are stories told of
high salaries paid for little work and
of other expenses that have passed the
limit of what might be called reason
able expenditures. Mrs. Hearst has
not openly complained of this system,
but it has been discussed often by peo- |
pie within and without the circle.
The story of Mrs. Kearst'g with
drawal of support from the domestic
industries nohool wa«» precipitated by
the publication of a dispatch in the ;
morning paper? that *he had formally
dt dined to further assist a kindergar
ten training school she t-stabllshed in
Washington eight years ago and whieh
hat since borne her name. It appears
lh2t 5he announced to the directors
of the institution that she oould no ;
longer stand the expense of J16.000 re- :
•quired to .v.aintain it. as the condition i
of her finances would no longer permit
the outlay, certain of her invAtments
"having turned <-at to b? unprofitable.
. " POJ.K~V OF REDCCTlbX.
m Now Mrs. Hearst's action in regard
to the Washington school seems to por
.tend a policy of reduction in the cost
of the activities she has Hitherto sup
ported at th* University of California.
Ue r attitude tc-ward the training school
ffc exactly the name as that she has
assumed toward the domestic indus
tries Bchool. The school here has cost
her not 1ofb than $10,000 to main
tain and she feels now that she can
,po longer afford that large amount.
Mrs. Hearst evidently feels the same
way nix, ut the Yo-ung Women'« Chris
tian AFsociation, to which she has al
vays given liberally. Hearst Hall and
the women's clubs. This year she gave
nothing to the Young Women's Chris
tian Association and her support was
CTeatly missed at the recent Capitola
conference. In Hearst Hall -she has
Cut down expense* in the culinary de- |
partment and dismissed a night watch
man the had employed. The women's
clubs she has left now to support
.themselves, although it was the un
derstanding that they would eventu
ally become self-supporting. Thus it
is easy to see that the university's
benefactress is curtailing the outgo in
every direction.
The Hearst Domestic Industries
School was designed to open the way
for girls seeking to support them
selves through college. Fine sewing
was taught them and they were paid
at the rate of twenty cents an hour
from the beginning, «o It. really gave
each girl a scholarship. Orders were
taken for sewing and the school made
pelf -supporting so far as possible. Even
with the money earned, however, the
school was a source of great expense
to Mrs. Hearst and she found herself
compelled to spend annually something
like $10,000. ¦
GIVES XO WARNING.
"Mrs, Hearst did not give us any
earning of what she intended to do,"
said Miss Hicks, the supervisor of the
Ecbooi to-day. "She simply wrote that
ehe had decided to withdraw her sup
port because the results did not Justify
further sacrifices. It Is possible that
we may be able to continue the school
and I am hopeful that we will re
ceive assistance from some-, other
source."
Neither President Wheeler nor any
of Mrs. Hearst's representatives could
be found to-day and, therefore, no
definite statement could be obtained as
to whether. 'she intends ultimately to
withdraw ' her support entirely from
the university.
Arthur R. and Margaret I. Phillip* to F.
"W. Bartlett and George A. Scott, lots 16 to 10.
and S half of tot 20. block B. lots 8 to 10, 15
and 10, block C. map No. 2, Bateman Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Carrie E. Bridge (wife of Henry) to C.
O'Brien Reddln. lot\en W line of Grand street.
60 S of Clement avesue, a 25 by W ION block
65. Encinal, and lands adjacent. Alameda; $10.
Luther J. and Mary E. Holton to Mary I J.
Kelly (wife of John J.). lot on E line of Grand
street. 70 from new N line of Encinal avenne
as widened to 80 feet. N 30 by E 13$ portion
of lots 7 and ft. block F, Oak Park. Alameda.
warranty deed; $10.
Same to Martin Yora, lot on S line of A1I
ston way 89.0:5 W of Mllvla street. W 4O by S
97.66. being W 40 feet of lots 5 and tt. block 4.
same map. Berkeley; $1<>.
Martin Foss to Harriet L. Foss (wife), same;
$10.
F. W. Foss Company (a corportlon) to same
(wife of Martin), lot on S line of AMstnn way,
79.93 W of Milvia street. W ID by S 87.60.
portion of lots 5 and 6. olock 4, ftrap Shattuck
Tract No. 2. Berkeley: $10.
F. W. and Ann M. Martin and Henrietta L..
L. W. and Myrtle E. Fcss and E. T. Paulson
(single) to F. W. Foss Company (a corpora
tion), lota 24 and 25. block D, map resubdl
vl.«lon block D. Blake Tract. Berkeley; aluo
all Interest in following: Lots 2t» to 29 and W
10 feet of tot SO. block D, same map, Berke
ley; also lots 9. 10 and 43. map Shattuck Tract
No 1. Berkeley: also lots 5 and 6 (except W 4U
feet thereof), block 4, map Shattuck Tract No.
1. Berkeley: $10.
Frank T. and Addle McHenry to C. M.
MacGregor. lot on NW corner of Eleventh and
Oak streets. N 100 by W 90. block 165. Oak
land; ?10.
Mary E. and W. Frederick Brock (husband
and a* attorney) to A. H. Norton (single),
lots 4!) and 50. Klmball Tract. Oakland: $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to George H. Blowers,
lot 2. block G. map Santa Fe R. R. Tract
Nc. 2. Oakland, deed and agreement; $10.
Alma B. Andersen (widow) to H. L. Myer*.
lot 11 block CJ. map Tuohy's seconrt addition
to Berkeley. Oakland Township; $100.
John Tuohy to sum?, lot 12, block G, name
map. Oakland Township; $10.
F. S. Pass to A. R. Phillips, lots 16 and 17.
block B map No. 2, Bateman Tract, Berkeley;'
$10.
Edward Malley (stnsrle) to Walter Sorensen.
lot on E line of Harper street. 37.15 S of
Rusjell. 3 37 by E 122. portion lots 10. 17 and
18. subdivision block 10, Central Fark Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Alfred and Susanna Buhne to Henry V. air:
Amelia Armstrong, lot on W Una of Ninth
•tteet. 4C3.C3 S of Charming way, S 25 by W
130, lot 17. block l'U;. corrected map Avery
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
William and Minerva Wilkinson t» Mrs.
Fredertca Oarrett. lot on S line of 8outh
Atherton street, 220.46 9 of Channlng way,
S 50 by W 00. portion lot 7, map Ryer Tract,
etc.. Berkeley; $10.
O. G. and Elizabeth B. May to Tachl*. I.
Burnett (widow). Jot on SE corner. Euclid
and Daley avenues. 42 on Euclid avenue by
right angle 125. being N 42 feet of lot 7. block
11. Daley's st-pnlc Park. Berkeley; $10.
James J. and Margaret Dempsey to John
Andersen (single). lot beginning at common
corner of lota .2. 3. 29 and 30. block A. thence
NW slons line dividing aforesaid lots 2 and 3
to SE line Walsworth street as widened,
thence NE to point 26 SW from line dividing
loU 1 and 2. thence SE to point 26:8 NE
from point of beginning. 8\V to beginning,
portion lot 2. .block A. lands Oakland View
Hrmestead Association, etc.. Oakland; $10.
Daniel and Adelaide Robertson to Ira
Vaughan. lot on W line of Pine street 25:7V*
N of Atlantic. N 23 by W XO:7*£, tot 2. block
30. land on same. Oakland; $10.
Charles H. and Laura N. Butler to William
H. Hardy, lot beginning at point on N line of
blcck 4$. town Encinal, and land adjacent, dis
tant 1!K>:2 E from NW corner of said block
48. E 5. S 00:11. W 50. N to point 12 S from
center of line in railroad track, E to beginning.
Alameda; $10.
Catherine Jennings (tingle) to Daniel Hol
land, lot on S line of West street, 117:3 K of
Center, E 30 by S 120. portion lot 22. block
552. map of Eighth-street Tract. Oakland; $10.
Sarah E. Harris (widow) to Lea Myers (sin
gle), lot 2tt, Austin Park. Oakland; $10.
Delia Fernandas and Antonio Leonardo (sin
gle) to Jefferson It. King, lot on K line of
Wood street, 5O:7V4 8 of Atlantic. S 25 by B
80:"Vj, lot 19 block 28, land on Oakland Point
(railroad ferry landing) Tract 40«, Oakland;
flO. 4
Ervin S. and Ada H. Chapman to Nancy J.
Bowera (wife of Herbert 8.), lot on N linn of
Garber (or Berkeley) avenue. 369- E of Pied
mont avenue (or Central street), E 61:8 by N
102:5, lot 9, block D, property of Berkeley
Homestead Association. Berkeley; $10.
Benjamla S. Corger Uingle) to Annie B.
Combi (wife of J. A.), lot on S Una of Thirty
eighth street, 134.20 W of West. W 2G.01. S
125.73, E 28. N 126.45, lot 13, block G, Major
Given Tract, Oakland; \*1 4.
Alice C. and Agnes Bousfleld (or BoMfletd)
to May E. Hardy (wife of Georga F.>. lot on
NW line of Thirteenth avenue. 107 NE of Ea«it
Seventeenth. NE 30 bv NW 150, block 92. Clin
ton, East Oakland; ?'¦'>-
Mae E. and George F. Hardy to Edith John
son same, East Oakland; $10.
Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to To«i»
of Emeryville ta corporation) lot at Intersec
tion of S line of Forty-firth (or Wallace) ave
nue. Coggeshall Tract. and.E line of San Pablo
avenue and E boundary line of Coggeshall
Tract, E along S Una of Forty-fifth avenu«
extended E to W line of Adeline street, N a*»
to point where N* line of Forty-fifth avenue
extended E woujd Intersect said W line of Ad
eline street, thence W along said N line of
Forty-fifth avenue extended E to Ita Intersec
tion with K boundary line of Coggeshall Tract.
S to beginning, for use? and purposes of a pub
lic street, Emeryville, Oakland Township, quit
claim deed; $10.
Same to same, lot at Intersection of Forty
•eventh (or Auburn) avenue, said map, and E
boundary line of Coggeshall Tract, etc., K
along Mid line of Fcrty-seventh avenue ex
tended i; to W line of Adeline street, N 90.
etc., W along N line of Forty-seventh avenue
extended E to lntertectlon with E boundary
line of said tract, thence S to beginning. Em
er^i-tlle. Oakland Township, quitclaim deed;
Alameda County.
THURSDAY, MAY 2B.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. .
The gold medal for elocution was
awarded to Richard Willitt of the
graduating class. Ambroee , Mahoney
won the silver medal for elocution in
the preparatory department and Ed
ward Tompkinson the- gold medal for
the essay. Testimonials for gentleman
ly conduct were awarded to the 8lx
members of the graduating clatfs and
many others in the lower classes. The
awards were made to the following
named: • .
Academic department, first class — Norman
Semton W. E. Davi*. Richmond J. Mahonev.
Robert 'P. Currln, Richard A. WiUltt. Regis
Sturrett. Second class — Louis P. Degener.-
Jame« Lee, Hiram J. Llngschelg, Joseph
Marslll.
Intermediate department, first class— Frank
Be&son Otto Graff, Edward Tomkinson, John
Fenton, Haymond Blggy, Beverly Lundy. Gus
to-/ Colnon. Second class— George Fox, Inez
Piero Joreph Connolly. MIkuoI N'mei. Ed
ward' Catnon. Alvln Bookmyer, Rodolph Tor
ree. Earl Wilson.
Preparatory department, first class — Joeepn.
Bourdaa, Theodore Davle, Ambrose Mahoney.
Harry Myers. Leroy McCarthy, Victor Wester
bers. Second, claso— Roy Beasely. John Busch.
Vincent Cooney. Willie G. Brldgwood. Robert
Graff, George Lafltte, Jack Lafltte, Bertram
O'Brien. Joseph Torres.
Primary department — Edward Murphy. Les
ter Cranz, Beldman Kettler.
Music, o\erture, academy orchestra; recita
tion. Jack Lafltte and H. Bookmyer: hymn,
"Our Queen Immaculate," cftolr: dialogue,
"Coonlng," John Busch and Harold Nash;
piano- solo, march. , Nicholas Clecak; concert
recitations, "Give the Little Boys a Chance,"
primary department; solo. "Ht-ll». Cential."
Guasfe ColEon; violin eolo. "Pony(Hace," Vic
tor Westerberg; recitation, Regis Starratt and
W. Bridgewoodr dialogue. "French," Joseph
Bourdaa and O Colson; piano solo, callop.
Harold Nash; duet, "Heart, Have No Fear."
W. Crone and E. Haynes; violin solo, valee,
James Lee; recitations. K. Hope Curran and
Wave Davis; calisthenics, 'dumbbells, prepara
tory department: "There"* No Flag Like the
Red. White and Blue," choir; dialogue. "A
SllKht Misunderstanding." N. Ciecak and
Joseph Connolly; recitation, Ambrose Mahoney
and Walter Crone; violin solo. "Blaze Away,"
Alvan Bookmyer; recitation, German classes;
song, "Johnny Schmoker," select choir; mu
sic, "Hiawatha," academy orchestra ; topsy
turvy souk, little* boys; recitation. Theodore
Da vie and 'Leroy McCarthy; piano duet. El
wood Haynes and H. Nash; song duet. "W'hero
the Warbling Waters Flow," J. Bourdaa and
G. Co. son; recitation, James Lee and Raymond
Piggy; violin eolo. "Poet and Peasant," It.
Wtllitt; concert recitation. "God Bless Our
Flag." preparatory department; ! vocal solo.
"Always in the Way," Bertram O'Brien: recl
tatlop. Norman Fenton and Joseph Bourdan ;
vlolln\duet, A. Bookmyer and V. Westerbtrg;
dialogue, "Laiit Day of. School." Otto Graff,
Edward Calnon, Frank Besson and John Fen
ton; calisthenics, Indian clubs, class; vocal
music, "Frlendflhlp Duet." W. Crone and John
Busch; recitations R. Mahoney and Louis P.
Degener; violin solo. "La Zingani." Paul Del
sol; concert recitation, "The Indian." Inter
mediate department; son? chorus. "My Own
United States." choir; recitation, A. Bock
myer and Richard Willitt; duet. "Music and
Her Sister Song." J. O'Brien and' J. Bourdaa.
Bright youths of all ages and sizes
received their reward for Talthf ul work
during the term just closed at St.
Joseph's Academy this afternoon. The
occasion was the closing exercises, and
a large number of proud fathers, moth
ers and sisters gathered there to see
their kin honored. Brother Qenebern,
principal of the school, presided in the
great afiditorium, and under his direc
tion the following programme was cai
ried out: "I •>'¦/*<
Berkeley Office. San Francisco 'Call,
\i * /.;. 2118 Center Street, May 27.
HOUSTON, Tex., May 27.— A small
iron chest, known to contain gold and
supposed to hold $12,000 In Mexican
cqjn, was pumped from Buffalo Bayou,
which is being deepened into a ship
channel by a. steel dredger.
The dredger is working just off the
San Jacintcf ( battle ground and for days
dozens of Spanish muskets, thousands
of Minie balls and other relics of the
flight, which were hurled into the
stream by Santa Anna's men In their
hurry, have been pumped out.
Yesterday a heavy object fell from
the exhaust pipe. With a pickax, a
workman pried It open, then picked it
up and ran off, managing to escape,
although pursued. Several of the Span
ish coins dropped from it.
Santa Anna is known to have made
way with two chests, each containing
$12,000, by throwing them into the
stream and treasure hunters have been
at work for years trying to recover
them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gold and Silver Medals Go
to Students Who Speak
Best From the Rostrum
His Entire Countenance Left
an Unrecognizable Mass by
the Severity of the Blow
Charles P. Tye, the lightweight box
er, charged with Insanity, cried like a
child to-day when the complaint made
against him by his brother Walter was
read to him,, Seemingly he appreciated
his terrible condition, and yet a short
time afterward was talking of building
a $30,000 hammam bath where pugilists
and jockeys could get rid of their
superfluous avoirdupois. His examina
tion has been set for to-morrow morn
ing. It will be before Judge Ogden.
Tye talks incessantly, though former
ly he had little to say. He protests
that the charge against him is an out
rage. He savs that the charge was
made to give him unpleasant notoriety,
and appears to be .deeply affected be
cause his wife and his brother should
be the ones to turn-against him. Tye
has three children, but they are too
young to appreciate the calamity that
as befallen their father.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, May 27.
Accuses His Wife and
Brother of Going Against
Him in His Extremity
Leaves Domestic Industries,
an Institution She Long
Fostered. Without Aid
Twelve Thousand Dollars
Box Is Believed to Contain
Coins of Mexico Worth
CUTS DOWN EXPENSES
CARRIES, OFF TREASURE
CANNOT UNDERSTAND IT
DISFIGURED- -FOR LIFE
Hen ry Nichols, - a . • Young
Plumber, Is the Victim
of a Peculiar Accident
Lightweight Pugilist Cries
Over His Misfortune When
Informed of Complaint
Signs That Benefactress
of University Intends to
Withdraw All Assistance
PROUD PARENTS GATHER
Scholarship and Good Con
duct Win Laurels at St*
Joseph's Boys' Academy
Dredger Pumps It Out of
Buffalo Bayou. Which Is
Being Made Into a Channel
LOSES SUPPORT
OF MRS. HEARST
FACE MANGLED
BY ELEVATOR
BRIGHT YOUTHS
GET DIPLOMAS
TYE'S MENTAL
POWERS WANE
LABORER FINDS
CHEST OF GOLD
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, ; SATURDAY, MAY 2S, 1904.
BRILLIANT
WRITER'S
LIFE ENDS
GEORGE S. EVANS, A TAEENTED
YODNG ATTORNEY OF OAK
LAND. WHO DIED THURSDAY.
6
WANT ADS.
Gifts given to-day for , Sunday
The SUNDAY CALL has; over
85,000 circulation, principally
in the liomrs; a QUANTITY
and QUALITY that ASSURES
ACTUAL RESULT
Like Our Circulation, These
Premiums Are, High-CIais.
ALCOHOL STOVES.
FREE TO CLASSIFIED AD-
VERTISERS
IN SUNIVVY EDITION^
On June, list the Oakland
agency and news headquarters
of this paper will be removed
from 1118 Broadway to 1018
Broadway, Oakland, CaL
CALL AGENCY REMOVAL
NOTICE.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAjIIEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77. >
AJLAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4593.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Aching Teeth
Delay Business
As a matter of fact, however, teeth
never ache — it Is the nerves. Never
mind, call it what you like, we can cure
it. We will save the achers if possible.
That is. 'If you wish. Or will extract
them without pain. Fine dental work
fo» little money.
Gold ruiiny ¦ . . SI .00' 8 liver Pillln z » - . .5Oo
Gold Crowns. .$3.00 Porcelain Crown* S3
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 TATLOB ST.. SAW FBAXCISCO.
973 Wasfcinfftoa St., Oakland.
San Yost. - - . ' - tocrauaeatd*United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High aad Low Waters
at Fort Polct entrance to Saa Francisco
Eay. Pcb'Uhed by cfflcial authority of th«
fiuperictendent.
NOTE^ — The high and low waters oeear at
the city front <Hiasl on -street wharf) abont 23
missies Uwr than at Fort Point; ta« height
cf tide Is the same at beta places.
~ 'Time! iT»=>«! tTlme| Time
• I Ft. — Ft. f Ft. : Ft.
• tL XV] (H Wj 1L W| H W|
2S | 4:411— AC'lliM! 4-g 1 4:20! 2.7,10:401 6.0
23 5^5'— OL«;12:2S 4.7j 6:CO 3.011:15 5 9
30 1 «:llt— o.fc! i:i9, 4.7; 5:43 3 . 2 j... .. ,
!H XV i iL Wf ,H Wl it, wj
SI j I S.6j 6:S5;— 0.7,' 2:(Cj 4.7j 6:53) 3.2
NOTE— la the above exposition cf the tides
the early nuarniag tides are gtven In the left
hand calcssn aad the successive tides of the
day la the order cf occurrence as to time- the
fourth tlm« column gives the last tide oT the
day. except whea there are but three tides, as
**.Tt» Pacific Man Cesrpasyi liner Oty ef
• Byisey.I Captain McLean, arrlred yesterday
troc Pariama anJ way ports. The Sydney le*t
aboct 3 o'ciock. bet It ra eeariy 6
•-tefore rin w*s alcsgside her berth. In trying
t>? avcid tfa* Liberia's b»»w tfc* fcvdsey w*s rm
*^:to a niad hesk left hy th» HartK>r Beard's
dredgtrg drrjarttteet. Then the Panama liner's
forward winch west eat cf cocsralsiioa. The
Allies Grffith i'.i w*at she cctild. bat her ef
forts availed nothtejr. and It was not cstfl a
1 " was carried to the San Juan's winch that
the Eydrey showed ; S-* ot life. Zsch by Inch
Takes Long Time to Dock-
ARRIVED.
Friday. May 27
Stmr F A Kirborn. Jahnsea. 7 hours rrora
Port Rodger*.
Stmr Ctntralla. Acfindses. 37 hours from
Eaa Pedro.
Stmr MInecla. Klrkwood, 7« boors from
Ticotna-
Stmr Newsboy. Adler. 36 hours from Cres
cent City.
Etmr Siberia. Smith, 27 days froci Hongkong
via Tokohama 17 days. . via Honolulu 5 days
16 hoars and 31 misctes.
gtrar Rival. McClement*. 40 hours from San
Pedro. .
Stxnr Jeanie. Moore. S3 hoars from Seattle.
Stmr Brooklyn. Johnson, li hours from Men
doclso. -
Shipping Intelligence.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
'L!rt of Lights and .Fos ElgnaJs, Pacific
Co**t. li*CS. page 16. No. 34. asd the List cf
L'-M«. He" and Daymarks, Pacific Coast.
1304. rare 22.) 1 I
Autivr .k . .-•'!¦>- rivr- that the repairs to
the :._--¦-.:. machinery at Alcatraz Island. San
Frincis'TO Bay. CaL. have been completed and
hereafter the bell will be souaded as urual
dcrlrig thtck cr foegy weather.
Ey crdcr cf the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAT. Ccmmander. V. S. N..
laspectcr Twelfta Lighthouse District.
Votice to 3Iariners.
LOATH AZ FOG BELL--CALIFORNIA
Baggage transferred to an! from all trains,
steamers, etc.. at low rates. One trunk (sln
gSe trip) 35 cents: round trip 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery; ZOS Taylor. C50 Market. Oak
lard Ferrv Deoct. Phone Exchange 44. •
Xotlce to Passengers.
Steamer. ', Destination. f Sails.! Pier.
Slay 28.
! J.'JIieglns.-' Los Acgties Ports. (ll amiPler 2
| San Prtiro. . i Humboldt 4 4 pnsPler S
' Chlco : Astoria & Portland! 4 pm;P!er 2
| Pomcna ; Hurnboldt ll:30p-Pler 9
i Aare'.la Astoria * Portland;12 ra Pier 2
I Eureka : Huraboldt { 1 pmfHler 13
; Xewbarg. .-'. Grays Harbor ( 4 pra Pier 10
Pt. Aresa.. j Point Arena : 4 pm'Pler 2
1 San Juan..- j X. T. via Panan»a.:12 tn.Pier 4:|
[ Nevadan... | Hono. * KafcuUa.! 3 prc Pier »
i S. Monlia. . Los Ar.geles Poru.!12 in'Pler 2
Hay 29. f j
, Marlpcsa.-.j Tahiti direct Ill am.Pler »
i 6. Rosa I San Diego & Way.j 9 arr. Pier 11
May 30. (
'. City Puebla Puget iToond Ports.'ll at^Pler 9
May 31. I
j Bon!ta i Xewpcrt & Way..-! 9 am'Pler 11
J Jeasie i Prattle & Tacoma.i 5 pin Pier 2O
Corona ! Humboldt |l:»0plPier 9
Juno 1. I
; O. VT. Elder Astoria & PortXandsH am Pier 24
i Doric China & Japan j 1 ptniPier 40
» E'.:;abeth.. Coquille River J 5 pmPler 20
i Arcata Cocs B. & Pt. Orfdll2 m|Pler 13
Arctic ; Hursboldt ! 8 iss! Pier 2
Jua« 2. 1 1
Argo ' Eel River Porte. ..I 4 pm Pier 2
St. Paol Nome k St. Michael[ 2 pm'Pler 2<»
i State of Csl I San Diego & Way.! 9 am; Pier Jl
• Fosu Pt. Arena A Albioni « pa|Pler y 2
Jane 3. | |
I Ser&p's- Hamburg it IVay-llZ is [Pier 13
Juae 4. j I
[ Coos Eay-.-i San_Pedro & Way.} 9 amjPler 11
¦ A'srr.-r la i Honolulu ...... 11 am. Mer 7
i Urcattlla... j Pug»t £oac<i Ports. 11 am-Pler 9
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m'Pier 40
June 5. | j
North Fork. HucboMt | 5 pm Pier V>
Alliance... Eureka b. Coos Bay 3 prr.,P:er 18
Juae 6. f
CeJonabta.-.t Astcr-.a A Portland 11 amiPler 2*
Rainier ! Seattle & BUnghcai 4 pmlPler 10 I
! June 7. { | :
j Curacao j Mexican Port* 110 anj.Pler 11 j
I FROM SEATTLE.
Eteaxser. For. Sails.
Cottage City.- Skagway A. Way Pcrts. May 23 !
Hutsboldt Fkagway fc'TVay Pcrts. fMay 31 '
Dirigo j Skagway & "Way Ports. June l
Senator...... Nome {June 1
Oregon j Nome June l
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. (June l
Tacotna ' Nome & Teller June 1
O'.yrapla ' Nome & St. Michael... June 2 !
Garcnne ' Nome tt Golovta Bay.. Jcce 2 1
Rcanoke \ Nome & St. Michael... Juae 4 I
Victoria : Nome ,.. Jane 4 J
Farallcn t Skagway & Way Ports. June » \
J. Dollar ' Valdez & Reward June 8 I
TO SAIL.
NEW TORK— Sailed Stay 27-iStmr Arabic.
for Llverpool-
HALIF AX— Arrived May 27— Stmr Siberian,
from Gia?xow and Liverpool. vl» ; St Johns.
COLON — Arrived May 24 — Star Eegaraaca.
from New Tork.
Eafiid May 25— Stmr City of Washington, for
New Tork. >
IQUIQUE— Arrived May 12— Ger ship Adolf,
from Vancouver.
' HULL— In DOrt Mar 17 — Br ship Strath
gryfe. for Tyne and San Francisco.
COQUIMBO— In port April 17 — Br bark
Harold, fcr Victoria. B C.
GUATAQUIL— Sail*d May 10— Ger rtmr
Ambls. for Hambur*.
YOKOHAMA- Arrived May 14— G«t stair
Aragonla. from Hamburg, for Portland. Ore.
Sailed May 4 — Wh bark John and Wla
throp. for a cruise.
STDNET — Arrived prior to May 27 — Stmr
Sierra, henc* May 5; Br ship Crown of Den
mark, from Port Blakeley.
PORT SAID— Arrived May 27— ec*a «tmr
Alicante, frcm Liverpool, for Manila.
. I.EVCKA — Arrived prior to May 2T — Schr
Rfsslute. from Grays Harbor.
ENSENADA — Sailed May 27. 3 p m — Stair
Curacao, for San Francisco.
PISAGUA— Sailed May 27— Br bark Brod
ick Castle, for Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONOLULU— Sailed May 26— Stmr China.
for Tokoharaa; schr Carrie and Annie, for San
Francisco-
Arrived May 27— Bark Katulanl. hence
May 14.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
POINT RETES— Passtd May 27. $:20 a m—
Strr.r Pasadena from Eureka, for San Pedro.
CHIGNIK BAT— Arrived May 3— Bark Levl
G Burgess hence April 3.
UMPQUA RI\*ER— Arrived May 25— Echr
Ulv. h«nce May 13.
TATOOi?H — Passed May 57— Br ship County
of Kinross, hence May 6 for Burrards Iniet.
Passed in May T> — Stmr Centennial, hence
May 23. for Seattle.
ASTORL\— Sailed May 27— Stmr Geo W
EMer. for San Francisco; schr A F Coats, for
San Pedro.
SEATTLE — Arrived May 26 — Stmr Rainier,
henc* Mav 22.
Arrived May 27 — U S stmr MacArthnr. hence
May 10.
Sailed May 27 — Ger stiar Seraois. for San
Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived May 28 — Sticr National
City, hence May 24: Kar Prentiss. hence May
2C. May 27— Schr John A. hence May ' 13.
Sailed May 27 — Stmr B»e. for San Francisco;
schr Bertha Dolbeer. for San P<nlro: echr On
ward, for San Francisco^
SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 27— Bktn Arago.
for San Frane!«co-
BANDON — Arrived May 27 — Etmr Elizabeth.
h«ice May ?4.
GRATS HARBOR— Sailed May 27— Schr
Vlklnr. for San Francisco.
PORT H A RFORD— Sailed May 27, 10 a in—
Stmr San Pedro, for Saa Francisco; 5 pm.
stmr Asuncion, for San Francisco.
Arrived May 27, 3 p m — Stmr CoqulUe River.
from Eureka.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed May 27— Schr Ban
gor. for San Pedro.
SA>T PEDRO — Arrived May 27— Stmr Scotia,
from - Bowens Landing.
Sailed May 27— Stmr Despatch, for San
Francisco: schr Mary E Russ, for Grays Har
bor; stmr Scctla. fcr San Francisco: rtmr
Chas Nelson, for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived May 27— Bark Vtdette.
from Fort Bra eg.
PORT GAMBLB — Sailed May 27 — Schr
Spokane, for San Francisco. T
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed May 27— Stmr
Bonlta. for San Francisco; stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Dlero.
COOS BAT— Arrived Mar »— Stmr Arcata,
hence May 23.
Sailed May 25 — Stmr Empire, for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORT?
POINT LOBOS. May 27. 10 d m— Weather
fcgry; wind w«st; velocity 12 miles per hour.
SAILED.
Friday. May 27.
Stmr F A Kllbum. Jahns-n. Port Rodirera.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria and Port
la rxl.
Stmr Santa Crux, Alberts. San Pedro and
way pcrts.
Stmr Samoa. Madren. Casrar.
Stmr Rcs>»crar.s, Johnson. St MichaHs.
Stmr Glcsy. Leland. Santa Crux.
Stmr Centralla. Ericsson. Grays Harbor.
S:mr Argo, Dunham. Eel River points.
Stmr North. Fork. Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Gualala. Panier, .
Fr ahlo Heleae Blum, Gruenalls. Noumea.
via Pert Townsend.
Er bark Melanor*. Wills, Port Townsend.
Ektn Makawell. NWson, Tacoma.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Newark. Relnertsen. Stewart* Point-
TELEGRAPHIC.
Stmr Pasadena. Hcariks^n, 30 hours from
Eureka.
Strsr City of Sydney. McLean. 23 days froas
Panama and way ports.
CLEARED.
Friday, May 27.
Sttnr Rceecrans, Johnson. St Michaels; Mat
son Navigation Company.
Stmr Santa Rca*. Alexander. San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Company.'
Stmr North Fork. Nelson, Eureka: Charles
Nelecn Company.
MoTcmeDi' of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
To New Zealand — 13.P4O lb« dried fruit. 52.2*3
!bs raisin*. >* cs- chees*. 375 <•» assorted canned
goods. 2214 Ib« ccSee. 2230 lbs cereal rojds, 5
>" groceri** an^ provisions. 10 pkgs drugs. 9
bales rubber gt»i». 23 bbls lubricating oil. 110
rolls sewrpaper, Z22 pkgs metal poiish. 22,ii5
Its th<>«t lead. 4 cs leather 30 cs boots acd
shoes. 23 crts« rooing. 2r> pkgs sew;ng ir.a:hine
pArt*. 11 "pkg-s tlectrical iuppile». 15 pkgs bi
cycles and rundrirr, O pltg» jragen zaatertal.
To Au»tralia — 53fiO Iba dried fruit. 722 cs a»
sorted canned gro-is, 7O>> lbs ralslsa. CO.C33 Iba
ccfTee. 725 Ibn dried fish. 2532 Ib* niea!», 11 c»
¦*¦¦.'.—. 7, !>2 Its b*ans. 5«i cs grap* Juice, 11 cs
dive*. S til«i ovTalis. 20 cs boots and shoes.
."-- bdls shecks. 15 pkgs dry goods. S14 cs drugs
an<i Kin<lrles. 33 t,bls iubr-.catlng oil. 1»4 pk^rs
windmill. 1C2 pkgs bicycles and sundries, 16
bales robber hose. l£0 crts rocSsg. 13o c» paints.
37 pkgs sewing machine parts. 32 pkgs agricul
tural itnpi»=3-ents. 24 rc!I» *t ca leather. 3 bales
hats. 450 pkgs metal polish.
To South Africa — 230 c» canned salmon, 8
crts builiing material.
T>.« Ocear-lc S:ea=:sl:i? Cc=pa=7"« So=c=a
eai'.ed en 7Tu:rsJay for Syiney via Hcnolulu,
Pi?o Pago asi Auckland, wttb a general tner
chandis* cargo valued at J2C0.130. to be dis
trifcutei as follows: Fcr Honolulu. $*3,£«e;
?air,ca3 I«lan is. Si'."''. New Zealand. 135,445;
Australia. *CS.T32; South Africa. 92150. The
leading exr<:rts were as flioows:
Tt> Hxsol-ala— IZ-U jigs freih frelt. 136 pkgs
fresh xtsttMVtem, 13.21T Ib« fresh meat, 1013
Its dressed ycultrr. 1350 !b« rut*. $431 lbs ham
aril fcaccn. 1CT4 Ifc« fresh fish. 17 pkg» cyrters,
1221 pkgi potatoes. 7070 lbs butter. 2374 lbs
m-sls. 475-S gal* 3 c« wine. 127 pkgs onisnsv
14S cs cacnea g«>is. S3 pkgs groceries and pro
v;«i-:n«. BSOO Its colfish 2&34 lb« cheese. 11.
726 Ib» rnliJUngF. \Ut ga'.s 103 c» whisky. 460
lbs t«?a. 61 « tatie {¦¦reparations. 23 casks bot
tlod t**r. &2 pkgs pane. 1SS3 lbs bread. 30 cs
mlDTlpi water. 300 !t* lar-L 5 btls eaimon. 7500
lbs Fugar. llw c» «ggs. 7 ctls wheat. 450 lbs
mifin*. »^> lbs 21 bxs <irie»1 fruit. 11,071 lbs 8
c» manufartur^i tctacco. 27 cs hate. 141 plyrs
dry goods*" 7 bales ho*e. 3 csi arms and eninu
nitn-n. 3 tales leather. 32 pkgs machinery, 171
cs boots ao-1 ibo«. 41 coils rop-s. 10 btii coal
tar. 2t»> rcll* paper, 31 fkgs drags and chemi
ca.i.% 3«> bdU wtre goods. 54 pkgs p*ints asd
oils. 1200 lb« tinplate. 1C3 pkg* 15 bars Iron.
€2O* lbs sola, 16 : ..-- > ¦ ; . V> bciler tub^s, 17.-
S25 lbs yellow metal. Ui trlls shocks. IS pkgs
raiircal material. 5 pkgs electrical supplies.
To Ssnou I*:an-is — 24 bfcls Cour, 10>5 cs
canati 13 half t • :.* pickied salmon. £0 gals
wice. IS pkgs potatoes, S16 lbs 3 cs nyais 6 cs
eggs. 14 pk.ps fresh fruits. 143 pkgs groceries
and previsions. 93 c* canned goods. 355 lbs cof
fee. 125O lbs nce, 3 c« arri» and » ""ITrffTt
4 pksa dry grxxis, S7 pes 27 pkxs mill work. 141
pk^s naval mtore*. 10 c» coal o:l.
The Sonoma's Car^o.
The eteainer R;-»ecrari was cleared yesterday
fcr St. Michae! Alaska, with »€«.&» gallons
=f cruie «! la Irulk, valued at $32,000.
Shipping Merchant*.
Matters of Interest to Mariners ar.d
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Stearaer. ; From. j Due.
tan Pedro San Pedro ;..MayJ8
S. Mc=ica ; Grays Harbor May i}
Bodta N>w-<rt & Way Ports. M«y 2*
E=iplre ; Coos Bay 'May 23
G. Dollar San Pedro j May 23
.Ccrtna , Humboi-lt May 29
G. W. Elier.. ; Portland & Astoria ?May 29
Chas. Neiscn. \ San Pedro May 29
Curacao ! Mexican Pcrta j May 29
Ne-Rburg San Pedro 'May 23
Arctic ,• Huniboldt i May 29
Edith , Seattle jMay 30
State c£ Chi:: I .=*a Diego tc. Way Pta.iMay 30
Czarina } Coos Bay May 3i
Serapis ! F-att> -.May 30
Arcata ' Coos Eay & Pt Orford. r May 30
Elisabeth > Coqutlle River 'May .-^l
Eureka Kun-.boldt iMay 31
Alarseda BoBOtnla May 3t
Umatlila ' Ptiget Scur.d Ports !May 31
Pcrro r Point Arena & AibJoc.JMay 31
Argo E*l K'.ver Ports May 31
Citv Peking.. New Tcrk \la Panama. 'May 31
Tellus • Oyster Harbor (jus" 1
Newport New Tork via Pacarca.i June t
Santa Cruz..-: San Pedro A Way Pts.'June 1
Pocncca : Humbert June 1
Ri'n'tr • S*a*.:le & B5ninghac. ! Ju.-.e 2
North Fork..; Hmnbol^l Juae 2
Point Arer-a..; Mer.-ioc!no «.- Pt. Arena.'June 2
FantaRcsa.. ; 5an-Di^go & Way Ports June 2
Ctn:er = tal. .. ¦ Seattle A Tacoraa .Juce 3
.Alli-mcr- Portland & Way Ports-iJoce 3
Columbia Portland & Ajtaria 'June 3
Q--een ', Puge: Socnd • Ports 'June 5
Ventura i Sydr.ey & Way Ports. >Jun» C
Cl'y Para N«w Tcrk ria Piaaaa.'Jaie S
The new t=?boe.t Arabs, which has been built
by the PBltOO Ircn Works for the Pacific Mail
Steasship Ccn:paEy. wiu b« launched froa tb»
work* at Harbor View at 11:15 thli coming.
No rtea=ship cctrra^y prcbaily ever needed
anythiryr <;a:te eo tadly a» the PaelSc Mail
Corrr-arty T»<;uires thi* tug. Tie Millea Grif
fith, which at present »erve» In that capacity,
has be«n played cut for years, ari wjih the i~
cr«a«n!r *!ze cf the coirpany's vee»»is her use
f-!sess has disappeared. Passengers who nave
vtltei w*»ry hocrs trblle tke .!...•- Griffith
has puffed an-1 etrjggled w,:h the outswucg
*-l of a Panan^a liner will j^m with dscit cf
£c:als is w«:ccn:irg the Arabs when the is
ready for service.
Will B<r Launched To-Day.
Time "tall.
Bra-ch Hydrcrra^hic Office. V. S. N.. Mer
chants' Extharge. San Francisco. CaL.
May 2T. IV •"
The Tir:s i on the tower cf the Ferry
tj'.Iiing waa c. ,p-i exaptly at soon to-<iay —
I. e. at Eocn cf the L2tth taeridian. or at 3
?. o. Greenwich Uat J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge
fee was jmlled to her U»r:h. and after a two
-curs' rtruirgle th» ii^er w&5 niaie fast and
t<~ ja««*r.gers all^srci a-hore
The Syisey brought 2032 tons cf cargo ut I
tnwrn her nfty-^vea passengers were :=a=y j
coffee plasters. Captain Irv'.n* cf the HI fat»i
Colon ¦»ra* a ra*s*r.ger cc the Syirey as far as ;
Sa= Jo5». where a teieEram recalled b.izz to the !
tcene of the »r*ck-
scnietlsies occurs. The heights given are la
adiltlcn to the socr.dlcgs of the United States
Coast Survey chart*, excert when a rainu* (— )
sim precedes th» height, ar.d then the number
Slven U subtracted frctn the depth given by
the chart*. The r!an» of reference \a the mraa
cf the lower lew waters.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Cozz.
jar.y's ::r:er Siberia. Captain J. TYe
rr.a;r.e Smith, arrived early yesterday
ir.crri^g fr-rrr. thr Orient. Catir.s ar.d
steerape were crowded with passen
r*rrs. nearly MO Is all, ar.d in the held
t^.as a cargo of valuable Oriental taer
char.dise. Of frtijrht there was SS'l
.' tor:s. It included 102 boxes cf Japan
ese g'-'.d y.r. valued is ail at SS.SSo.OOO:
1C14 bales of raw silk, worth $237,000;
1X83 cas-s of Japanese curios; 7760 roils
cf matting; GQQ packages cf rice; 233
f£.ses cf Eilk goods; 4.Z12 packages of
tea ard 1S5S pigs cf tin. The Siberia
discharg*<l *5SS tors cf carrc at Hono
lulu, the tnest freight ever left at the
island pert by one liner.
Fine weather was encountered
throughout the passage and schedule
Aim* was maintained.
The Siberia, vrhich never looked
handsomer, shone like a navy yacht
.In. tte brig-fct sunshine of the early
" meming'. Captain Smith is famous for
. the smart arpearance of his commands
and in keeping- the Siberia up to the
"Tremair.e Smith notch the gallant com
mander has found a man after his cxn.
heart :n Arthur O'Xeil!, his ne"w* chief
cScer. -
' The Siberia brought ~1 cabin pas
: f'r.Efrs, 125 in the steerage and 545
•Asiatics, the majority of whcni were
Japanese.
" . Tfee paspengers included the follow
ing* named:
. i"rc= H~.Z£k?r* — Mrs. l>-,t::e Kavward.
.JRjf J 'V. =cuid*r iz*i wire. Miss 3. C.
"S^-iier Rev. H. A KiCSD zal »"tfe.
2Iaatef D. Kensa. M:ss 41. Kerrr. A.
M>:a^ CiiUH XV. Jackson. Xn S.
• La. Gra^e. Su Too Letn Wcajr. ilr».
¦ !>«: La: Kun. K. ii:=r.er. J. Mair. Mr«. H.
fclii* sci tea. ZZzs* s. Bwt!l. S. E. Robert*.
fcUaer O t:iie. E. Jiiar.ioci. B. L**ar<ia.
Krr T-.-H. P*rd-> de Tiiera. Him C. pard>
c*-Tav-ert, A. W. Ferjuscii a.- A wife. K*.«Urr
. >_ .f>r^-_*cr_ V. Mar* tsd wir*. J. Araneta.
K. ?^ --r-»f» R. Rira-a. V. Xo»i. T. Argu»I
ias. J <e L-<:r.. J. Plroentai. A. Ramie. .11.
Tr:a« 'Mra. M. L>eizri3.. V. Ne>jrs.nc*na. C.
oe l>r;r. i. •'.:•. tro. A. Roc** II. VI. Ramirez
T. H. PanJo if Tavera. Maf.tr* C. ar.J A. d»
¦ Tivera. M.-» C Prleto aad child. Ortais T.
Hari=jtr:= and wile. T. G. dei Roearto. P.
l^.-.cafca.. K. <1« IrUri*. £. Lui. H. B. O*nato.
E R^raa. J. d* Lovraffa. Ik. M. G. Mirtmea.
,J. Orteya. J. V;:'iar;'-*-. J. Ag-caviUt. E. ¦!«• l.s
.- -¦ - f VI. <."*:>;<. L. >~i. LJ^uete. B. M:t:r*aU
V. SiZiZTTT-. J A. de Cattro. A.
• Albert. H, RanuTvio. V. Liarrxs. L. Nov'sarto,
<i. Gcrr.tr J. Rej« M. R. G*r^to. A. R.
MtEdcsa. H. Lazuriiga. M. H. Bauristta. A.
Ot Rar-ic*. « ikBaca. Mi!r» A- Sliva, I>r. C
-. Ijuper zz-i w.f*-. Ma*ter B. Haxer, Mlsa E.
• Ka«er. J. H. Z^-Tns. I. ChasOHta.
- «?"ha.rrtai— iirs. J. s.ni iSin O. Archold.
.'My. H F. il«rers. C. Leissaex. Hit* H.
HflCt Mrs L M^rriU. Mr* G. K. Gaie. Hits
M Pratt. Mr?. E J>-«-^ H. E. Shen. Narg
Hoo L*w Chan Poc. Mr? F. Graves, ILm J.
Cnnc J. E. Kyz<r. il:w* E. EL Butler, Mias
K'.' Pezsunxton. Jlr». E» B. Drew. G. Oberrj".
Ch^i ChSa Tung, itr» C. Deabr and chill.
Jisi»t«r» J. asd C. Desfcy. JI.-s M. L. Slruve.
ft. D. W"i:a*r asd trii*. Sirt. T. D. Wilder.
Muttri G. ar.d S. 'Vr:;i*r. li'.«*+* r. .taa M.
. TV«:<ftr, St. Kri's Bad w.:#, II. Ku^sch. Sir*.
-E .Elci-'er.
Kob^w-Vr. S. G. G'lr.ea, II. Van B. Vcllen
1 i. -r.
Tckoha=a— Dr. E. C. BcWetfr. Mm. D. Rad
cliS X. J. CroH, C. P. F. K^Ilog. Sir F.
Tre^e*. Lady Treve*. Maior S. C. Rai^Ui
4 iZrt A. W. Jackson, iiitm A. M. Jofesstooe.
Sirs A. Jchsrt5t«. Ifn. 3J. f=chi==i#Kpr»r.nlg.
*E. I Bate*. SeJ«» A. H- Frott. G. E. Rock
•o-<ysd Kad wife. J. M. Taylor. E. A. Cocrad
mz.i. Vtfe. A. F. Thar.e. L. C. H^rkirj Mix
Si. M HcpidE* W. N. P*.ckari *r-2 wife. 31.
J Pttter«?s ari wife. J. C. EJwar-is and wife.
P.. W. Conatt, A. P. F-rl. W. Gra«». Mr*.
*V,-. C Ashley. Mi?» T- B. CTark. O. Fredericks
P. QaeUrser. M'ts E. J. Seidca. M;»» J. S.
ir.i'TL. >:. if. Swift ar.d wife. Ma F. T.
Gisf. MU« Marjory Gar.*. Miss G. Gane, Mrs.
•J Vortfctttttm. Rev. W. B. Pantley, Mm.
XV. B. Parr h ley. Jfn. M. M. Caroenter. H.
* Ft»'r.rs«r.. Mr». S. K. P<»rt»r. MIm E C.
B»ith. O. Eutro. Ml»« A. Ectro. A- Schibbye
e.z.4 wife. P. d* Maelren-Tc. A. von . Raiovsky.
E T^irte XV. E. Hey arid wife. Mlaw« O an a
M. Hot." Master Charlie Hay. Majer H. R_
E*<;s^*. I>. Kcrt3«owa.. B. C. Vaugnan. Mlr»
L. f>cier. L. C. Jshnscn. W. B. Cciver an3
trlfi S. Yat-ir nkl
Hcaolcla — G. S. FHTsser. H. E. Kershaw,
Licutesart Cotnr^asier XV. W. -Boehanaa.
Lieutecact O.- K. Slocum. Mis* Hcbbs. F. W.
Macfarlase . CoT>nvcr G. R. Carter. Mn. G.
H rarter. Mica Phoebe Carter. Miw Elizabeth
' fsr . er H- A Strong, Dr. OB. Cooper, D.
J MeKAy. Sirs. K. C. Palm»r, J. F. Hra
b-.TT.« W« W. Gathraith. W. H. Hocca. J. R.
Harry. Captata G. Cdl!=s. Mr«. G. CoU!r.«,
Vr* E. J Stcse ar.d dautfcter. Mrs. G. F.
MrLecd, M!w S. M. Rsbert*. ,:;
FLEET CF OIL CABBTDfO SAILING VESSELS. SEVEN IN ALL BOUND FP.OM NEW YORK AND PHILADELPHIA FOR
ORIENTAL POP.TS WHICH HAVE BEEN LISTEP FOR REINSURANCE OWING TO THE SIGHTING O^ WRECKAGE
RRESPOXDXXG TO TKEIR CARGOES. OFF THE KaNTCCKET LIGHT
The evening exercises will be held at
the Alhambra Theater,. beginning at 8
o'clock, and will be presided over by
Colonel A- D. Cutler. The programme
will be as follows:
Overture, "National Air*." First Regiment.
N. G. C. Orchestra; invocation. Rev. J. B.
McQuaide; vocal. '-Sail On. O Ship of State"
— Longfellow — tKratz). Elks' Quartet: re
marks. Hon. Eugene E. Schmitx. Mayer of San
Francisco: vocal duet. "Till We Meet Again."
(Bailey). Miss Minnie E. Hussey and Mrs. R.
L. Partingtca, *Mrs. Gerard Barton accompan
ist; "Lincoln's Gettysburg Address." Comrade
Dr. J. G. Crawford. Lincoln Post. G. A. R.;
oration. Hon. John P. Irish; muaic. First Regi
ment N. G. C, Orchestra: Quartet and chorus
"The" Naticn's- Dead" <F. G. Rohner). forty
girls from Lick Grammar School: vocal. "The
Roll Call"— Staston— (Parks). Elks* Quartet;
vocal solo "Star Spangled Banner" (Key),
Miss Florence RayfleM. the little Pattl : "Anier
ca." orchestra, audience Joining: "Star Span
gled Banner," First Regiment. N. G. C. Or
chestra.
Reading orders of the day. Adjutant G. W.
Chaplin; remarks. Commander C. L. Herman;
prayer. .Chaplain H. Hart: recitation. Misa Ella
A. Chaplin:, address. Colonel Dennis Geary;
strewing of Cowers, comrades; taps.
EVENING EXERCISES.
Colonel O." F. Long Garrison No. 101.
Regular Army and Navy Union, will
show its respect to the "departed mem
bers of that organization by a special
ceremony at the monument in the Na
tional Cemetery. The following pro
gramme will be observed:
Muelc. marine band <frosi United States
Naval Training Station, Yerba Buena. Cal.);
prayer. Ctaplala P. H. Mass <of Phelj^s
Squadron Xo. .12, United States Vereraa
Navy): hymn Quartet; address. Captain F.
G. Wisker <cf. Phelps Squadron No. 12. United
States Veteran" Navy); music marine band: pa
triotic a£dn?!«s, Shirniate Joseph G. Crawfori
M.D tcf Phelps Svjoadron No. 12. United
States Veteran Navy): hymn. "America."
quartet • (audience Joining): recitation. "Memo
rial Day," Mr*. Charles M. Price: music, ma
rine band: nr-wisg of flowers on the ocein
and firing rsinut? guns, under direction of
Commander John J. Fcley. of Phelpa Squadron
No 12. United States Veteran Navy: Lord's
Prayer.' Chaplain P. H. Mass. leader: taps.
Lieutenant Arthur McK»* <of Pr-»lwt Squadron
No. 12. United States Veteran Sitj).
The naval programme of the- day will
be a separate affair, conducted under
the auspices of Phelps Squadron No.
12, United States Veteran Navy. The
United States tug Slocum will leave the
transport dock at 7 a. m.. and upon its
arrival at the Golden Gate the follow
ing ceremonies will be performed:
HONORS FOR XAVAL. HEROES.
Glsh: vocal. "Mcstered Out" (Maopis). Knlck
erbockT Quartet: music, selections. Third Ar
tillery Band. D. S. A.; firing volley over «ol
diers' graves, detail United States trooy«;
"America." Third Artillery Band. U. S. A..
audlenc* joining: "Star Spangled Banner,"
Third Artillery Band. U. S. A.; taps, bugler,
U. S. A.
Healr. Tlbbitta & Co. hare secured the cos
tract tar rebuilding the wharf of the Pacinc Oil
Transportation Company at Gavicta, on the
Santa Barbara channel. The wUar; Wita recent,
ly knocked down by the steam schooner Lakise.
The new structure wl!l be rubs^stlal and built
according to th« Latest methods far securing
strength and r^rnwnency.
Will Build New Wharf.
The British ahlp CypromeB*. Thich arrlTed
here February 20 frcra SaUsas Cror and Is at
the Union Iron Wcrks repairtE« damages »os
tained at the southern port and when entering
this harbor, ha* been bought by John R5«n
feld's Sens. The purchase price was SSGCO.
The repairs, the erpense of which will b« as
sumed by the new owners, will cost S23.&O.
and in consideration ot this amour. i cf work
being dene in an American shipyard there
probably will be no difficulty about gettlsg
American registry for the vessel.
Cypromcne Changes Owner?.
Damage of "not .much extent was
caused in Smithland, Livingston Coun
ty, Illinois, by hail and wind; at Ham
letsville, a few miles above Smithland,
and also at Birdsville, a short distance
from New Liberty.
TORONTO. Kans.. May 27.— News
reached here this evening of a tornado
last night at Pleasant Grove, southwest
of here. David Fellingham was killed
and his wife was badly Injured. The
Fellingharn house was demolished.
Heavy rains followed the storm and all
the streams are bank full.
PADUCAH. Ky., May 27.— Telegraph
wires are down and but meager details
have been . received of the tornado
which is reported to have destroyed the
village of New Liberty. Pope County,
Illinois. No fatalities are reported.
GOLCOXDA. 111.. May 27.— The vill
age of New Liberty, Pope County, Illi
nois, on the Ohio River, is reported to
have been destroyed by a tornado. Not
a building was left standing. No lives,
however, were lost.
Immediately after the parade the va
rious organizations will proceed to the
cemeteries, to which they have been
already assigned, and there participate
in the exercises, which will begin at
10:30 o'clock- A short parade from the
entrance of the cemeteries to the
graves of the soldiers will precede the
exercises. The programme arranged for
the national cemetery at the Presidio
is as follows:
Firimr minute guns. Fifth Artillery. tT- S.
A.; music, selection?*. Twenty-eighth Infantry
Band. U. S. A.: Invocation. Rer. J. A. B. Wil
son: remarks by chairman of the day. Com
rade W. E. Estes; vocal. "The OM Flag "For
ever" <Le!la France). California Quartet;
'¦Lincoln's Gettysburg Addresw.1 Miss H. J.
Hassenmul!»r: music, selections. Twenty-eighth
Infantry Band. U. S. A.; oraticn. Rev. George
C. Adams; vocal. "Honor to the Soldier"
lBoi«Id!eu). California Quartet: firing volleys
ever comrades' graves, Lincoln Post firing
party; etreiring cf Cowers: closing. "America."
Twenty-eighth Infantry Band. U. S. A., audi
ence Joinir.g: "Star Spangled Banner." Twen
ty-eighth Infantry Band, U. S. A.; taps,
bugler. V. S. A.
At the Odd Fellows* Cemetery the
exercises will be as follows:
Firing of minute runs. Fifth Artillery. U. S.
A.; music. Third Artillery Band. U. S. A.; re
marks by chairman of the day. F. L. Turpln,
pest commander Gecrge H. Thomas Post: In
vocation R. R. Bigeiow. chaplain George H.
Thoma* Post: vocal. "The Field of the Ground
ed Arms" — Lcsgfellcw — 'Parks). Knickerbocker
Quartet: "Lincoln's Gettysburg Address."
Comrade C. H. Bliss: mucic. selections. Third
Artillery Band. U. 8. A.: oration, John D.
PIa:oon cf Mounted Police. Captain John
Splllane rommandios. Grand Marshal. J. A.
Whiteside. Chief of Staff. George 6le»en*.
Ninth United State* Cavalry — four troops.
T«rentj--ninth Sixtieth. Sixty-fifth, Slxtr-S«v
enth asd Seren:I«th batteries, United Slates
Coait Artillery- Coienel E. A. Goodwin. Ninth
Caralry commandlnj. First Field Battery,
Captain C. H. Bennett. ArtUlery Ccrpa. com
manding. Two battalions of Infantry- (Tenth
and Twenty-eighth). United States army. Lien
tenant Colonel W L. Pitcher, Twenty-eichth
Infantry. cotnniandlnK. Third Artillery Band.
Second Brigade National Guard ot California.
Thomas F. O'Nell commanding. First Infan
try Reyinienc National Guard of California.
Troop A Cavalry. National Guard cf Califor
nia tdlstsounted). Captain Charles Jan>en com
manding Fifth Infantry Keglaient. National
Guard of California. Company D. Naval MIU
t!a. Captain G W Bauer cotsnianding. Co- 1
lcznbt&n Park Boys' Ciub. Major Sidney S.
Peixotto coanrsandlctr. Relnhoid FUchter
Camp Xo. 127. S- A. W. Veteran*. Captain
Huber commanding-"" " General Ne'scn A. Mile*
Camp No . Captain George C. King com
manding.-' Lincoln Post No. 1. Grand Array of
the Republic. W. E. Estes commander. G«crge
H Thomas Post No. 2. Grand Army cf the
Republic. F I>. Turpln commander. Garfield
Post No." 34] Grand Army of the Republic. J.
H. Hilton commander. Meade Post No. 43.
Urand Army of the Republic W. F. Tooth
aker comnjander. . Ass«>ctated Veterans cf the
Mexican War, O-orse Thtstletoa eomnuodlc;.
i.tr.co'.n Camp No 16. Sons of Veterans. D. S.
Cahen commander. Fair Oaks Camp No. 15.
George S. Gould commander.- Woman's Relief
Corps — Lincoln No. 3. Garfleld No. 21. Meadc
No 61. Ladies of the Graci Army — Seven
Pities Circle No. 3. McKinley Circle. George
H. Thomas Circle. Auxiliary Ladles Spanish
War Veteran*.
AT THE CEMETERIES.
The Memorial day celebration com
mittee at a meeting at the Occidental
Hotel last evening completed the pro
gramme "for the formal .observance of
the national -holiday on Monday^ The
parade on .Van Ness avenue; will start
at 9:30 o'clock.' The procession will- be
in the' following order: -
Army and Navy Veterans
Complete Arrangements
for Monday's Ceremonies
Illinois Tillage Struck, by
a Qyclone and Not a Build
ing Is, Said. to Be Left
Pacific Mail Company's Big Liner Leaves at Honolulu Largest Cargo
Ever Discharged at Island Port — Comes Here With Rich Freight
•; of Oriental Products and Nearly Nine Hundred Passengers
WILL OBSERVE
MEMORIAL DAY
STORM BLOTS
OUT A TOWN
SIBERIA BRINGS JAPANESE
GOLD YEN WORTH $2,935,000
THE SAN FRANaSCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 28;, 1904.
7
jSgKgL||| ROSS VALLEY,
)£g*glgg||Rgg MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
nSSSSfbtSKd&SaEK! Via Sassalito Ferry.
SXTBUKBAX SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from Saa Fraaclsco. week days, at
g-30 T-10 TU5. 8:3a 8:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11-40 a- m. SansaUto only). 12:20. 1:45. 3:15.
400 4:35, 5:1*. 5:50. «:25. 7:15. 8:00. 10:20.
11 -35 d. m. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at" 710 7:45. 9:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
L m i2-20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:35.
5:15. "5:5O. 6:25. 7:15. S:15. »:0O. 10:20. 11:35
P *A^rYre at Saa FrancUco. week days. 6:17.
TOO 7:35 8:15. S: 45. 8:35. 10:20.. 11:05 a. m,
1205 1:25. 2:50. 3UJ5. 4:20. 5:05. 5:40. 8:15.
6-55. '7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
\tgil holidays extra tralas arrive at 12:45. 2:05.
'For^alrfax. week days, depart, at 7:45 a. m..
S-15 p. m.. 5:15 pl ra. (ex. Sat.) Oa Sundays
aad le«^l holidays, at 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:0«X
U:00 11:40 a. ra^ 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:15
aad 8:15 n. m.
THROUGH TRATJCS.
7:45 a. m. daUy— Caxadero and way stations,
9:15 a. na.. Swadays only— For Point Reyes,
3*:15 p. rn., daily except Sanday — For Caxa-
dero. etc. .
5:15 rxra. dally except Saturday aad Sna-
day— For Point Reyes, etc . -
7:15 p. m. Sundays enly — Fcr Pofat Reyes.
8:15 p. m. Sundays only — For Caxadero, etc.
TICKET OFFICE— «28 Market at.
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market a*.'
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
.Gifts given to-day for Snndaj
WANT ADS.
The SUNDAY CALX, has over
85,000 circulation, principalljr
in the homes; a QUANTITY
and QUALITY that ASSURES
ACTUAL. RESULTS.
Like pur Circulation. These
Premiums Are Hisrh-Class.
FREE TO CLASSIFIED AD-
VERTISERS
IX SUNDAY EDITION".
ALCOHOL STOYES.
yS^X H*^v Tratna 1s«t« sad »r» *m»
/>^f<TTr>yN. ta> arrlT* at
[nals^a^Z] SAN FKAKCISCO,
\^v J^TjuI Twon Mat n. O#i.
\V «L>^ ' (Toot «T Mark«t StrMC)
»"' - MAIN LINE. - Aaar^s
7 COa VacsTiJie. Wia^r^ Bass§«y 7-50»
740a B«s!ela, Soliaa. S.=:r» »ad Sacra*
b«bi» 7-W»
74Ca Tailed N"»;». CaUitoca. iisu •
Rosa. Martians. In JUan 1-23 »
7-S0a KHes. LtrerBor*. Trmcy. Laiaroa.
Siociroa ISO*
I CCA Skuu Ex?r»»» — { V:» Darts).
Wc:!aata (far BarUatt S?rfaga>.
Widows. •Fti'.o. K-4 BiaC
Fortiaat. T»cor.». Seattle 7-E3**
•¦OCA D*ri«.Wood:aa4.1Ca!f&U Laadtsx.
SlaryrrnJe. OtotUIs 7-59* 1
S-3CA Fen Costa. Martiaet. Aatioea,
Byroa. Tracy. Su>cktoa. Xe»-
=s»3. to* B»»o«s U e a 1 o : «.
Arai«aa. HaafortL Tlialta.
PorvrriJle „ «»23»
S-5** Par*. Coata. Lttar**. M«4«atav
11 fr;*-;. Freaao. O««a»3 Jaae-
"^ Uea. Eaaford. T!»«Ua. B»ier»-
fieM 4.53»
S-SCa >':>«. Saa Joae. Llvermore. Suck-
tsa. (*M'.;v>s i . 1 03*. Sacrsaeato;
Plae«TTt:ie. Mmjitu:*. Ctz%
Be* BJ«* 4.2O
I JCa Oiki*>. Ck!asae. Juaettova. So-
toTm. Toolsaa* an« Asgela * T3»
IX9a AUmaiieSx?rr»« — O*i*a tad But. 11.23*
S.3C* P.: -i-jscad. Martfaez sstf Way
StaL'oa* f.50*»
tOXOAThe Or-rrtaad Lliatted — frlea,
DeaTer. Oaaas, Ck:ca<3- 5K»
1943CA Ta^ejo^ 12 20»
ICUXSaLm a-»»:*i Fa««»Br5r — Psrt
Costa. Martfaes. Brroa. Traey.
L»:ir>p. Stoektoa. Merced.
Bayaiood. rr-»=o. Gosaea Jiic-
Oon. Haaford- Le=oor». TUaUa.
B*k-r»;e:t Loa A»*->» 7-K»
' t2 CCw Hayvard. 5!!eaaad War SuUoaa. 3.23*
I -IXOp 5itnE»::3?.:Tc ?:-»x-r».. •11.03»
5 13? Vfz.".z'.x. Wtatera. Saeraaeato.
WoodiaBd. K.a!ji'» L»ai:r.i.
MiryiT::ie. Oro»iri« aad "»»y
..„_ tu^ni 13 I2*
SjJip Hayvard. Klles and Way Stattoaa.. 7 5C" 1
JJ0«»Pors Coata. Marttaex. ajrea.
Trtcy. Latarop. M a i • t ; a.
Merewf. BrrfuM. Fr-rao aad
Wij SuCon be;oi4 Fan Cciu 12-20*
4-3CP ToMstte Vall»T. t!«. Bereada aad
Wt*»aa 8-5CA
3^Cp ManTaes. Tracy. S»ck:oa. Lodl... 13 20a
4.CCP Mir.:;*i.«ia !U=-.->3.V*.>.'o.N"»;*.
Ca^ttora. Santa Bo*a. 9 29a
«CC?5ne». Tner. Stockwa. Lodl 4 2C»
4JCp H»r»»-i. KHea. Irrlaftox 5u» -JSO*
Joae. U»erasora 1 til. 60*
6«)p Tie O»l Lla»lt»*— Se»nt». Loa
P »ei *. VtsJau. Fret a 3. Talare,
I.'-- BakersSell. Lea Aocales 3.53*
BX0a> Fort Coata. Traoy. S:ocktoa 1223?»
tSJOP Haj-ward. KPfa and Saa Jose 7 20a
6CC? iiijwird. 5V.M «sd ?ia ;.«. 9 SO*
•.CCP Eutera E*3re»*— Oyifa. DeaTer.
Oissav 5:. Ls::». Ca!cso aad
hit- Fort Costa, Bea!:!a. 5=1-
soa. Elaira. Da*;-. 9aera=r=tot
Boeklla. AsJMra. Colfsz.
Trackee. Boca. Keao. Wada-
»ortX "W!sae=accB 5.23*
I.0CP TaneJo. ixLlj. exc-yt Ssaday.... I f R n»
7XC« Vallejo. Saadaf ea:y f 7 *° m
7-CCp HlebBoad. 9aa Ptt .* Port Cesta.
MarCacx asd Way SuUoas 1123a
7XCp Or*«;a A CaL'forsU Ex?re»t— Sae-
raaeau. MarytTliie. K; :i: = ?.
PorUaad. ?c i". Sooad aa4 Km;. S53*
tJiSP Beaa P*»t*;»-r — Iricir*. Laks
Taaoe 7-50*
I.18P nayward. JTUea asd Saa Joaa(9aa-
dayoaly) 11 53*
COAST LINE (.'axr-w *.xar.u
(Toot o? Market Street.)
7^5a SaauCnuKxcanUntSaadayvaly) 3-10»
••ISA Kewark. Ceaterrl2e. Saa Jose.
Te!u>s. B«alaer Creek, ftaata
Cras aad Way StaUraa. 5 55 m
t2-15» S;»i."i. CeaverrCle. Saa Jo—.
Sew Almadea. L09 Ga:o«.Fe:toa.
Boa><2*T Creek. Saaca Cras aa4
Frtaclsal Way Slatloaa *13 55 a
4.1EB>!fewark.eaaJcte.LosSatasaa4) ?» 55*
vsytudoas 1 :1355*
4.1 5 » Wrtja:, rer^a. Bostder Creek sad
Saata Crsz. S %: iriiy asd Ssada*
; oaly b».55a
; OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
frem BAJl jfHA.> CISCO. Foul of Market U ¦ a.:?<>
— T7:15 »:C0 11:00 *.«. 1C0 3C0 515 ?.«
rr«c U1KLAXD, Foot of Broadway — ?»: Cw 3:38
t8:C6 l-J:tt)AJI. 12 00 2 CO 4X0 ?¦¦¦
COAST LINE (Br»a4 -aarti.
tr* 1 ta'.H aa. Tasrasrad Strteta.)
1.10a Saa Jc*eaad Way Stations. 6 JC»
t7-00A Saa Joa« aad Way Statloaa. 5 iC»
7.15* Mon»rey aa4 Sasta Cru Kxcbt-
aSosi (Soailay oaly> 10^0*
¦¦00a N> w Aiaiadea ¦Tu-i, TrM.. oft , 4-1 3 »
t COa Tne Coai:er— Slop* oniy Saa J :••.
GCroy (cosaecCoa for Hol^s-
/' ler). Pa;«.-;. Castrornia (coa-
aeeUoB to sad from Moatere?
aad Pac!Se Grore). 5\::sn. Saa
Art a. Pa*o Boalea. &aau if ar-
carlta. Saa Loll ObU?<x prtact^aj
uatlani tseace Sari teoaaectloa
for Lom^oo. ?r:=n?«; autloas
taeace Saaf Bar!>ar*.Saa Bsaa*-
Teatvra. Bsraaa'^- Loa Aa^e!es . 1 3 45 »
9.00a Saa Joae. Tres P:zct. Capttois.
eaa:aCrtx.Pac!3cGrore.SaJtaaa.
Eaa Lb!b U3U7O aad Prtacisai .
Way Sutloaa *-13»
IOJOa Saa Jose aad Way Stations.. ...... 1-20p
1140a Saata Clars. Joae. Los Gatb*
aad Way >:«'.!oo« 7J0o>
1 -3Ca> &aa Jcae aad Way StaUoaa 8 2S»
S-CCpOel M-53IS Ex?r-»» oaata Cara,
Saa Jo9^ Dei Moa:a. Mssterey.
PaeUc GroTe (coaaects at -*-•-*
Clara, except Saadsy. for Saata
Craz. Boc:4er Creeb aad N"ir-o»
Gsase Palatal at (Hlroy for !!•>:-
Hater. Tres Pfaoa. at Pajaro far
Saata Crox. at CastrrrUls for
6»ttaa* 12-15*
S-3Ot> Trea Plaoa W»? F»»»<ayer 13*3*
4 J0» *»aa Joae aad Way StaUoas »S-O0a
•5 OOP Saata Clara. Saa Joae. Los Gate*.
aad ?r.a-:?a. Way ?;*»os>(rx-
cept Sunday) rf.QOA
i540p 3aBjcscattdPr!ne!?a;WsyStaCoes J3 <X»
5 <Jp Ssaset Lfaa'.ted.— Kedwood. Saa
Jo«e.Gl!roy.SaIlaa«.Paaoltnbl9s.
Saa Lais Ot>:*po. Saata Barbara,
Loa A3««>». D*3z:ag. El Paao«
»w Orieaaa. Sew Tcrk. Coo-
aects ax Pajaro far Saata Craa -
aad at Cu:dt'.;:« for FactSe
Grove aad Way SuUoci 7.1Qa
rfi-ISp Saaliateo.Bereifcnl.Be:Taoat.Saa
Caries. Ue«wood. Fair Oaks.
MeaJo Park. PaJ» Alto tf-**4
t 30p Saa Joa« aad Way StaUoaa. 6-3?*
I 00t> PaU> Alto aad Way 3:a:: =§ 1315 »
11 .Slim S-Jata SaaFraacUco. Mull ra-. Bsr-
liasasa*. Saa Xateo. Be:=os^
Saa Carlo*. Bedwood. Fi:r Oaks.
M eai* Park, aad ri.iA::i 9-43 »
] i114CpMayfiel4. Mscatala v;.». Soaay- -< ' -¦
Tale, Lawreace. Saata Cara aad
Saa Joae..... a.45»
A for Moraine P for a fteraooa.
' iSaa4ay «xce?te4. i Snaiay onir
« Saturday osOy. • Moaday oaly.
IStoaa at all stattoaa oa Siaday.
CaT'Oa^r tralas «toP7ts« «i Va-.eacls St. t ootaVrsal
ir«i:l3 a.m.. 7:01*. «, ?:3li. 11:38 a. If, J:JCr «,
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lea Ye Tia laasaota ferrr. Arr.»-
8aa Fraadtco Ftat »f lailrt •*. San Franciseo
Week ¦ Sun- i. ; ?a-i- 1
D»r»- 1 days. /x£S%\ ' r^ ; J 1 *!*^
10:00 a 2:05 r '11:05 a
1000 VI 1:00 a 3:J3 r 3.35 r
l:45r.12;20r XtoSS 7 6: *° r .l : i! F
5:15 r; 1:45 r XSy 6:15rlO-.0Sr
...*.....' 4:3»H fc50rf
* Tla Cartry Car. Y Tusaipaia U ItO TtTry.
Ticrrr |«» afAtxrr &r. rNorta aSwre Railroatt)
Omczs <aad a*CSAUTO TiaaT. Foot Market St.
The Weekly Call
$1 per Year.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S UTTLE LIVER PILLS most bear
Fac-simile Signalnreof y^^^^Z^
Cure g ;^l{ B n i tLa VEm
SICK HEADACHE. |p| jl \ff Ef S3
/^^^^H TORPID LIVER. Bfe! •» » "¦ "^
IJ^S \L FURREOTONGUE -p5i K^H f! B 1^
*U TJ CONSTIPATION ly j " " I
SALLOW SKIN *^^^^^™^^™
'. ¦'•• a * m r r-r-%. 8m * n
— A ..^.. \ IX/ETB tm*J10o»*.
ThtyTOUCHthe L.I VEaM *t*n Pric*
Genuine Wrapper Printed on *""
BED PAPER BLACK LETTERS y^k^e^^^y-^
Look f<5* tot Simaton * "^" *W
AUVEBTISEBEELKPTi
RAJIAVAY TRAVEL.
RAILWAY TRAVELw
. The North Western-
Union Pacific Excnrsions
&£cri cs^soaI v r ' r *.* "^^i — cs * - f, avs
ecoacslca: aad usstactsry jocrse; w
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
[ Personafly conducted parties l^&ve
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday.
Leave Los Angeles.cne day earlier.
Choice cf routes.
Fcr fc2 !3f;r=*2ca »?p!y to er tUM \
R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTK.
Gesnal Agezx. Cc=l Ageat fmr De^*,
Gdcare i Nsit^-Wotea Ry. l'=fca PkJ±c R. R.
6 1 7 Mirtet St. No. 1 Montroaery St.
SAS FRASC1SC0, CAL. , \
j CALIFORNIA i
; LIMITED TO CHICAGO ff
! LEAVES DAILY fj
at 0:30 a. n, tiixouya la 3 days, if
j 1 vlth dlaer aad all trappings. If
Ota*r Saata 7* Tralasj
3 :^*-°-l fcr Stockton, Fresao. Bakertfield,
Sloop! E.J Merwd, Hanford aad Vlsalla.
j 4:d}p. m. for Stockton.
j S :00 p. m. fcr Kar»a< City. Grand Caayoa asd
Chicago.
I ticket omcrs — 641 azaxkvt St. asd
Tittt Oepot. 8. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. CaL 87 Soath Tint SU
Saa Joi«.
j ,
I CAL1F0LNU hORTfl^TSTERN RY. CO.
LESSS33
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFY
BAIZ.WAT COKPAHT.
TlVoroa rirrj. 7oot or aiarkat Stre«*.
SA3T raANCTSCO TO SAS »»*«TT fl
WEEK DAYS— T:3a 9:0uv »:<W. ll:0>> a. o.:
12:35. 2:30. 3:4u. i:10. 3:5a «:3«> acd 11:3U
p. to.
Satnrdars — Extra trip st 1:30 p. m.
EUXDATS— 7:30. S:oO. 9:=0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30, 11:30 p. a.
SAN &AFAEX. TO SAJT PBAJT CISCO-
WEEK DATS— 6:u5. «:3O. 7:35. 7:3O. 9:20^
11:15 a. m.; 12: So. t2:0u. 3:40. 5:0a »:20.
6:25 p. ra. Saturdays — Extri. trip at 1:45
SUXDATS— «:50. 7:23. 9:39. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40. 4 :3O. 5:00. 5:20. 6:23. 7:50 p. ta. TEx-
; cept Saturdays.
; l>ave | la E2ect 1 • Arrtre
Saa fraa. I May 1. l»>4- j San t'T*"
Wwk ! Saa- I D«atlaa- ) Saa- I Week
Days. } days, f Uoa. J days. | Days.
I 7:30 aj 7:45 a! 7:45 a
7 XO a| 8.00 a 8:40 a] 8:4O a
S:OOat 8:30 a! Igsado. 10:20 a;iO:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p €:0Op{6:2Op
5:10 pj 5:10 p S:2s>p 7:23 p
• *i ./ » iigd
7^0a| 7:3Oaj 7:43*17:44*
>:t«>a, S:W>a. Xorato. 10:20 a|10:2Oa
2:3Op|9:30aj Petalnxaa 6:20p*6:2Op
5:10 p 2:30 pj aad 7:25 p s 7:23 p
* W f 5:10 p| Saata Rcsa. 3:45 p|
7:3Oa(7:3Oai 10:20 a41O.2O a
8:0Oai S:«>aj FcZtoa. 7:23p!«-2Od
2:30 p{ 2:30 pt - 8:43 p? 7J25 p
T" Wladscr. j
7:30 a 7:30 a Heaidsbur*. 10:20 a'l0:20a
I . Lyttcn. ;
2J0p 2:30pjl Geys«rvl!le. »:ap|7:23p
' { Clovgrdale. * j
7:3OaJ 7:3Oaj HcpUad 110:20 a;10:2» a
2:3Op|2^Op' aad UMah. j 7:23 p! 7:23 p
|~ 1 j j
7:30a; 7:50 a| - Socrwood. (7:25p{7:25p
8:00 al 3:<*>aJ Gnera*Till« aad [10:20 a r 10:20 a
2^0 pj 2:30 pt Carap Vscatloa. ( 8:43 pj 6:20 p
8:0Oa S:COa{ 8:40a 8:40 a
5:10 p 9:30 al Sonoira. ' 6:OO p 6:20 p
v 5:10 pi Glen Ellen. $:45 p
7:3Qa] 7:30 al " (10:23 a!10>» a
2:3Opi2;30pi SebastopoL 1 7:25 pj 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rcsa for White
Sulphur Sprlags; at Fnltca for Altruria aad
Mark West Sprlags: at Lyttoa far Lyttoa
Springs: ax G«y»*nrUle for Sioiggs Spriacjs- at
Clorerdale for the G*r»*rs. Booceni]« aad
Greenwood: at Hcpland for Duacaa Sprlags.
Highland Sprtass. Kelseyviiie. Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakepcrt and Bartleu
Springs; at Cklah for Vichy Sprlags. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laarel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprinrs. Ucper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley
John Day's. RlTerslde. Llerley-s. BockaeU's*
Sanhedrla Heights. HnUvlHe. Orr-s Hoi
Sprtnrs. Halfway H<nwe. Coraptca*. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendodno City. Fort Bran
Westycrt. Usal: at WUHts for Fort Brag!'
Westoort. Sherwood. Cahto. Corelow Laytca-
vllle. CtonmlES. BelTs Sprtags. Harris, Ol-
¦ens. Dyer. GarbenrUle. Pepperwocd. Scotia
and Eoreka.
gatsrday. to Mosday rosad^trip tickets at re-
duced rate*.
Oa Sundays — Rccsd-trip tickets to all nolats
beyond San P.afael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Cfcroclcle
bultdinc-
H-'C. wHrrrxG. r. x. rtan.
Gen. Maaager. Gen. Pass. Aft.California cherries have taken New York by storm and
are selling in the metropolis as one of the greatest
luxuries of the season. It is .well that Gothamites should
know, us-bV our fruits. We may tell them also that we
keep a few for ourselves, but have a deal of trouble with
the shrewd commission men in doing so.
A young pugilist who was submitted to a brutal beat
ing in a recent ring contest in Oakland has gone insane
as the result of the cruel 'injuries inflicted upon him.
And yet both the men who make our laws and those that
enforce them find: no reason to disturb the conditions
which make such. a tragedy possible in a civilized com
munity. .We pay much, in 'morals for American "sport."
FIASCO— Subscriber. City: Fiasco
Is an Italian word for bottle or flask.
In making the old beautiful Venitian
glass. If a workman discovered a
flaw In the delicate work before him
he turned the article Into a common
flask— fiasco. From that, any failure
has been called a fiasco. In Italian
theaters the word Is used to express
dissatisfaction with an actor or singer,
and it Is not Infrequent to hear an
audience shout, if an actor or singer
makes a single mistake, "Ola, ola, fias
co." The word became Americanized
In the sense of expression of utter
failure.
Townsend's California Glace fruits la
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market »t.«
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Pres? Clipping Bureau 'Allen's). 230 Cal*
IXornla street, Telephone Main 1042, *
Importation of Fruits.
One of the many proofs of the vast
ly increased consumption of fruits
among the American people is seen in
the fact that in 1S99 a little mofe than
a million bunches of bananas were ex
ported from Honduras to the United
States. In 1903 the total exceeded two
millions, and consular estimates- put
the probable aggregate in 1904 at three
millions. And imported fruits of many
kinds have fallen off in price as the
years have gone on. The variety of
diet within the reach of families of
moderate means in this quarter of
the world is gratifying to . note, and
the Yankee table, as a rule, is more
bountifully spread for" this generation
than it was for the majority, of our
ancestors.
Gold in' a Statuette.
Many old-fashioned French people
are given to stowing away their pe
cuniary possessions in odd nooks and
corners, often to the bewilderment of
their heirs. A- characteristic story
comes from the environs of Paris, the
heroine of the adventure being an old
lady who expired a few months ago.
She had put by a certain amount of
money, which she bequeathed to two
nephews. One of them waived his
rights in favor of his brother, merely
asking to be allowed to keep a little
statuette as a souvenir of their de
parted relative. One day the servant
of this self-denying individual hap
pened to break the statuette, and. to
the amazement of its owner a lock of
hair, a medallion, and, last.\iot least,
a number of 1000-franc bank notes
dropped out from .among the frag
ments. He retained these articles as
THE meeting of the large number of people who
. are interested in rectification of the rivers which:
cause destructive floods did not result in either the
discussion or presentation of any plan. We fear that
more discussion in the future was caused by preventing
any now than would have occurred in this convention
had expression been free. Enough^ was developed: to
show that certain irreconcilable differences exist between
delta and tule land owners on the south side of 'the
San Joaquin and owners of similar lands in the flood
district. ; v
Perhaps it is better to say that it was developed that
a plan of rectification that would make safe property now
overflowed on the Sacramento might overflow on the San
Joaquin property that is now. safe. The two systems and
the two rivers will have to be kept distinct, treated dif
ferently and not merged in one-^plan if we are to have
fair unanimity, in the. proposed work: The cities of Sac
ramento and Stockton depend for the benefit of .'their
commerce and the, regulation of their freights uponfthe
navigability, respectively, of "the Sacramento and Sail
The broom manufacturers of the United States have
entered into a gigantic association to control the Ameri
can market. And yet we believe we. are safe in 'telling
this new trust that thcre_ is in California an institution
of blind, broom makers that is so dearly held by the
people of, the State that no competition can kill or injure
the patronage given to these pathetically afflicted people.
THE RIVER CONVENTION.
A LEGAL OPINION— M.. Sierra
ville, Cal. The question asked is one
that involves a legal opinion, such as
can only be given when one has heard
all the facts of the case, as much for
a correct answer depends upon a
knowledge of all the facts. Possibly
the question might be answered by
addressing a letter of inquiry to the
nearest United States Land Office,
where similar cases may have been
passed upon, but the letter of inquiry
should give a concise statement of
claims by both sides.
The .divorce court of San Francisco has been, times
without number, the scene of unexpected and inexplicable
incidents of the matrimonial puzzle, but when a man sued
his spouse for a divorce the other day on the ground
that she didn't tajk enough to him observers shook their
heads in wonder. What manner of a man must this; be
to object to what centurie*s of Christian education have
crystallized into a blessing?
The Finger Print.
The finger print method of personal
identification seems to be coming to
the front. It has long been used as
an adjunct to the Bertillon system of
measurement and now we are told
that in England it is superseding that
system, , being regarded as both sim
pler and surer. The trouble with any
measurement system is that the meas
urements of the same man taken by
different persons or at different ages
will differ clightly, and so the identi
fication may fail. Finger prints, on
the other hand, tell their own story
and are subject* to no "personal equa
tion"; while their systems of ridges
and whirl! remain the same from in
fancy to manhood. In a recent Euro
pean case reported in a French pa
per a murderer was detected through
the agency of a-thumb. print on the
rail of a broken sash — so slight a
mark that it was scarcely visible—
but photography enabled it • to be
studied sufficiently for identification.— ,
June Success.
POPULAR VOTE— T. H., City. The
popular vote for President of the Unit
ed States in 1500 was: For all candi
dates, t?.959.633. Of this McKinley <R>
received 7.207.923; Bryan (D.). 6.35S.133;
Wooley «Pro.>. 208,914; Debs (Soc-
Dem.), 87.S14; Mahoney (S. L.). 33,739;
Barker (M. R. Pop.). 50.373; Ellis (U.
R.), 5698; Leonard (U. C). 105D. Mc-
Kinley received 292 and Bryan 135
electoral votes.
THE AUTHOR NAMED — A Sub
scriber, Alameda. Cal. The poem in
which is, "But -whether she came as a
sweet perfume," etc.. writes a friend
of this department, is in "A Newport
Romance," written by Bret Harte.
Anszvers to Queries.
PHOTOGRAPHER— C. S.. City: For
such information as you desire about
the position of photographer under
United States civil service rules ad
dress the Civil Service Commission.
Washington. D. C. ;-
called the Papuan Industries. Limited,
with a capital of $250,000. for the de
velopment of native industries in. Brit
ish New Guinea. The company pledges
Itself to conduct its business on
"Christian principles" — certainly a
novel combination in these days — and
to devote all its profits over 5 per cent
to improving the condition of the na
tive*. That is where the phil
anthropy comes in; also in agreeing
to wait until 1910 for possible divi
dends.
The London Missionary Society has
indorsed the project. George Cadbur>'i
the great Quaker cocoa manufacturer
and newFpaper proprietor, and W. H.
Lever, millionaire soapmaker, both of
whom are renowned for dividend
paying philanthrophy in the shape of
"Garden Cities" for their employes,
have each offered to take $5000 worth
of shares. Many other prominent
business men have pledged their sup
port.
Mr. Walker, the originator and
backbone of the enterprise, 'belongs to
that type of evangelists popularly de
fined as a broad-gauge Christian. He
makes light of distinctions of creed
and for the doctrine of eternal dam
. nation expresses open scorn. He is a
healthy, clear-skinned, virile man of
strong convictions and lots of pluck.
Once, to prevent a shindy among the
natives, he visited, unarmed, a witch
doctor named Tokerieu, who was in
citing the savages against the white
men, and sought to convince him of
the error of his way. Only by fieetness
of foot did he escape being murdered
by Tokerieu's enraged followers, who
probably would have made a meal of
him afterward. But when the writer
asked him if he had ever been in any
tight corners in Xew Guinea, he said,
•'None worth speaking of." and the
story was got from somebody else.
Put the two things together and they
give a good idea of the character of
the man.
"It must not be supposed," he said,
* "that because I am now engaged in
. industrial undertaking I have lost
faith in the efficacy of missions among
the heathen. But missions alone do
not go far enough. Too often they
merely pave the way for the rapacious,
. unscrupulous trader and the devas
tating blight of what is miscalled civi
lization.
"The Question that confronts us is
'•simply whether the same wholesale
degradation and destruction of sav
age races that has taken place in
other parts of the globe is to be re
!peated in New Guinea. If philan
thropic effort continues to concern it
self alone with seeking to convert the
natives to Christianity they are inev
itably doomed. If philanthropy can
be brought to recognize that they have
bodies to save that are worth saving
as well as souls, then they may es
cape extinction and be developed into
useful Industrial communities.
"Their natural occupation is fight
ing. In dealing with them it Is not
enough to cast out that 'one devil.'
When the fighting ceases they have
practically nothing to do. They must
fuse to the bomb and he immediately
spread the alarm.
"The Englisher up In 371 has let loose
a lot of black plague bugs— says we'll
all be dead men before morning. I
think me mother wants me— I have to
go now." He disappeared like a shad
ow. There bega*n to be a general move
ment doorward on the part of the bell
hops.
Then the shadow of terror crept into
the grill. The gay after-theater diners
began to see the air swimming with
black specks. One old man with an
apoplectic countenance felt a cramp in
his leg and immediately began to call
for a doctor. The hurry call for car
riages startled the drivers out on the
curb. Fear spread on the wings of
thought.
In the midst of the alarm came Pro
fessor Reginald Sans-Hicks, a smile
illumining his face from one sideburn
to the other. He stepped Into the ex
cited throng about the office and held
up a deprecating hand.
. "Really, now. my good people, there
Is nothing to be alarmed about after
all. Merely a little »absentmindedness
on my part you know. I had tempor
arily mislaid those bottles in ray lug
gage—immensely valuable"* to science
you know, and all that— and I just
found them. I found them in the leg
of my pajamas."
Bein' Sick.
When I am really sick abed
It Isn't ever any fun
I feel all achy in my head
An' hate to take my medlsun.
Th' sheets get stickyish an* hot.
But I am not allowed to kick
'Em off. er read, er talk a lot
When I am sick.
I hate for all the folks about
To come an* pat me on th 1 face
An' say. "Poor child, you'll soon be out,"
An' tiptoe all around tb* place.
They go when I pretend to be
Asleep — I do It for a trick;
I don't Kke folks to pity me
When I am sick.
My mother's dlff runt — I don't care
If she sits by me once or twice
An' says. "Poor boy." and smooths my
.hair; '
She ain't just tryin' to-be nice.
They bring warm squushy things to me
For meals, an' make me eat 'em quick.
I'm mis'ruble as I can be
When I am sick.
— Burges Johnson, in Harper'js Magazine.
A NEW GUINEA HAVAGE. PAINTED
AND ARMED. ItEADY FOR THE
COMBAT.
THE ENGLISHER HAS LET IX>OSE
A LOT OP BLACK PLAGUE
BUGS.
"Ragging" at Oxford.
The custom of "ragging" at Oxford,
to which the public in England has re
cently been devoting considerable at
tention, seems to be a kind of intermit
tent and in some cases continued haz
ing of certain students, done according
to system and professedly with certain
ends in view. Usually it takea the form
of some sort of personal violence or in
dignity to a student or an injury to his
belongings, and it has been known to
prevent some students from finishing
their courses. The number of things
for which a student may be "ragged"
is indefinite, but the principal ones are
thus enumerated' by a London news
paper which sent a correspondent to
Oxford to investigate the practice:
"Wearing patent leather shoe3 during
the first vear at Oxford.
Carrying a walking stick when in cap
and gown.
"Wearing a silk hat. '
"Wearing cap and gown, except when
unavoidable.
Lack of hospitality.
Lack of money.
Showing slgas of hard study.
Provincial accent. — Xew York Tri
bune.
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
A MAGAZINE to be wholly successful, in the face
of the keen competition that is the life of twentieth
century . progress- and research, must contain
something of interest to everybody, something not only
attractive and entertaining, but instructive as well.
It is the combination of all these elements that has
made the Sunday Call magazine so immensely popular.
Though it is primarily a California paper, published for
the people of California in particular and the entire Pa
cific Coast in general, it draws its subjects all quar
ters of the globe in order to make its pages as diversified
as possible. Tn this respect it is of world-wide interest
and importance. :/':•;*-'
First and as an element in the Sunday Call's
success is its literary excellence. It has gained wide
recognition for its articles and stories of fact and fiction
written by men and women whose names have world
wide prominence and significance. .
As an instance the Sunday Call to-morrow will con
tain "The Debut of Bimbashi Joyce," by A. Conan Doyle,
whose Sherlock Holmes stories arc not more exciting
than this latest creation of his subtle pen. The scene of
the story itself is laid in Egypt, about which this famous
author knows more than any other writer of the day, and
his characters are the soldiers of the British empire and
the mystics of the Nile.
. As a good con tn. st to the "Debut of Bimbashi Joyce"
there is a thrilling story by an American author, a writer
who in his own peculiar field is as famous as A. Conan
Doyle. This is Frank H. Spearman, who, though he has
made "Bucks" one of the most notable and powerful
figures in his railroad stories, has never before made him
the hero of any one of them. This he has done, expressly
for the Sunday Call to-morrow, and "Bucks' " Christmas
night adventure with his own mother's life at stake
forms one of the most pathetic but at the same time*
thoroughly endearing- . stories that Spearman has ever
written. Moreover it shows "Bucks" in his true char
a'ctcr for the first time to those who have grown to love
this character.
Other writers whose names will be recognized for the
excellence of their work are Albert Sonnichsen, who has
an article on "How the Little Japs Fire Big Guns," which
is a personal experience of his own aboard the Yashima
just before the outbreak 'of the present war; Jerome K.
Jerome, whose article on "Hot Stoves I Have Met" is far
more keenly witty than its ludicrous title would seem to
suggest; William J. Shearer, the grc^t Eastern educator,
who writes exclusively for the Sunday Call on the "Sor
rows and Fears of Children" and .how to deal with them;
Headon Hill, whose novel of the workings of the dreaded
Third Section that guards the life of the present Czar of
Russia entitled "By a Hair's Breadth" will be completed
in this.' the fourth and last installment; S. L. Tinsley,
whose dainty little "Half-Hour Storiettes" are as famous
in their way as Anthony Hope's "Dolly Dialogues," h/s
contributed his new story, "The Interrupted Flight," as
has also Jasper Collingwood with his "Bascom's Aris
tocracy."
However, of more pointed and peculiar interest to
women, as well as being timely to a degree, is the brightly
illustrated page by Miss Adele Bruges of New York and
Newport on "How to Pack a Trunk," which has sud
denly become one of the most' lucrative professions open
to young women.
There is also a page on "The Apron Girl of 1904," with
the answers to "What Women Want to Know," which
has become one of the most conspicuous and popular
features of the Sunday. Call magazine.
Likewise of genuine pictorial merit is the page of the
"Fans of the Nations," which is absolutely unique,
though pictorially the first page of the Sunday Call to
morrow will attract instant attention for the dash and
spirit of the June Calendar Girl in a chic and novel cos
tume of flaming red that adorns it, while the music of
the "Legend of the Crow," which will be found on the
back page of the same section, ready to play, will un
doubtedly be whistled and sung everywhere.
These, however., are only a few of the features in the
Sunday Call to-morrow.
Our Coast Lights.
There are 9000 burning lights and sig
nals stretched along the American
coasts, forming a perfect link, so that
the navigator never need be beyond
sight «£ tfne of the beacons. One thou
sand of these are located on the Atlan
tic Coast, 1500 are scattered along the
rivers and inland waterways, 500 on the
Great Lakes and 200 on the Pacific
Coast. Of the grand total, including
lighthouses of different classes, buoys,
beacons and danger signals. 3000 are
lighted, giving forth their warnings at
night time. Of these a score or more
throw a beam of 100.000 candle-power.
To maintain the lighthouse service a
corps* of over 4000 men is constantly
employed and a fleet of more than fifty
vessels. Xo service in the world ex
ceeds our own in completeness and ef
ficiency. A modern AmerVan light
house of. the first class. costs between
$100,000 and $200,000. and of this about
one-third is spent for the electric light
and apparatus alone. Beside one of
them Egyptian Canopus, or Rhodes'
"perfect idol, with profulgent brows,"
whose rays streamed down the purple
seas to Mizraim, would shine as tapers
in the Mediterranean night, with no
place among the seven wonders of the
world, and hardly worth noticing.
some compensation for the smashed
statuette without mentioning the af
fair to hla brother, but having had oc
casion shortly afterward to dismiss his
servant, she betook herself in hot
haste to that gentleman and related
the whole incident. The owner of the
statuette has been requested to hand
over half the sum to his brother and
has been threatened with a lawsuit in
the event of refusal.
The politicians, the lawyers, the financiers and the
agitators have finished their labors in conection with the
construction of the : Panama canal and now the ground
of controversy and of preparation is clear for the actual
digging of the ditch. We have the gratification, there
fore, thaT the greatest and ugliest obstacles have been
overcome and that the rest is easy work for the accom
plishment of one of the most stupendous enterprises of
the age.
Papuan Philanthropy.
f;*rtal Crsrrrfpond^nc
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
5 HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. May 18. — After
spending many years in New Guinea —
Fix as a trader, eight as a missionary —
. the Rev. F. W. Walker has returned
to England to proclaim a new doctrine
of salvation for the heathen by means
- of philsnthrophy that pays 5 per cent.
And it is likely to be tried. A com
' pany is in process of formation, to be
, j.
The Scourge of Sans-Hicks.
It was a night or terror at a down
town hotej.
Professor Reginald Sans-Hicks, Fel
low erf the Royal Academy, member
of the British Bacteriological Associa
tion and vice president of the Societie
Biologique of Paris, had lost his germs
of the black plague somewhere there in
the big hostelry. The first shock of
terror came when Professor Reginald
Sans-Hicks madly summoned the head
clerk to his room by telephone.
"My dear fellow, I have either been
robbed or I have lost my cultures of
plague that I have brought with me
from India," were his frenzied words.
"They were In thr^e small bottles,
tightly corked and labeled; but if one
of these bottles should be opened here
in the hotel half of us would be dead
men before morning. It is the black
plague, mind you— the black plague.
If some bounder has stolen those bot
tles and opens them here in the hotel
we will all be lost— San Francisco will
be lost!" •
They revived the clerk with whiskey
down in the office and immediately he
began to reach for his hat and coat.
"Me for Oakland." he gasped, as he
ducked out of the office on the lope.
One of the bellhops had listened at
the door when Sans-Hlcks had set the
be provided with useful occupations
or the 'seven other devils' — white
men's devils, some of them — will en
ter in and the last state of these peo
ple will be 'worse than the first* "
If Australia be regarded as a con
tinent. New Guinea becomes the larg
est island in the world, being about
1400 miles long and 490 broad at its
greatest width. It possesses magnif
icent mountain ranges, much • land
that is fruitful even under native cul
tivation, mighty rivers that take their
rise far inland, one of them, the Fly
•River, being sixty miles wide 'at its
mouth and navigable 1000 miles from
the sea. The greater portion of the
country is still unexplored.
Here, for the most part Mill utter- ',
ly unacquainted with either the vir- ,
tues or the vices of civilization, dwells
the Papuan. As Mr. Walker describes
him he Is generally a little man. lithe
and slim, seldom exceeding five feet
four inches in height. His huge shock
of frizzled hair is his .most prominent
feature. It serves him as a pillow by
night and a protection from the
scorching rays of the sun by day.
Probably knowing that he would
not appreciate it. nature has not lav
ished any beauty upon him. But he
strives to make himself several de
grees uglier than originally designed
and generally succeeds. He tattoos
his skin in patches and streaks his
face with ochers, red, black and
white being his favorite colors. He
dyes his teeth black. He bores a hole
in the septum of his nose, and in it
inserts a long shell. His ears are usu
ally- so cut and torn that the lobes
hang down in a festoon several inches
long. In his natural state he emu
lates the example set by Adam and
wears only a broad leaf around his
loins, making his mutilated ears sup
ply the lack of artificial pockets.
From a white man's point of view
nearly all of his tastes are perverted.
He loves dirt. His personal habits are
unspeakably filthy. Though he may live
close to the clear, blue sea or a pure
mountain stream, he never bathes for
the sake of cleanliness. His nose has
gene all wrong. He seems to delight in
fcul odors. He will evince disgust when
given a bottle of perfume to sniff at,
but delightedly wears in his armlets
the leaves of some plant that fairly
stinks. He dotes on mustard or pickled
onions, but abominates sweets.
When he has renounced cannibalism
he is practically a vegetarian, fish and
pork being his rare luxuries. The pig
not only shares his home. with him. but
when young shares the maternal breast
equally with the baby. Besides com
pelling his wife to rear the family pig.
he usually makes her do whatever hard
work is to be done. For this reason he
takes care not to disable her perma
nently when he chastises her.
Though in his natural state his chief
occupation is fighting, warfare as civ
ilized man understands it is incompre
hensible to him. Here and there a man
may distinguish himself by personal
courage in openly attacking his enemy
and expose himself to the risk of get
ting speared, but it is .not the usual
Papuan method of fighting. He is an
assassin; seldom a warrior. Even when
he attacks a white man who is defense
less he usually conceals his purpose un
der a show of friendliness. A blow
from behind is always his favorite
blow. All his emotions are shallow. His
heart is as limited in feeling as his
mind is restricted in thought. He can
neither strongly hate his enemy or love
his friend — incidentally, there Is no
! word for love in his language. He may
: torture and eat the enemy, and howl
and lacerate his face with sharp stones
for the loss of his friend, but it is not
deep feeling which prompts either ac
tion; it is custom that demands it. His
chief skill is shown in constructing ca
noes and weapons. Of these the most
characteristic is the man-catcher. It
consists of a loop of rattan cane with
a pike inserted in the handle. The loop
is fhrown over the unhappy wretch who
is in retreat, and a vigorous pull from
the arm of the vengeful captor Jerks
the victim upon the spike, penetrating
the base of the lirain. It is murder re
duced to a fine art.
Such is the Papuan as Mr. Walker
depicts him. He is a pretty low down
lot, and one finds himself wishing that
the philanthropy plus 5 per cent by
which it is proposed to save him from
extermination by civilization had been
tried on some races now well nigh ex
tinct who were more worthy of it.
THE Burea» of Statistics at Washington furnishes
figures telling of the debts, revenues and wealth
of the principal nations, which are of interest at
the beginning of a Presidential campaign, in which many
wild statements will be made on that' subject.
' The statistics account for certain persistent movements
'in population, which are beginning to enlist the attention
of Americans, who think that immigration is becoming
first among our problems. People migrate from one v
country to- another to 'secure better conditions and
better opportunities. Although South America ; is
sparsely populated and_ rich in resources, much of it
enjoying an alluring and wholesome climate, the tide of
immigration flows to North America and is unequally
divided between the United States and the Dominion of
Canada.
This must have two causes. One no doubt is that
immigrants follow their kin and townsmen who have
found better, conditions. The great immigration to the
United States began in the revolutionary period of con
tinental Europe in the first half of the nineteenth cen
tury and in the time of the Irish famine. Those immi
grants found public land ready for their occupancy here
and at once emerged from difficult and narrow conditions
into contentment and prosperity. The glad story went
back to their neighbors and countrymen, and the United
States was established in the minds of migrating Euro
peans as the Eldorado and the Happy Valley. This
accounts for much of our immigration from Northern
Europe. That from Southern Europe, however, is mod
ern, new, and comes here to escape intolerable conditions
which have rendered it less fit for incorporation into our
free society.
The following figures, which we tabulate for the con
venience of those who may desire to preserve or use
them, tell a story that is impressive:
Population. Revenue.
United States 80,372,00'.! $004,621,000
United Kingdom 41,961,000 737,526,000
France • • • • 38,962,000 695,276,000
Russia 141,000,000 1,101,107,000
Austria -Hungary 45,405,000 424,238,000
Italy 32,457,000 375,000,000
Spain • • 18,618,000 197,077,000
Debt. Wealth.
United States $925,011,637 $04,300,000,000
United Kingdom 3,885,000,000 59,000,000,000
France 5,856,706,400 48,000,000,000
Russia 3,414,000.000 . 32,000,000,000
Austria-Hungory 1,107,404.025 22,000,000,000
Italy *. 2.560,605,000 15,000,000,000
Spain 2,061,389,970 12,000,000,000
I The German empire is omitted for reasons in its con
stitution. It is composed of separate kingdoms, which
are constitutional monarchies with their own budgets,
j and between the empire itself and such general govern
ments as Great Britain and the United States the
! analogy is too faint to furnish material for comparison.
I Of the four great nations — our own, Great Britain,
i France and Russia — we have the least debt and revenue
j and the greatest wealth. Our debt is not 1 per cent ol
our wealth, England's is 6 l A per cent, Russia's 10 per
cent, France's 12 per cent, Italy's 17 per cent.
But population must be considered and the per capita
of debt and wealth explains why some nations are able
i to sustain a large debt and carry it without blighting
\ their prosperity, while in other nations debt becomes a
j burden so great that the people migrate and expatriate
i themselves to escape it. The per capita of debt and
wealth is shown in this table:
Per Per
Capita Capita
: Debt. Wealth.
United States * $11.51 $1178
United Kingdom 92 .59 1440
France 150.32 2230
Russia 24.21 226
Austria-Hungary , ¦. • 24 . 3!) 500
Italy 78.85 IR8
Spain 110.72 666
: Our per capita of debt is the least, but in per capita
! of wealth Great Britain and France pass us, and we -arc
' third in the group, while Russia passes into another class
j and takes her place with the poor countries. In this
; table we have an explanation of the great immigration
i we are receiving from Southeastern Russia, Austria
| Hungary and Italy. In Italy the debt is about 17 per
: cent of the wealth per capita. No wonder that the peo
! pie seek to escape to a country where the debt is less
j than 1 per cent of the per capita wealth. The financial
j condition is made more appalling by the revenue rer
quired. To tax out of a population that has only $468
wealth per capita $.375,000,000 is to progressively sap the
resources of a country down to. the point of universal
poverty.'
In comparing our per capita of wealth with France
and Great Britain we have to take into consideration the
fact that they are both old countries. Their industries
were highly organized before the white man had made a
lodgment in North America. Our accumulation of
wealth was slow in our colonial period and it may be
said truthfully that our gain of a surplus for use in pro
ducing more began about sixty years ago. With this
element of time considered our ; showing is improved.
The foregoing figures should lift the melancholy
shadows that are invoked by the partisan pessimist who
insists that this country is as bad as any and worse than
some. .¦ ~#-K'-r
¦-*•'-•*>'•' . . . . ' -
Joaquin rivers. Any proposition to help the navigability
of one river at the expense of the other will, therefore,
be fought by whichever city suffers.
It would have been better to thrash these issues out
in the convention. The professional engineers to whom
the whole matter was referred are under implied instruc
tions to report a feasible plan, effective and final, that
will be supported by all -parties concerned. Surely they
would h^ve. been aided by a discussion that would have
developed the,- existing and permanent points of dis
agreement and agreement. '
When their rep'ort is made it is hoped that it will
be unanimously supported. But ir it is not because of
features that are injurious to part of the . people in
interest then the whole matter will have to be discussed
a,nd doubtless at greater length than if debate had pre
ceded the adoption of a plan.
However, the. organization's formed, as its plans will
soon be. and then we can judge more correctly of their
relation to all rig+its.
DEBTS AND REVENUES.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO .GALL,, SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1904.
THE SAN FRANGsiSGO C^ 1 -^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . .V. /.".,;>¦ Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office^^A^. '.: ..................... .. .Thlr~d and Market Sti^J^
SATURDAY -.-, .......................;........,...;......^..:.;.;. l^....MAY 28, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
8
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThe overworked Eye. the faded Eye,
the red and inflamed Eye, the Eye that
needs- care, relieved by • Murine Ey«
Remedy. No smarting. •
The British chip Crown of Germany, which U
out 187 days from Now York for fihanghuii was
placed on the overdue list yesterday, quoted at
10 per cent. She wai spoken January 22 70
miles east of Triston d'Acunha.
The rate of reinsurance on the seven oil laden
vessels bound frorrK?Jew York and Philadelphia
for Oriental ports remains at 7 per cent.
Crown of, Germany Overdue.
At the regular weekly meeting of
the Fire Commissioners yesterday re
tiring Commissioner Frank Maestretti
introduced his successor, H. M. Wre
den,. to the other members of the
board. The usual felicitations .were
exchanged. The commission then
took up Its regular work. Alexander
Lafferty, who had been as^gned to
duty at the Clneograph Theater,
pleaded guilty to being absent from
his post without leave. He was fined
ten days' pay. Captain Russell was
transferred from Engine Company No.
8 to No.. 27, and Lieutenant Cappalie
was promoted and assigned to Engine
Company No. : 7. Bids for the ensuing
fiscal year were opened and examined
by the Commissioners. The $3000 au
tomobile for the use of the Chief En
gineer was finally accepted by the*
Commissioners.
Wrctlcn Is Seated.
-.SAX" JOSK, May 27. — Chief of Police
Carrol] was summoned into the Police
Court to-day for violating a city or
dinance, in that he had left hjs horse
untied in the street The complain
ant is W. H. Brown, who formerly
was city jailer. Chief Carroll drove
up in front of the store of S. E. Smith,
the chairman of the Board of Police
Commissioners, and went into the
place, leaving his horse standing un
tied out in front. Bi»own, who saw
the act, went before City Justice Davi
son and swore to a complaint charg
ing the Chief with violating the hitch
ing ordinance.
Police Chief Violates Ordinance.
For the three holidays, Saturday, Sun
day and Monday, May 28, 29 and 30, the
California Northwestern Ry.. the Pictur
esque route, of California, will make one
fare for the 'round trip from San Fran
cisco to all points on the road, except
suburban. These tickets will be good
pclng Saturday, Suhday or Monday, with
the return limit Tuesday, May 31. This
will give many an opportunity to get
out Into the country for a short trip
just when it is at its prettiest. Get a
copy of ''Vacation 1904," look over it,
and take a pleasant trip during these
three days and at the same time arrange
for your summer outing. On Monday,
Hay 30, the train will leave Camp Vaca
tion at 5 p. m.; Russian River Heights
at 5:10 p. m.; Gue.rnewood Park at 5:15
p. m., and. Guerneville at 6:20 p. m.;
from Glen Ellen at 6:15 p. m. Both
trains will stop at intermediate points,
arriving in San Francisco at 8:45 p. m.
Ticket offices 650 Market street. Chron
icle building, and Tiburon Ferry, foot
of Market street. • "
Special Excursion Rntcs.
DECORATION DAY HOLIDAYS.
AVnnts Permit for Awnings.
George D. Collins, representing P.
Vincent, yesterday applied to the
Board of Works for permission to in
stall /our machinery awnings in the
rear of the premises at 1129 Dupont
street for a distance of 150 feet. The
awnings are designed to prevent police
officers from making observations that
might, result in the arrest of, the in
mates. The application was referred
to the City Architect. . . . ¦
A gentleman Is a man made right and im
proved with age. A^pply that test to a whiskey
and you have "Old Gilt Edge Whiskey." •
BUFFALO, N. Y., 'May 27. — The
Presbyteriun General Assembly of the
United States to-day declared in favor
of a union with the Cumberland Pres
byterian church by a vote so nearly
unanimous that it was not counted.
Resolutions adopted recommend cer
tain other steps to be taken to secure
the union of the churches and to make
plain the position Qf the church. The
question of the proposed basis of union
will now go to the presbyteries of the
General Assembly. If it is approved
by a vote of two thirds of them, the
necessary steps will be taken at the
next General Assembly ¦ to effect the
union.
S. LOUIS, May 27.— After two days'
discussion of the matter the Episcopal
Diocesan Convention of Missouri by a
good majority voted against the use
of the revised version of the Bible in
the prescribed service of the church.
Laymen were stronger than the clergy
in making the vote decisive. The clergy
voto was 12 for the revised version and
19 against and that of the laity 9 for
and 26 against.
Applause followed the announcement
of the vote and while Bishop Spell^
meyer in vain rapped for order, ttfe*
conference arose and sang "Praise God,
From Whom All Blessings Flow."
Prior to the disposition of the amuse
ment question, Dr. F. D. Bovard was
elected editor of the California Chris
tian Advocate. •
The conference voted to extend aid
to seven partially self-supporting
church papers, the amounts voted
ranging from $2000 to $250 each per
annum.
E. M. Randall of Tacoma, Wash., was
elected secretary of the Epworth
League and J. T. McFarland of Topeka,
Kan., secretary *f the Sunday School
Union. Both elections were hotly con
tested and it required half a dozen bal
lots in each case to arrive at a choice.
An aye and no vote was demanded
for the first time during the present
conference. This same subject was the
only question precipitating an aye and
no vote in the General Conference
of four years ago at Chicago. The call
ing of the roll occupied the remainder
of the afternoon session. -'.,.!/-
The conference limited the speeches
upon the question to five minutes.
Nearly a score of speeches were made
on both sides before the vote was
taken. Among those who spoke were
J. T. Bartholomew, Willimantic, Conn.;
C. T. Winchester, Middletown,. Conn.;
Delos Fall, Albion, Mich.; Chirles P.
Rice, Springfield, Mass.; Dr. Thomas
N. Boyle, Crafton, Pa.; D.ivid G.
Downey, Brooklyn, N. Y.; Dr. A. B.
Leonard, Cincinnati. O.; Dr. L. W.
Munhall. Philadelphia; A. C. Byerly,
Springfield, 111.; John Weir, Buckhan
non, W. Va.; G. E. Hills, Louisville,
Ky.; W. W. Van Ordsel, Great Falls,
Mont.; Mrs. F. Richards, Leipsic, O.,
and Mrs. P. H. Bodkin, Los Angeles,
Cal. - • .
LOS AXGELES, May 27.— By the de
' cisive aye and no vote of 441 to 183,
the Methodist General Conference this
. afternoon declined to make any change
1 in the church discipline in the matter
i of prohibited amusements. The ques
i tion is one which has agitated the
| minds of the delegates to the present
'. General Conference perhaps more than
any other single problem that has been
before it. The church at large took a
wide interest in the subject of the pro
posed striking out of the specified pro
hibited am'usements from the discipline
'and many memorials and -petitions
i from all parts of the country reflected
| popular opinion in the church on the
| matter. In all sixty-five have been re
! ceived, fifty-five of which opposed any
; change in the discipline on this point,
! and ten favored various changes. A
I single petition from Binghamton, N. Y.,
\bearing 2000 signatures, was one of the
'¦ protests against any change being
1 made.
; »
Presbyterian General As
sembly Acts in the Matter
of the Cumberland Branch
Xo Change Will Be Made in
Discipline in Matter of
Prohibited Amusements
CHURCH RULES
ARE SUSTAINED
FAVORS UNION
OF CHURCHES
RESCl'ING THE AGED INMATES OF THE CROCKER OLD PEOPLE'S HOME
AT PINE AND PIERCE STREETS WHICH WAS DAMAGED HY FIRE YES
TERDAY MORNING. FORTUNATELY NO ONE WAS INJURED.
¦ .When the fire broke out and the
cry of "fire" was raised a panic al
most ensued. There are 131 inmates
and of that number forty-five ore
women. The average age is 68, though
there are several who have passed the
80 mark. Superintendent McKelvey,
assisted by the employes, did all that
was possible to allay the fears of the
old people and get them to places of
safety.
The damage to the structure is con
fined to the west wing of the roof and
by water. The fire was a blind one,
making it extremely difficult to fight.
It was necessary to chop into the roof
to get at the burning Interior.
By the time water could be played
on the roof dense clouds of smoke were
escaping from every portion on the
upper floor. Employes of the home
made hurried trips through the vari
ous rooms and assisted the more fee
ble to the lower floors and into the
street. Many of the. old people want
ed to wait and pack up their effects
and in one or two instances it was
necessary 'to use* force" to" get them
from the building, which appeared to
be floomed. *
As rapidly as the inmates were tak
en to the street they were given shel
ter in the residences of the neighbor
hood. Dr. Rumwell, physician in
charge at the home, with the assist
ance of Dr. Perry, visited each one
and where quieting lotions were nec
essary administered them.
What was feared would prove a dis
astrous fire damaged the* Crocker Old
.People's Home at Pine and Pierce
streets yesterday noon to the extent of
$1000. Many of the inmates were
badly frightened and are suffering
from nervous shock. No serious re
sults are expected, as prompt treat
ment was given the inmates that were
affected Jay the excitement.
About 10 o'clock in the morning one
of the janitors discovered a smolder
ing fire near the chimney on the west
side of the building. He extinguished
the fire, as he supposed, and reported
the- matter to Superintendent Charles
McKelvey. Two hours later smoke
began pouring Into the upper halls
and escaping from the roof. An alarm
was turned in at once and as quickly
as the department reached the scene
a second alarm was sounded.
That ¦ In »«ld petition the facts of your ora
tor's existence anflofthe marriage of your
orator to Mary B. Johnson and his interest in
said e~state were fraudulently concealed trom
said court of Marin County, although the ex
istence of your orator and his sa!d marriage
and his said interest In the estate of said de
cedent were well known to tho petitioner
Frank Hansford Johnson and said Frank K.
Johnson,, his guardian, and to the other par
ties to said agreement, viz., Thomas H. Wil-
Uama Jr. and said George E. Williams.
And your orator shows further that beforo
the said petition to said court of Marin County
had been filed an agreement had been made
between paid Thomas H. Williams Jr. and
said minor, through his guardian. Frank S.
Johnson, and consented to by George E. Wil
liamn, that said questions of law and fact
should be concealed and kept from said court.
¦ It Is recited that a decree was en
tered on August 1, 1S96, allowing the
minor to give his consent as prayed
for; that on August 12, 1S96, the estate
was appraised as of the value of $1,465,
800 08; that on December 15, 1896,
Thomas H. Williams. Jr. filed a petition
for final distribution, and that on Jan
uary 5, 1S97, the court entered a decree
of final distribution in the following
proportions: Forty per cent to the in
fant Frank Hansford Johnson; 26 2-3
per cent to Thomas H. Williams Jr. in
fee, and 33 1-3 per cent to remain in the
hands of the testamentary trustee un
der the trust for the benefit of Thomas
H. Williams Jr. during his life time.
Goodrich alleges that he had no no
tice of any of these proceedings. He
further avers that after he arrived In
San Francisco with the remains of his
deceased wife ha was informed by
George E. Williams that complainant's
wife had no interest in the estate of
her deceased father, or property of any
kind or character whatever, and that
she herself left no estate. The com
plainant asks for an accounting of the
rents and profits; that the defendants
be enjoined from Incumbering or trans
ferring any of the property, and that
the court ascertain the portion of the
estate due to him.
The complaint further recites that on
August 1, 1896, the infant Frank Hans
ford Johnson, in the Superior Court of
Marin County, asked for leave to con
sent to a decree of distribution of the
estate of Thomas H. Williams, de
ceased, and recites as follows:
In a complaint containing about 30,
000 words, filed yesterday In the Unit
ed States Circuit; Court, George G.
Goodrich of New York alleges that he
Is entitled to a share in the estate of
Thomas H. Williams deceased, and
that He has been defrauded out of it.
He asks that the court restrain- the
defendants from disposing of. trans
ferring or incumbering the estate and
that they be required to render to the
court an accounting of the rents, is
sues and profits thereof. Johnson &
Johnson are his attorneys.
* The defendants are John W. Ferris,
individually and as. a trustee, Frank
Hansford Johnson an infant, Frank S.
Johnson, as guardian of the estate of
said Infant, Thomas H. Williams Jr.,
Thomas H. Williams (secc-nd), an in
fant; Georgie E. Williams, daughter,
and Jennie E. Williams, widow of and
heirs at law of George E. Williams, de
ceased.
The complaint recites that Thomas
H. Williams of San Francisco died on
February 28, 1886, leaving Sherrod Wil
liams, Thomas H. Williams Jr.. Mary
Bryant Williams (who intermarried
with Frank S. Johnson), Percy Wil
liams and Bryant Williams as his
heirs, each to one-fifth of his estate.
It is recited that on December 29, 1S3S,
Mary B. Johnson was divorced in the
Marin County Superior Court and on
December 7, 1889, was married to the
complainant. She died in New York
October 8, 1893, leaving a son, Frank
Hansford Johnson, who is alleged to be
entitled to one-half her estate, her hus
band claiming heirship to the remain
ing half.
The following are the contentions of
the complainant:
- The trust attempted to be created by the
will of Thomas H. Williams, deceased, was
and is void; that the absolute power of alien
ation of the property of Thomas H. Williams,
testator Included In said attempted trust was,
by said will and ,b>' the terms of the trust at
tempted to be created, suspended for the term
of three year* and not for a period measured
by the continuance of lives in beinr, and
that as • to the property, included in said
attempted trust, Thomas H. Williams died
Intestate, and that at his death the said prop
erty passed to and vested in. his said heirs at
law in the proportions before mentioned.
Wants U. S. Circuit Judge
Morrow to Order Heirs
to Render an Accounting
derived from a carefully studied and
artistic rendering of the part goes with
out saying, for Mansfield dees nothing
that he does not do well, but it seemed
clear from the manner in which the
performance was received that the en
joyment did not nearly equal expecta- .
lion*. i
Despite the very obvious moral, so
often and so persistently insisted upon,
the story at bes^t is but a freak, depend
ent for its success solely upon the
literary Bkill of the gifted man who
wrote it. There is nothing in it that
appeals to human sympathy, or to any
emotion <;ther than that excited by the
weird and the horrible. Mansfield made i
ih" uiot-t that could be made of it by!
his p<'nius and his magnetism, assisted
by adventitious aid that stage appli
ances can give. In hi? hands Dr. Jekyll
appeared always in the light, upright
and nobie, while Mr. Hyde was Been
always in the dark, crouching and hid
«<tus. Jekyll had the benefit of the
brightness of sunshine and the bloom
flowers; Hyde had the doom of a
creature of darkness made visible
througb the gloom of shadows only by
reason of some sepulchral gleams of
greenish light thrown skillfully upon i
just tho^e parts of his figure whose '
ghastly pallor could emphasize the
darkness «>f the rest.
By reason of that treatment of the i
play, Mr. Mansfield avoided the need i
of attempting any change in the make
up of the two parts. The shifting of
* the voice from the natural key to a
d n tp bass was all that was needed in
ihr- change from darkness to light to
bring out the full difference between
the good and the evil nature of the
character, who is at once the hero and
the villain of the play.
That much Mr. Mansfield achieved; i
the remainder of the illusion was due
wholly Jo the Imaginations of the j
audience upon which his genius played.
Th<^ Srst appearance of Mr. Hyde
entering, as a murderer, the home in
which a short time before he had beon i
.welcomed as the betrothed of a beau- |
tiful girl, w.i? almost oppressive iniits
intensity, and the startled feeling^ of
the audience was manifested by a.
genuine shudder. No equal effect,
however, was produced at any suc
ceeding stage of the play until the last
ftct, when Mr. Mansfield had the op
portunity of doing some of the best
Tnotic-cal acting that has ever been |
Feen here. In that act he came as near ¦
as it is possible for any actor to come !
toward awakening a sympathetic re- i
Bponse from an audience to the agony !
of the man who feels that the good ;
ar.jrel of his nature is about tu forsake
him forever, leaving him no choice
• save that of suicide, or death as a ;
felon upon the gallows. That scene
Eived the play and furnished some- ,
thing which will be remembered among ;
the triumphs of this engagement.
The parts played by the minor char
acters t»f the drama were small. In
every case each was done with suffi
«:<"nl force to sustain the interest in
the development of the plot, and yet in
rio instance did cither of them make a
distinct impression, the fault, of
course, being Cue more to the defects
of th~ ;.;:rt.s assigned them than to
anything else.
The audience did its best to be en
thusiastic, but failed to get further
than to make one perfunctory curtain
call. The evening will doubtless be re
membered as a brilliant effort on the
part of a great actor to so rouse the
imagination of a large audience asto
make everyone of them form some In
telligent conception of the inner mean
ing ar.d mural of Stevenson»3 story, but
the effort failed. It was a fine piece of
acting, but it is probable that very few
of the audience would ask to see it
again if they had a choice of seeing
>fr. Mansfield in any other role with
which his name is associated.
The play founded upon Robert Louis
Stevenson's story, "Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hydf," is not likely to be counted even
by the most ardent of its admirers as a
permanent contribution to the Ameri
can and British stage. It has been
played in this, city sufficiently often to
deprive it of all the attraction it once
had as a novelty. The large audience
:hm assembled to see Mr. Mansfield's
performance of it last evening was
therefore animated Trore by a desire to
see what a master actor could make of
it than to . see the play itself. That
they had such enjoyment as could be
Scene in Last Act Saves
Production and Will Be
Remembered as a Triumph
ALLEGES CONCEALMENT
STOBY IS BUT A FREAK
New Yorker Lays Claim to
Portion of the Williams
Estate Through .His Wife
• <4 Dr. Jekvll and Mr. Hyde*' a
Drama Whose Merit Large
ly Rested iii Its Novelty
Blaze Starts in Attic of Crocker Institute ancP Before Flames Are
Controlled Several of the Aged Occupants Collapse From Ex
citement and Fright — Damage Confined to Roof of West Wing
FIRE IN OLD PEOPLE'S HOME
TERRORIZES MANY INMATES
GOODRICH ASKS
FOR A SHARE
PLAY UNWORTHY
OF MANSFIELD
~THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .SATURDAY, ; MAY 2S, .>1904.
9
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
ORAPE-NTJTa
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
|1 SALESROOM Of J
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.
§ Thursday, dune 9th, " l2 ociqcr. Noon 1
1 BUSINESS PROPERTIES OF THE |
8 JOSE GUARDIOLA ESTATE I
§ ADHINISTRATOR'S SALE 1
H northeast corner California and Sansome streets, lot 45x90 fj
If ft. Improvements, three-story and basement brick building 1 . Jj
H «mnii rents S12.390. No leases. *i
fi *To«. 34 to S3 Ellis street. Lot 90x137:6 ft. Improvements. if
H modern four-story and basement brick bnildlasr. Stores, lofts g {
M and offices above. Annual rents $17,800. Ho leases. w
la Nos. 117-119 Fine st. Lot 50x91 :8 ft. Three-story and base- * I
cj ment brick building'; Just vacated. Former rent $3600 per an- ?!
U num. Reasonable amount spent In renovation will produce w
o largely Increased rent. jjj
M XTos. 318-320 OTarrell street, near Mason, lot 55x137:8 ft. |J
t.1 Three-story and basement brick building-. (Palo Alto Stable.) o-1
EJ Bent $2100 per annum. No lease. Present rent nominal. Can fj
P be materially advanced by arivlnsr lease. '|
H Nos 9-11 Bag-ley place (off O'Parrell street, between Or ant f\
VI avenue and Stockton street). Lot 43:6x60 ft. Pour-story and f]
Eg basement brick bnildlnar. rented as a piano warehouse at $1800 *j
y| per annum. fj
£3 NOTE. — The Incomes on al! of the above properties can be largely gj
n . ' Increased Immediately by giving leases. r|
M The "Heredia Tract," containing 1523 acres of land In l]
|j Placer County, California. ra
i™r~ SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO. I
I 218-220 Montgomery St. Mills Building |
| AMUSEMENTS.
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES.
MR. RICHARD MANSFIELD
Matinee To-day— OLD HEIDELBERG.
To-night— IVAN THE TERRIBLE.
Beg. MONDAY — Charles Frohman presents
(Her stellar appearance here) In
THE LITTLE MINISTER.
SEATS NOW SELLING
CALIFORNIA
>BS "The best stock company since E&ir
I^Mlller." — Ashton Stevens In Tht Ex-^k
aminer. . |^
Ths Gliver Morcsc-3 Company |
(Formerly the Neill-Morosco Company.) Q
Presenting the Delightful Comedy, H
WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE 1
MATINEE TO-DAY. Q
TO-MORROW — The Stirring Play of ti
:he Revolution. tj
"JANICE MEREDITH." |
{ HOLIDAY MATINEE MONDAY. B
Special Matinee Memorial Say, Monday,
! ~ May 30.
NEW SS5.I
f „ SENSATIONS!
Burke, La Bne and the Inky Boyi; Colby
Family; Al Lawrence; Belle Gordon
i and
Marcel's Living Art Studies;
! Last Times of Alfons; Charlet Deland
and Company, and Home, Boas and
I Lewis.
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday. Thurs"
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c. 25c
and 50c.
I >•- ¦' V''' "i •
AT PA7AD Belasco & Mayer.
General Manager.
IS IT FUNNY? ASK ANYBODY!
To-Night— Mat To-Day, 25c & 50c
"It Is good to laugh through three acts."
Evgs..23c to 75c; Mn's.Thurs. & Sat., 25c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY — Commencing with Extra
HOLIDAY MAT. MEMORIAL DAY, *#<•
The Pictures^ 1 e. Romantic Play,
TOLLG>VTE INN.
.In preparatlon-*"LOVERS* LANE."
Market et., near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Owen Davis' Magnificent Comedy Drama,
A GREAT TEMPTATION!
A Gorgeous and Costly Production.
First Appearance at This Theater of the
San Francisco Favorite,
JUH/\ BLANC
PDIfTC Evenings... 10c to SOc
I llllC J Uatlnees. 10c, 15c, 25c
Starting May 30 (Matinee) —
"A CELEBRATED CASE.'
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
SAN FRANCISCO, vs. PORTLAND.
TO-DAY. 3:00 P. M. .
SUNDAY and DECORATION DAY, 2:30 P. M.
Advance sale of seats for Sunday and holiday
i at 5 Stockton et.
i ; n — : — — : •
GRAND CONCERT AND BALL
—GIVEN BY—
Austrian Carniolan Benevolent
Society of SL Joseph,
SUNDAY, MAY 29. AT 8. F. TURN VEREIN
HALL. 353 TURK ST.,
COMMENCING AT 4 P. M.
Concert at 7 o'clock In honor of the dedica-
tion of the society's new national flag.
A3irSt3IEXTS.
. H.»ND KIOFnriNS. ST72T9AT NIQBT. MAY 29th.
Come and see the most beautiful and safest
theater In America.
Entire New Burlesque Company, including
Caroline Hull, Edna Auk. Garrlty Sisters.
Yorke & Adams. Al Fields. Edwin A. Clark.
Ben T. Dillon. Roy Alton.
Aa "All Star" Chorus of forty volcea.
First Production here of
XJ. 3.
A Rip-Roaring Burlesque. One Thousand
Laughs. A World of New Songs, Dances, Nov-»
eltles. SPF:CIAL—See the Utnn Century*
"KAPIUM GIRJ.S."
SAME POPULAR PRICES. RESERVED
SEATS: Nights. 25c. 5Oc and T3c; Saturday
and Sunday Matinees. 25c and SOc; children
at Matinees. 10c and 25c. Seats now on aaU»
at the box office, liatinee on Decoration Day,
TivoussiT
MATINEE TO- DAT.
LAST TWO NIGHTS
Of the Successful Musical Comedy,
A RUNAWAY GIRL
Beginning Next Minday Matinee.
DECORATION DAY.
.'.*\ For One Week Only,
| THE TOY MAKER |
TOY MATINEES
DECORATION DAY AND SATURDAY.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— 23c, BOc. 73c.
V- : . MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST NIGHT. | . .';.
MELBOURNE
MacDOWELIi
In Sardou's Intense Drama
FEDORA~|
gismonda;
SPECIAL MATINEE DECORATION DAY. .
POPULAR PRICES— 13c. 25c. BOc. 75c.
MOVING PICTURES, showing thi
GREAT TRAIN ROBBERY
And a Splendid Snow Every Aft«mooa
and Ertnln? In th» Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATTXBE EZ.ECTKIC SAILSOAS
Esmeralda and Her BABY -ION KEY la t!w
Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT. C
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
- V S Admission. 10c; Children, 5c.
Rainbow Chasing
Is as productive of results as an effort
to secure better laundry results than wa
offer patrons.
Cleanliness, finish and prompt delivery
are the winning features of our work-
features that we have depended upon to
'gain for us the largest clientele of any
establishment on the coast — and. having
gained It. hold It by the same safe meth-
od. Satisfaction is yours here.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MABXET STREET.
Telephone Sonth 430.
Palarp D0NT FAIL T0
1 aiUVW see the beautiful
< COURT Lounging
flfm room, the EMPIRE
auu parlor, the
n j PALM ROOM, the
lir/ind LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR^ and the LA .
u . I DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
\A SURE
tj STRAIGHT ROAD
[I to Mental Health
[j and Power
i/Grape=Nuts
kj BRAIN FOOD
j Get the little book. "The Road to
¦ "Wellvllle." in each pk*.
I Uiiion=Soiithern
Ki\ r /^T» Start in Peace. *^ =e=:a **&v mffi HP^S
%\ V*tti«* Travel in Peace. J|« g£ |Te
M Ready to Enjoy Every Minute. ' ||g|| ffl Si
1 trough Pullman Cars H.J'B
f| Leave.... June I and 2. . . W
M S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. U. P. R. R. ¦J^-M&!i3 1 JK
Mi Or Southern Pacific Agents.
*H . . DIRECT IJN^ Q§
wl ypS OQDgK UNION PACinC .OHAHA. % flft
Wlft<££^~ \ 8AI.T LAKE t CHEYENNE CHICAGO" g|
«|m T FRA.MC1SCO TlCrtVlIit "^ %tDIES OF HIS INJURIES.— John F. Cullen "
a horseshoer.who cut his . throat last Tuesday
evening In a saloon at 647 Howard street. dle4
yesterday jj^rntn*.
- ¦
IS ARRESTED FOR CRUELTY.— F. J.
Foley. an employe • of the City Street Im
prevement Company, waa arrested yestetday
on complaint of Mrs. Thalsa Hicks of 3«*
Geary strett for brutally beatins a horse.
Foley was released on <10 cash balL
WANTS CUSTODY OV CHILDREN.— Sec
retary White of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children has Instituted prvceed
inirs in the Superior Court to secure the custody
of the three minor children of Mrs. Funnie
Doherty, of 171 Minna .street. It is said the
children are forced to witness drunken orgies
and to associate with dUsoluu characters.
$20; Charles G. Gebhardt, $20; F. W. Thomp
son. $20; J. L. Rapheld. $5; A. Jarvie, $5; J.
Vc-Ehler, $2 50; F. Wood. $2 50: George F.
L.-.mb, $2 SO; fi. P. Jefferson. $2 50, J. *E.
Jones, $2; total. $10,132,
Cruise of Corintliinn Yacht Club.
The cruise of the Corinthian Yacht
Club to Vallejo last Saturday was well
attended. The. fleet started at 9:30
a. m., reaching Vallejo in good sea
son. The yachts that accompanied the
ilagship Speedwell were the schooners
Lady Ada and Martha, the yawls
Frolic- and -Nereid and the sloops
Nixie, Aloha", Emma, Edna, Meteor,
Mignon, Aeolus, Presto, Freda Dis
covery, Belle, Josie, Espy, Neva. Nep
tune, Amigo and the cup challenger
Corinthian. The schooners Bonita and
Chispa also dropped anchor off Mare
Island. Early on Sunday morning- the
fleet left Vallejo, some of the yachts
Jropplng anchor in Paradise Cove.
Boxing Permits, Granted.
OAKLAND. May 2.7. — Permits for
boxing contests were granted to-day
by the Police and Fire Commissioners
to the West Oakland Athletic Club for
June 1 and to the Reliance Athletic
Club for June 16.
Experts Will Strive for Supremacy in
Tourjnament to Be Ifcld on Cal
ifornia Club Courts.
Forty-nine players entered the San
Francisco championship tournament,
the drawing for which was held at the
California Tennis Club, last night. The
good players are distributed through
out and will not meet in the opening
rounds. In the upper half Percy Mur
dock, Dr. McChesney and Merle John-
Eon are probably the best players.
There are more good players in the
lower half. Besides Baker. Allen and
Mitchell there are many but little be
hind them in point of skill.
The drawing resulted as follows:
First round (lower half) — Crawford a bye,
KImball vs. Dunlap. Drolla vs. H. Long, Mit
chell va. Foley. ¦
Preliminary round — C. Griffin vs. Guerln,
Ambrose vs. A. Beyfuss, C. Smith vs. Gabriel,
Cassell vs. M. Johnson. Heath va. Lytton,
Medcraft vs. Code. Bobbins v«. Parr, Mann vs.
Murdock. Roche vs. Schmidt. M. Lon* vs.
Kuchn, G. L. Baker vs. Spring. Miller Hotch
klss vp. Janes. Brabaut vs. Gage, Flnnepan
vs. Gayni-ss. LJchtenberg: vs. Dapsett. Allen
vs. Marius Hotchklss. Adams v«. Brady.
First round (upper half) — Bates vs. Howell,
Blumer.thal vs. Gardner. McChesney vs. Alex
ander. Variel vs. Cowell.
PORTY-XIXE TENNIS CRACKS
OUT FOR THE CIIAMPIOXSHIP
ford and Washington will send crews
to this bay next spring for an inter
collegiate contest. Though the repre
sentatives of Stanford University did
not do much this yc^r. they feel con
fident that more practice will improve
their crews greatly. If Stanford Uni
versity Bhould fail to send a crew in
for next year's intercollegiate event,
the Berkeley crew will go to Lake
Washington. Seattle, and will engage
in their third contest against thejUnl
versity of Washington. A handsome
silver loving cup has been offered to
the university crew that first succeeds
in winning three consecutive races.
The University , of California has one
victory to its credit. - — — -—il
With the limited number of rinks
at their disposal In Golden Gate Park
the Scottish Bowlers are having some
difficulty in running off their two tourn
aments. The doubles event is more
than half finished and the absence of
two of the players and the consequent
withdrawal of their teams will make
it possible to finish this event several
weeks earlier than the schedule calls
for. The first round closed last Sut
urday. As neither Charles Adams and
James Gray nor E. J. Clinton and A.
A. McVicar appeared, both teams lost
by default. This puts James Mearns
and Thomas McXaught in the semi
final round. They beat Miller and Pat
terson In the first round. A. Foreman
and J. C. Moffatt, who reached the
second round, will default to Dr. Ham
ilton and W. R. Eaton. The latter will
thereby gain a place in the semi-fin
als, where they will meet Mearns and
McNaught. "v..
In the upper half four teams are
left. Alex Hay and A. McNalr will
meet J. M. Duncan and M. L. Crowe,
and J. Stott and J. McLaren will be
opposed to J. S. Webster and G. C.
Patterson. Mr. McLaren will leave
next week for Scotland and it is ex
pected his match will be played to
day.
Since Foreman and Moffatt have
withdrawn many are of the opinion
that Dr. Hamilton and W. R. Eaton
will carry off the honors. They did
some great bowling when they met
Y. C. Lawson and A. Craig in the^ first
round.
But little progress ha3 been mad?
in the singles. Only four matches have
been completed In the preliminary
round. This leaves twenty matches to
be played to-day,
SCOTCH BOWLERS REQUIRE
j/oRE ROOM FOR PLAY
San Franrisco and Golden Gate Clubs
Plan Meet for Benefit of Park
Amphitheater.
The Golden Gate Park Driving As
sociation and San Francisco Driving
Club have joined hands for the bene
fit of the athletic amphitheater to be
built in Golden Gate Park and will
hold an interesting harness matinee at
Ingleside track next Monday after
noon. After deducting a few minor
expenses the proceeds will be devoted
to the fund now being raised by the
Amateur Driving and Athletic Associa
tion for the building of the amphithe
oter with its nest of tracks for horses,
bicycles and foot racers and the big
oval field for other outdoor sports re
quiring a large area. All the gate
money and coin realized from the sale
of the betting privileges r.ill be turn
ed over and It is expected that more
than Si 000 will go to the fund. En
tries for the races, which include a
three-furlong dash for thoroughbreds
and a novel handicap for trotters and
pacers, have already been published
In these columns. The last named
event will be open for entries up to
the time of starting the first race on
Monday.
A benefit lacrosse match was played
In the interests of the project last Sun
day, netting about $100, but full re
turns are not in as yet and the amount
has not reached Treasurer O'Kane's
hands. The cyclists will next hold a
blue ribbon meet for the cause tmder
the management of the California As
sociated Cyclists. This is planned for
June 12, Ingleside track having been
donated by the California Jockey Club.
Private subscriptions,' are coming in
slowly but surely, the cash contribu
tions during the last week being as
Jo Hows: « i
Previously acknowledred. $XS3: Rudolph
Fprt-ckels. $250; McN'ab & Smith, $50; Hooker
& , Co -J.t 5; C - E - Cut ter, $25; Thomas Jen
nine*. 125; Dr. A. McLau*hlin. $25; Engllsb-
J\allace Company. $20; P. L. Jones $20-
Holmes JUme Company, $20; J. B.- Bocarde]
HORSEMEN EXTEND HELPING
HAXD TO AMATEUR ATHLETES
The manner of Champion Jim Jef
fries' training at Harbin Springs
should be an object lession not alone
to fighters, but to all amateur ath
letes, who are invariably overtrained.
Jeffries has learned the great lesson
that health and condition are synony
mous terms and ho gains the latter
while striving for the former.
He lives out of doors and his rifle
and fishing rod are constantly in use.
He drives long distances to famous
streams and then spends hours whip
ping them for trout. On other occa
sions he takes his rifle, in the use of
which he is an adeot, and climbs
precipitous cliffs in search 'of game.
This builds up a tremendous store of
vitality which makes him so formid
able a fighting machine in the ring.
He does not neglect his boxing, do
ing enough of this to "true up" his
eyes and to bring the special muscles
required at this game into play.
.Jeffries weighs. 238 pounds at pres
ent, but as the weather is warm
he will soon get rid of some
of this bulk.' He will probably fight
heavier than ever before, but will
be trained to the hour when he steps
into the ring with Munroe. Billy De
laney is watching his 'work closely,
and, as both expect to retire after this
they are taking no chances of
their brilliant records as fighter and
trainer being marred by a defeat.
El Campo will be the scene of the
first contest of the oarsmen of two
clubs during the present season. One
of the items of the programme to be
given at that bay resort on June 12
Is a boat race in which two barge crews
from the Ariel Rowing Club and two
from the South End Rowing Club will
take part. The Ariel Club is manifest
ing great activity, a large number of
members being at the.boathouse on all
Sundays and holidays. The boats are
being put into commission and crews
will be formed for the regatta to be
held on July 4.
President W. B. Hlnchman of the
Paclilc Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union has. nominated the fol
lowing as the Fourth of July regatta
committee: W. B. Hinchman of the
Alameda Boating Club, E. J. Lynch of
the Ariel Rowing Club, A. P. Rothkopf
of the Dolphin Boating Club, D. E.
Brcwn of the Olympic Boat Club, M. J.
Calnan of the Pioneer Rowing Club, T.
I. Fltzpatrick of the South End Row
ing Club (chairman), and Herbert Hau
ser of the rowing annex of the Stock
ton Athletic Association.
The regatta will be held on Lake
Merritt on July 4 and will be tl.e cham
plQnshlp event of the year. Crews
from all the clubs named, except pos
sibly the Pioneer Rowing Club, will
take part. The Dolphin Boating Club,
being equipped for the first time with a
modern, light racing barge, will try
hard for first . place In one or more of
the barge classes. The famous "Spi
ders," who held the championship for
the Alameda Boating Club for several
years, have, parted company, but a
strong crew will be made up of new
men. The crew which wins first place
In the senior barge race will have the
chance #f representing San Francisco
at the "regatta to be held at Portland,
Or., next year.
E. A. Bannister has been elected cap
tain .of the rowing crew of the Uni
versity of California for next season to
succeed S. Bunnell, who has graduated.
The cockswain, Joseph P. Loeb, and the
other two oarsmen, G. J. Anloff, who
rowed No. 2, and E. J. Grlndley, who
pulled the bow oar, will be available
next season. Bunnell's place at stroke
may^be taken by H. W. Schreiber, who
was stroke : of this year's freshman
crew.. Other oarsmen, one or more of
•whom " may fill seats in '. the university
four, are: H. W. Ross. '06; H. W. Car
penter,.'06; A. Salisbury, '07, and G. C.
Jones, '07. .
. It is hoped the universities of Stan-
Cricketers of this city and of its en
virons will have a busy time during the
holidays. To-day, to-morrow and on
Monday there will be matches between
the city teams and a visiting eleven of
the Santa Cruz Cricket and Athletic
Club on the ground at Webster street,
Alameda. The Santa Cruz eleven plays
against the San Francisco County team
to-day. The Santa Cruz team is made
up of H. H. Davis (captain), E. F. Hil
ton, Stephen Stagg. E. H. Day, A. Mc-
Namara, W. Howard, A. Jenkins, J.
Richardson, S. F. Catling, A. Neville
and Bruce Sharpe.
The San Francisco County eleven will
be chosen from H. B. Richardson (cap
tain), B. Kortlang, E. G. Sloman, E. J.
Stratton, T. J. A. Tiedemann, H. Rob
erts, C. W. Irish, W. R. Stewart, R. S.
Weaver, H. K. Boulton and T. J. A.
Tiedemann Jr. The team will be de
prived of the services of E. Petersen,
as he broke his arm in the lacrosse
match played last Sunday between All
San Francisco and the San, Mateo
twelve.
To-morrow the Santa Cruz visitors
will play the Pacific eleven, which will
consist of H. D. Bowly, E. H. M. Lan
nowe, W.*Petherick, A. W. Wilding, Dr.
O. N. Taylor, J. W. Myers (captain),
Norman Logan, D. Jamieyon, E. H.
Wilkes and H..C. Casidy. This is the
first match In which E. H. Wilkes and
D. Jamieson have played during the
present season. Wilkes was a member
of the San Francisco County team last
year, and. In conjunction with Kort
lang, bowled consistently well all
through the season. It Is expected he
will lend much strength to the Pacific
attack.
On Decoration day the Santa Cruz
team will play its third match in suc
cession, its opponents being the Ala
meda eleven, selected from F. JV_Croll,
G. H. Ward, George Carroll, F. A.
Stahl, W. H. McNaughton, W. G. Fort
mann, C. Banner.'W. J. Richter, S. M.
Foster, J. U. Buchanan. W. E. R.'
Rc-ok* 1^ and F. J. Eennlon.
E. F. Hilton, who Is one of the vice
presidents of the California Cricket As
sociation, and Stephen Stagg, secretary
of the Santa Cruz Cricket and Athletic
Club, will leave California for England
on Tuesday.
Heavyweight Fighter
Enjoys Outdoor
Life.
Visiting Eleven From Santa
Cruz Plays Against Each
City Club During Holidays
Championship Barge and
Skiff Eaces Will Take
Place on Lake Merritt
LATEST PHOTOGRAPHS OF CHAM
PION JEFFRIES, TAKEN AT
HARBIN BY DANA AND PETER
SEN.
ROWING REGATTA
ON JULY FOURTH
THREE CONTESTS
FOR CRICKETERS
The officials of the Interstate Cours
ing Club are preparing for the ninth
renewal of the Ladies' Day Champion
stake, which will be held next month.
It Is expected there will be sixteen
entries at $25 each. The total prize
money will be $1000. The entries will
come from among the following clever
performers: Pocatelli, Barge, Rubber
Ankles, Richard Anton, Lord Brazen,'
Rector, Fair Tralee, Sacramento Boy,
Belle Free, Palo Alto, The Referee,
Reckless Acrobat, Pasha Pleasant, Full
Moon, New Home Boy, Sea Lion, Hud
son, Gambit, Renegade Apache, Char
ter Member, Tlllle R, Lost Chord, High
Born and Haphazard.
The Chicago Coursing Club held
three meetings and then closed its
gates until next winter on account of
the hot weather. The club will bid
for the Waterloo and for the Missis
sippi Vafley Futurity.
Rubber Ankles and Sacramento Boy
have been matched for another series
of trials. D. Walsh was not satisfied
with the outcome of their last meet-
Ing. Each owner puts up $100, to
which Union Park adds a like amount.
The match, will be decided one week
from to-morrow.
A special holiday reserve stake will
be run at Union ParkTon Monday. The
drawing will be held at the park to
morrow. There will be the usual Sun
day train service. A feature of next
week's card will be a puppy stake.
A flfty-six-dog open stake will form
the card to-morrow at Union Park.
The first brace of greyhounds will go
to the slips upon the arrival of the
10:15 o'clock train. A number of high
class hounds will be in the running.
The likely winners:
Cliarter Member. Kene&ade Apache. Ruby
Sankey. Hudson. Concord Tralee. Lord. Brazen,
Ragged Actor. Reckless Acrcbat. High Born.
Belle Free Richard Anton. Cubanola, .Texas
Hoo Hoo. Fontenoy. Fair Tralee. Texas Jill.
Liberator, Rocker Arm, Haphazard. False
Alarm Recto», Rapid- Water, Rural Artist.
Ragtime. Vandal. Sea Lion, Rubber Ankles and
Raby Aurora.
The baby coursers will have their
turn to-day at Ingleside Park. Twen
ty-four puppies have been entered in
a stake for youngsters and some good
running is expected. Octaviug, at the
top of the card, and Lady Dorritt and
Bright Columbia, at the bottom, are
the most likely candidates for. stake
honors. In the open event Fo-xhunter.
Doc Burns, Firm Fellow and Miss
Brummel look the best for the stake.
Coursing will commence at 11 o'clock
to-day. The likely winners look to be:
Puppy Stake — Queen" a Beauty. Octavius,
Stlngaree, Proper. Silent Water. Lady Royer.
Creole Belle, Youns McDonald. Arcnadah. Good
as Gold, Lady Dorrltt. Bright Columbia.
Open stake — Real Duchess. Frisky Barbara.
PlouRhman. Balendlne. Idleness. Jerry Wright.
My Bonnie King. Yankee Boy. Real Pasha.
Pure Pearl. Idaho Boy.t Colored Lady, Tralee
Lass, Donnybrook. Monbells, Frisky Boy. Ag-
Ble W Sofala. Alsrie McDonald, Doc Burns.
Roy Hushle, Gold Feather. Yellow Tall. In
truder, Prompto Royal Friend. Wattles. Mark
Twain Lulu Girl. Melllnwood. Firm Fellow.
Commercial Traveler, Grace Greenwood^ Dear
Gaxton, Master Rocket. Miss Brummel. Conroy.
Orslna Bob R. Peter Mclntyre. Younff Klam
ath Fenil Miss Lucille. Belfast. Haughty
Helen, Silver Cloud. Beauty Gold, Frisco Lad.
Cleverest Sixteen Perform
ers Are Expected to Meet
in the Ladies' Day Stake
CHAMPION HOUNDS
ARE IN TRAINING
The third annual tennis tournament
for the championship of San Francisco
will be played 6n the California Club
courts to-morrow and Monday. The
winner of the tournament will meet J.
Drummond MacGavln, the present
champion, in the college match. The
first tournament was won by George F.
Whitney, the second by Grant M. Smith
and the third by Drummond MacGavin.
In the absence of a championship cup
Whitney and Smith were compelled to
play throughout the tournament. Last
year a cup was presented by Joseph D.
Grant, and In future the champion will
not be called upon to play in the tour
nament.
The best fifty players from both sides
of the bay have entered, and some in
teresting matches will result. Most of
the entries are from San Francisco, be
ing sent in from the California and the
Golden Gate clubs. The largest number
of entries are from the park, twenty
three of the public court cracks hav
ing subscribed their names to the en
try list.
Probably the strongest player in the
tournament is Percy Murdock of Ala
meda. At his best he would have no
difficulty in winning, but he is erratic
on the courts and cannot be relied
upon. Of the players from this side of
the bay Will Allen, Frank Mitchell
and George Baker are undoubtedly the
best. Allen and Mitchell are from the
California Club. Allen is in poor form
and of late has been playing a miser
able game. Although he beat Mac-
Gavin at the park two weeks ago, he
was on the same day badly beaten by
Baker.
Mitchell plays a clever game at times.
If he meets Allen, Baker or Murdock
in one of the early rounds he may beat
them, but he can hardly last through
a tournament of this size.
While Baker, Murdock, Allen and
Mitchell are figured as the class of the
event, there are several players who
may surprise the talent- Herbert
Schmidt of the California Club and
Clarence Griffin of the Golden Gate
Club are clever players and should
work well into the tournament. Men
like Dunlai>. Crawford. Cornell, Long
and C. Smith may also make some of
the cracks extend themselves.
Play will begin promptly at 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning. AH matches ex
cept finals and challenge match will be
two sets out of three; finals and chal
lenge to bo three out of five. A lunch
eon will be served to players and
guests. The tournament will be held
under the Joint auspices of the Cali
fornia and Golden Gate tennis clubs.
Four prizes will be offered besides the
Grand challenge cup. Those reaching
the semi-finals will receive prizes.
Gross Scores Will Count as
Qualifying Hounds in Con
tests for Council's Cup
There will be a handicap competition
over eighteen holes for men and a sim
ilar contest over nine holes for women
on the links of the San Rafael Golf
Club to-day. The members of the San
Francisco Golf Club have been in
vited to take part in these events. The
first eight gross scores among the men
will qualify for the competition for the
Council's cup for men and the lowest
eight scores among the ladies will qual
ify for the contest for the Council's cup
for women.
On Decoration day in the morning the
first round at match play in the com
petitions for the Council's cup will take
place, and in the afternoon* the second
or semi-final rounds will be played.
The final rounds in bo*:i competitions
will be held on Saturday, June 4.
Though work has been begun on the
new course of the San Francisco Golf
Club at Ingleside, it is not likely that
much will be done during the dry sea
son. The San Francisco Golf Club has
been incorporated, the directors being
Captain J. S. Oyster, president; H. M.
Hoy t, Dr. J. R. Clark, R. J. Woods and
R. D. Girvin.
On Decoration day there will be a
handicap over 36 holes for the members
of the Oakland Golf Club on the Point
Adams course, which is still used
pending the completion of the new
Country Club links. The house of the
Country Club is finished and presents a
handsome external appearance. It is
surrounded by well laid-out grounds.
In the competition for the amateur
golf championship of Great Britain no
one is eligible who has ever made for
sale clubs, balls or other articles con
nected with the game. There are some
who think this regulation unsatisfac
tory. It is said that a man of humble
origin might, through industry and
aptitude for business, come to be the
head of a great firm, might become
wealthy, be elected to the House of
Commons and occupy a good social po
sition; yet, under the present rules, if
it could be shown he had ever made a
ball or club for sale, he would be class
ed as a professional, or at least not re
garded as a bona-fide amateur. Some
times, too, gentlemen by birlh and edu
cation, may avail themselves qf their
skill in golf to increase small incomes
by methods that affect their amateur
standing. Afterward their fortunes
may improve or they may even attain
distinction; yet they are barred forever
from taking part in open amateur com
petitions.
Some people suggest that -'1 distinc
tion be abolished, amateurs and pro
fessionals meeting on equal terms. In
Great Britain this is regarded as im
practicable. The professionals would
not view the proposal favorably arid it
is said to be "impossible even to con
ceive the idea of gentlemen competing
with professionals for money prizes,
which is the logical outcome of the
lde-a." It is thought the delegates who
have the championship arrangements
in charge or the committee of the club
on whose links it is played ought to
have the power to reinstate suitable
persons who have loet their amateur
standing.
Best Fifty Eacket Wield
ers of This District Will
Meet in the Competition
GOLF HANDICAPS
AT SAN RAFAEL
TENNIS PLAYERS
IN CHAMPIONSHIPS
Several boats of the San Francisco
Yacht Club fleet will leave their Sausa
lito moorings this afternoon on a three
days' cruise. They will make Benicia
to-night, dropping anchor to the east
<-,i the steamer landing. They will cruise
through Montezuma Slough to-morrow,
thence to Vallejo, where they will an
chor for the night. On Monday the
fleet will pail down from Vallejo to Sau
ealito. the four yachts that were not
placed in the race on Sunday, the 6th
inst., contending for the two trophies
that were not awarded on that occa
eion. The yachts are the yawl Witch,
the sloops Annie and Surprise and the
echooner Martha. The first and second
cups were won by the sloops Alice and
Challenger.
To-day and to-morrow are open dates
on the schedule of the Corinthian Yacht
Club and will be spent by many of the
yachtsmen in preparing their boats for
the annual regatta, that takes place on
Ijecoration day. Several of the pleasure
craft th«t do not take part in the re
gatta will be used on a three days'
cruise to Benicia, Vallejo and other
places.
The fleet of the California Yacht Club
Will cruise to Benicia to-night.
" The South Bay fleet has a cruise to
San Francisco set down in its schedule.
A start will be made from its headquar
ter? at Alviso to-morrow morning at 1
o'clock.
The Oakland Canoe Club •will cruise
.to-morrow to the anchorage of the En
cinal Yacht Club, Alameda, and on
r>ecorajiion day the second interclub
canoe "race between the craft of the
Oakland, Encinal and Olympic clubs
¦will be held over a triangular course
off the south shore of Alameda Coun
ty, the length of which is about six
miles. After the races the fleet of the
Oakland Canoe Club will remain at
the headquarters of the Encinal Yacht
Club during the week, returning to
Sessions Basin on Sunday, June 5.
The annual regatta of the Cor
inthian Yacht Club on Decoration day
will be more than usually interesting,
as the number of entries is larger
than in last year's event. In several
of 'the classes there are new boats,
whose sjieed and abilities are not yet
known. In the twenty-foot class the
Vixen and the Ruby are new com
j>etitors and will make a keen contest.
In the yawl class last year there were
only three entries, but this year there
are seven, the additional entries being
the yawls Bprajr, El Revo and Aca
j>ulco, and the new schooner, Lady
Ada, launched a few weeks ago from
Stone's yard. In the twenty-five-foot
class the sloops Dixie and Hiawatha
r.re new entries, the class also includ
ing the speedy craft Discovery, Ruby,
Merope and Neva. In the thirty-foot
class sire included the well-known rac
ing craft Aeolus. Amigo, Truant and
also the enlarged and improved
Presto. The new sloop Corinthian will
rot take part in any race until the
contest "for the Perpetual Challenge
cup. In the thirty-six-foot class there
-fire no new boats, but the sloop Har
,poon and the old rivals, Emma, Edna
end Thclma, will not fail to keep the
spectators interested. In class I, in
cluding all yachts having a racing
length of more than thirty-six feet, a
close struggle is expected between
Commodore Jennings' Speedwell and
F. G. Berry's Nixie. The latter is sail-
Ing remarkably well this season, while
the Speedwell is always in good trim
and excellently handled by "Koko"
Howard. The Clara, Mischief and
Hover are also entered in this class,
but the real contest will be between
the craft owned by the commodores
of the Corinthian and Fresno yacht
clubs.
Corinthian Annual Decora
tion Day Regatta Will Fur
nish Sport for Sea Dogs
YACHTSMEN PLAN
HOLIDAY CRUISES
CHAMPION JEFFRIES LEADS CAREFUL LIFE IN MOUNTAINS
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, .SATURDAYi^MAYV 28,-1904:
10Managers Will Be Force(T*to
Strengthen Their Teams
in Order to Keep Abreast
RACE FOR HONORS
GROWS WARMER
AS DAYS GO BY
About the biggest thing on ice is the
price.
HAUSER GETS TV.'O TEARS.— Alfred Mark
Hauser, who pleaded guilty t o the theft of $400
worth of cold bullion from the United States
Mint, -was Sentenced yesterday by United States
District Judge de Haven to two years' imprU
onment In the penitentiary a^ £an Quentln.
CLAIMS HE AVA6 DECEIVED.— In a suit
filed yesterday by E. B. Burns against Beadle
Bros., the shipping men, he chaises that they
willfully deceived him ¦ In - representing ' that
they were 1 ; the owners of the steam schooner
Cclta-i He therfore - asks the.courtto compel
the firm to pay over, to him $1250 he placed to
the credit of. the firm as a deposit on the pur-
Chase price c£ the vessel.
Special round-trip tickets, $10. include
railroad fare and two days' board at the
famed Hotel Del Monte. Leave San
Francisco next Saturday or Sunday.
Through parlor car to the hotel. Golf
links never greener and surf bathing is
AcllghtiuL Mfim *
Decoration Day at Del Monte.
Jack Munroe took his Injured finger
out of splints yesterday, but did no
boxing. He will, however, do some
sparring this afternoon at the Beach
Tavern with Andy Gallagher, and sev
eral other well-known heavyweights.
Munroe Will Box To«Day.
City Attorney Long ."advised the De
partment of Electricity yesterday that
no extra compensation can be allowed
to* 'employes of 'the department that
work overtime. Long- says that if the
work is such* that men are required to
do extra service, then the / working
force must be , Increased.'
No Pay for Overtime.
Two games of Gaelic football will
be played at the Presidio athletic
grounds on Monday afternoon. The
first game is to be called at 2 o'clock
and will be between the McBrides and
the Wolfe Tones. The Emeralds and
the Parnell clubs will meet In the sec
ond match and a great game is ex
pected.
Gaelic Football .Matches.
Sixth race, one and an eigrhth miles — Ross
mond won Basic second, MieEile third. Time,
I MM.
Third race, one rail* — Jake Greenberj? won,
MontpolU'r second, Tom Hall third. Time
1:39%:
Third race, one mile, handicap — Lew Dorscy
wen. Proofreader eecond. Herring third. Time,
1 :40.
Fifth race, five furlonrs — Fred Reckaw won
Manfred second. Black Art third. Time.
1 :C1 4-5.
OI.S'CINXATL. May 27. — Latonia results:
First rac*. fix furious" — Mabel Wynne won,
J'rH-ol second, Mlnran third. Time. 1:1O>«.
Second raoo. four and a half furlong* — Del]
fit Achland wen. Impends swrond. Green Gown
third. Tlroo. :.VJ.
Latonia Race Result*.
BALTIMORE, Md., May 27.— Joe
Cans to-night defeated Johnny Cook,
reputed to be the lightweight cham
pion of England and the welter-weight
ehampion-of South Africa, before, the
Eureka Athletic Club. Cook quit in
the eighth round after right and left
RwlngR to the Jaw, which nearly put
him out.
Joe Cans Easily Defeats Cook.
Stolen base — Schlafly. Errors — Toman,
Flood Smith, , Wheeler. Two-base hits—
"Wheeler, Byrne, Chase. Sacrifice hits— J.
Streib. First base on errors— Oakland 4. Left
on bases — Los ' Anceles 1. Oakland 6. Baser,
on balls— Off Hall 2 off. Cooper 1 1. Struck
out— By Hall 0; by Cooper.- 5. •;• Double play —
Toman- to •¦wheeler. (2). Time of game — One
hour and 30 mlniifs. .Umpire— McDonald. I
SUMMARY.
(Angels' Errors* Are Cosily.
LOS ANGELES, May 27.— Hall
pitched perfect ball for Los Angeles
to-day and if he had been given per
fect support in the field would have
scored a shut-out against Oakland. As
it. resulted, Oakland scored enough
runs on the errors of the locals to win
the game. It was a pitcher's battle
throughout.. Score: . ,
Lo» Angeles — - I Oakland — . •
AB. R. H.P.A.I AB. R. H.P.A.
.Voman.ss 3 O 1 3 3 Oanly.rf 4 -1 0 1 • 0
Klood,2b 4 0 0,0 2 Frnks, ss 3 0 1 • 1 • 4
Hmith.Sb 4 0 0/1 l.Krugr.cf 4 0 0 10
Pnard.cf 3 0 I 7 2 0 Shfly.2b 3. 1 1 1 3
Crvth rf 3 0 0 10 J.Strb.lb .1 0 0 16 0
Uos«. ' If : 3 0 0 2 0, Devrx,3b 4 10 2 .1
Whir, lb 3. 1 1 12 O Byrne, e 4 0 2 43
Ka*er c .1 0 1 0 OjT.Btrb. If 4 0 0 10
Hall. 'p. 2 0 0 0 2 Coopr. p 3 0 0 0 8
•Chase .. 1 1- 1 0 0 • . — —
—I Totals.32 3 4 2T 10
Totals.29 2 5 27 10 -
?Chase batted for Hall In the ninth Inning.
RUNS AND" HITS BY INNINGS.
Los An&eles -0 0 10 0 0 0 0 1—2
hlt» ......0 0 2 10 0 0 0 2-6
Oakland ... ..:....<> 10 10 0 0 1 O— 3
Base* hits ......0 1-0 1 0 0 0 2 0—4
The Mayor holds that the permit
was illegally granted under the char
ter. The Mayor also ascertained that
the City Attorney had not advised the
board to dismiss the action, as the
charter requires.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday sent to the
Board of Supervisors his veto of the
resolution directing the City Attorney
tb dismiss the action of the city to
compel Bush Bros, to remove a stair
case projecting eighteen inches on the
sidewalk at the corner of Eddy and
FrankHn streets. .
In adopting the resolution the board
assigned as. a reason that a permit
had been granted to Bush Bros! by the
Supervisors in 1900 to encroach upon
the sidewalk..
Mayor Vetoes Resolution of Supervis
ors Ordering Dismissal of Suit
to Remove Encroaehmcnts.'^ra^
OBJECTS TO STAIRCASE
PROJECTING OX SIDEWALK
Illinois Wise, the negro, was- for
merly cook on a schoner that plies be
tween here and Honolulu. He was at
tracted by the little Kanaka. and per
suaded her mother to let him adopt
the child and bring her to this country
to be educated. Once away from the
mother he told the girl that she. must
become his consort. She refused and
was protected by the ship's sailors.
When the vessel arrived at San
Francisco Wise attempted to take his
charge to a disreputable lodging
house, but she objected, and was final
ly taken to the house of Mrs. Haynes
at 915 Powell street. There her plight
was made known to. Secretary White
of the Children's Society and he at
once took charge of her,
Wise strenuously objected to Inter
ference and showed some purported
adoption papers in Judge Murasky's
court' to sustain his claim. It was
shown that Wise had served ten years
in Folsom for killing a Chinaman and
Judge Murasky at once awarded the
custody of the little gh-1 to White.
Rose Lindsey, a half-breed Kanaka,
was rescued from the clutches of the
Jamaica negro by officers of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children last Wednesday and yester
day Judge Murasky ordered that she
be placed in a charitable Institution.
The girl is only 13 years of age.
Honolulu Girl Whom c.\-Convict Lured
Away From Mother Will Be Prop
erly Cored For.
ROSE L1NDSEY IS SAVED
FROM XEGRO'8' CLUTCHES
The initial tournament of the Pa
cific Coast Trap Shooters' Association
will tie held at the Ingleside grounds
to-morrow and Monday. Shootinor
will commence at 9 o'clock each
morning. All the cracks from various
parts of the State will compete in the
tournament. The grounds will be
open to-day for practice. There will
be an exciting five-man team shoot to
morrow and a three-man shoot Mon
day.
Trap Shooters' Tournament.
R. H. E.
Cleveland S o x
St. Louis ..... . ..'. 2 7 i
Batterlen — Donohue and Bemla; Glade and
Su.den.
Philadelphia ..t .7 13 2
New York - .5 8 1
Henley and Schreck; Griffith and
Klelnow.
CLEVELAND. May 27.— Cleveland and St.
Louis played a postponed game to-day, Cleve
land winnlns by bunching hits In the third'
and fifth Inning. Attendance, 4000. .Score:
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON. May 27.— But for the wretched
support by the outfielders and a costly mis
play by J. Stahl. Dunkle of Washington would
have won a pitcher's battle from Young to
day Attendance, 180O. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston • '•'" t 8 ' 2
Washington •••- ; .. ........ .2 5 3
Batteries— Young and Criger; Dunkle and
Klttredje.
PHILADELPHIA. May 27.— Philadelphia de
feated New York to-day by hard consecutlvo
hitting. Attendance, 8«00.
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 2 » 3
Boston - • 3-8 2
Batterieo — Fraser and Dooin; 'Willis and
Moran. Umpire— Johnstone.
NEW YORK. May 27!— Brooklyn lost an
other game to New York to-day, principally
because of inability to hit Matthewson. At
tendance, 4300. Score:
New York 3 1 i
Brooklyn 1 « 2
Batteries — Matthewson and Warner and Bow
erman; Garvln and Rltter. Umpire — O"Day.
PITTSBURO, May 27. — The only chance
Cincinnati had for winning the game was
lost In the ninth, when Wagner made a start
ling catch of Corcoran' s line drive and doubled
Seymour at first. Attendance, 3600. Score:
R. H. K.
Plttsburtr 2 6 1
Cincinnati 0 4 1
Battcrtes — Phtlllpl and Phelps; Kellum and
Peitz. Umpires — Zlmxner and Moran.
CHICAGO,- May 27. — Although the error cot
umn shows several mlsplays on' both sides the
game was close and exciting, brilliant fielding
by both teams offsetting the errors. Taylor's
hit to - the clubhouse and a double play by
Tinker and Evers were features. Attendance.
2400. Score:
Chicago 3 ¦ g 3
St. Louis 2 3 *
Batteries— Bragg and O'Neill; Taylor and
Orady. Umpire— Ew«Ile.
PHILADELPHIA, May 27.— Boston won
to-day's game by opportune hitting. Attend
ance. 700. Score:
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Sixth Raec — RurlcJsh, St. George
Jr., Fred Ix"i>nei-t.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First Raec — Bondage, Talpa, Man
sard.
Second Race — Enij>eror of India,
Irene Lindscy, Precious Stone.
Third Race — Luzarion, Kurtzman,
Seoteh Irish.
Fourth Race — Huzzah, 3IcGee, Col
onial Girl. "•
Fifth Race-^IIaviland, Major Man
sir, Sambo.
II AUTHOR XE SELECTIONS.
First race — Hnnpy Chappy, Wlssen
dinc. Alfio.
Second raec — Wrrath of Ivy, Blum
enthal, Tom Klley.
Third race — All Blaek, Gay Ade
laide, Braden.
Fourth race — Toner, Deutschland,
Jack Young.
Fifth race — Just So, Velos, Doe
skin.
Sixth race — .Toe Goss, Bengal,
Thisbe.
Seventh race — Bessie McCarthy,
Xeversuch, Ijindoln.
DELMAR .SELECTIONS.
National League. ¦ American League
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs — W. L. P^ct
Cincinnati 23 11 .67'JlBoBton 22 10 .«S8
• 'hicago ...21 10 .677 'Cleveland .13 12 .6»>0
New York. 21 10 .«77Phlla 10 IS .OW
I'.t Louis.. 16 15 .616 New York. 17 14 .W8
Vlttaburg .16 16 .SCO Chicago ...IS 16 .C29
Brooklyn ..13 20 .:;'.U Ht. Louis. .14 17 .4S2
Boston ....11 20 .353 Detroit ....11 2O .353
Phil* - .... & 24 .172 .Washngton 6 23 .207
Hans Wagner's Sensational Catch
Dashes the Hones of Cincinnati In
Game With Plttsburg.
STANDING OF THE CXUBS.
MATTHEWSOX'S TWISTliavs
PUZZLE THE BROOKLYN'S
. Errors — Mohler 2. Smith, Casey 2. Stolen
bases — Doyle 2, Shechan. Two- base hits —
Mohler Frisk. McLaughltn. Sacrifice hits—
Nordyk'e, Graham. .Double play — Mohler to
Hall to Brashear. Banes on called balls — Off
Barber 0, off Overall 3. Struck out — By Bar
ber 4 by Overall 7. Wild pitch — Overall. Left
on ba'see — Seattle 7. Tacoma 8. Time of garaa
Two hours and 5 minutes. -Umpire — O'Con
neii. : ; ..• >i ;¦'
SEATTLE. May 27. — Seattle , could
do nothing i with Overall to-day and
Tacoma won in a game lasting more
than two hours. Barber pitched good
ball most of the time, but sent six
men to base^on balls and they all
proved costlyr The score:
Seattle — ¦ . Tacoma —
AB.R. II. P.A.! AB.R. H. P.A
VanH.cf. 4 0 0 5 0 Doyle.rf. 4 12 10
Mohlr 2b 4 1 2 2 1 Phehn.r.b 3 0 0 11
Dlhnty, 3b 4 12 2 0 Nrdyk.lb 4 0 0 10 0
Frisk,*.. .'S 0 14 0 ( Eagan,s. 5 0 0 0 4
Smith. rf. 3 0 0 10 Lynch.cf. "2120
Brhear.lb 3 0 0 5 1 Casey,2b. 5 113 8
Hall.s... 4 0 2 2 2 McLgn.lf 3 12 2 0
Blknslp.c 4 0 0 5 1 Grahm.c. 3 1 1 8 .1
Barber.p. 4 0 0 13 Overall.p 4 110 2
Totals 33 2 7 27 8 Totals 34 7 8 27 15
RUN'S AND HITS INNINGS.
Sfattle 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 1—2
Uase hit* 0 0 0 2 0 12 0 2 — 7
Tacoma 0 1 10 0 10 4 0—7
Base hit* 0 2 110 2 0 2 0— 3
SUMMARY.
Overall In Fine Form.
By. the ICew Yortt Momlruj Telegraph.
rirst race — Lady Amelia, Shot Gun,
Rosrtint.
Second raoo — .Judge Phillips, Ijce
Uidl<*>, Ilillnia Paxlon.
Third race — Diamond, Augur, Aus
tin..
Fourth race — Bryn Mawr, Wotan,
CBrdon.
Ifftli race — Raiment, Salt anil Pep
per, Asterisk.
Shah rac-e 1 — Andy Williams, Ilello,
Lord Cadffc. •
GIt-WIiSEXD SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK, May 27, — The Preak
u^ss stakes, at one mile and seventy
yard?, will be the feature of to-mor-
Vow's card at Gravesend race track.
Thf entries for the day are:
¦-.,--• •• ¦¦ -,-¦'--
First r«ce. about eix furlongs, all affes.
hh^iJIrsp — Ktng Pepprr 300, Kohinoor 104.
"!!-kfcj.y *.»4, Jchn F !>5. Rosettnt 113, Athel
2ii3 .«tu"t Oun 12ii, Athlana 'JO, Collector Jf-ssup
UJS. Jiick Ratlin 00, QraceJul U5, Lady Amelia
Second r»<-e, about two mile*. 6teepl«-cha*<?,
handicap — Pfcilma P»xtor. 142. Flying Virgin
ian :?..'.. The Ragged <;»vallcr 150. Princess
<>.lc ISO Lee Ridl'y 14'1. %1mi Vlrglnlen l."5.
farcer US. Juflgo Phlllli* 152. Whineray 15H,
Curtnagallcn r»">.
'Third rac*>, five and a half furlongs, Man
!mns*tt «?ak»s — Bella Pignora 104. Richard Jr.
UK, Augur 1<X». I'a^aiSena 107, Knight of Pearl
Jirr, M«vimilian 107,. Trarr't-r 1C7. Diamond
107. Au«»n Allen 107. Amb«-r Jack 107, Him
t-urr'r 107, Invader 107.
Fourth race, mil" and s?venty yards, thi*
fnakness stakes — Kncbhampton 10H, Lady of
the Valley ltt*. Brt-n Mawr 10S, Baseful 108.
Poesentoa 113. Cureless 10ft, Hello 118.
Ostrtcb 118. Pt-ntaur Its, Dolly Spanker 115,
\Soun 10S.
Fifth race, five furlong* — Matador 102.
A*t»ri*k ll«. Diatnr^l Flu«h O!>. Fountain 10S,
.•ntim.-ny 103, Mlrtrer* of the Rolls Ii7.
TacMk 1"*. Old Hal 102. Red Reynurd K4.
Knight of Weston 102, Raiment 104. Captain
Hem 100. Sachem lt)4. Little Buttercup Iff*.
Jt-j-u**»a f~i. Salt and Pepper 108.
glvth rac-e, mile and an eighth — Andy WI1J
ir-rf J15. Hello 110, Leader 113, Kthtce 97. Lord
nudge 117, Hlms'lf 1<«. IUyria 02.
Weather cleer. Track fa«.
GUA\'ESEXD ENTRIES.
Sixth race— Five furlongs; purse; thrce-y>ar
oldK ond up.
CS17 Juan nelardo.lMl <W17 Dr. BlrdMll. ..1i:5
.. Mnd. Magnln.Uf'i C814 Lizzie AVard.,lCO
•!7S.-i Abydos 1T2| %inc6mbe ....105
(0SO7)Llght Braid... 1181
•Apprentice nllowance.
Fifth race— Five furldnca; selling; three
yrar-olds and up.
CK07 •Moynard . ...H»l «7S1 Titus 107
6702 Flourish 107| CWK2 \ lrgll D 105
(ison Constanza . . .1C5MI817 8. of Tarsus.. 107
07!U Gondolus ....107 «.sni 'Sir DouriU...H2
C«(X» Conche . .105! «772 Y. Morello. . . .110
0708 Gibraltar . ...1IO!«771 Ragnarock II.. 107
Fourth race — Five furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and up.
C707 Amoruna ... .105! OHIO Magnelone ...105
«ifl7 Rub Queen... 105| «S07 'Pachuca H>0
CS10 Blondura 105 •!7n; Fpry Lark. ...105
G7!K» Breton 107 0702 Pencil Me Id?
0800 'Katanga . . .100! (WOl Thaddeus 107
0817 Urbano 10T| <!7!t0 Bremus 107
Third race— Six furlongs; selling: three-year
olds ar.d up.
6S11 Cuthello 105 0,fiS7 Ripper 119
CS12 Jdg Voorhies.122 C779 S. Lichtens.e n 121
(JK03 'Crlgll 10Q «7">2 Resigned 1C0
CM3 'Tarragon ...114 <>.Sir> Maud Urowne.lO'i
0811 Myrtle H ...1W| C733 Tom Slavin...l24
Second race — Four furlongs; selling; two
yenr-olda.
6SC8 'Steel Wire . .104|(W>0S)Leah 100
(C7M)Onlv Jimmle..ll2 CSOS 'Iron King ...1C7
CS0K «Ed"lth Vice ..104 GS08 Anita Knlght.100
C80S Mary Pepper. H9|
-'PETAIjUMA ENTRIES.
PETALUMA, May 27. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Kenilworth
Park fire a3 follows:.
First race — Six furlongs} selling; three-year
oldn and up.
C701 'Decimo 114 6781 Montoya 121
6813 "All About. ..116 ftSCO Maxtress 105
CS13 Keogh 107 CS13 'Kl Pilar ....116
(1SU 'Tom Fox ...114 fiSl.'J S.Lazarus Esq. 124
CS01 »Moor HO <i t| 07 »Esforzado ...114
CHICAGO, May 27. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Hawthorne
track are as follows:
First rare — Mansard H)2. Talpa 104, Onton
agon ln5. Bondage 110. Fmntenac 110.
Feeond race, flv»? and a half furlongs, sell
ing—Dusky 110, Precious Stone 112, J. P.
Mayberry 115, Gmperor of India 117, Irene
Llr.flsay 130. Montanic 132. Mlndora 132.
Third race, five furlongs, j Vernal Stakes —
Marth Rcdon Hx", Lucky Charm 100. Envoy
IOC. Glrdlestone 113, Scotch Irifh 113, Gold
Enamel 113. J. B. Smith 113. Chicago Lad 115.
Kurtzman US. Luzarlon 11«. Vldalla 118,
(Gold Knam^l and J. C Pmith, Miller entry;
Kurtzman and Luzarion. Cook entry.)
Fourth rare, mile and an eighth, handicap —
Blackwolf 92. Jerry Lynch D3, Lura lighter 0.",
Huzzah 104. Colonial Girl 102. McOee 123.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Albany Olrl 97. Mam?K'.e 07, Harrison 102.
Major Mcnslr 105. - Glorlosa 105, Zyra 105,
Havlland 107, Fair bo 115.
Pixth race. 5ix furlonr* — Taplola 105. Ves
tira TJplle 103, My Alice KiTi. Nannan 103,
Triumvir 1O7. Duncan 1<>7. Mayer David 8.
Roso 110 Fir Andrew 112. Lanark 112, Bur
lMgh 112, Fred L<-pp*rt 115, £t. George Jr.
IIS.
Weather clear, track fast.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, May . 27.*— Barney
Schreiber's Deutschland carries, top
weight at Delmar track to-morrow in
the- handicap. • The day's entries fol
low:
First race, thlrteen-slxteenths of a mile,
selling— Alflo 1CS, Harpy Choppy 105. Khaki
1C4, Aules 101, Jim Winn 101. Wlssendlne 5)0.
Goodman 00, Arak 90, Boundlee OH, Caelena
82. Lillle Long S>2. Feronia 92.
Second race, six furlongs celling — Major
Carpenter 105. Dan McCue 105, Mlllbrook 101,
St. Roche ICO. Pink Mar.-h 1»V>. Wreath of
Ivy B9, Tom Klley »7. Mengi« 97. J. Relff 97,
Debbie May 86, Blumenthal 05. Mordella DB.
Third race, nine-sixteenths of a mile —
Hraden 107. Edith May 104. Dishabille 104
Clara Forrester 104, Paddy Freighn 103, Gay
Adelaide 100. All Black 100.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
handicap — Deuts«ch!and 112, Taby Tona J07. Dr.
Stephens 112, Jack Young 100, Pathos i»2.
Tower 87. V.,^
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yanis, sell
ing—Bard of Avon 100, Buccltuth HHi, Doe
skin 104. Velos 1C2. Mayor Graham 07, Har
vester 97, Just So 01.
?Uth- race, thirteen-slxteenths of a mile
selling— Bengal 113, Joe Go»s 112. Ivernla 110.'
General Pric 109. Fickle Balnt 107, One More
10tt, Caterpillar 1C<5. Bid Sliver 104. Ethel Da
vis 104. Thisbe. 104. Duela !)0, Drummond 91*.
Seventh race, one and three-elxteenth miles
selling— Bessie McCarthy 111, O'Reilly 110,
Dawson l«t. Rarea 10t*. Landola 107. Never
such 1C5, Strader 103, Bourke Cochran 100
Lord Tennyson 88.
Weather clear. Track fast.*
DELMAR TRACKL ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, May 27.— Frankie Nell.
thej famous little Callfornian boxer,
demonstrated his right to the title of
world's bantam-weight champion to
night by knocking out Tommy Moore
In less than one round at Battery D
Armory. The deciding punch was a
terrific lefthand hook to the stomach
that doubled Moore Into a fantastic
muscular knot and left him groaning
on the canvas while Referee Abe Pol
lock counted off the fatal seconds.
The fight was purely a question of
class, with Nell holding the upper
hand. Moore rushed from the Jump.
He swung his right hand hard on
Neil's head, they clinched, broke and
clinched again and they wrestled
across the ring. Neil landing a hard
left to the stomach. Th^ pace was fast,
Moore getting home twice with right
and left to the jaw, but always too
high to do any serious damage.
Suddenly Neil ripped an awful left to
Moore's stomach The Chicago lad
reeled to the ropes and Neil sprang
upon him like a tiger. Three times that
murderous left sank into Moore's mid
riff and the local boy dropped to hia
knees, groaning. He was up at the
count of eight and made a desperate
rally, but his strength had deserted
him. His lips were white with the
whiteness of death. Heavily his arms
swung to and fro in vain attempts to
reach his enemy's jaw.
On came Nell, remorseless, the light
of victory in his eyes. Once again that
deadly left sunk Into Moore's stomach.
The Chicagoan fell forward, his chin
striking the padded floor. He was
counted out and did not come to for
some time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Chicagoan Succumbs
Ere First Round •
Is Ended.
FRANKIE NEIL. THE CALIFOR
NIAN BOXER. WHO SCORED A
DECISIVE VICTORY AT CHICAGO.
Stolen bases— Hildebrand, Nadeau. Errors —
HUdebrand, Ma«sey. Francis. Irwin, Anderson 2.
Two-base • hits — Francis, Murphy, Drennan.
First base on error* — San Francisco I, Port
land 2. Fir?t base en called balls — Oft Iberg
1. Left on bases — San Francisco 6, Portland
<\. Struck out— By Whalen 1, by Iberg 3.
Doubie play— Francis to Murphy. Wild pltcli —
Whalen. Time of game — On© hour 35 minutes.
Umpire — Houston.
SUMMARY.
Portland 0 3 0 0 10 O 1 0^ — 3
Base hits 13 0 0 2 1 0 3 0-rlO
San Francisco 9 O0000O0O— 0
Baee hits .1 00002110—5
* It must be a source of much satis
faction to Mr. "Ham" Iberg to treat
his. former teammates and the man
ager who discarded him to a double
blank in one week. Aside from any
personal grudge which < "Ham" ! may
have settled, he achieved a brilliant
victory and deserves all the credit that
may be coming. Score, San Francisco
0, Portland 5.
"Ham's" old time running mate,
Jimmy Whalen, came in for a beating
at the hands of the men garbed in
brown. His shoots never looked as
easy as^ they did yesterday and al
though he was there with the control
and the curves^ the Brownies were able
to land freely on the leather.
Errors figured quite prominently in
the accumulation c-f tallies during a
hot mixup in the"second round. It was
opened by Francis with # a clean cut
two-bagger out to deep left. Murphy
followed with one of the same stripe
to the opposite field and the firs^ run
was a- reality. Steelman sent Murphy
to third on an infield out and Shea
,forced him at the plate by hitting to
Anderson, who returned the ball in
lightning style and executed a grand
play that started the bleachers cheer-
Ing.
The -fast work did not prevent more
runs. Iberg was safe on Massey's
error and Shea traveled as far as third.
Drennan pounded the ball to left and
scored Shea. Ibergistarted for third
and Hildebrand did<«iejioot stunt with
the ball. 'Hfe then threw low to Irwin
and Iberg scampered for the pan. Ir
win's throw was wide, so it was not
difficult for the Portland Blabster to
get in with the third run.''
The other two for Portland came
easily, aided by timely hitting in the
fifth and* eighth rounds.
In the second. inning Gorton was in
jured by- J^urphy, -^who 'came rushing
headlorfgf^nto'' hlmiatnthe- plate. Gor
ton was' badly shaken up, but tried to
get -back Jnto the game. "His sight
seemed impaired and he was forced to
seek the bench. Leahy went in to
work, although suffering from a bad
finger. -The score:
1 San Francisco— . . .Portland —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Hlhnd.lf 4 0 12 0 Drnan.cf 3 12 2 0
Waldn cf 4 0 2 4 0 McCde.rf 5 0 0 0 0
Meany.rf 4 0 110 Nadru.it 5 12 2 0
IrwIn.Sb 4 0 0 2 1 Beck, 2b 4 0 2 3 3
Massy.lb 4 0 0 13 li Francls.s 4 1 2 1 «
AmVsn, s 4 0 0 1 5>Mrphy,lb4 O 1 15 O
Reltz,2b 3 0 10 4!Stlmn,3b 4 0 10 1
Gorton.c 1 O 0 2 OThea, c 4 1 0 4 0
Whalen, p 2 0 0 13 Iberg, p 4 1 0 0 2
Leahy, c20010; - — :
Totals.30 5 10 27 14
I Totals.32 0 5 27 13 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
(Pacific Coast League.-)
W.L.P'ct. 1 W.L.P*ct.
Oakland ....'.33 24 .071) Los Angeles.. 32 27 .542
Seattle 31 24 .5U4 ;-an Fran 24 32 .429
racoma 32 25 .562 Portland 10 SO .308
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
SIXTH RACE — One mile;; four-year-olds and
up; selling. ' - s^-.:
Betting. Horse. Woleht; Jockey. St. % Fin. !
1 to 2— Col. Van. 107 (Crosswte) 0 1 Vi 1 2
6 to 1— Romalr.e. Iu7 (Wright).. 5 2 1^2 4
6 to 1— Sollnu«, 100 (Buxton)... 4 3 13 4
Time, 1:42%. Htart good. Won handily.
Second and third ridden \mt. Possart 114.
Dandle Belle 110. Prtstolus 107, finished aa
named. . ¦ ' "
FIFTH RACE — Five ' furlongs; three-year
olds and- up;' selling. % \ ' ." . ¦ ''¦'-.-¦¦
Betting. Horse. Weighty Jockey. St.. % Fin.;
2 to 1— Sub Queen. . 117 (F.Kly) 2 2 '.4 1 1
Even— Priestlike. 112 (Crsswte) 4 3 1 1%'
15 to 1— Urbano. 119 (Everson). 5 5 3-3 4 .
Time 1:O1H* Staft"gT»d. Won" first three
driving". Edra 117, Juan Bellardo 110. |Her
cults 122, Dr. Blrdsall —.finished as, named.
Time. l:41«/4 Start good. Won first 'four
driving hard. Northwest SI, Tom Klngsley
110 Dusty Miller 95. Tannhauser 81, Florian.i
Belle 78. finished as named. - •. .. «
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 6— The Lieut.. 80 (Cmswt) 4 4 2 1 h
5 to 1 — Step ArAund.fli (Fltzpk) 1 2 1 2 %
3 to 1— The Pride 111 "(Llnton). 3 1 '//3 4
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling: ' "
Betting, Horse. Weight, Jocltey. St. % Fin.
Even— Scherxo. 104 (Narvaex)... 1 2 Vj 12V4
13 to 1— M Browne. 03 (Clark)... 2 1% 2h
5 to 1-^-Sliss Vera. 107 (Frowen). 4 5 3 . 3 h
¦Time. l:15ii. ' Start poor. Won ridden out,
next three driving. Huapala 04, Carllee 102,
Mr. Dingle 113. St. l Rica 110, MeaUJ 107,
finished s,s named. ;
SECOND RACE — Four furlongs; maidens;
three-year-olds and up; selling: .- S —
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Llazle Ward, 107 (Stewart) 1 12 12
Even— Targette. 100 (Sullivan)... 4 .2 1 2 1^
0 to 1— Estraza. 110 (Heavener).. « 5 2 3 Vn
Time :4S->i. Start fair. : Won first . three
driving. Red Horse 100, Vonzollern 107,: p - 0
tentla 105. Oeorgie Black lf>r>, The Jew 102,
Brown Patsy 10$, St. -Yusrt 107, finished as
named. . -
PETALUMA, • May 27.— Harry Sto
ver's gelding The Lieutenant was bid
up from $400 to $800 after winning the
mile celling race for three-year-ojds at
Kenilworth Park to-day. Stover re T
tained the horse by the usual raise.
ThJ3 Is the third set of brackets scored
by ;the^ chestnut gelding at this meet.
He is by Brutus-Princess and promises
to make as good a stake winner as his
stable mate, the famous Kenilworth.
In the sixth race Colonel Van opened
at 3 to 5, but despite the heavy play
he receded to ( even . money." Judge Eg
bert noted this and ordered a change of
jockeys. The odds -dropped to 1 to 2.
Colonel Van. however; won handily.
The events were all hard fought,
making an entertaining day. for the.
large crowd attending. The track, was
perfect, the weather .fine. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six. furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; srlllnr: ' '. .
Btttlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin:
6 to 5 — Nonie, 102 (Crosswaittje) 7 3 11 «i"
rt to 1 — Tarragon, 300 (Buxton).. 6 2 V 3 2n'
2l» to 1—Keogh, 90 (Eanwhaw)... 4 11V63 3
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won first three
driving. All About 104/ Bee Rosewater 105.
Victoria 8 102, Little Secret 1C8, Cherries 107,
Reolia II 88, El Pilar 107, Geisha Girl 100,
Sam Lazarus Esq. 112. finished as named.
They Start After Mr. Whalen
Early in Ganie and. Runs
Are Easy to Accumulate
NEW YORK. May 27.— The only stake
on the Gravesend card to-day was the
1'atchopTuo, which attracted a large
Held. Gay Boy and Astarita were first
and second choices. After Astarita had
exhibited aU her well-known speed for
a mile her closest pursuer. Ascen
sion, parsed her and came on looking
«n easy winner. Major Phelan then
began to overhaul Ascension, but the
Jatter lasted long enough to win by a
n"pck. The stake was worth $2025 to the
v inner, which is owned by Charlie Oxx.
Rostand was top weight at 118 pounds
In the third race, a handicap at a mile
and a sixteenth, which brought a fair
• field to the post. It was won by Da
mon, cleverly handled by Jockey Lyne.
lie hugged the rail and was able to
make his mount last long enough to
v in by a head from Stolen Moments.
JUj>on which Hildebrand rode a vigorous
rnish. racing Dainty in the last two
Frrides. Close observers thought But
tons was badly treated in this race. He
vas cut across, pulled up. ran out on
the first turn and perhaps on two other
turns and yet was coming fast through
the stretch.
Wild Folly was the good thing in the
fifth race, but after hor odds had been
cut in half there was a. reaction. Water
eide. the natural favorite on public
form, was heavily backed and proved
en easy winner. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; puree; for two
>»ar-olds.
lUttin?. Horse. Weight Jockey. -St. «4 Fin.
Jt to 10— Mlandy. 117 (ONeill). 2 2 3 11
2.*> to I — M. Gorman 104 (Crtnk) <J a 2 2 3>i
*> to 1 — Gold. Snrse.liC (Cchrn) ft r> l^j.'s 3
Time. 1:01 1-5. Stan poor. Won driving.
Vir.nor. N. Bonnin.fton's ch c. by Hastinrs-
JVMnda. Fly Bark. Red Fox. Fiieball. Ton
friirder, Recreo St. B»Hane, Broadcloth. C. T.
>>>lan. Pete Daily, finished a.- named.
SECOND RACE— About six furlongs; selling;
for three-ycar-oldf and up.
Batting. Hor*e Wright Jockey St. ri Fin.
V to 5— Unmask-d. 109 (Fhaw). 3 1 141 24
P to 5— D. Bernard. 1C3 (Hldrbd) 2 3 3 2 3»»
¦t) to 1 — Naughty Lady.H>U(Crmk) 5 6 h 3 n
Tim*. 1:14 2-R. 6t&rt p-x>r. VTon easily.
TVinner. J. McCue'n b. g. by Domino- Mere
Hill fkjhohurle Mary Glenn. Counter|>oi*S'',
Bardolpn Handfull, Mart Muller. Marokanta.
Krlshha. Starbright. Bdllac, Wllkey, finished
THIRD RACE — One and a sixteenth miles:
• handicap; for thret--y^ar-olds and up.
netting. Hor**, Weight. Jockey. St. Fin.
•' * to 1 — Damon. 1O» iL>nf) 3 1 h 1' h
7 to 2 — Stln. Momnts.lll <Hldt>) 1 4 S 2 'i
3l» to 1— Dainty 114 <Traver*)..10 2h 35
Time. 1:47 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
¦Winner R. II. McC. Potter's blk. c. by No
mad -Kosali*-. Buttons, Sweet Alice, Rostand,
• EmbarrsffnwT.t. Duke of KendaL Garnish,
P.aylan April Showers. Ruby Ring, finished
l.- .named.
FOURTH RACE— About six furlcngs; three
v^dr-nlis" and up. the Patchogue Belling stakes:
Bettine. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to lT-At-oen»!(Wi 106 (Burns).. 5 2 !j 1 rs
* 4 to*— MaJ. Pheian, &5 (Hildbrd) 2 3 H 2 2«4
. 10 to 5~ A*t*rita. 1W (O'Neill). . . 4 1 1 4:1 us
T'.Tr.e. 1:10 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
"•\Vmner. <". K. «Jxx* b. m. by B«?n Stronu--
A<5cra. Wild Thj-m*-. Th» Musketeer, Di\-lni»
» tion. Iri<iiu*. Bob Murphy. Gay Boy. Arabo,
Young Henry. Eagle, Castallan, Fire Eater,
' mUhfd at named.
FIFTH RACE— F;ve rarlongs; two-year-olds;
falling:
letting. Horse, Weight. Jorkey. St. «j Fin.
4 to 5— Waterside. 107 (O'Neill).. 2 1.1 14
4 lo ]_\Vili Fo:iy. 104 rHlldbrd) 1 2 3 2 2'i
3.1 to 1 — Rubric. Iflfe <Redfern) « 3h 31',
T!m». 1 :<'l 2-5. Start fair. Won eacily.
."VVir.ner. N. IJenlngton'n b. c. by Watercress-
Troyenne. Royal Lfffenrt. Judaf, First Born,
Goldfieur. Lang Doian. Linicrick, Virgo, Wla
* cheater. Sanction. Chljp'.p Thorpe. Mis? Bryant
and Hundalicc finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— About Fix furlongs; maiden
thref-vear-olds; purse:
Herring. Hor^e. Weight. Jockey. St. %i Fin.
. IS to 1 — Ancestor 107 (J. Martin) 1 12 1 ns
T5tol— S. Lyr.n**.Kxi. 112 (Chrr.) 3 33 28
2 to 5— Alliance 112 (Hildebrand) 2 2h 3 1^4
T:me. 1:11. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner T L. Watts' b. f. by Plaudtt-Addie C.
Ft. R.-*»eze, Zeiller. Hatchet. Patagonian.
HiooWIynite. O^ootz. TTayfarer. Stalker. May
em!tb. Remlttal and Fitzroe* finiyijed as
Turned. . •:- :.:-/ ¦ _. ,
Special Dispatch to Th« C»H
T'.r^f. 1 :C8 2-5. Start good. Won In a canter.
Winner, C. E. Durneil's b. f. by Ben Brush
1N Clover. My Jane 102. Planters 101, Mandy
Le« 102. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
thrte-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horrf. Weight. Jockey. St. % , Fin.
!» to 10— New Mown Hay.U0<Pn> * S 2 13
10 to 1 — Ptr J. Somtrs.l07«En-.b) (5 . 4 h 2 n -
5 to 2 — Prf-cious Stone,llH<Law) 4 3 h 3 3
FIFTH RACE — !";ve furlongs; two-year
olds; celling: *
Betting. Horse, Weipht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
."}0 to 1— Aller. Avon.101 (Knapj.). 4 1113
IS to 5 — Adare, 100 (Lawrence).. 8 4 2 2 1
7 tn 1— 1>1 Carina.104 (Larsen).ll 8 n 3 1^
Tim<% 1:02 3-5. Start good. Won easilv.
Winner. Mrs. It. Brartl^y's ch. g. by Aloha-
Avola. Lady Moneuse- PR, -Moorish Damsel 102,
Azrhnii VS. Peggy Mine 100, The Trifler 10&,
Seaworthy 100, Mrs. Bob 10«». Anona {»!>,
Herllda 101. Cherry Bird 101, finished as
named. - .
FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up; purse:
Beitlnjj. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Kin.
4 to 1— Mons Beaucaire.10* (Bkr) 2 8 1 2tf
4 to I — •Commodore, 9<$ (NVcol). 7 3 12 1
» to 1 — Injunction. 120 (Aubucn) 8 « n 3 1
SO to 1— K&tie Powerful (Knapp) 4 1 n 4 n
•Disqualified for foul.
Time. 1 :27 4-.">. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. W. Darden & Co.'s -ch. c, 4. by
MacDuff-Pellatler. Henry Burt 110, Foresight
100. Judge .Hlmrs 120, Estrado, Palma 10s,
t.r.'s-li-.-.l as named.
THIRD RACE — One *nd a half miles; three
yia;-cltls and up; selling: ' . ¦
Bmlr.g. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
3 to 2— Potheen. 104 (Aubuchon). 6 26 14
13 to 2— Lacy Crawford, OtMNicol) 7 11 2 2
is to 5 — Blackwolf, *5 (Hoffman). 5 4^34
Time, 2 ::j« :{-.">. Start good. Won cantering.
Winner, S. C. Hlldreth's b. h. (5) by Patton-
Dlana. Gravina 104, Compass 100, Lltle Elkin
102. The Way 10V. Colonel Tyler 104, finished
as named!
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase: short course;
fcur-year-oldg and up; handicap:
Bfttir.g. HorM, Weight, Jockey. St. \ Fin.
11 to 2— Itacatiara. 14tt (Carter).. 2 2n 1 2V4
15-to 1— Ceylon. 147 (Bates) 4 1124
12 ?¦> 1— Alma Girl, 141 (Seaton).. 2 4 V4 3 2
Time, 2:52. Start pood. Won easily. Wln
rer, C. Haak & Sons' rh. g. (5) by Montana
Regent-Grass Widow. Snow Drift 132, Dr.
Nowlin 147. Poorlands 102. finished us named.
CHICAGO. May 27.— Not an accident
occurred in the steeplechase, one of the
features of to-day's card at Haw
thorne. Not one of the field of six
horses made a blunder and the entire
field raced well bunched throughout the
short course. First, one, then another,
would take the lead until nearing the
final obstacle, where Itacatiara, backed
from 6 to 1 to 11 to 2, moved up and
after leaping the final fence went to
the front and won as he pleased.
Potheen, backed from 2 to 1 to 3 to 2,
had a cake walk in the third race, at
the Derby distance of a mile and a
half, winning easily from Lacy Craw
ford, which had no trouble, in getting
the place.
The track was good, the weather
clear and warm and the attendance
large. Summaries:
FIRST RACE — Four furlongs; two-year-old
maidens; purse:
Bttlfr.g. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
IStoS— Sliverfkm. 109 (Matthws) V 5 2 11
7 to 1— Woodlands. 114 (Mountn).lO 7 2^2 4
12 to 1— Swedish Lad. 10» (Robne) 2 In 3b
Time. :5<j. start pood. Won handily. Win
ner. H. T. Griffith's gr. c. by Faraday-Katy
Did. lionnle Prince Charlio 114, Cernova 111,
Mart Oentry 111. Rather Royal 114. Sea Voy
age 100 Dixie Andrews 103 Isabella D 106,
Mr. Dade 114, Von Ketel 114, Midnight Mln
etr«-l 114, finished as named.' Lord Dlxon 114
fell.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Net. Regent. 101 (Willms) 2 21 1 1H
12 to 1— Exapo, 90 (Cocolo) 7 1 2 1V4
3 to 1— Hucena, lOtf (L.Wlleon).. 5 3 3 3%
Time, 1:B3H- Start good. Won going away.
Winner, Martin & Walker's ch. m. (7) by
Montana Regent-Nettle Beatrice. Sister Lil
lian 07. Blrdwood 101, Branch II 108, Edgardo
104, Judge Cantrill JK), Little Tommy Tucker
100. Jingler 103, finished as named- /V ...•;• ¦' ¦
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; purse $500:
Bitting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 t>» 1— Marie H, 08 (I* Wilson).. 5 12 11
3 to 1— Ice Water, 100 (D.Xustin) 3 3 Vi 2 n
3 to 1— Elastic, 124 (W.Watson).. 4 2n 3 5
Time. 1:17*;. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner. W. 6. Cannon's br. f. (3) by Swing-
Flush. Ben AiUclna 100 Charlie Thompson
110. Harmakis 103, Foxy Kane 112, finished as
named. '
FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; fouf-year
olds and up; purse: . . . * ¦¦!.',
Betting. Hcrae, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
11 to 2— Ladas. 110 (Dale) 4 12 llVj
3 to 1— Lynch. Ill (Perkins) 5 3n 2 1%
0 to 5— Lingo, 100 (I. flutter).... C 2 I V/A 2
Time. 1:83. Start fair. Won easily.. Win
ner, J. T. Mengel's ch. g. (S) by Albana-Bonny
Lass. Daddy Bender 1C0, Blocker 111, Frank
Jones 111. Frank Rice 112, Memphis 112.
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; purse; two
year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to S — Platoon. 10.J (H.Andersn) 2 1111
!l to ."5 — DRmeron, 105 (D.Austin) 3 2 3 2 7
«tol— Joe Kelley, 108 (Wallace) 1 3 3.
Time. 1:15 3 5. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner. I". J. Miles' b. c, 2, by Prlg-Hilr
meesite. Three starters.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
purse; three-year-olds and up;
Betting. Home. Weight. Jockey. St. • s/. • Fin.
M to 1— A Mlnte, VW (Gullett)... 113 14
« to 1— Requisition, 101 (HunKt) 3 3 4 2 IVS
20 to 1— Dolinda. »1 (Perkins*. . . 2.6 2 3 1
Time, 1:25. Start good. Won pulled up.
Winner. R.W. Nelson's br. m., «, by Farandale-
Summcrhouse. Tenny Belle 103, Murmur 100.
Nabocklieli 108. Nath Woodcock l>8. Clear the
Arena 100. Eleven Bells 103, Jake Webber. 104.
finished us named. ." .¦ ...v
¦ * •
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; purge; three
year-old maidens:
Betiln*. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Hot-down, lfo (M. Mullen) 1 14 17
30 to 1— Grief, 10* (R. Ez«ll).,.U 5 5 ,2h
3 to 1— Yellmantown. 110 CWtsn) 5 3 ji,;j 1*4
Time. 1:14 1-3. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner, J. Huffman'* br. f., 3, by Hobart-
PaUl Uetawny. Th« Nunse 100, King Fix II
107. Mamie Ever* 100, Zams 105, Triple Sliver
U*>. 1 M- at 102, Bamboo Tree 107, Nellie
Cromwell 105, Kandillo 102, finished us named.
ST. LOUIS, May_27. — Elastic finally^
went down to defeat this afternoon "at
Delmar track. Mattie H and Ice Wa
ter finished ahead of the big gelding
in the handicap. Elastic might have
scored another victory had Watson
not permitted him to swerve under
punishment Mattie H was a well
played good thing. Aminta, at 5 to
1. surprised the form players by win
ning the second race. No money was
bet on this one. The weather 'was
clear and the time in the feature event
indicates improvement in track con
ditions. Summaries: j'r'J . ' x
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Brother to Prince Brutus
/ Scores His THird Set of
Brackets at Petal uina
THE LIEUTENANT BID UP
Iyeiiihvorth Officials Do iS T 6t
Like Appearance offset
ting? on|$ffiej Sixth . Race
L-amon Beats Rostand
in Handicap at
Gravesend.
BKOWNS ; AGGRESSIVE
"Ham" Achieves His Second
Triumph in Week Against
His OlcUTimeiTeam Mates
Elastic Is Defeated for
the First Time at
Delmar.
Steeplechase Horses
Show Cleverness
in Jumping. .
ASCENSION IS THE VICTOR
IN THE PATCHOGUE STAKES
JUDGES ORDER
RIDER CHANGED
ON COLONEL VAN
IBERG IS AGAIN
THE STAR OF A
SHUTOUT CONTEST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 2S, 1904.
FRANKIE NEIL'S
RIPPING BLOWS
UNNERVE MOORE
NEIL, THE CALIFORNIAN, WINS IN CHAMPIONSHIP STYLE
The San Francisco Model Tacht
Club will hold Its first regatta of the
year on Spreckels Lake, Golden Gate
Park, on Monday. A silver cup has
been offered by the directors of the
club for a race between sloops meas
uring from forty-two to fifty Inches
inclusive. The first trial race will be
called at 1 o'clock. As all of the larg
est and fastest boats in the club fig
ure in this class there will be some flg
teresting races. The following boats
have been entered: H. London's Imp.
J. Brarinon's Sophie, William Roeck
ner's Apache, O.. Forrest's Piute, J. P.
Daisley'3 Isabelle, O. Nelson's Alba
tross, G. Hay's Amelia, 'B. Jurgens*
Zampa, Todd & Adams' Santee, Col
lier Bros.' Fannie, J. Bernhart's Mil
dred, T. M. Burthout's Ethel. E. P.
Leslie's - Humboldt, G. W. Erwin'*
Mermaid, M. Clawson's Roma and F.
J. McCleary's unnamed sloop.
A committee composed of G. II.
Todd. L. S. Adams, J. D. Dalsley and
H. London has been apopinted to
wait upon tl\e Park Commissioners at
their next meeting with a view to get
ting a clubhouse built on the banks of
the lake. The necessity of such a
building was shown last Sunday, when
Collier Bros, were relieved of an ex
tra set of sails by some boys.'
Three new boats have been built
by the members of the HumboldC
Evening School. The students hav*
built them under the direction of E.
P. Leslie, teacher of draughting and
a prominent member of the San Fran
cisco Model Yacht Club. The boats
are called the Humboldt I, II and III.
Many Fast Miniature Boats Will Com
pete for Handsome Silver Cup
on Decoration Day.
SAILORS OF MODEL, YACHTS
READY FOR THEIR REGATTA
For instance. Peter Lohman should
be dickering with an outfielder who can
wallop the ball. He wants such a man.
and wants him badly. Then another
pitcher would look good on Peter's
staff. He was lucky in grabbing Jimmy
Byrnes In his hour of need, for sinc^
joining the team. Jimmy has saved
many a game for the Commuters.
Morley is better off in the way of
talent than any of the others who count
on winning the pennant. He Is pos
sessed of a good pitching staff and- an
outfield that figures to hit well, but is
still on the waiting list. Then he has &
fine utility man in Wheeler. If the
champions could only strike their bat
ting gait they would surely be win
ning more games. So far their hitting
has been woefully weak.
"The young pitchers on the Tacoma
team are beginning to get theirs from
the artful club swingers on the Seattle
team. Mike Fisher's outfielders are not
meeting the ball any too regularly. All
the heavy stick work Is being done by
the inflelders. The way they have been
batting is out of the ordinary, and It is
out of the question to expect these men
to keep up their present clip much
longer.
Seattle Is coming with a rush, and
the predictions of the knowing ones
who touted the Slwashes as headliners
may make good. Their pitching staff is
crippled, but at that Williams, Hall and
Barber have been doing great things
In the box. But. then, when a team
hits the ball like Wilson's crowd a
pitcher does not have to work so hard.
It is a cinch the opposing clubs will
always have to make a good many
runs before they can claim victory over
Seattle.
Overall has been the only winning
pitcher on the Tacoma staff in the last
series with Seattle.
The baseball fans are making bets
as to which team will hold the lead la.
the Pacific Caast League pennant race
for more than a day at a time. No nine
lnthe league has a license to accom
plish this feat, and judging by the way
the first four are bunched there will be
no leader at all within uN* next two
weeks.
Now that the race has become so In
teresting many of the managers seem
to forget that they will have t<
strengthen some in order to keep in tin
going. *There ia hardly a team in tlu
league that does not want one or more
good men. Of course, it will be a hard
task to dig up just such material, but
it will have to come sooner or later.
SIWASHES COMING FAST
Seattle's Aine of Sluggers
Worry' All Kinds of Pitch
ers When They Swing Bats
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
XEROYuttle
CI OAR SygjJTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 28; 1904.
12
« * EDUCATIONAL— Continued.
A BIGGER schocl than ever. On June t
move to new fireproof building. 7M M,.««t ca
•t. near Third. More space, finer room*
better light. Finest In the West. Com* and
see. S. F\ BUSINESS COLLEGE, now „
1236 Market st.
AYRE3. the leiiling business college. 72.T M ar .
ket st.; established 18 years: special discount
during month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of MInes&Electrlclty.2t p^
st . S. F. ; a practical school of engin»er!n.;-
complete tqulpment. Special catalogue ftt.\
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Fri. evgs~Juv7.
riled Sat.- 2 to 3: priv. lessons <laily. Fmri.
lay's' Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. «y p .
vey, assay cyanhle: day. ev. ; est. 1h»u. v^
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hail
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College <^
advice of oflcial court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1-1S2 Market: caUI<x
PRIVATE lessons English, {"horthan^. etc.. $t
mo. Western - Business College. 1107 Mark*:
GUITAR mandolin and piano. $-"5 per mo ;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 823 Halght st.
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK?
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. SU:h
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b<"n
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Filth.
Open until 11 p. m.
IC.MrLoVMK.vr «K*'KK«.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 133—
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur.
nlshes best help; contracts for farm he!p,e-.e.
A OP.PHEUM Employment Office — Japan»«»-
Ch lnese help. 428 Powell St.: tel. Main 5752.
GRAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
office. 415 Stockton st.; tel. Grant 1C3.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Loon Seung's. 411J4 O'Farrell: tel. East 42'!.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment 0%
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5m
CHINESE and Japanese help: es'ab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 6J0 Clay.
EMPLOYMEXT AVAXTKU FKMAIE.
WANTED — By a lady without lncumbrance. a
pc«itton as housekeeper to elderly couple .-vr
widower; would take position in a store. Ad-
dress MRS. R. REESE. Dimond P. O.,
Fruitvale.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants place In city
or country: general houeework: will com*
at moderate wagra. Please call 91Ji-i Fol-
som ft., bet. 9 and 10.
DRESSMAKING in families by an experi-
enced dressmaker on ladies' and children's
suits; $1 40 rer day; reference. Box 'J7^.
Call office.
A LADY of refinement would care for children
evenings or by the hour, during absence of
parents; city cr environs; references. MRS.
C. 2233 Dana st.. Berkeley.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Call or ad-
dress 9' -. Salmon st., opp. Pacific, near
Taylor *t.
A GERMAN woman with a ehtld. good cook,
wants work, country- 324 Mason st. ; phone
Black 2396.
A LADY would like to care for house during
absence of owner. Address MRS. C, 2203
Dana St.. Berkeley.
WAITRESS, experienced, wants position, city
or country. 324 Mason st. ; phone Black 2:;'.<i;.
YOUNG woman wishes work by th« day. house
cleaning or laundry work. 204 Lil£ ave.
TWO Scandinavian girls that speak no English
wish positions to do housework. 41S Ivy ave.
LADY wishes work, any kind: short hours;
references. Address box 90. 100S Market st.
WOMAN between 30 and 40; good cook, not
afraid of work; country preferred; good home*
rather than wages object. Address box 7St>,
Call office. ¦
AN old German lady seeks a position; plain
cooking and housework; will go to the coun-
try. 1115 Bryant st.
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes a situ-
ation to do housework: is a good cook; small
family. 1274 Howard st.
YOUNG girl wants housework In small Ameri-
can family; wages $25. Call 124 Olive &va..
near Van Ness.
A RELIABLE young woman wishes cooking
and housework In a small family. Box 788.
Call efflce.
SITUATION wanted by Swedish lady as
housekeeper. 231 Stevenson st.
A GERMAN woman desires to clean office.
Eox 703. Csll office.
DRESSMAKER wishes work by the day: no
postals. Call at 1503 H Market St.
A GERMAN woman would like work by the
-day; $1 50 per day. 324 Mason st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken fcr Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Brunch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALIC
MIDDLE-AGED man. steady, neat appearance,
business ability, wishes light work, of any
kind; If outside and of simple character
wages very reasonable; references. Box 717.
Call office.
AAA — TOUNG man possessing mastership four
languages, expert correspondent, manifold
aptitudes and abilities, now opea to an of-
fer. Box 787. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, who operates typewriter,
desires position; bond and references. Box
777, Call office.
A TOUNG man of rood character would llks
position as driver of delivery wagon; refer-
ences. Box 997. Call.
A YOUNG man with good business education
wishes situation of any kind. E. G. GREEN,
400 Geary st. _
A TOUNG man (20) who has served 3 years at
the machinist's trade desires chance to finish
the trade. Address V. B.. 8O4B 8«y«ath »C
PACKER wishes position; references. Box
998. Call office.
MAN and wife want place; woman for gen-
eral housework; man to be generally useful
about place; understands horses; no objec-
tion to country. Apply room 9, Wilson
House. 775 Mission st.
SITUATION' wanted by man 23 years of age
in dry goods, clothing or shoe business: ex-
perienced both In house and on road; good
references: will go out of city; small salary
to start; cash bond. Box 934. Call office.
AN elderly, experienced man wishes position
as elevator runner or night watchman;
speaks English, French and German. Box
935. Call office.
FRENCHMAN. 24 years, has traveled a good
deal abroad, speaks and writes English and
Italian, wishes situation of any kind, city or
country. Box 921. Call office.
WANTED — Situation by a No. 1 all-round man
with flne horses, carriages, flowers, lawn,
house; very best of references. Box 926, Call.
ELDERLT man wants a situation a« porter.
Janitor, watchman, elevator, anything: gool
accountant, legible writer, etc. Box 967. Call.
AN experienced man wants situation as sta-
tionary engineer or fireman; best city refer-
ences. Box 971. Call.
'ELEVATOR operator, man 34. recently from
the East, desires employment In hotel or of-
fice building. Box 920. Call office.
YOUNG man. aged 23. wants work: store or
factory; state wages. Box 982. Call office.
WOULD like work as Janitor. Apply JAME3
- HARRIS. 744 Howard st.
A FIRST-CLASS Jeweler wants position la
store: city or country. Box Wll. Call office.
A FIRST-class wood turner and band sawyer
wants Job. Call 313 Minna st.
I Painter paper-hanger, slgnwrlter. wants work:
tools "furn. 1272 Folsom st. ; phone Mint 131.
YOUNO Japanese wants situation to do cook-
ing and general housework: several years'
experience; good references: $7 week up. A.
B. C. 258A O'Farrell St.; tel. James 5201.
JAPANESE couple wishes situations, wife as
plain cook, man to <io housework In the city;
or wife wishes position as waitress alone.
NAKAYAMA. 465 Jessie st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as
housework or porter: speaks English. M,
OTA. care 627 H California st. S. F.
JAPANESE boy wants a position to do house-
work. Please address, by mall only. GRET
! KAMIYA. 712 Pine »t. _^
JAPANESE waiter boy wants a position In
country- FRANK. 4B5 Jessie st. ; tel. Mint
591.
A JAPANESE boy wants a Job for cne or two
hours a day; any work. K. T.. 1210B Larkln.
CHINESE flr¥t-c!ars* cook wants place In prN
vate family. CHUNG WING. 0C2 Clay »t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
ValancU *U
ntSIXKSS CHANCES— Contlnned.
A— SI HA.NUEKS, J ATTENTION !
Are you looking tor a ta-e and profitable
bUiincts pptfnixitf in ban j-ianciscoV If so
we can ouer yuu any number, requiring an
Investment irom fcioo to $jo,oia>;. every busl-
nots opportunity lhat patues through our oi-
nce mutt Bland the closest investigation, and
\.« can :>Iace you in a store, laciory. hotel,
mill, ollice, or, in fact, any business you
may prefer. .
GKitjiANiA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A^HANK"and COMMERCIAL REFERENCES.
GERMANIA INVEST. Co.. vli Market st.
A— TEA AND COFFEE STORE.
£3.XX> will buy this store; well stocked with
tea, coltee and goods in thf.t line; good loca-
tion; doing good business; established for
j>.ft.ra; lull investigation invited.
oHiOlANIA I.NVhBi', CO., M'J.1 Market st.
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GER MANIA INVEST. CO.. 'J27 Market at.
A— PICKLING WORKS
Fcr pale; factory completely equipped for the
manuiacture ol pickles, mustard, sauerkraut,
olives, salad -oils and table condiments;
product sold in all parts of the United
States; price $7500, including stock on hand.
GKIIMANIA INVEST. CO.. 02'. Market 6t.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. l>27 Market st,
a^ the"best, investment.
100 shares *f gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co., $25; will be worth $200 by August, liiul.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st. •
A— WE CAN SELL~~YOUR "STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A — C100 REWARD
W ill be paid lor legal proof showing that !
any person ever lost a dollar who Invested
any money in or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated under the laws of California,
Capital stock, $50,000.
927 Market st.. rooms 321, 322. 323, 324.
A — ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market St.
A— HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; SO rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing room and 10 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout: finest linen and best sliver ser-
vice; 10 years" lease; $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market St.
A— WE refer to lOOrt successful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A__ A NEW THEATER.
A centleman with $0UOo cash, capable of
acting as cashier, can secure half Interest In
or.e of the best small theaters on the Paclflo
Coast: will ray him ?."iCO monthly; particu-
lars only at personal interview at office ,of
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 1)27 Market st.
~A~SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure Interest and
offif<? of treasurer in an Incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured: highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from ?2000 to $3000
can gpcure partnership in established busi-
ness In this city and take charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
A^-HARDWARE STORE
For sale; a high-class business; long estab-
ltehetl and centrally located; owner desires
to retire; will invoice about $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY.
?3(X> cash and services secure interest In es-
tablished office business paying $15 weekly;
experience not necessarv; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market St.
A^ THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest investment and most
profitable enterprise In the city. We repre-
sent two of the largest incorporated com-
panies In S. F.. and have openings for chauf-
feurs, machinists and office men who caji
Invest a small amount of cash with their
services. ' •
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
~ A GOOD OPENING ~~~
For a young man who can Invest $500 In a
high-class real estate office and.f.ll position
of cashier; experience not necessary: Invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market Bt.
A PNAP — 6-chair barber shop: cost $1500; going
East; payments; $750. Skirm.6 Eddy st.
SALOON with lease; flne location; good paying
and old established place. Box 083, Call.
RESTAURANT worth $500; receipts $28 daily;
half or whole; easy terms. Box 984, Call.
FOR sale — Bakery with large stock; good loca-
tion and reasonable rent. 715 McAllister st.'
WANTED — Good grocery and bar; price must
be reasonable. Box 979, Call office.
SALOON; old established place; no agents.
Address box f>60. Call office.
OYSTER and chop house for sale; no reason-
able offer refused. 603ft Poet st.
FOR sale — Delicatessen store; fully equipped;
good location. Box 198. Call office.
DELICATESSEN store for sale. $300; living
rooms, furnished. Box 193, Call office.
SALOON for sale cheap; piano, refrigerator;
three living rooms; must sell. 513 Howard.
WANTED — Grocery and bar. Box 174. Call
office.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inqulr* at
this office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at 100£ Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
cafe: .\oMii.
TICKET office foTaTTpoTnts In Alaska C. F.
MOORE. 027 Market St.. room 309. Next
i;t earner June 2; $75 first class.
COI.I.ECTION OrPICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr couiitry. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 5580.
CI.OTHIWG BEWOVATINQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
LODGIKG-HOUSESS FOR SALES.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance,
cor. Third and Market sts; phone Black 3607;
hotels, rooming and apartment house* for
Eale.
1. Cut out this 10-llne ad.
2. Would you like a business location T
3. Would you like a respectable house?
4. Would you like a hous? clearing
6. $175 ser month over all expenses?
6. We can ehow you such a house.
7. A house that we can recommend.
8. You need only pay $1600 down.
i>. Call and we shall show you the house.
10. MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner bldg.
SUTTER St., 23 r.; rent $75; clears $1)8 month;
all men: respectable; a bargain; $1500; well
furnished. j MARION GRIFFIN.
N1CAJI Market: 31 rooms: price $1300; clears
$100; lease: rent $110. MARION GREFF1N.
LOW rent: only J36 for 23 rooms; 3 floors;
Income $80 over rent: near Market: price'
$1500; part cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
LOOK at the price— $750— for 14 rooms, near
Eddy and Van Ness; on sunny side of street;
it's a snap. MARION GRIFFIN.
N. B. — That we can sell you a 21-room house
full of roomers (clearing $72 a month) for
$1200; lhat you need only pay a little money
down: we lend you ftie balance, payable In
Installments. MARION GRIFFIN.
SICKNESS compels sale of a 34-room house in
which t»ie profit for 1003 was $2550 over all
expenses; price $2000; nice looking bay-win-
dow house. MARION GRIFFIN.
HAVE We a h!«ch-class 100-room house? Yes,
itwo of them: one Is downtown and one near
Nob Hill; both Etrictly llrst-class; both
buildings new and modern; the business of
each will bear the closest Investigation; both
elegantly furnished. MARION GRIFFIN.
TWO SWELL 50-room houses; one full of men
roomers clearing $300: one a swell family
. hotel clearing $450. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT; EXTRA well furnished: quiet;
' 30 rooms; lease: clears $250; could be made
to clear $500; price $3500; part cash.
MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $125. .. .$4500
100 rooms; clears $350; low rent... .......$6500
SO rooms; furniture nearly new $3800
40 rooms; fine location, north of Market. $1000
46 rooms: In Oakland; new;:rent $60. ...$2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent ...'..$000
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL A.
CARROLL. 212 .Kearny st ¦ ¦
$4000— DO you want to buy the sunniest and
best arranged 45-room apartment house In the !
city? Well furnished and a money maker; i
, choice location on 2 car lines. For partlcu- I
lars address box 970, Call office.
IIOAUUIM; Klllt (.H1LOHEN._
LADY wants one or two children to board:
pleasant country home; all kinds of fruit on
the place; references! given if required. Ad-
<jtr?s hex iCS, Hay wards, Cal.
WANTED — Chili to board;* mother's care;
reasonable. •¦$'.? Harriet st. '
UCMKK» »;ha.\ci!M.
A— M5O; BARBER ehop:'3 chairs; bent location
in tne Mission: rent $To. See 1 R. G. WlLIvU,
2<i'j Kearny Et.
A $-3000 HOTEL In San Rafael; 21 rooms, bar.
parlor and dining room; a well •mtablls'hed
|.lace; gnoj furniture and a bargain. Call
R. G. WILKE, 20',^ Keamy st.
A GOOD paying salcon on Clay st. ; rent $C5: \
p!ac« le establ. for years; Investigate at
once; this lf» a rare chance; value in sight.
See It. G.i WILKE. 20> 3 Kearny et.
A— $700; RESTAURANT opposite Golden Gate
Park; rent t~'>: eood busln^K; clearing about
J15U per mentb. See Ks G. WILKE. 2<iVj
Kearny st. ' "- , j
A—^25C0; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
ku et. : low rent; good lease: tlfgant tix-
tures' and a nrst-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Keamy st.
A— $2r<0; BOTTLE beer route; well established.
S«-e R. G. WILKE. 20Vi Kearny st. ,
A— $2750; CORNER saloon on Market St.. In-
cluding 7 rooms: rent $100: return rents $80;
lease-; a first-class location and well estab-
lished place. See R. G. WILKE. 20 »» Kear-
ny st.
A— $950: CIGAR stand, with 4 years' lease;
rent $20; one of the best transfer locations
in this city: place easily clearing $100 per
month. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $2000; SOAP factory; a splendid and well-
eetablished business; also manufactory of i
washing powder; owner will allow buyer to
investigate business for 14 days. See R. 3.
WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
A — $700: SALOON with long lease in choicest
part of this city; rent $40; a good paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE. -CV, Kearny.
A— $eoo — CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; ilac- tstab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 2tfV£
Kearny st.
A— DRUGSTORE — drugbtore — drugstore; price
$4iv0; establW;ed 27 years; lease 5 years;
rent $C0; cne of the best paying stores in this
city; owntr to retire. Call K. G. WILKE,
2CVi Kearny s^
A — $000; 13UTCUEK thop on Mission St.: rent
$10; daily receiots f&5; kept by owner 5
yearr; oroDrletor to see exposition In St.
Louis cauj-e of Male. R. G. WILKE, 26ft
Kearny st. ¦
A— 1100; CORNER saloon with 7 rooms on
Bryant et.; rent 5I>0; place surrounded by
factories and warehouses; a good business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2«Va Kearny st.
A — $1000; BOARDING und rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
good furniture, lease, place paying well. Se«
R. G. WILKE. 26», Kearny st.
A — $5uO; PARTNER wanted In chophouse and
cofr«-e «aloon; o;t-n day and night; a first-
class proposition. See R. G. WILKE. 2b»4
Kearny tt. _
A — $2500; DAIRY depot and route; daily sales
GO cans; 8 horses. 4 wagons, etc.; most pri-
vate customers: buFlr.ess kept by owner 15
years; a good-paying Investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2CU Kearny st.
A— $500: BUTCHER shop: eetab. years; all
caEh trade; $40 per day; rent $20: best lo-
cation; a bargain: owner must leave. See
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Keamy et.
A— $350; branch bakery and delicatessen
ctorc with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location;
good business. See R. G. WILK1E, 2t>H
Kearny st.
A— $20C0; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Etocktcn eta.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years: flret-class business. Call H. G.
WILKE. 26ft Kearny st.
A— $900: SALOON, vicinity Taylor & Turk sts. ;
rent $50; this is a good paying and old es-
tablUbed business; a workingman's place;.
rare chance. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
$3000— GROCERY and bar. on Fourth St.. about
1 block from Market et. ; lease; good paying;
established years; sickness only cause of
tale. Call R. Q. WILKE. 2tift Kearny st.
A — $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business; store receipts about $60 per day;
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
cash or trade for property at the actual
value cf $5000. Call R. O. WILKE, 26ft
Kearny et.
A — $750; SALOON on Montgomery et. ; placa
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month: investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26ft Kearny st.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer reeort; flne
groves; iSC-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease: raise own hay, vegetables; all
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity In
this $2500: death in family cause of eale.
CAMERON & CO. .
FOR eale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; 6ft years' lease;
one of the best transfer cornera in city; do-
Ing flne business: other inter^-sts cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Camtron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale, or -will trade — « acres inside city
limits: one of best Interior cities in Califor-
nia: house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; renc
$30; clears $30 to $100 per month; price $500;
rnurt sell on account other business CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy et.
FOR eale — Carriage ar.t* wagon factory and
general JobMn*: established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools,
etc.; full investigation and trial given; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 EDDY st.
PARTY with capital to invest In largest and
well-paying poultry ranch; 26 miles from
S. F.: stock, imp. and all appliances for sain
to carry on business; privileges; long lease
given; gcod chance for Eastern party. Call
for two days. UOSft Bryant St., from 8 to 10
a. m. and 4 to 8 p. m.
FOR Bale — General merchandise store In Wash-
ington; email town In agricultural and min-
ing locality; good substantial trade; will sell
stock and lease buildings. Address for fur-
; ther particulars, box 187. Call office.
$1100 — HOTEL In northern part of State for
sale: everything In first-class running order-
good trade; live town; must sell or will take
a partner, one that can take charge of the
business. Box 3707, Call office.
AN old established good paying bakery for
eale; a flne opportunity for a practical
baker. Inquire bet. II a. m. and 1 p. m
H. G. MEHRTENS, cor. Webster st. and
Railroad ave., Alameda. /
$800 — Al MILK route, horse and wagon- only
day delivery: all retail trade; a good payer-
Etand full investigation. Apply at dairy'
Mission St.. near Ninth. "
FLORIST business; old established; fine loca-
tion: rent $35; 3 living rooms; falling health
cause of selling; a genuine bargain. Box
3480. Call office.
$18.000 — GENERAL, merchandise store In Cen-
tral Call lorn la doing a business of $40,000 per
year. Address for full particulars, princi-
pals only, box 144. Call office.
FOR eale — Cigar stand; nice stock, register;
before June 1; no agent: price $300. Apply
1103 Dupont St.. corner Pacific.
OLD established bakery for sale, or will ex-
change for country property; good place for
2 men. Box 923, Call office.
S5S WILL buy out '2 furnished rooms; good lo-
cation for business; including barber chair
and washing machine. 00 Harriet st.
$350 — PARTNERSHIP established business;
good chance for steady man. Pacific Busi-
ness Association. 1148 Market St.
DAIRY for sale; well slocked; horses, wagons,
cows, etc.; with an 85-ga)lon milk route.
Address box 181. Call office.
FOR sale — Store fixtures, with or without
stock; flne living rooms. 108 Turk st.; phone
Howard 3456. ' ' , .
HOTEL and dining-room in the growing" town
of Point Richmond for sale; flne trade. Eox
3071. Call office.
NOTION, ttatlonery and cigar store for sale
in country town tn California. Address box
156. Call office. ;
$KK>— SMITH'S candy kitchen and factory,
best-paying retail candy business south of
Market eu F. A. SMITH, 241 Eighth st.
¦ PI RITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. . WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
MRS. CONNOLL. 148 Sixth St.. holds a raeet-
lng to-night. 10c; also Wednesdays. 2 p. m.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy St.; phone Scott 887.
CL.AIRVOYAJtT«r
THE FUTURE- REVEALED. THE PAST
DISCLOSED.
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarion's treatise that Is
so electrifying- the world to-day. He Is no
imitator. His work Is upon original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. He tells you what
you desire to know and works in the -open
light.
He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading Is not a life reading. "When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test is
of little value; when the mind Is troubled you
need more substantial aid and advice. This
Is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE gives
you when you call on him for a nrst-class
cliirvoyant reading.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know. •
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in . your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you. find the .cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Permanently located 428 Eddy st.; 3 sepa-
rate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours. 10 a. tn. to H p. m.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $1.*'
Ills famous $5 readings this week for
fl $1. fl $1 $1 n $1 $1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE./
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever, in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you if
husband, wife or lover Is true or false; who and
vhen you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "in fact." I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable: his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he lm-
fh OVe^. X. our chara cter so that you will reach
tne highest posulble development In mental
vigor health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures; gives you success
in lire; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
- 10 a. m.« to 8 p. ¦ m. — Closed Sunday.
320 O'Farrell St. — 326.
"ME. M. BERNARD, ~ THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if. you are In trouble,
discontented - or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
BUlt this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c. up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 4560.
MME.PORTERl celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; I.
I 6Oc, g. by cards - $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
Bit., $1 50. 312. Mason st., near Geary.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted fclair. &palm.':
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic j
troubles, - bus. and financial success; names;
1., 50c; ar., -$1,714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will. tell you exactly
- what you called for without asking a ques-
tion:, names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8 ;
MBS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and bus. medium, read, daily $1; develop-
- Ing class Thursday, 8. p. m. 612 Eddy st.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmist. clairvoyant, card
reader;when others fall try me;good reading*
25c. "721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave. Tel. Larkin 4207.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
, names given; 25c up. 835 Howard, bcMjh&Sth.
JOH2T D. SPBECZZ^S.^Proprietor^
fCttts QiBgnttflBi'n JDHi tgADGHT. itaaagr
XrJt.\ MABTPtf : :*v» iBusine— i Manager
TEX DOLLAKS REiVAlUK ;
Notify The- Call Oflicc if You Miss
Your Paper.
If for apy cause TEE CALL Is not d>- ,
Ilrcred re<ralarly to subscribers Ple** e
call up "CALL EXCHANGE" and noti T
SabEcrirtica Clerk in charge. Your com-
plaint ¦will receive prompt^ttention.
A standtusr reward of Ten Dollars
f £10.03) is oCcred for the arrest and
ecaricticn cf any one cauffbt stealing
•x-aiJ CALL.
TKLUPHONE.
AtV for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
uect Tou With the Department You W ish.
Publicatien Orflce Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson si.
Delivered hy Carriers. 20 Ct». Per Week. 75
Cu. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cta.
Terms by Mail. Including Pott*8e (.Cash wita j
Order) : , 1-^
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 ye" $ f'J5
DAILT CALL <lnclud. Sunday). « mos ?;»"
DAILY CALL— By Single Mor.th '?£
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2 -£°
WEEKLY CALL 1 Year 1TO
C Da'lv IS SO Per Tear Extra
rOREICN J g " n 'i a V. 4 15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. ?VeVkiy. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORl^tl)
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies Will be tcrwarded when r»-
ijuested.
Mail rub5cnber» in ordering chang*of ad-
trete thouid b«- particular to give bcTh M^v
AND OLD ADUKE5S in crdtr to Insure a
premft fcnd currect compliance with theu: re-
sjmsc
OAKLAND OFFICE:
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE: __
ll«S Center tireet Telephone North «<
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AM LKL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YOP.K NEWS STANDS:
•n-aidori-Astcria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Ci.icn Squarr; Murray H'.K Hotel; Flfth-ave-
CUc Hotel and li^it:nan Houte.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
tfcerrrar, Bouse: 1'. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Treiucni House; Auditorium
I' .<.. Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS-.Marquette Building
<Lcng Dittauee Telephone. -'Central 2C19.">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune" Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO.N Herald Square
BTFTKEPS OFFICE of tbe San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third street*; open
cr.til 12 ovir.ck pvpry rleht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market »trt*t, otpociie Fifth; open antll
11 d. m.
tT7 klrctpomery «tre«t. corner Clay; open
urtil 0:30 p. m.
f.-xt Haye t street; op*n until 9:30 p. ra.
ti-J3 McAllister street; open until !»:30 p. m.
t.15 La; kin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
3 Ml M if* ion street; open until 10 p. m.
SCCl Market itreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until a p. re.
JOS Eleventh street: cren until 3 p. ra.
JC?t> Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast rorr.er Church and Duncan streets;
<V*n until 9 r>. ra.
Ncrthwett corner of Twenty-second and Kea-
tucky rtreet*; epen until 9 p. m.
S200 FUlmorc street; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemtilatlnsr a
ehanire of residence during- the sxuniner
month.* can nave tnelr t>aper forwarded
ty mail to their new addrecs by notify-
ing: TEE CALL Business OSlce. This
vapcr will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
nr-eat in all towns on the coast.
micLti.vo notices.
THEATER party of Islam T<?m- cvjl -_^<»-^
Tie. Mystic Shrine. THIS I?^?S^^
EVENING at Alhambra 7" ii £f
YK. ater. Masons and thfir VmV*
families invited. Tickets 75 /o^3^\
cents, obtainable at Sherman [if^ VI
in Clay's, corner Sutter and U( JJ
Kearny rts.. or at the box J*
office. J. W. ANDERSON, Recorder.
PAST Masters' Association of Calif or- II
n:a, P. and A. M.. — Regular monthly f\
n.c«-tinsr THIS [SATURDAY) EVEN- /£&
ING at f> o'clock. By order of the <-oJi
Pr^Eident. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5 R. A. M.. «
will meet THIS DAY, May 1>S. at 2
p. m., and also at 7:30 p. m. M. M. /NrS
Decree. By order of the H. P
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
EXCELF1OR Deere* Lodge No. «jgn«-
'-' I. 0 O F. — Rfgular m-i»*!rg --SJitEJ-SJ' 5 --
T m« "=ATTI>DAY> EVENING.
Third decree.
WM. B. CJTRTIS. D. M.
TEMPLAR Rebc-kah Lodge No. -mxw
'•' - '¦'¦¦ 'I'-- 1 for ncble prand_-S*Q|fifc£fk
I>ost;- : • on . ¦ unt i ! death of ;^G»>M
Bister MAGGIE HOVHY. Item- '¦^mPS*'
hen will a««-mblp al 1 :.!0 p. m.. SUNDAY,
May 1's. in Memorial HalL By order
GRACE BAIRD. N. G.
CORA GABLE. Recording Secretary.
GECRGE~iiT~THOMAS PoFtTG. A R J(TT7
will attend Grace M. E. Church, cor- £££/
¦•¦ Twenty-nrei and Capp pts., SITN- aK.
DAY EVENING. May ?j, 1U04. • The com-
rades will aj^omble in the basement of the
i hurrh at 7 :'-i0 p. m. sharp and march into
the church in a body. All visiting comrades
are invited to join us.
F. L. TITRPIN. Commander.
THE Caledonian Club will hold Us v >,
thirty-eiphth annual gathering and 3S, TaSj
cames at Sh*!l Mound Park MON- >ViM
DAY. May 30. 1W04. Renowned
. athletes of the Pacific Coast, from the East,
also from Australia, will compete. Over
S3U00 will be distributed In prizes. In ad-
dition a gold medal valued at $250 will te
awarded to the beet player on the bagpipes
cf Scottish rational airs. Highland dancing
«>n platform by lads and lassies in eostumr.
Programmes describing over forty events
will be distributed In the city; also across
the bay; get on*. Full bands for the pa-
vilions; dancing in the pavilions until 8 p.
rn. Visitors will be accorded a genuine
Highland welcome. Buy round trip tickets
for Sheil Mound Park. Admission to grounds
—AdulU. 50c; children 25c.
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
J H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
A 'WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
- 16 pac-y. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ATTORXEV S- Al -LAlvT
A PRIVATE, cuick divorce for email fee.
Se*. sie and *ave money; no Day In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
i:nab!irhed 22 yr».; rmu. I. 2, 3, 4 & 5. 1st fl..
1122 Market st.. between Mason and Taylor
Advice free all matters. Defectives cm ployed.
R WT. KIXG. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldr"
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established "i
years; all cas*s. general court and office prac-
tice; no fe<? in advance or for consultatlon-
c-vcnlinjg by appointment, Tel. Red 3C01. '
ADVICE free: divorce co«ts 512; no fees or
certs in advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. Sia Market «t-. r. 31.
gZVOBCB--Gom, fHtTTuick. quiet; advl^
free; all law business, no charge un>'s fuc-
rri-yful; open evening*. U27 Market, room 301.
DIVORCE law a rpe^lc'.sy; no publicity* advic«
Trr: certs tI2 Afl. B.A.S.. P.O. box 21iK>. 8. F.
L. S. CLARK. fC7 Market «rt.; consultation
fr^e; n-. !><¦» in advance: open evening*.
AUT0M0BH.ES. ~
SNAP— "Dp Dion." two-reated gasoline run-
# about: porfrct shape; J450. R H FEAnv
C75 Thlny-glxth *t.. Oakland. , ' r - A "^«
FOR sale — An automobile; muft b« fold be"
__f ore^.Saturday. May 28. Box 1000, Call.
WANTED — To buy an automobile in good run-
ning order; etate make, etc Box 876, Call.
A IlA41I5Li:R automobile for eale. Addretk
box f!7C6, Call office.
At'TOMORlLE. wanted; Stanhope preferred.
Hoi Call offle-e/
AOOPTZOZT.
M ¦opTK.N— Bright j?itl "oTl'l years; no~chiT-
i\r*n: mother dead. Box 027. Call office.
ASTHMA JEMEDT.
A' XX •"•¦ .'--> '» Aflthma Remedy relieves lnstant-
- it. lo.. 2L':, ovc ic&> Market, St. Nicholas.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE Cobu
A CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050^
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
180 rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; flne lease; paying $500 to $600 per month ;
close In; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent: first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
-126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long leaee; clears $400 to $500 per
month, one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms; beautiful corner;NJ and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
In city; call for terms and particulars.
8 rooms; flne upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying . $150 down, balance time;
$450.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; flne entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5_year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
21 roome; corner; rent only $85; onk fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
50 rooms; new, modern apartment house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central ;.>nrst-class proposition.
28 roome; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing flne business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
32 rootss; cheap lent; 2 years' lease; flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everythlng.lt:
flrst-clasa condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
138 rooms; downtown commercial hotel; 8
years' lease; cheap rent: '.elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities - to secure first-
claes hotel; owner has other business; par*
cash; balance time.
63 rooms; best downtown transient hou«e In
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; flne little apart-
ment house;. sickness; must sell; enap; $000.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished-
clearing $500 to $600 per month: must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
. 75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In -
clears $400 p<!r month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure. ¦
24 rooms; Tint $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition-
good lease, . '
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance-
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $600
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
126 rooms; flne downtown corner house' nrt
vate baths; beautiful furniture; < 2 entrances-
takes In $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
108 rooms: cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished. 'up-to-date.; rooming-house; has flne
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired; rare
chance- for -right- parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house: other business
interests demand Immediate - departure. "
Large list of real estate, rooming. houses and
business, ; for exchange or trade, always - on
hand.
.-¦>¦• A. CAMERON & . CO.. 3 Eddy st. '
50 ROOMS; ; sunny ¦ corner house; all .outside
bay-window rooms; east, south and west ex-
posures; with lease; rare opportunity; inves-
tigate. Box 3481, Call office. / - '
CLA1RVOYAXT8 Continued.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26»4 Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; genta BOc
MISS "WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, data
ard facts: readings dally. 917 Market et.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moyed from 132 to 23^ 6th; 1. 25c. g. 60c
MME. MASEAU. card reader: 1. 25c. g. 80c;
Wednesday only. 1. 10c. g. 25c. 120 6th at. ,
SPIRITUAL healer; successfully treats all dia-
eases: 2 treatments. 93S Golden Gate ave.
ISMAR, the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, la now at 317 Ellis »t.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, sit-
tings dally. 443% Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
i CARPCT_ BEATIXQ A!fD CLEAXIXG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal; carpets and rugs are
also cleaned by compressed air at shop;
prices moderate. S. F. Compressed Air
Cleaning Co., SOS Market St.; phones Main
152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 355-357 -Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.. clean-
ing & laying don* reasonably. TeL Mission 74.
"WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Harl
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
33."t Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Ho ward; tel. South 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
> tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 170.1 Harrison st.; tel.Mission 263.
— .— — — —^^.— —^ mmmm^^ m^ mmmm
COTTAGES FOtt SALE.
$4000 — FOR sale — A cottage, 6 rooms and bath.
1020 Capp St.: call from 9 a. m. to 2 p. m.
'cures buj^tuke.
HUNTER^S Positive Rupture Holder. ?10; no
discomfort. 120C Market st. ; send for circular.
DENTISTS. ~~
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. «:{ 50; fillings. 50c:
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Elev«nth
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
FREE examination with chart lit th« new
York Dentists, 9tiO Mission St.. SE. cor. 6th.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, ?'_• up;fllllngs,25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4,lst
floor. Plielan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c: crowns. $2; no I
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
|JKh>> »I.\KKK» AM» Mi.V.HM'Kr.^r.j
ACCORDION, sunburst and knife-plaiting,
Stewart's button and buttonhole factory, lit)
Taylor «t.; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Pattern* cut to measure: eve. clasa. 1019 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking: shirt waists a
specialty; 75c up. '.">t McAllister; phone 21211.
LESSONS In dressmaking Sats. or evgs. by ap-
. pointment-MISS CAMPBELL.650 Clay st..r.ll
*~ EDCCATIOXAL,
AT home In our new quarters, the largest. b*«t
lighted 'and most delightful place of business
etudy In the entire West. New. complete.
. extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring
Instruction • 75- page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1101-
923 Golden Gate ave.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE.' 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A— CH IC AGO~BUSIN ESSCOLLEGEr 1435*Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
tup xy/amt rni i inns nr thf cm \ s^^^^^^ion 5 tqck ° z
y~* t~^ c in Y~* T3 T-* P-*
Urt rr H K I I
m,1 IVLL* c. • ••¦! L>> "
USEFUL IN THE SICK/CHAMBER AND A! VERY HANDY OUTING j UTENSIL. „
This unexcelled premium will/be given to all classified advertisers in next Sundays edition, uxxi-x
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISERS ARE ENTITLED TO PREMIUM S.
*V " ¦¦!... i —'¦ • ¦-* nun-TT-i — r- — * -. I < n ¦— I ¦
£,-:¦> .¦¦.¦¦'^.f *:-.;.¦¦¦?•¦.¦¦ ...;.; ¦'¦¦¦¦¦¦" .•¦-w'tegJ'iJvetfOJt :; ¦ - 1 ' ¦ ¦"¦ ¦ '¦ ' ¦' ' ' ¦"' ' ¦¦ *¦' ¦¦¦¦¦*••¦¦¦ % < * ' ' "¦ ¦ '' " : ''' ' ' '¦ '• "' : ' " ' ""¦¦ ¦¦"¦¦¦¦*¦¦ ¦¦.,../ ¦ ¦ .¦¦¦¦¦. ¦¦ ¦ -¦ •-
t. .":¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ . ¦¦¦ ¦. ;:¦ ¦¦ ¦.'¦;:¦¦ .¦¦¦:. :¦¦ ** * v> "-¦¦**¦*¦¦.¦¦¦¦»¦¦¦** *¦*.,«.— .-<^ ' _ . .... ¦:..:;¦ :¦ ¦ ,.¦¦¦*..- .¦..¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ -¦ ¦.. . . . ... . , -- : , .¦-•¦. .. - ' ... "¦ ' *" ' .. * .¦ \ . . " • , ; -; 1
' ALCOHOL STOVE.
Will heat water, milk, etc., etc.," etc., in a marvelously short time.
A high grade lamp made with a he#vy glass bowl, bound in extra heavy bands of block tin, with strong
metal stand and handle in one piece. It has a solid brass burner and special wick regulator which makes reg-
ulation of size of flame easy.
This timely eift is sure to be appreciated.
BRING YOUR SUNDAY ADS THURSDAY, FRIL ' Y OR SATURDAY AND RECEIVE PREMIUM.
Premiums can br~ obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets: \
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
I 1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
/ * 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until '9:J# p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:80 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:90 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2201 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. ra.
II _,__ l0« Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. in.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; epen until 9 p. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second «nd Kentucky streets; open until 9 f. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
I11S Broadway Telephone Main 1911
EERKELET OFFICE:
2148 Center Street ...i.. Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE: - "
Schneider's Book Store Park Street 9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLUS ATURD AY; MAY '/28/. 1904.
13
MEDICAL Con tinned.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises. Is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth st., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st.. corner 1
20th: ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES' Irregularities cured;. 18 years' ex.;
private. Dr. SYLVESTER. 210 Kearny *t.
YOU can cbtaln relief; women only. DR. R.
II. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.l
MUTES AITP MIKIHO.
A GILT edge chance for mining investment: a
limited number of shares of the Osceola Min-
ing and Developing Company (Incorporated)
will be sold at 25 cent }er share; this stock
will go to par ($1 per share) within one year.
For full Information, call or write Osceola
Mining and Developing Company. 414 Cross-
ley building, San Francisco. Cal.
FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale, cheap — Bar fixtures, consisting of
sideboard with complete fittings; especially
• suitable for club or hotel use; solid oak, old :
English finish; also one National cash reg-
ister, nearly new. Apply to A. L. FOSTER,
2gl Geary st.
STANDARD oil rig. fully equipped, and 1500
feet of casing, 11% In. to 7% In.; also 1500
' feet of 8 and 0 inch drive pipe. Apply for
particulars GAFFEY i MAHON. 606 Cali-
fornia st.
does'your roof leak? -¦—¦———
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron tl:i or shingle*: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market Et.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged ; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
FOR $700 will sell patent right In Eureka (Per-
fection) steam cocker for entire Statp of
Florida. Address O. T., P. O. box 178, Berke-
ley. Cal. ¦ ¦
SECOND-HAND sealskin*, old gold and dia-
monds bought; highest prices paid; send
postal; will call. New Municipal Loan Office,
017 Wayhlnston st.
A— FINE suits, $7 50; dress paints ?2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny et..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
g etc. WHITELAW. Spear st.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
sutts to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton et. : :
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton Et. '¦.; A
J. COOPER, pent«' full-dress iaWP"*jBj*y rlors.
moved from Palace Hotel to sWffockton st..
upstaire. •
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to Btop all leaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tal Main 1428.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats, Jl 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st.. near
. Pine; open to 9 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY cur men's shoes at $1 and $1 50. pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FOR sale — Fresh milch cow. Apply 4547
Eighteenth st.
FOR sale — Elegant 60-llght bath cabinet; rea-
sonable. Electric Works, 227 Ellis st.
FOR sale — Great Dane pups,' 4 months. 640
Stanyan st.
TENTS for rent or sale! ROSS McMAHON
TENT H AWNING CO.. 35 Mkt.Tel.Bush 858.
PIGEONS^— All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vols. KING'S. 61 McAllister St., nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency,. Peter Baclgalupi,
moved to 78C Mission Bt.
SECOND-HAND safes. $55; 60-lnch desk. $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. S16 Market st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN, 803 Hay ward bldg.
SAFES and ra»h registers, new and second-
han.l. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-band gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard & Breek. 131 Post st.
EAFKS — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE eujrlnm, auto"--blles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4C Fremont st.
•MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — To purchase launch (new or sec-
ond-hand) about 18 ft.: must be bargain for
cash. Address, with full particulars, L. L.
QUINN. Stockton. Cal.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full 'dress suits, etc.; send
postal " card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 2J
Stockton tt. ,
MORRIS gives hlfhest prices for ladles' and
gents" castoft clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoft clothing. Tel.
Davis 825; C50 Sacramento st. '
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 782 Mission; phone Bush 487.
SHOES wanted: misfit & castoff: highest pro.:
n>w Xr ?rt-h»in«1 >hr>« for >»'>¦ 740 Ml«^<'-n.
"money to loan.
AAA— HERMANtMUHFHY."*! " "
001-602-003 Examiner building.
Quick cettlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
' terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
- - When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 5H AND « PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY. OAKLAND.
TOWN and COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided Interests in real estate, property in
trust: loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
CROCKER BUILDING, .
POST AND MARKET STS.
' WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Jst, 2d or 3rd
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 40S. Call office.
LOWEST BANK RATE.
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates In probate, undivided Interest In
estates, assignment? of rents,' etc., at lowest
rate of Interest. •
RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery «t.
SALARY LOANS— . .
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture "or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.:
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 08 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances .on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S46 Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch. 10 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 481.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; «a«sy payment*; large business In
'40 principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and_Trust Co.", 21 Stockton
st, (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month; !
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
AT .loWeet rates bn furniture and piano*; strict
privacy; no commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI.. 801 Eddy. Conservatory building.
l.PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up;. quick,
quiet.- confidential. 20 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S.'T". CMlateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building, 70S Market st.
FOR ANY NEED AS THE LARGEST |_| V V /£ \ /T\r)\ FTV AF M PD/^I-I 7TK1 F\\ QP
DEPARTMENT STORES liAVt VMkIL I Y Ul I " ' I LK^HHlN ULjL
MO!*EY TO LOAN — Continued.
MONEY to loan on low .interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'8. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, 1103 V4 Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy methods — To wage earners ort unln-
dcrsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity I^oan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgage*),
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 2J Stockton st.
l'/i per cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING, 616 Hearst_bld.._Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL, COO Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.^
ALL UPRIGHTS:
Neubert, new $250. now $G0.
Fischer, new $325, now $85.
Hertz, new $300, now $07.
Russell, new $385, now $135.
Colby new $425, now §180.
2 Chlckerings, new $450, now $100, $135.
2 Steinways, new $575, $7o0; now $183, $325.
Heine, new $375 now $333.
and 50 others. Several squares at bargain
prices. Call and oxamine them. Rents $2 up.
Installments $4 up. Old pianos or organs taken
in exchange. Tuning $2, finest workmanship.
HEINE PIANO CO.,
235-237 Geary st. Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
A NICE small upright; good order $40
One a llttla better, for practice $50
One Kranleh & Bach, condltl'-n fine $100
One Belmont; mahogany case; a snap... $147
One Little Jewel; used thres months. $150
One Sterling:: walnut case; good order.. $155
One Mathushek; fine order; rosewood. .$ltS5
Also one Chickerlng. 2 Vose, 2 Steinways, 2
Stecks, 1 Knabe; all in first-class condition;
easy pay's. BenJ. Curtaz & Bon, 16 O'Farrell.
A SENSATIONAL fire — Storace pianos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and burned If not sold In a few days; this
means storage pianos and furniture almost
cheaper than fire wood, and muat be re-
moved. Whitehead's Storage, 1C30 Market.
¦ ¦
1 PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and be*t stock In San Francisco to select
from; pianos from ?30 upward; our line the
best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5BO-64 Hayes st.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos.
$2.1 ; uprights, $100 up; organs. $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post *t. -
WILL sell for storage, fine Hazelton and Vose
pianos. STATHAM'S, 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post St.
A BEAUTIFUL Steinway upright grand, aa
good as new; cheap. Hornung, 21B McAllister.
$105— STEINWAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos pold on $5 monthly pay-
. ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister et.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger. little cued. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST Rnd best In America— The Weekly
Call. lt> pages, sent to any address in th-;
United States or Canada one year tor $L
PERSOXAIA^
A LONG STORY MADE SHORT— A wrinkled
face porltlvely restored to Us former contour;
Ftmpie, harmless, scientific method shown on
the livin? face; permanency guaranteed. Call
or write for book, "Hints on Beauty," free.
M. ELLA HARRIS. 781 O'Farrell st.
A NEW METHOD— Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method: magnetic
massage by appointed graduate ' ' school;
strictly confidential. MRS. H<* )L'SER,
637 Bush St., apt. 309; phone Fri.;,. o^
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching ecalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists'. hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., IS?-* 1'clk
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure bloort (arfectlng
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
SCALP treatment given by a iady to produce
growth of hair; hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
and evenings; best *l reference*. Hotel
Atlanta. 452 Ellis *t. , ¦
"VITAL ring" produces tealthy circulation,
! curing organic weakness drains, varicocele.
etc.; easily worn: %'Z 60 postpaid: physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary.S.F.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst baM head. Call or write. DR.
G. S. MOORE. £52 O'Farrell et.
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS, 1127 Market st.
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ASK your druggist for the Marquis Hair Tonic;
it is the best.
SUPERFLUOUS hair *: moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 fC.
Misfit Clothing Parlnr, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week»
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catanh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 2X3 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTF.IN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Eifyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1. at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The>SVeekly Call,
16 pages, !n wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
A MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 400 Geary St.; phone Green 39.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 315
Taylor St., near Geary. Phone Black Opl.
¦y PATEWTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg.. 832 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND St/RUEO**.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021% Market st., bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
*DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor:
treats all dlsecses of tbe human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated nt C67 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. suewssor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs Rnd t*as. 727 Washington 'st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 748-S Clay st.
. STORAGE AND WAREHOUSE*.
A — GILBERT & ETOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel.South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard, ct.. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 57L
CONKLIN'B Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone Enst 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.: tel. Howard 941. F. V/. Zehfuss.
! PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FUlmore St.; phone Jackson 281.'
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shlpp'.ng at cut rate*.
6K1VI.VG MACHINES A.\I> SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family uae; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Dome*-*
'tic office.. 1021, Market st.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed mt-
- chines: slightly, used; $10. $15, $20: eecend-
' hand, $3. $5, $8; all styles; guaranteed. ' New
. Home Sfwing Machine Co. 1051 Market st.
8pEC1AL| g TS — ~ ™~
CATARRH/ DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
- positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free: Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutt— st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. I
Smith Premier, $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The.
Typewriting Exchange. 636 California st. -•
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
' gomery st. . ' ¦'
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.'
Webster Typewriter Inspeo. Co.. 608 Market.
RE.X I. ESTATE— CIT V~-FOR 8 AXE.
THOMASMAGEE & SONS, "
REAL. ESTATE AGENTS.
*• 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
MISSION ST. BUT.
:¦„-: $30,000.
35 feet front. Rents 1159 a month.
HOWARD ST. PURCHASE.
$32,300.
SO feet front. Fine ilte.
POLK ST. CORNER.
118,000,
40 fe«t front. ' - An ln-town buy.
/: './". PACIFIC AVE. LOT.
25 feet front. " Fine neighborhood.
. 9
PACIFIC AVE. CORNER.
$50,000.
60 feet front. • • Excellent slt«.
CFARRELL ST. FLATS.
913,000.
Rents $S5. Right In town.
O'FARRELL ST. BUY.
130.000.
Close to Taylor. Will pay well.
POLK ST. LOT.
$7000.
50 feet front. Cheap bay.
STOCKTON ST. BUY.
127.500.
Half a 50-vara. Excellent building site.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$1 25 PER weak; no Interest; lots In th» Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no jrrad-
ir.z to do: ready to fculld your llttl* home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., room 5.
$12,000— NOT yet completed; rents $1320 per
year; 3 marine-view flats; N. line Green st..
1S64-66-68 Green St.. E. Laguna; every room
Is and win be sunny; even* possible latest
Improvement. Apply at the premises from
2 to 5; lot 25x137:6.
FREE homestead presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. See
J. E. GORDON. C2S Crossley bids.. 2:20 to &
p. m. daily;
SNAP — Co2y sunny cottage, 5 rcoms, bath anj
laundry; latest Improvements: north side
O"Farrell »U; $40OO only. Inquire 1303 D<s-
vlsadero, between 10 and 12 a. m.
COTTAGE, cheap for cash; 5 rooms and bath,
etc.; cor. lot. 50x100. 417 Randolph »t..
Ocean View, or phone Capp 1869.
BUILD your unimproved realty: we loan full
cost lmprov. and part lot at 6%. MANHAt-
TA.V SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
$lS)00 — COTTAGE. 4 rooms; lot 50x110; on Har-
rison st. ; a snap. Mission Realty Co., 2 29th.
FOR sale — Good 5 room house; lot 23x100;
imps.; price $1300. Owner, box 9S9. Call.
FINE cor., 75x80. nr. Market St.: 6 blocks
west City Hall. Room 217 Parrott building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH it MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard St.
RRAI. ESTATE. — Conntry — For Sal*.
6227 ACRES. Merced River. Merced County.
Cal.. appraised by court at $71,000. assessed
by County Assessor «t $40 000. offered for
$5O.00O; 1 to 4 years' time, «J per cent; 000
ncree level grain, fruit and alfalfa land; 4327
acres rolling, grazing and grain land; Mer-
ced River passes through land; 900 acres can
be Irrigated, water free; no royalties; Im-
provements good; school one mile, church
and town three miles; on direct road to Yo-
cemite; must be sold to close estate; a bar-
gain; the profits from these lands made the
former owner rich; fine rains, everything
green and growing now. See maps and .pho-
tos at Punnett Bros.. San Francinco. Address
J. W. KNOX. Attorney-at-Law, Merced. Cal.
GREAT bargain — Rich, irrigated farms: big
canal: free water right; very cheap; easy
terms: homeseeker's opportunity. C M
WOOSTER CO., 048 Market st.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 843
Market st.
SOUTHERN Oregon Irrigated lands, dairy
farms, stock ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land, mines. . S. C. TRATNER. 504 Kearny.
ESTATE.
FOR sale — Beautiful home In San Mateo; house
8 rooms and bath: large grounds; lot 100x180;
stable and outhouses; on car line; in center
of San Mateo. D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mis-
sion st.
POI.VT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
FOUR choice lots cheap for cash. Apply 328
Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
A SACRIFICE — For sale — House of- 5 rooms:
well built for owner to live in; lot 37:t5x
137:0; cost about $3500; will be sold for
$2000: terms to suit; a bargain. See J. F.
CROSETT. 334 Sutter «t.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATB.
$2900— A ERY pretty cottage of « rooms; lot
50x135; on the sunny side of street and near
the station.
$6500 — Do you want a first-class Investment
paying 0 per cent? .
I have for sale a warehouse built of stone
and brick; fitted with compartments- and ele-
vator; in an improving neighborhood; leased
for 5 years; a good Investment.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
SE. cor. £hattuck ave and Center st.
BEBXSLEY rUBOTSHED^riATsT"
TO LET — Furnished (or furniture can be
bought at a bargain) cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; the latest improvements: -rent very
reasonable; fine neighborhood. For full par-
ticulars apply at 1320 Stockton st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$U0O WILL secure a choice of any one of four
lots,. BCxlOO each: all are located within 3
minutes' walk of the 40th-street "Key" route.
Ferry R. It. system, monthly round-trip fare
only $-1; must be sold at once. Address box
- HStf Call office, Oakland.'
NEW "-room furnished house; 5 minutes' walk
from Key route depot. Apply 831 Thlrty-
flftb rt.. Oakland.
OAICLAM) FURNISHED HOUSES.
MAGNOLIA, near Tenth — Two elegant, sunny
flats; reasonable rent. Key 040 Magnolia st.
OAKLAM> KLBMTIKB KHR S U.K.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. . H. Schellhaas.llth st.,cor.store,Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisemts.
ROOM"* FOR llorSEKKRPWO.
BRYANT. 518 — i sunny, unfurnished rooms;
large yard; rent $10. x
CHU RCH. 1531. near Twenty-seventh— Fine
tunny 4 rooms, bath and traya; near 2 cars;
healthy location; partly furnished, If neces-
sary.
ELEVENTH. 1C&— Two large sunny front bay-
window and connecting rooms; gaa stove.
ELLIS. 11CS — Sunny alcove suite for house-
keeping; bath, phone", laundry, etc.; -sunny
bedroom suite for 2 or more gentlemen; reas.
ELLIS. 1233 — 2 rooms and use of kitchen; well
furnished and sunny.
FOLSOM, 830— Furnished; 2 housekeeping
rooms, $9 per month; also single, $1 per
. week; sunny.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 633 — 1 large front room
for housekeeping; also one. ?S, ditto.
HAWTHORNE. 18. oft Howard, near Third—
2 large sunny rooms; yard, running water;
$2 50 Der week.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING Con.
HOWARD. 529 — 2 larse sunny rooms fcr
housekeeping, with sink and runnins water;
suitable for roan and wife. ¦¦
JESSIE 323 — Largo sunny room, furnished
housekpff.; sink; $3 week; other rooms cheap.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished S-room suites; steana heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rata $30 qp.
LARKIN 32C, corner Gc'lden Gate ave.— Tur-
nlshtid sunny; central: bath, closets; phone;
running water: reasonable^
LARKIN. 817% — Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed; gas stove; reasonable.
MARKET. 1032 — Two housekeeping rooms; gas
and coal stove, and other rooms.
MISSION, 1343 — 2 sunny connecting back
rooms, closet, coal stove, sink; $10 month.
MISSION, 2133 — 4 large, sunny, connecting
rooms, furnished for housekeeping.
NINTH, 155—2 large sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas range; no other roomers.
OAK. 10—2 rooms, complete for housekeeping;
use of riar.o.
OAK, 117. and 5.".S McAlllster^ — Rooms compl*"*
for housekeeping. $5 to $15; g<ts range; hot
bath ; adults.
OAK, 900. corner Pierce — .1 sunny, lovely house-
kjeping roorrs; all conveniences.
O'FARRELL. 770, bet Hyde and Larkin— 2
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; $10.
POLK, 634. cor. Eddy— Housekeeping room3
and others: use of kitchen if desired; reas.
FOLK. 1402 — Sunny housekeepins; rooms; gas
and bath free; reasonable.
STAFFORD, 222 Powell — Furnished rooms for
housekeeping or otherwise; telephone, bath.
¦ TAYLOR, SIS — Two front rooms fully equipped
for housekeeping; private family: $1 1^> per
week. '
TEHAMA, 47S, near Sixth — •*? sunny, furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping; $12; no
children.
VALENCIA, 822—2 sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; gas, electric light, running water.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received ac
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church <t».
A BRANCH office of The Call for th« reception
of advertisements and subscriptions ha* been
opened at 1003 Market ct.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
APiBTarnT aoTJSsa.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS!
I0S4 SUTTER ST., NB. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; l'-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 60 to $40.
Make reservations now. '
6T.CECILE. 113 Fell,abov» Van Ness ave.— Th»
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments. with private baths,
steam heat, electric llsht. elevator, xau ranges;
$50. $35. $37. $40. $45. $47 gO. $30. $55.
BT. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3^4-3
rooms; furn. or unfurn.; refs. Tel. Eaat 1^50.
: APASTMEWTS WAITrEO.
4-ROOM apartment wanted, furnished com-
plete for housekeepins. Address box 1&>.
Call office.
WANTED — An apartment of 3 furnished rooms
for housekeeping. Box 153. Call office.
HOOMS TO LKT— Furn. and L'nf«rn.
A^BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth »t.— Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.>— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1*0 night;
$1 60 to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETT. U26 Market (old No. 13"H)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 502 — Newly furnished rooms; suite or
single; with or without board: reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 120— Avandell ; furnished rooms; good
location; reasonable; week or month. A.
MARTY.
FOLSOM, 813—2 neatly furnished front rooms;
double and slnzle.
FOURTEENTH. 84. nr. Folsom — Sunny fur-
nished front room; bath: reasonable.
FURNISHED rooms to Tet by the day. week or
month. Apply T£i Folscm st.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 33o
tt. $1 25 night: $1 60 to $t> wk. : reading-room.
HARRISON. 784^. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1
week up- ' '
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 743 Ellis— Elesantly fur-
p.'shed suites and sins!* rooms.
JESSIE, 3C3, east U. S. Mint— Furnished room;
$U per month.
LEAVENWORTH. 720 (near Sutter) — Large
sunny front room: running water, closet.
PAGE. 20 — Two neat rooms for working glrl»
or 2 gentlemen: $5 and $C; bath.
POST. 889. near Hyde — Large furnished front
room; bath: gas: for 1 or 2 gents. (
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smcking-room and ladies' par-
Jor- rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $?• month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; batha.
SIXTH. IIS — Saratoga: furnished room*, singla
or en suite; reasonable^
SIXTH, 132 (Nevada)— Furnished rooms; day.
week or month: call and see us.
SIXTH 136 — Furnished rooms; location cen-
tral; 'charges reasonable: cars pass door.
SOUTH PARK, ».*»— Sunny front bedroom for
gentleman, with private family. |
THE ST. KATHRYN. NF. cor. Leavenworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms in the city; new
hotel; just furnished fresh and clean: hair .
. mattresses In every room; also hot and cold
'water, baths, etc.; steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence; rooms from $3 p«r week up.
THE FALMOUTH. 104DA Market st.— Sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
THIRD. 655— Single room; gas; bath; $5.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $« week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), runnins water In «very
room; elevator, read. -room: free bus: bnz«rs*<?.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
S5c to $1 50 night: $2 to $3 week; elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room: fr«e bus: baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth St.— Room* from 13a
to $1 per night and from 00c to $3 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan 4k Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been -
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite F£t_
Open until 11 p. ra.
ROOMS AM) HOARD.
WIDOW wishes to take care of child. 409A
Octavia st.
SUTTER. C14 — Westminster — First-class room*
and board: reasonable.
HARRISON. 570— Good board and rooms at
I $3 50 for girls: piano; home comforts.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board and room,
single or double. $5-$6 wk. : American family.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 501 Geary — Family rooms
and board: entirely renovated: reas. price*.
ROOMS A.VU BOARD WANTED.
GOOD board and suit* of rooms wanted by
married couple and on* child; give rats*.
Box 1»7. Call office.
ROOM and board, with use of parlor, wanted
by motl.jr and daughter; state rates. Box
.170. Call office.
DIVIDEND KOTIC— S.
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor,. Mutual Savings Bank
building 703 Market «t.. oppo»lte Third—
For the half yea- *ed:ng 31st of December.
1903 a dividend has been declared at :b*
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa
capital stock and participating certificate
free of taxes, payable on and after SATX.R-
DAT January 2. 19»». JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARP". Manager. HUGH CRAIO. Sgcrotxrr-
DIVIDEND No. 9, 6 per cent, now due and pay-
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 405 Mont-
gomery st.. room «. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
LEGAL APVERTlSEMK.Vra.
NOTICE Office of Insurance Commissioner.
San FrancUco. Cal.. May 11. lOot-Uavins
ascertained that the capital stock of tha
Union Surety and Guaranty Company has
become impaired, and that said company ha*
become insolvent within the true Intent and
meaning of the Insurance law* of th» Stato
of California. 1 have this day revoked its
certificate of authority, previously granted,
is provided In section 600 of tha Political
Code and notice is hereby given that said
company Is no longer authorized to transact
the business of Insurance within this State.
E. MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
Continued on Pa^o Fourteen.
1 HEt>r , n^Y;^' ] r ED -'T' MAI '' E r" Coiltlniied '
AT C. 'rThaNSEN & CO.'S ."EmpT Agents
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
Washer, first-class country hotel...... . ..$45
Second cook, summer resort $60
Janitor, wholesale house t ...$50
Tunnelmen, teamsters, laborers, for Califor-
nia and Nevada $2, $2 60, $2 75
Farmers, milkers, choremen $30 $3S
C. R. HANSEN & CO. .Employment Agents.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
— _ , ALL '• ,
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
UNCLE SAM wants help; examinations for
custom-house positions will be held in July;
apply for our fre« catalogue giving particu-
lars. Pacific Correspondence Institute, Grant
bldg., corner Market and Seventh sts. ' *
WANTED— Three first-class carrlage^ black-
smiths and three first-class body makers;
good wagej! and steady employment to right
parties. Apply. A. MEISTER & SONS CO.,
Sacramento, Cal.
SALESMEN wanted to sell nursery stock;
cash advanced weekly; write immediately for
territory before It is all assigned. CHICO
NURSERY CO.. Chlco, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Houee,
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
WANTED— -First-class bartender; best refer-
ences required; big wages. .Palace of. Art.
16 Po«t *t.
MEX and women wanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Western College of
Barbers, 047 Commercial st. '
WANTED — Flret-class cabinet-makers and
* bench hands; also first-class sticker hand.
- Palo Alto Planing Mill. Palo Alfb. Cal. '
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st..Exam. bid.
BARBERS' shop. $100; part cash; rent,
$7. 32 Hunt st.. off Third. ¦
BARBER shop for sale; clears $25 a week:
elcknees cause of sale. 3147 Twenty-fourth st.
TOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
Bhlps. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
Pension Atty., B. A. Bullis, r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
BOY about 15 years old for dentist's office;
living with parents. Bex 966. Call.
GOOD 2-chalr barber shop, $60: 1-3 cost; sick-
ness; busy street. 257 Third st.
FINE 3-chalr barber shop; doing good busi-
ness; centrally located. Box 033, Call office.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third~stTnear Mar^
ket — 700 rooms; 35o night; reading-rooms;
free 'bug and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market bt., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce.cor.Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sizes men's Fhoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET. your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 60c. 563 MiEslon St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOUSES A.MJ WAGONS.
LOOK out for the big auction sale of 166 head
of choice young horses and mares on Tuesday,
May 31, at 11 o'clock, at J. B. Koran's sale-
yards, corner Tenth and Bryant sts. S.
WATKINS, Auctioneer.
SECOND-HAND landau and leather-top fam-
ily carriage, tandem cart, 4-seated skeleton
brakes phaeton Toomey bike cart and pneu-
matic-tire buggy. O'BRIEN &. SONS, Polk
st. and Golden Gate ave. »
FOR sale — Pacing mare, $175; 7 years old, very
fast: gentle in every respect; safe for wo-
man to drive: will go double. -For particu-
lars address box OG0. Call.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday: hr:-ses, wag-
ons surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom st. - ¦ - • . •
SADDLE pony for boy; will drive also. At
. Lelpslc ranch, 12-Mile House, take San Ma-
~~ teo electric cars.
NICE young black roadster; piano-box buggy,
steel tires and harness; $200. 460 Guerrero
Bt. Phone Mission 327.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S. F.
FOR sale— Fine large gentle driving. mare, 4
years old. A. C. S., 412 Liberty st.
FIRST class 2d hand express wagon with top.
Inquire N. BULLERDIECK. 1654 Mission.
COUPE — Almost new; also 1C% sound sorrel
horse; separate; reasonable. 314 Scott st.
WANTED— A good workhorse; cheap. 67 Ryan
avenue.
NEW and s»cond-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1C15 Market St., opp. Franklin.
LIGHT Burrey; good order; cheap. 2055 Sacra-
mento st.
TWO second-hand platform spring wagons one
3-ton, one 4H ton, one truck. 223 Beale st.
HORSES of W\ grades boujht. sold and ex-
changed. H. ATKINSON. C5 Hermann st. .
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horsos. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSBS TO LET.
~»~»~»~ rA;n u
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
CAPP, 778 — Modern sunny house of 8 rooms
and basement: a large yard, lawn and f >w-
er«; must be seen to be appreciated.
HOUSES TO LET — SUBURBAN.
A.T Ben Lomond: from July 1; two Turnlshed
cottages of 3 and 4 rooms; electric lights
Address A. BJOLSTAD. 130 Sansome. R. F.'
I. ATJZr CUES TOM UXMU.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH COr~foot~of CUy
St.; for pleasure and business; tel Bush 534.
J. Michaells Launch Co.,Unlon-st. wharf; boat-
ing & excursions. 5 Steuart «t. ; tel. John 2WS6.
LOST ASM* VOVXU. ~~—~
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of NELLIE F. COOK; No. IOU-I424
Tbe finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Lady's email gold watch; initials "M
T. P."; fob of eltver coins. Finder please re"
turn to Occidental Hotel office and receive
reward.
LOST — On 8 p. m. steamer Piedmont from S
F.. handbag containing Geneva gold watch and
other articles. Finder returning same to 1318
Market st. t Oakland, will receive reward.
LOST— Here Saturday night or SheOiound
Sunday, gold badge representing Lyra sur-
rounded by 2 flags and lettered S. 8. S
Liberal reward to finder at 16 Fifth st.
LOST— Lady's gold watch, with ribbon fob be
twecn plors 2 and *. Return to 1275 Pacifli-
tit.; reward. ,
0 f-fi' h i >U^ d: brlndIe head ' Re *U">
J. o MIEA, l<th & Vermont; receive reward.
MATBIMOariAS.
GENTLEMAN of means and good business"
temperate and refined, wishes to form the ac-
quaintance of young lady under 21 with
view to matrimony if suited; this ad is from
a ttrictly honorable young man and none but
respectable lady would Interest writer- give
full particulars to first letter. Box 703, Call.
JITEDICAL.
LADIES desiring aafe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures* no ex-
rr^ n ir!^- , CON SULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write DR WHITE
702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WTETH, speclalisTfor all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist ~for~all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St., opp. 5th. I
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated-
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness-Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
'treatment $10: hours, 10 to 6; 25 yrs. exper.-'
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during;
confinement; best medical care; low fee*.,
LADIES — Kumround: «afe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay. ,
"FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant huuses and fiat* are llct-
«-«i In our free renting department: over 1000
IB cumber: a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fail; service free.
sterling furniture co..
10s9 market st..
opposite McAllister.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
'-hie department; it will save you time and
trouble. Corrles Furnltur* Co.. 246-259
vieury st., on the square. - ;• •
¦ I
ELEGANT corner flat; large sunny rooms; all
n:od(-rn conveniences : neparate entrance* and
vcttiliule; nr.t reasonable. Southeast corner
"f •''.!( and £hrader sts.
UfPH. 2355. near Pierce — Elegant, new. mod-
ern flat, 7 rooms and bosom ent; 2 toilets, ga*
and electricity.
UPPER and lower flat*. N. W. cor. Lyon
and Haight; reasonable; fine view. Apply
121* Montgomery.
WOODWARD, 17. near Thirteenth and Va-
;cnc!:i — Modern, runny ujiper flat; 5 rooms,
»>:Uli; rmt $;£:.
EI.LIS. S2S— 2 parlors and kitchen; recently
f.nishtd; separate front and rear entrance;
$20.
NOE, 1054, cor. Elisabeth — 5 sunny rooms;
r.ew; yard, basement: convenient to Twenty-
fourth ar.<J Castro cars; reasonable.
DCAVEB. 43. near No* and Market— Upper
Bt of T sunny rooms.
CHURCH. 160S— Flat, 6 room* and bath; $1S.
L\ON, J**. near McAllister— Elecant sunny
' urp<r flat: 6 rorms nnd bath.
EHIPLKY. 2«». r>*>ar Pixth— $15: sunny middle
flat : bath. gas. nice yard.
SHOTWELL. 1175— Elegant flat, 5 rooms and
bath; rent reasonable.
NKW. sunny urp^r flat. 6 rooms anfl hath; \
street tat. a-jUS Seventeenth St.. facing Market. 1
SEVENTEENTH! 4<©4. bik. west Mkt.— « iun., ,
r "fBOdL rirs. : bath, gardcr. $27 60; ttable. $2 50.
• $17 60 MONTH; 5 r. and b. lower flat; tunny, J
, cozy. ICO Leaven worth ft., near California.
COLE. 42S, near Page — Elegant 7-r. upper flat;
every room sunny; overlooking G. G. Park.
DEVIPADERO. 728. cor. Fulton— Modem cor-
ner fiat. 7 rooms and bath.
LARGEST i:st of hous-«-s and flats to let. Call
en LTUN ft HOAO. 11* Montgomery «t.
EUNNY flat of 6 roorrs and bath. N.E. cor-
ner Broadway and Leavenworth ct.
UPPER fiats. 5-6 r.. basement, yard. 1454-1458
Mh ave.. Pur.ft, south G. G. Park; rent reas.
.UPPER flat of 7 rooms and bath to let; sun-
ny ar.d modern. 136 Belvedere: rent $45 mo.
KI.A1* '.(I LET — KIKMSkHKU.
1O LET. fursished. June 10 to September 1,
11 -room fist at 3022 Jackson st.; call morn-
ings.
COZIEST and sunniest furnished flats in the
<-ity: on 3 car lines; summer rates; one $30.
Ode $35. 41 Octavia at.
ELLJP. mo flanny comer; furnished flat; 5
"rooms; bath: adults only: bet. 2 and 5 p. m.
FOR rent; furnished; 5 rooms and bath; elec-
trlc hght. 1713 Mission n.
KllCilliiih i OH SALE.
BUREAUS. $4 50; mmtting, 10c; iron bed*. $2:
H. W. beds. Jl; woven wire mattresses from
$1 SO up. Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk.
FURNITURE for eale; $73 worth for $7 60
down and $1 60 pet week. BRILLIANT'S.
"340 Pest «t. near PowelL
CHEAPEST place in ettjr for second-hand fur-
r.;tur>. Hfr6 Geary ft. Tel. Polk 1477.
HKMii itt WJU&TED.
ABE LEVY. ~
Salesroom. ll"0 Market et. Tel. Jessie 7C1.
Don't ac'.I your furniture, carpets, office fur-
_?iI ure j_Ti c iJ^*2ii I >ou ? et hls t 8 " 1 * 1 * 1 *-
WANTED — To buy furniture for m. 7-roora
flat; must be In good condition; state kind
and price asked. Box 157. Call.
CHAP. LEVY & CO. pa> highest price for fur-
vrtuTf.ciirrtt-tr. etc. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 413.
.A. L. ETORRE pays highest cash prices furni-
turr. carpe's. etc.; tel. Larkin 3ij.il. 634 Ellis.
HEIi* TVAXTED— Ft: MALE.
WANTED— An Englibh. Canadian or Scandi-
navian cock for very nice family of H in
city, no wash, nothing to do outside of
' ' kitchen; wages $35; reterences. Apply to
. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Eutter st.
WANTED — A good cook for roadelde hotel;
4 in family and very few transient boarders;
foothill town; $35 and fare. See J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter et.
WANTED — 3 German cooks, no wash $35 and
*4«; cook, plair. wash. f'.Z; 8 girls' for city
and country to do cooking, plain wash, at
$¦';<• and $35; waitress, country. $:52 50; walt-
ran, city boarders, $30; 2 chambermaids and
waitresses, country hotels, $25; American
rurtM- for institution, $?<». A large number
ot rlrls Tor houscwor*. city and country
•2.'. to $r>5. Pee J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
.-¦-¦•1 - at.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
• char.:twrrr.B!d. $25; near city.
>— WAXTED— Girl* to learn hairdressing.
mar.icurinp, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
ir> 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; a po-
eltiorg to ft!l immediately; positions guaran-
t.«-d at *30 per week up: Itading school In
Z33 Geary Ft., room 13.
A— -Girl to l«arn millinery now for spring s«-a-
rt n: both seasons taught from start to finish
in I month for |12; positions as trimmers
etk'sladics.etc, guaranteed at $10 per wk up-
'.ay and tvt-nir.g cla«. 143 Stockton st., r. 13!
A — LADIES to l*ern ail branches hairdressing
trade, manicuring, masbage. etc. 1X1 Powell
et.; positions secured at highest wages; day
and evMiinjt «-i£ PP; call.
FIRST c!ass hand on custom coats W V
ATTINGER. 4» Ellis st. ' V
VOT'NG lady between ltt and 18 years to go to
. , Alaska with tamily; good pay. Call 104U
Third Kt.. room 22, 1 to 5.
La.' V traveler f-^r business hou*e; p.-rmanent
• position. B.;x SCO. Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
. ..Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ets.
Jt .BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
ej>*n«»d at 1008 Market »t.. opposite Flfta.
Oiw. 'intll 11 p. m.
HELP WASTED— MALJ.
AT THE CAL EMP. " AGENCT
' H Tfc '^l Fl » near CaU bId 8- : Phone Bu«h 405
THE 1 STATE OF NEVADA.
• - CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
25 teamsterx. $C7 50 a month.
IS labort-re, $00 a month.
Hj drillers, rockmen, hammersmen, $75
10 tucnelmen $3 a day.
10 laborer*; 6 hours: free fare, $60
Tunnel foreman. It. R.. south, $100 a month
and fouid.
5AWMILL CREW.
Edgerman. $50 and tound.
Night watchman, $35 and found
« laborer*, mill. $35 to $40 and found
Laborer, city $2 25 a day.
Scrf-w turner,' $05 and board.
Becond trimmer. $40 and board.
Board i>ull»r. $15 and board.
5 atectlon hands, sawmill. Ji5 and found
10 lumber pliers. $C5 to $4o and found
4 hay teamtters. $1 50 si day and board.
Cook, feotel ¦ near city. $40 and found
WOODS CREW.
2 barkf-r* $45 and board.
2 wheel tcamsf-rs, $05 & month.
Edgerman. sawmill, east, $3 25 a day and
board.
5 woodchopp*-rs, pine, 4 feet, $1 25 cord.
8 orchard and vineyard hands Sonoma Coun-
ty, fJV and bocrd.
S sash snd door makers, $2 to $3 day.
• fitirker hands, $3 f»f» day.
' 3 millraf-n. $3 to $4 day.
« lactory m«*n, steady Job, $2 a day.
10 VfAler makers, $3 to $4, board and lodging;
Ktcady Job guarantee; free fare.
• 2 iren -to drive buggies $2 25 day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third «t.
KED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCt!
C02 Clay ft. Phone Jame* 2*76.
• 2 carpenters, near city. $3 DO day.
Carriage painter, country. $3 HO day.
LUacksmith, country. $5<> month and found.
3 miners, gravel mine, $2 60 day.
Sticker hand, $4 day.
:; milkers, country $33 month and found.
LABORERS. LABORERS.
C men. steam thovfl work. $2 25 day.
20 men, logging road work. $2 day.
15 ooys or men. box factory, $2 day.
«. men. lawmlil work. $1 60 day and board.
hi ra: 1 r teamsters, ditch work, ,$1 25 day
« nd board.
€02 Clay et.. near Montgomery.
A MAN and wife for a ranch, $60; man and
wife, boarding-house, $50.' Apply to MRS.
NORTON. 313 Eutter et.
nELP WANTED SIALE Con.
A— MURRAY & READY, STaind^eaTciay^L
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
00,000 Men Work. Increase 60.000.
PHONE MAIN 6848.
WE SPEAK
SPANISH, SWISS, FRENCH.
GERMAN. GREEK, ITALIAN.
Your Fare Free. Look — Free Fare
TO STATE OF NEVADA.
If you stay four months. THAT'S ALL.
U. a GOVERNMENT WORK..
205 two-home teamsters, $60. -
156 laborers, you'll suit, $C0.
05 drillers, rockmen, hammersmen. $76.
Eight hours' work dally. Hundreds going.
68 header men. f 75.
14 laborers, mix concrete, $75.
GREAT LUMBER TRUST.
26 laborer*, it's up to you. $60.
15 Swedes, Norwegians, Danes. $35 found.
16 laborers, good Job, $45 found.
MINES— MINERALS.
16 men, simply willing, that's all, $45 found.
15 machine drillers, $90.
16 single and double hand drillers, $82 5O.$75.
TEAMSTERS— LABORERS.
IS laborer*, fare 30c, $60.
12 scraper teamsters, city, $67 50.
14 single and double hand drillers, city.
$67 60.
12 scraper teamsters, fare 15c, $67 50.
24 ranch t<:i meters everywhere. ?30, $40 fd.
Teamster, haul freight mountains, 2 horses,
$50.
MILKERS— CHOREMEN.
6S milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30 to
$40 and found.
26 choremen and boys. $30, $15 and found.
9 sheepherders. fare $1 60, $30 and found.
Chicken man. ship eggs, fare $1 25, $30 fd. 1
Gardener, lumber company, boss here. $40.
Ftableman. lumber company, boss here, $40 '
and found.
CONVEYANCE DRIVERS. CITY.
25 men. you can drive a rig, $C0.
Conveyanc* drivers; that's you; $1 fee.
IN CALIFORNIA— 8 HOURS.
15 laborers, free fare $60.
$1 FEE — STEADY JOB — $1 FEE.
CITY STABLEMEN COUNTRY.
3S ho«Iers and good all-round hands $75.
$60. $50. $40, $35 and found; good Jobs for
steady men.
COMMERCIAL SYNDICATE.'
25 men. no knowledge necessary, $60.
Fee $1— Nothing More— Fee $1.
CALIFORNIA'S HARVEST.
196 hay anJ harvest hands. SI .'.it to $2 50 fd.
ALL OVER THE STATE.
GOOD VINEYARD AND FARM HANDS.
54 good, steady places. $26, $30, $32 50 and
found.
GET A PERMANENT JOB NOW.
MARRIED.
Farmer and wife, fare $1 25, boss here. $50
to $#. and found.
Farmer and wife, fare $1 75, boss here, $40
and found.
Farmer and wife, fare $3. Monterey. $45 fd.
TRADESMEN.
12 carpenters, fare 50c, $3 50 day.
Foreman carpenter, fare $1, $1 day.
2 lathers, city. $2 50 per M.
C sash and door hands, lumber company, $3
to $3 50 day.
Blacksmith, lumber company, boss here, $60
end found.
IS blacksmiths, different places. $3, $3 50 day.
Foreman molder. iron worker, $4 to $5 day.
2 painters, paper hangers, city, $3 day.
Tinsmith, factory, fare 10c. $3 day.
6 carriage painters. $12 to $15 week.
BOILERMAKERS.
19 boUermakers. $3 60 to $4 day.
Time and half overtime, free fare, steady Job.
Weavers on blankets.
Machinist rolltr grinder, fare 60c.
Edgerman. L. Co.. boss here, $50 found. \
2 brick loaders, country. 25c M.
Screw turners, edgerman, hook tender*.
Logger, understand rigging, L. Co., $60 fd.
12 shingle packers, cut-off sawyer.
Molder and sticker hand.
Carriage painter and sticker hand, $4 day.
Wheelwright. 50c fare, steady Job, $50 fd.
Painter, carriage works, fare $1, $50 fd.
Wheelwright, wheel machine, fare $1. $3. .
12 coopers, slack work, call very early.
2 cornice men. edgermen. $45 fd.
S^rew turner, $75: furnace laborer, $40 fd.
Bench hand, planing mill fare $1 $3 day.
WOOD CHOPPERS.
196 woodchoppers. everywhere in the State.
Logger. Dolbeer logging donkey. $75 fd.
HOTELS.
15 butchers, different places, {50 to $40 fd.
16 cooks, different ptacee, $C0 to $35 fd.
12 waiters, different places. $40 to $30 fd.
16 dishwashers, different places. Job $30 to
$20 and found.
Second cook, $45. 3 bellboys.
LAUNDRY.
16 laundryxnen. good places different Jobs,
$60. $75.
Roustabout, springs. $30.
Vegetable gardener. $30 and found.
BAKERS.
3 third hands. 2 second hands. 3 helpers.
B<>st places at MURRAY & READY'S,
Highest wagrF at 634-636 day et.
PORTER, city saloon. $10 week.
Farmer and wife. Alameda Co., fare 60c, $50
and found.
Bupsy washer, city stable, $3 day.
Blacksmith, no shoeing, fare $1 25. $50 found.
Engineer and blacksmith, $75 and found. .
:{ boUermakers' helpers, free fare, 18c to
25c an hour and found.
Carpenter, Alameda Co., $3 day and found.
Edgerman, lumber co., fare $3, $75 found.
Setter, lumber co., fare $3, $65 and found.
Tinner, "city Job. $3 day. &
Poultryman for large \-Jneyard, $30 found.
Young man drive bakery wagon, 30c fare,
$30 and found.
IQ teamsters, city Jobs. $2 25 day.
4 laborers, lumber co.. fare $3, $35 found.
Ycur.g man, butcher shop, 10c fare, $10 week.
Dummy elevator man. city cafe, $30 found.
Baker's helper, city Job, $30 and found.
Camp waiter, free fare, $25 and found.
Cook. 15 people. $3 day.
Ccok and wife. 25 men, for mine, fare $3,
$40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MARRIED miner; man about place, $35 and
found; stout young porter, wholesale house,
$40 to $50: butcher for country. $40 and
found; 3 blacksmiths, $2 and $2 50 day and
board and $3 day; 2 blacksmith helpers, $30
and board and $2 50 day and board; washer
fcr laundry. $30 and found; machine men for
pUIl: 20 farmers, $30 and found and $1 50
d&y and found; milkers. $30 and $35 and
found; 4 farmers and wives. $40, $47 50, $50
and $55 and found; choreman, $20 and found;
and many other*. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
C28 Eacramtnto st.
BAKER, country shop. $12 week and found:
cook and wife, country hotel, $70; hotel
second cook. $50 and found; waiter, country
hotel, $30 and found; cook for 3 men. $20:
dishwasher for miners* boarding-house. $25
and found; and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento «t. -^' > .
AT CONTRACTOR'S AGENCY.
85 THIRD ST. Telephone Maine 5521
Good plumber. $3 60, fare 50c.
Al laundryroan, country hotel. $r>0 and fd.
3 miners', quicksilver, $175 and found.
Houseman, country hotel, $25 and found.
Man and wife for orchard. $40 and found;
Man to drive, woman to help around house.
Laborers, $2, 8 hours, fare 10c.
Laborers, north, $2 25; a year's work.
Laborer* and teamsters, $2. free fare.
Laborers for quarry. $2, fare $1 65.
Laborers for pipe line, south. $2 25.
Ranch bands, north. $1 50 and found.
Cabinet-makers and bench hands, $3 50.
Sticker hand. $4; steady Job. "¦•• -~'
M*-n to cut 4-ft. pine. $1 50 cord.
Woodchoppers. shingle bolts. $1 80 cord.
Teamsters and laborers, Nevada, $2 25, $2.
HORD & SMITH.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Bootblack, country; porter that can drive,
$30. country.
A— 2 CARPENTERS, do some calking, dredger,
company'* own yard, near city/ good wages;
6 young men learn trade, north, Al proposi-
tion for young men; carpenter, city. 642
Commercial st., to-day. . „
FURNITURE salesman wanted: one well post-
ed In second-hand goods; willing to work;
no other* need apply. H. SCHELLHAA3,
Eleventh gt.. Oakland. „
BARBER shop; 3 chairs, bath and bootblack
stand: alto household effects; good business;
in lively mining town; cheap rent; snap.
Box 3. Plaeervllle. Cal. . -
WANTED — Experienced salesmen for hat de-
partment. Apply this morning 8. N. WOOD
& CO.. 740 Market *t.
FOR sale— Barber «hop. 2 chairs in lively
country town: rent $10; clear* $20 per week.
Box 094, Call. -
GOOD barber, Saturday and Sunday, $6. 1409
Dupont st^ • "¦- ';. ;-'
A GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 628
Broadway. ¦ ¦ •
BARBER for Saturday. 100 Market *t.
BARBER shop for sale on time payments. Ap-
ply 609 U Howard st.
BARBER at 632 Third *t.
BARBER for Saturday! SOS Fourteenth at.,
- Oakland.
BITSHZLMAN wanted immediately. Golden
Eagle Clothing Co.. 104 Kearny »t.
SOBER German, steady, ref*., handy; tend bar
wine hou»e; married preferred. Box 038 Call.
EXTRA lunch waiter. 212 Brannan «.
WANTED — Walter at New Golden Gate Hptel.
164 Fourth n. . , •
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REIES BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter Bt.
WANTED — Six first-class trunkmakers; steady
work. Address Box 799, Call office.Morning Session.
Board —
10 Giant Powder Con, b 6 60 00
10 Giant Powder Con, b 10 60 00 :
10 Giant Powder Con 69 60
10 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 49 50
5 S F Gas St. Electric CO 75
10 S F Gas & Klectrtc CO 50
33 S F Gas & Electric 60 25
"OS F Gas & Electric CO 3714
30 S F Gas & Electric CO 12i£
60 Spring Valley Water Co 37 75
$8,000 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent.llli 00
SS.OOO Oakland Transit Co 6 pe» cent. Ill CO
$4,000 S F & S J V 5 per cent 116 25
Street — «...
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry 6 per cent.... Ill 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Giant Powder Con 60 00 ,
10 Giant Powder Con CO 60
10 Giant Powder Con, cash co 60
10 Makawell 21 12U
$2,000 S P C 1st con 5s (stamped), b3.107 75 .
$2,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge).... 98 25
Street—
$2,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 6s.... 97 00
$3,000 Los Angeles Ry Cs, b 3 ill ft)
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 89 S P C R 4s. — loo
B L Wat Cs.115 — S P Co 4Us.I01 —
Cal NW 0s.. — 112 Pun Tel Us.. 113 —
M C Wat 3s.l00 — Do 5s — 105
Rls I WksSs — 10714 Stntr-st R5s. 103 113
SF Lidk 5s — 113Vi UR of SF 4s. 78J4 78%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala S Co... — SO |Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils SO 87 I Nev Nat Bk. — 200
f a! GtnCor. 45 — N S R R Co. 9% —
Cal Powder.,130 150 N Cal P Co. 10% 11«
Cal Phlp Co. 21 27 Oak Bk Sav, 112 ft —
Ca! T I & T.I13 130 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Con Bk. Oak — 15 I IOOF Hall A 6 —
Ci-.utes Co .. — 7W|Orpheum Co.. — ' 16%
t.Ity & C Bk — 112 iPacC Cas Co.120 —
Cr» L Imp.. fi*i — IPac S Tel.. 100 —
E*st Dynm.. — 2.%0 (Paraf Paint.. 38
l/-.intl'wd pM — On IS F Drydock CO
Dc com ..30 50 ISF&SJ Coal. 23 32%
FN Bk. Oak.120 — jS J Wat Co. — 100
Thomas Cavanaugh and Frank Johnston
(owners) with Alphonse Selller (contractor),
architect C. S. McNally — All alteration* and
additions to make a three-story frame building
on lot 80, M. B. 68. Willows Land Association,
171 San Carlos avenue; $4495.
Albert Pike Memorial Temple Association
(owners), with Mangrum & Otter (contractors),
architect T. Paterson Rose — Steam heating and
tiling for a three-story brick building on S line
of Geary street. 147:6 E of Steiner, E 82:0 by S
137:6; $1700. \
Frank Sylvester and Pasquale Crlmello (own
ers), with Kalghtn & Caine (contractors), ar
chitect J t A. Porporato — All work except elec
tric? fixtures. shadeB and gas fixtures for a
three-story frame building on W line of Kearny
street, 57:6 N of Vallejo. N 20 by W 00;. $4»5OO.
Jchn V. B. Perry and Mary Roche (owners)
with Charles E. Coburn (contractor), ar
cMtPCt — All work for a two-story and base
ment frame building on W line of Taylor street,
52:6 S of Pacific. S 40 byW 02: $9300. ,
Lizzie Dallas (owner) with McKlllop Bros.,
(contractors), architect— All work for a'
three-story frame building on E line of Twelfth
avenue. 175 S . of - H street ; $5500.
- J. Macowsky. (owner) with Pacific Store and
Office Fixture Company (contractors), archi
tects Kldd & Anderson — New : store front and
awning. Interior store fittings In store at -824
Market street. In Phelan building; $2583.
Rev. Father Henry II. Wyman (Missionary
Society of St. Paul the Apostle) to Alexander
RoEOwekl (executor estate of John Rogowski).
lot on N line of Twentieth street, 387:11 E
of Stanyan, E 123 by N 100. : lots 49 to 53,
block 16, subdivision 2, Clarendon Heights; $10.
Andrew and Christina Johnson to John W.
Horn, lot on SE line of Naples street. S30
NE of India, NE 100 by SE 100, block 51,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Elizabeth Rothermel to Bernhard Getz, lot
on SE corner of Sargent and Ralston streets,
E 75 by S 100. lots 25 to 27. block 18. City
Land Association: {10.
Charles and Agnes Zessig to William and
Elizabeth "H. Tremayne, lots 39 to 41, block 1,
Lakevlew; 510.
Builders' Contracts.
Robertson. lot on W line of Third avenue, 250
N of A street. N 26 by W 120; $10.
Hannah Barry to Thomas B. and Charlotte
McGlnnls, lot on E line of Fourth avenue, 85
S of Hugo street. S 25 by E 95; $10.
Anna B. Davis to Warren J. Davis, lot on
E line of Twenty- seventh avenue. 100 N of K
street. N CO by E 120; $10.
John A. "Whelan to Mau A. Froment, lot
on W line of Park road, 613:3% N of Fred
erick street. S 31:1014. "W 200, N 24:7, E
213:1, and all Interest in land adjoining on N;
$10.
Ella M. Leigh and Margaret E. Lees to Ed
ward F. and Helen C. Tanner. lot on N line
of Randall street. 289 E of Chenery N 133,
B 24. S 133, TV 30, block 29, Falrmount; $10.
Same to Lois and Fllomena Nessler, lot on
N line of Randall street.- 202 E of Chenery, E
27 by N 133, block 20, Falrmount: $10.
Rosa and Mark Levl to William H. Kent,
lot on W line of Etanyan street. 81 N of Clar
endon. N 25:1, W 130:2. S 25:0%. E 134:3,
lot 8, block 7. Clarendon Heights; $10.
.Same to game, lot on KE corner of Golden
Gate avenueyand Octavia street, E 100 by S
1CMJ; ? .
Frank and Augusta Shrter to Adolph
Schwartz, lot on N lino of Sutter street 110
W of Laguna, W 27:6 by N 112:6; $10. '
M. Jennie Armstrong to Lillie H. McCor
xnlck, lot on N line of Broadway 137:6 W
of Laguna street. W 32:0 by N 137 - ;6; $10.
Samuel H. and Bernie D. Boardman to John
II. Nathom Wohrden. lot on N line of Mc-
Allister street. 92 W of Steiner, W 27:0 by
N 87; $10. % • • ,*
L. Eugene and Bertha S. Lee to Thomas E.
Haven, lot on N\V corner of Vallejo and
Steiner streets, N 27:6 by W 110; 510.
Larz A. and Julia C. Smith to John B
Cosgrave. lot on S line of California street,'
106:3 W of Baker, W 25 by S 137:6: $10
A. C. Barry to Lillie M. Ingarglola, lot on
N line of Grove street, 106:3 E of Lott E 25
by N 137:6; $10.
John L. and Olive J. Plnney to Caspar Mul
ler, rerecord 2010 D. 9, lot on E line of Flnt
avenue, 25 N of McAllister street, N 25 by B
100; $10.
Caspar and Emelle Muller to Domenlco Bel
luomlni, same; $10.
Hulda Seltz to same, lot on E line of First
avenue, 60 N of McAllister street, N 25 by E
Frank M.. George D., Myra A. and Fred
A. .Greenwood to Monroe Greenwood Estate
Company, lot on NE corner of Jackson and
Maple streets, E 200, N 170, SW to Maple S
to beginning, quitclaim deed; $10. *
Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to Mary
M. Boardman, lot on N line of Jackson street
50,'E of Maple. E 60, N 165, SW to point S
165; $10.
George C. Boardman Jr. to game, same- gift.
Estate of William E. Colton (by admin
istrator) to Louis Bartlett, lot on S line of
Dore street. 2C5 NW of Bryant. NW 24 by
SW 85; $1125. i- ->..,.'*:
Mary A. Colton to same, same; $10.
Samuel Booth to Agnes Thompson, lot on
NW corner of Nineteenth and Shotwell streets
W 49 by N 62:6; $10. precis.
W. L. and Annie Wilson to Agnes B. deary
undivided 1-6 of lot on S line of Twentieth
street. 105 E of Sanchez, E 25 by S 114- $10
Mabel and William Boulck to same un
divided 1-6 of same; $10.
William C. and Rose Spiegel to Lillie I N
Nystrom. lot on W line of Hartford street
141:3 S of Seventeenth, S 25 by W 102- $10 '
Fanny L. von Kusserow to Marriam or
Mamie Levlson (Lewis, wife of L O) lot on
N line of Valley street, 203:7 W of Diamond
W 101:10 by N 114. quitclaim deed; $1.
Antonio and Domenica Gotelli to Amedeo
Glorgone. Giovanni Moresco and Giovanni Fl
gone. lot on W line of Kearny street. 77-6 S of
Union. 6 20 by W R0; $10.
' William and Elizabeth Hammond to MIchele
Nave, lot on SW corner of Union and DuDont
streets. S 30 by W 65; $10.
John and Margaret Muller to Mlsourla J
Daly and Annie Hansen. lot on SE line of
Minna street. 1C5 NE of Eighth. NE 20 by
James D. Safford to Marie C. Safford lot
on SE line of Harrison street. 125 NE of
Ninth. NE 12:6 by SE 170; also lot on SE
line of Blackwood street, 125 NE of Ninth
NE 12:6 by SE 75; gift «'ntn,
Peter L. Wheeler to Kate K. Wheeler, lot
on SE.line of Harrison street 137:6 NE of
Ninth. NE 12:6 by SE 170:: also lot on SE
line of Blackwood street, 137:6 NE of Ninth
NE 12:0 by SE 75: gift. -^ OI ixintn,
Jacob and Katharlna Rumetach to David and
Mary Taylor, lot on E line of Rhode Island
street. 175 S of Twenty-third. S 50 by E 100;
*10. . ¦ -
Edward and Laura M. Carvlll to James F>.
and Mary R. Cheesewrlght. lot on W line of
Fourteenth avenue, 250 N of Clement street,
i N 25 by W 127:6; $10.
1 Bay District Land Company to Catherine
City and County of San Francisco to Wil
liam John, lot on W line of Polk street, CO
6 of OTarrell, S 30 by W 07:0; $ .
Same to same, lot on S line of Ellis street.
137:0 W of Polk, W £.5 by S 120; $ .
FRIDAY. MAY 27.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Fischer Thtr 40c — SO & MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.100 — Bwiss-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 , Truck Elect. 11 12^
Hono P Co.. 14 — UU InC pfd. 42% 46
Lon& SFBk — 60 Do com ... 0 —
Mornlns Session.
Board —
92.000 United R II of S P 4 per cent.. 78 CO
Street —
100 Northern Cal Power Co 11 00
Afternoon Session.
Street— .
100 Cal Gas & Elect Corp. » 10 47 00 -
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— ~ Bid. Aflked.
Apollo . . 48
Associated Trust' 'certVflcateV. "lO 20
I Aztec 63 ....
j Caribou 4 CO 6 00
Chicago Crude 21
Claremont 62
Four 70
Hanford 191 00 109 00
Home 1 B2>4 1 JVP/4
Independence 24 27
Kern 4 80 ' ....
Kern IUver 10 00
Lion 01
Monarch (of Arizona) *0
Monte Crlsto - • f-5
Occidental of W Va ~. . 12
Oil City Petroleum C9 60
Peerless 14 00
Reed Crude 1 SO ....
6 F & McKittrick 8 25
Senator CO 07
Sovereign 40
i Sterling 2 GO
Superior 03 C5
Thirty-three 8 26
Toltec 21 ....
Twenty-eight 800 000
West Shore 2 60 ....
Associated Bonds 78 00
Wabash 40
Miscellaneous —
Cal Jockey Club ISO 00
Chutes Company 7 37*4
Fischer's Theater '. 65 ....
Northern Cal Power 10 75 11 1214
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
800 Monte Cristo <W
100 Chutes b3 T 87H
6000 Oil City Petroleum 60
100 Central Point Con CS
Street —
200 Monte CrUsto 68
r.00 Oil City Petroleum, a 90 CO
6500 011 City Petroleum 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
800 Home 1 65
COO Mont* CrUto «8
8968 Associated 10
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
elico Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes IS 200 Con C & Va.l 65
200 Bullion 14 200 Gould & Cur. 80
200 Caledonia ... 67 400 Justice 15
300 Caledonia ... 86 100 Savage 32
200 Chollar 18 100 Scorpion ..... 19
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha 14 300 Mexican ICO
200 Andes 17 100 Overman 86
100 Caledonia ... 86 100 Potoel 19
400 Justice 16 600 Scorpion 19
200 Justice 171
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
COO Alpha 15 300 Hale & Norc. 64
200 Bullion 14 100 Ophir 5 37^
200 Bullion lf>t 2C0 Union Con .. t>0"
100 Confidence I..1 15| COO Utah 06
350 Con Imperial. 02| 100 Yellow Jacket. 23
100 Gould & Cur. 29|
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha 15 300 Justice 16
400 Bullion 15 200 Kentuck 04
200 Chollar 19 200 Savage 32
100 Julia OS 200 Utah 0(5
200 Justice 15 500 Yellow Jacket. 23
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the Bales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Bruns C G M 10J 300 Ton Midway. . 37
COO Ton Belmont. <S7| 700 Ton N Star.. 27
300 Ton Belmont. CS|
Afternoon Session.
• 200 Evelyn G M. 30! 1000 Ton Belmont.. C8
U50 Mac.Vamara . IS! 1500 Ton Midway. .. 36
100 Mont Ton..l 62Vil 100 Ton Midway... 37
100 Ton Belmont.. «i| 200 Ton of Nev..8 00
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. May 27—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bld.Ask.
Alpha 13 15j Justice 1« 18
Alta 07 C9i Kentuck 03 05
Andes 17 ISIKeyes Graes.. — 1 00
Belcher 31 3^|Lady Wash .. — C6
Best & Belch.l 60 1 00i Mexican 1 60 1 65
Bullion 14 16| Occidental ... 79 f-2
Caledonia ... 87 fiSIOphlr 5 02^6 75
Challenge Con 21 24|Overman 37 39
Chollar 19 20 Potofli 18 19
Confidence ...1 10 1 16 Scorpion IS 19
Con C & Va.l CO 1 05 Savage 32 31
Con Imperial. 02 0.S Seg Belcher .. 13 14
Con NY 04 05 Sierra Nev .. 42 43
Crown Point. 21 22,Silver HI 11 .. 66 67
East Sierra N 03 04! St Louis 09 10
Eureka Con.. — SO; Syndicate .... 03 04
Exchequer ... 42 43 Onion Con ..CO (11
Gould & Cut. 2!< 31 Utah 06 07
Hale & Norc. fiS 70 Yellow Jacket. 22 23
Julia OS C9i
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I " Bid. Ask.
Colehan — »7JRay & O'B.. 04 Oti
Esperanza ... — 02i Rescue 05 C6
Gold Anchor. — 30|Ton Belmont.. 67 C8
Gold Mt Con. 01 03 1 Ton Cash Boy — 25
Jim Butler... 30 — Tonopah Ex.1 05 1 12^,
i Lucky Tom .. — 03ITon Gold Mt. 10 12
MacNamara . 17 18|Ton of Nev... 7 87^4 —
Mizpah Ex .. 10 — I Ton N Star.. 27 28
Mont Ton ...1 60 1 65|Ton Midway.. 36 37
Paymaster ... — CSlTon S Lake... — 1 00
Ray Tonopah. 11 — lUnlted Ton .. — 18
court decided In favor of plaintiffs, but the
decision -was reversed by the Supreme Court
of South Dakota. The case being carried to
the Supreme Court of the United States the
Judgment of the State Supreme Court was sus
tained. The fact that a tender was made In
settlement after beins dispossessed of their
Interest by legal process was given no con
sideration, and the claim of plaintiffs that no
names were mentioned In the publication of
the notice was declared by the court to have
no force and that the names of the heirs
¦were not necessary. The notice was addressed
to "Kufus Wllsey, his heirs, administrators
and to whom It may concern." The claim
of plaintiff that at the time of publication of
the notice there was no administrator of the
estate, the former administrator having died
and his Aucces*or not having been appointed,
was equally unavailing.
SANTA CRUZ^May 27.— A party of
men and women from Santa Cruz on
the way to the Yosemite Valley by
carriages, while making a side trip in
the Hetchy Hetchy Valley, accidentally
caused a forest flre. They successfully
battled with the flames, but lost their
entire camping outfit. They were in
distress two days before assistance
was secured.
Accidentally Start a Forest Fire.
Mine Foreman Is Killed by Cave-In.
REDDING, May 27. —As Cyru*Lan
yon Sr., foreman at the Evening Star
mine In the Old Digglns district in
thia county, was at work in a stope
yesterday afternoon, rock and earth,
estimated to weigh 100 tons, caved
in upon him. Rube Wair, who was
working in the stope with Lanyon
when the cave-in occurred, heard the
earth giving way and stepped into a
small cleft In the side of the stope and
was uninjured.
BUTTE. Ikjont.. May 27. — The ex-.
dtement over the new copper find north
of Walkerville has *rown Intense, and
large parties of men are rushing to the
new field and locating claims right and
left. To-day over fifty people. Including
well-known business men of Butte.
were scurryins northward, some on
horseback, eome in vehicles and others
on foot. So far no sensational discover
ies have been made, but the showings
on the Bull Run claim have been suf
ficient to lead prospectors to believe
that large copper deposits He beneath
the surface in that territory. The lo
cation of the find is at the top of a hill.
Just across Bull Run, and is within a
few hundred feet of the road. The
leads are believed to be an extension
of the famous copper bodies of Butte.
For yeara this district has been pros
pected for gold and silver and little at
tention was paid to copper, and it was
by the merest accident that the dis
covery was made.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Deposits Revealed : Are Not
Great, but Showings Indi
cate That Leads Are Large
OUTLOOK IS PEOMISINGr
,On the other hand, Mr. Dillman of
the Sacramento Board of Supervisors,
who went with a committee to visit
the scene of dredging operations near
Oroville, says in an interview that is
published in the Bee:
The committee went Into the situation quite
thoroughly, continued Mr. Dillman, not only
at the point of dredge operations, but also
above and below — above where no dredging
has beeh carried on, and below, where the
sand deposits' exist. It was evident to the
committee, and I think an examination will
convince any unprejudiced person, that the de
posits complained of by the farmers are iden
tical In character with the material dis
lodged by the dredges, and not with the
ground farther up, above Oroville. where
there are no boats In operation. The com-
Some striking statements are made
by the statistician in an interview pub
lished in the Sacramento Bee. He
said:
Dredge mining la one of the greatest and
most striking triumphs of human Ingenuity In
the application of machinery. A miner work
ing with pick and shovel, and washing the
material In any of the old ways by hand, dis
poser of two and a half cubic yards a day.
One of thg dredgers lifts and washes 1000
times as much in twenty-four hours, or 2300
cubic yards. The dredgers run night and
day, three shifts of men being employed, each
working eizht hours. I am Informed that
the average yield of the gravel dredged at
Oroville Is about 27 cents per cubic yard, and
the cost of working It is given as 7 cents per
yard. This allows of a profit of many thou
sands of dollars per acre. As high as $2300
an acre has been paid for good dredge min
ing ground.
A singular Instance Is related at Oroville
of a man who had an orange orchard of
twelve acres, which he had advertised for
sale at ?100 an acre. He found the land was
valuable for dredging purposes, and raised
his price to $2000 an acre, which was recently
paid by a dredge mining company that bought
the orchard. The difference between the old
price and the new was Just J22.800. An
olive orchard, which was unprofitable, -was
also sold for like hlth figures. I pee no rea
pon why such conversion of land to more
profitable uses should be deplored by any
body. Certainly the owners of those orchards
would never have got from the products of
the trees In a lifetime as much profit as they
realized from the sale of the land for min
ing purposes, and the dredge owners will
make a handsome profit.
VIEWS OP DUiKVfAN".
Some figures submitted are of inter
est. It is said that the product of the
gold dfftdjtfra i n tne year 1904 will
probaDrr^^tmount to more than
$1,000,000.' In three years the an
nual output of the dredgers will exceed
in value the fruits of hydraulic and
drift mining combined. The total
value of gold and silver mine<rUn Cali
fornia in 1902, the last year for which
complete statistics are available, was
517,526,732. The quartz mines yielded
$13,000,000 in round figures, the drift
mines 5900,000, the hydraulic mines
51.280,000, the dredgers 5801,000.
Probably the product of the gold
dredging in 1903 was double that of
1902. This Conclusion is arrived at
after considering the increased num
ber of dredgers and their augmented
capacity.
Dredger mining is still the leading
topic of the mining men in California-
Charles G. Tale, a member of the
executive committee of the California
Miners' Association and the Statisti
cian of the United States Mint in this
city and also of the California State
Mining Bureau, goes on record as say
ing that the dredgers are doing no
harm.
There are only seven mining dredg
ers that are operating in the bed of
or along the river near Oroville. A
score are away from the river. The
score, raise material and drop it where
it cannot reach the river, so says Mr.
Yale. The dredgers that are operating
on the river bank turn over, and de
posit gravel. Above this they % place
cobbles and bowlders, keeping trr^flner
material down and anchoring it more
securely than If the dredgers had not
handled it.
If the dredgers are found to be do-
Ing any damage they can easily be
walled in and so made harmless by
causing all the material that has been
dredged to be replaced on the spot
from which it was raised. The floods
of the last season, also says Mr.
Yale, brought down a large quantity of
sand and other material from above
Oroville. New deposits of white sand
above Oroville have been observed
above the scene of the operations of
the dredgers. The sand was of the
sort that has recently been complained
of by property-owners along the river
banks, who attributed it to the dredg
ers. Mr. Yale is convinced that the
owners of the old dredgerB desire to
give no offence and will certainly do
all in their power to prevent damage
to any one.
EXTENT OF INDUSTRY.
An interesting decision has been
made br the Supreme' .Court of the
United States relative to the failure of
copartners to contribute their propor
tion of assessment work, which Is re
viewed, by the Mining and Scientific
Press, as follows: ¦
The case was that of "W. S. Elder, ad
ministrator of the estate of R. . TVilsey et al
vs. Horseshoe Mining Company et al. of South'
Dakota.'.. Wllsey ' and .one C. H. Havens lo
cated a claim in" the Bald Mountain district
seven miles south of Deadwood, S. D., In 1S7S.
Shortly thereafter Wllsey died, but 'Havens
continued, to do assessment work for . eight
years, when he served notice on the heirs of
Wllsey demanding their share of the expenses
in performing the work — $400. They paid
nothing' and neglected to take advantage of
this opportunity to secure their original half
interest in the property, and subsequently. In
188», Havens , advertised them out. Later,
methods of successfully treating the telluride
ores of that section having been discovered the
claim increased rapidly In value. In Decem
bers 1903, the helra of Wllsey offered to pay
their share of annual assessment from tho
date of location of the claim,' which offer was
refused. Havens then sold the property and
the heirs of Wllsey sued for an undivided
one-half Interest In the claim. - The district
The Bangor Consolidated Gravel
Company has been incorporated to ope
rate in Butte County, about thirteen
miles from Oroville. Those concerned
in the scheme say that a tunnel three
miles long will be necessary and that
operations will be on a large scale.
IMPORTANT DECISION'.
Portland people believe that there
will be attracted to their. home city be
tween 4000 and 5000 visitors by the
American Mining Congress, to be held
in August. This will be the seventh
annual congress.
The Alleghany Mining Company has
bought the Telegraph mining claim in
Nevada County, from Bovee and King.
According to the Mother Lode Ban
ner, deals for mining properties in Tu
olumne County have been made as fol
lows:
A. C. Johnnon of Carters has sold to H. M.
Hall of Madera a one-half Interest In the
Mohican quartz mine, near Carters. C. A.
Holland and others have sold to W. T. Carter
the New Era, Chilcoot Pass and Plateau
quartz mines and a right to 600 Inches of the
water of Hunter Creek. The deed to the Rhoda
Island, Eureka and Mississippi quartz claims
from Sylvester Carton, aa administrator of
the estate of J. F. Callahan, deceased, to the
Santa Ana Manufacturing Company has been
filed. *- ¦ .
The Calaveras Chronicle reports the
bonding of the Ready Bullion and Riv
erside mines, on the South Fork of the
Tuolumne River, near Railroad Flat,*
by C. W. Hlggins.
The Three Stars mine in Placer
County, at Ophir, is reported to be
working sixty men and to be crushing
ninety tons of ore per day.
A new company has bought and will
operate the East Orleans mine, on Gold
Flat, Nevada County. J. C. Campbell,
superintendent of the Mountaineer
mine, at Nevada City, is at the head of
the enterprise.'
At the Oneida mine, near Jackson,
Amador County, 130 men are employed
and the sixty-stamp mill is kept run
ning steadily. At the Kennedy mine
the forty-stamp mill will be taken
down and added to the sixty-stamp
mill, making 100 stamps to be operated
on the mine.
The Calaveras Prospect says regard
ing the shutting down of 'the Red Gold,
near Murphys:
The Red Gold mine near Murphys Is shut
down, ostensibly at first through an over
abundance cf water In the shaft and levels.
Later developments would warrant the as
sumption that financial troubles are the real
cause. Mr. Stone, the local superintendent, be
lieves that everything will soon be satisfactor
ily adjusted and work resumed, i
Operations will soon begin at the
Black Oak mine, in Calaveras County.
A traction road between Ivanpah and
the borax mines of the 'Pacific Coast
Borax Company, in Inyo County, has
been completed.
It is reported that work will be re
sumed on the Kensington mining prop
erty at Berners Bay, Alaska, by virtue
of an agreement reached by the man
agement of the Treadwell- mines and
the Nowells.
VARIOUS OPERATIONS.
The lack of sufficient fall has prevented th«
extensive opening of these mines by the hy
draulic process, and the same reason has pre
vented their drainage without long and expen
sive tunnels. In many places the higher chan
nels have been worked and millions of dollars
have been taken out. but the deep channels In
the vicinity of San Andreas, along Central Hill
and in other localities have proved a too ex
pensive proposition to be profitably handled.
In addition to being so low that they could
not be drained, most of the gravel Is a hard
cement that is not easily washed, and must
either He exposed to the air for a year before
watshlng or else be run through a mill before
yielding up its treasure. The delay for the
purpose of letting the gravel Black is not profit
able, as It means the tying up of capital, which
cannot be well afforded, and the mill process
has proved expensive and unsatisfactory.
Continuous prospecting and exploration has
pretty well defined these gravel channels, bo
that the course of the buried rivers and their
numerous branches is well determined. Within
a few years there has been great Improvement
in the construction of gravel mills, and. best
of all. in the facilities for handling water. It
has now become possible to handle the water In
these deep channels by pumping without the
great expense heretofore Involved, and the
gravel mill of to-day can easily and economi
cally handle the deposits from the mines.
Several mines have been opened along the
channel In the vicinity of San Andreas recent
ly, and have demonstrated that not only can
the water be handled with ease and economy,
but that there is a vast amount of gold In the
gravel awaiting the investor of capital. Along
tho old channel from Calaveritas to Central
Hill there are numerous mines, all of which
have been more or less explored In years past,
that will doubtless socn be In operation, now
that it has been demonstrated that the water
can be handled and the gravel milled at small
expense.
It Is well known that along the trend of the
mother lode In this county are numerous buried
rivers, rich In auriferous gravel, but for several
reasons these deep channels have never been
profitably worked on any large scale.
An era* of gravel" mining in Cala
veras County is dawning, so says the
Calaveras Prospect:
GRAVEL IX CAL.AVERAS.
H. E. Picket was an arrival on last even-
Ing's train. Mr. Picket- Is stopping near Fol
eom and for the last four weeks has been su
perintending the prospecting with Keystone
drills of a tract of land that he contemplates
mining by dredger process. Prospecting will
also begin to-day on a tract of land neat the
river at Coloma that Mr. Picket has under bond
and should results prove favorable a dredger
will be put to work on the ground. The pros
pects of El Dorado having a hand In dredge
mining eeem bright at the present time. The
San Francteco people who recently bonded the
Williamson place on Webber Creek at Qay
lords Bridge have Inspected the tract and are
making preparations to install a number of
Keystone drills to prospect the ground. There
are about 135 acre* In the trac f - and thm (travel
denoalt av»rajrea from JA tn PA f*»t nv»r »h»
entire ?— ?-
According to the Placerville Nugget,
prospecting for gold dredger' mining In
El Dorado County is progressing. In
substance the Nugget says:
mlttee. aa I hav« gala, visited all three;
points, and Boon satisfied Itself that the sand
on the farms came from the dredger fields.
It Is the same class of material In which
the boats are working, and not the sains aa
higher up and which some of the miners have
said was washed down upon the lowlands.
They also have Bald that the question at Issue
was one of fact, capable of demonstration.
I acre* with them. Anyone who will exam
ine the situation honestly can easily satisfy
himself of the fact that the deposits on the
farming lands came from sand sent down the
river by the boats.
Great Excitement in North
ern Montana Over Discov
ery of Ore at Walkerville
Statistician Yale Declares Machines Are Not Causing Dam
age to Farmers Holding Land on River Below Oroville.
Billman of Sacramento Takes Other Side of Argument
RUSH TO NEW
COPPER FIELDS
GOLD DREDGERS PROVE
AN INTERESTING THEME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1904.
Continued From Pago Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
14
STATEMENT
OF THE
COXDITIOX AXD AFFAIRS
OF THE
Globe and Rutgers Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day, as' made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner :
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash 3 1400.000 00
. • ASSETS. * ~~
Real Estate owned by Company.:. 973,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 54.90O 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 1,295.842 0i)
Cash In Company's Office 3,679 70
Cash In Banks '. 60,573 53
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7,293 66
Interest due and accrued oa
Bonds and Mortgages 1,089 07
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 463,550 S3
Total assets $1,960,531 43
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid 85,341 50
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 84.237 18
Losses resisted. Including expenses 7.816 32
Gross premiums on Flre Risks
running one year or less, $1,337.-
972 44; reinsurance SO per cent.. 818,086 23
Gross premiums on Flra Risks
running more than one year. $92.-
627 51; reinsurance pro rata.... 63,824 81
Due and to become due for bor-
rowed money 60.000 00
Due and to become due for com-
missions and brokerage 70.2S2 57
All ether Liabilities 200 00
Total liabilities 7. $1.222.238 CO
INCOME. ""'
Net cash actually received for
Flre premiums $1,003 234 83
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 2,715 00
Received for » Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans,
and from all other sources 40.001 07
Received for Rents _. 5,290 50
Received from all other sources.. 187 00
Total' Income $1.850.477 90
KaFEX DITXJRE8*
Net amount paid for Flre Losses
(including $06,723 97. losses of
previous years $683,023 82
Net amount paid for Marine -,..
Losses (including $ , losses of
previous years) ., 11 66
Dividends to Stockholders 44,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 244,523 94
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 84,270 12
All other ' payments and expendi-
tures 62,666 01
' Total expenditures $l;06S.0OO 33
~~ FlrS; '
Losses Incurred during the year $725.273 71
KIsk' and Premiums. Flre Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written durinsr the
year $131,216,357 $2,013,723 00
' Net' amount of Risks
expired during the
year 02.381.943 1.240.B86 23
Net amount In force
December 31. lf>03. 115,000.180 1.030.499 05
~ E. C. JAMESON, President.
LYMAN CANDEE. Secretary.
, Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 9th
day of February, 1904.
"WM. L. LINDSAY. Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS
411 and 413 California St.
SAN FRANCISCO, GAL
PROPOSALS.
PltOlOiiALS-iilUb UANXKD-Ncuce U
berely tneu mat sealed j.nMposa.s will be
recti.eU by ll-r board of uireciurs oi th«
Veteran*' lioiac- of OaUtornia, at its of flee,
room U. 2-'J si., t-an i-'ranclnco.
Cal., uu to 11 a'dock u. m.. Saturday, June
4 11KH, and cpeiied Immediately thereutter
In tlie pr'-sence oi bidders, for furni.tlilEf
tuid delivering quartet matter and commls-
e»ry tnrprllfff. etc.. for ttie Veterans' Home,
>a;,a Cuuuty, California (railroad tuition
Vour.tvl'le) 1. o b. (oc six months, com-
mencing Ju'ly 1. 1»M. «n<i ending- December
SI. im>4. jjchedule* w;th lnlcrmalion and In-
Btructloca lor subrr.m:n* kids will be fur-
nlfcht-d u;.on a&,;>licaUon by the undersigned,
liioders Hill careluKy follow the conditions
cf the BCbeUulea, end no bid will be consid-
ered utiltBM It is in accordur.ee with such
pctedules. UUs <^n tea. coffee and sugar
must he marie en wuni-les ei:bmitted.
1'acli bldiT n:us=i accompany his bid with a
«rt"fl«l check ujxrn some well-known and
recpuiuible biuikins house for at least 10 per
c-rrt of tlie amount of fcU bid. payable to C.
Ma«on Kiune. treasurer, conditioned that
• tbe bldutr will enter into a good and valid
confact upon notice ot acceptance, as re-
oulrtd by l^w- Th»- beard reserves the rijrht
to reject any <r all bids and to order any
auanuty ever or under the amount of epec-
llied Address Jchn F. Sheehan. secretary of
the Board of Uirectors of ttit Veteran*'
Home of California, room 13. 320 Sann'in-
«t 6an Fratirlsco. Cal. By order of th*
board of directors. JOHN F. SHEKHAN.
6ecretaxy-
JCOTICE to tidier* — Eealed proposal* will bt
received until June 21, l'JOi. at 7:80 o'clock
n. rr... by the Council of the City of Eureka
icT J5000 4H P^ r cent Forest Park improve-
ment bends'; J1U0.GO0 4Vs J-er cent City Hall
bonds; ?15.O<X> *i, per cent are apparatus
purchase bcr.ds. and $30,000 *hi per cent
eewer coirjikticn bonds. <!-sued by th« city
«..! Eureka ur.der the act of the Legislature
of the State of California of February 25.
3P01 (Statute* 3M01. puce 27). They will be in
<3«-nonji nation a* fellows: For«-M Park im-
provement lKmdB. ?12i; City HtM bond*.
$r*K}; f.r* Bi-i>tr«tui purchase bonds. J275.
»nd eewcr completion bonds. f£~t>; paid bonds
will be dated on or after July 1. lin>4. I'rln-
< ;;al or.d interest payable at the office of
the City Treasurer of the city of Eureka.
Interest payable seml-annually. cne-fortieth
of principal payable annually, all in 1'nited
Etates cold coin. All bid* must te accompa-
r.ied l?y a ccrtlSed check for ."¦ i»r cent of
*be bid payable to the Mayor of the city of
EuKk*, State of California. The city of
Eui-eVa contalr.B a population of 11.000. a«-
*t -•¦•'. valuation 12,800.000. with present
bonded Indebtedness of ?10l».~.0. Incurred in
. 1902. J. P. VTUNDERLICH. City Clerk.
BX2i FRANCISCO. CaJ.. April 30. 1904.— SeaJed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
oad at office of vjuartt-rinasters. until 11
a., aa.. May :::. 3904. and then opened, for
I^TT-itis'iig, daring the fiscal year commencing
July 1. 1UG-4, ionce ar.d straw for Diego
. Barracks. Fort Keeecrar.s ur.d Ord Barracks,
Monterey. Ca!.; also at same time, at this
offlc* only, for forajje and straw for Alcatrai
Uland. Tort Baker. Benlcia Barracks. Fort
Mason, Fort McDowell, Fort Miley. Presidio
of ts&r. Francisco. San Francisco, San Fran-
' cieco. Cal., for shlpxrmt to Honolulu. H. T..
. . avnd Depot cT litcruits and Casuals. Ar.s-1
Irland. Cal. Government reserves right to
reject or accpt any cr ai! bids in whole or
In part. Preference flven to articles of
American production, conditions of price and
quality (Including in the price cf foreign pro-
<5ucticns the duty thereon) bring equal, an-1
fruch preference given to articles of American
production produced on the Pacific Coast, to
¦ «"*i«>nt of consumption required by the public
eervlce there. Ail information furnished on
application to luartermaeters at San Die^o
Barrack* and Onl Barracks, or to under-
eipied. WM. ?. PATTEN, AF«ii=tant Quar-
General. Chief Quartermaster.
CFFICE cf C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks.
Wash.. May .",. lvKM — Pealed proosa!*, in
triplicate, will lie received here until 11
o'clock a. in.. June 2. 1S*O4. for furnishing
forage and bedJine at posts In Alaska for
year ra&ins June 30. 1305. Information fur-
• riisrhed here or Ijy Quartermasters at post?.
IT. S. re«ervee th- right to reject or accept
ftny or all proposals or. any part thereof.
Envelopes containing proposals should be
r.iarked. "'Proposals for Foraue and Bed-
dr.g at " and addrpfs-^ri to undersigned.
_ V. G. HODGSON. C. Q. M.
JLTTCTION. sale — Office G-en»raI Superintendent,
Army Transport Service, fan Francisco, Cal ,
ilsy 27, lfttrf.— There will be Fold at public
* auction, at 11 o'clock a. m.. June 7. irti.M, at j
FVr.lsora-st. wharf, a lot of miscellaneous con- I
<3emned quartermaster's stores, a list of
which can bs s^cn at Folsnm-st ' v.-harf.
C. A. DEVOL,
Major and O;:art«T-ir;aster. T*. S. A.
T7AHEKO~SES.
FOR PALE OR TO LEASE! "
Let and 4-ytory warehouse. 45:lftxl20;
short Liock from S. P. freight sheds: apply
• <>¦>.) rr*n:!.-»-s, 1." Bluxome ft.. tx>t. 4th and 5th.
SH !. *' .'"'.'"^!i_^!^L STA>IMKK|u;
MELHOUKXE InstituT^V^n^e^'&'jiarkeT
promises cure If in fair health; hours 1 to 8".
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterfisy:
Charies Trimir.irhari, 21, Sunol, and Bertha
Greene. 18. JIaywards.
Adan- Knltht, lX>. Log Bane*, and Helen
Harpr, 4-J, Los Banos.
Ge.«rgv Wing. ::2. Eureka, and Elizabeth K.
Bhotf, 24. Columbus. Ohio.
Charle* E. Bourdon. S.'{, 2."5 Texas street,
and Laura Case. 'Zi. 31&0 Twenty-fourth street.
John Peterson. 24. :X>3 Fifth street, and
Annie Anderson. 19, 3fl:: Fifth stre«-t.
G^orpe E. Smith, Sn. city, and Mary E.
c Stafford. 20. city.
EIRTBS— HABEIAGES— DEATHST
Birth, marriajre and death notices sent by
«nail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In ux either o' th* publication offices and be
JnSorsod with the name and residence of per-
•wns authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the ev.-nt ere published once in this column
free of charee.
BOKN\
SINCLAIR— Xs this city, to the wife of It. J.
Sinclair, a son. i
MARRIED..
KERRELL— POND— In thi« city. May 20
K.04. by the liev. William C. Pond. Albert G*
I>. Kerrell and llary Longfellow Pond both
of thia city. ' "
MATinSEN— PETERFEN— In this city. May
£fi. V.-H.-4. by the K*>v. O. Groensberg, Peter
Mathifen and Ida Peterson.
DIED.
I. Anderson. Ado'.ph F. Madison, Mary A
Aehe. Caroline L. llagncr, Michael '
'• Bergh, Hilda Markley, Charles
Jkmequet. Leonle McCarthy Rebecca
Collins. Emma Michaelson, Michael
Cox. William t;tt Mll-y, Jamt* J
! Ouramlng*. Catherine O'Callaehan. Daniel
Evane, George S. Rieney, Arthur
Flefg, Fannie Reynolds Martha
Grannls, Jaw*s G. Ronaldson. Thomas
Hoffman. Josephine Kholder. Owea
Hogan. Hazel Stone. Morris
Hover. Margarette Thomas Mary J
; Lottie, Frank H. Welch, Acn-s R.
JbJTDE'REON— In the City and County Hos-
• pltal. Hay 26, 190*. Adolph F. Anderson a
native of Sweden, aieed 70 years
JLEHE— In this city. May 27, 1&04 Caroline
Loyall. widow of Dr. R. P. Ashe, a native of
JCorfclk, Va.
CTFuneral services will be held at Grace
R Church, corner cf California and Stockton
streets, on Saturday, at 2 o'clock. Friends
•mill klndy refrain from sending flowers.
Interment private.
BERGH— In this city, Hilda, beloved daughter
of Karren Bcrgh, and eister of Henry and
Bamuel Bersrh, a native of Chicago 111
aged SC y»ars 10 months and 16 days. *
BOUEQUET— In this city. May 2fl, 1004.
Leor.le. dearly beloved wife of Alphonse
Bousquet. and mother of George and Louise
Bousquet, and daughter of Marie and the
late Morceliin Combatalade. an<J sister of
¥/"• £ , R .t <:incer ' Mrs " M - Andlchoa and
Mrs. R. V hltney. a native of France aired
S5 years C months and 2 daya. '
CTFTlenas and acquaintances ars respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday
May 28. at 1 o'clock, from her late residence
3<'.'{5 Ciay street, corner Mason, thence to
French Church <Nctre Dame Ces Vlctoires)
Bueh street, for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
CdLLINS— In this city. May 23. 1804. Emma
Collins, a native cf Illinois, aired 35 years
CTThe funeral trill take place to-morrow
rSunfiay). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
UcFadden. McBr-arty & Green. 1171 Mission
rtrwt. between Seventh and Eighth Inter
mem Holy Cross Cemetery.
COX— In this city. May 27. 11(04. William Utt
Cox, beloved husband *»f Souhena A Cor.
nnd father cf H. C. llenklr>. « native O f Ohio
fured 7a years « months arid 12 days
CUMMINGS— In Santa Rosa, May 26 1«mu
Catherine Cummtngs, beloved \v|f e C f the la?'
Michael Cummircs. and loving mother or
Thomas J., Mary A.. M. E.. W. J and ,hi
late K. J. Cummincs, a native of Countv
Mayo. Ireland, t^ed C.1 ream. «~ounty
CTFriends and acquaintances are reprw^t
. fully invited to attend the funeral Saturdav"
May 2* at 9:30 o'clock, from fcer late re., '
derice. thence to Et. Rone's Church wher*
a lilrh r*-u.u!cm muss will be celebrated for
the repose of her eoul at 10 o'clock. Inter
incnt Calvary Cemetery Santa Rosa
EVANS— In thi« city. May 2fl, 1904 George S
1>bjir of G3d Twenty-second street. Oaklan'd'
fcon of James and Mary N. Evan* ami
brother of Fred c. Evans, a native of Cali-
fornia, or«d 27 years 11 months arid 22 days
rLAGG-ln this city. May 28. 1004, Fannie
I James McGinn. Henry" Hansen. '"" I
I JAMES McGINN & CO..
I rorftieriy With McGinn Bros..
I ——Funeral Di rectors ond Embalmers
L^— gj^ldfly _st.; Te| South S7C.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE .
COXDITIOX AXD AFFAIRS
OF THE
AGRICULTURAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OV WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE OV
New York, on the 31st day of December.
a D 1003 and for the year ending on that
div as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
vi-ons of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Cort« condensed as per blank furnished by th<>
Commissioner: CApJTAU
A Tn 0U £h° f . !*??. - S^ k : • — " P S500.000 00
AS31TXS
E o^on°dV^^ 'SSSSS
~£ s'o^;^? hum »
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
A ™ ? Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral. . . «3.*U M
?'S £ c Ba fl n l k, ny 80ffl "::::::::::. imSS
ftcSei? on all
Stocks and Loans r---- ll ' HW "
! Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages I*K»V
Premiums In due Course of Col-
Due C frem 'other C°W*? 1 ** '{?*'&• ,010 "9
Insurance on losses already paid. I.010Z9
Total Assets .Si. 868. 538 21
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpald ; . „. . $26,960 59
Losses in process of Adjustment
l^ ! f wirtedrtacludVnVf expenses: lSlOZ 00
Gross prVmlum, on Fire Risks irun-
nin» one year or less $313,623 00. •
! 1 -. 61 . 3 :: 840.S2O 0.
&rb£££££!?^~ -rag
All other Liabilities g ->3» 5 *
Total Liabilities .jl.45fl.953 63
INCOME. ~
N*t cash actually received for Fire
H^v^To'r int.-rV.Yon- BonaV »i^£ "
R^e°l^d B for wterVsVand dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources. 63.231 M
Received fcr Rents. 4 - 312 **
Total Income .$1.312.917 13
EXPENDITUR ES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
N One "ding $38 71149. losses . of
Dffi'ndif iTS^^<^^ &o£ 8
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks etc. . . 86, .38 63
Paid for State. National a nd ! Local Aglooos
AlV^ther" 'payments and 'expendl-
tures 93.051 83
Total Expenditures .$1.115.133 10
TXre.
Losses Incurred during the year... $5.81.203 00
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks I
y^"!"..^*.."' $162,630,700 51.7SS.64S
Net amount of Risks
expired aW the
1 "!^? 231.372.200 2.CT.4.T4
A. H. SAWYER. President.
W. H. STEVENS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 2ist
day of January. 1904.
L. B. COOKE. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS
411 and 413 California St.
SAM FRANCISCO, CAL.
6E0. A. MURDOGX & SON, CITY A6ZNTS
410 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F., CAL.
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION* AXD AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OP
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th»
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
Jn Cash $300.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . . . $308,080 21
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 761,212 40
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 1,137,674 94
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 130.210 00
Cash in Company's Office 8.217 21
Cash In Banks 87.223 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 11,806 5T
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 22S.8C93«
Rents due and accrued 2,139 2»
Interest and rents due 2,081 21
Ground rents 18.00000
ToUl Assets $2,865.504 41
LIABILITIES. ~"
Losses adjusted and unpaid $32,263 23
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 98.138 91
Lcsses resisted, including expenses. 16,283 3*
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,174,-
003 90; reinsurance 50 per cent.. SS7.001 93
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,156,-
636 36; reinsurance pro rata 634.072 09
Amounts reclaimable by the In-
sured on perpetual flre Insurance
policies 071.063CS
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 32.664 M
Total Liabilities 63
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums $1,977,233 91
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 3S.S11 U
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 64.273 55
Received for rents 9.900 84
Profit on sale of Ledger Assets.... 9.134 74
Income from all other sources 2.533 73
ToUl Income $1.791. 900 OT
EXPENDITURES. ,~
Net amount paid for Flre Losses
(Including $144.3S2 82. losses of
previous years) $779,112 27
Dividends to St jckholders 30.000 ©O
Paid or sllowed for Commission or
Brokerage 373,084 91
Paid for Salaries Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 127,773 35
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 40.13514
All other payments and expendi-
tures 02.4308ft
Total Expenditures ._$!. 442.593 It
' rtr». •
LOSSES Incurred during the year... $777,283 34
Risks and Premluais. Flre Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks '.t*»' v
' written during the
year $ 130. 80S. 98» $2,033,439 49
' Net amount of Risks
exptred during the
year * 142.213,304 1,373.57130
Net amount -In force f
December 31. l!>03. . 1S7.S56.259 Z330.caO20
THOMAS II. MONTGOMERY. President.
JOHN H. PACKARD Jr.. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 29th
day of January 1004.
JdHN STOCKBURGER. Notary Publla
- r * ' "' .
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS
411 and 413 California St
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
C. A. HENRY & CO, CITY AGENTS
215 SAN SOME ST.. S. T., CAL.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAS,
Flagg. a native of New Orleans, aced 52
years.
C-T'Frlon'ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Hunday). 1 :'M o'clock, from the parlors
of A. \V. Martin & Co.. 310 O'Farrcll street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
GRANNIS — In thl» city. May 27. 1904. James
Gerald Grannls, dearly beloved eon of James
J. and Amelia B. Grannls, a native of San
Francisco, ai-ed 5 years 3 months and 13
days.
HOFFMAN— In this city. May 27. 1904, Jose-
phln?, beloved wife of the late William A.
Hoffman and beloved mother of Frank Holt-
man Mrs. G. Peters, Mrs. E. R. Fisher and
Mrs. Josio Wintrre. a native of Germany,
aged . r s years and '.' days.
Cj^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral Monday,
May SO, at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. G. Peters, 323 Clem-
entina «*tiret, between • Fourth and Fifth
thrnco to St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate
avenue, between Jones and Leavenworth
streets, where a requiem hlch mass will b«
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
1 HOGAN— In Oakland. May 2C. 1904. Hazel,
beloved daughter of Hugh nnd Anastacia
Hogan. a native of Buffalo, N. T., axed 10
yearn 6 mrnths and 13 days.
tyFriendB are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from the family residence, 913 East
Twenty-fourth street, thence to St. Athony s
tChurch. where sen-tees will be held. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery.
HOVET— In Elmhurst. May 27. 1904. Mar-
Eamte L. Hovey of •San Francisco, wife of
A. Hovey, a native of Augusta, Me., aged
67 yeers.
LOFTIS— In this city. May 26. 1004. Frank H.. i
dearly beloved husband of Sarah E. Loftls, 1
end father of Florenc?. Frank. William and
Alice Loftls. a native of Philadelphia. Pa.,
aged 50 years fi months and 19 days.
tC^Funeral to-dav (Saturday), at 10
o'clock, from his late residence. 1817 Market
street, corner of Hermann. Interment private. 1
MADI5OX — In thl* city. May 27. 1004, Mary |
Atleen. ldo!l«ed daughter of Louis and Julia i
Madison (neo RaiTcrty). and beloved grand-
child of Patrick Rafferty. a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 year6 8 months and 15
days.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
JIAGXER-In this city. May 27. 1W4. Michael,
beloved husband of Hannah Marner. and
father of Mrw. S. R. Pawloy, Mrs. A. P.
Percy and Mrs. William Van Look, a native
of County Cork. Ireland.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), ot 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor A; Co., 707 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery-
MARKLET— In this city. May 27. 1904.
Charles, beloved h'jsvwind of tbe late Jennie
Markley, and father ot Flossie, Belle,
Jer.nie May, Helen Josophlne and Harold
Mark!ey« and son of G. W. and the late
Ellen Markley, a native of Oakland, aged
u4 years and 10 months. A member of the
Retail Clerks' Union, Local No. 4&i.
CyFrlc-ndsi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Jcvited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from the funeral parlors cf
Porter & White, 42.1 Golden Gate avenue,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
Retail Clerku* Union. Local No. 452— The
officers and members are hereby notified to
atttnd the funeral of our late brother.
Charles H. Maikley, Sunday. May 2S». at 1
o'clock, from the parlors of Porter & White,
423 Golden Gate avenue.
D. .1. WILLIAMS, President.
M. S. HAGEX. Secretary.
MCCARTHY— In this city. May 27. 1904. at
her residence, 05 Dorland street, Rebecca,
beloved wife of James M. McCarthy, and
daughter of Patrick and Kllzabrth Jennings,
and fister of Maggie, Peter and Gilbert Jen-
nings, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
years 11 months and 10 days.
MICHAELSON— In this city. May 20. 1904
Michael MicHaelson, a native of Norway,
aged :\0 years.
MILEY— In this city. May 20, 1904, James J.
Miley, dearly beloved husband of Annie L.
Mlley. and brother of Annie and Maggie
Mlley. a native of San Francisco. A mem-
btr of Golden Gate Parlor No. 29, Native !
Sons of the Golficn West; Golden Gate Camp
No. 04. Woodmen of the World; San Fran-
cisco Aerie No. 5, Fraternal Order of Eagles,
and Court Acme No. 5, Foresters of
America.
(E7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), May 2f*. at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 11 Juniper street, off Folsom, be-
tween Tent:* and Eleventh, thence to St.
JoFfj'h's Church for services at 2 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CALLAGHAN— In Fresno. May 25, 1904.
Daniel O'Callaehan, beloved brother of
Timothy and Jam^s O'Callaghan, a native
of Milleen. Rock Chapel, County Cork, Ire-
land, aired 29 years. A member of the ;
?l*nlsh-Amerlcan War Veterans.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at S:45 o'clock, from the parlors I
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose cf his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crces Cemetery.
REYNOLDS— In San Jose, May 26, 1904,
Martha, dearly beloved daughter of, the late
Thomas and Mary A. Reynolds, and sister
of Joswoh and Georce Reynolds and Mr*.
John Kerwln. a native of Han Francisco,
a?r»Kj 20 years 0 months and 1 day.
C7"Fu7jeraJ to-day 'Saturday), on arrival '
of 11:20 o'clcck train from San Jose at Holy
Ctofs Cemetery, at 12:45 o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are Invited to attend. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RIGNEY— In the City and County Hospital.
May 27. 1904. Arthur Rlgney, a native of
California, aeed 48 years.
¦RONALDSON — Thomas Stcble Ronaldson, be- :
loved husband of Mary Argo Ronaldson, and
father of Margaret. Anna Argo, William and
James Argo, a native of Kinross, Scotland,
born December 11, 1S37, died at his resi-
dence In Oakland, May 20, 1Q(H.
l£7"The funeral will be held Sunday. May
2ft, at 1 o'clock, under the auspices of Clan
Macdonald No. 7lt, O. S. C. Funeral and
interment private.
EHOLPER— In this city. May 27. 1904, Owen
Sholder. a native of Ireland, aged 74 years.
STONE— In this city. May 27. 1904. Morris,
beloved hushand of Jeannette Stone, and
fathT of Tlllie and Hazel Stone and Mrs.
B. Jacols. a native of Exin. Germany, aged
75 y-*ars 1 month and 15 days.
Ci?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral funday.
May 20. at 10 o'clock, from his late resl-
dmc<\ 1-133 Laguna street. Interment Salem
Cemetery, via the 11:30 o'clock train from
the Third and Townuend Ftreets depot.
THOMAS — In this city. May 27, 1904, at her
residence. 3527 Nineteenth street. Mary J.,
beloved wife of Willis E. Thomas, and
mother cf Mrs. Mary L. Vorhes and Mrs.
Harry D. Jones, and grandmother of Harold
and Leon Vorhes, and sister of Oliver Hoss-
ler, a native of Michigan, aged 50 years 9
months and 24 days. A member of Oriental
Rebekah Lodge No. 90, I. O. O. F.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, at Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
under the auspices of Oriental Rebekah
Lodge No. 90. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cem-
etery.
WELCH— In this city. May 20, 1904, Agnes R.,
beloved daughter of John and Julia Welch,
and sister of May. William, Charles and
Elmer Welch, a native of San Francisco,
aged 16 years 1 month and 26 'days.
C7Funeral and interment strictly private.
Good Templars — Officers and members are
requested to be present at Odd Fellows' Cem-
etery at 2:30 o'clock, Saturday, May 28, for
funeral purposes. A. C. BANTA. D. C. T.
ADVERTISEMENTS*HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %(Slc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. »^ic: medium. 9%c; light. 8c: Cow
Hides. Sc for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
6c: Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veat. 10c: Salted
Calf lie: dry Hide*. 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf" 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25ft30c»«acn;
short Wool. 40(f)65c each: medium. 7C@90c: long
Wool. $1©1 60: Horse Hides. saJt. $2 75 for
large and $2S2 50 for medium. $1 25#1 73 for
small and 60c for Colts> Horse Hides dry.
$1 75 Tor large and $1 60 fcr medium. $101 25
for small and 60c for Colts. Buck 'Skins — Dry
Mexican 30c: dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 30®32%c. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 60c:
medium. 35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. l v rendered. 4Vi©4%c perlb;
No. 2. 3V»(64c: grease, 2 H ©3c.
WOOL— Spring Clip — San Joaqtrtn and Sout>
ern 12 ' months'. 9@llc; do 7 months' S^lOc
per' lb; Middle Counties. 12@16c for free and.
1WM4C for defective; Northern. 15917c for fre* 1
and • 13®15c for defective; Nevada. 12@13c ae
cordlnB to condition.
HOPS— Jobbing at »27%630c p«r lb for Cali
fornia. 1003. For crop of 1904 the nominal
quotation ts 20c. •
Hides, Talloiv,. Wool and Hops.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SEATTLE. May 27.— Cfearlngs. $523,537;
balances, $86,127.
TACOMA, May 27. -^-Clearings, $317,136; bal
ani'"s, $2S,470.
#JRTLAND, May 27.— Clearings, $386,762;
balances. S«),172.
SPOKANE. May 27.— Clearings, $347,528;
balances, $10,635. , -. ",^.;
Northern Business.
A circular of the Schultz-Hansen Company
places tho stocks of Beans In California on
May 20, 1004. at 30S.400 bags, distributed as
follows: Northern and central counties, 34,500
bags; San Francisco. 78.900 baes; southern
counties. 105.000 bags. These stocks consist
of 130,000 bacs LImas, 00.000 large and small
Whites, 35.000 bags Bayos, JJ0.500 bags Black
eyes. 17,500 bags Pinks and 5000 bags miscel
laneous. The circular says: "The stocks now
on hand are 100,000 sacks less than they were
about a year ago, while prices are- now 10 to
25 per cent leRs than In May, 1003. During
January. February and March. 1904. the ship
ments of Ltrnas amounted to 175.C0O Backs,
while during the same time In 1903 only 20.000
sacks were shipped. At this ratio of shipment
the Lima Bean trade of the crop of l»04 will
open on a comparatively barren market."
Many points. on the Atlantic seaboard are now
using California colored Beans. This has only
been within the pa«t year or so. Heretofore
the trado for colored Beans has been confined
to the Pacific, Gulf States and Territories, but
this year the demand has" been so large that
stocks of Pinks are now the lightest In yeara,
and according to estimates, -are- not larg
enough to supply the ordinary Pacific Coast
trade until arrival of new crop, about Octo
ber IS. . In the northern counties much of the
Bean land Is under water (due to recent floods)
and a large amount of the B?an land has been
seeded to potatoes. The high price - of • pota
toes has been the incentive . to seed) potatoes
rather than Beans, . . > • ¦"
BEANS— Bayos. $2 25@2 50; Pea, $3 9003;
Butters. *3: small. White. $2 8593-10:1 large
W f hite $2 25ff2 65: Pink. $3 450.1 60; Red.
$4 S25:"Llma, *3 2563 30; Red Kidneys. $t 754*
6- Rlorkeye. $1 0062 15 per ctl: Horse Beans.
$2<ff 2 60.
8EEDB — Brown Mustard. $4f?4 25; Yellow
Mustard $3<&3 25; Flax. $1 SO©1 90; Canary,
6H«f5%c for^Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%@l6c; Rape.
IV. ©2c; Timothy. 6«j6V4c:- Hemp, 3>4©Jc per
lb: Millet. 3®3%c; 'Broom - Corn Seed. $20®21
Pe DRIED PEAS — Blnckeye. . $3 »per ctl; Nlles,
$3 25: Green Peas, $3@3 25. '
Beans and Seeds.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. May .27.— Wheat— Bluestem, 83c;
club, 73c.
PORTLAND May 27. — Wheat — Walla Wal
la, 71@72c; bluestem. 80c; valley, Sl@S2c.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
There Is nothing new In this market, trade
being j!ow at unchanged quotations.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
13%c for extra light andl5^16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar- cured Hams. 13c; Cali
fornia Hams. 12«t2>4c: Mess Beef, $10©
10 60 per Bbl; extra Mesa. $11011 50; Family.
$12®12 50; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear.
$24- Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10c: Pig
Pork, $27; Pigs* Feet, $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lbfor
compound and S%c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
8-Vc: 10-lb tins. OUc; 5-Ib tins. 9%e; 3-lb tins.
9 Vic.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels. SV»c: one tierce. 8Kc; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Provisions.
ST. LOUIS. May 27. — WOOL— Firm and act
tlve. Medium grades, I combing and clothing,
lS^23c; light, 15& 18c;. heavy fine. 12314c; tub
wushed, 21&32C. ¦
St. Louis Wool Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening Nominal. 6 4% 0 4%
Closing Nominal. 0 4% 0 4%
PARIS. I
Wheat — May. Sept.-Deu.
Opening • 20 70 20 35
Closing 20 U0 20 40
Flour-
Opening 27 00 ; 27 35
Closing t 2< Oo 2.1 4U
Foreign . Futures.
Business Rather Better, but the
Tone Somezvhat Weak.
Ther* was more doing In local securities. ,
especially on the morning session, and Giant
Powder was lower at *t>i«t53 50. but recorered
to $«U) 50 tn the afternoon. Uas and Electric .
was lower, declinins from $0O 75 to $HO 12',-
On the morning session of the Oil Exchan*»
12 CCO shares of Oil City P?troleum sold at BOc.
The Santa Clara Oil Ccrapar.y has levied
an asj'.ssment of 3o, delinqjirnt June 10.
Ex -dividend yesterday: Hanford Oil Com
pany, regular monthly, $1 per share, amount
ing to $20CO. -
The Pacific Envelope Company has declared,
a tilvldsnd of $1 50 per share on the Issued
capital stjek. payable June 1. ¦
The Ophtr Mining Company nas been notified
of the shipment of two more railroad carload*
of ore. making a total of twenty-two carloads
on the way or In process of sale.
STOCK AX' BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. May 27—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
43 qr coup..lO«*il07ii ! 4s qr cp new.1.12 133
4s qr reg. ..10»;* 4 107*i|3s qr ccup...lCtt 10tS',i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDB.
Ala A W 5s.l01 — I Oak. T Co 69.119 —
Ray CPC 53.101 102 i Do 5« Ill 112V,
Cr' C O 5s. 100 105 I Do con 3s. — 102
Cai G & E g (Oceanic S 5s. — 7.1
m & ct 5«. 82 — Om Cable (Ss. — 123»i
Cal-st C 5S.116 — Pac G Im 4s. ft —
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E Ry Ss.104%103
Ed L & P 6s — 126«, P A CH 6S.105 —
F & C II «S.114% — P & 6 R 69.118 —
Geary-st 5s.. — S2 Powt/11-st Ca. — 114
H CAS 5^s.lOO — Sac EGARSs. 9«Vi 07Ti
Do5s.V..— — SF & SJV5..US —
Hon R T 6s.l04^ — Sierra R 6a.. 110 115
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A R" 5s. 111^112 O909) 1W —
L A L Co 6s — — O910> 109 —
Do gtd Cs. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5S.102H105 (19O5)Sr A.IOH4 —
LAP lem 53.101 — (1905)Sr B.102Vj —
Mkt-st C fis. — 119 U (190«> 104% —
Do lem 5«.m*i — (1912) U4T,1155i
MVA MtT5s.l01V» — SPC 1 eg 5s.ll0 —
NRR of C6a.l06% — Do stmpd..lO7S —
Do 5a 116^117 S P B R ««.131*i —
N P C R 5s. — 106V4 S V Wat 63. — Utt
V C Ry 58.109 — Do 4s 2dm. 98 P9ft
N C P C 5s. 90%102}j Do 4« 3dm. — ICO
N S R R 5s. 92H 86 Stkn d*E6s. — 100
O G LAH 58.107 — U G A E 6s. — 1C5
O "W gtd 8s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
-Contra Costa 36 M 40 [Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co. 37% 33
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3'4 — IS F G A E. 60U 61
Mutual E L. 12H 13 I Stkn G A E. ft «
Pac L Co... 56% — |U G A E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.300 340 I
BANK STOCK3.
Am Ntl Bt.125 12« JL P A A.... 150 1PJ
Anglo-Cal .. 83% 86^1 Mer Trust.... 200 213
Bank of Cal.423 43O IMerch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp.145 147% 8 F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — — i
S.WHNGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.22S0 2350 ISav A L So. — 10O
Hum SAL.— — I Sec Sav Bit. — 4oO
Mutual Sav. 10O — [Union .T Co.. — — ¦
S F Sav U.623 — , 1
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2C0 I Presidio. . »% —
Giant" «0H COHlVlgo'rit 4% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 25c |Kllauea S C. 3 4
Sawallan C. 49H » |Mak.w«ll C 21 -
u^_ntr«o «s c 12 vi in ICi.omea s c a so
KtrC U O^IPaauhau S C. 13?i 14%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.137Vit39H,iOceanJc S Co. 3% 5
S!? Wine A: 90 91«i|Pac C Bofx. - 170
jIVt MtTm.100 — I
! Miscellaneous Markets, j
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 17,000; to-morrow,
12,000; 5@10c higher; mixed and butchers,
$4 50@4 70; good to choice heavy, $4 ii.V(i»
4 77%; rough heavy, $4 50©4 CO; light, $4 50fi»
4 05; bulk of sales, $4 55@4 65.
SHEEP— Receipts. 4000; sheep and lambs
steady; good to choice wethers , $5 25<g5 U0;
fair to choice mixed, $11/5: \\ estern sheep,
$1 75!Q'5 50; native lambs, $5@ti 50; Western
lambs, $4 50&U C6; spring lambs,' $5 50&u 50.
CHICAGO, May 27.— -CATTLE— Receipts,
1500; steady; good to prime steers, $5 25®5 S3;
poor to medium, $4 40@5 25; stockers and feed
ers *3 25®4 75; cowg. $2©4 70; heifers, $2 5o#
5 :;b; canners, $202 1)0; bulls,. *2 50@4 ::5;
c&lves, $2 .">01i5 50; Texas t«d steers, $4 25^
5 10.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
STOCK MAKKET.
CHICAGO, May 27.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market was steady;
creameries. 13V4617%e; aalrleB, 12® Me. Eggs,
steady. lSiglSVic. Cheese, new goods, 7%©
9 lie.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Flour. Qr ska .. 7.150; Wool, bale* .... 207
Wheat ctls .... 1.2::t};Cornmeal. East-
Barley, ctls .... 7,C'i4i ern. ctls 1.0iM>
Beans "sks 543' Hides. No. ....* 1S2
Potatoes, sks .. 1.730! Pelts. No 133
Onions sks ... 372i Leather, rolls .. 46
Bran sks 1.2U4 Tallow, ctls .... U>
Middlings, sks.. 4C0, Lime, bbla 4«O
Hay. tons 21'Ji Paper, reams ... 71S
Straw, tons ..... ::i Wine, gals .... 44,425
Feed, sks SGi
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 3.0121
FOR FRIDAY. MAY 27.
Receipts of Produce.
CHICAGO, May 27. — Cash quotations wcie
as follows: Flour, fairly active and prices
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 92©07c; No. 3,
K5©U7c; No. 2 red. $1 05® 1 0C; No. 2 corn,
48c; No. 2 yellow, 49H$'50c; No. 2 oats 41%@
42Hc; No. 3 white, 4i.'§4.'»Hc: No. 2 rye. lac;
good feeding barley, 3a^40c; fair to .choice
malting, '45^'DCc; No. 1 flax «eed, $1; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 00%: prime timothy seed,
$3 05; mess pork, per barrel. $11 20@ll 25;
lard, per 100 ponds, $6 40&G 42&J short ribs
sides (loose). $6 37^©6 50; short clear nldes
(boxed), Ji'. 25@6 50; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 28; clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments
Flour barrels 27,300 32.300
Wheat, bushels 32,500 42,900
Corn, bushels 237.600 131,500
Oats, bushels ...136,300 115,800
Rye bushels 8,000 6.400
Barley, bushels 32,600 7.0U0
Cash Grain and Provisions.
The following quotations are for good, aouna
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 5O
per cent for shrinkage for Cattle. . 1
CA TTLE— Steers. 7"i©8}ic; Cows and Heif
ers ti^itt'c; thin Cows. 4&5c per lb.
CALVES — Italic per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, oVfi-lc; Ewes, 3©3Vio
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBd — $2 5t'*f2 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 Vta. 5%c;
over 2U0 lbs. 4 3 4c: eoft Hogs, nominal; Sows.
20 per cent off; Boars. 5u per cent off. and
Stags. 40 per cent off Crom above quotations.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — «i^i'87c for Steers and SOCo per lb
VEAI>-Lanre. 6«4<J7V>e: small. 839c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7SSC; Ewes. 6ftU7o
per lb
LAMB— 8*i©9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. BH'S'SHe P«r U>.
DRESSED MEATS.
The situation remains as before stated, all
kinds being in lane* supply and weak.
Meat Market.
Receipts of Strawberries aggregated about
12UO chests, less than 2CO of wnich were Long
! worths. The receipts of Longworths have
j fal'en off considerably of late, as the first crop
is giving out, and it will be some little time j
before the second crop Is ready for market. ,
Sun-cooked lots were hard to dispose of and |
some sold at $2 50 per chest, but top quality 1
offerings sold quickly at an advance. Attrac- j
tive lota of the large varieties readily com- 1
manded the top quotation, while poor stock '
• wa3 dull, with the canners taKlng tae surplus *
! at the minimum rate. Raspberries from the j
I south sold at l.Vrj'.'uc per small basket and ¦
! Dewberries .trought ~V«1i\0c. Small lots of |
I Blackberries and Loganberries came In and
I met with prompt sale at about previous prices. I
i Gooseberries and Currants were offering freely
j ami were slow. '
< Cherries ruled weak, with fresh receipts too
heavy and the carry-over from the preceding ]
day very large. The ruling prices for the best i
black In small boxes were 50<3«5c per drawer. !
the tnp quotation being obtained only during •
the early trade for fine stock suitably packed
for shipping. The cannerg were buying loose i
stock, paying 2 l ,-.<fj3'- : c for white and 2 J4c-for '
black. Seme Royal Anne were received and j
m*'t with prompt sale at good figures. Aprl- !
cot» arrived frum Fresno and Portervllle and
sold off Wf-ll. and Flits arrived freely from !
several sections. The Watermelons that came ;
I' In from Mexico on the preceding day sold at j
7.V?i$l 25 each and Cantaloupes from Coach- ;
ella brought 50c each. Two boxes of Green |
j Apples, the first of the season, came In from ;
I Vacavllle and snld at 75c per box; Oranges and |
other Citrus fruits were generally dull and un- .
! ch.inged. Four cars of Oranges were auctioned J
| as follows: Fancy. $2 50<E?2 75; choice. $1 ."i.Vu '
2 35; standard, socfrjl So. A steamer from
Mexico added SCO cases to the stocks of Mexl
enn Limes. !
STRAWBERRIES— $3@7 per chest for Long- ;
worths and *2fi.l 50 for the larger varieties. |
LOGANBERRIES— $0ig7 per chest and $1 25 I
per crate.
BLACKBERRIES— $5@8 per chest. ;
RASPBERRIES— Crates from Loomls, $1 80
earh. ;
GOOSEBERRIES— I%fr2»»c per lb for com
mon and sfilOc for English.
CURRANTS— 50®73c per drawer. ;
CHERRIES— Black. 40365c per drawer and [
366c per lb In bulk; White. 25340c per drawer j
1 and 2VitMc per lb In bulk; Royal Anne, 75®,
! bOc per drawer and 5<a6c per lb In bulk.
APRICOTS— » I 50® 1 73 per box.
APPLES — $1«J2 f.0 per box.
FIGS— *1 25f?l 60 per box. ..
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 5C9
! 2 50 for fancy, $162 for choice and Cl@l 25 for
standard; Seedlings. $Kil 25: Valenclas. $2{?
' 2 75; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 50U1 75; Tan- !
gerines. $1 50: Lemons. $2 60C2 75 for fancy. !
$1 50fSl 75 for choice and $lgl 25 for stand
ard: Grape Fruit, $t 50«J2 for seedless and $lir
1 50 for ordinary: Mexican Limes, $5@5 50 per
case: Bananas. $2473 per bunch for Central
American and $1@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapple*. 1
, $2@o per dozen. j
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey. \
FRUITS — Apricots. 8filOc for Royals and ;
90H2c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples. 4'it*
6c; sun-dried. S(S4'/4c: Peaches, 7©Sc; ;
Pfars. SK-'R12c: Figs, white. 2U®3c In boxes; .
black. 4 Uc; Plums, pitted 507%c per lb. ;
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2©2?ic for the four (
sizes ¦
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 4-crown,
4c per Ib; 3-crown. 4%c; 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3»ie; Thompson's
seedless, 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3tjc; Seedless
Muscatels. 3%c; do floated. 3«4c: Seeded Rais
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy. &V»c: choice. 6V«c;
12-oa cartons faney. 4\5c; choice. 4«4c; In f
bulk, fancy. l5V4c; choice, 5c: Imperial clus- ;
ters S3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy. $2; London
Layers 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13«4@14c: '
No 2. 11J*«12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13O1.".H?:
No. 2. llfr'inic: Almonds. IIVjC fot» Nonpa- '.
rell* lHic for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
«nd OVJc for I^ancuedoc; Peanuts. lM?7e for
Eastern: Pecan*. lH913e: Cocoanuts. $4 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. HH'«I2V,c for white and
10®Hc for amber; water white extracted 5©
6c: light amber extracted. 4%©3c; dark, I
3UP4c.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb. ¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK. May 27.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, snows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
May 26 with the pcrcentagB of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Inc. Dec.
New York $1,085,347,043 1H.H
Chicago 14S.«31,157 7.4
Boston irj,8»KJ,t>55 .... «.4
Philadelphia 101.154.803 20.1
St. Louis 52.131,174 11.0 ....
Pittsburg 4U,lK$y,()72 .... , 25.6
Sar. Francisco. . • . 25,041,119 .... 2.0
Baltimore 17.72S.575 .... 16.9
Cincinnati 22,340,750 .... 5.6
Kansas City Hi,»i24.755 .... 10.7
New Orleans 13,&95,5«.S .... 11.1
Cleveland 11,323,188 23.7
Minneapolis 10.671,855 2.0 ....
Detroit 9,117.547 7.4
Louisville 10.798,977 7.9
Omaha 7,506,733 3.7 ....
Milwaukee 7.3C2.280 10.8 ....
Provlience 6,4«1,800 6.3 ....
Buffalo 5, C$0,045 .8 ....
Indianapolis 5,2i>7.223 17.8
Bt Paul ?>.034,0M4 5.9 ....
Los Angelt* 5.032.1U5 15.1
St. Joseph 4,037,117 .3
Denver 3,071. C84 16.3
Columbus 4.154.500 .... 15.6
Memphis S^tiS.SlC 7.6 ....
Seattle 3,663,983 6.1) ....
Richmond 4,280,522 ».5 ....
Washington 4.102.2UI 7.« ....
Savannah 2,604,!)S5 16.7
Albany 4.114,538 .9
Portland. Or 2.732.071 5.9 ....
Foit Worth 2,363,239 .... 11.2
Toledo. Ohio 2,5<i8.102 4.0
Salt LakoyCity... 2.416,728 , .0 ....
Pecria ....\ 2,430.0.15 .T
Atlanta 2.16S.019 8.7 ....
Rochester r. 2,462.841 ¦ 9.7
Hartford 2.657.0+3 8.2 ....
Nashville 2.412.236 20.6 ....
Des Molaes 2.0CS.724 18.8 ....
Spokane. Wash... 2,057,502 10.9 ....
Tacoma. 1,99(1,191 -6.7 ....
Grand Rapids 1,901.013 10. s ....
New Haven 1,845,407 14.4 ....
Dayton l,4S:j.5:t5 15.1
Nerfoik 1, 587, 085 17.2
Springfield, Mass. 1.20(>.t>77 .... 9.5
Worcester I,l.i6.97» la. 7
I Portland. Me 1.436.3S8 8.4 ', ....
Augusta. Ga '. 7)<S^825 —11.7 ....
Topeka ««».»«& .... 19.5
Sioux City 1,273,011 16.0 ....
Syracuse 1.1C6.501 15.2
Evansville 1.13H,C«7 22.1
Birmingham 1,15.1,504 19.6
Wilmington, Del. OGO.oOO 20.2
Knoxvllle 1.3&3.193 25.« ....
Davenport 723.422 9.2 ....
Little Rock 752.U15 .1 ....
Wilkesbarre .... 804,014 .... 8.8
Fall River 517,751 35.5
Macon 29.">,ooO 45.1
Wheeling, W. Va, 715,151 2.1 ....
Wichita 1,009,085 3.3 ....
Akron 578.100 23.6
Chattanooga .... 891.062 89.8 ',
Springfield, 111... U37.5«8 10.6 ....
Kalamazoo, Mich. 622.632 ...\ 6.6
Youngstown 5$9.ttS« 29.1 ....
Helena 41*»514 8.2
Lexington ' 672,842 3S.8 .. .
Fargo. N. D 380,113 7.3 .... i
New Bedford .... 391,404 O.» ;
Carton. Ohio 4S4.0O0 7.S i
Jacksonville. Fla. 850.56S 163.1 ....
Lowell 448.567 18.8 ....
Chester. Pa 400.915 3.3
Greensburg, Pa... 392,542 18.7
Rockford, 111. .. 472.O09 11.8 ....
Binghamton .... 498,200 31.4 ....
Springfield. O. .. 329.807 15.4
Bloomington, 111.. 332.285 30.8 ....
Qulncy. Ill 388,744 13.7 ;
Sioux Falls, S. D. lt«.S57 13.7
Mansfield, Ohio... 1T.2.042 29.6
Decatur, 111 2t*.O,fc<>4 10. 1 ...
Jacksonville, II!.. 155.211 12 7 i
Fremont. Neb.... 188. H78 28.7 .... !
tHouston 9,«r»5,310 10.1 .... ',
tGalveeton * 5,594,000
Charleston. S. C. 1.003.014 14.3 ....
Cedar Rapids ... 307.654
Total* U, B... $1,820. 791, aw 14. fl '
Outside N. Y... 735,443,087 7.0
CANADA.
Montreal f 14, 582,519 37. ft 1
Toronto 13,38(1.415 111
Winnipeg 4,350,109 5.8
Ottawa 1.031,725 4.1
Halifax 1.702,488 C.4
Quebec 1,181.141) 24.4 ....
Vancouver, B. C... 1,112,346. 8.6 ....
Hamilton 9i7.87« , 23.0 ....
London, Ont 676.043 17.3 ....
f?t. John. N. B 773,220
Victoria, B. C 368,8*8 16.4
Totals, Canada ..$40,802,746 .... 2.9
fNot Included In totals, because containing ;
other itema than clearings. j
Cash in the Treasury. \
WASHINGTON. May 27. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re.
ecrve. In the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $102,853,574; gold,
$07,259,941.-
Ncw York Cotton Market.
-NEW . YORK. May 27.— The cotton market
closed easy, with general range net unchanged
to S points hlsher.
Nezv York Dry Goods.
NEW YORK, May 27. — The total Imports of
dry g-oodn and general merchandise at the port
of New York for the week ending to-day were
valued at $11,4S7,O46.
New. York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. May 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
0500 barrels: exports, 23,300 barrels. Dull, at
unchanged prier*.
WHEAT— Receipts, 22.000 bushels; exports,
17,400 bushels. Spot, quiet. No. 2 red, nom
inal, elevator; No. 2 red. $1 "10, nominal, f. o.
b. afloat; No 1 Northern Dnhith. Jl 03%, f.
o, b. afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal,
f. o. b. ftfloat. Ootions — At best It was a
very hard, narrow market In wheat, wltH no
feature except th« strontr undertone of July,
I due to light offerings and a firm cash position.
Crop and othnr news was mostly bearish. Vhe
olose *how<d ty.tr -'"ic net advance. -May closed
at DCUc; July, Pl$f&l%; close niv c ; Septem
ber. 8JT4©S4 1 ,i : c, closed S44c; December. S3Vi
COFFEE^-Spot Rio, steady; mild, steady.
The market for futures closed steady, un
changed to 10 higher. Sales, 38,000
bags,, tncludinc: May, 5.45c; July, 5.55@5.00c;
September, 5.80#5.S5c: October, B.UO^S.uSc;.
December. 0.05Q0.10c; March, O.S5®6. 45c, and
April. 6.45c.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The markot con
tinues Quiet, but the more attractive grades
are steadily held. Common are -quoted at 4Q>
5V4c: nrlme, 5Q5^ic; choice, 6V4C6&C. and
fancy. 7©7»c' . ¦
PRUNES — Remain easy under some pressure
to sell, and It is reported that in some . in
stances * official Quotations, are being shaded.
Price* , rawte from 2^0 to 5%c, accordLng to
grade.- ¦ . - - ¦.•::;• - *
APRICOTS — Show rather an easier tow
Bank Clearings.
Sparks From IV all Street.
.The Netc York Cotton. Con»oTliated. Produce
ar.d Coffee exchanges cl^ed yesterday until
Tlliartir Tho talk on '«."h*nre was that th»
Fectvtary cf the Tieaf-r>- «<.uld call on the
tasks fcr s.n additional $15,000/00 in a few
¦»-eeks. The sub^criptlrr:* to the 135,000,000
Cuban loan were $1C7.0<VUIOO.
The Chicago Hoard of Trade win 60 business
n- usual to-day.
Weathn Report.
MSPth Jueridlan-Pacifie Time.)
PAN FTtANCISCO. May 27—5 p. m.
The follonins «re the beasonal raln'alls to
«ette rj coinnared with those of the »am«
<ate" last reason ar.d rnir.fa!l la last twenty
ftur hours: . ¦. :J -t
Last This Last
Station? — 24 »n.urs. Ff>a*on. Season.
Eureka 0.00 63.79 51.15
yied Piuff 0.00 81.15 24.21
6scrarr.er.to 0.00 1«.S(J 16.02
Fan Frcnclsca 0.W 20.53 18.28
F*caeo 0.00 S.01 S.50
Indeperrtence 0.00 2.59 2.3*
fan Luis Obif-po ' 0.00 16.93 1«,49
Loe Angeles 0.00 8.72 19.29
Fan Dieco O.00 4.40 11.65
The following maximum and minimum tera
r»riitur«s lire reported for the preceding day
fr- m Eastern stations:
Boston *S-«4 Kajuas City C8-74
rh'.ladelphia SS-6S ;ack»on\-llle S2-72
flncttmatt R4-J2 Washington s»-»S
N<w York 86-Ch Ne»- Orleans 66-72
THE COAST RECORD.
a 2 e o 5 5
I it If A 3' I
STATIONS. « \\~l\ 1 1" f^ £
; = = ; • i
I K . c • '. '
I3iker 2T>.<;* 74 40 N Ciear .fX>
Carson 2«.»«s TZ :w> W Clear .00
Eureka ..: 2».t>^ M*« N Clear .00
Fi^sn" 2*.».W5 SH D«J N Clear .«)
8 E. F2ral]on.^.93 OS 53 W near .00
Tuprls.il £ft.7« 6<5 40 SW Clear \ .CO
Pocatello 29. so T2 36 W Clear .00
In<5ei>endence .2».S'5 76 4H SE Clear .<»"
Los Angeles ..'JU.H2 70 52 \V Clear .1")
Mt. Tama!pa!s.2:».H7 72 r<s W Clear .00
North Head ..30.04 62 B0 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Phoccix GO
r.!nt Reyes ..29.94 «0 51 SW Cloudy .CO
r.-nland 29. «2 7S 4« NW Cloudy .00
I;e.l Bluff ....2O.K<i to» 5r, gE Clear .(»)
R • »<*bur* ¦..»¦• ..M.^S K4 44 N Clear -O0
!=-.C!*merto ..2».<W S2 5S P Clear .00
Kr.:t Lake 2».»4 6<> 40 NW Pt.Cldy .50
Ran rrar.cixco.2a.Ufi «2 54 W Clear .<*>
S L Obi«l«o..23.J>« 70 42 NW Clear .00
?ar. Di^go 2».tW <W T-4 W Clear .00
Sitttle 2it.«S 72 4fi N Pt.Cldy .00
f;«.kane 2».M 7S 44 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Tptooth ::».f!R 4« 4S NW Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 2tt.*4 R2 5rt W Clear .00
*A:rn«muc<a ..20.S8 74 3« NW Clear .00
Vurr.a 2S.S4 SO T<H S Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. '
Fa.ir weattwr prevmfla over the Pacific Elope
except claudy tl.T.g the Washington coast.
Lirlit rain has fabler, in Northern Utah.
. The pressure !>? rls*-n along the California
txmm and fa'ten oi-er the Interior.
The temperature has risen over the interior
• rd fallen along the Central California coast.
Tlinoughout the great valley it if from 5 to 8
«J»#rrees above the normal.
Forecast mad* st Pan Francisco for thirty
*k>uv» <ndir,r mi<!n!»rht. May 2 1 ?:
Northern California — Fair Saturday; Hgttt
werterl;- winds.
Southern O.illfcrr.la— Fair Saturday; light
westerly wind«.
Nevada — Fair Saturday.
Si.n Francisco end \'icinitr — Fair Saturday;
lirht westerly winds. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecaster. Tercnorarily In Charee.
EASTERN 3IAEKETS.
New York Money Market.
SCEW YORK, May 27.— Money on «all was
ea?y at I'.«4il4 P*r cent; closing bid 1. offered
at 1 >i per cent. Time loans vere eaey. with
t.yy and ninety days at iMftt'i per cent;
•:x mor.thf. XQSM P^r c»nt. Prime mercantile
j.jir*-r. 3 a ,t?4 1 «4 per cent. Sterling exchange
•»*« 6trons. with actual business in bankers'
tulle at $*.S71.*jSi4^72O for demand and at
f4 8525S4.K.VW for s!xty-day bills. Posted
ratee, } i W34 **. Commercial bills, $4 hVp
4 (a%. Bar yllver, Civic. Mexican dollars.
44>»,c. Bonds — Governments, weak; railroads,
. New i ork Stock Market.
NEW YORK, May 27.— The \olume of sell
ir.r in to-day's f>t<x-k market was exceedingly
l:c) *\ but was FUfficlrnt to Incline the balance
toward tower prior**. The market did not quite
r«ach the record for dull net*- touctied en
ilarch !». But to-day's total of 119,000 phares
If ft little to ohoost- btintu them. The lmnl
ncace of n three day.-' holiday, added to th<
r»:neral diiscourwrf-inent of the speculation, mu
the cause of the aggrax-afd apathy of the
market. The promise cf a growth in c?*h
r»-»ource* of the bar.kK to the extent of nearly
*10.«>fl0.000 stimulated no Interest lr. etocks.
Of thle amount ti.'- eub-treacury hat contrib- '
uied HjBiS.000 as th* reslfiue of the $3,000,000 '
p»ld to the bank* test i\erk for the account I
of the Per^ama rr public and Fin'-e depleted by
the recall of Government deposit*. The flood
of currency from the Interior, estimated to
fr.ave smountpd to upward of $6 Cufi.Ouo in
r£»or ot New York, is piven an almost sinister
Import on account cf the Inference cf etag
r.ant demand for mon^y in burners. The
amount of gold bare a valla M^ for exr>ort lo
incrrow provtd to be only $550,000, but the
eterlinir excharifir continued strong.
Reauinfr's report of $3«2,r>C0 incrtaee in net
?•arninri! for April >1elded the etock a gain of
*». Ot!.cr report* of railroad earning* were
tinfavoroble, l>ut wei* of scirccly more effect |
Ho bciiTKt was felt by the market from the i
fm-orable reports of the New Haven htrike. '
Late covering by the day's ehortu left trivial j
cet ch»r~eji. ,
Total fcalf-s of bcndF. p<*r value, $1,095,000 j
Tlie »tock market ha* fallen back Into a
lethargic condition thif werk. Dealing* have '
fallen to nominal proportions and prices have
scarcely f-ilrrrd. Last Saturday's rise on the
loan contraction by the banks did not last
out tfce ¦day tn Monday, and on Tuesday the
levr-I of l'rlces f»-ll back to about tie level
cf the prtrcdir.g l r ridiy. The rert of the week
nit etarnexjt end apathetic. The Inertia of
tlie market tit th«- low prices now prevailing
}» e*.l<l«fric* that the ptwej-s cf contraction now
fu'.-.f on in bUKltiese and Industry in the noun
try Is in accordance wlih expectations, and that
fnmeurt's had been i..l.<n accordingly in tne
ftnsncifcl .world.
/Ti'f- tendency toward congeetion ts shown
in r.iocy nfli lur.i; clearlnge are deciinira:
the country over. Currency continues to How
In larce volunse to the rrfcervc centers. Expart
of rr.orc than *C0,O00.O00 of told since the
fl.-rt of April hfcs za.r?t4 without a ripple in
the njor.cy market. The currency redemption
of banknotes at the eub-treasury is running
at ttie rate of nearly a million dollars a day
lor May. Money has becoins almost a drug
In th* market. The lnve«tment ¦ demand for
home r*-curitle» has continued almost lin
fxrceptlble. ' The larse * ubrcriptlcns to the
J;.; :. r:--s". Russian end Cuban loans, as well
as to the New York City bond Issue, are proof
cf the l^rrr a^currulations of capital awaiting
ercpSoymmt. Th« decline in railroad tarnh.R/
Is a definitely r-stabllshed tendency, ar.d its
general recognition !s conflrracd by the steps
announced by railroad manager* In all t>eo
tion> of the country for retrenchment of ex
penditures and reduction of worklec forces.
The number of email banking cMAbllshments
tLrouchout tec country vrh'ch are ruspend-
1 inc at short Intervals Is a feature of the *it-
I uation which If not liked. Insignificant as a«e
i these eot&Ulshments or Individuals. The draw-
I inc out of the export movement after an op.n
i ion had pained force that it had reached Us
t limit has tad some Influence on the cons^r/-,
. stive spirit of the stock market. In spite of
' l the undeviatlng ease of the money market.
Bonds have fluctuated narrowly and uncer
i talnly In the same way ae stocks.
United States os registered have declined %
I and the 4s 14 cer cent on call during the
I week.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. . * ¦;
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchl»on 2.200 C9 68^ «*%
Atchlson pfd 92
Baltimore & Ohio.. 1,000 77% 77>4 77V4
Bait & Ohio rfd *»<Hi
Can«dlan Pacific... 400 117^ 117H 117^
Oenlof New Jersey .... .... 156
Chesapeake. & Ohio. 300 SO', 30 29%
Chicago & Alton 37
Chi & Alton pfd S0\t
Chi Great Western. COO 14»» 14V$ 14Vi
Chlrago & N W 169
Ch. Mil & fit Paul. 3.000 140V6 139% 1»»%
C. M & St P pfd 175%
Cht Term A Trans. 200 fi% 8^ 6H
• Chi T * T pM 1,000 14 »4 13Vi« , lX*-4
4 C. C, C & St Louis 69
T Colorado Southern. 200 15 14% 14H
Crlo South 1st pfd. 200 50 50 5O
Colo South 2d pfd 20
IVlaware & Hudson 153
Del. Lack & West 200
Denver & Rio G... 100 19% 19% 19%
Den & Rio G pfd 60
Erie S.400 23 22*4 22 ft
Erie 1st pfd 6.7U0 58 &6}i 67 \%
Erie 2d pfd S00 33% 83VS »»?4
! H-jcking Valley «1
I Hocking Valley pfd 78
! Illinois Centra! 400 12914- 129% K»%
Iowa Central I6V1
I Iowa Central pM 33
! K C Southern 194
K C Southern pfd 374
Louis & Nash 200 107*4 10" 107
j Manhattan L 100 143% 143% 113%
j Metropolitan pecs.. 200 77% 774 1 77
! Metropolitan t?t Ry. 000 110 1094 ! 101*%
; Minn & St Louis 40
», St P 4 S S M «2
M.StP & SS M pfd 118
: Missouri Pacific 1.100 89% 8»4 69%
! Mo. Kan & Texas.. 2o"> 15% 154 15%
j M. K 4 T pfd 1.200 31H 33% 34
i Ntl R R Mex pfd 354
: New York Central. 200 1144 114H 114»«
i Norfolk & Weetern 000 5« 55-» 554
¦ Ncr & West pfd M)
] <>ntarlo & Western. 1.200 214 21% 214
(Pennsylvania 6.100 1134 113V4 113%
I P. C. C & St Louis B6
! Reading 4,000 4:j% 43 43Vi
i Reading 1st pfd 78
j Rradir.p 2d pfd 62
Rock l.»land Co.... 1,200 20? 8 20% 20%
! Rock Inland Co pfd 69 V4
StL A- FF 21 pfd 44
St Louis S W 300 12H 114 114
ft Loui3 S W pfd.. 2.700 VO'i, 274 27=S
Southern Pacific... 1.T00 45% 45«4 45%
Southern Railway.. 100 20 20 20> 8
1 Southern Ry pfd.. 200 834 M4 83
1 Texas & Pacific 81*) 21 204 204
I T. St L & TV 900 234 214 234
! T. St L & W pfd.. 1.000 37% 37 37
) Union Pacific 5.K00 S3',i S2% 82%
j Union Pacific pfd . . 300 1)1 4 91 . 91 4
I Wabash • 400 15V* 154 15%
Wabash pfd 1.1O0 34U 33% 3:14
Wheeling & L E 15
Wisconsin Central 16%
Wisconsin Cer. pfd. 100 38 3$ 38
Mexican Central .. 700 7% 7% 7%
Express Companies —
Adams 225
•American 180
United States 100
Wells-Farjro '. 202
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 7.800 60% 5OV4 504
Am Car & Foundry " 16%
Am Car & F pfd 694
Am Ice ... ...... .... .... .... 6%
Am Ice Pfd 200 27 27 2«%
Am Linseed Oil ... 100 7% 7% 7
Am LhJ Oil Pfd 22
Am Locomotive ... * 100 194 194 19'4
Am Lccomo pfd £04
Am Smelt & Ref.. 11.700 52% 80% 62
A:n Fmelt & R pfd. 2.SO0 97 0«% 96%
An"Sugar Refining 100 120 120 123%
Ar.accnda Min Co 73
Brooklyn Rap Tran 8,100 474 47 47%
Cclo Fuel & Iron 2S%
Consolidated Gas .. 1,100 200 205% 2054
Corn Products 104
Corn Products pfd CS
Distillers Securities 20
General Eicctrlc .. 100 100 15C 155«4
Int»rnat Paper 104
Internat Paper pfd. SCO CCVi C5% B5%
Intemat Pump 304
Internat Pump pfd. 100 70 70 70
National Lead 300 19% 19 1«4
North American 81
Pacific Mall 25%
People' s Gas 95
Pre**ed Steel Car.. 100 25 25 24%
Pressed S Car pfd 674
J Pullman Pal Car... 200 210% 2104 210%
' R* public Steel 300 C% C% 6%
Republic Steel pfd 38
Rubber Goods 14'4
Rubber Goods pfd.. 100 774 774 77
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 900 34 33 334
U 8 Leather 200 «4 64 C4
U K Leather pfd... «00 79% 794 794
U S Realty 600 V.% 0% 6%
U 8 Realty pfd ... 1,600 60^ 69% 60Vi
I'R Rubber ... 100 lG*t lfi%. 10
TT » Rubber pfd ... 100 C0% 00% e«
TT R Steel 1.100 t>«4 9% 9%
V S Steel pfd 12,700 61 63% 53%
We5tlnghiM» Kiectrlc 153
Western Union 86
Total sales ...110.000
UNITED RAILROADS OF FAX FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. May 27.— Bond transactions.
United Railroads of San Francisco— 15,000 at
?-.." AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common — Bid. 4: asked. 4'4. Preferred —
Bid 044: a?ked. 35.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2a reg-.104%|L & N unified 4s.l00%
Do coupon l<'4%iMnn con gold 4s. 103
Do 3s reg lO5%JMex Cent 4k e44
Do couix>n lWVil Do 1st lac 12%
Do new 4s reg.132 IMtnn A lit L 4s.. 9ii
Do coujwn 132 lM. K & Tex 43.. .lOOVi
Do old 4s reg.106% Do 2da 774
-Do coupon 106% i NR of Mex con 4s 74
Atch gen 4s lOlVilN Y C gen 34s.. l>3
Do adj 4s 1»1 |N J C gen 5a. ...131
Atlantic C L 4s. 05 Nor Pac 4s 1044
I Bal Sc Ohio 4s lol«4| Do 3s 72
Do 3«i« 93*4 jKor &¦ W con 4s. J)S4
Cer.traJ "of Ga 5s. 107 OSL 4s Sc partlc. 94%
Do lrt- Inc 744iPa,fconv 34«../» 94%
Ches &¦ Ohio 44S.I04 | Reading gen 4s.'.. 9S%
Chi & Alton 34s. 79 S L & I M con 5s.ll44
C B & Q new 4s. 04%|FS L &JS F fg 4s. 81%
C.M & KP sn 4S.108 ISt Louis SW lsts. 0.J4
C & NW con 7s. 127% Seaboard A L 4s. 70U\
C. R I & Pac 4s. 6S% So Pac 4k »2
Do col 5s SO So Railway 5s.... 115%
C.C.C & SLgn 48.1004 Tex.& Pac lsts..HSVi
Chi Term 4« 74 T. St L & W 4s. 70i- t
Cons Tobaxeo 4s. 20 Union Pacific 4f..lO4%
Colo *- So 4«.... 84 Do conv 4s !>(>%
C F & I con 5s. 704 U S Steel 21 St.. 734
Den & Rio O 4i. 'JS4 Wabash lsts 115
Erie prior llen'4s. f*8>4 Do deb B 57"4
Do Ren 4r 95% W & L Erie 4s... $94
F W & D C lsu.107- Wls Cent 4«h 9U4
Hock Val 44«... 1074
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20; Little Chief .....05,
Alice lull Ontario 3 75
Breece lOIOphlr 5 25
! Brans Con lO'Phoenlx 07
i Com Tunnel O9|Poto«l 33
Con Cal & Va... 1 65|Savage ;. 32
Horn Silver ....; 1 35> Sierra Nev N7
Iron Silver . 1 .'.<» Small Hope« .... J5 '
Leadvllle Con ... 02|Standard 2 20
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— (United Fruit 1104
Call loam ....24B34IU S Steel 9
Time loans ...4 ©5 ! Do pfd 63%
Bonds — j Westing Common. 70
Atchison 4s 100^1 Mining—
Do ad) 4s 81 (Adventure 14
Mex Ont 4s ..... 63 [Allouez sr;
Kailroads— JAuial Copper .... 504
CHEESE — 8i£S^c for good to choice new
¦ nd 6©7c for lower grades; Young Americas.
OSU^c; Eastern. 12$4©14c; Western. ll©12c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. lSSlDc for fair to choice;
store. 16&17fcc; Eastern, nominal.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. lSHfll9:
for extras and 17V»©lSc for firsts; dairy. 16<9
17 He; store Butter, 13® 15c; cold storage, nom
inal.
Business was still very dull yesterday and
receipt* of Butter ran up again, as will be
seen. Those of Eggs fell off somewhat. Neither
description showed any change In quotations.
Cheese was quoted extremely weak, though
there was no shading In prices. The disposi
tion was to sell Butter, as the next three day*
will bo practically holdlays. »nd three days
is too long a time to carry over perishable
goods.
Receipts were ll.l.tiCO lbs Butter, 1410 cases
Egps and 21.WK) lbs Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
I Receipts of domestic Poultry were moderate
i and prlce3 Fhowed no change. Very small
; chickens and old. scraggy Roosters continued
I to dra&r. while large young Roosters. Fryers
I and gcotl heavy Hens cleaned tip promptly at
I stfady prices. A few *acks cf Game came In
i and m«»t with prompt fcale.
i POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 14ei3c per lb;
I Geese, per pair $1 50ttl 73; Goslings. $1
¦ 2; Ducks. $4 r.fl«E?5 per dozen for old an>l
!$5 50S»; for young; Hens $6ftT for large and
t $5(&5 50 for crrall: young Roosters. $7 50^
S 50; old Roosters. $4 50®6; Fryers. $5 50fl6 t&l
1 Broilers, $0ffi4 for large and $292 50 for
fnmi;: Pltreons. $1 2501 50 per dozen for old
and $1 50<g2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 50 per dozen; Rabblta. $1©
2 i er dozen.
Poultry and Game.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7UO
7*;c per lb; White Lead. 7Vi37"r«c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes an follows, per lb. In 10O-lb bajrs:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.85c:
Powdered S.*Oc; Candy Granulated. S.sOc: Dry
Granulated, fine. 3.7i>c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
B 70c; Fruit Granulated. 5.70c: Beet Granu
lated rlOO-lb bags only). 5.60c: Confectioners'
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A. 5.30c; Extra C. ft.20c:
Golden C 5.HV; "D." 5c; barrels. 10c more,
half barrels 25c more: boxes. 50c more; 5O-lb
bags. 10c more for alt kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. «.20<r. boxes. ti.45c; II. * E. Cryjtal
Dominos. S.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy -five banela or lta equivalent.
July; San Quentln. $3 40; Wool Bags. 22335c;
Fleece Twine, 78^.
COAI. — Wellington $3 per ton; New Welling
ton. $"*: Seatt!e. $rt 50; Jlryant. $•! 50: Beaver
Hill. $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coo*
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Walls«n<l. >7: Richmond.
$7 50: Cumberland. $13 In bulk ani $14 25 la
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Wel>h Anthracite Egg |13; Welsh Lamp.
$11 50; Cannel, $9 .'0 per ten; Coke. $11 B0QU
per tun In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions $11 45 per - ¦¦< >> lba and $12 SO
per long ton. acccrdlog to brand.
OILS — Quotation.* are for barrels; for eas#a
add 5c: Linseed, fjc («r gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 7Oc:
Bakers' AA. $1 1"^1 12: Lurol. 4.*.c fcr boi!**
and 43c for raw; China Nut. ««'i?7Oo per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. We for Ceylon and Mo
for Australian; extra bleached wlnt-r Sperm
Oil 68c; natural winter Sperm OH. f«c; extr»
bleaoh»d winter Whale Oil :.7c; natural Whale
Oil 52c: extra winter strained Lard Oil. 7.V.
No 1 Lard Oil C7>c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. ".V:
No 1 Neat»foct Oil. 63o; light llerrlna; CU.
42c: dark HetTln* Oil. 40c: Salmon Oil. 3*r:
boiled Fish Oil U7c; raw Klsh Oil. 25c; boiled
Paint Oil 3.1c; "raw Paint Oil 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil, In case*. 2n«4c; Astral, 2»Hc:
Star. 20»-.e: Extra Star 2»»»c; Elaine. 26^;:
Eocene 23Hc; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bu!k 16c: In ca.«*s. 22 Vic : Benzine. In bulk.
13c; 'in ca?es, 19V»c: SC-dexree Gasoline, la
bulk. 25c; In case*. 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic p«r gallon in cas«» and
75c m drums and Iron barrels.
Cons money.... 00 3-iniN Y Central. 117%
. Do «<l c t 80 3-16 Nor & Western... flfiy*
Anaconda 3% Do pfd S9
Atchlson 70$i Ont & Western... 22%
Do pfd 05 Pennsylvania 58*;
Bal Sk Ohio S:>*i Rand Mines 10*4
Can Pacific 12(>*i Reading 2214
Che» & Ohio 31 Do. 1st pfd 39U
Chi Great West.. 15V 4 Do*2d pfd 31
Chi. Mil & 8t P..143H So Railway, 20%
De Beer* U>%\ Do pfd ........ 85
Den & Rio G 20UtSo Pacific 4(V%
_ Do pfd «RH Union Pacific SS%
Erie 23HI Do pfd 93^
Do 1st pfd WJ^iU S Steel fl%
Do 2d pfd 33 lil Do pfd 55»6
HI Central 132fc.(Wabash ]nu
Louis & Nash...liom Do pfd 85
M K & Texas lG%|Spanlsh 4s SS'4
Bar silver— Steady. 25 H-16d per ounce.
Money— 2@2U rer cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2<&2 1-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 2 1-16S^% per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
CHICAGO. Mav 27. — A sudden scramble by
short* sent the price of May wheat up 2V4o
Just at the close to-day. The spurt in May
straightened up a drooping general market in
wheat, the July option closing Kc over yes
terday's final quotations. Corn shows a gain
of ?»c. Oatg are uff a trifle. Provisions are
practically unchanged.
Under the influence of seasonable weather
and generally encouraging conditions for
growing crops, everywhere, the wheat market
opened easier, the July deln'p'y being down
%c to }ic at SCiic. Extreme' dullness char
acterized trading and had a tendency to de
press prices. On the other hand, cables were
firm and afforded some encouragement to the
bulls. The fact that the majority of ex
changes throughout the country would be
closed to-morrow and Monday greatly ¦ re
stricted the volume of business. The absence
of contract wheat here as the basis of specu
lative transactions caused the abandonment of
trading in July, as fas as possible, except in
the way of evening up outstanding contracts,
the September, delivery attracting Increased at
tention. A St. Louis trade journal registered a
belief In the continued Improvement crop
conditions, but traders appeared indifferent.
Cash wheat at Minneapolis was weak, and a
report from there stated that all flour mills.
would shut down for a few days. During the'
last half hour the May delivery bfcame quite
active the price advancing sharply on covering
by shurts. Deferred futures benefited by this
activity, the market becoming quite firm.
After selling off to S5T4c, July rallied to SUftc,
closing at the top. May ranged between 8G&C
and flS%c and closed at the high point.
Sentiment ,'n the corn market was quitn
bearish, due to the liberal receipts and to pros
pects of a still heavier movement. July
opened tfOlio lower at 47%@4$c, sold down to
47 ; Sc .ind closed at 47-lic
Oats were quiet, but moved nervously over a
narrow range. Alter opening unchanged to He
lower at 3S%<g:W%c. July ranged between
3S%c and Ss^c. cloglng at-«J«q4<a;i.S%c.
. Provisions were strong early. In sympathy
with higher prices at the yards, but the mar
ket became easier on profit-taking, all of the
gain being lo?t. July pork closed 2%c lower:
July lard' was unchanged and rib3 closed oft
2H<"-
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May »6Vi 09"-S n«Vi - 9.S>4
July, old ... 87V4 «7H 88'* 87^
July new .. S«>* 86% 83*4 S«%
Sept., old ... hl% 82*» si% 82Vi
Sept.. new .. bQ% SU?» 80^ SO'J,
Corn No. 2 —
May 47H <"% 47 47
July 4S 4S 47% 47?i
September .. iiVt 47',4 46%. 47H
iUy l ' . .*!?¦. .T 41 ',i 42 41H 41^
July 8S% 3ST4 3S% 3S%
September .. 30*<, 31 30% 30%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 11 42>4 11 42& 11 25 11 32>i
July 11 U5 11 05 115214 1160
Lard per 100 pounds —
July..' « 65 0 55 6 47^ 6 50
September ..-6 72>4 C 72% 6 65 6 «7Va
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
July ti tiO 0 C2»£ 6 52V4 6 55
September .. tt 7T% « "Vt « 70 6 72Va
Future Grain and Provisions.
Siberia brings over $2,935,550 in Japanese Gold Yen.
New York Stocks steady. ExcJiangcs close till Tuesday.
Chicago Board of Trade open as usual to-day.
Business 011 the heal exchanges rather better.
Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
December Shorts run up Wheat and Bsrrley Futures.
Oats, Corn and Rye as prcznously qtwtcd.
No further change in Hay, Bran or Middlings.
Bean tnarbet strong, with statistical position good.
Potatoes and Onions continut in good supply.
Not much variation in Poultry and Game.
Fruit market well supplied wit h seasonal varieties.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Proz'isions still in poor demand and weak.
Nothing nezv in live or dressed Meats.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Atchlson CSTilAmer zinc .. BV.
Do pfd 92i|Atlantlc -,u,
Eofiton & Albany.243^|B!ngham 20U
Boston & Maine.. IGOHICalumet & Hecla.450
Boston Elev 140 (Centennial 19
Fitchburg pfd 125 Copper Range 42U
Mex Central 7% Daly We«t 2.1
N Y. N H & H..185^ Dom Coal " 64
Pere Marquette... 76 Franklin 7«
Union Pacific 62% Grancy 3%
Miscellaneous— Isle Royal* c'i
Amer Arge Chem. 14 Mass Mining 3U
Do pfd 73 Michigan 4
Am*t Pneu Tube. 4Vi Mohawk 3514
Amer Sugar 125*4 Mant Coal A Coke 3^
Do pfd 125% Old Dominion 12*4
Amer Te )& Tel. 125 tOtceola fi«i£
Amer Woolen ... lO^irarrot 23%
D° P« 74V4K(ulncy go
Dom Iron & S... 10 | Shannon ...-. rtw
Ed Elect Ilium.. 234 | Tamarack 85
Gen Electric 155 Trinity 3«
Mass Electric 18UlU S Mining 19»i
,Do pfd 71 jU S Oil...: 9$
Mass Gas 40 , Utah ssd
Xjn Shoe Mach ... 4S Wlnona • 5«
Do pfd 29 j Wolverine 70
Prices of fresh Fruits show considerable,
revision this week and early deciduous va
rieties are In free supply. Loganberries, fresh
Figs and Currants are added to the list. Vege
j tables are plentiful and prices have changed
t but little since last" week. -
¦ Meats, Fish and Poultry are-still selling at |
; the familiar quotations and Dairy Produce
i stands exactly the came as quoted last week.
I COAL. PER TON—
• Wellington .$—@10 00 New r
Seattle . I —@ 8 50 -Wellington $—® 10 00
Roslyn $—# 0 00 Wellington
¦Richmond ..? —©9 60 Nut $—@ 8 CO \
Greta $—& 9 CO Coos Bay $—7 50
; DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice,sq.4O@45| Cheese. Swiss ...25@3f'
I" Do. good —c3J|Eggs. per doz 20g'JB
: Do packed.lb22H@25j Honey, comb, ib.lS&'JO
Cheese, Cal lo@15 Do extracted... 8&10
j Cheese. Eastern.20@25
MEATS. PER POUND—
I Roast eBef |Mutton Chops . .15@18
choice cuts ...15@20>Pork Chops .....—®15(
Do plain 1O@ 12 V6 1 Veal Cutlets ....15<gl8
Roast Veal ...12Vi@15|Corned Beef —@ 8
Roast Pork . ..12Vi@15|l>ef stew ...... SiglO
Foreqtr Lamb.l2Vfe4?l5|Mutton Stew ... 5«>'8
Hlridqtr Lamb.. .l8tf20| Veal Stew 10<gl2H
Foreqtr Mutton.. 8@lU|Soup Meat 5@10
Leg Mutton ...—@12ti!Soup Bones Aff—
Tndrloln Steak. 12V3@15jHams 15@16
Portrhse Steak. .18020;Bacon 15@20
Sirloin Steak. .12M>®!5iPork Sausage. .12»/4#15
Round Steak ..10® 12% I Chipped Beef ...20®—
Lamb Chops .. .18<82o;Lard 12%®—
POULTRY AND GAME — ..
| Hens, large. ea.75cig$l|Ducks, each ....75c@$l
> Do small 5e@60jGeese, each...—@*1 50
I Young Roosters, ifioeltng9 — 6*2 50
I each 75c@$l|T'lgeons. pair ... —@50
. Old Roosters ea.50<i.i-t!& Squabs per palr.60&70
i Fryers, each ...e5<g*5|Kabbits. tach . .,2U®23
i Broilers each ..35©«>iHare, each —4j'-'5
I Turkeys, per lb..25&27| (
I FRUITS AND NUTS —
' Alllgtr Pears, ea. —<a —| Gooseberries, per lb
Almonds 15&20J Small 3© 5 '
! Apples 51? 8| Large 10& 15
Apricots, lb' ..10612% I Limes, dos 1U<&15
! Blackberries, per (Lemons, doz 15®l!0 .
i basket lu®12*i| Loganberries.
i Cranberries, qt..—®25i per basket —<B"!O
Cherries lb 5©lo;orar.Kes. e-hoice,dz2."tr~0 ;
I Currants, lb —©10j Do common . ..15&2OI
Pecans —ti20| Pineapples, each.254f4O
[Brazil Nuts 20@—|Raisins. Ib 1C©15
Bananas, doz ..30<toO,Raspberries, per
Chestnuts 15®'J0! basket 15@30 '
, Cocoanuts, each. —W10|Strawberries,
I Figs, dried, lb.. CfflOl per.drawer 2o@3j
Do fresh, lb. .—Wi5 Tangerines, doz. .lf><H20
Grape.Fruit. dz.75c®*l|Walnuts, per Ib.l5@20
I VEGETABLES—
¦ Asparagus, lb .. H^lOiMushrooms. tb..50r@$l
: Artichokes, doz. 15@:JO|Onions, per lb... 2'g1 ii
Beeta dozen 10W—!Okra dried, lb...2C««—
i Beans white, lb. 5@ —|Potatoes old,lb.li4/ ij2t.i
Colored, per lb. b'Q— | Do new, lb...2«Vtf3^ I
'Dried Lima lb..—«" 01 Parsnips, per dz.Uwglio
! Cabbage, each .. 5@10>Kadlshes dz bch.l5'jj2<> *
Celery, head ... 5@10|Rhubarb, lb —<& 3 \
i Crees, db bunch.16(^ —ISage. dz bnches.25S —
I Cucumbers. each.ld«j 1." I Siring Beans, lb. S®1O
Garlic 12%ig 15!Summer Squash. ,
Green Peppers.lb.lnVWI per lb C@ 8 j
'¦. Dried Peppers . ,ir<?r20!Spinach, per lb.. S^f 1 C :
; Egg Plant. lb..l5fl20|Thym«. db bncha.25«.-?0 |
! Green Peas. lb.. .'{® 5 Turnips, per doz. —©15
! Lettuce per doz.l5@:50|Tomatoes. lb . .Vl\*-'u\o
\ Leeks, db bunch. 15©20|
FISH—
Barrasouta —@15|Rockcod —©15
Carp 10®12VS!Sea Baas — «*15
Catfish "^-4/l2»^|Smelts :... —@15 i
Codfish .• —®I2Mi|SoIes 10015'
! Flounders 10© —|Skate«, each ....10015 i
Halibut Hit— It-quid —C| —
Herring ". 61il0|Tomcod 12Hfi—
Mackerel —© —|Turbot 204t; —
Do horse 15W—ITrout —®»!0
Rockflah : —@I2>4 Hrook Trout 75980
; Salmon, fresh . .15#2» Whlteflsh 100—
1 Do smoked .. .lSS-'Si Clams gallon ...60f# —
Sardines 106 — Do hardshell.lb S*j10
i Shrimps —«10 Crawfish —® —
Bhad ..100?— Crabs, each 15<025
Striped Bass . ,.15<&201 Mussels, lb 12^615
Perch 10#— (Oyster. Cal. 100.4o®5<>
Pomplno —® —I Do Eastern. dz.30@n
•i ; ; ; +
Northwestern millers reported the foreign out- |
look much better and said that in a. few weeks '
the UntPd Kingdom'would be an active buyer '
of Northwestern Flour. An Indianapolis re- I
port said that Indiana cannot possibly get seed '
and feed out of her Wheat crup this year and j
that thousands of acres will not be cut.
The weather affected this market yesterday !
and sent the December shorts to cover with j
the result that the option advanced, as will
be seen. There was no further change In the
cash grain.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 25«1 32«4: California
White Australian. $1 52ti®l 57^: Northern
Club. $1 3U©1 40; Northern Bluestem, $1 50
<jjl 55 per ctl.
. >¦ • FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Clnse.
December ...|1 .11 it $i :c: $1 31 Vj $1 S3H
2 p. m. Session. j
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 .(2% $132^ $1 32«4 $1 32U I
BARLEY —There was a*\ery good business!
oft the tables yesterday morning and free saks j
of cash Feed were made at $1 07%. The re- |
cent hot. drylne weather drove the December j
shorts to cover, and under their purchases, I
: supplemented by country buying orders, the
December option advanced, as will be seen.
Reports from the Interior said that the dam
age by the drying winds has been much ex
aggerated. «,
, CASH BARLEY. •
Feed. $1 0f»@l O7'.i: SHpplng and Brewing,
$1 10©l 11U; Chevalier, fl 10©l 15 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. /Low. Clone.
December... ; 97 V4 90&- 97J4 0S%
' 2 p. m. Session. >
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 99% f OS?s Q$% Oh»j
OATS —Continue quiet, but the market rules
firm, whites being especially strong and
wanted, with none of any consequence here.
White. Jl 42&@1 52^; Black, $1 22^@
1 2~m-. Red, $1 :><;G1 4214: Gray, nominal.
CORN —Rules firm at the recent advance,
with light stocks and the millers good buyers. '
Western sacked. $1 501*1 55 lor Yellow. !
$1 47^*ri 52'^ for White and $1 45©1 50 for I
Mixed: California large Yellow. $1 55#1 «O;
small round do, $1 55@1 CO; White, |1 55®
1 60 per fill: Egyptian, $1 40@l 50 for white
and $1 27M:«?1 30 for brown.
RYE—$1 30(gl 32>$ per ctl. <
BUCKWHEAT—$1 7532 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR—California Family Extras, $4 604?
4 DO. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, fl 50^4 SO:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5@l 25 '
per bbl I
MILLSTUFFS —Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lhs;
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal. $3 25: Rice Flocr. !
$7; Corn Meal, $3 50: extra cream do $4 25; i
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25;' Buck- i
wheat Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. *4; !
Farina $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75; '
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25@S CO; In sacks, $0 75Q '
8 10; Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. |5 50 per 100 lba.
Ha\ and Feedstuffs.
Receipts of Hay and Bran are running Hsht'!
again, and both descriptions are quoted rather
steadier in consequence, though prices re
main unchanged.
IIUAN—$21622 per ton. >
MIDDLINGS—$27 60020 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $21022 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS—Rolled Barley. $23©23 50 !
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2» 50*5:31: >
jobbing $32. Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal. $32®33; Cracked Corn. ,$32 50&33 50;
Mixed Feed. $22@23: Horse Beans, $30@4l> per
ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per px\.
HAY—Wheat. $11015; Wheat and Oat $11®
13 60; Oat. $9©12 50; Wild Oat, $7@X0; Bar
ley and Oat. s $7©ll; Stock. $7©8; Alfalfa. $70
STRAW^-C0@S0c per bale.
The market was liberally supplied with new
Potatoes and an easy feeling prevailed, but as
trade continued moderately active prices were
well maintained and choice lots were closely
cleaned up at the close. Receipts thus far
have consisted almost entirely of the white
varieties. Early Rose and ucner red varieties
' forming but a small percentage of the daily
receipts. Old Potatoes were dull, except for
fancy Oregon, which were rather scares and
In good request at $1 35©1 60 per cental. Red
Onion* were abundant* again and lower.
The narrow-gauge train with fresh supplies
of vegetables from across the bay did not ar
rive until noon and the belated arrival* of
Asparagus and Peas from that section had to
be gold at low prices. The tanners paid 4Vi©
5c per pound for Asparagus and bought Peas
at lc per pound, equivalent to 65<©75c per
sack. Green Corn from Brentwood sold at 5O®
65c per dozen and Mm? from Coachella was
offering at 50c. Cucumbers rrom Marysvill«
4rl<J at $2 per box. The other vegetables had
rSiclittle change.
POTATOES — Burbanks from tht river. $10
1 15 per ctl: Oregon Burbanks. $1 15©1 50 per
ctl: small Oregon Burbanks for seed, $1©1 25
per ctl; new Potatoes In boxes. $1 50©2 per
ctl: In sacks. $1 25©2 per eel.
ONIONS — Australian Yellow. $5 per ctl: new
Red. i>0c@$l per sack; n«w Green, 50©60c
per box.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 4g6c- per Ib:
Rhubarb 40075c per box: Gre*n Peas. 63c9
$1 25 per sack; String Beans, 5®6c per lb;
Wax Beans. «@7c per lb; Tomatoes, $1 254J
1 75 per box or trate for Los Angeles
and $1 CO.t« 2 for Mexican irepacked): sum
mer Squash. 75c??$l 25 per box: Cabbage.
$1 per ctl: Carrots. 50c per sack: Cucumbers,
50r-*j$l per dozen; Garlic, new, 7@Sc per lb;
EgtrPiant. SSlOc per lb: Dried Peppers. 8#:0c
for eun-dried and 12V4#13c per lb for evap
orated; Dried Okra. 12U@i5c per lb: Green
Peup*rr. &«12»ie per lb for Los Angeles and 10
@15c for Mexican: Marrowfat Squash. Jobbing
1 at l%@2c per lb.
i Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Family Retail Market.
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
Iron closed at 51s Od in Glasgow and at 31s
6d In Middlesboro. Locally iron is quiet and
rather easy in tone. No. 1 foundry. Northern.
$14 75015 25; No. 2 foundry. Northern, $14 25^
14 75; No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foun
dry, Southern, soft. $13 5O@13 75. Pig iron
warrants are nominal at $9 25.
Spelter was unchanged > at £22 In London,
but declined 10 points to $4 67&<g5 in New
York.
NEW YORK, May 27. — The London tin mar
ket was unchanged for spot, which closed at
£124 lOd, while futures advanced 2s 6d. clos
ing at £126 17b 6d. Locally tin was a shads
lower, closing at $27 65<£27 85. «
Copper wan firmer in London, closing at an
advance of 7« 6d at £50 is s Od for spot and
8s Od for futures, which are quoted at £57,
In the local market copper was quiet. Lake,
13£$i:i 12%; electrolytic, $12 76@13; casting,
512 5O®12 75.
Lead declined Is 3d to £11 11s 3d in Lon
den. but remained unchanged locally at $4 45®
4 50. ' . ¦ .
Nezv York Metal Market.
PEACHES — Are moving out fairly well and
rule firm. Choice are quoted at 7@7*4c; extra
choice. TWfrSc; fancy, 9«,5©10c.
with -the approach of the new season, but
prices are still maintained. Choice are quoted
at 0^@10c; *!xtra choice, lOftSlO'-ic; fancy,
HiSlSc. - - ' • -•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1904.
Contnlued on Pase Fourteen.
General Merchandise. \
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5%c spot' and 3%c Jua«-
WHEAT— The foreign markets " were quiet
and steady. Broomhall cabled that rain was
urgently needed in Hungary and that baaed on
the present outlook the ¦ crop la estimated - at
121.000,000 bushels. against 151,200,000 last
year and a five-year average of • 145,440,000
bushels.
Chicago was «c higher on the day. The
Wheat and Other Grains.
The Siberia brought up rrom Japan $2,935,
550 in sold yen. -,*¦
Silver and Exchange show no change worthy
of note. . -.¦'¦-¦¦
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 85%
Sterling ' Exchange. Bight. — 4 87 £
Sterling Exchange, . cables — ,4 83V5
New York Exchange, sight — 07&
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — . 10 -
Sliver, per ounce:....". .. .* — . 6534
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 ® —
Exchange and Bullion.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
HORSES! fe
On Tuesday. May 31. at 11 o'clock, at J. P.
HORAN'S SALES YARDS, cor. 10th anJ
Bryant tfts., I will sell 165 head of the
choicest young: horses and mares that have
been offered on this market in many a day.
They are solid blocks, weighing from 1000 to
1500, from. 2 to* 7 years old. This la an op-
portunity seldom offered to Intending pur-
chasers to get choice young stock at their
own prices. This sale Is called by- order of
Mr. John Patterson of Reno, Nev., and It is
a well-known fact he has neither spared time
nor exrwinas In selecting th« sires,, and dams
of the young; homes to be disposed of on
next Tuesday to the highest bidder.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
N". B.— I also have 60 head of 2 and 3 year.
old mules and 50 hfad of young mares with
well bred eolts by their sides that I mast
dispose of before June 10. For further par-
ticulars call on or adrtres* S. W ATKINS, office
122 Grove street. Pbone South 20.
L. n. BURD, Auctioneer.
WILL SELL THIS DAY.
728 EDDY ST.. 11 A. It.
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE OF
8-ROOM FLAT.
Also at commencement of sale, a FINE AU-
TOMOBILE.
L. II. BURD. Auctioneer.' Do not wear wax on your mustache.
It is distasteful to others.
The Turks and Armenians are still
fighting.
Graduates Receive Their Diplomas.
VALLEJO, May 27.—The Vallejo
University School Graduates.
Century Hall, 1213 Slitter street, was
filled last night with the friends and
Land of the Midnight Sun, Glaciers
and a thousand islands en route. In
side passage. Seasickness unknown.
The palatial excursion steamer Spokane
will leave Seattle, 9 a. m., June ,7,< 22,
July 6, I!). Auk. 2. 16. For information
apply to Pacific Coast S. S. Co's ticket
offices, 4 New Montgomery st. (Palace
Hotel) and 10 Market st. C. D. Dunann,
General Pass. Agt., San Francisco. ?
Alaska "Excursions Season 1904.
Did you ever reflect that the man who is
constantly perpetrating jokes at the expense
of his fellow man is never ready to take ¦ a
joke himself? This is the case of the man
who is caricatured in* the News Letter. The
publishers give it out cold that their, young
artist,\ Devllinport, Is threatened' with
all the tortures of imagination, on earth and
off of it. if he does not discontinue his pic
tures of a certain Presidential candidate.
The trouble is, there is more ' t rut h ; than
poetry In the News Letter cartoon«\ This
week's issue of that bright weekly is brimful
of clean satirical fun and comment that has
the wholesome quality of flaying alive offend
ers against th« public. « . •
The Man With the Hoe.
One . of the many clever things of
the evening was an address by Miss
Anita Day.
There was a social. given last night
by members of the Art Athenaeum
of the Girls' High School, which was
largely attended. The young and am
bitious artists connected with the
athenaeum pleased as entertainers,
giving vocal selections and a comedy
sketch that was admirably droll.
Those that took a prominent part
in the sketch, entitled "The Sewing
Circle." were Miss Adah LJta Smith,
president; Miss Anita Day, Miss Anita
Alma' Sea, Miss Birdie Asher, Miss
Stella Johnson and Miss Stella Carlyle.
Clement Neuber delighted the audi
ence with his singing and Franz M.
Goldstein, the instructor, directed the
entertainment, which was followed by
a. dance. ¦ ;i«J : .U. : "
Art Athenaeum of the Girls' High
School Deli-sbts 31a ny
Friends. ,
YOUNG PEOPLE
Domestic science course^ — Sara Vivian Bald
win. Ellen Genevleve Cody, Stella Margaret
Marian!. Lily Belle Miller. Edith Grace Nor
ris. Art course — Adeline Maria Daniels, Clara
Elsie Mitchell. Hester Pennlngton. Nellie A.
Van Kuren. Draughting course — Walter
Charles Atthowe, Henry Klrchmann. George
Weelcy Pracy. Commercial course — Meta Doro
thea Bannick, Irene M. Bradley, Mary Jose
phine Dusan. Myrtle Agnes Jackson. Lillian
Catherine Jansen, Mabel F. Kelly. Isabella S.
Laldlaw. Grace Amy Luke. Hazel Frances Mc-
Keon. Carmen Beatrice Schmltz. Junea Wange
man."
Overture, orchestra; vocal solo. Miss Nellie
Van Keuren; recitation. Miss Vivian Bald
win; vocal solo, Miss Stella Marian! ; music,
orchestra: address.. Rev. William Rader; music,
orchestra.
Diplomas were awarded to the fol
lowing named:
The graduating exercises of the
Cogswell Polytechnic College took
place last night in Auditorium Hall in
the college building, corner of Twen
ty-sixth and Folsom streets. An Im
mense throng of parents and friends
was in attendance to enjoy the de
lightful programme that had been ar
ranged for their entertainment. The
address of the Rev. William Rader
upon the subject of education was a
masterly effort and was rewarded by
a storm of applause. Following was
the programme: ,J<,-:>, "¦
Commencement Exercises of Cogswell
' Polytechnic Attract Crowd.
GRADUATES YVIX APPLAUSE.
INJURED BY A FALL. — Jerry Sullivan, a
carpenter residing at 241 Waller street, was
serevely Injured by fallintr from a staging
on a building at Gough and McAllister street
yesterday. In falling he struck projections
which broke two ribs on his left side. It Is
possible he may have received a fracture of
the skull and internal injuries.
To a few he was known as a miser,
and the few that called "old man"
Davis a miser were nearer right than
they knew -f for when the old man
died last April in his room were found
Fecurities? of great value and memor- I
andum showing that he was more than
a millior.cire. He left exactly $1,397,-
ES6 SS.
Julius Reis was Davis' one friend.
To him he left the care of his estate.
He named him executor of his will, a
document written in a rambling and
disconnected manner and cc-ntaining
nothing but the mere announcement
that it was his will and that he desired
Ilels to act as executor. The docu
ment did not dispose of a dollar of his
¦wealth, nor name any one of his three
relatives, an aged sister, Jane Davis,
an incompetent, who gets, under the
la w, one-half c-f the estate, .and a
nephew and a niece, who divide the
othfcr half.
It is Reis* report as special adminis
trator of the estate of the recluse that
Fhows its sxeat value. It was filed yes
terday. It 5ho\vs that Davis had stor
ed away 545.000 in <;afh. Market street
railway bonds worth 5127.000; Sacra
mento levee bonds -vorth $25,000; bonds
«f the Spring Valley Water Works
worth 1103,000; bonds issued by Sacra
mfnt'i County worth S10.000; bonds of
the Park and CliJT House Railway
Company worth $35,000; United States
r*nds. drawing 5 per cent Interest,
worth 5130,000; secured promissory
notes for ? 4 0.000. and English consols,
bearing interest at 4 per cent, worth
ct» least $60,000. In addition to these
Ft'curities he lert realty of value and
papers showing that he was the owner
of stock in large corporations, both
Iffcal and foreign.
For more than twenty years Samuel
l>avis lived the life ot a hermit in a
email, dingy room on California street.
He. visited no one and lived in such
a frugal manner that to those that
•watched his rare appearances outside
of his room he soon became known as
a recluse.
0. Dead limbs of fallen timber may be
used for fuel for domestic purposes and
for camp fires.
10. The defacement of trees by carvlngr the
names of visitors or otherwise and the plac
ing or painting upon rocks, trees or other
prominent objects, of advertisements, will be
regarded as a serious misdemeanor. The
commission earnestly solicits the co-operation
of those who entertain sentiments of venera
tion ' for the f orcBt In the enforcement § ot
this rule. . , ZMtmM,
- 8. The privilege of rlshing In the streams
of the park will . be granted under the di
rection of the Warden.
C. When horses are kept at the camps,
their owners . must make such disposition of.
the straw and offal as the Warden of the
park may require.
7. Visitors are requested to register their
names with the Warden.
4. Permission to camp In the park may be
obtained from the Warden, but such per
mission will carry with it such location only
as may be desijnated by the Warden, and
camps may be maintained only' under the rules
prescribed by that officer. No visitor shall
be permitted to build any fire except In the
camping ground described in his permit.
6. All campers will be required to preserve
the prescribed sanitary regulations around
camp grounds.
1. The park shall be open to visitors, who
shall be cubject to the rules governing the
park, and to such direction as may be given
by the Warden.
2. No visitor will be allowed to carry fire
arms within the limits of the park.
3. Ko dogs'- will be permitted within the
park llmitH.
—^Thousands of visitors will be in the
Big Basin Park during the summer.
A stage line is already in operation
from Boulder Creek. A road Is in con
struction from Santa Cruz. This is the
first open season. Visitors will. come
from all sections. The rules for the
guidance of the public are here pub
lished for general information, as fol
lows:
The Commissioners of the Big Basin
Park have just issued a set of rules
to protect the State's new pleasure
ground in Santa Cruz County that has
been opened this season to the general
public. Dangers from fire and the
ravages of vandalism are always pos
sible. The Commissioners have chosen
to warn in mild terms the people that
visit the S3ig Basin Park and- have ap
pealed to them to co-operate in the
preservation of the venerable forest
that has existed for thousands of
years. The defacement of trees by
carving upon them initials and the
placing or painting of advertisements
on trees or rocks in the park will be
regarded as a serio\is misdemeanor to
be dealt with severely.
The committee on rules consists of
Wliliam H. Mills and H. F. Kron.
One paragraph reminds all -persons
that the park belongs to the State and
that they therefore have an interest
in its preservation. "It is the desire of
the commission," so it is set forth,
"that all visitors shall be granted the
utmost freedom .consistent with the
preservation of the park in its natural
state and its protection from fire. It
is also highly desirable that the birds
and animals found in the park shall
be treated with such indifference and
kindness as to accustom them to the
presence of man, to the end that a
condition of semi-domestication shall
ensue."
George F. Fehd is seeking a divorce
from Frances Fehd because, he • says,
her temper is such that he cannot live
with her. He says also that she thinks
so little of him that she has taught
their two children to treat him disre
spectfully.
Superior Judge Lennon of Marin
County, sitting for Judge F. H. Kerri
gan, yesterday issued an order restrain
ing Johnson G. Newsom of the Elkus-
Brenner Company from disposing of his
interest In the firm pending the trial of
the suit for divorce brought against
him by Mary Newsom. Judge Lennon
also issued an order directing Newsom
to appear before Judge Kerrigan next
Friday to show cause why he should
not^ay his wife 575 a month alimony
pending her suit, $25 costs of court and
$250 for counsel fees.
A suit for divorce for desertion was
filed by 'Ray Gossner against W. F.
Gossner. . ."* '¦'•!'.' -'.I '
The motion of Philip Kohn, the the
atrical man. for a transfer to Marin
County of the suit for maintenance
brought against him by Estella Kohn,
his wife, was heard by Judge Seawell
yesterday and continued for two weeks.
An affidavit by Kohn containing his
sworn statement that he is a resident
of Marin County was read, as was also
one .by , Mrs. Kohn, in which she de
clared that Kohn resides In this city.
Judge Seawell did not feel capable of
determining which affidavit contained
the truth, eo he put the matter over to
enable the parties to produce sufficient
evidence to enable him to determine in
which county Kohn does reside.
Judge Heawell yesterday set aside the
decree of divorce obtained from Soren
Peter Xielsen by Bessie Nielsen last
February, stipulating, however, that
Nielsen pay $100 to the attorney that
conducted Mrs. Neilsen's case. The
setting aside of interlocutory decrees of
divorce is now almost a common prac
tice. It 'has the effect of restoring to
the status of married persons couples
who after securing a decree desire to
become reconciled.
The voyage upon the sea of matri
mony undertaken by Luis Herrera and
Lidia F. Herrera was very short. They
were married May 8 of last year, and
just seven days later their bark found
ered. In other words, according to the
complaint'for divorce filed by Herrera.
his wife left him just a week after
their wtoding.
Another Manila romance has found
Its way into the divorce court. James
Francis Finlay has sued Mabel Flor
ence Finlay for divorce for desertion,
alleging that she left him five months
after their marriage at Manila, in Sep
tember, 1901.
Ora Leary, daughter of Mrs. Ida
Hawk of 2311 -parkin street, was only
13 years and 6 months old when in 1898
she became the wife of Frederick
James Leary. She lived with him for a
year and a half and then left him. and
now she wants the marriage annulled
because, she says, when she became hi3
wife she did so without the consent of
her mother.
Samuel Davis Lives Life of
Eecluse and Dies Leaving
Fortune of $1,397,586 88
Ora Leary Tires of Man She
Wedded When but Little
•More Than a Schoolgirl
State Commissioners Provide
Regulations for Visitors
to Most Ancient of Trees
Petitions in insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District
Court as follows: Henry D. Frazee.
clerk, Santa Rosa, liabilities $1521. no
assets; W. B. Perry, laborer. Grass
Valley, liabilities $332, no assets.
$1CO Rupture Cure for $10 by Hunter. 1208
Market «t. Send for circular. *
Petitions in Insolvency.
A. Gray. Emma L. Noonan. '
Recommended to the State Board of Educa
tion for State Normal School documents — Mis»
Mattie H. Read. Miss Annie Whltley;
School Directors Recommend a Large
Number of Pedagogues for State
Life Diplomas.
The Board of Education yesterday
granted the following certificates to
teachers:
High School— Miss Flora B. Weffer, Miss
Adrlana Spadonl. Miss Marion A. Kendall and
Miss Grace Sullivan.
Gramar school — Mis? Louise- E. Hayes and
MIh? Elizabeth F. Sullivan.
Primary certificate — Mian Eliza L. West.
Grammar arrade certificates — Misses Violet
E. Nixon, Mary L. O"Laughlln, Madeline
Weill Florence E. Barrlnjrton, Roue Caahman,
Marie Gtary. Teresa Sullivan. Mary A.
Owens Elizabeth T. Holmes. Grace G. Robin
son, Adelaide Lewis. Maud Hart. Alice Chal
mers, Hstelle Weishelmer, Margaret McCarthy.
Jeannette Doyle, Emma L. Madden. William
High school certlflca'te — Miss Marie Mc-
Kinley.
Special certificates renewed — Cookery. Mary
L. Coyle; architectural drawing, John J. Mc-
Henry: mechanical drawing, W. J. Drew.
Kindergarten prln-ary certificates— Misses
Corinne Gyle. Ebba Johnson. Mabel L. Reed.
Cecilia A. Daly. • ' ,.. t
Permaner.t high school certificate — MIs3
Sophia. A. Hobe. •
Recommend«d to the State Board of Educa
tion for grammar" schocl life diplomas — Miss
Christie Corlett. Mrs. L. S\ Eisner. Miss Edith
M. Culln, Mi*s Annette Mrs. JT>sie
"Recommended to the State Board of Educa
tion for sorclal life diplomas of the grammar
school grade — Penmanship. Pedro A. Esplna;
manual training, C. H. Thorpe.
Recommended to the State Board of Educa
tion for State University document — Misses
Adeline B. Croyland. Purle Bottomes Athearn.
Georgiana G. Hawkins. Etta McCue. May E.
A dinner without Hills Bros.' Arabian
Roast is only a luncheon. •
HERMIT SAVES
TO BUY BONDS
MARRIES YOUNG,
THEN REPENTS
RULES PROTECT
THE BIG BASIN
BOARD GRANTS 3IANY
TEACHERS' CERTIFICATES
High School held Its thirty-first an
nual commencement exercises at the
Farragut Theater this evening. The
graduates are: Emma M. Steffan,
George Roe Jr., James J. Dineen. Lil
lian C. Steffan, Inez H. Farmer, Nel
lie A. Woolridge, Hazel Denio, Ru
dolph C. Greuttner, Albert Casper and
Ara O. Bruegge. .
On next Tuesday, May 31. will take
place the graduating exercises of the
State Normal School.
and a song of response by the grad
uates. Miss Julia Blgley presided and
the evening closed with dancing and
refreshments.
HOLD ANNUAL EXERCISES.
Yerba Bucna Graduates Receive Their
Diplomas and Give Reception.
The graduation exercises of the
eighth grade of the Yerba Buena I
Grammar School, which is also one of j
the training departments of the State j
Normal School, were held yesterday |
afternoon. President Frederick Burk j
of the State Normal School led the ex
ercises, ¦ and the room was crowded
with relatives and friends. The pro
gramme consisted of songs by the |
class, a flag drill, a class quartet, to- j
gether with a solo by Miss Frances I
Brantwein and a class prophecy by j
Miss Lillian Niggles. Two interesting
cssaj's were read, "A Trip to Wash
ington," by William Peterson, and "A j
Trip to Honolulu," by Miss Frieda j
Klein. The diplomas were awarded j
by Henry G. W. Dinkelspiel. . j
The list of graduates is as follows:
Miss Gladys Bennett. John Perry, Miss Fran
ces Brantweln, William Peterson. Edward Pe
terson, Frank Chan. Alfred Levy, Ben Levy,
Miss Jessie Verleger, Charles. Schenk, Lorla
Dlckman and Miss Frleea Klein.
Last night a reception was given by
the students to the graduates at Cotil
lion Hall. A musical programme was
furnished, including a song of fare
well composed by the students and
sung by twenty of the j young ladies.
In the evening the California School
of Mechanical Arts threw open its
workshops and the public was given a
chance, which it willirvgfy accepted, to
Inspect the work of the students. All
the departments— the blacksmith shop,
the carpenter shop and the woodwork
shop— were thronged, while the girls'
¦Oepartments of cookery, millinery and
dressmaking proved particularly inter
esting.'
Graduating exercises at the Califor
nia School of Mechanical Arts will take
place next Tuesday evening.
The donor of the prize was Regent
Taussig, who presented an order for
Gibson to receive a box of tools, to
cost $20. ,
Certificates were granted to the fol
lowing, named students who have left
the school during the last year after an
attendance of more than two years and
less than four:
Charles L. Ayr»s, architecture, San Fran
cisco; Fred John Berff, architecture, San Fran
cisco; Lrfmis Edward Davis, architecture, Oak
land, Alameda County; Byron Lee Eastman,
architecture, Oakland, Alameda Oounty;
Beverly Fisher,' architecture, San Francisco;
Ijfu C. Fontaine, woodearvingr, Portervllle,
Tulare County; Henry Gendottl. forgework, San
Francisco; 'William Gercke, bricklaying, San
Francisco; Jotham Gould. ¦ modeling. Solcdad,
Montrrey County; Edgar Wayland Hart, archi
tecture, San Francisco; George Lagarde, wood
carving. San Francisco; Leonard Morse,
cabinet-making, San Francisco; John S.
Smith, architecture, San Francisco; Ellard B.
Whitney, plumbing. San Francisco.
Professor Merrill announced that a
member of the committee on Wilmerd
ing school had given a prize ev^ry
year to the highest graduate and that
this year Theodore Gibson would re
ceive the prize.
Following is a list of the graduates
who received their diplomas from Re
gent Taussig: . t,
Course In cabinet-making — Theodore Gibson,
San Francisco; Robert Wiltshire Saunders,
Keno. Nevada. Course In forgework — Albert
Christenstn. San Francisco; William Tllford
Shuey. Haywards, Alamcda County. Course In
woodcarving— Bertram Kenelm Ldtle. Oakland.
Technical course of architectural drawing —
Russell S. Chadbourne, San Francisco; Ernst
Charleston. San Francisco; Mott M. Marston,
Alameda. \
He declared that he would never be
happy until the university extension
has spread to that part of the city
where the Wilmerding school is situ
ated.
In England, he said, the university
extension reached the great, center of
those engaged in mechanical occupa
tion.
Professor Stephens paid the Wil
merding school a high compliment, for
he recognized the endeavor of the di
rectors and the staff to turn out skill
ed workmen.
With kindly words to the students
Professor Stephens brought his ad
dress to a close with a Quotation from
Rudyard Kipling appropriate to his
subject.
He then spoke of the "skilled" and
•^unskilled workman," professional and
artisan, and said that it was not a
matter of the work turned out, but
was entirely a question of skill.
Whether physician or lawyer, the
work of the unskilled is perceptibly a
failure, while the work of the skilled
meets its reward: and the same con
ditions and recognition faced those that
work by hand.
All skilled workmen, he . said, are
bound together and their business is
to strike out against the unskilled, to
recognize the great bond in good work.
•The unskilled man, he said, does not
enjoy Mis labor and whatever enjoy
ment he gets he seeks, in the saloon,
but the skilled workman watches and
sees the work grow under his hand to
per'ect completion with a pride and
enjoyment. : • . !
Professor Stephens spoke in terms of
eulogy of the system placing such
schools as the Wilmerding under the
supervision of the Regents of the Uni
versity of California. The American
university extends itself, he said,
through the university extension to
the agricultural districts, and alluding
to the extension work he had been
carrying on here, he said he believed
that the university work should go to
those of the city of San Francisco who
could not attend the university.
COMPLIMENTS SCHOOL.
Professor Stephens resented the cus
tom of the artisan to arrogate to him
self, and himself alone, the title of
"workman," since, as the professor put
it. all men that are skillful workers,
both in the -professions and in the
trades, are in the true sense of the
term "workingmen."
He offered Mr. Taussig and himself
as examples of "workingmen." The
word "workingman," he considered,
was put to evil use. There could be
no happiness here, he said, unless they
all realized that they belonged to the
same grade and the same group.
ALJj ARE WORKIXGMEX.
Professor Stephens chose for his sub
ject the labor of hand and the labor
of brain and showed by careful analy
sis that there was not a particle of
difference between the man that works
as an artisan and the man that works
in the professions.
A vocal selection was splendidly ren
dered by Miss Pauline M. Grant, who
was compelled to respond to an encore,
and then Regent Taussig Introduced
Professor Henry Morse Stephens, who
was accorded a hearty welcome.
If it wrre practicable I should certainly be
with the boyn of the Wilmerdlng. for the
State feels that the work being done at the
school Is of the utmost Importance to the
State. Therefore, as Governor and as a lover of
th« boys, I would be more than glad to tell
th<» Wilmerdins students how much wo all
think of them and the school.
Governor Pardee wrote as follows:
The graduating exercises of the Wi!
merding School of Industrial Arts were
held yesterday morning. Regent Ru
dolph J. Taussig, chairman of the Wil
merdlngr School committee, presided
and with him on the platform were
Professor Henry Morse Stephens 'and
George A. Merrill, B. S., director of the
school.
The students took position on either
side of the platform and after Dr.
Robert Whitaker, pastor of the Twen
ty-third Baptist Church, Oakland, had
delivered an earnest invocation, the
Lick orchestra, under the direction of
Percy E. Cecil, surprised the audience
with the excellence and evenness of its
playing.
Regent Taussig then read a letter of
regret ¦ from Governor Pardee, who
found it impossible to be present as he
had intended. ..
relatives of the graduates of the class
made a few Introductory remarks, and
the commencement exercises began
of 1904 of the University School, 2310 (
Clay street. Principal George Bate3 1
with a piano solo by Allan Bier, con- ¦
tinulngr with the I following essays: j
"War vs. Arbitration," Henry B. Milla;
"American Government in the Philip
pines," . Jesse "W. Lilienthal Jr. The
other graduates were Richard O'D. j
Buckley, Fred Wollenberg and Rich- 1
mond B. Young. The intermission was !
pleasantly filled by a piano solo by Miss !
Cecile Cowles, a pupil of Hugo Mans- j
feldt. ." i
* ¦ ¦ ¦ / ;¦ ¦ r
Professor Henry Morse Stephens Addresses Graduates ot
Wilmerding School and Holds That Professional. Man .Is
as Much/Entitled to Be Called Workman as the Artisan
HAND AND BRAIN WORK
LEARNED MAN'S TOPIC
HALE'S.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, • SATURDAY, MAY 28, 19^
16
The Hale Stores Will Be Closed Monday, Memorial Day.
Black Taffeta Ribbons 20c.
For Holiday Bows.
Here's.the best.quality we've offered; so heavy it stands
right up when tied into one of those big bows, and so bright t
gives them a lpvely appearance; 4 inches wide. \\ hy not _ put
I touch of it on your hat? We'll tie it for you, ready to tack on
We will make them into hair .hows for you or Fifth avenue bows
without charge. -
Women's Wash Skirts 50c Silk Gloves 35c.
Linen ones are as 'And Others.
dressy as a cloth skirt. They're -\\r^i~ nm *> news
man tailored, with the same swing Welcome Saturday n«w».
and dash and style as the cloth For what woman doesn t
skirt, and they fit as well, too. At wan t a pair of fabric gloves for
the bottom are six and sometimes summer ?. (Maybe they will
eight rows of stitching: $3-95. $5-oo, summer. W^ _?
$675. Here are even a few pure have two or three pairs now
linen skirts and some white piques that they don't have to pay
at $1:50. more than 35c.)
And some bourettes, crash and ?^ rw*«! -j-c
covert ones, mostly self-trimmed The Silk Gloves, 3 3 C
with straps and braid; 95c and $»» :^^%S°lffS^fl
Wash SkirtS at 75c. can fit any one in sizes from 5 to *—
Coverts and duck, blue and white 35c - ' ' ' .
polka dots; also a pretty cloth in blue «phe Lisle Gloves, 35C.
£w ?£?h "eiSfi They're a good, firm mesh. wi«z Me
few crash ones— >ac. thread palms. 2-cIasp fasteners; grrays.
I «.!« Mam+ot'c Cnmnnc modes, whites and blacks; sizes 5b to
Lola iVlontez s ramous 7%# A 60c quality— 35c.
$1.00 Complexion Lotion Other Lisle Gloves, 35c.
9c r Rnttlp> Two-clasp, plain ones, with Paris
XOC DOlUCi point backs, good fitting, good wearing
Otherwise known as "Elixir of gloves; grays, modes, whites and
Lilies." Wonderfully refreshing blacks; 5V 2 to T%— 35c.
and perfectly harmless. Now that . _,. in- «
you want something to withstand fllXed CaHOieS lUC ID
the wind, the salt water and the an( j
sun, comes this fine chance to have -,
it and pay only 25c. French Creams Zbc id
To-Day a Special White Buy your holiday candies to-
Damask Towel 5c. da g- u , w . . h^
There, get a dozen for the sum- Buy them at Hale s , where
mer. Get them to-day. you will get a good quality and
Every one is hemmed and with p av Jess.
red borders; size 15 to 27', only Broken m j xed ; s the same pure!
100. dozen. Will they go around? " kind that selIs usua n y at I5c -
Yama-Mai Silk J^OC. Th^French creams are hand-
The best little-priced silk 011 made, including chocolates and
, . -" , L o , bonbons; a choice assortment'
the American market, bo good indeed. 25c lb.
its makers have arranged a con- 0 ~ "~~
test in which to get it more ***%$? 4$£*&4tEZ
widely known. 53 prizes. Par- J$ j$J^®*'*Q**&*j£E8£ \
ticulars at the silk counter. -^ZZ&omn *****^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$30,000 STOCK
FINE COMMERCIAL STATIONERY
RETAILED AT COST.
Retiring from the stationery business.
Priming. Bookbinding. Lithographing
and Telegraphic Code Departments will
continue as heretofore.
At .•'.Ot; California M. \
JOHN PARTRIDGE.
/\o I illVlZ\ n ? oved - Utlkilh '•«ow*.
r%\s ¦ lll'iriKo mor» A»thoa-» or Hay
PIIPFH SSK *
MARKS BROS.
ADXTES.TiaT.firF.TJTS.
HALE'S.
•¦¦¦¦^ ...
fv^\ Children and young men demand about the same
\^J quality in their garments as older people. The young
Jfc^s^ people appreciate style, fit and quality as well as any-
f rf/Av body * At Brown ' s ever y child ' s garment receives the
lj \ / Ws\ same care^ uI tailoring and workmanship as do the
V^ i I V/ men's clothes.
' . " W !p Wash Suits Young Men's
A Made in madras, mercerized ollltS
LJ\ 1 linens, imported chambrays, ;
n Bedford cords, washable Long P*nts suits Made
\ silks, duck and piques, Guar- in latest style and cut.
r L anteed to wash. Fancy tweeds, and cheviots.
d^ ft Single and double breasted;
gfd Jj\ Sailor style, 3 to 10 years, f rom
Norfolk SllitS Russian Blouse style, 2% 3b £ ©^O t
— — — — — to 6 years, from 75c •>
In grayish and brown mix-
tures. "All wooL Pants lined Grown up folks have a way of saying that children
throughout. A dressv and are n3rd on c i ot hes; but no mother says that about her
durable boy's suit. 8 to 16 children when they wear Brown's clothes. The children
> rears - may be just as hard on the clothes, but the clothes don't
*J show it — that's the beauty about our children's garments;
w^) prices — you'll. need a microscope to find 'em.
$l,00' tf7 S /t£ 50c
Automobile Veils. Hemstitched Border,
3 yards long, all colors, a rare Cfi n
value at ... OU( '
25c LACE HOSE 17c
Women's A/lover Lace Hose,
in a neat shell pattern; fast black.
HERE IT IS!
The Opportunity ot the Season
Shirt Waist Suit of Madras Suitings-
Graceful. Flaring . Skirt below the Hip-
Trimmed with Tailor Stitched straps-
Waist trimmed to correspond— Long,
Full Dip Front - Attractive Full Sleeves
—Pretty droop about the wrist.
25c WOMEN'S VESTS I5c
Low Neck. Sleeve/ess Vests, trim- 1 fZp
med in lace; all colors; special ' ** **
25c RIBBONS I4c
Heavy Taffeta.highly lustrous wash 1Af%
\ Ribbons, 4>2 in. wide; special, yd * "**
I5C COLLARS 7c
The latest conceit in Bulgarian Tab Col-
lars, richly embroidered, on Eta- y-,
mine Cloth; washable; special at * J£
v Monday Being Decoration Day,
Closed All Day.
OPEN TO-NIGHT UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK.
MARK^BROS.
The Home of, Honest Values,
1220-1222-1224 Market Street
I p^t Wg vj? §
I JL More Good Tea JI 1
I More Good Coffee I
I More Good Spices I
| More Coupons \
I More Pretty Premiums!
I a Watch Our q I
I W Prices Talk. > H I
I i It Pays to Trade J $
H Great American Importing Tea Co's |
I Stores a
B 861 Market 210 Grant ave. 1419 Polk j
¦ 140 Sixth 1819 Derisadero 705 Lvkin H
51 475 Haiffht 3006 Sixteenth 355 Hayes ff
B S2S5 Mission 521 Moktcr'y are. 62 Market M
H 2003 Fillmore 251G Mission 146 Ninth H
B 366 Third 469 Fourth 2732j4thj|
rMKlVCKO' ;!
nAIK ;!
Balsam ;
J Promotes the grcmtk of the hair and ', '
<| glTesItthelostre andrtlfrTneasoiyonta. ; ',
!> VTtca tbo fttur Is gray or faded t& ;
j; BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOfL '• j
I 1 It prevents Dandruff and hair fantr^ J
i and keeps the scalp clean and healthy. J !
LUNDSTROM
Straws, as well as Felts, are the
leaders. A fine line of up-to-date
straws, at $2.50. Some good $5.00
Panamas and stylish $3.50 Porto
Ricans. Sec us for hats.
PACIFIC COAST
HAT WORKS,
1458 MARKET STREET,
<Opnosite Cftitral Theater).
And 605 KEARNY STREET.