Continued on Page 2, Column 5,
Filipino Insurrectionist Is Captured by
Constabulary and Sentenced
to a Term at Guam.
MANILA. May 29. — Ricarte, the for
mer Filipino leader, has been captured
by constabulary and sent to Guam In
exile. He was the % instigator of an
uprising at .Vigan in February last, .
BICARTE, THE REBEL
LEADER, IS BAXLSHED
correspondent at^ Chumbi; India, says
the British expedition oh May 26, ; after
a fight of eleven hours,, expelled the
Tibetans from '> the .village . of Palla,
close to the British camp at Gyangtse.
A British lieutenant and three natives
were' killed , and three officers ¦ and nine
men were, wounded." . ; '
. The ; Tibetans suffered heavily - and
thirty-seven of them were taken prison
ers.' ¦ ' . ', . .'.' : ' ' "" "¦¦} ' ¦* ":;
Palla is a walled stronghold, from
which the Tibetans started building
works with a view to outflanking the
British position
Younghusband's Force Defeats Na
• tives, Who Had Isolated the ¦
Gyangtse Camp. -
LONDON. May SO.— The Daily, Mail's
BRITISH ROUT TIBETANS ,^ ;
, AFTER STUBBORN FIGHT
Boiler- Makers Beaten at Xisht.
SAN BERNARDINO, May 29.— The
'strike situation is growing ; less mo
notonous in .this .city. Following, an
unsuccessful of^the .strikers
to, induce the merchants^ to stop sell
ing , goods ,; to - strike ' breakers. , two
boiler-makers, from' the stockade were
set ; upon j and -'beaten : by fifteen": men
this morning shortly after midnight.
ty is expected to do the same. In Los
Angeles County both sides will en
deavor to secure the declaration of the
convention, but it is probable that no
instructions will be Issued here.'
San: Bernardino County is now be
ing' canvassed by agents of both as
pirants to the Senatorship, but with
what result Is not known. At present
It appears that Southern California as
a whole will not present a solid front
with reference to the Senatorship. and
the choice "may therefore depend upon
the action of legislators chosen from
districts in the central' and northern
portions of the StaU,
Steamship Itoselll Founders and All
Efforts to Float Her
Are Futile
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 29. — The
British steamer Roselll, having on
board forty-five laborers from the
United Fruit Company's plantation,
went ashore off Port Royal last night
•while on her way to Bocas del Toro.
Costa Rica, and up to the present time
all efforts to float her have proved
futile. - The vessel lies in an exposed
position.
ENGLISH VESSEL GOES
ASHORE AT PORT ROTAI,
It Is said that this course will be
taken should France decline to exer
cise the pressure which Secretary Hay
believes she should and ' if the nego
tiations for the release of the captives
fail. *i ' ':¦'
- The Washington officials are. con
vinced that it would be useless and
foolish to try to capture the bandits
with anything but mounted troops fa
miliar with mounaln conditions, and
if an American force is sent to Morocco
to' attempt to rescue Perdicaris and
his stepson and to • punish the brigands
it will be a detachment of cavalry.
Should. American interest in Tangier
be imperiled In any way as a result of
complications growing out of the cap
ture of Perdicarls, it; may become nec
essary to land marines from the Amer
ican . man' of war no # w on the way
thither. This contingency, however,
has " not been seriously considered by
the' administration. ->as ; there has been
no evidence • that such a step will be
necessary. WBEB&EBH&f&Bli&i^mR,
WASHINGTON. May 29.— High ad
ministration officials are considering
the question of sending a force of cav
alry across the Atlantic to co-operate
with the Moorish Sultan's troops In
hunting down the bandits who kid
naped Perdicarls, an American sub
ject, and his British stepson, Varley.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Young Zuber had read of the feats
of Steve Brodie and was ambitious to
win fame as a high diver. He selected
the highest point from which to make
the leap and his body shot into the
water with a great splash.
In addition to the bruises he sus
tained about the face and body, he
Is suffering from < concussion of the
brain and the attending. physician en
tertains slight hopes for his recovery.
DUBUQUE, May 29.— Charles Zu
ber, aged 19 years, in a feat of daring
Jumped from the highest point on
Eagle Point bridge, connecting Iowa
and Wisconsin, into the Mississippi
River to-day, and is hovering between
lire and death.
Iowa Lad Jumps From a High Bridge
and Is Severely ' '¦'¦'
Injured.
TRIES A STEVE BRODIE
FEAT AXD MAY DIE
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTOX.
WASHINGTON. May 29.— If the last
two months of .the fiscal year 1904
keep up the pace set by the first ten
months, all records for exports oC man
ufactures^ from the United States to
foreign countries will be broken.
| The export figures for the first ten
months of the fiscal year 1904. as pre
sented by the Bureau of Commerce
and Labor, exceed, those of any year
In the history of the nation. The man
ufactured exports in the full fiscal
year 1900 totaled $433,351,736. Should
the present excess of 1904 over 1900
continue during the remaining two
months of the year. It would brins the
grand total of the exports of the man
ufacturers up to $430,000,000.
The total value of manufacturers'
exports reported in ten months ending
with April 1904, was $371,712,301. against
$352,571,206 In the same period of the
fiscal vear 1900. _
Imports of manufacturers' raw ma
terial also made a very satisfactory
showing, the grand total being in the
ten months ending with April. 1904,
$267,334,221. against $275,641,687 In the
ten months of last year.
Epectal Dispatch to The Call.
'Blackmailers Wreck Houses of Italian
Merchants and Families Have
Narrow Escape.
NEW YORK, May 29.— Having: re
fused to pay $500 demanded by a band
of blackmailing bandits, two prosper
ous Italian business men, Antony Bar
tollotto and Andrew de Fiore, with
members of their families narrowly
escaped death to-day. The house In
which they lived, as well as that in
•which was located their store, was de
molished by dynamite. Although a
• bomb of the most Improved pattern
xrss used, it is believed by the police
that a premature explosion saved the
lives of those threatened. Four other
fully loaded 1 but unexploded bombs
¦weie found In the street near by.
DYNAMITE USED WHEN
TRIBUTE IS DENTED
LOS ANGELES, May 29.— Henry T.
Oxnard's announcement that his name
will be presented to the next Legisla
ture for the United States Senatorship
has not come as a surprise. It was
not needed to inform the public of
Oxnard's aspirations. In fact, in var
ious counties in this section of the
State his campaign had been launched
months ago and workers in his Interest
have been sounding prospective candi
dates of the Legislature. This work
has been guardedly done, however,
and the Oxnard workers have been
careful not to take any action which
would in any manner compromise their
candidate or make It impossible for
him to withdraw if so desired. What
encouragement these workers have re
ceived cannot . now be stated, but it
has been " sufficient to precipitate the
announcement which Mr. Oxnard made
yesterday. From now on there will be
no doubt as to his position, and he will
make an open fight 1 throughout South
ern California, 'in which he has enlist
ed the services of some of the most
astute politicians in this section.
When asked for a further expression
upon the subject, Mr. Oxnard said that
his official announcement incorporated
all that he had to "say at present. He
added that he ' believes the people
know his views upon the great ques
tions which are now before the public
and which have to do with such offices
as that to which he aspires. His an
nouncement carries with it the state
ment, that he will use all honorable
means to secure the support of a ma
jority In the Legislature, but the work
in that; direction will be done more by
his friends - than by any active can
vas made by himself.
Despite his seeming reluctance to en
ter. an open : fight for the office which
he has held, the name of Senator* Bard
will also be presented to the Legisla
ture. There will be a spirited contest
over, the matter In Ventura County, the
home of .; Bard, where ¦'. Oxnard ' has his
most;' important -California Interests.
Riverside County has declared une
quivocally for t Bard and- Orange Coun-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Washington. Plans
for Capture of;
Bandits.
Year's Exports Will
Break Previous
Records.
Bard's Name Will
Go to the Leg*
islature.
'.'Tammany, \being- bound *by t the" unit
rule, will* vo^e , for -Judge- Parker in St.
Louis, but not until after it has warned
the"; convention that -.its delegates are
acting? against their <own - Judgment
and that Judge Parker, being [ the can
didate of ' the Republican ' counties -of
New .York State, is not* the ;cholce of
the ¦ Democrats ;of the : State and : will
be ; a ; weak man in the * great . ".Demo
crat >. strongholds' below Harlem ; Riv
er.*; •..•.";.¦ . . ¦ • -j-.i
. Meanwhile the secret of Murphy's
hurried trip to New York Friday has
become known. From unquestioned
sources comes a report that one of the
representatives of a great corporation
upon which Murphy has been relying
for, support sent word to him on
Wednesday that,; in his opinion, the
time had arrived for Murphy to cease
his war upon Parker's candidacy, and
that unless the opposition of .Tammany
was checked Murphy "might lose the
leadership.". Murphy lost no time in
going to New. York, where he pleaded
in vain : for a free hand, pointing out
that : the . nomination of Parker meant
the "disruption of Tammany- and the
end of his own career.
Convinced * that his former 'ally , ? "was
not to be moved, he returned here, and
made ¦¦ public part of a, letter, charging
August, Belmont with -using the lobby
of 'a railroad company in the South to
force several States to instruct 'the
delegates to the National , Convention
for Parker. A ' „
Murphy '¦¦ caused the following. state
ment'of his ¦attitude , to be given, out
to-night by one of his trusted ¦ lieuten
ants: "¦ " ;:' • .i ., ' ">¦.¦.¦.' ''.'.:¦•¦. ,"vV."' >*._ ¦'¦
Murphy spent considerable time to
day with Charles V. Fornes, president
of the . board ' of aldermen, who would
in the event of Mayor McClellan's
nomination become Mayor of New
York. That he succeeded in obtaining
sufficient pledges from Fornes to\go
ahead with his plans is evident.
ATLANTIC CITY, May 29.— Beset on
every hand by dangers which threaten
seriously his prestige with a crew he
does not trust, and with the roar of
the breakers which threaten to dis
rupt his organization and end his ca
reer as leader of Tammany Hall
growing louder day . by day, Charles
F. Murphy is determined to stake all
upon a last stand for Mayor McClel
lan as his candidate for the Presiden
tial nomination. ...
Will Risk Leadership of Tammany to
Defeat Parker.
MURPHY STAKES AIAj.
PROMINENT CALIFORNIA!* "WHO
PEEKS UNITED STATES SENA
TORSHIP.
AMERICA'S
TRADE FAST
INCREASING
MAY SEND
CAVALRY TO
MOROCCO
The combined capital of all the com
panies under negotiation is more than
J300.000.000 and the copper output an
nually is more than 400.000,000 pounds.
This is out of a round total of 700,000,000
pounds annually.
Conferences on the project are being
held daily and hard work is being done
day and night to harmonize conflicting
interests, daily" reports being made to
26 Broadway, the headquarters of the
Standard Oil-Amalgamated clique.
The deal does not include the Calu
rr.ri and Hecla companies, but Includes
all the other principal lake properties.
An alliance between the Amalga
mated, Senator Clark and the Phelps,
Dodge & Co. interests In Arizona is al
ready t>ractically assured. A $16,000,000
company will buy out Heinze, a $50,000,
000 company the lake jiroperties and a
third company of $40,000,000 will take
the Southwestern interests. The Amal
gamated will then increase its capital
to $200,000,000 to take over the subsidi
ary companies.
BOSTON. May 29. — Negotiations are
under way here, with Thomas W. Law
son and other copper magnates as the
intermediaries, for a gigantic combina
tion of the leading copper properties of
America, as a greater amalgamated
company.
The deal is to include all of the Amal
gamated Copper properties, the United
Copper Company, all of the leading
Utah properties, including the Utah
Consolidated, the Bingham and the
\ United States Mining; the Green Con
solidated, the Shannar, the United
Verde, the Old Dominion and the
Phelps, Dodge & Co. properties of Ari
zona, with other big scattered mines in
California, Washington and British Co
lumbia.
EpecUl Di5j»tch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Hay 30.— Seven freight
and coal piers of the Delaware, Lack
awanna and Western Railroad in Jer
sey City were destroyed to-day by a
fire that started on the barge 'Allen C.
Churchill, which lay alongside Pier No.
12, on which a lot of barrels of oil were
stored. The lose is estimated at $1,000,
000. The flames spread rapidly. Pier
No. 12 was 800 feet long and was soon
ablaze its entire length, and the fire
men who were trying to fight the fire
from the shore were able to accomplish
but little. The flames swept across to
Pier No. 11 and beyond, being finally
checked at Pier No. 5, which is a new
coal trestle, steel framed and iron clad.
•Here the firemen and fireboats made a
desperate stand and stayed the ad
vance of the fire until the burning
piers crumbled and fell into the water.
Although there was little wind, sparks
fell all along the water front for near
ly a mile, endangering the Lackawan
na station and even the Hamburg-
American and Bremen Line piers,
where the firemen were kept busy
playing streams of water upon build
ings and over ships at their docks.
A number of canal boats and several
tugs were burned, the loss of small
boats being variously estimated at
from thirty, to 200. The number of
freight cars is not known, but the loss
on this class of rolling stock will be
heavy. The Lackawanna road moved
its passenger coaches out to the Mead
ows and one- train of freight cars was
moved out and saved.
Piers 11 and 12 were full of general
merchandies: Piers 7, 8, 9 and 10 were
used for coal and Pier No. 6 was a
grain-loading pier. No person was se
riously injured.
Vice President Lewis of the Lack
awanna placed the total loss by the
fire at $5,000,000, based on the original
cost of the piers burned, on the freight
stored upon them, and, to some extent,
on the resultant* business loss. This
estimate also includes the burning of
the canal boats and barges. The Lack
awanna Company carries its . own in
surance.
'Conferences Are Being Held Daily in
Boston to Harmonize Con
flicting Interests.'
Blazs Starts on a Barge and Sweeps
Freight Laden Docks of Delaware
and Lackawanna line.
Vain Efforts Are Made to
Check the Ravgging
Til
Flames.
One Management to Control
Two-Thirds ol United
States Output.
PHILADELPHIA, May^D.— In an in
terview given to a North American re
porter to-day, Grover Cleveland said:
"I have believed for some time, and I
believe now, that Judge Parker »will be
the nominee of the National Demd
cratic Convention for the Presidential
office. This expression of I my, opinion
is not new. I do not mean to! yield ; iriy
oilginal Judgment, which* waaUhat Mr.
Olney ; t or,r3\x(\j^ s .^.Gi~i.y\ v "llsht have
proved ,'ttiq ;strorigest^~CAn*dIdate7''Cir
cumstances and the state of public sen
sentiment were such, \ however, i that
months ago it became apparent that
Judge Parker was' the man upon whom,
the conservative element, of the party
could and should concentrate.
ther circumstances nor the state of
public sentiment has changed and
Judge Parker remains now, as he has
been for some months, the logical can
didate of his party.
"Some months ago conservative
leaders of the Democracy began to ex
porience alarm over the strength that
Hearst was seemingly developing. I
took no stock in the Hearst candidacy
myself, but realizing the necessity for
checking a movement which might
grow formidable, I occupied ground in
commonwith a number of others] and
gave out a statement favoring Judge
Parker' for the nomination. I pretend
to no right in the direction of party af
fairs, nor even the right to advise the
party upon men or measures, but in
order to stifle the Hearst movement I
gave up thought of either Olney or
Gray, and I knew Parker to be a flrst
class, honest, safe and manly man.
He is very able— fit in every way to
lead the new Democracy."
Former President Is Confident the
New Yorker Will Be Choice
of Democracy.
— f-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Amalgamated Will
Form Gigantic
: . Merger.
The battleship Orel has been re
floated. The dynamos, the only part
PARIS, May 30.— The Echo de Paris'
St. Petersburg correspondent learns
that the Baltic fleet wil leave in two
detachments. The first,- consisting of
four battleships. Is due • to start on
June 24.
TOKIO, May 29. — General Oku, com
manding the Japanese army now in
vesting Port Arthur, has issued a
proclamation to the people- of the
Liaotung Peninsula, setting- forth that
Japan was forced to appeal to arms on
account of the unlawful aggressions
of Russia in China and Korea. The
proclamation declares that the Japan
ese army is fighting for the cause of
justice and pledges protection to per
sons and property and non-interference
with orderly citizens.
It promises ample remuneration for
all houses and food supplies requisi
tioned and warns the people to refrain
from assisting the Russians, under
penalty of severe punishment.
BALTIC SHIPS TO SAIL.
The Standard's Tientsin correspond
ent telegraphs that Uchida, the Japan
ese Minister at Peking, has demanded
an immediate reply to the inquiry pre
viously sent to the Wai Wu Pu as to
whether China Is prepared to hold and
administer the territory the Japanese
have conquered,' adding that otherwise
Japan must appeal to other powers to
undertake the responsibility at the ex
pense of China.
The Telegraph has a dispatch from
Shanghai saying that it is reported
there that Minister Uchida has notified
the Chinese Government at Peking
that Port Arthur will soon be captured
and has asked whether China is ready
to resume possession of the district, or
if Japan shall hold it.
OKU ISSUES PROCLAMATION.
The Standard's Chefu correspondent
says that a Russian gunboat, believed
to be the Bobr, which was in action at
Talienwan on Thursday, has arrived
from Port Arthur. She was chased by
the Japanese, but was able to take
some refugees from Dalny. She was
not followed into the port on account
of the mines.
CHINA MUST TAKE A HAND.
A Japanese refugee from Port Arthur
is now at Chefu chartering steamships
to convoy supplies to Port Arthur when
it falls.
LONDON. May 30.— The Times corre
spondent at Weihaiwei learns from a
fugitive Russian that General Stoessel's
orders are to dispute every inch of the
country between Kinchou and Port Ar
thur, because it is believed that th£
main advance on Mukden can be de
layed until Port Arthur falls. Every
day is important to Kuropatkin.
Stoessel, on receiving these "orders, hur
riedly prepared a succession of posi
tions. ,'.,
The United States gunboat Frolic now
here will go to Newchwang in case that
town is evacuated by the Russians.
\ HAS ORDERS TO FIGHT.
Dalny has been practically evacuat
ed, according to the statements of
Sikh and Russian f efugees arriving
here to-day by junk. All valuables,
ammunition and most of the troops
have been taken to Port Arthur. The
only civilians remaining are the elec
trical engineers in charge of the mines
laid in the harbor and those set to de
stroy docks and piers.
One large Russian warship, probably
the armored cruiser Bayan. and three
tcrpedo boats reached Talienv.an Bay
on Tuesday last, the 24th inst., from
Port Arthur, and it was doubtless this
vessel which attacked the Japanese left
wing during the battle at Kinchou on
the 26th Inst.
The junks just arrived here on their
way down passed fourteen Japanese
war vessels nine miles outside of Dalny,
so the Bayan probably will be cap
tured.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 29.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin Is moving southward
with an army to attack General Oku
from the rear on Liaotung Peninsula.
One section of the Russian force will
diverge toward Fengwangcheng to
hold back General Kuroki. The ad
vance guard of Kuropatkin's army is
believed to have reached a point only
thirty-seven miles from Kinchou. Its
sudden appearance will place Oku's
victorious army in a critical position.
CHEFU. May 29.— A Chinese who ar
rived from Dalnv to-day, having left
there on Saturday, says that a Japan
ese scouting party was seen by villag
ers in the vicinity of Dalny and that a
battle took place on Friday at Ying
chongtBe, a point on the railroad about
ten miles northwest of Dalny.
Chinese from Dalny say that the
Russians had twenty-six naval guns
at Nanshan and also that manv gun3
from the Port Arthur fleet had beta
placed in the land batteries* .. .
DALNY IS EVACUATED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fire Causes Havoc
to Jersey City
Shipping.
Russian J\[aval
Guns Lost at
Kj.nch.ou.
RAILROAD
PIERS AND
BOATS BURN
BIG TRUST
OF COPPER
COMPANIES
Japanese Placed
in a Critical
Position.
Conservatives Must Com
bine to Stifle Hearst
Movement. ! -
Says Jurist Should
Head Party's!
Ticket.
CLEVELAND
OUTSPOKEN
FOR PARKER
KUROPATKIN IS HURRYING
SOUTHWARD WITH AN ARMY
TO RELIEVE PORT ARTHUR
FRIENDS OF OXNARD PROMISE
A LIVELY CAMPAIGN IN THE
FIGHT FOR SENATORSHIP
LONDON, May 20. — The Tientsin correspondent of the Express says that Paul Lesser, the Russian Minister, informed Prince Ching that Russia would finally evacuate Newchwang provided China granted a concession for a rail
xvay from Kalgan across Chinese Mongolia to Kiakhta, eighty miles from Lake Baikal, or that Russia would evacuate Manchuria outright if China would lease the Hi territory to Russia. Hi — or, as it is more commonly called,
Kooldja — is a district of Chinese Turkestan, forming a part of Sungari. Russia claimed it as a>province from 1870 to 1881 and still retains a portion of the territory. The district contains 23,000 square miles.
RUSSIA IS NEGOTIATING WITH CHINA TO YIELD MANCHURIA
Forecast mad* at San Traa
elsco Sox thirty houm **Air>f
nloaltfrt. May 30i
Baa rraadtoe aad rlclalty —
Cloudy Mondayi tttfbt west
wind. O. S. WXXAftOV,
Local roreeaster.
TSB WSATHXA.
Alcazar — "Toll Gate Tun." Ma ti
ne* To-Day.
California — "Janice Meredith."
Matinee To-Day.
Central — "A Celebrated Case."
Matinee To-Day. ¦ --¦'
Chutes— -Vaudeville.
Columbia — "The Little Xlnlt
tex"
rischer'*— "XJ. 8." Matinee To-
Day.
Orand — "GUmonda." Matinee.
Orphetun — Vaudeville. Matinee.
Tlvoll— "The Toy Maker." Mati
nee To-Day.
TBS THXSATUtS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 182.
SAN FRANCISCO/, MONDAY, MAY ,30, 1904.
The San Francisco CallSEOUL., Korea, May 29.^-Continu
ous and conflicting reports concerning
the movements* of the j Russians are
being received from' Korean sources.
In reliable quarters, here the; present
Russian strength in the province "of
Hamheung is estimated at 1000 men,
with, twelve guns. It; Is -expected 5 this
column will be reinforced in the hear
future. ; The Cossacks claim; that ; 600
cavalry • and 4000 infantry are . how
following in their rear. Tf&gii?S3,«lS
The main bodies of the Invaders are
advancing by two routes, flanked < and
preceded {by small scouting parties: It
is not , known whether their objective
point s Plhgyang or, Gensan. The;lat
ter would be easy "prey, ,the;town
Btretchlng along the beach' in' a;cup-
PARIS. May 30. — The Prix du
Jockey Club, the French equivalent of
the Knglish Derby, drew a large and
fashionable crowd to Chan til ly -this
afternoon. Edmond Blancs" Ajax, a
hot favorite, won by half a length. W.
K. Vanderbilfs BUI Moore was placed
in the rare for the Prix des Elanges.
Ajax Wins the Prfx.
IVopcrty of the \\>storn Fuel Com
pany of San Francisco De
stroyed by Fire.
XAXAIMO, B. C. May 29.— The en
tire property of the Western Fuel
Company of San Francisco was de
stroyed by fire to-night. The Ioes is
estimated at $350,0000.
FL/AMES XX XAXArMOX* -
J •; CAUSE A GREAT LOSS
Harassed by Cossacks.
MUKDEN," Friday. May 271— - The
Russians are harassing the Japanese
communication^, Which' circumstance
is largely responsible for the suspen
sion of the Japanese advance. Their
rear is threatened by Cossacks and un
til they can thoroughly safeguard the
roads they .must be cautious in their
forward movment
CURRAN SAYS FREIGHT
HANDLERS WILL STRIKE
President of Union Declares That on
Tuesday Walkout Will Take Place
on Eastern Lines.
NEW YORK, TVtay 29.— President
Ciirran of the Freight Handlers'
Union and members of the executive
board of the Atlantic Coast line
union of firemen addressed a meeting
of firemen and striking freight han
dlers here to-day, after which Cur
ran said:
"I reiterate that on Tuesday a gen
eral strike will be Inaugurated on all
the lines east of New York. I have
sent Mr. Carroll to Providence and
Boston to look over the situation and
I expect him back any time. When
he returns I shall give out a state^
ment. ¦ Even K he does not report
favorably we shall have something to
say Tuesday evening. •-,
'.'Monday being a holiday we cannot
expect much, but on Tuesday we'll
know whether we win or lose."
PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
FREED FROM CHOLERA
¦ WASHINGTON, May 29. — Quar
antine- Officer -Helaer of the Unrted
States Public Health and Marine Hos
pital Service, under date of April 8,
has reported as follows: ..-. : >C
"No report of cholera occurring in
the provinces of the Philippines has
been received since March 4, 1904.
While there may be a few scattered
cases of the disease in the islands, it
is believed that it has almost disap
peared." - -c l /•': ;i. \
KAIPING, Saturday, May. 28.— : The
Llaotung frontier guards several times
have come into collision with the Jap
anese cavalry. I The Japanese tactics
have been to retreat and entice the
guards toward the Japanese infantry,
which lays in wait.
Newchwang reports that Japanese
troops have. not landed there, as re
ported. Foreign merchantmen con
tinue to arrive In that port. The gun
boat Sivoutch still guards the mouth
of the Liao River. '
Attempt to Lure Russians Toward
Infantry Lying in Wait.
JAPANESE PLAN AMBUSCADES.
of the machinery j seriously damaged,
will be changed, y ; .' .
The Journal's Mukden correspondent
;wlres: . . .
arrived here on May 27
on a special train and ' immediately
proceeded to Viceroy AlexierT's quar
ters. He remained in" conference with
him four hours and again left the
city. What • passed Tietween them is
Wept secret." . - .- ' *,
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
KUROPfrTIClH HURRYING WITH ARMY
LIAOYANG, Saturday, May 28.—
Most of the Chinese merchants are
closing their stores and winding up
their, business in expectation of seri
ous events. Those remaining, in busir
ness have raised the prices of meats
and other products. A high Chinese
personage here is believed to be organ
izing ar movement against the Rus
sians.
The Russian cavalry is in great need
of forage.
Chinese arriving here brought the
news of the fighting in Kinchou. The
results of the fighting on the penin-j
sula caused no appreciable effect on
the troops, whose health and spirits
are execllent. Soldiers are arriving
daily. ,
Their Food Supplies.
Russians Compelled to Pay Dearly for
CHINESE RAISE PRICES.
"A blockade would involve passive
activity for many months and an enor
mous number of -troops. Therefore, I
believe that the Japanese will attempt
to carry the place by assault, with
the aid^of their artillery.
"The Japanese are copying on a larg
er scale their campaign of 1894. While
General Oku is at Port Arthilr, Gen
eral Kurnki, after a Junction with the
advancing army landing 'at Takushan,
will move on Halvheng and Newchwang
until they are occupied. I do not be
lieve General Kujroki will move against
General Kuropatkin's t maln position
until he has formed a base at New
chwang." - ¦ "¦ •'-. '-;./ •../-;
One of the Associated 3 . Press Russian
correspondents has Just 'returned 'from
Pert Arthur. He has been through- and
is thoroughly familiar with' the^ forts
and defenses there. His opinion is that
the fortress cannot be taken except "by
systematic siege operations that will
lequlfe many months. ' :•— •'¦.¦-. <^
"Unless the Japanese are able to
carry it In less than three months," the
correspondent : Bays, "they will' be -too
late, as General Kuropatkin will theii
have enough n. en to send an- army to
relieve the garrison. Fock is a grea^
fighter. Stoe:,«el has 40,000 men. in-f
eluding the sailors," on the ¦"¦ warships!
The garrison iij provisioned for a. year."
¦ The correspondent also explains that
the abrupt dertjlivity in the rear of the
position at Nanshan made It impossible
for General F<?ck to take away heavy
guns when he Retired. . '
The Novoe \; remya says that what
ever the Port Arthur squadron does, it
must not imitate the squadron at Se
bestopol longer than .to have" a good
chance for an open fight with -the
enemy. It were better that than to
sink the ships In the harbor..
Viceroy Alexieff has notified the na
tive peasants In Manchuria not to sow
corn -or other plants, the: stalks. 1 of
which might afford cover for the Chun
chus: A.sperlal envoy of the Minis
try of Agriculture is now at Liaoyang
oiganizing thd planting of vegetables
along the railway to meet the require
ments of the army. ¦;;.-¦;-
"The Japanese now before Port Ar
thur," said Novesky, "may proceed in
three ways— first, an open attack after
preparatory artillery fire; second, a
progressive siege. 1 and third, a block
ade. I think th« Japanese will adopt
the first course, as it Is- not to their
advantage to wait while Russian re
inforcements are arriving-. The second
method is a long and complicated oper
ation that might last months.
"Port Arthur, generally speaking, is
impregnable, but impregnability ' is a
relative term. Nothing in fortification
is really invincible. (Tuns will destroy
any structure. Cannon • will defeat
each other.* Sappers can remove im
pediments outside and fill ditches. Scal
ing ladders will overcome any walls.
Mine can be met with countermine.
Colonel Novesky of the general staff,
in an interview, points out that Port
Arthur, although generally denominat
ed a~fortressj -is" 'm reality an intrench
ed camp, whereof Kinchou was only an
advanced improvised position. It would
be unwise to JudKe of the strength tof
the permanent cennected fortifications
around Port Arthur by Kinchou. These
fortifications, hie 'said, supported each
other scientifically. Operations against
them would require the most careful,
systematic preparations.
The impression In army circles Is that
the Japanese \v,'II puBh operations
against Port Arthur with the greatest
energy, but It Is also believed a month
or more will be required to bring up
siege guns.In the Chino-Japanese war,
although Kinchou was taken practical
ly without opposition, eleven days were
necessary to prepare for the storming
of Port Arthur.
Both the Admiralty and the War Of
fice are without news and frankly con
fess they do not expect to hear from
the beleaguered garrison in Port Ar
thur again directly except by accident
until the fortress has been relieved or
surrendered or the war ended. Some
native reports thut drifted into head
quarters at Liaoyang and were for
warded here say vhat the Japanese lost
many thousands.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 29.— Intense
interest is displayed in the Japanese
reports of the Kinchou battle. The peo
ple in the streets almost mob newsboys
to procure extras containing the dis
patches. •
Crowds stood around the official bul
letin boards awaiting the Russian ver
sions, but none arrived. The official
world, as well as the public, is entirely
dependent upon the Japanese for news.
Further details are eagerly looked for,
especially regarding losses. The pre
vailing conviction here Is that the
Japanese must have carried Nanshan
at a tremendous sacrifice. The accounts
of the heroically stubborn defense
made by the Russians, notwithstanding
their position being subject to the fire
of artillery from the front and from
warships on the flank, are a source of
much satisfaction. Their own reports,
the Russians eay, could not have placed
the fighting qualities of their soldiers
In a better light than do those of the
Japanese'.
MUST CARRY BY ASSAULT.
Japanese Cannot Delay Final Attack
Upon Port Arthur.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 30. — The
correspondent of the" Russky Invalid
(the army organ) with General Mist
chenko's division of 5000 Transbaikal
Cossacks, sent to Korea, ; to keep -}n
touch with the enemy, gives a detailed
account of a ride destined to become
classic in cavalry annals. - - •¦ .r:
The command rode 400 miles In a-fort
night. It approached to within a day's
march of Seoul and was anxious, to
capture the town, which would have
been an exploit, the correspondent says,
to. thrill Europe; but imperative orders
reached them to retire, and they.re
luctantly rode back to Wlju.
General Mistchenko Is now eastward
of Fengwangcheng. It is believed here
that the men ¦ who wanted to capture
Seoul are capable of seriously hamper
ing the Japanese movement.
General Mistchenko's division is In
dependent of General Rennenkampff's,
which is now north of Fengwangcheng.
The. Cossack raiders in Korea are com
manded by Madritoff.
- It Is understood that the formation of
an.Eighteenth Army Corps will be an
nounced shortly.
- The War Office says that many of the
guns lost at Kinchou were Chinese
guns captured during the Boxer rising.
2 — k •
Britons Praise Brown Allies.
LONDON, May 30. — The London
dailies exhaust the vocabufary of ad
miration for the Japanese. The
achievements at Kinchou they regard
as proving the absolute military equal
ity of the Japanese with the best Eu
ropean armies and as qualifying Japan
to rank as a great power.
It is reported that two Russian
columns have joined a few miles from
Pukchong and have broken telegraphic
communication to the southward. ,y •:
• SEOUL, Korea, May 29.— Hayashi,
Japanese Minister to Korea, has noti
fied the Foreign Office that the Jap
anese military authorities are com
plaining that telegraphic communica
tion with Gensan is frequently Inter
rupted. The Japanese military., au
thorities suspect that the country peo
ple are cutting the lines at various .un
frequented points. Hayashi says that
the Japanese Emperor has Issued a.
proclamation inflicting the death; pen-;,
alty on all persons caught -destroying
telegraph lines and asks that the.
Korean Government take^similar ac-i
tlon. . ' \ I
DEATH TO KOREAN * TRAITORS.
Will $e Shown- No Mercy If Caught
Aiding the Russians.
Conspicuous features of the cortege
were a dozen white-robed * Shinto
prieets, who conducted the religious
ceremonial, and the widows and female
relatives of the deceased, clad in pure
white, who rode behind the gun car
riages.
The entire naval staff, representa
tives of the army and other depart
ments of the Government and delega
tions from the schools, guild.s and labor
unions joined in the procession. The
foreign naval attaches joined the cor
tege at Aoyama. Crowds which filled
the streets along the line of the proces-
Fion bowed their heads in prayer when
the caskets passed.
A solemn religious and military cere
mony In honor cf the fifteen officers,
residents of Tokio, who lost their lives
when the battleshiD Hatsuse and the
cruiser Yoshino were sunk was held
here to-day. A procession was formed
at the naval college 'and marched
through the city to the Aoyama Ceme
tery. Four small caskets containing
the relics of the deceased officers were
borne on gun carriages, battalions of
bluejackets acting as an escort. Rest
ing on pillows on top of the caskets
were the posthumous decorations
awarded the dead officers by the Em
peror.. :^.':.; '~V~-:i
Captain Eayeki remained on the
bridge and cried "Banzai" to the sailors
as they were entering the boats.' When
last seen he was shaking hands with
Commander Hirowatari and bidding
him farewell.
At this moment Lieutenant Nalto
eprang overboard and swam to the only
cutter which had escaped from the
wreck. He rowed to the cruiser Ka
saga and returned •with "three boats,
but no trace of tiie Yoshino or her crew
could be found, with the exception of
six men who had already been rescued
by boats from the cruiser Chltose. The
fog was so dense that the searchlight
of the Kasaga, though not more than
6C»0 metres distant, was I only faintly
discernible.
The Kasagxi struck the Yoshino on
the port side near the engines, and the
force of the blow was so great that the
dynamos cf her lighting plant were de
stroyed, leaving the ship in darkness.
The portrait of the Emperor aboard
the- Yoshino was rescued and carried
to the Kasaga. .'
Commander Honda, who -commanded
the fire ship Totoml Maru in the suc
cessful sealing of Port Arthur, arrived
here to-day. Honda and the entire crew
of the Totomi Maru were deafened by
t£eir terrible experience. The explo
sions and awful cannonade ruptured
the tympanum of their ears. Com
mander Honda may recover hearing In
one ear. but he will be permanently
deaf in the other. Honda and his com
rades did not discover their unfortunate
rendition until they we^e leaving the
ehip. .He shouted his orders to his men,
yet he failed to hear his own voice, and
he was forced to make signs indicating
his ordors in order to successfully
bring the crew back to Vice Admiral
Togo's squadron.
TRIBUTE TO HERO DEAD.
The Sixth Japanese squadron, which.
r,as blockading Port Arthur, over
hauled ar.d searched a junk and seized
a number of letters written by Russian
officers. One letter said that a torpedo
boat destroyer had successfully placed
a series of mines during the night
v.hich preceded the loss of the Hatsuse,
and, continuing, told of the loss of
eome Russian torpedo boat destroyers.
How many is not mentioned, but it is
Indicated that there were at least two.
The heavy lews of life which- accom
panied the sinking of the Japanese
cruiser Yoshino, as a result of colliding
with the cruiser Kasaga, on May 15,
was due to the smashing of five of her
boats by falling masts. When the ships
rame together, collision mats were used
and a tarpaulin was placed over the
hole, but it was impossible to stop the
Inrush of water. The ship- settled
quickly, listing to the starboard. Cap
tain Gin Sayekl ordered the crew to
the upper deck, where it manned the
boats. Five boats were lowered on the
etarboard side and one on the port side,
but before they were cleared the ship
lurched to the starboard and com
menced to sink. The .masts and davits
Einashed all five of the boats on the
starboard Fide.
CAPTAIN DIES AT HIS POST.
TOKIO, May 29.— Certain Russian
correspondence which has been Inter
cepted by the Japanese at the blockade
cf Port Arthur gives the information
that some Russian torpedo boat de
»troyers have been sunk" by mines out-
Bide of Port Arthur, as well as details
of the placing by the Russians "of the
mines which effected the destruction of
the Japanese battleship Hatsuse on
May 15. . };'^.
Captured Correspondence
Reveals Disasters at
Port Arthur.
General Oku estimates that the
force of the enemy consisted of one
line division, two batteries of field ar
tillery, some fortress artillery and ma
rines. General Oku telegraphs his
opinion that the Russians intended to
check the Japanese advance at Nan
shan in order to protect Fort Arthur.
Besides the big guns, a miscellane
ous assortment of Russian property
was captured.
General Oku concluded his report
by heartily thanking the navy for-lta
co-operation. • '¦
The Japanese captured a number of
Russian officers and- men.
left and its noisy awakening was suc
ceeded by the onslaught of the fourth
division on the demoralized left wing
of the defenders and the victory was
won.
The beaten forces, badly shattered,
retreated toward Port Arthur, explod
ing the Tafangchen magazines as they
retired. A detachment of Japanese
infantry pursued the retreating Rus
sians far into the night.
¦;.- • During this time the Fourth •' Regi
ment Artillery had been pounding the
Russian lefj. /.
. Suddenly the Japanese squadron'be
gan pouring shells into the Russian
General Oku reports that he knew
he could not hope to continue to bat
tle much - longer, so he " decided to
make an assault in force, regardless
of casualties. Then the artillery open
ed fire with the remaining ammunition
and the first division courageously as
saulted the Russian center, only to be
beaten back. '
5 In the meantime the Russians had
reinforced their right under cover of
two field batteries > previously with
drawn from Nanshan, with fresh in
fantry, whose fire enfiladed a consid
erable portion of the entire Japanese
line.
DEFEAT TURNS INTO VICTORY.
Very critical at this time was the
situation for General Oku's forces, for,
with the wavering of the line under
the reinforced" fire " of the Russian' in
fantry came .the reports from the
Japanese ' batteries that ammunition
was almost exhausted. - •'
The cessation of the firing from the
hill was a signal for the"fdrward move
ment of the troops, below and the at
tacking batteries changed their post
tions to secure better range. At 11
o'clock a zone varying from 300 to 550
yards In width separated the Japanese
and Russian linen and the rest of the
day was spent by the assailing ¦ forces
in crossing the fire-swept zone.
RUSSIAN GUNBOAT OPENS FIRE.
A Russian gunboat in Talienwan Bay
opened fire on the Japanese left at 10
o'clock In the forenoon and continued
firing for. five hours. . Five Russian
steamships attempted to land their
crews near Hungtual, but the Third
Division stopped them. In the mean
time four heavy guns at Tafangchen
found the range of the Third Division
and kept shelling it until 7 o'clock in
the evening. The artillery with the
Third Division ..vainly endeavored to
reach these guns, but failed on account
of the darkness.
In the main attack the Japanese ar
tillery continued . shelling Nanshan
Hill, seeking to destroy, the entangle
ments and otherwise clear the way for
the infantry, but every time the infan
try advanced the awful Russian fire
drove them back.
The gunners on the fortified heights
were not slow in giving smart response
to the Japanese attack, and soon a vig
orous fire and counter-fire was in pro
press, to which the big guns of the
Japanese squadron lent noisy chime at
6 o'clock, when the atmosphere had
cleared up sufficiently for the naval
marksmen to work effectively. For
three hours the shelling from bay and
shore and the replying from the forts
continued without interruption and
then the Russian fire abated.
General Oku, in command of the
Japanese, began his aggressive move
ment on the Russian position at mid
night on Wednesday. He assigned the
Fourth. Division to the right, with in
structions to swing around Kinchou
and move southward. He gave the
First Division the center and the left
was allotted to the Third Division.
During the night a terrible thunder
storm,, accompanied by a heavy rain,
broke over the advancing army and
impeded the movements of the men. It
had been planned to begin the fire at
4:30 o'clock in the morning, but a dense
fog had followed the storm, and it was
an hour later before all of the artillery,
under General Uchiyama, opened on
Xanshan Hill. A detachment seized
Kinchou Castle, and then the entire in
fantry force gradually moved forward.
It was the Fourth Division of the
Osaka men that stormed the Russian
left. It had once been said that Osaka
men were not brave. It will never be
said again.
The First Division of Tokio. which
had the center, and the Third Division
of Nagoya, occupying the left and
which had been exposed all day to the
Russian fire against the front flank,
now followed the example of the Osaka
men, rushed forward and the battle
became transformed from an artillery
duel into one of personal conflict, with
the bayonet as the instrument of war
fare. On every parapet the resistless,
death-defying Japanese surged for
ward in increasing numbers, and hust
ling the Russians from their intrench
ments swept over the hill, and at 7:30
o'clock, as the sun was sinking beneath
the horizon, the flag of the land of the
rising sun floated above the blood-sod
den Nanshau Hill, while the shouts of
"Banzai" swelled from hilltop to shore
and re-echoed from squadron to port.
Japan pCdTfor' her Victory in 3500
killed and wounded. To the Russians
the humiliation of defeat was intensi
fied fcy the loss of sixty-eight cannon
and ten machine guns, while lying dead
in the forts and trenches were 600 men,
the victims of the accuracy of Japanese
long distance marksmanship and of
close-range fighting.
STORM DELAYS ATTACK.
OSAKA MEX PROVE VALOR.
The Japanese left throughout the
entire action until night was exposed
to an enfilading fire from- the Rus
sian infantry, a gunboat on Talienwan
Bay and four nine-centimeter guns
posted at Tafangchen. At a critlon.1
moment the ammunition of the artil
lery ran low and it was decided to
cast the remaining ammunition\into
one final desperate assault Fortu
nately, however, at the moment this
decision was reached the Japanese
squadron in Kinchou Bay, which had
ceased bombarding when the infantry
had first moved forward, suddenly re
sumed the shelling of Xanshan Hill.
.Then it was that the issues of the
day were determined. At a moment
when the outcome was hovering be
tween success and defeat for Japan —
at that moment was an almost certain
repulse converted into victory so suc
cessful that the forces of the Czar
were swept into confusion and dis
orderly retreat. With every Japanese
gun centering its fire upon the Xan
ehan forts and trenches, the Nippon
infantry sprang over the bodies of the
dead who. had sacrificed their lives
in the previous fruitless charges; the
entire line rushed forward toward the
Russian left, where the fire of the Jap
anese squadron had proved most dead
ly and which was the first to weaken
under the bombardment. It was there
that the first breach was made in the
human wall that all day had been an
invincible barrier to the impetuous
assaults of the brown men.
TOKIO, May 29.— The details of- the
fighting at Kinchou emphasize the
heroic tenacity of the ..Japanese in
their conduct at Xanshan Hill. Nine
successive times. the Japanese infantry
charged the fortified heights in the
face* of a Etorm of death-dealing
missiles, and in their last effort they
carried the forts and trenches only
after a bayonet conflict with the Rus
sians, who made a desperate, despair
ing struggle to .beat back the oncom
ing horde.
The final assault of the Japanese,
in which they at last succeeded in tak
ing possession, was marked by the
most desperate hand-to-hand encoun
ter that has thus far occurred during
the war.
like hollow, formed by the surround
ing hills.
! According to the latest reports the
Cossacks have occupied Pukchons and
It is known that the Japanese are pre
paring to resist their advance. It is
now probable that a column will be
sent north from Gensan and a body
of infantry left here, to-day to rein
force the garrison stationed at j that
town.
Russians Recoil Before Pitiless Bombardment After
¦ Repeatedly Hurling Back Nippon's Infantry.
SLAVS LOSE
DESTROYERS
OFF HARBOR
Tireless Cossacks Ride Four
Hundred Miles in a
- Fortnight.
BRILLIANT
DASH MADE
BY RAIDERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, MAYv 30, 1904.
WARSHIP'S GUNS TURN BATTLE'S TIDE AT KINCHOU
SLAV INVASION 1 OF KOREA.
Capture of Either Gcnsan or Plngyang
May be Attempted.
2
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
ARE YOn jSATISFIED ?
If Hot, What Better Proof Can San
Francisco Betideatf Aak Por?
This Is the statement of a San Pran-
cisco citizen. „ ' - • . .
The testimor.j of a neighbor. ¦
. You can reartily invtvtlgrate it. : ' ,,;
The proof should convince you.' .
C.:A. Swain, mininfi: engineer, of 3947
Clay street; says: "It is three or four
years since I first noticed pain ¦; in my
back and other marked symptoms of kid-
ney complaint. I thought the first attack
would pasn_away as mysteriously as it
came, and improbably did. but only to be
succeeded by another of longer duration
and moro acute.': /By and by the attacks
were. more persistent and the pain more
pronotonced until finally it was a difficult ,
matter^to me to attend to my daily du-
ties. When suffering from one of these
attacks almost by accident I happened to
read an advertisement about Doan's, Kid-
ney Pills and I used three boxes. 'They
certainly acted with me as the advertise-
ment stated. From the beneficial results
received I have a very high estimate j of
Doan's Kidney -Pllla."- .
- 'For sale by all dealers. Price 60 cents.
Foster-Mllburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y., sole
agents for the United States. • . r
.' - Remember the name, Doan's/ and tak«
no substitute. • : •.' • " •¦ - -
BAD WAY'S XWASTBZXiXEX 1 , has .stood
unrivaled' before- tha public. for JM) year* as a
Pain Remedy. It lnatantly relieves and quickly
cure* all Colds, ¦ 8ore Throat*. lnHnenra, Bron-
-chlUs, • Pneumonia. . Rheumatism, -, Neuralgia,
Headache,' Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pain. All druggets.
y^f H^-X Trmla> '•*?• and *r« <!«•
/A^-CTp^jTX . to arrive at . .
ff'/^^\2]8AN FRANCISCO.
Vf^fV T»a»T Dxtot
x v£i>^ (Foot of Market Street ) "
>»at« - MAIN LINE. -a»»i"
700a Vicavliie. winter*. Rmmey 7^0»
7.0Ca Benlrla, Sulsaa, Elmin sad S*ct*-
nj-nto .... 7.23"»
7 30a Vullejo. Kapa, Csllttog*. Santa
Hun. Martinez. Sao Raraoo 8.20** ¦
7.30a Hlles. LlTermore. Tr»cy. L*t£roj>.
Stockton 7.20p>
800a Shm.(» Express— (VU Dsvis).
W!li|»mi (for BartlMI Sprtnsst.
Willows, trrnut. Ked BlaO.
Portlsnd, Ttteoms, Sc»tt> 75 Op
8 OCa D*tis. Woodland. Knights Laodlas.
Msrysrllle, OrotHIe. 7-60"»
¦¦30A fort Costsi. Msrtlaez. Anttocb,
Byroa, Trscr. Stockton. N*w- ;;.,.••
msn. Los Baaos. lie ad ot a,
Armona. Haaford. ytsslla.
Port*rrllle 4£fl»
8 .3C A Port Coata. Latbrop. Modtito,
Merced. Frrvoo. Ooaaen .1 unc-
tion. Hanford, VUalla, Baicers-
fleld 4.80*
t-3?A Nile*, Sitn Jon;. Llrenaore. Stock-
ton. (t.MHtoa). loae. SacnmenCa,
PlarerrlHe. MtrjsTK!*, Ch'.co,
Red Bluff 420*
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
- ncr.v Tnolumaa aad Angel* .„.. 4.201*
9 00a Atlantic Rxpreaa— Ogden *nd Ea»t. 11.20a
9.3Ca Richmond. Martlaes and Way
Station* 8-50P
lOCCAThe Overland Limited — Ogdea.
OenTtr. Omaba, Cnlcsgo. 8 23t»
1000a Vallejo :.... 1220ts
10.00a Los Anpelen Pas««ger — P«r« •'
Costa, Martinez. Byron, Tracr.
Lathrop. Stock ton. Merced. . •
Raymond. Freino. Ooahen Janc-
tlon. Haafurd, Lemoore. Vlaalla.
Bakenarld. Lo* Ao*;eles 7.20*
1 2.00m Hayward. Mies and Way Station*. 3.20*
t1J)0P Sacramento tttrer Steamer*. tl \.OC0
3-50PB«ftlcla, Winters. Sacramento. .
Woodland. KiV.-bti Laaclng.
MarysTllle, OroTllle and way
sUtton* 18.50a,
5^0p Hay ward. Xiles »nd Way 8tatlon§.. J-hiP
5.30P Port Costa, Martin'*. Byroa.
-Tracy. Latarop. Modesto.
Mercsd. Berenda, Ft6»b« and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20* '
5-30P Toaamlts Valley. Tla Bereada aad
- Wswons •.•04
3.30p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl,.. 10 20a
400P Martrnei.Sani:jimon.ValIeJo,Nap»« •* *--,
CalUtoga, Ssnta Ro»*.. »??*
4 OOP NUM. Tracy. Stockton. L«dt 42 2*
43Cp Hayward. Nllea. irTlnston. Saul' tS.JOA, .
Jose. LlTsnnor* ».. I t11.50*
5 OOP The Owl Limited— Newman. Las v
Banoa. Mrndota. Tre»no. Talara.
_ __ Baker*fleld.Lo*An(*lea. 8.53a
84>0p Port Costa, Tracy. 8:ocktoa 1 2.20*
t6 30p Hayward. Nile* and San Joe« ..... 7-2OA
COOP Hayward. Kile* and Saa Josa. 9. SO*
8-OOp Kutern Exprea— Ojtdr n. DeaTer.
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago aa4 i, ¦ '
East. Fort Cost*. Bealcla, Strt-
. saa. Elmlra, Da*4s, S*cr»meato«
Bocklln. Anbnrn, Colf*z.
Truckee. Boca, K«ll, Wads-
worth, winnemneca. ' B 20«
9.00** Vallejo. dally, except Sunday I 7 . n -
7XCP VaUejo, Sunday only f »»°^
7.0CP blehmond, San Pablo. Port Costa,
Martiae* aad Way Station* 11.204
7 .OOP Oregon * California Ei?r«*— Sac - >-. -
rameato, M»ry»»ilii, RedJIai.
Portland. PngstSontd and Bast. 8.50*
8-OSPReao Pwnenrer — Trucltr-, Lain
Tahoe 7.80A
I.IOp Hayward, Nile* and Saa Jose (8nn-
; daynly) 11-804
COAST LINE (!»*rr«w ».».,.).
| (Foot of Market Street.) '
7.45a 8antaCrui Ercurtif)n(Snndayonly) 8-10*
•-15a Newark, OeaterTtUe. San Jos*.
Feiton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cru sad Way Statloai ' 8 55»
t2-15p Newark. CenterTtlle, Saa Jo«% - >-
JJ*w Almaden. Los Oato«.Fe!ton,
BoDlder Crnek, Santa Crn» aad
Principal Way Statin* ttO-S3a
4.16> Newark, flan Jose, Los « a to* aad j t8.55*
waystaUon* ) t13 55*
4.15P Wrlcbt. FeUon. Boulder Creek and - - .
8a,nta Cruz, Saturday aad Sunday
only Bi-BBa
. OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Iresi SANVkancISCO. root of Market St. (Silg<»
-tWJ »:W tlrOUA.M. 100 300 8.15 T.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tt:W tS:09
18:08 10:00 a.m. 12X0 2.00 400 PH.
COAST LINE <Bro«« ***¦«•».
pr~ cfnirt anJ Town««ad atroeta.) -
f .10a fcaa Jose sad Way Stations. 9-tOw
U-DQa Baa Jos« aad "Way Statloai. 6.40»
7.18a Monterey and Sanu Cms Kxcur-
i!oa (Suaday only) 10.3G*
8 UOa Kew Alnaden (Tues^ Frld., only), 4.109
8 00a Tbe Co*««r— Stop* only Saa Jots,
Gllroy for notlls-
ter). Pajaro. CaairoTtlle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Paelflo Grove). Salinas, 9*4
Ardo, Paso Roble*. Smu MalV
rarlta. Saa Lut* Oblspo, principal
statloas theace Sarf (connection
' (or Lompoc). principal stations
thence Santa Barbara,San Bneaar
rentura, Bnrbank. Los An*;ele* . 10459
8.08A S»n Jose, Tres Piaos, Capltola, .
SaataCrt»,PaciaeOroTe.Saltnaa,
Saa Lai* Oblipo and Prlactpai
Way Station 4.10*
1040a 8an Jos* and Way Stations 1.20*
11 -30a Santa Oar*, ban Jose, Los C»to* _
anJ Way Stations 7.30pi
140p San Joieiod Way Station! 8 33a
3 Otp Del Mont* Kzpre**— Santa Clirs
San Join, Del Monte. Monterey.
Paciae Orova (eunneeu at Santa - »
Clara, except Suaday, for Santa
Crax, Bouliar Creek and Sarrow '
CangsPotnu) at Gllroy for llol-
Hster, Tres plnos. al Pajaro for '
fiaau Cruz, at CastrorUl* for
8a«n»* 12.13*1
3^0p Tres Plao* War Pa**en«er... 10 49a
4 30p "an Jo*e and Way Stations t3 00*
tS OOP Santa Clara, »jn Joae, Los Oatoi,
aad principal Way Station* (ex-
.___ eept Sunday) t<» OCa
l5-I0p 8anJo»ean<tPrntetpalWay8UUons |3 43*
6 45 P Bantet - Limited.— Kedwond. Saa
Jo«e. Ollroy,daltaa*,f aao Kobles,
Paa Lull Obltpo, Santa Barbara,
Lo* Antel**, btmlatj. Kl Paso«
New Orleans. Nrw fork. Con*
aecu at Pajaro for Bant* Cms
. . and at Caitrorm* for Pacific-
Groya sad Way Stations 710a
tCISP SasjM*teo.B«resford,B«lnioBt.8aa
. Carlo*, Uedwood. Fair Oak*.
M MenloPark. Pa'.oAito t«-4SA
9 Up 8aa Jeteaad Way SUOons. sJS*
I.OOp Palo Alto and "Way Button* 13. 15*
ii.itip Suuth ban Francisco. Mlllbrae. Bur-
- ltncame. San Mateo, Bclmont, » • " .'
Saa Carlos. Bedwood. Fatr Oaks,
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto 9.4SP
U1.3CP Mayneld. Moaauia View, Sonny-
Tale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
Baa Jo— tf.43p
A for Moraiag. P for Afternoon.
iBuadsr exeeptod. t Soaday only
a Saturday only. • Monday only.
i atop* at all itattoaa oa Snnday.
*»*Only trains stopping at Valencia St. so«tabo«a4
are »: 10 a.m.. T:CO k.M., 7:13 A. *., 11: .*)».«..»: JO P.*,
»i» you Hudson p.m. - . .
Mt.Tamalpais Railway
~ Lcire Tl* iUiulite rtrrj • Arrive
- San Frauciico r»st »f Mat i«t St. Baa Franci^co^
We«k Sun- ,sarB__ 5u«^ w*ek
Days. days. >£«£>«^3*V days. Dayau_
rrrr"O(5T @»8£&m n^si^^r^A
10:00a JI:O0a \t<^«r>/ 3:35 r 3:35 f
1:4»?12;20p \^»S^ 8-.40 r 6:13 r
B:t6r l-.45p 6:13? 10:05 r
4:35r yfr tkiOr .... —
* Tla Craritj Car. * tmalsab t» Mill Taljey.
TicKBT |6'Ji Markkt St. (North Shore lUUroaJ)
Ofticks iand Sapsalito Fsrky. Toot Market at.
Weekly Calf, $1 per Year
CALIFORWT^.
L IMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
j at O:3O a. m^ throug-n ta 3 days,
with diner and all trapping*.
Othar Santa T» Trains 1
T:S0a.m. 1 for Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfleld.
lioOpiSj Merred. Hanford and Vlsalia.
4:C0 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas fclty. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrriCES— 641 Market St. ana
Ferry Depot. 8. P. Also Ilia BroaS-
way. Oakland. C«X 87 Sonta first SU
San -Job*.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
Wi FRANCISCO ANU NORTH PAGIF13
BAXX.WAT COMPAHT.
Tiburoa . Perry, root of Stark** Street.
SAW P3ANCISCO TO SAW Ba7AZ£.
WEEK DAYS — T:3V. &:«>. »-0O, 11:W> a. m.;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10. S:50, 6:30 aad 11:30
p. m. ¦' . ¦ ' ¦'¦ -
Saturday*— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30,
; 2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:30. ll:3O p. m.
{ saw eatael to saw raAucisco.
WEEK. LAI'S — 6:U0. tf:M. 7:35, 7:50, 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:30. f2:0O, 3:40. 6.0O. BrUft.
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
p. ni. -
¦ SUNDAYS— 6:60, -7:33, 9:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
<$;40. 4:50, 3.;DQ,.3:20. «:25, 7:50 p. m. tEx-
. "cejit gatiirday*. . :, , . : ..' • .. ''
Leave j In Effect' ¦'• | Arrtve-
, J Sail Fran. I May 1. 19»>4. | San Fran.
I Week I Sun- I b«stina- I Sun- j Week
j Days, i days: ( tlon. | days. | Days. <
! 7:30a ~ 7:43a 7:43a
I 7:30 a 6:00a <-¦ 8:40a 8:40a
6:00a U:30a Ignaclo. 10:20a 10:2Oa
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 P 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
¦ 7:25 p
I f 8:45 p r
7:30 a| 7:30 a 7:45 al 7:45 a
S:wu S:0Oa Xovato. 10:20a 10:2Oa
2:30 p 9:30 a Fet&luma 6:20 p ff:2Op
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30aj7:30a 10:20 a 10.20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. .7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p[ 2:30 p 8:43 p 7:25 p
Windsor, i
7:30 a 7:80 a Healdsburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle, 7:29 p 7:25 p
I Cloverdale. ¦ . '.
i -7:30 a! 7:30 al Holpland 110:20 a 10:20 a
I 2:30 pi 2:80 p| and Uklah. ( 7:25 p 7:25 p
1. I wmits. j 1
7:30 a] 7:30 a) Sherwood. f 7:25 p) 7:25 p
8:00 a j 8:00 aj Guernevllle and 110:20 »!10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:43 p| 6:20 p
8:00 a 8:00 al 8:40 a 8:40~a
6:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p| Glen Ellen. 8:43 p
T-3Oaf7:3«a| 110:20 a!io-2oTa
2:30 p| 2:30 pi 6eba«topol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p-
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs; at Fulton for Altnirta and
Hark West Spring*:, at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagra Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boonevllle and
Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, . Kelseyvllle. . Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakepc/t and Bartiett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Pprintn. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Llerlejr*s, Bucknell's.
Banhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Bprinss. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Etevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Brag-
Westport, Usal: at Will its for Fort Braggl
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, . Covelo. Laj-ton-
vllle. Cummins, Bell** Spring's, Harris, 01-
»eni!. Dyer, GarUrvllle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Hound-trip tickets to all points
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street, Chronlcla
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Menager. Gen. Pa*s. Agt.
[||gppS|pf|| TO SAN RAFAEL
llMJIl R °SS VALLEY,
r? ~~~r rr .*r* ~}. MTTT VATTPV
CAZADERa Etc.
SSSaSiiiiSffliis^';**] via Santallto P»rrr.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Franciaco, week days, at
6:30 7:10 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. ll:oo a. m.
Ul:4o a. m. Sausallto only), 12:20. 1:45, 3:13.
I 4:00. 4:33, 5:15, 5:60, C:23. 7:15. 0:00. 10:20.
11:35 P. m. Sunday* *nd legal holidays, depart
I at 7:10 7:43, 8:30. 0:13, 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30, 3:13. 4:0ft, 4:35,
5:15. 6:50. 6:26. 7:15. 8:16. 9:00. 10:20. 11:33
Arrive at San Francisco, week days. 6:17.
7:00. 7:38. 8:13. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:03 a. m,
12:03 1:25, 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. 5:05. 6:40. 6:15.
6:55. '7:53, IO:C5, 11:23 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holiday* extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05.
8:60 p. m. ° - ' ,
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. ra.
3:15 p. m.. 5:13 p. m. (ex. Sat.)' On Sundayi
and legal holidays, at 7:45. 8:30, 9:13 10:0O
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:15. 2.&Q. 7:13
and 8:15 p. ra. " ,- -
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way station*
8:15 a. m.. Sunday* only— For Potnt Reyes.'
3:15 p. m.. dally except Ounday— For Caza-
dero, «tc '
5:15 p. ra. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day— For Point Reye*. etc.
¦ 7:15 p. m. 8unday* only— For Point Reyes,
8:15 p. m. Sunday* only— For Cazadero. etc
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st. ™V elc>
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market «*. ¦ ¦
BAJA- CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|S A GREAT RESTORATIVE, IN* VIGOR A-
«a&j»Me%«. I sra: sis
ADVESTISEJIENTS.
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, itch,
Acne, or other skin troubles,
promptlyrelievedand cured by
Thissdentificgermldde. which •
is harmless, cures by killing;
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold .
by leading druggists.. ,If .not
at yours, send"; 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. .Accept no
substitutes. Address ' ?
- rK.EE f 1 »lnable Booklet •¦ thf
ADVEBTISEMEJiTTS.
NEW TRUNKS
Our line of Trunks Is now
complete. We bought an
unusually large assortment
to accommodate travelers
to the St. Louis Exposition
and we've some very special
Inducements to offer.
I B. SMITH CO,
128 Ellis Street.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
s*£\C /^>v Steamers leave Broadway
/ftfiiV^QX wharves, piers 0 tnd 11,
/•5tL_ \«\ ® 8n Francisco.
I*/ vl^^Bl \**\ For K'tchik.in. Wraneel.
I I \lto?*2 I I Juncau, Halnif. Skagway.
\ \ V&*6&) I etc • Alaska— U a. m.. Stay
\j»\ \\ " y<n'/ 30. June 4. change to Com-
yyvjj pany's steamers "at Seattle.
lr ° r Victoria, Vancouver,
7vvSii»^ - Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett, Bellingham— 11 a. m.. May 30,
June 4. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers Tor Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry., at Vancouver to
C. P. Hy.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. May 2b; Spokane, 1:20 p. m. : Corona,
May 31.
\ For I^os Angeles (via. Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). . San Dleco and Santa Hi rbara—
Santa Horn, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 0 a. m.
! Fdr Los Angeles (via. Fan Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mont-
erey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta, 0 a. m.. May 31. June 8.
Santa Cruz, 9 a. m. (freight only),' May
19. 27.
For Ensen.nda. Magdalen* Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mruatlan. Altata, J,a Paz. Santa Ko-
Btilla, Guayma* (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904— Th»
palatial steamship Spokane will leave Tacoma,
Seattle and Victoria. June 7. 21, July 5. 1».
Aug. 2. 18..
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
- TICKET OmCHS— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market ftt.and Broad-
Way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUN ANN, General Passenger Agent.
. 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R, & l\f, /CO.
COLUMBIA sails June 6, 16 and 26, July e!
10 2a GEO. W. ELDER sails June 1 Hand
21. July i 1. 11, 21. Only steamship linfto
PORTLAND, OR., and short rail line ftom |
Portland to all point* Eart. Through ticket* to I
all . points. ' Steamer tickets include berth and I
roeala. Steamer sails foot of Spccr st. at 11
a. m. S. F. . BOOTH. -Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept., 1
Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. ' Oen. Agent
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st." •
8. S; A LAMED A. for Honolulu. June 4. 11 a m
S. 8. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurg.. June 10, 2 p. m.
S. E. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, July 2, 11 a. ni.
J.D.SPEECKELS k BROI C0l,Aflj.',M8t OOci 613 Mif-
txn, rreigat oaics 323 Maria it, Fur /, tnm >¦:
tOMPAONIE GENERALS TBAKSATLANTIQai
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. ''+.".
¦ Sailing; every Thursday: instead ot,A.i£Tfc
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42,
¦ North River, foot of Morton st.
' First ¦ clans , to Havre, (TO and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward.' GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Brcadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*. ,
ETMRs! ! GEN! FRIS3IE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 0:43 A. M.. 12:30 ndon, 3:15 P. M.
'.6:00 P. M.v 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays
9:43 A:- M.., 8:30 P. II. Leave Vallejo 7:oo
' A. M., 0:00 A.M. 12:30 NOON, 3:15 P.M.,
- : 6:00 P. M. (ex. Sunday), SunJays 7:00 A. M..
,;4:15 P. M.'- Fare one way, 50c. Landing- and
office,- Pier 2. foot Mission 1 ft .Phone Main
'! 1008. HATCH BROS. - '
¦ , . RAILWAY TRAVEL.
t "&dF\ PAIiACE OT AGBICTXI.TIJBH.
Union - Southern
4 Pacific
1 ' Through. Pullman and Xourist
¦ > f. Cars to ST. LOUIS.
r JUNE I. 2, 15 (TEACHERS' EXCURSION), 16, 22, 23.
•-¦¦ " ROUND TRIP $Q7 5Q
j ... Wall Maps^ Handy Pocket Maps and
. -Handsome Jlluatrated Guide to World's
".""¦' , " - i Fair rSES. .
1 " S. 4 r/ BOOTH. Oexier»l Agent, V. V. B. B-. «,-."¦ -/
v X asostsromery Street, -« ".
.. ._ .'-,......; -- -> ¦ - ¦¦- • -> Or Soutlitta Paciflo Ageati.
.' i\- •.. DIRECT LINE*
«5^^>-^'\sALT UVKE. \ ICHEyEMNe V^-^eH ICAGO j
•^¦SAM CITY 1 KANSASS- * -^
\FRAMCISCO k - _^- V^^Z\—. .The most probable story is the one
that Don Cameron is to fill the unex
pired. term of Senator Quay. This
was told by Richard Quay to one of
his associates. ¦ •
Senator Quay tried to make a poli
tician of Richard Quay and failed, and
then sent "Dick" Into business with the
American Tin .Plate Company.. Since
then "Dick"- Quay has made millions
of dollars and is a richer man than
was his father. Much of his money
was made in enterprises in which Don
Cameron was associated. They are
now associated in vast land schemes
in New Mexico and other Western Ter
ritories and States.
It Is surmised that Senator Quay
died with an ambition to perpetuate
his family name in the upper House.
Hence, it was gossiped to-day that
Cameron would fill the unexpired term
of Senator Quay and would be succeed
ed, if possible, by Richard Quay, with
Don Cameron's assistance.
It is estimated by William Montgom
ery, cashier of the Alleghany National
Bank, that Quay's estate Is worth
about $800,000. This is divided among
his wife's children. His insurance pol
icies matured several years ago and
he collected the cash; hence he car
ried no insurance at the time of bis
death.
PITTSBURG, May 29.— J. Donald
Cameron, Henry C. Frlck. Francis L..
Robblns, Francis J. Torrance, William
Flinn, George T. Oliver. Attorney Gen
eral Knox.and Representative Joseph
Bibley are prominently mentioned as
successors to Senator Quay. All have
millions of dollars at tnelr disposal.
Each ' one has peculiar backing not
afforded the other, but in the main
they are all local lights, excepting Don
Cameron.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Dick" Quay's Turn to Don
Toga Will Come at End
of the Unexpired Term
MAY BE CHOSEN LATER
Son of 'the Late Senator
Will Step Aside in the
- Interest of His Friend
QUAY'S PLACE
FOR CAMERON
OREGON CITY, Ore.. May 29.— A
persistent attempt is evidently being
made to drive Christian Scientists
from this town and out of Clackamas
County. »A skull and cross bones have
been found painted on the walls of _ the
Scientists' lecture room in the Gorde
building. Beneath the rude painting
was the inscription, "Big 3, Holy Roll
ers, Sunworsblpers, Christian Scien
tists."..' Not long ago apparently, the
same person smashed glass and furni
ture In the same room, ;
War on Christian Scientists.
Notice ' to Passengers.
Baggage ; transferred to and ' from ' all : trains,
steamers, . «tc*. at •• low; rate«.V* One trunk : (sta-
Kle.trip) 35 cents; round trip 60 c#nu. Morton
ttpeclnl Delivery.' 308 Taylor. 650 Market. Oak
lacd. Ferry i Depot. - ! Ftrao* Exchaas* 48. ¦ •
SALB-M, Ore, May 29. — Mrs. James
Penland was crushed 'to death in the
Southern Pacific yards here this after
noon while returning home from me
morial services in the Baptist church.
She had left the service for the dead
but' a few; moments before she her
slf ¦ was as ' the old soldiers for whom
the services were held.
.The yards are unguarded by. gates
or watchmen. ' Mrs. Penland walked
close to a car standing. alone and did
not notice*; the engine . pushing a
string of freight cars toward j her. As
she crossed ;the : track in front of the
unattached car the train struck, the
other, end and she was prushed against
a second | car.'^ A movement has begun
to secure protection frbm switching
engines. . ,
Resident of an Oregon City Crushed
to Death Between Rail,
road . Cars.
WOMAN" LOSES HER LIFE ;,
AFTER LEAVING CHURCH
Not long after his : arrival in New
York Father Scanlan, was, stricken
down: with pneumonia and was cared
for 'With the "greatest solicitude at : St.
.Vincent's Hospital, where,* for a while,
he showed signs of , marked improve
ment. The change for the worse came
quite suddenly yesterday.**:
Father Scanlan left San Francisco
April 7 with the intention of making a
tour in Europe, which was to last nine
months. He looked with' great inter
est and. pleasure to a visit to Rome
and it was also his hope to see his
former home in County Kerry, Ire
land, which he left forty years ago. -
News was received by Father Kane
from New York last night that the
Rev. Father P. "Scanlan's illness had
taken a critical turn, and, while there
had been occasional signs of slight im
pVovement, the doctors nevertheless
could hold out -but little hope of the
reverend father's recovery.
The news was received with the
deepest regret by all at St." Joseph's
Church, of which Father "Scanlan has
been pastor for more than twenty
years.
News Reaches City That Xcw York
Doctors Hold Ont Little Hope
for His Recovery,
REV. FATHER SCAXLAN'S
. - ILLXESS IS CRITICAL
Connecticut Woman Gives Birth to a
• Child While on Way to a
Hospital.
STAMFORD, Conn., May 29. — Mad
eline Brundage, who is a resident of
this city has the distinction of being
the mother of the only automobile
baby yet born In America, She
in a Cuban 20 years old. Mrs.
Brundage fell ill, and it was feared
she had measles. Arrangements were
made to send her to an isolated house
for treatment. She did not' appear to
be very ill, and was confident that she
could stand the short trip in an au
tomobile. She was assisted into the
vehicle and the chauffeur set off slow
ly. The machine was scarcely in mo
tion when the woman became very
111 and gave birth, to the child. The
infant died three hours after its birth.
BECOMES A MOTHES AS
SHE RIDES IX AS AUTO
LOS ANGELES. May 2». — Impres
sive funeral ceremonies In honor of
the late T. S. Ingraham, first grand
•ngineer of the Brotherhood of Loco
motive Engineers, who died suddenly
while Jn attenaance upon the conven
tion last Friday, were conducted by
his brother engineers and members
of the Masonic order to-day. The
services were held In the First Con
gregational Church and were attended
Jjy all the delegates to the engineers'
convention and thousands of others.
ENGINEERS GATHER*
AT BIER OF TNGRAHAM
SA^T LAKE. Utah, May 29.— After
being ridden by children for many
months Satan, a sleepy little mule of
Salt Lake, succeeded in throwing some
of the best broncho "busters" of the
West this afternoon. The animal be
longs to Joel Barlow and has been a
plaything for the children of the neigh
borhood, but it has persistently made
clear its refusal to permit a grown per
son to ride it. Barlow sprang on , its
back yesterday and was immediately
thrown out through the stable door.
Several other men tried to ride Satan,
but none succeeded. Billy Morgan,
formerly a rider In Buffalo Bill's show,
was offered $25 to make the attempt,
but after watching the mule's work de
clined the offer, i
During yesterday and to-day a dozen
expert riders have undertaken to stick
to the little mule, but none have suc
ceeded. The animal is gentle In every
particular, except that it will not allow
a man to ride it. In order to persuade
the riders to mount Satan, Barlow goes
into the paddock with the mule, pulls
its tail, oinches it, kicks it and mauls
it about without objection from the
mule, which stands in a half-doze while
he plagues it. The instant he shows
signs of mounting, however, the animal
becomes alert, and when he essays to
get on its back it begins a- series of
jumps that never fail to elicit the
warmest commendation from old-time
cowboys and other riders.
Its experience with the men has not
changed Satan's attitude toward the
children. The little folks are still wel
come to ride at any time. The muie
made several trips around the block
with three or four children on its back
this afternoon. Barlow has hung up a
purse of $25 for the man who, will suc
cessfully ride the mule. It Is not be
lieved any one in Salt Lake will be
able to capture the money.
8peclal Dispatch to The Call
In discussing Bishop Satterlee's view
of society. Rev. Roland Cotton Smith,
rector of St. John'? Episcopal Church,
the most fashionable place of worship
htre, Mrs. Roosevelt being a member
of his congregation, eaid to-day:
"It Is true, there is great laxity in
morals in this day and generation, and
this is as true in Washington as else
where. Wealth has* come to stay, and
the only way to avert the threatened
evil in its wake is for people who stand
for order and right living to array
themselves against those who stand for
other things."
Rev. Teunls S. Hamlin. pastor of a
leading Presbyterian Church here,
said:
"There is a small element In Wash
ington who devote themselves to
amusement. Such a class has been,
and is still, un-American. There seems
no doubt that some such excess pre
vails in this city. It Is evidenced in
sundry dinners and receptions and in
devotion to cards and other amuse
ments." -
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTOX,
WASHINGTON, May 29.— Bishop Sat
tcrlee, of this Episcopal diocese, recent
ly expressed the opinion in a public
address that society in the national
capital was becoming: a menace to the
country. He believed that the great in
'flux of the wealthy, with their ten
dency to igmore the poorer classes and
to abandon simplicity in IWng, at the
same time devoting the Sabbath to re
ceptions and dinners, thus overthrow
; Ins the foundations of religion, threat
ened our national existence.
of Se\cral Societies Attend
One of the Churches.
VALLEJO. May 29. — Farragut Post
No. 4, Grand Army of the Republic;
the Spanish- American War Veterans,
thf Woman's Relief Corps and the
Ladies of the Grand Army of the Re
pubyc to-night attended cervices
appropriate to Memorial day at the
<;orvel Baptist Church. Early to-mor
row morning: Farra^ut Association of
Naval Veterans will proceed to Mare
Island and after appropriate exercises
¦will decorate the graves of departed
veterans there. Later In the day the
Tocal Grand Army of the Republic and
kindred organizations will assemble at
ihe Grand Army plat In Union Ceme
tery.
SERVICES AT VAIXEJO.
Pastors Agree With Bishop
Satterlee as to Washing
ton's Laxity in Morals
Salt Lake Animal -Is Docile
to Children, but Incor
rigible When Adults Mount
ADMIT CHARGE
OF WICKEDNESS
MULE "BUCKS"
IF MEN RIDE
The testimonial benefit tendered to
Rabbi Isadore Myers by his many
friends at Golden Gate Hall last even
ing was attended by a host of admirers
that filled the auditorium to its utmost
capacity. It was a testimonial of af
fection lh every way and was a proof
of the esteem in which Rabbi Myers is
held in this community. During the
evening a beautiful silver loving-cup
was presented to him by Albert Gold
berg on behalf of the different commit
tees. The Inscription on the cup is as
follows: "To the Rev. Isadore Myers
as a token of affection and esteem from
numerous friends and admirers." .,
Rabbi Myers was much affected by
the beautiful testimonial. He replied in
words well chosen to suit the sentiment
of the occasion and fervently thanked
the donors for their beautiful gift. He
hoped that he would be with his friends
for many years to come. He spoke of
the circumstances which had caused
his resignation as rabbi of the Bush
street congregation without any bitter
ness, but by certain well-directed allu
sions to Captain Dreyfus showed that
he felt that, like the French martyr, he
had been tried and condemned without
a hearing. At the conclusion of his
speech an enthusiastic . demonstration
In his favor took place.
The programme from beginning to
end was well rendered. It was as fol
lows:
Overture. . Lack«»nback's orchestra.; Juat a
few remarks, Abe Mayer; xylophone solo, Sam
Samuels; Fjx-claltlcp. Will Ktern; violin nolo
("Russian Avis." by II. Wtenlawaki). Miss
Belle Rosenthal: contralto solo, Edith Scott
Hasford; selection!, young Men's Hebrew As
sociation Mandolin Club.
Dancing concluded the festivities of
the evening. ; ;
Following were the members of the
committees:
Testimonial — Messrs. Mayer, Stern,
Altmeyer, Green, Louis Myers, Lew. M.
Feder, Mellis, Joe Myers, Becker, Peck
and Mesdames Altmeyer, Green, Kohn,
Jacob), Manson.
Entertainment — Louis Myers, Abe
Mayer, Joe Myers.
Finance — Messrs. Stern, Altmeyer,
Green.' c; :
Press— L. M. Feder, T. W. Mellis.
Reception— Mrs. Altmeyer, Mrs."
Green, Miss Ray Friedman. Miss Tessle
Sterling. Miss Julie Hayman. Miss J.
Bernstein, Miss May Ruda, Miss Kohn,
Miss Lena Hertzog, Mrs. Stern.
Floor — Joe Myers.
RABBI Or BUSH-STREET CONGREGATION*. WHO WAS TENDERED A BENEFIT AT GOLDEN GATE IIAI.!/ LAST NIGHT BT
HIS FRIENDS AND ADMIRERS. AND THE SILVER LOVING CCP WHICH THEY PRESENTED TO HIM AS A MARK OP
THEIR ESTEEM.
• YOUNTVILLE. May 23.— An enter
tainment was given at the Veterans'
•Horn" last evening, and a crowd
thronged the assembly hall. The pro
crammc was one of exceptional merit.
The cleverly executed sketch "Mrs.
VVillis' Will" was -received with pro
long-ed applause. The participants were
Mrs. M. P, Danby. Mrs. Louise Battles
.t'ooper, the Misses Morris Wagner,
Ilt-len Darling and Pauline Lord.
Madame Caro Roma sang "II Bacio"
and "The Song That Reached My
"Heart." Her excellent voice thrilled the
audience and she responded to rounds
cf applause with which the veterans
grated her. The Misses Pauline Lord
and Helfn Darling did the comical part
of. the show to perfection when they
appeared in their sketch "Through a
, Matrimonial Bureau." Miss Jennie
Morrow Long gave George Ade's "Mr.
Lindsay on San Juan" with euch in
terpretation as to receive an enthusi
astic recall. The recitations of Miss
Pauline Lord and Mrs. M. P. Danby
were excelluent.
Old Soldiers Kntertalncd by Theatri
cal Performance at the Xapa
County Institution.
1KJEXDS OF VETERANS
AT YOUNTVILLE HOME
The' conference just closed has &c-
VoinpHshed much for the interest of
the Methodist church and will go
Cown in church history as one of the
mpst important in the point of legis
lative action.
. The action of the General Confer
ence in retiring five Bishops and elect
ing eleven others probably attracted
the widest attention of any other
single happening; but there were
many other subjects that affected the
great membership of the Methodist
church and which were watched with
deep interest. Among these were: The
decision to stand by the present atti
tude of the church on the subject of
prohibited amusements; the refusal to
return to the time limit of pastoral
service; the exonerating of certain
'toeologieal schools of the charge of
heretical teachings; the unification of
the Methodist publishing hpuses;fthe
« oneolidation of the boards of church
benevolences; providing means of sup
port for superannuated ministers; fix
:rfg the status of superannuated
jBishops; craating a commission to re
vise the ritual of the church; continu
ing the commission appointed four
years ago to bring the various
branches of Methodism closer together
in the use of common prayer book,
hymnal and catechism; a referendum
of the much discussed question of a
colored Bishop, and many other mat
ters of smaller importance.
When the final roll call was taken
last night COO of the 750 accredited
<J««egates tvere in their seats. The de
cision to. adjourn was not arrived at
until late last evening: and in order to
finish the business before the assem
4»)y it was necessary to run over into
*he Sabbath in the work of calling the
roll. ,
LOS ANGELES, May 29. — It was
aftec midnight when the General Con
ference of the Methodist Episcopal
i-hurch finished the final roll call last
night that brought to a close the most
memorable gathering in the history of
ttiat church. To-day memorial ser
.vice* \i ere held during: the afternoon
.and in the evening a Jubilee service at
viie pavilion closed the eerles of meet
ings.
Work of • Completing Busi
ness at Notable Gathering
Extends Beyond Midnight
•F1XAL SERVICES HELD
Conference at Los Angeles
the 3Iost Important in the
/History of the Church
Great Gathering of Admirers Assemble in Golden Gate Hall' to
; Express Esteem, Affection and Gratitude to Their Devoted
Pastor and Present Him*With Magnificient Silver Loving Cup
METHODISTS END
THEIR SESSION
FRIENDS OF RABBI ISIDORE MYERS
TENDER HIM A TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALt. MONDAY, MAY 30, IflO4.
LONDON. May 29. — There was lit
tle business done in the Stock Ex
change last -week. While the uncer
tainty of the course of the Russo-Jap
anese war induced a feeling of hesita
tion, and a consequent heaviness In
prices, Russians continued well sup
ported by Paris and the news of the
Kinchou battle caused only a frac
tional fall in Russian bonds. Amer
ican securities advanced slightly early
in the week, but the Improvement was
not maintained. " . -. . .. ?£-?'.
Kinchou Battle.
Russian Securities Hold Well In
Paris, Despite the Results of
STOCKS ARE SLIGHTLY
AFFECTED BY WAR
3
f^iflfl H 9 RUBS! A sa fws^"
UULUIwliQiA wm man
two weeks, Tn-WIPiHT
BEGINNING I U'lvIUIl I
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLT.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
Cf fin Bjj Be pi BiHQ W3
EU fffl ff?»rtf^7 £| ti»a BS |m W| Asu
(The first stellar sppearane* here) ta
THE LITTLE MINISTER.
.TIV0US5&
Beg. TOY MAT. TO-DAY SS™*
THE I H C,
POPULAR TOY
DAINTY » »
COMIC _- . T, -, — .
I opera. I M A K E R
i Splendid Cast. Scenery. Costumes and
Effects.
EVERY CHILD PRESENTED "WITH A
TOY AT TO-DAY AND SAT. MATINEES.
NZZT KONOAT SIGHT
First Production in This City of
The Military Comie Opera Triumph
I SERGEANT KiTTY 1
San Francisco Debut of
LILLIAN SEFTON. Prtaa, Donna Soprano.
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 23o, BOc. 73c.
This Week Oaly-t-MATINXE TO-DAT.
MELBOURNE
MacDOW£LL
In a Superb Productlcn ef Sardou's
gismqnda|
Next Sunday Mat.— A CAPTAIN OF NA-
VARRE.
POPULAR PRICES — 15c. 23o. BOe. 73o.
June 13 — MRS. LESLIE CARTER In
PC BARRY. --
CALIFORNIA
HOLIDAY MATXWEE TO-DAT 13^-
B The Incomparables — tha greatest stock V
t! company in existence. ||
I The Oliver Morosco Company |
H Presentlnt; PAUL LEICESTER B
M FORD'S charmlnr comedy of th* Rev- |
So olutlon, {I
1 JANICE MEREDITH |
H BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY. |
H Sunday — Julia Marlowa'ii most recsnt I
« triumph, THE CAVALIER, a stirrina; ¦
H story of the South in war time. W
Special Matinee To-Day, Memorial Say.
Unprecedented Attractions!
Ferrar. Cole aad Company; Oaitoa and
Stone; Power* Brother! ; Burke, La
Bn« and the Inky Boys; Colby Family:
Al Lawrence; Belle Gordon; Orphetun
Kotlon Pictures and Marcel's
LIVING ART STUDIES.
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c 25c
and 50c.
V ~"
A T C* ATA "O Belasco « Mayer,
ALCAZAR iTrpr^
¦'''¦ '"-' General Manaser.
coMMEjciKG MEMORIAL DAY
MATINEE TO-DAY— 23c AND 50c.
Tba Delltrhtful Romantic Drama
Tol l Qat e Inn
A Stirring; Colonial Love Story.
Evgi.,35o to 73c; Mats.Thurs. & Sat., 23c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY. GRAND SCENIC PRODUC-
TION.
UNDER TWO FLAGS.
Oulda's Popular Drama of Romance.
In Preparation— "LOVERS' LANE."
Next Month— "WHITE WHITTLESEY."
Market st., near Eighth. Phone South .W5.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NICJHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
The Famous Historical Drama.
[A CELEBRATED CAST|
The Powerful Romance of a Hera of Fontenoy.
Magnificently Staged! Brilliantly Cast!
Gorgeously Costumed!
DDIfCC ' Evenings 10c to 50c
mivCJ Matinees i..l0c, 15c, 25o
NEXT — "TBS PEDDLIE."
Wins. I A
It I Success ?
A Cyclonic Hit: a Veritable Sweep of Praise;
Puts All Other Things of the Past
Far Away In the Shade.
The Burlrsqu*. the Funniest.
The Company, th* Greatest.
XJ. S.
And these are "Ths People:" , *
Caroline Hull. Edna Autr. Uarrity Sitter*.
Yorke and Adatns, Al Fields. Edwin Clark,
Ben Dillon. Roy Alton.
A "Star" Chorus of Forty Voice*.
And ili«l you hear of the sensation?
Lionel Lawrence's "Kirbt Radium Girls,"
The Wonder of the Age.
Same Popular Prices.
Note— DECORATION DAY MATIXEE To-Day.
THE GREAT ALf ONS,
Europe's Foremost Equilibrist, '
And a Splendid Shew Every Afternoon
and ETenlnff In tho Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MrrTXATUKB EI.ECTE1C i*.Arr.-*f%m-n.
EsmeraUa and Her 'BABY MONKEY In the
¦MsMsWaMplisB Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
I AVATSUB mGET TXXT&SSAY.
: AclmlMlon. 10c; Children. S»
AD\*ERTISE>IEXTS.
STATEMENT
or ths
CONDITION" ANT> AFFAIRS
- or the
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
f\T PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
V^PeBMylTania. on the 21st day of December.
A. D. IMS. and for th« year endlns on thae -
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 810 and 611 of the Political
Co4e. condensed u per blank furnished by ta»
Commissioner: **
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid op
in caab :.;. $3oaoooo»
ASSETS.
Re«! Estate owned by Company $."33,080 2t
Loans on Bonds and Mortgae;**.... 161.212 40
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... l.laT.STiM
Amount ef Loans secured by pleds*
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable lecnrltiea as collateral.. 1SO.310 »
Cash in Company's OfOce t,217 21
Cash In Bank* 97.233 CO
Interest doe and accrued on Bonds '
and llortsafe» 11.808 B7
Premiums in due Course of Colltc-
Uon 22S.SC9S4
Rents due and accrued 2.159 2*
Interest and rents due 108121
Ground rents 13.00000
ToUl Anat S3.84S.S04 41
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid........ 153.263 23
Losses In process of Adjustment or
ta Suspense 9MJS 9t
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 16,283 3S
GroM premiums on Flra Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1.17-1.-
003 90: reinsurance 60 per cent.. 6*7,001 99
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than on* year. Jl.l3d, -
6S6 36- reinsurance pro rata..... 634,079 M
Amounts reclalmabl* by the In-
sured on perpetual fir* inauraae*
Bolides 571.053 09
Commtssloot aad Brckeras* da*
and to become due 32.804 04
Total Liabilities .12.011.478 «
INCOME. ~ '
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums 91.V77.3P9 tl
Received for interest on Bonds aad
Mortgages 33.511 21
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 04,238 68
Received for rents 9.90OM
Profit on sale of Lecher Assets.... 9.134 TS
Income from all other source* 3.S33 73
Total Income .tl.7tl.9eo W
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $144.382 82. losses of
previous years) $779,113 tt
Dividends to Stockholder* 30.000 08
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .*.... S73.0S4 tX
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
cbarcea for officers, clerks, etc. . . 127.773 93
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 40,13414
All other payment* and expendi-
tures : 93.430S9
Total Expenditures .£1.442. 893 II
Fi?«—^
LOSSES- Incurred, dorter th* y*ar... 8777.239 34
. Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year I1S9.S08.883 92.033.439 43
Net amount of Risks
expired duiinc the
year 142.213.304 1.378.371 M
Net amount In force
December a. 1903.. 187.33^258 2.330.890 f
THOMAS H. MONTGOMERY. Pre*!dent.* -
JOHN H. PACKARD Jr.. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 29tk
day of January 1904.
JOHN STOCKBURGER. Notary PubUa.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
| EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS
411 and 413 California St
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
C. A. HENRY & CO, CITY A6ENTS
215 SAN SOME ST., S. 1^ CAL.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION 1 AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AGRICULTURAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE OF
New York, on th* 31st day or December.
A. D. 1903. aad for the year ending: on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th* pro-
vlvcns of sections 610 and 811 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by ti»
Commissioner :
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid u?
In ca*h ._ 9300. 000 00
ASSETS. ~ ~
R*al E«tat» own«<i by Company... 9306,273 0«
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 373,233 72
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bends owned by Company. . . 941,314 7»
Amount of Loans secured by pledg*
of Bonds Stocks. aneV other mar-
i keUble securities as collateral... 443.211 M
Cash in Company's Of nee 5.DS1 *»
Caxh in Banks 133.334 3i
: Interest due and accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans 17.6OOS1
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 12.263 97
Premiums In due Cours* of Col-
lection 134.008 99
Due from other Compani«s for Re-
insurance on loss«s already paid. 1.010 2t
Total Assets .J2.663.333 21
LIABILITIES. ~ "
Lotse* adjusted and unpaid 928.969 39
Losses in process of Adjustment ¦
or In Suspense V? - £!i2
Losses restated. Including expenses. 15,633 09
Oroes premiums on Fire Risks run-
ntng one year or less. #tilo.(C9 uu.
reinsurance 30 per cent 438,813 St
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlng more than on* year 91.813.-
809 00: reinsurance pro rata 840,820 08
Commission and Brokerage due and {
to become due ffa.7W» 4*
All other Liabilities 0.3S333
Total Liabilities .91. 433.938 63
INCOME. ~ "
Net cash actually received for Tire
Premiums ¦ • • • • • • • • -11.219.843 49
Received fcr interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 29.8301*
Re-eivM for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 69.231 M
Received for Rents 4.312 U
Total Income 13
EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $08.71143. losses of '¦*_£ ! .±~-
previous years) 9372.083 97
Dividends to Stockholders 30,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •• •.";;•• 294.047 67
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 89,733 6S
Paid for State. National and Local 43loOM
All other" *psym*nti and ezpendl- '
tures »».... 3...03I 53
Total Expenditures .^1.113.133 10
Tin.
Losses incurred during th* year... 95SI.20* CO
RUks and Premiums. I Fir* Rlaka. Premiocss.
Net amount of Risks
ye. U r t : n ..- <1 . U . r A n .'!..! h ? 9182.e39.T0O 91.7S8.6*.
Net amount of Rlfks
re-r Wl ... d . U ' t . n . i :..» e 133.1M.700 1.697.911
y p, c :g£r 1 31. ta i 9 £ r T? 231.372.200 2.527.434
A. H. EAWTER. President.
W. H. STEVENS. Secretary.
Subfcrtbed and sworn to befor* m*. this 21st
day of 'fn-^^cooKa p,^
PACIFIC DEPART3IENT:
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AG3NTS
411 and 413 California St.
. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
6E0. A. MURDOCK & SON, CITY AGENTS
410 CALIFORNIA ST.. S. F., CAL
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PES YEASr
ADVEBTISEKENTS.
Cannot Rest
Your appetite la gone. What little you
eat distresses you. Strength is failing —
mro .bilious. You have headache, back-
•rhc. feel blu»» aud melancholy — and can
not rest or sleep. The fact is your
norvv-s arc unstrung and you are on the
verse of nervous prostration. They
must be strengthened, renewed. They
will not cure themselves, but must have
a nerve remedy. This you will find in
, Dr. Miles' Nervine
It is prepared for just such ailments,
is a never- fail in k remedy because it
soothes, feeds and builds the nerves
back to health.
If allowed to cont5r.ue. stomach, kld-
:i«-y and liver troubles will soon be add-
t-4 to your already overflowing measure
of misery.
?I suffered from nervous prostration.
*Yhen I begun taking Dr. Miles' JCcr\ine
1 couldn't hold anything: in my hands,
nor get from one room to another. Now
I do all my own work." — MRS. CHAS.
LANDRUM. Carthage. Mo.
Nervine seldom fails to do all we claim
for it. and so we authorize druggists to
refund money If first bottle does not ben-
fflt. ¦ ,
/
This is a better country »
live-in, because Schilling's Bcs.
is in it.
¦kjCjKHBMMflilsss^FT'BS " !
flgflf - , »s»s^issg. . -*^^BH i
V^jtoc-,; mocryWK _ J
ADVERTISEMENTS. ";C •
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50a and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by'all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge^from 1 to 4 p. nu
Avian- DR. JORDAN'S qreat2
iMUSEUM OF ANATOftY?
0 & 10WlCASKZTS!r.ttt.«ft7ti,3.r.C»!. | I
\ QT Tba Lsrr est Anatomical Museum in the
A World. Weaka«as*t et at; contracted 1 \
T C ijS&N MstMM r»»«««»« > '7 c»r«»l hy the oldest '
Q |Sj531 Speatlijt on the Coml Eitj* years. ©
6 fl^Sf 4 m ' JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ BfaipJhB Contultition fr«e and Mrictijr pritite. \
A I Jfl^» fl Tmm«t pcnonailf or by le:rcr. A Q
v B ( f Tl If Patuwa Acraia erer; cuze utuletttkn. \
AF. tin Wrfjifor Dook. PBILOIOPnv»r A
V • I Ilir BARH1ASB. MAILED 1-RE8. (AV
V Vft- JODDAX A CO.. 1051 -Market St.. 3. F. 9
F DR.PIERCES
GOLIDEKI
y_ -:/¦'¦¦ MEDICAL ;
DISCOVERY
I , FOR THE
{ rtLOOD, LeVER.LUMCS.j
1A/. T.HESS,
Notary Public and Attoraey-at-l*w.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus spreckels bldit.
. Telephone Main 983.
Residence, 1802 McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Pagf BB41. - '- -
HOTELS AN T D RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense of
{200,000 — New Management — ENTIRELY FIRE-
PROOF.
LOCATION — Very accer«ible to street car
lines, theaters, eta. - EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms In antique decoration*.
Turkish Baths In Hotel.
";; UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. D» Sin-
ter. Chef. ' formerly of < Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to 'Prince of V«alts.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephona Connec-
tions In every room; Ions distance connections
made with any part of the Coast. ¦
•Wire for reservations, at our expense.
v ' HOTEL BUTLSR. Seattle. Wash.'
PfliarP DOIVT/ FAIL TO
laidWW see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
auu Parlor, the
r ; ~ 4 PALM ROOM, the
tirnnO LOUIS XV PAR-
UlUilW LOR, and the LA-
U^i.«1« DIES' WRITING
Motels room.Immediately after the ceremonies a
grand barbecue was held on the
grounds, and following this a prome-
Grand Marshal Antone Avilar was
assisted by President of the Day Mi
chael E. Silva and M. M. Rodrigues aa
aids. The members of the committee
of arrangements for the celebration
and barbecue were:
Michael B. Silva. president; Joseph M. Rosa,
vice president: Antone Avilar, Joseph P. Ser
pa. Manuel A. Andrade, Manuel F. 8llva,
Frank S. Rcmalho and Frank Pine.
The fireworks display and the ball
last night were In charge of the follow
ing committees:
Committee of arrangements — J. C. Serpa, J.
J. Costa. Miguel I. Silva and J. M. Rosa.
Reception committee — Miss Marlanna Fra
ger. Miss Maggie Bernal, Miss Eldora Locke,
Mr». Mary Gomez, J. S. Solto, J. M. Rosa, J.
Soares, F. S..Romalho and F. de Mello.
Floor director— Thomas H. Silver.
Floor managers— Manuel A. Andrade. Jos* V.
Perelra. Frank Pine ana A- C. Avilar.
nade concert was rendered by the Plea
santon Band. The concert continued
until 5 o'clock this evening and closed
the largest Holy Ghost celebration ever
held In Pleasanton.
GRAND MARSHAL ASSISTED.
PLEASANTON, May 29.— Nearly ten
thousand people gathered at Pleasant
on to-day to witness the Holy Ghost
celebration and observance of Trinity
Sunday, which was held under the
auspices of Peixotto Council No. 15, I.
D. E. S., and the St. Isabel Society of
Pleasanton. The celebration was
opened last night with the removal or
the Holy Ghost crown from the resi
dence of Joseph P. Rosa, its custodian,
to the Holy Ghost Temple, on St. John
street. After the processlor* to the
grounds there was a splendid display
of fireworks and the evening's enter
tainment closed with a grand ball at
the Nevis Pavilion.
The celebration to-day began with a
parade from the headquarters of Pelx
otto Council to the Holy Ghost grounds,
where the crown was placed -In the
hands of little. Marie Vereia, the crown
bearer, and the march to the church
was begun. The procession was headed
by the members of Peixotto Council, led
SCENES AT PLEASANTON YESTERDAY DURING THE GREAT HOLY GHOST CEl^EBRATION AND OBSERVATION OT TRINI
TY SUNDAY. TEN THOUSAND PEOPLE ATTENDED AND HUNDREDS OF LITTLE GIRLS IN WHITE WERE IN THE
PROCESSION TO THE PLACE OF PRINCIPAL CEREMONIES.
ST." LOUIS, May 29.— According to
the official figures issued to-night by
the department of admissions of the
World's Fair, the attendance last week
was larger , by • nearly 50,000 than for
any previous six days.
Fair Attendances Increases.
OAKLAND. May 29.— A monster
vaudeville entertainment will be given
Thursday night ; at . the Macdonough
Theater, for, the benefit of the Oakland
Press Club. . On the programme will
be'i representatives from nearly all of
the theaters on both sides of. the bay.
. The theater has been reserved from
orchestra to gallery, and seats have
been placed at the uniform price of
50 cents. Tickets are on '. sale at the
Oakland theaters and at the- news
paper • offices. These tickets "may be.
exchanged at the Macdonough Theater.
Vaudeville Show on Large Scale to
Be Given Thursdny Night at the
'. ' Macdononjrh Theater.
BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT /
FOR OAKLAND PRESS CLUB
Investigating Suspicious Fires.
Charles Davis, a roomer at 100SH
Market street, discovered a fire under
the stairway at the address given
about 9 o'clock Saturday night and ex
tinguished it with a bucketful of wa
ter. H* discovered that the carpet lin
ing had been saturated with coal oil
and set on fire. The place is conduct
ed by Mrs. Addle Adama, who says
that a fire was started In the same
spot a few nights previous. Fire Mar
shal Tone has been notified and will
make an investigation.
The engagement Is announced of Misa M*mla
C. Dortmund, daughter of Mrs. Kata Dort
mund of San Francisco, and Charles J. Craw
ford of Berkeley. No time has yet been set
tor too weddlnar. -
BERKELEY. May 29.— The loan exhibition
of the Hillside Club yesterday afternoon and
evening In the Hillside schoolhouse was all of
the success that the club wished it to he.
There was a large attendance throughout. The
rerret la that the exhibition could not hav«
been spread over two or three days so that
many more people coald have had the oppor
tunity to see the collection of rare ornament.*.
It would be hard to estimate the educational
value of the- exhibit. Seventy-five famines
contributed the relics and heirlooms of a cen
tury and naturally they were all worth seeing.
There were rich tapestries a»J embroideries.
rare collections of china and valuable pieces
of pottery. These were all »Tanged as nearly
aa possible according tn the lands from which
they came, so that visitors could readily note
the kind of work each country produces. To
a committee of laAlea of the club, assisted hv
the suggestions of Charles Keeler. Its presi
dent. Is due the success of the exhibition.
Thes« ladies are Mrs. William J. Monro, Mrs.
C. M. Perkins. Mrs. John Galen Howard. Mrs.
James M. Pierce. Mrs. Almerlc Coxhead and
Mrs. Bricker.
BERKELEY. May 29. — Lookout
Mountain Post,' G. A.- R., and the
Woman Relief Corps will join In a
memorial service in honor of the sol
dier dead to-morrow evening in Shat
tuck Hall. For that occasion an elab
orate programme of patriotic numbers
has been arranged' and the hall has
already been draped with American
f.ags and hung with the pictures of
heroes of the late war. The follow
ing programme will be carried out:
PAyer, the: Rev. . B. F. j Sargent;
"Lincoln's Gettysburg Address," S. D.
Waterman;, song, "Columbus," Delia
Gilbert; song, "The .Vacant Chair,"
quartet; recitation, "How Uncle Mose3
Counted .Eggs," Gladys: Smith; war
songs of '61, Captain W. R. Thomas:
addrees, ,T. O. Crawford: violin solo.
O. M. Pausch; song, "Battle Cry of
Freedom," the audience; flute solo,
Clarence Merrill; "Sheridan's Ride," J.
R. Ayer; piano solo, Professor Eng
quest; "Bury Me With My Grand
Army Badge," Miss Ethel Barrows, ac
companied by Miss Navone^remarks,
Captain E. J. Martin; "We Deck. Their
Graves Alike To-Day,", quartet; trom
bone solo, W. B. Wells; "Battle Hymn
of. the Republic," Mrs. L. Cauch; "The
Sword of Bunker Hill"; character
sketch,; George Drum ; * song, "Papa's
Gone to War," Mrs. Tracy; "America,"
the audience.
LOOKOUT .'MOUNTAIN
POST TO HONOR DEAD
City Attorney McElroy has an
nounced that the many changes that
have been made in the bond ordi
nances force a delay. In view of these
conditions the decision has been
reached that it will be very . unwise to
call the election to be held during the
summer vacation, when many Inter
ested persons will be away from the
city. Rather than endanger the vote
on the bonds it is thought advisable to
wait until August.
City officials who have been exerting
themselves to hasten the preliminary
proceedings have canvassed the situa
tion and have settled upon a provi
sional date, about August 1, for the
election. The intention had been to
hold the election June 20, but postpone
ment is absolutely necessary that the
required legal procedure shall be ob
served.
The" municipal bond .election will not
be hejld uptil after the summer vaca
tion. "Various causes have contributed
to further delay In the preliminary
proceedings, most important of which
are the changes In some of the plans
that have _ been made concerning the
items to be submitted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 29.
At the tent meeting at Fifth and
Peralta streets this afternoon the Rev.
Ernest E. Baker, pastor of the First
Presbyterian Church, delivered an ad
dress to men. The meetings will" con-:
tinue evenings this week.' - ,'<
The Rev. L. P. Hitchcock of Alameda
preached thiB morning -at the -First
Congregational Church.
The Rev. Frederic H. Maar, pastor
of the Fourth *; Congregational , Church,
preached a Memorial day sermon this
evening., .' .' :
: At the First Presbyterian Church this
evening the ;. pastor, i the ¦ Rev.' E. • E.
Vesper services at 5 o'clock this aft
ernoon took the place of the regular
evening worship to-day at the First
Congregational Church. Devotional ex
ercises were held In connection with an
elaborate musical programme by solo
ists and a chorus of fifty voices.. Miss
Helen Dunham Sutphen of Alameda
gave violin numbers, including an obll
gato to an "Ave Maria" sung by Mrs.
Grace Davis Northrup and the chorus
choir. A number of selections appro
priate to Memorial day 'were rendered.
A special musical service, was held
this evening at the First Baptist
Church by the Young Men's Christian
Association orchestra, conducted by
Miss Winifred June Morgan. ' ->
The Rev. Owen Hotle, pastor of the
Eighth-avenue Methodist Church, will
begin a series of Sunday evening ser
mons during June on "The Four Di
mensions of a Man." The first sermon
will be preached June 5. The topics are
as follows: June 5, "A Man and His
Manhood" ; June 12, "A Man' and His
Wife"; June 19, "A Man and His Chil
dren"; June 26, "A Man and His
Friends." .
The Rev. H. A. Buchtell, D. D.,
chancellor of the University of Den;
ver, preached this morning at the First
Methodist Church. This evening the
pulpit was occupied by the Rev. Hugh
Johnston, D. D., formerly pastor of the
the Metropolitan Church of Washing
ton, D. C. Both of these prominent
clergymen were delegates to the quad
rennial conference of the Methodist
church at Los Angeles.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 1118 Broadway, May 29.
GIVE DISCOURSE
TO METHODISTS
BOND ELECTION
IS POSTPONED
Colonel George French, commanding
the Pacific Coast division of the Salva
tion Army, gave a talk to-day before
the Men'B Sunday Club at the Eighth
avenue Methodist Church on "The
Practical Work of the Salvation Army."
The Rev. J. C. Colyar of Alameda
occupied the pulpit this evening at th€
Thirty-fourth-street MethodlsUChurch.
The Rev. Thomas P. Boyd conducted
services to-day at the Tenth-avenue
Baptist Church. :
A Memorial day address was deliv
ered this morning at Golden Gate Pres
byterian Church by the Rev. Fred
Johnston, the pastor.
Baker, gave a discourse to the Grand
Army of the Republic, v
B C. Hawea (administrator e«Ute Henry M
Scudder) to Jerome C. Ford, lot on N 1H* of
Allston (Second) street. 214:3 E of Third I av£
nue E 134. 313 to center Strawberry CWk
NW to point directly opposlte^olnt^f bSrtn
nl . n .f nd ,, dlata 4 nt "l!T from 375 °" "» Parallel
with K line of Third avenue. S 875 to beirtn.
nlng. , lot 9. block 2, plan State u^vVrsltT
Homestead Association. Berkeley; al» lot oJ
E line of Aeton (Second) avenue *70 a £
AMg)^street. 8 135 by E 202.10!: «. block °l.
S. H. and Llda Fraxler to D. L. and Addle
D. Jungck, lot on E line of Euclid avenui.
107.57 N of Vine, N 50 by E 13o7 lot aK
1. Wheeler Tract. Berkeley; $10 '¦ **
Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to William
Wilkinson, lots 7 and 18. block 24, McGeS
BStoieyTlw! «T. Kellersberrer-? survey!
Rockwood and Mary A. Flint to E. Thelen
lot on NE corner of McGee and Virgin* streets'
E 40 by N 100. lot 11 and portion of lot 10.'
block C. Edith Tract. Berkeley; $1350
E. and Fanny Thelen to Horace A. Johnson
same; $10. ¦ *
Alice Crlttenden (widow) to same same oni»
clalm deed; $10. \ ¦ ' me> qult
Mountain View Cemetery Association to De
his Pratt, lot in cemetery. Oakland TownshlD*
$135.
Harlow P. Bancroft to H. 2. Howard lot 3.
block O. map Santa Fe Tract No. 2. Oakland
deed and agreement: $10. .. *
Wellmen, Peck & Co. (corporation) to Ellx
abeth C. Palmer, lot on X line of HUlsborough
street, 150 W from E line of Plat 12. Watson
Tract, W 50 by N 85:7H. being SW portion of
subdivision 2 of redlvlsion of Plat 12, Watson
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Harry. J. and Jessie C. Knowles and Sam
Bell McKee (as trustees under the will of
Julia il. Coleman) to John Ludemann, lot on
BE corner of West and Ninth streets, 3 100 by
E 75, lots 5 to 8. block 95, Kellersbergers
map. Oakland; $3875.
The Belden Building and Investment Com
pany to Cass L. Gilson, lot on S line of Syc
amore street, 566:8 W of Telegraph avenue.
W 83:4 by S 100, Oakland; $10.
• Emily F. Dunn (wife of John M.) to Wil
liam H. Sammls (single), lot on S line of Al
bion street, 317:7 E of Grove. E 35, S 140:SW.
W 35. N 140:«H. being E 10 feet of lot 33
and W 25 of lot 37, Alden Tract. Oakland; $10.
James S. and Lizzie C. Naismith to Sara
Dell Wakefield. lots 26 to 20. 31 and 32, block
82. map Northern Addition to Brooklyn, East
Oakland; $10.
James and Acnes Potter. John and Matilda
Potter to Joseph Potter, lot on S corner ot
Eighth avenus and East Fifteenth street. SW
50 by SE 110, block 59. Clinton. East Oakland'
a! no lot on SW line of East Fifteenth street
110 SK of Eighth avenue. SE 40 by SW 100
block 69. same. East Oakland; $10.
Jarvls L. and Eva B. Smiley to W. E. Gil
man, lot on W line of Watts street. 158 N of
Forty-fifth. W 125, S 158. E 125. N to begin
ning of lots 10 to 12 and portion of lot 0.
block 3. map of portion of Coggoshall Tract!
W of San Pablo avenue. Oakland TownshiD
$1750.
San Francisco Savings Union to Walter A
Gompertr, lot 8, map Peralta. Park, Berkeley
$10. m " _ . .
Andrew and Clara Swanson to John II. An
derson, lot on SB line of Glen avenue, 40 SW
of Linda avenue, SW 40 by SE 120, being sub
division 2. in lot 36. map No. 3, Glen Echo
Tract, etc., Oakland; Jlo.
Holcomb Land company . (Heron-Holcomh
Company) to S. H. Jackson and W. W. Whit
more, lot on N line of Sixth street. 87:6 E of
Brush, B 37:6 by N 100, lot 27 and portion of
lot 23. block 70, Kellersberger's map, Oakland;
Alameda County.
SATURDAY. MAT 23.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
A. R. Denke — Real property and buildln*
are booming at the West End, and I am now
completing four cottages in the vicinity of
Fifth street and Halght avenue, and can either
rent or sell them, as I have had many in
quiries from prospective tenants and pur
chasers. These cottages cost from $1*000 tt.
$2500 each, and plans are ready for the con
struction of several more by. owners of prop
erty adjacent to the tract on which the houses
are located. The demand for nouses to rent
furnished and unfurnished for the summer i»
as large as It usually Is at this season but
I notice that our local property owners and
real estate agents are not In a hurry to cater
to this "butterfly" business, as we* call it.
What we need here is permanent home-makers
They are the persons that build up a city
ttft.ll.ertheEcOaest£xavf uoauo. BE SB EEBEEE
Charles Adams of Charles Adams & Co —
Business with us has been lively during th»
last week. We have had more demands for
houses to rent than we could meet. Many 01
these have been for cottages located through
the central section of the city, between Mas
tick and Grand-street stations. Any capital
ist with money to Invest could reap a good
Interest by Investing; some of his surplus cash
in the construction of modern cottages.' They
always rent for good money and are easy to
eelL 1 >i'«rt 111HI-1 liy'IIIM*<i'M»Mll» 1 .1
Concerning the condition of the real
estate business local agents expressed
themselves as follows:*
William Hammond Jr. of Hammond & Ham
mond— We have had numerous inquiries for
building sites for homes, and most of these
have bt>en for lots of fifty feee or more front-
Age. The majority of the seekers after thes*
lots plan to build, and are not speculating In
property. We look for an Increase In the
building boom that Is now on. Any one that
erects a modern cottage will ha\-e a host of
people seeking: to rent it when It is completed.
During the week we sold the residence of Dr.
C. W. R. von Radesky on San Jose avenue
and Oak street, and we have other deals In
process of negotiation.
Frank N. Dodd of the Alameda Land Com
pany—Although this Is the season of the yea.
when one expects realty deals and building to
be light, there is much doing In Alameda.
Many homes are In course of erection, and ad
ditional contracts are to be recorded. We ar*
building an eight-room house on St. Charles
street for Mr. Newton, a colonial cottage for
XV. E. Bowdltch. a five-room cottage on San
Joea avenue, a six-room House on Briggs
avenue, two two-story residences on Central
avenue, a six-room cottage of Paru street, ana
are closing a deal for the transfer of a $12,000
residence on Grand street. •
ALAMEDA, May 28.— There has been
a noticeable improvement in the tone
of the local realty market during the
last week, especially in the demand for
houses to rent. This in a measure Is
due to the annual hegira of people
from San Francisco and other places to
Alameda to spend the warm season, as
this city in many ways offers all the
pleasures of a seaside resort and. has
the advantage of being close to the me
tropolis of the Pacific Coast. The de
mand for houses to rent from others
seeking permanent residences here has
also been brisk, and to the latter the
real estate men have given preference
as against the "butterfly tourists"
who Just flit in for a short time and
flit away again when the summer days
are over. "-..=;'
other lots have been sold by Mr. Law
ton to people intending to build on
Grove street, which is now being
looked upon with favor by many new
comers to Berkeley.
ALAMEDA DEALS.
BERKELEY, May 29. — District
Lodge No. 5, Good Templars, will meet
to-morrow at Odd Fellows' HaT? in
this city. After the credentials com
mittee has reported and the reports
of the officers are read, appropriate
Memorial day exercises will be held
and addresses deliverd by J. W. Webb,
P. G. C. T., of Fresno and other Good
Templars. The executive committee
is composed of the following officers:
A. C. Banta, district chief templar;
J. IL Robins, district counselor; Mrs.
L. Saunders, district vice templar;
William Kriess, P. D. C. T.; Mrs. C. R.
Sain, district secretary; C. West, dis
trict marshal; Mrs. S. Funston, dis
trict guard, and A. Patterson, district
sentinel.
Good Templars* Meeting.
' Mrs. VT. W. Standeford has returned from
Santa Barbara.
Mrs. F. I. Kendall Is gota* to Highlands,
San Bernardino County, next week • for a
short sojourn.
Althouch both will be home weddings. ths
details are being planned on rather an elab
orate scale.
Two weddings of more than ordinary Interest
are scheduled to take place on June 23—
those of Miss Lullta Wasley and Frank Mc-
Cuen and A»a Mendenhall and Miss Florence
Hatch.
Mr. and Mrs. James Tyson entertained In *
delichtful manner at their home In Alameda.
last nicht. their guests being the members of
an evening five hundred club.
Those present* were Mr. and Mr*. Felton
Taylor. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lovell, Mr. a.Ti
Mrs. Lee Cole Burnham. Mr. ana Mrs M
Searles, Mr. and Mrs. Frank C. Watson. Mr"
and Mrs. WUlard Williamson, Mr. and ins
Roy Mauvals.
'l"he windows of the musio room face the
garden and were thrown wide open for th»
occasion, so, though the musicians were in
doors, they were quite distinctly heard by
those outside. No lesser lights in ti« musical
world than Dr. II. J. Stewart and Edward
Xavier Kolker contributed several r»ry de
lightful Instrumental and vocal numbers. Joe
RoBborough. who is himself one of Oakland' *
sweetent singers, and Oscar Prank also sang
The eye as well as the ear was pleased at
this charming affair, for a number of pretty
ilrls from both sides of the oay wer» pres
ent and in their dainty summur gowns added
effectually to the general plcturesqueneva
Mabel Toy came over from San Francisco to
attend the garden party and was very stun
no- in a blue and white polka dot foulard
and a big black hat with pink roses. Isabella
Kendall and Ada Kenna both wore striking
rowns of white. Dollie Tarpey of Alameda
Laura Sanborn and Bessie Palmer were also
conspicuous in this charming coterie of girls.
Some of the others present were Mrs. Henry
Weatherbee. Mrs. T. C. Coogan. Miss Cocgan.
Mrs. Charles Houghton. Miss Ruth Houghtou
Mrs. J. It. Buraham. Miss Lucretla Burn ham'
Miss Viva Nicholson. Misses Reed. Mrs. Luu.i
Tashlera, Mrs. E. B. Sanborn. Mrs. Ceorsa
Carr. Miss Grace Bailey. Miss E]sl« Maxwell
Mrs. Q. A. Chase. Miss Helen Chase. Miss
Constance McKlr.non. Mr. ana Mrs. C. P
Robinson. Miss Helen Robinson. Dr. and Mrs"
Shepherd. Major Stephenson, U. S. A.; Fred
erick Johnson. IT. S. A.; Dr. Lawrence. U. S
A.; Philip Paschel. Rosa E. i_>avi 9 , Louis Al
len, Oscar Frank. Rlchworth Nicholson, U
S. A., and Suroner Hardy.
OAKLAND, May 29. — The picturesque horn*
of Mrs. A. M. Rosborough presented aa at'
tractive appearance yesterday afternoon dur
ing the garden muslcale planned by her son,
Joseph Rosborough. Seats were conveniently
arranged on the lawn in front of the house
and the guests made themselves comfortable
there while listening to the muslo and enjoy
ing light refreshments.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND, May 29.— The funeral
of the late George S. Evans was held
this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock
from the Evans residence, 536 Twenty
second street. Many friends of the
young attorney attended the services.
Representatives of the, Alameda
County Bar Association arid from the
Board of Free Library Trustees, of
which Mr. Evans was a member, gave
testimony by their presence of sym
pathy and grief. Beautiful flowers in
profusion filled the parlors.
The services were very simple and
were conducted by the Rev. F« L.
Hosmer, minister of the First Uni
tarian Church of Berkeley. The pall
bearers were John de Lancgy Jr., John
W. Stetson, Clarence Crowell, Jesse
Dibert, G. Franck and Edward R.
Eliassen. The remains were cremated.
Friends Mourn at Bier of Younsr. At
torney, Whose Untimely Death is
Much Deplored.
LAST RITES ARE HELD
OVER GEORGE S. EVAN'S
President Charles W. Dabney. Uni
versity of Tennessee. "The Experiences
of the South in Regard to Coeduca
tion and Other Forms of Education for
Women."
President R. H. Jejge. University of
Missouri. "Coeducation as It Has
Been Tested in the State Universities."
President G. Stanley Hall, Clark
University, and President James B.
Angell, University of Michigan, sub
jects not yet arranged.
Chancellor E. Benjamin Andrews,
University of Nebraska. "The General
Tendencies of College Athletics."
Chancellor Frank Strong. University
of Kansas, "The Highest Standards of
College Athletics— Outright Amateur
ism."
President Charles F. Thwinsr. West
ern Reserve University. "The "Women's
Annex versus Coeducation."
As president of the department of
higher education of the National Edu
cational Association, President "Wheel
er of the University of California has
received acceptances from the heads
of universities In various part* of the
country to discuss two great subjects
at the annual meeting to be held this
summer at the St. Louis Fair. These
men are to address themselves to two
main topics of discussion. "Coeduca
tion in Relation to the Other Types of
College Education for Women" and
"The Present Tendencies of College
Athletics." .The meeting is to extend
over two days, June 29 and July 1,
when the following programme will be
carried out, coeducation having been
reserved for the first day and athletics
for the second day:
Berkeley Offlc» San Francisco Call.
214S Center Street. May 23.
President Wheeler Invites
Prominent Men to Speak
at St. Louis Gathering
EDUCATORS TO
TALK AT FAIR
Xow. my comrades. In view of the truth
that our time is short, and the end of the
march in sight. let us get ready for the home
going. Let us be certain of our peace with
God and sure that our names are on hi*
muster-rcll. Let us put on the uniform of
righteousness when we put off our faded suits
of blue. Our time is short. Next year sur
viving comrades may place Cowers on some
of our graves. Taps will soon sound for us;
lights will soon be out. Some of us may even
now be very near to the sergeant who calls
the roll in heaven. It Is called loud there
and can be heard on earth. On the battle
field of Antletam a soldier lay dying from
wounds. A chaplain passing near by heard
the familiar words: "Here! Here!" and turn-
Ing to the prostrate man be asked "What do
you want? Can I help you?" "No," re
spended the brave fellow whose life was ebbing
away. "I Just heard my name called In heaven
and was answering to It. Good by. chaplain."
They had come from the Influences of good
homes; they had been born of parents In
whom the elements of patriotism Innately re
posed: they had been raised amid the Influences
of splendid religious training and they had not
been effeminated by the slave system. They
fought, bled and died, true to God, to home
and to native land.
TUUE TO NATIVE LAXD.
In making these references God forbid that
I should by any word or insinuation belittle
the veterans of the South. No. far be It from
me to do so. They were worthy of our steel.
They fought under more unfavorable conditions
than did our men; they put their all upon the
altar and got nothing in return for what they
contended. They were brave foes and we had
to sorrowfully acknowledge It on many battle
field*. Their officers were In the main, gen
tlemen, brave, efficient and capable. It would
be wrong to rank them below our men. for
they were onr brethren. American citizens,
and have since that awful strife proved their
loyalty by standing sid« by side with our men
from the North In the Spanish-American War.
For our departed comrades I will say they
were part of the most magnificent army ever
mustered on our globe and the like of which
the world may never see again.
TVe believe that the hand of God> wrote the
emancipation proclamation. which forever
settled the question of human slavery on earth.
a:id that Abraham Lincoln, acting as his
divinely appointed private secretary, put it
on pap?r and proclaimed It to the world.
There wero some very significant matters
In connection with the Civil War in which we
observe the hand of God clearly manifested.
First. In the frenzy and Impatience of the
people of the South to open the fight and
precipitate their undoing. There la an old say-
Ing "that whom the gods would destroy, they
first make mad." The people of the South were
mad for the strife and so they hastily fired
the shot that began the terrible war and
abolished their, pet Institution from America.
Seconi, their arms were almost generally
victorious up to the time of the Issuing of the
emancipation proclamation. But after that
the I'nion forces prevailed mightily. This
signified that the hand of God was upon the
nation, and that If we did not put away
slavery he would wipe us from the face of the
earth.
GOD ENDED SLAVERY.
What shall we say in memory of our fallen
comrades and of the gr»at struggle in which
they so nobly figured? The hand of which w«
have spoken was manifestly with them, work
ing out the great purposes of the Almighty and
the destiny of the nation. Surely In the light of
the present greatness of our country among
tho nations cf the world we may find words
of pnise for the men that sacrificed their
lives for the j reservation of liberty in America.
Thero Is a supreme God that watches over
the affalni of men, an infinite will that has
to do with the destiny of nations, a master
mind that shapes all things toward a definite
em* with an eternal purpose and builds all
things after a perfect plan. His hand, which
is the emblem of Infinite power ana omnipo
tence. Is stretched out over the nations of the
earth.
Rev. Gilman Parker's sermon was en
titled "The Hand That Is Stretched Out
Upon Nations." In delivering it he said
in part:
1 ¦ ALAMEDA, May 29.— Memorial ser
vices for the nation's departed defend
ers held in the First Baptist Church
this morning were made notable by the
attendance in a body of the members
"of Joe Hooker Post No. 11. O. A. R..
and of the delivery of a sermon by the
Rev. Gilman Parker, pastor of the
church and himself a veteran of the
Civil War. Patriotic hymns were In
cluded In the selections rendered by a
special choir, and there were also songs
by a class of children, each little singer
holding a small flag. An address to an
old battle flag. "Touch Lightly the
Tatters," was recited by Mrs. E. G.
Smith.
A number of lots in the Berry-Bangs
Tract have been sold recently by F. H.
Lawton. This tract is in the neighbor
hood of a lot of handsome residences
and is very desirable. One of these
Jots was sold to T. E. Hicks, an East
ern lumber merchant, who will build a
J5000 residence at the corner on Russell
street and Benvenue • avenue. - Five
Joseph J. Mason has Just 'sold four
Iota in the same district to purchasers
who promise to build fine homes on
them. The lots front on Webster
street and are near Judge Garber's
beautiful country home. The purchas
ers are Alexander Bowmann. Mrs.
Shrout, Mrs. Fannie Martens tein and
Lorin Bricker. Mr. Mason has ' also
Bold to Mrs. F. H. Lee of Chlco the res
idence at 2204 Dwight way, the pur
chase price being $5500. Mrs. Lee is
coming to Berkeley, to stay while her
eon attends the university.
F. C. Johnson, a San Francisco lum
ber merchant, has Just arranged
through Juster &. Baird for the build
ing; of a residence of the colonial type
of architecture on Benvenue avenue
It is to adorn one of those tracts spo
ken of in southeast Berkeley, at the
foot of the hills. The cost is going to
be about J6000.
BERKELEY, Mav 29.— In conse
quence of the approach of the summer
months there is a slowing up in the
number, of real estate transactions.
This does not mean, however, that
there is not still considerable buying
and selling. Some people are shrewd
enough to know that the best time to
buy is when trade is a little slack and
they are Just now driving the best bar
gains. A number of people have al
ready purchased in anticipation of the
reopening of the college year in Aug
ust, having planned to get their fami
lies well settled before then.
Buyers are manifestly more inter
ested in the north and south extremes
of Berkeley than in the other parts.
Thye seem to think that the most de
eirahle portions of town are away from
the business center. Therefore the
tracts of land that have hitherto re
mained almost barren are now being
filled up with residences of the most
desirable kind.
BERKELEY SITUATION*.
F. F. Porter of Oakland: Business baa
been good for the last month, with a good
outlook for the coming month. We experience
more trouble In finding desirable property at
reasonable prices than finding buyers. The
Inquiry for medium-priced property is espe
cially rood. With the advent of the "Key"
Route into Oakland to Fourteenth street the
»«w hotel proposition and other substantial
ttnprovements about to be realized, Oakland
will enter into an era of prosperity equaled by
no other city on the Pacific Coast, and it
will not be of the mushroom variety. Any in
vestment In Oakland realty, properly made.
Is as safe as United States bonds, with the
income quadrupled, and now Is the time to
buy, for after the November election and va
cation time have passed the present prices are
cure to advance. .
L.. L. M. Salisbury of Frultvale: All the
real ectat« men in Frultvale have all the
business they can attend to. Many Eastern
people are purchasing lots in that vicinity
lor the purpose of erecting homes, and almost
all of these sales are cash inFtead of instali
tner.t. es formerly. There are practically no
houses for rent anywhere In Frultvale. We
have calli for houses for rent every day, but
tt Is impossible to secure houE««s at any price.
The proposed change of the Southern Pacific
Company's Seventh street local line to a fact
•lectrlc road will materially increase the
value cf 'Fruitvale property; In fact, the an
nouncement that such a change would be
made ha* already caused a slight advance. 1
have had several Inquiries for factory ' sites
on the casal front lately, and I think that be
fore long several factories will be started in
frulrvaJe. I believe that the organization of
the Board of Trade of Frultvale will also
hare a stimulating effect on the real estate
tnarkrt. • %
in ail parts < f Oakland and valuer in En. t
Oakland property are steadily advancing. AVe
have had a larte number of Inquiries for loca
tions for wholesale business houses and the
)•• ¦¦; '¦(¦ making these inquiries nearly all wish
to lease for ten years or more. Nearly ail
of the people seeking business locations want
rites "either on North Broadway or on Lower
Iiroadway. We ar* at present receiving a
large number of Inquiries for Boulevard
Heights property, which comprises a tract
©f two hundred lota. Within the last montn
we have placed on the market "a large tract
facing Lake Merrltt.
or business daring the rummer. There Is a
rtcady d/pmand for vacant residence property
Taylor Brothers & Co.: We are thoroughly
satisfied with the present condition of the mar
ket and everything points to an excellent run
The following statements by real es
tate men in various parts of Oakland,
Berkeley and Alameda prove that pre
eent conditions are satisfactory:
The present situation in the local real
estate market is most encouraging and
dealers are well satisfied that the sum
mer of 1904 will be the best so far ex
perienced. Large numbers of Eastern
homeseekers are purchasing property in
this city, and are erecting handsome
houses and co'ry cottages, proving that
they intend to make Oakland their
home. This, of course, will result In an
Increase in business of all kinds, and
if the present rate of increase in popu
lation is maintained during the next
four months, Oakland will have good
cause to be proud of its record at the
close of the summer.
Tfce merchant* of Frultvale believe that the
crr&nizuUcn ¦ cf a Board of Trade h^re will
rerult In a treat deal of rood, and will ma
terially hasten the development of this com
munity. It will at aa)' rat* serve to bring
the business men Into clow touch v.iih each
other and thii alone cannot but result in ben
efiting- all of us. ' There are already fifty
members in the organization and after the
f.-fi meeting* we hope to enroll many mere.
REAL ESTATE 31ARKET.
The merchants and business men of
FirultvaJe have recently completed the
organization of a commercial body
-*'hi«h Is to be known aa the Board of
Trade of Fruitvale, and the first regu
lar meeting, at which officers and di
rector* will be elected, will .be held next
Tuesday evening. Fifty prominent
merchants and firms In the vicinity of
Frultvale are already members of the
organization and it to expected that a*
coon as permanent organization Is ef
fected* xa any others will become mem
bers.
The work" of organtring the Board of
Trade was first taken up by W. E. Ru
dell and Da Loss Pratt, and as soon as
the project 'was fairly launched others
quickly became advocates of the new
organization and little difficulty was
experienced in securing members. It is
expected that Adolph Lorsbach will be
elected president of the new organiza
tion a* the meeting next Tuesday even-
Ing. The other officers have not yet
been selected. The first meeting will
be held at the office of W. E. Rudell,
corner of FruitvaJe avenue and Wash
ington street. Mr. Rudell. a prominent
real estate dealer of Frultvale, in dis
cussing the new organization, said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 29.
Abbie Sherlock, 21 years old, commit
ted eutcide this afternoon by drinking
carbolic acid at her father's horse-trad
ing camp. East Twelfth street and
Twentieth avenue. The young woman
had quarreled during- the afternoon
with her parents, and piqued by the
differences went behind the camp
wagon and took the fatal draught.
Miss Sherlock had desired jto leave
her parents, but her father hid her
trunk and refused to allow his daugh
ter to get her clothing. It was after
this disturbance that she drank the
poison.
Just before the desperate girl quaffed
the fatal dose she kissed her baby Bis
ter, affectionately bidding the little one
good-by. Other younger members of
the family witnessed the scene, but did
not give the young woman's action spe
cial thought. They did not realize It
was the girl's last farewell.
There was a scurrying for assistance
when the girl's condition was discov
ered by her people. They found Dr. W.
W. Kergan and Dr. Holmes. But the
physicians could not save the patient's
life. The young woman died at 5:15
o'clock, less than an hour after she
took the Doison. Coroner Mehrmann
has charge of the case.
The family, composed of Martin
Sherlock and his wife and ten chil
dren, came here three weeks ago from
Los Angeles. They are itinerants, mov
ing from place to place as fancy and
business, that of horse dealing, dictate.
The dead girl was a native of Iowa.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 29.
Homeseekers Are Flockr
ing to the Cities on
the Eastern Bay Shore
Rey. Gilman Parker Speaks
Kindly of All the Brave
That Fell in Civil War
Refusal of Father to Per
mit Her to Secure Clothing
Cause of Her Rash Act
COMEADE IS PREACHER
WANTS TOLEAVEFAMILY
SEAL ESTATE IS ACTIVE
Abbie Sherlock, Piqued at
Parents, Kisses Little Sis
ter and Swallows Poison
Joe Hooker Post Members
Attend Services in Body
at First Baptist Church
Merchants and Business
Men of That Section
Form a Board of Trade
VETERANS HEAR
MEMORIAL TALK
ANGER PROMPTS
GIRL'S SUICIDE
START A BOOM
FOR FRUITVALE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 30, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Ten Thousand People Gather to Witness Interesting Ceremonies
of the Day, Then Remain to Enjoy a Grand Ball ' at Nevis
Pavilion in the Evening, and Fireworks Illumine the Sky
HOLY GHOST CELEBRATION AND TRINITY
SUNDAY OBSERVANCE AT PLEASANTON
by Grand Marshal Antone C. Avilar
and Michael E. Silva, Following; the
council were the ladles of the St. Isa
bel Society, under the leadership of
their president, Mrs. Marlanna M.
Rosa. Mrs. Marie Gomez acted as
marshal of the society.
LITTLE GIRLS NUMEROUS.
After the St. Isabel Society came
fifty little girls in white dresses, who
acted as maids of honor to the queen
of the celebration, Miss Marie Silva,
and the crown bearer. The line of
march was from the Holy Ghost Tem
ple, on St. John street, to Rose street,
to the church on Rose street, where
the service of the Holy Ghost was
held.
After the services, which occupied
more than an hour, the procession re
formed and marched once more to the
Holy Ghost Temple, where the crown
was returned to the custodian.
4
On Jnne 1st the Oakland
agency and news headquarters
of this paper will he removed
from 111S Broadway to 101*
Broadway, Oakland, CaL
CALL AGENCY REMOVAL
NOTICE^
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street. *
Telephone North IT. «
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4593.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYTh« glow of the rising mi a Is a (lit edf* en
the horizon— a promise of power and parity, mm
In the brand "Old Gilt Edge" on whiskey.
Wholesaleat 29-oUSaUery.Wlclinum,Lutc«n&Co*
A tally-ho party, with one of the
pretty spots near the foothills of Oak
land as a resting place, was given Sun
day, May 22, as the first of. a series of
summer outingsby a party pf young
folks from this side of the bay.* Those
comprising the party tvere: Miss Adelo
They were married May 23, 1844, at
the Parish Church, Guisely, near Leeds,
Yorkshire. England, and came to this
country in the spring of 1865, landing at
New York on the day of the Lincoln
funeral procession in that city. Mr.
Bretherlck established the manufacture
of felt carpets and table covers at Bris
tol, Pa., an Industry, he had followed as
manager In England.
About thirty guests were present to
enjoy the reminiscences of the old peo
ple. Mrs. F. V. Cox. Mrs. M. Pearce,
Miss Grace Ewing and. Mr. F. Veaco
contributed to the evening's enjoyment
by singing old English songs. An origi
nal poem written for the occasion by
Mrs.' H. Bretherick was read. The
floral .decorations of the home were
beautiful, the flowers having been do
nated - by loving friends.
An interesting and somewhat unusual
anniversary was held at the home of
II. Bretherlck, organist of the First
Unitarian Church, at ,1204, McAllister
street, last Monday evening, it being
the sixtieth wedding anniversary of his
parents, Mr. and Mrs. James Brethe
rick, both o'f whom are now 84 years
old, and yet In the enjoyment of every
faculty, living an active and happy
life.
Home Parties.
Wife of a Letter-Carrier and Mother
of Five Cliildren Attempts to
Commit Suicide.
Mrs. M. C. London, wife of a let
tpr-carrler and mother of five young
children, attempted to end her life by
dr;n!;ing carbolic acid yesterday after
noon. Fhe took the poison at her
home. 431 First avenue, and was dis
covered :n great agony a short time
, afterward. Dr.. Bosquoitz of the Park
Hospital responded to the call and at
tended the woman until the a'rrival of
Dr. F. C. Muller. After emetics were
given the woman was pronounced on
%h<? way to recovery.
Domestic infelicity, according to the
woman" js story, prompted the deed.
She was not happy and accused her
husband of making her way in life a
thorny one. Mrp. London is but 30 ;
years old. The oldest of her five chil- I
dren is n.bout 6 years of age.
TAKKS ACID TO ESCAPE
FROM DOMESTIC WOES
RIVERSIDE HOTEL— Fred O. - Nickl.n.
George A.. Dake. Newburyport, Ind.; O. W.
Farver. Montezuma. Ind.: E. Bridge. Stock
ton; W. J. Seat and wife. Mrs. S. H. Seat,
Couer d'Alene, Idaho; F. L. Winter and wife,
Richmond Ohio; A. C. Jacobs and wife, El
more. Minn. ; Rev. 8. F. Beardslee and wife.
Watkins. N. Y.: William M. Brown and wife.
Hollldaysbunr. Pa- : ' L. E^ Hosklns. San Di
ego; Miss M. C. Black. Mrs. W..C. Armor,*
Harrlsburg, Pa. : Mrs. L. Miller. Fremont,
Nebr.: Mrs. M.- C. Bradley. Frecport. HI.;. Mrs.
Homer C. Croscup. Brooklyn. N. Y.; Mrs. Elihu
F. Turner Boston. Mass. ; E. Y. Hutchison and
wife. Mineral Point. WIs.; C. O. Chicheeter and
wife, Plawrvllle, CSal.: Mrs. 8. E. Tompklna,
Mls» Tompkins. South Carolina; Mrs. \ W. R.
Shrleves." Elizabeth Shrleves, Wilmington,
Ohio; Joseph Homer and wife, Pittsburg, Pa.;
P L. Archibald. Thomaa F. Guest and wife.
A.'E Blackman and wife. L. Schoenberg and
wife/ Mrs. C. Metzger.' Edward Metzger ana
wife. San Francisco; C. L. Hills, Crawfords
vllle Ind.: George McDormlt and wife. Franfc
Purcell and . wife. Madison.- Tvis. ; - P. J. Mur
phy and wife. Toledo", Ohio; Rev. Joseph
Homer and wife, PUUburr, Pa,- - --• I
HOTEL LYNDON: From San Francisco—
F. C. Hyde, Mrs. F. C. Hyde. L. A. Souc,
Mrs. L. A. Souc. Mrs. M. C. Hooke. William
F. - Hooke. Harry G. Mertell, C. A. Grow.
Mrs. C. A. Grow, Mrs. James B. Smith, Miss
Alma Smith, W. E. Floyd*. W. K. Crowell.
Mrs. A. Doriand. Henry Grove, G. Lambert.
Mrs. Lily MIddleton, James Finn, Mrs. M. J
Haln. D. A. White. From . Oakland — George
H. Wheaton. Mrs. George H. Wheaton, Mies
Margaret Mosely. George W. Wallace, E. F.
Taylor, Mrs. ; Charles Clayton. Mrs. W. H.
Qulnn. J. R. Burriham, Miss Lucretla Burn
ham, i Miss May Coogan, Roy J. Summers. M.
M.' Hoffman. From Alameda — Peter Clarke,
E. J. Dodge Mrs. E. J.- Dodge. From Healds
burB—Mrs. Sarah I. Cummings and family.
HOTEL ROWARDENAN. at Ben Jiomond :
From San Francisco— Mrs. Leonard M.
ver Mehr and «on, B. P. Kltt
and wife. , Ralph A. Grover, wife and
child/ Mr. and Mrs. Wakefleld Baker.
Miss Marian Baker, C. W. Hlbbard. wife and
chird; George Armstrong. Miss Dodge. Miss
Garber, Miss Throckmorton. E. S. do Wolfe.
Mrs. d» Wolfe, Mrs. Shaughnessy, T. F. Su
gaue. Berkeley — Mr. and Mrs. J. II. Marshall
and family, George D Dornin and wife, Henry
F. Welch ; and Norman Welch of Charleston.
S. C. Oakland— Mrs. W. H. Halbert, Mr. and
Mrs. G. D. Greenwood. Mr and Mrs. Churchill
Taylor. Loa Angeles — Walter Llndley, John C.
Austin. Falrfleld — B. Sheldon. Santa Cruz —
Miss Merrill. Miss T. Briedy. E. L. Renvllle.
New York — Mlss> Agnes Mahler. Fresno — W.
L. Cresmer.
Grenninger, G. 8. Pag* and wife. Fred Cox.
A. W. Ftnk and wife, E. A. Holmes Mrs.
Noonan. Mrs. Hanigan and child. J. Silver
man, L. C. Murphy and wife, Thomas D.
Rlordan and wife, Leo T. Volz. "William G.
Meagher. Mrs. C. B. Dean, Keith K. Dean.
Mrs. McNaughton, Mrs. Annie Franklin. Mrs.
William Andrews. Alameda — Mr. and Mrs.
Hugo Durroneck and family, Mrs. Charles
Shattuck. Oakland — Helen E. Jones. Salinas
— Steve Hauser. Harrington — E. A. Grau. San
Francisco — J. J. Llal. "
The Uno Club held its first outing at
Camp Taylor, Sunday, May.. 15. TWe
day, an ideal one, was pleasantly
spent, and the bowling. In which the
young ladies as well as the young men,
participated, proved to be an interest
ing and enjoyable pastime. Those who
attended were: The Misses Alma
Thode. Irene Mocker. Mathilda Mues,
Etta Meyer, Frieda Munster. Estella
Selk. Emma Selk, Tlllie Nienburg, Frie
da Heitmuller, Dora Heitmuller, Clytell
Wilkes, Ida Wilkes; the Messrs. Henry
Jcost, Arthur Thode. Lorenz Hansen,
R, J. Wood, William Xienburg, C. R.
Wilkes, Phil Vogel, Fred Selk, George
Besthorn, Chris Mues, Ralph Barthels,
Fletcher Keltey, Walter Karstens,
Matt I^eu. G. Hamilton, and Mrs.
Thode, Mrs. Wood and Mrs. Wilkes.
Club Parties.
Tralr-s on Carson and Colorado Railroad run
£ai!y bctTr<»«i Mound House and Kec'er, with
out ttopovT at Hawthorne as formerly. Leave
Maud Hour* 11:00 a. m.. arrive Keeler 7:00
a. m. next <J»y; lrav» Keeler 7:20 p. m., ar
r!vf Mound House 4:45 p. m., connecting at
f- <.r.\ :'.'.¦_¦ Iot Tcnorah. •
Now Schedule. Carson and Colorado
Railroad.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS: From San Fran cisco
Mrs. E. A. Bridgford, Alexander Less, Charles
Shaw, James Perry, : Mrs. Therese Sutro and
maid, Harry B. Adlcr and wlfp. Miss Florence
Mark*,' Henry Sleroty, N. Bternbcrger.^Mlss
J. E. Shoenfeld, Miss C. E. Levenson. Mr. and
Mrs. Samuel . Buckbee. Miss Llllle Epreckels,
Mrs. Margaret . A. Skelly, Miss Agnes Gal
lagher, Mlsa E.' Van Slyck.vH. E.'Sohner, A.
Final. Ray A. Cook. Alfred Ehmmn, L. Kom,
-WillUm- Ledrldca. i M. Z>. .Van .Vales, i Charles
SEIGLETt HOT SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — E. B Smith and wife. George. Ottson
William J. Kane, Daniel Lyons. C. H. Mur
phy, John Duncan. Percy McFarland, Miss M.-
Clancy, H. Lorentzen and wife. P. de Martini.
Joseph Fox, William T. Farreil. W. 8. Cran
<1a.ll, Mrs. J. Michaels. Miss Margaretta
Michaels. Mrs. Marfe Coan. James P Mul
hcrn. A. C. Ledeme. J." F. McGeouRh. ' James
F. Martin. Willam M. Burness. George W.
Day Bert Thorpe. Miss Ada Smllth Mlgs
Jean Slocum. Frank J. Potter. ; Mlas Evn
Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. A. Luna Miss M.
Little. MIm Eva Fitzgerald. From Oakland—
E C. Tobey. C. L. Sturm, George T. Winches
ter and wife. E. E. Baxter. From Hay wards-
Miss May Garwood. From Stanford Univer
sity — Miss W. R. D. Randall.
Mrs. J. A. Bon-'ack and famity, Mrs. Laura
V. Duncan. Sarah S. Dtmsan, Philadelphia;
J. W. Trletruen, F. A. Henneber, Mr. and Mrs.
M. Robbins. Mr. and Mm. Cornell. New York;
Miss Margaret Martin. Gertrude Martin, Ger
trude Laird.' Eleanor Laird, 1-Mttsburj;; Mrs.
Groorae. B K. Cornal. F D. Klmball. J o
Tobln. C. R. Tobln, Mrs. A. L. Lundy Mrs!
Henry Schmldell, J. J. Hoas, Ban Francisco;
J. L. Buell. San Jose; Mrs. McAllister and
daughter, Utah: Mr. and Mrs. C. W. -Roth
koph. Cincinnati; Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Lang
horne, Alameda: Mr. and Mrs. Van Sant fit.
Paul; Henry Strater. H. A. Strater Louis
ville, Ky.
Mr. and Mrs. T. O. Keesa, Philadelphia;
John F. Newton Jr., Mrs. S. A. Garrett, Miss
M. A. -Young, Boston; Charles Bernard, China;
James W. Byrne, Mrs. Irvine. San Francisco;
Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Snow, Miss N. E. Snow,
Miss F. L. Westervalt, New York: Miss Mary
Paulus, MIes Louisa Paulus, Germantown, Pa,;
Mrs. C. Snyder, Michigan; Mrs. A. N. R.
Martin. Miss L. B. Illick. New Jersey.
Herbert W. Smith. Mr. and Mrs. J. Cope
land. San Francisco; Acnes Hass. Portland.
Ore.: Mrs. H. R. Woodward. Mrs. C. F.
Woodruff. New Jersey; llrs. A. L Carlston,
Philadelphia; Mr. and Mrs. R. H. McManus,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles F. JToiter, Denver; Hav-
Iland Tompklns, Mrs. S. E. Tompklns South
Carolina: Captain C. A. Mayo, England: Mrs.
ChaB». Kentucky; Mrs. John Turnkey. Frank
lin. Pa. •
HOTEL DEL MONTE — Fritz Krone, Ger
many; W. Schuck,. Maine; D. W. Staley,
E. M. Farnham. Oakland; William Parsons,
Master Austin Tubbs, Mr. and Mrs. C. C.
Nichols, San Francisco; D. C. Adams, Mr. and
Mrs. C. W. HlgKln, Salt Lake; Mr. and Mrs.
R. P. Wclcott, Kentucky; R. S. Newton Mil
waukee; 8. R. McLaren and Mm. McLaren
Toledo: Professor S. W. Young, Stanford
University; Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Davis G G
Vogel and Mrs. Vogel,' Ana L. LaForge. New
Jersey; G. W. Lathrop. Jennie "L. Latbrop,
Hernice Lathrop, Rhode Island: C. M Oddle
J. T. Overbury. Wyoming; Mr. and Mrs'
Cowperthwalt, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Taft. C II
Taft Jr.. Mrs. James Brooks. Sadie J. Brooksj
Florence A. Acker, V. H. Younirman and wife.
New York; W. A. Jones, Mrs. R. Gllman
Brown. Clr. and Mrs. J. Metcalfe, Miss Den
xton. J. C. Varleaux. San Francisco; Mr. and
Mrs. A. C. Wheelwright, Boston; Mrs. N.
Jacobus, Rev. and Mrs. G. W. Smith, New
Jersey; Mr*. A. G. Pratt- and son, Mrs. P S
Hammond, New York; Mr. Simpson, Miss
Simpson. New Zealand; Count P. 8. Grirnam.
San Francisco: Edward Paluso, Paris; Mr. and
Mrs. Charles S. Eastern, La Jolla; Mrs. C. P.
Laropey and family, C B. Brewster, Chicago:
O. W. Colby. New York.
Hotel Arrivals.
Commencing with the parade, which
will assemble at "Van Ness avenue and
McAllister etreet, at 9:30 o'clock this
morning, the military organizations of
the city will observe Memorial day and
pay appropriate tribute to the dead
heroes of three wars.
In the pageant will be rank and file
of the regular army. National Guard
of California and veterans of the Mexi
can, Civil and Spanish-American wars.
J. A. Whlteside will be grand marshal
of the parade. At the conclusion of
this parade the marchers will take
cars and reassemble at 10:30 o'clock at
the terminus of the Union street road.
They will then enter the Presidio.
The organizations in the march have
been assigned to the various cemeteries
for participation in memorial exercises
at the graves. These exercises -will
commence as soon as the marchers ar
rive within the Presidio gates, and will
be opened by the firing of minute guns.
Prayers, martial music and orations
will follow, with the beautiful custom
of strewing flowers over the mounds
that mark the last resting places of the
soldier dead.
At the" national cemetery at the Pre
sidio the Twenty-eighth Infantry band
will render the music and the oration
will be * delivered by Rev. George C.
Adams. Comrade W. E. Estes will be
chairman of the day. The Third Artil
lery band will play at the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery, and John D. Gish will be the
orator of the occasion. F. L. Turpin,
commander of George H. Thomas Post,
( wlll preside over the ceremonies.
A separate programme in honor of
the naval heroes will be conducted un
der the auspices of Phelps Squadron
No. 12. United States Veteran Navy.
At 7 o'clock this morning the United
States tug Slocum will leave the trans
port dock and proceed to the Golden
Gate, where exercises will be held.
Prayers and hymns, patriotic addresses,
music by the marine band from the
training-school at Yerba Buena and
the strewing of flowers On the ocean
will make up the' programme. The
principal addresses will be given by
Captain F. G. Wlsker and Shipmate
Joseph G. Crawford, M. D., both of
Phelps Squadron No. 12, United States
Veteran Navy.
Special exercises at the monument
of the Regular Army and Navy Union
In the national cemetery ¦will be held
by Colonel O. F. Long Garrison No. 101.
Remarks will be made by Commander
C. L. Herman and Colonel Dennis
Geary will make an address.
The observance of the day will close
with exercises, beginning at 3 p. m.. In
the Alhambra Theater. Colonel A. D.
Cutler will preside and remarks will be
made by Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz.
The oration of the evening will be de
livered by Hon. John P. Irish. Several
literary and musical numbers give at
tractiveness to the programme. The
First Regiment, N. G. C, orchestra will
be in attendance.
HONORS READY
FOR HERO DEAD
¦ PARAISO SPRINGS: San Francisco—D.XRoc
ca. J. - Caley -and wife. Charles ' E. Hart. ¦ Mrs.
W.' McCormlck, ¦ Miss McCormlck, Miss '. Emma
- HIGHLAND SPRINGS — Charles S. Wheeler.
P M. Gopcevlch. ¦ J. W. Reeves. Mrs. J. G.-
Tt'u««ell Thomas Ashworth and wife, Mrs. > S.
D Braitow. H. F. Mann and wife, A. J. Plnk
st'one S. ¦' E. Taylor. Preston Morris. O. H.
Scbon's George 8. McComb, R. H. Schlueter.
Robert F. GallaKher. Z. E. Rucker, A., Swans,
James Cook and wife,: E. Bchmlt and wife.
J M. Curragh. James Otis and wife. Mies
Cora M. Otis. Miss Frederica M. . Otis," L. ¦ D«
Cavasso. J. "H. Klein. ¦ all of San Francisco ;
Mrs. J. H. Benedict, Miss Stella Zifferer. G P.
Reynolds, W. A. Blssell, Mrs. Ziel. W. Moore,
wifo • and : child, of Alameda; . J. F. Davit,
Jackson: M. L. Hunt, Petaluma; D. Scoular,
New Zealand;. Mrs.- C. N. Rowell, Percy K.
Rowell. Berkeley; Mr«.-J. S. Cral* and child.
B. S. "Allen, Woodland. . ; . .
AT BLUE LAKES: From Sun Francisco—
Car.taln E. A. Root and wife (U. S. A., Pre
sMio) II. O. Bell. Miss Mabel -Carter. S. D.
Towle'y wife and child. Miss Nell S. Mulvey,
Miss Mary Ehaunessy. W. P. Vallejo. Julius
Lrml« S G J Holland. - James- Manchas. B. S.
Hlrscri Ed Porter, William C' Baker. Miss
Rcna i Duncan. E. Benjes, William Dunn, Al
H Coney K. M. Mllco, J. J. Sullivan, James
Hi Goldsmith. P. O. Strong; and wife, Jero J.
nrlscoll and -wife. Zlck Ahrams and wife. J.
J H Davis and wife, Carroll Davis, John F.
Aheam; Jame* Doyle. Mrs. George Dondero,
Mrs G«orge Hangstead, E. Hudson, Bob H.
Davis E'O. ReK«nsberger, W. T. Oresmer
and wife, William F. Dnnnlgan, William
G««ble Eugen* M. O'Nell. Mrs. C. B. Neuman.-
Mi*« J Powers, Rudolph H. Schlueter.' Robert
F \ Gallagher. George S. McComb, Mr. . and
Mrs. Martin Stevens. H. Griffith and. wife.
From Oakland — Dr. Benjamin Bakewell,
Walter B. Bakewell, W. C. B. d« Fremery,
T. V. Bakewell, Paul L. Miller, Solly Cohn.
L. Schwartz. Mrs. Vernon Jones, Peter Barber
and wife, C. H. Dewing, Mr. and Mrs. P. B.
Bowles.
Mrs. M. K. Bllz, Miss Eelma Bll* and Miss
M. Bllz. Pleafanton. Cal.
Mrs. J. A. Balnbrldge, Lathrop.
Mrs. K. M. Curl, Los Angeles.
Thomas Reynolds, wfte and ion, - R. Pet
kovlts, Seattle, Wash.
Frank Johnson, Nom«.
¦ W. T. Cresmer. H. E. Burlelgh, Mrs. F.
Gilhaney, L. T. Misita, Hector Burnesa, II. E.
Rae, Fresno.
W. H. Tobin, G. L. Voorhela. F. C. Roberts,
Vallejo. Cal. - .
C. E. Miller, J. L. Gould, . Charlea H. Al
len. Alameda, Cal.
W. G. Rees. W. J. Holm. Fred Tretzel,
Miss A. Tretzel, Miss S. Waggoner, John Cale,
Livcrmore. Cal. ¦ - ¦ .
Dr. J. ' L. Gardner and" wife, Brentwood. ,
Miss E. Jones, Byron. . . • •
James Y. Beverldce, Grayson.
J. E. Jones, Savanna. III.
Mrs. Pcttlgrew, Miss Donohue.' Miss Ml nan,
Will Mlhan. T. I. Bergln. Stone House: L.
Whltin" and wl??, Kansas; W. S. Griffiths,
Sulsun: Mrs. William D. Sheldon, New York;,
A. W. Lackey and Miss Lackey, Nevada: John
Lauter, James Tunstead, San Rafael; Miss
Seale..Mayfield; M. J. Boggs and wife. Colusa;
J. W. Harrison. -Sausalito; R. J. Landlord,
San Jose; P. C Pope, U. S. Marina Corps,
and Mrs. Pope, Mare Island.
H. J. Meister. Chicago.
J. F. Roncy, Ceres. Cal.
James Klnnear. Modesto. Cal.
W. T. Trlirjr. Bakersfleld.
¦ Mi - J Stavrakls, Btockton; J. L. Thomas,
Coultervllle; L. F. Sherburne. Danville: John
Sherburne, Lawton, Mich. : William Teague.
Sacramento: D. McCarthy, Redding: J. F. C.
Jones, Merced: J. G. Bui g-ess. Eureka; H.W.
Gray, Newman, Cal.
J. A. Crounse. Gatt, Cal. ; Louis R. ¦ Hall,
Stockton. _ ¦ " ' ' _
A. A. Brown, John Ofterman and W. P.
Lord, San Francisco.
Monroe P. -Marks. Stockton.
• •,.¦• -, • - ¦
A. Graham, John Anderson, Mrs. J. S. Gllils
pie, David T. Hanbury, George C. Oznard and
wife. Mrs. I. J. Talbot, Warren R. Payne, E.
H. Kviphrai. J. Parker Currier and wife. Mr.
and Mrs. Maurice Casey, Miss Casey, Joe T.
1'ohelra and wife, C. L.. Webb and Mrs. Webb,
Alfred Olsen. Mr. and Mrs. Sam Relsa, Mrs.
Wlckert, John Surko. F. L. Hllmer, Miss Viv
ian Hilmer, James McGulre, Miss Grace Mc-
Guire, Miss Geraldine McGulre, Mr. and Mrs.
J. S. Lawson, W. II. Rhodes, Charles Colman,
Crlttendon Thornton. Lucius Henderson Dr.
B. C. Sewell. Miss Elizabeth A. Sewell, Fred
G. Sweeney, Patrick Lynch, William Goeg&eL
Isaac Miller.
Memorial day will be fittingly com
; memorated at the Veterans' Home,
Napa. County, California. Unity Post,
.Grand Army of the Republic, will con
duct, the exercises' at the cemetery.
The orator of the occasion, Hon. W. S.
KillinRsworth,- of Solana Gounty, will
address the veterans in the evening at
Social Hall. Mri Kiliingsworth was a
member of the last Legislature, having
be'en elected to represent the Twentieth
Assembly District. He was one of the
speakers selected to pay a tribute to
the worth and character of the la
mented William McKinley.
Mr. Klllingsworth's political affilia
tions are with the Democratic party.
He was born at Willlston, South Caro
lina, In 1861. He was educated in that
State and graduated from Wofford Col
lege. Miss Elizabeth Price, of San
Francisco, will sing for the veterans at
the evening exercises.
W. S. Kiliingsworth to
Address Soldiers of
Civil War..
DISTINGUISHED SOLANO CITIZEN
WHO "WIIL. ADDRESS VETERANS
AT NAi'A HOME, .
Miss Anita Wise is spending a few
weeks at Ross Valley.
H. F. Gould -sailed on the Sonoma
on the 26th for a month's vacation
in Honolulu.
Mrs. W. O. Gould and Mrs. S. P.
Triggle and baby left last week for
their country home in the Santa Gruz
Mountains to remain all summer.
They will entertain a number of
house parties during the season. Dr.
Triggle will go down every Saturday
to spend Sunday.
Joseph Eber has returned from a
trip to Tucson, .Arizona, where he has
been a guest of hia uncle, S. Eber.
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Richards of
2915 Washington street will spend the
summer at Blythedale.
Miss Agnes Sparrowe will leave this
week for Honolulu on an extended
visit to her sister, Mrs. G. Fred Bush.
Miss Kparrowe has been the recipient
of many social favors previous to her
departure. ,
Louis Metzger and his secretary,^
¦Walter Fox, have gone for a four r 
months' trip through the States, in
cluding a visit lo the World's Fair. :
Mrs. M. Powleson and her daughter,
Grace, have left for Santa Barbara,
where they will remain throughout
the summer. ,?
The Misses Anita and Agnes GOre
van have departed for the summer.
They will make short visits on the
way to Nevada City, where they will
stop at Rector's Hotel for several
weeks.
Dr. and Mrs. G. I. Drucker will
spend the month of June in Plumas
County.
Lambert Hayman of 366 Fourth
avenue, who has spent the past six
weeks in I traveling through Oregon
and Washington, returned to his home
the latter part of this week.
Personals.
Miss Emma Schoenfeld and David
Kellner were united in marriage yester
day, at 5 p. m., at the residence of the
bride's parents, 1042 Howard street, the
Rev. H. M. Schoenfeld, father of the
bride, officiating.
Miss Julia L. Bentz was»married to
John H. Guetersloh on the evening of
May Co, at the German Evangelical
Church on Broadway. They went south
on their honeymoon and on their return
will receive their friends on the second
Sunday of June, at their residence, 1703
Baker street.
The wedding of Miss Ella Cohn and
Harry D. Rosenberg will take place
Sunday, June 5, at the residence of Mrs.
R. Cohn, 1213 Webster 6treet.
The marriage of Miss Mary Frances
Nettervllle and George Jay Springer
was solemnized on April 27, at the Do
minican Church, Bush and Steiner
streets. Rev. W. A. Xetterville, O.P.,
brother of the bride, officiated. Miss
Adora Netterville acted as bridesmaid,
and Fred Clarke attended the groom.
Yesterday afternoon Miss Edith
Helms, the attractive daughter of Po
lice Lieutenant Helms, became the
bride of James F. Lowrie. Miss Helms
is a charming young woman and there
are many that will wish her happiness.
Mr. Lowrie is an official of the local
telephone company.
A wedding of unusual interest in so
ciety circles took place at 418 Montgom
ery street Saturday evening. April 30,
at 9 o'clock, when Mrs. F. Murausky of
this city became the bride of O. P.
Welsh. The beautiful rooms of the
bride's home had been lavishly deco
rated in honor of the occasion and pre
sented a charming appearance. The
bride was given Into the keeping of the
groom by Dr. Renz. while M. Schott
served as best man. Miss Gertrude
Sheridan and the Misses Bolsted at
tended the bride, whose gown was a
handsome white mousseline silk with
rare lace. She carried a bouquet of
lilies of the valley. The ceremony was
performed by Judge Kerrigan. Those
present were: Dr. and Mrs. J. A. Weir,
Dr. and Mrs. F. Backman, Mrs. and
Miss Sheridan, Misees E. and M. Bol
sted. Mr. and Mrs. Daley, Mr. and Mrs.
Grundel. Mrs. Bohm, Mr. Lanziger, C.
Sheble, G. Martin. H. Levi, H. Llndsey.
J. Angeli. W. Murmane, J. A. White, M.
Schott, Mr. Bagnalorl. Mr. Howard,
Dr. Renz, Mr. Levy. Judge Kerrigan,
Mr. Kull, Mr. Cavagnaro. P. Pinirelli,
A. Mullins, W. Martinovich. P. Allora,
S. Podesto, Mr. Sarseri, S. Klarnett. A.
Sturglves, L. Marks, -J. Fargue 'and
Mr. Adams.
Weddings
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H. Wyatt of
111 San Jose avenue have announced
the engagement of their daughter,
Florence, to Dr. Charles S. Cavan
augh. a dentist, of 1003 Sutter street.
The wedding will take place in the
fall.
The engagement has been announced
of Miss Mamie C. Dortmund, daughter
o*f Mrs. Kate Dortmund of San Fran
cisco, but formerly of Stockton, to
Charles Crawford, son of John Craw
ford of Berkeley.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Mae Levy of Oakland to George
Appell of this city.
The engagement of Miss Clara Cecil
Gracia, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. M.
Gracia cf Santa Cruz to William L.
Werner of San Francisco has been an
nounced. The wedding will take place
at the home of the bride's parents In
Santa Cruz during the latter part of
August.
• • •
F. Phillips announces the engagement
of his daughter Estelle to Henry Roth
enberg.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Ray Attell. daughter of Mrs. A. Attell
of 1427 Folsom street, and Max Roberts.
The engagement of Miss Edith Boyes.
daughter of James B. Boyes, and John
Alpers has been announced. The wed
ding will take place in the near future.
Engagements.
Mr. Pinrkney of San Mateo. who ac
enmpanird the party to San Francisco,
said that the San Mateo committee
would probably be appionted that
evening. Andrea Fbarboro was ap
pointed chairman of the Joint commit
tees.
COMMITTEE APPOINTED.
Upon the return to San Francisco
the Promotion Committee held a busi
ness meeting. General R. E. Warfleld,
John P. Currier and George F. Chap
man were appointed a committee to
meet a like committee from San Mateo
for th* 4 purpose of definitely selecting a
Fite for the location of a large modern
hotel as a summer and winter resort
for tourists visiting Central California.
Rrpolutior.s of thanks to the United
Railroads and to the reception commit
tee of San Mateo were adopted.
All the members of the committee
were impressed with the beauty and
convenience of San Mateo as the site
for a tourist hotel. Speaking of the
matter. Mr. Sbarboro said:
The only trouble In selecting a eite In San
Msteo !s r^rause there are so many pretty
rri*s. I experienced the same trouble at one
tirr.n \r. electing a wife, because there were
f'o many prettr irlrls. The piace Is quite as
convenient to Fan Frareisco as any across the
fc«y. And without detriment to Pasadena
*nd rlaces of the aouth. I may ray that this
country around the city of San Francisco Is
i» t-'-autiful at any In the south.
A B. For<! fchaJrmaj). W. M. Brotm. H. J
Ilatrti. G*«orre A. Kartell. L.. C. STcAfe*. E.
A Hu^inz. H. K. Roy<Jcn. F S. Grammar,
Paul Pinckney. F. I/evy. I*- B. Doe. C. M
IJ'jrse »r.<3 J. T. Jer.r.friB*.
M. V. Nivens"of the United Railroads
locked after the comfort of the party
v.hile traveling. Upon its arrival the
committee was taken in charge by the
San Mateo reception committee, com
prising:
The visiting members of the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee were:
>D<irea Sbarboro Rufus P. Jen
r^n£s (.exfTuttvfr officer), lvdward P. Ar.tron
iwrtury*, John P. Currier. G*or*<? F. O-.ap
naTi. Dr. P. de Vecchi. lCrnert Coxh^ad. W. B.
Partite, Jfihn Gal<-n Howard. J. R. How<»!l.
R. V. Halton of t-AZi Rafael, n. R. Mayheck,
Ji>rb<»rt B- Magjs. S»mu»l Xfi"om, Frank
J. Fjmmpf. On«>ral It. E. WarflMd, George
I«. jmiUfcam end Ellis R. Wales, the comrr.it-
X**o ph^tr>crarher.
After leaving the Hayne homestead,
they were driven to several other es
tates of nearly equal beauty, among
them being the beautiful house and
grounds of the Hay ward property,
which, while lacking the fine views of
the Harne homestead, made up for
tr-em in the possession of lovely drive*
end well-kept lawns.
VISIT OTHER ESTATES.
Following roads that crossed each
other at short intervals, the party came
upor. the Brewer estate, comprising 45
acres. Then was visited the Clark
Homestead, adjoining the grounds of
the St. Matthew's Military School, con
sisting of -4 acr^s. Then the commit
t#«s tvas driven to the Burllngame Club
hoape, where a luncheon was served,
under the auspices of A. B. Ford, secre
tary of the c'ub. After luncheon the
party nu driven to the flr.e home and
grounds of Duncan Kayne, which com
rr.and a magnificent view of the sur
rounding country, and which elicited,
from the visitors expressions of plea
cure and admiration.
.The Sasi Francisco committee boarded
the racial car San Francisco, loaned
for the trip through the courtesy of
George F. Chapman, manager of the
United Railroads, at Market and Fifth
etrtets. and after an hour's run through
pleasant country ar.d prosperous farms
Tvere met at San Mateo by a committee
of citizens. Er.:ering the carriages
•provided, they wero driven through San
Mateo and out Into the surrounding
ccunt:y. Through beautiful roads lined
with avenues of trees the party was
driven to the beach to inspect the possi
s tii:Uc3 for bathing places and pa
vilions. From thence they went to the
former e'.te of the Hotel Mateo, which,
ves deFtroved by fire some time ago.
As a result of the visit of members of
the California Promotion Committee to
the town of San Mateo yesterday morn
ire, a committee from that body has
bren appointed to meet a like commit
tee of citizens of San Mateo. for the
purpose of definitely locating a site on
which to build a handsome, modern
hotel for the accommodation of Eastern
touri5ts visiting the central part of
California.
And of those who stay in town who is
there but has a friend, on the eve of
matrimony? A full dozen weddings are
scheduled for next week, and as for be
trothals, they are as leaves upon the
trees.
The country Is calling! Never were
the skies bluer, the fields fairer or the
song birds gayer; and society hath
hearkened unto the call.
A farewell party was tendered to
Charles O. Sivertsen at his residence,
1125 Treat avenue, prior to his de
parture for Cape Nome. A very en
joyable evening was spent in dancing
and singing. Among those present
were: Miss Mae and Josie Sivertsen.
Gertrude Welcer, Clara Olsen, Gene
vieve and Dorothy Doyle, Anna Ben-
Bon, Elizabeth Murphy, Christina
Christie. May Grace, Alma Voight,
Anna and Gertrude Gallagher, Gtbldie
Hansen, Juanita Doyle, Mrs. O. Olsen,
Mrs. C. Swanson, Mrs. J. Warfel, Mrs.
C'. Olsen, Charles Sivertsen, Harry
S. Doyle, Marie Sivertsen, Jack Grace,
Ed Johnson, Alfred Sivertsen, Chris
Olsen, Alex Doyle, Fred Farenholtz,
Oscar Olsen, Frank Doyle, Alex Peter
sen, Hugh Bell, John Olsen, K. John
son. Richard Doyle, J. Warfel, L. Staf
ford.
A few of Miss Sadie Mendelsohn's
advanced pupils will participate in a
piano recital to be given at Steinway
Hall on Tuesday evening, June 7.
A pleasant gathering was held last
Sunday .it May Villa, Escalle,* Cal.,
the summer. residence of Mr. , and Mrs.
R. H. Armbruster. (Among those pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. J. Gardner,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Groshaus, J. Klanitza,
Mr. and Mrs. (r George Gassman. Miss
Lillian Gardner, Miss Edna Johnson,
George Reith, Miss Inez Payne, Miss
Mary Payne, Mrs. H. Coultis, Roy W.
Armbruster, Mrs. T. Egan, William
Armbruster, Raymond C. Gardner, W.
McCarthy, Mr. and Mrs. Edward P.
Armbruster, Charles J. Armbruster,
George Gardner, Vera Armbruster,
Ralph A. Gardner.
Welisch, Miss Ray Spiro, Miss Har
riet Salomon, Miss Stella Blumenthal.
Miss Hannah Stern, Miss Hannah
Hables, Miss 'Freida Hessler, Miss
Fhnny Silverstein, Miss Martha Silver
stein. Miss Regina fc^telly, Mrs. Braw
ers, chaperon; Albert Marks, Albert
Blumenthal, Joe Green, Charles
Green, Jesse Jacobs, Daniel Kragen,
Leo'Kahn, Milton Feig, Harry Strelltz,
Mel Cohn. ¦ -
California Promotion Com
mittee Inspects Estates
to Obtain Best Location
Those Remaining in City Have Duties to
Perform That Cannot Be Neglected.
SPLENDID HOTEL
FOR SAN MATEO
SOCIETY HARKENS TO SEASIDE'S CALL AND THE HEGIRA BEGINS.
BIENNIAL ADMINISTERS REBUKE TO DIVORCE IN STRONG TERMS
FIREBUG KEEPS
CITIZENS BDST
California Is Awarded Representation on
the Board of Directors.
Numerous Alarms in City
of Santa Rosa Are Due to
Crimes of an Incendiary
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. May 23.— This city has
recently suffered from an alarming
number of incendiary fires. Almost In
variably during the past eight months
the department has been called to save
property to which a match had been
deliberately applied. In some instances
oil-soaked rags have been used.
Robert Ross' blacksmith shop seems
to be the' favorite spot of the incen
diary, and six alarms have come from
the corner of First and Main streets,
where his shop is situated. Two at
tempts have been made on the property
of A. E. Chartrand, at Fourth and A
streets, one In the Star Feed Mills,
where a blaze was kindled on a pile c£
hay. and another last night in the store
of M. Saunders.
Three separate attempts were made
to burn as many empty houses in the
"red light" district, and. taken alto
gether, the flre department has been
kept busy to thwart the attempted de
struction of property. The police de
partment Is using every power to find
the firebug, but has not been success
ful.
BL LAURA BRTDE POWERS.
prints on the wall, and things are be
,ing said — things not exactly in the na
ture of compliments, either to the
board, the building committee or the
architect. Now. it might be well to
pause here to extend your sympathies
to the architect. It Is said to be a
satanic task to please one woman in
building a house. Then what must It
be to please 450? However. Mr. Pissis
is a diplomat as well as a clever archi
tect, and -he has informed the women
that talked with him sanely that he
stood ready to make any changes that
the club should decide upon. Alas!
Alas! Will these dear women ever
unite in a decision? They are much
in the same position as the University
Club fo'und itself recently — some would,
and some .wouldn't. And now comes
the saucy bank people, they of the Mu
tual Savings Bank, . who politely de
cline to lend the $35,000. with the lot as
security, as they had promised. Now,
it Is whispered abroad that some Mrs.
Energetic confided to the bank the lit
tle bubbles of trouble in the club, thus
causing its sudden change of view. But
finances are not controlled by gossip,
and the ladies are firm in the belief
that another bank will advance the
money needed on the plain basis of a
business proposition. As soon as Mr.
Plseis gets his plans nearer the idealty
of the knockers — alas! for the knocker
dwelleth nigh— all will be well, and the
cornerstone be laid some day.
But herein lies a lesson for women. In
club and out. Women do not think
that Is, not until the day .after. Now,
these women went through the legisla
tive work months ago, and now they
"didn't know what they were voting
for." It is a fact, lamentable though it
be, that two-thirds of the women who
Vote in their club affairs vote like
sheep— just follow their friends, who* in
turn follow their friends. Then when a
matter of vital importance goes
through 'and is half-way along toward
consummation they awaken from their
trance and ask "why" and "whence."
However, we're learning. But in the
learning we ofttlmes act pretty foolish.
• • •
The Pacific Coast "Woman's Press
Association held a pleasant meeting
last Monday, when the following pro
gram rm» was presented:
Scotch ballads— (a) -Within a Mile of Ed
lnborourh Town." (b) "The Crooket Baw
bee," William Balnaves: reading. "My Neigh
bor," Miss Rut** Iluynemann; "My Mother's
Cotton Gown" (a true story). Mrs. Ada H.
Van Pelt; "The Power of the Press." Mm.
Sophia E. Gardiner: readlnr* — <a> "The Bur-
Klar," (b) "Kitty of Collaratn." Uttl» Kath
leen Murphy.
After the regular programme the
members held an Informal discussion
of the Souvenir Magazine. A frontis
piece by Mrs. Percy WeeKB, represent
ing a symbolical figure of California,
and cover designs by Miss N. de Neale
Morgan have been presented to the
club. Mrs. Ella M. Sexton has written
a clever article on the California navel
orange for the magazine. As every
member is invited to present some
thing to 'this interesting addition to
the archives, much clever stuff will be
collected.
• • •
The Corona Club held the last ses
sion of its club year on Thursday, when
the following programme was present
ed: -
Instrumental solo. Miss V. Arnott: vocal
*olo. Mrs. Cora Hall: lecture, "Kipling's Wo
men," Austin Lewis: vocal solo, Mrs. Cora
Hall.
The next meeting of the club will
be on the second Thursday in Sep
tember.
The San Francisco Teachers* Club
will tender a reception at Steinway
Hall on June 2, S p. m., to the officers
of the school department and other
city officials having duties concerning
the schools. *
i The biennial has come and gone, but
unlike the Arabs, It has not silently
I stolen away.
j None but the deaf would have call-
I cd the last hours of the General, Fed
1 oration of Women's Clubs a silent af
fair — the air was heavily charged with
volubility and of a kind, by the way,
j to indicate kangaroo strides- from the
' Says of our grandmothers — the bless
i ed old ladies- who were more skilled
I in working sa/mplers than in working
out policies* and reform's* and discuss
ing them from platforms. Ah! But
i that's progression. Women grapple
with live propositions now, where they
fainted at them and there is
'less sham, and more intelligence now
among women than the world ever
knew before-r-the male misanthrope
notwithstanding.
As to the election of the officers, the
slate was carried out. the nomination
from the floor falling into desuetude.
Mrs. Sarah Platt Decker of Colorado
is now at the head of the^reatest ag
gregation of clever women in the
country — an easy prophecy to the
wise, they who knew how the club
leaders of the West felt as to her eli
gibility — and it was commonly con
ceded to be a -Western year. How
ever, had Mrs. Bob Burdette contin
ued her canvass for the office as clev
erly as she had begun it, and she had
the California delegation practically
with her, she would have given the
handsome Coloradoan a close run.
There were, however, some dissensions
in the home contingent, and it is sup
posed that Mrs. Burdette was advised
of them. " But the fact is of record
that the delegates from the State Fed
eration went on instructed to stand
solidly, first, last and all the time for
Mrs." Burdette, who. at that time, was
an avowed candidate.
On her withdrawal on the plea of
preferring to remain at home to assist
her husband In his new. pastoral du
ties, the united strength of the Califor
nia delegation was thrown to Mrs.
Decker, who won with colors 'flying.
But California must be regarded by
the governing body as not quite "be
longing," as no place was awarded her
leaders on the speech programme.
Now, that would be a hard slam at our
men politicians from California, but
what think you of our women being
thus ignored? And they talk so well,
too!
However, California was heard from,
the omission notwithstanding. A very
clever talk was given, and under very
tactful and charming circumstances, by
the president of the California Federa
tion, Mrs. George Law Smith, on "Trav
eling Libraries," ? so our lovely State
was not quite lost In the scrimmage.
And by the way, we Californians
captured one of the directorates — Mrs.
Jcsiah Cowles of Los Angeles, a re
markably fit selection. \
But what rebuke the federation de
livered to a former president— she who
presided at Los Angeles with such
charming tact as to win the admiration
of even the stony-hearted men who
chanced to blow in at the sessions.
' While there, the pretty widow — who,
by the way,- was an exquisite in gown
ing — was fairly shadowed by an ador
ing chap from New York. No one
blamed him, but rather commended,
until it was bruited about that he was
hardly free to wed — having already the
legal allotment of one wife. 'Twas not
long after, however, that a divorce was
asked for and obtained, and lo — the
handsome widow and her lingering
lover were soon made one — and a happy
pair they are.
But "consistency Is a Jewel" to club
women, who usually are terribly right
eous, and how, pray, could the federa
tion go on record as a foe to divorce,
indorsing uniform divorce laws, with
an honorary* president wedded through
the sweet provisions of divorce?' And
so they consistently eliminated the
clause in the constitution that provides
for past presidents becoming honorary
presidents. And thus did the federa
tion remove the "blot on the 'scutch
ion" — if one there was.
The California Club has plans in its
possession for its proposed clubhouse
on Clay street, between Polk street and
Van Ness avenue. Under the direction
of the building committee of fifteen
members, Mrs. Hovey chairman, Albert
Pissis drew the plans for a $40,000 club
house. The abandonment of competi
tive plans, the sum of money to be ex
pended and the Identity of the architect
was decided upon by the board of di
rectors over two months ago and its
action ratified by the club without a
dissenting voice. Now comes an up
heaval. Women who have paid but lit-,
tie heed to club affairs for the past
year are now rallying round the blue-
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALLV MONDAY,' MAY 30, MO*.
PLANS FOR DAY
AT VETERANS'
HOME IN NAPA
5
K1W ADVZETISZICZNTa.
Ct.EA2TZ.T WOMAIT
Error ecosly Thinks fay Scoturlsff Her
Scalp That She Cores Dandruff.
I Cleanly v;oin:.n has an erroneous idea
that by scourlr.S' the'scalp. which- re-
moves thr <1r.nr3ruff scales, she is curing
tbc dandruff. She may wash her scalp
*\*<*ry tUy. and yet have dandruff her life
Jor.g, accompanied by falling hair, too.
The only vcay in the world to cure dan-
druff is to kill th<» dandruff grrm, and
thrre is no hair preparation that will do
1!iat but Xrwbrns Herpicide. Hcrpicide
by kHIinsr the dandruiT perm. 'leaves the
Yiulr free to prow an healthy Katuro in-
tended. Destroy the cause, you remove
th«> fifrrt. Kill the dandruff germ with
Jlcrpieide. Sold by Uadingr druggists.
F.t>nr\ 10c In stamps for sample to The
Jfprplcide.Co., Detroit, Mich.
"CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tfco S^t? . y/g^-^T'
Slsnatnro of C^j^f/fi^&S*
AD
I B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO
Adjoialsr Call Building-.
SEASONABLE FOOTWEAR
NATTY SUMMER STYLES
Our present display of Summer
Novelties is larger, mor« up-to-
date and at a lower price than has
ever been offered in this city. We
have complete lines «f Outlns
High Shoes and Oxfords. In tan or
canvas, and if you are preparing:
for the country we respectfully
request that you look over our
stock before purchasing elsewhere.
This week's special: Ladles' Pat-
ent Leather Oxford Ties, with mat
kid quarters, neat toes and tips.
turned soles and high Cuban
heels. PUICE EEDTJCSD TO
"31.3O. Sizes 2\i to 7Vi. Width*
A to E.
p7pjg o lilO
FIVE-STRAP SANDALS
No article of footwear is more
popular at the present time with,
the children and young ladles than
Strap Sandals] and we are again
offering a big bargain. Children's
and Misses' High Cut Five-Strap
Sandals, J with patent leather
vamps and heel foxing, mat kid
tops and turned soles, with spring
heels. Widths B to D.
Child's sizes. &ft to 3. . : ...SI .15
Child's sizes. 8^ toll 91. 4O
Misses' sizes, 11 ft to 2 SI. 65
1 1 \«f aj in
I v.f $r'"
Ladies' Canvas Lace Shoes
Cool and easy on the feet. La-
dles' Canvas Lace Shoes, with coin
.toes and tips and durable soles.
KEDXTCTEO TO 91.1O A PAI*.
Sizes 2ft to 8. Widths C to C
Misses' Canvas Oxfords
Just to romp and .run in. and
made especially for summer wear.
Children's and Misses' Canvarf Ox-
ford Ties, with coin toes and tips,
durable soles and spring: heels.-
Child's sizes. 8ft to 11 AT fiOc
Misses' sizes. 11 % to2.O3flT 7Oc
Touns Ladles' sizes, 2% to 5
.o.T *OR 85c
A handsome memorial uicnxa of
the Uto President McKlaler will
bo forwarded to any on* ••ndtaar
us In th.e name* of fifteen persons
living la th« country. ~ k
SEND 70S IIiIiTJSTBATED
CATALOGUE. \
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia. Shoe Co*
10 TXZ3U> ST., S«& TruelMO.Winston Churchill's recent break
down in a speech in Parliament re
calls to the English press a similar
lapse of memory on tha part of a
member named Shell, in the House of
Commons. Shell was commencing a
carefully prepared sentence with the
word "Necessity," when his memory
deserted him. He repeated "Necessity"
three times, and then Sir Robert Peel
mischievously added: "Is not always
the mother .of invention." A corre
spondent of the London Daily Mall
gives some Instances of lapses of .mem
ory that came under his own obser
vation as follows: "I was once stay
ing with a distinguished divine In
Yorkshire, tho author of several vol
umes of poems and other literary
works, and he, too, 'lost himself in
the Lord's Prayer. Moreover, he
could not 'recover himself* when he
recommenced. /I was once attending
a demonstration of anatomy and the
professor^-a gentleman usually noted
lor his lucidity— completely broke
When the Tongue Falters.
CALIFORNIA. SOUTH DAKOTA—
IX, City. The grounds for divorce in Cal
ifornia are: Violation of marriage vow,
willful desertion or neglect one year,
habitual drunkenness, felony, cruelty.
In South Dakota the grounds are: Vio
lation of marriage vow, incapacity,
willful desertion or neglect on© year,
felony, cruelty, habitual Intemperance.
The reason so many people went to
South Dakota to obtain a divorce was
en account of the easy manner In
which actions were Instituted and de
crees granted.
AUSTRALIA— J. H. C. A.. City. Th«
whole continent of Australia from
south to north was explored in 1S62 by
McDouall Stewart opening up tha Al
bert River, the Flnke River, the Mac
donnell ranges, the Ashbuton ranges,
etc.. altogether a quite practicable
route across the continent, through a
fairly continuous, though narrow, belt
of upland and streams, a route utilized
in 1S72 for telegraph lines with fixed
stations. The route was rrom Adelaide
to a point west of Chambers Bay. This
has always been looked trpon as one of
the greatest and most successful of
all Australian explorations.
The Emperor of Germany usually
rises about 5 o'clock, and is generally
to be found in his workroom' at 6. First
there is served to him a cup of tea or
bouillon and a sandwich. Then, light
ing a cigar, he reads over such clip
pings from newspapers and magazines
published all over the world as are
deemed worthy of his attention. At 7
o'clock the Emperor is ready to receive
the reports of his adjutants and the
ministers of state, and to this work he
usually devotes some three hours.
When the person who is to have an
audience is admitted to the room and
makes his bow, the Emperor, who re
ceives standing by his desk, slightly
Inclines his head in repose, and says
"Please," as a signal for his visitor to
begin, listens attentively to what he
has to communicate, but never makes
any comment. The substance of all the
visitor has said, however, is contained
in the paper that he invariably hands
to the Emperor's secretary at the close
of the audience. These papers are num
bered in accordance with the order of
their receipt, and after the visitor has
departed the Emperor usually writes
upon the former's communication a
ters*e direction to his secretary, so
that, if there are in connection with it
any papers to be "prepared for the im
perial signature, they may be ready
to hand in the file when Emperor and
secretary begin their afternoon's work.
¦—Emperor William In Private Life,
Everybody's Magazine for June.
William the Worker.
CHICKERING— Subscriber. City. Jo
nas Chlckering, who In hia day was a
famous piano manufacturer, was a na
tive of New Ipswich, N. H., born in
1793, died in Boston in 1S33. He was the
son of a. blacksmith, learned cabinet
making, developed a musical turn,
learned th» art of making pianos and
then started for himself in 1823.
INTEREST— O. H.. City. In the
State of California the legal rate of
Interest Is 7 per cent. Any rate may,
however, be charged, according to con
tract.
RAPID FIRE— O. H.. City. An auto
matic Colt revolver may be fired as
rapidly as tha Individual using the
same can pull the .trigger.
WHITE HEATHER— C. F. Z., Blt
terwater, Cal. The novel "White
Heather" was written by William
Black in 1SS5.
LIMITATION— A. F. E.. City. In
California the statute of limitation on
an open account runs two years.
Answers to Queries.
The woman who will do the honors
at the Chinese building at St. Louis
is the wife of the Vice Imperial Com
missioner, Wong Kai Kah. Mrs. Wong
accompanied her husband to America
In time to have a hand in the arrange
ment of the Chinese exhibit. Indeed, to
Mrs. Wong almost . entirely was left
the decorailon of the interior of the
building. It is built as prescribed by
Chinese custom when a member of the
imperial family is to be tn,e occupant,
for the Imperial Commissioner, Prince
Pu Lun, is no less a personage than
the nephew of the Emperor.
Mrs. Wong could not speak English
when she landed in San Francisco, but
she is gradually overcoming this diffi
culty. She is a keen observer of the
social conditions and customs of the
United States, hoping to make her visit
one of profit to her countrywomen as
well, as to herself. She is a little-foot
woman, because her feet were bound
»vhile she. was yet too young to have a
voice in the matter. On this, her first
visit outside of China, she has become
even more fully aware than she waa
before of the disadvantages of the cus
tom, although she had long since given
over the absurd tradition of her class
and made declaration of independence
by leaving the feet or her daughters
unbound.
Already she has voiced the wish that
the women of China should be kept
less closely at home, that they should
travel more and study things of which
they now know nothing. Mrs. Wong
believe3 it quite important that women
should study music and embroidery
and house decoration, in all of which
arts she is herself quite accomplished.
It was because of her knowledge -of
house decoration that she was intrust
ed with the interior furnishing of the
Chinese building at St. Louis.— The
World To-Day for June.
Mrs. Wong Kai Kah.
statistics.
A fact that may have considerable
significance in connection with the di
vorce problem has Just been brought
to light in the English official record
of Judicial statistics for 1903. namely,
that out of 1050 suits in that year for
dissolution of the marriage tie 415, or
nearly half, were cases .where there
had been no children by the marriage
That children form a strong tie to bind
parents together is a fact of common
knowledge, but that childless marri
ages in themselves tend to the divorce
court seems a fair Inference from these
Divorce in England.
ADVICES from Washington state that Secretary
Hay has sent to the courts of St. Petersburg and
Tokio, through our respective Embassadors at
those places, informal notice that the President of the
United States stands willing to tender his good offices in
the services of peace when the moment for such action
seems auspicious to the warring powers. The note of
Secretary Hay, though couched informally, is, in the
usages of diplomacy, definite and indicative of the strong
desire on the part of this Government to play the part
of mediator.
This is pre-eminently a good stroke on the part of
Hay and the President. It must carry conviction to the
court of St. Petersburg of, the strict fairness and impar
tiality which our Government maintains in the present
war, and it must assure the Czar's Ministers of their
mistake in reckoning with anything but unswerving neu
trality on the part of the United States. To Japan the
offer of pur good offices can have no ulterior meaning
and can bear no more significance than if has in the eyes
of the Russians.
Viewed strictly from the standards of diplomacy the
United States is in a better position to offer itself as a
mediator than any other power. We have no* treaties of
alliance binding us to either of the belligerents. We
have no pacts with China save those relating to the regu-.
lation of trade and the freedom of her open ports. No
past diplomatic act of ours allies us more closely to one
of the warring nations than to the other. Our interest
in the destinies: of the East and the control of the Pacific
is no stronger than that of^ England, of France or of
Germany. Not an inch of territory on the mainland of
Asia is' ours either by treaty rights or by conquest. From
the viewpoint of landed interests, then, we arc absolutely
without the circle of interested nations; the future of
the Asiatic trade has no more momentous significance to
us than to any of the other maritime nations of the
world.
When the time comes for peace preliminaries the lead
ing powers of Europe manifestly cannot play the part
of the dove. England, bound to Japan in alliance,
France tied to the Russian cause, are disqualified. Ger
many is resting under too strong a suspicion of being an
"honest broker" in affairs of the Far East Jo gain the
confidence of Japan at least; Russia would probably
gladly delegate the Kaiser to act as his peacemaker.
Italy is in too delicate a position with regard to her own
status in the sublime concert of powers to attempt any
such delicate role as that of tribune in the war game.
Austria has joint interests with Russia in the Balkans
that would not make for impartiality in judgment.
Of course peace is probably a long way off in the
Orient. Neither the United States nor any other nation
is likely to be called in the very near future to be the
bearer, of the olive branch. To the\ favorable impression
of Hay's joint note to the powers on the limiting of the
field of war there will be added, however, further respect
on the part of our friends across the water for our diplo
matic finesse in thus offering ourselves as arbiters. Hay's
last note adds strength to the already stable prestige of
our diplomacy.
PRESIDENT AS MEDIATOR.
It is quite clear that the recent bril
liant successes of the Japanese have
come upon the peoples of the Con
tinent as lightning from a clear sky.
The comments of the foreign press
display an amazement not a little sur
prising to the Englishman who has
been accustomed for years to look
upon the Japanese as a great nation.
In this matter the British people
have been well served by the press and
by their instinct of travel. They knew
Japan; the Continent did not. While
Frenchmen and Russians appear but
yesterday to have regarded the Jap
anese as a race of uncivilized and
timid dwarfs, the English have been
able to appreciate the Intense strenu
ousness of purpose and heroic aspira
tions of this gifted people. An Asiatic
power ourselves, we knew of •vhat
things the Ghoorka was capable, and
the Japanese, it has been well said,
are "Ghoorkas with brains." Eng
land would rather have been surprised
if her ally had failed in this war, for
her seamen and BOldlers since the alli
ance have been in close and intimate
relation with the Japanese.
In France it is becoming recognized
that the task before General Kuro
patkin is one which no general, how
ever great, could accomplish. The
organ of the French general staff, .the
Echo de Paris, declares that the longer
General Kuropatkin delays the graver
will be his peril, and that not the
Japanese but the Russians are in dan
ger of being cut off from' their base.
The conclusion is correct, but it is
evident that it comes as a terrible
shock to Frenchmen, who have always
believed in Russian invincibility. They
are loyal to their ally, as we to ours;
but they might well remember that
even if Russia has to recoil from Man
churia she yet remains a very great
power, and that what she sought,
when she refused in February to ac
cede to the reasonable requests of
Japan, meant the virtual destruction
of Japanese independence — the end of
Japan not only as a great power, but
as a state, and the sub
jection of all Asia by Russia. — London
Mail. ."•';
Surprised Europe.
In a report recently submitted by investigators to the
Board of Health the assertion was made that whatever
other conditions were found to obtain in the dairies of the
city the water supply was invariably discovered to be
plentiful. Time, labor and expense might have been
avoided by tasting some of the "milk" we buy. If our
dairies were blotted from existence Spring Valley and a
chemist would show us that we had lost nothing.
You taught me all, for once en love's
high altar
I bled a heart that broke before it
died. : ;
Once when I found a wounded doe I
shot her;
Licking my hand; she whinnied and
she cried.
Once when a rose was nodding up above
me.
Safe in its nook and high above the
street.
Ruthless. I plucked it, dripping with its
dew-tears;
.After inspection I crushed it beneath
my feet.
Once in the north a bear I found and
killed her:
Two tiny cuba were pawing at my
thigh.
Once In the south a buterfly blew on
me;
Also it fed your flres that never die.
No pleasure now I take in crimson sun
sets.
Nothing below and nothing up above;
Bartered to you is all of my enjoyment.
And the price paid is loss of all I
love. — Dan McLaughlln.
To Science.
Target practice is obviously a sub
ject upon which most nations are si
lent as to details, and. therefore, very
little has been made public concerning
a most remarkable target practice held
by order of the French Government off
Toulon. The turret of "the battleship
Sufi'ren was subjected to the fire of
two shots from a 9.2 Inch gun of the
Massena. A battleship in commission
fully manned and equipped, represent
ing millions of dollars, was thus delib
erately made a target for another ship.
The idea was to ascertain what would
be the effect of impact of shots upon
the turret of a modern battleship. The
range was short in order to minimize
the possibility of not hitting the tur
ret, and^ the turret waa covered witn
additional plating so that there was
no risk of penetration. The report of
this test was not given out.— Tha
World's Work.
Expensive Target.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
5 HENRIETTA STREET, CQVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, May 18.— The
good old rumor that Daisy Leiter
and Lord Kitchener have become
engaged to be married has been
revived again among the London
club gossips. It was reiterated
yesterday with so much circumstance,
in spite of previous denials, that I
telegraphed to Lady Curzon, at Deal,
asking her to gfve you. a decisive word
on the subject. She did so with enough
lucidity to satisfy any one. Here is her
answer to. '¦ my telegram: "Not the
slightest foundation for the report you
mention.".
\
Special Correspondence
No Alliance for Kitchener.
The Canadian Government has been
Investigating a method of stopping ves
sels, which la the invention of M. Louis
Lacaste^ v In the ordinary ship, stop
ping is father a slow process; the en
gine must be stopped and reversed, and
meanwhile the ship is forging ahead,
perhaps into another vessel. The in
vention of M. Lacaste consists !n
placing along the sides of the ship a
large number of vanes, which, while
the ship Is in motion, lie flat along the
sides. When It is desired to stop, these
large vanes can be released, and they
will stand out from the sides of the
vessel, causing an enormous drag.
In some experiments, conducted in
the St. Lawrence River, the boat on
which the experiments were made was
stopped in its own length, from a speed
of eleven knots. It seems evident that,
if this system is practicable, it should
be an immerse safeguard in case »f Im
minent collision, for in nearly every
case the danger is sighted several ship
lengths ahead, but too late to stop with
the present appliances. — Collier's
Weekly.
A Marine Brake.
The flirt of the six acts is purely
preparatory, Bernhardt making no ap
pearance in it. The scene Is laid at the
Hotel de Noallles, the residence of Gen
eral Lafayete in Paris; time, June, 179L
General Lafayette, the Deputy Barnave
end Count Axel de Fersen discuss the
rumors that the royal family intend to
•scape from Paris. Fersen, the devoted
but purely platonic adorer of the
Queen, has made all the plans for the
flight. Of course, he reveals nothing.
But the dot has been discovered by
Madame de Rochereul, a lady in wait-
Ing to the Queen, who is in love with
Fersen. Jealous of Fersen's devotion to
her royal mistress, the resolves to frus
trate the scheme that would bring
them together, and warns Lafayette.
The second act shows the flight from
the Tullleries, and Bernhardt makes
her first entrance on the stage as the
imperious Queen, saddened by the
shadow of her impending fate, present
ing a etriking contrast to the King,
placid, phlegmatic, excellently acted by
M. Chameroy. There is a touching
scene when the royal children are
awakened and dressed by the Queen,
«ho embraces them passionately. All
leave »the palace disguised — the Queen
as a governess to a Russian nobleman,
the King as her attendant. At the last
moment the noblewoman falls ill and
her place is taken by the traitress,
Madame de Rochereul. Fersen plays
bis part in the escape as a postillion on
one of the four horses which drags the
famous "berline," a •species of Noah's
ark on wheels, which the fatuous Louis
Insisted on having built for the purpose.
Sainte Menehould in the evening is
the scene of the third act, which pre
sents a series of vivid pictures. The
suspicions of the crowd are awakened
by the presence of M. de Choiseul's
troops, designed to cover the King's
escape, and the passage of a chaise in
Leonard, the court hairdresser,
travels in advance with the Queen's
casket of Jewels and her secret papers.
Then arrives the immense berline.
Drouet, the local postmaster, a typical
revolutionary patriot, suspicious of
everything and everybody, flashes his
lantern for a moment on the face of the
King. Surely, he thinks, he has seen
that face before. After the carriage
has left he scans a banknote. The face
engraved on it is the same that was re
vealed to him by the light of the Ian
tern — the King's. With a howl of rage
Drouet dashes off on horseback for
Varennes to arouse the town and stay
the flight of the royal fugitives.
It is at Verennes that the fourth act
occurs. Drouet has arrived there be
fore the royal party. When the car
riage arrives and the occupants are
compelled to descend, it is Drouet who
questions them, Drouet who refuses
to be satisfied, Dxouet who tells the
traveling lady's "lieutenant," the King
in dieguise, that he is very like "some
body else." But Drouet's zeal would
have been baffled had it not been for
the perfidious Mme. de Itochereul,
who contrives to reveal an informal
ity in the passport which affords
grounds for delaying the progress of
the party. Then is brought forward
an old Royalist, whose loyalty com
pletes the betrayaL Recognizing the
King, he falls on his knees, exclaim
ing "Ah, sire!" and kisses the royal
band, to which the King replies with
simple dignity. "Yes, I am your King,"
and then, being hungry, sits down to
discuss a pie and a bottle of burgundy
while the indignant Queen displays
her haughty disdain and, contempt for
the rabble. She has still some hopes
of escape. The royal cavalry may/ar
rive In time. But in Its place comes
the National Guard, dispatched from
Paris to arrest the party and the his
toric flight comes to an abrupt end.
In the fifth act the spectators are
suddenly transported from spectacu
lar tableau* to the realms of simple
tragedy in which Bernhardt reveal*
the intensity of her powers and
¦cores her crowning- triumph. On the
way back to Paris the royal family
has stopped for the night at the pal
ace of the Bishop of Meaux. The
Queen, foreseeing tho end, abandons
herself to agonized reflections. Bar
nave, who has been sent by the Na
tional 'Assembly to bring back the
sovereigns, obtains an audience with
her. instead of the insolent, plebe
ian ruffian whom she had expected
to encounter he stands before- her a
PARIS. May 18.— All Paris is talking
«f "Varernes." the long-anticipated
historical drama by Henri Lavedan and
G. Lenotre, which Sarah Bernhardt has
Just produced at her fewn theater.
••Varennes" is not as good a play as its
predecessor, "The Sorceress," by Vic
toricn Sardou, which is to be seen in
the United States next season, but it
Is notable as reproducing with great
fidelity Bome of the most dramatic epi
sodes that preceded the French Revo
lution and because it gives Bernhardt
an opportunity to do some of the best
acting she has dene in years. The play
deals with the flight and capture at
Varennes of Louis XVI and his Queen,
the ill-starred Marie Antoinette, a char
acter that will henceforth be remem
bered »3 one of the "divine Sarah's"
fineEt creations. In it the great trage
dienne, now a sexagenarian, shows that
age has not one whit diminished her
powers and that in the role of a young
» oman she can still compel that tribute
cf tears which our ancestors freely paid
her a generation ago. O-;, ;
?r«c*«-l Corretpcndence,
Bcrnhardt's New Play-
down, and the class had to b« dis
missed."
" 'Fire a shot into It.' meanin' the
whale. A marine let go his musket and
the critter wakes up, and with a blow it
starts off. As soon as the hawser was
taut, the ship begins to move. You
¦wouldn't believe that bloomin' whale
towed us plum' Into Valparaiso harbor,
would you? Well, that's Just what
happened In '64 down on the coast of
Chile."
'"All in a heap of surprise the officer
of the deck passes the word along.
Bo'suns come a-stumbling. A big haw
ser is hauled forr'd and away a boat's
crew, me along, goes after that whale.
We buoyed a line around the big feller
and made it fast with a couple of half
hitches. The other end was hitched
around the foremast.
" 'All ready, sir,' the cry went aft,
and then the 'old man' says:
" 'That saves us,* says the 'old man,'
shouting, 'Clear away a boat and get
a line on that whale/ V/.:',
" 'Aye. aye, sir/ says the officer of
the deck, looking at a great big whale
that was rolling easily in the glassy
sea.
"The fourth day broke and still not
a breath of air. The 'old man' was
storming and raging around the quar
ter deck In the second watch, when all
ct a sudden he halls the officer of the
deck.
" "See that.* says the cap'n, point
ing over the port bow.
"We was off the coast of Chile in the
frigate— well, never mind her name—
and ran into a calm streak. For three
days we didn't logjan Inch, and the 'old
man' was getting mighty hot. It seems
he had important papers for our Con
sul at Valparaiso.
"Broadside Bill" they call him along
the .water-front. He is an old man-o'
warsman of the days before the levi
athan battleship was the vogue among
Uncle Sam's fighting fleets. Bill is fa
ther to many a forecastle yarn, ar.d he
spins his astonishing tales with a fa
cility that would appeal to the hearer
as carrying the impress of truth unless
he knew old "Broadside" as well as his
mateys do. Here Is' one of William's
best:
A Trite Story.
The last act presents a brilliantly
staged picture of the return of th*
fugitives to the Tullleries. A crowd
hangs about the grates. Indulging in
ribald Jokes. Placards are displayed
bearing tire historic inscription.
"Whoso bows to the King shall be
beaten, whoso insults the King shall
be hanged." A grim silence falls on
the mob as the coach drives up, but
their looks reveal the hatred to which
as yet they fear to give utterance. Only
Fersen, disguised, lifts his hat as the
coach enters the sates, and the curtain
falls.
Fersen. wh»n left alone with the
Queen, falls on his knees and speaks
of hi* love. For a moment she i«
the Queen again, then the woman in
her asserts itself and she bursts into
tears. "To have loved thus in vain,"
cries Fersen. 'Not in vain." the
Queen sobs, and bids him reave her
now that he has learned he has not
loved alone. '
man of dignity and tenderness, sym
pathetic, eager to help her. He im
plores her to do something to con
ciliate the people, to show some feel
ing for those" to wnom heretofore 9he
has only exhibited contempt. The
only hope for royalty, he assures her.
lies In abandoning: those who had
posed as its friends. She speaks scorn
fully of the "vile rabble." refuses to
be a party to the desertion, and in
haughty cngsr summons Fersen and
tells him what Barnave has proposed.
He tells her that Barnave is right, and
that if her safety can be won by the
sacrifice of her true friends they will
joyfully die for her. With the Queen
between them the two men look each
other in the eyes and read there the
same secret.
IN many respects last week was the most unsatisfactory
one yet since -the current recession in trade com
menced. The reports were almost uniformly, un
favorable and included some features which are not at all
liked by the financial interests. Chief among these is the
steadily increasing abundance of money, which is now a
drug in the market.
For several weeks currency has been flowing from
rural districts into the large trade centers and thence
into New York. This tide, which became evident a short
time ago, has now grown to large proportions. It U
taken to indicate a falling- off in business In the country
at large, as the decrease in trade is diminishing the de
mand for funds in corresponding degrees. The currency
redemption of bank notes at the New York sub-treasury
thus far in May is running at the rate of nearly $1,000,000
per day. Ordinarily much of this money would. find its
way into investment in standard railway and industrial
shares in rhe stock market, but very little of it is'fol
lowing that course now, for there is no disposition to
invest in anything which bears the Wall-street brand.
People are leaving stocks alone, but the large and
growing accumulations of capital must be got out into
circulation somehow or other to earn something for their
possessors, so they are being employed in gathering in
blocks of reasonably safe bonds. This is^[Uustrated by
the demand for the recent Russian and Japanese loans,
the New York City bond issue of $37,000,000 and the
subscription of $167,000,000 for $35,000,000 Cuban bonds,
taking the aggregate as subscribed in this country and
Europe, for this country is not the only one by any
means that has a surplus of funds. The fact is, Eng
land and France also have large lines of funds to spare.
The gold holdings of the Bank of France, with last week's
increase of $28,760,000, have risen to $546,860,000, which
is far beyond anything in the previous history of the
bank, according to statements received from New York.
There is another unfavorable feature attracting atten
tion, which is the number of small banking establishments
which' are suspending here and there every few days.
None of these institutions are large and they are mostly
in country districts., but they are good representatives of
the condition of business in their different sections, and
this new condition is therefore being watched by the
larger financial interests of the great cities to which these
institutions are tributary.
Still another unsatisfactory condition is the continued
decline in railway earnings, which- has become a set
tled current, and which, with the reductions in expendir
tu/es by the railways, is taken as a convincing affirma
tion of the decrease' in distributive trade throughout the
country. The decrease in these earnings is slight, being
only 3.3 per cent in May compared with the same month
in 1003, but it is its continuity that gives it its importance.
The steady decrease in the bank clearings is also at
tracting attention. The decrease last week was 14.6 per
cent, compared with the .same week in 1903, and every
city of importance in the country except St. Louis and
Minneapolis was on the wrong side of the exhibit. The
former city showed an increase of 11 pef cent, but this is
a local condition, explainable by the exposition, which
is bringing a good deal of cash into the town. Minne
apolis has been reporting rather more demand for flour
during the past week', which probably gives that place its
small gain of two per cent over last year. The failures
for the week were S26, against 206 last year, but included
none of serious importance.
Commercial reports last week called attention to a
perceptible increase in jobbing and retail business in
many sections of the West, owing to '-nproved weather,
though the movement of merchandise was admittedly be
hind that of last year. The same improvement in the
weather helped the cereal crops along materially and
gave the crop prospects of the country a brighter aspect.
It looks now as if we were to have plenty of money and
grain .during the rest of the year, though there will be.no
overproduction of the latter, as the general aggregate
of the crops, according to current estimates, will be
rather below that of last year owing^to the cold, wet
and backward spring. 1 - _ . . • " .
The industrial conditions are not making a very-fa
vorable exhibit. Many of the leading industries show a
gradual slowing down, with frequent closing of factories
here and there and an increasing number of men* losing
their employment. Some woolen and footwear mills are
reporting conditions rather better, and raw wool has
been moving oft very, well of late, but more idle cotton
machinery is reported.
The staples show very little variation from conditions
which have prevailed for some weeks. Provisions con
tinue in large supply all over the country, and while a
better buying demand at Chicago has been observable,
little confidence in its continuance is expressed. The
iron and steel trades continue to send in poor reports;
and conditions in this industry-are vastly different from
those* which prevailed last year and for several years pre
vious. Buyers now find no trouble in getting prompt de
liveries. In fact, the trouble now is to find buyers
enough to deliver to.
As already mentioned, the three Pacific Coast States
are thus far showing very little of the falling off in busi
ness characteristic of the situation over the mountains.
We have this advantage, and it ~iHs fair to stay with us
indefinitely, that we are the supply area for a great deal
of produce used by the Orient, particularly when two of
its nations are at war, as at present. They want our
grain, hay and other forms of feed arid forage, and they
will continue to want them, which we will find a very
important factor in our coast business henceforth. This
imparts a good deal of confidence to financial and trade
interests and makes the outlook for us very cheerful.
As long as we can supply large quantities of our field
produce to tlje Orient we need not look for any serious
hard times, {"hough those lines which depend upon the
East will of course sympathize with the rise and fall
of trade conditions there. At present some complaint of
less demand for goods is heard in the wholesale districts,
but it must not be forgotten that summer is now practi
cally upon us and that midsummer - is always a quiet
period, even when business is lively. We on this coast
are all right.
cautions against accidents due to natural causes alone,
Lynde has something to say regarding the fatal results
of criminal negligence and inattention on the part of
employes whose hands are heavy with the responsibilities
of human life placed in them. »
' "Here and there," says Lynde, "in the list of accidents
caused by sheer inadequateness on the part of the human
agent is the wreck due to criminal negligence. The man
who 'thinks'he is right does not mean to take chances;
his intentions are good and may lack nothing but
the priceless quality of thoroughness. But the man who
deliberately jeopardizes the lives of others rather than
endure a little personal discomfort or take a little extra
trouble is a moral as. well as a mental degenerate and
the adjustment of his case asks for the impaneling of a
murder jury."
The writer- 1 goes on to assert that such cases can
only be weeded out when public sentiment demands a
rigid enforcement of the law in the punishment . of
offenders or when the railroad itself exerts such a fine
power of discretion in the selection of its employes
that the admission of such a man to service on its lines
will be impossible. This latter remedy can never enter
into effect until the railroads establish regularly graded
schools for the training of their operatives, just as the
Northern Pacific has a college for the instruction of its
corps of clerical workers. At the present time the man
who is taken into the employ of the railroad straight
from the farm or the shop has to work out his own
salvation in the way that seems to him the easiest;
there is no delegated central authority to have direct
supervision over his training, and his competency or
otherwise cannot be fully determined until he is brought
face to face with the test;
The other check uport railroad disasters due to crim
inal negligence that Lynde mentions — the rigid inquiry
into the causes by the law and the - punishment of
offenders — is the surest safeguard as long as the present
conditions, of employing operatives obtain. 'Too often
the power of the railroad over a country jury, either
actually exerted or greatly feared, brings about a careful
glossing over of the facts of the case in their findings
and the power of punishment remains solely with the
railroad. Our grim roster of 8000 odd killed every year
in railroad travel must surely call for remedial measures
of no uncertain character; the Coroner's jury called to
sit upon cases arising out of disaster on the rails is not
the least factor of prevention that needs strengthening.
TREND OF TRADE.
THE S AN FRAN C I SCO G AL L
¦ - * • ¦ ¦¦¦-. : •->..- '-¦ .: ; r .~ ¦...:..¦ ;.J. — Z
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ? ." . . ... > * » . Address AH Commentations to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ••••• '•• .'. .Third and Market Streets S. F.
MONDAY ..: ..MAY 30, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 30; 1904.
Townsend** California Glaco fruits la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st*
By one of the freaks that now and again; distinguish
Russian diplomacy all the ports of Eastern Siberia have
been opened to the trade of the world. If tho warriors
of the Czar continue as they have thus far progressed the
world will probably negotiate with Japan and hot Russia
fortrade privileges in the Far East.
IN the June number of The Reader Magazine, Fran
cis ,Lynde, an ex-railroad machinist, construction
• manager and all-round authority upon the operation
of railroad schedules and, time cards, contributes an
article"upon the causes* of loss of life on American,rail
roads, which contains some very sane reflections upon
the proportion of railroad wrecks that are due to incom
petence on the "part of employes. After admitting that
the best governed of railroads cannot always take pre-
RAILROAD DISASTERS.
The spirit of American progress jtnd push and political
sagacity in Hawaii will not down. The voice of the re
former and of the defender v of- other systems and ideals
is as the chiding wind and the march of the new life is
unimpeded. Another high officer, of- the Federal Govern
ment, but lately retired, has been accused of embezzle
ment. . \
Special Information supplied dallr to
business houses and publlo men by tht»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 239 Qa-
Uornla street. Telephone Main lau, •
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORD AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
6SAX DIEGO. May 28. — This city of
*m&£iifest destiny has attracted much
attention from the outside in the last
year. Its growth has been satisfac
tory and its future is very bright. A
campaign of education has drawn peo
ple to San Diego and crowded trains
and hotels during all seasons of the
year give evidence of the wide-spread
fame of the community. Ideal con
ditions insure growth and interest.
Climate stands first; situation on a
ei'lendid harbor is an advantage that
has incalculable value. Work, ener
getic and public spirited work, has
been the leverage to add prosperity
that is now manifest
Among the organizations in Cali
fornia that have toiled to make good
t:mes for their respective communi
ties, the San Diego Chamber of Cam
merce holds strong position. Very
largely through the efforts of the
Chamber of Commerce and especially
of its harbor improvements commit
tf-e, the national Government has been
induced 10 spend money in the mak
ing of San Diego Bay the finest har
bor on the coast, next to San Francis
co. The people and the Government
ranted a greater depth of water on
the outer bar, but no appropriation
for deepening it was passed until the
Chamber of Commerce raised a fund
cf $1000 and with a dredger went out
on the bar to spend that amount of
money in proving that with the bar
©nee cut away it would not again fill
in. That experiment brought the ap
propriation and now the harbor can
boast of thirty feet of water over the
'•outer bar at low water, where, be
fore the efforts of the Government,
seconded by the Chamber of Com
merce, therf? was formerly but twenty
one and a haJf feet. In eomething the
tame way have come the appropria
tions for the outer Jetty and for the
dredging of the middle ground, both
of which improvements are now in
j-rogress.
The dredging of the outer bar was
carried on several miles out >to sea
from the tnd of the jetty. The middle
ground dredging will take out some
of the eand bar formed inside the bay
where there is a depth of eighteen
to twenty feet of water, and where
thirty feet are desired. The entrance
from Ballast Point across to Xorth,
I&I&hd, near the shore end of the Jet
ty, is only 1600 feet. Through that en
trance the tide water for twenty-two
square miles of bay passes four times
each twenty-four hours.
GREAT PARK AREA.
The special committee on park im
provement of the Chamber of Com
merce is largely to be credited for
originating work on the large public
park of 1400 acres, larger by a Email
amount than Golden Gate Park in
San Francisco. Again the support of
the people v.as asked for and was
given. A fund of $20,000 was secured
by subscription and the committee was
placed in charge of the work. The
special permission of the Council and
Board of Works 'authorized this. Mr.
Mansion supplied a fund almost as
large as that raised by the people, and
Samnel Parsons & Company, land
scape architects in the country, came
¦west to assist with presence and ad
vica* -The entire plan of improve
ment from the entire 1400 acres has
been made out and hundreds of trees
end shrubs have been Mt out The
park committee baa from time to
tim> reported progress to the Cham
ber, but the work has been done by
and under the supervision of the com
mittee, and it has been well done. In
future years the improvement of the
Immense area will take large suras. of
money, but through the efforts of this
committee of the/Chamber of Com
merce a start has/t>een well made.
«fhe Improvement of the park by,
thvt committee end its chairman with
out calling upon the city for funds led
to an offer by John H. Gay. to supply
I the oil fcr making two oiled boulevards 1
through the park and out beyond the j
I saoie to the Normal School. The offer ;
was accompanied with the condition
that the city or some one else should
prepare the roads and oil them. The
tender to the city was made through
I the Chamber of Commerce and it was
j accepted by the city. Ttie park com
j m!»tee of the Chamber of Commerce
j took care of the proposition as to the
. two bc-ulevards through the park, a
distance of about two and two-thirds
! miles. The portion of the drive out-»
j side of the park was prepared for the
j oil by the city's street force, but In
order that the expense sliould not be
too great a drain on the street fund
of the city the Chamber of Commerce,
j through its committee on roads and
I boulevards, raised money to be ex
! pended in labor on this particular
j driveway. The offer of Mr. Gay, to
simply furnish the oil, has cost him
close to $4500, for the driveway is seven
miles long, and through the Chamber
of Commerce he directed that enough
oil be used to make the beat oiled drive
in Southern California. -
IMPROVING THF. DRIVES.
Another offer of a somewhat similar.
character was made through the
Chamber .of Commerce by Colonel Al
G. Spalding, known to every Amer
ican who ever played baseball, whose
home is now at Point Ixrnia. The drive
to and along Point Loma is the most '
sightly «n earth, not excepting that
around the heights overlooking the bay
of Naples. r ;;.
In order to add to its attractiveness
Mr. Spalding. through the Chamber of
Commerce, offered to Improve the drive
and oil it thoroughly from the Rose
ville Postofflce, through the portion of
the Point owned and occupied by the
Theosophlcal Society and Universal
Brotherhood, to the military reserva
tion, if the city would likewise improve
the roadway from the Courthouse in
the city of San Diego proper to the
postoffice mentioned. Once more the
Chamber of Commerce - came forward
to assist in the acceptance of the offer
which had been made through it, and
the committee on roads and boule
vards secured between $1800 and $2000
with which to assist the city in carry
ing out Its portion of the improvement
proposed. The work on both boule
vards is now going on." The chairman
of the. Chamber of Commerce commit
tee on roads. Dr. Grove. Is not the
least watchful of the superintendents
of the work for which he has raised
close to $3500. * '•'¦¦; -*•?'''.*
Through the efforts of the chamber
six improvement club3 were formed by
the citizens of as many sections of the
city. These c!ubs are looking out for the
little improvements of their particular
sections. Committees are appointed
by the clubs on the different streets
and in ways best known to themselves
they succeed in getting, the streets
cleaned up, vacant lots freed' of their
collected rubbish and. start the. resi
dents to aek that their street be grad
ed, curbed and sldewalk*,ed. Tb« work
has proven quite Inexpensive but ex
ceedingly effective for the amount of
outlay. /
The suggestion was made that the
University of California would like to
have its biological school located here,
and a special committee of the cham
ber took hold of the work with the re
sult that the school is now open and
a local corporation formed to support
It for three years, by which time the
Regents of the University are expected
to t>e in position to take care of it
The committee having charge of this
particular piece of work Is at present
laying plans to secure government aid
for the station and the attendance for
at least a portion of the time of the
Fish Commission steamer Albatross.
In this the 'chamber will succeed,' for it
has formed the "habit of success" in
what it undertakes.
GUARDS ITS INTERESTS.
AH of the committees are working
committees and they accomplish some
thing all the time. ¦ To the committee
on horticulture of the San Diego Cham-
ber of Commerce the entire lemon
growing portion of the State owes
thanks for the continuation this year
of the $1 rate on lemc-ns until the loth
of June, instead, as the railroads
planned, to have the rate go out
of existence on the 31st day. of March.
Because of the excessively cold winter
In the East the lemon growers were
getting no advantage of what was
termed the winter rate on lemons, as
there was not the least demand for
them. The fact came to the attention
of the Chamber of Commerce and Mr.
Akerman of the committee on horticul
ture took it up. * In the board of direct
ors' room of the San Diego Chamber
of Commerce Vice President Paul Mor
ton and Messrs. Biasell, Biddle and
Chambers of the Santa Fe road heard
the arguments that convinced them
that an extension of the 51 rate would
be the proper thing. It was extended
further even than was requested.
It is not often that a Chamber of
Commerce Is called upon to go into
the field of sports, but when the San
Diego Institution is called upon to do
so, it does It with no more hesitation
than it would look into a transporta
tion problem in which the community
Is Interested. Last summer Sir
Thomas Lipton sent a $1500 trophy to
the Corinthian Yacht Club of San
Diego to be raced for by the thirty
footers .of the Pacific Coast annually
off the mouth of San Diego harbor.
It was necessary for San Diego to have
a yacht to compete in the race and
the Corinthians' had none capable. of
protecting the trophy. Such races off
the bay will certainly prove an adver
tising ca*cd for San Diego, while the
failure of San Diego to have a yacht
in the race would be an advertisement
with a minus sign in front of it. There
fore Grant Conard of the advertising
committee took charge of matters and
twice formed a syndicate to purchase
a yacht. Once he was going to pur
chase the Cadillac of Detroit, but some
one got ahead of him. When Presi
dent Peters of the chamber went East
and found that the Detroit, which
was the only rival of the Cadillac,
could be purchased, he w!red'-the fact
to Mr. Conard and in two hours a sec
ond syndicate was formed and tbe
yacht was bought by wire. The yacht
Is now on the way out here and it is
confidently expected that she will
prove what Chamber of Commerce un
dertakings down this way have al
ways proved — a success, j
AN* ENERGETIC BODY.
Recently the members of the board
of directors have been considering
the advisability of seeking a new home
for the chamber, and a special com
mittee, with William Clayton as chair
man, has been named to make what
investigations seem to be necessary.
The committee has but just got organ
ized, with a sub-committee or two
named. The outlook is bright, the
prospects for plenty of work for the
chamber are good and the chances
that there ever will be a lack of inter
est in that work are exceedingly slim.
What work will present itself can only
be guessed. One aim of the year is a
membership of 1000. That will be ac
complished and whatever tasks come
to the front will be undertaken with
confidence that : success : will continue
to wait upon the efforts of this or
ganization of San Diego business men.
The, railroad committee has been a
hard working committee and it has
accomplished much. From the loyal
citizens who believed that the cham
ber should be supported, a subscription
of $30,000 was raised, and with that
amount of cash a survey was pushed
through to Yuma and a reconnoissance
survey was carried through Arizona
and Xew Mexico. The result of the
work of the committee brought C. W.
French here,' through whom < it ' is ex
pected, that the road will be built and
other enterprises started, including the
plant of the Pacific Steel Company, to
use the immense iron deposits of
Lower California. ,\ ",.-,'
Faithfully, the Chamber, of Com
merce has worked for, years. •. It was
City of Splendid Promise in the South Finds Co-operation on the Part of Hundreds
of Citizens Who Stand Together to Improve.
OFFICERS AXD SIEMBERS OF THE SAX DIEGO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE, WHO ARE ACTIVELY ADVANCING THEIR CITY'S INTERESTS.
W. L. Frevert was president last year
and the vear before, and George H.
Bailou was president for the two pre
ceding years. Among former presidents
are Judge M. A. 'Luce, George W. Mars
ton, E. W. Morse and A. E. Horton,
"father of San Diego."
The chamber Is well supported and
strong In membership. There are be
tween 500 and 600 active members, be
sides three honorary members and
twenty life members, and the list
of members as issued annually comes
to be considered an »excellent business
directory of the city. The present hon
orary members are A. E. Horton, E.
W. Morse and A.H. Butler. The life
members are H. H. Bancroft. Califor
nia - and Oriental Steamship Company,
Levi Chase, B. P. Cheney, Dr. G. W.
Earl, A. H. Frost, Ralph Granger. U.
S. Grant, EAvard -Ivinson, George W.
Marston, Richard O'Neill, James Phe
lan, Henry Phipps, R. M. Powers, H.
W. Putnam, D. C. Reed, E. TV. Scripps,
J. W. Sefton. O. J. Stough and A. G.
Weiis. ¦ ¦ "¦¦.:• . .:-: : ,-y * : .¦¦
The chamber occupies a ground floor
in the business center of the city, with
entrances on D "street and on Sixth.
There is no billiard-room, no cardroom,
no clgarcase. One.wing of the "L" is
fully occupied with - a comprehensive
display of fruits, farm products and
other of the industrial resources of the
county, and the other has a fine collec
tion of minerals of .the " county and a
geological specimen collection, ' which
belongs toE. A-'Hornbeck, one of the
directors, and .which is said to b one
of the finest In the State. In the angle
between the two wings, and barricaded
behind bales of printed matter if and re
inforced by * a : capable stenographer, is
the secretary's office, and it is very, sel
dom that the - secretary L is not ¦ to be
found at » his ¦* desk ¦ during ; and ' usually
Pre»ld»nt. Homer H. Peters, capitalist and
banker; vice president, John S. Akerman of
the Paclflc Wood and Coal Co. ; second vice
president. K. Strahlraann of Strahlmann &
Meyer, druggists; treasurer. George W. Fish
burn, cashier First National Bank; secretary,
H. P. Wood; directors, Will H. Holcomb,
County Clerk; E. A. Hornbeck, manager Na
tional City and Otay Railroad. Pacific Beach
and La Jolla Railroad and Cuyamac and East
ern Railroad; Itutu* Choate. bank teller; J. N.
NewRirk, . postmaster; Barker Burnell. mer
chant; W.i L. . Frevort, manager Chadbourne
Furniture Company; Grant Conard, real e*
tate agent; "Edward Grove, physician; B. E.
Shaffer, County Auditor: L. A. Wright, at
torney; Melville. Klauber, wholesale mer
chant. . -
There are no open meetings of the
members for the transaction of busi
ness, the entire management of the in
stitution being left in the hands of the
directors. The members put good men
on the board and then turn the af
fairs of public interest over to them.
This method is found far more satis
factory than attempting to hold full
membership meetings for the transac
tion of business. A quorum is always
present; the business is more satis
factorily transacted. The directors at
tend to the business as the directors
of a bank or of a railroad corporation
and the business of the members is
only the same as the business of the
stockholders of a corporation— to see
that the board of directors is made up
of good men. The present officers of
the chamber are:
':';¦ . THE OFFICIAL. BOARD.
The by-laws provide that the en
couragement of immigration to San
Diego County is a foremost purpose of
the chamber and that two-thirds of
the net -Income of the chamber shall
be applied to advertising San Diego
and California east of the Rockies.
The remaining one-third is placed in
a contingent fund, to be drawn upon
only on vote of the board of directors.
It is also provided that six of the
members of the board of directors
shall constitute a quorum and that the
board shall meet in business hours
once a week regularly, special meet
ings being called by the president
when deemed advisable.
organized in 1870, embracing a body
of the representative and active busi
ness men of the town, who were united
for "the better promotion of the pub
lic interest and the municipal wel
fare." <; -;'¦?*£*>¦
a little after business hours. The secre
tary Is H. P. Wood, a business man by
training and a suave and courteous
gentleman, most loyal to the city, the
county and the State. He was a mer
chant in Honolulu for years.
ADVERTISES RESOURCES.
The chamber carries on the publica
tion of Homeland, embellished with
much illustration and devoted to San
Diego County affairs. It has run
through a half-dozen editions of 50,000
each, and has become known as one. of
the best publications for the purpose
intended — to reach the people anfl com
pel perusal. Since the first of the year
an edition of 50,000 of Homeland has
been printed, besides 50.000 pamphlets on
San Diego County. 50,000 small circu
lars and 5000 cards. These particular
editions will be used largely for distri
bution at the World's Fair. Between
January 1 and April 30 the chamber
received -1550 letters and sent out 1394
specially written letters, besides 21,037
pieces of literature by mail or express.
During those four months there were
30,000 visitors in the Chamber of Com
merce rooms and 25,000 pieces of litera
ture-were-distributed from the secre
tary's office.
The work of the chamber has not
been devoted to hot-air booming of the
city. On the other hand its poliev and
practice have been verv conservative.
It has set forth the climatic advan
tages of the section as a place of resi
dence. It has given prominence to
ways in which money may be made,
but health and happiness rather than
immense wealth have been the strong
points in all arguments for residence
here.
The result of this campaign of educa
tion has been to draw attention to San
Diego as a resort at all seasons of the
year and to a very striking degree. Tha
crowded trains and hotels during both
summer and winter give evidence of
the wide spread of the city's fame, and
the arrival of hundreds of new resi
dents gives more evidence that adver
tising pays, for the Chamber of Com
merce has not limited its advertising
to the pamphlets sent out, but has
prepared and paid for page advertise
ments at a time in the Sunday issues
of Eastern dailies, all of which made
for the good of both San Diego and the
whole of California, for the San Diego
Chamber of Commerce has never lost
sight of the fact that the advancement
of the State is the advancement of San
Diego and the progress of the city is
the progress of California to an ex
tent.
The Chamber of Commerce maintains
two exhibits, the one already described
as located in the rooms here, and. an
exhibit almost as large at the rooms of
the Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce. For the remainder of the pres
ent year the chamber will ship fresh
exhibits, at least twice a week, to St.
Louis. The country people, even to
many miles away, are warm friends or
the Chamber of Commerce, realizing
that it is doing good for them as well
as for the city of San Diego.
ACTIVE COMMITTEES.
The field of usefulness of the cham
ber Is being extended as the years
pass. Its committees, both standing
and special, are constantly at work.
Most of the chairmen of committees
are named bv the president of the
board of directors and selected from
the board. The chairmen select their
, own assistants from the body of the
chamber, and each chairman is careful
to get a committee that. will work, and
work in harmony. The present stand-
Ing committees are:.
Executive — Homer H. Peters, chairman; J.
8. Akerman, Edward Strahlmann, GeorgB "VV.
Fishburn, L.. A. 'Wright.
Advertising— Grant Conard. . W. M. Htrbert.
C. W. Ernntine.
City Improvement — J. N. Newklrk, James
MxcMulIcn. E. K. Whfce.
Commerce and manufacture — M. Klauber,
W. M. Gray, B. "W. McKenzie.
County development — Edward Strahlmann
W. B. Hage. C. H. Swallow,
i Harbor Improvement — W. 1». Fr«vert, L. L..
Boone. G. H. Bailou. .
Horticulture and agriculture — J. S, Aker
man. R. C.- Allen, I. I. Irwln.
Legislation— L. A. Wright, Eugene Daney,
Julius Waneenheim.
1 Membership— Rufus Choate, D. C. Collier Jr.,
M W." Folsom. "
. , Mining— W. H. Holcomb. I* S. McLure, H.
C. Gordon. :v ' "
. Railroads — George .W. Fishburn. George W.
Marston, H. P. Wood. •
Roads and boulevards — Edward Grove,
Charles Kelly, V. F. Harbison.
SUtistics — N. D. Tichenor. Jarvis I*. Doyle,
J.- A. GUlonii.
Transportation and immigration — E. . A.
Hornbeck, R. V. Dodge. M. C. Healion.
Ways and means — Barker, Burnell. M. F.
Heller M. W. Jenks. ¦:•>¦:. \*- .
Special committees at present work-
Ing include one on park improvements,
George" W. Marston chairman; on per
manent building, William Clayton
chairman; school of biology. Dr. F. M.
chairman; 'improvement clubs,
M; Klauber chairman. ¦
All of ' the committeea work in har
mony with • the committees of the ', City
Council and Board of Supervisors.
Most of the members of the cit v and
county government are -members *, of
the - Chamber, of Comerce and some of
J them are i active in its councils. • More
j over, \ the . chamber has I the . active snp
! port; of , the ! citizens of both city and
. county.' :
:¦'"'-" ' ' - f • . ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
Treated at Park Hospital.
E. W. Moore, well known about the
Cliff House and better known as" "Ma
jor" Moore, was thrown from a horse
on the ocean 'driveway yesterday and
sustained painful injuries and brulse3.
Mrs. H. J. Curamings of 316 San Pablo
avenue, Oakland, was struck by a bi
cycle ridden by William Moore of 614D
Howard Street and sustained contu
sions of the back. Both were treated
at the Park Hospital.
The BenencienclJi (II. G.) Company of
San Francisco.
ORGANIZED MAY. 1900
TO THE PUUUC!! UEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS!'. AH genuine tickets of this
company have initials "R. G. CO." on faces
and monogram "R. G. C." on backs thereof.
Following are the capital prizes as decided
by the Beneflcencia Publica Company, Thurs
day, May 26, 1904: No. 634S8 wins $7500, sold
In Sacramento, Cal.: No. 1SSi}7 wine $2500, sold
in San Francisco, Cal.; So. 6237 wins $1250.
sold in Oakland. Cal.; Nos. 6720, 15238. 33015.
66928 and ?232t> each win $123, sold In San
Francisco. Cal.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and Eureka,
Cal.
The R. G. Company paid to E. S. Halsey,
S41 Thirty-fourth at.. Oakland, Cal.. $3750 for
one-half «/ Ucket Xa 77204. drawing April
28, 1904; \o S. Li. Beary. Portland, Or* for
client. $1250, for one-balf ticket No. 33742,
game date; to N. Hadeno. 123 North Broadway.
L«s Angeles Cal.. $1250. for whole ticket No.
3«134, same date; to Mrs. J. Mack, 629 Elev
enth St., Oakland, Cal., $300, for onerhalf
ticket No US330, drawing May 14. 1904; to
Bank of Alvarado. for M. KIwa, $1000, for one
half ticket No. 63S64. same date. . . *
(Class "E.")
City of Mexico, May 26, 1904.
No. Prixe.l No. PrUe.l No. Prlz*.
182 lOCtf 248 201 2»5 20 !
2S8 201. 312 201 393 20
436 4© 440 20) 40« ICO
660 100 571 lOOt 651 20
684 40! £93 40j 912..... H>0
1069 20| 1107 40 1383 . 40 i
1533 20 1750 £0 1818 2O
2122 . .. 100 21S2 40 2211 40 1
221» 20 22C4 40 2332 40!
2071 20 2731 20 25W7 40
3071..-.. 40 3103 2W> Zlt* 1 !) *>
3303 40 532!) 20 3342 20
3617 40 3999 20 4204 20
4213 20 4357 20 4374 4O
4437 100 4433 20 t
4628 20 4726 20 4749 .20
4823 . 20 4932 40; 4953 jU>
6038 20 5125 20 6308 W
5583 40 5tfJ6 20 6952 20 |
69J2 20 I
CC21 40 6098..... 200 6100 40;
€217 40 «237 1WM> C24S *•>
6254 40 Cm 20 C462 -»0 i
C430 20 6618 40 6720 10t»J {
Citfc 40 6S17 2Oi 6S44 100 j
«847 40 «W» 20 7194 40;
7308 20 734S 40 7373 40;
7421 20 7579 20 7384 40!
7649..... 40 7727 401 7749 *•> |
7818 20 7873 401 \
7893 40 «*029 40 8043..'... *<*\
S251 200 8397 100j »4«3»..... 100
»4«7 1001 M71 20i 8572 20
83»8 401 8940 40\ 9<J4« 20
9030 20 9088 201 9-TO2 100
94C2 20(9313 100) 958» -»0 !
f»«ll 20; 9«30 20] 9843 4I> »
9001 1CO;10023 2Oil012tS 10O
1022:i 20,10291 20)10636 20;
10H11 20J10712 20,'l0732 »> i
lC!tJ*9..... 20ill2ti0 10OU322 20
11350 20 11415 20111491 40
11C80 2C|1195ft 20\11983 20O
12018 40jl2O54 20)120«7 40
12318...... 20'l2:»0 200,12:00 2O
12500 2Cil25.SO 20J12C32 20
12713 20 127S0 100112963 40
13048 2O1313S 20113230 20
13253. K/OflStiO? 40jl3831 M
138«3 20)14090..... 2014213 40
• 1438B 20114500 20|145.'13 4O
1471B 20iH754 40il4775 20
14SC« 10O!14S17 40J14SCS 20
1483C 2t) 13082 20;131S2 40
15258 10W152S5 20|15322 20
15327 1(«, 15340 2Ojl5aS5 20 |
154CO 40!l54S9 100 15504..... 20;
lo>U7 lOOUSfiSO.,... 20il5U79 -*•
1GO29 20il«O08 40[ieOOO 40)
1BC02 lUO'lfclfftS 20!l«2ia 20
1«225 4O:i*«77 20116495 40
16397 I*C:1<W16 2OUH91S V.20
1H921 2016930 20' 1700.1 ICO
17148 ' 2O|1720!> 40117282 40
17*)1 20,17457 10Oil74«5 20
17ii«...... 20,17780 20,1.785 40
17812 40 1S117..... 20(18540 20!
lS5<i« SO! 18733 40 18777 20
I«l-*t9 4O!1X*«7 20C001Ssa8 100
1S905 aolisaio 40|
10032 100|19045 40119108 20
19201 20119250 49 19254 "20
19440 50O19fl37 2OU9707..... 20:
19731 20119735 100 19S87 20 |
19H90..'... 20:19905 20 19989 4i> ;
20316 100 20823 40 20343 20 ;
20376 2o,2Oa < K) 20120490 2<>
20504 2U:203CS 4012O844 20
2W22 40'2i)837 20l2i>S79 40
20Mt> 2012100S 500121410 <0 ]
21415 100:21689 20j21694 20
21i).i9 1OO|21S4!> 40I21S37 40
22031 20;22076 20:22115 20'
22159 2Oi22231 20J22273 40.
22714 40 227SO 2022»3« 40]
2»VV* 2023137 40 23233 4O .
2".395 20'234«S 20 23497 2O ;
2C»H5 KK>23943 40 23389 40;
24074 4024122 40|2412S 40
242S4 21^24293 40I2433S 20;
24431 10024479 40 24813 HX> ,
24799 20 248»4 100 24975 20:
2XW4 40 23398 20 25706 40 ;
23^0 4O2.-.ai<» 2O'25999 4«»
2«181,,... 4026242 2fV26.T:4 I0<>
26430 202<V4*0 2O2fi«)4 40'
2G73rt 20:28792 2i>:2i»«9. % . .. 4<>
27382 ... 40 27393 100273«8 "40,
27778 2<>'27S4ft..... 2<V2812S 2*>
2±"ft* ... 202S331 2t» k 28623 2i>
2SWIS 40 29033 5n»"l 2nrt55 2<>
29132 20!2!>lX« 2O-232M 10>> :
•292GA »>2ta«5 Roo 2O.V» 500 :
2T>5«»? 2Oi29T38 1D«*2»SS2 lOrt ;
3)SS7 ... 2W.298HH 20.299S1 4O
3HO14 10O.30130 2u;301«8 .20
30372 2O'3»3»rt 20 304R2 20';
304tV» 40 3(M9f) 40 30512 40
3O7.'.2 . „• 2'V308<18 20131034 l«« :
31123 . 20:31342 lOrt'31414 10<> i
Slftw!.... J0Olai664 20:31749 V> j
31<i«.% 41>'?.UM*> iO.MflOl 4»>
,82000..... 20^2335 . 2O3231S 4ft
JB5J8 10.K.1277-2 4OS2014 20
3.-Utsi» 2fii3.T!;tt 100A" > .242 1"O
R.T»74 ... 40'33313 20:.T«05 200
33537 ... 2C'3rrr4"? M133833 40
$3957 40 ; .TJ025 20 34037 20,
S409S 40 r (
34m 4OM419O JO'34194 40
341t><? ... 40TU210 "-ertftl.14.TJ8 2<>
34430 ... 40344*1 4Cn4»!fiO 60
34«?»« . 4O:.T47»« 10rt'34»V» 40
34.S25 . 20!3*»^0 20!S.V)15 100ft
ftSlGOL 40:.T3297 2035.T21 20
3.VJ7!) 20133436 20:."^»" < ? 40
333.10 20 ".3535 lCO'333ft» 20
35714 l()0;33.«41 40:i3020 2i>
33IWO 2O!.W>17. 4n:.1«n6 20
36317 40)36327 20J36390 20 j
3«4fi3 2f>3fi7«l 1W>|3«7«S 20
3«8«4 ao'swsa 20:370m 2f> 1
37fV*r 20'37174 4OM73O2 40!
37355..:;*;. 40'.*!73fiO JOO.TTSSrt 2>> 1
S7n*"0 .. lOO'.itW^. . . : . 40'17777 COO
377S7 .... 40 ! 37S22 20(37840 40
37S44 sofsmi a>:3sio 20
SR4(V| ... 2O3S4P0 JJOO'SSItm 4O
SR74< .... 20;3S7«) 40 3S7*4 40
3*790 40*.-3m5 1CO.-W237 2O
30245 4 ( V'3at0« 20-39532 2O .
SftfirH; £0>3a771 100!3991S 20'
J»02« 20! , ? !
3HJHTT 4040210 40!40237. . ... 20 1
40233 20'4023.S 100:40270 ICO '
40.122 40:40.T3« 4O;4C3t>7 40'
40615 40140617 2O!4C€«..... 20 j
4fj»J« 20'4ft042 2O!410St 40!
41248 20141420 200*11125 20
414*8 40!41«27 20141GO1 2«"M> t
42<tt2 20i 42245. . { .. 4O< 42247 4O I
42321 2OI42442. .'... 2OI424«« 10O !
42500 40U2501 100142923 20 |
420«7 100*42074 40(
43003 100"4-iOO» 20i«CS« 20
4.noa ioci4.".i.a 4Oi4.:5:i» 4f>
j 433(13 40U3752 4O i 13St4 2O
! 4a«9« SM440P5 2O441H 20
I 44473 20'4473« 20 44837 2O
44158. ... 40'449«9 2OI4S04S 20
43W3 .'.... 20'45K*5 , 2«!4MC« 20
45.V!0 20i43327 4CJ43.T46 40
I 43.-ST0 4O'4W"»»; JCO' 43737 10O
; 45702 40'45M7 40'4ffl37 2O
I 4r.>7S 2t^;4«317 4O;4«Wrtl . . . . . 20
I 4«50» 20U6545.«.. 20!4fr639 40
i 4G729 4C'4fi77'5 20 4<TSS2 20
I 4TO32 ... 20|4«8«2 2oUrtOS(» 20
i 4-G$!> 40 47H.7 1CXV47145 20
4716.1 2OU7370 20U7373 40
47OS2 200!47049 20'47t?fi« 2O
•47"^*) ... 20'47S30 2OO ( 47O13 2O i
¦ 47JM3 2OM80OO 200(48220 2O j
4<!77 2O:4S4«l 40 4*48,1 20,
4S4<(9 20'4WH5 2f.!4.«i > '32 20
i$WC, . 2Oj4S981..... 4O1492K? 40
! 4!W«2 '.".... 20!4M74 4W«Sm8 40
4fM2.1 1*1049509 2O|49573 ICO
;49fi53.... 20!49«7"T7.... 20!4!>7M ICO
493f.fi 40!4!>flfi2 2OJ49>61 40
60l«2 2O'5O174 40 30412 20;
5«M46 20130447..... 1CO'5<W01 20 1
50*63 20(50702 200'3«724 10O
507-> fl 20 50SO3 40I30S41 20
5001S 2O50O75 2CI51075 20
61110 40151121 ZO'SIKS 600
! 512.TI 100:31o21 2O.51342 2<>
I R1.180 20ibl440 20:51530 40:
I 515S1 2051R43..T.. 2051C60...... 2»"> I
\ M7'M ... 20151S3* 20:51M0 20!
| siot;2 20*52127 20132301 20
'• B»24 20524:»..... 20|32513 40
5-mfl 20:.t2SKS 100I52708 40
52744 - 20152935 100"52064 20
320«7..... 2OS.VSO40 40 53109 40
SaaKi.. .. 2f>!5.1*2t> 20!334S9 4t>
B.1307 4O'33B1S 20i3ni"T.2 20
M7R) JC0;3.-W47 . 20:5.-i8S4 2O
SOIS-TOM 4f>'34l54 40
54119...^. lCO!i>4r.n7 20'54«90 40
54713 ... 4OJV47S1 IWW34S73 100
Mno« 200'3»9l7 2P!
55083 40(53124 40 5T>234 20
55293 . 2O'3333« 20'55410 20
53478..... 20'33«50 20'W«C3 lOrt
5SfiO7 20!5«3e3 2O;5»5737 4O
S6D7S 4057234 2O.3742T 20
57569 20)57749..... 20i37897 20
57916..... 401 !
5$r,95 2015S4K5 2OO'5«30 40
58515 20I3S603..... 20'58731 40
5.S737 . 4O58S31 . 403S939..... 20
60008 .... 20159029 20:33170 20
51)250 .... 10O1384S3 20 5U524 2O
59548 20059.n0 20 59S92 20
B0O4O'III! 2O'e<»4.l" '. . . . 2<?«0157 20
60232 .... 4OiC<mS 40160473 - 20
60478 2O|6OfiO7 40CW34 40
60880 20I61125 40'6U50 20
61285 .... " 20J813SJ 20161438 20
61589 20!6ieflt..... 40!61963 600
«10l'"!i; 20i«21«> 40:62339 20
62371 ... 20J62395 2062413 20
625961.... 40*62603. 20*82<S10 20
62613 20re2«!23 20 C2f551 . . . . . .20
626«3 40162748..... 20SC2S46. .„. 40
62896..... 40163024 40*63140 40
63233..... 2OO|632f.« 20^63322 20
63343 .... 40;«34«S..-...«OOOOT
axil 2063393 20163739..... 40
62907 2O1640OI..... 20164011 £0
64070 2064106 4O'ftl234;.... 20
64309 .... 20f«4320...;. 40 €4507..... 100
64734 ... 20(64791 4rt*(M792 40
64S00l.... 40164842..... 100'e5221 2O
65164..... ¦20T65TO2 40!e3317 40
65549 4O1655S3 20:63636 40
65651..... 20J656S7..... 40{
6571S 200165057 500 66013 20
CCC71 40!6fi270 40:P6317. .... CO
J 6^,76 40160433..... 4r'KW!W 100
' gwjs 20JC«I75a. .... 4O!fiC92S lcoo
I 67014..... 20itT71W.-r.-T. 100I671B7..... 40
167212..... 4Oi«7253 . 20! 67343 ..... 2O
67352 r....--,: 2O67335 20!67414 100
1 fiTn.10..... 20! . J
'CS059 . 20J6836T 20L5S392..... 20
Many Young Women of the Chil
dren of Mary Receive a Spe
cial Blessinjj.
A number of young women of >he
Children of Mary were consecrated at
St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday after
noon. The impresslvte ceremonies
commenced at 2:30 o'clock, when the
children filed into the church, headed
by the Child Jesus Sodality and the
Holy Angels' Society. The formula
of consecration opened with a hymn,
"Come. : Holy Ghost." Then came the
reception to aspirants, the consecra
tion, instruction, benediction of the
most blesed sacramento and the "Te
Deum."
After the services had concluded the
various sodalities repaired to the"base
ment, where the following programme
was rendered:
Address. Lynette Reeves; • recitation. "The
Wayside Shrine." aspirants of sodality; piano
solo. Bessie Kattigan; "An Evening in May,"
Loretta. Simmons; dialogue "Gifts of Our
Lady." member* of the sodality; "Mater Ad
mlrables," "A Crown for Our Queen." chil
dren of Mary.
NUMBERS
—OP THE—
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
SAN DIEGO'S CHAMBER OF COMMERCE IS PROMOTING
PUBLIC GOOD BY VERY PRACTICAL UNDERTAKINGS
Kn - Pztst «}*• Prtta-IVn Prls*
e&wo 20*6S6ii aoiestwr sco
eS690 4O!t58744 20S8S77** 4O
68931 2OB9081 2O'e9UB7 40
69112 100;<5»l«a 2063173 1C«>
69168 40'«0200 20(«l242 2»
K>2*S1 100(69543 2».>0 ?93»4 2l»
69613 206981S 2O-H9H3S 2l>
C3957 2Oi7C014 40)70001 2O
70UKS 20*7012) 20j701S2 2i>
70206 20-70374 20:7O«)2 Z»
70412 40> 70468 •¦»:70 < 525 20
70C30 100-7CB75 2<>! 70CSO II"
70sat» 40i70»49 20;711CO 2O
71112 20i7H3o 4O71251 2O
712C1 2OI713S7 »(TH« ~»
71472 4071490 40;714»4 4O
71661 40j71737 4071347 4O
71S56 40;71»ia 101X71974 20
71976 200'7201S 100(72033 2»
72042 20J721S0 JOs 72154 ICO
72271 SOTZitH 1OWTZ5K4 2O
72:»7 40172427 20(72130. «... 2O
72540 20:72711 4»>'72S18 2»
72831 100'73017 2U.73U05 2»
73110 20'73202 200 73224 10ft
73413 40I7346S 2O'7*J483 2»
73fi.«S 40(73737 2<:07.T973 1*"O
74004 20; 74090 20174140 4#»
74223 4Ci74efiS 2«J 74723 40>
T4794 10074921 20>743S» 2l»
73849 40f
76027 100,76119 2f)'761« 4»
7«1«1 40;7€223 20 782M 2O
7C230 46;7«2S7 40'76315 4O
7CSD7 40 ! 7K»7 2f>'7K»>44 4»»
7674$ 407B799 2<);7723S 2O
77m 20177490 2"775Ct> 20
77533 2O 77673 20*777M> S-»
7792M 4U!7$106 :Kf7JU!» 2*
7S2C3 ICO'78290 2078.171 2»»
79J3.S 20*75<«i0O 4OT7W43 4<>
7S753 2017H792 2017x00 2O
79020 lOOiTOOW 4O|791M 4<>
7JT06 20*79219 40*73203 20t»
792D5 .... 20i794«t2 20- 73338..... 20
79603 40;73831 20,79894 20
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 63413 to 63319. inclusive,
b-insr fifty numbers on each side of the nna
ber drawing; th« capital prize of $»\0»>O. J«O.
10O numbers from 13.S17 to 1S.917. Inclusive.
belne fifty numbers on each side cf the num
ber drawing the capital prtae of $29,000. $40,
100 numbers from 6197 to «2S7. inclusive,
being fifty numbers on each side of the num
ber drawing the capital prize of $10,000. $20.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
799 numbers ending with «8. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prlie cf *60.000. 120.
790 numbers ending with «T. betas the last
two figures of the number drawing the- capital
prize of $20,000. (20.
The subscribers having supervised the *bor»
drawing of the lottery of the Beneflcencia
Publica. hereby certify that the above U an
exact «JDy of the number* which w»re this
day drawn from the 80,000 placed in the wheel
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness our hands at the City of Mexico,
this 26th day of May. 1904.
IT. BASSETTI. Manager.
JOSE DE LA VKGA. Treasury Department.
JUAS B. CASTELLO. Interrenor.
CONSECRATION" SERVICE -
HELD AT THE CATHEDRAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,, MAY 30, 1904.
7
AJVEBTISE3CEHTS.
¦ 8 1
Aiipfinip I
HUullUIL B
We will offer the following |j
choice properties by order of 1
the referee Thursday. June 2, H
1004, at oar salesroom, 20 M
Montgomery street. *\
*;'. Subject to ' confirmation by ij
the Superior Court. H
NO. I. fj
Ellis street, south line. 82:6 U
east of Jones street, east 27 :6x S
137:6. Improvements consist of B
a three-story dWelling rented 3
low at $85 per month. A E
splendid holding to improve |
with a modern building. Ij
NO. 2. Eg
Bush street, south line, 137:6 1
east of StocktJfa street, east If
45:10x137:6 to llarlem place. Ij
Improvements consist of frame Ij
building rented low at $IISSO B
per month. Rents could readily jl
be increased. ij
r -Notice — Bids obtained at this f
sale cannot be increased in ||
court. If
For terms and further par- g
ticulars apply to h
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., H
Auctioneers,- 20 Montgomery st B
STT/XTE/WIBINX
/ OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF TKB
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMAJJT, OS THE MST
day of December. A. £>. 1U03. and for toe
year ending en that Cay. as made to the In-
turanc^ Commissioner of the Stat* of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
H10 and Sll of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished- by the Commissioner:
/CAPITAU
Amount of Caoital Stock, pa'd up
la Cash ._*375.00O CO
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned bjr Company — JJH.OOO 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 140. S23 tt>
Cash Market Value of ali Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3SS.3Q3 61
Cash Is Company's Oifice ».5M lo
Ci5h ta Banlu B3,7ua U!
Interest due and accrued vn Bends
and Mortgages 4.923 11
Premiums in dua Course of Collec-
tion - - • • 3,373 &7
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for inre and Marine Risks 102.SS7 47
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 122.3S0> 21
Total Assets ,_?0S4.756 2S
¦LiABrLiTreg. ¦---——
Lorses adjusted and unpaid 144.071 83
"Losses rcsi3ted. including expenses. 2mtu$S ta
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or leas, f ¦ ;
reinsurance 50 per cent l«fc7T2 4«
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one y«ar. f ;
reinsurance pro rat* 87.939 50
Du* to other Insurance Companies. 141,237 45
All other UatUHtles &2.402 Zi
Total Liabilities ...» SC«>J.3>;2 17
INCOME. ' ~~
Net cash actually received for Flra
premiums 1471.S63 »1
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 4.283 41
Received for Interest ajid drrldends
on Bonds. Stocks. Leans, and
from *U Other sources 16,391 44
Received for Rents , 4,735 00
6,810 Xt
Total Incoms ....._< 306. isa 0»
EXPENDITURES. — — —
Set amount paid far Fire Losses
(including Ili^.^W lit losses of
previous years* I259.S91 «
Dividends to Stockholders IS. 730 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 33.S7I H
Paid for .Salaries. Fees and other
Charges for of fleers, clerks, etc. C43O 04
Pa:d for Stats. National and Local
taxes - 6.353 06
All other payments and expendl-
tures 1C3.+17 31
Total Expenditures ._Hsa.M3 23
FlrS ¦
Lows instirred dnrtat; th> year... 126H.U0 93
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amonnt of Risks . '
Tetr^-.f^f-.^? -f519.SM.283 SiaMM SI
Net amount of Risks
ySr"? .*!!*.»: . e43.4«j;«oo uxoL-mn
K &aS5'tf !&!?! 13M1.11S 478.100 41.
OSCAR RUPERT!. Vice President.
JULIUS BAESECKE. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to b«fora me. this Ztit
IT. S. Consul General.
waltefTspeyer,
CENERAL AGENT,
"PACIFIC COAST DEPAfiTMETT,
225 Sansome S t. 'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 30, 1904.
8
nUESSM AKER.H AKD BEAMSTKESSKS
' ACCORDION, sunburst ! and knlfe-plaltlng.
> Stewart's button and buttonhole factory, 110
* Taylor st.; tel. Folsom 2121. .
> McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
) Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
! FIRST-CLAPS dressmaking; shirt waists a
specialty; 75c up. 804 McAllister; phone 2211.
EDUCATIONAL. > •
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, beat
lighted and roost delightful place of business
study In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. I Thorough," Inspiring
• Instruction 75-page catalogue on request.
' CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, 001-
P23 Golden Gate ave.
A BIGGER school than ever. V,. On June 1 we
move, to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
St.. near Third. More .npace. . finer rooms,
better light. Finest in the West. Come and
i see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE, now at
1236 Market st.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUs'lNEilS COLLEGE. 1435 llar^
ket. guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
' AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 13 years; special discount
! during month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mines&EIeetrtelty.24 Post
St.. S., F. ; a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
. DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs;'Juve-
nlles. Sat. 2 to 6; prlv. lessons dally. FinJ-
lay's Hall. 17th. b«t. Valencia snd Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.; mln..m<»ch., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day ev.; est 1864. Van
dor Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of oflclal court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog,
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand etc.. $4 i
mo. Western Business College, -1107 Market.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin chib, $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECkT
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
KENT Law School: always open; send for par-
tlcu'.ars. 636 Parrott building.
IC.MPLOY.MEVr OFFICES.
GEORGE~AOKir 421~PoVt~ sTT^lT~mish~135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help.etc.
A — ORPHEtJM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell St.: tel. Main 5752.
GRAND — Japanese and ! Chinese employment
office. 415 Stockton st. ; tel. Grant 168.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Loon Seung's, 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 420.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
E.MPLO VME.VT WAXTED—FEMAJiB.
SCANDINAVIANS; three neat servants. Just
from Seattle, good cooks and housework
girls, wish sltuationst In American families.
Sfe J. K. CROSKTT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
THOROUGHLY competent woman wishes gen-
eral housework: city or country; Is a good
plain cook. 270 Jessie st.
A COMPETENT laundress and house cleaner
wants work at $1 25 per day; references. 22
Mary St., near Mint.
AA — BOOKKEEPER, cashier, young lady, ex-
pert accountant; all modern methods; highest
reference, last position 5 years. Box 644, Call.
WANTED — Situation for downstairs work; a
Kood cook and laundress. 2207% Pine st.
GERMAN woman with a child, good cook,
wants work, country. 324 Mason st.
WAITRESS, experienced, wants position, city
• or country hotol or restaurant. 324 Mason.
GOOD American woman will do day work of
. any kind; has no one to help her; must have
it now; would take charge of business prem-
" ises; perfectly reliable. Call immediately.
648A Jessie St., downstairs, bet. 7th and 8th.
GOOD American woman will do day work of
any kind; has no one to help her; would take
charge of business premises; reliable. Call
(UsA Jessie St., downstairs, bet. 7th and 8th.
WOMAN would act as guide to shoppers,
- chaperon young ladles visiting city to mat-
inees or other places of interest; $1 60 per
day and expenses. Box 973, Call.
THOROUGHLY experienced child's nurse and
seamstress wishes situation; understands full
charge from birth: best references; city or
country. 1425 Washington St. S. F.
YOUNG German lady. Just arrived from Ger-
many, wants employment 3 for cook and
household work In a good' family household.
Apply at Humbcldt House, 1309 Stockton st.
YOUNG lady stenographer will accept' position
in country; will aselst on books; 4 years'
practical experience with Al recommenda-
tions. Box 684, Call office.
DRESSMAKING in families by an expert-
enced dressmaker on ladies' and children's
suits; $1 40 per day; reference. Bos 073,
Call office.
BUSINESS lady of experience would like
position; accurate and quick at figures. Box
0S6. Call office.
SCOTCH woman wants situation; good cook,
baker and laundress; sleep home; references.
Address Cook, box D93, Call office.
ELDERLY German lady wants position as
housekeeper for one or two gents. Address
MRS. I'. R.. box 1180. Call office. Oakland.
A COMPETENT young woman wishes cookln*
and housework; wages moderate. Box 647,
Call office. .
YOUNG lady wishes a position as bookkeep-
er in store or business house; best of refer-
ences. Box 1191, Call office, . Oakland.
WOMAN wanta position as cook and down-
stairs work; good cook. Address 1014 Web-
ster st, Oakland. -- .- ':
A LADY would like to care x for house during
absence of owner. Address MRS. C, 2233
Dana St., Berkeley.
WOULD like to . do ladles' and gentlemen's
washing at home. Apply 4C5% Minna st
GIRL wants position In candy store. Box 7C2,
Call office.
POSITION as nursery governess. Apply 590
Baker st.
A STRONG young woman wishes house and
window cleaning; $1 50 day. Box 701. Call.
WANTED — Position as demonstrator; city, or
will travel. Box 706, Call office.
LADY wants to do washing by the day. Box
775. Call office. :
TWO Scandinavian girls that speak no English
wish positions to do housework. 418 Ivy ave.
SITUATION wanted by Swedish lady as
housekeeper. 231 Stevenson "st.' .
REFINED woman wants work as lunch
waitress. Box 5)32, Call office. '
PLAIN sewing taken at home. 24 Camp st.
bet. 16th and 17th. •
FIRST-CLASS laundress would like fine wash-
lng: to do at home. Phone Page 11S7.
DRESSMAKER wishes work by the day Box
.1108. Call, office, Oakland.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th*
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st..'
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call .'Brunch office, cor. Duncan ft Church ats.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALJB. •
A— BUTLER— * * ¦•¦- .-¦;•¦;."'""¦
Young energetic man. 2S, trustworthy, best
references, wants position with family will-
ing to give little instruction In butler's
duties: low wages In consideration of above.
Box 417, Call office.
NON-UNION carpenter wants work; compe-
tent to take charge; wages reasonable. Ad-
dress box 1199, Call office. Oakland.
A MECHANICAL draughtsman of long experi-
ence in designing gas. gasoline," distillate and
oil engjjics and machinery of all kinds, can
superintend the manufacture of same. Box
605, Call office. "
BOOKEEPER — Young man, ace 21 years, self
. made, fair education, graduate of San Fran-
. ; Cisco ., Business ¦ Collecc. desires permanent
¦': position with reliable firm. Box 988, Call.
ALL ' around hotel ¦ man", wishes a ; steady po-
sition as clerk or portei at a resort; best
references. Address box 1190, Call', office,
;/ Oakland. ~ , V ' ¦
DRAUGHTSMAN wants position; several years' |
mechanical and electrical experience; will
do evening work at home. Address box 932,
Call- office. ' .•••'•.'.'••• •
AN expert vamlsher and polisher In all kinds
of ' hardwood finish » wants work ' by, the Job;
. estimates given. Box 72S, Call office. .
GOOD . sausage maker would ; Ilka ' to • work ' In ]
city; Box. TO2, Call office. . - T _ »-
tODRINR HOUSRS FOR SAT.F,— -Con.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner: rent $125.... $4500
100 rooms; clears $850; low rent .'...$6509
80 rooms; furniture nearly new ....$3800
40 rooms; fine location, north of Market.* 1000
4G rooms; in Oakland; new; rent $60.... $2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent $600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL A
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. _^
FOR sale — Lodging-house. 30 rooms, all rented:
reason for sale, sickness; investigate. 255
Sixth st.
THIRTY-FIVE-ROOM Market-street house;
busy corner; Al transient; 1 wlllsell at low
figure or exchange. Box 3486, Call otfice.
MINNA, 514, near Sixth — 10 rooms, house-
keeplng; cheap rent; price $200.
, •PIRITUALISM. ' ¦'¦
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing 'memorial
seance. 2 and 8 p. m. Mon.. 5Oc. 32S Ellis. |
BARLE'S seance Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings; readings dally. 1052 Ellis st.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate- writer. 1112 Eddy st.: phone Scott 887.
C. MAYO-STEERS. 8568 17th st. : afternoons
only; correspondence solicited. .Tel Capp 866.
CliAIRVOYAlOs. - ;
THE FUTURE REVEALED, THE PAST
DISCLOSED.
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarion's treatise that is
so electrifying the world to-day. Ha is no
imitator. His work Is upon original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. He tells you wbai
you deelre to know and works in the open
light. /
He is as conspicuous for his wonderful oo-
cult analysis as he Is for his original ex-
pression and vfvid truthfulness.
A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE h* will
griye you a full life readrng for $1. A test is
of little value; when the mind is troubled you
need more substantial aid and advice. This
is JuBt what PROF. LIVINGSTONE gives
you when you call on him for a first-class
clairvoyant reading.
He aeks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Let PROF.
LIVINOSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
' suggest the remedy. - > ' ¦
Permanently located 428 Eddy St.: 3 sepa-
rate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ASSURED success for you.
* Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
*1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 II
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him."
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco. .
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to'tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife or lover Is true or false; who and
when you will. marry: how to gain the love of
the one you d?sire; "in fact." I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself: his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible • development in mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures; gives you success
in life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.. N
10 a. m. to 8 p. in. — Closed Sunday.
¦ 326 O'Farrell St.— 320.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and bus.'nera medlurn. perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the fut <v if you are in trouble,
discontented or satisfied with life, or
have domestic, k, .r business troubles, cbn-
sult this great in -diutu and you will be told
bow to overcome them: valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 4563.
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
50c, g. by cards $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
alt.. $1 50. 290 O'Farrell st., near Mason.
MISS ZEMDAK, young, gifted clair. & palm.;
I correctly treat Your love affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
1., 60c; g., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon: names given: special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and bus. medium, read, dally $1; develop-
ing class Thursday, 8 p. m. C12 Eddy st.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst. clairvoyant, card
reaaer;when others fall try me;good reading*
25c. 721 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given: 25c up. 835 Howard. bet 4th&5th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23% 6th; 1. 25c, g. COc.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 5Oc. 851 Mission St., nr. Cth; open Sun.
SPIRITUAL healer: successfully treats all dis-
eases; 2 treatments. > 939 Golden Gate ave.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2G% Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, date
and facts; readings dally. 017 Market at.
ISMAR, the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMA.NN, the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis et.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, sit-
, tings dally. 44S% Jessie St.. bet. Sth and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
\t rays. Ir wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARPET BKATIXO - AND CLEAXIXQ.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal; carpets and rugs are
alto cleaned by compressed air at shop;
prices moderate. ' S. F. Compressed Air
Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.; phones Main
162 and Bush 470.
WHEN you become* disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. : 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT, MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth at., clean-
ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S09 HaT
rlson St.; Al cleaning; 3c. . Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel.Mlssion 2C3.
* COI.MCTJOH OrPICTES^
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. Main 1 65S0.
C-OTHIKG RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st.. room 14;
-¦' phone Drumm 44.' Call for and deliver free.
COTTAGES '¦ TO LET.
$1S— COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath; lot 64x114.
Apply 444 Twenty-seventh? st... near Noe.
CTTBE3 BXTPTTTKE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder, $10; no
¦ discomfort. 120jg Market sto send for circular.
vj \ DENTISTS.
A NEW plate— The^ Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 60; fillings, 60c;
•plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
- warranted. -, Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh
, . — No charge for . extracting when plates are
made; old -plates made over like: new; teeth
¦ from $8 per. Bet; extracting 50c: gas given./.
FREE examination 'with chart at the new
York Dentists. 069 Mission st. ' SE. cor. 6th.'
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set feeth. $1:60 up; crowns. $2 up;fllllngs,25c.:
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentlst.r.l4,lst
- floor, Phelan- bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
aOLD.fllIlnxs.7Bc; silver, S6c; crowns, $2; no
: pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.2<H Suttr.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
i- -_J« • Pages, In wrapper,' for malllns;,' $1 per year. J
\ . EMPLOYBIEXT WA.VTED— MALa_
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
\ and detaller; raining stationary: marine work:
wants position or work at home. Box 607,
• Call office. ,
YOUNG man, experienced In wagon and car-
"rlage material, also heavy hardware, would
like to have a position with a wholesale firm.
\ Box 415. Call.
: A YOUNG man. strong and reliable, experi-
enced in general work about wholesale house,
wishes a position; good references. Box 475.
Call office.
ELDERLY man wants a situation as porter,
janitor watchman, elevator, anything; good
accountant, legible writer, etc Box 709. Call.
A MAN of cbed address locks for a situation
as dishwasher in a home kitchen. Address
GEOjtGE BALSEU. l"tS Commercial st.
BOOKKEEPER whose time Is not fully occu-
pied wants two or three small sets of books
to keep. Eox 7S2. Ca!l L
A GOOD upholsterer and carpet layer will
work by the day or week; phene Folsom 183.
229 Eleventh st.
PARISIAN ycung man, good education, desires
place as second butler; speaks English fairly.
Address box 60S, Call office^
WANTED— For a bey of 17. with considerable
mechanical ability, a position In an electri-
cal shop. Box 608, Call office.
YOUNG man. experienced on the road, would
like position in a mercantile house aa trav-
eler. Box 675, Call.
GOOD blacksmith wants situation as tool-
drester In machine shop, ston* yard cr mine.
Address A. B.. box 643, Call office. -'.TV
HOUSE and window cleaning, lawns. garden-
Ing, any kind of work, by experienced man;
$1 per day. Address H. Williams. 205 2d st.
MIDDLE-AGED handy man wishes position in
. shop, mill or factory: no objections to coun-
try. Box 659. Call office.
| WANTED — By an elderly man. work around a
saloon; understands the buetness; small
wages. Box 412. Call office-
BRIGHT boy of 16. residing with parents,
wishes to work In wholesale house or to
• • learn a good trade. Box 424, Call of floe.
' 'BOOKKEEPER. who operates typewriter,
¦•desires position; bond and references. Box
"7*7. Call office. \
EXPERIENCED coatmaker wants work. Box
980. Call office.
POSITION as errand boy. 1310 McAllister st.
WANTED — Position by first class barkeeper.
Box 103. 1008 Market st.
EXPERIENCED barkeeper wants situation In
summer resort. Box 104, 1003 Market st.
A POSITION wanted as errand boy. Apply
844 B Howard st.
POSITION as floor-walker; references. Box
86, 1008 Market St. - i
Painter, paper-hanger, signwriter. wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom St.; phone Mint 13L
MAN wants situation as porter, city or coun-
try. Address Box 88. 1C0S Market st.
STRONG boy wants situation in butcher shop.
Address box $5, 10O<? Market st.
BOY wishes to run errands or help in store;
age 14 years. 112 Perry* st.
BOY wants position as bellboy. J. R., 906
Market st.
A YOUNG man would like to secure a position
in a wholesale house. Apply 749 Folsom st.
A GERMAN boy wants work of any kind.
Apply 158 Fourth st.
A GOOD painter, paperhanrer and tlnter wants
work: .phonier Church 2358. Box 623. Call.
WANTED — A position as a cleric Box 615,
Call office.
A JANITOR wants relief work in office build-
Ing? Box 750, Call office.
HOTEL clerk wants position in Mexico. Box
750. Call office.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants a position to
do hohseworK and plain cooking In family;
city or country. 1225 Devisadero St., tel.
Scott 648. i ¦., . ¦ . -
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as
housework or porter: speaks English. . M.
OTA. care 627% California st, S. F. \
A JAPANESE boy wants a Job for one or two
hours a day; any work. K. T., 1210B Larkin.
PLATS TO — ET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses 'and flats are llst-
. ed In our free renting department; over 1000
in number; a combined list from all agencies:
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fail: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
f 1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let: an immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Conies Furniture Co.. 245-259
Geary Bt., on the square.
ELEGANT corner flat; large sunny rooms; all
modern conveniences; separate entrances and
vestibule: nut reasonable. Southeast corner
or Oak and Shrader sts.
CENTRAL ave., 71, near Halght-st. — Sunny
up-to-date flat. 6 large rooms and bath:
must be seen to be appreciated: reasonable
to good tenant.
WEST ave.. 6 — Upper 5-room new flat: sepa-
* rate yard; porcelain plumbing; wooden man-
tels; rent only $17 SO; 20 min. from 3d st.;
Mission -st. cars.
NOE. 1054. cor. Elizabeth — 5 sunny" rooms;
new: yard, basement: convenient to Twenty-
fourth and Castro cars; reasonable.
BRODERICK, U3T., nr. Post— $30; 6-room flat,
with 4 nice chambers In attic; new porcelain,
open plumbing; sun every rm. Tel. Scott 4341,
BUSH. 2355, near Piercer-Elegant, new, mod-
ern flat. 7 rcorcs and basement; 2 toilets, gas
and electricity.
WOODWARD, 17. • near Thirteenth and Va-
lencla — Modern, sunny upper flat; 5 rooms,
. bath; rent $22. ¦
ELLIS. 828—2 parlors and kitchen; recently
finished; separate front and rear entrance;
$.-¦0. '
GEARY, 2226— Upper flat six pleasant, sunny
rooms.
LOWER flat of 3 rooms. 1310% Larkin. In-
quire 1320 Larkin st.
BEAVER. 43. near Noe and -Market — Upper
flat of 7 sunny rooms.
CAPP, 1000, near Twenty-fifth— New, sunny, 5
¦ rooms, modern; rent reasonable.
CHENERY, 163, corner— 5 rooms; Just finished;
$22 50.
CHURCH. 1603— Flat. 5 rooms and bath; $18.
COLE. 428. near Page — Elegant 7-r. upper flat;
every room sunny; overlooking G. G. Park.
LYON, 73i, near McAllister— Elegant sunny
upper flat; 6 rooms and bath.
MISSION. 2T>4S — 9 rooms, bath, sink and wash-
room: $27 60.
SHIPLEY, 2K). near Sixth — $15; sunny middle
flat; bath. gaa. nice yard.
STEINER 1926. corner Pine — Sunny, modern
flat 7 rooms, bath; yard: rent $25.
8UTTER, 2715 — 5 rooms; new and modern; $23.
UPPER flat. 5 rooms -and bath: large yard;
.fine view. Apply 47 Chenery at. .
UPPER flats. 6-6 r.. basement, yard. 1454-1458
Sth ave.. Sunset, south G. G. Park; rent reaa.
$12; UPPER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
St.. off ilarkct, near Valencia.
$17 60 MONTH: 5 r. and b. lower flat; strany,
cozy. 1030 Leavenworth st., near California.
FLATS TO LET— KIHXI5UED.
GUERRERO, 1S2— 7 rooms completely furnish-
ed; light and modern; rent very reasonable
to responsible wrty.
BUENA VISTA. 125W Halght— Elegantly fur-
nishc.l 4-room flats; latest Improvements;
8Un alt day * ! •
CAPP. C14 — Desirable 5-room flat; piano, cook
and cas ranze; between 11 and 4.
DIAMOND, 81»— Flat of 3 furnished rooms;
- hot and cold water; $10.
FOR rent: furnished; 5 rooms and bath; elec-
tric light. 1713 Mission st. /
FLATS KOK SALE— KtilCXISHEO.
.. . ..1 . -
S100— FURNISHED flat, 3 rooms; also flat 5
rooass.jm 'BERG- ARMSTRONG CO.. 513
.Kearny, st. ; . ;
FLAT of S rooms for sale; cheap rent. Apply
I- 460 Minna St.. : f ortnoop-. - - . \. *
ATTOR.\EYS-AT»LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for bmall fee.
Ete me and rave money; no niy In advance.
j ;¦¦¦- G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
I retablirtied 22 yrs.; rms. J. 2. 3. 4 & 6.1st n\.
11J2 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advlc* free nil matters. Detectives «mployed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
Clh .floor; entrance room 611; established 20
yvarz: all cases, general court and office prac-
llce; ro fcM !n advance or for consultation;
creoinss by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE f:**; divorce costs $12: no fees or
certs In advance: all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. Sia Market St., r. 31.
DIVORCE— Costs. J12; quick, quiet; advice
tre^; all lur business; no charge unless suc-
cfspful; cien evenings. 027 Market, room 801.
DIVORCE law a rptclalty; nn publicity: advice
free; coMs$12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 2190, S.F.
L. S. CLARK. '.Ci Mirk»t at.; consultation
frre: no fee* |ri advance: open evenings.
POAR.P1SG I'Oll CHILDREN.
A LADY having her own country home would
take one or two children to care for. Address
7 G.. Rural No. 1, San Leandro.
WANTED — Child to board; mother's care;
reasonable. 30 Harriet, at. -
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A— S1600; SALOON In wholesale district: vi-
cinity of Sansome et.: place established 20
years; doing a good business; rent (60. See
R. G. WIT.KTC. 2flH Keearny st.
A— jriGO; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery si., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. 6e» R. G. ,
WILKB. 2014 Kearny st.
A— $C0; BARBER shop: S chairs; beet 'location
in the Mission; rent £13. See R. G. WILKB,
26 H Kearny st^
A $3000 HOTEL In San Rafael; 21 rooms bar
parlcr and dining room; a well established
place; good furniture and a bargain. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2t5H Kearny st.
A GOOD paying as Icon on Clay st.; rent $65;
1 lace it establ. for years; investigate at
or.ee; this is a rare chance; value In sight.
• See H. G. WILKE. MM Kearny st.
A— $700; RESTAURANT opposite Golden Gate
Park; rent $25; good business; clearing about
$160 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 20%
Ke&rny st.
A— $2500; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
ket st.; low rent; good leaee; elegant fix-
tures and a first-class paying business. Call
R. O. WILKE. 28H Kearny at.
A— $250; BOTTLE beer route; well established.
See R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $2750; CORNER ealoon on Market st.. In-
cluding 7 rooms; rent $100; return rents $80;
lease; a first-class location and well estab-
pllfhed place. Eee R. G. WILKB. 26V4 Kear-
ny st.
A— $2000; EOAP factory; a epleiidld and well-
eetabllEhed business; also manufactory of
washing powder: owner will allow buyer to
investigate business for 14 days. Eee R. Q.
WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A — $700; SALOON with long lease in choicest
part of this city; rent $40; a good paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearr.y.
A— $600— CHOPHOl'SE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house: place eetab. years, with steady
and transient customers: owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 2«^
Kearny st.
A— DRUGSTORE — drugstore — drugstore; price
$4500; established 27 years; lease & years;
rent $60; one of the best paying storea in this
city; owner to retire. Call K. G. WILKE.
20 H Kearny at.
A — 1100; CORNER oaloon with 7 rooms on
Bryar.t et. ; rent $50; place curround?d by
factories and warehouses; a good business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2BVJ Kearcy st. '
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
frocd furniture. lease, place paying well. See
R. O. WILKF. irtiH Keorny st.
A — $2500; DAIRY depot and route; daily sales
60 cans: 8 hrrses 4 wagona, etc.; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 18
years; a good-paying Investment. Call R- G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $350; branch bakery and delicatessen
rtore with 4 rooms; rent $25: fine location;
good business. See K. O. W ILK 1 13. £t>tt
Kearny «t.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Etockton cts.; rent $150: lease; place estab-
lished years; firet -class business. Call R. G.
. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. |
A— $900: SALOON, vicinity Taylor & Turk ets. ;
rent $50; this Is a good paying and old es-
tablished business; a worklngman's place:
rare chance. See R. G. WILKB. 26% Kearny.
13000 — GROCERY and bar. on Fourth st.. about
1 block from Market st.; lease; good paying;
established years; sickness only cause of
tale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business; store receipts about $60 per day;
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
cash or trade for property at the actual
value of $6000. Call K. G. WILKE. 2ti%
Kearny et.
FURNITURE store: a enap for right carty;
new and second-hand goods handled: north
Market; $700. DUNN &. CO., 1312 Market.
FINE opening for young man with $200. See
DUNN & CO., 1312 Market st.
DERMATOLOGIST, electrolysis parlors, with
furniture equipment and $200 stock at a bar-
gain; now paying handsomely: reason sick-
ness. See DUNN, 1312 Market St.
FOR tale — One of the best grocery stores In a
city across the bay, not far from San Fran-
cisco; must sell or take a partner, one who
can look after the business. Address for
particulars, box C42, Call office.
A PARTNER wanted who will take a financial
and active interest in an old established
wholesale commission bu«iness: references
exchanged. Box 770, Call office.
$3000 — SHOE store; best In town; fine loca-
tion; excellent trade; receipts $1000 per mo.:
expetise $100 per mo.; health bad; must se'l.
Address box 1194, Call Office, Oakland.
FOR sale — A good business in Tonopah; well
e-.nabllsbed and paying a fine profit; amount
of cash required about $1500. Full particu-
lars box 160. Call office. -\
PARTNER in paying restaurant and 20 fur-
nished rooms; all occupied; lady or gentle-
man who can cook; $400 required. 567
Sixth st.
FINE caloon: prominent traffic street; 5 years'
lease; low rent; living rooms; fixtures, stock,
worth price asked; account sickness. 318
Kearny st.
$2000 SALOON; up-to-date corner; S years'
lease. BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 318
, Kearny st. ¦ \
$58 WILL buy out 2 furnished rooms; gobd lo-
cation for business; including barber chair
and washing machine. 90 Harriet st.
GENERAL merchandise store in country for
eale; complete stock of everything. . Address
for particulars, box 109, Call office.
WANTED — A delicatessen store with estab-
lished trade; state amount of trade and price
asked. Box C92, Call office.
$350 — RELIABLE man can secure interest in
tstab., profitable business; must bs trust-
worthy and willing to work. R. 106,1170 Mkt.
RESTAURANT ¦ and 20 rooms; nicely fur-
nished; nil occupied; to be sold cheap; low
rent. 567 Sixth st.
DELICATESSEN and grocery for sale; every-
thing new; good family trade.: Address box
759, Call office.
OLD established bakery for sale, or will ex-
change for country property; good place for
2 men. Box 925, Call office.
$^V) — PARTNERSHIP established business;
good chance for steady man. Pacific Busi-
ness Association, 1148 Market St.
A— $250; PARTNER wanted in light business.
Particulars at 25 Geary St.", room 5.
FINE dressmaking parlors for sale, complete.
116 Stockton st. . .
WANTED — To buy a coal and feed yard; well
established. Box 194. Call office, . .
WANTED — To buy a small brewing plant or
jutcnslls, kettles, etc. Address box 610. Call.
WANTED — To buy a restaurant for cash.
Box 711. Call office. . ;
WANTED— To buy a good hotel; state locality
and full particulars. Box 738. Call, office.
BOOK etore and news stand for sale in West-
ern "Addition. Box 670, ; Call office.
A SNAP— «-chalr barber shop: cost $1500; goine
East; payments; $760. Sklrm. 6 Eddyst. \
FOR sale — Bakery with large stock; good loca-
tlon and reasonable rent. 715 McAllister st.
$450— SALOON for sale: piano; refrigerator; 3
llilns rooms; uiust sell. 513 Howard at.
$550— PAYING branch bakery and store; living
rooms. Apply 202 Noe st. . . , ,
EALOON license for sale cheap. Call Tuesday.
aOO7»i Market St., room »J..
josrrr a. cprec—e—s. groprfotor.
Kdu££ CujnEinccUcis jo 3E3 KcSAriJHr.jL23S3r
'.V. 3. ilAHTIN Business Manager
TliN DOLLAKS IltWAlUJ.
Notify Tbo Call OtJirr II You »Uss
Your Paper.
If Cot zz.7 cause THE CAT*— 1« not de-
tlrered rerularly to subscriber* pleasa
can V.? -CAXi- EXCTAH8E" and notlrr
Subecrlrtics Clerk ia char**. Yoax com-
ria_.t vr.u receive uronn-t attention.
A. fiaciias rewrard of Tea Dollars
fSlC.O") is oiTorea for tfco arrcat an*
ccarictica cf — ly oa« caught »teaUn«r
X— — C_Z._.
' . TELEPHONE.
Art for THE CALL. The Operator TTUJ Con-
nect Tou With the Department Ton Wl»_
'Publication Office Market and Third. 8. F.
Editorial Eooais 217 tc, 221 Stevenson St.
* t*l!v«r*<J by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per "**>«*• 7i
Ct». Per Mcr.th. Single Copies 8 Cts.
3>nas ty Mall, lnclu^in* Postage tCash wi—
Order): -.
DAILT CALL finelud. Sunday), 1 year $8.«{
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mo* «;<*»
DAILT CALL— By Single Month ••(•
gCXDAT CALL. 1 Tear 2.50
%VEEKLT CALL. 1 Tear 1 -°°
r Daily *S 80 Per Tear Extra
B8S_^^_|g.S.sS
ALL POSTMASTEES ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cacplc Copies will bo forwarded when .re-
• . gut- kted.
Mall e-jbscrlber* m ordering change of ad-
<t*f« chould: b« particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADIjP.KSS '" order to insure a
prompt asd currect compliance with their re-
cuesc
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
TUS Center Street Telephone Nor— 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMVEL \V. WALL Hotel Bartoa
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Artoria Hotel: A. Brentano, 81
CtScn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; FtTth -ave-
bue Hote: and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDB:
Pherman House: P. O. News Co.; Orea*
Northern Hotel: Trexnont House; Auditorium
Uctcl; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNE8S..Mar<juette Building
CLcng Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
XEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune BuUdlng
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
ETFrNEFS OFFICE of the Sa.n Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third Ftreets; open
o=t11 12 o'clock every nlcht In the year.
ERAXCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite FiTtb; opea until
11 p. in '
Kl Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
UCtll 9;20 p. m.
fcCu Hayec street; open until 0:30 p. m.
«3» McAllister etreet ; open nntll 9:00 p. O.
CIS Laikin rtrect: open until 9:30 p. m.
1W1 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. ra.
!2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
t;=t!l a D . m.
toe Eleventh ctreet; rp-n until 9 p. m.
:C0C Valencia street; open until 9 p. ra.
comer Church and Duncan streets;
cr r n until 9 p. m.
Kcrthwett corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Etreet*: open until 9 p. m.
.-oo FUlir.orc etreet: open until 0 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBER^ LEAVTVG TOVTS
FOR THE SUMMER.
CAX.— subscribers contemp— .tlaff a
ciia&jre of residence dnxiajr the summer
nostts can have their caper forwarded
fay ra.a.11 to their new address by not— 'y-
—c TEE CALL Business Offlce. Tills
e&per will also be on sale at all summer
rescrts aad Is represented by a local
agent la all towns on tha coast. .
MEETING \OTICES.
ASTLL'M of Golden Gate Commandery . ?-
So 16, K. T.. C25 Putter et.— Ppe- fiiH
clal >-••,- I. :>• THIS EVENING at 7 fcJ
o'clock, twder of Tcniple. AH fraters \w
are courteously invited. By order of
the commander.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. «
Royal Arch Masons, meets THIS Vv
EVENING. Fifth and sixth degrees.
H. G. PJUNCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and •*>
A. M.. THIS (MONDAY) EVENING >Af
m.1 7:M> o'cioc-k. Third degree. Mas-
•" ter Masons cordially Invited. By
order of the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S lsS.se'Xa. 2C0. F. *
and A. M.. lSTTJ Fillmore t-t— Sec- vy
cxwi decree THIS (MONDAY) EVEN- /^\
ING at 7:30 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
THE Ca!»<!or.iar, Club will hold Its v *u
thirty-eighth anr.ua! BathPrtns; snd Za Qt£)/J
Fames at f.holl Mound Park, MON- xV£5*
DAY May 30. 1904. Renowned x~?*
sthlet«t cf the Pacific Coast, from the East,
also Irom Australia, will compete. Over
$3uO0 ¦n-l'.l r.e distributed in prizes. In ad-
dition a guld medal valued at $250 will be
*»»rdK! to the best player en the bagpipes
of Fcotlieh nation* 1 airs. Highland dancing
< n platform by lads and lassies in costume.
Programmes describing over forty e\-ents
win be distributed In the city; also across
the bay; get one. Full bar.dg for the pa-
vilion*; dancing in the pavilions until 8 p.
in. Vleltors will be accorded a genuine
High— nd wclccrae. Buy round trip tickets
for Fhell Mnund Park. Admission to grounds
— Adulu. 60c; children 25c.
A. M MACPHERSON. Chief.
3. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
SERVIAN Montenegrin L. & B. . v »
Society will ho'.d Us twenty-
fourth sr.r.ua.1 sicnic at Buena PgcrSgn
Vista Park, causalito. Sunday. jt><5^
J;::.* ?. lf«>4. Over < r.» h-:r..ir<i i^V^'fi
valuab!*. arizes vi:i be ry'Ciii'L
t::»u a: :, ;. m. in addition ;o fe>xf th^fi
many cats prizes. First priie
$30, $15. respectively, etc., etc.
AdraiMlcn to j?rk :» cents; children free.
Society will leave on the S>:J5 a. m. boat
m COMMITTEE.
SHE annual meeting of the Btockhoiders of
the Sierra Railway Company of California
wi:1 k_' I<fld Kt tUe offi ces of the company
7»o. 229 Crocker buJMinc, City arr' County
'.' f ~ Eitn *'ranc:nco. S^tate of California, on
MONDAY, thi 8t!i day of February, l«04. at
the hour of II o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
cf electing directors for the ensuing vear
nr.3 ihc transaction o' nuch ether business as
rray come before said meeting. Dated al
:-fcn Francisco. Cal., January 23 1004 S
D. FRESHMAN. Secretary
iiJ**iti2 t *mt a T?y3*t cdjoumei until April
11th, 1SMJ4. at 11 o clock am.
Feb. S, I30«. S. L>. FRESHMAN. Kec>
T!ie above m-etir.r adjourned ,untll JuIt
lllh. WQt. tt 11 o'clock a m . 7
April 11. K'Oi. H. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y. '
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call"
Ifi pas^s, in wrapper, for - calling, tl p tT ytt ' T
AGUNTS WANTED. 7
Vi'E •want a nnmber cf experienced canvassers
at once; liberal contracts made with live men
who can do business. Apply to White Sew-
ing Machine Co., 300 Tost st.
VHY not help pear friends and make extra
w&ges sellir-s investment f hares; dividends
rur> thit year: rnon or .women. Box 018, Call
A.STZTUA -tEMEPT .
A. Di Ncla'c Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
l.v: lOr. 2Sc 50c. 1002 Market. St. Nicholas.
AUTO— •QBU.ES.
ONE of the best makes of automobiles on the
market for tale; late model. Address box
tn. Call effi'-e. Lr\R9B$gBS
AUTOMOBILE for eale; gasoline power;- only
t-eca ur*d 3 months. Box €93. Call office.
FOR wie — A Bteara automobile In flrrt-clats
runr-lng order. Bor 712, Call office,
1700 CADILLAC automebile for tale; rood as
r.tw. iwjx Id. Call office.
SMALL putorKbile for. sole; almost new. Box
i7S-, Call ori.ee.
•PJEnCTK ir.dorctte. C honepower, for sale. Box
:tC. Call o:fi^e.
VA KTED— To buy «n automobile in rood run-
r.it:g rt<\n; tUte tnakc. etc. Sex 876. Call.
A tVEEK'S mwi 5or 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
K ta«cs, in wrapper, tor mailing;. |1 per year.
BUSINESS CHAftCES— Continued.
A— CAMERON * CO. Phone South 1050.
8 Eddy »t., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves: 3<$-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business: 20 acres land goes
with lenae: raisf own hay. vegetables; all
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity In
this J2500: death In family caus<* of ea.e.
CAMERON & CO^
FOR sale— We'.l-furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; all modern conveniences: new, one
yeur; price $2200 complete. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business: cheap rent; 64 -yfan' lease:
one of the best transfer corners In city; do-
ing fine business: other interests cause sale;,
price *50u0. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR «ale. or will trade— « acres inside city
limits; one of best Interior cities In Califor-
nia; house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit: beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house: nrlce $4000. CAMERON A
CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business:
central location; established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account other business.. CAM-
ERON & CO., 8 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools,
etct; full Investigation and trial given; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES mad* In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and buslnees chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddv «t.
FOR sale— Store fixtures, with or without
stock; fine living rooms. 108 Turk St.; phone
Howard 3456..
FINE ' newspaper rout* for sal*. Inquire at
this office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
-ODGlft'G-HOUSUS FOR SALVL .
A. CAMERON & CO., Pnone South 1050.
3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms: chesp rent; 2 years' lease; fln»
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
flrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
fi3 rooms; best downtown transient house In
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $&00
per month; to be bold at a bargain on account
of dei«uture.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment hpuse; sickness; must sell; snap; $600.
128 rooms: cheap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $50u to f600 per month; must i>ell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms: grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheao rent; 10 years' lease; close 1n;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
P<t cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming nouse; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired ;-
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness Interests demand immediate departure.
8 rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $15o down, balance time;
$450.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$7o over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$.1600. •
ISO rooms; grand, i.ew, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per
month; close in; full nice people; bargain if
taken at once; dissolution of partnership.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights : long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine buslnees; will trade for large
apartment bouse and pay cash difference.
14 rooms: rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent: flrst-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 8 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFrN.
40ft Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance,
cor. Third and Market ats.; phone Black 3607;
rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
40 ROOMS. 8 blocks N. of Market St.: rent
$70; 3-year lease; Income per month $300;
owner sick in hospital; price $1500; furnished
1H years; easy terms. MARION GRIFFIN.
24 ROOMS. 1 block of Market; 1 floor; brick
house; rent $80; clears $80; price reduced to
$1100; Vt cash; sickness. MARION GRIF-
FIN. ¦ '
CO-ROOM hotel; corner house; extra low rent;
house full; pays well; owner has lost his
voice and -will have to change climate; price
reduced to $5000. MARION GRIFFIN.
36 ROOMS: new and modern; north of Mar-
ket; all extra large, outside rooms; 19 bay
windows; fine, new furnishings; electric
lights; clears $170 monthly for last 9 months;
lease; price 53500. MARION GRIFFIN.
14 ROOMS, r> blocks N. of Market; clean aa a
pin; well furnished; sunny side; respectable;
$1000; »/4 cash. MARION 'GRIFFIN.
18 ROOMS: a swell house: splendidly fur-
nished; nicely situated, near Ellis and Van
Ness; rent $75; thoroughly respectable; in-
come ?180 monthly; owing to peculiar . cir-
cumstances, almost any offer will be accept-*
ed by MARION GRIFFIN.
8 ROOMS; furnished 2 months; cost $410;
¦ rent $25; 7 rented for $55; will sell for $250;
% cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
":'•. ¦..;¦. ——— •'¦'¦; ?"."•''
85 ROOMS; $3800: reduced from $5000: all men
¦ roomers; rent only $225; well laid out house;
2 floors. MARION GRIFFIN.
103 ROOMS: owlnc to ill-health we are ex-
clusively authorited to sell one of the best
furnished houses In this city; It's dependa-.
bie. high claps, above ». whisper of reproach
and clears $450 mont t; .y. MARION GRIF-
FIN.
16 nOOM8* N. of. Market; $«00; make offer;
rent $32; a snap. MARION GRIFFIN.
48 ROOMS: beautifully furnished: 15-year tease;
electric elevator and electric lights; fine cor-
ner: make offer; clears S222 per month: It's
truly a fine house. MARION GRIFFIN. '
A— $275— LITTLE MINI— $275."-:
Eleven rooms, nicely furnished ; clear* $40
month; must -sell; at. sacrifice. KREDO _
CO.. 763 Market, St. . - T"
THERE APE THOUSANDS WRITING TO SUPPLY YOUP
" KCRMTCBE FOIt SALS.
r ANDERSON Auction House at 19 Turk »t., n
- Market, for furniture and everythias; for tag
* house at lowest prices.
FURNITURE for sale: $75 worth for $7 a
dcwn and $160 per week. BRILLIANT'S,
I 340 Post St.. near PowiU.
' CHEAPEST place in city~for second-hand Jur-
nlttire. 9Srt Oary st. Td. Polk 1177.
• >lKMltKi: \V_-%Vi'_O.
! " abeTlevy!
Salesroom. 1135 Market St. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until ypu get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO.-pay hlgh-st price for fur-
niture.carpets. etc-JtSS^ Mission ; tel. Bus* 413.
A L. STORRS pnys highest .ash prices furni-
ture, carpet*, etc.: tel. Larkin ?.K\\. ft',4 Ella.
" IIELf WASTED-KEMA LE.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn haircJrasaiaf.
manicurins. etc.; trade taught from A to 1
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
- teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— Girl to learn millinery now for spring sea-
ccn; both seasons taught from start to flnlsa
Jn 1 month for $15: posittons aa trimmers.
salesladtes.etc. guaranteed at $10 per wk u?;
oay and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 1J.
A — Ladles, learn all branches halrdresstns;
trade, manicuring, massage, etc; positions
secured at highest wages; day and evening
classes; thorough system. Removed to 103
Powell st.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslns;
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. ; positions
secured at highest wages; day and eve. class-
es; thor. system. Removed to 133 Powell *t.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for ribbon
department; good salary to right party; stat*
references. Box 402, Call office.
A — OPERATORS on ladies' underwear. 63«
Mission st.. third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' walsta. 65« Mis-
sion St.. third floor.
A— OPERATORS wanted on children's woolen
coats. 638 Mission St., third floor.
«
WANTED— Girl to assist with houseworlc
Apply S02 Fulton. St.. near Fillmor-.
WANTED — Experienced young; lady In candy
store. 323 Clement st.. Richmond district.
EXPERIENCED waitress; Vllnner hour. 44S
Ellis st. \^
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m., Wednesday: salary no object.
EXPERIENCED solicitor, either sex, evenr
community; Improved, fast selling staple ar-
ticle: permanent exclusive territory: Bis
future; liberal commission. WARD —
SCHEIDLER. 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED — Bright girl for stock keeping In
the manufacturing department cf I. MAQ-
NIN & CO.. <ac. Mission St., third floor.
"WANTED — 25 girls to stem strawberri»#. Ap-
ply Tuesday morning at 7 o'clock. Pactfl*
Coast Syiup Co.. 713 Sansom* st.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops In August.
Write E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Bat-
tery St., S. T.
FIRST-CLASS operators on ladles' outins;
Jackets and skirts: be»t wages: steady work,
CLABROUGH. GOLCHER A CO.. 24 2d st.
WO1I AN. not too young, and familiar with
bustness methods, for position of trust; no
office work. Box 421, Call.
WANTED — First-class operator. MULRO-
NEY. 110 Geary st.
WASTED — Apprentice for dressmaking; paid
while learning. . 1527 Maeon st.
EXPERIENCED waitresses wasted. 20 3d
st.
YOUNQ girl to assist In light housework; good
home. Call after noon. 221 Ha rtlatt st.
COOK for Park Hotel cafe, Alaai«_; refer-
ences required.
FIRST clacs hand on custom coats. W.. T.
ATTINGER. 48 Ellis st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan — Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tha reception
of advertisements and subscription* has be«a
opened at 1G0S Market St.. opposite Ftft—
Pen nntll 11 p. m.
HELP WASTED — MAI— E
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
F. 1L GUNN. 633 Commercial st.
Phone Main 1131. Near Kearny.
Ship to-day: Santa Fe Company's own work
in California; free fare.
25 laborers, 8 hours' work. California, $69.
Free fare. Call early on this to-day.
40 men to build electric railroad: $2 day;
good board and free fare, come and go.
10 laborers, only 15c fare. $2 day.
Sawmills, north by rail — 20 men for logsins;
railroad. $60; 5 Scandinavian lumber pliers.
$2 50 day; 4 loggers. $Tlf» month; screw turn-
er. $55 ami found; wood turner, $4, ?ee> ho-is
here; sash and door men, good wages; 2f»
boys and young; men. box factory, $24 and
found; 3 ynnnK men to learn sash ami door
trade, $1 50 up: man and wife. $30: blark-
smith, $.'1 50; 5 wocxlchoppers. 4 ft. pine. SI 23
cord. Lots of other jobs. Call and see us.
AT CONTRACTORS* AGENCY.
05 Third st. Telephone Main 5321.
Teamsters, city, $1 50 and board.
Foreman, pipe line, south. $3 2r>.
Hammermen, tunnel, $2 5<\ $2 75; free fars.
Laborers, $2. 8 hours, fare 10c. ¦•¦ v
Laborers, north. $2 25: a year's work. .
Laborers and teamsters. $2. free faro.
Laborers for quarry. $2. fare $1 — V
Laborers for pipe line, south. $2 25.
. Good plumber. $3 50. fare 50c.
Ranch hands, north. $1 .'¦¦> and found.
Cabinet-makers and bench hands. $¦': 50.
Sticker hand. $4. a steady Job.
Jlen to cut 4-foot pine, $t 50 cord.
Woodchoppessp. shlns'e bolts, $1 SO cord.
Teamsters and laborers, Nevada, »2 23 and 92.
1IORD & SMITH.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AOK.VCY.
602 CLAY ST. PHONE JAMES 24T4.
2 carpenters, near city. $3 N> day. ¦¦ v» . -.-
Carriage painter, country, $-1 r.o day.
6 laborers, steam shovel. $2 25 day.
2 hay hands and harvest. $1 50 day and.bd.
Sticker hand, $4 day.
Oth»r work on our bulletin boards.
002 CLAY ST. fiO2 CLAT ST.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU*
€42 Commercial st.. near Kearny.
2 carpenters and do some calking, dr**ds"r
company's own wnrk, good wages; ft bnrsv
factory, learn trade. ftn«» place to ndvanc*.
FREE FARE. 8 HOURS. HERE U R.
10 laborers, all summer's job. $2.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton St.— Man to
milk two cows, tend to horses and garden
and do chcres; J.1O and found: nri-t be rttt-
z»a of the U. S. ; porter family hotel, $23.
Closes noon Decoration Day.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12- ¦
' Waiter for resort,' $C0; porter, $20; second
cook, $70.
WANTED for U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 35;
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and write English. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. Rialto building.
New Montgomery st.. San Francisco, or Iu29
Second St., Sacramento. Cal.
\ _____
BOTS wanted, lit Clay st.
YOUNG salesman wanted for city. Address
box 401, Call office.
t . • " • ¦ - —
GOOD barber wanted at 515 Hayes st.
PORTER: assist bar: young North German;
$30-$40 found; refs. Box 4<U. Call office.
BOY wanted to learn plumbing trade at 31 V4
Ninth st. ,
BEER tapper; German preferred. 1053 Mar-
ket it.
A PROFITABLE outing: pick hops In August.
"Write E. CLEMENS HORST CO., 122 Bat-
etry St.. S. F. *
FOIt sale — Barber shop. 2 chairs/. In, lively
country town: rent $10; clears $20 per week.
Box STM. Call. - *
SOLICITOR and salesman at once. Mutual
Investment Co.. 467 Parrott bldg.
GOOD carriage painters. Apply O'BRIEN &
SON.. Polk at. and Golden Gate ave.
BARBER wanted at Crocker . building, third
floor.
PORTER at 20 Taylor st. ,'_
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country. *
Apply REISS BROS. -A CO.. 24 Sutter st.
SOBER German, steady, refs.. handy :%nd bar
wine house; married preferred. Box 90S Call.
BARBER «hop for sate on account at ota*3
>•¦ business. Apply, 1835 Mission at. «.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 30, 1904.
9
REAL ESTATE Country— For Sat*. \
6227 ACRES, Merced River. Merced County.
Cal., appraised by court at $71,000, assessed
by County Assessor at $40,000, offered for
$50,000; 1 to 4 years' time. 6 per cent; 90O
acres level grain, fruit and alfalfa land; 4327
acres rolling, grazing and grain land; Mer-
ced River passes through land; 900 acres can
be Irrigated, water free: no royalties: Im-
provements good; school one mile, church
and town three miles; on direct road to Yo-
semlte; must be sold to close estate; a bar-
gain; the profits from these lands made the
'former owner rich; fine rains, everything
green and growing now. See maps and pho-
tos at Punnett Bros.', San Francisco. Address
J. W. KNOX. Attorney-at-Law, Merced. Cal.
$2100. OR half $1200— For sale. 126 acre* on
the Uagaa. with the crop estimated at 10
tons grapes. 10 or 12 ton* hay; .1 acres corn.
.2 acres vegetables and alfalfa; 2 houses and
' outbuildings; 2 horses, cow: road wagon;
Ideal Incubator: 2 brooders; lots of wood,
water ¦ and fishing. For particulars address
W. SHELVOCK, Llagas, Santa Clara Co., Cal
GREAT bargain — Rich. Irrigated farms; big
canal; free water right: very cheap: easy
terms; homeseeker's opportunity. C M.
WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market st
SOUTHERN Oregon Irrigated lands, dairy
farms, stock, ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land, mlnea. S. C. TRATNER 604 Kearny.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT at Stege. on Santa Fe
and electric roads; land $300 per acre; lots
50x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings $400 per. acre; monthly payments;
send for maps, etc. Halght, 401 Cal. st., 8. F.
FOUR choice lots cheap for cash. Apply 328
Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
HEAL UST.vri: TO EXCHANGE!.
INCOME property In Ban Francisco to ex-
change for good lots In Oakland or Berke-
ley. P. C. LASSEN 4b CO.. 466 Tenth st.
Oakland. Cal.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATB.
TAKE a delightful trip to-day— Go to Mill
Valley; see the lots right at the station we
are selling so fast.
PRICES. $350 TO $950 EACH.
Terms 10 per cent cash; balance $10 monthly.
All the lots are large; none tesa than 50x120;
grand home sites amid pleasant surroundings;
beautiful views of mountains and bay; the cli-
mate unequaled; splendid opportunity for an
investment; land values bound to Increase, as
Mill Valley Is rapidly coming; to the front;
the new electric road has shortened the time
to 40 minutes from the city; Mill Valley ha»
all the conveniences of a city; fine supply of
pure mountain water, good ' sewerage and
drainage, electric lights, stores, churches and
schools, and. In fact, all conveniences; lots
beautifully wooded; send for our new Illus-
trated book descriptive of Mill Valley. Agents
on ground Sunday. We have- an office, open
Sundays and holidays. LYON tk HOAG.
118 Montgomery st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
_ _ AJLAMKPA RgAL ESTATB.
HAMMOND A HAMMOND.
$1600— Swell 4-room cotUg«; lot 23x150; this
Is a decided bargain.
$2500— Almost new, modern 6-room colonial
cottage; lot 60x108; this Is a rare bargain.
$4500 — On Clinton ave.: beautiful 9-room
modern residence; look this up.
$8500 — On NW cor. of Lafayette and San
Jose aves.; artistic home of 13 rooms ; this Is
being sold to close up an estate and the pur-
chaser Is getting something decidedly cheap*.
HEADQUARTERS FOR FURNISHED
HOUSES.
OFFICE OPEN TO-DAT.
HAMMOND &' HAMMOND.
The Leading and Reliable Real Estate Agents,
1422 Park st.
A SACRIFICE — For sale — House- of B rooms;
well built for owner to live In; lot S7:flx
137:0; cost aNjut $3500; will be sold for
$2000; terms to suit; a bargain. See J. F.
CROSETT. 334 Sutter st. .
1300 — LOT 30x155; terms; $2550; good house.
of 7 rooms: lot 60x150. J. H. YOUNG, 1243
Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S f M*NT3
BERKELET REAL ESTATB.
BERKELET BUSINESS PROPERTT as an
investment Is equal to anything on the
coast. There Is money to be made by buy-
¦ Ing that class of property — five local trains
every hour from Berkeley station to San
Francisco.
Berkeley is a village no more — It Is the
center of California for many things.
BERKELEY IS CALIFORNIA.
SOME GOOD BUYS.
A thoroughly well-built two-story brick build-
ing.'' a NW corner. 6 stores below and flats
above, paying well.
A fine corner on Shattuck are., Ttry promi-
nently located; vacant; there's money In It
A stone and brick warehouse, fitted with com-
partments, elevator etc.. In a business center;
leased for five years.
A business block on Telegraph ave., 3 stores
and flats above with vacant corner adjoin-
ing for flats; a choice proposition.
JOS. J. MASON.
Cor. Center and Shattuck, Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
REMOVAL REMOVAL
THB ALDEN COMPANY. REAL ESTATB.
HAS REMOVED FROM 111S BROADWAY
TO 12S3 BROADWAY.
A SEVEN-ROOM house; good location; large
lot. with trees, flowers, chicken bouses; all
street work done; only $2250.
P. C. LASSEN, 466 Tenth st. Oakland. Cal.
$4000— GOOD residence: 069 Fifth ave., Oak-
land: 2 blocks from station. See J. L.
KENNEDY. 417 Parratt building. 8. F. 1
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR rent— Furnished; $37 DO; lovely cottage, 6
rooms: piano; large lot, flowers, etc.; close
In; 3 to 6 months. HARRY I* HOLCOMB.
'314 San Pablo ave., Oakland. Cal.
FURNISHED cottage, 7 rooms, large yard,
barn; % hour from city. 90S 69th st, via
Berkeley; $30 with piano and |26 without
FURNISHED rooms, with or without board;
centrally located. Apply 615 Eighteenth at,
Oakland. - r
OAKXAftD : ryi»Jf ITTJKg FOR » ALja -
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In rural-
ture. H. Schellhaas.llth st.,cor.store.Onkland.
San Francisco Advertisemjts.
ROOMS FOtt HOtSEKEBPim^^
BRYANT 421— One single room suitable for
lady going out to business; gas.
BRYANT, 421— Two «unny rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; gas. ¦
CHURCH. 1531. near Twenty-seventh — Fine
' sunny 4 rooms, bath and trays; near 2 cars;
healthy location; partly • furnished If neces-
sary. .
ELLIS, 116S— Sunny alcove suite for house-
keeping; bath, phone, laundry, etc.; sunny
bedroom suite for 2 or more gentlemen; reas.
FILLMORB. 815. cor. Fell — Overlooking entire
- city and bay; finest suite In town; more room
-If desirable; modern; sunny; just completed;
' reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., C27 — 2 nlc« sunny fur-
. nlshed front rooms for housekeeping; rent
reasonable. ,
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1529, near Scott— Floor
of 3 or 4 rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
HOWARD. 1136— Newly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; also single rooms.
JACKSON. 1616 — Eunny front rooms, com-
plete for hskpc; rtfi. phoa» Polk 1ST 5. >
woxnv TO ,. r P.V??~~ ContlnT « <?<I ;
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, llutual.Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, 1103% Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy methods— To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
i life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
ALL loan* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. C)Hateral Loan Bark. 63S Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
1% P e r cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVINO. 616 HearstJ>ld 1 j_Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
, lndorser. MORELL.' 6C9 Examiner building.
MISICAL l.\8THU>tK.\TS.
aTlTTpRIGHTS: ~~~-
Neubert, new $250. now $60.
Fischer, new UJ25, now $85.
Hertz new $3C0, now $C7.
Rjesejl new $3S5, now $135.
Colby new 5425, now $1SO. • .
2 Chlckerings. new $150, now $100, $135.
2 Stein ways, new $575, $750; now $163, $325.
Heine, new $075 now $333,
and 50 others. Several squares .at bargain
prices. Call and «xamlne them. Rents $2 up.
Installments $4 up. Old pianos or organs taken
In exchange. Tuning $2, finest workmanship.
HEINE PIANO CO.,
235-237 Geary st.. Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
A NICE Email upright; good order $10
One a little better, for practice $50
One Kranlch & Bach, condition fine $100'
One Belmont: mahORany case; a snap... $147
One Little Jewel; used three months $150
One Sterling; walnut case'; good order.. $155
One Matbushek; fine order; rose wood.. $1U5
Also one Chickerinsr. 2 Vose. 2 Stelnways. 2
Stecks, 1 Knabe; all In first-class condition;
easy pay's. BenJ. Curtaz & Son, 16 O'Farrell.
A. SENSATIONAL fire— Storage pianos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
end. burned it not sold In a few days; this
means storage planes and furniture almost
cheaper than fire wood, and must be re-
moved. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and be«t stock in San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes st.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos.
$25; uprights, $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post st. '
WILL sell for storage, fine Hazelton and Vose
pianos. STATHAM'S. 110 McAllister St.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclltan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 808-312 Post st.
A BEAUTIFUL Stelnway upright grand, as
good as new; cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
$165— STEINWAY upright: private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCUM ITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister St.
8-PEDAL Stelnway up; Checkering baby grand;
EhontngtT. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
OFFICE!* AM> STOKKS TO LET.
FOLSOM. &'U — Large, light, airy store; 3
rooms and yard; will give lease.
s FEHSONAL9.
A LONG STORY, MADE SHORT— A wrinkled
face porltlvely restored to Its former contour;
plmpie, harmless, scientific method shown on
tha living face; permanency guaranteed. Call
. or write for book, "Hints on Beauty," free.
M. ELLA HARRIS. 781 O'Farrell St.
A NEW METHOD — Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method; magnetic
massage by appointed graduate, old school;
strictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSEH,
«37 Bush St.. apt. 300; phone Front 87.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 13-18 Polk
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood <arfectlng
fkln. mouth, bones, etc), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Arply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness drains, varlcocele,
etc.; easily worn: $2 50 postpaid: physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary.S.F.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write, DR.
O. 8. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS, 1127 Market St.
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A: moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
Actina restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color; $1. at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
BUSINESS PEBSONAXS. ~
FRECKLES removed by Comb's lotion: manu-
facturer. 624 Thirty-first St., Oakland; drug-
glsts sell It. ¦ '
~~ ~~ PALM18TR Y.
A — MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 460 Geary st. ; phone Green 39.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. BIB
Taylor St., near Geary. Phone Black 661.
PAIIT.NEUS WANTED.
WANTED — Partner for old-established busi-
ness. 025 Sansome st.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. C Hobart bldg.. 632 Market st.
PUVSICIAKS AND SUnUEON.t,
DR. C~C~O'DONNELL— Office and residency
1021 H Market st.." bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
PR. BALL. 1073H Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all dlsccses of the human body; for
psst four years at 116-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 067 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DRl TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
.Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and t;as. 727 Washington st
WONG .WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dls-
«ase.s cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 'Clay st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
YOU want to rent a sewing machli.*? Why
not Kt t the best at $2 per month from The
White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Post st. All
styles In cither vibrator or rotary shuttle
styles; prompt service. Telephone Black 1108/
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
- price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tlo office. 1021 Markat rt... near Sixth
NEW HOME— See our new triple-reed ma-
chlnes; slightly used; $10. $15. $20; second-
hand, $3, $5. $8: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sowing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
STORACIS AND WAREHOUSES.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel.South 730.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved. . shipped. 729-
* 731 Howard st, nr. Third; phone . Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage- & Moving Co.; of.'
flee/Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Priv. Kx. 871."
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
. disc, j S53 Golden Gate ave.; phone. East 120,
GOLDEN West Storage; advances - made. 840
Mirslon st. ; tel.' Howard fMl. F. Vf. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furnltutw Moving Com-
> pany. 2320 Flllmore et; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
. it. ; tel. Main . 1840. . Shipping at cut rates.
CATARRH^ DEAFNESS^nd NOISES In EARS
1 positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
' ment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter st -
MEDICAL— Contlnncd.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises. Is permanently, located at 511A
Lesvenworth St., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' irregularities cured; IS years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
LADIES — Kumround: safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Glpason-RuiiBles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2903 Folsom, St., corner
26th; Isdles. relief or no fee: $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1129 Market.
YOU can cbtsln relief; women only. DR. R.
H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st. ¦
MATBIMO HIAI..
GENTLEMAN of means and good business,
temperate and refined, wishes to fcrm the ac-
quaintance of young lady under 21. with
view to matrimony If suited; this ad is from
a ttrlctly honorable young man and none but
respectable lady would Interest writer; give
full particulars to first letter. Box 703, Call.
MISCRLLAXEOH— FOB ft ALB.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN.
TOSH &. WOLPMAN, 105-197 Fremont St..
FOR sale, cheap— Bar fixtures, consisting of
sideboard with complete? fittings: especially
suitable for club or hotel use; solid oak, old
English finish; also one National cash reg-
ister, nearly new. Apply to A. L. FOSTER,
2<n Geary st.
STANDARD oil rig. fully equipped, and 1500
feet of casing, 11% In. to 7% In.; also 1500
feet of 8 and C Inch drive pipe. Apply for
particulars GAFFEY & MAHON. 505 Cali-
fornia st.
DOES TOUR ROOF~LEAiF?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting cr coating; good over old
Iron, tin cr shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
reoted and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— FINE suit*. $7 50; dress paints. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny et..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
eults to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
rmall weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St.,
upstairs.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks In the one and preserve the
' new. 2t>5 Front Et.; tel Main 1428.
ALTERATION rale— Best $2 50 hats, $1 SO.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St., near
Pine: open to Op. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
StXOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dla-
monds bought; send postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Office, 617 Washington st.
DIAMOND ring over 3^ karats without blem-
ish. $30O; value $500; no dealers. Address
owner, box 774, Call.
MUSCOVY ducks, bantams and eggs for hatch-
ing; Angora, rabbits. 2765 Howard st.
COLLIE puppies, full pedigree; ten weeks' old.
3440 Clay st.; phone West 408. ,
FOR sale— Elegant CO-llght electric bath cab-
inet; reasonable. Electric Works, - 227 Ellis.
FOR sale — Phonoeraoh; cost $12u; make an
offer. Box 170, Call office.
FOR sale — A fine St. Bernard dog; registered.
Box 1«2. Call office. *
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO..35 Mkt. Tel. Bush 853.
PIGEONS — All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON. yOf flee 229 .- Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vols. KING'S. 61 McAllister St.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Baclgalupl,
moved to 7S0 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND safes. $55; 60-lnch desk, $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. 816 Market St.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16»16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN, 803 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and rarh registers, new and second-
hani. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-band gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p., cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE I1ER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING plctjres. magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post Et.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. ¦ .
GASOLINE engines, auto»--bllps and launches:
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
WAXTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, ' sealskins, > dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and
gents' castoff clothing; postal. 943 Foleom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 825; 680 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jersle 2831.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 782 Mission; phone Bush 467.
EHOES wanted; misfit tc castofl; highest prcs.:
new * Sil-hand *h»e« for sale. 749 Ml««lnn.
SIOMSY TO LOAK.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
001-602-003 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. '
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
INTEREST 6% AND 6 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY, OAKLAND,
TOWN AND COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided Interests in real estate, property in
trust; loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY,
107-8-9-11 CnOCKER BUILDING,
PO8T AND MARKET 8TKEETS.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3rd
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rats of Interest.
Give full particulars
cf property or chattel!.
Location, etc. - V '
Box 408. Call office. .
LOWEST BANK RATE.
Any amount; first and second mortgages),
estates In probate, undivided Interest In
estates, assignments of rents, etc, at lowest
rate of Interest.
RIVER3 BROS.. 205 Montgomery at.
SALARY LOANS— ~ !
Money ioaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge, of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment-
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.*
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., 68 Donohoe bldg., U70 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent . Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store
840 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 10 Third!
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry sealskins
-and valuables: our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses. ¦ without
security; <*asy payments; . large business In
40 principal cities. Tolman; 663 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484. - *
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission: Installments accepted.
BOKELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission;. no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery sty rm. 7.
MONEY to loan «m low Interest; gold, silver,
: diamonds/ pearls and precious i stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth «t-
HEM' ;_WA>TEn— MALE— Contlnned.
WANTED— Three first-class carriage black-
smiths and three first-claes body makers:
good nragps and steady employment to right
parties. Apply A. MEISTER 4 SONS CO..
Parranicnto. Cal.
BAItBER shop; 3 chairs, bath and bootblack
Ha:sd; also household effects; good business;
In lively raining town; cheap rent; snap.
Box 3. Placervllle. Cal.
MEN and ! women wanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Western College of
Barber*. 047 Ccmmerclal at.
TRY our men's shecs. union made, at $1 and-
$1 50 pair; foot-form sho»s at $2 50; we psy
* x V ne * or mal1 charges. 11 3d st..Exam. bid.
Tension Atty.. E. A. Bullls. r.40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. Jf. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
FINE 3-chalr barber shop; doinir good burl-
nets; crntra'.ly located. Box 033, Call office.
SAILORS end ordinary seamen for all parts of
_the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart Bt.
WINCHESTER Hoter 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket — "no rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
of advertlsoment* and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, *Tib«erlptions received at
Coll branch of flce.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL Flies men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
pric*. .'.or; Mlcrlon st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your Fhoeg half-solM while waiting; 23o
to .W. 5C3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOUSl> AJfP WACOM
I' KENTUCKY OAITED SADDLE HORSES.
BsYtral fire saddle hordes from the Ameri-
can Saddle Hf»rse Breeding Farm of Snn
, D!ego are now on exhibition and for sale at
i th» »tab!es cf the S«n Francisco R'.ding Club,
5 Seventh ave. aad C et., Richmond.
LOOK out for the big auction sale of 165 head
cf <-hoice young horses and mares on Tuesday,
May 31, at 11 e"eloek, st J. B. Koran's sale-
yaro>. coiner Tenth and Bry&nt sts. S.
WATKINS. Auctioneer.
FOR «Ue---I'acing mare, $175; 7 years old, very
fstt; gentle In every respect; safe for wo-
man to drive; will go double. For particu-
lars aflJreos box 960. Call.
AUCTION ?ale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
on? furrejs, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folrom st. ,
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
F'tsion begins June 6 Catalogs by applying to
IlR. K. J. CP.EELEY, 510 Golden Gate ave.
SADDLE pony for boy; will drive also. At
L«!pslr ranch, 12-Mlle House, take San Ma-
teo electric cars.
NICE young black roadster: piano-box buggy,
steel tires and harness; $200. 460 Guerrero
St. Phone Mission 327.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round: near Hlack Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S. F.
TEN fine camping wagons, surreys and rubber-
tire buggies; new and old; cheap. 1504 Fol-
eom ft.
FOR sal*^ — Two second-hand platform spring
wagons and one truck. 233 Beale «t.
SECOND-HAND camping wagon. 843 Howard
' street. ,
WANTED — To buy a light buggy in good run-
ning order. Box 3769. Call office.
A PORREL horse for sale; broke. Mngle. Box
leg. Call office.
BAY mare for sale; a good stylish driver; gen-
tle; 6 years old. Box 100, Call office.
POR sale — A bay horse sound and gentle, 5
years old. Box €03. Call office.
HORSE, 'dark brown, stylish and sound, 7
years old for sale. Box 703, Call office..
WANTED— A saddle horse for lady to ride.
Box CS6. Call office.
FIRST class 2d hand express wagon with top.
Inquire X. BULLERDIECK. 1654 Mission.
COUPE — Almost new; also 16*4 sound sorrel
h-irre; separate; reasonable. '314 Scott st.
WANTED — A good workhorse; cheap. 67 Ryan
avenue.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, - at
1615 Market St.. opp. Franklin.
LIGHT surrey; good order; cheap. 2955 Sacra-
mento Et.
HORSES of all grades bought, sold and ex-
changeq. H. ATKINSON. C5 Hermann at.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, lfl pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery.
CAPP, 778 — Modern sunny house of 8 rooms
and basement; a large yard, lawn and f 3W-
ers; must be seen to be appreciated.
¦COZY residence, 1018 Post, Larkin, Polk; 11 r..
bath, garden; rear en.; cars pass; call 12 to 1
7-ROOM house; every room sunny. 2620 Fol-
som st.
HO.SKS TO MCT — rPHXl»HEP.
FURNISHED flat, 5 rooms; reasonable; bath;
$18; no dealers. 3'^ Verona pi., off 3d.
HOUSES TO LET SUBURDAX. .
AT Ben Lomond; from July 1; two furnished
cottages of 3 and 4 rooms; electric lights.
Address A. BJOLSTAD. 130 Sansome, S. F.
HOUSES WAITtED.
RESPONSIBLE party wishes to take charge of
residence while owner Is away. 011 Bush st.
ItfVESTMEVTS.
GOOD Investment — A limited number of shares
at 25c per share; this stock will be worth
one dollar ($1) per share witmn a year; call
or write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Croealey building. S. F.
tAUWCHES FOB 2XBB.
C. A, McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
rt.; for pleasure and business; tel Bush 634.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co.,Unlon-st. wharf; boat-
Ing & excursions. 5 Steuart St.: trl.John 2'JSO.
LOST AM) VOVXU.
LOST — Wednesday afternoon at Key route
depot or on way to Berkeley, a lady's gold
watch; old-fashioned case, key winder. Re-
j turn to MAUVAI3" Music Store, 833 Mar-
' ket *t., and tret reward.
LOST— A lady's open-faced gold watch; mono-
gram P. S. S. on back; fleur de Us pin.
FJntler will receive liberal reward by return-
Ing to 1221.. Buchanan St., near Turk.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
•r.d Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of NELLIE F, COOK; No. 199-1424.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — At entrance to Mlsslon-st. wharf, a
email telescope bag containing child's cloth-
Ing. Return to 127 Eddy at. ¦ ¦
LOST— At the Columbia Theater, Saturday,
. two pair of opera glasses In hand bag. Lib-
eral reward If returned, 2510 Sacramento st.
STRAYED— 2 black and white heifers; re-
ward. Peralta Dairy, Hopkins st., Berke-
ley. - ¦
LOST— Brown water spaniel. If found return
to 204 Dolores St.; reward.
LOST— A gold-link bracelet, set with Irregular
pearls; liberal reward. Cashier. 208 t Sansome.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
; from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
crblt&nt fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
wale disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
.02 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DU. .WYETIL specialist for alt female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant' relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS.. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
msle troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008 y, Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-,
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
advice free. .Office. 1018 Market at.
Dr*. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness-Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MnS. D. ALLEN. 1115 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low feet.
• AT THE 'CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
11 Thiru et.. near Call bldg.: r^one BuEh 405.
THK STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
V. «i. GOVERNMENT WOKK.
• 20 teamsters. $07 00 a month.
15 lstor?rs, $60 a month,
lw drillers, rockmen. hamraerrmen, $75.
• . GOLD MINE.
* Finale ind dc>ub!e hand miners. $3 day.
Mine- biackimilh, $3 day.
10 laborers; $ hours; fi^e fare, $60.
Tjucnr I foreman. H. R-. $100 a month and ti.
SAWMILL CREW.
nigc-rman $3 25 day and found.
». tal<creri>. mlil. S-!5 to $40 and found.
Laborer, olty. *2 25 «i day.
. ik-rew turntr, JM and l»oard.
SoocnJ trimmer. f*0 and l»oflrd.
Board ru!!". f-i.'i ard hoard.
ft •¦¦ u> i. ¦ ;i:. <*..-. pawmill. $35 and found.
• .10 lumber pllrr«. $:15 to $40 and found.
" Weod turner. $3 t*t day.
4. ' '-> teamsters. 51 frft n day aad board.
t*ock. -hotel, r.ear city. $40 and found.
• Baker's helper, city, $40 knd found.
WOODS CREW.
. 2 barker?. $43 and bo&rd.
2 »•••<<«! teamsters, $05 a month,
ft »<~-<Jrhoj>trs. rlne. 4 feet, $1 25 cord.
• S orchard »nd vineyard hands, Sonoma Coun-
»V. f2t- and board.
:. ftttsfc *n4 doer makers. $2 to ft day.
hands. $3 T<Q day.
:: n-.;i:m«?n. K m $4 day. J
* rs'iory ir»n. steady Jcb, $2 a day.
V.» hclirr ir.tker*. $3 to $4. hoard ana lodging;
*:p«<!y Jcl) guaranteed; free fare.
• J.nifa to driv<» buggies. $2 25 d«y.
•'! !f»mster* city $J .'.0 a dsy.
. ' CAL. EMP: AGENCY. 14 Third St.
»A~M! P.KAY it HEADY, tiS* and 636 Clay st.
•<>-i,<V:;:jr Employment and Labor Agents.
1963 TPe Cars 1904 We Hope to
cj.u* Mm Work, Incrrnse 00.000.
MIONE MAIN 53»S.
WK SPEAK
SPANISH . SWISS FRENCH
GERMAN CREEK ITALIAN
\>»r Fare Frre\ Look— Free Fare.
TSi "STATE OF KXVADA.
.. " yoa flay tour mOBUM. THATS ALL.
U. 6. GOVERNMENT WOKK.
"C5 tw-o-horse t«amsters. $»-*.
• 2r*> laborers, you'll suit, $bu.
' Oi drillers, ruckmfn. hamir.«-rsmen, $75
r;jfht hiurs" work dally, hundred? going.
header mpr., $75.
"14 laburer*. mix cunciete, $73.
GREAT LUMBER TRUST.
' S<5 lahcrers. it's up to you. $60.
„ 35 S*-d"«. Norwegians, Danes. $35 found.
, 1<> laborers, good job. $45 round.
MINES.
15 jpachise dnJlcr*. $30.
. 16 «:nglc and double hand drillers. $S2 50,$75.
TfcIA MHT E.RS— LA BOREItS.
'..I* Uberer*. fare 30c. $60.
• .12 :»-;.;.¦ teamsters, city, $67 60.
14 tingle and double hand <Jrillen=.clty.$67 60.
35 scraper ttamiacrs. tare i5c, $67 SO.
' ' i.'* ranch teamsters, everywhere. $30. $40 fd.
Tfaintter, haul freight mountains. 2 horses
$50.
MILKERS— CHOREMEN.
«"£ n»iiker«. butter and cheese makers, $30 to
f 10 .leund.
" 26 tfcerexnen and boys. $30. $15 found.
' S'theepberdtrs. (are $1 60, $30 found.
Chicken man. ship eggs, fare $1 25. $30 fd.
• Oardj?ner. lumber company, boss here, $40.
- CONVEYANCE DRIVERS. CITY.
1U> men, you can drive a riK, $60.
Conveyance drivers — That's you, $1 fee.
• . * . J^C CALIFORNIA— S HOURS.
• laborers, free tare. $C0.
$1 FEE— STEADY JOB— $1 FEB.
. CITY— STABLEMEN— COUNTRY.
SS hustlers and trood all-round hands. $75.
MK>. >.*i $40. $05 and found, good jobs for
steady men.
: • COMMERCIAL SYNDICATE.
V-" nji-r. no knowledge necessary $60.
"Tee $1— Nothing More — $1 Fee.
CALIFORNIA'S HARVEST.
.' !'J6 hay and harvest hands, $1 5u to %2 50 fd.
ALL OVER THE STATE.
GOt)D VINEYARD FARM HANDS.
• M good steady places $2(i, !¦;", $32 50 and fd.
GET A PERMANENT JOB NOW.
.. ' MARRIED.
• * '--' irr.;f-r and wife, fare $1 25, boss here, $50
»> $U and found.
Farmer and wife, fare $1 75, boss here. $40
_tr,» fa>nd.
• "Farmer and wife, fare $3, Monterey, $15 fd.
TRADESMEN.'
. 12 carpenters, fare 50c, $3 60 day.
• . Foreman carpenter, fare $1, $4 day.
i lathers, city. $2 50 per M.
1 .-a--', and door hands, lumber company, $3
ij SJ SO 'tiny.
' i-..k.».-:;;:ir,. lumber co., boss here, ItfO found.
15 blacksmiths, different places, $3, $3 50 day.
1 ta.-'-n.ir. molder, iron worker, $4 to $! day.
2» painters, paperh&r.gers. city, $3 day.
Tinsmith, factory, fare 10c. $3 day.
. • carriage painters, $12 to $15 week.
BO1LF.RMAKERS.
19 !•„:¦< rrr.ak.-rs. $3 50 to (4 day.
Time and half overtime, free fare, steady Job
Weavers on blankets.
Machinist roller grinder, fare 60c.
Kdgerman, L. Co., boss here. $50 found.
- brick loaders, country, 25c M.
Screw turners, edgerman, hook tenders.
• Logger, underctaiids rigging, L. Co., $60 fd.
* 12 ehingle packers, cutcS sawyer.
Molder and sticker hand.
Carriage painter and sticker hand, $4 day.
Wheelwright. 5Oc fare, steady Job, J50 fd.
Painter, carriage works, fare $1, $&O fd.
V.'heeln-rtgbt. wheel machine, fare $1. $3.
• 12 coopers, slack work. csJl very early.
2 cornice men, edgermen. $45 fd.
•crew turner. $75; furnace laborer, $40 fd.
Bench i.ar.d. planing mill, fare $1, $3 day.
, WOODCHOPPERS.
196 woodchopjiers, everywhere In the State.
¦ Logger. Dolbeer logging donkey, $75 found.
• ' HOTELS.
15 butchers, different places. $50 to $40 fd.
15 cooks, different places. $60 to $25 fd.
12 waiters, different places. $40 to $30 fd.
16 dishwashers, different places, job $30 to
$20 fd.
Second cook, $43. * 3 bellboys.
LAUNDRY.
1« laundrymen, good places, different Jobs,
$60. f75.
Roustabout, springs, $30.
' Vegetable gardener. $30 fd.
BAKERS.
3 third hands. 2 second hands. 3 helpers.
Best places at MURRAY tc READY.
Highest wages^ 634-C36 Clay st.
TALL thin man.
Very short fat man.
* To walk the streets In advertising costume.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
"l.AUNDRYMAJC. Institution, city. $30 and fa.
A carpenter and blacksmith, ranch. $45 fd.
German porter and bartencer. city saloon.
• Cook Lake County hotel. $35 and found.
C cros«cut sam-yer*. Sonoma County. $40 fd. •
• Camp cook sawmill, 22 men. $45 and fd.
BOOKKEEPER AND BUTCHER.
SEE BOSS HERE.
To run branch shop, country ; see boss here.
..MURRAY A READY. g34-63a Clay st.
FARMER and wife. Ala. Co.. fare 60c. $50 fd.
3 boiler-makers" helpers, free fare, ISc to
».'* hour fd.
Carpenter. Alameda County. $3 day.
ndgerman, lumber co.. far* $3, $75 fd.
Setter, lumber co.. fare *3, $C5 fd.
dinner, city Job, $3 day.
Houltxynmn for large vineyard, $30 fd.
Young man. drive bakery waron. 30c fare,
$30 found.
16 teaujcters. city Jobs. $2 day.
4 laborers, htmber co.. fare $3, $33 fd. P
Young man. butcher chop, 10c fare, $10 wk.
Vr.k'T'* helper, city ]ob. $30 fd.
• .MURRAY ft READY, €34-636 Clay «t.
FREE FARE.
i." laborers, you'll, suit.
Foreman, sawmill, north. $40 fd.
Young man. drive milk wagon. $25 fd. .
¦ • Pl-jmber. city Job. $4 day.
Y.'agon-maker. Modoc Co., fair t aid, $3 day.
Turner, factory, fa#e 10c. $3 day.
Floor man and blackemlth's helper, $3 day.
2 fdtenrnrn. eawmlll eo., fare $1 50. $45 fa.
&ick eewer for harvest field. $2 25 day fd.
«-"ake baker, fare $1 00. $50 fa.
1V«iter. < »rr.t>. fare $1 35. $30 fd.
F.hort order lunch counter cook, 440 t".
.3 Italian laborcrib factory, near city. $2 day
• -. MURRAY A. READY, 634-C36 Clay st.
ALL
Men to learn the CARBEU TRADE: only
"eight weeks required; positions secured: con-
stant practice end expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
. MOHLEU SYSTEM COLLEGE. 6S5 Clay »t.
IfUTER and manager for notion and lining
departments* of city dry goods store; give
exptrlca**. eaiary expected, etc. Box CSS.
Call office. •
BUYER and manager for a silk and dress
' goods department cf large store. Address
•tating rxprrlesce and references, box €&tt.
Call office.
COACHMAN — Care of three horses, two cows,
garden work; country; wages $S5; give ref-
erences and length of employment. Address
bcx 747. Call crfice.
SALESMEN wanted to sell nursery stock;
<¦«"! I; advanced weekly; writ* immediately for
territury Ix-fcre It Is all assigned. CHICO
NURSERY CO.. Chlco. Cal. .- .¦
V.'at'TKIj — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed I'.cikln, F.er.o House proprietor, has
o'x-'.ni 100 new rooms to the Denver Houee,
SIT Tblrd rt. ; 250 rooms; S5e to Me per n'.ght.
I.rxn: vranted to take charge of small bak-
Vry; furnace orcn; etate experience and
v.up't expected. Address box 760, Call.
TOL'KG man- to learn barber trade; wages
v-hile learning. 741A Howard at. •
tAlLORS and ycung men <green hands) for
t hii-s. HA LLBERT, 617 Jackson st.
WANTS ir THEY ONLY KNOW WHAT YOU WANT
v t J « i Y I *^S ¦ ¦ 111 L— I I 1 L— .1 . I 11 1 V>v IT TT B I / % ¦ ¦ :uvjf x^j T T I 111 I
i ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING— Con.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Eunny. furnished 3- room suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted: free baths; raf $30 up.
LARKIN. 32C, corner Golden Gate ave. — Fur-
nished sunny; central; bath, closets; phons;
running water; reasonable^
LARKIN. 817%— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed: gas stove; reasonable.
MARKET. 1032 — Two housekeeping rooms: gas
and coal stove, and other rooms.
MCALLISTER, ltm— 3 sunny furnished con-
necting; complete; kitchen, bath, all con-
veniences: reasonable.
MISSION, 2133 — 4 large, sunny, connecting
rooms, furnished for housekeeping.
NINTH. 155—2 large sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas range; no other roomers.
OAK. 10 — On* large room, fur-iished complet»
for housekeeping, with gas stove.
OAK. 10—2 rooms, complete for housekeeping:
uw of piano.
OAK. 117. and 533 McAllister — Rooms complete
for housekeeping. $5 to $15; gas range; hot
bath: adults.
OAK. 508 — Two newly furnished rooms or 3
housekeeping rooms to let for 3 months;
rent reasonable.
OAK. 900, corner Pierce — 3 sunny, lovely bouso-
kueplng roores; all conveniences.
OAK. 1529, on Panhandle — 2 or 3 sunny house-
keeping rooms; bath and laundry.
O'FARRELL, 321 — Newly furnished rooms, 1.
2 or 3; Jjust opened; very reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 776, bet. Hydo and Larktn— 3
. unfurnished rooms for housekeeping: $10.
O'FARRELL, 1395— Nicely . furnished sunny
front housekeeping suite; $10.
POLK. 612 — $14; bedroom, kitchen, gas stc-v*.
bath; large front suite, housekeeping: reas.
POLK, 634. cor. Eddy— Housekeeping rooms
and others: use of kitchen if desired; reas.
POLK. 1402— Sunny housekeeping rooms; gas)
and bath free; reasonable.
STAFFORD. 222 Powell— Furnished rooms for
housekeeping cr otherwise; telephone, bath.
SUTTER, 895. cor. Leavenworth — 2 very de-
sirable front housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
EUTTER. 1103 — Large, furnished rear room:
convenient light housekeeping; $9.
SUTTER. 2170 — 2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms:
housekeeping; bath and phone: reasonable.
TAYLOR. 504, corner near Geary — »-room suit,
nicely furnished, housekeeping; all outslda
rooms; also single rooms, cheap.
TAYLOR. 911 — Suite furnished; gas rang«;
$12 B0; 2 attic, gas range. $9; 1 room $7.50.
TFHAMA, 742. near Ninth — 3 nice sunny fur-
nished housekpg rooms; large yard; $3 week.
TURK. 803— Nicely furnished alcove suite and
kitchen; running water, gas, bath and phone.
• TURK. 816 — Parlor floor for housekeeping; also
single rooms for gentleman.
VAN NESS ave.. 70S— Front basement suits of
3 rooms, complete for housekeeping. $22.
3 ROOMS, furnished for housekeeping; central:
sunny; 913. Box 894, Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th* reeepttoa
of advertisements and subscriptions has b««a
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open ontil 11 p. m.
. AJPABTacEjrr gopsra.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
1084 SUTTER ST.. NB. COR. LARKTN 8T.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; ail unfurnished; $27 60 to $40.
Make reservations now.
ST.CECILE. 118 Fell.above Van Ness nrm. — To*
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3- room apartments, with private baths,
steam heat electric light elevator, gas ranges;
$30. $35, $37. $40. $45. $47 60. $50. $53.
ET. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st — Modern 3-4-5
room*: furn. or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1330.
AFABTKEHTS WASTED.
4-ROOM apartment wanted, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping. Address box lt»5.
Call office.
APARTMENT house of 4 rooms wanted In de-
sirable locality; furnished. Box 617, Call.
FURNISHED apartment of 3 rooms wanted;
state rent Box 719. Call office,
WANTED — S-room apartment, unfurnished.
Box 1S9. Call office.
WANTED— An apartment of 3 furnished rooms
for housekeeping. Box 139. Call offlca. ,
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. «»< Vmtmwm.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 149 Sixth st— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. *1 25 to $i per wsek and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Booms. 23c, 60c. $1. $1 Hi night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night
A WELL-FURNISHED room or suite; refined
- family; excellent board; central. Box 771,
Call office.
AVERY. 29. oil (Vary, near Flllmore— Sunny
parlor In new flat. $8. -
BUaNETT. 1126 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 502— Newly furnished rooms; suits or
single; with or without board; reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices r«asona.bl«.
DEVISADERO. 2215 — Furnished front bay-
window suite: also single room; private fam-
ily: reference*. • • _¦ -.-' • . . . ',* i
EIGHTH. 10% — Larga front room; also bed-
room and kitchen.
ELLIS, 120— Avandell; furnished rooms; good
location; reasonable; week or month. A.
MARTY.
ELLIS. 322. Palmetto — Housekeeping and .
rooms single or en suite; baths.
ELIZABETH, «24, near Castro — 3 sunny fur-
nished rooms, bath, coal and ga« store.
FOLSOM. 813— Finely furnished front room;
very reasonable: see this.
FOLSOM. 834— Sunny rooms; gas and bath.
GEARY. 441— Furnished rooms to 1st
GRAND Southern, "th and Mission — Rooms S3)
tb $1 23 night: $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly far-
nlihed suites and slngl? rooms.
HOWARD, 1971— Two largo light rooms; newly
furnished; private family; rent reasonable.
KEARNY, 21S— Furnished rooms by the 6*1.
week or month; reasonable rates. .
MASON. 1327— To let: a nice sunny room, with
or without bath; references required.
MCALLISTER, SO— Sunny bay-window front
room; well furnished: gas, water, central;
also similar adjoining room.
MISSION, 2362— One or two furnished rooms la
private family. _
NATOMA, 4*)%— A nice sunny room for gsn-
tleman; private family.
O'FARRELL. 1520, near Buchanan — On* Urge,
newly furnished room, suitable for two; hot
and cold water, bath; private family; $9 per
month.
PINE. 1070— Large, pleasant, furnished room
with running water: suitable for two.
POST. 8S9. near Hyde— Large furnished front
room: bath; gas: for 1 or 2 gents.
POST, 726 — Single, also connecting rooms; gas
range, laundry, sink, back yard.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 38c to $1 30; week. $3
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
. floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. n91 — CaKj nlcm sunny housekeep-
ing rooms. _. '
SIXTH. 1 IS— Saratoga; furnished room*, single
or en suite; reasonable.
SIXTH, 132 <Nevada>— Furnished rooms; day.
week or month: >rall and see us.
SIXTH. 186— Furnished rooms: location cen-
tral; charges reasonable; cars pass door.
ET. THOMAS. 930 Market st.. ©oposlt* Em-
porium ; elegantly furnished rooms and
suites; prices reasonable.
TAYLOR.' 810— Sunny, nicely furnished front
. room; also housekeeping rooms.
THE ST. KATHItYN. NF. cor. Leavanworfi
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms In th« city; n«w
hotel- Just furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattresses In every room: alao hot and cold
water, baths, etc.: steam heat throughout;
elevator service and avery modern conveol-
ence; rooms from $3 per week up.
Continued on Page Tea.
HEAL ESTATE: CITY— FOR SAL'S.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO. Z£±
• -638 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION. -; 'V-
AUCTION,
Tuesday .;'. Jure 7.1904,
At our salesroom at 12 o'clock noon.
HA YES- ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 626-628 Hayes st and 609-611 Ivy ave..
west of Laguna st: lot 25x120 feet, running
through to rear street; Improvements consist
of two very beautlfut flats fronting on Hayes
st.. containing 6 rooms and bath each, and two
flrst-class flats fronting on rear st. Ivy ave.; j
rent $98 50 per month; mortgage $1SOO.
CLARA-ST. INVESTMENT. .
Nos. 17-19 Clara st, west of Third: lot 25x90
feet; Improvement 3 flats of 6-6-6 rooms and
bath each; new modern' plumbing; renting for
$52 ¦ per month; mortgage of $1000 In German
Bank.
CLEMENTINA- ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 20 Clementina et., west of First; lot 25x
SO feet; Improvements consist of a 2-story frame
building of "10 rooms and bath; also rear house
of 4 rooms and basement; rent $4O per month.
VALPARAISO-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 82-84-86 Valparaiso st. east of Taylor;
lot 23xeO feet: Improvements consist of 3 flats.
containing 3-3-6 rooms; also rear house with o
rooms and baeement of 2 rooms and cellar;
also 3 unfinished rooms In basement of front
flat: mortgage of $1000 can remain.
SACRAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 3109 Sacramento st, west of Baker; lot
25x137:0 feet; elegant 2-story residence of 9
rooms and bath; renting for $50 per month.
12TH-AVE. BUILDING CORNER.
NW. cor. of 12th ave and M st; lot 57:«x ,
100 feet.
ALSO „ : t
Building lot on E. line of 9th ave., 178 feet
north of O st; lot 25xlC0 feet.
MISSION CORNER.
RE. cor of 24th and Capp sts.; lot 59x65 ft;
Improvements consist of a 2-story building,
containing store and flat above of 6 rooms; i
only small portion of the lot now built upon; <
mortgage of $3400 can remain; rent $34 per j
month.
BR0DERICK-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 2211 Broderick st.r south of Jackson; lot
27:SV£xll2:6 feet; Improvements consist of a
2-story residence of S rooms and porcelain
bath open plumbing, etc.; rent $55.
SUTTER-ST. BUILDING LOT.
South line of Sutter at.. 110 feet east of
Stelner: lot- 27:6x137:6 feet.
NORTH OF PARK BUILDING LOT.
Westerly line of Wlllard st. 100 feet south
of Turk; 25x100 feet; sewered, etc.
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. Mission at., west of '.tth; lot 25x125
feet; Improvements consist of a 9-room dwell-
ing; good foundation; house in flrst-class order;
rent $40 per month.
TWENTIETH -ST. BUILDING LOT.
North line of 20th st. 255 feet west of
Church; lot 25x11* feet.
ALSO
Southerly line of 20th st, 130 feet west of
Church: lot 25x114.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * CO.,
638 Market st
$1 25 PER week: no Interest: lots in the Ex-
celsior Homester. J Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st, room 5.
$12.000 — NOT yet completed; rents $1320 per
year: 3 marine-view flats; N. line Green st,
1664-66-68 Green st, E. Laguna; every room
Is and will be sunny; ever* possible latest
Improvement. Apply at the premises from
2 to 5; lot 25x137:6.
FREE homestead presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. Se«
J. E. GORDON, 628 Crossley bldg., 2:30 to 5
p. m. dally:
SNAP — Cosy sunny cottage, 5 rooms, bath and
laundry; latest Improvements; north stde
O'Farrelt St.; $4000 only. Inquire 1303 De-
vlsadero, between 10 and 12 a. m.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of
buildings and x>nrt Int. Manhattan Savings
Bank. 107-8-9-11 Crocker building.
$3000 — NEW modern cottage, 5 rooms and
bath, nr. 16th and Dolores sts.; Mission
warm belt; easy terms. 3316 Mission st.
$7500 — 3 NEW 9-room residences on Fell st,
west- of rillmore.^ r ' '
$11)00 — COTTAGE, 4 rooms; lot 50x110; on Har-
rison st. : a snap. Mission Realty Co., 2 29th.
FOR sale — Good 5 room ' house; lot 25x100;
t Imps.; price $1300. Owner, box 989, Call.
FOR sale — Cottage. 7 rooms; In food condition;
cheap. 223 Third ave., Richmond.
FIXE cor., 75x80. nr. Market st: 6 blocks
West City Hall. Room 217 Parrott building.
ALL. work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH tc MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard at.
REAL ESTATE— Country— For *» tg '
— — — ' BaTLE Y.~
Successors to
W. J WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$12.500 — Splendid stock ranch and general
farm 2000 acres; 4 miles from courthouse,
Mcndocmo County; 200 acres tillable; 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied with
water and an abundance of live oak timber;
there are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
fSOOO— Only 3H miles of Geyservllle, the Gem
of Sonoma County; % mile good school: rural
mall delivery; 50 acres; SO acres rich bottom
land: 2 acres orchard: 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; S acres alfalfa; well fenced and cross
fenced; 5-room house 2 good barns, nice
spring; have other bargains In this superb sec.
tlon.
$2500—15 acres level land, 7 miles of San
Jose; all In vineyard; house.
$2,000— 40- acre dairy and poultry ranch. 1
mile of town; hill land; 2 houses; barn; corral;
poultry houses; 2 incubators; 2 brooders; farm-
ing tools; fenced; 4 cows; 2 horses; 225 chick-
ens; fine market.
$800 — 4 acres In Fruitvale; lease 4 years; $17
per month; nice 5-room cottage; 25 poultry
houses; yards fenced 6- ft. wire netting; brood-
ers; Incubators; 600 chickens; mostly bearing
orchard
$3200— In city limits of Petaluma; 2% acres;
neat cottage: barn; 5 poultry houses; 2 brood-
ers; 1 Incubator; 2 wagons; harness: horse;
Jersey cow; 450 chickens; all In bearing fruit;
see photos of select Petaluma homes at this
office.
$3000—3 miles of Santa Rosa; 200 acres; 20
acres tillable soil; 500 cords of wood; house;
barn; running water; 10 head of cattle; 25 head
of hogs; other bargains In this superb section.
$600— Only 1 mile of town; 80 acres; house,
trees, vines, berries; 16 acres bottom land;
placer and quarts gold: X garden patches, out-
side range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$4000— Near Merced City, on main road; 40
acres rich land: & acres bearing olives, 10
acres alfalfa. 5H acres bearing orchard; 2
wells; all under ditch; fine cottage; 5 rooms;
steel windmill and tank; good barn; toolbouse;
granary; poultry houses; Incubator houses; nice'
Income; cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided In
small tracts at $65 per acre; one -third of crop
with place.
Adjoining the town of Lodl. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under dttch;
$125 to $165 per acre.
$50 per acre; 10 acres up; under ditch; 4H
miles from Lodl, on main county road; also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $4S an
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
I have several parties with good Income prop-
erty to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging-houses; many cash buyers; list your
property.
$2500 — 60 acres; 0 miles from. Santa Crus; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
some steep; small orchard And vineyard, bear-
ing; good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure: $500 down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$5000 — Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 820
acres; 2 seta good Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; S horses; farming tools; otslde range.
$4500—30 acres close to Morgan Hill, Santa
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard. 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
finished cottage of 0 rooms; outbuildings; fine
Income; would trade for Income city property.
$1100 — Only 6 miles from, courthouse; SO
acres; orchard, vineyard, houee, outbuildings;
part cash; near Red Bluff.
$17,000 — Finest ranch In San Joaauln County,
between Stockton and Lodl; water near sur-
face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land, 1 mile of Calaveras River,
on main read; mortgage $9000; would trade for
flrst-class property near cltjr
$4500 — Near Newcastle; 2i acres; oranges,
cherries, peaches, lemons plums and apples;
small but nice house; only $1500 down; have
bargains In tills vicinity from $1000 up.
$2250 — 10 acres, all in apricots Just com-
mencing to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
home: half cash.'- -
'-• $1700— In Bonoma City; 3% acres;-all level;
good house, barn, windmill,' tankhouse; 13 poul-
try houses' and yards: some alfalfa; . spring
wsgon; 800 chickens: feedhouse.
$3500—130 acres cast of San Jose; 125 acres
In hay; good soli..' ¦
Seed stamp for ' printed list.
WHITE A BAYLET.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
- 26 Montgomery St., Room S. .
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
STOCK ranches: 1C00 to 60.000 acres at $7 per
• acre; plenty of water and feed. Fruit land
In r Contra Costa. Co., 10 acres -up, • $50 .per
acre. HEDEMARK & JACK CO.. 11 Mont-
, gomery.i \ - ; . . • ,
ALFALFA lands, stock: ranches, orchards.
¦ vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., «3
.- Market st...; . : </ . •.-. ..,.'¦,¦Closing exercises for the spring term
of the Jewish Educational Society's
fr&e school were held yesterday in the
schoolroom at 1243 Folsom street. The
exercises were devoted to singing and
addresses by Mayer May. principal of
the school. In bis remarks Mr. May
said that as a usual thing 200 children
were in attendance, but as there was
an entertainment in another part of
the citj; as many were not present as
he would like to see The objects oC
the school are to give Jewish children
religious training after -their day's
study In the public schools.
Spring Term Closes.
¦ Joseph M. Parker to Caroline L. Parker, lot
on W line of Van Nets avenue, 76 S of Filbert
etrcft. 8 25 by W 110; gift.
EEtate of James Scobie (by George Bennett
and Alfred P. Black, executors) to Mary
Downey, lot on W lln» ot Fillmore street. 150
S of Fell. 8 25 by W 100; $3000. '
Agnes A. Kcoble to same, same; S10.
Mary J. White to Charles J. N. Koenig, lot
on S line of Hush street. 160 W of Steiner. TV
20 by S 137:6; $10. .
¦ Robert F. and Elizabeth E. Patrons to Cora
E Dlthtnar, - lot on E line of - Central ¦ ave
nue, **7 :<J S of Pine ctreet. 8 25 by E
James C. Jordan to Duncan S. ' Murray. iot
oa B" line- of Michigan avenue. 26<t:8 Nr of
ISichmond avenue, N 33:4 by E 120: S10.
M. H. and Kate L de Young to Samuel H.
SATURDAY. MAY 28.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. .
United States .Coast* an* Geodetic^ Eurwiy—
Time, and Height of High and' Low Water*
at Fort Point entrance tp San Francisco
Bay. 'Published by official authority of in**
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
.minutes later than at Foit Point: tha height
ef tld« U the same at both places. " •
• MONDAY. MAT SO. f
Sun rises , , 4:41
Sun acts v 1:14
Moon rises • S:34 p nu
O Time " Time Time ITVne
£ Ft. --= .Ft. — — • Ft. I- — - Ft.
? L W . H W L W yi Vf
30 I «:11|— 0.8J 1:191- 4*.TI 5:4J *JL2
II Wl L W • IH W L W
31 ] .B.6| 6:55;— O.7| 2:07 4.7 6:33 Z.2
NOTI5 — In the above exposition of the ttdm ,
the early morning ttdea are given to th« left
hand column and the' successive tld«a of
day In the order of occurrence as to time: th*
fourth time column gives the last tide of tho .
day. except when there are but three tides, as
somrtlrt.es occurs. The heights gtven are la
addition to tha soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when % minus ( — >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from tha depth gtven by
the cnart». The plapa of reference ts ta« aeaa
ot tha lower low waters.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
-Steamer. .1 " 3"°r. . ' j Sails.
Humboldt Skagway &. Way Ports.lMay U
Dlrlgo Skagway &.Way Ports. r June l«
Senator Nome Jim* 1*
Oxegon....... Noma , June X
Excelsior Valdex A Way Port*.. Juttrf 4
Tacoma Nome & Teller 1 Jun« t
O'.ympia.. ....". Nome < St. Mlchaef. ., June a
Garr.nne...... Nonve ft Golovtn Bay., j June 2
Kcanok* Norn* ft St. Michael... I June 4
.Victoria Nome *ruc« A
Farallon Skagway A Way Ports. Junn H
J. Dollar Valdes & Seward ... t ... June" 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Vicars as -Philemon Hennion was the
typical country lad who "weighed : 200
pounds,?- but fhls efforts to portrav that
country' lad were rather overdone.- He
redeemed himself In the: last act. Lord
Clowe's ¦ villiany.- Thomas Oberle - por
trays sufficiently to have the gallery
gods howl at him when he "ofhes on the
stage for the final scene. George Wood
ward . as Colonel Rahl - received the
greatest amount of applause for Indi
vidual ; effort, j Bessie ' Stuart Bacon as
Tablth Drainker was amusing, and her
part: not ovp-^.-Sp. . Phosa McAllister
as Mrs.' Meredith made a good colonial
dame.: ¦•'; Taken all In -all' the play lg
well put on.
a ARRIVED.
f ¦•'¦'• -h Sunday, May 29.
Etmr Bhnlta. XI col son. 57',-j Hours frpm San
Pedro and way ports.
-j Stmr Chas Nelson, Jfelson, 88 hour* from
San Pedro.
Stmr Empire. Macgenn. 67 boors from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall. S7H hours from
i Portland, via Astoria 45'i hours,
i Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 23 hours* from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Corona, Cousins. 39'i hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Despatch. Levtnson, ,42 hours from Saa
Pedro.
8tmr Jamea S HigKlns, Hlggins. .14 hours
from Fort Bragg, bound south," put in for pas- •
aengera.
Br stmr Caithness. Atkinson. 24 days from
Mojl.
Stmr National City. Hammar. 25 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr 'Curacao, Paulsen, tl eays from Guay
ms«. via Knsenada 47 hour*.
Stmr Marshfleld. Dettmers, 17 hours from
Greenwod: up river
Stmr Navarro. Webef, 82 hours from
Eureka.
t Stmr Arctic, Nelson. 25 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Ilwaco. LefUngwell, 3 hours from
Pigeon Point.
Bktn Retriever, Sloane, 8 days from Port
Hadlock.
SAILED. . • •«
Sunday, May 29.
Stmr Ilwaeo. Lefflngwell, Pigeon Point.
Htmr F A /Kllburn. Jahnsea. Port Rodgers.
Btmr Shasta. Hansen, San Pedro.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego and.
way ports.
Stmr Maripo.'a. Rennie, Tahiti.
Stmr Jas S Hlgglns. Hlgglns. Redondo. .
Stmr Brooklyn. Johannsen. Mendoclno.
Stmr Brunswick. Hammar, Fort Bragg. •
Stmr Despatch. Levlnson. . ',
Schr Ida A. Campbell, Point Reyes.
Rchr Luzon. Anderson, Port Gamble.
Schr Hawaii. Johnson. Port Townsend. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOflOS. May 29. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 12 miles -per hoar.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed May 29. 4 a m—
Stmr Santa Cruz, for San Pedro. •
SEATTLE— Arrived May 28— Stmr "Senator.
hence May 25. May 20 — Stmr Valencia from
Skagway; stmr Montara. hence May 25 ¦
Arrived - May 21). 5 p m — Stmr Humboldt
from Skajrway.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 20— Stmr Columbia,
hence May 27. "
Sailed May 29 — Ger utmr Ntcomedla for
< SANTA BARBARA— Sailed May 2»— Stmr
Santa Cruz. Tor San Pedro; stmr state of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco. •*•¦,.¦
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May *O-i
Stmr Coqullle River, from Port Harford '
Sailed May 29— Stmr Coqulle, for SanVrm.
Cisco. .
POINT REYES— Passed south May 29 1-10
p m— Stmr South Bay. from Eureka for" Re
dondo. .. '
TATOOSH— Passed out May 29— Stmr Nome
City, from Seattle, for Nome; «chr Watson *
West, from Puget Sound, for Grays Harbor
SAN PEDRO-Arrlyed May 2jH-8chi^ Daunt
less, from Grays Harbor; schr Balnbrldge from
Port Blakeley; whr Ludlow. from Port lUo
lock.
Sailed May 29— Stmr Noyo. for San Fran
cisco. . ¦
/ ABERDEEN— Sailed May 29— Stmr Cheh*
£rancTsc S o an Vt * T °' '*** U " ie V *~*' '^ ***
• " ISLAND PORTS ' '
nlcl^o^&af ttJrKSJ* fl/Tacor
Franc^co May **-*** Mirth *. D * Vl '- «» »«
¦ OCEAN STEAMERS .
NEW YORK— Arrived May 20— Stmr - G«r-
Shipping Intelligence.
Fong Sing Mun. Wong Huey " Gay Jew
Chung Leu Cliun Hong Dl (owners) with 8..H."
Robinson (contractor), architect Charles Paff
All work for a three-story brick- building on
" Henry M. Kelly and wife (owners) with N.
A. Carlson (contractor), architect— All
work for a two-story frame building (flats)
on W line of York street. 143 ' from Twenty
first (also described as W line of York street.
243 N of Twenty-first. 25 by 100); $4200.
C. J. Walsh (owner) with W. O. Peterson
(contractor), architects Meyer . & ¦ O'Brien — All
work for a two-story frame residence -on E
line of Sixth avenue, 134 N of Lake, — 25 E
122.3; $4100. . ' ;"
Same owners with Otis Elevator Company
(contractors) architect same— Elevator. work for
fomn. on same; £3150.
Union Trust " Company <owner») with Ickrl
helmer Bros, (contractors), a'-vhitect Clinton
Day — Plumbing and marble work for additions
to a ten-story, basement and attic brick build
ing on E line of Montgomery 'street, «'.'J:<» N of
Port, N 50, E 87:6, B 2S. W 25, 8 25. thence
62:6 to beginning, alro on NE corner of Mont
gomery and Po«t streets, N 02:6, K 62:«. S
67:11. SW 7:10, W 56:2; $21.S2N. -
Estate of. James Stanton, John A.. William
M. and F. J. Stanton (owners) with O'Neill fc
Hansell (contractor*), architect J. E. Krafft —
All work except elevator for alterations and
additions to a three-story brick building on
HW corner of Kearny and Post streets, S 62:6
by W B0:5; $2140.
Rufus L. and Jennie L. Rlgdon to Henry G.
Meyer, lot on N line of Fulton street, 107:6 W
cf Thirty-sixth avenue, W 75 by N 100; $10.
Albert Meyer to Archibald A. Anderson, lot
on E line of -Nineteenth avenue, 150 N of I
street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Harry P. Thoma* to George V. Smith, lot on
•6 line of I street. 52:6 W of Twentieth avenue
W 25 by S 100; $10. ".
Louis E. Martinez to Agnes J. Martinez lots
7 and 8. block 19. Market-street Extension
Homestead Association; gift.
Nathaniel J. Brlttaln to John Btshford, lots
15fffi and 1.170. gift map 3; $10.
John - Bashford to Charles W. Hugy, same;
$10. -
P. J. Gorham to Continental - Building and
Loan Association, lot SI, block 25, Lakevlew;
$10. «¦
Builders* Contract*.
Morris and Emma Blmlnoff to L*. G. Bergrcn,
lot on NE corner of Ninth avenue and C street
N 100 by E 132:6; $10.
Estate of Bridget Morris (by Henry P. TJmb
sen, executor) to Mary and Annie L. Morris,
lot ion N line of O'Farrell Btreet. 114:6 E of
Larkin, B 23 by N 137:6; $14,000.
Fred Jr. and Irene Dodd to Abraham Ruef.
lot -on W line of Twenty- fourth avenue, 105:4
N of B street. N 25 by W 120; also lot on W
line of Twenty-fourth avenue, 165:4 N of B
street, N 150 by W 120: also lot on W line of
Twenty-fourth avenue, 340:4 N of B street N
125 by W 120; I
Julia Roussel (Barry, wife of P. A.) to
Besrie and Bmanuel O. Morris, lot on E line
of .Sanchez street, 135 S of Duboee, S 25 by E
125: $10. .
Falrmount Loan Association to A. Rosen
stein, lot. on N line of Hill street, 205 W of
Sanchez, W 25 by N 114; $10.
Thomas and Sarae E. Stevenson to Ernest J.
Landott. lot commencing 50 K of Church street
and 80 N of Duncan, E 25 by N 34; $350.
. Andrew Repetto to Angelo Sevrcntl, lot on
Sfi corner Chestnut and Stockton streets S
24:0, B 65*. S 22. E 22:0, N 46:6, W 87:6: $10.
• Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Wil
liam Linden. lot on SW corner of Twenty
fourth and Dolores streets, "W 125 by 8 114;
55600.
John G. and Maude A. Jury to Frank R.
Grannts, lot on N line of Sacramento street,
114:11 E of Central avenue, E 35 by N
Henry E. and Arabella Huntington to South
ern Paclnc Oomwnv (corporation) lot on BE
corner of Fourteenth and Julian streets, S 65
b;- E !)5; $10.
Taylor, lot en E line of Shrader street, 65:6
S of Grove. S 32 by E 110; $10.
Samuel H. Taylor to Nellie H. Taylor (wife
of Samuel H.), nm«; gift.
George II. and Flora B. Dyer to Winifred
M. Demiwey, lot on W line of Laurel street,
1O7:7H S of Sacramento. S 25 by W 137:6;
Due To-Morrow.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Alameda Is due to arrive from Honolulu to
morrow.
Th* Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's steamship Doric will sail for the
Orient, via Honolulu, on Wednesday.
Doric Will Sail Wednesday.
Steamer. De-«lnat!on. Sails.) Pier.
May 30. ~**
(mn Juaa..- N*. Y. via Panama. 13 m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 <m ?lef 9 ¦
May 31.
Samoa I.os Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier "-2
Bonlta Newport ft Way... 0 ami Pier 11
Jeanle % Seattle ft Tacoma. 5 pmiPler 20
Corona.... Humboldt ...." l:30pP»;t •
June. 1. ¦'.";-.>¦•
Spokane Seattle direct 11 amiPier 9 '
¦ O. W. Elder Astoria ft Portlandlll anr.Pter 2* ¦¦
Doric China ft Japan 1 1 pm!P1»« 40
Elizabeth.. Coqullle TJlver 1 6 pmlPter 2O ,
Arcata Coos B ft Pt. OrfdilO am Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 8 am Pier i
Juna 2. ,1 ! .
Iaqua. Ilumboldt 4 am Pier 3
8. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 3
Eureka Humboldt A am Pier IX
Argo. Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pl»r 4
St. Paul Nome ft St. Michael 2 pm F»r 29*
State. of Cal Ead Diego ft Way. *j am' Pier It
Porno...... Pt 'Arena ft Albion 8 pm|Pler 2
June 3. | |
Pomon*.... Humboldt — «|l:yplPi«r 9
Serapli Hamburg ft .Way.|12 mJPr*r 19 .
« Juno 4. ''"lL
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmlPler a "
Coos Bay... SanJPedro ft Way. 9 am|Plef 11
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier T
i; mat Ilia... Pugat Sound Ports. 11 amftar •
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 • m Pier 4O
juaa 5.
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Alliance... Eureka ft Coos Bay 6 pm Pter IS
' Juaa 6. I
Columbia... Astoria ft Portland 11 am Pier 24
June 7.
Cha«. Nelso Nome ft Teller
Curacao Mexican Ports |W> am Pier IX
The British steamer Caithness, Captain
Atkinson, arrived yesterday, twen.ty-four days
from Mojl. She was ordered into quarantine
for twenty-four hours. She brings 800O tons
of coal to J. J. Moore ft Co.
Caithness Arrives.
TO SAIL.
The Dolphin Boat Club is soon to have an
acquisition to its fleet In tha shape of a new
racing four-oared barge, which Is being built
by T. K. Keenan. It ts thirty-six - feet long
and weights only 110 pounds. The club Is also
having two outrigger skiffs built by the same
person. '¦•_-<« <
New Barge.
.-. From '• the statement' ef- Officer C. F. Castor.
who • made -, the "arrest. Harmon ¦ went to the
ticket' office and asked for a ticket to Oakland.
H* tendered what • appeared to b« a 120 gold
piece which the ticket seller thought looked
off . color and ¦ Harmon was ' consequently turned
over to the "arm of the law.'
Robert . Harmon -was arrested yesterday In
the: ferry, building 'and -charged at the police
station' with" trying to pass -a spurious coin.
Tries to Pass Bogus Coin.
Steamer. I rrom. I Du«.
O. Dollar ' San P#>dro [May 30
Arctic iHumboldt May C«>
M. Dollar. . . . | Redondo May :->>>
Newburg.'. ...I San Pedro May 3O
Edith | SeattI* May 3O
Stats of Cal.. I San Diego * Way Pts.JMay SO
Czarina I Coos Bay (May a<»
Serapis | Seattle IMay SO
Arcata Coos Ray ft Pt. Orford. May 30
Elizabeth.... ! Coqullle River May :;<>
Eureka j Humboldt May 31
Alameda ' Honolulu May 31
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports..... May 3t
Porno Point Arena & Albion.. May :U
Argo Eel River Ports |May 31
City Peking.. New York vU Panama.. May 31
Tellus Oyster Harbor |June I
Newport New York via Panama. Jun» 1
Santa Crua... San Pedro ft Way Pts.. June t
Pomona Humboldt ». JJsne 1
North Fork.. Humboldt ,. June 2
Point Arena.. Mendncino ft Pt. Arena. (June 2
Pasta Rosa.. San Diego ft Way Ports Jfune 2
Centennial... Seattle ft Tacoma Juno 3
AlUanef Portland ft Way Porju. !June 3
Columbia....- Portland ft Astoria J-in« -*t
Ratrtcr Seattle ft B*lllngham. . l-luno .1
Bonlta Newport ft 'Way Ports. June S
Queen Puget Sound Ports. ..June 5
Ventura Sydney ft Way I'oris. June A
City Para.... New York via Panama. June 8
Coptic Ch Ina & Japan |Jua« 8
120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2»— « p. m. -
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
data as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Last This Last
24 hours season, season.
j Eureka 0.00 ttt.79 61.15
i Red Bluff 0.00 81.15 24.21
Sacramento 0.00 16.88 10.62
Kan Francisco O.OO 20. 59 18.28
Fresno 0.00 8.0* 8. SO
Independence 0.00 2.59 2.34
£an Luis Obispo .... 0.00 16.09 18.49
Los Angeles 0.00 8.72 19.29
San Diego ....' 0.00 4.40 11.76
THE COAST RECORD.
Z 5 5 3 O~ 2 5
5 32 a? 3 :
3 «S. » — 2 ?« o
3 |3|3 91 v
STATIONS. ? ¦?§?§ J§ p~ j?
i3 3 3o. % c.
: S S : i ?
' * 7 '• ¦ '. •
Baker 28.72 72 60 SW Rain .0*
Carson 29.78 70 48 W ' Cloudy .00
Eureka 80.02 66 60 KW Cloudy Tr.
Fresno 29.84 82 66 W Pt Cldy .00
FaraUon 29.JW» 67 B2 W Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.82 74 36 SW Clear .00
Pocatello 29. SO 74 88 SW Itain Tr.
Independence .29.72 82 66 SK Cloudy .00
Los. Angeles... 28. 94 74 56 SW Cloudy .00
Mt/ TamalpalsSO.OO 48 42 W Cloudy .00 I
North Head ..?».O9 62 4S NW Pt Cldy .CO
Phoenix .."...29.74 OS 62 W Clear .00
¦Polnt;,Reyei..29.e5 W» 61 W Cloudy *.00
Portland". ...*. 29. 86 68 60 NW Pt Cldy .00
Red Bluff 29.84 80 68 SE Pt Cldy .00
.Roeebunr- -.. .-.29.90 ¦ 72 . 60 NE ' Pt Cldy .00
Ktacramento ..29.90 66. 64 ¦ B .. Pt Cldy ,0O
.'Halt'. ~ Lake.... 29. 74. -78: 62 ' K ' 'Cloudy .00'
• Kan •,-Francisco30.O2 i> 60.62 SW ' Clear •" Tr '
.S. L.- Obiapo.%30.00 - 62 '62: W -'Oar ¦ .00
San Diego.'.. -.29.90 ' 6S • 60.-NW Cloudy ¦ .00
Seattle . .". ...29;00 68 ; 4* -W- •" Ooudy V .OO'
Spokane ....'.29.72 '• 78 :.48 #1 8W Cloudy- .00',
Tato6sh .......29:i)6 - r.C'. 4C. Wi.v Cloudy ;00
Walla Walla: :29.70; 82 -.fiO'.-BW -.'clear' I '.00
Wlnnemucca' •.29.-76 '-74 ~6rt . W •' ¦•Cloudy". 00'
.Yuma . ......; .29; 74 100 ' C4 :3; ¦. > . "Clear y-' -.00
WEATHER CONDITIONS V AND ' G ENERA t*
• ¦- . '.'. '¦-.¦.• *.•';/; V ;¦¦'" '.'¦'•
Generally. cloudy "weather. /prevails'' over .'«!•'
¦western portion ' f of , : the fcountry";. "• Light"^ rain'
haa: fallen- in -; Eastern, .Oregon :• -Idaho. TarxJ
Westenr MontannW.,Tnund»rB«ortni .are "report- '
ed 'from ¦ Baker. City.- mil K*li»r«-l.-: «-\V .. '; ••'
The : pressure.-.liasj>iMn':alons - the'. imnie3Ut«".
coast and; fallen, over '-the'. Interior- of f the'- -Pa--'
clflc Slope.". ¦'.•'....'.•¦•''.' -;• V: "v. •,=.:. .-.-"» .»;."" - •"¦
The temperature '.-has? fallen ¦-. in ; ther 6aera><
mento ..Valley and -'• Western VOesron ;*.. In -'other :
districts, the. changes 'have •teen"' slight '-' •'.•••-,"•
Forecast ¦ rriade at/San. 1 : Francisco • for '• thirty
hours ending 'midnight. -May.'3O:" •". \V ,•.':«:;.."
Northern •Callfornla-^CIoudy.-Mon(Say;. ; light
¦west wind. ¦ ¦•¦ :'••-.• "•' -" t V;'- ••.•'.,:•:?>:' ':"••'
Southern California— Cloudy -Monday j v light
west wind. ¦ . ¦ • ¦;.; . ¦',-, „• .•*. • *..-.•- *
Nevada — Cloudy Monday... . : "-.•••.-.¦•'•¦•••/."'.¦.'•.
San Francisco- and 'Vicinity— -Cloudy.' Monday;'*
light wc«t wind. •..;¦'.-.¦.•.?¦¦¦.•¦•¦¦. •.-,.••..-
G. H. WILLSON. Local 'Forecaster.-
G. Schmeser turned up at the Harbor Hos
pital yesterday and wanted to have a long
cut near his jugular vein dressed. H« said
that he Is a porter at tha Hotel Royal. 126
Ellis street, and that he resides at 25>i Moss
street. He stated that on Saturday night he
was walking down Keamy street when he met
a friend of his named "Joe." They wandered
together along the .purloins of the North End
and imbibed a few. In fact they imbibed a
good many "fews."
Finally Joe invited Schmeser up to his room,
on the corner of Sutter street and Grant
avenue, and there, ac-'v-dlng to the allegation^
Joe tried to slash Schmeser with a razor, and
during the operation stole. $15 from Schmeser' s
pocket and disappeared with it.
Schmeser says he doesn't know Joe's last
name.
Stabbed and Robbed.
manic, from Southampton and Cherbourg:
stmr Moltke. from Hamburg. Southampton
and Cherbourg.
LIVERPOOL— Arrlvad May 29— Stmr Georgia,
from Xew York.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Slay =9— Stmr Pots
dam, from New York, via Boulogne.
TRIESTE — Sailed May 29 — Btmr Pannonia,
for New York, via Flume anr Palermo.
MARSEILLES— Sailed May 29— Stmr Rou
manta. from Boston, for Genoa and Naple*.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 29— Stmr Um
brla. from Liverpool, for New York.
Movement* of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Weathct Report.
Sails for Tahiti.
Tfcs Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer*
Marlpoaa, J. Reunle, commander, sailed for
Tahiti yesterday at 11 a. m. Sha had a royal
sendoff from a large bunch of friends of the
passengers who were going to the. island. This
trip Is growing to be very popular, and every
voyage sees on increase in the passenger list.
On the present voyagp are a number of tourists
from tha | East who came to San Francisco
especially to .take t&ls trip.
Following Is a list of the passengers: Mrs.
M. Atwater. T. B. Eastland. A. H. Flfleld.
M. Fonteil. Mme. Fontell. Master Fontell,
J. II. Follls, Mrs. Follls. Miss Minnie Hock,
Dr. Ernest Melllss. Master Melllas. Gustave
Meuel. M. A. Meyer. E. Miller. B. Salmon.
Mrs. L. de Smldt. Miss E. Tompklns. E. C.
Travis. F. L. Travis. Mlas Daisy Van Ness.
D. Atwater. Mr. Danguy. Mrs. Danguy. Mr.
de Verblzer, A. Krelch, F. J. Fullmer, A. P.
Huffaker. Carl Hock.
,. Elsie 'Esmond as Janice Meredith,
the title of the play,; has the "bulk of
the lines to f render. She acts as -: one
would expect a young Quaker ' girl of
colonial ¦ times to act. Howard Gould
as Charles Fawnes and later as Colonel
Jack • Brereton ; did not ; have his lines
as well as is expected from the leading
man,. but he hasthe reputation of im
proving in that respect; as the week
progresses. Harry .Mestayer: as*Lieu
tenant :¦; Mobray is ', too hoarse ; f or . the
character of , the work cut out f or ' him.
In the first and second acts Frank Mc-
, The Oliver Morosco Company opened
at the California Theater last night for
the summer season and was greeted
with a fair house." ' .
• • •
The Colby family opened at the Or
pheum yesterday afternoon In their
clever musical entertainment. They
introduce new specialties, and their
quartet work is good. Ferrar, Cole &
Co. present an original comedy sketch,
"His College Chum," which* offers
complications and fun. . Gaston and
Stone in "A Whiff of the Briny" ap
pear in grotesque makeup, and present
their turn In the same : fashion. Pow
ers Brothers as Gaston and Alphonse
do trick bicycle riding.
Marcel's living art studies and bas
reliefs still hold interest, and some of
the settings have been changed for this
week. Charles H. Burke, Grace La Rue
and their "inky" boys repeat' their act
of last week and are rewarded, with ap
plause. Belle Gordon,, the phenomenal
nthlete, in an. exhibition of bagpunch-
Ing. and Al Lawrence,' who is a mimic
above the ordinary/ complete, the pro
gramme.
Robert Elliott as'Zaccario was satis
fyingly villainous and quite acceptable,
but for his habit of galloping to the
ends of his lines. Of the others in the
cast there was little requiring com
ment. The presentation is worth see-
Ing and will hold the boards until Sat
urday night.
The play Is not one that gives Mac-
Dowell full Bcope for any of his pow
ers except the passive ones. Only twice
or thrice was he permitted to raise his
large voice above the attention com
manded by the poses of his larger
form.
Melbourne MacDowell's bill for the
week at the Grand is "Gismonda,"'an
other of the Sardou plays. It opened
at a matinee yesterday to a fair
crowd, but last night the house was
small. The play did not arouse the re
sponse it deserved. Al uc Do well had the
sympathies of his auditors, but the
honors all went to Miss Ethel Fuller,
in the title role. Those who have com
plained that Miss Fuller is "cold"
would enjoy her Gismonda, ,
Lee Johnson has. provided plenty of
attractive tunes. Carleton! some tune
ful lyrics and there .is a' pretty and
well-dresssed chorus to the good.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
'..; Miss' *Aug' has .chic and originality in
large degree, and ; her- act was the hit
bf.the evening. .Mr. Clark, who replac-
en'Mr. Blake, is also a noteworthy ad :
dUion;t<f the Fischer forces. He sings
.'a 1 fine song, 'and has dash and ease"and
good ."stage" presence. ; Miss Hull "also
has, : a ; very; prettily set r song,- t'Star/.
light,'-' and" the rest of the act Is thor
oughly, enjoyable.- .The .famous-/'Ra
dium" dance,. .owing to " a ." breakdown'
of the .machinery,' was 'not given 'and
will not be -put" pn until -next '.Sunday
night. "The singers «were laden' with
flowers. •'.¦.¦¦•'•• ' "
Mr. Judson C. Brusie, who is the au
thor of "U.- S.," has not kept on his
"I. O. U." level, nor was the new com
pany able to fill up the gaps. Pointless,
weatherworn as tq fun, and with not
even the hemi-demi-semi realism im
perative even to 'the elastic illusion of
burlesque, the whole act left one bored.
It had moments, however. MJss
Aug's French song was mildly good,
but set me to fearing as to the fate of
my prophecy as to her hit. Ben Dillon,
who 'was thunderously welcomed, also
distinguished himself by the shortest
speech on record in reply — "Thanks."
Then Roy Alton showed a pleasant
tenor in "The Sweet Ambered Juice"—
whatever that may be. (You drink it
in cups.)
Fischer's new dancers, the Garrity
sisters, also debuted — as Blanche
Bates would have said if she had
thought 'of. it. They are asrile.if not
particularly graceful, as their kind
runs to at the moment, and they do
not suggest the necessity of a head
rest, as pretty Hope and Emerson
sometimes . did. > No doubt f they
would seem more graceful If they did
not sing. They trv to, and one feels
that they are really givinp enough for
the money without. The climax of the
act Is finished by the appearance of
Miss Caroline Hull, the current lead
ing lady, in "Look Out for the Coon in
the Moon." Nor did Miss Hull make a
deep, deep mark on things. The ne>
leading lady has a basso contralto, and
rather vague ideas as to tts use. but she
has again something of the aplomb and
presence that made Maude Amber such
a useful person for the position.
As to the Dutch and Hebrew combi
nation, up to date the bone and sinew
of the Fischer organization, Mr. Brusie
gave. them nothing worth doing. And
the combination Is a new one. As Mr.
Clark sang, "We have two Jews and
one . Dutchman." Al Fields, . well
known In Orpheum circle's, has the part
of .the long;Dutchman'and.Torke. and
Adams V are -the • two ;•¦ .Hebrews, ' and
%yorth. t about .orie t Bernard. ;.; ', ' •. . [\ • • •
," But" the- story .'of the" second :act: is
other /than -.this. ." .With"., it " comes .: the
tale l ; of/ione .-. of ".the . largest .'Individual
successes : Fischer's ' has' known V In : that \
of :. Miss :'.Edna;- : Aug.-.-: Miss :* Aug.'.-; for
.whdrn'.Mr/'Brusle' has neglected to pro-"
vide* a- part ; of {any. size,, has a specialty
In .whlch'.sh'e imitates .Anna Held to" the'
last -'seductive • shrug': of .•'.tha # t-,' pocket
Vhaf rnerv" docs j a •' tough'- girl * w!th - : the'
fun" and •• aplomb -of a Phil May draw-"
ing.;' and ¦: scrubs'.. Mr. :.' Friediander's"
etage; with complete illusion. • "• ' '. : ....
It looked at the end of the first act
of ".U.'S." last night, rather as though
the new exits were about the nicest
things about Fischer's reopening. The
exits are all there. In fact the frpnt
of the house is all exit. The theater
can, it is claimed, be emptied in two
and a half minutes. And it was only
the hope that springs eternal that pre
vented a sudden jam on the O'Farrell
street sidewalk last night. A large
house, of cours'e, attended the reopen
ing of the burlesqueries. TPiece, com
pany and part of the theater were
new, and Fischer's has a faithful con
gregation. But this,, and the two hun
dred and fifty new members that the
enlargement of the theater permits,
were unable to make the piece go as
to its first installment.
With his brother, Martin left home
February 19, expecting to return in
two or three days. The peculiar ac
tions of his dog: "were responsible for
the finding of the body by M. T. Jones,
who was fishing in Dickey River. He
followed the dog a few rods into the
woods and soon came upon the body.
The cane- of the dying man had drop
ped- and lay at his feet. A few yards
away was a cave scooped out under
a fallen log where Martin Ertle had
probably epent the night before his
death.
TACOMA. May 2?.— Martin and John
Ertle perished in February of hunger
and exposure in the Qulllayute forest
of Clallam County. They owned a
rench near the Mora postomce, went
out hunting and never returned.
The body of Martin Ertle was found
Bitting upright against a hemlock tree
on the banks of Dickey River. He had
evidently become lost, sat down ex
hausted and died from hunger. The
body of John Ertle is Bald to have
been located.
Special Dispat.nh to The Call.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's steamer Curacao arrived In port
yesterday. Captain R. J. Paulsen re
ports that the voyage was uneventful.
The Curacao bring? 900 tons of freight.
Including ore valued at $50,000, $55,000 in
bullion and sixty-flve great, big. fat,
juicy turtles. She was eleven days from
Guaymas and forty-seven hours from
Ensenada. She left here on May ?. and
was consequently twenty-three days in
making the round trip.
Among her passengers were a num
ber of mining men from southern ports.
Following is a list of first-class pas
sengers:
W. W. Rose and wife. Miss Kate Freese.
Colonel L. Ginger. Miss Bonnie Glnser, Charles
Ward and wife, H. D. Becker, Daniel Bosqui.
Harrison Dibble. B. C. Thurston. E. P. May.
D. S. Cone. David Hoye, C. H. Poyrler, Pedro
C. Esplnoza. Irene Esplnoza. H. de E. Agulrre.
Marie Alexander, R. H. Langham. A. P. Field.
Antonla A. Bsnzan. Alfred Benzan, Maria F.
Benzan. Eli Fuller Manuel Gonzales. A. R.
Pedran. Pedro Pedran. Pedro Zaneto. Juan
Chong.
Oliver Morosco Company
Opens Summer Season at
California— Other Bills
Two Girls Are Inveighled
From Home to Join Theat
rical Company in Spokane
Actions of a Faithful
Dog Lead to the Dis
covery of a Lifeless Man
RUNAWAY ON COLUMBIA
"GISMONDA" AT GEAND
BODY NEAH A HEMLOCK
Steamship Curacao Arrives
From the South With Bul
lion and Choice Edibles
Prove the Most Popular In
novation at First Night
at Fischer's Theater
Eancliers in Washington
Start on a Hunting Trip
and Perish From Hunger
.• -The.. French, torpedo transport
Foudre .left -.Toulon April 23 for the
•Asiatic station, carrying three torpedo
vedettes for service in Chinese waters.
These boats are 60 fe<»t in length. 8.5
feet beam, and, drawing 4 feet Jl
inches, displace 14.6 tons. The en
gines are of 250 horsepower, develop
ing a speed of seventeen knots, under
which their coal supply of nine tons
will last for forty-three knots. The
boats have one torpedo tube and carry
one officer and six men. Nine of these
boats were built by Creujzot in 1890-94.
The Foudre was built in 1895 to cor
respond with • the British torpedo
transport Vulcan. • She is of 6086 tons
and about eighteen knots speed. The
ship can carry ten sixty-feet vedettes,
or small torpedo-boats, on galiows
frames^ and has her workshops and
machine tools for, Repairs of torpedo
appliances. Torpedoes, mines and ex
plosives are stowed lu storerooms un
der a protective deck 4.6 inches thick
on the slopes and 2.6 inches on the
flatj^ and . large subdivided cofferdams
are built around the sides. The Foudre
is well adapted for the service intend
ed and the idea of transforming her
into a cruiser some years ago was
abandoned, as the lofty and unpro
tected sides would have made a failure
for cruising and fighting purposes.
There is a case before the United
States Supreme Court, which, if decided
adversely to the Navy Department, is'
likely to. cost this country several mil
lions of dollars. John Smith, an en
listed man, was tried ana convicted
by courtmartial, and part of his sen
tence was. forfeiture of pay. He "sued
in the Court of Claims for the loss of
pay and got judgment on the grounds
that the sentence was illegal because
he had not been furnisned with the
charges and specifications at the time
of his arrest, as prescribed by the Re
vised Statutes and paragraph 1839 of
the Navy Regulations. John Smith
was not furnished with the charges
until four days before his trial. The
object of the'law, which is to give the
accused opportunity. to prepare his de
fense, was thus defeated through the
ignorance or. arbitrariness of the court,
and it is * feared that a large
number of officers and enlisted men
have been . courtmartialed during the
past forty years whose cases are simi
lar to that of John Smith. The' hear
ing comes up before the Supreme Court
during the October term.
CARGO OF :. TORPEDO BOATS.
The annual cost fit maintaining a
battleship of the Albion class, which is
of 13,000 tons, in commission is about
$470,000, made up as follows: Pay of
officers and crew, $202,000; provisions.
$73,100; ! coal. $119,000; stores and re
pairs, $48,000, and, ordnance, $27,900.
The corresponding cost of the Illinois
in the United States navy is as fol
lows: Pay of officers and crew, $259.
000; provisions, $67,000; coal, .$62,000;
stores and repairs, $40,000; ordnance,
$33,000, making a total of $461,000. The
cost of commission varies, of course,
according to the service of the ship,
but, judging from the expenditure of
coal, it is quite apparent that , the
British battleship spends more time at
sea than the American ship. The
highest coal bill during 1902-03 of any
United States vessel of war was that
of the armored cruiser New York of
about $100,000.
The British cruiser Medea is still
carrying out the competitive trials of
the Yarrow boilers, with which she is
fitted, against the Durr boilers in the
Medusa. The Medea's latest perform
ances under service conditions was a
trip from Portsmouth to Gibraltar at
its highest speed, which was made at
an average of twenty knots. On the
return voyage the ship encountered a
heavy storm in the Bay of Biscay,
which reduced her average hours' run
to 16% knots! The Medea and three
others of the same type, were built in
1888, but none of them came up to the
calculated speed of twenty knots dur
ing the, four hours' -steam trial : and
the - highest." speed reached 'was only
eighteen;. knots.\ The", performance .of
the. Medea in; averaging .'twenty .'knots
lna.run*ofbver;12po miles;co"nclusiye- ;
ly:proves ".that - the. : previous Xhortcq'm-
Ing:was' ; npt\due to defectsjinlthe. hull,
as "was ; asserted,:- but -because 'of/ lack'
of 1 sufficient "„ boiler •"power,:' as '. the.'old
engines ystiirremaln'.lri.'the ship.* ..." ¦
; ,,v An"-'Austriah'. monitor-named -Bodreg
-wan '-'launched Z.atT Budapest /.April 12,
and - : Is .' intended •• for f service :. on.' the
Donau of , 400
•tons?.* displacement;'- ."• 1 8 3.73 ; feet : in
length;- ,30.8 4 'feet -beam'^and. draws 3
feet. ll\,lrichcs;';.''/rh*e:!'cnglnes : are of
1400 > horsepower. ; toVgiye;:'a -'speed of
eleven" :' knots.".*-; Its : armament', consis ts
.of "two r ,4.7.-Iiichl guns'.ln.bdrbettes,' one
4.7rinch' : . howitzer • and '¦ three' machine
guns". /¦•¦¦%':.-yv''.'.'.y'.' : ..••¦.•;.¦.;¦•;¦•.: ... '
# V Tlie'^French /submarine.;. boat . Otarie
was' launched 'at' Roch'efort! ! dockyards
.April'.;? 5;,;-.Trie;..bqat". is-:bf . sixty-eight
ton's V. displacement^': similar to the
">»a!ade";type.'- of /which twenty are un
d'erl-'cohstructlon.; .-."•
, The two battleships building in Eng
land for the Japanese navy have been
named Katori and Kashima. Their ar
mament is to consist of four 12-inch
guns, two in each turret forward and
aft; four 10-inch, placed singly in tur
rets-in the broadside; twelve 6-inch,
of which ten are in the citadel and two
on the upper deck. The secondary
battery is composed of twelve 12
pounders, three 3-pounders and six ma
chine guns. The elevation of the 12
inch guns is 26 feet above the water
line, the 10-inch guns are 22 feet and
the 6-inch battery guns are at a height
of 13 feet 2 inches. The projectiles
weigh 850, 500 and 100 pounds, in the
order named. ' The- weight of the
12-inch gun, of 4 6.7 caliber length, is
59 tons; that of the 10-inch is 30 tons,
and the 6-inch gun, of 47 caliber
length weigh 8Va tons each. The tor
pedo outfit consists of five under-water
tubes, and in addition provision Is
made for carrying two 56-foot torpedo
boats in cradles.
MAINTENANCE OP WARSHIPS.
A. torpedo boat destroyed was seized
by the British Government at Palmer's
yard, .Yarrow-on-the^Tyne, on Hay 6.
it being feared that the boat was about
to be sold to' either Japan or Russia.
The commissioner of customs is keep
ing a sharp lookout for all vessels that
are suitable for war purposes in order
not to experience a repetition of the
Alabama award by which England had
to pay $16,000,000 for its violation of the
neutrality laws. The boat seized was
built on speculation, five of the type
having been constructed for the Brit
ish navy two years ago. The Admi
ralty then changed the type from 30
knots to 25% knots and the boat was
awaiting a foreign purchaser. It is
conceded, however, that the Govern
ment will pay for the boat it has con
fiscated.
BRINGS TURTLES
FOR EPICURES
EXITS USEFUL
AT REOPENING
BRITISH SEIZE
A DESTROYER AT
PALMER'S YARD
BROTHERS DIE
IN A FOREST
THE SAN FRANGISGO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 30, 1904.
10
ROOMS TO LET— Fors. asd Cnfnra.
THE FAUSOfJTH. 1 1049 A Market at.— -Sunny
rocms: hot and cold water: elevator; %2 to Ft.
UNITED KYATES. 123 Ec dy.. near Market— 4O0
««aif. 55c to *1 hi**t. H-A t° * G wet *: elec -
' tr'.c litf.ts <no emfl. rut-.rJnp water in every
rt<cm; Hrr&tor.rcad.-roouc: iree bus: nagrrage.
vXx n!3S5 ave.. 512— New lurnished front
"room Tor on- or two cent*; tnodern: «.iso
reams) "AW light housekef pin* ; rrivat^ house.
V.TflTE plar* •". otl Jcnes. bet. Sutter and
. Bush— Fnrnlsaed mom?, gipglf or en gutte.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 4. 3d ft., near Market—
Meet convenient ar-d respectable : iOO rooms;
::Sc tr SI SO rijrbt; C-2 to $S week; elevator:
tlec. Hebts: re»din$;-room: free bus: baggage.
V.'OI F House 202 Sixth St. — Rooms from 16o
•o * 1 r^r n'Jrht and from 90c to $5 per week.
VAN~XKSS. fOO— Desirable «unry rocm for 2;
also t.t:.z> roctns with board.
,\: vnTITIsnurNTS. subscriptions received at ,
i""«!i*tr;i!'"h oriice. cor. 'Duncan fc Church «ts.
ROOMS AM» BOARD.
CT:ChT. Mil, Uot'l L'Alilon— Family rooms
crA lH-*id; entire! y renovated: rea*. prices.
Ji \nrUi' r 'N, o"0 — Gord beard and rooms at
y. V.) iov gir'.s; piano: home comforts.
!"\\"AnU MIA — Flrst-clasa board and room,
? ir;r> rr double. *5-J6 wk.; American family.
FrTrnn. C14— Wen rr.ir.ster — F1rwt-c>?s rooms
rr.d board: rea cor. able. j
WILT, bctrd a partv of stuflents at ?12 per
¦•".;"'. h ''00 Harrison et.
VALENCIA rBO 'Fnrntsiirfl rooms, with of
rrl'Jboa boerrt. MRf. ARDLE. j
WIDOW -..'fhes to take cxre of child. 409A
Orta»ia Et.
ttOOMS AM) BOARD. WASTED,
VOL'NG Js'ly poir.g to school wishes noom and
r..u ir.c3U a <3ay !n trlvate family; must
". v ; ; "K» Jn «;iik!n:: distance of Emporium: only
:!i-re *vi-.h ;ir*t-clr.5« references will be con-
: l<t-red; ?ta:r terms. Box 4lM. Call efflce.
11.'.:-.' fcivi wife would l>k» room and beard in
¦\ bcsrdiriK-fccu&e or a rice, quiet fam-
Vy sunny, well-fam'.shed rooms des'.red,
•v:h fi:*t-t3a*s table. 1'ox 3Tt*. <'«J1 office.
T'.VNi: :r.ar; "Jt-sireE «ocm and board (2 meal* >
in nr^vate family where there 1« sociability;
- "!«;!¦:' yta.e terms and conveniences. Box
•*::. Cal! I
Board :ir.d room wanted by aincle gentle-
maa. F-<w. filO. Cal! office.
BVTTT; at n^irs. and board wanted by man
ima wife and little girl. Bex 1T7. Call office.
HSGLC room with bosrd desired for lady;
• er facet txeSiancred. Bex TOO. Call office
WANTED — A trr.al! furriehed room for a sln-
»;!¦• lady: nrivatp family. Apply 567 Bryant.
HOOMS WASTED.
VOCXO :v.a:i wishes rocm with German fam-
llj trbcra. he can keep two doss. Box 664,
'Tall off.rc. . - :.-
ST«(KS .%>'D nOXDS FOR SALE.
DO ysm want «m:e stock in the Oakland Cre-
i.i«tr'->- Hnd <".oluujbP.rium? Fmyti 14 per cent
r.n<i~nr:s. W. E. BERNARD. 476 Tenth et..
Oakland.
-nflKIlIXO AXD 3TAMMERIVG.
rJELBOUJlNE Institute. Van Ness & Market.
promise* cure if in fair health: hours 1 to 5.
TVPEIVKITEIIS AXD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
hmith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
Hg! : er ard lower prices; rentals S2 50. The
TjjiemntUgsj Eschaiige, 536 California st.
A FEW good ypewrlters at $30 each: get par-
:ir U :»rE ci L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
»;on^erj- tt.
2I'-IIAXlJ UptWlfBcn eold. rented, repaired.
Webster T>-rewritfr In^pec. Co.. BOS Market.
DIVIDKXD 5OT1CES.
SA% r FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, r-ih floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 708 Market St.. opposite Third-
Far the half vea.- *cd^ig Sl*t of December.
IS03. a dividend has been declared at the
r; ;<¦¦ per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital Etock and participating certlnea.tea.
?r<?« of taxe*. payable on acd after SATUR-
DXY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARP, Mar*ger. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
LEGAL AD VUlfi ISKMKXTS.
SfUTlCE — Olflce cf Insurance Commiatiloner.
?s.n Francisoo. Cal.. May 11. 1904— Having
ascertained tfc&t the capital etock of the
'¦¦ t..' ¦:¦ Surety and Guaranty Company has
become impaired, and that said company lias"
twecme Iceclvent within the true intent scd
nfeanlcg of tb* insurance laws of the State
of Cfcli:orn:a. I have tbls day revoked Its
ctrtlflcate of authority, previously granted.
*¦ rrovided In section. ' 600 cf the Political
CcxJe, and notice ii hereby given that aald
ccrcpa'jv is no-loni^r authorized to transact
the buatneas cf insurance within this State.
E. MYKON WOLF. Insurance Corrmlai'loner.
' _c TffABEHOPBES. •
IIXjK fALE OK TO IJC.A.'JE..
Lot EJid 4-ttoty warehouse, 45:10x120;
Fb^rt bl<x-k from S. P. freight sheds; apply
' is pTT-.'.gt-s. i;; U'.uxotS" gt.. b€t. 4th and 5th.
I'WOl'OSALS.. -
i'KOi'UbALe — UlliS WANTED — Notice la
hereby that scaled t^xposa.ls will be
• ¦•:¦.• d by tte board of directors of the
Veterans' Home ot California, at its offif?,
T'oom 13. 31*0 £&nsome St., San Francisco.
«*1.. up U> 11 o'clock a. in.. Saturday, June
m.t. 1&04. and opened immediately thereatter
in the j;rf*ence of tldders, for furnishing I
and . dcUveriESt quartermaster aid commis-
tary supplies, etc, lor tho Veterans' Hume,
:..j»a County. C&Iifomia <i-al)road station
. YountvilU:), f. o t». for tix months, com-
ineccinfc 5uly 1. 10i>4, and ending December
2L i>.'4. t-- h.cu'. with Information and in-
structions lor .eutjr.itUnx bids will be fur-
nished upori application by the undersigned.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
* cf ; n. schedules, and no bid will be cccsid-
ercd unless it i» in accordance with kucq
vsttedulec. Bidz on tea. coffee and FUg&r
eirit bt made on eamples eubmitted.
','.:.¦• bidder rr.utt accomp&ny his bid with ji
«jertiScd it"'i uson some well-known and
responsible banking bcuae for at least 10 per
. r,t of the amount of his bid. payable to C.
iUf.i. Kinne. tieasurur. coaditiooed that
the bidder will enter* into. a good and valid
contract up-'a notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. Tlie ba&vi. reserves the right
to reject any or ill bids and to order any
(jus nitty over or ilnder the amount of speo-
-..-. i. Address Jchn F. Sheehan. secretary of
!be Board of Directors of th-» Veterans'
. . n.»- oi Ca!ifcrnla. room 13, 320 Saoaoroo
et.. .-an Fr&.tM.*tfeCo. Cal. By order of tha
board of directors. JO1JIX F.' KHEEHAK,
t-tcretaxy. • " ¦
HOTICE to bidders— Sealed proposals will be
receivea until June 21. 1JKJ4. at 7:30 o'clock
p. m., by the Council of tWe Cityof Eureka
tor $50u0 4V» per cent Forest Park improve-
• mew boRds; $1OU,<X)U *>& per cc«t City Hall
bond?: $15.<H)p 4Vi Epr cent flre apparatuj
iurcha*e txm'ds. a£u $S5.000 *% per cent
tt-wr-r t-omplejtSon .bonds, issued, by tbe city
'of Eureka under the act of the Legislature'
of 'iht Slate cf California of February 25
' 1S01 (Btatut^s 1801, pace 27). They will be in
denomination as follows: Forejt Park lm-
t'tftveme&t fends.' $125; City Hall- bonds.
J*Xt; fire apparatus purchase bonds. $37&.
t-.n aewer completion bonds; $87&; said bonds
will be dated on or after July 1. 1904. Prin-
cipal and interest payable it the office of
the City TmAMurer of the city of Eureka.
Jnierefct payable eem'l-annuaZJy. one-fortieth
•if principal payable annually, all io United
Hate* gold «oln. .All bids must b« accompa-
•* » icd by a certified check for & per cent of
tbe bid pej-ablt to the Mayor of the city of
Eureka. State of California. The city of
Xureka contains a population of 11.0OO, as-
mm*~-. v*1u»tion $5,S<>o.<H(o. with preaent
Ncoded ln<Jebt«>dne«e or $108,250. Incurred in
_WO2. J..P. WUNDEnLICH. City Clerk.
fl:OPOSAL6 will be received at the Bureau
. of t-upi.liff and Accounts, Navy Depurt-
inpnt, W s--htngton, V. C. until 12 o'clock
n<xm. June 22. 19(H. isnd publicly opened lm-
n^iJIalPly tb<rcafter, to fumlrh at the Navy
vnrd. Mare Island. OI., a quantity of ma-
,<-Mtie too;?, «>tc.. comprisins* lathea, grinders,
• vans. «iiv tables, shaners. hand Jointer
nioWinr and cutting ciachinpn. nut tapiier'
i»nrh drill*, steam g1u« hi»ater and forged
t-tcH tall nhart. Black proposals will be
juniislied upon. application to- the Navy Pay
<>;fic*, San Franrlfico. Cal., or to the Bu-
iran. IJ. T. B. HARRIS. Paymaster Gen-
*rml. TT. 8. N. 5-18-04.
AUCTION sale — Office General 6up»rintrnd»>nt
Army Transport Service. Sun Kranclaco, Cal ',
M*v 27, 1U04. — There will be sold at_publlc
\> t.m-tinn, at 1! o'clock «, in., Jur.»> 7,1304. at
J'v-lMim-ft. wharf, a lot of mls'"-ellaneuu8 con-
CwnntA quarterniaster's stores, a list cf
t. hiUi can be »een at Folsom-st. wharf.
C» A.-DKVOU
Major and Quartermaster. IJ. R. A. . '
EIRTHS—MBEIAQES— DEATHS. ;
l.ir:!j. tniirrtase and death notices sent by
mull will not I* inserted 1 . Thty murt be handed
!n.«.t either «< the publication offices and be
.iidoi-MMl with the name and residence of per-
»^..s authorized to have tb* fame published.
..votk-e* reetricttd eimply U> the asnouncement
cr th» «ver.t ure published once In this column
7r»-» of chare". ...
nri.TOX— in Alaro»da, Mcy 25. 1904. to tb«r
vriTf of Optaln O. Fulton., a son
the wife cf John F. MakowtW. a eon.
ADCTION SALES
GO-AUCTION SALE -60
Sixty head of DRIVINO. WORK and DRAFT
HORSES from Yolo County, Cat., wetghin;;
'from 10CO to 1600 pounds. Very few of this lot
will weigh less than 11C0 pounds. Ten head
halter broken; fifty head broken. In good order
and ready for work.
They are suitable for all purpose*, from milk
wagons to trucks. Also stylish driving horse,
8 years. 10 hands. 1150 pounds.
An inspection ¦ by prospective buyers is In-
vited.
Sale Takes FIac«
TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1914, AT 8 P. M.
At Salesyard, 1732 MARKET ST.. near Van
Ness Ave., San Francisco.
Horses at Yard. Sunday, May 29.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
fe HORSES! HORSES! fe
On Tuesday. May 31. at 11 o'clock, at J. B.
HOBJLN'S SALES YARDS, cor. 10th and
Bryant Sts.. I will sell 163 head of tha
choicest young hcrses and mares that hav»
been offered on this market in many a day.
They ara solid blocks, weighing from 100O to
1500, from 2 to 7 years old. This Is an op-
portunity seldom offered to intending pur-
chasers to get choice young stock at their
own prices. This sale la called by order of
Mr. John Patterson of Rsno. Nev., and it ts
a well-known fact b« haa neither spared Mm*
nor expense in selecting the sires and dams
of th« young horses to ba disposed of oa
next Tuesday to the highest bidder.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
N. B. — I also have 5O head ef 2 and 3 year
old mules and SO head of young marcs wltn
well bred colts by their sides thit I must
dispose of before June 10. For further par-
ticulars call on or address 8. WATKINS, offtca
122 Grove street. Phone South 20.
. AUCTION SALE
The Public and Buyers of S&tf Francisco:
Buy to-night's Post and read my advertise-
ment: then come to my sale
TUESDAY. JUNE 14, 11 A. M.. RUSS HOUSS
Yours under the hammer.
V. H. L. WOOD. ,
T ''¦ --- "Good Goods."
£a> £i» &fc
JUST ARRIVED AND MUST BE SOLD, %
lot of good gentle horses; also wagons, surrt*s
and carts, single and double harness, at 1140
Folsom st.. TUESDAY, Majr 31. 11 a. m.
WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer. .
Jt3& £*
AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSB
MARKET. 827 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY.
June 1. at 11 a. m. I will sell fifty good hors«s.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
dIed. '
Bettencourt. Jos. M. McDermott. Robert
Campbell, John H Pettis. Mary E.
Cook, F. Thomas H. Heed. Sarah Bella
Cooney. James Ribble. Jacob M.
Koiey. John * Rogers. Philip
Flood. George W. • Rutherford. George
Gleason, John Sale?. Frank W.
Hennlng. Mary Fl!a Sc«ey. Catherine. A,
Johnson James H. Simmons, Marie-
Kelly. Catherine ¦ Somps. Pierre G.
Kelly Morris Vironda, Pietro
Matthey. Robert Weed, William W.
BETTENCOURT— In this city. May 27. 1904,
Joseph Miguel Bettencourt, dearly beloved
brother of Manutl M. Bettencourt. a native
of Portugal, aged 42 years u months and S
days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
¦ May 30, at 8:45 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of laccherl. Duclos & Co., 629 Broad-
way. th«nce to St. Francis Church, where a
mass will be eaid for the repcse of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Croas Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In this city. May 28, 1904, at
his residence, 1428 Pacific street, John
Holmes, beloved husband of Jchanna W.
Campbell.- and father of Robert E..*John J.
and Victoria Campbell and Mrs. Joseph Oi
Granville, a native of Edinburgh. Scotland;
aired 63 years 9 months and 13 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlud to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), ot 8:30 o'clock, from the chapel
of Charles II. J. Truman & Co., 1900 Mis-
sion e-treet, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth, thence to Mission Dolores Church
corner Sixteenth and Dolores streets, where
rervlces will be held, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriage.
COOK— In this city May 2S, 1904. F. Thomas
Holmes Cook, beloved husband of the lata
Catherine Cook, and father of Mrs. G. D.
Harper. Fred Cook, Mrs. W. G. Chronister
and Charles, Harry and John Cook, a native
of England, aged 74 years 9 months and 16
day*.
E7The funeral services will be held to-
day (Monday), at 1 :30 o'clock, at the.
parlors of Halsted ft Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment C>press Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric car from Eighteenth _and Guerrero
streets.
COONEY— In this city. May 28. 1904, James
Cooney. a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aged <J5 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tupeday). at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Moaahan. O'Hara & Co.. 2330-41 Mission
street, near Nineteenth, thence to St. Charles
BoiTomeo's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FOLEY — In this city. May 2». 1804, John
Foley. aged 35 yeare.
FLOOD— In Los Angeles. May 29, 1904 (oi
heart failure). George W. Flood, beloved
son of Edward and the late Mary Flood, a
native of San Francisco. ,
GLEASON— In this city. May 29. 1904. John
Gleason. a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
KENNING— In this city. May Si. 1904, Mary
Ella Hccning, beloved daughter of Hannah
and John Kenning, and s:sier of Mrs. T.
Dwyer and Harry. George and Herbert.
Hennlng. a native of San Francisco, aged
17 years 10 months and 23 eayc.
C7 Remains at the funeral parlors ot
James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy street.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
JOHNSON— In this city. May 23, 1904. James
H.. beloved husband of Guadaloupe C. John-
•*on. and father of Howard and Ucilla John-
?on. a native of California, aged 38 yeai>
U months and 9 days.
KELLY— In thin city. May 29. 1904, Catherine,
dearly beloved wife of Michael Kelly, and
mother of James J., Thomas. Michael Jr. and
John Kelly and Mrs. Kate Rennlson a na-
tive of Kings County. Ireland, aged 64 yean
10 months and 14 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Tu*3day). May SI. at S:30 o'clock, from the
residence of her »on. 2224 Greenwich street,
between Flllmore and Steiner. thence to the
Church of St. Vincent de Paul, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, May 29 1904 Morria
Kelly, brother of.the late Mre. Roger Fitz-
pairlck. and couein of Michael Powers, *
native of County Tipperary. Ireland, aged
65 year*. <"
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the' parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth, j
thence of Et. Tereea's Church, .. where a're-j
quiem high mass will be celebrated- for th* '
repose of his ecjul at 9 o'clock. . Interment i
IU>ly Cross Cemetery. ;,'.• o ; ...--.
MATTHEY — Entered into rest. ! in' this city/
May 28, 1!K>4,: Robert, beloved . husband • of
Bertha Matthey. . and father of ' Robert " Mat-.'
they Jr. and Mre. H. Lazare, a .native, of'
Germany, aged 4S years 1- month and'2'dayb.'
A member of .Valley.Lodjre.No. 30, A." O.'
U. w. • ¦.•.'•••:.
C7"The funeral will be. -held . to-day.
(Monday), at . 2 :30 o'clock" ¦ from the • . parlors
of II. F. Suhr & Co.'. 1137 Mission street.'
between Seventh and Eighth. ' Interment
etrictlf private. Please omit flowers. • * • •
McDERMOTT— In this city. May 29. 1904. at
673A Cleme-ntlna street. Robert A., beloved
sou of Catherine and the late Robert Mc-
Dennott. and brother -of Jonn. Annie and
Jennie McDennott, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years and 6 months.
PETTIS— In thie city. May 28. 1904. Mary E.
Petti*, beloved grandmother of Mrs. Charles
A. Murray, mother of the late Mrs. Ida
Ellen Emery, and beloved great-grandmother
cf Florence I., Llllle J.. Irvln A., Francis E.
and the late Chajles B. Murray, a native of I
Salem, Maes., agrd 77 years 2 months and |
S days. A member of .Seven Pines Circle
No. 3. Ladies cf G. A. R.
Mpmbers of Seven Pines .Circle No. 3.
Ladies of G. A. R., are requested to attend
. the funeral of our late sister. Mary E. Petti*,
from her late residence, 3 Cleveland street, |
Monday. May 30. at 2 o'clock. By order of
HENRIETTE HOWE. President.
ANNIE M. PHILLIPS, Secretary.
REED— In Oakland. May 28, 1904, at 1218
Clay street. Sarah Belle Reed, a native of
New Terk. >y
RIBBLE— In this city. May 2R. 1004. Jacob
Morse Rlbbin; beloved husband of Busie M.
• Ribb!i\ and father of Mrs. Eva Marcus. N.
G. Ribble. Mm. M. A. Leach and W. C.
RibWe. a native of Elmfra.'N. Y.. aged 73
years 7 months and 4 days.
CyFrlend8 aad acquaintances are respect-
! ¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-day ¦
(Mor.day). at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Portrr & White, 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
•ROGERS— In Berkeley. May 29. 1901, Philip,
beloved husba!nd of Alary Rogers, a native of |
Ireland aged 70 years.
RUTHERFORD— In Oakland. May 29 1904.
George W. H.. beloved eon of William F.
and* Josephine E. Rutherford, a native of
Oakland, aged 10 years- 5 months and -25
days. • > ' '
BALES— In this city, May 29. 1904 ' (of
diphtheria). Frank William, beloved «on
of Thomas J. and Kathrine fialec. a native
of Ban Francisco, aged 4 years 1. month ana I
2 bays.
BEELEY — In this city. May 2*», 1904. Cath-
i erlni Ann, bfloved wife of the late Charles
M. Steley, mother of the late Mrs Frances
M. Dahlen. and grandmother of Mrs. John
. Lowry and Theresa Daiilen, a native of
Connecticut, aged 78 years 4 months and 8
' days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
fTueeday). May 31. at 11:30 o'clock, rrom
bcr late residence. IO00 Washington street,
corner Powell' Interment Mountain -View
Cemetery, Oakland, via 1 o'clock creek route
boat.
SJMMQNS— In 'this city. May 29, 1904. Marie,
beloved daughter of Edward and Alma Sim-
tnons. and sister of Raymond, Grace and
Oeorgrs Simmons, a native of fan Francisco,
aged 2 rears 7 -months and 19 days.
6OMPS— In this city. May 29, 1904, Pierre G.
tfomps, beloved husband jof Pauline E.
Somps, and loving father or the late Smile
F. SompB, a native of France, aged 67 years
11 months and 26 days. .
C7Prlen<5g and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited tq attend the funeral Wednes-
day, June 1. at 9:30 o'clock, from the Claren-
don Hotel. 643 Post street, thence to French
Church of Notre Oame des Vlctolres. where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose. 'of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
VIRONDA— In Oakland. Ayr 25 190>4, Pietro
Virdnda, a native of Italy; aged 43 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) afternoon. May 31. at 2 o'clock,
from ¦ the- parlors of Albert Brown, 672 Thir-
teenth ittreet, Oakland. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
webd— In this city. May 29. 1904. William
W., beloved husbacd of Stella Weed, and
fether of Goldle. Precious and Willie Weed,"
beloved son of Rebecca Weed, and brother
of Samuel W'eod, a nativn of Evansville,
Ind.. aged 37 y»ars 3 months and 0 days.
James McGinn. Heory~Hansen. 1
JAMES McGINN & CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers— —
214 Eddy st. : Tel. South 078.
— ii . . m ,..»¦ ¦»¦- iOrslna vs. Balendlne; Donnybrook vs. Texas
Mlgnon; . Rolling Boer vs. Aurella; : Charter
Member ; vs. Texaa Mamie; Rich Array . vs.
Forest Fire; Lily Wright v». Fancy Free;
Fontenoy vs. Frisky ! Boy; Algie McDonald vs.
Texaa Jill; Concord Tralee vs. General De
wet; Lord Granard vs. Toronto; Red Rock vs.
Una; Racing ¦ Auto vs. Texas Hoo Hoo; Fox
hunter vs. Haughty Helen; Ml Amjgo vs. Preg
reso;:. Ready Address . vs. Roy . Hughie; . Medley
Sixth race— One mile; th|ce-year>olds and
up; selling. ,
esi9 El Pilar. 107C?10 »FIor. Bella... On
CS21 Judge Voorh'«.110eS0l Cazador 10»
CM3 Mwr 1O7«;SW Little Secret. .105
<:S14 Brown Patsy.. 1 00 #> 15 *Mira'- Vcra.. .100
e*01 •Headwater ..1O2C838 Dandle Belle.. 105
6818 Prwtolus 107 CS22 Thaddeu* .... 107
•Apprentice allowance.
Fifth rae« — Six furlongs; three.year-old> and
up; selling.
e819 'Keogh 02 6818 'Romalne 109
«'JS17)5ut). Queen... 117 rsie •Northwest ..100
6S21 Rtpper lt9IS81«)*The Lleut'nt.102
UK04 H'ther Honey.lli(CSO.'f)Ked Tip 124
t*iC» My Surprise.. l!»t&12 'Nullah ......111
€817 •I'rleaUlke ...10>.
Fourth race — Six furlongs; three -year- olds
and up; selling. •
CX1C Tom Klngsley.l3UB73S)Frivolous 115
<>-19 Mtxtreas 115 e302 "Nanon ......124
C303 •EffcrvtECcnccll0eS02-Monieiuma ..120
6S16 The Pride.. ... Mi CS07 Jlur. 3 Tlme8..129
Third race— One Mile; four-year-old» and
up; selling.
€803 Assessment '...107 6S18 Solinus 107
«7B2 'Invlctus ...-.102 6821 Resigned ..... 05
8S23 »Yng Morello..llO«798 Artnur Ray.. .110
V<a Flourish 107«S15 "Mr. Dingle... 10t»
V--21 Tarragon 107 €821 Maude Brown. 05
Ct>12 •Klckumbob .'.102
Second race — Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse.
67C2 G. P McNear.lO>C78i Eon Ami 03
Ki7e2)Sea 'Air....... 105 C798 LJght of Day.. 105
PETALUMA, May 29.— The Kenil
worth Park meeting 1 will close to-mor
row, when an attractive card will be
presented. The entries follow:
First race^ — Five furlongs; four-} ear- o!ds
and up.
6815 Bt. Rica, 112 67« Master Ill
CS22 Breton ...112C823 Gibraltar 115
6778 Estado 1J2 C822 Magneton* ...110
*813 •Tom Fox 107 670* J. II. Bennett.112
€813 Victoria S....lluCS22 Blondura ....,110
6S09 •Conch* 105 C701 Gondolus 112
PETALUMA ENTRIES.
San Francisco will play two games with
Portland to-day before going to Los Angeles
for a week. The games will be called accord
ing to the usual Sunday schedule — at Oakland
this morning and at Recreation Park at 2:30
this afternoon. Dugdale may try a youngster
named Connor in the morning, but may decide
on Druhot. Jones will serve the slants for
the locals. In the afternoon Phil Knell will
oppose -«+ther Ike Butler or Ham Iburg.
San Francisco won its first Sunday game of
the season yesterday and Captain Irwin con
siders the hoodoo has been dispelled.
Umpire Tom Brown has been sent transpor
tation" to Washington. D. C. by President
Bert and will proceed West at once. Brown is
the famous player of former days who used to
speed around the bases In such rare form for
Oakland. In the last few seasons his connec
tion with baseball baa been confined to umpir
ing I nthe National League. Probably McDon
ald or Huston will retire when Brown arrives.
Massey will go to Los Angeles with the
locals, but will not be called upon to plajr ex
cept in case of emergency. His slowness
around the bag has not been offset by redeem
ing in the National League. Probably McDon
doomed. tor release. Personally Massey is a
crand chap, but -he does not " appear fast
enough for tbla league.
Manager Harrim, is delighted with Htnry
Reljz and with good cause. The reformed
player has done great service since his return.
Miller and Yerkes will not go on the trip.
The former Is confined to the house as a result
' of belnz struclc on the head with a pitched
ball and Yerkes is suffering from a slashed
flnsrer on his pitching hand, sustained while
shaving himself. » ; • . •
Notes of the Diamond.
First race — Sweet Note, Matt Wad-
Ieigh, Yellmantown.
Second race — Lady Idrls, Sharp
Bird, 7*iisbe.
Thii* r race — A Lady, Passive, Lim
ericl: Girl.
Fourth race— Ice Water, Hilee,
Schwnlbe.
Fifth race— King Ellsworth,- Har
makis, Barkley.
Sixth race — Never Such, Bessie Mc-
Carthy, Nettie Resent.
Seventh race — Martins, Floral
Wreath, Ireonia.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
The special event between . South
Side Jack ' O'Brien and Abe Label
promises to be almost as Interesting
as the main bout.
Walter Moreno and Joe Long, two
amateur heavy weights, will clash to
morrow night before the Bay City
Club at the Mechanics' Pavilion An
nex. The men are in good shape and
are evenly matched in every . particu
lar and much interest is centered in
the contest. Long is a slight favorite
in the betting, but there are many who
believe Moreno will be awarded the
decision after a hard contest.
Walter Moreno and Joe Ix>ng Are
* Carded for Bay City Club's
Main Event.
HEAVY WEIGHTS TO MEET
IN A FOUR-ROUND BOUT
in ths first inning with two men on
bases. In the third the locals opened
up on Overall arid drove him to the
bench. Jay Hughes was back iii the
game for the first time in several
weeks and 'had everything his own
way when hits meant runs.
In the morning game at Tacoma
Umpire O'Connell was chased off the
lot by an angry .crowd whose dis
pleasure he had incurred by calling a
hit made by Sheehan a foul. The ball
struck the left field fence Just inside
the pole, but the umpire could not
see it At this stage the Tigers were
making a hard up-hill fight and would
likely have won had the hit been al
lowed. Effan made two home runs.
Scores:
¦ Tacoma — . [ Seattle —
, AB.R. H. P.A. | AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle, rf 5 0 2 0 0 Mohlr, 2b 3 2 2 4 3
Eh'hn. 3b 4 2 12 OVanH, cf 4 3 3 2 0
Nrdyk.lb 5 1 2 5 0 Dlhty, 3b 4 2 10 2
liagan; s5 2 3 2 2 Frisk. If. 1 10 1 0
Lynch, cf 2 0 0 8 0 Smith, rf 6 1 2 1 0
Casey, 2b 3 0 1 3 4 Brshr, lb 4 0 1 0 0
M 1 Lgn..lf4 0 0 0 OR. Hall. s4 0 1 6 4
Grahm, c4 0 0 0 0 IJlkshp. c5 0 1 B 1
Ftzgrld.p 1 0 0 0 OC. Hall, p4 0 0 0 1
Galeskl, p 2 1 0 0 0,
- -¦ i Totals. 84 9 11 24 11
Totals. 35 0 9 2i 6'
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacotna 0 6 0 13 0 1 1— 6
Base hits 0 1 11 4 0 11— 9,
Seattle 2 0 3 2 0 0 2 0—9
Base hlta 30121 0 2 2—11
SUMMARY^
Errors — Delehanty (2); Brashear. Struck out
By Fitzgerald, 2; by Galeskl, 6; by Hall, 4.
Bases on ball*— By Fitzgerald, 3; by Galeskl.
4; by Hall. 5.- Hit by pitcher— By Fitzgerald.
8; by Galeskl, 1. Wild pitches — Fitzgerald, 3.
Home runs — Eagan (2), Van Haltrfln, Delehanty,
Smith. Double play — Casey to Eagan to Nor
dyko. . Left on bases— Tacoma 10. Seattle 12.
Hits — Off Fitzgerald, 4; off Galeekl, 7, Time
of ¦ game — Two hours and five minute*. Um
pires—Keefe. Williams and O'Connell.
AFTERNOON GAME.
Tacoma- I Beattle
, AB.R. H. P.A. ( AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle, rf fi 0 2 0 O.Mol'r. 2b 6 1 2 5 2
She'n, 3b 5 1 2 'i 'i- VanH, cf 5 1 3 2 0
N'Td'^lb 4 0-2 11^0iJ}el. 8b. 4 ••£', 3 S 1
Eagan.ss 4 6 2 0 6 Frisk. If. 2 2 0 2 0
L'nch, cf 8 0 1 5 1 Smith, rf4. 1 1 0 0
Casey 2t> 2 0 0 14 B'sh'r lb 3 119 0
M'Lgn, 1(9 0 1 2 . 0 Hall. Ba . 4 1 13-3
Grahm, c 4 0 0 3 c 4 0 12 1
Ovratl, p 1 0 0 0 OiHuhs. p. 4 1116
Kecfe, p. 4 010 1
— " — — — —I. Total* 85 10 IS 27 13
, Totals 38. 1 11 24 15. .,,
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle .......... 4 ; 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 x— 10
Hits 2 0 0*1 1 10 2 x— 13
Tacoma .........0 0 10 0 0*0 0 0—1
Hits ;..... ...".2 0 2 1 0.2.1 2 1—11
; \\ ¦-,'¦-. r SUMMARY. •' , -
Errors— Brashear, Hall, Eagan (2). Two
baso hits — Hall. . Mohler, Delehanty,
Lynch?" Home run— Brashear. Sacrifice hit—
Braehear. - Stolen base — Van Haltren. - Double
play — Hughes to Mohler to Brashear. - ' Bases
on balls— Off Overall X, off Keefe 2, off Hughes
8. -Hit by pitcher— By Overall 1. by Hughes 1.
Struck out— By Keefe 2, by. Hughes • 2. Wild
pitch— Keefe. . Hits— Oft Overall 5. off Keefe
8/ -. Lef t on bases — Seattle 6, Tacoma IS. Time
of game— Two hours. Attendance — 8000. .Um
pire — O'ConnelL / • , . ¦ ; V ; .-
SEATTLE, May 29. — Brashear put
the ball over the fence this afternoon
U3IPIRE O'CONNELIi ATTACKED.
(Somers and Hilee, Elliott entry; Ice Water
and Oray. Hayes entry.) »
Fifth race, one mile— Kin* Ellsworth 97,
Barkley (£. Hamiaki* 02.
' Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
BeMle McCarthy 109, Neversuch 103, Barca 101,
Nettie Regent 1C0.
Seventh race, seven furlongs, celling — Irby
Bennett 109. Conundrum 106, Ivernia. 104. Tom
Gllmore HA. Avoid 102. Zella Knight 09. Floral
Wreath 97. Ralph Young 94, Martlus 91, Do
llcda 87.
Weather clear; track fast.
Lou Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 x— 2
Hase hits 0 1 1; 0 1 1 8 O x— 7
Oakland :...O O OVO 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Bate hits. 1 10 0 0 10 0 1—4
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Ganley, Bernard, Spies. Er
rors — Schmidt, Schafley. Two-base hit — To
man. Sacrifice .hit — Bernard. First base on
error — Los Angelei 1. Left on bases — Los
Angeles 8. Oakland 2. Bases on balls — Off
Newton 2. off Schmidt 2. Double plays —
Chase to Toman, Toman to Flood to Chase.
Flood to Chane to Smith. Hit by pitched ball
— Smith. Time of game, 1:45. Umpire — Mc-
Donald.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNING3.
Puppy 'stake-
Second round — Stlngaree beat Queen's
Beauty 8-2; Propc beat Lady Kelp, 5-0; Si
lent Water beat Lady Royer, 9-4; Crolx D.
beat Casale W., 7-3; Good as Gold beat
Pasha -King, 0-6 ; : Bright Columbia beat Lady
Dorritt, 10-4. • - ¦ ¦
Third round — Proper beat Stlngaree, . 4-1;
Crolx D. beat Silent Water, 7-0; Bright Co
lumbia beat . Good as Gold, 14-7.
Fourth round — Croix D. beat Proper,- 5-3;
Bright Columbia, a bye. /
Deciding course — Croix D. withdrawn;
Bright Columbia wlna by default. fr
The Open Stake and the Puppy
Stake, of which the first course had
been run on Saturday, were run off.
The former went to Golden Feather
after a well-earned victory over Miss
Brummel, which had been the favor
ite from the op'enlng of the stake and
which went into the deciding courae
with the odds at 5 to 3. Both hounds
got away in great style and ran an
even race far up the field. Miss Brum
mel secured the turn, but her com
petitor developed a burst of speed
that decided the event, the score for
the course being 14 to 5. It was a
fine finish to a day of great sport. The
results in detail with Judge Thomas
Tierney's official scores follow: \
' Open stake: Second round — Real Duchess
beat Nellie M, 2&-7; Ploughman beat Equator,
4-3; Jerry Wright beat Idleness, 10-5; Sir Win
ton beat Jessie Dear. 7-4; Real Paoha beat
Pure Pearl. 14-9; Idaho Boy beat Fortuna An
gel. 8-1; Remlsso Animo beat Tralee Las*,
6-4; Golden Garter beat Lucky Shamrock,
18-7; Sofala beat Aggie W, 4-2; Imperious
beat Doc i Burns, 14-8; Golden Feather beat
Tobasco Hpb, 6-3; -Yellow Tail beat Dartaway.
13-J>; Prompto beat Articulate, 0-7; Mark
Twain beat Wattles, 11-6; Lulu Girl beat Mel
llnwood 6-0; Firm Fellow a bye; General Fre
mont beat Dear Gaston, 11-8: Miss Brummel
a bye; Conroy beat Rosina, 5-4; Peter Mcln
tyre beat Bob R 5-4; Haddlngton beat Wedge
wood, 5-2; Doreen beat Miss Lucille, 4-3;
Eagle Bird beat Silver Cloud, 10-5; Old Iron
sides beat Frisco Lad, 11-7. "'_ •
Third round— Ploughman a bye; Jerry TMght
beat Sir Wlnton, 7-4; Idaho Boy a bye; oBlden
Garter beat Remlsso Anlmo, 6-3; Imperious
beat Sofala, 4-1: Golden Feather beat Yellow
tail, 6-0; Mark Twain beat Prompto. 9-8; Lulu
Girl beat Firm Fellow. 9-1: Mifts Brummel
beat General Fremont, 5-2; Conroy beat Peter
Mclntyre, 5-0; Doreen beat Haddington, 4-3;
Old Ironsides beat Eagle Bird, 9-6.
Fourth round — Ploughman beat Jerry Wright,
23-6 • Golden- Garter beat Idaho Boy, 8-1;
Golden Feather beat Imperious. 12-3;*Lulu Girl
beat Mark Twain, 3-2; Miss Brummel beat
Conroy, 13-10; Doreen beat Old Ironsides, 49-7.
Fifth round — Ploughman beat Golden Gar
ter 13-9; Golden Feather beat Lulu Girl,
12 1 7; Miss Brummel beat Doreen, 24-0.
Sixth round — Ploughman withdrawn; Golden
Feather a bye; Miss Brummel a bye.
Deciding course— Golden Feather beat Mlsa
Brummel, 14-6.
The sh«»rtenders were In great luck
yesterday 'at Ingleside Coursing Park,
where' a general of the favor
ites was the feature of an ideal day
for sport. The cool, bracing weather
was probably the only thing that
saved the life of more than one dog,
for the hares proved an unusually wild
lot and wore out some of the best
hounds entered. More than a score
of courses were of two minutes'-dura
tion, requiring relief dogs for the kill
ing. In half a dozen cases it 1 took
three mniutes or more to end Mr.
Jack and one course closed with six
dogs \n the field. The natural upshot
of such fierce tests of canine stamina
was a fist full of surprises for the
talent.
Strong Hares Upset Calculations and
Make Money for Shortenders.
SURPRISES AT INGLESIDE.
Amateur and Professional Pastimes
Will Attract Devotees on •
¦ Land and Water.
The followers of all kinds of sports
and pastimes will have o. chance to
enjvy their favorite recreation to-day.
In nearly every line there is something
attractive planned. Many important
events are scheduled on land and
water. FolloAfing is a resume of the
events: .- >*,. . : .
¦Yachting — Nineteenth annual regatta 'of the
Corinthian Yacht Club. Start will be effected
off Powell-street wharf at 11:42 a. m.
Horse racing — Joint meet of Golden Gate
Park Driving Association and San Francisco
Drivlrs Club at Ir.gleulde race track at 1:30
p. m. for benefit of park amphitheater.
Tennis — Contest for San Francisco champion
shiii to be continued on California Club's
courts at 10 a. m.
Trapehoot — Pacific Coast Trapshooters* As
sociation tournament at Inglegide traps, begin
ning at 10 a. m.
Baseball — Portland vs. Ban Francisco at
Oakland at 1U:1O a. in. and at Recreation
Park at 2:30 p. m.
Coursing— Holiday stake at Union Coursing
Park.
Canoeing — Intertluh regatta at Alameda.
Golf — Contest for fJouncll's Cup on San Ra
fael links and handicap of the Oakland Golf
Club en the Oakland links.
Cricket — Alameda vs. Santa Cruz on the
Alameda ground.
Athletics — Amateur and professional contests
at the Caledonian Club's picnic at'Ehell Mound
Perk.
Model yachting — Regatta on Spreckels Lake,
Golden Gate Park, at 10 a. m.
FlsM day eports — Semi-annual field day of
Columbia Park Br»ys' Club at Wilmerdlng
School grounds at 2:30 p. m.
DECORATION" DAY SPOUTS
VARIED AND INTERESTING
The faces of some of the famous
marksmen of the coast will be missing
from the ranges for some time to come.
as a number of experts •will go to New
York to take part in the fourth Na
tional Bundes festival to be held in
that city early in June. "W. F. Blas3e,
Max Kolander, William Morken, Wil
liam Goetze and Martin Blasse have al
ready taken their departure. Lieuten
ant H. Huber. Adolph Strecker. tha
king of the last Bundes festival; M.
Reubold. J. Kullmann, "William Ehren
pfort, William Garms and his son
Walter, Nick Ahrens, Captain F. A.
KuWs. the president of the last Bundes
festival; Phllo Jacoby, who has won
honors at all national festivals; Albert
Wieland and Dr. Keck will be among
the distinguished marksmen who will
compete in the- name of California, and
will, without doubt, carry off many
valuable prizes.
It was confidently expected that
Frank E. Mason, A. L. Pake and D.
B. Faktor would be able to Join their
comrades from this State and add their
great strength as riflemen to Xhe Cali
fornia delegation, but business inter
ests prevents their participation.
The rifle range at Shell Mound Farfc
was comparatively destrted yesterday.
Being the fifth Sunday of the month'
all the well known clubs had previous
ly, held their regular meaal and bulls
eye contests. The Oakland Turner
Schuetzen and the Shell Mound Pistol
and Rifle clubs were the only organiza
tions to face the targets. The Turnera
held a regular medal and bullseye con
teat and fired two scores of ten shot3
each at the regulation 25-ring target.
H. Windmuller was the winner of the
flrst-class medal. B. Brunje annexed
the second-class medal.
The Turners are &ettinff into trim
for the festival which is to take place
In Sacramento from June 4 to 7, when
a large number of valuable prizes will
be offered for pood marksmanship.
Yesterday's results:
Monthly medal and bullseye shoot of th*
Oakland Turners" Pehuetzen: Medal competi
tion—F. Mante. 171, 158. S2!»: H. Loeffler. 117.
82. 109;* P. Uth. »9. 128. 227; H. Ahrens. 101.
103. 204; A. Landsrraf. 144. 170, 814; B. Brunje.
03. 144. 242: H. Wlndmuller. 105. 186. 881.
Eullseyes— F. Manto 43^4. B. Brunje 50. FT.
Loeffler, CS.
• Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, praetiea
shoot— H. Wlndmuller. 2«?. 107. 403: W. I*
Paulson. 161. IMC 320; Ft. Brunje. US. 145.
2R3; F. Mante. 178. 164. 342; W. A. Siebe. la-j.
19*. 3.TO; J Guttenherger. 08. 102. 2fX>: H. Ko
ford. 76. 139. 215: P. Paulson. 141. 142. 283.
WET5IER HOLDS PITTSBURO
DOWN TO FIVE BASE HITS
Errors and a Pass Result in Defeat of
St. I.onis Nationals by
Cincinnati.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) i (American Leagued
W. U Pet. I W. L. Pet.
New York... 23 10 .697 Bcstop 23 10 .6ftT
Shlcago 23 10 .«97 Cleveland ...19 13 .B93
Cincinnati ..25 11 .«95 Philadelphia.. 10 14 .871
St. Louis.... 1« 17 .4*5 New York. ..13 14 .563
Plttsburg ...1« IS .471 Chicago 19 17 .323
Boston 12 20 .375 St. Louis. ...IS 17 .4fit»
Brooklyn 13 22 .371 Detroit U 21 .344
Philadelphia.. 5 25 .1B7 Washington.. 6 21 .208
NATIONAL, LELVGUE.
CHICAGO. May 29. — Weimer's pitching an<$
hitting were the features of to-day's game,
which was played through a drizzling' rain.
The five hits made off Wetmer wer« scattered.
Attendance. 6500. Score:
R. H. E 1 ,
Chicago' 3 6 0
Pittsbunr 1 5 ¦*
Batteries— Welmer and O'Neill; L«ever and
Pbelpn. Umpire — EmslJe.
CINCINNATI. May 23.— Errora by Shay to
the second and a base on balls in the seventh
were directly responsible for the runs scored!
by Cincinnati. Both Nichols and Hahn pttch«4
superb ball, the latter receiving the more
brilliant support. Attendance. 11,100. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 5 I
St. Irfmls 16 3
Batt*ries — Hahn and Pelti; Nichols and
Zearfoss. Umpires. Zlmmer and Moran.
BROOKLYN. May 29. — New York defeated)
Brooklyn In a championship game at Wash
ington Park to-day. Attendance, 20. COO. Scorer
R. H. B.
Brooklvn 3 10 t
New York T 11 1
Batteries — Poole and Ritter; Wilts*, and
"Warner. Umpires — Johnstone and CDay.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. May 2D. — After pitching great
ball for seven. Innings. Hess went up In the air
In the eighth, when three bases on balls, *
double, a single and a passed ball scored all
of Chicago's runs. Both teams put up a fast
fielding game. Holmes carrying off the honor*.
Attendance. 4100. Score: ¦.- ¦.•* .
Chicago ;* * £
Cleveland S ,, 7 2
Batteries — Al crock and McFarland; Hass an4
Abbott.
PACIFIC CRICKETERS WIX
FROM SANTA CUUZ ELEVEN
The Pacific Cricketers met and de
feated the Santa Cruz eleven yesterday
on the Alameda grounds by a score of
225 runs to>43. The Santa Cruz team
tried out seven bowlers. The team
showed lack of practice. The teams
were made up as follows:
Pacifies— John Myers. E. H. M. Laanowe, B.
H Wllkle, A. W. Wilding, H. D. Bowlin. W.
Petherick. D. Jamison. H. C. Casidy, N. I>o
gan Dr. O. N. Taylor. L. Lewln.
Santa Crux — A. Jenkins. A. McXamurt, J«
Richardson. W. Sims. E, F. Hilton. H. H. Da
vis. B. Sharp. E. U. Day. S. Stagg. O. Swalno.
C. Banner. ;
The opening of the first annual tour
nament of the Pacific Coast Trap
Shooters' Association, which occurred
yesterday at Ingleside, was even aj
greater success than had been expect
ed. The entries numbered eighty-sev
en, including crack shots from this
city, Sacramento, Los Angeles, Han
ford, Oakland. Berkeley, -Vallejo, Pin
ole. Watstmville, San Jose, Santa Rosa,
Windsor, Martinez; Monterey and other
points, the most distant of which was
Kansas City. A large crowd of spec
tators witnessed the swift sport of the
first day's shooting. The opening shot
was fired by Dr. W. S. George of An
tioch, Cal., president of the associa
tion. More than 12,000 blue rocks were
trapped.
The tournament will continue this
morning and afternoon, the most In
teresting of the day's contests being
the 100- bird race, In which J. W. Brod
erick challenges Clarence Nauman to
shoot for the Bekeart challenge cup.
The success of the tournament is as
cribed in a large measure to the hard
wor% of Thomas L. Lewis, chairman
of the tournament committee, who is
acting as general manager of the sev
eral events. .
The best averages made yesterday,
on a basis of 120 birds shot at were as
follows: Broderlck broke 108; Forster
and Nauman » each 107; Varlen and
Feudner each 106; Reed 105; Webb 104.
These records were made In the six
regular events in which eighty-five
contestants took part. The best scores
in each event are given herewith:
First event, twe'nty bird*— J. J. Ryan and
C. Ashlln 20 each; Lowery, T. A. Work, F.
P. Fanning W. S. Wattles, Webb, Williams,
Hanson, W. Murdock. Varien, George Sylvester,
M. J. Iverson and J. Karney, 19 each; D.
Daniels, R. L. Slusser, -O. Feudner, W. J.
Qolcher. A. L. Holdeclau, Nauman, Dr. Hutton,
E. Klevesahl and Blade. 18 each.
Second event— W. Sears, Nauman, Gamble,
C H. Cate. Webb, Reed, Q. xSylvester and
Broderick, ltt each; MrCutcheon, Foster. W.
Hansen, Dr. Hutton. H. Klevesahl, Varlen,
Iverson. Donohoe and Blade, 18 each.
Third event — G. Stone. 20; Fanning. 10;
Feudner. Potter, C. Sylvester, Nauman. Webb,
Reed. Varlen. Karney, Latng and Anderson,
18 eacfc.
Fourth evert— Carr, Holdeclau and Slusser,
20 each; Broderick. Barker and Monday, 10
each; Nauraan, Reed, Hesse, Stone, Halght,
Ivereon. Shields and Foster, 18 each.
Fifth event — Foster. 20; Qolcher. 10;
Broderick. Green. Barker, Feudner, Slusser
and Holdeclau, 18 each. L'-^'V
Sixth event — Oolcher and Donohoe, 19 each;
Gamble, Payne. Broderick. Varlen, Green.
Feudner. Drake, C. Sylvester, Hodap, - Shields
and Herring, 18 each.
The day closed with a team shoot
for the Golden Gate trophy. Eight
teams were entered, two by the Golden
Gate Gun Club, two by the Union Gun
Club, and one each by the following
clubs: Hercules, "Watsonville, Fresno
and Vallejo. Each team consisted of
five men and each man had twenty
shots. The scores follow:
Golden Gate (first team) won with
95, Nauman, Webb and Reed each scor
ing 20; Union (first team), 90; Hercules,
87; Watsonvllle, S6; Golden Gate (sec
ond team), 83; Fresno, 79; Union (sec
ond team), 75; Vallejo, 71.
The series of Gaelic football games
btJns played each Sunday at the Pre
sidio athletic grounds attracted -a
larger crowd than usual yesterday, and
these in attendance were amply re
warded by the sport they witnessed.
There were two games during the af
tetr.oon, the first resulting in a tie be
tween the McBrides and the Wolfe
Tones by a score of 3 to 3. The second
game v as won by the Parnells from the
Kmeralus by a score of 8 to 1. •
When time was called for the first
half of the game between the Mc-
Brides and the Wolfe Tones there was
general prediction that the game would
b<» hotly contested. The prophecy
proved true, for the teams were evenly
matched and both sides put up a good
game. Following was the line-up:
McBrides — C. Desmond, D. S. EcanneH, J.
Cochran. J. Corcoran. P. Golien, V. Donlne,
D. Buckley, T. Connors, M Shea, D. Daley,
J. lloriarity. T. Curtin. M. O'Brien, J. Sulli
van. P. O'Connor, H. Finerty, P. Walsh. /
Wolf* Tone* — C. McEnerny. P. Gurrin. P.
Kearney, P. Mahoney. k J. Liwler. P. Crowe,
P. Qulnlan, M. Hanntean. M. Powers, T.
McEnerny, T. Fox, P. Riley, J. J. Lane, J.
Kiernan, P. Dusan T. Welch. M. McGulre.
J. It. Kelly of Oakland, referee.
The best game of the afternoon was
between the Parnells and the Emeralds.
The first half resulted in a tie. Both
teams, played rapidly, but they scored
only one point each. In the second
half the Parnells appeared to have put
new life into their playing and by hard
work prevented their opponents from
scoring. The following was the line
up:
Parnells — P. Barrett. P. Montran, P. Scnnlon.
J. Bcanlon. P. Sullivan. J. Sullivan. Joseph
Murphy. John Murphy, M. Galvin. C. O'Brien,
11. Daley. D. Toomy. J. Gaffney, E. Murphy,
E. S-u'.livnn, J. O'Connor, H. Callahan.
Emeralds — 1>. McMahon. Nick Finn, J. Bar
ry, A. McEnerny, J. Cudahy, J. Donovan, J.
Kearney, R. Forbes. P. Magulre. P. Devine.
J. O'Connor. H. Murray, P. Haggerty, D.
Lyons, M. Sullivan. E. Allen, L. Long.
Pat Crowe referee.
Lost Chord, the black and white
daughter of the English greyhound
Fetter Free, won the open stake yes
terday at Union Coursing Park from
Haphazard by default. The hares
proved an unusually strong lot and
caused the withdrawal of a number of
greyhounds.
Lost Chord defeated in turn Rene
gade Apache, Charter Member. Ruby
Sankey. the Referee and Duhallow. Sea
Lion was withdrawn in the semi-final
round and Haphazard secured a bye.
The hare proved a strong one and ran
two minutes and twenty-two seconds.
Haphazard was then withdrawn, as he
could make no showing in the deciding
course.
The green feed having, disappeared
from the fields, it is expected the hares
will show more stamina from this time
on.
Of the flf ty-8lx trials, only eleven
went to outsiders in the betting. The
day's results with Judge P. J. Reilly's
official scores follow: s *^
Open stake, first round — Charter Member
beat Toronto, 6-4; Lost Chord boat Renegade
Apache, 8-1; Ruby Sankey beat Rich Array,
3-0; Hudson beat Aeolua. 7-3; Concord Traloe
beat Texas Mlgnon, 3-8; Lord Brazen beat
Terra Cotta, 7-1; Rasgeci Actor beat Pagll
acci 8-2; The Referee beat Reckless Acrobat,
8-1; Gambit beat High Born, 6-4; Belle Free
beat Racing Auto, 5-0; Richard Anton beat
Humbug, 8-1; Cubanola beat Golden Fortune,
4-0; Duhallow beav Texas Hoo Hoo, 6-3; Fon
tenoy beat Red Rock, 3-1; Fair Tralee beat
Dorothy M., 6-1; Texas Jill beat Golden
Links. 6-2; Liberator beat Fancy Free. 7-5;
Rocker Arm beat Texas Mamie, 7-1; Haphaz
ard beat Our Motto. 8-3; Merry Go Rfiund beat
False Alarm, 8-2; Rector beat Rusty Ax, 10-4;
Rapid Water beat Beluga, 7-4; Rural Artist
beat Rose of Gold 7-4; Krishna beat Ra«
tlme 12-0; Vandal beat Medley. 4-0; Sea Lion
beat' Tralee Boy. 7-2; Rocklln Boy a bye.
Rubber Ankles withdrawn; . Amandan beat
Raby . Amora. 5-2. %
Second round — Lost Chord beat Charter
Member, 6-0; Ruby Sankey beat Hudson, 5-0;
Concord Tralea beat Lord Brazen. 4-0; The
Referee beat Ragged Actor, 3-2; Gambit beat
Belle Free, 6-3; Richard Anton beat Cubanola,
21-7; Duhallow beat Fontenoy. 3-2; Fair Tra
lee beat Texas Jill. 10-5;. Rocker Arm beat
Liberator, 21-14; Haphazard beat Rector, 3-0;
Merry Go Round beat Rapid Water, 8-3; Ru
ral Artist beat Krishna, 0-4; Sea Lion beat
Vandal. '10-3; Amandan beat Rocklln Boy. 4-0.
Third round — Lost Chord beat Ruby Sank
ey, 2-1: The Referee beat Concord Tralee,
4-2; Richard Anton beat Gambit, 4-1; Duhal
low beat Fair Tralee, 6-0; Haphazard a bye;
Rocker Arm withdrawn; Merry Go Round beat
Rural Artist, 3-2; Sea Lion beat Amandan, 8-3.
Fourth round — Lost Chord beat The Referee,
6-3; Duhallow beat Richard Anton, 2-0; Hap
hazard beat Merry Go Round, 6-4; Sea Lion a
bye
Fifth round— Lost Chord beat Duhallow,. 4-2;
Haphazard a bye. Sea Lton withdrawn.
Deciding course— LoBt Chord won - by de
fault; . Haphazard withdrawn.
Percy Murdock, the Alameda crack
and considered by many the best player
In the tourney, was in fine form yes
terday. He did not run up against any
body better than young Griffin, whom
he heat. easily.
Theseml-flnal matches will be played
at 10 o'clock and the flnal3 at 2:30. A
light luncheon will be served at 1
o'clock. The scores follow:
Preliminary round — Griffin beat Guerin by
default: Ambrose beat Beyfuas. 6-3, S-7: C.
Smith beat Gabriel, 7-5. 7-5; Johnson beat
Cassell by default: Heath beat Lytton, 6-4,
6-4: Codo beat Msdcraft, 6-2. 6-1: Parr beat
Robblns.' 6-2. 6-4; Murdock beat Mann by de
fault; Schmidt beat Roche by default; M. Long
beat Kuehn by default; G. Baker beat Spring,
6-0, 6-0; Janes beat M. Hotchklsn by default:
Brabant beat Gage. 6-4. 6-0; Gayneas beat
Flnntgan, 0-6. 6-3, 6-0; Dasgett beat Llchten
ber*r by default; Allen beat Hotchklss by da
fault: Adams beat Brady by default.
First round — Bates beat Howell, 6-2, 6-4:
Gardner beat Blumenthal by default: MeChes
ney beat Alexander by default; Cornell b«at
Variel by default; Griffin beat Ambrose, 6-3,
6-4; Smith beat Johnson, 4-6. 7-5 (default);
Coda beat Heath. 3-«. «-4. 6-3; Murdock beat
Parr. 6-1, «-2: Schmidt beat M. Lnn*. 6-1.
6-2; Baker beat Janes 6-2. 6-1; Brabant beat
Gayr.ezs. 6-4, C-l; Allen beat DasTRett. 6-2. 6-4;
Adams beat Crawford. 6-2, 6-2; Dunlap beat
Kimball by default; H. Long: beat Drolla. 6-1,
6-8. 6-3; Mitchell beat Fotey. 6-2. 2-6. 6-3.
Second round— Gardner beat Bates. 6-3. 6-4;
Ccreell beat McChesney by default: Griffin
beat Smith. 6-2. 6-2; Murdock beat Code. 6-2.
6-2; Schmidt beat Baker. 6-4. 6-2; Allen beat
Brabant 6-3, 6-1: I>unlap beat Adams, 5-7,
6-2. 6-3; Long beat Mitchell. 8-6. 6-3.
Third round — Gardner beat- Cornell. 6-4. 3-6,
6-3; Murdock beat Griffin. 6-1, 6-3; Allen beat
Schmidt, 6-3, 6-4; Long beat Dunlap. 6-3, 6-0.
-There was some excellent tennis and
also some surprises. The biggest sur
prise of the day was the defeat of
George Baker, the Golden Gate Club's
strongest player, the hands of Her
bert Schmidt of the California Club.
Baker was thought to be the strongest
man in the tournament, and his defeat
was a great disappointment to his club
mates. Schmidt played a great game
and his victory could not be called a
nuke, as he won on clean aces rather
than on his opponent's errors.
Schmidt's speed at the net broke up
Baker's steady game. He was out
played both at the net and In the back
court. Schmidt made almost Impossible
kills, and in the back court passed his
opponent at will. Schmidt beat his op
ponent ill straight sets, 6 — t, 6—2. ,
Herbert Long, a young player of the
California Club and probably the most
promising youngster on the coast for
years, was the star of the day. In his
match with Frank Mitchell Long
played a game the best man In the
State would have no easy time beating.
Mitchell played a fine game, but Long's
clever back and fore hand drives and
excellent overhead work proved too
much for him. After finishing off
Mitchell, Long took on Charles Dun
lap, one of the best players at the
park, and beat him with ease. Dunlap
tried hard to stave off defeat, but
Long was not to be denied and took
the second set without losing a game.
The score was 6—3, 6—0.
After playing an almost perfect game
against Baker, young Schmidt fell down
miserably in his match with Allen. This
has always been Schmidt's failing 1 . He
plays a wonderful game at times, but
is erratic. Allen is in poor form, and
two weeks ago was easily beaten by
Baker.
The third annual tennis tournament
for the championship of San Francisco
commenced yesterday on the California
Club courts. Forty-nine players en- v
tered the event, and at the call of time,
late In the alternoon, but four re
mained. The successful players were
Carl Gardner of the park. Percy Mur
dock of Alameda, Will Allen and Her
bert Long, both of the California Club.
These players will meet at 10 o'clock
this morning. Gardner will be opposed
to Murdock and Allen will meet Long.
In the meantime, Irwin was tearing
around those bags llkfe a house on fire.
He had just reached third when the
ball dropped safely and would have
been pinned dead at the plate on any
kind of a throw. But Mr. Nadeau was
not there. He made a weak attempt
to wing the ball to Shea, but it never
reached him and so that was the finish.
Portland started off in the first with
two runs, made on two hits and Ander
son's wide throw to first. San Francis
co came back with two more in the
second when Murphy allowed Steel
man's throw to travel into the bleach
ers. Then Reitz hit and Whalen hit
and the deadlock was on.
Portland nosed into the lead with
another pair in round four, but San
Francisco did not stop. In the fifth,
Ham Iberg came in for a walloping
that sent three runners over the jumps.
Iberg's double, followed by Drennan's
bingler over second, made it a tie for
the third time in the sixth inning.
It did not stop there. Portland
squeezed another through the lines in
the seventh, when Jones came in to
relieve Whalen of his burden. Beck
bit off a hurricane drive through sec
ond and advanced on two outs to third.
Irwin's bad throw of Steelman's
grounder let him in with the big one
that put Portland in the lead for a few
seconds. Henry's gang kicked through
with another in the same half on
Meany's double and Irwin's single. The
score :
San Francisco — I Portland —
AB.R. H. P.A.I AB.R. II. P.A.
Hildbd, ir 4 0 0 0 0 Drnan rf 4 0 2 2 1
Wldrn, cf 5 1 2 2 0 WOrdl. rf 5 1 1 1 0
Mean}', rf 6 1 2 2 0 Xdeau. If 4 1 0 3 0
Irwin. 3b 5 1 .1 3 2 Beck. 2b. 5 1 3 1 2
Leahy, lb 4 1 1 ll> 2 Frncia, n 4 0 0 5 4
Kndrsn. m 3 O 1 3 3 Mrphy.l b5 i 3 7 0
Reltz. 2b 4 1 1 2' 0 Stlmn. 3b 4 1 0 1 1
Gorton, c4 1 3 5 1 Shea, c. 4 0 O 6 3
Whaln, p2 1 1 0 lilberg p. 4 1 2 0 1
Jonea,- p. 10 0 0 21
1 Totals. 29 6 11*28 12
Totals. 37 7 14 27 17
•Two out when winning run scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNING9. ';¦*- _;
Portland 2 0 0 2 0 1 1 0 0— 6
Base hits 2 10 2 2 2 10 1—11
Sen Francisco. ..0 2 0 0 3 O 1 0 ' 1— 7
Base hits...... 2 2 0 14 12 1 1—14
SUMMARY.
H1U— Off ¦Whalen.' 9; eft Jones. 2. Stolen
bases — Irwin (2).- Waldron, Reitz,. Drennan,
McCreedie, Murphy. Steelman. Errors—Mur
phy (3), Anderson (2), Reltz, Drennan, YfaJ
dron, Irwin, McCreedie. Two-baae hits — IberfiT,
' Meany. Leahy. Sacrifice hlta — Hildebrand,
Francis. First base on errors — San Francisco
2, Portland 3. First base on called balls — Off
Whalen. 1; off. Jones, 1: tilt Iberg, 3. Left on
bases — Ban Francisco (i, Portland 8. Struck
out— By Whalen, 3; by Jones, 1; by Ibergr, 4.
Paesed ball— Shea. Time of game — Two
hours and five minutes. Umpire — Husum,
The Morning Game. .
Hildebrand^won the morning game
when he .drove 'In two runs with a
beautiful three-bagger to center field
in the seventh round. Waldron land
ed for a home nln, b^it was called out
for not touching second base. The
game was close all the way and Port
land had it well in hand till the final
smashup in the seventh. The score: .
Portland— i Bait Francisco—
ABTR. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Drnan.cf 4 0 1*6 1 Hlldbd.lf 4 11 10
McCrd.rf 4 0 0 2 OjVVldrn.cf 4 0 19 0
Nada^i.lf 2 0 O 1 OlMeany.rf 4 0 O O 0
BeclO2b 4 0 10 2|Irwln.3b 4 0 111
Frncls.ss 4 10 3 llMssey.lb 4 0 0 9 0
Mrphy.lb 4 0 10 OtAndsn.ss 4 0 10 1
£tlmn,3b 4 2 10 3 Rettz, 2b 4 0 0 0 3
Shea, c. 4 0 18 0]Gorton,o It 1 11 0
Butler, p 2 0 0 0 5 Knell, p. 3 s 2 1 0 ,7
Totals. 32 3 6 24 12 ] Totals. 83 4 ~6 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS
Portland 0 2 0 1 0 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits 0 3 1 1 0 0 0 0 0— G
San Francisco.... 0 0 10 0 0 3 Ox — 1
Bate hits 0 0 2 110 11 x— tt
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Francis, Steelman. Krrors—
Francis 2, Murphy. Gorton, Steelman. Three
baj«a hits— Waldrrn, Hildcbrand. Trro-base
hits — Steelman, Drennan. Gorton. First base
on errors — San Francisco 4. First base on
called balls — Off Butler 1, off Knell 3. Left
on bases — Portland . 5, fan Francisco C.i
Struck out— By Butler 1, by Knell 1. Time
of same, 1:40. UmplreA-Huston.
The final Btruggle of the day was a
real fan's dream. J It was one of those
games that the crank likes to tell about,
when he grows old and is too feebl«
to walk to the ball park and see it
repeated. Bingling there was in
plenty, with good throws and daring
chances on the bases to make it good,
to view. There was also some bad
work both in the field and at the bat,
so bad it finally offset the genuine ar
ticle.
The finish came suddenly and was
aided by Nadeau's poor work in left.
Meany was given a lifetm an error by
Murphy, after "Waldron had flown to
left. Irwin forced Pat at second, mak
ing the second down for the inning.
Then along came Leahy with a high
fly to left infield. Drennan Insisted on
taking the ball, but Nadeau would have
none of that. He must be the man to
execute that catch. They both flopped
around for a while and finally, the ball
became tired c/f being too long in the
air and dropped gracefully between
them.
The Brownies took two swift rides
down the baseball toboggan yesterday.
They landed at the bottom Just a tally
behind In each Instance and made a
fight for the place, but, even determina
tion canncrt survive when bad baseball
crops up every now aad then. This
sort of thing always loses games and
the rule held good yesterday. Scores:
Morning game San Francisco 4, Port
land 3. Afternoon game San Francisco
7, Portland 6.
(Paciflo Coest League.)
W. I>. Fct. | W. L. Pet.
Oakland ....34 2S .570;Los Angr«les.33 28 .BU
L-cattle 3a 25 ,500 H. Francisco. 27 32 .453
jVcoraa 33 27 .5&0jPortland ....10 3» .291
STANDING OF THE3 CLUBS,
Drops Safely Between Dren
nan and Brings Irwin in
Viith the Winning Point
• r$ound!!nr VS. Dr. Iy!an<l ,101. Censnr 10.1.
HlPMt Tooth 103. MarrhaJsca 1C3, North Wind
10*.
TJiirJ rare, Fix furlosfr. Fltfht Ftnkes—
*1<>ral Kins 8«. The Fog 1<>5. Sylvia Talbot
105. Eurlc'.gh 05. Irene IJnd»cy 107. Prince
Silverwinr* 103. WaiTiamoinen 10T. Gregor X
U'T. Sad Barn 100. Pkilful 115. <L1n<tsey and
PurJfirh. Hildmh mtfTJ Prince. eilverwlnga
and \rninamo!neu. TaJbot entry. >
Fourth race, two mil's, selling. Prairie
rtnV-r-f— La/-y Crawford JM, Kankin 97, John
VcGurk 101. Major Mansir 101. Potheen 103.
(VTinsir and Potheen. Ulldreth entry.)
F'fth race, one rr.IIe. selling — LoulETille It*.
Partlla ftS. Mcrxo 99. Love'c Labor 100, Elfin
Klip 101. Paramount mi. Federal ICC. Giorf
f o H&. Emigre 10K, Cornwall 107, Montanic
109.
F'xth ra<-«.. five furinng-n — The Trifier 103.
Tr&tnotcr K'5. Mart Gentry 105. Broadway
G!»1 10S. Palm Tree If*. !V>nnie Prince Charlie
ins. The MM 10*. Vfialia 111. Michael Byrne*
111. Ma»:ic 111. Kurtiman 111. Kind's Trophy
111 M!f« Inn US.
Weather clear; track fast.
HAWTHORNK SELECTIONS.
By Ihe Chicago Inter Ocean.
l'irst race— Burieiglt, Tokalon, New
Mown Hay.
Second race — Peeper, Rwpet Tooth,
Censor.
Third ra«-e — Prince Silverwlngs, Flo
ra! Kin^, Biirlcurli.
Fourtii race — John 31c<Iurk, Poth
een, Major Mansfr.
Iifth race — Cornwall, Gloriosa, Sar
illa.
Sixtli rncc — Kurtzinan, Miss Inez,
Micliael Byrnes.
Git A VESEND ENTRIES:
NEW YORK, May i'9.-UHIgh class
fields will compete to-morrow at the
Gravescnd meeting. The entries are:
Fii^t race. *bout six furionjs— Rella.ble liii,
James V 1U2. Jack lUUIa 1*0, Salvatella 100,
Ij.viraticn l<5, Iridius 1.8. Sweet Alice 93.
Montreson iOO, Jud^e Dectoa S7, IiOAeti&t lit.
The MusJretctr lvo. Marjoram 103.
fcecoad rac«, E8Q>li« steeplechase, handicap,
about two D:ile»s — Flylnc Buttress .'.C;*. Tom
Ccean 14.".. KKiigrajnt 133. Land of Clover 105.
A<5j,daumo H>\, Captivator 130. Tt.t Ra«c«d
<'avalier HO. Ga»car 123. Caller ICi.
Third ract. oi;e end an eighth miles — Bri
gand :»2. Pol r.oger 60. Major ijstinKerfield 120,
Gold Money 102. Colonsay U3. Lord IJ.-tcge 107.
Ilackensaclc 90. Duke of Kendal 87. Andy
Will Jams 103.
Fourth r&ce. th« Hudson stakes, five fur
k-r.ct—Veio 112. Tongorder 115, Jake Sanders
115. Oiorliier 125. Rlffct Royal 115, BUmuUnt
Uf>. •
Fifth rM-K cc» auC a sixteenth miles—Sil
ver I>ays B3. Charles Elwood 107. Coppella US,
SJrlarthorr* 86. Auf Wledeniehen 64. Witch
craft *8. Bobadil 95, Wild PinUa 10C. Kin
«raine 30». All Geld 109, Eherifr Bell 110 Pass
Book &S, Pattt 103.
Sixth race, five furlonrs — Cclden Sunrise 112,
Acent 112. Chieftain 109. Argyle 112, Fruit
V!9. MenliUto 112. GHpin 112. Flying Redrkin
11X BUI Baliey II 112. Hutno 112, Caa«5y Bill
112, Ilc-t fc'hot 112. fcmall Lady 112, Ma«i«
fctrour* 112. Trapper U2. PortFmocth 112
Seventh rtce. cr:e and a sixteenth miles—
Oo Hetwten 65. Tena«ra 105, Spjnlih la*F\t
64. I>n <^»tta 100. Owrtmald 101, Trepan 103
Tfce Cricktt »0. The Blval 101. The Rhymer
JC9, Sfr Rocb« 101. Canteen 85.
Wither e'ear; track fast.
GRA\ T ESEXD SELECTIONS.
Ey the New ToA Morning Telegraph.
I-irst rjtce — Reliable, Marjoram,
.Tacl: Hatlin.
Second race — Land of Clover, Tom
, Ccgan, Caller.
Third race — TKomas Entry, Major
DnJnsrrfk-ld, Gold 3Ioney.
Fowrtli race— Glorifler, Right Royal,
Veto.
I'iffJi r.'i«?r — Charles Elwood, Drlar
Tliorp.% Ml Gold.
Sixth race— Chieftain, Affile, Golden
SiuiriM*.
8rvrnUi race — Go Between, Trepan,
Sir Iloche.
DELMAn TRACK ENTRIES.
ST. ¦ LOITI8, May 29. —^The entries
fQr to-ir.orrow'jB races at Delmar fol
! >v. : B3S
Fir«t ra^e fiv furloncs. Mllinj — Brick
Fowler 1<*«. Rorirlffo 11'8, Felir Mozzeo • 10S,
Bait 1C5. Ilarrj II. lLawcc 105. Matt Waflleieh
!<).". Bib <:urt 101. Telln-ientown T03. Uurrows
\Cr. (?»ft N>:e 100. Heppy HooISfaa 100,
nick Rlplty 100.
S^-cond rac*. fIx furlonys. aeMlnp — Sharp
Uird 133. Troa 118. Hunve 114. Tummy Foster
114 n-JralUt '('.:, Diaphanoua )09. Thlsbe ]O».
!-.;>• Idrls 1C.». JUinire i< .. Galla water 107,
<.h«>njl»i 1C4< Tcnny Belle JOI.
TJi'.rd race. r.In«-s!xtrenthn of a . n-.II<» —
JirdJn de IMrit 1(3. A L«4y lt">. Tnunptrc^s
U/0. I.inv-rtck <J:r! ion. Wakeful 100, My
|I"lfranor 100, Pantivc jf>0. .
Fourth race. tl>»- Memcrial lutndicmn. eleven
*!5rte»-nthr. ot *. ta\\r — Operator 114. IHIee 112.
W Wntsr sfl. MaHtter 108. t^hwalbe' 107.
HoTy Cray 104. .Blissful 102. Ben Adkins 101,
Cloverton OS. Dave Sommers 9S, ilorficlla S3. '
dore 117.
•£eooa<1. ryjee. one mile, celling — Albany Girl
Pi. Mnufi Miller »4. Martin 86, Peeper Mi.
CHICAGO. Miy 29. — A bunch of
speed will go to the post to-morrow
at Hawthorne trark in the Flight
Ptakes at six furlongs. The day's en
tries follow:
Fir*t race, ftve and a half furlonjr* — Soufrier*
102. Tckaion J02. Buck Wynne 107. Peter J-
Semens 107, Allista K7, Clifton Forge 107,
Now M«-n lUy 107. G»-ne Handlan 107. Ml*s
Crawfor*! 107. Byrleleh !C«>. Lord Wadrworth
112. Or^at Eastern 112. Forehand 112. Commo-
CHICAGO. May 23.— Interest in rac
ing he* decreased to a marked desrree
during the past week, principally be
,caus<! cS the efforts of the Hawthorne
track officials to close downtown pool
rooKxs, thus compelling the devotees of
the sport to place their money at the
track or not at all.
* The report vai freely circulated and
published in some of the papers that
the Western Union had voluntarily
withdrawn its wires from the track.
Coming at a tirhe when the telegraph
company had decided to cease fur
nishing information to imolrooms, the
rumor was received with credence by
many followers of horse racing. Now
the people know the telegraph com
pany was forced to remove its wires.
If was a scheme of the track officials
to force bettors to ra>' - an admission
fee In -order to place their money, and
they resent it.
As* a natural consequence, genuine
lovers of horse racing are looking for
ward t6 the opening of Hariem next
Faturday with much interest. A larger
field than last year's record of nine
teen horses may go to the post for the
Harlem National Handicap which is to
be run on opening day. The race has
a guaranteed value of $15,000. The
distance is a mile and three-six
teenths. Gold Heels and Dick Welles
are the top weights of nearly three
dozen possible starters.
"We may have a larger field than be
fore." said Secretary Nathanson to
day, "but it Is be?t to be conservative,
fo I am figuring on eighteen starter?.
We ought to Up pure of that number."
Among the probable starters are Lit
tle Scout. Witful, McGee. Judge Himes.
Colonial Girl. Haviland and Flying
FhJr.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
The National Handicap on
Opening Day Promises to
Be an Attractive Event
High Scores Made by Crack
Shots at Ingleside—-Chal
lenge Match for To-Day
Parnells Rally in the Sec
ond Half and Easily Out
play the- Emerald Kickers
Schmidt Furnishes Surprise
of the Day by Defeating
Baker, Pride of the Park
H. Windemuller Carries Off
the First-Class Medal of
the Oakland Turners
Takes the Deciding Course
by Default, Haphazard
Being Unable to Continue
LARG-EFIELDAT HARLEM
EIGHTY-SEVEN ENTRIES
LOST. CHORD A WINNER
LARGE NUMBER ARE OUT
RANGES ARE DESERTED
Rcscut Action of Officials
in Blaming the Western
Union for Removing Wires
LEAHY'S HIGH FLY
Stars of the North Nosed
Out by Uncle's Collection
Twice by One Lone Tally
Many Withdrawals Neces
sary Owing to Unusually
Hard Running on Field
SCORE STANDS 3 TO 3
Contest Between McBridcs
and Wolfe Tones Results
in an Exciting Struggle
First Annual Tournament of
Pacific Coast Association
Drafts Great Many Experts
Gardner, Murdock, Allen and
Long Remain to Battle for
Title of Tennis Champion
California . Will Be Well
Eepresented at the Na
tional Bundes Festival
BETTORS FROWN
AT HAWTHORNE
FOOTBALL MEN
PLAY TIE GAME
BROWNIES TAKE
DOUBLE SLIDE
HARES OUTFOOT
SPEEDY HOUNDS
TRAP SHOOTERS
HIT CLAY BIRDS
FOUR CRACKS
WILL COMPETE
CLEVER SHOTS
WILL GO EAST
TRAPSHOOTERS OF COAST SHATTER BLUEROCKS AT INGLESIDE GROUNDS
* THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL*, ' MONDAY, MAY 30, 1904.
CITY OK MEXICO. May «.*0.— The coinage
facilities et the Mint In this city- are to be
larrtly increased. * The foreign demand for
lltxican dollars increases, and Japan has
bought heavily of late.
Newton Blanks Oakland.
LOS ANGELES, May 29.— To-day's
game between the champions and
OaklanM was a pitchers' battle in
which Newton came off first best The
visitors could do nothing with his
speed and curves., Schmidt pitched
well until the eighth Inning, when a
base on balls, an error and three hits
gaveHhe champions the only runs
scored. Attendance 4500. Score:
Los Angeles— Oakland —
AB.R. H. P.A. ¦ AB.R. H.' P.A.
roman.BS 4 O 2 1 4 Gnley.rf 4 0 111
Flood,2b 3 0 0 4 r> .Mskn, ss 4 0 1 1 1
Smith, 3b 3 0 12 0 Krger.cf 4 0 o 3 0
Brnrd.cf 2 0 0 1 0 Schny,2b 2 * 0 O 1 3
<?ravth.rf 4 Oi 0 0 0 J.Strb.lb 3 0 0 9 0
Itoss, If. 3 OlO 1 0 Devrx,3b "3; 0 , 1-. 2v4
Chaee.lb 4 1 2 10 3 Byrne, c 2 0 0 5 1
Spies, c. 3 1 1! 7 0 T.Strb.lf 3 0 0 1 0
Newtn.p 3 0 0 1.3 Schmdt.p 3 0*1 11
Totals. 23 2 7 27 IS Totals. 28 0 4 24 11
Neil Is Matched With Forbes.
CHICAGO. May 29. — Frankie Neil,
present bantam weight champion of
the world and Harry Forbes, former
holder of the title, were matched to
night to meet in Chicago in a six
round contest June 17. The men have
agreed to make a weight of 120
pounds at the ringside.
va - Courtly Guest; Fenil vs. Queen of the
Isles; .Pagllaecl vs. Mlaa Lucille; Lady
Newark va. Golden Fortune; Honest John
vs. . Haddlngton; Terra Cotta vs. Humbug:
Renegade A pacha vs. Merry Go Round; Aenlus
v». Agitator: Beauty Gold va. Tamora; Our
Motto vs. Hermit;- Pepper Jack- vs. Ita^irrJ
Actor; Trale« Boy ts. Rob* ot Gold; Belfast v«.'
Articulatv tSftttHBBSHH&HlHMBBE
FIFTY-SIX HOUNDS TO START.
Special Stake Is Arranged for « To-
Day at Onion Coursing Park.
A special holiday stake, .with flfty
six greyhounds entered, will be decid
ed to-day at Union Coursing Park.
There will be 'special trains at 10:15
and 1; o'clock. The draw held at the
park yesterday resulted as follows:
11
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
JEROYUTTIE
,C I GAR Syra^|The ordination address was deliver
ed by the Rev. Richmond Logan, and
the Rev. William Kirk Guthrie, mod
erator, delivered the sermon. The
charge to the new pastor was impres
sively delivered by the Rev. J. S.
Thomas and Professor H. W. Gilchrlst,
D. D., delivered the charge to the peo
ple.
graduate of the college at Springfield,
Mo., and took the first two years of
his course at Princeton Seminary and
his final year at San Anselmo.
The exercises were rendered doubly
Interesting by the fact that the occa
sion marked the Introduction to the
congregation of the Rev. Mr. Hays'
bride, who. though some years a resi
dent of California, comes from Bos
ton.
smaller man took a ster> toward him
and plunged a knife Into his left breast.
Then they both walked away in the di
rection of Washington street He
thought he might recognize them if he
saw them together.
Miss I. B. Connor will offer to the la
dies of, San Francisco her entire ? stock
of. 'fine millinery at »' ; greatly , reduced
prices: $25.00 hat. $15.00; $15.00 -.hat,
J10.00; «0.00, hat, $5.00. • Sale beginning
Tuesday, 9 a. m. , 13$ Geary. street. •
Millinery; Sale.
Arthur F.'. Jacobs, proprietor j of the
stables/: told Detective Whitaker that
for -several -nights last* week > strikers
had > been : gathering " in front - of • the
stables and threats. Rocks
had' also. been thrown at the windows
and: that was why he. employed Plum-,
jner-as .watchman; » .
George Keenan, a , striking stable
man, living at 329.Tehama street, was
shot in the' right hip by' John Plum
mer, a 'watchman at' Jacobs' stables,
California and Webb streets,' early "yes
terday • morning, and though the
wound is serious, fatal results are not
anticipated. ¦ ' ' ¦ .• - ¦
: Keehan's version of the shooting is
that he and four or flve friends were
going along Webb street shortly after
1 o'clock and ' when iopposite . the
stables he heard the sound of Tjreak
ing" glass. Almost immediately after
he received the bullet, which came
from the direction of the -stables. ' He
did not know who broke the window.
: Tlummer was arrested by. Policemen
Evatt and . O'Connor and was later
taken to ' the Central Emergency'Hos
pital byj Detective .Whitaker and Po
liceman Mills, but Keenan could not
identify' him as the man that -shot
him. Plummer, however, admitted
firing. the shot. He .said he was sit
ting in the office of the stables when
some one thre a bricjc through the
window. He.nad-seen three or. four
men coming along Webb street and be
lieved that one of them threw 'the
brick. Thinking the men were
going to attack him 'because he was a
non-union man.he fired the shot. , He
did not know Keenan and had never
seen : him' before. \-. ¦¦••¦'
Keenan was attended, to at the hos
pital- by Dr.:. Hill.' who extracted the
bullet from his right groin.'. Although
the wound 'is serious the doctor does
not think it will prove; fatal. Plummer
was booked at .the City Prison: on a
charge of assault to murder. E. Ram
sey, driver of a milk wagon, living at
712 McAllister street, was an ; eye
witness to the shooting, r ;.. - .-
During, the progress of the fire,. Offl
cer.F. H. Draper had a narrow escape
from serious injury under a falling
ladder. " .
Mr. .Jones says that his property, was
insured for $3500, more than covering
all losses.
The houses at 310 and 314 Clementina
street were damaged on the roof and
back parts of the buildings. The "for
mer is owned and occupied by, Mrs.
Josephine Dupre. The tenants at '3tf
and the flat above it are the families
of Mrs. Kate Frawley and Mrs. A.
Norton. Mrs. Frawley, : an aged and
feeble woman, was ill in bed when 'the
fire started. . \ '-
The blaze, although fierce for, a time,
wo*, brought under control within'fif
teen* minutes and the loss was mainly
confined to the two-story, structure at
312 Clementina street, owned by Frank
Jones, a dealer., '• :
The fire started in the cellar of the
Jones house and the flames were burst
ing from the rear when discovered by
Ed Hagen, who sent in a double alarm.
In the rear of .the house was another
frame building, j also owned by Jones
and occupied by Mrs. Radian, a bakery
employe, and her sister, and j mother.
The place was gutted; and '.the .effects
of the tenants were a total j loss. The
occupants of the "flats fronting the,
street were families of the name of
Anderson and Hart, the latter being
absent from the" city. Their losses'; in
household goods will amount to a - few
hundred dollars. " ¦
At 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon a
fire broke out which threatened the
destruction of an entire row of flats
on Clementina street, between Fourth
and Fifth. ' ¦ C i
John PI nmmer Fires at -Men
That Threw a Brick Into
Office Window of Stables
Fierce Blaze on Clementina
Street Brings Department
to Scene on Double v Call
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. COc flask. Richard & Co.. 400 Clay.*
STRIKER SHOT
BY WATCHMAN
FIRE THREATENS
ROW OF FLATS
William Weed, a teamster who lived
at 1101 Mission street, died at the
Central Emergency Hospital yesterday
and his body was removed to the
Morgue. On Saturday night, shortly
after 8 o'clock. Weed stepped from n.
west-bound electric car on Mission
street, near Fourth, and fell in front
of east-bound car 1080, in charge of
Motorman Pierce and Conductor
Famm. He was picked up uncon
scious and taken to the hospital,
where it was found that his skull had
been fractured. He was about 38
of age.
Fatally Injured by Car.
Burnett'* Extract of Vanilla. Imparts
a superior delicacy of flavor, try It. use it. •
The police were notified yesterday
afternoon that Strom could not live,
and. Assistant Bond and Warrant Clerk
Flood, accompanied by Detectives
Whitaker and O'Dea, went to the hos
pital to take his ante-mortem state
ment. He refused to say that he be
lieved he was going to die. but made a
statement different from that givien by
him before. In his first statement he
said hl3 name was Henry Marshall, and
that he was a sailor on the ship Spar
ttn. He gave his right name to Flood
and said he was on his way to his room
at 523 Kearny* street when he passed
two men on the .sidewalk opposite the
Hall of Justice.
They appeared to be quarreling, and
one of them said to the other, "I
will kill you/' They began sparring at
each other and Strom went up to them,
when the smaller of the two said. "I'll
kill, you too." The other grabbed the
smaller man 6y the shoulder and said.
"Don't kill him; he has done nothing."
Strom turned to walk away, when tha
Assistant Bond and .Wan-ant Clerk T.
J. Kennedy, accompanied by Detective
Whitaker, who is working 1 on the case,
went to the hospital and took Strom's
statement. He said he was standing
on Jackson street, near Montgomery,
when two young men came up, and one
of them said, "This Is the man." and
stabbed him. One of the two was be
tween 16 and 17 years of are. If it had
not been for some soldiers, he believed
he would have been cut to pieces. ¦ If
he saw the man that stabled him he
would not know him. He w,ts so weak
that he was unable to sign" the state
ment.
A few minutes after the atabblnjr a
woman named Maggie Osterdall
pointed out a man at Kearny- and
Commercial streets to Policeman
Brown. The man had a knife in his
hand and the woman said he had
stabbed some one. He had asked her
where the Park House was and Bhe
showed it to him. When the man saw
the woman talking to Brown he fled
to Clay street, and Brown started in
pursuit down Clay to Leidesdorff
street, where the man disappeared In
the darkness. He dropped the knife,
which was picked up by Brown.
CONTRADICTS HIMSEIiF.
. Albert Strom, quartermaster of the
coast surveying steamer Patterson, was
stabbed to the heart by an unknown
man. on Kearny street, opposite the
Hall of Justice, shortly after 3 o'clock
yesterday morning, and the wound may
prove fatal. The police have a good
description of the man who did the
stabbing, and his arrest is expected
soon.
Strom was found lying on the side
walk in front of 807 Kearny street by
Policeman A: E. Holmes, and was sent
to the Harbor Emergency Hospital. He
was suffering from a knife wound over
the left breast, near the heart, and a
lacerated wound on the forehead, over
the left eye. He was later sent- to the
Central Emergency • Hospital, where
Drs. Stephens and Hill found on ex
amination that the point of the knife
had touched' the heart, and that the pa
tient was in a critical condition.
MAKES A STATE3IENT.
Rev. Herbert Hays Takes Charge of
Westminster Presbyterian Church.
The ordination and installation of
the Rev. Herbert E. Hays as pastor
of the Westminster Presbyterian
Church, • Page and Webster streets,
took place yesterday afternoon before
a large ' assemblage" of members of
the church and friends of the new
pastor. .• . . ¦ .
The Rev. Mr. Hays has but recently
graduated from the San Francisco
Theological Seminary and is also a
INSTALL. NEW PASTOR.
Albert Strom, While Acting
Part of Peacemaker, Is At
tacked by One of Two Men
beautiful architectural features and for
the valued addition it assures the re
ligious life of San Francisco.
The church building has been erect
ed out of a fund left by the late Mrs.
Nancy S. Douglass, to whom a suitable
tablet has been placed at the entrance
to the church.
STABS SEAMAN
TO THE HEART
The entire day was most enjoyably
spent. Dancing was the chief amuse
ment at the pavilion both morning
and afternoon. In the early afternoon
those athletically inclined took pan
in races and other out-of-door sports
at the race track.
There were twelve events and the
winners received valuable prizes. The
excursionists did not leave for their
homes until late In the evening.
Picnic of Knights of the Koynl Arch.
The third annual excursion and pic
nic of San Francisco Lodge No.
2. Knights of the Royal Arch, was
held at Schuetzen Park, near San Ra
fael, yesterday. Nearly 1500. people
from San Francisco were in attend
ance.
CHURCH DEDICATED TESTERDAT
AND ITS PASTOR. AND NEWLY
ORDAINED MINISTER.
Preparations have been completed for
the great sale at Baron's. There will
be something doing to-morrow. 10 a, m.
Those swell sample suits and Jackets
will please the ladies at Baron's Manu
facturers' Sale. 762 Market streey •
A Gala Day To-Morrow.
In kindly and, 'warm words the Rev.
Mr. Rader complimented the pastor.
Dr. White, the members and the officers
of the church on its completeness, its
Another handsome and imposing
place of worship was added to the
city's sacred structures yesterday when
the new building of the West Sid?
Christian Church was dedicated with
prayer and song.
The ceremonies began with the morn-
Ing service, and in the afternoon there
were addresses, a sermon, a choir of
twenty voices and an attendance that
was estimated to be more than 1000.
The evening service was also largely
attended, and again there was singing
of beautiful and Joyous hymns, a dedi
catory prayer by the Rev. B. W. Darst
and a sermon by the Rev. Frank S.
Ford.
The communion service in the morn
ing was conducted by Judge E. H.
Bfidgford and George C. Hubbard, and
the sermon by the Ilev. Walter M.
White, D. D.. the pastor.
Especially interesting were the exer
cises of the afternoon, since the frater
nity existing between the evangelical
clergy was made evident by the pres
ence of many of other denominations
than that of the Christian church.
The Rev. E. Nelander, Ph. D., of the
First English Lutheran Church spoke
the invocation, and the Scripture was
read by the Rev. Louis J. Sawyer of
the Hamilton-square Baptist Church,
and while the Rev. Thomas A. Boyer
took the place of the Rev. William
Kirk Guthrie of the First Presbyterian
Church, the cause of whose absence
v.as explained, and delivered the
prayer, the Rev. William Rader of the
Third Congregational Church, repre
senting city churches, made the ad
dress. Then there was the Rev. A. M.
Elston, who preached the sermon, and
the Rev. H. A. Fisk, pastor of the Peo
ple's Place Church, who gave the bene
diction.
Listens to Addresses From a Com
mittee From the San Francisco
Labor Council.
At a meeting of the Typographical
Union, held yesterday at 32 O'Farrell
street, a committee from the San
Francisco Labor Council delivered ad
dresses on the pontest being waged
agralnst the open shop and F. V. Owen,
ex-president of. the Typographical
Union of Stockton spoke of the exist
ing conditions of the organization In
that city.
The union voted 1 $100 to trade
unionists of this city and Louisville,
Ky., and admitted two applicants to
membership. The newly elected of
ficers were duly installed and an arbi
tration agreement between The Call
and the international union was for
mally ratified.
TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION
INSTALLS NEW OFFICERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY ,30, 1904.
Handsome West Side v Christian Church Building Is Consecrated
to Religious Use in the Presence of Large Assemblage and With
Accompaniment of Joyous Hymn and Prayer of Thankfulness
DIVINES OF VARIOUS DENOMINATIONS
JOIN IN GREAT DEDICATORY EXERCISE
12
We call particular attention to the.
following lines of DRESS GOODS.
LADIES' WAISTS and LADIES' and
CENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS which we
will have on SPECIAL SALE all this
week, commencing Tuesday, May 31.
46 pieces ALL-WOOL MISTRAL ETAMINE, 38 lncll8S
wide, in tbe following sMdess Tan, Gran, Cardinal,
Ecru, Mode, Seal, New Bine and Nbyd.
Good Value for 5Oo.
70 pieces 45-1 NCH ALL-WOOL MIXED CHEVIOTS and
FANCY MIXED TWEEDS. Tnese are In a great
variety of patterns and colorings.
Price 50c Yard
Former Prices 75c and 85o Yard.
65 pieces 46 and 50 INCH IMPORTED NOVELTY
TWEEDS and FANCY CHEVIOTS. Tnese goods wepa
Imported to sell at S1.50 and $2.00 per uard.
Present Price $1.00 Yard
175 LADIES' PLAIN WHITE INDIA SILK WAISTS,
trimmed elaborately with French Valenciennes
Lace, In sizes 34, 36, 38 and 4a
Price $4.50 Each
Regular Value $6.5O to S3.5O.
95 LADIES' JAPANESE SILK WAISTS, In N37D, Brown
and White Grounds with small Polka Dots. This is
one of the latest novelties In Summer Waists.
Price $5.00 Each
1800 dozen LADIES' and GENTS' LINEN HANDKER- '
CHIEFS. This Is a spedal purchase and ape In Un-
laundered, Deml-Laundsped, Initialed, Hand Em-
hroldered, Lace Trimmed, Plain Hemstitched and
9 and ll Inch Handkerchief Centers. The entire lot
are marked at less than one-half former prices.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STEEET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ARRIVED— NEW SEASON'S TEAS
Basket Fired Japan — Bee
brand Ceyon.
• We ship fresh groceries
at City Prices to your camp,
or country home — Good
goods — good, packing —
good service. ;'
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
One delivery today — Come early
New Japan Tea— %*? I 45
Mandarin Nectar Tea $
reg'ly 60c Ib
Coffee— Pasha Blend 27 &
Roast or ground— reg'ly 35c Ib
Sweet' MangOeS-Pin money 87#
reg'ly 45c — pint bottla
Devilled Ham- Underwood's
regMy sm'l spec'l res'ly l*e spc'I
15c 12'/ic 25c 20
Boneless Sardines d&o is 15
French— regMy 20c— 30c can is 25
Baker's Chocolate 32#
Unsweetened— reg'ly 40c Ib
Canned Corn-reg'iy i5c can 12$
Good quality " .doz 1.45
Home Soap 8 for 25
reg'ly 6 cakes 25c — laundry use
'Crackers— Butter Thins 'j 25
. 'reg'ly 35c can — National
-Paraffine Wax-reg'iy 20c ib i2j4
' Bromangelon— re'g'iy 12J 16
: Pond'sJExtract-rpg'iy 75c .? 65
Cherry Pitter—Roiinian's 50
Best made— reg'iy 65c *
. Broom— Best broom corn 30
| reg'ly 40c — a clean sweep
Cologne Bouquet Soap 75
reg'ly $1 doz— 3 cakes 20
Wh i Qlr\7^ .Old Crow Bourbon 9S 4 .
WnibKy Hermitage Rye ra $>¦
reg'ly J1.25 bot— JSgal^ t 4
Cherries in Marasquin 45
French— reg'ly 50c qt bot
Golden Riesling-Rich-fruity 65
reg'ly spc'I reg'ly spc'I
' doz pts $2.25— $1.90 doz qts $4-3.35
Port— Private Stock— . 50
v reg'ly 75 bottle— $2.50 g-J #2
Gin-DC L— Dry 85
Old Tom— reg'ly $1 bot
French ¦ Claret-st Juiien h °% lae
2 doz pts 1 doz qts
reg'ly $6 reg'ly $4.75
special 5 special 4
Orange Bitters 90
FiekTs— reg'ly $1 bottle/
426—432 Pine St. Phone Private Bzchange 1
230—234 Sutter St. " * " - - . " 100
2S29 California St. " West 101
Cor. 13th and CUy St, Oakland, Phone Main 1
Baby's bright eyes, rosy
checks, firm flesh and sound
limbs are the results of using
Mellin's Food.
Ton wU be c'-»d that you sent for a sample
of Mellin's Food when you s«e how eagerly
baby takes it.
MELLIITS FOOD CO., BOSTON, MA8S.
ViQ Perfect Fitting ftp
pi Eyeglasses (^
jj At Moderate Cost (\
statement
OF THE
COXDITIOX AXD AFFAIRS
OF THE
Globe and Rutgers Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW TOHK. IX THE STATE OF
JCew Tork. en the 31st day of December.
Jl. X>. 1803. and for the year ending on that
6ay, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to tbe pro-
visions of sections 010 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per black furnished by tbe
lComraitsloner :
CAPITAL.
f&znecat of Caoltal Stock, paid dp
In Cash J400.00* 00
j ASSETS. "~ ~
{Real Erttte o-wned by Company... 173,000 00
iXioaas on Bonds and Mortgages... M.00U Ou
C&ah Market Value of all Mocks
, and Bonds owoed by Company.. 1.2*5.642 00
?Cash In Company's Office 3,676 70
ICash In Banks 66,573 I'J
interest due &nd accrued on all
' Etocks and Loans 7,298 66
{interest -> due and accrued oa
¦ Bonds and Mortgages ' 1,069 97
X'remiums In due Course of Col-
-tection 46S.&SO 63
-V Total assets tl.960.S81 45
LIABILITIES. ~~' ~ "
Siosses adjusted and unpaid £3,341 r.0
ft «*«f ¦ In process of Adjustment
I or In Sutpense 64.287 18
2<oeaes resisted. Including expenses 7,elO 33
Qross premiums on Fire Risks
runsinc oo« year or less. $1,637.-
h 'V72 44; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 918.MC 23
<rrot* crtmiiuai on Fir* Risks
run&inc more than one ye*r. J&2.-
¦ 627 Cl; reinsurance pro rata.... C5.324 81
%>n* and to become due for bor-
- r«wed money 60,000 09
X>ue and to become due for com-
- jalssiona and brokerace 70,282 57
tyl other stabilities :.. 200 00
A Total llablUUes (1.222.238 «o
INCOME. "~ ~
itrt cash actually recelred for
p TIt* premiums 11,602 2S4 23
5lecMv«d tor interest oa Bonds
„ aad MortlfaEes 2,715 00
tJ«celred for tnterest aad dlvl-
- eends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans,
. and from all other source* 40.001 07
Received for IUr.ts 6,290 CO
Received from all other sources.. ig- oo
Total Income $1,650,477 90
EXPENDITURES. "^ "
2?et amrmnt paid for Fire Losses
1 <!=c!uc!ns 996.73 97. losses of
previous years 1583,028 63
net amount paid for Marine
j Losses (including $ — r . losses of
¦ previous rears) 11 66
Dividends to Stockholders 44,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commlssloa
;or Brokerage 244,623 94
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
¦ cnarces for officers, clerks. «-tc. 34,2X0 I"
jUl other payments and expendi-
tures 62.664 01
Total expenditures ...^ $1,068,600 33
Fire.
TiQtmi tnenrrea dcrlnr tfa* year $725,275 71
!Ufk« and Premiums. Flr«*Rlsks.| Premiums.
amount of Risks
¦ vrlttea darinc the
year $131.216;357 $2,013,728 09
iiet amount of Risks!
expired during the
rear W.S81.M5 1,240,988 23
5Jet amount In force
December SI. l»03. 115.008.lgg 1.930.499 98
* E. C JAMESON. President.
LTMAN CANDEE. Eocmary.
Eubvcrlbed aad sworn to before me. this 9th
iay of February. 1904.
TO. L. LIND3AT. Notary Pabile.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS
411 and 413 California St
SAN FRANCISCO, GAL.
To-Morrow
§ There Will Be Something I
I Doing I
I a AT PRAGERS
I JL?03\ % ¦ 1T11SS l\f I
j r^^-f^ha « • ~ ~* 3
j AL^VASTSS RELIABLE 1
j \** 1^38- 1250 MARKET ST.jffiJ 1
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
vJIeyelopinb- I
'^ and PRINTING, ft
¦""*) Read the following: figures If
*^ and then send In your . I
•p' orders: I
(1 DEVELOPING. I
(1 Boll of 6 10c Roll of 12.... 15c I
If PRINTINO. I
¦ Folio finish ...3c to 5c I
I Velox flnlih 8c to 60 I.
I DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS— I
ff All popular sizes at my usually low I
I prices. Cameras repaired at reason- . I
n able rates. • a
II Mall orders promptly filled. ll
U THAT MAN'PITTS ll
,1 • P.' W. PITTS the SUtioner, 1/
jl 1008 MARKET ST., above Powell. I
II Ban Francisco. H
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GTJAEAHTEED CTTBK POB BX£H.
HAaitLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in a .few days. Warranted to euro
worst cases. HO OTHEE TREATMENT
KEQUXBED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
T. 8. PUT'S PHABMACT, 102 Eddy.
tf^ 13 IB A Outfit". Guns, Axnmunl-
I " £1 Hnl I tlon - FJ^hln* and OuUngr
I . £1 Illi B"* G oodi. Tents and Guns to
I #41 HI I n * nt - CATALOG FREE.
W It I ¦ 1 1 BHREVE & BARBER CO.
738 Market st.
131 Kearny «C 8. r. . , ri -
ASVE&TISE2ISNTS.
I |L More Good Tea Jl |
I More Good Coffee |
I More Good Spices 1
I More Coupons I
I More Pretty Premiums!
1 o Watch Our % |
I W Prices Talk, jj] |
I I It Pays to Trade I N
I Great American Importigg Tea Go's I
P Stores I
B S61 Market 219 Grant are. 1419 Polk I
H 140 Sixth 1319 Davindero 705 I .arlt in H
D 475 Hairht S0C6 Sixteenth 355 Hayes E
tj 3285 Mission £21 Montjr'y avo. 62 Market M
H 20CSFiUmore 2516 Mission 146 Ninth H
g 366 Third 469 Fonrth 2732 a4th M
REMOVAL SALE
CONTINUED
This Week Only at
933 MARKET STREET
Bargains in new and second-
hand machines — All makes.
WHEELER & WILSON
A\F"G. CO.
Haw Quartern,
No. a 3 x SUTTER STREET.
i~Moet& i
Gftandon]
SEAL (Grand Cuvee> j
in Quality '3
iDryness wn? Flavor " 1
'— JKrur y%rk Time* \
;WilliamWolffaC<4
Pacific Coast Agents *• \
Jan Francuco
! |ASTHMANOLA|
Za thm only cure for ZTervons a»4
Bronchial iSTHilA.
Tour Drursrlst or at 38S IXAIGUT **••
. . Saa Fraaclsco. . CU. .... * *