<? LONDON,: May jlO.---TheiDaIly|Ma!l
this 'morning, says ,it., understands 'that
a '.British c on Las$'a A ia -now;
inevitable "•*: and : • that ¦ "preparations * to
that end* are! progressing-..', ¦ '.-- .-•.' '.. ... ,
ToAdvancejon-Lassa.
BERLIN, May' 9.^-The^ Deutsche
Bank to-day decided to .Issue $5,000,
000 new> capital and absorb the Ber,
liner . Baiik, *; whose ..capital • is !$10,'
600,000.: . : After; the<. increase the
Deutsche . A Bank's i. capital" -will- be
$45,000,000--
Bank Acquires Immense Capital.
• BUDAPEST, May 9.— rThe funeral
of jMaurus . K. Jokai, j the .'.•Hungarian
novelist, -who idled Thursday l as t, was
held There j was an^ enor
mous attendance:.. Among -those pres
ent'were: all the > members of!the Hun- ;
garian Ministry >rid the; members of
Parliament. . * * \ '¦ . • ":; -
Hungarian -.Novelist Buried.
Young Griffith Slill Mi-sins.
LOS ANGELES, May 9. — Vandell
Griffith, the 14-year-oU son of Col
onel Griffith J. Griffith, the Los An
geles capitalist now in Jail under sen
tence " for the - shooting of . % hls wife,
who disappeared from the home of his
mother several da. ago and who was
thought, to have been kidnaped. Is
still missing and no trace of him has
been found by his relatives. The po
lice are working on the com.
BUTTE,. .Mont., .May 9. —^An Ana
conda special' to the Miner says that
the .body of M. Wright, who has been
missing since last November, has been
found ; in :. the '. weeds . of Georgetown
Lake, where, with Welbridge Williams,
he 'is sppposed to have been drowned,
thelrj boat being capsized "while the
two men were* duck hunting. Wright
was one. of the best known sportsmen
in Montana and a prominent Mason.
Hunter's Body Found in the Weeds.
SACRAMENTO, May -9. — Richard
Beskeen, an employe . In the Southern
Pacific Company's shops, had his life
crushed out in the railroad yards thid
morning.. He was employed in repair-
Ing a car, which with several others
was on a switch. The car under
which Beskeen was working and the
one next to it were supported on props.
In some manner not yet explained one
of the props under the car next to the
one Beskeen was working under gave
way, throwing the car upon the un
fortunate workman. BSE
Raihroad Employe Ivllled.
WINNIPEG. Manitoba, May 1 9.— At
Moose Lake John Schuster, aged 14,
murdered his "eight-year-old . sister . by
beatings out her brains. with,<a^poker.
The -boy's father,, it is -alleged, buried
the "body. '¦with the hope "of , hiding the
crime, i but the matter ' became . known
arid the* boy "was arrested. .. . ,
Father of Children Buries Body ; ¦ With
. ¦ oiit . Reporting . Crime ','ta , .
¦*.. 'Authorities. '
BROTHER ;* TAKES'XIFE .
OF .YOUNGER SISTER
The'Cabinet has resigned; owing to the
organization of a union of all sections
of Liberals,, and a new Cabinet will be
formed to-morrow and it will be sup
ported by a large majority of the Lib
eral'elements. :.'-",".•. • "'
New,' Body Will Be Formed, Sup
ported by a Large Majority-^
.: A ' of Liberals. :
SANTIAGO DE .CHILE, ; May 9. —
CABINET OFi CHILE £
v ~ . ; OFFERS- RESIGNATION
Minister Jackson Goes Through Cere
mony With King Peter at
Belzrade Palace.
BELGRADE. May 9. — John B.
Jackson, United States Minister to
Servia, delivered his credentials to
King Peter to-day. The Minister was
escorted to and from the palace by a
detachment of the King's guards.
PLACES CREDENTIALS
•IN' HANDS OF SERVIA
; .MANAGUA, 'Nicaragua,' May y 9.-^-
Interior Minister Altamlrand , Nic
aragua^ Foreign: Minister ~\ Ordonez of
Honduras " and " Foreign .Minister' Gbn
zales* of 1 Salvador^, ' met* recently Jat
Amapala ' and 'discussed; the political
affairs^ of their ; respective 'countries.
The' result". was' so satisfactory that'.the
proposed "conference of Jthe Presidents
of I the three "republics is considered
unnecessary. \ ,On their J arrival at San
Salvador jSenorsfAltamirano .and Or
donez* received an' ovation! : /
Presidents of Nicaragua, Honduras
V , and .Salvador Decide Ministers \
¦-¦ Ha re Arranged All ; Affairs.
REFUBIilCS SATISFIED . » - ;
, ; WITH THE COXFEREXCE
MARSHAULTOWN*. Iowa, May 9. —
Suddenly and without a moment's
warning to the large congregation.
whose heads were bowed while the
minister prayed^for their welfare, the
Rev. O. P- Newell, pastor of the
Methodist Episcopal church here. fell,
stricken with paralysis in his pulpit.
For a moment the parishioners were
terror-stricken and the form of the
pastor was allowed to pitch headlong
to the floor. He cannot live.
Worshipers In » Church Startled
by Sudden Fatal Illness of
Minister.
STRICKEN' PASTOR FAIXS
HEADLONG FRO3I PULPIT
¦ Nothing further has ':• been : heard of
the Japanese transports which .were
seen" recently near. Kaichau. '¦ ''¦¦,-: ¦" '-¦'¦.
% The Russians are commandering"cat
tle on. the. west- side of the Liab : River
and-the Chinese 'are -indignant at this
procedure. Eight hundred head of cat
tle have been seen at\YIrilcow- . * ;
A Jarinese; spy : has been discovered
at- Newchwang. ¦ He '¦ was approached
by; Russians,; who pulled-at his'que'ue,
which came -off.' -He ' was" take'ii. pris
oner, / ; but * subsequently ;,\vith
the*; help .' of sorne*^ Chinese,':' who^ dis
tracted : the' fp.tten^tIon\bf^the*|RuVsiaiis.'
'The 'dynarrio'ebrijiected with the; mine
at * Newch'wang ?has^ not 7 : been'- removed."
The • evacuation of Newchwang \ con
tinues., The" Russian authorities i hare
promised \ to. leave a " sufficient rear
guard ;to prevent pillaging by the Chi
nese* bandits who » are in the'' vicinity
and awaltfnr an' opportunity' to get
into" the city.""- * " ' * :' : '.:'•¦*
SHANHAIKWAN, May.. 9.— A ) mer
chant here ;who^is ,in 'a , position to have
trustworthy information has Informed a
correspondent, that uat^Port 'Arthur
there Is pnly ; coal sufficient to ; last the
warships for six weeks and t that the
food" supply 'there will suffice for '8000
men for three rnonths : only. • v .
A general who knows the secrets ; of
the • mobilization tells me that the last
one thousand men making the required
600,000, w'iir leave Kagari July 11, add
ing, "We will; be very.sick if. the'rail
way is not working, well. It .is not
likely .that' General / Kuropatkin / will
fatigue his "troops unnecessarily. If the
Japanese ; press him he will retire from
Liaoyang to Mukden,' or even to ' Har
bin. Retreat T certainjly is'painful, but
it now is indispensable!".... • . ',•; .
'-General Kuropatkin . has :; ordered . a
general retreat^andno doubt.intends to
avoid, a battle .until he has, sufficient
forces. He. has actually at. his disposal
not more than; 150,000" soldiers, hot' ex r
elusive ,of : the garrison at , Port "Arthur,
which consists* of 30,000, and the garri
son at Newchwahg-of 15,000. V *
| PARIS,; May , 10 —The correspondent
at St. Petersburg of the Echo de Paris
saysr" '¦'-.'¦ -\'/' ' '¦ ' I V^'^-'-
LONDON, -May io. — The
Daily Telegraph's Seoul corre
spondent says: V ' . .
"It is believed here that a poi
tion of the Russian Vladivostok
fleet has [b'een^ successfully, shut
out and is now in the'Sea of -Japan
trying to evade' the Japanese." V
"WASHINGTON, May 9.— Just before
the "loop the gap" act of Barnum &
Bailey's .circus came on this afternoon
a severe wind and rain storm suddenly
arose, and for a moment there was a
small-sized panic among the 10,000 peo
ple in the big tent. President Roose
velt's children, Ethel and Archie, ac
companied by maids and the White
House, coachman, occupied a box di
rectly in the center of the tent cind for
a time were surrounded by hurrying
crowds of people pressing down from
the seats above, j All in the box, how
ever, kept cool, and among those who
seemed have the least fear were the
President's children themselves.
' The wind blew a gale for five or six
minutes and the bit? show tent was
filled with dust and sawdust from the
streets and surrounding grounds. The
big poles buckled, but stood the strain.
Many women and children -- became
frightened and there was a general
rush for the exits. The circus attend
ants and, city . policemen prevented | ex
treme ' disorder and not a . single mis
hap was recorded. After the wind sub
sided rain came down in torrents and
the spectators again rushed back to
the tent where," after a brief, suspen
sion, the show was resumed. Instead
of being frightened, the President's
children seemed to \ enjoy the incident
and /the excitement" did not detract
from their, afternoon's pleasure.
Sp*clal Dispatch to The Call
A number of men in a house near by,
hearing the shooting 1 rushed- to the sa
lcon.i frightening: the 'outlaws away.
Axtell was .found with" his i head lying
om a- shattered ; . show - case, . his life
blood, ebbing .-; rapidly^ away. . ! Axtell
jvastaibrother of Representative Frank
Axtell-of, Silver -.Bow- County. The
robbers ; secured •'little- booty. • '¦
I BUTTE. Mont., May 9.— William Ax
tell/ a well known saloon man of Basin,
a small mining camp in the mountains
forty miles north of Butte, % was shot
and killed . early this morning^by ban
dits.' It appears that Axtell- was sleep
ing in , a chair when the command , to
throw up f his 'hands was given 7 him.
Withan'oath, the robbers shot^him
through the mouth before he was fully
awake. : • - ' ; * " . '
Special Dispatch to The Call
Russia's [Forces
Not Ready to
Battle.
Storm Causes Great
Excitement at
\ a Circus.
TWO RUSSIAN'COMMANDERB "AND
ONE OF -.THfc WAR /BAL
LOONS. - . ' r ". •.:
Mm Slay, Saloon
His Till.
THUGS KILL
VICTIM AS
HE SLEEPS
R0OSEVELT
CHILDREN
IN A PANIC
Captain Ferrera and his officers held
a council of war. It was determined
to kill the tarantulas and centipeds
by fumigating the hold. Thla was ac
cordingly done. The hatches then were
replaced and sulphur was allowed to
do its work. Later the hatches were
removed and dead insects were seen
on top of the cargo of bones.
"When the sailors went below they
discovered a horde of tarantulas and
centipeds prepared to give battle. As
the crawling enemy advanced to the
attack, the sailors prepared to repulse
them. They had armed themselves
with long, strong bones and with these
they fought and beat off tarantulas
and centipeds. It was a fight against
too heavy odds. The foe was too nu
merous. 'As fast as cne . tarantula
would be killed another would take It3
place.
In the battle not a few of the seamen
were nipped in the legs and were saved
from serious bites by the sea boots they
wore. Those sailors who were in the
hold of the bark soon became exhausted
and others of the crew took their
places. But they could not get rid of
their tenacious foes.
Then the fighting sailors clambered
out of the hold upon deck, leaving the
tarantulas complete victors. Some of
the tarantulas tried to follow the re
treating seamen, but as soon as they
showed themselves above the hatches
they were easily destroyed. After the
retreat of the sailors, the tarantulas
and centipeds again took refuge in the
bones.
PHILADELPHIA, May 9.— The Ital
ian bark Anlat Menoth arrived in port
to-night with a cargo of bones. When
the hatches were lifted and prepara
tions were made to unload the cargo,
the sailors had an experience that al
most turned their hair white.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Vicious Foe Is Too Numerous and
Sea-Going Italians Ara Obliged
to Flee for Their Lives.
Army of Poisonous Insects
Makes Attack on the
Seamen.
Perilous Battle Occurs
in the Hold of a
- Vessel :¦
SAILORS
FIGHT WITH
CENTIPEDS
Kditnr John P. Young in London.
LONDON. May 97— John P. Young,
managing editor of the San Francisco
Chronicle, and Mrs. Young, after a
tour of Egypt, the Holy Land and the
Continent, have arrived in England.
They tvIII return to the United States
May 25. . r, ——____
LODI, May 9.— William Rowe of
Modesto died between Lodi and'Acam
po yesterday morning.: The man. was
on his way to Bartlett Springs for the
benefit of his health. No - physician
was attending the man. The inquest
was held this morning and 'the verdict
was that death was, due. to. heart 'dis
ease. Rowe's wife and three children
srere with ! him when - death came.
Dies En Route »~ Health Resort.
Withdrawals From Clearing -House.
NEW YORK, May 9.— Three 'trust
companies under supervision of : ttie
Clearing-house announced to-day their
decision to abandon Clearing-house
privileges rather than submit to "the
10 per cent- reserve requirement, which'
becomes effective June j 1 next. After
these withdrawals only three out of
thirty-nine trust companies doing bus
iness in Manhattan will have Clearing
house ¦ privilege's,'-, and* one of these Is
about to discontinue Its relations with
the 'Clearing-house,-;' • • : ....'-• •¦ ;,
State Will .Collect a Big Tax.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.7 May
9. — Judsre J. A. Elston. appraiser for
•the htratton estate, to-day filed his re
port on the appraisement of the prop
erty cf the deatf multi-millionaire mln
•ing man. Judge Elston finds that the
total value of the estate at the time
of the death of Winfleld Scott Stratton
rras JC.307.166 and that the amount
due to the State under the Inheritance
tax Jaw is 5362,844.
SAN BERNARDINO. May 9. — Gov
ernor Pardee, accompanied by Wal
ter S. Melick, secretary of the State
Board . of Examiners, .has been at
Highlands to-day in attendance upon
the monthly meeting: of the board of
trustees of the State asylum, where
the books of the late secretary, A. C.
Clarke, are undergoing an Investiga
tion. Word reached here to-night tha£
the experts who are. at work on the
books have found peculations j to the
amount of 54376. The work of the
accountants is not yet completed and
the total shortage may be greater than
this amount. The books, show sums
missing, as far back as 1897. The
shortage Is entirely in the "patients'
fund, of which the late secretary had
full charge. • - >.' r C?-
Trustees at San Bernardino
Institution.
Executive Attends Meeting of the
GOVERNOR PROBING
AFFAIRS AT ASYLUM
Miss Parshall has canceled a contem
plated visit, to the East. She does not
care to go anywhere, she declares"
"Now that poor Tihy's dead."
Since the poodle's C.ath Miss Far
shall has displayed hysterical grief and
has been ¦ confined to ! her > apartments.
Meanwhile the late lamented poodle
hzs been carefully embalmed and cof
fined by a, leading firm of undertakers
and will be shipped to San Francisco,
there., to be. given burial, in .the family
vault of its owner. «•"
VICTORIA, B. C., May 9.— :iiss
Grace Parehall, % a former - resident of
San Francisco - '••' * heiress of the late
J. Oliver, the heaviest. owner of realty
in British Columbia, refuses to.be.con
soled since the death of her diminutive
poodle- "Tiny." The dog passed away
after an' operation by an experienced
veterinary, who removed 5 a S stomach
tumor.
Special Dispatch to The. Call
Appeal Is Blade to Italian Consul
In New Orleans for
Relief.
MOBILE. Ala., May s._ A j ocal
pajer has received a telegram from a
member of the new Italian colony at
Palermo, forty miles north of Mobile
ctating that the colonists are in want
that children need food, and that con
.oitlons at the colony are pitiable. An
feppeal is made for aid and the writer
Fays the Italian Consul at New Or
" leans has been advised of the situa
• tion. The colony is made up of Ital
*i-ans recently brought from their na
•tiv<? land.
* COLONISTS SUFFERING
FOR FOOD IN ALABAMA
BUTTE, Mont.. May 9.— During a
bloody row late last night at Meader
vttle Larry Connich. an Austrian, fat
ally wounded his brother. Jce Connich.
kicking the latter's face into an un
recognizable pulp. The two men, who
¦V*re wrangling over famUy differ
ences, squared off in a saloon and dur
ing an exchange of blows Joe Connich
was knocked down, whereupon his
brother Jumped on his face, crushing
his countenance with the hobnails of
his' heavy shoes, commonly worn by
miners. Connich's death occurred to
night.
counter in Montana Mining
Tou-n Saloon.
Eptclil Dtsp«.tch to Tbe C«l!.
Tmo .*ustrians Hare Fatal En-
KILLS HIS BROTHER
DURING FAMILY ROW
FRESNO. May 9. — About 2 o'clock
this morning E. D. Edwards, a well
known attorney, wa3 attacked by mur
derous thugs on his way home. He
was badly beaten with some weapon
and his valuables taken. In a dazed
condition he crawled several blocks to
his home, and went to bed. Nothing
was known of the aiair till his, wife
went to call him this morning. Ed
wards was returning home after a
heavy night's work. When he reached
the corner of J and San Joaquin streets
three masked men assaulted him.
He was struck from behind and ren
dered unconscious. The thugs then
beat him till his face is black and blue.
A large gash was cut in 'his head, the
blood from which . wound left a trail
from the place*"of attack to his home.
The men got but little money but took
several articles of value. Including a
watch valued at. $300. By means of
this watch, of which there are only
a few in existence, the police hope to
locate the footpads.
Way Home and Take His
Valuables.
Thugs Waylay E. D. Edwards on His
ATTORNEY- OF -FRESNO
BEATEN AND ROBBED
MAIDEN ILL
OVER DEATH
OF HER PUG
Ten years of letter- writing followed
and finally Lewis prevailed upon her
to come to America and renew the lov
ing Ufa which they had led as children.
After tearful leavetakings of her aged
mother and her three sisters the bride
to-be left her quiet home for America.
She arrived in St. Louis Thursday night
and went Immediately to the Hotel Mil
ton, where she was joined by Lewis.
Age had altered both,' but love recog
nized itself and the scene when- they
met in the corridor of the hotel was
affecting. Lewis owns- large mining
properties In Nevada. •¦ -¦
. ST. LOUIS, May 9.— Separation for.
twejjtyj-twp y~e.ar^tay^be^'road_A|lantIe,
Ocean was powerless to dampen the
chlidhood affection of pretty little j'Miss
Catherine ._ Jones of Wales and David
J. Lewis of Keystone, _Nev.
- The romance began in*a small Welsh
village, where the two attended the
same school, and ended last midnight
when the two were married. by Rev.
Dr. .Cunningham. When Lewis at the
age of twelve years came to America
with his parents little Catherine re
mained behind. The boy entered into
the race for fame and fortune in the
Nevada mines. When his position in
the mining State was assured, after
years of strenuous endeavor, he thought
or the pretty little girl he had left. in
Wales and opened correspondence with
her.
Miner Sends Abroad
lor His Cliildliood
Henry Morton Stanley, the famous
African explorer, was born in Wales in
1E4L When three years old he was
placed in the poorhouse of St. Asaph,
where he remained ten years and re
ceived an education which enabled him
to teach school. When fifteen years
old he sailed as cabin-boy in a vessel
to New Orleans and was there adopted
by a man named Stanley, whose name
he look In ! dace of * his - original one.
which was John "Rowlands. • He en
listed in the Confederate army, was
captured and afterward Joined the Fed
eral army. He served In Turkey as a
war correspondent in. 1867 and also in
Abyssinia. Later he was sent to Africa
to find Dr. Livingston, who had not
been heard from for two years, and he
accomplished this mission and went to
Africa again.
It was at this time that he gained
worldwide renown as an explorer, and
his achievements won for htm high
honors from the courts of Europe and
the most noted universities. In 1S90 he
married Miss Dorothy Tennant in
Westminster Abbey. He wrote a num
ber of books which have gained great
favor.
LONDON, May 10.— Sir Henry M.
Stanley, the African explorer, is dead.
The first train had been held up by
repairs at Fifty-sixth street and was
at a standstill when the accident oc
curred. The i ear train was running
empty.
• With R.*di force did the " rear train
'ram the oj^ in front that the cars were
lifted trora the tracks and then set
tled down with a crash. Tottering on
the edge of the elevated structure two
cars hung out over the side at an angle
of about 43 degrees, but the couplings
held and they were soon propped up
by firemen. So great was the force of
the collision that the cars could not
be drawn apart, and* it was necessary
to chop them to pieces.
When the firemen arrived the passen
g-ers. many of whom were women,
were running about wildly on the ele
vated structure or were struggling to
get out of the cars. Several were in
jured by leaping from the windows.
Th*» arrest of the conductors of both
trains and the motorman of the .first
train wag ordered.
NEW YORK, May 9. — A rear end
collision between two trains on the
Third-avenue Elevated Railroad be
tween Fifty-sixth and Fifty-seventh
etreets this afternoon killed Motorman
Cornell of the rear train and seriously
Injured five passengers. Fire apparatus
wag summoned and the firemen took
the injured down on ladders. The
accident occurred at one of the busiest
times in the afternoon, and traffic on
clevatfd and surface lines was blocked.
The- trains were on the southbound
track- The first car of the rear train
smashed its way throogh the rear. car
of the first train, anil the exposed
•wiring set fire to the wreckage. The
fire added to the panic. .Passengers
leaped through the shattered windows,
braving the dangers of the third rail.
s.nd unfil firemen and police arrived
intense excitement prevailed. .
LOVE LIVES
AFTER LONG
SEPARATION
Vomen Eush Frantically About a
Platform Where the Mass of
Wreckage Is Blazing.
Panic Prevails and Pas
sengers Leap Through
Broken Windows.
Famous Man's Career
Is Closed in
. London,
EXPLORER
STANLEY'S
LIFE ENDS
Sharp Crash ol Cars
Over New York
Street.
ELEVATED
TRAINS IN
COLLISION
JAPANESE WARSHIPS CUT OFF PART O F VLADIVOSTOK FLEET.
KUROPATKIN FEARS DISASTER AND ORDERS GENERAL RETREAT
Continued • on > Page 2,. Column • 6.
Alcazar— "Taa Two Schools.- --
Alhambrir--SeinDrlch Coacert.
California — "OvCtSvw Minister^
Central — "The Y&.T99+ Km>»
teers."
Chntes — Vaudeville.
Celnmbl*— "Xos;ers Brothers la
London."
Grand — "Claopatra."
Orphemn — Vaudeville.
rKechanlcs* Pavilloa — Xndnstrlal
Exposition.
Tlvoli — "A Buaaway Girl.''
\ TBJi < » THE ATEBS.
Voreeut sutda at S*n Fraa
eUco for thirty hours «ndla«
miOaitht. Stay 10:
Baa rruolico sad vicinity—
Cloudy; cooler Tne«a«T. with
for: lisrtt southwesterly wind*.
dxAsrluff to brisk westerly.
A. O. aCoADXS.
District Forecaster.
TSZ WBATKX&*
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN' FRANCISCO, 'TUESDAY;; MAY ; IP;- 1904.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 162.
The San Francisco Call.BKRL.IN. May 9.— Embassador . ¦ and .. Mrs.
Tower returned here to-day from . , Rom* by
wu* of Parla, ' " ' » " ' - • >
The Union and Southern Pacific. tourist cam
take you direct to j Chicago or St. Louis with
out'change.-', They" are clean., roomy and com
fortable and many notable Improvements have
lately been - Introduced in lighting, upholster-,
ing and lavatory facilities. See S. F. Booth.
Oeneral Agent, '. U. P." R. R,, . 1 , Montgomery.
The Direct Tourist Car Line.
WASHINGTON, May 0.— The time of the
Tyner.and Barrett trial on charges of con
splraey in. the Pootofnce Department was de
voted to-day to testimony , regarding the time
and terms of Mr. Barret's attorneyship for va
rious bond Investment companies.
INJURED BY PREMATURE BLAST.—
Neils Anderson, a workman at Warren's
Camp, near the county line, had his right
foot badly crushed yesterday by the premature
explosion of a slant powder blast. It may
be necessary to remove the injured member.
silence -with which they had watched
the battle and shouted "Banzai!".
Already foot soldiers, batteries and
packtrains were streaming on to the
island by every road, and to-night the
entire Japanese , army will be in Man
churia.
Official estimates of the Japanese
casualties are not given out; but a cor
respondent saw ( 300 Japanese and
seventy Russians reclining," wounded,
in one field hospital. \
WILCOX IS HER GUARDIAN.— A. B. Wil
non was yesterday appointed guardian of the
person and estate of Eva L. Piepenberg. also
known as Eva I,. Geandrot.' an Inmate of a
sanitarium at Ltvermore. Wilcox's bond w*a
fixed at $50)0.
. CHILDREN ENTERTAIN.— An entertain
ment In the form of a one-act farce was, given
by the children of St. . John's Presbyterian
Sunday-school at 2203 Central avenue last
night. The hall was draped in Oriental fash-
Ion for the occasion. Music was furnished by
the Presidio band.
LIMA, Peru, May 9.— Three new cases of
bubonic pla«ue have been reported in Lima.
CLAIMS LAWSON'IS SLOW.— Henry Hau
etein. a contractor, who is the plaintiff in a
euit against the Tivoli Theater Com
pany, tried some time ago before Justice of
tho Peace Lawson, applied to th« Superior
Court yesterday for a writ of mandate com
pelling JAWsun to render his decision ln the
mutter. He cays that Lawaon Is unnecessarily
•low. . .
HONOLULU, May 9.— Henry Voel
ker, a member of the Hospital Corps,
who was on his way to the Philippines
on the transport. Thomas, was drowned
while bathing in the harbor to-day.
He, was a native of Brooklyn, aged 18
years.
Soldier Drowned nt Honolulu.
San Francisco— E. Greenway, C. P.
Hall, at the Hoffman; S. Baker, at the
St. Denis; F. E. Burke, at the Hotel
Navarre; H. C. Churchill, W. J. Gor
ham, at the Astor House;. J. J. Grant,
at the Ashland House; F. N. Hubbell,
at the Grand Unions A. Kuhn and
wife, at the Plaza.
San Rafael — O. C. Fernbach, at the
Grand Union.
Los Angeles — Mis3 Clayton, at the
Park Avenue; A. J. ReithmuIIer and
wife, at the Albert.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, May 9. — The follow
ing Californians have arrived at the
hotels:
Harold T. Clarke was the son of Jere
miah Clarke, a lawyer, who died in this
city about fifteen years ago. At the
time of his father's death he became
heir to a considerable fortune, which the
latter had accumulated In real estate.
For some years he remained on the
coast, but he had a fancy for travel
ing and roamed over the northern
lands as well as the eastern section of
the country. He left San Francisco
for the' East about one year ago. After
spending some time in Detroit he went
to New York, where he devoted the
winter to studying law. Recently, as a
vacation, he Journeyed to Paris, where
his mother was. In addition to his
mother, he. leaves two sisters, Mrs.
Charles G. Lyman and. Mrs. Charlotte
Wright, and one brother, Edward H. j
Clarke, Who was much talked of a
short time ago by his marriage with
Rosalind Bower, known as the "Sweet j
Pea girl."
Captain Charles G. Lyman, the un
fortunate man's brother-in-law, when
seen last nisrht said: "Harold Clarke,
though not a quiet sort of man, never
Indulged in a strenuous life such as
would bring him to suicide. The dis
patches stated that he took his own
life and I presume they are correct,
although his mother did not mention
that fact in the ' message I received
from her. The- information i3 also
given but that he lost heavily at Mon
te Carlo. If hie did lose a . few thou
sand dollars it could not affect him
much, as his property is all v intact in
this city and he has not once since his
departure drawn on his income." ,The
only cause for suicide I could give
wduld be despondency."
Shortly after the news of Clarke's
death was received here Captain C. G.
Lyman, brother-in-law of the deceased,
filed an application -for' the appoint
ment of special • administrator of. the
estate. Lyman's petition recites that
the application Is made upon the re
quest of Charlotte Clarke, the mother
of the decedent, and his only heir at
law. The other heirs are Edith Lyman,
wife of the petitioner, a sister; Char
lotte H. "Wright, another sister, and E.
K.Clarke, a brother.
; Clarke's estate, according to Lyman,
consists of realty and personal prop
erty that yields an income.of about $350
per. month. - , _ ¦ r
LONDON, May 9.— A dispatch to the
Exchange Telegram Company from St.
Petersburg announces the death there
at 9 o'clock this morning of M. Pleske,
late Minister of Finance.
M. Pleske, who was born in 1S52, was
the son of a Russian general of Ger
man extraction. He entered the Min
istry of Finance when twenty years of
age and was credited with being a dis
ciple of M. de Witte, whom he suc
ceeded as Minister of Finance. In De
cember, last, M. Pleske became serious
ly ill as the result of an Injury to his
spine in a carriage accident some time
previously and was obliged to undergo
an operation and ln January of this
year was Bald to be' dying, peritonitis
having set in. He was at that time
relieved from hia duties as Minister of
Finance and transferred to the Coun
cil of the Empire. '
Minister Pleske Is Dead.
PARIS, May 9.— Harold T. Clarke, liv
ing in New York and San Francisco,
son of the late Jeremiah Clarke of San
Francisco, killed himself ln a leading
hotel here to-day by blowing off the
top of his head with a revolver. He had
been touring the continent for several
months and had just arrived in Paris
from Monte Carlo, where it is under
stood he lost heavily. Clarke's mother
and sister, who are in this city, are
unable to give the slightest clew to the
cause of his suicide. The deceased was
31 years of age. The body will be ship
ped to the United States.
Captain Lyman Applies for
Position of Administrator
of Property of Deceased
HAS AN ESTATE HEBE
on His Return to 4 Paris
Young San Franciscan Com
mits Suicide With Pistol
The correspondent adds that the ban
dits have attacked and cut other parts
of the railroad and points out that the
capture of Dalny will enable the Jap
anese to cut off Port Arthur's electri
cal supply.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 10, 3:40
a. m. — A letter written by the Asso
ciated Press correspondent at Port
Arthur on the morning the Petropav
lovsk went down, which has been re
ceived by the bureau here, says that
the battleship Pobieda suffered a very
slight injury by the explosion of a
Japanese mine beneath her hull.
CHEFU, May 10.— Passengers arriv
ing to-day from Newchwang say that
the Russian force probably evacuated
that place during last night. Many had
already departed yesterday and those
remaining made no secret of their In
tention td leave. There Is no activity
whatever at the forts where there are
still a few guns in position. Three
thousand bandits are camped outside
of the walls of Newchwang ready to be
gin looting at the moment the last of
the Russian soldiers have left the city.
There are many foreign camp follow
ers with the "bandits, who are giving
the Russians much trouble along the
railway between Newchwang and Muk
den. Last week they destroyed a cul
vert and delayed traffic for four days.
The Japanese fleet was .In force off
Port Arthur at midnight Monday, but
did not make any demonstration.
LONDON, May 10.— The Tokio cor
respondent of the Dally Chronicle says
that 15,000 Russians are retiring from
Newchwang to Liaoyang. The cor
respondent says that Chinese bandits
have destroyed the road to Taskichia
and to Haicheng. (Taskichia is the
junction for the Newchwang branch of
the Port Arthur-Mukden route and
Haicheng Is farther north on the main
line.) The Russians are making a new
road. *
HAROLD CLARKE
ENDS HIS LIFE
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
RUSSIA HOT READY TO BATTLE
FORTY MFLLIOXS THE STM.
Treasury Warrant on Account of
Canal Purchase Delivered.
NEW YORK. May 9. — The treasury
warrant for $40,000,000 on account of
the Panama canal purchase was de
livered to J. P. Morgan & Co. by Sec
retary Shaw at the sub-treasury this
afternon. Secretary Shaw made the
following statement as to the transfer:
.J. P. Morgan & Co. were thi» morning
formally appointed special distributing agents*
and their security fixed at $23.00O.CCO. As
soon as this security was approved the war
rant for f40.0UO.0CO was delivered. This waa
presented during the day and paid as follows:
Fifteen million dollars In cash and sub
treasury orders aggregating $U5,0CO.GO0 will
be drawn in favor of Morgan & Co. Thes»
are depoaited by Morgan & Co. with their
various banks to Morgan & Co.'s credit and
will be collected through the Cl«arlng-houae
to-morrow. Meantime the banks had brought
to the subtreasury their respective checks,
aggregating a little oTer f27.0CO.0OO. The war
rant was delivered to Mr. Steele personally.
It was on a piece of white paper engraved in
green ink and was made payable to J. P.
Morgan & Co.. as special distributing agents.
Half a score of clerks at the subtreasury
were busy for some three hours counting th»
bonds deposited by Morgan & Co. as security
for the warrant. These checks were accepted
for collection and will be collected through
the Clearing-house to-morrow. In this war
th« banks of New York City will pay Inta
the subtreasury $2?.0CO.0CO and will receive
from Morgan & Co. on deposit $25.00O.0rt<>.
Both the payment to the subtreasury and th»
deposits will b« effected through the Clearing
house at the same time. Tbus the banks will
lo?e in the jransactlon only $2,000,000 In cash
balance; the remaining $15,000.00) is paid to
Morgan & Co. directly from the treasury.
In an informal statement the Secre
tary added that this method of paying
for the Panama canal would have a
reassuring effect upon financial con
ditions in general. There were pres
ent at the sub-treasury when the war
rant was delivered Charles Steele.
George W. W. Perkins, E. T. Stotsbury
and Temple Bowdoin of the firm of
J. P. Morgan & Co.. Assistant Treas
urer Fish, J. H. Edwards, private sec
retary to Secretary Shaw, and George
F. Baker, president of the First Na
tional Bank. The securities deposited
by Morgan, & Co. were largely munici
pal bonds.
GIVES VP FIGHT FOR HOME.— Mrs. U M.
Dalley, defendant in a suit in ejectment
brought by Emma L. Merrltt. as administratrix
of the estate of Adolph 8um>. appeared before
Judge Hebtard yesterday and withdrew her
opposition to Mrs. Merritt's suit. She said
she was perfectly wtllinsr that Mrs. Merrltt
should have possession of the old str»»t-car
on th« beach that she had occupied as a home.
GETS "WRIT FOR BALtrNGER.— Attorney
John J. Barrett yesterday secured a writ of
habeas corpus from Judge Graham. reranuM*
Friday, for th« release from the County Jail
of Captain C. T. Balllrtger. who Is under ar
rest on a charge of embeszMmr tSZ3 from th«
California Art Glass and Ctntlnar Wort*.
Ballinger Is a member of thw National Guard
of California.
DIN'GEE ANSWERS PAINTERS' SUIT.—
William J. Dinjree. the capitalist who is th»
defendant ln a. suit brought by Kern &
EibAch, painters, answered thetr suit yester
day by denylnr that they wers entitled to
recompense for the. work of burning tne paint
off hU reatdencs at 1SS2 Washinrton street.
He says the work was not properly per
formed. ' "'»--*
WIJU, May 1, via Seoul, May 8 (de
layed in transmission). — When the
early mists drifted from the Yalu
River this morning the Japanese in
fantry was disclosed lined up for bat
tle on the low, sandy island of Kin
teito, which is in front of Wiju. The
walls and towers of the city on the
hill, rising abruptly from the south
bank of the river and the nearest of
the three channels, were crowded with
Japanese and Korean spectators in an
ticipation of the forthcoming attack.
KInteito Island is hardly anything
more than the dry bed of the river. It
is a low, sandy plain, only a few feet
above the level of the water and with
out shrubbery or cover except on its
southern half.
The infantry lay, with stacked arms,
across the island, awaiting their work.
The soldiers were spread. out ln thin
black vliaes three miles long from a
point on the island opposite the village
of Chiullencheng on the west to a
point opposite the extremity of the
Tiger's Head on the east. The divis
ion of the Imperial Guards occupied
the center of the line, another division
was on the west and a third on the
east of the line.
The Tiger's Head forms a peninsula
projecting into the river almost par
allel to the south bank. The Japanese
division, which executed the flanking
movement from up the stream yester
day, with almost its full force pres
ent, was now on the sands north of
the Tiger's Head. Four field batteries
were behind the infantry, on its ex
treme flanks, concealed ln the shrub
bery. Two batteries began the action
by throwing: shells to the Martchuriari
side of the river for half an hpur, while
the sun was rising. They 'sprinkled
with shells the embankments whence
the Russian guns had been firing for
the past week, but no response was
forthcoming, and it looked as if the
Russians had removed their batteries
during the night. It seemed as if the
enemy had withdrawn entirely, as no
signs of life could be seen- on their
works.
JAPAXESE BEGIX APVAXCE.
Soon after 7 o'clock the Japanese be
gan to advance. The distance from the
Korean to the Manchurian bank of the
Yalu is about two miles. The Japanese
troops spread out in extended forma
tion as they went forward. When they
were a few hundred! yards from the
hills on the Manchurian ! side they
threw themselves prone on the ground
and began volleying. In the meantime
the Japanese batteries searched the
hills with shrapnel.
The Russians now could be seen at
intervals, where the road was exposed,
hurrying in small squads along the
hills. These exposed stretches of the
road made fine targets for the Japan
ese gunners. A fierce fire was concen
trated on one open space, ;half the
shrapnel thrown bursting over a small
area with wonderful precision. There
was a perfect shower of Tniff s of white
smoke at this place, and the observers
could see the work of an occasional
shell as it dug a great hole in the earth
and scattered quantities of rock.
Still the Russians remained- silent.
There was no answering fire from them
until the first Japanese line was within
a few hundred yards of the river bank,
then sharp volleys burst almost simul
taneously from several trenches and
the attacking Japanese found them
selves under a heavy and continuous
fire, at easy range, -from covered posi
tions high above them. They laid be
hind the sand hillocks, replying bravely
and hotly, to this fire, while their own
batteries pumped shells over their
heads.
The Japanese officers sat on their
horses or walked along their lines.
They were in no way sheltered or pro
tected. A few stretcher bearers coming
back to the field hospital indicated that
men were being wounded.
The Russian smokeless powder was
excellent. Its use made it impossible
for the Japanese to discover the exact
position of their enemy or to estimate
their numbers.
RUSSL'LXS IX RETREAT.
Soon after 8 o'clock the Russian fire
was largely silenced by the combined
artillery and infantry attack of the
Japanese, and parties of the enemy's
troops could be seen hurrying upward
over the mountain roads in retreat.
Two regiments of Japanese troops,
one directly opposite Wiju, and another
near a village on the west, ran to the
river, stopping to fire now and then
as they progressed, and giving shrill
cheers aB they hurried forward, which
echoed clearly over^_the plain. Their
formation was closer" than that kept
by British or American troops, and it
looked as though their losses must be
great. They waded the . river, ran
across the sands and climbed up the
steep rocky hillside like a swarm of
ants, their red and yellow cap-bands
gleaming in the sun. . ' . , '
One Japanese soldier in one of . these
regiments carried something white with
him. This was seen and it caused a
shout to go up that the Russians had
surrendered. But- upon reaching the
top of the first Russian trench, a
hundred yards up the hillside, this man
shook out a Japanese flag and waved
it to and fro.
STRUCK BY OWX SHELLS.
A storming party on the west siae of
t:.e advance mounted a hill command
ing the Russian retreat. Just as the
men were bunched thickly on the crest
of this hill two Japanese shells burst
among them. They had fallen short.
When the smoke cleared away a dozen
bodies could be seen lying where the
shells had exploded, and the remainder
of the storming. party .were clambering
down the hill to escape this unexpected
fire from their rear. J
The sound of the rifle firing soon
passed on over the hills as the Japan
ese pursued the retreating enemy. • One
column of weary soldiers who., had
been almost two days without rest was
trudging down the river toward
Antung, where the Japanese gunboats
were shelling the Russian works. • •.
At 9 o'clock a solitary soldier,
climbing ahead of his comrades, un
furled a huge Japanese flag \ on the
face of the topmost Russian fort, on. a
ridge 1000 feet above the j plainJ He
marched back and forth along the
parapet waving the banner,, and then,
for, the first time, the Japanese on the
walls of Wiju. broke the .Impassive
?-
Special Pispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON. May 9.— As a pre
en ution against rioting, which Is feared
in Newchwang between the time of the
Russian withdrawal and the Japanese
occupation, Rear Admiral Cooper, cora
mander-in-chief of the Asiatic squad
ron, has been ordered to send a cruiser
and a punboat to Chefu, the nearest
neutral port." At rhe Navy Department
it is assumed that he will carry out
these orders by dispatching the cruiser
Raleigh to Cfcefu, from Chemulpo, Ko
rea, and either the gunboat Helena or
the Wilmington from Wenchau. Their
commanders will place themselves in
touch with American Consul Miller and
stasd ready to protect American inter
ests there if necessary.
These orders were issued- after a con
ference to-day between President
Roosevelt and Secretary Hay. It was
evident that the department had some
Bdvfeea from the Orient and that it re
garded the situation at Newchwang as
apain dangerously uncertain.
The Helena lay in a mud dock at
Newchwang all last winter beside a
British gunboat. The two only left
after the river became free of ice and
it was evident that the Russian com
mander was embarrassed by their
presence. With the Russians out of
Newchwang this obstacle to their pres
ence disappears. Although the United
States is anxious not to offend either
of the belligerents, the presence of a
warship at Newchwang is advanta
geous for many reasons.
Not the least important of to-day'j
de\*elopments is the likelihood that
Chinese troops may now occupy New
chwan?, not as any act of war, but
with the purpose of preserving order.
That such a step may be taken by
China is understood to have been part
of the recent advices to the State De
partment, but it is regarded as a move
which will not take place until Russia
has finally evacuated Newchwang.
WASHINGTON*. May . 9. — Count
Cassini. the Russian Embassador, has
been ill for several days, suffering
from a severe attack of hay fever. The
Embassador will leave Washington to
morrow or Wednesday for Atlantic
City for several days' rest
Embassador Cassinl 111.
BAROX TALKS OP PLANS.
Minister Hayashi Believes Battle Will
Occur at Linorang.
L.ONDON. May 9. — Baron Hayashi,
the Japanese Minister here, looks for
the next engagement of the war to
take place at Liaoyang. He said to
day:
"General Kuroki probably is on the
march to that place and General Kuro
patkin should give battle there. In
deed, from the signs of concentration,
he may assume. the offensive. But for
his defeat at the Yalu River this
movement might be very dangerous.
Under the existing conditions, how
ever. General Kuroki ought to be able
to drive back General Kuropatkin. At
Liaoyang the Russians have a central
position and can strike either to the
left or right, an advantage they did
not enjoy when Newchwang had to be
defended. In the event of our occupa
tion of Newchwang we shall imme
diately appoint a civil administrator,
as we did at the time of the war with
China and open the port to all na
tions.
"Vice Admiral Togo, I think, is now
likely to dock part of his fleet and
give the men a rest from the ceaseless
vigil they have kept up since the be
ginning of the war. Our land advance
and parr of the impending engage
ments must largely depend upon the
commissariat. This I hardly think is
yet able to cope with a forward move
ment upon Mukden, Harbin or Vladi
vostok."
ltus«ia is Hurrying: Heavy Reinforce-
iii:lp rou kuropatkix.
ments to the Front
ST. PETERSBURQ, May 9.— The re
inforcements prepared for General
Kuropatkin are beinc hurried. The
last Ftage of the mobilization of the
Tenth and Seventeenth Army Corps
has been signalized by the calling out
of the reserves in the Moscow and
Kharkort provinces. They will go to
the .front, thus placing another 100.000
men at Kuropatkin's disposal. The
announcement of the mobilization of
four army corps along the Volga,
which will follow in July or August,
is expected next month. The reserves
of each army corps involve 20,000 men.
an army corps in time of peace num
bering 20.<X»0 and in war time &0.000.
An army corps on a war footing in
cludes three infantry divisions of four
regiments, each of three battalions;
a division of cavalry consisting of
three regiments of six squadrons each;
one Cossack regiment, a brigade of
field artillery and a brigade of horse
artillery of 120 gains and also three de
tachments of engineers and sappers.
By the departure of these troops the
Russian European army will lose six
out of thirty-one army corps. The pre
vious draft of troops from European
Russia has been formed into Siberian
rifle battalions, without changing the
organization of the Emperor's forces
"It is reported that a three days' ty
phoon greatly retarded the Japanese
landing at. Pitzewo.
LONDON, May 10.— The Daily Tele
graph's Toklo correspondent telegraph
ing under date of May 9 says:
"The Japanese have requested the
United States Government to inquire
into the fate of forty men who were
missing after the j blockading of Port
Arthur. It is believed that several of
them were captured.
-"It is reiterated that the • Japanese
have occupied Dalny.
"I learn from trustworthy sources
that 'the Russians in the battle of the g
Yalu" lost over forty guns, enormous
quantities of war . material, horses,
carts, ammunition and equipment."
In the absence of further stirring
hews : from, the Far East, the London
newspapers are discussing the proba
ble course of events. The balance
of opinion inclines to the belief that
General Kuroki will succeed ln over
taking the Russians between Feng
wangcheng ¦ and Liaoyang .and will
compel .them to flght at a disadvantage.
It is argued ' that it will be impossi
ble for_General Kuropatkin, depending
upon a slender line of * railway, ' and
with his army encumbered with bag
gage,- to make his retirement, speedy
enough to enable him to choose his
own ground for battle. On the other
hand it Is argued that, apart from
lieutenant General Zassalich's error
in giving battle on the Yalu against
the orders of General Kuropakin, the
latter's plan remains -unchanged, and
that, 'once. away from the mountainous
country/he will have conditions much
in his favor.
Dispatches from Shanghai say that
the Tartar general at Mukden has de
clined to obey Viceroy' Alexieff's order
that the Chinese evacuate Mukden.
A 'dispatch to a news agency from
Llaoyang, dated May 10, says: .
"An accident to a train from Port Ar- ;
thur to Harbin occurred May 8, near
Tieling. Thirty passengers were killed
and fifty Injured and" the permanent
way 'was greatly damaged.
The equanimity of the, Government is
shown by the free publications of all
news telegrams from abroad, some
being of a most sensational character.
At the .-general v staft the one
dominant • idea • is ' that the de
velopments; of 1 the . last few
days make it certain the war will
be bitter and long. - Th'ere it is said
that half a' million men ' would have
been required to hold Southern Man
churia. The, real truth seems to be
that General Kuropatkiri has not much
over 200,000 men south of Harbin, and
he Is determined to pursue the plan
which he mapped' out at first— to al
low the enemy to follow him back, Into
the heart of Manchuria', until strong
enough to assume the offensive.
The press is Informed that while the
Russian garrison ' is still at New
chwang. the . untenabilltv of the. po
sition is fully realized and prepara
tions for dismantling the Torts and re
moving the garrison have been com
pleted. The Russian gunboat Sivouch
here will be destroyed. The same
thing applies to Haicheng, twenty-flye
miles southeast of Newchttang. * The
question of hqldjbig the Russian po
sition at tiiaoyang depends upon cir
cumstances. The Russians hold the
pass which commands the westerly ap
proaches, but it is realized that the
position there . will also be rendered
untenable if the enemy succeeds in
bringing up a superior force along the
northern road to Mukden.
An ultimate retirement to Harbin
might possibly incur the danger of a
Chinese uprising, which, increases with
the Japanese successes and must be
taken into consideration. Should the
news'of the enemy's victories inflame
the Chinese residents In Manchuria
against the Russians, the latter's
withdrawal north of the zone of their
hostility might become imperative.
The possibility of active .operations
against Vladivostok also have to be
reckoned with.
The general staff inveighs against a
too pessimistic view of the situation,
pointing out thai the Japanese must
land another army before they» can
hope to make a strong advance move
ment, which will require time. In the
meantime 'the strength of General
Kuropatkin's army and his position
will daily increase. The general staff
repeats the words of the commander
in chief, "Patience, patience, pa
tience." They also insist that the full
extent of the Russian losses on the
Yalu River has been published.
"It Is no guesswork of our losses,"
said a member of the general staff.
"Every man has been accounted for.
Let the enemy publish theirs."
ST. PETERSBURG, May 9, 3:34 p. m.
—The swift march of events at the
theater of war— the virtual abandon
ment by the Russians of all' their ad
vanced positions along the Manchurian
littoral— has created a deep impression
among the people and a feeling of ap
prehension which the authorities con
tend is unwarranted by a calm consid
eration of the" situation. While not at
tempting, to. minimize 'the importance
of the advantages gained by the enemy
In the occupation of the Liaotung
Peninsula . and the advance from tly»
Yalu River,' the general staff neverthe
less declares, that if it -had not "(been
for General r Zassalitch's - rash stand,
the retreat .and concentration of v? Geh
eral Kuropatkiri'a . army upon its nor
mal line of defense would have 'been
regarded as a masterly piece of
strategy. .• ¦¦.",. . •_SL ; :'.. .--i; :.- *
ST. PETERSBURG, May 10.— The
War Committee adjourned at a late
hour this morning, but did not make
public any dispatches from the Far
East. This is accepted as an indica
tion that no fresh collisions have oc
curred.
The Cossacks in touch with the Jap
anese are 6imply small detachments
¦which are observing the movements of
the enemy in order to keep General
Kuropatkin informed.
The strict censorship prevented the
St. Petersburg newspapers from re
ceiving dispatches to-day and the lack
of information gave rise to a fresh
crop of rumors, including one that the
armored cruiser Rurlk had been de
stroyed. The officials deny that any
information of this character has been
received, saying that the latest reports
showed that the Rurik was undamaged
and was in the harbor of Vladivostok.
Count Vorontzoff Dashkoff, head of
the Russian Red Cross, authorizes an
absolute denial of the report published
by a news agency in the United States
that an urgent telegram had been re
ceived at St. Petersburg from Mukden
asking for the immediate dispatch of
one hundred extra doctors and an
nouncing that an epidemic of typhoid
fever, dysentery and smallpox had
broken out among the Russian troops.
Cruiser and Gun
boats Are Se
lected.
Japan Asks Uncle
Sam to Make
Inquiry.
Advance of Enemy
Alarms the
Russians.
Committee Silent
in the Czar's
Capital.
Eyewitness Tells
of Victory at
Wiju.
UNITED STATES WARSHIPS ARE ORDERED TO CHEFU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 30,. 1904.
on this side of the Urals. The present
units will be transferred bodily to
Manchuria, retaining their present
officers and staffs.
2
BORAXOLQGY
The first step in the. solution of the
servant girl problem is a solution of
Borax. Human nature is pretty much
alike— we want to make work as easy and
agreeable as possible.
The easiest way to wash things is to
use BORAX* It softens hard city water
and doubles its cleansing power*
When you % lighten labor you lighten the
heart BORAX lightens labor.
Every good thing is imitated — -even as
Borax* Be mulish— kick if you don f t get
20-MULE-TE AM BRAND— it's pure.
Sold by Druggists and Grocers. V^ Vi and
1-lbt packages*
Tbefwnoas "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES FREE to parduueri of
"20-MaIe-Team Borax." At store* or sent for BOX TOP and 4c in stamps.
Padlic- Coast Borax Co., New York, Chicago, SaaFraodsco.
Twenty Mulo Team— Our Trade Hark.
ADVEHTIEEJMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
818-820 Market St. San Francisco
Corsets 28c Thompson's Glove Fitting
' French tfrdle-sfcape Corsets, mafle of Strajsht front, miuuat Cors« 3 ; regja|»r
imported ribbon tape; regular price price. J1.50. Special ............ .v.,c
35c. Special JSc WABSSS'S Rust-Proof Corsets.
HIGH OBADE COSSETS. Special *1.»M>
Regular price 81.23. Special. ....... .45c B. & Q. DEEP KIP COBSETS.
ReluUr price $1.50. Special «<>c Special *LOO
These are the celebrated P. & > Z>A VZCTOBZS rBEXTCS COBSETS.
Corsets. Regular price. $3. Special £1.75
FREE •?mert. t iri a f^VIraM Mt FREE Specials in Music
$4.50 Folding Qo-Cart, $3.75 Au WeeJt .
.__ ?Vi*, ber n tl £S r ? Broadway folio 33o
\ \ U ke , ' Jin Roger', Hits ISc
- I A- flne J y K r L m By mall 2c extra.
<r-7-l r ff? i '.*£«?* Sinjringr every afternoon from 2 to 4:S0.
Wm £ led £??£!£" A visit to our music department wUi
fHo Special pay y "H-, .
fj«£"i this week..$:5.75 f ~V . .
rOLDINO OO I 1 /\ U I U
, . jjgjflf I . The favorite fold- JL^^e» I D a g 5
/fT^/fPSwefe^ enameled *4r I" s^al. walruj
rUs^CTTU V and steel wh , e . eIs « U?&$?J-> *3;^ .1 and ln Imitation
e^^a^aia?: — -? **^ "
/#V*T ticularly strong m^ aLj *- - -Btkn^iiVii"i'i I from *>Oc up.
' VpfrX^V and light cart...
A^r^ $2.75 Suit Hangers.
$1.50 Copyright Fiction, 75c *!wg. «g $lJ8 f £»& M ™« ™ k -
An opportunity of a lifetime to get som« i-^^4- I-I~._
of the most recent choice copyright vO3l ll3.T\Z^tS
fiction, elecantly bound in dcth. pub- *»
lished at $1.50, and special priced this f Everybody needs
week at • 75e « 1 » one or more; wire
Thrall of Lelf, the Lucky, by Lllgen- or wood: sold
cranU ' r everywhere for
Ward of King Canute by Wljencrants. j£?Lnm*mB~^—~*—' tOc - s P* clal thl9
When Knighthood Was In Flower, by week 5c each.
Majors. " " . " COc doz -
Tho Strollers, by Isham. _-— — nAnm .nw -oxtrnwi n« s*tt«
The Conqueror, by Atherton. BOCK BOTTOM PBZCXS O2» BALT
¦ The Mississippi Bubble, by Hough. BOXES — Porcelain, family size.
52 S^Ch^t^'by^oTe^r «- decorations, word salt on front
Dorothy South, by Eggleston. hardwood cover; regular »5c. Special
Cecilia, by Marlon Crawford. this week 2*c
. Success, by W. R. Hearst.
The Little "White Bird, by Barrle. .d*3)v "White Wood—
With Hoops of Steel, by Kelly. , ¦ Jo\ n n^ w™? «'t
No. 5 John Street, by Whiting. _ rt^~V% 3 , Round, word sa.t
Warwick of the Knabs, ty Lloyd. <C 1>r mini . on front in nV.x.
An.! irv> others. /_, F'^__ j4L_ _ T^j letters: a very
fj~ m ¦*" > • | i*Wi J^ 9 *¦ dainty, pretty
• l( \ } e ssy K^r^-- jc -^s|lai u>x: r ** uj * r
¦ I I // f mm 1T^5 JJhtt- %*{% price> c - pp **"
Iff ' V// *l Will Mgg, £g£UZ£r - ffjt Clal this week..
J^m^Mm AU 8lz * s> ln sealg dul1 HABDWOOD, iniaid. a ?:ood. strong
Jj^'^I'J^GSh^ * eal> walnis and kl<1> substantial salt box; sold everywhere
'^ZjgWvF&r from fl " 5 ° UP " f ° r 25C " Sp * cl * 1 thI " W * ek 14C
KNIVES, BAZOBS AJTD SHEARS GROUND AJTJ> BSPAXBSS.
PICTURE FBAMES OP AU DESCBTPTIOlf S MAPS TO OBPEB.
ADV HRTISEMENTS.
b®gMM®gi®®®& lYiiai is roour
f^^^Sw^ c material used in the construc-
iff}^^j^^^^j^^aSlJ» tj ° n of our bodies. Poor material in
V^l!f' : r^r^/fiP5\^Sii5Siteil^ building makes a weak structure.
What you eat should be tresh, clean,
m W^-^^"' .'t^^'psr -=^| la P urc anc * relc My digested.
WhatlsCleansfflg?
v I^T^n^J^^^^^ ' Removin S that which is out of place.
I) 1 pL"^^3y^/^*^=^^^^^ Cereals contain, ordinarily, diseasc-
/vlf 1 ! 'l^^y^ /^^^^^ :^^ producing germs and their egRs; the
(£\ C P£ S » cocoon and worms ot " the moth,
vPjfrSjjSJSaY VW^v\p?9^^1 weevils and parasites of many kinds,
\g^!ff|»l Jrh ¦^/^^ vSl a ' >:o dampness which results in mold
J^^^^^&^^^^^^A^ and rot. so you must know that unless
¦'¦'•/^¦'•¦| "i ¦« ¦¦ -v ¦ ¦ ¦ 'fVi j "^ cereals are eaten fresh they will soon
V • ll AUL™IYlAnii J be unfit for food. This is a clean age.
«Ws»os«s""s""m«*«ssjb«bbmb«"ssjb"1» j and if you want clean food you must
" ' eat Dr. Dcane's Sterilized Food*.Travel is heavy over the Raymond- "Waworia
route ,of the Southern; Pacific to Yosemite.
ThlB oopular, route takes In the flnest grove
of big. trees, passing through grand old Wa
wona^over an oiled stage -road. Every trav
eler Is delighted -with- this routo and amazod
Oy the wonderful valley. Ask for rates and
details at 613 Market street. - •
Yosemite Amazes Them.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 9. — Word
has been received from Wilson, Kans.,
that George Fields, an Associated
Press operator, who has' worked in
Cincinnati, Cleveland, Springrfield, Chi-,
cagb and Philadelphia, dropped dead
while walking along the streets of the
town yesterday.
Telegraph Operator Drops Dead.
been extradited from that place, but
the District Attorney said there was
still a charge of assault to rob against
the defendant and the Judge declined
to make any order.
ST. LOUIS, May 9. — There is now
no allotted space in any of the World's
Fair buildings that is not occupied
with the exception of the reservations
for exhibits from Russia and Argen
tina, which are en route to St. Louis.
Workmen were put to work to-day in
the various industries building to
prepare the space allotted to Russia
and have it in readiness for quick in
stallation of the exhibits. It is stated
that Russia and the Argentine repub
lic will have their exhibits installed by
June 1.
The first carload of exhibits to reach
the World's Fair for installment was
• the Pennsylvania postoffice car, which
was delivered at the grounds on Octo
ber 29,' 1903. From that time until
7 o'clock this morning 4833 cars of
exhibits had been delivered within the
World's Fair enclosure. Almost 1000
cars are yet expected. Traffic Man
ager C. L. Hillery of the exposition
made , the statement that the total
number of cars has been tripled
over the capacity of cars of eleven
years ago and consequently a larger
amount of exhibits has been installed in
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition than
was installed at the former. Reports
have been current that shipments were
unnecessarily delayed in reaching, the
World's Fair grounds after arriving at
the terminal yards in East St. Louis
and St. Louis. This is emphatically
denied by Traffic Manager Hillery.
The board of lady managers, which
has been in daily session for a week,
held its final meeting to-day and ad
journed until July 14. All the mem
bers of the board will return to their
homes, excepting Mrs. Daniel Manning,
president: Mrs. F. E. Ernest of Den
ver, Mrs. Mary Phelps Montgomery of
Portland, Or., and Miss Lavina Egan,
secretary, who will remain in St. Louis
during the exposition period.
All Available Space for Exhibits Has
Been Appropriated. .
BUILDINGS ARE FILLED.
. EVES IXITKD HAILJiOADS.— Florence E.
Swrtt. wl,o last February lied bones in her
'.**< brcktm by bslng thrown rrotn an electric
< ar. »*••<! the f nlted Railroads yesterday lor
*W,0CO iliirr.aEei!.
The case of William B. Kennedy,
alias Richard Jackson, alias "Yellow."
charged with the murder of Police
man Eugene C. Robinson at Sixteenth
and Valencia streets on January 21,
1902, was called before Judge Cook
yesterday and dismissed.
The Judge said that when the Dis
trict Attorney made his motion to dis
miss on Friday and the defendant ob
jected and insisted upon a trial he
thought he was acting within his
rights. Since then, the Judge said, he
had found that the matter was fcn
tirely in the discretion of the court
and he would grant the District At
torney's motion to dismiss the case on
the ground that the evidence was in
sufficient to convict and there was no
further desire to prosecute the de
fendant. District Attorney Byington
remarked that if any evidence was
disclosed implicating the defendant in
the murder he would be compelled to
proceed against him.
, Attorney Xewburg then asked that
an order be made returning the de
fendant to Grants Pass, Or., as he had
Judge Cook Finds He lias Discre
tionary Powers in Matter and
Acts Accordingly.
ous northern counties of the State are
an especial wonder to the residents of
the persimmon belt that takes in the
World's Fair. They wonder at first
what the fruit is, and when they finally
realize what they are looking at they
declare they never saw such persim
mons before. One Easterner at the
horticultural building declared when he
viewed the enormous bunches of grapes
there that they were made up by skill
fully placing several bunches together.
He examined as closely as he could
without breaking the jars and finally
acknowledged that he was not being
"bunkoed," the size of the grapes and
the sections of vine bearing them con
vincing hirn that California could pro
duce grapes "that there is no surpassing.
MURDER CASE AGAINST
KENNEDY IS DISMISSED
The Merchants' Association has ar
ranged for a grand banquet at the Pal
ace Hotel on the evening of May 23 to
celebrate the completion of the tenth
year of its existence. Everything will
be done to make the affair a brilliant
success. The general subject of the
evening will be "The Past and Future
Work of the Merchants' Association."
Leading business men of the city
will discuss the work of the organiza
tion from the following standpoints:
"The View of the City Official," "The
View of the Property Holder." "The
View of the Visitor." "The View of
the Wholesaler." "The View of the Re
tailer" and "The View of the Profes
sional Man." *
The dinner will begin at 6:30 o'clock
in the evening. All seats are reserved.
Tickets are limited entirely to mem
bers and friends of the association.
rate Preparations for a Grand De
cennial Celebration.
Merchants* Association Makes Elabo-
WILL DISCUSS LABORS
OF FIRST TEN* YEAKS
BI PAUL EDWARDS.
ST. LOUIS, May 9.— Californlans*
in St. Louis were somewhat dis
j appointed by the failure to open their
\ State building on the initial day of the
j Worlds Fair. Other State buiWings
were opened, though some of them
were not completed. The California
structure was not entirely finished,
\ though the furniture had been on hand
1 some days. Some was in place and
j some was not unpacked. The Com
1 missioners, owing to a press of other
* matters, could only get their own liv
1 ing apartments, to which the upper
1 portion of the California building is
j devoted, furnished and ready during
; April.
Thare is cui'.e a happy family quar
tered in the California building. It
consists of the Commissioners and
their families and a number of em
ployes. The quarters are very com
fortable and will be especially desirable
during the summer months, owing to
the piazzas and fine ventilation.
The furnishings of the building are
S very ornate. The Mission furniture to
be used has been loaned the commis
; sion by the manufacturers. There are
i also here a large number of fine Call
¦ fornia landscapes done in oil, which
were not deemed available by the fair
management for the Liberal Arts
I building. A few of these have been
I hung and it is the regret of the Cora
1 missioners that there is no room in
which to hang them all.
DATE FOR OPENING.
The opening of the California build
ing has been set for May 15 and the
structure will probably be opened on
that day. There will be no ceremony
of any sort, according to the present
programme. Commissioner Wiggins
thinks the carpets would be spoiled by
a large crowd and Commissioner Fil
cher doesn't think anything would be
gained by an ostentatious opening. A
register will probably be placed on the
counter.
The California Press Association is
to arrive here on the night of the 15th.
There will be about ninety members of
the party. Secretary Willis of the
California Commission, who is a mem
ber of the executive committee of the
association, has secured accommoda
tions at an inn within the fair grounds
for that number, a special rate of from
XI 50 to 53 a day, American, being
given for the editors. Fred W. Rich
ardson of the Berkeley Gazette, who
is president of the association, will be
in charge of the party. Raleigh Barcar
of Vacaville is the secretary. The party
will be met by Mr. Willis, who will see
that all are properly taken care of.
United States Senator Perkins and
Congressmen Needham and Bell were
at the fair last week. They arrived on
the 4th. The California representa
tives, though they made no open criti
ciEm. didn't seem to think the State
building was quite elaborate enough
for such a great ccmmonwealth, but
they did say it was tasteful and pretty
as far as it went. m hey ". ere delighted
with the exhibits made by the coun
ties in the Horticultural and Agricul
tural buildings and greatly praised the
forestry and mining displays. Congress
men Needham and Bell inspected with
particular pride <v ie fruits and other
products from their separate districts
and said they were proud they repre
sented such a State. Senator Perkins
spent some time in conversation . with
Commissioners Weilbye and Raap of
Alameda and Contra Cosia. - He also
viewed and admired the San Francisco
building.
CALIFORXIAXS AT FAIR.
Mrs. Norma Lutge, now the wife of
a prominent New York business man,
but wh'ose father was a pioneer of San
Francisco and owner of one of the first
theaters there, was a visitor to the fair
during the week. Mrs. Lutge is the
daughter of Otto Maehi, . who went
from Kansas to what was then Terba
Buena in 1848. He returned East, but
went to San Francisco in lf5S and opsn
cd the Metropolitan Theater at Mont
gomery and Sacramento streets. Mrs.
Lutge spent her girlhood days in San
Francisco and there became Mrs.
Stuhr. With her first husband she re
moved to Glindale, near Los Angeles,
seventeen years ago and claims the dis
tinction of being the first person in
"In the struggle forced upon us," he j
continued, "the missionary's ' la'ce is :
by the side of his fellow countryman.
I cannot recognize him as a prosecutor
or as a judge."
Answering the criticisms on the sub
ject of the piecemeal method of send
ing troops to German Southwest
Africa, the Chancellor said the Gov
ernment had followed the advice of
Governor Leutwein, who had many
years' experience there. When it was
seen that a larger force was necessary
the Government recognized the impos
sibility' of Governor Leutwein direct
ing both the military and civil govern
ment at the same time, hence the ne
cessity for sending a military com
mander to conduct the larger opera
tions, while Leutwein devoted himself
to the- civil administration. ,
The Chancellor" denied that the an
tipathies of the world were against
Germany. They existed in a measure
as Herr Bebel had described, but, he
added, "if so, that it would be a rea
son for maintaining our military
equipment so as to calmly anticipate
any eventuality. of the future, for no
other means have been discovered to
disarm, unjustifiable hate and envy —
for hate and envy against us is .unjus
tifiable; since our policy has been for
thirty-three years eminently peace
ful — than to keep the sword sharp."
Dr. Steubel, referring to an inquiry
of Herr Bebel, recently made as to
whether a command should be given
to the South African troops not to give
quarter and not to take prisoners, said
a telegraphic inquiry on the subject
had brought forth the answer that no
such order had been given. There
had been no firing upon -women and
children. No wounded prisoners had
yet' been taken; even tHfe wounded men
always, continue firing till rendered
helpless. Dr. Steubel continued read-
Ing the cablegram:
"The^other prisoners were brought
before a; court-martial. It is impos
sible- to ' give their precise number.
¦There have been no acts of violence
to native women, now or formerly.
The Herreros . formerly were cruel to
women," but not now, because we
spared , ninety-six Herrero" women on
our first .; military expedition. • Three
white women were killed and several
were wounded. The children and the
missionaries were spared. English
men were spared for political reasons,"
BERLIN, May 9.— During the discus
sion following the third reading of the
budget bill in the Reichstag to-day
Herr Bebel, the Socialist leader, re
ferred to Emperor William's speeches
at Carlsruhe and Mayence, remarking
that the pointed allusions to France
had caused great surprise, coming so
soon after the return from
Italy, "where President Loubet had been
received - with hearty ovations. The
Emperor's words, the speaker added,
were enhanced in importance, through
the fact that he telegraphed to Emper
or Nicholas from Sicily, on the occa
sion of the sinking of the Russian bat
tleship Petropavlovsk, as follows:
"Russia's * mourning is Germany's
mourning."
Herr Bebel, continuing, said:
"I deny most emphatically that the
Emperor's telegram reflects the senti
ments of the German people. In my
opinion German sympathies are . far
more on the side of Japan than on that
of Russia."
This statement caused murmurs of
dissent on the Right.
> "The land in which such things can
happen as recently occurred in Rus
sia," continued Herr Bebel, ' "stands
upon such a low level of civilization
that all the rest of Europe has the
most lively interest in seeing the sun
of civilization rise upon it."
Chancellor von Bulow, in his , reply,
began by deprecating the idea that he
intended to enter into a .lengthy dis
cussion of international politics with
Herr Bebel. He pointed out that the
quotation of the Emperor's words was
incorrect. The Emperor's telegram, he
said, expressed warm sympathy on ac
count of the great calamity by which
so many brave* men had met death in
the discharge of their duty. The Chan
cellor added:
"1 am convinced that this expression
of human, sympathy corresponded with
the sentiments of the majority of this
high house and also with those of the
majority of the people of Germany."
Applause from the Right party fol
lowed this- statement, after which the
Chancellor expressed his regret -at the
manner In which many -or the German
newspapers, especially, the comic pub
lications, had utilized the recent calam
ity of a neighboring and friendly power
as the basis for malevolent, spiteful
and ridiculing articles and caricatures,
"which have affronted human feelings
and are lacking in political tact."
The Chancellor pointed out Herr Be
bel's inconsistency in demanding strict
neutrality in the Far Eastern war and
then openly expressed tne hope that
Russia would be defeated. He object
ed to Herr Bebel's historical analogies
as being a divergence from the strict
neutrality which Germany must ob-.
serve.
Alluding to a statement in regard
to the causes of the Herrero uprising,
the Chancellor said he would leave that
matter for Dr. Steubel, director of the
Colonial Office, to answer.
"However," the Chancellor added,
"our countrymen are men of flesh and
blood and like other colonizing peo
ples we have had sad experiences, dis
covering that men sent out were with
out the necessary self-control when un
der the influence of the climate. Great
er power and greater freedom of ac
tion resulted in excesses. Nevertheless,
such cases are only exceptional."
Von Bulow expressed his regret at
the fact that the missionaries had used
the present occasion, when so many
Germans had become the victims of
rude barbarism, to make attacks upon
their fellow countrymen.
Von Bulow Gives Account
of Conditions Prevailing
Among the South Africans
QUOTATION IS DENIED
Eastern Folk arid Foreigners Marvel at the Excellence
of the * Display— State Building Is Being Rapidly-
Placed in Condition for the Opening Exercises
fJEDDIXG. May ?.— Mrs. Thomas
.White-man of Dunsmuir made a state
ment to District Attorney Dozier In
Redding to-day regarding: the connec
• tion of George Gates and E. Vernon
. Gates with the holdup of the Oregon
•- express at Copley on March 31. Mrs.
/Whiteman's 6tory in brief Is that the
Gates brothers, going under the names
'cf Bruce - Van Drake and Ed Lee.
. stayed at her Riverview lodging house
. at Dunsmuir for several ¦weeks pre
ceding the crime, that they went
south on the very train that was held
up- ¦when the stop was made at Copley,
that they returned to their rooms on
the Saturday succeeding the holdup,
which was on Thursday; that they left
on the following Monday and that she
"has eince received letters from George
Gates, whom she knew as Bruce Van
Drake, in which he had confessed the
frf me.
Tb<? letters, of which she had
received three, were turned over to the
authorities. All letters were from
=George Gatee. The last letter was
•mailed by him in Portland, Oregon,
en. the night of April 28, but was dated
. May l, and in it Gates claimed to be
in San Francisco, intending to sail the
n^>tt day for Australia. He evidently
feared Mrs. Whiteman would betray
Iriin. but- she told nothing until threat
rned with arrest. The officers estab
(lisbed the bandits' Identity through a
laundry mark. The mark was on a piece
•. of handkerchief found In the Nigger
"Hill cabin near Keswick. and torn from
tli<? handkerchief that formed one of the
masks and found at the scene of the
crime. Through the Redding steam
• laundry and its Dunsmuir agent, the
'.mark was found to be that of George
," Gates.
..The detectives later intercepted
all* of George Gates' letters to Mrs.
v.'jiiteman, addressed as Miss Agnes
Brown, and then for fear that she
..-._¦):?. know more than they had found
i^ljt, rompelled her to come to District
" "Attorney Dozier here and make a com
«. j)lete confession. Through intercepting
?he letters the officers had their hands
• 'practically on George Gates several
I'rnjss, but he managed to elude them.
:-Me is now believed to be around Port
•ijind. Vernon Gates, the younger
¦ .iirctber. is said to have been in Ala
ftieda day before yesterday, and Arnett
Ms somewhere in hiding in the Klamath
..Falls country. The whereabouts of the
fourth man is unknown.' Mrs. White
.hjan was cross-examined nearly ail
. morning, and the only startling feature
•iT her confession was that the Gates
"brothers- left Dunsmuir on the train
.that was held up at Copley. When the
<. J ref?on express stooped at Copley for
v."'ater° they must have jumped off to
join Arnett and the fourth man.
. •
'Witness Says Elder Brother
. Admitted His Part in the
. Hold-Up of Oregon Express
FOKCED TO CONFESS
; ITre. WWteihan <>f Duiismuir
* -Says Copley Bobbers Had
.Lodired at Her House
Herr Bebel Attacks Emper
or's Telegram to Eussia
During.-- Reichstag' Session
WOMAN TALKS
OF GATES BOYS
GERMAN POLICY
IS DENOUNCED
CALIFORNIA'S RARE FRUITS
AMAZE ST. LOUIS VISITORS
T«E SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1904.
California to introduce foreign grape
cuttings, other than the Mission varie
ties. Upon her husband's death she
went East.
Mrs. Lutge had been trying unsuc
cessfully since her second marriage to
induce her husband to visit California,
She took him to the magnificent dis
plays of fruits made by the Golden
State and he said he must see the land
where they grrew.
Among the Californians here during
the week were W. D. Noble of Fresno
and Edward H. Mitchell of San Fran
cisco. J. F. Bourke, formerly well
known In newspaper circles in the Cal
ifornia metropolis, but now of Chicago,
call at the California building..
An old-time Californian who was in
the limelight on the opening day of the
exposition is T. S. C. Cunningham, who
is superintendent at the fair grounds
for the Pacific Postal Telegraph Com
pany. He stood alongside President
Francis and saw that the telegraphic
ind electrical arrangements were prop
?rly carried out. Mr. Canningham is
ivell known in San Francisco, where he
makes his home.
SMYRNA FIG. INDUSTRY.
George C. Roeding, who introduced
:he blastophega, the insect fertiliser
)f the Smyrna fig into Fresno County
md at once lifted the California prod
jct from obscurity to an equality with
:he famous Smyrna article, is one of
he men at the exposition who is going
:o do California some good. He is mak
,ng a complete exhibit of the Smyrna
fig as grown in California and also of
the wonderful insect that gives it the
flavor that mak/s it marketable. Mr.
Roeding says there is a great future
for the fig as a commercial crop and
that it can be grown in every part of
the State from north to south where
there is dry, hot summer weather. In
the northern counties, where the rain
fall averages twenty inches or more,
the trees can be grown successfully
without irrigation, he says. .
Not only will visitors from abroad be
deeply interested in the fig and the in
sect agent, under the influence of
which it becomes a delicious condiment,
but California orchardlsts who visit
the fair will receive information that
may be of value to them in the matter
of producing the fig. Mr. Roeding will
have the exhibit ready in a few days.
The fair management issued a notice
to all exhibitors last week that all ex
hibits must be finished by May 12. This
nicluded California, of course, and some
of the counties, could not possibly be
finished by that date. The order did
not cause much alarm as it was gen
erally deemed that it was issued more
to produce a "hurry-up" than any
thing else. Hammers and saws
are still making music in some parts
of the" California section, in the agri
cultural "buildings, and there is work
yet to be done on other displays, but
the 15th will see the great bulk of
California's labors completed.
<3ne of the principal lines of ques
tioning by strangers to California who
view her exhibits is as to the names
of the various fruits and other, prod
ucts shown. To. people from most of
the other States and, from many for
eign countries there are products in the
California sections that are utterly new
and they are much carried away by
the show as is the small boy who
makes his* first visit to the zoo. Prod
ucts that some visitors thought could
only be seen in countries foreign to the
United States they are surprised to
find set before them in fullest variety
and. finest quality by California, Jap
anese persimmons shown by the vari-
SCENE AT THE OPENING OF THE LOUISIANA PURCHASE EXPOSITION AT ST.
LOUIS WHEN ANNOUNCEMENT WAS WIRED TO PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
THAT THE FAIR WAS IN READINESS.
3
AD VZ KTISEMENTS. .
¦¦ ire Yon In ihe Rush and Bustle?
\ While yre join in th« rush and bustle of
tbis bu?y world, overtaxing our energies
•„. .en's rackin? our systems, many of us are
• ' morally cslpable of reckless disregard of
bodily strength and fitness. Then per-
haps the liealth breaks down, and wo
seem dcKtmed to long periods of pain and
•• depression. Our whole life is darkened.
YETTHEEEISAREMEDYATHAHD
; Hundreds end thousands of ailing me a
• aud womea have found t^"1f
• ?erfiy.- mate life worth living."
They Purify the Blood, met right thm
- Disordered Stomach, aroaao thm
. Sluggish Liver, dispel Sick-Head'
' ache, buildup the Merwoaa System,
and repair the damage caused by
oxerwork and brain mrerry,
.- Th« Pennine worth and never-failing
efficacy of
BEEOHAi'S FILLS
have been fully proved during a period
of nearly tdxty years, and they are recoz- ¦
tasadastba
Beet Safeguard Against Bilious and
Nervous Attacks.
The most satisfactory evidence of th«
' t*:iversal esteem in which BEECH AM'3
FILLS are held is found in thefact that t ho
. SALES EACH YEAR INCREASE
MARVELGUSLY.
Wnld byT>nar»1«t««t I Oe. and JSr.. orma!l«d
. £7 H. K. ALLEN CO., e» Canal Re. .New
. . ri. Ctty, liyouxDmtgUi dorr, i.oi t«ptt)eta.
t_£5 0 e-WUEH *?
; PERFECT
: AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
. for over a Quarter of a century
';.:, PREPARED BY
r Risk and extravagance :
taken out-of
" : • *ea bakin* -powder f?!cei
r cfTe* flavoring extracts aoda
by Schilling's Best goods ar
.dealing.
•' Your grocer's; money bac
ADVEKTTSEMZNTS.
ADVZKTISEMEJTTS.
I Swell Shirts for $2.00
Eh' ' No matter how particular a man is about his dress he could
HI not wish for better shirts than these at $.2.00.
if I They are practically perfect — in fit, finish and making.
HI .They are better than the three-dollar shirts of custom-shirt
H • You Will have to see the shirts to truly appreciate them.
0 Made of Scotch "Madras, in swell shades of white, steel, gray f
B . and tan, in striped and figured effects. The colors are woven »
B ¦ into the cloth — they are absolutely fast.
H They have cuffs attached; sizes from 14 to 17. A veritable
H treat for wearers 6f«swell shirts — $2.00.
B8 Mail orders filled— write to-day.
M ' . 740 Market Street. j
A MICHIGAN MAYOR SAYS:
"I Know Peruna Is a Fine Tonic for a
Worn Out System."
Hon. Nelson Rice of St. Joseph, Mich., knows of a large number of grate-
ful patients in his county who hare been cured by Peruna.
q ; ! O
Hon. Nelson Rice, Mayor of St. Joseph, Michigan, writes:
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus. Ohio:
• Gentlemen: "I wish to congratulate you on the success of your efforts to
win the confidence of tlfe public in need of a reliable medicine. I know Peruna
is a fine tonic for a worn out system and a specific in cases of catarrhal diffi-
culties. Vou have a large number of grateful patients in this county who have
used Peruna and have been cured by it, and who praise it above all other med-
icines. Peruna has my heartiest good wishes." — fie/son Rice.
c : o
M/IDPH ADPH MAY those who have been suffering with ca-
IVlrtrvUII, rtrl\ll_, IY1MI. tarrh in any form or la grippe. A course
_____ of Peruna is sure to correct all these
conditions. It is an ideal spring medi-
Weak Nerves, Poor Digestion,
Impure Blood, Depressed trTniilm'es 81
SnlrltS nervous system and regulates the bodily
v»j#n iw. functions. Peruna. unlike so many spring
medicines. Is not simply a physic or
The sun has just crossed the equator "o'T^^ndSnvigTraVoT' " l9 * natUfal
on its yearly trip north. The real equa- tonlc ana mvigoraior.
tor is shifted toward the north nearly jf you do not receive prompt and satis-
eighteen miles every day. With the re- factory results from the use of Peruna.
turn of the sun comes the bodily ills pe- write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
culiar to spring. With one person the Tu n statement of your case, and he will
nerves are weak; another person, dlges- t,^ pi,-.,^,! to give you his valuable ad-
tion poor; with others, the blood is out v j ce gratis
of order; and still others have depressed ,
spirits and tired feeling. j Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
All these things are especially true of Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.son. He told me he was Instructed by Here
ford & Hazzard to disappear. - He went' across
the .- border Into Mexico— old - Mexico.
'< This ended the picturesque witness*
testimony for the day. . It will be re
sumed this* morning. The Government
expects to close to-day and counsel
for the defense declare that thev will
take but little further time of . - the
court; Commissioner Heacock hopea
that argument and testimony in the
long case' will end for good and all to
m orro w
The last witness of. this, strenuous
day was. Joseph B. Frontin of Tucson,
-Ariz., who showed himself able to keep
up the interest of the room full of
spectators to the end. Frontin is as
mild-mannered a ."cow puncher" as
ever straddled a bronco, but he
showed an ability to fire up under
provocation that relieved his testimony
of all monotony. He had long 'been
employed on Fred Hyde's -ranches and
thus had become a confidential friend
of Schneider. .His testimony, which
was not completed when" court . ad
journed for the day, was in part as
follows:
"When we were in tbjs State Schneider ask
ed me to make application for , California
school lands and to get others to do the same.
I did both, • but never got any • pay - for It.
Since going to Tucson . I hava . seen much of
Schneider. - He told me he had made some
sort of a statement to Colonel Zabriskie for
the Interior Department regarding Hyde's
business - In State and Government lands. He
also told - me that Hyde " had been using fic
titious names: that were obtained In answer
to advertisements." He said that Elizabeth Di
mond was a fictitious person. "
- When Slack came down to Tucson to inter
view Schneider in 'Hyde's Interest, Schneider
told me "all about It. He was sorry then that
he had told the Government what he had, be
cause he and Slack - were ¦" good frtenda and he
thought Slack might get Into trouble. He
also told ' me - of Dimond's visit, saying that
they had" talked in a . circle' and accomplished
nothing. J -" • * ' <.
In August. 1003, - 1 called on Hyde when
I was In -, thlft city. He then . told ¦ me that'
Government Detective Burns was handling the
case and that 'Burns would see Schneider. I
therefore suggested J sending Schneider a tele
gram | to keep his mouth shut. I wrote : out a
message, but that was not strong < enough for
Hyde and | he drafted another, which I signed.
It was sent- to Schneider . through Hereford &
Haszard, the Tucson • attorneys. What -. did • I
say In the message? Wall/ 1 told hits for one
thing to - have . nothing; . to do with this man
Burns. Shortly afterward Schneider left Tuc-
Here he had 1 never seen Elizabeth Di
mond or Jennie P., Blair, regarding
whose mythical character Schneider
had first informed the -Government. He
admitted that he had for some time
had in his desk twenty-three Wells-
Fargo envelopes of a style long obso*
lete, but that several of .these had been
taken away months ago. This was the
envelope used for one of the anony
mous letters which the Government
charges Defendant Dimond with writ
ing. The. witness' desk was open so
that persons in the office— Dimond or
any of the others there— might have
obtained the envelopes. y
FRONTIN OF TUCSON.
The Grand Jury drew attention last
*eek to the fact that liquor was being
openly sold in unlicensed saloons in
the neighborhood of the Presidio. Ap
parently acting on this hint. Police
man James Casey secured warrants
yesterday from Police Judge Cabaniss
for the arrest of two bartenders in one
of these places at Baker and Lombard
streets on a charge of selling liquor
without a license.
PoUce Take Action.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion on June 1 5 at San Francisco, Los
Angeles, Marysville and Fresno for
the position of engineer in the Indian
service; salaries, 5480 to 51000 a year.
The majority of the appointments,
however, are made at salaries of $720,
J84J) to $900 a year. Age limits,
20 years or over. Apply to the United
States Civil Service Commission.
Washington, D. C, or to the secretary
of the Board of Examiners, 301 Jack
son street, San Francisco, for applica
tion form 1093, which should be prop
erly executed and filed with the com
mission at Washington prior to the
hour of closing business on June 8.
Positions for Engineers.
"Well, you see I read the testimony
about this woman being ilctitious, in
the newspapers, and I remember we
had a servant . girl some years ago
whose name was Lizzie. What her last
name was I cannot say. No, I cannot
tell .whether she was old or young,. tall
or short, stout or slim, fair or dark, or
how long ago she was at our house."
After this '.' ilure to substantiate the
woman whose name Hyde had used as
the selector of immense tracts of lieu
lands, Mr. Morris was succeeded on the
stand by his son, H. C. Morris. The
memory of the younger, man was equal
ly hazy as to most things he was asked
about. He could «not aid his cousin
with any more positive testimony as
to the alleged servant. He only remem
bered that some .woman named Eliza
beth or Lizzie had -been employed for
An indefinite period and at an Indefinite
time as cook in the family home 'at
Oakland. Commissioner Heacock had
already said with emphasis in court
that he was satisfied that- there > never
was any Elizabeth Dimond. con
viction was not shaken yesterday.
M. D. Hyde, brother of Fred Af,
;Wa»T then called ¦ for the Government;
He told of his visit to Arizona in com
pany with Walter' W.' , Slack, when . the
latter was sent , to. "pump" Defendant
Schneider as to - his admissions to the
Federal agents, but he had nothing
new to tell on that point. • He had^.an
office' in. his brother's -fsulte -, at '415
Montgomery street for many years.
On one point, however, his testimony
was of more use to the prosecution.
Heney questioned him rigorously re
garding the mythical Elizabeth Di
mond, who has figured so prominently
in the testimony, as one of Hyde's se
lectors. The defendant, Henry P. Di
mond, had testified that Hyde always
told him Elizabeth Dimond was 'a ser
vant in his Uncle Morris' family.
"Do you know Elizabeth Dimond?"
asked Heney. - .•"'"" /
".Well, I don't know, whether I do or
not," said the cautious old financier,
"Why do you laugh?"
Lavenson's testimony strongly cor-"
roborated McCusker's as to the manner
in which the Oregon school lands were
acquired by Schneider for the Hyde-
Benson partnership. Henry S. Morris,
the venerable Oakland banker, was the
next witness called by Heney. He said
he was an uncle of Defendant Fred A.
Hyde and had at different times had
land transactions with his nephew. He
could not recall .whether he had ever
owned any State school lands or wheth
er he had made any application' for
forest lieu selections. Ir^ fact' he had
forgotten nearly everything the Gov
ernment wanted to know and was quite
unable to explain how his name came
to appear in the Hyde applications be
fore the land office.
AS TO EL.IZ ABETH DIMOXD.
As- Benson's clerk, I knew that he and Hyde
were Jointly Interested In the Oregon lands.
I have eeen the Joln^ account, in which these
lands were charged up at $1 "3 an acre, and
the balance of receipts on sales equally divided
between Benson and Hyde. One-half of *>1
mond's salary was charged to Benson.
I had through the Portland city directory, bu
they all denied that they were the persons tha
had acted tot Schneider. Out of all the sev
enty-flve names I could only get two person
to admit that they had taken up any lands.
D. Alexander, the notary public who testl
fied here, told me thnt Schneider had com
to his office with a lot of person* whom h
had never seen. Other notaries said the Mm
thlny.
I had made a number of - tripe • to Oregon
for Benson before Hyde asked me, In Febru
ary or' March. 1903. to go up there and try
to straighten out his Oregon school land titles.
He said Borne . charges had been ' made - that
these titles were irregular, and he wanted me
to get statements from as many a* possible of
the people who had taken up. the lands show-
Ing that they had taken them up In good faith
for their own use and . not for ; speculation.
Hyde gave me some, carda with names -• and
plats on them.* McCusker was one of the men
I saw at Portland. He declined • to giv* me
an affidavit. - 1 found j only one • other person
who admitted that he had taken up lands for
Schneider. I found many others whose names
James H. Lavenson, who has been a
clerk for Benson jever since -1891, was
the next witness. .He was questioned
by Heney on th« lines of McCusker's
testimony regarding the Oregon . land
transactions conducted for' Hyde . by
Defendant Joost H. Schneider.: Laven
son said: .
HYDE'S OREGON TITLES.
1 recall the meeting with .Taggart in May,
1809. when he was • going riorth. but ' do not
remember asking -him 'for' information or that
he came to Benson's office <. for money. I do
not recall sending him any map, paper or In
struments. \ Hfcj ¦ letter* were turned . ov^r ¦ .. to
'Benson wltltout being read by me. .Idia not
read any letter asking for $220, but I ' remem
ber that this sum was paid to hie cousin, Ed
win Taggart, in Oakland. Benson gave me
the money anil I handed K" to .the" druggist.
This,-' was- -In November,' 18JW. ¦ I remember
one of .Taggart' « letters- containing' Informa
tion'about the reserves, because It was In greet!
Ink.- I'never asked Taggart' to Include or ex
clude any particular lands In his recommend
ations. ,'r, .'•- . . .'
Clara E. Glover, called by Heney,
then took the stand. Before the Gov
ernment attorney began his questions
Schlesinger objected to her examina
tion, on the ground that the State law's
made information obtained by '.- em
ployes from their employers. privileged.
But the Commissioner overruled the
objection with emphasis, -..kaylng,
"There can be no privilege in^crime."
On Schlesinger's . . request; : . however,
Heacock instructed 'the .witness 4 that
she was not 'obliged to give, evidence
that would incriminate, herself.-; This
unnecessary, .as .Miss ; Glover
"proved, a very circumspect "witness,
thus differing from some, of * Hyde's
stenographers, .who have apparently
told ¦ all they knew. To .many of
Heney 's Questions her answer was, "I
do not remember."- She said in' sub
stance: * " ; /* V ; , r
"As fast as I made up the maps to
be sent to the Land Office I sent plats
of the tracts to be included to Ben
son's office," the witness replied. ; ,
"Would you not have shown thoBe to
any one else?"
"No.' I had been instructed to keep
the matter secret. This was the rule
of the department."
"It looks like a plain case of hold
up," sneered Schlesinger, dropping the
witness.
"What did you actually do for thu
money you say you received?'.' asked
Bert Schlesinger of Hyde's counsel in
cross-examination.
map paper and some drawing Instruments for
the work. These w*n> pent me by express.
Later In the same year I wrote her that I
needed $220 and asked her to hand It to my
cousin. Edwin Taggart. the Oakland druggist,
now dead. She replied by telegraph, "O. K.
Will pay money to Edwin Taggart and get re
ceipt." She did this and my couain paid the
money over to Benjamin F. Woolner, -the Oak
land attorney, who was pressing me for'a debt
due to an estate he was closing up. This
money was not repaid to Benson or Miss Ulo
ver. I treated it as a paymemrfor the inform
ation I had furnished regarding my forest re
ffrve recommendations. In these selections I
almost Invariably Included the school sections,
10 and :;G. in each township, the Benson-Hyde
operations being mainly In school lands.
Neither Beneon nor Miss Glover, however,
asked me to Include the school Bectlons.
ADMITS BREACH' OF DUTY.
When the matter of Police Comm's
sioner H. W. Hutton, cited for con
tempt of court in violating the injunc
tion restraining the police from inter
t^ring with the restaurant business of
Jean Pon. 1128 Dupont street, was
called in Judge Cook's court yesterday
the Judge said that Attorney Hiram
Johnson, respondent's counsel, was en
gaged in Judge Lawlor's court. He
overruled the demurrer to the pro
ceedings interposed by Johnson on
Friday and continued the hearing till
this morning. The other cases* were
continued till the same time.
Contempt Hearing Postponed.
ARIZONA CATTLEMAN FORMERLY EMPLOYED BY ..FREDERICK A. HYDE.
JOHN A. BENSON'S STENOGRAPHER AND HYDE'S UNCLE, AN OAKLAND
BANKER. ALL OF WHOM TESTIFIED AT THE LAND FRAUDS HEARING.
" In the land frauds hearing the Gov
ernment yesterday called a few wit
nesses for the purpose of fastening
do.wn some facts which it does not in
tend to lose sight of when the case i
comes on for trial at Washington.
With the exception of Grant I. Tag
gart, all the witnesses of the day \ver« I
persons connected with the defendants, j
Taggart's testimony was 'the most '
sensational of the day. He said'he had
accepted money from John A. Benson J
for furnishing Benson with advance
information concerning tracts of Call
fornia lands. His testimony involved j
Miss Clara E. Glover, Benson's clerk, !
who confirmed Taggart's story in part. I
From other witnesses testimony was
obtained relating to the fictitiou? EHz- '
abeth Dimond, whose name appears in
the Hyde-Benson lieu selections, . and
Joost H. Schneider, one of the defend
ants.
SAYS HE GOT BENSON'S GOIjI>.
Taggart's testimony was in sub
stance a« follows:
I have known Ben«on for thirty year*, arvl
Ml?« Glover, his HU-nographer. tor * nearly as
I lotig. We were neighbors In Oakland ami *hp
one* bought a piece of property from me. the
purchase price being paid by Benson. ;
When I w»j appointed Forest SuperviFor In |
1S0S 1 told her I was coin* to the northern \
part cf the State under Instructions to examine
and report on the forests of that region with h I
view to creating reserves under the net of I
1S37. She Mttd *he had a little money and If I
would let her know what land* were recom
mended for withdrawal it might b* of advan
tage to her. I promised to give her the In
formation. A short time after this one of my
I creditors wu pressing me and I asked her for
a loan of fl.%0. This was at Benson's office.
She ttadn't the money with her, but fcald sh»
would speak to Ben«on about It. Benson came
out of his private office and. remarking "Clara
tells me you want $150." laid down some gold
coins on the table. AVhen I counted them I
found they amounted to Just the sum 1 had
avkfd for.
This money wm never sepaJd. Neither His*
Glover nor Benson demanded Its repayment I
Intended to pay it back, but when I got a let
ter from Miss Glover referring to the matter
and speaking of "we," I concluded that several
persons were Interested and that It would not
come out of her pocket. So I Just kept it
Returning from my work In the north I
saw Miss Glover again In August. 180!), and
told her that when I decided on what lands
to recommend for withdrawal I would let her
know. As fast as my maps were completed
for the land office I* sent her copies. She
had furnished me with a roll of expensive
INVALID ORDINANCE.
The ordinance declared to be uncon
stitutional by Judge Hebbard reads as
follows:
Section 1.— It shall be unlawful for any per
son firm or 'corporation, club -or association,
to carry on any business or to pursue any trade
or vocation within the- limit* of the city and
county of San FranciBCo in any house, room
or building connected by any door, window,
stair? steps, hall, passageway, court or alley
(not a public street) or by any door, court or
alley (not a public street) with any house,
room or building which is used or resorted to
for the purpose of prostitution.
Section '£. — Any person, rlrm. corporation,
club or association who shall violate the pro
visions of this ordinance shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall
be punished by a fine not to exce-d $500. or br
imprisonment In the County Jail for not more
than rlx months or by both such fine and im
prisonment. _
Take, by way of illustration, a very possible
case which would come within the provisions
of thin ordinance — a firm or a corporation
having been for twenty years In the dry
goods business in this city, carrying a stock
of goods worth $100,000, located In a three
story building of which, for the twenty years
said firm or corporation had occupied the first
and* third floors, but not the second floor; t
night of stairs that led to the second and top j
floors and through a door from the lower floo.' I
to the stairway IS the only way to reach the i
upper floor; suddenly the second floor i*
tenated and . is used for and resorted to foi {
Illicit purposes, then the said firm or cor- j
poratlon must move on or become subject to i
arrest from day to day as long as it remains
In that building and to a fine of $500 or lm- ¦
prlsonment In the county Jail, or possibly both.
A multitude of other Illustrations might be .
given showing to what absurd results the en- j
forcement of -such an ordinance might lead. |
For these reasons and under the decisions abovp
cited and many others, the court holds said j
ordinance. So. 1159, to be unconstitutional
and void.
It Is" therefore ordered that tke demurrer
be overruled without leave to defendants to
further answer, and that a perpetual injunction
be issued herein as prayed.
Judge Hebbard's opinion, in part, is
as follows:
The ordinance is invalid. McQuillan on
Municipal' Ordinance, at section 2i!S, citing
a number of kindred cases, fays cuch ordi
nance* are unconstitutional. It !s unneces
sary to go Into the various cases cited on this
point, for a mere reading of the ordinance
itself is sufficient to show t-xfn to {the lay
man's mind that It is absurd; that It is an
exercise of police power Without reaHon, and
that Its enforcement would amount to a con
fiscation of property without and beyond the
authority of the constitution.
COURT'S OPINION".
Ordinance No. 1159, passed by the
Board of Supervisors last March, which
makes 't a misdemeanor for any per
feon, firm, corporation, club or associa
tion to carry- on or conduct a business
in any building any part of which is
used for Illicit purposes, is invalid in
the opinion of Judge Hebbard. In a
decision^ rendered -by him yesterday
overruling the demurrer of the .City (At
torney to the. suit of Jean Pon for an
Injunction restraining the police from
interfering with him "or molesting htm
in hia'conduct of a restaurant and cigar
store at 1129 Dupont street, he sayu
the ordinance is not only a violation of
the constitution, but an absurd In
fringement by the Board* of Super
visors upon the rights of. citizens. The
decision makes permanent the tempor
ary, injunction issued to Pon at the time
his complaint was filed, and denies to
the city authorities the permission to
amend their answeMo his complaint.
Upsets Supervisors' Efforts
to Prevent Use of Build
ings for Illicit Purposes
To test the validity of an art passed
by the Legislature of California dur
ing' the session in 1901 making it a
felony to interrupt or break any wires
carrying currents of electricity, D. J.
Sullivan, a contracting house-mover,
.subjected himself to arrest yesterday.
The charge was preferred by the Sun
"s<H Telephone and Telegraph .Com
pany, because some of its wires had
been severed during the process of
moving a house on Hyde street. He
was arrested by Policeman Prowse
and booked at the Central police sta
tion for violation of section 593 of the
Penal Code. He was immediately re
leased on bail of J125.
Lfcte yesterday afternoon the United
Kailronds applied to Superior Judge
Frank Kerrigan for an order restrain
ing Sullivan from interfering with the
trolley lines at Hyde and Ellis streets.
The complaint stated that the cor
poration had been informed of an in
tention upon the part of the t house
moving contractors to test the validity
of the act passed by the Legislature
in 1901 creating a felony punishment
for severing wires carrying electrical
currents used in public service. The
complaint- also stated that the '"Owl
car" service would be seriously inter
fered with by a severance of the trol
ley'wires at this point.
Sullivan has plucked a two-story
frame house of ancient lineage from
its base at the corner of Ellis and Hyde
street? snd started it on its way
toward the northern shores of the bay.
In order to make the Journey by direct
route it will be necessary- to cut the
telephone wires and the trolley wires
of the United Railroads in many places
and when he applied to the company,
for this permission h* was refused. He
M*nt right ahead, however, with his
moving operations and landed the
house in the middle of Hyde street,
much to the detriment of the. tele
phone wires fronting on the corner.
Then he announced his intention to
tote that old house around pretty
plenty, without regard to telephone or
trolley wires, under a permit he had
secured from the Board of Public
Works. The United Railroads accord
ing filed its complaint and a tem
porary restraining order was issued,
returnable before Judge Murasky on
May 20.
Heretofore house-movers have been
in the habit of notifying the various
electrical companies and the wires
have been severed for them. Now it is
proposed to make a fight against block
ing the streets and impeding public
convenience by moving old houses in
stead of tearing them down.
Secure Restraining Order to
Prevent Contractor From
Proceeding With His Plan
LAW UNCONSTITUTIONAL
Judge Hebbard Knocks Out
the Ordinance Restricting
the Eights of Tenants
I .\n ED BA1LK0ADS ACTS
D. J. Sullivan Tests Act
I of legislature ltegardiiig
Severing Electrical Wires
Grant I. Taggart Tells Gommissioner in Land Frauds
Case That He Was Bribed to Furnish Tips on For
est Reserves-Other Important Testimony Introduced
HOUSE MOVER
IS ARRESTED
VICE A VICT0R
IN THE COURTS
FOREST SUPERVISOR ADMITS
HE GOT COIN FROM BENSON
THE SAS FRASCISCO CAtl. TUESDAY, MAY JO, 1«U.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'¦ HI fe The Delineator differs from every other
' r iJISiii^^2 R ' magazine in many ways — but chiefly in the
"""irf^roiiL*"*" fulness with which each number covers the
/*|g|§||fe^ features (all of them) that interest a woman.
It isn't merely that there are many fas-
cinating articles on the Season's Styles pic-
«E$7-~?5§3i^|w tured in this month's issue — and a Notable
<&&£&§?' paper on Home-Beautifying or something
, i j T -.rS!gfirl 5 --._; else next month — but each separate number
o f Th e Delineator is full of just the things,
and all the things, she wants to know about
There's a lavish abundance of the helpful and the, practical
that is not found elsewhere. Take the June number, for instance:
(Rve million women of America will read it.) .
tTo begin with— the A School of Beauty has never really
Fashions,of course, existed before. The nearest to> it are
More to choose be- the cosmetic »shops and the doubtful
tween and better newspaper articles by alleged " Beauty
pictured than in any Doctors" and the like. In- •* The
other magazine you Fountain of Youth" ,- jifev
ever looked at — Dr.GracePeckham
and through them Murray is showing _ ]*^jff
all the safeness of absolute authority that each woman v^ idK
as to Fashion's approval. There are may control her own
two gowns shown that are destined beauty. This- series J^f/if^Li^
to — but one can't describe them here, is a revelation, f Jf *-
For Home Builders There is much to interest the Child
— a house that in this number — and as much more
.>g£|SS!5Si^ doesn't cost much, that will appeal to its Mother, as for
looks as though it instance, " Varying Temperaments in
J^^IfiSfeG! did > and has artistic Children," by Mrs. Theo. W. Birney,
JBrftb^^^B^ comfort built into Hon. Pres't Nat- J^^v
every nook and cor- ional Council of O^NilS
ner of it. This is Mothers. The tots £&£&
one of a series that doesn't deal with themselves have %&*$&
architects' dreams,' but shows real half a dozen work /^|^7^2v
houses, actually built — and illustrated and play stories to j
with, photographs taken after all the amuse them. vO^ '
bills are paid. x^T
"The Joy of Liv- "Around the World in Eighty Pictures"
%ing," is a series of is the tide of a series of picture-letters
thoughtful papers written by a young bride who is making
by Lillie Hamilton the grand tour as a honeymoon) trip.
French, which has ' The letters are accompanied by a
already given our profusion of the * +
readers much to most brilliant pho- Xffjz&s/
think about. It to£raphsweremem- \j£^LfeJ
deals with the different phases of home bcr having seen. \Jjtf£~^J
life. This month's article is about She is travelling
mothers with stay-at-home daughters, through Manchuria tnfcJL*' jCV
and both mothers and daughters will in this number., JaSajftT^rl/^.
read it with interest * Wi / /t*J
I \» I Rebecca Boone,the. Fiction is here in plenty. " The Giver
fwy I i, w 'fe of the famous of Honour" is a Japanese love story
Jp|/' >[ \Y pioneer, had a life of singular charm. Two college stories;
{f^^tii&kz&i hardly less adven- "At the Window of Paradise" and
d^cV^lwAi turou3 tnan that °* " Bailey's Sister," bring the Iove-tnter-
tt/ji her husband. Hair- est nearer home. m
\OV 6%/V\ breadth escapes The Departments @V?^
and hardships in- are as fully treated r t?,\^J3^^Li
numerable were hers for many years, as, always — Club ffJC^Fg?y*^t
This is the second in the series of Women, Needle-
" Pioneer Women," and is an Indian work — a score of jlj^ - C^
story of the most fascinating kind — other, things. *^^ \V
and a true one. nsar
BE SURE TO GET IT -
¦ * • . • . ¦ ' y /~
Of your newsdealer or any Butterkk agent, or of the publishers, at 15c. a copy. $1 .00a year.
THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY, Ltd, Buttcrick Building. New York
ADVEBTISE3CENTS.
EsLJcoffee Perfection\«jp
j I We have been selecting, blending and I
I I romsting coffee for over half a century. II
I I Golden Gate is the result of our long If
I § coffee experience. We cannot improve it. Tj
II I Gould not make it better if we tried. II •
1 I No one knows how to blend it but our- .11
I I selves. Golden Gfite is fragrant— delicious. II
|| High grade grocers sell it. II
I I 1 and 3 1b. aroma-tight tins. II
y "¦ Ml J. A. Tolgmr <H Co., ••» rr»a«u«o sJL—
¦ JLbbsIiIsIssssssK nEsy^MBlJsfc.- S^b^blJ«>s*>^>b»« aMB^ sfej^^SBft^iiM 4saf* W^stA 4^ A g~ i, ja _^^a«B^sssl I™ 1^™^™^~"
TbT^sHfesW^ ¦ssspeWWrv MsjW ¦M^bVb1bsW"1 IX VSN VW V*0*)W
hj I f The absence of a disagreeable a
IK JL forelsn or "cftertasto," prov- ||
f\.^X Y^r^ Ing scrupulous cleanliness during «
VrM a \ the brewing process. II
I JF . ¥ yj f The great majority of beers possess a mouldy j |
I » ¦ I or must y flavor, which leaves a most disagree- 5 1
I jrf/tln I I 6 °l e twang in the month of the drinker. */
X///ll\\\\\\l This is due solely to lack of cleanliness, many Ik
Wll\WFj/l brewers being indifferent to this virtue. In jj
y//))fLfJ brewing the famous \ I
X&P& A. B. C. Beers If
" USP> (Th9 CnIy beer bottl * d exclusively at tho Brewery) V
fiWjrf^ifr the most scrupulous cleanliness is exercised over all I
KB** Vy* vessels, pipes or any object with which the beer |
wT- * comes in contact, and every precaution that will con- |
II * duce to sanitary purity is employed. 1
\f American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A. |
O HILBERT MERCANTILE CO., /WOMEN'S CL.UB HONORS
HAVE NO ATTRACTION
Grand Chief Engineer W. S. Stone,
First Grand Engineer T. S. Ingraham,
Second Grand Engineer and Editor of
the Engineers' Journal C. H. Salmons;
Third Grand Engineer Delos Everett,
Second Grand Assistant Engineer J.
C. Currie, Grand Chaplain G. R. Dori
ty, Mrs. W. A. Murdock; president, and
Mrs. Harry St. Clair, secretary, of the
Ladies 1 Auxiliary.
The convention will last until June
2 and will pass upon many legislative
matters for the good of the order. New
grand officers are also to be chosen.
The convention will intersperse its
business sessions with many excur
sions and entertainments, which have
been planned by the local committees.
• LOS ANGELES, May 9. — Delegates
to, the sixth biennial convention of the
International Brotherhood of^Locomo-,
tive Engineers, which convenes in'
this city . next Wednesday, have al
readyarrived in considerable numbers
and are coming in to-day on every
train. It is estimated that 300 of the
total 636 delegates which will com
pose the convention have arrived and
that-j by to-morrow practically the
whole number will be here. Among
the latest , arrivals are the following
party of grand officers, who came
from the East by way of San Fran
cisco:
Delegates to Convention of
Locomotive Engineers Are
Gathering 1 at Los Angeles
THROTTLE MEN
TO ASSEMBLE
Work "Begins on extension.
SAN JOSE, May 9.— A force of men
was put to work to-day by Contractor
Elder on the Interurban extension of
one . mile from Saratoga "to Congress
Springs. He expects to complete the
branch in six weeks.
Miners at Jackson Strike.
JACKSON.. May 9. — The strike at
the Fremont Consolidated was re
newed to-day. When the men "report
ed for work this morning the superin
tendent.was requested to take all back
( without cxceptlo'n. This he refused to
do, objecting j to ..two or three union
men. • Thereupon the employes de^
clined to go .to work. It - is* now,
thought an . effort will be made to op
erate with" non-union miners. The
surface men and engineers didnot go
on strike, as most of them ' belong ., to
the American Federation. ',
Alaska Governor at White House.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— Governor
Brady of Alaska had a conference
with President Roosevelt about Alas
kan affairs. ' Governor. Brady is the
Alaskan commissioner to the St. Louis
Exposition and is away from his post
at this time in connection with expo
sition / work.
SANTA ROSA. May 9.— Hugh Mc-
Michaels, aged 15 years, was drowned
in Russian River about seven miles
below Healdsburg Sunday afternoon
while swimming with several com
panions. Residents of the vicinity
searched all night in an effort to re
cover the body of the youth, but were
not successful until late Monday after
noon. The accident occurred in a pool
of water from twelve to fourteen, feet
in depth. It is supposed that the lad
was attacked with cramps. No scream
or cry for assistance was heard by" the'
boys who were with McMichaels. The
body was recovered by a youth named
Isaacs, who dived into the pool of
water. Coroner Frank L. Blackburn
went north to-night to hold an'in
quest: The funeral will take place
Tuesday morning and the interment
will be in Oak Mound Cemetery.
Santa Rosa Lad Meets Untimely End
While Swimming With
Companions.
YOUTH ATTACKED BY . .
CRAMPS IS DROWNED
Prominent San Jose Couple Weds.
SAN JOSE, May 9.— John W. Sul
livan, a prominent attorney of this
city, was married to Miss Sophia J.
Ruger this afternoon at St. Joseph's
Church. The ceremony was performed
by Father Gleeson in the presence of
the immediate relatives of the parties.
Because of the recent death of the
bride's. father the wedding was a very
quiet one. The bride is the daughter
of the late Julius H. Ruger, a retired
lawyer of this city, and niece of the
late Chief . Justice John Ruger of the
New York Court of Appeals. Sulli
van is prominent in Republican poli
tics. Mr. and Mrs. Sullivan left this
afternoon for San Francisco, where
the honeymoon will be spent.
'. . setting.
MILAN, Kans., May 9. — While
fijrdir.g-the Chickaska River, one mile
ri«rth of here, a wagon containing W.
Hartlon. wife and five children, was
<r/erturned. The woman and three
children were drowned. Mr. Hanlon
rescued two children after several
Knur's' effort.
Kansas Man looses Wife and Three
Children by Wagon Up-
HEATH -COMES TO FOUR
• . PEOPLE FORDING RIVER
First Lieutenant John E. Hemphill,
signal corps, will make, during the
fiscal year, not to exceed ..two visits
per month to' Safety Harbor and not
to exceed one visit per month to^ St.
Michael, Alaska, on official . business
In connection with the operation and
maintenance of the military telegraph
system of Alaska, and upon comple
tion of his work return to the station
at Nome after each visit.
Civil service examination will be
held July 11 in San Francisco and San
Diego for positions in the custom
house service.
¦ One additional letter carrier is al
lowed Santa Barbara to serve from
April 1 to. June 30. 1 ..?:;t!f
First Lieutenant John E. Hemphill
is relieved from duty at Fort Wood,
N. Y., July 1, and will proceed to Van
couver Barracks for instructions per
taining to the military telegraph sys
tem in_A.laska and upon completion of
his work will take the station at Nome
and relieve First Lieutenant Alfred T.
Clifton. Lieutenant Clifton will pro
ceed to Vancouver Barracks.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— The fol
lowing named enlisted men of the sig
nal corps, now stationed at or near
San Francisco, will be sent by the com
manding general, Department of Cal
ifornia, to St. Louis, Mo., with instruc
tions to report on arrival to Major
George P. Scriven, signal corps, for
duty in connection with the signal
corps exhibit at the Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition:
First Class Sergeants Robert J.
Brownfield and Alfred C. jGreene and
Sergeant William E. Seyboth.
The following changes of stations
and duties of officers, signal corps, are
ordered: First Lieutenant William C.
Fitzpatrick is relieved from duty, sig
nal corps post, Fort Myer, Va., June
1, and will proceed to Vancouver Bar
racks, Wash., for instructions pertain
ing to operation and maintenance of
the military telegraph system in Alas
ka and upon completion of that work
will proceed to Fort Gibbon,- Alaska,
and relieve First Lieutenant Richard
O. Rickard of his present duties. Lieu
tenant Rickard will proceed via St.
Michael to Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.
Order« Issue to Members of Signal
Corps for Duty in
Alaska.
OF INTEREST TO TEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Dozen Millions.
PHILADELPHIA. May 9. — Twelve
tons of virgin gold were to-day re
duced to a molten state at the United
Slates Mint here. At the same time
the coinage department began the
•worK of converting the mass into
golden eagles. To-morrow twelve
more tons •nill be melted and within
the- rfMt few days about $12,000,000
will be coined. Most of the gold came
from_ New York in bullion.
• The melting of twelve tons of gold
in- one day is said to be a new record
for mint smelting.
# • -- -
Philadelphia Mint Wins a Record
and Will Turn Out a
TWELVE TOXS OF GOLD
MELTED TO MAKE COIN
SAN JOSE, May 9. — Bids for the
new Hall of Justice were opened by
the Board of Supervisors th^is morning.
The building 'is to be erected back of
the Hall of Records on Market and
St. James streets. . Bids were asked for
two styles of buildings, one of steel
and sandstone and the other of brick
and terra cotla, wilh terra cotta trim
mings. The folloMjing bids were re
ceived: A. E. House, stone $124, 927,
brick $115,287; D. J. Byron, stone
$127,987, brick Jill, 587; American-
Hawaiian Engineering and Construc
tion Company, stone $126,327 96, brick
$114,800; Morrison Bros., stone, $134.
091, brick "$122;293; A. B. Fletcher,
stone $135,449, brick $122,293; M.
Concannon, stone $135,797, brick
$125,000; McGIlyray Stone Company,
stone $135,300, no bid on brick build
ing.
The certified checks accompanying
all the bids except those of Messrs.
House and Byron, the former being
the lowest bidder for a stone building
and the latter for a brick building,
were ordered returned by the Board
of Supervisors. Further action on the
bids were postponed until May 16..
I»roposals Arc Received by the Board
of Supervisors for Two Styles
of Structure.
BIDS OPENED FOR SAX
JOSE'S HALL . OF JUSTICE
. • DENVER. May 3. — In the litigation
arising from the breaking of the
' Checseman dam above Buffalo Park
Several years ago Judge Johnson in
the District Court to-day overruled the
fiemurrer of the Denver Union Water
Company, defendant, pleading that the
'break was caused by the act of God;
that the company had not been proven
guilty of negligence in building or
Siaintaining the dam, and that it
should be held immune from any
judgment.-
I Judge Johnson in his opinion holds
that builders of reservoirs are liable
ffeV all injuries or damages caused by
Uie collapse of a dam constructed by
them. About J 100,000 worth of Colo
rado and Southern Railway property
was destroyed by the breaking of the
Cheeseman dam and the railroad com
.f any is suing to recover damages.
Colorado Judge Overrules a De
murrer in a Case Involving
Thousands of Dollars.
PESi:rvoih builders
liable for damages
BOISE. Idaho, May 9.— George Win
part, for many years a prominent resi
dent cf Hailey, where he conducted a
hotel, shot himself through the head
this afternoon on the railroad bridge
£nd fell from the structure into the
.river. 2*o trace of his body has been
found. His friends are dumfounded
t y bis action and are unable to advance
any theory whatever that would ex
plain why he took his own life.
Wir.gart came from the Black Hornet
nine this morning and presented hlm
eclf fct the First National Bank, where
ii» had J600 on deposit. He drew out
jthe money, placed it in a leather pock
et-book which he carried in his coat
end went over to a hardware store,
.\\here he purchased a revolver and box
cf- cartridges. It is supposed he then
-vent to the bridge. At the spot where
Winjrart had been sitting the Sheriff
.found the suicide's coat and vest and
•his "blood-stained hat. The money was
Intact.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
All directions concerning the opera
tionB of the commission are set out
fully in the regulations,/ and, a recita
tion is made of all the operations lead
ing up to the. acquisition of .the canal
property and 'the appointment of the
commission.
WASHINGTON, .May 9.— President
Roosevelt had a : long 'conference to-day
with* Secretaries Hay and Taft and At
torney General Knox, at which , the reg
ulations to govern the Isthmian Canal
Commission ; were "determined upon
finally.
While the creation and work of the
commission is committed by law to the
President, .whose authority in that re
gard is practically supreme, the Pres
ident, by ' the regulations, directs that
the commission shall exercise Its pow
ers under the direction' and supervision
of the Secretary of War.
General George W. Davis, the, army
member of the commission, is-appoint
ed governor of the American zone ! on
the isthmus. . Until the expiration of
the Fifty-eighth Congress the Isthmian
Canal Commission will exercise legis
lative authority over the American
strip. Governor Davis is given author
ity to appoint one Judge, who shall ex
ercise judicial authority.
Under the operation of what is
known as the Dockery law the audit
ing of the commission's accounts will
fall to the duty of the Auditor of the
State Department, but beyond the mat
ter of auditing the State Department
will not be charged with any control
over the commission. The commission
will report directly to the Secretary of
War as often as he may direct upon all
phases of its operations. It will be
under the same sort of control of the
Secretary of War as is the Philippine
Commission.
Army Member of the Board
Will Supervise: American
Zone <m Isthmus
Xo Cause Can Be Assigned
" for the Tragic Act as the
' Man Had Plenty of Money
In the House, however, there is
nothing of that kind. It is divided
against itself by the center aisle, on
one side of which sit the Democrats
and on'the other the Republicans. Ev
ery proposition is viewed with sus
picion by one side according as it
comes from the other side. Nor does
opposition confine itself to these lim
its. It is quite likely to appear on
both sides. So far as friendships are
concerned half the members have not
even a speaking acquaintance with the
other half — the political division hav
ing nothing to do with this relation.
The members simply do not come to
gether, many of them passing through
session after session as strangers to
many other members. And yet friend
ships here count for much, as may
well be understood. To secure the
passage of a bill of importance to an
individual member, that member must
first convince the members of the
committee to which it is referred.
That is no small job, seeing that very
many bills go to the" committee, but
if the author has friends on the com
mittee it is easier. If it finds a front
place on the calendar — which it will
do only if it is early reported — then it
may be reached in the regular order
of business. In any other case the
author is, first, at the complete mercy
of "Uncle Joe Cannon." He must ne
gotiate a "recognition" from Uncle
Joe. For not every man who rises up
and says "Mr. Speaker" gets a greet
ing. It must — especially in the late
hours of the session — -he all arranged
for in advance. Mr. Cannon must have
been consulted, the bill explained and
he convinced that it is a proper meas
ure. He wili tell you that there are
thirty other bills of the same kind
that have an equal right to be passed,
and, to be fair to them, W«: must not
see or hear you should you speak to
him from the floor.
FAVORS ARE PREARRANGED.
Should you convince him and gain
his favor and ct.ll up your bill out of
its order, then some man who does not
know you or your bill,' or who knows
you but does not Snow your bill, or
who knows your bill, but does not
know you, or who knows and docs not
like you— one or the other of these
contingencies out of the great assem
blage on the floor will rise up and stop
you. Should you run the gauntlet of
all these preliminaries to a fair hear
ing on the floor, then you have noth-
JIOUSE IS DIVIDED.
Great heaps of papers are piled up In
the House document room—representa
tive in great measure of the bills that
did not pass. For most of them it was
never intended that they should pass —
that is by the leaders. Those who in
troduced them of course may have had
great hopes, and this is largely a mat
ter of experience. Those who have
had much experience have little hope.
Congress having fixed a .day for ad
journment, the struggle to secure pass
age of pet measures that had been in
steady progress since the opening day
had taken oh the character of a stam
pede and congestion followed. That is
to sav, there is .every appearance of
congestion, and those who made the
struggle believed there would be a con
gestion. But from the time the hour
for adjournment is fixed there are those
who know how every intervening hour
is to be employed — who are to have the
floor and for how long, what bills are
to be allowed to make the goal. The
bills of national importance of course
have precedence. For the others it Is
a matter with the Speaker of the
House, principally.
In the Senate a bill of local import
ance has a comparatively easy time of
it, for it is a part of the courtesy that
is a law to that body that no Senator
shall oppose a bill in which another
Senator is specially interested in be
half of his own constituency. The
Senators — because of their compara
tively small number — are all intimate
ly acquainted and, with but a few ex
ceptions, on friendly terms. For a
Senator to interpose objection to a
measure of only local interest, unless
it should call for a large appropria
tion or be In some other way unusual,
is deemed most "ungracious."
Where are the statesmen of yester
day? They have gone back to the
States, that is all. Nothing has hap
pened to them — but they do not know
what may happen.. The Congress is
dissipated— they have scattered over
the face of the land.
STATESMEN" HAVE GONE.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— The scene
on Capital Hill to-day bears the same
relation to the scene at the same place
this day of last week as does the scene
on Market street of a Saturday night
to the scene on the same thoroughfare
early of a Sunday morning. While no
wild weeds are allowed to gather at the
gates, the Capital halls are desolate.
The perennial visitor and sight-seer
wanders down the long corridors and
listens In a subdued and listless way
to the drone of the guide as he explains
the frescoes on the wall. The peculiar
acoustic properties of the Hall of
Fame— which Is "one of the sights" of
the capital— are tested by the passing
stranger under conditions that, for such
a purpose, leave nothing: to be de
sired. For the passing stranger Is
alone, his voice is the only voice to be
heard, and he may show what interest
he feels In the strange tricks the echoes
play without fear of the smile of the
accustomed throng. '-:?-"'*;
Indeed the acoustic properties of the
whole building may be tested now, for
the echo of the occasional footstep goes
hurtling down the corridors as though
eager to fill them with the multiplied
sounds of yesterday or to do what they
can to rob them of the depressing
silence of to-day. Down In the musty
shadows of the ground floor there
is the nailing and trundling of boxes as
porters pack away books and papers.
In the committee rooms, the galleries
and both the chambers of Congress the
house cleaner is at work, and out in the
sunshine, in the surrounding grounds,
is the man with the mower.
I had a talk with Secretary Wilson
the other day concerning the ''testing
garden" recently purchased at Chico
by the Agricultural Department. The
testing garden is what its name indi
cates, a garden to test the possibilities
of the soil of California, and is dis
tinguished as such' from the station
and the laboratory at Santa Ana.
"We are doing more for California
than for any other State in the Union,"
said Secretary Wilson, "and on the
other hand California — not the State
government, but the scientific men of
California — Is doing less for us. The
garden at Chico comprises fifty acres.
It was chosen after a careful prospect
of the whole State for its advantages
of climate and soil. It has a consid
erable rainfall, more than could be
found farther south and if need be
Irrigation may be had. The soil is fine
and rich. We can grow here
fruits of a wider range than most other
points. Fruits will not be grown, how
ever, but the trees for distribution. T.
If. Dorset will be the general officer
in charge."
A Boston firm of architects, Carree
& Hastings, is commissioned to go over
the Walter plan and suggest what
changes may seem to them as neces
sary or proper. The joint commission
is composed of Senators Wetmore, Al
g:er and Gorman and Representatives
Cannon, Hepburn and Richardson. The
model of the Capitol building as it will
appear when completed is still on view
in the rotunda. An appropriation was
made by Congress for its carriage to
and exhibition at St. Louis.
TO IXSPECT BUILDINGS.
It is not Quite true that all the mem
bers of the Congress have gone back
to their fences, for several committees
have been at work during the week
upon commissions left them by the
body before adjournment. One of these
is the Joint commission authorized to
report to Congress next December with
regard to plans for the extension and
completion of the Capitol building in
accordance with the Walter plans.
They have decided upon the extension
according to the earlier Walter plan,
which provides for an extension of the
east front of the main building to a
line with the wings. The later Walter
plan brought the center out beyond
the wings. Some critics .were of the
opinion that this left the dome rela
tively small and was the cause of its
rejection in favor of the earlier plan.
Ing to do in the world to secure a
passage for your bill but to convince a
majority of the members, few of
whom care, or understand, or will
listen while you explain, that your bill
is y. eood one and should be passed.
This is the difference between the Sen
ate and the House. It is true that
senatorial courtesy — though it now
and-lhen slips a link — is a very potent
factor In the legislation of the upper
house. In the lower it is all hard
knocks.
FRIENDS ABE MYSTIFIED
DAVIS CHOSEN GOVERNOB
BY S. W. WALIi.
President and Cabinet Sec
reta ries Arrange Matters
Preliminary to Canal Work
;ldaho 3Iiner Withdraws His
f Funds and Then Fires a
Bullet Into His Brain
Visitors From Interior Listen to Echoes Which
Sound Throughout Silent Halls, While .Mem
bers of Commissions Prepare for Future Reports
DESOLATION APPARENT
IN NATIONAL CAPITOL
LEAVES BANK
TO KILL SELF
RULES ARE MADE
FOR COMMISSION
THE SAN FRANCISCO/ CALL, * TUESDAY, MAY - 10^ 1904;
WASHINGTON. May 9.— John Mitch
ell, president of the United Mine Work
ers of America, and President Keith of
the Longshoremen's Union called on
President Roosevelt to-day. They talk
ed briefly with him about a variety of
subjects, but particularly about the
situation of affairs In the mining
regions of Colorado. Mr. Mitchell said
he did not discuss the matter with the
President with "any idea of having him
take action, as executive action Just
at present i3 not feasible. Both the.
President and Mr. Mitchell regard the
situation with serious concern.
DENVER, May 9. — After numerous
postponements the trial of William D.
Haywood. secretary-treasurer of tha
Western Federation of Miners, on the
charge of desecration of the flag, was
held in Justice HynesV ccmrt to-day.
Hay wood's defense, presented by -At
torney Horace N,« Hawkins, was that
the ..statute doe3 not apply to pictures)
or representations of the flag, but only,
to the flag Itself. The charge is based,
on the issuance of a circular beaming
a picture of a flag and headed "Is Col-,
orado In America?" Justice Hynes w.i}h
give his decision on Thursday next. - .-
home and family for any considerable
length of time.
Conditions in Jlining ; Re
gions of Colorado Subject
of White House Discussion
MITCHELL TALKS
WITH PRESIDENT
"I believe now, as when I wrote my
club creed, that woman has no right
to undertake any work whatsoever
outside of the home along the lines of
philanthropic, church, temperance or
club life that does not emanate from
the home and in its final and best re
sults return to the home. Final and
best results cannot return to the home
when the duties of club life become so
absorbing as to separate one from
LOS AXGELES, May 9. — "My de
cision not to be a candidate for any
office in the grift of. the General Fed
eration of "Women's Clubs is final,"
said Mrs. Robert J. Burdette this
eveninar Just before leaving with her
husband for the East. "While it has
been conceded that the . presidency of
the great organization, which repre
sents a membership of three-quarters
of a million of the. first women of the
land, is within reach, I could not ac
cept the position, because the official
duties .would, take me from the larger
duties centered ¦¦ in the home. In the
second place, I will -have' nothing , to
do with politics or any office that re
quires the " employment ' of political
methods to win it. It seems to me the
use of political methods, at the Los
Angeles convention made the election
of officers an event preceded by cam
paigning ; that - distracted attention
from the programme and caused much
unpleasant feeling. .
"My friends, far and near, have ral
lied nobly and . 1 1 cannot express the
appreciation I feel. The fact that I
must decline to stand for office makes
me feel no less* under obligation to all
the grand women in California and
elsewhere /who have honored me with
their indorsement.
Mrs. Robert Burdettc Declines Pres
idency Because It Would Inter
fere AVith'IIome life.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery purifies the blood and en-
tirely ' eradicates the poisons that
breed and feed disease. . It cures
scrofula, eczema, erj'sipelas, boils,
pimples and other eruptions that
mar and scar the skin. Pure blood
is essential to good health. The
weak, run-down, debilitated con-
dition which so many* people ex-
perience is commonly the effect of
impure blood. Dr. Pierce's Golden
£Iedical Discovery not only cleanses
the blood of impurities, but it in-
creases the activity of the blood-
inaking glands, and it enriches the
body with an abundant supply of
pure, rich blood.
Free. Dr. Pierce's Common
Sense Medical Adviser is sent free
on receipt of stamps to pay expense
of mailing only. Send 2 1 one-cent
stamps for the book in paper covers,
or 31 stamps for the cloth-bound
vqtame. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
ttiiffaln N" V.
;" "I had scrofula and
erysipelas for eight-
een years, until I
heard
Of Dr. Pierce's Go!den Medical Discov-
ery," trrites Mr. Hilery Koons, of Queens,
\V. Va. "When I commenced to take
?his medicine I weighed one hundred
«.ad thirty pounds. I have taken six
bottles of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery and three vials of his ' Pleas-
ent Pellets,' and am glad to say I feel
like "a new man. I now weigh one hun-
dred and seventy-five pounds. When I
had used one bottle of the medicine I
could feel it was helping me. I realixe
Dr. Piexce's Golden Medical Discovery
is the best medicine on earth."
OE. FIERCE'S KEIIEDIES.
'KELLER^ GENITI JS]
RETIHING SALE |
Is Like a Thrilling Continued Story— I
It Grows,More Intensely Interesting as It> Advances.-'
I This sale is certainly a wonder./ The crowds. come faster — the enthusiasm gathers force —
the selling gets swifter with ; each passing day. But: the bargains are' worthy of the multitudes
that come for them. Never — positively never— in the merchandizing history of this city has
there been. a time when money would command- such big returns. Our entire stock is being
I sacrificed. Every dollar's worth of goods, we own must be converted into cash. Profits have
been' deliberately abandoned and costs virtually ignored. Come — visit every department.
OUR STORE IS NOW ONE HUGE MONEY-SAVING SPOT. ' ' ' :
I"™™™ 11 """ 1 """ The $1.00 Shirts at 65c- the $1.25 and $1.50 Shirts
v i^ __ "_i- ¦_ at 85c— the $3.00 Derby Hats at $1.95— the $2.00
Hl^ E3^ Soft* Hats at $1.25— the $2.00 Straw Hats at $1.15—
X^ HLH Hy§ the 50c Four-in-Hand Ties at 25c— the $1.50 All-
I^ffi Wlw W% Wool Sweaters at 65c— the $2.00 Wash Vests at
%J$ MaBrf& JSL^P $1-15— the 25c Imported Hosiery at 16^c— the ?5c
[wmsr 9^^W M U Underwear at 35c— the thousands of other marvelous
¦^b^hi^bb bargains. ¦ ."jf> "."¦•*¦ •?* ** •*
' V^ ....-¦• - - - . .-, ( ;^J,V {-':¦¦ i -. ¦ ' '- ¦•¦'' : - — - ' -J
I Here's One of the Many Wonderful Tailoring
bargains.
(Men's Made-to-Order Suits— tailored in the inimitable Keller way from stylish
~% ' _¦__, all-wool spring and summer fabrics— only $15—
Hi! fP^^ regular price $25. - flj-| P^
*fJ B H If this extraordinary value doesn!t prove a great crowd bringer — y | ||
I|lS fSSg&v if it doesn't keep the scissors of our cutters snipping and the ma- £| JgWfcL
m chines of our operators buzzing at a fast and furious rate until every H B *'<SRk
H one °* these suits is gone— we'll lose faith in the business-making it la
H jil power of low prices. Just think of it— a Keller-tailored suit for $15. I] rJ
m W Why, you can^t buy even a just ordinary suit in the ready-made m - B-
Ira dm,, jW shops at \h& price. Better come promptly. It may save you a pos- Fl
JsL Vgij&Br sible disappointment. Money savers are very numerous these days, JBL SttMIP» ;
and we're confident that none of them will care to miss this chance.
BUILDING FOR. RENT-MACHINERY AND^ FIXTURES FOR SALE.
A Beautiful fionheur, <f Highlarid Shcep^' r Free^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
T H E- POT T E R
IN BEAUTIFUL SANTA BflRBARfl.
RATES — American plaQ— From May: 1, 1904, to January I, 1905:
One person occupihg rooro, witbout bath, $2.50 to $3.50; with bath; $3.50 to $5.00.--/MAN WHO TRIED TO CREMATE
HIS WIFE. HIS VICTIM AND
" THEIR CHILDREN.
Charles Hoffman, 24 years of age,
died at the Harbor Hospital at 3
o'clock last night. Hoffman was ar
rested yesterday afternoon on East
street by Policeman Dowd and
charged with being drunk. At 4
o'clock he became black in the face
and was hurriedly removed to the
hospital, where he was treated by Dr.
George Herzog. He died a few hours
later, presumably from morphine
poisoning. Hoffman was a printer.
Printer Dies In Hospital.
"William F. Earle, a member of tha
Pacific Type Foundry, swore to a war
rant last night charging "William Da
vis with battery. Earle recently pros
ecuted Davis for petty larceny. Davis
was given six months in the County
Jail and was released yesterday. To
get even with-Earle he lay in wait for
him in a lodging-house at 679 Mont
gomery street last night and gave him
a beating. Earle says he will prose
cute Davis again. .<'
Beats His Prosecutor.
Schmitz stated, in explanation of his
course, that he had assured the Geary
street Improvement Club that he would
do all In his power to aid the organiza
tion in improving the thoroughfare.
Consequently when a representative of
the Central company waited on him
and asked for permission- to erect poles
on the block named he had signed the
permit for the privilege. Schmitz
said that his permission only went so
far as to the erection of poles. Schmitz
says that it is not against the law to
erect poles, but the stringing of wires
In certain districts ls forbidden. The
proposition of stringing the wires was
a matter for another municipal depart
ment, Schmitz said.
W. L. Harper petitioned the board
for permission to erect a bathing-hous«
on the ocean beach between mean high
water and the sand dunes and oppo
site the block bounded by J and K
streets.
Peter Seculovich petitioned the board
ft) erect a drawbridge on Kentucky
street at Its Intersection with Islaia
Creek, and also to open Illinois street.
The District Attorney filed an esti
mate that he will require $33,400 to con
duct his office for the next fiscal year,
$1000 being for contingent expenses.
The bid of William J. Hagan and D.
J. Kelly for the burial of the indigent
dead at $5 50 for each interment was
referred to the Health Committee.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
directed the Joint Committee on Streets
and Electricity on next Thursday at 11
o'clock to investigate the illegal . erec
tion of electric light poles on the north
side of Geary street, between Stockton
and Powell, by the Central Light and
Power Company. The Department of
Electricity had reported that the erec
tion of the poles was in direct viola
tion of the ordinance requiring all wires
to be placed underground in the down
town districts.
After four poles had been erected th«
Chief of Police ordered the company
to discontinue their erection, when it
produced a permit signed by President
Schmitz of the Board of Public
"Works. Supervisor Connor, chair
man of the Street Committee,
eays that Schmitz evidently sign
ed the permit without knowing
that the law expressly forbids the erec
tion of poles in the block described,
which is part of underground district
No. 2.
Firm Submits Bid to Super
visors as to the Price to Be
Fixed for Each Interment
TO BUKY INDIGENT DEAD
Central Light Company Se
cures an Illegal Permit
From the Board of Works
ERECTS POLES
WITHOUT RIGHT
SAN JOSE, May;", 9.— William Gil
leran, ,'bne r of l the best - known ' hack
drivers; of this city, died last 'night at
Old-Time Cabby Dies.
Boy Is Missing.
OAKLAND, May 9.— Joseph Hunt,
12*years of age, is missing from 1838
Grove street, his home-
INJURED BT AN AUTOMOBILE— A man
whose name. Is euppobed . to . be J. J . ilareo
vlch. retldln* at 1172 EUU atreet wa, «e-.
verfcly Injured last nl«ht by being thrown
from hi* •buggy by an automobile at the Junc
tion of Fourteenth and Valencia streets.
! PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 9— Schr Spo
kane, for Port Ludlow.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May 0— Schr Spo
kane,-, from Port Gamble. ' ¦ .*
SEATTLE— Sailed May 0— Schr Duxbury, for
Nome;:«Unr 'Farallon, for Skarway. •
Arrived May »— Stmr Humboldt, from Skar
way. .-...:..-. , .- . . -
ABERDEEN— Arrived j May 9— Schr North i
Send. ' f rnm (Ira vk Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
¦ARRIVED.
.' • . - . - Tuesday. May 0. .
•" Schr Jennie Griffin," Gibson, .3 hours from
Bolinas. ' • • - . •
Late Shipping Intelligence.
GILROY, May 9.— Marion E. Ellis,
a .member .of one of the wealthiest
families in the county, died at the
home of his mother, Mrs. J. H.. Ellis,
yesterday afternoon after, a three days'
Illness from .typhoid pneumonia. . He
was a native of Gilroy, aged 30 years,
and leaves - a wife and daughter, be
sides. a mother, a brother and three
sisters. The latter are f -Mrs. George
T. Dunlap and Mrs. Ed ! Holloway of
Gilroy and Mrs. Frank • Vetterllne of
San Luis Oblsoo.
Gilroy Resident Dies Suddenly.
' . OAKLAND, May 9.— Julius Kllbburn,
a San -Francisco , machinist, unmarried,
living. wWi his parents at 514 Forty
fifth street, was. taken suddenly 111 in
San "Francisco; this evening and, '.was
brought' home in r. hack. ' He died?' in
the, hack before* he arrived at his home
and the remains were taken In charge
by the Coroner. /' • -. . . ¦ -, A ¦; .'
Julius Kilbourn Dic&.
Would Care for Goodman's Eslatt*.
Moritz and Kate Menasses and John
Faubel, who'say that in the will of the*
late Georpe the pioneer
merchant, they are" appointed as ex
ecutors to serve without bonds, ap
plied to the Superior Court yesterday
to be appointed special administrators
of the estate. They say 'that the es
tate is in such a condition that pend
ing the filing of the will.such.Actloi'Js
i.teep&ary. Goodman's will, they. nay,,
was made last November. He died on
the 7th insL ... . .
• OAKLAND, May 9. — James Ellis
and George C. Richards, .who aroused
the Lakeside district by holding a fist
icuff duel, were fined $10 each to-day
in .the Police Court. , . .
Fined for Fighting.
OAKLAND, May 9. — John Wilber
Merchant, aged-29 ; years, died to-day
at Fabiola Hospital, from which/ he
graduated a short time ago as a
trained nurse. The deceased resided
at Vacaville, before coming to Oakland
and he leaves a mother. , one brother
arid -two sisters,, who reside at that
place. The remains will be shipped
to Vacaville for. Interment.
John AV. Merchant Dead.
OAKLAND, May 9. — Walter J.
Avery. 45 years of age, residing at 262
Eleventh street, borrowed a fclcycle
last Thursday from A. E. Carpenter,
1111 Washington street, and has. not
been seen since. . His wife and three
children are anxious. The police have
been notified.
Walter J. Avery Missing.
Prominent Sonoma Physician Dies.
SONOMA, May 9.— Dr. H. H. Davis,
a prominent citizen, died at his home
yesterday morning from heart disease.
He came to Sonoma over twenty year*
ago and was engaged in the practice
of medicine. He was born in Norris
town. Pa., October 10, 1841. a wife
arid one daughter survive him.
the home of his parents at 222 West
San Carlos street. He was 39 years
of age and resided In this city
nearly all his life. Gllleran was a
printer by trade, but for the past fif
teen years had been in the hack busi
ness. His hack was always stationed
at the Lamole Hotel and he was a fa
miliar figure to most people on the
streets.
Emily, M. Reddy, widow of the late
Patrick Reddy, died at her residence,
2717 Pacific avenue, on Sunday at the
advanced age of 79.
She leaves a daughter, Mrs. Sybil J.
Colernan, and a brother. §§^$5
Iiics at ' Advanced Age.
- OAKLAND, May 9.— Trial "of, ; the
charges preferred against Policeman
John P. Scanlan by J. J. Mulvey, a
crtppled newsboy, was continued to
day until Friday afternoon at 3 o'clock
by the Board of Police and Fire Com
missioners, owing to the absence of
Commissioner Turner.
Scanlan's Trial Postponed.
ALAMEDA, May 9. — Harry Miller,
son of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Miller, who
left this city three weeks ago under
mysterious circumstances and caused
his family considerable uneasiness, has
been found- on a. ranch near Ripoh.
Young Miller asserts that he grew
tired of his domestic surroundings and
decided to go out into the world and
hustle for himself.
Missing Youth Heard From.
William J. Dingee, president of the
Contra Costa Water Company, by let
ter withdrew an agreement not" to
contest a reduction of 10 per cent in
the present water rates for the com
ing fiscal year. * In explanation Pres
ident Dingee said he considered the
statement by Mayor Olney,. that 'the
Bay Cities Water Company would be
invited to submit new ..proposals for
a municipal water supply 'to be inim
ical tO'the ihteres'ts of the Contra Cos
ta Water i Company. ' The Council will
meet Thursday-* night 'to' 'complete
passage of ordinances ,-. relating to the
projected .bond issue.,. .', '. '.„ ''-:¦.
OAKLAND, May 9.— John L. How
ard's resignation as a City Council
man was filed to-night with the City
Council. A question whether it 'is au
tonomic was referred to City Attorney
McElroy. Speeches were made by
Councilmen . Elliott, Cuvelller, Pen
dleton and President Dornin express
ing appreciation of Mr. Howard's able
work. The Council by a.vote of 6; to 4
adopted a resolution requesting Mayor
Olney to hold the vacancy open for
ninety days and to . reappoint MrV
Howard, should he return from j Eu
rope within that time. Those .who
opposed this resolution were Counqil
men Baccus, Fitzgerald, Aitken\ and
Me Adam. .,
Mnyor Olney May Not Appoint Suc
cessor- — Dlngee to Contest AVnter . ;
Rate Reduction. .
JOHN L. HOWARD RESIGNS
¦;•/ AS OAKLAND COUNCILMAN
OAKLAND, May 9. — William A.
Mitchell, a brother of Supervisor John
Mitchell, is critically ill with appendi
citis and grave doubts are entertained
as to his recovery. Mr. Mitchell was
taken suddenly ill last Saturday and
his condition became so serious that
he was removed to Fabiola Hospital
yesterday.
\V. A. Mitchell Critically III.
* OAKLAND, May 9. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Joseph Borge,
25, and Mary E. Vallado, 27. both of
Oakland; Claude R. Mitchell, 23, and
Julia A. French. 21, both of Oakland;
Wilmer N. Glascock, 26, Galveston.
and Ethel Musgrove, 22, Berkeley;
Henry M. Hastings, over 21, Geyser
ville, and Helene Wiedersheim, over
• IS, Oakland.
3Iarriaffc Licenses.
OAKLAND, May 9. — The fears of
T. G. Armstrong, the Leona Heights
nurseryman, that" his granddaughter,
Mabel Armstrong, had disappeared
after arriving in Oakland last Wednes
day were dispelled to-day by a tele
gram from the East announcing that
Miss Armstrong had hot departed for
California yet.
Miss Armstrong Ls Safe.
Daughter Assists Father.
ALAMEDA, May 9. — Henry Rennell.
an old resident, whose famished con
•dition was reported to' the Alameda
Charitable Association, has been taken
charge of by his daughter. Mrs. Ed
ward Griffiths, the states that she has
always assisted her father as well as
her means would permit, but that her
Vrother, Edward Rennell, refuses to
aid the aged man in any way.
The funeral of the late Thomas F.
Crelghton was a fitting evidence of
the esteem and honor in which he
was held by the people of the Mission,
in whose midst he had lived for the
last forty-five years.
St. 'James Church was crowded to
its utmost capacity. The eulogy of
Father Lynch was a magnificent of
fering to the character of the de
ceased. He spoke at length upon the
many great acts of kindness that he
had . bestowed upon every one living
within the boundaries of the Mission.
He was a loving husband and a de
voted father. A magnificent choir,
headed by Mrs. Burns, soprano, and
Napoleoni, tenor, led the music, which
was of a very high character.
The Interment took place at Holy
Cross Cemetery, the services there be
ing conducted by Father Hennessy. A
widow survives, also a son, Walter R.,
13 years of age. The widow was for
merly Mis3 Annie Pendergast, daugh
ter of Thomas Pendergast, who was
one of the pioneers of this State. At
the time of- his death the deceased
was the manager of the Mission Home
and Loan Society, the Fairmount So
ciety and the Metropolitan Improve
ment. Company. The .pall-bearers
were: O. <j. Stein, J. H. Grady, H. J.
Stafford, W. H. Boyson, Dr. F. Kirch
offer and J." J.' Mahoney.
Father Lynch Pays Fitting Tribute to
the Lnte Thomas F. Crelghton.
MEMORY IS EULOGIZED.
ALAMEDA, May 9. — Archie Mc-
Lachlan, the Oakland gardener, who
was arrested here yesterday while la
boring under the intoxicated illusion
that he was the general superintendent
of the Oakland Transit Consolidated,
and wha was thought by the police
for a time this morning to be "Jack
the Swatter," pleaded guilty to dis
turbing the peace this afternoon.
Judge F. S. Cone suspended sentence
upon McLachlan and permitted him to
SO. The gardener satisfied the au
thorities that he was not the nocturnal
ruffian that attacked three women
here two weeks ago.
Is Not "Jack the Swatter."
ALAMEDA, May 9. — Saki Hiraki. a
patriotic Japanese, came into town
last night from Bay Farm Island to
celebrate the numerous victories of his
countrymen over the Russian arms.
He drank such a volume of intoxi
'cants that he fell from an electric car
on Park street and was almost killed.
His head was fearfully lacerated and
he was rendered unconscious. Hiraki
was treated at the Emergency Hos
pital and conveyed to the home of a
compatriot.
Patriotic Japanese Hurt.
Mrs. Riley was almost persuaded not
to prosecute her husband for the sake
of her children. She knew not where
to turn for food for them. The family
Is.iri dire need, especially now that the
husband is in jail. Riley is sullen and
taciturn! In his cups last night he ad
mitted that he had been fiendish in his
actions. Before he came to Oakland
Riley had a special policeman's com
mission In San Francisco and for a
time served as a watchman at some of
the cheaper .theaters across the bay.
j Evidence of the assault was collected
by the police. It includes the oil-soaked
garments, the saturated bed clothing,
the scores of burnt matches on the
floor, a can of kerosene and the broken
glass.
OAKLAND, May 9.— Mrs. Edward J.
Riley, victim of her husband's
atrocious attempt to burn her alive by
firing her kerosene-soaked garments
with matches, swore to a complaint in
the Police Court to-day charging Riley
with assault to commit murder. Riley
was before Police Judge Mortimer
Smith this morning on a charge of
drunkenness, and was sent to the City
Trison for three days. This ¦ action
was taken that the man might be in
custody until Mrs. Riley could take
steps to prosecute her brutal spouse
on a more serious count. The assault
case haa been set for arraignment to
morrow before Judge Smith.
That the delicate little woman and
her children, Edwin and Marie, es
caped death yesterday afternoon in
their humble home, 1007 Seventh street
(rear), where occurred Riley's fiendish
attack, is a miracle. The liquor-frenzied
man made effort after effort to burn
his helpless wife after he had drenched
her clothing with coal oil. He found
her resting on a bed when he entered
the rooms, inflamed from whisky and
enraged because his ill wife did not
resound immediately to his demands
for dinner. The woman, whose condi
tion is such that she should have the
tenderest attention, had no chance to
rise before Riley drenched her with
kerosene, which soaked through her
clothing and the bed ctothes. After the
fiend had failed to. kill his wife, be
cause of her struggles to prevent igni
tion of her clothing, he hurled a glass
at her. head and departed, to be ar
rested soon afterward.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, May 9.
The cadet regiment at the Univer
sity of California was put through the
traces »this morning on the campus.
It was the annual inspection required
by the Government and the student
soldiers were marched and counter
marched all morning before the scru
tinizing eyes of Captain Frank L.
Winn*> formerly commandant of the
cadet forces, and now acting inspector
for the Department of California and
aide-de-camp to Major General Mac-
Arthur. The evolutions were watched
by a large crowd of people attracted
by the announcement of the inspec
tion.
Captain Winn expressed himself as
pleased with the conduct of the sol
diers. His report to the .Government
will not be published for a month or
more. His comments are not expected
to be so severe as those of previous
inspecting officers, as he knows some
thing of the difficulties in training stu
dents.
A competitive drill of the compa
nies was held this afternoon, Company
B of the Second Regiment, command
ed by Captain Arthur Foster, winning,
and Company G, Second Regiment,
Captain Anthony Wayne, being sec
ond. Medals for the best marksman
ship were awarded to R. S. Daniels
and H. G. McKanay. The award for
each of these competitions was made
by Colonel George W. Bauer.
Cadet Regiments' Make Evo
lutions Under Eye of Gov
ernment Military Officer
OAKLAND. May 9. — Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by Mabel T.
Bingham against Herbert P. Bingham
on the grounds of cruelty and intem
perance. She asks for the custody of
their only child and $75 a month ali
mony. Clara Frontier has begun an
action for divorce against Alfred E.
Frontier on the ground of extreme
cruelty. V. H. Huberich has filed a
divorce complaint against Cora Hube
rich in which he charges her with
cruelty.
Unhappy Couples.
STUDENTS SHOW
OFF IN DRILL
OAKLAND, May 9.— A father Btole
his daughter from her husband to
night while each of the two was out
on bail pending misdemeanor trials in
the Police Court. This was the strange
ending of a strange story that began
when Jennie Bamber was arrested for
vagrancy some months ago at about
the same time that John Desoza fell
into the cliitcheB of the law. The two
were married In the County Jail and
after each had completed the pre
scribed term, of Imprisonment the pair
went to housekeeping. One night riot
long ago there was a family row, and
both were arrested for disturbing the
peace, and were out on bail. To-night
John Bamber, the father, appeared at
the Desoza place and with the aid of
another man forcibly kidnaped his
daughter and carried her away in the
wagon. The police are looking for the
father.
Strange Development in a Family
Row That Will I»robably Visit
the Courts Again.
FATHER KIDXAPS DAUGHTER
FROM HER ERRING HUSBAND
LOS ANGELES, May 9, — Brigadier
General Peter T.- Swaine, U. S. A.,
retired, died at his Los Nletos ranch
home In this county to-day, aged 74
years. He had long been sick. The
general was the -father of Edgar L.
Swaine, recently of the Southern Pa
cific engineer service and now in
Cuba; Captain William M. Swaine, U.
S. A.; . Charles S. Swaine and Mrs.
Sherman Wiggins of this city. . The
funeral will be semi-military and will
be held at Los Nietos to-morrow after
noon, local ex-soldiers being pall bear
ers.
Colonel Swaine was born in New
York City January 21, 1831. He.serv T
ed through the morst arduous cam
paigns of the Civil War, starting as a
major and having the rank of briga
dier general of volunteers before the
close of 1862. He was severely
wounded in the battle of Stone Riv
er. He took a conspicuous part in
many engagements and was many
times commended for gallantry. After
the t war he was continually on duty on
the Western frontier. He was in the
military service continuously from
1847 until the age of retirement and
though not much before the public
he made a record with few equals.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call
GENERAL PETER
SWAINE CALLED
TO LAST REST
The local parlors of Native Daugh
ters will give a benefit for the relief
fund of Aloha and Piedmont parlors
to-morrow evening at the Liberty, and
large delegations of Native Sons and
Daughters are expected from San
Francisco and other nearby cities.
* OAKLAND. May 9. — The great
*jlrama, "Under Two Fluffs," -was pre
sented at the Liberty Theater this
evening by the Xeill company and the
work of Miss Edythe Chapman as
Cigarette created a good impression.
James Neill as Bertie Cecil was at his
best and the staging and scenery are
excellent.
Local Parlors of Native Daughters
Will Give Benefit at Liberty
Theater.
NKI1.L COMPANY PRESENTS
••UNDER TWO FLAGS."
last week and the Sheriffs deputies
' have as yet been unable to serve him
wi{£ a summons to appear in court and
show cause why the petition of the
United . States Fidelity and Guaranty
.Company to be released from respon
sibility on his bond should not be
'granted.
No one is able to say how deeply
Weidler is involved and whether he
has laid himself criminally liable by
using money recovered by him upon
executions or has confined himself to
.borrowing money on assignments of
his salary before it was earned.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, May 9.
As a result of the disclosures re
gar&lng the financial difficulties and
means resorted to by Constable Ed
Weidier to raise money, that official
handed In his resignation to the
Board of Supervisors to-day and his
place was filled by the election of
Morris H. Lane, Town Marshal of
Emeryville, to the vacancy.
Weidler has not been seen for the
The burglar paid his visit at 4
o'clock this morning. . His game was
to enter through the street window.
But a pane of glass fell while he was
at work and the. .noise awakened Mrs.
Wooley. Undaunted, she hastily threw
a wrapper about her, seized a revolver
and hurried into the store. She could
see the 'man-still trying to gefinslde.
"Get out of" there, quick," she
shouted, "or I'll shoot."
At the same time she leveled the
pistol at the man, prepared to shoot at
his least sign of hesitancy. But the
voice of the determined woman was
enough for the burglar and he re
treated precipitately. The last Mrs.
Wooley saw of him he was making
tracks as hard as he could up the
avenue.
The commands of a brave woman,
backed up by a big pistol, put a burg
larious intruder to flight, early this
morning in West Berkeley.' Mrs. J. A.
Wooley Is the* name. of. this intrepid
woman and it was her little notion
store on University avenue that her
unwelcome d visitor tried to loot.
Berkeley Office Ban Francisco Call,
-2148 Center Street, May 9.^ ,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 9.
Dissensions among the members of
the Union Labor Paxty County Central
Committee came to a head to-day
when J. B. Crandall, the recently de
posed chairman of the committee,
filed a protest with the Board of Su
pervisors against the granting of a
former petition filed asking for a place
for the party name on the official pri
mary election ballot to .be prepared
for the primaries to be held next Aug
ust. Crandall maintains that he is
still chairman of the committee and
that the petition that has been filed
is not an authentic document. The
matter has been referred to, the Dis
trict Attorney for his opinion.
The petition to which objection Is
made was filed by Lawrence Hyde, as
chairman of the Union Labor Central
Committee, and A. W. Atherton, sec
retary, who claim that they are the
duly elected officers of the committee.
In regard to Hyde's election, Deputy
County Auditor Tom Powers, a mem
ber of the committee, had the follow
ing to say: ; '¦¦': ¦'•
"At a meeting of the committee on
April 1, at which there was a large
representation of the .committee pres
ent, Crandall's office was declared va
cant by a vote of 13 to 7 and Hyde
elected to take his place. He is the
regular chairman of the committee,
while Crandall was deposed for the
good pf the party generally."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
" - ; 1118 Broadway, May 9.
To spoon in the moonlight under the
foliage of Lafayette Square is Inter
dicted by stern order of a proeaic
Board of Police Commissioners. Cupid
has been locked out, as it were, and
sighing swains may no longer tell their
tales of love amid the romantic sur
roundings of the pretty plaza. '
' . To this end has Charles D. Burck
halter, astronomer and head of Chabot
Observatory that occupies the center
of the park, been appointed a special
policeman. Professor Burckhalter in
his new role will he permitted to wear
a star bigger than Mars appears to be
the great lenses In the observ
atory.
Armed with the authority of the law
it will be expected of the learned star
gazer and mathematician that he shall
rudely break into all trysts and warn
the intruding devotees of Cupid away.
Love-making al fresco does not
appeal to Professor Burckhalter. He
complained to the powers that too
many siisceptlbles were converting
Lafayette Park into a meeting place
for osculation. Now the distinguished
astronomer believes the park and its
surroundings, particularly the observa
tory therein, is being a bit scandalized
by the absorbing,^ world forgetting
young men and women who have been
haunting the square on favored nights.
Professor Burckhalter prefers to re
serve the. place for the. duller affairs of
science, hence hi3 protest.
• That he may uphold the dignity of
the place and preserve the' peace and
quiet "of the park, Professor Burck
halter has essayed the role of a police
man.
Avaunt! Dan Cupid.
PERSON'AIi.
" A. B. Hill, "a banker of Pet aluma, Is
at the Lick. "
Dr. A. W. King of Eureka is staying
at the Grand.
Dr. E. N. Flynn of Jeffersonville, Ind. f
is at the Grand.
- Frank A. Buck, a fruitman of Vaca
villo, is. at the Palace.
J. Allen Veatch,-. a mining man of
Napa, is at "the -St." Francis.* 1 -
Dr. Charles E- Turner and wife of
Vallejo are at the Occidental.
• H. B. Stabler, a prominent business
man of Yuba City, is at the Lick.
Railroad Commissioner A. C. Irvrtn
and wife of Marysville are at the Lick.
Adjutant General J. B. Lauck Is down
from Sacramento and registered at the
California.
M. M. Potter, proprietor of the lead
ing hotels of Los Angeles and Santa
Barbara, was a guest at the St. Fran
cis yesterday.
v Louis A. Sanze, a commissioner to
the St. Louis Exposition from the Ar
gentine republic, arrived here yester
day and is at the Palace.
President E. P. Ripley and General
Manager Wells of the Santa Fe road,
who were in the city for several days,
left last evening for Los Angeles.
John F. Elliott, a capitalist of New
York and vice president of one of the
big sewing machine companies, arrived
from the south yesterday and is stay
ing at the St. Francis.
M. Lawrence, proprietor of the Hotel
Tallac, and F. W. Richardson, man
ager of the Tahoe Tavern and a new
hotel in Riverside, are among the lat
est arrivals at the St. Francis.
Julius Kruttschnitt, director of main
tenance and operations of the Hani-,
man lines, who has been inspecting
the Southern Pacific interests in Ore
gon since leaving the president of the
road at Omaha, arrived here Sunday
and departed last evening for Santa
Barbara, where his family is visiting
at, present. Mr. Kruttschnitt will not
leave for Chicago for several weeks.
B. W. Worthlngton, who was re
cently appointed assistant director of
maintenance and .operations of the
Harriman lines, departed last evening
for Chicago, where his future head
quarters are t<\ ' be. R. O. Cowling,
who has acted as chief clerk to Worth
ington in this city, has been appointed
to a similar position under the latter
in Chicago and was also an eastbound
passenger on last evening's train.
Strive to Gain Control of
the Machine in Prepara
tion of the Fall Elections
Supervisors Accept Resigna
tion and Elect Marshal of
Emeryville to the Vacancy
>Vstronom6r Burckhalter Is
•Maiie a Policeman That He
May Clear Out the Trysters
She Backs Up Her Commands
With Pistol and Fellow Ee
treats Without Ceremony
PEOFESSOE IN PEOTEST
HEAES GLASS FALLING
TWO FACTIONS FIGHT
/Constable, Hopelessly In
'• volved Financially. I)e
*.*". cides to Quit His Position
LANE GIVEN THE PLACE
Dissensions Among County
Central Committeemen the
Cause of an Open Rupture
Love Making Is Forbidden
in Lafayette Square by Or
der of the Commissioners
Mrs. J. A. Wooley Puts Bold
Thief to Flight in Early
Morning in. West Berkeley
Edward J. Riley Must Face Court on Invalid Help
meets Charge That He Soaked Her Clothes
With Coal Oil and Cruelly Struggled to Fire Them
BREACH OPENS
IN LABOR PARTY
WEIDLER GIVES
UP HIS OFFICE
WOMAN SCARES
BURGLAR AWAY
CHASE CUPID
OFF THE PARK
JAIL HOLDS FIEND WHO
TRIED TO BURN HIS WIFE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
¦¦¦¦.-¦ -..'•- • ¦ l ¦¦.;•.;--••¦-• ¦-•¦- . - ..-..- • . . • . vj. — .-¦ . - . • . ¦ ,. ¦ ¦ ¦
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1904.
6
OAKI/AXD.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2118 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
14S5 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4592.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVEBTISE&EENTS.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
Who wish to retain or regain
their health must see to it that
functional regularity is estab-
lished. This is. an all-important
question and the wise woman will
resort to Hosteller's Stomach
Bitters at tTie • first symptom of
any derangement, because she
knows it always gives prompt re-
lief. Pains in the Back, Bloating,
Vomiting, Headache, Indigestion,
Dyspepsia, Fainting Spells and
Sleeplessness are all danger sig-
nals which require the Bitters.
Try one bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALL WOMEN
It's a Mother's Duty
To see that the children's teeth receive
DENTIST'S
Attention at an early age. It will pre-
vent premature decay, irregular growth
loosening'. . etc.
Our methods ' are thorough and suc-
cessful. ¦ Filling, extracting, eta. is don«
in a highly skillful manner.
Teeth Beffalated..$5|B<m* rillinri, 25a
Gold rminffs. . 91^)01 Silver PUling* '. '. 50o
Post-Graduate Dental College
3 TATLOB ST.. SAV TKANCISCO.
1 973 WASHINGTON ST.. OAZLAHD
«aw JOSS. m •• SAOSAlCBW«kMadame Sembricht will give her. last
concert to-night at theAlharnbra Thea
ter, when i an \ entirely new | programme
will be presented. She leaves for the
north ! to-morrow morning. • • - r • } • •-. ¦
V ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦-:_'-— .•?¦•¦.
Last Sembrich Concert.
The Board of Bank Commissioners
issued a license yesterday for the
establishment of the Solano County
Bank at Sulsun. The new institution
is . capitalized at $100,000, which is
fully subscribed and half of which is
already paid Ini The officers of the
bank are: E. S. Reese, president; A. L.
Reed, manager, treasurer and first
vice president; James A. Keyes, sec
ond vice president; T. T. C. Gregory,
secretary ;E. D. Holly, paying and re
ceiving teller, and M. Dinkelspiel, ac
countant.' • . ,
Issues License for Xew Bank.
Plloted by Judge Cook and Detec
tive Tom Gibson, the members of the
jury who are to decide whether or not
Leon Soeder is guilty of the murder of
his brother-in-law, Joseph Blaise, on
the night of January 10, visited the
scene of the crime and had pointed
out to them the locations of various
points In the neighborhood upon
which material testimony will be in
troduced during the trial.
The defendant accompanied the
court and jury on the trip. All
through the ordeal of viewing the
scene whither it is claimed he decoyed
Blaise and plunged a knife into his
relative's throat Soeder preserved the
same stolidity of countenance that has
marked his demeanor through all of
the court procedings so far had. He
smoked a cigarette with evident relish
and the only evidence of his uneasi
ness apparent was the nervous twitch
ing of his hands.
When the Jury gathered around the
spot where Blaise's body h.ad been
found Soeder took one quick glance at
the, grass and then turned away and
riveted his gaze on the cliff on the op
posite side of the cut Not once again
did he look toward the spot where his
brother-in-law bled to death from a
stab in the throat
KEEPS FACE CONCEALED.
During the car ride from the Hall
of Justice to Union and Taylor streets
Soeder kept a handkerchief before his
face in an endeavor to prevent the
newspaper photographers from taking
his picture. Later he put away the
handkerchief and even went so far as
to halt and allow himself to be photo
graphed. When the Jury gathered
about the spot where Blaise's body
was found on the morning of January
11, Soeder puffed his cigarette calm
ly. A woman who had followed the
procession up the hill said: "I wonder
how he can smoke at this place."
Soeder heard her and he looked
toward her with a glint in his eyes
like a flash of a new bowie knife. She
paled under his gaze and shrank back
into the crowd.
The Soeder case was . taken • up by
Judge Cook at 2 o'clock yesterday
afternoon. No witnesses were on hand,
as it had been decided to give the jury
an opportunity to view the neighbor
hood of the crime. In. addition R.
Porter Ashe. Assistant District Attor
ney, requested that the Jury be allowed
to inspect the Neiblas residence at 827
Jackson street, where Blaise and
Soeder occupied a room together up to
the time of the murder. Thia was ob
jected to by General Salomon, coun
sel for the defense,. but the objection
was overruled by Judge Cook, who
held that the Jury might properly visit
any place about which material facts
might be developed during the head
ing. Salomon requested that the Jury
be allowed to view the crossing of
Union and Taylor streets and this was
readily granted.
Before starting on the trip of lnspec-
J. W. Erwin has been engaged by
the general San Francisco committee
to deliver lectures at St Louis In the
San Francisco building. He will have
charge of the building and exhibit
practically during the exposition. The
fund for the San Francisco show at
St. Louis now amounts to $38,000. The
Western Sugar Refining Company has
donated the sum of J500.
The final Installment of San Fran
cisco exhibits ' will start overland to
morrow, j The Interior decorations of
the building, the burlaps and the red
wood have been placed in position.
San Francisco, \j. brief, is nearly ready
to exhibit ,--'^?
The contractors for the construction
of the San Francisco building at St.
Louis' having telegraphed that their
work will be done in a few days,
James D. Phelan will start to-day for
St. Louis, on his way to Paris, and
will accept the building in behalf of
this city. Mr. Phelan will be accom
panied to SL Louis by C. P. Wilcomb,
curator of the museum at Golden Gate
Park. Wllcomt) has secured a leave
of absence for two months and will
install the San Francisco exhibits at
St. Louis. v'-.1
Selected to Install Municipal
' Exhibit at St. Louis.
Curator Wilcomb of the Park Museum
PIIELAX GOES TO ACCEPT
SAX FRANCISCO' BUILDING
alleged murderer were the same. He
said that Soeder was plentifully sup
plied with money at that time and had
told him that he had won most of it at
poker coming down on the boat.
leaving the Clunie building yesterday
morning when Danforth came up to
him and struck him on the face,
knocking off his glasses. He could not
understand why Danforth had as
saulted him.
, O. A. Tveitmoe, secretary of the
Building Trades Council, secured a
warrant from Police Judge Cabaniss
yesterday for the arrest of L. F. Dan
forih. a paperhanger, on a charge of
battery. Tveitmoe said he and P. H.
McCarthy and another man were
Tveitmoe Is Assaulted.
tion Judge Cook warned members of
the jury that they were only to use
their eyes and not their ears when view
ing the scene and that no chance re
mark from either the officers of the
court or any outsider should be con
sidered by them. He then placed the
Jury in the hands of Bailiff Martin
Welch and Soeder was taken In charge
by Deputy Sheriffs Meynert and Kings
ley. All the officers of the court went
along and the court reporter recorded
all statements made to the jurors.
The Union-street car that carried the
court and Jury to Taylor and Union
streets was packed to its full capacity
by the party, which included counsel
for the prosecution and the defense,
reporters and Dhotographers. When
the car reached Taylor street the party
got off and Detective Tom Gibson
pointed out to the Jury the lamp post
which Is the nearest light to the scene
of the murder and where it is claimed
Soeder met Blaise on the night of the
murder. Gibson started to say that
this was the spot where It is alleged—
"Never mind about what is alleged."
interrupted Judge Cook. "Merely state
that this is one of the spots about
which testimony will be introduced."
An expressman named Richard
Drlscoll, who had hauled Soeder and
his belongings to the Flatley residence
on his return from Alaska last Octo
ber, was thunderstruck to learn that
fcis passenger on that occasion and the
the Hall of Justice was down Jackson
street through Chinatown, and every
body in the crowded quarter rushed
eagerly to get a glance at the noted
prisoner. «
W. Caulfleld, a waiter In the Russ
House, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest
of "John Doe," ' a cook, on a charge
of battery. Caulfleld said the cook
struck him on the head with a platter
yesterday morning, cutting his scalp,
and followed it up by bombarding him
with mashed potatoes.
Cook and Waiter Fight.
PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE BOEDER TRIAL JURY. TAKEX WHILE THAT BODY WAS BEING ESCORTED BY DETECTIVE THOM
AS GIBSON" TO THE s •., \VHiiUt: THE BOD1" OF THE MURDERED JOSEPH BLAISE WAS FOUND AND AFTER ITS
ARRIVAL ON THE SCENE. f
Mr. Scott said he had talked about
the matter of extending the sea wall
and building new and permanent
wharves with Harbor Commissioner
Spear. He had the assurance of Com
missioner Spear that the Board of
State Harbor Commissioners had no
intention to tax the shipping of the
port $y increasing the port charges.
Captain Marston said the only in
crease that could be made would be
in wharfage rates. Several of those
present represented that nil the cost
would fall on San Francisco. The in
terior would be benefited by the pro
motion of shipping interests at this
port. The proposition includes the
mortgaging of all the* property of the
State on the San Francisco water front
to secure a bond issue of $2,000,000.
The voters of the State will be called
upon to vote on this proposition in
November at the general election. .
Thomas J. Parsons moved that a
committee of five be appointed by the
chair to submit a plan for the consid
eration of the joint conference of com
mercial bodies. This was adopted and
the committee was made up as fol
lows: "W. H. Marston, E. Scott, T. J.
Parsons, George Renner and A. C.
Rulofson.
• Representatives of the commercial
organizations of San Francisco were
invited to take part in a conference
that came off yesterday" afternoon in
the Chamber of Commerce hall, the
purposes of which was to. form a plan
to secure' favorable, action on a prop
osition to raise $2,000,000 on a bond
issue for the extension of the sea wall
in this city between its present south
ern terminus, and the Pacific Mail
dock. The construction of the sea
wall, as explained by Secretary E.
Scott of the Chamber of Commerce,
would be only the first step toward
increasing the dockage facilities south
of Harrison street. New wharves are
needed. The general conclusions of
those present at the conference were
favorable to the improvement of ship
ping facilities.
The movement originated with the
Chamber of Commerce. At the last
quarterly meeting of that body it was
voted to Invite the other commercial
bodies to send representatives to talk
the matter over. Captain W. H. Mar
ston, one of the trustees of the Cham
ber of Commerce, was appointed
chairman of the joint conference and
E. Scott acted as* secretary. There
were Dresent W. H. Marston, George
A. Newhall, H. Rosenfeld, James
Rolph Jr., C. E. Allen, A. C. Rulofson,
W. S. Casey, T. J. Parsons. George
Renner, F. H. Llppmann
Sachs and James McNab. No opposi
tion developed to the general idea of
improvement. Remarks were made
by Captain Marston, George Renner,
E. Scott. A. C. Rulofson and T. J. Par
sons.
• Mario J. Ivorson is seeking a divorce
the grround of cruelty, alleging that
Andrew G. Iverson, to whom she •was
married in this city In 1S33, so treated
hT that in May of last year, while
t-hey were residing at Honolulu, she
was compelled to leave him and return
here to her parents. She says he
threatened to cut her head off.
Llbby Fcnsom McDonald is seeking ft
divorce from James E. McDonald, be
<ausc, she says, "she is a woman of
pood parentage, carefully raised and
used" m good society," and cannot
stand his alleged brutal conduct. Mc-
Donald is a paper-hanger.
To be linked to a man who com
"pelled" her to marry him at the point
of a revolver is a condition not pleas
ins to Louise Goodrich, nee Becker.
She has therefore filed a suit for the
annulment of her marriage to Herschel
•jsjodrich, claiming that she was
forced to marry him. She says that in
1901, she got a divorce from
him because of his cruelty and that
in July of the following year he met
her and at the point of a revolver
(Vrorjelled her to again become his
.wife. She consented, she says, be
caufp she feared that he would carry
his threat into execution, but left him
within a few days and has ever since
remained hidden from him, fearing
that if he learned of her whereabouts
he. would ehoot her as he said he
would.
Suits for divorce on the ground of
*!«?sortion were filed yesterday by E. D.
Cunningham against Maud Cunning
ham and Robert A. E. Schroeder
ajraintt Maria Sohroeder. Infidelity is
charged in the suit brought by R. E.
Barney against Eva Barney and in
the action brought by Clementina
Ponta against Andrea Ponta neglect
and cruelty are alleged. Georgiana
Gross is charged with cruelty in the
suit* for divorce brought against her
by Frederick Gross.
Judge Graham has made an order
directing Joseph P. Ryan, a member
of the Fire Department, to pay 530 a
month alimony to Mary Ryan pending
the final determination of her suit for
.divorce against him on the ground of
cruelty.
and ¦when the case came up for trial
before Judge Kerrigan she secured
her decree. The evidence 'was that
Ccy. after chasing her from the
kitchen to the dlningr-room of their
home, locked her In the last named
apartment and told her he ou^ht *'to
beat her brains out"; that that was
"the proper way to run a wife."
Decrees of divorce were also granted
to Frederick W. Groth from Martha
Groth for Intemperance and to Cath
erine O'Connor from Edward O'Connor
for cruelty.
Marj- U Coy, formerly of 786 Four
teenth street, does not believe, as does
her husband. FrancSs H. Coy, that the
proper vjay for a man to keep his wife
under subjection Is to beat her brtins
out. Because he told her that such
was his belief ehe applied for a divorce
Mortgage on State Property
in This City Is Proposed
as Dasis for Bond Issue
Judge Graham Orders Fire
man Ryan to Contribute
31onthl v Sum to His Spouse
COMMITTEE APPOINTED
OTHER DOMESTIC ROWS
During the trip of Inspection a crowd
of curious persons followed the jury
so closely that Judge Cook was com
pelled to order the bailiffs to keep all
outsiders, at a distance. The return to
From there the party proceeded to
the Neiblas residence at 827 Jackson
street and viewed the exterior of the
house and the room which had been oc
cupied by Soeder and Blaise prior to
the murder. District Attorney Bying
ton walked behind Soeder most of the
Journey and watched him, closely.
After the inspection had been finished
the court and jury returned to the
Hall of Justice. The jury was dis
charged, after the usual caution
against discussing the case in any
manner. The hearing will continue
this afternoon.
From the larm> post the jury were
escorted to the residence of Sergeant
Christiansen, . whose ' wife heard a
scream on the night of January 10
comlngr from the direction where
Blaise's body was found the following
morningr. Then the party proceeded to
the spot where the body had been
found and subsequently climbed up the
road to the toD of the retaining' wall,
from which it was first thought by
Captain of Detectives Martin that
Blaise had fallen accidentally.
SO EDER'S ROOM VISITED.
Mis Wife Gets a Divorce Be
cause She Dislikes His Way
of Running the House
Judge Cook and All Court Officers Accompany Party
on Tour of Inspection— Defendant Gazes Unmoved
on Place Where Brother-in-Law Bled Away His Life
Idea of Eaising §2,000,000
to Be Spent for Sea Wall
and Wharves Is Discussed
COY'S DOCTRINE
TOO STRENUOUS
CONFER ABOUT
HARBOR PLANS
JURY TRYING LEON SOEDER
INSPECTS SCENE OF CRIME
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, * 1904.
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AVOID
THE CAUSE
OF,
DISEASE
Nine-tenths of all our diseases
have their beginning with
CONSTIPATION
It is a duty we owe to our
body to secure a free move-
ment of the bowels once every
day. The one reliable remedy
for constipation is
HUNYADI JANOS
THE HATURAL LAXATIVE WATER.
Half a glass on arising gives
prompt and pleasant relief.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
dHUSEUH OF ANATOMY*
A Cb 1051 U1ZOT ST. tit. StasTta, S.r.CaI. A
\ .Op The Ltrrut AaMoaleal Maseaai (¦ Ike \
Q stfMlfS^ World, Weakaenet or m* emmetea Q
' feHM d"»e»»« BM»»U«»»lye«r»4hrris«lde»t
0 I*? «1 en tb« Com. Bit. 36 run. f)
A tillf 6 OR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN j I
\ V{$3OTH ContBlUtton free «nd strict!? print*.
S I Xtf%?n TiMtment p«rio»«li]r or by letter. A ; I
V m' ff ytw AMm On a enty an ndcralin.
A F // lift Wrilt (tr Boek, rHILesoriT »f A
v " (I It*' n*nnu«E, mailed f*b«. (ay
\ (I /J. »»luibl« book for men) \
V ton. JOOP AH & CO.. lOSI Market St.S. P. Y
Woman
f" W vSiWyi SlVl >• interested and khonld know
A\ K*V\ •*•.«•» about the wonderful
\VlJfeuB MARVEL Whirling Spray
v^v!^.^QS»^«^ tion and Auction. V.nl-P+t-
iikTHrinnlilhrlk \ AS ;^-*!^^*»
lf lie cannot mpplT the V rSt/S? '•'•*vu>-'fij-t
.MAHVKI.. accept no >«4r^
other, but send stamp for N*t ¦ r^fify-'iys
llln«trat*dbook-t»»Ji*. Ittfvm / "sfY.
full particulars and directions In-** {£.'>./ m
valuable to Udiei. W ARVKIi CO./T5/ ,*. .-,; * 'm 5*1
41 rark Raw, Xew York. :
1S2 New Montgomery, San Francisco. Cal.
William Hatteroth (Ladles'. Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union Drue Co., 214 Kearny & Van Ness & Mkt.
Oscood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy....... ...110 EtlU
MISCELJiAXEOUS.
STATEMENT
OF THS
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PROVIDENT LIFE AND
TRUST COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE ETATB OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Deoeraoer.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State ©f California, pursuant t» the re-
quirements of Sectioa 613 of the Political Code
of said State.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
la Cash $1.000.000 00
.. " ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate Owned
by the Company $3,308.97$ 23
•*™o°nt of Loans secur-d by
Bond, and Mortgage on Real
E«tat» 14.1S4.M3 **
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks aad
other marketable securities aa
collateral 0.132.380 47
Premium notes and loans la any
form taken la payment of prem-
iums on policies now la force.. S.OSS 24
J l ?5 rli ' t val "« of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by ths Com-
. P*ny 22.S72.S20 00
Amount of Cash on hand la Com-
pany's Offlce 160.497 03
Interest due the Compaay and ua-
T P*« 19.3=7 OO
Interest accrued but not due 277.663 W
r»et amount of premiums In pro-
cess of collection and of de-
ferred premiuma 882,633 1»
Caah loans to Policy holdsrs on
this Company's policies assigned
aa collateral .71 4.41S.694 33
Rents due aad accrued 27.533 77
Total Assets .$51.1S1.56l"oi
LIABILITIES. ~~
Claims for death losses aad ma-
tured endowments, due aad un-
paid $41,320 ZT
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due H.588 00
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Ex-
perience Tables ot Mortality,
with four per cent Interest 43.440,736 09
Amount of all unpaid dividends
to policy holders 73.077 5.1
Present value of unpaid amounts
on matured Installment policies. S03.8SS CO
All other Liabilities 633.11S aS
Total Liabilities ..$44.513,941 73
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums en
new policies during the year... $753,309 13
Cash received for renewal of
premiums during the year .... 8,607.818 49
Cash received for sale of annu-
ities 4. 4S.6M BH
Cash received for interest 2.M1.973 71
Caah received for reata 121.222 »
Cash received from all other
sources 162.027 ?t
Total Iaeorae 'j, $3,737,106 56
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses aad matured
endowments • ......... %3, 189,9f7 44
Cash paid to annuitants 74.454 05
Cash paid for surreadered policies 522.705 Si
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders tlS.024 43
Commissions paid to agents 5S1.529 20
Salaries and other eomsensatloa
of officers and employee, except
agents and medical examiners. 279,337 9)
Salaries and traveling expeases
of managers of ageades 20,230 33
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries 30.014 73
Cash paid for taxes 107.05* 41
Cash paid for rents 21.377 S3
Cash paid for commutiax commis-
sions • 334,537 83
Total Expenditures during the
year $3,880,637 41
PREMIUM NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other
premium oblltatlor.-i at
beginning of the year....$S.2S4 66 >
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re-
ceived during the year... 803 90
Total ~$3ToS3~39
Deductions during the year,
as follows: i • _
Amcunt of notes and other * ••
premium obligations used "*j
In payment of dividends
to policy holders $1,037 OS
Amount of nctes and other
premium obligations re-
deemed by maker la cash. 13 24 _
Total reduction of
Premium Note Ac-
count $1,056 ".Z
Balance note assets at .
end of the year $8.032 2%
* SAMUEL R. SHIPLET. President.
C W. BORTON. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
18th iay of January, 1904.
SAMUEL R. REED. Notary PubUs.
VAIL & ELDRIDGE. General Agents.
801 and 824 Hayward Building, S.F.
402 Trust Building. * os Angeles.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — South amptcrau
From New York. Saturdays. 9:3O a. m.
Philadelphia.... May 21!Germanie June 4
fit. Louis May 2S|St. Paul June 11
AT&AHTXO TKUrSTOBT USX.
Saw York — I#ondon Dirsct.
Minneapolis May 21. 10:30 a. m.
Mesaba May 28. 9 a. m.
MInnetonka June 4, 10 a. m.
Mlnnehaha June 11. 3:3O p. m.
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada May 21[Kenslngton June t
Labrador May 2S|Domlnlon June 11
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.30O Tons.
Sew York — Hotter dam, Via Boulogne.
Saillnr Tuesdays at in a. m.
Kyndam May 21JStatendam June 7
Noordam May 31]Potsdam June 11
BED STAB USTE.
Wew York — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York. Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Zeeland May 21|Vaderland Juae 4
Finland May 23lKroonland June 11
WHITE STAB LIITE. -
New York — Qne«net<nra — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Majestic. May 23.10 am! Teutonic. June 9. 10 am
Arabic... May 27, 4 pmlCel tic... June 10. 3 pra
Oceanic June 1. 8 amiCedric. ..June 15. 6 am
B oston — Que ea s town— Liverpool.
Cymric May 19. June 1«» July 1*
Cretic June 2. June 30. July 2*
Republic (new) Jun« 11. July 7. An». It
BOSTON MXDmatKANEAN SSSVXCS.
Azores, Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
CANOPIC May 28. July t
ROMANIC June IS, July 30. Sept. 17
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
Azores, Gibraltar, Haples. Genoa.
CANOPIC May 28. July 2, Aug. 27
ROMANIC June 18. July 30. Sept. 17
These steamers are the largest In the
Mediterranean service. First class ISO up-
ward. Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.
Boston to Liverpool Q u£?«to~»
CYMRIC ...May 19. June 16, July 14
CRE r IC June 2. June 30, July 2S
REPUBLIC June 9. July 7. Aug. 11
First class. $80 aad S63 upwards. accord-
Ing to steamer.
For plans, etc.. apply to
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Paclflc
Coast, 21 Post st-. San Francisco.
. Mare Island aad TaQeJo Steamers. . .
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICKUU>—
0-45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:3O p. m.. except tfuau«y.
BUDday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vall-i>
7 a m. 13:30 and 6 P. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 60 cen:<.
TeL M'aln 1308. Pier 2. MIsslon-st. doci
HATCH BROS-
WeeHy GaU $1.00 uer Year
ADVEBTJSEMENTS.
".Beauty is but skin-
deep w was probably meant
to disparage beauty. In-
stead it tells how easy
that beauty is to attain.
'* There is no beauty
like the beauty .of health"
was also meant <o dis-
parage. Instead it encour-
ages beauty.
Pears' Soap is the means
of health to the skin, and
so to both these sorts of
beauty.
Sold all over the -world.
>
Exchange Your
for a
New- One^^
I'll eive you a lfberal allowance for
It on a new one. I have good Razors
as low as 81.00 This is your op-
' poTtunlty to get a fine Razor for little
I money.
! My Cutlery Is all high grade.
Pocket Knives that are dependable
I every day as low as SOc-
| Scissors, 2Kc up. Razor Strops,
' 25c upward. Two bars Williams' 10c
j Shaving Soap. 15c-
| Mall orders promptly filled.
lUU CARDS K« OUY
« caattcT itylu -amp sizes. Akto
; su*nta» amo pRoraasteriAu cam* a
THAT MAN PITTS
1008 Merfcet Street- J&Zi
San Prnncisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers Iear» Broadway
wharves, piers 9 and 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketehlkan. TVrangel.
Juneau, Ilalnes. Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. May
5. 10. 15, 20, 23. 30, June 4.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Bel-
lincham— 11 a. m.. May 5. 10, 15. 20. 25, 30.
June 4. Chance at Seattle to this company'.*
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry., at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Hay 4, 10. 1«. 22. 28: Spokane. 1:30
p. m.. May 1, 7. 13. 19; Corona. May 25. 31.
For Ijos Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Dleeo and Santa Barbara
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mont-
tt-rey, San Simeon. Cayuccs. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. May 7. 15. 23. 31. June 9.
Santa Craz, 9 a. m.. (freight only) May 11, 19.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. Ln. Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. For further Information obtain fold»r.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sailing
a TICKX:T OrPICES — « Xew Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market at. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Offlce, 10 Market at.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 2O Sutter St.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
NOME
— AND-
ST. MICHAEL
. THE Al FAST
S. S. ST. PAUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDQUIST.
(Carryinir U. S. Malls.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
JUNE & .^ F». 7V\.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers for
All BERING SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's River Steamers
for Fairbanks and all points on KOTUKCK.
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
XrOXTHESXT COKUXKCZAS CO,
&*3 Crosslty building. Cor. Mission and New
Montgcrnery sts., San Francisco.
! TOYO KISEN KAISHA
i . ____
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave whart. corner First aad
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting -at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
6 8. AMERICA MARU
Thursday. May 12. 1004
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Cora.
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General AgenL
j^amburg-Jtmerican.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG, HAMBURG
THE GREAT OCEAN 7X.YSS.
S. S. Deutschland
6S6>£ ft. long — 23 % knots average speed.
Sails May 12, June 9. July 7. Aug. 4.
*Deutscbland ..May UfltBluecher ....May 2S
Pennsylvania ..May 14 Belgravta May 23
Patricia May 21 PtMoltke June 2
Palatla May 25 Pretoria Jane 4
•Has grillroom and tgymnastum on board.
KAKBTTBO-AKinUOAV LXtfX.
Offices. 3& and 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOO £ CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
O. #?„ & N. CO.
OREGON sails April 27. May 7. 17. 27. Jua»
«, 18 and 26. GEO. W. ELDER sails May 2.
12. 22. June 1. 11 and 21. Only steamship Has
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tick*:*
to all Dolnta. Steamer tickets include berth
and meals. - Steamer sails foot of Spear st- at
11 a. m. 8. F- BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Paaa.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. G#a.
Agent Freight Pept.. 3 Montgomery st
B S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. May 14. 11 a.m.
S. S. SONOMA; for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Syndey. Tburs.. May 26. 2 p. to.
S, S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti!. May 29. 11 a. m.
' I.D.8PRECIEL8 k BEOi CO.,AztS.,f iCiBt 01C8 643 fir-
tet sl, rnffiit OSes 329 Matatsi, Pisn.Paaiui
tOMFABME GENERALS TEaHSATLANTiaOi.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -¦- m
SalUn* every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from. Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 arid upward. Sec
end class to Havre. $45 and upward. QZS-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco, j
Tickets sold by all Railroad Tldwt Agents. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Electro- Chemistry
CURES
When All Other Treatments Fail
¦I' 1 ' /A'-fy^' '•'$*(&''
.'
•Mr J. C. Dunham tzit: "After all other
troatmenti had failed 1 have been perff>ct:y
cured of « oonrtltutlonal catarrh that aff*cted
*>wry organ Jn the body by Electro Cheralrtry.
In three roontha time I ! a\r gained 23 pounda
it welarht and 1 now feel perfectly well »a
*C V «*T}' resuect."
. (Signwl) J. C. DUNHAM. Rio Viita, CaL
/ ELECTRO-CHEMIC SPECIALTIES:
. EJectro-Cncmittry cores quickly, p&ia-
lepsly aad cheaply Cancers. Tumors, Old
Ulcers, Ecze&uu Kheaxaatlam, XTenraljrx*.
¦ Loccmotcr Atari*. Paralysis. Deafness.
"Bead Seises, Insomnia. Goitre, Brisrht's
Disease, Diabetes, Dyspepsia, Files, all
Diseases of the Stomach, Liver. Kidneys,
Slader and Bowels, all Herrous Diseases
and Special Diseases of Kea aad Women.
• Txf examination, diarnosis, advice
and trial treatment.
ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118/OKAJTT ATT, Cor. Post St,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Office boor*— 9 a. rn. to t p. m. and 7 to 8
i\ m. dallr. Sunday* — 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
became apartments for ladies and ffe&tlemea.
I Evaporated s
W Stpesim m
Is! is of uniform quality at all fff
Bra seasons, always pure, heavy ||1|
H| in consistence, of delicious e§£
HI flavor and appetizing ap- M
¦a Ask ( for the brand with fig
pa the" Helvetia" cap labeL Jffl
jfl Made by the largest pro- §|
SgM ducers of Evaporated IP|L
JB&M Cream in the world."Now," said Dr. Millar, "this is one of
many cases that we have to deal with
In an emergency hospital; cases that
are rushed in here without any his
tory or with no nature of the trouble
known beforehand. You, with your
knowledge of a physician, may well
understand how difficult it is at times
for us to treat them correctly. If you
wish', you may diagnose this case for
us and see if you can help' us to ar
rive at the cause of the trouble."
Depositing her gloves on the side
board, the lady physician assumed a
smile of superior knowledge and turn
ed to the case In hand. She looked
THE INJURIES HAVE CAUSED
PARALYSIS OF THE RIGHT
LIMB. - -
An Qhio woman who searched with persistent industry
•for twenty- four years to find her father, discovered him
recently as a murderer condemned to the gallows' penalty.
This is one of the incidents of human life that teatTh^its
horror (with far more cruel logic than does the eloquence
of a thousand sermons.-
The Last Fair.
The earliest of the world's fairs which
the United States saw was that at
Philadelphia in 1S76, commemorating
the hundredth anniversary of. the Dec
laration of Independence. That at St.
Louis is the greatest exposition which
the country -has had. It is also he
Seeking to avenge what she ''emed were grievous
wrongs, a woman of this city threw carbolic acid the
other day in 'the face of an unsuspecting and unprotected
man. It seems that the lady has overstepped the bounds
of that wide domain of privilege' granted by sufferance
to the gentler sex. Thec<urts should impress upon her
that the age of unnatural punishments has passed.
Salvador and Guatemala appear to be itching for an
other fight, one of those Central American farces that
furnish a day's diversion to the gossips of the world.
Nobody seenis to know what the trouble is about and
nobody'seems to care. Let the quarrel progress. Few.
will be hurt, and both Governments, concerned in their
own affairs, will be too busy to be thrusting foolish
fingers into business not their own.
Last Music.
5 [From the French of Mme. Neckar.]
Klndy watcher by my bed. lift no voice
In prayer.
Waste not any words on me when the
hour is nigh —
Let a stream of melody but flow from
some sweet player, '
And meekly will I lay my head and
fold my hands to die.
Sick am I of Idle words, past all recon
ciling: —
Words that weary and perplex, and
pander and conceal;
Wake the sounds that cannot lie, for all
their sweet beguiling;
The language one need fathom not
% but only hear and feel.
Let them roll once more to me and rlDol«
in my hearing:. v
Like waves upon some lonely beach
where no craft anchoreth;
That I may steep my. soul therein, and
craving naught, nor fearing
Drift on through slumber to a dream
and through a dream to death.
THE interchurch .conference on marriage and di
vorce enters the field with an energetic appeal
against divorce. There is no doubt that divorces
have multiplied as the .legal causes for such dissolution
have been increased in the statutes. When the lawmak
ers discovered "incompatibility of temper" as a cause for
divorce they supplied a facility which is responsible for
the rapid increase in legal separations. The churches
look upon marriage as a religious tie entirely, but the
law treats it as a civil contract. Inheritance, titles, prop
erty rights and allsof the material foundation of a home
by marriage, are cognized by the law as affected by the
marriage contract. . . .
It is not well to take a too despairing view of divorce
from the standpoint of public morality. Continence is by
no means a virtue confined to those countries where only
sacramental marriage is recognized. Nor is immorality
a blemish peculiar only to those countries where mar
riage is a civil contract capable of judicial dissolution.
We very much doubt whether a crusade on the subject
will very much improve things.
Herbert Spencer said the force procuring social prog
ress "is the aggregate of men's instincts and sentiments,
and these are not to be changed by a theory," and, re
ferring to social conditions in the United States: "The
disregard of all save personal interests is the underlying
cause of your present state and of impending disasters."
Perhaps it is this impatience of; the interests of others
ANTI-DIVORCE CRUSADE.
These be times of storm and stress and even insult
and indignity, politically inspired, for the President of the
United States. The limit was reached though the other
day when a Democrat went insane and labored under
tWe delusion that he is President Roosevelt. This is ask
ing the President to bear too much, and let us hope for
his sake that no more Democrats go crazy.
L' Enfant Terrible.
One of the recent visitors in the train
of the Methodist missionary conference
was a guest with a family in the Mis
sion. Among the members of the host's
entourage is a precocious youth of six
years whose tongue wags as if on a
pivot. * This visitor was a prominent
divine and much attention was being
shown to him at the dinner table. The
small boy was there. »
As the dessert appeared the. young
hopeful blurted out: *
"I can't have any cake to-night."
"Hush," exclaimed mother and father.
"No, I can't. Cook said there wasn't
enough eggs for a big cake, so I would
have to go without.
"But I don't care," rambled on the
irrepressible. "Cook said she thought
if eggs was so blamed scarce we was
fools to- Invite high-toned preachers to
dinner.
"Cook's goin' to bake me a cake all
for myself after the minister's gone,"
continued Johnny, confidentially.
It is not of record what occurred
after the minister had gone.
Dearborn— Do you know the seven
wonders of the world?
"Wabash— Well, I know five of them.
"Only five?"
"Yes; I've only been married five
tjmes, you know."— Yonkers States
man.
Less than 3.000.000 of Russia's 131,
000.000 Inhabitants are employed in
manufactures and the greater part of
their work ia on Government orders.
fessor Schmidt who performed the
delicate operation for removal of
polyps from his Majesty's tiaroat. and
.¦upon him are pinned the nation's
' hopes of definitely relieving the popu
)nr monarrh of any and all traces of
the dread disease that killed both of
'-his Imperial parent*. Professor
Schmidt, in whom the whole nvdical
profession of the fatherland has full
confidencf. happily gives the assur
ance that the Kaiser is not suffering
from cancer, even in Incipient form,
and p*-ople are disposed to view the
distinguished surgeon's reputation as
guarantee that he has told the full
and unbiased truth.
Professor Schmidt gained his first
national prominence in 1887. when he
was called into consultation upon the
case of the fated Emperor Frederick,
the present Kaiser's father. Emperor,
then Crown Prince, William was on
his way from Berlin to San Remo to
visit the bedside of his suffering
parent when he stopped off at Frank
fort-on-the-Main, nnd, unbeknown to
alrexcept his immediate suite, invited
Pj-ofessor Schmidt to board the spe
cial train conveying the Crown Prince
from Italy and to make at San Remo
jin exhaustive report upon Emperor
Frederick's condition, about -which
Sir Morell Mackenzie, as events
proved, had bo bitterly misled the
German people. Schmidt, with Pro
fessor Dergmann, Was the first doctor
frankly to diagnose Frederick's mal
ady as cancer. Ever since those dread
"•clays he has remained the intimate
friend and adviser of Emperor Wil
liam II. and when his Majesty was
laken ill last year Schmidt was natur
jilly the man to whom be first turned
for expert advice and attention. It re
cently came to light that Professor
Schmidt treated the Kaiser's throat
for two months before finally deciding
to operate on November 9.
Born in Frankfort-on-the Main in
3fc38, Schmidt has continued to live
in the beautiful South German
rnetropolis ever since. He completed
liis early medical studies in Goettin
pen, Vienna, Utrecht, Berlin, London
and Paris — a unique international rec
ord — and became a specialist in dis
eases of the nose, throat and lungs.
He was given his title of professor in
1692 "and was made a privy medical
, councillor in 1 893. He has written
rrtensively on medical subjects, a
.treatise on "Consumption of the
Throat" being a standard text book
in many languages. He has not prac
ticed in later years, having transferred
his lucrative clientele to a younger
Frankfort assistant. Professor Schmidt
occasionally consults in extraordinar
ily important cases. He Is known in
Frankfort as an extremely hard man
to get to. Since the Kaiser's late ill
ness he h»» become more of a recluse
than ever, being especially careful to
-guard against anything capable of be
ing twisted into an expression of opin
ion upon the Etatus and progress of
the delicate national issue Intrusted
to his care.
Thft Czar uses his autocratic power,
theoretically and practically. In two
ways — as 'a. legislator and as the su
preme head of the executive. No leg
islative measure can be initiated with-
How the C.nar Governs.
into the patient's eyes, felt his pulse,
smelt his breath and ran her dainty
hand through his hair. She thought
she felt a lump on the side of his
head and examined the part careful
ly. Then, as if an inspiration had
seized her, she drew out one of her
hat pins and jabbed it several times
into the case's right leg. There wad
rlo answering shriek or response of
any kind.
"This is very simple," said she, "the
injuries which this man has received
on the left side of the head have
caused paralysis of the right limb.
The case is very simple." With that
she bowed herself out with a gracious
air.
When' she had gone Dr. Millar strip
ped the clothing from the patient and
found that from the knee down his
right leg was made of papier mache.
Dr. Millar laughed.
(DR. M'iRITZ SCHMIDT. TELK
BHATEl) FHTBXCtAN. WHO IS
TREATING BXPEBOB WILLIAM.
THE discovery of Alaska' as a land of great re
sources has not been completed. Nome brought
first io the front its wealth in tundra gold. TKe
great plant at Douglass Island, with its vast array of
stamps, has shown its richness in auriferous material
otherwise bestowed by nature. Its future as a producer
of copper on a large scale would seem to be assured.
Deposits of coal and of tin ore have been found. The an
nual output of fisheries is very valuable. Alaska has fer
tile soil and its agricultural possibilities are, at least, re
spectable. Many minerals undoubtedly abide in its
sands, ledges and rivers that have not yet been found in
paying quantities. But since the time when the United
States supposed that Alaska was principally valuable for
its seal fisheries discovery has been quite steady.-
Another stage in the advancement of knowledge of
Alaska has just been reached by the United States Geo
logical Survey, which has undertaken to give to the
world some definite understanding aboufc-4he petroleum
deposits in our most northern territory. Scientists have
maintained for some years that the oil sands of the Pa
cific Coast extend, practically unbroken, from Mexico to
Alaska. There are large gaps in this great distance be
tween points that have not yet developed oil. The breaks
may be filled in at some future time by intelligent pros
pectors.
What the United States Geological Survey finds to say
about petroleum in Alaska, through the medium of a pub
lication just issued from the press in the "Economic
Geology" series, possesses public interest.
In the Controller Bay region, an indentation of the
coast about 100 miles west of Mount St. Elias, petroleum
seepages are very numerous. Those that are best known
are situated about four miles east of Katalla.. Another
group of seepages- is at the headwaters of Burls Creek,
where the petroleum may be seen oozing from the joints
and bedding planes of the carbonaceous and glauconitic
shales that are exposed in the deep ravines. There are
seepages also on a small stream between Burls Creek and
Bering River; seepages are. also found in the peninsula
between Bering Lake and Controller Bay and in the
region west of Katalla; also in the Nitchawak region,
and there are a number along the' banks of the small
creeks that enter the Little Nitchawak River from the
north. Several wells have been drilled in the Controller
Bay region and oil was discovered at depths of 250 and
350 feet. At the last mentioned depth the petroleum
broke through the soil and spouted above the top of the*
derrick. Several other wells have been drilled concern
ing which no very definite information is supplied by the
Geological Survey.
Petroleum from a well near Katalla has been analyzed
and it is reported by the Geological Survey "to be clearly
a refining oil of the same general nature as Pennsylvania
petroleum." At Cape Yaktag, about twenty-five miles
east of Controller Bay, the oil field extends for about
twenty-five miles eastward from the mouth of the Yak
tag River, which is the eastermost of the longer streams
reaching the ocean near Cape Yaktag.
In the Cook Inlet region there are gas springs and
seepages of oil. Where the seepages are the oil may be
seen oozing from the cracks in the rocks or coming from
the soil. On the east shore of Enochkin Bay a good
seepage was seen at a spot that is below the water at
high tide. The flow of petroleum is so strong that the
oil collects in large blotches and even covers the entire
surface of a pool.
At one point petroleum issues from a crevice in a rock
that is in Jurassic shale. There are a number of large
oil springs at Oil Bay. From the bottom of one of these
springs the petroleum is almost constantly flowing. It is
frequently possible to skim several quarts of petroleum
from the surface of a pool. About two miles west of the
beach at Dry Bay is a gas spring. Oil and gas springs
are on the north shore of Chinitua Bay. A well at Oil
Bay is reported to have struck a flow of fifty barrels of
petroleum at a depth of about 500 feet. A strong flow of
water shut off the oil.
There, is also a petroleum field > at Cold Bay on the
south shore of the Alaska Peninsula, at the southwest
end of. Shelikof Strait, where wells have been drilled.
There is evidently Alaska- petroleum. The quantity is
not fully determined.
THE DISCOVERY OF ALASKA.
liwpcror William's Doctor.
" Fp«rta.l Correspondence.
" BERLIN. April 27. — Since Emperor
William's alarmfrg throat trouble be
came known to the public the eyes of
.the German people have been cen
tered to a rfmarkable degree upon
Professor Dr. Moritz Schmidt of
Frankfort-on-the-Main, the venerable
Jaryngologist, in whose experienced
hands the Kaiser has placed the treat
ment of whatever ailment has taken
root in his vocal organs. It was Pro-
At a recent meeting of hotel men in Denver oppor
tunity was accepted to denounce most vigorously' that
increasingly common instrument of death, the fire-trap
hotel. Nothing was said of a remedy, and perhaps
wisely. As long as the public persists in patronizing fire
trap hotels it assumes the hazard of death and must ac
cept the penalty. Withdrawal of patronage will destroy
every fire-trap hotel in the country.
SINCE this republic went into business and estab
lished relations with the family of nations a large
number of writers on civics and a still larger num
ber of persons who arc experts in guessing at the value of
power and glory have held that the office of President of
the United States is the best thing in sight.
. American patriotism has eagerly accepted this judg
ment, and we rejoice in boasting that our President out
classes any other executive in the world, whether he get
bis job by election or has it probated to him as. a dynas
tic heir. It is the biggest of big things, and the President
sits at the head of the table in this world of governments,
good, bad and indifferent. Our President, at the same
time that he can give kings and emperors cards and
spades and beat them at any game of government, is a
plain citizen, destined when his term ends to be an ex
emplary citizen only. Some ex-Presidents have been
elected to the office of road supervisor, and one, the
younger Adams, was sent to Congress and stayed there
until he died.
Though the duration of the power of a President is
limited by law and custom no one has refused the job
when offered to him and not one has resigned it after he
got it. Its attainment is not without difficulty. The am
bition of rivals has to be reckoned with and that fickle
jade, public opinion by name "and changeable as the wind,
has to be watched and courted. Up to this time there
has been no cut across lots to the office. A man who
wanted it has had to choose his path and travel it afoot,
dispensing wisdom and light and sweetness as he went
on. But we live in a period of flux and change. . Clergy
men are inclined to flout at Adam as a myth; William
Tell and the league of Rutli and the apple and Gesler's
cap have gone glimmering; we all believe that 'Washing
ton did not lie about that cherry tree, but that Dr. Weems
did when he invented the story, and lots of things that
our fathers took for granted are now in dispute and many
of them disproved.
It is no wonder that, moved by the spirit of the age, our
esteemed contemporary Mr. Hearst should side step all of
the traditions about achieving the Presidency and make
a cash offer. Money talks and its conversation is agree
able to several kinds of politicians. Money also makes
the mare go, and why not use it to impress the primaries
with the excellences of character enjoyed by Mr. Hearst?
The readers of his papers know already that he is the
foremost American, for he says so himself, and what bet
ter evidence. can be had? If a man is not himself aware
that he is the head of a class, who should be?
Unfortunately there are peode who do not read Mr.
Hearst's papers and are without light as to his merits.
A Presidential campaign is too short to get them in the
habit of reading what he says about himself. So he has
wisely adopted a short cut. It is said that many mis
sionary stations among the heathen pay a monthly salary
to all heathens who accept Christianity, and also that
when one of them becomes a Christian for wages he
sticketh closer than a brother who is not on the pay roll.
Why should not Mr. Hearst put a majority of the Demo
cratic party on the pay roll and clinch their devotion to
the rights of man by stipendiary means? . , ,
Getting the Presidency in that way comes high, but he
lias the ambition and the money. It is just reported that
in Indiana he made a lump offer in two installments of a
half million for the delegation and threw in the Gover
norship of the State as a make weight. Mr. Sims, to
whom the option was first offered, declined it. But the
Hearst campaign in that State against the reprehensible
trusts which are corrupting our politics goes on, which is
evidence that the job refused by Sims has not gone
begging.
Mr. Henderson seems to be in a position to furnish in
formation on the subject. He has had a long training
in bearding in their several dens the various lions of cor
ruption. His experience began in breaking mules in the
Tilden campaign and no doubt his skill and virtue have
grown as the years have gone by. Whether he is the
one selected by Mr. Hearst to rebuke corrupt politics, for
a consideration, or not it is certain that the rebuke is
going up and down Indiana and working day and night.
From Terre Haute to The Shoals, and Plymouth to Posy
County, political corruption is on the run like horse
thieves when the Grand Jury meets?
Mr. Hearst is the first candidate for the Presidency
willing to spend a half million to induce people to abhor
the opposition. If he hold his lick the party in many
States will be in a state of eruptive abhorrence that will
amount to a regular political smallpox. It is with sin
cere interest in our fellow citizen that we notify him
that abhorrence requires inducements in some parts of
his native State. The California Democrats do not go
around abhorring as much as they ought to. The abhor
rence fund is needed right here and right now.
out" his approval, and when a bill has
been prepared in the departments con
cerned, and discussed in the council of
the empire, it is submitted to him for
his assent- If he gives his a/sent the
bill becomes law. though the majority
in the council of the empire may have
voted against It. and from that moment
he ha? to respect the law until It is
annulled hj» legislative procedure. If
the bill it not fortunate enough to
obtain the imperial assent, it goes back
to the departments and the council, to
bo modified In accordance with the im
perial wishes, or it is quietly put away
In the archives and is no more heard
of. Ab supreme head of the executive
his majesty has to use his autocratic
power much more frequently, because
In the ordinary course of administra
tion, whenever it is considered desir
able to make an exception to the exist
ing laws and regulations, the matter
has to be submitted for supreme per
mission by the minister concerned. As
there is nothing which corresponds to
a cabinet, the ministers have no joint
responsibility, and the only- center in
which the activity of all the different
departments converges is the Emperor
himself. He may. of course, order that
a matter is to be submitted to the
committee of ministers, or he may
summon a number of personages in
whom he has confidence to discuss a
question in his presence, but this forms
no part of the ordinary method of con
ducting business.
Thus the Czar who attends to his
duties and has a great capacity for
work can control thoroughly the great
legislative and executive machine by~
which he governs his empire; and ; as
he possesses many unofficial means of
obtaining information, any minister
who should systematically attempt to
deceive him would very soon be found
out. With regard to foreign affairs he
is sure to be exceptionally well in
formed, because all crowned heads con
sider that the relations of their country
with foreign powers require their per
sonal supervision, and to this rule the
Russian autocrats form no exception.
As soon as a political incident happens
in which Russia is interested, a mem
orandum is carefully prepared ln v the
foreign department, describing what
has occurred, explaining in what way
Russian interests are affected, and sug
gesting the line of action to be adopt
ed, and this document is submitted to
the Emperor. His Majesty may discuss
the question with the minister if he
thinks fit. or he may read the paper
alone and send It back with, his re
nvirks and orders written on the mar
gin. In either case the minister gets
his instructions and acts accordingly.
Of late an unusual departure has been
made from this procedure. Finding It
necessary to concentrate locally the di
rection of affairs In the Far East, the
Emperor created a vice-royalty, with
special cowers, and placed under the
orders of the viceroy not only the civil,
military and naval authorities, but
also the Russian diplomatic representa
tives in China, Korea and Japan. Ad
miral Alexleff. on whom this important
post was conferred, corresponds direct
ly with the Emperor outside of the for
eign department, so that if the Russian
Embassador in London, Paris or Berlin
declares that he does not know what is
going on in the I^ar East, it must not
be hastily assumed that he is using
merely diplomatic language.
How, then, has it come about that an
autocrat, who is a sincere lover of
peace and who has the control of af
fairs in his own hands, has brought his
country to the verge of war? In the
first place it must be remembered that
autocrats, like ordinary statesmen in
other forms of government, do not al
ways foresee the ultimate consequences
of their decisions, and are liable to
find themselves unexpectedly in a sit
uation from which war Is the only
means of exit consistent with the na
tional interests and the national honor.
Even the pacific Mr. Gladstone let
himself be drawn into the Egyptian
campaign, and afterward drifted dan
gerously near to a great war with
Russia. It must be remembered, fur
ther, that the autocratic form of gov
ernment has its drawbacks as well as
its advantages in matters of foreign
policy. It does not require to watch
and be guided by the ever changing
currents of public opinion, and it can
therefore adopt a politique de longue
haleine; but It is not nearly so inde
pendent of popular sentiment as is
commonly supposed, for its strength
lies in its being the representative of
national conceptions and national aspi
rations; and if it fails to be true to
these it weakens itself. He would be
a very bold Czar who would sacrifice a
great national interest to love of peace
or any other personal feeling. If ever
a Czar was justified in disregarding the
views of the ultra-patriotic section of
his subjects it was Alexander II. when
he accepted the decisions of the Con
gress of Berlin in order to avoid a great
European struggle: but there is no
doubt that that wise, courageous act
diminished his popularity and prestige.
Whether Nicholas II. has inherited all
the civic courage of his grandfather
remains to be s«-en. If he desires peace
in the sense of being ready to sacrifice
to it certain material and political in
terests, he should lose no time in trans
ferring the conduct of the diplomatic
negotiations from his viceroy to his
foreign office. The gallant admiral
may be as wise, prudent and concili
atory as his friends represent him to
be, but he hr • not the experience and
traditional dexterity of the Foreign Of
fice oSlcials, and he seems to have con
ducted the negotiations hitherto In
such a way* that a diplomatic retreat
can now hardly be effected without
some loss of prestige. Under the di
rection of the Foreign Office the stra
tegic operation would be carefully
veiled and the loss of prestige, if un
avoidable, would be reduced to a min
imum. — The London Times.
that finds cause for divorce. The relation of marriages
like every other human relation of whatever degree,
requires a persistent spirit of regard for other interests
than those of self. Every incident of incompatibility in
business relations, in social contacts,. originates in refusal
to-consider the interests of others. A training for per
manence in the marriage contract therefore is not special.
It is the same as all training for. covenant keeping, and
must be in the sentiments and character. We question
whether inculcation of the mysteries that attach to the
idea of the sacramental marriage will produce much im
mediate impression, while we recognize the devoted pur
pose of those who propose it. It may be said broadly
that the good citizen has in him the elements of a good
husband and father, and citizenship must be built up as
a part of the system of divorce reform.
IT COMES HIGH.
Special Information supplied daily co
business houses and public man by tb«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cai*
uornla street Teleohone Mala 104JL •
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic lire-etched boxes. 715 Market at."
CRIME— J. B. F., City. Neither a
man nor a corporation can be pun
ished criminally unless an offense has
been committed. Nor can either be
punished simply because either was in
a position to commit a crime. In
order, to maintain a criminal prosecu
tion there must have been a Joint
operation of intent and act. there must
have been some overt act either in the
attempt to commit a crime or the
actual commission of one. Under cer
tain prohibitory statutes an Individual
may be convicted for having In his
possession that -with which he could
commit a crime, as for Instance a man
may be punished for carrying burglar'*
tools, skeleton keys, false beard or
masks to be used as a disguise and the
like.
RIFLE— Anxious, City. The military
rifle now used by the United States
army -will carry, maximum range, 4068
yards, a carbine 4616 yards. The rifle
will carry with accuracy at all dis
tances 100 feet apart from 100 to 1200
yards.
FITZSIMMONS — Constant Reader.
Life Saving Station, City. Bob Fltz
simmons in 1903 fought with Con
Coughlin in Philadelphia. September
30; fought Joe Grim in the same city,
October 1'4, and George Gardiner in San
Francisco, November 25.
LOSES HIS RIGHTS — W." B., So
noma. Cal. A man who deserts from
the army of the United States, whether
he suffers punishment for the \ crime
or not, forfeits his citizenship and the
right forever to hold a public office
in the United ' States.
'Answers to Queries.
Buried Herculaneum.
The more complete excavation of
Pompeii carried on in recent years has
been so rich in results and has so great,
ly enlarged our knowledge of the life
and art of the Roman Empire, that
the attention of archaeologists ia now
turned to the other buried city, which
has been hitherto neglected. Superfi
cially, the ruins of Herculaneum are
much less important, but the place is
known to have contained some rich
villas and some public buildings of
consequence which may prove to have
been as well preserved beneath the
ashes of Vesuvius as were some of
those in Pompeii. At all events, the
proposed excavation is of interest,
though the project of international co
operation does not appear very prac
ticable. The Italian Government, how
ever, ha* accomplished so much in
archaeological research of late that
the means for this undertaking will
probably be found.
Women at the Wheel.
Lack of concentration Is the most
common failure of all among motor
women. If a woman cannot concen
trate in every day things, she cannot
concentrate when she motors. The
weakness that causes a woman to read
the same page of a book twice to get
its meaning, that makes her ask an
eager question about the detail of a
story which one has just carefully ex
plained, that leads her mind a will-o'
the-wisp trip around the hem of the
conversation, is the same weakness
which, in motoring, keeps her looking
too long at an attractive bit of scenery,
or turning her attention for a moment
wholly to something that has been said,
or for a single instant lifting her hand
from the brake. Generally speaking,
a woman who is not a good listener
will not be a good chauffeuse. She can
not cancentrate. And Incidentally,
that is why, if a woman has learned
to do any one thing well, she Is a better
motor pupil. If she can play the piano,
if she can play bridge, if she can paint,
even if she can typewrite, she will, ten
to one, be a good chaufteuse. It is the
dilettante in motoring, as in most
things, who is a failure.— Outing.
latest of any considerable proportions
which will be seen for many decades
to come. Ten millions of dollars have
been contributed by St. Louis alone to
this fair. For one object and another
the United States government has fur
nished a still larger sum than this.
Many millions have been expended on
It by the various States. A far larger
amount has been contributed by the
nations of North. Central and South.
America, Europe. Asia. Africa, and the
islands of the sea. in the aggregate.
This vast outlay will, it is safe, to pre
dict, not be duplicated in any such en
terprise within the lifetime of many of
those who visit St. Louis this year.
Portland, Or., will have a Lewis and
Clark fair in 1905. Virginia wlirhave
its Jamestown tri-centennlal celebra
tion in 1907. Neither of these is on th©
scale of even -the Pan-American fair
at Buffalo three years ago. With the
Louisiana Purchase Centennial Expo
sition the world's capabilities and pos
sibilities in the direction of preparing
world's fairs for the entertainment and
instruction of mankind will culminate.
—Leslie's Weekly.
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
_ £_ : — : — — r~
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ? ? . . . || ?'. .Address All Ccmmtmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office < &£j£§r^ Third and Market Streets, S. P. ,
TUESDAY. ... ............................. MAY 10, 1904
Her Diagnosis.
She was a brand new medico, just
graduated from a local ce-llege of
medicine. As she flounced Into the
Central Emergency Hospital in her
twilled summer dress she was good to
look upon and the doctors and stew
ards looked.
"I would just like to look around
the hospital for a bit and see how
you run things here." this with a win
ning smile, which fetched Dr. Millar
instantly.
'•Certainly, madam." 'responded the
gallant physician, as he led the way
Into the operating-room. A case had
just been brought in in the ambu
lance; It wag a middle* aged man, who
had fallen down a staircase in front
of a Chinatown store. .
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8The police were notified yesterday
that the cabin of the ship Wyefleld.
lying at Mission-street wharf, ; had
been entered by burglars on Sunday.
A silver hunting case watch, a- gold
chain, a silver match box and $30 In
coin belonging to Harry G. Owens
were stolen.
Burglars Visit a Ship.
.Stock certificates and seal presses at short
notice. Edw. 8. Knowles, 24 Second St. •
sponded was instructed by the lady
to arrest the accused and be sure to
keep him away from her, as she
le.ar.ed hlm greatly. When the case
was called in Judge Slogan's court,
however, there was no appearance for
the prosecution and his Honor em
phatically denied the defendant's mo
tion to dismiss. |
"Mrs. Lehman must be brought
here to-morrow morning, and explain
what she means by juggling with Jus
tice," said the Judge. "The court
may not be able to compel her to
prosecute, but it shall have the satis
faction of informing her that it is not
to be trifled with."
In a row between union and non
union stablemen at the Arcade sta
bles at Sixth and Clara streets yester
day forenoon Bernard Hanlon, who
lives at 11 Dale place, a member of
the Stablemen's Union, received an
ugly knife wound on the left arm, in
flicted by Elmer Hollingsworth, a non
union stableman.
Hanlon had hlg wound dressed at
Union Man Is Stabbed.
The Chinese held forth at the pure
food and Industrial exposition last
night in Mechanics' Pavilion 1 and
every Celestial . departed with his face
wreathed in smiles at the welcome ac
corded. Every courtesy was extended
to the disciples of Confucius and the
exhibitors were most generous in giv
ing them samples of California prod
ucts.
To-night all of the parlors of the
Native Sons and Daughters of the
Golden West will be represented at the
fair and a special musical programme
hav been prepared. A distinctive sou
venir especially made • for the occa
sion will be presented to every lady
attending this . evening-. .
Dancing is indulged in for half an
hour every evening.
Disciples of Confucius Are Accorded
Welcome and Are Courteously
Received by Exhibitors.
CHINESE RESIDENTS AT
PURE FOOD EXPOSITION
the Emerg-ency Hospital, while Hol
llngsworth was charged at the South
ern police station with an assault with
intent to commit murder.
The accused man claims the cutting
was in self-defense. He said he left
the sfables with the- intention of vis
iting a phyFiclan and on his return
he was set upon by eight union sta
blemen, who were waiting for him to
return. They attacked him in front
of the. stable and in order to get away
from them he ran .inside, whither
Hanlon followed and where the cut
ting took place. * • t ,•
At the request of a number of music
lovers Mme. Sembrich will add to her
programme at the concert to-night at
the Alhambra Theater some songs
with which she created a veritable
sensation at her last recital in New
York. The particular novelties will be
a "Lullaby" by Tschaikowsky, which
she will sing in the Russian language,
and a "Muzurka," in Polish, written
for her by Prince Lubomirski, besides
which Hugo Wolf's "Storchenbot
schaft" ("Stork's Message"), Von
Feilitz's "Kraut Vergressenheit" and
Schubert's' "Gretchen at the Spinning
Wheel" and "Wohin?" have been
added to the already attractive pro
gramme. The visits of artists of the
Sembrich caliber are like those of
angels and no student of the vocal art
should miss hearing the greatest lyric
soprano of the world.
Farewell Sembrich Concert.
Alcazar.
"The Two Schools," a clever modern
comedy by Alfred Capus, was present
ed last night at the Alcazar with dis
tinguished'success by the capable stock
company. The piece tells the story of
a couple who are divorced and are af
terwards reunited when they discover
that they really love each other. The
individual players were perfectly cast
and did full Justice to the exquisite
comedy with which the piece abounds.
The scene in the French restaurant is
delightful, and in fact there was not
a dull moment in the entire four scenes
of the play. James Durkin made the
most of Edouard Maubrun and demon
strated that he is more at home in
light comedy parts than the • solemn
ones to which he is frequently assign
ed. Miss Adele Block was never quite
so good as in Henrlette Maubrun and
A collection of several thousand
specimens of the many varieties of
flowers, growing 1 and cut; potted
plants, flowering shrubs, cut flowers,
etc.. will" be displayed at the spring
exhibition of the Pacific Coast Hor
ticultural Society in the grand nave
of the Ferry building Thursday, Fri
day and Saturday of this week.
Spring Flower Show.
Barr and Evans, a character comedy
couple, made their first appearance in
this city at the Chutes yesterday and
made great hits at both performances.
Their work is genuinely funny and full
of bright bits. The three Millards, one
of whom is a very clever youngster,
gave an entertaining musical comedi
etta, entitled "Willie Green's Visit,"
,f*Jo Adler. . the j gifted mezzo-soprano,
assisted by her pickaninny, changed
her selections and Queen, Stowe and
Diamond, comedy acrobats and danc
ers, gave a lively performance. Hus
ton, the comedy Juggler, Mildred Man
ning, the popular singer of illustrated
songs, and the animatoscope, showing
many novelties in moving pictures,
completed an unusually good pro
gramme. The amateurs will appear
on Thursday night. .
The Chutes. .
The Rogers Brothers and . their big
company are now in the second and
last week of their engagement at the
Columbia In the production of John J.
McNally'e vaudeville farce, "The
Rogers Brothers in London." The at
traction is drawing • crowded houses,
as it has made one of the most pro
nounced hits known here in years. The
Rogers Brothers are clever comedians
who have won instant favor. The* last
performance takes place next Sunday
night. Next Monday night Richard
Mansfield begins a two weeks' engage
ment with his latest success, "Ivan the
Terrible." This -play will be followed
during the engagement by "Old Heidel
berg," "Beau Brummel," "A Parisian
Romance" and "Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde." ,
Columbia.
Sramek, when questioned by Car
tain Martin, said he would not talk
till the proper time arrived.
Miss Goley sounded an alarm and
Sramek rushed out of the house. To
liceman T. J. Larkin saw him run
ning along Sutter street and soon
overtook him. Sramek was taken
back to the lodging-house and Miss
Goley Identified him. Sramek then at
tacked the patrolman, who had to
use his clufob on Sramek's head be
fore the fight was taken out of him.
Sramek was sent to the Central
Emergency Hospital for repairs and
wps later booked at the City Prison on
a charge of burglary.
Frank J. Sramek, a cook living at
1335 Buchanan street, was discovered
in the room of Miss X. Goley, landlady
of the lod^ins-house at 309 Sutter
street, shortly after 6 o'clock yester
day morning. He had opened the door
with a skeleton key and wa3 standing
beside the bureau drawers when Miss
Goley saw him.
Frank J. Sramek, Found in Landlady's
Room on Sutter Street, Is Charged
With Burglary.
RESISTS ARREST AND
IS SEVERELY CLUBBED
The Central Theater stock company
has never in its history shown to such
excellent advantage as in the last few
weeks, when popular standard dramas
have been the attraction, instead 6t the
lurid types of melodrama that Belasco
& Slayer's Market-street playhouse
once conjured with. That .hxllllant ro
mantic play, "The Three Musketeers,"
with its picturesque scenic environ
ment and wealth of costumes, its stir
ring Incidents, its swashbuckling he
roics and its deftly-woven plot of court
intrigues, completely captured a
crowded house last night, and proved a
record-breaker in the number of cur
tain call3 and the rounds of applause
that bespoke the unqualified satisfac
tion of the audience. Herschel Mayall.
as the brave, dashing, headlong ad
venturer, D'Artasnan, registered an
other notable' hit. Without question,
Mayall's talents cover a wide range of
versatility. "The Three Musketeers" is
not a one-man drama, however, and
George P. Webster, as Cardinal Riche
lieu, and Eugenie Thais Lawton, as
Lady de Winter, sustained their roles
with hardly less credit than that at
tached to the part of the reckless but
fortunate hero. LJoyd Edwards, as
King Louis; James Montgomery, as
Buckingham; Ernest Howell, as
Rochefort, and Messrs. Shumer,
Nicholls and McDonald, as Athos, Por
thos and Aramis, respectively, were
effective In their several parts. Edna
Ellsmere was a dignified Queen and
Olive Skinner a pleasing Constance.
There are fourscore people in the cast
and the court scenes were superb.
Central.
Officers* rej orts were then read. In
cluding the report of President Estes.
The convention then adjourned to meet
at 9 o'clock this morning.
Rules — H. G. Ilderton. chairman: C. J. Jones,
Thomas <Je Young. Press — Frank McCabe,
chairman; L. K. Glgnac, E. B. Oehrke, W.
L. Hall. W. Hlckey, W. Lowell, A. O.
Chapln. Ritual — C. J. Jones, H. G. Ilderton,
H. J. Byrne, H. Lampe, W. H. French, D. J.
Wilson W. J. Bradley, Thomas de Younr, W.
L. Hall, W. Lowell. C. M. Hurlbut, A. G.
Cbapin.
A committee cm credentials, consiBt
ing of J. E. Fitzgerald, chairman, A.
R. Schultz and W. J. Bradley, was ap
pointed.
The afternoon session convened at
1:30. The following officers were ap
pointed: Frank McCabe, superintend
ent; E. M. Hurlbut, prelate; W. Hick
ey, conductor; P. H. Schoening, watch
man, and H. G. Ilderton, past manager.
The fallowing committees were ap
pointed:
The second biennial convention of the
United Brotherhood of Railroad Em
ployes convened at 10 a. m. yesterday,
In the Parrott building, President
George Estes presiding.
Practically nothing was done yester
day but to get the convention into
shape for the ten days* session that Is
to follow.
During this convention it Is probable
that some radical changes will be made
in the constitution.
ployes Begin Their Convention.
United Brotherhood of Railroad Em-
OPEN BIENNIAL SESSION.
It will thus be seen that the Stablemen's
Cn'.on had given the owners no caus* what
ever for their arbitrary action, and had not
intended to demand any change whatever in
existing conditions.
A numltcr of stable owners refused to Join
with their fellow members of the association
in enforcing the "open 6hop" policy and are
to-«?ay conducting their stables under union
regulations, governing employment.
The union also desires to emphasize the fact
that it has not and will not countenance vio
lence or disorder on the part of its members,
and that It will certainly assist in the prose
cution of any member who is guilty of disre
garding the union's orders in this respect.
On February 22 the *ecr*tary of the Stable
and Carnage Owners' Association visited all
the stable* of members and po»ted "open shop"
notices. A committee from the union, accom
panied by the secretary of the I-alx>r Council,
called on the board of dircctorr. of the associa
tion the following day and asked the . reason
for the posting of these notices. The commlt
tt-emen were Informed that the association
believed that the union was about to p-regent
new demand*, calling for increased wages and
other concessions; that the owners had
decided not to grant further conces
sions and ftp.rl determined to an
ticipate the union's demands by adopting the
•'op^n shop" policy. The owners. In support
of their contentions, ehowed the committee
whit they claimed wae a copy of new de
mands' adopted by the union a short time be
for*-. and which were to go into effect May 1.,
The union's representatives informed \ the
owners that they were misinformed regarding
the union's intention and that, while it Was
true that the union had had under considera
tion certain modification? of the existing sched
ule, the copy exhibited by the owners, which
had bt-t-n printed and extensively circulated by
them, was widely at variance with the sched
ule as approved by the union. Furthermore,
aJthough these amendments to the existing
schedule had been favorably acted upon by
the union, that action wa* not final, the union
having placed the entire matter In the hands
of a representative committee, with instruc
tions to Investigate the situation and report
upon the advisability of asking the owners to
grant the concession*. This committee, after
carefully canvassing the situation, decided not
to present the demands to the owners and to
rvcemmend that the existing schedule be con
tinued in operation for the rest 'of the year.
After maklrg these statements to the board
of -lirectors of the Stable Owners' Association,
the committee then asked the owners to enter
Into a formal agreement with th« union to
continue the existing schedule for a year. The
directors refused to do this and also declined
even to make a verbal agreement to that
effect, though strongly urged to do so by the
secretary of the I>abor Council. The owners
ag»in declared that it was their Intention to
adhere to the "open shop" policy. •
After this fruitless conference had ended,
member? of the Owners" Association Immedi
ately began to discbarge union stablemen and
hire non-union men. in some Instances whole
crews being discharged at once. This policy
was continued until the union, in self-defense,
was compelled to take action and order that
ite members be called out In the remaining
stables where the owners refused Individually
\a agree to maintain the old conditions with
out change on either side.
The union desires to direct especial atten
tion to tie fact that the Stable and Carriage
Owners' Association and the Stablemen's
Union at th« beginning of tne year agreed
upon a schedule of hours and wages, - this
schedule having been arranged through the
mediation of the Labor Council, and that thnt
schedule contained important concessions asked
by th<? owners and gTanted by the union upon
the advice of the Labor Council. This was
the schedule the committeemen asked the
association directors to formally agree to at
the confeience on February 23. the owners*
representative!* having refused to enter into
a written agreement when the schedule was
finally accepted by both sides at the beginning
of the ye*r. although Its provisions were in
force in all stables up to the time the "open
shop" notices were posted.
To the Peopl« of San Francl*co: In view of
the Tact that there wms to be considerable
misunderstanding among our citizens regani-
Jn* the causes of the present lockout in a.
nviiuher of the stables of this -city, the Stable
men's Union desires to make this statement
of the actual circumstances pr'-sceding this con
troversy:
Thomas F. Finn, president of
Stablemen's Union No. S760 of this
city, last night issued the following
statement regarding the differences
existing between the owners of sta
bles and the union of stablemen:
OVERTURES REJECTED
Officers of Organisation' De
clare Strike wjs Precipi
tated by the {Employers
The neatest, daintiest, prettiest stuff
of its sort ever turned out is "A Run
away Girl," one of the Daly musical
comedies, revived at the Tivoli last
night. It is not quite the "Runaway
Girl" of the Daly's as we got it at the
California last . year, but still a good
performance. Not that that mattered
much last, night. The dental student
graduates of '04 took the house and
made things hum, and •¦¦"A Runaway
Girl" was voted, by hand and heel, a
record breaking success.
Musically, the Tivoli performance
wholly outranks the Daly's. They
have more voices and better, as with
any musical comedy company that
happens along. Chiefly the difference
lies in the fit of the parts, glove fitting
with the New Yorkers. This is where
the chief difficulty of the Daly comedies
lies. They were written to fit. For ex
ample, nothing short of a 300-ponnder
could fill out Professor Tamarind's
part. George Fortescue had 'em all
and more. Good as he always is, Ted
dy Webb's Professor tipped the scales
a good 200 pounds short. In fact,, Mr.
Webb is cut out for John Slavin's role
of the Jockey, Flipper, two sizes too
tight for Ferris Hartman, who has it.
The runaway girl herself Is Misi de
Filippe, who is piquant and dainty in
the role. She has several pretty songs,
and sings them charmingly. Better and
better Is Miss Esther King, who has
the part of Alice the maid, and Annie
Myers returns as a sturdily amusing
cockney Italian lady. As before said
Hartman is the jockey, and he succeeds
in amusing in a role not altogether
his kind. His song, "Follow the Man
From Cook's," will probably be In all
the local whistles before the week is
out. Webb is clever In his way— not
its— in the part v &£- the Professor, and
Cunningham and his four piratical
troubadours make much picturesque
and vocal fun. George Chapman is both
useful and ornamental as Guy Stan
ley. He has a voice, savoir faire and
agreeable stage presence. He was en
cored several times while singing of
the kind of girl he wished to marry.
Schuster, Aspland, Bessie Tannehill and
the rest are spread over the huge cast
and do .their best for things. The
piece is very prettily staged.
"A Runaway Girl," in short, will well
repay a visit. An unusually large house
heartily enjoyed the piece last night,
with encore after encore for the many
good songs.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON. *
her scenes withT>urkin were charmins
ly done. Perhaps the best bit of work
was that of Miss Frances Starr, v/ho
was irresistible as Estelle. Miss Starr
brings an intelligence and delicacy into
her impersonations that meet with the
unqualified approval -of her auditors,
all of whom must be her friends, judg
ing by the applause with which she
was greeted at every turn. John B.
Maher only added fresh laurels to his
reputation as a painstaking and able
actor in the part of Joulin and Miss
Marie Howe was admirable as Madame
Joulin.. Miss Juliet Crosby must not be
lost sight of in her small part of Mme.
Breneull and as usual she acted with
a grace and tact that are all her own.
Conness, Osborne and Hill iard were all
that could be desired in their parts and
aided in the presentation of a harmon
ious production.
Mrs. Henry Lehman telephoned
from her residence. 722 Rhode Island
street, last Saturday e%'eningr to the
nearest police station that her'hus
band was pursuing her with a knife
and threatening to take her life, and
the patrolman who immediately re-
Mr. Debnorty could not devise logi
cal explanation of his conduct, and
Judge Mogan ordered him to appear
this morning for sentence.
Frank Harris, whose long residence
in "The Home for the Weary," on
Leidesdorff street, has earned for him
undisputed recognition as the star
lodger of that select establishment,
appeared before Judge Mogan as com
plainant against Charles Debnorty,
and the charge- was battery.
It was Saturday afternoon, • Mr.
Harris stated, and he was seated in
the reading room of "The Rest," stor
ing his mind with war intelligence
from the Yalu. when the newspaper
was rudely snatched from his hands,
and his face severely punched by Mr.
Debnorty, who had received no provo
cation whatever for the attack. Al
though his soul was aflame with the
pugnacity that the graphically written
report of a fierce battle never fails to
arouse in the masculine reader. Mr.
Harris discreetly refrained from retal
iating In kind upon' Mr. Debnorty,
who was by many years the younger,
and by numerous pounds the heavier
of the two. ' .. "
Policeman Winsler was not in offi
cial garb when William Hebbard shuf
fled up to him on Market street and
requested to be provided with 10 cents
"For what purpose?" asked the
plain-clothes man?"
"To eat wid," replied ¦William; "I'm
jist perishin' wid hunger."
"I'll do better than give you a dime,"
said the officer. Then he collared Wil
liam and marched him into a restau
rant, where he instructed a waiter to
give him all the food he could tuck
away. But not a mouthful could Wil
liam eat. although the most tempting
dainties in the place were set before
him. So his host ran him in.
"Gimme me medicin' an* lemme
hide me head," said William to Judge
Fritz, "an 1 don't be afraid to make de
dose strong. De idear uv an' old-time
cadger like me mistakin' a cop fer a
cit fills me wid desire fer punishment.
Sock It ter me. Wot do I git?"
v "Thirty days," said his Honor.
"An' t'irty years wouldn't be a minlt
too much." muttered William ere he,
figuratively, kicked himself back to
If the declaration was facetiously in
tended it failed of effect, for Judge
Mogan didn't smile at all and neither
Bailiff Hlckey nor Clerk pro tern.
"Jack" Rice seemed to see the pun.
The charge of having lottery tickets
in his possession was promptly proved
and Mariner Gaston paid $5 for his
restoration to freedom.
"I'm rated a. b. on the books of the
steamer Acapulco," said P. Gaston,
"and you'll find that I'm no ordinary
seaman."
Pat McGrath was so indiscreet as to
change his base of begging operations
from Market street to Chinatown,
where he was caught in the act of
accosting coolies for alms.
"I wasn't beggin' nothin'." Pat
pleaded to Judge Mogan, "but was in
quirin' where I could buy some good
whisky."
"Tush. tush. Patrick." said his
Honor; "you shouldn't try to deceive
this court with specious pleading, for
you have been here often enough to
have learned that no defense at all is
better than one that will not hold
water. When you come here to-morrow
morning I'll send you back to the dear
old home that nestles at the base of
Telegraph Hill and see that you are
kept there throushout the gladsome
summer season." ,
Judge Cabaniss .held Thomas Fitz
patrick and Edward Daly for grand
larceny, with bail fixed at $2000 apiece.
They were convicted of steaiing hose —
not the kind that is displayed in the
show windov.'B of dry-goods stores —
from the Oregon Railroad and Naviga
tion Company'6 wharf.
After he had been cleared of a
charge of malicious mischief by Judge
Fritz. John McElroy ventilated his
inebriety in the corridors of the Hall
of Justice until a policeman escorted
him to the top floor and charged him
with drunkenness in a public place. He
will reappear before his Honor Judge
Fritz this morning.
David de Costa, sneak thief and
"stool pigeon." was given six months
by Judge Mogan for swindling a poor
widow out of $2 by means of the coun
terfeit bill trick. He pleaded guilty to
petty larceny to avoid trial and prob
able conviction on a more serious
charge.
James H. Wells and William Uhl
were intoxicated and had a' tin box in
their possession, when a policeman saw
them emerge from the dwelling house
at fc57 Howard street, and investiga
tion disclosed the fact that the recepta
cle was filled with heirlooms and arch
ives and other things belon:?tng to in
mates of the dwelling, witbout whose
permission it had been taken. Charge
of larceny to be heard on May 13.
Frank Healy invited Dan Hughes to
break bread with him in a restaurant
out Bernal Heights way and then re
fused to pay for the food. He was
fined $10 by Judge Cabaniss.
Among the victim? of the larcenous
practice of H. W. Davis was J. D.
Wilson, the mulatto proprietor of a
Pacific-street dance hall, whose flowing
mustache and diamond-embellished
sweater of many colors made him a
conspicuous figure In the c mrtroom of
Judge Fritz, Davis was p-?ntenced to
six months' Imprisonment f "r petty lar
ceny and Wilson seemed to approve the
sentence.
Dixon. who is a blacksmith, entered an
additional charge of robbery against
"The Terror." claiming ; that $3 had
been taken from his pocket after the
assault, but he failed to prove the ac
cusation before Judge Mogan.
- Thomas Barnes, who has earned and
proudly wears the sobriquet of "The
Terror of North Beach," will be sent
eneed to-day for battery upon J. D.
Dlxon's head with a wagon-spoke.
• Tto sixteen -year-old girls, Mary
Vy^e-z. and Florence Fernandez, were
sen* -to St. Catherine's Home by Judge
Fritz, to whom their parents had com
llsr'.r.e'J of their waywardness.
•in • his possession for safe keeping
aftout $3000 worth of jewelry. Instead
¦of keeping the treasures in his safe,
however, he pawned t^iem.
B.'C. Park was held in $500 to an
swei* for felony embezzlement. He
purchased a clothing store on Sixth
f.-net from Mary Sidlowski, who left
• frank Anderson, colored, was also
«-sr-<njsed of vagrancy, but he did not
•loOk the r>art. His outer garments
were of baby-blue color, fashionable
•cut and fine texture, his shoes were of
patent leather, and a massive chunk of
"•Ip"o!ished glass glinted from the crimson
n&cktie that partly hid the yellow and
Vtec-n.. stripes of his shirt-bosom. But
.<Ke"corr:r>!aining policeman ¦warned the
1-oiirt not to be deceived by Ander
son's tout ensemble, as he was an ex-
Vo'nvict and had been arrested with a
uine«teen-year-old white girl whom, it
v.£s- suspected, he had enticed from her
at San Jose. The young woman,
* who *vas registered on the prison book
. r;?. Annie Turner, forfeited her bail of
After hearing: that many facts,
JuMge Mogan increased Anderson's
bajl t<y $2ZQ and continued the case till
t'b-morrow. Meantime the police are
endeavoring to find Miss Turner.
. A<t<=r-the accusation of vagrancy
VafcjinFi Thomas Turner (colored) had
• lii'-'r- < li^ched. Judge Megan "asked him
h;'v«.* often he had been convicted on a
eijoSlaz « narge.
. "Kayr.t rekamembah jes' now,
Jedte," answered James, scratching
bls'^Too}, "but er lot er times, sho.
V»'i*h >'<'d git some oddah gen'l'm'n ter
count 'em."
"It, s-hiill be done," said the Judge.
/iTG-rr.irri'W morning the labor of ex
piring the records will be finished, if
the \l( rk is compelled to sit up all
righr to finish it. and I shall be ready
ta on the rest."
.With facial expression denoting re
lease from a perplexing task Mr. Tar
*ner withdrew from the presence. !
.Brave I'atrHman Hayden testified
" tjiat never in his long experience as a
guardian of nocturnal peace In the
"tcsdtrloin uisirict did he witness such
. •-! i t*iles=s disregard of consequences as
•* Klia IJc-attie displayed while she was
•*?ng»ped in the act of shooting. She
" «tood at the v.indow of h<T apartment
in "a K»dpin5.-h<i-jse at Ellis and Mason
Btrfetii ar.d blared away with a revol
ler-at th? street bekrw. eecmingly care
less of what or whom the bullets might
jbli.. ard ere he could prasp and dis-
BJrna her *hr had fired three shots and
scores (f f"!k were in wild stampede.
AiAt<'Ufrh the time was 1:30 o'clock
Sunday morning, many people wcr«
abroad in" the vicinity.
It v-zs after she had quarreled with
fter ••stfady." and driven him fear
stricken from her presence, that Miss
Jitattie began her fusillade. Hoping to
•.pet" "a pet-shot at the man she had
" rjvted she- took position at the open
" v. itdow and awaited his emergence
° fjom the main doorway of the house.
, Th* first bullet was aimed at the first
.man who stepped out, but it whistled
.j*a*t the right ear of a young gentle.
. rrjan. of fortune and sporting proclivi-
' m U«af who was speeding an automobile
Ir.deri with femininity up Mason street
•nn^'fo startled was he by the occur
rence that he lost control of the ma
'. ';h?ne, which swerved to the curb and
: .; T^^.fe collapsed to an accompaniment
"•¦f" shrill screams from its occupants.
Missile No. 2 from Miss Beattie's
• weapon flew southward and downward
" i:ntil it struck the sidewalk and then it
"*»rorheted amid the feet of pedes
trians until its force was spent. The
trMrd bullet, a straight liner, was stop
ped by the brick wall or a house op
• p«-t-it*» and dropped to the street a
?-.Kftp<=!ess mass of lead.
. -After hearing that much of Patrol
r'iaji Hayd^n's narrative Judge Mogan
-continued the case against Miss Beat
're until next Thursday, when the
vourp p^ntlemar. who steered the auto
.. rf,;.'b;ie and several other xv-itnesses of
, the- ivpman's pistol practice will ap
pea'r-ar.d testify.
President of S tablemen's
Union Issues a Statement
WhiA Blames the Owners
Ella Beattie's Marksmanship Endangers Lives of
: People in Every Direction Other Than That
.-• in Which the Bullets Are Intended to Speed
" A Runaway Girl" Proves Popular and "The Two
Schools" Pleases at Alcazar — Columbia and Cen
tral Are Excellent With Clever Stars in Casts
SAYS OFFERS
WERE REFUSED
PICTURESQUE AND VOCAL
FUN IN TIVOLI COMEDY
ENRAGED WOMAN SHOOTS
AND BULLETS FLY WIDE
THE SAX; FRANCISCO ;. GAIib,* TUESDAY, MAY 10,; 1904.
- Ijok Cabin! : "The bread with a flavor." Abe
your dealer— wholesale— 000 Dolores St. ' •
Gilt-edce security against storm and stress of
weather In Gilt Edge whiskey. Wlchman, Lut
gen & Co., 20-31 Battery St., S. X .•¦•..*
9
POSTUM CEREAL.
When The
: That Coffee
Keeps jrou htlf sick, better quit in
time.
'try leaving it off 10 days and use
POSTUM
trd r.cte the spring of health, when
f ©u« caft again "do things."
"There's a Reason'*
Look <or the little book. "The Road
U» Weilvllle." in each pkff.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS*
TO XXXA THE DANTmxrPF OEBM
Is the Only Possible Way of Having 1 an
Effective Core.
If you see a woman or a man with lux-
uriant {flossy hair, you may be sure nei-
ther has dandruff to amount to anything:.
In nearly every case where women' and
men have thin, brittle hair they owe It
to dandruff. There are hundreds of
preparations that "claim" to cure dan-
druff, but not one but Newbro's Herpi-
cide tells you that dandruff is the result
of a germ burrowing into the scalp, and
that permanent cure of dandruff and its
consequent falling and baldness can only
be bad by killing: the germ; and there is
no other preparation that will destroy
that grerm but Newbro's Herpicide. "De-
stroy the cause, and you remove the ef-
fect." Sold by leading druggists. Send
10c In stamps for sample to The Herpl-
cide Co., Detroit," Mich.
— \
BETTER THAU GOLD
for the teeth- It prevents decay. I*
hardens the gams and purifies tha
breath and mouth.
SAVES ""TEETH
PfliflrA DON'T FAIL TO
idldlC see
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
. uuu parlor, the
f <.,.«• J PALM ROOM, the
(irand louis xv par -
U1UUU jx>R, and the LA-
H' A. -f _ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room
¦ nxi sa a » To stay Cursd. Caus* re-
/l V I fj JVl f\ moved. Heal th restored.
HV ¦ Ill'IrtjJo mott Asthm- or Hay
riiPFn^^ — "'-?
LUl\Ll/ **• HAROLD HATES,
A1£T7SE2£ENT8.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
TO-1TIOET — TKXS WEEK OTTL.T.
I MELBOURNE
| MacDOWELL |
In a Magnificent Production of Bardou's
| CLEOPATRA |
Next Sun.' Mat.— EMPRESS THEODORA.
PRICES — 15c. 25c. 50c and "5c.
CALIFORNIA
ANOTHER OVATION
a TO THE FAVORITES. 1
H GREATEST COMEDY HIT EVER If
ra known. U
I our NEW MINISTER I
U THE FAMOUS ALL-STAR CAST. |J
tfl Ernest Hastings. Joseph Conyers. K*.
Ea Charles Stedman. John Barker. |{
fi Louis Fierce. Fred Mower. gi
i| John P. Brawn. Grant Foreman. ' ||
f| Gertrude Perry. W. C. Tanner. |1
M Clara Rainrord. Phila May. fj
n GET YOUR SEATS EARLY FOR 1
\ft THIS ATTRACTION. U
TIV0LM
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT.
superb Production ot the Greatest Musical
Comedy
I. Delightful
* Singers
A CJever
XjL ' Actors
I runawaFI
An - firTRT " In *
Immense VJAaIJLJ Girl
Success f I . Chorus
Usual Tivoli Prices— 25c, 50c, 75c
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
Sembrich
! Assisted by RUDOLPH GANZ. Pianist.
ALH AA\B-R A
.ffiFS&kitr TONIGHT
Entirely New Programme.
Beats— $3. 12, $1, at Sherman. Clay & Co,'»
FLORAL EXHIBITION
-^OF THE—
Pacific Coast
I Horticultural Society
Vn«>' IZS. 13. I-4-, I9O4.
GRAND NAVE. FERRY BUILDING.
CONCERT EACH EVENING.
SPECIAL FEATURES DAILY.
ADMISSION.. ......23 CENTS
AJIUFESIElTTSk
v UkUfflBIA mm imm
- SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Last Six Nights Matinee S*tunl*»
THE GREAT FUN SHOW.
Klaw ft Ertenger Present
-^^f^ ROGERS
and 110 Entertainers In Jchn J. McN'any**
Latest Vaudeville Farce.
THE ROGERS BROTHERS IN' LONDON
CCAT P Thursday. 9 a. m.
OLMI CALL p or All Appearances-
I MR. RICHARD
Mon. May 19, Sat. May 21. Tom. May 2t.
IVAN THE TERJUI5l>E: Tues. May 17. F>1.
Mar 20. Mon.. May 2a. Thurs. May 26. Matin-*
May 2S. OLD HEIDELBERG; WM. May If,
A PARISIAN ROMANCE; Thurs. May 19. Mat.
May 21. Wed. May 25. BEAU BRUMMEL:
Fri. May 27. DP.. JEKYLL and MR. HYDE:
Eat. May 28 ifarewell night), a scene from
each of five plays.
Prices — Gallery 5Oc & 73c: Balcony $t. $1.50
A J2; Low«r floor $2.5O; Boxes aod Loses $13.
Positively no orders taken In advance of aaJ*
day. Those in line Thurs. reornlns will hav»
first choice of seats. Mail orders with remit-
tance filled first day ot sale.
MME. SLAP0FFSK1,
England's Grmtest Prim* Donna So-
prano; Midglsy and Carlisle; Clara
BaUerinl; Gearjro K. "Wood; BiUerial'*
Dog's; Davli, Macauley aatf Company |
Sisters Oasch; Hal Merrttt; Brandow
and Wiley, and Orpavnm Motion Pic-
tures.
Regular Matlne* Every "Wednesday. Thnrs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c. 23o
and 60c.*
A T i*\ A T A T* Belasco A Maysr.
ALCAZAR rsr^ssr
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— Mats, Thursday and BataTday.
First Time In San Francisco.
"¦"¦"TT^-*. success or
T \A/C-^ TWO CO3TT131IMT8
SCHOOLS
A French Comedy by Alfred Cs,pa«.
Thursday Matinees Besomed This Week.
Erg., 25c to 75c; Mats. Thar. & Sat.. 23o to SOe.
Xext Monday— Julia Marlowe's Success.
- co^m ii'jrr jj
A Comedy-Draiaa by Henry Ony Carletoo.
GENTRAL'«m
Market si., near Eighth, Fhons South 633.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Celebrated Re*
mantle Drama.
The Three Musketeers
Founded on the Matchless Novel of tho Easae
Name by Alexander Dumas.
BRILLIANT CAST! SUPERB SCENERY I
GORGEOUS COSTUMES'
150 PEOPLE ON THE STAGE — 150.
DDlfTC Evenings 10c to Me
r KILLS Matinees 10c. 15c. 23«
Hext — "BOWIT BT TSB BSA.**
BARR AND EVANS, FLO ADLER
And a Great Show Every Af ternooa aaa
Evenln; la the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MX2TXATUBS EXiXCTBXO BAIXAOA9
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY In the
Zoo.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT. -
CIRCULATE on the FERRIS WHEEL.
AlXATEUXt mOST TST7SSSAT.
Admission. 10c; Children, So. ¦•
Industrial
Exposition
MECHANICS' PAVILION I
APRIL 30 to May 15.
NATIVE SONS' AND DAUGHTERS' NI6HT
TO-NIGHT.
SPECIAIi FEATURES.
CONCERTS DAY AND NIGHT BY BEN-
NETT'S CONCERT BAND.
SOUVENIR FANS TO ALL CHILDREN.
Afternoons, I V> 8; eventngs. T:30 V> 18:30-
— opEi arnrDATS— —
Weekly Call $1.00 Der Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Chas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 3O years. Allow no one
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
'* Jnst-as-good " are but Experiments, and endanger the
health of Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing- Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Jfarcotlo
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep*
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend. '
The Kind You Have Always Bought
\m Bears the Signature of
, In Use For Over 30 Years.
THE CljlTHUH COMMITV. TT HUM1I STHCKT. NEW yean CITY.9
©
©
Jack Du Bois Wins With Two Hun
dred String Contest In Which He
; % Is Spotted Fifty Points.
Du Bois beat Sigourney at M or ley's
billiard, parlors last.night in a 200-150
point game, fourteen-inch balk line.
;,The : game was exciting from", .the
outset and both players did fine work.
Sigourney came through | with a high
run of 95, while Du Bois ran up 26.
Sigourney's average for the game
was 7% and Du Bois' was A%.
Jim Morley will play .Dr. Burns to
night on the same table in a 150-polnt
ga;me r even.
SIGOURNEY IS BEATEX
IX TOURNAMENT GAME
Third race, four furlongs, selling — Torpedo
won. De Grammont second, . Horsian : third.
Time, :51%.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling — Wlnne
frcda won, Jake Ward second. Cloverton third.
Time. 1:18.
Fifth- race, one mile, selling — Elle won. Bell
Ileywood eecond. Foncasta third. Time. 1:45^.
i Sixth rac«. one mile, selling — Lustlg won.
Golden Mineral second, Volto third. Time
1:44',*. ¦ ¦•
First race, fcur and a half furlongs —
Speaker Fontana won, Platoon second, Fred
HornbecH third. Time. :6SM.
Second race. «ix furlongs — Agnes Brennan
won Jorette second, Blumentbal third. Time,
1:17%.
Fourth race,, the Bluegrass stakes, six and
a half furlongs — , Good Cheer won, Merry
Pioneer second. Brand -New third. Time,
I:22V4..
Fifth race, selling, four and a half fur
longs — MgrIc won. Cutter second. Green Gown
third. Time, :5GV«.
Sixth race, one mile. Felling — Annie Max
won. Dr. Stuckey second, Malakoff third. Time,
1:42%.
' KANSAS CITY. May 9.— Results:
LOUISVILLE* Ky., May 0.— Results:
First race, selling, four and a half furlongs —
Walsetto won. The Loretle second. Flora
Handsome third. Time, :f>7%. .
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Jake
Greenberp won. Amorous second. Quiz II third.
Time, 1:16.
Third race, handicap, one mll« — Autolight
won. Coruscate second, Talpa third. Time,
1:42. :::¦¦. ¦ ,- '
Results of Regular Races at Louis
ville and Kansas City.
TRIE MADE ON TRACKS.
First Race — Ort Wells, Coppelia,
Lord of the Valle>\
Second Race — Trepan, Tepee, Ella
Snyder.
Third Race — St. Bellane, Highborn,
Court Plaster.
Fourth Race — Rob Roy, Sheriff
Bell, Unmasked.
Fifth Race— Rob Roy, Go Between,
Monadnock.
Sixth Race— Rosethit, Colonsay, Eu
genia Burch.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First Race — Peggy Mine, Jade, Dun
dall. ;/v
Second Race — Major Johnson,
Thnne, Anna Beall.
Third Racii — Luzarion, Charlie's
Aunt, Lady Lasca.
Fourth Race — Komombo, Suave,
Commodore, ,
Fifth Race — Blaclnvolf, Lord
Touchwood, Jove.
Sixth Race — Early Eve, Soldier,
Slarcos. f^'fe';
WORTH SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK, May 9.— The Morris
Park entries for to-morrow are:
First race, six furlongs of Wither* mile,
three-year-olds — Ort Wells 104, Mercury 101.
Hippocrates 10S, Huckley A 104* Coppelia 00,
Flnsr Offh.fr 104, Lord of the Valley 111, Ap
oliinarls 'JO. Phaser 104.
Second race, seven-eighths of Withers mile,
selling— Mackey Dwyer 109. Ella Snyder 101,
Tepee 00. Trepan 103, Inquisitive Girl 06. Elsie
L, 107, Honolulu 100, Lord Melbourne 100.
Third race, four and a half furlonps of
Eclipse course, tillies nnd geldlnes, two-year
olds—St. Bellane 114, Court Plaster 110, Mon
Amour 110, Thirty Third 107, Bulwark 107,
Hish Born 107, Lincroft 107.
Fourth race, Withers mile, the Harlem— Lord
Advocate 111, Charles Elwood 111. Unmasked
111. Andy Williams 110, Tol San 92. Alcela 108,
Rcb Itoy 00. Palette 84, Sheriff Bell 106,
Brigand 106, Champlain SO.
Fifth race, seven furlongs of Wlthers^mlle —
Go Between 08, Monadnock 07. Embarrassment,
100, Burning Glass 113, Rob Roy 91, Judge
Denton 91, John F. Ahem 94, N'evermora 106.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth over the
hill, handicap— Shorthose 126, Eugenia Burch
J1C. Roeetlnt 110, Jacquin 106, Colonsay 100,
Hello »», The Southerner 95, Hiawatha 83.
.. Weather olear, track drying:.
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
Never before In the of the
city has an election been so Quiet and
unless it is livened up this week It is
believed a very light vote will be cast.
SAM JOSE, May 9. — A week from
to-day occurs the city election. The
campaign has been one of the quiet
est in the history of the city and but
very little enthusiasm has been
aroused. It will be a contest between
the Hayes and Mackenzie forces. The
Hayes forces are back of the city ad
ministration, which has been in full
power in the city for the last two
years.
The administration is running on
what is known as the Citizens' ticket.
Those on the ticket are: Mayor,
George D. Worswick; City Clerk, Jo
seph A. Beloli Jr.; Treasurer, H. D.
Mathews; Councilman, Second Ward,
J. F. Carey; Councilman, Third Ward,
Wesley L. Pieper. All of these, with
the exception of Pieper, are now hold-
Ing office.
The opposition is running what is
known as the People's ticket A. E.
Shumate, at present City" Superintend
ent of Schools, is the. nominee for
Mayor; City Clerk, Roy Walter;
Treasurer, Joseph A. Lotz; Council
man, Second . Ward t H. W. Otter;
Councilman, Third Ward, D. J. Mc-
Ginley.
Headquarters are maintained by the
Worswick people in the theater build
ing and they have been doing some ac
tive work for the last two weeks. Last
Monday evening they held their main
meeting of ; the campaign and each
evening they hold a ward meeting.
Saturday last the Shumate forces
opened headquarters- in the' Knox
block. As yet they have held no meet
ing, but it is believed they will in
augurate their campaign during the
coming week.
There is bu£ one office for which
there are three .candidates k and that
is the office of Treasurer. Alex P.
Murgotten' is running independent of
the two tickets for the place.
Hayes and Mackenzie Forces Are Op
posing, but Campaign Is
Xot Lively.
LITTLE ENTHUSIASM
IX SAX JOSE POLITICS
Portland in La Crosse Ijeajjue.
• SEATTLE, May 9. — At a meeting of
the Northwest La Crosse 'League held
here* yesterday Portland was admitted
*es a member and practically a new
pchedule was adopted. Dr. W. B.
Braden, who organized the Portland
"team, and R. A. Stewart represented
Portland at the meeting, and Dr. Bra
• den was elected second vice president.
The league now comprises Seattle, Ta
coma, Portland and Everett.
First Race — Moroki, Illuminate,
Cressida.
Second Race — Major Outlook, Wil
lowdene, John Randolph.
Third Rac^— Tower, Claremonu,
Short Cake.
Fourth Race— Kindred, I.ucian, Gay
American.
Fifth Raee — Mcmphlan, Pyrrho,
Tickful.
Sixtli Race— Broodier, Potente,
Velasquez.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
ENTRIES AT WORTH.
CHICAGO, May 9.— The following are
the entries for the races at Worth for
to-morrow:
First race, four and a half furlomrs, two
year-olds, soiling — Gretchen Hope 92, Midalma
9S, Al Casey 11H>. Foxy Grandpa 100, Dundall
101. Jade 102. My Eloanor 104, Raymond K
101, Dipper 100. The Trlfler- 110, Peggy Mine
111.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Anna
Bcall W. Marlon 100, Bab 100, Beeves 103.
Mayor Johnson 105, June Collins 105. Van
Ness 106, Jaubert 107, Barkelmore 107, Colonel
Tyler 107. Safeguard 107, Postman 10!), Censor
110. Ontonagxm 100, Joe Martin 112, Thane 113.
Third race, four furlong?, two-year-olds —
Gertie Allen 100. Kid Weller 103. Jim Canale
10.*.. Tada 10.3. Sterling Price 103. Colonel
Preston, 103. It. I... Johnson 107, Ijuzarion 107,
Lady I^ai»ca 109, Charley's Aunt 100.
Fourth race, fix furlongs, handicap — Cham
blee 102. Puave 102, Father Tallent 10.1. Creole
Jim 102. Komombo 102, Cardinal Wolsey 110.
Commodore 111. (Komombo and Cardinal
Wolsey, Street entry.)
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Miss Rillie Sfl,
Cay 88, Ethel -Scruggs 91, Plautus 93, Black
wolf 06, Eleven Bell* 101, Alma Girl 102. Lord
Touchwood 104. Omdurman 107, Jove 112.
Sixth rare, one mile, selling— Ijc.v/ Kraft 101,
Misanthrope 01, Lampoon 08, Soldier of For
tune 09, ChantreKe 102, Benson Caldwell 103,
Star Gazer 109. Marcos 111. Barly Eve 111.
Weather cloudy: track heavy.
LONDON, May 9. — There were
more than eighty contestants in the
stroke competition to-day, prepara
tory to the opening of the ladies' golf
championship meeting at Troon, Scot
land, to-morrow. The contest was in
teresting because for the last five
years the winner of the stroke compe
tition has eventually won the cham
pionship. Miss Glover, the Scottish
champion, went the rounds in magnif
icent form in 81, easily the best score.
Miss Dorothy Campbell took 86, Miss
May Hazlett, the former champion, 87,
and Miss Rhoha Adair, the interna
tional champio'n, 8S. Miss Higgins of
the Midlothian Club, Chicago, was the
only American competitor. She play
ed so poorly that she did not turn in
her score.
Scotland Carries Off Honors for Golf
Championship Trials.
TRY-OUT ON* STROKE.
Special Dispatch to The Call
RIO JANEIRO. May 9.— A dispatch
from Manaos announces that an im
portant battle has been bought between
the Brazilian forces and the Peruvians
near the River Chandles. The Peru
vians were completely routed.
The Brazilian troops under General
Madeiros started from Manaos, going
directly to the front. In spite of the
importance of this news it is the gen
eral opinion here that there will not
be a war between Peru and Brazil. The
Peruvian Minister to Brazil has hand
ed'to Baron Rio Branco a note on the
situation, which is understood to be
couched in very friendly terms.
The note proposes an extension of
the property rights of both countries
in the disputed Acre territory, without
taking into account the actual occu
pation of the district.
PETALUMA ENTERTAINS
THE HERMANN SON'S
Delegates From the Various Lodges
in the State Attend the Session
of the Grand Lodge.
PETALUMA, May 9. — The twenty
pixth annual session of the Grand
Lodge of Hermann Sons convened in
this city this morning at Gross Hall.
Organization and opening routine,
with reports, occupied the day. Be
sides the eighty-two delegates in at
tendance many other visitors are pres
ent. Representatives from the five
sister lodges of the State have accom
panied the Hermann Sons on their
visit. To-night a grand banquet was
held at Turner Hall, attended by mem
bers of the Grand Lodge, Petaluma
Lodge, city officials and prominent
citizens. Acting Mayor E. E. Drees,
turned the keys of the city over to
Grand President Hahn. Supervisor
Oscar Hocks of San Francisco acted
as toastmaster. Preceding the ban
quet Company C's band gave an open
air concert in the plaza. On Tuesday
the Grand Lodge will convene at 9
a. m.. closing at 5 p. m. Wednesday
will be devoted to the entertainment
of the visitors.
Santa Fe Employes in Sympathy With
Machinists Lay Down Their
Tools.
BOILERMAKERS STRIKE:
BLACKSMITHS LOCKED OUT
SAN BERNARDINO. May 9. — At
9:15 o'clock this morning all the boil
ermakers and helpers employed in the
Santa Fe shops here laid down their
tools and walked out, the strike hav
ing been called in sympathy with the
striking machinists, who went out two
weeks ago. In all about 150 men went
out this morning. There has been no
trouble or disorder, either at the shops
or elsewhere, the men simply laying
down their tools 'and leaving the
shops. As yet no non-union men have
been brought in to take the places of
the strikers, although it is reported
that new men will be put to work to
morrow. The blacksmiths and their
helpers were locked out.
Will Raise Funds by Concert.
SANTA GRUZ, May 9. — The con
cert cantata, "Rose Maiden," by Fred
eric H. Cowen, is to be presented on
Friday evening at the opera-house
for the benefit of the free library. The
cast of soloists is: Soprano, Miss Kate
Banter; contralto, Miss Olive Fagen;
tenor, "SV. Mi Aydelotte; barytone, P.
A. Izant; basso, B. H. Bush; conduc
tor, P. C. Tucker; accompanist, Mrs.
P. C. Tucker.
MARTSVILL.E, May 9. — An auction
sale of the spring clip of wool of Tuba
and Sutter counties was held at the
Garrett Company's warehouses here
to-day. A total of 117,570 pounds was
disposed of at prices ranging from 15
to 17?i cents.
Auction Sale of Spring Wool.
Suspicious Acts Cause Arrest.
TV. J. Cameron, who claims to be a
broker, was taken into custody by
Patrolman John Sullivan of the Sev
enteenth-street station last evening on
account of his strange conduct in a
vacant house at 1666 Alabama street.
Some days ago he rented the house
and has since visited it, accompanied
by a woman. Neighbors thought they
heard scuffling and called upon the
police to investigate. As a result
Cameron was arrested as he was leav
ing the premises last evening. His
explanation was satisfactory to the
police and he was released.
SALT LAKE. Utah, May 9.— At the monthly
meeting of the board of directors of the Dalj
West Mining Company to-day the monthly
dividend rate was reduced from €4 to 40 cent*.
No action was taken on the proposition U
make quarterly dividend payments Instead of
monthly and It was stated none would b«
taken this year at least.
JCrror*— Brashrar. Hall O. C. Hail. Nordyke.
Egan. Earned runs — Seattle 2. Ta»oma 2.
Two-base hits — Urafhear. Ru«» Hall. Lynch.
Three-base hit — DWahanty. Stolen bast-F — Moh
ler Drlahanty. Krisk. Xordyke. Sacrlflc* hits
* — *rti»liler. Smith. Wilson. Double plays — Mohler
to Brashear; Nordrkp to Lynch, i'.avs on
V>aMs — OfT C. Hall. 3; eft* St. Vrain. 5. Hit by
Ball— By C. Hall, 1. Struck out— by Hall. 4;
by St. Vrain. H. "Wild pitches— «t. Vrain. 2.
Viree of jrame — Or.? liour and flfty-flve minutes.
Umpire— Huston.
SUMMARY
Fail*, to Hit Young Hall, the
Ventura Pitcher.
. * ."SEATTLE. Wash.. May 9.— With the
exception of the second inning Tacoma
could not hit Charlie Hall, the young
Ventura. Cal.. pitcher Seattle is try
4ns out. St. Vrain was easy. Score:
Seattle — I Tacoma — ¦
* ABR.H. P.Ai AB.R. H. P.A.
Van H, ct 5 2 » 2 0 Casey 2b :t 0 1 S S
MOhlr. 2b 5 2 2 .-5 4. Qntm. rf 4 1 - I 3 1
Dlhty, ,-;b4 .'{ 2 B 1 Xrdyk, lb 2 0 « X 1
(TUk If. 3 :s 1 * OEgan f=...t 1 1 2 1
t-^nith rf. 4 Os'2 « <» Lynch. :Jb 4 1 V 3 2
JJrt-hr. lb. :: «• 2 <i iMI^n If 4 « 1 1 1
'Hall. t... 4 I 1 1 Orahm c 4 O O f> 2
"Wilson, c 2 «» 1 & 2Hopin'cf 4 " O « «•
fflliiU. p 4 <» <r 1 «i St. Vrn. |> 4 O 0 « 3
Total*. 51 11 14 27 U] Tota'..= "2 " 5 24 33
HUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Foattle 2 « O « 4 1 3 1 x— 11
."Base btta 2 «• «» O 4 '_• :: 3 x— 14
• Iflconu «t «• «i <» l> O 1 O — 3
Base hits <• -" « «• 1 «' *> 1 « — 5
VICTOKV IXJK SEATTIJE.
Dispatch Announces That
the Brazilians Are Vic
tors in. Important Battle
OAKLAND, May 9. — Mike McClure
and "Dutch* 1 Thurston, who meet In
a fifteen-round contest before the Se
quoia Athletic Club to-morrow even
ing, have finished their training and
are under the required weight. Both
of the men are game, aggressive fight
ers and they should put up a good
fight.
Thurston is a favorite in the bet
ting on account of his greater ring ex
perience and the fact that he already
has a decision over McClure, but the
latter is confident of turning the ta
bles on his opponent to-morrow even
ing.
and Are Well Below the Re
quired Weight.
Both Men Have Trained Faithfully
McCLURE AXD THUKSTOX
AWAIT TAP OF THE GONG
PERU'S TROOPS
ARE DEFEATED
SEVENTH RACE— The Wlthere mile*; three
yeav-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1.. Delhi, 107 (Redfern) 3 1 3 1 %
7 to l..Hurstbourne, 124 (MartlnH 8 1 2 3
13 to 1. .Himself. 98 (D.O'Connor).2 6 2 3 2
Time, 1:40'^. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. R. Keene's b. c; by Ben Brush-
Veva, Button*, Jacquin, Sais, Lord Badge,
Athei; Gettysburg, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; maree; three
year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 2..Mlneola. 101 (Cormack).. I 22 11
r. to 2..\Vitohcraft,101 (H.Phllps)2 .12 2 3
10 to 1..T. Heather. 101 (Hlldbnd)4 13 3 8
Time, 1 :2S. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. H.i B. Duryea's ch. f. by Meddler-Hurley
Burley. Dazzling-, Palette. Hetty G. finished
as named.
FIFTH RACE*— Sis. furlongs; three-year
olds; the Crotona handicap:
Bettlnir. "Horse. "Welgfit Jockey.' St. *i Fin.
0 to S.. Hurst Park, 118 (Odom). 5 4 2 12
8 to 1..D. Spanker. 110 (Redfrn)l 11 2 1'4
5 to L.Koohinoor, 100 (Hlldbnd).C 2 2 3 4
Time. 1:14. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner. M. Corbett's ch. c. by Kingston-
Editha, Lux Cnsta. Young Henry, Savable.
Tomcod, High Chancellor, Race King, finished
as named.
Time. 1:10 4-5.' Start bad. Won easily.
Winner, "Albemarle Stable's ch. f. by Octagon-
Fide". Out of Reach. Nlskayuna. Lady Pru
dence. Step Away, TKhonie, Candidate, Mem
phis. Silver Root, Miss Eugenia, Dancing
Bells, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Eclipse course; maiden
thr«>e-year-olds and up: purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
16 to r»..Fine Art, »8 (Cormack). 1 11 14
20 to 1.. Ascetic, 100 (P.Calahn). B 4h 2h
6IO1..B. Brook 90 (H.Philps).ll 01 3 'i
' Time. :53 3-5. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner, W. Bleeds b. ' c. by Jim Gore-Twitter.
Miss Bryant, Polly Ann, Leydon, Merces,
Madam Satan, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selllnc:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
4 to 5.. Merry Lark, 101 (J.MrtinH 11 12
7 to 1 . .Sportsman. 101 (P.Cchrn).l 2 3 2S
6 to ].. Judas, IM (Crimmins) 3 5 5 3 «
SECOXD RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Flu.
13 to r»..Muozon, 98, <Cormack). . .4 1 «4 1 n
10tol..L. Buttercup.OD (C.Smitli)S 8 1 2h
» to 5..Metropole, 101 (S.Philips)i 2h.S2
Time. :53 2-5. Start eood. Won driving.
Winner, H. Meyer's b. g. by His Hlghness-
Milsme. Tarpon, Kiligree, Massapequa, Esther,
Good Rill, finished as named^
MORRIS PARK, May 9.— r;The rac
ers bred by Mesers. Keene, 'at their
Castleton stables in .Kentucky ran
first, second and third in the Crotona
handicap at Morris Park to-day, while
another of their breeding won the last
race. Both of the Keenes saw a dou
ble triumph ¦ of their race horses.
Again, as in ,the Toboggan handicap,
was Hurst Park the hero to-day. This
time, however, while he won, a merry
pace was set by his relative. Dolly
Spanker. To-day he made all the
running, and it was only in the last
furlong that he showed indications of
"'coming back." Then it was that
Odom, who had ridden Hurst Park
with patience, called on him and his"
response was generous, he winning by
two lengths. Dolly Spanker lasted
long enough to save second place from
Kohinoor. Thus three Kingston colts
were first, second and third. The pace
was fast, as the track was still "dead"
from a heavy rain this morning. Sav
able and High Chancellor were added
to the starters and ran fairly well, the
latter, however/getting off badly.
FIRST RACE— Six and a halt furlonsi;
three-year-olds and upward; purse:
Jocund, 10S (Hlldebrand). walk over.
Time. 1 :22 3-5. Winner J. A. Drake's ch.
c. by Allrthful-Flower Dellls.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SIXTH, RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; sell I tic:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
3 to 1.. Stroller. 102 (Oliphant). .1 12 15
:t to 2..Spen«?rian. 01 (Nice,:) 3 2h 21
ir; to L.Mamselle, OS <Mdntyre).4 31 3 U,
Time, l:f>2 1-f.. Start cood. Won canter
ing. Winner, H. T. (Irlfrtn's b. g. 4, by Orna
merit-Promenade. Lou "Woods 93 Last Knight
102, Give .All 107, finished as named.
Time, 1:45 4-.Y Start fcoo<l. Won easily.
Winner, William Hedges & Co.'s t>. g. 4, by
l'hotnix-Kola. Jerry Lynch 05, Safety Lignt
104, Arab 02, finished as named.
FIFTH RACD— One mile; three-year-olds
and uj>:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. •% Fin.
7 to 2<>. .(.Jreeor K. 107 U.Mthws)3 11 12.
VI to l..Ink. .103 (Henry) « 4 L'5 2<i.
si to ::.. Forehand. 1>5 (Fischer)..! 2 2 3 7.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up;« handicap:
Betting. Horse, Wright. Jockey. Ft. *i Fin
10 to 1.. Baywood. »2 (Xicol) 1 16 1*4
7 to L.Rankin, f»4 (Mi-Intyre). . .5 5 U 2 ifc
6 to L.Albula. 10.'. (Henry) 3 2% 3 1>i
Time, 1 :3.{. Start good: Won handily. Win
ner. T. J. McHale & Co.'s b. c. .::. by Wood
Moss-Miss Lizzie H. Toscan 110, Typhonlc
103, Ahola 9t'«, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Four furlongs; two-year
olds:
Hettlng. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to i..Flaxman, 116 (Prior) 7 1 'j 1 1
1 to 1..R. L. Johnsn. 112 (Dean). 4 2 1 2 nU
3u to 1. .SUverskin, 105 (OllphanO.H 3 nk :< 1
Time. :51 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner C. E. Dumell's b. c, by Hough nnd
Ready-Mistral. Falona 102. Little Harry 103,
Dixie Andrews 102. Arthur Stillwell 102, Great
Heart 115, finished as named.
SKCOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds:
netting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. •% Fin.
10 to 1..G. Eastern, U*i (Henry). 6 2 \t 1 >4
!) to 2..rH!sky. TO (Sherwood). . .4 1 Vj 2 1
6 to '.'..Frechman, 105 (J.Boker).2 5 ',* 3 2
Time. 1:19. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, M. H. Tichenor & Co.'s br. c. by Hand
some-Austerity. Misanthrope fiS, Hroakness
103, St. Merrylegs 98. .Sol Smith 110, Falernmn
105. Jessie U 105, Krlcula H<0. finished as
named.
A sufficient number of mudlarks,
however, happened to be entered in
each event to enable the management
to present a fairly good programme.
The feature of the afternoon was a
seven-furlong handicap, which resulted
disastrously to the talent. Toscan was
played so hard that his odds were
forced from 6 to 5 to 9 to 10. He se
cured no part of the money, however,
the race being won by Baywood at 10
to 1, which was given a clever ride by
Jockey Nichols. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds; fillies:
Betting. Horse, AVelght. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
11 to 10.. C. Berry, 112 (Ollphant).7 1 10 1 1V4
CO to L.Raviana. 107 (Preston). .« 3% 22
25 to L.Lady Witt. 112 (Dean). .4 2 >.» " i
Time. 1 :00 2-5. Start good. Won palloplng.
Winner, J. F. Newman's ch. f. by Kancocas-
Dead Cinch. Broadway Girl 112, Helen Con
nelly 107. Pedasla ll'.\ Cernovia 107, Lou Mer
rell 112, Telephone Belle 107, finished as named.
CHICAGO, May 9.— Heavy overnight
rain turned the fast speedway as it
was left at Worth on Saturday into
a soft and slow one to-day. The
changed track conditions played havoc
with the card and It was peppered with
scratches.'
Special Dispatch to The Call,
LOS ANGELES. May 9. — John Jef
fries, brother of the champion pugil
ist, has been holding the linemen of
the Kern River Light and Power
Company at bay with a shotgun for
six weeks. The linemen attempted to
string a line of high voltage wires
through a lot of pine trees planted by
the elder Jeffries at the old home
stead. Poles forty fee*t high, but
twenty feet shorter than the trees,
were set up.
When the linemen commenced to
chop up the first pine the champion's
mother remonstrated and was given
cold comfort. The second tree went,
too. Then John took the family shot
gun and planted himself In the lower
limbs of the third. He told the men
what he would do if they touched an
other branch and business was sus
pended. He has been on euard con
stantly. To-day he asked the author
ities for relief.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Martin Canole is being kept busy for
his fight on the 2Qth with "Battling"
Nelson, and though the date is Just ten
days off he devotes his whole time to
light gymnasium work and shadow
boxing.
Jack Burke, who is preparing for his
match with Rufe Turner two days
later, will act asNsparring partner for
Canole as soon as the latter decides to
begin heavy boxing.
Canole still feels confident of his abil
ity to outbox the vanquisher of Spider
Welch, but admits that he expects no
easy time of it.
Canole is even now not far above the
stipulated 'weight and gives this as his
reason for delaying the road work and
boxing. Both men, however, are stead
ily digging into the punching bags. '
Jack Burke is matched to meet Rufo
Turner before the Stockton Athletic
Club on the 18th of this month.
Champion Rodenbach arrived in the
city last night. He announces that
his match with Sam Berger 4 of the
Olympic Club will be at Mechanics'
Pavilion on May 25.
DPXMAU PAKK KXTRIES
ST. LOUIS, May 9.— The entries for
the races at Delmar to-morrow are:
Fir«t race Fix furlongs, selling— Gus Dix f>C,.
Lou Beach * 102 Granden 100. Rusonai 102.
Never Smile 100. Illuminate 101. Patrlcius 05.
Crissida 04. Faqulta 301. Wellesley SS.'MoronJ
US, Nan Dora '.Mi.
Second rare, four furlong?, purse — John Ran
dolph 109 Major Outlook 101». Liquozone 10!».
Any Hags 112. Inflammable 105, l^auree t, 112,
Dromio 112. Wlllowdlne 112.
Third race. Fix furlongs, pursp — Lena W duon
100. Tower 102, St. Agnes II 100. Short Cake
jor>" <_'laremont 105.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap) — Fickle
Paint !<-¦;. Lucian V-i, Gay American 97, Kindred
Fifth race, mile and seventy yard?. Felling-
Larry Wilt 101) Blrdwood 106, Pyrrho IOC,
Memphian 107. Frank Rice 100. Sister LilUan
100 Decoration 102 Second Mate 105, South
Bre'eze 101. Tickful 101.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Sting 0C,
Lovable K!2, Nabocklish 109, Velasquez Kit),
Potentf 104. John Doyle 1MJ. Princess Me »4,
Wail 88 Flora L«evy 94, ThlEbe 06. Broodier
10». Echo Dale 106.
u'Mthw clcudv: track heavy.
SIXTH RACK — One and a. fifteenth miles:
Pettin*?. Horse. Woight. Jockey. St. *i Fia.
7 to 10. .Neversurh.' 101 (Swain).:; fill Ih
10 to L.Hurena, 102 r\V. Davis). r» 5h 2 1
i> to 1..I... Wilt. 112 (W.WatsorOU * h ." l'-i
Time. 2:<i5> 4 . Kxapo. Illuminate, Arnold K.
finished as named.
FIFTH RACK— Six furlonjF.:
Bmlnc Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
fi to '-'..Lasso. K>1 <McMullen)...4 4 1 15
7 to 1. -Alno. K>7 iFauntleroy). . .t> SI 2 nk
7 to 2..Dooskin. Ol» (L.. Williams). 2 1 h 35
Time. 1 :2<>. I'raniuin. Irby Bennett, Dolly
Gray. Condrum. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile and seventy
BmlnK. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 5.. Jordan 10«J (D.Austin). . .3 18 IS
IS to 5... I. Young:. 107 (Wallace). 1 » 2 4
« to 5..fc*troder. 107 <Gu!lett) 2 22 3
Time, 2:00 s ;. Three starters.
THmD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year
olds: ., £¦;
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. -4, Fit).
9 to 6 .P Orna. 110 (D.Austin). .3 12 11
7 to 1..G' Adelalde.106 <\Y.Wtsn)7 2h 2 2 .
14 to 5.. Dishabille. J1O (Fntlroy).6 4 nk 3 1
Time :5»H- Passive. Fair Unna, Hello
Girl. Nettle George, nnirhed In the order
named.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs: three-year
olds :
Betting:. Horse. Welgfct, JocUey. St. *i Fin.
11 to 6..TTapwtter. 11:1 <Troxl«r).5 3 1 In
4 to 1..M. Wadlelrh. 65 (nice). .4 1 nk 1 ns
CO to 1 . .Caybon. 102 (Cooolo) 1 7 nk S 2
Time 1:15. Harry B. Hawea. Yellmantown.
King's 'Charm. Dick Klpley. Dale, finished as
named.
6T. LOUIS. May 9.— Over a track
eight seconds Blow, Jordan. T. P.
Hayes' good horse, made a show of
Jack Young In to-day's Delmar fea
ture. Jordan, a stretch runner, for the
first time in his career made a front
run for the entire distance. Over the
heavj-. unsafe track, five favorites won
to-day.
Mose Goldbalt. owner of Rainland.
to-day offered to pit his colt against any
horse in St. Louis for $1000 ' a side,
to race any time within thirty days.
The challenge was the result of the
defeat of Rainland In the Mound City
Derby. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four ana a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Ilors«. Weight, Jockey. St. *« Fin.
4 to l-.Gasconne. 107 (Troxler)..4 2 5 11
Oto8..Zlnda. 107 (D. Austin). ..8 1 4 2 JO
3 to 2.. Miss Powell. 107 (\Valace)2 3 10 d -'0
Time. 1:00. Joe Graham also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i BRISTOL, Tenn.. May
doubt the body discovered near Keliey
View on Black Mountain. Wise Count* •
Virginia, is that of Edward L. W enU.
the young millionaire. Friends of ttu.
family are positive that there can be
no mistake as to his identity.
It will be noon to-morrow before in_
father can reach the scene. An inquest
will be held Immediately upon his ai
rival, when it is expected addltiona
Important facts and circumstances will
be revealed.
The spot where young "Wentz a boci>
was found is isolated, although not far
from a public road and very near the
place where his horse was found. Th«
body is remarkably well preserved W
have Iain in its present position for so
many months, but the features are not
recognizable. The identification was
made by clothing and by articles young
Wentz was known to have had in hi»
possession. His spurs, riding trouser*
and leggings were readily identified,
while within a few feet of his body
were a blue-bordered handkerchief
bearing the initials "E. L. W.." a re
volver, three chambers of which had
been discharged, eyeglasses worn by
the young man and his cuffs, from
which a pair of valuable buttons had
been removed.
The body lay as if Wentz had fallen
after a struggle.
The head rested on a piece of log.
while one leg was doubled back under
the body. The position Indicates iriur
der. There are holes In the coat that
appear to have been made by bullets.
Every Indication points to a battle be
tween Wejitz and his murderer, in
which the victim had fired three shots
from his revolver before he was killed.
After receiving the fatal shots he
evidently staggered back from where
he had taken his stand and fell, thus
accounting for the distance between
where his body lay and where his re
volver and eyeglasses were found.
What is regarded as the most probable
theory is that young Wentz was a vic
tim of moonshiners. It is known
a band of these men cherished enmity
toward him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.. ST. LOUIS. May J>.— The 'New York
National League team easily defeated
'Ft. Louis to-day in a game that was
Interrupted for nearly a quarter of an
hour by rain. Attendance £100. Score:
R. H. E.
ft I>ttU 17 4
.*>>w Tork 3 6 4
•*B*tteTle» — Ccrbftt and Orafly; McGir.r.ity and
empires — Moran and Johnstone.
* -CIN'CITCNATI. Ohio. May ». — Th« Brooklyn*
#tari«d off with a rush, but after the first tn
nir.r Kellutn had them sa> and did not allow
. «.ir.an to reach third. Attendance. 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
<?;nc!rrati 3 7 2
'Brooklyn ' 2 6 3
BatterW — Kf!!um ana Sch'.el; Cronln and
E.'rrrn. .Umpire— O'Day.
CHICAGO May 0.— Boston failed to «cor»
tifcauee of Inability to hit Welmer to-day. Only
two Borton men reached second base. Attend
. anc*. 1,100. Score:
• R. H. E.
Chlcaeo 6 • °
•Won 0 2 3
B&iterlnc — TtVelnser end Kllcr; PHtlngw and
I-'cran. UmpSre — Zlramer-
PITTSBURG. Pa.. May 9.— Tfcr*e hlU.
liflped by Doom's wild throw to second, gava
Flttsburg the game in the seventh lnninp. At
tendance. 2200. Score: «
R. H. -El
Pittebunr S 11 8
Fhjladelphla 2 8 2
RatterJe* — Pfclllppl and Pbelps; Lash and
Dooln. Umr'-re — Einslle.
AMCMICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. May 8— DunKe pitched
¦lx balls for four hits and two ruts In the first
Inning to-day and then retired In favor of
jVtten. The" locals won easily. Attendance,
£600. Fcore :
R. H. * E.
Washington S S 2
Philadelphia « 13 1
. Batter! e»— Dur.kle. Patten and Klttreflge;
I'lank and Power*.
Ohio. May 9. — Cleveland mad«
It thre» straSpht from' Uetroit to-day. Attend
ance. 1700. Srort:
n. h. e.
Cleveland 7 7 4
I*-tnoit 2 4 4
Battefies— Moore and Bemla; Mu'.Hn and
\V»d.
.Players Fail to Score a
: Single Run on Account of
.'. -Weimers Delivery of Ball
Pace Considered Fast, but
Track Was Dead, Owing to
Heavy Rains in Morning
After Keeping Guard for
Six Weeks the Young Man
Seeks the Court for Relief
Position of the Limbs Indi
cate That Victim Gamely
Resisted the Murderers
Toscpn. Played to Win the
Seven-Furlong Handicap,
Is Beaten by Bay wood
Owner of Rainland Oners
to Pit His Colt Against
Any Horse in St. Louis
In a Few Days He Will Spar
With Jack Burke, Who Is
Matched With Rufe Turner
KINGSTON COLTS LEAD
SAYS HE IS CONFIDENT
TALENT IS HARD HIT
DEFEATS JACK YOUNG
FOUND XEAE THE ROAD
HOLDS A LOxXG VIGIL
BOSTOX LOSES AGAIX
Rain Interrupts Game for
Fifteen Minutes While
' Two Thousand Fans Wait
Hurst Park Takes a Purse,
While Dolly Spanker Gets
in for the Second Money
Eain Turns Worth Speedway
Into Sloppy Course and
Mudlarks Enjoy an Outing
Boxer Devotes His Time to
Bag Punching and Other
Appliances of Gymnasium
Champion's Brother Defies
Attempts of Linemen to
Place Wires Across Lands
Leads the Entire Distance
\ in Mile Race Over a
Heavy Track at Delmar
Friends Are Positive That
Kemains Discovered Are
Those of the Millionaire
NEW YORK WINS
FROM ST. LOUIS
JORDAN MAKES
A FRONT RUN
MARTIN CANOLE
AT LIGHT WORK
HEAVY TRACK
SPOILS CARD
JEFFRIES USES
GUN TO DEFEND
WENTZ'S BODY
IS IDENTIFIED
KEENE'S HORSES
WIN CROTONA
TOSCAN LOSES THE SEVEN FURLONG HANDICAP AT WORTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1904.
' EDWARD HEATH REPORTED MISS
ING.—Edward Heath of • 242 Seventh «treet
was reported missing at the Morgue last night
by Ernest Howater of 210 Kills street. Heatb
has been missing since May 8 at noon. He is
24 years of age and waa - employed . by - the
American Can , Company. . ...
There will be a 112-dog stake at
Ingleside ¦ Coursing Park "every Sat
urday and Sunday afternoon begin
ning next Saturday.
Wfll Meet Twice a Week.
SANTA i CRUZ, May 9. —The annual
session of the California State Homeo
pathic Medical Society is. to ,. be held
in Santa Cruz •commencing' Wednes
day. 'Physicians from' every part of
the State are to meet at the Sea Beach
Hotel. 'Besides the -business 1 sessions
arrangements have been made /for a
banquet, ' excursions and • ah outing to
the big trees.
Convention : of -llomebpatl lists.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— The follow
ing ' Calif ornians ' have arrived: New
Willard — Mrs. C. Elwood s Brown, H.
P. Wilson and wife, Mr. and Mrs. E.
C. Hoelms and William Hoey of San
Francisco. :!v, V'
Cnlifornians in Washington.
10
o:eoocooocoooo««oo©oo«©«cooe©9oooecooo©e©©»eo©
| WORTH $1000 TO HIM!-|
o ,^^^ Mr. w. F. Quite oi Keno %
| Sings the Praises of Dr. |
% ]& ;^'g|pp| McLaugtilin's Belt. ©
• \\ 5 ; ' y^y) Reno, Ker., Mar. 10. 1904. ©
© i v/*^?rftC^rSr I3r ' McLAU^ hlln . ©
© V 4w*"-~^T$i Dear Sir: — I have been w*arins your O
¦ 9 . iV \$£ Belt a month to-<Jay. It Is all right, ®
© jX^. — ?£2esL fcr - ln addition to Improving my ceneral ®
© yg^K. health. It cured a sore hand that has
' © v^Wivk^^ / 'ffi^ tti$ *!TrTlrifc ccM mp S1000 ln doctors' bills and has O
*\«v • £Sk"^^^B^Hol¥^lfB\ '^kled me continuoufly fcr ten years. ©
S The pa!ns ln rny btlck and "* have §
1 l\\\V\\tttt\v^\ k^likMI n II nil 1 * one » nd »'^s' the r I think «»• Beit i* n
« TO\\\V,\\\ \\\ W Y'/'///// It ' /«/ ffcommend It. Thanking ycu for what gL
•¦ ' ill' >ou have don ' fcr me> ! " main> •
S Aun IT Will HIIRP Yflll •
• HnU II WILL uUnL lUUi 0
JT No man should be weak: no man should suffer the loss of that vital ele- 2*
Jj raer.t which renders life worth living. No man should allow himself to ~
• become less a man than nature Intended him: no man should suffer for the ©
• sins of his youth, when there is here at hand a certrfin cure" for his weak- ©
O ness, a check to his waste power. ©
© Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart, brain and •
O nerves, from which you men suffer, are due to an early loss of nature's ©
reserve power through mistakes of youth. Tou need not suffer for this. 9
a You can be restored. The very element which you have lost you can get 9
T • back, and you may be as happy as any man that lives.
S; My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory (free) will restore •
JJ your power. It will check all unnatural drains and give back the old vigor ©
© • of youth. f '9
9 What ails you? Write and tell me. and no matter where you are. I ©
• thiniv I can give you the address of some one In your town that 1 have 9
9 cured. I've cured thousands, and every man of them is a walking adver- Q
9 tiscment for my Belt. - a
9 Every man who ever used it recommends Jt because It Is honest. It. Z
9 dors great work and those whom I have cured are the more grateful be- Tj!
o cau^e the cure cost so little. **
Z, Kvery man who uses my Belt gets the advice and the counsel of a phy- ©
2* Rician fre* I can give you all that any medical man can give you. and a ©
2 lot that he can't. ©
» Try my Belt. Call or write me to-day for my beautifully illustrated; ©
9 book, with cuts showing how my Belt is applied and lots of good reading 9
9 for men who want to be "The Noblest Work of God." A MAN. Inclose this a
9. ad. and I will send this book, sealed, free. Call for free consultation. q
2 DR M C Mel AUGHLIN »oc maxxet st, Abore xaiu. ©
© Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. ©
® NEVER SOLD BT DRUG STORES OR AGENTS. ©
•••©•••••••••©•••••••©•••••©••••••••••••••«eS
Blood Troubles Jf||i
Bad blood is the source of numerous aches and pains |Sl *§£M*
and the cause of nearly all stubborn, long-continued dis- IZsP^ZMSk
eases. When the blood gets out of order, disease germs
and poisons of various kinds find their way into the cir- SfSKSSlllllK
culation and some serious trouble is the result. Rheu- vE&n&Qm£y&t>*
matism, Malaria, Old Sores and Ulcers, Scrofula, Anzemia" ra/nttaP3*U?
and many pustular or scaly skin eruptions, like Eczema' W&WSm&ffi
Salt Rheum and Tetter, have n wmswwi*
their beginning in bad blood, :wn*«™^f«r^ y . b !? o<^ M b * d » "'•?Ideneed by
and onlya remedy thatenters parSionSe bodr So K ?* oa dlff8r9nt
into the circulation and E!^ttt^iiS5^Sffi t ifi;tSy i S
Stroysthe germs arid poisons, nnmberof bottles-my blood was thoroughly puri-
can have any permanent good Z,® < l'.* n . d .? w »» relieved of all eruptions and
effect upon a disease of this S^ff^^J^t^ *S^H
character. r« yon ?* in need of " ch »»<"clne would do Win
You can t check a blood W"©"* Mn. c. E. SHOEJtABLEK.
disease by any external treat- 5ia E - P»tter»on St., Alliance, O.
ment ; the sores and ernptions that appear upon the surface of the body are
only manifestations or symptoms of some internal disorder that cannot be
S°*S S~^ "acted ir om the outside. S. S. S. antidotes the poi-
CC^ CO* CC' !° nS> humors and aci ds that are the real cause of
*^V>»?V J^V disease, cleanses and enriches the blood, and builds
t>JJ t>*JL>JJ ? p at the same time tne general health S S S
T^.'^TT • . invi Sorates all the organs and parts of the system
them to greater activity, and strong nerves and renewed
healthy the result. If yon have any blood trouble, mite us. Nocharge
formedicaUdw. THE 3 WiFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA. 64.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.SAN JOSE, May 9. — Notley Bros.'
wood and coal yard on Park avenue
was damaged by fire this afternoon to
the amount of $3000. Children play-
Ing with matches are responsible.
Fire in San Jose Coal Yard.
heard reports from sub-committees.
None other than members of the com
mittee was admitted, but it is learned
to-night that the sub-committee on
the effectiveness of Bishops reported
in favor of the retirement of at least
four of the present Bishops. These
will be, it is said by a prominent lead
er in the. church councils. Bishops An
drews, aged 79; Mallalieu, 75; Walden
and Vincent. 73 years respectively.
Bishop Andrews is the same age as
Bishop Merrill, who has asked to be
retired. If this forecast is correct at
least seven new Bishops will be elect
ed by the present General Conference.
No action was taken on the sub-com
mittee's report pending the report of
the sub-committee on age limit.
Book Concern affairs were consid
ered by the committee on that sub
ject this afternoon.,. No action was
taken on the question of the consoli
dation of publishing houses and re
port will not be made for several days.
It is quite probable, however, accord
ing to the best information obtainable,
that the whole subject will be re
ferred to a select commission to re
port to the next general conference
four years hence. .
. It is the opinion of many delegates
that there will be a change in pub
lishers and that Dr: G. P. Mains will
be chosen to succeed Dr. Homer Ea
ton of New York and that both the
Eastern and Western publishing busi
ness will be put in under the direction
of Dr. Mains, thus making him sole
agent of the Book Concern. At the
present time the western section of
the publishing, business is in the hands
of Jennings & Pye.
The revisals committee received
more than a score of memorials at its
meeting this afternoon, among them
one to remove the probationary : time
limit imposed upon those seeking
membership in the Methodist church.
LEAVES ESTATE TO RELATIVES.— The
estate of Dr. Cora E. Morse, the OEteopathiet
who committed suicide last Saturday at her
lodging-house, the Cormora, at 6111 O'Farrell
street, was filed for probate yesterday. It dis
poses cf an estate worth 1 more than $10,000.
The reniduary legatee 1* Mary Allison, mother
of the deceased, she getting the bulk of the
estate after bequest* to numerous relatives are
paid.
McGcoghegnn's Bondsmen Sued.
SAN JOSE, May 9. — The city # of San
Jose, which a few days ago brought
suit against the United States Fidelity
and Guaranty Company, to-day began
a similar action against the American
Bonding Company to recover $9823 07.
Both companies were sureties on the
bond ¦ of former City, Treasurer Mc-
Geoghegan.
helps to uplift men and not pull them
down."
This expression was received with ap
plause by the delegates and the gal
leries.
A motion by Dr. S. L. Beiler to refer
the resolution to the committee on
state of the church was carried. In the
opinion of many prominent delegates
this disposes of the matter finally.
Rev. Dr. J. R. Day, president of the
College Presidents' Association, offered
a resolution arguing against the open
ing of the American University at
Washington, D. C, except under the
original plan of endowment, viz: When
it shall have a fund of $5,000,000. The
paper was referred to the committee on
education.
CHANGES PROPOSED.
Rev. R. F. Bishop presented a reso
lution to make certain changes in the
discipline that would provide a more
simple method of terminating the mem
bership of persons living in "habitual
neglect of their obligations to the
church." Dr' Buckley raised a point
of order against this resolution, say
ing that it took away from members
the right of trial by committee and of
appeal.' It was finally referred to the
committee on the state of the church.
Judge Sibley erf Ohio offered an im
portant resolution on the subject of
divorce. He wanted paragraph 39 of
the discipline changed to read as fol
lows: *-. „
"No divorce, except for adultery, final
desertion or cruelty or neglect, such as
to compel an innocent party to sep
arate from the offender, shall be re
garded by the church as morally law
ful, and none of our ministers or lay
men shall solemnize marriage where
there is a divorced wife or husband
living, unless the divorce was granted
upon grounds hereinbefore specified.
But this regulation does not apply in
cases where divorced parties are seek
ing remarriage."
Judge Sibley -spoke to this resolu
tion at some length, saying that he
believed the present law was not
founded on sound ' views of scriptural
teaching in relation to the subject, or
well founded in ethics. This resolu
tion, also, was referred to the com
mittee on the state of the church.
BISHOPS TO BE RETIRED. .
The committee on episcopacy met
in executive session this afternoon and
Sirs. Bessie Blitz Paxton Persuades a
\Youl<l-Be Thief to Leave Prem
ises Without Taking Booty.
The home of Mrs. Bessie Blitz Pax
ton was entered last Thursday after
noon by a would-be burglar, armed
with a revolver, but who was finally
persuaded to leave the premises with
out carrying any property away with
him.
Mrs. Paxton was alone in the house
when it was entered by the thief and
showed much courage and tact, in her
dealings with him. Instead of scream
ing for help she talked quietly with
the intruder and finally persuaded him
that it was better for him that he
leave the house as quickly as possible.
Mrs. Paxton was greatly alarmed
over the incident, but bravely retained
her composure until the man had left
the premises. She describes him as
being rather young, with red hair.
WOMAN SHOWS COURAGE IN
DEALING WITH A BURGLAR
The School Directors yesterday de
cided to appoint Dr. Arthur W. Scott
as principal of the Girls' High School
to succeed Professor Elisha Brooks,
who has presented his resignation, to
take effect at the beginning of the next
school terra.
L>r. Scott was selected from a long
list of applicants for the position after
the members of the board had consult
ed with Dr. Benjamin Ide Wheeler re
garding the qualifications of the re
spective applicants. It was only after
Dr. "Wheeler had recommended that
Dr. Scott was the best man for the
place that the latter's appointment was
agreed upon. Dr. Scott was also high
ly recommended by Professor Elmer
Brown, Frank Otis, president of the
Alameda Board of Education, and Fred
T. Moore, president of the Geograph
ical Society.
The position is considered to be one
of the most important in the School
Department. It carries with it a salary
of $250 a month and is practically a
life tenure.
Dr. Scott has been principal of the
Alameda High Schools for the last
eleven years, having been elected an
nually during that time. He is pres
ident of the State High School Teach
ers' Association and also president of
the Alameda County High School
Teachers' Club. He was born in San
Francisco forty-seven years ago and
attended the public schools here. He
graduated from the University of
California in 1876 and graduated from
the medical department of the uni\*er
sity in 1S79. He practiced medicine
and was afterward acting assistant
surgeon of the United States army,
serving at Plattsburg Barracks tfnd at
various posts in Arizona during the
campaign against Geronimo. He went
to the Alameda High School as head
of the department of mathematics and
became principal of the school ,in 1893.
Dr. Scott, on account of his train
ing and experience in teaching the
classics, mathematics, English, history
and the sciences, and because of his
acquirements in the modern languages
and his training as a physician, is par
ticularly qualified to act as principal
of the Girls' High School.
Select Dr. A. W. Scott to
Succeed Professor
Elfsha Brooks.
DR. A. W. FCOTT. WHO v\"ILL SUC
CEED PRINCIPAL RHOOKS OF
GIRLS' HIGH SCHOOL.
Words of Justice Lohr of
;k<UE STIRS DEBATE
Maryland Have Temporiz
. ing Effect on Conference
.LOS ANGELES. May 8.— The at
tituSe of the Roman Catholic church
io^yard the public school system of the
•J 'tilted States furnished the subject of
a sensational debate in the Methodist
'tj^rreral Conference to-day. While
indre was a strong disposition on the
paw of certain delegates to have the
coherence adopt resolutions commit
ting frt to extreme utterances upon the
subject, there was an overwhelming
teptirrent, as it developed, against any
*ueh action, and the entire matter was
finally disposed of by referring it to a
<ommitte<?, from which it is unlikely
ever to be reported.
.Several other resolutions bearing
upon the subjects of divorce, the ter
mination of memberehiD of neglectful
InembiprF. Sunday closing of the Lewis
and i^lark Exposition, the endowment
"f The American University at Wash
ington, changes in the wording of va
rious paragraphs in the discipline and
*< thet matters of importance to Meth
odists?, were submitted, debated and
referred to proper committees.
Rev. Dr. J. M. King, secretary of the
.Church Extension Society of Philadel
phia, having secured the floor shortly
after the disposition of routine busi
ness this morning, presented a resolu
tion which he asked to be read by the
• . Vkctaiuamsm ax issue.
"Before the proposition, which I pre
sent for the action of the conference,
ie retiJ by the secretary," said Dr.
Kjr.R. "I desire to move the adoption
of th» following statement taken from
"the ej^isc-opal address as the conviction
ajid " expression of opinion of the Gen
t*al Conference":
BouacJata dot-s not employ in this couc
•i} »t.e methods which have stamped its hU
¦"•.ory » ;Ui iniamy in Spam. Mexico, South
America. Porto Rico, the Philippines and elfe
whtra- Yet Its insidious efforts to control the
EecyltiS" prese. its adroit influence in r«l!tic«
and its tirt-Iefs assaults on one of the chief
bulwark* of the republic, the public school
FfStea, derr.arid the sleepless vigilance of ail
T'rcjlestar.ts and patriots. Its nsalipn influence
la countries where it has for centuries h«?M
unobstructed sway demonstrates its essential
character and furnishes many of the most
frightful cbjecx lessons which history affords.
To .thep*- 'lessons we oann<>t el<we our eyes b»
. iut-f • of any mawkish plea fcr religious tcl
traUon.
"•This utterance has already awak
ened the hierarchy representatives in
• this city," continued Dr. King. "A se
puichraJ jester si^rr.ingr a communica
tion to the press of this city, P. Har
scit. V. O., has attempted to respond
*n- the absence of higher authority to j
this address of the Bishops."
* Dr. King then read extracts of a let- j
ter written by Vicar General Peter
.JiaVnett of the Roman Catholic diocese
o? -Monterey and Los Angeles, In which
the tatter sought to refute the state
ments made in the above quotations
from the episcopal address, and con
ttnued as follows:
. PA'PI-STS AliK C'RITICIZKD.
This representative of the hierarchy ir th«s
prteoc at jokers. Not antagonistic to public
Hcbgot*! V,"h«i the Bishop in the city of
Bfew %arfc within the pan six weeks has made
sbj?iiut» Cemand for the division of school
..TtfMff Not ar.iag-onistic to public pchocls!
; IVbtti every Liegisiature In th* (Treat domain of
vU)» republic has bten pestered to death by
jji-r***!" for division of funds on sectarian line*!
: : as an organization is friendly to
the^jjubijr schools! Likewise this writer d>>. i
. . :• . BemaaaStm does not interfere in politic-* j
i:i the right of the citizen*. My lord.
badfafta, who <Xoes interfere if they don't?
" hi*'. (¦ ir rny pof^fFsion and filed away among
•).•- important documents an autograph let- i
¦<! written by an Archbishop of that church'
¦btjlattjy demandir.g votes for specific can
<:idat>» No interference in jiolHies: In a
. r»«ent Presidential election a company of. men
—¦>m couid neither! be purchased nor scared
rtsUed a score of Catholic churches in the 1
eft} *i. Xew York <l wat one of them) and
•rer the altar of the churth. rrecedint the :
I •¦«•: >atiel election, explicit directions were '
C^fn'as to how to vote. The perils to-day
utitf !a this land of ours is the capacity
of thi* power tn tn»m its unreasoning vote [
Kt centers of population.
„ i>r. King went on at a considerable '
lengyi in the same strain of argument j
jind when he had finissneG there was a
eomrootkn among the delegates. Many
soupht to gain recognition from the
chair, in order to repJy. Charles B. J
I> hr. Chief Justice of the Delaware Su
preijte Court, lay delegate, was recog
nizfd. After agreeing with Dr. King
> /*egar.ding public schcrols, Justice Lohr
coattnoed:
"But are w to gain anything by any
")#hese.of denunciation against any
• other ChriFtian body? (Cries of 'No,
no!') - The Roman Catholic church has j
done -& magnificent work in this coun
*tj»y. It has taken hold of a class of
ptc-ple whom perhaps no other form of
religion could have molded so well for
t^e well being of our common land. I
feel like putting my hands under every
evangelizing agency in this world that
•jlesolution Attacking Eom
. .«ti .Propaganda Virtually
•'fabled by the 3Iethodists
The last few days have redeemed the
deadly dullness of society— the activity
presumably resulting from 'imminent
wanderings.
Leading the affairs of the week's end
was James D. Phelan's luncheon on the
lawn of his home on Valencia street.
Under a tent stretched beneath the
shade of the trees, the feast was a rare
one, the day ideal, the details exquisite
and the company matchless for good
fellowship.
Among the guests were Thomas Bar
bour, Douglas Tilden, Charles S.
Aiken, William Letts Oliver, Frank
Deering, Enrique Grau, Fred Hall,
Herman Scheffauer, "Uncle George"
Bromley. Lloyd Osbourne, Harry
Brady, John McNaught, Colonel Bush,
Fremont Older, Frederick Sanborn,
Orrin Peck, Charles Fay, William
Greer Harrison, Josiah Ho well. Jack
Wilson and Captain Robert Fletcher.
Yesterday Miss Jennie Blair was
hostess at a card party and tea, given
in Jionor of Miss Charlotte Land of
Syracuse, guest of Mrs. George Lent.
As at all affairs of Miss Blair's there
was a "go" to the pleasure that distin
guished the afternoon from all too
many of Its fellows. Those who
played cards — bridge, of course— were
Miss Land, Mrs. George Lent, Miss
Jennie Hooker, Mrs.' Worthington
Ames, Mrs. Samuel Knight, Mrs. Fred
W. Tallant, Mrs. Latham McMullin,
Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton, Mrs. Han
nah Gale and Mrs. Welty.
The game about over, many friends
called to meet the fair Easterner,
among whom were Miss Katherine
Dillon, Miss Grace Spreckels, Miss Lily
Spreckels, Mrs. Hodgson, Miss Patricia
Cosgrave. Miss Houghton, Mrs. Robert
McCreary, Mrs. Henry L. Dodge, Miss
Bessie Wilson, Miss Bernice Wilson,
Miss Alice Hager and Miss Ethel
Hager.
Mrs. James A. Black of Alameda en
tertained a number of friends at
luncheon in the Palm Garden at the
Palace yesterday. The guests included
Mrs. Lewis, Mrs. Connor, Mrs. Hall,
Mrs. Van Sicklen, Mrs. Abbott, Mrs.
E. O. McCormack, Mrs. George Tyson,
Mrs. Victor Metcalf, Mrs. Shattuck,
Mrs. Swayne, Mrs. Haight, Mrs. James
Tyson, Mrs. Haslett, Mrs. Spear, Mrs.
McCormick, Mrs. Cluness Sr., Mrs.
Cluness Jr. and Mrs. O'Kell.
To-day Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop,
the handsome daughter of Dr. and Mrs.
Alfred Voorhies, will entertain at
bridge.
On Thursday night Miss -Adele
Martel will entertain a large dinner
party in honor of Mrs William Willis.
Charles Oelrichs, father of Mrs. Peter
Martin, wa3 the guest of honor yester
day at a luncheon given at the Pacific-
Union by his brother, Hermann
Oelrichs.
? • *
Mrs. George Law Smith and Miss
Maud Smith left on Sunday for St.
Louis, where Mrs.. Smith, as president
of the California Federation of "Wom
en's Clubs, -will be a conspicuous figure
during the biennial convention. The
ladies will visit the Grand Canyon en
route, and will later make a tour of the
East and South, returning some .time
in the fall.
PAPAL METHODS
ARE ASSAILED
DIRECTORS
AGREE ON
PRINCIPAL
JAMES D. PHELAN
GIVES LUNCHEON
ON HOME LAWN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1901.
BANK WOULD CHANGE NAME. — The
Humboldt Savings and Loan Society yester
day applied to the Superior Court for permis
sion to change -Its name to the Humboldt
Savings Bank.
against whom John A. Kelly secured
a verdict for $750 damages for inju
ries 'received by being 1 struck by a
plank that fell from a binding at the
corner of Post and Jones streets, se
cured an order granting him a new
trial of the case yesterday in Judge
Hunt's court. The order was made
because the Judge considered that he
had erred In excluding certain evi
dence.
Fennell Gets a Now Trial.
James S. Fennell, a contractor,
11
ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
! 0 SPRINGS. 8
There are springs at Bartlett whose
! waters are more valuable than those
at seme of the noted resorts of Cali-
j fornia. and much that is on the mar-
ket, but they do not compare with
the water from the great BARTLETT
SPRING.
If you aro planning for a vacation,
seeking health and recreation, take a
! trip to Bartlett, where the health-
! giving: waters are furnished free,
i with all kinds of amusements to en-
I tertaJn the guests.
Rates— Hotel, $12 to $17.50 per
week. Housekeeping cottages. (3 to
, $15 a week.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, dartlett
Springs. Cal., or call at i Sutter
street. San Francisco.
Ideal summer resort, hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet
! O WEISMAN. Mldlake P. O..Lake county.Cal.,
! or call on Dr. Happers"berger.llO4 Market. S. F.
nil r\ f\ 09 Hot Springs; on line Routh-
U V 1 1 I I »1 ern Paclflc : = H hours from
ill fil I I IM San 1 ranclseo: :j trains
111 EH da!1 >" luxurious mineral
LI I I I \J I 1 and mud baths; hotel
unique in cuisine service
and appointments. Information at 3. P. Co.
[ Bureau. 613 Market St.. Peck's Bureau, 11
i Montgomery -st., or H. R. WARNER, Byron
j Hot Springs. California. •
M ARK". .lAff EST
i H 1 JCEHGLK8EN W W SPRINGS
Will manage the pprings; many improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
1 ?2 day; $12 we^k. Office 1)18 Larkin St., or
Mark West Springs. Fanta Rosa. Rural No. 6.
LAKEiXXbUNTY"
i New, comfortable carriages direct to the
( mest picturesque portion of California. Best
equlj»l*d stage line ,n the State. Leaves Calls-
toga d.\i}y (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m.,
direct to Harbin. Selgler, Adams. Howard, An-
derson. Hobergs, Spiers. Aetorsa and Glenbrook;
I half hour for lunch at Callstcga; also to Mld-
i dletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvil'e ami Lakeport.
Livery in connection. WM. SPIERS, Prop.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Extensive Improvements this year. A new
1 spring found which will effect more cures in a
: day than the other waters in a week; 15 miner-
al springs. We guarantee cure for dyspepsia,
kidney, liver. Btomach. rheumatism, blood, «kln
diseases, etc. $10 to $1*1 per week. Information
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery St.. or J. MAR-
TENS, Batchelor P. O.. Lake County, Cal.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cruz Mountains,
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery, or S. P. Co., 013 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop., Ben Lomond, Cal.
INDEPiNDBNCE LAKE
Fishing: boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 10 miles from Truckee. in an unbrjken
forest. For information inquire at Travtlvr
office, 30 Montgomery St., Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. demons. Truckee. Cal.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved! -1900 feet altitud*, no
fcg; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot. cold baths; spring water; cement
swlmmipg tank. 40x80. Rates $8 week up; stage
meets train, gchuler & Scheben, Napa. Cal.
WHY NOT TRY
Highlar)d
IF YOU ARE GOING TO TME
Spripgs
WE OFFER YOU THE BEST OF MIXERAi.
waters, accommodations and service.
Table unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished. light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All tbe ooDular sports and amusements. Liv-
ery, telephone and postoffice.
: Shortest route and cheapest fare to Lake j
County. Most centrally situated. Delightful ;
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now.
TERMS— $10 to $17 50 per week. For Book-
let, etc.. call on our went. H. R. DUFFIN.
638 Market street, or address
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs. CaL
I Spend Your Vacation
for S2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs SanLu £,r po
The moct ideal resort for Dleasure and
health on tht Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, San Luis
Obigpo. Cul., and return, including; stage
to and from springs and one week's
board for $20.00 to $22.00. according
to location of rooms, or board and a com-
modations fU.OO to f 12.00 per week.
Scenic surroundings, free bathing,
boating and fishinjt on grounds. Fine
fhady walks, tennis and croquet grounds.
danc« pavilion for guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meetf trains
arriving at San Luis Oblspo at 3:13 v. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This is no hospital or sanatorium.
r\lf ft f\f\C\ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA i
uKHUUU COUNTY: -only 4*4 hours
v "" *^ w** from gan Franclico and
mm^^mmm Dut 9 miles staging; .wa-
ters noted' for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State; boating and
swimming in Warm Spring Creek; good trout
stnams; telepljcne, telegraph, daily mall, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers: FIRST-CLASS JifiTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; -both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from Sun Francisco only $3 30. Take
Tiburon ferry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
gueet of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903jinprtcedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery st- or of
J. F. MUI.GREW. Skacxs. Cal.
PARAISO SPRINGS
California.
The leading summer resort of Cali-
fornia. Hot soda and sulphur baths.
Excellent table. Concert by Bro-
haska's Band every day. Send for
beautiful booklet and rates to
T. W. SCHBOEPEB, Myr.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BY THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Cms County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Will open May 15th under entirely new man*
sgement. Round 'rip tickets from San Fran-
cisco $3.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery st., S. F., or to WILLIAM la,
DODGE. Lessee.
j CAMP CURRY" '::
' THE BEST '!
' WEATHER FINE
I FALLS FULL ;\\
\ YOSEMITE
SEIGLER Springs
Natural Hot Baths. Positive cure for rheu-
matism, asthma. Wonderful waters for liver,
kidney and all stomach troubles. Swimming
pond, gymnasium. Orchestra. Hard-finished
rooms. Fare $9 return trip. Electric lights.
Arsenic beauty baths. Dairy. Rates $10 to fl2
per week. Baths and amusements free. Address
H. H. McGowan, prop., Selgler, Lake Co., Cal.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America. The only lake
resort that has its own mineral springs. Boat-
Ing, swimming, fishing and hunting. EDGAR
DURNAN, sola proprietor. Laurel Dell P. O..
' Lako County, Cal.
VICHY. SPRINGS
Three miles from Uklah, Mendocino County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal
spring; accommodations and table first class.
, J. A. REDEMEYER, Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. Two- miles from Hopland.
Tine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rate* $10 to $12 per week.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE— Hopland to BarUett Spring*,
via' Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at 12:30;
arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett
j Springs at 7:30. New C-horse 14-paascnger
tourist ..wagon*, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passenger* for Lakeport or Bar i-
lett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Spring
Stage Lin*. -Tickets can be purchased at office
! of California N. W. Ry.. 630 Market St.. or
at Tiburon ferry. ' .
MILLER ft HOWARD. Props.
' WHITE StTliPHTIB STCUZTOS, VftUaJo,
Cal. — Most accessible springs to San Francisco;
round trip Jl. no stag* fare; only 2 ft hour*'
ride- 5 ' miles from Vallejo: hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths: wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, enema, kidney, liver and
stomach disease*. Beautiful ground* and lake
for boating and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowling alley and shuffle board. Rates.
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo, CaL
RCPfiCHFIM Delightfully situated tn th*
DtKUjllElffl Santa Crux Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $8 per week. For circulars address O.
F. BIEDENWEG. R. D. 121. Santa Crux. Cal.
. FOB BENT— Nice •i-room cottage on
ranch, furnished for housekeeping. -Address
MRS. E. SURRYHNE. "Santa. Rosa, Route 2.
Sonoma County, CaL
CAZADERO
The Gem of All Iforthera Betreat*.
Grove, Porest, Glads and Sell.
Crest. Canyon, Kill and Dal*.
EnoU, Knob, Peak and Mountain.
Tbe horn* of the trout and the haunt of th*
deer. Reached over the North Shore Ry , vU
Sauaalito Ferry.
>. y«ar ago I leaeed this resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure to
tell you that, owing to last season's big an.t
unprecedented patronage. I have purchased this
magnificent domain of orer 120O acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop-
erties. insur:ns the be«t of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building; containing a bowling alley baa
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
ins; and bathing on the river, ail free to guests.
Free camping-grounds in the Cazadero giant
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rules must be complied with.
- Lots, one-quarter acre, for sale, from $1CO
up. and cottages built to suit at city figure*.
Take Sausalito Ferry v 'a North Shore Rail-
road. Round trip, good for six months. $i 73.
Round trip. Friday till Monday. $3; no st»<-
ing; depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
taxes, $2 per day; $10 to $14 per week; spe-
cial rate by the month.
For partlcnlars other' than herein glren writ*
J. J. THIRION. owner and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero. Sonoma Co.. Cal.. or North Short
B. R. office. 626 Market St.. San Francisco.
VACATION 1904
IS NOW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION.
-VACATION" is issued an-
nually by the
California North western R'y
1EZ PICTURESQUE B0CTE 07 CAU70E5U
and is the standard publication
on the Pacific Coast for informa-
tion regarding
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS/
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This year's edition. "Vacation
1904," contains over 150 pages,
beautifully illustrated, and Is
complete In Its detailed Informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc.. with
terms from $7.00 per week up.
To be had at Ticket Offices. 650 Market
Street (Chronicle Building), and Tiburon Ferry.
foot of Market Street; General Office. Mutual
Life Building, comer of Sanaom* and Californi »
Streets, San Francisco; In Oakland at »Tj
Broadway.
Application* ny Mall Will Eecelv* Im-
mediate Beapoaaa,
H. C. WHITINO. Oen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Cen'l Paas'r Agent.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel t under canvas on the Russian River
below Guernevllle In a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; will build a dam In the river; 4 miles
of raiooth water for boating and bathing.
Adults $2 per day. $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fami-
lies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CXO-
PIUS. Camp Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County. CaL
m Sumer Hoi? g a " Co . Camp Mee-er
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling $10
up: cottages built by Meeker. $30 up; depot:
stores; restaurant; hotel; post and express:
telephone; sawmill; 900 lots sold: 300 cottages
built. Sausalito terry. S. S. R. R. M. C
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health and pleasur*
resort is now ocen for the patronage of th<s
public. Address JOHN JACOB3.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively Improved since last season.
Opens April 1. THOS. U. BELL. Mgr.. Felton.
CaL Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrcw-gausts.
foot of Market street. Round trip. $3.00.
LOS GATOS.
HOTEL LTNDON— Modern Improvements,
extensive grounds; popular amusements; laws
tennis, croquet; climate unsurpassed. Opposite
depot. J. P. MOGENSON. Prop.
N. B. S.B. TOGMLO;v*/». Maria C».
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
special rates for families and parties; tt«htnjr.
hunting boating, bathing; beautiful drives to
Bear Valley; telephone. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND. or Bulletin Office, every Thursday, 3
to 4 p. m. y
PISCADEBO.
Swanton House, under new management,
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages beautiful grounds, famous pebbi*
beach, fishing, hunting, sea bathing. Phcna.
Rates. $S and $10 per week. O. C. LUCE.
Proprietor. ., ¦¦
JJXmVTM'a PABX, Gaeraevllle.
A'resort for your family. Partly furnished
cottages. $12 per month and up. Tents and
platforms. Near Russian River. Board ar.l
room- at ,$7 60 per week. See PECK'S. It
M'ontgome'ry^ st.
HARBIN SPRINGS— Most desirable in Lak»
Co.; contain - sulphur, iron, magnesia an4
arsenic: wonderful cares of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, paralysis, dropsy, - kidney. liver and
stomach troubles: new gymnasium, bowlin?
alley, handball court and billiard room. Round*
trip tickets. 8. P. office. $8. J. A. HAY3. Prop.
MOTJNTArrr yzew ranch sotsx,
and, cottages. In the rmmntains, near s.int*
Cruz. First-class table and accotn.. gas. baths,
phone, dally mall bowling, croquet, amuse-
ments; terms. $9 as.' Campers to Glenwood. Inc.
carriage, $3 73 round trip. FRANK R. DA.NN.
Santa Crux. Frederlcksen A Button. Managers.
OCCIDEITTAI. HOTEL, HATWABBS,
First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowlinar.
amusement ball.- etc. Special rates to families.
Term* reasonable. A. GACDARD. Prop., phono
Black 141. -
SZSWOOS TXZ&A KXSOBT.
Excellent board, horn- cooking: tent ground.
If desired, with board. $3. Room and board $3
» $10. ¦ Best hunting and fishing. MRS. A. U
ACKERMAN. La Honda. San Mateo County.
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully located tn
redwoods S miles from Santa Crux. Sprtnz
water, fruit, milk, excellent table: daily mall;
free conveyance; $7 week; phone Suburban 87.
MRS. W. CRAXDELL. Santa Crux, Cai. .
BEI.LZVTJE HOTXTX*. El Verano, So-
noma Co.. Cal Terms. $1 day and up: hot
mineral springs near by. Long distance tele-
phone; daily mail. JOHN SERRES. Proprietor.
SCHAEPES3 GBOVS — BOSS VAUiXT.
Private boarding: terms reasonable. Team
meets Sunday morning trains. Address MRa.
MATT LINDSAY. Rosa Station. |<
TO JiET — Cottage of 4 furnished rooms
for housekeeping at Camp Meeker; grand
view above lake. - Call or address J. A. HL»
1720 Leavenwortb at,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 -f r*\- 4J7 1/V iTL
r ¦ •
JHmS^tSjPl'' ¦jKHe^e; j^**y?J^^TS^^»gHH K B™ ¦" w^ I ¦ s» Wp PC IB III w\
ncrniuLnHiuno
THE GEYSERS
Tbe Most Famous Health and Pleaiux*
Resort In California.
THE CLIJJATK AND SCKNEKY are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged the
ben on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammara baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting, fishing,
dancing, »';uffle-board. billiards and croquet.
THE YOTEL AND COTTAGEfc, have been
renovafVjr throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pa - ;-(llon built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and »?-
ery stable in connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with ;he best the
market affords. Rates. J10. $12. $14 and $16
per week. .For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Geysers,
Sonoma County. California.
Agua Caliente
Springs
We have added many NEW, attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
rfan Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare $1 10; sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma an i all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank in tbc State. Table and rooms are first
claw. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inctuire at Peck f s. 11 Montgomery St..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Caliente
Springs, Sonoma County, California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can Feat 400 guests.
¦HI aSg £r Situated In Vendome Park
32£J^j^,* summer resort: both city
j and country advantages;
automobile garage on the grounds
free to guests. Bathing pavilion,
liowllng alleys, tennis, etc. New auto
road map of the county mailed on
application. ,
J. T. BROOKS. Manager.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situ&ted on Clear ' Lake. Hunting, fishing,
boating, launch. horEes, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser In bathhouse, club-
house, etc.. increased accommodations, mod-
ern conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed. Table
a specialty Rates per week, $10 to $15. Pholcs
and information at Chatfleld & Vlnaent's. 2TS
Montgomery st. or Capt. F. W. CLOUGH.
prop.. Soda Bny, Kelseyvllle, P. O., Lake Co..
Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswlck, Siskiyou County. California.
Write to EDSO2S* BROS, for Booklet.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
GRAND CENTRAL HOTEL.
' Felton. Cal. Rates reasonable.
MRS. I. N. HATES.
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
Under new man.iccmer.t. Up tq, date. Beau-
tiful grounds. Running stream and pond with
good fishing. Playgrounds for children. Free
carriage mf«ts all trains. J. D. CELLA, Mgr.
E|jS1S11gS££I nr i^r rvj t* c
BPjflk -.saClSBIm Awning*. Hammocks,
"*p^T>^^^ W. A. FLUMMER.
Tel. Main 540, 111 Clay st.
JOHANNISBERG. •
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing. Bwimmlng, boat-
Ing; $10 and $12. per week. THEO. BLANCK-
KNBURG JR., Prop.. Oakville, Napa Co., cr
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery at.
BOWELL ML, WOODWORTfl'S tM&
No fog. Purest spring water. Climate natural
tonic and Invigorator. Residence 29 - years. $7
per week. Woodworth & Muller. St.Helena.Cal.
Ask Your Grocer For
Pioneer
Brand
Evaporated
Dream
Factory at Auburn,
Washington,
Border's Condensed Milk Go
NEW YORK.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL./ TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1904.
12
CL A IK V O Y ANTS . £.
THE FUTURE REVEALED. THE PAST
DISCLOSED.
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarion's treatise, that is
so electrifying the world to-day. He is no
imitator. His work is upon original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. He tells you what
you desire to know and works in the open
light.
He is as "conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for his original ex-
pression' and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full Hfe reading for $1. A test
is of little value; when the mind Is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
This is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
gives you when you call on -him for a flrst-
class clairvoyant reading. . ¦
He asks you no .questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you arevhelr to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Let PROF". LIV-
INGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest tbe remedy. ,
Permanently located 4_S Eddy st.;^a sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ;*'/*"?¦.¦»
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
-".I-.-- ¦¦¦" which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE .
Th« first registered trance clairvoyant aad
palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife -.>r lover is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "In fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and indisputable; he im-
proves your character eo that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power implanted in your
nature, bo you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lest vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures; gives you success
in life; he guarantees you succesa or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday.
326 O'Farrell st. — 326.
IBMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
/ palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
\pt., ccr. Turk: private readings dally, 10 a.
tn. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency.send postofflce,
Wello-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
50c, g. by cards $1 ; palmistry and clairvoyant
sit., $1 50, Re. 1-2, 1206 Market, cor. Taylor.
A — Miss M. Wille, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion, names given; special, $1; hours 10 to S.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted, clalr. and palm.;
has second eight; a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 50c, g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
A^-MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice given on all affairs of life; (satisfac-
tion guaranteed; 25c up. 17 3d, next Exam.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst. clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fail try me.good readings
28c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life: business ad-
vice: names given; 25c up. 835 Howard st.
MME. 'WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c;
gents EOc. 051 Mission st., nr. Cth; open Sun.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c;
gents 50c; hours, 1 to 0. 120 Sixth st.
MME. HERNANDEZ, wonderful palmist and
card reader. 421 Hyde St.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26% Kearny, room 20; ladies 25c; gents 50c.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader; ladles 25c,
gents 50c; hours. 1 to 9. 120 Sixth st.
Mme. Odell returned: clairvoyant, card reader:
tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. 532 Ellis st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, date
and farts; readings daily. 917 Market st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23ft Oth; 1. 25c. g. 60c
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, la now at 317 Ellis St.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader, sit-
tings dally. 448H Jessie st.. bet. 5th and Cth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, tn wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
CUBES -tUyTO-tS.
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market st.; $100; rupture
cur* for $10; circular explains: send for one.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home In our, new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough.' inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 9C1-
825 Golden Gate ave.
PAOLO LA VILLA of Florence. Italy, Just ar-
rived; singing lessons, pure Italian method;
opera, oratorio, ballad, glee; accompanist for
concerts and drawing-room; special terms for
professionals. The Roosevelt, 546 Sutter st.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
j languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading bueiness college. 723 Mar-
ket »t.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free. .¦.:"'.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
. College, 1236 Market st.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electricity, 24 Post
St., S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING^ — Civil, elec, mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gnllagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, artth.,
v spelling, writing, etc.; day, eve.; $4 mo. eve.
DANCING — Professor Flndlay has reopened his
Juvenile classes *t Flndlay's Hall. 17th at;
Saturday 2 to 6; private lessons dally. ' . ;
SPANISH — A practical and progressive method.
RAFAEL SERRANO. B30 California, r. 4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club, $1 per mo. S2S Haight st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine St.— Night class.
KENT Law School, day and night: send for
¦ particulars. 636 Parrott building.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS.' PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission. -nr. Sixth.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been otiened at 1008 f Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ¦ ¦ ¦
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOK-T^l^PoeT'siC ;'tel?T^s_~ -35^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes b*st help; contracts for farm help; etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 42« Powell st. Tel. Main 5752. '
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Loon Seung's, 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 428.
FRITZ'S Emp.' Office; Japanese and Cblnaaa
help. 413 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main S1S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay, j
EMPLOYMEXT WA\T_P— PEMALB.
STRONG, willing American woman wants
laundry work; flannels a specialty; $1 10 for
washing and carfare. 648A Jessie St., . bet..
Seventh and Eighth, downstairs.
AMERICAN woman with a little boy wants
housekeeper's posltlcfi; city or country; home
more ¦ than - salary. /• Address till 20th. - MRS.
SCOTT.-' S34 Page at. , ¦
COMPETENT' woman wishes situation as a
flrst-class cook ; country preferred. . Box
1163, Call office, , Oakland.
RELIABLE . woman. .. with . references .wishes
work by the day: washing, ironing or house-
cleaning.. S324. Twenty-first st. . '
GIRL . wants place In small family ' for light
housework;- references: no postals to see the
party. 2330 Larkln .. st. •;
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes light house-
- work; neat, and willing; , In city;, please give
full ' particulars when answering. Address
box 3279, Call. • • ¦ -... ..:-.
MOTHER and son wish positions as cook and
waiter or. handy' man, in city or country."
Box 3392, Call. . ) . • . . ,
» ' • 1 «... > vt.». — « •>«•
A. CAMKKON _ CO., • .Phone South ll>5O.
i 3 Eddy st.. cor. . Market and Powell. -
Headquarters" lcr ftoomlng-houses. Hotels and
All - Kinds of Business Chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be _old at a bargain on account
of departure.
108 fooma; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date roominc-house; has. fine
bar; can be run in conjunction if. desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be jpald out of the house; "other business
Interests demand immediate departure.
90 rooms; beautiful new building and furni-
ture; swell downtown location; everything up-
to-date and flrst-class; fine opportunity to se-
cure high-grade proposition; must go East.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room: new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
hunts; Jons lease; clears ?40O to $500 per
month; one of tlis best buys in the city,
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms; beautiful corner; 8 and - room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
in city; call for terms and particulars.
9 rooms; sunny flat; rent $50: oak, mahogany
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
180 rooms; grand, ne»v, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full nice people; bargain. if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms:. rent only $60; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balanoe time; price $S30.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance: cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 6-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
80 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry fur. ;
fine carpets; close In; fine money-maker.
28 rooms; elegantly fur.: family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
7-room flat: rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
188 rooms; downtown commercial hotel; 8
years' leare; cheap rent; elegantly furnished:
on* of the best opportunities to secure flrst-
class hotel; owner has other business; part
cash; balance time.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close in; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
II rooms; rent $40; close In; oak, cherry fur-
niture, Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all ex-
penses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 rooms; elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture; 60 boarders;
clearing $250 per month; close in; fine buy;
price $6000.
19 ro'oms; rent $85; north Market; close in;
cood money-maker; reduced from $1600 to
$1100.
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown, house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
20 rooms; rent only $100; all new furniture:
doctor pays $95; clearing- over all expenses $100;
best street Oakland; will trade for San Fran-
cisco house. ..
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease. . y ¦ .
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent: 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
S3 rooms; cheap rent; good lease: beautifully
furnished: new modern building: very central;
all full; little gem of a. house; leaving city.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms; corner: rent only $65; oak fur.:
good carpets, housekeeping: all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady: price
$1600.
50 rooms; new, modern apartment-house: 10-
year, lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; flrst-class. proposition.
17 'rooms; Ellis st. : rent $70; oak furniture,
Axmlnster carpets; fine condition; clears $80;
fine little buy. . • :: ... ' '
8 rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $30: can
be. had by. paying $150 down, balance time;
J450. .
For rent— 4-room suite, furnished. In fine
apartment-house. 4 to 6 months: rental $45 per
rtcnth; references; no small children.
For rent — 8-room modern furnished flat, for
summer; elegantly fur.; -references required;
rent 560 per month.
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st
NINE rooms; all full; must sell, on account
of sickness. Inquire 212 F:fth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IB pagfs. In wrapper, for "lalllng. $1 per year
CAKPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED air and vacuum system now
universally used .. in cleaning caroets on
floor; without removal; price moderate. 8.
F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Mar-
ket st. Tel. Main 152. Bush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 855-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.. clean-
ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison at.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
33E Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating; mat-
tressea mads over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 394. GSO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH _; CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Ha rrison at.: tel. Mission 203.
~ k CAPE NOME.
TICKET office for all points in Alaska. C. F.
MOORE, 827 Market st.. room 3O». First
steamer May 21; $75 flrst class.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection. Co.. <U3
Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. Main BGSO.
C-tEDXT C-^OT-CIEJKa.
C F. ADAMB~Ca ""~» ' T~
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes: everything up 'to date at cash prises.
Credit ¦ for all. 318 Maron st.
OI.OTHI-TQ atE-TOVATI-Ttt.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis. St., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
» K K .«> > M ,\ K H R S AX D MIS A "»^ Tn J^5^_L
ACCORDION, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng.
t Stewart'* button and "buttonhole factory, 110
Taylor st. ; . tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking * Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure: eve, class. 1019 Mkt
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown $3 SO; fillings, 60c;
plates. $3; full set; all work painless «and
I warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh '
— No 'charge for extracting when plates are
made; old platea made over like new ; teeth '
from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
Parts Dental Parlors. 235 Xearny, cor. Buah—
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns. $2 up;fllllngs,25c. |
ARTHUR CHISHOLM B urgeon-denUst,r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr. O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
SPIRITUALISBA. :
w~ •-»-« RETURNED. - -' .
MRS. J. J.- WHITNEY".
Clairvoyant, trance. business medium and life
. reader: also ' communications from you? de-
parted friends. Hotel Netherlands 18 Turk
St.. near Market, room 17. elevator.'
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
& business med'm, read daily $1; dev*p's class
* Thurs.' 8 p.m. 107 Taylor, r. 27;tel. Jessie 3436.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit : messages to-
nlght ; 10c. . C13 McAllister: ; readings daily.
W.G.KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.; 10c ;, git. a. 10 to 5. ,148 Sixth st:
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis «t., readings
daily; phone Sutter 3004. :
PROF. FRED KVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate- writer. 1112 Eddy at. Phone Scott 88T. i
- FtlRMTUR- tVAXTEP.
4 ABE_-Vx\
«£?r?% y^ ffi^S-SfcSSS -£
nU-r'e. etc.f until you get his estimate.
CHAS liEVY & CO. pay highest pric* for txiT-
niturerc-rpetc. etc. 73. Mlsslon:tel. Bush 487.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices fural.
ture. carpet-, etc. : te>. Larkln 3C3L 634 Ellis.
FLATS TO LKT.
TXv^olJsirRENTiNG DEPARTMENT
All desirable vac_nt Km* and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department: over 100*
' in number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
PlaC ° : '^^N^^FUR^Rl: CO..
103O MARKET ST..
OPPOSfTC McALHSTER.
_ -— ,. /
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an lmmens* list;
se^rlce absolutely free; take advance of
this department: it will save >;_""_»"»
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
*t.. od the square.
NEW flat to r.nt; on. of the n i c . e^_5*£ t £
the Mission, with 7 sunny root-" an<l_ bath,
latest improvements. No. 3023 TwenW-Mw
St.. between Ean Jcse ave. and Guerrero, rent
reasonable. _____________
NEW flats, 5-8 r.. basement yard; rent reas-
onable. 1454, 145S Eighth ave.. Sunset.
south Golden Gate Park.
SUNNT flat o- 3 rooms, yard • ad .«_"»_ k _i
rear of 911 Filbert St.; $9. Inqulr. baker
shop. 911 Filbert at. '
A NEW modem flat of 6 rooms L » n £**^^ r *__'
sonabU to responsible party. 828 Harrison st.
ELLIS 828— Parlor floor, kitchen, etc.: s«p»r-
»te entrance :all conveniences for dressm k n.
FLATS on Perry «t., near Third. 114. US
and US*4: also 37 Langton sC
MODERN upper flat, attic. 9 rooms; sun mrf
room; $35. 27S Ninth ave.. Richmond Dl-C
NICE modern corner flat: 7 rooms and bath.
72S Devisadero St.. corner Fulton^
POLK. 2500A— New, sunny flat of 3 rooms an-
bath'; rent $13.
T O let— New flats. 4, 3 and 6 rooms. North-
west corner Waller and Stelner sts.
$16— SUNNY flat. 3 rooms, bath, basement.
130 Eureka St.. near Eighteenth.
$33 UPPER flat of 9 rooms: modern. 1308H
Waller St.. near Masonic avc.
FLATS TO LET Fl'BSISHED.
GROVE, 143S — Upper «unny newly furnished
flat of 6 rooms, piano, etc.: near Park;
adults only: $45; from 10 to 3.
BELVEDERE. 141, off Hafght— Flat of S
room.; newly furnished: bath: garden; cheap.
POST, 1579 — Furnished flat of 5 rooms: rea-
aonable to responsible party. Tel, gaker 2016.
CAPP, 614 — Flat of 5 rooms: piano; coal and
gas range. Call between 11 and 4.
WELL-FURNISHED flat; Pacific ave : mag-
nificent marine view; references. o311 Call.
FIVE handsome sunny rooms; splendid view.
4200 Twentieth St., near Castro.
FLAT of 7 rooms; ccal ar.d gas etov«s; plaaak
71.1 Grove st.: call 11 to 3.
FLATS FOR SALE FtKSlSHBD.
A BARGAIN if taken at once; nice carpets
and furnishings of new sunny 6-room flat for
sale, fr* Walter, bet. 14th and Puboce Park.
(J ROOMS and bath: furnished complete; to b«
sold immediately at a sacr.flce: central lota-
tlon. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128-132 Ellis -t.
AT a sacrifice — A newly furnished flat cf 8
rooms and bath. Apply 753 Eddy st.
ELEGANT furnished flat for sale; open for In-
spection from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. 14C7 Oait.
FURNITURE of 4-room modern flat; 2 r^ome
pays rent. 619 Stevenson st. •
VAN NESS ave.. S07— For sale cheap, fur-
niture of a 7-room flat.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
"WANTED — First-class cook for private fam-
ily, country. $35 to $40: see lady this fore-
noon. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 3S4. Sutter st.
"WANTED: — Cook, short orders, $10 a w»«»k;
cook, delicatessen, $30; cook, for boarders.
$40; cook, summer resort. $50: IS cooks, some
no wash, some plain wash, $30 and $3T>; C
second girls, for city and country. $25; cham-
bermaid for hospital, $25; waitress for
springs, $25; 12 chambermaids and wait-
resses for city and country hotels, $20 and
$25; nurse for 2 children, see lady this fore-
noon. $30; 4 other nurses. $25; second girl and
laundress, $30; laundress. $25; waitress.
lunch cafe, $7 a week. A large number of
girls for housework, for both city and coun-
try, at going wages. $25 and $C0. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 034 Sutter st.
A— "WANTED— Girls to learn hairdressina;.
manicuring, etc; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guar_a-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copy!r.< letters at
home,, evenings or spare time, and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing: $9 weekly
earned; materials free; inclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Ox,
No. S 4. Ninth. St., Philadelphia,- Pa.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
sen; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $13; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 1_
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslaff
trade, manicuring, massage, etc 1238 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secure-
st highest wages; day and eve. class: call.
WANTED — Youny woman. Intelligent, well
educated, to tak« charge of office of station-
ery work rooms; apply by letter, giving full
particulars and references. SHREVE & CO.,
Crocker building. Post and Market ats.
WANTED — Bindery girls. Bindery dept.. Mu-
tual Label A Lltho. Co., Second and Bry-
ant •*.•».. Bryant st. entrance.
YOUNG woman (Protestant) to assist In house-
work; good home; 1 in family; wages $1S.
-Apply 251 Scott St., forenoons.
WANTED — Apprentice for dressmaklas; paid
while learning. 1933 Bush st.
WANTED — A first-class dinner waitress at
304 Mason st. ; wages $3 per we«k.
WANTED — Button hole makers; come ready
to work; $15 week. 229 Stevenson, room 5.
WANTED — Woman to work In kitchen; small
restaurant. 194 First st.
STENOGRAPHER wanted In broker's office-
young lady state salary wanted. 3369. Call.
WANTED — Good finisher on pants; steady
work. 104 Kearny st.. top floor.
GOOD DRESSMAKER wanted; alto an im-
prover. 964 Eddy st.
WAIST hands and Improvers wanted at 140?
La_una st.
WANTED — An experienced nurse girl; call la
morning. 1733 Pest st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply »t
Chutes. 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED— Experienced dry goods saleswomen
Apply at HALE BROS.' between 9 and U
a. m.
WANTED— Experienced alteration hand* oa
skirts and Jackets. Apply at HALE BROS '
between 9 and 11 a. m.
FOUR mature women to be placed at ence with
wholesale house: references and bond r«-
quired. Box 3361, Call office.
WANTED— A younjr servant girl; German pre-
ferred. Call at 703 Webster st.
WANTED— An experienced finisher on coats.
409 Stevenson st.
PANTS flnlsher. and good sewers. 215 Seventh
A ? V ,f I \!i SE^ E^" rS - B - b «*tJ>«on 9 receive, at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church its.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions ha* b«i_-
HELP WANTED — MAI_3. "¦
RED CROSS' EMPLOYMENT AGENCY^
S 12 °'?£ „*• „ Pnon * '--"nw- 247«.
New ditch work \ n Oallforn-a.
5 scraper teamsters. $1 2.1 day and board.
Band sawyer, planing mill. $3 50 Ua_-
I>oor roolder. $U day.
Hay hnnrts, Sacramento Valley $1 50 ««a»
and board. -¦-/¦' ' '
Cook, country hotel. $»o month ami found.
R. R. teamsters, logins road. $_ ~_ _av
Plenty of other cnotl Jobs. Call -at
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGK.VCT
J__L':! ay _*¦:_ f____J_ ontsomery.
WANTEp-Nor-unlc'n bo'Ier ra-kera. toiler
tnakerj helpers and machinists. Otll at
room 25, 239 Powell St.; 3 to 4 fT «u^
KMP> < OY)1E>T WAVTED—FE^l'^i
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
$1 per day and car fare. 940 Harrison s_.
room 9.
YOUNG lady will take care of children even-
ings in exchange for room and board, box
3S00. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER, capable of transcribing
shorthand notes accurately, desires position,
salary moderate. Box 3445. Call ofn ________
WOMAN wants work by the day: good laun-
dress; $1 25 a day; no postals answered. oiJ
Minna St., between Sixth and 'Seventh.
A COMPETENT laundress and house cleaner
wants work at $1 per day; reference-. Box
3447, Call office.
A COMPETENT woman wants light work, as-
sist with children and sewing; city or coun-
try. 2911 Sixteenth st. ;
WORKING housekeeper wishes position, city or
country: references. Box 3446. Call office.
A TRAINED nurse would like a position with
family goins to sprln.s or resort; will take
care of Invalid, or as' companion; refersnees.
Box 3444.' Call office. ,
EASTERN girl wishes position as cook In prl-
vate family; city or country. 2822 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS young German nurse, full
charge infants; best references; wages $_0,
$35; American family preferred. BOfl Leav-
enworth st. \
GERMAN woman -wants position to take oara
house, do cooking and take care of children
or as housekeeper. Address MRS. M. B.
SMITH. 1301 Santa Clara av.. Alameda.
GERMAN girl wishes to do housework in
small family; no washing. Address MISS
MARIE SCHWARTINO. Twenty-first are..
near K at., south. - ¦ ¦'-:'-
TWO young ladles wish situations, on* as
waitress, other as chambermaid. Box 3293,
Call office.
AN experienced pantry girl desires situation
in hotel or restaurant, or will wash dishes.
Call or write M. D., 15 Minna et.
WASHING taken at home. 24 Camp st., be-
tween 16th and 17th. off Guerrero.
SITUATION as nurse. Box 3295 Call office.
SEAMSTRESS for dressmaking; well paid;
also apprentice, paid. 135 Geary St., room 129.
A GOOD Japanese girl wants position as school
girl in a small family. MISS TAKA, 13-»
Pine st.
JAPANESE young woman wants a place;
housework or any kind of work. S. K.. 135C
Geary st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 >tcAlIlster st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan tt Church sts.
CHEAPEST and best la America— Th« Weekly
Call. 16 pages, rent to any address tn th»
United Btates or Canada on» year for tt.
E»PLOYME.\T WASTED — MALE.
A MAN would like to work on private place
to take care of horses, cows, lawn and poul-
try; good driver; wages $30 to $35 and found.
Box 1162. Call office. Oakland.
POSITION by a trustworthy man to take ear*
of gentleman's residence during: absenc« of
party; good references. Box 3347. Call.
HANDY all-round man. German, wishes a
position as janitor; strictly sober and ra-
liable; experienced. Box 3391. CalL
YOUNG man with experience In growing veg-
etables, carpenter work, etc., wants situation
on private Dlace. Box 3441, Call.
HOTEL watchman; good carpenter; no objec-
tion to worklrur a little at the trade oc-
caslonally; best references. Box 3397. Call.
YOUNG man. experienced accountant, desires
position; references. Box 3349. Call.
BRICKLAYER, young man, German, non-
union, wants work. Box 3348, Call.
BOILER fireman, oil or coal, wants Job. Ad-
dress box 74, 1008 Market st.
BAKER'S helper wants position. Box 3386,
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Englishman, well •d-cated.
speaks and writes German and French flu-
ently, business experience." seeks employ-
ment; clerical amenuensls; wait on invalid
about place; anything; small- wages. Box
. 3367, Call office.
WANTED — A position by a landscape gar-
dener and florist; used to be head gardener
of the flower paradise of Paul de Longpre.
king of the flowers; best of references. Box
3366. Call office.
HOTEL or store carpenter; eober man; good
references; reasonable; handy man. Box
3379. Call office.
AN Italian young man wishes employment
with a good firm as assistant bookkeeper, of-
fice or shipping clerk, or to start at the bot-
tom for a chance to better position; quick at
figures: good penman; salary no object. Box
3269. Call office. '
RELIABLE young man, 19 years of age, de-
sires a position in wholesale tea firm as
samole clerk or stock clerk; has bad one
year s experience as such and ' can furnish
recommendations as to ability and honesty.
Box 3274. Call.
SCANDINAVIAN man (Danish) wants situa-
tion, gardener or man about place; fair
wages; Oakland. San Francisco references.
Address ANDREW JOHNSON. 331 Kearny
et.. room 30.
YOUNG man. 2S. good accountant, good, rapid
penman, quick and accurate cash handler,
best .of references, can furnish bond, de-
sires permanent position. Box 3277. Call.
WATCHMAKER, flrst-class. with full set of
tools, expert in complicated Jobs, chrono-
graph and repeater, wants position. Address
V. D., box 3273. Call office.
GARDENER (32). 18 years' experieno* In land-
scape and greenhouse gardening in Germany
and California, wishes engagement in private
place or nursery. K. L., box 3285. Call.
RELIABLE, experienced' house and window
cleaner wants inside or outside work for
Monday and Wednesday weekly. JACOB
MEYER. 110 Hyde st.
MAN and .wife (English); man experienced
coachman, etc., wife good cook; city or coun-
try; city references; $65 month. Box 3358.
Call office. \
YOUNG married raaa. Danish, wants position
as driver, in country or city; understands
care of horses and cows. Call WILLIAM
WESTERGAARD. 612 Taylor st.
SITUATION wanted In shipping (export and
' Import) firm by American gentleman, under
40 years, of correct habits, excellent refer-
ences, financially responsible, bond if re-
quired : R years' experience as manager for
, English firm in Japan and with business con-
nections throughout the Orient. Address box
3327. Call office.
MECHANICAL engineer, draughtsman, desires
situation and evening work in any line In
engineering; competent detatler; many years'
shop experience. Box 1S34. Call.
DRAUGHTSMAN, mechanical, graduate. 7
years' experience, wants position; also em-
ployment during leisure hours making nice
drawings at reasonable rates. Box 13S3, Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detaller. 18 years' experience, mining,
rtatlonary, marine work, wants Dosltlon or
work at home. Box 3268. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as collector by steady,
reliable man. well acquainted with city.
Bo_ 3275. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as baker's helper;
some experience. Address J. BEEGAAwD.
¦ ias^ Eighth St.. city. .
BOOKKEEPER Just graduated desires position
as bookkeeper; small wages to start. Ad-
drees G. S. G.. 217 Parrott bid*. „
PAINTER, paperhanger and tlnter; has all
tools; work reasonable. Address Painter,
1210 Miaslon st. . >•>¦•.¦
HUSTLING youna; Eastern gentleman, college
graduate In law. seeks any honorable em-
ployment. Box 3382. Call.
SOBER young man. German. like to drlvs
butcher wagon and help In shop. Box, 3300
Call office.
DRIVER wishes situation; steady and reliable*
with one. firm 6 years. Box 3319. Call. '
SITUATION wanted by flrst-class all-round
candy-maker. Box 3375. CalL
A RELIABLE Japanese boy wants position a*
office boy in any kind of store; speaks Eng-
lish well. Address SAWAI S07 Polk _t •
phone 3802.
JAPANESE, flrst-class cook, wants sKuatlon
in small family; experienced as waiter and
houaeworker; -wages $S week up. Box 3320
Call office.
YOUNG Japanese wants position as school
boy In family. Address TAKI, 514 Pine st.
JAPANESE, flrst-class cook, wants a good po-
sition in family. KMATO.110 Golden Gat«.
V FURNITUUK FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for sate; $75 ' worth for $7 SO
down and $150 per week. BRILLIANT'S
¦; 310 Post* St.. . near Powell.- . . '
BUSINESS CHAXCI.S — Continued.'
A— CAMEUON *i CO. i'hone South 1U5U.
;; Eddy st., cor. Market and I'owell.
Hoauuuafters for all kinds of business chances.
Ojster and chop houses Sj30 to $1000
• "anily and Icecream parlors $-00 to $2500
Marb'.r shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $:!50 to $2000
<Jn>< c-riee und bars ...$5C0 to ?5000
Saloons $:;0O to $10,u00
Restaurants $350 to $20,U0D
Fruit and vegetable stores ?'J00 to $10CU
Drugstores f _00<» to $0000
Delicatessen stores ?250 to $45i;O
Wood and coal yards ?2j0 to $1000
For eale — First-class legitimate mining
proposition that will bear strict investiga-
tion. • '
BEAUTFULLY located summer resort; line
proves; 36-room hotel: all furnished and
equipped Tor business; 20 acres land goes
v.ith least; raise own hay, • vcKetables; all
kinds of trult; rent $.">00 pei* year; equity in
this .$-'jiiO; death ir. family cause of Baled
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business* cheap rent; C% years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners In city; do-
ing fine business; other interests cause sale;
price *5000. Bee CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located In Cal.; assays $10 to $70 ton/ trade
for rmg-hse or business. Cameron, ' 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or will trade — 6 acres Inside city
limits; one pf best Interior cities in Califor-
nia; house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trad* for
rooming-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established & years; rent
$30; clears $00 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell 09 account other business. CAM-
ERON & CD.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-located grocery and bar; rent
only $25; sales $30 to $40 per day; price
$2000; snap. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
T. J. DUNN &. CO. 1312 Market St.
Fhone Howard 34CS.
CIGAR atore near new postofflce; $200; lease;
snap. S»e DUNN. t
CIGAR otore down on Battery; no night or
Sunday work: a bargain; $650. DUNN.
SALOON. Third St.. nr. Market, reduced to
$2200; lease: mighty good offer. DUNN.
BRANCH bakery, notions: best location In
Mission: rent ?15; 4 lv_. rms.; $400. DUNN.
CANDY— We tot barcaln, party understands
candy Icecream biz: small capital; lease:
steady sales; excellent location. See DUNN.
HOTEL — $1 a day house In best town In State-
elegant; catches share first-class trade; 42
room*: lease: rent $100; good bar; alwaya
full: $0MK). See DUNN.
A— THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest Investment and most
profitable enterprise In the city. We repre-
sent two of the largest Incorporated companies
in S». F., and have openings for chauffeurs,
machinists and office men who can invest a
Fniall amount of cash with their services.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market at.
A GOOD OPENING i
For a young man who can invest $500 in a
hfgh-oass real estate office and fill position
of cashier: experience not necessary: invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market «t.
$350 SECURES Interest In light office work,
where party can -easily clear $125 monthly;
references exchanged; experience not neces-
sary: live man wanted; bona fide proposition.
Particulars 1007',^ Market St., room 1.
DELICATESSEN and irmall grocery, on main
6treet; low rent; a bargain. Box 3255. Call.
$S0— P.ESTAURANT; bargain: look. look; call
quick: make offer now. 1005 Folsom *t.
SALOON bargain: saloon bargain; make offer
to-day: owner sick. S04 Howard st.
PARTNER, attend counter; must have $75;
nice business; snap for to-day. Call 220 5th.
SALOON— Wholesale district; lease. Apply
Anchor Brewery; snap.
Bt'TCHER shop for sale. Apply 423 San Pablo
ave., Oakland.
$600 — HALF Interest in a good business pay-
Ing $1 75 per month. Box 1081. Call office.
BAKERY and lunch room for sale in a live
Nevada town. Address box 1S20. Call office.
______________________ .
RESTAURANT for eale. 194 First St.
FOR SALE — Coal and feed yard in "East Oak-
Box_1831. Call office. _ i
BULLETIN route for sale. "Address 2215 Pine
St., San Francisco.
$200 WANTED at once to open up rich quartz
prospect. Box 3376. Call office.
CANDY «tore or half Interest In crood paying
manufacturing business. 1427 Market et.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LOUtiHU-UOUSES FOIl HALFw
MARION GRIFFIN,
______
406 Hearst building, over "Examiner" en-
Comer 3d and Market sts., San Francisco, Cal.
Modern business methods In fine front offices.
Phone Black 3607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract with every sale.
trance.
We make any sale on our installment plan.
Hotels, rooming and apartment houses for sale.
ANOTHER high-class proposition ; 82 rooms,
very expensively furnished by a connoisseur;
rent only $451; long lease; electric elevator;
private b_th with each suite: everything Al;
exclusively for sale by MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT-HOUSE full of tenants who
do all their own work; landlady only sweeps
the halls; 24 rooms, all light and sunny; near
Market and Van Ness; you pay $1000 down and
bcrrow balance of MARION GRIFFIN.
50 rooms; new building; new furniture; sani-
tary enameled beds; rent $200; 6-year leaa»;
electric lights: price $3500: profit depends on
ability of manager; exclusively with
¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
BEAUTIFUL furnishings are appreciated by
ladies of refinement in all civilized countries,
but In none are the connoisseurs more critical
than those in this city, and none could 'find a
dtfect in thu exquisite draperies, golden oak,
birdseye maple and rich velvet carpets in this
sunny corner house of 37 spacious rooms, fur-
ni-hed in Feb.. 1804; $2000 is required as 1st
payment: exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
EXCHANGES. ~ ~~
Exchanges of All Kinds Mad« Daily.
40-room house, worth $3500: clears $17S; to
exchange for a smaller bouse.
Also _0-room house, worth 81600, clearing
$72 monthly, to exchange for smaller house.
Also a swell 17-room house, clearing $80
monthly, to exchange for about 80 rooms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
¦
53 LARGE, well-furnished rooms In a corner
houre; thoroughly cleant painted new inside and
outside: 27 big windows; rent orfly $225, with
a transferable lease that runs 5 years from 12th
of next August; guaranteed to be Hearing $200
per month; price $4000. MARION GRIFFIN.
FLAT of 8 rooms, newly furnished; rent $25;
S rooms rented for $36; price $250.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HEADQUARTERS for Lodging-Houses. •¦'' .¦•-
C. E. HINKLET. Phone Mint 79«.
1020 Market Rt., Opposite Fifth.
Former Patrons My Best References. '
CLEAR TITLES AND EASY. TERMS.
lOO rooms: downtown corner; country; trans-
ient $7000
44 rc>om*: modern apartments; sacrifice; nee
this .....: $."5250
31 rooms; transient; clears $160; lease.. $1300
14 rooms: O'Farrell: rent $42; Dickup.. . .$500
2T> rms.; mod.; new fur.; elegant: lease..$2000
fl rooms; flat; sunny ..\.$175
8 rooms;' newly furnished: offer wanted.. $275
Call for our large list. HINKLEY.
HINKLEY'S EXCHANGE BUREAU.
Large llrt of ranches, country hotels and
property: lodging-houses and other business
exchanges.
C. E. HINKLEY, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
100 ROOMS: sunny corner; rent $125. ...$4500
10:) rooms: clears $350; low rent ....$6500
80 rooms; furniture nearly new ..$3800
40 rooms; fine location, north of Market. $1000
4U rooms; In Oakland; new; rent $60.:. ~. $2500
12 rooms: half cash: cheap relit.. ..$000
Money to loan on furniture. . EITEL &
CARROLL, 212 Kearny st. „ ,
80 ROOMS;-' elegant new apartment house, 3
and 4-room suites: 60 rooms, furnished; rea-
sonable rent; charming: location; sunny. Box
354g. Call office. .
FOR SALE — 14 housekeeping room*; rent $60;
. must go away; $325 cash. 947 Mission st.
MUST sell, going away 2 weeks— 14-room
rooming house at 315 Twelfth St.; look' at
this if you want to buy; no agents, deal
¦with ¦ owner.
14-ROOM house: re$t $45; . near Larkln and
Hyde sts.; full of roomers: owner will sell
for $G50; thla week. Box 3522, Call office.
ASTHMA E j ME3 ?3jL
A Dl Nola's .\7thma U-meiiy relieves instant-
ly. 10c. _5c. Sue. 16*'- Market. St. Nicholas
A tJTO 31 OP 1 1_3 T FO R I SALB.
7£Zc^5~nASV automobiles in flret-clas«i
*h_V* for rale cncai>. Inquire at *U GolOen
Gai»» ave. : phone Howard S"l.
ADV-KT-'Sruccarr wsnrao.
HAVING? recently acquired through exchar.se
,j nrcccrty three $il> fci-riolarships In the best
Ccllese Ot A-vrrti-ine in thf Unite- -talcs.
I t\)U Mil them at _5 per c.-nt discount Ur
<_ih: the collcse teachen advertising trrlt-
:v.r by corierixjadence ar.d assist™ its graa- ,
__tes to secure positions; catalogues fur-
rUhcd or. application. Address box »0_C. _all.
A'i'TOK.\EV_-AT-LA\V. I
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
See in<5 and »«> money; no pay in advance
G. \y. HOWE. ATTORNEY- AT-LAW.
Bstabllebed __ yr*. : rms. 1. '-'. :s. 1 <_ 0. 1st 1.
l}22 ilarkei tt. between Mason and Taylor.
A_vUe frc e all "matter?. Detectives employed.'
7 -ADVICE FREE
Columbian I-aw & Coll. Aecy.. r. S3. 91«
Market: phone John «_•£;' open evenings;
transacts at most reasonable rates all legit-
imate law bueiness: bonds furnished In crim-
inal and civil ra*e«: email collections taken.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldjr..
Cth floor, entrance room fill; established 20
years; all cases, genera! court and office prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $11'; no fees or
costs In advance: all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. S19 Market st., r. 31.
DIVORCK cheap, speedily, quietly: call on us
'ert going elsewhere. Phone James 6221;
room 41. 010 Market st.. opposite Emporium.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; cpen evenings. 027 Market st- rm. 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity: advice
Tree: costs f 12. Ad. D.A.S.. P.O.box 2109. S. F.
L S. CLARK. 1)27 Market st.; consultation
frr": no '»«i in nrtvanoe- np>ti evening*.
BOAt-DIKG FOR CHILDREX. j
LADY wants 2 children from 5 to 13 years to
board In country. MHS. BENTHAM, 325
Bartlett Ft., city.
BV_!.M_S_ CHANCES.
A— ?.15O: branch bakery and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent J25; fin* location;
good bu-lners. See It. G. W1LICIE. _GVa
Kearny st.
A— $35(0; one of the best meat markets In this
city; 5 years' lease; rent $50; weekly sales 6
cattle. 5 calves, 5 hogs. 25 sheep: a splendid
location. Call R. G. WILK1E. -6'6 Kearny.
A— $2000; _aloon. vicinity market. Ellis and
Stockton ste.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; flirt-class business. Call R. <-*¦
WILK1E. 26U Kearny st.
A— $000; saloon, vicinity Taylor and Turk 6ts.;
rent $50; this Is a irood paying and old es-
tablished business; a wo^kincman's place;
rare than ct See K. G. WILK1E. -0^ Kerany.
$3000; grocrrj' and bar, on Fourth st., about 1
block from Market st. ; lease; good paying;
establish ?d years; stelmeaa only cause of sale.
Call R. G. WILKE. _U!£ Kearny st.
A— $ir>00 — DAIRY produce route: " butter and
eggs: establiyhed 5 years; 2 horsee, 1 wason;
owner clears above $150 per mo: good cash
bufiness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $5000; HARDWARE store; gpecialtie*.
locksmith, electric bells, model-making, ma-
chine work etc.; estab. 20 years; located
Fir-th st.; large stock. See R. G. WILKE.
_C*± Kearny st,
A— *1COO; RESTAURANT In San Rafael; dally
receipt* $25; rent $30; must b» fold at once;
good place. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny..
A— $10C0: DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; close to Market st.: dally receipta
about $40; rent $45; good business; value in
Ught. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— JoOOO; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business; store receipts about $00 per day;
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
ca*h or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE. 28V4
Ktarny st.
A — $2600: CORNER grocery and bar, on Powell
ft.; 5 years' le_se; rent $40; 'business estab.
years and first-class paying; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $5000; THR leading saloon in manufacturing
town of about 5C00 Inhabitants: 6 years'
teasel rent J«0; full value In sight; flrst-class
paying business; about Se_ T-iies from S. K.
Call K. G. WILKE, 26^ Keamy st.
A— $«000; CORNER grocery and bar with 5
years' lease; rent $73; 2 horses; 2 wagons;
average caah store trade $2500 per month:
dally bax receipts $23; full value In sight;
location the best in the city. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $75O : EALOON on Montgomery st. ; plac»
established years; owner clearing about **.23
per month: investigate; a bargain. Call H.
G WILKE. -6H Kearny at.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg.;
8 years' lease; net rent $120; this is one of
tbe beet saloon locations In this city, and
• live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $1100; SALOON, with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bush sts.: rent $75; lease; place
easllr clears $C0O per month; nice fixtures.
choicest stock of liquors. All particulars of
R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
GRAND opening for right man; general mer-
chandise store; except groceries; out of this
city; sales $MK> tn $900 monthly, profit 35
per cent; price $2500. or will invoice; well
established: fine location; low rent.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 400 Examiner bid.
GENTLEMAN with $r»0.000 to $40,000 can pur-
chase controlling interest in business estab-
lished 40 years: paying 20 per cent a year on
Investment: fullest particulars given to re-
sponsible parties; no agents. Address box
33S4, Call.
$900— A NEAT cigar, stationery and notion
store In thriving country town; several good
agencies; large yard, dwelling separate; good
barn; rer.t 3 buildings $100 per year. Ad-
dress box iet>4. Walnut Creek, Cal.
$500 — FOR eale, a good milk rcute in mining
and sawmilUn- town of over 2000 Inhabi-
tants; recei-ts now over 5200 ner month and
can be increased; w!!l sell or leaee stock.
Address M. C. A.. Call offle*.
FOR sale — Grocery store; good family trade;
owner retirinc from business. Inquire of
owner at 1231 Park st.. Alameda, Cal.; rent
reasonable: 15 year» in business.
FOR sale — Old established wholesale and retail
.wine and llouor businesR connected 'With a
fine bar trade: downtown; srood chance to
mak<* mcriey; no agent*. Box 3355, Call.
A HOTEL for rent or for sale; furnished or
unfurnished: the only hotel In town. Inquire
for particulars. Address MRS. L. LIEBER,
Brentwood.
FOR EALE— Half interest in a well "establish -
ed real estate buslnets In a small city In
California; war.t a good working partner.
Box 1963. Call office.
FOR SALE — Half Interest in a good contract -
Ing business where yon can deal with half
the property owners In the city; price $500.
Box 1S76. Call office.
$15^000~FOR whole or will sell half interest
in a contracting business in one of the larg-
est cities In California; large stock on hand.
Address for particulars, box 1S52. Call.
FOR BALE— About $2250: one of tbe best
paying grocery stores In San Francisco; large
trade: horses and wagon*, etc.; stock new
anl clean. Box 32SS, Call office.
RESTAURANT, delicatessen and liquor store;
3 living rooms; yard; must be sold; owner
has other business; clears $150 month; rent i
$20"; will stand investigation. Box 1SS0, Call.
FOR rale — A long and well-established busi-
ness; good location. Interested parties may
nddress Oakland Postofflce, box 229.
WANTED — A partner in dry goods. I clothing !
and shoe business with J2500. in a thriving
town in California. Box 1915. Call office.
$3r>no — GENERAL merchandise store In email
town in farming community, near coast.
Particulars box 1768. Call office.
FOR SALE: — An established picture framing
business in city across the bay; good trade.
Box 1EU. Call office.
$350- -HALF Interest in tfce manufacturing of
an article that* all window? jiaed; big profits.
Addr'ss box ISCi. Call office.
FOR SALE — Grocery business In a prosperous
bay city; splendid trade and Increasing con-
stantly; (rood, clean stock. Box 1781. Call.
$450 — RESTAURANT In fine location :~good
irsdo; or will take a partner lor (£_&. Ad-
.rc*K box 10S3. Call office.
PART.VER by Alaska mlner;experi. not neccs.;
small capital ; good prospect. Call 739 Hyde.
$1200 — A FINK grocery and bar: account of
ff!ckne«s. 1229 Cortland ave.; Miaslon cars.
FOR fale — The Union Uctcl; manufacturine
town; B«r.lcia. Cal.
FINE rewspaper rcute for sale. Inquire at
this office.
j FOR SALE — A small brewery plant In this
1 city. For particulars address box 1974. CalL
THB^G^IJL!
JOHir D. SPItECKEl-S, Proprietor^^
V.\ J. MARTIN But?Ioe-i^M-^iser
T1.N UOIXAKS KI_\VAIU>.
Notify The Call Oflice If You Miss
Votir l»u;icr.
If rcr any c_a.e THE CALL '_ act de-
livcrc- reamlarlv to «abscri_cr» please j
call up "CAX.I. EXCHAITGB" and notif.7
fiubscrltJticn Clcr_ i- ctarsre. _"c_r com-
rials. vt1:1 receive rrompt attention.
A ct-adins: reward of Ten Dollars
(£10.00) is c_"cred lor tbe arrest and
convictics cf say one tsxutUt stealiusr j
V-CE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator ""Con-
nect Tcu Wjth the Department \ou v\ i*a.
PubUcaticn Orf.ce U_r_et and Third. S. F.
lic.tor.,! Booms/ 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Dtiivered h;. Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 <-«•
Terrr.i by Mail, Including Postage (Cash Witn
Orderj: „
EAILT CALL <in;iud. Sunday). 1 year $8.00
PA ILY CALL Unclud. Sunday*. 6 moi *^>
r>AILT CALL— By _ing;e Month «;•£
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Vcar f-£J
"WEEKLY CALL 1 Year lw
f Dally. . .$S.8O Per Tear Extra i
FOREIGN J Sunday. Y 15 Per Tear Extra
POSTAGE. \ Weekly. 1 -00 Per Year Extra I
ALL POSTMABTEBS * AKli AL'THOUl-ED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
__:_Fie Copies will oe forwarded whan re-
quested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of a<J-
_rcts »hou!<2 be rarticular to give both NKW
AND <J_.M AlJW!_i-S in order to' insure a
Xircn:j>t aisu cvrre.t compliance with their re- j
C.UCSI
OAKLAND OFFICE:
Hit PmfciT Telephone Msln 1J»3
EEP.KEL2T OJ-TICE: __
£148 Center Stieet Telephone North ..
VTASHtNGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BAKLXLW. WAUL Hotel Barton
NKW YCtKK NKVVS STANDS:
V\6!d.rf-A5toria Hole!;" A. Brectano. 31
ftloti Square; Murray Hill Hctcl; Fifth-ave-
:;ur Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hour*: P. <->. News Co.: Great
Northern- lijtel: Tremoct House; Auditorium
Hutd; Talrner Houee.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEOBGE KROGNESP-.Marquctte Building
«lxng Distance Tilephone, "Centrsl _til9.").
NKW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN V. SMITH U0 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BL'PINEES OFFICE of the fian Francisco
Call, oorr.rr V.arket and Third street*; open
ur.tl! 12 o'clock every r.'.cht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
l<";s Market «-tr**t, cpi>OEite Kifth; cpen until
11 r- m.
BS7 Montrorrery street, comer Oay; open
until V-.'M r. m.
"><¦'¦> Haves ftreet; or«?n until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister Ftrret; cpen until S»:UO r- n_
' nr, i_tikin street; opes until 0:.>o p. m.
l?'4l Mission street; cp*n until 10 p. m.
Z'M Market street. «orner Sixteenth; optn
ur-tfl 9 p. m.
:"¦. Kloventh ttrwt; or>en until 9 p. m.
lfWti Valencia rtneet:" op»n ur.til 9 p. m.
•5»— I 111 Cast corner <"hurch and Duncan streets;
o:>*>n until 3 p. tn.
Northwest rorner ot Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftreets; <?r*=n until S» p m.
2509 FiHmorc Etreet; cpen until 3 p. m.
ro srnscnminis leaving town
ror. the summei:.
CALI. s-bscrlbers costemplatlca' a
rhasire of residence dnrlnr the STunxner
rncstbs c_a bare their oaper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify*
_3tr TEE CALL Business Office. This
riper will also be en ._le at all luramer
resorts asd is represented _y a local
arent in all towns on the coast.
CHL'nCll SERVICES.
HEV DR. (AP.RADINE. holiness evangelist?
will hold a series of meetings at Peniel Mis-
Bton HsII. 43 TUrd ft. < ontrar.ee on Stevens>n
M.i. May 6-36. Services _:3O and 7:30 p. m.
MEETIXC NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R A. XL ft
will rn«*t THIS (TUESDAY) EVEX- YY
ING, M_y 1". at 7:CO o'clock. M. M. /^/\
d'Crw. By order of the H. P
._ FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Locxe No. SO, F. and <•,
A. If. — Called meetinc THIS (TITES-
I»AY» evening at 7:30 o'clock. First
Cfprte. By ~ni»>r ef W. M. '
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
MOUNT Moriah Lo<Jse No. 44. F. and _!
A. M. — Officers and members are re- *^V*
Spectfully requested to assemble at the
temple THIS DAY at 9 o'clock a. m.
for the purpose of attending the funeral
. obtwjuies of our late brother, GEORGE
tJOODMAN. late member cf Live Oak Lodge
No. 01. Oakland. C»l. By order of the W. M.
¦_ THEO. FRO-.I-CH. Sec.
MISSION Chapter No. 7t», R. A. M.— m
M.— 'Hiird decree THIS CTUESDAY) Vy
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. M. M. de- ,^^V
ptf. By order of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lod_e No. 144. F. and A. 9
M.— Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) W
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. f^\
' A. S. HCBBARD. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lcdye No. 260 F. «
end A. M., 18^1 FTi'.more »t.— Third *aA#"
d»*ree 7"HI? (TUESDAY) EVENING /W\
at 7:30 o'clock. '
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
"EXECUTIVE committee reception, _»^»--_fc-
P. G. I.. I O 0 F. will -., r &C&&(> r
!r r.-«om 1. <-¦-.', Fellows' building
.- WEDNESDAY EVENING. May " 5 WWI*# 5:?
:l. at K o'clock p.m. WM. H. UARNE5=.See.
[TAXHOE LODGE No. B. K. of P.. -go.
rrtll confer the Knight rank flonu
fern-.) WEDNESDAY. May 11. 13«>4,
st Pjthtin Castle. OCS14 Market st.. /3§Sj>
at S:SO p. ra. Memlxrs of sinter «cc>*'^fc
• UAf-r cordial!- invited. R.W. BANKS.C.C.
O. NORCItOPS. K. of R. and S.
CASTLE Ha'.!. South San Francisco
' Ltrfse No. 45. K. of P., Fourteenth *£$&£*
"ar.d Railroad aws. — The officers "%Xj§
t>ni raoti:b«-rj> o? South Kan Francisco C^^t
Ijodre No. 4.\ K. of P., are hereby -—2*^^
'.. notified to aMTd the convention* to be held
n TTESD.VF EVENING. Msy 10. 1904. at
• 7. SO n'clov!:. for the purpose of conferring
tie Knisht rark on eiirht Esquire*; the work
v> be «V-ne Cong form) by the team cf OoMen
City Lodje No. C3. All Knights and sojourn-
"j\g brother* are cordially invited.
V. H. WCLFF. C. C.
H. C. HENCKIvN. K. c{ R. and S.
2IE.MBERS of Tanjalpals -. '
fc'nu are h»r. Vy notified to yjj^tt^-Jti
r.ner.d th« funeral or uur ;*£^^bsW«_i-)N
late neighbor V;.«t Con- E__Cl3S_CSQ4-'
«ul «:or_m_ncer, E. H. **«
WARREN, frcm H. F. Puhr's undertaking
carters. 1137 ilis^ion fi.. at 2 o'clock rharp
THI_ (TUEPTJAY) AFTERNOON.
A. G. GILSOX. Clerk.
•ANNUAL MEETING — The rrjular p.nnual
. • meetlna; of U;e stockholders of tbe Olympic
Etlt VTater Ooinpeny will be held at the
* r-ffice of the company, 327 Market street. San
Francisco. Cal., on Mondsy the _3d day of
Mty. VjO*. tt the Tiour of 3 o'clock p. m.,
fcr th» purpose ef electing a heard cf <51-
r*"ctor- 1 to r-cr*'* for the ensuing year, and
. ih* traftaactlpn of tuch other bu?lnes» cs rnav
coma before the nieotls?. TranrJer books wlfl ,
close on FVidar. Msy 1.1th. T!>04. at :t r/cioclt
: f..-m. CHAKLES A. CIBSON. Secretary.
THi: Californ!a Lw»brla Commission having rt-
oHved arr'ication to mine by hydraulic pro-
* fe*s fretn Varinda Mlr.lrisr Company It Va-
rinda mir.e. near Indian Direinjts. El Dorado
C'snnty. Cal.. tiralr.tns into Ce<!ar «.'reek.
vhich reaches C---Eutnr.es River. civ»« notice
that ra«etire vi:i t>e h«,ld at rmm 8<J. Flood
lt # ul!_!n«;. Pan Francisco. Cal., May S3. 1004.
nr J :3O r. in.
AGKVTS WASTED.
WANTED— Men and women to represent a
* Chicago hG*j*c; established route« of trade,
rlc.; rxperlenw unnecessary; ralary $C5 per
rv». and a'l orpenw^s. AJdrens L.. Iill Van
Ness ave.. Fun Xr_nclwo. Cat.
A/IENT?-An aa-ency for a prir> n «!tlon that ts
a <JecS<'»«I iinprpveoejjt oa building; _„¦_ loan
!*-vorih havlrjr. Great Western Improve-
ment Cot_?ai;y. rnr:ott 1 u:Ki.->s.
J'tKTVMnF— .Something n»-w: ladles-gentle-
men : Cf°d v*y. A;t r.:s Outfitting Co., M0
Goidea Gate ave
THOSE WHO D'O NOT MAKE A PRACTICE OF MMLM,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. . TUESDAY/ MAY 10, 1004.
13
IIO03IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. .
ALL sunny: 3 or 4 rooms, furn. or unfurn.. ST.
CHAItLES Afr'M'T'S-: 15CU Sacramento st.
ELLIS. 117S — Nicely furnUhed sunny parlor
and kitchen; bath: phoae; no children.
FELL. 222—3 sunny housekeeping rooms.
FlLLMor.E, 21.T — Bri_ht. sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water, gas.
FOLSOM. SCO — 2 large housekeeping rooms;
reasonable; al*o room with stove, |7. •lftgle.
GOtiGH. 211 — Three sunny corner unfurnished
_rooaia; gas. bath, phcne. etc.; adults.
¦ GUERRERO. 54.8 — 3 sunny housekeeping room*.
partly furnished. v
KNICKERBOCKER Aoartroents. 1340 Pin*—
Sunny. turnUhed 3-rocm suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.
LARKIX. SOJ — Sunny front housekeeping
suite. $13: large back room. $9.
LARKIN, S17>i— Nicely furnish**! sunny front
room; folding bed; xa.% stuve; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. W-l, cor. Laguna — Furnished
>tx>in fur light housekeeping; running water.
STOCKTON. 12Ort— Newly furnished single]
double housekrg. rooms; bath; gas; $3-$12.
TAYLOR. 501. near G*>ary— Corner suite. 3
nice housekeeping outside rooms.
TEHAMA. 43 — Thr*e housekeeping rooms.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions receive* at
Call Lranch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of Th* Call for the rec^pttca
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite FiftS.
'T)p*r. until 11 p. m.
APASTMEXT HOTT3S3.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
1064 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny: 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now.
ST.CECILE, 115 Fell.above Van Ness ave.— Th»
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly for*
nished 3- room apartmects.wlth private baths,
steam hot, electric llght.elevator. gas ranges:
$30. $35. $37. $40. $45. $47 £0. «50. 153.
$27 50^ — 3 ROOMS and bath. furn.. $33; 4 rooms
and bath, $30. furn. $37 50: sun In every
apart.; new houae. beautifully finished; gaM
ranges In unfurn. ' apart?. The Malken. 31
Central ave.. ntar Halght st.
ST. LOUIS, 1573 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rocms; also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marina view; references. Phons* East 1330.
K UU.1II!! TO LKT— Km r n. w wrt ___>¦___-_
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth st— Room*
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 2oc. 50c. $1. $1 SO night;
$1 50 to $10 week: hous* open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; zlso unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furr.ished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The), tils Post. nr. Taylor— Just *
opened; desirably located; sunny single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot acd coli
water. 3team heat, electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 if desired.
1 ELEGANT and reasonable transient room.
! Address G.. box 32K0. Can.
' GEARY. 4CS — 3 sunny, clean, nicely furnished
rooms.
GEARY. 6fi0 — Elegant sunny front bey-wlniuw
rooms; piano; other rooiss; kitchen; reason.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35a
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $e wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD. l»>09 — Front alcove room, suitable
1 or 2 crentlemen: gas. bath: private family.
HOTEL DUFFKP.IN. 740 Ellis — Elegantly fur-
nished suites and single rooms.
JESSIE, 323 — Sunny, clean and neatly fur-
nished bedroom. $1 t5 week.
MISSION. 1203 — Sunny furnished rooms for »
or 2 gentlemen.
O'FARRELL. 623 — Nicely furnished, large.
sunny double room. $14; also sunny sins la
riom, $7.
O'FARRELL. 1424 — Large bright unfurnished
rooms.
POST. 8S0. near Hyde — Large furnished, front
room ; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
ROYAL House, 12tJ Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per nisht, 35c to $1 50; week. $3
to $S; month. $3 to $30; elevator on ground
flcor; rocms with hot and cold water: bath*.
SOUTH PARK. 37 — A nice sunny furnished
room.
TAYLOR, 024. cor. Sutter— 2 housekeeping
rooms. $16; 2 single room?. $10 each; all
sunny.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 40O
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; el*e- j
trie lishts (no gas), running water In ev«ry
rcom; elevator.read.-rcom: free bus; baggasc.
VAN NESS ave.. 519 — Elesant front parlors
and adjolnlsz suite for office or club.
WANTED — 0 men to rent furnished rooms at
t"25 Sansome st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $9 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus: baggaT*.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st.— Rooms from I3o
to $1 per night and from 90c to $5 per week.
4-ROOM flat; sun all day. Northwest corner
Nineteenth and Collingwood sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received a.'.
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sta.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th» receptloa
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Or?n until 11 p. m. -
Ktl<4.U> A.NU IIOAKD.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1C15 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70H.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1224— Elegant larg»
front alcove room: gas. bath, running water,
wi'tlr board; euitable for 2: private family.
HOWARD. 841A — First-class board A room. "*
single or double. $3 4: $8 week; Amer. family.
ROOMS AXD nOARD WASTED.
GENTLEMAN would like rrom and board IB
private family: Berkeley. Fruitvale or Pled-
mont; state terms. Box 33)8. Call.
~ ROO1IM WANTED
RESPECTABLE German couple, no children,
wish permanent 3 large, sunny, furnished
housekeeping rooms; convenience, quiet neigh-*
borhood. west side, close In; $15 to $2u *
month; private house: ground floor preferred.
Address box C325. Call office.
JKWING 31ACI1I.\E» A.MJ .ttPPLlK*.
THE WHITE 13 KING —
Has finest furniture; ball bearlns stand; runs
lightest; does best work: makes lock or chaia ""
stitch; made in vibrator or rotary shuttle
style; retail prices frpm $20.00 to $100. CO:
used machines of other makes at from (5-tx>
to $13.00: when you buy or rent a Whit*
you get the best sewing machine on earth.
San Francisco retail offices 3GO Pest St..
1S41 Flllmore st. and 70S Valencia st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family us«;
best Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds ranted lowest rates.
Domestic office. IC21 Market, near SIxtb.
NEW HOME — See our new tripl»-fe«l ma-
chines', slightly used; $10 $13. $20; second-
hand. $.1 $3 $3: all styles: guaranteed. Ktw
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1C51 Marku st.
LEGAL ____________________!_______¦
KTT^E'HTaiTcoiyRT^OF JUSTicE^lKTRE^
LAND, Chancery Divlsfbn — Pursuant to •
ludgicent made in an action wherein FRED-
ERICK WILLIAM DOBBIN Is plaintiff anil
J\NE HERON DOBBIN and others ar« de-
fendants U9C3. No. 856).— JA1IES HENRT
IDQBBIN. formerly of Tullamore, who If
living is entitled to a share of the real es-
tate of JANE DOBBIN, deceased, or If dead.
hw issue If any. or hu devisees. Is or are
on or before the 20th day of May. 1904. to
com« In and prove his or their claims at th»
chambers of the Hon. Mr. -Justice Barton.
Four Courts, Dublin. Ireland, ©r in default
he or they will be peremptorily excluded
from the beneflt of the said Judgment.
Wednesday, the 1st day of June, 1004, at
11 o'clock In the forenoon, at tte said
chambers, is appointed for hearing and ad-
judicating on the claims. Dated thl« 31»t
day of March li>O4. H. A. COSGRAVK.
Chief Clerk. HUGH MULHOLLAND. So-
licitor. 13 Bachelors" Walk. Dublin, and
LJsburn. - '
STITTERISG ASD STAM31EKl\f*.
MELBOURNETnstltute. Van Ness * Market,
promises cure if in fair health; hours 1 to 5.
Continued on Pas© Fourteen, __.
I'.GAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR/ SALli. {
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * CO..
»CS MARKET ST.
AUCTION-
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY .*... MAY 10. 1004
, At our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon.
DOWNTOWN CORNER.
Northeast corner of Fine and Jones nt. ; lot
43x82 :C; Nos. ltOS Pine and 1004 Jones st.:
improvements consist of large frame building
containing 22 rooms, including furniture, etc..
leased for 5 years at a monthly rental o£ $210;
also a substantial residence containing 11
rooms and bath • renting for $50 per month,
leased for one year. This property will be
sold to close an estate; price will be subject
to the confirmation of the Probate Court.
MASON-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 508 Mason Bt.. 82 feet north of Post.;
improvements consist of 2-story dwelling, con-
sisting of 7 rooms and bath and renting for
$50 per month; water payable by tenant;
mortgage of $3000 at (5 per cent; could obtain
3 times this amount. This property Is partic-
ularly valuable, being Immediately adjacent
to the corner.
BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
S.E. corner of Page and Lyon sts.; lot 25x
100 feet; improvements consist 'of a modern
3-story building, consisting of 2 spacious
stores and 2 modern flats containing S-9 rooms,
porcelain baths, finished attic, etc.; perma-
nently rented for $180 per month.
SEVENTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 316-316% Seventh St., BE. of
Folscm st. ; improvements consist of 2 very
fine fiats of 3-4 rooms; rent $30 per month:
property In close proximity to the new Post-
office. ,
DOWN-TOWN BUILDING LOT.
N. line of Fulton st, 150 west of Larkln:
lot 25x120 feet, througlr to Ash ave.; this Is an
exceptionally dtslrable site, being absolutely
level and in the business vicinity. It would
be a particularly choice location for the erec-
tion of stores . and flats, being only one-quar-
ter of a blcck from the New City Hall; mort-
gage of $3500 can remain
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 4033 l!)th st.. near Hartford: a new
modern cottage containing 5 rooms, porcelain
bath, patent flush toilet, open plumbing.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
Lot on the west line of Chenery st., 175
feet NT. of Randall; lot 25x125 feet.
MISSION CORNER. •
S.E. corner of 19th and Sanchez «ts.; ex-
tremely large lots. G7xl05 feet; stores and
fiats erected on this property could be made
to pay handsomely.
MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 64-<j6 Sycamore ave., bet. 17th and 18th
sts.. east of Valencia; lot 26x100: Improve-
ments consist of 2 very fine flats of 4-5 rooms
each; rents $30 per month. 1 •
DOWN-TOWN COTTAGE.
Northerly line of Valparaiso st., feel
east of Taylor: lot 23x60; Improvement con-
sist of a cottage of 5 rooms, renting for $15
per month.
TEHAMA-STREET FLATS.
No, 440-42 Tehama St., west of 5th St.; Im-
provements two very fine flats of 5-6 rooms and
bath, renting for $45 per month. This is a
safe Investment and should be taken advan-
tage of. For further particulars, apply to
Z5ASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
, C38 MARKET ST.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE * CO..
638 MARKET STREET
$41,000 — 1-story attic and apartment house,
containing 22 separate apartments of 2-
3-4 rocms; separate bath and toilet in
each apartment; brand new; surety bond
lease for 10 ylars; annual rental $4800 ¦
for the flrst five years and $34CO the
following five years; tenant pays for
all repairs, water bills, etc.
$19,000—3 new flats; McAllister-st. comer; lot
37:CxlC0 feet; flats contain 7 rooms and
porcelain bath each.
$10,730 — Howard st.. near 4th; good business ,
investment, consisting of a 4-story build-
Ing containing store with 4 rooms In |
rear and lodging house of 21 rooms and
bath; rents for $125 per month; $0000
mortgage can remain.
$16,500—0 absolutely new flats, 4-5 rooms each;
rent $145 per month; mortgage $7500.
$15,000 — Business corner on Kearny st. ; gro-
cery, bar and basement and 2 flats; rent
- $140 per month; mortgage of JCOOO can
remain. This is absolutely the greatest
sacrifice ever known.
$13,000— Oak St.. near Ashbury; lot 50x137:6
feet; rents $00; 2 modern 2-story houses
of 8 rooms and bath each.
$10,5C0— Geary St., cl«ae to Van Ness ave. ; .".5
foct frontage by 137:6 feet In depth;
¦ Improvements strictly first-class; 2-story
dwelling: rent ?7S per month.
$7.000 — Business corner on 17th St.; rent $60
per month.
$6750 — Stx modern flats. * rooms each; sepa-
rate entrances, brick foundation; first-
. . ..class condition; rent $71 50 per month;
mortgage $3000.
$0,500—2 flat* on ISth-st. corner: 5-6 rooms
and bath; rent $50 per month, j
$6.500 — Double house of 6 flats. 3-3-4-4 rooms;
Al foundation: flats rented for Sn'2 per
month; mortgage af 6 per cent can re-
main; Tehama st.. near Fourth.
$6,500— Sutter st.; cottage with stable; sunny
and In first-class condition.
$0,000 — 19th st.; 2 very pretty flats. 6-7 rooms ,
and bath each; rent'$55 per' month.
$C.OCO — 3 Mission flats, 4-4-5 rooms and bath;
new: mederr plUTibins; building In n-
c»llent condition; bitumlnized street;
excellent neighborhood; rent $53 per
month. Could be Increased 20 per cent.
$4,500 — Stockton st.. near California; 30 foot
frontage through to rear street: owner
has plans for a building costing $16,000,
' which would rent for $200 per month.
$3,500 — 4 flats; separate cellar for each; 4-4-
4-5 rooms; rent $36 per month; small
street near Montgomery ave. and Green-
wich st.
$3,200 — Union at., near Kearny; 2 flats. 4-5
rooms: good foundation and nice cellar;
rent $24 per month.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE A CO..
63S Market street. «
$1.25 PER WEEK, no interest, Lots In th»
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all lei'el; no
grading .to do; ready to build your little boms
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
20 Montgomery st., room 3.
j. '
$2500— Lake st. corner; fine view of ocean;
57:0x100; 2 lots.
MAKE OFFER.
THOMAS MAGEE ft SONS.
Real Estate Agents, 5 Montgomery.
COTTAGE of 5 r. and b. on 2eth St.. near
Sanchez: modern Improvements; $2500; can
get loan of $1SOO If wanted.
$230 down for new cottage on San Jose
ave. D. COFFIX & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
FOrt wile — $S300: a fine 9-room residence, with
beautiful garden with tent. In the Western
Addition. Apply 2022 Pine St.. between La-
guna and Buchanan; no agents.
BUILD your unimproved realty; we loan full
cost Improv. and part lot at C%. MANHAT.
TAN SAVINGS BAXK. Crocker building.
FOR sale^— 7 to 9 room houses on Sixth ave.,
bet. Lake and California sts. ; Eddy-st. car*
pass the door. J. B. GLUNZ. builder.'
$32C0 -- BARGAIN: bay-window cottage. 5
rnorrs. bath and high basement: 54x114. 414
Twetity-seventh et.,nr.Noe: apply 9-2 o'clock.
$3500— 3 NEW flats. Jnnide Polk: rent $10S0
year; 27x135. Bex 33C2, Call office.
$95C0— CORNER in the Mission: rent $93 per
month. McEWEN BROS., 113 Montgomery et.
ALL work guaranteed flrst class .*>y ALII-
' BACIf& MAYKR. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE — Conn try — Fof Sal*.
5227 ACRES. Merced River, Merced County,
Cal.t appraised by court at $71,000. aseezsed
by County Assessor at $40,000, offered for
$50,000; 1 to 4 years'. time, 6 per cent; J)00
acres level grain, fruit and alfalfa land; 4327
acres rolling, tsfa* Ing nnd grain land; Mer-
ced River passes through lnnd: 000 acres can
be Irrisated. water free; no royalties; Im-
provements sood: school one mile, church
and town three miles; on direct road to Yo-
semlte: must barjyrtd to close estate; a bar-
gain; tlm profltS^Trom these lands, made the
former owner rich; fine rains, everything
green nnd Krowinc now. See maps and pho-
tos at Punnett Bros., San Francisco. Address
J. W. KNOX, Attorney-at-Law, Merced. Cal.
GREAT bargain — P.lch. Irrigated farms; bin
cantl; free water right; very cheap: easy
ttrms; hemeseeker's opportunity. C. M.
WOOSTER CO.. C4S Market SL.
5-ROOM cottare at Larkspur: almost new;
modern; fin* for summer residence: % mile
from station: $1100; $100 cash, balance. $12
per month.
¦ ' W. N*. RUSSELL.
" 301 ¦ California t>t., San Francisco, Cal.
ALFALFA lands. % otock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
lcgues sent free. C -M. WOOSTER CO.. CIS
Market St. . - . ¦¦."..-¦
A WF.EK'P news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
. 1(5 uaeex. In wrapper, for nalllr.r. $1 vrr vi»*r.
PO1ST ;RICHMO.\D REAL ESTATE.
LAST chance-^-$5'monthly; lot? any tract: flrst
¦ price, flrst choice; hear. sites bought for fac-
U'rieg. etc. A. V7. BELL. 211 Montgy.. 8. F.
4 CHOICE lots, cheap. 328 Bush st.. 3d floor,
room -4. . " ¦-.•-.,.. ¦. . - .... /¦
specialists:
CATARRIL DEAFNE^Tand I NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods: 1 week's treat-
ment trt: Dr. Cottlngbam. 204 Sutter st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 POST STREET.
, $41,0C0— Post-st. corner; lot 50x62:6; splendid
business property; 3 stores and 4 flat*;
new building; rents $266 30 per month.
$30,000 — Post-3t. corner; downtown location:
lot 25xS0; store and flat above; rent*
$125.
$30.000 — Devisadero st. large lot, 60x110: new
bnlldlng of 6 flats of S rooms and bath
-each; rents $190.
$18.000— Fulton st. ; lot 27:6x112: new build-
ing of 3 flats of 8 rooms and bath each;
rents $110. !
$7,0CO— Page st.. near Scott; lot 23x137:6; j
house of "v rooms and bath.
1 $7.000— Clay st.. near Cherry: lot 67x127; cot-
tage cf 4 rooms; portion of lot vacant;
will subdivide.
JS.250— Broderlck st. near California: 2 flats
. of e and 7 rooms and bath each; lot
27:bxS7:6;. rents $63. .
$10.000— Hayes «.. lot 25x137:6: 3 flats tt 5.
1 and 7 rooms and. bath each; rents
$900 per annum. S
$6,700— Broadway, near Hyde St.: 2 flats of
0 and 4 rooms and bath each and rear
house of 3 room?; rents $38 per month.
$5,600— Folsom st., near 4th; lot 25x80: 2-
story house of 7 rooms; rent $40. :
! $7.000— Fell st.. near Laguna; lot 25x120 to
rear etreet; 2- story house of 9 rooms
and bath: brick foundation; rear por-
tion of lot vacant.
$5,000— 11th ave.. near I St.; lot 25x93; 2-
, story house of 8 rooms and bath, attic
f a and basement: price Includes furniture
complete.
$7,fXX> — Clayton St.. near Frederick; 2- story
and basement residence of 7 rooms; bath
and laundry; lot 26x101:3.
$12,000— PI eice St., near Halght: lot 25x37:1:
new building of 3 flats of "*¦ rooms and
bath each; rents $97 50.
$4,500— Vicksburg st., near 23d; lot 26:8x
117:6; residence of 7 rooms and bath.
$4,000— Union et.. near Flllmore: lot 23x100;
cottage of 5 rooms and bath. -
$12,000 — Nebraska st.. near Alameda: lot 60x
100; cottage of 6 rooms and bath; also
' stable.
$2,500 — Day st.. near Sanchea; cottage of 4
rooms and bath; lot 23x114.
$8,500 — Mason-st. corner, near Jackson; house
of 0 rooms and bath.
$6,000— Polk st.. near Vallejo; lot 23x84:6;
2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each:
rents $47 50 per month.
$8,500^ — Webster et.. near Geary; house of 8
rooms and bath; lot 23xS».
BRANCH Office of
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Corner H Street and Seventh Arenua,
Fronting Golden Gate Park.
Office open every day. including Sundays and
holidays. Horse and phaeton to show property;
splendid line of choice building lots In Sunset
District. Parnassus Heights and Richmond.
Terms— $50 to $100 cash.
Property Owners.
Fartlee owning property In Richmond and
Sunset districts will find it to their advantage
to list their property with us, either for^ sale
or rent. We have an office right on,' the
ground to facilitate business. Open every day
In the year. H st. and Seventh ave.
BEKKELEY ADVERT'S'M'XTS
BKKKELEY REAL ESTATE.
J2600— HALF block by the Santa Fe; $50
month.
$1400 — New cottage, 6 rooms, bath, pantry,
city water, sanitary plumbing; lot 50x100; ono
block from electric cars; $150 down. $25
monthly.
$850^ — Neat cottage, 5 rooms and bath; near
station of local train.
•*50O — Lot 50x120. on broad macadamised
street; ?50 down, $10 monthly; interest 6 per
cent net.
$1200 — House, 4 rooms, garden, etc.; $150
down. ?lo per month.
$ls.Vi — House, 6 rooms and bath; lot 50x130;
small barn; street sewered.
$1250 — Business corner on principal avenue;
lot 60x100.
$1500— Lot for factory site, 221x125.
$250— Triangle lot. 40X120. with creek lined
with willows: f25 down. $10 month
$1100 — House. 4 rocrns; lot 47x125; $100
down. $15 per month.
$37r> — BuFiness lot, 20x75; $2O down.
t2!K> — Lot. 50x100; $25 down. $5 month.
CHARLES A. BAILEY.
1056 University ave.. nr. San Pablo ave.,
. ' West Berkeley.
AX OPPORTUNITY.
Nearly new cottage of 5* large rooms, viz. :
Reception and dining room, polished floors,
marble fireplace, 2 bedrooms, bath, kitchen,
pantry, etc.; gas throughout; high basement
with stationary tubs and photographic dark-
room; lot 40x122:0; street W«rk and cement
cidewalks; on Grove st., 1 minute from Ashby
Station; $2500; ea»y terms. Sole agent.
H. D. IRWIN, Lorln Station, Berkeley; open
Sundays.
A SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK.
$2600 — New 6-room house, large lot, near car
lli'.e. schooU, churches; $500 cash, balance
$25 per nunth; street work complete. i
.MORAN & SWAIN,
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
BELDEN'S BARGAINE.
$1050 — An elegant elevated site for a home;
see that choice lot. 40x115, In beautiful Colleg-
Heights. .14th and Webster sts.
$4400-^-Pretty 8-room home In Linda Vista;
all new and lot 37x118.
J3C5 and $32 50 monthly — Handsome new 7-
room house, now being completed, on lot 33:4x
100; on Sycamore st.. near Telegraph ave.: in
the beautiful Merrell property; to be finished
In curly redwood, whltewood and blrdseye ma-
pif with tiled bathroom: electric service and
everything up to date and price low enough to
surprise you.
$3250— Nice 7-room cottage and lot, 41x125,.
on Filbert st.. near 12th.
$3100 — 11 per cent Income Investment and
good speculation: fine flats with 50-foot lot;
splendidly located; near San Pablo ave.; In
rapl.lty advancing district; rent $27 and can be
Increased; might consider sood lot in part pay-
ment.
$1500— Executor's sale; good 6-room cottage
and lot. 28x115. on Chestnut St., near 10th;
worth $2000 easy.
$2500 each — Only 2 more left of those Jones
•state cottages on. Jones • st.. bet. Telegraph
ave and Grove St.: right In heart of city; 6
rooms and bath; lots 30x100. and the best bar-
gains ever offered. BELDEN. real estate. 1112
Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAP LOTS. CHEAP LOTS.
$5 cash, $2 50 monthly; fine level lots; soil
and location auperb; price $75.
$10 cash, $5 monthly: level lots in nrw set-
tlement: soil and location the best; 50x145;
price $15& . , ' _ : .
$25 cash. $7 50 monthly; extra fine lots. lOOx
ir.2:6: 75 homes Just gone up; has a great
future: see them; price $300; will build ycu
a home.
Near two electric lines, school, church, wide
boulevard and adjoining East Oakland; soctlun
building up with good, substantial peep!?.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh *t.,
Oakland, oppcwlte, Broadway station; carriag*
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
GILT EDGE INVESTMENT. .
OVER HALF BLOCK IN OAKLAND. COV-
ERED WITH IMPROVEMENTS CONSIST-
ING OF FIVE DWELLNG3 'WITH AS AG-
GREGATE OF 50 ROOMS. A SUBSTANTIAL
BUSINESS BUILDING tiSilCO FEET. FOUR
STORIES. WITH AN ELL .*JOx:JO OF SAME
HEIGHT AXD AX ANNEX 30x60 FEET.
THREE FLOORS AND BASEMENT. THE EN-
TIRE STRUCTURE HAVING BEEN IN-
TENDED FOR MANUFACTURING PUR.
POSKS: STABLE AND TANKHOl'SE WITH
UNLIMITED WATER SUPPLY. THIS PROP-
ERTY IS CENTRALLY LOCATED IN A DIS-
TRICT WHERE VALUES ARE INCREAS-
ING. PRICE, $70.0CO. *
1223 BROADWAY.
FOR rent or for sale — Fcr Immediate posses-
sion hquse of 0 rooms, furnace, etc., 2 large
porches: Ideal situation on Crown Hill cor-
ner; 70x12*5 fascinating bay and mountain
vistas; air especially dry and balmy; variety
mature fruit and shade trees; elite neighbor-
hood. See owner. 105 Bayo Vista ave.. cor-
ner Walsworth. ,
'. — — ¦ ¦ ' v
S300 tTASH buys: balance payable after 5
years; a w«ll-built new house, 6 large rooms
bath etc.: everything complete and up to
date-lot .14x100: excellent location; high
and near church, school, stores, bank, street
cars. Key Route and. Santa Fe stations,
now open for Inspection. S37 37th st.. Oak-
land: take Key Route from San Francisco
OAKL>AX p STORES TO LET.
FOR RENT — Part of store, suitable offices cr
business: also basement, -1233 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE »'OR SALB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. 6chellhaas,llth st..eor.stor* .OsJkImA.
; Tr.o^r ami fuixd — coutimn- 1.
¦ LOST — At bcaLh. Sunday r.ight. black fur col-
; lar. Liberal rev.-nril. 724 '.i Market, rcom 19.
j ¦\V!1ITU 'ox ti-rrk-r. brcsr. cars, tmi>.ll scar
¦ under iw'a; lost in forest east of Affiliated
! <.'o!logr!>. RewArd $i'o at Of 0 I^carcnworth st.
i LOST — May 0 black cocker rpanlel pup; tasj
12J2: reward $5. 1S17 Mason st.
I I-"OI*N1> — Llew'lljn B?ttrr doe: owner can
have *am«' by patytBg txr"»n><ps. 23S Day st.
4IK11ICAL.
LADIES (!t?irlr.p eafc. sure and Quick relief
from irregularities consult rce; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant few;. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FRKK: 17 years' experience In all
female dit-orders; call or v.-ritc. DR. WHITE,
7C.U Market *t., roormr*7 and S.
MRS. DR. WYETH. tpecialist fcr all female
ccrcpluintj and Irregularities: instant relief
guaranteed: SO years' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable »peci.ill*t for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief cuarantped. 10CSV* Market ft., opp. 5th.
VALTKAtTS female pills; best regulating pills
apld; 1 rice $- ?K) by oxprers. Pastcur'e
tvringe and tablets; price $5. By express
I only on recent of price. OSGOOD BROTH -
I KUS. whoksale drugRists, Seventh and
i Broadway, Oakland.
DrT~g7w. O'DONNELL— All who ar7 elck or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
ccmplaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped: the ratn-t difficult cases treated;
advtc* free. Office. 101S Market st.
MRS. V. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
rpecialist: a private hmne before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, ftniale complaints: Ir.st. relief;
1 ' treatment $10;. hours. 10 to fl: 2. r > yrs. exper.
MRS. DR. GWTER. having: secured lease of
premises, is permanently located at 51 IA
Leavenworth St.. bet. Geary and O^Farrell.
LADIES' irregularities cured; IS years' ex.;
private. Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2935 Folscm st.. corner
1 26th; ladles, relief ct no fee; $10. ¦
j YOU can obtain relief; women only. DR. R.
i H. WESTON. 305 Kearny Ft.
DP., and MP.S. DAVIES «nd HINDOO HERBS;
original metho-i of treatment. 11"« Market ft.
MISCKLLAXEOL'S KUH SALB.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WCLl'MAN. 105-197 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair :t with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no paintlnc or coating; good over old
Iron tin or shinslesi; best for new roofs.
ELATERITr? ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
ID- HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, «haftinK, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented aa.i exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
tcoti with Asb:stos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks In the one and preserve the
r«w. 205 Front Et.: tel. Main 1428.
A — FINE suits, $7 50; dress pants, i'i 50. Orig-
inal MIffit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
near Bush: open to 0 p. m.. Sunday to nocn.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, rhaftln?. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-235 Epear «t.
TRY our men's shots at $1 and $1 60 pair:
foot-form «hc»3 at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam: bid.: catalog fuee.
FOR sale — 1C0 H. P. firebox marine boiler in
fine condition; cheap. Bay City Iron Works,
Oakland.
ALTERATION i-ale— Best $2 fiO hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine: open to ?• p. m. : Sundays to noon.
YOUNG and talking parrots for sale cheap.
GLORGE NICHOLAS. Fruitvale, P. O.
SINGER Sewlnz Machine office. 2244 Mission
rt. : all kinds rented," repaired: low rates.
FOR sale — Morning paper route; over 500. Ap-
rly B-. bo* .::tT.1. Cell. <
SIX horsepower gas engines. Bay City Iron
Works*. Oakland.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Bacigalupi,
moved to "Stf Mission et. -
GOOD brickiPfcking machine with 28 molds.
Cfirl«.tman Bros.. 11th & St. James, San Jose.
SECOND-HAND safes.~$55: CO-inch desk. $27.
RICHARDSON BROS., 181G Market st.
GRAND imported tumbler pigeons' (rollers),
cheap while they last. Wilson. 22!) Stevenson.
IMPROVED Wood Drlntins wp*i?s, gasoline
engines. IVjypr Machine Works. 40 Spear st.
ROUND camnine tents for sala; cheap; some
new; lGxlG. 319 -Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
A TENT for r*-nt or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO..35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush HM
BOOKS boucht: libraries purchased. King's
O!d Bookstore. i:i McAllister st.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds ar.d watches;
•>asy- payments. GARIN. 803 Hayward bldg.
BAFE.S and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1323 Market tt.
HOME good fiecend-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery Et.
MOVING plcturer, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargain?. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post St. .
CAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 1?2 Market st.
GASOLINE tnsln»s. automobiles nnd launches:
all flze*. J. K. DOAK. 46 Fremont Bt.
MISCHLLAXKOUS WANTS.
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and wiil remove
the largest building in 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.
WANTED — Cabinetmaker's pecond-hand work
bench. Address 1712 Tenth Ft.. Oakland.
GOOD 2-hand safe, not over SO. In. wide;
state Eize and price. Bex 33S9. Call.
PEPKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission; phone Eush 4B7.
WANTED— A Century Dictionary; state price
Box 344?. Call office.
MORRIS gives hfgnest prices for ladiea' and
gents' casteff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
SHOES wanted; misfit & castoff; highest prca. :
n«w * 2d-hand shoes for rc\». ,740 Mis«lin.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
AAA-HEP.MA.N' MURPHY. •
«Cl-602-e03 Kxaminer Building
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In tnikt,
etc.; lecacles, life estates and undivided in-
terests in firoperty purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 5H AND 0 PER CENT
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on city, Oakland, town
and country real estate.
Second mortgages, estates in probate undi-
vided Interests in real estate, property in
trutt; loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
107-S-& CROCKER BUILDING.
POST AND MARKET ST3.
WILL LOAN ~^
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d /
Mortgage, en real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Lew rate of Interest.
Give full particular* -._
Of property, or chattels.
Location, etc
- Box 408. Call office.
A. >T DO TOU NEED MONEY? T 7
Loans on furniture and pianos without re-
moval- Ic west rates and easiest plan In city;
don't heeltate to call; Information cheerfully
given: no publicity; reliable and square deal-
Ing. PEOPLE'S TRUST CO..
F2& MARKET ST.. ROOM 4C2, PARROTT Bldg
SALARY LOANS— ~~ ' ~~~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowlfdge of employer or
anyone: confidential and courteous treatment*
call and eet terms. Drake, 4D.1 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount nnickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest' rates ; strictly confidential. National
S Credit Co.. OS Donohoe bldg.. IITO Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain*
literal advances on diamond*. Jewelry at .2
per tent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry "store
M6 M » rkM i '•'•• *??.? n . lg * 4 - Bra °ch. 10 Third!
THE ITnlted Lean and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. <upstalr»). loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2. per cent per month;
absolute privacy. . Phone Hush 484.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
' and valuables; our fireproof. vault Is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton jphone Bush 484.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prjvacy;no commission installments accepted
BONELLI. Sfcl Eddy. Conservatory building.
, I iiiy.XV WASTED MAI.K Con.
A--2IUn&AT & RSAOT. C.4-63« C3*T ft.
. . ' PHONE ila'.u SS4K
. Leading JLir*;! '.:«""« ond^Lmbo? A6'« lls -
- •: :t^-^:^^;: r nev t^t-.alu
* . 5«. S .JJVKH.VMKNT
£jJS*3*t>^2Kne trenistt.r^. $*J0.
S3 <:.iilfrs. ruJ-.nu n. '.ia- - ¦¦; -nrr.. n. »iJ
i>!t liuurs' srork] liur.dr<t.s go.nS-
0 otrpepttta <•'.;> Job*. ?; -lay.
4*n-iTi- r« far* 4.: :•', *":."" W> ,,
." -E'.r Lsiif." :«rf> SI 60. «» ii«>'-
> —>r*:! :».-s -are fl M »3 i*0 day.
4.1 '-ii. ;«-*. Care tlta. $•". Amy.
•J. trs'-rilJ-. fi:f ?1 "0. (4 u'c? .
•VHrt.«a<Titflil. epcrate v.fe«-«-i :u*c!;ir*. fsre II.
. ;.; \ ... ' ¦ ¦. •¦ cotajpaay. Mf:»docluo Coun-
• ' :•. , fSU «'"¦ ¦•¦ f'<u::d.
.. \\Y.*' >Jr:siii. &0e fare, *¦"•:> ar.-i found.
».- ::¦:.¦. ii::u emjKt. M^ntrrey Coumy; call
"• tfrij -,"'
;i :,.yt>~i r'.acv work: f.pzcy.
. 1 u'rr. v r» r eactpctotial co»kJ lobm. $.153
• d* •¦".
2 cfr/vti Balsliw. siartb, ?! day.
4 t- j "• .-;•¦. r -i«. fsie $1 T.i'. f'o da*.
Ciirnape pttotcr. sUck.tr hansi. countr\-. H
,** h J * I
;,;.. *¦; ..el 'tii-Wr '••»:.!. 2 d'«" m^ders.
• t.ai '*** -if.- • ma::, fare 51. *W tn *7U Toun.1.
.. £l ] ¦ ;; i.ST;.! i-awyr-r. J3 day.
• Sifcn»w ;x;t.:.f:. t'snid Otara Oounty. $75.
[ - . "c:^ 1 ackers. f'.'.T'-vnt r'.noes.
*.* * k ha^ids. '»•«.» herr-. kimlwr Ctaapsuay.
•" i< "•.;¦• :¦;.:<> er and sjiiridl»" t'sajwT. f."J.
1 '^::\:t' ; u::.;ti>. dUCrfent *obs. $:»&») d»y.
** »»nde», iumlxT oooijkkair. %oQ !d. up.
• Cf-'f sa»\-*r: * i=hinglcrt. ?1 Mr 1WX». '
' C.*:*::ran. fare $i «<0. f*0 and found
* • •• LOOK.
- • ii." »K>.*V«e*ii<^rR, cily unii t-vamry, $4. f-l £>¦>.
-•. $¦„. u: 9U fiay.
1*" btadks_BUlst m.nd hclperc, t*. W. ?- day.
LJL3OCKBS.
jt; [s>Y>r»Tjrt. tiianufjtctuiinK ccinpiny, $2 <3»>.
S laiK.rerp. Itc far*. $2 day.
• « :tl«. j-.t-s !u irrigate on h«rd Tare t !. $2« M.
* S nXMJEMtSSS.
• 1 2«i Et*£i«im!&. city anJ oci;r,;ry. $75. $<&, $5n
tno .focad.
* j( •iiirTi'/j rf*»n*r». extra sto-mI >"t> s . f^S.
• «i buRKj wsth?:*. >-\t.ra g > ><1 Job". *«3
* tfc;«'.l*TS ard 3oor m»»n, extra r«x^i )jbs. *75.
3 cea-i^men, country Jcb*. *i» and fuund.
H.vyjIAK!:!!^.
25. fc*>y makers, r.iowrs. *1 2.*« Mj and foun-1.
2<. v^'-'j.j.rd-and orchard hands. |2& ?-tO fd.
:".t» iina.frs lir.a butter and chetse makers. (30
. tv IS*) and fouad.
l\i chitfiwu aud boy*. $15 to $"0 fouad.
. ' i>; bet's,: 6wk cmctortca. $50.
' i ! • \* m /nachin^ etc.. t* week up. J
MINKS.
[S«n>v£itac rr.Ir.fra. fl*t.
•TIB *'.nj:le ana douolt hand m'ners. f82 50.
;^<. w^Mchnrj-iers, m'.\ av*t California.
MEN AND WIVES.
. •; met, z.nA mrivtm f"r ranchw. $l>i. «40, $60 f«I.
•. MIlk>t and wife. $4<> and found.
'• Uardea*r; A!am»da Ob. t ¦"»'.» «n<i fnund.
- HOTKL "AND OTHER PKPARTMENTS.
2S c ¦ k?. f". f 40. fpr. *»•<>. $70 found.
• lU »,v.Vrs fi"». $•>*, ?4° and found-
. T» u:sl-.w««-h«>r». *2",' $25, $5«>. $:>5 fcun*.
12 porters, beil end elevator bojs. $30 to ilo
en<3 *:'"UEd.
~ . • LAlNPRY.
C<". laiir.\ir;roen. different d^p*rtni''r.ts. $1S to
•; - . MAKERS.
2 fir«f ? *»rrr.4 or tiresd. 1 s'cend on cakes.
.!•*• -• i'ia<^« at MURRAY ft READY.
Biggest Wares at 034-836 Clay st.
• * MIDNIGHT TELEGRAM?.
* T'.I.Ki'HOXE AND LETTER ORDERS.
Co <. lU'Tit^r << mpany. bd«s hfr»>. *C0 found.
(V!»,do tiakins 15<_- fare. $rxi and found.
F1P.EMEV.
! r.:> m- Tk. tar boats. $&».« and found.
4-horpp t«^iii3f:tcr. c'ty dairj'. $35 found.
<i?.r<i.i.tr, multlmiliionaire's residence, $35
a^4*£ouAi>-
YES.
* M;IkPr en,: uife. faty, good job, south. $40
4 $;???>;* •»)>-r.jerF far» $1 50. $.10 and found.
AT ONCE.
2 carVenierf. city job framing work. $3 50
:« da?.-
C.i'rvwT'.i'-r rough city work. $."? day.
BUTJeoOOk. ranch. $40 and found.
r.laokfTr.iih. manufacturing co., fare $1 50.
«:; -i.-.i-iy.
• ¦jnular fi»;fr. boss hore. $75 to $!*> found
Better temr hf ad -blocks, boss h«>re. $3 day.
Hand . t-atfj-er. r^ic fare, thi 50 day.
. I>x>r s;old»-r. ISc fare. $2 to $3 day.
Pjm&fcer. cily job. J3 day.
.•Lath'-r.»nd shir.cKr. BOc fari>, $4 day.
' " & UTTADT. CT4-OG Clay st.
\r thz. cal. emp. agency,
• ".* "Jhird *t.. n. ar Call bid*. : phone Bush 405
Jlii: STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVEBKMEKT WORK.
2." t^tmFtrr*. ' $<;7 SO a montii.
. * 1? Itmni »<¦»> a month.
10 /Jr.MtTE. rockmen, hammermen. $75.
2 icm tn out j>in» wood 4 v <**t. $1 25 a cord.
FOR THE (SAWMILLS.
i .'u5il-pr' ptlcn and yardmen. JyO a month
s£Ul Ixiard. Americans preferreil.
14 gcineral sawnri'l and yardmen and men
rc*» The woods, $30 to $00 a month and
•botrd.
Carj^st^r bdper, city. $2 a dav.
*!<• laborer*-, tl 75 to J2 a day.
'• t*;>ch iiands, Sonoir.a County.. $26 a month
and b«»ard.
* <:ock aifl 2 helper*, eawmill Co..' $120 a
month, CO to Ut men.
";;8n. ana helr>*r to cook. $120 & month;
<4us Nfctt. cock, plfjif* call.
'CAL EilP. AGENCY, 14 Third St.
BHOOtAJSEB waclfd on repairing; steady
Srork 75<! Howard tt.
'V.a.VTED— One n!<*kFlpl&ter. The J. Roy lance
Brass 'S-rrkF. 112 Main st.
CT4JETQ) — FJr«-claes cook for lcgs'.ns; crew;
••.-:-- n "• , • r n.cr.ir, &nd board. Box S302,
;<y.\. ••
"l^)T for pristine office; steady Job; good
sracts. lu» California st., top floor.
POT <<¦-' learn uptoleterlng trade. 410 Devisa-
d»ro et«
v.'AXTCD— 'Ext-Prirncrd hat salesman. Ap-
p;>- superintendent'* office. The Emporium.
tVrtNrtt* — Ptrons t.icy to l»>arn carriage black-
uoltlttnc K28 Harrison et.
POOTELA€K wanted; Fteady. 202 Fourth st.
V ASCYEP — A blacksmith. FcurtP*nth ave. and
N" st. Kentucky-stpeft car».
T,'AN"TEI>— 3 laborer*. Fourteenth ave. ar.d N"
. •*. ivcr.tucfcy-street cars.
OLD catabllabed 2-chalr barber shop; Ilvlns;
roo»aj». ia.'* Mission Bt.
V.AXTELt-Min to run branch stcre. Scotch
l-lf'J Tailors. ia^3 Market ft.
U>. SBSS war.te<i a.t 4071 Eighteenth ft., near
Castro."
NEAT-fa?h bay* mmaXaA. Apply euperintend-
fiarsv olflce. , THe Emrwrium. - "
V.AN1 EJ->— Errand boy* apply between 9 and
- .'Lf-i!--.^'^! lZlUs _j • I- MAGXIX & CO.
TCP. sale. <jhvsp— 2-chAir bar^r »hcpj axles;
north reason T(21 Harrison rt.
?xn\ I' -jv-ary old. to feed prees^ Knowles.
,^r:r.ter. 24-2C Second st.
KXfnP k inNCED rnan~t7 "•oTTclt and sell buFl-
-¦. n .1 < ?. ana >og g ta g hf>us< ' ? -__ f ' t< -- 313 Hearst bdg.
S-CH AIR-* barber i>'.»or: flrFt-dass busSneMr^i
coad cWoe.-* tQ4 FpUotb st, cor liS
iSlDVXJZ-AQED man to distribute Edvertismr
_j__» y [: wuRt hav« exptr.; f^agr. .rO3. Cat*
• ¦' "A1K &t:rlicr #hoi) for sale; rent $7 SO- 3
iivir.g rnjvnr; snap. 1&47 MiMlon tt.
. TWO - CHAIR barber shop for sale chean
• WILE A FIXrK. 21 O'Farrrll st. P {
1 < 'R «*1< —^-rha'r terbr fhop; rent $7 50- 3
f ming roon^: snap. 1547 Mlt-slon tt.
BABfUUdS — 3-cha".r thop for ssle; t!rkn^«« tb-
"-fi-on.. 1CO0 Valencia *u
i.j- • " ALL
M__V*°. 1«™ the nAREHR TRADE: cnly
«iffht v.-wks !-«iv'r<d; portions secured- cor.-
# v.'.r.t rpct'.cc and o.pert in«ruct!on; special
.. "fcr fe^-1 cj.taiojue itsa'led fr»e.
' ¦-" VLO» SYSTEM COLLEGE. CC5 Cay ft.
A\ ANTED— Ar, at'.e find fxpcrlmcrd wholesale
¦•• Smrdware man fcr position of price clerk in
. wlioleraic hardware hr,u«* in Sacram»nto;
. !iber«« salary to rieht rurty. Address P ""O.
Jl^os C2r; Sacraniento. Cal.
'V> ANTFI>— Lr.J'rcr* t:.R3 mechanic* to mow
that Kd Ro^kln. R'no Houre orcprletor. has
. edd^d 100 npw rocm» to the Denver House.
-17 jrh'.;"J St.: 250 room*; 20c to Soc ;j*r nlzatl
TffluN snd women wanted to learn the barber
tta<!<-. Irer cf charjre. Western Coilrj^ cf
." iiarEen. «X7 Ccmmerclal st.
¦ 1 —
, A JfAN tg tndotnitab'.e enenry and push, a good
.* talker, -ea$.er tc m&ke tticncy. F. PERSON
• *77 e»**-i:8. Parrott buU(Hr.».
\\ANTnii — A man. upholsterer preferred, to
. lake Int^rert In frrniture »rrore. Inquire 629
l>*t Main et.. Stockton. Cal.
TRT o-jr. -men's shoes, unloa tnad«. at $1 and
?1"5<T r-ri5r: foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
. . • >.;-*':-v-r tncll cnarsrs. 11 M *t..Ex*m. bid.
: : — ; — zzz ;
*__RftA?fP boy. Apply HILP. &C3 Market fc t.
FOR .sale — FkjrRlture of 1-chalr barber shop.
•'• Caps st.
I ~-~™™ x V A i^!iHr^ IAI ; K '— Con -
] ivixrow dre«s«r and caul writer, ?2."i (reck:
2 IaunUr>!ncn, for country. $35 and found,
fart raid; 2 farmer* and v.-l\e.-<. f 17 00 and
*..O and found: band far.-ycr, $.( 50 day; 2
Portccoen tnQktn, $40; circular sawyer.
S..> to $'M and board; oirias? setter, ¦«::
ray; 4wr moldcr. $3 day; 2 siwoltxr.der?.
S*> erd jro ar.d. board: fnrrcors. $::.) anJ
»4i' .\iid bcarO. 'lire reiunu'd; buUT-r.iakcr.
unall da'.ry, *:;5 er.d fnund: 2 porters, frr
IMUtUtfon, JT5 crsd (30 and f.jund; cook
un<3 wife for family l>oai<i;ns-houie, $7i: 2
' restaurant ccoks. $;o and 512 week; 3 bak-
tn. $]5 *reek ar.d fcur.d and $"u ar.J found;
E«__™.*4«faWMb*ni anJ ethers. J. B_ CRO-
1 - BL7 T. *__°9' L C-S____»crain__)to ft
WANTED- rirrt -class waiter and wife fcr
: housewoik. *W». country; C^Ofe and Wife, sura-
mer rcfori, »7j. Hoc J. F CHOSETT & CO..
___W4 t?utfr »t.
A— CONTRACTOP.S* Employment Ac»ncy, o:>r»
Washiniru-n P t. Phone Jam»E 3J0L
We hhlp daily to Novada. Government diieh
work, s hours, Ialx5r«is, roikmen r.nd team-
«ters, S2 to #:: 25 <iaj-. cheap far*.
Teamsters, new electric 11. R.. free fare.
?2 Cay.
3 rr.cre woodch^ppers. iong Job. cheap far*.
I ?1 75 cord.
j Woodcutter, factory, chenp fare. $3 50 day.
l'nor r.r,ii»r. factory. Cheap far*?. ?2 Id $0 day
risr,.lsaw}or. factory, <h<ap Sar.*. ?:i 5w day.
IVbeelsrrlgfct for ranch. *4<i found.
4 boye. snsh anJ door fp.ciory, north, cheap
for»\ $1 25 to *1 BO day.
I.. U. CLTTING & «O.
• AT CONTRACTOHS' AGKNCT.
; 85 Third Et.. 4 Telephone Main BSXL
Nevada; irainF'ert". $2 2.">; chsnp far*-; S hrs.
• Kef a da; taborem, $2: cheap fa:e: *> hours.
ltench hsuds and Cal.ir.ctmakors." %'l CO,
Stablemen, city, (¦- 30; coopers, I- 50. near
<ity.
Phir.rle Knit cutters. So-.cma Co.. $1 80 cord.
\V< cdchui j>era. $1 25. $1 CO cord; fir, nine. .
' T5!scU*n;ith. Mendoeino Co., 53. - '
Drillers. tunr»el. Cal.. $2 50. free fare.
RailrojJ tesUMter, Cal.. $2 25; long job.
j Ranch blacksmith. f49 and found.
1 M*n to wash btipgles. country, $40 and fd.
1 Kar.c-h hand. Banta Clara Co.1 $S0 and found.
HORD & MOTH.
', ANDKE'P OfflVe. 317 Stockton st.
<~h«>r. $73: second. $4<': dishwasher. $25;
lauRdryman. |*>0; fcr fp.me country resort;
b3k»r. pastry cook. Yel!oweton«> Pork. J'JO;
laundrj-tnan nnd wlfp. ?.">0; j^rter for r*-6-
! taurar.t. $:JO; heai and second butler. J50 and
&>5. tie.
i A— Hotel Gazette. 2*5 Montgomery Ft., r. 12.
Dock, pzrall hospital. $4'»; vegetable ccok
who can cook waffles $15; waiter, country,
*£5; pantry man. $30; kitchen purler. $-10.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
A MAN and wife for board ing- house, $50. sje
party 10 o'clock: butler by the 1st of June,
¦ ; $5tt MRS. XOKTON. :;n Sutter et.
YOl'NG men everywhere, copy letters, hum*
evening*. $f) Si I wesk. Send addro>fsej en-
velope for particulars Manager Dept. S 4,
hax 1411. Phila<j»!phi«. Pa.
HONEST man for plain accounts and collect-
Inn. »tc. ; i^rmanent ; refer?nc» i s and soms
cash necessary; saiary and oommiesion; no
trif.ers. 14 McAllister st.. suit? lu.
WANTED — A good mill man and amalga-
mator; state age. experience, reference and
salary expected. Box VX'i, Call office.
GENTLEMAN to solicit lor weekly paper in
northern part of city. Apply 519 Filbert tt.
LABOR debts collected; rulte, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 32S Montgy.. r. 415.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while Iearnlne. 741A Howard st.
Pension Any.. E. A. Bullis. r. 4<\ Phe'.an bids
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
SAILORS end your.g men igre^n hands) for
fhirs. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. war Mar-
ket — 700 rocms: S5o nisht; reading-rooms;
free "bus and fcaggag« to and from ferry. /
A BRANCH offlct of The Call for the reception
of an>?rt!senier.ts and subscriptions has t>»en
cper.ed at 1C0S Marhet St.. opposite Fifth.
Op*n until 11 p. m.
ALL eizea men's shoe*, slightly damaged, half
price. DCS Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET jour shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to COc. TO" Msrfotl »t.. bet. l?t and 2d sts. ,
_KELPJVTAirTED-— SOLICITOKS.
PORTRAIT eolicitors; installment plan; fxctl.
propofltion to gft orders. 525 Valencia ft.
HOUSES AM) WAGONS.
SECOND-HAND Toomey pneumatic cart, rub-
ber-tir* phaetcn, platform ge _ r ful'.top eu -
rey, open hack, rubber-tire '.oup*-, tandem
cart, pneumatic and -olid-tire ball-b<*arin?
buRgits. cheap at O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and
Golden Gate ave.
Ore 3-ton platform wa^on, one 12-foot platform
furniture wagon anJ three spring -wjgers of
ail kinds. 1501-1503 Folscm st.
FINE rlvrr bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near filack Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S. F.
EAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College — Next
cession begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
PP.. E. J. CKEELET. M0 Golden Gate av».
A LIGHT grocery wagon for sale cheap. 121&
Pierce st.. between Kddy and Ellis.
A GOOD horse fcr sa!e; at present In Oak-
land. Box Ig24. Call office.
WANTED — A good delivery fcorre] Box 1S21
Call of flee.
FOP. sale— A horse; gentle. Box 2238. Call
efftce.
CAMPING wagon; great for theatrical travel-
| ere. 127 Turk St.; owner at C40 Howard st.
HORSES of all grade* bought, told and <»x-
changed. H. ATKIN5ON. C5 Hermann st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness. work and t!rivlnr horiM?s. lBth-Valencla.
UOL'SKS TO LET. ~
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A. CO.. 20 Montgomery
PERRT. 204, near Fourth — 57; house of 3
rowns; water free. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
ft CO.. 20 Montgomery at.
HOiHES TO LK'< — KfMAiSHED.
COMPLETELY fumiehed house: 7 large, sunny
rocms; bath, large yard, basement. 104 Pierce
•t_. nr. Halght; references required. Inquire
8-12 a. in., S-7 p. m., or 207 Examiner bidg. >
DESIRABLE 2-story furnished house, with
basement and attic; eun all day; rent $7&.
S45 Achbury st.
SITTTER, 1009. near Hyde— Sunny furnished
7-rocm house; all new; references.
TO rent — Whole or part nicely furnlphed house;
8 rouir.E; all sunny. 1615 Gough et., II to 5.
FOLSOM. C47— Four rooms •and bath, com-
riete: piaho.
110LSKS — siBiiinA.x — kIksisheu
FOR rent. San Anselmo— From May 15 to Sept.
15: fully furnished 10-room house; electric
lights, stable and grounds. For particulars
apply to J. S. J.I.. Ban Anselmo.
~ LAtmCHES TO*~~BXSLil.
- I ' - ¦ --.--..--.., I ¦¦-.-.,
C A. McXEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
ct.; for plearare and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Miebarllc LAmcb CO., UnJon-st. wharf;boat-
lng & excursion*.. 5 Steqart St.: tel. John 2C86.
LOST AXD VOVXIi.
LOST— A pas-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In ihe
nasn« of LEILA E. i WARREN. No. 244-SS3.
The finder will please return to bank. \"".>.\."
LOST — A gold headed cane on McAllister^ st.,
coming from Golden Gate Park; reward.
RcDin 92, Crocker building.
LOST— A Collie pup. Return to C05 Ellis st.
and rtcilv* reward.
LOST — Saturday, May 7 going from Laguna
and McAllister its. by" McAllister and Third
st. cars to Third and Townsend «t. depot, a
purse containing $105 in gold coin. Return
to 747 Laguna st. and receive reward.
LOST— About April . 25, a white bull terrier
with two black spots on each car: answers
to name of Hector; euitable reward will be
paid for return. Apply subscription window.
Call butinttii office.
LOST— On train or boat. San Rafael to San
Frar.cisco, three diamond ring*, two of them
double bettlrgs. Finder pleasa return to
Central Bank. Oaklaiid; reward.
LOST— Silver medal with gold Initials ."1. R."
going from Ean Francisco to Shell Mound
Park Return to 1407 Fifteenth «t. San
FrancJico; reward.
LOST— -Thursday, gold medal, inscribed A. P.
P. B.. on tlw front: It has also A. M. Car-
valho above the medal; reward. Return 5S
Jackson et,
LOST — A *inan diamond pin on Cliff House
car* Sunday; liberal . reward and no questions
„ asked If returned to 1029 Franklin rt. .
LOETMvhU* ball dog: female. Finder please
return to 1042 Golden Gate ave and receive
reward. __Wtes|
llfT ADS EVERY DAT LOSE MANY VALUABLE OPPORTUNITIES
1 M.IVK) TO LOAX— Cnnllnnfil.
MONEY leaned to ealarled people, retail mer- :
chants', teamsters, bcardlng-houses, without
fecurity: easy payments, large business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bid.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
tt. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phcne Bush 4S4.
1 PER cent on furplture or pianos; no removal:
r.o commission: r.o publicity; $25 up; quid:,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearte and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1I033S Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method— To wage earner* on unln-
doreed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Ccmpany. rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO talaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other Fecurity. S. K.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
I MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance pollcier, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savinpfi Bank buildinz. 708 Market St.
\\i. po r cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFV1XG. 616 Hearst bldg.. Ex. ent.
ALL loans on fiiamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. eOD Examiner building.
M1S1CAL I.NSTRUMKNTS.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
One Erard; nice condition.... $50
One English Le Blond; good order $75
One Sterling: cost $323; new |ic."j
One Lelr.s, walnut case; flne order $175
Onf. Checkering; mahogany case ...$2B0
One Knabe, used one year, latest style; one
Etel'jway. used 2 years, latest style; one
Vose mahogany case, used 6 months; also 1
new piano, mahogany case, three strings, lat-
est style, uprlRht grand. $147 50.
$10 Squares $10.
Emerson, Kurtzman, Curomings, Hallet &. Da-
vis Steinway. Kranich & Bach, Haines and 40
others from ?10 up; easy payments— guaran-
teed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward: our line the
best our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. S(i0-04 Hayes at.
RENTING Is cur specialty ; $2 up; apply «n
purchase: Installments $4 up. HEINE-
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.: Oakland. 1252
Broadway. .
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos.
$26- uprights $100 up; orgaDa, $25. BYRON
MAUZ Y. 303 Pest st.
TREMENDOUS slaughter storage pianos and
fur.; dirt cheap. Whltehead' s. 1036 Market et.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos almost
given away. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st.
$1C5 — STEINWAY upright; private party: no
reascncblc cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos eold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMIT?. & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shonlnger, little used. Keeffe'?, 235 O'Farrell.
SOHMER Byron M.-.ujy pianos. Cccllian piano
player. BYRON JIAUZT. 30S-312 Post st.
OFFICES A.\D STORKS TO LET.
DENTIST'S office fcr rent; $20; established;
common reccptifin-room with physician. l&GS
Market rt.
HOWARD. l&fiO — Large store with four rocms
for family: rent $:S2 50.
FOLSOM. 035— Large, airy store; well lighted;
also 3 large rooms; yard; will lease.
FINE hall for lodge!", meetings, etc. ;1 to 4 times
r week: cheap. Room C, Odd Fellows* bldg.
OFFICES en Union Square; all Hsht and sunny;
fixf^d to suit tenant. 2S0 Post St.. cor.Stock'n
PERSONALS.
A fresh, smooth and young' looking face.
With a real genuine, "baby skin."
Don't rorget* the name, ii. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 7&1 O'Farrell St.. near Larkln.
Call or write fcr book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
prove? Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching *calp! r.o etain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
ATTENTION — Cut this out: superfluous hair,
moles wart* killed by absorption; $1; -per-
manent. B. ST. JOHN, hair, face specialist.
Ml Sutter st.
Cancerous lumps, sore?. Impure blood (affecting
tkln. mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
*kll'ed specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS, 1127 Market at.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT lees than cost; uncalled for futs, overcoats
andltrousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell gt.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugi dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
£12 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.
INFLAMMATORY or any kind of rheumatism,
gout and sprains cured; $1 per bottle. 1198
Folsom st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mra.A.W.Dr.Travers,1170 Market
"VITAL King" cures weak men; $2 50. poat
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Geary. S.F.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUB & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cure3 deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter, r. 60!). Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, rrlps;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN /tt CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptlon Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1: at all druggists'.
"p.WttlSTKV. ~
H. JEROME FOSELLI. "scientific oalmi«t. 515
Taylor t-t.. n*ar Geary. Pho.no Black 5CI.
PAXSITia'Q. FAPEBHAITGINO, ETC.
Painters, paper-hangers, elgnwrite: -.ant work;
prices mod. 1272 Folsom; phone Mint 131.
__^____^_^__— —— UN-
WANTED — Partmr for established planing
mill and cabinet s*od: small capital. 752
Franklin st., Oakland. ,
— gATEKys[~
INVENTIONS patented/ F. P. 'MEDINATaT-
torney-at-law. (i Hcbart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PlIYMCIAAS A.MJ SllUiEO.NI.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention, paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD Ekln and rectal -diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073*i Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb -doctor;
treats all diseases Of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CG7 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.:
DR. ' TONO PO CHY, successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. .727 Washington. ft.
WONG WOO. 'he famous herb - doctor —All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746- S Clay st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage CoTPstoraiw"
packlar. rhlpplt:g warehouse. Q. G. and Van
Nets; offlca 1238 Market, r. 84; . tel. South 750. :
• A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored/moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st., nr. Third: phone Grant 1U1.
PIFRCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. nf-
flce Post and Powell sts.: tel." Priv. Ex. 371.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. : 333 Golden Gate ave. j phone East 120..
GOLDEN West' Storage '.advances made. t»40
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. ,W. Zehfusi.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com.
_ pany. 2320 Flllmore St.: Phofre Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. : Al MonHrome-y
'et.: t»l. Mnln l s 40 Fhlmrtri* «it cut rnt»»
- SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester's English . Pennyroyal " Pills
: are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for-Ladlea"
In letter by -return mail.' Ask your druggist.
Chicbester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of.
the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high arid low wrftera occur at
the city front <Mlss!on-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. MAY 10.
Sunrises .,- # 5.04
» un « et * '. :.. "7:0S
Moon rises .,.......:... 2:25 a. m.
C [Time Time Time! Time ~
£ Ft. Ft. -— — Ft. Ft.
? IL W IIJ\" l, W| H W
10 2:10 2.11 8:14 3.!) 1:64 1.7 8:40 bI
11 2:52 ¦¦ 1.61 9:07 4.2 2:36 1.9 9:10 0.2
12 3:29 1.0110:00 4.4 3:12 2.0 0:40 r>.2
13 4:02 \ 0.5| ID :47 4.5 3:50 2.2 10:06 5.5
14 4:38*0.011:34 4.4 4:27 2.3 10:39 5.5
15 5:20—0.312:21 4.6 5:0fl '-2.5 11:10 -* 5.6
16 6:03— 0.5| 1:10 4.6 5:47 2.7 11:48 5.7
NOTE — In the above, exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the ' successive 1 tides of the
day in the order of occurrence aa to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (—)
sjgn precedes the height; and then the number
given Is. subtracted from the depth given » by
the charts. - The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
10 Kern Oil 4 !>0
1000 Chicago Crude 21
•TjO Four Oil 61
2j Peerless 13 00
XI Sovereign 45
10OO Caribou 4 35
2T, Peerless 14 00
1O0 Home 1 U7U
Street —
500 Homo 1 <!2V4
100 Clareir.ont 65
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Home 1 65
Street —
1000 Independence 27
1 Hanford 190 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha 10| 50 Mexican 2 00
300 Andes 23 100 Ophir 5 37^i
200 Caledonia ... 71 M Ophlr 3 CO
1C0 Challenge Con 21 500 Potosl is
100 Con C & Va.l t.0\ 100 Savage 37
200 Confidence ...1 10,1100 Bavage 3S
K00 Exchequer ... 32| 200 Sierra Nev .. »r.l
200 Gouid & Cur. 2.".| 300 Union Con .. 73
200 Mexican 2 03! 500 Yellow Jacket. 22
Afternoon Session.
• 000 Andes 221 100 Confidence ...110
200 Belcher 2Sf 100 Mexican 1 03
50 Best & Belch. 1 651 600 Overman' 31
1600 Con Imperial. 021 60*Unlon Con .. 09
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE, r ,' ; '
Following were the «ales on tha P&ciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning SeMion.
100 Andes 23| 200 Crown Point.. 20
600 Andes ....... 22| 100 Mexican 2 CO
100 Beat & Belch.l «5| 300 Overman 32
300 Bullion 10 100 Union Con .. 74
100 Choi lar 22: 100 Union Con .. 73
ICO Con C & Va.I 55i 000 Utah CS
200 Con NY 031 400 Yellow Jacket. 22
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 27| 100 Mexican ...1 02H
100 Belcher 26 160 Ophlr 5 37'^
2000 Con Imperial. 02] 200 Overman 31
200 Crown Point. 1»| 200 Savage. .; 33
, 200 Gould & Cur. 20 800 Sierra Nev . . 60
100 Mexican 1 05| 200 Union Con ..- 70
, TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following wero the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Sesnton.
250 Mont Ton ...1 6018000 Ton Belmont.. 70
700 Mont Ton..l 02^12200 Ton Midway . 39
1500 Ray & OBrlen 06| 800 Ton Midway.. 40
Afternoon Session.
3200 MacNamara . 181 400 Ton Belmont. . 71
100 Mont Ton..l 62V4I 600 Ton Exten ..1 10
1000 Ray &. OBrlen 05| COO Ton Exten.. I' 1214
300 Rescue O6| 100 Ton of Xev.O 12H
100 Ton Belmont. 72| BOO Ton Midway.. 39
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. May 9— 4 p. m .
BId.Ask.| Bld.Ask.
Alpha 10 lltJustice 10 11
AJta 07 COlKentuck 02 cm
Andes 21 221Keye» Qraes.. — 1 CO
Bnlcher 20 2»|Lady Wash .. — on
Beet & Belch.l CO 1 7O| Mexican 1 90 1 95
Bullion ...... 08 0fl| Occidental ... 79 81
Caledonia ... 63 65|0phlr 5 25 5 37U
Challenge ... 18 20|Overman ...... 2I> V,0
Ohotlar 21 22IPotosl 17 ' 19
Confidence ...1 05 1 15| Scorpion jo 14
Con C & Va.l 50 1 551 Savage ...35 :;«
Con Imperial. 01 03|Seg Belcher ..03 jn
Con NY 02 04|Slerra Nev .. 48 4»
Crown Point. 10 21|Sllver Hill .. ns B»
East Sierra N 06 — ISt Louis \ ....' 09 10
Eureka Con.. — 80; Syndicate \... 04 00
Exchequer ... 30 31iUnlon Con .. 70 : 72
Gould & Cur. 20 21Utah 08 " 09
Hale & Norc 60 651 Yellow Jacket. 20 22
T till a. ' " ' Ofi OTl * ¦" *' "-¦'¦
" TONOPAH MINES.
Coiehan — 07 Ton Belmont.. 71 73
Esperanza ... — 01 Ton & Cal.... 10 '
Gipsy Queen. — 30 Ton Cash Boy vb'~
Gold Anchor. 2B ' 30 Ton Exten ..1 lo,'—
Gold M Con. 02 06 Ton & O W.. 03 —
Little Ton .. 25 — iTon Gold M.. 15 —
MacNamara . 18 — |Ton of Nev ..9 00< —
Mont Tonl 62*4 1 67»*iTon N Star. . ¦ 27 —
Pine Grove .. 60 — rlTon Midway.. ai> 40
nay Ton .... 11 15|Ton& Salt L. 20 —
Ray & OBrien 04 05lTon Superior.. - — 11
Beacua ...... 08 071 United Ton .. X4 18,
To Panama— 250 bbls flour. 03.000 lbs rlee.
324!* lbs beans. 400 lbs codfish. 1888 lbs dried
ehrlmps. 11" pkgs groceries and provisions,
26 cs aborted canned goods. 60 cs canned sal
mon, 2700 gal* 25 cs wine. 00 gals 35 cs whis
ky, 2 cs brandy, S3 c» liquors, 60 pkgs pota
toes and onions. 24.425 ft lumber. 5 bdls
brooms. 25 pes pipe, 5 pkgs mtllwork.
To New York— 105,277 gals wine 1000 cs
canned; salmon. 10.100 lbs dry hides. 34,4f.O
lbs gluestock, 100,035 lbs asphaltum. 02,700 lbs
wool, 80 bales Junk,
To Colombia — 71 pkgs groceries and provi
sions.
To Ecuador— 100 bbls flour. " .
To Trinidad Island— CC c« assorted canned
goods. ;
To Jamaica— 33 cs canned salmon and 7 cs
canned fruit. 4
To Belgium— 2072 lbs beeswax!
The steamer Acapulco sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general mer
chandise cargo, valued at $108,733, to be dis
tributed as follow*:
For Mexico, $r»0l>l; Central America, $32,
fiS8; Panama, $720(5; Colombia. $311: Ecua
dor $4W); New York. JK2.308: Trinidad Island,
$.»48; Jamaica. $153; Belgium, $75; France,
$. r >3. The. leading exports wer« as follows:
To Mexico — ;;::"! lbs rplces, 38 pkgs paste, 3A
pkgs potatoes. 22 cs whisky. 205 Kals wine, <i
pkgs dried fruit. 10 bbls beer. 3824 ft lumber.
10,125 lbs chloride of limp, 21 pkgs pipe, 7
pkg3 drugs, :t cyls ammonia, 4 bales oakum, 4
colls rope, 12 cs arms and ammunition, 12
jikKR paints and oils. 14 pkgs machinery.
To Central America — 4262 bbls flour. 060
gals .10 cs wine. 77 gals S*J cs whisky. Il)u2 lbs
1 cs bread. 4ftii lbs .1 cs »plces, 63 pkgn pota
toes. 5 pkg* onions. 720 lb* lard. JiS4 lb» dried
fruit. 800 lbs raisins. 110 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 4(5 cs canned poods. 2700 lbs 15 pkgs
rice, Mil lbs fa. .15 flasks quicksilver. 20.0.W
lbs tallow. 15 bales liags. ."..*> pkgs dry goods,
17 pkgs paints and olln, 73.724 lb« cement. 10
tons coal. 12 ndls 12 bars iron. 105 pkgs tank
material. 5 pkgs machinery. 40 colln wire, 7
bdls leather, 2140 lbs soda, 117 cs coal oil. 54
Fits coke.
Exports by the Aeapulco.
The bark St. Katherine sailed on Sunday
for Hllo with an assorted cargo valued at
J3O.C58 and including the following:
613 bbls flour. 1810 ctls barley. 1230 bale*
hay 91 ctlR wheat 20.500 lbs salt, 18.073 lb«
beans. 02 ctls corn, 100O lbs peas, 94,000 lbs
rice. 812 lbs niealp. 1463 lbs middlings. 840s
lb« bran. 4205 lbs sugar. 3080 lbs codfish. 10 cs
gin. 74SS gals wine, US5 gals vinegar. 152 cs
canned goods. 0270 11* bread, 3150 lbs lard,
234 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1044 lbs
butter, 381 lbs cheese. 120 crts potatoes 20
bx» fre«h fruits. 225 Ibn dried fruit, 63S.673
]|>a fertilizer. 55" cs coal oil. 250 kegs white
lend, 39 I'kus paints and oils, 2 pkKS leather.
!H> pkgs iron, 2<J pkgs steel. 483 bbls lime.
«> pkgs paper, «2 bales paper bags. 175 bxs
soap.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
At a meeting of the Civil Service
Commission at the City Hall last
night June 1 was designated as the
date for the examination of appli
cants f positions as engineer in the
Fire Department. The examination
will be held at the Girls 1 High School
and applications must be filed with
the chief examiner on or before May
26.
Examination for Engineers.
The gasoline schooner Etta B. property of
Hunt, Hatch & Co.. was launched Friday even
ing. She Is 60 feet long, 19 root beam, and is
fitted with a 55 horsepower three-cylinder
Union engine. She had a very successful trial
trip on Suturday, making nine miles an hour
over the Government course off California City.
Xew Launch Is Speedy.
The United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Fteamcr Gedney, Captain Dicklns. sailed yetter
day for Seattle, from where she will start on
her summer surveying cruise In Alaskan
waters.
Gcdncy Starts for Xorth.
William Clark of Alameda was run over by
a truck yesterday at Third and Townsend
8trset3. At the Harbor Hospital It was found
that three of his ribs were broken. His
shoulders, face and hands were badly con
tu?ed.
Run Over by Truck.
The vessels on the overdue list were quoted
for reinsurance yesterday as follows:
British ship Lamorna. out seventy-three day*,
from Tacoma for Queenstown, 90 per cent.
French ship Lemoriciere. out 1S8 days, from
New Caledonia for Glasgow. 80 per cent.
Austrian ship Alba, out 177 day*, from
New York to Brisbane, 10 per cent.
The Overdue List.
The British ship Vincent from Oregon is
reported ashore at Swansea. It Is expected that
she will be floated oft on the next tide. The
Vincent left Portland December 18. Her
carso consisted of 67,045 bushels of grain,
valued at $SS,330.
Ashore at Swansea.
I Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Way 10.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Senator. . . . Puget 8ound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
P May 11.
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Sequoia Willapa Harbor... . 4 pm Pier 20
Arctic. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
G. Dollar..- Grays Harbor ? 4 pm Pier 20
8. Crux San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
- May 12.
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 6 pm Pier 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier. 11
Pomo Pt. Arena, & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Amer. Maru China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
G. LIndauer Grays Harbor Pier —
May 13.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Spokane Humboldt l:80pPler. 9
May 14. I
B. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pmlPier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 prnlPler 2
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am|Pier 7
JearUe Beanie & Tacoma. 6 pmlPler 20
San Pedro. . Humboldt 4 pmjPier 2
Aurella Astoria & Portland |Pier 2
May IS. I
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 amlPler 11
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Porta. 11 am Pier »
May 17. I
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 ami Pier 24
May 18. I
North Fork Humboldt 5 pmjPter 20
Nome City. Nome via Seattle |Pier —
May 19. I
Rainier.... Seattle U BTgham 4 pmjPier 10
8. Barbara. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier ¦ 2
China China & Japan.... 1 pmlPler 40
May 20. |
Umatilla. .. Pnret Sound Ports. 11 am]Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Both Seek to Control Estate.
George H. Bacher, Public Adminis
trator of Plumas County, yesterday
filed an opposition to the petition of
Public Administrator M. J. Hynes of
this county for general letters of ad
ministration upon the $35,000 estate
of John A. Ritchie, who recently died
in this city. He opposes Hynes* peti
tion on the ground that the latter ru«.s
no jurisdiction, the estate of Ritchie
being located principally In Plnmas
County.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday. May 0.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, 41 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Coquille River, Sanford, 3% days from
San Dleco.
Stmr F. A. Kilburn, Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodsers.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Olsen, 68 hours from
Aberdeen.
Stmr Centralla, Anflndsen, 38 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Melville Dollar, Fosen, 40 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr George W. Elder, Randall. C23« hours
from Portland, via Astoria 44 >4 hours.
Stmr National City, Hammar, 15 hours from
Cleone.
Stmr George Ix>omis, Badger, 48 hours from
Astoria (up river direct).
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 4 days from Ta
coma. .
Schr Queen, Paulsen, 10 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Marlon, Topfer, 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
Br bark Adderly, Berqulst, 79 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
CLEARED.
Monday, May 9.
Stmr Acapulco, Russell, Panama and way
ports; P M S S Co.
SAILED.
Sunday, May 8.
Stmr Nome City, Bonifleld. Astoria.
Monday, May . 0.
Stmr Acapulco, Russell, Panama and way
ports
Stmr F. A. Kilburn, Jahnsen, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Coquille River. Snnford, Crescent City.
Stmr Scotia. Johnston. San Vicente Landing.
Stmr South Coast. Olaen. Caspar.
Stmr Melville Dollar. Kcxjen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Rival. Fosen. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Centralia. Anflndsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Argo, Dunham. Eel River.
Schr Sacramento. Gruggel, Siuslaw River.
Schr Oakland. Ewart, Siuslaw River.
Tug Dauntless. Shea. Pluslaw River, with
nchrs Oakland and Sacramento In tow.
Schr W. II. Marston. Curtis, Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 0, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW; 8 miles per hour.
MEMORANDUM. !
Schr Salvator, from San Diego, for Everett,
in Straits May 0; schr Bangor, from San Pe
dro, for 1 Port Gamble, In Straits May 0.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 9— Stmr Portland,
from Juneau..
Arrived May 9 — Schr H. D. Bendlxsen. from
San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed May 9— Schr
Americana, Tor Hlogo; Br ship Cissle. for
1 Melbourne,
PORT HARFORD— Sailed May 9, 1 a m—
Stmr Honlta, for San Pedro.
VENTURA— Arrived May 9— Stmr Asuncion,
hence May 7; stmr Acme, from Port Los An
geles.
SaileVl May 9 — Stmr Asuncion, for San Fran
cisco.
BANDON — Arrived May 9 — Schr Ruby, from
San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived May 8 — Stmr Spokane,
hence May 7; stmr laqua, hence May 6; stmr
Alliance, hence May 6; stmr Phoenix, hence
May 0.
Sailed May 9 — Bark Coloma, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Alliance, for Coos Bay and Port
land.
Arrived May ,9 — Stmr Pasadena, from San
Pedro. '
Sailed May 9 — Stmr Lakroe. for San Pedro.
Arrived May 9 — Stmr Eureka, hence May 8.
TACOMA— Sailed May 8— Stmr San Matco,
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 0— Stmr Santa
Monica, hence May 7. •
Sailed May 9— Stmr Santa Monica, for Re
dondo: schr Charles E. Falk. for Ccos Bay;,
stmr South Bay. for San Francisco. •
SANTA BARBARA — Sailed May . 9 — Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San Diego.
Sailed May* 9 — Stmr Bonita, for San Fran-:
PORT LOS . . ANGELES— Arrived May 9—
Stmr W. II. Kruger. from San Pedro. j
Sailed May 0— Bktn J. f L. Evlston, for Ta
coma. .
- SKAGWAY — Sailed May 8 — Stmr Dolphin,
for Seattle. .;
BALLAJID — Arrived May 9 — Schr - Albert
Meyer, from San Pedro. . .
Sailed May 7 — Schr Maweema, for San Di
ego;: schr Stimson, for Redondo. '
MARSHFIELD— Arrived May 8— Stmr Sig
nal, hence May 4.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 8— Schr
Orient, ; for San Francisco; stmr San Pedro, (
for San Francisco.
Arrived May 8 — Schr , North Bend, hence
A^r 23.
BELLINGHAM — Arrived May 9— Stmr Rain
ier. -from Seattle. ' • ,
¦ ASTORIA — Arrived May . 9 — Stmr Oregon,
hence May 7. v ¦. . , -- . , |
PORT ' GAMBLE— Arrived May 8— Schr Spo
kane, hence Apr. 28.-
TATOOSH— Passed r in May 9— Schr . Ethel
Zane. from S,an Pedro, for Everett: «chr Ad
miral, from San Diego, for Everett; ttmr
Edith, hence May B.'- for Tacoma.
Passed out May &— Stmr Saa Matfto, tnax
TO SAIL.
The British bark Adderley arrived yester
day from Newcastle, Australia, reaching this
harbor ahead of three American sailing ves
sels that started from the Australian port
ahead of her. The Adderley made a gocd
passage, coming across in seventy-nine days.
She brought 1S70 tons of coal. The American
ship Servia left Newcastle the day before the
Adderley sailed. The American bark Carroll
ton Is out 107 days, and the William Bowden
left Newcastle ninety-two days ago.
Outsails Three American Ships.
Steamer. From. Due.
W. Kruger... San Pedro May 10
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. May 10
Czarina Coos Bay direct May 10
Elizabeth Coquille River May 10
' Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma May 10
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 10
i Aurella Portland & Astoria May 10
Pomo Point Arena & AJbion. May 10
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor May 10
Alameda. . . . . Honolulu IMay 10
San Mateo Tacoma May 11
Eureka ¦ Humboldt May 11
Spokane Humboldt May 11
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. ... May 11
Del Norte Crescent City May 12
Doric China & Japan May 12
Coronado San Pedro May 12
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena May 12
Santa Rosa..- 8an Diego & Way Pta. May VI
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. May 12
Argo Eel River Ports May 13
Peru... New York via Panama, May 13
Pomona Humboldt May 14
S. Monica San Pedro May 14
R. Dollar San Pedro May 14
North Fork.. I Humboldt May 14
Oregon • Portland & Astoria .... May 14
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom May 14
8. Barbara... Seattle 4; Olympia May IS
State of Cal.. San Diego A. Way Ports May 16
Santa Crua... San Pedro & Way Pts. May 10
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports May 18
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. May 1<1
Serapts Hamburg & Way Pts. May 17
8an Juan New York via Panama. May 18
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma May 18
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. May IS
G. W. Elder.. 1 Portland ic Astoria May 19
Marlposa I Tahiti May 21
He immediately found a policeman
and reported the matter. He said he
was afraid Mrs. Kleimenhagen would
yet kill him if she was not arrested.
He complained that the police had
done nothing to arrest the woman and
was referred to Captain Martin.
Mrs. Kleimenhagen now resides on
Fifth street, between Howard and Fol
som. Graves fears that she will
Ehow fight when the police attempt
to arrest her.
Richard Graves, an employe of Wells,
Fargo and Co. in the freight depart
ment at the ferry, for the second time
came near ito death at the hands of
Jennie L. Kleimenhagen last night. He
claims that Mrs. Kleimenhagen chased
him three blocks on Market street with
a revolver and attempted to shoot him.
The trouble culminated over a separa
tion between the man and woman, who
had been living together for some time.
On the 6th of this , month Mrs.
Kleimenhagen lay in wait for Graves at
his lodging house at 6% Sacramento
street and threw the contents of a bot
tle of carbolic acid at his face. Graves'
hands were badly burned by the acid.
The two people had been living to
gether at 6% Sacramento street for
more than two years. On March 2S
Graves left the woman. A few days
later she sought him at the ferry where
he was employed. The woman was
inclined to raise trouble, but was in
duced to declare a truce by the payment
of $10 to her by Superintendent Thomp
son of "Wells, Fargo and Co. Thomp
son acted as mediator for Graves, who
proffered the coin. Mrs. Kleimenhagen
took the money and agreed to let
Graves have his peace.
The acid throwing episode occurred
a few days later. Graves secured a
warrant for her arrest, but as yet the
woman has not been apprehended.
Last night about 7 o'clock Graves
was visiting a penny arcade on Mar
ket street, near Fourth, when he per
ceived the woman he had left, watch
ing him. He saw that she had a re
volver under her coat and tried to
escape through the rear of the arcade.
Finding no exit there he was forced
to go into the street. As soon as he
emerged from the establishment the
woman, he says, made a move as if
to draw the revolver. Graves ran down
the crowded thoroughfare pursued by
the infuriated woman. After three
blocks' hard sprinting, he managed to
elude her.
Iiicliard Graves, an Employe
of Wells-Fargo, Fears He
Will Yet Be Murdered
' /.
CHASES IIBf ON STREET
J. Campbell. Mrs. A. Baker. 3. B. Candy
and wife. Miss M. Lusky. "rank R. Dann and
wife. C. H. Prescott Jr., V. B. Lonrlnottl.
J. L. Woodrum O. E. Hudson. A. Forman
and wife, Mlsa T. Forman, D. Ballentyne. H.
"W. Adams, R. T. Winston and wife.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany'B Acapulco, Captain Russell,
which arrived here May 4, sailed again
yesterday for Panama and way ports.
In spite of her short stay in port the
Acapulco took away a full cargo, and
time was found between her discharg
ing of the" freight she brought, from
the south and the loading of the out
ward bound cargo to drydock the ves
sel and clean and paint her bottom.
Record time was made both in dis
charging and loading, and this in spite
of, the fact that Captain Wilson had
on his hands the burden of loading the
big Mongolia under many difficulties.
The Acapulco carried eighteen cabin
passengers, all but three of whom are
going to New^Ybrk; fifty in the steer
age for New York and seventy Chinese
for South American ports.' The cabin
passengers included the following
named:
MOV I LLE— Arrived May 9— Stmr Tunisian,
from St. John, N. B., and Halifax, for Liver
pool, and proceeded.
HAMBURG — Arrive! May 6 — Stmr Pretoria,
from New York, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to May 9— Stmr
Korea, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Nagasaki, Shanghai and Hongkong; stmr Lo
thian, from Portland, Or., for Hongkong; stmr
Pleiades, from Seattle, for Hongkong, etc.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 9— Stmr Cltta dl
Milan, from Genoa and Naples; stmr Minne
haha, from London.
GLASGOW — Arrived May 9— Stmr Colum
bia, from New York.
NAPLES— Arrived May 9— Stmr Canoplc.
from Boston.
NEWCASTLE, AUS.— Arrived prior May 7—
Br ship Celtlcburn, from Santa Rosalia.
QUEKNSTOWN— Arrived May 5— Fr bark
Ville de Mulhouse, from Tacoma.
Sailed May 7— Fr bark Marechal de VIUar«.
for : Br ship Strathgryfe, for .'
Arrived May 9 — Fr ship Berangere, from
Portland. Or.
LONDON— Sailed May 7— Ger «tmr Hathor.
for San Francisco.
GLASGOW— Sailed May 8— Fr bark Guer
veur, for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May S— Br ship Car
ned Llewellyn, for British Columbia. ->,
PENARTH— Sailed May 8— Br ship Queen
Victoria, for Honolulu. .
MALTA— Passed May 0 — Ger stmr Nubia,
from New York, for Manila.
NANAIMO— Arrived May fr— Nor stmr Tl
tanla, hence May 4.
ACAPULCO— Sailed May ft— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco.
Sailed May 9 — Star City of Panama, for
Panama: stmr San Juan, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Sailed May S— Stmr City of
Puebla. for San Francisco.
LADTSMITH— In port May 9, loadin* for
Nome, ship St. Francis.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed May 9— Stmr Nevadan.
for Kahului; U S stmr Sherman, for San Fran
cisco.
ISLAND PORT.
Tacoma, for San Francisco: ochr Blakeley,
from Port Ludlow, for San Francisco; Br ship
Castle Rock, from Bailard, for Fremantle.
Passed May 0 — Ger stmr Hermonthls, hence
May 5. for Seattle.
Passed In May 9 — Schr John A. Campbell,
from San Pedro, for Port Townsend.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Jennie .Kleimcnhagen, for
the Second Time in a Week,
Tries to. Kill Paramour
In Spite of Short Interval Between Arrival and De
parture Time Is Found to Drydock Acapulco and
Load Her to Her Full Capacity With Merchandise
ANGRY WOMAN
DRAWS PISTOL
AFTER BRIEF STAY IN PORT
LINER LEAVES FOR PANAMA
COMMERCIAL NiiWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
Northern Cal Power 11 00 11 50
PALES.
Morning Session.
Bocrd —
2000 lodepesdcace .....•...•U>...J1J.I.J1 28
The Time i Ball , on ;the tower " of the Ferry
building .wan dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. -J. C. BURNETT,
lieutenant, ,U, 8. N.. In charge.
Time Ball. ~
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N... Mer
chants' \ Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 9, 1004. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 1904.
Steamer. For. SalU.
Bertha .' Valdez & War Port*.. May 10
Humboldt Skagway & "Way Ports. May 11
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. May 13
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. May 16
Al-Kl Bkagway & Way Ports. May 16
Santa Ana. . . Valdez & Way Ports. . May 16
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Ports. May 19
J Dollar Valdez &. Seward May 22
Nome City. . . Nome May 25
14
tv n:\viiiTEns A.vn sltplies.
AN rx^pttonally cood Ko. 2 P.erolnrton. No. I
Bn;!th Premier $25; otliir typen-rlters at
htyhtr «nd !o««r prices: rental* *2 J50. Tn«
T>-r»*T-lt:nit Exchange. S.1g California at.
A FTW eo.-d typeniitrrx «t $30 each: *et par-
iJcuIa:^ of L £ M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
sremery r*..
SD HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
• ' TVebeter Typewriter lnyp«e. Co.. SOS Market.
DIVIUEM> NOTICES.
SAN* PftAKCXKOO vn£ Suburban Home Build-
in* Society. 6th floor. Uutual Savin** Bank
»-u:!d'.nc 70S Market Ft., opposite Third—
Kor the' half rear .rd'.n* list of December.
!»0S a dividend hs* been declared at the
rate' per an;;um oX 1121 twelve per cent on
capital slock and participating certificates,
f:*# of taxe*. i:a>ahle oti and after SATUli-
1>*_Y fmnvar* I'.MM JOSEl'H A. LEOX-
ARO; Mar.arer. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDI'NU Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Ccn. A dividon J. No. 05. of fifty cent*
<r-f»:)'r % «-r rhars on the Usued capital stock of
the company Iia* been declared, payable at
the cf7'.t-e of'ihe romMry. rooms 202. 2O4 an1
liaj-warj tiuiidme. San Kranc-i^co, en
, liar 10. WO*. Transfer book* close May S,
1SH-4. «t noo-i. C. C. QL'INN. Secretary.
L?VIDEND No. 9. S per c-«nt. now due axid pay-
•Ue to AepoBttora r,t Haciftc Bank at 405 Mont-
re.-r.fTy st.. ifom C. J. HOV.'Ani) KAIiNAKP.
I'KOI'OSU.S.
FnOPOS*.L!5 :or Hay and Oats. Offic* Depot
«j\jartermai>ter. San Francinco. Cal., 30 New
Montgomery St.. May ts. l»04 — Sealed proposals
In triplicate, subject to the usual conditions,
niM t* received heie until V! o'clock noon.
.June 4. 1304 and then opened, for furnish -
nt and delivering at San Franciaco. Cal..
Seattle. \Vash.. and Portland, Ore., thlrty-
richt hundred and aeventy-six (3676) tons of
bay. firty-slx hundred and twrlve <5612) ton*
of "cat* eubject to an increase or decrease of
25 per' cent. United SUtes teserves the
right to accept or reject any or all bids, or ,
• r.y pert thereof. Further information and
i.lnr.k proi>osals furnished on application.
Envelopes contnlnin* proposals to be marked '
1'rcpoeals for Hay snd Oat« No. "oCGT" and
adcresfwj to Major CL A. Devol. Q. M., L. S. .
A-.triy. Depot Quarterniawter^ |
s* Office :«f C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks, i
•XVs.-'.i.. May 10. 19W. Pealed proposals, in
triplicate nil! be received her* until 11 a. m.. (
Jurif '¦>. iPOl. and then opened, for construct- ,
ins; iJlcctric Llsrht!r.«; System at this post.
Tor full information apply at this office, or
io ih<» Chief Quarlermafter. Pullman Bulid-
mr Oiicaco. cr Pepot Quartermaster. Army ;
Bulldinx. New York. V. S. reserves the right 1
to reV ct any or all Hds or accept any part [
. thereof. Enve'.npes containing prri>osals siioulJ ¦
be marked: •'Propofals for Electric Lighting \
at Van'x.uxfr Barrack?, Wash.." and addressed j
to unut-i signed. V. «. HODOSON/C QaM-TS
the~m7ni' of the united states at
FKANCISCO. Sup<Tinifndcnf6 Office, )
AprU 25. 1304.— PEALED PROPOSALS in {
."uplicato' v.iil be received at the office of the.
Surfrintendent of the Mint of the United
«tatfs at San Francisco. Cal., until 12 o'clock
uoon. \Ve<3n«?Fday, May 'J5. 1904. an.l then
t ublirly opened, for general supplies required
;or the Mint of the United States at SAN
rilAXCI.-tX), CAl... fcr the fiscal year from
.'uly 1. IS 4 * 1 *, to June 30. 1905. in accordance
•with schedules sml specifications, copies' of
crMch. with blank proposals and other i:i-
rortnatlon, may be had upon application to
1T.ANK A. LEACH, (superintendent.
KE M.ED proposals will be received at the
orfi.-o of the Lifrhthouse Engineer, 91 Flood |
• btilMing. San Francisco, Cal., until 12
• •¦•_io-k m.. Jure 2. 1904. and then opened,
for building a fireproof oilhouee. 33 by 70
fert. including the preparation of the ground !
and the ertctloa of a< retaining wall, at !
Yerba Bucna Islanu. Cal* in accordance with J
?ratifications, copies of which, with blank
proposal? and other Information, may be had
upon appMcatfon to THOS. H. HANDBURY,
' lieutenant Colonel. Corps of Engineers.
'!. S. A.. Er.irineer.
BOITDS FOB SALE.
BONDS :or eaie— Notice is hereby given that
cealed bid? will be received until 2 ociock
I>. m.. Saturday. May 2S. 1904, by the Boaii
of Control of the Territory of Arizona, at the
cfnce of said board in the City of Phoenix, j
Arizona for the sa'.e cf Ten Bonds of tne
«enomination of One Thousand Dollars ea.cn 1
Inarir.g date January 1, 1904. due and pay-
able January 1. 1U54. bearing interest at the
rate of five per cent «5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five years, issued by the Ter-
ritory of Arizona, in accordance with the
¦ provisions cl Act No. "3 cf the Twenty-see-
or.d Lecislative Assembly of raid Territory,
„ SDd which act has been approved by the '
. Congress o f the United States. Interest on !
fcsid bonds win be paid eemi-annually oa
the first day of January and July of eacn
• '*r. and both principal and interest payable
• m cold coin cf the United States at the of-
fice of the Treasurer cf said Territory. A
certiSed check of a responsible bank for 3
per cent of the amount of the bid. payable
to the order of E. E. Klrkland. Territorial
1 reasurer. and a copy of this advertisement I
n*.ust accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
to make payment in full up.jn allotment «nd
tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of the check
accompanying the tame. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
murt be sealed and addressed to the Board
,cf Control, Phoenix. Arizona, and markel
"Proposals for purchsse of Insane Asylum
Por^y "
MARRIAGE LICENSES^
TJ» following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
John H. Harrlgan. 21. f-12 Post street, and
Charlotte E. D"re, 21, city.
Arthur L. Marks. 24. 874 Eddy street, and
JuHa I. Golding, 22. Virginia Citr. Nev.
Frederick E. Manuel. ?A, Bakersfield. and
Kls-icir.oie Huttcn. 28, Alameda.
Ar.ton Kentra., 37. 546 Natoma street, and
fV'e Lutich. 25. 170 Ru*« street.
1 ai-.i"! G. O'Nell, 2G, 6 Juniper street, and
Tthel M. Ball. 21. 438 Van Ness avenue.
Jacob S. Heriro. 31. C56 Broderick street, and
. Ksthrine Hlddick. SI, C38 Broderick street.
Anton Lovretox-ich. 43. 2 Juniper street, and
I*rtha Silver. 22, 2 Juniper Mreet.
t:ert J. Georpe. 23. Carson Citj'. and Leona
Mitchell. 27, Beckwith.
"ElBiS^lAEEMES-DEAm
Sirth. marriaxe and death notices sent by
mail wi'.l not h<- inserted. They must be handed
Itr at eit!fr of the publication offices and be
indor**d with the name and residence of per-
for.s authorized to have the eame published
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the tvpnt are published once in, thl* column
fret cf charge.
BOR.V
EELASCO— In this city. May 6, I9(M, to the
wife of S. Belasco, a'non.
". CLEART— In this city. April 24. 1B04, to the
wife of William T. Cleary. a son.
rr.ENCH—in thla city. May 8. 1904, to the
„ wife of John S. French, a daughter.
HICKS— In this city. May S. 1004, to the wife
of G. W. Hicks, a daughter.
HUNTINGTON— In this city. May 7 1904 to
th». wife of Oscar S. Huntinitton. a son
M. XESBV— In this c!ty. May 5. 19<H, to the
wife of John McNesby. a son.
• RAPHELD- in this city. Msy 7. 1904 to the
' "'.fr of Maurice L. Raphcld. a snT'
makiued!
AXFORD— LINDO— In this city. May S 1904
J.y the Rev. F. A. Keast. Walter F. Axford
«/nd Alma Ltndo. both of this city
• B7<OOKE-<;ORDON-In this city.' May 9.
\?'\ by tiie Kev - F - A - Keaet William
if^tUe. \UahT * nd A<leHa G ° rdOa
VJOi. by the Ber. J. FuendellngV Krlt" Aul
Kun I*. S. Bruns and Henny b. a Ber-
(tt. both of this city.
K V£I~V CII ? ER ,r In £an Jo *«- C *L. April 23.
J&04, by the Rev. G. Dennlnger Peter D
Hvm and LUlie Scheer. both of San Fran!
. KLLENBERGER— MATER— In this e'tv M>«
— — - _
Bsrth. Alwtoe Harkins, Patrick
Ilonner. j^n D. Jeffers. Mrs Wm
J££***L S ? ra r S * M"rtw>vlch. Mihovll
HciU. harah L. Merchant. Wilbur
Brown. Nellie N. Patton. Josephine M
r >r !r'' M UllUe t • Po"-*rs. Mrs Mary
Dcady. Marj- J. Reddy. Emily m
Dorari. Mrs. Johanna Rooney. Mary
Case. Gladys W. Smith, John
Uoodnian, Georte Ptoii. Henry G
fJranuccl. Eugenlo Thomas. Rose H
Orcen Ellen Valentine. Mrs. S. E
Gurtafson. Daniel Warren, Edwia H. '
Hammond, Lcina M. Watkln, Marie
BARTH— la thte citr. May 8. 1904. Alwlne
Barth. belwcd mother of Mrs. C. W Ken-
Uzer. Mrs. M. Harmuth and Emil. Alwin
Hudolph and Hermann Earth, a native of
Orrmnr. »red SO years i) months and 16
da ye.
¦ *» C ? t i° w 'ni iiii r «imMM to-d*y (Tuesday).
• T. J. Monahaa. Manager. TeL Mission 31
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO!
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERSL
VZ2»-'JZil Mission ft., near Nineteenth.
'." ¦ San Francisco. I
I James McGlr.a. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGIKN & CO.,
J Formerly With McGinn Bros..
—Funeral Director* and Embalmen
214 Eddy st.: TeL South 676.
Positively cured by these
IJttlo Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Xausca, Drowsl-
b-ms, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
fimalf PrlcA.
I RATLWAY TRAVEL..
# Train* 1«»t« sad »r»
due to arriT* at
SAN FRANCISCO,
nox Awn. 19. W0*.
Tzxxt DxroT
(foot of Market Street.)
'»*»! - -jyjA.|N__kiNE- -abbTtT
* 7.00a Vaeavllle. Winter*. Rumsey... 7-50*
7.00a Benlcta, SaUua, Klmlra sad Sacra-
mento a»u«« '•*W
7J0a Vallejo. Napa. CalUtosa. Santa
i:o*a, Martinez, Sao Bsmon 820^
7J0a num. LiTermore. Tracy, Lkt&rop.
Stockton iZ-.-X' 7ZB *
8.00a Sh*ita Expre**— (Via Dart*).
William* (for Bartlrtt Sp»tn«s>,
¦Willow*. tFrnto. Ited Bluff.
Portland. Tacora*. Seattle 7^Br
• ¦00a Davis. Woodland. Knight* Landing.
MarysvlUe. Orovllle T&ar
, 8J0a Port Co»ta. Msrtlne*. AnUoeJi.
Byroa, Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Lo» Bano«. Mendota,
Armona. Hsnford, Tlsalla,
Port«rvllle 4.2C»
840* Port Cotta. Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno, Uoahen Juac-
tlon. Uanford, VUalla, Baker*-
Held 8 *
UOa lilies. San Jo«-. Llvermore. Stock-
ton, (t SI II ton). lone. Sacramento,
Placervllle. MaryiTllle, CJilco,
Red Bluff 4-20>
• ZO* Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora. Tuolumne and Angel* 4.20>
• 00a At!anUcKxpre«»— OKdenandEa«. 11.20a
9 30* Richmond, Martlaes and W*y
Sutlon* B50r
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogion.
Denver. Omaha, Chleagou • 20f
1000a Vallejo- •'.• 12.20»
IOXOa Lo* Anuele* Pa»«enger — Port
Coita. Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Latnrop. Stotkion. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Gosben Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. Tlsalla.
Bakersfield. Lo* Angele* 7.20*
12 CO* Day ward. Nile* aad Way Station*. 3-20*
?1 COp Sacramentojtlver Steamer* tii.OOr
5 30r Bcnlcla, rnnur*. Sacramento.
Woodland. ' ttnlghts Landing.
Maryivtlle. Ororllle and way
station* '952 4
ZZQr Hayw*rd.*'!le*andWay Sutlon*.. 7 50f
1 3-30* Port Coata. Marttarz. Byroa.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modectu.
Merced, Berenda. Fre»no and
Way Station* bryond Port Costa 12 20*
3 30* Toiemlte Valley. -* 3 20*
HQr Martinez. Traey. StocXl&n. I.«vn... 10-20*
4.00P Martlnes.8an lumon. Vallejo, Nap a,
Callstoga. Sasta Roaa. 9 20*
4 OOp Kile*. Tracv. Stockton. Lodl 4-2Qp
4 30r Hayward. Nile*. Irvlngtoo. gaa » «3 53*
Jo*e. Ltrermore I {11.60a
6 COr Tbe Owl Limited— Sewnun, Los
Kano*. Mendoia. Freano. Tulare,
liaiceriSeld. Lo*An<s!e* 9 23*
6 COr Port Coata. Traey. Stockton 1Z20P
f 6 30r Hayward. NO* and Maa Juse ..... 720*
6. OOp Hayward. Nl>* and San Jo«e 9 -0«
¦fi-OOr Eaitern Expren* — (>i-l»n. Uenver.
Omaha. St. Loot*. Chicago sad
East. Port Cmta. Benlcla, tful-
•ua. Elmlra, Davis. Sacramento^
Koeklln. Auburn. Colfat.
Truekee. Boca. Kent, Wads-
worth. Wlnnemacca 5 20*
I. 00p Vallejo. dally, -xcrpt Saaday 1 7 --_
700p Vallejo, Sunday only f t-*9*
7X0p Klchmoad. Ban Pablo. Port Coata,
Martlaes and Way Station* 11.20a
|.06p Oregon * California Expre**— Sac-
ramento, Maryivllle, Eeridtnz,
Portland, Poset Sooad and Eaat. |.60a
>.10p Hayward, Nile* and San Joae (Sua-
dar only> 11.50*
COAST LI N E iSAtrmn u» a% ,%
(Foot ot Murltet Street.)
7AbA SantaCruxKxcar«loD(Sandayonly> 81 Op
8-16* Newark, Centervllie. Saa Jose,
Felton, Boalaer Creek, Santa
Cruz snd T7ay Station* 5-55r
t2-15p Newark, Csatervllle. San Jo*a>
New Almaden. Lo* Gacoo.Fe: toa.
Boulder Cr««k, Santa Cms aad
Principal Way Station* tlO 55*
4.I0P Hawart. SaaJoae, LoaOatoa aad I tt.SSa
wayatatlon* > tlOSfi*
; OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From bAN r"KA> CISCO. Fool or Market st. (3Ur»<»
-rr.li t:0o 11-UOa.m. 1.00 3 00 6.16 r.*.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«.of> iS-.M
t8:OT 10:00 A.M. 12 00 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad Game).
HT* (Third aad Towmnd Btreet».>
6.10a Saa Joae and W»y Statioaa 630p
t7 00 a Saa Joie and Way Station* 6.40F
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cm* Excnr-
»lon (Sunday only) 10 30p
8 00a New Almsdea (Tui*s., r'rlL. only), 4,10r
• 00a The Coaster— Stops only San Jo*e.
Gtlroy (connection for TJolll*-
ter). Paja«i. Caatrovlll* (con-
section to and from Monterey
. and Paelae Grove). SaUnaa. Saa '
Ardo. Paao Roblea. Santa Mar-
garita, San Lola Oblipo, prlaelpa]
•tatlon* thence Surf (connectloa
for Lompoc). principal (tstlons
thence Santa Barb*ra.San Boenv
ventura, Burhank. Lo* Angeles . 1J44p
I. 00a San Joae. Tres Plnos, Capitols,
8sntaCrnz.ParlneGrove.Saltnaa,
fiaa Lula Oblapo and Prladpal
.„_„ Way fltatlont 4.10s»
10.30a San Joae and Way Stattona 1.20V
1140a Santa Clara, Saa Joie. Lot Gates
. ___ and Way Station* 7.30*
i-AQT Ban Jots and Way Ststlon* i 33*
9 00* Del Mcote Expre**— Santa Clara,
Baa Jo*». Del Monte. Monterey.
Paclfle Grove (connect* at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Saata
Cruz. Boulder Creek and Narrow
Game Point*) at GUroy for Hol-
llater. Tree Plaoa. at Pajaro for
Santa Crux, at CaatrovlU* for
Sallna* 1?.1S»
8-30» Tre* Pino* Wsv Pa*aecc«r 10-45*
4 30p San Jo«e and WamStatlon* tl 00a
T9 OOp Saau Clara. San Jose. Los Gatoa,
and principal Way Sutlon* (ex-
ikti»- . «C* 8n=<Jay) t9-00*
'l"5i |»»Jo*e«ndPrinclpalWayStatJon* 19.40a
6-4SP Sasaet Limited.— Redwood. San 1 ***^
Joae.Gllroy.SaUaaa.PaaoItoblea.
Baa A.ula Ublapo, Santa Barbara,
Loa Angelea. Deminc. El Paao,
New Orleana. New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Sanu Crua
snd at Castrovtll* for Padflo
— ,_ Grove snd Wsy StaUcns 7.10a
It 16> Eait Mateo. Beretford,Belmont,Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
... _ Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS.4«A,
m$$Z £« B J°»«»ad Way Station*. 8.S8A
¦if>2 F '*'* A »to and Way Station* 10 15*.
11.30* South San FraacUco. Mlllbrae.Dnr
llngame. San Mateo. BelTnont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
„ _„ Menlo Park, and Pala Alto 945p
¦11-307 Majfleld, Mounutn View, Snnny
' vsle. Lawrence. Sanu a«ra and
s "Jw :».45p
AforMorulne. P for Afternoon.
ISMday excepted. t Snnday only.
a Saturday only.
I Stopa at all tutlona oa Sanday.
**~°n«y train* stopping at Valencia St. *onthhoun4
te^pSSIS^^^ TO SAT? RAFAEL,
ly^^^g ROSS VALLEY,
l^^^^g! CAZADERO, Etc.
mSSMaSSOmSB^y via S«u«alito Perry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric —
i'eyart from San Francisco Dally 7:uo H;(»>.
0:W». 1O:CO. U:twa. m.. 1^:20. 1:45. 3:13. 413.
8:15. 6:15. 7:0O. S:45. io:'-H» 11:45 pm
FROM SAN KAFAKL TO* SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. 5:25, «:35. 7:40. 8:35. 8:^3. 11:0*
2:M - 3:45 * 4:45 ' 5:13 - U:13 -
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO - Dally. 6:45. B:K. 7:52. 8:55. U:5.\
i^^'J"- 12:35> 2^0. 3:15. 4:03. 5:03. B.05.
7:05. 3:00. 10:r.3 p. m. *
> THROUGH YKAIN'S. ,
8:00 a. xa. dally — Cazadero and way station*.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday exceptedj —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a, m.. Point Reyes *n^
way statiens.
TICKET OFFICE — C26 Market st
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Ma*rfc»t it.
WEE2SXY CALI^ $1.00 PEB TEAfc
, -?^**ig*BnBBBs9nBM^^2AsBtMWs>!OMS&.
RAILWAY TRAVELw
i
CALIFORNIA |
LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
LEAVES DAILY |!
»t O:3O a. m, through in 3 <u y . If
with diner end all trappinn. M
Otaer Santa re Trains 1
O-loL* Sll toT stockton . Fresno. BalcersUeld.
8:C0p! m!J M « r «d. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. 7. Also' Ilia Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 South First SU
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE'
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAZT FBANOXSCO TO SAW SATASL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 8:00, 8:00. 11:00 a. m. :
12:85, 2:30. 3:40. 6:10. 6:50. 6:30 and 11:30
P. nj.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:S0. 8:00, 0:30. 11:00 a. in.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 6:10. 6:30. 11:00 p. m.
SAK BAFASXi TO SAN FBAHCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS — 0:06. 6:50. 7:as. 7:60. 9 20
11:15 a. m.; 12:&0. t2:00. 3:40. S:0O. S:2O.
6:2& p. m. Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:43
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:16 a. m.; 1:43
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 0:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m. tEx-
crpt Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Krnn. 1 May 1. 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Dc^tlna- fiun- I Week"
Days. I days. | . tlon. | day*. | Days.
" :«O a I 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a *:OOa 8:40 a S:4Oa'
8:00 a »:3Oa Icnarlo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:.'i0p 2:30 p 0:0O p 8:'i0p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
7:2r> p
8:43 p
7:30 a 7:30 a j 7:45 al 7:45 a
S:0Oa 8:00 a Novato. 110:20 a lO'H) a
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma I ft:2Op G-L'O n
6:10p 2:3Op and I 7:23 pi 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Ro»a. f S:4o p|
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:23p 6-20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:2fl p
'Windsor. j ] ~
7:30a 7:30a Henldsburr. [10:20 a 10-20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:23 p 7-23 o
Cloverdale. | P
7:30n|7:80al Hcpland 110:20 a ItO-^O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p[ 7:25 p
I j Wllllts. ( j ~
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. |7:25p| 7:23 p
8:00 a| 8:00 a! Gueroevllle and 110:20 a|10-20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:00 a 8:00 a 8:40 al 8:40 a
6:10 p 0:30 a Sonema, |6:0Opj6-2Oa
6:10 p Qlen Ellen. 1*8:45 p|
7:30a| 7:30 a] JT0I20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Stbastopol. |7:23p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and
Mark Weet Springs: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Gjyservllle for Skaggs Springs- at
Cloverdale tor the Geysers. Hoonevtn,. and
Oreenrood: at Hopland for Duncan Sprtnes
Highland Springs, . K«>ls«»yvllle. Carlsbij
Spring*. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoel !
Springs. Blue I<akes, Laurel Dell Lake, Wittpri
Springs. Upper Lake. Forno, Potter Vallev
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's Buknell'a"
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle Orrs Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Comptche Cam™
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Brai?!f
Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bran-'
Weatport. Sh-rwood. Canto. Covelo. Laytun
ville. Cummins. Bell'» Springs, Harris n"
sens. Dyer. GarbervUle. Tepperwood. Scotii"
and Eureka. . "*•
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r.
duced iates. r8 ~
On Sundays— Round-trip ticket* to all color,
beyond San Uatael at half rates. pouu
Ticket office. 650 Market street. CnronlcU
building. «mw»
H. C WHITINO. ' R. x. RYAN
Oen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Kir. Tamalpais Railway
" Love Tfe Stantti* twrr in i*. "
»"»»>" i*rfn»ta,T ¦¦..Kgv
S£jts: insf
sssusii illll i sibv s ]s
Iff! |Hg
at 10 o'clock, from the residence cf her son,
Hermann Uarth, SO Sixth avenue.
BONNKR—In th's city. May «, 1904. John
Drachbar Bcnntr. beloved brother of Cather-
ine Kelly, a native of Lancaster. Pa., aged
44 yrars. A member of Kan Francisco Brlcl;-
layer*-' Association Xo. 7. of California.
tT7*Tii<> funeral will tahr place to-morrow
* Wednesday), at 12:»0 oclock. from the par-
lois of Monahan. O'Hara &. Co.. 2;W!t-41 l«l«-
Bicn Ftroct. near Nineteenth, thence to Ft.
Anthony's Chun-h for pervie.es at 1 o clo« k.
Interment '.rivate. Miss will be celebrated
fcr the retwiSK.- of his foul Thursday. May 12.
at St. Anthony's Church.
BOUCHER—Friend* are respectfully Invite-] to
attend a lequlem mass for the late Sarah
•Stanley Boucher at Sacred Heart Churcl:,
Fillmcre and Fell streets, Wednesday, May
11, at U o'clock.
BOYLE—Friends and acquaintances are te-
fpectfully Invited to attend :t»p anniversary
r^ulem mera for the repoyo «f th«? soul c
the late Sarah E. Boyle of Mill Vall.?v, Ma-
rln County, at St. Mary's Cathedral, han
Francisco, Wednesday. May 11, at 1O:..O
o'clock.
BROWN—In this cily. May 9. 1904. Nellie N..
beloved wife nt Samuel J. Brown, and
mother of Laura G., Henry J. and MUlred
0. Brown, a native of San Francisco, aged
ol years 9 months and 5 days.
CF.RINI—In the Cm and County Hospital.
May 9. 191,4, Julius Orini. a native of
Switzerland, aeed o5 years.
DEADY—In this city. May D. 1904. Mary J.-. ]
beloved wife of John M. Desdy, mother of
Alice and Abigail Dcady. and daughter of
Mrs. M. Crowe, a native of Vallejo. Cal..
aged 28 years S months and 29 days.
CRemains at the undertaking parlors of
Carer/ & English, 2'J Van Ness avenue.
DOKAX-In Oakland. Cal.. May ». 1904, Mrs.
Johanna Doran. mother of Mrs. William
Cristcn and Mrs. Charles Helmke, a native of
C-eraiar.y. atcd 70 years 4 months and 12
da ye.
GAGE—In Berkeley. Cal.. May 9, 1904, Gladys
\V., beloved daughter of James and Bertha
Gage, a native of Dunsmuir, Cal., aged 10
months and 20 days.
GOODMAN—In this city. May 7. 1904. George
Goodman, beloved uncle of M. and Kate
1 Menaces, a native of Ronsperg. Bohemia,
: aged 75 years and 8 months. (Stockton, Cal.,
papors- please coi>y.)
l^yFricnds are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Tuesday).
i at 1):45 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, corner
1 Post and Montgomery streets. Remains will
leave his late residence. 10<i2 Post street, for
Masonic Temple at U:15 o'clock. Interment
Hcme of Peace Cemetery, by funeral car
from Third and Towneend streets depot at
11:30 o'clock.
First Hebrew Benevolent Society —Officers
and members, you are respectfully requested
to attend the funeral of uur late member,
Georee Goodman, Tuesday. May 10, at 9:45 j
o'clock, at the Masonic Temple, corner Post .
and Montgomerv streets.
S. ZEKIND. Secretary. j
GRANUCCI—In this city. May S. D04. Eu- j
Stnln, dearly beloved son of Salvatore and |
Candelaria Granucti, and brother of FranK.
Adolph, Delia and Lottie Granuecl. a native I
of San Francisco, aged 1 year 3 months ar>d !
28 days.
GREEN—In this city. May 7. 1904, Ellen, be-
loved wife of the late William Green, and ;
mother of William. Harry and Benjamin j
Groen. a native of Ireland, aged 43 years. |
E7"Friends and acquaintances arc respect? j
fully invited to attend the funeral '.o-day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street.
Internn-r.t Holy Crosa Cemetery.
GUSTAFSON—In the City and County Hos- j
pital. May a. 1004. Daniel Guslafson, a native j
of Illinois, aged 21 years. !
HAMMOND—In this city. May 9. 1904. Edna j
May Hammond, beloved wife of R. E. Ham- 1
mond. daughter ot Mrs. W. M. Rosa, sister j
of Mrs. C. V. Evans, and niece of Mrs. P. J. 1
Camr-bell. a native of Folsom, Cal., aged
24 >ears 3 months and 22 days.
HARKINS—In this city. May «, 1904. Patrick ¦
Harkins, a native of County Donegal. Ire-
land, aijed C5 years. (Boston papers please
copy-)
ETTriends and acquaintances are resp.'Ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day )
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors I
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis- i
Fion Etreet, thence to St. Roue's Church, j
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, at 9 o'clock.
Interrnrnt Holy Cross Cemetery, by 10:30
train from Third and Townsend streets.
JEFFERS—In this city. May 9. VJiA. Mrs.
Wiliiam Jeffers, a native of Wilmington,
Delaware, aged 44 years.'
E7"N-"!tic«. of funeral hereafter.
MARINOVICH—In this city. May S, 1904.
Mlhovil Mnrinovlch, beloved son of Marln
and the late Ovieta Marinovich. and brother i
of the late Kate and Petar •Marinovich. a 1
native of Dubrovnik. Dalmatia, aged 32 years
0 months and 21 day«. A member of the |
Croatian B. S., Zvonimir No. Cl, N. C. S. :
CTTrier.ds and acquaintances .ire rj-;>e<:t- |
fully invited to attend the funeral to-iuorrow j
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock. Services will be j
held under the ausplct-a of the Croatian B. ,
S.. Zvonimir No. 61. N. C. S.. at the |
lodge room, Pythian Castle. 909 Market
street. Interment Cyprese Lawn Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of McFadden, Mc-
Brearty & Green, 1171 Mission street.
MERCHANT—In Oakland. Cal., May 9, 1904.
Wilbur, beloved son of Mrs. C. Melissa Mer-
chant, and brother of O. E. Merchant, Mrs. j
l.". P. Rogers and Mrs. C. N. Brass, a native
of Vacavllle, Cal., aged 29 years 9 months
and 20 days.
PATTON—In this city. May 9. 19C4. Josephine
Mathilda, beloved wife of John L. Patton. 1
mother of Edward Lawrence Patton, daugh- i
ter of Christine Anderson, sister of Charles I
and Albert Anderson, and niece of August !
Anderson, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 year* and 22 days.
POWERS—In this city. May 9. 1904. Mary, j
beloved wife of the late Edmusd Powers, '
and beloved mother of Mary <:.. William J.
find the late Eugene F. Powers, a native of
County Waterford, Ireland, agod 54 years.
C^Notice cf funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 707
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
REDDY—In this city. May 8, 1904. Emily M.
Reddy, widow of the lat<- Patrick Reddy. be-
loved mother of lira. Sybil J. Coleman. and
s'.Eter of Judge N. H. Coi\klin of San Diego,
a native of New York, aged 79 years. ;
CThe funeral services will take place to-
morrow at 10 o'clock, at her |
late residence, 2717 Pacific avenue. Inter-
ment private.
ROONEY —In the City and County Hospital.
May 9. 19u4. Mary Rooney, a native of Ire-
land, aged 7C years.
SMITH—In this city. Hay 8. 1904. John Smith,
beloved husband of Mrs. Annie Smith, and
father of G. W. Smith. Mrs. A. B. Gibson
and Mrs. Gertrude Tyrel, a native of Michi-
gan, aeed 6S years.
STOLL —In this city. May 8. 1904. Henry G..
beloved husband of Margaret Stoll. brother
of Caroline and Adolph Stoll and'brother- I
ln-law of Mrs. George Bcntfeldt. a native I
of LudwlgEburx. Germany, aged K5 years C
months and 2S days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances *»re respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), May 10. at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence, 4105 Eighteenth street, corner
of Castro. Interment National Cemetery,
Presidio.
THOMAS—In this city. May 9, 1804. Rose Har-
riet, beloved daughter of Charles and Rose
Thomae, and sister of Lillian and Mar-
Kuerette Thoma*. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and 6 days.
VALENTINE—In this city. May 4, 1904.
Susannah E., beloved wife of tbe late W11-
llam Valentine, and mother of Mrs. O. W.
Everaon. Mm. E. C. Dudley and William L.
Valentine of Los Angeles. Cal.. a native of
Scotland, ared Ci years 4 months and 27
days.
B7Frtands and acquaintances pro respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral lo-ilay
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from tbe parlors of
the Western Addition Funeral Directors. 1724
Devlsadero street, between Sutter and Bush.
Interment Cypreos Lawn Cemetery.
WARREN—In this city. May 8 1904 Edwin
H.. beloved husband of Alice Warren, father
of Rutb E. and Edgar E. Warren son of
Mrs. Emllie Gaddel. and brother 'of Mrs.
Mary King and J. W.. William C. and Jame«
1. Warren and Elbert^ Dunlap, a native of
Canada, aged 4» years 1 month and 25 days.
Past consul of Tamalpals - Camp No. 427,
Woodmen of the World, and a member of
Golden Gate Circle No. i!65, Women of Wood-
craft, and California Lodge No. 1, K. of P.
lEJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), May 10. at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between SeVcnth and Eighth, where
sen-ices will be held under the auspices of
Tamalpals Camp No. 427. Woodmen of the
World Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero etreet*.
Officers and members of Golden Gate
Circle No. 355. W. O. W. —You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our late
neighbor. Edwin H>Warren. Tuesday, at 2
o'clock, from the undertaking parlors of It.
F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street. By
order
MRS. A. PKOWEE, Guardian Neighbor.
MRS. L. KAMENA. Clerk.
WATKIN—In this city. May 9, 1904, Marie,
beloved daughter of Evan Ernest and tha
late Marie Watkln, a native of San Fran-
cisco, Cal., aged 1 year and 2 days. .
CARD OF THANKS.
TTe wish to extend our sincere thank* to
our many friends' for their kindness and sym-
pathy during our late bereavement.
IDA JELINSKI and Family.
CARD OF THANKS.
The relatives of Henry TV. Muller beg to
express their deep appreciation of and sin-
cere thanks for the sympathy and kind offices
of friends and the members of the Improved
Order of Red Men and the Order of Poca-
hontas In their recent bereavement.
ADVERTISEMENTS..' 'dVXb MerMKan— ParJfle Tim».»
RAN FRANCISCO. May 9—5 P • m.
T>> fo".cw1rg are the -pea son*! rcL»=_aI,s to
ttt «* c-»np«r»d with these of same date Ia«t
r~- • . ;-cC rainfall in last tweoty-focr hours:
~~~. ' j^art This Last
>" t -*tir.^_' 21 hours, season. se**on.
X-^k* ..'. O.m «-27 W).46
-- ¦. r.:u- .0.00 r.\.(A rus
*^aeje~tji ........ O.M 16.T3 1«.«
!**¦ TscacUco O.riO 20.M l K -2*
|» rtfl 7.OT S.50
l **r*S>.i^£ .'..'.'... ©>> 2"7 2.34 !
"¦• Xjiu» OJbiapo 0.00 16.93 18. Oj
Weather Report.
California • Club. $1 23*81 30;
California
WHEAT— The American visible supply de
creased 6W.0O0 bushels. , The world's shipments
for the week were as follows, in quarters:
Russian. 373.000: Danublan. 35.000; Argentine.
361,000; Indian,, 143.000; Australian. 197.000
The Chicago market was quiet and several
fractions firmer. Minneapolis reported about
half the mills running, with a pretty good : de
mand for cash wheat. ;, V ,.-.'
In this market futures were firmer, hot the
cash grain was weak. A round lot qf No. 1
California club was offered at .$1 30, with
$1 27% bid. „
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Silver advanced 5ic. . .
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 85%
8terllcg Exchange, sight ........ — ; 4 S7%
Sterling Exchange. - cables ." — 4 SS%
New York Exchange. 1 eight....... —
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 00
Silver, per ounce . ....:. — 36"
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 ©43%
Exchange and Bullion.
the exchanges. Gas and Electric was higher at
$61 5MJC2. ind Makawell Sugar lower at
$20 23. The oil stocks showed more activity at
about previous quotation.
Home Oil has declared a dividend of 2%c.
The Mexican Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 13c.
The Yellow Jacket Mialsg Company has
lev-led an assessment ot 10c per share, de
linquent June 10.
Central Eureka Mining Company has -de
clared a monthly dividend ot 3c per share
amounting to $12,000.
The Lion Oil Company has levied an as
sessment, of lc per share, amounting to $4000
delinquent June. 11. - ¦ ' : - •
Fluctuations were neither numerous aor
pronounced, as the market was quiet on all
The Week Opens With Quiet and
Featureless Markets.
LOCAL MAKKETS.
STOCK MAKKET.
The five crates of Prlnele AprlccU that
came In late on Saturday from Indio, River
side County, were still on hand and there were
additional receipts of 15 crates from the same
section. *Tne fruit was in rather poor condi
tion and as it had to be sold quickly prices
were- reduced. Twelve crates of the same va
riety came in from Yuma, Ariz., but were not
sold, having arrived too late for the regular
trade. ' Receipts of Cherries were Increased to
86 boxes, nearly all from points on the Sac
ramento River, and they, too, - were quoted
lower. •-. Receipts of Etrawberrles were nearly
60O chests and most ' of - them showed the ef
fects of the recent hot wave, being more or
less sunburnt. Prices declined sharply and'
there were quite a few ; chests : unsold at ' the
close. A crate . of raspberries arrived from
Los Angeles and sold at 25c per basket and 3
crates of Dewberries from the same section
sold at 15c Der basket.
Trade In oranges was active, both in the
open market and in the auction rooms, where
the offerings were Urge. The trade was still
buying more on size than on quality, the small
and medium . sizes . of Navels having the most
call, and- occasional lots -of such stock com
manded a prrmlum. The attendance - at the
auction sale was large and desirable sizes
were keenly competed . for. small sizes of the
choice grade bringing as much Jn some In
stances as. fancy.' The standards were of much
better quality, than . those, offered last week
and met with ready- sale at higher prices.
Eleven : cars -were j sold -as follows: Extra
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
WHEAT— Receipts. 81^*00* bushels: spot was
steady: No. 2 red. $1 OS. elevator: No. 2 red,
$107*1110. f. o. b.,' afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, $1 00%. f. o. b., afloat. Options opened
higher on local buying and were steady all
day. closing %c advance. May closed at 83c;
July. 81c; September. 84ftc; December, 84Wc.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL. — Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE^ — Spot Rio weak. No. 7 Invoice,
6* 4 c; mild, quiet; Cordova. lC@13c.
The market for Coffee futures closed steady
at a net decline of 10 points. Sales 63,230
bags, including, July. 5.55c; September, 5.80®
5.85c; October. 5.90c; November, 6c; December.
6.03e6.15c.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; fair reflnlng, 3 7-32c;
molasses sugar. 2 1.1-32C. Rpflned was firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market la
quiet, but holders are confident and prices
show no Indication of softening. Common are
quoted at 4<g3Vic; prime. .".sg5*4c; choice,
eViG^Hc. and fancy at 7@7%c.
PRUNES — Are quiet as to demand, with the
tone rather unsettled. Quotations range from
3c tc t>%c. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are in moderate demand. Choice
0%«fl0c; extra choice. 10>4@10%c; fancy, 11©
13c
PEACHES — Continue steady In tone. Choice
7Vi©7&c; extra choice, 7 *«gsc; fancy, 9%@
10c . .
New York Metal Market.
NF.W YORK. May 9. — Tin broke badly la
London to-day. Spot closed £1 10s lower at
£125 15sv and futures were £1 2s 6d lower at
£124 lCs. Locally the market was easy at
$27 50©27 SO. . ,.-
Copper was also a little lower In London,
closing at a decline of 15s to £57 10s for* both
spot and futures. The local market is quiet.
Lake. 13.50c": electrolytic. 13. 12 %& 13. 25c: cast-
Ing at 12.S7%ei3.12%c.
Lead declined Is 3d to £11 Is 9d In London,
NEW YORK. May 9.— FLOUR— Receipts,
11,000 barrels; exports, 5300 barrels; market
steady.
New York Grain and Produce.
Flour qr aks .. 3.146 Screenings, sks.. 443 1
Wheat, ctls .... 2.047(Hides Xo SS9 I
Barley. Ctls 2,637|Pelts. No 3361'
Oats, ctls 340 Tallow, ctls ... 261
Corn, ctls 1.1S4 1 Leather, rolls ... 33
Beans, sks .... 5,121 ! Lime bbls .... 460
Potatoes, sks .. 1.S63J Paper, reams .. 633
Onions, sks ... BOjWlne. gals .... T4.E5O
Bran, sks 74O: Chicory bbls . . 30
Middlings, sks.. , 101 Sugar, ctls ..... S0O
Hay. tons KWi Quicksilver, flks. 70
Wool, bales 1.3521
EASTERN.
Flour, qr sks .. 2.0u0: Potatoes, sks .. B.1C1
I
FOR .MONDAY. MAY 9.
Receipts of Produce.
Butter opened the week with continued large
receipts, but prices showed no change. Trade
was quiet. Cheese also stood as before stated.
Eggs were lower and dull, but the market
exhibited no new feature worthy of comment.
Receipts were 87.000 lbs Butter. 1211 cases
Eggs and 6100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands lS^lSVjc
for extras and 17^17 %c for firsts; dairy, 159
17%c; store Butter. 13@14c; cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE— 8®9c ' for good to canics new
and 7Q7%c for lower grades: Young Americas.
9%@10c; Eastern. )Z.Q16c: Western.) I:"ol0c
per lb. - - . ' /
EGGS — Ranch. 19®21c for fair to choice;
store, 17S19C per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. May ». — Cotton futures closed
net unchanged to an advance of 4 points.' -
WASHINGTON, May 9. — -To-day's etate
mrr.t if t*e Treasury balances In the general
fur>d. ex-lnslve cf the $150,000,000 gold re
serve in the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balances. $218,772,372; gold.
$120,719,417.
Condition of the Treasury.
Wheat — May. July. Sept.
Opening 6 "% 6 4=i fi 5%
Closing 6 3% 64% 6 5>i
PARIS.
Wheat — May. Sept.* Dec.
Opening .' 21 15 20 50
Closing 2115 20 50
Opening 27 R5 27 55
Closing 27 SO 27 55
'London Wool Sales.
LONDON. May 0. — The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day amounted to 13.534 bales.
A fine eupply of Victorian was in strong re
quest for America and Germany. Scoured?
met with a good demand and prices were in
setters' favor. First pieces scoureds and sec
onds were taken by French buyers at the
highest rate of the series. A fine selection
of cross-breds sold spiritedly, principally lo
home and German buyers at high prices.
Americans secured suitable lots. Cape cf Good
Hope and Natal wools were firm, chiefly on
continental demand, and a few parcels were
bought for America.
St. Louis Wool Market. ¦
ST. LOUIS, May 9.— WOOL— Active Me
dium grades, combing and clothing lTfl21«'"M
light and fine. 14gi7c; , heavy fine' 12fil4o" I
tubwauhed. 20Q31C
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. '
PORTLAND, Or.. May 9— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 73374c; bluestem. S4c: valley. S3c
WASHINGTON, •
TACOMA. Wash., May 0. — Wheat — Un
changed. Bluestem, 64c; club. 74c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE May 9.— Clearings. $662,240' bal
ances. $179,009. ¦,-?;>'¦
TACOMA. May 9.— Clearings. $370,217; bal
ances. - $55,836. .
PORTLAND. May 9. — Clearings. $660 853:
balances. $97,514.
SPOKANE. May 9.— Clearings, $431,368; bal
ance t. $38,178. !
Two more cars of Western Poultry, consist-
Ing chiefly of Hens, were on sale and a third
car. which arrived rather late, was held over
for to-day's market. The stock was offered
at $0 50 per dozen and moved ofT.well at that
figure. Receipts of domestic stock were very
light, but there were quite a few coops of
carrled-over utock offering, which dragged at
previous prices.
Game was dull, owing to the hot weather.
Receipts were 12 sacks, consisting chiefly of
Hare and Rabbits, and they sold at lower
prices. Quotations for other kinds are omitted.
as there are not enough coming in to quote.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13SlTc p?r Ib;
Geese, per pair. $1 3O«22: Goslings. $2 50^3 5<>:
Ducks. $565 50 per ddzpn for old and $fi©3'50
for young: Hens, 3C@6 50 for large and
$4 5065 for «malk youn? Roostrrs. $7 50®
SH); old Roostefs. $4 50-g5: Fryers. $607:
Broilers, $3©4 for large and $2^3 for
small: Pigeons, $1 2301 50 per dozsn for old
and $1 75©2 for Squabs.
GAME— Cottontail • Rabbits. $1 50@2 per
dozen; Brush Rabbits, $1 25; Hare, $1 259
1 50.
Poultry and Game.
Foreign Futures.
Con for money. K» 11-1RN Y Central lis*.
Con far acct. .83 13-16: Nor & Western.. M<
Anaconda 3%| Do pfd 00
Atchison 74Ui Ontario & West.. 22
Do ofd 0-" 1 ',! Pennsylvania 60 l «
Bait A Ohio SOSlRand Mines ir>%
Canadian Paeiflc.l20%'Rea<lir.g 22<i
Ches A Ohio..'.. 31 I Do l«t pfd 40
Chi Great West.. 1<! i Do 2d pfd .'52
C M A St P....14«%!Southern Ry 21 H
De Beers IR [ Do pfd 86%
Den & Rio G. .. 20 \] Southern Pacific. 4S^»
Do pfd 70^! Union Paclflc RO«J
Erie 25 I Do rfd ft4%
Do 1st rfd C5 W S Steel ]O%
Do Id tM ."!>U! Do pfd ."i«i?
Illinois Central... 133%IWabash 1R%
Louis A Nash 110%! Do pfd 3s %
M. K A T 171.; I
Bar silver — Firm; 25 13-lCd per ounce.
Money — l*4C2Vi percent. :•-.'
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2 1 * per cent and for three
months' bills 2m?3 1-16 per cent.
London Closing' Stocks.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bars:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.S5c;
Powdered. 3.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c;
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.60c; Dry Granu
lated, ccarse, 5.60c: Fruit GraDUlated B.POc;
Beet Granulated (ICO-Ib bags only).* 5.50c;
Confectioners" A. 5.60c; Magnolia A. 3i2Oc;
Extra C. 5.10c; Gclden C. 5.00c: "D."
4.90c: barrels. 10c more; half barrels. 23j
more: boxes. 30c more; 50-lb bags 10c more
for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels. 6.10c:
boxes. 6.35c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos, 8.60c
per Ib. No orders taken for less than seventy
five barrels or its equivalent. - ,
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7©
7%c per Ib; White Lead. TSTUc. according to
quantity.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OH. la bulk.
14c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 20%c: Astral 2O%c;
Star. 20%c: Extra Star. 24%e: Elaine. 26%c:
Eocene. 23%c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, tn
bulk. 16c; in cases. 22%c: Benzine, la bulk.
13c: In cases. 19%c; S6-degre« Gasoline In
bulk. 25c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE-rSlc per gallon la eases and
75c In drums and iron barrel*.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 3%c spot and 5»ic June-
July; San Quentin. $3 40; Wool Bags. 32$&jc:
Fleece Twine. 7gSc
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, fv. Seattle. $« 50: Bryant. $G 50; Bea
ver Hill. $6; Stanford. $7: Rostyn. $7; Cocs
Bav, $5 50: Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7: Richmond.
$7 SO; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 23 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthmcltn Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg.- $13; Welsh Lamp.
$11 30; Cannei. $3 50 per ten; Coke. $11 50QU
per ton tn bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 43 per 2000 Ibs and $12 SO
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases.
add 5c: Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. Xo. 1. 70c-
Bakers' AA. $1 10©l 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nat. G0@70c per gallon:
Coccanut Oil In barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached wlnt*r Sprm
Oil. S3c: natural winter Sperm Otl. 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale OH, 63c; natural Whale
Oil, 6Cc; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c:
No. 1 Lard OH. COc: purt Neatsfoot Oil I3c;
No. 1 Neatsfcot Oil. 63c: light Herring OIL
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 3Sc
boiled Fish OH. 40c: raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled
Paint Oil, 35c: raw Paint OH, 33c.
General Merchandise.
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO
CHICAGO. May 0. — CATTLE — Receipts.
2*. COO hfad: market steady: ecod to prime
steers. ?.".$5 50; r>oor to medium. $3 OOftl SS:
•tockrr* and fee*l«*rs. S-1^4 SO: cows. SI 75<S
"4 40; heifers, >2 2304 CO; canr.crs. fl 7." r >'32 40:
bulls. *2i74 10; catves. $2 ot^j; Texas fed
*Wrj. $404 C5.
HOG? — Receipt? to-dav 33.CC0 head, to-mor
row. 3S.000 head: market st»ady to strong;
mixed and butchers'. $4 "Z'fH STU ; gocd to
choice heavy. ?4 see 4 05; rou^h heavy. $4 r."»
f?4 80- light. *4 65©4 80; hulk of sales, $4 70
fit SO.
SHEEP— Receipts. 20,C«^> head- the market
for sheep and lambs was stfadv to strong:
gocd to choice wethers, $4 73*55 23; fair to
choice mixed, $1 50fi4 50; Western sheep,
cltpped. $465 23: native lambs. *l 73*13 75:
Wf-rtern iambs, cllpoed. $4 75^5 75; Western
lambs, wooled. $6€6 S3.
Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. May 9— There was no relie:
to-day frcm the apathy of the stock market,
which was at about as low an ebb as on &at
j unlay. The anniversary to-day of the panic
ot l;*Jl »a* u;e LKrciuion or much discutsiun
an<i xnoralizing. and ol many striking c,m
jjirisons between the speculative inttrest of
tut vtriod and of the present. The discua
aicn of the present market has to do entirely
witn the ability to maintain present rates of
dividera distribution, and strict attention is
gi\'.n to actual returns of earnings and traffic
movement. The week ¦ expression* trom
j trafflc oificials continue the showing of a ue
j clln:ng l^vel from la*t year, w;th a high level
oi operating expcusea coming in force. Re
ports cf comir.g retrenchments in more th«n
oi.e tapcrtant system were current and some
hope was lelt that benefit would result to the
tiet returns. The *li»ht upward tendency of
prit-es setmed due ratner to the intermlttency
of the market following the decline of last
week than to any change of sentiment. The
I advance in Louisville and Nasimlle was based
I on published comparisons of earning power
with the other railroad stocks at higher prices.
There were no movements of general import
ance. . ..z~l- -,
A recovery of a point Ir. United States Steel
second mortgage ot was the feature la the
bond market. Total bales. SI/jGj.W).
United States a* (registered) declined K Der
ceiit ca caiL
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. Hi^h. Low. Close. .
Atchison 3,40>J 72 ». 72 7"ix
Atchison pfd .' . w " 1*
Baltimore Ai Ohio. 2,loo 7e T i 7»H 7s«C
Halt & Ohio pfd .... , m yglJ
CaRadian PaciSc .. 200 117 117 117
Central ot N J 167
Ches & Ohio 400 301* 30 30«i
Chicago Sc. Alter. '38
Chi Ac Ail: n pfd £i
Chicago A. Gt West 5ow ia«i 151^ 151A
Ct-lcago tc N W... Io0- 16»% l<i;««2 ltt»
< r.i 31x1 A St Paul. 4,Oou 143% 142«k 142fe
Chi M &. St P pfd ., 176
Chi Term 4. Trans. 100 b~ t &u .s
Chi T * T pfd '.. is
C C C & St Louis 71%
Colorado Southern.- 100 19 l« 15*;
Colo So l»t pfd 62U
Colo So 2<1 pfd ltX> 22»4 22'i 22
Del & Hudeon K«t 134% 156% iw
Del Lack it West.. ltX> 2t>5% 2>la% 26»
L>tnver U Rio Cr 201.4
Den & Kio Gr pfd «»Vj
Erie 1,600 24% 24*; 24^
Erie lit pfd 700 63% tB 63
Erie 'A Dfd 3»U
Hocking Valley 65
Kecking Val pfd.. 100 78% ~S\ 78%
Illinois Central ... 100 130S 130-S 130
Iowa Central - 17%
Iowa Central pfd 34
X <; S.uthfrr. 17H
K C Southern pfd 34%
Lcuisv &. Nashv... 4,400 100% 107% 109
Manhattan L 1.60O 143S 143 143
Metropol Securities 200 73 75 75
Met Street Ry 5,100 10S% 1O7;4 10fe%
Minn A fc't Louis 40
M St P * S«S M.. 700 62 62 62
MStPASSMpfd . 118%
Missouri Pacific ... 1.100 91% Sl% 81%
Ma Kans A Texas.. 300 17 17 16%
M K A T pfd 3Otf 36K 38 36
N R R of Mex pfd 36
N Y Central 800 113 114% 115
Norfolk * West CG%
Nor Sl West pfd 85%
Ontario £ Western S00 21% 21 % 21*
Pennsylvania 9.000 114% 114% 114%
P C C A St Louis 5fl '
Reading 2.200 43% 43 43%
Rptdlng 1st pfd 78 ¦>
Heading Cd pM 100 62% 62% ¦ 6O%
Rock Island Co 3.600 22^4 22% 22%
Rc-ck IsUuid Co pfd 1,300 66^4 66% 66
Ft L & S F 24 pfd 100 47% 47T» 47*4
gt Lools S TV 13
Et Louis S W pfd .... 32lj
Southern Pacific .. 3,800 47% 47 47H
Southern Railway. 900 21 20^4 " 20?i
Sc-othern Ky pfd.. »00 M% .83% 84
Texan A. Paclflc... 4CO 22% 2214 22.
Tol St L A West.. 25tf
T St L A W pfd... 100 38% S*% 3SU
rnlon Pacific : 8,600 84*, 84 84.
Union Paclflc pfd 81?,
Wabash -• W
Wheel & Lake E. .... 14« |
WisootBin Central. •-•••¦. •-•• .--•• 17*i
W's Cer.tralpfd... 1C0 40 40_ 29
Mexican Central... 700 7% 7% 7%
E rpre« Coapanie*-
New York Stock Market.
Prime mercantile paper. 3\g4V4 P*r cent.
Sterling exchange *ti hrtvy, with actual
bUFiaess in bickers' bills at *4.t.«<Mj4.s7 inr
dfmar.il and at $1.S4'A^4.!«4&5 {or sixty-day
trfEs.
PostrU rates, *4 804^4 *6 and $4 &>.
Ccxnrcertfal bills, $4 S4* t .
Bar r liver. 5uc.
5Iexicac dcliars. 44 L , c.
Eonis — Governn;€nis. easier; railroads, ir
r«guiax.
NEW YCRK. May 9. — Close — Money en call
t.s« easy at liil 1 * i*r cent, closing bid and
effered l l 4 P«r cent. Time toans were easy
and dull. Sixtr days. 2^2% per cent; ninety
<i£ys. -K^- 1 -: I-r cent; eix months. 3C3*i
P*r cent.
New York Monev Market.
; CHICAGO. May !>.— On the Produce Ex
chance 'to-day the butter market was easy:
creameries. 13©18%c: dairies. 13O17c; estss.
easy at mark. cas=s included. 13R15%e; chees*,
wrak. 8"jC^«ic. ' "" "?~~
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 4*i7c per lb:
Rhubarb. 3C©40c for bay and W*g73c per bjx
for Sen Jose; Green Pea«. $1©1 50; Gardm
Peas. '5c per lb: String Beans, 537c per lb;
Wax Beans. 6flSe perlb; Tomatoes. $1 308
1 75 per bo* or crate for Loa Angeles and
$1 *>C€2 25 for Mexican; Summer Squash, il'ii
1 60 per box; Cabbage, $1 50 per ctl; Carrots,
50c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers., 5Oc9$l 25
per*dozen; Garlic, nominal; Egg Plant. 15@2t>c
per lb; Dried Peppers. S-glOc for sun-dried
and 12*4ei.'l<' per lb for evaporated; Dried
Okra. :2K^15c per lb; Green Feppers. S812%c
per lb for Los Angeles and 154?20c for Mexican;
Marrowfat Squash. Jobbing at l%@2c per lb.
POTATOES — Burbar.ks from the river. $1 35
fil 50 per ctl: Oregon Burbanks. $1 50@l 75
per. ctl: River Heds. $!®1 lw per ctl; small
Or<?ron B-.irbanks for seed. $1 25©1 50 p;r ctl:
Garnet Chile*. $1 25©1 50 per ctl; Early Rose,
$1 2W?1 40 per ctl; new Potatoes. I%g2%c per
pound.
ONIONS— Australian Yellow, $4®3 per ctl;
new Red $1 T."fi2 25 per sack; new Green,
SOeCOe per box.
Stocks of old Oreeon Burbanks were liberal
and there was a steady inquiry fcr strictly*
ftney lots, but there was very little such
stick to be had and pales at the top quotation
were rare. Offerings consisted ch'.e.iy of lew
grade stock, which dragged at unsteady price*.
A steamer arrived with 5101 sacks and th»re
were several carloads' received by rail. New
Potatoes ruled weak under continued heavy
rtccipts and prices had a wider range. A
small consignment of Oarnet Chiles came in
frcm Use Mission district and sold at 3c per
pound. Onions were firm and all kinds Tvero
quoted higher.
The market was liberally supplied with mis
cellaneous vegetables and several kinds were
lower. A considerable portion of the rereipl3
of Asparagus showed much deterioration as a
result of lying on the docks over Sunday,
exposed to the hot sun. About one-third of
the receipts were consigned to the canners,
who were also purchasing in the open market
at 4W*J5c per pound. P*as. Rhubarb auil
Si'mmer Squa.«h wers plentiful and low>-r.
String and Wax Beans arrived freely from the
south, but cleaned up well, as the low prices
stimulated the demand.
Receipts of vegetables included 1626 box. a
of Asparagus. 3S1 boxes of Rhubarb and M'i
sack* of Peas.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HOGS— Live Hi-gs, 1 tO to 200 lbs. S^e;
over 200 ibs. 3%@3*$c; soft Hcgs. 4%4eji 4 c:
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 i>er cent off,
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tiers.
The lollowir.g quotations are lor good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco. less 50
per cent obrir.kage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. \«>89c: Cow s and Heifers.
78>*c: thin Cows, 4@5c per lb. •
CALVES — »©4%e per lb tgro»« weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%©4e: Ewes. 3f;^3%:
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— *2 SC«2 75 per head.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:-
BEEF — 7#7 %c for Steers and 6$6%c per
lb for Cows
VEAL— Large, 7%fi8c: small,- £%<?«%c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7H@Sc; Ewes, • 7£Sc
per lb. .
LAMB— flt?10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hots. «n©0c p*r In.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The week opened with a general decline In
Beef. Mutton and Lamb. There are continu»<l
larre arrivals of Be«f and Mutton, sent In to
be sold on commission, and still lower quota
tions are exriected. Veal la particularly plen
tiful. There is no further change in Hogs,
but they are not firm.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
CHICAGO. May 0. — Cash quotations were as
followr: Flcur. dull and steady; No. 2 spring
wheat. 904?i)5ct No. 3, gOfisa^c: No. 2 red.
.*¦ (?.\frl i)4: No. 2 ccrn, 4^»;c: No. 2 yellow.
«">3ff53%o: Nn. 2 oats. 41^641^; No. 3
white. 41»44c: No. 2 rye, 7<>€73c: good feedin*
barley. 32917c: fair to choice maltinr. 453
50c; No. 1 flax*eed. *1 01%; No. 1 Northwest
ern. *1 09: prims tlmnthy seed, $2 9O; tne$s
perk, per bbl. 511 45tfU 50; lard, per 100 lbs,
*G 47%fi6 50; fhort ribs sides loose, $rt 2t)^
6 SO: shrrt clear sides (boxed), $6 254JO 00;
whisky, basis hish wines, ?1 2S: clover, con
tract grade. ?10 75.
Article? — Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels 2n.70O0 . 10,300
Wheat, bushels 27.0<t<> 27.10i>
Corn. bi'sh*»ls l!»2..1<ift 122.7W
Oats, bushels lie.nurt lai.oott
Rye. . bu«helr .1,000 22.00<t
Earley. bushels 33.000 ¦ C.400
Cash Grain and Provisions.
4s qr reg... 107 107%l3a qr coup... — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. -— i
Ala A W 5s. — — |O T Co U..119H —
Bay CPC 5s. 100% — j Do 5s — 112»-i
Cal C G 5s. — 105 ! Do con 53.101 *41<W»»
Cal G is. E g (Oceanic S 5s. 64 75
m it ct 5b. SUi — |Om Cable «s — 122
Cal-«t C 5s.lie* 4 117^iFac G Id 4i. — Ha>
C C Wat 5». — 1C1 ip E Ry 5». — 103
Ed L & P 6s — . — |P * C H 6».104\ —
F ft C H es.ll4%llS«4 p A O R Cs.llC -
Geary-st 5s.. — — tPowell-st 6i«. — 114
H C*S 5%s.lOO — I Sac EGAR 5s WS^ —
Do 5s — 9S%ISF iSJV 5s.ll6mi7<4
Hon R T 6s. 104% — rS'errra R 6s. — 113
L A Elec 5a. — 1(5 IS P of A 6s
L A Ry Ss..lll%112 (ltK»> 107*«10Sii
L A L C Cs. — — (1910> 1OST«1<»
Do g-td «s. — — S P of C 6a
Do 5a — 105 j (19C5)Sr A.10H£ —
L.AP lem 5s. 101 If2 I <19C5>Sr B.102% --
Mkt-st c e«. — .ii9v; aw*) — ic»
Do lem 5s.ll3*iU4%f (1912* — 118.
MV&Mt TSs.101 — SPC leg 3s.H0 —
NRR of CCa.107 107% Do s:mpd..lO7'41Cjr«4
Do 5» ii«s%ii7 s p b r es.ins —
X P C R 5». — 107 S V W 6S..1C5 —
N C Ry 5s.lO9 — Do 4s 23m. «> 99«i
N C P C 5s. 99 102 Do 4s 3dm. 90 T i — '
N S R R 5s. 05 — Stkn GAE 6s 05 97%
O G LAH.'.s.ie«%107 U G i E S«. — 105
O W gt U. — — I
WATER STOCKS.
Centra Costa 37 40 (Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co... — «1 \3 V W Co.. 3S«-i 3»
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. 3 — !3 F G A E. 61\ 62V£
Mutual EL.— 12U Stkn G A E. 5 —
Pac L Co. .. 56 — \v G & E Co. — 33
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — 1
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd — 340 I
BANK STOCKS
Am Ntl Bk.123 - |L P 4 A. ..132% —
Anglo-Cal .. 82% 87 j Mer Trust... — - 223
Bank of Cal — — '.Merch Ex. . . 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 IS F National — —
Fim Nationl — — . \ , t
S.WING3 BANK3.
Ger S & L.2260 2350 fSav & L So. — 1C0
Hum SAL.— — iSec Sav Bk.. — • 450 T
Mutual Sav.100 — i Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.623 -^- }
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 JPresldlo .... 33% 41
Geary - SO |
POWDER.
Giant CC?; — iVigcrlt 4*; 4 T ,
SUGAR.
Haca P Co. — 40c iKilauea S C. 3 t
Hawaiian C. 49% — 'Makawdt C. 2t>H —
Honokaa S C 11% 12 [Oaomea S (?2» STM
Hutch SPC »H — IPaauhau S C 13^ 13»j
MISCELL-VNEOUS.
Alaska P A. 140 141 lOceanlc S C. 4 4>,
Cal F C A.. — It 0%: Pac Aux FA. 5 6
Cal Wine A. 91% 53 ,pa C C Borx.lKi 167
MV&Mt Tn.lw> — I J 1
Morning Sessioa.
EranJ —
SO Cal Wine Association »1 75
3 Hawaiian Com'] and Sugar 49 ?5
10 S F Gas and Electric el 5o
76 Spring Valley Water Co 33 SO
$2CC0 Market-it Ry 1st con 5s. s 5 114 00'
Afternoon Session.
• f • Board—
$100i) Cal G A E gen m and ct 5s X ":<•
10O Central Light and Power :; to
30 Giant PowVr Con «1 w>
10 Hutchirucn S P Co 9 ir'i
5 Makawcli. taah Ci> 25
$2GC0 Marktt-6t Ry 1st con 5*. s 5 114 '«¦
11 S F. Gas and El-ctric... 61 73
50 S F Ga» and Electric, s 9l> (S i» I
IW S F Ga* and Electric CVI
155 S V Water 3S M>
$10CO 8 V 4s. 2d m <M Wi
unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BOND3.
Bid.Ask ! BldAsk.
Bay CPC 6». — 90 [S P Coast fc. — IW
B L Wat 5s. — 117%: a P Co 4%s.lOO»i —
C NW Ry 5a — 113 tSun Tel. Cs..ll:: —
Marln W 3s. ICO — i Do 5a — 1C3
Rindcn IW5s — 107%'Sutt«r-Bt 5». .Ifi5 ' 113
SF Drydk 5s — 1131,! UR of SF 43. 79 7»»l
SF & NP 5s — 111*.!
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co.. .24% 27%!Mat Nav Co. — 80
Am Bis Co.. — — fMHU Ntl Bk. — —
Cal Cot Mils 83 — INev Ntl Bk. — 200
Cal G&E Cor 43 — iN S R R »*i —
C Jockey C1.1.W 130 IN C P C... 11 Il«*.
Cal Powder. 1^0 — »Oak Bk Sav. 112% — ..
Cal SXip Co. 21 27 jOak T Con.. 75 " — '
Cal T I & T. — 135 HOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk Oak 60 — lOrpheum Co. 14 —
Chut-' Co.. — 7%-P C Cas Co. 120 —
City A C Bk . 112 !Pac S Tel... — 102
Cyp L Imp. 6 — jPac Srty Co. — ••— ;*
East Drnm. — 230 jParaf Paint. 33 ' '—/:
DuPont Pow 80 9O |S F Drydock m —
Do com... — 30 (S? A SJCoal 25 . 32%
FN Bk Oak. 120 — |S J Wat Co. — 1W
Fischer Thtr — 73c rS O&Txbt C.123 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — rSwisa-A Bk.113 -
Gas Con A.. — 22 ITruck Elect. 12% 12.%
Hon© P Co. — 14%)UR IaCo pfd 43 —
Lon S F Bk — 60 1 Do Com...- 9 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — *
SJCCO United R R of 9 F 4s 79 M
Aftersoon Session.
Board — ' '..-'-'
$3000 United R R of 3 F 4a 79 23
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Otl Stocks— Bid. Ask^d.
ApoUo «
Associated Trust Cert 13 20
Caribou 4» .
Chicago Crude 20 2X
Claremont W> ...--
Four M> «1.
Giant J3 . .....
Hanford - 190 CO 135 CO
Home ....- 1 63.
Imperial.... IS CO
Independence 2tJ .....
Junction S : . :; .TV. 12 13
Kern WV«r 10 CO 12 »
Uca 01 / id
Monarch (or Arlxcna) 3S 4rt
Monte Cristo «J TO
Occidental (of W. Va.). lt>
Oil City Petroleum ,-. 4« 47
Peerlesa ".. ..... ...... ....... •..*..' 14 0O
Pituburs 13 - 20
Sovere^n*"!!!!!.*""-.*"" *" "<5 ....!
Sterllns 2»
Superior 0* '•
Thirty-Three -• » -O
Toltec _ » -"—"¦
Twenty-Eight 25 8 0O
Associated Bonds 79 ;
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Improvement ..... X SO
Cal Gas and Electric Corp.. 38 00
Cal Shipping Co. » CO
Chutes Ca TOO SCO
Cypress Lawn- Imp. ' Co ..:. 7 00
Fischers Theater 40 BO
Continued on Page Fourteen.
EASTEBX 3IABKETS
L~» AnreUi 0.CO 8.C9 19.29
San Diego 0.00 4.28 11.64
THE COAST RECORD.
= 2 se i 2 i
3 £3=3 to S
ETATIONS. I |§|l £l I" §
; c c ; ; 3
• a e ¦ . I
Bfik^r 29.iS4 72 40 SW Cloudy .00
Carson 20. $4 7S 34 W Cloudy .00
Eu.T:k-» 30. Uj 56 4S N Pt.Cldy .00
Fr-sno 21*. 74 l« 60 N^5" Pt.Cldy .00
S.E. FamUon.23.Sfc CJ 50 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 2:«.SS ' 74 26 SW Cloudy .00
PocatiUo 20. 8S 70 45 SE Cloudy .00
Independence .20.^0 S4 52 SW Cloudy -t">
Lo* Angeles.. 2a. 84 CS 52 W Cloudy .00
Mt Tasia!pais.2». i s.S N> 63 W Clear .00
North Htad-.SC.CS 50 49 NW Cloudy Tr.
Pboerix 2a.C6 100 60 NE Cloudy .00
Point Reyes.. 29. S9 00 47 N Oear .(»)
Ponlar.d :«).»10 60 '4'5 NW Rain .01
Red Bluff 29. 7S 00 M S Pt.Cldy .fx»
Rcssburg ....30.00 74 4<5 N Pt.Cldy .«X>
Sacramento ..2!<.7S 8S »50 P Pt.Cldy .M
Salt Lake ...29.!*) 74 40 NW Clear .00
San Frine'.*co.23>« 7<; 5S SW Clear .00
San L.Obi5po.2».84 IS 48 S Cloudy .00
San Diego 23. S4 62 5S W Cloudy .00
Settle 30.06 56 40 NW Cloudy .00
Spokane 29. &S 6<> 42 W Cloudy .00
Tat(V.sh 30.06 50 44 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Walla Walla. 29. >s$ 70 40 SW Cloudy .00
Tumi ¦ ¦ 29.64 V% C6 SE Clear .00:
W£L\THER COXDITIOXS~AND GENERAL !
FORECAST.
The pressure ha* fallen rapidly over the j
iater-mouatain region. Cloudy weather pre- j
x'ai's s^nerally in California, with fog along '
tht ccast. Maximum temreratures ranging j
frcm •«> tD 98 degrees are reported grneraliy in
the intfricr.
A c:»xlmuni wind velocity of thirty miles
per hcur from the northwest is reported at
Koctta Head. *
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty s
hOTTrs. ending midnight May 10:
NsrO-em California -r- Cloudy, cocler Tues- j
day; fr^sh boutl.*>rly winds In the Interior, i
bri«k westerly win>> en the coa*t with fog.
c outh«"m California — Cloudy unsettled
nttbtr Tuesday; fresh southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, cooler Tuesday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, cooler
Tuesday with fcg: light southerly winds
changing to bri^k westerly.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Receipts of Hay were heavy again, being
030 tons, but prices were net affected, as the-
Government order for 3S70 tons, which thN
n.arkrt expects to get, with the regruiar local
demand, will, it Is thought, clean up the
market before the new crop comes in.
Feedstuffs continue firm at unchanged prices.
BRAN— *21fT22 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— $27 50^20 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $21^22 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50(g24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50031:
jobbing $32: Cocoanut Cake. $22923: Corn
Meal. $30 &0<g31 60; Cracked Corn. $31£32:
Mixed Feed. $21@22: Horse Beans. $303
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 9Oc per ctl.
HAY— Wheot. JllfjlS: Wheat and Oat, 511©
14; Oat. ?1O«13 50; Barley, $10*312; Stock.
SlOfill: Alfalta. $9^11 pfr ton.
STRAW— 50C70C per bale.
Ha\ and Fcedstuffs.
_- .-'. Japanese Bonds.
¦--<•-': »ts a char; advance in Japanese
; rif .r. Lc»lcm yesterday, the loan or 550,000.
¦'¦ to heavily oversubscribed that it
to a pre&Uura c* 5 pclr.U.
„ -. Flour Exports in "April.
The fCJswtnr ahow» the exports of Flour
naavjitta Fra&:laco by »ea during the month
f April; *.
•To '. Ban-*!*. Wu's.
!.:r.a 4 5.577 I 21.Sii
¦s-<:itic.B»j/s:a 5.305 19.7'JO
apaa 512 i.7is
er.tr^J -America 15.376 »4 .-: <
•frxico . . . .' 221 84S
'*r.a!r.a •. 1.150 4.4C0
-olun-.t;* 1 372 l.€27
Ccufciar " 600 2.SU3
>ru .• 575 2.4S5
la»a::a= Islanili 6.175 53.114
Tahiti ../ MM0 4.625
¦iE0»a' Is^nd* 64 312
Iritiah Celumtjla 10 44 J
Tc\ai% ....' -S6.937 J154.0S0
In April. X903. the exports were 32,44ti bar
•• >. »a:ued at «125»,1E1.
1- - ' : COFFEE TRADE.
fVcscnt -Stocks and Prospects for
the Future.
— — _
Via*" circular ef H«r.ry Ncriliager & Co..
pkew Y'rk. ; says of Ui« coffee trade:
'"¦All :C" arts known to ciarket taanipulatars
'*«• err.rlcyed t» keep prices down to about
ne ftj'el reached during February and March.
iut soiena vclecs. the actual merits of the
.rtide ciEs'w the fore again, and a healthier
one fiev<?Lop«d, which premises to take deeper
vet. new that the so much f tared May liqul-'
-.*:!'.£ if a t^atter cf the past.
"Tfcers cas be no doubt that such facts as
ire kaiwa 10 the trade warrant much higher
rice*." Thtse facts are prlnnartly that the
kcrid ntiw citjubw more Brazil coSee than is
r-i-nn rrViuced. and the prospects are that
-T.suciptioa* will k^tr> on Increasing, while
rixlaotioa wi!i cor.t:nuc to get smaller b* cause
i,,S.ucib*r . or tree* get out of bearing each
ear. tfat tb old age and other causes.
"The i>hei;enj»-aiil Brazil crop of 1&O1-4J2 «e
.cut!> ¦< ¦jYmj ii»e trees: the Jrost In 1>.C
kd BMtBHU ilztsage. t.ar.ir.g kilWd 7SjmJQ.9Ot
0 luo<<vo.<*.*r trt*«; the prolonged drouth of j
5*^3, iftKh lasttd clo»? on to eix moct^is. jnit. j
1 ((Xnl'ciany piactat:ons out of bearisg. Thus
taturt; -Las eur-'J the eril of overproduction.
a adiriija to ttis the disastrously low prices
xiiir^ji the niajcr part c£ la«l. year had the
ffiaqt . J' . .-• :; sadly neglecud to take
>rt-«?r -r^re cf their plantation*. Th*a« ar- j
he principal fictars >:.•.: brought about tlic
ht^*r*_Iro2i wvcrproduttSba to •undcrproduc
iJii. That this change ft&s been acute can
**:'.£ *.V e^en by cotnpanijg the crops cr a
•¦w ft-i.it tgo with ttu»* we are having njw,
'ZtjftAo ar.d J-tctcs crcj. of i'#n-«! amount
a to lk i ejy.MU0 tm#*. the l^ji-^i cri<p to IZ.
-J.txit. lass: tiie 1*18-1 ••* crop, m accordance
wih the rec«ipi» so lar In, *nl be etiout 10,
'»•",• !.-»;-. L&e l'jiji-vH crufi Is Duw ectimat-
I l*t<een Sl.vMWU and lu.WJiJ.Ouw bagr; tn-?
f'-si«*-'t* ttjr t&e lwx»-ti crop are said to b^
...4.L.:ax Lut proirlsinj, reports received trom
:<• *ecniae tr.fiicate that the tree*
V* *u2er;pg oare HWU|J thronth lack ot
t:a than la ar.y preceding year and if th«
rvuth shouid continue tat any iengtn K time
c lurther coc£iclera.tile curtallm-tnt of jtoCuc
|«B wcViid be a£*ured.
"It it well'tv bear in mind that i-roduction j
smiot be tiicrea*«d Kbta tre»-« have ence gone {
ui ot bearing, except ty planting DOT ::•¦«.
:.« it t*k<-s about lour years frjm the time 01
.^¦.tirg Gil they b*ar truit. Planting of new
re<re, hcwVvtr, ia tbe State of Cao Paulo,
here Eactoc ccSee conuas from. Is net likely
i&Ve place for tcme years, en account 01 a
i« which u in force in that State that dj
¦-»¦ .4 ¦ - can be plasted except at a virtually
IK^Sbtttvm *«f £«r tree; this law has about
*X yearc >et tu run. We tberelore con»id«-r I
n rutar* ' assured frcm any increase in the I
:vduct:ja for abv>ut ci;ht jear» to come.
&CTVXTIOX IN MILD GRADES.
"'V.'itif to the legitimate trade dc
»¦.:.•«« rou« POCfaa that etiae did cot de
-l~? in i-jch proporUciis duncg laj«t mentb
> m expected wojld t>% lt» ca*e. Neverthe
«c. we. nave -.-... tiCt.X alocg a quiet ab
. . <. i.'- <i»*irat>le <;ua-Uies. hardly notice-
L.t to c£i£crx who are Kradualiy depleting ,
writ* *l<scks without Lr:r.«- abic to re^leslEii
'z-s advice* in price of such qualities dur
\ last ifiouih tmcuTitM to fully *|c a pound.
nd*<v.-a »;. this advance it would be difficult
? tilt Ct£~rt tor round loti; »'tth all this our
iarkci /orusaw to be the cheapest market
> tto* vxrii. t«icg frt/m %c to lc a pc^ind
View irr.vcr-. cm Irom liraiil, acd about lc a
'jund bc;ow Smrort CL«t from Eunjpe.
«-Tce r*r*iprs at Rio and Santos were again
i Jt»« w«& our expectations, having been
bout o»e-half of tboae fcr the same month
\*1 rear. We exr*ct Uke reFults for the re
ilntr-g *wt» rr.cr.'htr of the crr>p jtar. and re-
w ate -cur rilliMU of February 1 that th»
¦ >-if.u tor l'M&-tH ct llio and Santos will be
<:h*r !*-¦»- than ten ar.<5 a half rclllion ba«*.
i'e calculate «a.i;e to-«iay at slightly below
.iyj.vty baf-n. Ail v> this the crop of Vre
ries. Bahia* and Oaraa of aiv.ut 700.000
«C6. €Si* we have a tcta: rroduct:r>3 of Brazil
f?<« tor 1903-04. of about ll.lif'.OOO bags:
h'.le ?b« conasasptkm of the*- in Europe and
- Unlucd £j*te* wUl be nearly 12.'XW.00O
w" 1 mMim iBiaaiiiiimiri »¦
"The world's vlsthle w^ply cf Bra;il coffee
n July 1 •¦ert should therefore be about 900, •
• • :..-.c« tmallcr than en July 1 la«t year.
Tij*. wcrrJd'B risible RTBty of mild coffee,
1 ttif. £lher hand, will rhotv a considerable
crreasc-^ becaca* tl>e receipts of ram* will
rove t9 have be«n heavily in .-, . « h o f the
The crcr* of thew» were not
-.y larger than they were during recent years.
it there «yr<; lar** qcaatitles h*>UJ on plan
tlons, especially in Columbia and Ventxu^la.
hich were accuaulJited during three to four
tar« of revolutionary times, acd these were
ished to conrumins- markets as coca as the
-bargo <fa» removed, which rwell^d the ahip
<r.ts of tnil<l» to the extent of fully l.Snu.ooo
¦r> v and while the consumption cf mild cof
-* waa very satisfactory. It wa« <julte in
ifficle&t to cocEtfiract this heavy Influx.
."We car. therefcre not look for much ira
-o%-«r5fnt ia tfc* total world's visible supply
which nrarilJ- and reilis are bunched, inas
uca a» the decrease In the stock cf Brazils
ill be largely cSset by the increase in the
ocJc c? d:i«i».
•*T*>« receipts of csilds !n Europe and th»
-i*ed ttates during 1JXH-C5- will no doubt
a considerable falltrg of?, and In ac
rtfa^ce with the information collected by us
mugh t>^ be*t focrceii we do not look fof
<¦"¦ • than' 3 SOft.flQO bar* ot mfld coffees our
r *h< <»iKlnr crop ye^r against aboot 5,2V>
& fcar» in 1003-04.
'Tor th*»e reasons we consider «ursel\-e«
Rifled in redndng our estimate f o«— the
" 2« prod«ctlcn for 1304-05 to H.OrtO.000
k <t« arainst which we expect to have a
nj's' ccnsuraptlnn of about aixtecn and a
tlf ~ .'.'.. t. \ ars "
Beans and Seeds.
Beans show some further variation. Pinks
are still higher and in good demand, with
stocks cleanlns up. Small Whites are al?o
firm, with few left. Large Whites, on the
contrary, are weak and lower, with largJ
receipts, 41* Ht «ks of yesterday's arrivals U
ing of this variety from Colusa. The other
kind* exhibit no new features.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 i<<tT2 55; Pea. $3; But
ters. $3g3 25; email White. $2 P0©3 10; large
White $2 30ff2 50: Ptnk, $:J *.§.* 60: R«i.
$4 25;'Li:na. $3 25S3 30; Red Kidneys. $4 7CW?
5: Blackeye $1 9C#2 10 per ctl; Horse'Beans,
$2© 2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $ifii 25; Yellow
Mustard. t^Q-t 25: Flax. $1 Sfrffl 90; Canary.
ZtV.ftr>*ic for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%©18c: Rape
3?4C2c: Tlmcthy 6©«%c: Hemp. 3%S4c.per
lb: Millet. 3g3%c: Broom Corn Seed. $20©2l
pei tun.
DRIED PEAS— Blackrye. $3 per ctl; NKes.
$3 25: Green Peas. *3fi3 25.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
abeut V*61c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c: medium. 6%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. Sc for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c: Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie: dry Hides. l«c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. 18c: She+pskins, shearlings. 2.*V330c each;
short Wool. 40Qti5c each: medium. 70©30c: long
Wool. $lfi.l 50: Horse Hide*, salt. $2 75 for
large and $232 50 for medium. $1 2531 75 for
small and 50c for Colt*. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $181 25
for small and 5Cc fcr Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. 30t?32%c. Goat Skim
Prime Ansora3. 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium. 33c; smalj, 20c.
TALLOW — No. I rendered. 4 I it?4%c per Kr
No. 2. 3%$4c; grease. 2%$3c.
WOOL— Spring clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. 12 months'. KQllc: do 7 months'. SQlOc
p-r lb; Middle Counties. 12<jrl6c for free and
Ilgl4o for defective: Northern. 15$17c for free
and 131715c fcr defective; Nevada. 12915c. ac
cording to condition.
HOPS— C4S27 per lb for California. 1903.
and 17%S2Oc for crop of 1904.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Quiet markets are reported, both h»r» and In
the West, with no further change in quota
tions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%e per lb for
heavy, 10c fcr light medium. 12c for light,
13%c for extra light and 15316c tor sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Cali
fornia Haras. 12312%c: Mess ft;ef. $10 5e<J
11 per bbl; extra Mess. $11 £0ei2: Family.
$12 GO@13; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear.
*24; Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10%e; Pig
Pork. $27: Pigs' Feet. $3; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
S%c; 10-lb Una. IM/ic; 5-lb tins. ©%c; 3-lb tins.
•JV.C.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 8T4c; tare*
half barrels. S%c; one tierce. »Hc; two tierces.
8%c; eve tierces, &%c per lb.
Provisions.
.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 809
6 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70Q5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at 13 &5©4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 10O lbs;
Rye Flour, ii 50: Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour
J7- Corn Mea! $3 50; extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats $1 60; Hominy. |4g4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $i 50<@4 75: Cracked Wheat. Mi
Farina. J4 50; Whole Wheat. Flour, $3 75;
Roiled Oats, bbls. *7 25<g8 00; In sacks. $« 75^
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Gre*n Peas. $5 50 per 100 Iba.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Provisions had a firm undertone throughout
! the entire day. The feature of trading was
; the buying of pork by shorts. July pork
i clcted 10c higher, lard was up 2%c and rlb»
i 5©"7%c higher.
The Ieadxnsr futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
May 91 »1% 90% 91 U
July, old M'i 87% 884 &,~u
,July, new {£»« bH% S5?» &»}%
¦ September, old. 62 S214 xl% t,2Vi
j September, new. 60S M fcO^i 81
Corn No. 2—
! May 4rt% 471^ 4^ tQV
'July .-:• 4SU 48'4 4S% 4SU
.Siptember 48 4*% 47U 4S%
Oats No. 2 —
; May 41 4i»i 41 4l*i
July 38% Si.% 3»S 3SV.
September 30», 30*i 30% 30%
Me*s Pork, ikt bbl—
May 11 47% 11 50 11 45 11 50
July ....11 55 11 70 11 55 11 B7%
September 11 77% 11 87% 11 77% 11 87%
: Laru. per 100 lb*—
; May 6 47% 6 5O 6 47% 6 50
July « «2% 6 05 6 C2% 6 62%
I September 6 77% 0 77% 6 77% 6 77%
Short Ribs, per luo lbs —
May* « 32%
July 6 47% 6 50 6 45 « 50
[September 6 62%
During the early part of the day sympathy
In corn with wheat weakness made the mar
ket weak. Later small receipts and rainy
weather had a strengthening influence. July
corn closed ?i<= higher at 4S»4c.
The same influences that afTected the corn
market were noticeable in oats. Closing prices
showed little change from Saturday. July
closed a shade lower at 38%c
CHICAGO. May 9.— With easier cables,
heavy world's shipments and a large Increase
in the amount on passage, th« wheat market
cpened at a decline from Saturday's closing
figures, the July option being down at
S5%'J>>3*4C to £5.%c. During the early part
of the session the market was dominated by
the bearish foreign situation, the attention of
pit traders being diverted temporarily trom
the bullish conditions in America. In conse
quence of poor support a further decline in
prices was made. July selling oS to S5%c.
Later in the session crop damage reports and
prospects of a bullish Government report to
morraw started liberal covering by shorts,
¦which resulted in a quick rally. A fair cash
demand and the fact that about half the flour
mills in Minneapolis had resumed operations
were an additional stimulant to the Improved
demand. The market continued strong the
remainder of the day, closing prices being near
the top. After selling at eti%'i|i!t>%c July
closed at S»J%c.
Future Grain and Provision*.
**RU1TS — Apricots. 8%^10%c Tor Royals and
»fil2c fcr Moorparks: Evaporated Apples. 4V,tt
6c; sun-dried. 3^40: Peaches, 6©Sc:
Pears. 8fill%c; Figs, white. 2%f}3c In boxes;
black 4>ic- Plums, pitted, 5{jT7%c per lb.
PRUNES— 1003 crop, 2©2Uc for ta« four
sixes*
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1300
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 4-crown,
4c per lb: 3-crown. 4%c: 2-crowa. 4c; Malaga.
loose. 3-crown. +c; 2-crown. rf?ic; Thompson's
seedless. 4c: seedless Sultanas, 3%c; Se«dless
Muscatels 3V«c; do floated. 3%c: Seeded Rais
ing I6-01 cartons, fancy. 5%c; choice. 3V*c;
12-cx cartons, fancy, 4%c; choice, 4»ie; in
bulk, fancy. 5 l ic; choice. 5c; Imperial clus
ters, S3: Dehesa. (2 50: » fancy. $2; London
Layers 3-crown, fl 35; 2-cruwn. $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 sottihetl. 13%fll4c;
No. 2. HVJ912c; No. 1 hardshell. 133134c
No. 2. llSH%c; Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils, ll%c fcr I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9 l ic for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6'o"7c for
Eastern: Pecans. 11913c; Cocoanuts. |4 5»>£5.
HONEY— Ccmb. 10®ll %c for whlu and S%
G9%c fcr amb«r; water white extracted. 5Sf
BUc; Tight amber extracted. 4%3^\c; dark.
3%@4c.
BEESWAX— 27«29c per lb.
Dried Fruits fiuts, Raisins, Honey.
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
• ly&i'-sirxct Stocks dull and featureless.
£accl-Stocks' and Bonds quiet and but little changed.
Shar*> improvement in Japanese Bonds in London.
Silver advances 'y^c. Exchange rates as before.
Casji \' Wheat s!c^:uy settling. Cash Barley higher. ';./;>
Osff, Com arj Rye as before' quoted.
1 .Hay easy, zt-iih increased arrivals. Feedstuff s firm.
Ecr.r.s continue to shozv a tendency to fluctuate.
' Butter and Cheese still in large supply. Eggs loner.
Provisions continue dull in all markets.
.''Genera! decline in Beef. Mutton and Lamb.
¦utMre prospects for Coffee reported bullish.
>\ toes in heavy supply, but held up. Onions higher,
"r c^'sables lozver under liberal anivals. •
• ' ."¦-». "rry in good supply and fair demand. Game nominal.
: du-rrit's and Strazubcrrics lozi'er. Oranges active.
Money— I United Fruit 110 |
Call loan? 2*T3%iU S t*te*l lo
Time loans 3S4U: Do pfd r^.%
Bond^ — I Wfst'hous** Com.. 77
Atchiioa adj. 4s.. Dl ', Mining-
Do 4s 10t>ii' Adventure 1*;
Mexican Cen 4s.. C4VAl!ouez ; »
Railroads — ! Amalgamated 47SH
Atchison 70 K Amer Zinc W%
Do rfd 92%; Atlantic 8
Boston A Albany. 244 !B!ngham 21
Boston & Maine. .l«7%'Calumet & H*cla.4«5
Boston Elevated. .141 (Centennial TO'i
Fitchturg pfd. 137 SCorper Range 4-1
Mexican Central. ij«li*ilv AV«t 22
N Y. NH & H..ll*>4i! Dominion Coal es
Ppre Marquette.. 7**Uj Franklin Its,
Union PaciSe 74 jGrancy 311;
Miscellaneous — lt]e Rcyale C'i
Am Arge Chem.. 14%!Mass Mining Z%
Do pfd 72%, Mohawk 41%
Am Pneu Tube... 4*,|Mof.t Coal & Coke 3
Amer Suear 127 |OM Dominion 12}»
Ro pt<i 12<J lOsceoIa 5<J
Am Tel & Tel. . .126=4' Parrot 24
Amer Woolen 10 l «iQuincy 60
Do pfd 74%! Shannon 7%
Dominion I & S.. 11 'Tamarack DO
Ed.Elec Ilium... 2.15 TTrinlty -.1?4
Ocneral Electric. .15? |U S Mining 20
Mass Electric I*!ifl) S Oil 0»i
Do pfd 72 (Utah 33%
Mis; Gas 33*; ! Victoria 3
I'n Sho- Mach.. SOifciWinona fir*
Do pfd . 29 I Wolverine 70%
Boston Stocks. and Bonds.
Adams Con 3Gj Little Chief 05
Aiice 3.'* Ontario 13)
Breece lClOphir 5 12
Brunswick Con... 04; Phoenix DM
Comstock Tunne«"l- lSIPotosi 17
Con Ca! & Va 1 75!£avage i.1
Horn Silver 1 :<5 Sierra Nevada 4Y
Iron Silrer 1 70 Small Hope* 13
Leadvllle Con 02)Standard 2 10
Adams , o2q
American •••.••«.. ISO
United States ...i. ...'.] ****; "'" 103
til** Fariro • 100 207 207 205
Miscellaneous —
Atral Copper 5,500 4S 47S *'Vt
Arr.erCar & Fdy -• .... 16%
Air.er Car & F pfd 70
AmerCottcn Oil... 400 SO 29 23%
Aratr Cot Oil pf d S3
Amer Ice tjT,
Amer Ice pf d 27 %
Amer Linseed Oil.. . . : 8Vi
Amer Lin Oil pfd 28
Antr Locomotive . 200 1**4 1S% 19%
Amer Loco pfd 200 S3 S3 S3>4
Amer Smelt & Rfg 200 40% 49 4a
Arcer S & R pfd... 300 954 95^4 95«i
Amer Sugar Hcflng 1,200 127S 126}, 127%
; Anaconda Min Co. 300 75 % 75 76
Brooklyn Rap Tran 200 4«U, 45% 45%
Ccio Kiiel & Iron.. 100 31 * 4 31% 31%
Consolidated Gas.. 12.SC0 20S 205 2C5
Com Products 6.400 12% 8?4 10 tj
, Corn Products pfd. 1.000 70 C5 68
Di«tillers'Securities 5<X) 22U 22i; 22>A
General Electric '.. .... 15S
i Internt: Papar 11 U .
Interntl Pap*.- pfd ¦ 67 -
Interntl Pump ! 83%
Interntl Pump pfd 7*
XaUor-.il L*ad POO 1R% 1SS 18%
North American ... 1G0 84% 84% 81
I Northern Securities JHHi.
Pacific Mall 200 26H 26U 2S
People's Gas 97H
Pressed Sleel Car. 300 27% 26% 27
Pr St##I Car pfd .'. 69%
PnltaM Pal Car 209%
Republic Steel 6%
Republic Ste*l pfd. 200 40Ti 40% 40%
Rubber Gcoo3 16
Rubber Goods pfd 77V«
Tenn Coal & Iror... 4f*> 35% 35 S5*;
U S Leather 100 tt~£ « T i C%
U S Lentfcer pfd... 300 S«> 80 79's
U S Realty »500 7 6T4 7 .
CSRvaltypid 1,700 50^ 5»H 69H
U S Ruhtter 800 16'i 15=J1 10
UBRul>bcrffd 300 64}s O4H «4<i
I US Steel 1.200 10 10 10
U 3 Steel pfd 13.400 55% 65 55V 4
Westirghouse Elec 155
Western Union 500 S3% S3V4 fe^H
Total Bales..*. llft.COO shares. ,
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. May 9. — Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Francisco: 13.CG0 at
%~ib 75.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common bid 4, asked 4 1 i; preferred bid 35Vi,
asked 3tS.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg.-.105 (L & N uni 4s 101=%
Do coupon 105 IMnhtn en gold 4s. 103%
Do 3*. reg 105% (Mexican Cen 4-«.. 68
Do coupon lot! I Do 1st Inc 13 l i
Do new 4s. reg. 1J2%| Minn & St L 4s.. 95%
Do coupon 13ZMIM K & T 4s 100%
Do old 4*. reg. 107 Do 2ds 7»%
Do coui>on 107 Ntl R Mex con 4s 73f t
Atchison gen 4s. .10l»?i N Y Cen gen 3%s. OUV4
Do adj 4* SI |N J Cen *en Cs..l30
Atlantic C L 4s. 1)5% | Northern Pac 4s..U>4%
Bait & Ohio 4s..l«ni»: Do 3s 72 \
Do 3%s 9541 N & W con 4s 93
Central of Ga 5s.H«6%!OSL 4s and partlc 94%
Do 1st Inc 71%| Penn conv 3%s. .. 03»j
Ches & Ohio 4 %i.lirj^ l Reading gen 4s... &¦>"„
CM & Alton 3%s. 7* .StL & IM con 5s. 113%
C. B fc Q new 4«. 94T4I : 'L & SF fg 4s.. 82
C.MiStP gen 4s. 10a ISt L S W lsts... 94%
C 4 N W con 7s. I27 r i,' Seaboard A L 4s. CS
C. R I 4 P RR 4« 70%: Southern Pac 4s.. 91%
Do col 5a M hi i Southern Ry 5a.. 116
CCCAStL gen 4a.lO0H;T«as & Pac UtA.USU
Chi Term 4* SO T. St L & W 4s. 70%
Con Tobacco 4s. 58 (Union Pac 4s 105^
C F & I conv 5s. 71 %i Do conv 4s 97* s
Colo & South 4s. B3%[C S Steel 2d 5s.. 73 •
Den & Rio G 4s. 93U;W«bash lsts 115«i
Erie prior lien 4s. Q<\\ Do deb B n%
Do g<-n 4* 8"!%; Wheel & L E 4s. 9O
FtW ADC lsts.li.is (Wisconsin Cen 4s. OO
Hocking Val 4 4?.107>4!
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, May 0.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday. May 7, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Bushels. Decrease.
Wheat 29.69J.000 664.U0O
Corn «.897.000 ¦ 033,000
Oats 7.083,000 l,770,0Ol>
Rye 990.0UO 41.000
Barley 2,399,000 215.000
Visible Grain Supply.
Open. High. - Low. Close.
December— 04 ijc bid. 94%c asked.
OATS — Local dealers cay that they do not
expect this jnarhet to secure the Government
contract for 5t>12 tons, mentioned In the last
rtp&rt. as the northern markets are likely to
get it. But they do expect to get the order
for 2376 tons of Hay. The market continues
quiet and steady.
White. |1 -JWn 40: Black. $1 2591 30; Red.
SI 27%01 35; Gray, $1 «2%@1 37% per «L
CORN — There is nothing new to report la
the situation. *
•Western sacked. $1 42%@1 45 for Yellow and
White and $1 37% for Mixed: California large
Yellow. $1 40©l 47%; small round do. $1 63©
1 60; White. ?1 45'gl 47% per ctl; Egyptian.
fl 40©l 50 for white and $1 27%$1 3U for
brown. »
RYE— $1 30©l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-41 75(82 per ctl.
Session 2 p. m.
. ¦ FTJTT>RES.'
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Clos*.
Dtcember .. 94% 5M% 94% 94 £
Feed. $1 07%@l 10; Snipping and Brew
tag, $1 12%ei 15; Chevalier. $1 ICtf 1 20 for
fair to choice. - . - '
Open. Ilisrh. Low. Close.
December ..$1 27 $1 27 $1 2<>% $1 26%
BARLEY — The week opened with a higher
cash market, sales of Feed at $1 10 belne re
ported. There was no change in futures.
CASH BARLEY.
Session 2 i>.
White Australian. "$1 E2%(81 57%; Northern
Club. $1 25&1 SO; Northern Bluestetn, fl 50
61 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. » High. Low. ', Close.
May $127% $127% $1274 U 27%
Dtcember .. 1 26% 1 27% 1 26% 1 27 V*
Iron closed at 52s in Glasgow and at 44s 6d
in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was unchanged.
No. 1 foundry northern. $15 2r<xl5 75; No. 2
foundry northern, $14 7&@15 25; No. 1 foundry
southern and No. 1 foundry, southern, soft,
?143>14 50.
but remained unchanged here at 4. 6054. 65c.
Spelter was dull and unchanged at £22 7s 6d
In London and at 5.20@5.25c locally.
fancy, $1 63£2. with on« small lot bringing
$2 25: ordinary fancy. SK>ctJf 1 70;* choice.
$1 lu®2 03: standard. 90c4?$l 35. A carload
of Seedlings was marketed and cleaned up
well at $1 15 and *1 25 per box. Mexican
Llraes were In rood demand owing: to the hot
weather, and as stocks were clcsely cleaned
up - prices ranged higher. The other fruits
were unchanged.
STRAWBERRIES — $3®» per chest for Long*
worths and *3 60<85 for the larger varieties.
CHERRIES — »1<§1 6«> per drawer. .
APRICOTS— $1 5OQ2 50 per crate.
APPLE?— tiQ'l N> per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, It 50©
2 23 for fancy. $1 254^1 75 for choice and 90c©
$1 25 for standard: Tangerine*, nominal: Lem
ons $2 5062 75 for fancy. $1 5Ogl 75 for
choice and $lijl 25 for standard; Grape Fruit.
*1 23«2; Mexican Limes, S."'«5 50 per case;
Bananas $2^3 per bunch for Central Amer
ican and ?lfi2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $283
per dozen.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1901
MONDAT. May »— 2 p. xn.
UNITED STATES BONDS
Bld.Ask.t " Bid.Ask.
4a v coup.. 107% — |*s qx ep new.l32«»133JS
STOCK AXDBOXD EXCHANGE.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
auctions
»W Hoistein-Friesians .
BULLS. FRESH COW3. CALVES.
Froai the celebrated priie-winniag LA
SIESTA HERD, the Gold Medal Champions.
MONDAY EVENING. May 16, 1904. at S p. m.
By Electric Lizht.
„ .-_- T. .H. BURKE, Proprietor,
30 Uontxcmery sc. San Franciscan
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. Auctioneers,
1702 MARKET ST..
San Francisco. Cal.
Send for ci talorues.
Cattle at yard* May • 11.
2TOTXCS. L .
By virtue of an oni:r iasued out of the Su-
perior Court of the City ar.4 County ot San
Francisco. State of California, on .h« 7th day
of May, K«m. notice Is hereby g'.v>n that w«
will sell at public aucttoa to th« highest bid-
der for cash, subject to conflrmatlon by th»
court, payable lo per cent cf the purchase
price on tha fall of the hammer, and th«
balanc« upon confirmation of said «a!e by tb«
court, en Wednesday, the ISth day of May.
1904. at 2 o'clock b. n>.. In front cf the Mer-
chants' Exchange, sttua:e at the corner of
Sar.s^me and Sacramento streets la the City
and County of 6m Trancisco. State of Cali-
fornia, the steamers Napa City and 3t.
Helena, their •nxtn's. bctlers. machinery,
boats, tackle, apparel, appurtenances and fur-
niture with the warehouse belonging to H. G-
BelL J. M. Graham. A. Hatt Jr. and. Gustavs
H. Munk. situate In Nasa City. California.
The said steamers ar» stern wh«??l st-amer*
and of 178.67 and iH'.S tnna register respect-
ively. EDWARD S. SPEAR * CO.. Auc-
tioneers 1 .
fe £** £s>
MX AUCTION
On THURSDAY. May 12. at 11 o'clock.
At J. B. HO BAN'S .SALESYARDS. -
• Corner TENTH anJ BRYANT STS..
I will sell 63 head of broken anJ unbroki n
horses; they welsh from lOuO to 1^00 pouna-:
frcm 4 to S year* old; eootl. solid chunks: *'.l
in good condition and must be «cM. S. WAT-
KINS auctioneer; office 122 Grove St.; phunt
South 20.
jr* By order of J. O'BRIEN of MARYS-
>-•?* VILLE I will sell at auction one ear .,«
ALL-PURPOSE HORSES, with a lot of 4 u*I
WAGONS. BUGGIES. SURRETS. CARTS ml
HARNESS, at 114O FOLSOM ST.. TUESDAY.
May 10. at 11 a. m. WM. CLOUGH. Auc-
tioneer.
£* £z*
AUCTION SALE at ARCATJE HORSE 3JAK-
KET. S27 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. May
11. at 11 a. m: I will sell i" good hor«*s.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.John Boyle, farmer, Red Bluff, filed
a petition in insolvency yesterday' in
the United States District Court. He
owes $395 and. has no assets.
Insolvent ; Farjner.
Ten jurors were secured in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday to try the
case of Ngun Luh, charged with the
murder of Tom Yick in Ross alley on
May 8, 1903. Quan Quock - Wah.
president of the Hip Ting Tong, has
already been tried for the same mur
der and convicted and nine more presi.
dents of tongs have yet to be tried.
Chinese Accused of Murder.
It is estimated that more Californians
are going to the St. Louis World's Fair
this summer than have ever.left the State
on any single occasion before. Hundreds
are inquiring what rates and accommoda
tions may be had. The Santa Fe- has
special clerks to answer inquiries, as
soon as received. The Santa Fe is the
short, quick way. and has made the re
duced rate good on the finest trains.'
If interested, write at once for infor
mation to 641 Market street, San" Fran
cisco. S£&£3ii31M9«!!§23&i . * \
Thousands Go East. *
Baptists . gathered in large number
last -night at the First Baptist Church
to. welcome the Rev. B. L. ' Whittman
of {he Fifth Baptist Church, Philadel
phia.
The reverend gentleman has . come
to San. Francisco • on a visit and the
congregation of" the First Baptist
Church is in hopes. that he will accept
a call as successorto Dr." E. A. Woods.
The greeting . given - the Rev. Mr.
Whittman was cordial in the . extreme.
B. C. Wright presided and among > the
speakers that: extended .the welcome
with wishes that the visitor might see
his way clear to cast'his lot- with his
brothers by the Golden Gate were Dr.
H.Vv.'Vosberg,' Rev. L. B.' Russell and
H. E. Wilkinson.
• Dr. J. G. Gibson .rendered a vocal
solo, "Chimes of Trinity," and " the
Bethany Church Quartet,,; consisting
of Mrs. Mabelle Craig-Elrick (sopra
no). Miss Edna M. . Craig (alto), Al
bert Gunnison (tenor), and C. Li Bige
low (bass),"'cbntributed some charm
ing .vocal selections. -
The accompanists ' of the evening
were Mrs. A. M. Ladd and Miss Pearl
Weisbrod. »
At the request of Attorney George
A. Knight sentence of life imprison
ment upon Mrs. Cordelia Botkin for
the rhurder of Mrs. Elizabeth Dunning
was postponed by Judge Cook yester
day for two weeks. District Attorney
Bylngton consented on the definite un
derstanding that the motion for a new
trial would be made at that time and
disposed of. The defendant was in
court. y';-'^ t
Mrs. Botkin Granted Delay.
. WELCOME vEASTERN PASTOR.
WIDOW WINS FIRST POINT. — Jud*»
Kerrlpan yesterday sustained the d-murrer of
Mrs. Frances Koonan, widow of Jeremiah
Noonan. founder of the | Noonan Furniture
Company, to -the petition of D. E. Perry for
leave to prove the will of her husband, which
document- Perry claims has been lost. Perry
must amend his petition to secure a further
hearing.
Arthur Baker, an ex-convict, was
tried before i. jury in Judge Dunne's
court yesterday on a charge of bur
glary and convicted. He will be sen
tenced on Saturday. He entered the
residence of Mrs. Mary Campbell. 405
Lcavenworth street, on the night of
February S.
Convicted of Burglary.
Relic Is of Modern Origin and Is Not
Subject to Government
Seizure.
August Chamot of 711 Pine street,
the American citizen who was made a
mandarin of China in 1902 at the so
licitation of LI Hung Chang, is the
owner of the famous gold seal offered
to the Selby Smelting and Lead Com
pany for refining/and which was said
to have been one^ of the most ancient
of royal Chinese seals extant.
The seal itself is a work of art from
the Chinese standpoint and carries* on
its face the certification that Li Ching
Wong, a prince of the roya^ family,
had authorized its impression upon any
document to which it might be af
fixed. Prince Li Ching Wong is stilt
in the land of the living and" was one
of the members of the royal family
that took tsides against the reigning
dynasty at the time of the Boxer out
break. Had that movement succeeded
the seal would have been official and
worth more than its bullion weight of
$5000, but as the Ideals of the Prin«'.e
and his party were not reached, the
seal, which had been intended for fu
ture use, had no value except the com
mercial significance of its purity of
gold.
It was placed on the market after
the downfall of the Boxers and sold
to- a French priest, who later sold it
to August Chamot, who brought it to
San Francisco. Though much more
valuable, from a commercial view
point, than any of the jade seals
seized by the Government after the
Peking bout, it is not subject to seiz
ure, as it was simply private property
sold for its weight in gold.
It now occupies a place among the
curios owned by August Chamot.
It was learned that no advantage
would be taken by defendant's counsel
of the clerk's errors.
Adkins made a personal plea for
clemency, which was followed by a
strong plea by Attornel Eddy in his
behalf, who referred to the brutal
character, of the murdered pugilist
and the excellent character of the de
fendant while a soldier in the Philip
pines. The Judge, who had been ex
amining the information, said he had
some doubt about what term to im
pose upon the defendant and would
continue the matter till this morn
ing.
William H. Adkins, colored, ap
peared before Judge Cook yesterday
for, sentence on the charge of man
slaughter for shooting and killing
Muldoon McDonald, a colored pugilist,
on December 25, but through the
carelessness of George Wells, clerk of
the court, In not. filling in the "true
name" of the defendant on the in
formation and omitting to record the
last continuance on the information,
the Judge postponed sentence till to
day.
Errors Committed by Judge Cook's
Clerk Discovered In Time to
Prevent Complications.
AUGUST CHAMOT OWNS GOLD
SEAL OF CHINESE PRINCE
SENTENCE ON ADKtVS FOR
f MANSLAUGHTER DEFERRED
• A nattily dressed young man with
Jewel3 on his fingers and giving the
name of S. P. Witzel. called at the
Richelieu Hotel, Van Xess avenue and
Geary street, yesterday morning, rep
resenting himself as a private detec
tive. He produced a badge and said
he had reason to believe that some
one he was searching for was in the
hotel. He was told to leave and did
«o reluctantly.
About half a.n hour later A. Abram-
Bon. proprietor of the hotel, had oc
casion to go to his room and was sur
prised to see the alleged private de
tective searching through the drawers
of the bureau. Abramson detained
him and telephoned to police head
quarters. Detective Armstrong hur
ried to the hotel and placed Witzel un
der arrest. A careful search was made
through his clothing and throughout
the hotel for the badge Witzel had
ehown, but it could not be found.
Witzel positively refused to talk and
insised upon the prison officials send
ing for an attorney.
S. P. \ntxel. Representing Himself as
a Private Detective, Is Arrested
Pending an Inquiry.
FOUND IN PROPRIETOR'S
ROOM AT THE RICHELIEU
The delay of the Board of Works to
furnish certain information and re
ports was /again made the subject of
criticism before - the Board of Super
visors yesterday. The clerk reported
that no reply had been received from
the boardViamed in regard to a reso
lution sent to It more than a year ago
asking for a plan to make Islals Creek
navigable and to better the harbor
facilities. Supervisor Braunhart said
the matter was important, as many
civic and public "- organizations had
Joined in a proposed movement looking
to the improvement of the creek.
Another' resolution upon which Jhe
Board of Works . has taken no jiction
was that requesting it to report on the
recommendation of the Merchants' As
sociation that the city do its own
street cleaning. Another resolution was
ordered sent to the board again re
questing it to report not later than
next Monday on the matter of street
cleaning so as to guide the Supervisors
In fixing the necessary amount to be
set aside for the purpose. Bids have
b^en invited for the work, but it is
optional with the ' Board of Works
whether a contract shall be awarded
or the work be done by the laborers
employed by the city.
Another resolution not replied to waa
that requesting data on the safety of
theaters, halls and hospitals. As a
report thereon was filed with the Mayor
the board requested .his Honor to fur
nish it with a copy.
The Board of Public Works, through
the City Architect, was requested to
advise as to the proper and safe seat
ing capacity of Woodwards' Pavilion,
Mechanics' Pavilion and the Mechanics'
Pavilion Annex, and also as to the dan
gers arising in these buildings in case
of fire or panic.
Pursuant to the report of Acting
Chief Dougherty, the Fire Commission
yesterday entered a protest with the
Board of Supervisors against the final
passage of the resolution authorizing
the Santa Fe Railway System to close
Eighteenth street from Minnesota to
Iowa street for one year. Dougherty
says that as the work of raisings the
grade of Marittosa street is now in
progress the closing of Eighteenth
street would render it impossible for
engine 16 to reach Southern Heights,
which would thereby be deprived of
its chief protection in case of fire.
Dougherty suggests that the company
agrees to provide a temporary road
for engine 16 along Tennessee street
to Twenty-second, thence to Pennsyl
vania avenue to the corner of Twen
tieth and Texas streets. In that event
the protest will be withdrawn. It was
referred to the Street Committee.
The Yosemite Club was granted a
permit for a professional boxing ex
hibition during June and the Lincoln,
Hayes Valley and Hawthorne clubs
were granted amateur permits for May
12, 17 and 25, respectively.
The amended ordinance fixing the
widths of the sidewalks on Andover
avenue, Ellert, Newman and East Park
streets, Richland and Crescent avenues
was passed to print.
The roadway of Scott street, between
McAllister street and Golden Gate ave
nue, was fully accepted.
The board drew a demand in favor
of the SIme estate for $10,250 for lands
purchased by the city in the condemna
tion proceedings for the acquirement of
St. Mary's Square.
The contract for publishing the law
and motion calendar and the journal
of proceedings of the Board of Super
visors was awarded to the Recorder
Company for $275 a month.
George Ryan was granted a permit
to blast for grading purposes on Army
street near York and his bond was
fixed at $25,000.
The San Francisco Construction
Company was granted a permit to ex
plode blasts in order to break the
bowlders in the sewer trench in Duboce
avenue, between Church and Market
streets, its bond being fixed at $3000.
Maurice Reardon was before the
Finance Committee to explain why he
charged 90 cents each for putting steel
ends on picks belonging to the city,
whereas the price charged for the
picks in open market was only 65 cents
each. Evidence was. adduced that the
former price for the work was $1 a
pick and that they could be purchased
cheaper because they were manufac
tured in large lots. The committee de
cided to hear further evidence next
Wednesday morning before passing
Reardon's demand for $192 50.
George W. Rumble, a mining specu
lator, was placed on trial before a Jury
yesterday in the United States District
Court on a charge of having made use
of the United States postoffice for the
purpose of defrauding his correspond
ents by means of worthless mining
schemes and by false representations.
The testimony of one of the alleged
victims, John Bull Jr. of Elmira, New
York, was taken and the court ad
journed until 11 a. m. to-day.
The Indictment accuses Rumble of
having corresponded through the post
office with Frank Terry. Dlx TV. Smith
and John Bull Jr.. representing to them
that he was the owner, secretary and
general manager of the Sunset Mining
Company, capitalized at $10,000,000. the
Etock being divided Into shares at $1
each. There wpre alleged to be twelve
g-old mines under his control, namely,
the Old Glory, the Amo Mine, the Amo
Hydraulic Mine and others In Butte,
Shasta and Siskiyou counties, and that
the Sunset .Mining Companyis stock
was paying dividends at the rate of
2 per cent a month and had been pay-
Ing at that rate for the last nine years.
Rumble represented also that some of
the ore assayed from $500 to $800 a ton,
that from the Old Glory in one year
had been taken $72,S12 and that a sur
plus of $25,531 had been found after
paying the 2 per cent dividends and
ell expenses.
The trial is being closely watched by
James O'Connell, Postorflce Inspector,
¦who has spent several months In secur
ing evidence against the defendant.
Former State Attorney General W. H.
H. Hart is leading counsel for the de
fense. The Government is represented
by United States District Attorney
Marshall B. Woodworth and Assistant
United States District Attorney Ben
L. McKinley.
The Richmond association also peti
tioned that the control of the city cem
etery be placed In the hands of the
Park Commission in order that; as has
been suggested by Commissioner
Frank Sullivan, proper respect may be
shown the dead by saving the place
from the disgraceful rum into which
it is falling. The association also asks
the board to investigate the proposed
work in the district in order that as
sessment districts may be created to
pay for street work where the street is
of unusual width.
The present dusty cars, stuffy. 111 yentllated
and unwashed, especially the electria cars.
and. except a few new ones, without paint or
varnish operated on all the lines except Cali
fornia street, are a disgrace and a shame to
our city. No protests of citizens can cor
rect these evils as long as our municipal
transportation is In private hands.
The receipts of the company have Increased
from $5,125,882 in 1901 to I6.243.21S during
1003. an increase of $1,117,336 in two years.
and they are still Increasing at the same
ratio. The people of San Francisco are pay-
Ing to this company alone about $18 per capita
per annum, the highest street railway re
ceipts of any city and more than double the
per capita receipts of 05 per cent of tho
cities of the United States. We are yet pay
ing five cents for a ride, although thirty years
ago our Keamy street horse cars sold six
tickets for twenty-five cents and the* cost of
operation per car mile of an electrlo car is
nearly half that of a horse car.
* CARS ARE DUSTY.
- The company operating our lines 'openly
violates the provision of many of its fran
chises that requires that, all the material
used In the operation of its lines shall b«
of local manufacture. The cars, wheels, cross
ings, switches, even the boilers for power are
made in the East, and our local manufacturers
are deprived of this work that was formerly
done here, and hundredsc of men thrown out
of employment.'
The franchises require that the portion of
the street between 'the tracks and two feet
outside shall be kept in repair by the company.
It, is ; not properly taken care of and the
roadway almost throughout the city Is In a
disgraceful and in many places a dangerous
condition.
The Richmond Improvement Associa
tion again petitioned'the board to ap
propriate a sufficient sum In the forth
coming budget for the construction of
a municipal electric railway upon the
route of the present Geary street line
where the franchise has expired and
that portion of the Union street line
•where -the franchise will expire next
December. The petition says:
VIOLATES FRANCHISES.
Members of the Civic/ League peti
tioned the Board of Supervisors yes
terday to appropriate the sum of $5000
for use by the Board of Education In
the gradual Introduction of. the kinder
garten in the public school system of
San Francisco. The petition states that
more than 250 cities in the United
States and many cities in California
have adopted the klrldergarten'in the
public schools, which is recognized as
the most potent factor in the education
and development of the race. The pe
tition was referred to the Finance Com
mittee when it considers the budget.
The speaker detailed his experience
in the work, , which had extended be
tween five and six years. He told that
he had spoken on fifty-two Sabbaths
during the last year and had assisted
in raising $1,000,000 during the year.
The Rev. Mr. Powell estimated that
the work among the Methodist Episco
pal churches realized $1,000,000 annual
ly. He. told of his work toward paying
off debts and building new churches
all over the United States..
On Monday, May 30, a union meeting
of the evangelical churches will be held
In the auditorium of the T. M. C. . A.
under the direction of the Christian
church.
The Rev." E. "W. Darst announced
that the new church, which is " being
erected at Bancroft way and Dana
street, Berkeley, is proceeding: most
satisfactorily, and a- communication
from the Rev. P. Brett Morgan gave
the information that the -construction
of a new church of the Christian de
nomination will begin at once at Twen
ty-fourth street, Noe Valley.
Rev. W. F. Stafford was elected
secretary of the association.
"Debt Raising" was the subject of "a
discourse by the Rev. J. "W. Powell of
Buffalo, N. T., before the Methodist
Ministers' Association yesterday morn
ing.
NEW CHURCH BUILDINGS.
The Rev. James Woodworth, Rev. F.
L. Nash. Rev. Mr. Sitton and Rev. F.
A. Doane Joined in the interesting dis
cussion. . '
A paper on the "Early Missions of
California" was read before the mem
bers of the Congregational Ministers'
Association yesterday morning by. the
Rev. S. C. Patterson of Petaluma.
The Rev. Mr. Hollars resigned as :
secretary of the association and waa
succeeded by the Rev. Huber Burr. ,
Building new houses of worship and
the coming inaugural ceremony in con
nection with the new West Side Chris
tian Church, Bush street near Devisa
dero, Sunday, May 29, came before the
Christian Church Ministers' Associa
tion yesterday afternoon- at their meet
ing in the Y. M. C. A. auditorium.
Miss Smith claims that Leopold had
learned hypnotism ' from Althotus, the
last of the Greeks that taught it, and
asserts that she is in communication
with Leopold.-
Dr. Tun disowned belief in spiritual-
Ism.
Miss Smith, said Dr. Tull, claims in
timate communication with Leopold,. a
citizen ~~of Mars, who. she holds, was
none other than Cagllostro, who taught
hypnotism to the eminent Dr. Mesmer
of Paris. Dr. Mesmer later gave to the
world his method of mesmerism. ,'
3IISS SMITH'S CLAIMS.
Dr. W. J. Tull gave some instances
which; would strengthen - the foundar
tion upon .which. the Rev. Mr. McKl
hinney raised his theory. In doing so
Dr. Tull mentioned a Miss Helene
Smith, a clerk in a store in Geneva,
Switzerland, a girl with no affiliation
with psychic research or Investigators,
that had amazed those that had learn
ed of her powers.
Andrew Lang gives an instance of a young
man who sees a phantasm of his dead sister
with a long scratch upon her face. His
mother tells him that she had accidentally
scratched the cheek of the corpse as sho
arranged the flowers in the coffin and that
she concealed It by the aid of powder.
• Was this the communication of a spirit or
was it a communication from the mother
through thought-transference? If we may
accept Andrew Lang as a conservative reviewer
of more than twenty years' labor, we shall
reach this conclusion that there is something
In the constitution ot man which science has
not yet explained.
From investigation by the best minds in
England and America comes the conclusion
that there is a subconscious mind in every
individual and that some persons have ac
cess to the subconscious mind in thamselves
and In others. ' # '
Pome there are who show that' they hav
access - to the subconscious mind in a trance
state, others in a hypnotic state, others in a
somnambulistic state, others in a dying state;
others In times of great danger from drown
ing or from fire; others in a dream state,
where they get communications from relatives,
who, though thousands of miles away, reveal
their nearness to deatb.
It is pretty well established thatthera is
a subconscious or subllmnal mind. Sir "Wil
liam Hamilton In his lectures . on metaphysics
called this the latent .memory or mind and
substantiated his claim to Its existence by
the case of a woman In the delirium of | fever
uttering Hebrew phrases which she in normal
condition knew nothing about. It was ascer
tained that some twenty years previous, 'when
the woman was a child, she had been. In
the company of a clergyman who was in the
habit of committing >and repeating aloud pas
sages of the Hebrew Scriptures.
The people are seeing visions and ¦ getting
communications and men of more pretentious
learning have been compelled to give heed to
these thtnzs.
"Psychical Research" was the title of
an address by the Rev. J. M. McElhln
ney before the members of the Presby
terian Ministers' Association at Pres
byterian House, yesterday morning.
The' Rev. Dr. J. S. Thomas. presided."
The speaker said in part:
In that emergency the crew was wholly
lnrfflcient and Incompetent, as the sad results
proved. The boats were In separate places on
the ship: the sailors could not understand the
language in which the orders of the officers In
command of the respective boats had to b»
given; it waa too dark for them to see signs
(if sign* could have bten intelligently given)
and only one of the two Chinese who spoke
Engllfh appears to have known anything about
the lowering of boats, and there had been
no drill of the crew In the manner of lowering
tfceni. Under such circumstances It Is • not
surprising that but three of the boat* were
lowered, one of which waa successfully
launched by the efforts of Officer Coghlan and
the ship's carpenter, another of which was
swamped by one of the Chinese crew letting
the after fall down with a run and the third
of which was lowered so slowly that It was
ewamped as the ship went down. We. have
no hesitation In holding that the ship was
Insufficiently manned, for the reason that the
tailors - were unable to understand and exe
cute the orders made Imperative by the ex
lcency that unhappily arose and resulted bo
disastrously td life as well as to property.
It results from what has been said that the
court ' below aleo erred In denying Ap
pellant Clara Berwick's claim, mad* on her
own behalf and that of her minor children,
for damages tor the death of her husband,
on the ground that he was a fellow servant of
th* master and pilot ef the shin.
The action of the court in respect to the
claim of Ruth Miller, executrix of the estate
of Barah Wakefle!d, deceased, was, in our
opinion, correct.
The Judgment is reversed and the cause re
manded with directions to the court below
to enter" Judgment against the petitioner deny
ing Its application for a limitation of liability
and in favor of the respective claimants for
the full amount of damage* It has heretofore
awarded them, with interest and costs, and
In favor of the claimant, Clara Barwick, tot
such amount of damages as the court shall
find from the evidence already taken or thai
may be taken she 'is entitled to by reason of
the death of her husband. ' and by reason of
the loss of his personal effects, and against
the claim of Ruth Miller as executrix of the
estate of Sarah Wakeflcld. deceased.
After quoting several other author
ities on this point the decision goes
on to say:
The case shown that the City of Rio de
Janeiro left the port of Honolulu on the
voyage und»r consideration with a crew of
eighty-four Chinamen, officered by white men.
The officers could not speak the language of
the Chinese and but two of the latter — the
boatswain and chief fireman — could under
stand that of the officers. Cons«Hiuently the
orders of the officers had to be communicated
either through the boatswain or chief fireman,
or by rlg-ns and signals. So far as appearb
that seemed to have worked well enough on
the voyage In question until the ship came to
grief and there arose the necessity for quick
and energetic action in the darkness.
DRILL NEGLECTED.
The decision quotes an opinion by
Judge Hawley in re Meyer, 74 Fed.
Rep., S85, in which the law is laid
down that it is the duty of the own
ers of a steamer carrying goods and
passengers to provide the vessel with
officers and crew adequate in num
ber and competent for their duty with
reference to all the exigencies of the
intended route; not merely competent
for ordinary duties of an uneventful
voyage, but for any exigency that is
likely to happen, such as in the case of
the Rio.
• ' • • But how about Chinese sailors or
Bailors- of any other class or. race, who cannot
understand the orders that become necessary
In the course of their duties because of a lack
of knowledge of the language in which they
have to- be given? That's the question we
hav e to consider and determine here.
The evidence 1b that under euch condition*
five minutes w«« ample time for the lowerlne
of the boats. It further *0u>ws that there was
no Hpanic among the passengers or crew, that
the passengers behaved well, and that the cap
tain immediately upon the ship's striking the
rocks sounded the alarm and called the crew
to the boats. Each of the boats was com
manded by a white officer and manned by a
part of the Chinese crew. Yet but three of the
elevrti boats were lowered Into the water, one
of which, the aft-quarter boat No. 10, was
lowered by Officer Coghlan -and the ship's car
penter, and but three of the hundred and odd
passengers that the ship carried were taken
into any boat. There must, in the very nature
of things, have been 6ome paramount, control
ling cauee for all this. And that cause, we
think. Is very easily to beeeen. It was not
nitrely for the reason that the men depended
upon to man the boats were Chinese. To the
contrary the evidence is that the Chinese make
excellent sailors.
MUST UNDERSTAND ENGLISH.
The Rio, while attempting, on Febru
ary 22, 1901. to enter the harbor of San
Francisco in a dense fogr at half past
5 o"clock in the morning, struck upon a
sunken rock or reef outside the 1 Golden
Gate and sank within twenty minutes,
drowning about 200 persons, mostly
Chinese.
The following extracts ; are from
Judge Ross' decision:
AMPLE TIME FOR BOATS.
The decision of the court of appeals
is based upon the proposition that all
of the CWnese crew of the Rio could
not speak or understand English and
that the crew, therefore, was Inade
quate for the exigency that arose.
Hence the company was held respon
sible for the loss of life that followed
upon the incapacity of the crew to
launch the life boats properly.
In the District Court the successful
claimants recovered damages to the
amount of $35,125, which was to be paid
pro rata with $24,977 93. the sum to
which the court had limited the liabil
ity.
By a decision of the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals handed down
yesterday by United States Circuit
Judge Erskine M. Roes- and concurred
In by his associates, Morrow, Gilbert
and Hawley, the responsibility for the
loss of life In the wreck of the steam
ship.Clty of Rio de Janeiro was placed
upon the shoulders of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company. The .decision of
United States District Judge John J.
de Haven that the liability of the com
pany should be limited to $24,977 93 was
reversed. His decision also that Clara
Barwick was not entitled to any dam
ages for the death of her Husband, the
ship's butcher, on the ground that he
was a fellow servant, was also reversed
and the lower court was instructed to
give her whatever damages the testi
mony already taken or to be taken
might show her to be entitled to.
Judge de Haven's action in denying
the claim of Ruth Miller, as executrix
of the estate of Sarah Wakefield, was
sustained.
CREW NOT COMPETENT.
Several Places of Worship to
Form Important Additions
to Evangelical Churches
Crews Must Understand the
English Language and Be
Equal to All Exigencies
Finance Committee Inquires
Into Charges for Putting
Steel Ends on City Picks
Twenty Per Cent Per Annum
Offered to His Purported
Victims for Their Money
Would '-Know Safe Seating
Capacity; of Woodward's
-and Mechanics' Pavilions
Richmond Association Urges
the Purchase of Geary
and Union Stueet Lines
NEW EDIFICES BUILDING
DIVIDENDS ON PAPER
ASK- FOR INFORMATION
CLAIMS ORDERED PAID
WANT MUNICIPAL ROAD
INVESTIGATES DEMAND
Rev. J.M.McElhinney Enters
Into a Psychical Research
and '¦¦'' Quotes Authorities
Supervisors Take Exception
to Its Failure to Comply
With Terms of Resolutions
Circuit Court of Appeals
Reverses Judge de Haven's
Ruling as to Liability
Being Tried for Working
an Alleged Mning Fraud
Upon Eastern Investors
Mre Commission Protests
Against Stopping Traffic
Upon Eighteenth Street
Members Petition Supervi
sors to Introduce System
in* the Public Schools
SUBCONSCIOUS
MIND DISCUSSED
GEORGE RUMBLE
BEFORE A JURY
WORKS BOARD
STILL DELAYS
RIO'S OWNERS
RESPONSIBLE
MAY NOT CLOSE
THOROUGH FARE
LEAGUE FAVORS
KINDERGARTEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, : 1904.
Of all the good . things * 'Frisco can
boast, the best is Hills Bros.' Arabian
Boast. «v . . - ¦ :¦- * ¦ .
-Weak Eyes cured by Murlne Eye Rem
edy. Cures* pink ' eye 'and : all ~ Inflamed
conditions. , . • '
16
The amount of energy
irr a food doesn't count
so much as the amount
you can get out with the .
least effort;
"FORCE" is easily-
digested, and it is likable
beyond' description.
MARKS BROS.
ADVXRTISEMENTS.
ADVEETISEMENT&.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
K Miss Rose Peterson, Secre- »
tary Parkdale Tennis Qub, Chi-
cago, from experience advises all
young girls who have pains and
sickness peculiar to their sex, to
use Lydia E Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound.
Ttlop into worn, listless and Hopeless
women, simply because sufficient atten-
tion has not been paid to their physical
«^5Telopment. No woman is exempt
from physical weakness and periodic
pain, and young girls just budding into
womanhood should be carefully guided
physically as well as morally. Another
woman.
Miss Hannah- E. Mershon, Col-
¦-;;:. lingsvrood, N.J., says :
"I thought I would write and tell
j-ou that, by following your kind ad-
rice, I feel like a new person. I was
always thin and delicate, and so weak
that I could hardly do anything. Men-
struation was irregular.
" I tried a bottle of your Vegetable
Compound and began to feel better
right away. I continued its use, and.
an now well and strong, and men-
struate regularly. I cannot say enough
for what your medicine did for me."
.^fSOOO forfeit If original of abevt Ittttr prootn§
genuineness cannot be produced.
E. Pinkhartfs Vegetable
Compound will core any woman
in the land who suffers from
womb troubles* Inflammation ot
the oraries, and kidney troubles.
DOUBLE VALUE
TO-tlAY'
JL \*r . JL.J ¦/¦ A J<* i 9
I BE AMONG THE WISE, TO WHOM II
I A WORD IS SUfFICIEIMT. ||
Always
Sold for.75c-TO DAY. OfcSfC/
r»REPS"as PICTURED, made of IM-
PORTED SCOTCH GINGHAM. YOKE
and DRETELLES trimmed In white
BRAID. An extra FULL SKIRT with
DEEP HEM. SIZES 5 to H TEARS.
Sold for 51.25 -TO DAY. O^lr
You can do your FRIENDS -a FAVOR
by telllnj? them about this SNAP. Empire
Sailor COLLAR Muslin GOWN as pic-
tured, handsomely TRIMMED with EM-
BROIDERY and INSERTION. Cut extra
FULL and WIDE. -
Always gn*i
Sold for 75c -TO-DAY .'.«Z2l9fsT
*¦ Take. a friendly, bit of advice and see
this • serviceable Waist as pictured. Made
with a lone dip, full' TUCKED FRONT,
in Black and White Striped Designs. ALL
SIZES.
MARKS BROS.
'The Home of Honest Values./.
1220-1222-1224 Market Sir
Moelf That Every Woman
Desires to Know
About Sanative Antisep-
tic Cleansing
And about the Care of the Skin,
Scalp, Hair and Hands
Too mach strew cannot be placed on
the great valne of Cuticura Soap, Oint-
ment and Resolvent In the antiseptic
cleansing of the mucous surfaces, and
of the blood and circulating fluids, thus
affording pure, sweet and economical
local and constitutional treatment for
weakening; ulcerations, Inflammations,
itchlngs, irritations, relaxations, dis-
placements, pains and irregularities pe-
culiar to females. Hence the Cutlcura
remedies have a wonderful influence la
restoring health, strength and beauty
to weary women,, who have been pre-
maturely aged and Invalided by these
distressing ailments, as well as tach
sympathetic afflictions as anemia, chlo-
rosis, hysteria and nervoosnes*.
Women" from the Tery first hare fully
appreciated the purity and sweetness,
tho power to aflbrd. immediate relief,
the Certainty of speedy and permanent
cure, the absolute safety and great
economy which have mads the Cuticura
remedies the standard humour remedies .
of the ciTillxed world.
Millions of women use Cutlcura Sea?,
assisted by Cnticura Ointment, for pre-
serving, purifying and beautifying the
skin, for cleansing the scalp of crasts,
scales and dandruff, and the stopping of
falling hair, for softening, whitening
and soothing red, rough and sore hands,
for annoying irritations and ulcerativa
weaknesses, and for many sanatire, an-
tiseptic purposes which readily suggest
themselves, as well as for all the pur-
poses of the toilet, bath and nursery.
fold thrmsbont the raid. Crttir* R— otrmt. ma. Qm
fora ot ChoeotaM CmM nil*. Be. dot n>l *t tax Oi» v
n«at,5nB- Cmo. Mo- D«p<«f • LiaodOB. XT Chaftartioma
S-|. i Paric. « k a« d« 1* Vttx ( Bo«tn. VB CeUmba*
Ar*. T-iart Drag » Ch»m. Cor?-. Sol* T'tfi totwm.
or BevA fm " A BookHr Wiaa."
Everywhere I
East I
Burlington Overland Extrar- R
sions leave San Francisco on v
certain day3 every week for |
St. Louis and the World's Fair; |
also for all the principal eastern a
cities reached via St. Louis and 1
Chicago. 3-^V [|
The excursions travel in Pull- I]
man tourist sleeping cars, thro' pi
Salt .Lake City and Denver, pass- h
ing the grand scenery of the |
Rocky Mountains by daylight |j
The cost of a double berth, com- H
f ortable for two persons, is $6.50 m
to St. Louis and $7 to Chicago. I
An experienced special con- gj
ductor is in charge of each 1
excursion. *j
Let me tell you more about this good ffi
iray of going eaaL Postal card will brlnj? fj
details. H
W.D.SANBORN.Qan'l Agt Burlington Routs m
N7« 631 Market St, San Francisco. |rj
J$
i "
$200 Reward
For th# arrest antS conviction of any on*
; assaulting members or employes of th!s
association or <Je§troytn« property belon*-.
1 tnc to them.
(^itiz^^jance)
Rtport promptly to the Law Department.
Citizens' Alliance, 217 Crossley buudin*.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
CITIZENS' AJLJJANCB.
This Is No Secret—
In fact, the oftener you tell it. the better
we'll like it — that linen as we launder It
comes out of the wash clean; sw^et and
wearable with pleasure. Our whole time
and attention, however, are not devoted
to linens — we have a keen eye to *th<:
cleanstng of underwear, hosiery, men's
waistcoats, women's skirts and all tho
long list of things that will soil, but
snap, water and muscle will renovate.
Pleased to have your laundry orders.
Will call for them if you say so.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAVNDBY,
1004 MAKKET STEEET.
Telephone South 420.
16 Pages. SI per YcaP