The Sunday Call Magazine."Talking of the ladles," he said," "if I
'remember 1 rightly, I 1 met you" at ' the
house of the Princess Olga Palltzln on
the day before we left Petersburg. A
charming Woman that." ; .
Boris Raised his ; wine-flushed' face,
and glared across at ..him*,'* but detected
no trace- of insinuation on Volborth's
countenance he assented with more in
terest that he had lately shown".; ;
"She is all/that," he blurted. "Here's
to her.",' And he drained his glass, Vol
borth. followed suit/
"I do not' know," proceeded the latter,
lowering- 4 his '* " vblce \ confidentially,
"whether you are on such terms of In
timacy as .' to ';be • acquainted with her
handwriting. \ I j have a reasori-f a per
fectly Innocent -.reason, so far as I am
concerned— for", asking."', - ;
"Yes, I know - her writing. I Why?
osyllables, and gulped glass arter\ glass
of champagne.;
"He is burning to read the letter
Avhich Serjov— If Serjov it was— brought
to him,".. Volborth thought. "And, the
contents of that letter i must learn
before he does, if possible.".
It was no easy, task, to conjure a let
ter from the tightly buttoned 'tunic of
a man separated from him by three feet
of dinner-table, but these matters were
Volborth's specialty, and he did riot
despair. Fortune favored him, in one
respect— since, the .change of waiters
Boris had been drinking fast — and he
decided on a bold stroke. '
* What reason?" stammered Boris, ey
ing him with a: fierce curiosity now,'
and unconsciously raising his hand to
/.the breast, of his tunic, but dropping it
instantly.
"It Is rather a delicate subject, and
must be kept strictly between our
selves," resumed Volborth, producing
from' the pocket of his civilian frock
coat a- packet of letters, from which he
selected one that had reached' him at
Vienna — a report on some trifling mat
ter from a female - spy of the section.
"This is an anonymous communication
•of a very flattering nature received by
me yesterday. f The only person • to
whom I have shown it pronounces it to
be in the handwriting of the Princess
Olga." ; -
Boris essayed a scornful laugh, but
his face was working with: a Jealous
anger.-: . v
"Whoever told you* that told'you. a
lie," he snarled, glaring round the room
as though in search of the culprit. 1 ; *'O1
ga would not debase herself by sending
unsigned bill s-doux— certainly not to
; you," *• ¦''¦• '.' ; '•¦ '. '¦ : ;' '-.'',".:¦ '•'•¦ '
g ! "Oh. I did not mean flattering In that
• -'sense,". ; replied \ Volborth, with ; a smile
'of genuine* amusement" at .thetthought
;that that share i might' have served as
here"— and In his zeal to confound the
double lie he pulled an unopened letter
from, his tunic." "This is Olga's writing.
Compare the two,- and confess that your
informant lied."
So are traps laid for the unwary. It
was now 'Volborth's turn to reach over
for the letters, and they were at once
surrendered - for his . inspection. Plac
ing them beside his plate he affected to
compare them, arid he saw. that the
letter, received by Dubrowskl was fn Ol
ga's writing, with 'which he was really
perfectly familiar.' The envelope bore
no stamp or postmarks, the inference
being, that It had been inclosed under
cover tb the individual who had deliv
ered It. His own letter. had also been
an , iriclosure, so* that the two differed
only in the writing.
This discovery as it stood was valua
ble', but how to get a sight of the con
tents: was the problem. : In erder. to
gain time, while freely admitting that
.the, letters could not have' been written
by the same hand, Volborth went on to
descant upon' the salient points of dif
ference, and he * wa s making ,- Boris
laugh with ridicule of the fictitious ac
cuser, when he saw his chance. -
The Countess Vassili and lima, at
tended by , old Wororizoff ; and . General
de Boisdeffre, had risen /from the
table where they | had .dined J andjwere
about'to return to the "train. /On, their
* hearty laugh.
"That is no 'more Olga Palitzln's
writing than it Is mine,"- he said. "See
the section would be unlntelllgiDie to
Boris when he discovered the "mis
take."
-His grasp had already closed on his
own letter, and he was reaching for the
more important one, when a set of
taper fingers almost touched his own,
and lo! the precious missive was spir
ited away. Regaining his seat he was
just in time to see lima handing the
letter to Its rightful owner."
"You were about to give it to Boris,"
said the ma id-of -honor, regarding him
with a E-.veet smile. "In saving you the
.trouble I -have made amends for my
mother's accident, have I not?"
"You have more than done that,
mademoiselle," replied Volborth, both
'literally and figuratively showing his
teeth a little. "You have placed me un
der an obligation which I shall do my
best to repay."
Every one laughed at what was taken
for an exaggeration of- politeness in
tended to be amusing, j But Ilma's ex
pressive eyes showed that the real sig
nificance of the reply was not lost upon
her; and thus even In the moment "of
his defeat Volborth scored a minor vic
tory by. satisfying himself that his dis
comfiture was no. freak of chance. In
his love of keen fence he would have
liked to congratulate his fair young
antagonist had the issues been less tre
mendous.
The Countess and her party passed
on. and a minute later the clang of the
warning bell -told him that further de-
"Well," proceeded Volborth, "see the
effect upon this son of the South when
he hears his native tongue." And turn
ing to the new waiter, he gave him the
scroll, and instructed him in Italian to
take it out on to. the platform and hand
it to one of %he Russian officials, on
duty near the imperial saloon. He care
fully'abstained from mentioning Res
tofski by name, confident that any
agent who might receive it would j at
once pass it tojiis nominal chief.
Grinning with delight at the, sound of
his own language, the Italian sped on
his mission, and returned Immediately
with news of the note's safe delivery.
In the meanwhile, in order to prevent
Boris from speculating on the man's er
rand, Volborth had harked back to
what he knew was. a "sore subject"
with his companion, plunging into a
dissertation on the discomfort of being
accompanied by ladies. He soon- saw,
however, that this little stroke of chi
cane was "unnecessary. Boris«was too
intent on his own thoughts, and. judg
ing by the haste 'with which: he. was
eating and drinking, in too v great a
hurry to finish his dinner to revert- to
that grievance. He answered In' mon-
But above all these considerations the
urgent necessity. remained of at once
warning Restofski that there might be
a dangerous Nihilist In the vicinity of
the station, if not actually In the build-
Ing. The barest outline of what had oc
curred, if such could be conveyed to his
trusty lieutenant, would be sufficient to
ensure the adoption of the right mea
sures, and Volborth was not long at a
luss for means to communicate. Pen
ciling a few lines on" a leaf from his
pocket-book, he remarked casually to
Boris, as he folded the paper —
"You do not speak Italian, I think?"
The aide-de-camp, still silent and
abstracted, replied in the negative.
Volborth has placed it on record that
never in his career has he been so near
to giving way to uncontrolled anger as
at the moment when he had to sit there
and hear the signal given over the
wrong man. For, being now more than
ever anxious to conceal his connection
with the police from Boris, he could not
excite remark by again leaving the
room to institute Inquiry. Yet the wai
ter's sudden disappearance conflrmed
not only the suspicion mat he was
Serjov, but strengthened the suspicion
that his engagement had been planned
with a definite purpose. That he'had
only excused -himself from further at;
tendance when that purpose was
achieved, in the handing of a letter to
Boris, Volborth was fully convinced.
"It was all right, you see— the .Bern
hardt souvenir," said Volborth, resum
ing his seat.
"Ah, here is the salmi of quail. But
where is that rascal of a waiter? He
has run away again, and there is no
red pepper."
Boris muttered something about the
man having been there a moment ago,
and suggested that he had gone to fetch
the condiment. All the sparkle and
grayety had left the young officer. Vol
borth, though scenting blood like a ti
ger, was as cool as ever. It was not till
he knew that Restofski must have been
at the window fully a minute that he
simulated the natural indignation of a
gourmand whose dinner was spoiling
for want of a necessary adjunct.'
"Here," he cried, hailing a passing
waiter, "where is the fellow who is at
tending to us?"
The man expressed ignorance, but said
that he would summon the head stew
ard, who promptly arrived, swelling
with importance, to inform "their ex
cellencies" that the waiter , who had
been attending jupon them had been
taken ill and had obtained leave to go,
but that he would immediately detail
another man to their table. The stew
ard was true to his word. A fresh wai
ter came bustling up, his appearance
being hailed by three gentle taps on the
window cane.
Volborth hastened back to the dining
room, not forgetting to take from his
pocket the gold cigarette case— a pur
chase of his own— which had done duty
as an excuse. On re-entering. he saw
that Boris, with his eyes on the door,
but Immediately averted on seeing him,
was tucking something into the breast
of his undress tunic— something thin
and white, suspiciously like a letter.
The aide-de-camp's manner had under
gone a change. He seemed ill at ease,
and hardly smiled when the cigarette
case was triumphantly waved before
him.
platform. When I have had .time to re
sume my seat, come and take stock of
the man who Is. waiting on us. You
will get the best view through the
furthest pane. If you think he is not
Serjov tap softly three times on the
glass— if you identify him do nothing
until orders.- There Is such a clatter
going on that no one not listening for
it will be likely to hear you tap. If It
is heard it won't much matter, as I
have purposely arranged for the audi
ble signal to be given in the event of
your pronouncing the man harmless."
Automatically Restofski nodded com
prehension. One of the cherished hopes
of his life was to track down the man
who had mutilated him; but not by the
flash of an eye or the quiver of a mus
cle would he own to personal anticipa
tion.
"You know Serjov by sight— the
same who was suspected with good
cause of arranging the bomb outrage
at Warsaw in '94?" he asked.
"Better than I know you," was the
rep!y. "Have I not this to remember
him by?" And Reetofskl held up. his
left hand, short of the third finger,
v.'hich three years before the desperate
Nihilist had bitten off in successfully
resitting arrest.
"Well, I never saw him," proceeded
Volborth. *'But there is a: man in
there acting as waiter, who. Judging by
photographs only, might be Serjov dis
guised. I want you to have a look at
him. but without allowing him,' or Du
browski, with whom I am dining, 'to
eee you. We are Bitting to the "left of
that fourth window giving on 'to the
But it was not to the compartment
In which he had* traveled that he
turned his steps. Making his way to
the group of section agents, who were
keeping guard over the imperial sa
loon, he beckoned Restofski aside.
"Save the divinity's souvenir, by all
means; here's to her health," cried
Boris, rai&ing his champagne glass.
And Just as the waiter returned with
the two silver dishes, Volborth " hur
ried out on the platform.
Suddenly in the thick of this inter
change, when the waiter had gone for
the entrees, Volborth sprang to his feet
and uttered an exclamation of dis
may.
"That reminds me!" he cried. "I
would not lose it for ten thousand' ru
bles. Excuse me for two minutes, my
dear Boris, while I run to the train for
the gold cigarette case presented to me
by Sarah Bernhardt. I have left it on
the scat in the saloon carriage, and who
knows but Bome railway, man may
take a fancy to it." . •
The influence of the brilliant lights,
glittering plate, good wine, and the
splendid military music which Austrian
hospitality had provided as a send-off
to their guests, temporarily cured
Boris of his ill-humor, and he chat
tered in the highest of boyish spirits of
the good time they would all have in
Paris. The French capital was re
tarded by the whole staff as the para
dise of the pilgrimage, to which the
formalitif-g of Vienna and Breslau, and
the dull domesticity to be expected at
Copenhagen and Balmoral, formed the
purgatory. Both men knew their
Paris, and each vied with the other in
recounting reminiscences.
A waiter swooped down on them
with the menu, presenting it first to
Volborth, who had taken his seat with
his back to the wall so that he could
see what was going on. Having se
lected his dishes and whispered them
into the ear of the bowing waiter, Vol
borth passed the carte to Boris, who
sat opposite, and the man, with well
drJlled alacrity, crossed over and bent
down at the side of the second diner.
Thus, while Boris was ordering, Vol
borth got his first full view of the
waiter at fairly close quarters.
Like the other carefully selected
servitors, this one was spick and span
in swallow-tails and snowy shirt-front.
But unlike the others, who were mostly
dark-skinned Italians from Istria, he
had a complexion of .dull brick-dust
color, that made a bad match to his
shock of coal-black hair. It was a face
which by the usages of nature ought
to have been surmounted by locks of
a more ruddy hue.
Volborth leaned back and lazily
scanned the man as he gave an obse
quious ear tb Dubrowski's require
ments, and in doing so he became
aware that he was himself being sub
jected to a similar process by the wai
ter. Not directly, by any means; but
there was an alert watchfulness at the
corner c-f the man's eye that Volborth's
training told him was not entirely for
the "work in hand. The same furtive
watchfulness was perceptible when the
•waiter returned with the first course,
but Volborth abstained from adding to
any uneasiness under which he might
be laboring, and affected not to notice
him further.
"I share your sentiments, Paul, to the
letter," he said as he seated himself.
"It is to be devoutly hoped that her
Majesty will remain in the mind which
rumor attributed to her — to desert the
tour at Kieff, and take her pack of
pussy cats back to Petersburg. They
are a nuisance in affairs of this kind.
Traveling makes them nervous — and
-they scratch."
THE old lady, still refusing to see
that anything was wrong between
the betrothed couple, had kept a
place for Boris at her side in the
Improvised restaurant, though he had
studiously avoided mother and daugh
ter during the day, and now turned his
eyes in search of a seat in any direc
tion but theirs.
"Here you are, Dubrowski, here is a
snug corner," said Volborth, seeing the
position, and steering the all too willing
young officer to a table at the opposite
end cf the room, at which there was
only space for two. "Let us dine to
gether en garcon. I have been making
"myself polite to the women all day, and
I confess to feeling a little blase of the
charming creatures."
Boris tried in vain to tone down a
truly Russian guffaw- eloquent of the
mood which Volborth had so adroitly
tickled.
THIS is the second install
ment of "By a Hairs
Breadth," which has al
ready begun to attract more
attention than any novel
published in The Sunday Call
since its new literary policy
•was inaugurated, possibly be
cause it shows how niarvel
ously the Czar is safeguarded
by Russia's Dreaded" "Third
Section.*'
Apart from that there is
the merit of getting a new
$1 50 book complete in four
installments at the small
cost of 20 cents.
well as the one he was setting. "The
writer, whoever she Is, flatters . me in
the, same way as those others have
been doing recently— by attributing ' to
me police functions. Assuming my In
quisitorial capacity," she- warns me
against one of the ladles 'of the suite—
I am telling you this purposely, Du
browski—against \ Mademoiselle Vassili.
This outrageous letter charges your, be
trothed with revolutionary leanings."
"The writer lies vilely! lima is above
suspicion of- that .sort," Boris exclaimed,
his better ' self asserting itself to de-'
riounce what heknew was a false ac
cusation against an innocent girl. And
then, as' Volborth had expected, the
thought must have crossed his mind
that of all people In the world Olga Pa
litzin had most Interest in vilifying li
ma were she base enough to do so. "He
did not believe that she was so base,
but he was all eagerness to convince
himself that she was not— again Just as
Volborth had expected. "Show me that
writing," he said.
Snatching the letter Volborth handed
to him. he elanced at it and broke into
w,ay.to,the.door..they would have to
pass. dose. to the table at which Boris,
and Volborth were sitting. . The latter's
quick eye noted that the Imposing pro
portions of the Countess took up most
of the si>ace in the alley way. between
the tables. He so contrived - that in
passing ¦heshould Jerk his elbow, with
the result that both the letters, which
he had taken in his hand with' the ap
parent intention of returning them to
Boris, fell to the floor. At the same
time, to all seeming from the same
cause, a cup of black coffee at his side
crashed down on the letters, copi
ously staining them .in equal propor
tions .with the dark fluid.
Instantly he stooped down to recover
the letters, hoping that amid the babel
of apology and explanation, which as
he had loreseen promptly arose, and
also because of Ilma's presence, Boris
would forthwith put away the letter
which he would pass to him. _ This
would not be the one from the Princess,
and the substitution would be facitita
ted by the coffee stains. The contents
of his own letter being in the cipher of
"That grove which you "see to. tQM
left,", he said, speaking rather loudly.
Having in turn informed Restofski of
what had happened In the dining-room.
Volborth hastened back to rejoin Boris,
and he quickened his steps when far
down the long vista of the platform he
; saw the aide-de-carnp under one of the
station lamps reading his letter. A
fresh, ruse for possessing himself of It
had already half formed In Volborth's
mind, and then . he was suddenly
brought to a standstill by a hand on
his shoulder and a voice In his eaj>
"Whither away so. fast, stormy pe
trel?';. !
The speaker was Prince Lobanof. re
turning to his own compartment. from
the Imperial saloon*, where he had been
dining.
"I have very urgent business. If your
Excellency- will excuse me," Volborth
replied, directing the Prince's gaze to
the distant Boris. . :
"Ah!" said Lobanof. ."There ar« new
developments, then? . Getting serious,
eh? Well, I will not detain yonJ?. -
And the distinguished Minister passed
on, little thinking with what-conse
quences that twenty seconds' delay was
fraught— to himself most of alL "When
Volborth turned again' toward,. Du
browskl the latter was tearing .th» lat
ter into a thousand pieces with tho air
of having thoroughly mastered the eon
tents. The next moment he stepped
forward and flung- the fragments Into a
brazier. of live charcoal, thus once; for
all preventing the communication from
being seen by any one. ¦ . aiZ'
Baffled for the second time that night,
Volborth refused to accept final defeat,
and set himself to the only possible way
of learning the contents of the letter —
that of beguiling the information from
Boris himself. The train started imme
diately, and he stuck close to the aide
de-camp, following him into the smok
ing-car, and subjecting him to every
subtle device that human ingenuity
could Invent. But it was all to no avail.
By no means he could employ, direct or
circuitous, could he bring Boris back to
the letter. In fact, the you;ng officer
had Imbibed so freely at dinner that he
was disinclined for tete-a-tete conver
sation of any sort, and was soon the
center of other lively young blades of
the staff, who kept things going merrily
till bedtime. When the attendant came
to say that the sleeping berths were
down in the gentlemen's car. Volborth
was not one whit the wiser.
All through the summer night the
¦Imperial train rushed across the fertile
Oaliclan plains, stopping nowhere but
at Jaroslau, and, two hours later in the
gray of dawn, at Lumbers, where Vol
borth stole from his car,-, while every
one' was sleeping, -to seek a few^worda
with the ever-wakeful Restofski. Here.
,too, he Inquired for a telegram which
was duly forthcoming and informed
him that the Introduction which had
placed Anna Tchigorin on the stage at
the Hofburg concert hall was de
nounced by the St. Petersburg Im
presario as a forgery.
At 7 in the morning the frontier sta
tion of Radziwillow, flanked by Its
chain of frowning forts, was reached,
and the familiar uniforms on the plat
form told that the Tsar was on the soil
of his own holy Russia once more.
Thence the train sped onward to
Sdolbunow, where, while tha engine
was changed, breakfast was served In
the cars.
Every one was about again now, the
ladies- in fresh morning toilettes,- and
the military members of the suit*. In
full-dress uniform, ready for tha state
arrival at Kleff In the afternoon. Vol
forth had contrived to efface all "traces
of a nearly sleepless night, and was ap
parently- in .the most careless high
spirits; but -Boris had lost the Jerky
noisiness that had marked him . over
night, and seemed either dull or.pre
occupied. Volborth fumed Inwardly.
He would have given half he possessed
for the next six hours to be over, for
with the Tsar safe In Kleff, hedged In
by all the normal precautions of the
section, as only possible on native
ground, he himself' would be like a boy
let out to play. .He has since stated
'that at this period of the Journey so
overwrought was he with a sense of
foreboding that* at the slightest" sign
of anything tangible he would <have
abandoned his secret policy, and would
have handed over the sullen, j silent
aide-de-camp to Restofski In the police
car.
But he could not well order an officer
of the Emperor's staff into arrest for
having a strange manner, and the de
sire to spread his net for the real crim
inals helped him to master himself.
There was always, too, the thought of
the consternation which an open course
would bring to the imperial travelers.
And presently his self-control was as
sisted by Boris himself, who gradually
thawed during the forty-mile run from
Sdolbunow to Scheptowka. and -by the
time the. train stopped at the latter
place was chattering gayly once more.
"Perhaps he awoke In Ul-humoVfrom
the • wine he drunk at Cracow. , On the
other hand, he may have been puzzling; >
out some problem which he sees clearly
at .last," Volborth thought, as he
stepped from the car to stretch his legs
with the rest of the suite. To his sur
prise Boris, on whom he was in close
attendance, at once went up to lima
and commenced to walk the platform at
her side. Volborth perforce fell back a
little— but not far.
Scheptowka is on the edge of «the
Russian corn land. The landscape was
one vsst expanse of golden wheat ripen
ing for harvest, broken only by a wood
of lime trees half a mile from the sta
tion. Outside the iron railings a troop
of filthy emigrants squatted in the dust,
patiently waiting till the autocrat
whose realms they "were, leaving should
. have paused oxi. The conversation with
which Boris began volubly to entertain
lima had reference.. It seemed to no
thing more important than these de
tails of scenery. . ' rw ",
As he came opposite to the great
green and gold saloon he halted sud
denly and pointed to the wood. Yj.*. \, :
•igns upon th» latter must b» post
poned. For Boris 'rose and went out on
the platform, where Volborth had to
leave him In order to confer with' Res
tofskl before the train started. Ha
found his colleague, waiting: at the pre
viously appointed rendezvous— a lamp
room at the end of " the station— and
learned that the inquiry set on foot
about the supposed Serjov had led to
no enlightenment. Restofski had seen
the head steward of 'the Austrian re
freshment contractor, and had gathered
that the man had been engaged, with
many others, especially for the occa
sion, on the best of credentials. . A mes
senger had been despatched to the ad
dress which he had given, but had re
turned with the report that no one an
swering to his description was known
there. For the rest, nothing had oc
curred during the stay of the train to
signify present danger:
THE,vSAN FRANCISGO SUNDAY CALL'.
2
BY A HAIR'S BREADTHthe Tsar up, -you know, and we don't,
though I'm sure he deserves It — horrid
old thing, always sending people to Si
beria. At least/ he isn't old, but one al
ways thinks of Tsars as ancient parties
of ! the * 'off-with-his-head* sort And
talking of blowing up, we have had
some rare fun* with the Baroness. The
dear old' thing has had a regular scare;
and ' nearly trotted off to the police
about it Lucky she didn't, as it turns
out"
• "How vu ¦ that?" asked Fortescue,
checking a direct glance at Volborth,
but guessing from the Increased "bub
ble"-of the great Posen pipe that his
friend was more than listening for a
story, which Miss Metcalf" was evident
ly burning to tell. ' ¦
"Three -or four days ago— that was
before :we, reached . Breslau." she rat
tled on, "a man called on the Baroness
and wanted lodgings. Just think of it!
— -a'.ydn" Llndberg taken for a lodging
house keeper. When she > told him she
wasn't in the business, he wouldn't take
fronted, by as fair a specimen of
sprightly. English girlhood as ever
quickened the. pulse of an acknowl
edged lover. Laura Metcalf would have
scornfully- disclaimed any title 1 to be
called • pretty; hers was rather a pi
quante, taking face,. in which the chief
charms were a matchless complexion
and- eyes that sparkled with the Joy of
life. Her figure, though slight,, was of
the type that is seen to best advantage
in a riding habit Perhaps , a ' little
slangy and would-be \ "up-to-date,"
Miss Metcalf was nevertheless a true
woman at heart, a stanch friend, a
somewhat truculent enemy, ; and de
voted to her "sucking ambassador," as
she irreverently, termed Spencer.
The latter rose and brought a chair
for her.- :.-; ' ' :.. "I .;
"I must plead guilty; to gross mis
behavior " .h.'« said.. 'The fact is I- met
an ' old friend, and "we have been ; chat
ting.. X Let.; roe introduce .' \ you— Herr
Wlnckel, of Munich— I iiss Metcalf." .
' "Jarmed to meet you,' Mess."* said
pens, by the way, to be in Breslau at
this moment. lima was staying at Sir
James Metcalfs place In Scotland when
I was there last year, and* Laura has
been greatly looking forward to having
her there again-when your people* are
( with the Queen three' weeks hence.
Blalrgeldle Castle is within a drive of
Balmoral. Lady Metcalf and her
daughter are staying^ here fof a few
days with the Barone'ss von LIndberg
on their way home from Gratz." "
"With yourself as escort?"
"No, it was quite an accident that I
met them," replied Fortescue. "I am
here on duty—there need' be no secret
about it between us— to feel the pulse,
as it were, of this meeting between the
two Emperors for my Government."
A*Ah t yes. Some one would be doing
that, and who better than you, my
friend," said Volborth. "But this is
where I thought that you' might help
me. The Colonel Delaval, who was
with the Princess in Petersburg— can
you place him? Tha Irish- American ale-
"Ah, that is indeed interesting,** said
Volborth. "He must have been on a
hot scent to come and go like that. I
know Melton well— braved. . keen ' and
tireless,' but hampered by you£ silly in
sular system, which makes a policeman
always a policeman. Go oni Spencer."
"That is practically. 'all,", Fortescue
replied. "I only have a slight acquaint
ance with Melton, and in any case he is
not the man to blab his business. - I
gathered that he had to leave again in
a hurry, and that Boulogne .was his
destination. Whether < : en /route V for
England or not did not transpire." . _ :
For a little while they sat in silence,
Volborth pondering the ..situation | by
the new light .of the' English detective's
presence in Breslau. ¦;¦ He came to the
conclusion that^whateyer had been the
cause Melton did riot know it to be con
nected with the Tsar's ; coming visit,
as in that event the Russian authorities
would have been' apprised. \It_ was pos
sible that the British police were oper
ating against the aama ' conspirators
tnent does not onen come within my
scope; you have It at your finger-tips."
And he gave a minute description of
the man whom he had first met on the
steps of the section bureau, explaining
his theory that Delaval, knowing his
passports to be In order, had purposely
thrust his head into the lion's jaws so
that he might be followed to. and
vouched for, as he was, by. the Ameri
can Embassy. Thus he would be able
to come and go for the' remainder of
his stay in Petersburg without excit
ing further inquiry.
"You overrate me, Paul," said For
tescue. "Your description -conveys
nothing to me, though I see your drift
You apprehend some sort of an alliance
between the { anti-English Irish dyna
mite party and your own practitioners.
Well," he added, after a moment's re
flectlon, "here is a fact that might have
a bearing. • Melton, one of the Scotland
Yard men who. : look after our revolu
tionary. fry, ; was in' Breslau for an hour
or two three days ago."
under. the Impression that the plot was
directed against \ purely British inter- .
eats, in which case, if his theory of a
Fanlan-Nihlllst league was right, the :
sooner he and Melton joined forces the
better; • . • " '
In the meanwhile ; Spencer Fortescue '
was congratulating himself on what his
friend had called the "silly. insular sys- '
tem." .He did not blame Volborth,' who .
was 'bred .to it,' but never before had the
merciless' system of social espionage in
Russia, seemed so repugnant as when
forcibly Illustrated by the slow, entan
glement of Boris Dubrowski - In ¦* the
meshes of the Third Section, g Well he
knew that, in the Tsar'- domairis,in- '
nocence of intent would, make but little .
difference to the foolish young 'officer's -
fate wHen. the sword fell. As a man of
the \ world, Fortescue ..was aware what <
the blandishments of an unscrupulous,
woman could accomplish; and he, would
not admit that Dubrowski \ deserved ]
death or, ; Siberia for his; folly.* | As an /,
English gentleman he felt that . he
At one of the Email circular tables to be of one mind with myself — that
•which had overflowed from the crowded the letter of which she balked me at
hall of the hotel on to the pavement sat Cracow gulled Dubrowski under some
a man who at first sight was chiefly pretense into mentioning the eikon in
conspicuous by reason of his being the hearing of their Majesties so as to
alone. Closer Inspection showed him to lure them to the grove. Yet I could
be about 30 years of age, well groomed see that she was still watching my
,as to his attire and neat as to his every move with a view to shielding
closely trimmed beard and mustache, Dubrowski." *
with a quietly observant manner. "Yes," said Fortescue, after an appre
"Probably an Englishman— undoubted- ciable pause, "I can conceive such a
ly a gentleman," would have been the state of mind— because I happen to
correct verdict of any one with a know the lady. I should Imagine that
knowledge of the world who chanced— she Is doing this for Dubrowski be
ts set *s on Mr. Spencer Fortescue cause she dtles him as a weakling, and
of the British Foreign Office. with a woman of her temperament pity
Quite apart from the ordinary tour- is very akin to love. If a strong man,
ist's gaping curiosity was the air of entirely worthy in other ways of her
amused appreciation which marked Mr. respect, had treated # her thus, she
Fortescue's survey of the loungers and would probably have hated him and
passers-by. Many a thrilling detail of left him to his fate. It is likely that
personality or behavior, which would that was her feeling, till she suspected
have been lost on the casual spectator, him to be under the ban of the section
had an interest for the keen gray eyes and her quick wit told her that he was**,
that watched and noted so quietly and wanted by the Palltzln as a tool rather
unobstruElvely from the table by the than a lover. Both facts entitle him to
porch. Every type In the throng was pity— poor beggar— I should say."
individually familiar to Fortescue; the "He will go to the mines when I have
only novelty was the seeing them all— done with him." returned Volborth.
French and Russian, German, Ameri-^ "But. tell me about your acquaintance
can. and English- -t the same time in with Mademoiselle Vasslli. I had no -
the same combination. idea that you had met."
And then, suddenly, the contempla- "She is the dearest friend of my own '
tive gaze was exch.nged for a stare of fiancee, Miss Laura Metraif. who baa-'
CHAPTER V.
THE FORSAKEN ROOM AT BRES
LAU.
The hall of the Hotel Golden Gans at
¦Breslau was full of loungers. The cap
ital of e German province, as distinct
from the more fashionable Bads and
watering-places, is usually a center of
dullness, enlivened only by the freaks
of local politicians. But on this occa
sion Breslau. having waked to its Im
portance as the meeting-place of two
Emperors on the morrow, had grown
quite cosmopolitan. Journalists and
sightseers, diplomatists and a good
sprinkling cf the secret service element,
had invaded the capital of Silesia, ab
sorbing every corner of its limited ac
commodation, and turning it Into a
babel of tongues and a medley of na
tionalities.
And, omitting minor points, Vol
borth ran through the heads of his dis
coveries and suspicions, commencing
with the Princess Palltzln's enlistment
of Boris Dubrowski as an instrument,
and laying special stress on the part he
believed lima Vassill to be playing.
"Can you conceive," he concluded,, "a
state of mind In which a girl, while
knowing her lover to be In tow of a
rival, and despising and loathing him
for it, would yet move heaven and earth
to save him from the section. Mind
you, she Is equally anxious to preserve
their Majesties from harm through his
criminal folly. Outside the section no
one knows that Lobanof was killed by
a thorn poisoned with strophanthus and
meant for the Tsarina. ; But from D
ma's manner during the two days I
was with them at Kieff I believe her
puzzled inquiry, rapidly clearing into a
half-smile of recognition as Its subject
— a man who had been crossing- the
roadway — stepped on to the curb and
approached , the hotel entrance. For
tescue rose and extended his hand, the
smile broadening into a grin.
• "How do you do, Herr* This is In
deed a happy meeting,** he said.
The new-comer, a portly, elderly man
in the ill-fitting, shoddy garb affected
by German provincial bankers and
merchants, drew himself up as one who
resents a stranger's Intrusion. Then he"
started in astonishment, his eyes de
vouring Fortescue's face.
"I ze bleasure not haf der know you.
saar. You one great mistake must
make," he replied.
Fortescue's eyes were abrim with
merriment. .
"Very, well done, my friend, that Ger
man-English was excellent," he said,
taking care not to be overheard. "But
seriously, my dear Volborth, though I
know three years and my beard must
make a difference, you have not for
gotten Spencer Fortescue and the little
affair we worked together at Belgrade
in *93?"
"Pull your table out of earshot from
the door. *I will be back in a moment."
was the reply, spoken now in excellent
English.
The seeming merchant disappeared
into the hotel, and Fortescue acted on
his suggestion, moving the table and
two chairs into greater privacy. He
was still smiling to think that he, him
self unrecognized, had penetrated the
disguise of the redoubtable Volborth.
in close association with whom he had
engineered a delicate matter of interna
tional haute police three years before.
The rising young attache was one of
the very few outside the ranks of the
Third Section who knew Volborth in
his true capacity, and between the two
there had arisen a firm friendship,
which, though they had never met
since the completion of their joint ser
vice, had been kept alive by a mutu
ally useful correspondence. Each had
formed a very high opinion , of the
other's absolute secrecy, and they
trusted ope another accordingly.
In a minute or two Volborth re
turned and seated himself at the table,
using gestures in conformity with his
dress, but plunging into conversation in
his natural voice. •
"We cannot be overheard with this
blank wall behind us," he said. "Be
fore you say a word. Spencer, tell me
how you spotted me. I flattered my
self that the make-up was perfect."
"Quite perfect — If you could only con
trol the droop of that left eyelid," safd
Fortescue, passing his cigarette-case,
which, however, Volborth waved away
in favor of a heavy German pipe. "Do
not alarm yourself," continued the En
glishman, perceiving a trace of real an
noyance oiu his friend's altered fea
tures. "It was probably what we call
in our trade 'a concatenation of circum
stances' that cave you away. I dare
say I should not have noticed the droop
of the lid If this had not been more, or
less a Russian function, and Paul Vol
borth therefore the most natural per
son in the world for me to expect to see
here. Now it's my turn. Why did you
start at the sight of me, though you
didn't know me?" • ¦
"Do you mean to say that you con
not guess?" said Volborth, puffing his
pipe between each word as though to
the manner born. "Xo? Well, with that
beard you are the very counterfeit of
my august sovereign, the Tsar. The
difference is perceptible' at close quar
ters, but at a little distance the resem
blance is amazing."
"An undoubted honor, but a doubt
ful advantage," laughed Fortescue.
"And now, old collaborator," he added
with a quick cha'nge to gravity, "is
this tour running smoothly? I know
you won't tell me more than* you ought,
but your presence here in advance
seems to signify trouble."
"Yes. there is trouble — bad trouble,"
was the reply. "They nearly scored In
Vienna. And— this is "very secret,
Spencer— Lobanof is to be credited to
their account, though the Empress was
the Intended victim."
"I am not surprised," said Fortescue.
after a pause. "I saw the hand of the
section in the meagerness of detail sup
plied to the press. And you fear furth
er attempts?"
"Unquestionably. That Is why I pre
ceded the imperial party hither. I
have learned enough during the trip to
know that the ground selected for the
attempts has been occupied and pre-"
pared by the agents beforehand, and I
thought that I might be of more use
here than in doing ordinary police work
on the Journey from KieCC My next in
command has full Instructions how' to
act In certain contingencies. But lis
ten while I sketch the situation. There
Is one connection in which you might
enlighten me."
should, in .Volbqrth's '. place, have
warned the infatuated suspect directly
the first proof was obtained of the use
he was'beirig put"to.'_ > • Y ' • •
- • "The, matter^ Is too grave. for my. in- ;
terference, but ;• for "the ; sake; of -"that
'grand- girl,. Laura's friend* I -wish Paul;
could have worked ; It otherwise,'' ; the
attache thought, glancing at -Volborth's .
face/ with .its 'cruel ¦'firmness scarcely
hidden by the mask of German stolidity
with which it "had been Invested. And
as he looked -a gleam came into : Vbl-'
borth's veye, | and a heavy ".Teutonic
smile spread itself over -the ' artificially
broadened' features. •'-.¦'"'. :
..-' "There -will be xunv ones^-vor -you
gomlng, -• Mishder-Fordescue,"; said the
disguised: man. reverting" to the speech
of his assumed- character.-. - : .
The reason - was promptly made evi
dent. •' ¦ •;.. -V ¦ ¦ ¦ ;; -
.. "Is this your.notlon of doing the civil
to -mother, and "the "Baroness, naughty
boy?" cried a* ringing voice at Fortes
cue's elbow, and turning- ha was con-
Volborth, rising to execute an elephan
tine bow., which Laura 'acknowledged
with a good-natured smile, and a bow
that was more than* half* a* nod.
; j "This is really Jolly, only I hope it
Isn't fast— sitting outside a hotel with
two men," shebegan to chatter. "And
Spencer, don't worry, about not having
called this afternoon; | .The' ; Baroness Is
full. of preparations for to-morrow, get
ting-the windows draped and all that
sort, of thing.: ' The .•spirit' of" the Lord
Mayor's show Is upon her." > :,v~
'.."Miss Metcalf is so -fortunate as to
be -staying with . the Baroness von
LIridberg. : who lives next door to the
Stadthaus. where the . Tsar ' is to be
lodged." explained "Fortescue.
"Ach! but'' that is mosh gonvenient,"
commented Volborth, who had already
learned all that the local police could
tell him about the house and its occu
pants. ¦ • '". •
"Oh don't!" the young lady ex
claimed, with a comical grimace.
''That sounds as if we wanted to blow
He rose at once to accompany her.
satisfied with the turn he had given to
events, though he thought it likely that
they *would find Delaval already at the
Von Lindberg mansion. The return of
Inspector Melton fhdicated the return
of his quarry, and his previous flying
visit to Brealau having, "~y Laura's
showing, tallied with Delaval's first ap
pearance, it was easy to guess who
that -quarry was. But Fortescue felt
assured that, after what he had said,
the American would not be allowed to
remain under the Baroness von Llnd
berg*s roof, and if that could be pre
vented his own object would be gained,
This was neither more nor less thaa
to save Boris Dubrowski from further
implication, while at the same time
helping Volbrcth to prevent a criminal
attempt without publicity. Though
Volborth had not said as much. It was
patent to Fortescue's diplomatic mind
that Prince Lobanofs death had placed
his friend in an awkward position.
Should it come to the Tsar's ears that
his faithful old minister had lost his
life, and that the Empress had had the
narrowest of escapes, as the, result of
Volborth's waiting policy. It might go
hard with him. And this difficulty was
increased by the fact of Lobanof hav
ing been the only oo* irtio could have
testified to the motlres that actuated
that policy, after consultation and ad
vice. It was therefore probable that
it would be to the future action of Du
browskl that Volborth would look In or
der to prove his connection with the
conspirators.
Fortescue told himself that It would
be no breach of confidence on his part
to/ hinder such action, on this occasion
at least, seeing that by depriving De
laval of his opportunity he would be
aiding Volborth's paramount object—
the stoppage of open attempts while
preparing a swooy on the conspirators
at the end of the tour. In coming to
his conclusion Fortescue was greatly
influenced by the presence of the Eng
lish detective, who might be trusted
They both laughed, their relations be
ing such as make the jest appreciable.
"No, I am not jealous," Fortescue re
plied. "But all the same, it is the
Yank over whom I am grizzling. Do
you know that, with the best of inten
tions, you may have sot lima Vassili's
lover into an uncommonly nasty
mess?"
"Good gracious, no! How?" exclaimed
Laura, her face the picture of alarm.
"In this way. Leaving aside the
question of outrages, there is the
chance that this American may be us
ing Dubrowski's name, unauthorized,
for purposes of his own. It may be
only the ruse of a wealthy man to get
what he would call a 'front seat at the
show.' But Russian court etiquette is
a truly fearful thing. If It ever came
out that the name of an Imperial staff
officer had been made use of in that
way, whether Jsy his permission or not.
it would be bad for that officer. And I
can think of at least twenty ways in
which it might come out."
Laura's eyes filled with tears at the
bare idea of damaging her beloved II
ma's fiance. "What a donkey I have
been!" she cried. "And the brutes
would really make it hot for Captain
Dubrowski, even if no harm came of it?
Well, I'm off to put the matter right.
I shall te'll the Baroness it's all a mis
take — that Delaval is a suspicious
character, and mustn't be admitted un
der any consideration. If he gets into
the house it will have to be over my
dead body. Come and see metome,
Spencer, and back me up."
"I am aware that you were born a
long time before yesterday," replied
Laura. "But why this thusness? You
have come over as solemn as a mau
soleum. It isn't anything I've done, is
It. old boy? You are not jealous of the
rich Yank?"
She looked up, wondering why that
elderly, vulgar German had started up
so excitedly from his chair at the closa
of a narrative which, she had Imag
ined, could have no special concern for
him. Fortescue, too, was surprised
that his friend should have left the ta
ble so abruptly, with a half-muttered
apology; for it was not like Volborth
to be taken aback by the most unex
pected of combinations. And then a
glance at the opposite sidewalk, to
ward which the disguised spy was has
tening, told him that Laura's uncon
sciously offered Information, startling
as it was, did not form the immediate
cause of the sudden move. That cause
was revealed in the lithe, active figure
of Inspector Melton walking fast on the
other side of the street.
"Herr Wlnckel has seen another
friend, it appears," said Fortescue, as
Volborth accosted the English detec
tive, and after a hearty hand-shake
paced slowly on with him. "And now,
little woman," continued the attache,
"you allow that I know a thing or
two?"
no for an answer, pleaded that he
could find lodgings nowhere else, and
finally asked her to - name h»r own
price. The idea was so preposterous
that naturally she grew suspicious, and
thought of all sorts of horrors, for her
house adjoins the Stadthaus, wall to
wall, you must know, Herr WlnckeL
She would certainly have gone to ths
police but for one thins— the man was
an American, and said ho was a mil
lionaire. The Baroness knew that ths.
silver-king, pork-packing fraternity
are capable of trying to buy creation,
so she just did nothing. But she firmly
refused him admission to the house,
and that's where the Joke comes in.**
"May we Inquire how?" said Fortes
cue.
"Why, the Yankee is coming back: he
is to have the room after all, and the
funny part is that I am at the bottom
of it," returned Miss Metcalf. .not no
ticing the start which neither of her
hearers could wholly suppress. "The
Baroness had a wire from him this
morning to that effect — about a hun
dred words, though, of course, that's
nothing to a millionaire. He says he
had got as far as Boulogne on his way
back, when he recollected that he was
chummy with one of the Tsar's staff,
and that he was returning in the hope
that that would cause the Baroness to
alter her mind. The staff officer vraa
thrown In as a voucher of his respecta
bility, don't you see? It wouldn't have
weighed a bit with the Baconess, and
the poor Yank would have been home
less If she hadn't shown that wire to
me." And Laura made a tantalizing
pause for effect.
"We are waiting for the climax," said
Fortescue quietly.
"Here It is, then. Luckily for the
prodigal Yank, he gave the name of his
Russian acquaintance, and who should
it be but the Captain Boris Dubrowski,
whom my dear lima Is going to marry.
Of course, that made it as right as
nlnepence for the porkpacker. and the
Baroness means doing him well. His
name is Delaval — a colonel, it goes
without saying. Hullo! Where's the
Herr off to?"
"Run back to the wood and arrest the
priest," he said. "Make no bones about
•It. Kill him if you cannot catch him."
• Five minutes after the Tsar's great
servant had breathed his last the men
returned. They reported that the priest
was not to be found, and inquiry eli
cited that never within the memory of
¦man had the eikon of Saint Gregory
•in the wood of Scheptowka been at
tended by a cleric of its own.
. Leaving the priest mumbling thanks
for a shower of gold, the party started
to return to the station. Volborth still
tvaJkirg with Boris and lima a little be
hind the higher dignitaries. Suddenly,
as they were nearing the station,
Prince Lobanof staggered, recovered
himself, staggered again, and would
have fallen had not the Tsar, against
whom- he lurched, held him up. The
court physician pushed his way
through the throng, and willing hands
bore the stricken man to his saloon car
riage, but almost before they laid him
down a whisper ran through the awe
struck suite that the Prince was dying
— of heart disease.
Volborth, who In the confusion had
somehow possessed himself of the bas
ket and roses which Lobanof had
dropped, slipped away, white as a
sheet, to where Restofski was standing,
quite satisfied with the success from his
point of view of the little excursion.
The section did not worry about "death
by the visitation of God." But at the
few words whispered to him by his
chief he too turned pale, and summoned
three of his assistants.
•"See:" he cried gayly, "the good
priest's roses have thorns. Even at my
age it has been permitted to me to shed
my blocrd for your Majesty." And he
pointed to a red drop oozing from one
of the fingers with which he had
clutched the basket.
'.Having answered the questions put to
him about the shrine, and explained
that the roses were for sale to pilgrims,
be selected the best basket and begged
the Tsarina to accept it. Just as her
grasp was about to close on the handle
Prince Lobanof intervened, and, seiz
ing the basket, insisted in his courtly
fashion on carrying it back to the train
himself.
The stroll along the dusty road was
•e*on accomplished, and they passed in
to the refreshing shade of the grove,
Zlestofski's men first drawing it, as
fox hounds do a covert — and drawing it
blank. »ave for the aged priest whom
they found in charge of the eikon. The
old man was sitting on the ground by
the red-stone image when the Tsar and
Tsarina with Prince Lobanof ap
yroached. From the unconcerned way
In which he went on arranging several
baskets of roses he did not seem to
know his distinguished visitors. But
at a few kindly words from the sover
eign he rose to his feet and made low
pbeisance.
The . allusion was to a well-known
bobby of the TSarlna, who. since her
•"conversion," had developed a mania
for collecting Images of the Russian
saints. No sooner was the Emperor's
intention known than Volborth con
trived a word with Restolskl.
"Take care," was all he was able to
say. "This notion was Inspired by our
young friend." V
He also questioned a railway man,
and gathered that there certainly was a
.shrine of Saint Gregory in the wood.
Somewhat reassured by this, and by
the cloud of section officials who spread
themselves round the party, he at
tached himself to Boris and lima, and
followed the imperial couple out of the
station with the whole suite.
"We will ourselves test the value of
your reading, captain," said he. "Her
Majesty is making' a study of eikons,
and a little sightseeing will break the
monotony of the Journey.**
."Bo I have read, Eire." replied Boris
firmly. "I cannot speak from knowl
edge, never having been this way be
fore. Have I your Majesty's permission
•to inquire of the station master?"
. But the Tsar made a gesture of dls-
RBt.
"1j quite an Interesting spot. In It
there is an elkon of Saint Gregory, be
lieved to be the oldest In Russia."
"Captain Dubrowski," eald a pleasant
but authoritative voice.
A. window of the imperial car had
been let down with a crash, and a face
appeared which caused a general hush
upon the platform. Every man's hand
went to his headgear in salute; every
woman curtseyed Jow. Behind the
Tsar stood the Tsarina, with Lobanof,
who had been summoned to a confer
ence, smiling benevolently in the back
ground st the sudden impulse of his
sovereign. Boric advanced, clicked his
.heels, and stood to attention.
"We chanced to overhear your
words," said the Tsar. "There is, then,
an elkon of great age in yonder wood?"
THl: SAN FRANCISCO ~ SUNDAY / CALL.
3Painting That Attracted Attention
at Hopkins
"You have been talking to Herr
Winckel," Laura said, as soon as they
were beyond earshot of the two elder
ladi«s. "I can see.lt by. the way you
are looking at me, you undiplomatic
person."
"Yes, I know about it. but don't ex
pect any flattery, for I don't think
you deserve it." . he said, with a look
that belied his words. . "After all,
dear, your own people have more
claim on you than this Russian officer
for whom you risked so much."
"Oh. there was no risk; old Winckel
Is a most handy man." she replied.
"AndTou mustn't be Jealous of Boris
Dubrowski, any ¦ more than of the
sham millionaire. . By the way. I
wonder, what has become of. that fiend.
He ought to be ¦ punished if it could
be done without implicating Ilma's
young man."
"I have private sources of informa
tion, you know, and I can tell you
that he Is out of Breslau,"' Fortescue
said. "On leaving here he drove
straight to the station, and an English
detective, who la believed to be after
him for another matter, went by the
same train. So he may be laid by the
heels eventually." He did not tell her
what he had gathered from Volborth
— that the brief conference which the
latter had had with the Scotland Yard
man had convinced both of them that
they were hunting on the same scent
after striking it at different points.
Further conversation was cut short
by a roar of cheering outside, and
they hastened to join Lady Metcalf
and the Baroness at the wlndoW. The
stately procession ..of court equipages,
with its brilliant escort, was In sight,
but owing to the throngs of spectators
it was some minutes before it drew up
at the door of the Stadthaus; and for
Laura the real Interest of the arrival
did not begin till the Kaiser, having
set down his guests, had driven off,
and the carriages conveying the Rus
sian suite came up in quick succession.
. "See, Spencer!" she cried. "There
is lima. in the third carriage with her
mother. How pale and tired she
looks! .* Ah; now she sees us and is
smiling." And Laura waved her
handkerchief in true British fashion,
as the beautiful maid-of-honor kissed
her hand toward th"e window. Then
the Russian ladles passed out of sight
into the building, leaving Laura to
speculate as to which of the officers
who followed could be Boris Du
browski. Spencer did not attempt to
aid her. 1 but he made a shrewd guess
that lima Vaftsili's fiance was the tall
young guardsman who descended from
one of the rear carriages, accompanied
by Volborth' in proprla persona.
The morning was taken up by the
inevitable military., spectacle, and it
was not till; the Tsar and Tsarina had
returned fro ¦- seeing the - Kaiser
march his merry men about at Gan
dau that lima was free to join her
English friend in the Von Lindbergr
mansion. Affectionate as was .the
greeting on both sides Laura was
vaguely disappointed. The Russian girl
seemed different, somehow, from the
sparkling and Interested foreigner
whom it had been a delight to initiate
in the mysteries of a London season,
and afterward _to entertain among. the
glens of Blairgeldie. There was an air
of . reserve and repression about her
which was quite new, and the last per
son about whom she was disposed to
talk was Boris Dubrowski.
"I am dying to see him," said Laura
enthusiastically. "I have pictured him
to myself so many times, but always
as the brave true-hearted gentleman
you would choose. lima."
"Yes, I think that Boris is physi
cally brave. That is a quality which
is born in' most men. They cannot
• She was awakened by the blare of
trumpets and the roll cf drums, as the
Westphalian Hussars, who were to
form the escort, rode by on their way
to the station. While dressing as
quickly as possible, she debated with
herself whether she should tell Fortes*
cue of the event of the night, and she
decided in the affirmative.
"It's more than likely that Herr
Winckel will tell him— on the strict q.
t., for. I believe the' ol<J boy is to be
trusted," she said to herself. "Any
how, I won't have any secrets from
Spencar."
And an hour later, when Fortescue
called / to view the arrival from the
Baroness' windows, and gave her an
extra pressure of the hand, she guessed
that he had heard of her doings al
ready. As a matter of fact, he came
straight from breakfasting with Vol
borth, who had now discarded his dis
guise, In order to rejoin the suite at the
station, and he had listened to what
his friend had to* tell him of Laura's
discovery with mingled feelings. Proud
and pleased as he was that she had
shown such unconscious courage, he
was annoyed that her devotion 6hould
have defeated its own object. All he
could hone for was that she would
never know it.
was on that- account that he had
watched the house, intending to gain
admission for the purpose uZ search on
the first sign of life tn the morning.
What had happened under cover of the
night was better .luck than he could
have hoped for, as had he made the dis
covery himself In the light of day it
would have been almost Impossible to
keep it secret. Yet, with Laura Met
calf's truthful eye's thanking him, the
advantage, which none, the less he
meant to use ruthlessly, palled on him.
. "It is jiot the blace for gombliments,"
he said, simulating a Teutonic rude
ness. "Of this box I shall dispose, if
you will make light for me the stairs
with the gandle."
The 'Journey to the front door was
safely performed, Volborth carrying the
portmanteau. When he had passed in
to the shadows of the deserted street,
after assuring her of his discretion,
Laura replaced the fastenings and re
turned to her room. In ten minutes
she was sound asleep, dreaming of a
gorgeous e'eremony in which lima Vas
slll was led to the altar by an Impos
sibly handsome officer In a uniform o'f
sables and astrakhan. •
"How's that for tact? Shan't I make
an Al embassadress?" cried . Laura.
turning to the others when the door had
closed on him. But only her mother
heard her, for Forteacue was speaking
in a low tone to the Baroness; who had
just rung for a servant.
"Two portmanteaus, I think you
said? Thank you. It may be as well
to verify their departure," was his
comment, wholly incomprehensible to
the Baronass, on her reply to his ques
tion. And he stationed himself at a
window, whence a few minutes later he
watched the American superintending
the bestowal of his two portmanteaus
in the cab which had been summoned.
\t the same time he caught a glimpse
t Inspector Melton, driving slowly by
\ ' a second cab which quickened its
pace in pursuit as the first, bearing De
laval, drove away.
"Good! He will be well looked after,
but it will .be only fatr to*Vo!borth to
post him on what has happened." said
Fortescue to himself, as he turnedMo
make himself agreeable . to the ladies.
But as Eoon as he conveniently could
he took his leave and retraced his steps
to the hotel. Volborth, however, had
not returned, and he sat down to wait,
after ascertaining that "Herr Winckel"
had engaged a room and was expected
back to dinner. '¦<'V-V r
"Pray, don't eay another word; I
wouldn't discommode ladles to double
my dollars," the Amerlpan replied. "If
the Baroness will kindly. have a cab
called, I guess I'll clear in a brace of
shakes. I don't think a tall heap of
your reasons for asking me to quit, but
that don't count. I am sorry to have
intruded, and I bid you all good-day."
Fortescue. watching closely, had no
ticed a change come over Delaval's
countenance as he understood what
was lequired of him. The smile re
mained, but the danger signal had dis
appeared, leaving only an 'amused tol
erance for girlish Ignorance. The
young attache was puzzled by this ob
vious scoundrel's freedom from annoy
ance at an enforced change of pro
gramme.
"Well, then," proceeded Laura, "you
arc probably aware that he is to marry
Mademoiselle Vassili. She is my dear
est friend, and naturally I take a great
interest in her future husband. I have
been told by an experienced person — a
person of the greatest experience In the
world" (Delava! here transferred his
srin to Fortescue, with a touch of in
quiry), "that he will get into trouble
if you stay here on the strength of his
acquaintance. Of course. It's only silly
Russian twaddle, but there's no Retting
away frc-m it. It's horrid to have to
ask you — epeclally a friend of his, you'
know— but couldn't you relieve us of
your— of our anxieties, I mean? There's
the Goldne Gans, or they might take
you in at the Nord."
"Boris and I are like brothers," was
the reply, uttered with no relaxation of
the previous manner.
"'I reckon you've no call to do that.
Miss. Colonel Delaval stands right
here — at your service," said a voice at
the door, and amid gasps from the two
elder ladies, Laura turned to face the
subject of her uneasiness. Fortescue
did not move a muscle, but he held
himself in readiness. There was an
ugly grin on the man's face which he
did not like. The American looked as If
he expected trouble and was prepared
to mett it with bravado and perhaps
violence. It was the grin of a savage
uog threatened with the stick by a
stranger.
But Laura was too intent on her pur
pose tv heed his looks. She meant to
pet rid of him— civilly if she could; If
not. as she mentally told herself, "he
must hav«» the other thing."
She began sweetly enough: "Oh, how
do you do, Colonel Delaval. You are a
friend of Captain Boris Dubrowski, are
you not?"
ing to his lug-gage, which has Ju6t come
from the station on a handcart. He
ha? brought two great portmanteaus,
and must mean to stay a month." . '
"He won't stay a single hour," sajd
Mits Metcalf with decision. "Forgive
me. Baroness, but I brought this on
you. and I am poing to get you out of
it. Will you kindly ring at once and
send for Colonel Delaval."
ile Is now upstairs, attend-
•'I firid that I have done the most
dreadful thing, dear Baroness,"- she
cried. "You mustn't on any account
allow that American to stay in your
house on the strength of Captain Du
browski's name, or the captain will be
in An awful pickle. It is quite on the
cards that the man' is an impostor, or
something worse, and I ought never to
have persuaded you to take him in."
The Bareness — a faded lady with
lymphatic blue eyes and a nervous af
fection that wag almost St. Vitus*
dance— started up in much trepidation.
"But he has already arrived!" ehe ex-
to see that the American was not lost
sight of— wherever he might go after
failing at Breslau.
In such haste was Laura Metcalf to
withdraw her indorsement of Delaval
that they were soon at <he door of the
Von Lindberg mansion — an old six
teenth-century building Hush with the
strct-t. and nestling against the more
imposing structure in which the impe
rial visitors were to bo lodged on the
morrow. Fortescue followed to the
urawlng-room. where Lady Metcalf and
her hostess were sitting, but on hla
bejrJnrinisj to pay his respects to the
Baroness, with whom he was already
acquainted, Laura's impetuosity cut
him short.
young lady in the pretty pink dressing
gown had asked him to help her down
stairs with a box of millinery she could
not have shown less excitement.
"There is an infernal machine in the
chimney against the Stadthaus wall,
and I can't get it down," she began.
"If you will come up— you must take
care- not to wake anybody — perhaps
you will be more successful. Your arms
are longer than mine." * . ¦ <
"Ach! then yourself have tried?"
said Voiborth, nearly forgetting his
German-English In admiration. "How
know you the machine to be Infernal?"
"Well, people don't shove portman
teaus with clocks in them up chimneys
for nothing— when . there's a big-wig*
like the Tsar putting up on the other
side.".' said Laura. "I have seen and
touched it, I tell you."
"But this is an affair of the police.
Why 1 you not them, call?"
"Yes, you have a right to ask. but it's
wasting a lot of time." sighed Laura.
"Because it must be kept dark, Herr
Winckel." she went on emphatically.
"Russians are perfect beasts— all except
one, possibly two— and for the sake of
those two I want to prevent, any nasty
-weaka of - Russian spies from poking
their noses into the business. The man
who put the portmanteau there 8fot into'
the house by using the name of an offi
cer who is engaged to my dearest
friend. Why, you heard rne telling
Spencer this afternoon. There would
be the dickens to pay for Boris Du
browski if the Russian autnoritles fer
reted it all out." . \
"Ach, yes, and I am to help you place
on the ferrets a muzzle," said Volborth
with a*> grim smile curling the corners
of his mouth. "Lead on, Miss Metcalf.
I come with you."
No more words passed between them
till they stood before the fireplace in
Delaval's room, when Volborth took
the candle from her- and waited.
"Well, why don't you go on?" said
Lawa. "Don't tell me you're going to
funk, there's a dettr soul."
* "Yes, I vunk, as you call him, for
you," replied Volborth, wondering If all
English girls were cast in this. mold.
"You to the end of the house must go—
var away. " There may be accident.".
For" the first time Laura showed ex
citement, and it took the form of
righteous indignation. "That's all torn
my!" she said, relapsing into her best
emotional slang. "Do you think I've
brought a nice old gentleman like you
into a job of this kind to let you stand
the racket by yourself? You may want
a hand. Besides, if that thing bursts I
expect it will be as bad at one end of
the house as the other." \
She had raised her voice a little, or it
is probable that Volborth would have
protested further. 'But for his own
very different reasons he was as anx
ious as she was to remove the portman
teau secretly,' and 'he feared that an
"argument with a lady of such spirit
might arouse some light sleeper*. Turn
lnsr awny. he imperceptibly . crossed
himself and tackled his
* For five minutes little else was to be
seen of him but his back and legs and
his left hand holding the candle. Laura
remained by the bed. watching him.
At last his body was very still, but af
ter a while it began to sway, then to
sink downward, and one shoulder re
appeared." At this moment she heard
him say—
"Take the candle. It is coming down.
I want both hands." >
She flew to his assistance, and gin
gerly and inch by Inch he steered the
heavy package down into the grate. To
lift it thence on to the hearth rug was
comparatively easy. Neither* of the
strangely assorted pair spoke a word,
for each knew .how much depended on
the next few seconds. Volborth pro
duced a bunch of master-keys, and, the
lock being of common make, he. raised
the Hd at the third attempt, showing
the interior to be divided into a large
and a small compartment. In the lat
ter the "works" of an American clock
were .ticking merrily in connection with'
a percussion attachment; the larger
compartment was closely packed with
squares of an opaque substance.
Still* in silence, Vilborth, after a keen
scrutiny, placed, his thumb under the
percussion hammer, and with his other
hand violently wrenched the mechan
ism out of gear, with the result that
the hammer fell limp and harmless on
his thumb. "The spring-power being
thus rendered useless, he removed the
clockwork and shut down the lid, ris
ing immediately, to face Laura with a
smile of triumph. Now that the strain
was over there were tears in her eyes.
"Herr Winckel, I should like; to kiss
you," she said simply, thereby occa
sioning Volborth one of the few
morseful pangs he had ever felt. He
hated to think that the effect of his
"assistance" would really be to thwart
the very object which had prompted his
fearless comrade In that deadly peril to ;
call him to her aid. For, the moment
he had heard from Fortescue^ with
whom he had dined, of Delaval's" will
in? departure, he had suspected that
some crime had been- prepared -which
would renew his grip on Dubrowski. It
The absence of a clock she had^al
ready noticed, but she verified it by an
other tour round the furniture, and
then stood still again, to listen. There
•was no doubt about It— somewhere
within a few feet of her clockwork was
in motion. In that deathly stillness the
regular tick-tack was distinctly audi
ble, though in the day, time, with the
traffic rolling outside, It would have
passed unnoticed. So dull and muffled
was the sound that it was only- by
changing, her position several times
that she was at all able to locate its
direction, and when she did fix the spot
where she heard It loudest there was
nothing to account for it. If there
could be such a thing as the ghost of a
clock she would have imagined^ that
thfere was one ticking spectrally o'n the
mantelpiece over the great cavernous
fireplace.
And then a. flash of enlightenment
came to her. The clock was up . the
"Mother is a little 6tnrchy to-night,
but she'll be all right by morning. And
as for Spencer, I suppose he's worrying
round with some of those German po
tentates. He will get on— that youth
— If he sticks to business so tight."
Having thus summed uj> the deficien
cies of the evening, Laura dismissed^
them from her mind, and, exchanging*
her dinner dress for a dressing-gown,
sat down for half an hour ever a novel
before getting into bed. The name of
that author., so far as these records are
concerned, has not been preserved," but
he would be a proud man did he know
that he was the direct cause of this
particular "dear reader" getting her
chance as a very practical sort of
heroine.
So absorbing was the book that the
half hour was multiplied by four be
fore Laura put it down— to find that it
was past twelve, and also that she was
singularly wakeful. Whether it was
that the exciting incidents in the novel
had fired her imagination, or that some
hidden power was leading this plain
spoken, open-hearted English girl into
the thick of as dangerous a plot as was
ever hatched in Europe, the effect was
the same. She fell to thinking — collo
quially, as was her habit — of ' # 'the Yank
whom she had chucked out," and from
thinking she gut to wondering whether
he might not really have been "up to
no food."
"He didn't look like a nice man, yet
he took'hlB gruel very kindly," she
mused. "It almost seemed as if he
didn't mind going a bit. Can it have
been because he had done the trick,
whatever it was. already, and was glad
of the reason for getting away? Per
haps I saved him from having to hatch
up an excuse of his uun."
And then she recalled the unwonted
gravity of Fortescue's manner toward
her when he suggested the possible re
sults of allowing Delaval to remain at
the Von Lindberg mansion. .
•' 'Leaving aside the question of out
rages.' were the words with which
Spencer began his homily," she said
to herself. "That's diplomatic .for
meaning that an outrage was just what
he expected, for my coming embasBa
dor simply reeks of caution. Let me
see; the Yank was alone In his bed
room for over half an hour. I think
I'll have a private Guy Faux inspection
before I go to bed."
Quietly opening the door, she stepped
out into the pasage and stood listening.
Not a sound was to be heard, and be
yond the range of the wax candle
which she had taken from her dressing
table everything was in darkness. The
house was en oblong block, with no
intricate windings, and she knew just
where to find the room that had been
Allotted to the American— at the end
of the passage farthest from her own.
With Laura Metcalf to decide was to
act. and half a minute later she stood
in the center of Colonel Delaval's de
serted apartment, ' holding her candle
high over her head.
After the first glance round, which
revealed nothing but ancient furniture,
faded hangings, and a huge canopied
bed, Laura nearly laughed aloud at the
thought that she really did not know
what she had expected to, find. The
room had evidently been tidied up since
its brief occupation. This was an oper
ation which the temporary guest would
certainly have foreseen, and however
sinister his designs, he would hardly
have left what Laura thought of as
"gunpowder and things" strewn about
to be swept upby the impending house
maid. It did not appear that, he had
left so much as a hairbrush. The wall
adjoining the Tsar's lodgings was sol
idly* intact, and obviously no attempt
had been made to burrow through the
gloomy fireplace in the middle of it.
. Having come so far, Laura was not
the girl to go back Without a thorough
search, and it was not till she had
k;oked under the bed, opened a worm
eaten clothes press, and tried all the
drawers that she stood taking a last
look round preparatory to departure.
And then, suddenly, in the stillness, of
the night, an unexplained sound fell up
on her ears. Somewhere close at hand
a clock was ticking faintly, yet in the
room no timepiece of any kind, was
visible.
The culprit herself, conscious of hav
ing "done her best to get Ilma's young
man out of the scrape," entered her
bedroom with a cheery smile at the
prospect of seeing her beautiful Rus
sian friend, if only for a few minutes,
on the morrow. Her health nnd tem
per were too sound to let her trouble
about Lady Metcalf's frigid looks, and
having no nerves to speak of herseif
she had failed to notice the shaken
ct-ndltion of her hostess. She was a
little disappointed that her lover had
not looked in to coffee, as he had half
promised, but even on that score ¦ her
mental balance was proof against irri
tation.
ter in dealing with the supposed Amer-*
lean millionaire. ' It savored a little too
much of free-and-easiness to suit old
fashioned no-lions. And the Baroness,
though too fond of Laura, whom she
had known from childhood, to be of
fended, had received an unpleasant
shock to her nerves.
"What on earth can he be doing
there?" she murmured. "He must be
using the lamp post as a stepping*
stone to his hotel after dining too
freely, I fear. But no! He is- sober
enough; he has seen me, and Is looking
up at the window... If only I felt sure
that he was to be trusted."
- She drew back a little, remembering
that her candle made her as visible to
the man below as he was to her. Then
with a quick impulse she went forward
again and beckoned, pointing to the.
front door, and trying to indicate that
she was coming down. Her gesture
was acknowledged with a nod, and as
she disappeared from the window she
saw'the midnight lounger quit his post
of vantage. Two minutes later, after a
struggle — as silent as she could make it
—with the Baroness' bolts and bars,
Laura wan facing "Herr Winckel" on
the doorstep.
"If you are real friends with Mr. For
tescue I want your help," she whis
pered. "It's nothing to do with him,
but I'm engaged to him, you know, and
if you do me a good turn you do him
one, eh?"
"To serve Mr. Fordescue will only
lees bleasure be than to- serve his brom-
Ised wife," replied Volborth.
"Come in, then, and step softly," she
whispered, closing the door, and lead
ing him Into the dining-room, where
she inspected him critically by the light
of her candle. "I think you are strong
enough," she said, "but how about your
pluck? I hope you are very brave."
"You try me and see.. Germans is not
gowards," replied Volborth, tapping his
chest.
There was something quietly assured
in the tone which, desuite his elderly
make-up and fantastic English, won the
girl's confidence, and she proceeded to
take him at his word. It is doubtful if
in all' the great police agent's experi
ence he ever heard a communication
that so astonished him. The revelation
itself, though he .was on the lookout for
something of the kind, was sufficiently
startling, but it was the manner in
which it was made that nearly took his
breath away. If this ! self-possessed
German friend,
Laura's first instinct crn rising was to
alarm the house and leave the respon-.
sibility of subsequent action with the
Baroness von Lindberg, whose plain
course W would be* to send for the police
arid have the ominous obstruction're
moved from the chimney before the
Tsar's arrival next door. This duty
the police would be sure to supplement
by diligent inquiries after the Baron
ess's late guest,— and Laura at once
grasped the .terrible significance which
her discovery, would have for Ilma.Vas-
Kili. In. self-pfotefiUon.' if not for the
sake of truth aha justice, the Baroness
would have to say: that Delaval gained
access to. the house as a professed
friend of Boris' Dubrowski. •
"That will never do," she thought.
"I must get # 1he. thing down myself
rather than that. Perhaps I could take
out the works and smuggle it away—
after making it harmless."
She sank down on her knees again
and thrust her hand up the chimney,
but though she could just touch the end
of the portmanteau her arnv was not
long enough to get a grip on the thong
handle at the lower end.
Once more she rose, this time nearly
in despair. At . the same time the
cathedral clock led off the concert of
chimes from Breslau's many churches
announcing the hour of 1. In eight
hours the Tsar and Tsarina wcruld be
refreshing themselves after their long
journey on the other side of the wall;
"I will not have, the police called,
but I must have help," she told herself.
"It's a case for bribery and corruption,
but whom can I find to corrupt at this
time of night? I cannot fetch Spencer
Uj help me. Hie career in the public
service would be< ruined if s he- were
mixed up in this.' Besides, the thing
might ro off."
She walked, abstractedly to the win
dow, and drawing aside the curtain
looked down into the silent street. The
roadway was quite deserted, and the
only pedestrian in sight on tha pave
ment was one of the guardians of the
peace whom she wished to avoid. Stay,
though! Surely! There was a man lean
ing against the pedestal of the nearest
of the gas clusters In front of the Stad
thuus, and he was watching the Von
Lindberg mansion. Even as she, looked
he turned his head a little, and the rays
from one of the lamps. falling full' on
his face she recognized him at orice as
"Herr Winckel," Spencer Fortescue's
chimney! For the first time in, her life
her. knees trembled a- little — not at the
quick suggestion of an infernal machine
but at the sudden importance her* mid
night excursion had really assumed.
The feeling did not: deter her ' from
prompt action. In a moment she was
kneeling before the grate and peering
up the chimney by the light of her can
die at a portmanteau, a size smaller
than those \yhich Delaval had taken
away, jammed .about three -feet up.
Louder ar.d clearer now she could hear
the .ticking— undoubtedly from the in
terior of the portmanteau..
Ilma's face showed first alarm, then
grateful affection aa she heard of the
American's departure at the Instance
of her friend. But before she could
put the feeling into words a tall
young officer came slashing: round a
corner from a side street, nearly run
ning into them. On seeing lima h<=>
half drew back. then, perceiving that
she was accompanied, he raised his
hand in salute and essayed a smile.
"This Is the brave, true-hearted
gentleman. Laura," said lima, speak
ing In French, and with a hard ring in
her voice. "Let me introduce to you
Captain Boris Dubrowski of the Imper
rial Guard. Boris, this is my dear
friend Miss Metcalf, of whom I think
you .have heard. You have to thank
her for a great service, about which
she was telling me when you came
up."
• "Indeed! I render a thousand
thanks. Miss Metcalf, In advance,"
said Boris courteously, addfng, as he
walked on beside the girls: "Is it per
mitted to inquire in what way I am
indebted to you?"
Once more Laura related what she
had Just told lima, again going no
further than Delaval's use of Du
browski's name. She was glad of the
chance, for, as she told Fortescue af
terward, she was beginning to sus
pect a "nigger in the fence," and she
was curious to know whether the
American had any real title to claim
acquaintance with the Tsar's aide de
camp..
"Delaval? Delaval?'* he repeated,
tapping his forehead. "I never heard
the "nam«. and certainly, do not know
the, man. He must have been an im
postor, with some base design. I can
not thank yotv sufficiently. Miss Met
calf, for saving me from consequences
which might have resulted from no
fault of mine."
It was Laura's turn to be puzzled —
at a scornful smile hoveringr round II
ma's classic mouth— but ahe merely
made light of her dealings . with the
American, and tried to stop the effu
sive thanks which, however. Boris
continued to shower upon her. Sud
denly, as they were passing the post
office, he came to a halt, saying that
he had to call for a letter, but that if
they would excuse him for a minute
he would esteem it the highest of
honors to escort Miss Metcalf home.
Still bent on keeping up appear
ances, lima, replied that they would
wait, and In a little over the time
specified he was seen coming out. re
placing in its envelope a letter which
he had been reading. But his manner
and even his looks had changed en
tirely. (Continued nest Sunday.)
help it any more than dogs can help
being brave and" — after a pause
"faithful," was the strange reply.
With characteristic promptness
Laura changed the subject, and pres
ently suggested that they should take
a walk in the town. So, lima assent
ing readily, they explored- the prome
nnde on the old city walls, admired
the view from the Victory Belvedere,
and criticized the snops in the
Shweldnitxstrasse together, till lima
regained much of her gracious charm
under the influence of her compan
ion's infectioua vivacity. By the time
they turned homeward lima was so
much like her old self that Laura told
her of Delaval's attempt to uss Du
browiki's name as an introduction,
saying, however, nothing about the.
dlscovery of the infernal machine.
"Spencer thought the Tsar might
chop oft your captain's head if It
leaked out that he was being used a*
a reference, so I gave the Yankee hia
marchinp orders," she concluded.
«• -- • • — e
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY. CALL.
The Imperial Russian visitors were
due to arrive at Breslau at 9 o'clock on
the following morning, and in order to
be up betimes and enjoy the advantage
which their windows gave them of
viewing the spectacle the Baroness von
Lindberg and her guests retired early.
Truth to Fay, the three women spent
rather a dull evening, for Lady Met
calf, who was a stickler for the pro
prieties, was not overpleased with the
part played by her headstrong daugh-
"LEFT LUGGAGE."
CHAPTER VI.
ON the front page of The Sunday
Call to-day is reproduced a pic-
ture of Miss Ruby Sessions,
wh*h thought was painted
from life by Laura Prather of Oakland
shortly before Miss Session's sudden
and unfortunate death nearly two
years ago! wag placed on view in. the
last spring* exhibition of the Hopkins
Art Association, Just closed, and at-
,rac. rf more than ju*» Sfc
Miss Sessions, who was the only
daughter of the well-known attorney,
David R. Sessions, claims adjuster of
the . Southern Pacific " Company,' was
one of the cleverest and most popular
belles of the younger set In California
society, an extremely winsome and at
0^:}^',^ 0 *f, d * *****
Z^^^Zs^^
nerself and her famIly were mak lng
preparations to entertain extensively
when she was taken suddenly ill and
died quite unexpectedly. /
It was just at the time she was pre-
Paring for her formal debut that the
£<£™b y *C" £a^ *g»& ™!
cacy of treatment and artistic finish
was considered one of the prettiest ever
made bv that talented artist. It is for
that reason that the picture is r,eprb
duced this week in The Sunday Call.
4
JOB ROSENBERG'S.
Mothers
Here's Something
FOR THE =
Little Ones
It is an everlasting hose.
Made of XX twisted English
thread, stainless and sanitary
dyed, extra twisted thread on
the heels, toes and knees.
We excel in hosiery— that's
what economical mothers sav.
And we are positive you will
say the same when you try
them. In lifcht, medium and
heavy weight. Small and 0C rt
large sizes. C DC
Joe Rosenberg's
The Home of
Good Hos!ery
8:6 Karfcit St. . II O'Firrel! St.
MAH OBSBX8 8OUCXTES.Marginalia-
Notes on Other Books
A S If with the gentle Thoreau, dean
J^ of the woods, wandering again
in the forest at Walden.J. Horace
McFarland can say: "Sympathy .with
the fluttering alder and poplar leaves
almost takes away my breath." For
in his book, "Getting Acquainted >Wlth
the Trees," this latest disciple of the
great nature lover approaches the high
throne of nature's sublimest manifest^
ation with all the reverence and pure
love in his heart that was Thoreau'sl
Disclaiming any "proficiency in mere
The Beauties
Found in the Trees.
TTJkDGAR STANTON MACLAY, the
g~} historian who played ducks and
drakes with the ¦Navy Depart
ment in his" "History of the American
Navy" a few- years back, has instituted
a laudable search into the archives of
the long ago with a view to bringing
Into' tardy recognition the nameless he
roes'of the early American navy. .As
the first fruits of his labors Maclay
offers for our consideration . and appro
bation the record of one Moses Brown,
a dougthy sea captain of old Newbury
port, Conn"., who turned privateer '.. in.
the War of the Revolution and fought
two engagements with British ships
without one mention of the deeds ap
pearing in the official records of the
navy office. Maclay sets forth In this
"Moses Brown, Captain, U. S. N.," with
no uncertain phrases his opinion that
the object of ( his sketch has been de
spitefully treated* 1 by a capricious fate
that could allow his .achievements '. to
pass thus unheralded for these, hundred
and more ot years.. He therefore pro
ceeds to make amends for the lapse of
niggardly, history by cracking; up
Moses Brown for about as much as the
facts he works on will permit.
It seems that the dereliction Von the
part of history or the youthful navy
office. of the Government's explainable
In" this wise: When, as commander of
the General Arnold of twenty guns,
Privateer Moses Brown met '• and de
feated.two English cruisers, any rec
ords of the engagements that he might
have kept were lost by 'the unfortunate
capture of Brown himself shortly, after
the second' victory. 1 If : he "reported 'to
the owner of the General Arnold his
A Naval Hero
Receives Tardy Dues.
KINDLY LIGHT — Florence M.
Kingsley; Henry Altemus Company,
Philadelphia; price 50 cents.
WHAT HANDWRITING INDI
CATES—John Rexford; G. P. Putnam's
Sons, New York; illustrated; $1 25.
HOW TO LIVE FOREVER— Harry
Gaze; Stockham 'Publishing Company,
Chicago.
HIDALGO AND HOME LIFE AT
WEST LAWN— R. A. McCracken; M.
A. Donohue & Co., Chicago; Illustrated;
price $1.
THE ALASKA BOUNDARY—Pro
fessor George Davidson; Alaska Pack
ers' Association. San Francisco.
DIRECTORY OF THE AMERICAN
PRESS— Compiled and published by
Lord & Thomas, Chicago.
BLUE AND . GOLD— Published by
the class of '05 at tbe University of
California.
CALIFORNIA EDUCATIONAI* DI
RECTORY— Complied and published
by the California Educational Direc
tory Company. Sacramento.
THE VILLA CLAUDIA— John Ames
Mitchell; Life Publishing Company,
New York; illustrated.
UNCLE MAC'S NEBRASKY—Wil
liam R. Lelghton; Henry Holt & Co.,
New York;, price $1 23. jgfttj
THE FOLLY OF OTHERS— Neith
Boyce; Fox, Duffleld & Co., New York;
Illustrated;. price $1.
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY; A
HISTORY OF ITS FIFTY YEARS*
EXISTENCE— Francis Curtis; G. P.
Putnam's ' Sons, New York; two vol
umes; price $8.
THE HOLY GRAIL— Sylvester Bax
ter; Curtis & Cameron, Boston; price
$1 SO.
THE KFFENDI— Florence Brooks
Whltehouse; Little. Brown & Co., Boa
ton; illustrated; price $1 CO.
ANNA, THE ADVENTURESS— E.
Phillips Oppenhelm; Little, Brown A
Co.. Boston; Illustrated; price $1 50.
New Books Received
//^THB GRAFTERS." Francis
£ Lynde's novel of the strenuous
life in backdoor politics, hums
with actlpn all through, like telegraph
wires in a gale of wind. It Is clang
ing, rattling action of the sort that puts
one's nerves to the tension and makes a
gallop the only admissible speed of lo
comotion through the reading. The des
tinies of railroads, the lives of boom,
towns, the fortunes of oil* wells, of a
6tat» government, and* incidentally of
various interesting individuals, are hur
ried along at a rattling rate In this re
markably interesting story of Lynde's.
The boom and the whirr of train, tele
graph, automobile and ticker, the strain
and the nerve-racking of the characters
swept Into the whirl of the story and
the kaleidoscopic flitting of scene on
scene all make for an atmosphere . of
breathless suspense, which acts very
much like a galvanic shock upon the
flaccid nerves of the inveterate book
worm. Were Mr. Lynde's story better
written in parts it might N be allowed a
place weir up near "The Pit."
The author is far happier in plot con
struction than In the outlining of his
characters. Relying, upon the great
public's Insatiable appetite for all that
lies hidden "on the inside" of politics,
great business deals or the daring
movements of corporations, Lynde has
woven an intricate web in the loom of
modern; activities of which the four re
taining posts are .railroad deals, oil
stocks, boom realtv bubbles and cor
rupt State administration. Gathering
all the threads about the machinations
of a gang of "grafters" dominating the
administrative and judicial functions of
a hypothetical Western commonwealth
and the efforts of an idealized Attorney
Foulkft' to break that ring, the author
has worked out a ' plot scheme which
must commend itself for, Its very Inge
nuity. This, though, with one reserva'
tion—in places the author Jumps | from
one complication to another with a sud
denness and a lack of explanation,
made Imperative by the .» untutored
mind of his reader,' which often Induces
no small degree of - confusion In the
mind pt the one who. follows him. .
With all his preliminary succession of
startling incidents,' the author leads up
to* a climax that is mightily powerful,
that exceeds "In clutching breathless
ness anything that Spearman or Cy
"The Grafters";
Lynde's Strong Novel.
to grace a park, or a' city's boulevard,
are. subjects of McFar land's sketches.
With the maple in all its forms and
hues., the oak, the pine, the alder and
willow, the author treats as If he were
pointing out the beauties of some
Greek temple. The tracery of leaf
and silkiness of blossom, rough hardi
ness of trunk and graceful set of
branch all have an appeal to him. To
his text he has added the further tes
timony of the, camera, so that one
cannot lay the book aside without a
compelling sense of the grandeur and
beauty that may be seen in the woods
by every man, does he 'but care to
look.
(The Outlook Publishing Company,
New York; price $175.)
- * . -
G. W.Dilllnghara <fc Co. of New York
have published two little works of at
tempted humor— "Twisted History," by
Frank C. Voorhies, and "The Theatri
cal Primer." by H. A. Vivian. Both
fall quite flat. "Twisted History" deals
with our early colonial chronicles after
the manner of Bill Nye's history of the
United States, but the form of the book
alone is Nye's — the humor would not
pass current on a vaudeville stage.
The story is couched, furthermore, in
very poor slang — not a factor to add to
the book's worth. "The Theatrical
Primer" Is a succession of dreary at
tempts at the George Ade thins; in
slang fables. It Is dreary dull.
J2REMIAH LYNCH, San Frarfcisco
clubman, traveler and litterateur,
has had published in London
"Three Years in the Klondike," a.rec
ord of his experiences in the frozen
gold fields of Alaska. Apart from
the personal Interest that must be
attached, to the book by the
many friends of Mr. Lynch here in
San Francisco, the widespread curioa
lty concerning the bleak white land of
the Yukon which still obtains in every
quarter will make this lively Journal of
life and adventure there a book of
large demand. So much has been writ
ten of the Klondike that Is the hasty
and scrappy report of flitting Journal
ists or disappointed argonauts and so
many have been the tales of exagger
ated coloring and false deductions that
this story of Lynch's, vivid almost to
photographic completeness, is truly a
book worth reading with more than a
cursory glance.
The author, whose earlier sketch
book of Egypt proves him to be a trav
eler with a ready eye for^Very detail,
has also the power of reproducing the
whole atmosphere of bis surroundings
without the semblance of effort. Daw
son City has been described and photo
graphed until its superficial aspect is
almost as familiar as that of Chicago
or New York, but the unique current
of life and action that sweeps through
the mines and this central post of all
the feverish endeavor up there has
proved a thine more elusive of faithful
reproduction. In his book, written sim
ply and with no attempt at any rhe
torical pyrotechnics, Lynch has made
his chief task that of portraying line
for line all the significance that lies
hidden under the outer cloak of sweat
and toll, the sudden ecstasy of great
wealth, the cold despair of failure. It
is in this that his book is really power-
U The author left San Francisco for
Dawson in June, 1898-the very height
of the early rush! Reaching his desti
nation by way of the long Yukon voy
age. Lynch found the outlook some
what dispiriting. "Go back, go back,"
had been the cry of all the dejected ar
gonauts whom he ¦ had hailed on the
voyage ud the Yukon and "go back"
seemed to be written large across the
face of the 6prawllng town which held
his aspirations for the future. "Drinks
are 50 cents, oranges $1 each,
meals $3 and a cot $2,". says
Lynch. "The dread severity of the
coming winter was ever present to the
mind and the high price of .food and
supplies forbade consolation 'to him
that had a slender purse. There seem' 1
ed to be too many men and too few
mines." But despite the fact that the
poor little German and' his 300-pound
wife from Sacramento never stepped
off the steamer, but went immediately
back to the "outside" again. Lynch,
who bad a good, long stocking of
The Klondike
of the First- .Rush.
•
a SERIES of essays upon books and
J\ book reading by Richard Le Gal
• llenne, which first appeared as
contributions to the monthly. Success,
have now been gathered into well
merited book covers under the title
"How to * Get the Best Out of
Books," and presented In an at
tractive little volume for the bet
ter understanding of all book lovers on
things bookish. Mr. Le Galllenne's
professed design in this book Is not
to overshoot the mark in his attempt
ed setting forth of a guide to good
reading by dipping -too deep Into the
profundities of literature, but to set
the paths for the guidance of the
casual reader and the busy person
whose reading is recreation. For the
man whose tastes or whose opportu
nities have prevented an enjoyment of
the classics, Le Gailienne has no dog
matic-insistence of iteration upon. the
value of such as a sine qua non to a
complete understanding of books, nor
does he attempt' an elaborate analysis
of literary forms which might be con
fusing and profitless to his reader.
"The aim of these simple pages," says
the author, !'has been to convince him
(the business man) that literature Is
a living thing, and that the relation of
books to life Is close and vital— and by
no means ornamental."
To this end the critic proceeds to tell
simply and clearly what to look for
In books, what to find in good poetry,
how an unlettered man may profit by
the books and how he must select his
reading that he may be broader and
more cultured. For the man of affairs
who turns to books to find rest and
pleasure, Le Gailienne would recom
mend only "the play grounds of litera
ture" — nothing heavy, nothing that
cannot be read with sympathy and un
derstanding. One must not hurry
through books upon the excuse that
"there is so much to read," for there
Is for each one only so much as he can
assimilate to his betterment, and by
the same measure, the random reader
must not, advises the author, be led
by "literary superstitions" to attempt
to enter into thorough communion with
a classic just because it is denominated
a classic, whether his understanding
follows or not.
In his general comments upon books
that are readable. Le Galllenne takes
occasion to veer somewhat from his
course in order that he may express his
unqualified condemnation of what he
terms "the offal and butchers' meat" of
the present day tendencies in litera
ture. The manifestation he so roundly
anathematizes is none other than what
William Dean Howells champions
writing life as life Is. This movement
of the realists sadly disconcerts Le
Gailienne and he mourns the fact that
the materialism of the nineteenth cen
-tury has stripped the world of all
sweetness and idealism. , But then,
Le Galllenne is a poet and his views
are but natural.
(Baker & Taylor Co., New York;
price $1 25.) WSj
Le Gailienne
Gives Advice on Books
The House Beautiful continues to be
the standard magazine of reference for
all who have a love for the beautiful
in the home and home surroundings.
This publication seems to be Just in
line with the graining cult— that term
being used In its higher application—
of the appreciation of the severely sim
ple in house architecture and house fur
nishing. What the Society of the Arts
and Crafts is doing in this city and
similar organizations for the applica
tion of handicrafts to the house are
accomplishing elsewhere The House
Beautiful does at large. Its mission
Is to lead in the revolt against tha
sham and shoddy of generally ac
cepted Ideals of home furnishings and
to instruct In the truly esthetic such
as is now coming more and more Into
favor. The May number's leading
articles are: "A Remodeled Home In
the Country," by Virginia Robie; "An
Informal Garden," by H. A. Capam;
"How to Bind Books," from the pen of
Emily Preston, and Oscar L» Triffgs*
"The Meaning of Industrial Art."
money, remained to embark In ths
warehouse business: , ,
Dawson's complete isolation fromth&
world at that time was forcibly . im
pressed upon the author before he had
been there a week. A single newspa
per, containing the news of the battle
of Santiago, drifted into town and its
enterprising owner read it aloud to an
audience who paid $1 a head to gain
admittance to the* hall. When the
mails came In the old postofflce days)
of .San Francisco were reproduced.
Men stood in line for hours; one pai3
$20. for .the privilege of moving neaxes
the window by fifteen. "It brought tbe
big man that much, nearer to. home."
Lynch's comments upon the life at
Dawson are frankly complete. To the
habitues o( % the dance halls, both male
and female, to the gamblers and heavy
drinkers who crowded all Dawson dur
ing the long winter months, he pays
the tribute at least of respectability
and 'restraint Many of the women. be
came the exemplary wives of rich
miners; few of the men allowed the al
lurements of cards and drink to rob
them of all their hard-earned gold.
For the strict preservation of order at
all times Lynch pays high compliment
to the Northwestern Mounted Constab- !
ulary. ' i
One of the most Interesting portion*
of Lynch's book is that devoted to his
account of a winter trip on dog sleighs
through the mines on El Dorado, Hun
ker and Sulphur creeks. His portraits
of Andy Hunker, Nigger Jim. Billy.
Chappell and others of the successful"
gold diggers are capital. Their native
reticence, bred by the solitude in part
and. by* the ever-present suspicion en
gendered by the great game with.for
tune, when^ once broken down, reveals
a rare good nature and open-handed
generosity, as Lynch shows. Cham
pagne. at $20 a bottle and cigars' cost
ing $1 apiece are none too dear when
these men delight to honor a friend
maybe because < they keep an oil can
full of nuggets beneath their bunk.
Even in the midst of a gold, stampede
these men forget their striving when
the dictates of charity ' force them to
render assistance to an unfortunate fel
low miner. "The Arctic pioneers," says
Lynch, "were sometimes selfish, per
haps, as are other men, but always
gallant, generous and chivalrous to a
comrade or stranger in danger or dis
tress."
A portion of Lynch's narrative is de
voted to the recording of his own ' ex
periences as a mine operator, of his
trials and successes. One chapter tells
of the robbery committed by Louis, his
own cook, by which the author was
made $7000 poorer. Another recounts
the details of a murder in the wilder
ness, and the pursuit of the murderers.
All of it is fascinating. Sometimes, it
most be said, Mr. Lynch's diction has
something of the fascinating about It
as well. "The next^day we stopped
two hours for wood-^-and mosquitoes,"
says the author. "The former is cut
by white • men during the winter
months," he adds, leaving the reader
to twist the construction to suit his
own views as to whether the latter
were cut at all, and if so. by whom.
(Arnold, London, publisher; Robert
son, San Francisco, agent; illustrated;
price $2 00.
botanical knowledge, ,wbich might en
able him to attach to his tree friends
lengthy, Latin pseudonyms, nor at
tempting to explain at length the inner
mysteries of exogenous efflorescence,
the writer of this book would have it
only that his readers might see with
him a little further the lines of na
ture's open book; he would point out
to the man, with nature love in his
heart some of the beauties that lie
hidden in leaf and limb. That such
he has done, artistically, sympathetic
ally, one need only read his book to
be assured. •
The common forest trees of the
Eastern.and Southern States, as well
as some of those that have been tamed
battles it must have been verbally, for
the only records of these two brushes
with the English that are extant are
of private nature. From the journal
of Thomas Greele, sailing master in the
General Arnold, the "Narrative of Ig
natius Webber," prize master In the
same ship, and the official report of one
of the,Brltish commanders defeated by
Brown are drawn, then, the authentic
account of . these two unrecorded sesi
fights, corroborating. in part the entries
in Brown's private diary.
With all due honor to the shade, of
Moses Brown and meaning no disre
spect to Historian Maclay, it may be
said that the. latter's record of these
two fights at sea has added no 'great
weight of 'fact to American history.
From Brown's same diary, wherein he
tells how he spent some weeks in
"seeing: the fashions of London" dur
ing the very Drogress of the war and
how he carried fish to this port and salt
'to that when he was not looking for
prizes, it must be deduced that Cap
tain Brown was not the dyed-in-the
wool patriot and sea hero that Maclay
would have him be. but— until Iie^tieV
came' a regular U. S. N. Captain —
rather a good honest Yankee who liked
a fight, maybe, and liked it all the
better if there was a rich prize to be
fought for. ;
, (The Baker & Taylor Company, New
York; illustrated; price $1.25." '
"Social Disease and Marriage," by
Prince A. Morrow, surgeon to the City
Hospital of New York, Is an exhaust
ive and scholarly treatise upon an Im
portant branch of therapeutics, which
has also strong bearing upon certain
aspects of soclologlc questions. The
technical character of the work and
the nature of its subject matter does
not permit of lengthy review beyond
the pages of a medical journal. Lea
Brothers & Co., of Philadelphia are its
publishers.
Warman have written along railroad
lines. The chapter entitled "Relentless
Wheels," which has to do with the
forcible kldnap'ing of Governor Bucks
and his co-conspirators upon a flying
special, hotly kept to its pace by the
Imminent danger of collision from be
hind, is a Dlece of vivid narrative that
owns a remarkable compelling force.
As hinted already, the author's char
acters are not remarkable for any
great Individuality, possibly because
some of them are involved in a wholly
unnecessary love affair, and such folk
are not seen at their best. If Lynde had
left David Kent to his industrious
"busting up" of the capital ring and
not snared him in cupid's meshes along
with the very colorless, very Puritani
cal Elinor Brentwood, David would not
have come perilously near making a
spectacle of himself In the reader's
eyes. Nor does the remarkable young
Penelope, also a party to this love busi
ness, ring true to the note. When will
our dear readers cease to make the
poor writer folk foist a link or so of
hearts Into their otherwise promising
stories?
(The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indian
apolis; illustrated).
boC Jt is good to have imagination
strong enough to reach across far time
and space and hold that man's hand
for a moment as we say: "Slavery is
very dead, bravo, Bovay!" Would that
it had been done with less of bloody
haste and hate, but since we cannot
swear rt could have been done by peace,
patience and persuasion, we must with
a union of triumph and resignation re
joice in the actuality.
An Interesting thing at this time is
the last speech of McKloley, given at
the close of what Curtis has to say. In
that speech a special item for the pres
ent election year is what he has to say
of the tariff. For really the tariff Is
the only vital issue between the two
great parties, except that in a general
way the Democrats claim to be the
champion of the welfare of the masses
as against the privileges of the wealth
intrenched classes, and the Republicans
claim to be the bringerB of practical
prosperity as against mere theories of
what is right. The Issue of free silver
is a dead issue, imperialism is a bug
bear, and as for the negro question,
that no longer divides Republicans and
Democrats.
Other Items of interest in the book
are the telling of how Seward should
rightfully have credit for that famous
"higher law" doctrine; the advice that
civil servants of long experience should
have increased pay; the sole severe
criticism of his party because of Its
failure to build up the merchant ma
rine: the claim that the party .should
have another fifty years of life, and
the summing up of the glories of that
party — what it has done and what it
will do.
(G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York; two
volumes; price $6.) .
Two books upon the practice of med
icine have recently been published. In
a treatise entitled "Self-Cure of Con
sumption." Charles H. Stanley Davis,
M. D.. of the Connecticut State Medi
cal Society undertakes to demonstrate
his theory of how the dread disease
may be conquered without absolute
dependence upon medicinal aids. The
chief reliance, he states, is to be placed
upon the scientific use of air, sunlight.
water, food, rest, exercise, etc. — that
will Improve nutrition and increase the
vital resistance. The object is to in
crease the resistance of the patient, so
as to bring about the arrest of the tu
berculosis process, prevent dreaded
secondary Infection and Induce final
cure. The book is largely devoted to
the open air treatment, and there are
chapters rn diet, exercise, etc., as well
as on the prevention of consumption
and other diseases.
The work Is published by EL B. Treat
& Co., New Tork; Its price. 75 cents.
7BEHI2 art two reasons why
Franc-is Curtis' book, "The Re
jiublican Party," comes out at
an opportune time—one is that
this is the soml-centennlal of that
• party's life and the other that we
ere so close to a fresh popular deci
sion as to whether that party is to re
main in power, and, if so, by what
large majority the victory is to be at
'talned. To those stanch Republicans
who have fully made up their minds
to vote the party ticket the book will
be of value Just as a luxury because'
it is. a recounting by an enthusiastic
lover of that party of a history of the
policy and achievements and glory of
Its half -century of life, and it will be of
much practical use to those who wish
to decide deliberately and wisely on
which sidp of the Bcale they will count
when the two great parties are again
'¦weighed in the balance of public opin
ion. Especially will It be of assist
'ftnee to that multitude of young men
.who will cast their first vote this fall
and who should carefully study both
parties before resolving how they will
' begin to make history both in their
personal lix-es and in the life of the
nation by the casting of their first bal
lots.
The book is a compilation of mat
ter from many sources — newspaper
files, books, histories, encyclopedias,
. letters, with enough of Curtis' own
thought thrown in to weave the ex
tracts well Into a comprehensive and
swiftly comprehendlble whole. It
covers the whole period of the life of
tbe party from its birth in 1854 and is
written so close to date as to give a
good account of the recent isthmian
canal coup. All this is condensed into
•two volumes, the connecting links be
tween the cullings from many sources
¦are well wrought by Mr. Curtis and his
comments are interesting. There are
•many sidelights thrown on facts,
which will make them interesting.
, -.afrwh to even those who are most fa
miliar with the history of the party.
.The work is avowedly partisan and
probably is therefore under far less
obligation to be impartial than would
l»e a book of history of the whole
; country and of all parties.
While there is no unseemly vituper
ation and no over-rude hurling of
blame, yet, to some extent in the text,
ar.d.more between the lines, there can
' be seen a strong dislike of the South
and of the Democratic party. It is
'. perhaps right that there should be euch
books even in this day of balming an-
. "• cjent rounds and building up harmony.
' The only reason for mentioning that
.privilege at its pages is that the dlli
•gent seeker the golden mean of
.all things may know that he should
-'read both this book and some other in
'prder to get mountainrtop views of
- things as wholes. The book should be
•' interesting to the confirmed Democrat
" by giving him a broader view of the
.history ol his country in the very at
tempt to eee that history as it is view
¦ ed by his so long successful oppon
ents. It is worth reading as a history
'of our country aside from Its value
as a party history In that It gives a
special . view of It as It has been so
largely made by the ascendancy, prac
tically complete for half a century, of
the Republicans. They have the pres
tige of long success, have had the op
portunity to make their Ideals Into
deeds, and have initiated certain poli
cies and fully started our country in
certain lines of progress which could
cot be wholly diverged from now even
by a great Democratic victory.
-. - An Interesting Item in the book is the
aocount of the birth of the party. The
.'first chapter starts out with the telling
of what 4s nominally known and per
haps generally accepted as the birth,
namely, when the mass meeting at
Jackson, Michigan, on the 6th of July,
ltM, so resolutely resolved: "We will
co-operate, and be known as the Re
' publican party until the contest be
. ended." A resolve that reads specially
well after we know how heroically It
was made good. But further along In.
the book is another account of the
birth of the party, and this other not
only seems to have the best founda
- tlon for Its claim, but It is a story
which appeals more strikingly to the
natural human love of a tale of human
• glorious achievement. This account
gives credit for the Immediate calling
into powerful life of the Republican
party to one Alvan E. Bovay of RIpon,
Wisconsin, to whose energetic thought
and strong acting out of his thought
the North first responded by that unit
ed action which was needed to make
! scattered desire effective. It's a Huxley
. axiom that all things must have their
humble beginnings, and Bovay began
that mighty Republican party by unit
ing his fellow townsmen— Whigs, Dem
" ocrats and Free Soilers— as a nucleus
against the slave power. He suggest
. ed the name Republican to Horace
..Greeley. and Greeley made It a go by
giving it a good send off In the Tribune
• of June 21. 1S54.
Of course the country has to be In the
mood to reepond to this movement of
Bovay, else he could not have done
it; but, nevertheless, it was a lesson
for all time, attesting to the power of
one man to move the multitudes to do
great deeds. The disunited parties in
th* North were like the water In a
bowl upon a frosty morning and at tbe
crisis point between solidifying or re
maining liquid and incoheslve. At such
a time the right kind of a finger touch
• will make one solid mass of the loose,
unstable water. When the opponents
of slavery In the North were at such a
crisis point Bovay cave tbe finger touch
. which solidified all their sentiments and
all their force. Then.oftiers helped to
hurl the mass which be had made. So
there is a sense in which we can say
that the great deed had been done, and
that Bovay did it. While we read the
Half-Century
of Republican Power.
huntsmen's flock whose words shall be
weighed as true gold. Though not as
piring to the classic distinction of good
Izaak, Theodore S. Van Dyke, the vet
eran devotee of the hunting trail, has
a right strong hold on all followers of
the deer through his book. "The Still-
Hunter," which is now produced In a
new edition after twenty years of
faithful service as the vade-mecum of
.the deer slayer. Where Izaak dis
courses on shady pool and ruffled mill
race. Van Dyke recounts the lore of
the thicket and the wooded glen where
lurk the kmgs of the chase. How to
evolve an ear or a shining flank out of
the puzzle-picture of a leafy copse and
then flre upon it — only to discover oft
times that your, bullet has sped at a
shadow — this and every other one of
the articles of a huntsman's faith are
eet forth by the author In a style that
is as pleasing to the layman as the vet
eran.
(The Macmlllan Company, New
Tork; illustrated: price $1 75.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
JUST as there Is an Izaak Walton,
the patron saint and ¦ father . ad
- vlser of all .good fishermen, so
there is need for a patriarch of the
A GLANCE AT THE BOOKSHELVES
5off. Shut up!"
"Yer loco. Hill," repeated Duck,
gravely, from his perch on a window
sill-
One day Jose whispered again:
"Ramirez — de Jefe de policia, you
sabe? — he put up job. Dese ladrone
captain ees- brother to Ramirez. Sabe?
Ofeecially — what you call — he is, Pres
ident of San Miguel. He get — what
you call — tip-^get put wise — from
dees Ramirez— see ? Some day Ra
mirez will ' come '.here wid police — ¦
have sham battle — we'will be rescue- —
much noise, holler, much credit Ra
mirez — poor insurrectos get blame.
Den RamireS a'n' his brother wink.
Sabe?"
The day became weeks, still Jose's
prophecy did not come true. The cap
tives grew lean and white and hag
gard, and Hill raved at times, with
the' vehemence of a madman.
On day the presfdente, or "chief of
ladrone," as Jose called him, paid
them a visit. He inspected the cell
with pompous complacency. Finally
— he came to Duck, seated on
a window sill and quietly
arranging his wing feathers.
The men saw. the presidente
reach out his fat black hand,
then they heard a yell. The
commotion which * followed
boded no good to Duck. He
had nipped the. chief and
the chief meant to have
satisfaction for a bleed
ing: hand. He struck the
¦,-¦-¦ • . -. • '.•¦¦•.... .- -..¦.- 1 •
* but ' not to hold a dozen prisoners
, comfortably; ,and the Anglo-Saxon
I temperament does not chime ¦ In . with
; prison .walls. Corporal Hill especially
took his' misfortune • to heart. While
the others sat gloomily .on the floor,
' with their" backs " against the v .brick
• walls and -their eyes moodily regard-
Ing the sky beyond their;barred,win
dows, he paced* restlessly "up and
, down ?the earth floor, swearing. : Not
so Jose,' one , of, the native drivers. He
' coiled- himself by the door, closed his
eyes and • listened to \ the guards, who
talked outside the door. They had
believed, him .an .Ilocano, but he
wasn't." He understood Tagalog. Then
one evening he whispered with his
fellow captives.
- '*You see," he said, "dees , not 'in
surrectos'— no— not by . a. good dead.
Dees chumps ees ladrones — what you
call — tief— robbers.- Dees ' place, San
Miguel, is, high v'up an'.not easy to. get
" at. Here dey llf — no can. see." : "
Jose curled up by the j door again.
-wliila Hill raved;- up- and- down.'- , .
..*-•; vij-v ¦¦;>-, -.'-¦. •.-";... ¦ ¦ , : ¦,¦:.¦• .. ., ..,.•-
-THE SAN I FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
else. Only millionaires and corporations
can ' afford ' to tell the brutal j truth to
their customers.' ¦ ' • «v
Andrew's future was now obscured
by a large and lowering cloud. He
had'ltrled ; everything in sight but
journalism, and that was ' out of the
question, because . ; he objected ;. to
working for a living. What he want
ed : was a place where \ he could % rest
between meals and ' make out , bills af
ter supper till he got " sleepy. At this
point -some alleged friend told him
that the ministry was just; the place
for him and. pointed out the tremen
dous salaries that; ministers V receive
for j preaching: once , a week and drink
ing tea and reading poetry: to the la
dles of the church between times. In
sheer desperation? Andrew butted In.
By. dint. of unusual exertion'he man
aged-to drag himself through < a' theo
logical ' seminary. He could . spell \ out
a .little^Greekwith/the aid of a dic
tionary,' and could even recognize ;a
small amount of Hebrew ¦ If he ; ex
amined it closely, atid what he didn't
know; 'about what ; somebody else
thought -about; the* destructive - effects
of higher criticism c .wouldn't -have
made' even a plank in a political plat-,
form.- If 'there is anything " ( smaller
There 'may be elements of-trutluin
the picture of the noble art of •healing
that Andrew drew' i « his • mind, but he
didn't fill- it in enough. > The first day
out of ] the medical college,' where he
had learned the names of most of the,
component parts of the human frame
divine and could take the said frame
to pieces • and put it together again
without leaving out more than half >of
the ': works, • he . ran up against a case
that put him out court without a
chance for a rehearing. A portly dame
wlth'an , enlarged appetite called him In
to straighten out the kinks in her head
after r a. simple .little supper, with fre
quent vinous appendages. % The embry
onic doctor^ being, new, to the business,
advised bromo seltzer and cracked Ice.
The dame' had called him because she
had. thought that, she could -count' on 'a
beginner being diplomatic." Old doctors
sometimes gfelj the . truth " in | moments
of, desperation,' and,- just.to see^ if {they
have l forgotten , the formula,' Andrew's
practlce*"departed on' a ! protracted" Jour
ney up the flume at that particular mo
ment. % Then '; arid ; there !, he \ learned \ the
sad; truth that the principal business of
a doctor is, to tell people they have one
.thing v and : treat them .for; something
be able to lay out a 'contract in such a
manner' that no :; one "can tell what Mt'
means and ' afterward : ; to " demonstrate
that ' It means '^something' entirely dif-'
ferent from what every one supposed.
The only thing that 'Andrew .was right
on was the supposition that a lawyer's
principal occupation Is c'hargrtrig, but In
*hls active practice" he : never seemed to
be able to get that far.
In despair of .ever illuminating the
legal profession perceptibly, .Andrew
decided that he was cut out' for. the
practice of medicine. ' That bore all the
earmarks of an easy graft and that was
what he was 7 looking 1 for. All * that ' a
disciple : of Esculapius - had \ to . do, ac
cording to Andrew's preconception, was
to fit out a reception room with half
.a . dozen - chairs, which would give the
patients lumbkffo j at . the very,; least If
they ever tried to. sit in, them, , and: a
; bunch of ¦ magazines three months ¦ old.
His part -was tomtit in » the ; cubby, hole
at the back and /ask people j what f they
liked; to eat r. ; Then he would tell them
to give it up and take a of: the
I powder . after J each . v meal. . .The \ powder
' t , was I to | keep | them? ; from C finding /out j
.that there wasn't anything, the matter
*| IS name was Andrew, but he
I | didn't seem to be able to con
1 I nect for all that. Names are all
*/ very well In their way, but
sometimes they are too much in the
way. That was the case with Andrew.
His middle name began with a C, but
that is a subject into which it is not
necessary to enter. There's no use in
rubbing it in. The whole sum and sub
stance of the matter was that he was
constantly being reported among the
also rans, if he was fortunate enough
to get away from the post at alL He
was designed origioally for the busy
-world of business, but some one had
blundered, in the original designs and
the result was that Andrew had about
as much business ability as a four
months-old baby in the Congo Free
State.
His idea of the way modern business
was conducted was that the captain of
industry sat at a. rolltop desk. In the
shadow of a pure Havana and sent out
orders to buy steel and sell stock, oc
casionally reversing the process as oc
casion or the nearness of the Presi-,
dential election demanded. This theory
contains a germ of truth to the extent
that there are a few men whose par
ticipation In the manufacture of steel
end other necessaries of life is com
prised In one or the other of these two
activities. What Andrew fell down on
was the fact that the way to the rolltop
desk and the clear Havana lies over
the top of the scrap heap. That was
where Andrew stopped and where' he
was usually found the morning after.
Then he decided to have a try at the
law. It seemed easy, but he was des
tined to discover that it was the clients
and not the profession that are easy.
A lawyer is about the hardest proposi
tion that a poor man ever stacked, up
against. Andrew's idea was that : the
only equipment necessary for the noble
pursuit of Blackstone was an imposing
array of digests and reports bound" in
half calf and a habit of standing with
one foot on the lower rung of the chair
and looking at the ceiling whenever. he
was talking to any one. At least that
seemed to him to be about all that the
majority of lawyers do business with.'
When he butted into the Inner ring
he found that he had been basely de
ceived. While it is true that a lawyer
doesn't need to know an injurious
amount of law he needs to be aware
of a lot of things that are incidental to
! the law Itself. For Instance, he, needs
to know jest how near the edge a man
can go without being pushed over. For
the performance of this , feat .it ' is nec
essary to know. not so much, what; the
law Is as what it is not. Also, he must
jumped at the conclusion that the lit
erary . life was the life for him. That
was five years ago. At the present mo
ment he is sitting In his study smok
ing a thick-waisted Havana and wait
ing for the footman and the butler to
bring In the morning's installment of
checks in a clothes basket. Later in
the day he will dictate a couple of
chapters of his new book on~ "How to
Get the Most Out of Life; or Publish
ers Made Easy." He already has four
novels in the half-million class 'and is
Interviewed at least once a week, be
sides contributing a column of Help
ful Talks With Toungr Men to the
Weekly Step-Ladder. His first novel
was an illuminating exposition of the
character - and career of a successful
merchant prince. He followed this up
with a legal novel, a romance of med
icine and a story of the pulpit that put
the late "Robert Elsmere" clear out of
the r*nning. .
It isn't fair to Andrew to jive away
the formula, but we cannot refrain
from offering -a bit of worldly advice
to the young man of the country In a
few and mercifully brief words. If at
first you don't succeed get out of the
business and buy a typewriter. Then
you can write a book and tell all about
it. The people who have succeeded will
fall over themshelves to buy the book.
Copyright, 1904, by Albert Brltt.
than that it isn't perceptible to the
naked eye.
Having made the seminary without
serious damage to, himself, he began
to look for. one of those warm-heart
ed city charges that his .friend had
told him - about. He had no trouble
in .finding charges, but they were all
headed the wrong way. Added to
this was the fact that none of the city
pulpits seemed to be yearning for a
fresh, untutored yoi * to beat the
dust: out "of the cushions. - The
Preachers' Union is opposed to letting:
any man in for full membership who
hasn't served a long apprenticeship in
a country parish, where he is paid In
produce and worn-out clothes. 'An
drew tried the^couritry for six months
and concluded that was a choice be
tween continuing to preach and con
tinuing to live. naturally of a
narrow, bigoted disposition, he pre
ferred to. live, and therefore resigned
his charge.
By all the laws of the universe he
should now have retired into an alms
house and spent the rest of his days in
criticizing the Government and telling
how cold the winters' were In the early
seventies. . At . the' . psychological mo
ment, 'however," some one presented
him : .with a broken ; down " typewriter.
Having a 'large ,of blank
paper In the house Andrew forthwith
Fable for the Foolish
HOW TO SUCCEED, THOUGH A LAMENTABLE FAILURE
there may, have been some rvague'-psy- "
chological association., bet ween.- aston
ishment and the words he uttered: :'
v ."Well, I'll be damned!". • f ; . '
• Even .the potnpous; chief -joined -in ; .'
the laugh which followed. '.;* Duck slid -
oir the rail, to Corporal Hill's } hand,
and when the prisoners entered .the
big iron r barred ¦ cell in - the/ convent
Duck ¦¦" w£nt with them. • . " ' ' ,
• ¦' A 'room; thirty Vfeet by. twelve may
be large- enough ;for, some purposes,
It was, in fact. Duck en the major's
shoulder, and as tough and garrulous
as ever.
"Shut up, Hill," h« shouted. "ye*
loco!"
"Three cheers for Duck!" yelled HOI;
and, they were given, and they evea
say that Duck joined In.
(Copyright, 1904, by Albert Sonnichsen.)
against the window sill and wiped the
moisture from his forehead.
"Get him in here," he gasped.
The second lieutenant coaxed Duck
In with a banana. The old bird re
garded him suspiciously at first, but
the fruit was a tempting bite. He side
stepped along the limb to the lieu
tenant's arm, and was drawn in. Then
the major closed his blind. Duck
found the banana good and was
pleased.
¦ "This is hell, boy* — this is hell, boys,"
he crooned, cheerfully. Then, resent
fully, as he came to a hard lump in
the banana, "That cuss Ramirez—Ra
mirez — Ramirez — he did it." . •
The, officers started. _
"Ramirez — Ramirez — Ramirez,** re
peated the major, softly.
"Ramirez — he be damned!" growled
Duck. "We're here — we're here — In hell
—in San Miguel— Ramirez did it."
"Captain," whispered the major, "go
out and nail him yourself. Then brine
him here, and we'll make him drink
fresh water until we know something."
Next evening: the entire company
marched out ofjSan Ildefonso, and the
major was in command. Beside him
walked a very sick looking Filipino, but
he no longer wore the broad-brimmed
hat with the official band. All night
the soldiers tramped; when morain*
dawned they were on a high plateau, la
the center of which rose an old gray
church. . .
A shot broke the morning sUHnaaa,
then a fusillade. The fight wu short.
Seventeen ladrones rolled over Into thm
dew-covered grass. A big iron door
swung open and ten hysterical m»a
were dancing about on the level ground.
One threw his arms upward aad
whooped like a red Indian.
'"It's Hill!" shouted some one, "and
he's loco!"
"Not loco, boys: not loco!" h* ytlladt
"only feelin' good— hocrayl**
"Three cheers for Duck!" shouted th»
second lieutenant.
"Where is he?" gasped Hill, petrified.
"The major's rot him."
r, "Damn these ladrones! . .We're in
hejl,, all, right, corraled UD ? here on
this:,.biasted mountain. . Hooray for;
hell^an* San Miguel!',' 1- ,'••.".
"Shut. tip. Hill!' 1 ; growled the ser
geant.' "Ye -loco, Hill; yer' noodle's
The major was composing himself for
an afternoon nap. His haggard face
showed that he had not had too many
naps of late. It is no small thing to re
port sixteen men lost when there is offi
cially no war.. He had scoured the
country much of .late — he was tired.
His- eyes closed • drowsily— a familiar
sound caused him to open them' dream
ily. .
"There's — th'at — cussed — parrot —
again!"
Suddenly he sprang to his feet.
"My God!" he gasped, "what was
that?" " ".
. He listened. Outside his window he
heard it again. ; . -
. "Haw— haw— haw— haw! Liven up,
there;- ye bald-headed' galoot! Haw
haw—haw!"
The major dashed to his' window and
tore aside the; shell blind. On the lower
limb of the mango tree sat. Duck.
It is not to be wondered at that the
captain and the two lieutenants and
the surgeon thought the major mad.
His manner of calling them to his room
gave them • ample grounds for such a
belief. Then they saw Duck and un
derstood. t . ' .
It was soon , noised about that Duck
had come back, and the entire garri
son crowded about, under, the major's
window. Duck, apparently bewildered
at the excitement, cocked his head in
characteristic manner. Then he plant
ed, both feet on the limb, lowered his
head and raised his outspread tail.
"Hello, boys!" he shouted.
A few answered, but the majority
held an awed silence.
"Haw— haw— haw 1" chuckled Duck,
ruffling his feathers; then, in an angry
tone:"
"Shut up,- Hill: "yer loco— yer loco —
loco!" ; ¦
"More than one man turned whit*
about the - mouth. The major leaned
parrot with his bamboo cane and the
bird fell fluttering to the floor, where
he lay senseless. A guard picked him
up by the tail feathers, rushed to the
open door and hurled the body far
into a bamboo thicket. Duffy and
two others sprang, up; next instant
they were rolling on the floor with
Hill.
"Lemrae go — lemme get at him!"
yelled the corporal. "I'll kill the
black dog!"
But Duffy was not yet tired of life.
-.'..... ' . • ' • •
Suddenly a* gun; report broke • the
quiet. - There was a \ hot spat : on the
stone upon which., the .sergeant had'
been sitting. He sprang uj>.wlth a yell;
his commands were ' drowned in a
sharp, crackling volley up the hillside,
and three blue-shlrted men fell among
the bowlders. In an instant the Sol
diers, springing behind- caris and rocks,
were firing into. the jungle. The native
drivers ran in panic, down the road; one
fell ' squirming and shrieking in the
dust. A *vild chorus of yells and cheers
burst out from the dense thickets; then
a mob of small, brown, ragged; men
came ' swarming put down" the! road.
The shots died out—^the fight.was hand
to "' hand. "/There * were yells, - curses,
blows, shrieks, then the\upr6ajv fell to
a babel of excited words.;" The 'fighting
was over— ten American " soldiers ' stood
-disarmed among a band of- excited Fil
ipinos. •.' " ¦-'"•¦ ;
When the excitement cooled f. Sown
the leader of the^natives. countedvhis
fallen, and as . they numbered, only
three he felt in very good, humor. 1 Three
Americans were .dead,- two •. seriously
wounded. The dead-, were thrown into
the river, whose currents ; were.. deep
and swift enough'to, carry them beyond
discovery. , > . It- / . . ; ,. ; ,
The carabaos were quickly, harnessed
to the carretons,. and, escorted" b'yf. the
exultant natives, the, ten prisoners; fal
lowed the carts' up a "narrow" byroad,
switching- into the jungle . and up." the
mountain. When weir away from the
hiain road, the carts were again halted..
:-JTheir consents" were quickly unloaded"
and transferred to the i. backs } of na
tives. Then began the march .upward
by 'trail, and. through jungle. . -. ; , ¦
¦ Finally a small plateau of the moun
tain was ' reached, where stood , a dozen
bamboo huts. Beyond a thick fringe
of bamj>oj)s' rose. the old relic of Span
ish ecclesiastical ; ? authority— a '' large
stone church "and its"' adjoining' con
vent.- Toward this* the prisoners were
marched.' . Disconsolate, sullen, they
stood in a rovv before. the convent door,
ten Americans and two natives,' the
latter carabao driyers, while the guer
rilla chief inspected- them* with' trium
phant-satisfaction. "¦''¦ ': .
- As the Tagalog strutted up and down
before 'his -prisoners', ?he was .' startled
by a flap— a big green parrot; alighted
on the railing; before me convent gate.
It was Duck. It was- an, even "guess
who looked most: astonished, the Fili
pino chief, the- prisoners or Duck him
self. ¦ His. orahgeirimmed '. eyes ..-were
wide open, 4 his head ; was i cocked first
to "; one side Chen to the ; other,-, and
The road passed through a -gap, on
either side of which ..rose; steep' hills,
thickly wooded. A small river shared
the pass with the road.; The drivers
halted their oxen, .unhitched them and
allowed them their necessary " wallow
in the cool water.; The -men "stretched
along the bank.\ some ; drinking, some
filling and cooling their hot can teens... -
IT was not with official approval
that Duck became part of E Com
pany, but then Duck was quite an
Independent sort of chap. That
was the keynote to his character— he
did and said just about what he
pleased. If the major, who was post
commander in San Ildefonso. object
ed ' to Duck's soliloquies outside his
window during the midday siesta,
that made no difference to Duck.
Duck, perched just outside on the
lower limbs of the big mango tree,
would twist his yellow head to one
side, hold a moment's silence, ruffle
up his feathers and then let loose that
wild, diabolical laugh of his, which
had given him his name. Then the
major would get mad and lose his
dignity and throw things at Duck and
Duck would flutter up a few more
limbs, out of reach of the major's mis
siles, and say things to the major for
which there are heavy penalties in the
army regulations. But you can't
court-martial a big, ugly green par
rot with a partly yellow and partly
bald head.
Duck hailed originally from some
southern island, but he could swear in
the local Tagalog dialect with all the
fluency of a native. He was equally
proficient in Spanish and English, ex
cept that he slightly lisped his Eng
lish. He had got that habit from the
young recruit who bought him from
a Chinaman In Manila and brought
him up to the isolated outpost where
Company E was stationed. The re
cruit drank vino and died of horrors
and as he hadn't made a will Duck
became his own master.
Hitherto he had been kept confined
by a small, thin chain attached by one
end to his foot and by the other to a
bar. After the death of Duck's master
the major ordered the bird's release,
hoping he might take to the Jungle.
J3ut Duck had learned white man's
ways. He stuck to the boys, roosting at
night on a bamboo pole in the barrack
mess room. The boys supplied him
¦with bits of desirable food, and he, in
return, regaled them with choice com
ments on current events of garrison
life. As a conversationist, although
¦somewhat profane at times, Duck's
equal would have been hard to find.
- "Tell ye what," remarked Corporal
Hill, as the men were lounging about
on their cots one hot afternoon, "this
yere Duck's a pretty smart bird.
Durned if he can't pick up Tagalog and
Spanish quicker'n you humans, i There
was Jose, as used to be usin' words to
us we didn't understand and never
could remember long enough to ask
somebody what knowed what they
meant. What does Duck do but memo
rize them. Yesterday the priest comes
in an* Duck gets off Jose's little pet
phrase. The priest looks at me, and
tays, 'Who learned him that?' 'Jose, I
reckon,' says I. Wall, he called up
Jose and gave him such a rakin' over
as he won't forget soon. What ye
think? The little beast had been callin*
.us something so bad that ye can't find
words in English mean enough to ex
press it. Tell ye what, Duck's all
right."
"You bet he's all right," agreed a
big Dakotan. "You won't let no cuss
ed goo-goo do us dirt, will you,.
Duck?" He looked languidly up " at
fthe big green bird perched on his fa
vorite pole and conscientiously gnaw
ing the last shred of meat from a
chicken's leg bone. He held it in one
gnarled foot as a man would a club.
The Dakotan's words seemed to at
tract his attention. He suspended
, operations on the bone and turned
his yellow head to one* side.
"That's right," responded the Da
, kotan, admiringly. "Ye see, he's
got sabe. Yer all right. Duck."
"You bet," persisted Duck, in a
. louder tone. '
; "Yes, that's what I say," agreed
the soldier. "Yer bet yer life. Yer
, all right!"
"You bet," said the parrot.
It was some days after that a ser
, geant and fifteen men were detailed to
convoy four carreton loads of com
missary supplies to the next post, San
Qulntin^ twenty miles still farther
Into the heart of the mountains. The
four ox-carts, with their four, carabao
drivers, stood waiting the order to
start. The men were lined up and
. the sergeant stood at attention while
the first lieutenant gave him his or
. ders. .
"You must try to make it before
dark, sergeant, and don't let any of
- your men wander off into the brush.
[ Keep them air together."
The sergeant saluted.
. By the lieutenant's side stood a small,
! sallow-face,d native, in white duck. *A:
black band about his broad-brimmed
that bore the insription, "Jefe de Po
\ licia," which meant that he bossed the,
"' local native constabulary by consent of
' the powers in office.
"You feel certain Tino isn't about, do
• you, Ramirez?" the lieutenant asked.
• . "Most certain-lee," assured the chief
5 of police, complacently. "He is now in
: Cagayan."
: "What?" broke out a harsh, deep
. voice.
The native started. The line of.sol
1 diers chuckled. .
"Damn that parrot," exclaimed the
i lieutenant, swinging around .to the
i carts. Duck was perched comfortably
] on one of the loads. .
"I hope you lose that beast on the
way," said the officer, testily^
' " Haw — haw — haw -*- haw: " came
t Duck's notorious laugh. Then, with an
5 angry ruffle of feathers, he cocked his
head.
j "Ye lie!" he shouted. » '
"Go ahead, sergeant," ordered- ' the
- lieutenant, ignoring the parrot's insult
> ing remarks. The carts creaked and
r rolled out on the road, the men formed
j c either side. Duck stack to his
perch, and as long as he remained
T within earshot of tlie lieutenant and the"
" native official they could hear his dis
» cordant reiteration of his last remark:
t "Ye lie— ye lie— ye lie!", .
I All morning the cart viieels creaked,
, the carabaos groaned, the drivers
swore, and fifteen men in khaki trous
• ers and blue shirts tramped on under
f a hot, metallic sun, while Dnck alter
» nately 6wore and cheered them with
• endearing names. , .
, "Come on, fellers." said the sergeant,
encouragingly, "let's get a move on. On
• the other side of the pass' is a barrio,
I where we can get some chow an* drink.
Then we'll have only six miles left." .
6
COMPANY E'S GREEN
BIRD OF FREEDOM.There were at least fifty people
asleep in the house, traveling, and rail
way men.. Being a wooden building it
was a quick prey and In an incredibly
short time the flames were .leaping
through the second story windows. . ,
When I got down men' were Jumplnff
In every direction from the burning
hotel. Railroaders * swarmed around,
busy with schemes for getting the peo
ple out, for, none are. Inore quickwitted
in time of panic. Short as [ the oppbr*
tunlty was there ¦ were many pretty
rescues, until the flames,' shooting up,
cut off the stairs and left the helpers
nothing for it but to stand and watch
the* destruction of j the long, rambling
building. Half a dozen of us looked
from the dispatchers' offices * In the
second story of the depot. .We had
agreed that the people were all out,
whep Foley below gave a cry and
pointed to the south gable. Away up
ynder the eaves at the third-story win
dow we saw a* face— it was Fitzpat
rick. ¦ , .] '[
Everybody had forgotten Fitzpatrick'
and his! nurse. 'Behind,' as ' the j flames
lighted the opening, Are : could . see the
nurse struggling to "get" him to 'the win
dow. It was plain > that the engineer,
was In no condition to help himself ; the
two-men were in deadly peril; a great
cry went up. ,
: The crowd swarmed like ants around
the south "end ; a dozen men called * f or
ladders," but;., there .were no -ladders.
They, called 'for •volunteers; to' go - In
after the two men, but the stairs were
long since like a furr.£.ce. There, were
men in plenty to j take any kind of a
chance, however slight, but no chance
offere'dJ : ' - ' .;\ : ¦ ~.\.
The nurse ; ran to; and from the wlnr
dow, seeking !'a loophole -. f 1 • escape.
Fitzpatrick ' dragged himself . higher oh
the casement to get out of the smoke
which rolled v over • him in choking
bursts, and looked down .on the crowd.
They*: begged; him Ato Jump-rheld -. out
their arms; frantically. -The two. men
again side ; by- side waved; a hand;' It
looked-; like «a ' farewell. ;. There was no
calling \> from ,;them, no appeal. >¦ The
nurse would not desert his charge and
we saw it all. " .'-, 4 '.
• Suddenly :, there was a cry, .below,
keener i than ' trie 'confused ' shouting /of
the. crews, - and : one running forward
parted tie men at the front and, clear
ing; the /fence, : Jumped Into, the yard
under, the burning gable. . " ."' ;-:¦: ;
&£} Before people, recognized him > a lariat
..was' swinging over his head-^it was Sl
. clone Clark. The rope left- his arm like
I a ;8lung-shQt and flew straight at. Fitz
patrick. «vNotC seeing,; or, : confused, ' he
; missed •' it, ' and the rope, ' with, a) groan
from . the |> crowd,' settled * ba"ck.%\\ The
; agile ; cowboy/ caught* it ."again"; into a
.loop and' shot; it -upward, that time
fairly^ over*' Fitzpatrfck's' head. "¦ ><¦¦.
; :'*'Make fast!" roared- Slclone.'Fltzpat
rick * shouted back," i and the -two men
" above *drew.'taut;' Hand over^hand. Sl
• clone "Clark ; crept :. up, .like a" monkey,
" bracing -" his • feet . ' against the • smoking
."; clapboards,, edging away from the vom
'itlng'; windows/ swinging ontbe single
. • >..¦•¦
strand of horsehair and followed by a
'hundred prayers unsaid.'. .
Men who didn't know what tears
were tried to cry out to keep the chok
ing from their throats. It seemed an
age before he covered the last five feet,
-and. the men. above caught frantically
at his hands.
Drawing 'himself • over the casement
he was lost with them a moment; then,
from 'behind . a j burst of smoke, • they
jaw him rigging a maverick saddle on
. Fitzpatrick : \ saw Fitzpatrick, lifted by
'Clark and -the nurse over the sill, low
; ered ¦ like fa ' wooden "tie,- whirling and
"s winging, I down into twenty; arms; be
low. . Before the train men had got .the
engineer loose the nurse, following, slid
like a cat down the incline, but. not an
instant too soon. A tongue of flame lit
the : gable -from below and licked the
. horsehair Tup into ; a' curling, frizzling
' thread. And. Siclone stood alone in the
-upper, casement.
' ' ." It f seemed for ' the » moment ; he stood
'there * th'e crowd would go mad.' 'The
shock and the ' shouting seemed to
•confuse him;, it may have been the hot
air, took his breath." They yelled to him
'to Jump, but "he .swayed uncertainly.
'Once, , an instant after, that.* he was
seen'to look down; then he drew back
rrom tna casement. I never saw Aim
again.
The flames wrapped the building in
a yellow fury; by daylight the big
barracks were a smoldering pils of
ruins. So little water was thrown that
It was nearly nightfall before we could
get into the wreck. The tragedy had
blotted out the feud between the
strikers and the new men. Side by
side they worked, as side by side Si
clone and Fitzpatrick had stood in the
morning, striving to uncover the mys
tery of the missing man. Next day
twice as many men were In the ruins.
Fitzpatrick, while we were search
ing, called continually for Slclon*
Clark. We didn't tell him the truth;
indeed, we didn't know It; nor do we
know it yet. Every brace, every beam.
every brick was taken from the charred
pile, every foot of . cinders, every
handful of ashes sifted, but of a bu
. man being' the searchers found never a
trace. Not a bone, not a key, not a
knife, not a button which could bo
identified as his. Like the smoke which
swallowed him up, he had disappeared
completely and forever.
Is he alive? I cannot telL
But this I know:
Years afterward Sidney Blair, head
of our engineering department, -was
running a line, looking then, as . we
are looking yet, for a coast outlet.
He took only a flying camp with
him. traveling in the lightest kind of
order, camping often with the cattle
men he ran across.
- One night, away down in the pan
handle, they fell in with an outfit
driving a bunch of steers up the Yel
low Grass trail. Blair noted that the
foreman was a character, a man of
few words, but of great muscular
strength, and, moreover, frightfully
scarred.
He was silent and inclined to be
morose at first, but after: he learned
Blair was from McCloud he unbent a
bit, and after a time began asking
questions which indicated a surpris
ing familiarity with, the northern
country and with our road. In par
ticular this man asked what had be
come of Bucks, and. when told what
a big railroad man he had grown, as
serted with a sudden bitterness and
without in any way leading up to It
that with Bucks on the West End
there never would have been a strike.
Sitting at their campflre while their
crews mingled, Blair noticed in the
flicker of the blaze how seamed ' the
throat and breast of the cattleman
were; even his sinewy forearms were
drawn out of shape. -He asked, too,
whether Blair recollected the night
the barracks burned, but Blair, at that
time, was east of the river and so ex
plained though h» related to the cow
boy Incidents of the fire which he had
heard, among others the story of Pltt
patrick and Siclone Clark.
"And Fitzpatrick la alive and 81
done is dead,** said Blair, In conclu
sion. But the cowboy disputed him.
"You mean Clark is alive and Fitz
patrick Is dead," said he.
"No," contended Sidney, "Fitzpatrick
Is running an engine up there now.
I saw him within three months." But
the cowboy was loth to conviction.
Next morning their trails forked.'
The foreman seemed disinclined t»
part from the surveyors and while the
bunch was starting; he rode a long: way
with Blair, talking in a random Viy.
Then, suddenly wheeling, he waved a
good-by with his heavy Stetson and,
galloping hard, was soon lost to the
north In the ruts of the Yellow Grass.
Once again, that only two years ago,
something came back to us.
Holmes Kay. one of our staff of
surgeons, the man, in fact, who took
care of Fitzpatrick. enlisted in Illinois
and went with the First to Cuba. They
got in front of Santiago Just after the
hard fighting of July 1 and Holmes
was detailed for hospital work among
Roosevelt's men.
One of the wounded, a sergeant, had
sustained a gunshot wound in the jaw
and in the confusion had received
scant attention, Kay took hold of him.
He was a cowboy, like most' of the
rough riders, and after his Jaw was
dressed Kay made some remark about
the hot fire they had been through be
fore the blockhouse.
"Where are you t from?" asked
Holmes.
"Everywhere."
"Where did you get burned that
way?"
"Out on the plains."
"How?"
But the poor fellow went off into a
delirium and to the surgeon's amaze
ment began repeating train orders. Kay
was paralyzed at the way he talked
our lingo— and a cowboy.
Neighbor, when" he heard the story,
was only confirmed in his belief that
the- roughrider was Siclone Clark. I
give you the tales as they came tone,
and for what you may make of them.
I'myself believe that if Siclone Clark
Is still alive he will one day yet come
back to where he was best known and.
In spite of his faults, best liked. They
talk-^of him out there as they do of
old man , Sankey.
I say I believe, if tie lives he will one
day come .back. The day he does wiil
be a great day in McCloud. On that
day Fitxpatrlck will have to take, down
the little tablet which he placed in the
brick facade of the hotel which now
stands on the site of the old barracks.
For, as that tablet now stands, it. la
gacred to the memory of Siclone Clark.
CCCT>HERE goes a fellow that
I walks Eke Siclone Clark." ex
• . ¦ I claimed Duck Middleton. Duck
.1 was sitting in the trainmaster's
offloe with a group of engineers. He
• wu one of the blacklisted strikers and
run* an engine now down on the Santa
F"e» But at long intervals Duck gets
. back to revisit the scenes of his early
triumph*, The men who surrounded
him were once at deadly odds with
Duck and his chums, though now the
ancient enmities seem forgotten, and
Duck — the once ferocious Duck — sits
•" occasionally among the new men and
ffosstps about early days on the West
JBxxCL
"Do you remember Siclone, Reed?"
asked Duck, calling to me in the pri
. vat© office.
"Remember him?" I echoed. "Did
¦anybody who ever knew Siclone forget
him?"
Siclone Clark was one of the two cow
>oy» who helped Harvey Reynolds and
. Ed Banks save 69 at Griffin the night
. the coal train ran down from Ogalalia.
" They were both taken into the service;
Eiclone, after a while, went to wiping.
When Bucks asked his name Siclone
answered, "S. Clark-" '
"What's your full name?" asked
-Bucks.
"S. Clark."
"But what does S. stand for?" per- .
sisted Bucks.
"Stands for Siclone. I reckon, don't
it?" retorted the cowboy, with some
• annoyance.
It was not usual in those days on the
•plains to press a jnan too closely about
his name. There might be reasons why
.it would not be esteemed courteous.
"I reckon it do." replied Bucks, drop
ping into Siclone's grammar; and with
out a quiver he registered the new man
as Siclone Clark; and his checks always
road that way. The name seemed to
fit. he adopted it without any objection,
[ and after everybody came to know him
it fitted so well that Bucks was be
lieved to have second sight when he
named the hare-brained fireman. He
could get up a Btorm quicker than any
man cm the division, and if he felt so
disposed stop one quicker.
• In Eplte of his eccentricities, which
were many, and his headstrong way of
doing some things, Siclone Clark was a
good engineer and deserved a better
fate than the one that befell him.
Though— who can tell?— it may have
• been Just to his liking.
The strike was the worst thing that
ever happened to Siclone. He was one
'of those big-hearted, violent fellows,
who went into it loaded with enthu
siasm. He had nothing to gain by it —
"'at- least nothing to speak of. But the
idea that somebody on the East End
needed their helr> led men like Siclone
in; and they thdupht it a cinch that
, the company would have to take them
all back.
The consequence was that when we
staggered along without them, men
like Siclone, easily aroused, naturally
of violent passions and with no self
restraint, stopped at nothing to cripple
the service. And they looked on the
men who took their places as entitled
neither to liberty nor life.
When our new men began coming
from the Reading to replace the strik
er* every one wondered who would get
Siclone Clark's engine, the 313. Siclone
had gently sworn to kill the first man
who took out the 313 — and bar nobody.
Whatever others thought of Siclone's
vaporings, they counted for a good deal
on the West End; nobody wanted
trouble with him.
. Even Neighbor, who feared no man,
sort of let the CIS lay in her stall as
long as pctsible after the trouble be
gan.
Nothing: was said about it. Threats
cannot be taken cognizance of offleial
ly. We were bombarded with threats
all the time; they had long since ceased
to move us. Yet Siclone's engine stayed
in the roundhouse.
Then, after Foley and. McTerza and
Sinclair, came Fitzpatrick from the
East. McTerza was put on the mails,
and coming down one day on the White
Flyer he bleiv a cylinder head out of,
the 416.
Fitzpatrick was waiting to take her.
•out when she came stumping in on one
pair of drivers— for we were using en
gines worse than horseflesh then. But,
of course, the 416 was put out. The
only gig left in the house was the 313.
I imagine Neighbor felt the finger of
fate" in it. The mail had to go. The
time had come for the 313; he ordered
her- fired.
"The man that ran this engine swore
he would kill the man that took her
cut." said Neighbor, sort of incident
ally, as Fitz stood by waiting for her
to steam.
"I suppose that means me," said
Fitzpatrick.
"I suppose it does."
"Whose engine is it?"
"Sicione Clark's." ; .
Fitzpa trick shifted to the other leg.
"Did he say what I would be doing
while this was going on?"
, .Something in Fitzpatrick's manner
made Neighbor laugh. Other things
crowded in and no more was said.
No more was thought, in fact. The
313 rolled as kindly for. Fitzpatrick
as for Siclone, and the new engineer,
a Quiet, fellow like Foley, only a good
hit .heavier, went. on and off her with
never a word to anybody.
One day Fitzpatrick dropped into a
barber chop to get shaved. In the
next chair lay Siclone Clark. Siclone
got through first, and, stepping over
to the table to get his bat, picked up
Fitzpatrick may have wiped a lit
tle sweat from., his face, but he said
nothing — only walked flown to the
roundhouse and took out the 313 as
usual for his run.
A week passed before the. two men
met again. One night Siclone, with
a crew of the strikers, ran into half a
dozen of the new men, . Fitzpatrick
among them. and there was
a riot. It was, Siclone's time
to carry out his intention, for Fitz
patrick would have scorned to try to
get_ away. No tree ever breasted a
tornado more sturdily than the Irish
engineer withstood Siclone; but when
Ed Banks got there with his wreck
ing crew and straightened things out
Fitzpatrick was picked up for dead.
That night Siclone disappeared. '
Warrants were gotten . out and
searchers put after him. It was gen
erally understood that the sudden dis
appearance was " one . of Siclone's
freaks. If the ex-cowboy had so de
termined he would not have hidden
to' keep out of anybody's way. I have
sometimes pondered whether shame
hadn't something to do with it His
tremendous physical strength was, fit
for so much better things than beat
ing other men that maybe he 8ort of
realized it af tor the storm had passed.
¦ Down east of the depot ground at
McClouds stands, or stood, a great
barnlike hotel, built in boom days,
and long a favorite resting place for
invalids and travelers en route to Cal
'Ifornia by easy stages. It was nick
named the barracks. Many railroad
men 1 boarded there and the new en
gineers liked it because it was close
to the roundhouse and away from the
strikers.
Fitzpatrick.without a whine or a com
plaint, was put to bed in the barracks,
and Holmes Kay, one of our staff sur
geons, was given charge of the case;
a trained nurse was provided besides.
Nobody thought the injured man.would
live. But after" everv care was given
him we turned our attention to the
troublesome task of operating the road.
The 313, whether it happened so or
whether Neighbor thought it well to
drop the disputed machine temporarily,
was not taken out again for three
weeks. • She. was looked on as a hoo
doo and nobody wanted her. Foley re
fused point-blank one day to take her,
claiming that he ha'd troubles of his
own. Then, one 'day, something hap
pened to McTer2a's 'engine; we were
strained for *a locomotive, and the 313
was brought out for McTerza; he
didn't like it a bit. • •
Meantime nothing had been seen or
heard of Siclone That, in fact, was
the reason Neighbor urged for.uslng
his engine; but it seemed as if every
thne the '313 went' out it brought out,
Siclone. not to speak of worse things.
That morning about 3 o'clock the un
lucky engine was coupled ,on to the
White. Flyer. The night boy at the
barracks always got up a hot lunch
for the incoming and outgoing crews
on the mail run, and* that . morning
when he was through, he forgot. to
turn off the lamp under his coffee tank.
It overheated the counter. and,in a few
minutes the woodwork was ablaze. If
the frightened boy had emptied the
coffee on the counter he could have put
the fire out, but instead, he ran out to
give the alarm and started upstairs
to arouse the guests.
Fltzpatrlck's . by mistake ana walked
out with it He discovered his change
Just as Fitz got out of his chair.
SIclone came back, replaced the hat on
the table, took up his own hat, and,
as Fit* reached for his, looked at him.
Every one in the shop caught their
breath.
"Is your name Fitzpatrick?"
"Yes. sir."
"Mine is Clark."
Fitzpatrick put on his hat.
"You're running the 3 IS, I believe?"
continued Siclone.
"Yes, sir."
"That's my engine."
"I thought it belonged to the com
pany."
."May be it. does; but I've agreed to
kill the man that takes her out before
this, trouble is settled,' 1 said Siclone
amiably. . : ; •*. ' '• \
Fitzpatrick , met him j steadily, "if
you'll let me know when, it takes
place I'll try and.be there."
"I'don't Jump on any man .without
fair warning,, any ...of th'e boys will tell
you that." continued Siclone. "May
be you didn't know my "word was
out?'-'
Fitzpatrick hesitated. '.'I'm not
looking for trouble with any' man," he
replied, guardedly. "But since you're
disposed to be fair about notice, it's
only fair to you to say that I did
know your word was out."
"Still you took her?"
"It was my orders."
"My word is out; the boys know it
is good. I don't Jump any man with
out fair warning. I know you now,
Fitzpatrick, and the next time I see
you, look out," and without more ado
Siclone walked out of the shop,
greatly to the relief of the barber, if
not of. Fitz. .
THE ; SAN :,FRANGISC0:!SUNl5Ar^GAni!:
SICLONE CLARK
7no_textno_texttogether to form a shoulder cape.
There are bands of velvet between the
bands of lace. The whole makes a
very nice shoulder effect, with Ions
fronts that hang right down to the
belt line.
"It would be difficult to plan a gown
without 'button or metal ornaments of
this kind or that. And the cavalry
blue voile must have gun metal but
tons, flat and surrounded by small
turquoise. Or It can have flat cut steel
buttons. Or it can have flat Jet ones.
These are not for use, but for orna
ment, and they can be placed upon the
lace shoulderette in such a manner as
to finish it. These round fiat buttons,
or round flat ornaments, are a part of
most of the gowns of the season.
"Perhaps among all the material of
the season,. voile can be mentioned first
in the list of popular fabrics. It is
durable, thin, cool and easily draped.
It is, when suitably lined, warm
enough for cool weather, and It is still
of such a nature that it can be worn
on the hottest days. No other material
except the old-fashioned nun's veiling
ever approached it In general favor.
"Still there is taffeta. And there is
something about taffeta that is very
smart. It Is ' comfortable to wear and
pleasing to' the eye. A good taffeta
suit is a nice investment for any
woman. It is one of 'those materials,
always elegant, without being too good
for everyday wear.
"Thin, lightweight serge comes pret
ty close to being a general • favorite.
But its roughness keeps It from ap
proachlng^the' list of elegant materials.
It Is far second to broadcloth; which
cow comes in a chiffon. weight, and it
is not as fine as ladies'- doth, which Is
to be found this season very wide, very
handsome, very glossy or dull, as you
please, and ready to be made up in
any of the new colors— sand color, ripe
apricot, champagne, butternut, stone,
chamois, castor, gun metal,' seal and
there were run rows and rows of nar
row satin ribbon. But the beading, in
stead of consisting merely, of slits, was
composed of 6mall roses of exquisite
coloring.
And another gown made In the same
way had a fleur-de-lis, underneath
which the ribbon was run. In this
manner the most charming of effects
can be obtained.
A beading of this kind can easily be
made. The ordinary insertion can be
obtained, ready for use. And on this
there can be applied small lace figures,
showing, tiny b.ut beautifully colored
flowers, underneath which the ribbon
runs. One can easily see how fine and
beautiful \ a trimming can be made in
this manner.
A gown, of glossy taffeta had a rib
bon trimmed yoke. The ribbon was
threaded in and out of small flowers,
instead of in and out of plain slits. This
. removes all suggestion of lingerie, and
makes a trimming that is charmingly
novel. ... v •
Ribbon, by the way, is used in many
and varied ways. . It Is run in and out
of openings in silk bodices. ; It is used
to knot a handsome waist here and
there, -with the knots ~ coming up.
through openings In the silk. It is
used with great effect as a decoration
for skirts and waists in connection with
lace; and the two combined make very
charming ornaments with a button set
in ", !the middle. .= An ornament of - this
kind finishes , a panel,' sets off a girdle,
finishes a stock and makes a nice trim
ming for. a yoke. . ,5-0,-
Your Best Bib and Tucker.
When you go away this summer do
not neglect to,take with' you your best
bib "and tucker, specially the latter, for
the tucker ; Is ' one of * the ' most ¦ fashion-
1 There is a pretty fad which will cap
tivate all womankind, gj It originated in
the lingerie department,: but ¦ has been
adapted to the -thinnest and _. nicest of
summer gowns. It Is j related- to the
ribbon ? fanciest and it : consists of \: a;
fancy heading ; or and a nar
row strip of. satin ribbon. / The ribbon,
instead of being; run .through r simple
slits,, is -run underneath /thej prettiest
and most delicate Vflowers, -.and ¦_ is tied
at^the'.back of the yoke,' or. at the front,
ias'the case-may-be. ¦ , '.;i. :
¦ An instance of, the handsome, use of a
fancy beading can be mentioned' in the
case of an exquisite lawn dress, which
was fitted with" a lace neck yoke and, a
lace ' hip yoke. 1 Through I the*' openings
A Pretty Ribbon , Fad.
getting up a wide and many gored
skirt;- and the effect of the completed
gown is better. . '
- There is yet no great tendency
toward the spreading skirt, . and,
though skirts 'are -full .'and ''are made
about the same fullness all the way
around, they, do not stand put and
there is nothing: of the crinolined ef
fect about them. So all this agitation
about ; the" revival of the crinoline is
pure talk.' There Is no sign 1 of it
yet.- - •. v;\ ¦ . /;. ¦ '. ¦¦'•,: -^.: ' ¦ '. ..-.
• A gown which caught the eye , was
made of sand colored voile. The ma
terial was very wide and the skirt was
as full as fashion will allow, which is
very full indeed. It was one of those
skirts cut with breadths the same
width all the way down the skirt. The
fullness at the top \vas: caught^ down
by stitched tucks. It was, no gown for
a stout person, but it was lovely for
the thin sisterhood. The waist, was
trimmed with bands of , insertion'un
derlaid with silk of a 5 shade deeper
than sand color.
For summer gowns the plaitings of
the season are hardly practicable, but
they can 'be made so by stitching the
plaits so that they are held fast in "the
laundry. •
One of the loveliest of tubable
dresses is made of washable batiste,
with the waist and skirt laid in side
plaits. The plaits are stitched in the
waist to make them hold their own,
like tucks, and they are also stitched
fast In the upper part of the skirt. Of
course they must flare at the lower
part of the skirt.
The wide skirts, with their many
seams, have captured the town, but
the seams themselves were objection
able, since there, -were so many of
them. They bothered the dressmaker,
and they were never beautiful '¦' No
matter what device was employed, the
seams would show. - - .
One day It occurred to the manufac
turer that it would be better to make
the goods wider, bo, after a' reason
able period, during which the looms
worked busily, there, began*, to ..come
summer goods in very wide designs.
It is possible to^-buy thin stuffs forty
Inches wide, and' one - can ; get silks
from forty inches in width. These
are much easier to make when one is
A Sand Colored Gown.
other favorites, old and new.
"These gowns are the popular favor
ites." V .' ' . ¦. -:
The Most Popular Gown*
Asked what would be the most pop
ular gown of the year for general
The full balloon sleeves are smart,
but they do not Increase the size of the
waist, for the fullness comes Just. on
a line with the waist when the arms
bang down. This fullness is becoming
to those who are rather slender across
the hips, but the fat woman must be
a trifle cautious when ordering her
sew sleeves.
Still, with all of these points against
her, the fat woman has certain things
to her advantage, for the long and
drooping shoulder gives her a chance
to be elegant and If she be tall she
can be quite Imposing in appearance.
The lace shoulderettes are wide and
deep and they are splendidly adapted
to shoulders that are broad enough to
carry them.
Girdles are wide and some of them
are high, and where is the fat woman
whose belt is already under her chin?
Stocks are the redeeming feature, for
they are not worn very tall and they
can be fitted to any throat.
Sleeves are Immense and most of
them are made In open balloons. Oth
ers are balloon shaped, closed at the
hand and fitted with a stiff lace cuff,
which may be slashed or may be clos
ed. ' Inside the stiff lace cuff there is
a soft lingerie cuff.
The latest fashion note says that
there shall be a very long lace shoulder
piece which shall hang over the arm.
This Is very becoming to the thin
woman, but It gives the stout woman
a queer look, as though she were all
shoulder, and a very fat shoulder at
that--
THE lady with a poor figure must
betake herself to her boudoir for
a fit of weeps. The new gowns
are not built for her, and there
Is *ao beauty in her when she has been
hooked into them.
Here are a few of the characteristics
of the very latest modes, and the
woman who is twenty pounds heavier
thin she should be for her height can
ponder them long and tearfully:
Skirts are very round and very full,
and the majority of them clear the
street.
Hips are tucked, shirred, plaited and
xauch trimmed.
Waists continue to blouse, and the
newest ones have a blouse in the back
as well as in the front. Actually there
are taffeta waists that fall over the
belt In the back at least three inches,
while they bag very decidedly in the
front also. This can be very smart or
decidedly the reverse.
By Augusta Prcscott.
A fashionable modiste
declares in favor of cav
alry blue voile, with taf
feta, chiffon, broadcloth
and serge following
closely after, in colors
old and new— How the
new gowns try the fig
ure of the stout woman.
Skills, waists, sleeves
and girdles that are
built for slender waists
and tall, swaying fig
ures — Latest novelties
in dress all along the
line of new gloves, hats,
veils and the small
things of dress.
able appointments of tne season's
wardrobe.' It is made of very sheer
lawn, of India linen, of net and of lace.
And there are wonderful tuckers of
silk trimmed with lace and embroidered
quaintly.
The particular use of the tucker Is
for wear with the decollete gown, but
the fancy for cutting the bodices round
has brought them into day use. They
are worn in the necks of dresses that
are made without the stock and they
are also used with little double breast
ed silk Etons which button up so high
that nothing but the throat is visible.
Six handsome net,' lace and lingerie
tuckers formed part of the summer
wardrobe of a very dressy woman. And
that they will see good service cannot
be Questioned. They are made deep
enough for wear with a low cut neg
ligee and they are fine enough to be
seen of an evening when the occasion
requires a high neck Instead of a low
neck. The making of tnis little article
of dress will afford employment for
Industrious . fingers on off days when
there is no more serious dressmaking
on hand. .
A New York woman wears a tucker
of fine net with strips of lace Insertion
through which are run numerous nar
row satin ribbons, each of which is tied
in a little bow in the middle of the
front. A mother-of-pearl button, sur
rounded by a rosette of lace, finishes
the bow, which looks like a little work
of art, as, indeed, it is.
Stocks are made of lace and run with
ribbons for wear with thin summer
gowns, and very pretty they look. They
are about two inches wide, and they
are run with ribbons of narrowest
width. Of course, there is a little hard
work in between the rows of ribbon in
the shape of a cross stitching or a
fagoting^
Another lace stock is made of the
new satin, which, is "very supple, but
the lace is so overlaid and Inset that it
looks as though the whole stock were
lace. Small knots of satin ribbon are
set around the neck, and, in each knot
there is a small button * of . turquoise
and pearl.
Dame Fasion's Gloves.
- Dame Fashion Is' waiting to see how
her gloves will be received. She has
boldly come "out with the one button
length and is .waiting to behold the
effect of her departure upon the fash
ionable women of the land. Short
wristed gloves with one button clasp
ing th« wrist come in all the street
shades and . are considered terribly
English and very smart. '
Dame Fashion's other extreme is
The dyeing of straw hats to match the
gown is one of the pretty conceits. Such
pretty effects in dress can be obtained
if only the hat straw matches the dress.
An opportunity for variety in colors
is found elsewhere on the costume. It
is now customary before purchasing a
gown to take a bit of the silk or the
wool and match it in straw. Or. If one
prefers to work the other way, 'one can
buy a hat and match it in dress goods.
Voile, which is one of the bright par
ticular favorites in dress, can be ob
tained in all colors, and the hat can
match the gown without the additional
expense or ordering it dyed, for they
do dye the straws now to match any
color in dress. x £j|
. A hat of golden brown straw, to
match a golden brown gown, can be
exquisitely trimmed with no very great
exhibition of artistic taste.
"You can make any hat match any
gown." said a milliner, "if you will do
two things. The first is to buy & straw
the color of your dress material. Th»
second is to purchase a lace curtain
for the hat. These two articles will
make the entire hat,
"Let the straw match the dress ma
terial exactly. Let it be of a becoming
shape with brim rolling on the sides.
The Curzon shape, with one side rolling
higher than the other, is very pretty.
Now take the hat curtain and* shirr it.
Set it around the crown with the lace
falling off the sides and the back of
the hat. That will trim it sufficiently.
"If you have one of the flat brims
you can take the curtain and shirr it.
and set it around the brim, instead of
around th« crown^ This will fan
around the hat prettily. The front can
then be lifted and fastened with & fancy
pin. This is the way to use a lace
hat curtain when there is no other
trimming or when an old hat Is being
transformed into a new one.
"And another pointer, save your old
buttons. They .are^ being used upon
bat curtains »nderfully well. The
point upon which place them is at
each side of the hat in such a manner
as to lift the curtain off the face. The
showiest of buttons can be used."
The milliner might have added that
there is a deal of showiness all through
the scheme in dress— for such is the
case! . imomfi
"How am : I trimming my gloves?"
asked she with a smile. "Why, I am
following the latest ideas for trimming
the wrists. Upon one pair of gloves I
have set a silver monogram. It Is done
in very slender silver thread, and it is
clasped upon the back of the wrist.
"Another pair of gloves has* nay mon
ogram embroidered in the back in fancy
colors, and there are tiny seed pearls
set in the letters. And still another is
dotted, as to the wrists, with small vel
vet tufts, which make a very handsome
wrist trimming. These gloves I call
my Eugenie gloves. They are allimade
to order, just as Eugenie hadher gloves
made, and are hand embroidered by
the glove-makers. These gloves are for
very nice wear, and they make a pretty
bit of variety in the costume." «
The monogram fad might be men
tioned in passing, for it has taken great
hold on everything, and Is seen on
stockings, gloves, veils and ribbons,
not to mention Jewelry and mono
grammed laces.
Hats That Match the Gown.
the very Ions-armed gloves. These
come up to the elbows and are worn
wrinkled. They are designed to fill In
the gap between the sleeve ruffles and
the wrist. They come in all colors, for
the day and for evening, and will add
not a little to the expense of the ward
robe If they are generally worn.
"I must have two glove boxes this
year," said a fashionable woman. "One
is the little short glove box which holds
my one-clasp gloves. These I wear for
shopping and for the street generally,
as well as for traveling. They are my
practical gloves. .
"The other glove box contains gloves
that come to the elbow and "wrinkle all
the way up. They are for wear with
my calling dresses, with my theater
bodices' and with nice gowns generally.
There Is no medium this' year.-' Gloves
are either very long or very short.
•wear, a modiste said: , "For general
wear give, me a voile made over good,
firm taffeta. Lei the shade be a cav
alry blue. Let the skirt be a full skirt
laid In tucks around the hips, with
the tucks stitched flat, but allowed to
flare at the knee lines".
"Let the waist be cut in the shirt
waist persuasion with a very full
blouse front and back, but with the
front brought down pretty well under
a wide folded taffeta girdle.
"The sleeves can be very full in the
arm hole, but droopy. Let them grad
ually increase in size to the wrist,
where they are caught into a wide
lace cuff, which is slashed. And in
side of this there is set a lingerie cuff.
"The waist and shoulders are trim
med with three-inch bands of lace DUt
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL'.
THE MOST POPULAR
GOWN
OF THE SEASON
10! ornament - should • be • In f perfect ¦ con
-; dltlon or; laid aside * until ¦ it | can •- be
; made so. Jewelry,:- buttons, , buckles,
? etc", which are broken or even slightly
ciotnes, dignity slips from staid men
and' women. and leaves fun and mis
chief in its place. ¦ '•/ .
THE LATEST IN LINEN SUITS (F.
- LO-f-The , very latest examples of tub
gowns and suits turned out by leading
houses for early spring wear at South
ern - resorts are of white or colored
linens as well as of cottons. As in
everything else this season, elaboration
is the salient feature of these gowns
and one: Is puzzled to know how they
are to be laundered; as a matter of
fact, they are cleansed by the dry pro
cess, so that, the term "tub" is plainly
a misnomer. White linen has lost none
of 'its .prestige since last 'season, when
it was v pre-eminently the thing. The
most' popular trimmings are Irish laces,
hand embroidery in -white or black
French knots in mercerized cotton, self
strappings, drawn" work and cross
-stitch.. A yery chic .suit has a jaunty
.bolero, flowing -sleeves,, collar of heavy
white lace, gilt- buttons, a dainty white
lawn. underblouse. trimmed with Valen
ciennes . lace and • a five-gored skirt
slightly full, about, the : hips in 1830
style. A hat of glowing scarlet ger
¦ anlum : blossoms with bows of velvet
• of ' a "deeper f shade and crush belt of
; scarlet kid makes up a very, charming
suiL>/, : ¦ ; . . -.
SUITABLE COSTUMES FOR
TRAVELING (Jessie).— Wheri^ a long
railroa'd journey is in contemplation a
sensible costume should be prepared.
Frippery of all kinds should be eschew
'ed, for it stamps .the wearer as pro
vincial or sadly lacking in good taste.
Elaborate silk waists, hats, gowns,
conspicuous jewelry and white gloves
and petticoats should be left at home
or placed in Jj one's traveling trunk.
The wise woman insists upon utility,
style and comfort when planning her
traveling outfit No matter how ex
pensive her hat or suit may be.it is
severely plain, dependent wholly, upon
perfect cut and finish for its chic ap
pearance. A dark mixed suiting Is ideal
for a traveling costume, ' showing
neither soil nor dust, a feature 'never
to be overlooked. Our wise traveler
argues that dust and poverty are much
alike; if either must be. endured it
is less annoying if the visible signs are
not perceptible when abroad.' Needful
toilet articlesr-a - dark flannel night
robe, a bottle of ammonia ted salts arid
another of soda mint tablets to ward
off headaches'and : a good book— are
the principal things to be carried in the
traveling case, with overshoes and an
-UTILIZING OLD GOWNS (Mts.tB.
M. L.).— The best * parts | of . ; old E silk
gowns may. be utilized in making ruf
fles for" smart, petticoats.'' ' One .^ can
scarcely' have too. many -'petticoats, j es
pecially "those of ;black. Rip the dresses
apart," examine closely,. reject all. worn
- parts, then . cut into ~ bias strips - three
"or four inches wide. To' insure :a* per
fectly even width , always ¦' use, a. I tape
and . a bit i of ; chalk to mark, the meas
urements, or use a stlff-paper pattern 1
securely . pinned In ; place, y _ Join : the
- pieces,- hem .- the "•= edge * and gather.,: the
top edge, -"hot: too ."•full, 1 ." to," be: covered
by a bias: piece : of : the goods, or . turn
. u nder the top ; half, an . inch • to : form': a
self -heading . before • gathering, r Cut the
petticoat In five or, seven gores,' with
inverted, plaits 1 ' or gathers at-'the. back,
and lengthened by a circular flounce,
using any of the= well-known-mercer
j ized materials or. sateen. Join rand r fit
- the seams correctly, trim- off 'the edge
of the flounce to the desired length and
.finish with a ; , piece -of . velvet", binding
applied flat and; stitched several" times.
Then set, the made ruffles, of silk on the
circular flounce, -with - edges /slightly
overlapping. A belt which fits the waist
neatly, 1 closed -l with ' hooks and eyes or
with. a: flat button,', is to c be- preferred
to drawstrings,, which are apt to cre
-ate bunchy lines In'the back just below
the .waist line and ruin the set ! of your
pointed : girdles, i Utilize : the | delicate
NAVAJO INDIAN BLANKETS —
Certainly, use as many in a den as you
can afford to buy. Not only- on the
floor but on the walls as pictures; over
a comfortable cozy looking couch and
even over the table that Is always
loaded down with magazines and
books. • The bright, gaudy ones are
pretty, but if you expect to transfer
them into another room later on be
careful in selecting colors, for they
seem possessed to fight with carpets
and every decided tone in the room.
If your furniture is old treat it to a
dose of coach black that you can easily
buy at anv good paint shop. Two or
three coats will do and the finish will
be absolutely lusterless. Apply furni
ture polish and you will almost make
yourself think' that you are fitted up
with Flemish oak. A few bright pic
tures on the walls and a palm or so
will turn your room into an attractive
den and your main trouble in life will
be endeavoring to secure a little pri
vacy.
According to the statement of a
statistician, visiting cards to the num
ber of 60,000 000,000 are annually put
into circulation by the people of the
world. He says that the pro rata con
sumption is greatest among crowned
heads and royalty generally. Visiting
cards became a social necessity under
the Second Empire.' Lithography was
first employed. in making the visiting
cards of Napoleon, who ordered cards
¦rearing his Christian name, only. When
it became known that tht most talksd
of man in Europe was using litho
graphed cards, instead of waiting for
the slower process of engraving, this
style of cards, now relegated to the
ordinary class, became quite the
vogue. Strange, that the use of the
Christian name only Is a prerogative
which kings and emperors share with
servants.
< Napoleon's visiting card was two and
a third inches long and half as broad.
The ex-printer to the Tuilerles still has
a sample, which he Intends presenting
to the National Museum. The fact of
its retaining, up to the present day, its
white and glossy coat . Is due to the
reckless use of tincture of arsenic,
which is thought to have caused much
of the sickness of that period.
The' blonde beauty, Eugenie, first
brought Into favor engraved cards,
though many people of quality used
cards printed from copper plate long
before this famous favorite of the Em
peror became fashion's dictator.
The Chinese claim to have used Yls-*
lting cards as far back as the tint* of
Confucius.' The Koreans use visiting
cards a foot square.
Answers to
Correspondents
60,000,000,000
Visiting Cards
**-••• ¦ '¦ '"¦* '\ *A ¦ "•"• v \
ful exercise to -develop; the muscles of
arms and chest is to raise the hands
to the' , shoulders*. 'and: .thrust them,
straight' out .'and . on : a .horizontal line
with the shoulders. A pair , of light
wooden dumbbells *¦ are .< also helpful * In
this exercise, though . , not;- absolutely
essential. If used, grasp -.them'* firmly.,
in the hands ' arid .- perform ¦ all ; move
ments rhythmically, to ensure symmetr*
rical -development;. »¦ >;.'•>¦¦ ; ;'..' r .
cretonne pattern. A tangle '. of pink
roses on a greenish cream ground is
cheerful, or, if the closet Is rather dark,
golden blossoms will infuse a sunny
effect To prevent the lodgment' of
moths and dust In'the floor it must be
made of hard wood and be smooth,
which will permit of its being kept per
fectly clean by simply wiping; it with
a damp cloth. Close all crevices around
the baseboard with ¦ a narrow, molding
painted to match the woodwork; fill all
cracks in the floor with putty and when
dry paint the floor, a light tan color
and when this is dry varnish it with
prepared oak-«tain. . To prevent . the
garments in the closet from -coming in
contact with the wall the hangers for
the clothes may. be hung' on- hooks
screwed into the .underside of . the
shelves about three inches j from the
wall. A strong rod fastened in socket
in the side walls will -hold additional
hangers if needed. Of course you , will
want plenty of pretty padded clothes
hangers to match the decorative color
scheme, and a strong bag of cretonne
or denim for umbrellas and another for
shoes.
teeth should receive prompt attention,
for they are not only painful but det
rimental to the health. To be sure,
having them extracted is not the most
pleasant recreation, but the agony is
eoon over. The greatest bugbear is
anticipation and people are wont to
dread such an operation for weeks
and are only driven in desperation by
a nerve racking, intolerable toothache.
TUtre are dozens of cachous that
are warranted to sweeten the breath
and do away with any slight disorder,
but very few of t,hem do more than
promise. Of the endless variety, char
coal tablets are perhaps the best, for
they sweeten the stomach. But, on the
other hand, they do not leave a very
pleasant taste in the mouth and it
is always advisable to rinse well after
using them, as they are black and do
not hesitate to leave a vivid reminder
In plain sight;
That the teeth make or mar one's
beauty is scarcely so, but "it certain
ly is a temptation to smile when one
has a pretty mouth and pretty teeth.
Occasionally a sweet looking girl
makes such ugly grimaces when
speaking that she twists her face en
tirely out of shape and is really a
trial to her friends, but bad habits
are not as serious as facial deformities,
for more pleasing expressions may be
cultivated and the general effect rad
ically changed.
JANE.— FANCY DRESS PARTIES—
Dressing in -costume is always a pretty
idea, buf not the most popular form
of entertainment as it -takes both time
and money, and many people prefer
sending their regrets .when they would
gladly attend if their regulation even
ing clothes wduld answer the purpose.
Why not ' try" a '• fad - party? Let all
jj designate their particular - hobbies in
* some way, though not too plainly, and
award prizes to the one who guesses
- the highest number correctly and to
the booby. .Children's parties are jolly
and are not expensive,, as the costumes
consist of pinafores . and sailor suits,
and with the ' donning of childhood
X. Y. Z.— SHIRT WAISTS— The fact
that you have but little money to spend
on clothes does not necessarily mean
that you must look the part. You say
you . can sew* neatly and that is more
than half the battle. Do a little win
dow shopping and while you are busily
engaged in this pursuit do not neglect
the laundry windows, for the people
who can offord a French laundry can
afford well made, smart clothes. When
you see a style that particularly catches
your eye deliberately stop and examine
it thoroughly and see how it is made.
Then hie yourself to a department store
and search for a remnant or a pretty,
cheap" material. I have seen waists
that were dainty and very becoming
that cost exactly 24 cent* — 8 cents a
yard arid three yards. • Furthermore
materials that are white or. black and
white always wash well and look far
better than they really are.
fT^HE old adage, that "Pretty Is as
¦ . I pretty does," has more truth
I than poetry when it cornea to
: 1 the Question of the mouth and
¦ ' teeth. Certainly no one, no
matter how regular the fea
• tures may be, can lay the slightest
claim to beauty If the teeth are not in
the pink of condition. To be sure,
"every one cannot be blessed with a
"pearly set, but in this day of modern
.dentistry it most certainly is within
the power of all to possess at least
presentable ones.
If the upper jaw has too many teeth
to fill it properly and the lip pro
.trudes in an ugly fashion, it may be
• remedied and the person made to look
fully 100 per cent better. But do not
Imajrlne for a single instant that such
• a task is a light one and to be entered
into without due consideration, for if
• • there is one thing on the face of the
earth more painful and nerve shat
tering than another it is the regulating
of teeth. When they are crowded one
or two must be drawn, and frequently
-every tooth in the jaw moved into an
entirely different position. And this
.work must of necessity be slow and
'.sure. Yet, with the fair promise in
sight, there are numerous heartburns
and toothaches, for the apparatus may
• bjreak and the work of months be un
• done in a few moments.
. Teeth, however, that are perfectly
.clean may be irregular and yet not de
tract to a great extent from the face.
Perfectly clean, mind you, does not
mean than one washing in the morn
ing will suffice. Instead it means to
cleanse them thoroughly after eating,
no. matter how frequently this may be.
Every visit to a' dentist proves con
' clusively that part of the regulation
•ablutions have been neglected, for
¦ preservation of the teeth but spells
• cleanliness if one did but realize and
¦ appreciate it.
1% is not always convenient or ad
visable for that matter to carry about
a • toothbrush, but comparatively few
.- people take the trouble to use it fre
quently when at home, and when they
do. nine times out of ten. give their
teeth a hasty lick and a promise and
rush off to keep an engagement.
.. In caring for the mouth two articles
I should first be carefully considered —
the brush or brushes and the dentifrice,
.as they are all important. There are
hosts of preparations that may be had
at any chemist's shop, but unless one
•' knows the druggist personally it is
better to Insist upon a wash that con
'tains familiar ingredients, as all of
"-them are far from good. Be certain
.that Eoap forms the largest part, as
it Is not only cleansing but alkaline
as well. However, because It is good,
.do not make a practice of using it
alone, as dentists claim it acts upon
: the gums and causes them to recede.
There should be equal parts of water
and alcohol, and any flavoring that is
.best liked, though by far the most
popular" is essence of wintergreen.
; Properly speaking, two brushes
ehould be purchased. One smooth and
Stiff, the other cut In ridges so that the
bristles are In points, for they have a
tray of reaching nooks and crannies
that la especially gratifying and bene
'. ficiaL If one has been accustomed to
¦ using a soft brush the stiff one may
. tear the gums, but it is only a matter
of time and a little Judicious care when
..it may be used quite as a matter of
course. Salt, by the way. In a small
quantity of water. Is a simple and ef
fective means of hardening the gums
and will get them Into fairly good con
dition quickly. «No matter how painful
;the change may be at first persevere,
" for the stiff bristles alone are equal to
. the task of keeping troublesome tartar
away.
Brush the right Bide of the mouth
with the left hand and vice versa and
treat each individual tooth as though
it was the only one of Importance and
therefore the one to be considered
. most. Brush with a vigorous stroke
up and down and in and out, treating
..the inside quite as well as the outside,
•for Mr. Decay is not the least bit par
ticular where he begins his deadly
work and is more frequently found in
put of the way places than elsewhere.
* IH> not think that five minutes'
brushing will accomplish the desired
results elther««4or most teeth fit so
• closely together that nothing but a bit
of silk or dentist's floss can thoroughly
cleanse the sides. As the last finishing
touch an antiseptic mouth wash
should be used, for it is not only a good
preservative but sweetens the breath
' and is decidedly refreshing as welL
An offensive breath, by the way,
should not be tolerated. And really
there is no good or sufficient reason
for it, though, to be sure, it seems al-'
•most" unavoidable occasionally. Gen-.
erally it comes from a disordered
stomach, diseased condition of the
nose or throat and bad teeth* By
dieting the stomach may be quickly
'gotten Into good condition again and
sprays and washes will go a long way
toward purifying the nose. Decayed
DECORATING CLOSETS (L. M. F.)
—A pretty way to decorate a large
closet is to cover the lower part of
the wall, to the height of five feet, with
French cretonne, stretched smoothly
and tacked in place with small brass
headed tacks. The space above, be
tween the shelves and shelving, may
be painted a soft sage green or cream
white if more light is essential; or one
may substitute a high-grade paper in
TO ENLARGE THE BUST (H. M.
H.) — First of all learn. to stand correct
ly, for this ; is : more | than half \ the
battle; this carried but, deep breath-
Ing, diet and exercise, practiced -with
Intelligence, - will do': the' 'rest.'- Tb per
mit the chest to sink in from a careless
habit of' standing or j sitting X produces
ugly lines and greatly the- ac
tual breadth of • both the ? chest
shoulders. Furthermore, -the 'Impeded^
movements of the lungs lessen \ th§ir
forces and weaken all ;"surrou%iing
niuscles,, obvious' reasons'why improve
ments should .begin here. .When walk
ing or standing, balance ;the 'body on,
the balls of the feet, coming down
lightly on the heels, swing the torso
forward with the chest thrown put and
abdomen in. Go through the exercises
before a mirror and note the play -of
the muscles. If the left afm^and_ bust
seem less developed thari-the^other-side,"
the weaker side should be exercised the
most to bring it up to the correct pn>
portions. Wear a loose gown very low
in the neck: and sleeveless when exer
cising, and perform 1 these! exercises in
a well ventilated room, "< for. the deep
breathing of 'stale air will do more
harm than -good. Raised -the .'hands
straight and high above the head ,wlth
finger tips together'; '- inhale : a > deep
breath, raising slowly.. upon the ; toes, 1
exhale the breath'as you count* ten and;
lower the arms slowly to the" side's" and
come slowly down oh' the 'heels. Re
peat ten or more times.' Another, help-
O many and so varied are
\^X the little perplexities that
v 1 enter into almost every
K-' wojnan's life without find
* ing satisfactory solution,
aqd so many and so unusual are
the letters that are constantly
being received from women
who cannot find an answer to
their questions in any other
way, that The Sunday Call has
established this page devoted
entirely and exclusively to
"What Women Want to Know,"
edited by Madge Moore.
Here every trial or tribula
tion of the mind and heart can
be poured out In the full con
sciousness that it will receive se
rious consideration — every
question of fact or fiction, of
the home and all its manifold
' ties and tasks, of the inner sanc
tuary of a woman's life, finds
ready solution. Ladies, this page
Is all your very own. What
would jxm?
Please address all commu
nications to Madge Moore, editor
"What Women "Want to Know,"
Sunday Call. San Francisco.
*y\ S you look back over the van
f I ished week, how many things
I have happened In It which you
X did not foresee last Sunday
morning. It may be that the entire
course of your life has been altered by
some sudden event. Possibly you have
been x plunged into -gloom or may be
some great vista of happiness has
opened before, you. Life is an alto
gether different affair from what It
was a week ago.
It Is the unexpected that Is always
happening and the sensible man gov
erns his life accordingly. Take the
simple matter* of catching a train.
You know that if all goes well you
can do it in half an hour from your
front door. But the forehanded man
leaves himself a little margin of time.
A friend may detain him en route or
there may be some break in the high
way or some blockade of the cars. Or
look at the subject from the point of
view of family or personal expendi
tures. You know that your income
will suffice for the necessaries and now
and then a luxury.
But how about the rainy day which
may set in three months hence, or how
about sending the children away to
school before long? Perhaps you will
be in duty bound to assume the care
of some dependent relative. At all
events, won't you be better prepared
for emergencies If you plan to have
a* little leeway between Income and
outgo, remembering Mr. Mlcawber's
famous adage, "Income £20, expendi
tures £19 10s; result happiness. In
come £20, expenditures £20 10s; re
sult misery."
It is well to make allowance, too.
for contingencies in the nature of
tests of character. You may think you
have your temper and your tongue
pretty well under control for the or
dinary strains, but who knows wheth
er before this coming week is half
over some especially Irritating cir
cumstance will arouse a slumbering
demon within you and before you
know it you will have said or done
something which you will regret the
rest of your life? After all, the real
test of a man's virtue is the way he
will behave when he is taken un
awares. Are you laying up some re
serves against that day, so that the
unexpected trial or temptation shall
not destroy or impair your manhood?
Sooner or later, most of us have to
be temporarily set one side, letting the
big world go on with its work without
us for a while. Periods of invalidism
are great crosses for persons of an ac-
disposition, and yet some men
have risen up from sick beds grateful
for the providence which sent them
there and for the lessons learned. What
are you going to think about If you
happen to break your leg and have to
He on a couch for weeks, or If some
sharp sickness Involves a long season
of convalescence? Are you going to
chafe or are you going to be a gentle
man and a Christian and make it com
paratively easy for those who minister
to you to stay near you?
Old age is a contingency for which
we ought to prepare, nay. look forward
eagerly to as the period when our judg
ment may be ripest, our sympathies
with our fellow men keenest, our Influ
ence Jn the world most potent and ben
eficial! One needs something besides
a good-sized bank account when he
passes the seventieth milestone. Life
thereafter Is going to be pretty tame if
one cares for nothing besides the- al
mighty dollar.
And how about the thing to which
at last old age Itself yields? Is not
the future life a contingency for which
It Is high time to' begin preparation?
"Ah," you say, "it is all hazy with
doubt." Well, then, treat It as a con
tingency, but let the mere possibility
of It purify and ennoble your dally
living. Suppose that some day you
wake up and find yourself In a
strange»^iiew environment, in the
midst of opportunities for ampler,
richer life than you have ever enjoyed
here upon the earth. Suppose that
you find yourself In the presence of a
great searcher of human hearts, to
whom you will have to render strict
account of what you have done with
your time and your talents. Would
you endure the tender yet searching
scrutiny of such a judge? Would you
take your place with the upright and
valiant of all the ages? Would you
go on Into the vast reaches of the fu
ture ever learning more about your
self, the universe and God? The only
way to be ready for such a contin
gency is to heed the solemn admoni
tion of the master of men. who. when
on earth, bade each of his followers
to lay up for himself treasures In
heaven. THE PARSON.
umbrella comewhere in the outfit for a
rainy day. Black petticoats should' be
worn; and comfortable walking, shoes,
and dark,' serviceable. kid gloves* are
also a- part of the costume"^- The shirt
waist Is of soft, dark silk flnish'ed'wlth
stitching and buttons only .and -^made
charming by the smart stock of cross
stitched - linen. Have" plenty' of -hand-,
kerchiefs, a fresh stock and an {extra
"pair of gloves. the aid of these ex^
tras the traveler can present herself [ at
the end of a long journey looking spick
and span and" smiling.'-. . "•/' ; •': ;i . ..*
M. A. B.— 1830 GOWN— The prettiest
kind of a summer frock would be a
dainty checked silk, strapped with 'a
solid contrasting color. ' For instance,
tan and brown are pretty and wear
nicely, which should be a big consider
ation. Make the skirt with four or five
shirrs about, the hips so that the
skirt will be very full and follow out
the same idea in the waist. The shoul
der seam should be very long In order
to give the broad effect so much in'
vogue and the sleeves miniature bal
loons. Wear a high-fitted girdle of the
same and you will be smartly, f rocked.
ENGAGED GIRL. (Marking Linen)—
The girl who expects to be married
certainly has plenty to keep her busy
for five or six months if she expects to
make all her underwear by hand and
to embroider all her linen. Really Is it
worth the while? , Months of hard work
combined with entertainments that are
oonstantly being given wear a girl out
and she is so tired she really does not
know what- the matter is with her.
Watch the. sales and buy pretty lin
gerie. Instead of initialing them" by
band, buy the pretty linen ones that
come by the dozen and are so easily
sewed on. They are inexpensive — thir
ty-five cents a dozen— and make a very
good showing. Hemstitched bed linen
is nice, but it certainly is trying on the
eyes, too. so if you think you cannot
be happy 'Without them, at least sew
the initial' on. Perhaps you do not
realize that sheets and pillow slips are
frequently made with strips of em
broidery in place of the nemstltching,
and It might not be a bad idea to make
a few by way of variety. -
j S t FOR-PALE ;FACES ; (Marion.)— Con-.
.: tinual . pallor, usually- Indicates an
anaemic .condition- of t- the -blood, and
• prompt measures should be . adopted' at
{ 6hceto- : build up the- system, else" seri-.
ous complications, may result.' As you
are not. .very strong all forms of. exer
.clse;should 7 be 'begun .by degrees; radi
calmeasures of any . kind :are not-de-
Islrable.In- your,present "condition. First
of=all, in seeking to build up your body
; eat i wisely.' "• Deny yourself rich, greasy
foods ; and hot. sweet •concoctions,, for
8 they ; only; tend to overwork the diges
tive organs, r Jake fats in such agree
£ able -'forms I as " salad oil, fresh • butter
;. and cream, > and ¦ eat a very ; moderate
.amount' oft pure sweets. Eat plenty of
broiled: beefsteaks andchops, and have
.^the' eggs eaten either! soft-boiled ; or
-poached; eat also well-cooked;vegeta
bles, ¦ fresh ; salads- like' lettuce.'-spinach,
i fruit;' and nuts., each, of them" dressed
!.with oil in abundance,, but with only
. llttle> .vinegar. Eat whole wheat and
praham breads, apples,- bananas, grapes
1 and sweat oranges for 'fruit, and eat a
"good'STipply of milk and cream. These
. things :WH1 supply, a nourishing menu
arid :do. much toward building you up.
: After ; the- regular warm baths rub the
entire Ubody^r vigorously /with alcohol
.arid J, water, '.- equal/, parts,.- to guard
; against colds and to act as a tonic. A
"rubdown .nightly with ; a rough, dry
,:bath mitten, done 'just before going j to
bed., will- banish the chilliness from
. which ly.ou. suffer, and the slight exer
tion • t>f ¦ 'the^ operation iWill ,- : give - you
'^beneficial ; exercise. : Walking and'play
\ing. games' in, the open air, will do more
than any .amount of tonics to tone -up
• your, system. -Too , many.\of us los^
• sjght'of :;thej fact ' that - exercise in the
-open air r is essential to health. Riding
can • never * take j the j place of walking.
.Do not resort torouge, for. it will only
.exaggerate the ¦ pallor. «. Get a healthy
•'tan 'on* your face from, exposure to the
'sun and wind during your. daily walk.
' CARE : OF ORNAMENTS (M. L.
T.")— Any article worn solely as an
r?^> :: ?.••• . - • ¦ . ¦ ¦ - :.v. -
colored silks for party: frock linings or
petticoats, trimming prettily with plait
ed :• : ruchings - or- edgings , of . net top
cream-colored ,Hace. 5? Dainty • patterns
can be- bought" aslow>as;25 cents a"
yard. Petticoats for misses ;and girls
can," of. course,: be made in the same
manner. ¦* J . .- ... .'-.>*. ;':$¦' :- :
tarnished, should not be worn, and to
wear . them is inexcusable, especially
when.lt is considered . how little effort
Is necessary to make them presentable.
Ordinary 'articles", may- be cleaned at
home, > but it is always wise to send
such trinkets as are enameled in part
or. set with pearls -to. a jeweler to be
cleaned. The idea that soap and water
are injurious to'jewelry Is wrong. Col
lections of oil from" the; skin as well
as dust accumulate on rings, especi
ally on the under side of the stttings,
can*. best '-. be removed by the, simple
process of applying tepid water made
quite soapy and using- a -very soft
brush. "Dry at orice after, rinsing in
cold water, using a soft old linen
handkerchief., for drying, - and then
polish with a pJece of 'Chamois skin.
Silver articles or steel. buckles may be
brightened by a".' brisk rubbing with
silver ¦• polish-rand a chamois 'skin. If
the. steel :1s. much tarnished wet with
kerosenej.for several hours, dry, and
then clean' with the polish-
THE S AN": FRANCISCO 5;' SUNDAY - "CALlJ'
Tragedy
of the
Rainy Day
11
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOWlittle easier. Not for all the hats m
Christendom. The fever gets into
the very blood and the faster the
ground rolls away the more exhilarat
ing it is and the more fascinating the
sport grows.
For sport it most certainly Is. It
is a test of machines and of ability,
and every man Jack Jams his cap on
a little tighter, unconsciously, pats the
strop of his glasses and settles down
to business fairly and squarely.
Some cars puff and wheeze along and
sound , like, nothing more nor less than
infernal machines bent on the destruc-
are not half enough to keep your num
erous possessions In place, for every
thing seems possessed with an evil
spirit that is doing its best to plague
your very soul. The, goggles, homely
affairs in themselves, keep your good
looks from blowing to the four corners
of the earth, for the glass windows not
only protect your eyes and Bee that
your eyelashes are permitted to stay
In their accustomed place, but a piece
of felt that is attached to* them keeps
the sun from sending forth its hottest
rays and tipping the end of your nose
a beautiful, vivid red.
By the time' you reach Niles, a dis
tance of twenty-eight remarkably
smooth miles, where all the steed3
are watered and' every one gossips
about, every one else by way of
fifty miles as they did when they raced
to the boat!;.*; i
From Nlles there are any, number of
short runs and an endless variety of
pretty spots, one more alluring, than
another on. the eiJce of & bubbling
stream that tumbles along In high glee
and plays "waterfall" over an un
usually high rock. The trees meet in
great arches and the heavy green foil-
—did not have an automobile and *
well-filled hamper at his finger ends.
< From Nlles to San Jose is a quick
run, and a particularly pretty bit of
scenery as well. \ The road from Nlles
to Irvlngton is perfectly fit and fine,
and you can whirl the six miles in ten
minutes without half trying. In fact.
It Is one of the smoothest stretches on
the entire run, and you can bounce
along at fortv or more miles an hour.
If you pass through there at 11:10.
Warm Springs and Milpitas will be left
behind before you realize It, and you
can be making a leisurely tour of San
Jose at 11:30 and enjoying life to its
fullest extent.
I Once there the San Joseltes would
never forgive you If you deliberately
turned your back on Alum Rock, for
its nine miles of winding roads, with its
.tinkling broook, is the pride of their
heart. And well It may be. too, for
.every Inch of the way Is a constant de
light, and the park, with Its inviting
jmineral waters, is a treat in Itself.
I If Mr. Hunger comes stalking along
(entirely uninvited he may be most
agreeably appeased out there, but if
you consider high noon too early you
may saunter about, sample all the
waters, speculate on their respective
properties and reach tow n again by
1 or half after, where you will find
hotels, cafes and restaurants by the
bushel.
¦ Don't make the mistake of rushing
through dinner, missing half the things
you like „ and eating everything you
particularly dislike, for you must re-
According to a recent report. United
States Consul General L. S. Wllcox.
at Hankau, states that wood oil is
rapidly becoming an Important article
of commerce in China, and during the
past year there was something over
$1,890,000 worth of It shipped from
Hankau. Previous to IS 99 only a very
small amount was shipped. But after
« report published during that year a
large trade sprang up, until now two
United States firms have located
branches there for the purpose of ex
porting the oil. One of these firms
has since last fall shipped about 200.
00b gallons. The value of the oil is
due to its astringent and drying prop
erties, s«nd it is used In varnish for
the higher grades of furniture. There
are two kinds of wood oil. one being
yellow In color and the other a dark
hue. The former is the one exported.
It being considered of a better quality
than the dark. During the past sea
son the price varied from $4 92 to
$8 05 per picul (133 1-3 pounds). The
great difficulty contended with was the
absence of barrels. The oil when re
ceived by the merchants in Hankau is
in bamboo baskets, lined with oiled
paper. These baskets contain" about
one plcul of oil each. One of the
American firms at Hankau has im
ported shook-; for 5000 barrels and
machinery for setting them up. Last
year 1000 of the seeds of the oil tree
were planted In California and so far
are growing finely. Arrangements
have also been made for the importa
tion of 4000 more of these seeds for
the same purpose. — Philadelphia Rec
ord.
Wood Oil
'Steam Touring Car
From White Automo
bile Company.
are not in the least tired and bemoan
and bewail that the fascinating fun Is
about over.
For right royal fun it Is, especially
when your machine Is the first to
reach home port safely and Is intact,
after a run of 150 miles, for some ma
chines accomplish that feat dally, you
know.
Right then and there, ten to one, you
will be so carried away with your out-
Ing that you will involuntarily say.
"Next Sunday please." for California,
not only has a climate that la admir
ably suited for outings, but she pos
sesses & small wilderness at the very
threshold of her largest cities, and It
certainly behooves you. Milady, and
you. Milord, to escape the dust and
smoke of town and find rest, quiet and
a wholesome recreation In the cool re
treats that are offered so plentifully on
all sides.
So here's to the automobile picnics!
THE automobile picnic fever blew
into town on the first syrins
breeze, and the outing girl and
chap caught it In its m|-st malig
nant form. So severely have they
been stricken, in fact, that an outfit
and a trip every week's end Is abso
lutely necessary to their welfare and
happlnets, and nothing under the shtoi
ing sun could prevent them from being
Johnnies-on-the-spot when the ma
chine whirls un to their front door
ready for the fray.
Do you, milord, or you, miladi, care
to enter this fashionable fray, for, of a
truth, an all day's outing means busi
ness as well as fun from early morning
until the inquisitive moon comes out to
t>ee what mischief the world is up to.
If the scores of wooded hills, the min
iature ravines and the tiny, sparkling
brooks that bubble merrily along have
any fascination for you, then follow in
the footsteps of those who leave the
piping hot summer breezes behind and
loiter about in the canyons or the nu
merous suburbs, which are so little
known to the average residents of the
bay cities.
In the first place, unless you are one
of the blessed tribe that is possessed
of enough of this world's filthy lucre to
own a machine, make it your business
to stake one out bright and early, for
Jong before the middle of the week they
have been grabbed up like hot cakes.
All the trouble? of the week that have
vexed and tried the busy man's very
eoul slip away and hide themselves in
the canyons, for the fairy nymph of the
woods demands that all who seek her
companionship shall come with laugh
ter and a merry song.
When certain of your car, plan your
outing and bethink yourself of maps,
for there are so many picturesque spots
within a stone's throw of the city that
Uncertainty station is invariably
reached at the forty-eleventh minute
and the golden opportunity to lead the
merry chase is lost.
From the time you step Into the car
friendly rivalism is openly declared,
and it is t-ach fellow take care of him
self. On Market street a red machine
suddenly spies a white one, and each
lowers its head and mutely acknowl
edges that the chase Is on by a sud
den bound forward.
Biff! Around the corner comes an
other, and down the street they roll,
between care and winding carefully
.in and out. each intent on reaching the
ticket office first in order to secure first
position on the boat. One after an
other glides softly into its allotted cor
ner; and then it is a case of get out,
visit vour neighbors, watch the tinker
ing that invariably follows, and right
then and there proving the superiority
of your oxvn machine and declaring
solemnly that it can beat anything on
the road.
And first position on the boat means
something, mind you, for each driver
fully intends proving each and every
statement, no matter how rash it may
have been. The majority of cars bound
for San Jose cross the bay en the 9
o'clock Creek route, which lands them
at the foot of Broadwav, Oakland.
First on. first off. you know, and a
good start ur> IJroadway generally
means that there is no dust before you,
but a perfect cloud behind, and cer
tainly no one is ambitious to be a dust
eater for a stretch of fifty miles more
or less.
Out Twelfth street you go, over the
bridge to East Oakland, and bv the
time you have whirled through San
Leandro and are half-way to Hay
wards you will see the philosophy of
rigging yourself up in automobile
"togs" from your head to your heels.
And, by the way, there are two
routes which you may take after you
reach San Leandro. One branches off
and runs through Mount J3den. Alva-
rado and Centerville, and the other,
which is far better, runs through De
coto and Hay wards. So if time is an
object the routes will make a vast dif
ference, as you would soon find out to
your sorrow. Haywards. a distance of
eighteen miles, can easily be reached at
10:40 o'clock, and Nlles. just ten miles
farther on, at 11, but the other way
you would lose about three-quarters
of an hour.
Here are a series of don'ts that will
certainly mar your entire day's pleas
ure if you are too proud to follow them
out to the very letter:
Don't wear a hat.
Don't wear your best clothes.
Don't go without glasses and a
veil.
Don't go without a heavy wrap.
For Just as certainly us you do
there will be a peck of trouble brew*
ing. In the first place almost every
hat seems- bent on acting as an im
promptu .sail, und it is first on one ear
and then on the other, duly astride
your nose and finally winds up in the
bottom of the car. where it is general
ly somewhat the worse for wear. In
stead, wear a cap, leather if you in
tend Jaunting about the country every
week or so. for it will shed the dust
and is fashioned on a better, more
pleasing style.
It is all very fine and daisy standing
on the curbstone and laughing when
you sea a man or woman comfortably
be-goggjed, be-veiled and be-leather
ed. Ten to one you shrug your
shoulders and declare that it is all
stuff and nonsense. But when you
are on the road passing everything in
sight and clipping merrily along at
forty miles an hour or so you will
devoutly with that you had some of
that selfsame nonsense within your
grasp. ;\ f ';;*
If your hat does not pull every hair
out of your head it is' only because
you have two hands busily employed
striving to anchor it, for nothing
could induce you to ask ihe driver to
slow down a bit and take things a
tion of all that chances t<> be in their
rath. Talking is practically rut *of the
question, for if you could rnnke your
self heard above the noise the playful
wind would snatch up the words and
fly away with them in high glee, and
you would soon come to the edifying
conclusion that all your brilliant say
ings have been lost -to the world for
ever. So select a noiseless car while
you are at it, for it is far batter in"
more wars than one. It will glide
Fmocthly and quietly along and shoot
by everything on the road so quickly
that you will be a quarter of a mile
ahead before the occupants of the van
quished have come out of their trances
and got un steam.
"I'll give you a brush," one chap
calls to another \t he spies him in
time, and away they go. each giv
ing his neighbor ample room, and
both slowing down for 4x11 vehicles
to pass. "And during one of these
friendly rubs you will soon discover to
your sorrow, unless, you are garbed* in
the regulation fashion, tha* ?"•o bands
variety, you will be glad to get
out and walk about a minute and then
you can see the wisdom of wearing
leather coats and long veils. The dust,
and probably you didn't ''realize there
was any, settles in every possible nook
and cranny like a soft, white cloud,'
but the leather clad people look as
fresh after a run of one hundred and
at* filter* the sunlight through In fit
ful, cool shadow* and altogether It la
a charming spot to idle an hour or so
( and refresh the inner man.
• And, by the way, the automobile
lunch baskets are perfectly fine for
Jaunts of this kind. They come In vary
ing sixes and are fitted completely with
•very lunch requisite, even to a folding
table, which Is the luxury of luxuries
In the woods.
There Is no unhitching, no feeding of
horses and staking them out and then
keeping a weather eye out for them,
for once out the car stays, and that's
all there is to it, so that for a long, de
licious hour you may be the laziest of
the lazy/ without a single care in the
whole wide world. The very air is per
meated with a feeling of rest and quiet,
and you Idly wonder if the chap who
said—.
Joy comis, fritf foca. we know not bow.
Zverythin* Is htppy powj
Everything I* upward striving;
'Tls as tuynoir (or the heart to he tru«
A* tor crass to be fr**a or tklta to be blue —
'TU tb« natural way of Uvlnsr.
member that you are one of the blessed
few whose chief aim in life Is not
catching trains. Take all the time you
want and a little extra to boot, for If
your Bpecial pulls out at half-past 3
you may loiter alon&*> please yourself.
If you love the country you most
certainly will not be overly enthusi
astic about running over the same
route again, but really the Santa
Clara Valley is beautiful enough to at
tract and hold attention for itself. Be
sides the blooming orchards and the
riotous roses and lilacs, there are
dozens of country places all along the
road and the Francis Smith mansion
is one of many that shows where men
of wealth best like to spend their
days.
Figure on leaving Santa Clara about
5 o'clock, for further along Stanford
University bids you enter and seek
knowledge from its flowing bowl, and
then come fleeting, glimpses of smart
traps and prettily gowned women, and
• rtistic Burlingame and San Mateo are
left In the distance.
Up to this point you will delight in
the roads, for they are splendid and
will permit you to trip along right mer
rily, but then your whirling through
the air comes to a sudden halt, for
the glassy effect is entirely lost, and in
Its place arc a thousand and one mini
ature hills and valleys that send you
flying Into the air and bring you down
to earth with a dull thud.
By this time twilight is slowly set
tling over the land and Is doing its
level best to give houses and trees
weird shapes and uncanny looks and
if some sepulchral ghost stories are
told about this time the cemeteries
will lend substantial aid in giving
them a touch of realism.
Seventeenth and Valencia once
passed the day's run is practically fin
ished and a penny to a pound every
soul in the auto will nestle back in the
soft cushions, vow and declare they
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALII
THE AUTOMOBILE PICNIC IS NOW
THE FAD
12representative, General Lu
cius H. Fbote— sent out In 18S3—assist
ed them by giving the doctor a nom
inal status as physician to the Ameri
can Legation. This was in September
of the year 1884. '
Three months later occurred what
Is khown in history aY the emeute of
1SS4. It lasted three days, beginning
at an official dinner, at which six
Koreans ..were murdered; another
Korean, Pflnce Min Yong Ik, a near
relative of the King, was terribly man
gled. The gray, old city of Seoul was
filled with terror as the infuriated
mobs ranged the streets. The emeute.
began as an anti-Chinese uprising, but
turned into an anti- Japanese riot, and
foreigners of all nationalities fled
hastily down the zig-zag pathway,
twenty-seven miles long, to Chemul
po, the seaport of the inland capital.*-
But when all \were gathered . in
safety. Dr. and Mrs. Allen were miss
ing. The man's opportunity "for signal
•service had come, and though sur
rounded by treachery and intrigue, the'
young physician and his wife would
not, leave the groaning victims of the
bloody emeute. , When air others had
gone, the American .doctor \ and his
wife made their home in the American
• {"T^ BOUGH Korea Is a nation far
I below the first class, It has so
1 happened that the American rep-
JL resentatlve there has been, and is
now, struggling- with problems which
would tax anjr Minister, and those ac
quainted with the Far East read the
messages of Horace N. Allen with ut
• most Interest at this critical time.
• Dr. Allen's career is one of singular
interest, for It has been very seldom
that a foreign diplomat has been re
cruited from the ranks of a missionary
society. Minister Allen knows Korea
from the coollea who ring at their
wbsk in the streets to the Emperor.
For ten years now he has stood at the
helm of American affairs. The posi
tion h&s been difficult, because noth
ing In the way of commercial pro
motion has been sacrificed, and yet
no political or territorial rights have
been asked. More than once the Em
peror of Korea has sought admission
to the American Legation, but it is
not an asylum for political despon
dents, and entrance has been denied
his Majesty. And yet in this time
America has acquired more commer
cial privileges in Korea than all other
nations combined. Through Minister
Allen's efforts concessions for gold
mines, railways and trolley lines were
first glveit to Americans, though hav
* ing been previously refused to others.
From the viewpoint of Americans
la the Orient, Dr. Allen began life
lookers were amazed at the success of
the quiet physician. The Chinese gen
eral thought this treatment was . bet
ter, than hot wax, and he hustled : Allen
off to treat twenty of his soldiers who
were sadly dit up' and bleeding. The
Prince "lived; the popular approval of
the people ; the doctor and
his wife and they stayed in the lega
tion as they, had announced they
would, with the old flag flying, until
> their American friends returned to
Seoul after the danger had passed.
After this there was no question of
the American .doctor's place in Korea;
It was assured. Nothing proved this
so plainly as the attention the King
of Korea now paid Dr. Allen by ap
pointing him the King's physician. Old
as some of the Korean' remedies were,
they seemed to leave something to be
desired. . The' knife and needle were
better than Hot wax; quinine was bet
ter for fever than. the hanging gf rags
on the trees . outside the invalid's
house; f pepsin was better for. indiges
tion' than burning a prayer that had
been written on; paper; the , Korean
doctor who had a stone which, placed
upon a patient's body, enabled its
owner to see into the body and locate
the disease, often made sad mistakes.
There had been a Korean hospital for
400 years, in. Seoul in wKlch 1000 doc
tors were supported at Government ex
pense. In its place, at the King's or
der, an American hospital was erect
ed, called. Hay * Min So-^-the t'House of
Civilized Virtue"— and Dr. Allen was
put In 'charge. Within a year half a
dozen operations were performed in
\ .' .'¦'. ¦ ¦' ' . '
In 1832 Korea made her first treaty
with any Occidental nation, and that,
singularly enough, was with the United
States. The missionary "society with
which Dr. Allen was connected was
eager to enter the hermit nation, and
soon a cablegram of a Etngle word was
placed In the young physician's • hand
in Shanghai; it read : t "Korea." The
meaning was clear— an attempt was
now to be made to introcuce Christian
ity to the strange "people in white"
who lived in that unknown peninsula
between Japan and - Northern China.
It was a delicate and dangerous ap
pointment, but by Dr. Allen's intro
ducing himself as a physician it was
believed that the great work of mis
sionary endeavor could be begun. Dr.
and Mrs. Allen went to Korea; and the
right by being born in Ohio — in Dela
ware, in 1858. Nearly all America's
representatives in the Far East had
from the Buckeye State. But from his
appearance it would be right to judge
that be had been raised on one of the
granite hills of New England, for he
is tall and extremely thin in face and
figure— a living image, in many ways,
of Uncle Sam.
Being graduated with honors from
his home college— Ohio Wesleyan Uni
versity—Mr. Allen passed on first to
Columbus and then to the Miami Medi
cal College. Completing his work there
the new-fledged physician set his face
westward to the Far East, and with
his wife — a classmate at Delaware —
went to China as a medical missionary
In 1S83.
Legation and^raised an American flag
over it. ; Allin wrote his American
friends at' Chemulpo that they need
not expect" him and his wife, for they
were not coming. \
."We couldn't if we would," was his
laconic way of putting it, "and *>we
wouldn't if .we could. I came to do
Just such -work. I can't leave these
wounded people. We Ehall live In the
legation with the old flag flying; and
trust the kind Father to care for, us."
So the "Aliens remained in Seoul;
"where buildings were burning, and
bullets now and then whizzing In the
streets.''-' . ¦ - _ ; »-v v • :
The doctor was soon called to the
bedside of 'the mangled Korean
Prince, Min Yong Ik. It was a cru
cial moment in his life; indeed, in the
history- of Americans and American
interests in Korea. A dozen Korean
doctors stood sullenly back when the
'young American physician was intro
duced into the 'sickroom; they had
brought their black wax and were just
ready to melt'ltiand pour it into the
gaping wounds to heal, them. If the
American failed, h!s cause was lost; if
he .succeeded the revolutionists, who
had attempted the Prince's ; life, j would
settle In* their own way with the fool
ish man who came to save the very
life they had tried to end.
¦ »/Ithout. hesitation the young man
set t<5 work: the. Korean doctors looked
on, as well , as a Chinese general,
while. the nimble fingers found and tied
the streaming arteries and sewed up
the siokening wounds. The* on:
By Archer B.
Hulbert,
Author of the
"Queen of Quelparte"
KOREAN EMPEROR'S YANKEE ADVISER
cury stood at zero throughout the East
it seemed intent on climbing out of the
top of the thermometer in San Fran
cjsco. The fat man's, collar wilted and
the slim man was too warm to see any
thing funny about It, but at the same
time they thanked their lucky stars
that Jack Frost was not taking a nip
•at them. For once in their lives even
the discontented were satisfied and
were perfectly, willing to agree that, of
a truth, California was the land of sun
shine and flowers and not such a bad
place after all. . ¦ .
the Middle West were pouring in thick
and fast.
Chicago's railroad and street car
traffic was impeded and all telegraph
and telephone communications inter
rupted. At St. Louis blizzard condi
tions prevailed and six Inches of snow
was measured. Threughout MiESourl
and Kansas City a light snow was ac
companied by a decided fall in tem
perature and as far south as Louis
ville, Kentucky, the crops were, serious
ly injured by a heavy snowfall and a
freezing temperature. , While. the mer-
It is a wise provision of nature and
at the same time one proof of the ex
istence of a higher intelligence than
ours that summer and winter, seed time
and harvest, day and night, succeed
one another with such uniformity. We
would be in a pretty plight if we could
net estimate to a second just when the
sun will to-morrow Deep over the east
ern horizon, or if some clear night we
should look ur> to the heavens and fail
to find our old friends the stars twink
ling down at us. It gives dignity and
tranquillity to life to be in a universe
which moves like clockwork.
There Is a human routine correspond
ing to the order of the universe. The
former is not quits so stable and un
varying, perhaps, as the latter, but It
Is a constant marvel to me that the
work of the world gets Itself done on
the whole so regularly, promptly and
efficiently. See the array of men and
women workers pouring into a great
city between 7 and 9 o'clock every
morning. With but occasional excep
tions each meets his appointment punc
tually at the machine, the counter or
the ledger. And so the total dally out
put of manual and mental energy can
be fairly well forecasted from morning
to morning, and the aggregate of re
sults accomplished by evening is some
thing almost phenomenal. The secret
is that every man in this anny sticks to
his routine.
No one has begun to master himself
if he cannot do that. Now and then a
genius may accomplish much on the
hop, skip and jump method of activity,
but If the rank and file of us are ever to
do anything worth while in the world
it will be because we have learned
— perhaps after considerable self-disci
pline—to rise from our slumbers at a
certain time, take our hats down from
the peg and fare forth to our tasks, to
stick at them until the evening. Our
routine, Instead of being sometljin* to
rebel against, is one of the crowning
blessings of our existence.
But there's a tremendous peril In It,
too. The banker who goes to his office
at such an hour daily Is hardly less
exposed to it than the man who hands
out transfers all day long at a street
railway junction. The great danger is
that the routine will become a rut. If
bo, all the enthusiasm and spontaneity
of action vanish. The man becomes a
machine. We see these human ma
chines on every side. They never take
a vacation. They are always harnessed
up. They would be dazed If the whistle
did not blow in the morning or if on
arrival at the office they had some
novel tasks assigned them. Some one
has aptly said thft tne only differ
ence between a groove and a grave is
a difference of one letter. And every
man of us is in danger of sinking a
little deeper into the groove until it
practically becomes a grave where all
our youthful hopes and ambitions will
lie forever burled.
The remedies? "Well, break away
from the routine now and then. Throw
It aside entirely for a day or a week.
The other day I heard a prominent
New York literary man characterize a
fellow worker in the sphere of letters
in this way: "Jones"— that isn't his
name — "has done a lot of hard and
good work, but he, is everlastingly at
It. He never seems to have^lme for
friendship."
Then, again, we are to find all the
variety we can in our monotonous path.
Phillips Brooks had a characteristic
little habit of personifying the days of
the week so that each represented to
some extent a different kind of work.
Of Thursday, for exaruple, he would
say: "Well, Thursday is a kind of be
tween day. It looks backward to Sun
day and forward to cr.other Sunday."
Are you sure you are getting all the
variety and -,Ice you can out of your
routine? ,
And perhaps the best way to avoid
becoming rutty or groovy is to culti
vate as you labor a sense of the eter
nal significance and worth of the thins
you are doing— no matter how common
or even menial it seems. Possibly that
sense of eternity was in the mind of
the Master of men when he said. "I
must work the works of him who sent
me while It Is day." THE PARSON.
ROUTINE
Versus
THE RUT
the House of Civilized Virtue every
morning, and nearly 100 dispensary pa
tients came for treatment every after
noon. This was the first institution of
Western civilization ever established ia
Korea.
Dr. Allen's experience wltn Koreans
and the confidence they had in him led
him quickly into a position of promi
nence. In 1S8S the first Korean em
bassy was sent to the United States,
causing a great sensation -in Korea
and a wave of good-humored wel
come in America to the strange visi
tors. It was a delicate matter to en
gineer, and it was to Dr. Allen that
the' Korean King turned to put it
through. Under an appointment as
"Foreign Secretary," Dr. Allen took
the odd-looking party across the sea
and presented them to the President
and safely located them -in Washing
ton.
The establishment of the embassy
was indeed due to Mr. Allen's influence
with the King. The United States
brought a claim against China for the
destruction by 'Koreans of an Ameri
can ship; the Chinese Government an
swered that it had no authority over
Korea, that Korea was an independent
power, and America should demand In
demnity of Korea.
The United States did so and when
the note reached the King he straight
way sent for Dr. Allen and asked him
what it all meant.
The American at once saw that here
was a splendid chance for Korea to
show her independence of China, since
China herself acknowledged it In her
reply; he urged the King to show that
his fcountry was really independent by
sending representatives to the powers
and establishing embassies. He pressed
the point so earnestly that at last the
% Klng consented, and then straightway
selected his Yankee adviser to establish
the embassy in America.
After the Korean embassy was es
tablished—the doctor's appointment ex
piring thereby— Dr. and Mrs. -Allen re
turned to Chemulpo 1 under an appoint
ment from the Presbyterian Board of
Missions. In the same fall he was of
fered and accepted the secretaryship
of Uhe American legation. In 1893 Dr.
Allen represented Korea at the Colum
bian Exposition; in that year also he
was requested by President Cleveland
to return to Seoul as Charge d'Affaires.
In 1897 he was made Resident Minister
and Consul General by President Mc-
Kinley, and In 1901 was appointed En
'voy Extraordinary and Minister Pleni
potentiary.
Through all these years in which
Korea has been the storm center of the
East, Allen's tall figure and long
strides have been familiar on the
streets of Seoul. His long experience j
has fitted him for the work of keep
ing a cool and a clear head at times
when everything seems unsteady. He
has/been strong on three counts.
He has made possible in Korea
works of American promotion which
European capitalists sought but could
not get; the first mining and railroad
concessions in Korea were obtained
for Americans after others had been
refused\ them, because no Korean be
lieved that Americans would make po
litical capital out of any commercial
advantages which might be given
them.
Again, Mr. Allen has had a sympathy
for the missionary interests whltfh has
•been exceedingly helpful. Were it not
for him it would perhaps be impossible
far American missionary societies to
point, as they do,- to Korea as the most
fruitful, field, comparatively speaking,
ever opened up In any foreign land.
Rev*. Dr. Arthur J. Brown of the Pres
byterian Missionary Society, after a
recent tour in Asia, affirmed to Presi
dent Roosevelt that Minister Allen was
one of the best American Embassadora
in Asia, his inquiry among the mis
sionaries in Korea having strengthened
*him in this belief.
Finally, Mr. Alien has kept America's
• skirts clear of the tangle of intrigue
which has been weaving in Seoul since
the murder of the Korean Queen in
1895. Yet, In doing this, Mr. Allen has
not sacrificed American Interests blI
any point. The representative of no
nation in Korea has a more united and
sympathetic backing from his fellow
countrymen than the American repre
sentative has in Feoul to-day.
Among the Koreans in their normal
state there is no fear for the aafety
of the head* of the American colony
or any of its members. The Korean
Government handles foughly any one
who insults the foreign representatives.
X-yAXIFORNlA gave her Eastern
I / visitors a complete surprise party
W) ***• °ther day. and one that they
'J^ appreciated to its fullest extent.
They had grown weary of shoveling
paths of snow and huddling about try
ing to keep warm, so, at the earliest
opportunity, picked up bag and bag
gage and fled from the eastern half of
the continent Just as fast as they pos
sibly could- Beyond the Mississippi
there were cold rains, snow flurries and
blizzards. The frenzied storm shrieked
Its loudest, shook its fiercest and raged
so furiously that the unfortunates who
had been caught by the storm sylphs
were tempted to raise their* voices and
ehriek aloud with the elements.
But once within the Golden Gate the
.exiles promptly shed their fur coats
and heavy ciothlng and discovered to
their dismay as well as j delight th'at
• they were entirely unequipped for Cali
fornia and her weather. Out here the
flowers were blooming in riotous con
fusion and the birds were flitting from
tree to tree, making day glad with their
joyous songs. The streets were filled
•with girls in cheer, white waists and
summer hats and with chaps clad In
the .lightest of the light and topped off
with Panamas. Every home body de
clared it was decidedly warm, but to
the visitors with frozen blood the heat
came as a blessed relief. For a djy or
bo they thought they had found a Par
adise on earth and words were inade
quate to express their delight and won
derment. And then they too joined the
ranks of the merry throng whose chief
aim in life is to find a cooling soda
fountain and a gentle, refreshing Pa
cific breeze. In fact, they even thawed
to such an exvent that they entirely
¦forgot that railroads were completely
blocked in great snowdrifts and that
hundreds of telegraph poles had been
blown down or undermined with water.
Such a thing as a fnowplow never en
tered their heads as they basked in the
sun and thoroughly enjoyed those per
fect days that Lowell loved to sing
about.
While Californians thought it was
the hottest spell that they had been
treated to for many a long year, statis
tics say that it really was not. April
14. 1S8S, and April 12, 18S7, were hotter.
On April 9, 1904, the temperature mount
to £3 degrees, whereas the other days
mentioned it rose to 88 degrees. This
\vaa all due, eo Professor McAdie of
the Weather Bureau says, to the exist
ence of a great area of high pressure.
The disagreeable weather in the East
was due to an area of low pressure.
Here It was not warm a few hundred
feet in the air. In the stratum of at
mosphere that enveloped California the
radiations from land to water were con
fined and it was hot in consequence, so
warm, in fact, that throughout the en
tire Etate the temperature was about
eight degrees above the normal.
When the Etate Medical Society was
banqueting at Paso Robles in the open
and wondering Just why the sun was
•ending forth his hottest rays, an April
blizzard, bringing with It two and a
half feet of snow and sleet, was doing
lt» best to isolate Western Minnesota
and the largest part of North Dakota.
Th« railroad tracks of the Great North
ern were under a foot of water and the
Missouri and Milk rivers were both out
of their banks and causing great
anxiety. Wisconsin came in for her
share of snow* and wind and to such
an alarming extent that basements
were promptly vacated and the houses
In the lowlands were considered' dan
gerous. The people of Chicago were
wrapped In furs to their v£ry eyes and
New Yorkers sighed in vein for a little
of the warmth that ia si/ generously
supplied them during the summer
months. In fact, while the doctors were
spending their three days— the 20th. 21st
and 22d — driving about the country in
automobiles and fairly living uut of
doors, the reports of heavy storm3 in
THE SAN i FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALC.
13
TIMELY TOPICS OF THE WORLDmatched himselr ten, thousand ..times
against the restless might of the sea;
Immeasurable and .unrestrained, sur
viving the gamut of its moods because.
he was great in strength, fearlessness,
and cunning. He weathered "four, hun
dred gales, from the gray gusts which
come" down between Quid'-Nunc and the
Man-o'-War,- leaping ,upon the; fleet,' ; to
the summer tempests, swift and black,
and the first blizzards of winter. He
was wrecked off the'Mull, off ', the Three
Poor Sisters, on the Pancake Rock, and*
again on the Mull.- Seven times', he was •'
swept -to. sea ;by; the off-shore wind.
Eighteen times -he ' was' frozen to the
seat of his punt; and of these,' eight
times his feet were, frozen and, thrice
bis festered right hand. ; All this" he suf
fered, and more, of which ;I' may, set
down six separate periods of starva
tion, in which thirty-eight men,', women ¦
and. children died— all^this, with all
the toil,' cold, despair, {loneliness, hun
ger, peril and disappointment therein
contained. . . \
And so he came down to old age —
with a bent back, shrunken arms and
filmy eyes — old Solomon Stride, ' now
prey for the^ young sea.. But, of? an
evening In spring, he sat with Priscilla
on the sunken bench , at the door, . and
talked hopefully" of the fish he would
catch from this punt. "*"" .'.
"Priscilla, : dear," said he, rubbing his
hand over his "weazened thigh", \ "I,' be
thlnkln' us punt flshermen'll have
a — •• 'i : . ' '¦ ' '' ¦ ;-'-u, ' . -
Priscilla was not attending; she was
looking into the shadows . above the
harbor water, dreaming deeply of "a
mystdty of \ the Book, which > had long
puzzled her; so, , in , silence, Solomon,
too, waUhed the shadows rise and sul
lenly hang between the 'great: rocks.
"Solomon, b'y," • she "I
wonder what the seven "thunders gut
tered."
" Tis quare,; that— what the seven
thunders uttered," said " Solomon. • "My,
woman, but.'tls!"-"
" 'An* he set his right foot upon the
sea, 1 " she repeated, staring, over -the
graying waterto" the" clouds 'which
flamed gloriously at ,the edge ;Of V the
world. : " 'an' : ; his ' left ~ foot QD ' the
earth—'",' .—,-..• -'.. z '.';.-' \ ¦'-;'.._.'"
"''An', cried with a loud voice,'" said
m ?*. rranolln*
-an* when she made" ! the Gra ?P lin ,
Hook grounds she come about an
headed for the tickle, with her sans
squared. Sure she ran right overv tne
Pancake, b'y, like he weren't there
at all, an'— How's the wind, by?
"Dead off shore from the tickle.
Solomon stared at Luke. " Sh « were
comin' straight, in again the wlnd,^
he said, hoarsely. "Maybe, skipper,
he went on, with a little laugh, she
do be: the ship for souls. They be
many things strong men knows noth
in* about. What think you?"
"Ay — may be; may be she be.'
"May be^ — may be— she do be In
visible f mortal eyes. May be, skip
per, you I hasn't seed her; may be Us
that my eyes do be opened f such
sights. May be she've turned in — for
me." . .-.
The men turned their faces to the
window again and gazed long and In
tently at the sea, which a storm cloud
had turned back. "Skipper Luke,
said. Solomon with a smile as of one
in an enviable . situation, "'tis fine t
have nothin' again you on the books
when you comes t' die."
"Sure, b'y," said Luke, hesitating
not at all, though he knew to a cent
what was on the books against Solo
mon's name, "'tis fine f be free o*
debt."
"Ah," said Solomon, the smile
broadening gloriously, " 'tis fine, I tells
you. 'Twas the three hundred quintal
I cotchedilast season that paid un all
up. Twas a : gran" cotch — last year.
Ah," he .sighed, " 'twaa a gran* cotch
o* fish." ' t#
"Iss— you be free o* debt now, b y.
"What be the balance t* my credit,
skipper? Sure I forget.**
"Hem-m." the skipper coughed,
pausing to form a guess which might
be within Solomon's dream; then he
ventured: "Fifty dollars?"
"Iss," said Solomon, "fifty, an
moare. skipper. Sure, you has forgot
the eighty cents."
"Fifty-eighty," said the skipper pos
itively. " 'Tls that. I call un f mind
now. Tis fifty-eighty— Iss, sure. Did
you get a receipt for un, Solomon?
• "I doan't mind me now."
"Um-m-m— well," said the skipper,
"I'll send un f the woman the 'night —
an order on the Lucky Star."
"Fifty-eighty for the woman!" said
Solomon. " 'Twill kape her off the
Gov'ment for three years, an she be
"savin*: 'Tls fine— that!"
When the skipper had gone. Pris
cilla crept in and sat at the head of
the bed, holding Solomon's hand; and
they Were silent for a long time, -while
the evening approached.
"I be goaln'.t* die the night, dear,"
said Solomon at last.
' "Iss, b'y," she answered; ••you "be
gbaln* t* die?"
" Tia ¦ not hard.** said Solomon.
"Sh-h-h," he whispered, as . though
about to impart a .secret- .- 'The ship
that's hangin* off shoare, waltin* for
me soul, do be a fine craft — with shin
jn*'canvas an* ropes. ' Sh-h! .She do
be t'other side o* Mad' Mull now —
waltin'."
Priscilla trembled, for Solomon had
come to the time of visions— when the.
words of the .dying are the v words of
prophets,, and contain revelations.
What of the titterings of " the seven
'.thunders?.
. "Sure "' the Lard' have blessed us.
Priscilla," said Solomon, rational
again. "Goodness an* marcy has fol
lowed us all the days o* our lives. Our
cup runneth over."
"Praise the Lard!" said Priscilla.
"Sure." Solomon went on, smiling like
a little child, "we've had but eleven
famines, an* we've had the means o*
grace pretty regular, wnich Is what
they hasn't t* Round Arbor. We've had
one little baby for a little while. Iss —
one de-ear little baby, Priscilla: and
there's them that's had none o* their
own at all. Sure we've had enough t*
eat when they wasn't a famine — an*
bakm' powder an' raisins, an' all they
things, an' sugar an' rals- good tea,
An' you had a merino dress an* I had
a suit o* rale tweed com* straight from
England. Ah, tha Lard have favored
us above our deserts. He'va been good
t* us, Priscilla. But. oh, you hasn't
had the sewin' machane and you hasnt
had the peachstone t' plant in tha car
den. 'Tis my fault, dear, 'tis not tha
Lard's. I should 'a' got you th» paach
stono from St. Johns, yon did want na
so much— oh, so much! Tis that I ba
sorry for, now, dear; but tla all ortr,
an 1 I can't help It."
" 'Tis nothin", Solomon," aha sobbed.
"Sure, I was Joakln* all tha tima,
•Twouldn't *a* growed.**
"Ah," he cried, radiant, "was r«a
Joakln* r*
"Sure." sh» said.
Priscilla held Tola band a long h™»
after that—* long, silent ttma. In wbicS
the soul of the man struggled tA re
lease itself, until it waa hald by but • '
The old man seemed not to haar,
"Solomon. b'yP ah* cried.
"Iss*" faintly.
8ho leaned over him to whisper In
his car. v * V
"Does yon bw th« gates o* heavtar*
she said. "Oh, does yout**
"Sure, dear j heaven do be—"
Solomon had not strength enough to
complete the sentence.
"B'y! B*y!"
He opened his eyes and turned them
to her face. There was a gleam of a
tender smile in them.
"The seven thunders, 1 * she said. "The
nttern's of the seven thunders — what
was they, b'y V*
"'An' the seven thunders uttered
their voices,* " he mumbled, " 'an'— * **
She waited, rigid, listening, to hear
the rest: but no words came to her
ears. . "
"Does you hear me. b'y?" she said.
** 'An* seven — thundera — uttered their
voices,* " he gasped, " 'an* the seven
thunders— said— said * '*
t~he light failed and all the light and
golden glory went out of the sky, for
the first cloud of a tempest had cur
tained the sun.
" 'An* said * ** aha prompted.
** 'An* uttered— an* saux— an'— said— * **
"Oh, what?" she moaned.
Now, In that night, when the body
of old Solomon Stride, a worn-out hulk,
aged and wrecked in the toll of the
- deep, fell into the hands of Death, the
sea, like a lusty youth, raged furiously
In those parts. The ribs of many
slimy and rotten, and the
fvhlte bones of men in the offshore
Bepths, knew of Its strength in that
hour— of Its black, hard wrath, In gust
and wave and breaker.
Eternal. in might and malignance la
the sea! It groweth not old with the
• men who toil from its coasts. As Iffe
written, the life of a mania a shadow,
1 swiftly passing, and the |jays of hia
strength are less; but the sea shall en
. dure in the might of youth to the wreck
; of the world.
tie, .whispering in awe, " 'as when a ¦
lion' roareth, j an' . when he had cried,
seven thunders uttered their
,." 'Seven thunders uttered their
voices,'." said she; " 'an* ¦' .when . the
seven thunders had uttered" their
voices," I ' was * about to write,, an',. I
heard a voice from heaven* sayin' unto
me, Seal up those things which the
seven thunders uttered, an* write them
not.' "
The- wind from the wilderness, cold
and, black, covered the. hills with mist; ¦
the 'dusk' fell, and the glory faded from
the heights.
"Oh, Solomon," she said, clasping, her
hands, ,- V'l; wonder what' th'e seven
thunders uttered! ; Think you, b'y, 'twas
the kind;-o'«- sins that- can't be - for
given?" - - " x . ' . vX^/i
"Sh-h-h, dear," he said,- patting her
gray head;' VthlnklnV en they,: thlngs'll
capsize an' n you don't; look out."
•"'An'." seven thunders ; uttered their
voices,' "she said dreamily. " :
~ vSh-h-lv dear!" said he. "Leave us
goa. in." - • ''
Twenty-one years longer old Solomon
Stride fished out of Ragged ' Harbor.
He' put to ; sea five thousand , times
more, : weathered two hundred more
gales, survived five more famines— all
in Jhe'toil for famine and cod. He was
a . punt fisherman again, was old Solo
mon;. for the nets of the trap had rot
ted,' had been renewed six times, strand
by strand, ¦ and -. had , rotted ' at last \be
yond 'repair. ..What with the weather
he dared 'not; pit his falling strength
against, the return of fish to Luke Dart
fell off from year* to year;, but, as Solo
mon said '¦ to Luke, "llvln" expenses
kep*. up wonderful," notwithstanding.
"I be so used t* luxuries," he went bnj
running his hand through his long gray
hair, • "that 'twould . be hard tV come
down t* common llvln'. Sure, 'tis sugar
I wants .t'' me . tea—not *¦ black-strap.
•Tis what I l'arned," he added proudly,
''when I were l a trap fisherman."
'.' "Tla all right,' S61omon,*V said Luke.
"Mariy's the quintal o'flsh you traded
with me." . : .
"Sure," i Solomon chuckled; " 'twould
take a_ year t 1 count un."
. In the course of time it came to the
end . of Solomon's first season— those
days of it when, "as the folk of the coast
say, the *, sea is ' hungry ¦ for.- lives— and
-the man was 81 years old, and the debt
to Luke . Dart had crept up to $230 80.
The offshore wind, , rising suddenly,
with a blizzard in its train, caught him
alone on the;Grappling;Hobfc grounds.
¦•He was old, ' very old— old .and feeble
and ', dull; , the cold ?. numbed him; : the
snow blinded him f the' wind made sport
of/ the .-strength of his arms. He was
carried out to sea, rowing doggedly,
thinking all the time that he was draw-
Ing, near the harbor tickle; for it did
not occur to hikn that the last of 800
gales could b~e too great for him. He
was carried out from the sea,- where
the strength 'of his youth had been
spent, .to the deep, which' had been a
mystery to him all his days. That
night he passed on a pan of Ice, where
he burned his boat, splinter by splinter,
to keep warm. At dawn he lay down
to die. . "•
The snow ceased, the wind changed;
the. ice was carried to Ragged Harbor.
EJeazar. Manuel spied the body of Solo
mon from the lookout and put out and
brought him In. revived him and took
him home to Priscilla.- Through the
winter. the old man. doddered about the
harbor, dying of consumption. When
the tempered days - came— the days of
balmy-sunshine and cold evening winds
—he came quickly to, the pass of.glit
tering'visions, which, for such" as die
of the lung trouble, come at the end
of life.: . V
. In the spring, when the Lucky . Star;
three days out from Boot Bay, put Into
Ragged Harbor to trade - for : the ' first
catch, old: Skipper Luke ¦ Dart was
aboard,- making his last voyage to the
shore;. for he was very old and longed
once more to see the rocks of all tfiat
coast -before he made ready to die.
When he came ashore, Eleazar Manuel
told him. that Solomon Stride lay dying
at home; so the\ skipper went > to*the
cottage under the " lan-o'-War to .say
good-by to his old customer and friend
—and there found him, proppe'd' up in
- : bed,' staring atthe sea. ' *• t .' ,
,"Skipper Luke," ;'. Solomon . quavered,
In "deep excitement, "be' you .Just come
in. ; b'y?" -¦ ¦- Vv^i^v." ¦ > •
"Iss— but an hour gone.'£ v ; "• .
'IWhat be the b:«; craft , hahgin* off
shoare* • Eh— what be she> b'y ?"
There had been no craft in sight when
.the. Lucky Star beat In. - •'Were she a
fore-an'-after, v Solomon?" said ¦'- Luke,
evasively.
,'; "Sure, noa, b'y!" cried Solomon. "She
were ', a j square rigged ¦ craft, with all
sail set— a great, gran* craft— a quare
craft, .b'y^-b'y— like she were made o 1
. glass, canvas an* .'. hull anV all; an*, she
'".' had ¦ shinln' ropes, an" she were shinln 1
.all over. '.Sure, they.be a* star, tV the' tip
o' her bowsprit, b'y, an* a star t'. the
: peak o' her mainmast— seven stars they
be, in all. Oh, she were a gran* sight!"
'¦: ', "Hem-m ! ", said I Luke. * stroking * his
; beard. . "She've not come' In yet."
\ : "She were , bound :down' north t* ; the
*- Labrador," Solomon went on quickly,
in their craft. In their swift assault, In
their slow, crushing descent; but all
the cod he could wrest from the sea,
being given into the . hands of, Ltoke
Dart, an honest man, yielded only suf
ficient provision for food and clothing
for himself and Priscilla — only enough
to keep their bodies warm and still the
crying of their stomachs. Thus, while
the nets of the trap rotted, and
Solomon came near to middle age, the
debt swung from $700 to 57, and bacfc»
to 573, which it was on an evening
in spring, when he s"at with Priscilla
on the sunken bench at the door and
dreamed great dreams, as he watched
the shadows gather over the harbor
water and sullenly hang between the
great rocks, rising all round about.
"I wonder, b'y," said Priscilla, > "if
'twill be a good season — this year." '
"Oh, sure!" exclaimed Solomon.
"Sure!" '//iTV -'?¦
"D'ye think It, b'y?" wistfully.
"Woman," said he, impressively,
"us'll cotch a hape o* fish in the trap
this year. They be millions o' fish
t* the say," he went on excitedly." They
be there, woman. • 'Tis oan'y for us t'
take un out. I be goin' to wark hard
this year." ¦-.?..;
"You be a great warker, Solomon,"
said she; "my, but you be!"
Priscilla smiled, and Solomon
smiled, and it was as though all the
labor and peril of the season were
past and the stage were full to the
roof with salt cod. In the happiness
of this dream they smiled again, and
turned their eyes to the hills, from
which the glory of purple, and yellow
was departing to make way. fop the
misty dusk.
"Skipper Luke Dart says t' me,"
said Solomon, "that 'tis , the' luxuries
that keeps folk poor."
Priscilla said nothing at all.
"They be nine dollars again me In
seven years for crame o* tartar," said
Solomon. "Think o' that!"
"My," said she, "but 'Us a lot! But
will be used to un now, Solomon, an'
we can't got along without un."
"Sure," said he, " 'tis good we're not
'poor like some folk."*
In thirty years after that time Solo
mon Stride put to sea ten thousand
times. Ten thousand times he passed
through the tickle rocks to the free,
heaving deep for salmon and cod,
thereto compelled by the inland waste,
which contributes nothing to the sus
tenance of the men of that coast. Hun
ger, lurking In the shadows of days to
come, inexorably drove him into! the
chances of the conflict. Perforce he
good times or bad. I'll pay for un,
skipper, with the first fish I cotches."
Said Luke Dart: "When I trust,
b'y, I trust. You pays for un when you
can."
It was a compact, so at the end of
the season Solomon builded a cottage
under the Man-o'-War, Broad Cove
way. and married a maid of the place.
In five months of that winter he made
the trap, every net of It, leader and all,
with his own hands, that he might
know that the work was good to the
last knot and splice. In the spring he
put up the stage and the flake and
made the skiff; which done, he wait
ed for a sign of fish. When the tem
pered days came he hung the net on
the horse, where It could be seen from
the threshold of the cottage. In the
evenings he sat with Priscilla on the
bench at the door and dreamed great
dreams, while the red sun went down
in the sea and the shadows crept out
of the wilderness.
"Woman, dear." said this young Sol
omon Stride, with a slap on his great
thigh. " 'twill be a gran* season for fish
this year."
"Sure, b'y," said Priscilla, tenderly; j
" 'twill be a gran* season for fish."
"Ay," Solomon sighed, " 'twill that—
this year."
" 'Tis handy t* three hundred an* fifty
dollars I owes Luke Dart for the
twine/* mused Solomon.
*' Tis not much," said Priscilla, smil
ing, "when you has a trap."
"Us'll pay un all up this year," said
Solomon.
"SuFel" said she, echoing his con
fidence.
"Us'll pay un for a trap, dear,"
chuckled Solomon, "an* have enough
left over t' buy a — "
"Oh," she cried, with an ecstatic
gasp, "a sewin* machane!"
"Iss.** he roared. "Sure, girl.**
But In the beginning of the season,
when the first fish ran In for the
caplln and the nets were set out, the
ice was still hanging off shore, drift-
Ing vagrantly with the wind; and
there came a gale in the night, spring
ing from the noifcheast — a great, vi
clous.wind, which gathered the ice
in a pack and drove it swiftly in upon
the land.
Solomon dragged the trap from the
bottom. Great holes were bruised in
the nets, head rope and. span line were
ground to pulp, the anchors were lost.
Thirty-seven days and nights It took**
to make the nets whole again, and In
that time the great spring run of cod
passed by. So in the next spring Solo
mon was deeper in the debt of sym
pathetic Luke Dart- — for the new
twine and for the winter's food he
had eaten; but of an evening when
he sat on the bench with Priscilla he
looked through the gloaming shad
ows gathered over the harbor water
and hanging between the great rocks
to the golden summer approaching
and dreamed gloriously of the fish
he would catch in his trap. B3I
"Priscilla, dear," said Solomon
Stride. . slapping his Iron thigh, "they
be a fine rfgn o* fish down the coast.
Twill be a gran* season, I'm thlnkln'."
"Sure, b'y," Priscilla agreed; "'twill
be a gran' cotch o* fish you'll have this
year." .
"Us'll pay Luke Dart this year, I
tells you," said Solomon, like a boast
ful boy. ) "Us'll pay him twice over."
•"Twill be fine to have the ma.
chane." said she, with shining eyes.
"An* the calico f use un on," said
he.
" Twill be fine." said she.
It chanced in that year that the fish
failed utterly; hence the winter follow
ing Ragged Harbor fell upon days of
distress; and three old women' and one
(Copyright by McClure. Phillips & Co.)
LONG ago, when young Luke
Dart, the Boot Bay trader, was
ambitious for shore patronage,
he said to Solomon Stride of
Bagged Harbor, a punt fisherman: -
"Solomon, b*y, an* you be willln*. Til
trust you with twine for a cod trap.
An* you trade with me, by,. I'll trade
with you, come good times or bad." .
Solomon was young and lusty, a
mighty youth In bone and seasoned
muscle, lunged like a blast furnace,
courageous and finely eangulne. Said
he:
"An* you trust me with twine for a
bap. skipper. I'll deal fair by you. come
old man starved ; to death— and five
children, of whom one was the , Infant
son of Solomon Stride. Neither In that
season, nor In any one of the thirteen
years coming after, did this man catch
three hundred quintals of cod In this
trap. In pure might of body— In plentl
tude and quality of strength— In the
full, eager power of brawn— he was
great as the men of any time, a tower
ing glory to the whole race, here hid
den; but he could not catch three hun
dred quintals of cdd. In spirit. In pa
tience, hope, courage and the fine will
for toll — he was great; but good season
or bad, he could not catch three hun
dred quintals of cod. He met night,
cold fog, wind and the fury of waves
THE " SAN ' FRANCISCO' SUNDAY ; CALL.
THE FRUITS OF TOIL"Lasf year,'.' he quavered on. "there
was but' three small buds on if this
year there's but, '.wan. V"I» misdoubt If
it's alive ; .at all— -the love \ bush'll be—
another year." v-, ¦ -C " \ • .
• She i moved * Btumbllngly.*away ; f pom
him across ; th"e c grass . - to - ; the -'south
wall. '• Jerry -scarcely' 'breathed J as..' he
followed* arid stood behind ,• her. Oh,
the . wealth of .'.blossom \ the love bush
had once b'orne !T She remembered
bring the fragrant armfuls to her on
the anniversary of^ its planting— the
day ,the.Aleck : had, brought her , home.
N 0W —U_; She!- looked at -the blighted,
twlsted*leaves,» clinging as If for, shel
ter, to 'the ; wall,; and. a^sob, ''¦ which was
the : upheaval of; all r the i torture and
despair in ' her heart, .tore ; her delicate
throat £ Her. face; as • she r turned "it to
Jerry was an; aacony.i. ;¦:¦'. v\ '.).:,;;• « r
;VSave:lt! f »ishe pleaded,- -!Oh, : Jerry,
if'it Is not quite •;defad,;Ba.ve:it!".' ; ;
. 4 "Tea '•. ma'arii."' rBut • '.'Jerry's. '.voice
" His voice* . had trailed off Into" the
Inexpressibly • sad ¦ monotone of his
race. The -slender figure before him
quivered,' '') her' hands twisting ; them
selves convulsively in the folds. of her
cloak. T v • ¦ : '. : ' ' ,' ¦ •• "., ..•¦.
Her fingers had gone swiftly • to ;her
throat as if the laces there strangled
her. Jerry watched 'her for a moment
"An' sure there . never was* such a
tree for bloasomlri',". he < went on slow
ly. "I used 'to' think", that" the love In
the eyes of yez both' that' day. blessed
it 'Sure 'tis : a love bush'.V I sez, to
meself. An' 'tisn't in yer two arms ye
could carry the roses on itwhea.it be
gun to ¦; bloom, an' they the sweetest
that ever grew. } But lately— somehow
— I dunno ¦"_ *'.- - . . . ¦ _•
yez now, standin'.hand in hand lookin*
at me — — -" ' --. ' •• '.'• :-" '-<'"":'
(Copyright 1904, by T. C. McCIure.) as he measured his strength against
OLD Jerry lifted his head and his opponent's. With a sense of help
looked after "the mistress" with less inadequacy his old figure col
vague distress while she made lapsed tremblingly. But the habit of
her third restless round of the year, in extremity,, was strong upon
grounds. Then he dug savagely in the him. His head fell forward. reverently
bed of scarlet geraniums Irrespective on his breast . ...
of the plants' good. -"God Almighty," he breathed, "this
"Why doesn't the master come makes the third time this week, an'
home?" he demanded querulously, I dunno— I dunno Where's Mr. Aleck!"
with the anxiety of one who had lov-' The man he hated was walking
Ingly followed "the master's" life up bareheaded beside the mistress. Their
from the days of white cotton socks steps turned to a* tall shrubbery at the
and sailor collars. other end of the grounds. Jerry made
The trowel dropped from his hand a hobbling -detour by the back of the
as his eyes turned back to the tall hous « and reached it first . He was
figure in its trailing white draperies. on his knees again, trowel In hand,
Her dark eyes had been too filled with but hidden by the dense growth when
woe to notice the old gardener. Her tne y Passed.
arms were crossed upon her bosom " Why . do you submit to this ne
as though she would thus hold down Blect?" the even,; insidious tone, was
the tumult that beat there. Here was urging. "Believe me, I have not : told
the very center and core of the mas- y° u one-half of . what has . come un
ter's life, old Jerry knew it, and bidden to . my. knowledge. - * * •
yct ¦__.. .^;^ Constance* .*. • the way .of es-
Hls face changed suddenly as cape is always, open!" -'
though an evil cloud had passed be- OId Jury's breath came, in hard,
fore the sun's brightness. His very dry puffs as he listened. ¦ His fingers
body seemed to become gnarled and du * themselves Into . the ground,-tar
twisted, while his hands closed and ln * u * handfuls of sod. It had^ come
unclosed suggestively at his sides, to this then! ... . ¦ ¦ >v£,u
driving the'nalls into the hard palms. " Blast Wm! Blast his lying tongue!"
Every breath he drew was an un- The force of the, words, rent him
spoken malediction upon the man who from head to , foot, as he.shook his
came through the gate, to meet his ;,^I^^gj^^^gr^d
mistress. _ ,- slowly on his tetf, seeming to grow
"You're there, are ye, ye black- y Ounger an d stronger, ,, as h h« did ; bo.
hearted sarpant!" he panted. ', The' blood of ¦ the -fighting- race" still
His heart seemed to die within him beat In his veins in spite of his 70
was husky and he drew his coat-sleeve
across his eyes. " 'Tls safe enough
she is now, glory be to God!" he add-'
ed in a .whisper.
He stood in the shadow of the wall
until she had stolen back to the house,
carrying the one poor blossom of the
love bush with her. Then he made his
way to where beyond the grounds lay
a strip of moonlit road.
At sight of the figure which pa,ced
Impatiently back 'and forth there
Jerry's body was contorted again, but
this time with savage triumph.
"Aye," t he hissed slowly, "ye may
walk, an'* ye -may walk agin', an' ye
may keep on walkin' .'till the feet drop
off ye an' the divll gits his own — but
ye'll never get what yer waltln' for —
an' the L>ord be praised for it!"
-It was the "one regret of Jerry's life
that he was in bed and asleep that
night when ¦ the master got home.
Evidently . Johnny, with the aid of a
sudden and suspicious ailment of the
bay mare,, had. "made his soul" to
some* purpose that morning. The
master had arrived at 10 o'clock, ac
cording to .'Mrs.. Riley. the cook, and.
to 'the best of her belief, he and the
mistress had talked all night
Jerry was assiduously doing his best
.for the. love bush the* next, morning
/when they came out of the house, Mr.
.Aleck's 'strong shoulder behind the
mistress, she leaning back against him,
her face white and shining with love.
? «,The old. gardener rose quickly arid
came to meet them. -
¦ .'• "If : you'll believe me, ma'am," he
-began eagerly," 'tis a - new shoot I Just
-this mlnit found on the rose bush be
the' south wail, an*, as true as I live.
If -TUsri't covered with strong, healthy
buds!" ' > -<-^'
years. It blazed in the blue eyes
under their/ shaggy brows, promising
war to the death before those he loved
and served were Injured.
Air that day he watched the house
and grounds untiringly. His mistress
had bidden. her visitor good-by at the
gate and walked slowly back to the
house as though all life and hope .were
gone from ".her, and he saw her no
more./
At- midnight he installed Johnny,
Mr. ; Aleck's favorite groom, In his
place. • V. • . *
"Don't ye make no sound nor word,"
he. admonished, -."an' ye don't need to
know: what yer. here for, but if ye see
ariny wan ! goin' or comin* call me.
An' Johnny, b'y, if ye could anny way
get word to "the master ih the i mornin*
to come home, 'tis- makln' yer sowl
you'd* be."
.When". 'morning! came he relieved
Johnny at 6. o'clock, the latter having
seenno one "comin' or: goln\". arid
again took up his surveillance of the
house. ' It 'was dusk when at last the
figure 'he -had been' looking; for came
slowly down - the steps. She had al
most reached the gate when Jerry i his
old heart beating in his throat, step
ped out on the gravel walk beside her.
- - "I dunno if you' noticed, ma'am,'.' he
sald ; casually, touching | his hat "but
I'm afraid 'tis dying the rose bush be
the south wall Is.'!.
' She had'halted, looking at him In
uncertainty; .bewilderment- for a mo
ment displacing the 'listless, despair of
her.face.- — ¦ y.. : ---" '"'"¦¦' yj\-'.:'-i' ¦/' -
¦ '.." 'Twill -be ten; year, ago, come to
morrow week/, since' I- planted- it."
Jerry .went '. on ; remlniscently, . "I mind
well !twas. the very day n the master
brought , ye home, ma'am. ' I can see
• IH&^v nioF " II j.<n»Tin^^»ff* ¦ Of -tin inni nn& t\ y\ $>*
JERRY'S LOVE BUSH
But life is a mystery. The fact re
mains: here Is the ideal wife seeking
In vain for a husband. And here Im
mediately underneath— I will not say
the Ideal husband, he may have faults,
cone cf us are perfect, but as men go
a decided acquisition to any domestic
hearth, an agreeable gentleman, fond
of home life — none of your gadabouts —
calla aloud to the four winds for a wife
—any sort of a wife, provided she be
of- serious disposition. In his despair
he has grown indifferent to other con
siderations. Is there in this world, he
has said to himself, one unmarried wo
man, willing to marry me, an agree
able man. In receipt of a good income?
Possibly enough this twain have pass
ed each other in the street, have sat
side by side In the same tram car,
never guessing each one that the other
¦was the very article of which they
were in want to make life beautiful.
Mistresses in search of a servant— not
eo much with the idea of getting work
out of her. rather with the object of
making her happy, advertise on one
page. On the opposite page, domestic
treasures — disciples of Carlyle, appar
ently, with passionate love of work for
its own sake, are seexing situations,
not so much with the desire of gain
as with the hope of finding openings
where they may enjoy the luxury of
feeling they are leading useful lives.
These philanthropic mistresses, these
toil-loving hand-maidens, have lived
side by side In the same town for years,
never knowing one another. So it is
with these poor European peoples. They
pass me in the street 1 They do not
guees that I am ready and willing to
take them under my care, to teach
them common sense, with a smatter
ing of Intelligence,, to be, as one might
eay, a father to them. They look at
me. There is nothing about me to tell
them that I know what Is good for
them better than they do themselves.
In the fairy tales the wise man wears
a comical hat and a long robe with
twiddly things all around the edge. You
time — a feeble stream, dribbling
through acres of muddy bank. At
Charleroi, the center of the Belgian
Black Country, the chief feature of
the carnival is the dancing of the chil
dren. A space Is specially . roped off
for them. If by chance the sun is kind
Nearly every town gives prizes for
the .best, group of maskers. In some
cases the first prize amounts to ' as
much as £200. The butchers, the
bakers, the candlestick-makers join
together and compete. They arrive In
wagons— each group with _• Its band.
Free trade Is encouraged. Each neigh
boring town nnd village "dumps" its
load of picturesque merry-makers. It
ia in these" smaller towns that the spirit
of King Carnival finds happiest expres-
sion. Almost : every third Inhabitant
takes part In the fun. In Brussels and
the larger tqwns the thing appears ri
diculous. A few hundred maskers force
their way with difficulty through thou
sands of dull-clad, spectators, looking
like a Spanish river. in the summer
old cognac — half and half, you under
stand—is about the best thing. But II
only happens once a year," she added.
bcious companions, in this way gentle
men for the east are dragged out by
the legs at Junctions and packed into
trains going west; while southern
fathers are Bhot out in the chill dawn
at lonely northern stations to find
themselves greeted with enthusiasm
by other people's families. At Blnche
they say— I have not counted them my
self—that thirty thousand maskers can
be seen dancing at- the same time, do you personally prefer?" "The smart
When they are not dancing they are people," she answered, '.'they are the
throwing oranges at one another. The . same everywhere— they must be ex
houses board up their windows. The travagant— they use the Java orange,
restaurants take down their mirrors If it hits you on the back, I prefer the
and hide away the glasses. If I went Java orange. Of course it's more
masquerading at Binche I should go messy than the other, but it does not
as a man in armor, period Henry the leave behind It that curious sensation
Seventh. "Doesn't it hurt?" I asked of having been temporarily stunned.
a lady who had been there, "having Most people, of course, make use of the
oranges thrown at you? Which sort small, hard orange. If you duck in
do they use, speaking generally; those time and so catch it on the top of your
fine. Juicy ones— Javas, I think you call head it does not hurt so much as you
them— or the little hard brand with would think. If, of course, it hits you
skin like a nutmeg-grater? And, If both on' a tender placo-^well, myself, I'al
aorts are used Indiscriminately, which ways find that a little sal volatile with
• « •
CT^HERE is so much I could do to
I Improve things generally in and
'I about Europe If only I had a free
JL hand. I should not propose any
great fundamental changes. These poor
people have got used to their own
ways; it would be unwise to reform
them all at once. But there are many
little odds and ends that I could do
for them, so many of their mistakes
I could correct for them. They do not
know this. If they only knew that
there was a man living in their midst
willing to take them in hand and ar
range things for them, how glad they
would be! But the story is alwayB the
same. One reads it in the advertise
ments of the matrimonial column: "A
lady, young, said to be good-looking" —
she herself is not sure on the point,
the feels that possibly she may be
prejudiced. She puts before you mere
ly the current gossip of the neighbor
hood: people say she Is beautiful; they
may be right, they may be wrong. It
is not for her to decide — "well" educat
ed; of affectionate disposition; possess
ed of means; desires to meet a gentle
man with view to matrimony." Imme
diately underneath one reads that a
gentleman of twenty-eight: "Tall, fair,
considered agreeable"— Really the mod
esty of the matrimonial advertiser
teaches to us ordinary mortals quite
a beautiful lesson. I know instinct
ively that were anybody to ask me
suddenly. "Do you call yourself an
agreeable man?" I should answer
promptly. "An agreeable man! Of
course I'm an agreeable man.
What silly questions you do ask!" If
he persisted in arguing the matter.
Faying, "But there are people
¦who do not consider you an
.agreeable man," I 6hould get angry
with him. "Oh, they think that, do
they?" I should say. "Well, you tell
them from me, with my compliments,
.that they are a pet of blithering idiots.
Not agreeable! Tou show me the man
yho says I'm not agreeable. I'll soon
"let him know whether I'm agreeable or
•not." These young men seeking wives
are silent on the subject of their own
virtues. Such are for others to dis
cover. The matrimonial advertiser
confines himself to simple statement of
fact; he is "considered agreeable." He
is domestically inclined, and in receipt
of a rood income. He Is desirous of
meeting a lady of serious disposition,
with view to matrimony. If possessed
of means— it Is a trifle hardly worth
considering one way or other other; he
floes not insist upon it; on the other
hand, he does not exclude ladles of
means; the main idea Is matrimony. It
Is sad to reflect that a young lady said
.to be good looking— let us say good
looking and be done with it A neigh
borhood does not rise up and declare a
iglrl good looking if she is not good
.locking. That Is only her modest way
jof putting it Let us say a young lady
good looking, well educated, of affec
tionate disposition. It is sad to reflect
—I repeat it— that such a one, matri
monially inclined, should be compelled
to have recourse to the columns of a
. xsatrtmonial Journal. What are the
young men in the neighborhood think
ing of? What more do they want? Is
it Venus come to life again with ten
thousand a year,, that they are waiting
for? It makes me angry with my own
eex reading these advertisements. And
when one thinks of the girls that do
get married.
(Ccpyrlrhtfrd. 1901. by Central News »nd Frew
One of the first things I should take
In hand .were European affairs handed
over to my control would be- the". re-,
arrangement of .this- carnival business.
As matters are at -present the carnival
takes place all. over Europe In Febru
ary. At Nice, in Spain. Win Italy it
may be occasionally possible to feel yoiif
want to dance about the streets in thin,
costume during February. But in more
northern -countries during '.carnival
time I have seen only one sensible
masker: he was & man who had got
himself up as,,' a diver.' It was in'Ant
werp, the rain was pouring down . In
torrents; -a cheery boisterous John Bull
sort of an east wind was bluster-hit "
through the streets at the rate of fif
teen miles an hour. Pierrots, with
frozen hands,' were blowing blue noses.
An elderly Cupid had borrowed an .um
brella from a cafe and was waiting" for
a tram. A very little devil 'was crying
with' the cold and wiping his eyes with
the end of his own tall. Every, door
way was crowded with shivering mask
ers. ' The diver alone walked erect, the
water streaming from him. February
is not the month for open air mas
querading. The, "confetti," which has
come to be, nothing: but. colored paper
cut Into email discs. Is a sodden mass.
When a lump of It strikes you in the
eye your Instinct Is not to laugh gayly,
but to find out the man : who threw. it
arid to hit hlni back.. This is, not the
true spirit of carnivai. --The : maryel- Is,
that In spite *of the almost invariably
adverse weather these carnivals' still
continue.,. In Belgium, where Catholi
cism still remains '. the dominant re
ligion, carnival maintains, itself
stronger than elsewhere in Northern
Europe. At one small town,* Binche,
near the French border, it holds unin
terrupted sway for three .days and two
nights; during which time the whole
population, swelled by visitors frym
twenty - miles around, shouts, romps,
eats and drinks ¦ and dances. After
which the ; visitors are packed, like
sardines into '. railway trains.' j They
pin their tickets to. their coats '.and
promptly go to Bleep. At every sta
ticn the railway officials stumble up
and down the trains with lanterns. The
¦last feeble effort of the more wakeful
reveler, before he adds himself to the
heap of snoring humanity on the floor
of the railway, carriages. Is to change
the tickets of a couple of his uncon-
Know he Is a clever man. It avoided
the necessity of explanatlqn. 1 Unfor
tunately the fashion has gone out. We
wise men have to wear just ordinary
clothes. Nobody knows we are wise
men. ¦ Even when we tell them so they
don't believe it. It is this th,at makes
our task more difficult ¦» •
enough to shine the slsht Is a pretty
one. How they love the dressing: up
and the acting, these small mites! One
young hussy — she could hardly have
been more? than 10^-was got up as
a haughty 'younjgfady. Maybe some
elder, sister had served her as a model.
She wore a tremendous wig of flaxen
hair, a hat -that I guarantee would
have made its mark even at Ascot on
the- cup day. a" skirt that trailed two
yards behind her,' a pair of what had
once been white kid gloves and a blue
silk, parasol. ' Dignity! I have seen
the offended barmaid, I have met the
chorus girl— not by appointment,
please don't misunderstand me. merely
as a spectator— up the river on Sunday,
but never have I witnessed tn any hu
man being so much hauteur to the
pound, avoirdupois, as was carried
through the streets of Charlerol by
that small brat. Companions of other
days, mere vulgar boys and girls,
claimed acquaintance with her. She
passed them with a stare of such ut
ter disdain that it sent them tumbling
over' one another . backward. By the
time ' they had7- recovered themselves
sufficiently to think of an old tin kettle
lying handy in the gutter she had
turned the corner. Two miserably
clad urchins, unable to -scrape together
the few sous necessary for the hlra of
a rag or two, had nevertheless ' deter
mined not to be altogether out of it.
They had managed to borrow a couple
of white blouses— not what you, would
understand by a white blouse, dear
madame. a dainty thing of frills and
laces, but the coarse white sack . the
street sweeper wears over his other
clothes. They had also borrowed t a
couple of brooms. Ridiculous littla ob
jects, they looked, only the tiny head
of each showing above the- great white
shroud as gravely they, walked, the one
behind the other sweeping the -mud
fnto the gutter. They also were of tho
carnival, playing at being scavengers.
Another quaint sight I witnessed, com-'
ing sharply round the corner of a by
street. The "serpentine" is a feature
of the Belgian carnival. It is a strip
of colored paper, some , dozen yards
long, perhaps. You fling it as you
would a lasso, entangling, the head of
some passerby. Naturally the object
most aimed at by the Belgian youths
is the Belgian maiden. And, naturally
also, the maiden who finds herself most
entangled is the maiden who— to use
again the language of the matrimonial
advertiser— is "considered good-look
ing." The serpentine about her head
is the "feather in her cap" of the Bel
gian maiden on carnival day. Coming
suddenly round the corner I almost
ran into a girl. Her back was toward
me. It was a very quiet street, leading
Into another quiet street. She had half
a dozen of these serpentines In her
pocket. Hurriedly, with trembling
hands, she was twisting them round
and round her own head. I looked at
her as I passed. She flushed scarlet.
Poor little snub-nosed, pasty-faced
woman! I wish she had not seen me.
I could have bought six-penny worth
of serpentines, followed her and tor
mented her with them; while she
would have pretended Indignation,
sought discreetly to escape from me.
Down South, where the blood flows
quicker, King Carnival is indeed a
Jolly old soul. In Munich he reigns tor
six weeks, the end coming with a mad
two days* revel In the streets. During
the whole of the period folks in ordi
nary every-day costume are regarded
as curiosities; people wonder what they
are up to. From the Grafen to the
Dienstmadschen, from the Herr pro
fessor to Rlccolo, as they serve to
make antics that answers to our page
boy, the business of Munich Is danc
ing—somewhere, somehow, in a fancy,
costume. The costume ball is every
where — at the palace, at the Beer hail.
Every theater clears away the stage,
every cafe crowds Its chairs and tables
Into corners, the very streets are
cleared for dancing. Munich goes mad.
But, then, that does not mean It goes
far. Munich is always a little mad.
The maddest ball I ever danced at was
In Munich. I went there with a.Har
vard University professor. He had
been told what these balls were like.
Ever seeking knowledge of all things,
he determined to take tho matter up
for himself and examine it. The writer
also must ever be learning. I agreed
to accompany him. We had not intend
ed to dance. Our Idea was that we
would be indulgent spectators. regard-
Ing from some coign of vantaja ths
antics of the foolish crowd. The pro
fessor was clad as became a professor.
Myself, I wore a simply cut frock coat,
with trousers In French fray. The
doorkeeper explained to us that
this was a costume ball; he was
sorry, but gentlemen could be admitted
only In evening dress or In mas
querade. It was half-past 1 In the
morning. We had sat up late on pur
pose; we had gone without our
dinner; we bad walked two miles. Tha
professor suggestsd pinning up the tails
of his clerically cut coat and turning
In his waistcoat. The doorkeeper
feared It would not be quite the sama
thing. Besides, my French gray
trousers refused to adapt themselves.
The doorkeeper proposed our hMnjr •
costume — a little speculation of his
own; gentlemen found it simpler seme
times, especially married gentlemen, to
hire a costume In this manner, change
ing back into sober garments before
returning home. It reduced the volume
of necessary explanation. "Have you
anything, my good man," said the pro
fessor, "anything that would effect a
complete 'disguise?" The doorkeeper
had the very thing— a Chinaman with
combined mask and wig. It fitted neat
ly over the head and was provided with
a simple but Ingenious piece of mechan
ism by means of which much could be
done with the pigtail. Myself the door
keeper hid from view under the' cowl
of a Carmelite monk. "I do hope no
body recognizes us," whispered my
friend, the professor, as we entered. I
can only hope sincerely that they' did
not I do not wish to talk about my
self; that would be egotism. But the
mystery of the Harvard professor
troubles me to this day. A grave,
earnest gentleman, the father of a fam
ily, I saw him with my own eyes put
that ridiculous pasteboard mask over
bis head. ¦ Later on— a good deal later
on— I found myself walking again with
him through silent starlit streets.
Where he had been in the interval and
who then was the strange creature un
der the Chinaman's mask will always
remain to me an unsolved problem.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY GALIl
ON MEN, WOMEN AND CARNIVALS
15Bill! 3ilii8itSyi^^®^^SSIKI ' I
MOU have .'all heard thunder,^ felt th^Avin^, blow,' seen" the halla&ifc^-b^^
• by .-' jgicraln." ajid Availed' tiic^nbA^tail -hi .njtjrlnz*y^flake*5;- or'aV 'id^^^riranJaVib^dt *sctfik!'stiow 'DT'tlils '
t^Hjt^ ofj sun««&iiC' .(you at^.least \havc^sccn pictiii-LS of itfaml^rcdd^kikrat^A^^s And tornadoes and
fillies, and -iiriv!ris"i-Jcct, so, you \vlli>nave 110 dlfliculty, in solving. (fii>.'l>ict?pJfflfetiiia page, from 5 to
;'«;i^iu^vo:;?>! yijl* \; ; v;;V;; : V^^l . S^;;"^;. ," •'. ' ¦¦'¦:•'- 1? A;»i*"-- - "/-¦ J v >;"-vi. •"'. . ' :
, --^ ( ;A«d of course you have all seen fences,^ whether you have 1 1 ved all - yffrjl^flves 'in the dty^ brj tn the
"cmTitlry, ; a picket fence and on«
made of {barbed \vh-c*«i; 1 of :^1>^t'.!TH^s,';ao'rpicturcs.-l, 2, 3 iind-4;>yHftie equally 'casy-for you.
; c ¦ '; '.And now '''hcrW^somcUii^'CbT incite iy«u> <Nif5^SlJNbAY YOC4\ViEti GEr'A'BRANli-NEW XJST
ptf'pmgps to choJ^fro^ :¦"-'! ¦ ''••¦*4^A?* t^:v*v"^--V^ ; ..
M ;¦¦¦ .&f£yyzs*i\thvv& ¦•'^i^ 1^B_pcd\bY*tjplli^.S ; «u^»^.lA-wliat' ; -'rich rcivard Is 4 ln^toro^tof! jW^if^you win.
fThoscnbwl^|^ll.;sl^ak^oRthcn«c^ ''" : ; ' "' -'^'jZfj?^:-' '/ '* / _
•//¦-; '^'JS'utr V^j^j^h^iai^'stifli^'fitt^tiQn'ndwl' Here is something the_ Puzzle -Editor;. wants to speak of par-
y YtJirCnit^st' 'r^OT*; only / glvc^^uui^-na'nie. a«d .the ;to\vn v ahd Stafe whcretilSyou^llAT;. .but the street or .
*post6flicc nVmfee^.^ -. b*ecads© ; '«or* incorrect -ad«
-. diresiics.'' . And^tlon't ''forget' X\^\^A\^vy:oVYionoY'. ' ¦' * : '^ \ :- : .£* •"•;--; *^ '"" ! -¦.--:' v '.'
$& •.; r. PLi^S&lJOX'T. . SENl^ 'TINTYPE FiCTtrJaES OR • PROOFS THAT ARE'TOiTOXEtJ wliicll
tiiej wlli'fndc as Koon as they are exposed to the sun, and don't forget to 'write -your name and
address on thtr back of each and every photograph- - :. And _ by all. "means be sure that 'you are a'prlze win* '
* ner'ii'before you send ui any- picture at' aU.- ... ' •'.."- ' — J -^ ¦'. '¦ :<2^ '2 " *. "
:.; : : '«'And remember this: You will airiiave b. chance not oaly^.(dj.wln one of tho&o»150 prize*, bat eel
your picture published as: well. The Puzzle Editor wants ' aUU^&ijtto { xvti&erafyiifa
—the whole 150 every week If possible. Begin right howV ia^^ r HTfiUf^The 1 .m^eitiVo uierrier. . There -
can't be /too many. '; Hut remember, only the prize winners ¦ cau.lfave'tftdrtpictdfe^bltshed.^ -'^ •¦ :?
\.' : i: { TUKUk AltJEOXE UfXDKliD'AXl) FUbTY PHIZES; 'and-thls isrwtta^wiSnust'do. to.wln on* o!
'them:, ¦."-.' ¦''¦;.'. '. : ".'/ "- -; : :^:^ ' '- _ ¦'' ..-.-=. .'¦ [\ -\ \ ; / "°r? ' }'¥' Y.: 1 '' •"
¦'- Find the' 1 names'' of Four DlTcrenf Kinds' of Fences as shown'in picturVs^J, 1 2, S^iind^^. and Four Dif
ferent Weather Bulletins as shown in pictures 5, 6, 1 and 8 on this ''pace' aiid write thGhiioat^ in *• the space
opposite the proper corresponding; numbers provided for*the purpose In 'the coupon on Uifyipagc, as per dl* i
rectlbns; fill in tlie coupon with your name and address' and the prize 'you^ desire—^lf you-»wjb>^-and send
the coupon to '.tlie^ EDITOR OF THE NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday gall, San Francteco, CaL^i .-,. ... ,.
. , KEMKMBKK-JTo thorFIRST ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BOYS AND GIULS who solve tlie twelve
•Same Puzzles correctly, one of these ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY " BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will be awarded.
, , ,. And -don't forjeet this next point, because it is very important: ¦ ALL . ANSWERS MUST . REACH
ieqnal chance to. compete.
" Read everything oni'tlila* pasev-tb -be" sure that you overlboi nothing that; vsVl' help you to win a prize.
L ;. ' THE NAMES OF. THE EUCKY , WINNERS; AV1LL : BE PUBLISH KB IN, THE SUNDAY CALL TWO -
WEEKS FROM TO-DAY,, May 29. . ;.' ¦" ;:'¦*.:<- '.- ¦¦'¦-*/ .-' .: '.l'.'^-}:- ' '/'¦¦.• ' : ' ••":.-•• -¦ ' ¦•"•¦- •
-^Tliese are the TWENTY .: BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose . IX you solve all the pua
" des correctly: ¦'-"-. ">¦.'.**./'¦ '.\.'*''' - : '=. -"",".'" ''-T; - \* • *" . * ' .-• '•. *".— '/' ':.}/
of;a Brownie, by Mnlock; Alice's Adventures In^Wonderland, by Carroll; The BlythedaleRo
v mance, by Hawthorne; . A '- Child's Garden of i Verses,' by; Stevenson; The Chlmrs, by Dickens; . Cranf ord. f by
Gaskell; Gulliver's by! Swift; PUffrhn's Progress; by John Banyan; Bpox of Hiawatha, ', by
I>6nfefeUow;Xaddie and; Miss Tooscy's Mission; Lucile, by, : Meredith f The Magic Nuts, by Molesworth; Old
Christmas; by. Irving;: Paradise - Lost, by Milton ; The Pleasures of-Llfe, by Lubbock; Rab and His Friends,
by Brown; Tom Brown's School Days, by Hughes; Treasure Island, by Stevenson; Shakespeare's Heroine*,
-by Jameson. .: - - / '"
NEW PRIZES NEXT WEEK
May Howe, San Diego; Lora- Gore,
Sacramento; Lois ! Rusk, Sacramento;
MargTuerite Bell, 2010 Sutter street.
San •. Francisco; Louise Mann, -664
Seventh street, Oakland; Francis: Cur
tis,3171 Twenty.fihh street. 1 San Fran
cisco;. Mary Bondeson, ; Point -Reyes;
Ardery Abraham*. Sacramento;'.Con
stance McFarland, Benlciat ' R. Cha^
bourne, Suisun;": Louise Hall,- Ba
kersfield;. Mazle ,Dunn,/ Bakersfield;
James ;^Dunn, " Bakersfield ;r>; Ethel
Sweeney, .Vacaville; Velma ".^Ben
son, Petaluma; Florence Brisbln,
1S02-; Eighteenth ' ._ street,- San -Fran
cisco; Kathleen". Taylor/ 201 : Corbett
aveniie;" San Francisco; Lewis j Merri
thew, . Gold Run; Joe Ross, Menlo
Park;. Frank Edmondson,' Berkeley;
Ida fi Nuinen,. 479 Ellis ': street, San
Francisco; Josie Lynden, 479 Ellis
street,' San ; Francisco ; Margaret Boyer,
•1106-Willow:stfeet, Oakland; J. Bal
bontin. .1885 Mission ¦ stree f$ San Fran
cisco; A. Reedy, 528 Castro street, San
¦ Francisco; Anita Steffens, 1808 Larkln
. street, }•' San. Francisco ;. Ruth . De wey,
Scott street, San Francisco. 7 ¦
gELOW are given the names of
the 150 lucky children who'
solved the puzzles— Names of
Trees and Lakes in America — in
•the contest of May 1:
• Myrtle Atwood, Berkeley: Charles
Dray. Marysviile; Alice Fisher, Ala
raeda: Charles Burmeister. Santa
Rosa; "Will Roberts, £26 Harrisc-n street.
San Francisco; Helen Travis, 526 Har
rison street, San Francisco; Clcy
Locke, Sacramento; Willie Dunsmore,
• Oakland; Clara Aitken, Kingman;
Elseda Parks. Acampo; Hubert Marsh.
U'adsworth; Era Palren. Los Angeles;
Kathryn Slevin, 109S Treat avenue, San
Francisco; Joe Young. Gridley; Charles
' Ycung:. Gridley: Jessie Stone, 434 Web
• ster street. San Francisco; Ella Win
field, 1623 Xoe street. San Francisco;
Pearl Newby. Dixon; Alice Pittman,
. 1004 McAllister street, San Francisco;
Mildred Goetz. 423 Francisco sL, San
' Francisco ; Edna Schulte, Alameda;
."WTalter Pratt. "226 Mission street. San
Francisco; Beatrice Miner, Alameda;
Mildred Smith, 532 Turk street, San
Francisco; Katherlne Jorgensen. Sa
- linas; Helen Auberlin, Mare Island;
Mark Broaddus. Agnefr; B. L. Munroe,
Alameda; Harris Roper. Napa; May
• Kawson. 1822 Page street, San Fran
', "c;eco; Pearl Holle. 1545 Jones street,
San Francisco; Fred Westphal, 915
Pine. street. San Francisco; Callsta
Varney. 1018 Shotwc-11 street. -San Fran
cisco; Marirn Blood. Alameda; Sterling
Coulter, Santa Hosa; - Esther . Scott,
Santa Rora; Alberta Seriven, Melrose;
Paul Scriven. Melrose; Hanlon Crump.
1<1 Hancock street, San Francisco;
"Paul Andrews. Goat Island; Ruth Boyd,
Hollister; Walter Graff, Berkeley;
James Clegs, Santa Rosa; F. T. Haines,
548 Stockton street, San Francisco;
Stella Clark. Vallejcr; Minnie Haulruth,
.Vallejo; Donald McLean, Belvedere;
Tialph Bradley,, 5anta Cruz; I>ona
Engwer, 1T88 Union street, San Fran
cisco; Cecil Grtanle, Glbhs; Bethell
Hanna, San Jose;' May Connell/ $02
Oak street, San Francisco; Edna Peter
son, Napa; Harry Oates, 440 Four
teenth street, San Francisco; Rose
mary Kobe. Santa. Rosa; Myrtle Tay
lor, Oakland: Florence Taylor, Oak
land; Beatrice Snediger, Stockton;
Ollip Edwards, Santa Cruz; G. Blumen
berg, 1426 Jones street, San Francisco:
'. LucSle Browne, Los Gatos; Eva Bran
don, Watsonville; Oscar Crandall,
1S8 East St. James street, San
Jose; A- de la; Roza, Santa Cruz;
Lawrence Tade, Mllpltas; Frank Co
burn, Alameda; Robert Miller, 1623
Turk street, San Francisco: J. H.
O'Brien. 131 Main street? San Fran
•cSsco; Fred Lafferty. Santa Rosa; M.
A. Becker. East Oakland ; Mlna Mc
• Nicholas, 2115 Greenwich ' «treeU San
Francisco; Agnes ; Muffe.' 1269 Pacific
street. San Francisco; G. LA Beaver,
.Campbell; Hazel Bailey. ' Tomales; ,
• Helen SwortflgTire. Wlllits; Seima Fra^
• zier, Sacramento; Nellie Jones,- Rum^
sey; Anita Steffens, 1S08 Larkln strep's
• San Francisco; Mildred" Kldever, Saofe
Cruz; Vivien MacDonald, San Beni^J;
Loretta Gallagher, Petaluma; Thextfa
- Doyle, Santa Cruz; L'las Adams. &S&
' Larkln street. San -• Francisco; Defbi
Blacklocfc, 114 LeRoy street, San Fran.
.Cisco; .Genevieve Farrell, • Petaluma;
Loretta Sartori, Petaluma; W. £ 6.
Swan, Sacramento; Ottelie i Sta.chle,J671
. Twentieth fc street. .4 Oakland; Edith
.Jones,* Yuba - City; '(.Emmett Daley,
. Martinez; -Ruth ,WUes, . Tulare; Calmo
, Wiles, . Tulare: i> Edgar -«.- Farley, . 1325
Chestnut street," '. Oakland; Rose
; Harrington, Berkeley; » Mlllary ; Hen
dricks, . Berkeley;. _ Earle-. 'Simradns..
640 Grove street .« San < .. Francisco;
Warren «* Early, i .Petaluma; >. Russell
Bray, , »Cfrass Valley; • . Annie Beaver,
Rudolph. Trautner, 2540 Mc-
Allister, street, San .•Francisco; Arthur
Poulin.'526 Harrison, 6treet,, Sam Fran
cisco; Florence Plummer, 2031 Linden
.street, Oakland; Eugene Dunlap, Oak
dale; Ila Snider, Fall - River * Mills;
'Hazel Richards. Tuohimne; Byna Wil
liams, Stockton; .Ernestine • Franzen,
1505 Fillmore street,", San , Francisco;
Rose Seymore, 7 Santa A ; Rosa; | . Elinor
'BertoJa. Martinez; Florence Poyey, 436
.Thirty-fifth avenue, Sah Francisco;
Clara Tecklenburg, Lodi; - Clarence
Dow, IiOdi; Ottp Dillon, Stockton: Paul-
Dunckhorst, Sacramento; Romona
Hanby, 872 Willow street, Oakland;:
G. Perkins, Angels Camp; Johnnie
Kent, Santa Cruz; Carrie Edwards,
Grass Valley; Emily Oliver, Stockton;"
Ray Glass. Los Angeles; Eddie Boland,
451 Tenth street. San Francisco; Rosa
THESE ARE
THE PRIZE
WINNERS
OF MAY 1.
THE SAN-FRANCISCO -SUNDAY • GALE.
NAME PUZZLES
16
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor. Sunday OftXL
San Francisco:
Below tn their proper boss*
bers please find my •oration of
Four Different Kinds of Fences
and Four Different Weather
Bulletins represented In this
week's name puzzles: %
3
3
A
** • • • "*rrv. ••••••••»••••••-...
« J............
May 15, '1904.
Name
*"* *** *.* **
StJltf!
•• • tette«»#«»»»»»
'
' ¦ , •
IX I win 1 choose for prize
(See List of Prizes.)'Pages 17to20
: Pages J 7 to 20
San frangisco, -Sunday, mAy? 15, 1904. v
Manchester— a royal residence irj.Ire
land is the Duchess of Roxburghe."Her
recent visit to Ireland was mainly di
rected toward that object. She had an
interview with a firm of estate agents
in Dublin, who have a monopoly of
negotiating the leasing and sale of the
finest residences in Ireland. As a re
sult Tanderagee Castle, which at pres
ent belongs to the Duke and Duchess
of Manchester, is likely to be the fu
ture Irish home of the Duchess of Rox
burghe. The Manchesters have decid
ed that Kylemore is to be their per
manent residence in Ireland and that
therefore their occupation of Tander
agee would be unnecessary extrava
gance. The Duchess of Roxburghe has
been, over the castle and it la under
stood that she is satisfied with its size,
equipment and general surroundings.
It cannot compare with Kylemore, but
It is the best place available In Ireland
at the moment.
ROXBURGHES HOUSE HUNTING.
' Meantime the Duke and Duchess are
looking out for a favorable spot In the
fashionable quarters of London upon
which to erect a town residence. A
site in Mayfair, close to where the new
residence of the Duke and Duchess of
Marlborough stands, was submitted to
t them,- but the pNdce. asked was so ex
orbitant In the estimation of the Duke
that it ¦ was "declined _, with thanks."
Fashionable real estate agents know
that they are looking out for a site
and,- as ' there is not much competition
in this particular direction the Duke
and 'Duchess are bound. to pay dearly
for the luxury of a town residence.
It-is not generally known that the
great London landlords, such as the
Duke* of *Westminster, who. owns nearly
'•11' 'the fashionable part of the West
as to where they can obtain suitable
estates if Ireland is to nave a royal
residence. Strangely enough, the first
to anticipate — after the Duchess of
sex. had no less than thirty-two male
descendants at the front. •
The brilliant marriages of the daugh
ters of the first Duke and Duchess of
Abercorn are often commented upon in
society, for one married the 1 Earl of
Lichfleld, another the Duke of Buc
cleuch, another the Earl of Winterton,
another the Marquis of Lansdowne, and
another the Marquis of Blandford. The
Marchioness of Blandford, however, got
been through the divorce court, either
'as plaintiff or defendent, was ever al
lowed to go to court again, but when
the Marchioness of Blandford divorced
her husband, so' moved, to pity was
Queen Victoria on learning what the
society woman had endured so long
that she made in her case the exception
that she was afterward to be welcomed
at court. This exception has since been
made for every one who goes through
the divorce court as the injured party.
LANSDOWN'ES MORE LIBERAL.
Though, on account of her husband's
official position (he is now Secretary for
Foreign" Affairs), Lady Lansdowne is
hardly able to cut down her visiting
list as- she might otherwise x wish. She
is quite an exclusive hostess and de
bars all but those whose blood is bluest
or whose diplomatic and official posi
tions demand her acknowledgment.
Her town house is a stately mansion,
-standing in its own grounds surrounded
by a high wall and bounded on one side
by Berkeley Square and on another by
the gardens of Devonshire House, from
which it is divided by one of the
quaintest of the surviving passages of
old London, a passage with a flight of
stone steps at one end, running from
Curzon street to Hay Hill, and known
as Lansdowne Passage.*
In these days when folks are pushing
and anxious "to "get there," the diffi
culty of maintaining an exclusiveness
such as' is practiced by these excep
tional hostesses of London is almost
beyond comprehension. There is great
] difficulty; in defeating jj the tactics of
"undesirables," as the 'following inci
dent shows: A. Duchess who was glv
•ing a large reception was assailed by a
man on behalf of a woman friend who
was most anxious to obtain a card of
invitation. V The .;. Duchess answered
that she was sorry, but that she "really
could not.' On hearing this theanibi
tious one sent for: her friend and ex
plained that if she did not receive an
4 d^YT^-^»^~^y^r-*8^ri^^'-iytf? ? T^;r : ffi ; fa^if J tJTf^7t»-f^Tf e j^i vmii rftirmTil
As King Edward . occasionally re
quests that his hotesses receive certain
of his friends, matters would be very
difficult of adjustment did he ask any
one, of these exclusive dames' for an
invitation she did not wish to grant.
But the King is very tactful and does
not seek to. disturb what he may prob
ably secretly admire.. One such rebuff
may have been sufficient, for when as
Prince of Wales he was once going to
Austria to, visit Count Festetics, in the
list of the friends who would be with
him" figured the name of Baron'HIrsch,
whereupon the Count (not being a sub
ject) wrote back immediately that he
was greatly grieved but he would be
away from home and unable to receive
the Prince of Wales. There are other
friends of the King who not 'only are
not' received by the exclusive hostesses,
but who are expelled from' bowinjr ac
quaintance with financiers .of position
and reputation. i^Xr^
| Queen' Alexandra also receiyes^those
who are not 'acknowledged .by' others
less. high In rank, the current excuse
of the .Queen's liberality on this subject
being that as she is deaf she does' not
hear all that might be told and so in
perfect ignorance : welcomes those
whom she would otherwise not. wish
to see. '
t ¦ ¦
invitation it would mean social ruin to
her. "It Is not 'that I want to go," she
explained; "I am too 111 to move. I
could not go If I wanted to, but If only
you can get an invitation for me I shall
be satisfied.". The man went the second
time to the Duchess and explained the
circumstances, so that the Duchess, on
the promise that It was to be a mere
Invitation and not to be accepted, sent
the card. On the eventful evening,
however, at the moment when the man
was thanking his hostess for having,
been so kind as to grant his request,
they both turned round to meet the re
ceiver of the invitation face to face.
KING IS A TACTICIAN. '^
TWO MEMBERS OF MOST EXCLUSIVE OF LONDON'S ARISTOCRATIC CIRCLE.
- LONDON", May 14.— Society In Lon
don may be mixed, but there are some
'houses of the British aristocracv into
which the man of millions, no matter
what Influence he might be able to
b.uy and command, has never yet
pained the entree. A plutocrat of Ques
tionable origin may succeed in securing
" an invitation to be received *y Dukes
and Duchesses, even to dine with them.
. -He may meet the King, perhaps be one
¦of King Edward VII's most intimate
•¦friends, and yet have not the remotest
.chance of entering this most select cir
cle of English society.
• There are hostesses eo exclusive that
they would rot consider for a moment
acknowledging a mere bow from scores
of King: Edward's constant friends, or
Irom many of those who are Intimately
.received by Queen Alexandra,
One of the most particular of those
' haughty dames Is Lady Leconfleld, an-
J other is the Duchess of Buccleuch, and
' * third, although her husband's official
position makes it quite impossible for
her to be as rigidly exclusive as she
would privately wish, is the latter'a
sister, the Marxhioness of Lansdowne.
•• Lady Leconfleld is the daughter of
the -famous Duchess of Cleveland of
¦-Battle Abbey, one of the most historic
.places In Great Britain, and she Is Bis
ter to the Earl of Rosebery. Her father
having died before coming into the
•. earldom.' Lady Leconfield Ws raised
- by royal warrant to the position of the
daughter of an Earl. Her mother died
enly about two years ago, and the
m story is told that when William Wal
dorf Aster went to Battle Abbey, he,
mticing: the stairs worn deeply by the
tread of warriors throughout so many
•ienturirs, suggested that they might be
. .replaced by new- ones. "Yes," replied
•' the Duchess, "that is the worst of those
• old Normans, they began wearing out
•the stairs so long ago." Battle Abbey.
"by the way, was afterward sold to
' Augustus Webster, and he has now
-riven a lease of it for twenty-one years
'to M. P. Grace, the American whose
<!aiipht?r was married the other day
•v* Mr. Phipps of New York and whose
'•>ther daughter is the Countess of
¦L'ononghmore.
IS BOLD AM) HAUGHTY.
In accordance with what she be
lieves to be due to her aristocratic
lineage. Lady Leconfield is extremely
cold and haughty. Most rigorously
does • ehe set her face against the
¦widening of society and against the
nouveau riche. She is fiercely opposed
•to that spirit which does not refuse to
theet all sorts of wealthy nobodies be
< ;iusp they are friends of King Edward,
arid are taken up enthusiastically by
all the King's followers and circle of
int:mates. At no time could Lady
- L^cor-field be induced to receive Tom,
Dick and Harry, and much lees likely
*tould she be to acknowledge the wives
of Tom. Dick or Harry.
Lady Leconfield practices exclusive
• boss in every phase of her life. At
their church at Petworth the Lecon
flelds have a "gallery pew." a sort of
. royal box, bo that they do not mingle
. ith the other worshipers, and there
•ere but few ampng the most unblem-
Ifched of the blue-blooded aristrocracy
¦vyh'» ever are honored by an invitation
enter their charmed circle at home.
,lt is not impossible, by the way, that
this may have had something to do
with the very bad matches which have
. been made by Lady Leconfield's chil
dren.
However, no family, however censor
. ious it may be, seems to lack its own
private skeleton in the cupboard— the
contemplation of which might be ex
pected to Ir-ssen said family's hauteur,
and Lady Leconfield's father-in-law is
•Eaid to be the illegitimate son of the
Earl of Egremont.
This Earl was a great man in the
days of the Regency, when the Prince
Kegent of England made Brighton a
.fashionable watering place and built
the pavilion there. Lord Egremont,
who was one of his boon companions,
v as a hard fighter, a hard drinker and
a great gambler, and although he had
eoveral children he was never married.
To his son, whom he adopted, the Earl
gave the name of Wyndham, and Percy
Wyndham. M. P., who is broth
er-in-law to Lady Leconfleld, is one of
. his grandsons. To Lady Leconfield's
lather-in-law. Lord Egremont, who was
unable to leave him bis name and title,
he left all his estates, all his money
• ;*r.d the beautiful London house. No. 9
• <;hfsierfieJd Gardens, where Lady Le
.conficld now lives, and which is built
en the gardens of Chesterfield House,
v.herc lived the famous Lord Chester
field of the "Letters."
PEERESS SELLS CREAM.
The stately Duchess of Buccleuch,
who may be described as second only
to '¦'-. Lady Leconfleld in exclusiveness,
;a best known outside of society as
Mistress of the Robes to Queen Alex
andra, a post which she also held un
. der the late Queen Victoria, By no
power could this gentlewoman be in
duced to mingle with what she would
describe as the "riff-raff" of smart so
ciety. She disdains even to live either
in Mayfair or Belgravia, but makes
her home in exclusive grandeur at
Montague House, Whitehall, where
the windows look on the embank
ment and the River Thames. Yet the
Duchess is quite up-to-date and pro
gressive in other^ways. for she has
organized a dairy to sell fresh cream
'to London customers.
It Is sometimes hinted that. In her
LONDON, April 14.— English society
is all agog at present over the pros
pect of a royal residence in Ireland.
King Edward feels that the proper way
to conciliate the Irish people is to make
them happy and prosperous in their
own couptry and he believes much can
be accomplished in this direction by
the court taking up Its residence there
for a portion of each year.
Ireland is not rich in aristocratic
mansions, bo that those who follow
royalty about are somewhat anxious
•xduclveness, her Grace makes a vlrtuo
of necessity, her family being so large
that when all Its aristocratic members
have assembled at a ball or house party
there' is room for only a few out
siders. The Duchess of Buccleuch is,
of coursft, a daughter of the Dowager
Duchess of Abercorn, who was born
In 1812, and who, in all probability has
more descendants living than any other
woman in th© world. During the war
in South Africa, this remarkable old
lady, who lives at Coates Castle, Sus-
Another thing her ladyship has done
is to encourage cottage industries on
the estate. Old women and young girls
are provided with materials for knit
ting, sewing an4 embroidery work, at
which these peasants are .experts. A
portion of this work she distributes
among the poorer tenants, and for the
remainder* a market is found in Lon
don and elsewhere.
COXSUELO A PHILANTHROPIST.
] learn that the Duchess of Marl
borough is on the point of going in
strong for philanthropy. Up to now
the Duchess of Sutherland has been
known as the "Charity" Duchess, but
she is said to ha,ve grown tired of
playing Lady Bountiful and to be quite
willing to resign in favor of the
daughter of the Vanderbllts. Her
Grace of Marlboroush had herself
taken over the Samaritan Hospital —
the free institution for women only—
the other day, a^nd she is to take quite
a prominent part in a novel sort of
benefit which has been arranged to
provide funds therefor. This will take
the form of a leap year dinner, which
is to be held at Prince's, the ultra
fashionable restaurant, on the evening
of May 5. Quite a number of prom
inent society women are interested in
the affair, and each of them will have
two seats at the restaurant on the
evening in question. Meantime they
are to canvass their men friends, who
are to bid for the privilege of dinin*
with each fair one, and in every case
he who undertakes to contribute most
liberally to the hospital fund will find
himself "elected." At the dinner there
will be a special "American" table,
with seats for eight, and here the
honors will be done to four fortunate
males by the Duchess of Marlborough.
Mrs. George Cornwalli3-West (former
ly Lady Randolph Churchill), the
Countess of Essex and Mrs. Ronalds.
It la believed that this dinner will pro
duce $30,000 or, more for the coffers of
the "Samaritan."
Mrs. Frederick Harrison's suggestion
that the sort of a character book which
is used on the continent for recording
the services and credentials of domes
tic servants should be adopted in Eng
land has called forth much comment,
f or ¦ here, as in "America, the servant
girl question is always a live one. In
continental countries every servant is
required to keep such a character book
and an authoritative nature Is given
to the entries made in it by the exer
cise of police supervision and the im
position of penalties for false iU-t*
meets.
Lord Barrymore. ir> spite of his
reputation for being 1 a harsh man. sub
mitted calmly to his wife's idea9. and
to-day landlord and tenants are on*
the best of terms. The family residence
had sot into a state of decay in con
sequence' of Lord Barrymore's decision
to live, either in England or some other
place in Europe. Her ladyship set
about putting it in order, and although
it cannot compare with other lordly
mansions in point of architecture it hs
expected to serve the purpose Intend
ed by her ladyship. The presence of
herself and her husband there during
a portion of the year will be the means
of creating a certain amount of em
ployment for a section of the tenants.
whose poverty had hitherto rendered
them a source of much trouble to th«
management of the estate. Now that
they trill have means to earn at least
a part of the rent, it will be paid with
out a murmur.
End, the Duk» of Bedford. Earl Cado
gan, etc.. are also their own real estate
agents. They not only control the
rents, but receive commission on the
sales of their own properties. The re
ports of the enormous wealth of the
Duchess and the expressed desire of
her mother to see her first In every
thing had prepared agents and land
lords to expect a very good time imme
diately she set out spending money.
In spite of the fact that she leads an
exceedingly quiet life, there i3 no
American woman in the English peer
age who has a greater controlling In
fluence on her husband's actions than
Lady Barrymore. "When she married
Lord Barrymore (then Arthur Smith-
Barry) in 1SS9 this lady was the widow
of Arthur Post of New York. By birth,
however, she was Elizabeth "Wads
worth, a daughter of General "Wads
worth of Geneseo. New York, and a
sister of Craig Wadsworth. the Con
gressman. Her present husband, who
was made a Baron in 1902. is a great
Irish landlord. Prior to his marriage
with the former Mrs. Post the name of
Smith-Barry was held in execration
throughout Ireland, and so cordially
was its owner hated that if he had not
been a typical absentee landlprd,
spending all his time and money out of
Ireland, it Is doubtful whether he
would have lived to enjoy hls'elevatlon
to the peerage. All this bad feeling has
now been removed, however, and Lady
Barrymore is responsible for the nevr
condition. of things.
LADY BARRYMORE IS CLEVER.
In fact, she has accomplished exactly
what the American heroine of Richard
Whiting's novel. "The Yellow Van."
tried to do but without success. Lady
Barrymore insisted upon living for a
considerable portion of the year among
her husband's tenants, and she devoted
much time to moving about among
them in a quiet, unostentatious way.
Ftudyinjr their little peculiarities and
sympathizing with them in all their
troubles and misfortunes. The agent
who had hitherto been "master of all
he surveyed." no longer enjoyed Ujjs
privilege of dictating his own terms
and imposing, his own conditions on the
Tipperary tenants. He was allowed t>
retain his position, but Lady Barry
more became practically her husband's
agent.
High Lineage and an Undefiled Char
acter Only Recognized in the
Upper Circle.
King Edward to Establish a Home for
the Royal Court Among His
Irish Subjects.
LONDON HAS THREE DAMES WHO ARE SO EXCLUSIVE
THAT THEY EVEN BAR SOME OF THE KING'S FRIENDS
a divorce from her husband, who after
ward became Duke of Marlborough
and remarried, and so this daughter
of the Abercorns is the mother-in-law
of the present Duchess of Marlborough,
formerly Consuelo Vanderbilt.
But there comes with the comment
always a warning note against double
weddings, it being an old superstition
that one at least of the marriages will
turn oat unhappily and the double wed
ding of. the Marchioness of Lansdowne
and the Marchioness of Blandford fur
nishes a case in point. While Lady
Lansdowne V wedding proved to be the
stepping stone to great happiness, that
of her sister. Lady Blandford, led to
fourteen years of such terrible misery
that it induced Queen Victoria to with
draw one of the most rigid rules of her
reign. Before 1883 no one who had everOrder of Pendo.
Alameda Council of the Order of Pen
do at Its last session Initiated eleven
During the past week the board of
district deputies of San Francisco paid
a visit to Court -..polio in Mission
Opera Hall, to courts San Francisco
and Noe Valley in Duveneck Hall.
Court Preclta and Golden Era and En
deavorer in Mission Masonic Hall and
to courts Golden Gate. Point Lobos and
Companion Court Golden Gate In
Franklin Hall. This was for the pur
pose of enthusing the members in
working for the order and particularly
to Interest It in the membership con
test now on.
Independent Foresters.
•
The annual reunion and banquet of
Hesperian Parlor of the N. S. G. W. on
the second Saturday in May was at
tended by about forty members and
guests. The affair, a pleasant one, was
conducted under the direction of D.
A. E. Hackett, C. H. Spengemann, Au
gust Flanagan, Frederick Struven and
E. L. Stone. Lyman J. Fenn was toast
master, and toasts were responded to
by George Zett, Dr. Maher, Bart Ma
honey, Grand Secretary R. H. Turner.
Charles Spengemann and James H.
Roxburgh. During the supper^ Dr. A.
E. Hackett entertained with Vocal se
lections.
Grand President McLaughlin left San
Francisco for his home in Qulncy, piu
mas County, last week, intending to
stop over In Sacramento on his way
there.
The grand president has appointed
John Porcher, John H. ¦ Nelson and
George H. S; Dryden the finance com
mittee of the Grand Parlor. He also
appointed Frank Mordecai, J. J. Neu
barth arjd Henry Lichtenstein the com
mittee on printing and supplies.
Grand Organizer Andy Mocker is
working among the ->.tlves of the
northern part . of Mendoclno County.
Last week he was in Ukiah : nd In Wil
lits. •
Grand Secretary Turner, in compli
ance with the wishes of the Grand Par
lor, has sent a letter to each subor
dinate parlor requesting the secretary
of each such parlor to send to . the
Grand Secretary's office '. list of those
The Native Sons.
Prosperity Council of the Sentinels of
the Universe at Its last meeting In
April tendered a farewell reception to
Dr. R. F. Tomlinson. its medical direc
tor, on the eve of his departure for tin
East, where he will remain six months
attending a post graduate course of
lectures. There was a pleasant pro
gramme of entertainment and speech
making and then wishes for a safe re
turn.
On the first Thursday in May Oak
land Council No. 77 was instituted in
Oakland by the supreme officers, as
sisted by a number of the members of
the San Francisco councils. The char
ter list contains a gratifying number
of names of people who are well known
In the city of institution.
Mrs. Ida Kruger. recently appointed
as organizer for Prosperity Council.
has been very active and expects to ex
ceed all htr previous records In the
organizing line.
Sentinels of Universe.
Occident Parlor of Eureka had a
crand picnic on the last Friday In
During a recent contest In Bakers
field Miss Frances Gugne was elected
May day queen over all other contest
ants by 100,000 majority. Miss Millie
Gardette was voted the most popular
teacher and Miss Fanny Foran the
most popular secretary of a fraternal
association. All are members of Tejon
Parlor of the N. D. G. W.
Camellia Parlor of Anderson had the
best float In the May day procession
in that place. It represented Califor
nia. /
Amapola Parlor of Sutter Creek cel
ebrated its tin anniversary on the last
Friday In April. The banquet was
r?rved on tin plates with tin spoons
which were stamped with the name of
the parlor, and each one was given his
or her spoon as a souvenir' to be used
at the silver anniversary, when airwill
be collected and plated with silver/ On
parting from the banquet, in honor of
the anniversary, every one present blew
a tin horn. . • ¦/?,
On the first Saturday of May, Past^
Grand President Eliza D. Keith, by spe
cial invitation, attended a celebration
by Geneva Parlor of Camanche, and de
livered the oration. On the afternoon
of May 16 the past grand president is
to address an open meeting of the
Daughters of California Pioneers on
the movement for the restoration of
El Camino Real.
Wenona Parlor of Arcata gave a leap
year party in the latter part of April
which was a great success In every
sense of that word.
Native Daughters.
On the last Tuesday in April Ivy
Chapter initiated six candidates and
after the initiation Mrs., Elkington of
the supper committee presented her re
port, which was laid on the table and
voted down as fast as knives, forks
and spoons could assist the members
and guests. Last Tuesday the chapter
had a children's night under the direc
tion of Mesdames Ahlers, Briggs, Bes
sie Doud, May Dow. Carrie and Mabel
Gordon, Hendry, Lucas, Maxon, Mc-
Laughlin, Noble, Norton, Jennie Per
kins. Salisbury, Stewart. Versalovlch
and Wallis. with Anna Stadtmuller as
chairman. There were songs, Instru
mental ' music and recitations besides
fancy dancing by the little ones, who,
in the future, will become members of
Ivy Chapter. The feature of the en
tertainment was the joining o-f two
little tot8 into the 1 bonds of padlock.
All the participants were wee ones ex
cept the one who acted as minister, he
being a boy of 12. The groom, bride,
best man. bridesmaid and maids of
honor were in full bridal costume, the
groom and best man dressed In regu
lation swallow tall and low cut vest
and the bride in /the most approved
style of wedding attire wit!, tulle veil
and orange blossoms. James E. Gordon,
the worthy patron, was the director of
events and a very good one he made.
After the programme the children were
treated to ice cream and cakes, after
which the adults • iced for an hour.
The chapter will have several candi
dates to initiate at the next meeting.
Starr King Chapter will have > a visit
from the district, deputy at Its next
'The Eastern Star.
The local lodges of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen and the lodges of
the Degree of Honor have organized for
the purpose of having, at a time to be
announced, a family reunion on a large
scale, and have elected as officers of
the organization the following named:
R. H. McPherson, president; C. E.
Sheffer and H. B. Morri3on, vice presi
dents; Frank J. Maguire, secretary,
and Major M. J. Blackman, treasurer.
A number of subcommittees have been
appointed and these are to report at
the next committee meeting, when the
date and place will be fixed upon.
The anniversary celebration by For
get-Me-Not Lodge of the Degree of
Honor, to remind the members and
their friends that the organization was
four years old. was a. decided success.
The hall In the -Red Men's building,
where the celebrants met, was crowded
by members and those who had been
Invited, and they enjoyed the following
programme, that was presented under
the direction of Dr. Blanche Sanborn,
assisted by Miss Martha G. Lester and
Mrs. Henry Kelser. The programme
Included an instrumental overture by
Mrs. Jackson and Mrs. Evans; solo.
Miss Rippldan. accompanied by Mrs.
Peterson: recitation, Harold Helss;
vocal solo, J. H. Davis, Mrs. Jackson
accompanist: musical act, Professor D.
Mansfield. Mrs. Petersen accompanist;
fancy dance, Miss Nancy Tracy; vocal
solo, Mrs. Seate, and recitations, R. F.
McKenzie of St. John's Lodge of the A.
O. U. W. Then followed dancing and
leap year rules for an hour.
Order of Workmen.
At the recent session of the Grand
Court all the recommendations of
S rand Chief Ranger Gabriel were adopt
?d. One of these, referred to the execu
tive council, is the establishment of
headquarters for the order in San Fran
cisco. The grand body authorized the
courts to carry members if by reason
of misfortune they are unable to pay
their dues. IX also authorizes two or
more courts to organize a district and
to recommend the deputy for such.
San Francisco Circle of the Com
panions of the Forest of America will
give a leap year party In Mission
Opera Hall Saturday, May 21, on which
occasion Miss Mary Foye, a very en
ergetic member of this roost social cir
cle, will look after the enforcement of
the leap year rules.
There Is quite a rivalry at this time
among the various circles of the order
in San Francisco as to which will have
the honor of the queen of the carnival
that is to be given In aid of the relief
committee of the Foresters of San
Francisco during the month of June.
There are at least a dozen candidates
'n the field and each circle feels con-
Court Bay City has arranged for a
smoker for its members and invited
guests in its meeting place In the Al
cazar on the evening of May 19.
Court Aurora will have a social even
ing on May 18 in its court room in the
Alcazar.
A board of relief has been establish
ed at Stockton, with J. Ford as presi
dent; A. Felder, vice president, and T.
H. Cosgrave, secretary and financial
officer.
The delegates to the recent session
of the Grand Court of the Foresters of
America, held in Hanford recently, and
the grand officers of that body, were
entertained on their way to the con
vention city by Court Tosemite at
Fresno in great style.
Tamalpais Circle of the Companions
of the Forest of America had a de
lightful dancing party at Sausalito In
the latter part of April. Quite a num
ber of the membership of San Fran
'cisco was present.
American Foresters.
The same night Amity Lodge had
an enjoyable "at home" for Its mem
bers and -friends, and after the pro
gramme there was dancing.
At the . annual business meeting of
the Veteran Rebekah Association Mrs.
Donoho, secretary of the assembly, was
admitted by initiation.
The executive body of the general
committee that has charge of receiv
ing and entertaining the Sovereign
Grand Lodge of the I. O. O. F. has in
vited all subordinate encampments,
cantons, and Rebekah lodges in this
State to take part^ In the monster pa
rade of Odd Fellows to be held In San
Francisco September 23. Valuable
prizes will be given to such organiza
tions as shall make the most creditable
appearance in-line. ,
F. L. Turpin, who last week as presi
dent of the Veteran Odd Fellows' As
sociation turned over the gavel to Ma
jor. Jack Thompson, his successor . in
office, has been a most active member
of. .the order. During, the past four
years he, by his personal efforts, pre
sented and had initiated Into his sub
ordinate lodge, -Pacific, 100 candidates.
• The following is his record In the or
der : Past grand Pacific Lodge No. 155,
.past president general relief committee,
past chief patriarch Golden Gate En
campment No. 1, Canton San Francisco
No. 5, past president Veteran Odd Fel
lowa* Association; loyal Rebekah Lodge
No. 215,; Excelsior Degree' Lodge No. 1,
president Past Grands' Association.
The last visit of the term by Mrs.
Alma Isabelle Jensen, president of the
California Assembly, was to Mission
Rebekah Lodge on the last Saturday
in April. It was a most pleasant one;
the visitor and other officers of the
assembly who accompanied her being
received with that fraternal spirit for
which this lodge is noted. At the close
of the meeting there was a banquet'
at which the president of the assembly
was presented by the lodge a pretty
chocolate set as a token of fraternal
love. The other officers were presented
a bouquet of choice roses and during the
speech-making Past Grand Master W.
W. Watson paid a most flattering com
pliment to Mrs. Mary E. Donoho, the
secretary of the assembly, for the man
ner In which she had conducted the
affairs of the office.
Odd Fellowship.
At the last session of Silver Leaf As
sembly three candidates were initiated
in the amplified form and the work
was in a very creditable manner.
San Francisco Lodge at its last meet
ing-received applications for member
ship, and the members, prior to busi
ness, enjoyed a game of progressive
whist.
Silver Leaf Assembly, No. 2S0, of the
United Artisans, has decided to move
from Foresters' Hall, on Eddy street, to
Friendship Hall, in the Odd Fellows'
building. The change- will take effect
on next Saturday night, on which occa
sion there will be an informal reception
which is to be conducted under the di
rection of a general committee organ
ized to provide entertainment for all the
subordinates of the prder and of which
Deputy Grand- Artisan Mrs. Jennie
McE. Galbraith is the chairman and
A. J. Vallade in charge of the gentle
men of the sub-committees and Jo
sephine Myser of the ladles of such
committees.
United Artisans.
Columbia Assembly No. 1, Ladles of
the National Union, at its meeting on
the last Thursday in April decided to
move into one of the halls in the Na
tive Sons' building, where In future tha
meetings of the Assembly will be held.
Arrangements are being made for a
house warming of the new quarters by
giving an entertainment in the near
future.
California Council at Its meeting on
the first Wednesday in Slajr had a good
attendance of members and visitors, in
cluding "Pop" Wilson, the new deputy,
who kept busy during recess asking all
present "Have you got that man?"
Many replied that they have got him
and that he may have the pleasure of
preparing them for initiation. After
the business of the evening, which in
cluded the presentation of several ap
plications, there was a pleasant social
hour under the direction of Speaker
E. C. Ker.
There was a good attendance at th?
last held meeting of Golden Gate Coun
cil and a very pleasant evening was
passed under the head of good for th 3
order. This council is working ti>
reach the 500 mark.
National Union.
April and in order that the children
of the place might have an opportunity
to enjoy the day the City Board of
Education closed the schools.
Mrs. Christiana Lartos, who was
born In this State in 1830, was initiated
into Genevieve Parlor last week, and
it is claimed that at the age of 74 she
is the oldest daughter now a member of
the order. The "oldest" daughter's
father was -the late Marceline Esco
bar, who was an alcalde in Monterey
In the early forties, and at one time
one of the wealthiest land owners of the
State. At the time of his death , he
was the owner of the Heuerta del Rey
rancho and the famous salt' lake, a
portion of 'which is still an object of
attraction in the immediate vicinity
c-f the Hotel del Monte. Her father,,
who was a very religious man, made a
special trip to the City of Mexico In
the very early days for the purpose of
securing people and scenery to produce,
for the first time in California, th*
Passion Play, and he brought these to
Monterey at great expense. In her
young days Mrs. Larioa was. known far
and wide as the Spanish dancer
In the country and she was always the
belle at the social functions before the
advent of the Americans. She was
twice married and Is now the widow pf
the late Garcia Larios, who was the
owner of the originaf" Santa Ana
Rancho and the greater portion of the
land on which is built up the town of
San Juan. Mrs. Larios has given birth
to twenty-five children, seven of whom
are now alive, four sons and three
daughters, the latter being Mrs. Wil
liam Alviso, Mrs. John Llllard and Mrs.
Reuben W. Smith.
' The ball given on. the second Tues
day In Steinway Hail by Olive Branch
Chapter was well attended. In the
grand march, led by Roy Block, the
patron^ and Minnie S. Reed, the asso
ciate matron, in the absence of Mrs.
Theresa Fredericks, the matron, who
recently lost her mother by death,
there were 110 couples. During the
march each lady was presented a small
box of delicate candy. The floor man
ager was S. Sllverstone, assisted by
Ray Goldsmith, Rose Pistoleai. Louis
B. Brandt. Henry Mauser and Mark
Caaner and Joe Rosenberg,. Roy Block,
Sadie Miller and Sadie J. Kahn of. the
committee of arrangements.
session, which will be an executive one.
The meeting of this chapter on the
first Tuesday 7 ln May was attended by
a very large number of people, who
enjoyed a pleasant social hour after
the close of business.
Deputy H. H. Barnes is actively at
work placing applications for member
ship In the several lodges of this city.
Arrangements are nearly completed
for the open meeting to be held under
the auspices of the Past Dictators' As
sociation. Each of the local lodges will
contribute to the programme, and It is
expected a most excellent entertainment
will be presented. The event will be
on the 8th of June in the Laurel Hall
of the Shlels building.
Ivy Lodge at Its last meeting re
ceived three applications, and Liberty
Lodge two. '.•:¦:''¦
Liberty Lodge of the Knights of
Honor has completed all its arrange
ments for Its grand family outing to
Camp Taylor May 30. The following
named compose the committee that has
the matter in charge: Ben I. Salomon,
chairman; R. A. A. Summers, B. E.
George, Fritz Palm, William J. Lang
staff, John Porter, L. L. Fletcher, John
Stewart, I. Citron, H. Schoenberg and
B. E. George Jr. There will be- games,
i aces, special attractions and dancing.
W. W. Berrlll has been selected as floor
manager. He will be assisted by B. E.
George Jr., A. Hemming and N. H.
Hirschfeld of Norma Lodge. The pic
nics given in the past by the Knights
of Honor, whether as a single lodge or
a combination oC lodges, have always
been marked by the orderly manner in
which they have been conducted. It la
the purpose of the present committee to
maintain the reputation of the order In
this matter.
Knights of Honor.
Arrangements have been made for a
day and night at the Chutes, May 18,
In aid of the bureau of relief of the
Woodmen of the World. The com
mittee announces special attractions
for that occasion.
California Camp will have a theater
party in the Lyceum, May 25, and the
eommittee says that it will be "a warm
night." The camp's Oriental team will
present the most interesting portion of
the Oriental degree, when a member of
California Circle will be the." candidate.
This' will be particularly interesting
for the wives of Neighbors of Wood
craft, as it will be the first time that
the team, which has created many a
prince, will confer the degree on one
who will be hailed as a princess, and
they will have an opportunity to wit
ness that which they have heard their
husbands speak of In a vague manner,
but which has always been a mystery
to them. In addition to this "Papa"
Vincent •will appear as a female im
personator and execute a pas,, and
there will be a leg-sawing contest for
a trophy. The several camps of the
city are taking a deep interest in Cali
fornia's night and are securing blocks
of seats so that each camp may be by
itself.
An excellent programme of up-to
date specialties and *a farce will be of
fered by San Francisco Camp In Na
tive Sons' Hall to-morrow night In
celebration of. the anniversary of its
institution. The programme will be
followed by a ball.
Haven Circle, Women of Woodcraft,
on the second Tuesday In May gave
a party in Mission Opera Hall, which
was well attended and it proved a
very enjoyable affair. It was under
the management of Mrs. Lizzie Mer
rill, the guardian neighbor, as chair
man, assisted by Neighbors 'Cecil Mel
bourne, Theresa Magulre, Sadie Lands
burg, Petrla McRose. Ida Kruger, Eliz
abeth Buhsen and Ella Marsen. This
-circle Is making considerable progress
in woodcraft and at each meeting add
ing to the membership and the interest
of the sessions. .
Woodcraft.
On the evening of the first Thursday
in May Past President Mrs. M. M. Reed
of the Friends of the Forest entertain
ed a number of the past presidents and
a few invited guests at the beautiful
home of her daughter, Mrs. Louis C.
Pistolesi, In Sausallto. The visitors
were met at the .boat by the hotes3,
who escorted them through a path bor
dered with roses, to the home, where
they were welcomed by Mrs. Pistolesi.
During the early part of the afternoon
luncheon was served in the dining
room, which had been converted into
a bower of choice flowers, artistically
distributed in beds of ferns. In the af
ternoon the guests were taken in a
launch for a ride on the bay. Those
who formed the party were: Mrs. M.
M. Reed. Mrs. L. C. Pistolesi, Miss Min
nie Reed, Mr. and Mrs. D. B. Dygert.
Mrs. J. T. Raymond. Mrs. Julia Mil
ler, Mrs. Louise Carcass, Mrs. Annie
Home of Santa Rosa, Mrs. Lillian Hess.
Miss Amanda Berry. Mrs. E. J. Jeff
ery. Mrs. Anna Kldd. Mrs. Lena Schol
ten, Mrs. O. F. Gould, T. C. Try
on, Mrs. Mary Probert, Mrs. Inez Mar
shall, Mrs. Anna TV". Lewis, Mrs. Fran
ces Barnett, Miss Thelma Barnett, Mrs.
Mary E. Hunter. Mrs. Jennie Healy,
Mrs. Ida Blackall. Mrs. H. L. Howard,
Mrs. U. B. Burlingame, Mrs. Mary E.
TrenelL
Friends of the Forest.
A number of ladles have formed an
organization with the Idea of enter
taining the ladies who shall accom
pany the Knights Templar who are
coming here to attend the conclave in
September. Mrs. J. "W. Burnham of
Alameda was chosen chairman and
Miss Henrietta Stadmuller was elect
ed secretary. Mrs. Burnham was
chairman of the ladies* reception com
mittee for the triennial conclave held
in San Francisco twenty-one years
ago and managed the affairs of that^
committee with admirable tact and
skill. It was for that reason that the
Grand Commandery of California and
the executive board 1 of the triennial
committee prevailed upon Mrs. Burn
ham to accept the presidency of -the
ladies' committee. It was decided, as,
one of the first and principal duties of
the committee, to pay attention to the
ladies who will attend the conclave
with sir knights: receive them upon
arrival in this city, entertain and -how
them every possible attention, during
their sojourn here. A committee of
ladies will be in attendance at the
grand nave of the Ferry depot to re
ceive the arrivals?. The three parlors
at the Palace Hotel have been secured
for reception-rooms and additional
committees will be in attendance at
each of the principal hotels and at
the various headquarters to care: for
the comfort of visiting ladies. Re
ceptions, a grand ball, theater parties,
trolley rides and excursions are under
consideration.
Triennial Conclave.
A few days since Miss Ella Campbell,
the young and pretty lieutenant of San
Francisco Drill Corps No. 2 of the Re
bekahs of this city, was married at the
residence of the Rev. Dr. Strong to
T. C. Nixon of this city, in the pres
ence of the immediate relatives of the
contracting parties. After the. wedding
there was, a dinner and the following
day th# happy pair left for a wedding 1
tour through the southern part of the
State.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge at its last
meeting initiated three strangers In a
most perfect, manner in the presence
cf a large number of the members of
the order, including many who were
delegates to the California Assembly.
The hall was prettily dcec rated and it
was so filled that in a measure the au
dience crowded the team in the floor
work. The work of the officers was
highly commended by Past Presidents
Fannie Benjamin, Minerva Karsner,
secretary, of the assembly. Mary E.
Donoho; and many others from various
p^rts of the State.
PERSONS PROMINENT.
IN LOCAL LODGE
WORK.
The people of Santa Monica made
arrangements for a banquet In honor
of Grand Regent Jones, one of the cit
izens of that place, to testify their ap
preciation of his election to the ex
alted position 6t head of the Royal
Arcanum of California. It was given
in the pavilion, Ocean avenue. May 4.
Buena Vista Council, Royal . Arca
num, has nppolntel O. Gunzendorfer,
P. G. R., Maurice A. Lyons and Frank
J. Mijler a committee to plan . three
membership .campaigns for the council
between the present and next meeting
of the Grand Council. After the meet
ing steins were presented to F. J. Mil
ler, B. M. Eisner, C. F. Cahill and J. C.
"Weber, having won them in the re
cent whist tournament. The meeting
was addressed by G. Van Buren, T. G.
Hodgkins, M. G. Bugbee and others.
There was a good attendance at
Golden "West Council last week to re
ceive Charles C. McDougall, recently
appointed deputy grand regent for that
subordinate. There were many speech
es for the good of the order.
The proposition for a large class ini
tiation has been received with a great
deal of enthusiasm by the membership
of this city. Past Grand Regent Gun
zendorfer, who has the matter in
charge, is of the opinion that at least
200 strangers will be initiated at one
time next July, by a team composed of
those best qualified to deliver the
charges. The work will be In the am
plified form under the direction of
George H. Bartlett.
Grand Regent Jones proposes a sec
ond series of visitations to councils in
the southern part of the State and the
first of which was last Friday to Pasa
dena Council. The Grand Regent will
be accompanied by- a number of mem
bers of the order.
Royal Arcanum.
On the night of the first Tuesday in
May Mrs. Krimminger, grand chief
companion, paid an official visit to
Inter Ncs Circle. There was a large
number of the members of the circle
and of members of the order in at
tendance and the meeting was a pleas
ant one. The hall was prettily decor
ated for the event and many of those
present made remarks for the good of
the circle and of the order. The grand
chief companion was given a tribute
of fraternal admiration. Mrs. Lizzie At
wood, for many years the deputy of
the circle, who that night retired from
deputyshlp of that and three othec cir
cles of the order in the city, was pre
sented a handsome clock in token of
true appreciation of her indefatigable
work for the circle, after which Grand
Marshal P. H. Coyle, a member of the
circle, was presented a Bet of orna
mented dishes. Then there was danc
ing and the serving of a collation.
fident that its member will wear the
crown.
On the first Saturday In May the
new officers of Boadicea Circle, with
Mrs. R. Samuels as arch druidess and
Mrs. L. Lc-ornis as first bard, were in
stalled by Deputy Dr. Thomas Con
rad. After the installation a handsome
badge was presented to Mrs. Lena Son
reman, the retiring arch druidess. and
she was al30 presented living plants
and with beautiful flowers. The new
presiding officer was also presented a
large number of roses, carnations and
tropical plants. A
• On the first Thursday in May Noble
Grar.d Arch Beck, assisted by a num
ber of the grand officers, by special re
quest installed the officers of Old
Friends Grove in the Druidic Temple,
in the presence of a very large num
ber of members of the order. After the
ceremony there was an adjournment
to the banquet hall, where the grove
and guests enjoyed a banquet In cele
bration of the second anniversary of its
institution. After an elaborate supper
there were addresses by the noble
prand arch, Past Noble Grand Arch
George H. Bahrs. Grand Seeretary
Martinoni, Grand Marshal Antono
vich. Grand Trustees Dorn and Sichel,
Pa*t Grar.d Sentinel Stock and others.
Duiing the evening P. A. Murphy, the
retiring noble arch, was presented a
valuable emblematic badge in recog
nition of good service rendered the
prove during his term of office.
The new officers c-f McKinley Grove
were duly installed last week, after
which there were addresses for the
pood of the order by the retiring and
new officers and by members of Lin
coln Grove. The new officers are: For
est Coburn. past arch; J. H. Peterson,
noble arch; Thomas Griffin, vice arch;
C. Roberts, recording, and C. H. Drews,
financial secretary; Fred Mansen,
treasurer; L. Buekaleer. conductor; E.
H. Woods, inside, and H. Strickland,
outside guardian.
After the installation of the officers
of Yosemite Grove last week, the grove,
desiring to show its kindly feeling for
W. H. Kent, the retiring past noble
arch, presented him a beautiful charm
embellished with the various symbols
of the order. The presentation was
followed by addresses by members of
Sunset, Columbia and McKinley
proves, also a few words by Grand
Trustee G. \V. Sirhel.
Grcnd Arch Druidess Louise Zazzi's
last oSQdaJ visit of the term to a cir
cle of the Druidesses was to Golden
Gate, her home circle, on the last
Thursday in April. There was a large
attendance of members of the order
present and during the evening many
members of El Dorado entered the
room In a body. After addresses by the
prand arch druidess. Grand Secretary
A. Thornhi!!, Past Grand Arch Druid
<-ss Frances J. Williams. Grand Secre
tary James F. Martinoni. V. A. O. D.,
Grand Treasurer Mrs. D. Bammann,
Grand Conductress Mrs. O. Henden,
Grand Guardian Mrs. Hiribarrcn and
Grand Organist Miss Eva Wolff, there
was the presentation of a bunch of
choice roses to each of the grand ©fil
ters by Stephen Glover, oa behalf of
the circle. The officers of the circle
then served a collation to the visitors
and the members.
Santa Cruz grove at its meeting In
April had an interesting event, namely,
the initiation of forty-seven candidates.
Thereby increasing the membership to
4LS, making it the banner grove of the
jurisdiction.
Elections for officers for the current
term will be held in each council at
the last held meeting In May.
a D. Beel of Berkeley Council has
been appointed a special deputy for
Home Council of San Francisco, and
he has already secured a number of
candidates whose applications were pre
sented at the meeting of that council
on the second Monday In May.
During the past two weeks a new
council with fifty charter members was
instituted at Nogales, Arizona, by Dep
uty J. "W. Ross. Deputy M. D. "Wolff
instituted a council at Roy, "Wash.,
with thirty-five charter members, and
Deputy P. A. Farquharson instituted
one at Caatle Rock. Wash.
Supreme Councilor Tugwell returned
from Portland, Or., last week, where
he paid an official visit to the council
there.
Mrs. E. M. Hanlon, who Is looking
after the interests of Oakland Council,
reports to the supreme ofBce that the
subordinate is having Initiations at
each meeting.
strangers into the mysteries of that
order. There was also an entertain
ment, which was- enjoyed by a large
number of people.
Berkeley Council at its last meeting
disposed of business in short order and
then had a social evening, when there
was presented a pleasing programme
of music and sons, after which there
was dancing for an hour.
members of the parlor and family go
ing to the St. Louis fair.
Granite Parlor on the second Sat
urday in May initiated a class of more
than fifty candidates in it3 hall in Fol-
Bom. That evening the Initiating par
lor was presented a set of handsome
regalia, the gift of Sacramento Par
lor No. 3.
•THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, MAY 15, 190*.
18
ECHOES
FROM THE
LODGE
ROOMClyde Fitch is to write a society jlay
for Blanche Walsh, to be completed oh
the first of January. Mr. Fitch will
have four plays in operation next sea
son.
* • •
Charles Frohman will star Mrs. Gil
bert In a new play by Clyde Fitch
called "Grandmother" next season.
* • •
E. S. Willard has been meeting with
so much success in ( the English prov
inces that he has* decided to aban
don his fall tour in this country, and
a second tour ¦ of Ensland is now
booked.
* • •
"The Man From China," by Paul
HAPPENINGS AMONG '-. /^
THE PLAYER FOLK ON
AND OFF THE STAGE
the standards of excellence in acting,
scenery, costumes, historical detail and
ensembles are found on the Amer
ican stage. Mansfield's productions of
"Cyrano de Bergerac," "King Henry
V," "Beaucaire," "Julius Caesar," "Old
Heidelberg" and "Ivan the Terrible"
made this chapter of dramatic his
tory, and this great -artist returns to
San Francisco the most eminent- actor
and manager of, his generation.
It. is characteristic of Mansfleldlan
prodigality that, though he might well
carry his fortnight Irere triumphantly
with a single play, one of those involv
ing a small cast, that he has arranged
an elaborate repertoire, embracing sev
eral of his most massive productions
and requiring an organization of 106
people. He comes with , one handicap,
however. It will be difficult for Mans
field to take his audiences by surprise.
Much is anticipated, which is always
a formidable burden for an artist.
To-morrow night Mr. Mansfield pre
sents his great production and charac
ter of "Ivan the Terrible," written by
Count Alexis Tolstoy and first pro
duced in English, by Mr. Mansfield at
the New Amsterdam Theater on March
1 last, with the most pronounced tri
umph of any event of many seasons. A
critic cabling his London paper went
/so far as to say, "There have been only
.('two things on the New York stage this
winter, 'Parsifal' and 'Ivan, the Terrl
«ble.' '¦' Other opinions were . In accord
and the impression has connected itself
that this is one of the greatest . per
formances of the modern stage.
On Tuesday evening; Mr. Mansfield
will make a radical change in his char
acterization, disclosing one ¦ of- those
.emphatic and startling contrasts for
which he is celebrated, and for. the first
Since his last appearance here/ how
ever, Mansfield seems to have nailed
the penant of the American stage to
his masthead and challenged the world.
The past nine years has seen America'
take a position of international emin
ence in manufactures, shipping, yacht-
Ing, 1 contemporary literature, states
manship and drama. Richard Mans
field's energy,, example and achieve
ments are responsible for the fact that
now, as contrasted with 'former years,
To-day a special train of eleven cars
Is bringing v Rlchard Mansfield and his
enormous company of artists over the
mountains. They will arrive to-mor
row morning and to-morrow evening
the great actor will be seen at the Co
lumbia Theater, and for two, Weeks.
These will be his only appearances in
California.
Mr. Mansfield's return marks his first
appearance in San Francisco in nine
years. At that time he was recognized
as one of the foremost players in Am
erica, an artist of marked, genius for
all the aspects of his arO of almost
unlimited possibility. He has raised
himself to eminence by such matchless
creations as the Baron Chevrial in "A
Parisian Romance," Beau Brummel,
King Richard III, Shylock, Prince Karl,
Dr. . Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, Napoleon,
Nero and others.
NEW PLAYS AND OLD
FAVORITES ARE TO
BE SEEN THIS WEEK
peared the shadow of a hand, beckon
ing, beckoning.
I looked and smiled at madame. She
looked -and smiled back. Then the
great prima donna said, drawing up
her chair to whisper, and with her fin
ger on her lip: "She thinks she is my
husband! 'You must not do this,' 'You
must not do that,' she tells me. And
'You must put on this shawl,' and 'You
must take this milk,' she says," and
madame actually pouted. "She will
come and take me away if I do not
go, I think!"
And so" we said good-day. It isn't all
beer and skittles to own a "throat of
gold—" unless it is a castiron one like
Schumann-Heink's. In that case you
may get frankfurters, too.
Daughter of the Regiment,* 'L'Elisir
D'Amore,' 'Magic Flute' and all those
things you have kept for New York,"
I prophesied, fervently.
Madame, laughed. "Perhaps."
"Wonderful what a vogue the old
Italian operas have h?d this last sea
son," Mr. Edmunds exclaimed. "Time
was when you could hardly get a cor
poral's guard for anything but Wag
ner. But 'Lucia/ 'Puritan!, ' all of
them, were sure of full bouses."
"What operas do you l»ke_. best,
madame— for yourself," asked her.
"Of course. Mozart," madame re
plied, "but there are Verdi, Donizetti,
Rossini, oh, many others. I like 'Die
Fledermaus' — may sing the part of
Rosalinda this season."
"Did you like the 'Manru* of Pader
ewski — I saw that you had created
the soprano role."
¦ "I like it," madame returned, de
cidedly, "a beautiful tenor part."
"And the Richard Strauss opera
'Feuersnoth,' how Is that?"
"Ah, that I have not heard,- But my
husband says it is very good," and
Dr. Stengel, who rapped * poor little
Marcella Kohansky's tired knuckles for
her when he taught her to play piano
—all-unknowing that the child was
playing dance music 'almost all night
and practicing all day— this same Dr.
Stengel is evidently still the same au
thority to Marcella Sembrich.
"Will Herr Conried produce Pucci
ni's 'Madame Butterfly' this season —
you are to sing It, I know?"
"Not yet,' I know," Sembrich an
swered. "It is difficult to produce the
new things. One is rather afraid."
"And 'Madame Butterfly' did not go
so well- at its premiere — in Milan, I'
think," I said. "Still, 'Carmen' failed,
and who knows how many more op
eras at their debuts. 'Zaza,' too. You
Know we have had 'Zaza' here?"
"You have had all things here,"
madame laughed. " 'Andre Chenler,'
La Tosca,' 'Zaza'— how you like It?"
• "Quite well," I averred.
"The part is good," I think," madame
said. "I like very.' well the modern
Italians, but mostly they are too dra
matic for my voice."
"But you have "sung Wagner, mad
ame "
"Only Elsa and Eva," she retiirned.'
Then, on the shining redwood. of the
little hall leading to her bedroom ap-
THE FAMOUS PRIMA DONNA DISCUSSES HER ART.
So I fear when I come here. And then
one sings not so well. And people —
;ih! they are cruel! They remember
so badly the good things and remem
ber so well If one sings once out of
the key. or the note that breaks." It
Mas the artist, shudderlngly sensitive,
that spoke.
I interrupted the uncomfortable
truth with this: "They tell me,
madame, that you were the only singer
who never disappointed the audience
during the last grand opera season."
"It is true," madame smiled, as she
knocked gravely on the rosewood desk,
and then, with exquisite graciousness
added, I thank you."
"Madame has sung sixty-four times
this season," her manager added.
"Which do you prefer, the concert
or operatic work?" I asked.
"Opera is easier," the singer began.
"You see, She has only one or two
big arias and a little recitative in
opera," Mr. Edmunds continued.
"And one must stand so," — the
singer primly clasped her hands, stif
fened herself and pursed her lips as
she spoke — "in concert. When one Is
acting one can throw off the restraint.
It is easier to sing so. How do you
think the Alhambra is for sound?"
"Very good," I witnessed. "Does it
feel so to you?"
"Very agreeable," the singer said.
"Sometimes it feels to me as though I
were singing at a wall"— she put up
her hands before her face to illustrate
— "there, no. It feels very free for the
voice. And your audiences here" — it
was after her first concerts — "are so
good. How well they know the lleder!
I was surprised. It is charming to
sing for them. You must have many
Germans here."
"Oh, yes." I told her, "but the Schu
mann, Schubert and Brahms Jieder are
pretty well known to most of the con
cert-goers. We are not wholly ignorant
of Wolf, Strauss and Loewy, either,"
I boasted in conclusion.
"You know that is exceptional,"
madame said, gravely, complimentary.
"I must sing in many places almost
entirely the operatic repertoire. And I
so love the lleder."
"I was delighted with your Strauss
songs," I exclaimed.
"They are beautiful — n'est ce pas'."
she cried, her eyes glinting golden
fire.
When madame, by the way, is not
using her exquisitely pretty and
formal English she runs off Into fluent
French. And she lives in Dresden,
where they certainly used to speak
German, though not so charming a3
madame's. And Italian opera is her
forte. But none of these are to her
what that fiery Polish is, in which she
electrified us in the Lubomirski ma
zourka last Tuesday night. For a
change, however, she takes the
Tschaikowsky "Lullaby" In its native
Russian!
"Strauss is a great man," she went
on. "The 'Caecilie' I think a beautiful
song. Oh, so many there are!"
"I rather hoped you would sing some
of the Hugo Wolf songs," I suggested.
"Schumann-Heink gave us the 'Helm
weh* and Denis O'Sullivan the 'Anac
reon's Grab.' "
"I would also like to sing something
of his," madame said, clasping her
hands in delicate enthusiasm. "The
'Storcnenbotschaft,' " she cried. " 'The
Storks,' you know. It is lovely." ,
"Sing it." I suggested.
"But my programme is already made
up," she demurred. "Still I will change
it. I will sing lieder instead of the
last aria— yes, Mr. Edmunds. Here they
will like it. They understand."
"The Russian lieder — " I suggested.
"I will sing a lullaby of Tschaikow
sky," she decided; "a Polish song, too."
And that is how Madame Sembrich
came to pay us the pretty compliment
of singing five Wholly new songs on her
last programme in place of her accus
tomed aria.
We began then to talk of the Rus
sian group of composers, and Mme.
Sembrich owned to an enthusiasm for
Arensky's, Tschaikowsky's arid other
Russian lieder. She ended by saying:
"I have tried to persuade Herr Conried
to produce 'Yevgenljie Onegin 1 — one of
Tschaikowsky's seven operas — at the
Metropolitan." Vf
"When are you going to bring Mr.
Conried out here?" I asked, "next sea
son? No! Not really!" for madamp
and Mr. Edmunds had both nodded a
sort of affirmative.
"It is not settled," madame tem
pered.
"But there was quite a little talk
of it at the end of the season," the
manager affirmed.
"Tell Mr. Conried we pay very
well," I suggested.
"But vou make the singers work
very hard." Mr. Edmunds laughed,
"every night in the week. In New
York it is only four, you know, the
Monday. Wednesday, Friday and
Sunday.*'
".Sunday!"
"Sacred concerts." he explained.
"But there is every week one night In
Philadelphia.." madame added.
"Where else does the Metropolitan
Opera Company go, by the way?"
"Only to Pittsburg, Cincinnati,
Eoston and Chicago," the manager
replied.
"When should you come here, if
you do come?" I asked. "November,
as last time?"
"Yes," the manager nodded.
"I heard *Epoken of the latter end
of the season, March," madame con
tributed.
"Then you will sing for us 'The
The Matsuda royal Japanese troupe
of Jugglers is headlined at the Chutes,
along with a $15,000 -pneumatic sym
phony orchestra that will make Its first
appearance this week.
The Marcel living statuary.most beau
tiful of the living pictures ever seen
here, will be the star turn of the week
at the Orpheum. Yung Ju Kim arid Chi
Suke Oke, whose land the Russians and
Japanese are fighting over, will con
tribute the first Korean wizardry ever
seen in America; ' V
"Down by the Sea." a new maritime
drama, will be put on at the Central
this week. The drama is new here and
demands elaborate setting:, that the
Central will handsomely provide.
• • •
The new bill at the Grand Opera
house will be "Empress Theodora," the,
third of the highly successful series of
Sardou dramas that Melbourne Mac-
Dowell is presenting. The new bill be
gins with this afternoon's matinee per
formance.
Things have been humming of late at
the Alcazar, and to-morrow evening
the company turns tof'ln- -a production
of "Colinette," a comedy drama by
Henry Guy Carleton, in which Julia
Marlowe found success. A good pro
duction may safely be prophesied.
"A Runaway Girl" at the TivoH is
attracting much complimentary atten
tion. The comedy is of the very pret
tiest things of its genre.
The California has an excellent at
traction, in "Our New Minister." whose
run* has been extended to two weeks.
Ernest Hastings in the title role wins
new affection from the matinee con
tingent and sincere admiration on all
hands for his splendid characterization.
The company throughout is admirable.
time here will be seen as Prince Karl
Heinrlch, in'Wllhelm Meyer-Forster's
universally successful play of German
university life, i'Old Heidelberg." In
both "Ivan the Terrible" and "Old
Heidelberg" will be revealed produc
tions of unusual magnitude and mas
siveness. There are seven splendid set
tings of Imperial Russian life in the
Tolstoy play, and the pictures In th©
"Old Heidelberg" disclose German
court and student life in its most
amusing and impressive phases. Nearly
200 people will appear In the bread
riota in the third act of "Ivan the Ter
rible." Mr. Mansfield brings a male
chorus of fifty-two for the student
songs In "Old Heidelberg."
A revival of "A Parisian Romance"
will be the feature of Wednesday
night, when Mr. Mansfield will be seen
in his celebrated characterization of the
paralvtic old French roue, the Baron
Chevrial, a role which first lifted him
to eminence, and in his hands it re
tains its singular fascination as one of
the great roles of the ,acted drama.
The bill will again change on Thurs
day evening, when a revival of ','Beau
Brummel" will be put upon the stage,
the same which was such a pleasurable
sensation during the recent Mansfield
season at the New Amsterdam Theater,
New York. .Friday night will see the
second night of "Old Heidelberg,"
Saturday afternoon will be devoted to
the only matinee of "Beau Brummel,"
and the first week will be brought to a
close on Saturday night with the sec
ond performance of "Ivan the Terrible."
The order of plays for the second and
last week' Is: Monday, "Old Heidel
berg"; Tuesday, the last performance
of "Ivan the Terrible"; Wednesday,
the last time of Beau Brummel";
Thursday, "Old Heidelberg"; Friday
night, Mr. Mansfield's only appearance
in his celebrated and original charac
terization, "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde";
Saturday, last matinee, last time and
only matinee of "Old Hedelberg," and
Saturday (farewell night), Mr. Mans
field will appear in a scene from each
of the five plays of his repertoire.
One word in regard to the question of
seats. The Mansfield seat sale during
the last three days has been a record
• breaker. Many thoughtless gossips are
carrying abroad tales of difficulty in
securing seats. The management do
sires to announce that there are seats
for all performances at any price, and
no one should abandon the idea of
seeing Mansfield without applying at
the box office of the Columbia. Many
people imagine that to get good seats
they must reach ahead toward the end
of this week, or into next week. Obvi
ously a concerted belief of this sort
would leave an opening for those wise
enough to ask for seats for the earlier
performances.
It is a setting of a poem by one of
the foremost of English writers (Car
dinal Newman) and was composed, as
dozens of other .English cantatas and
oratorioshave teen before it. for one
of the. English- provincial music festi
vals, that, of .Birmingham in 1900. And
it Is the only English composition in
'the serious walks of art that has made
the least impressloti that seems likely
to De lasting "outside of England since
, the last of the great Englishmen.
Henry Purcell. The only man who can
contest with Elgar for this distinction
is Sir Arthur Sullivan, whose finest
jvork, was at the very opposite pole
from Elgar's.
The performance of Edward Elgar's
cantata, "The Dream of Gerontlus," by
the Oratorio Society has shown that
there is in England at least one com
poser of original and highly Imagin
ative powers, who is able to go outside
of the conventional ruts in which Eng
lish music has so long traveled. "The
Dream of Gerontius" is perhaps the
one product of llngllsh musicianship
for a period measurable only in gener
ations that is not founded upon the
sacred models of Handel and Men
delssohn, and that may, at the same
time, be considered entirely English In
its sources and in its inspiration. It Is
by a thorough-going Englishman who
has gained all' his training in his native
land, acquiring knowledge and experi
ence by hard work in minor positions
in English bands and choir lofts and
by his own study of scores; and, so far
as the record tells us, has never had the
time or the means even to listen to the
music of Germany, France v or Italy on
its native soil.- V^_/
Here Is what Richard • Aldrlch, th©
erudite musical critic of the New York
Post, has to say of -Elgar's "Dream of
Gerontlus," that will be given here for
the first time this week by the San
Francisco Music Club, under Dr. H. J.
Stewart's direction. Mr. Aldrlch
speaks, of a New York performance of
the work.
Well, "la commedia e flnlta," la tela
cade. The season's all over, the last
note Bounded, and that last note Mar
cella Sembrich's.
Truth to tell, and I should count my
self an ill friend of Sembrieh'3 to say
otherwise, her present visit has been
so/nethlng of a disappointment. At her
first concert the singer was obviously
out of trim; her second found her with
recovered poise, but with still strained
upper notes; the third, though again
more satisfying, demonstrated the fact
that the voice needs rest. I do not be
lieve that Sembrich is "losing -her
voice." Sixty-flv© appearances In one
season, with the incidental fatigue of
travel, to an exquisitely sensitive or
gan like the lyric soprano voice, spells
an easily comprehensible fatigue. Add
to this the singer's curious but not ill
founded superstition as to her ill-luck
in San Francisco — fear directly affects
the breath, and the breath is the life
of the voice, with her anxiety concern
ing a possibly dying mother 5000 miles
away In Dresden, and one need look no
further for cause. Besides, there were
notes at the end of the third pro
gramme getting on to that superb ring-
Ing mellowness that we know as the
Sembrich voice. But, distinctly, sha
needs the rest. There were notes pain
ful in their evidence of strain at all the
concerts. And least of all can we af
ford to lose Marcella Sembrich. It was.
I think, rather than for any artistic
reason, the magnificent sufficiency of
Schumann-Heink's voice that has led to
the many absurd comparisons floating
about. As well compare a nightingale
with an eagle! When it comes to the
matter of personal pleasure obtained
from one or the other c 'est autre
chos^e. Artistically they cannot be com
pared.
They work with mediums entirely
different. Sembrich's is the Jewelry of
song, the point lace, the light sigh, the
young laughter, the prattle of angels.
Schumann-Heink's is the voice of the
oak, the storm, death, life, Homeric
mirth, child's sorrow. Sometimes one
impinges upon the other's domain. The
dramatic r>assion of Sembrich'a Lubo
mirski "Mazurka" — her native Polish —
with which the singer crowned her last
concert, was, I think, startling to her
warmest admirer.
The last concert altogether was of
larger significance. The singer's choice
in omitting such numbers as the Strauss
valse and the Arditi "Parla" in defer
ence to our tastes and in accordance
with her own desires, was a distinct
compliment. But one is left with many
profoundly beautiful memories of the
season. Schumann "Nussbaum," celes
tially delicate, the rare comedy of the
"Wolf "Stcrchenbotschaft." the light and
fire of the mazurka aforesaid, her de
licious Mozart, the "Mon Petit Coeur
Soupire." with its last five wonderful
notes sent floating like rcseleaves on
morning airs. Then there was the
Strauss "Caecilie," the Schumann
"Auftraege," the Brahms "Wie Melo
dien Zieht es mir," the Bizet "Pas
torale" — let us ever be grateful. No
other song, perhaps, has the absolute
perfection of mechanism of Sem
brich's. The phrase, who else builds
it with Quite the exquisite accuracy,
begins', rounds, colors, and ends it as
does Sembrich. The relation of the
musical sentences, the plan of the
whole, is just as exquisitely maintain
ed. Technically, singing can go no
further, and the scales, trills, turns,
arpeggi, are perfect, the attack like no
other in its absolute sureness. The vo
cal quality is purely luscious, but with
the fatigued strain as before said. Still
the experience has been profoundly de
lightful. One can only wish for her
speedy return — after her rest.
- Not cotton wool, but say roseleaves,
delicately odorous* and sumptuously
pink, vrere In the air. A low-voiced
m.-iid— os the Duchess says— met us at
the door. Yes, madame was at home
m:d expectiis us. She had just return
ed from driving. "Would we be seated
a moment? And would we
IJero Mine. t~oiribrich's maid be
came n personalltjr. It was comically
apparent that the artist and the scribe
crerelnbt wholly welcome' to this small
person. It was evident in the re
lurtaAt way in which she released tha
f*oi:- handle, In the little aggrieved
fashion in which she thrust forward
ouv chairs: in the amusing request that
• she now proceeded to make.
"Will you please be very careful not
to tire madamo?" she asked bravely.
Afraid but triumphant, the faithful
attendant then received our assurance
• that wo would do our least to tire
madame. and with a small sigh of sat
isfaction sho disappeared Into the
' inner room. Madame herself, I found,
: el. els. but obeys.
And here bejran the roseleaves — the
roseleaves, thick fallen showers of
them — beds, walls, roofs of them,
'that hold this precious, small creature
in their sheltering: midst. Her tem
porary casket was the St. Francis. Her
room, \\ ith its brocaded walls, fatly
cushioned chairs, rich carpets, picture
windows — opened not too wide — rare
flowers — not too many — was fittingly
.luxurious. Came then, while we wait
< d. - Mr. Edmunds, madame's manager,
;ilso tenderly anxious for the prima
donna's well being. It was in the air,
and we ourselves, by the time the
stately little figure appeared, felt in- ,
dined to whisper as at a royal au
dience.
Had I done as instinct suggested I
should have kissed the gracious little
.hand madame held out. I remembered
in time, however, that I was not at
court, but at the St. Francis, and
rixnply shook the small, be-diamonded
fist We asked then if Mme. Sem
bricb would be so good as to pose for
a photograph.
They were never very successful
.with her newspaper photographs,
madam smilingly demurred.
• But The Call was different.
Well, then. And the singer seated
herse!f at her writing desk against a
luxurious background of La France
- roses.
•'You must make me young—six
. teen." she laughingly commanded,
with the royal coquetry of a Princess,
"and slim and tall."
"You are slimmer than you were dur
ing th'? grand opera season, madame,"
I testified.
Madame did not spring up joyfully
here as Schumann-Heink would have
done, either to shake or caress one.
But she did look pleased, and confessed
•to walking six and seven hours a day
during her vacations as a preventive
measure.
"How do you wish me?" she asked
then.
"I like the profile, madame," I ven
"Profile is always better," she hu
morously decided, "one sees not so
much of the face." '
So, at first, she turned her expres
sive profile to the camera and I had
time to take my first good look at
Marcella Sembrich. Ah, there In the
firm chin and mouth, the broad, cap
able brow, was the story of that little,
half-starved Polish girl, who began to
earn her own living when she was
twelve years old by playing dance
music, and has since won her way to
the place of the greatest coloratura
singer of the day.
And the sadness of the long struggle
is there, in the sometime droop of the
;ips, in the drop of the heavy lids that
veil the merriment of the kind, golden
brown eyes, piquantly set not quite
ftraight under their wide brows.
But there is not a thread of gray in
madame's abundant nut-brown hair.
• hardly a wrinkle in her skin fair and
fine — so much for a long course of rose
leaves. And she wore her rich and
•simple white silk waist and gray skirt
with all the stateliness of a small queen
and with only perhaps a round five
fe^t two to impress. Jewels, and she
had man}', pearls at her throat, price
less rings on her hands, I have never
seen more finely, less aggressively
worn than by this one time child of
"Make her smile," the photographer
whispered to me then. The native
'melancholy of her expression had as
serted itself as soon as the face was
in repose.
"Madame," I said, "won't you please
think about what" a charming place
Fan Francisco is to sing in— I want you
to smile."
"Oh. and then you will photograph
the thought,"* madame laughed instant
ly, turning to me. It was then the
photographer "took" her.
: "I. have been to-day." she said,
rhaking off the stiffness of posing, "for
the first time in my life in an open
automobile. If my husband would
know " and she put up a playfully
threatening finger at her manager.
Mr. Edmunds seemed fully im
pressed with his responsibility, but
.irgued that the day was warm and
Mindless.
"And it was so beautiful out there
l>y the sea," madame sighed. "I did
not want to come home."
"She" — by no means forget the
capital, Mr. Printer — "got some very
pood photographs to-day," her grand
vizier ir.Jormed mo.
••you have.. a lovely city," madame
"Rut you think it is unlucky for
you, "I reproached her. .
There a're the child, woman, artist,
"queen, all in madame's expressive face,
: nd it was the child that now looked
..ut of her eyes a3 she said: "Is Jt per
haps not natural? I was ill when I
< ;tme here first and had to close my
reason. Then the first Grau season I
?:'-ard of my boy becoming III to death.
'.: Ms time my mother rind my hus
'•iir.d'e mother both are ill. Every day
; Imott they cable to us, and my hus
'. ;i::d had to leave me to go heme to
ihem. My mother is S3, and one fears
. t that age, you know. My mothvr-in
law, too," she rmiled here, "and she
Jikes me so much. We like each other.
IHE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 15, 1004.
"West and John W . Bratton, was pro
duced at the Majestic Theater, New
York last week, with great success.
• ? •
Miss Ethel Horalck. an Oakland
girl. .has replaced Elaie de Wolf in
"The Other Girl." Miss de Wolf
sailed for Paris last Saturday.
Mr. Kemper has arranged for the
American rights to the new play
written for Mme. Bernhardt by Jean
Richepin and Henri Cain.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19LON'DON, May 14.— A. Findlay. the
well-known producer of the Eldorado
potato', which has commanded such
sensational prices of late, has sold to
W. J. Atkinson fourteen pounds of po
tatoes of this variety for $10,000. The
potatoes were exhibited in the market
receptly, where they attracted a great
deaf of attention, these being the only
tubers of this variety now on the Lin
colnshire market.
Potatoes a Luxury.
NAPLES, May 14.— Professor NItt!,
the great statistician, has Just pub
lished a study on the financial condi
tions of Italy. ¦
The total possessions of the country
he calculates at $1,300,000,000, which
gives an average of $400 for each in
habitant, while in France the propor
tion is $1030, and in the United States
$1200. •
The largest Italian fortune Is no more
than $20,000,000.
Italy's Low Per Capita.
LONDON. May 14. — The coming sals
Is announced of Kent House, Knights
bridge, the residence of the late Lady
Ashburton. It Is one of the choicest
abodes in London and may be expect
ed to fetch a fancy price. It takes its
name from having been at one time oc
cupied by the Duke of Kent. Subse
quently It passed Into the hands of
Lord Morley'8 grandfather, when it
was the resort of the most agreeabla
society in London.
Kent House Is For Sale.
The St. Francis was gay on Wednes
day with bevies of pretty women— so
the men thereabouts declared,' and they
6ught to know— when ,- Mrs. William
Thomas was hostess at cards. -
"Cllffe Haven" was a pretty, sight
on Tuesday last, when- fifty dainty
maidens fluttered in to the ' tea given
In honor of Mrs. Charles Baker by Miss
Mabel Watkins of- Sausallto. . v -.'• '
The receiving party consisted of Mrs.
Baker, Mrs. Charles Foster, Mrs.
Frank Findley, Mrs. Dennis Searles,
Miss- Eleanor Warner,* Miss Edith
Cutter and Miss Florence Yates.
The army women at the hop were
rather generally smartly gowned.
Among the guests of the Twenty
eighth:
Captain and Mrs. Arthur j Kerwin,
Captain and Mrs. John Christian, Col
onel and Mrs. Morris, the Misses Mor
ris, Miss Maye Colburn. Miss » Mary
Mariner, Major . Stephenson, Miss
Torney and a number of others.
The hop of the Twenty-eighth In
fantry on Monday night was a > rare
success. There are some charming men
in the Twenty-eighth, and the town
girls have not been slow to recognize
the fact.
"What an army pet Miss Maye Col
burn has come to be! And Miss Ardella
Mills is likewise a rare favorite.
down to a wistaria-laden table:
Mrs. Lewis, Mrs. Connor, Mrs. Hall,
Mrs. Van" Slcklen, Mrs. Abbott. Mrs.
E. O. McCormack, Mrs. George Tyson,
Mrs. Victor Metcalf, Mrs. Shattuck.
Mrs. Swayne, Mrs. Halght, Mrs. James
Tyson, Mrs. Haslett. Mrs.. Spear, Mrs.
McCormick, Mrs./ Cluness Sr., Mrs.
Cluness Jr., Mrs. O'Kell.
What a. commotion was caused* by
Dr. . Harry Tevls' f withdrawal,, at the
last minute, from the party .of tourists
bound for the East and the Continent!
• That , was '¦ a ; cruel bio w, i as they all
• Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop— no, nor
any. of Mrs. Voorhels' daughters— could
be: other than a clever hostess. "Her
bridge party this week was a charming
affair, at which the following , were
guests: Miss ¦ Cooper, honored guest;
Mrs. Samuel Hort Boardman, Mrs.
Alexander D." Keyes, Mrs." Charles Per
kins, Mrs. Malcolm Henry, Mrs." Ferdi
nand Stephenson, Mrsl " Douglas Sloane
Watson, Mrs. Henry Foster^ Dutton,
Miss Ethel" Cooper, ' Miss Grace -Bald
win, Miss Susie Bixby, Miss Sara
Dunn, Miss Bessie Palmer and Miss
Anna Perkins of Ventura.
The reception-room was glad with a
profusion of red and white blossoms,
and a merry party It was that gathered
about to lure luck.
- Among the players, most of whom
proved skillful manipulators, were Mrs.
W. R. Smedberg, Mrs. J. Carolan, Mrs.
G. Boardman, Mrs. Horace Davis, Mrs.
Timothy Hopkins. Mrs. E. Preston,
Mrs. George Gibbs, Mrs. x F. Bates, Mrs.
F. .Wilson, Mrs. E. Dlmond, Miss Bea
ver, Mrs. Charles Deering, Mrs. E. B.
Cutler, Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mrs. -M. P.
Jones, Mrs. George Shreve, Mrs. Pel
ham Ames, Mrs. Worthlngton Ames,
Mrs. sA. Moore, Mra. M. Kellogg, Mrs.
JameskHollis, Mrs. L. McMullin, Mrs.
Harry Morton, Mrs. D. McPike, Mrs.
Thomas McGee Jr., Mrs. W.-Wayman,
Mrs. Ryland Wallace, Mrs.;j. Mclvor,
Mrs. W. P. Morgan, Miss Morgan, Mrs.
Gale, Mrs. G.Martin, Mrs. F. Kimble,
Mrs. W. Baker, Mrs.' F. P. McLennan
and Mrs. Thurlow McMullin.
Mrs. James A. Black's luncheon . In
the palm garden was a pretty affair, at
which the following 'ladies sat them
Clever, piquant and effervescent Jen
pie Blair is one. of the most charming
hostesses in the smart set. She pos
sesses brains— hers by endowment, no
doubt, but she makes use of them.
At Miss Blair's tea the following
guests were present: Miss Land, Mrs.
George Lent, MUs Jennie Hooker,
Mrs. Worthington Ames, Mrs. Sam
uel Knight, Mrs. Fred W. Tallant, Mrs.
Latham McMullln, Mrs. Henry Foster
Duttcn, Mrs. Hannah Gale and Mrs.
Welty, Miss Katherine Dillon. Miss
Grace Spreckels, Miss Lily Spreckels,
Mrs. Hodgson, Miss Patricia Cosgrave,
Miss Houghton, Mrs. Robert McCreary,
Mrs. Henry. D. Dodge, Miss Bessie Wil
son, Miss Bernlce Wilson, Miss Alice
Hager and Miss Ethel Hager.
Miss Eleanor Davenport, hostess at
luncheon. Miss Louise Cooper, honored
guest.
Mrs. George W. Scott of Alameda,
hostess at ¦ reception.
Miss Adele Martel, dinner In honor
of Mrs. William Willis.
Luncheon of the Corona Club.
Mrs. Squire Varick Mooney enter
tained the "Cap and Bells" Club at. her
new Broadway home.
Mrs. Josephine Morris de Greayer,
hostess at luncheon at University Club,
Miss May Damon, guest of honor.
Mrs. Henry Rosenfeld, hostess of
luncheon at' the St. Francis. : / '
Mrs. Albert W. Scott, "at home."
Miss Belle Harmes, hostess at
luncheon at Sausalito..
Dr. Harry Tevls, host at dinner.
THURSDAY.
The Cooper-Goodall wedding was
quite the event of the week, even if it
did happen in Oakland.
The beautiful home of the Goodalls
on Jackson street never .looked so
lovely, within and without.
The decorations in the hall and re
ception-rooms were prodigal, the
And the tabbies have even sung the
death knell of • James D. Phelan's
bachelorhood. .The heroine? Well,
there aren't many eligible women in
the smart set here that haven't fig
ured some time or other. In the vague
Imaginings of the paragrapher, as
the alluring siren that would entice
him out of his. roseate 'bachelorhood.
Well, the very latest. in the lists is
Mrs. Jack de Ruyter,.one of the stun
nlest women in her set; witty, hand
some and assiduously sought, after
since she became . a widow, . by the
grace of the courts at law, six months
ago. "" It/is whispered that the nup
tials wfll occur in Paris, where Mrs.
de Ruyter is" immensely popular' with
the "American colony.. But there are
those in the knowing set who shake
their heads, believing the clever cap
italist'an invulnerable bachelor.
"knew Just why be was going on to
New York— to meet Miss Bessie Ames,
of course"; then there were caretakers
of-other-people's business who suspect
ed strongly that the genial bachelor
was going on to plead his suit with
Lillie Lawlor, the versatile and charm-
Ing singer. .V* :
And here he isn't accommodating to
do either! However, that matrimonial
ghost will not down — perhaps the re
modeled home over in Tevisville Is the
primal cause. However, speculation" is
pleasant and harmless amusement. *
CHARMING YOUNG MATRON AND FORMER NEWPORT BELLE, WHO ARE LEADERS IN BURLINGAME SET
LONDON. May 14.— Ethel Bret Harte.
tho younger daughter of the distin
guished novelist, will devote herself to
the concert stage In London. Gifted
with a soprano voice of excellent range
and sympathetic quality. Miss Harte
brings to her work a stage experience
which adds the charm of ease of bear
ing.
Miss Harte nerved her stage appren
ticeship as a member of D'Oyly Carte's
and George Edwardes' companies. A
great future Is predicted for her.
Ethel Bret Harte to Sins.
PARIS, May 14.— An Englishman who
thinks he has been Imposed on" by a
theatrical agency complains that he
had to pay $4 for two 80-cent seats
which could have been booked for $1
each at the box office of the theater.
When he protested to the agency be
was told that Parisians did not live
on air and that it had that day sold a
54 seat for $30. He Judges that the
public can be made to pay for theatri
cal entertainment, but if theatrical
agencies want more than 100 per cent
profit. Americans visiting Paris should
beware of dealing with them.
Ticket Scalpers In Paris.
Mrs. Earl Newman Percy, recep
tion.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Abbott •Whit
more, post-nuptial reception.
Wedding of MIhs Ella R. Goodall and
Dr. Charles Minor Cooper in Oak
land.
Mrs. Susie Bixby, hostess at bridge
party. Miss Louise Cooper guest "of
honor.
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Sutro, dinner. . ,.
WEDNESDAY.
Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop, , bridge,
la honor of Miss Louise Cooper of Santa
Darbara.
Luncheon of the California Whict
Club in Sausallto.
Mrs. Mayo Newhall, luncheon. *
Mrs. William Thomas, bridge party
at the St. Francis.
Luncheon of Ebell Club in Oakland.
Miss Mabel Watkins,-_ hostess at a
tea at Cllffe Haven, In honor of Mrs.
Charles Baker, wife of Captain Baker,
U. S. A. . ' « v
Miss Beatrice Van den Burgh enter
tained the East Oakland Five Hundred
oub. >r;r
Mrs. Edward Engs, * hostess at card
rarty in Piedmont. .
TUESDAY. •¦>.'.-
Mrs. James A. Black, hostess at
luncheon in the palm garden of the Pal
ace. "«»..-
Miss Jennie Blair, hostess at a card
party and a tea In honor of Miss Char
lotte Land of Syracuse, N. Y. r ;j
Hop at the Presidio, the officers of
the Twenty-eighth Infantry entertain
ing.
Miss Amy Corder, hostess at luncheon
in honor of Mrs. Henry W. Hastings,
formerly Miss Helen Weldershelm.
Mrs. James Tyson entertained at
dinner at her AJameda home.
MONDAY.
The week has been fairly awake so
cially, but It's bridge, bridge, bridge,
one hears on every side. The following
are the leading events of the week:
But alas! for the stranger who alights
from a "tram" there and innocently
looks about for a Jehu or a Jacques.
(That's the chauffeur!) Unless the
loiterer possess pedestrian virtues, or
is willing to figure as excess baggage
In an express cart, he had better go
on to San Mateo and obtain a rig
there. But the smartness, the beauty
and the pastoral pleasures of Burlin
game and its gay, devoted set, are well
worth the trouble. Smart equipages,
'equine and gasoline, are met upon the
roadways, among them Mrs. Walter
Martin's. Mrs. Frank Carolan's, Mrs.
Peter Martin's, Walter Hobart's, -all
gayly gowned, and scores of others.
Then, there are the cottages— not - in
rarer taste are the country seats in old
England, simply planned, with ivy
erown walls, and lawns and roses, with
polo fields and golf links and tennis
courts lying beyond, and In ltis midst a
fine country clubhouse, an elemental
factor In a smart suburban center —
'else how could the men stay on and
on and on. to press a suit involving a
pretty maid and millions! Ah, these
country clubs are fine arenas for love
lists. Many a tale of love has been
unburdened unto willing ears under the
broad verandas of that clubhouse— the
latest the affair of handsome Paul
Clagstone of Idaho (It's with an awful
wrench that we learn that he is not a
Californian, but it's safe to say he will
' be) and his bonny bride. Miss Cora
Kirk.
Apropos to the wedding of the paif,
no prettier sight could have been con
jured than the whole affair — the ro
mance, the ceremony, gowns, pretty
women, handsome men and such a gay
mobilization of turnouts.
Such luscious fields of quivering
wild oats, splotched with the poppy's
gold and the lupine's blue! Such oaks
•with hoary beards, shading the coy
nemophila! Small wonder that the
Hobait eye looked lovingly upon the
emooth. broad countryside, so like the
Kladeg of England, and settled there his
fine menage. Small wonder, too, that
others followed close upon the heels of
the early-comers, and new homes grew
irp from the meadow lands. Fine roads
soon beribboned the country-side, and
behold it now — the home place of the
town -bored smart set.
For sane, outdoor pleasures, Bemi
rational living and beautiful country"
homes Burlingame has no suburban
superior.
In Chicago M. Ghio found that most
of the anarchists were Slavs and gave
the doctrine the dignity of religious
belief most adapted to their - mystio
nature.
He says American anarchists now
confine their work to v , passive resist
ance against the governing powers
without violence of any kind. In hl3
opinion the poetical productions of
Walt Whitman have greatly contrib
uted to make the anarchical Idea a
peaceful one in America.
Of Paterson he says that, although
the center of violent anarchism. It has
of late become more quiet. Anarchy
even there Is losing its tragical charac
teristics and making of the New Jersey
town only a center of discussion for
dissatisfied workmen.
PARIS. May 14.— Paul Ghlo. th© noted
sociologist, has Just published a book
entitled "A Journey Through the Land
of Anarchism," in which he gives the
result of his studies in th© United
States and his impressions of New
York, Patereon, N. J.. and Chicago as
the most prominent seats of anarchism.
He says the principal complaint of
anarchists against state authority in
America is the result of the absorption
of the individual liberty of citizens by
the monopoly of political power In the
•hands of a few individuals. The ex
istence of trusts with the consequent
increased cost of living is given as one
of the principal grievances of the an
archists against social conditions in
the United States.
French Sociologist Publishes Views
Resulting From a Study of Amer
ican Conditions.
"BOSS" RULE BliAMED
AS CAUSE OF ANARCHY
The Livingston Jenkses of San Fran
cisco will spend the summer In San
Rafael. They have been fortunate
enough to secure the Menzie3 place,
The Frank Johnsons are amonc the
early arrivals in San 'Rafael. They
have returned to their charming home
on* the hill, overlooking the Hotel
Rafael.
That Is a most interesting engage
ment of Miss Rebekah Dlxon to Ar
thur Chambers. Mr. Chambers is a
member of the British diplomatic
corps. .What a number of romances
have had their beginning in gay little
Sausallto, which seems to have an at
traction for athletic young British
ers!
To think that the' old Davis place of
Ross is no longer the Davis place!
The exciting contest Is ended and the
Zinkands ere In poss'ession. It seems
that Mr. Zlnkand coveted the place
and " to seal the bargain he deposited
a fair sum of money. Then he
changed his mind. But the Davis
heirs would none of that. They held
him to his contract and the court up
held the heirs. Consequently the
Charles Zlnkand family has arrived at
Ross. *.*':¦¦'¦'»
One of the most striking figures In
San Rafael this spring is Mrs. A. W.
Blaskower in her stunning trap.
One of most enthusiastic women
players on the San Rafael golf links
is Mrs. Laura Roe of Ross. Mrs. Roe
•to not an old resident of the valley,
but she has made hosts of friends.
• •;/•
The Fred Beavers of San Francisco
are at the Hotel Rafael.
Mrs. Ernest Cox has returned to
San Rafael after an absence of almost
a year. Mrs. Cox spent several months
In Salt Lake City with her son. Harry
Miller of the Wells-Fargo Bank. On
her return to California she took
apartments at the Colonial in San
Francisco. Now that she has return
ed to San Rafael the Cox mansion will
probably resume Its old time air of
hospitality, for Mrs. Cox Is famed as
a hostess.
The Hobbs-Percy reception was one
of the leading affairs of the week's end.
The occasion was the housewarming of
Mrs. Hobbs* new home and that of her
daughter. Mrs. Earl Newman Percy,
both admirably adapted to entertain
ing, a canvas canopy connecting the
two homes. Mrs. Percy entertained for
the first time as a matron, and troops
of friends called to pay their compli
ments to the pretty bride.
• • •
The Corona Club breakfast was a
smart affair. Some neat toasts were
heard and some timely ones. A pity
ttie men don't hear some of these club
scintillations. Mrs. Dennlson is always
clever, possessing a rare tact as a pre
siding officer.
The Whitmore reception was a large
affair, 300 invitations having been is
sued. The following ladies assisted in
receiving: Mrs. Wayte. Mrs. Homer
Bouchey, Mrs. David Hirschberg. Miss
Laura Kimberly, Miss Zelma Hirsch
berg. Miss Edna Loggie and Miss
Eleanor Geissler.
• • •
Mrs. Levin Jones, daughter of Cap
tain and Mrs. Munger, has gone to
Honolulu to join her husband. Lieuten
ant Levin Jones of the Thetis. It is
supposed that ,the ship will be ordered
to Manila, where Lieutenant and Mrs.
Jones will be charming acquisitions to
the clever American coterie now sta
tioned there.
Therefore were there no "regrets"
nor "sudden illnesses" at Miss Martel's
dinner, at which twenty-four were en
tertained.
The dinner on Thursday, at which
Miss Adele Martel was hostess, was a
delightful affair, a tribute to the guest
of honor, Mrs. William Willis.
Good stories? Good fellowship?
At the Martel home good fellowship
and hospitality dwell by the hearth
stone and all who enter feel It and
share It. ' >
rooms resembling a hawthorn hedge
Inclosing a field of sweet peas.
The bride was very charming In her
robe of crepe de- chine over Ivory sat
in, with her veil falling full about her.
Her attendant, Mrs. William Skene of
Portland, was very attractive In a
pink frock, with a pink picture hat.
* The Coopers, will make their homo
on Jackson street on their return from
their post-nuptial trip. . -j
one of those big. delightful, roomy
houses, surrounded by old oaks and
orange and lemon trees. The Jenkse3
certainly have a delightful summer la
store for them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, SUNDAY, MAY 15, 1004.
BURLINGAME A SMART SET
CENTER.
20PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, 1 MAY 15, 1904— PAGES 21 TO 34
VOLUME XCV— NO. 167.
XORWAT,-lIich.,May 14. — The Lo
retto mine shut down to-day, throw
ing .about 200 men out of employment.
Other mines are closing: and miners
are leaving for Europe on account ol
general depression on the ranfe.
Idle Miners Go to Europe-
United ' States Squadron Sails.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, May 14.—
The United 'States squadron 'sailed to
day for the Canary Islands,, the
Brooklyn land Castine for Teneriffe
and; the '<¦ Atlanta 'and Marietta, for Las
Palmas.7. . ''¦¦-¦ . - - .
VIENNA, May .14.—It is noted that
among' the demands of the. Austro-
Huhgarian naval and military author
ities in the next budget will be
58,500,000 for the construction ¦„• of < a
fleet 'of torpedo-boats, $2,500,000 for
submarine boats and $12,500,000 for
new. field guns. . ''\y.^Z-
Austrians Want Big Navy.
Gold Shipment Over Ten Millions.
NEW YORK, May 14. —An enga»e
ment of $2,500,000 of gold at the as
say office for shipment to Paris on
Tuesday's steamer'was announced t*»
day. but the name of the shipper mi
withheld. This brings the total th«l
far announced for Tuesday up to I Iff,
500,000. of which $3,500,000 is by
shippers whose names are refused. In
cluding this total of J10,600.t)00 for
next Tuesday, the aggregate amount
of gold shipped to Europe from this
port since April 7 is in excess of $30,«
000,000.
"War" News Continued on Page 22.
Continucd on Pase 24, Column 1.
" "A" Japanese "detachment of about
1000*7 infantry '^and two squadrons of
caVniry advanced May 12 toward Po
landien, where it did Blight damage
to therailway^line. . A train from Dal
ny...bearing .families of employes, was
obliged to returivthere. The Japanese
withdrew^ In the evening. . The Wafari
dian station- was closed about "mid
night May 11 During the night of
May IS -Polandien was illuminated by
the search lights of the Japanese ships
in Adams _ Bay.. On May 13 detach
ments of' Japanese troops were ob
served In the neighborhood of Polan-,
dien, about : seven and one-half miles
east of-Siuyen.
. "Chinese bands • are • aggressive ' on
the* main road between Fengwang
cheng and . Saimaitsi. A • strong band
of Chinese \ brigands has been sighted
near the station at^Yantal.' 1
: Major General. v'Pflug, telegraphing
under date of May 13, says: "The
Japanese •' have* - evacuated Kwantlen-
ST. PETERSBURG. May 14.— Th«
general staff has received a dispatch
dated May c . 13 f rom . Major General
Karevitch, as follows:
by Detachments Near Polandien.
General Karevitcli Reports Operations
JAPANESE CAUSE DAMAGE.
,;NEW : YORK, May 14.— Starting, on
a baseball diamond two years ago, the
second ch'apter'of a romance was mads
known " to-day ' by Abram Nelson .. of
Newmarket, /who announced the en
gagement of 'his niece, Miss Mabel Lef
ler, one of r the Fair* heirs, to George
Whitney, . this city.
Miss Lefler was a favorite niece of
Mrs. "Charles L. Fair, who has sup
ported her since she was six -years of
age. Under the terms of settlement
made between the Fairs • and Nelsons,
Miss I Lefler will receive $200,000. ;
Young. Whitney is a well known ama
teur baseball pitcher. He is employed
by a local machine shop as draftsman.
Attachment Formed at 'a
•Baseball Park Ends > in
Betrothal of Miss Lefler
FAIR HEIRESS
IN A ROMANCE
TOKIO. May 14.— It is reported
from Sasebo that early in May Ad
miral Kamlmura attacked Vladivos
tok.' Two torpedo-boats .Issued from
the harbor, but retired before the
Japanese quick-firing guns. The tor
pedo-boats-had come out under. cover
of the fog. When the fog cleared
away the fleet bombarded the forts,
which replied without effectl It is re
ported that. the Russian fleet is still
in Vladivostok harbor.
According" to a telegram to the Local
Anzeiger the railway between Klnchow.
and Polandien. together with the
bridges," has been destroyed for more
than three miles. . . •
ing, large purchases for military pur
poses!
BERLIN,. May 14.— According to the
Frankfurter .Zeltung. the ordinary ser
vice ; of, the volunteer Black Sea-' fleet
has been completely surpassed and the
ships are now taking' on large quanti
ties: of coal at (Odessa and Nicolaieff.
A telegram from Hamburg announces
that the steamer Kaiser Friedrich I,
which -.wag refused by. the North Ger
man. ; Lloyd, •¦': got .up steam yesterday
and left for Russia. , Vs '¦ .':; '- '_ ¦'*
.'Russian: horse dealers are visiting the
horse fair3 all around Berlin and mak-
It is reported that 5000 Cossacks now
in the northeast of Korea expect to
keep the peninsula in a state of tur
moil that will. hinder Japan's policy, of
civil assimilation. . . . «;
TOKIO, May. 14.— It is reported, that
General Kuropatkln has begun to re
move his. impedimenta from , Liaoyang,
fearing his retreat may be cut off. Gen
oral Kuroki's advance guard is in the
neighborhood of Mukden. It is doubt
ful whether Kuropatkin will attempt
to hold Mukden. It is believed he in
tends to retire to Harbin- and- even far
ther,' if pursued. The Russian general
is .credited with a purpose of avoiding
fighting until spring.
Kuroki hopes, if Kuropatkin should
attempt >a general retirement, to
ture a large proportion of the supplies
and stores -accumulated- at Liaoyang.
Port Arthur may not be stormed at
once.*^ Attempts will undoubtedly be
niade to lure. General Stbessel out of his
fortifications: ; , "
ST. PETERSBURG, May 14.—Trust
worthy advices from the front last
night suggest that General Kuropat
kin will, decline to ' stake the fate of
his main army on a determined en
gagement at Liaoyang. He' has made
dispositions and collected supplies for
such an engagement, but the troops
of the Mikado are assembling in such
numbers as to lead, the Russian gen
eral to doubt the feasibility of success
ful resistance. " -' r
cien and a column of the enemy about
a division strong is marching on Siun.
According to information there, con
siderable forces . of the enemy are
north of Takushan. The Koreans are
destroying the telegraph lines between
Kengtschen and Sentchin. According
to information from the frontier guards
and missionaries at Topatesatse, twen
ty-five miles southwest of Muptchentzi.
a. Chinese rising against Russians and
Christians is being prepared.'*
In an official dispatch from Mukden
under date of May 14, Major General
Pflug reports that exhaustive inquir
ies regarding the allegation that the
Japanese fired on a Red Cross train
bound from Port Arthur May 6 proved
that the Red Cross flag was flying on
the train as it left Tainju and that not
a shot was flred from the train, # which
was carrying only Russians, 1 who. were
111." The Japanese, the general says.
opened tore spontaneouaely and only
ceased , when the' train was beyond
range.
Commander of Czar's Forces Hurries Northward to Avoid
Conflict With the Japanese Soldiery.
JAPANESE "WOMEN* AT NAGASAKI ENGAGED IN THE ARDUOUS WORK OF COALING A WARSHIP. THE WOMEN ARE
SOWELL SKILLED IN THE LABOR THAT THEY CAN STOW ONE THOUSAND TONS ON BOARD IN LESS THAN
FIVE HOURS. - : - - • . - » , •
Almost every county, from northern
to southern border, has contributed
and all the material is used to ad
var£age. The Immense walnut ele
phant sent by Los Angeles and the
model of the State Capitol done in al
-inonds, one of the contributions of
Sacramento, are attractive and novel
features.
At another side of California is
Kansas. One of the prettiest things
exhibited by her ii a tall 'jar of queen
The Palace of Horticulture is built
«• to conform to the contour of the
ground and. this makes a rise in the
northwest corner, with a gentle slope
• in every other direction. In this high
- corner is the display of the Golden
• State. As nearly all the other exhib
its are without facades, the displays
being made simply on tables with low
railing* about them, the gorgeous
show made by California attracts the
from most any part of the interior
" of the building. - . .
CMttlng up through this great
prairie of apples to the etands and
pyramids of luscious fruit3 that rise in
their rich profusion In the California
space is like bursting from the wilder
ness into the glow of the promised
• land. No one need read the name
"California" in yellow oranges on the
facade to know that State's exhibit.
She stands divinely by herself.
¦*" At one side of California, is Louis
iana, queen State of the South. With
all her warmth and all her fertility
shfr cannot vie with this younger
claimant for the world's homage.
! CALIFORNIA'S FINE SHOW.
ST. LOUIS, .May 14. — It seems as if
. the Palace 'of Horticulture at • the
• Louisiana Purchase ExpoFilion had
¦been constructed and the exhibits
." therein arranged with a view cspecial
- ly toward the setting: of California's
display in that building. To say that
California has the best of all these dis
plays is telling the truth. To say that
• the best of all the other exhibits com
bined would not equal hers is the
¦truth. Xo straining of facts, no ex
aggeration is needed to" put California
far above her sister Suites In the
comparison. They all do their best,
but they are a!! forced to acknowledge
that California has a superiority that
places her far beyond them in horti
cultural products— in a class by her
self—on a pedestal that reaches high.
Only in apples is she beaten by any
'other State, and even of these, she
' shows samples good enough to tempt
' an Adain without the aid of the' lady
• and the enakf.
The scheme of this syndicate is some
thin? akin to that of building and loan
associations. In the latter you acquire
a house, in the former a farm. The syn
dicate issues five-year. bonds calling for
A SYNDICATE PROJECT.
The first fruit has been plucked
from California's tree of enterprise.
As 'a result of her exhibit here two
of St. Louis* wealthiest business men,
a banker and a merchant, are now on
their way to the Golden State in the
interest of a syndicate formed for the
purpose of developing land for settlers.
This syndicate wants tracts of the land
on which grows the fruit and other
products shown here, especially' tokay
grapes. It intends buying a small
piece first — small for a syndicate — and
experimenting with this. -The .agents
are instructed to secure 640 acres.
The confident . Californians " say there
will be no doubt of the result of the
experiment.
Judge Wills and Dr. Green of the
Sacramento Development Association
achieved this first important result.
They were introduced to a' member of
the syndicate among "the many other
men of weatlh and enterprise they are
making a business of ; meeting- here
and he Bald: "You are the very men
we want to see; we want to get posted
on California land." The Sacramento
representatives showed him Califor
nia's fruits, vegetables and . cereals
and the tokay. grape exhibit and the
story of the profits derived from that
grape impressed him the most. j» So
the first experiment made by the
syndicate will be with tokay grapes
and some day the rich city of St. Louis
will have brought directly to it in a
manner that will leave no doubt In any
mind the whole wonderful story of
th» tokay in California.
"Go and see that wonderful fruit
show made by, California," is becom
ing a common piece 'of advice.
DISPLAY BEARS RESULTS.
Noticing some processed lemons, the
Californian asked if they were raised
in Kansas..
"Oh,, yes — in" hothouses," was the
reply. \
There was only one jar of them,* ,
Green olives and gxeen fruits on the
branch form . an attractive feature of
California's display. The foliage "shows
brightly through the. polished jars and
makes a pleasing sight.
"Do you grow these in Kansas?"
"No," was the reply; "We only put
them there to dress up the display."
. They were probably grown in Cali
fornia. - .— -I...
oiives. A Californian seeing these
asked in surprise of the custodian:
There are some beautiful flower
paintings by Longpre and a reproduc
tion of California gems by Walter.
Following' is the list: r
L. P. Latimer,~San Francisco, "Old
Time -Trail"; H. W. Seawell, ' San
Francisco, "Lonely Fireside"; Laura
Prather, San Francisco, portraits of
General Shafter and Mrs. Henry East
Miller; Marion Holden : Pope,: San
Francisco, "Latine Sails" and "St.
Giorgio, Venice"; J. Ben I. Francisco.
Los Angeles, "San Jaclnto Mountain,"
"Sunset at Matilija"~and "Solitaire";
Granville- Redmand, "California Live
Oak"; Benjamin C' Brown, "On Edge
of j the Canyon • Colorado" ' and "La
guna, a California Beach"; Leonard
Lester, Pasadena, VSnow^ Clad- Hills";
John W. Nich'oll, 'Pasadena," marine
view; R. Lie Barre Goodwin, Los An-
The art exhibit? _iny the California
building will bejattractive to Visitors.
Two of the oddest creations in the lot
of pictures are "The Close of Day"
and "Winter in California," by Piaz
zoni of San Francisco. They are of that
class of work that keeps the ordinary
observer in a, quandary as to. whether
it is proper to say "daubs" or go into
raptures. Both are immense canvases.
In one a towering precipice in deepest
black, the Yosemite Falls, is surmount
ed by a rift of daylight^ It looks as if
the black had been put^on with a tar
pot. In the other a dun sky hangs
over a dun. land, and no tree nor ani
mal breaks the dreary vista of plain
and rain. They are such works as make
a critic who rejects tremble lest one
who comes after may declare a Gray's
elegy in oil has been reviled. •
five, ten or twenty acres or more, and
when they mature the owner gets his
land,^ already cultivated and producing
crops'. The buyer of the bonds does not
live on. the land until he acquires it,
but the syndicate plants it and keeps
up the Improvements.
The representatives sent on will go
as . far north, as • Chico, and will also
take a look at San Joaquin. It is likely
they will secure land near Florin, in
Sacramento County.
The California building "will not be
opened to-morrow, as that happens to
be Sunday.. and the fair does not do
business on that day, but from the 16th
on there will be open house' at the pret
ty,little. mission'structure. It has been
decided that September 9 shall be Cali
fornia day. Many Native Sons and the
main' body of California visitors will be
here then. It is -hoped that Governor
Pardee and other State officials will be
on hand for the event., •
CALIFORNIA ART.
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
Overshadows All Other Industrial Exhibits and the Cam
paign Is Already Bearing Results.
V1LTV OK A POHTICN OF THR CALIFORNIA' HORTICULTURAL DISPLAY AT THE ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION. THE ELEPHANT
SHOTV.v m THE PICTURE' IS MADE UF WALNUT SHELLS. AND IS BUT ONE cj x *-KATUriES IN THE
EXHIBIT. . --...:.:-, . . : .\* - ¦ ¦¦ ' '¦ - - I ,
"Coloring matters -that are injurious
will give place to others which do not
interfere with digestion. A substance
for coloring has been found, which
so acts as a" preservative when in the
light but loses its powers. In the dark.
This quality. is an advantage for the
reason that when food passes into the
stomach there is no interference with
digestion as in the case. with many
preservatives now in use."
The hearings will be continued be
fore the committee on Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday. The committee .was
appointed by. the Secretary of Agricul
ture'under a special act of Congress,
and is composed of the following chem
ists and experts: Dr. H. W. Wiley,
chief chemist,' United States Depart
ment of Agriculture; Dr. H. A. Weber,
professor of chemistry, Ohio State Uni
versity, Dr. B. H. Julius, director of
the Connecticut Experiment Station;
Dr. W. Frear, chemist of the Agricul
tural College of. Pennsylvania, and Dr.
M. A. Scoville, director of the Kentucky
Experiment Station.
Before the United States special com
mittee of experts, sittlngat the Hotel
Wolcott to\determino:, standards for
food,, appeared JDr. ; H:£Liebler, an an
alytic chemist, %ho' ; asserted that most
forms 'of preservatives how in use' will,
within- a few "years;.: b'f 'abandoned, i ;
"In place of ... deleterious substances
being mixed' with' food prqdu'cts,";said
Dr.' Liebler,*' "cans, and' bottles will -be
used which have "been washed with*
"water impregnated with radio-activity.
Recent discoveries have ; been made,
which "will revolutionize the present
methods of preserving fruits and other
varieties Of food.
NEW YORK, May 14.— To the many
marvels attributed to radium a "new
field pf usefulness was ' added' yester
day? when the' claim was made that
radio-active water will shortly super
sede harmful chemicals as a food pre
servative.
Special Ditpatch to The Call,
Recent Discoveries Expected to Revo
lutionize \te Character of Col- ¦
oring Materials. .
Perilous ;Supstance^Not to
Be Usefl in Cans.aM
Bottles.
Chemist Declares 'It
Will Be a Food :
Preservative,'
RADIUM'S
MARVELS
INCREASE
FRUIT DISPLAY OF CALIFORNIA
IS THE GEM OF THE EXPOSITION
GENERAL KUROPATKIN HAS FEARS
HIS RETREAT MAY BE CUT OFF
SHANHAIKWAN, May 14 '(9:30 p. m.).— A report of a severe engagement in the hills around Hsiuyen last Thursday has been received here. It .lacks verification, but according to it the Russians lost 1500 men in killed
and ivounded, and the Japanese occupied the town of Hsiuyen. The Japanese loss is not given. .¦_¦. . //.,.;..., . • . .....
It is impossibleto obtain confirmation hereof the reported fighting, but a battle there is not unlikely, as this place is in the^path of the advance of the First Japanese Army Corps. Haicheng is the apparent objective of this
corps. Hsiuyen is situated in the midst of rugged hills, where a small force coulcl resist the eiiemy with telliivg effect before being compelled ultimately to retreat.
:/ ' LONDON, May 14.— A telegram from Paris says a rumor is current there that Port Arthur has' fallen and; that 10.000 men were killed; during the engagement. Nothing confirmatory in obtainable in Londoj. The rumor is
• probably false. Neither St Petersburg nor Tokio has had any intimation of the beginning of an attack on Port Arthur. „¦••. ' , ¦ , .
RUMORS OF BATTLE AND RUSSIAN DEFEAT
Alcarar— TUb Two »<aiodi*." -
Calif orni*— "Ouz *** JSiaiator."
Central — "TH* Tlur^ \ «*«*•
keteem." ' : \*" '¦- -v-..'.
CJnttoa— -VandtrUle. * ,-.--«¦>:
Columbia-— "aojori Brotian J Is
Iioalon." '^ ¦*:'•*.
Grand — "lttapre«» Tlisodora." >
OzplMmn — TTaua«vill». , .Xatta**
• T»-X>ay. ' ¦ >ss *---*'
X*ca*nlcs' Pavilion — Industrial
Exposition.
TItoU— "A Soaaway QtxV
- -¦-,--- >'-. ' **¦ • ; |
¦ ¦ TEE vnSMXXMSM.^ '
Taftmwt mi&VZirB** Tnm
ci«co for thirty bows eadia*
miialtfit, JtUr Wl
Sui Praadseo *ad vicinity—-
Talr Stmd»y; IKbt ¦ovthttrXy
wteAs la tb» macBfnrs brisk
weit«1y wtaOs la tb« «ft«nMNB.
A. O. KtcABUI,
rorecatt OfldaL
The San Francisco Call.BERLIN, - May -14.— It U stated that . !the
Obvernment has Just decided to increase ¦ thfc
forces In German Southwest Africa to C000
men. .
"Johnnie," asked a gentleman of a
little kindergarten pupil, "do -^you
know how to make a Maltese cross?"
; "Yes," sir, i: sho r do."
'.'Well,. tell me how you do: it"
"You ' just step oh ¦ her tall." — Lip
pincott's Magazine,
SANTA ROSA. May 14.— -Dennis
Griffith of Sebastopol, night engineer
at the Blunden Ice plant, had his
hands, right forearm~arid face -badly
burned this morning by blazing oil.
He was adjusting a stopcock on the
oil burner when it broke and allowed
the oil to catch flre. Before he could
get away from the spot the flames
had burned him severely.
Burned by Blazing Oil.
ANTUNG, May 8, via Seoul, May 14.
—Chinese coming through the lines re
port that-the Russians have retired
from Kaollman to the west of Feng
wangcheng, but their reports have not
1>een confirmed. Slight skirmishes be
tween Russians and' -Japanese out
posts , are occurring daily. The land
ing of the Second Army and the cut
ting of -the railroad above Port Ar
thur have been received with great sat
isfaction at Japanese headquarters.
The captures made by the 'Japanese
during recent days include 3000 rounds
of artillery ammunition, 300,000 rounds
of rifle ammunition, 2600 rifles and more
than 100 ammunition supply carts. ;
Valuable Captures Made by the Jap
anese In a Few Days.
SKIRMISHES, ARE FREQUENT.
The cruiser New Orleans is at Chefu
in accordance with a recent order for
warded from Washington to Rear Ad
miral Cooper, commander in chief of
the Asiatic squadron. Owing to the
danger threatening Newchwang from
hordes of bandits who were awaiting
the departure of the Russians to begin
depredations, it was deemed advisable
to protect American and other foreign
interests there until the Japanese ar
rived. A cruiser and gunboat were ac
cordingly ordered to- Chefu to hold
themselves in readiness for service at
Newchwang, the gunboat to be util
ized in shallow waters.
In the 229 trade unions in England,
with a membership of 561,226. 36,767,
or 6.6 per cent, were reported unem
ployed at the end of January, as com
pered with 6.7 per cent in December
and 6.1 per cent in January, 1903.
BERLIN, May 14.— Nothing is known
at the Foreign Office regarding the re
port telegraphed from Berlin that there
is a strong probability of peace through
the war party urging the Czar to end
the trouble. -It is pointed out in seri
ous political circles, knowing the view
of the Foreign Office, that the time is
not yet ripe for peace efforts. ,The Ger
man Government is aware that strong
currents in France and Great Britain
are working for peace and that even
political Influences in Russia itself are
moving in the same direction. It Is
admitted here that these efforts would
be materially strengthened If the Rus
sians succeed in checking the Japanese
advance at Mukden.
Strong Influences Are Urging an End
of the War.
TALKING OF PEACE.
CHEFU. May 15, noon.— The United
States cruiser New Orleans, with Rear
Admiral Stirling on board, arrived to
day from Shanghai. Her orders were
simply to come to Chefu. Rear Admi
ral Stirling said that the reason for his
coming and his future movements are
unknown to, him. In view of the pre
vious order that no ships should come
north of Shanghai, the movement of
the New Orleans is considered signifi
cant here. One interpretation of the
arrival of the cruiser is that the United
States 'will Insist upon the neutrality
of Newchwang when the Russians
evacuate that place. The New Orleans
is too large to ascend the Liao River.
to Scene of Conflict.
New Orleans Arrives at Chcfu, Close
AMERICAN CRUISER NEAR.
. WICHITA, Kans., May 14. — Con
gressman Murdock to-day received a
letter from Elwood Mead, chief of the
Irrigation investigation bureau, Wash
ington, stating that he and two ex
perts would spend the summer in
Western Kansas. They will Investi
gate plans for irrigating that part of
th»- State. It is the first work that
has been done by the Government
looking to the relief of Western Kan
sas.
Irrigation for Western Kansas.
Colifomians in New York.
NEW YORK, May 14.— The following
Callfornians have arrived at the hotels:
From San Francisco— W. E. Balum,
at the Imperial; T. B. Berry, at the
Earlington; Mrs. M. Fonkhouser, Mrs.
Siminoff and Mrs. J. Sobosloy, at the
Broadway Central; F. Aurys, at the
Herald Square; A. H. G. Cooper, at the
Imperial; J. GarMty, and wife, at the
Victoria; W. H. Parsons and R. S. Her
man, at the Imperial; R. L. Knapp and
wife, at the Vendome; H. Mordamer,
at the Cadillac;. R. H. Sherman, at the
Herald Square.
Los Angeles— J. T. Pollock, at the
Broadway Central.
COLOGNE, Prussia, May 14. — The German
steel- combination has reduced the expoit
bounty from 15 marks to 10 marks per ton.
TOKIO, May 14, 3 p. m.. — A corres
pondent of the Komumin Shimbun of
Tokio who was with General Kuroki
has made the charge that the Russians
mutilated Japanese dead at the Yalu
River.
He says that when the detachment
of the Fourth Regiment of the Impe
rial Guards, which occupied Kasan, re
ceived the counter attack from the
Russians three Japanese soldiers fell
into the hands of enemy and were taken
prisoners. The mutilated corpse of one
of them, named Tatsujiro Watanabe,
was afterward found, according to the
correspondent, hanging to a tree on the
bank of the Yalu. "The dead i man's
face had been stripped of its skin,'*
continues the correspondent, "and his
feet had been cut. The mutilations were,
horrible. It is believed that the other
two men met the same fate, but that
when the corpses of the three were
rolled over the bank only that of Wat
anabe caught on a tree, the others fall
. Ing into the river."
The publication of these charges
has caused Intense indignation.
HEAVY PAYMENTS 3IADE.
NEW YORK, May 14.— The sub
treasury has paid to banks $2,191,000
Correspondent Tells of an
Awful Fate to One of
Kuroki's Men."
Charges Are Made That Eus
sians Mutilate Bodies of
Mikado's Soldiers.
PARIS, May 14.-^The Foreign Of
fice here is without additional details
of the widespread devastation wrought
by Turkish troops in the Sassoun dis
trict of Armenia. The French press
advices giving the number of killed as
100 on each side arc considered to be
far short of showing the magnitude
of the affair. The burned villages oc
cupied the most inaccessible portion
of the empire and officials here say it
probably will be Impossible to secure
details before a month has passed.
The scene of the affair is in a valley
surrounded by mountains. The natives
have been constantly agitating against
Turkey. The Sultan therefore wished
to exterminate this disorderly element,
but while not countenancing Armenian
agitation, the signatories of the Ber
lin treaty have strongly disapproved of
Turkey's methods in crushing agita
tion.
It is the belief in official circles that
the international Armenians will use
the new outrages as a lever to induce
the civilized powers to unite in deci
sive action against Turkey.
TURKS DESTROY
MANY VILLAGES
FOE'S ACTS
STIR THE
JAPANESE
."Fresh troops are arriving uninter
ruptedly. The Siberian soldiers have
a splendid appearance. They are great
ly superior to the troops from* the Cen
tral Russian provinces.
"Liaoyang is packed with supplies.
"The Russian commanders do not
believe the enemy will prove very en
ergetic. They think* the Japanese
move against Port Arthur was a ruse,
and that their chief attack is intend
ed to be made on Liaoyang."
"The feeling of confidence that
Llaotuhg is not impaired by the
temporary checks to the Russian army,
which, it is claimed, cannot. alter the
final outcome. 'Let Russia, it is added,
not give way to excitement, but look
forward cheerfully.
.well-protected line. There was no ne
cessity for us to go any farther. ~
"A telegram came from Port Arthur
expressing heartfelt gratitude.
"As we left and resumed our jour
ney to Liaoyang we could hear the
echoes of distant explosions caused; by
the blowing up of the piers, docks and
quays of Port Dalny.
"On our way north we sighted a de
tachment of Japanese cavalry.
"The enemy continued landing troops
at Hanchou, near Cape Terminal,
driving out the. Chinese. ¦:': ,
on telegraphic orders against a deposit
of Imported Japanese yen at the San
Francisco Mint. The total amount of
gold sent from San Francisco to New
York- since the first of the year is
$31,703,000.
RUSSIANS ARE PURSUED.
Japanese Occupy Kuanticncheng and
. Take Three Prisoners.
WASHINGTON. May 14.— The Jap
anese legation has received the follow
ing cablegram from Toklo, dated to
day:
"General Kurokl, commandant ef the
First Army Corps, reports that on May
7 a detachment of our troops occupied
Kuantiencheng. On May " 11 an
other infantry detachment pursued the
enemy's cavalry. , which was . retreat
ing from Shuehlichang, and . cap
tured two privates and one lieutenant.
The latter Is the son of General Hon
vall."* "->'-
RIVER STEAMERS SEARCHED.
Russians Keep Sharp Outlook for
Japanese Agents.
NIZHNEE, Novgorod, May 14. —
Steamers on the Volga are stopped
and searched before passing: the
bridges, on suspicion that Japanese
agents may be on board with the in
tention of blowing them up, which
would Impede the progress of trains
bound for Siberia.
Sentries on'the Syhran bridge recent
ly fired on two steamers for not stoj>->
ping when ordered to do so.
PARIS. May 14.— Durlnc the flnrt tear
months of the year French imports decreased
$10,676,000 and exports Increased (9.SCQ.60Q.
"The general thanked Colonel Spir
idorof and the other officers and men,
and the train proceeded thence over a
"The charred station-house was as
desolate .as the grave. - We overtook
the cavalry scouts and thereafter act
ed as our own outposts. We found
the bridges, one of which had b^en re
paired by Colonel Spiridorof on the
previous day, were still guarded by
our sentries, who reported that the
enemy had not appeared. The loco
motive steamed on quickly, without
encountering any sign of life, as far
as Sanshilipou. There the troops were
drawn up to meet us. We heard the
good news j that thirty-six men who
had been surrounded by the enemy
the previous day and who had been
vainly sought by the Kinchou garri
son, had succeeded in . breaking
through the enemy's lines unaided.
"After again starting we saw a de
tachment of cavalry in the midst of a
cloud of dust, near the seashore, and
stopped to see whether they were
friends or foes. Through field glasses
we recognized Russian uniforms. It
was a squadron sent by General Fock
to meet and escort. us. The soldiers
hurrahed and galloped forward with
Joyful faces.
"At Kinchou General Pock and his
staff came to offer their congratula
tions on the accomplishment of such
a dangerous and important mission.
" 'Now that you have fed Port Ar
thur In every sense we need have no
j anxiety. The enemy is everywhere,
| but they missed you/ said General
• Fock.
"I saw Chinese women and children
fleeing with, their families and valu
ables. We eagerly scanned the treach
erous nooks and gorges of the hills,
•where the enemy might be lurking. A
single successful shot from a hidden
battery might blow up the mammoth
train behind. There was no sign of
life at Polandien.
"Having reached the flaming vil
lage of Wafandian, I wished to pro
ceed thence to LJaoyangf and afterward
join General Zassulitch eastward.
With nightfall from the hills outlined
against the blaze of . flre, shots were
heard occasionally. The locomotives
showed no signs of starting. . Chinese
approached us. with complaints against
the Governor, who had executed eight
more of our friends. The Chinese
frightened, huddled around our camp
fire. The telegraph wires were work
ing all night with headquarters. At
daybreak a monster ammunition train,
drawn by several engines, arrived. It
was essential to take that train
through to Port Arthur, an exception
ally dangerous undertaking in view of
the reappearance of the enemy. Two
squadrons of "frontier guards were
sent out to reconnoiter the neighbor
hood. The cars were armored by a
double row of rails against v rifle flre
and had on board a company of Baikal
engineers.
"A locomotive was sent ahead to act
as a scout, in charge of Lieutenant
Zavadasky, who acted as engineer, and
Lieutenant von Roop, two armed
stokers and the correspondent of the
Associated Press. Our mission was to
signal the train, which was following
ten minutes behind, if .there was any
danger that it would attract the
enemy's atention, in which case the
train would have been blown up by
the Russians. Colonel Spiridorbf
(who, with a force of officers and men
of the Amur Railroad battalion, had
come over' the damaged line, repairing
it as he came) gaye the signal and we
moved off, with the engine swathed
in clouds of smoke from the burning
station of Wafandian.
"As we drew close on both sides were
verdure covered slopes, with blue hills
in the distance and occasional glimpses
of the emerald-^ea. Chinese villages
a«d miniature gardens alone relieved
the monotony of the" picturesque scene.
The typhoon had passed and there was
nothing to prevent the enemy's land
ing, Doubtless it was. proceeding not
far away.
LJAOYANG. May 14.— Nemlrovich
Danchenko, the Russian war corre
spondent, concludes his personal nar
rative of his escape from Port Arthur,
the first part of which was cabled yes
terday as follows:
Hazardous Undertaking to
Carry Supplies for Belief
of the Garrison.
Correspondent Describes an
Eventful Journey on Loco
• motive to Port Arthur. ,
RUSSIANS'
BOLD TRIP
BY TRAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 15, 1904.
22
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
' ADVEBTISKMTNTS.
"77*
CURES SPRING
Spring maladies cured by Hum-
phreys' Homeopathic Specifics:
Rheumatism by No. 13.
Malaria by No. 18.
Kidney disease by No. 27.
Bladder disease by No. 3O. '
Infants' troubles by No. 3.
Whooping Cough by No. 20.
Headache by No. 9.
Skin diseases by No. 14.
At Druggists^, 2Sc each, or mailed.
Cloth bound book mailed free.
Humphreys* Medicine Co., Cor. William and
John Streets, New York
Of all the good habits which
people follow, no other is supi
ported by the tame amount oi
sound common sense, or pro-
I duces such beneficent results,' as
j the Spring Medicine Habit, for^
' after all, good health is the great*
! est earthly blessing.
Of the medicines used. for/ the;
Spring Medicine Habit Hood's
Sarsaparilla is by far the best. It
' exceeds all others in general . usej
*s it does in general cxcellenco
and medicinal. merit.
Hood's Sarsaparilla purifies thq
¦blood, clears up the complexion, re-j
moves the cause of pimples, boils and
other eruptions, creates a good appe-
. jtite, gives strength and tone to thq
j whole system. Cures, positively curesi
Scrofula, Salt Rheum, Dyspepsia, Ca«
tarrh. Rheumatism, Blood Poisoning^
<tc -
After the cold winter c hot sum-t
mer is predicted. Prepare- for itj
by building up your system nowi,
.Get Hood's to-dax, "~" -——-«-'
Get the
Spring Habit.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription con-
tains no alcohol and is entirely free from
opium, cocaine and all other narcotics.
5 The dealer who offers a substitute for
w Favorite Prescription " does so to gain
the little more profit paid on the sale of
less meritorious medicines. 1 His profit is
your loss; therefore, accept no substitute.
« Dr. Picrcc's Pellets regulate the bowels. ;
. The proprietors and makers of Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription, now feel fully war-
ranted in offering: -, to pay j $500 in legal
money of the United States, for any case
of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolap-
sus, or Falling of Womb which they can-
not cure. - All they ask is a fair and reason-
able trial of their means of cure. *
« There are thousands of sick women dragging
out a weary, miserable existence, who would be
well and happy did they but have my experi-
ence with Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription,"
writes Mrs. Annie Lenman, Lady Commander
Star of Bethlehem, Lodge No. 37, of 106 Jackson
Street, Atlanta, Ga. "Four years ago I was
nearly dead with inflammation and ulceration.
I endured daily untold agony, and life was a
burden to me. I had used medicines internally,
and externally until I had made np my mind
that there was no relief in right for me. A friend
of mine endorsed your ' Favorite Prescription,*
and I determined then to five it a trial: ft took
patience and perseverance for I was in a bad
condition, and had to use your medicine for
nearly four months before I was cured, but whit
a chauf e it brought ; from despair to happiness,
from misery to the delightful, exhilarating; feel-
ing that only health brines. I would not change
back for a thousand dollars. Your 'Prescrip-
tion ' is a grand medicine. I wish every sick
woman would only try it and be convinced."
When the price paid is the mother's
health and happiness. The father
doesn't realize as he romps with the
child what years of wifely suffering
must be set against. the baby's laughter.
Chronic invalidism is a high pnee to
pay for the painful joy of maternity, yet
it la at such a cost that many a woman
becomes a mother. Such a price is too
much because it is more than nature asks.
By the use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription maternity is made practically
painless, and a quick convalesence is
assured in almost every c£Se.
$500 Reward for Womon
Who Oannot ho Cure A
Babg Costs Too Mach
ARE YOUR 1IMEYS WEAK?
Thousands of Men and Women Have Kid-
ney Trouble and Never Suspect It*
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinary
and bladder troubles were to be traced to the (mMilmi^
kidnej-s, but now modern science proves that I»P"'^11&y
nearly all diseases have '.heir beginning in ilNlf^lir
tht r!i;-ordrr of these most important organs. | ja^fjS.ls
The kidneys filter and purify the blood — *i§l£|»ii '
tJiat is their work. i^lplpl !
Therefore, when your kidneys are vrczk or ?•'
out of order, vou can understand how quick- i^^^^^
Iy yocr entire body is affected, and how ev- '
cry orpan seems to fail to do its duty. / ' '/&*&
If you arc sick or "feel badly," begin taking
the great kidney remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Knot, because as soon as your kidneys begin j^'^^^^f^^^^W^ j^ "i
to cet Setter thev will help all the other or- (f^^^Kwl
ganr to health. A trial will convince any one. mWmmBSffmtT^nimQ^M
I cheerfully recommend and Indorse the Great |P|J I I nt> »,. m pd»c i HHlff
Kemedy, Dr. Kilmer* Swamp-Boot, for kidney §|§|3 UK. muujk * ¦ |||
troahle and bad liver. X have used it and derived §£$H OWXMD DA AT £1*3
rreat benefit from it. X believe it has cured me K&gi N W Alllr -J\IJU 1 HHi
entirely of kidney and liver trouble, from which gUfH « * * . JT Wwm
X coffered terribly. B«Pt9 Kidney.Ltver & Bladder ggpfi
AXost gratefully yours, fP§« '"* CURE* »M
A. K. Reynold*, Chief of Police. HHlS DtRECTtONSi ffl&i.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible §§||a S23?2S l J',££S»'' f - *"**¦ Hill
for many kinds of diseases, and if permitted ||f|g| ctuMmiraKcotdhicteact. mm
to continue much suffering and fatal results BWfii aiLVJjT.^l u tint£ Wm
are sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates §||gj§ ",,£• c * m K4 * M Mm
the nerves, make? vou dizry, restless, sleep- |^p| "**" -"^ — - MM
less and irritable. Makes you pass water often g||| kS^jCl.kuSrSro^ Wm
during the day and obliges • you to get up Hg«l Acid t ' rmi ' > '«* » Bd <'»ni«» MzWi
many times during the night. Unhealthy kid- jjglsfl !^'»i*hoitbAu!ki«.i£v" Mm
neys cause rheumitism, gravel, catarrh of the 1|||| B^S^'g^J."^^ i."f MM
bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, joints Ef||I -inform of kii»v«*MM. |l
and muscles; make your head ache and back MW& ""n^fewn pi
ache; cause indigestion, stomach and liver K^a DR. KILMER it CO., Ipl
trouble; you get a sallow, yellow complex- E§1§9 biwciiamton, k. y. I M
ion; make you feel as though you had heart BgjIS sold by all Druggists. |||
trouble; you may have plenty of ambition, but fpffil, „¦, , P i« r .,.. u L_Jr
no strength; get weak, and waste away. . ElWM^iP^P^Mil ;
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kilmer's P^^%,^^mSt^m^^PI
S^mp-Root U« worid-famcus kidn Cy r C m- tv^.^flfflBRa
edy. In taking Swamp-Root you afford f^mm^^s^^^^^m^0 M »
natural help to Nature, for Swams*Root is the
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kid- (Swunp-aoot is pieavwt to tak«.j
neys that is known to medical science. _ ¦ , '
u r— j r\ x If y° u are alread y c9a -
HOW tO Find Out yiBcei that S wamp-Root is
If there is any doubt in your mind as to . ' '
pur condition, take from your urine on ris- what y° u nccd - y° u can P ur "
;ng about four ounces, place it in a glass or chase the regular fifty-cent
bottle and let it stand twenty-four hours. If , . .
on examination it is milky or cloudy, if there and one-dollar size bottles
is a brick-dust settling, or if small particles at the drug stores every-
ficst about in it, your kidneys are in need of . ¦ ¦ , , . .
immediate attention. where. Don't make any mis-
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is used take, but remember the
in the leading hospitals, recommended by V. -d ? r»- v\\
physicians in their private practice, and is name, Swamp-Root, Dr. Kil-
taken by doctors themselves who have kid- mer's Swamp-Root, and the
ney ailments, because they recognize in it the AArmcm n; n( ,t,, mtn . m Y
greatest and most successful remedy for kid- ad<ires$ Binghatnton, N. Y..
ney, liver and bladder troubles. on every bottle.
EDITOilAL VOTE. — So successful Is Swamp-Root in promptly curing even
the most dletresslns cases of kidney, liver or bladder troubles, that to prove its
wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuable informa-
tion, both sent absolutely free by mall. The book contains many of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured. The
value and success of Swamp-Root are so well known that our readers are ad-
vised to rend for a sample bottle. In sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co..
" BinKhamton. Jf. Y.. be sure to say you read this eenerous offer in The San Fran-
cisco Sunday Call. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuineness o {
this offer.
DR. P1EKCES .REMEDIES.
Toilet tables— I
"' . this one $11.50 1
You can pay more than this for a toilet table here \ |j
and get a better table — you may pay more else- ! jj
where and not get one as good. Made of oak, |
golden finish and provided with a genuine French [1
plate mirror. Measures 29 inches wide and 58 It
inches high. - |
In maple or mahoganized birch at $12.50.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary : Street, at Union Square
A Word About* ClQthes -^^iJiiilL '
To the Man Who Brings His Wife
The wife as a rule knows more about cloth quality y%S^H
and is a better judge of style. ¦'. %M^^^ :
She knows what looks best on her husband. And, .^^^0?^"^ !^PwSSS^^
Be the wife ever so critical, she and he, too, will 4^[9^fi^S^^^^^^^^^m
find in our immense stock just what is wanted. :^W0"^°^^0^^^^^^^^^B
We like the trade of the man who brings his wife. 0-M^ vS^fe^^^^^^^^B
When the 'next suit is needed she is often the judge
Ready-to-Wear Suits $ 8.50 |
Business suits in pretty spring patterns, $8.50 .•^^S^w^^BH^^^Hr
•r Outing suits, coats and trousers : only, in. home-
spuns, crashes, flannels and serges, $6.00 and . SS^SS^Sr^^^^^
¦ These garments are made by us. Add a third to S^M^^ .^^H^BH^'^t
the prices, and you will know what you must pay Kit^IP^^Wft^ft.
Mall Orders Filled I
Mail orders filled for any of these clothes — write to-day and . state :^ '.¦
chest, waist and length measurements. Please address Department L 4£^vV;Vi^ I i^SI^HHS^SL
Southern Pacific
THROUGH TOURIST CARS
Via Denver and Kansas City « June 1 vf#/^Vv|§p^
Via Salt Lake City, Denver and Kansas v/M^ffimM
(TEACHERS' XXCUKSIOZT.) \<lffl//lfMv(.i4
Round Trip dJ^> r 7»50 ifiii
S. F. BOOTH, General Agent, U. P. R. R^ l '1'j InM
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DB. KELMXR'S SWAMP-BOOT.
,A TYTT'Fft.'i'Tg V. M W. Wyff.BERLIN.; May 15.— The newspapers i
of all parties have, begun vying 'with
one another, in praise of Japanese^ mili
tary, gerilus and in .prophecies of;,the
continued defeat of , the Russians. Sev
eral morning journals openly ' declare
Military Genius' of the Japanese
Lauded in Kaiser's . Capital.
PRAISE FROM BERLIN.
GENEVA, 1 ' Switzerland, May 14.— The
Gazette de /Lausanne has received a
telegram from Bltlis, Asiatic Turkey,
confirming the' reports of "fighting be
tween Turks and Armenians.' Accord
ing' to "this telegram, about 700 Turks
Turks Engage Natives in Battle and
Many Are KiUed.
FIGHTING IN ARMENIA.
TOKIO, May 15,11 a. m. — Four hun
dred and fifty Russian prisoners, six
teen of them officers, arrived at Mat
suyama this morning on. the steamer
Colombo: Nine^ officers and. 286 men
were wounded.' Allot the prisoners ex
pressed great satisfaction at their\ un
expected kind treatment.
Captured Russians Pleased With Their
, Treatment, by Japanese.
PRISONERS AUK , GRATEFUL.
PARIS, May 14.— French confidence
in Russian prowess is much shaken as
a result of the recent developments
concerning the weakness of General
Kuropatkin's land forces. The early
Japanese successes were accepted as
merely preliminary, it being believed
by the officials and public here gen
erally that Kuropatkin was concentrat
ing a vast force, approximately 400,000
men, which eventually would annihi
late the smaller Japanese army. The
military experts of the Figaro and
other leading papers have sought to
demonstrate that Kuropatkin's success
was a "mathematical certainty on the
ground that his forces was four times
greater than that of the Japanese. But
reports of the last . ten days have
shown a constant shrinkage of Kuro
patkin's army until now. it is generally
accepted In official circles that he has
not over 200,000 men/ including those
locked up at Port Arthur and other
garrisons. The announcement that the
Russian commander has put off taking
the offensive until July in order to se
cure reinforcements adds to the
belief that his strength has heretofore
been greatly overestimated. However,
the officials and the public generally
continue to believe that Kuropatkin is
working a strategic plan, attracting the
Japanese far . inland, where ultimately I
he will overwhelm them. : The feelin*
Experts Now State That Kuropatkin's
Army Was Overestimated.
FRANCE LOSING FAITH.
At Sasebo the Forna was sold to the
Japanese Government and converted
into an army transport.
¦•"While in this city Captain Cunning
ham is visiting his sister, Mrs. L. A.
Gunn of 904 Fifty-seventh street, Oak
land, whom' he has not seen before for
twenty-seven years.
Among the passengers' who arrived
here Thursday on the liner Doric was
Captain A. Cunningham., who com
manded the British collier Fonar, which
was held up In the Red Sea by a Rus
sian warship. The Fonar carried a big
cargo of coal from Cardiff to Sasebo for
the Japanese Government. Her papers,
however, showed only that the coal was
destined for. Japan, "and the Russian
officer who boarded the collier allowed
her to proceed.
Captain A. Cunningham Takes Cargo
of Coal for Japanese Government.
OVERHAULED BY RUSSIANS.
The correspondent in St: Petersburg
of the Echo de Paris gives a high staff
officer's resume of the- situation . in the
Far East; as follows:
"The Japanese are advancing: toward
the • Russian positions along, three
routes. Kurokl's army is marching up
on the Liaoyang from Fengwangcheng;
O!:u's force has left, Baguchu forYin
kow, following . the . Sluyen road, and
Ozabe's army. Is investing Port Ar
thur." a : . ¦ ¦ .
PARIS, May. 15. --The Journal's St-
Petersburg correspondent telegraphs
that he has had an interview, with an
intimate friend of War Minister Sak
haroff, who declares that It was im
possible that serious fighting could oc
cur within five days, the Japanese
forces being separated by a distance of
one hundred miles from General Kuro
patkin's main army. Mobilization, the
correspondent says. Is causing serious
distress in Siberia, in some provinces
It being absolutely impossible to con
tinue agricultural work.
Mobilization of. Russian Troops Inter
feres With Agricultural Work.
Official advices received here to-day
say. there is an enormous congestion of
military forces near 'Irkutsk, Siberia,
owing to the inability of the troops to
cross Lake Baikal, the floating Ice still
preventing the passage of the j boats
and a detour round the foot of the lake
requiring seven days. Therefore a
large force Is held bac^c until it is pos
sible to cross the lake. It is the belief
here that these troops may sufficiently
augment General Kuropatkln's
strength to permit him to take the of
fensive.
DISTRESS IN SIBERIA.
General Brugere, head of the French
army, called recently on General Por
ter, the United States Embassador, and
the two veterans went over the Man
churian campaign from the standpoint
of French and American njilitary men.
They agreed v that much would depend
upon the topbgraphy of the country
between Mukden and. Harbin, owing
to the part artillery will play In com
manding the passage of rocky defiles.
During- the discuss'ion it was suggested
that a Russian campaign somewhat
similar to General Lee's campaign in
Virginia probably would be the most
effective means of stopping the Jap
anese advance.
of confidence, however, is steadily
diminishing..
that the Russian cause is lost, one In
timating that Russia will prefer to
make an attempt to recover her pres
tige in another sphere — evidently
meaning Southern Asia— rather than to
continue the struggle in Manchuria in
definitely. This change of- tone per
vades not only the military criticisms,
but the political leaders as well. The
National Zeitung, which is regarded as
the principal organ of the Foreign Of
fice, predicts that China will side with
Japan as soon as Port Arthur falls and
characterizes the Russian attempt to
hold Manchuria as equally rash in con
ception and defective In execution.
The suggestion of a St. Petersburg
newspaper that it is the duty of the
civilized nations to threaten China with
an army of occupation if she shows in
dications of taking sides is treated as
puerile. The powers have allowed Rus
sia to have her own way in Manchuria
merely because they were disinclined
to re-enter upon Chinese adventures.
WASHINGTON. May 14.— Minister
Conger reports by cable to the State
Department from Peking that the Chi
nese Government has reiterated its de
termination to observe the strictest
neutrality and has asserted Its ability
to do so. In view of the leading part
taken by the United States Govern
ment in securing the International
pledge of the neutralization of China,
the State Department has felt deep
concern in the reports of agitation
among the Chinese military forces
near the seat of war and the danger
of their violating neutrality, thus re
leasing the powers from the engage
ment into which they entered. Mr.
Conger is keeping the Department
closely advised of the situation in
China and his news IS received with
satisfaction here.
while it is admitted here that a Chi
nese outbreak will be a new source of
danger, preparations have been per
fected by General Kuropatkin to in
sure the protection of this artery,
which is vital to the supply of his
army. It is a matter of satisfaction to
the authorities that the Koreans are
proving more friendly than the Chi
nese, as is shown by the reports of
the destruction by them of the tele
graph wires used by the Japanese in
Xorthern Korea.
CHEFU, May 14.— Admiral Katzo
ka's fleet, the third Japanese squadron,
began a fierce bombardment of tfy? de
fenses of Dalny this morning. The
land batteries were speedily silenced.
Russian troops were again seen in
the neighborhood and driven out of
their positions by shells. Under cover
of the flre from the ships, the troops
•were landed and a combined attack
on the city was undertaken. There is
<*ver>- indication, that the town is now
in the possession of the Japanese.
"When the dispatch boat Fawn ar
rived off Dalny early this morning a
heavy bombardment was in progress.
As the channel was thickly mined by
the Russians, and the Japanese ad
• miral, Kataoka. had issued strict or
ders that non-combatant boats were
to be excluded, it was impossible to
get within the roadstead. Hence, an
accurate report of the proceedings is
impossible As far as it wts possible
to ascertain the armored cruiser Ha
kurr -v four other cruisers, one gun
boat and on- battleship, having cleared
the channel, entered the harbor short
ly after daylight and bogan a heavy
fire i :.:rh was stlH in progress at noon.
It is estimated that 2f>,000 Japanese
troops are investing the town and there
!b ever}' reason to believe that they
delivered the assault this afternoon and
art now in possession of the city
It is understood that the landing of
the second army was completed yes
terday at Pitzewo. There are now 50 -
000 Japanese troops on the peninsula. '
AXTUXG. Manchuria. Thursday.
May 1 5, via Seoul May 14.— The Rus
sians who retreated after the battle of
. May 1 are fortifying Kaoliman. Strong
ST. PETERSBURG. May 14.—Dis
quieting news regarding the attitude
of the Chinese is shown in dispatches
from c-fficers at the front, issued by the
general staff to-night. In addition to
the further details of the cutting oft
of Port Arthur and confirming the re
port of the Japanese advance upon
Liaoyang, these dispatches state spe
cifically that the Chinese have com
menced hostilities against the Rus
sians.
Major General Karevltch reports that
the Chinese attacked his outposts on
the Fengwangcheng road leading to
Saimatsi. General Pflug telegraphs
that according to reports of patrols and
missionaries the Chinese, at Tapad
ziatsi, 160 miles northwest of Mukden
and just outside the Russian sphere of
influence, are preparing to rise against
the Russians and Christians generally.
As showing the extent of the hostile
attitude of the Chinese attention is
particularly called to the fact that the
distance in an air line from that point
where the Russian outposts were at
tacked and Tapadziatsi . is 200 . miles.
The authorities say that this matter
affects not only Russia but the whole
civilized world, as it is feared the ris
ing will spread to other parts of the
empire.
The hostile attitude of the Chinese
is attributed to the action of the Japan
ese In spreading reports of their suc
cesses and magnifying their victories
at Port Arthur and on the Yalu. This
propaganda • has been active recently
in all parts of China. ' ;
£o far as the railway is concerned,
Attacks Are Reported to Have Been
Made on Russians.
CHINESE ARE HOSTILE.
reinforcements from Fengwangcheng
joined them. Their positions are good
and the next fight is expected to take
place there. The enemy has built earth
works on the hills north and south of
the village and have many pieces of
artillery. The country about Kaoliman
is very mountainous and steep. Al
most unscalable mountains protect the
enemy's rightflank. There are no Rus
sians between Kaoliman and Sed'j on
the southern Ai River, on the north.
In retreating, the Russians burned
their buildings and supplies and de
vastated the country, so that the Jap
anese should not find support.
Two Russian detachments, while re
treating, had an engagement at Tan
shangcheng, east of Hamaton, in the
darkness on Sunday night, one mistak
ing the other for Japanese. The re
sult was that 110 Russians were killed
and thirty wounded. The first party
was entrenched on a' hill and mistook
the other for approaching Japanese.
The story was obtained by a Japan
ese patrol from the inhabitants of
neighboring villages, and is supported
by the fact that there are many fresh
graves in the vicinity.
and 900 Armenians" were killed. The
locality of the fight is not given, but
probably was in the Sassoun district
of Armenia.
MUSCOVITES RETIRE AND JAPANESE TROOPS TAKE A CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MAY 15, 1904.
23
sorraxss or sealskiu
Xa Riralefl tj Human Hair Where Dan-
draff Za Eradicated.
Sealskin is admired the wor.'d over for
its softness and giossinfses; and yet the
human hair is equally as soft and glossy
wher. healthy; and the radical cause of
all hair trouble is dandruff, which 5:
caused by a pestiferous parasite that
fwps the vitality of the hair at' its root.
Jtewbro's Herpiclde Is the only prepara-
tion that is fatal to the dandruff perm.
Without dandruff there is no falling hair,
but a luxurious growth of glossy, noft
hair is certain. Scouring the scalp won't
cure dandrff. Kill the dandruff grerm.
Thousands of women owe their beautiful
suits of hair to Newbro's Herplcide. Sold
by leading: drueists. Send 3 0c in stamps
to The Herpiclde Co., Detroit, Mich-
Tea baUn2-pe*<Ie» tpices
caCec ' 2 jvorinf extract! tod*
tire safe ; you needn't gc
cheated in them, Schilling
Best are not only pure an.
true, but generous.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
———A SALE—
OF
ALL THIS WEEK s ~
$8:00 Values
These Suit Cases are made of good
quality sole leather with strong steel
fr mes; lined throughout with Irish
Linen, and have extra linen shirt
pockets. Locks, clasps, etc., are of
solid brass. In two sizes, 22 and 24
! inches, at. $5.OO and $5. 5O.
SUIT CASES
TRAVELERS' ACCESSORIES
Sole Agents for
the World-Renowned
Innovation Trunks
Prices Right
ROOS BROS.
L — K E ARNY AT P O S T
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
IMi^^^I^^llFllnf^S^M^^r^^^^^^^^i^S^®^ Wlsconsin m mm Gives
Invalids of More Women at This Season , Grateful Thanks to Pe-ru-na.
£ 4-U V.n.TU. A 11 r-\i.1 <-v-^<^ \^> WrlwiDL Ii Ml ANNOYING SYMPTOMS.
•• UI U1C 1 <-<-^ A llCUl /All Wll 1C1 \ *Zv) (J/r^< /^^^^A^niWJSjdy^^ i "Peruna Cured Me After Using Onfy Seven Bott/es."— Mrs. M.S. Rogers.
tjiCpaCpC ( .OmhiriPH • l^ fei^3^A$& I - • AxA^^L^^^y^^^^^fvQ I Pimn» ii mown In All Parti of tte CiTllixed World. Kowhera in the United
L-S 1 0 V- Cl O V^ O V_>W 1 1 1 L/ll J ¥•*/^Ot-Or \\\ i jFft^k- M. I < Tff? tnUF/ # St»tes la Tleie to be Fonnd a Hoaiehold That Has Not Heard o! P«rnaa, aad
' ' A^^wSRwN \\\ Z K*^.^^ t • JMlBlMin'rT-fT-lA''. J ~*^_ ft "Very Tew, Indeed. Have Hot. at Some Time or Other U3ed It. Perosa is How
v '.; . ¦ IWvSSlVtr&J^ \\\ s fir L^*CvS«rf[hiJclr~^ir mXJlrr-ju' "'¦» Hi. Acknowledjred to toe a Shield Asratait the Encroachments of Catarrh and a
-.-.« n f P p -P t'o I N V J^Ah?$&U 11 Ii fL »«nedy for All rorm» of Catarrhal Diseases. It Ou*ht to he in Every House.
rMmTtute* and^ At the Beginning of a Cold Is the Time j 'ffffi^fe 1 \t Any Catarrhal Symptoms."
plarl.O. ti.'T.. writes: " ! M rP . C. Morrison. 1030 S. New Jersey St., Indianapolis, Ind., writes: * \ |^^""i m n n I 1^11^^^^'^^V \Jf i J ° f Neenah Mothers' Club, Wi 3 ..* // xM^MHI f l\ \.
hf^ew.?tu°^th?ehh»d^n rh mo°sUn! t "Seme iu&thfl ago I contracts 1 smra cold returning from the theater- This I ' BERTHA M. RUSH, Of PtfTRRtZ^ J-.*7' ? writes: J <} fflMlffmti VJ & <M%Mi \
Sr^fn'the'ch^r^a coifed^n { eold wttled in n 7 hwd trd deralopad into catarrh of th 9 head and no83, and I ! \ ~~ **» ' * ca2rrt» ff «,e\™ «£? b d?d -o"; MMIH Sllfl St A I
asthmatic condition. I had tried many , kn:w of sothisg core obnoxious. Everj morning when I arose my hsad was all . ? j „. , _ _ , rtr :., -..««.,,,« „ , , T . *., I J know what was the matter with me. t /^f^*iw%wh\\\ % Si V*&*4Wjk \\i
J h Kra^f1^^?t e 5.r^%^S : -topped np, throat drj and parch-d.. ad I wool, haret.. pray ffr half an hour J L J^ttlZ ili Ihe tw 0^™ I L^nV^S a«in a i SSj fc^Wf fi I IRU
P^r^^^BkT^i : befo M Icouldcl.»rtt.h.ad . I noticed that Parana wa. adv«ti«d as a oart.in J Xut ! J f^^^P^
well. Vour medicine is very meriton- « cure for catarrh, eo I tried what it would do for me, and found after four weeks' ? ? ' ' 1 t my breath was baa and I was inis-* '¦ i^w.i^fl\--\Jj W^SS&^k 'fffl 'v* V^,
ous and desen-es praise." -j tse that it had chared ny head and throat, leaving no trace of catarrh. I there- J l~#ZZttCtt&XCC$XZZ$$^^ ''
~~~~~> +~~ \ fore wiEh to add my testimony to the many you have as to the efficacy of Peruna." { Miss Rertha m. Rush. 5435 Kincarde dimato. but as it was not convenient to I "A friocd suggested that I try Pe- \ %&&tt£^h
\ If yon do not derive orompt and ? f — Mrs. C- i'orrison. • i street, Pittsburg, Pa., Superintendent do so at this time, I took the advice of « runa, and as I had heard of it before, ?
x «ati«lactcrr reeeults Irota the nsa ? t * i. Junior Society of Methodist Protestant a friend to ¦ use a bottle of Peruna. I i T • «. J; j .. «_ ? - -"I
J.cf Fcnuta. writ* at once to Dr. t *r T .... ....... ..«...,.«..«.,«..«.....,... I Church, and leading soprano of the choir, took It faithfully and when the first bot- , * giatt y . OlQ . 13. • •¦ my expenenoa «.»»•»«.»...»>»«» »•»••¦«¦ • *^
J Su?^;. l^d a L a wS 1 bTS«d g ? 2 Spring is the best time to treat catarrh. Nature renew, herself every*^. Ihank^ln^^to^ouTorPeruna^^was'a" lou^f fPx^mVr^Vnd^oot SStW I W " "*' " "^ oti « 8 who h "» « ed * »'««« ™ r ™*2 "^ " 7 « f
! rive yon hit valuable advice rratls. t The system is rejuvenated by spring weather. This renders medicines more ef- sufferer from systdmic catarrh for years fully, after which I looke'd like a new 4 bottles. • • J,
J ThV2^£i"SSa£ ii S5^ ? ?rotT^. a^Sm m ei!r C^e™^ O B W Sn?ffi SSSSS in flesh/my appetite re- "I feel like a diffarent woman now. and am ne T er troubled with headaches, nor I
* bu«. Ofcio. ? Everybody should have a copy of Dr. Hartman's latest book on catarrh. the most foolish fears over nothing. I turned and all my old symptoms had dis- I offenSlTe brsath, n r an7 of tha eril* WSTlltine fifflm Catarrh."— Mm. M. S Ro«X3. *
! ? -AMth healthy 'mucous membranes climatic, diseases lose their terror, the sys- was thin and emaciated. : apn»arcd. lam more than thankful to I. . " 6 - • - 6
**~^^*"" ' • * • • • • • tern is enabled to throw off contagion and health inevitably follows. "My physician advised me to leave this Peruna." — Miss Bertha M. Rush. . »«»«»«.« ««««.....« « . ««»«...»«..'Active preparations are being made
by the State of Maine Association of
California for their twenty-sixth, an
nual picnic and reunion at Shell Mound
Park, Saturday. June 4. Meetings of
the executive committee are being held
weekly and all arrangements for the
celebration are well under way.
Maine People Plan Reunion.
S. P. Taylor. H. J. McGInnls, William
Moore. W. C. Keogh, William R.
O'Neill, William T. Snyder. E. J. Dol
lard, E. J. Gallagher, John Murray,
Thomas J. O'Neill, J. B. Ryan, Thomas
Judge, ''A. O'Connor, C. McLean,
Thomas Crawfoid, P. J. Mohegan, A.
White, P. Lynatt, William H v Shea,
Thomas Marron and William Meagher.
The committee on prizes is composed
of the members of the general commit
tee, with William Barry, acting as
chairman. ,, -¦ i i,;, ,.., -.--,-,
Exercises In the pavilion will be un
der the direction of George M.. Kally,
who will have as assistants Dennis I.
Kenny, George P. Feeley; the Misses
Rosella and Mazie McKeon, Miss
Mamie Clancy. Miss Julia Coffey, Mis3
Nellie O'Brien, Miss May* Rhodes; W.
J. O'Connor, John Kenny, James P.
Bain, James B. Coffey Jr., M. Gilmore,
Jeremiah Hurley and James Mc-
Manus Jr. •
During the last decade American ex
ports to China have increased sixfold.
Fully men. women and children
crowded the Mechanics' Pavilion, last
night to its utmost capacity at the Pure
Food Fair of the Retail Grocers' As
sociation. It can be justly regarded *3
the gala night of the season and the
committee In charge Is making an ef
fort to secure the pavilion for another
week, but without hopes of success.
The Columbia Park Boys' Club, 250
strong, under command of Colonel S.
S. Peixotto, headed by their own pre
mier band, were the guests of the exe
cutive committee They ranged in age
from 6 to 15 years and made a splendid
showing In their natty uniforms of
blue. They, executed several difficult
military maneuvers.
§ Bennett's Concert Band assisted by a
company from the National Guard ren
dered a spectacular musical descriptive^
entitled "The Battle of Gettysburg."
The fair closes this evening with a
grand ball, and it Is expected that
standing room will be at a premium.
Largest Crowd of the Season Attends
the Fair and the Columbia Pork
Boys' Club Were Guests,
GALA NIGHT AT THE
PURE FOOD EXPOSITION"
The per capita wealth of England is
J210; that of Canada" $240.
. Six hundred thousand revolvers were
exported from Liege. Belgium, last
year." . .-¦¦¦> -Y^:' ¦ '"' •
. John Macabee, residing at 518 Sev
enth, street, had his right 1 kneecap
fractured yesterday* by falling off a
Devisadero-street car.
Kneecap Fractured by a Fall.
..The Norwegian club.. Franv will
hold, its first -annual picnic to-day at
Glen Park,.- .where the members, and
their friends- will celebrate: the
dinavian Fourth of July. There will
be literary exercises, followed by races
an4' dancing.. Norwegian . national
music and songs will' be given a prom
inent .place: on, the", programme..' -.A.
Waerenskjold, president*.- of ,the day,
will make an address and O.. A; Tveit
mb'e will: deliver, an; oratibn,' ; on- "Lib
erty." P. O. Anneal discusi "The In-^
dependence of Norway" in "the Nor
wegian .tongue. . . ¦ . . ".-¦¦'• ¦>¦'¦¦
Norwegian Club Picnic.
'Under the leadership of their -pastor,
Rev. Father Casey, the parishioners of
St. Peter's have arranged ;fo" hold their
annual reunion and outing for 1904 at
Sunset Park, Santa .Cruz Mountains,
Thursday. June 16. The trains 'will
leave Third and Townsend streets at
9:10 -a; stop at- Harrison and
Twenty-second streets at 9:15. The of
ficers of the general committee are:
Father. Casey/ honorary" chairman;
Father Sands, honorary vice chairman;
Thomas B.Slevin, chairman; Daniel F.
Keefe, vice chalrtnan; Patrick Biggins,
treasurer; Thomas Maguire, secretary.
St." Peter's Parish Picnic.
and counsel of the elective committee
and endeavor to the utmost of my
ability to give most respectful consid
eration to^-each- member of the society.
Every interest of the American Na
tional -Red Cross shall be protected as
far as it is possible to do-so. ; The ex
ecutive committee shall be advised qt,
every step "taken tor the promoyon'of
the welfare of the society and • the
preservation of its assets and. good
name, and* a full report'>vlli be made
to the next meeting of th'e American
National Red Cross Society, to whom
the executive committee and myself
are responsible. ..',., ' . '¦ " ,
"I shrink, from undertaking the duties
of .the. -president, and from 'making
these, suggestions, but having, accept
ed the ooEitlon. from the.. society I feel
| I must endeavor'- conscientiously to do
|.'my|duty." . : . '.' : ;'. ', '.'•"• .' ' ."'¦- ¦:¦¦¦¦)
' Miss Barton left Ivith' Mrs. Logan a
number of ' suggestions' bearing • upon
the conduct of the society, . arid Mrs.-
Logan, suggested that a meeting „ be'
caned for September. 6; next for the
•consideration"- 6f this memoranda. In
speaking of the necessity for this meet-'
ins, she put it upon the grouhd of "fhil
present" unpleasant and
condition of affairs." She suggested
that at the proposed meeting no prox
ies be received. She also expressed the
opinion that in the Interim -a proper
custodian should be ' appointed, to. take
charge of the assets of the- organizar
tloru ' ¦ -'-/ ; ;-¦"¦ >;¦:'.'/: ¦:¦.'',"¦:'.'
Superior Judge S. P. Hall of Ala
meda is here at the bedside of his
son, Whipple, who underwent an
operation for appendicitis at the Bap
tist Hospital last week, just one, day
after reaching St. Louis. . The young
man is getting along well. He went
straight from the train to the hospital
and just in time. Had the attack
reached a critical stage on the cars
his . life would most likely have been
forfeited. -~ .
Dri G.F. Reinhart, medical exam
iner at the University of California, is
viewing the exposition, having stopped
over on.his way to Europe.
Judge R.E. Bledsoe .of San-Ber
iiardino, whose" son gained fame by
tieing"his op'ponent In a race fo'r Su
perior Judge of that county last elec
tion : and subsequently winning on a
contest by three ' votes, - is visiting
cousins here ;he had never seen be
fore—very.' prominent Missouri people.
Judge Bledsoe went to Calif ornia.from
Missouri thirty' years ago and. this is
his first trip East— they call St. Louis
West " here. He has a brother in
Boise, whom he wil visit after a trip
to the large Eastern cities. •' " • •
Congressman "Victor H. Metcalf of
Oakland is visiting the exposition. He
was shown the'California^isplays by
H. C. Rapp, commissioner from Contra
Costa, who is' Tax Collector of that
county and an Intimate friend of the
Congressman. "Excellent indeed,"
said Mr. Metcalf. "California is a
great State and Is liberal enough to
show on a great scale her varied prod
ucts. Her future is magnificent and
it will not be long before her fertile
acres are teeming with an immense
population."
and "California Poppy."
WESTERNERS AT ST. LOUIS.
geles, "Balsa. Chica, Game"; Joseph
.Walter, San Francisco, "American
Gems in the Rough" ;"~JrF. P. "PiazzOnl,
"The Close of Day" and "Winter in
California"; Paul de Longpre, Los An
geles, "Red Eucalyptus," "White
Fringed Poppies," "Matillja Poppies"
There, will be a good time at St.
-Dominic's grand reunion picnic at Sun
set .Park, Santa Cruz Mountains, on
Tuesday. The train will leave Third
and' Townsend streets at 9:15 a., m.
and will stop at the Valencia-street
station at 9:25. . - •
Many outdoor sports have been pro
vided. Several hundred gate prizes
will be awarded. The homeward-bound
train will leave at,.5 p. m.
The following sub-committees have
been/ named: Transportation— J. B.
Mclntyre (chairman), P. J. McKeon,
M. Farrell, E. Kenny, J. Doherty, J.
McManus, William Barry, George M.
Kelly; music — Rev. . T. C. Clancy and
Rev. F. S. Welch, 6. P.; press— George
M. Kelly: printing— J. B. Mclntyre;
committee on games— P. J. McKeon
(chairman), E. Kenny, M. Farrell,
James McManus. G. S. Olsen, F. J.
Miller, J. Doherty, Gus White; recep
tion committee— The fathers of St.
Dominic's Church and Messrs. P. Daly,
R. O'Connor, William H. Langdon, Wil
liam Barry, F. A. Snead, George Olsen,
Sunset Park Chosen as Place for
Grand Outdoor Reunion of
7 • Old Friends.
Continued From. .Page. 21, Column 3.
Carroll Kilburn. who is a brother of
former Harbor Commissioner Paris Kil
burn. tried to kick a hen yesterday. The
chicken sidestepped and Kilburn's kick
went wild. He lost his balance, fell
tfnd fractured -one of his ribs. The hen
flew away and Kilburn's broken rib
was spliced at' the Emergency Hos
pital.
Fnlls and Breaks a Rfb.
ST. DOMIXIC'S PICXIC
TO BE IS SCENIC RETREAT
CALIFORNIA'S FRUIT DISPLAY.
At the last meeting of the executive
committee of the Odd Fellows that is
arranging for the reception of the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge next September in
tfciB city, the principal topic was the
grand parade to be held September 23.
It is proposed to make this one of the
most important street demonstrations
ever held in San Francisco. The com
tr.ittee will tend an invitation to all
subordinate lodges, encampments, can
tons and* Rebekah lodges in the State
to unite In the grand demonstrations
with banners, decorations and floats.
Valuable prizes will be offered for the
organizations making ihe most credit
able appearance.
Odd Fellows' Parade.
WASHINGTON, May, 14.— Miss Clara
Barton to-day resigned the presidency
of the American Red Cross, and was
succeeded by Mrs. General John A.
Logan, who has heretofore occupied
the office of vice president of the asso-:
elation. : ;. . •' % .
The ceremony occurred at Mrs." Lo
gan's residence and was participated
in by Miss Barton, Mrs. Logan and
members of the executi\-e committee of
the Red Cross. Miss Barton's lette.rof
resignation was a partial review of the
work of the organization. •
The resignation was accepted, and in
addition to many, individual expressions
of regret the executive committee
united in a letter to Miss Barton. 'With
the retirement of Miss Barton, Mrs.
Logan as vice-president succeeded. to
the duties of the chief position. She
made a brief address, saying in part:'
"In assuming the duties of actiing
president. of .the American National
Red Cross, I do so with many misgiv
ings as to the possibility of satisfying
every one. However, desiring to do all
I can to allay the present excitement
in connection with the organization, I
have consented to try to fill the posi
tion *with charity # for all and malice
toward none.*
"I shall be governed by the wisdom
Miss Barton Resigns and
Mrs. John A. Logan
Is Advanced. :
RETIRING PRESIDENT of AMERI
CAN RED CROSS AND HER
SUCCESSOR. .
The announcement was made by
Freight Trade Manager Sproule of
the Southern Pacific Company yester
day that on May 19 the rate on
clructural iron nnd iron bridge ma
terial, from all points east of Chicago,
will be reduced from 85 cents to 75
cents per hundred pounds, and that
this reduction will remain in force un
til September 30, when the present rate
v.ill be restored. The reduction is the
result of the recent conference in Mon
terey, when the Transcontinental
Freight Bureau reviewed numerous
protests against the existing rate on
the commodities mentioned.
Redaction Applies to Material for
Buildings and Bridges Shipped
_ . From East of Chicago.
RATE OX STRUCTURAL
IROX TO BE LOWERED
Dr. and Mrs. H. E. Sanderson, Stock
ten; .Judge and Mrs. Charles Slack,
San Francisco; Harry. Coon," San FranV
Cisco; Mr. and Mrs. Leon Sloss, San
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. George H,
Mastick,.San Francisco;, Mr. and. Mrs.
E. W Co well, Modesto; -Mr', and Mrs!
W. SI Tinning, Martinez; Mr. and Mrs.
G. P. Kelsey, Merced Falls; Mr. and
Mrs. William'Kelth, Berkeley; Mr. and
Mrs. Fremont ' Morse, San Francisco;
It R. Smith and Miss Smith.' Stockton;
Miss Harriet Whirlow, Berkeley; Mr.
and Mrs. W. H.- Chapman, San Fran
cispo; Mr. and .^Irs. T. A. McMahon,
Martinez; John H. Henderson, 1 .Oak
land; Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Morrow, Oak
land; "Mr; 1 and Mrs. J. L.> Scotchler,
Berkeley; Professor Edmond O'Nell,
Berkeley; Mr. and Mrs^. S.I. Wormser,
San Francfsco;" Mr. and Mrs. S. K.
Beard, Modesto; Mr. and. Mrs. John
McHenry, San Francisco; Rev. Carroll
M. Davis, St. « Louis,; Mo. ; W.. K. ' Dar
gie, Oakland; Mr. v and*Mrs. F. P. Tut
tle, Auburn; Miss Sarah Bolton, Berke
ley; Mr. and MrV G." B. Wilcutt, San
Francisco; Mr. and-Mrs. G; A. Stanley,
Palo AltoT Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Wheeler,
St. Helena; Miss'Miliicent Shinn, Niles;
Dr. and Mrs. H. -M^..,PQnd£»a.labama;
R. A. Poppe, Sonoma; Morris Bien,
Washington, D. C; Dr. and Mrs. R. W.
Musgrave, Hanford;.Mr. and Mrs. S.
C. Irving, Satt Francisco, and Adalr
Welcker, San Francisco.
One of . the guests, Rev. Carroll M.
Davis, came, from St. Louis, .Mo., to be
present, while another, -Morris Bien,
was present from Washington, D. C.
Besides tjie Governor and Mrs. Pardee
the following,, constituting members
and escorts; sat at the table* and par
ticipated , in the exchange ' of • reminis
cences • and other- pleasures "of ' the - re
union: r*i.l tr r r :" v- '" "¦ •
color, silver,
executive mansion was the scene ,\to?; :
night of the twenty-fifth annual^cele?
bration'.of the class of \7 9 of the';Btate :
University. Governor Pardee is- one
of the most enthusiastic ' of the class
members and oh' several • occasions at
his Oakland home he has entertained
his college mates. • \ This being the
quarter century. anniversary, the Gov
ernor expressed" a wish to have the
observance take place at the executive
mansion. ' About sixty' of the class
members were present, ' having .come
from all parts of the State and in two
Instances ; from distant States. The
executive mansion is of ' goodly size,
but the man who designed It never
counted on accommodating it to the
needs of sixty or more guesta.
So for days furniture dealers have
been bringing in extra- bedding and
the Gdvernor has been. obliged-. to pre
side at several family councils In or
der-to .dispose of ajl his old school
mates in a comfortable manner. He
said to-night that he had managed it
beautifully and that all he feaTed waa
a pillow fight, in . which the . playful
university spirit of '79 annually, mani
fests itself. Asked how he intended
to entertain his guests "during" the re
mainder of their, stay, the Governor
said he was .going to allow them to do
and go where they pleased, that being
deemed ¦ by the class the essence of
hospitality. While in most cases the
class" members brought their wives, in
one instance the wife brought her hus
band, Mrs. William Keith of Berkeley
being a member of {he class, while her
husband is not. The happy party sat
down to a splendid dinner to-night in
the banquet-room, the Governor and
his wife presiding. The decorations
of the room were' of the university
colftrs, blue and gold, and the, class
SACRAMENTO, May 14. — The
Epedal Dispatch* to": The Call,
BAKERSFIELJ>. May 14.—To-mor
row night BakersJleld -will -welcome the
members of the Grand Lodge of the
Knigrhts cf Pythias of California, who
Trill begin to arrive here from all parts
of the State. About 250 are expected
from San Francisco and the vicinity of
the bay alone- They will come by spe
cial train. Larjre delegations are also
expected from the south and other sec
tions of the north. It is believed that
about 600 delegates will be present.
The work of decorating the cities of
Bakersfield and Kern is now completed.
All through the business centers, of the
two cities the streets, business houses
end residences are covered with lights,
flags and shields with the emblems of
the Knights of Pythias. A final test
was riven the lights to-night.
Arrangements are complete to handle
as many as may come, and it is certain
that the lodgings will be ample. Com
mittees ¦will meet the delegations a
short distance from the city and pro
vide for them. All next week will be
given to festivities in honor of the vis
itors, end each day and night there will
be something for their entertainment.
ErecUl D!tp«tch to The Call.
In Two Cases- Guests Come
r Froni' Great; Distances to
Take Part in the Reunion
Committees Will Meet Spe
cial Trains to Receive and
Welcome the Visitors
SIXTY MEMBERS ATTEND
CITY GAY-WETE COLOR
Class -of 79 of State Univer
1 j sity| Holds Celebration at
the Executive Mansion
Bakersfield Completes Her,
• Arrangements for Enter
tainment of the Pytkians
PARDEE GREETS
COLLEGE MATES
AWAITS COMING
OF HER GUESTS
THE -SAN- FRANCISCO .CALL,-' SUNDAY,-MAy-a5, 1904.:-
RED CROSS
HAS A NEW
PRESIDENT
24
ADVEBTISTnvrFITTS.
ADVERT1SEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMSBT&-
v I In the Purchase of 8
/ ' I a Grand Piano
y ¦.•: ,.: -; : fl While there are several differ-
r . . . •_ ¦¦ ent makes of Grand Pianos, there
jSJyUiJS^^^ I are no more than four or five
U worth while to even consider. In
¦jgHBffl*fl(B^gfmSj^^fffv' r !:-S^^ Pianos sold are confined to two
¦ ' -< •£¦/ Bl "^^^^ •' • .'.*;'.- Orand is simply ideal. W« also have B
' jfl^pj^Jjfgfl ¦ - ¦ . 1?® * nl1 Concert Grand for use in the H
ftlnS!*-»^^S more spacious homes, courts and halls, if'
W^mmET^^^^'^F &^K~SV^^ DRAPERIES
I KUROKO VA/ - ~- TL P ° f ro T if? 2 E 7 S 5-o^.5 P O i perP^ n^ in w^ IC : |
m imitations ot Turkish and Easf. India d^'^/'ff|F C/ is the time TrMfev large assortment of colors and designs;
V8$ signs, 30. by 60 inches, this wesk ¦ jfM M& ,^ OMrfrt fnt . M'hV closing out the lot, per pair, $1.55 JJ
H -•— T5C M\k 1 " g . \ > MADRAJ5 CURTAINS-Regular H
if KUROKO RUGS 36x72 inches your Summer trip tO LJ^V price from M -25 to fS'.OO per |1
Br $1.00 ' ¦¦¦'¦¦¦¦¦ JUM Ei? the Country. IfyOU^OUn- pair; all the light and -airy, jtt
If delft bath RUGS- Mikl^T prepared for the necessary com- W ll %. "tu^dfred^^cS U
vm Th« nrj tbing ftr Summer bttkt. JkvWall* *. * -t. i-* tn i^.^i I l\\ffFv launderea. wi
1^ cr, Ten forth, home uu. :oom, jfjK W forts of country life you will simply \^WuN. them out at just m
II 1 "^ jMmJ come back more tired than when you left. % ll HK Half ffl
m <?i 8 r K A K ' dA r® ¦ We offer for yobr inspection the greatest display of x^^FtiV PriC6 PJ
m jMm^ summ8r furniture that has ever been shown on this *|8 ] ||v JH"
H \#mlu9 coast, and cordially welcome you, in making your preparations, vfflRliilifc,^ H
II to visit our great -FIFTH FLOOR DISPLAY, K
II^^V^ SANirAlRE FABRIC COUCH - £) . >«-* MAPLE CRIBS-23x52 ' 'WlTTffl
mSfifcriiP Mids o! strangt/ vrw:x vlr«, w ith 'JIK-SitW Inclui, with woven wire mittrea X \^fiS| bfU
W®m3 removable leg. forea.y packing. Don't ' 'Mfjf Wf. ind foMIof l«p » that the whole
MM try to sleep on the ground. Sec these couches. ## ffl crib caa b« put under a bed. This week, jHifl
rMH * ' — — ¦ - g^ r»»«»*i«» Canvas Camp Stool _ >— . \nv&
ffln h^^^^m^^^ WC0D BEDS RCClltlin^ CaflVaS Chair -There is little more to &£^rf<}P
Kkfj^n I }« m p X B J ill n Jj I cl 1 1 Jb^ 1 i i 111 \J I 1 V_ C *L. *j • t^v^i *?¦ *_„ *-a —-. >• ¦ \ ¦ . JljtS d
¦My 11 HI I from $2.00 to $50.00. NSr* over hot stoves in flnr firpal" Irnn Roil fl-f-for' RuVa
fi^ 1 II sR 1 Dn pi/rp ... c thp summer 'time, and don't try to keep UUI 111 UuL IIUII DcU Ullt*! IaS^
p^S I £<«! I afiB a*^^^** l\Ul»I\UI\ iiiaue OI your mfat and vegetables' In the pantry. , ' Sfixri
MS "OLJIJIa] )T hardwood, with cool. ? h a e a P Ar)pliances and Ice Boxes are to ° Sold only in outfib. Uva
llrt? 1 I I 1 fl rC(?Q SCilt ' till m^^^^ m^ m * m^ mm^ m^ m^ m^ mi^ m^^ m * m^^*^^ K^^ a **^*^^^^^^^*^**^*^^mmmmmmmammmmmiii^^m * fnfi A A Iron R*>H fnf fM\ IUV 1*4
HM-'^^^P^ ¦ fnrVS?^ fV^, ffiT 1 * 1^ *' ft f\ With heavy Wire MattreVs:::: $«".95
MM *--as^ "The Credit House, 233-235-237 Post Street. never haa been another offer like this ftVW 1 :
JSjH| ' ' " axad» by aay other house. Eart or Wttt. \}S1\\
H VVc cannot dwell too strongly upon the swell and complete? 1
|| stock of outing shoes we carry this season. Every possible' g
jj emergency has been provided for. Whether you want a dainty H
U torhlte English buckskin Oxford for the veranda, use at Del Y$
u Monte or whether you want a stout, high-cut boot to climb B
jj Mount • Shasta.- we arc prepared for you — whether you take- • R
fc your children to the Santa Cruz beach or to the foothills in w
| Marin County vou will find the appropriate ' shoes at Kauf- • H
ft matin's. A number of novelties made of washable leather in H ;
§ brown and gray for children and adults. that cannot be found M
I in any other store. ¦ fl
| The illustration represents a CHItDBElTS AOTJ mssrv W
S and yet as tough and durable as a Sizes 5 to 8 eo g\n a
I heavy, coarse article. Ladies ac- Sizes 8% to 11 7.7.7.*' ' ' ' *<s~*"k 9
¦ £ customed to thin, light every-day Sizes 11*4 to 2 2o*sS H
I Shoes, will find the Boot adver- S-'To H
I* t lf, ed .I; he be8t t n * most comfort- CEOSttES'S ASO MISSES' H
I .- Vi V h^. y 1 ver -Jft* Or 8aw - OKAY CAITVAS O2TOBSS OS S
i AA to E. sizes Stf to 8 .... *3.5O I^CE SHOES— Reinfoirc^d with B
1 The same Boot. 16 in. high.£5.OO tan calf, a pretty Shoe and very H
if cheap at our price: " • ¦ £|
[j liAHXES' BKOWK OS QBAT Sizes 6 to- 8 ......... V... .*1 OO I 1
l\ WASEABLE BUCKSEIIT OX- Sizes 8V- to 11 . . . > *i "k H
I TOB.D TIES — Either. for country Sizes 11% to 2 Si'^it ¦ Ej
\j or city ..S3.5U ' " "¦' ' "--' ' Jt * A *°V - »
¦ ¦ - - „ < .-_- BOYS' CAJTVAS SHOES— Rein- te
J J ULDXES' CANVAS LACE forced with tan leather: Pi
(i SEOES — Light or dark,.. .... Sizes-S to 13 and 13% to 2..81.00 §1
1 ... .81.50. S'^.OO and 82.50 Sizes 2% to 6%. ...§1:25 g
1 ' SADIES' TAW CANVAS HIGH- tyFZ&gS? 01B J l 'J& t'S B
}| CXTT BOOTS ...v. 82.50 81.50.82.00 and 82.50 W
|J OXZ&SBEXTS QBAY CAITVAS mSS^tw «o5n«' HIOK " C1TI B
1 j.- OXPO.KDS AJfp tACB SHOES: MOU3B «^n B «^ a rw*;«V wX'Ta H
m* Sizes & to-8 ...., 7fJc ¦••••.*• -"Sp.oO. 85.OO and 86.50 . H
|i Sizes 8 M to 11.. ............. HZic MEN'S B0WL1KO TENSIS H
I %Z tSli *}° 2 i,V :: i 81 -°° SHOibi; also BID?»a M
The same in white at . . . BOO?S, LBOOOT-lLarie u™ * M
Ij 81.00.^81. 25.- 81.4O ment. * m
I lTAJttPMAKl«*C I
|, good >siioa^ 1Will Present "As You Like It."
On Friday night at Native Sons'
Hall a coterie of High School maids
will present "As You Like It." The
affair has been planned by the clever
schoolgirls for the benefit of the
Library for the Blind — the meeting
place for the sightless, where . they
may read the written words of the
.world by means of pointbooks. These
pointbooks are expensive and it "is. to
secure " additional books that the
plucky, maidens have planned, studied
and worked for the last two months^
Under the direction of Paul Ger
son, the students have made splendid
progress." The tlckeUr cBst, 50 cents
and are on sale at Sherman & Clay's
or at the door on Friday Tiight. " : .
Many people bpeml dull Sundays which
might be mails more enjoyable. There Is • a.
way to do this which deserves to be widely
known. M Is to take the train of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Ry. ¦ on Saturday after
noon^ for Camp Vacation. It reaches the
••Camp" in lime for dinner. The night la
spent in a well-rinlshed tent and in a restful
atmosphero that Is soothing: to a wearied
brain. The tunshlne, the redwoods and the
Russian River keep the visitor constant com
pany throughout Sunday. Farewell Is said to
the Camp at the end of the day. and 0 o'clock
finds the traveler back in his city home.
To Spend Sunday.
Will Hold Rummage Sale.
The Ladies' Aid Society of Memorial
Fresbyterian Church will open a rum
mage sale at 526 Fourth street Mon
day evening:, May 16. and continue it
for ten days. Contributions may ba
sent direct to the store.
Within a fortnight Fischer's The
ater will reopen. Since the closing of
the house a large force' of workmen
has -been engaged in the various im
provements, which when completed
will make -that theater one of the
safest and best arranged on the coast.
There will 'be two large stairways
leading from, the balcony to O'Farrell
street and the main entrance has been
widened to forty feet, making .Fisch
er's the only house in the city with
three wide exits to the main street -
It is said that the -new arrange
ments will permit, of the: theater's'be
ing emptied of more than 1600 peo
ple in less 'than two and a half min
utes, and this will be tried during the
time the first plav is presented. There
are new parlors, cVfes and reception
rooms, and much has been d°P e ; * or
the comfort "of the $ patrons.,--' An, en
tire new, company will appear . inl the
first . burlesque. -U. , S..*'; a\yer'jv funny
piece, declared to be even funnier than
"Fiddle - Dee ' Deel" • • The new" , mem
bers are the, well' known vaudeville
headliners, Yorke , and ; Adams, 5 Ed wlp
Clark, the popular leading man of the
'.'Chinese ' Honeymoon" -company; A.
FieldB, another headllner, and -onei.df
the best known comedians"" in, the
country .'/Caroline' Hull; leading -com
edle.nne, who is a splendid actress and
a good singer; Edna* Aug. .the hljheit
salaried aoubrette in the country; -two
great dancers and; others ye.t to be^en
gaged. Ben Dillon, the popular com
edian.and Roy Alton, the tenor, twill
remain! Due notice. of. the reopening
will be given shortly and also the date
of the sale of seats. .O:'. .. — .
Old Favorites and Many New Hits to
Be Given nt the Popular /
Amusement House. • .
Interesting Programme Arranged for
the Benefit of a Local Board
of Relief.
Next Friday there will be a military
night and athletic exhibition in the
Mechanics' Pavilion in aid of the
board of relief of the Native Sons of
the Goldest "West, an institution that
has done much. to assist/ members of
the order in distress and in sickness.
The committee in charge has arranged
for a first-class entertainment. There
is to be a promenade concert, followed
by a review of the several military or
ganizations that are to take part.
Troop A. cavalry," Captain Jensen
commanding, will have a. saber drill, to
be followed by a pistol drill; there will
be guard mount by one of the com
panies of the First Infantry Regiment.
Colonel O'Neill, commanding, and a
drill by the Naval Militia, under com
mand of Captain Bauer.
The athletic part of the programme
will include a fancy drill by the prize
team . of the San': Francisco Turn
verein; scientific rope skipping by Alex
ander Pape. the champion oarsman of
the. Pacific Coast; bouts by champion
amateur boxers and wrestlers,, among
the number. Sam. Berger, who on the
25th .inst. is" to box for the world's
championship, arid Harry^ Chester, the
heavy- weight. of the, Olympics; Wil
liam Wolff, •welter-weight . of | the
Ariels, and his brother Teddy, ex
champion of his class; George Finne
gan. the whirlwind ; bantam of the
Olympics; Joe Carroll of the Occi
dental .Club,' and- Robert L'un'dy, a
clever member of the Olympic . Club.
Leader Jack Gleason and Captain Max
Rosenfeld will devote their attention
SOLDIERS AND BOXERS
WILL HELP THE NATIVES
to the. athletic part of the entertain
ment. ' ¦ • *
The music for the occasion will be
by the First Regiment band, alternat
ing with the Nav&LMilitia band.
H. H. McGill. form|r guardian of
the j person . and " estate of Henry
Hetheringrton, an aged incompetent,
who resigned when charges of mis
managing the estate' were made
against him, must pay over to Hether
ington's new guardian the sum of
$217. Judge Kerrigan, before whom
McGiU's final account as guardian
came for aprpoval yesterday, carefully
revised the account and struck out
many items claimed by McGill to have
been expended by him during his
Beven months of service as guardian.
McGill Owes Money to Estate.
FISCHER'S THEATER WIL1V.
REOPEN IN A FORTNIGHT
Cook, because the latter had already
iisued an order in the action.
George W. Merrick, who lives at 32
Fourth street^ had a narrow escape
from dealh yesterday afternoon whilo
engaged in mixing paint at 115 Shot
well street. The sleeve of his jumper
caught in one of the revolving sheaves
used for feeding the gTinder and he
would . have been dragged under the
roller, had not one of his assistants
stopped the engine. As it was he had
the skin torn from his legs and arms.
His injuries were treated at the City
and County Hospital.
Narrow Escape From Death.
Collins Writes to Kerrigan.
Attorney George D. Collins thinks
that Presiding Judge F. H. Kerrigan
has DO right to assign to a Judge of
the Superior Court a case ln which an
order has been issued by a Judge other
than the one to whom the case has
bc-en assigned. In a letter received
by Judge Kerrigan from Collins yes
terday the attorney takes exception to
the presiding Judge's assignment of
the proceedings instituted by him to
prevent the arrest of Inmates of the'
Hotel Marscano at 1129 Dupont street
to Judge Sloss. He -says the case
should have been assigned to Judge
The court reduced McGlH's claim for
pay as guardian from $350 to $175
and cut his claim for lesal services
from $150 to $50. Judge Kerrigan
also refused to allow McGill more than
$50 to recompense him for an alleged
advance of $425 made by him to the
incompetent.
rHE SAN / FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 15, 1904.
25
NEXT SUNDAY CALL..
SOLDIEKS OP MONT ST.
.. NICKEL.
ordeal through which the ex*
ftVl^rfe^HHfT&i^bK pectant mother must pass usually is
I W^nflllfiB §1 °^ su^ er i n g"> danger and fear
I^HHH^E I that she looks forward to the critical
;;;..' :hour with apprehension and dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,'
allays 1 nausea,' nervousness,* and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the «*•* " a
ordeal that she passes through S^^kS § §^/^^%9|T^
the event safely and with but |W§@HSiSa^S
little suffering, as numbers «lf M^FBBB%^B $JF
have testified and said, "it is ¦_- m '¦
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per Ep§f^flifoB^44||
bottle of druggists. Book containing tj 11 f'jn^«|[j(||5
valuable information mailed free. a S S%^MB xB
IHE BRADf IELD REGUUTOR CO.. AltenU. G*. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS
BCDBBHDaBBSEBBBBEEBBEBBSCBaEEBasaBEBBHaBEaBHBQS
I ¦.rupture; I
" San Francisco, Cal., April 24; 1994. £
s This is only a sample of our results: . ¦ 'Vr; H
* To whom it may concern: ?^vtf S
a - -This is to~ccrtify that I was a victim of Inguinal Her- a
Jg nia, and after wearing a torturing truss I concluded to try j ¦
tl the "Fidelity Rupture Cure." After eight treatments I was n
«a dismissed as cured, and have not worn the truss since the last- ¦
treatment, which was two years ago, and I have not felt the '/J
B slightest effect since. I consider this treatment one of the ¦
n greatest boons to yet discovered, and do hereby rec-./gj
¦ ommend this treatment to all who may be suffering from-BI
¦ Hernia. W. D. EVANS. g
n 1 3 19 Octavia street, San Francisco, Cal. q
g Call and sec us. ¦
g FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE ¦
a 1344 Market St. San Francisco g
nBBnnBBBBEBBBKBBBBBBBBBKBHKBBHBHBBBBBBBBBHBaB
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE gMTPO&ITTM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIXTM.
THE EMPOKIUK.
THE EMPORIUM.
Tills Is a Full Page Picture That
Will Not Only Attract Your
Attention, but Hold It.
\ We'll Engrave Plate and Print IOO Cards, How many firms <ive an /?* • 50 ne^ *" burbai J 9 ° 1 " 1 * re " For Printing and Developing finis We Charge |
; first-class work— your name in script and -printedjjn. fine 'Irondad-^money-back <i|aran- ' &%^ jjfcg^ £&** 0 1 1 M4T * Astern* to Dnr?«£%f SBOO' For printing any size up to 3#x3# inches unmounted— |
. cards; regularly $2.00 -if your order is given Q tf^ tec like the ; mporium's, If you Inl over Vt d nt *er tojou? each So 1
ah v da v this week the plate and cards for . . . *#*#«^ are not satisfied w th the pur- m * mmirw%s wr BurJIniams. San Mateo >f , ¦ . . , • A r „ .. '-, . me^ S
> On cvount cf large nuJer of orders dcteery * to j wec& cha5es you make ? ; ' —""" ' "TSl^^" Sedwood MeSc^Tni S.o Alto. For developing 4x5 or smaller sized films-dozen . . ¦ 15o |
; I -•i^^BSIS^^^AMEBICA-S GRANDEST STORE. , J
: Two Great Specials for Travelers The floor; space covered by this palatial.- Sale 5OOO Yards Body Brussels |
Ii ___ Monday and Tuesday Only t^^'^SSSSSi Ai $1.25 Begins Monday |
A chance tomorrow to get .trunk or drew o*c for vour St. Lou!, or other out-of- SqUareied. 11 lb C^Udl LU LI 1C 1 1UU1 S^cc: . . _ ., ..,,.,,, T m^,;, \ H Jfaajr—Z^ M\ '2
a^^ra SrdiHSF""^ °" h < — "" « *~ - of a building 150x175 feet and 15 stories tfirS^SK \*!Z£i kWFW4®\ I
; Fine Canvat-covered Y'*"r-Proof Painted Trunks, large brws b»n corner bump- high. ' Persian and floral designs, suitable for parlors, dining rooms, fy^^vMi!^! ii ji !^a^^| 5
»?5j!0 ''' ! '''^'« ' :^'tffi—^*ri crs brats !lat chrr -P s » lock tnd fcolt$ » two '?* ps ' Iincn - !ined » two tf*y«- ¦ • . libraries, halls and stairs— you can choose this gf^^ m^ « XMw'' p'| ISi ' >'*! iff^fflim •*
r^&^^f^mW^rrWw s*-jnch, fii.45 we .. 57.8O/ 34-inch, $13. 50 we. .5/7.00 &*% F~n <S?^a#»^ffi> <8?^ £?flf -Week and have them -sewed, lined and laid on Sb*25 Sfl ' *ff I V S?W\ $
|||Pg::||;|!j|| 3 °- inch ' iI2 ;^« 1 - < ?f^f O . . 3 A nC> /! + . S^ x ;ia 5#a6 ° 93*511 &ttOeS your floor, per yard . *P Bm **** *
;^y^;;' ; ''re J~rPfi Sole Lt«iher Dress Suit Case— Steel frame, braw lock, straps, with brass buckle., On Sale Monday Only 'fhis firicc is but 5c more per yard than the price of the best tapestry. . j«
linen-uned, chccoi,tc eraser color, the 24-inch, j6.oo.urj for the two d,y. A H S izes and widths of the hand- -aflS^ Bigdow Axminstcrs, sewed, lined and laid— yard $1.65. £n&T s lfiafi0 *
| '" ' *r»&5 some shoes shown in illustration; . W$%M —-——-— —--—-— -—-——— — —^ — —^^— — — — — >
\ Sales Dress Nets and Summer Neckwear WL Great Sales Boys' Suits and Blouses J
; : 45-inch BhcKDres.Ncls -2000 yards \ Stylish HecKwear-A manufacturer's line of nf^Lsffow French heels iJ^iii Hundrcds °^ 2 '5° $2.95 »uhs for boys Enough ot the blou.e. to make ; 5
., of best quality, in all the new ) plain lawn and net ties and stock ties, §JS Je are^^ eUing them so J%M&' to .z vc.r, of .ge .re^ included in 600 boy. h.ppy «d keep |
¦ style nets, such as Point d'Es- (.Jf%l tucked stock with dainty embroidered much below value on Monday. J^M lhis P hcnomc " !l y low P rlccd lot for 1^0^ ** 1 A/I $
: prit, Brussels, Tosca, plain ef- l/Jw and lace overcollars and ends; on sale T he manufacturer made a mis- , to-morrow's idling. Tht assortment \» if)7) tcrm; euhcr Faunt ' er0 7 or B vJlt' •?
¦ feels, etc., suitable for entire [/JkflST Monday only: ' - take on these heels and you get * G *^^ include, pretty Ruwianxind Sai:or Sum m light < J B 7mJ> Sailor styles; durable percales | * if Ij
COStumeS' seDarate waists and \ £\J ' ->Kr an A in 1 .-, the benefit Of his blunder- '1 hey Should have and medium .hades, ml new this .eascn; sizes xyi MkT^ in pretty l?ght and dark .W P e» that JL^S 5
COSTUTTieS, Separate WaiStS ana * A V 25C and 35C values 17c h^n nM rlv ll-llf ail inch hioher ***** *+l- •¦ to 9 yen, and ieTe«l broken line, of two-piece will wa.h nicely; plenty of sizes 3
;• dressy skirts; nets worth up to I The 40c values 23c been nearly halt an men rusher, fhg m S5 •u.Sindarkmixtu-ei.iuiubiefor.ehooi we.rfor to 1 year.; ,i»o «ome S oc w.k. in ' \%
; $1.50 a yard; Monday onlv. . . / 75c to $1.50 va'ucs 48c % Monday only, pair ..... . . v bj> , t % to tl ytMt all „ th . one Mnifjfm pr:ce broken rize> . to . morrow & at . . j
, ¦¦¦¦¦^^mmm^^mmmmtmmmmm^mmm^mmm^mmm tmMmmWmWmmmmwmmmmmmmmmwmmmmwmgmMmUmmWmmmw&Mmtmu^muwmmmwmuwmmMmmmmMWKmMmWfK^mm^ m^^ )^
Sale Shirt Waist Silks &OF* mj^SSiiS WeBli '$$&§*$£$$ WH Sale Novelty Wash Goods I
Four Big Specials for Monday x K &*%*% ezoti *s* jv trtur* ' v *li 25c Imported Summer Fabrics, 14c j
j An event that shou d be of interest to every vtfoman of this city. HBtiXjr m f*" That Were •p'Z&mOBJI tO m m '. hsffj A lot Of more than One hundred pieces imported J
;. New siiks suitable for shin-waist suits, for shirt waists, for street dress or Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, regular i2S. 50, 530-00, <32 50,. $35 00 and some higher priced suits up embroidered Tissue Fabrics, in dark, medium and light J
j rega:«r costume, in a variety of tasteful colorings and effects. The pick of to <40-00 each, will be offered all " (fc&fe 2i^^8 SHK ShfrC Waist Svits— Have you Scroll," bt! iped . nd neat figured effects; every J
;: this jcxsod's F roduc:ion at a saving oifrom is to 35 per cent. at the uniform price of Twenty- xlISP^ ssMamSst though: o, buying a »i k shire piece new and crisp from the makers; some of the "5
\ ShJrt Viht Suit Saks-A*ery large lot in the hteu eflrcts-checks, neat figures, .hot effectt, Hve Dollars. * 4s5^ISS| waist suit? It so, \ook ac those .^jpjtJeSt and lT10St attractive Wash fabHCS We have
\ etc. — ths kiaii 10 much in demand at the present moment; 19 inches wide: ,_, • ak« *«a • f - thown in the Other shops, then >, -• , ->i . • • • 1 «« —m
I iold ererywhere st f 1. 00 the yard; in fact we hid some of the identical good! £+ F* I he past Week brought US the %~?C yJ com- here and see our pretty thlS VCar, On Sale in mam alSle, AlOn- ft £Lf[* \
i wM S-m 1 " make " btemtins for Monda >-'» th °P? :li we hive O OSS largest suit business, we believe. • -yfosL s^Slhs, fou; * rd dre "" a r S * 2 • > ° §M anC^ Tue-d.iy only, yard mm r%0 j
I (Main Aisle. Y ••••••• ever transacted On the coast in ML //$& /nf""^^^^ «nd . ..-.-.. $f4.5O Outinj F.b-ics In bouret:e, twill and plain Chimpagne Brocades— The newest fa<J, •«
[ Ponsee SiIks-E Wr woman know, the « efulne*, nca'tne* and. ervic.abillty of F on E ee ..k. the Same length of time. Women SAX /^^ /'It If . Come here and see cur ,.ffe M ™ "& " #2^0 5
LVfal for summer gowns, wraps, jackets, children's outerwear, etc. Two items of special are rapidly learning to COme here / \\ H t\ / /« , 111 W shirt waist suit* at J 23. SO . ' / ,. , .. m-dium weight, yard 35O '3
j bttcmtf.* Monday's shoppers: for the prettiest Styles and best / Wksk M / IflJ I and . . f25.OO Unt " 'I $^~ FOt nfV.t'^ Im P orted Grenadines -In all black, and 'J
24 Inches wide, yard Toe values offered in Sin Frinnsc-o / Wm III $£O*UU waist .uits, a duplication of the hgh-priced fi,ck with whit? stripes, al» fighter efl&cn, t
31 inches wide, yard I S1.00 pn -nnr Wna ? H ( I/IT XW /YrWSk. and China Silk WaiStS- foreign m i ke 3 and just a. good yard dch in , uster , /ood i ? a .tyles and exte«ire «
C Crepe de Chine-That «o ft ,cU n g- ing ,dL,aU-silk fabric, the favorite for evening g own. or f Q^J ™ "I n^s S^t SaTe^n"' ' \f[ |jf/f W£b* T T^ £ • , " "SSS ' U^ ,
K tnLti '1 all the 1-adine and daintr coloring in the -m inch width worth ** r- last Olinaay b SUlt Sale an- v. \V J\r\,^^ \ tW?^ warts from wry large assortments. Challies- In the jatn itr'pe weave, in a good Long Cloth— A full yard wide make, cha- £
c^C-r^^/tS nouncrmsnt . that we W selected anoshw P^^gSrf&J ! T Frtsl ns. prevail. lhrou S hout this socle. a sortment of rich floral d«i S n, and color- mou finish, excellent for nnderwear. etc., X
i evenuhere Ji.oo the jard, pneed at . W«#<* hundred finc !uit$ ,nd pric.-d them »i above F ' / Th: i."mp'e Is ihown you and your 11; ing$| yard ...... /. . . 35o in n-yard pieces, piece .. $t.2O *
J- Dtper dibit Taffeta— Every manufacturer tries to produce the best possible taffcU at a given <or ip:cial sale until Wednesday night. ¦ . I / ft i$ laktn fin reserve stock, just as f di- ' . . &
i price. He rakes his repu-arion <n this fibric. We were fortunate in procurng a special lot These tuts are hmdsome voles, Pa^mis, I I '» lec'ly from the work room. WWtC FfflC LlnOnS — One Of the best that Can be made in tD18 MDriC, as «j
f Ln the most c«:rable colorings frtm the manufacturer with the best reputat on for t rT us in mixtures, chev.cti and broadcloths in such ! i I » L^iV China Silk Waists— Neat- design, insertion sheer a. moit as i chiffon mdch more serviceable and always m^^W^% 2
{ th. ccuntrj-; 19 inches wide, has a Rrmnr... a ru.tie, a finbh equal to impo ted — • fS^^ stunning »tylc« as shown in illustration^ both . /' i\ / I Wt\>. and vallacr, fxc;i:et.t value . i2. SO 2 CC a vard. but for to-morrow and Tuesday on special sale at UjfG 5
f kind* that sell at Si. 00 the yardj pr.ced here at M %JP%0 Eton and blouse effect;, manufactured within. / /' V // ' l®\ Cwv Eu S lrian Trimm:d Waists — of iinin £
' : Fvl mnfrf narw Rifofonn Event ,J^ y "'l ! ?? V •," lo ¦*! "TtJ /r*^W\ / if W *>™» "«"•". w.i.i-VokVoff,;"" Sate of Printed Baitenberg Pieces : ;
; ¦ £xeraora.nary ffinen Evonr j. r *.h-, r j^. // w w un n WM^M^mo Mom e scarfs and Bibs |
i ioc \a:urs. ... .5C 1 5 c Values 8O make a smill cha, ge for alterations if any be // / // /JLJf \\\\\\i \\H\V c ., ' J ,'/ cw ' ', . r .u t. S
*= n',cv 2U rs 7c 20c Values 120 ntcejsarj-. f /' Iv tEggfb A \\\m\ \ Bertha Effect Waist— sheer ia«n, trm- These are pieces §uitable for the cottage, the summer home. >r
t Beaming Monday your choice of tour lines of vrry pretty ribbons, thw season's ribbons, this Y-ur ressmaker cou'd not make you any &/ ( I JL-JtjlT// ' ' £ *W\\ v\v *^N med with val lace and meda loiv s and ..-••¦ me - *: m ew hen VOU don't Want VOUr nice articles CXDOSed 5
»: seasoa's aprro^ed sty.es; for bows of aU torts, at ab^ut an average of half regular one of them for double the sile price. \^J ¦£oSv*TO!!\ I %V%\^ neatly tuck :d . . . . . . 53 BO me Summer time vVnen V0U UOH I want your UILC dfULiCi CAjWiCU £
f piHcCS. ¦ jBn^mm -ffc j*l T^s^SW^^ <C^J 'if //^^mU^^ Hands-m : Chini Si k Waist for .$2*95 tO the dust and SUn. .*
i Cor:«d striped Taffeti— And P£.">n eff.cts, ail silk, 1 inch wide, tZg% S£25mSSO <===^^ t:^kI '^*/"~~ H»n -seme corded Khaki si k w. ist in gun \ speciat line of printed IJattcnberg Table Govers, center pieces [x
• Rt'-Ubltfer children', hair bows ani other purposes. ioc v.hie, sale price, yard . . «*«* y *^ . >L.^ ... . metal or new blue, t. r . . . . ' 3.25 sidehDards; the very l ateS t of thdr ClaSSJ Can be WOrked With \
t Corded Taffeta Ribbon-- ah siik, i# inches wide, just the ribbon for the ** *- - • * m, i*m •,-, mm* 'mm braids or left as they are; they come in such colors as red, blue, x
f h r^TlTA h^ Price"' valf ' Wue ' m i% UvCaier ' "^ red 7C GnOICe ¦ Ot Any Furniture Wle Have green, and will be on special sale Monday. S
I a At 20 Per Cent Off Regular Prices W^^^M^M ::::: f 6o I
i n;le, ol.ck and wkte wrJi wh.te Jots, 15c value, yard C?Cr '. .: - ¦•#• ,- »nc lOMO UlLll M/-C, CJLll VI* £
! : Striped LoiiisineRbbons-In corded effects .11 ,:ik, 3 K inches wide, white, pink, royal, If YOU NCCtf 3 COEiCtt, BuyNOW T he 18x36 inch SUe, each ltO j
.;. b u-, tu, q uoi^ t ma«, nae, cardinal, old rote and iavender, zoc va U e, f ¦ Furniture prices \\ZXQ ZXQ regularly, 1 s to 20 D^r fceist lower \\x\W those Of exclusive Momic Bvreau Scarb-200 of an extra good quality, all stamped ready
I y •'• ••:-¦ -.I*** furniture houses. Add to that saving the 20 er cent we are now d/ducting on all pur- Wl f^^^ re2 " larly , f c M each ' *£&%, I * * * * : *** ?
!; Go-Cart $2.95 Sale Hammocks chases of furniture and we believe ySu will be convinced that our present prices zre 35? Sh^fte S MondTonly . 12o i
: ye — 7— These light &1.35 kind 96g wor h inve tigating if you are need of furniture. To-day a little couch b.lk. . J 1_- ; . g
I jf ff weigh: told. AfondavOnly—Wtee^ 25° oi $5.00 Handy Couches — Cov- . jr*%&^ $40.00 Leather Covch'( like P* let - . A §3 e Iff the Important Sale Of J
) Lr-^JI ing go-cart. this style now in stock I«ts we ered ia strong t.cking, full .^S^^^^, . ure)~ Pain, no: tutted, go'- G^jseSSfV Deat Clocks ( v *
f£;:lJ with steel offer a ful colored cotton ham- length and wide to use a, a V^S?^^^^S^— ~^^^^^ ca cak.fumc v:ry coov Urapet Jf Uepi. $600MMdd «
: I MM tame and mock, with conce«-ei ipreader bd nn y^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^M toxtthc. r.o W . $32.00 Tal-eta Cushion Covers- 20 inchss Wood Clocks- >\ \\ * - I
' JaSE4 ip ring:., pC r. and P 1 ' ow , cxlri foo: bir 2nd ' ' ' ' *'* ml * u fefe^Wj^^S^^^ CO Couch— WeathercJ oak .-qaarc. tai,e. in corner, cream ? d > , A^|i/Y, ;«
; <*^Mm rLJllo* deep fringed valance, q^ $10.00 Box Cavch - Covered * name a jasta^e head. Mis- ground in Oriental and floral Q ° ' ' [j; K<^1NR 5
I" jpTg i^k on hard- worth $1.35 each for ..•#»««' with denim in any desired M^n^iromffiM^ri viT^miiMuri^m^ sion design, with large sac 1 - des-gns, 75c values, on special ha - f hom . and V\*r-^>\ .«
LdklPWffi OihcrS C to &^°' color, now . $8.00 $f d'.c bag Spanish leather cush- sae, each 49o hour, fully guar-^5^S^V $
\ f^Wnr f!JA tinned stee'i c*^ in «A. tUrZTTTl^ZZ" $ 15 ' 00 BoX Couch — C.ip- ion S now . . $52.00 Couch Covers ~ 5° '"• «» '«• ¦ rir -g- d ant " d » iV"^^^^^^^ *
f I—^IT/MW r^er & a ' e OT IVICZ.3 jiiOit p=r «nc edge, patent lift $13.50 Sola Bed Covch— $22.50 Davenport Bed $25.00 Vdour Couch — R^oco ai , around, Persian and Oriental Monday $4.87 $
I- (SF&jd Si/.' '."."' PiGtUi*eS ItC fore«y opening, uphohtcred Upholstered in satin Couch — With dox un: er- , design quhe ..urge, covered stripes, $ 1.50 «d va'o«. Jtnd $3-50 24 K Or- j
I <&— W $295 If you need pict- , in denim, now . ... . : W^&^m "* ' ' ' "I f'f* niolu Gold Clocks, only \
' others up to $ 35 .oo. ure or two for parlor or $12.00 .. ..$10.80 now $18.0 O ...... $20.00 Covch Covers- so »«. heavy 3Q of t h eS e, on Mon- .;
t r JJ . . v ** — **• +* tapestry, Oriental defigns one , • 4** q*j .5
i Toast Tablets t Ung - :oom g0 t0 the ArU The Monday and Tuesday Grocery Specials M — » ic P> in . 0m so "24 K ' bVmoiif Gold S
r i iOaST Maa.eiS Department, second floor, to- B « on .. Bm Es8:ern5U3ar cved , lb . .. 17c !ed MackereI _ Sou3ed , if spCM . mav . bc , ruir.z'.ipple eu'.ter- Regular 6=c .tone crock,, ?3->o vaue, on special nc J^O^K Ormolu UOld *
75C Kind 49C morrOW and See the latest EU- Olive O.I— Finwt Italian, gallon, $t>9 :; naif eaten hot or cold; tin 15c for the two days ...:...... .450 «ch . . $2.OU LlOCKS, Only 4U lett, On •«
;: The poplar polished br« s ebony ropean novelty. Itisabeau- B^ fiu J o :/^^ n i «- « T««-« *» ¦ f3o Tahlc Covers- 2 'y.r^s qU are, ¦ fi-- Monday, each.. S/.M £
t frame toast tabets, for dens, cozv tifully colored circle medallion, . pS«.d .' . ... 29o ?^M^^^^^&ii^ ..^bA«i^*»^ uredArmure and Ottoman .R ; p p he Art NoUVeaU French J
f ...... ' with <*old mat and bra c S chain Tea--Eitra uncoWed En 3 -ish Br^kfast or Oolong, rami.y Blend Corfe*.— Worth 30c lb. . .2Oc Geneva Gli- Red Cro-s, Urge bottle .. 83o weaves, green and red co onngs. p Ptni«h Plnrlr^ %
|. corne»,«m 9 king»ddining rooms. tn Vnna itVm ht Th^c^rV 3 P°«"<«» • • • -.$1.00 Paraffine-Be* quality, two .-lb. ? k g t....2So Duff Gordon's .herry-Imp.rted- .,, ¦ « 2 . ? o value, spccial.each y -r V ? >'OCkS J
»' each tabet hiving engraved on if to hang it up by. The assort- Castile Soap -Impo: ted, Urge bars .. . 22O Corn-B«: Western Su.ar, tin. .... tOO Rrguiar $t.eo botte. .. .. .75O * ' \ Tr . , . beautiful in deSlgn, ZT J 3|
* . . ° , ment includes many new effects Pearline-x lb. pickge; 3 pickages. . ..25c Corn -E.ura quality Maine, oth»rs i;ii J_ - Regular $+.oo gallon-. . .45 3miO - Cottage Rods— White enamc, wnue ticrir u/nr tmon<:hin x
s «ome chsractenstic popu.ar toast, J T , Hunt's Fruits -Ema 3 -:b. tins, packed in heavy at 20c; our P rice,doz., $1.65g tin.F5C Hire's Root Be«-Ca bonated, 3 bottles.. 2So . m «a. ends, brass hook for bracket, 11 S I 1 C WOT K mdllbnip, £
never before sold under 7 ?c each . T, + • V , - V V , «yru ? , full assortment, r:gu!a'ly 3 oc>; Mon. Colonial Cre»m F akrd O.ts-Package. .'.#„© Hirers Rco! Beer— E«r, c r,, S b\»ttes ;. . 2SO Mnr ««r lone value I CC SDecial WCTth $2.^0, On ?P?CI 3 1 'M
) • , ,, \, II' worth twice the Special Mon- d af and Tuesday, - tTozen, $2.8O; ~j. Pure C.ne S/rup - Orange Bossom, h.lf gallon Champion Whiskey- Gal on, S2-4C tot. 75O r «« I 0 "?' value ! 5C, . »P«jal ¦„,.' M * ' 'l,. $« f C .«
; specia. Monday on.y . . . 4Q C day price.' Each. . . . .11c tin ......... . . .... 2H-C -tin . . . '. ..... 25o Yellowstone ' Whiskey <- Full (Ja>&^/^O;1 price . . . . . ... . • 11o Saie i\10n. OniV . 9M.M9 .%
i I I -__ ¦¦¦•¦* ¦-¦ - • - - ¦••• • - ¦ - .-- - - -..•-.-. f
:**'** A 'A'+A'SM*. '«4'«Vt«'4 '-lie 'A* A A A 'A'*'* *'<s:a '*<*'£** AAAAAA AAA*<R**AAAAAA AA'AAAA AAAAAA W*W«W4 '«°AW*"A A*AAAA AAAAA'A *4AAA«i*AA*A"«* **W**'* A**'*'*"* W*WA'* A.\AAAAAAAA*AAA W4' A "AA A'A-AAA'A °AA'AWAA'AVA?A'A*1* A'***'** **?****Torpedo-Boat Destroyers Return.
SAN DIEGO. May 14.— The coast de
fense monitor Wyoming and the tor
pedo-boat destroyers Paul Jones ' and
Preble arrived here, to-day from Pan
ama; coming direct from Plchlllnque
Bay. Their future movements are de
pendent upon orders which are ex
pected to be delivered here from "Wash
ington, f •'>,•/»'
Seniors .Celebrate at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 15.
This was the second day of the senior
celebration. This morning' the bacca
laureate sermon was delivered by Rev.
Bishop' Daniel' A. Goodsell of Chatta
nooga.Tenn. On Monday the class will
meet and lay the brass plate with the
numerals "1904" on it in the floor of the
facade in front of the Memorial Church.
The senior ball will be given . in San
Jose on Monday night." and the prom
enade at Stanford on the following
evening; •
Kj jHANFORD, May 14.— Y. Ogi. a Jap
anese, who killed T. Kono, another
Japanese, March' 29, has been found
guilty of murder in the second degree
and recommended to the mercy of the
court.
HANFORD, May 14.— Articles of in
corporation of the Central California
Honey Producers* Association were filed
to-day. The corporation will build a
warehouse here and establish a uni
form system of grading, packing and
marketing.
Honey Producers Incorporate.
A fund of $1500 is being raised to pro
vide perpetual care for the graves of
the Presbyterian missionaries who
were martyred at Pao-Ting-Fu in the
Boxer outbreak of 1900.
It is a curious fact that the countries
of the tallest and the shortest peopli
of Europe — the Norwegians and thi
Lapps— adjoin each other.
Will Instruct in the Gymnasium.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 14.
Royce R. Long '05, who has been an as
sistant in the gymnasium at Stanford
for the past two years, has been ap
pointed head of the gymnasium force
at Vanderbilt University, North Caro
lina. Long will pursue his medical
studies there along with his work in
gymnastics. He has been very prom
inent in student activities at Stanford.
Twentieth Session Will Attract Dele
gates From Over Pacific Coast
to Tills City.
The twentieth annual session of the
Pacific Coast Conference of Unitarian
churches of the Pacific Coast will be
held in this city at the Second Unitar
ian Church. Twentieth and Capp
streets, ' and the First Unitarian
Church, Gearj^ and Franklin streets,
from May 17 to May 19 inclusive. Del
egates from all over the coast will be
present and important matters per
taining to the government of the
church will be discussed.
The bulk of the work of the con
vention will be transacted at the Sec
ond Unitarian Church. One session,
that of Wednesday evening, will take
place at the First Unitarian Church.
Addresses will be made by prominent
ministers from all over the Pacific
Coast. Sessions are to be held morn
ing, afternoon and evening and the
delegates expect to transact much
business of • importance during the
convention.
UNITARIANS TO GATHER
IN ANNUAL CONFERENCE
Salvationist Falls From Grace.
SAN JOSE. May 14.— Walter Love,
a former member of the Salvation
Army, was arrested to-day on a
charg^ of obtaining money by false
pretenses. Love has been going about
the city representing that he was still
a member of the Salvation Army and
sums of money. He is said
"*to have collected more than $100 in
Bums ranging from' 10 cents to $1 50.
The specific charge on which he was
arrested is that he obtained money by
false representations from Mrs. T. M.
Wright of East San Jose. The com
plaint is made by Mrs. E. J'. Plum
stead before Justice Benson. Love
was dismissed from the Salvation
Army a short time ago. In default of
bail he is in the City Jail.
Bishop Foes had departed from the
committee a legal vote was taken and
by a majority of the 167 members
present and voting decided to continue
his name." . ' •
The conference [ then proceeded to
vote, and when the ballots had been
collected and placed In the hands of the
secretary, Bishop McCabe declared the
session adjourned for the day. A ma
jority of the delegates accepted an in
vitation to Join an excursion to River
side.
OIL MEN OF KERN" RIVER
ARE PREPARING A PROTEST
Object to Proposed Discontinuance of
Rural Free Delivery Service by
Postal Department.
BAKERSFIELD, May 14.— The, oil
men of Kern River are circulating a
monster petition to the Postofflce De
partment protesting against the order,
to discontinue the service on the rural
free delivery route to the oil fields. The
order .was received two days ago by
Postmaster Edmonds and takes effect
on the evening of June 1. The route
is the only one in the United States
supplying an exclusively business com
munity and handling the mall of large
corporations. It has more than paid
for itself and the receipts, have been
greater than those of many first-class
postofflces. The inability to keep trust
worthy carriers at the rate fixed by
law— $50 a month— is the reason given
by the department for its action.
COM3IERCIAIi TRAVELERS
• ELECT NEW OFFICERS
Oscar Boldemann. of San Francisco' Is
Chosen to Direct the Affairs of
tbc State Organization.
SACRAMENTO. May 14.— The con
vention of the United Commercial
Travelers of California elected the foN
lowing officers this afternoon:
Grand secretary, Oscar Boldemann of
San Francisco; grand treasurer. H. H.
Mayberry of Los Angeles; grand con
ductor, F. W. Boynton of Los Angeles;
grand page, Andy Hampel of Sacra
mento; grand sentinel, H. B. Gettle
son of "San Francisco; executive com
mittee, Joseph Muir of San Francisco
and George F. Logan of Sacramento;
delegates to the Supreme Council to b«
held in Columbus. O.. James B. Tread
well. L. A. Maison, A. S. Abbott; alter
nates, A. C. Boldemann, H. L. Judell
and H. H.Yerlngton.
Deputy? Supreme Counselor I*. A.
Maison installed- the officers for the en
suing year.
DISMISSES MANDAMUS
IN ELECTION DISPUTE
State Supreme Court Sets Aside De
cree of District Tribunal In
Colorado.
DENVER. Colo., May 14.— The State
Supreme Court to-day 6et aside and
vacated the writ of mandamus issued
by District Judge Mullins, which or
dered the election commission to de
liver to-day to the election Judges rep
resenting the Democratic and anti-
Wolcott Republican parties the ballots
and other supplies for the election in
this city next Tuesday. In the argu
ment attorneys for the Springer Re
publican ticket contended that the pur
pose of the mandamus was to allow
the election Judges to get the ballots
in time to write them up and stuff
the ballot boxes before the polls open.
OPPOSES THE REBUILDING
OF THE EL CAMINO REAL
San Jose Grange Does Not Believe the
State Should Bear the Burden
of Exj>en«e.
SAN JOSE. Mar 14.— The San Jose
Grange is opposed to the building of
the El Camlno Real at State expense.
At the meeting of the grange this
morning the construction of the road
way was discussed. It was the sense
of the meeting that as the proposition
of rebuilding the road sprang from
purely sentimental motives, and that
it would be of no practical benefit for
freight, as it paralleled both the rail
road and the ocean, the expense would
not be warranted. It was contended
that the people of the counties out
side the territory of the road would
not vote for 'the proposition without
they could get appropriations for
roads and highways within their own
counties, and as a consequence the tax
upon the people of the State for road
ways would become too heavy a burden
to bear.
LOS ANGELES, May 14.— The Meth
odist General Conference to-day per
formed one of its delicate as well as ita
most painful duties. It retired from all
active participation in church work five
of its venerable Bishops. They are
Bishop Edward G. Andrews _ of New
York, Bishop John M. Walden of Cin
cinnati, Bishop John H. Vincent of Zu
rich, Switzerland; Bishop Willard F.
Mallalieu of Boston and Bishop Cyrus
D. Foss of Philadelphia. - •
The ballot on the retirement of these
high officials was taken at noon to-day,
and "while the result is closely guarded
and will not be made public until the
tellers report to the conference next
Monday morning, it can be stated with
every assurance of accuracy that those
above named will be placed on the
superannuated roll. The committee on
episcopacy, whose duty It was to con
sider, this Important matter and make
recommendations to the General Con
ference, did not include the ' name of
Bishop Foss among those to be retired.
It stated, however, that the question of
retiring Bishop Foss had been consid
ered bv the committee and that, after
hearing a statement by that officer It
had been decided to continue hia name
in the effective list. It wat thought
that this explanation would result In
Bishop Foss' retention as an active
general superintendent, but It is learned
from reliable sources that the vote In
favor of Bishop Foss' retirement was
more than two-thirds of the accredited
representation to the conference. The
vote on the other Bishops ranged from
500 to 600 In favor of retirement. The
conference also accepted the request of
senior Bishop Stephen M. Merrill for
retirement.
DRAMATIC SCENE PRESENTED.
The action of the conference to-day
creates six vacancies In the Board of
Bishops. Tlrese. together with the two
resulting by reason of the deaths of
Bishops Ninde and Hurst during the
last quadrennlum, makes necessary the
election of eight general superintend
ents by the present conference. It Is
also probable that two additional mis
sionary Bishops will be chosen.
The scene that preceded the ballot
ing upon the retirement of the aged
Bishops was dramatic. At the mo
ment when every one expected the
conference to adjourn for the day, in
order to permit the delegates to ac
cept an invitation to go sightseeing,
Dr. J. M. Buckley, chairman of the
committee on episcopacy, arose and
asked permission to submit the report
from a committee on the subject of
superannuated Bishops. There were
Immediate manifestations of surprise
among the delegates and for the time
being all thoughts of adjournment
were abandoned. Dr. Buckley made
his way to the platform amid intense
silence. Facing the assembly, ,he
paused a moment and said slowly, and
impressively:
"A man in my position at this mo
ment is to be pitied, but I am only
doing my duty." ¦. ¦
He. then proceeded to read the re
port of the sub-committee of the com
mittee on episcopacy, recommending
the retirement of Bishops Walden,
Mallalleu, Vincent and Andrews, amid
the closest attention.
BISHOPS ARE RETIRED.
"The report of the sub-committee of
the standing committee on episcopacy
having recommended the placing of^
Bishops Willard F. Mallalieu. John M.'
Walden, John II. Vincent And Edward
G. Andrews on the superannuate list,
before taking action or engaging in
discussion, a committee was appointed
to confer with those Bishops and to
invite them to communicate their
views in person to the committee. This
they did at such length anfl In such
manner as they'thought best.
"During the discussion which sub
sequently ensued the condition and
prospects of Bishop Cyrus D." Foss
were taken into consideration and the
committee took a tentative vote' upon
his retirement and invited him to a
special session, held for the purpose.
He appeared and made the communi
cation requested. The committee after
four hours »of consideration, in which
more than fifty of the members took
part, giving information from all parts
of the work at home and abroad, pro
ceeded to vote by ballot upon the
question of effectiveness of the Bish
ops whose names are mentioned in
this report. .The. result was that the
committee recommended that they be
placed upon a superannuate list, to
take effect at the close of his General
Conference, and Instructed the chair
man to move that they be so classi
fied." .- • >
Dr. Buckley then read a further re
port of I the committee , on episcopacy
reporting as effective the following
Bishops:
¦John W. Hamilton/David H. Moore,
Earl Cranston, Charles C. McCabe,
Daniel A. Goodsell, Isaac W. Joyce,
James M. Fitzgerald, Charles H. Fow
ler and Henry W. Warren, and the fol
lowing, missionary Bishops effective:
Francis W. Warne, Joseph C. Hartzell
and James M. Thoburne.
PARLIAMENTARY OBSTRUCTION.
Upon the conclusion of tke reading
of the report Dr. Buckley asked for
Immediate action -by the conference.
A motion to adjourn was promptly
voted down. Motions to lay the report
on the table, to extend the time to
allow a ballot to be taken and a fur
ther motion to lay the motions upon
the table* were successively voted upon
by the conference, and, notwithstand
ing the injecting of every other par
liamentary -obstruction, the way was
finally cleared and Dr. Buckley was
given the floor.
"Am I awoke this morninr, "he be
gan, "long before daylight, after hav
ing retired at 2 o'clock, two passages
of the Scriptures came into my mind,
as if they had /"been sent there. The
first waa from the Old Testament: The
days of our years are three score years
and ten, and If .by reason of strength
they be four score years, yet Is there
strength, labor and sorrow.' And. the
other was from the New Testament:
'He must increase, but I must de
crease.' •
"It has been Intimated this morning
that this matter was progressing un
der a species of gag law. .
"Mr. President, the committee, on
episcopacy consists of 256 members;
men selected by the laity and the min
istry of their conferences. When the
vote was taken upon the report of the
sub-committee, which recommended
the retirement of Bishops Walden,
Mallalleu, Vincent and Andrews, a
tentative vote was then taken upon
the vote q,f Bishop Foss. Two hun
dred and twenty-four members of the
committee were present and the small
est vote relating to the superannuation
of these beloved men canie within two
of being twQ/»thirds of t'ke whole num
ber and several of the votes passed the
three-quarters mark. In all the de
bate there was not an unkind word;
in all the debate no controverted sub
ject was introduced, nor was there
anything said which could not have
been said if the subject of it had been
present.
"This is the situation: If the episco
pacy of our church can be managed
with, all of its diverse and complicated
duties by men averaging above 70
years, and the majority of them aver
aging a higher rate, and If these per
sons take a contract of four ' years,
then the episcopacy cannot possibly be
so .important as it is generally supposed
to be.
DICTUM OF A BISHOP.
"Brethren, the destiny of the young
preacher, the destiny of the old preach
er, turns upon the dictum of a Bishop.
The memory is the first great faculty
to begin to fail. A man may stand and
preach like an angel at 85, but he can
not take on new matter and do any
thing of a serious character requiring
the memory at 85, unless he be a prod
igy, and legislative bodies do not leg
islate upon the principle of prodigies,
but upon the great average of human
nature. It has been said that the man
who talks about retiring a Bishop is a
cruel man. I have never talked about
it. All that I am doing to-day I do
under orders. To no man on the com
mittee did I ever name the men to be
retired. With no member of any com
mittee that I have appointed have I
conversed during the entire session in
connection with the matters that . are
described in this report. "Wherever I
knew that anything had been said that
I could clear up in favor of a- Bishop,
I spoke to the committie about it. That
is all that I have done!
"Let me say there is no Bishop in
this assembly, there has been no Bish
op in this assembly since James and
Ames died, that I have not had the
honor and pleasure of voting for. These
men are among my best friends. They
have been my advisers. The General
Conference officers, my brothren, are
never superannuated. They are simply
left out. If you want to get rid of them
vftte for some other men. Not so with
persons who hold a life estate. There
fore when a BishoD reaches a point
when he is too feble, then wisdom and
the. best interests of the church demand
that he be retired.
"The circumstances now apply. Ami
if you do not retire these Bishops :it
this conference you will not retire
them at any future conference, and
you will have aged men in all the
centers of church activity. Having
failed to take action at this time,' you
will at future conferences fall 'back
on that plea of the weak and the se!f
defensive — the time limit."
BISHOP FOSS INTERRUPTS.
At this point Dr. Buckley was «n
terrupted by Bishop Foss, who rose
from his seat on the stage and asked
whether the conference .would grant
him. permission to put a question pri
vately : to Dr. Buckley. There were
cries from the floor of "Let it be
granted/' vBlshop Foss rose; from his
chair on the stage and coming to the
edge of the platform, whispered a mo
ment with. Dr. Buckley, who had al
ready replied that he would gladly
listen to the question . if the , confer
ence were willing. | The white-haired
Bishop and Dr. Buckley stood and
whispered together inaudlbly while
the great assembly watched in abso
lute, silence. It was- a dramatic mo
ment. ' ...- . . . .-;¦-* ¦ - . -;*',',':,!.i':: ¦
. i . Bishop B^)sa turned, walked slowlv
back and resumed his seat. Dr. JJuok
ley turned*and 'faced the confers we.
"I feel." he. said, "that it is entirely
within the bounds of . propriety that I
should state to the*; conference the
question- Bishop ; Foss asked me and
the- answer I gave. He. asked me
¦whether a legal vote on his retirement
had* been taken In the committee after,
he had appeared before that body and
¦spoken in response .to- its invitation.
I . replied in the afflrmatiyeVv. Vt Jtor
Dramatic Scene Preceeds the Balloting Upon the
Question r of Placing the Names of the Several
Venerable Ecclesiastics on Superannuated Roll
METHODIST CONFERENCE
RETIRES FIVE BISHOPS
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY . 15, 1904.
Found Guilty of Manslaughter.
REDDING, May 14.— After; being out
twenty hours, the jury In the case of
George W. Callanar, charged with the
murder of Adolph Garman at Keswick
station, ¦ March 22, 1903, , brought in a
verdict of guilty of maslaughter. The
defense will move foranew trial.
Blacksmith Is Badly Burned.
SANTA ROSA, May 14.— Victor New
man, who Is ernpioyed In a blacksmith
shop/at Windsor, was the victim of a
peculiar accident to-day. While en
gaged at work a spark from ,the forge
fell on his back and set fire to 'his
clothing. He was severely burned be
fore assistance Reached him. ,
26
Millions who were sick — like you, perhaps^ — -
are well to-day because of Liquozone.
The first bottle free; will you try it? ,-. V ||
I More people use Liquozone now cess cannot be held in the'blood. Dy»«Juiry^Di2rrhi*' l^rSa— SyShiiu
, than use medicine. Yet thousands In the making of Liquozone we get Dandruff— Dropey stomach Troubles
' still use drugs to cure germ troubles thc virtues of 1250 cubij: inches of the : i>yep«psia Throat Trouble*
-to do what drugs can't do. If you gas into one cubic inch of liquid. The 'gSS^SrfcS 1 . ~ T^mow-ufctr.
are one of them, won't you let us buy gas is derived in large parts from the Goitre— Gout • varieoc«i«
a bottle of Liquozone and give it to best oxygen producers. The process 1 *" f w^wm^fv-".'! 1 , .
you to try? of making takes 14 days. The result is fl^Jnfuon"" i^t^lJ^ntlVi^ 1 [fc
"^'l^'l a wonderful product, Stable and con- eases— all the results of Impure or poisoned
We Paid $100,000 centrated, holding all the virtues of w E\ ervoil . debnity L « qU oi one act. „ a
For the American rights to Liquo- th . e « z$ ' 1 l g0^' nt ? thc e blo ° d ' to S° vltalUer ' "compiuh.nr what no dru,. can do.
Is &£&$&& £. S B !5sr " si!r ™ 1 5 ? c Bottle Frce -
Tlierc is nothing else known which X1 Jf " ifj?",?*" !•*«*„,.. *u n '> If y° u need Liquozone. and have
will do that. Any drug that kills But Liquozone is. more than a never tried it, please sepd us this
germs is a. poison, and it cannot be- &$&&£ Oxygen is Nature s great- coupon . We^will then.-inail you an
taken internally.- Medicine cannot de- SSSSSSSS^S^S^l^ order on your'local druggist for a full-
stroy the cause of a germ trouble. Wlth which n ?, oth , er no . wn f pro^" ct size bottle and we will pay your drug-
Liquozone is so certain that we pub- czn com ?*\ c - Itnot only destroys- the gist ourselves for it. This is ouf free
lish on every bottle an offer of $1006 caus . e , of th . e ge ,wi. troubIe - but .. K>^. made to convince you; to show
for a disease germ that it cannot kill: ?. u ' c k ! y "^7^^ Vnn/*?^ wlu ? what L^ozone is and what
The reason is that germs arc vege- thc ¦»««•«» have done. It ogives to can do. Tn justice to yourself, please
tables, and Liquozone-like' an exefss «very organ just the help that xt needs. acccpt ; t to-day, for it places you un-
of oxygen gas— is deadly to vegetal Germ DlSCdSeS. der no obligation whatever.
a re; yet to the humar .body it is the f^J^ g^gj^ "^ J" r *e« CUT OUT THIS COUPON I
most helpful thing m the world. the germs> and such rcsu , ts are ind; _ thl . on>r » no t rf Fhl
Acts LlkG Owffen rcct and ""certain; Liquozone kills oi 0^ fco ?. «s!««i^35!*^. cwcSS 1 "-
x-vvvj wm^ w/ij^v,*.. thc germSf they are, and the - . : ...
The value of Liquozone lies in the results are inevitable. By 'destroying My d '»««»e '¦ • ...
fact that it does what Oxygen- does, the cause of the trouble it invariably I h*ve never tried Liquoione. but jfj-ou win
Oxygen is the nerve food, the blood- ends the disease, and forever. - eupply me * *°?. boltl * free l wlu . uk - u -
food, the scavenger of the. blood.\ It irj^lj :„.„,. Hay Fever— mnuenxa V
is thc very source of yitalityVthe m<m £rSlT. Anea5ia . ' ' - ' • ""::"
essential element in life. Ther* wouM w^* , Pol *? n i.euccrrhe* ••••: :
be no weak nerves, no impure .Wood", ...SS?, 1^^.. . SXTrtESSiiKi. I — S' '- WMM
I1O inside germs if WC CO'jld get into' Couch»— Cold» Many Heart Troubles - C14 Give full address— wrlta plainly. ¦
tti^ f»lr>i-»«1 an fx«^« nf oxvctn Utlt Ccinufflptlon ' J*ll»«— 1'neutnonla ¦ . • — . '
IMPORTANT REDUCTIONS
Now in effect on spring and summer goods t in every department. In
our announcement to-day you will find some wonderfully low prices,
which mean a great saving to those who come-
DRESS GOODS. , SUITS, SKIRTS and WAISTS
Main Floor. . Second Floor.
ENGLISH OXFORD CHECKS— ; TWEED WALKING SUITS—
Four different size checks, in Eton style, fancy trimmed with
• navy blue and white, also black silk braid and shoulder capes.
and white The material is wool Regular $20.00. Special this
and mohair, the width 46 inches week tf»-| 5 *7C
'and the regular price 50c OCr» iplO.lJ
a yard. Special this week. CiDK*
CHIFFON ETAMINES-The all- ALPACA WALKING SKIRTS-
• wool silk finish quality; very Tailor stitched at bottom .and
-hecr. plain, fancy boutonne trimmed with straps of same ma-
and lattice weaves. The width. " tenaK' Regularly $5.50. Special
43 to 45 inches; all new colors, &h w« k f-; V$ 95
including black and cream. ReR- . •••••* 4 J * / »
ularly $1.50 a yard. Spe-QC c L AWN WAISTS— Good quality
cial this week 7^W lawn, embroidery trimmed front,
FANCY SCOTCH TWEEDS— fu n pouch sleeves. Reg- QC^
Tans, grays, navys. browns, some ularly $1.25. Sale price. . /Jv
in thc new mannish effects, some
in brijrht colored silk knob ef- CRASH OUTING SKIRTS— Tan
fects. Width ,>8 inches. Regular colored; trimming straps of same
price 60c and 75c yard. I. Q n material and pearl buttons. Reg-
Special this week f»Jw ularly $2.25. Special^ «••• CA
ENGLISH MOHAIR ALPACAS this week •pi.UU
— Deep fast black, navy, oyster ..^unf ¦¦*»• n nnnnn
gray and new blues; a heavy iron HOUSEHOLD GOODS.
frame weave and a very lustrous .
silk finish. The width is 52 inches lhird *loor ;
and the regular price 85c C() n LACE CURTAINS— 150 odd pairs
a yard. Special this week. JV^ which we n close out at
FANCY GOODS, One-Third Off.
First Floor- Qne Qr twQ o{ a kind onIy>
LUSTER TAFFETA RIBBON— Great variety of designs and
For neck'vear. sashes, etc.; width grade?. Prices from 55c up to
4 inches; all the leading $21.00 a pair,
shades. Regularly 25c. -I P/»
Special this week 13C PILLOW CASES— Size 4.<5x.^6. j
I INEN CENTER PIECES— New inch _ he . m - Regularly asc Q^
ro.e design, circular, patterns, 27 , "ch. Special this week. . 7^
inches diameter. Regular ?C« ECRU SCRIM— A novelty with
boc. Special this week.. JJt rcdj grcen and white inse rtion
LISLE GLOVES— -Reine" lisle stripes. Regular 12HC a -I Q^
gloves with double ' finger tips. yard. Special this week. lOw
We guarantee them to wear and
replace them if tips wear through BED SPREADS— The full double
before any other part of the width sift in Marseilles patterns
glove. Regularly 75c a Cf)/» in white only. Regularly QO^»
pair. Special this week.. JV/C $1.25 each. Special /Ov
~ TWO SILK SPECIALS -For Mondaj and Tuesday Only.
COLORED TAFFETAS— The strongest known fiber, warranted
not tr> crack. The white, ivory and cream will wash. This is an
opportunity to get splendid lining silk at a great saving. hQ(%
Thr regular price is 75c a yard. Sale price i/t
PONGEES — New arrivals; 27-inch natural pongees. Some plain and
some in small broche effects. Regular 65c and 75c a yard. Cf)r»
Sale price O\J\,
ADVESTISEIOENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BORAXOLOGY
Everybody loves ( truth. Boraxology
is the truth about washing and washing
dean. Truth is a good deal like
BORAX— it comes in small packages*
But if you know the label you can tell
the real article. .,:¦[ .--.¦•'
B When you buy BORAX look for thr
20-MULE-TEAM LABEI^-hts a guar-
antee of true BORAX. Sold by Druggists'
and Grocers, % ]/ 2 and Mb. packages-
.^^"*aty Mulo Team— Our Tr»d» Mark. ¦«.
We want YOU to recom- I
Ij 1 ?- ' r 1 [Sterl^L^r^W mend us to your friends*
!Plii> ! We want Y*OU to be so I
drijSK l JH ? ' 5lS thoroughly, satisfied with your §
iM^^^L^&^m^' purchases and the treatment re-
(¦PiP^W^rl cdved that y° u CAN do so and
H^^p'W' |\J WILLcbso-gladly.
¦Fit 'IIm V 5£ = $5.25 jm^
MWWM W J I f llUmgi^ We'll send a •+'^ #fcJ^ markably sood one
fl lllilnfill Hr /'» 1 'I ' .Mfc*K«Hit3flgft \i . , -Heavy Angle Irons across th« head
H|f/W/ Wi I ' I |11HT'V<hIBi \ man Wlth S and foot boards; rails and ftitntiui'
SHU il 1 \\Vw x Wtir \ ples of coverinKS ""• as 8troas " th0 " of any bedla
8/11 If ' /' I 1 17 IW *¦ to * iye y0U an DouWe size only. In black and rold-
Wmll Jji I *J estimate. No mall or telephone order* accepted.
k3 Ch >\ \m j Uk ZiOS CEAIK— It's
H rnnnT.i<s «t»at . . <S kDvJ* f u? a very pretty
B if* 4 f\f\ m.zHSlZlilr' i^TJ" .__.«.w fn»T>T-r. chair now and will
Q \l LI I I EOOKBB— An ex- gH * nn LIBSAET TABI.E — * . ,.„-„ nrfttv chair niter it
H J)l»/l/ tremely pretty VA /K Made of polished quarter- w! *I.7Xh u S r ,.f^i:
U M** #xw pattern. graceful Jl\J m O sawed oak. shelf below. "as seen much use— it s roada
¦ in design and restful to sit in. ~ fluted legs, wide drawer. wiJhiv nniiah^ fnmM with
vk Comes only in mahogany finish. The top Is 24x34 inches— large enough "if „!* £^i „£ rrames - wlln
m Picture is accurately drawn— for writing and to hold the reading lamp T»«hni«»prprt £ - m -n nat.
H . only, the rocker is very much and plenty of books at the same time. terned velours
I yfrnail Jf&ffhoS^w acieK' No mail Or telephone orders accepted. So mall or telephone orders aee^pte^ ' |
1 Nearlv everv va- S 1 0O.0O BXTTSTHE fl
h Nearly every va &* y | * W> & 5| &T rTJKmiTTJRE for 23
m cant dwelling in San K rA *t& % I E£a Vi U |BUgg roua booms — Com- W
8 t^ ¦ • v j • Enk. f*JBa Eli) JT " A * ErLo Ps SI M plete: Richmond rar.s^ 63
a Francisco is listed in Kq Cm Eg^gcj |. I I ES and all. • W
n our free renting de- W^ ur tm^mmS^nHuSiu^^[i~.^J^JaJi^si^tmt!i^& Worth half an hour £i
0 K^fT^*^HwPy^y|*tf*^y**^g|3|^SpyEFy\jf _Hy Trfr^^C^jglPf *~*f your time to s*** it in tJ
H paxtment. HiTliiii'P WiTniM-CaBaLfcwBiiwSiti— o^— Alrf.^yJ^^-Jft^iP^rjyi t^ ir mnd"l cottage at Va
pa Saves time and B^^r^L^w^rrPj^ifefgfl 1 i^ our ftorf*. ?|
£3 . Ka a I EL 4L njy Df . il Jl m 1 VG^rfiS^^Fw%^Bw^r^?^i^A Y^U RT*^ '1^11*^1 V P I
B worry when you are . g %^ J^^PH kt T ' 1 t w i w nR 61 ¦ J i L fj[j3^.tirJ«-iljIJB cone when you only J4
hBL. Vousc-huntinsr. tBi '^* : * j t if rt* 'r>m>v * tV i i^ n?rHT^^^"^™^"^^^^^^^^^^™^ come to look around. |c
ADVERTISEMENTS.Forty-sixth avenue and I. street, to M.
A. Hoffman; 50x107:6 feet on the east
line of . Forty-seventh avenue. 50 feet
north of K street, to M. W. Moody; 25x
120 feet on the west line of Forty-sev
enth avenue, 150 feet north of L street,
to A. Sehmitt; on the east line of
Eighth avenue, 223 feet south of H
street, to D. G. Hanchette; on the west
line" of Forty-seventh avenue, 175 feet
north of L street, to C. M. Adams, and
on the east line of Forty-sixth avenue.
100 feet north of I street, to A. L. Ad
ams, for $S50.
turn; $7 05 from Sacramento and re
turn, and proportionate rates from lo
cal stations along the line. After the
sale the excursionists will be returned
to Reno to remain over night. The
excursion train is booked to leave
Keno Sunday morning,, to give the
visitors an opportunity to enjoy the
daylight ride along the Truckee River
and Sierra Nevada Mountains, arriv
ing in San Francisco Sunday evening.
The excursion tickets are available to
return Monday morning to holders
who desire to remain.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction
properties of the Hlbernia Bank- on
Monday, May 23. The payments will be
only one-flfth cash. Among the proper
ties to be sold are a'flfty-vara lot on
the north line of Washington street,
137:6 feet west of Mason; 50x100 feet,
with' building, between Market and
The following sales have been made
by Sol Getz & Son: Lot 75x110 feet on
tHe, east line of Thirty-sixth avenue.
225 feet south of J street, to C. M. and
R: W. Goodhue; 25x107:6 feet on the
east line of Forty-seventh avenue, 25
feet north of K street, to J. Quinn;
82:6x100 feet on the northeast corner of
Mission streets; Market street lots be
tween Noe and Castro and Sanchez and
Noe streets: premises on the west side
of Mission street, between Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; others on Valencia
street, on Point Lobos avenue, on Sev
enteenth avenue and on other streets.
One of the stores and a part of the
second story in the new building owned
by A. Aronson, at the east corner of
Third and Jessie streets, has been leased
to Henry Hilo, through the agency of
Bovee, Toy & Co., for $27,000 for the
term of five years.
The northwest corner of Montgom
try and Merchant streets has been sold
by John Rosenfeld's Sons to a client of
Marion Leventritt, with three-story
brick building, for $60,000.
Through the agency of Davidson &
Leigh the northeast corner of Jackson
and Balance streets has been purchased
by Charles M. Volkman from A. P. Ho
taling & Co. and George Leviston for
$18,000. The properties together have a
frontage of 77 feet on Jackson street
and run back with a uniform depth of
Henry Myers has sold to John L.
Haskell the northwest corner of Vallejo
and Laguna streets, with Improve
ments, consisting of six fiats, for $35,
500. The brokers were Florin L. Jones
& Co.
Lyon & Hoag have sold to Hugh
Keenan for the Baird estate 150x137:6
feet on the north line of Haight street,
118:9 feet east of Masonic avenue, for
$17,000, to be improved with eighteen
fiats, and have bought in -conjunction
with Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. the
south corner of Seventh and Natoma
streets, 25x75 feet, from Catherine Aud
mard, for $18,000, for Thomas W. Cor
der, who owns the adjoining properties
on both sides. On the frontage now
owned by Corder, which amounts to 75
feet on Seventh street and 125 feet on
Natoma. Corder will erect a four-story
brick building for stores and rooming
houses to cost $100,000. Lyon & Hoag
have already leased for Corder a part
of the building for $900 a month. Lyon
& Hoag have also made sales as fol
lows: Three flats and lot 25x96:10%
feet on the west Eide of Clayton street,
50 feet north of Waller, for $11,500. to
M. J. Olsen;. for Gahin E. Knicker
bocker and John G. Barker, for $8500,
100x85 feet on the north line of Freder
ick street. 28 feet east of Wlllard, ex
tending to the park.
Through the agency of Speck & Co.
H. W. Higgins has bought from Mrs.
Carrie B. Wirtz 27:6x120 feet on the
south line of Ellis street, 220 feet west
of Larkin street, with three-story
building under lease for five years for
$300 a month. The sale price reported
Is $40,000.
Bovee, Toy & Co. have purchased for
a client a block of land bounded by Fif
teenth and Sixteenth avenues and Lake
and California streets for $35,000. The
property will be subdivided for sale.
Through the agency of the Von Rheln
Real Estate Company the Commercial
Hotel property, on Montgomery avenue,
has been sold by the Bradford Invest
ment Company to Mrs. Henrietta Sten
feld for something more than $160,000.
The present rental Is $16,720 a year. It
is reported that for the second time
this year the monthly sales • of this
company have amounted Co more than
$350,000, irrespective of auctions. Among
the properties that have Just been sold
are the following: House and lot 25x110
feet at 2245 Van Ness avenue, for $8000,
to Caroline L. Parker; lot 55x120 feet
on the north side of Halght street,
east of Octavia, for $12,500, to A. J.
Clunle; southeast corner of Geary and
Broderick streets, 25x96 feet, with old
buildings, for $5500, to O. Anderson; lot
27:6x87:6 feet on the west side of La
guna street, south of Page, $3250, to
William Wolf; lot 50x135 feet on the
west side of Dolores street, south of
Liberty, for $1300, to the Golden State
Investment Company; lot 41x100 feet,
with stores and flat, on the south side
of Union street, west of Octavia, for
$5000, to J. S. Ho well; lot 22x82 feet on
the east side of Sanchez street, south
of Twenty-fifth, for $3000, to S. F.
Hayes; lot 32x68:9 feet on the east side
of Church alley, north of Broadway,
with improvements, for $3600, to Jean
Burr, and thirty-six lots In the two
blocks bounded by Clayton, Cole and
Frederick streets and Parnassus ave
nue, for $51,000; residence of the late
Richard Gray and lot, £3x300 feet, fac
ing Guerrero and Twenty-fifth streets
and San Jose avenue, to J. Rolph;
southeast corner of Hyde and Pine
streets, 37:6x62:6 feet, to C. Kissling, for
$27,500.
VARIETY OF DEALS.
The star feature of the realty mar
ket during the last week was the sale
by Mrs. Oelrichs of a great share of her
real properties In this city, including
the Lick House, the Bella Vista, St Da
vld'a lodging-house and a variety of
business holdings, altogether amount-
Ing to more than five acres of realty in
the business heart of San Francisco, to
a syndicate for $2,600,000. Apart from
this great deal, which was put through
by Thomas Magee & Sons, there have
been comparatively few transactions of
note In a week. Some of the larger
deals are reported this morning. The
inquiry is a little quiet, due to the com
ing on of summer and also to the at
traction of the St. Loula Exposition,
that is drawing many persons eastward
for the season.
James Spieker will erect a four
story frame structure on the south
east corner of Devisadero and Califor
nia streets at a cost of $20,000.
The work on the handsome building
erected by E. J. Le Bueton at Lake
street and Fourth avenue for the Lit
tle Sisters of the Poor has been about
completed. The. home for the aged in
the building will not be opened until
July.
The church structure to-be erected
for the First Christian Science Society
on the southwest corner of Scott and
Sacramento streets will cost about
$100,000.
Edmond and Roger Lyons will ex
pend $25,000 for the construction of
a distillery building on the south line
of Harrison street, between ' Fourth
and Fifth. y
Easton, Eldridge & Co. report in
quiry concerning their excursion " to
and -auction sale at Reno. "A special
Pullman train leaves San Francisco on
Friday evening, the 20th inst., at 8
o'clock, due to arrive in Reno on Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock. The
property to be offered for sale is th*
depot tract, immediately adjoining the
extensive improvements of the South
ern Pacific Railway at Sparks, or East
Reno, where an investment is being
made in Improvements of more than'
$1,500,000, including the erection of
the , largest roundhouse west of Chi
cago, car shops, machine shops and
division headquarters. This means the
employment of more than 3000 people
at this point, with a disbursement of
nearly $250,000 on the pay roll each
month. The Southern Pacific Com
pany has been concentrating its shops
and division headquarters at this
point for the last year and matters
now are beginning to take proper
shape for the conduct of extensive
business from East Reno. The round
trip excursion ticket has been placed
at $9 55 from San Francisco and re-
The C M. Wooster Company report
the following sales that have "been
made by the company in the last three
weeks, assisted "by J: B. de iarnatt &
Son of Colusa, for the Sacramento Val
ley Land Company: To Mrs. M. H. H.
Farrar, twenty acres, $1600; Mrs.
Charles L. Irons, 64.05 acres, $3364 50;
L. B. Spencer, 64.05 acres, $3364 50; H.
S. Edwards, eighty acres, $4000; Charles
H. Trautman, forty acres, $1600; Dan
iel A. Hendrie, 7.60 acres. $760; E. S.
Riley, six acres, $300; Mary A. Jellison,
twenty-four acres, $2400; James Mal
lon, 13.72 acres, $1372; C. W. Iliff, 10.01
acres, $1001; Jesse P. Lyon, 120 acres,
$5950; Vesta L. Dayton,^ forty-four
acres, $2000; Finley Hearn, eighty
acres, $6800; W. C. Allen, forty acres,
$3000; and J. Adam, 96.63 acres, $8063,
a total of $45,575.
Lots at Palo Alto were auctioned by
the C. M. Wooster Company as fol
lows, the total being $41,800: To J. F.
Parkinson, J. W. Paulsen, C. C. Os
tredo, A. L. Ostredo, Mr. and Mrs. J.
B. Lieb, Miss Ethel Lieb, Miss Myrtle
Lieb, W. H. Hanson, Mr. Sonningsohn,
Mrs. S. Edwards, Dr. A. E. Peck, H.
C. Bowie Jr., C. H. Blum, J. C. Robin
son, J. Y. Ayer, Mr. Morris, E. A. Het
tlnger, C. S. Drowning, Mrs. M. R.
Haines, Sheriff Mansfield, D. C. Dibble,
Mrs. H. C. Finkler, Thomas Galnford,
W. J. Close, Mrs. J. L. Berry, George
M. Young, Mrs. Martha Gordan, J. E.
McDowell, O. W. Dunn, C. M. Wooster,
E. B. Towne, V. V. Harrier, J. A. Huff,
George B. Moore, J.' B. Eliot, H. L.
Upham, A. A. Bentzlen, H. Oswald,
Mrs. Pomeroy, Mrs. G. H. Ostrander,
J. H. Graves, Mrs. Huey, Mrs. J. Lib
by, Doroville Libby Jr., Mrs. J. Shelby,
A. R. Gilchrisfahd Mrs. C. E. Gil
christ.
LAXDS IX INTERIOR.
Sales have been made as follows by
G. H. Umbsen & Co.: For William
Schehr, the property at 40, 42 and 44
Baker street. 27:6x96:10% feet, for $10.
000; for Mrs. Swasey, lot 75x100 feet on
the south line of Halght street, 50 feet
east of Ashbury, for $9000; for Joseph
Leggett, lot 34:8x125 feet, irregular, on
the northwest corner of Thirteenth and
Devisadero streets, for $4500; for J. H.
Daley, lot 25x114 feet on the south line
of Liberty street, 260 feet'west of Noe,
and improvements, for $3150; for
Charles Katz, lot 20x60 feet, and Im
provements, on the north side of Pa
cific street, 57:6 feet east of Hyde, for
$2C00, and for Dunn et al., lot 120x120
feet on the east side of Thirty-fifth
avenue, 120 feet north of C street, for
$500.
Recent sales by Ganco, Gunz & Co.
have been as follows: For William
Spiegel, residence and lot 25x12.5 feet on
the west line of Hartford street, 118:3
feet south of Seventeenth street, for
$4000; for John M. Day, 25x125 feet on
the east line of Walter street, 218 feet
north of Fourteenth, for $2250; for Al
len E. Acheson, 25x80 feet and residence
at 5 Tremont avenue, for $2900; for Jo
seph Groelll, 20x40 feet and improve
ments on the south line of Sacramento
street, 40 feet west of Stockton, for
$2400.
E. L. Fitzgerald, 11. Montgomery
street, reports the following sales for
the last week: House and lot In Lorin,
from Miss T. E. Nelson to George B.
Taylor, $2500; eighteen lots in Rose
Lawn Park, Claremont, from R. M.
Fitzgerald to R. A. Perry, president of
the North • American Dredging Com
pany, $8000, on which Me. Pery is soon
to commence the erection of an Eng
lish cottage at a cost of about $20,000;
two lots in same tract to Edward S.
Huff, $1000; two lots to J. M. Darms,
$?00; three lots to R. Peterson. $1400;
two lots to A. H. Marks, $900; ninety
lots on Hopkins street, Berkeley, from
Miss M. Jarvis to R. M. Fitzgerald; for
$10,000; ten acres in Claremont, from
A. B. Hammond to J. S. Ford, for $15,
000; twelve acres in Claremont, from I.
M. Clarke to Charles Butters, for $10,
000. Owing to the building of the elec
tric line on College avenue and the lo
cating of the Country Club at Rick
Ridge Park speculators and homeseek
ers are seeking investments in this sec
tion.
60 feet to Gold street. On the lots a
three-story and basement brick struc
ture, to cost $30,000, will be erected.'
Morris Lewy has bought from -Louis
Friedlander^SxlW feet on, the east line
of Webster street, .87:6 feet north of
Post, with improvements, for $37,000.
Eliza A. Devln has' leased the build
ing that William Wilson is erecting at
Market and Fourteenth streets. The
aggregate rental for a term of ten
years is $70,800.
HOUSES AND LOTS SELL.
Other Deals of Week Are Comparatively Trifling,
Although Some Are of Very Good Size and Are
Indicative of Firm Buying of Income Earners
MARKET'S STAR FEATURE
IS THE OELRICHS SALE
THE SAN - FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 15, 190#.
27
jstsastfiriST To-Morrow's Bargains WU1 1 wm be the largest
morrow. This will be the *** Department Store
os^ beautiful l Attract Many More l^ of^^
For Women and Children. $1^1* StyleS ill. MatcWeSS Array Of w Some Unique Novelties.
Bathing Suits and Caps. r "¦¦*%• %mr =1 — 7T^ Women's Fancy Goods.
yt or >ose who enjoy Moderate Price Women s Garments, ijandkerchiefs and
J- 1 this pastime and are pre-" » /E are making no distinction in the garments in this de- 11 " b^ 1\
paring for their summer \A/ par tment. Every one is included in the- great Expansion aTall for th/m To
IfwSli 'rStsire all W S °™ I" ° Uf ?& Ts ° f SrOw ™<*« ll
\ery welcome, i ne suits are all our Ilew spring and summer stock; many have just been un- „•-?« ft f «nm^ vwv n»ttv m^
first-class material and work- packed— direct importations from the East. You are welcome X «™v^r« T^c
manship and our prices are t0 them all. The extremely low prices make them very desir- 10c each -Fancy handker-
very moderate. a^j e | rj on 't delay in inspecting this stock; you will be sur- chiefs that are so much sought
$1.:£;s — Bathing suits for prised at the values. after just now, used for making
CHILDREN, made of good qual- tatt nci?n cttttq chtptwakt«1!TT<! kimonas, pillow covers, bathing
ity Jersey cloth and trimmed T « A - I^9 RED K ?y I JJl S ' SH » I 1 R^ '^oZl' ivftlflhiZ ca P s ' laundry bags, wall pockets,
with narrow white braid and but- *«.4» and frll.Oo- ?l-..5O_Sicilian shirt ,£ shad / *J 24 inches
tons in front. Navy only. Ages This lot comprises over Wa j w R R uar *. They arc iA Oriental de-
4. 5 and 6 years. Worth $1.50 150 suits; the styles and a " d , pO? " f r Sh J P n H signs on blue, red and white
«...>-- \\rrwivr\--c J ,- colors are so numerous «5s95®^ plaids. All are hand- _ r >., in j e W'r.rttT i-r
?.Uo_WOMENS bathmg that it is impossible to somely made. The skirts pounds. VVorthi 3 c.
suits made of Rood quality bril- dcscr ibe them. There CfBy&f^ have full sweep, neatly • RIBBONS,
liant luster that will not crock. arc no three alike . Reg . gfm®^' tucked and kilted cffect - ,? a rr yard ~7 BeautItuI 5-inch
They are navy blue, trimmed with ular $ i S>00 to $25 00 r\VE^K\ Regular $20.00 values. all-silk taffeta Lomsme ribbons;
narrow cotton soutache braid. su j ts 1 WV\e»\S] to J?O.O."> plain centers, in all desirable
Very full skirts and are buttoned ' J Many other choice styles shades, with Persian stripe I inch
down front. A regular $5.00 $1-*.S>.» — Over 100 fJ^^^f in navy blue, gray and wide on both edges. Suitable for
value. . suits in German voile, (•T/Wv black prett'ily made millinery trimming. Worth 35c
. ¦ etamine, fancy mixtures WJ 1 and ornamented; worth a yard.
, Expansion Sale Special. g^^^g^ Wj ASU SKIRTS Expansion Sale Bargains.
New Spring Trimmings. SSScJd^hSSSi « Jfif _tS SS^SiSS Swell New Art, Goods.
WF liave com*. ,m,,cMoll r th u ft C - e oo a ? d <t, l ™ ny • M/t V^i of wash skirts in the city T"^ VERY house-
k. have some unusually sell at $25.00 to $30.00. JW I i to selectfrom. Thev H keener is on the con-
fine bargains in trim- $1J>.73 and '*22.5O- JJM ft \\ //TJ are in all the new choice JL-rf f- P ,i 1" 1 " f >«, v?S
mings. The prices in —Gives you your choice W M\ W/J^ colorings and designs, « nual lookout lor little
each line have been carefully oi l8 9 beautifully tail- Jw/ I vf£^^ including black. trifles that add so much to the
1 .1 it' * ored suits in a bic va- O^/ V rv&^^ 82.J5O up to 9"««'* > "— Home
and greatly reduced, so that . ?££ su of s ! col a or r a V n a d %k^>P^ A fine showing in wash Bureau SCARFS
every one is a money-saver. styles,- made by. expert . "-"^^kta- suits in very stylish 73c a set _Bureau scarfs with
«>c anil 12i/c <-, vnrM Aho,,t workmen and finished *=^ patterns, including pin doy i ies to matc h; made of Swiss,
va"l of fite Liswr^ cam P erfect Y' Hardl y a ">' ' checks novelty mixtures l8 i nches wide and v / 2 yards
5090 varas oinne awiss and cam- t o a ke and w hite. i on _ ith three-inch ruffle all
bnc fancy edged insertion with r»wirR«: AMn wATVTMtt cvtrt<? - long, wun inrce men riune an
,1-iintv- pmhrniAorcA Afi\<rn- frr> m DREbS AND WALK1NU bft-lKli. .... around. Some have small dots,
fhree ouarters S in i c l ,1 2 l.»5-One hundred high' grade German voile and etamine black oth ers coin size dots. They have
!nr1,r - xvMe Thev ",r „«• I dress skirts ».» a lar S c variet y of st >' les to ° numerous to describe They been rcduced from and
inches wide. They arc used ex- f beauties and will be placed on sale Monday, Tuesday and Wed- $I 2 ,
WrT'waistT W Regulfr eSS "c and « e^- They are regular $ I 6. S o to $ 2 o.oo values. ? DOYLIES.
shirt vxaists. Regular 20c and $;;.4R_ Two hundred and fifty pretty Sicilian walking skirts, made of 33c cac h— 18-inch Tambour
f>%o?«rf:bc u varrl Fmhrr>wl^r V extra quality Sicilian; seventeen gores, lap seams and kilted bottom. Usual doy ii es , m ade of good quality of
&s^m^SitisV^^^MrSl value SS.50. * SHIRTWAISTS. lawn in open Renaissance de-
nnre i»ffpr't« Worth inr to ?nr a SJ)c«— About 1000 beautiful new lawn waists; worth $1.50. There are signs; round or square. Worth
yard. also thousands of otlier styles to select from at a saving of about one-half. 50c.
Special Stress Upon the Variety of Smart Millinery Within Limitations
These Dress Goods and Silks, of the Most Moderate Means>
EVERY line that has been broken into during the heavy HE success of this department has heeen marvelous this
buying of our Expansion Sale has been replaced with 1 season. The sales haye been increasing right along and
new goods. We have secured several small lots of silks * everyday old customers are here buying other hats,
and dress gopds that h'ave been made into specials, and to-mor- Our workmanship is perfect and the materials guaranteed in
row you will have your opportunity for them. The prices are every instance. Our prices, as we mapped out early in the
low; variety great. season, have been and are the lowest.
BLACK DRESS GOODS COLORED DRESS "GOODS. TRIMMED HATS.
:*le a yard— 38-inch black al- 03c a yard— 45-inch French For §6.98 Reduced from $10and$12.
paca; good luster; reduced from twill, embroidered in white dots; T • t u /^M^^'irv*
45c' Comes in navy blue also. just the material for shirt waist Black mohairbraid hat Tg0gZ=0^ _
"4Uv a yard— 45-inch iron-frame suits. Comes in navy, cardinal finished with fancy jet:
alpaca, a double "faced cloth with and black, also white ground with trimmed with plume and I^^^Ss-
silk finish. Worth 69c a yard. black and blue dots. Worth $1.25 bandeaux of pink roses.
5Sc a yard— 44-inch black voile. a yard. " .' Worth $12.00. . - T^^g^^^^W^^^^A\A\.
a wiry line mesh; cannot be * 75c a yard— 56-inch navy zibe- A beautiful French sailor ""^ :^^^^^^^^^^^^^^r^%,iV
told from the French goods. line cheviot, for skirt.-. Very o f Tuscan braid trimmed V/JS^rodP^^^^!^) l« : - ' V^ >
Worth 75c. much in demand for outing skirts. i n pastel shades of green 3 'f /4\\-^
<»O<? a yard— 42-inch black di- Regular value is $1.25. and pink. Valued at $10.00. v^ i lv '
agonal. silk finished, heavy twilled -*>c a yard— 36-inch etamine. in A | ian dsome white ma- ; 'hC
material for skirts and coats. navy blue, cardinal, reseda, gray, line and lace hat finished /T^^&^^D-' ! "~> ' '¦' "h " ' '"
Regular 85c value. royal, cadet, tan and black. Regu- wjth wrea th of white June / lP " SgS&$&^ f'lll}, * ' ¦ ''
CREPE DE PARIS. lar 5OC f l uallt J- roses and ivy foliacc. 'A V '& •'.' j '
jpi.OO a yard— Crepe de Paris, SILK. $12.00 value. r jJg&Sl&h&'i' '^'y
a great favorite for summer wear. <»)<• a yard— 27-inch black taf- ?....>N_ [rimmed chit-. < si^^fi^'^*-'
This is an excellent quality and feta; guaranteed. This silk has ton hats just made up t^P^?*.^ ~^- S>
comes in mode, brown, mousse, never been put on special sale for They come vv black and yg^z^j&y
reseda, cardinal, lilac, navy, gret, less than 85c a yard. We have white. only and are worth W
black and cream. Worth $1.25. about 500 yards. . / ' . $700. fir
' Bargain Fe^uTeT j Rare Opportunity for Some Leading Specials in j special Attraction.'
Women's Slightly Soil- Pretty New Wash Goods. • Domestics. Some Numbers of Cor-
ed Muslin Underwear. , *t* his is the season for OME pfece of bedding sets Not* Made Now
W" E have found in our S P r etty, dainty summer or toweling is required « ',
muslin underwear dc- skirts and suits. If. you at all times in the well 30c a pair— We have 250
partment many gar- can get the materials at right kept home. At our prices pairs of well-known popular
ments that have been soiled prices you will buy at once. these specials will help to " R. & G. corsets in colors of
f^P^phl E H x! fe^^C^edfew^ -complete the equipment of ** e bjjck and^drab Thg
pansion Sale there has been f^^^ZcoloS LitM^fm'' man y homes ' length and short hip, that conje
such a tremendous business gggjg f "n Udren's drcsscf etc 4Rc-Heavy double bed sheets. in sizes 18 to 30.
here that customers and clerks ! S2"a^rdf SSk percafes^naVy 12^e_Good pillow cases. 45 , Thesc K corS « S SC " ?^ ] *
have mussed and soiled many > fe fe ou ; ds with sm J { b 36 . 4:> for 50c, but the manufacturers
1 r C Ar V W? rLSnt vr?v dots or » cat n^ ires - !t is a ful1 ISc-Good pillow cases. S o by ™ not making these particular
underwear. We cannot very . • , c n me have a few im- 16 numbers, and we were offered
well place them in our stock s^ve have marked the *t.2r>-Heav y bed 'spreads; the lot at a small figure. Thev
with fresh goods so we have , , , t t t]lis , ow ice ; Marseilles patterns. «* J« st as good- as the regu-
dccided to place them on the ¦ ¦ lar price corsets and the styles
bargain tables and cut prices. I fej^^ft^. are all the latest. Inspect them
They will be offered at ONE- TttSj ' Monday and you will not be
THIRD less than the regular H| 1| v *\ disappointed.
For Travelers-SuitCases jS $j g^fl Mil^i^l^ Household Necessities and
Ea traveling bag can be atwavc dw t a t>t f 2Oc— Wash boards; regular 30c
found in our big base- M AU ' A1!> SUABLE , value,
ment department. i^ 1238* 1250]MARKFT ST 4Oc-Iron boards; worth 65c.
4 -inch blue canvas suit *^<3O r^OV^X^JClVIL X O I.Jones 58c_Galvanized washtubs; reg-
case, leather corners, brass lock ...... , .. ; . .. , .„ . "lar 75c value.
and extra straps. AJ1 shopping inducements that made this store popular are still here. 2Oc_Clothes driers; worth 25c
Bathin:
ft BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
TO LET FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED.
tfv'l HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
_L / TIONS WANTED, HELP WANTED. AND A THOU-
MM S A N D OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED-
r>'r?_> PAGES 41 TO 47 INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
ALL WOMEN
Who wish to retain or regain
their health must see to it that
functional regularity is estab-
lished. This is an all-important
question and the wise woman will
resort to Hostctter's Stomach
Bitters at the first symptom of
any derangement, because she
knows it always gives prompt re-
lief. Pains in the Back, Bloating,
Vomiting, Headache, Indigestion,
Dyspepsia, Fainting Spells and
Sleeplessness are all danger sig-
nals which require the* Bitters.
Try one bottle.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
R ad way's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful legularUy.
For eun of 'all dlnonSerj of Stomach. Liver.
Bow<I«,Kidneys, Bladder. Female Irregularities.
SlckH»adache.Blllousnets,ConctIpatlon,Pllei und
all derangements tt Internal Viscera. 25c box.
At £rujtfl*U' cr by tnalL Had way & Co.. N X.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PBAGERS
PBAGEBS
PBAGERS
PBAQEHS
ADVEETISEMENTS.
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
(0 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO
Afljolalar Call BnUdlaff.
l^kl 0 /luO
fPff f T '*' >\l» m
mBFjt: * .'#*"'¦ a|Km m
PATENT LEATHER LACE
WITH FRENCH HEELS
There 1» reason for our increas-
lnc Shoe business. People don't
boy from u» just to be rood fel-
lo^ra. but because they are given
values. We sell Shoes cheaper
than they can be bought else-
where. We make this assertion
very often an'd we prove it every
time. For lr.stance^ — Ladies' Pat-
est Leather Lace Shoes, with dull
kid tops, this season's style of
plain coin toes, pliable soles and
high Frenth heels. AT THE SPE-
CIAL PSXPE 82.35 A 7AXB.
Slses 24 to 7^. Widths A to D.
¦Where else can such a bargain be
found?
04 0 C
BLUCHERKID OXFORDS I
This is a seasonable time for B I
Oxford Ties, and we carry the best 1
selected stock in this city. This H |
week we offer Ladles' Blucher Vici E
Kid Oxford Ties, with neat toes E
and patent leather tips. Cuban m
heels and durable soles that are HJ
.Sruaranteed for wear. TEE PHJCE H '
SEDUCED TO 81.35. Sizes 24 H
to 7H. Widths BtoE. B
I p5c I
A BIG REDUCTION
Nolhirif? looks neater on a child
than a Patent Leather Shoe, and
we are now offering parents big
bargains. Infants' and Children's
Patent Leather Button and Lace
Shoes, with dull kid tops, coin
toes and . tips and hand-turned
Boles.
Infants' sizes, 1 to 6% 75c
Child's sizes. 4 to 8. with
spring heels OOc
IV \\ $|iUu
M \g ¦
WHITE CANVAS BUTTON
We have a. complete line of
Canvas Shoes and Oxfords for
•Men. Women and Children. Let
us sell you your Outing Shoes and
we will save you money. The
above cut represents a Child's and
Misses' White Canvas Button
Shoe, with neat toes and tips, solid
soles and spring heels.
Child's sizes. 6 to 8. TOR ffl.O.%
Child's sizes. 8^& to 11 AT $1.25
Mitses' sizes, 11 % to 2
SOLD rOB 81.50
Will Interest You !
Ladies' Tan. Pepper and Salt or
Drab Canvas Oxfords, with coin
toes and military heels.. SI. OO
Ladies' Checked Linen. Brown and
White Canvas or White Canvas
Oxfords, with coin toes and tips
and Cuban heels 81.225
Ladies' Coolie Cloth Oxford Ties,
with coin toes and tips, aeratlne
eyelets, turned soles and French
heels 81.35
\ EEWD FOB ILLUSTRATED
CATALOGUE.
B. KATSCHINSKI
*\ Philadelphia Shoe Co.
_ ft '/"".
10 THIRD ST., Saa 7raa.dsco.
±. — __
markftSt! Vf%B8^
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
l&talogue and Price Listi xtialldl
. en Application.
rrCSX A2TD SAXT MEATS.
II C RAVPC Jt m Eb'PPlo* Butcher*. 108
JAj. DUICJ tt \A). CUr. T«L Mala 13»*
OZZ.S.
LUPWCATDCO OILS: LEONARD & ELU3.
V* Frost >U 6- 7. Phont M*in 171».
f» C. fiUGQESt fill £&nsema cC. S. CTACOMA. May 14. — Tyee Dick, a
noted Indian of the Puyallup tribe, is
dead, aged about 85 years. 'He was
present at the council with Governor
Isaac Stevens in 1854 and 1 eloquently
advocated' the signing of the Medicine
Creek treaty, when it seemed in doubt.
Death of a Well Known Indian.
GENOA, May 14.— George M. Schil
ling, who left New York seven years
ago without even a suit of clothes on
a wager of $25,000 that he would travel
around the world on foot and return
within seven years 'with $5000, has ar
rived here and promised to be able to
reach New York before August, when
the time limit set by the wairer «r-
Globe Trotter Wins a Bet.
LONDON, May 14.— There is much
gossip concerning heavy gambling at
bridge ot a certain set in the House of
Commons. A young Conservative mem
ber recently lost nearly £25,000 while
playing with fellow members. Bridge
is prohibited within the precincts of the
House, though It is still Indulged in
occasionally. The heavy Ioes of the
young Conservative is declared to have
occurred In a private house.
Loses Thousands at Bridge.
Frank N. Turton. who served a.s
quartermaster, sergeant in Company
K of the First Volunteera
and who had occupied the same rank
in Battery A of the First Battalion of
Artillery, died at the German Hospital
last evening:. Turton made an en
viable record during his service In the
Philippines and was shot, during u.
battle' on' the' Island of Luzon. The
111 effects of the climate and the bul
let wound were to a great degree re
sponsible-for his death. Turton lived
with his: mother and a brother at 5
Mayre. terrace. He was born in Hono
lulu twenty-nine years ago. The body
will He in state at the armory of Bat
tern A at 815 Ellis . street from 2
o'clock this afternoon until Tuesday
afternoon, when the remains will be
Interred In the national cemetery at
the Presidio. . - ' - » -
California Hero Is Dead.
A boy can be civilized, but then he
Isn't a boy any longer.
LONDON, May It.— John Larkins,
aged 75, has just led to the altar a
blushing bride of about 23 years. The
bridegroom's present to his wife was
his will, which he handed to her in the
vestry of the church at the conclusion
of the marriage ceremony. She i»
named as the inheritor of his estate.
Wcddinc Present His Will.
"Johnny is a very imaginative
child." said the fond mother. '"But
Willie is more practical. When Willie
decides that he wants anything he set3
out to get it."
•I have noticed that difference,"
answered the unfeeling bachelor.
"Johnny sings 'I want to be an angel,'
but Willie smokes ' cigarettes and
skates on thin ice." — Washington Star.
A curious thing about the discovery
is that it was due more or less to an
accident. Mr. Allen had some horses in
his establishment which were suffering
from carbolic poisoning, and he asked
for oil to be applied as an antidote.
It was only when the effects were
found to be so unexpectedly success
ful that it was discovered that It was
turpentine that had been administered.
A few days after a blacksmith who
was unconscious from the effects of
carbolic poisoning was treated similar
ly, with satisfactory results.
Recently a well-known chemical ex
pert in Dublin tested the efficacy of the
antidote on a dog. A dose of carbolic
acid was first administered, and when
all the ordinary symptoms of carbolic
poisoning had been developed, oil of
turpentine was applied, and the dog
recovered within a short time.
LONDON, May 14.— The recent dis
covery by Mr. Allen, a Dublin veteri
nary surgeon, that ordinary turpentine
is an antidote to carbcUic acid has
aroused great Interest.
Recent Discovery of Dublin Veterin
arian Successfully Tested
on Dogs.
TURPENTINE ANTIDOTE
TO CARBOLIC POISON
Mrs. Kate Amelia Briggs, wife of
Arthur R. Briggs, died in this city
last Wednesday evening:. She was a
woman of genial temperament and of
acute and penetrating intellect. This
had been assiduously cultivated, owing
to persistent ill health, which for a
long period kept her in her hotel,
when* reading- and reflection were
largely her solace. Her mental charms
were known to a comparatively small
circle. Her traits have been likened
by discriminating fripnds to those of
Elizabeth Barrett Browning. While
Mrs.. Briggs' literary gifts did not flnd
expression in verse, those who were
favored with her corraspondence saw
in It evidence of familiarity with and
assimilation of . the thoughts of the
best writers. Tb,is>- was particularly
true of Emerson, of whom she was a
close student and an ardent admirer.
' Of a kind and charitable disposition,
Mrs. Briggs made it her duty and
pleasure, as far as her health and
means would permit, to care for many
to whom fortune % had proved unkind.
Grief is felt by many because of her
dedth.
Sudden Death of a Grocer.
SAN JOSE, May 14. — A Coroners
inquest was held to-day on the case
of Hans Steengrafer of San Francisco,
who was found dead on the Almuion
Qui.-kf liver Company's ranch last
night. Steengrafer owned n grocery
ut Fifteenth and Noe streets 5n that
cPy. I.'taUi was caused by heart <l»s
r:tsf.
MRS. BRIGGS
GOES TO HER
FINAL REST
"Dear Sir: The subject of my gradu
ating essay is 'The Missouri Mule.' I
should like to ask you to send me the
map showing the surplus products oJ
the State last year."
How sensible are Missouri girl grad
uates! Instead of chotrsing 1 for their
essays "Beyond thf> Alps Lies Italy"
and such foreign topics, they choose
the State's most distinguished home
product, that wbicfa has enriched the
State and spread its fame far abroad,
even unto the plains of India and the
kopjes of. South Africa. The example
of the Mlsso-uri girl is worthy of emu
lation, as one best calculated to stim
ulate civic pride. — New York Globe.
The chief clerk of. the Missouri State
Labor Bureau has received the follow
ing letter from a Missouri miss of a
county seat town:
Vnique Subject for Girl.
Harry G. Selfrhlge Leaves Marshal
Field to Engage in $5,000,000
Enterprise.
CHICAGO, May 14.— Harry G. Self
rfdge, general manager of the Marshal
Field & Co. retail store, has bought the
business of Schlesinger & Mayer. Self
ridge will conduct his new enterprise
under the firm name of H. G. Self ridge
& Co. The price paid was 55,000,000.
MANAGER OF STORE
BECOMES PROPRIETOR
His eloquence carried the day. The
treaty ended a long and disastrous sc
ries of battles with the whiter :n
Washington and Oregon.
Dr. CarradJne Aualn at Work
Dr. B. Carradmc, the well known
evangelist, who has been preaching
twice each day since May 6 at Penlel
Hall. 4 3 Third street, failed to put in
an appearance on Friday evening, but
hit place whs filled by Mrs. Ferguson,
The head of the Penial mission work.
The strain of preaching twice each
day at 2:30 and 7:30 p.\m. told some
what on Dr. Carradine's phj-sical pow
ers nt)d It was thought advisable that
rie should have a rest. He was at his
popt yesterday, fully recuperated, and
v.ill continue the meetings to the end,
preaching twice each dav.
¦ ? •
I'ltouNands \Vat<-h Funeral Cortrce
LIMA. Peru. May 14.— Over 50.000
persons on the streets and from the
baU-onies Slid roofs of houses witnessed
the passage of the funeral cortege of
Preeidert Candamo to-day.
WaldfVk-Kous»4*au Improves
PARIS. Mav 14.— Former Premier
Waldeck-Rousseau continues to im
prove. Unless new complications de
velop it i« honed that he will be able
to leave Paris shortly for the countrv.
Woodmen's Anniversary.
ban Francisco Camp of the Wood
men of the World will celebrate the
second anniversary of institution In
Native Sons* Hall to-morrow evening
by a vaudeville entertainment, to be
followed by a dance. There is to be
an up-to-date programme of musical
and literary numbers, including a
farce by the San Francisco Dramatic
Club.
Claims He was Held Up.
Joseph O'Connor, who resides at
2426 Guerrero street, applied at the
Emergency Hospital yesterday morn
ing for treatment for several contused
and lacerated wounds on his head.
He^ raid he had been held up by two
men at the corner of Broadway and
Stockton street.
Jury In Ames Case Disagrees.
MINNEAPOLIS. May 14.— The jury
in the case of former Mayor A. A.
Ames, on trial for bribery, was dis
charged to-day after having given
forty hours' consideration to the evi
dence without reaching an agreement.
OR6VILLE, May 14.— A number of
mining men visited Oroville to-day and
were escorted through the dredging
district by representatives of the vari
ous companies operating here. A drive
was taken down the easterly side of
the Feather River, the party going
aboard the dredge Lava Beds No. 2.
Luncheon was had at the dining-room
of the Feather River Exploration Co.
on the west side of the river and the
afternoon was spent in investigating
conditions there. A dinner was tendered
the party at the Union Hotel to-night.
Former Senator A. F. Jones acted as
toastmaster. Among the party are
Senator Charles Belshaw, president of
the California Miners' Association; H.
P.. Stow, vice president, and E. H. Ben
jamin, secretary of the association;
Senator Ralston, former Attorney Gen
eral Tlrey L. Ford, H. H. Yard, W. H.
Rice, E. C. Voorhees, Colonel Heuer of
the United States Debris Commission,
C. G. Yale, statistician for the United
States Mint, and F. E. Dunlap, expert
for the State Board of Examiners.
The object of the visit was to deter
mine whether or not the charges of
damage to farming: lands along the
river bottoms of the Feather River
were well founded. The dredging men
claim that the river channel is helped
rather than Injured by the dredging
operations along the river. The large
boulders and well washed gravel are
deposited on top of the sand, which
goes through the machine and less ma
terial Is washed from the banks by
floods on ground that has been mined
than from that which has not been
mined.
Into the Conditions Along the
Feather River.
Drive Out From Oroville and Examine
MINING MEN INSPECT
DREDGING DISTRICT
SAN QUENTIN. May 14;— All of the
members of the State Board of Prison
Directors attended the meeting at San
Quentin to-day. The session was un
usually long as there was much busi
ness to be transacted. The matter of
granting: paroles occupied much of the
time of the meeting. No paroles had
been granted for many months and
there are sixty-four prisoners whose
papers are complete anG on file. Many
applicants have become disheartened
and have what Is known as "parole
fever." They are utterly discouraged
and in some instances nave become
indifferent to prison rules. Warden
Tompkins indicated to me directors
that they should dispose of the applica
tions one way or another.
The session commenced at 10 o'clock
this morning: and before noon adjourn
ment three men were granted parole.
The board reconvened at 1:30 and re
mained in executive session until 6
o'clock. Many other paroles were acted
upon favorably and will be granted at
the next meeting. The expert's report
upon the prison books was entirely
satisfactory to the board. It was found
that $44,169 25 of the prison fund deficit
had been made up by the .sale of jute
bags.
John O'Brien, who stabbed a cell
mate two months ago, had his credits
taken a^Vay. R. Sanchez, who attack
ed a guard some time ago, lost five
years' credits.
Those who were granted paroles are:
George F. Trueworthy, James M.
Wilder and Carl Van DIveer. They are
to take effect at once. Frank Hayes
was granted parole, to take effect July
1.- Jack O'RIley, a life termer, was re
commended to the Governor for par
don.
Special Dispatch to The Call
II. Sanchez, Who ' Made ' an
Attack on a Guard, Is to
Lose Five Years' Credits
HOLD A LONG SESSION
Stfite Prison Directors Act
Favorably on the Applica
tions of Three Felons
GIVE FREEDOM
TO CONVICTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY., 15. 190i.
28
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOMEN SAVED
FROM OPERATIONS
Electro-Chemistry not only keeps women off the operating- table, but it ¦
is curias' many women of serious diseases after surgical treatment has failed.
Below we publish the testimonial of % well-known San rranclsoo lady who
has been therousrhly cured by Electro-Chemistry after two unsuccessful sur-
glca.1 operations. To every suffering: woman we extend a cordial invitation to
call upon us for a iiorouarh Electro -Chemic examination and trial treat-
meat, free of charge. We wish every suffering- woman to know why and how
laectro-Chemistry cures. The Electro- Chemic treatment in epecial diseases of
womcB Is painless, pleasant s>ad prompt, absolutely without objectionable
features la its . application. The cost of it Is most reasonable and the results
are quick and permament. The greatest success of Electro Chemistry has been
the successful cure of serious diseases of women without subjecting 1 them to the
horrors and dangers of surgical treatment.
yv.itf WVy~*:i : } -¦¦ : - ; Mrs. Stella Cerny teUs of her cure: "I
f** J-T«*& - - > - - . * - < - ' " ¦ had l>«en a *r««t FU fr«-er for a lonff time. I had
te£SrMZ**es^^Z^^^^^*v*-r*#~4. :;'>'. ::>' dootore<l for years without any benefit. After
W&i0&$i^4tHRt2Bbs£^ 'ji&t&te " :¦>'•¦-¦¦! ¦¦' medical treatment failed in my cane. I was
>, *;, ¦:-, ' ¦-;¦ ::- .';. ¦ ¦ictySi^gy^^S^r^w^- ¦' ' ¦'¦¦"¦¦'¦ iurne'1 over to the 5ur(rc.n an-1 underwent two
ituuffl' : j> : j : :C"''' -JpMKMffEwfi^ttFMJrtBCr ' rurglcBl operation*, which JiJ not help me
J >wfe5^55^^St33SK8HB^BB'> -'; ¦¦ : * in the leapt. I whs' even worse after the oper-
§MM^||gBB|ffi3lBKanjBlB|HB^3Br " - ?-.«•£ s ations. After this unsuccessful surgical treat-
' '''^jBMHTO^ aEufc. '¦''''*¦"*' ment, I was advised by my doctor to go to
£¦£, 3HHS9iSPiaDi w-^sBbBBs^MB^'* '-^ Ti Fome Frrinp-i to take the water cure with the
rt-^yfcSSSv^^^^'a^i^f^Sy^gMK'^v^t hopes of helping me. At n heavy exj><?ny? I
,-.•*,- tffey zz&'jSj- ~ K ?*Si'l *$?^3i "<ji£&&mi3& ".? " <;^ Ff*" 1 three months at Tuscan fiprinns and
* lv^^aji aSf-tfjJ^^^JrcJ^P JSsHSBf '^' : ;¦} *t tht end of that time I wag worse than be- '
iP$s£BBBB^*- :^Pb^BB8B^' :> " -^ i fore - While in the country I heard of the
x . ¦ •&&&&* ¦** -4 success of the Electro-Chemie treatment in spe-
*>^^^^^' ¦^^SfeSBffsB^fflsnwJJ-V cl °' dlFen^es of women and ns I was no bft-
<t^^ i A-^Hy^yasdiia>Bp > <BWjyHB^ y'A^- -\t ter. I decided tj gn at once to the El»ctro-
-S^*^?3ff " »l^»388S^i<-< ;^^*'"* Chemic Institute to take up a course of treat-
'&BSxM$8Sk' : '*'''" »U. : <««?k- v.^ i-.i'. : ; irert. I wa« Riven a thoroyRh examination by
S$!iPsSwSi§Sv '" ' ¦V J t*^i>ii^fe*--^ $:h&'/\ the Electro-Chemlc pperiallptf! and all of my
t3*^Sj5jfip$S ''¦ V U :: 1^*SP^^«^*^* 1^*^ important org:ar.B were found to be more or lets
feKS^aySfit^xf^ v L~J&8>&iwfiK'%),i>M& ihiS effected. My case was pronounced curabll
f^S^^fe^S&A^ -^S^Bf^fcv/^'^, nn<1 r ot cnc * be K an the Electro-Chemic
r^sJ^e&S^^r^Si^ !& l''~> - ' treatment. I befran to improve from the
K*S£«*i£§i< '^ '^M^^^^^^^0^' flrrt treatment. The pains In the region of my
•'-•'- •^^^v^^^^^^^»'^ nomac-h «nd liver rapidly began to disappear.
MjgB^gg : #I * h ' a^fuJ pain* in the sm.ill of my back and in
T&^ .. ;-. .-' ¦ . ' - C*.. ['¦ . ' .*.¦•'¦; '•;£. >v t.^*9fc« *che« end the Klcknes* at my stomach all
¦ ....¦':: ? '. ' ¦.¦;'; .-¦' "=¦-'¦• . ¦> : rr-w better from the beginning and in a few
Q- *.-;': weeks I was *ble to eat and digest my food
' • *¦'. ¦¦¦'-¦' . in a normal manner. I pained strength from
T •-.?.,, - .,t.' : .' : 'c ¦ ; f • the Mart of the trea.tment and I became reg-
*;•: 4 , ?_ ¦.. . ,: : ; - ,.<¦...*'.•. • u ''« r « n «- % very way tnd the swollen and mis-
¦• ¦ *¦"¦''? ;: ¦ ". ,:: - :: ¦ placed orsrans were soon in a perfectly nor-
L; '-**¦- ¦¦ - t ;y'.. ,-¦¦ ¦-.. I --..<¦..:¦ ':i"-; % . '; mat condition. I have met many sufferlnc
» * ' - *— < women In the office of the Electro-Chemie In-
MSS STILLA CEKNT, etltute and every one that 1 have talked to tell
»64 Busn Street. San rranclsco. n^^^e^^fr^^^rrTusrthe^me^
it did me. I do not like the idea of making
a pub!i • Fts'.emert of n:y condition and cure, tut I feel that it ie my duty to let other suf-
feren. know of my experience with the hope s that tllfy may assisted in finding a
•uocessful tr*-atment whl.h at the *ame tim, i« painless, pleasant and inexpensive. Had
I known cf this wonderful treatment earlier. I should certainly have escaped th» horrors of
t«o furgrical cj-eratlons. , Signed) MRS. STKLLA OBBXY.
?264 Bush Streeet, San Francifco.
Such cures as these are filling- the department for womea of the Electro-
Chemlc Institute, Ho. 118 Grant ave^ San Prancisco, with suffering- women.
"Women who have dreaded surgical operations are comin«r to be cured painlessly
without them. Women who have had surgical operations that were failures
are taking- the Xaactro-Chemlc treatment and are being- promptly and cheaply
cured. 'Women who have worn out their systems swallowing- strong- and pol-
penous medicines without any benefit are being- promptly and thoroughly cured
without the necessity of drugYlng-.
Consultation, X-F ay Examination, TT^IT"* H I
Advice, Trial Treatment F^ FK^SHj SZLj I
HOME TREATMENT
The Electro-Chemic home treatment Is most successful. Patients living- at
a distance are loaned, free of charge, aa expensive Electro-Chemlc outfit. When
possible It is always best for the patient to pay one visit to the office for a
thoroug-h personal examination. When this Is Impossible the patient should
write a full description of the principal symptoms, and full instructions re-
garding the home examination and treatment will be promptly forwarded, free
cf charg-e.
ELECTRO-CHEMIC SPECIALTIES:
Electro-Chemirtry cures quickly, painlessly and cheaply CAKCEES, TT7-
KOKS. OX.D XTLCEXS, ECZEMA, TtTTTi UMATI8M, NEXTE.ALGIA, LOCOMOTOE
ATAXIJL. PA&AXTSXS, DEAFNESS, HEAD ZTOXSES, IHSOMJOA, GOITRE
.BBJGHT-S DISEASE, DIABETES, STSFEPSIA, PILES, all Diseases of the
STOMACH, Z.IVES, KIDNEYS. ELADn EE and BOWELS, all XTEBY0U8 DIS-
EASES and SPECIAL DISEASES OP MEN and WOMEN.
THE ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
1 18 Grant Ave., Corner Post St.,
S/\IN FRANCISCO
OFFICE HOl-RS— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m/ and 7 to 8 p. nv. dailv. Sundays
10 a. in. to 1 p. m. .
SEPARATE APABTMEHTS POB LADIES AKD OEWTLEaiEir.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
vL m^mmi fp» The New Store on the S( 3 lure caters t0 the miI1 - ions - Liberal credit, low prices,
iw high rade °' r 2 0C)ds centers the interest of San Francisco's public on this grand
I \ enterprise. We huve furnished thousands of homes. Why not yours? Always
HO. 1 TWO-PIECE BEDROOM SUIT — Quarter- HO. 4 — DI1TINO TABLE — Golden flnish. legs tied NO. 6 — BOX SEAT DUTTTTO CHAIR — Solid eak.
¦ sawed oak, bsautifully carved. Dresser has full and rigidly braced, with decorative panel, box golden finish, cane seat, banister back, thor-
serpentine' front, panel sides, bevel «A1 fSs top. six-foot draw. highly polished. «7 Or oughly well made, highly polished. C1 OC
plate mirror. Price **M>J Price *t.O3 Price, each +LO*
HO. 6 — METAL BE© — Heavy uprights, filling in- HO. 7 — POLDINCJ BED — Solid oak. golden finish.
JIO. 3 CHIZTONXER — Solid oak, golden flnish, tricate but exceedingly graceful design, angle panel front and sides, decorated top, complete
bevel plate mirror, highly polished. CIA 7*5 iron end and side rail; choice of colors CA 75 with woven wire mattress. Prices ... C17 OC
Price.. .JH^.fJ to select from. Price JO./J JH-CJ
o 3 o O
An immense line of floor coverings of |jff[ JPjnBkN&3!\*wl ' A/^T^bB^^ 1^^^^^^!^^*" Nothing shows refinement or taste as
every grade and color. No scheme of *»^»» «*^#/W RtiS^^fJ^tC^ST^^^ quickly as the draperies in. the home.
, .. i. ' . M , T SO^'ff^n^vSgsg^gr-rB We are in a position to supply you with
decoration that we cannot carry out. the bcst the P markct ai fJl\\ pric^
inis department is in the hands of an We give a practical demonstration of the merits of tliat will please your purse,
expert whose years of experience has the Regal Range every afternoon from 2 to 5 in the RUFFLED BOBBINET CURTAINS
fitted him to select the best and only the »•_ , a , r* *.*¦ -it * I- *u t t_ . • * ,- — Lace edge and insertion, 3 yards
best the market affords. We show a Cotta * e > '""Strating the marvelous baking quail- ]ong , full width. Price, if .n
vast line at right prices ties » as we!1 as economy in the consumption of fuel- P cr P air 4* * •«
CHINA MATTING-Good, fresh fiber. Call and see it in actual operation. The Range speaks E Co^SST^yarS
.. A variety of designs' to select 1^1/ X ">r itself- V-ome and see biscuits made while j'ou wait. long, full width. Price, d>AAp
from. Price, per yard -.lfc/20 Remember! every afternoon from 2 until 5. If you p=- pair..: $d.dj
¦ LINEN WARP MATTING -Revers- need a new Range we will place one in your home for a D 5£a™fch Sp^si^^Tel?^ bor'-
ible. Carpet patterns. Some ?/),* dollar down and a dollar a week. ders. ' Special price tf»fl HC
choice designs. Per yard «-VW» ; £ $y.{D
1 Mi Wee's .Bmror Brew I
•jg<£f»epo It isn't talk that counts, it's quality — Qual- M
>«*^^ ity that stands pat at all times, for honest *p
TCm criticism. The unprecedented popularity of m
/ V^k Blatz Wiener is due to its pronounced in- w
Ki \**V dividuality — that indescribable, honest fla- ||
Yl I I? V ° r that aIwa >' s means "Blatz"— that de- B
\A /Jjf lightful Blatz Wiener "Smack 1 ' that goes S
J\ straight to the spot. Drink it for beer char- If
f *^u\ acter; for health's sake drink it. Ask for B
I > * S *V?Y ** d° wntown an d send a case home. fi
k h ALWAYS THE SAME 8
A V T\ COOD OLD B
Hi BLATZ MALT-VIVINE I
US (NON-INTOX.) TONIC 1
YSjl DRUGGISTS OR DIRECT. g
Jito VAL. BLATZ BREWING GO., Milwaukea. I
TOb- SAM BiBO & CO.' ™SS l SSf 2 H Sg™ 8T - ; |
IN BEAUTIFUL SANTA BflRBARfl.
• , : .;¦_ ' R A "^ E S American plaQ— From May I, 1904, to January 1, 1905:
One person occuplng roon), witboutbath. $21.50 to $3.50; with bath, $3.50 to $5.00.Citizens Object to Cemetery.
The residents of Colma are opposed
to the propose* cemetery that is be
ing planned in the heart of their town.
It is said that certain cemetery peo
ple have been buying property with
the intention of turning it Into a cem
etery, thereby ruining the beauty of
the. town and many of the handsome
residences adjoining the property.
A Merced County jury has convicted
W. Chalfant of having plover in his
possession during the* close season.
Justice of the Peace Cothran fined the
offender J25. R. Sallng was fined $25
in the same court for a similar of
fense. Justice of the Peace Faulkner
of Chico has fined A. F. McClellan $25
for having a doe hide in his posses
sion.
Game Law Violators Punished.
Refreshment table — Mrs. Fitzgerald;
assisted by Mmes. Annie Brennan,
Maud Atwood and Misses A. Casey and
B. Powers.
Candy stand — Mrs. McBride, assisted
by Misses M. McBride, M. Casey and
M. Murphy.
Fish pond — Mrs. Gildea.
St. Joseph's booth — Mrs. W. Walsh,"
assisted by Mmes. Goecken.-B. Cooper,
p.' Fay and Misses Goecken, Annie . and
The parishioners of St. Rose's
Church held a meeting, last Friday
night and decided to hold a grand fair
and bazaar for the benefit' of the debt
on the church and school. The date
of the event has not yet been ar
ranged, but it will take place soon.
The following ladles of the parish have
volunteered to take charge of the vari
ous booths:
St. Rose's booth — Mrs. Honora
Welch., assisted by Mrs. D. Monahan,
Misses Gertrude Cook, Loretta Mona
han, Kate and- Annie Fitzgerald.
Young Men's Institute booth— Mrsi
Quinn, assisted by Mmes. A. Kenny,
C. Murtha, • J. Dean, P. Hurley, F.
Meyers and Misses M. Keyes, E. :
O'Hara. M. McMenomy. M. Haron and
E. McCarthy. Jr ,:'
Ladles of the Church Volunteer Their
Services to Pay Off Debt on the
House of Worship.
PARISHIONERS OF ST ROSE'S
WILL HOLD A GRAND FAIR
DRUIDS' PICNIC CAUSES
ROW A3IOXG MUSICIANS
Court Is Asked to Settle Dispute Over
Standing of the Players as
•Union Men.
A suit involving the standing in la-
bor ranks of twelve members of the
Pacific Coast-Musicians' Union, an in
corporated body, was filed yesterday
in the Superior Court. It Is an action
for $1000 damages and an injunction.
The injunction is sought to prevent
Palace Hotel Guest Has Expensive
Experience Upon Landing at
This Side of the Bay.
Harry S. Husted, a business man of
Chicago, arrived here yesterday and
shortly after registering at the Palace
Hotel discovered that his wallet, con
taining $350 in currency and two
drafts, was missing from the inside
pocket of his coat. Husted came out
West ' by way of St. Paul and he
readily recalled yesterday that when
the train was leaving the latter city
a friend pointed out a fellow passen
ger as one of St. Paul's most notori
ous pickpockets. The man from Chi
cago was careful to avoid the alleged
crook from St. Paul during the over
land journey, but on leaving the
Ferry building on this side of the bay
Husted says he noticed his objectional
traveling companion close to him.
Just as he -was leaving the ferry exit
Husted felt himself rudely Jostled, but
paid little heed to the fact. When he
reported his loss to the police they
quickly agreed with him that the man
who had accompanied him overland
knew something about the missing
wallet and Detective Ryan has been
detailed to round up the alleged crook.
It Is the grave cases of a physician
that benefit the undertaker.
the circulation of alleged false re
ports about a picnic to be given to
day. : The San Francisco Labor Coun
cil and the Musicians' Protective As
sociation are asked to pay this sum
for circulating false statements about
the plaintiff, the statements being to
the effect that twelve members of the
organization are not union men and
that therefore the picnic to be given
at El Campo by Alpine and Galileo
gToves of Druids, at which the twelve
men are to play, is a non-union af
fair. The Druids are joined with the
Pacific Coast Musicians' Union as
plaintiffs. --V : f
• The complaint recites that when the
Druids first arranged for their picnic
they secured the. services of A. E.
Fouts and eleven other members of
the plaintiff union. It is alleged that
the defendants, upon learning of this,
caused to be spread broadcast the re
port that the musicians had been
hired for less than union wages and
that therefore they did not constitute
a union band. It is also claimed that
the Labor Council threatens to send
out circulars containing this Informa
tion and before the departure of the
picnic crowd to exhibit banners an
nouncing to the public that the pic
nic music is not being furnished by
the Musicians* Union.
The case was assigned to Judg:
SIobs for trial.
While in the hospital Captain Mc-
Cracken, with the exception of mas
sage to keep his blood circulating,
was not treated as an injured man.
He was simply allowed to rest.
Recently the doctors discovered that
the three fractured ribs had knitted to
gether and were as strong as ever.
Further examination disclosed the fact
that the back had grown stronger
where it was broken.
Finally he gained in strength, and
then it was decided to put off the op
eration. The patient Improved so
rapidly that he was removed from the
hospital to his home about ten days
ago.
WASHINGTON, May 14. — Captain
James McCracken, more than 70 years
old, of this city, has recovered from a
broken back, three fractured ribs and
other internal Injuries without a sur
gical operation, and his case is the
talk of physicians here. Captain Mc-
Cracken simply relied upon nature to
repair damage.
• On account of his advanced age his
recovery has attracted more than local
attention. Captain McCracken met
with an accident on February 15, while
endeavoring to board a streetcar. He
was caught between two cars and re
ceived injuries so serious that physi
cians who examined him believed they
wouM prove fatal. For many days
after his removal to the Emergency
Hospital Captain McCracken's physi
cians held out no hope for recovery.
Ills Injuries were sufficiently serioua^to
cause death In nine cases out of ten,
and the doctors believed the patient's
advanced age would count him with
the majority. For weeks his life hung
by a thread, and the doctors were
afraid to operate because of his en
feebled condition.
Special Dispatch to The- Call
Aged Man, Without Aid of
Surgery, Recovers From
Injuries Ordinarily Fatal
BACK BROKEN,
BUT HE LIVES
Gaelic League booth — Mrs. M. Shea,
assisted by Mmes. W. Coyne, M.
Davock, W. Roberts, Quinn, Shaugh
nessy and Misses Ella and Agnes
Barry, Lillie Dean. Rose Porter. Cath
erine Palmer, Hannah Buckley, Kate
Lucy, Kate Dineen, Julia Reardon,
Annie Cavanaugh.
Native Sons' and Daughters* booth
—Mrs. Moss, assisted by Mmes. Hoey,
J. Brady, J. Mclnerney, M. Dqnohue
and Misses Grace, Mary and Nellie Mc
lnerney. Mary Conroy, Kate Doble
mann, Gertie Kilgrariff, Alice and Tes
sie Hughes, Margaret Flood, Lola
Hart. May Dowd, Nellie Wilson, Liz
zie Stamf. _
St. . Anthony's booth — Mrs. Saun
ders, assisted by Mrs. Ida -Klely and
Misses Campbell, Coyne, Curran, Jen
kins and Britt.
Helen F. Barnes, Nation City, sec
retary of the American Board, New
York City; Harriet Brown, State sec
retary of California; Miss Elizabeth
Cole, State secretary of Illinois: Miss
Bertha Conde, senior secretary of the
American committee; Julia Dean, El
gin 111.; Mrs. M. Goodwin, Occidental
Board of Missions; Ruth Paxton.
American committee: Effa H. Spencer,
Vassar College: Carrie B. Wilson. Chi
cago; Mrs. Bidwell, Chico; Mrs. F.
Black, Seattle; Willis F. Hotchkiss,
missionary from Africa; Mrs. Frank
Jones, Sacramento; Carolyn Patch, Il
linois; Mr. and Mrs. S. Earl Taylor,
t,ecretary Young People's Missionary
Work of the Methodist Church.
M. Lake, Iva Morrison, Mrs. White.
State Normal School, San Jose —
Margaret Bliss, Minnie Burtner, Nellie
Connor, J^sident Dailey, Nina Dav
enport, L'ouise Flaa, Sarah Gowanlock,
Anna Laird. Edith Hanson. E. I. Mc-
Lelland, Edith Nattrass, Edith Par
eons, Gertrude Rowell. Jennie Stew
art- ¦'.
Mills College— Hazel Boyd, Ruth
Crosby. Margaret Hincks, B. E. Hol
brook, Gertrude Holmes, Mabel Mar
tin. Mrs. C. T. Mills, Alice M. Robbins.
Pomona College, Claremont, Cal. —
Emma Banta, Dr. C. E. Eddy. Ruth
Eddy. President George Gates, Winnie
Griffin, Olive Kelso, Lilly Thompson,
Sadie Twinting. »
Occidental College, Los Angeles^ —
Frances Gordon. M. W. Henderson, Es
telle McClung. Miss Widney, President
Walsworth.
Los Angeles City Y. W. C. A.— Clara
Berryman, Amelia Johnson, Christine
Johnson, Dr. and Mrs. Salisbury.
Oakland Y. W. C. A. — Mrs. Ames,
Mrs. J. J. Allen. Mrs. Arthur Caldwell,
Miss I/eo Lundy.
University of Oregon, Eugene, Or.—
Nellie Fofhay, Cora M. Shaver. .
Oregon Agricultural College, Corval
lls — Georgia Herbert, Isabel Wright.
State Normal, Monmouth, Or. — Eva
Wash.
Pacific University, Forest Grove,
Or.— Helen Chandler, Pearl Moseley,
Frances Sorenson.
Philomath Friends College, Philo
math, Or. — Llvia Bond.
Willamette College, Willamette, Or. —
Sylvia Jones, Gussie Randall, Eva Um
phys.
State Normal, Ashland, Or.— Nettie
Beard, Lydia Wyman, Miss Robertson.
McMmnvllle College, Or. — Myrtle
Calavan, Grace McCloskey, Gertrude
Preston.
Newberg College, Or.— Nellie Paul-
Eon, Angelicia Martin, Portland, Or.
University of Nevada, Reno, Nev.—
Lucy Brannin, Ollie Wise.
University of Puget Sound, Tacoma,
Wash.— Lola Barrett.
Whitman College, Walla Walla,
Wash.— Iza Cutting, Lucille James.
State Normal, Bellingham, Wash.—
Alice Kibbe. i%)&i
University of Washington. Tacoma—
Mrs. Shields, Louise Shields.
Wnitworth College, Tacoma— Leila
F. Shaffer, Ida G. Sharp.
NEW ARRIVAIi LOSES
*- WALLET AT THE FERRY
Lizzie Breslin, Mary McColgan, Annie
Doran, Mary and Annie Moore.
St. Patrick's booth — Mrs. John
Coughlin, assisted by Misses Mary,
Annie and Tessie Cullen and Mmes.
Barry, Dineen, Turner, M. C. McGrath,
J. McCarthy, P. Clowes and Misses
May Barry, May and Lucy Tackney,
Annie and Lizzie Dooley, Julia Fitzger
ald and Mary Moroney.
Sacred Heart booth — Mrs. T. Me-
Auliffe, assisted by Mmes. C. Reilly, M.
Lamcke, M. Putcell, A. Harrigan, K.
Carroll, O. L. Ebernitter, I. Beard and
Misses M. Rielly, Annie Derby, Lizzie
O'Brien, Ollie Harrigan, Bessie Grif
fln. Annie McCormick," Gertie Morris,
Margaret McAuliffe, Nellie Beard,
Margaret and Kitty Hurley.
Immaculate Conception booth — Miss
Molly Walsh, assisted by Mines.
David Kenney, J. Whearty and Misses
Frances, Loretta and< Christina Barr,
Mary and Kate Faulkner, Annie and
Ella McCaughey. Helen Walsh, Mar
saret Cusack, Mary Radlin, Minnie
Donnelly, Annie Reilly, Alice Rode,
Jennie Byrne, Nellie O'Neill, Agnes
Conlan. ,
The cadets* booth — Mrs. Heilmann,
assisted by Mmes. Ipson. McCarthy,
Amln Comaich and Misses May Heil
mann, Eva Loughrin, Annie Thomp
son, Mary Cusick, Mary Fabian, C.
Brown, F. Brown, Annie Devins, Mary
and Kate Kelly, F. Cornyn, Ella Ryan,
Annie V'dovich.
"State Normal School. Chico— Freda
Ernst, Rose Ernst Katherine Forbes,
SANTA CRUZ. May 14.— More than
300 young ladies of California, Oregon,
Nevada, Washington and Idaho col
leges are at Caritola to attend the Pa
cific Coast students' Young Women's
Christian Association convention. The
delegates are at the large hotel which
overlooks the ocean. They have full
charge of the hotel and have trans
formed It into a bower of beauty. The
sessions will be held In the ballroom of
the hotel.
The opening session was held this
evening. There was a short service, fol-
Jowed by an address by Miss Bertha
Conde, student secretary of the Amerl
c an committee.
Among the college presidents who
v.ill attend the conference this yearar*
President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford' University; President Joseph B.
Stubbs, University of Nevada, Reno;
Dr. Elt McClish; University of the Pa
cific; Mrs. Mills of Mills College. Presi
dent Dalley of the State Normal School
at San Jose, President Wadsworth of
Occidental College. Los Angeles, and
President George Gates, Pomona Col
lege.
The following delegates are in attend
ance:
" University of California, Berkeley —
Mr*. Thomas Addison, Miss Marietta
Ixiuise Avery, Alvira Barnet, Gertrude
Barker. Grace Zarnet, Edith Bates,
Helen Beardsley, Mary Bentley, Mary
Bloesom. Mrs. C. B. Bradley, Hattie
Bromley, Edith Brownslll, Helen Bur
roughs, Nora Butler, Katherine Chap
pell, Miss Clough, Marian Craig, Regina
Crawford, Edna Curtis, Rena M. Dart,
Gertrude Davidson, Mrs. Pearl Gra
ham, Josephine Geishart, Edith Hat
fie}«, Florence Hay. Adeline Hazlett,
Elizabeth Marble, Mrs. Ethel Augs
herger. Mrs. F. J. Masters, Miss
Davidson. Mabel Duncan, Delta
Eaton, Z. R. Eaton, Edith Evans, Dr.
Susan J. Fenton, Mary Field, Louisa
Flanders, Mr. and Mrs. Ford. Ethel
wyn Foote, Mildred Foster, Mrs. Foy,
Frances M. French. Clara Freuler,
Mrs. Fryer, Mabel Gaines, Reba Gal
vin. Evie Gilbert, Amanda M. Hicks,
Bertha Hunter. Llllie Janes, Florence
C. Johnson. Hope Jordan. Virginia
Judy. Ida Jullerat, Mrs. Z. D. Matheis,
Rose May. Flora Miller. Mary Mer
rill. .Jennie E. Miller. Jessie Mun
roe, Mary Page, Eleanor Orgren,
Apnes Peterson, Grace Pratt, Mrs.
Pitkin. Maud Raffin, Fannie Read,
Ethed Richardson, Carmel Riley,
Dr. Ritter, Mrs. Annie Richardson,
Lucy Robinson, Sue Ross, Margaret
Scott, Harriet Skldmore Smyath,
Edythe K. Still. Alice Sudlow. Anna
L»mos, Katherine Magrneson. Sarah
Matthews. Marjorie Matthews,
Blanche Wakham, Mrs. H. C. War
ner, Dagmar White, Edith Wilcox,
Eva A. Wier, Hazel Woodruff. Elsie
Worden, Rosalind Wulzen, Margaret
Wythe.
Stanford University — Miss Chloe
•Anderson. Mrs. Le Roy Anderson,
Laura Bartley, Lulu Beggs, Henrietta
E.. Brayton, Alice Chalfant, Bessie
Coffin, Louise Flemings Beatrice
French, Florence Hammond, Marrion
Horr, Edna Jones, President David
p .Starr Jordan, Emelie Kaiser. Mrs.
Thornton A. Mills, Anna Rae Mills,
Mrs. W. S. Morrison, Teluah Robinson,
Helen Salisbury, Gertrude Sanborn,
Harriet Stillson. Gertrude Smith, Mrs.
K. R. Smith. Mae Tripp, Winifred
Wood. Edwina Yorke.
California Baptist College, Highland
Park, Oakland — Miss Dlx.
University of the Pacific College
Park — E. M. Flanflers. Gertrude von
Qlahn. Ora Hill. Esther Macomber.
Lois McClish. Dr. Eli McClish, Rose
Moody, Mabel Penny.
University of Southern California,
Los Angeles — Mildred Hell, Minnie
Patterson, Mary Mitchell.
W.hittier College, Whittler — Inez
Bennett, Clara TIbbets. Delia Thomp
son.
• State Normal School, Los Angeles —
Agnes Elliott.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Delegates Are Comfortably
Housed in. the Pretty
Hotel Overlooking Ocean
IMG [MEETING ASSURED
Iteiiresentatives of Pacific
Coast Educational Institu
tions Gather at Capitola
COLLEGE GIRLS
IN CONFERENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 15, 1004.
29
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GBAPE-NTJTS,
* ' MHMm— i ¦¦¦! ¦¦im — httmiiitct nrriFpi ' TmTsnmwnnmniiiwn— mm^— im ¦¦
We send our buyers there every year to get the best that *$8
are grown, and we pay twice what common hops cost. g
A partner in our business buys our barley, and selects the M
best from all. B
We get our water from six wells, bored 1400 feet to rock. I
Our yeast is all developed from the original mother cells J§
. which helped to make Schlitz Beer famous. \fa
All the air that touches Schlitz Beer comes to it through ¦/
air filters. And the beer itself is fiiltered through white Vg
wbod pulp. Then we age it for months, until it can't 48
c&use biliousness. ll
We sterilize every bottle. Ask for the brewery bottling. Jnj
l«* 4»*s»e*— SKERWOOD & SHERWOOD— S*a fr.oc«<» B |j
The Beer That Made Milwaukee I^istiou^
"Farts are facts and stubborn things
indeed," says a Michigan clergyman
who had a memorable food experience.
• "The fact is when a man gets all out
•*f Forts physically because of a de-
rangement of the stomach, so that his
heart action is bad, is very nervous
owing to physical organs Impaired and
nothing: he can eat of an ordinary kind
'vfill properly assimilate, it is time to
call a halt. Such was my case two
years ago last March, when I com-
menced using Grape-Nuts according to
directions, and have continued their
use up to the present time with the
result I am in better health physically
and mentally than I have been for
many years, having passed by sixty-
third year.
"To demonstrate this fact, I proposed
a footrace with my 11-year-old boy,
who was very fleet on foot and, he
t'^ic^ barefoot, imagined he could out-
-un'his pa, but I was besting him until
a Flip of my foot on a muddy place
- aueed me to stumble, and I found my-
eclf rolling in the mud in the road. I
soon found my footing again, undam-
&ged. and had to join in a good, hearty
laugh with my wife and daughter.
"Why should I not recommend
Orape-Nuts to my friends when the
food has done bo much for me, for I
•am confident that had It not been for
the help this excellent food supplied I
v.ould to-day have been past recovery.
Instead of growing .old now I feel
younger than I have for years, with
more mental strength as well as phy-
sical, and can preach better sermons
than ever before." Name given by
Postum Co.. Battle Creek. Mich.
O rape-Nuts makes far healthier,
keener brains. A dull, worn out brain
can be remade on this food. There's a
reason-
Look in each pkg. for the famous lit-
tle book. "The Road to Wellville." \
A FOOT RACE.
Minister vs. Boy.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOn BOSENBERG'S.
JOE BOSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE BOSENBERG'S.
JOE EOSENBEBOfS^
¦¦fl JT*"* ™ E pBICElQJTTER'S WAY of CELLING
y/iBvnnPVBjP^ For Economical Shoppers. TV^lUr IV?fo™™+ Ft^rwin flfVi^c Miles and Miles of. Spring Ribbon Yon Do Kot Know What Comfort
HUiN^^i' Here's Som. SUMMEB TT^ERWE^ 1 OUtllV UHlCrCIlt 1X0111 UUleFS. la All It. Glory and Will There IS
V//fB» 4 * : tMBB4S^K^* ;^^5 :^\\\\ at M««« That You Will Z,lk« " . . ... , « « i C^^ Be 8old at the PrIco Cut " tTTttn Ton h«. Triad Ou«
/iWffiHVflPiW *° Buy Them Por - Al thc beginning. o! thc season we don't try to sec how much J|£ ter'« way of seiim*. T^»« 5£t £o*ifr
BwIhHhPI ish L ed D iifi S e'. £^n the new goods will stand-that is, in profit. On thc contrary, *W inS^i? %v< Mi v E3S i° K f^JTSS" and
Al lBP!5wBaR£BBSfc*^W*i;?%TSml //fl openwork French lace offerf neck arvl' .... i. i « « *•,. * c + *\1 *B all-silk taffeta; width Nf>. |C\ Never loses Ita crip arid
l\\lB2Pf»l2lfi i |BBff MWJ \ armholes finished with crocheted ed£e everything IS mai*Ked at OUI* Small profit perCCntagC SO at the J4\ SO; full ? inches wide. In fift will not tear the most dell-
WmSllSmk^^^^ZB bcginningofthcs^on.aswc.Usatainhncs.thcPriceCvttcr SiiSH A^^lfkl
iY\W#*^SWMW//i -*"«< '°< F ™''^ «£«"'" uKt serves yov most economically, and.we hope, most satislactorily p°«»- o-rpric. varazTc- "*^
Laces mm at WM,* Prices. Maslin Underwear From Oar 0«n « ™f J 1 <« Corset -~ »»^^~ Sis
|PMk|lH»KKss 3^:- a^-SfiK&ss »¦££"« "i£.
U«fi«fc£* cA>VF^^^Pw'fiSsil II knlt: a , nkle lcn Sth and tight-fitting POINT I)E PARIS OR NORMANDY (S»7^SS^4e&2s,-- GOWNS —Made hemstitched ruffles, dainty ribbon mil Talus for Your Men «y or Tour
Mw-V£'iwflNill ?^5* combination- •••"£ &ffis^.W£«aTSi"8; i&slilil ?..w*Ja bo "- FHc<! 50c "K.^sirsiS&K 1 ' 11
AWBaHMk. *»*i L ".-, »«&*%g«ft\\\l SUITS— Made of Sea Island t» coral, bowknot. vine and leaf designs. f^*^^^S^ftt yoke, with two V n WJIrhfirV rlPFP Tlad la THe«« PETTICOATS.
WV.gggggSryu °c\ % >»/ a^Wg^j.\\\\ i thread, low neck and no i^T None worth less than 15c, others as [xTf / $»8$£?QiAt rows of embroid- I1U • lllUiUCrj HCIC. Made of fast black Italian moreen.
M I'feSS 1^^ V*, sleeves; knee length, umbrella «Cj^ high aa 2Bc. 7KJrt$1MJ*iW ery beaiing. with What Tou See In Our J llk fln 1 *^- fl^p ten-i;irh umbrella
•^^i^@5fea^K«^^^ r*T shaped, and trimmed wlthZ^TT Monday and Tuesday lard |)o /2?&**F&¥ttJ ribbon run Ad». Touil rind In fW 5°, u , nco - ,?'i th e A? ht ti l'l° r ,V Ult . C w£ d n ia 1
'^^^BaS^'i'^ deep torchnn lace : wsl1 '' Itll BLACK LACE INSERTION— Made B^i&^B^W through neck Our Store. d & (^,-f,,\fpr! !•;,„¦,
¦'¦¦' •:¦'¦ washed, no ironing or starch UJ^J of heavy mercerized thread. 2% inches and «l eeves : fln " EMBROIDERY 2^ «^"'l worth J1 -°°- At the Prlce Cutt " s .y
« &J mS'\ I " liS^B^- : ¦•¦•'•¦""" ' •» Ot ' Si!i\'ii1l y-UU\ in the real pruipure pattern v»ki^-- ,«£**- ished with BEADING— For under- % {* rl »X.OU
Tira "''l^*^^'''jfir : ' ' LADIES 1 DRAWERS- Made Mil,; 1 \\f Yard 3Oc ,., ir nr . Valenciennes wear or dreM trimming. _J t^> DKattw anH Qt^lch Wartc
\ I >i T^TvaT '-'W ' I of silk-finished lisle, jersey Vjil/ CLUNY LACE INSERTION — 3 lace. Our price 75c 1% inches wide; scallop ¦» Fretty ftllQ Olyl.SD OUJlIIier DttlSlS
ifcV/ jfcS==aJi\/3 / k "it. French yokes, knee \A1 inches wide; made of English thread. LADIES' WHITE PETTICOATS — and serpentine effects; made especially v 0T Leu Than Utkei'i <>'
f'' m 'W^liy l length, and trimmed with 3- \ / The latest waist or dress trimming. Made of Lonsdale cambric, trimmed for ribbon to run through; many pat- * e o «t. ' Ft* lS9k
X?tj^KV/ Vi^^^ / inch wide English thread lace )( \ n Arabian color. At the Price Cut- with 1 i-inch flounce, with bins tucks terns to choose from Yard 8c n.,,mi" ,',vt. v- Jz& T*> .
/r?\ V**^ y .".(><• *b ter's - Yard l(^c and lace insertion, and finished with . , AM « V,- \'^5 fi%3 ftifA
(.-'.'j^.r,/, ,, CORSET COVERS— Made of knitted VRABIAN NET (^R WASH a hemstitched l^ce ruffle, also dust ruf- . RlKtpr RmWII richer or nner WAiiih ,, « -I€j«
f-^'-Mt 'fabric, high neck and long sleeves, BLONDE— Is the latest vogue for fle; liberal In length and Width, but not DU3101 DIUHU. made. Some hem- k¥P/^Y\
Ki.gW buttoned down front and fits snug at dress or waist purposes; 36 inches not so in price. At tha Price Cutter's This Time It's a Belt. o»w« la t nn l Tenpr ' *&£&**&?*
~"~" the waist. In summer weight. . .2.">c wide. In Arabian or white. .Yard 2.">c • • ; 81.15 Made especially for boys 1 and ladies 1 Pi? trimmed Made or ¦«T'#>3M3
StlltlV this adV£rtiSCmCnt— CHILD'S VEST — Summer weight, • suits; made of double-faced patent i awns satins damasks **>-)r
... J « \ .m — , hi * n n^ck. long sleeves, swiss ribbed; Tn?| RftC^lVfifl AfA Yflll Rftln^ tft St T,nnh leather, hard enameled buckle, double - d butcher linen-
H S W0lTh VOVT WhilC. ThCSC made of best American cotton. Pants dim IlCU-lieU fifO IOUUOiflg 10 01. L0Q1S stitched- Price 23c and Dutcner nnen.
11 , " i « . *"^"* w to match, same quality as above, ankle «=. Another X.ot of Or Traveller to the Country? . $1.50 quality, sample price.. ..OOe
are thc Price Cutter's values. i^^^ -«*rj~; fig- .^^ )ggff»2g Parisian Konlties and Beantiflers at |I:|| SgijJ: ?3S||f|
Stoot Women's AtteaUon. . Economy In Hosiery. W ' -.SS13S.-VS W ffi^rjg^".t£p - _^ 2 , l0W M L c „;.„-„¦, a A^! S^^^S^T
ThTy will tend ••.; raTO H «" T ""_Z' et ? Ar ,II-<i- RAJAH STOCK- AND TAB-M.de of /l(X\ l.niV* if, Wp%W SouJi.id plain: full to UT«rtl.. tt. m»*tr jou ™m »»»»
&A or break; unchangeable' In Jh , , , .,,,,- m »Voqp heavy scrim, embroidered In fancy // 1 |IV stltcned seams full width 4 : 1 £KsaTir width. In black, brown uicr. wouldn't b. any batter flttia*
™) ifr p ain 1 '-'p2f'1ii'->i MtEffir^l #£.£ ••"¦¦-•pSSK s?.jr« ssssfi. »*«.«-««..
ff the waist large or small and « I «% L^B 2vi^ threa, SULTANA COLLAR AND CUFF sa.OO / I^A a few moments; we are Ontin^ SVirU
will reduce the abdomen «f J Xw'-W L fin "' SETS— Made of heavy linen bunting, .... , „,. . .. .J' always busy; our low VUUUq uallU
without the injurious tight H ' ' J w o r k scalloped edge, with Turkish embroid- If' ID-MS 1 T11118 iQ IDC TEflF prices make us so. Price 25e Just the garment for y--»
lacing; steel boning through- fi 1/ v rpnnh e »"y. At the Price Cutter's. . .Set 15c -. _ —"- .' „ ¦ tramping and outdoor // I)
out; low and medium bust; V- 41 (are et HAPPY DKL COLLAR AND CUFF Tou Cftn Sny *tAK»ra»CHXlirS at HllD(l BflfiS wear; made of colored . l|
twenty different shapes to feet all - around full finish The im- SETS— Made of extra heavy un- low Price«, Xt X« Her* *ad How. , ; ; »'#,.„„ nt u aP .. denim, with flare effect. ft ill
choose from. To those who have had ported kind. In tan and black. In- bleached linen; finely embroidered in LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS— Made l fi%^}Lt^Z^- r^^l ot^7l' tailor-stitched bands. We J 1 11
their corset made to order they should stead of 50c, this week. . .A pair 25c various designs of Turkish and French of fine Belfast lawn; neat, narrow hai > d ,f, e^ ed \ n ,, slt i. I', i?f »1^Tm!" do not give premiums or MWVt
not fall to inspect them. Our price LADIES' HOSE— Made of Maco colorings. You'll more than appreciate hemstitched border, with embroidered [us skin; mo re.^ine d, pu rseto match, prizes, but values you w 11 /jrB\V
* 2 ' 7fi threl? fist ¦ blalkTwlth whfte feet! the «»*"* and low Price....Set Iftcv Initials Each 5c itron^ cla-Tp- "iSk elsewhere and then 2£?^ at the PrlCe
P. S.— Kone tout expert corset fitters full finish. Just the stocking for sore QUEEN ANN COLLAR AND TIE— GENTLEMEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS 2 to us and we are positive you P C Sl.OO I
In attendance to Inform you which or tender feet. You'll appreciate them 50 inches long; made of fine English —Made of heavy Belfast lawn, full £?«?{ bi r° them at SI "5 0 P^ic
corset if bert suited to your shape. when you see them for the quality and lawn, hemstitched ends. Only to be size, narrow hemstitched border; 6 In . y • * u L-DU>>
Short stout, thin and tall, Iow P rlce 2oc had at the Price Cutter's for. . . . . 10c box Box 75c n avp y nn p vpp V«U H* C m fri f [ SAFETY PINS — Needle-pointed.
toOTerVwVifhtwTcanntyoualL LADIES' HOSE— Made of fast black r _ " d » e I0U ttm rBl lUC tUUIlU" nickel-plated; also in all sizes; a dozen
gauze lisle, full finish and perfectly | f ¦ | Of Wearing a GOtF VEST on a card 3c
|a JOE ROSENBERG JOE ROSENBERG SL &x*Hr£ «***¦"••¦»»*«•
3-* I FRENCH EMPIRE SHAPE twisted thread, ironclad finish." double *Vb- llVVhliUhllU JKfVm llVVbllWhIIU j\ '.V^ WU1 Tbk \ ** %t W * K * T# /> Especially in per-
& T> CORSETS— Made of satin heels, toes and knees; stainless black, T ii C nninr nilTTrn "™ lintirv OAlfllin PTfinr I'&Pr «*«ed Them iow. r^tS //$>\ fect fitting Mesh
rfcH ribbon tape, aluminoid bon- full length; all sizes Pair 12%c THt PR Gc-CUTTER MONEY-SAY NG STORE «^ Made of fine Saxony yarn. fevJ^^^N Gloves; made of silk
I flrSM ing which is unbreakable — "'T",7 w " IIItv """"¦ ft*q closely woven in fancy pat- fc^b flnlsh °P en mesh.
I rv^\ an?, rust proof, finished with 7 CdltS * RIR MarkPt <st II (VFarroil «? fllR UarifOT II HTarrDll Cf terns, new rolling collar and CT^ fjQf fancy silk stitched
l\>2r\^\ a large ribbon bow. More ' vguli)t 010 MdlHBI Od II U rdflBII Oli OlD Mfll RBI OU II U 1911611 Oli cuffs; new pouch sleeve, buttoned down Jjuy If back. with large
AV S) than an even exchange for WASHABLE DRESS SHIELDS — ««'« n .» nv .«. «,«,,„,„„„ tne front with new military buttons. //^> \A pearl clasps: black.
\ \\ /f your money In pink, blue Nainsook covered, rubber Mned. odor- MAXfc OKDEES SOLICITED. MAIZ. OBDEBS SOXiZOZTSD. In red, green, blue, black and white. >\£ Jm white. mode and
and white. Price 50e less 7c. ' ' * Price 82.98 " gray Pair 5OcTwo Charges Against Smiley.
George Smiley was ' booked at the
City Prison yesterday on charges of
burglary and misdemeanor embezzle
ment. He is accused of entering the
room of J. M. Richards, 44 East street,
last Sunday and stealing nine suits of
clothes and two overcoats and of em
bezzling $40 from J. H. Flathmann,
saloon-keeper, 6 East street, where
he had been employed.
Accused . of Stealing: a Rig.
J. H. E. Eiben, grocer, 394 Dolores
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest
of William Brodle. Eiben alleges that
while his horse and wagon were j in
front of his store on Thursday, after
noon Brodie drove off with them. . He
left the wagon in the rear of the Ger
man Hospital and sold the horse to
a'livery stable keeper for $30.'
These ' restless days about town make us
think of summer hours passed under shady
trees, and we long for that vacation which Is
still a month of more in the future. "We may
curb our impatience and wait in restlessness,
but there is a better way. The meadows and
hillsides are now in a flush of fresh beauty
with their inspiring and exhilarating: influence
at its height. It does not take two weeks to
come into this atmosphere. Short trips of one
day. or a Saturday to Monday excursion <jn the
California Northwestern Railway, places us
among ld<?al rustic surroundings. The schedule
for the vacation months, now in effect, per
mits a- late afternoon start on Sundays from
many favorite places. One fare for the round
trip from San Francisco on Sundays governs
to all points except suburban.
Vacation and the Time Between.
The Eschscholtzlas, a social club of
this city, numbering about 150 mem
bers, will have a bay excursion on the
St. Helena on May 22 for members and
their lady friends. The excursionists
will be taken around the, bay, then
they will go as far as Mare Island and
Vallejo. On the ride up they will stop
at Glen Cove for lunch. The affair,
a purely invitational one, will be un
der the direction of the officers of the
society, of which J. M. Ratto is the
president.
Esclischoltzias on the Bay.
The representatives of the forty-five
courts of the Foresters of America
that are assisting in getting up a car
nival, to be opened next June in this
city in aid of the San Francisco board
of relief of the order, will, at meeting
to be held next Friday in the Alcazar
Foresters' Xigrht Parade.
building, select a marshal and aids for
a strand parade of the order to be had
on the evening of June 4. Ten Com
panions of the Forest of America are
candidates for queen of the carnival.
These are Maud Adams, Tessie Vahey,
Sadie Tucker, Helen Victorson, Marie
Zahn, Kathryn Gerish, Agnes McLeod,
Margaret Alexander and Ada London.
The first named leads .with 661 votes.
Henry Grandjean. coffee and spice
merchant. 412 Jackson street, secured
a warrant from Police Judge Mogan
yesterday for the^arrest of A. Pele
grini qji a charge of misdemeanor em
bezzlement. The amount alleged in
the complaint is S49 50. but it is said
th* total amount embezzled by Pele
grini will reach $300. Pelegrini was
employed as a traveling salesman by
the complaining witness.
Ac-ctisccl of Knibezzlemeiit.
"Here I am," chirruped Lottie Gon
zales, whose failure to appear when
ordered to answer to a charge of va
grancy had provoked the issuance of
a bench warrant fw her arrest.
"Good morning, Lottie," was the
Chesterfieldian greeting of his Honor
Mogan. "Why, may I ask, did you de
lay your visit until I was compelled
to send for you? Nervous prostration,
I suppose?"
"No, indeed," responded Miss Gon
zales, removing her gaudy shoulder
cape, touching up her raven tresses
and manifesting other feminine symp
toms of settling down for a real com
fortable chat. "It is this way, you
know. There am I all alone at home
and I says to Bert Williams, says -I,
'They'll pinch me again if I go out,
so you go down and see the Judge and
tell him I'll, square it up as soon as
ever I gets the money to pay the fine.'
So he goes out, and when he comes
back I learns that he doesn't do a
thing. So what am I to do?"
"What did you do?"
"I gives Mr. Williams the turn-down
and gets ready to attend to you my
self. So here I am, and what do I
get?"
S?"If you had pleaded nervous prostra
tion I'd give you a few. months, but
as it is I'll parole you for thirty days.
If you are brought back here in the
meantime the few months go, sure."
Miss Gonzales slowly readjusted her
drapery and coiffure and seemed to be
somewhat disappointed at the brevity
of the interview.'
Walter Ackerson, proprietor of a
Kearny-street saloon, was exhibiting
a set of bruised and bleeding knuckles
in a drug store on that thoroughfare
at 3 o'clock yesterday morning and
boasting how they had knocked out
three men, when a policeman dropped
in and arrested him for disturbing the
peace. Sentence postponed till to
morrow by Judge Mogan.
in San Francisco, was released from
the County Jail only last week.
Yosemite Amazes Them.
Travel is heavy over the Raymond-Wawon*
route of the Southern Pacific to Yosemlte.
This popular route takes In the finest rrova
of bis trees, passing: through grand old Wa
wona over an oiled stage road. Every trav
eler is delighted with this route and amazad
fiy the wonderful valley. Ask for rate* and
details at 613 Market street •
Monterichards Pleads Guilty.
Ernest Monterichards, a boy, pleaded
guilty in Judge Lawlor's court yester
day to a charge of burglary and will
be sentenced next Saturday. He en
tered the room of Mrs. Marietta Viola
at 703 Stockton street on March 12.
The defendant about five years ago
fatally stabbed another boy, but
owing to his youth was not prose
cuted.
Carey, who-" a few years ago had one
of the finest tonsorial establishments
"What period of imprisonment would
you suggest — six months?/' inquired
Judge Mogan.
After a moment's hesitation the wo
man opined that three months of en
forced abstlneVice on the man's part
might serve the purpose of eradicating
for all time his appetite for liquor.
"Three months it is," said the Judge.
"He's a man to be pitied," said the
wife of W. J. Carey, barber, of whom
she spoke, "but jail is the best place
for him. When sober he is a gentle
man, but he cannot let drink alone and
when drunk he . is a demon.' This is
the third time I have been obliged to
get him arrested."
* • *
Minna street, between Fifth and
Sixth, was rudely disturbed at 2 o'clock
yesterday morning by an alternation
between Charles Crosett and his wife,
in whese veins apparently courses the
blood of a people whose being on this
continent antedated the landing of Col
umbus. The policeman who stopped
the brawl and gave the neighbors a
chance to renew slumber found in the
husband's pocket a loaded revolver and
it was on a charge of carrying con
cealed weapons that the latter stood
before Judge Mogan. The wife was
there, too, restraining by force two
bright and pretty children, who
wagged pudgy , hands in greeting to
the father in lieu of being permitted to
Join him In the dock.
"It was just a little 'argument,
Judge," pleaded the prisoner. Then,
turning to his wife, he appealed,
"Wasn't it. dear?"
"It was, dear," responded the little
woman. Then she informed the court
that no shooting was Intended by her
spouse, who had acquired the pistol
carrying habit while campaigning for
his country In the Philippines and was
unable to shake it off »hen he re
-turned home. "Him shoxrt me?" she
exclaimed, indignantly. "Why, he'd
as soon think of shooting one of the
children!"
"Go home, you folk, go home," said
the Judge, "and the next time you de
sire to engage in a little argument go
out to the ocean beach or some other
isolated spot where Morpheus is not
doing business."
"Annie .Grafter!" shouted the bailiff
of Judge Fritz's tribunal, and the
sharp-featured and shifty-eyed woman
who stepped out of the cage In re
sponse to the summons certainly look
ed as if she were not burdened with
a misnomer. Drunkenness and dis
turbing the peace were charged against
her and the Judge gave her ten days.
"Not at human targets, I hope?" re
marked the Judge, glancing at Mr.
Yelminl's face, which was indicative
of anything but a truculent nature.
"No, sir; never shot at man, woman
or child in my life, and I've fired thou
sands of bullets," was the earnestly
delivered answer. "Why, I spend an
average of $15 a month in the shooting
galleries and would blow in more mon
ey if I could afford to."
"Dear me," said his Honor; "there's
no accounting for the vagaries of hu
man extravagance. Some folk drown
their surplus cash while you burn
yours. But you must not allow indul
gence of your penchant to imperil life
and limb in Golden Gate Park. I'll
have a sentence fixed up for you at
this hour next Monday."
"I'm a regular fiend for pistol shoot
ing," said Charles Yelmini when asked
to. explain his reasons for discharging
a revolver on the south ~ driveway of
Golden Gate Park.
It developed before Judge Mogan that
Ella Beattie, arrested last Sunday
morning for recklessly firing three pis
tol shots from the window of her apart
ment at Ellis and Mason'' streets, has
twice been an inmate of an asylum for
insane persons and that she is subject
to occasional recurrence of lunacy. On
this ground her attorney asked that
she be dismissed, but the Judge opined
that the point was not well taken.
"But at the time of the shooting her
mind was as 'rational' as yours or
mine," argued the pleader.
"Then if she^ was mentally responsi
ble for her action she merits imprison
ment," was the rejoinder, "and if she
was of unsound mind she should be
confined to an asylum. By this time
next Tuesday I may be able to decide
what to do with her."
The woman confessed that she was
twice incarcerated for lunacy, and
stated that her uncle, a Mr. Reynolds
cf CaDitola, had obtained her release
by assuming guardianship of her. For
some time Drior to her arrest she led
an immoral life in this city.
* • •
court on-a similar charge, and for the
first time the woman asked that he ba
punished. ' <
"You might as well send him to jail,"
she said to the Judge, "for he drinks
away all the money he makes and is of
no benefit to the children and me."
"But if you send me to jail what'Jl
become of my horses?" pleaded the'de
fendant, whose face and manner fully
bore out. his wife's accusation of con
firmed sottishness.
"You seem to care more for the com
fort of your horses than for that of thia
woman and these helpless children,"'
said the Judge. "However, I will post
pone sentence until Monday to enable
you to arrange for the maintenance of
your stock while you are in prison."
The Watermans dwell at 2011 .1 street
South. '
Early Waterman, a house mover,
failed to move Judge Mogan's soul to
compassion by pleading that hlshorsfts
would starve If he were sent to jail for
brutally ill-treating his fragile wife and
two "young, children. -was Mr. Water
man's third appearance' in- the same
• • •
Tom Tonquist, mariner, returned
from sea to find that his wife Mollie
had taken up residence in a boarding
house on lower Broadway and declined
to resume marital relations with him.
Suspecting the alienation of her affec
tions, by some landlubber, Tom chided
her roundly, and she was retaliating In
kind when Patrolman Joy spoiled the
tete-a-tete by arresting them both for
disturbing the peace.
"Ah ban away yust one moanth, an'
sha goes back on ma," pleaded Tom to
Judge Fritz.
' "Yudge, ha youmped ma because ah
wouldn't yoln halm," was the wife's
plea. .
"Go forth and try to etfect. a reunion
without 'yumping* each other," was the
court's advice. . * '.":'' '¦'¦ T ."-;
For stealing a portion of the lot num
bered 1027 Point Lobos avenue Joseph
Fletcher was fined $10 by Judge Ca
banlss.
The complaining witness was H. H.
Earle, owner of the pilfered Realty, and
he testified that the defendant, who is
an employe of McEwen Brothers, team
sters, deliberately did carry away two
cartloads of choice loam from his prop
erty and deposit the same in the yard
of a public school, where it was imme
diately utilized for the cultivation of
flowers. When the complainant pro
tested against the defendant's action he
was sworn at and called hard namea Ly
that person.
Then arose a legal squabble over the
propriety of having the defendant ao
cused of petty larceny, which applies
only to personal property, whereas it
was real property that was carted
away. A precedent-establishing conten
tion was abruptly nipped by the court
ordering that a complaint for trespass
be substituted. That was done and con
viction quickly ensued.
Jacob Ulmer, an aged capitalist, was
charged with battery on John Cook,
aged 10 years,, who informed Judge Ca
baniss that the defendant had struck
him upon the head with a heavy cane
and that the assault, which took place
Friday afternoon on Larkin street, had
not been provoked by him in any way.
The defense was that Mr. Ulmer had
been assailed by some young hoodlums
and injured so severely that he did not
know what he was doing when his cane
collided with Master Cook's cranium.
The case was continued till next Tues
day to afford the defense opportunity
to bring in testimony.
• • •
Chin Jin grinningly confessed to
Judge Fritz a remarkable ignorance of
this nation's marriage laws and plead
ed it as his reason for keeping two
Japanese maidens, H. Sama and G.
Matsuga, domiciled as his fiancees.
"Me gloin' t f mally 'em," he said.
"What, both of them?" asked the
Judge.
"Suah, mally 'em bo' — mally 'em lite
'way." ">
Policemen Brown and Holmes hinted
that the women were leading immoral
lives and that Chin derived pecuniary
profit from their shame, but this the
defendant indignantly denied. "They
glood gels," he protested; "I makee 'em
my wlfee." •
"I must search the statutes," said
the court, "to find a penalty for this
specific offense. If the case is without
precedent I may sentence the defend
ant and his fiancees to six months in
Utah."
Alejandro Luna did not seem to relish
the idea of making Carmen Parrott
his wife until Judge Mogan explained
the urgency and the justice of N such a
step and incidentally hinted that re
fusal to take It would be accepted as
equivalent to a request to be sent to
jail for as long a period as the law
permitted. Then the young fellow hung
his towzled head and muttered willing
ness to be enlisted in the army of bene
dicts.
He was accused of betraying the
trust placed in his manhood by pretty
eighteen-year-old Carmen when he
promised to marry her, and it was At
torney Treadwell who brought the hy
meneal negotiations to such a
triumphant climax. After he had dis
posed of his regular calendar the Judge
took the contracting parties to his
chamber and there, in the presence of
half a dozen deeply interested witness
es, made' them one. The girl's black
eyes reflected the joy created in her
soul by the court's enforced salvation
c-f her honor, but Alejandro appeared
to appreciate to full measure of seri
ousness the responsibility he was about
to take upon himself. They were a
good-looking couple as they stood hand
in hand while the words that united
them were being spoken. The girl gaz
ed straight at the top of the boy's head,
which remained bowed throughout the
ceremony. As the formal sentences
were uttered by the Judge they were
translated into Spanish by the ever
ready Treadwell, who fluttered around
the young pair with a solicitude that
was almost paternal. When the final
word was spoken the groom lifted his
head, the bride raised her lips and the
union was sealed with a kiss.
"You may tell these young people,"
said the Judge to the interpreter, "that
although this ceremony has been rath
er short on pomp, it is just as binding
upon them both as if It had been ac
companied by bell-ringing, flower
strewing and all the other trimmings
of an up-to-date church wedding. And
you may inform the groom that I con
sider him a very lucky young fellow
to possess the love of such a pretty
and good girl as he has won and that
I hope. he will cherish her always.
Gentlemen, the performance is over."
Then his Honor started humming the
glorious wedding march from "Lohen
grin," and to its stately measure Mr.
and Mrs. Alejandro Luna went forth
to face the world together. After a
brief honeymoon the groom will re
sume work at his trade of iron molder
and the bride will be glad to receive
friends at 1412 Powell street, the resi
dence of her married sister.
Terminates to the Satisfaction of All Concerned
the Trouble That Alejandro Luna Brought Upon
Pretty Carmen Parrott and . Afterward Himself
JUDGE MOGAN TIES KNOT
THAT UNITES TWO LIVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 15, 1904.
30
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
POSTUM CEREAL.
EXTRAORDINARY
CREDIT SALE
By order of
HIBERNIA BANK
W* will offar a cholea list of
j Investment, Residence and Un-
improved Properties
At our salesroom
Monday, May 23rd,
1904
. at 12 o'clock noon
Terms: Only y 5 Cash
j
For catalogue and furthar partic-
ulars, apply
G. H. Umbsen & Co.
20 Montgomery Street
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION* AND AFFAIRS
OT THE
CONNECTICUTFIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF
Connecticut, on the 31st day of De-
cember. A. D. 1903. and for the year ending
on that day. as mad« to the Insurance Cora-
mlsaloner of the Stat« of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and fill of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of CaDltal Stock, paid up
In Cash $1,000.000 00
ASSETS. ;
Real Estate owned by Company... 9192.50O DO
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 1,333.250 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3,107,649 00
Cash In Company's Office 389 VI
Cash tn Banks 304.315 73
Premiums In du» Course of Col-
lection 123. S3 1 4S
Bills receivable. not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risk* 8.2SS IS*
Total assets $3,172,088 30
LIABILITIES.
Lossed adjusted and unpaid 137,807 39
Loaaes in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 160,167 00
Losses resisted, including expenses 27.S3S 6O
Gross prentums on Fire Risks
running obe year or less, $1.S27.-
Slft 69; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 913,908 iS
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than ona year, $2.-
»62,93<i 64; reinsurance pro rata. 1,371.010 04
Total liabilities »2. 730. 531 45
s i
INCOME.
Xet cash actually received for Flra
premiums $2,380,413 10
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages I. 64.793 64
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, 'and
from all other source* 124,433
Received for Rents 4.177 68
Received for profits on sala of
Ledger Assets 7.244 53
Total Income $3,081,088 99
EXPENDITURES. =
Xet amount said for Fir-> Losses
(Including losses of previous
years) J1.414.S23 TT
Dividends to S tockholder-i ......... 100.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 887.300 24
Paid for Salaries. F—» and other
charges for ofno-ra, clerks, etc.. 202.827 64
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 94.528 73
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1S7.583 11
Total Expenditures ........ ..$3,587,368 58
Losses Incurred during th» year. .$1,420,292 St
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. | Premiuma.
Xet amount of Risks
written during the
year $281.4S«.»67 S3. 496.067 05
Xet amount of Risks
expired during the
year 230.253.585 3.066M0O 23
Net amount In force
f December 31. 1903. . 333.447.561 4.790.773 33
J. D. BROWNE. President.
„ „. CHARLES R. BURT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thia 4U»
day of January. 19O4.
J. H. THATCHER. Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
BENJAMIN J. SMITH, Manager.
COLIN M. BOYD, Agent for San Francisco.
216 Sansome Street.
S0BTA6 BROS., CitjAgh,, 230 Mootgomsr j SI.
ftjg feSl , un - A , LL " S ni:iNviuoRATor»
BHI tm *U>i>* all loasea and unnatural di*-
M— ~Ji f b « r S« a **» -* hours. You feel an
SS3 35* »nirruvem«nt from the rtrsl dost.
[S3 EH . h * V V.1 much «onfldenc« in our
arm Its' «™*. tm * nt th * 1 we ° a " f' v « hu»-
"** rJ 'or any ca»« we can-
k». WW .r
varkxceJ.. d««t. atrlctures. . kldneysT faHin^
wtiuw. drain, tn th« urine, gonorrhoea, dte*
Die r(Tr» i» of »elf.«bu*« or excesses, which l*»d
on to eonsttai£.tlon and death? I'o, tlvely curts
; the wur»t caa<s In »M or young of that mortl-
1 iNKTiTrr^'Itt *$ tT \ " AL i-"a medical
innillMK, s.v% i:i-..i,i w .,v. Oakland O»t
P D I T O U P Q »«n B.*RBERS. HJW.
: JDIl U O ll llO **;£ bootblacks. t»tV
Q IW *' k^ B4# " 1 ' tmlxA * makers. ca^iSl
dy«r», it^Mt mllK r.umiri... Uundrles. paper-
|h*iu«r. m««. r -. r.lni.r.. »ho» factartsa.
•t»bi.ni.«. i« f -r.*.r«f.. unners. tailors, •tc.
HUOir ANAIf BROS..
Brush M«.ftut*otoi»n. 609 Sacrtuanto St,
XEXT SUNDAY CALL.
Tliis Is One of the Most Fascin-
ating Pages Ever Published
In the West.
HOW TO BECOME A PROFES-
SIONAL MODEL.
SEE THE PICTURES.
Especial attention is invited to
the
DOMESTIC HELP
and
SITUATION WANTED
advertisements.
Readers will also profit by care-
fully scrutinizing the
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
CHANCES
advertisements in THE CALL.
See pages 41 to 47.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
®lk '^ is a characteristic of
"^iic popixiai* If
..PIANO
Like the trill of a bird, with notes sweet and
4 clear,
j) } Tis the Ludwig Piano — its tone that we heari. 1
f The "Ludwig" is the popular piano of the
\ day. It seems to possess features that please.
1^ It produces a tone that lingers — a bird-like
quality of tone that remains with you, and
places the Ludwig deep in the innermost re-
•^s. cesses of your heart forever.
\*-^ We have sold thousands of Ludwig pianos •
$i in California. It is a favorite here. We want I
N you on our list of buyers. The prices are mod- |
1 erate — the terms are easy. *A
931-933 Market Street, San Francisco.
Iyj5tgr"*N: Good Shoes I
/ [W ror Lltttc Women |
/ / 114A \ $1.45 I
B /\ '»L T 1 7P 1 Last week we got acquainted g
¦ Av itf^kTO I with hundreds of bovs and' we tried H
I / \ TT «§S 1 to make them OU F friends by fc™" B
ft i«i. \ I »5^ m * ng them E° od values. |j
\ § We are going to share profits with H
\ \ J^». M the little women of our city. ||
\. \fc^ i^6§2isi\-X Vici kid or box calf, lieht or g
%v heavy sewed soles, stitched edges, g
\^^r new low school heel. M
They look hett.r than the picture Sizes 2 % to sV* £ $ x ' 65 H
NEAT ENOUGH FOR DRESS, SOLID ENOUGH FOR g
SCHOOL. I
I SEE OUR WINDOWS. |
01 SUCCESSOR TO W
@%$&m3$f®^ NOLAN BROS. |
•5?*^"" IJ cunF rfi \ Phclan Building l|
THE PROFIT SMAR1K3 SHJE ST Q^ M ,,_°' 2 8 'l^ arkCt j
j TOOTH HINTS!
ipZUU ntJWdlu
gggBaKgfSmaHfai teeth means a
|,t th- »rr-»t nr.rt conviction of anr on- ; MjftjlHBWT "Blffli umnri K r. A v
»rt.»ultir.R rmrv.tfr* or #mrloy<» or to', \ TP|(BC&»!ig >^7fgflEy J>(JUI 'U U O U >.
»»K,ciatlon ..r oestroyJnr l.rupcrty twlenif I !&%$$$* i$rtiEB& Pw>T teeth sick-
!&M^?*&& From your
fy7^Y' r TI?c r '."??i7i,/H : j^^p^^' food you live.
[CITIZEN 5 ALLIANCE I 1 /^|||#^ You cannot afTord
I - 'Va^rVSt^any.
I>t>^rt irrr^piiy to ihc U« U-partn-n: , '.''„' - •"* v UFi Ai Ll O I 111 D S 0 il
<"HJ«rn« - Aillaru-*. 217 Crt>B«l*y bulldlnc ; U - s - r^J-v rwc»mcT
LXKCLTIVE COMMITTEE. jf,'" - feT^il UENilSl
amex ' *"-"--- c * I jW: • V;'*fj I2C6 Market Street
I THROUGH CARS
ALMOST I
EVERYWHERE EAST. I
DO you realize that the Rock Island 1
System now operates more through H
car lines from California to the Bast than u
any other line ? 1
Here is a list: 1
Standard sleepers daily, San Francisco to Kansas g
City and Chicago via El Paso. h
Tourist sleepers daily, San Francisco to Kansas i
City and Chicago via El Paso. g
Tourist sleepers, Los Angeles to St. Paul and B
Minneapolis Tuesdays and Thursdays via B
El Paso. £ a
Tourist sleepers, Los Angeles to St. Louis I
Tuesdays via El Paso. 0
Tourist sleepers, San Francisco to Omaha and B
Chicago Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays, |
via Salt Lake City. |
Standard sleeper, San Francisco to Omaha and |
Chicago daily. if
Berths, tickets and full information at Southern Pacific ll
ticket offices, or by addressing ¦ p
TMl^Sl C. A. RUTHERFORD, I
JJB^<jffX?y^^S District Passenger Agent, El
P^ScsEM2Js\^^ 623 Market St., San Francisco. fcj
B^^s^sB^t^^B^«EWBBB8BsHBBBt»BBff^ft^
• i! *^|^v A MILLION GRANDMAS all over 11
' jJliff" \ l-V- America point to OASOARETS Eg
UKr "mIIl Candy Cathartic as the most per- ||
W \V Ss^ ect foxntty medicine ever discov- il
f -X*l.'» ered. Good, kind, tender-hearted 11
I <V»>> "^ifif ';" ''••*2Hs oid soul — grrandma tries to help ||
1^ v^- iS^^^f***! others by telling- of the grood thinars If
r *n. jf&&. "'*" '"'" : '^h BnQ na8 l earn °d throuffh experience H
K/~LA tmSja. B '* 1 &nd 80 tho 8ale of OASOARETS is I
=?»r *5^ l vl3lc5il ? •¦•o-B OVER A MILLION BOXES A |j
[^ > J»» *? Br MONTH - Years of experience with I
\ " C&L jbB& '¦• -P'Sr ner own health, and grandpa's and if
t J\ f$P*^lfr*rtt^' r -'Sr ker children's, and her children's §
YT^gy^Bfr^^B&'iy^ children's have taught trrandma I
\ 0^JB3P^y^B. r K-N that OASOARETS Candy Cathar- |
II ''JrTKaP) tlc are the onlv P erf °ct; medicine M
\ *<*¦** >J®8EStcS ' or aU bowel troubles, children's H
\ * JUbIFi&^t diseases, diseases of the stomach H
V ¦AjSs3fc0§a and Uver » bIc1e headaches, bilious- §9
nes8 » and bad Dl ood. Best for the §S
E^MHB^JSi H«^sW bowols - An dxugrffiats, 10c, 26o, W
*//fi)fla^ :: ' t WF m 6^°- Never sold in bulk. Genuine Iff
jGdffc** BWS5&^ tablet stamped O O O. Sample and El
~"a1\ iliy "Zt"? "I"** STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, If
f%J0r ?.££» Ohicairo or New York. I
CATHARTIC ...¦¦¦jrilTg ! g^^^
ANNUAL SALE-TEN RHLLIOH BOXES I
* Breatest In the World ' aim
Easy to quit
COFFEE
i
POSTUM
FOOD COFFEE
"THERE'S A REASON."
THE DbQR OF
OPPOgTOMfTY
f "
Tbe Power to do Thlafj
These are the qualities that open the
door of opportunity and make it pos-
sible for every man to succeed. An
O-P-C suspensory
will do as much for you— «ven
more— in itbe way of ¦ Vitality,
Health. Strength, as any one thing
can. Simply because it relieves the
strain — the severe drain upon a
man's nerve and muscles which
every man experiences, uncon-
scious, but there just the same.
O-P-C suspensories are sold by
nearly all druggists. No doubt
your druggist has them. We as-
sure you it will be to your interest
to insist upon thC|P-P-C. If your
dealer will cot supply you, send to
us. No. 2 O-P-C, lisle, $i.oo; No.
3 O-P-C, silk, $1.50.
"Tl» Warts of the .M*st«r." an internt-
ing booklet, irlvins; reasons why every
nun should wear an O-P-C suspenwry,
sent free upon request.
Bauer & Black
»SJ TwcBty.tilth St. Chicago. US. A.HOUGHTON, Mich., May 14.— A
blinding snowstorm raged .throughout
the copper country to-day. Three
Inches of snow fell in Calumet
NORFOLK, Neb.. May 14.— A kill
ing frost damaged fruit : and vege
tables ! In Northern Nebraska last
night. The temperature reached"* 29
degrees above zero. '
Severe Weather In the East.
BOSTON, .May 14/— The extension
of education to adults was the general
topic considered to-day at the closing
session of the convention of the Amer
ican Social Science Association. Pres
ident Charles W. Eliot of Harvard
University outlined the problem.
Harvard President the Speaker.
WASHINGTON, May 14.— It Is possi
ble that Great Britain may become in
volved in the threatened clash between
Brazil and Peru. United States Minis
ter Thompson cables the State Depart
ment to-day from Petropdlis that Bra
zilian officers yesterday stopped a
British ship at Manaoas while she was
making her way up the Amaion River,
on the ground that she had aboard 260
cases of ammunition destined for the
Peruvian military forces in the up
river country, the possession of which
is now a subject of dispute between
Brazil and Peru. As there has been
no declaration of war, it is expected
that the British Government will enter
a protest against the stopping of the
ship as illegal.
Some high grade bonds have risen
in price, but the general tone in bonds
has become rather heavy in sympathy
with stocks. United States 3's regis
tered declined % per cent on call dur
ing the week.
The Financier this week says: The
notable features of the official state
ment of the New Ydrk Associated
Banks last week were a new high rec
ord for loans and a decrease in pub
lic deposits, the latter chiefly due to
the surrender of the-"""TjOvernment
bonds, which have been held in the
depository banks since April 2 await
ing the disbursement of the Panama
money. There was a further import
ant decrease in cash holdings follow
ing the heavy loss in the previous
week, as the result of the exports of
gold to Europe during the week.
Loans were increased $7,898,600, part
ly because of corporation borrowings
and of operations incident to the.nego
tiations of the New York City bonds
in the previous week. The Japanese
loan last week probably contributed
Indirectly to the increase in this item.
Specie decreased $12,476,400, repre
senting the average of the withdrawals
of $14,000,000 gold last week and of
the average of the $9,000,000 with
drawn in the previous week for ship
ment to Paris. This $5,000,000 taken
on Friday for export on Saturday
counted for one-sixth of the amount.
Legal tenders were increased $2,055,
100, making the net loss of cash $10,
421,300. General deposits showed a
decrease of $2,097,400, while those of
public funds were reduced $23,184,600
through surrenders to the treasury on
account of the Panama payment. The
reserve requirements against general
deposits were reduced $524,350, de
ducting which from the net loss of
cases as above, left $9,896,850 as the
decrease in. surplus reserve to $12,
827.-250. Computed upon deposits, less
those of $32,912, S00 public funds," the
surplus is $21,055,450. It may be ob
served that the statement was made
on declining averages for cash, the
midweek's shipments of $9,000,000
gold counting for but one-half, while
that of $5,000,000 on Saturday as
above noted, was accounted for in the
statement for only, about one and two
thirds milliqns. The engagements on
May 14 of $10,500,000 for shipment on
Tuesday of the coming week will
count in the averages for the full
amount, causing' the institutions to
start the bank week, including the pre
vious average losses, with an import
ant decrease of gold which will be
only partially offset by the receipt,
through transfer from San Francisco
of $2,500,000. There was a remark
ably" good balance shown by the state
ment considering the movements dur- v
ing the week, the sum of the loss of
cash, less the gain in loans, being only
$425,300 greater than the decrease in
general deposits. Comparisons of
loans show that eix banks gained
$8,000,000. net.
A growing inclination to sell stocks
has been reflected in the week's de
clining'prices. A feeling of doubt and
distrust over the general situation and
outlook of business seems to have
been responsible for the # pressure
rather than any special developments.
The unprecedented volume of gold ex
port movement, however, has proved
rather formidable to the feeling of
assurance with which this influence
has been regarded hitherto. The de
cision to make the canal payment in
Paris involved the prompt withdrawal
of funds from New York for transfer
to Paris and the gold exports for this
purpose are rapidly depleting the New
York reserve.
The United States Steel securities
have played a leading part in the
week's trading with maxked sympa
thetic effect on the whole list.
NEW YORK. May 14. — Prices of
stocks receded for a time to-day and
then recovered partly, closing irreg
ular and generally, lowers than last
night. Acute weakness in the Erie
shares had an unsettling effect and
seemed to be based on the material
decline in earnings compared with last
year. Amalgamated Copper reacted
from yesterday's advance. The gen
eral movement ¦vras narrow. The evi
dence of support for United States
Steel preferred bad a somewhat reas
suring effect upon sentiment. The
bank statement also failed to show as
large an impairment of the surplus as
was feared, by reason of the unexpect
edly moderate loan expansion. To
day's shipment of (5,000,000 gold does
not figure In the statement at all, nor
does the payment this morning of
$2,191,000 by the sub-treasury on ac
count of the Japanese gold wharved
at San Francisco yesterday. Also ar
rangements already made point to the
shpment on Tuesday of $10,500,000 of
gold and the limits of the gold move
ment do not seem to be yet in sight.
Until Paris relaxes its demand for gold
the movement does not seem likely to
be checked. The allottment of the
Russian loan in Paris may release
funds on a large scale.
Total sales of bonds -to-day, $645,
000.
Shipment of Money to Meet
Panama Payments in Paris
Aids Feeling of Doubt
Vessel of United Kingdom
Is lured Upon and a Pro
test May Be Presented
SITUATION IS SERIOUS
STEEL MAEKET STEADY
England May Become En
meshed in Complications
Between Brazil and Peru
Prices Eecede for a Time,
but Close Very Irregular
After Recovering Partly
GOLD EXPORTS
AFFECT STOCKS
MAY INVOLVE
BRITISH LION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY-MAY ,15, 1904:
31
ADVEBTISEMBNTS.
GRADER© !?
Tns GtrsL of All Korthem Sstreats. ;'
> Grove, Toresft. OUdo sad Sell.
Crest. Canyon. Kill and Sals. h
Knoll, Xnob. Peak and Mountain. »"
The hem© of the .trout, and the haunt of tn«
deer.. Beached over -tha North dhoro Ry. rta
Sausallto'Terry.*- " " " • t" '^•"*-'/ %r . ¦ * . y
A year ago I leaned- this resort for- aV num-
ber of years. To-day I havo the pleasure to
tell you that, owing to last season's biff and
unprecedented patronage, I nave purchased this
magnificent domain o^'over 1200' acres.'* A *thor»
ough renovaiicn has been made of all the prop.
crties, -insuring the best of service and'-ao^
commodatlon. In the matter - of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley hah
been added, also a new tennis court, and boit,
Ing and b* thing on the river, all free- to suesta.
Free camping-ground* In the Cazadero • giant
redwoods from - May until October. - but sani-
tary rules must b« complied with.
Lots, one-qyarter act e, . for sate, from SIM
up, and cottagea built . to suit at city figures.
Take Sausallto Ferry vfa' North Shore Rail-
road. Round trip, good for six months. $3 79k
Round trti>. fc-rtday till Monday. $3r no stag 1^
ing; depot on the ground. Fare -at hotel or cot*
tages, $2 per day; $10 to '$14 per week; spe-
cial rate by the month. " ¦
For particulars other than herein grr«n writ*
J. J. -THIKIOX. owner and manager, Ilotel del
Cazadero, . Sonoma Co., Cal., or North Shorn
H. R. of flea, 626 Market sW San Francisco. »
VACATION 1904
IS NOW BEADY FOR DISTEIBDTION. ¦)
"VACATION" is issued an- !-
naally by the j ¦ /
CaliforniaNorth western R'y
1EE PICTURESQU3 ROUTE Cf CAUTQZSZX
..^jmil Is the standard publication *C
on the Pacific Coast for In forma- it
-. ¦ tlon regarding
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS,
COUNTRY HOMES 'AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
¦• • ¦ : . t •
This year** edition. "Vacation ¦
1904," contains over 150 pages,
beautifully Illustrated, and la
complete la lta detailed inforrna-
tlon. as. to. location,, accommoda-
tions, attractidns," etc.; wltlx
terms from $7.00 per week up.-
To be had at .Ticket Offices. 6S0 Market
Street (Chronicle Building), and Tiburon Ferry.
foot .of Marks; Street; General Office. Mutual
| Life Building.- corner of Sansoms and California
Streets; San Francisco; ia Oakland at' 973
Broadway.
Application* by Mall Will Becelv* Im-
mediate Bespossa.
f
H. C. "WHITING. Gen'l Manager. *
R. X.RYAN. Cen'l PassT Agant
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian Rrver
below Guerneville In a grove a mile and aTial."
long, tkirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; will build a dam In the river; 4 mile*
of smooth water for boating and bathing.
Adulte $2 per day, $10, per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special ratea for fami-
lies. Opens May 1. Address SIRS. L. C. CXO-
PIUS, Camp Vacation. -"Vacation" P. O... So-
noma County. CaL '
Own Simmer » 5 Camu Meeker
Pure water, equable climate, lots celling $10
up; cottages built by Meeker. $50 up; depot;
stores: restaurant;, hotel; post and axpreaa;
telephone; sawmill: 900 lots cold: 30O cottagea
built. ' Sausallto ferry. N. S. '- R. It. M. C.
MEEKER. - Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health and plsasur*
resort U now boen.for the patronajs of >ti«
public Address JOHN JACOBS.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively Improved since last season.
Opens April 1. THOS.U* BELI* Mgr., Ftltoa.
Cal. Buy tickets to 'Tuxedo.' narrow-gaag*,
foot of Market street. Round trip. $3.00. ¦ .»
LOS GATOS. n
HOTEL. L.TNDOM — Modern improreaueatB.
extensive grounds; popular amusements; lawa
tennis, croquet; climate unsurpassed. Opposite
depot. J. P. MOGENSON. Prop.
V. 8. B.R. TOCZJXl^OlYXfK Karla Ca.
¦ Bertrand Hotel; ' first-class .accpnnqodationa;
special rates for families and parties; fishing,
hunting boating, bathing; beautiful drives t»
Bear Valley; telephone. JOSEPH F.. BER-
TRAND, or Bulletin Office, .every Thunday, 3
to 4 p. m. ' ' ' -¦' ' • *" m ¦' ¦ '
WHlTi; StJliP HTTK SPEHTOS, VaUejo.
Cal. — Most accessible springs .Ai San Francisco:
round trip $1. no stage, fare; only...2jS . hours'
ride: 5 miles from Vallejo: hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cures ai rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and
stomach diseases. Beautiful, grounds and !ak»
for boating ' and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowling ' alley and shuffl* board. Rate's.
$10 a week. -including, baths. Address MA.Nf-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo.. Cal. . ¦ \
• • , PSSOASZSO.
• Swanton Jlouse. I under ttsw management,
-popular hotel. ot San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages/ beautiful grounds, famous pebbls
beach, fishing, bunting, sea bathing. Phon*.
Rates. $8 ; and" $10 per" week.- O. C . LUCK.
LiaDHEB'S PABX, Guerneville. '
- A resort, for your family." Partly furnlahed
cottages, $1-- per .month and* np. Tents and
Dlatforms.:. Kear. Russian Hlver. Board and
room at «T 6» P«r' week. See PECK'S. XI
Montgomery, st. v \ . > •¦ , <^
MoxrarPAuryvVurW'itAJrdK koteii
and cottages; In the mountains, near Santa
Cruz. First-class table and. accora.. ,ga3, baths,
phoce. daily mall; bow4tag, 'croatiet. anius»-
ments; terms. $» up. Campers t6Gl«nwoQd. Inc.
carriage, $3 75 round trlp-TRANK R. PA.N.V.
-Santa Crux.; Frederlcksen <t-Snttcn. Managers.
XkATTEZOa . GROVE PABX-^Cnlldren's
resort during summer, vacation; best of home
care; beautiful grounds: climaterperfect: fresh
milk and eggs: open June 1: terms* *5 per
1 week. MRS. O. W. NICHOLS. Dlmond P. Oi.
FrOltvaje.- , _ • ¦> ¦ " '*
UXOW- RAKOI. delightfully -.located In
redwoods 5 miles from Santa C.ru2. Spring
water fruit, milk.- excellent tahle; daily .roaii;
-free conveyance: V weekr»pfcone S7.
MRS. AV. CHAXDEIX. Santa Crut. CaJ..«
. BEI.I.EVTJE KOTEt, El-.V*rano, So-
noma Co.. Cal Terms, SI day^'aacl up: hot
mineral :sprtas» near toy^ «t,on* rvftstance tet«- .
• phone r :dany Tnaii: JQUS SEltRKH. Proprtotdr.
SCHAETITB'S GEOVE — BOSS VAZAS7.
Private -UoartUng; terra* r<?a.-iunaiiie. Team
'meets Sunday moxnins, Jrainiat -lAiWresa MRi>.
MATT LINDSAT. Rosa Station. , '•
FOR -rent 1 at Camp Meeker — A cczy cottage:
, furnlshetl. Address box 3S«> .C;MU : ¦¦¦y,/'
FOR rent— Campin? lot. with sewer, water and
shade trees. A. BOCICK. San Anselmo,
If you. need help to make tliat
summer waist or oiitlng suit an-
swer our EMPLOYMENT
WANTED . ads.
Reliable ' seamstresses at rea- *
sonablc rates. ¦
RECENT MENUS.
O.f 19, 1904, the Third Dis-
•-• trict J.Iastors* Association tendered
a banquet to P.. W. James II. Edsall,
D. D. O. M., at (lie Imperial, Brook-
Irn. The ircnu is a sumptuous one
. zv.i aTDPiig 1 ether drinkables contains
Moot & Char.don White Seal Cham-
•. T::e banquet of the Fn-ndly Sons
- of Ireland was hold at the Jersey
City dubhotire on March 17, 1904.
J!o?t & Chandon White Seal graced
.* ilic meniu
Mocr & Chandon Brut Imperial
Champagne and Apollinaris mineral
water -were served at the thirty-sixth
' "annual banquet of tbe Friendly Sons
of St. Patrick, held at the Burnet
¦ House, Cincinnati, on March 17,
" * 1904. '
Tire: Bxxth' annual banquet of tha
Shoe and Leather As-
Bodction tols held at the Commercial
Club, St Paul, Minn., on Febnitry
" 17, 1904. We note from the menu
that the only Champagne served traa
" " Mo5t &. Chandon White Seal.
Mofcr & Chasdos White Seal vna
th.9 Ch&mptgne served at the ban*
quet given by the Journal Company,
cf Albany, to its •workers. He re-
' . past was served tt the Neir Senmora
Oil March 20, 1904.
• Tm University CTub of Brooklyn
• gave its first annual dinner at their
•club building on Saturday, March
26, 1904. Moet £ Chandon White
.Seal \\-as the wine selected to grace
the occasion.
At the New Tontine Hotel, New
"•." Haven, Cocn., on March IS, 1904,
the sixty-eighth annual banquet of
• .tfce Yale ZAfercry Magazine vras held,
• ' upon which occasion only Moet &
" Chandon White Seal Champagne \ras
served. — Bonf ort's New York Win*
and Spirit Circular.
'¦¦¦ Moet &
: Cfrctndon
' Own mere vineyards than all other
.• "leading houses combined assuring
the continuance of the highest grade
. of champagne in WHITE SEAL.
• This brand leads all others in im-
-. • portation and has the preference at
all smart functions.
WILLIAM WOLFF & Ca, '
21C Mission St.
Pacific Coast Agents.
Makes Men
Vigorous
Valuable Prescription by Which Any
Man can Make His C wn Remedy
to cure Himself at Home Sent
Free to All Write for It.
WILL MAKE A MAN OF YOU.
For the return of that youthful feeHn*- of
m»nhoo<S a' prominent Detroit physician and
>.:.!!• is in possession of a receipt which ht
ka« himself used ia hi« own extensive private
practice with the raost startling sacctss.
Though the years have passed, its equal ha*
rovfr t*-en foun<l £.nd with It thousands of
weak rr.< n have brought about the cares they
so much longed fcr. The doctor willingly
cendj the formula entirely fr^e to any man
mhu writes him for it. and they vrill find It
a gift of lasting value. It Is good for sex-
uai weakness, lost manhood, nervousness,
weak back, emissions, varicocele, lack of
fcrce. prostatlc trouble, nirht sweats, inabil-
ity* an 4 the many other cmbarras»!nff condl-
tlors that befall the eerually imperfect man.
tt creates a a innniediate nodal feeling, warmth
and F'.-jJ nature, forces active blood to the
muscular tissue, tones the nervous system and
arouses bcdHy confidence. It makes tbe man
cf €5 as rood ef at S3. and the young roan
•again eager fcr society and fit fcr marriage
and parenthood. Satisfactory results are pro-
duced Jn a day'* use. and a perfect cure in a'
few week,"*, regardless of age, or the cause of
your condition.
If you need such a remedy fend your name
• end fcddress to-day to the Dr. Knapp Med. Co..
3016 Hull Bid?.. I>etrcit, Mich., and in an un-
marked envelope the doctor will at once send
you the receipt, as promised, explaining in de-
Udi what ingredient* to use end how to oom-
jour.d them so that any weak man can cure
himself in his own home without b^ine under
obligations to any one. It costs you nothing
and the eocacr you write the sooner you will
be cured. "~~
"T" " "7
Y^Q Perfect Fitting \J\\
fM Eyeglasses c-M
j M Moderate Cost (V
V 642
.Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARAITTEE3 CTJBE POtt JSEH.
ZABMX.ESS IHJECTXOlf . Cures ordinary
' .-.f *s In a teir days. Warranted to cur©
woret cases. 2fO OTHTB T*EATMXWX
EtotriEED. Prevent* and Cures Stric-
tures. FREVEVTS COKTAOIOH. Harm-
less. J2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
P. S. KEI.I.yS gHAWWACT. 102 Eddy.
IASTHMANOLAI
. Is tne cnly cure for 2t ervons and
BrcncMal ASTHMA.
Xcur DruuiUt ur &t &us haioUX 3T«
v £&n Franciico, Cal
ADVERTISELiENTS.
Ibartlett
..SPRINGS..
An Ideal Mountain HEALTH and
PLEASURE resort
BARTLETT .
Mineral water has benefited more
I people than any other water on the
coast
BARTLETT
Climate is surpassed by none.
It is a spot where the weary will
find rest, the Invalid grain strength.
the sick improve in health and the
pleasure seeker have a good time.
There Is a resident physician, a
manager of amusements and masseurs
In attendance at the baths at Bartlett
Springs.
I The visitor will find everything
; done to make his stay profitable and
enjoyable.
For hotel rates and for housekeep-
ing cottages, write J. E. McMahan,
Bartlett Springs, Cal., or call at 2
Sutter St., San Francisco.
["NEW" SANTA CROZ]
COATUriTOTTS ENTPHBTAHTMEirr
SAT AND irXOKT.
JXTHE, JtTIiTf, AUGUST and
BEPTEMBEE.
Something: Doing All the Time.
New mammoth casino and bathing pa-
vilion; the finest in the West,
New tent city on the beach.
New 600-foot pleasure pier.
Dally military band concerts.
Dances every evening.
Brilliant electrical illuminations.
New and novel 'water sports, boating and
fishing.
Safest and best surf bathing on the
Coast; no undertow.
Finest climate; grandest drives; largest
trees.
Most amusements of an* resort on the
Coast.
Special excursion tickets at reduced rates
from all points by S. P. Co., to
| "NEW" SANTA CRUZ )
FREE EXCURSION
-TO—
TUSCAN
SPRINGS '
MAY 1O, 19O4,
For the next sixty days the Tuscan Mineral
Springs Corporation will furnish railroad trans-
portation to and from Tuscan Springs and any
points within 300 miles, free to visitors who
spend.thlrty days, and free fare one way to
those spending twenty Cays at the springs.
Send Mta in stamps for bottle of -stomach and
catarrh salt. Booklet free.
Rates $12 per week and up.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRING CORP.,
Tuscan, Cal.
Olf/lf*f*O H0T SPR 1*GS. SONOMA
OyT/l #7 f/O COUNTY; only 4% hours
w«»*» www from san .¦ Francisco and
1 ™ but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State; boating and
swimming in Warm Spring Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, daily mail, ex-
press and Ban Francisco morning and evening
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
•SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tiburon ferry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 k day or $12 a week. References, any
guezt of the past nine years. Patronage of
1003 unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery st. or of
J. F. MUI,GREW. Skagga. Cal. '
WHCY EXPERIMENT?
CO to ADAMS SPRINGS
Lake County, Cal., and get cured of stomach,
liver and kidney trouble. Information at Peck's
Bureau, 11 Montgomery et., and at Travelers'
Bureau, 30 Montgomery st. Reduced rate.s, $'j
for round trip. Testimonials of more people
cured than any spring's in California. Send tor
book. Address DR. "W. R. PRATHER, Adams
Springs.
Harbin Springs
Most desirable in Lake Co. ; contains sulphur,
iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and billiard-room. Acetylene gas
plant, livery, home dairy, fine vegetable garden
Round trip tickets. S. P. office, $7. J • A
HAYS. Proprietor. •
f\\l T\ t\ II' K* 4 Springs; on line South-
U V U I I Rl ern Pac!nc : -U hours from
K I K I Ml San *Tsnpl*co; 3 trains
111 I Illl dally; luxurious mineral
U I II V II ' and mudVbaths; hotel
unique in cuisine service
and appointments. Information at' S. P"*Co
Bureau, 613 Market St., Peck's Bureau 11
Montgomery St.. or II. R. WARNER, Byron
Hot Springs. California.
LAKE COUNTY
New, i comfortable carriages direct to the
mest picturesque portion of California. Best
equipi**d stage line .n the State. Leaves Calls-
toga daily (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m.,
direct to Harbin, Selgler, Adams, Howard, An-
derson, Hobergs, Spiers, Aetorgs and Glenbrook-
half hour for lunch at Calistcga; also to Mid-
dletown. Lower Lake, Kelseyvllle and Lakeport.
Livery in connection. WM. SPIERS. .Prop.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Extensive- iianrovements this year. A new
spring found wnlch will effect more cures In a
day than tbe other waters in a week; 15 n*iner-
al springs. We guarantee cure for dyspepsia
kidney, liver, stomach, rheumatism, blood, skin
diseases, etc. 510 to 516 per week. Information
Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st...or J. 21AR-
TEN8. Batchelor P. P.. Lake County. Cal. „
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cruz Mountains,
Now open.' For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery, or. 8. P. Co.. C13 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop.; Ben ¦ Lomond. Cal.
HOWELL ML, WOODWORK'S ?,•?„¦£¦
No fog. Purest spring water.. Climate natural
tonic and. Jnvlgorator. Residence 2) years. |7
per week. Woadworth it Muller.St.HeUna.CaU
RPDItCHPIM Delightfully situated in the
DCKUJUCllTL Santa Cruz Redwoods. Rates
97 and $8 '= per week. . For circulars - address G.
T. BIEDENWEQ. R. D. 121. Santa Cruz. Cal.
DESIRABLE EESIDEITCI!— For rent
tot summer, 10 rms; refs. Box 4; San Anselmo. '
THE flEYSERS
Tli* Most ramoni Healtn and Pl«»iux«
Beiort in California.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged the
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting, fishing,
dancing, shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAOEt have b«ea
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
line pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable in connection with the hotel. Th*
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will b« supplied with the beat the
market affords. Rates. $10. $12, $U" and "SIS
per week. For further particulars and booklet
writ* R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Qey»ers,
Sonoma County. California. ¦
~~~\ — — — — — i
Agua Cal iente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
Ban Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare $1 10; sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. . "We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank in the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day, $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st,
or address THEO. RICHARDS, Agua Calient*
Springs, Sonoma County, California,
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can Feat 400 guests.
I GILROY :[—
|TOT SPRINGS]
For health and pleasure^ Reno-
vated and improved.' Water
unsurpassed for rheumatism,
kidney, liver and stomach trou-
ble. masseur. Long
distance phone. Trains from
Third and Townsend at 9
a. m. and 3 p. m. Write ' for
pamphlets.
R. ROBERTSON.
Why stay in the city
with; its' mist and fog?
There is no fog at &
AETNA SPR.NGS
There the days are warm
and nights dry. Just send
• for* Booklet. AETNA
SPRINGS CO., Napa Co.,
/*"* .Calif. «9* jt «j& «j*
Ideal summer i resort, , hunting, - boating, . fish-
Ing. Music every evening. Bend for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN, Midlake P. C.Lake county.Cal.,
or call on Dr. Happ?rsberger,1104 Market. S. F.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, fishing, ,
boating, launch, horses, tannis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser in bathhouse, club-
house, etc., increased accommodations, mod-
ern conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed. Table
a specialty. Rates per week, $10 to $15. Photos
and information at Chatfleld * Vlnrenfs. 228
Montgomery St.. or Capt. F. W. CLOUGH,
prop.. Soda Bay, Kelseyvlile, P. O., Lake Co.,
Cal. ¦¦ .
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswlck.' Slskiyou County. California. -' ~
. Writ* to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
Under new management. Up to date. Beau-
tllul grounds. Running stream and pond with
good fishing. Playgrounds for children. Free
carriage meets all trains. J. D. CELLA, Mgr.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from> Truckee. In an unbrjken
forest. For information Inquire at Traveler
office, 30 Montgomery St., Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H." MV demons.' Truckee. CaL
SOLID COMFORT HOME
¦Extensively improved; 1900 feet altitude; no
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot, cold baths; spring water: cement
Ewtmmltig tank. 40x80. Rates $8 week up; stage
meets train. Kohuler & fc'cheben. Napa- Cal.
jxiLMLii-'"" 1 ~ r ~ " — : ' —
ipiiPIII -T E IV T S
wKaJ^KKWJKB'll Awnlsrs. Hammock*.
H"**nC jVijlftJW Bag"*.
teWiX'fftartSggi w. a. px.traoxEB.
Tel. Main 940, 111 Clay st.
JOHANNISBERG. /
New hotel; modern convenience«riarg«, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
ing; $10 and 512 per wwlc. THEO. . BLANCK-
ENBURG JR., Prop.. Oakville, Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU.- 30 Montgomery . at.
Bathing Suits
20 Post Street
REDWOOD VILLA. RESOKT.
, Excellent board, home cooking; tent ground.
If desired, with board, $5. Room and board $8
to $10. "Best hunting and fishing. MRS. A. L.
ACKEIUIAN, La Honda, San Mateo County.
WHY NOT TRY
HighlqQd
IF YOU ARE GOIMC TOTHE ;
Springs
\UE OFFER TOU THE BEST OF MINERAL
~ ~ waters, accommedations ~. and . -senrlc*.
Table unsurpassed. Rooms lia'rd finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly . painted.
All the popular sports and amusements. Liv-
ery, telephone and postoHlce.* :> - #
Shortest route and cheapest' fare ' t» Lake
County. Most centrally situated, - D*Hghtful
excursions on Clear Lake and to- other"iesorts.
Make your reservations now. O --
TERMS — $10 to $17 50 per week. ' For Book-
let, etc.. call on our agvnt. H. R. DUFFI?»,
638 Market street, or address - ' *' ,
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs, • CaL
I Spend Your Vacation
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Qfifinifc San Luis Oblspo,
yPIIil^d Cal.
The most ideal resort for pleasure and
health on tht Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, San Luis
Obispo. Cal.. and return, ' including stage
to and from springs and one week's
board for $2O.UO to 922.OO. according
to location of rooms; or board and a' com-
modations 90.0O to $12.00 per week.
Scenic surroundings, free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. Fine
shady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
iianee pavilion for guests. Fine sea-
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table is well supplied with the beat the
market., affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Oblspo at 3:15 p. m.
tvtry day (except Sunday). . •
This is no hospital or sanatorium.
Situated in Vendome Park of 12 J
acres, ' a channlng summer resort; f
both city and country advantages: %
automobile garage on the grounds I
| free to guests. Bathing pavilion, B
¦ bowling alleys, tennis, etc. - New au- H-
to road map of the county mailed on H
application. M
J. Vr BROOKS, Manager. &
PARAISO SPRINGS
California.
• The leading summer resort of Cali-
fornia. Hot soda and sulphur bath3.
Excellent" table. Concert by Bro-
haska's ¦ Band every day.'' : Send ¦" fcr ;
beautiful booklet and rates to
P. W. SOHBOEDEB, ifer.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
. "IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND — Saata Cruz County.
• REGULAR SEASON.
Will open May 15th under entirely new man*
¦gement. Round 'rip tickets from San Fran-
cisco $3.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery St., S. F., or to WILLIAM tt.
DODGE. Lessee.
j CAMP CURRY |
< i . THE BEST ' '
WEATHER FINE
U FALLS FULL |
I YOSEMITE 1
SEIGLER Springs
Natural Hot. Baths. Positive cure for rheu-
matlem, arthma. Wonderful waters for liver.
kidney and ail stomach troubles. Swimming
pond, gymnasium. Orchestra.*.- Hard-finished
rooms. -Fare $9. return trip. Electric lights.
Arsenic beauty baths. Dairy. Rates (10 to 112
: per week. Baths and amusements free. Address
; H. H. McGowan. prop., Selgler. Lake Co., Cal.-
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America. 'The. only lake
resort that has its own mineral springs. Boat-
Ing, swimming, fishing and hunting. EDGAR
DURNAN, sole proprietor. Laurel Dell P. O..'
Lako County,; Cal. •
VICHY SPRINGS
Three miles from Uklah, Mendocino County.
Natural ¦ electric waters, champagne - baths.
Lovely' grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal
spring; accommodations and table first- class.
J. A. REDEMETER. . Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPMNGS
OPEN May 15. Two miles from Hopland.
.Tln« medicinal waters.. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates <10, to $12 per 'week. .
SANTA CRUZ MOUNT AIN&
.", • . . GBASTD CENTSAIi HOTEL.
F«lton,~ CaL Ratea reasonable.
/ MRS. I. N. HAYES.
LAKEPORT'AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakepcrt
and. Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains, at Hopland. Leave Hopland at 12 ;3o;
arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett
Springs' at 7:30.~ New - 6-horse 14-pasaenger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Ban.
lttt Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Sprln^ 3
Stage Line. Ticket* can be purchased at ofnc«
of California N. W. • Ry.. fcio Market st. or
at Tiburon ferry. ; " • ¦ . . ¦ » .
MILLER & ¦ HOWARD. Props. .;
TOK BENT, I.OS OATOS, CAZt^— Suite
5 rooms for summer: completely .furnished; all
modern Improvements; center of -town; -beautf-"
ful view; rent moderate. .Box 3852, -Call. ...;;
• ; FOR S2JIT — Nice 4-room cottage on
ranch,' furnished for - housekeeping; ' ' Address
MRS. E. SURRYHNE, Santa Rosa. Route 2.
Sonoma County, Cal
¦ .- - -¦¦>..'• "... V "'*»".*_ >t
Most people don't eat
too much — according to
their appetites.
The trouble is that
appetite (in these culti-
vated days) is no longer
the trustworthy guide
it was designed to be.
It's apt to play hob with
the machinery.
' i The beauty of "FORCE"
is that it fits any appe-
tite, aiyi makes digestion
wait upon it.
-«V If "FORCE" limply mad* people h«ppy,
nothing more, it would oe a power for good.
But when yon know it makes them etrong,
enenretic. useful— million* of them— think bow
tt must be pushing the world ahead.
MARKWEST
H ' K £o?. E * SPRIN6S
MrtS..J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will manage the springs; many, improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day; $10 and $12 week. Office 833 Larkln
at., cor. Geary or Mark West Springs, Santa
Rosa, Rural No. 6.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS
Open June • 1, new hotel; large dining-room,
telephone, bunting, fishing, swimming, bowl-
ing; dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau
30 Montgomery at. DR. W. A. McCORNACK
proprietor.
FftRnF'^ DECT Forde's Rest, heart of Santa
rUttUL 3 KCM Cruz Mts., S. P. C. R. R..
round trip $3; enlarged; surrounded by two ro-
mantic trout streams; fishlnc, hunting, bathing;
a picturesque place. Adults $6 CO per week,
children half price. W. C. FORDE, Eccles,
Cal. \ :¦ - - : ¦ - .. .
FASHION STABLES
GILROT, Cal. Direct line to Gilroy Hot
Springs. Ail open carriages ;. first-class turn-
outs; best atock in State; telegraph and phone
orders promptly attended to. H. T. MAYOCK.
Prop. - . ' - -- ¦ ,.¦-.
il LAKE TAHOE.
LAKESIDE PARK. Openj.May 1.- Hotel,
cottages and tents. Popular family resort. De-
lichtful camping grounds near eteatner land-
ing. Furnished tents to rent" Booklets. Trav-
elers' Bureau, 30 Montgomery *t.,' or of E. B.
Smith & Co.. Rtatcilne P. P.. Cal.
WALL SPRINGS — On Guerneville
branch Cal. N. W. R. R., Sonoma Co.; phone;
pavilion; bus meets morning train; hot sulphur
baths; circulars. SIRS. C. N. MEREDITH,
prop., Healdsburg, '. R. D. . 1. .. r ., ; -..-
OCCIDEirfAL HOTEL, HATWABDsT
¦ Flrst-claes resort; tennis, croquet, bowling,
amusement ball, etc. Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDARD, Prop., phont
Black 141. ¦. ¦ -
KrVERSIDE HOTEL and COTTAGES
—Near beach; 30 acres beautiful grounds; spe-
cial rates to families; write for booklet. F.
DARSON. ProDrletor. Santa Cru*Raising Sponges.
An. interesting investigation now be
ing carried on in Florida by the Bu
reau of Fisheries has for Its object the
discovery and development of meth
ods by which the valuable sheepswool
sponge may be cultivated artificially.
The method which promises the most
satisfactory results is that of using
cuttings. Large sheepswool sponges
are cut into small . pieces, which are
fastened to an Insulated wire fixed In
the water, sb that" the sponges are sup
ported a. few. inches above the bottom.
These small, bits, placed at. close in
tervals along the wire, soon heal and
form an organic attachment to It, and
very soon begin to' grow. \It la too
soon to predict just what the results
will be, , but ¦ the indications are so far
very_. encouraging,., and it Is believed
A Mornmsen Anecdote.
Our European exchanges' contain
many good • anecdotes concerning the
late Theodore Mornmsen, the great
German historian. They refer chiefly to
his absent-mindedness, which .was one
of this learned man's most conspicuous
failings. On one occasion the profes
sor was engaged in his study in pro
found researches and \ failed to notice
the presence of his ; servant, who an
nounced lunch was ready. :.. The servant
asked if he might 1 bring if in 'to the
professor, and, receiving no reply, laid
the table near his writing desje. lie
turning ten minutes later with some
flsh. the dishonest menial - found the
•soup untouched.* Thinking It too good
to spoil, he sat down and finished soup
and flEh. unobserved of the professor.
The remaining courses suffered a- sim
ilar fate. About an hour later Momm
sen looked up from. his work, and, feel-
Ing a A-acuum, proceeded to the kitch
en to ask why luncheon had not- been
served. "But the professor had his
luncheon an hour ago!" expostulated
the.servant. "Dear me!" said the his
torian of Rome; "how could I be so for
getful?" and returned peaceably to his
study.-Leslie'a Weekly.
•Who will say .now that lovely., woman can't" throw
things when she wants, to? At the recent annual field day
games of Vassar College a dainty - and demure miss
from Poughkeepsie increased the baseball throw distance
to one hundre'd^andhinety-nve feet and three inches.
-" "TV ' V"* "' '"~7.'~ >¦'¦¦._" - • • ¦ - ¦ ¦¦. — .-.,.- .-.-•¦-;_
IT is announced that bills have just been passed -by
Congress to throw open to', settlement, this
"four great Indian' reservations in the West. One is
in Montana and comprises 1,010,000 acres of land; an
other is the Rosebud reservation of 416,000 acres in
South Dakota; a third, the Devil's Lake reservation of
104,416 acres in North Dakota; and the fourth, the Red*
Lake reservation in Minnesota; containing 'about "400,000
acres. . ¦ * * • .. ; ' . ¦ • '. '?. ' : '.' * . ' • ¦ ."
Our Department of Commerce and Labor .has been
examining for some time into the ; cause -which •' has
prompted nearly. 12,000 American families, to remove to
the Canadian Northwest in the last- year,, and it.will.be
interesting to note how far the opening up of; these
vast tracts of land will: go toward; stopping; that. tide of
emigration. The drain would be of less effect were, ; it
not that those leaving constitute a desirable class,;going
to the agricultural districts to become producers. The
new comers from Europe are to aMargc extent dumped
into our cities to consume rather than to. produce, and
therefore they, have not a- tendency to offset -the loss.
The .per capita* wealth of those leaving is also.consider
ably in excess of. those, arriving. • :-'...: ¦•'?./>. »
As yet no satisfactory reason for the ;exodus has;beeh
advanced. . So far, as known )no. exception, can -be! taken
to . Canada's methods in offering 'inducements to 'locate
THE EXODUS TO CANADA.
Genuine eyeglasses, specs. 20c to 50c.
81 4th St.. front Key, West Oys. House •
BRUNHILDE— A Subscriber. City.
Brunhilde or Brunehaut, born 534,
died 613, was the daughter of Athana
gild. King of the Visigoths. She be
came Queen of Austrasia in 563 by
marriage with Sigebert. one of the
four sons of Clotalre. Her sister, Gal
sunda. had married Chilperlc. King of
Neustria and a brother of Sigebert.
who at the demand of his mistress.
Fredegonda, abandoned and murdered
his Queen. Brunhilde determined to
avenge the death of her sister, so sho
induced her husband to invade the do
minions of his brother Chilperlc.
While besieging Tournay Sigebert wa»
killed and Brunhilde waa made a
prisoner; she escaped to Austrasia.
deposed Childebert, who was occupy
ing the. throne, and re-established her
authority. She then became ambitious
and reckless. Having Instigated a w**
between her grandsons, she was cap
tured by Clotalre II, son of Frede
gonda, who subjected her to torture
and insult for three days, after which
he caused her to be tied to the tail of
a wild horse, which being turned loose
dragged her to death. Her remains
were then reduced, to ashes, which
were scattered to the winds.
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic ore-etched boxes. 715 Market sL #
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 104X *
Now and again the smoke of-inquiry and of scandal is
still seen hovering over the postofnec. Only the most
stubborn effort can subdue. a conflagration of rascality
such as swept in the last few months over this great de
partment of the national service. We should not ¦ be
perturbed therefore as the investigators rake through
the ruins of reputations and a. little, smoke of. exposure
arises.
UPPER TEX — UPPER CRU3T —
Subscriber, Oakland, Cal. "Upper
ten," as applied to society, was coined
by N. P. Willis and was first used by
him to designate the fashionables of
New York City, who. In his opinion,
10,000. "Upper crust" Is
sometimes used to designate upper
ranks of society. It seems that long,
long ago the upper crust of a loaf of
bread was the orthodox part of a loaf
of bread to place before distinguished
visitors. Furnivalle, in hla "Manner
and Meals of Olden Time," has the fol
lowing:
Furat para the quarters of the loCe round a!l»
•bout.
Then kutt the vpper cruste for your souerayn*
and to him alowt.
\\ tE get, a twinge instructive in the differences in
\/\/ forms of p government by events abroad. The
' V^V r German Reichstag has, taken up the art battle'
between the impressionist and classical school of painters.
The impressionists complain that they- are excluded from
the.. German art exhibit at' StI Louis by the rules of the
game made- by the Kaiser.' Their woe has been uttered
in the. imperial "Parliament.
Agreat many people, doubtless crude aijd unlearned in
art, regard the impressionists as a school of freaks, who
daub . different colored- paints haphazard on canvas and
leave to the impressions,' the imagination, of" the beholder,
the task of clothing the'result with form and motive.
The impressionist painterjs believed by such to have the
sense -of color only, and-to leave such trifles as drawing
and. perspective -to the ¦ unimaginative and commonplace
souls who bow down to form.
We by no means wish to excuse the Kaiser for.inter
fering with the paint market by knocking at the impres
sionists.;-Perhaps their work is factor in
developing the, imagination. j That faculty of the mind
won't work afall unless it get a job. 'When the severely
formal and- classic painter puts on canvas a horse it is
recognized, even by the humble pilot of a "squeedge" in
a livery stable, -as ahorse. Therefore he suffers from
atrophy of the imagination and - never rises above" his
."squeedge." '.But when an impressionist hitches up a
horse I on. canvas ;i he ' beholder . is left ' in doubt whether
it isa horse, a sheep, $. griffon," a or just some
spilled paint. • - ,. ¦
: Now set suclr a horse to plowing' the"" imagination* of
a "squeedge" pusher and who can foretell the result?
It may develop his imagination until he will' write poetry,
for his 'experience .will , naturally lead him^to mount
Pegasus, or. he may tell fairy tales/engage in figuring out
a .Democratic, majoritytar the next: election or immerse
himself in some other work of the imagination.
We regret that Count Posadow'fcky,'' the imperial Home
Secretary, addressed to -tlv. • Reichstag slighting remarks
on: this subject : that" excited Fughter. The land — of
Schiller and Goethe should^ be respectful toward the in-j
effable architecture of. the 'imagination; '
ART IN THE REICHSTAG.
WEDDING PRESENTS— N. N.. City.
Wedding presents If. engraved with Ini
tials should bear, if for the lady, the
initials of her married name; If Intend
ed as a present for the husband and
wife then it should bear the lnltal of
the family name of the man.
THE GOLDEN OATE— A Subscriber,
City. The Golden Gate, the entranco
to the bay of San Francisco, Is one mile
wide at its narrowest part.
The young student : of Berkeley who became a thief
that he might be on dishonest equality with' his richer
fellows has not only been taught perhaps' the bitterest
lesson of his existence, but he has served as a warning
example to hundreds who may be' tempted but will not
fall. The crushing humiliation of his shame will be
more potent for good than a thousand admonitions.' \
THE COLORS^ — Sub., City. The colors
worn by the Jockey who rode Mee
hanus February 22, 1904, wore orange,
with red cap.
Answers to Queries.
TENNY — W. T. B., City. Tenny.
which ran a race with Salvator in
1S90, was a stallion.
Cliincse Names.
The Associated Press, with commend
able enterprise, has prepared for circu
lation a lengthy compendium of Chinese
wordB, made familiar In the press dis
patches on the war, with their English
equivalents. This list, which follows,
will be of great interest and ready as
sistance to readers who are following
closely the panorama of events In the
Far East:
Alin, mountain range: Balgaau, town;
Cha, barrier; Cha-hwang-mu, boom;
Chal. fortified military camp; Chau.
district city, islet; Chin, town; Chow
Chow, rippling of water; Chuang, bor
ough: Chuen, channel; Chung yuen,
mainland: Fau fu. buoy; Fau tau,
roadstead: Fu, departmental city: Gau,
harbor: Gol, streamlet, small river:
Hada. mountain range; Hla, lower;
Hai. .sea; Hai kau, bight, creek;
Hai klo, cape: Hal mun. estuary;
Hal yau, gulf: He, black; Hai
kau, strait; Hiang tsun, village;
Hlen, Chau, district, city; Ho, river;
Hola, or Holun, town; Ho tun, light
house: Hu, lake; Hung, red; Hwan,
bay; Hwang, yellow; I, barbarian; Kau
Khou, mouth; Khl. streamlet; Khlao,
bridge; Klang, river; Kiau Khlao,
bridge: Kin. gold; King, capital city;
King chi .chau. peninsula: Ko, rocky
peak, headland; Kou. streamlet; Kwang
lau, . lighthouse; Kwan, custom
house; Ku. . valley; Kuan, forti
fied military camp; Lau, tower,
old; LI. inner, also one-third of
a mile; Lin, forest; Ling, chain of hills;
Lung, tiger: Ma, horse; Ma tau, jetty,
port; Miau, temple; Men, gate; Muren,
stream; Nan, south, southern; NI, mud;
Nor, lake; Nui, Inner; Omo, lake; Pau
tai. fortrPe, pel, north, Pe, white; Phu,
village: Po. lake; Psi. north; Pu, sea
shop; Pwang she, rdeks; Sampan, boat;
Sha, Hand, sandbank; Shan, san, hill,
mountain; Shan hu, coral; Shang, up
per; Shan ting, mountain chain; Shan
tau, bluff, cliff; Sha slen, shoal; Sha
tan, bar: She. stone; She tan, reef;
Sh!n. spirit (celestial): Shui, water;. Si,
west, western; Siau ho, rivulet: Slao,
smal!; Slma (Japanese), Island; Slwo
(Japanese)r current; So, town, village;
So, fortified military camp; Ssu, vil
lage; Ta. padoga; Tau, island, head;
Tau tu, clay; Ta, great; Tchuan, Tchu,
stream; Tcheng, town; Tchang, vil
lage: Than, rapids; Thsuan, streamlet;
Thsun, village; Thing, subprefectural
city: Tien, village; Ting. TI tau, pro
montory; To mu. wooded; Tse, small
la,ke; Tsi, village; Tsiau pi, cliff; Tsui
sha,- gravel; Tsui wei, rocky, stony;
Tung, east, eastern; Tutan, ferry; Ula,
river; Ussui small river; Wan, bay; Wl
mo tl, Isthmus; Wei, outer; Wei, mili
tary post; Yang, sheep; Yen tun, bea
con, buoy; Ylng, fortified military
camp; Yi, post town.
Thc Climbers.
0 y«v so far beyond me on the Height.
1 cannot hear your voices as ye stand
Facing the Vast, in visible, to me.
But I can see your gestures of delight.
And something guess. of that wide glo-
rlous sea.
The glimmering isles of that Enchanted
Land.
The winds which from that ocean fresh
ly blow.
And so youi\ Vision lifts me toward the
Helghft
Although yc have forgot me far below.
But you. my brother, you, my near of
kin, . ...
Who some few steps above me on the
' steep
Look smiling bark to cheer me ever on.
Who lend a hand as I the chasm leap.
And stay your haste that I the crag may
Thinking it scorn for Strength to climb
- alone;
You, with your morning song when
sings the lark.
You, with your surer footing where I
fall.
You, with unflagging purpose at high
noon.
And quiet-hearted trust when comes the
dark — . - -
To you I owe it that I climb at all.
—From The Outlook. .
WE are in receipt of important information per
regular mail from Lookingglass, Oregon. It
comes in an envelope printed on both sides with
a prospectus of the contents which were behind the
sealed flap. It is the announcement by Mr. James In
man of his candidacy for the Presidency of the United
States upon a platform to be made known later.
Mr. Inman is a cautious man and says that his plat
form will be kept from view until the other parties, in
cluding the Prohibitionists, have announced theirs, when
he will spring it upon the country and. proceed to besom
things. The only glimpse of it at present permitted is
his statement that "it will be an evolution out of the old
rut as it were." We think that fill a long-felt want.
He is frankly verbose about what this platform will do
when it gets in its work, for it is to make this country a
"white-winged messenger of peace and life." That is
what we want, onty we insist on some guarantee that
when it gets wings it shall not fly away. Mr. Inman is
convinced that with white wings the country will give
everybody "a dinner, home, clothes and a bed."
This poultry idea of government is original. It is in
teresting. We take it to mean that the country, when
duly winged and feathered, is to lay eggs for the people.
After exploiting as far as he chooses his hen coop no
tion of government he piques public curiosity by briefly
remarking: "My running mate, a woman, will be an
nounced later." This is as it .should be. A government
on the poultry plan needs a woman. No chicken ranch
succeeds without one.
He closes by announcing that, this preliminary docu
ment, is mailed only to leading publications— we bow — in
this country and in the capitals of .Europe, also to the
President and Cabinet and to foreign potentates- Then
Mr. Inman, "saluting the world and extending the hand
of friendship 'to the hu'man'race," signs his name.
Mr. Hearst will take notice 'that he is not the only
candidate for the Presidency who blows his own horn.
It is" to be regretted, that, both want to run for the
Presidency, for Mr. Inman would make a fine candidate
for second place on Hearst's ticket, though it would in
volve a breach of promise to the woman who is to be
announced later.
ANOTHER CANDIDATE.
A Bakersneld coroner's jury, in a display of discrimi
nating, intelligence customary in these adjuncts of the
law, has decided that nobody was to blame for the death
of the prize fighter who was recently kiljed in a fistic
encounter, in the southern town. Ignoring the very pal
pable effect which the blows of the victorious plug ugly
must have had on the deceased, might it. not be well to
fasten responsibility upon the authorities that permitted
the murderous exhibition? ....
f»pec:Rl Correspondence.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
b HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN*. LONDON, May 4.— Most of
the biographies of th* late Dr. Samuel
Smiles fail-etS to mention that the fa
fnous author of "Self-Help" had a de
cided ta!enl for painting, and originally
went-d to be nn artist. The fact is
worth mentioning, however, as an ad
ditional proof of his many-sidedness.
Surg-eon. editor, railroad man, lecturer,
chemist, biographer, he not only turned
-his h*nd to many varied employments,
but made some sort of a success at
rach of them. And the themes of the
whole shelf-full of works turned out
by this literary veteran, who has Just
passed away at 91, are significant, as
snowing how n:any different subjects
appealed to him. "Physical Educa
tion." "The Huguenots in England and
Ireland" ar.d "Thrift" are not titles
that -would suggest works by the
Vame author, and though most of his
many works are similar In being bio
graphical, the careers that he under
took to trace were unlike enough — com
prising as they did. those of Stephen
,s?or>, she engineer; Thomas Edward, the
r.^turaUFt: John Murray, the publieh
er; Jasmin, the barber, poet and phil
anthropist, and Josiah Wedgewood, the
•potter.
In 2pite of, or perhaps because of
the fact that few men's Works ever ap
proached the circulation of "Self-Help."
no one seems to have any idea of how
much Dr. Smiks made out of it. For
•A Publisher and His Friend?."' how
ever. Dr. Smiles received $10,003 down.
CU"t of the profits of "Self-Help" Its
author built himself an uncommonly
comfortable house in the suburbs of
London, and on th? foundation, stone
was placed a copy of the book from
which young m-n of so many nation
alities have imbibed its writer's prin
ciple of reliance on oneself. Cecil
Rhodes was one of these. Opening a
new library in a small South African
tov n. the Colossus once said: "I have
been called an empire-makT. I don't
know about that. But there's one
thine I know and am sure of, and that
is," and here he lifted Dr. Smiles' "Self-
Help." "that «re have here what is still
better— a man-maker, a character
maker." A query made yesterday at
one of the: largest public- libraries in
London as to whether there still was
ary considerable demand for "Self-
Hclp" elicited the reply that only one
work of the kind was called for bo
often. Thut, Americans will take some
pride in hearing, was Lorlmer's "Let
ters From a Self-Made Merchant to His
Son.'
Dr. Smiles' immense vigor even when
nearing 30 excited the wonder of every
onr- who met him. Within a year of his
death — at 81 — he still took his morning
wa!k. smoked three or four cigars a
day. indulged in a certain number of
glasses of port, and did a good deal of
reading — without glasses. One of the
last books that this old Scotchman read
before his death was- "Wee Macgree
gor."
It will be welcome news to the ad
mirers of the late George GIssing that
an opportunity is now offered them to
show their appreciation both of the
man and his books. The English So
briety of Authors. London, has invited
contributions to a fund for the purpose
of keeping flowers on his grave in the
little cemetery of St. Jean de Lur in
the south of France. It is from a
Frenchman that the suggestion orig
inally emanated that this tribute should
be paid to GiEslng'E memory, and in
making it he recalls the fact that when
Guy de Maupassant's mother died she
bequeathed a sum of money . to the
French Society of Authors to be de
voted to a similar pious purpose.
Some critics of the late Sir Edwin
Arnold's work have asserted that much
of his poetry lacks inspiration; that he
harnessed his Pegasus whenever he had
need of him and turned out verses much
as ho wrote leaders. How far wrong
these critics are has Just been shown
by a writer who quotes what Arnold
once told him of his methods of poeti
cal composition. "I do nqt at any time
force poetry," he said; "I must be thor
oughly in the mood. These moods come
imperatively, but very irregularly. My
method is this: Either I write first, and
roughly, on . scraps of paper, or my
daughter takes it down from my dic
tation—she is the only one who can do
so for me — as I walk up and down the
room and smoke. , I put the rough notes
in my pocket until the next day. Then
I read the verse over arid over, correct
and copy all out myself, altering It
very much and filling It up. These
scraps 1 enter Into a sort of daybook
or ledger until the work Is nearly fin
ished. I treat the matter thus com
piled as the rough draft. I go over it
myself, polish it and transcribe it Into
a second book, which may . be called
the poem itself, but still In a rough
state. Then I copy It out again, and
finally, in a fair manuscript for the
printer. Every line of the poem, there
fore, passes through my mind three or
ffcur times." ;'-'.
Rudyard Kipling, it seems, is addict
ed to wooing the muse while cycling.
It is thus, according to his friend,. Dr.
W. H. Gowers. that he, composed "Our
Lady of the Snows." The phrase had
been haunting Kipling for some time
befor* th» thing happened that furnish
ed him with the needed" Inspiration.
This was the news that Canada had
been extended a preferential "tariff to
that the time is not far distant when
the sponge fisheries of Florida will be
vastly increased in productiveness and
value.— National Geographic Magazine.
His Nerve.
Last of all they told the story of old
Captain Conkling and the Holyoke dam
— a story known to every -diver. It
seems there was a leak In thia dam,
and the water was rushing through
with so strong a suction that It seemed
certain death for a diver to go near
enough to stop the leak. Yet it was ex
tremely important that the leak be
stopped— in fact, the- saving of the dam
depended on it. So Captain Conkllng.
who was in charge of the Job, induced
one of his divers to go down, and re
luctantly the man put on his suit, but
instated on having an extra rope, and
a very strong one, tied around his
waist.
"What's that for?" asked Conkling.
"That's to help get my body out If
the life line breaks," said the diver.
"Go on and do your work." replied
Conkling, who had little u*e for senti
ment.
It happened exactly as the diver
feared. He was drawn into the suction
of the hole, and when they tried to pull
him up both hose and life line parted
and the man was drowned, but they
managed to rescue his body with the
heavy line, just as he had planned.
Then Conkling called for another
diver, but not a man responded. They
said they weren't that kind of fools.
"All right," said the captain, in his
businesslike way; "then I'll go down
myself and stop that hole." And he
called the'men to dress him.
At this time Captain Conkling was 73
years old and had retired long since
from active diving. But he was as
strong as a horse still, and no man
had ever questioned his courage.
In vain they tried to dissuade him.
"I'll stop that hole," said he. "and I
don't want any extra rope, either."
He kept his word. He went down.
and he stopped the hole, but It was
with his dead body, and to-day some
where in the Holyoke dam lie the bone3
of brave old Captain Conkling. incased
In fulf diving dress, helmet and hose
and life line, burled In that mass ¦•£
masonry. No man ever dared go down
after his body. — From Cleveland Mof
fett's "Careers of Danger and Daring,"
the Century Company.
IT has been suggested to the Governor of Colorado
that he have the militia on guard on election day in
Denver. It is a. city election. Mr. Thomas: Patter
son/Democratic. United States Senator, has, in a public
tpeech, denounced the Democratic candidate "for 'Mayor
as a corrdptionist and", an expert in defiling the ballot
box. ¦ Recent elections in Colorado have been impeached
as criminal reversals of the actual will of the people. Mr.
Shafroth, an able Democratic member of Congress long
in the service, whose seat in this Congress was contested
on the ground of fraud, after examining the evidence re
signed and asked that Mr. Bonynge, the contestant, be
awarded the seat.
It may be said that these events are not singular in
American politics and that similar disorders appear in
older States and what arc regarded as better ordered
communities in the East. But such events an<J revela
tions in Colorado take on peculiar significance, because
thci State has woman suffrage, and in the crimes against
*?ie purity of the ballot box it is shown that women were
participants and in some cases the active agents. This is
unpleasant. It is a rude awakening from the dream of
universal suffrage, in which the ballot in the hands of
women has been pictured as a purifying, influence that
would purge grossness and crime from American politi
cal methods.
It has been insisted by the proponents of woman suf
frage that not only would politics be whitened and burn
ished but that through the influence of woman upon the
laws the grogshop, gambling and the grosser vices that
arc the degradation of society would disappear. This
has been the claim of that good and strong woman Miss
Anthony and of her co-workers, the late Mrs. Stanton
and that devoted band that chose for its life work what
it called '"the emancipation of woman."
There seemed much reason in their argument. Insist
ing that the home derives -its beauty of character, its
cleanness of life* and all that makes it sacred from the
presence and influence of woman, all of which is con
ceded, the conclusion was reached that the same influ
ence enlarged , upon the ample field of politics would
bring it under the same ideal conditions that bless the
home. Has the expectation been realized? That is the
question that must be answered and the facts to answer
it must be sought in the States where woman suffrage
is the law and the political emancipation of woman is
complete.
We do not violate a proper neutralit}' on that issue
nor abandon a position .that is receptive, a mind open to
argument, when we express the opinion- that the facts as
shown in Wyoming. Colorado, Idaho and Utah do not
support the argument for universal suffrage. . To this it
is answered that if election frauds and the persistence of
vice that the law should suppress arc arguments against
female suffrage they also impeach male suffrage- " But
this begs the question.
No one has ever, claimc'd that the mere deposit of
suffrage solely with men would make an • anti-ferment
against the evils of society. From the side of male suf
frage it is merely claimed that the ballot is not'an im
prescriptible privilege, but that it is a responsibility. It
has no inherent virtues nor self-acting merits. Men. are
not changed, by it nor it by them. In its use they
neither gain nor lose any pre-existing quality or charac
teristic. As a responsibility they may discharge it well
or ill as they do other obligations. It is merely a device
and the only means for ascertaining the will of the,ma
jority in a free society founded upon the theory that the
majority rules. • ...;.-..-
But for woman suffrage it/is "claimed that the ballot
in. woman's hand is a more* sacred thing. ,. It is an exor
cism of vice, .a sort of sacramental thing that takes on
the healing influence of moral medication for the cure
of those evils that. are in the marrow of all human so
ciety. We appreciate the enthusiasm and devotion which
can see in such a ballot- the means of making of 'ail so
ciety a place of purity, modeled upon the best homes. If
such a result were possible it would end all contention.
But the. experiment is still, on' trialon a very extensive
field. The home' condition has not been projected into
politics. Has the political condition been projected into
the home?
Moral conditions are never at the angle of repose.
They are restlessly moving in one direction or the other.
Woman, free of the responsibility of the ballot, has pro
tected the home against the demoralization of politics.
Can she do so with the responsibility of the ballot box
upon her? Can she. march and fight and do home guard
duty at the same time is the problem. If her marching
and fighting accomplish nothing but leave the home cit
adel unguarded can" her 'field -duty. be. justified? That is
the problem and the answer: of facts in ; Colorado does
not seem to sustain the argument for woman suffrage.
An Unknown Botanist.
"Whether he be a man of science or a
crank is. all guesswork, but the strange
actions indulged In by him for the
past six years»have attracted the atten
tion of the few who have noticed his
peculiarities. ,
The man seems to be a foreigner
from his dress, his general appearance
and also his accent. This strange in
dividual makes a periodical visit to
Golden Gate Park on the first of each
and every month with a regularity only
equaled by the revolution of the earth
round the sun. Getting off the car
at the Park entrance on Haight street,
he walks directly* to the Panhandle,
where a large fir j tree stands out in
prominence. Just as his watch points
to the hour of 12 he takes from his
pocket a tape and makes careful
measurement of the circumference of
the big fir -tree, noting the same In a
memorandum book which he carries
wrapped in a piece of oil silk and tied
about with a string. Having perform
ed this delicate operation he takes ob
servations on the leaf expansion, the
height and other features of the tree,
also making notes of the same. This
done he leaves the park and returns to
the city. . v
With the exception of one grlpman
on the Haight-street line, this strange
individual has never mentioned his ob
ject in taking observations on his fa
vorite tree. To this man he once con
fided the information that that tree
grows one Inch in circumference every
year, with a proportional height and
exoar.sion. This valuable information
he is going to leave to future genera
tions when he dies, but no man shall
ever read of his discovery until he
passes away. He wishes to be consid
ered as a great botanist.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE.
British imports, which would, strike
the ordinary mind as about the most
prosaic piece of intelligence that could
be gleaned from a newspaper. But it
fired the Imagination of the Poet of
Imperialism. He heard It on a. Satur
day. On Sunday he mounted his wheel
—he was then staying at Torquay— and
when he returned recited the verses to
Dr. Gowers. Ho said that he did not
Intend to publish them for a week or
two, but his friend urged that, they
should be printed at once, and they
were dispatched red hot to thj? Times.
It will be remembered that in Canada
6ome exception was taken to the title,
and this Dr. Gowers considers "an in
stanc- alike of ingratitude and pervert
ed overs«nsitiveness."
Lord Xelson's infatuation for the
beautiful but faithless Lady Hamil
ton is generally regarded as the one
serious blot on the memory of Eng
land's greatest yoldier, but in the es
timation of collectors of autographic
letters that fact will rather . add to
than detract from the value of an
epistle he wrote her and which is to be
offered for sale at Sotheby's early
next month. It Is dated September 25.
ISO*, and is headed "Victory Off Lis
bon." It reads:
"I am anxious to join the fleet, for
it would add to my grief if any other
man was to give them the Nelson howl,
which - we say Is warranted never to
fail. I have read, my Emma, with much
interest your letters wblch I got at
Merton, but I must have many others
afloat. I do feel by myself— what you
must have felt at not hearing from me
from January 29 to after May 18. I
fancied that they had . been stopt by
the Admiralty on the account of Sir
John's' orders. • • • I mention all
these circumstances that my dearest
Emma should never think that her Nel
son neglects or forgets her for one mo
ment No, I can truly say, you are al
ways present wheresoere I go. I have
this letter ready in case I should fall
In with anything from Lisbon home
ward steering. May God bless you
my best, my only beloved, and, with
my warmest effections to Horatio, be
assured I am for ever your most faith
ful and affectionate, etc."
This is supposed to be the last com
plete letter penned by Lord Nelson to
Lady Hamilton, and if anything can
condone his passion in the eyes of puri
tanical moralists it is the depth and
sincerity of his affection for this wom
an which is betrayed in every line of
It. An unfinished letter written by him
to Lady Hamilton and found after his
death in the cabin of the Victory is
now among the nation's heirlooms in
the British Museum. A letter written
by Wellinston ths day after Waterloo
will also he a feature of the Sotheby
pale. The Iron Duke was proof against
any form of feminine infatuation and
his moral character was without stain,
but for all that Nelson Is undoubtedly
th«> more popular hero of the two.
HAYDEN CHURCH.
Where Royalty Is.
The private apartments of Windsor
Castle have been so changed that no
one who saw them prior to Queen Vic
toria's death would recognize them to
day. This is especially the case with
Queen Alexandra's personal suite of
rooms, which were those that Queen
Victoria kepi specially as her own.
Thus all the old-fashioned furniture
and hangings have been removed, and.
instead of being somber, as formerly,
everything is light and airy. The win
dow hangings of the Queen's bedroom
and those of her bed are of wftlte sat
in, embroidered with the Imperial
crown, while the walls are paneled in
soft rose silk, and the furniture, of
which there is not overmuch in this
room, is of the daintiest empire period.
The <£essing-room and bathroom ad
joining: the bedroom are quite different
to what they formerly were. The
dressing- room has pink marble tables
and silver fittings, and the bathroom
is paneled with white marble and
Sheraton wood. All the fittings in this
room are of silver, while the marbles
used come from" Greece, from quarries
which have only recently been opened
after having been .closed nearly 1000
years. The predominating color of the
King's bedroom is Irish green: the silk
panels, the window hangings and the
thick, heavy carpets — the latter woven
in Ireland, not in Turkey- — are all of
that color. The altting-room of the
King, which is the apartment used as
a bedroom by his father, has a high
wooden dado of fine solid mahogany,
with beveled panels and pilasters run
ning all around it, and it has been
painted an ivory whiteJ The ceiling is
not painted, but is left, perfectly white,
though Just below it runs a deep frieze
of pale sea green h.uej which sets it
off very well. The celUng is dec
orated with moldings/ of . flowers
and fruit. The carpet Is deep red
velvet pile,' the curtains are' of
red silk to match the carpet, and
thus a warmth is given to the room
which it might otherwise have lacked
by reason of the white ivory color of
the w,alls. The furniture is all eight
eenth century, reupholstered and pol
ished to suit the King's taste and the
color scheme of the room. The King's
bathroom is of pink marble and pan
eled In cedar wood.
within her borders, and ' she has unquestionably done
some clever advertising,, but that alone is not sufficient
to cause, so many Americans to leave their country.
The. movement could possibly be checked by counter
adverfising through the departments' at "Washington, and
it presents to our own State Board'. of Trade and to the
California Promotion Committee, as >well as to our
various county organizations, a chance to earn new
laurels. We have yet. much available land in this State
that surely is as good as the average in Canada, and it
is. difficult to conceive of any reason for the movement to
that country other than a difference in land values. Our.
organizations should get in touch with the Department
of Commerce and Labor in. order to be in a position to
intelligently show the facts, and should then invite here,
to the best. of. all places, (hose-in the East who, because
of worn-out farms or other reasons* are about to relin
quish their birthright and lose their American identity in
the rigorous climate of Western Canada.
- * ~ •¦ , ~ -~ . < ~ .- - - ' ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ • ' . - . ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. ; MAY :15. 1904.
THE SAN FRAN CISGQ CALL
OHN D. SPFECKEIJ, Proprietor . ?;.?;>..,« Address All Commcnications to JOHN McNAUGIjT, Manager
rabUcation OfUco <J^H£^ > Third and Market Street*. 3. P.
Sunday ....:. ... . ../...: ... :.;.. .v;'."; : . . ... i .... . ::::'¦:. .¦/:..¦.'.¦ . : . .... . . . , . : ; '.'--.. ...... T7. .: ..may is. 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
32In an affidavit filed yesterday by H.
W. Postlethwaite, president of the
Holmes Lime Company, he gives no
tice that on May 20. in Judge Hunfs
court he -will ask for an Injunction re
straining Thomas Mannix. a contrac
tor, from violating his agreement to
purchase all his lime from Postle
thwalte's firm and the Henry Cowell
Lime and Cement Company. The af
fidavit sets up that Judge Hunt erred
In sustaining Mannlx's demurrer to
the original suit for an Injunction
brought by the Henry Cowell Lime
and Cement Company and that the
plaintiff is now entitled to an injunc
tion on Its amended complaint con
taining the facts, the absence of which
from tho original complaint brought
about Judge Hunt's decision. The af
fidavit also contains the assertion that
there never existed at any time a con
spiracy on the part of the ¦ Holmes
Lime and Cement Company and the
Henry Cowell LIm6 and Cement Com
pany and the Contracting Plasterers'
Association to comer the lime trade
or to form a trust. Postlethwaite de
nies that he ever threatened to drive
Mannix out of business for violating
the agreement to purchase lime from
any but the plaintiff corporation.
H. TV. Postlethwaite Files Affidavit In
Connection With Salt Against
Contractor Thomas Mannix.
LIME DEALERS RESUME
INJUNCTION PROCEEDINGS
On recommendation of the regimental
board the following promotions and ap
pointments have been made: Private
Harry 8. Griffith, band to corporal, vice
Armas, discharged; Corporal Charle3
Creighton, Company B, to be sergeant,
100 per cent: Private Samuel P. Rus
sell, Company B, to be corporal, 95 per
cent; Private Cornelius Sheehan, Com
pany B, to be corporal, 90 per cent;
Corporal Lawrence E. Fenton, Com
pany F, to be sergeant, 85 per cent;
Corporal Henry D. Tuggy, Company G,
to be sergeant 90 per cent
Since March 19 twenty men have been
discharged from the regiment and ser
vice of the State, nine on account of
removal, four for the good of the ser
vice, four at expiration of term -of ser
vice, two by a two-thirds vote of the
company and one exempt
The Infantry and the artillery will
have a joint trip into the country on
next Saturday. Companies A, F and G
of the Fifth Infantry and Batteries B,
C and D of the First Battalion of Ar
tillery will start on & practice march
Saturday' afternoon from the other side
of the bay and will head for a site in
the vicinity of Piedmont Springs, where
they will bivouao for the night On
Sunday forenoon there will be guard
duty, guard mount, drill, drill In ex
tended order and minor tactics, and
after dinner there will be dress parade
and a return \o the armories. The men
of the several organizations— and It Is
expected that there will be about 200
rank and file — are enthusiastic and
anxious to make a good showing. In
this they are encouraged by the supe
rior officers. To-day Captains Petty,
Grattan and White of the artillery and
Captains Hunt and Wethern and Lieu
tenant Schroder of the infantry will
accompany Major Smith of the Fifth to
the site selected for the purpose ot ar
ranging company streets upon which
to pitch the tents.
There being some dispute in the Sec
ond Brigade as to who shall brief a
communication. Brigadier General War
field has issued an order to the effect
that as present regulations require
communications to be briefed by the
writer such shall be the practice until
regulation 631, on this subject. Is
changed to conform with the army reg
ulation on the same subject
In the First Infantry Private Alexan
der M. Ross has upon the recommenda
tion of the company commander been
detailed as company musician.
Upon the recommendation of the
company commander and at the re
quest of the individuals First Sergeant
Charles T. Wilmarth has been returned
to duty as sergeant and Corporal John
S. Sevey to the grade of a private sol
dier. Sergeant Vernon R. Branch has
been promoted first sergeant, vice Wil
marth.
Infantry and Artillery Will
Have Practice March on
Saturday, Then Bivouac
GUARDSMEN TO
SEE PIEDMONT
Music at the Park.
The following programme will be
rendered at Golden Gate Park this
afternoon: "Star-Spangled Banner,"
national anthem of the United
States; march "Rogers Brothers in
"Orpheus" (Offenbach); waltz, "Moon
light on the Rhine" (Volstedt) :
solo for trombone, selected, Louis
Klotz; selection, "The Fortune Teller"
(Herbert); overture, "Fest" (Lassen):
song. "Sing. Little Bird" (Parker),
flute obllgato; suite, "Peer Gynt"
(Grelg); fantasia, "Charge of the
Light Brigade" (Puerner); selection,
"I'Lombardi" (Verdi.)
The Supreme Court decided yester
day, that C. H. Rhodes must pay $750
and / Costs of litigation to W. B^ Mc-
Hatton. McIIatton gave some per
sonal property to Rhodes for a piece
of .Missouri real estate that the de
fendant is shown not to have owned.
McHatton discovered that he had been
given a bad deal, and sued for dam
ages. He won in the lower court and
the higher tribunal affirms that de
cisiop
McIIatton Wins Contest
The members of the Public Health
Commission of California met yester
day morning in the rooms of the
United States Marine Hospital Ser
vice on Merchant street Matters per
taining to the general health were dis
cussed and acted upon, principal
among them being the use of street
[ sweepings in Golden Gate Park as a
fertilizer. Health Officer D. F. Ragan
called attention to the fact that this
character of debris, Instead of being
Incinerated, was carted to the pity's
playground and that he had found
cases of diphtheria as a result of its
baccllli. Secretary Louis King of the
. Merchants' Association said that the
sweepings might be used on the sand
dunes for the purpose of making
young trees grow and a sort of a com
promise was effected by an order
compelling the garbage men to wet
the refuse down bo that it will not
blow about.
The careless handling of garbage on
the streets by scavengers and the prac
tice of shaking carpets* out of doors
were pronounced nuisances and Sec
retary Louis Levy-was directed to ad
dress a communication to the Board
of Health on both matters. Dr.
Regensburger made a motion that the
commission recommend to the Board
of Health that the street sweeping
nuisance be abated and that each
member of the commission bo em
powered to wear a badge that could
be used in effecting arrests of violators
of health ordinances.
A resolution was adopted whicH will
prevent the removal of rags, sacks,
ropes and second-hand clothing from
the Chinese quarter, and Drs. Blue,
Ward and Regensburger were ap
pointed a committee on ways and
means.
The meeting waa attended, by Drs.
Stimpson, Cummlng, Ramus, Currie,
Trotter, Weeks and Blue of the Fed
eral service; Drs. Regenburger, Foster,
O'Neil, Woqlsey, Dickie and Matthew
son of the State service; Drs. Ragan,
Hassler, Hughes, Stinson and Harvey
of the municipal Board of Health; Dr.
Taylor, chief surgeon of the North
Shore Railroad Company, and Secre
tary King of the Merchants' Associa
tion. On Sunday next the members of
the commission will visit the quar
antine station at Angel Island and in
spect the sterilizers used for disinfect
ing clothing and material brought by
incoming ships. »v>
Use of Street Sweepings In Golden
Gate Park .Made the Subject
of Discussion.
Only ten persons in 100 have both legs
cf the same length. More than 50 per
cent have the left leg slightly longer
than the right
Borne men lose their hair by butting
in at the wrong time.
Arthur McCollum, a clerk, residing
in San Jose, filed a petition in insol
vency yesterday In the United States
District Court. He owes $657 and
has no assets.
Insolvent Clerk.
HEALTH COMMISSIONERS
WILL ABATE NUISANCES
Important S. P. Changes.
Oregon Express, train Xo. 18, ¦will leave
foot of Market street at 7 ' p. m. instead of
6:05 p. in. as heretofore.
A new train, Reno passenger. No. 14, will
leave at 8:06 p. m. for Sacramento. Truckee.
Lake Tahoe, Reno and principal nay stations.
Will arrive at 7:50 a. m. These changes will
take effect Sunday. May 15. •
Competitors Coming From Different
Parts of the Coa^t and Australian
Atldetcs May Be Here.
The games committee of the Cale
donian Club has received letters from
- different j.arts of the coast to the ef
ftct that well known athletes will
Come to compete at the annual gather
ing of. the club at Shell Mound Park
*oa Monday, May 30. There will also
_be a number of *local competitors. It
Is expected that the Australian ath
lete? who are to participate in the
'MynVj'ian games at the St Louis Ex
position will arrive here to-morrow on
the .Sonoma. If so, the club is in
-fortr.ed they will remain here to take
; art in the games on May SO.
. There are forty-one events on the
programme, which includes wrestling
for the first time in the history of the
club. Among the Australians are sev
eral crack wrestlers. There is also a
foot race lor members of football
tlubs under the auspices of the Ama
teur Athletic League. A special event
will be the bagpipe competition for
a goM medal valued at $250.
CALEDONIAN GAMES ARE
AROUSING INTEREST
General MacArthur, accompanied
by his aids. Major Parker W. West
and Captain Frank L». Winn, and also
by Colonel George Andrews, Colonel
William S. Patten and Captain W. S.
Overton, made a tour of inspection of
the bay fortifications yesterday. They
first wont to Alcatraz, which place
they carefully inspected. Xext they
steamed over to Angel Island to in
spect the submarine mine station at
that point, after which they returned
to town.
Alcatraz and Angel
Islands.
General MacArthur and His Staff Visit
MAKE TOUR OF INSPECTION"
TO POINTS IN THE HARBOR
NO DECREASES PLANNED
The Board of Education yesterday
had under consideration the salary
schedule for principals, teachers, jani
tors and other employes of the Public
School Department. No definite con
clusion was arrived at by the board
with the exception of an agreement to
increase the salaries of deputy super
intendents of schools from $150 to $200
per mo-nth. The Board of Supervisors
has been requested to provide the
necessary funds for the increase and
if allowed, the salaries will be fixed at
the higher figure.
The proposed raise will affect Depu
ties MacurUa, Suzzalo, Heaton and
Shelley. An attempt was 'made during
Superintendent Webster's administra
tion to have the salaries increased, but
as Webster and the Phelan Board of
Education were not on good terms at
the 1 time the attempt was unsuccess
ful, v
The board ruleo\against the proposed
schedule of salaries for the principals
of primary schools as submitted by
Commissioner of Public Works Wood
ward. Woodward sent a communica
tion in which he states that he is well
aware that any schedule founded arbi
trarily upon the number of classes is
not entirely satisfactory. He believes,
however, that it is fairer and less ob
jectionable to increase the salaries by
$3 for each additional class than to
have the pay the same for different
sized schools. Under Woodward's
schedule the salaries of six principals
will remain unchanged; those of thirty
one will be .increased and ten will be
slightly reduced.
The board objected to the plan be
cause it reduced some salaries and it
desires to announce that its policy will
be not to reduce "salaries, but, if the
funds are adequate, to increase them. •
The proposition of raiding the salar
ies of all teachers earning less than $60
per month to $60 was tnoroughly dis
cussed, but no action was taken, it
being agreed by the board to meet
again to-morrow afternoon; when the
salary schedule will be adopted fc-r the
next fiscal year. Assistant Secretary
Berliner figured that it would require
$23,000 to make the minimum salary
560, but that the board had some doubt
as to the correctness of the amount.
He was instructed to verify his figures.
;If the board finds that it has not
enough money to fix the minimum at
$60, a compromise of $55 will be adopt
ed and six years allowed to reach the
maximum of $83, instead of ten years
as at present. v
The board opened bids for supplies
for the Public School Department
The bids will bt tabulated with a view
to ascertaining the lowest bidder, to
whom the contract will then be
awarded.
Directors Agree on Eaise
in the Minimum Stipend
Paid to All Pedagogues
Board of Education Discuss
es Proposed Salary Sched
ule of School Department
DEPUTIES' PAY
IS INCREASED
Now that. the Santa Fe cheap rates to
St. Louis, thousands of Callfornlans are
going to the World's Fair. This is an
exceptional chance to go East for little
money on the best trains. The Santa Fe
is the Scenic Way. -
If interested, inquire at- 641 Market
street," San Francisco, ; • •
The Short, Quick Way.
• McKinley Circle of the Ladies of the
GrandArmy of the Republic will give
an entertainment and dance in, the Na
tive Sons' Hall on Seventeenth street
next Wednesday night The entertain
ment ".will. commence at 8 g'clock and
dancing an hour and a half later.
Grand. Army Ladles.
If you are going to the Exposition,* no
doubt you will want Trunks. Traveling
Basa.-Valises,'JDress Suit Cases, to pack
your belongings into. It will pay you to
see our large assortment of these goods
and it-will be a, pleasure to show them.
Sanborn, Vail &,Co..--,741 Market st •
The St Louis
Judge. Kerrigan made an order yes
terday restoring to competency Mary
Eunice Clark of Sebastopol and re
voking the letters of guardianship
over her person and estate 'heretofore
granted to Mrs. George Holding. The
order was made upon numerous af
fidavits concerning the mental' dondi=
tion of Mrs. Clark filed by a number
of her friends.
Court Restores Mrs. Clark.
President Sbarboro responded, saying
that It was the Italians In Venice and
Genoa who first inaugurated the banking
system of the world, and that he had no
doubt but what the Italian-American
Bank of San Francisco would keep pace
with the large financial Institutions of
this city..
Tho Prince was then shown the Inte
rior of the building', which is finished in
mahogany and Italian marble, including
the steel book and coin vaults, which are
a marvel of strength and beauty. His
Highness also visited the spacious and
elegant offices above the bank, one hun
dred and thirty-two in number, finished
also with marble, with all the best mod
ern conveniences.
On entering the directors' room the
board was found in session and each
member introduced to his Royal High
ness. The corks of- several bottles of
champagne then fired a salute in honor
of the occasion, and amid the flow of
sparkling wine the new bank was de
clared duly opened for business. - ¦
The commissary of the cruiser liiffu
ria, commanded by H. R. H. the Prince.
Jiassed the first check to the cashier for
It 40.000 ($8000).
After the ceremony of inauguration
was over presidents of several of the
city banks visited the premises and ex
tended their hearty congratulations.*
The officers of tho bank present were:
President A. Sbarboro; vice president
H. J. Crocker; cashier, A. E. Sbarboro;
assistant cashier. R. A. Sbarboro; direc
tors — Dr. P. de Vecchi. P. C. Rossi. C A.
Malm. M. J. Fontana, A. J. Merle, L. Bol
tano. G. Garibaldi.
Tho bank' commenced business five
years ago with a paid-up capital of
$250,000. Its paid capital and surplus
now amount to $850,000 and the assets
are $2,433,635 62..
Tho Prlnco toasted to the success of
the bank, which he said was already as
sured. ; , : : : ':—::• ' . L
bank and the Italian -colony for having
erected in this city this monument to the
Industry and thrift of the industrious
and thrifty Italian people of San Fran
cisco.
Epworth Methodist Episcopal —
Morning, "The Ascension of Jesus";
evening, services. Pastor, Rev. F. A.
Keast.
Grace ' Methodist Episcopal — Morn
ing, preaching; evening, "The" New
Methodist." Pastor, Rev. _F. M. Lar
kin.
California-street ! Methodist Epis
copal — Morning, "The Drama of Job";
evening, "The Life of Sacrifice." Pas
tor, Rev. Clarence Reed.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock the mass
meeting of men will be held In the
auditorium of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association,, corner of /Mason and
Ellis streets. The address will be given
by H. W. Davis, the new religious
work director.^ His theme will be "The
Eagle's Nest, "or the Uses of Adver
sity." The Robson Orchestra will fur
nish the music, assisted by Mrs.> Par
tlngton and Miss Hussey.
Rev. Dr. Carradine will preach on
holiness at peniel Mission Hall. 49
Third street; daily until the 16th in
stant,, at 2:30 and 7:30 p.. m. En
trance on" Stevenson street *!>/
First English Lutheran — Morning,
"Everyday Usefulness"; evening,
"Peter's Fishing Experience." Pastor,
Rev. E. Nelander.
Emanuel Evangelical — Morning,
sermon by the pastor, F. "W. Fischer;
evening, Bermon by Rev. A. F. Tothe
roh.
Howard-"Btreet Methodist Episcopal
— Morning, communion service; even
ing, "The Supreme 'I Will.' '.' Pastor,
Rev. A. C. Bane.
The devotions of the six Sundays in
honor of St. Aloysius will begin to-day
in St. Ignatius Church. The novena
in honor ot the Holy Ghost, prepara
tory to theFeast of Pentecost, began
Friday night.
*Rev. John Sardi will preach at the
10:30 o'clock mass this morning In St.
Ignatius Church. Rev. Father Forhan
will preach in the evening.
His' Grace, the Most Rev. Arch
bishop Montgomery, will administer
confirmation in St. Bredan's Church
this morning at 10:30 o'clock and at
St. James Church in the afternoon at
3:20 o'clock. On Monday his Grace
will administer the sacrament in St.
Mary's College.
Pastors of the Churches of Different
Denominations Will Talk on Sub
jects of Vital Importance.
texts ox which; pastors
WFLIi PREACH THIS DAY
At 10 a. m. Prince Lujgi of Savoy and
his aid de camp, escorted by the Italian
Consul General. Cav. Serra. Messrs. PJ C.
Rossi and Dr. P. de Vecchi, entered the
magnificent building. President A. Sbar^
boro received his Highness at the en
trance and entered his private office. The
Prince congratulated the officers of the
The directors of the Italian-American
Bank moved into their magnificent new
building, corner Montgomery and Sacra
mento streets. Saturday morning.
The Prince of Savoy Inaugurated the
New Italian-American. Bank
Building:.
Death has closed the promising ca
reer of Adolph^Boas. The young man
passed away at his late residence, 1293
O'Farrell street, yesterday morning at
an early hour, surrounded by members
of his family. The news of his demise
will be received with regret by his
many friends. He was a member of the
Olympic Club and was well known in
social circles of this city.
The deceased was one of the first to
offer his services to his country when
the President called for volunteers for
the Philippine war. He was enrolled
as a member of Company G of the
First California Regiment and went to
the- Philippines. - Although in many en
gagements he escaped without injury,
but, unfortunately, fell a victim to the
tropical climate. On his return to his
native city he contracted a severe cold,
and this developed into tuberculosis,
the primary cause of death.
* Deceased was' a son of Judah Boas,
the capitalist. He. . was , given every
care and comfort, and despite this fact
he could not withstand the dread dis
ease. The/ funeral will be held at 2
o'clock to-day. The body will be cre
mated at Odd Fellows' Ser
vices will be conducted by Rabbis
Voorsanger and Nleto.
Adolph Boas' Promising
Career Is Brought
to a Close.
ADOLPH BOAS. A POPULAR
NATIVE BON, WHO DIED YES
TERDAY IN THIS CITY.
When Herman F. Gompertx, who was
IS years old last February, married
pretty Mary L. Kammerer he omitted
to secure his father's permission. As
the law does not recognize a minor's
contract unless sealed by the
consent of ¦ a guardian, the tie that
bound the youthful couple had in it a
fatal flaw. Albert Gompertz, Herman's
father, did not approve of the mar
riage. He filed suit for Its annulment
on the grounds that his son was- under
age and had married without his
father's consent. Judge Kerrigan yes
terday annulled the marriage.
Sarah R. Dobie (nee Cruver) Is suing
Arthtfr L. Dobie for divorce on the
ground of neglect. She says that for
the last six years he has not provided
for her, though well able to do so. The
Dobles were married at Chicago Christ
mas day, 1895. ~ v .
Delflna Ivankovlch Is seeking a di
vorce from Stivan Ivankovich, to whom
she was married in this city in Octo
ber, 1894. She says he gave her a se
vere beating a short time ago.
Intemperance Is charged In the di
vorce action brought by Alice Little
against W. T. .Little.
! The cross-complaint of Joseph N.
Kowalsky to the suit for divorce
brought against him by Ettle Kowal
sky was answered yesterday by Mrs.
Kowalsky. She specifically denies every
charge he makes. _
John T. Plath has answered th« suit
for divorce of Anna M. Plath by a gen
eral denial of her charges of cruelty.
He not only says that he was never
anything but a good, kind, true, loving
husband, but says that were it not for
the interference of his wife's father and
mother there never would have been
any serious trouble. He says that after
having had a little row with his wife
he prevailed upon her to forgive him,
and she promised not only to do so, but
to return to him. She would have done
so, says Plath, but that her parents
would not give their consent.
Declares Invalid the Ties
That United Plaintiff's
Son to Mary L. Kammerer
ANNULS THE MAKKIAGE
WEDS WITHOUT
ASKING FATHER
Gourt Aids Albert Gompertz
in His Plan to Get Kid
of His Daughter-in-Law
RESPONDS
TO CALL
OF DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -SUNDAY, MAY 15, 190J.
33
ADVEHTISEiLEUTS.
A very timely offering from our Dress Goods Section,
which is always ready with tlre'best of values in seasonable
goods. The four lines we mention below deserve your
special attention. Each one is an exceptional value, which
should not be overlooked if you want good goods at saving
. prices.
French Voile French Crepe
In Suit Patterns By the Yard
French Voi!c. an exquisite This is an. excellent quality, all-
weave of Etaraine, fine and sheer- woo ] F rcn ch Crepe. You are no
S p!cnd.dqua!ityandfull d fc tffoJg wjth the {abric
44 inches wide. 1 he iist of colors ,, . , ... a „
includes browns, champagne, and know lls value. We offer all
o\?ter, pearl, dove gray, reseda, the leading shades, including two
cream and black. There is no shades of light blue and cream.
more popular fabric for dress This crcpc is so i d everywhere for
;gffi^ tO |£ S g£ *5c a yard. Sale price. . .
English Mohair Cream Materials
S.fr»ilf?iTi or ra(^ uat i n S Dresses
A magnificent collection of
By the Yard so f t , dainty all-wool and silk and
A most popular material at this wool fabrics, including Crepes,
season of the year. It is so well Voiles, Batistfc and Albatross
adapted for outing wear and .. „,, ,• _
bathing suits. It.is full 46 inches AL:O excellent values in Cream
wide and exceptionally bright and Mohairs, plain and figured. The
lustrous. The value is at PA- prices on these various fabrics
least 75c a yard. Sale price JvW range from 50c to $1.5O a yard.
ADVEBTISEMEIXTS,
Some opportunities that may
suit your capital advertised to-
day — In vcstlffate.
Have yon ever considered the
investment propositions In the
BUSINESS ' CHANCE " COIi-
TJMNS?
i Three j
Great J
I Specials I
I For One Week I
1 t^&fa5&9fl0 This beautiful I
1 lngid " Scat> a
1/ 'jl \ \ v clour covering, 1
lkr\ ¦ "rf ¦ yV weather oak or j
I # U-O I mahogany; just 1
/ r££-!£ \ the thing lor I
your cosy corner*- ¦
regular 52*50 value; special, |
$1.40
As long at they last 1
Ir^jWv Stool
qfiZooft • S^ tapestry
*- 9mm ' $ covering, French
legs artistically
carved like Illustration; regular
53K: i $3.00
Solid Oakite^ggi
Dining '\\\wl
Chair IIJl
I saddle seat, I II JH
good strong ij. J, ,1 W]l
chair; rrgul a r jlp B^S"§PNSN|
I value 51.25; /I H 1
Note-Only 6 \^^& i
to one person. *¦ * *»¦* * |1
1 /t» W 9 P worth of Furniture and
2 *V* \J C ashand$J.50awe«k
IT. Brilliant
Furniture Co.
B 338-342 Post
j^, „,, J
jfYf^^"^532ijF\ • * 10 » * 15 » fc 30
AQJItylts. Guaraatocd. ;
Ton know! Whtr* t&* doll* rwint t*
til* window.
ja 1051 Market St.
/^^\Every Woman
Vi \ *» Interested »nd mould know
iwric2i\5"^»*iia * about tho wonderful -
flJtEvte-Aa MARVEL Whirling Spray
Xm^n>C»»««L. tio*a»d Xwtio*. be»t-3af.
iik jnr <ranbt hr It. Nfcy IB ' v^*^^^*
otiet.bo* Msdituai for 'Swk, i^'Gff'.VL/
lUnftnirdbook-amM. ItftVM \\ / -'r£
fall particular* mndrtir«*ion« In- tUkf S
T»lo»bU to Udle« M-iRVKtcatTJ/.'..,,.,/
4ir«rkR«H,.t»rrlirk.
152 New Montgomery, San Fnneiico Cai.
William Uattarotb (Ladles' Dtpt). 224 Sutter.
Union Dru* Co.. 400 Sutter and 10* Stockton.
O«*ood Brothers... 7th «ad Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy H> ™*
"VITAL RING"
A Cure for Weak Men. The world's
greatest surgeons have been trying for
years to find some practical method of
controlling 1 the FUSXO HESTS In man.
as this would be a permanent cure tor
WeJLkue»«. J3rai»«. VTmsttntc, Varicocele.
Etc. Dr. Burnard of France has accom-
plished this In tho wonderful vital Blag 1 ,
as It surrounds and conies In direct con*
tact with the XTtnrts controlling Saxual
Or ran •' Compels *. Orowta aad Vlaror.
Worn without Xaooavenlsnc*. No ICedi-
oia*. S2.50 postpaid. OX. SinuraJU) CO,
140 Q—3T St, S. r.
ADVSBTISXJCE27T3.
ADVERTISEMENTS*.
¦¦Substantial Linen Bargains,,
#2.25 Pattern Table Cloths, pure ) §1 ft*?
linen, 2'yards square, for \ e^h
$3.75 Irish Linen Napkins, full ) $O ft^Z
size, handsome patterns, for. . . ] ooiln
$1.25 Bleached Damask, 72 inches ) ft^jp
wide, pure linen, for $ Y^cf
See Windows. Store Closes at 5:30 o'clock.
|] Apparel Exclusively I
fyp/pedaLr at the 4!g|
ipFaihion Jaloxv^|
u The specials which we offer on Monday and' [
I during the week are worthy of your attention, not \
|\ only in point of great price concessions, but also as \
w to their newness, seasonableness and style super-
B -iority. The Fashion Salon is the new style center
fl of San Francisco, and our constant and en-
deavor is to show you garments out of the ordinary, I
garments with an individuality. Not a day passes
II that does not bring us novelties of all descriptions.
[jl We are now receiving with every express —
0 SUITS of Silk. Mohair, Voile, Linen and liffht Woolens.
II GOWNS of Net. Lace. Organdies, Linen and Silk. I
•jl COATS and Wraps of Taffeta, Cloth of Gold. Cloth and
II - ¦'• Mohair.
II _ WAISTS of Net. Lace, Crepe de Chine. Linen and Lawn.
ftl All personally selected during our recent visit to New York. ' \
II The Specials
H 50 FRENCH VOILE SUITS— Blouse and Eton effect, taffeta
y lined and taflfeta # drop skirt. Colors, brown, black, blue,
'fl 1 gray, champagne. Value $50.00. On sale at $35.00
COVERT JACKETS— All of our regular $35.00 and $32.50
j styles on sale at. $22.50
! COVERT JACKETS — All of of our regular $27.50 styles *
/ at $19.GO
WAISTS OF LAWN AND LINEN— $1 5.00, $12.50 and
jj $10.00 values, reduced to \ 9 G.5O*
1 WAISTS OF LAWN AND LINEN— $8.50 and $7.00
I values, reduced to 9 4.S0
JJ. V/AISTS OF LAWN— $6-oo, $5.00 and $4.00 values, re-
duced to 9 2.75
I .WAISTS OF LAWN— $3.00 values, reduced to $ 1.7fc !
Jj High-Class Costumes
«K All $250.00 and $225.00 Costumes at.-.'.' $125.00 I
ijj All $195.00 and $i7.>oo Costumes at < ..9100.0O.
ifi All $125.00 and $115.00 Costumes at ..*.$ 75.00
\ — — U^ IThe Board of Works yesterday noti
fied the Board of Supervisors. that the
Police Department has filed a report
that the Southern Pacific freight train
scheduled to. leave this city at, 9 o^clock
each evening blockades the 'crossing
of Sixth '_ and Townsend streets from
forty minutes to an hour. A commu
nication has been sent to Assistant
Freight Agent Hardy , requesting ' that
arrangementa be made to prevent fur
ther obstructions of streets by freight
trains.' *^4M*$$
Freight Train Blocks Streets.
The order is the result of a peculiar
entanglement in the Smith family.
Mrs. Smith, some months before her
death, when she was childless, made
a will in which she left her estate to
her husband, and provided that, he
should pay her mother $100 a month.
She made no chanpe in the will after
her child was born, and when ten days
after the birth of the little one Mrs.
Smith died and the" will' had been pro
bated her mother demanded her al
lowance. Butler Smith, widower of
the deceased, refused to pay her the
full amount and held that the birth of
the child reduced : her share. In the
estate. His contention was sustained
by Judge Troutt. ' , .
Judge Troutt'a order giving to Mrs.
Ella Chamberlain, a monthly income
of $83 33 out of the estate of her de
ceased daughter, Ella Roberta Smith,
instead of the $100 a month devised'to
her in Mrs. Smith's will, is displeasing
to Mrs. Chamberlain.. Yesterday she
filed notice that she would take an
appeal from the order to the Supreme
Court. ;,'¦«•*¦;
Mrs. < liiiinho! lain • Gives Xotice She
Will Carry to Supreme Court Or
der Affecting Her Allowance.
WILL TAKE AX APPEAIj
FROM TROUTT'S DECISION'
Out of 250 automobiles in the annual
exhibition in New York city, fifty are
electrical and 175 gasoline.
Stock certificates and seal presses at short
notice. Edw. S. Knowles. 24 Second st. •
Rcbckahs Adjourn.
Yesterday morning there was a
ehort session of the California Re
bekah Assembly, when a few minor
matters were disposed of and then fol
lowed the installation of the officers
for the current term, after which there
was the presentation of flowers to the
new and retiring officers and then a
number of congratulatory speeches.
Once in a while a girl kisses a man
Just to show him how to do it.
Trapper* • Oil cu'es rheumatism and nranlsi*.
Drucrlsts. 30c flask. Richard It Co.. 40« CUy.«
It takes a woman to have her eyts
seem to melt with tenderness when aha
is gnashing her teeth.
On Tuesday. May 17, the new Um« card
ever the North Shore becomes effective.
Trains (via Sausallto Ferry) leave San Fran
cIbco for San Rafa*l. Ross Valley, Mill Val
ley, etc., week days at 6:30, 7:10, 7:45, 8:30.
9:15, 10:00, 11 :OO a. m. (11:40 a. m. Sausallto
only), 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:00. 4:35, 5:15, 5:50.
«:2.\ 7:15, 9:00. 10:20 and 11:35 p. m. Extra
trains on Sundays at 11:40 a. m.. 1:00. 2:30
and 8:15 p. m. The week day trains arrive in
.San Francisco at 6:17, 7:00, 7:35, 8:15, 8:45,
0:35 10:20/ 31:05 a. m.. 12:00. 1:25, 2:50,
3:35. 4:20, 5:05, 5:40, 6:16. 0:55, 7:65, 10:05
and 11:25 o. in. One of the best features oC
the new time card is th* splendid service now
provided for the campers, etc.. along the La
irunltas. Point Reyes, Russian River and
Cazadero. Trains as far as Point Reyes
leave .San Francliro dally at 7:45 a. m.. dally
except Sunday* at 3:16 p. m., and daily except
Saturday and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.' On Sun
days extra trains at 9:15 a. m. and 7:13 p. m.
Return trains arrive in San Francisco at 8:16
a. m.. 11:05 a. m. and 7:55 p. m., with extra
train on Sunday at 6:65 p. tn. For Cazadero
and the Russian River and Tomales Bay re
sorts leave San Francisco at 7:45 a. m. dally.
3:15. o. in. dally except Sunday and 8:15
p. m. Sundays. Arrive In San Francisco
11:05 a. m. week days except Mondays at 8:48
a. m. and dally at 7:66 p. m. Copies of the
new card are now ready for the public. •
On the North Shore Railroad.
FINE TIME CARD
After arguments by Attorney Alford
for the defense and by Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Whiting, the Judge said
that the defendant had had a fair trial
and that the verdict was in accordance
with the evidence.- None of -the-affi
davits filed by the defense altered the
material facts as to the murder, and
he would therefore deny the motion for
a new trial. A motion for - arrest of
Judgment was then made and denied.
MOTION* IS DENIED.
The prosecution then submitted a
number of counter affidavits by Frit?
Dirking Ernest Fournier, Mrs.
Clementina Dirking, C. P. Wright, Dis
trict Attorney Bylngton and the twelve
jurors who tried the case, all denying
the allegations in the affidavits of the
defense. • . ¦-'.¦••-
When the case was called Attorneys
Alford and Spinetti filed two more affi
davits in support of the motion for a
new trial. One was by Francis J. Mc-
Carthy, who averred that although
Dirking Sr. was a total stranger to
him Dirking had told him seven months
prior to the murder that he would kill
Feld for bothering him and his family.
The other was by Thomas Sweetman,
a butcher's assistant, who averred that
the Iron bar In evidence, or one much
like it, had been seen by him at the
Dirking home.
-Attorney Spinetti wanted to testify
that C. P. Wright, one of the Jurors,
had said to him on May 12: "I said to
Gray, 'Did you see the article about
me? It did not harm me a d d bit,
as the Judge gave me a good send
off.' " The statement was put on the
record. . • , . . . . . . .-.*..
Joseph Feld, ex-policeman, utterly
collapsed yesterday when Judge
Dunne, after denying the motion for a
new trial and for arrest of judgment,
sentenced him to be hanged at San
Quentin on a date to be hereafler fixed.
Feld's crime was the murder of his
father-in-law, Fritz Dirking, at the
Dirking hbme, 11. Fair avenue, on the
night of November 2. There was a hec
tic flush on his face as he stood up In
the dock to hear sentence of death
passed upon him, but after he had
taken his seat his face turned as white
as a sheet and he fainted. He seemed
to be in a fit, as his eyes rolled, his
body shook and his hands beat against
the walls of the dock. Bailiff Brophy
and Deputy Sheriff Minert carried him
to the City Prison and Coroner Leland
was sent for, as it was feared that he
might have taken poison, but the doc
tor after examining him said he was
simply in a state of collapse and would
soon recover. Under the directions of
the doctor he was placed on his back
in a ceil. Dr. Rottanzl, the jail physi
cian, was also notified, and he hurried
to the prison. -He agreed with the Cor
oner "and instructed the Sheriffs depu
ties to take Feld to the Jail as soon as
he had fully recovered.
MORE AFFIDAVITS FILED.
Murderer Collapses^ When
v Judge Dunne Passes Sen
tence of Death Upon Him
The roads to Tosemlte are new in
prime condition. Millions of flowers are
in blossom along the way. Santa F«
stages are running dally from Merced.
On the -way they pass directly through
the famous California Big Trees without
side ride or extra charge.
Experienced travelers always make th»
trip to Yosemlte Santa Fe. The grandest
scenery !* on that line. The roundtrlp
fare is 128.50.
Full information about Yosemite, with
new folder at 641 Market street. Santa
Fe. •
The Wonderful Valley at Its Best.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
FELD UTTER LY
BREAKS DOWN
The Judge sentenced the defendant to
be hanged at San Quentin on a date
to be named later.
At the request of Attorney Alford a
stay of thirty days was granted to
enable him to prepare a bill of excep
tions for an appeal to the Supreme
Court.
question might.be discussed, but as he
was out of his office the subject will
be taken up at the next conference.
B.F.Stoll, dentist: Haight & Masonic av.»
. The matter of purchasing more patrol
wagons and horses w^t taken up and
discussed. It was suggested by Bran
denstein that the ambulance of the
Park Emergency Hospital be done
away with and substituted by the Park
patrol wagon.
Considerable money that has hereto
fore been allowed the Tax Collector for
the salaries of field collectors may now
be turned over to the Police Depart
ment, as said yesterday that
a good deal of that work could easily
be done by the police. Tax Collector
Smith was sent for in order that the
I "In London the police force is about
sixteen times stronger than it is here,
and still our city covers nearly half the
area of London, and New York has
more than four times as many police
men, and its area is comparatively the
same as this city's. The strength of the
police should not be governed so much
by the population of a city as by its
area."
Police Commissioner J. R. Howell
compared the strength of the London
an J New Tork Dollce forces with that
of our own. He said:
That there is but poor police protec
tion in our city was acknowledged by
Chief of Police Wittman ''yesterday
morning when the Police Commission
ers appeared before the Finance Com
mittee of the Supervisors.
WUtman stated that the police force
Is so 'small that It Is impossible to pa
trol many of the districts of the city,
and that some of the outer ones are ab
solutely unprotected.
Two hundred more officers are asked
by the department, besides a' corre
sponding number of corporals, ser
geants and lieutenants^ and Wittman
asks that the .postion of sub-chief be
created in order . that a man ranking
higher than a captain can Isuperintend
the work of the different police cap
tains and their men.
Brandenstein remarked that owing to
insufficient funds it would be impossi
ble to allow 200 more men on the force,
but that 'in all probability from ten to
twenty-five more men might be al
lowed.
The controversy between Spokane
and the tide water cities js based!" upon
a proposition in transportation that
has long been contended for. Port
land, Tacoma and Seattle hold that
they, being in a position to get low
rates by sea that' must be met by the
rail lines, are entitled to avail them
selves of the' advantages of their geo
graphical position in relation to sea
movements of freights and therefore
to have lower rates than any point re
moved from the seaboard and so un
able to establish water competition.
" In a general way this was the funda
mental proposition underlying the con
troversy that was raised by the Pa
cific Coast manufacturers and jobbers
when the St. Louis jobbers brought
their now famous suit before the In
terstate Commerce Cbmmissi&n against
the coast' jobbers and' the "transcon
tinental railways and were worsted.
'Spokane desires to get ' rates that
are contested' by Portland, Tacoma
and Seattle on the ground indicated.
The entire matter will now be talked
over at Chicago, President H. D.-Love
land representing the coast manufac
turers and jobbers. The proceedings
are of the greatest interest to the en
tire Northwestern country and also to
all points on the seaboard of the Pa
cific slope.
H. D. Loveland, president of the-Pa
ciflc Coast Manufacturers' 'and i job
bers' Association, will lea>*e this city
to-night • to go to Chicago^ where^a
conference will take place with rail
road men doing business in the North
west relative to the Spokane rates on
freights. | A lively controversy has
been in progress recently among the
cities on the Sound. and Portland and
Spokane. This has found its way into
the newspapers published in the
Northwest and has been the reason' for
considerable caustic writing and
speaking. , tt •¦ _, . i " '
The last step in the land frauds hear
ing before United States Commissioner ;
Heacock was taken yesterday morn- '
Ing when the commissioner turned De
fendants Fred A. Hyde and Henry P. j
Dlmond over to the custody, of Marshal \
John H. Shine and ordered that they
be held for trial on the conspiracy
charge before the Supreme. Court of
the District of. Columbia. The defend
ants were Immediately ushered before
United States District Judge de. Haven,
who was tffcked by Government-Coun
sel Heney for. an order and warrant
to remove them .to Washington, j ]
Attorneys Knight and Schleslnger for
the defendants asked that they be
heard in opposition to the motion and
announced that they desired to argue
the questions raised by Heacock's de
cision. In view of Heney's engagement :
in the Oregon land frauds case at Port- \
land, counsel agreed to set the argu- i
ment down for July 15, and to this
Judge de Haven consented. . :
Judge de Haven 8_ald he, would ac- j
cept bonds in the. sums named on Fri- '
day by Commissioner Heacock — $30,000
for Hyde and $20,f~0 for.Di.mond. As
Hyde's bondsmen, Henry S. Morris, the
Oakland banker, and Leander. S. Sher- I
man of Sherman, Clay & Co., qualified
and were accepted, while bail for Di- I
mond - was furnished by William R. |
Sherwood of Sherwood, & Sherwood, ;
William R. Wheeler of, Holbrook, Mer- ;
rill & Stetson, and Ferdinand Reis Jr. !
These formalities completed the de
fendants were released.
On the hearing of Heney's motion for
the warrant of remo-yal in July, the
defendants' counsel will raise a num
ber of questions based on the volumin- t
ous record in the recent proceeding be
fore the commissioner. As this record
covers more than 4000 pages of testi
mony and argument, with hundreds of
Heac'ock's rulings to which the defend
ants entered exceptions, it will furnish
ammunition for a long bombardment.
If. defeated before Judge de Haven,
the defendants may appeal to the Cir
cuit 'Court of Appeals or open a new
proceeding on a writ of habeas corpus.
Hence it is unlikely that Hyde and Di
mond will be taken to Washington for
many months.
The group of Government officials
j who spent the last eight weeks here
In connection with the preliminary ex-
I animation broke up yesterday, and
most of Its members have returned to
Washington. Special Counsel Francis
J. Heney left for Portland last even
ing. There he will represent the Gov
ernment in the prosecution of the Ore
gon case, which is similar in some of
its aspects to the Hyde-Benson mat
ter. The Oregon defendants are Hor
ace G. McKinley, S. A. B. Puter, Miss
Marie Ware and Mrs. Emma L. Wat
son. They were indicted by the United
States Grand Jury for the District of
Oregon on charges of conspiracy to
defraud the Government out of public
lands, Just as Hyde, Benson et al. have
been Indicted for a like conspiracy
here.
Next Step and Kailway Men
Are Called to Participate
Important Conference Is the
Federal Judge Will Be view
Heacock's Action Holding
Them for Trial in the East
Many Outlying- Districts of
the City Are Absolutely
Without Civil Protection
APPEAL TO DE/ HAVEN
¦ . - - .
SADLY IN WANT OF MEN
DEMANDS OF SPOKANE
Northern Cities Are Greatly
Concerned in the Outcome
of Keen Edged Controversy
Alleged Land Grabber and
His Co-Defendant, Dimonjl,
Released for Two 3Ionths
Chief. Wittman, Claims That
His Department Is Not - as
Large as It Should Be
HYDE IS OUT
ON HEAVY BAIL
NEED STRONGER
POLICE FORCE
LOVELAND GOES
ON RATE ISSUE
THE SAN FRANCISCO/CALL,: SUNDAY, MAY 15, 1904.
34
jjtj t . ... tr T i.j. , I r«y>
Facts About Our
Muslin Underwear Dept.
The reason why onr undergarments are the best is that
we are more careful in the construction than most manu-
facturers; more careful in selecting reliable materials and
\ trimminKS and more careful to cut the garments on ap-
| proved patterns, which insure proper width and length. Not
necessarily are they expensive, for when the style and wear-
| Ing qualities are considered, our prices will prove to be very
j reasonable. Note the prices on underRarments of special
value that are made in our workrooms:
J LADIES' NIGHTGOWNS, made of Rood quality mus-
lin, cambric or nainsook; neatly trimmed with dainty em-
broideries, both high-neck and low-neck C| f\f\ and
styles *P * • Vl/ upward.
LADIES' DRAWERS, made of best quality of muslin and
neatly trimmed with a dainty design of durable cm- Efln
I broidery; yoke belt JwC
LADIES' CHEMISE, made of good quality cambric;
¦ neatlv trimmed with dainty patterns of cm- Cf)f» ant^
[ broidery Jv/W upward.
We are showing an exquisite assortment of LINGERIE
j SKIRTS, neatlv trimmed with deep flounces of fine cm-
• broideries and laces tf* | CA tfO CA and "'
ijJl.Jv, 4>£.JU upward.
Special attention Riven to bridal trousseaiix. Estimate
Given on trousseau made in our. own workrooms or on
Parisian makes-
Ladies' Negligee Dept.
This week we will show a very practical stvle of
LADIES' HOUSE KIMONA, made of five Rumchunder
I silk handkerchiefs. An exceptional good value at tfP nn
«
Infants' Wear Dept.
We are showing the largest and most exquisite line of
infants' wear that was ever displayed in San Francisco.
Durir.c the past few weeks we have received a great many
entirely new models of imported and domestic- designs of
infants' wear of every description that will be -very attractive
to mothers who are interested in purchasing complete out-
fits for infants.
INFANTS' OUTFIT, consisting of
INFANTS' CAP INFANTS' DIAPERS
INFANTS' BIBS INFANTS' BOOTIES
INFANTS' COAT INFANTS' SACQUES
INFANTS' SLIPS INFANTS' NIGHT GOWNS
INFANTS' VESTS INFANTS' FLANNEL SKIRTS
INFANTS' BANDS INFANTS' NAINSOOK SKIRTS '
INFANTS' DRESSES INFANTS' PINNING'BLANKETS
30 pieces in all. entire outfit • C t /j 5C
- »pJI*X»«/fc/
In this department we are also showing a complete line
of Fancv Baskets. Hampers, Scales for weighing the babv.
Toilet Sets. Milk Warmers, Carry-Alls, Afghans, Cribs. Bas-
sinettes. Bath Tubs. Blankets and Comforters. All these arc
essential for a complete outfit for the little ones.
x .. ' v
918922 MARKET STREET
FRFE Our . new illustrated Summer Catalogue of LadiesV Chil-
i i\t.i. drcn s an( i infants' wear will be sent free to out-of-town
people.
Exclusive Pacific Coast Agents for the "ARNOLD" GOODS
formerly sold. by Mrs. Ober. Send for illustrated booklet.
ADVEETISE1LE2JT3.
tTTWO DOOrt=» FROM 7TH ST.
EYES EXAMINED FKEK.
O;en evenings until 9, Pbooo Sautb VIS.
German Expert Optician. 1071 Market St. S. 7.
George Mayerle
For weak or sore eye« u»e Georre Mayerlafs
Eyewater. We; by mail, 62c.
To clean your classes use George May «rl«'»
ANTISEPTIC Eyeglass Wipers. 2 for 25c
Send P. O. order or "Wells-Fairo.
If You Want Perfect Vision
TOU SHOULD WEAR OEORGB MAYERLE'S
GLASSES.
DoniRuin *^in
1 Yovr £ y cs
EXPEBT OPTICIA1T.
ADVEKTISEMZNTS.
! e&^^^fc^^Ss^s Another Great . j
J^^^^p China Silk Waist I
/>T^S^.^^^v N \% These beautiful silk waists \
' fiffjf^Wf '^SvW' P ossess a^ le newness 'and I
style ch aracte " stic of the ji
' ' ) Z^^^vS^A<\\\\ ' V -'li ' a '&" ier priced waists. \ Their 1
•^'•¦^^sj^^s^v \^^\\tt; rea^ worth is $4.00, but a for- 1
V^^^-t^^N \ij U tunate purchase of a very /
large quantity enables us to fj
offer them to you Monday at U
I VSuN^ t^ ie remar^ a bly l° vv price — . I
I -.' ¦ $2.50 each I
J Peau de Soie at j
I *..Half Price.*. j
U . (Second floor, take elevator.) i
fl An elegant, assortment of high-class. Peau dc Soie Waists, I
ffl elaborately trimmed with lace medallions and colored piping. 1
¦ Originally .these waists . were S7.00. Another purchase places 1
¦ them in our hands at consideraly less than we paid for them ll
f before. Choice of the elegant seasonable Silk Waists. <£ -» j-rk il
I •• $O» O\J f
I. A Great Monday Special in the J
I Wash Goods Section ' I
I. . (Ground floor, Geary-street aisle.) J\ ' I
¦ • Fancy figured linons.. white and tinted grounds — some with;: 1 ' I «
fancy corded stripes, others in plain weaves. A large assortment V > I j
of stylish designs to select from; suitable for ladies' Shirt Waist j
Suits, waists, etc., and for children's wear. Regular <A. r j 1
I2^c and i.sc qualities. Monday 1 UL yd U
NcWCSt An Unparalleled Comfortable Dress- 1
"VY/fi'f T Salt of Trimmed Ing Sacques I
Wnite.Lawn Hats at $5.00 each (Thlrd n™-™* \ I •
"ftrr * 1 Elevator.) n
• WatSk (3d floor: Uke elevator.) . : T o Interest ' you in I
»» **1OUJ At .this season of the ?;., • ' ¦
Monday we will ur,: 5 -ear we always make "»»» / ectl ° n JV * 1
-doubtedly crowd the ..pedal efforts to offer Monday hundreds of
White Waist section extraordinary values In beaut ful Lawn II
• by offering about 75 the millinery section. Dressing Sacques, 1
dozen Sheer White Never " before ¦ have we made of fancy mate-
ii;iT«™» nr i * iK placed .uch rare values rials, with polka dots,
Lawn Waists, elabo- before you, consisting of stripes, etc., both
rately trimmed in fine magnineently .trimmed loose and fitted backs,
1 blind embroidery, fine, ¦ gSfttVitTe" 1 season? |°« r ts " 6
fitting and well made. V^wgald^^^e their Jront. and embrold-
Value 12.25. Ext^-a %£; ! Vun'ci. rnucR .Worth *1.00. Sale
Special Sale Price more. Special sale price, Price
$l>50ea. $5:00 ea. 48c
Standard Fashions
• The Standard designs are j delightfully summer-like and ]
suggest all kinds of. cool and dainty things. Shirt waist cos- I
tunics arc shown -in- many forms. • . I
» We are agents and- carry a complete' stock. > f
-sffli Con Scary cJV. and Srant J$ve.
A ~ 1^4-^, ROTAL WOBCSSTEB CORSETS. j
iffl /V^CntS MBRXN GLOVES. ¦<$*
m . 1 O VU *V STANDARD PATTEBNS. I^W
NOVELTY SILKS
Extraordinary Offering.
We beg to notifu our customers and the
public generallu that commencing Monday
Mau 16th, we will have a special sale of
8500 YARDS VERY ELEGANT NOVELTY SILKS at
One-Half Regular Prices
The assortment will Include Imported
Satin Striped Moire Antiaues? Elegant Warp
Prints; black and whits and white and black
Stripes- and Small Dots, 1 Handsome Plaids;
Gun Metal Effects in Taffetas and Louislnes,
and navu and white and black and white
Peau deCygne.
NOTE— We will also haye on sale one
more case of high-grade Colored Taffeta SllkSi
21 inches wid3, in 34 different shades.
Former price $1, 25, at- T5c uard.
SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY,
m, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISElilENTS*
H Special Sales Ji
Every Week
China
Crockery
Glassware
Enamel Ware
Household Goods
# Watch Our #
Stf" Stores. Jm
W Prices Talk. ¦
V It Pays to Trade I
¦ - • AT *
Great Anerican LnportiafTeaCo's
Stores „,
881 Market «0 Gnat »Tfc 1«U Polk
"»Steth ISUDvriMdeze TOSUrtla
47S H»Ith t SON Sixteenth 355 Hayes
328S Miwlon Kl Montc'y *t«. K Mvlcet
M08 FUbn*r« ttl« Mlsaion 145 Ninth
MfiThird 4O Fourth 27SS Uth
! BEAUTIFUL BUFFETS 1
• We have a very large and complete line of these goods •
o made in all the up-to-date designs; quarter-sawed oak; *
• swell fronts; lined drawer; gloss finish; Frencli plate mir- 9
o rors, etc You will be pleased to see what a difference one of f
o thest Buffets will make in the appearance of your dining- '•'
J room. It adds tone, gives an air of comfort and is just the f
• ¦ article for a small eating-room. Our prices are always lower *
J than elsewhere, as we are the only furniture house in this •
© city that has no rent to pay and we give our customers the 2
J benefit of our saving. ' ' ( . '.#•
! THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE GO. !
2 1017-1023 Mission St., above Sixth 2
ASV£B>TISZlCE27TflLEdith Williams, who left her home
on Thursday afternoon ostensibly to
visit a lady friend has not returned to
her family, who are all waiting anx
iously to receive her, regardless of
what she may have done.
Regarding the whereabouts of the
missing girl all kinds of rumors were
current yesterday, but nothing of a
tangible , nature. Dozens of peoplo
had seen her in all kinds of different
places. All kinds of messages poured
in all day to the distracted family
from both friends and strangers, each
one stating that the missing girl had
been seen by them in one place or an
other. Many were largely conjectures.
A report that perhaps is the most
authentic of all was that the mlssins
girl had been staying at 100 McAllister
street. Detective Coleman at once
hurried to the- lodging-house at that
location. When the landlady, Mrs.
Sutclisse, was shown the photograph
of Edith Williams she at once stated
that that was the girl who had come
to her house Thursday evening and
had remained there until yesterday
morning. She stated that the room
for the girl had been engaged early in
the afternoon by a man whom she did
not know. The girl did not come Into
the room until about 7 o'clock in the
evening. V
Mrs. Sutclisse says the girl did not
receive any visitors. Yesterday morn
ing when the landlady went to make
up. the room she found the girl had
gone.
The room had been paid for in ad
vance. Mrs. Sutclisse said the girl was
quiet and well-behaved. She particu
larly noticed the peculiar color of her
hair, which is of an unusual shade.
Since her departure from 100 McAl
lister street nothing has been heard of
her, either by the police or the family.
The police do not believe that the
girl has met with foul pjay, and they
say she will undoubtedly be located
within a day or so.
The police are positive that the girl
is still in hiding in the city.
Police Think She
Is Hiding in
the City.
PRETTY EDITH WILLI AMS
STILL AMONG THE MISSING
Continued on Page 38, Column 3.
Continued on Page 38, Column 1.
I Archbishop Riordan at White House.
WASHINGTON, May 14.— Archbishop
Riordan of San Francisco and Bishop
Conaty of Los Angeles called on the
President to-day to pay their respects
and to thank him for a recent appoint
ment in which they : were interested.
Pupils Exhibit Their Drawings.
A number of people attended the ex?
hibition'of drawings and studies of the
pupils of the California School o'f De
sign In < the Mary Frances Searles
Gallery of the Hopkins Art Institute
yesterday^ They commended the work.
The X exhibition will continue until
l/loi'isia.' to .»i.« ; _ *j*.)j iti Court.
An order directing the Board of
Public Works to appear and show
cause why a temporary injunction re
straining the Board of Public Works
from issuing permits to peddlers' to
sell flowers upon certain streets, was
issued by Judge Sloss yesterday. The
complaint was by Frank P. Shlbeley,
a Sutter-street florist and member of
the Retail Florists' Association, who
avers that the ordinance providing for
the, permits Is invalid. The order to
show cause will be heard May 20 at
10 a. m.
HEARST WEAK IN* THE NORTH.
ST. PAUL. Minn., May 14.— "William
R. Hearst has no more show to carry
.Minnesota, North Dakota or Montana
than has the Czar of Russia," said a
Democrat of national prominence to
day. \ .
"Hearst is wasting his money; he Is
evidently misled by those who are tap
ping his barrel," L. A. Rosslng, chair
man of the Democratic State Commit
tee, said to-day. "At the outside Hearst
will not have more than 15 per cent of
the delegates to the State Convention.
There is but very little Hearst senti
ment in the State. In my correspond
ence with leaders throughout the State
I fail to. find where Hearst cuts any
figure." .
FARGO, N. D. M May 14.— Hearst is
out, of all calculations of. the Demo
crats. He is not even counted as a pos
sibility.. It is doubtful if his name will
be mentioned In the State Convention.
Hls!candidacy is looked upon as an ad
vertisement for. his many papers and is
not- considered legitimate.
HELENA, Mont, May 14.— There is
no Hearst sentiment In this State. The
Democrats will have none of him. \ All
the reports \ purporting to have been
sent from this State to the Hearst
papers are pure falsification. Trtey
were never sent. Democrats here sajr
the idea of Hearst cutting any figure
in Montana is* absurd." * : . \%
Don't worry over me, I am not
worth it. NETTIE.
"Give baby- my ring. So, good-by."
RETORTED TO POLICE.
When Strinkorb , discovered the
note he awakened his brother, who
lives', in the lower flat 'at the same
number. Ernest Strinkorb hurried to
the" City Hall at 2 o'clock Saturday
morning and submitted the letter to
the police. Two policemen were de
tailed", on 'the case - and after an in
vestigation of, the .facts and a care
ful examination of Bakers Beach and
the bay they reported that there
were no indications that the missing
woman had committed suicide.
'.Mrs. Strinkorb's sister. has been vis
iting- her for the last twelve days.
Miss May Bell is her* name; an d she is
the "May" referred to In Mrs. Strin
korb'a letter. When she awoke in the
morning she _f ound a note on her
dresser as follows:
."Dear.-Sister: I have deceived you
about Jim; I never knew him until
about a month* ago, nor he me. How
we/got acquainted it matters not, but
the one I love is altogether a different
man to him. He, Jim, thought I was
single, but that is no' difference how.
The- man that loved me so well died
just last Wednesday and I. saw him.
There was a letter to me on his body.
I "was the cause of his death and now
when you read this I will be dead," too,
so good-by, and for the love of God
do' ..hot say one word to Jim of m-2, bo
good-by forever. ' NETTLE."
SCOUT SUICIDE THEORY.
The missing ' woman's sister, her
husbanu 1 and her sister-in-law, Mrs.
Ernest Strinkorb, scout the- idea of
suicide. AH of them declare that she
has left her. husband and baby for the
love of James Parsons, a motorman. on
the* Turk and Eddy, street line, who
rooms at 1113 Capp street. They say
that for the last three 'months she has
Mrs. Nettie Strlnkprb: is missing,
from her home at 3926 , Sacramento
street and two letters' which she left
indicate that she contemplated suicide.
Neither her family .nor the police bV
lieve that she has done away .with her
self. They think she has left her hus
band and a 2-year-old baby. boy at
the behest of a motorman on the Turk
and Eddy streets line, who courted her.
before her marriage four- years ago in.
Kansas. It is claimed that he went to
the Philippines at the outbreak of the
Spanish war and on his return after
two years' service he secured a posi
tion with the .United . Railroads and
again met the women who. loved him.
Fred Strinkorb,' husband of i the
missing woman, retired' with herori
Friday night shortly after 9. o'clock,"
with their baby between them. ¦ He
awoke shortly after 1 . o'clock in the
morning and discovered : his wife was
absent. - On the table in the kitchen
he found the following letter:
"Fred — You will hate me for this,
but I cannot stand- it any -longer. I
have tried to be a good wife to you,
but have failed. You know when we
married you never asked me any ques
tions of my past life. Well, I was en
gaged to marry a. man at that time
and I loved him. He'was onefof the
regulars and went to; war and 1 just
three months .before we were mar
ried the he W8 spread that he was dead
and I got no more letters from him.
There was a girl there that liked him
and she got my letters, as I found out
afterward, when it was too late.
¦ "I would not have married you had
it not been' for Mrs.- Swere and Ettie.
They said you did not ask me to love
you, that you just wanted me to keep
house for' you, but to do that I would
have to marry you. So I, did, God
forgive me, and I did my^ best to be
happy, -but I- never have' been only
with baby. When he came I com
menced to have hope then and was.
happy until' you came - home drunk
those two times and. the \ last time I
gave up in despair; I have written to
Pearl to come and take care of my lit
tle darling. ¦ \. ''^•^¦l^A
\ ?'Last Wednesday I saw" the man
that I loved. -He" was dying and was
sent home to die. O, God! I believe I
have gone mad.' My head whirls so I
cannot think) but, ' O, God! .how I . love
niy darling baby. : Oh,' Fred, bo good
to him, for when you read this I sup
pose'that the" fish will have me eaten,
for I am going to the 'beach, to-night
and will leap, off the rocks at Bakers
Beach. I tried to make May think ¦ it
was . one : of ' the carmen that I "loved,
but It was 'not,' but OJ God! he is dead,
and 'I will be . in a few' minutes. So
a long -. and take care - of ' my
•little; darling.'. -"Pearl -'will be here in a
lew days to care- for him. Good-by.
OAKLAND, May 14.— The Republi
cans of the Third Congressional district
assembled this morning in Germania
Hall and elected George W. Reed of
Oakland and ,W. L. Crooks of Benicta
delegates to the National Republican
Convention, which meets at Chicago.
Dr. Theo Olmstead of Oakland and Su
pervisor James M. Stow of Contra
Costa County were named as alter
nates. After the election of the dele
gates and alternates a platform or res
olutions indorsing President Roose
velt, Senator Perkin3, Governor Pardee
and Congressman Victor Metcalf was
adopted, and less than two hours after
assembling the convention adjourned.
The meeting was called to order by
Everett Brown,' secretary' of the Re
publican District Committee, and Dr.
Charles L. Tisdale of Alameda was
elected temporary chairmanx of the
convention and M. It. Jones of Mar
tinez temporary secretary. On motion
of Everett Brown, committees on plat
form and resolutions, permanent or
ganization, order of business and cre
dentials were appointed. The members
of these committees were:
Platform and' resolutions — Frank
Barnett. chairman; -W. D. "Pennycook,
John Birmingham Jr., Dr. G. F. Chal
mers, J. S. Hanlcy, J. J. Allen, Charles
E. Snook, George Pierce, R. C. Staats.
Permanent organization and order of
business — A. J. Cloud, chairman; C.
G. Dodge. B.'.F-.Newby, Miss Hansen,
O. J. Mull ins. M. R. Jones, J. M. Kel
ley, James Kenney. i , '
Credentials— Rod W. Church, .chair
man; Boyd Parker, J. M. Stowe, A. B.
Carey, J. B. Lanktree, Morris Flynn,
William Waller, J. W. Evans, P. R.
Boone. . ". . ¦ ' ¦
After the reports of the committees
had been read and approved the dele
gates to the National Convention were
elected and both pledged themselves to
n'nnort TVn«M«r»t t>/-voc PV oH.. Thfl for
mer District Committee was unani
mously re-elected, and after the thanks
of the convention had been extended to
Chairman Tisdale, the meeting was ad
journed sine die. \ '
Police Find Miss
ing Girls at
El Campo.
Plena' McLain, daughter of Captain
McLain, 404 Golden Gate avenue, who
disappeared last Wednesday, was
found at El Campo yesterday by De
tective Taylor and Officer Young of
»the California Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children. Annie
Gorham of 262 Thirteenth street, who
disappeared at the same time, was
found with her. They had been living
in an ark with some young men.
Both girls were brought to police
headquarters and after being inter
viewed by Captain Martin were lock
ed UDin the City Prison. .The Mc-
Lain girl wiir be detained till to-day,
when she will leave by steamer for
Victoria, B. C. accompanied by her
mother. A charge of vagrancy will be
booked against the Gorham girl.
Woman Threatens
Suicide and
Vanishes.
The Third District
Elects Dele
gates.
ERBTTT EIGHTEEN-YEAR-OLD G1UL WHOSE MYSTEKIOU3 DISAPPEARANCE
IS PUZZLING THE POLICE AND \K YOUNG MARRIED WOMAN WHO DE
SERTED HUSBAND AND BADY. LEAVING NOTE THREATENING SUICIDE.
DELEGATES TO NATIONAL. CON
VENTION ELECTED BY THIRD
CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT;.
Delegates from the Country to the
Democratic State Convention, which is
to send representatives to St. Louis,
do not propose to calmly sit down and
allow the Hearst element to say what
shall be done. In fact 280 votes de
cided last night that Hearst -was not
entitled to 6uch an honor as is re
quested by his managers, and to that
end the following standing committee
was appointed:
Geary, Farnsworth, Finlayson, Leake,
Conan, Lynch, Harrell.
That committee is to be strictly an
tagonistic to Hearst and will have the
making of all arrangements to bring
about the defeat of the New York Con
gressman and erstwhile editor." ' The
committee will discuss how best the
end can be reached as the trip Is made
to Santa- Cruz this morning, on the 8:15
train. . - 11 '_
James H. Barry's office was used last
night by the country delegates, who
represented the 2S0 votes, to bring
abtfut this final conclusion.
The country delegates assembled
and represented by proxy decided by
unanimous vote to oppose the instruc
tion of the delegation to St. Louis or
the insistence of the unit rule. It was
contended in the caucus that a unit
rule has never been the policy of the
Democrats of California and that if
the country delegates, protested against
any such action it would be in keep-
Ing with the past history of the State.
It was realized that a unit rule
would be beneficial to Hearst in a
roundabout way and the country del
egates desired to put their stamp of
disapproval upon any such indorse
ment or action. . .'-
The entire matter v.ill be fought out
upon the floor of the convention and
when it comes to a vole the 280 del
egates reoresented' in last' night's
meeting will cast their ballots against
any instructions and the unit rule.
In order to increase* that vote and
if possible carry the point at i?3ue| the
country delegates, as represented In
the. meeting last night, will open head
quarters in Santa' Cruz with the in
tention of defeating W. R. Hearst by
securing an uriinstructed ¦ delegation
from California.
Frank Finlayson of Los Angeles is
recognized as a stanch Democrat.
He is a delegate to the convention and
will insist upon that body passing a
resolution providing that no candidate
shall be indorsed who will not pledge
himself to support the Democratic
ticket nominated at St. Louis. Finlay-
Bon will Introduce a resolution to that
effect and expects to have it adopted.
Such a resolution in the California
convention means a deathknell to
Hearst's aspirations of securing a,
pledged delegation, according to Fin
layson's Idea, He hopes by the reso
lution to place Hearst on record and
force him to stand - by j the nominee
of the national convention in . the
event that Judge Parker or some
other Eastern man is selected for
standard-bearer. .
There Is a report that I. B. Dock
weiler of Los Angeles will talk against
the indorsement of any aspirant who
will not pledge himself. to support the
nominee of the St. Louis convention.
That, of course, means Hearst, who is
expected by the rank and file to kick
over the • traces In his numerous
editorial columns in the event of his
failure to secure the nomination at the
hands of the Democratic party in St.
Louis.
Gavin McNab, who is supposed to
handle the Democratic politics of San
Francisco, remained here to consult
with delegates and politicians who
came In on the late trains from the in
terior. He was closeted at the Occi
dental Hotel last night with a number
of delegates who had missed the Santa
Cruz train.
Just what McNab was doing with the
belated delegates he . declined to state.
Propose to Fight
the Programme
of Hearst.
WASHINGTON, May 14.— William R.
Hearst will support the nominee of the
St. "Louis Democratic convention, who
ever he ma y be. He to-day authorized
the 'Washington Post to make this
statement unequivocally. He ridiculed
a story sent from Albany that he and
Mr. Bryan, Arthur Brisbane, Weaver
of Iowa- and others were planning a
huge bolt and the formation of a new
party. He said he had been making his
fight for the nomination in the name of
progressive Democracy, but his fight
had been within party lines and would
continue to be so. Whatever the re
sult, he intended personally and
through his newspapers to support the
regular ticket.
**'.'! am for the St. Louis jnomiriee,"
said Hearst to the Post. Having ut
tered that plain spoken sentence he
added with a smile:
"I should, of course, like any other
man. be honored and gratified should
the Democrats see fit to nominate me.
But I do not have to be bribed by of
fice to bo a Democrat. I have support
ed the Democratic ticket' in the last
five campaigns. I supported Cleveland
three times and Bryan twice. I intend
to support the nominee of the party at
St. Louis, whoever he may be."
The Interview was prompted by the
Albany dispatch, which said ! that
Hearst, Bryan, Brisbane and a few
others were preparing to bolt.
"I have not been able," he said, "to
deny all the foolish things that
have been said about me. I have not
even kept up with, all that has been
said. But of- all the fool things that is
'fooler' than all the rest," and Hearst
indulged In a hearty laugh at the new
adjective he had coined.
"I have been making my fight for the
nomination in the name of progressive
Democracy," he said. "I have been
making my fight on party lines."
An lnquir>%was.made^aboiit>the sigr
nificance dik -the several ¦ 'contesting
Hearst delegations over the 'country. ' •'
"Every State convention of "both par
ties has contesting delegates," said^
Hearst. "ContesTs "do "not mean that'
bolting will' 'follow. Some of my
friends have 'instituted contests far
delegates. In certain cases contests
have been instituted by my friends, in
entire sincerity on their part, which 1
would not have sanctioned had the
matter come to my knowledge in time.
But these contests can be settled in
the usual way, as they are settled in
every national convention. Please make
it plain that I stand for the verdict of
loyal Democrats, men who have been
loyal to the party and have not been
Democrats at pleasure. I am for men
who have been Democrats consistently
for twenty years." . : '
"But suppose the class you suggest
as disloyal should be in control at St.
Louis?" . .
"I think there is no danger of that.
It is safe to trust the Demopratic mass
es," was the answer.
"But they would be the people who
sent these men to the convention in a
majority," to which / remark he as
sented. .
Nevertheless he expressed the belief
that loyal Democrats would be in con
trol at St. Louis and reiterated his
intention to support the nominee of
that convention.
.In' fact, his utterances were so direct
and emphatic on that point that no
room was left to doubt Hearst's loyalty
and hisintentic-n to prosecute his cam
paign for the no'mlnation. within the
party lines, and not only to abide by
the result, whatever it might* be, but
to work for the ticket nominated.
Aspirant Says He Stands for
Higher Democracy and
AVill Abide by the Kesult
. 6A2CTA CRUZ, May 14.— The Hearst
boomers are first on the scene of action
fcnd are claiming everything in sight,
and the surprising Incident Is that
there is no one of the unterrified De
mocracy here to rigorously dispute
their claims. The Odd Fellows* Hall
•on Pacific avenue, with an auditorium
large enough to seat all the delegates
to the convention, has been reserved
for the Hearst headquarters. "Gov
ernor" Tarpey and staff have spacious
apartments at the St. George. J. P.
•Newton and Frederick Harkness of the
Los Angeles delegation arc at the Sea
Beach Hotel.
" The delegates from the south arrived
late to-night and declared without hes
itating to count noses that fifty of the
fifty-five of the Ix>s Angeles contingent
are for Hearst to the finish. Al Mur
•phy. chief adviser on the staff of Gov
ernor Tarpey. has displayed skill and
tact in smoothing out wrinkles and
making easy places for the anti-Hearst
Relegates to light.
The number of delegates to the con
rertion Is "22 and the managers of the
Hearst campaign assert that not more
than TOO will oppose the resolution to
instruct. No doubt there will be many
utterances on the floor of the conven
tion against the folly and absurdity of
Sending to the national gathering at
St. Louis a delegation of twenty mes
senger boys instead of a score of free
and unhampered disciples of Thomas
Jefferson.
In the days of the old California
Democracy, when Stephen M. White,
W. W. Foote, Thomas J. Clunie. Wil
»iam Du English and Frank Moffitt were
bright lights of the organization, the
idea of instructing a delegation was
spurned, and the record is 'now pro
duced to show that Barney Murphy,
M. F. Tarpey and Frank H. Gould
were- conspicuous among the spurners.
MAXY STATESMEN* ARRIVE.
Former Speaker Howe of Sonoma Is
here. His delegation has been advised
to-oppefse instruction. In his judgment
• it" does not follow that Sonoma is to
carry an anti-Hearst banner, but is ex
pected to bear aloft the standard
against instruction for any candidate.
Thomas Geary, former Congressman,!
orator and statesman, will arrive here
to-morrow. It is said that Franklin K.
Kane ajid Isadore Dockweiler will also
come. Gavin McXab is also expected.
' rt is presumed - that the leaders
*. against instructions will confer' and
pass out a programme to the San Fran
cisco delegation. The question is, "Will
the metropolitan delegates take the
: programme?" Word is given out at
• rhe Hearst temple that all but nine of
. the 108 delegates from San Francisco
hare accepted seats in the Hearst band
• •» agon. On the other hand, it is claimed
. ttat the delegation will do whatever
is 'best for the "organization," and in
| s'idere remark that Gavin McNab is the
• organization.
'The great throng of delegates will ar
, rive upon the trains due here to-mt>r
row evening, and late to-morrow night
the canvassing will begin. Concerning
the chairmanship of the convention
everything is in the air.
M. F. Tarpey, chief of the Hearst
• forces,, arrived to-night. Mark Plaisted
Of Fresno, advance guard of a delega
„ t;on instructed for Hearst, is also here.
The Democratic State Convention will
• be he>d as in a forest of pines through
v.hich sweeps the exhilarating breath
cf "the salt sea. Some recess of a near
"".by canyon has been denuded to trans-
Jorm Armory Hall, wherein the conven
tion will be held, into a giant bower of
green. No sign of beam or arch is visi
'.He in' the big structure, and where
/sweeping branches and fragrant fes
.' tooss are absent, flags and streamers
of -bunting hold the eye.
BRYAN'S PICTURE MISSING.
Most artistic in the scheme of decora
• tion Is a canopy of flags that stretches
.from the gallery upon the v.est to end
lin sweeping drapery over the platform,
.behind "which rears a sounding board
of blue that will throw afar the elo
quence of the gathered Bourbons.
Tucked shyly to one side in this mass of
•Iraperj.' is a portrait of Thomas Jeffer
¦£on. It is the work of some gifted sign
.' painter, but alone as it is, there is
nothing to which its merits as a work
of .art can be compared. There is no
chromo of the great high priest Cleve
land hear, nor do the classic features
of parton saint Bryan beam in this
• ionesome grallery.
Just one more effort is made to Ilght
.«?n the general scheme of decoration. A
picture of the battleship Oregon, whose
race against time and whose splendid
•light for the maintenance of a Repub
lican policy and Republican principle
..is. known round the world, is there to
inspire the Democratic hosts. It nar
'ro'wly miesea screening from view the
'one portrait that stands out aisid the
verdure. Suspended from the canopy
of flags are the trl-color shields that
bear the names of the counties. Upon
the east end of the hall, directly in
.front of the platform, a great' slice" of
the hall has been reserved for the San
Francisco delegation— the Fourth and
Fifth Congressional districts— while
.north of this assignment, and also in a
position of- honor, has been placed -the
Ix>s Angeles delegation— the " Seventh
Congressional District. The rest of the
districts have been spread back through
• the hall without effort to preserve nu
merical or alphabetical order.
All in all. the Democrats should be
appreciative, for the citizens of Santa
Cruz have gone to great lengths to
make their visit here agreeable. Al
though the city does, not show- many
outward signs of Joy at the coming of
the •Democrats, nor. have, brass bands
yet begun to blare, the hall is all that
could be desired and uptown accommo
dations are of the best. - • <
NO THOUGHT OF BOLTING
Candidate Says He Will Sup
port St. Louis Nominee,
Whoever He May Be
Managers Assert
That Victory
Is Theirs.
HEARST VOWS
HIS LOYALTY
HEARST FORCES ARE FIRST
TO ARRIVE AT SANTA CRUZ
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY," MAY 15; 11)04.
Pages 35 to48
Pages 35 to 48
One Night
Treatment h
with
Soak the feet or hands
on retiring in a strong,
hot, creamy, lather, cl
CUTICURA SOAP.
Dry, and anoint freely
with. CUTICURA
OINTMENT, the great
skin cure and purest of
emollients. Bandage
lightly in old, soft cotton
or linen. For itching,
burning, and* scaling ec-
zema, rashes, inflamma-
tion, and chafing, for red-
ness, roughness, cracks,
and fissures, with brittle,
shapeless nails/this treat-
ment is simply wonderful,
frequently, curing in one
night.
Cotnafrte Homnr Cure. rnril«lnj of CTTTCCR-l
R*»lv?nr. Mr. (in form of Chocolate Coatat! F1'J», tie.
prrTialof Sli.Olniment.JOo., rioap.44<:. Dcpou : Loadan
V CTiartor him me .*•?. : P aria, IRuMe la Pali ; ¦•«(>«, 127
Columbua A". Psttrr Dra| * Chom Corp.. *ai. tnp*
mr 2 tad lot " U.w 10 Cvi Etuj Hit— * .
ADVERTISEMENTS.Yale Nine Defeats West PoinU
WEST POINT, May- 14. — Baseball
score : West ¦ Point 1. Yale 7.
Clinch made a fair showing against
Hotchkiss, but the latter won in
straight sets^ The matches by rounds
follow:
Preliminary round — Hotchkiss
(Lick) beat Roberts (Oakland High)
6-0, 6-2; Clinch. (Berkeley High) beat
Porter (Woodland) 6-2, 6-2; Schmidt
(Boone's) beat Barrett (Hitchcock)
6-0, 6-0; Hough (Lowell High) beat
Gabriel (Wilmerdlng) 7-5. 7-5.
First round— Hotchkiss beat Clinch
6-4, 6-4; Schmidt beat Oott (Alameda
High) «-0. 6-0.
Semi-finals — Schmidt beat Long
6-2. 4-6. 10-8. •
Finals — Schmidt beat Hotchkiss
5-7, 9-7, 6-0, 5-7, 6-2.
PORTLAND, May 14. — Keefe made
Mlque Fisher a birthday present of a
skut-out game to-day on his forty
first birthday. The game should have
been won by Portland. Cartwright
,threw the chance away when he failed
to touch third base on his race for
home on the long drive of Beck to
Center. Spencer's errors were costly
also and had their effect on the result.
From a pitchers' standpoint the game
was a brilliant one. The score:
Portland— , Tacoma—
A.B. R. H. P.A.I A.B. R. H. P.A.
Dman.cf 0 0 0 0 0 Casey, 2b 4 0 0 4 3
Mrphy.cf 3 0 0 1 OHanvn.cf * I ' 3 0 0
Epncr.2b 4 0 0 4 3 Ncrdy.lb 4 0 1. 8 1
Nadau.ir 3 0 0 3 0 Egan.ss. 4 113 3
McCre.rf- 3 0 3 2 0 Lynch.Sb 2 0 13 1
Beck.lb. 4 0 16 0 Mcl/n.lf 4 0 012 0
Frncis.ss 4 0 13 1 -Oraham. c 4 0 18 1
CrtwrUb 4 0 0 3 0 Hojan.rf 3 0 0 10
St«lmn,o 8 0 16 4 KeeJe.p. 3 0 0 12
Ibergr.p.. 10001 .
•She* 10 0 0 0 Totals 32 2 T 27.11
Totals 30 0 6 27 0
_»Shea batted tor Cartwright.
RUNS ANI> HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 000 0 00000—0
BaM blta 100012011—6
Tacoma 0 11 00000O—2
BaM hits 121101010—7
BUMMART.
- Sacrifice hit — • Iberr. Errors — Spencer 3.
Earned ran — Tacoma. Stolen bases — Drennan,
Lynch. Bases on balls — OS Iberg 2. oft Keefe
3. Struck out— By Iberj 4. by Keefa 6. Two
base hits — Hannlvan, Kordyke. AfcCreedle.
Three-base hit — Eg&n. Double plays — Spencer
to Beck; Eg-an to Casey, to Keefe. Left on
base* — Portland 8. Tacoma 6. Hit by pitcher —
By Keefe 1. First b&so on errors — Tacoma. 3.
Wild pitch — Keefe. Time of game — One hour
and fifty minutes. Umpire — O'Connell. At
tendance — 1500.
Another Match for Nelson.
SALT LAKE, May 14.—Arrange
ments were completed to-day for a
match between "Battling" Nelson and
Louie Long to take place at the Salt
Palace In this city on June 13. The
men will light at 130 pounds at 6
o'clock. The match ¦ is for twenty
rounds.
- P. Brown started a clever young
greyhound at Ingleside Park yester
day in Humbctldt. a fawn and white
son of Hot Stuff-Crawford Lass! He
led the fast Texas greyhound, Apple
Blossom, three lengths and then beat
her by a score of 11 points to- 6. .
Several of the trials yesterday
lasted more than two minutes. This
is unusual at this season of the year.
The day's results In detail with Judge
Thomas Tlerney's official scores fol
low:
Fenli beat Una, 12-4; Gold Lily beat
Lamparell, 11-7; Manru beat Summer,
19-4; Cosette beat Conroy, 5-4; Toronto
beat Sofala,:5-i; Red Pepper beat Sir
Winton, 6-0; Fancy Free beat Rob R,
4-0; Almlra beat White Stockings, 6-1;
Gold Chain beat Texas Blacklips, 8-1;
Intruder beat Real Pasha, 9-6;. Mark
Twain beat Budding Rose, 14-«i Doc
Burns beat Dorothy M, 6-4; Idocky
Shamrock beat Nellie M, 26-0; Balen
dlne beat Bella B, 14-5; Vina beat Si
lent Water, 10-1; Hera beat Proper, E-0;
Firm Fellow beat Queen's Motto, 6-1;
Good as Gold beat King's Pride, 8-1;
Real Duchess beat Creole Belle, 6-0;
Helen Hayes beat Glancing Pasha, 5-4;
Pasha Pleasant beat Wedgewood, 7-4;
Northern Alarm beat Flaunt, 9-8;
Frank Dunn beat Little Sister, 8-2;
Pepper Jack beat Meddlesome, 8-4; Ar
ticulate beat Beauty Gold. 7-5; Kuchira
beat Belfast, 4-0; Imperious beat Equa
tor, 3-0; (Jolden Garter beat Frisco LajJ,
10-1; Haughty Helen beaf Medley, 9-4;.
Colored Lady beat My Grafter, 11-4;
Black Coon beat Idaho Boy, 4-3; Terra
Cotta beat Lady Rover, 14-1; Thetis
beat Glaucus, 12-9; Lily "Wright beat
Humbug, 13-5; Ragged Actor beat Tex
as Mamie, 5-0; Evil Eye beat Bright
Coin, 7-1; Miss Brummell beat Young
Kerry Pippin, 5-2; Haddlngton beat
Jessie Dean, 7-5; Lily Tork beat Young
Johnny Rex, 6-1; Luxury beat Labor-
Ing Boy, 5-4; Commercial Traveler
beat Star Sylvanus, 13-6; Homer Boy
beat Mirage, 6-2; Little Xiucy beat
Lone Mountain, 4-1; Sliver Cloud beat
Frisky Boy, 6-1; Flower of Kerry beat
Amelia, 14-8; Pure Pearl beat Prome
theus, 3-2; Don Pedro beat Sllevena
mon, 3-2; Prompto a bye, Reckless Ac
robat withdrawn; Hermit beat Orslna,
5-3; Royal Friend beat Fiddler, 7-1;
Humboldt, beat J Apple Blossom, 11-6;
Tricksy beat Roy Hughie, 4-2; Lulu
Girl beat Jerry Wright. 32-2; "Walt For
Me beat Royal Spirit, 18-5; Wattles
beat Chips, 11-1; Tralee Lass beat Do
reen, 7-1.
Herbert Schmidt, representing
Boone's University School of Berkeley,
carried off the honors in the annual
tennis singles tournament yesterday
for the championship of the Academic
Athletic League. A good crowd was
on hand to witness the matches, which
were - played " on the California. Club
courts.
Schmidt's opponent In the finals
was Marius Hotchkiss, representing
Lick School, and winner of the 1903
tournament. Poor management al
most cost Schmidt the championship.
After playing three matches, the third
of which was exceedingly hard, he
was forced to play a nve-set match
with but thirty minutes' rest. Schmidt
ordinarily would have had no trouble
beating Hotchkiss, but the latter was
fresh, while the former was dead on
his feet when the match started.
As was expected, " by far the best
match of the tournament was that in
which Schmidt and Herbert Long of
Lowell High School were the contest
ants. These boys are the most prom
ising in the California Club and the
score shows they are evenly matched.
In the third set 'Long had Schmidt
within a point of the match, but tho
latter pulled out and won the decid
ing set, 10-8.
This match was the best ever played
in an academlo tournament, and at
times was roundly applauded. Both
players made brilliant shots,- although
they were extremely nervous through
out. Schmidt's years of tournament
experience undoubtedly won the
match for him.
' The final match was closer than the
Long-Schmidt match, but the tennis
was much poorer. Hotchkiss played
his usual careful game and got every
thing 1 back, while Schmidt was lacking
in both speed and accuracy. After
having a good lead In the .first set,
Schmidt lost lt« 7-5. 'The reverse hap
pened in the second set. Hotchkiss
led at 5-3, but was beaten put In
the third set Schmidt played his best
tennis and his opponent' did not get a
game. The fourth set was exceedingly
close and finally went to Hotchkiss.
Both players were well used up in the
flfth set. Schmidt, with a fine burst
of speed, won out quite handily. . •*
Schmidt's victory was a popular
one, as he not only played excellent
tennis, but showed that he is game.
Of the preliminary matches, the
only one that was at all close was that
between Harold Gabriel of Wilmer
ding and Long. The latter was thought
to outclass his opponent, but Gabriel
forced him to play his best game to
win.
APPLAUD CONTESTANTS
LEADS TEREE LENGTHS
SPENCEK MAKES EEEOBS
Premier Tiger Twirler
Treats 3Iike Fisher to a
Little Birthday Present
Greyhound Humboldt Beats
Apple Blossom Handily
, in an Ingleside Trial
Wins the Championship jot
the Academic Athletic
League From Hotchkiss
CLEVER PUPPY
IS A SURPRISE
SCHMIDT PLAYS
CLEVER TENNIS
KEEFE BLANKS
WEBFOOT STARS
KANSAS CITY, May 14.—Elm
ridge summary:
First race, six furlongs, purse —
Elliott won, Americano second. Cap
tain Arnold third. Time, 1:16^.
Second Race, four furlongs, purse —
Frying Pan won, Mary Primm second,
Gleeman third. Time, :50^£.
Third race, five and a half furlongs,
selling: — Josette won, St. George Jr.
second. Pretension third. Time, 1:10^.
Fourth race, the Missouri handicap,
one mile, $1500 added — Felipe won,
Judse second. Military Man third.
Time, 1:43^.
Fifth race, five furlongs — John
Pmulski won, Airship second. Torpedo
* third. Time. 1:03.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Sweet
Tone won, Zela Knight second, Dur
bar third. Time. 1:44 tf. ¦;.;-' |>
Elliott Beats Americano.
Churchill Downs Racing.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 14. —
Churchill Downs summary :
First race, flve furlongs — Pendragon
won, Florentine second. Green Gown
third. Time, 1:03%.
Second race, six furlongs — Lida Lieb
won, Ben Mora second, Apple third.
Time. 1:16%. . '
Third race. Gentleman's cup, one
mile — Olonetz won, Bellario second,
Balm of Gilead third. Time, 1:48.
Fourth race, the Frank Freer
stakes, one mile — Henry Bert woih,
Hand More second, Christine A third.
Time. 1:44.
Fifth race, steeplechase, handicap,
full course, abdut two miles — Itaca
tlara won, Handvice, second, Mystic
Shriner third. Time, 3:59^.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth
miles, selling — Discus won, Sam Stev
ens second, Kilmorie third. Time, 1:52.
The golf handicap for men and the
putting competition forewomen that
were set down on the schedule of the
San Rafael Golf Club for yesterday
did not take place, the directors hav
ing decided to" hold no contests until
the Decoration day holidays. On the
28th there will be handicaps foremen
and /women, the gross scores being
reckoned as qualifying rounds for the
contests for the Council's cup.
BOSTON, May 14.— Ferry's wildness
lost an eleven-inning game to-day when
Detroit seemed to have it clinched in
the ninth inning. Winter was knocked
out of the box in"the ninth. He was
replaced by Tannehlll. The game was
rather loosely played. Attendance 4400.
Score:
R. H. E.
Boston .~. 8* 9 4
Detroit 7 10 3
Batteries— Winter, Tannehlll and Far
rell; Ferry and Wood. /
PHILADELPHIA, May 14.— The lo
cals won from Chicago to-day after a
close contest. Altrock retired after the
pixth inning, Patterson taking N ' his
place. Green was ejected from the game
in the first Inning for disputing a deci
sion. Attendance 10,400. Score:
R. H. B.
Chicago 1 5 0
Philadelphia 2 6 1
Batteries — Altrock, Patterson and
McFarland; Waddell and Schreck.
NEW YORK, May 14.— Cleveland
could do nothing with Chesbro ¦ to-day
and lost the final game of the present
series. Attendance 12,000. Score:
New Tork .!....1O 18. 6
Cleveland 13 2
Batteries— Chesbro and McGulre;
Rhoades and Bemls.
£ NATIONAL LEAGUE. _
CHICAGO, May 14. — Chicago's long
hitting defeated Philadelphia and made
the game one-sided. Four hits for three
runs retired Sparks In the first. Welmer
gave way to Lundgren after having
passed the first two men up In # the
sixth. Attendance 1800. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 12 12 0
Philadelphia .....4 10 2
Baterles— Welmer, Lundgren and
Kllng; Sparks, Brackenridge, McPher
son and Roth. Umpire — Johnstone.
CINCINNATI, May 14.— Only one of
the five hits made by New York in the
game with Cincinnati to-day was a
clean drive. Walker's wildness and the
poor fielding support given him at;crit
ical times being principally responsible
for the visitors' runs. Attendance 8100.
Score: /
] R. H. E.
Cincinnati .0 6 '4
New York ......3 5' 0
Batteries— Walker and Peitz; McGln
nity and Warner. Umpire— Emslie.
ST. LOUIS, May 14.— St. Louis took
the third game of the Boston series to
day. The cold weather was, responsible
for many misplays. A feature was a
home run by Cooley. Attendance 5300.
St. Louis ....4 11 2
Boston. ....'.......^.,3 6 6
Batteries— Corbett and Grady; Plt
tinger and Moran. ; Umpire— Moran.
¦ m ¦ ¦ ¦ ' . •;'
British India now employs over 1,000,
000 people In Its cotton Industrie*. "
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
(NATIONAL.) (AMERICAN.)
W. I* Pet. - " W. L, Pet.
New York.. 16 6 .714 Boston 19 4 .826
Cincinnati ..16 9 .640 Philadelphia. 15 7 .682
Chicago .'...12 » .571 New York. ..12 9 .571
St. Louis 11 11 .500 Chicago ....13 12 .520
Brooklyn ...10 12 .455 Cleveland ..10 11 .476
Boston 10' 13 .435 St. Louis... .10 11 .476
Pittsburg ... 8 14 .304 Detroit 7 15 .318
Philadelphia. 6 17 .227 Washington.. 3 18 .143
FERRY'S WILDXESS ALLOWS
BOSTON AMERICANS TO WIN
"Rube" Waddell Swings His Jlighty
Left Arm Successfully Against
tlie Chicago White Sox.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
SIXTH RACE— Mile; three-year-olds.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Tin.
16 to 6— Thane, 112 (Ollphant).. .2 13 15
9 to 1— Sarllla, 102 (Johnson). .. .3 4 n 2 »J
13 to 6 — Gt. Eastern, 96 (Wilson). 6 3 1 3 n
Time, 1:412-6. Start good. Won In a canter.
Winner, J. C. Milam's ch. g. 5, by Atheling-
Stone Croo. Soldier of Fortune 01. Lingo 110,
Marcos 109, Chanterelle 1O*. Polk Miller 91. I.
Samuelson 112, John Drake 109, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE^-Mlle and a half; three-year
olds and up; selling.
Betting. Horee, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 1 — Compass, 05 (Harris).... 4 2 2 In
3 to 6— Little Elkln. 97 (Nlcol).. 3 4 2 2 Vi
4 to 5— Potheen. 106 (Fischer).. 7 3 2^3
Time. 2:36 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. N. Walker's b. m.,0. by Badpe-
Actress. Water Tower 1*6, Lou Woods 99, The
Way 105, North Wind 99. finished ae named.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up: handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Huzzah. »4 (Mclntyre). .. 8 7n 12
14 to 5 — Dan McKenna. 100 (Shn) 7 3 >* 2 h
12 to 1— Gllfaln. 96 (J. Booker) .3 5 n 3 1
Time. 1:53 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, James Arthur's br. h. (5) by Her
mence-Complete. Albula 97. Banter 92. Gre
gork 108, Ink 02. Port Royal 109, finished as
named.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; three-year
olds and up; handicap: - V-
Bettlng. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Bt. *i Fin.
S to 5— Delagoa, 116 (Henry) 3 2 2 1 1H
S to 2— Never Fret. 114 (Sheehan) 2 1 1 3 Vt
12 to 1 — Typhoolc. 105 (Larsen) ... 1 3 h 3 h.
Time 1:00 2-6. Start good. Won easily.
Winner S. C. Hlldreth's b. m. (B) by Klng
•ton-Rfcodesia. Peter J 105, Redman 100. Roue
100 finifhed as named.
Time 1:01 3-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Fred Cook's br. c. by Cesarion — Lura F.
Seaworthy 104. Dixie Andrews 100, Sterling
Price 103. finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Five furlongs, purse, two
year-olds.
Bttting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St % Fin.
7 to 10— Lusarlon. 113 (Nlcol)... 8 4^11
9 to 5— Modredlaw. 108 (Ollph) 2 1 1 2 V»
15 to 1— One Way. 109 (Haack). 3 3 h 3 24
CHICAGO, May 14.— English Lad
being scratched from th© fourth race,
interest in to-day's card centered in
the Worth opening race in which Peter
Paul, from the stable of Virginia Brad
ley, made his debut here. After finish
ing third to floral King and Monastic,
Peter Paul pulled up lame. The geld
ing showed a remarkably good race
considering his injury, which was at
first thought to be serious enough to
put him out of the Derby. He raced
to-day with a protecting plate over his
bruised heel and it is probable this
•wound was reopened. Bradley said,
however, that it was not serious and
would not keep him fnJm preparing the
three-year-old for the American Derby.
The race was won easily ( by Floral
King, the 6 to 5 favorite, while Mon
astic had all he could do-^o Peter
Paul a nose. Peter Paul was well
played, opening at 4 and closing at 7
to 2. Huzzah, backed from 12 to 1 down
to 5, won the handicap easily by two
lengths from the 14 ,to 5 favorite, Dan
McKenna. Although the weather was
cald and disagreeable a big crowd wit
nessed the races, which were run over
a fast track. Three favorites won.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five and a half furlongs,
puiti-. three-year-olds.
Betting. Hcrse. Weight. Jockey. St.. ?i Fin.
6 to 5— Florl Kng, 115 (Larsen) 2 12 12
3 to 1— Monastic, 115 (Henry).. 3 4 3^2 h
3 to 2— PeterPaul 112 (Sherw) 1 2H36
Time 1:07. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
H. Gartner's br. c by Giganteum-Rosa Re
gina. Heritage 105, St. Paula 106. Komombo
100 Testimony 100, finished as named.
SEVENTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Tangent. 110 (Donegan). 4 2 2 1 h
B^to 1— Sweet Charlty.l07(Trox.) 3 12 2 7
7 to 5 — Radium 09 (D. Austin).. 13 2 3 2
Time. 1:18. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner E. and L Bohlman's br. h. by Tlthonus-
Trade Wind. Duela 102. One More 109, Floral
Wreath 10S and Fickle Saint 107 finished as
named. Fickle Saint left at poet.
Time, 1:4714. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, L. G. Tate & Co.'s ch. g. by Ecuador-
Sewing Girl. Gasllghter 107. Exapo 99, Nath
Woodcock 110 finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-yeat-olds
and up.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Tickful. 103 (W. Davis). 2 12 1 \Vx
6 to 1 — Pourquol Pas.100 (Spears)l 4 6 2 nk
3 to 1— Satchel, 104 (McMullen).5 2 4 3 h
FJFTH RACE— Six furlong»; three-year-olds
and up.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
5 to 2— Elastic. 117 (Dale) 8 13 11
Even —Orient, OS (D. Austin)... 1 2 2 2 1H
4 to 1— Claremont, 103 (.Cocolo).. 2 3 3
Time, 1:13^;. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. L. LemD & Co.'s ch. c. by Golden
Gartcr-Mlsa llodred. Only three starters.
FOURTH RACB— One and & sixteenth mile*;
three-year-olds and up; Lucas Memorial:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Lucian. 100 (Cocolo) 2 23 lh
2 to 1 — C Thompson, 110 (Troxler) 1 12 2 3
7 to 2 — Bugler. 101 (D. Austin) ... 6 47 3 10
Time. 1:61%. Start Won driving.
Winner, L. Johnson's br. c. by St. George-Mai
Fal. Fatalist 100, Irby Bennett 101, South
Breeze 100, finished as named.
THIRD RACE! — One mile; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Pathos, 102 (Stoval) 5 14 18
9tol— Feronla 102 (Donegan).. 16324
16 to 1— Nabockllsh. Ill (Barnger) 4 2 5 31%
Time, 1:47. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, R. J. Nolan's ch. h. by Cayuga-Julla May.
ResElda 07. Hickory Corners lOt. Hubbard 83.
Patricius 97, Wellesley 103. Velasquez 106,
Nan Dora 101. finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Four and & half furlongi;
two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even-^Pr. Orna, 105 (Austin). 1 12 1 1#
11 to 0— Joe Kelly, 105 (Willie).. 2 27 22
4 to 1— Renaissance, 1 00 (Cocolo) 8 3 4 3 30
Time, :58»4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. P. Hayes 1 b. f. by. Ornament -Princess
Over. John Krlder 98, also ran. .
ST. LOUIS, May 14. — The last stake
race of the Kinloch Breeders' Associa
tion meeting at Delmar was won here
to-day by Lucian, which outffamed
Charlie Thompson In a terrific drive
through the stretch after Thompson
had made all the running. Tangent, at
20 to 1, shocked the talent in the con
ceding race of the day. Ten thousand
persons saw the stake run.
The Union Jockey Club track, inde
pendent, showed signs of distress for
the first time to-day, *only five book
makers doing business. Summary:
FIRST RACE'-Slx furlongs; three-y«ar
olds and up.
Bntlng. Home. Weight, Jockey. St.: % Fin.
12 to 1— Caterpillar, 10* (Austin) 3 2 8 1 nk
10 to 1— Bid Silver, 104 (Howell). 4 11 2 1
7 to 1— T. Foster, 102 (Vndrbot) 6 4 6 3 8
Time, 1:18%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, X. J. Cuttalanotte' s b. g. by Boa
Aml-Etham. Queen Lonlana S3 Meran 104.
Onanetta 102, Dotty Shut* 107. touiky Secret
95, Mordella 88, Chrlstelle 83, Carnell&n 113,
Jerry Hunt 100, finished as named.
Son of Ben Brush
Seems Hardly
Extended.
SIXTH RACE — One and three- sixteenth
mik-g; three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
H to 1— Africander. 126 (Odom).. 1 8h lh
15 to 1— Lord Badge. Ill (Fuller). 4 61 2 3W
8 to 1— Hello. 104 (HUdebrand).. 5 02 3 5
Time, 2:01 2-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, Hampton Stable's b. c. by Star Ruby-
African Qu«n. Eugenia Burch. Short Hose.
Honolulu, Illyria. Phaon. Rough Rider. Andy
Williams, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — About two miles; Inter
national steeplechase; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to lfr— Plato. 153 (Veutch) 7 2 S 1 \
5 to 2— 6t. Jude, 133 (Ray) 2 3 2 2 20
0 to 10— Scot. Hush. H4 (Henry)- 1 1134
Time. 3:59 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Wiener. Mr. Chamblet's b. g. by St. Florlan-
Optltscent. Lipton. Maiden, Moon Daisy,
Neponset, Garcar, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— The Wlthera for Withers
rcile: three-year-olds.
Betting Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5 — Delhi, 126 (Odom) 3 12 1*4
15 to 1— Bryri Mawr. 126 (McCue) 5 4H!«
4>i to 1— Conjurer, 126 2 3 2 3 3H
Time, 1 :4C». Start good. Wcb ridden out.
Winner, J. R. Keene's b. c by Ben Brush-
Vcva. Stalwart and Montreson finished as
named.
THIRD RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
th« Fashion, for fillies, two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. 8t. \ Fin.
S to 1 — Incantation. 119 "Martin) 2 2 1 1 »' t
Even— Bellatrix. 119 (Shaw)... 7 3h 2h
IS to 5 — Czarapfclne. 119 <Lrne)..4 5U31
¦Time, : 53 4-5. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, A. Miller's ch. f. by Horoscope- White
Rose. C-hrysltle, Clover Hampton. Fancy
Press. Estella J, Bella Bignora, Duldbella,
Nevada finished as named.
Time. 1 :00. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. D. Gideon'* br. g. by His Higrhne?s-Nose
*ay. Asterisk. Little Buttercup. Sufferance,
Masca Eeterre. Virgo, Susanne. Rocamora,
Moctlbcllo. Miss Bryant finished as named.
"SECOND P.ACE— Five furlongs; selling:; two
v*-fir-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »; Fin.
4toJ— Lincrcft 101 (Cochrane).. 2 1111
6-to 1— Mary Lark. 104 (J. Martin) 4 3l',2 3
6 to 1 — Muozon. 101 (Cormack). . . 1 2h 3 1
Time. 1:15. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. J. R. Kwne's c. g. by St. Leonard-Indif
ference. Mskayuna. Stone Arabia. The Cap
tain. Lady Prudence, Step Awax. Candidate.
Queen Belle. Bound Brook. Memphis. Hetty
O.. Detention. Head Lad finished as named.
MORRIS PARK. May 14. — The
fourth race, the Withers etake, was
to-day's best attraction. Odom had
the mount on Delhi and when the bar
rier was raised he pent the brown son
of Een Brush to the front, showing at
once that the pace was to be a fast
one. The colt wanted to run even
faster, but Odom at once took hold of
him. as did Redfern on Montreson,
bo that the two colts, both with arched
necks, did not appear to be running
at anything like top speed. The first
half mile was run in :48 4-6 and flve
furlongs In 1:01. When Delhi went
around the far turn and opened up an
even larger gap of daylight than
seemed necessary, many spectators be
gan u> wonder if any colt could keep
up such a pace.
As they came down the-Wll, Delhi
well out in the track, appeared going
easily. By this time he had all his op
ponents except Bryn Mawr beaten.
This colt stole along: near the rail. He
overhauled the pacemaker, but Odom
did not seem alarmed. He waited un
til about fifty yards from the finish,
when he let Delhi down and passed
the judges half a length In front of
Bryn Mawr. which was six lengths in
advance of Conjurer.
The last named ran like a "rater."
t>ut lacked speed. Montreson's defeat
was complete. Stalwart failed to flat
ter his backers. In fact, the form of
the Withers of 1904 bore out last
year's form, except that Bryn Mawr
is a much improved colt, likely to win
at longrer distances from racers sup
posed to be "•crackerjacks." Summary:
-' FIRST RACE — Six and a half furlongs;
P"J"w; maiden three- year-olds and up:
I^ttinir. Hone, Weipbt, Jockey. St. % Fin.
l*lolf< — Careless 107 (Redfernj. 5 2 1^14
r. to 1— Out of Reach, UUOdom) 4 3 4 2 S
15 to 1— Male Hanlon. 109 (Fullr) 3 1 1 3 h
Peter Paul JPulls
Up Lame at
Worth.
Kinloch Stake for
the Speedy
Lucian.
DELHI TAKES THE WITHERS
CLEVERLY AT MORRIS PARK
TACOMA LEADS IN RACE FOR BASEBALL PENNANT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, .MAY 15, 1904.
36
1 1 am always willing to wait for
my fee until a cure is effected.
j{ DR. 0. C. JOSLEIM
I The Leading Specialist |
I In Men's
I Diseases.... .
|| So-called "^Veakness" ts
Ij merely a symptom of a chron-
R ically Inflamed condition that I /
£1 completely overcome by careful
W local treatment.
I Contracted
I Uisorflsrs.... ,
\\ Be sure your cure Is thor- |
a ouKh. I cure contracted clls-
M eases thoroughly and in less
v ] time than Is commonly required
f\ to even partially cure. Do not
H endanger your health and
U power by relying upon patent
fa nostrums or other uncertain
11 measures.
w I cure Gonorrhea PEBilA- \
\\ NENTLT In from S to 10 days,
fj I am able to do this because I f
1 frequently examine the canal
j| by means of a small electric
II ll£ht, and am enabled to treat
tj each diseased part separately
a and intelligently. Following: my
H treatment there are no after
H evil results. There is no stric-
fj ture to fear, and no chronic »
II condition (sometimes called
O gleet) ever occurs.
(Specific
Blood Poison
gr My treatment for Specific
H Blood Poison neutralizes and
[J eliminates the very last taint
p oi virus from the system, and
[| all this is accomplished with-
p| out the use of dangerous mln- s
H erals. I afford you a complete
m and permanent cure.
fj My pamphlet, m Zi1t« A22 Tonr
g Tetna Maa," free at offlc* or
n by mall. >,
I DR.O.C.JOSLEN
D Cor. Market and Kearny Sts. ,
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
OF ANATOMY^
0 S) i:k HA2ZZT ST. U\. t-ikTX S.T.CiI. A
\ jGf be Laj i e * t AaMoaical Mut*um in the \
B mC.lVj W#r.<L HeiiHim rr My cmncui'. A
V WOf*« d < Ml * rar.<i r>yrte»;a«it Y
0 /SJB 1 5 P ea * 1 '" °° tht <-••«• Km. j* jraan. 0
1 &*]&& 09. JORDAM-D.'SEASES OF MEN $
\ IG&fta C««wlt»tio« fr«. «a4 .trtctfr j>rtT»tt \
S 1 I#Tfcf il Tr<MtrD5»t ptrton»!l)r or bf l»-.ter. A A
\ Q y M U f—*t*** Cmr* In rttry ««e unde rt«ken. T
Orlf HO Writs for Bo«k. PBILOIUPBY .f A
\ I It MAnBIAGK. MAIUD FXXV. {AT
1 A Jl valuable baok for nra) \
V DO. JOBDAH A CO.. 1061 M*rk«t8t.S. T.9
OCEAN TEAVEL.
e Steamers leave Bro«dway
wharves, piers 0 »nd 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketchllcan. Wranzel.
Juneaa. H&lnes. Skagw.iy,
etc.. Alaska — 11 ». m.. May
B. 10. 15. 2O. 23. 30 June \.
Changs to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. B«t«
llngham— 11 a. m.. May S, 10. 13. 20. 23. 30.
June 4. Chance at Seattle to this Company's)
steamers for Alaska and G. it. Ry. : at Seattls
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. (Hamboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:.".O
p. m.. May 4, 10, 16, 22. 29; Spokane. 1:30
p. m.. May 1. 7, 13. 19; Corona, May 23, 3L.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, ft a. m.
State of California., Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San PedrG). Santa. Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mont-.
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Loals Obtspo), Ventura and Huen«m«.
- Bontta, 9 a. m.. May 7. 15. 23, SI. Jpn» S.
Santa Crus, 8 a. m. (freight only),May 19. 27.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rev.
salla. Guaymas (Mez.). 10 a. m.. 7th of eacti
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to chance steamers or calling
dates.
TICKET OPTICXS — i New Montgom-. *
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st. and Broad-. "^
way wharves, rreiarht OOce, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUN'AN'N, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market «t., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter «t.. will
call for and check bagirags from hotels *nd
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
NOME
—AND—
ST. MICHAEL
DIRECT.
S. S. F>ORTL/\ND
CAPTAIN J. M. HATS.
(Carrylnr V. S. Malls.)
FROM SAX FRANCISCO DIRKCT.,
Saturday, may 21, at 2 p. m.
Taking freight for
TOPKUK and SOLOMON
DIRECT
AND ALL YUKON RIVER POINTS.
Steamer Will Positively Hot B* Detained
at TJaalaska. • •? -• - .
For Freight and Fas»aga Apply to
H0RTHE3N COMM23BC1AI. CO.
523 Crosalty, bulldin«r. cor. Mission 'and Xew
Montgomery st».. 8an Francisco.
O. R. &¦ N. CO.
COLITMBIA sails May IS. 27. Jun« «, 18. »na
2«. OEO. W. ELDETR sails May 22. June 1,
21 and 21. Only steamship line to PORTLANDi a
OR. ztA short rail line from Portland to a)] '
points East. Through tickets to ill points.
8teame'- tickets include berth and meaia
Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11. a. m
S. F. BOOTH. Oen. Art. Pass. Dept.. 1 Mont.
gomery st. : C. CLIFFORD, Oen. Agent Frelghi
Dept.. 3 Montgomery at. •
S S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Aucfc
'land and Sydney, Thur«.. May 28, 2 p. m.
8. 9. MARIPO3A. for Tahiti. Mar 29. il a. ra
S S. ALAMEH3A. for Honolulu. June 4. 11 a ra
I J.SPRICXILS ft BS03. Ca,i2t3.,fiCt!I Cfla m Xir-
tn, miat oacs 32 j mm si, m % nan n
_ , ,
COXPAONIE BSnaaALS TRA53ATtlMTia3i
DIRECT LIKE TO UAVRCFAiUS.
Salltnx every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton at.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Se»
end class to Havre. $43 and upward. OkIv-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 ANt
CANADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson bulldlax>
New Ycrk. J. F FUOAZI & CO.. Padflo Co**
Agent*. 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Franci3co
Tickets sold by all Railroad Tlckat Agent*.
agare Island and Valleto steainerx.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIH or UONTICELLO-.
6:45 a. m., 3:13 and S:30 p. m., except Sund«y
Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leavej Vail aji A
1 a. m.. 12:30 and 0 P. nw except Sund^y^
Sunday. la m.. 4:13 p. m. Far* SO c«a:i
Tel. Main • li0&. JPUc 2. UUaloa-«L tecJs
SATCS BROS.
Sea8011 Jtixftjifeij Geary St.
IQfiA v - v * v rt/fil*/*/ San Francises
IIIUUTII KMITfriMnnn Open Saturdays
illMl lV/1 llVo bll. until 10 p. ox.
me ST^-f BATHIIVG SUITS
" " \ ' ' ' ". "¦ $ The largest variety ever shown in
C, Jrf5^®^ '- 'i Lidies'Suita SI-50 to $25.00
>' ' r*2b?™ ' ''¦- GM Suits SI.25toSF».OO
fc* *!(«&¦ •¦•' :4. :; ::::teli:g8
mSti&Jb&A&iS&kl''''-''' Caps, Shoes, Bath Robes, Water Wings, etc.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK
!?*%f ¦ jgmjSBi&ZiiBr'jlM 200 Ladles' Alpaca Suits, neatly trimmed;
Mf^S^B^^*;.^..:^^ ailor collars; sires 32 to 42. Regular price $3.50.
igSSm^ll~-£& Outdoor Sports SU
r^^^C^MmTfj^Wt" La(IIcs ' Kn| t Jackets, tarns and Outing Hats-
'^SS^^^S»^Z!m^k Men's an< Boys' Sweaters, Jersey s ana Capj
r Also Supplies for Tennis, Yachting, Baseball, et c
Pfistcr'sUNDERWEARforMenand Women
Llnuret— Pure Linen I VHiuret- Pure Wool
Xyloret- Pure Lisle j Bombyret- Pure Silk
Is made to suit all seasons and climes; fits the 'form and combines
"Comfort and Health**
300 Men's and Boys* CnrOIHC JOD Men's Jerseys, 1 me-
Bathln&Sulls and Trunks A r t U I A LO dium striped, new
dameged *?¦?*';'. goods. Special
Mi Price FOR MEN; $2-50
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CONSUMED BYA FIRE TMT^
WATER WILL NOT <^^W
Only those w1io have experienced the awful Itching and (fe^ fj^^Xn\ ty
burning of Eczema can know how it feels to be consumed by „ jfflvv%l?Q^*^ >^
the blistering, fiery acids oozing otrt through the pores of the . jf/Jf t^^^yy *~**j&
skin. There is no other skin disease that compares in severity /ft
with Eczema. It begins as a mere redness of the skin, or
comes in little watery blisters and pimples, discharging a thin jTST*"""^
sticky 'fluid which hardens into scabs and scales, lea\rintr a raw A^er^j^tO^^^^^^B.
and inflamed surface as they peel off, while the itching is \^|5^-S^
almost intolerable. Eczema is the most vicious and yiolent of V«^
all skin diseases, appearing in many different forms; the dry '
and scaly kind witn brownish white crusts, which gives the skin a rough, leathery appear-
ance, and producing sometimes painful fissures and sores. In other cases the skin has a
swollen, moist appearance, with occasional profuse discharges of watery matter. But all
the varieties and types of this aggravating disease are akin and are caused by impure blood
and an over-acid condition of this vital fluid that seems to set the skin on fire, kindling a
flame that water will not quench, and an itching, stinging eruption that lotions, soaps, salves
and powders cannot suppress. As the poi- ' ' -¦
«:rmniic aridc i'n t1i> M^nA im/m^ica fli*» *rrit\. Dear &rs *— Ia ttt gama « T <* 1898 1 was attacked with
SpnOUS aClQS m tne DlOOa increase tne erUp- a breaking oat, whloh doctors said was Eosema. At oom-
tion Spreads and becomes more angry look- menoed on the inside of my arms and gradually spread.
ino- and rW irrhino- ant\ r»iirniti«r mnr* Ttti The d 0010 " who «amla«d m« said they oould owe It. and
mg, ana tne ltcnmg ana DUmmg more UH- treated me for some time, but it grew won* all the whn«.
bearable. . Eczema IS the commonest of all I then wrote you, wad upon receipt of a rwpiy to my letter
skin diseases, and the most aggravating and ° f 8 * a 8 ' "^ beg * tt ' tald^ »-oo«»«u««
treacherous, disappearing at tjmeS, then re- I had used fottr and a half bottles before seeing any
turnino- stiddetii v anH in a cr-W fnrm tnnn eff^ ot ftt ; ih * Eoe « ma «««me<l to get a great deal
tuiuiug suaaeniy ana in a severer rorm,Uian vrOTWt but I kept on taking the medioine, and in three or
ever. It IS particularly bad in warm weath- four days the eruption commenced to shed off. Ioonld
er beea««w» nr fhic wacnn tT»#» «Vi« ifearr ,' rub tt off Uk * toraa » **& thia waa the end of the Ecaema.
er, Decause at tniS Season tne Skin IS react- < x t^* ta aU nine botUea. and never .pent that much
mg and the blood IS making extra effort tO money for anything that did me so much good. Hayefelt
thrrvro nfF f4iA mm-^A e»r.t-«f £**'* n -nA n*\A I™ better In erery way sinoe. I am 68 years old, and was so
tnrow on tne^ morbid secretions and acid p- #& th at x hirdiy walk and was compelled to quit
purities that have been accumulating during work, but since taking S. 8. 8. hare been on the go* all the
the long winter months, and there is an over- \ "*£**. v fc v «^ tn^. J G ' MoNAIR -
flow of the acrid matter and acid poison
through the pores, producing irritation and redness of the skin and all the terrors of Eczema.
Soothing applications are beneficial and advisable, but not curative, because the seat of the
disease is in the blood, and external or surface treatment cannot change bad blood into good
blood or purge the system of impurities. Only a blood purifier can do this, and while treat-
ing the skin the blood must be looked after or the disease is sure to return when the blood is
again overcharged with acids. - •
S. S. S. to purify and cleanse the blood, and some non-irritating, soothing salve or lotion,
ggiiBHn, is the proper treatment for all forms of Eczema. S. S. S.
y^is^JB j#^«a^^'- has made some remarkable cures of this stubborn skin dis-
Y'^wj^- C"..^^T^ . C ¦ ease — cases that had become chronic from long neglect or
V*»^V wrong treatment. S.S. S. is the only guaranteed strictly
|^ J^ 3 fc^ fe^Z^i J vegetable blood remedy. It is without a single mineral in-
S^*""'^r |^^/ i^^^^r gredient, but of medicinal roots that come from the fields
¦ .^aiii^!^ an^ > forests or Nature's store-houses. S. S. S. combines
both purifying and tonic ".properties that enter into the circulation and destroy the impurities,
and at the same time tone up the general- system. - Skin diseases are, after all, only symp-
toms of impure and vitiated blobdand external signs > of disordered systems, and when you
<mre the blood the eruptions disappear. '
If you have Eczema or any blood disease, sore or eruption, write us and our physician
will gladly advise you, and furnish any information desired without cost to you. Book on the
Skiu and its diseases free/ THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA, GAm
' ' - — - . ' -i "in '« mini i nw Infi — wMi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVESTISEMENTS.STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 14.
The senior baseball team, ludicrously
costumed in overalls and Jump
ers, and each member wearing a flow
ing beard as - a sign of his ancient
standing in the , university, defeated
the faculty 'nine by the score of 20 to
1!) this afternoon.
The last inning was the only exciting
period of the contest. With" only one
run needed to tie and two to win, the
faculty succeeded in getting the bases
full. As -President Jordan stepped to
the bat the crowd shouted to him to
win. the game," but, the athletic presi
dent could only hit a*i easy one to the
senior shortstop. The personnel of the
two teams >.was as follows: ¦ Faculty—
Whitaker, Blair, Jordan; Angell, Fish,
Newsora, Murray, Searles, : Adams.
Seniors— McPhail.R. Hamilton, Brua,
Knight, McNeil, Frink, Nikirk, Ly
man, H. Hamilton. .
Umpire— Bruce Ball. r^i
Faculty Defeated on Diamond.
Saturday, May 14.
Rtmr Alameda, Dowdell, Honolulu; J. D
tpreckels & Bro». Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Gielow. San' Pedro;; P C S 8 Co
,.^ m I Clt ? of Pueb la. Jepeen, Victoria, etc.;
1 c fa s Co.
Stmr Jeanie. Downing. Seattle; E. T. Kruse
Schr Seven Sisters, Campbell. Nome: Seattle
Shipping Co.
Bark Kalulanl, Colly, Honolulu; Williams
Dimond tc Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, May 14.
Stmr Alameda. Dowdell. Honolulu.
Stmr Arcata, . Nelson, Coos Bay.
' Stmr Czarina, Johnson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Alcazar. Wlnkel. . Greenwood.*
Stmr San Mateo, Robs, Tacoma.
Stmr^ Chehalls,' Martin, San Pedro ' 1
Rtmr Pasadena, Henriksen, Port Harford
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. Shelter Cove.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, May 14.
Ptmr F. A. Kilburn, Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Itodrera. •-¦¦/'
Ktmr Santa Monica. Olsen. 62 hours from
Hueneme.. with sehr Charles E. Falk In tow.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn. 47 hours from Coos
Hay.
Stmr Greenwood. Swanson, 14 hours from
Fort Brags.
Stmr Wtstport. Smith, 25 hour* • from Eu
reka.
Stmr Pasadena. Henrickven. 24 hours from
Kureka. bound for Port Harford, put In for
fuel. • ¦ .
Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson, 17 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Charles E. Falk. Hennlngaen, 62 ' hours
from Huenexne, In tow of Btmr Santa Monica
Schr Alice Cooke, Penhallow - 6 days ' from
Port Gamble.
Schr Jennie Stella, Hansen. 4? hours from
Kureka.
Tug Dauntless. Shea, 34 houri from Sluslaw
River. .'¦
Shipping Intelligence.
Policeman Finds Purse.
Policeman J. L. Barrett found a
purse on Friday in the waiting room
of the Oakland ferries. In the wallet
was $32 30 and Mrs. A. .^Duvall, who
yesterday proved her ownership of the
purse thinks the Harbor police force
is composed of pretty good material.
» Steamer. For. ' | galls.
£*>lj>h!n. Skagr.ay & Way Ports. May 15
Corwm Nome May 15
Al-KI Skapxvay & Way Porti! May 10
Santa Ana. .. Valilez A Way Ports.. May 16
Virtro Skacway & Way Ports. May 1»
Humboldt Skagivay & Way Ports. May 21
J. Dollar Valdez & Seward May 22
Nome City... Nome May 25
Cottage City. Skagwa-y & Wax Ports. JMay 2S
3Iunroe Due on Wednesday.
Jack Munroe will arrive in this city
from Hot Springs "Wednesday and will
immediately repair to the Beach Tav
ern, where his trainer, Tim McGrath,
has everything In readiness for tha
big fellow. Andy Gallagher. Ivan Me-
Laughlin, "Kid" Casey and "William
Rodenbach. the amateur heavy
weights, will box every day with tha
Butte miner, and McGrath expects tha
big fellow to round into condition
rapidly.
FROM SEATTLE.
In the sweepstakes which followed
Mr. Robinson of California grassed all
his birds and won outright.
Trapshootlns Honors for Robinson.
PARIS, May 14. — Many crack
pigeon shots participated in the chief
events at Cercle du Bois de Boul
chigue this week. The Prix dea Glai
euls was the principal event, which
Prince Poniatowski. Prince P. Cara
man, Chimay, Messrs. Crittenden.
Robinson and Comte H. D'Oultreraont
took part. It was won by the last
named.
Errors — Reltz. Massey, . Miller. Wilson 2.
Karned runs — Seattle 4. San Francisco 1. Two
base lilts — Hrashear. Mohler. Three-base hit
Mohler. Stolen bdses — Van Haltren, Dele
hanty. Smith', Irwin. Sacrifice hits — Brashear.
Wilson, C. HalU Massey. Bases on balls— Off
C. Hall 2 off Jones 1. Hit by pitched ball —
By Jones 1. Struck out— By C. Hall 0/ by
Jones 2. Wild pitch— C. Hall. Left on bases —
Seettle 0, San Francisco 8. Time of game —
2 Tiours. Umpire— Huston." .
Seattle 0 1 0 Z 0 1 2 0 x— 7
Base hits ..... 1114 12 3 1 x-U
San Francisco... 0200000 0 0—2
Base hits 1 ."10 1 1 • 1 : 1 1—10
SUMMARY.
KUN9 AND HITS BY INNINGS
Seattle — " " t San Francisco —
. AB.R. H. P.A.! AB.R. H. P.A.
I'nHn cf.4 2 12 OlHldbd. If. 3 0 13 0
Mohlr 2b.5 0 2 2 1-IVldrn. cf.5 0 12 0
Oelhy! 3b.5 0 1 1 .0 Weany. rf.4 0 0 11
l^lsh K..4 1 3 0 Ollrwln, Sb.4 1 0 a 1 3
Pmlth, rf.5 12 4 .OReltz. 2b.4 2 114
Urshr lb.3 1 1 0 2 Masy. lb..3 0 0 5 1
B. Hall.8.4 1 2 3 0 Miller, 8..4 0 1 7 2
Wilson, c.3 0 2 f» 1 Uahy. c.4 0 # 2 3 1
C. Hall.p.3 10 12 Tones. p...4 0 1 J.
Totals. 30 7 14 27 6 Totals.35 2 10 24 1G
' SEATTLE, May 14. —^cattle won
from San Francisco to-day by bunch
ing hits and playing fast ball all the
time behind Hall. The batting and
fielding of Irwin, the fielding of Hilde
brand and the fine pitching of Jones,
under fire, were features. Score:
Invin. Hildebrnnd nnd Jones Appear,
to Advantajjo. ,
SEATTLE 1'IiAYS FACT BALIi.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.! Pier.
May 15. | f"~
Elizabeth., rcqutllr- T.lver j 10 am | Pier 20
S. Kosa Fan Drego & Way. «J amjPier 11
Bonlts. Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am! Pier 9
May 16. [
Pomona....; Humboldt l:30p|PIer 0
May 17.
kamoa Los Angeles Ports. 10 amjPler 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 18. j
laqua HumboMt 10 amipier 2
Eureka Humbolut 0 am|Pler 13
j North Fork Humboldt S pmlPler iO
! Nome Cltr. Nome via Seattle.. C pmtPier 16
i Arctic Humboldt 9 am! Pier 2
S. Cruz ! f,an Pedro & Way. 9 am|Plfr 11
«>ntralia...j Loh Angeles Ports.. 10 amjPler 10
Spokane j Humbo'.dt l:20p|Pler 9
i China i China & Japan 1 pmlPler 40
! S. Cruz j Pan Pedro & Way. 3 amIPIer 11
j State of Gal ' s^an Diego & Way. i) amIPIer 11
Pomo ! Pt. Arena & Albion B pmlPler 2
May 2a
rrmatnia...! Puset Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Alliance... j Kureka & Coos Bay! jpier 1G
May 21. | |
Arcata ; Coos ». & Pt. Orfrd 10 am|PIer 13
Argo j Eel Kiver Portt. . .1 4 pmlPler 2
I't. Arena..! Point Arena 4 pm|Pler' 2
Rainier ! Seattle & UTRham -4 pm Pltr 10
£. Barbara.' Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2
Ptu N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Portland ... I Nome & St.Mlchael |
May 22. 1 I
G. W. Elder! Astoria & PortlandlU amSPler 24
May 23. I I
Centennial. • SeattL- & tacoma.. I 5 pmiPler 20
May 25. | |
I Sequoia • Willapa Harbor |J2 m|PIcr 20
j Hermonthls j Hamburg & way. .'I 2 pm|Pler ID
Senator j Puset Hound Ports. Ill amIPIer 9
May 26. j . j
Sonoma t Sydney fc Way Pts.l 2 pmiPier 7
TO SAIL.
! Round 2— O'Brien was right after
1 McCoy, but missed a left lead to the
face. They, rushed together and both
landed lefts. O'Brien slipped to his
knees, but was up in a second. O'Brien
again slfpped to the floor and as he
! canie up ' they clinched. O'Brien
missed a left and McCoy brought his
left to the head. O'Brien landed a left
to: the Kid's head and brought his
right over to the Jaw. McCoy landed
a right on O'Brien's stomach as the
men* came together. They fiddled a
minute and were clinched as the bell
rang. There was no damage done in
this round. The footwork of both men
was marvelous. "' »
* Round 3— McCoy tried a left but
missed, and O'Brien swung his right
to "the jaw as the men broke away.
They, clinched and McCoy forced
O'Brien's head back with the heel of
his glove and" was hissed. McCoy
landed on the wind with, right and
missed ' with a ; right a -. second later.
They rushed to a: clinch in McCoyte
corner. O'Brien, drove" his left^to Mc-
Coy's head and then they clinched.
They fiddled and O'Brien led^a light
PHILADELPHIA, May 14.— Kid Mc-
Coy and Jack O'Brien fought one of
the most scientific six-round bouts
'ever seen in this city to-night at the
Second Regiment Armory. At the close
of the bout-It would have been a diffi
cult task to pick the -winner. McCoy
had the better of the third and fourth
rounds, while O'Brien had the Kid ! in
trouble at the close of the fifth round
and also in the sixth. McCoy was vis
ibly in distress at the end of the sixth
round. He repeatedly ran away from
O'Brien and made no attempt to
counter when O'Brien led. There were
no marks on McCoy, while O'Brien's
left eye was bleeding. O'Brien's blows
lacked force, and this fact alone prob
ably saved McCoy from being knocked
out. O'Brien landed the greatest num
ber of blows, but McCoy's punches had
more steam behind them.
Both men were weighed in at' 3
o'clock in the afternoon. The beam was
placed at 1F.S pounds, and both were
well within the limit. Neither fighter
announced his weight.
• It was 10:30 o'clock when McCoy en
tered the ring. He was followed a
moment later by O'Brien. McCoy's sec
onds were his brother (Horn>r Selby),
Harry Foley, Charley Mitchell and
Billy Elmer. O'Brien's seconds were
Lew ' Bailey, Billy McCarney, Jim
Brady, Frank Strauss and Joe Reilly.
There were not over 2000 persons in
the big armory when the men entered
the ring.
Round 1— McCoy forced O'Brien
around the ring, but the latter drove
a left to the face and repeated it a
moment later with another. The men
came to a clinch'. O'Brien landed a
left on the face and a left on the
stomach. They rushed to a clinch. Mc-
Coy landed a light left on O'Brien's
stomach, and they clinched. They fid
dled for a second, and McCoy then
landed a left to the face. They again
rushed to a clinch. O'Brien crossed
McCoy with his right and then landed
a left and right to the face as the
gong sounded. O'Brien had done alj
the leading in this round,*but his blows
lacked force. '
"Kid" Is in Distress at the
End of a Great Six-Hound
Bout at the Quaker City
The form players are having their
troubles in trying: to select a winner
for the Billy Otts-Rube Smith fight of
to-morrow nisrht at the Reliance Club
in Oakland and the boys will probably
enter the ring at an even money basis.
Manager Arnold, who has been look
ing after Smith's interests, had an ar
gument yesterday afternoon which re
sulted in a S500 bet with Gua Hart
man, who favors the Californian. So
positive was Arnold that he was on
the right man that Hartman might
have received odds had he been less
vehement in support of Otts. Opinion
is equally divided on the subject of tho
possible winner, because so many
things enter Into the subject.
Otts hag never faced so large a man
before nor has he met a boxer with
the terrific punch that Smith pos
sesses. Smith has not put up hi3
hands asrainst as clever a man as Billy
since coming to California, but he has
done all that has been asked of him
and showed a decided aptltute for tak
ing care of himself all tho time. IC
the bout goes the limit it v/ill surprise
most of the knowing ones.
George Curran and Caesar Attel will
box ten rounds as a prelude to tho
main bout, while Tommy Taylor and
Jack Evans are to furnish tha four
round curtain raiser.
Denver Boxer's 3Ianager TVagera $500
That Ilia Man Will Defeat the
Clever Californian.
O'BRIEN HITS
M'COY OFTEN
RUBE SJIITII-OTTS BATTLE
IS ATTRACTING ATTEJNTION
Stolen bases— Toman <2). Bernard (2). Ross
(2) Chae* Errors — Graham. 1- lood. Ross.
Chase, Gray. Two-bane hits-Flood. Uernarrl
<2>. Sacrifice hits— Bottlger, Schmidt. First
base on errors — Oakland It. -Los A "* el * S w
Vlrst base on called balls— Off behmldt <., oft
Gray 2. I«eft en bases— Oakland 7, ixm Angeles
». Struck out— By Schmidt S. by oray .?. Hit
by pitcher-Flood. J. Streib. Double nlay*—
Chase to Toman to Chase; Toman to Hood to
Chr.se. Wild pitch-Gray. Tim» of {fame- Two
hours and five minutes. Umpire— McDonald.
SUMMARY
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS
j>, \p Bt le« 01101000 4—7
«a« hits..:... 0 1 l'O 2 1 1 0 p-|)
Oakland ...0 0 2 0 1 0 0 ft-^a
Base hits 1110 12 0 2 0-8
clean hits, though errors helped them
out in a couple of instances. Schmidt
struck out eight men, Gray falling a
victim to the German's curves four
times. Every time he fanned there were
men on the bags. The score:
Oakland— I Los Angeles—
A.B. R. II. P.A.I ; • A.B.-R. H. P.A.
Ganley.rf 5 0^0 0,Toman,es '1 1 0 4 h
Frank«,««-4 0 13 3, Flood. 2b. 4 1113
Kruirer.lf 4 Oil OAVhelr.Sb 5 I - 0 _
I>evrx.3b 4 0 11 3jBernrd.cf 5 0 - •> 1
Pchfly.2b 4 0 2 1 lCravth.rf i» 1 1 1 1
.T.Strh.lb 3 0 0 7 IRoss.lf.. 3 2 0 1 0
T.gtrb.lf 110 2 0 Chase.lb !} 0 1 1* 1
Bottlfcr.c 2 I 0 10 l|Spies.c. :! 0 2 3 1
Schrndtp 3 I 0 1 •-•Gray.p.. 4 0 0 0 5
Grahm.lf 2 0 1 1 0 ,^~T^To
Totals 30 1 9 2< 19
Totals 32 3 8 27 11
Round 6 — They fiddled a moment and
McCoy led with, a left, but fell short.
He tried a left and right again, but
missed. O'Brien got a left to McCoy's
stomach and they clinched. McCoy
missed. a left for the face, but sent his
left to the wind a second later. O'Brien
led with a left to the face, -but missed.
O'Brien shook McCoy with a left to the
face. The Kid countered with a light
lef V to the stomach. O'Brien drove a
hard left to the Kid's face. McCoy con
tinually held on and seemed to.be in
distress. O'Brien sent a left to the
face. McCoy ran away from a vicious
left, but O'Brien landed a light right
on the head as the round closed.
Round 3— McCoy missed a left lead
arid the men clinched. The Kid ducked
a vicious left and the men clinched.
The pace was beginning to tell on both
men. O'Brien landed a left to McCoy's
chin and he received another one in
the same place a moment later. The
Kid was smiling. McCoy missed a right
to the jaw and O'Brien landed a light
lef: on the head. They rushed to a
clinch. McCoy tried a right for the
stomach and missed. He tried a left
for the jaw a moment later, but missed.
They again clinched. Jack pushed a
left to the chin. He landed a right to
the wind a second later. They danced
around the ring and were sparring as
the gong sounded. 1
left to the face. O'Brien drove a hard
left to the face. O'Brien rushed into a
straight left and then they clinched.
As they broke away the gong sounded.
McCoy appeared to be the fresher of
the two..
Round 4 — They rushed together.
Both men were fighting hard. O'Brien
landed a left to the face and McCoy
a left to the stomach and a right to
the jaw. . McCoy landed a left to ths
face. O'Brien landed hard right and
left to the face and McCoy clinched.
McCoy missed with a left and
O'Brien rushed to a clinch. Mc-
Coy landed two hard lefts on
O'Brien's wind and the Philadelphian
lost feome of his steam. O'Brien
missed another left and McCoy landed
his left full in the face. O'Brien was
tired from his exertions. They fiddled
a moment and then rushed to a clinch.
McCoy led with the left, but fell short
and the men rushed to a" clinch as the
Kong- sounded. This was McCoy's
round.
> QUEENSTOWN— SaJIed stmr Arabic, from
Liverpool for New York/
HONGKONG — Arrived , previous May 14—
Stmr Lothian, frpm Portland. Or., via Yoko
hama. l Hii4rtMX
SHANGHAI— Arrived previous May 14^
Btmr Tottenham, from Tacoma, via Muroran.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 14— Stmr Lu.
cania. from New York.
Sailed May 14— Stmrs Victorian and Etru
ria for New York.
LONDON— Sailed May 14 — Stmr Mesaba for
New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 14— Stmr Phil
adelphia, from Southampton; stmr Furnessla
from Glasgow.
Sailed May 14— Stmr St. Paul, for Plymouth
stmr Neckar, for Bremen; «tmr Kroonland'
for Glasgow: stmr " Minnehaha, for London-
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 14— Stmr Bluch
er. from Hamburg, for New York; stmr St
Louis, from Southampton, for New. York. "
Arrived May 14— Stmr Moltke, from New
York.
CHRISTIANIA— Arrived May 14— Stmr
Island, from New York. Slm 5.
HAMBURG— Arrived , May 14— Stmr Graf
Waldersee. from New York.
¦ ANTWERP— Sailed stmr Finland, for New
Sailed May 14— Stmr fit
Louis, for New York. , .
NAPLF.S — Sailed May '. 12 — Btmr Sicilian
Prince, for New York,
HAVRE— Sailed May 14-^-Stmr La Savoie
for Kew York. ;: . '
CALETA BUEN A— Arrived May II— Dutch
ehlp Nedc-rlaml, from Port Los Angeles.
IPSWICH— Arrived May 11— Fr bark Jane
Guillen, hence Dee 27.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 13— Br ship
Ilowth, hence Oct 12. ;
WALMER— Paesed May 11— Ger ship Ber
tha,, from Rotterdam, for Port Townsend.
TENERIFFE— Sailed Apr 20 — Ger stmr
Totmes for San ¦ Francisco.
KOBE— Arrived May 14— Stmr Stanley Dol
lar, from Victoria, B C.
CALLAO — Arrived May 11— Br chip Nile,
from Tacorra.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior May It— Br
e-tmr' I-othlan, from Astoria.
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior May 14— Br stmr
Tottenham, from Tacoma.
SWANSEA— Sailed May 13— Br ship Scot
tish Moors, for San Francisco.
NANAIMO — Sailed May 13 — Nor stmr Ti
tanla. for : San Francisco.
.NAGASAKI— Arrived May 14— U S stmr Dlx,
from Manila.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed up
May 13 — Slrar Oregonian, from Honolulu, for
Philadelphia. . .
MANILA — Arrived May 13 — Schr Okanogan,
from Port Ludlow. May 14 — Ship James
Drummond. from Seattle.
Arrived May 13 — Schr Commerce, from As
toria.
{•'ailed May 14 — U,S stmr Logan, for San
Francisco, via Naea£akl.
HONOLULU — Arrived May 14— U S stmr
Tacoma, from Tacoma; bktn W. H. Dimond,
nence A or 30.
ELEELE— Arrived May 14— Ship Henry VII
lard. from Honolulu, to load for New York. ',
HILO— Sailed May 14— Bark Roderick Dhu,
for Szn Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived May 14 — "V S stmrs
Wyoming, Paul Jones and Preble, from Pan
ama.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 14— Bktn . Encore,
for Sidney. \
BAN DON— Arrived May 14— Schr Advance,
hence Ai>r 30.
PORTLAND — Sailed May 14^ — Stmr DIspatcTi,
for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
SIUSL,AW RIVEH — Arrived oft May 13—
Schr Oakland, hence May 9; schr Sacramento,
hence May I*, both !n tow tug Dauntleea.
TACOMA— Sailed May It— Br stmr Xing
Chow, for China.
REDON'TX)— Sailed May 14— Schr W. F.
Jowett. for Colombia River; stmr Iaqua, for
San Pedro and t^an Francisco.
Arrived May 14 — Schr W. J. Patterson, from
Grays Harbor.
ASTORIA— Sailed May U— Stmr Nome City,
for Han Franclcco.
Arrived May 14— Stmr George "W. Elder,
from San Fr.inci»co.
Palled May 14— Stmr Nome City, for San
Francl»co.
POINT REYES— Passed May 14. 8:20 a m—
Stmr Pasadena, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Pasped May 1.1— Br bark Pass
of l>eny. from F'anama. for Port Townscnd.
Passed out May 14 — Nor Ktmr Tltania, from
Nanalmo, for Ran Francisco.
Passed out May U— Br stmr King Chonr,
for China.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 13— Ger stmr Her
monthls, for Hamburg; btmr bertha, for Val
dez.
Arrived Bark Coryphene, hence May 2.
nELLINGHAM- Arrived May 14— Ger etmr
Hermonthls, from Seattle.
El'UKKA— Arrived May 14— Stmr San Ga
briel, from Umpqua, for San Pedro; etmr
Premiss, hence May 12; nchr Onward, hence
May 1: stmr Spokane. h<*nc* May IS.
Arrived May 14— Stmr George W. Elder,
lience Mav 12.
PORT TOWNSENT> — Pass»d in May 14—
Bark Coryi'hene, hence Apr 22. for Seattle.
Arrived May 14 — Br bark Pans of. Leny,
from Panama.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
May S— In lat 47 N. long 8 W, Fr fhlp Cril
lon. from Antwerp, for Oregon.
SPOKEN
POINT LOBOf?. May 14. 10 p. m.— Weather
baiy; wind NW, velocity 22 miles per hour.
TKLEGltAPHIC.
Ftmr San Pedro. Rasmussen. Eureka,
Stmr Jeanie, Downing. Seattle,
fitmr Arfo. Dunham. F>1 niver.
Stmr cJ^orge I-oomia. Badger, Ventura.
Stmr Aurelia. Erlckson. Astoria.
Ptnr Point Arena. Mlll«r. Point Arena-
Hark Kaitilana. Colly Honolulu. ,
Schr Jennie Griffln. Gibtion, Bolinaa.
Stsamer. From. 1 Due.
/. S. Higglns.* Port I-^s Angeles IMay 15
Coror.ado ! San Pedro [May 15
Rainier 1 S-ntUe & Belllngham. . . :May 15
Portland Seattle !May IS
North Fork.. ! Humboldt IMay li»
Mlneola ; Tacoma |May 16
R. Dollar } Pan Pedro (May 1«
State of Cal.. ! San Diego & Way Ports May 1«
fmatllla j Huget tound Torts May 16
Sonoma : Fyduey & Way Ports. May 11
Peru Xe« York vl* Panama. IMay 16
Eureka | Humboldt (May lfi
Arctic ¦ Humboldt .! IMay 16
Nome City... j Portland «: Astoria !May 16
Artzor.an j NVw York..* |May It"
Wellington.... Oyster Harbor (May 17
S. Barbara... 1 Beftttlc & Olympla |May 17
ffraria j Hamburis ic Way Pts.iMay 17
Porno I Point Arena & Alblcn. .IMay 17
Epckane j Humbo'.dt IMay 17
Titanla | Naniimu IMay 17
taqua i F« n Pedro I May IS
Han Juan : New York via Panama. May 18
Centennial...! Seattle & Tacoma (May 18
Alliance j Portland & Way Ports.lMay 16
Czarina 1 Coos Hay 'May l!»
Argo I 1>1 TUvcr Ports 'May 19
». W. Elder.. Portland & Antoria |May 10
Arcata Coo« Bay & Pt Orford.|May 19
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt Arena. May \'J
Santa Koia.. Fan Diego & Way Pts..|May la
Ontraila Orays Harbor {May 18
I'hKxi 1 Portland & Astoria IMay 20
Pomona. j HumVxjIdt (May 20
Bonlta I Newport & Way Ports. [May 2<>
Marlposa 1 Tahiti iMay 21
Hermonthls.. j Prattle IMay 21
Senator j Puget Pound Ports IMay 21
G. Ltndauer..| »Jray» Harbor.. IMay 22
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului. . JMay 23
PantaCruz... San Pedro & Way Pts.. May 24
J«-«rle I SrattlP & Tacoma May 24
Matters of IntciY»st to Mariners and
' * Shipping Merchants.
The. British bark lvanhoe (on Puget Sound)
i«-rhert#<r?d for lumber thenc-c to a direct ni
trate port at 3t»s ML
The p'-hoonr-r Alolia returns to Honolulu with
jeneral cargo.
«
l.xiHUt.s for Ifoiioluhi
The bark Kaiulani was «->ared yesterday for
Jlonolula with an assorted nirrchanJisc cargo.
valuM at $29.0X5 and Including, the follow Ihr:
VW bb!s flour, i'lTui crl? barky 105 l.al?s
Vay. J01 (flF'oatx. lti:j ctls corn. r,.V) lbs 14 cs=
11.1*42 lbs bean*. *»4 ( > H>s bran. 7 <-tls
•^heat. II.kki Ib* t>r*>it<i. 'jstel pals 'ZZ, «-s v. in*.
»5 cai-k* bf^r, 21 <~*< liquors. 13 ea candv 4'M>
pt'.j vlnecar. 1S.7<«4 lbs lard. 2!> tikgs gnf
r^rifs and provisions. I'i.T, <-n assorlf'1 rann»<)
fc"»d)> 50 Lbls 25 half bbla i>l'*kl*<l calmon. -"><•
pk(t» paste. 20 tons pi)? Iron. 200 kfgs powd'-r.
f»4,'.<yi Ijrlrks. 112 hcK*. 2 hfad rattle. .1 pkK*
machinerj'. 4SS5 lbs s«>i!a. SO hal«=!= oakum. 2010
•k. rauTVlnc Irad. KB bxs 15 roil*
•>ath». r. l»"o lbs tobacco. 10 pkgF dr>- pr>o<ls t i'»
¦l.i»lirs nails. !<«<• bx» «-and!ei». 25 cs matche«_ r»O
'¦oil* harb^d wirr. T<»() c-oilf ro;>e, 31 'ikgs .-eff
iTig '.:.l.' ¦.:.' <-. S3 1 ti." pailiu; and oil?.
Sun. 310011 and Tid(
unite<3 BUtea Ccast and Geodetic Survey—
Tim* and Height cf Hluli and Low Waters
at fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Hay.- Publifh»d by official authority oj
the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
lfc« city front < Mission-street wharf) about 2j
minute* later than at Fort Pcint; the height
.cf tide is the rarr.e et buth places.
_ _ SUNDAY. MAT IS. _
Sun rises 4:50
fiun set* 7:12
Moon (ntw) »et* 0:<X> f. m.
c :i7vvT~ iifrvp |l wi |ft \pj
% iTimel [Tlroel jTiine! ITime
* 1 ! ru j 1 Ft. j 1 Ft. ! ! Ft.
J5 I 5:2<>i— 0.312:21! 4.6' RKKi! 2~5TlI :10' '5.6
lfl I 6:0a!— <»..'»! 1:10) 4.6] 5:47 2.7iU:48 5.7
17 | «:«S:— O.C! 1:871 4.C! «:32| 2.9! j
• H w IT. vi h wj jr. wi
1R 0:36; S.6I 7::;::| «.€! 2:4T 4.7/ 7:27! 3.0
l» I 1:20 «.4l s^i|—<>.4j r.-.::s\ 4^7 1 8:29] 21
fO I 2:l*i| fi.l! «:!«,— O.l! 4::«>] 4.7! '.t:42: ?, 1
t!l J 3:22! 4.K;H»:12' 0.2; 5:121 4.«j;il:00| 2.7
.NOTE — In the above exroMtion of the tides
ttrt early moralnt; tides ere given In the Itft
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
The schooner Charles E. Falk, which
arrived yesterday, sixty-two hours
from llueneme, in totv of the steam
schooner Santa Monica, narrowly es- j
caped destruction May 1 at Redondo.
where she was lying when that open
-roadstead was made the target for the ;
concentrated fury of a howling north- j
wester. So suddenly did the storm de
¦ vtlop that the Falk had no oppor
tunity to seek the safety of the open
sra. Hammered by the waves and
flung hard and often against the pier
to which she was moored the Falk's
.strength of timber was given a test
tliat few craft could Burylve. When
the gale moderated and Captain Hen-*
. ij«ngsen had crpportunity to count the
cost, it was found the starboard an
chor and chain had been lost: the yawl ]
'crushed; rudder gone and the schoon
er's starboard side badly chafed.
The Santa Monica towed the dis
abled schooner from Hueneme, making
the trip in sixty-two hours. The Falk
will be repaired at this port.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamer*.
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time coiumn gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
tometlmfg occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings pf the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
61KU precedes the heljcht. and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the chart*. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
SCHOONER CHARLES K. FALK. DAMAGED
AT REDONDO. BEING TOWED INTO
PORT BY THE SANTA MONICA.
Los Angeles would probably never
have made a run if young Boettiger
could throw the ball to second base.
The Angels kept stealing on him all
day long, and pilfered in all eight bags.
Aside from Graham's error the com
muters fielded like champions and
batted well. Los Angeles was lucky in
getting out of several bad holes on
close decisions.
Schmidt was pretty wild at times, and
three of his bases on balls turned Into
runs in the early stages of the game.
Oakland made most of its runs on good,
A man may be a hero one day on a
ball field, and when he shows up a few
days later he's a dead -one. This was
clearly set forth yesterday at Recrea
tion Park in the case of one Oscar Gra
ham, the man who won fame and glory
by breaking up a certain fourteen
round struggle recently. The same Os
car brought down the wrath of the
populace on his head yesterday after
noon when he dropped Wheeler's* fly
in the ninth Inning and started the An
gels on a route to victory. Score, 7 to 3.
Up to that time it was a grand game
of ball. The score was three up, and
both teams were going the limit. Toman
was the first man up in the ninth, and
he successfully worked Schmidt for a
base on balls. He lost no time stealing
second. Flood sacrificed, and then
Wheeler popped up his fly to short left
and Mr. Graham did the ignoble act of
dropping the ball.
Toman arrived, and then the slaugh
ter commenced in real earnest. Bernard
came through with a double to center,
bringing in Wheeler. Cravath manipu
lated a "Texas leaguer" to right and
got to second, as well as placing Ber
nard on third. Bernard was forced by
Ross. He stole, and arrived with Cra
vath when Chase shoved a hot one past
Francks.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Tacoma 27 17 ,614 Seattle 23 18 .501
Oakland 20 18 .5'J1 San Fran. ..10 20 .422
Los Angeles. 26 20 .6W Portland ....10 32 .233
Contest Is Close and Inter
esting Till Fatal Misplay
Occurs in the Final Bound
IM3NS FOLLOW THE MtfFF
Man Who Won Memorable
Game Throws One Away
by Dropping a Fly
Charles E. Falk Arrives in Tow of Steamer Santa
.*; • Monica, to Have Repaired Damage Sustained
at Redondo During Recent Heavy Northwester
GRAHAM'S ERROR
STARTS RALLY
SCHOONER HAS NARROW
ESCAPE FROM SHIPWRECK
»1- '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MAY 15, 190?.
37
/% DON'T ALLOW ALL'THE
if; J FRESH YOUNG STRENGTH
C -Ff "r. TO GO OUT OF Y OUR LIFE,
J\^- ; Come to IV\& eundL Be Cured!
/**~^ " "S, I- want to talk to men who have pains and acjies, who feel run down physically,
f 5a x . %. who realize that the old "fire" and energy which was so evident in youth is absent
s now; men who can't stand the amount of exertion they could years ago. I want
A S. you — if that means you— to see what I have done for others who were just as bad off.
•'-'•¦%' That's my introduction. If a friend in whom you had confidence presented some one
' -jii&Si •'•- " \ to y° u an<^ sa^» "Jack, here's Brown; he has made good with me, and I trust him,"
,' . \ wouldn't you trust him,, too? If you will tell me where you are I will give you the
\ V <^?^^^^^^^^w^\^k name °f a man i n your own town whom I have cured. I have cures everywhere.
vJlii 1 * I Will Pay $.1000 Forfeit!
s -;&^ >^^^^Tv%^Mi" ' For a case of Nervous Debility, • Varicocele, Rheumatism, Lame Back, Lumbago, Sci-
S^-Mfcr^. ¦^^^^^^^^^l^s atica, any case of Kidney Disease that has not gone as far as Bright's Disease; Indi-
-'"fflSSfl^^^Ft^^^^'^-^ gestion, Constipation or any Weakness which I cannot cure with my new improved
: ''a\ Electric Belt, the marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has
™\V /Y/Txv* : v ' ever been introduced. This Belt is complete with Free Electrical Suspensory.
This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct and cures all weakness of men, varicocele, etc. It develops and expands
all weak nerves and checks a loss of vitality. No case of Failing Vigor, Varicocele or Debility can resist this powerful Electric
Attachment/ It never fails to cure.
Mr. E. F. Lqhman, Hooker, Cal., writes, March 11: "The feeling of despondency is gone and I have perfect confidence In myself now. I'm a well man."
No man should be weak, no man should suffer the loss of that vitality which renders life worth living. No man should allow
himself to become less a man than nature intended him, no man should suffer when there is at hand a certain cure for his weak-
ness. . f .'•
Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart, brain and nerves, from which men suffer, are due to an early loss
of nature's reserve power. You/need not suffer for this. You can be restored. The'very element which you have lost you can get
back, and you may be as happy as any man that lives.
My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory, will restore your power. It will check all loss of vital ppwer and affects
every organ of the body.
Mr. W. F. Quite, Reno, Nev.. writes, March 10: "Your Belt cured me after I had spent $1000 in useless doctorln*;. M
I have cured thousands of men who have squandered the savings of years in useless doctoring.
My Belt is easy to use; put it on when you go to bed; you feel the glowing heat from it (no sting or burn, as in old style
belts), and you feel the nerves tingle with the new life flowing into them. You get up in the morning feeling like a two-year-old.
An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and young as he did at 35. That shows it renews the vigor of youth. It cures Rheu-
matism, Sciatic Pains, Lumbago, Kidney Trouble. Banishes pain in a night, never to return.
Mr. A. C. Hammond. 330 Pine street. San Francisco, says, March 20: "At the age of 75 your Belt has cured me of general weakness and kidney trouble.**
What ails you? Write and tell me, and no matter where you are I think I can. give you the address of some one in your town that I have
cured. I've cured thousands, and every man of them is a walking advertisement for my Belt.
Every man who.uses my Belt gets the advice and counsel of a physician free. I give you all that any medical man can give, and a lot that
he can't.
rpCC Dnni/ Try my belt- Write me to-day for my beautiful illustrated book, with cuts showing how my Belt is applied, full of good
rrvLt/ DUU1\ reading matter for men who want to be "The Noblest Work of God" — A MAN. Inclose this ad- and I will send this book,
CALL TO-DAY — If you can, call and see me and I will show you how you can be cured and give you a free test of my Belt. COXSUL-
TATION FREE.
DR. M. C. MCLAUGHLIN, 906 Market St, fl E b .f.s e San Francisco
Office Soars: 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Seattle Office, 105 Columbia St. Lot Ang-eles, 129 South Spring 1 Street. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AND WAGON COLUMN.
. If ' you wish 1 . to buy ' or trade
horses or* \vncons' our advertis-
ers will' meet your wants.
Bargains in to-day's 1IORSE*
ADVEKTISEJS1ENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
VIGOR oi YOUTH
FREE TO
FOR S* """N. MEN
UfiriH f . ,*»wc\ To prove the
V? £ Af\ /ncYTI O*^* \ '"" ;rv eI ° u ¦
MFBtl/"'*' fcf I curative
C^JnE I IJLjLri -•# ¦ J ' powers of our
• • />#79OvV I* ir *.l«*^Uf most nrnark-
/Vf^^NVvCTREr'U I «y able h 0 in r
: (fiO^-Il^ff; m^\ treatment. >ou
«•, 3CT.P tr'W \JXj^S^ proval. It. will
!>«yf L. f I £ f V>\ V rtrer.frth and
*^rff — $ ffl'TTtJsX'''? By atmos-
I rf raJSSifX phPrlc v r p r-
, I ¦¦ ' j I JtCSl&f-'^'Jf mrr: It ox-
o5K •S^^SsS?5a I-and* the
~^*» |j3^- w "" **~ organs and Is
the only
. fcnoTi-rf poientlfle metxis which will positively
rnlmrgt and fully develop thftn. l,"»eij with our
J.ocal Absorbing Btimulatingr Tonic, Germlcldal.
' \leai\nz. Medicated Urethra! Cmyon« always
quickly cures where all else falls. Gleet, all
Drains, Losses. Varicocele, Stricture. I»rema-
tttreness Enlarrement of Prostate Gland, etc.
• A safe, simple home cure. NEVEH FAILS.
Dr. Llewellyn on* of our staff of physlclano.
.lias discovered a marvelous remedy which will
Kive action and produce results in S minutes.
Applied loraily only. Works like made Don't
fall to call on us for demonstration or write
for new Illustrated book. No. «, sent securely
fcealed, free. Hours, 9 to 8; Sundays. 10 to 1.
': HEALTH APPLIANCECO., I O'FarreUSt.
t fiK- "UNION" GAS ENGINES
Illlllllir UNION GAS ENGINE CO,
t h. : .'..¦.£>?£fS$:£,.. 247 First St.. San Francisco, Cal. -Mont-.ll»y 14.— Robert lUntoul
has rusicned &s general manager of the .Mon
tana Central Railroad, his resignation to take
effect May 15. He will return to St. Paul to
etucase in other business.
: Postmaster. Pisk: is .taking much In
terest . in , his r new postofflce, \ Station
36, which will be opened next Tuesday
in: the. Mills building. It will' be In
the courtyard .'of the ground , floor,
easily j'aC9eBslble ,to "the. occupants. \of
the building and ; the business men In
the vicinity and will be fitted with -all
the apparatus necessary .for a registry
and) ; postalj money^'order ; business.
R*oger Reynolds^ has been appointed
superintendent and^Rhelnhold Kau
fess assistant superintendent/
New Postal Station Ready.
SAN JOSE, May 14.— Both political
factions. of the. city, have closed their
campaigns and are ready for tfie battle
at the polls on Monday. The Worswick
party closed lte campaign with a large
mass-meeting at the'' Garden Theater
last .evening, -and to-night Senator
Bhortridge made the last speech for the
ticket headed by Shumate: ;Both sides
are confident of victory. The Wors
wick followers are \ m claiming the. elec
tion by 1000. majority, -while John-Di
Mackenzie, who is managing the fight
of Shumate,- claims "that .Ills candidate'
will wih-.by 600 majority. ".; -. : .;
" Voting machines are , to be used for
first time, by the city of San ! Jose,
and' the iiurloslty of the voters tp work
them may bring; forth a large vote. s v *
"The two tickets before ; the people are
as follows: . I ',. '•. .; ¦ .-[ ;
Citizens' ticket — Mayor, George D.
Worswick; Clerk, Joseph: A. Belloli'Jr.;
Treasurer, *H. D., Mathews; Council
man, Second Ward/ John ', F. - Carey;
Councilman, Third Ward, Wesley -L.
Pieper. '/ .'
People's "¦ ticket— Mayor, ' A. E. Shu
mate; Clerk, Roy, E." Walter; Treasurer;
Joseph A. LotzJ,' Councilman, Second
Ward/ H. W. Otter; Councilman, .Third
Ward. D. J. McGinley. t ' ' ' *
. "Al "P. ¦ Murgotteh : is ' an independent
candidate for Treasurer. ' - '• \-.:. " — ¦
Large Vote Is Expected at the Elec
tion in San Jose' on Monday.
BOTII SIDES CONFIDENT.
thirty-first »annual picnic and ex
cursion of St. Patrick's Mutual Alli
ance Association . pt California has
completed arrangements for the out
ing to be held 'on- Sunday, 'May 22, at
El Campo.
Gate and jgaiine prizes have been
prbvlded in abundance. Irish sports
and dances will be features of the oc
casion and valuable trophies have been
provided for those who' "excel In the
games of the old land. The s associa 1 
tion will tender a complimentary
social . and dance '. , next Wednesday
evening at Knights of Red Branch
Hall, 1133 Mission street The follow
ing are in charge of the affair: J. P.
Hare (chairman), T< E. Gibbons (sec
retary); T. F. Alford, J> L. Kelly, Ed
Flynn, P. J. Boylan,-B3.*J. Finn. "
The; committee in charge of . the
Mutual Alliance Picnic.
A dog was seen In the streets of
Paris the other day riding on a motor
car wearing a pair of chauffeur's gog
gles to protect his eyes from the dust
and wind.
Pauline Hall Wins Divorce Salt.
NEW YORK, May 14.-Paullne Hall,
formerly a Casino favorite, but now on
the vaudeville stage, has received a de
cision in her favor from James O. Tor
rence, as referee. In her suit for divorce
against George B. Me Leila n. The ref
eree Reports that she is entitled to. the
custody of the 7-year-old child Pauline.
Captain \V. S. Cowles of the new
battleship Missouri was talking the
other day of the inferiority of Euro
pean to American railroads.
"The stuffy, little European car
riages are lighted with electricity
now," he said, "but I remember when
they were only lighted with oiL I
have cause to remember this.
tt #3ne night in Germany, during a
violent storm, I was riding toward
Berlin in a first-class carriage when a
leak began. Drop after drop, warm
«.nd dirty, fell upon my hat and coat.
"I waited till a guard came through.
It was a long wait. One is always
undergoing long waits for guards on
European roads.
" 'Look here, guard,' I said at last,
the rain is coming through the lamp
bole and trickling down my clothes.'
"The guard made an Investigation.
Then he said reassuringly:
" *Oh. that is not rain. It's only
»11.' "
Sprinkle Travelers With Oil.
WASHINGTON, May 14.— The long
promised investigation of Chinese con
sulates has begun In earnest , Assistant
Secretary, of State Pierce has been in
China for several months looking into
many standing complaints against the
conduct of consular business in that
pert of the world. He was last heard
from at Shanghai, but he has not ad
vertised his movements in advance and
It Is not known at which consulate he
wfll next appear. >
Charges Made Against Offices
in China.
Government Official Investigating
STUDYING CONDITIONS
OF CONSULAR SERVICE
The alumni of the College of Physi
cians and Surgeons gave a banquet
last night at a downtown restaurant
in honor of the graduating class in
pharmacy. Speeches were made, songs
were sung and a general good time
prevailed. •
Those who haye successfully passed
the examination in pharmacy and who
will receive their degrees" at the com
mencement exercises at the University
of California are: John Henry Cour
neen, A.. B., San Francisco; Harry
Devening, Middletown; Grace Eddy,
Forbestown; Eugene Columbus Far
mer, Santa Rosa; George Walter Finch,
Covina; Ruby Devoto Fisher. Temple
ton; Irwln Philip Flatow, San
Francisco; Chester Lyall Foutz, Vlsa
lia; Joseph Garibaldi,- Volcano; Benja
min Franklin Moore, San « Francisco;
Ethel Elizabeth Nelsen, Mendocino;
Burritt R. Nichols, San Luis Obispo;
Rayrrfond Lawson Pond, Berkeley;
Toney Prior, San Francisco; Clarence
Qullty, San Jose; Claire Rasor, Wil
lows; Clarissa May Roehr, San Jose;
Ralph Ilarrod Rogers, Berkeley; Ed
gar Lyle Scott, Brown wood, Tex.; Em
ory Walter v Theircof, , Los Banos;
Brandon Earl Weaver, San Jose; Har
ry Arthur 'Wessel, Templeton; Moses
H. Whitacre," Bishop.
Large 'Class in Pharmacy Passes
Examination nnd Alumni of Col
lege Gives Banquet.
While hundreds of pedestrians were
traversing Seventh street, between
Market and Stevenson, yesterday aft
ernoon Joseph Swass, who claims Oak
land as his home, became violently in
sane and discharged six bullets at the
throng. The most intense excitement
prevailed, and it required three police
officers to subdue; the man and convey
him to the insane ward at the Receiv
ing Hospital. Mrs. Rose Griswald of
1412 Mission street, at whom Swass ap
parently fired, imagined she had been
struck by a bullet and fell' in a faint.
She became hysterical and required the
attention of a physician for several
hours before she recovered from the
shock.
Fires Six Times on » Crowded
. Thoroughfare.
Joseph Swass In a Spasm of Insanity
STUDENTS AUTHORIZED
TO DISPENSE MEDICINES
MADMAN'S SHOOTING CAUSES
SCARE ON 3IARKET STREET
A report from the international com
mittee was then read recommending
that the committee be permitted to con
tinue its army, navy and other work,
that international convention be held
in 1907 and that the membership of the
committee -be increased to fifty-four. I
BUFFALO, May 14.— In the interna
tional Y. M. C. A. convention to-day
invitations for the next convention
were received from Portland (Or.), San
Francisco, Denver, Washington and
Memphis. They 'were referred to the
International committee.
Held In 1907.
Report of International Committee
Recommends That Meeting Be
MANY CITIES WANT
Y. M. C. A. CO?TV T ENTION
Jacob Steppacher, who has been com
piling the official list of the 734.. dele
gates to the State contention, said this
evening that he hoped to have. It in
shape to give out to-morrow evening.
SACRAMENTO; .May 14.— The com
mittee of citizens having In charge the
arrangements for the convention of the
State League of Republican Clubs and
for the Republican State Convention,
both of which are to^be held here next
week, have completed their- work with
signal success. Delegates to the league
convention, which opens on Monday,
are arriving and it is expected that by
Monday noon, every Assembly District
in the State will be represented by ac
tive party workers.
The general headquarters for both
conventions will be the parlors of the
Golden Eagle Hotel.. . .The delegates
will be received In the Senate chamber
of the Capitol.
Sacramento Completes Arrangements
for Reception of Republicans.
READY FOR CONVENTION.
ocrats met here to-day and passed
resolutlo/is .denouncing the action of
the County .Cejntral Committee in ap
pointing delegates. The resolutions
also Indorse Hearst. f
tTni ted. •^Republican; League, Thirty
eighth Assembly District— Honl Edward
i. Wolfe, j. C. B. Hebbard, I. Goldman,
Thurlow Miller, "M. D.i Max'Gbldberg,
D. Al. Ryan; W. H. Rickard, .MUes
Mclntosh, A. A. Frledlander, Ira ,B.
Dalziel, Charles. M. T J Fickert, •.; Isidore
Golden, Myrtle Cerf, Edward Hi'Aigel
tinger. Joseph Mann, John T. Nourse,
E. -P. Barrett,: A. A. Van der Naiilen
Jr., r Frank Cremer, A. Well, >A., G.
Hagendorn, D. B. Faktor,. Julius :Sam>
uels, Frank Grimes, Charles E.-GIlman,
George L._.QpuId. John B. Carson, J).
W. Burchard, Sam H. Beckett/ William
H. .Bemls, George. ; L. Sharp, William
Gan"s,/Fred Vaughn, . Jobrr J. Conlon,
Peter Neilsen, \ fil. Goldtree, James
Geddes, A. M. Currie and M. Friedman;
J. L'SteDhen, . president; Charles. .C.
Morris, secretary.
.Harbor .Republican- Club — Phil T.
Browne. C^-H. Pratt, J. Bardelllnl, M.
E. Arrierich, .'Harry/ Mi Grossmann, E.
R. Willianer,.H. C. Padilla, W. .E.
Bradford, Charles J. "Kelly.* Ben,Fehne
mann, Frank Browell, W. _R. King,
Lawrence. J. Conlon, Harry Peterson,
Thomas "Gosland, Augustus Hill, George
B. M. Hommell, Fred Rassmusen,- Gus
Rassmusen, H. Brbdie;". Frank Browell,
secretary.
Regular Republican Club, Forty-first
District— George Stone, 'J. C Currier,
Fred ¦ Smlthsan, H. G. ,.W f DInkelsplel,
George W. Walker, Thomas W. Collins,
Ell J. Wilkmson, Eugene Sullivan;
Daniel M^artland, Arthur Brand,
Leon Dennery, P. W. Anderson, Charles
C. HJggins; A.'K. Daggett, president;
.Lewis U. Hoin,- secretary; Henry- C.
Dibble, treasurer., j". '. . ';
Regular. RepubUcan Club, fortieth
District— H. A. Bauer, Leo'H. : Susman,
William Wilkinson, Henry Thompson,
Samuel Dannenbaum,' L. M." Olds; John
D.Shroder, Edward Harris, Joseph My
rlck, Walter H. Robinson, E. Bernhelm,
John H. Davis, R. W. Dwyer; A. : V.
Cross, president; A. N. Jackson, secre
tary.. \ ' ' ' ' ,'- '-.:'' ,¦ . .. : r '.- ,•
,The .following: delegates, from San
Francispo tcr.the f our th ; tyennj&l> con
vention of . the State League of-Repub
lican Clubs have been' chosen : '
Delegates Elected to the Biennial Con
vention of- Party Clubs.
READY FOR THE CAMPAIGN.
but he evidently was "getting a line
up." •=' . . .^. . ~, '... ... ....,;
Want Part of School liot.
The Fire Commissioners, yesterday
requested the Board of Supervisors to
transfer to the Fire Department a por
tion of the unoccupied school lot on
Kentucky" and Twentieth streets in or
der to allow the house of Engine Com
pany 16 to be moved thereto from Its
present location on Tennessee street,
which is almost Impassable.
Continued. From Pag© 35,- Column. 2.
-Changes of fourth-class postmasters
— Washington— Peone, Spokane Coun
ty, Anna Zimmerman, vice Poly -T-.
Scribner, resigned; West Seattle, King
County, George M. Kuhn, vice A. M.
Green, resigned, . . \ \
WASHINGTON, 7.1ay 14. — Orders of
the War Department: Major C. E^ Gil
lette is relieved of duty in the Second
Battalion of Engineers. and will pro
ceed to San Francisco to report to the
commanding general of the Pacific di
vision for duty as engineer officer of
that division to relieve Lieutenant Col
onel Thomas H. Handbury.
Postal Cliances Are Made and War
Orders Issued by Washington
Department. . • • : .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPL.E
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
PROPOSE TO FIEHT.
neglected her household duties and
cpent most of her time riding back
and forth on Parsons* car. When she
was not riding with him, they aver,
Bhe : was standing at the window
waiting for his car to pass. They ex
preps the belief that she is being
sheltered by Parsons and that neither
•of them has left the city.
' In support' of their belief that she
has not committed suicide they state
that when she left her home she took
with her a gold watch and chain, a
small sum of money from her baby's
Bivtngs bank and an extra shirt, for the
use of which there would have been
no need had she wished to commit
suicide. Strinkorb married his wife
four years ago in Kansas and said
that as far as he knew she was en
.tirely patisfied with her lot. He is
prostrated by her desertion, but is
firm in his expressed, intention that
she can never come back to him: The
pretty little boy whom his mother de
serted plays around the floor of the
broken home without a realization of
the tragedy that has come into his
young fe. The Strinkorb brothers
•conduct a beer bottling establishment
at 3S36 Sacramento street. "Pearl,"
mentioned in Mrs. Strinkorb's letter,
is one of her sisters, r— iding in Santa
Ana.
Parsons was found on his car at a
late hour last night, but refused to
Bar whether or not he prevailed upon
the woman to leave her home. He
.said he knew her and at the proper
time would be willing to talk, but at
. present he preferred to keep silent-
Continued From Page 35, Column 6.
WOMAN THREATENS SUICIDE,
"Thank God .this convention has
shown In a two days' session that its
1500 delegates are not to be influe.«»u
by banners and huzzahs."
This Is a life and death struggle bi
tween two great factions in C>ok
County, headed, respectively, by Con
gressman, Lorimer and States Attor
ney. Charles Deneen, with the country
delegates holding 'the whip hand, but
so jealous and loyal, to the interests of
their favorite sons that they will not
combine to exert their' powers. •
Yates, 483 4-5; Lowden,. 398; Deneen,
375; Hamlin, 135 4-5; Warner,. 36 4-5;
Sherman, 4.9, and Pierce, 2L ''¦' "
• The scenes attending the convention
were similar to those of the- previous
day and the demonstrations in favor
of the various candidates were calcu
lated to sweep-'u less deliberate gath
ering from its feet, but with «very. out
burst the . determination . among the
delegates to resist anything in the way
of a stampede became more pronounc
ed. Chairman Cannon, In 1 begging the
shouters to desist remarked: \-
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. May 14.— After
another day of. fruitless balloting, the
Republican State convention took an
adjournment at 7:55 p. m. until 2
9'clock Tkjonday; afternoon, without hav
ing broken* the gubernatorial deadlock.
To-night the party leaders are in con
ference, attempting .to bring about a
solution of the situation, but they ap
pear powerless, to da bo. • The dels
gates to. the convention nave taken
things into their own hands and .with
practical unanimity^ they decline to be
delivered by the . men at the head of
the organization. The' last ballot . re-
Eulted:
"Within the last ten days she was out
buggy riding at a cost of $10 because I
chanced to be out of town on business.
I will say that my salary has never
permitted me to spend money in the
same reckless way. I have always tried
to do right. The annoyance and cha
grin of the sensational charge made by
her in a fit of temper must be my ex
cuse for not seeing some of the people
interested in my accounts.
"As far' as my family is concerned, I
know they are not hungry or in want
of a place to sleep. I am 'sorry Mrs.
Loring has built such a mountain out
of -bo simple a foundation, and once
more :I claim her charge is utterly
false." ..."
{ ;W. G.Lorlng: denies the recent sensa
tional charges made against him by his
wife, and says he. Is the victim of. her
inordinate temper.. Last night he made
the following statement:
' " In * n .* w er to my- wife'* sensational
and utterly false. charges of abuse and
desertion I desire to say that during our
married life- she * has always received
my full waffes. to .handle oa she has
seen fit; • and : she, has always received
the rent from the roomers, I am at a
loss, to understand- her ridiculous and
annoying charges. Within three days
I have sent her money, but she refused
to take it. Yesterday I sent her $10 by
a friend, but she would not accept it.
"What more can I do? I am anxious
to provide for the children, and I have
never starved refused to support
her, though she has abused me. The
furniture was taken away by her or
ders after paying nearly $170 interest
within the last two years. Her poverty
and distress regarding furniture are
not as she would have It seem, as her
neighbor friend has stored two sets of
furniture, to be called for at Mrs. Lor
lng's pleasure.
"It Is true I owed one month's rent,
but this annoyance could have been
made endurable by a little patience on
her part. I solemnly state that I have
never failed to provide for any neces
saries for her or the children when my
means .could" supply them, and they
have never been hungry or without
clothing.
Avers That His Helpmeet
"Spurns Gold in Rage
Stores Household Goods
Efforts Are Made to*Stam
pecte the! Confention, but
Delegates Remain Finn
WOMAN HAS FURNITURE
adjourn Until Monday
Says He Gives Her His Sal
aryjand Is the Victim of
Her Very Violent Temper
Illinoif Republicans Again
Ballot for Gbyertior; but
Factions Will Xot Yield
LORING DENIES
WIFE'S CHARGES
FAIL TO BREAK
THE DEADLOCK
-THE ' -SAN -FRANGISCQ- ¦; X^VLL; 'SUNDAY/ "MAY "15, imi^
Hanford Delegates Ate Displeased. ;
HANFORD, May 14.—Forty Dem-
38
¦ Miss Nettie Blackmore, Min- ¦
neapolis, tells how any young
woman may be permanently
cured of monthly pains by tak-
ing Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound. l 0^'%. \
. " Yoxnjo Womk3T : — I had *f re^uent
headaches of & serere nature, dark
spots before my eyesj and at my men-
strual periods I suffered untold agony.
A member of the lodge advised me to
try Xydia E. Pihkham's Vege-
table Compound, but I only scorned
good advice and felt that my case was
hopeless, but she kept at me until I
bought a /bottle and started 'taking
it. I soon had the best reason in the
world to" change my opinion of the
medicine, as each' day my health im-
proved, atfd finally I was entirely with-
out pain at' my menstruation periods.
I am most gratef uL" — Nettie • Black-
moms, 28 Central Are.-, Minneapolis,
:Mrnn.~ $5000 forfeit If original •/«6oo« Mt$r
proving genuintntts cannot bt product*.
If there is anything 1 about your
case about which . you would
like special advice, -write freely:
to Mrs. Pinkham. She will. hold
your: letter in strict confidence, j
She can surely, help', you, for. no
person in; America can speak
from a wider experience in" treat-
in?; female ills. She has - helped
hundreds of thousands of women ,
hack to health. Her address is :
Lynn, Mass. ; her advice is free.
A p VEttTTfiBflHaiNTft.
TIDE NERVE OF FOLEY.
Tills Is One of Frank II. Spear-
inan's diameters That You
WiU Grow to Ixjve.
He Is an American of Americans
XEXT SUNDAY CALL.
Mailorders. \\l^' (s • We aim to make
attention Sr£ . ¦ m f $ati5iactory
- . •.--..¦ Kearny and Sutter Sts.
Store Opens 8:30 A. M., tloses 5:30 P. M.
Ladies' Stylish Walking Suits
AT VERY REMARKABLE PRICE CONCESSIONS
(Third Flo«r Kearny St.)
This sale of Suits coming so unexpectedly, almost at the beginning of the season, ought to create
the greatest interest in our Suit Department to-morrow. Every Suit is of this season's style, finely
tailored and weir fitting — divided into three big lots, as follows :
Stylish Eton Walking Suits of fancy Military Walking Suits of fancy Handsome Walking Suits of gray
mixed materials, in brown'and gray; Cheviots, in navy blue and black; wool Berege, new blouse effect with
tton jacket has shoulder cape artis- . jacket and skirt elaborately trimmed shoulder cape and three reveres prct*
tlcally trimmed with fancy braid, with wide black braid; full flaw tlly trimmed with fancy braid; full
buttons and silk binding; pleated skirt; regular price $21.50— reducfd pleated skirt ; regular price I25.00—
skirt; regular price $17.50, sale price for this sale fcL * reduced for this sal* to
812.50 $15.00 816.50
i' H Great Purchase at a Low Price of
.3,500 Strips of Embroideries
:-¦.-. -. •.:• - (First Fle«r Xearny St.) v'
A prominent manufacturer of St. Gall, recognizing our ability to handle large lots, has closed to
us his entire samples at a sacrifice. They include choicest designs in Cambric, Nainsook and Swiss
Edgings, Insertings, Beadings and Demi Bounces, ranging in widths from # inch to 20 inches —
; sold in strips containing 2 to 6 yards, at these extraordinarily low prices : v ;p
' EMBROIDERIES WORTH 80c. 45c and 60c A STRIP — On Sala at 10c, 15c and 20c -
EMBROIDERIES WORTH 75c. f 1.00 and |1.50 A STRIP — On Sal. at 25c. 35c and 50c
EMBROIDERIES WORTH 12.00, $2.25 and $2.75 A STRIP — On Sale at 65c. 75c and 90c>
EMBROIDERIES WORTH $3.00, $3.50 and $4.00 A STRIP- On Sale at $1.00, $1.25 and |t.5O
Ladies' Hawaiian Hats At $L75 Each
Beyond a Tkabt the Gretiesi Value In Ladies' Rats ever Offered.
(Third Floor Kearny St.)
We secured at a very liberal discount a large importation of LADIES* GENUINB HAWAIIAN
HATS — and the gain: shall: he yours. You never saw such choice Outing Hats at anywhere near
this price — they are all of the finest selected qualities, in the very choicest weaves,
trimmed with imported Pugaree sashes. Similar styles are being sold in exclusive <£ f *7ZT
stores at $3.50 to g$.oo each— Your choice, while the quantity lasts, at 4) > ? / >J
Visit Our New Perfumery Department
• (First Floor flatter Street) ...
This new department awaits your' inspection. We now show complete assortments of
Ed. Pinaud, Roger andGallet,Houbigant and Colgate's Extracts, Colognes, Toilet Waters,
Soaps, Face Powders, etc. — Everything new and fresh and PRICED RIGHT.
Portieres and Couch Covers
At Prices Lower Than Ever Before Quoted On Like . Qualities
(Second Floor 8«ttcr Sit.)
Just the event which city and summer-home fitters have been looking for, and at no time or
place will you secure Portieres or Couch Covers, of equal qualities at these exceptionally low prices:
; Oriental Tapestry Portieres, heavy Mercerized Tapestry Portieres, in Tapestry Couch Covers, 60 Inches
quality, 50 Inches wjde and 3 yards solid green .and red, also some wide, in the new Navahoe patterns
long, in choice colorings— the kind handsome two-toned effects; 50 —fringed on a!) sides and reversible
that sell regularly at $3. 50, special Inches wide and 3 yards long; reg- real value $4.50, special for this sale
at • : - ular price $5.50, reduced to at
$2.90 Pair ,$4.25 Pair $3.50 Each
Splendid Bath Suit Values
•"*.. | (Third Floor Kearny St)
The lafgest^and besi assortment we ever had — all the very newest and prettiest styles are.
now on sale: :Just'5ee how. reasonably you can buy Bathing Suits here : •¦•-
Ladies' Bathing Suits"of good quality, Alpaca, In navy Boys* two-part Cotton Bathing Suits, In navy, red
blue, red or black, with white sailor collar; a* C a or black wlth> neat strlplngs ; we sell a great * 4
nothing like them ever offered at the price. ..... many each season at this price $1 .00
Other Styles at $3.00, .$4.00 and $5.00 per Suit Other Styles at 50c, $1.50 and $2.25 per Suit
I Dry Goods Company |
S IS AN AUTHORITATIVE HOUSE FOR LADIES' HIGH CLASS - o
I Ready =to= Wear Garments j
2 Our line being discerningly fashioned and entirely different J
© from raiment shown elsewhere •
3 NOVELTY TAILOR aotii, SSk and Pongee . .•
f MADE SUITS EVENING COATS j
| '£&~ ManTaflored •
I ETAMNE, COVERT JACKETS ]
| MOHAIR, SILK WASH SKIRTS- j
8 and LINEN In Pique and Linen I
• . : .... .. •.- •,¦/ . O
O :. O
• I ' O
o Sterling values in brand 1 new styles added this week" that are c
® certain to meet approval. - , , >
• 1 ; — „* — ~* — i^^^^w o
| CITY OF PARIS J)RY GOODS .COMPANY, •
• • y Geary and Stockton Streets, U&ioa Square- O
VEBTISEMZNTS. J3
XEWMAX A .U5VIXSOX.
AMERICA* WIVES A LA
MODE,
By Jerome K. Jerome.
Youil Uorigh at This and Then
YoullVsit Down and Ponde^
on Uie Daring Truth 'of if "
All Before You Lauch
A^ain. • .
XEXT SUNDAY CALIi.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AXP/zAjwy mw. ysMk % 'Jkil&miMll
a/jfrrr <AC4Jtrrj: xSBsk W*m&BawJ\
jmaz£ sax yvr-VQ&r^roy
rvwovr jcajt j\Sa
irrTjmerr ctrrrxyo -^ _ ¦' .
AtASfAOS. jsx£crjvcrry ox :
StZJVCSJVE 'JJViUAZ Xt&VWr— i .
DRhWnjJAMS
369 Sutter Street. > »
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed br
Mrs. Dr. A. W. Traverse (nee Loi« Gray), Don-
ohoe Bldjr., UTO Market St.. cor. Taylor, roome
28-20. with the electric needle, without pala or
scar; permanency guaranteed; hour* 1 to 4 p.m.
f You Own 1 / Tone It ]
V Sqnare Piano? J V of Charge J
"^^^^ Doesn't seem as though we 7^^, : «
& could, does it? We are doing it VV
a just -the same. If you live in \
. a this city you have only to send us your name I
I and address and your'piano will 6e tunedfree. I
P ;The earlier you send your request the sooner I
y we can 'do the tuning. • - §
'Cor. Post and Keiirr* y Sis.. SiFl . J
- -dBSm GREW THIS hairV
=^^1^^ And wa can PROVE IT. •
* V-Qk J^S^^^^SS V yoa waat jonr b»Ir to rro* THICI. and LONG
* \^^^^^ffl DANDERINE
ia TwMsBS f/SlPra '• th » r«n«4r 70U will b« obllcsd to ut,
£L IffiaM Kj*v^a TT»1i»t» a lUndlnj ottir to wajer ll.ooo tiaS It U ti» only
*£. J^^^im^ '¦¦ HAIR TONIC
« /HujJjWa jkw^A cbQi aukil to-day that will t>o»ltlT»ly (top and <rar*
** Wn*t$*ESt i^^S^ Faulag Hair aaa miks
/Em^^S f lx¥t S3 HAIR bdaw
** A»kT«wrWvj tKiWlr nAln anUri .
2= IxffiLtrt& *V£&fflL *' XytT%l * K 101^^ l H to « P* r »oath for twtntj eoniefitlTf
**" llsfttsBlll&ft *iln£px& B7 perm!s$k>n w» herewltii reproduce photoerapH of Mitt
I ifflfimmf iWA 8 * T » b MacComb. a Ia4y wb» haa lUfrt Is Catcaeo all b«r Ufa
I JmHjBsR'l MHEW "• aaimwell known t» tne city, especially »n tbe Sooth Side.
I > WBisEra -*I W^l Her balr before sbeeotnmeace<ltn» ns« of Danlertr* would
KwttBBaft IHBbB ;i B0llw»h below her waist, wbtle now it toaebe« k^ floor
' " IrSitttSB&Mti BnSSQS' ' when ih* ttasdi «rt«i. TaU renaricabl* arowth li the .^alt
!'^H8«1§&* 1«^L oiaaiatDaaderine-tbatraaiiertef all a air aa<t MaJpt«alc3i
Vo4^^^Ji«{fflA It Gar* Hop Hair Maw Ufa
and win 4o tb« samo tor you if you gt-r« It a fair trlaL Da»-
= i'i ¦ uia« tViiii U..MU1 - *erb» pats b«w life and Ttjor ta both tb* hair and aoalp. It
MI88 8 AHAM MacCOM 8, make* the hair ttattj, sukr, aod there teesai to be 00 limit to
6030 Forr«ttvilUAv*..Ohicsc«, III. the irowta It will produce. Tb»t« U no other that eaa be
' . ; f . ( . compared to it, aiulsfouadedcnaeridiisaltototasr.
SHE 18 W1LUNG TO SWEAR TO IT. /
«y r«<pM*t of Hiss BaeOerab w rtprtfmo th« foll«wlno letters
KSOfrvrpv -DAsprKans co^ ch\t» vt ,m. . . ¦ •
•-^.°* l U} - ?T* n ''~lH3 ****** IR "J*"' UMftttnea re«ar<Uiw tbe ad. that to» »t» bow ranalnr thowtar »T
»letare. tbat I am MBrtiae yoa t&la UUtr for tb« b«o«fli of the pobile (bat yoa mar reproduce It. and 1
SiJiSrJ/ l J!! <l Vt! lh tf7oa ¦•*•«»•«•*.»«••* Daadenae lor twSntr cwuoctuit. montht «nd tbe aTerar;
IS?..?. ££"tr TAISH*** •¦••Ipprth lacbee Mr month, aaklnc a totoi of twenty Are Incnee la tw»nt»
1 !^* 1 ? 7 " BM &. 1 * *&** BBderaeatJiay picture, and b/eo doterwUi ear* me ia»
• - Cole***, rmo. », I9QL ¦':.•-¦ \_ ¦ ¦ ¦ ami M acCok*
NOW at all drurzlsts la tare* ilzas, 2S ceou, OOeaataand S1.00P«bo«lB.
CBCI". Toihowhe,-»qn»eklyDm«tUrlti*>«ct«w,wni«« l adalarr« Maip!« fr»« by r«tnm mitt
For Sale and Guarantee bj REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents., The grand spring exhibition of Pacific
Coast Horticultural Society, which was
commenced last Thursday In the nave
of the Ferry building, came to a close
last evening. During yesterday after-'
noon prizes were awarded for the best
table decorations and for the best
floral designs. There were many com
petitors and a handsome display was
made. The exhibition is considered one
of the greatest successes, ever held in
its line on the coasr. Last night the
following- musical programme was ren
dered: ¦ . "Star • Spangled « Banner";
selection from "When Johnny Comes
Marching Home"; titl, "Serenade"; in
termezzo","Hiawatha' r ; "march, "Stars
and Jstripes Forever" ; . tw 5 songs' : (a)
"My'Flag" (Roeckel). ,(b) "Within a
Mile nt Edinhorp". (Scotch), Mme. Ellen
Qoursen-Roeckel; waltzes, "When
Knighthood Was in Flower"; flute solo
(with orchestra accompaniment), "The
Warbier's- Serenade:';, march, "Ra
mdna 1 .'; waltzes^ "Autumn Bud";
"America."- :;¦;¦ :'.?:( , : 'j''-'"»~-^
Floral Exhibition Closes;
San Francisco Veterinary College.*
Next session will begin June fithj Catalogucii
by applying, to Dr. E. J. Creel y, 510 G. G: ave.»
The soldier, crazed with liquor, .en
tered the shooting gallery conducted by
K. Taukasaki at 815 Kearny street
soon after 8 o'clock. He picked up a
rifle that lay on the counter and fired
two shots at a target. The Japanese
then requested him to pay for them,
but he refused and a wordy dispute
ensued. When the argument became
heated Ratchford, who still held the
rifle, aimed it at the proprietor's head
and fired. The bullet went but little
wide of its market and before a second
shot could be fired bystanders had dis
armed the intoxicated warrior. Police
men A. M. Smith and B. M. Clancy of
Sergeant Christiansen's* Chinatown
squad hurried to the scene and arrest
ed Ratchford. He gave them battle
and during the struggle Smith was
dealt a blow over the heart. The of
ficer did not feel any ill effects from it
until after he had locked his man up
and returned. to his post of duty. Then
he became suddenly, ill and his. heart
was extremely weak. He was removed
to- his home at • 17 Oak street,* where
medical attendarce was afforded • him.
William Ratchford, a soldier, ran
amuck on Barbary Coast last night
and. after taking a shot at a Japanese
with a rifle, struck a policeman a blow
over the heart and severely injured
him. Ratchford was taken into cus
tody and his name placed on the reg
ister at the Central Police Station.
William Ratchford, . While Resisting
Arrest for Using Weapon, Severe
ly Injures Policeman.
DRlXK-CRAzi:D SOLDIER
SHOOTS AT A JAPANESE
The Gaelic League entertained its
friends at the Alhambra Theater last
evening with a unique programme, the
features of which were exhibitions of
Gaelic dancirifer. Jeremiah Deasy, treas
urer of the State League, presided over
the entertainment and the Pipers' Club
and the O'Carolan Choral Society con
tributed the instrumental and vocal
music of the evening.
Gaelic Society Entertains.
First impressions are sure to be last
ing and when a picture is properly
framed it is bound to be lasting. We'll
show you some pretty frames if you will
give us a chance. Call and 6ee our stock
of Moldings and Frames before purchas
ing. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. "41 Market st.»
Worth Seeing.
The owners of the six factories in
this city have declared that they will
not resume operations except under the
open chop rule and It is possible that
the men may be out of employment for
several weeks. The trouble is directly
attributed to the action of the employes
of G. M. Kunz & Co., who walked out
some time ago.
The sympathy shpwn the striking
men by their fellow workmen in other
shops in this city was not approved by
the officers of the national organiza
tion, which ordered them to return to
work. In their failure to do bo it is
said that the local, union has Jeopar
dized its standing in the national body
and is liable for the forfeiture of its
charter. ¦ The employers "declare that
they would willingly arbitrate with
their men if there 1 was anything to
arbitrate, but they insist that the union
is entirely In the wrong and support
their claim with the fact that the na
tional body of the union has declared
itself against the action of the local
employes.
It was estimated yesterday by those
concerned in the troubles between the
Boot and Shoe Manufacturers' Asso
ciation and the members of the Shoe
Workers' Union, which resulted in a
lock-out Friday, that nearly 700 men
in this city and Petaluma are now out
of employment.
Doors of Factories Tightly Barred
Against Members of Shoe
makers* Union. -.
se vex Hundred men
ix enforced iulexess
Assembly Hall of the Girls' High
School contained an enthusiastic gath
ering last evening on the occasion of
the' entertainment given by the senior
class of 1904 under the direction of
Franz Goldstein. The programme
sisted of a three-act . farce entitled
"The Man In the Case," written by
Winthrop Packard, and originally pro
duced by the Emmanuel Club of Rad
cliffe College of Cambridge. The cast
was an excellent one and included
Miss Elsie Zetle. Miss Ethel Lucy, Miss
Carrie Parsons, Miss Rosa Dlehl. Miss
Emma de Boom and Miss Edith Stand
art; all of whom acquitted themselves
in a most creditable manner, a fact to
which the deeply Interested audience
frequently attested by its applause.
Cast in "The Man in
the Cose."
Seniors of Class of 1904 Excellently
HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS
TS A CLEVER FARCE
SPOKANE, Wash., May 14. — While
on? robber climbed over the bar and
took $70 and some time checks from
McFarland & Helverson's saloon ,at
Hilgard. Or., last night, another thug
kept six pairs of hands up and inci
dentally shot John Thompson through
the right ear. Both robbers then
escaped through a rear door.
The desperadoes were masked and
entered the saloon through the front
door. Six men were in. the saloon at
the time, all prospectors. McFarland
attempted to go behind the bar, but
was ordered to stand back. One rob
ber stood guard near the door rvnd
compelled the men to line up against
the wall with .his hands raised. -John
Thompson was slow in raising his
hands and a shot nipped his ear. Then
his hands assumed the desired posi
tion. The robbers acted quickly and
appeared to be professionals.
Reislini? had turned out all the lights
In the tab and lighted a torch to in
spect lhe locomotive before he left It.
He stepped down from the cab and
with torch in hand he looked under the
boiler. He placed the torch near a
small opening in the firebox. Simul
taneously the gas ignited and a terrific
explosion occurred. The roof of the
roundhouse was blown off, and Rels
ling wa's badly burned around the arms
and hands. The engine was only dam
aged slightly.
SAN JOSE, May 14.— An explosion of
gas from an oil burning engine blew
off a portion of the roof of the round
house and badly burned John Reisllng,
a fireman, at the Southern Pacific
yards in this city last evening. The en
gine had just hauled a freight train
from San Francisco and had been
backed into the roundhouse. The oil
was turned off, but the suction of
crude oil when used with a patent
burner creates a gas. This gas had
completely filled the firebox and boiler
tubes.
Mishap Occurs After Engine
Had Been Installed in the
Sheds for the Night
One Man ? s Hands Fail to Go
Up Promptly and a Ban
dit-s Bullet Nips His Ear
OPERATE LIKE EXPERTS
EMPLOYE IS BURNED ;
Roundhouse in the Railroad
Yards at San Jose Is Dam
aged by the Accident
Bobbers Enter Spokane Re
sort, Hold TJp the Inmates
and Rifle Money Drawer
GAS EXPLODING
HURTS FIREMAN
TWO BANDITS
ROB A SALOON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 15, 1004.
39
Time and pnerjr>- saved .by'
reading our .TO LET COI/U3MXS.'
* ,RfX)MS and FJiATS iriall lo-'
calitlcs advertised^ and ; at rents
to suit.
CALIFOS*N!\
LIMITED TOcuicacO
LEAVES DAILY
at !"»:.";«> a. m., throng-h in 3 Amym,
with, diner and all trappings.
Other Santa 7e Trains :
1-30^ S" I ior St«x=>«on. Fr««»o. BakersfleJd.
sioOpiSj Merced. Hanford and VlsaJl*.
4 :00 p. m. for Stockton.
S:00p. a. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon aad
Chicago,
TICKER OrriCES— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
ray. Oakland. CaL 37 Souta rirst St-
San Jest.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
S/.N FRAKCISCu kHo NuBTH PACIFIC
BAIL WAT COM7AHT.
Tibcroa Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAW RAFAEX..
WEEK DAYS — 7:20, 8:00, 9.O0. 11:UO a. rn ;
12:35. 2:30. 3:10. 5:10, 5:C0, C:30 and 11:30
p. ra.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:00 9:30. 11 :00 a, m.* 1:30
2:20. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 d. m.
SAH RAFAEL TO BAN FRAW CISCO.
WEEK UAYS — C:O5. H:U}. 7:a5. 7&O »-'o
11:15 a. m.: 12:50. t?:OO. 3:40. 5:Ou fii'.Hi"
6:25 v. m. Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:45
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.: 1:45
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25, 7:50 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
i Leave I In Effect j Arriv.
San Fran. I May 1. 19Q4. \ San Fran.
Week 1 Sun- I Destlna- Fiun- I Werlc
Days. I days. | Uon. | days. | Days.
- „„ I :S^ a 7:45 a
7:30 s S:00a 8:40* 8:40 a
8:00a 8:30a Icnaclo. I0:20a 10:20a
2:i0p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
S:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 al 7-45 a
S:00 a 8 :00 a Novato, 10:20 a|10 : 20 a
2:.">0p 9:30i» Peuluma 6:20p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p| 7:25 p
5:10 p Fanta Rosa. 8:45 p|
7;:>r. a I 7:30 aj " ' 10:20 a 10:VOa
J»:OOa S:Oi»a| Pulton. 7:25 p 6-20t»
2:30 pj 2:30 pi 8:45 p 7:1'5 p
I Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a Heaidsburff. 110:20 a 10:20 a
If Uon.
2:«0p 2:00 p Gej^ervllle. 7:25 p 7:23 i
aoverdale. |
7 :30 a I 7:50 aj • Hcptand lioTsO a|I0:20 a
2:30p|2:30p! andUklah. { 7:25 p| 7 :23 p
I I Wllllts. I »*
7J0al 7i80a| Sherwood^ |_7:25 p" 7:25 p
K:00a| 8:C«a) Guerrex-llle and |lo : «0 ailO-^O a
2:U0p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 pi 0:20 p
6:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. eJwp
_; 5:10p| Glen Ellen. 8:45 pj
7:30 a! 7:30 al 110-20 ail0-*»0 m
2:30p|2:30p( _Eeba«topoL_ (7:23 p\l\*& p
ETAGES connect at Santa Rosa for While
Sulphur fcpnnsrs: at Fulton for Altrurla and
Mark Ue*t Sprlncs; at Lytton for Lytton
Sprint*: at OcrservCla for Skajrss Sprlnrs- at
Oo\erca.« for the Gerscrs Boonevllle anrt
Gr*e:iTood: at Hopland for Duncan Sprint
HIChUtui J-Prir^-.. KelseyvUle. Ca r |"b a j
fcpr;r. 8B boda Bay. Lakeport an<J Bartlett
hprinct: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. SaratoVa
EprtntS H!.:e Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake? Witter
fcprinfce. I.pixr Lake. Pcmo. Potter Vallev
John Day'a. Riverside. Llerlcy'a Bukneir.
f-ar.hedrla H-lchts. Hullvllle OiTs H I
Spring*. Halfway Hoiw, Cornptche Cum,
Ktevine..Hcpkinb. Mendoclno City. Fort nrarL-
WettportX Vssl: at Wlllits lor F ort Rraft'
WestpwrtV Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Lavtun
ville. Cum.nlns. Bell's £prln*s. Harris o"
sens Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scoti«T
tr.d Eureka. . *"
Saturday «o Monday round-trip tickets at ra
duced tates. ¦
O:i Sundays— Round -tr.'p tickets to all point*
Ixv&nd .San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket tifflcB CCO Market street. Chroalcl*
bulldlrs-
H. C. V.-HIT1NG. • H. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
(ffpg&5|i£I TO SAN RAFAEL/
ll^^Hy ROSS VALLEY.
. .^i-., . ivl 11 I 1/ ATT i«^/
•^|MgP CAZADERO, Etc.
i«;£iES«Sfi®SSSwl Via Sa&saiito Ferrr.
fcvilijj Lan Service, 'Standard Uuuxe Electric— ;
l.'ct.drt trotu San Francisco Dully T:uu. b.VO.
8:Wi. J0:00. ll:Cua. tn.. 12:'_'(>. l:-»5, J:15. 4:15,
5:15, C:15. 7:00, b:45, 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
Ki:Oil SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANCIoCO
—Daily. 5:25. 6:35. 7:40, 6:35. 9:35, 11:05
a. m. I2:2u. 1:<5. 2:55. 3:45. 4:43. 5:45. U:45.
fc:45. 10:20 o. m. l'i
FROM MILI, VALLEY TO .SAX FRAN-
CISCO — Daily. 0:45. 0:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:5S ,
11:20 m. ni.. 12:=S. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. «:05.
7:C5. a:C0. 10:X1 p. m. . . -
THROUGH TRAINS. 'X'^.
fe:C0 a- tn. dally— Cazadero ana wayttattcas. \
6:15 p. m. w t *k days (Saturday exc«pted»—
Tomales and way stations.
3:16 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. -. , -
Sunday* only.— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and I
way itaticns.
TICKET OFFICE — C20 Market st.
¦ FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
JS4&&&M MEH AND WOMEN.
«GgjS*t eKER^BB Dae Big O for nnnatursi
£%P£F in 1 to 6 dmTiAgf dltcbarses.inflaniznatiass.
Mv ttiu»»t«i Jm Irrltationi or olceraUoai
C.*»JC a»t t« itrt«»r«. "" of ma eons msmbrcnts.
f^ j fijm'j CmujIm. Psinieis. and not attrln-
gTaiTP.E LUH5 CHtKXtLCa. g-ent or poiionouB .
ISgft CIRCIKIUT1.0.RRH Scld by Drnnrl*^
Tt^^. t'-b. *. j2£3r or («ot in plain wrapper.
¦^Mlirlniii ,mF7n b » exprsst. prepaid, fW
*eKB&*5&39BKSrm «1.00. or S bottles t2.7a
» m ciroalsr *«Bt «a t*acttt
' ' Week Commradnc THIS AFTER- ' '
|| NOON. May 15.
':; D1Y-RTIN6 VAUDEVILLE! ||
, i The Ko! ;nia; European and Eastern 1 1
n . Sensation.
J M JEAN MARCEL'S
!l Living Art Studies ::
i , Reprodut-lngr MarMe Statuary. Ba»
Reliefs and Tableaux Vlvants. '
( Classic! Chaste! Accurate! Beautiful! '
25 celebrated parisian
| models:
:: Chas. Deland and Company I
Presentlnit J. M. Allison p s One- Act
1 Musk-m Comedy. "A BROKER I
1TKOM BATESVILLE."
:: Home, Ross and Lewis j;
ii PresenUns "The T)uke and th« Araer- .
M lean Heiress." ,,
First Appearance In j America of . i
:: Yung Ju Kim g GhiSuke Oke ii
I • i Korean Mazlclans.
i: sa g erMidgley&Garlisle6eri7 8 !
i ¦ In Their Greatest Success, "AITER . .
,i • SCHOOI^."
ii Glara Ballerini i
I 1 To* Beautiful Italian Terpslcbortta ! i
, , and Aerial Artiste.
i George H. Wood i
| Somewhat Different Comedian." *
1 1 Ballerlni's Dogs j
1 ' Marvels of Canine Intelligence. < >
i Last Week and Tremendous Success I
,, of England's Greatest Prlma , ,
i , Donna Soprano.
ii Mme. Slapoffski ;
, In New Selections From Her Un-
¦ limited ReDertoire.
' - •
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. |
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday. ?
1 Prices— 10c. 23c and SOc. »
........ . . . r . . . . . , . , . . _ t
UNION
COURSING
PARK
P. J. BEIIiLT Jad* 1 *
JAS. r. OBAOS Slipper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, MAY 15.
GRAND NATIONAL
CHAMPION STAKE
Sixth Contest— Best Three in fi<t.
RUBBER ANKLES vs. BARGE.
—^-ALSO
CLASSIC RESERVE STAKE
64— Nominations — 64
!roT*roicfinf^
purse ijigyy w
TRAIM SER\HCE:
Leaves Third and Townsend street* 10:13 and
1 p. m. ; Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets tlv<»
minutes later. Returning at 4:45 p. m. and
after the last course. San Mateo electric cur*
every four minutes during the day.
INGLESIDE
COURSING
PARK
I rl IV l\
112 -DOG
OPEN STAKE
i -i
Sunday, May 15
Hereafter Running
on SATURDAYS
Courslnr will begin at 11:30 o'clock tharp
and continue until the last " winning: flag goes
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All Mission street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERJIET. Judge...
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Sl)pp«r.
>TTff<TTTTtTf*yiOT73 AMXTSEaiUJTS.
SAK FRANCISCO .«j?'
BY AUTOMOBILE 9^^^o,
' CALL ziM^^^)
M0BII.E CAXSZA6S CO.
, GOLDEN GATE - AVE. and GOUGH . IT.
Phon* Private Exchang» 770.
- Downtown offlcej — Court Palace Hotel; Lobby
St. Francis H»tel; Lobby of Occidental Hotel.
»
• /V^<-r-7->$r\ to a rrl t e at
/^/j^£^\ 2 ]SAy FRANCISCO.
V^e<^ £f=r~^w r * ox mat i5f 19O4-
W^ y F«MT D«K)T
»^^^ (Foot of Market Street )
IT**** - ~TVrATN~LTNE. -Am»rr,
*7-08a Vac*ri:io. winter*. Uum»ey- 7-bOr
7 CO*. E z\-[a, Suttun. C'.:a:r» fced 6tcr»-
n.eato 7.20r
730a Vt:>jj. Kap*. Ca::*Vfg». Sacta
F.om. Martlnes, S»n Ramon 6-20 r
7J3a K::e». LlTennore. Trm«y. Ltthror.
Stockton 7-20*
SOOa Ebuu Espreu— A"!t l)»vin.
(for Barrett Kprlng«>.
tt:;iow«. *hruto. Ued Blufl.
Portl»ti<l. T»con?.a. feeattie 7-50<*
' i CG» D«vu.Wood'.«nd. Rnlcbtc Landing.
MRryivlIle. Orovllle 7-60?
• tZO* Pan Vo«tv Martinez. Actioch.
Byron. Tr*cr. Stockton. New-
man. Los Banua. Meodota.
a--*'.e». Has ford. Via alia.
PortTrliie 4.20' 1
f-50* Port Costa. Lfcthrop. Modeato,
Mfrc«d. Fresno. oo»hen June-
tloc, Hanford. V'.eaila. Bakers-
Celd 450^
¦f -30* K'.ka. 6an Jots. Ltrennore. Stock-
ton. cM"ton). lone, Sacracento.
** Placerrllle. Marvevllle. Cbico,
Red nioff 4.20r
$.30* Oalcdale. Chlnete, Jamestown. So-
Dura. Toolamne and ADffrls 4-20r
*9flO» At:»nticRxr«»»* — Ocirn »n<i E»«t. 11.20*
8r50* Rl'-bincnd. Uartlnrz and Way
• ' 6tatlna§ 8 50*
'CCO* Tb* OTerland L'.mlted — or den.
Denver. Omfcha. Ctica^o 6-20^
• 10450* Va'ifjo 1220f
1CC0* L" Anrel«# Pasteog^r — Port
Cutta. Martinez. Cfroa. Tracy,
Lathro^. Stockton. Merced,
Ifarinnnd. h r».oo. Gothec Joae-
tluB. Hac'ori. Lemoorf, Visalla,
nalierffi^ld. Loi Angeles 7-20*
I200x JlaywartJ. Kll^s «oi War Stations. 3.20p
.* ;". X>0p fencTuneotoUlTer Steamers tH.00*
: 3i0p. B*n1c!a. W.r.tcrs. Sacrammto.
Woodland. Knights Lauding.
ManvvUe. Orovllle and v, ay
cuttons 10-50*
3 -SOr BarwarJ. Niles aad Way Station!.. 7 60r
•. 3 30r Port Coet*. MtirUan. Byroc.
Tracy. Latlirop. Modetto.
Merced. Ber"-nda, >r«**no and
St»l!on» neyond Port Cn«:a 12-20r
3 ZQr To«w>.mlte Vallfv, via Berenda acd
ffi*on» -8-50 *
3 30p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. J.ofA... 1020*
4 COr Uarf.cez.SAD Unmon.Valiejo.Napm,
Caiir ton. SaniK Ilowa. 9 20*
4OCp Mlea. Trary. Stockton. I>odl 4.20p
• 4-30P Hayvard. K'les. lrrlngton, Sonj 18. SO*
Joie. LMermore / 1 11.50*
I COr Tbe Owl Limited — N>«n««, Lot
Bam*. M'-ndixa. Fre»no. Tulare,
itaktrsSch*. Los Angeirt 8-50*
" E-COr Port to«u. Tracy. Ptocktoa 12 20r
'6-SOp >'¦* :•»»:.!. Mies and San Jo«e 7.20*
e COr Hayward. Klies mid Sao Jose 9-bO*
6 COr £»*trrn Express— Ogden. Denver.
Omaba. St. Louis. Chicago and
r.*n. Port Co«ta. brnicia. Eul-
tuo. C'.mtrs, !•»¦• If. Sacrairrcto,
Uucklln. Aaburn, i'olfn,
Trurtt-e, Boca. Keoo, Wads-
worth. Wlnnemocc* 5 20* 1
fi.CCr Vaiiejo. <J*i;y. except. Sunday... . I ? c «.
7C0p Valiejo, Sunday «»n!y."% ( ' 60f
JXJOr K!cbmor.d. san P»b!o. Tort Costa,
Martinez aDd Way Stations 11-20*
7 C8r Oregon & Caitforeta Express— Sac-
ramento. MarysTille, Iteddlng.
Portltnd. I'apet S"unrt and East. 8-50*
BOBp B'no rateeapcr — Truckee. LaVe
Tfch<* 7-50*
•' 3.1f> FJayward. Mies and San Joft(Sun-
e*r»r.'.y) 11.50*
. " COAST LINE (>arr»w liaoite).
<Foot »t Market Street )
7.46a Santa Crut Kxci;r*lop(Si:c<;a7on]y) 8-10r
8- 16* Newark, Centerrliv. R»n .loce,
Felton. n«aU:«*r Ort-ek. banu
Crux and Way Sutloc* 5 55'
"»2.16> Newark. C«at»-rv!i:e. Feu Jose.
New Alranden. Los <i»:o».Fr;t.-c.
iionlder Cr^ek. Sania Cruz cod
Pr'.Dcip«i Way Station* tiOSS*
4 Mr Newark. San Jo»c. Los Ustos aad) <8.55 *
way «t*tl»n« I t10 65>
O AKL AT^cT"rTA JTB O R~F t RRYT~
¦Tron-. tAN H:ANC11>cO. kv^l wt Market Ct. <h!lpi-
~r.::T, y.yj li:oo a.m. 1.00 3 00 516 r.u
. Kroxn OAKLAND. *out of Ilrj»d«ray — +t:tti tS:<r)
VtMi _lu:(w tM. 12 CO 2-03 4-00 e.u.
COAST LINE <ISr»a.J «.M Cf (.
tlT i'l l::r<l »p«i "I wwnteud Streets.)
610* far. Jl»e"an<f wiTKtstlor:* 6^30p"
'ICC* Kxa .1o«f an>l Way Sut'-iii« 5<0r
7.15* Montrrry and 8enta Cry.-; Excur-
sion 'Sunday «mljr) 10.30r
SCO* N>w Almadca fTaet^ F.-M^onJy). 4.10»
8 CT.* Tb'- Coant'r— Stops only San Jo«e.
Cllroy (coucectfon ff.r Hollls-
ter;. Tajaro. CaatrovIIie (coa-
jicctlon to and Jn>m Montcrer
and Pacific Oror<). Sel!uas. Saa
Arto, Paso Rodicn. Eunta M«r
r«r1ta. San Luis «>!¦ :»•»>. jirl:icipal
Cations the.nc-j Si:rf <conn*"i:tion
fnr Lomi^n-;. p;;nc!p«l »tst!oc»
tbence Santa DarSarr..San Uueca-
T^niura, Ilnrbank. I>oi Angles . 10-43'
t-CC* Ean Jo>'. Tr*' Tlnos. Citj-ltola.
tact«C'ruz.f«c!ac<>rove.Sa:!na«.
8*R I.uis O!.<s;io sad i'rli;c'r»:
V.ay 6tat!oa» 4.10p
f0.30* EaaJ»eu4Wajr6ttttOM l-20r
11,10* Santa Clara, fcaa Jose. Lus Oatot
titii Way f>t*»L>r.s 7.30 r-
1 ZZr San Jose «nd Way bUtioas 8 36*
J COr i>el Monte Kxpre»a— Santa Cars,
>sl Ji-»«-, l>el Moc:e. Monterey.
< it.it. except &>un>Iay. for Santa
Cnu, Boulder Crr»-k ard J'urrow
Gnus' l*o!nt»> r.t (Jitror f'.r llol-
!SUT. Tr<-» I'lnon. r.t J'ajara fur
fK-.i'.t. Crar, st Cnnr-'ViKe for
taliii* 1?1V
*.»0^ Trr f P1r..w V.'si P««-r.i-.-<T 10 4»»
4. 3Cr k»u Jov:iad Way Station* '800a
*6 00'- Ean:* <:iam. -m J.hx. I.o. O»t«.»,
ao<l vr!nel;»tl •.Vay Stations (n-
tept "9 00*
¦£20;- fcanJo»<r»n(irr:nc!|'»i^Vaybtal.<<ui* {940*
6<5«' fcunwt I,!:ii!trd.— i:edwi>-«L Sta
J.i^?.Gllr«)r.saI!na«.I # *si.5Io!>:es,
*• t-au Lc'.t <<blk]<o. bxntK Rarharc,
Los Anrctts. Demlni;. i'-> I'»»«J.
New Oiieen*. JCew Vori. Cos-
ticcti at Psjaro for Bacta c'rr.r
red at Ca'trortllr. for PaclSc
Gru^e *ad Wiy Stations 7-10 »
6 Zlr tauUatea.nercvford.ltcliii3ni.Sfin
Curlus. ne«Jw<«>a. Fair Otk«.
KrEloPtrk. I'aloAIto t8.46*
t, 33? fan Ji*e cad Way St«t:ous 638*
8J0r Paio A!to aod TT*y Stations 10.15*
II .ZQr Soutli fcanFrao cl*co. Mlllbrae, Dnr-
linssmr, San Matru. nelmorst,
Can Carlos. Uetfwood, Fair Oaks, '
Mrnlo P»rk. and 1'aJo Alto 9<5"
cM&Qr Varteld. Mountain View. Fnanr-
veie, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
- feacJoac t9 45r
A for Morni dc P tor Afternoon-
1 £ unCa* escet>l«4. t bn nday only.
a Saturday ooly.
» Etpp* «t all statlca* on BMday.
'Cr*Oair trains stopple* *t Valencia St. sonthHotmd
*re«:l»)i.>u 7.00 a.k, 7:a j-k^ U:»A.Jf, «:3er.x,
I:» r. M. an 4 UOOr.M.
THE WEEKLY CALL
Si p^«" Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
wULUmJSI A LEASU6 mm
TO-NIGHT— I.A8T TIME.
SSp ROGERS
In John J. McNalIy'» Vaudeville Fare*.
THE ROGERS BROTHERS IN LONDON
B«glnnlns TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MR. RICHARD
MANSFIELD
Mon.. May 16. Sat.. May' 21. Tuw., May 24. J
"IVAN. THE TERRIBLE": Tues.. May 17.
Frl.. May 20, Mon.. May 23. Thyr».. May 26.
Matinee May 28. •OL.D HEIDELBERG":
Wrt., May IS. "A PARISIAN ROMANCE":
Thurs.. May in. Mat. May 21. Wed.. May 23.
"BEAU BRUMMEL": Frl.. May 27. "DR.
JEKTLL and MR. HYDE": Sat.. May 2.S
(farewell nlrht), a ncene from • each - of five
plays. ...;..-..
CALIFORNIA
jGJ* ai.Ii this week. BKl
§t tbs funniest show xw
U TOWH1 . B
I OUR NEW MINISTER I
B THE FAMOUS ALL-STAR CAST. fj
m Ernest HastlDK". Joseph Conyers. B
B Charles Stedman. John Barker. Cl
] Louis Fierce. Fred Mower. , H
J John P. Brawn. Grant Foreman, 'm
m Gertrude Perry. W. C. Tanner. m
B Clara Kainford. Phila May. If
tj NEXT SITNDAT— OpenlnK annual I
}ft summer stock seaion new Nelll-Mo- H
_ rosco Company In "When We Were JJ
¦i Twenty-one." Scats now gelling. fl
1
A T t~\ A fj A.TJBelaaco * Mayer.
General Manager.
K TO-NIGHT— LAST PERFORMANCE.
N "THE TWO SCHOOLS"
, Alfred Capus' Laughing Comedy.
Evr., 25c to 75c; Mats. Thur. & Sat.. 25c to SOc
TO-MORROW >'1GHT— ONE WKEK.
MATINEKS THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Original San Francisco Production.
. COLINETTE..|
"^*i*y^^^ff^^^S^^B^jthjjj^^^^^^jy^^^^^jHBB^jj^^^BjH^^jB^ t -^
('oraedy-Dntmaby HENRY GUT CARL13TON.-
JULIA MARLOWE'S GREATEST SUCCESS.
May 23 — One Wfek — Sydney. Rcsenf eld's
Comedy,
A^ POSSIBLE CA'SS:
Market at., near Efchth, Phone South KS.
IMATINEK TO-DAY-^TO-NIGHT . I
T.Ar.T TIMK of th» Brilliant Hit. |
?THE THREE MUSKETEERS 1 ''
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
First Ttme In San Franclico of the Tremen-
douslV Successful 5Iaritlrn'e' Comedy Drama..
i( Wm BY THE SEA"
Realistic'. Emotional! Startllr.ff Mechanical
and Electrical. Effects'. A Maimlflcsnt Pro-
duction! .-...,.. .-...„..
ni»ipcc Evenlncs - 10c to fiOi*
TlilWCj Matlneea..' ..10c. lBc. 25c
mm^ mmm : . "—"*""'"" . , . — ~ *— ~»
HOTELS AND UESORTS.
[NewjlitEL BUTLER
SEATTLE. >
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense cf
$2U0.iX)f>— New Management— ENTIRELY FIRE-
PROOF.
¦ LOCATION— Very accessible to «treet car
lines, theater*, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
'. 22:! ROOMS with 'LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several, private ,roonn In, antique decorations.
Turk^h Uathx In Hotel.
! UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. D« Stet-
'¦ ger., Chef.'* formerly 7 of, Waldorf-Astoria -and
; Chef to Prince of Wales.,
HOTEL ORCHESTRA:' Telephone Connec-
tions In every room: long distance connections
made with any part of the Coast.
Wire for reservations." at our'ejpense.
.. HOTEL. BUTLER. Seattle. Wash. .
I ¦ .. , — r — . . . . — — ... '...'<
Ptizr^ DONT TAIL TO
rdldtC Vee 'the beautiful
j. COURT ' Lounging
311(1 >oom, the EMPIRE
¦¦':'.. uu r parlor, the
r~*.«T4 PALM ROOM, the
urand louisxvpar-
UIUIIU lor, „„! the LA.
U A i A l- DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
BBVBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBRBDBBBBBBBBEBBBOBBflnBBaB
B "~~^^^»^ ¦ y*i ¦*>. ' _ v^ mm • H
[TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS I 1
[ EXTRAORDINARY LOW PRICES [
¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ . : ¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦. . • . . s i
g Only the newest and most effective styles at g
a *4 and l /s less than regular prices. 8
I Tailor Suits, $10, $12.50, $15, $17.50 g
B - . - ; Q
| SUITS I COATS 8
¦ $15.00 Tailor Suits t\(\ S 12 - 50 Coats, trim- >O en g
I reduced to OlUiUU med,at 00. JU n
a Black cheviot blouse andj fancy $J5.00 White Novelty Coa^JjQ QQ ¦
g mixture, Cfray and red mixed «™r.n twu-*«.t «a*»m h
g coat effect $20.00 m 1 tcNove.tyCoat s ,J|2 ( gQ g
S $20.00, Tailor Suits *|O en S % V?^ ¦
I reduced to . - . . . . .$12.50 %£%*"* Mmm^ $17.50 g
B Extra quality black and navy $12.50 Covert Coats, i C7 Kn S
a blue cheviot, blouse and Eton at ...i snk wliuU B
g Styles. 515.00 Covert Coats,' Lined C in nn gi
¦ $25.00 Tailor Suits Cic no ,ipi't«, t 'l J-t'!?!! 5
H j j a tfllH Hll $10.03 Black Silk Blouse, 07 Cfl ¦
fl reduced to .....^Ivi.UU , r i m med, reduced to !. i 1.0 U B
g Elegrant styles of plain and J15.OO B'ack Silk Blouses CIH Hfi 5
B fancy Camels hair effect. . and Etons, reduced to ... 0 1 U • U U b
¦ $27.50 High Novelty CI7K0 skirts reduced |
g Suits reduced to... .OM. OH 5I5XO Black Broadcloth SW^jq qq h
" tvt ia I?* ci j xwt- ¦ elegant quality, at OIUiUU g
E Novelty Eton, blouse and M1I1- now at tKnn ¦'
¦ tary effect. OOiUU B
¦ ALL ET,MI&E SUITS REDUCED. $1.50 & $1.75 ¦¦
S I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET 2
BBBHBBHBBBBBBBBBaBBBMBIBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBMaB
9CSL7CBnnCCQCBBEElSESBBeEaia»E3SBBlIBBBHEBBBSEIHBaBBa
i Dry Goods "^^^^^ Company, I
¦ J m
1 ...WASH TEXTILES... \
B — B'
e , n
5 . Our line will be found to be distinctly different from what you 5
v '. : : : will find in other places. : : : 1
SB i
— r- m
g KNICKERBOCKER SUITINGS FIGUREDCOTTONETAMINErA r S
a 30 inches wide, yard.. ->r r 30 inches wide, yard .... 3UC o
S ;• ZOC 1
¦ ' IMPORTED MADRAS/ -) c r NOVELTY LINEN SACKING / A r i g
b . 32 indies wide, yard. . 27 indies wide, yard. . . OUL |
m- • - . a
•h _ a
S ' ..An Exceedingly Well Selected Line of Distinguished Ideas.. 3
•a. -. n
3 JAPANESE CRAPES ->r r NOVELTYLINEN SUITINGS nr r i
¦ • 30 inches wide, yard. . 27 inches wide, yard . / 3C B
n NOVELTY LINEN FINE SUITINGS g
a • COLORED DOTTED SWISS rn. 48 inches wide, yard Cf OC o
g 30 inches wide, yard .. 3UC jl.lj g
B- -. fl
a ' Values Which Easily Make Pleased Customers. ¦
H B
g CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, i
¦ Ceirj asd Stock tea Streets. Unio^Squ&re. B
ByBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
ADVERTISEMEUTS.
AMTJSEKEirrS.
ADVEBTISEME^TTS.
AJCUS-EVLKNTB.
AMUS£M£NT1
II VU Li HOUSE.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
TO-NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
Superb Production of the Greatest Musical
Comedy
I"-™-""" I D«Hirhtfal
Received A Singers
With A Clever
Enthunlaym XX * Actors
I runaway!
An flTT^T ""me
'Immense \J(JLJL\Aj Girt
Success » I Cborus
Usual Ttvoli Prices— 23c, 50c. 75c
grands;
WEEK BEGINNING MATINEE TO-DAY.
MELBOURNE f.
MacDOWELl
- Tn Sardou's
EMPRESS
THEODORA
POPULAR PRICES— 15c. 25c. SOc. 75c.
1 '
High-Class Specialties Crery Afternoon and
Ereni.ig in the Theater.
PNEUMATIC SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA:
MATSUDA'B ROYAL JAPANESE TROUPE;
CAMERON AND TOLEDO: FOX AND
WARD: BARK and EVANS; the THREE
MILLARDS: MILDRED MANNING and
N E1V MOVING PICTURES.
Take a Ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC'
• RAILROAD.- -- - I
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY. -
Adrr.i.«sli>n. 10c; Children. 3c.
ffhtn Phoning Ask for' "The Chutes. K
LYRIC_HALL.
MME. CiRRiNGTON PRESENTS
Mme.Adrienne
ol, \>lair
(Mrs. Cora Hall) ' -
CdLORATURA SOrRANO.
AssiBted by Mr. EMLYN LEWYS Pianbt.
FRIDAY tVENING, Kay 20, at 8:15
r.esrryed Seats at " Sherman. Clay * Co *¦
Thursday and -Friday, ' May 19 and 20.
TICTCETS $1.00.. .
Industrial
Exposition
MECHANICS 1 PAVILION
/PRIL 30 to May 15.
To-Night— Grocers' N13M and
Grand Ball.
SPECIAL. FEATURES.
• CONCERTS DAY AND NIGHT.
SOUVENIR FANS. TO ALL CHILDREN.
Afternoons/ 1 to 5; evenings. 7:30 to 10:30.
j- ¦ \. . OPE2T- SUMPATB • ¦ *
SEE THE PICTURES.''
/ HOW TO DEVELOP A': STAR
, . ¦:_¦;-. PITCHER. , - •
i . t ..... _^___ .. . ~ . •
. Written and \ Tllastrated by
FRANK XEWHOUSE\
; J. A Page of Sport Superbly Prc-
| v scntcd.
! . :; .V NEXT. SUNDAY CAMJ.
Only a woman is capable of arriving
at a conclusion without using either
reason or Judgment. ;
BE WISE!!!
/fo/M/rArw/t
/tA5£VEJ?"
£Qt/AL£O • •
IE ROYuSu U$d*l Packets of tek
Miller & Sons
153 Crosby 5ln.y.
t . \ At cut rates>v
It'dpn'f pay v you to. take the time
and trouble to develop and print your
own kodak pictures, when I can- do It
much, better, and cheaper. . Here are
some of my figures:
• DEVELOPING:
Roll of C. I0c|Roll 0^12 15o
PRINTING:
S0H0 finish.. Sc-6c I Velox finish. 3c-6c
Mail orders promptly filled.
• All popular "sizes of DAYLIGET
LOADIKO riLHS at my usual low
prices.
Cameras repaired at low rates.
THAT flAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
. : 7 s 1008 MAttKET ST.. •
.; Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO. .
' JKAlI/iyAY TRA\TEIj.
IWf .' Tamalpais Railway
Lmft fa SiOMilte Imj ArtiTe , "
»a«rrand«» MtrfMirt^a janrrancfaqi
Day, day 4ay Daym.
m*nr 9.00A m&SSR gB i.-sbp » : »u?
fttlfir IOiOOa JjBgaw B:SOr 5:50*
mmmmT l:48p \gpy *»8«P.^-».
HZ|S:15r| TiiOr .7ZZ
"TICITT 1 628 Majuokt St,( North Shore RailroidT
0KX I ud SxxmAUxo Fjuukt. Voot Markat 34.BERKELEY. May 14.— Miss Maybelle
Mentz, the daughter of Charles F.
Mentz of 2430 Hilgard avenue, was
painfully Injured this evening by being
thrown /rom a horse. Her father was
riding the animal and had taken the
girl on behind. The horse reared and
threw them both to the ground. Miss
Mentz striking on her head and shoul
ders. She suffered a fracture of the left
-collarbone and a number -of cuts' and
bruises. . Mentz was not Injured.
Unit/ by Fall From Horse.
. ¦: Saturday, May 14.
Etmr Samoa, Madsen, Caspar.
8tmr Brunswick, - EHlfsen, Fort Bran*
Stmr Olla, Nordburr, Albion. .
Stmr Newaboy, Adler. Crescent City.
Schr. Conflanza, Johnson" Monterey,
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen.
SAILED.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, May 14,
Btmr Jamea S. Htggins, Hlgglnn, 8X hours
from Redondo. !
Ship Fall* of Clyde; Mataon, 15 days from
Hllo.
. Etmr Edith, Hall, 92 hours from Tacotna
Late Shipping Intelligence.
As in the ;. Eastern church Lent ex
tends for forty-eight days before East
er, and the fast is most rigorous, its
observance will entail considerable suf
fering upon the Russian soldiers in
semi-arctic Manchuria. 1 All flesh must
be abstained from after Sexagesima
Sunday, and from the Monday in Quln
quageslma until Easter neither cheese
nor eggs may be eaten. Any Infringe
ment is severely regarded. For the
murder of his mother a moujlk was
sent to Siberia. On the way the con
vict gang halted 'at an inn for food.
It was Lent. . but the landlord; being
a Jew, brought out meat. "Dog of a
Jew!" swore the murderer; "I have
killed my mother, and I would kill
my father also rather than eat meat
in Lent."— New York Tribune.
Wns Very Observant.
OAKLAND, May 14.— "A Gentleman
of France" will be the next attraction
presented by the Nelll company at Ye
Liberty Playhouse. - The • play was
adapted by Harriet Ford from Stanley
Weyman's great French story, the
scenes of which are laid in the courts
of Henry II of France and Henry of
Navarre. The hero, Gaston de Mar
sac, a soldier of. fortune,' plays a prom
inent part in the making of the latter' s
.fortune.; ¦ '. ." i .
.'.James Nelll will appear in the char
'acter of De Marsac and Edythe Chap
man will play Mademoiselle de la Vire,
the beautiful heroine of the play. Mlas
Chapman has appeared in a variety of
characters" since the first appearance
of "the company in. this city and has
proved herself an artist of ability.
Great Play of French Court Life- Will
Be Produced at the Liberty
Theater.: ~
He Kept His Scat.
The near-sighted man, comfortably
ensconced in the corner of the car,
looked up at the woman who was hold
ing a large bundle in one hand while
she clung to the strap with the other.
"Madam," said he. a wave of sud
den generosity sweeping over him. 'I
make It a rule never to give my seat
up to any one, but I will be glad to
help you. Let me held your bundle tor
you." CJ" ' ' '
"Oh, thank you, sir," replied the fair
passenger, "I hope you know how."
Whereupon she deposited a gurgling
six months' old infant in his lap, to
the undisguised Joy of the rest of the
strapholders.— Cincinnati Times-Star.
NE1LL COMPANY TO H GIVE .
. "A GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE"
OAKLAND, May 14.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Anthony Justi,
22. and Flavina Roderick, 18, both of
Oakland; John W. Wllkins, 26, San
Francisco, and Bertha M. Russell, 20
Oakland; Harvey G. Stuart, 53, and
Louisa Spear, 53, both of San Fran
cisco; Thomas E. Hays, 27, and Julia
H. Dashlell, 22, both of San Fran
cisco; Charles Walker, 39, San Fran
cisco, and Grace L. Jordan, .83, Cleve
land, Ohio; Alexander Greigr, 26, San
Francisco, and Llda M. Petit, 26, Oak
land. ..^V-7.. v\;.V
Marriage Licenses.
ALAMEDA, May 14.— This city will
be well represented at the Santa Fe
day celebration In Oakland on Monday.
Many persons from here will attend
the exercises and the West End Im
provement Association ; will have a
beautifully decorated vehicle In the
parade In which will be seated twelve
members of the organization.
Alamedans Will Celebrate.
The following will give somo Idea of
the new language! This is part of a
verb: Ami, to iove; amanta. loving;
amlnta, having loved ; amonta, about to
love; amata, being loved; amita, hav
ing been loved; ml amas, I love;' vl
amis, you loved; 11" amoa, he will love;
nl amus, we should love; ill estas am
ata, you are loved. These forms will
hardly strike the average reader as
any lovelier than those with which
they may be acquainted from old
grammars. It cannot be any. more
difficult to learn to say "amo," or "Ich
liebe," or "j'alme." than It Is to say
"ml amas." Then, In Esperanto, there
are other things, such as femlnines In
"in," diminutives In "et" and au in
troductory "cu" as a question mark.
"These particulars." we are told, "arc
particularly useful in constructing
words." For instance, "pll" means
"more." "Pli N bona" . is "better," "mal
pll bona" is "less good" and "pll mal
bona" "worse." "Ig" • means the art
of making, -and bona Is "good"; so
"bonlgo" means "making good" and
"pll bonlgo," "making better** or "Im
provement."—New York Press.
Points About "Esperanto."
- The Schenectady plant of the Amer
ican Locomotive Works has under way
the building of the largest locomotive
in the world. It la to be the Mallet
articulated type, will weigh 465,000
pounds when which is
207 hi tons, and is Intended for freight
work on the Baltimore and Ohio Rail
road, The machine will be of the tan
dem compound style, with a peculiar
arrangement of drive wheels and cyl
inders. It is being built as an exper
iment, and is intended for use as a
helper on the mountain divisions of
the road. The heaviest engine now in
use on the Baltimore and Ohio weighs
162% tons.
- The new locomotive will have" 320,
000 pounds on the drivers, a tender
weighing 120,000 pounds with coal ca
pacity of 13 tons and a water capacity
of 7000 gallons. The wheel base is to
be 30 H feet; the traction power 70.
000 pounds, and on a perfectly level
track the engine is expected to haul
over 10,000 toni.— New York Commer
cial.
Largest Locomotive hi World.
The best practice match was that
in which M. L. Crowe -and William
Hamilton beat J.T. Dare and H. L.
Tickner. The score was 21 to 20. .
The following other U practice
matches were played: "W. .Stewart
and Joseph Gray beat J. C- Moffatt
and J. Reid. 21 to. 18: R. McBean beat
R. Calhoun, 21 to 8: Moffatt beat
Thomas McNaught, 21 to 9; James
Gray and J. M. McLachlan beat R.
Park arid G. C. Patterson, 21 to 17;
A. Wilkie and Y. C. Lawson beat D.
O'Brien and A. B. Maguire, 21 to 18;
Dalziel beat W. R. Eaton, 21 to 12.
The larcest crowd of the season was
attracted to the new bowling green at
Golden Gate Park [ yesterday. The
spectators were treated to some excel
lent bowling In both tournament and
practice play. The best tournament
match was a doubles in Which J.
Eaton and Dr. Hamilton beat Y. C.
Lawson and Alex Craig. The latter
were expected, to win, but their op
ponents proved too clever for them,
winning by the close score of 21 to 19.
Four tournament matches were
played in singles. By far the closest
was that in which the Rev. Mr. Logan
beat Charles Adams, 21 to 17. Dr.
Gunn proved too strong for J. S. Web
ster. The score w^s 21 to 13. The
other two matches were one-sided.
T. G. Aitken beat J. S. Black, 21 to 6,
and if. L. Crowe beat D. Dalziel, 21
to 6. .
Rev. Dr. Logan Defeats Charles
Adams by " Score of 21 to 17
After a Great Game.
RECORD-BREAKING CROWD
ON THE BOWLING GREEN
Will Pay the Debt.
OAKLAND, May 14.— The estate of
the late Emanuel Paget, widow of the
late Professor Paget, head of the
French department at the University
of California, has been appraised at
$23,444 56. She left a large part of her
estate to pay off debts assumed by her
husband during his life time, which
his family had been unable to pay
by reason of the Franco-Prussian war.
He spent his life In trying to pay off
these claims and at his death had been
unable to accomplish his desire. What
he failed to do his wife has now done
for him. What remains after these
debts are paid will go toward estab
lishing a scholarship at the university.
stumbles and Breaks Arm.
ALAMEDA, May 14.— George Burnley
of Ban Francisco, while running to
catch a late train at Morton street sta
tion on the south side line last night,
fell and fractured his right arm. Burn
ley tripped on a rail near the depot
end narrowly escaped being run over
by a freight train. He was conveyed
to the residence of Mrs. C. Collins, 1541
Central avenue, where he had been
vifciting, and giver, surgical attention.
"Do you think flying machines will
ever come into general use?"
"I hope not," answered the Custom
house officer. "It'll be mighty hard
to have the usual amusement with
passengers from Europe if they do."-
Washington Star.
Tlje Time Ball on the tower of th« F«rry
bulletins was dropped exactly at noon to-day
i. <., at noon of the 12Uth meridian or at S
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
. .. v Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In char??.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydroxraphie Office. V. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, Saa Francisco. Cal..
May 14, 1904.
The American Hawaiian Steamship
Company's big freighter Oregonlan
from Honolulu with a cargo of sugar,
passed Delaware Breakwater May 13.
OrejjQfiian Arrives.
BERKELEY, May 14. — In honor of
the Santa Fe's coming to Berkeley a
half holiday on Monday for the school
children was declared to-day by the
Board of Education. The children are
expected to spend ' part of Monday
morning throwing flowers at the first
Santa" Fe train that puffs into town.
Wagonloads of flowers, will be on hand
for the children and what are not used
for decoration will be strewn in the
path of the train.
A telegram was received by Francis
Ferrier " of the citizens' welcoming
committee this afternoon from H. K.
Gregory, assistant general passenger
agent for the Santa Fe road, saylag
that the train would arrive at the new
Berkeley station at 10;30 o'clock on
Monday morning and stop ten minutes
or longer in order to give the children
time to decorate the train, Mr. Greg
ory adds that the Berkeley committee
will be taken to Oakland so that It
can participate In the Oakland cele
bration.
Berkeley School Children to Join in
Welcoming First Train.
WILL KEEP HOLIDAY.
There was no change made yester
day in "the rates of reinsurance on the
vessels posted on the ioocal overdue
list.
The Carrollton is quoted at 15 per
cent; Lamorna and Lamoriciere at 90
per cent; Lurlel at 15 per cent, and the
Conemaughat 65 per cent.
The Overdue list.
Although few if any people had pre
dicted so early a termination of the
career of the "cotton market leader"
as that of yesterday, few experienced
financiers doubted that such an end
would eventually come. Certain Indica
tions in the career of "market leaders"
are unmistakable, and one Is the evi
dence that one success In a speculative
venture has led the lucky adventurer
to believe that his judgment was infal
lible and his luck impregnable.
The notable case in point that occur
red in May. 1S98, suggested the outcome
of the Sully operation. Even the "cot
ton clique's" achievement of January,
1904, must yield for dramatic interest
to the "Leiter" corner In wheat six
years before. The speculator who fig
ured In that episode bought wheat as
low as 65 cents a bushel. The short Eu
ropean supply and the Spanish war
came in to help him; he put the price
up on the 10th of May, 1898, to $1 85
per bushel. The newspapers chronicled
his movements, and serious articles
were written* (a foretaste of this year)
to show what "young Leiter had done
for the American farmer." It was the
burden of nearly all current comment
that no one had ever grasped the facts
of the market more Intelligently.
What young Leiter did was to pur
chase on borrowed money contracts re
quiring delivery of 35,000,000 bushels.
He sold a part, as Sully did of his,
and even after the 10th of May had
$5,000,000 clear paper profit to his credit.
On June- 13 he confessed Insolvency.
TJhe consumer had refused to keep on
buying, ¦ but the corner manipulator
could not stop. His creditors, therefore,
found a way to make him do so. In
1898, as in 1904, news of -.he . failure
was called a "bolt from the blue." For
twenty-four hours no one could under
stand it. After that Interval, however,
every one remembered that he had pre
dicted It all along. . ?'3 y &?»
With Leiter, as with his more recent
Imitator in another market. It could be
said that he showed a fair comprehen
sion' of the conditions of- supply, very
great misunderstanding of the nature of
demand, and total inability to distin
guish the proper limits of the use of
credit. The moral Is so old that noth
ing; but a sensational case in point can
interest the ¦ trained observer In it. —
New Tork Evening Post.
The "Wheat King" of 1898 and the
"Cotton King" or
tool.
Otto. Streit Would Separate From His
Wife — Florence Ledgett Given
a Decree.
OAKLAND. May 14.— Alexander C.
Barrie of Berkeley has brought an ac
tion for divorca against his wife. A
few weeks ago he was the defendant In
a similar action brought by Eliza A.
Barrie, who charged him with cruelty
and alleged that he had confined- her
in an insane asylum. Judge Ogden
held that she- was mentally irrespon
sible and now Barrie asks for a sep
aration on the ground of desertion.
Suit for divorce was begun to-dav by
Otto Streit, who conducts a saloon at
Eleventh and Franklin streets, against
Annie Streit on the ground of cruelty.
They have a family of children, but
the parents have numerous difficulties,
some of which have taken them both
into the courts.
A decree of divorce was granted to
Florence Ledsett by Judge Ogden to
day from Harry J. Ledgett on the
j gjcund of willful neglect. She was
- also -allowed $23 a month and was given
permission to resume her maiden name
of Florence Gleisner.
THE INSTRUCTIVE STORY
OF TWO "MARKET LEADERS."
BARRIES TO APPEAR IN
ANOTHER DIVORCE SUIT
The Spreckels tug? Dauntless, Cap
tain Shea, returned yesterday from
Siuslaw. She left here May 9 with the
schooners Oakland and Sacramento in
tow and on Friday left her charges
off Siuslaw. In spite of the fact that
the trip north was made in the teeth
of a' stiff northwester, the Dauntless
made good time.
Tows Schooner to Slnslaw.
OAKLAND, May 14.— The charge
against Frank Mendoza of cattle steal
ing has been, dropped from the calen
dar. He has been tried four times for
the offense and it is not believed by
the District Attorney that the prosecu
tion can secure a conviction.
Charges Are Dismissed.
It would seem from an account given
by a Kansas man that the Mexican
bull fight is considerable of a bluff,
that it does not require the skill, cour
age and agility to be a bull fighter that
most have believed. Frank Dibert of
Eureka was visiting in El" Paso and
went to a bull fight across the lines of
Juarez. For the Eureka Messenger he
writes a full description of what he
saw, concluding as follows:
"During the two hours' oort six
horses and seven bulls were engaged In
the fight and two horses and three bulls
were killed and quickly dragged from
the ring by a mule team. The eques
trian part of the sport was a roaring
farce, very much like Don. Quixote's
fight with the windmill. In the last
round of the bull fight an American
feature was Introduced that nearly took
our breath. An outer gate was thrown
open and free admission given to a
hundred boys ranging from 12 to 18
years of age, mostly El Paso kids. The
boys did not wait to enter the inner
gates leading to the arena, but swarm
ed over the fences into the bull ring
from every side. A fresh bull met the
boys in the center and semed dazed at
the dare-devil spirit of the American
kid. This was a feature of the bull
fight not advertised, and of which I
had never heard. However, the boys
exhibited more bravery and fearless
ness in tackling the big, wild, wiry
bull than the armef and trained bull
fighters.' They had no weapons but
their wamusacs and sombreros, with
which they teased and" pelted the bull.
Some of the smaller kids pulled the
bull's 1 tail, while others went close in
front and threw their coats over his
horns. They finally worried the bull so
much that he ran to the gate and bawl
ed to get out. The boys then actually,
called to the manager and pleaded for
a fresher and wilder bull." — Kansas
City Journal.
Swarmed Through the Gate, Over the
Fence, and Mnde Animal
"Weary. •
VENTURESOME BOYS
IN THE BULL RING.
OAKLAND. May 14.— The horae,
wagon and harness stolen yesterday
from A. Bruschini, a vegetable peddler,
were recovered to-day by the police.
The horse and harness had been sold
by the thief to S. J. Parsons of 860
Twenty-sixth street and the wagon
was found in the possession of Joe
Lemos of Moraga Valley.
Stolen Outfit Recovered.
Chief Officer Harry Gaukroger of the
steamship Doric leaves to-day on the
City of Puebla for Victoria to visit his
mother who resides at the British Col
umbia city. The Doric will make an
unusually long stay in port, not leav
ing for the Orient until June 1. This
gives Mr. Gaukroger an opportunity
for which he has been looking for
some time as, although the distance
between here and Victoria Is compara
tively short, the Doric's sojourns in
port have also been brief.
Will Sail on Puebla.
President Fitzgerald Appoints Four
Committees Which Will Act Dur
ins thr Coming Year.
OAKLAND. Mav 14.— The board of
directors of the Reliance Athletic Club
adopted a resolution »at the last meet
ing authorizing the president and sec
retary of the club to renew the lease
cm the present quarters under condi
tions specified by the owners of the
buildfng.
' President Fitzgerald has announced
the following committees for the year:
Finance committee — Felton Taylor,
P. J. Cadogan, G. R. Lukens, Paul J.
Schaffer.
Exhibition — Felton Taylor, P. J.
Cadogan.
House committee — "Walter B. Faw
cett, Paul J. Schafer, PhilH. Rosen
heim of the board of directors and
Dr. C. S. "Weston and C. M. Davis
from the club members at large.
Entertainment — E. A. Magill, chair
man, with instructions to appoint two
other members on his committee.
RELIANCE CLUB RENEWS
LEASE ON QUARTERS
PETALUMA. May 14.— Twelve hun
dred people, about four hundred of
whom came from San Francisco, •at
tended the c-pening day's racing of the
Jockey Club meet to-day at Kenilworth
Park. The track was in good condi
tion and the card was run off with
dispatch. Horace Egbert was presid
ing judge. C. J. Jeffries of Spokane,
"Wash., associate Judge; F. E. Mulhol
land, starter, and S. J. McGibben, clerk
of scales. The following bookmakers
had charge of the betting: George
Rose, W. P. MacGrane, Paul Ridley
and H. L. Jones.
G. Bullman, brother of the famous
jockey, J. Bullman, now with August
Belmont.won his first race on Nullah.
Jockey ' Gregory was ruled off the
track for life for the alleged pulling of
Sea Air in the second. Tbe races start
ed promptly at 1:15 and the six events
were finished at 4 p.m. The winning
of George P. McNear, Harry Stover's
Petaluma horse, created enthusiasm
among the local people present. The
events resulted as follows:
First race, selling, purse $300, six fur
longs — Nullah (104) first. Step Around
(102) second, Chileno (106) third. Time,
1:15%;
Second race, purse $200, four fur
longs—George P. McNear (108) first,
Sea Air (105) second, Light of Day (105)
third. Time MS*;.
Third race, selling, purse $200, one
mile— Leash (107) first, Flourish (US)
second, Searcher (118) third. Time,
race, purse $200, five furlongs
— Albemarle (114) first, Mimo (114) sec
ond. Suburban Queen (112) third. Time,
1:02%:
Fifth race, selling, purse $200, six
furlongs— The Pride (113) first. Dr.
Sherman (111) second, The Lieuten
ant (94) third. Time, 1:15%.
Sixth race, selling, purse $200, x>ne
mile— Tannbauser (98) first, Judge
Voorhles (105) second, Moor (US) third.
Time, 1:43%.
Jockey Gregory Is Ruled Off the Track
for Life for Alleged Pulling
of Sea Air.
LARGE CROWD ATTENDS
FETALUMA RACE MEET
BERKELEY, May 14.— Walter E.
Hawley, the university student who
confessed to the embezzlement of $550
from his employers, Mikkelsen & Berry,
and then saved himself from prosecu
tion by promising to repay the money,
left town on the 6:35 o'clock lc-cal train
this morning, bound for his home in
Los Angeles. He was accompanied by
his mother, who came from Los An
geles-to help him out of his trouble.
Hawley expects to take a position in
New Mexico.
Hawlcy Quits Berkeley.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alameda, Captain Dowdell. sailed
yesterday for Honolulu with a full
cargo and passengers, among whom
were the following named:
J. B. Agasslz, Leonard G. Browne,
Miss Grace M. Cooke, T. H. Desbrow,
J. D. Kennedy. A. Popple, J. Suther
land Ross. Miss A. R. Thompson, Ira
"Wells, Miss Laura "Wells. "Ward "Wells,
Harry Cushman. M. Xalrer, Mrs. L.
Rider, G. R. Robinson, A. A. Bartlett.
M. Salis, Marquis Tavares. G. W.
Schriver, A. Kunst and M. Ahe.
Liner Alameda Sails.
The Gordon Ftolss, accompanied by Mrs. W.
6. Ray and her eon Fred Ray, will leave for
\ht Yowrnlte Valiey within the month. Fred
Ray will N» among the graduates at the uni
versity next Wednesday and will also receive
his commission as a major of the college
militia.
The •'bridge" rartv cfven by Miss William
Hamilton Morrison Thursday evening Is said
to ha\-e been a. delichtful kucccsp. notwith
standing the intricacies of the rxm» and Its
newness to Oaklander*. Mr. and Mr*. Mor
rison are ideal entertainers, however. and
know how to make th^lr guests enjoy them
selves. Mr». William G*er Hitchcock of New-
York w«m the honored guest. She was for
"merly Miss Cassle Drum and Is a sister of
Miss Sarah Drum.
Mf*. Nicholson is planning to entertain In
honor-' of two fcrmer schoolmates, Mrs.
Crelgh»on Carmine and Mrs. George Martin.
Mrs. Curmlno. before her marriage to lieu
tenant Carmine, was Minnie Campbell and nhe
Is paying a visit to her old home after a long
absence. Mrs. Martin Is also naying her
flr« vlirlt to Oakland In nine years. She is a
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Bates and
since *>er murriasre with Dr. Martin has re
sided In Berlin.
The two largest even** for next week are
the evening concert of the Wednesday Morn
ins: Musical dub and Mr*. I. E. Nicholson's
card party. The Wednesday Morning Includes
more than a hundred members npw. and as
each will be entitled to bring two guerts
the Eb*H ro-:m«. where the concert takes
place, are likely to be more than comfortably
filled." Some of the best musicians in town
¦b*lon*"to this club, and 8k several of the?e
"best" art to participate In the programme It
will b» wc!l worth while to accept an Invita
tion.
At tbe conclusion of the programme re
freshments were- served by the. r-oste.«s and
the youne ladies who had assisted in the
evening's tnt6rtr.Inment.
Song. Mirs Jennie Hinds ot Pan Francisco;
piano solo. Ml!»« Bltvens of Ran Francisco;
reading. Miss Ij»ura Price: ron«r. Edward Hill;
rorn«t solo. Miss El«le Cahlll: piano *olo.
Miss Myrtle Maxwell: sor.K. Mirs Winifred
Wilson.
A musicale for the benefit of the Flrrt Bap
tist Church In Alameda was planned by Urs.
H. W. Haslam. h»r home on Alameda avenue
being thrown open for the event last Tues
day evening. Half a hundred guests enjoyed
a very pleasing programme, which was as
follow*:
Mrs. Tale xra* a«f)*ted in entertaining bv
her daurhters. Mrs. Wilton V. Bailey and
Miss Enid Yale. The club members present
were Mrs. E. J. Barrett, Mr*. E. B. Beck.
Mr*. Q. A. Chase. Mrs. G. W. Cook. Mrs. A.
F. ' Coffin. Mrs. J. A. Foljrer. Mrs. Andrew-
Fine, Mrs. E. A. Heron. Mrs. Samuel Hub
bard.-Mrs. Frank I. Kendall. Mr*. Gordon M.
Stolr, Mrs. F. E. Welles and Mr*. John
Tule. The substitutes were Mrs. Arthur Crel-
Hn. Mrs. C. Minor Goodall. Mrs. Edward
r&lmer. Mrs. Sam BrecJt and Mrs. Louis
Tashelra.
When the prises had been awarded. Mrs.
Fine and Mrs. Palmer being the lucky ones, the
twenty guests -were seated at one beautifully
decorated table In the dining-room, where
ices and other dainties were served.
The last meeting of the Wheelock Club yes
terday afternoon was an elaborate affair an«l
made particularly enjoyable by the originality
of the hostess, Mrs. Charles O. Yale. The
picturesque residence on Vernon Heights was
fragrant with spring blossoms— white haw
thorn In the drawing-room and great red
popples and red hawthorne In the hall an4
"den" giving a pleasing touch of color to the
rich furnishings. The score cards carried out
a clever Idea of the hostees and were unique
mementoes of a happy occasion. A wheel
and a Tale lock were art'^'cally. combined on
each card, forming- a monogram of the names
o: the hostess and the club.
The hostess had thouKhtfulIy provided
against disaster, however, and a rabbit's foct
swayed prot*ctlng-ly from the chanaelier. Mr*.
Mygatt must have had a rabbit « loot in her
I-xKet, for ehe carried off the prlie. '
Among those who enjoyed the original aft
ernoon were Mrs. \V. K. Sharon, itrt. C. D.
Gilman. Mrs. Edward Engf, Mrs. H. C My
ratt, Mrs. Wlckham Havens, Mrs. Florence
Wins;. Mrs. Henry Bratnober, Mrs. J T. \V.
Kanaall. Mrs. H. C. Capwell, Mrs. Harry
Thoma*. Mrs. Harry Maxwell, Mrs. William
House, Mrs. S. M. Gilman and Mrs. J. B.
Richardson.
Red roses filled every uook of the dining
room, where a light luncheon was s«rved, and
lent a vivid bit of colur to the table, whereon
a jjreat stuffed owl blinked wisely at a circle
of d&nclnc skeletons.
OAKLAND. May 14.— Mrs. George Sterling,
¦who Is a clevtr member of the Piedmont
Whist Club and who generally plans "some
thing different" on her day to entertain, took
her cue yesterday from the tact that it was
Friday and the 13th of the month. Bad luck
¦tories whiled away the Intervals between
games and the ncores were kept on cards on
which snake*, ckulls, owls and other emblems
of witchcraft were sketched In water colors.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
EVENTS IN bOCIETY
In speaking of the conditions pre
vailing in the interior Sheriff Bishop
said:. "I found nothing to criticize in
the work of any of my deputies, and
the conditions in the Interior towns
are perfectly* satisfactory. The officers
are as a rule well liked and have little
difficulty in keeping the peace without
trouble. My only reason for Inspect
ing the offices of the deputies is that
they may not become lax In the per
formance of their duties."
Sheriff John N. Bishop has inaugu
rated a system of semi-annual inspec
tions of the towns and districts in the
Interior of the county which are un
der the immediate jurisdiction of his
deputies and he has Just returned from
a trip through the county. The Sheriff
holds that as the policing of the great
er part of Alameda County- devolves
upon the Sheriff's office the work of
the deputies should be kejVt up" to the
highest possible standard. He be
lieves that this can be best ac
complished by a personal, inspection,
and to this end has \ introduced the
new system.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 14.
The public schools of Berkeley and
Emeryville will close on Santa Fe day,
but the Oakland Board of Education
has decided not to close the schools,
owing to the fact that the following
Wednesday is a holiday. The mem
bers of the City Council have accepted
the invitation of the committee to at
tend the reception in a body, and in
vitations have been extended to for
mer Mayor Barstow and the members
of the Council which granted the
franchise to the Santa Fe to be pres
ent.
The members of the Santa' Fe day
committee leading the big floral pa
rade will start from Eighth and
Broadway at 9:30 o'clock and the pro
cession will follow the line of march
out Broadway to San Pablo avenue
and thence to the Santa Fe depot, ar
riving there in time to meet the in
coming train. The parade will be met
at Thirty-sixth street by the Emery
ville committee, which will act as a*i
escort. Speeches will be made at the
depot.
After the speaking the march will
be continued to Park avenue and down
that thoroughfare to the race track,
where the parade will be reviewed and
the prizes awarded, after which the
athletic events, automobile and bicycle
races will be held. Admission to the
track Is free to every one and the
committee in charge of the celebra
tion is making preparations to handle
a big crowd.
When the first. Santa Fe train to en
ter Oakland pulls into the new depot
at Fortieth street and San Pablo ave
nue it will be greeted with a reception
that should assure the officials of the
company who will be on board that the
entrance of another transcontinental
road into this city is thoroughly ap
preciated by its citizens. Bands will
play, the incoming train will be re
ceived with a bombardment of flowers
and speeches of welcome will be deliv
ered by the Governor, several city -and
county officials and a number of prom
inent citizens of Oakland. Captain A.
H. Payscn, assistant to the president
of the Santa Fe, and another official
will respond on behalf of the company.
The first train, which will be known
as No. 41 regular, will leave . Point
Richmond at 10:20 and will reach this
city at 10:35 a, m. On board the initial
train will be the following officials of
the Santa Fe Company: A. G. Wells,
general manager; W. A. Burrell. gen
eral traffic manager; J. J. Byrne, gen
eral passenger agent; Ed Chambers,
general freight agent; F. J. Shepard,
general superintendent; R. B. Barrows,
chief engineer; W. B. Stacey, assistant
engineer; A. H. Payson, assistant to
the president; J. W. Walker, district
superintendent: T. Tuttle, train master,
and Mr. Harlow, division master me
chanic. /
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 14.
OAKLAND, May 14. — Congressman
Victor H. Metcalf arrived at his home
here from "Washington this evening
greatly Improved In health after his
recent illness. Both he and Mrs. Met
calf express themselves as being de
lighted to get back and are in the best
of spirits. They were at St. Louis for
a few days to view the World's Fair
and speak In high praise of the show
ing that Alameda County has made
there by its display.
Congressman Metcalf was very tired
after his Journey, but he found time to
say that the last session of Congress
had not been without results and that
next year would see the fruits borne
by the work which had been done. In
speaking of the improvement of Oak
land harbor he said: "Senator Per
kins and myself have the assurance
of General McKenzie, chief engineer
of the War Department, of an addi
tional survey of the harbor calling
for a depth of 25 feet by 500 feet in
width to Fulton street. This means a
great deal for Oakland, aa it will ad
mit of deep water ships coming right
up to our wharves. The work now
under way will be continued until we
can get another appropriation next
winter.
"At St. Louis I was specially In
terested in Alameda County's exhibit
and cannot say too strongly of what
has been done there. California has
one of the most striking displays in
the Liberal Arts building. Of course
Kansas and Missouri have made spe
cial effort*, but California will hold
its own."
Simon, with a number of compan
ions, had been spending New Year's
night drinking in the saloons of Lorin.
Shortly after midnight they engaged
in a Quarrel over unionism and All
eeits was shot. He afterward recov
ered. None of the witnesses, how
ever, were able to give a clear account
of who was to blame for the affair and
after spending two days in listening
to the testimony Judge Melvin brought
the trial to a close this afternoon.
Otto Simon was acquitted this after
noon of the shooting of Meinrath All
seits. Judge Melvin held that the tes
timony was of such a contradictory
character that legally there was no
ground for a conviction.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. ' 1118 Broadway, May 14.
The burglar practices the same dis
crimination at all his visit* He got
into Hoessli's place last night by pry
ing open a window that leads Into the
billiard-room. It was easy then to
abstract goods from beneath the coun
ter and escape with them. The rob
bery was not discovered until the pro
prietor arrived this morning to open
his Ftore.
The police are of the opinion that
the burglar is familiar with the town
and the places he robs. He is sup
posed to be the man at whom Officer
George Thompson took a shot one
night a month aco.
A burglar with an appetite for good
cigars and meerschaum pipes is mak
ing his headquarters at Berkeley Just
now. A while ago he helped himself
to S1C0 worth of smokers* supplies
from W. R. Wright's cigar store
last right he became bolder and walk
ed off with J200 worth of stuff from
C. R. Hoessli's tobacco emporium on
Fhstturk avenue. Tills burglar is fas
tidious. He takes only the choicest
« igars and pipes, and his victim says
The whole loot could be carried off in
one armful.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. May 14.
SPOKANE. Wash., May 14. —
Prompt action by Engineer Hooper in
the Evolution mine at Osburn, Idaho.
saved three miners from death by flre
at an early hour this morning. The
miners were working in a shaft 130
feet below the surface when a flra
broke out from the firebox, of the
boiler located in a shafthouse cover
ing the open shaft. Engineer Hooper
discovered the fire, which communi
cated itself in a few seconds to the
shafthouse. He gave the signal to the
underground men to come to the sur
face and stood at his post managing
the hoist until the men reached the
top, when all rushed from the now
rapidly burning building. There wa»
no time to save anything and had the
engineer attempted to extinguish the
flames before signaling the men below
they would have perished. The shaft
house, blacksmith shop and much of
the timbering of the. mine was con
sumed. Loss $4000. no insurance.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
The class of '79 was entertained this even-
Ing at the home of Governor Pard*e in Sac
ramento. A dinner was served and a large
number of the class, of, which Governof I'ar
dee wm one, ware present.
A blf delegation from the Youns Women's
Christian Association left on the afternoon
train for Capttola to attend the annuat con
ference of college women" s associations. The
conference will begin with an opening address
this evening by M«ss Bertha Conde, national
secretary for the college women's associations.
It will continue every dsy until next Sunday
and many notable people will be present.
The seniors will visit , the usual places on
the campus during the pilgrimage on class
day, Monday morning. Richard O'Connor will
sptak at the Le Conte oak. Scott Hendrlcks at
the senior oak. Max Thelen at South Hall.
Edwin Roadhouse at the agricultural building.
Miss Tallulah Le Conte at Hearst Hall, J. K.
Neighbor at the chemistry building. Hamilton
Fletcher at the mining building. Miss Martha
Rlcf at the library. Edward Abenheim at the
mechanics' building: and PWlip Carey at North
Hall.
Invocation, Rev. Carroll Melvin Davis, '79:
hymn; "The Relation of Biology to Modern
Life," Herbert McLean Evans, college of
natural sciences; "Chivalry In the Legal Pro
fession," Fred Louis Dreher. '01, Hastings Col
lege of the Law;"The College Life of Women."
Elizabeth Cecelia A nielli, college of letters:
"The Educative Character of Medical Study."
George Asa Harker, medical department;
"Practical Leadership," Max Thelen, college
of social sciences;' delivery of military com
missions, the Governor of California; award
of the university medal and conferring of de
grees, the president of the university; chorus,
"America."
BERKELEY. May 14.— The programme for
the commencement exercises, which ,ar« to
occur In the Greek Theater ot 10:30 o'clock
oa Wednesday mornlnc will be as follows:
Congressman Speaks Hope
fully of What Is Yet to Be
Done for Coast by Law
Police Think Him the Man
Who Looted Other Places
in the Business District
Men Would Have Perished
in the Lower Levels but
for His Heroic Conduct
Dazed With Liquor, Accused
Does Not Remember the
New Year's Eve Fracas
Communities Are Law Abid
ing and Deputies Experi
ence but Little Trouble
The Big Floral Parade Will
Start From Eighth "and
Broadway at Early Hour
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
CONDITIONS ARE GOOD
HARBOR TO BE IMPROVED
SPEECHES AND MUSIC
3IAKES A BRAVE FIGHT
ENTERS BY THE WINDOW
TESTIMONY NOT CLEAR
People Will Greet First
Train as a -Messenger of
Progressive New Era
Engineer Remains at Post
When Fire Breaks Out to
Hoist Them From Shaft
Eeturns to Alameda County
With Praises for Its Good
Display in St. Louis
Burglar With Penchant for
Weed Takes §200 Worth of
Goods From Berkeley Store
Otto Simon Is Freed of
Charge of Shooting Mein
rath Allseits at Lorin
flakes Semi- Annual Inspec
tion of All the Interior
Towns of Alameda County
FILLS POCKETS
WITH TOBACCO
JUDGE ORDERS
AN ACQUITTAL
SANTA FE DAY
WILL BE GREAT
SAVES LIVES
OF MINERS
SHERIFF BISHOP
WELL PLEASED
METCALF SEES
WORLD'S FAIR
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY' 15; 1904.
Everything moves faster on a down
grad.-; especially a fast young man.
There, is no- reason why a girl
shouldn't set her cap for a c. .-italist. •
; The result of. a cricket match in Mel
bourne was cabled to London, 17,000
miles, through nine relays, in two arid
a half 'minutes.
The baseball team of the Palo Alto
High School defeated the Lick team
yesterday afternoon on the Presidio
athletic grounds: diamond In the final
game for the Athletic
League championship. The score was
1 6 to 4 In favor of the visitors from
the south. The game was the visitors'
Xrom the first inning to the last.
Defeat Baseball Team of Lick High
School After a Decidedly
One-Slded Game.
PALO ALTO PLAYERS VTIS
FINAL' GAME OP LEAGUE
40
" CUB, THE STORY OF A CAT,'
By Albert Sonnlchsen.
Sounds Humorous, Doesn't It?
Bat There Is the Most Dramatic
Strain Ever Introduced Into
a Story Runs All
Through. It.
XEXT SUXDAY CALL.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
j BERItELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
¦. Telephone Alnmeda 4502.
Progress, the watchword of
Alameda County. U manifested
hi increasing land values.
Our SUBURBAN REALTY
COLUMNS contain bargains tor
you to consider.BAGS — Grain Bags.' 5«>»c spot and 5%c June-
Julv San Quentin. $5 40; Wool Bags. 32@35c;
Fleece Twine, 768c.
COALr-WtUington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. »»: Seattle. $6 50: Eryant. $0 50; Bea
ver Hill. $6; Stanford $7; Hoslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 60; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 r.0: Cumberland, $13 in bulk and $14 25 In
sacks' Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg -$14*
iA>lsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $S 50 per ton: Coke. $11 5O@13
per ton In bulk and $1R in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descrlpticns. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 SO
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c: Linseed. 40c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1, 70c:
Bakers' A A. $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 45c for boiled
an.1 43c for raw: China Nut. 60@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, t»Sc; natural winter Sperm OIL C3c; extra
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK. May 14.— Money en cal! was
nominal; no loans. Time loans were firm*
•lxty days, 2% per cent; ninety days, 2K per
cent; «Ix months. 3>$ per cent. Sterling ex
change was steady, with actual business In
barker*' bills at $4.SKK>34.87 for demand and
at J4.85 for alxty days. Potted rate*. $4 g"iSi
64 86 and $4 SS. *
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Stocks— Sale*. Uiirh. Loir. Close
Atchl»on 3.SOO CS'i c$i: egti
Atrhison Dfd . . 100 82li 82Vi 8*>
Baltimore & Ohio. 2,100 7SH 77>i 77*;
Belt & Ohio pfd . po?
Canadian Pacific... 200 116^ UVA 11«H
Ccn of N'w Jerwjr j£7
Chesapeake & Ohio BOO 29^4 23U 2f«U
Chicago & Alton 37^
Chi & Alton pfd SOU
Cfcl A Gt Wettern. 300 14H 14»i 143?
CM A N "W 100 170 170 I7O
Cfcl Mil A Et Paul S.100 133T4 138% 133IX
Chi Mfcft Taul urd ksjx
Chi Terra & Tran* 8
Oh! Ter & T pfd 18
CCCtStL 100 O 69 69
Colorado Southern. 400 15 15 15
Colo South let pfd 200 S2 62 Sl%
Colo S 2d pfd 100 20>-i 20% 20%
"Delaware & Hudson 1.-.5
Dels. Lark A West 269
Denver & Rio Or. 100 I814 i»«4 it»%
n^a A B O pfd... 100 C7% 67H CT
Erie 12.700 23 22 ¦ 22
Erife I*t pfd 5.700 <S0% 58^ 691;
Eri» 23 pfd 500 30 34U SS
Hocktnc Valley.... 100 C4% 64T« 61
Hocking Val pfd 7««4
IllincU Central 700 129 129 120
low* Central • .... 17%
;>¦««, o-itrtJ uM 34
Kansas Sity South 17%
Kan City South pfd 200 3S% 35% 3SV4
TxU-f&Nash TOO 107 106.% 1<M%
Manhattan L 1.000 142% 142H 142%'
M'tropol Pectiritle* 75
Metroprl St Ry 3.7<)0 111 110 110%
Minn A ft I/iui* 42
Vinn S P&PSt-M COO <.\% Cl *l\
MS PAS «• M Ffd 118
»!i««uri Pacific... 2,100 K>% 83 Kfltf
*Io Kan & Texas 10
KoEtT pfd.... 100 ZC% S6«; 35U
Arresting Order Stands.
The motion to vacate the order for
the arrest of George Panyot. the milk
dealer who was arrested at Tehachapl
for embezzling the funds he recelvai
for the sale of a milk ranch in which
he was a joint owner with Louis and
Nick Panyot, was denied by Judge
Hebbard yesterday and the prisoner's
bonds were fixed at J1200, the amount
he is said to have sent by cable to
Greece alter maktns the sale.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 4©«4c •¦ per lb;
Rhubarb, 40@50c for bay and 50f§<J5c per box
for San Jose; Green Peas, S5c@$l 25; Garden
Peas. 2®24c per lb; String Beans. 3@7c per Ihj
Wax Beans. 6ff8c per 'lb: Tomatoes SI 50®
2 per. box or c.rate for Los Angeles and $1 80
@2 f«f-MexIcans: Summer Squash, 75c@$l 25
per box;' Cabbage. $1 50 per ctl; Carrots,
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. $1 35
Gl 50 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 40*31 CO
prr ctl: River Reds. $1@1 10 per ctl; .small
Oregon Burbank* for seed. $1 2501 35 per ctl:
new Potatoes. 14€?24c per lb..
ONIONS — AUFtrallan Yellow. $4 50©5 per
ell: new Red. $1 25@1 45 per sack; new Green,
25Si40c per box. \
Receipts of vegetables included 1509 boxes
of Asparagus. 31C boxes or Rhubarb and 1C87
sacks of Peas. _ .-¦ *
Oregon Potatoes continued to arrive freely
and the market was quiet and weak with
buytrs holding: off In hopes of forcing holders
to reduce their quotations. The latter were
firm in their views, and, predicting a better
market, refused to concede to buyers. Strict
ly fancy lots of new Potatoes brought a slight
advance, but the market -generally waa weak,
despite some inquiry for shipping. Red
Onlorut were also in demand for shipment to
Puget Sound, but as receipts were very heavy,
prices had a further decline.
Nearly all descriptions of miscellaneous
vegetables were in free supply and prices ot
most kinds stood as previously quoted. Local
trade ¦ was brisk, as usual on Saturday and
there was a steady * Inquiry for shipment on
the Puget Sound steamer, to-day. The
canners were paying 44®5c per pound for As
paragus and cleaned up surplus stocks. They
were also buying Peas at the minimum quota
tion.
Potatoes, 'Onions and Vegetables.
CHICAGO,* May 14. — Cash Quotations were
as follows: Flour, dull and easy; win
ter patents. $4 70®4 80: straights. $4 40
@4 60; spring patents. $4 30®4 60; straights.
$3 00ii4 10: bakers', $2 65@3 30; No. 2
•spring wheat, 00® 94c; No. 3, '85®
98c; No. 2 red, SI 03@l 05; No. 2 com, 48^®
49; No. 2 yellow, 524@53c; No. 2 oats, 42Hfi>
424c; No. 3 white, 41Vj®«Hc; No. 2 rye, 73c;
good feeding barley, 3."f/38c; fair to choice
malting. 45® 56c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 01; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 09; prime timothy seed, $3;
mess pork, per bbl. $11.10@ll 124; lard, per
100 lbs. $6 25@6 30; short ribs sides (loose).
S>> 124@6 2S; short clear sides (boxed), $S 256$
6 50: -whisky, basis of high wines, $1 2S;
clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel! 91,500 8.000
Wheat, buchels 31,000 34.100
Corn, bushels 67.700 317.000
Oats, bushels ..• 146.500 12S.300
Rye. bushels 6,400 1.700
Barley, bushels 30,800 39,400
Cash Grain and Provisions.
New York Money Market.
Money — lU 8 Steel 34
Call loans 233% Do pfd 54%
Time loans 3^4 W»«t'hous<» Com.. "7
Bonds — Mining —
Atrhison adj 4s.. 90% Adventure 1%
Do 4s 100 Allouez 4%
Mexican Cea 4i.. C5 Amalgamated .... 49"H
Railroads-- American Zinc... 94
AtchUon W"J Atlantic 74
Do pfd 92 Blngham 1. 20*;
Boston * Albany. 243 Calumet A Heel a. 4 r,r.
Boston A Maine. .1664 Centennial -94
Boston Elevated.. M0 Copper Range.... 43
Fltchburg Pfd 13* Daly West 22
Mexican Central.. 6% Dominion Coal.... C6
N Y. Nil A H...187 Franklin 7^
Prre Marquette.. 79 Grancy .*?>(,
Union Pacific... S2% Isle Royale flf,
Miscellaneous— Mans Mining 3%
Am Ante Chem.. 14 Michliran :. 4
Do pfd 724 Mohawk 38T4
Am Surar 12**4 Mont Coal A Coke. 34
Do pfd 126y]Old Dominion 124
Am Tel A Tel... 128 (Osceola 56
Am Woolen lOtJlParrot 24
Do pfd 74UlQuincy so
Dominion I & 8. 10%l Shannon 7U
Ed lEec Ilium. ..235 (Tamarack V. 944
General Electric. 155 ITrlnlty 3«i
Mass Electric IR-*in P Mining 20
Do pfd B04JTT S Oil 9
Mass Gas 30«4lTTtah 33T,
United Fruit 1 00 %| Victoria 3
Un Shoe Mach... BO IWinona 6
Do pfd 29 j
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Ml descriptions remain as before Most
kinds are quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 4032 55; p ea S2 90®
3 10; Butters. $3@3 50; small White', S2 «0tt
3 10; large White, $2 50^2 65: Pink *:¦ 45«i
3 55; Red. $4 60@4 75: Lima, $3 2503* 30: Red
Kidneys. $4 50i@4 75: Blackeye. $1 0002 10 per
ctl; Horse Beans. $2@2 50. *^
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. *4{t4 25; Yellow
Mustard, $3@3 25; Flax. $1 S0U1 B0; Canary.
r>\i<85%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. HVi'glCc; Rape.
l$ij|2c: Timothy. C©64c: Hemp, 34@4c per
lb; Millet. 3®34c; Broom Corn Seed. $20<&21
per ton.
¦ DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $3 per ctl: Nlles,
$3 25; Green Peas, $3@3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Hom> P Co. — 14 JUR In Co pfd 43 —
L k. 3 F Bk. — 60 I Do com.... 9 —
SALES.
Morning Session,
Street— _
$2000 United R R of S F 4s 73 23
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock, and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 191 150 Mexican 1 9A
10O Belcher 33 200 Ophlr 5 5O
200 Con C A Va.l 5OI 40O Sierra Nev .. 47
10O Gould A Cur. 20| 200 Union Con .. €»
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the aales on tho Paciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 20| 200 Mexican ...1 »7H
300 Belcher 33 1 300 Mexican 2 0O
10O Caledonia. ... 63 100 Ophlr 5 50
lOOO Chollar 21 100 Potosl 17
lOO Chollar 2O| loo Potosl IS
100 Con C A Va.l 55 300 Potosl 19
200 Con C & Va.l 30 10O Sierra Nev .. 50
500 Con N T . . 03 300 Sierra Xev . . 47
5CO Gould tc Cur. 20 200 Union Con . . 71
200 Mexican 1 95: 100 Union Con .. 72
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Follo-wlns wer» the sales on th« San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
10000 MaeNamara 20] 100 Ton Belmont. V 79
C2C0 MaeNamara . 19| 230 Ton Belmont.. ta
350 Mont Ton..l 6241 100 Ton Belmont.. 8»
100 Mont Ton ...1 65| SCO Ton Belmont.. «7
600 Rescue 06i 100 Ton N Star. . . 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. May 14 — 12 in-
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
A i o v a 10 llfjustlce 10 11
A pea ••••• 07 C 9 1Kentnc *t 03 ft*.
Andes' ".'." 19 21 1 1 -'• Grae«. . — 1 00
Belcher ..... 32 34ILady Wash .. — Ofi
Best A Belch.1 45 1 551 Mexican 1 90 2 00
Bullion ../• OS CO! Occidental ... 79 SI
Caledonia... 63 B6|Ophir 3 374 5 SO
Challenge Con 24 SOvmnu 2« 3«»
Hiollar 1» 21lPotosi 17 IS
£SnfiWe ...1151 •£; Scorpion W It
Con C A Va.l 45 1 55ISava«e 35 37
Con Imperial. 02 KUScg Belcher ..09 11
Con N Y ... <tt 041 Sierra Nev .. 47 4S
Crown Point. 22 241 Silver Hill . . 57 K>
East Sierra N 06 — 1st Louis 09 lrt
Eur»Va Con.. — 80; Syndicate .... 04 0<l
Excheauer .. 2* sofnion Con .. «t» '»
OoSld * Cur! 19 201 Utah OS Oft
Hale A Norc. «O «5t Yellow Jacket. 23 23
Julia, C5 071
TONOPAH MIXES.
Bld.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Colchan — 07!Rescti« 05 —
Esperanxa •• — 01! Ton Belmont.. «W 69
Gold Anchor. 20 30|Ton * Cal... 08 —
Oold M Con. C2 — Ton Cash Boy 08 —
Hannapah ... — lOllon Exten ..105 —
Little Ton .. 25 — iTon Gold M.. — 18
MacNamara . — 20|Ton of N«v ..3 » -
Mont Ton..l TO 1 624!Ton N Star.. M 27
Pine Grove .. 50 —ITon Midway.. SS 40
Ray Ton ... 11 "iTon & Calt L CO -
Ray <fc OBrlen 03 041 1
Hay dealers report that there is no call what
ever for new Hay at present, as there Is very
little feeding sit Butchertown, the cattle being
killed every day as fast as they come In New
volunteer Is used for stock Hay. and as most
of It Is used in Butchertown the absence of
the demand there reduces the use of It to al
m.-itt r.oUilng. The market for all descriptions
remains as before.
Bran and middlings are as firm as ever at
unchanged prices.
BRAN— $21$ 22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 50(829 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $21(922 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50^24 per
ton; Oilcake Me.al at the mill, $29 5O031-
Jobbing. $32: Cocoanut Cake. $22@23* Corn
Meal, $30 50®31 50; Cracked Corn. $310.r>
Mixed Feed. $21@22; Horse Beans.; $300
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctl
HAY— Wheat. $11015; Wheat and Oat $11®
14; Oat. $9912: Barley, nominal, 'stock
$i@10; Alfalfa. $9#11 per ton. '
STRAW — 50Q70c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Receipts continue large and the market for
all kinds is weak. Soft Hogs are particularly
weak and buyers have no use for them at the
moment.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— 7©74c for Steers and 5466Vic p«r
lb for Cows.
VEAL— -Large. "4©Sc; small. S'ieflc per
pound.
MUTTON — Wethers, 74SSc; Ewes. 6ii©74o
per lb.
LAMB— S'/a^Oc per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. C4«fOc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San FrancUco. lesa SO
pit cent for shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. t'4S*»%c; Cows and Heif
ers. «V>fe7c; thin Cows. 4fc5c per lb.
CALVES — *®44c per lb. (gross weight).
S11KEP — Wethers, 3%@4c; Uwes, 3$j3»,ie
per Ib (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 50@2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live* Hogs, 14« to 200 lbs, 5Uc;
over 200 lbs. 5Vic; soft Hogs. 4@44c;
Sow*. 20 P«r cent off; Boars. 50 per cent oft.
and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
Meat Market.
Previous prices rule for all kinds. Hops are
steadily held, but quiet. Hides and Wool are
moving off well at steady quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands cell
about V-€lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers *9Uc; medium. 84c; light. Sc; Cow
Hides.' 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
Uc; Salted Kip, 0c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf He; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip.' 13c; dry
Calfi 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c each;
short Wool. 40@t>5c each; medium. 70@90c: long
Wool $1@1 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and ?2«J2 50 for medium. $1 25© 1 75 for
small and SOc for Colts. Horse Hide*, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and SOc for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican 30c: dry Salted Mexican. 25c;' dry
Central American. 30@:t2%c. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. SOc;
tfiedlum 35c: email, 20c.
T\LL0W— No. 1 rendered. 4U@4}ic per lb;
No 2. 34@4c: grease. 2U@3c.
WOOL — Spring clip — San Joaquln and South,
cm 12 months'. 9®llc: do 7 months'. 8@10c
per' ib- Middle Counties. 12@lCc for free and
11 '(i 14o for defective: Northern. 15®17c for fre«
and 13@15c for defective; Nevada. 12{J15c. ac
cording to condition.
H OPS— 24@27o per lb for California. 1903,
and 171iti-*Jc for crop of 1004.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs-
Rye Flour. $a 60: Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50: extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buck
whiat Flour. $4 50<54 75; Cracked Wheat. $4;
Fanna, $4 00; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75:
Rolled Oats. bbls. $7 25(38 60; in sacks. $tj 75@
8 10: Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes $7-
Grten Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $t 80®
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70S5:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 853-1 25
per bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO, May 11.— A firm tone was mani
fest :-d in wheat at the opening, decreased ship
ments from Australia and reports of drouth
in the Danubian territory being largely re
sponsible for the improved sentiment. Initial
Bal^s on July were He lower to 4c higher at
Sa*46Slc. Shorts were fairly active bidders
at the start, but offerings were rather limited
and on that account a moderate advance In
prices was made. July sold up to S4Uc. The
weather was cool in the West, with light
fronts at many points and this had consider
able to do with the early firmness. A number
of -bearish reports were received from the
Southwest later in the day, causing quite gen
eral selling, under the influence of which July
declined to S34fcS3Hc. A rally followed
on covering by shorts, who were some
what disturbed over predictions of a liberal
decrease In the visible supply. The market
closed with an Inclination to firmness, final
quotations on July being at S't^SxS-Msc.
The early corn market was strong on an
active commission house demand, the large
cash business of yesterday, together with small
local receipts being the chief incentives to
buying. The market closed weak, with July
4c lower at 47Vt@47%c.
An easier feeling in oats late in the session
was due almost entirely to weakness in corn.
July oats closed »»c lower at 38H@38?gC.
Provisions were steady all day. July pork
closed a shade higher; lard 5c higher and ribs
were 24c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 90 90% 90 90ft
July, old 85 85% 84% 85
July, new 84 84>,i 83% 83%'
July, old 80^ 804 7934 80
tjeptember, new 79 79 !4 78% "*>?»
Corn No. 2 —
May 47U 47>4 46«4 46*4
July 47% 48>4 47»i 47%
September 47% 47% 46% 46%
Oats No. 2 —
May 41% 42 41% 41%
July 3S4 38% 38>i 36%
•September 304 30*i 30% 30%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 11 15 11 174 11 10 11 174
September U 40 11 40 11 324 11 37 4
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 6 374 6 424 6 374 6 424
September 6 524 6 574 6 624 6 574
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
July 6 374 MO . 6SS 6 40
September 6 524 6 524 6 50 6 52»i
Future Grain and Provisions.
Cottolene is >«c lower. There is no further
change In Hams. Bacon or Lard. The mar
kets are quiet everywhere.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 94c per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
134c for extra light and 15©16c for sugar
cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Cali
fornia Hams. 12'al24c; Mess Beef, $10®
10 50 "per bbl; extra Mess, S11S11 50; Family,
llitil- 5O 1 prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear.
$24- Mess, $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10c: Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 64c per lb for
compound and S4c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
8%c; 10-lb tins. UVic; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins.
94 c'
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8-Hc; three
half barrels S4c; one tierce. S?jc; two tierces,
8ViC. five tierces, SWc per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Bank Clearings. ':
Loca.1 Bank Clearings for the week .'ust end- ',
•d were $23. 785.557. against 5.30.O56.27." for I
the same week last >ear. shoeing a decrease !
'of $270.71C, The oiearir.ps during the same
week In IMC .were $27.94«,524.
Washington Crop Bulletin.
The report of G. N. Salisbury. Section Di
rector. United States Weathrr Bureau, for the
Washington Cro;> Bulletin, week ended May
10. is as follows:
The werk was unusually cool for the season.
ar4 !ight frosts were frequent In the cclder
localities. Showers occurred on several days
irf both the eastern and western counties.
The froets were not severe etioush to do any
"Serious Injury to fruit, but slightly damages
strawberries and *?.riy vegetables. The frost
of Af.rll 29-3<» Is found to have done consider
able injury to prunes and cherries In various
localities.
The weathT was not generally favorable
for arowth. because too cold, but grass and
winter wheat made satisfactory progress.
Early spring town wheat and oats grew
father slowly and lack cilor. The seeding of
spring whett and oats is nearly completed,
except on very low lands, and near the foJt
hl'.ls. where it is only half done. In general
it is three- fourths fiuif-hed. A cold, wet eoll
h*s delayed plowing, seeding and plantine. a«
v*H as retarded germination and Rrovrth. Early
potatoes have not made rapid j>refrress; som»
have not Kcrminat*-<1. Hops are about thr*e
to four f*et high, and are being trained. Ap
ple tTees are In heavy bloom. Warm weather
is greatly needed^hy all vegetation.
Weather Report.
< 120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN ntAXCIfiOQ, May 14—5 p. m.
Tilt FoUotrtBS are the seasonal rainfalls to
d«t<\ as omiiared with those of the same
date la*t s:accn and rainfall In last twenty
four huurt:
La*.t This Last
" ' Station? — 24 hours. Season. SeawJn.
Eureka <».««0 Cl.27 50.58
' Rid CJuff «».0<» 31.12 23.1.1
Sacramento O.ut 1G.S6 I6.«2
Franci*co «'.«ifi 20.59 lK.2h
Kr^-sno 0.<X> 6.04 8.50
Indesttndenoe Q.00 2.57 2.34
S'^n l^Ui* Obispo <•.<*• 1«.S9 1S.41I
.Los Anceios O.0<» S.72 19.29
S»in IMf-go O.O0 4.3O 11. C4
THE COAST RECORD.
• ~~ s 2 2 "3 « t
1 iimi ti 1
1 == == ==? Eg £
STATIONS. j 55 -ll »» ? "
: [ii'i ?
fi<ijier :;<t.<C .'.< 4« NW Clear .O»
.Carson 2SX! 72 40 W Clear .00
Eureka ."0.2fi M 50 N Clear .00
Fretn-i 23. K2 «V 52 NW Clear .00
S. E Farai:on.2"^.l«; 52 St NW Oear .f»>
i'iar*t*rr ss.hv 72 42 w Pt.cidy .00
Pfv-ate!!o 20. 7* 70 52 SW Clear Tr.
Ir.dep^ndtnce .2^».7O M *> NW CJear .W
Ixs Angele«..rJ>»i 70 5C W Pt.Cldy .00
SCt. Tams!paiF.ri. < .t2 70 4:» NW Clear .00
North Head ..30.2*? 54 4« j;w Pt.Cldy .04
Phoenix 2tt.<*0 '.ih fi4 S>W Clear .00
Pt. R-yeE Lt.r.«.'.«0 5-{ 47 NW Clear .00
Portland ."V>.22 <*) 50 NW Cloudy .01
' T>j*4r Bluff ...29.»»O M M K Clear .00
tlo*eburc -"5O.22 »t4 44 N Clear .00
Facramecto ..29.KS « » S Clear .00
• S«lt Lake 29.76 TMW N Cloudy .00
Fan Francisco 29.1*6 . . 4S W Clear .00
8. L. Obispo..23.00 .. 4* W Clear .00
Pan Diego ...2!».M W 5* SW Clear .00
Seattle .V».2O <« 46 NW Cloudy Tr.
Fpokane 23.9* «2 54 W Cloudy Tr.
Tatoosh TO. 22 f.2 48 SW Cloudy .02
Walla* Walla. W.«>4 t« R4 SW Clear .OO
. Minnetnucca .20.^6 RT 46 N%V Clear .<»
Vuma 29. «2 98 64 W Clear .00
WliATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
FORECAST.
Tlbe pres-jnire continues low orer the valley
cf tbe Colorado and h:-rh over Washington
and Ore»on. Stronr northerly winds are
blowinx alotiz tbe coast from San Francisco
fiCtrthward to C&o« Blanco.
A thunderstorm Is reported at Modeca.
The temt>eratare continues high In the In
terior of California, but has fallen about 10
<5e*?re«» In Northern Nevada.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eureka. 30 miles, from the north;
Point Reyes, «50, northwest; Southeast Farallon,
48. northwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
boars ending mldnlgrht. May 15:
Northern Calif omia — Fair Sunday; . freen
Oirtherly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Sunday;/ fresh
southerly winefs.
Nevaoa — Fair Sunday.
San. Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
light southerly winds in the morning; brick
westerly wlnCs In the afternoon.
' A. G. McADIE. Forecast Official.
NEW YORK. May 14.— Total imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at the port
of New York for the week ending to-day
were valued at $12.942,9SJ<.
Exports of specie from New York for the
week were $4<A>,160 in sliver and ?13,975,7u2
in koIJ.
Imports of specie at New York for the
week were $43,»t>0 gold and $!>,342 silver.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. May 14.— Local metal markets
to-day were quiet and steadr with only small
lots called for. Copper, lake, 13.50c; electro
lytic. 13.124613.25c; casting. -12.874igl3.124c.
Tin quiet; spot, 27.55@27.ti3c; May delivery,
27.5Og27.60c.
Spelter quiet; spot. 5.20ig5.2oc.
Lead — Spot. 4.6tj@4.«;6c.
Iron easy and unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
Dried Fruits^N 'tits, Raisins, Honey.
FRUITS — Apricots. 84©104c for Royals and
9@12c fcr Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4>4©
6c: sun-dried, 3844c: Peaches. 6®8c:
Pears. S@114c: Figs, white. 24®3c In boxes;
black 4Uc; Plums, pitted. 5@7'/ic per lb.
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2@2Uc for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — F o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 4-crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4V4c; 2-crown, 4c; Malaga,
loose. 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown, 3»4c; Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas. 34c; Seedless
Muscatels. 314c; do floated. 34c; Seeded Rais
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy 54c; choice, 5V*c;
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4 4c; choice. 4%c; In
bulk, fancy. 5V«c; choice. 6c: Imperial clus
ters $3; Debesa, $2 50; fancy. $2; London
Layers. 3-crown. $1 35; 2?crown. $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 134@14c;
No. 2. 114612c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@134e:
No. 2 110114c: Almonds. 114c for Nonpa
reils. 114c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 014c for Languedoc; Peanuts. O'&ic for
Eastern: Pecans. Il(gl3c: Cocoanuts. $4 5065.
HONEY— Comb. 10©114c for white and 84
@94c for amber; water white extracted. 5<jf
514c: light amber extracted, 44Q4?ic; dark.
3464c.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
FUTURES.
fc'cs.«ion 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Opin. High. Low. Clobe.
May $1 05 SI 05 $1 05 $1 05
D«eember... 93 93% 93 93%
OATS — Quiet and unchanged at previous
prices.
White. $1 30«j 1 40; Black. $1 22401 274:
Red. 51 27 4@1 35; Gray. $1 3^4@1 374 P«r
ctl.
CORN — A steady demand is taking current
receipts at full figures, and there is no ac
cumulation of stock.
Western sacked, SI 45@1 474 for Yellow and
White and $1 45 for Mixed; California large
Yfllow. $1 4741&I 524; small round do. $1 5J>@
1C0; White, $14561474 per ctl; Egyptian.
?1 40ffxl 50 for white and $1 274@1 30 for
brown.
RYE— $1 3C61 324 Per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75^2 per ctl.
BARLEY — Cash Feed had a wider range yes
terday, but the top quotation remained "un
changed. Trading was quiet, as usual on Sat
urday. It is reported that there are again
sonre Inquiries in the market for Barley for
Orifntal shipment, but the reports are vague.
Feed. $1 O'.'4«l 074; Shipping and Brew-
Ing. *l 12 4&1 15;. Chevalier, $1 1031 20 for
fair to choice.
CASH BARLEY.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Op?n. High. Low. Close.
Mav Jl l'»iis $1 204 $1 204 $1 2HU.
December ... 1 26>« 1 27% 1 26 1 26Ti
California Club. $1 25S1 324; California
White Australian. $1 5'JVi@l 574; Northern
Club. $1 3C@1 C74; Northern Bluestem, $1 50
gl 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — Closed the week quietly every
where, with no particular change in prices.
Broomhall cabled from Liverpool that com
plaint? were being received of a serious out
look in the territory of the Danube on account
of drotipht. The Danubian countries last year
raised about K>0.000.«»00 bushels.
In this market futures were firm, while the
cash grain continued steady and featureless.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Chicago
SATURDAY. May 14—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Btd.Ask.
Is qr coup..lOf.»4107V,|4s qr cp new. 132 4 133 Vi
4s qr reg. ..107 107413s qr coup. ..106 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
AU A W 5s. 101 — lOak T Co fls. — 120
Bay CPC 5s. 101 — I Do 5s — 112tJ
Cal C G 6s. — 105 Do con 5s. 101% — ,
Cal G & E g (Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m A ct.5s. 82 M |Om Cable f*. — 122
Cal-st C 5». 116*4117^1 Pac G Im 4s. — —
C C Wat 5s. — 101 jPERy 6s.. 104^103
EdL&P6«— — IP&CH 6s. 104*4 —
F & C H Cs.ll4411«4lP & O R 6s. 118 —
Geary-st 5s. — 00 Powell-st Cm. — 114
H C&S 54s. 100 — Sac EG&R 5s — 9S
Do 5s 97$4 99 3F4SJV 5s. 116% —
lion R T 6s. 1O44 — Sierra Ry 6*. — 115
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. .1114 — (1009) 1OS —
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 109 109&
Do gtd 6s. — — 3 P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 105 (1905)Sr A.101»; —
LAP lem 59.1014 — (1905)Sr B.1024 —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 110U (1006.) 104%104*i
Do lem 5s. 113*4 — (1012) — 116
MV&MtT 5s. 101 4 — SPC 1 eg 5s.H0 —
N R of^C 6s.lO7 — Do «tampd.l07%lC8
Do 5s 1164117 S P B R fls. 131 134
N P C R 6s. — 107 S V Wat «s.l04!i —
N C Ry 5s.. 109 — Do 4« 2dm. — 99t;
N C P C 6s. BS41024 Do 4s 3dm. 904100
N S R R 5s. — 100 1 Stkn G&E 6s. — 100
O GL&H 5s.l0CUI07« U G & E 5s. — 105
0 W gtd-5s. — I •
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36 40 I Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — 62^|S V Wat Co. 38H 384
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3i 8 — ISFO4E.. 614 62
Mutual E L. 12 12*;|Rtkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 56 — fu G & E Co. — 35
INSURANCE-
Firem's Fnd — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nil Bk.125 — Lon P &. A.. 150 160
Anglo- Cal ..83 87 Mer Tru*t...20O —
Bank of Cal. 4264430 Merch E^... 63 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F National — —
First Nation! — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2265 2350 Sav A L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — bee Sar Dk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. — —
S F SaVU.625 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 (Presidio ..... S94 41
Geary — CO |
POWDER.
Giant .. 61 614IVlgorit 4% 5
SUGAR. »
Hana P Co. — 40c LKIIauea S C. 3 4
Hawaiian C. 494 ol iMakaweli C. 2034 214
Honokaa S C 12 — (Onomea S C. 24 274
Hutch S P C »4 9Vi!Paauhau S C 13»i 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.13S4I404IOceanIc S C. — 4%
Cal F C A. — 10041 Pac Aux FA. 5 6
; Cal Wine A. 01 02 I Pac C Borax. 165 167
MV&Mt Tin. 100 — |
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Honckaa S C 12 00
10 Paauhau S P Co 13 50
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s 107 On
$1000 S P of Arizona (1900) 108 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 4i»
. Associate! Trust Cert 10 20
Artec 60
Caribou 4 25 4 50
Central Point Con 70
Chicago Crude 20 21
Claretncnt • 62
: Four 6O 82
' Fulton 3 75
I Giant 16
I Hanfonl 195 00
Home 182%
Invcrtal IS 00
Independence 23 24
Junction 12
I Kern River 10 50
! Lion 01 02
Monarch (of Arizona) 40
i Monte Crlsto 66 70
Occidental of W. Va: 12
Oil City Petroleum 47 43
I Ppvrleiji 13 25 14 OO
j Rk-J Crude 160
Senator 67
«QV<r#i K n 4.1 4.1
Sterling 2 55 2 75
1 Superior 03
I Th'rty-three 8 00
! Toltec 21
' Twenty-elKht TOO 800
Weit Shore .- 2 CO
A*soc!.-<ted Bonds 7»
To*k Oil 1 1rt
WanaFh 50 .73
Miscellaneous —
Abbv Land and Improvement 1 50
Cat Gas and Electric Corp.. RS 00
Cal Shipping Co 2O0O
Cfc-Ues Company 7 50
O-press Lawn Improvement. ..... 7 0O
Fischer's Theater 35 8O
Northern Col Power 11 00 11 124
SALES.
Morning . Session.
300 Associated 19
600 Claremont 63
2C0 Occidental 11
225 R»ed Crude 1 50
12fio Four Oil il
6000 Independence 21
Unlisted Securities.
I MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Bay CPC 6a. »S — SPCRy 4s. — 100
B L Wat «s. 115 - B P Co 44s.l00tf -
C NW R 5s. — 112 Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
M C Wat 5s. 100 — Do 5s — IOC
Rl» I W 69. — 107«,i Sutter-st 5R..105 113.
SF Drydk 5a — IU4 UR of SF 4s. TO 79%
SF & NP 6s. — Illf4 ] v I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co.... 244 27HtMat N»v Co. — 90
Am Bis Co. — — MUIa MI B*. — —
Cal Cot Mils S6 — Nev NU Bk.. — 200
1 Cal O&E Cor 45 — NSRR 914 —
' C Jockey C1.13O 150, N C P Co.. 11 11%
I Cal Powder.130 — Oak Bk Sav.1124 _
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T Co... 75 —
Cal T I & T. — 130 IOOF Hall A « —
Cen Bk Oak. — * k «5 Orpheum Co. 15 16'4
Chutes Co... 7% ~K P C Caa Co. 120 —
City t C Bk. — 112 , Pac 8 Tel... — 102
Cyp L Imp. 64 — Pac Srty . Co. — —
East Dynm. — 230 Paraf Paint. S.% —
1 DuP Pdr pfd — 90, 8 F Drydock. 60 —
Do com... 40 60 SF4SJV Coal 25 324
FN Bk Oak. 120 — 8 J Wat Co. — 108
Fischer Thtr — 75c S OATgbt C.125 —
Fmch-A Bk.105 — . Swiss-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con Aa. — . 22 Trucke© Elec 12% 12J4
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Silver was a. fraction lower. Exchange rat«s
remained unchanged.
The steamer Doric brought in on the 12th
4.550,000 Japanese gold yen, valued at $2,250.
fHx>. conElKned to banks a>> follows: Nevada
National $1,SOO,COO; Hongkong and Shanghai.
Jl.700.0iX); international. $S50,000; London,
Paris and American, $200,000.
Sterling Exchange, sixly days.. — $4 854
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S74
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 SSV*-
New York Exchange, sight — itf
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07 V4
Silver, per ounce — 55^
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 @ 4.5 £
Exchange and Bullion.
Nat RR of Mrx pfd 200 M CO 36
NVw York Central. 100 114U 114U 114V4
Norfolk & Western COO 56 65* B 55\
Norfolk & W pfd .1 S5
tKitario & Western 300 "0^ 20»* . 20^,
Penn*>har.la 10.100 113«s 113 113)4 I
PCC4S1L 5«
RT-llng 6.500 42»i 41«4 41 %
lUarting l*t pfd 78
Reading 2d ,)fd... 700 WHi CO 69
Rock Island Co... 6.400 21 >» 20*; 20?4
Reck Island Co pfd 300 B5 64U C4"*
St U 4 8 F 2d pfd. U00 4CVi 46'i 46»^
ift I> >. uthwHUtni 12\
St L .S V.- pfd 100 32 32 31 >-,
Southern Pacific... 5.800 4G»i 45*4 ¦*?>%
Southtrn Railway. 60O 20 19*4 20
Southern Ry pfd.. 200 82*4 S2'j 82^3
Texas & Pacific... 000 21V» 21V* 21
Toledo St L & W 24
T St L & W pfd 37»4
Union Pacific 10,300 82Ti 82*i S2H
Ulrton P=.cinc pfd. 100 91 H 81 V4 91
Waba?h 1,100 16V» 15»* 16%
Wabash pfd 1,900 35U 34'S, 31> 2
Wheeling & L E.. ROO 15',., 15 14i 4
i Wisconsin Central. 100 17>, 17% 17- t
i WliFcon C«-nt pfd. . S(X» 38»» 384 a<
Mexican Central .. 100 7>i 7}i 7'4
Express Companies —
AdamF .... 21S
: American 1*>°
1 United States 1W
! Wells-Fargo 21/1
; Miscellaneous —
1 Amalgam Copper . 20.30rt 60*; 49H 4!»%
Am Car * Fdy 4rtO 161; l«x« M
Am Car & Fdy pfd ]tK> 60 hi <&>* CI
Am Cotton Oil 2S»4
Am Cotton OH pfd S>
American Ice «% 1
American Ice pfd 2"H
Am Linseed Oil S
Am Lin Oil pfd 2S
Am Iy-*-omotlve 1"}4
Am Locomo pfd ... 100 82 r *2 M
Am Smelt & RtfC.. 3OO 4!> 49 40
Am Sm & Rfg pfd. GOO 05H or. »4>4
Am Sugar Rfg 500 127 '„ 120% 126%
Anacon Mining Co «••
Brook Rap Transit 5.2<*> 45% 4"<i 4.'.%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 400 3o 30 ::<>
Consolidated Gas.. &.7<V> 209*4 2(>7 9»'4
Corn Products 10'i
Corn Products pfd 66 >i
Distil Securities 2O'-»
General Electric .. 3OO 157 I5C 135)4 |
Internatl Paper tl
Ir.t Paper pfd «
Internatl Pump ... 100 38 .".$ •':<
Int Pumn pfd '0
National Lead ... 2.700 19% 1S?4 IS",
North American .. 400 M M K1 ,
Pacific Mall JK»» 25^ 24^4 -4
People's Gas 400 95 »4H ** «
Pressed Steel Car 24*4
Pressed St Car pfd *'"
Pullman Pal Car - l Vl
Republic Steel 1.000 64 6% i". ! -j
Republic Steel pfd. 2.200 38 M, 37 V4 SSVj
Rubber Goods 1/Vi
Rubber Goods pfd ''•
Tenn Coal & Iron. BOO SS 32% 33.
V S= Leather 4OO «»4 <:\ Ipfc.
V R Leather pfd.. 100 71»«, 70'i 73 4
U F Realty 200 «« 6*4 O%
IT R Realty pfd... RO> 5S^ « r .s .W<,
V R Rubber 300 16 15% I5*t |
T' P Rubber pfd... 1<*> 65 V, 6?'i G-'.'i i
U P Fteel 4.700 8% *"« 8<i
O S Pte»l pfd 1.800 52^ 51% M%
•WeFtlnBhouRe EJec. 1"«5
Western Union ... 200 88 81s S«
Nor Securities 97>4
Total sales 174.800 salo«.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, May 14. — No bond transactions
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4, asked 4^4; preferred, bid
84%. asked 35V4-
NEW YORK BONDS.
U 6 ref 2s. reg...lO5 |L & K unified 4s. 101
Do coupon 105 1 Man con gold 4*..l<Vi*i
Do Ss. reg lO.'.t, , Mexican Cm 4s.. 67
Do coupon 108 Do lit Inc 14
Do new 4s reg. 1324 Minn &• St L 4s... 95
Do coupon 132»/j M K & T 4s 100«4
Do old 4b. reg.. 107 Do 2ds 78U
Do coupon 107 |NU R Mex con 4s. 74
Atchlnon (ten 4s..l00 T i N Y Cen gen 34s. fl9V4
Do adj 4s »14!N J Ccn gen 5s. .131%
Atlantic C L 4s.. fi.'i 4 1 Northern Pac 4s..W3\
Bait & Ohio 4s... 100^1 Do 3s 72H
Do 34« 95 Nor & W con 4s.. 97?i
Central of Ga 5s.lO«4!oSL 4s and partlc 94U
Do 1st Inc 75i*l Penn conv 34s.. !>5
Ches At Ohio 44s. 104 | Reading gen 4a... 9S%
Chi & Alton 34s. 784l*tL & IM con &s..113%
C. B & Q new 4s. 944|StL & SF fg 4s.. K2
C.MftSt P gen 4s.1C94JSt L SW lsts 94
C & N W con 7s. 129 4 Seaboard A L 4s. fiOJJ
C.RI4P RR 4s. 63 ft Southern Pac 4s.. 92
Do col 6s 79 (Southern Ry 5s... 115%
CCC&StL gen 4s.l00*i!Tex A Pac lsts..HSV4
Chi Terminal 4s.. 7841T. StLtW 4s.. 70'
Con Tobacco 4s.. 60 I Union Pacific 4s..l(>(%
Colo &. Sojjth 4s.. MU D o conv 4s 97
C F & I conv 5s. 73 U S Steel 2d 5s.. 71*;
Den & Rio G 4s.. Of**i Wabash lsts 114»4
Eri« prior lien 4s. 58*4 Do deb B 584
Do gen 4s «<\H|Wheel & L E 4s.. 89}*
FtW & DC 1st*.. 10*4 Wisconsin Cen 4a. 00U
Hocklnr Val 44s.lO7«i]
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25! Little Chief ."... 05
Alice 25;Ontario 3 50
Breece lOIOphlr 5 12
Brunswick Con... 08! Phoenix 06
Comstoo.k Tunnel.. JOlPotosi 15
Con Cal A Va 1 «5|Savage 22
Horn Silver I 35j Sierra Nevada 42
Iron Silver 1 63'Small Hopes 15
Leadrlile Con 02' Standard 2 00
LOCAL MARKETS.
SEATTLE. May 14.— Clearing^, $744,234; bal
ances, J1OS.174.
-'TACOM"A, May 14.— Clearings, $313,915; bal
ances. $50,350.
PORTLAND May 14. — Clearings, $416,023;
balances. $36,229.
SPOKANE. May 14.— Clearings, $393,771;
balences, $4ti,675.
Northern Business.
\
Trade in the fruit market was quite active,
as local retailers were stocking up tor the Sun
day trade and a good demand was noted for
shipment to Puget Sound por;a on the steamer
which leaves to-day. Receipts of Cherries
were 5S0 boxes and included several consign
ments of small- white -fruit, which could not
be sold even at the minimum quotation. The
top quotation was an extreme for one favored
brand, $1 being about the top for the general
market. Apricots were firmer, although re
ceipts continued liberal. Receipts of Straw
berries were over 1100 chests and the large
varieties, which constituted the bulk of the re
ceipts, were quoted lower. Surplus lots wers
cleaned up at the minimum quotation, but tha
ruling prices were $3ii4 per chest. A wagon
loaded with Longworths from Palo Alto met
with an accident near the railroad yards and
was overturned. There were about 35 . chests
on the wagon and they were scattered about,
and what were saved had to be sold below the
quotations. The accident netted the con
signees a loss of about $200. Raspberries from
the south sold at 2n'(i25c. and Dewberries at
10c per small basket. Strawberries from
Florin were offering freely at SOc per crate,
but moved slowly, owing to the abundance and
low prices of superior quality offerings from
other sections. Gooseberries appeared from the
river and sold at 15«a25c per pound. Oranges
ruled firm, with all dealers reporting a good
demand for all grades. A half crate of red
Currants came In from San Leandro and sold
for ?1.
STRAWBERRIES — $5@7 per cheat for Long
worths and $2 50«4 for the larger varieties.
CHERRIES — 75c#$l 40 per drawer.
APRICOTS— $1 25@1 50 per crate.
APPLES— $Hb"2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 759
2 50 for fancy, >l 50@l 75 for choice and $1@
1 60 for standard; Seedlings. $1 25; Tangerines,
nominal; Lemons. J2 50Q2 75 for fancy. $150^
1 75 for choice and $1@1 25 for standard; Grape
Fruit $1 25Q2; Mexican Limes, nominal; Ba
nanas $2#3 per bunch for Central American
and $'l<§2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $283 per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Debenture Surety Company of San
Francisco has declared a monthly dividend of
5 cents per share, payable May 16.
The Shenanduah C. M. M. Co. assessment of
2c. amounting to $4000. becomes delinquent
upon the Tonopah board May 14.
The Ophlr Mining Company received yester
day $23,273 66, being the net proceeds of eight
railroad car loads of ore sold to the reduc
tion works. There remain ten car loads on
the way. or In process of sale. The output of
the mine last week amounted to 301 mining
car loads of ore. assaying $9O 29 per ton. This
compares with 304 cars assaying $86 87 for
the previous, week.
Yesterday vru another flat day In local
stocks and bonds, and the few transactions
were at practically previous quotation*.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
.were 40,644 shares, valued at (24,038. the
reading sales being as follows: Associated Oil.
1300 shares; Chicago Crude. 1000; Caribou. 110O;
Claremont. 4300; Four. 1550; Home. 2500; In
dependence. 19.S0O; Monarch, 1250; Oil City.
5950; Petroleum Center, SCO.
The Week Closes Very Quietly,
With No Changes.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market shows
no change either In prices or general trade con
ditions. Common are quoted at 46 > 5~)4c; prime,
6%«j5*4.c; choice. 6V« ( 504c, and fancy at 7@
7Vic.
PRUNES — Show no improvement as a re
sult of the slight improvement, and prices still
range from 3c to 5 a ic according to grades.
APRICOTS — Attract a fair Jobbing demand
and rule firm. Choice are quoted at 9Vi<gl0c;
extra iholce, lCi^'lOf-jC, and fancy at O'i
felCc. i
PEACHES — 'Also are moving fairly ¦well and
with holders confident. Prices are firmly held.
Choice are quoted at 7Vi@7>^c; extra choice,
• rjt'Sc, and fancy at 9Vi®iCc.
DRIED FRUITS,
The market for Coffee futures closed un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales were reported
at 16,500 bass. Including: May, 5.50e; July.
5.70c; September. 5.1»04j5.05c; December, 6.20
@«.::5c; March, 6.45&6.5Cc.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 5-lC@
f?3»iic; centrifugal. 06 test, 3 13-lG@3T»c; mo
lasses sugar, 3 11-lHc; refined, firm: No. 6,
4.4Cc; No. 7. 4. 3.1c; No. 8, 4;30c; No. 9, 4.23c;
No. 10, 4.20c; No. ft, 4.15c; No. 12. 4.10c;
No. 13, 4.05c; No. 14. 4c; confectioners' A.
4.65c; mold A. 5.15c; cut loaf, 5.50c: crushed.
5.50c; powdered, 4.1t0c: granulated, 4. SOc;
cubes, 5.05c.
NEW YORK. May 14.— FLOUR— Receipts.
7CC0 barrels; export?. 2800 barrels. Quiet and
barely steady. Minnppota baker?. ?4g'4 20;
winter patents. $j«i5 ST.; winter straights,
$4 SOtfjS: winter extras, $3 35@4; winter low
grades. $3 15<Zi"3 80.
WHEAT— Receipts, 27.000. Spot. Fteady: No.
2 red. $1 06 elevator; No. 2 red, $1 07<jl U
f. o. b., afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. OSc
f. o. b., afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal
f. o. h., afloat. Options opened steady and ad
vanced for a time on favorable cables, pros
pective bullish weekly statistics Monday -and
frost In the West. Later they weakened under
foreign celling and heaviness in outside mar
kets, closing net unchanged. May closed at
91c, July closed at SS"£c, September closed at
82Uc. and December closed at Sific.
\ HOPS — Pteady. StRte common to choice,
1PO3 2("«i2 < .»c: 1902. 23e2«5c; old State. 14c; Pa
cific' Coast. 1003, 24&S0c; 1002, 23@2Cc; old*.
J>trl3c.
HIPES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Easy. %
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady: No. 7 involca,
6T*c; mild, steady; Cordova. lo@14c.
New York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON.
TACO.MA, May 14.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, s4c; club, 74c.
PORTLAND. May 14.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 72c; blitestem. SOc; valley, SOc.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 14. — The cotton futures
market closed quiet* ten points lower.
STOCK MAEKET.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, May 14.— Wool, steady. Medium
grades, steady and combing. 10®21c; light fine,
14@17c; heavy fine, 12@14c; tub washed, 20@
31c.
WASHINGTON. May 14.— To-dars state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve In the division of redemption, shows
available cash balance. $175,714,SS0; gold, $7S,
0V!\549.
Cash in Treasury.
Flour, qr ska .. 1.440'HIdes. No 1M
Wheat, ctls ."..8^>[Cornmeal. East-
Barley otls B.!»-''2I «rn. ctls 400
Rears.' sk» 5«li Pelts. No 242
Corn, ctls S'liTallow. etls 2«*
Rye ctls 704: Lime, bbls 779
Potatoes, sks .. 3.4r.2l Paper, reams ... S17
Onion* sks ... 12s! Quicksilver, flks. 291
Bran, skt lt.'.IWlne. gals S3.4OO
Middlings, sks.. 3401 leather, rolls .. 103
Hay. ton* 3«3! Sugar, ctls .... 2.M»
Wool, bales ... gut Raisins, bxa ... BOO
Shorts, sks ... 754
FOR SATURDAT. MAT 14.
' Receipts of Produce.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. May 14. — The offerings at th«
wool auction sales to-day amounted to $12,000
baits In good condition. Competition «u
brisk and prices were maintained. Americans
bought a fair quantity of light Victorian.
Cross-breds were in good demand and were
taken liberally for America.
NEW YORK. May 14.— The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of thl%
city for the week shows: Loans $l.07S.92S,6(X>
Increase S7.89S.6O0; deposits 11.12H.C15.400. de
crtate $2,097,400; circulation $36,003,700, ln
crtaee $229,100; legal tenders $77,000,000. in
ciea.se $2,055,100; specie $21R.134.5OO. decrease
$12,470. 40t>; reserve J2U5.231.1C0, decrease §H>.
421,300; reserve required $282,403.S50. decrease
$524,350; surplus J12.827.250, decrease *0,086,
050; ex-Untted States deposits $21,055,450, de
crease ?5,««J3,100.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Further arrivals of Japanese Gold Yen.
Wall-street Stocks irregular and weak. Cotton still declining.
Very light demihid for Stocks on the local exchanges.
Bank Clearings shozv a slight decrease from last year.
Silver a fraction lower. Exchange unclianged.
AYzr York banks make a poor weekly statement.
Wheat, Barley and other Grain* close quietly.
Hay still easy and Bran and Middlings scarce and firm.
Beans and Seeds shozc no further change.
Butter, Egg and Cheese receipts running very large.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins featureless.
Hams, Bacon and Lard dull. Cottolene lower.
Wool, Hides and Hops steady and unchanged.
Receipts of Cattle, Sheep and Hogs still heavy.
Oregon Potatoes still in large supply and weak.
Onions lozver under heavy arrivals.
Poultry market cleaned up. Game nominal.
Good Sunday demand for Spring Fruits.
fRefi?iCt1 Sugar advances 10 points.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — May. July Eept.
Opening 6 2*4 M 3 T , •(*».*
Closing 6 2% 0 3', 6 4>4
PARIS.
Wheat — May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening ,. . . 20 85 20 20
Closing 20 S3 20 33
Flour —
Opening 27 30 27 20
Closing 27 SO 27 25
Illinois Central. ..133 | Wabash IS
Louis & Nash 110'il Do pfd 37
Mo. Kan & Tex.. lti«ii
Bar silver — Quiet; 2$%d per ounce.
Monty — 1 per cent
The rate of discount In the open market for
chert bills is 2 per cent, and for three months"
bills 2@2 1-16 per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHEESE — 8tf?9c for gocd to choice new
and Mtijlc for lower grades; Young Americas,
»©!»H«-': Eastern, loglttc; Western, 14@15c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. lSg20c for fair to cfeolce;
store, leglbc: Eastern. 18&li»c per dozen.
The different markets are tame and unin
teresting at the moment. Receipts of Butter
are excessive, as will be seen, while the
shelves continue loaded with Cheese. There
are more than enough Eggs coming in to sat
isfy the demand and the surplus is being
put Into store. All markets are weak and
all quotations remain unchanged.
Receipts were 117.300 lbs Butter. 1494 cases
Eggs and 15, 1C0 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 18@18VaC
for extras and 17@17>,£c for firsts; dairy. 15@
17%c; store Butter. 13614c; cold storage, nom
inal
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY — Live Turkoys. 14@15c p-r lb;
Gtei-e. per pair, SI 50@2; Goslings, $2 6o©3 50;
Duck*. ?."t(o 50 per dozen for old and $5 50<3
«» 50 for young; Hens, $5 50Qti 50 for large and
$4 50<6* for small; young R.ooster*, |7 50<S
S 30; old Roosters, $4 5O#3; Fryers. |0<g7:
Broilers, $3 r.O.y I 50 for large and $2@3 for
small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for oM
and $1 7. r j»i2 (or Squab:.
GAME— Nominal.
Receipts of domestic Poultry were only IS
coops and young stock cleaned up readily at
previous prices. The market was practically
bare at the close, as undesiraDle stock."such
as old Roosters and Hens, which' had been ac
cumulating for some days, was cleaned up at
low figures. A car of Western is scheduled fcr
Monday's market. Game could not be quoted.
as very little came In and most of It was In
bad condition.
Poultry and Game.
blenched winter What* Oil. B7e; natural Whal»
Oil. 62c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 73c:
No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c: pur* Neatsfoot Oil. 7.1e:
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. <S3c; light Herring Oil.
42c: dark Herrin* Oil. 40c: Salmon OIL 34c:
boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled
Paint Oil, .Tic; raw Faint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL*- Water White Coal Oil. ta bulk.
! 14c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20Hc; Astral. 204c:
Star. 20Ue: Extra Star. 24^c; Elaine. 2Cfec;
Eocene. 23^c; Deodorlied Stov* Gasoline. In
bulk,' IGc; in cases. 22Hc: Benxlne. In bulk.
i 13c: In cases. lBHc; St5-d»sr?e Gasoline, la
bulk. 25c: In cases, :ilc.
TURPENTINE — 81e per gallon In cases and
75c tn drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7KO
7»ic per lb; White Lead. ~\**tl%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — Prices were advanced 10c all around
yesterday. The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows. -per Ib.* In 100- lb bars:
Cubes A crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.05c;
Powdered 5.S0c; Candy Granulated. 5.S0c; Dry
GranuJate'd. fine. 6.70c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
r..7Oc;- Fruit Granulated. 5.70c: Beet Granu
lated <10O-lb bars only). 5.Wc; Extra C. 5.2»V:
A 5.70c: Magnolia A. 5.30c; Extra C. B.30c;
Golden C 5.10c; "D." Re; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more; 50- lb
bars. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. C.2Cc: boxss. 6.45c; H. A E. Crystal
Domlnos «.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy -flve barrels or Ita equivalent.
000. steady; mixed and butch»rs. $1 70®4 00;
food to choice heavy. $4 80©4 ttO; rough heavy,
$i <-a:'.h 75; light. $4 C5£T4 SO; bulk of sales,
7 1 75Q 1 85.
SHEEP — Keceipts. 1000; xheep and lambs,
steady: (rood to choice wether*. *4 CSgS-SO;
lair to choice mixed, t't 75#4 B<>; Western,
sheep. $4 50®3 CO; native lambs, clipped. $4 BO
(j(i; Western lambs, clipped. |4 73£O 10; West
ern Iambi, wooled. $0 25<5« 00.
60c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 60c 6 Jl 23
per dozen; Garlic, nominal: Egg- Plant. 10@I5c
per In. for Los Angeles. and 20030c for Coachel
la; Dried Peppers, S'tflOc for sun-dried
nnd 12H©I3c per lb for evaporated: Pried
Okra. 12%@15c per lb: Green Peppers. OglOc
per lb for Los Angeles andl2V&@15c for Mexi
can; Marrowfat Squash. Jobbing at 1%©2c per
pound.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 15, 1904.
1 CHICAGO. May 14.— CATTLE— Receipts,
200; nominal; good to prime steers. $5 1005 «."»;
poor to medium. $4 10®4 90: stockers and feed
ers. $3 J0<94 40; cows. *l 65«4 35; heifers.
$2 25©4 60: canners. $1 75@2 75: bulls, $2®
4- calves, $2 50® 5 25; Texas fed steers, $4 25
es oo.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 8000; Monday, 35,-
CHICAGO,
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. May 14.— On the Produce Ex
change- to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries. l^lS'/ic: dairies, 12<gl7c; eggs,
steady at mark, cases Included, liifjlSUe:
cheese, steady, S !4©9%e. ..
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Con for money.OOIl-lSjN' t Central 117*4
Con fcr account.. 90U^Norfolk, ft' West.. 57U
Anaconda • S% Do pfd 8J>H
At«-hl*-on TOH I Ontario & West.. 21 S
Do T>f<J !»4»i (Pennsylvania .... BRVi
Kalt & Ohio TSm Rand M!ne« 10%
Canad'an Pacific. lin»i!U*a<Ilng 22
Che* & Ohio 30U.1 Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West.. I5«l Do 2d pfd 32
C. M A St P.... 143% (Southern Ry 20%
Pe Beer* l»*il Do pfd 83
D*n * nio O 20V4i Southern Pacific. 47
Do pfd T0M!Un«on Pacific R."
Erie nv.\ Do nM !M
I>o 1>»t Pfd...:. «2«J!V 8 SteH S%
Do 2d pfd SS | Do pfd 53 Ji
London Closing Stocks.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
41
A SONG EVERYBODY WILL
WHISTLE.
THE TALE OF THE TIX
DRAGON.
One of the Xew Multiple Col-
ored Music Sheets Ready
to Piny.
NEXT. SUNDAY CAUL.
AUCTION SALES
£& £& £ft
50 AUCTION SALE 50
Of 39 head of DRAFT HORSES, lncludla*
PURE BRED NORMANS and SHIRES.
Also 11 head cf STANDARD BRED COLTS.
FILLIES and ROADSTERS, including a trot-
ter than can show a mile in 2:3O. weight 12CO.
and gentle sired by Diablo, Gosaipcr. Ka!n.*w
and Alex Button. This consignment Is a grand
lot of choice, high grade animals. The draft
horses weigh from 140O to 1SO<» pounds; th»
wagon horses from 1200 to 140«> pounds, and
all ar« fat and ready for immediate use.
These horses are suitable for ranchers, orchard-
tsts. breeders, wholesale butchers, draymen.
brewers, etc In this lot are a number of pur-
bred Shire and Norman fillies that are hard to
excel. An Inspection by prospective buyers is
i Invited. This stock Is from the well known
ranch of William Brockman. Susanville, Laasen
Co., Cal. Sale takes place
TUESDAY EVENINO. MAY 24, 1004.
At 7:43 O'clock.
At Salesyard. 1732 Market st.. near Van Neaa
ave., San Francisco.
Horses at yard May 21. Send for catalogue.
FRED H. CHASE A CO.
Live Stock Auctioneers.
AUCTION.
s^g Holstein-Friesians
BULLS. FRESH COWS. CALVES.
t From th» celebrated prize-wlnntcg LA
i SIESTA HERD, 'the Gold Medal Champions.
MONDAY EVENING. May 16. 1904. at 8 p. m.
By Electric Light.
F. H. BURKE. Proprietor.
30 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
FRED H. CHASE A CO.. Auctioneers.
1732 MARKET ST..
Saa Francisco. Cal.
Send for cfitalorues.
Cattle at yards May 1L
KOTXCS.
By virtue of an order Issued out of ths Su-
perior Court of the City and County of San
Francisco. State of Cailfornia. on the. 7th day
of May. 1904. notice is hereby given that w»
will sell at public auction to the highest bid-
der for cash, subject to confirmation by th«
court, payable 10 per cent of the purchast
price on the fall of the hammer, and th«
balance upon confirmation of said sale, by th«
court, on Wednesday, the ISth day of May.
1804. at 2 o'clock p. m.. in front of the Mer-
chants' Exchange, situate at the corner o*
Eansome and Sacramento streets In the. City
and County of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, the steamers Napa City and St.
Helena, their enxtnes. boilers, machinery.
boats, tackle, apparel, appurtenances and fur-
niture with th« warehouse belonging to H. O.
Bell, J. M. Graham. A. Halt Jr. and Gustav*
H. Munlc. situate In Napa City. California.
The said steamers are stern wheel steamer*
and of 178.S7 and 344.9S tons register respect-
ively. EDWARD S. SPEAR A CO.. Auc-
tioneer*.
£» £% £a
To Close Out My Entire Stock
-OF—
37 Work and Driving
Horses
4 surries. 4 top buggies. 3 carts. 12 road an!
business buggies and 30 sets of single and
double harness. I will *iell at 1140 Folsom st..
TUESDAY. MAY 17. H a. m., entire stock at
auction.
WILSON, THUUGTIONEER
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
$10,000 worth HOUSEHOLD EFFECTS at
PUBLIC AUCTION.
MONDAY. May 16. 19O4. 11 o'clock a. m.
WILSON'S AUCTION ROOMS, SIS and 820
MISSION ST., near Fourth.
NOTE — Lady patrons guaranteed civil and
Courteous treatment at Wilson's sales.
SUPERIOR FURNISHINGS
AT AUCTION
TO-MORROW (MONDAY), May 16, 1904. at
11 o'clock a. m.. at ortvate residence. 3403
California St., cor.' Laurel. I am instructed to
sell on account of owner's Immediate depar-
ture .for Honolulu, all the contents of ta«
above elegantly furnished flat. For partic-
ulars see Chronicle.
ABE LEVY. Auctioneer. 1135 Market »t-.
tel. Jes-ri« 761.
P* fes
Monday. May 16. at 11 o'clock, at 122 Grov«
St., a lot of well-broken horses and on* fins
express wagon. S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
Phone South 2OTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY M 5. 1004.
42
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
REIS TRACT LOTS.
GOING
DON'T WAIT UNTIL THEY ARE
ALL GONE.
REAL ESTATE MEN
| LAWYERS
IZZ
I
I DOCTORS
— —
In fact nearly everyone who sees the beauti- I
ful lots in the REIS TRACT are buying.
Over .TM) houses will scon be built on this
property.
j ¦ ZZZ
! Water pipe to be laid at once In front of
J every lot.
I
5-CENT CAR FARE.
I
AN IDEAL SPOT FOR A HOME.'
The best investment to be found in the city, j
¦ WE ARE SELLING THESE LOTS AT ONE-
j HALF THEIR TRUE VALUE.
I ~ !
I THINK OF IT.
I ZZZ
j WE HAVE SOLD OVER 2000 LOTS IN '
i THREE MONTHS.
•
I
That should convince you that we are off?r- ,
ing a barraln.
I ZZZ
! ONLY A FEW LEFT.
1
I ZZZ
SEE THE PROPERTY AT ONCE.
I
i Tike K«ntucky-st. car at Third and Market I
j to the REIS TRACT, cornering on Railroad ,
j ave. and San Bruno road. Stay on car until ',
yoo reach our offlce. Agent on the ground i
every cfternocn and all day Sunday.
ZZZ
REIS TRACT
REIS TRACT
NOTHING DOWN.
NOTHING DOWN.
?l PER WEEK «1
*1 PER WEEK ?1
|1 PER WEEK $1
P.HIS TRACT REAL ESTATE CO.. ;
P.ETS TRACT REAL ESTATE CO.. ;
P.fcLS TRACT REAL ESTATE CO..
Parrott H'.;i!dtnir. Downtown Offlce.
Over Eir;ierium. Open Evenings.
— — — — _
sphck & co.,
20l> Montgomery st.
2O» Montgomery st.
209 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
P'"fns- Leasln*. |
Rents collected. Insurance. :
$lf0.«»— Rents J9800: cash security on lease; ;
I Investing $50,000 cash and assuming bank
, mortgage of $50,000 will pay 12 per cent net; I
| lot 55x137:6.
$.-,0.n<W— NW. corner; 137:6x137:6; Golden I
i Gat" ave.. east of Scott si.: good Improve- !
ments: mortgage $."M>.i>00 at 5S per cent can
| remain; reasonable offer entertained.
j $45,000— Vicln^y Bush and Kearny: stores i
and three floors above: brick building; lot l
fronts 35 feet; rents $265.
$.•55,000— Howard St.. near Third: 5Oxl6O !
feet: SO0O square feet: key lot and 2 frontages; ;
this lot on 3d st. would be worth $100,000. i
_______
S2.".000— Corner; new building; rents $221; '•
lot .'1G:Cx1C0 feet.
$-1.000 — Larkln-st. business corner; lot 35
feet frontage; rents $1800 annually.
$20.0iX) — Polk-st. business property; 2 stores
and lodging-house-, lot :!O_t>5 feet: rents $145; I
> tio.ooo bank mortgage can remain.
$1S,.-O0- Post st.: lot 02:6x124 feet; 2 front-'
I ages; very good Improvements; rents $140.
! $1.1.CC0— Rent $l.!0: good flats: vicinity Van I
Ness and Grcvc ; lot 27:Hxl2O feet; this bargain
is hard to beat.
$12.C0O^ — Union-st. flats; new; Iot 26x100
feet; rents $112 50.
Sll.COO— Ccrner Seventh st.; 55 feet frontage-
fine building site.
$10,500— Pine st.. bet. Mason and Taylor;
iot 26x137:6 feet; three-story improvements.
$S500— 2 stores and 4 flats: corner north of
Market at.: 43:« feet frontage; yearly rents
$060; paying 11% per cent.
$5000 — Ml5»ion business corner; 3 stores- I
rents $480 yearly; Iot 43xS0 feet.
i
RESIDENCES. i
$60.C0ft— Magnificent residence. 15 rooms and |
baths; Interior mahogany wood; most costly
finish throughout: lot 125xl37:ti feet; pano-!
ramie view of city and bay.
$15.00<v_californla-st. residence: 12 rooms
and bath: let 35x137:6 feet; choice block.
J1500— 4-room cottage; lot 27:6x100 feet;
Mission warm belt
- t
CHOICE LOT3.
$15.000— NW. corner; 56:6x137:6 feet: unsur-
passed marine view; must be sold this week.
S8250— Broadway, north side and best resi-
dence block; unobstructed view; lot 27x137:6
SPECK & CO.
200 Montgomery st.. opposite Milts building. !
McAFEB BROTHERS. "
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
1CS Mcnt_'' i mery st.
Phone Main 78.
$l.r.rc— Ccrner ntar Golden Gate Park: com-
mands fine view; 3 frontagres; size 61x
100; a splendid Iot for 2 residences.
$tk'O— I^ts en Point Lobos; fine marine
view: easy terms.
, St. CCO — Lnt sunny side of Jackson at.: Prs-
sldio Heights: uninterrupted marina
view; 23xl27:SV.; old improvements:
must be rold; make offer.
$2.SC0 — Corner lot: Cth ave. and Hugo st. ; :U"»x
05: hltumlnlzt'tl street work; same' lots
brought $3«.1'5 at auction last week.
$J>,fiCO — Two modern flats, 6 and 7 rooms; Clay
• Ft., n?ar Baker; lot 2oxl27:S'i feet;
rents $75.
si.:;."r — Panhandle cottage, 7 rooms: lot 23x.SO
feet: modern.
37,C0O — Mission residence. 12 rooms; near
Guerrero st.. bet. luth and 20th; lot COx
114 feet: rents $40.
$.'{0,Q0O — Fine marine view residence: Vallejo
bt.', near. Octavia: lot 74:3x137:6 feet; 2-
etnry residence of 19 rooms, etegaiitly
furnifhed In natural woods; grounds In
fine order; unobstructed marine vlew
S2.25C— Lot on Gre«n st.. near Octavia- size
20:8x137:0 feet. m * e
SI, 600 — Ixit on fcth ave., near Presidio wnll
sl-e 25x120 feet. ""'
$3.200 — Two chran loti In Presidio Heights-
Ijjurel st.. near Sacramento.
Send for list or cheap lots In all parts of the
city.
Go to Willard ami Frederick sts.. 1 block
went of Slanyan. and see the new flats i us t
computed; doors will be open all day Sundav
McVFF.E BROTHKRS
1CS MONTGOMERY ST.
11.23 PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots Is the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all le~t|- no
trading to do; ready to build your littlt honw
or.; cloee to electric rars and school.
?t> Mont-umery st.. room &.
McKAY & CO., WEAlTEST^TEZswrrMTsiloir
$151 0— 2-story house of _ store-, with 2 flats-
rents $C0 per month: leased ground rent
cf lot $22 SO p«r month; on V* tenet*! n-ar!
Twenty-fifth st.; cottages at a bargain; tots
from $150 up; call and see some of these '
bargains. .
McKAY & CO.. 3003 Mission st. |
| THORNE & KILPATRICK.
•- .312 Bush st., near Montgomery.
$1S,000 — MuAUister-st. business property: down
town; line ..-story building; 2 stores wah
flats. _bove; all In perfect condition;
rented cheap; pays v ptr cent; north side
tf :.treu; Iot 35x100.
$42,500— Turk st., nr. Market; new hotel build-
Ing of 83 rooms; all latest appliances;
25x137:6; pays 6 per cent net and cer-
tain to advance In value; rents can be
greatly increased upon expiration of
present l?ase. which has not long to run.
$10,000 — Commercial st., nr. Montgomery; sub-
stantial 3-story brick Duslness building.
$13,000 — Grove st., nr. Lyon; 4 modern flats:
rents $1470 per year; lot 37:6x112:6: pays
11 1-3 per cent; excellent neighborhood.
$6, SCO — Frederick st., nr. Cole; 2 flats about
11 months old; 5 and 6 rooms, baths:
rents $fll CO per month; bank mortgage
•5H5CO at 6 per cent can remain.
$14, COO — Three new, up-to-daie. bay-windowed
flats; on northeast corner, overlooking
the bay; superb, unobstructed marine
view; bank mortgage $6500 at ti per cent
can remain if desired; this property pos-
itively must be. sold; built by owner for
•j his own use; only 6 months oM.
I $28,500 — Central-ave. corner, near Presidio: 6
new. handsome flats of 5 to 9 rooms:
first-class In every respect; unexcelled
car service. ¦ '
$10.500 — Rents $1200 per annum; overlooking
Duboce Park: .1 flats. 6 rooms each: built
14 months; finished basement; this Is a
bargain.
$12,500 — Rents $1.'JCS per annum: best renting
nart of the Mission; Inside 10th st. ; 6
flats; lot 35x155. .
SPECIAL.
$6,000 — Twenty-first st.. nr. Guerrero: 2 flats.
5 and 8 rorns and baths <3-story build-
ing); rents $U5 per month: pays Vi per
rent: in center of Mission warm belt; lot
25x115; the adjoining lot. laid out In
flowers and lawn, can be bought with it
! If desired, making a beautiful home and
> Ftlll paying over « per cent en the whole
: com.
$7,500 — Guprrero-st. corner, center of Mission
warm belt: 2 modern flats, 5 and 6 sunny
rooms: finished basement.
$8,2C0 — Page St.. nr. Laguna- residence of 10
rooms: finished basement, heater, etc.;
lot 27:6x120 to rear street; reduced from
S12.CO0.
I $16.000 — G«-ary st., near Van Ne.«s avo.: mod-
! em residence of 11 rooms: finished bss>e-
ment with heater; lot 30x120, with
j double frontage.
' SPECIAL.
, $14,5C0— Klegant new residence. 12 rooms. 2
I baths: all latest Improvements: finished
In hardwood; marine view that cannot
be obstructed; situated near Broadway
and Flllmore st.
$4,500— Six-room modern house; in perfect
condition; Sixth ave., near Lake st.
LOTS.
Take a look at the northeast corner of Cen-
tra! ave. and Warhington st. j these lets are ;
! about to be graded and put In perfect order j
i for building; will build houses to suit purchas-
i ers; flr.e neighborhood; marine view.
j
¦ Northeast corner Geary and Webster sts.; i
building; lot. level and on grade; suitable for '
flats, residences or apartments: 68:0x82:6; will ;
be told at a very reasonable figure.
Beale st., near Mission; 47:10x137:6; suitable
for larse business building; price on applica-
tion.
SPECIAL.
Only $2250; cheapest lot In the city; a key
lot on Leavenworth st.. near Chestnut; 25x
1U7:6; or will sell 50x137.6 at same rate.
T,'e have « _T
Cottager from $1000 to $6000.
Houses from $4500 to $75,000.
Flats from $36fx> to $50,000.
Investments at all prices.
Building lots in all parts of the city.
Rents collected and full charge taken of prop-
erty.
THORNE & KILPATRICK,
312 Bush »t.. near Montgomery.
MADISON & BURKE.
REAL, KSl'ATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. ISoS.
SO Montgomery at Opposite Lick House.
$7,00O— Sacramento «., north line, near
Steiner; 0-room house; In fine condition;
this Is a nice home.
$12,C0O — Post St.; two large, well constructed!
houses; very larce lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$9,000 — 6 flats and store below; near tfixth
and Brannan st*.; rent $S0 per month;
i new building.
$S,CCO — Ashbury st... near Frederick; a fln»
large 10-room house; near the park;
billiard-room, finished attic and all I
modern conveniences. j
$10.750 — Page St.; 2 up-to-date flats, 6 and 7 j
rooms and bath; annual rent $900. ¦
$3,250— Reaver st., near Noe; beautiful cot- )
tage. just the thing for a small tamlly;
line rarden. ;
$3,000—^Cottage and lot: Bartlett St.. near j
Twenty-first; 6 rooms and bath; all
latest Improvements.
• $:).SCO — Clipper St., near Castro.
$3,750 — Grand ave., near Mission St.; 2 good
. flats; price low; rent $33.
$4,000 — Tenth st., near Harrison; lot 25x100;
rent $32.
LOTS
$9.000 — Steiner St., bet. lleary and O'Farrell;
i car lines; 2 lots, • 55x137:0 feet.
$1, COO— Fourteenth ave. and A st., corner, 120 |
feet on the new Park Panhandle.
$1,000^ — Harrison st.. near 2Sth; fine cottage, '
5 rooms and bath; lot 25x110; cheap.
$4,30U— Chattsnooea st., near Twenty-third:
large lot, Boxll7:0 to rear street.
Lots 27:6x137:0. on Sutter st., between Steiner
and Pierce.
nulldlng lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
! ave. and Baker st. ; In sixes to suit;
: prices from $2000 upward. ;
Throe loti. each 27:<!xl37:fi. on south line of
Geary st.. near Flllmore.
MADISON & BURKE.
! "0 Montromery st., opp. Lick House.
CALIFORNIA
| TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY,
410 MONTGOMERY ST..
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
THE ADOPTION OF TITLE INSURANCE
POLICIES WITH THIS COMPANY of late
yt-ars by all banks, trust companies, corpora-
tions and the general public, demonstrates
that the system Is an established and com-
plete success.
CAL. TITLE INSURANCE & TRUST CO. !
MANAGES ESTATES, GREAT OR SMALL.
Intrusted ot Its care according to the best I
Judcment of imsn known for intfjTlty and ;
business standing.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY bavin* a complete lo-
cality Dlant or cor>y of .the real estate rec-
ords, constructed especially for insuring: real i
rotate tltleH like modern plants of New j
York. Bcrton. Chlcnso and Kattern cities: |
reasonable rates: all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD. i
T'r*«l<lcnt Dank of California. I
CHARLES R. BISHOP, [
Vice. I'res. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE, . i
Of Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P N. LILIKNTHAL.
Manacer Anglo-Callfornlan Bank.
WARRKJC OLNKY. .
Olney & Olney. Att'j-8 and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGF. •
Pur*. McCutchen & Knight. Att'ys.
\. T. SPOTT8
Mm-. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. 530 California it. j
NELSON. JOHNSON. & CO..
' 205 Mont_omery st., opp. Mills bids.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
Foreclosure. Probate and Forced Sales of All
Kinds will be Found In Our
UP-TO-DATE BUYERS' GUIDE.
An Illustrated monthly catalogue, containing
a carefully selected . list of cheapest properties
offered on the market In every location. Send
us your address and we will mall you one. j
us your au NFLSON JO I_NSON & CO..
20.1. Montgomery St.. opp. Mills bldg. ,
SAN FRANCISCO homes, at Ocean View.
$2000 Two-story ' dwelling, 8 rooms; gocd
well. etc.
$t$0O Lovely cottage. 5 rooms, bath, pan-
trv; etc.
S16OO— New G-room cottare.
$2SO each — 4 level lots;- Farallonea st. ¦ ;
*_r>0 each— 2 choice lots; Minerva st.
i-Wearh— 2 choice lots; Palmetto ave. '
THISTLETON & CO.. 272 Sadowa st.
*5 PER MONTH.
Investigate the city of Richmond, where th«
Standard OH' Company. Santa Fe Railroad
Company. Southern Pacific Rallrond Company
ami numerous " manufactures plants are at
work. Lots are sure to increase in value. AU
level. .'Maps free.
• RICHMOND LAND COMPANY.
¦'.¦ . Crocker Bulldinc S. F.
BARGAINS— Will sell 2 or 3 Chinatown in-
come properties cheap. Box 37SO, Call. .
¦IEAI, KgTATE— 4,'ITY- FOR S\LE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery st., ,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND AUCTION-
EBR8. !
i *56,0C0 — 6 elegant flats of 0 rooms each, in !
very cooice locality; tvnts $330 per i
month: 5_:6xl20 to rear street.
$20.000— Ccrner on Post St.. 100x100; improve-
ments consist of 1 house and «t ccttose*
of 6-5 rcotr.s and bath rach; rents $97 50
per month; a splendid holding to lm-
• prove
$_O.CCO— Hryaut-st. corner, rented for $2250
per annum; Improvements consist of 4
cottage* of 4 rooms each and 7 houses
of 3-0 each: 56:3x275.
$1S,000 — Corner on Sansome St.; old Improve-
ments ot lltU« value; CS:Uxl2ti:7; a
! cplendid holding to Improve.
$14,500—2 new Washlngton-st. flats of 7 rooms |
: and bath each- renting for $1500 per an-
• nuin: bay-windows, etc.: 25xlO2:SVi-
$12,50u — 3 very nice new bay window flats of 0
rooms and bath each: in the Panhandle
district; renting for $110 per month;
mortgage $JC«>0 can remain; 25x125.
$_2,O0O— Vtry fine business corner on 24th st.:
Improvements, 2 flats of 4-3 rooms and
bath each, ccttage of 4 rooms and 2
stores with living rooms; rents $1^5<>
per annum, which could easily be in-
creased: lot 50x104; vtry cheap.
jll.POrt— Hiii-lne*. corner on Fifth St.; etore and
flat snd cottage; 25x75.
If, 500— 2 nice Western Addition flats of «-6
rooms, renting for $00 per month, which
I* low: 29x120 to rear street.
I jr.oOO— Rrnts ?M0 per annum, which Is very
I low; 3 new, modern, sunny flats of 5-« i
I rooms and bath each; nicely located in
I the Mission; 25x105.
| $7.500 — Rents $000 per annum, which Is low;
I 22d et.; 2-story house of 5 rooms e^chr
a desirable holdlnr: lot 70 ft. Iront.
J ?5.506— Rent* $51« per annum; house and 2
1 flat*; on Folsom street.; splendid piece
of property wtth a 25-ft. irontaKe. i
• $4.500— Langton St.; store and 2 flats; rents
$4_ 00 per month : 25x75.
$4,500— 2 very nice flats. cJose to Clay and |
i Taylor its.; renting for $456 per annum; i
6-7 rooms each.
For further particulars of the above, and for |
j the R^al Estate Record, containing a list of
j properties for t-ale in all parts of the city. In-
quire at our o'ftc*.
j G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery St..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
I DESIRABLE sunny building lots, close to Du-
i boce Park: bltumlnixed streets; lou level ar.d
ready to build en: a rare chance to obtain a
holding, admirably sltuattd and close to the
I city, at a very reasonable price; diapram,
price and all further particular* nt our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Aaents and Auctioneers.
MORE LARGE LOTS.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK. ,
$1650 TO $1850.
EASY TERMS.
LOTS 33:4x120.
Encouraged by the rapid sale of the block
recently ulaced on th» market In the Jordan
Tract, the owner. Mr. J. C. Jordan, has in-
! structed us to offer the half block to the eaet.
'¦ tacing on Jordan avenue, on exactly the same
; terms and conditions as governed the t-a.\e of
1 the flrst block. The large lots and the build-
¦ ing restrictions have proven to be a great suc-
! cess among those who contemplate building de-
: eirable homes.
Have you seen the rroperty? The land is
; being sold in exceptionally large lots. 33:4x120.
at the extremely low prices mentioned above.
Terms are one-fifth cash and the balance in
'¦ four yearly payments of one-fifth each with
! the privilege of paying faster. Building re-
' strictions have been placed on this property,
t which make it possible tor you to build a home
i or two flats without being damaged by nelgh-
! boring buildings. The*e restrictions prohibit
i the use of the land for stores, coal yards.
! laundries, etc. Thret-story flats are also prt>-
: hibited.
W« have cold 16 lots in this block to p««Pl«
j who will make exceptionally good lmprove-
i menu. This if the only block In the city where
j you can buy a large lot, where all the lots are
large and all the Improvements good. This
' plan has succeeded In all of the large cities In
the E**t and the rapid sale cf this land proves
, that it I* In favor here. Prices range from
; ;.',_ 50 to £55 Oo a front foot, which is ex-
. tremely low for property *o well Htuated.
Take our advice and see the land at once.
: It can be reached by the Sacramento and Eddy
i $tr«*t lines besides the Geary and Sutter street
' liner. The new California electric road which
: will take the place of the steam dummy will
pans the property. Make ha«te and see th«
¦ land at oi*ce. as It Is going fast.
LYON & HOAG.
116 Montgomery st.
CENTER & SPADER.
11 Montgomery st.. Lick House Block.
: $3G,O00 — Pine st.. near Kearny: thrte-story
brick building; renting low at *1C5;
particulars at office.
: $15.500 — Near Fulton and Van Ness; 3 new up-
to-date flats of «J-7-7 rooms, and 2-story
house of S rooms; renting for $115 per
month; lots 17:6x1-31 :3.
: Sixteenth »t.. NW. corner Shotwell; choice lot,
l'.C'xllO; just the site for hotel ur
apartments.
i $;sC00 — Grove *t.. nr. Franklin: large factory
bulldinc. with lot 5»ixl00; or will lease
game for 5 years at reasonable rent.
$20.500 — California st.. NE. corner, inside Polk
st.; stores and flats; rents lo-.- at $150;
size of !ot, 35x70.
$12,000 — Rents $112 50 per month: three up-to-
date flats, containing C rooms tn «>ach;
i just completed; tine location; Frederick
*t.. near Ashbury.
i $!1,OCO— Fulton st.. nr. Cole; three new mod-
em fl»t«; rents $105; lot 25x100.
i $6.750— rtrnts $f.O; new l.uil.lln-; rtore and
flat. 6 rooms; nort!'*a*t corner; street
work all done; lot -5xf»7; a bargain.
; $4.100 — Rents $.15: Filbert St.. nr. Fillmore:
flats. 4 and ."> rooms; two frontages;
bir lot. 37x120.
I $.1.MX>— Rente $3»; four flats, on Shipley St.;
In flr.e condition; lnt 25x75.
i $3,300— Rents $2«; two flats n n Valley st., near
Dolores: lot 27x114; snan.
; $4.500^ — Pnap; four lots with cottage. 5 rooms;
stable: on Florida st.. nr. Twentieth: .
cheapest property in neighborhood;
size. 106xlon.
j $2,200 — Hayes st.. nr. Clayton; desirable bulld-
lnr tot; very cheap; 25x137.
CENTER & SPADER.
j — _
F. B. SURRYHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
UNI MONTGOMERY ST.
$»i000 — Latrcna St.. nr. Elll«s; 2-storj". bay-
wlndnw re*ldtnee. 7 rooms and bath: cheap.
Sinro — c'Fairell st.. nr. Flllmor*; 2-story
residence. f> rooms and bath: bargain.
$:tf«0C — Natotna st.. nr. Oth; nice cottage, 5
• rccms and bath.
1 $h.V)0— - Co«t over ?11.CTO: Hayes st., over-
I looking Alamo Square; fine modern residence, !
j H rooms and hath: mortgage of ?5OC0 can re-
I nuin if desired. '
$4600 — Want an offer: Pine St.; nice modern 1
bay-window ccttage. 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x .
I 137:6. !
SS.V>0 — Gouph St.. nr. Vallejo: handsome mod-
'¦ trn r»«Ide;>ee. H rooms and hath. :
; $5750 — Hayes st.. nr. Flllmore; fine modern :
. bay-wlndyw residence. 0 rcoms and bath; very |
• eh«sp.
$13C0 — Snap; Golden Gate-ave. building lot, i
! _J>xlOf».
$rKKO — Larkin i-t.. r.r Pacific: cottaj*. 5
i room* and hath, and stable; lot 27:CxS7:fi.
, $0000— Want an offer; Mission «t. ; 2 stores
and 2 flati.; rented very lorr at $6<J per month;
could eaally b« rals?d to »75; lot 40x95. ;
'
$12,500.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Magnificent, new. modern, fashionable re*i-
denre, 12 rooaui and bath; situated on 22d ave., ,
| between Lake rt. and the Presidio; commands
j an unusually fine view of Fort Point, thn
I Hearts, etc. : lot 1W!xl20 ft.: large mortgage
can be arranged If desired: Improvements cost i
' more than the above nmount to build.
HAWKS A.- EKELTON. j
Rents Collected and Entlr*- Charge Taken of
Property.
$13,600— Fine house; I^avenworth, near Clay;
¦ 9 rooms and bath; laundry In basement: i
; building in flrst-clas* condition; view of !
! Golden Gate from rear.
$12,500 — "i new fiats, n-ar Haight and Ash-
bury: modern every way; H, 7, 7 rooms;
mortgage of $*XM» can remain, 0 per ct.
$7.300— Marine view lot; Hyde st., near
Chestnut; 36:8x110; very fine view as-
ture_; ti'w bulldlnr each side of it; on
Hyde-st. car line.
$7,000 — Octavia at., near Broadway; good
houte of 7 rooms and bath; fine view of
bay from frcmt and rear; bare lot Is
worth the price: 25x137; make offer.
?5.T0O— NW. cor. Doutlass and 2Sth sts.; a
rood investment; 23 lots for only $250
each.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery et.
$12,500— WASHINGTON Kt.. near Scott. 3
flats; lot 27:0x100.
1 $11.000 — Scott st.: ;: flats; 7 rooms each; new
$12.500— O'Farrell St.; 3 flats; 0 rooms each;
i new.
$7.000 — Scott at.; fine corner; 8 rooms: stare.
$«.000— Sanchez «t.; fine corner: 28x00; imp.
$1.000— Scott ft., near O'Farrell; cottage; 4 i
rooma. j
I $2,700—1)21 Church, nr. 22d: 6 rooms bath I
| *5,OC0— Gilbert st.; O flats; rents SR5 month.
Waller st.. nr. Stanyan: lot 58x»0. t
I*o_t. nr. Van Ness ave.: lot' 27:flxl2O !
Dolores st.. bet. 23d and 24th; lot 23x117 ,
to alley.
fl.fiOO— Chenery st. ; lot 50x100.
PATTERSON. Examiner bldgr.. room 202.
$2^00— LEVEL lot. COxlCO ft.; south~Tine~PoInt
LoboK av*., 2_:« wtst of Ninth ave.
$450— SE. cor. 20th _ve. and C St.; 25x1 IS ft.;
one block from Golden Gate Park.
$2S5O— NE. cor. lkth ave. and Fulton St.: •>-:»<
xlOO: opposite Golden Gate Park.
$2fX>C— Splendid level NW. cor.; 21*t ave and
Clement *t.; t'OxlOO ft.; ready for building
A.JJRUCKER. Room 13. ,'W floor,- Mills bl<Sg.
$l«0— NKW cottage. 0 r. and b.; Ran Jose ave.
*_n.V)— New cottage. « r. and b.; Fan Jose ave.
*?«C0 — NVvr rottage. 7 r. and b. : San Jose ave.
Small f_yment down, balance like rent.
D. COFFIN St CO.. 3303 Mission et.
RK*1, V>T*Ti;~CITV— KOR ' SALK.
, BALDWIN & HOWELL.
**5 POST *?T
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
' Rents Collected — Loans Negotiated.
City Agents for Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
I ¦
i Publishers of the "Buyer and Seller," a
j monthly paper devoted to the interest of Real
! Estate owners and those Intending to Invest.
Contains a full list of property for sale. Free
on application. ,
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
Marine view lots on Vallejo, Green, Brode-
rick and Baker stn.; lot any size; terms to
suit, prices frcm $1<M> up.
Level lots on Hayes. Fell and Broderick sts.;
29x137:0 each; suitable for flats or residences}
price $25GO and up.
Broadway, north side, near Hyde; ft lot*;
25x137:6; $1125 each.
Bush St.; cheap lot; alze 24x87:5; bargain
at $1500.
Baker St.; corner lot; near entrance to
Golden Gate Park; 30x8"; price $4000; also 3
inside loU on Baker st. at $100 a front foot;
fiats pay well here.
{ Splendid marine view block; to be sold as a
whole; nothing finer to be had; 275x412:6:
$225,000; Broadway and Devlsadero; overlooks
I bay; unsurpassed view.
i
! Callfornla-st. lot. near Jones; 25:0x137:6;
$12,750.
Central ave. cor. Fulton: 40x63:9; choice
j for a new building; price $4500.
i Clay st.: Presidio Heights home lot; fine ex-
• posure both sides; X?xlO2:8%; $4500.
I Large lot right down town; suitable for
1 apartment-house; double frontage; 27:6x120;
I Fulton st., near Larkln; nothing to be had In
I this district; price only $S0CO.
Cheap lot on Filbert st. near Broderick 25
i xl37:6. with large L 2yx95 to Presidio St.,
! making 2 lots; J2600.
Montgomery-st. corner lot: runs through to
rear street; 25x56:3; price $000.
Gough. near Green: 27x100; $4500.
HaiKht St.. near Clayton: 25x100; $3300.
Jacksun. near Walnut; 25x100; $3000.
Lombard, near Van Ness; 27:fix1.17:G; price
$2500; another lot, 25x100; price $2250.
Three lots on Lombard -st. boulevard near
Devlsadero; 25x137:6; $1450 each.
McAlli*ter-st. corner lot; 26:6x98:5; near the
Park; $1200.
Oak st. SW. corner Steiner: 110x102; $20,000;
Oak. near Lyon. 25x110; $S500.
Sacramento. SW. corner Locust, 37:6x100;
i $5125.
: Farnansus Heights. Sunaet. Richmond Dls-
I trlct and Ocean Beach property on easy pay-
ments.
$0500— Great sacrifice; elegant marine view
residence on Masonic ave., containing 11
rooms, bath, hardwood floors, etc.; large lot.
. .'tr.xluij; house only 0 month* old.
' BALDWIN & HOWELL,
j 25 Post st.
I SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
I $7,000 — Broadway, nt_r L-evuadero; nne slt.i
for residence; lut ;;.¦»:« it. trunt; grand
! marine view; a bargain.
I $7,500 — nii.adway. near Fillmore; fine lot,
; 80x137:0 leet; unobstructed marine
! view ; i/rice reduced trom $hi>ov>.
¦ $30,000 — O'rVrrell at., near Jones; investment
, of .'{ 'name ilueilint*, rents |l_v; lut
; 45:10x0t>:W It.; a great bargain.
! 16.000— L>«visadero st., near Haight; resi-
| dence; n rooms and bath; lot 25x125 u.
. ?S,000 — Huward-st. fiats; 2 blocks irom new
Poatoince; rents $64 50 per month.
i v*,250 — Hakcr gt., near Jackson; 2 eltgant
: flats; rents J57 50 per month; lut -:»_
lou ft.
! $7,500 — Cnlun-st. corner, near Devisaderc; el-
c_ant marine view; lot 52:0x110 ft.;
UiUtt be sold.
; *7,250 — iCHis tt., near Bui-hanan; 2 fine bay-
window flats, «-7 rooms and bath; rents
?05; lot 25:9 ft. front.
S24.5OO— Post St.. near Leavenworth: fine sub-
stantial improvements; rents $135; large
I lot, .-.¦• ft. front; building should be
: raised and stores put under; wouid pay
; large return.
I ?ll,00o— Jackson-st. residence of 11 rooms and
' bath; modern In every way; lut 25x
127:8'i ft-
$21,250 — Jackson-st. corner; Presidio Heights;
elegant modern residence of 11 rooms, 2
baths; first floor, library, double parlors,
dining-room, beamed celling, paneled
oak, hardwood floors, etc.; 4 bedrooms
and 2 bedrooms in attic; lot S7:tix
127:8' i ft.; grand marine view.
! $5,750 — Clay St., near Webster; residence o* 9
rooms and bath; lot 25x102: 4 Vi feet: lot
is situate on corner of a public alley;
light and sun on three sides.
I $3,250 each— Filbert ft., near Scott: magnlfl.
cent marine view; lots 27:6x137:8 feet
each, and corner 55x187:6 feet.
flO.500— Hyde St.. near Sutter; line re*ld-?.ice
of li> rooms and bath; rents for tWj a
' month.
$17,000 — Second-st. corner, near Harrison; 70x
JK» feet: fine site for factory or ware-
house purposes.
Get a c-oriy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
1 SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
Real Estate Agents.
: 218-220 Montgomery et.
$90,000 — 5-story bulldinp, consisting of stores
and apartment huuse; lot 57:0x1-0; rents
i StfCiO per annum.
I $7500 — 2 new, fleRant fiats, Sacramento st. ;
.*> and d rooms and bath: elegantly finished;
flat* rent* $65; lot 25x107.
$l».50O— Six flats JuRt completed. • corner.
, 27:6_10?i:»i; rents $IR7 50; fine neighborhood.
: ?m«io — .'I new. modern flatB: Mieslon; 6, C
I and <i rooms and bath. Just being completed;
rtnta ?72 50.
i $1.1.11)0 — Investment property; Pacific St.,
i near Powrll; rented low at $80 per month.
! $55f/0— North Beach Investment; Kearny
! st.: lot BOxl3T:0; rent $70; cheap.
i $9750^ — Elegant corner lot for flats, this side
of Fll'.tnore Bt. : splendid neighborhood; W>x
114.
$30.000 — Corner Investment, stores and
flats: rent S177 50, which can be Increased.
$2250 — Chinatown property; .lot 27:6x56;
r:nt $24 i>er month; mortgage $1000 can re-
i main.
fSGOO — North Reach investment, 4 flats and
1 £table; renting at present for $50; could be
rals*d to $65; lot 4«:10xf>0.
I $K5C0— New, modern house, 9 rooms and
¦ bath: finifhed attic and bailment, wlneroom,
: laundry, etc.; Ashbury Heights District; lot
29x177 :«.'
i K1ELV, MeNEVIN & CO., Inc.,
: Real Estate.
| 203 Montgomery street.
I B. GETZ, Room 22, Chronicle Bldg.
OWNER AND DEALER.
NEW BLOCK on the OCEAN BEACH.
; STREETS GRADED.
Lots Level on the Grade to Build Upon.
¦ Sui>erb View of the . Ocean.
! Easy Monthly Inttallments— Perfect Bargains.
$60 to $400— Ocfan Heights and boulevard lots.
$350 to $500— l!)th-ave. boulevard lots; graded.
$25i) to ?12C0 — Bun'set and Richmond lots: on
I block faclne Knreckles Lake and new Park
speed truck; easy payments.
I $150 up — Excelsior Homestead lots: level on
grade; city water; Mlsslon-st. car».
$75 to $100— Ocean View level lots; tstreets
: graded; city water: name your own payments.
$10C0 to $500) — Modern houses and cottages In
alt districts on very easy Installments.
Call at My Offlce. Room 22. Second Floor,
Chronicle Building.
GAFFEY & MAHON. Real Estate Agents.
505 California st.
The witlre estate of the late Myles D.
Sweeney has been placed In our hands for
sale, comprising In part:
That fraud mnrlne view 50-vara lot, SE
corner of Jonex and Green sts.
The middle 60-vara. N side of Broadway,
bet. Mason and Taylor sts., and 12 flats
thtreon: cood Income property.
The NW corner Chestnut and Larkln: one
of the most majestic marine views in city.
The SW corner Rroadway and Mason 8t.
and Improvements there on, bringing good
rents, etc.
Beautiful bulldlnc lot on Steiner st., near
Hermann, 44x00.
First-class building lot, oOxlST, on Clipper
street.
! POINT RICHMOND "
j IS GROWING FASTER
I THAN ANY OTHER TOWN
; IN THE .STATB.
FORTUNES TO BK MADE REAL ESTATE
, THE SANTA F13 TRACT
OFFERS BEST OPPORTUNITIES.
' LOTS ALL LEVEL.
READY TO BUILD ON
STREETS GRADED.
BITUMEN SIDEWALKS.
$5 MONTHLY.
\ McEWEN BROS..
IIS MONTGOMERY ST. .
ESTATE of D. R. JONES, deceased— The prop-
. erty at 545 California st.. near corner of
California and Kearny. will be sold to settle
above estate. Blda must be In within ten
day*. Inquire at room _2, third floor, 222
Hansom* et.
INCOME property; south of Market and China-
town: homes Richmond, Sunset. Mission dis-
trict*: printed list city and country property
exchanges. W. J. White. 20 Montgomery, r. 9.
JOHIST D. SPEECEELS, yropr j^?5-'
ftoia uaaauBSfcu'-rSl Ktnpatt.mgg
W. J. MARTIN" B u s I n ess^ Manager
1EX DOLLARS KliWAKD.
Soitty Tin- Call Office tf You -Miss
Your Taper.
If frr itnr cans. THE CAXit. Is not At-
tlvered rarularly to guhmcrt*tt9 PWM
eaU .p "CALL EXCKAlfOS" and notify
Bubscrlptlcn Clerk tn cHarr*. Tonr ooxa-
nlalat will recelr* prompt atteatloxu
A Btaadlnjr reward of Ten Dollar*
< SIOjOQ) li offered Jor tf arwrt and
conviction of any on* caturnt «**«»«
•^•J_E CALL.
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The Operator Win Con-
nect Tou With the Department Tou Wish.
Publication Ornce Market and Third, 8. F.
KditoriAl Boom* 217 to 221 Stevenson st. t
D*1iv#t«<1 by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week, 76
Ct». Per Month. 6inrl« Copies » S^W-fh
Term* by Mall. Inclufilr* Po«taKe <cash Wit-
Order): ..
DAILT CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year....»«>
DAILT CALL (Includ. Sunday). 6 mos 4 ; W
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •?*
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Tear 2 -£?
WEEKU CALL. 1 Tear l -°°
*.^»» T ,-. f Daily... $S. SO Per Tear Extr-
fOREIGN J Sunday. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
POSTAGE. \ weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extr»
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Easiple Ccp;es will b* forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail *ub»cribers In orderlnc change of »d-
Crttf rhould be particular to rive both >EW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt an. correct compliance with their r»-
queet.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1116 Broadway Telephone Mala 1083
BKRKELET OFFICE:
214S Center Street Telephone North •!
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
tWIMUF.L W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEW6 STANDS:
W«.!_orf-Artori- Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Uilon Square: Murray Hill Hotel; FtfU»-av«-
rur Hotel axbl HoCis-n House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.Marquette Bulidins
<Losr Distance Telephone. '-Central 2t>18.">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
Call, ccrr-er Market and Third street?; open
until 12 oclork every r.irht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
.1006 Market ttreet. oppoclt« Fifth; open -Dill
11 p- m.
E27 Montromery street, corner Clay; open
untli 9:30 p. m.
S0<« Haye« street; open until 9:30 p. m.
*S3 McAllietfr street; open until J»:SO p. m.
• :.'• L-arK:r. «tr»*». opm until 0:30 p. m.
1«H1 Mission street; opea until 10 p. m.
t_*:i Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until :¦ p. m.
•IOC Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
!(»« Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
op*n until « o. m.
Ncrth«-t»t rrrr.er of T»-enty-»eeond and Ken-
tucky *treet»; open until 0 p. m.
ZSOO Flllmore «tre*t: op«?n until 9 p. m.
TO SCRSriURFRS LRATTXG TOWN
Ton THE SU3DIE*".
CAI.L Kiibsciibari contemnlatlnr a
rtacre ct residence dnrtnff the ¦nnuner
r_catt.s can hart their paper forwarded
BT wall to their new address by nctlfv-
tar THE CALL Business OSe*. Tbls
rarer will also be on sale at all tommer
tercrtt and it represented by a local
e-rent tn all tcwai on the coart.
ftKAL ESTATK CITY FOR SALE.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «4* MARKET 6T.
ONLY »4O«0 CASH HEQCIHED.
$!>2SO — ii atw modern tl-ts up-to-date In every'
particular; t>n a krand northeaKt corner; al-
way_ n-nted. i*>UiK $'J>K» per annum. By as-
•t'ming .- mortgage »f ?"i_.Vi this property will
im.y cvtr 2o per ctnt p«r annum.
ilU.OUU — Magnificent great large northeast
corner. Cenir-I »v«. ; un.mproved; 100zl01i:3.
•¦fSSfO— Beautiful 7-roon hrwne. Richmond; on
S»tb a»_.. near C_liioir.ia; One his* basement,
brii k toundsticn; let 25x120.
$23,OV»— <Jood 2-*torv houee of 2 flats and
albo a !K<ut>e ,»i rtar; on fclii* et.. near Hyde;
_T:__tu;:v
$21,C0u — a :i.jur.:r,'»r.i. new. modern flat*.
9-i»-lo room* each; renting- for over *:MOO p*r
• r.r.um; t'irrtrf «t.. near McAllister; lot S«':<»
$15. <**>— Good 2-story houte on Bush *t.,
near Hjd*: bringinif in an Income of $1200
pes annum net; 27 :tixl:i7 :<>.
$S000 — .*. new modern flats on Capp tt., rent-
:c* for $*7tf per annum; finert in the district;
.-.t -3-11&.
$10,500 — 3 modern flats on Fol-cm rt., near
2<nb; plenty of eun and light; vtry desirable;
renting tor $K<60 wr annum.
$IS,OCG — Aa elegant corner. 170 feet frontage;
on Hith »t.; Improvements paying at the pres-
ent time <25O per month; magnificent holding
for building of stores and flats
$12.000 — C flats on Guerrero, near 15th; rent-
teg for $1I« per month; frontage of 04 feet.
t'TSO— 2-etcry residence. 8 roomi and bath;
Cr»t-clats condition; ltith and Guerrero.
$24.600 — f. new. elegant, modern flats; bring-
ing :n an income of $2*00 per annum and al-
«"tys rented; on a corner near Devleadero et.;
37.6x06:10.
. . $7000 — 6 flats in first-class condition ; 4 and
2 rooms eacfc; new plumbing throughout: rent-
sn« for $744 per annum, or over 10 per cent; oa
Tehama *t.. nest 4th; lot 35rS0.
S"'y» — An elerant northeast comer, the best
one ef the four, 00x110 teet; on 20th st
«."'-Army.tt. lot*. -Sxll4.
$700 — Army-st. corrier. 30x114.
»S»-~CurTi«rr let. SKtfc and Diamond: 30x114.
$O0O— 27th. near Noe; large lot. 40x114.
BARGAIN.
$4100— Buifc »t.. near BrotSertck; 37:6xl37:t
We ar« offering a number of esp-eclally de-
e^rable wood«?d xilla lots, private taie. at Palo
Alto. For full partlculers apply to C M
WOOSTER COMPANY. 648 Market et., S. F.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOT8!
$i00 to $1200— Easy Terms.
New "Occaneide" Lot* on Official Grade,
r.tlcg »nd Unobstructed View of Park
and Ocean.
______
. » u uit and cheapest home sites ever offered
Alt bargains! Ee* Uiera to-day!
•txeanilde" brench office, cor. H street and
4*tb avenue.
Opes Sundays and Holidays.
ITS to $230— Near Park and Ocean— $3 monthly.
f_50 to $1000 — Choicest Richmond lots In-
stallments.
$1M to $«&— Level Excelsior lid. Lota.
II Of* to $C300— Modern coUares In Sunset.
Hic-r.tr.ond. Oceansld* and Excelsior Home-
stead. Easr terms!
Sur?s«t Brancta Office on Btb ave.. near H st. j
6OL- <iETZ A SON*. Owners and Dealers i
Boom 04. fourth floor. Chronicle bldg. ' !
JOSKPII STRAUB. C?O Market rt. ~ " :
f$WXi — Modern residence of 6 rooms; nicely i
»rranc*d: hiirh basement; key lot; opposite
x]uar»: fine view: bvrraln. .
•12.000— NTV\ cor. Francisco st. : three 2-
ftrjy houses and dwelling; pays 9H Jw;r c -,, t
net.
.NOKTHEAET CORNER
FCtft SALE.
LOT BlxlOO— $7,100.
I->alrr«nen, Mrerymen, rartory and flat build -
o-u se* thh: ham. stable, shed and office build-
in* no*.- rherer title Insured.- JUUEN SMITH
Heal KrTate Agent. 420 Montgomery st.
$n?5— EAKT line of Twelfth u\e.. 175 feel N.
of N rt.. 2.'»xl20: $75 cash, balance mortgage.
J rer net r*r annum. Address Owner, bux
3M2. Call offlo.
KKT^'. mndorr,' O-roorii hou«<n: »3O per month
P«}e Jntctrt'., principal. 4^77 17th at.: open.
REAL KSTATE— CITY— FOR MJLE^
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 JloatK'jStry st.
THIHD-ST. CORNER.
Very <-los« to JIarket M. : «rge lot. .V*
t»'<>; jresent r»nta almost $\nvi a month,
splendid Investment an<i very cheap.
GEARY-ST. CORNER.
$125,000 cash balance on morrsas:*. buys T-
story brick building: itir*3 on lower
floor- It> years' serured lea.**; pays S
per cent net; cheapest buy on tr>»
market. J
FORECLOSURE SALE.
$7,C<0— 2 flats ne«ir Van Nm« ave.: cost $G»:09
to build; must be sold.
$0 ,CO0— McAi:!*ter-*t. bargain: buslr.eas prop-
erty; Ht.ir» anl Hat: -'<* feet fronrase;
', level block, not far from Van Ne^a;
'. rent $*- 50; can be raised.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS FLATS!
. $7,f>C0— Rent $'i.">: pair ot beautlfu!. modern
f!au>; new anil up to date. -
Sti.foo for 9120 a muntri.
! Panhan.J!e district; modern ami well built;
! must sell.
J $lO,(KiO for $*<7 5<> p*r month.
Can raise to $."*>: Panhandle district.
$*«>(.'•> for $'X> a month.
Oak Grove avp.
$o3Cf) f>r $47 ."0 a month.
2 new fiats: close f> '.ilden Gate Park.
$4.T."<> for $!."> a month.
Hyde St.. near Va!l»Jr>.
$in."i> frr $45 a month.
Store and fiat; close t> Sixth »t.
$U"O for $4_: a month.
Tre^t ave.. near lHth: lot 2^x1221
"? $-1100 for $-°A» a month.
I>upont st., near Bay; good factory loci-*
j tion.
• $2H;O for $25 a month.
Dupont st.. near Kay: a'ljoins above.
SOME CHEAP LOTS.
! $2230— Must ae!l; PreM<1io Heights, near Mapl»
st.; lot 27:fxl32.
FRONTING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
I $5550— Size 2".xtl4: like finding It.
! $1CCO — For 2CxlOO; '•! minutes" walk from
Market st.
NICE COTTAGE.
I 14000— Only $lfX>U cash; on Eighteenth St.
near Sanchez; a!l modern plumbing.
i, % ¦
CHEAP RESIDENCE.
i $C9C0— R»-rlue*-d p'-ict; )» lar*e sunny rooma;
garden and lawn: on Pine st.
IN -TOWN RESIDENCE.
' $6750^ — Buchanan st. near Geary; & rooms and
bath.
LOT FOR FLATS.
1 $6C00 — Duboce ilJth st. t near Valencia; larc*
lot 4QxlC«.
"BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAO, 110 Montgomery «t-
fc'end tor our irinted list of property for sal*
In all sections of the city.
BIGGEST BARGAIN IN CITY.
BEAL'TIFLL NEW HOME.
$7500 — Mayt— less; a fine new residence;
mo<l?rn in every detail; contains 1O largs
!' rooms. 4 fine expensive mantels. Interior hand-
somely flnishf-d in curly redwood, etc. ; key lot.
affording light and sun: accepted street; If de-
. sire terms of $_U<A> caah can be arranged: thia
Is unquestionably an exceptional opportunity
i to secure a very desirable residence cheap; lo-
I ca.tion in Park 1'anhandie, near HaiKht and
1 Clayton «ts.
POINT LOBOS-AVE. LOTS.
$60O— ?5O cash, «lo Monthly.
$COik— $jf) cash. ?H> Monthly.
Fine level lota on the sunny side of Point
Lf'bos ave.. near .".."th st.. commanding a mag-
j nincent view; overlooks Golden Gate Park.
i Golden Gate and pacific Ocean: also a large
I rortion of the city, of San Francisco; lots on
1 Point Lnbos ave. commanding a viaw sucb a*
this property enjoys are extremely low at
t'SOO; we have only a few left: see them at
once; Eutro electric cars pass the property.
HANDSOME NEW HOMES.
S775O to $)»tM.> — Duboce ave.. between Scott
snd Devlsadero sts., within a half block of
I Duboce Park: they contain large reception
I balls. 4 and tt sunry bedrooms: finest sanitary
plumbing: flrst floors ar» beautifully finished
In selected woods: pretty entrances: h>>t air
furnace: gram! views; splendid neighborhood:
t»rms ?2j«h> cash. balam - »» monthly install-
I ments; tak« Haleht-st. car to Scott, walk 2
blocks south to Duboce ave. ; houses open for
insertion Sunday.
COTTAGE— WESTERN ADDITION.
$375O — Price reducer! to effect a quick sal*:
; handsome bay-window cottage. •"• rooms anl
t bath: on Suttrr. inside Devisadero; very sun-
'¦ ny; street bit 11 mini zed.
VALENCIA -ST. CORNER.
•SO.W) — ?tcn?!< and Pats in srl"ndit1 con<1l-
i tlcn: present rents $173 per month; very low;
' lot over fiOrlOO: 25 fe«t unimproved: close in.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$7750 — Baker St.. not far from .California: 2
[ fine substantial flats of « and 7 rooms and!
I bath each, renting for $65; lot over 25 feet
front.
SOVTH OB MARKET BARGAIN.
Prlc- «n,V); rents $4< 1 S; 2 g^od substantial
. fiats en Harrison st.. near l"th; ."> ar.d <i rooms
! and bath; se« these at onre.
•400 TO ?«rif) EACH,
j Great P.! 5 I.nts.
None L^s Than T>Oxl20.
' Easy Terms.
i Near the station, in Mill Valley. TV>.y huT
! a small lot in a poor neighborhood when r"'i
! can secure a fine 1arsr«» lot same distanc* from
! your work, surrounded by desirable neighbors ?
' Splendid climatp. fine water, schools, etc. Cal!
i or write for ll'"strate<1 booklet, prices, etc.
LYON & HOAG. lirt Montgomery st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
313 CALIFORNIA ST.
COR 11TH AVE. AND LVX3 ST.
I S73O0 — 72xl07:6H: >>"E. cor. lltfc ave. and
I Lake St.; coming fashionable Metian cf city.
COR. 26TH AND KAN3.\3 STS.
?400C — _3xU3:tt; bakery and lit abovt;
renting for »37 50 per month.
FREDEKICK-ST. BUILDING i^OT.
$1850 — -Sxloo: south line ot Frederick, near
Wllliard; adapted for home.
CHEAP CORNER LOT.
$2250— FE. cor. Lombard and, Fr&ak_!a;
27:6x112:6. » . y^y.f
VAN NESS-AVE. CORXER.
6Sxl25: a corner in the most deslrab!* por-
tion of Van Ness ave. ; in one or two lota.
STEINER-3T/ FLATS.
*95OO — 2?:tixloo; Steiner. near Union; 3 nod-
em flats, renting for $SO per month.
BRODERICK-ST. HOME.
SSOOO— 27:6x112; well constructed hOQM of S
rooms; modern plumbing; renting for $83 pe>
month.
FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTT.
516.000 — 5OxSO; Folsom st., near 5th; lm-
provements consist of 2 stores and 4 flats* rent*
ing for $112 per month.
LARGE MARKET-ST. LOT.
$27.5C0— 11:5 feet on Market by 1_T OQ
Church; adapted for either stores or flats.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION 1 FLATS.
•26.000 — A ccrner on Goush St.. In Padflo
Helzhts district; tf new flats, renting for
$2o2 5O r>er month.
JONES-ST. BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$11.00«i — 4«>xl37:«: Jones st.. near Greenwich;
4 modern flats, renting for $37 50.
CHEAP ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOT.
*lts.*O— 2Tixl."7:«; an unsurpassed line of lots
on either Clayton or Car! sts. ; only a few more
left In this block; cars pass property.
WEBSTER-ST. HOME.
.«6O00 — Webster, near Jackson: substantially
constructed hous<» of 7 rooms and bath.
$4150— REDUCED for speedy sale; beautiful
corner residence of 6 rooms and bath; with
hlrh basement, stationary washstand. elec-
tricity, etc.; see this and you will surely buy
It. J. EL SAIL & CO.. 343 Clement St.. nr.
5th. avo.
ARTISTIC home near park: 6 rooms and bath:
s*erv_ntV room, conservatory, larse base-
ment; larg- let; stable for horse; yard for
cow and chlcRena: all as good as new; owner
leavinjr city; $K5<>. Ninth ave.. bet. B and C.
"BARGAIN — For rale: Cottage on Vermont
and 24th sta. ; 5 rooms and bath: all the
latest plumbing; in ideal home; lot 25xlOf>;
easy payments: price $3<>n«>. I_, C. CULL.
21th st. and Potrero ave.
FOR sale cheap neat cottage, 4 rooms and
bath: large basement; terftis same as rent.
Apply own«T. lumber yard, SE corner Ala-
bama and Montcalm streets.
BEAUTIFUL, well-built cottage. 7 rooms:
bath: lame basement and yard: cheap. s?ea
owner. 22:1 Tfclrd ave.. Richmond.
FOR SALE — New three-room cottage with lot :
Mission district; price $450 cash: positively
no agents. Address box 3SS5, Call
jl4iK» — NEW mcitern cottage. 4 rooma and
bath: S2tx> cash, balance $15 per month.
Sai«« M!ss!on st.
BL'1~-' y-ur unimproved realty; we loan full
er.mt tmprov. and part lot i; « r ,. UASHAl.
TAN SAV1XCS BANK. Crocker bulldtns.
ALL work |i»ran!(>1 flrst elan *»y ALH-
BACH fe MAYER Plumbers. Kid Howard «t.
rOIXT niCHMOND REAL ESTATE.
ALTA Pl'NTA TRACT -At Stege, on Santa Fs
electric roails; lr.:nl $ KX» i>er acre; lots 50x
2I.»> at ?J5O; orchard of l.» acrer* and butKt-
It.gs $tm> p*-r _ore: monthly payments; aewi
tet mapa. etc. HAIOHT, 4(,-i «.ai. at., s. f.
L/fiT cha..e« — $5 monthly; lots any tract: nrs:
price. tLT>t chime; n*-:tr fits* bought for lac-
tcrlea. He. A. W. BELL. 2!I MontRj-.. 3. F.
4 CHOICE lots, cheap. S2S Bush »t.. M ioor.
ro,m *
KKAL liSTAlK — CITY — FOR SAI,K.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
&« MAKKET STREET.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY May 24. 1004
At our salesroom at 12 o'clock noon.
HOWARD-STREET INVESTMENT.
Southeast line of Howard »t., 250 feet SW.
of 4th st.; lot 25x80 feet; Improvements coa-
f'lst of 4-story 'bullrilnir containing spacious
store with 4 living rooms in rear; lodging-
house above contains 21 rooms and bath; rent
low at $125 oer month; mortgage, $0000, can
remain.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS LOT.
Easterly line of Stockton St., 107 fe;t south
of SaciamenU'.: lot 30x60 through to Brooklyn
alley; the owner of. this property has plans
for bulldtns- which will cost $16,000 with
prospective - tenant that will ray *20O per
month for aame; these plans may be secured
by the purchaser of this lot.
TEHAMA-STREET FLATS.
No 268 Tehama St., east of 4th st. ; lot 25x80
feet; Improvements consist of 6 tenement flats
containing 3-4 rooms each; foundation In flrst-
claca condition: rent $02 per month; $2300
Hlbernia Bank can remain. •
MISSION COTTAGE.
NW. cor. of Church and Cumberland sts..
facing new MUsion ' Park; lot 64:8x105: im-
provements. A beautiful modern cottane con-
taining: 5 rooms and bath: absolutely new
j plumbing; bay windows; modern in «very r«-
I spect; mortgage of $2700 can remain; title
guaranteed; .rented very low at $20 per month.
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 015 Florida St., S. of 21«t: improvements
consist of modern cottage containing 5 rooms
and bath: hlrh basement; mortgage $1100 at
6 ner cent can remain; built about 0 years;
rent $25.
MISSION FLATS.
I Nos. 315, 317. :ni>. .121. 323. 325 San Jose
1 ave., north of 2ttth st.. through to Poplar ave.:
large lot, 32:6x90 fe r t: improvements consist
of 6 modern flats containing 4 rooms each;
separate entrances for each flat; brick founda-
tion: bulldlnr substantially built; mortgage of
1 $3CO0 can remain: bona fl'le rents $71 50
per month; could b' Increased; guaran.eed
; title.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
West line of Church st.. 75 feet north of
21s<; lot 57x105 feet: street work all done:
r commands a beautiful view
NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT.
I No. 0 Gaven place, oft Greenwich, bet. Mont-
| gromery ave. and Powell st. ; lot 25x47:6 feet;
Improvements consist of 4 flats and cellar for
each: 4, 4. 4, 5 rooms; rents $8, $9, *'J. $10;
total, $.16 per month.
BAN FRANCISCO PROPERTIES LOCATED
JIN Til K./ SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO AND
HOMESTEAD ASSOCIATION. SOLD TO
CLOSE THE ESTATE OF J. B. PAINTER.
No. 1.
Lots Nca. 3 and 14. In block 106; 75x100 feet
each ae per diagram.
No. 2.
1 Lots 6, 7. 10 and 11, In block 300, as per
diagram; 75x100 feet ep.ch.
No. 3.
Lnts 8, 9 and 13. in block 150. as per dia-
gram; 75x100 feet each,
j ; No. 4.
: Lots, 1. 4. 5. 6, 7. 8, 13. 1«, In block 275,
! a» per diagram; 75x100 feet each.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
EAETON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE.
I TO
j RENO.
1 NEVADA.
ALONG THE BANKS OF THE TRUCKEE
RIVER
'AND
SIERRA NEVADA MOUNTAINS.
J WE WILL SELL TOWN LOTS AT
I SPARKS (EAST RENO)
! $3 55 $1) 55
ROUND TRIP TICKETS.
FIRST-CLASS PULLMAN TRAIN
Will leave Market-st. ferry Frtday.
May 20. at 8 o'clock p. m.. arriving
¦ in Reno at 8 o'clock Saturday mornln*.
AUCTION SALE TO TAKE PLACE
j w.rae day on the property to be sold.
! where nn elaborate collation will be
I served, returning by daylight Sunday.
; Tickets will be good to and Including
1 Monday. May 23.
I Double berthB $1 each way.
Special reduced round trip tickets from
intermediate points. For further par-
', tfcularn apply to
I EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
j (>3S Market st.
i EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
CiS MARKET STREET, i
$16.0<X> — 6 masnlflcent new flats rented for
$145 p'r month; 40-foot frontage on lot; mort-
gage $7500.
; $15,C00 — Kearny. street corner, 40-foot front-
ape; grocery, bar and basement; 7 flats rent
$140 ptr month; $WXX) mortgage can remain.
> $14,r>CO — Corn?r on 9th St.; business prop-
I crty; -tore with 3 rooms In rear; 2 flats of 6 1
I rooms and bath: rent $78 per month; building
In flrst-clas? condition; newly painted; brick
foundation; Dortlon ot lot not built on where
2 flat- of 5 roonm each could be olaced.
; $1.1.000 — 2 modern 2-story ¦ houses of 8 rooms
• and bath each, renting for $00 per month; lot
[50*137:6 feet; facing Park Panhandle.
. $S2. r >0— Howard St.. near 14th: 2 beautiful
flats of 6-7 rooms and bath; large basement;
rent luw at $M> per month.
$75O) — Hyde-st. flats containing 5-6 rooms
and bath: high cellar; brick foundation; rent
: $52 50 per month: could be Increased without
t the !r*s of a single tenant: this Is In close
prcximity to town and chpuld be taken ad- ,
vantage of early.
I *•>.*;<><?— Sutter-st. cottage; first-class stable;
lot 36x137:6.
i $G0i;0— 2 beautiful flats. Pi-7 rooms and bath;
li)th St., near Noe; rfnt $55.
• $."5200 — Union St., near Montgomery: 2 flats,
4-5 rooms: trooO foundation; wine cellar, «tc. :
I rcnttd for ?24 per month.
j &»000 — Mission cottage containing 6 rooms
I nnd bath: beautiful KarrJen; well built with I
1 brick foundation; crncrete sidewalk; bltumin- j
' lzed street; rent $20 per month; inspection;
I Invited.
! $__00 — Cottage on Sanchez Ft., containing 5
] rooms and bath; Al condition: 8-foot base-
! mr-nt; beautiful, »ar<Irn: newly built.
A BARGAIN IN BUILDING LOTS.
! $3250— Sutfr st., building lot 27:0x137:6
I feet; cheai>eet lot In vicinity.
i $.viTMi — Marine view building- lot. north line
of Vallejo st., west of Baker; 48x100 feet;
I sewered and ready for building.
I $:{250— Vallfjo ft., north of Pierce; eunny
side of street; 25- foot frontare.
$000— Sacrifice on Wlllard st., south of Turk;
sewered: street macadnmized.
. $800— Parnassus Heights district. Oth ave..
near N st. ; sraded and sewired; this will
double In value.
$«M) — 27th st., west of Sanchez; 30x111 feet;
this Is a Dnsitlve barsraln.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. 1
KIH MARKET STREET, j
I HOOKER & LENT 14 Post Street j
$52,5C0— ir»7:Cxl2O: near Sutter and Van Ness !
ave.; improvements rent for $345 50; can
readily be made to pay $400.
$25,000 — Fine residence and 50-ft. lot. close to
Lsfnyette Park. In region of most fash-
ionable homes; north side open all
around; alt advantages of a corner.
$18.5C0 — Rarsain Golden Gate ave.: CS:Ox
337:6; near Laguna st. ; grand lot to Im-
prove.
$14,000— VaWncia st.. between ltith and 17th; I
lot t;5xS7:6; a bargain. j
$13.000 — Steiner St.; :: splrndid new flats, 6-7-S I
rooms; rents $107 50. I
: . ______ . I
$10,500— Page St.. close to Market; rents $75; I
2 louses and 2 flats; lot 27:6x120. •
$9,S50-Oeary-it. flat*-, m-ar Gou.h; 2-flat 1
hois;; rents $<'r>: _7:«j_l20. ;
$S,5C0 — Northeast corner of Ellis st. : :J2:0
feet frcnt: close to Flllmore.
$5, 600— Mission st., neur lOlii; pood residence;
lot _5x»0.
$5,_50— New flats; rents $»S 50; Clenvnt st.,
near 6th nve.: lot 26x100.
$5,100— Cost $S,7C0; brand-new residence In
MlKf-ion Warm Belt; f» rooms and bath:
b_s:mc-nt: key lot: grand view; sun all
day; must be Mild.
$2,050— Cottage 6 rocmn and bath and base-
V ; m^ni. in fine condition: key lot; north
side of street; half a block to car line;
M las ton.
HOOKER & LENT, Vt Post Street.
JAMES G. JONES. 20 MONTGOMERY ST. ¦
- ¦ OPPOSITE LICK HOUSE.
$l?,C00— Three fine nuJiiern 8-room flats; north
line Sutter; well in; lot 27:6x112; rent
?ISOO.
$U!,000— Three fine modern flats of 8-8-9 rooms;
O'Farrell, north" lln«; best part; rent
$16-0.
1 per cent — 3 elegant, very modern 5-room
¦ ... . flats, nearing completion, on NE. cor.
24th and Fair Oaks; see them before
buylnc elsewhere.
$5,000^ — Stelner-st. house of 7 rooms; lot 30x
137:6. Is almost worth the price.
$11,500 — Grand NE. corner; Church and 13th;
on grade; lot 85x100; 1 block from Mar-
ket st.: electric' cars. . .
MAKE OFFER FOR INSIDE LOTS OFF
THIS CORNER.
$2.^00 — Church, near above: fine 25-foot lot.
$4,500 — SE. cor. Guerrero and 16th: lot 36x72;
. best buy In neighborhood.
$1,200— Make offer; north line 16th; 1% blocks
from Market st. : lot 30x134.
$1, ICO— Near Castro cable and 18th st. electric
cars; fine view; lot 27:6x125; on grade;
v ,•-/,' between substantial houses; large flower
garden to t.outh: very sunny.
$1,500 — Fine corner on (.Tement, near where
no many lots have changed hands lately
at large profits: lot 44x100.
JAMES G. JONES. 26 Montgomery st.
FOR ¦ SALE — Mod«m cottasre | of 6 rooms and
bath. Apply 3845. 21st St., near Castro.
$1250— ASHBURY-st. lot- 2fix76; grand view
of ocean. Address lt>72 Folsom st. - |THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY .15, 1004.
43
ALA.MEDA APVERTIS'MKNTS I
AI.AIVIEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA" LAND "COMPANY,
1500 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
GREAT BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE. i
SEE THE BEAUTIFUL HOMES WE ARE 1
OFFERING. j
GET OUR PRICES AND TERMS.
NOW IS THE TIME TO PURCHASE PROP-
ERTY IN THE BEAUTIFUL CITY OF
ALAMEDA. WITH A NEW ELECTRIC
SYSTEM ABOUT TO BE INSTALLED
AND QUICKER SERVICE TO SAN
FRANCISCO.
ALAMEDA PROPERTY IS BOUND TO
j DOUBLE IN VALUE.
i SOME REMARKABLY GOOD VALUES
TO OFFER.
1 $1500— Buys a 5-room, 2-story house; lot. 30x
• 100.
• $2000— Buys 5-rocm modern cottage; a great
bargain.
! $2."'.00^ — Buys a new 5-room cottage: very cheap.
1 $2500 — Buys a 5-room cottage; lot 50x150; must ,
be told. I
$3000— Bt{ys a great bargain; elegant cottage;
5 rooms and bath, and lot.
; $3500 — Buys 7-room colonial house; very de-
sirable.
$4500 — Buys 8-room modern home; lot 50x150;
near trains and schools.
$7500— Buys the prettiest 8-room house in Ala- '
' meda; beautifully arranged; on Central i
ave.; a great bargain
SPECIAL.
ONLY $10,000.
ORIGINALLY COST $22,000; 12 ROOMS AND
BATH: FINE CORNER LOT. 75x187: A
;, GREAT CHANCE TO SECURE AN ELE-
GANT HOME CHEAP.
; OWNER LEAVING COUNTRY.
I ONLY $10,COO.
! atAmeda land company,
j 1500 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
j ZZZZZ
I — . — ¦ ¦
i nn
' PROPERTY RAPIDLY ADVANCING IN
I VALUE: TWO NEW ELECTRIC ROADS
i ASSURED; BUY NOW.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
i $2500 — New, just completed, modern 5-room
; cottage; gas and electricity; very flne.
I $3000 — Modern 6-room cottage; very de- 1
I sirable location: owner selling on account of
I departure; a snap.
I $.1500— Beautiful cottase. finished in hard [
i wood, containing C rooms; one of th<» sweet»rt
j cround the bay.
1 —^— •—
$4650— Here is a bargain: read this very
carefully: Southeast corner. In a flne location;
i lot 105x175; flne cottage of 6 rooms; artesian
' well, mill and tank, llowers, etc.
HAMMOND ft HAMMOND.
The Loading and Reliable Real Ebtate Brokers
1422 Perk st.
NOTE — Salesman In ofiice to-day from 8:30
a. m. to 3 p. m.
i = : —
I E. D. JUDD &, CO.,
Leading Real Estate Agents,
1424 Park gt.. Alameda..
FOR SALE.
$12<X) — Ccttage. ti rooms; Mound st.
$1S(K) — Cottage. Buena Vista ave., 5 rooms.
$lfl5C> — Alameda ave., 5 rooms.
$2100~Alameda ave.. 5 rooms.
S22OX> — Taylor ave.. 5 rooms.
$2500 — Large two-story house, 7 rooms:
beautiful srounds.
$3250 — Beautiful East Lake house, water
j front. 8 rooms.
I $<stMni — Cottase. U> rooms: Verdi st.
Fine line of furnished and unfurnished
I houses in all parts of city.
I SEE our I'nion-st. lots; wanted to purchase, a
i lot en bay shore, near Clinton ave. ; must be
! cheap for cash. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
j FOR sale; sacrifice; party leaving country;
house in Alameda; $2200. 12-T.l Pearl St.
$3000 — S-ROOM house; flne location. W. H.
POLLARD. 21S California st.. S. F.
I
! ALAMEDA ROOMS.
I CLEMENT ave., 2103 — Sunny front room;
, suitable for 1 or 2 rentlemen; Willow sta-
| tlon.
I —
j ALAMEDA HOUSEKEEPIWO BOOMS.
CLINTON, ave.. 2031 — 1 furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; gas stove, bath.
ALAMEPA BOOMS AND BOARD.'
! NEWLY furnished sunny rooms with board.
I 1&41 Central ave.. Morton Station, Alameda.
) - "¦
I BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'XTS"
11F.HKKLF.Y HEAT. KSTATE.
W. R. ELMS & CO..
2150 SHATTUCK AVE.
I Phone North 92.
$12,000— Lew than $300 per lot for 41 lots be-
tween Shattuek 'and Telegraph aves.;
elegant ground; chance to double your
money.
$775 — Big flfty-foot lot In Wheeler Tract,
west front; grand view; a snap.
$;i."0 — Elegant lot In Berry-Bansa Tract,
Eouth frontaee; prices sure to advance
in this tract.
$2250 — Fine, deep flfty-foot lot near College
ave. and .very nrar university; only $45
per foot; this is another dead sure snap.
$3000— A grand building spot on high ground;
I a corner: east of colletre and close to
university; street work all done; It Is
; the only one of the kind open to im-
provement; investigate this.
¦ $2C50 — A pretty cottage on an elegant lot, 50x
135; three blocks from Berkeley Station;
high basement; porcelain bath; laundry
below; stable and driveway; beautiful
lawns end fiowr garden: excellent sur-
roundings; owner must have money at
once; this is no hot air story; will take
you straight to Mm and to the prop.
erty; that Is our way of doinc busi-
ness. This place will rent for $25 per
month net: it must be sold; do not lose
any time if you are looking for a bar-
gain.
Write us for maps and information about
Berkeley. Our carriages arc at the disposal
of intending buyers.
A BARGAIN.
$1000 c.r acre: o acres in coming Dart of
Berkeley;, electric line three blocks; will
subdivide without waste; this property will
rttall for more than 100 per cent profit.
$C0 PER LOT! $C0 PER LOT! $60 PER LOT!
300 lots: one-fourth cash; situated In the
best Dart of Berkeley In beautiful new tract
never offered for sale; Key Route three blocks;
propoeed Santa Fe depot on grounds; these lots
will retail for $125 to $200 per lot, with small
outlay for street work; this is a chance of a
lifetime; roust be sold before June 1.
$-100 to $C00; fine 'building lots; 50x140 on
College ave. in beautiful Claremont: electric
lin» now being built in front of property; only
20 lota left out of tract of t>5; termx to suit.
E. L. FITZGERALD,
. 11 Montgomery at., S. F.
ATTENTION! ATTENTION! ATTENTION!
$3750.
Elegant elsht-room house; modern plumb-
ing: south frontage; close to schools and con-
venient to both trains; Just the place for the
children and can be secured on almost your
own term* for a few days only.
$4000.
New and modern eight-room house; only one
blck from the car line and within easy walk-
ing distance of Berkeley Station; elegant
grounds with stable; lot 100x135; Just tha
place for a country home; see this before going
elsewhere.
; £ $$$$$
We have a larcre number of elegant building
lots In all carts of Berkeley; see our list
JUSTER & BAIRD. 2137 Shattuck ave.
WE find It Impossible to begin to enumerate
our holdings, so we eimply ask you to either
call upon ub or write us for Information. We
shall be only too glad to show you around
and tend you all the information possible
We have lots from $400 to $10,000 and homes
from the humble cottage to the millionaire's
home, which are listed on Our books. The
best testdence sections lie on the north and
eouth of the college grounds.,
We have some exceptionally choice lots
for sale In both locations; our list of new
homes should suit the most fastidious. Come
and eee us.
W. J. MORTIMER,
, Near University Entrance.
2123 Center »t.. Berkeley.
BIO BARGAIN LIST of Houses and Lots—
$2650— Nice 5-room cottage; lot U0xl35;
chicken yard. etc.
$4200 — Elegant 7-room house; corner lot, 62
feet front: a crackerjack bargain.
$2700—8 rooms: lot 50x120; $300 cash, bal-
ance monthly; flne location.
Two elegant 5-room cottages, all modern,
going at a bargain thUf week.
A few cheat) lots; big money If taken now.
AH th» above close to "Key" Route station
MURDOCK & CO.. South Berkeley (Lorln).
MORAN & SWAIN.
RKAL KSTATE AND INSURANCE.
SEE OUR LARGE LIST.
2131 SHATTUCK AVE.. BERKELEY.
MORAN & SWAIN. ,
FRUITVALE AD V'RT'S'M!NT3
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATES.
— A
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
REAL ESTATE
• , AND
MONEY TO LOAN.
BELOW WILL BE FOUND A PARTIAL
LIST OF PROPERTY WHICH IS OFFERED
FOR SALE BY THIS COMPANY.
$2275"
Secures a moat complete cottage home with-
in one block of Dewey School; fruit trees and
flne garden: an ideal Fruitvale home; lot
37:6x125; never offered for sale before.
$2250.
New 6-room house, two blocks broad-gauge
local to city, fronting on Putnam 1 St., Frult-
vale; this is offered at less than Its value;
terms can b* arranged to suit purchaser.
$2250.
Here Is a fine house, near broad-gauge train;
5 rooms; cove belling and open plumbing; tasy
terms; call and look at property before buying.
$2100.
New 5-room house, with all modern improve-
ments; four blocks from local; corner lot; see
us about It.
$1200.
Three-room cottage; high basement; l&rs*
lot. 100x110; chicken house; Glen ave., Allen-
dale Tract.
$575.
Cozy 3-room house, located near Sem!n»ry
ave.. for sale at a great bargain; sis* of lot,
25x150 feet.
$2200.
If you are looking for a large house and
grounds let us show you this beautiful house,
located on Merrill ave., 7 rooms, with ell mod-
ern improvements. »
— — — ¦ /
BUSINESS LOTS FOR SALE.
TEN BUSINESS LOTS NEAR FRUITVALE
STATION FOR SALE, CASH OR INSTALL-
MENT.
$1400.
Good building, with tine lot, close to Frult-
vale station, for sale.
7I^o7
Large lot with building * for manufacturing
purpose!), close to station, for sale at a great
bargain; small payment down.
$600. . i
Lot close to Frultvale station for business
purposei; price very reasonable.
,
$160 TO $200.
About 100 lots still remain unsold in lh«
Hemphill Tract, fronting on San Leandro road,
three blocks beyond High st. ; half of this tract
1 hss already been sold and the demand on ac-
| count of low prices Is Increasing every day;
cash or installment. . .
?soo.
Very desirable lot fronting on* Putnam st.,
four blocks from local train; surrounded by
flne houses and the only lot left In the blocK
for sal*:; this is a desirable piece of property
and reasonable in price. v
$230 EACH.
Fifteen lots in the Quigley Tract for sale;
: size uf lots 50x135 each.
\ '¦ 9250.
I Eighteen lots within four blocks of the au-
¦ tlor, for sale; 25x105; will sell one lot with a
piivilege.
$250 TO $300.
75 lots, situated on old county road and
fronting on High st.; these are desirable lots
and In a very excellent neighborhood.
.
RANCH PROPERTY FOR SALE.
Fifty acres of rolling land, with beautiful
trees, within one mile of depot: has been sub-
1 divided Into from one to flve acre tracts; this
1 M rolling land and the most picturesque spot
in and about Frultvale.
J15.00O.
Thirteen acres of land in the highest culti-
vation;. 7-room hou?e, 2 barns, COOO-gallon tank
. H acres In best variety of cherries; 5 acres open :
I land; within short distance from the town of
I San Leandro; nets 10 o«r cent over and above
expenses per annum; this Is an Ideal home
for any one.
*• — ¦
I FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR HOUriE i
' IN OAKLAND OR FRUITVALE. .'150 ACRES
! OF FINE LAND. 7-ROOM HOUSE; GLENN
! COUNTY: NEAR TOWN.
$18,000.
I ICO AGRKS OF LAND IN THE FOOTHILLS
[ FOR* SALE; WE RECOMMEND THIS AS A
FIRST-CLASS INVESTMENT. TO OUR CUS-
TOMERS; WITH IMPROVEMENTS NOW
1 CONTEMPLATED. WHICH WILL BE IN
THE NEIGHBORHOOD OF THIS LAND. IT
MUST SURELY DOUBLE IN VALUE.
$1100.
25 acres clear; close to town: flrst-class land;
e.U fenced: Glenn County, see Us befofe buying.
! ¦ .
Ranch of 18,800 acres, within ICO miles of
I San Francisco. ' for sale: alt first-class laud.
1 suitable lor subdivision Into small tracts; rn.il-
rcad station and navigable river on one side:
will stsnd fullest Investl-ratlon.
IT REPRESENTS AN APPARENT PROFIT
OF ONK MILLION DOLLARS TO THE MAN
WHO WILL SUBDIVIDE IT.
FRUITVALE ADJOINS THE CITY LIMITS
OF OAKLAND. WE ARE IN THE COUN-
I TRY YET WE HAVE THE ADVANTAGES
OF THE CITY— WATER, GAS. ELECTRIC-
ITY. SEWERS. STREET CARS, GRADED
SCHOOLS.. ETC. .
HUNDREDS OF SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS FKOPLE LIVE IN FRUITVALE. THE
TIME REQUIRED TO MAKE THE TRIP
IS 55 MINUTES, AND THE FARE IS ONLY
5 CENTS.
TO REACH FRUITVALE TAKE THE
BROAD-GAUGE FERRY AT THE FOOT OF
MARKET. ST.; 8. F.. OAKLAND LOCAL.
! AND OKT OFF AT FRUITVALE STATION
j (LAST STOP). ¦-,--;.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Corner Bascett and Putnam sts.,-
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
$0C0 — Cozy and neat cottage of 3 large rooms;
all hard finished; in mt-st handy loca-
tion; only 2 blocks from Frultvale sta-
tion; also barn, chicken houses, etc.; city
water and good sewerage.; terms to suit.
$050 — Newly painted cottage of 4 rooms,
pantry, closets, porch, etc.; barn, fruit
trees, variety of berries: lot tu.ooxit»;
clcse to car line; very easy terms; this
Is a snap.
$1100 — Nice cottage of 4 rooms; 2 blocks from
Twenty- third ave. station; street work
complete; easy payments.
$1S75 — Extra good cottage of 4 rooms and
bath and attic; all floored; 7-foot base-
ment; fruit trees, berries barn, chicken
houses; lot 50x275; one block from East
Fourteenth street car line: a good chance
to buy a large lot and flne house near
local ' station.
$1400 — Fine cottage of 4 rooms and bath, base-
¦ ment, barn, etc.; lot 35x114; Vj blcck
from Fruitvale ave.; about $300 down,
balance $15' per month.
$1575— Good, substantial cottage of 5 rooms,
bath, hall, mantel, etc.; barn, woodhouse
and chicken houses; lot 50x120; close to!
High and East Fourteenth streets; reduc- j
tlon made in price for quick sale on most 1
easy terms; owner going to Sonoma j
Valley. \
$1650— Beautiful cottage of 5 rooms; aagnlfl- '
cent view; flne garden soil; fruit trees ¦
and berries; lot 50x144; 2 blocks from
Frultvale ave. car line; can be bought 1
on your own terms. j
$1600 — New ccttage of 4 rooms: all modern;
lot 50x100; a blocks from Frultvale local 1
station; $150 cash down, balance same '
as rent.
$1850— Modern house of 0 rooms, bath, mantel. I
etc.; all In good condition; lot 87x115; ;
fruit trees, rare flowers, et# ; 1 block from 1
Twenty-third ave. car line and walking j
distance to local station.
$1630 — New, modern ccttage of 4 large rooms, i
hall, bath and high basement; lot 33x104; |
street work complete; cement walks, etc. ; I
$1CO cash down, balance on your own
terms.
$1000 — New cottage of 6 rooms and reception
hall; folding doors, electric wires etc.;
lot 50x100; 1 block from local station.
$2200^ — Very flne cottage of 4 rooms, hall. bath,
basement; fruit trees, berries, summer
house; lot 70x114; >,i block from Frult-
vale ave. car line.
$3500 — Two-story house of 8 rooms; new and
modern; large lot; (elect neighborhood;
a grand place.
ALSO lots and acreage in Fruitvale and vi-
cinity at most reasonable figure for cash
or on Installments.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvala station. Cal.
H. BARKMEYER~120« Frultvale ave..
Near Frultvale station, Cal.
$750— $100 cash, balance $8 per month; good
substantial house of 5 rooms and bath hard-
finished; city water; lot 40x132 :«; flne shrub-
bery and fruit trees in bearing; small barn
and chicken house; 2 blocks irom car Une.
rear Elmhurst.
$800 — Cozy cottage of 2 large rooms; hard
finished: chicken houses; lot 100x150; 2 blocks
from car line; easy terms.
$1350— $100 cash, balance $15 per month;
modern bay window cottage of '4 rooms and
bath; high basement; lot 37:6x122;. with alley'
In rear; abundance of flowers and 'fruit trees |
In bearing; near school and local train.
$1700 — Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath, i
pantry, closets, etc. ; high basement, partly |
floored; gas and fixtures; cement walks; abun- j
dance Of flowers and small fruits; a variety
of fruit trees in bearing; H block irom car
line and 4 blocks from Fruttvale station.
$2350— New, artistic bungalow of 6 rcoms;
porcelain bath, all the latest Improvements;
beam ceilings, flne mantel and sideboard, elec-
tric lights, etc.; lot 50x120; one block from
Frultvale ave. ' •
$2.'00 — Fine country home on macadamized
road; cottage of 4 rooms, bathroom, pantry
and closets, all in first-class condition; high
basement; large lot, 64x380. fenced and cress-
fenced; abundance of flowers and fruit trees
In bearlnj; 9 chicken houses and small barn;
city water; worth Investigating.
$3500 — 1 1-3 acres of Une vegetable land:
about 1H acres In bearing orchard and small 1
; fruit; good, hard finished house of 5 rooms; j
. large bam and chicken house; good well, etc.; \
4 blocks from car line; no reasonable offer re- |
i fused, as owner Is forced to sell. For parti- j
culars apply to H. BARKMEYER. 1206 Fruit- |
vale ave.. Fruttvale, Cal.; teL Brook 638.
CHAS. F. LEE. PHONE VALE 298.
OFFICE, HALF BLOCK FROM FRUIT-
VALE STATION.
LOOK THIS LIST OVER. IF YOU DON'T
SEE ANYTHING HERE TO SUIT YOU CALL
AT MY OFFICE. WHERE YOU WILL FIND
OVER 100 IMPROVED AND UNIMPROVED
PROPERTIES ON MY U8T AT ALL PRICES
AND TERMS TO SUIT.
$675 — 3-rm. cottage; lot 50x100; large oak
trees and running stream of water; beautiful
location.
$115O — 1-rm. cottage; close to school; nio«
fruit trees and flowers; chicken yard; lot 50
XlOO.
$1500— New 4-rm. and bath cottage; lovely
location; high basement; nicely fenced; lot
50x113.94.
$1050— Modern 5-rm. and bath cottage; flne
pantry, china cloeet and htgh basement;
chicken house: nicely fenced; close to street
cars and local train; lot 35xllB.
$1750 — Up-to-date cottage of 5 rooms; high
basement, bath, pantry. larre closets and laun-
dry; flne fruit trees and flowers tn great abund-
ance; large lot, 70x113.
$2500— A beautiful hou«e of 5 large rooms;
poicelain bath, targe pantry, flne barn, chicken
yard and chicken house; abundance of fruit
tr»-es and flowers: on« of the loveliest homes in
Frultvale; beautiful view of the mountains and
bhy: close to street cars and flne school; lot
50x170.
$75 lots In tbe beautiful Rosa Lee Tract: fine
soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going up;
1 no cold winds or wot for*, and lots only $75
i each: $5 down, balance $2 50 per month.
CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale ave.
W. E. RUDELL.'
Cor. Frultvale ave. and Washington st.
Office hours s a. m. to 5 p. m. (Sundays lncld.) 1
$2.100- — Here Is a htfme you ought to have: com- 1
pletely furnished modern cottage; 4 nice I
i rooms and rec;ptlon hall; attic large.'
.enough for 2 extra rooms; lot 70xll4',i: all !
kinds of flower* and fruit trees; V, block
from Frultvale ave. car; about 10 min-
utes' walk from station.
$350 — Cozy cottaire. 4 rooms; very large lot:
good stable; flowers and fruit trees; near ,
• car line; small payment down, balance
same as rent. !
$2500 — 2-story house, 8 rooms, bath, wash- '
trays, hot and cold water; high base-
ment and porch; Urge stable ; chicken
houses and yards; good well; bearing ap-
pl*. plum and cherry trees; blackberry,
raspberry and currant bushes; all kinds I
of vegetables; corner lot. 133x145: 2 blocks {
from ear line and school; terms $503, bal- !
ance to suit purchaser.
$1CW> — Modern cottage. « room* and bath; high
basement; lot 37:6x124: 16-foot alley In |
rear; 4 short blocks from station. 2 blocks :
from school; $250 cash, balance $18 per I
month; this cannot b» built for less than
fl5<*>.
$18GC — Nice, modern 5-room cottage near sta-
tion: terms If desired.
For rent, new cottage, 5 rooms; rent $10 per
month.
; W. B. .RUDELL.
j Ccr. Frultvale ave. and Washington st.
I Office hours 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. (Sundays lncld).
/ h. w. davis— real~estate!
Hout«.« built on easy payments; plans and
, estimates furnished.
$526— A choice corner lot. 55x123. near Frnlt-
vale ave.: a beautiful view; sewer work done
on both streets; gas, electric, lights; city
water; easy payments.
$400— A fln« lot, 50-foot frontage, close to
Fnjttvale ave.; all conveniences; a bargain;
easy t?rms. ,
$250 r>er lrt In peering Tract: risht on top
of the hill: the most beautiful view In Frult-
vale: only four lots left.
$225 — Fine level lets. .tSxlt.V on macadam-
ized street: half block from electric cars and I
clcse to S- F. Wnl tratna.
H. W. DAVIS. exeluMvs agent.
1210 Frultvaie jive., near Frultvale Station.
ELROD & HULlI i
No. 32— $£CO— House of 2 large rooms, hard
flruh; 'large pantry: city water In house and
yard: "onwgood chicken houses: lot is fenced
and eross-f enced : locnted 2 blocks from car
lire: lot ICOxlSO; good place for raising
chickens.
No. 4— $2250— 5- room house; Just finished;
bath, pantry, sinks and stationary washtub*.
with hot and <*old water attachments: htsh
basement; one acre of good land, all fenced:
this Mace Is located 3 block* from car line
and good graded school; would make a flne
chicken ranch.
See ELROD A HULL, at 1310 Fruitvale ave..
bttwecn Fourteenth and Washington sts., I >^
M«T"k« from local station: nnone Brook 1631.
SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK.
The terminus of ft-cent fare. Haywards cars;
streets graded and graveled: stone -sidewalks;
depot on tract: lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train; heat located property on San Leandro
road: graded school on tract. Apply to S. S.
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
FOR sale — In Melrose. near High st-, 1% acres
of land: rich loam soli; house, good well and
pump bam. chicken yard and garden; $250O;
a bargain; apply evenings or Sunday morn-
tng. 1361 Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
FOR sale— Chicken ranch; fixtures and stock ;
. 4 aere»; 4-year lease: beautiful place; or-
1 chard; near street cars. Address box 11C7.
Call nfflce. Oakland. ,
FRtlTVALE FURNISHED ROOMS.
FURNISHED and unfurnished rooms to let.
Apply »Walker's store. Seminary ave.. Frult-
vale. ¦ ¦-• '
FRUITVALE BOARD AND ROOMS*.
2 OR 8 unfurnished rooms; electric lights and
bath; cheap. 3513 Putnam St.. Frultvale.
KK»I. WT41f — -(finnr^v Kor «•»!-.
•S'-'x) — HALF interest in lo acres: chicken and
hor ranch; near town; with practical man;
5 acres vineyard: plenty fruits, wtfod, horse. |
wagon: tools. 'Implements: furnished house:
chicken-houpe. F. BOUTCOUPS. 509 Adams
»t.. Santa Rcra.
VERY desirable home in Santa Crua Moun-
taln« will be sold for l*ss than half original
• ost: great bargain. Inquire Devoto * R'ch-
att'V^ fcrjowner, C2S Montg'y st..S.F.
ALWAYS a gcod list of town and country r-'at
os.tate: write m« for anything: you want. J.
A McCOY. Lou Gatos. Ca!.; Real Estate.
Loans and Insurance.
ALFALFA lands. «tock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly caU-
Lgues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 0*8
Market Ft.
$11CO— TWO-ACRE chicken ranch and -muM
lioune In suburbs of Eureka. Cal. W. T. j
BONESTELL. |
SAN MATEO B.EAX ESTATE. j
, SAN MATEO SAN MATEO ;
I THE FINKf-T SUBURBAN RESIDENCE DIS- 1
TR1CT MiAH SAN FRANCISCO.
I We have » choice list of excellent residence
j prepertlr*. villa rites and acreage. Don't fall .
I *o tee us V-fore buying. Investigate. San ,
! Mateo Park. Tbe Ideal rroperty of them all. |
I LoO of abrut one a<re rach. Easy terms. :
; Hound to ba BMut valuable. See our local
: accnt. Frank S. Ummnon. San Mateo ©ffice
1 open Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post St. !
j SAN MATEO. BURLINGAME. '
Best suburban homes near San Francisco; no
j f«rry; electric rnilrtiad now running ; lots and ;
•residences fcr sale; we can sell pood lots as*
i low as $500 each; we will b» glad to show ;
i them; we also have fame acreage land near:
ly an low 35 Sinn to $200 per acre.
McAFEl-: BROTHERS. j
ICS Mor.tscmery rt.. Pan Francisco. !
Resident Ap-nt. P. G. GOODHl'E. Western I
j t-'rlon Teletraph building, San Mateo. I
CORNER tot. V>x150; desirable location; bar-
patn. Apply P. L. NOISAT, San Mateo. Cal. ;
j — I
j BAITTA CXABA JBEAX JEST ATE. !
MOUNTAIN VIEW. Santa Clara County— For i
rent; residence, about 10 rooms; completely I
and handsomely furnished; 4\i miles from
station; carriatres and cows sro with tb« j
place: mm to take care of garden and milk '
cows vithout extra charre; rent $60 per
month. McAFEE BP.OTHERS. 10S Mont- j
tromery rt.. S. F". j
MENLO PARK REAL ESTATE. j
AT Menlo Park — For sale on easy term*., a j
ten-room hcuse with all modern Improve- ;
nients; two blocks from station. Address
the owner at P. O. box D. Menlo Park, Cal.
SAl'SALITO REAL ESTATE.
$4100— NEW house of 5 large rooms, reception |
hall, butler's pantry, china cloeet. fire place,
electric fixtures, large screen porch, with
wash trays, front porch, high basement: fine
corner lot. R2 feet frontage, commanding a
grand view of the bay and mountains; sewer
work done on both streets; only 7 minutes'
walk from ferry- H. W. DAVIS, agent. 1216
Fruitvale ave.. Fruitvale. Cal.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A GOOD ranch In Napa County to exchange
for a rooming-house or hotel worth from
$2500 to $30tyt. P. C. LASSEN &. CO., 4C6
Tenth St.. Oakland, Cal.
TO EXCHANGE— House 11 rooms, lot 50x150,
artesian well. $6500. for San Francisco Im-
proved or unimproved property. Box 3474,
Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
I ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
j HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS.
BUSINESS LOT ON PARK ST., 00x100; A
SACRIFICE.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR STATION; BAR-
GAINS; LARGE LIST OF REALTY.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO
REAL ESTATK — A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY.
TWO BARGAINS.
5-rocr# cottage; lot 50x125; $1300. ;
5-room cottage; lot 25x150; $1300.
FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS.
$50 DOWN, BALANCE TO SUIT.
32 LOTS.
23:4x125 TO 35x176.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-ST. STATION.
THIRTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
APPLY TO A. R. DENKE.
1400 WEBSTER ST. ALAMEDA.
pr •
Call on the
ISLAND REAL ESTATE CO.,
1304 Railroad ave., Bay station.
CHAS. ADAMS & CO..
Two Great Bargains.
i Cottage of ~ rooms; lot 50x125; $2100; big
bargain.
2-stury house of 7 rooms, up to date; lot 45x
1C5, with barn; $3000; a enap.
Cottage, 7 rooms and bath; lot C8xl50; barn,
driveway; fruit trees and flowers; $3750.
Cottage, 7 rooms and bath; lot 75x150;, barn,
driveway; fruit and flowers.
House of 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x150; good
location on Lafayette St., near narrow gauge;
$4150; a. bargain.
Cottage, 2 rooms and bath; lot 25x150: $1800.
A snap — Cottage, 4 rooms and 3 finished
rooms In basement; lot 26x125; $1800.
2-story house of 6 rooms and bath; windmill
and tank; lot 26x100; $d00.
Cottage. 5 rooms; lot 50x140; a snap: $1200.
3 6- room cottages, good location; $2700 each.
S-room hcuse; lot 50x203; $2700; a snap.
Burlness property bringing In $60 per month
at $C.VjO.
Lcti In all parts of Alameda.
CHAS. ADAMS &. CO.,
Bay Station. Alameda.
Open Sundays. 0 a. m. to 4 p..m.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT Inc
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
BEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA RESIDENXE.
Beautiful home; 8 large rooms and bath, all
modern conveniences; oak hall and stairway,
art glass windows, hot-air furnace, full base-
ment (cement floor), plate-glass windows; lot
£5x145; choicest residence location In Alameda;
owing to owner's removal, will sell at sacri-
fice: offer wanted.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT Inc.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.'
HOMES IN ALAMEDA.
Furnished houees, cottages and flats for rent
from J1S to $75 per month.
SPECIAL.
7 rooms, near Morton station $60
C rooms, piano and billiard table.. 40
UNFURNISHED.
» rooms, beautiful grounds $35 00
7 room?, newly painted and decorated.. 32 50
6 rooms, near nation »... 22 50
4 rooms, n:ar bcathouse 15.00
RESIDENCE PROPERTY AND SOME OF
THE FINEST CORNERS IN THE CITY FOR
SALE.
ELMER E. JOHNSON. 1B01 Park st.
—READ THIS— ~~
COTTAGE: 6 rooms: nearly new: choice loca-
tion: new oorcelaln sink and bathtub; new
flush closet; newly papered and painted ln-
fclde and i.Jt; everything in flrct-class condi-
tion; if sold at once. $1400 on easy terms;
coi-t owner $24oO: only Bold on account owner
goin? East. J. H. HANLEY. 1310 Park st.
FOR RENT — "
Large store, with fixtures, linoleum on
floor, on north side Santa. Clara ave., near
Park ft.: elegant location: rent $23 a month.
Fine C-room flats, modern, on north side
Santa Clara ave., between Oak and Park
fif. ; near ctatiun.
HALLY *; CO..
2313 Santa Clara Avenue,
Nenr Park Street, Alameda.
$3000— PART cash, will buy one of the pret-
tiest home-s i:i Alameda.
1510— Will buy a choice lot in a' superb lo-
cation, sunny side of street; 34x135; genuine
*"* *" II. fi. MEHRTENS.
•J ,. 1C00 Seventh et.. cor. Railroad ave. •
NEW colonial cottage, 5 rooms; porcelain bath,
tiled sink, laundry, basement ond all modern
oonv<-r.ieno*»; lot 25x150; west *|de Sherman
»L. between Sunta Clarn and Railroad aves.
- .1. fl. HANLEY. 1.110 Turk gt.
DON'T MISS~TH1S OPPORTUNITY^
Nearly new 7-room house; superb location:
let 50x150: $3000; cost $U£i00; going East only
reason t«t selling.
HALLY & CO., 2313 Santa Clara ave.
OAKLAND ADVT ? S3TXTS.
OFFICE. 111S BROADWAY.
OAKUM) HKAI. KSTATE.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
1160 Broadawy. Oakland. Phone Lake 38.
$2900 — A flne larse 7-room and bath cot-
tage; high basement: on the north side of
East Sixteenth St.; lot 4.0x140. running through
tu alley in center of block; tlower riinlen:
barn; chicken house, etc.; house newly paint-
ed and renovated; short distance of Twenty-
third ave. station.
?3C<H) — New two-story house of 8 rooms and
bath: gag and electric fixtures; wash room;
Inclosed back porch: lot :52xll3; on south side
of Sherman »t.. east of Telegraph ave. : only
four block* of Key routa ferry system station;
only $50O cash, balance to suit.
$3100 — One story and basement cottage of
8 rooms and bath; 5 rooms on first floor and
3 rooms In basement: all nicely finished in
hard plaster; lot 50x123: nice garden and
chicken yard; west side of Andover St.: only
¦even blocks from Kev route ferry xystem:
only $500 cash, balance 'at $25 per month.
$4700 — A flne large ottage of 6 ro^ms. bath
and large reception hall; soutn side of Twen-
ty-ninth St.; rents for ?25 per month; M 72x
275; nice flower rarden and small fruits; cot-
tage and lot 3«xll2 might be sold if de»tr*d:
15 minutes' walk from Fourteenth st. station.
$1000— Lot POxl2« on south side of Central
ave., east of Park st.. Golden Gate.
$800 to S1500— Some extra flne 40 and B©
foot lots on Thlrty-secnnd. West and Market
sts.; very desirable neighborhood; shoit walk
of San Pablo ave. station of Key rf>ute ferry
system: the prices of these lots are the lowest
anywhere in this part of Oakland and are sur;
to advance in a very short time.
BUY NOW AND MAKES A COODt, BATK IN-
VESTMENT; YOU WILL NEVER REGRET
IT. SEE SATURDAY'S OAKLAND HER-
ALD FOR CUT SHOWING THESE LOT3>
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway, Oakland. Phone Lake 30.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO.. INC.
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th, Oakland. Cal.
HENRY BUTTERS. Prev: JOHN BRITTON.
First Vice Pres. : ANSON BLAKE,
Second Vice Pres.
REAL ESTATE— INSURANCE.
$35#V
Market- st. home of rt ro:ims and bath: near
Key Route; Just completed and has every mol-
ern convenience; well built and nicely finished;
terms; see us about this!
$3T».
Fine home on oros*s< street, close to T^le^mrh
ave.; new and modern and contains 7 ro.ims
and bath: must be sold: owner leaving town;
fcood sized lot on sunny side of the street;
terms.
$3250.
New 7-room hou»e. n»ar Telegraph nvp. ;
roomy and convenient; best plumbing, finish,
etc.; near cars; let us show th's to you.
moo.
Nice R-room cottagp on .11th st. : this Is a
well built house, nearly r.ew. and has a flne
furnace in the basement: terms.
$28C0.
Bargain In new house of 0 rnoms and bath:
just being finished; on wt?t side of West St.;
In good location; well built and very con-
venient
$24nO.
Good buy on 14th i»t. ; 6-room house: stable:
on north side; In fine lotaiitv for cars anil
trains; sse this; it must be sold.
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
REALTY. BONDS AND FINANCE CO.. LNC
1172 Broadway. Cor. Hth St..
Oakland. Cal.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
Real Estate. Insurance and Financial Agents.
TeL Cedar 351. 12U6 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
XOBBY COTTAGES.
$1.750 — Five rooms, strictly modern: lot 27x
110 feet: 10 minutes' walk to Postofflce:
let us show you this. 1202
$3. COO — Cottage of 5 rooms, high basement:
new and nobby in appearance; on the
corner: 5 minutes' walk to City Hall:
could be remodeled Into flats at little
RESIDENCES.
$3.CC0 — Neat 2- story, 7- room residence. 2
blocks from City Hall: east frontage;
renting at $-">O per month; reduced from
$40<X> for quick sale. 1 »> H
$4,500/ — t»n*? of tr* nobhtest S-room residence-*
in Peralta Heights; handsomely finished:
living-room lUx:>0 feet; flne lawn an 1
shrubbery; barn and driveway; I bloclc
from new Fourth-ave. car line.
$G,cno — Very handsome residence of 11 room*,
frescoed and cove ceilings, solid onlc
staircase, cement basement: terrace. 21(!
feet frontage: rannot be duplicated for
$75(0; Peraltn H»l(tht3 district; no flner
location in Oakland.
VACANT LOTS.
$CCO— 40x130 feet: Howard st.. Boulevard
Heights, overlooking Lake Merrltt and
close to Fourth ave.
$2,250 — un» of tr." nriKi corners In Peralta
Heights; 2|0 fe«t frontage; easily worth
GOOD INVESTMENT.
H7.500 — A corner. ."J2O feet frontage, with Im-
provements which are worth $5000; this'
property is within 4 blocks of City Hall
and adjoining solid brick business block;
vacant ground In same block hell at
$500 a foot; elegant site for apartment
house, hotel or flats.
TAYLOR BROS & CO..
Tel. Cedar U51. 12:;i> Broadway. Oakland. CaL
I OWN AND MUST SELL. AS I HAVE GOT
TO GET SOME MONEY IMMEDIATELY AND
WILL MAKE A GREAT SACRIFICE ON THK
PRICE OF ONE OR ALL OF THE FOLLOW-
ING DESCRIBED PROPERTIES IN ' 'OAK-
LAND:
First— 4RO Edwards St.. east of Telegraph
ave.; lot 60x125; frontage south: new colo-
nial 7-room house: never been occupied.
Second — 391 Twentieth at.. between
Broadway and Franklin., near b'i.-ln* *
center and narrow gauge station; 7-room
house; 4:! feet frontage; strictly up to «Ute
and will rent for $12 CO per month.
Third— 21.T0 Chestnut st., between Thirty-
second and Thirty -fourth; only four blocks
to the Key Route station: \ot 27x127; drive-
way: 6 rooms, high bas<Mn*nt. combination
gas fixtures open- plumbing, two mantels:
only $5CO \-ash. balance morttraye; key next
MY NAME AND ADDRESS IS ON EACH
HOI'SE ANY REASONARLE OFFER WILL
NOT BE REFUSED. A3 I MUST HAVE
MONEY.
A SNAP In Linda Vista Terrace: lot «7xl2S;
street work, sewer, gjs. water all done: $'JOOO.
How is this for choice lota on Piedmont ave. ;
$9C0 each; street work, sewer, gas, water all
done.
On Telegraph ave. I have a good lot. 50x100;
street work all done; l~Vi50.
Now !*• ycur chance to buy a home wher^
one tomn left never to return, house b«!ns; too
large now; beautiful terraced lawn, flowers and
a view that can hardly be beaten: l'> rooms,
bath, all the modern conveniences of. a (In*
house; price $020U; call and let me show you
this.
A beautiful home on Fifth ave.. East Oak-
' land; 8 rooms, bath: tarraced lawn: flve min-
utfs to local and right near car line; flower*,
fruit trees: lot 4Oxl4t>: this is a bargain; prlc«
$4CCK>; a better locatlcn you can hardly find.
WM. P TODD, X070 Broadway.
910TA— NEW modern flats: rented $40 month;
r&rgain. By THE ALDEN CO.. HIS Broad-
way.
$5250 — Fine residence and grounds; A rooms:
sunny side of Alice St.; foreclosure. THE AL-
DEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$2250— New cottage. 3 good rooms, bath, etc\.
with one acre flne land, at Frultvala. By THE
ALDEN CO.. 111S Broadway.
THE RUSTIC BUNGALOW, so odd and com.
plete that it 1» the talk of the city; NW.
corner of 13th ave. and E. Zith St.; 8 rooms
and 2 baths: exterior finished In redwood
logs and clinker bricks; large lot; beautiful
marine view; space too expensive to extolt
its many different qualities : seeing Is be-
lieving; open for Inspection dally; terms only
$10CK> cash: balance mortgage.
J S. MYKRS.
1002 BROADWAY.
C K MARSHALL. NOTARY AND REAL
" ESTATE.
HAS REMOVED TO 1070 BROADWA.T.
I tor Additional Classified Adrerts**-
I moots See Pace Fort j-Fo»~
BEKKELEY ADVERT'S'M ? NTS
IIBHKKIiKV IlEAL ESTATE.
A liARGAIN.
?21(ki — $2C0 cp.6h, balance $20 per month, In-
cluding interest; 5 large rooms: fine
mantel, stationary tubs, high bas;ment:
2 blocks to both trains; sunny side of
street; street work all done; cement walks.
$2.'5OO — Nearly new 4-room cottage; all fur-
nished: new piano; lot 50x136; fruit trees
and beautiful (lower garden, chicken-
house, clgecm-hoiuse; Vi block to train;
owner east.
' $2500— Fine corner store with one 4-room flat
and one 3-room flat: lot (14x100: 1 block
from station; snap.
$3500— New 9-room house on corner lot, 60x100;
double ttarlors; large dlnlnK-room; side-
board; flne mantel: porcelain bath; open
plumbing; toilet ut> and downstairs; large
washroom; . flne neighborhood; 3 blocks
to both trains: electric cars: stores, etc.;
$S0O cash, balance $25 per month. .
$3000 — New 8-room house; everything modern
and us to date; lot 5l)xl(X>; street work
all done; nothing In Berkeley equals these
places; $500 cash, bal. $25 per month;
you will pay $40 rent for same place;
why not buy and be your own landlord?
$2250 — New 5-room cottage; large lot; street
work all done: 3 blocks to both trains;
SfHMi cash, bal. $20 per month; place will
rent for thie.
$2200 — Good as new; 5-room cottage; double
parlors; tine mantel; bath; high basement;
brick foundation: 3 blocks to train; 1013
Fifty-seventh st.. Golden Gate station.
1 $2100 — 7-room cottage; on 80-foot at.; % block
to cars; fruit- trees, all bearing; good well;
lot 30x140: a. snau; street work all done,
; including cement walks.
W. C. MORAN, South Berkeley.
i CHENEY & BERRY. .
$5000 — Daley Scenic Park home of 8 rooms and I
bath; lot 50x125. j
$6500— Kerry-Bangs tract; Benvenue ave. home, !
almost new: 8 r. and b. ; lot 50x148. :
S425O — SNAP; Bancroft way. near U. C. ¦
grounds; ft r. and b.; lot 55x130. - 1
$2000— 6 r. house; lot 00x120; street work done; ,
2 blocks of street car line; this price i
for one week only. I
Twenty acres, adjoining the U. C. grounds,
for sale at a bargain. j
S23OO cash will buy a new 3-room house, 1 i
¦ block of car line; street work done;
cement sidewalks; everything complete. |
$2250 — $500 down, bal. J25 per month; 6-room j
cottacu; lot 40x135; 2 blocks from sta- ;
tlon. North Berkeley. i
We have lUted with us a number of furnished
houses, for rent for the summer months,
nominal rent.
CHENEY & BERRY,
P. O. BLOCK. BERKELEY.
JUST COMPLETED— Very pretty house of 7
rooms (4 bedrooms); all modern Improve-
ments ; furnace, etc.: $5000. ,
Near Key Route cars; on the sunny side of
street; Una 2-ttory house of S rooms; large
corner lot; $1200.
Now building; a cozy Swiss chalet In the
Berry-Bangs Tract; flne corner lot; $6500.
Vtry substantially built house of 8 rooms;
lot 52x150:6: near Dwlxht way; $5500.
- A Iarsra lot In Claremont: 230 feet deep;
only $1500.
Juet the place for a chicken ranch; flne level
lot, 210x100; only $760.
. JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
CENTER AND SHATTUCK AVE.,
BERKELEY.
ALL eyes are on Barkeley. The sooner you
secure a home here the better. Let me have
the pleasure of helping you make a selection.
$1700 — Cottage. 5 rooms, bath; high banement;
lot 37:«xl35; 1 minute from Adeline sta-
tion; easy terms.
$2250 — New basement cottage, 5 rooms and
bath; modern appointments; clcse In.
$230C— Cottage, 7 good rooms, bath: high base-
ment; flne well, tank and windmill; fruit,
berries and flowers; lot 40x135; street
work done; a bargain.
$3150 — Up-to-date 2-Btory house, 6 rooms,
bath; gas throughout; Ideal location; lot
40x122; cloee to A*hby station.
$0750 — Splendid colonial htane, 7 rooms, bath;
every modern convenience; close to
Dwlsht way.
U. D. IRWIN. Lorin station.
Open Sundays.
$15(iO — ( ROOMS: daisy; near cars.
$2100—0 rooms; corner; slaughtered; make
offer.
$2400 — Dandy: new; f> rooms, east of Grove. I
$27CO — 0 rooms; real /lice; forced sale; price I
cut. * i
I $:!'.)C0 — 7 rooms; modern; east of Dana, north
of Dwirht way.
I $4500 — f> roorr.a; nice; east of Fulton, north
1 of Dwljjht way.
(MM*) — S rooms; elegant; double floors; east
of Dana, north of Dwieht way.
$5500 — 10 rooms: thoroughly well built; largo
I lot: best houne offered for the price.
I LYMAN ALLEN,'2129 Colter St., Berkeley.
! . $4500— 4 lots. 50x134. .with 7-room house, i
i windmill, tank, barn; street work done; near 1
j Key Routs, east of Shattuck; bargain. I
$550fi — House of $12 rooms; 1 block from U. C. '
! $4.->00 — House of 13 rooms: 1 block from U. C.
1 $1250 — House of 3 rooms and bath; furnished.
Bargains in lots all over town.
• J. P. HALE.
j 1511 Shattuck ave., 2515 Shattuck ave.,
i North Berkeley. Dwlght way.
Phone Mason 732. Phone Derby 1022.
GOOD Investments near new Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End" of block; 271 ft. frontage on track; 2 ¦
blocks from Berkeley etatlon $2-°tOO
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $20O
Lot 40x135; mac: within ',» block $450
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2600
i Buy where values are Increasing. J
Several hundred other lots and a number of 1
chfap houses.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 1050 University ave.
Near San Pgblo ave.. West 'Berkeley.
SNAP; almost new 5-room cottage: bath:
pantry: large closets; folding doors; hot and !
cold water; high basement: brick founda- J
tlor.; large lot. 50x135; fruit trees; well- I
kept garden; chicken houses, all fenced and
cross-fenced; street work done; concrete
walk in front and around the house; three
blocks from station, school, church, stores
and electric cars; price $22.'>0; terms, $30(>
tush. bal. -same as rent: owner going East;
choice location: or>en Sundays. O. A. RU-
DOLPH, Lorln Station, South .Berkeley.
BIG bargain; c-room, 2-story house: bath; j
pantry; folding doors; nice mantel; gas and 1
electric lights; china closet: large hall; city i
water; 4 blocks to station, electric cars,
school, church and stores: lot 40xl2t>; price
$22T>0; terms. $2ol> cash, bal. $25 per month;
open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorln
Station, South Berkeley.
SACRIFICE rale — Beautiful nerkeley home;
owner moving to Los Angeles; must sell; 0,
fine lots, all In choice fruits; beautiful 9- !
room house; cement walks, barn, poultry
yards, etc.; near center of Berkeley; charm- .
ing view: $5000 If taken in 30 days; this Is
a sacrifice of $1500 on this property. If this i
Interests you call quick, as It will go soo.j
at this price. W. C. JKNKINS. owner, 2418
California at.. Berkeley.
NEW 5-room cottage; paneled dining-room. I
fireplace, porcelain bath, etc. ; laundry with I
stationary washstands, white sink; modern 1
plumblns all through; bssement, etc.; one
block of station, either line; cars at door;
for sale on payments less than rent: Investi-
FRANCIS FERRIER. Real Estate and In- j
surance, 2121 Shattuck ave., opp. BER- '
KELEY station.
$1400— PRETTY little 5-room cottage; hard
finished: fine well: rarden-. lot 50x150;
street complete; clcsc to cars; very eary
term".
$5CC0 — Elegant business property; 2 stores and
6-room flat, barn and stable; adjacent to
Key Route and S. P. station; now leased;
rent $t5VS per annum.
C. C. EMSLIE, Ashby station, phone Stuart 700
~~ AN OPPORTUNITY.
Nearly new cottage of 5 large rooms, vis.:
Reception and dining room, polished floors.
marble fireplace, 2 bedrooms,' bath, kitchen
pantry, etc.; gas throughout; high basement
with btationary tubs and photographic dark-
room; lot 40x122:0; Btreet work and cement
sidewalks; on Grove St., 1 minute from Ashby
station; $2500; easy terms. Sole agent.
H. V. IRWIN, Lorln Station, Berkeley; open
Sundays.
FOR — New and nearly new houses from !
. $1800 to $20,000; lots from $250 to $7000; we
can seil you a desirable lot 3' blocks from!
Dwlpht-way station, site 40x1.10. for $700;
will build you a house to suit on a payment '
cf $500 down, balance monthly; before buy- I
:ng, give us a call and let us show you our
extensive list. F. H. LAWTON & CO.. 2147
Center st.
$400 EACH.
A I*w more flne lots. 50x100; east of Tele- .
tjrapli ave....doEe to 2 car lines.
$050 each— Lots 41x135; street work all done;
between Shattuck and Telegraph aves.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY, '.
2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
M. P. W. ALBEE. REAL KSTATE— Large
list homes, residence lota and business prop-
erty I also choice investment property pay- 1
¦ inif « to 10 per cent net; lowest prlcss and (
satisfaction guaranteed. 2138 Center st.
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
yiiriTV.AI.K HKAI.. ESTATE.
SATHER TRACT. FRUITVALE STATION; i
ONLY B- MINUTES WALK; BATHER STA- I
TION ON THE GROUNDS: COME OUT !
AND PEE THE * PRETTY HOMES • BEING 1
ERECTED— YOU WILL BE SURPRISED:
"NUF RED." LOTS $250 UP; TERMS TO
PLEASE YOU.
L L. M. SALSBURY. FRUITVALE AVE., I
NEAR P. O.. REPRESENTING THE.!
bATHER HEIRS. '
. ) » 41. ».MVII. 1 mnmir« Vnr ««t«t. .
\V. J. WHITE.
: "CHICKEN !{A.\< riu& titRTWIIEBii.
j.>; x <.-¦ H a .\ <j t-..s.
«* !••*.¦ LI, (HARlil; VaKcn UK PROPERTY.
H2JUK —^j.'itr.d'd stock ram-h and gmeral
¦ K.....T ..utKi tun; i nii.e* ir^m >_uui\ii.,uc_.
t j»» UiwctttM Cxttnty; 200 a.itt tuutbie: 2 uuni-
.* i.tt *<lt -)! lam. buildin o ><; we. I t-up]ji.eii wuli '
•.*. »..r :«i.J an abunU^ncv of nve u< t.inb.r; |
; -y.ir are eevt-ral |iauhc* suitable lur ullal.a' ,
(ttCOo—Ooijr 34 miles 01 Oe3s.rv.1ie. me utm j
: ft. -n^tua. County; % m:le gojd scnool; raiui 1
._j.l Utlnery: Jki acre*; :w acres r.ch bjttu.11
•ui.d; 2 acrcr. orchard; K> acres vine>ard, aii 1
.inuring; 0 acres* all;.iia; wt-il lenceu itid cru.s I
' ..!:i»-il; .Vrcim iivuse. Z j;o.jd bains, nice spriu^. I
. i-.aw- >t:;rr li:irgaln» in tn»«> «Ui>rrb section. ;
H3W -Mite and ;i hah y,i »t. Helena; lbT. I
«<¦!-*»,:;<• ¦ und»r cultivation, y acres bearing!
utefcard, j »ilts v:n«yard;« water plpec tu J
' ..\'.l\'.,-i.t\ flne 2-*tery lewdfnce. utabie. b*r:i. |
lMmmt±-tHMt*C: «IK V le.Ut-ta ?12.tt»Ai rash.
.•fUUU— Only 1 mile ul town; to acres; houte.
tcee*, v;;. c , berries; U at-r^s ixjliom land:
;¦:*<:«• aou <jua>t2 fcv,ii2; -J garden patches, ual-
'^.dv rai^f. led*, lurmture; lorced *ale.
, "-SiUM— -Near SJkrced *..lty. on main toad; -10
. ; :tt- .ii-li land; 5 acre* bearing olive*. 10 acres
Kl.-jira. 5U acres bearing i.rrhard; 2 wells; all
l.:u.i £trh: :ine cottage, .". rooms; steel witi-i-
USU1 tird tank, tood btirn, tcxilhous*, granny
l«4ritr) iiou*es. incubator houses; nice income; !
w.:l. or liiW! li»y tuur.ueg property.
ALFALFA LANlJSi. j
»;uh black land, near ttm-kton. subdivided ;
La srr.all tt.acts s.x. *<£ l*r nut; une-tinrJ !
. :.¦;¦ w.ih plice. :
Adjoining tiie town of Lodi, both bearing •
\.!.ij*rd ianu «inj .;:.:;:ii/r..vto under ditch '
S '-.'• ti $105 uer sere. ' .
>.'>tt vtx acrt : lo acres up; under ditch; Ji, •
silesi from Lodi, on main county road'alsai
I*:;.! <.n the BunWlBi d;Uh as low at $45 «m ',
.' * GOOU PROPERTY WANTED !
I have several xartles with good income |
prcpertjr to trade fur cheap country homes- al»o
.¦.idtlng-lioufcet; many cash bu-jers; list > our '
t^OO— CO acres; 5 miles from Santa Crur- 20 I
•e«res under cultivation, balance rolling 'aiid '
> rr.t Etoep; tir.al! or.hard and vineyard. Deur !
ir. S . sood .-room boubt. barn, outbmi.Jinc*-
b«r.^ {creclcfure; »5<»u down and Lala-i-e ¦
•.tbOOQiiw payments if des'.red i
110,000— In *cnoma County; 800 acres well
.enc+d in 3 fields; house; a large barns; dalry-
•hous*; well watered; 200 acres tillable all
c-'\. € ': »*eres b-year-cld orchard: 30 head' cat-
¦ue. _0 hugs; rarminif implements, etc.; «ooO '¦
n-.orvage; trade for bay property **vw>
' , J i < r^ K r 20 *?"" 'l nAy loiun ' onI >" =H miles
c!,,Petaluma; house. 5 rooms and bath;part cash I
J^nn*— Best ranch In Southern Oregon- 3-t) i
acjfs; 2 s«t» good improvements; well fenced- ,
orchard; j .horses; farming tools; outside ranee j
. $«r>O<>— SO ocres close to Morgan Hill. Senta
Ci*Ta County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard, 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
f.nithed cottace of S rooms; outbulld:ngs; flne
Jnccme; woo:i trade for Income city property
$11Q»— Only e miles from Courthouse; m>
= acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings-
jart cash; near Red Bluff.
$17.000 — Finest ranch In San Joaquin County
be.t»een Stpckton and Lodl; water near sur-
face; good house, outbuilding*, barn, corrals-
. "4S& acres rich land. 1 mile of Calaveras River
en main ro«d : mortpsge fOOOO; would trade for
f.rsi-class property near city.
$*5v0— Near Newcastle; 21 acres: oranges
chsrles, rwacbes, lemons, plums and apples-
small but nice house; only $1500 down; have
citrzsir.s in this vicinity from $1000 up.
$22^L>— 10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
« rrenciiiK to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
home: half cash.
#1700 — In Sonoma Cltr: S*4 acres; all level:
good h^-a?«, barn, windmill, tankhouse; 13
peultry house* and yards: some alfalfa; spring
V'acon; 50»> chickens; feedhouse.
$2500— On'y 2 miles from San Joe** "4 acres;
5^4 acres bearing orchard: hard finished cot-
ttife. 5 rooms; stable, windmill and tank-
cfcea*. •
fsvm — 136 acres east of San Jose, 125 acres
„ in hay; Rood soil.
Send ftamn for printed list,
o TV. J. -WHITE. 2« M^ntirotnery St.. room 5
.PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
Fu'.l charge taken of property.
ALFALFA. FRt'IT. VINES~
lO.OfjO acr<^ now open to the homeseekers.
We Rr* mUIiw the rreat wheat farms of the
; 1st* Senator B.**** at Princeton In 40-acre
trs.-tK st the ivcrane price of f50 an acre.
Larro ''firal will supply abundant water for
!jm«-»f..;r ; fw wstrr rifrht »?oe» with the land:
tjhl*. If sl de<>ii river sediment soil. hlphly
. a^M'tec"! ir Mi* hipheft production of alfalfa.
irnrR-4-f. j-mcr.fF. pears, prunes, sugar beet*,
vlrt-s. tnrraii**. corn, all vegetables; delight-
ful locator, "n the banks of the Sacramento
' RJt. Cbeap transportation; termF. quarter
cash, tvalance 2. .1. 4 years at 6 per cent.
Procures ro packs cf wheat annually — almost
' th* rrlc« <f the land.
NAPA COUNTY BARGAINS.
tCOOn — 44 M'-res n«-ar Napa City; 6 acres in
' nwimfl. balance in £r»ln, potatoes and corn;
hou>»-. fjam. etc.
Sn2'>r — S-urr* place. Mountain View; modern
. jottaer; all :n orchard; cheapest place down
the peninsula.
GHKATEET BTOCK RANCH IN THE STATE.
2V<rfrf> acre*; over 10.000 acres wheat and
!>arl*>y land, well watered; to close an estate,
' af I"* than $•! an acre.
<\dl or «»nd for our selected list of orchards,
fajrrr.s. ch<iioe Fuburban homes and villa sites.
PRETTY HOMES
f\MR OAKF DOTVN THE PENINSULA-
• WKWOOH PARK TRACT.
T*»sutifcl villa rites. 1 *i to 5 acre lots;
besutUfuHy wooded Tilth live oaks, surrounded
'ofiy hanJfcme homef; only 5O minutes' ride
frcm San Frsnetseo; price $.V)0 pe.r lot and
ui -wafi— Wff than half of asking price of ad-
jr>in;ng property: pend for catalogues.
PALO ALTO.
" Pretty v.onded sites fa^lns L*land Stanford
University an<1 Immediately adjolnlnc the
,fn»-n; large lote; first cost. Call or send for
'Vtalogue.
REDWOOD CITY.
Pretty villa sites 10 minutes' walk from
1 depot, RedwooJ City, only $400; $50 cash, bal-
.- ar.c* monthly.
Choice r.-acre tracts. $1000; only $25 35 per
month; bank sale.
$C50<» — El»r»nt home. Palo Alto; lot 100*
- 2<>0: :t handsome cake; modern residence, £
rooms: cheap. ¦
• $*v500 — Abf^Jt 7 acre*, handsomely wooded. '
T mile from depot at Belmont; pretty 8-room ;
cottag-e; stable; running stream; very cheap.
- Ifi.OOO— Handsome country homes of about
11 acres 1 mile from Fair Oaks depot; new
redem S-room house; large stable.
Caller send fcr catalogue of "Pretty Homes
Down the Peninsula."
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 6*8 Market *t.
6T0CK RANCHES A EPECIALTT.
California, Nevada. Arizona^ Mexico stock
rancbe* for their value for gracing — vast tract*
rultable for subdivision and colonization. Val-
uable sot alon* for grazing, but for timber, ag-
ricufture. oil. minerals or town cites. We hav»
many tracts where frost never occurs. We !
hi»ve lr.ar.y valuable pasture lands where grass
cattle are fat la April, when beef commands
the highest pric«.
vr» have business property that will pay 0
tier cent net oe cost for five or ten years' lease.
We have residences, up to date. In the land of
the lemon, orange, sunshine, fruit and Sowers.
We have many beautiful orchard homes In
the famed Eanta Clara Valley, near the Garden
City of California. Good dairy and alfalfa
ranches.
We can offer a Mexican grant that will sup-
' port :o.«rf> head of cattle for only $50,000.
CHARLES W COE & CO.. i
Real Estate, Cattle and Loans,
"6-73 Auxerais Bldg.. Ean Jose. Cal.
A HOME, indeed — 110 ax-res in the famous or-
chard «fecti<->n cf tbe "Western »lox>e, Pajsro
Valley, wltlifn 3 miles of S. P. R. R.; 23
arres in apples, 10 la apricots. 15 In French
prune*. 2 In P-artlett pears. 1 In cherries, 11
»tcres fuli bearing vines; good house, winery,
barn, fruit house, stock thede: water piped
to all LuildlnEs from a live spring.
GAFFE Y & MAHOX.
505 California «t.
nrAUTIKUL home in Santa Cruz Mountains;
;iif» acres. 00 undT cultivation: nrst-cla*s
dtv<-!JIr.lC; barn of 1O0 tens hay rapacity; situ-
v-ated aniur.p respectable, pron/crou? people;
2 i-choolx and poftuffice clow l>y; within few
rr'iifs of ce!cbrat~l Ptate kiark. Rig Basin;
. heap for ra»h, or will trad* for Berkeley or
. «ity property. Kor particulars apply to
GAFFE Y & MA HON.
5C5 California «t.
1 HAVE Jot «a!e several flne farms, 120 acres ;
and up* art); price from $23 to $f>0 per Acre;
nil le\-el. plenty of water and wood, splendid
ciimste. near two proposed road* and the
ctiebraUd Eel River coal fleldf. For further <
l-».rti< u1;.i>. addi-ei* 15. x 2. Covelo. Mendoctno
- r ° un; >- c «' i
GP.EAT bargain— Rich. Irrigated farms; big
'«r«i: free water ryt*»; very cheap: easy
<ertns; bom*»«eker*a opportunity. C U.
WOOSTER CO.. C«S Market st.
• -•#•¦.
r.-l{«w>M cottajre at Larkspur; almoct new;
rv>deni; fin- for Bummer residence.: % mile
.. tram ftiitkn; fllCO; $100 cash, balance $12
I ••: 1* *:.'•'¦. t i. - "-....-
W. N. RUEFELL.
mOI California *t.. San Francisco. Cal.
IRItlGATFT) LAND.
lan.I. ?1O an acre up; dairy farms,
H. C. TRAYNKR. ZOt Kearny st.
• -
'.*?!'<'— 2V- acres one mile from Menlo Park;
• • • oil-" ru!<wr1>aii home *tu-; positive bargain.
.t *¦!::. H. IJ. GRIFFITH. .'»3 Kxar.ilncr bljg.
for c»ta!ocue "California's Choicest
Acre*." WILLIAM P. W HI OUT. Mounuin
VtfW Santa Clara County. Cal.
THTtEE-ACRE income hotnei vegetable aoil ;
Sao Lorcazo. IA) Flood bligTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 15, 1904.
44
; ATTTOMOBmS. * ¦¦ -i
4-PASSENGER tonneau automobile: best
make; little used; good as new; very cheap.
Call' at 217 Ellis st., before Monday night;
phone South 702.
EECOKD-HAND automobiles in first-class)/
| chape for sale cheap. Inquire at 20 Golden
j Gate ave.; phone Howard 871.
! WANTED — An automobile, to seat 4 persons.
In first-class running order; state make,
power, price asked, etc. Box " 1850, Call.
AN automobile (Rambler) for sale; In good
running order. Box 3244. Call office.
CADILLAC automobile for sale. Address box
' 1.SC5, Call office.
FINE new gasoline automobile cheap. Central
Park Automobile Co., 1185 Market st \
WANTED— Small automobile; must be reaa-
onable. Box 3440. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1G pases, sent to any address In the
¦ United States or Canada one year for $1.
" ASTHMA JEMEJY.
A. *DI Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
I 'y: 10c. 25c. 50c. 1602 Market St. Nicholas.
nOARDI\G FOU CHILI1REV.
CHILD from 3 years up, school near: no cars.
108 South ave.; take Misslon-st.- cars, * get
off Rlchland ave.
WOULD like children to board. 1378 Fulton
street.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — DRUGSTORE; — drugstore — drugstore; price
t $4500: established 27 years: lease 5 years;
rent $60; one of the best paying stores In this
city; owntr to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
1V> l h Kearny st.
A— $G0O: BUTCHER shop on Mission St.; rent
$10; dally receipts $55; kept by owner D*
years: proprietor to see exposition In St.
Louis cause of sale. R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A — 1100; CORNER saloon wlth~7 rooms on
Bryant St.; rent $50; place surrounded by
factories and warehouses; a good business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26'^ Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room, 37 beds,
good furniture, lease, place paying well. See
R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $500; PARTNER wanted in chophouse and
coffr-e saloon; open day and night; a flrst-
clastt proposition. See R. G. WILKE, 2<>%
Kearny st.
A— $2500; DAIRY depot and route; daily sales
50 cans; 8 horses. 4 wagons, etc.; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 15
years; a good-paying investment. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $500; BUTCHER shop; estab. years; all
! cash trade; $40 per day; rent $20; best lo-
I cation; a bargain; owner must leave. See
R. G. WILKE, 26Vi Kearny st
A — $350: branch bakery and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location:
good business. See R. G. WILKIE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $3500; ONE of the best meat markets In this
city; 5 years' lease; rent $50; weekly eales 5
cattle, 5 calves, 5 hogs, 25 sheep; a 6plendld
location. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton Ets.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $900; SALOON, vicinity Taylor & Turk sts. ;
rent $50; this Is a good paying and old es-
tablished business; a worklngman's place;
rare chance. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
$3000— GROCERY and bar, on Fourth st. about
1 block from Market at; lease; good paying;
established years; sicknass only cause of
sale. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1000; RESTAURANT in San Rafael; dally*
receipts $25; rent $30; must be sold at once;
good place. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $1000; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; close to Market st; dally receipts
about $40; rent $45; good business; value In
eight. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business; store receipts about $60 per day;
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
! cat>h or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE, 2(5%
Kearny st
A— $2600; CORNER grocery and bar on Powell
Et; 5 years' lease; rent $40; business estab.
years and first-class paying; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— 55000; THE leading saloon In manufacturing
town of about 6000 inhabitants; 6 years'
lease; rent $S0; full value in sight; flrsttclass
paying business: about 25 miles from S. F.
Call R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A — $750; SALOON on Montgomery it; place
, established years; owner clearing about $125
. per month: investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st -
A— $3000; CORNER saloon; cloee to Call bldg.:
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this Is one of
the best saloon locations In this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at. -
A— $1100; SALOON, witi 3 rooms; icloee to
Kearny and Bush sts.; rent $75: lease; place
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest stock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE, 2*»fr Kearny st
T. J. DUNN & CO.. phone Howard 346S. ¦
BUSINESS SALES AGENTS.
1312 MARKET ST.
NOW is the time to buy; our system brings the
buyer and seller together quickly; try us once.
ROADHOUSE grill and cafe, beautifully lo-
cated, handsomely furnished; 5-year lease;
rent $50; partners disagree; a snap; $2500.
See DUNN.
CLEANING and dyeing works for sale; estab-
lished 60 years: present owner 24 years; run-
ning full capacity; pays $5CO clear; all com-
plete: owner retiring; another snap; $6500.
See DUNN.
CIGAR store near new Postofflce; price re-
duced; Invoice $175. See DUNN.
THIRD snap — 7-room flat, close In; net rent
*5; complete; $423. See DUNN.
GOLDEN STATE REALTY CO. •
Quick, sure, reliable; we buy, sell and ex-
change anything and everything.
A few of our good propositions:
23 r.. Market st., 2-year lease $1800
17 r.. North Market, lease, rent $75.... 5850
35 r.. Snap, well furnished ' $<S50
6 r., flat, elegantly furnished $200
Cigar stand, rent J25 —
Near 4th and Market sts $100
Candy store, rent !f 10 — *
Good location, clears $125, price $S00
And hundreds of other good businesses of all
kinds; call and nee us.
6 Fourth St., phone Black CMS.
$1500 — FOR »ale— Berliner Cafe, 466 Ninth st.
near Washington, Oakland; one of the best
located and well-furnished cafes in Oakland:
reasons for sale, inability to give necessary
attention to business; refused offer of $2200
less than two months ago for place; elegant
chance for right party; first come, first
served. Only principals ne«d apply to M.
MARCUSE. 013 Broadway. Oakland.
RESTAURANT furnished; excellent chance
for energetic, first-class caterer with some
means: • references required: present lessee
ill; board taken for rent. Address 1 week or
call Park Hotel. Alameda, H. H. TODD,
proprietor.
$1300. $1SOO. JISOO!
SALOON— . *
Building Included.
Ground rent $50. • Net rent $5
Full values.
GOLDEN GATE INVEST. CO.. 758 Mkt. st
$1275^RESTAURANT; beet In town:.flne loca-
tlon; excellent trade; receipts $1400 per
mo.; cxpen«es $235 per mo.; meals 50c and
up; no union help: overstrain of business
cause of sale. D. L. JUNGCK, 2111 Shat-
tuck ave., Berkeley.
FOR sale— A dairy ranch of about 1800 acres,
well etocked with high-bred cattle and all
appliances necessary > for a dairy ranch-
everything In complete running order. Ad-
dress box 3U68. Call office.
* 25( ?7r Wen " establlsned business chance office:
will clear more than that amount In first mo.;
no experience necessary; will stay with buy-
er till familiar with business. 035 Mrkt.rm.l.
FOR hale — Restaurant In most progressive
part of dty, doing a good business, with
brilliant future; sells on account of ill
¦ health. Answer box 3005, Call office.
FOR tale or partnership — Small paint store,
painting business; cheap rent; nice living for
old gent; splendid opportunity for young
hustler; open to-day. 1034 Market st.
$273, no more, no less; fine chance fdr man and
wife or two partners: oyster and chop house:
rent $12 50 per month; living rooms. Apply
21*23 Sixteenth st.
FOR sale— Good cash grocery business: well
located; clean, fresh stock; a rare chance.
Apply to P. W. ANDERSON, 127 San Pablo
ave., Oakland. , "
FOR nale^ — Wood, coal and feed yard In Oak-
land: a first-class Docatlon and good trade.
Address box 3770. Call office.
A GREAT opDortunity! If you have $500 to In-
vjst now It" will yield $1000 per year In five
years. B Eddy st., room 60.
FOR sale— Photograph gallery; all or one-half
interest: good trade; good location; cheap
rent. For particulars address M-. care oi
1 E. S. DOWDLE CO.." Oakland, Cat
I OAKLAND ADVERTISE3EENTS
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
RENT DEPARTMENT,
ARTHUR P. ALEXANDER. Manager.
llCO Broadway— * Phone Lake 3(5.
FURNISHED HOMES.
$3Ji — Lower flat; 5 rooms and bath; good
neighborhood: IB minutes' walk of 14th »t. sta-
tion; gab and electric fixtures.
$40 — L'pper flat; 6 rooms and bath: close to
14th-at. station, on Franklin st. ; completely
furnished; everything new. Will rent from
May to June.
$G0— A fine 2-etory house of 8 rooms; large
lot; fine garden and flowers; cloee to Linda
Vista Terrace, Piedmont. Rent from June to
September.
$35 — Cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 26th st.,
bet. Telegraph and San Pablo aves. ; nicely
furnished. Will rent for one year.
$40— Two-story house on West et., close In
town: completely Turnlshed; 9 rooms and bath.
For July and August.
$30 — A nice comfortable story and half house
of 11 rooms; large yard, 150x200; nice garden;
clone to business center of East Oakland. Will
lease for a year or more, not less.
$18— Upper flat of 7 rooms and bath; 12th
ave., 10 minutes' walk of East Oakland sta-
tion; splendid location.
$ST — New colonial house of « rooms and bath,
on Telegraph ave.. 15' minutes' walk of 14th-
nt. station.
$22 50— Two-story cottage of C rooms and
bath, on Curtis St.; juet been painted and pa-
pered; short walk to center of city.
IF YOU DO NOT FIND WHAT YOU WANT
IN THE ABOVE LIST. CALL ON US ANP
TKE WILL BE' PLEASED TO SHOW YOU
WHAT WE HAVE. OUR LIST IS BEING
ADDED TO DAILY.
S. M. DODGE £ EON.
1160 Broadway. Phone Lake 36.
BIG catalogue of houses, both for sale and
I rent. Issued every Monday morning: get It.
F. H. HORSWILL. successor to Geo. W.
Austin, 1002 Broadway, Oakland, member
of the Oakland Real Estate Association.
FOR rent— New house. 6 rooms; excellent lo-
cation, etc.; near Key route etatlon; 850
Thlrty-geventh st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
DESIRABLE, modern home; furnished; 8
rooms; for July, Aug., Sept.; no children;
refs.; call 10 to 12 a. m., HIS Adeline St.,
near Twelfth.
OAKLAKD Ft'R.MTl'RB FOR 8ALB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in fuml-
ture.'H. Schellhaa«.llth »t..cor.«tore.Oaklaswt.
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE.
S600— SMALL HOME.
i fSSOy-House of 4 rooms; lot 40x150.
1 $9O0 — New' house, 4 rooms, bath, pantry and
toilet; lot 40x132.
| J10C0— House of 6 rooms; lot 40x132.
WE HAVE ALSO 0 OTHER HOUSES
RANGING FROM $500 TO $1500. THEY ARE
ALL BARGAINS AND YOU CAN SET YOUR
OWN TERMS.
ELMHURST REALTY CO.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEV REAL ESTATE.
TAKE a delightful trip to-day— Go to Mill
Valley: see the lots right at the etatlon we
are celling so fast.
i Prices $400 to $SO0 each.
| Terms 1O per cent cash; balance $10 monthly.
! All the lots are large; none less than 50x120;
(.grand -home sites amid pleasant surroundings;
i beautiful views of mountains and bay; the cll-
j mate unequaled: splendid opportunity for an
Investment: land values bound to lnfl-ease, as
I Mill Valley is rapidly coming to the front:
¦ the new />lectric road has shortened the time
i to 40 minutes from the city; Mill Valley has
j all the conveniences of a city; fine supply of
j pure mountain water, good sewerage and
I drainage, electric lights, stores, churches and
I schools and In fact, all conveniences; lots
beautifully wooded; send for 'our new Illus-
trated book descriptive of Mill Valley. Agents
on ground Sunday. LYON &. HOAG,
110 Montgomery st.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
j CHURCH SERVICES. '
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St..
near Webeter — Rev. I. C. Meserve. D.D., pas-
tor. Sen-Ices at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p m. In
the evening the -pastor will pleach the fifth
in a series of Sunday evening discourses on
"Witnesses in the Ca*e of Jesus Christ
Against the World." "Mary, the Mother of
Jesus." will be the evening's theme. Sun-
day-echool at 9i30 a m. Christian Endeavor
meeting at 6:45 p. m. /
THIRD Congregational Church. Fifteenth St.,
near Mission — Rev. William Rader, pastor, will
preach at both services. 11 a. m.. "The
Work of the Missionary in the Development
of Our Country"- 7:30 p. m., "People Who
Have a Sorrow Over Which They Have No
Control." fourth In series of "Straight Ser-
mons to Earnest People.' Popular people's
jservlce. Chorus choir. Seats free.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams D.D..
pastor, will preach at both services." At 11
a. m.. topic. "The First Pioneer" At 7:45
p. m.. topic. "Thou Shalt Offer Salt." All
are cordially invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Fillmore sts. — Rev. John Hemphill.
D.D.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock:
evening service at 7:45 o'clocki Rev. John
S. Macintosh. D.D.. will preach -at. both
services. Sabbath school at 9:30 a. m.;
orchestral music. Christian Endeavor meet-
Ing at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting, Wednes.
day evening at 8 o'clock. All are cordially
invited.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church corner
Webster and Page sts. — Sermon at 11 a m
by Professor Hugh Gllchrint, D.D., and in
the evening at 7:45. Sunday-school at 0:45.
Christian Endeavor at 6:45. Prayer meeting
every Wednesday evening.
FIRST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento st. — Rev. William Kirk
Guthrle. pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p m. The pastor will preach at both
services. Sabbath -school at 9:40 a. m. Chris-
tian Endeavor at 5:30 and 6:30 . p m
Wednesday. 8 p. m., midweek service." All
are cordially Invited.
UNITARIAN Church (First), SW. corner
Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavltt. minister; Rev. Bradford Leavltt and
Rev. C. Rums, superintendents of Sunday
school. Junior church and Sunday school
are at 10 o'clock. The morning service Is at
11 o'clock. Rev. Mr. Leavltt will preach.
Subject, "Having a Gospel." Preceding
the regular service, from 10:30 to 11 a. m
a special Sunday school service with conse-
cration of children will be held in the church
Parents of children specially invited. Mu-
sic by quartet, under direction of H. Brethe-
rlck, organist. All are cordially Invited: there
is no evening service.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Twentieth
and Capp sts. (Take Mission or Valencia
st. cai*.) The Rev. J. William Hudson,
minister; residence, BOO Capp st. The Sun-
day school meets at 9:45 o'clock: Mr. W C
Maxwell, superintendent. At the morning
servlcfc, at 11 o'clock, the Rev. Jay William
Hudson will preach: subject. "Aspects of the
Religion of Tennyson." Music by orchestra
and choir, under the direction of Mr. Jablsh
Clement. All cordially Invited. No evening
service. I
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church corner
Twenty-first and Capp sts. — Rev F M. Lar-
kin. Ph.D... pastor, residence 3168 Twenty-
first st. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m •
11 a. m.. "Is the Golden Age Past?" 7-45
p. m.. "The New Methodist." Special mu-
sic by choir, Robert Husband director.
CENTRAL M. E. Church, Mission st. between
Sixth and Seventh — The pastor. Rev. George
W. White, will be in the pulpit both morn,
ins and evening, i Sunday-school at 12:45
Young people'a meeting at 6:15. Evening
service begins at 7:30. Seats free. Every-
body welcome. Splendid music. Fine chorus
choir. Several soloists.
TRINITY CHURCH, Bush and Gough sts —
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D. D.. rector
Holy communion 7:30 a. m. Sunday-school
8:30 a. m. Morning service 11 o'clock: ser-
mon by rector. Confirmation 4 p. m. Even-
Ing prayer and sermon 8 o'clock. All are cor-
dially Invltt-d.
FIRST Baptist Church, 320 Eddy st. — Rev
B. L. Whitman, D. D., preaches at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Bible school 12:30 p. m.
Christian Endeavor meetings 0:30 p. m. Mid-
week prayer service Wednesday, 7:45 p. m.
A cordial welcome to all. Seats free.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge.. Theosophlcal Society
5 ' Odd Fellows* . building — 8 p. m. subject
"The Past Postern State," by W. L Ducey'
OAKLAND ADVKin ISKMKKTS
. . • f.i Kl'lK
11OLCOMC. DIIEEU & llANCHOlT. ln«...
JOtf) BliOADWAV. OAKLAND.
SANTA FE THACT.
. Key Koute. 2S UECCTSS H.wne«.
Santa Fe. TO SAN FRANCISCO. Tract.
K!» Route. .-.-CENT FARE. Homes.
Santa he. TRAIXJS NOW RUN- Tract.
Key Rou:e. MXG Homes.
SMita Fe. EVERT 20 MINUTES. Tract.
Key Route. IMPROVED FERKY Homes.
Satjta Fe. SERVICE. Tract.
Key Route. 3 ELECTRIC LINES. Homes.
E.-tm Fe. «-HOICE BUILDING Tract/
Key Uaute. LuTS Homes.
Sacta Ft. IN SANTA FE TRACT, Tract.
Key Route. $000 TO $900. Homes.
Santa P"e. EASY TERMS. $15 Ma Tract.
Key Route. STREET WORK DONE. Homes.
Santa Fe. IDEAL LOCATION. Tract.
Ke/Rouie. MARINE VIEW. Homes.
Santa F*. VIEW OF BERKELEY Tract.
Key Route. HILLS. Homes.
Santa Fe. GOOD CLIMATE. GOOD Tract.
Key Route. SOIL. Homes,
fcanu. Fe. WARM AND SUNNY. Tract..
Key Route. FLOWERS ALL YEAR. Homes.
*a»la Fe. CHARMING HOMES Tract.
Key Route. $20«0 TO «40U0. Homes.
Santa Fe. WE HELP YOU OWN Tract.
Kty Route. TOUR OWN HOME Homes.
Sarta Fe. VERY EASY TERMS. Tract.
. Key Route. TOIR RENT BUTS IT. Homes.
HOUSE PLANS FREE.
2S MINUTES TW SAN FRANCISCO.
5-CEXT FARE.
ELECTRIC TRAINS NOW RUNNING.
HOLCCMB, BnEcTTA BANCROFT, Inc.,
1000 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
GEO. W. AUSTIN.
REAL ESTATE AUEN1 AND DEALER.
MEMbLU OK 'i-HE OAKLAND REAL ES-
. TATE ASSOCIATION,
1OJ2 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$(33t>— r>ntE for **4O per year; 100 feet from
Cii-aduay.
t^*** — 1" rooms, bath, gas; double parlors; 3-
feet brlek Truncation: cement basement:
2 blocks irem O*k station; a bnap; look
this op.
*-""•" nn.-h-2.MW houses; elegant location;
adjoin • iu 2: other; « rooms; electricity
and jras; on terms $5w> down. $25 per
month.
JUT.«.». — :«7-fect fr»nt; Telegraph-ave. property
ualy corner left In thl* vicinity; 3 elegant
r-Fid'ncts to be erected on opposite cor-
ner.
{¦W00— i cottar's, 6 and 8 rooms each; porce-
lain bath.*; fine location; lot ;<X>x237
<note the eiie); stabler, fruit trees; finely
cor.strttcted.
i.'.T.-.Si — I'-Mory iioutu>. *» room*: porcelain bath;
back and front- rtaircase: lot OOxluO;
. sunny fide; open lawns, pelms and shade
trett; on Hobart st.
JOOGO-^JJrfH) dom-n, {25 per month, • including
new carr*U. new house, fl rooms, porce-
lain bath, tiled sink, paneled dining-
room, ca* and electricity; close to Grove
•treet.
$2?0O — Will .buy 2 cottairen. 5 rooms each; cor-
ner; i blocks, from local train; renting
now for $21 per month.
$8750 — fl rooms, porcelain bath: In5ide finish In
curly redwood; paneled hall and dlning-
roum; hardwood entrance; art class in
• hall; c!c?e to fian Pablo ave. and 20th
st.; houKe is finely constructed; can be
had on term*: (5f»o down. (30 per month.
$53«>— Will buy a lot within 5 minutes' walk
of s«r.ta Fe terminal: finest location:
sunny i«ld«-- on :!5th St.. near Market;
street work done.
$8ii00— Elegant hous». !» rooms: thoroughly
modern: one block from Lake Merritt. on
Alice *t.; hall staircase and dining-room
in ml id oak: furnace: concrete basement:
Mirmunded by beautiful homes.
A rar*- rhanoe — S2475 — New modern colonial
hou«*. « room*, porcelain bath. til*d Fink,
hardwood, cherry mantel, double par-
lor*, rat. and electricity: 3 bedroom*:
iarc» clo*fts; plate giass door: finely
frfj«-f,*<J: ,r\r%e to Grove et. and 5 min-
utes' wslk to train and electric cars,
one Mock each way; must b« seen to be
appreciated.
GEO. W. AT'STIN.
REAL E8TATK AORNT AND DEALER,
MEMBER OF THE -OAKLAND REAL ES-
TATE ASSOCIATION.
l»f>2 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
A MAGNIFKENT HOME.
H'KCIALLT «X»NFTHt<.TED.
Clinton Day. Ban Francibco, architect
!22.<K<<J owner has expended.
$13,500 price Immediate sale.
Alto rtrll furniture very cheap.
This dmrmir.K home has one of the moot
beautiful front entrances imaginable. Tbe
interior very InviHr.c and homelike ana af-
¦• lords that wholeromenevs so lacking in
many hom**. Bedrooms 5. all sunny and
cheerful. Fine attic for yourselves or the
children; oany of acre*?; beautiful grounds,
110x20(1.. with full crown ahrubberie* and
bearing- fruit. It I* clmply a perfect home.
Up-to-date and built with no rpare of ex-
pense. Location. Frultvale. In the Imme-
diate putTPundtnrs "f the homes of the fin-
«*t families in the State. Beautiful, soft,
warn climate. If In r<oor health don't fail
to ?•*. Choicely situated, affording a near
remoten*** and acceptable seclusion
LET CS SHOW TOIT.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-402 Eighth «t..
Oakland, Ca!.
..~ BELDENS BARGAINS. ~
JlC/O—An elegant elevated elte for a home:
see that choice lot, 40x115. in beautiful Col-
lege Heights. 34th and Webster ets '
$4400— Pretty h-room fcome in Linda Vista-
all new and lot 37xllP •»•-•.
$865 and *32 60 monthly— Handsome .new 7-
room house, now being completed, on l«t 33:4
xlOO; on Sycamore «., near Telegraph ave • In
the beautiful Merrell property; to be finished
in curly redwood, whltewood and birdseye
maple, with tiled bathroom; electric service
and everything up-to-date and price low
enough to surprise you.
tnsso — Nice "-room cottag-e and lot. 41x125
on Filbert *t.. near 12th. lxuo>
$3100-^11 per cent income investment and
cood speculation: fine flats with 50-foot lot*
splendidly located; near San Pablo ave ! In
rapidly advancing district: rent $27 and 'can
b» Increased; might consider good lot In Dart
payment.
»15OO— Executor's sale; rood 5-room cottage
¦ nd lot. 2ftxll5. on Chestnut et., near 10th-
worth S2000 easy.
$2500 each— Only 2 more left of tho«e Jones
estate cottars* on Jones «.. bet. Telegraph
ave, and Grove St.: -Ight in heart of city 6
rooms and bath; lots 30x100. and the best
bargains ever offered. BELDEN. real estate
1112 Broadway. Oakland. '
BETTERS &. BUHRINg! REAL ESTATE
and Insurance Brokers, have moved to their
new quarters. No.— <«8 Eleventh st., near
Hroadway. In -the new Bacon budding, where
they will be better able to accommodate their
clients.
We ere exclusive events for four nice
huilding lots near tbe new ferry line to San
Francisco.
BUTTERS & BrHRING.
Bacon Building.
468 Eleventh tt.. Near Broadway.
I $500— «10 MONTHLY: cottage of 3 rooms;
(rood burn nnd stable; chicken houurt and
fine chicken run; aimorted family orchard in
lull bearing: fine well of water: full Vj acre
rich Kandy loam twill: near fine school and
electric tar line, church and town hall: a
lovely «tectlon away from fogs and winds,
adjoining East Oakland: price $1250; this Is
a fln« olck up. Call or send for circular.
4.-..1 Seventh, opp. Broadway Station. Oak.
land; carriage free. H. Z JONES, owner.
( BUSINESS CHANCES Continued.
I A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a saTe and profitable
business opening In San ffrancisco? If so.
we can offer you any number requiring an
Investment from $100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our
office must stand the closest investigation,
and we can - place you in a store, factory,
hotel, mill, office, or in fact any business
you may prefer.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st
A— BANK and COMMERCIAL REFERENCES.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. »27 Market st.
A— TEA AND COFFEE STORE.
$3500 will buy this store; well stocked with
tea. coffee and goods In that line: good loca-
tion; doing good business; established for
years; full Investigation invited.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. U27 Market st
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st
A— PICKLING WORKS
For sale; factory completely equipped for
the manufacture of pickles, mustard, sauer-
kraut, olives, salad oils and table condi-
ments;' product sold In all parts of the
United States; plant originally bought by a
gentleman of means for his son, who has
been found Incapable of managing the large
business; cost $15,000, but no reasonable
uffer will be refused.
UEKMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— W*E CAN FURNISH TOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st
A— $100 REWARD ~ ~ ~
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who Invested
any money In or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock. $50,000.
927 Market St.. rooms 321. 322. 323. 324.
A— ONLY KIGH^CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st
A HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms: richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room and 16 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years' lease; $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st
A — We refer to 1000 successful clients.
GERMANIA- IN VEST. CO.. 927 Market st
A— A NEW THEATER. "
A gentteman with $5000 cash, capable of act-
ing us eashier, can secure half Interest in one
of the best small theater* on the Pacific
Coast; will pay him $500 monthly; particu-
lars 'only at personal interview at office of
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A~SAFK INVESTMENT. ~
$1000 cash and service secure interest and
office of treasurer In an incorporated realty
and Investment company; $15O monthly as-
sured: highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 9ZZ Market st
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $5000 can
s»cure partnership in established business In
this city and take charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st
A— HARDWARE STORE
For sale: a bigh-class business: long estab-
lished and centrally located: owner desires
to retire; will Invoice about $5000. t
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st
A^RARE OPPORTUNITY.
$300 cash and services secure Interest In es-
tablished office business paying $15 weekly;
experience not necessary; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A — THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest investment and most
profitable enterprise In the city. We repre- ;
sent two of the largest incorporated companies '
In S. F., and have openings for chauffeurs,
machinists and office men who can invest a
small amount of cash with their services.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market *t
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can Invest $500 in a
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary: invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market et.
THE best opportunity now open In the State
for a first-class experienced restaurateur
and caterer. Fresno Is the most progressive I
city- In California and needs this establish- !
ment; the business is sure to pay well from \
the start: the new building in which the
restaurant Is to be located is the largest of- ,
flee and business block In the Interior, cost- ;
ing upward of $300,000; It is In the center
of town, where all the conditions are favor- j
able to the establishment »nrt successful '
operation of one of the best-paying enter- I
prises of this kind in the State: the pro- !
prietora of the building want the right party, i
so as to make this enterprise a success, and
in order to secure the proper people they,
will make the conditions very favorable; a
capital, however, of $S0O0 or $10,000 will be
required to do the necessary furnishing. In-
terested parties are advised to come to
Fresno, or If Impossible to do that to ad-
dress the Fresno Building and Investment
Co.. P. O. box 2576. Fresno, CaL
THE BEST OPPORTUNITY IN EXISTENCE
for the Investment of small and large sums
of Idle money where It will produce a large
and steady monthly revenue without risk of
loss; principal back on demand. For full
particulars address W. H. LATIMER. 413
Walnut St.. Philadelphia. Pa. ;
LADY of culture and refinement, engaged In
lucrative, well-established professional busi-
ness In Portland, Ore., desires partner (lady)
to accommodate growing- patronage; recog-
nized by physicians and representative peo-
ple of city; references exchanged. Full par-
ticulars P. O. box 327. Portland. Ore.
WANTED — Partner In a very rapid growing
business: no experience required; must be
satisfied with $100 a month; amount required
$500. Apply bet. 10 and 12. California Alr-
Llght Co.. St. Ann's building. 6 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Hotel and saloon business; doing
good business; forty minutes from town;
price very reasonable: only experienced peo-
ple need address. Apply 4 Montgomery ave.
WANTED — To either buy a general merchan-
dlso store In a country town or will buy half
Interest with a good, live business man; state
full particulars. Box 5241. Call office.
MEXICAN devil Jumping beans; wonderful cu-
riosity; $1 per 100; send for catalogue Mex-
ican curios. Ross Curio Co.. Laredo. Tex.
(On the Mexican border.)
$500 — STEADY working man can secure In-
I terest and position In manufacturing busl-
ne!w;'good ralary; Investment fully secured;
references. Room .100. 1170 Market st.
STOCK or bond Issue of reputable corporation,
mining or Industrial, wanted to sell on com-
mission; give particulars. P. O. box 1463,
New York City. ¦
ANSWER this If you can Invest $500 or more
In a meritorious enterprise guaranteeing
large returns; services or not Box 3759,
Call office.
PHYSICIAN and druggist can each hear of
unsurpassed location In thriving suburb by
i calling on DR. MARION THRASHER. 1170
> Market st
VARIETY light groceries, cigars, bakery, can-
dy and stationery; fine new stock; price $550;
I no arr*nts; leaving city. Box 3794 Call.
FOR sale, cheap — First-class millinery business
In San Francisco: good location. Apply
WEIL & LIPPITT. room 1400. Call bldg.
FOR rent — Charming mineral springs resort
hotel; furnished; lovely grounds; white sul-
phur baths. Box 3413. Call office.
NEAT Protestant lady, with a few hundred
dollars to rent summer resort on shares.
Address S., 639 McAllister st. '.\
DRUGSTORE: good location; well stocked up;
nice fixtures; doing good, steady business;
great opportunity for doctor. Box 3000. Call.
ART store; elegant location: fully equ'Ppel for
framing: nice steady business; $1SOO; no
agents. Box 3470. Call office.
HOTEL 40 ' rooms, to lease or exchange for
country town property; value $3000. Box
3473. Call office.
FOR SALE— Corner saloon with 5 lots; all Im-
proved: on High st. Frultvale. Address a
H. ELNEF. Frultvale. Alameda County.
FOR SALE — 40-acre alfalfa ranch, stocked
; with cattle, hogs and chickens; new house
and all Implements. Address box 3488. CalL
FOR SALE — Delicatessen store on a principal
street In a good business neighborhood. Box
3235. Call office. __^^
LAUNDRY route; horse and wagon. Box
3771. Call. >
FOR sale— A half-Interest in the best crude
mtlllnff and dry paint manufactory In the
dty. $4000. Box 3761. Call.
$750— GROCERY; four sunny rooms; fine loca-
tion: splendid chance; owner leaving city.
Box 3SCS, Call office.
NICE, clean business: price $3000; terms. 578
Twelfth St.. Oakland: will pay $125 month?
CANDY store* or oartner wanted in good
• manufacturing business. 328 Hayes st
WANTED— Party to invest from $5000 to
$8000 In established manufacturing food bus-
iness; money required to handle Increased
business; will pay over 1 per cent monthly
on Investment Address box 7063. Call office.
SMALL, good-paying country hotel; a bargain.
Diamond Hotel. Black Diamond. Contra
Costa County, Cal.
. CHUBCH SERVICES — Continued.
FIRST Church, of Christ Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter Ht.,' bet' Kearny and Grant
ave.— Christian Science service at 11 a. m. :
subject of lesson -sermon, "Soul and Body."
Jj Sunday school for children at the same
hour; Wednesday evening meeting at 8
o clock; free reading-room, 2O«5 Kearny st,
rooms 500-510; all are welcome.
THE People's Church meets Sunday evenings In
Elks' Hall, 223 Sutter st, at S o'clock. Sub-
ject this evening ."A Religion of War." Paa-
1 tor. Mrs. Anna L Glllespie. Mrs. J. J.
Whitney will assist with messages. Profes-
sor Sawvell will render vocal solos.
THE Theosophlcal Society, Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott. president-founder — Headquarters Acad-
emy of Sciences building. Public lecture at
8 p. m. by Miss J. C. Brodle. Subject. "Tin.
Atlanteans" (part I). Lotus Group, 11 a. m.
Study class Thursday. 2:30 p. m.
REV. DR. CARRADINE, holiness evangelist,
will hold a series of meetings at Peniel Mis-
sion Hall, 40 Third st. (entrance on Stevenson
¦ St.). May 6-16. Services 2:30 and 7:30 p. m.
MUETIXGS — SUNDAY.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, medium, will give mes-
sages to-night at Elks' Hall, 223 Sutter st
Mrs. J. J. Whitney has removed office to
120U Market st.. Gait House; sittings dally.
KATIE HEUSSMANN gives sittings Thursday
only; also will hold test circle Thursday
evening; 25c. At 1000 Harrison, cor. Sixth.
ALL skeptics Invited to witness Mme. Young's
genuine spirit messages to-night . 10c. 619
McAllister st; readings dally.
SPIRITUAL* test meeting TTis p. m., Scot-
tish Hall. Larkin st; Perkins. Mrs. Howe.
Mra. Wermouth; others.
I MRS. STODDARD*S seances, 10c; each hears
from friends in spirit; Sun., Tue». 278 9th;
sittings.
. W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
I except Sat.; 10c; tit. 10 to 5. 143 Sixth st.
j MRS. HARLAND'S circles evenings; to-night.
I 10c; 148 Sixth; phophetlc read, dally, 30c-$l.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister st.. Mrs. C.
J. Meyer; sit dailyiteets to all every ev., 10c
MRS. EBERHARDT tests to-night. 10c; read-
lngs dally. 3250 22d St.. bet. Val. & Mission.
MME. LUCRETIA, medium: circles every aft-
ernoon and evening. 2 and 8. 10c. 148 6th. r.l.
A— TESTS; 909 Market, 2-8; Wilson. Mrs. von
Walt; S, Dr. Cowan; ordination 10c.
SUNDAY LECTURES.
•DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture this
evening, . Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle 909
Market St.; subject "Marriage and Divorce."
followed by views of a visit to Russia, the
land of the White Tsar; free tickets will be
distributed for X-Ray exhibition at sanl-
tarlutn Tuesday evening: remember the!
question box; special music.
O. N. ORLOW lecture this (Sunday) evening.
In Golden Gate Hall <upper), 629 Sutter st.
At 8 o'clock, with the subject presenting,
"The Attainment of Intelligence."
Instrumental and vocal solos. Admission free.
DR. B. M. Northlngton will give series of lec-
ture to mothers and young women at resi-
dence, 1015 Sutter, beginning Wed. afternoon
2:30; subject, "Pre-natal Influence"; free.
REV'. HENRY VICTOR MORGAN, the new
thought poet and lecturer, in Odd Fellows'
building, to-night; subject, "The Conquest
of Age"; free.
'SARAH J. WATKINS will commence a course
of lessons on "Science of Being" In Golden
Gate Hall Sunday, 11 a. m.; admission 25c.
ALHAMBRA Theater— Mother Jones will ad-
drees monster meeting next Sunday, 7j30 pm.
SOCIALIST lecture Turk-St Temple next
Thursday, 8 p. m.. J. B. French. >
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O.
O. F.— Initiation MONDAY j-taKSkXSk.
EVENING, May 16. Members «BBgS5ES|?
be present Visiting brothers "TSBrW^^
welcome. D. M. BIRRELL, N. G.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent A»o- IT^^—
elation — McrabiTs, familirs and jVfc^
friends are cordially Invited to an lc*LilB»
outing and sail around the bay on
board the schooner Ruth E. Godfrey on
SUNDAY, May 16. Vessel leaves Howard-
st. wharf at 10 a. m. Bring your own re-
freshment«.
j DINNA forget— The thirty-eighth v «• >*.
annual gathering and games of the 2\ ck on
Caledonian Club will be held, at Iffi
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, . on "*8^2>ffc
| MONDAY, May 30. Splendid programme of
sports and dances. . .'
MODERN Woodmen of America, Goodfellow-
shtp Camp 0633. • M. W. of A., meets every
! MONDAY NIGHT at Fraternity Hall. 909
¦ Market st, San Francisco.
i W. H. EDWARDS. V. C.
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk. Office room 627.
Emma Spreckela building.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Olympic
Salt Water Company will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal., on Monday the 23d day of
May, 1U04, at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to perve for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of iiuch other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday. May 13th, 1901, at 3 o'clock
p. m. CHARLES A. GIBSON. Secretary.
! THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived" application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from Vaclnda Mining Company In Va-
clnda mine, near Indian Diggings, El Dorado
County, Cal., draining Into Cedar Creek,
which reaches Coeumnes River, gives notice
that meeting will be held at room 96, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., May 23, 1904
at 1:30 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one. year for $1,
postage paid. .
_ AGENTS WANTED.
! DO you want work? Ladles or gentlemen; no
| canvassing or soliciting; no time from regu-
i lar occupation; no one need know you are
my representative; no money, outfit or ex-
perience needed; easy, permanent, honorable,
profitable work can be done home; for In-
formation, address J. W. KIDD, 5025 Baltes
j Block. Fort Wayne. Ind.
j WANTED — Agent* to sell splendid article to
housekeepers; all want It; one agent made
$100 in ten days in October; only reliable. In-
dustrious agents need apply; new article;
ready seller; big commissions. Address
JUBILEE IRON CO.. Omaha, Nebr.. 1503.
CHANCE of lifetime to one man in each State
with few hundred dollars; references; monop-
oly of legitimate business; enormous profit*;
without risk; highest Indorsements. HULL,
154 East Twenty-third st, New York. ¦
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that is
a decided Improvement on bulldlngr and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
QUICK seller; button thermometer: worn on
coat; neat, attractive; money-maker >for
agents; 15c gets sample. HEAD NOVELTY
& MFG. CO.. Kenosha, WIs.
AGENTS desiring permanent profitable so-
liciting, good future, call forenoons, room
400 Grant bldg.. Seventh nnd Market sts.
60 PER cent commission and exclusive territory
to subscription Rgents. Address THE GATE-
WAY MAGAZINE, Detroit. Mich.
AGENTS each county to sell "Family Me-
morials"; steady work. CAMPBELL & CO./
191 A St.. Elgin 111.
SIMPLEX oil burner; best fire on earth; agents
waaUed everywhere. 51" Market sU S. K.
WANTED— Circular distributers; cash pakT;
send stamp. American Distributer. Denver.
GENTLEMAN looking for a lucrative position
as promoter find opportunity R. 69. 6 Eddy
WANTED — Acjency ' for any salable article.
Address. Agent, 248 O'Farrell st.S. F.
WANTED— Women fwllcltors. easy work, big
proflt; new line. 1B67 Post st.
ATTORNBYS-AT-LAW. .
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
See me and save money: no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2, 3, 4 & 6.1st fl..
1122 Market st, between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-I^w, Exam. bldg..
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20
: years; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice: no fee In advance or for consultation-
s-evenings by appointment Tel. Red 3601. . '
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis- st; 15
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands of
soldiers, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE— Costs. ?12; quick, quiet; advice
free: all law business: no charge unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance: all law business- office
open Saturday evenings. 810 Market st, r. 31.
DIVORCE cheap, speedily, quietly; call on us
.-. 'ere going elsewhere. Phone James C221'
room 41. 916 Market at. opposite Emporium.'
DIVORCE law a specialty; no puDllclty: advica
free; costs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O7 box 2109. a. I'?
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market »t; consultation
iree; no fees In advance; open evenings.
| OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
I .....•; OAK (.A Ml IIKII li>\*TK.
j. zzz
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
43O-4rt2 EIGHTH ST..
OAKLAND.
I WE CLOSE MONDAY. MAY 16,
SaXTA FE DAY.
?!•«.«>«".> — Improved business corner; 100x100:
adjacent to banJcinr center; pays 7*4
per cent: bound to double in value;
grand future.
flS.Oow — Modern. 3-ttory business block; rents
S1S00 net per annum; adjoins fine
business structure; immediately adja-
cent to banking center.
Prominent factory site; corner, 275 feet front-
age; water plant; valuable machinery;
central location; rapidly increasing.
$0,500 — Extraordinary investment: double-
apartment house; 3 .blocks from City
Hall; land worth the price; reduced
frum $13.C0O.
f2,000— Pair flats; 4 rooms and bath each;
rents $24; near Key route.
$3,C5O — Rents $420 per annum: stores and
flat; business location; always rented;
can Increase.
$7.500 — Fine, 11-room residence; choicest lo-
cation: Lakeside district: 78 feet front-
age; mortgage $5000. 7V4 per cent.
16, COO — Magnificent Linda Vista home; lndl-
| vldual; unique; rustic design; 8 rooms
; and bath; 75x120; an ideal home.
! $6,500— Elegant 2-story residence: 8 rooms;
50x125; fine elevation: charming per-
i epectlve; choicest location in Linda
, Vista.
: $4.<S0 — Fine modern house; 8 rooms; choice
! - location; Telegraph ave.; close in.
! $5,850 — Suburban offering: nearly 4 acres:
outskirts of Frultvale; modern, hard
flnUhed building; store and 5-room flat
; above; fronts Ean Leandro electric
road; Insurance $2500; mortgage $2100;
subdivide 30 lots: snap.
$2,450 — Fine cottage. 6 rooms; porcelain bath;
gas; mantel: 30x165: Center st. station.
$2,350 — Swell cottage, 5 rooms; bath; base-
ment; mantel: driveway; cement
walks: S5xl4O; choice location; Thirty-
fifth st.; barcaln.
52,200 — Modern cottage, 5 rooms; bath and
alcove; 57x100; windmill; tank; Linden
ct. ; close In.
$1,750 — Comer cottage, 4 rooms; 100x125; well;
stable; near San L<andro road.
f 1.400 — Two-story cottage, 7 rooms; bath;
modern plumbing; West Oakland; near
Eighth st.
Jl.CSO — Modern cottage, 4 rooms; bath; base-
ment and laundry: 32x137; near For-
tieth and Grove st*.
$1,250 — Neat cottage, 5 rooms; convenient to
Broadway, locals and schools.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
400-462 EIGHTH ST., \
OAKLAND.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 BROADWAT. OAKLAND.
$2000— Sacrifice for a quick sale; beautiful 6-
room cottage on 26th st; double par-
lors; bay windows; high basement;
large lot; on sunny side of street; must
be sold at once.
$2000 — Fine two-story house of 9 rooms; bath,
etc.. Linden st.. close to 16th st.; lot
29x132: this property is being offered
at this low figure and Is a grand bar-
gain; could be occupied by two famil-
ies; easy terms.
$200 down and $25 per month will buy a
swell S-room houne; porcelain bath; all
modern conveniences; lot 40x100; on
34th st; price $3000.
| $2300^ — Splendid 6-room cottage on Oak St.;
large basement; modern conveniences;
finlrh Is beautiful; owner must sell
within three days; a sacrifice to effect
quick sale.
E. J. STEWART A CO..
100S BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
FOUR NICE HOMES.
$3200 — Beautiful home on Brockhurst st.
close to Crove and 32d; built to order for par-
! ty who is un&ble to take it; as good as others
! ask *4i"H» for; fine.
$3~tuO — Mutt be sold before Tuesday or owner
. will give a lease for two years and It will be
S withdrawn; beautiful new home of 7 rooms; on
I Oakland Heights; house never been occupied;
i pretty place and cheap.
$3750 — This is an extra fine new house of 7
rooms; on 37th at, between Telegraph and
Grove: has large lot and will be sold rn. eary
j terms; tbln Is nice.
$32fX> — Almost new Queen Anne cottage of 6
rooms; close to Webster st; house Is in fine
I condition and with the lot would cost to-day
i to duplicate ?37OO; $2000 mortgage can remain
i if desired; this Is close in and easy walk to
! narrow gauge.
1 SEE ME FOR GOOD INVESTMENTS.
; JA8. S. NAISMITH.
I S34 THIRTEENTH ST.
: F. F. PORTER.
1 One or both of those- beautiful cottages en
j NW. corner of Fifth ave. and East Eighth st.
at a banraln: on desirable terms; let us give
you the particulars.
; ?4*O<> — Modern 8-room house; large lot:
; beautifully located; near Twenty-seventh and
i Tel*rraph.
' t?,«"Hi — New 7-room house: near Telegraph
! and Fortieth *t: combination fixtures; lot
! 33x115: a bargain.
i J2850 — Lovely 7-room house on Linden st.;
, modem; lot 40x110: this Is a snap; Investigate. ;
>220O— €-room cottage; 63-foot lot; Thirty-
sixth st, near Pan Pablo; a good buy for
home or investment.
! J1650— 5-room . cottage on Myrtle;, near new
ferry line; a sood buy.
WE . HAVE SOME GOOD INVESTMENTS
IN FLATS AND OTHER INCOME PROPER-
TY. IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL, SEE
VS.
F. F. PORTER.
466 EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$10.500 — 4 modern fiat*. 6 and 7 rooms; lot 5Or
inn; 3 block* from the business center
of Broadway; pays 1 per cent a month.
$1,000 — A modern cottage of 5 rooms; lot 25x
100; rents $18 per month; all street work
done..
$Z500— House of 8 rooms; lot 60x100; cen-
tral.
. HUGH M. CAMERON,
1038 Broadway. Oakland. '
i zzz : —
i FRANK P. LEE.
911 BROADWAY.
$3200 — Special rnan: owner must have
money: close to Santa Fe depot: 7 nice rooms. ;
| Aen, porcelain bath, nickel plumbing. laundry
; and stnrage-room; everything complete; ele-
i rant lot, 40x150; nice law'n; desirable surround-
ings; sunny; immediate possession.
FRANK P. LEE.
011 BROADWAY.
SOMETHING GOOD.
$3100 'will buy a modern ft-room house; lot
175x100; fruit trees, flowers, etc.: con-
venient to street cars: healthy location.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
".£&..: 1058 Broadway. Oakland.
ALDEN REALTY CO..
8184 Telegraph ave. Phone Black 6481.
REAL ESTATE. INSURANCE.
$1800 — 6-room cottage; all improvements;
! 48:6x121: near car Jlnes: a bargain,
i $800— Lot 35x115; street sidewalk all done;
near Berkeley.
$350i — Lot 40x135; sewered; In Berkeley,
$2O-$3O front foot; on Telegraph ave.; street
work all done; near Idora Park.
Houses, flats and rooms to let
FOR sale — New 7-room 2-story house; 'recep-
tion room, bath and laundry: situated on
5tb ave., near 19th st: well built and nice-
ly finished; every modern convenience; choice
sightly lot 60x125; fine view of lake and
hills; near electric cars and station: quick
transbay service: reasonable price and
terms.
B. H. WELCH * CO..
Sth ave. and 18th' st., Oakland.
PHENOMENAL BARGAIN.
Fine lot, close to 14th and -Broadway: 42
feet frontage by depth of 125 feet: reduced
for quick sale; only $200 per front foot. Box
1169. Call office. Oakland.
$3750— HANDSOME 6-room house; dining-
room all paneled In selected curly redwood:
handy to electric cars and Key route local
For further particulars address owner, box
1168. Call office. Oakland.
$4750 — AN elegant 7-room house, with hand-
some reception hall; large attic floored, and
concrete basement: 50-foot lot one of the
best residence streets of Oakland; between
two electric car lines, . and handy to Key
route; built for a, home. Address owner, box
: 1172. Call office. Oakland.
A SNAP— -House of 7 rooms; large lot; close
In: price $2250. P. W. ANDERSON. 127
San Pablo ave.. Oakland. • •
NEW 7-room furnished house; 5 minutes' walk
from Key route depot. Apply 831 Thlrty-
flfth st. Oakland.
$1100 BUYS house and lot 108 4th st. Owner
755 Jackson jst., corner 4th st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for raailing, $1 per year
•A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kincia of business chances.
i Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors $-00 to $--..uO
Barber shops *$*> J* f 250O
Cigar stands '•~ >0 to *20<)0
Groceries and bars tSMffSS
Ralnona . ...• $300 t* $10,000
Re'&u a nJ.t,' '.•.". **? <<> »»«»
Fruit and vegetable ¦t^-tr.'iSJX , t0 li!^
Drugstore* ***** t to !*J^
Delicatessen stores $-^° '° *?f°Y
Wood and coal yards *2-*> to $10u0
For sale — First-class legitimate mining
proposition that will bear strict investiga-
tion. . __
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves- 36- room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay. vegetables: all
' kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity In
this $2500: death In family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — WelUocated bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; 6Vj yj*" lease;
one of the best transfer corners fh city; do-
ing fine business; other interests cause Kale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade^ — Quarts mine; fine prospect:
located In Cal. ; assays $40 to $70 ton : trade
for rmg-hse- or business. Cameron. 3 t-ddy.
FOR sale or will trade — 6 acres inside city
limits; one of best Interior cities In Califor-
nia: house barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $1000. CAMERON A
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Electrical and locksmith business:
central location: established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $9O to $100 per month: price $300;
must sell on account other business. CAM-
F.RON & CO.. 3 Eidy st.
FOR sale— Well-located grocery and bar; rent
only $25; sales $3O to $10 per day; prtot
$2000; snap. CAMERON & CO.. S Eddy st.
FOK rent — Charming mineral spring* resort
hotel; furnished; lovely grounds; white sul-
phur baths. Box 3418. Call office.
FOR sale — Corner cigar stand: dotng good busi-
ness; no agents Apply 1103 Dupont st. cor.
Pacific.
FOR sale— $4000: harware business; profitable
investment. 1535 Seventh St. Alamed*.
WANTED — To rent hotel furnished. Address
with particulars box 1M2. Call office,
FOR SALE— Hay and grain business. Box
3435. Call office. g
$500 TO Invest in some honorable business wttli
services. Box 3755. Call office. ¦
$350 — PART cash; downtown cofft» and lunch
place; owner rtck. Box 3857, Call.
FOR sale— At sacrifice. Greth's airship stock.
Box 37P0. Call office. __^
A BONANZA: make thousands of dollars by
investing $2000 Immediately. Box 373tt. Call.
GREAT bargains: saloon, cigar store, bakery
and candy store; make offer. Box 373.. Call.
A RESTAURANT worth $1000 goes for $230
this week. Box 3800. Call office.
Al LAUNDRY, dyeing and cleaning route;
sacrifice, account of sickness. Box 3888. Call.
GROCERY and bar — Bargain; bargain: sacri-
ficed; make offer. Call Monda.y.865 Bryant St.
OYSTER and chop houxe for sale. 603% Post
st; see proprietors 10 to 3.
FOR sale— Cheap: notion and school supply
store. Apply 1306 Railroad ave.. Alameda.
100 LOTS free; applicants sen.llng stamp will
receive deed of lot. size 25xlO>> feet; suburb
N. Y. Twentieth Century Realty Co.. 6
Wall St., New York. _^
j HORSERADISH grinding and delicatessen bus.
cheap; good reason for selling. 2401 Mission.
BUTCHER shop for sale. Apply 423 San Pablo
ave., Oakland.
NOVEL monopoly: hundreds proflt wkly. ; part-
ner; mod. capital: profits. Box 39-iO, Call.
BAKERY: new cash register: stock and ftjf-
tures; good store trade; $350. 2757 24th st.
CARPENTER shop: fine trade; good location;
low rent. 1522% Bush st.
FOR sale — Morning paper route; over 500. Ap-
ply B.. box 3373. Call.
! FOR sale — The Union Hotel; manufacturing
, town; B«nlcla. Cal.
j FINE newspaper rout* for sale. Inquire at
| this office.
| A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
I of advertisements and subscriptions has been
j opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth,
Open until 11 p. m.
LrODGIXG-UOUSISS FOR. 5ALB.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. 3d and Market sts. Phone Black 3CO7.
Hotels.Rooming & Apartment houses for sale.
NEW and modern; 36 rooms; 3 frontages; every
room sunlit; electric lights; long lease; 19
bay windows; permanent roomers; several of-
fices; $1611 profit In last I* months, an aver-
age, of $179 monthly; prlre $;3<x>.
MARION GRIFFIN".
OWNER positively guarantees this 100-room
house full of roomers; income $1007 In June;
total expenses $659; exact proflt $453; build-
ing Is new and modern: furnishings are first
class; owing to ill health owner muet leave
here for Arlsona. MAQflON GRIFFIN.
SPLENDIDLY furnished: 24 rooms, large and
sunny; a corner In good location; the hang-
ings are dreams of loveliness, and everything
has an air of refinement pleasing to well-bred
ladles; clears $104 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
8WELLEST 43-room downtown rooming-house
in San Francisco: furnished 4 months ago
with the very best quality of mahogany.
birdseye maple, velvet and axmtnster car-
pets: lease for 6 years: very central, on splen-
did corner; proof of $25O proflt monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
19 SUNNY rooms; corner lodging-hotue In fin*
location; completely furnished; rent only $30;
electric lights; very attractive.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SOMETHING fine on a corner; 14 rooms. ne*r
St. Francis Hotel: velvet carpets; good solid
oak furniture and clean: clearing over $60
per month; and furthermore, a nice respect-
able house: $S0O cash Is alt you need, to pay
down, or will exchange for city lots.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH-CLASS rooming-house of . 19 rooms)
clearing $103 monthly: fine furnishings; sun-
ny side: fine view; fine lawn: must be sol4"
don't fall to make an offer to *
MARION GRIFFIN.
DISGRACE to be hard op?
Why. no. unless you neglect your opportuni-
ties. If you can pay $150 cash ire ean
sell you a house where you can make a rood
living and pay oft balance from profits In the.
business. MARION GRIFFIN.
WE have a $75,000 hotel proposition;
paying 15 per cent per annum on $73 000-
only $20,000 cash necessary to swing If If
you have $20,000 at your command kindly
call for particulars. MARION GRIFFIN.
NO. this 41-room bouse Is not high class-
but It's a great bargain and a money-makar*
the owner. Is elck In a hospital: In March
the Income was $190 over the rent; It was
newly furnished IS months ago; the lease
hold runs for 3 years more; less than $2000
will buy It; make your own offer and terms
*o MARION GRIFFIN.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMINO HOUSES
HOTELS. ETC.
C. E. HINKLET— PHONE MINT 798.
1020 MARKET ST.. OPP FIFTH.
Clear Titles on All Sales.
FORMER PATRONS My Best References.
14 r.; nice location: rent $45; price $700
22 r.; elegantly rum.; lease: north Mkt; offer
25 r.; one floor; lease: rent $50 ..»*0O
Or.; flat: bargain; fine furniture.'. ... .$700
48 r.; two floors; rent $150; price $3tiOt
14 r.; bargain; velvet carpets; rent....... $35
8r.; flat; elegant furn. ; price $«25
40 r. ; modern; rent $5 room; price... $4500
21Sr.: apartments; clears $500: price $7000
SPECIAL — Modern cor. house. 42 rooms -
long lease: rent $5 25 room; bargain. C e!
HINKLEY. - *
COR. house — 16 rooms; downtown; will
trade for smaller house. HINKLET 1020
MARKET. •
Call for list of exchanges, houses flats,
hotels, etc.
HINKLET. 1020 Market st.. opp. Sth.
16 ROOMS, with leas*: In Berkeley; nicely
furnished: one block from university $1330*
monthly income $600; always full.
w rooms, in Oakland, near Center: com-
pletely furnished; $S0O.
Also good paying restaurant In fine location
In Berkeley.
A. L. HALE.
1511 Shattuck ave.. 2315 Shattuck ave.
North Berkeley. Dwight way
Phone Mason 732. Phone Derby 1022:
H. C DECKER. 006 MARKET. Tel., John 531.
LODGING HOUSES. HOTELS AND FLAT3
FOR SALE. T? *"
ALL SIZES. FROM tt TO 500 ROOM3.
ALL PRICES. FROM $30 TO $23,000.
Call before buying. DECKER. 006 Market.
NINE looms: all full: must sell en account of
sickness. Inquire 212 Fifth iuTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, -MAY; 35, 190*.
45
V E3IPLOYMEXT WASTED— WALK. |
GARDENER. German, wishes situation; first
class in all branches. Box 3433. CalL
POSITION as bookkeeper] G. a. SMITH, box
458. Frultvale, Cal.
EXPERIENCED elevator ooerator wants po-
slUon. Box 3461. Call office.
WANTED — Situation by a • first-class all
v. around German; able to drive, and take care
of fine horses,' carriages, greenhouse, propa-
gation, treating insects and diseases of
plants, and all work connected with house,
garden. lawn and stable; best of references.
Box 3449, Call. •
DltTGOODS, notion and hosiery salesman de-
sires a. permanent position with wholesale
jobbing house; S years' experience; reference
furnished.' F. L. LAWRENCE. 2024 Wool-
sey >st. Berkeley. Cal.
DRUGGIST would like position In ; wholesale
drug house in laboratory; have been In re-
tail business 10 years: graduate and regis-
tered In four States. ' T. P." LAUFFER, 1*021
Woolsey st. Berkeley. Cal.' '
POSITION wanted to care for" Invalid or as
. -companion: can give massage; sanitarium ex-
perience and references.: \ A. .-V. NOKLING.
general delivery, city. - - ¦• - . =c-
w ANTED— Employment by a competent per-
son as hostler in a private stable preferences
given. Box 3544, Call office. ,
A GOOD painter, paperhanger and ; tint*r wants
•work; tools furnished.- Box 3427. Call office.
A- JAPANESE boy would like a position as
schoolboy; understands cooking; speaks goci
English; best references. H..G., 1513 Larkln
street. ' . , ' ' . • .' "-..',¦
JAPANESE couple want situations In city or
country: man as cook, wife to do housework.
wait on table. : OOAWA, 810^ Stockton st.
JAPANESE boy wishes situation a* cook and
do little housework In small family: best ref-
erence. FRANK. 611 Bush st. ;tel. Btack 60U4.
JAPANESE student wants a position as school-
boy; wages- $2 week. KANTE K. AOTAGI.
807 Polk St.' ... :¦•.•¦-¦¦ :¦- . . :
. : ¦ FLAT» TO LET. ¦
A— BRODERICK st, corner Halgnt (vicinity
Park Panhandle), new flats. C ft. 7 rooms,
bath: handsomely finished - parlors ; panel
dining-rooms with beam ceilings; latest Im-
proved gas. grates: sun;, light, view unsur-
passed: open for inspection Sunday 11 to 3.
SPECK * CO.. 20» Montgomery st. . »
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vaciat Boutr* and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department; ov«r 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give yon a list and help you to find a
place; w« never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
X 4' OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Inmtnia list:
¦errtce absolutely - free; taks adrantags of
this department; It will save- you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co:. 246-229 Geary
St.. on the square.
LOMBARD, 1010— Partly furnished 3-room flat;
marine view; good for those requiring pure
air and sunshine; half -block from Hyde cars.
Apply one week; no children.
ELEGANT new flats: reversible windows;
btrdseye maple mantels; all modern im-
provements; rent . reasonable. 1819 and l>-7
Mission st. ,
BUENA VISTA. 1293 Halght st— Elegantly
fcrnlshed front apartments. 4 rooms; sun all
day; most 'convenient and complete.
CENTRAL are.. 71. near Halght — Sunny up-to-
date flat; 0 large sunny rooms and bath;
reasonable.
HTDE. 2654." near North Point — Upper marine j
view flat 0 rooms and bath; rent $35. VON
RHEIN Real Estate Co.. 513 • California at.
UNION. 1S00 near Octavia — Upper flat of 11
room* and bath: rent S27 50. VON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO., 513 California st.
NEW 6 and 7 room flats; sun all day; 1 block
north of Market st 157 to 165 Noe.-st..
near Henry. . C - ... -
NEW flats. 6-0 r.. basement, yard; rent' reas-
orable. 1454, .1453 Eighth ave.. Sunset;
south Golden Gate Park. .
SUNNY flat - of 3 rooms, yard arid cellar In
rear of 911 Filbert st; $0. Inquire baker
shop. 811 Filbert st. 1 __
SUNNT Cat of 3 rooms, yard and. cellar Jn
rear of 011 Filbert st; $9. Inquire baker
. shop. ;011 Filbert, et .... . .' .
3 NEW 6 and 7 rooms; sun all day; $23 50 and
$25. Walnut. St.. bet Sacramento and Cali-
fornia. ' ¦'
A NEW- modern flat of « rooms and bath; rea-
sonable to responsible party. S2S Harrison st.
CA PP. 42fl — Elegant sunny, flat of 7 rooms and
bath. Inquire at 428 Capp st.
CARL. 209-211 — 1 block south Golden Gate
Park r 5 r.' ft b., 8 r.- & bath; cheap rent.
FLAT— 1337 EH I* st. bet. Laguna and Bu-
chanan — 6 rooms, bath; rent $20.
FULTON, 918. near Flllmore — Front and rear
flats; new;- 3 and 4 rooms; baths. : -
GROVE. 8, few steps from City Hal) — Flat of
5 rooroa and bath; rent $23. •
GUERRERO. 1209, cor- Twenty-fourth — Sunny
upper flat: 5 rooms and bath; $22 50. .
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Call
on LTON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st
HAMPTON place, 5, off Folsom St.. nr. Third —
Sunny flat. 3 bay-window rooms; rent $12.
LOWER flat 110 and 114, and upper flat US ;
Peary at. near Third; water and ashes free, j
LYON, 734. near McAllister — Elegant modern
flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $30.
LTON. 734. near McAllister— Nice 'modern Cat
6 rooms and bath; rent $30. ' '¦ • »
MASON. 815— Desirable • lower flat. 8 rooms
and bath;' rent reasonable. '
MASONIC are., 1317, near Park-^Elegant
sunny, up-to-date upper flat • . v - - ¦ -
NEW sunny flat 7 rooms, view, gar-
den. 2209 Leavenworth st, near Greenwich.
NEW— 7 rooms and bath; lower flat: latest
Improvements. 2732 Mission st. near 23d.
NEW modern 7-room flat; sun In every room.
. 325 Bartlett street
PACIFIC. 1243 — Sunny flat: 6 rooms. bathT
gas. storeroom, yard; $20 50: key lower flat
PIERCE. 930 — Elegant new upper 9 rooms and '
billiard hall;' sun every room; grand view
dty. j f -
PIERCE. 2935 — Near two car lines; elegant ft*
room lower flat i . - - .
PINE and Stelner. NE. cor. — Sunny . flat, 6
rooms and bath; separate entrance;, rent $35.
POLK 2500A— New. sunny fiat of 3 rooms and
bath; rent. $13. . ..
SHOTWELL,' 2fl, near Fourteenth — Sunny mid-
dle flat; 4 rooms, bath and yard: $20.
SUNNT flat 0 rooms . and bath. 1730 Ellis
St.. near Stelner. ¦•;
WALLER. 573 — Modern upper flat 0 rooms
and bath; nicely decorated; rent $20.
$20 — SUNNT. new. 5 rooms. 3d & Point Lobos
a vs. : Geary- st. ear, 22 rain, from Kearny.
$25^-NEW, up to date. 5-« r.. sun. light. .fine
view. Le Roy place, nr. Saeto. and Jones.
$35-$42 60 — 7-S r.,.flne views and neighborhood^
light and sun. . 2509 Van Ness snd Union.
$35— UPPER flat of 9 rooms; modern. 1303 H
Waller st. near Masonic ave. . ''.:¦¦
FIATS TO LET— FUK>ISHKD.>. ,
I "WILL rent my furnished flat. Western Ad-
dition, 7 rooms sun every room; five months;
nice couple: no children. JULIEN SMITH.
420 Montgomery st .
&UNNY. elegantly furnished, for housekeeping;
.piano: porcelain bath: 4 minutes' walk, from
City Hall; no children. 332 Hayes st ¦
GROVE, 1458 — Upper sunny newly furnished
flat of 8 rooms, piano, etc.; near Park; call
' land see; reasonable: from 10 to- 3. -
FOUR rooms completely furnished; bath.- gas,
piano: rent reasonable; references. 1410 Guer-
rerp st. - 'i . - j . • - ¦ • * ** jr
GEART. 691 — Coxlly furnished flat, 6 rooms;
new; to rent or for sale; bargain. '-l.'s
FLAT. 5 rooms, furnished, bath, yard; refer-
ence. 708 Market st. room. 312.-
FLAT of 7 rooms; coal and gas staves; piano.
713 Grove st; call 11 to 8.- •¦ •;
FLATS FOR SALE— FtIl.Mi.HKO.
$250— FURNISHED house of 8 rooms, bath,
gas; rooms all rented; rent paid to June -1;
rent $35. 315 Jeasle at.
FOR sale — 2 cosily furnished flats. .Apply T
J.DUNN & CO.. 1312 Market. Callaghan bd.
FOR sale — Furniture, of 4-room flat bath.~$CO #
rent $14. 1 1CSA Paclflc st. - • ; - * j- ; ; . ; -
TO let — 5-room flat: desirable location treason-
able rent; furniture for sale.' 11-Noe'st
SUTTER,' 1009— A snap; $550.! cost $1200. to
furnish 7-rocni house; new; lease; low rent.
_I.Ollc.lV«. hoi si:> 1-lUt SALK Cosu
A. CAtlHRGN « <. .o .. I'iijiie South 1U5D.
¦t U«d:- ti.. tcr. ISartet and t*ow«tL
Kmflcyrtrm tcr Pu II Tlilj fcunw. Ilut*!s «ci
AH .Kinds cf Bur:n.ES Oictice*.
. ¦ US rc*'>T!ir; <Vo n-ntov.-n c;rtr:n»?rcial hotel; <<
. years" l»arr:: cheap r.at: eleJtar.tly furnished;
•o-w cf the b.-st EMMCttadttep to secure flrtt- t
dast! bast 4: mvner h»* <.thcr business: psrt
cj&h: _i;iia.r.ce thno.
27 roon.a: rhssn rer.t: c-Ieeant new building.
Turrituro acd cari^tsf close in; clearing over ¦
S'JOo nr-r jjicr.:!i; tine chasce to get firat-clase
. lious- cht-2;>.
CJ rw>rr:»: b<*t downtown transientTiouse In
ruj; will |iadc Icr ranch; turopelted to leave
liic cJ^-.
17 rooms; rent -only $70; fine little apart-
rue::t-hou*e; fl.kr.fst; must seil; tnaa: SOW. ;
14 room«: reasonable r*nt :. newly decora te*d
and painted: beautiful new quarter i>a\ved cak
tumiture; Ajcmlaster and velvet carpet*; 3
leas*; j)art cash.
12s rofiras: cheap rent: iong lease; first. cless.
vp-<o~dat- dewmowra li.-us.- . well furci?hed:
. oJoaric^ $5ixi to $<«<W per month: must sell oa
£%ccuni of ether business; only mlth us.
TT> TCKrr\f, srar.d new building: elegantly fur-
rtehe<i,*chca'j rest; UB years' lease; cIom In;
ckars £400 per month: J40t« down, balance 8
i«r ccr.t twr annum: deiiartur^.
20 room*; r-nt only SlOO; all new furniture:
eoctor pa>s $95; clearing over all expenses
flOu: best t-treftin Oakland; will trade for San
1 r&nci&vu fci:u«<r
24 reo:rs: rc.it $1«; new and elegantly fur-
cieheu; cak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good i'ife.
220 rocrn*; new and uc-to-data apartment-
houee; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance ;
enery modem *<ju'.riment; clearing $400 to $600
it mor.th: to be sold at a bargain on account
cf departure.
SI rooms, near Market; cheap rent: mostly
new furniture and carpetc; clears $150; can
be run ixrrmanent or transient; half cash;
fcalasce time.
8 rocms; r»nt $30; Cal. st.: good fur. car-
pets; S rooms bring la $22; bal. landlady:
price $300.
1% rooms: Cne downtown corner house; pri-
vate baits; beautiful furniture: 2 entrant"**:
4aJcee tn S3© to $40 per day transient, besides
"regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
22 rooms; rent only *SO: new furniture and
. earpete; 5 y*ar« - lease; cleare $90 to IK"} per
month; must cell account sickness; $3500.
i,f> rooms; cheap rent: n«w and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired; rare
cfcance for nerht parties; part cash, balance ,
• «#ji l>e jisia out of the house: other business
Interests demand immediate departure.
' S3 mor.s; cheap rent; good lease; beautifully
furnished; new modern bullflinc; very central; :
til full; little gem of a house; leaving city.
»0 room*: beautiful new buildlsg and furni-
ture; s*mU aowntown location; everything up-
. to-<5et« tcr.i 6rtn-cla.zt; Cne opportunity to »•-
, cure high-gra-ie preposition; must go East.
9 roorr.i : sunny flit; rent $50; cak, mahogany
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $C50.
• ISO rooras; rrand. new, modern apartment-
hocse: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rest; rise ie*»e: paying $5O0 to $600 per mon;n;
dtostc in: full nice ;—¦;•:-: bargain If taken at
cne*; <l:sfccj!uticn cf partnership.
14 rooms; rent only $60; oak furniture: good
carpets; t*n cash, balance time; price $600.
10.* rcirr.s; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial >¦>••. clearing: $350 to $400 per
" xnonxh; ca.il tot particulars.
• 12C no<->rr.«: rent enly $4 p*r room; new aad
• ui>-towitite house; ail mra; *l«*ric elevator,
lights; lc-T>g >ase; clears $400 to WOO p«r
month; cne cf the beft buys In the city.
19 morn?: nr.t only fHX); well furnished; lit-
tip ar>art:;.oEJ -house; rrduced to $1100.
ISO roora«; beautiful corner: 3 and 4 room
f- ; !-.'¦•'¦_. ¦ ¦- gr&nd r.r.rir.e view; new a£id mod-
ern throughout: mort elegantly furnished house
in cTty: ctul for terms and particulars.
8 ro/im$; fine u£i*-r flat; rent only $30; can
b? had L-y paying $150 down, balance time;
MSQ.
• JC2 rooms: tnrwt elegantly appointed apart-
nuJH-hotifc^^^s jjaa Kr»nci»co; be&ulirul, mod-
ern building; fin* eTiCance: ch?«p rent; clear-
Ing $fx> pt-r month; 5-year lease; part cash.
b<t ia nee f> r/*r c^nt pr yecr.
7-r«o»3 fiat: rest $40; rwk furniture; good
rar;*-.i; sickness; price $350.
-1 roont: corner; rent only $83: oak fur*.:
p*h*1 eaj-r—t*. bcu*ek«plnjr: all full: clearing
S7O ov«?r all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
11000.
r/> room}:; new. moder.n apartment-house; 10-
year least; cheap rent; clearinz $200 to $300;
very central; first-class it .jv^ition.
• •'0 rocat; r. r.t only 3150: <-ai and cherry
fur.; tine carets; cioae in; fine money-maker.
£S rooms; *!«»gantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; <Joir.jr fine business; will trade for. large
upartnient-houFe and pay ca«h difference.
Lsnre Iirt cf r*-al estate, rooming-houses and
bu*ir*es«. for exchang«_cr trade, always on
hand.
A. CAMEP.OX & CO.. 3 Eddy st
. 100 P.OCilS: sunny corner; rent $125 $4300
10:» rooms; desrs $350; low rent $6500
80 rooms; furniture nearly new $3S00
40 rooms; fine location, north of Market. ilOOO
«« rooms; in Oakland; new; rent $00.. ..$2500
12 roomt; half cesh; cheap rent $000
Money to loan on furniture EITEL A
CARROLL. 212 Kearnr »t.
60 ROOMS; sunny corner house; all outside
bay- window room*: cast south and west ex-
posures: with lease; rare opportunity; In-
vestigate. Box 34&1. Cal] office.
POTVELL, near Market— Lodging-house. 23
r - •:.!. all light well rented; little work;
etc* entrance: large yard; storerooms; cheap
rent; owner leaving city. Box 3939. Call.
l/)DGIXG-house, 21 rooms; nice location; In-
quire grocery. 1030 Folsotn st,
TOR SALE — Lodirtng -house. 27 rooms, nleeljr
fcrcishrd; on SUx-ktcn Et. ; rent low; leas*.
¦ Box 1836. Call office,
LODGING-HOUSE of 14 rooms for sale: must
be sold within a week on account of sickness;
no er-jRU. 34S Fifth st
•A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf tdvertisemerts and subscriptions has been
cpeaed at lOo* Market tt.. opposite Fifth..
Open cntll 11 p. m.
CARPET ' nKATiXG AXD CLEAKMQ.
OOatPAESSXD Air sod Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on
Coor without removal; carpets and rugs are
also cleaned by compressed-air at shop;
prices moderate. S. F. Compressed Air
• -,.ir.:r. £ Co.. :•.'.•¦ Market st; phone* Main
\:.2 and Busa 479.
WHEN you become dlsgueted with your work
«end for EPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat.
' lr.g Work*. 351-357 Toh*ma st. Tel. South 4ft.
AT MITCHKLL'S. 240 Fourteenth '«.. clean-
ing &. Ia» ing done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
2£i Golden Gat* ave. Telephone East 126.
EOPKE BP-OE. ; excellent carpet beating; mat-
trrwwf made over. 1432 Howard ;tel.South 21 «
• ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutler if
tel. Mala 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.'
RUPOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et.; tel.Mieclon 263
CArE XOME. ~~
TICKET office fcr sll poiats In Alaska. C.~r!
MOORE. f»27 Market st. room 2o& First
steamer May .21; $75 first clau.
cottrcTioir omcES.
SAD tenant* Reeled fcr $1; collections made;
dry or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Slorstgemery. room* 9-10; teL Mala S2S0.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COMPLETELY rnrntsped cottage. 6 rooms,
bath large yard; terms low to careful party;
references. Call roorninri>. 4334 Twenty-third
ft., between Douglass and HcSman.
COTTAGE. C rooms and bath. Call between
11 a. m. end 1 p. m.. EC2 Shot well st.
COTTAGES FOit SAI.B.
COZY cottage: Q rooms, bath; modern; warm
belt: lot :{Qxl22:tt. Call 1818 ShotweU st.
~ COTTAGES WASTED^
WANTED— in Koss Valley a furnished cottage
ur h^use; rent not ever $50 per month; four
In family: first-class references. Apply box
. S570. Call effice
CURES Bujrx'UitX.
V HO?— Hunter. 1208 Market st: $100; rupture
" cox* for *I0: circular explains: send for one.
ciOTgnrg KEgQTATnro.
tLJTS cleaned ana pressed. $1: scouring and
tfyeing. Bon Marcbe, 40 Ellis St. room 14;
¦j-fctce Drumm 44. Call for aad deliver tret.
' CREDIT CI.OTH2EES.
!c F. ADAMS CX}. "~~. ~
! SPECIAL CREDIT STORE
We clothe the whole family from han to
tboes: everything up to date at cash price..
Credit for all. 3I«t Mason «t
* DENTISTS. / .
A NEW plate — The. Whalebone — cannpt break;
warranted 20 ym.; crown. $.$ 50: fillings. 50c;
platc-e. $a : full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2* Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh
—No chart e for txtractlng when plates are
made: old plates made over like new. teeth
from $& per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
Paris Dental Parlors. 253 Kearny, cor. Bu?h—
Set teeth. $1 8u up: crowns, fj up:flllings.25c.
ARTHTTR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist r.l4'.l*t
floor. Phelan bUM ami Market, cor. O'Farrell.
COLD filling*. "r>c: silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Kewltt.204 Suttr.
A WF.F-K'S nrwn for 3 cents— The Weekly CaJI.
18 t»r»«. In wraoper. for r-.allln«. SI pt rear.
DKEli.vMAIvKltS AXU »I5A»I»T»KMKJ
McDowell, dressmaking
and millinery school.
Best eyftem of dresscuttlng taught
Best course in millinery.
Best pattern rooms; eve. class. 1019 Market
' St.. above glxth.
ACCORDION. sunburst and knlfe-plalung.
Stewart'* button and buttonhole factory, 110
".Taylor jt.; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure: e\-e. class. 1019 Mkt.
imrroAL»M.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
A business med'm, read dally $1; dev'p'g class
Thurs. 8 p.m. 107 Taylor, r. 27;tel. Jessie 3438."
j MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
I Clairvoyant trance business medium and life
| reader. 1206 Market st. Gait House.
C V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night,
8 o'clock. $1. lOfr* Bu»h tt.
ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing seance Sun-
day. 2 and 8 p. m .; full light; 60c. 32S Ellis.
! A GRAND full form materializing seance to-
I Bight. 8 o'clock sharp; 50c. 457 Eddy st
EDWARD EARLE. 1OS2 Ellis »U. readings
daily: phone Sutter 3094.
PROF". FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant «nd
slate-writer 1113 Kddy et Phone Scott 887.
CLAlltVOVAAlf.
THE FUTURE REVEALED, THE PAST
DISCLOSED.
Tb« Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readies* are like
a living page of Flammarssn's treatise that Is
co electrifying the world ' to-day. He Is no
imitator. His work Is upon original lines,
pure thought clear vision. He tells you what
you desire to know and works in the open
light
He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for Ms original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading is not a life reading. When
yon call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE be will
give ycu a full life reading for $1. A test
Is of little value; when the ralr.d Is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
This is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
giv*s you when you call on him for a flrst-
class clairvoyant reading.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He do»« not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Let PROF. LIV-
INGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling j cm, flsd the cause of trouble and '
suggest the remedy.
Permanently located 428 Eddy st; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hourm. 10 i. m. to & p. m. .
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His taxnour $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge
X7nless you obtain the Information tor
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmlft ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tei: you If
hoaband. wife nr lover Is true or false: who and
when you will marry; bow to gain the lore of ,
the one you desire: "in fact." I will tell you,
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and indisputable; he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vlror health, happiness And capacity to earn
wealth: the controlling power lrnplaated tn your
nature, s« you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lest vitality; gives advice on
mining and burled treasures: gives you success
In life; he guarantees you .success or charges
nothing for his etrvlces.
10 a. m. to $ p. m. — Closed Sunday.
32fl OFarrell st— 32«.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at, 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: if you are in trouble,
discontented, cr not satisfied with life, or
have domestic love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of U'e; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 4589.
MME.PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card - reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight tells past, present and future; 1.
&0c. g. by cards $1: palmistry and clairvoyant
- clt.. $1 &0. 312 Mann St.. near Geary.
A — Miss M. Wllle. 460 Geary, clairvoyant cry?.
tal seer and lift reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion, names given; special, $1; hours 10 to S.
A REAL true reading of your life is what
every one should have; you can get it from
the Romany Gypsies two camps, 145 Powell
st. and 285 Geary ft.
j MISS ZEMDAR. young.glfted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names: I. 50c, g. $1. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G.ave
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst. clairvoyant card
reader; when others fall try me. good readings
25c. 721 Frankl!n.nr.O.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
MADAM FRYE^ — Clairvoyant, medium; past,
present, future; specialty of love affairs, mar-
riages and divorces. 120G Mkt., r. 40, 3d fl.
A — lime. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 835 Howard,bet.4th&5th.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, date
and facts;, readings dally. 917 Market st
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: Ia. 25c;
rents 50c. 9S1 Mission st.nr. 6th; open. Sun.
IEMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress, will
- return from her vacation July 1.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c;
gents, COc; hours 1 to 9. 120 Sixth st
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23% Cth: 1. 25c. g. 50c
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In dty.
26% Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c
MRS BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st
UME HERNANDEZ, wonderful palmist and
card reader. 421 Hyde st
MRS SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
tlnr» dally. 44S*4 Jessie >t. bet. Sth and Oth.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT borne in our new quarters, the largest, best
Ilghud and most delightful place of business
etBdy in the entire West New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
825 Golden Gate ave.
IIEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
ATRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
k*t st.; established 18 yearn; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free. '
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1238 Market eU ; ¦'.'¦
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&EIectrlclty, 24 Post
st. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1884. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, ar. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. I3S2 Market: catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeer.tng, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, writing, etc; day, eve.; $4 mo. eve.'
BOOKKEEPING, English, math., etc. day cr
eve. individual lnstr. Rm. 2. 305 Larkln. Prof.
¦ T. A. Robinson, formerly of Pac. Bus. CoL
DANCING — Professor Flndlay has reopened his
Juvenile «larses at Flndlay' s Hall. 17th st;
Saturday 2 to C; private lessons dally.' . •
SPANISH— Quickest and most thorough In-
struction; class or private. PROF. MAYA,
42T Sutter st •
SPANISH — A practical and progressive method.
RAFAEL SERRANO. &30 California st. r. 4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin dub. $1 nex mo. 628 Halght st.
' KMPLOY31EXT WASTED— FEMALE.
. WANTED — A position 'as housekeeper for old
coup'e. 40ti Octavia st .
WANTED— Woshing. Ironing and housedean-
ing. 1507 Miwion st. .
LADY wishes work by the day. 127 Fulton st
. WOMAN wants washing or housedeaning;
$1 £3 a day.-. Address 460A Minna at.
BY a middle-aged woman 'as companion' or
nurse during trip to Europe. Box 37U8, Call.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day;
wages $1 25 a day. Address 8 Welsh st
A STRONG woman' wishes house and window
cleaning; $1 50 day. Box US91. Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day.
% »4C Harrison st i .
A REFINED young woman wishes position as
lady's traveling companion. X.. 615 Larkln.
WANTED — Position to do all kinds of fancy
work. SS2 Ellis st.
A STBONO German woman, good cook, wants
cooking for men in the country. 324 Mason
Bt; phone Black 2300. ¦
YOUNG Udy, experienced stenographer, wjth
knowledge of bookkeeping, desires a posi-
tion as office assistant. Box 3407, - Call.
EASTERN trained nurse wishes engagemeats:
reasonable; convalescent cases halt price;
' b«st references. Phone Polk 4700.
j COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
$1 per day and car fare. 046 Harrison st..
room 9. 1
A GOOD Japanese girl wants position as school
girl in a small family. MISS TAKA, 132»
Pine st
A NICE younr Japanese girl wants situation
at. general housework In the city. Address
NOBE, 414 Stevenson st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Brunch office, cor. Duncan tt Church ats.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A BUTLER, flrst-class city references, wants
situation In town or country; call or tele-
phone. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.
near Powell: telephone Main 6472;' office
hours 8:30 a. m. to 6:30 p. m.
! ¦ ; '-¦ -I • '
! YOUNO man. 23 years old. going West, de-
sires to connect with some- Western concern
who want the services of a bright, active
young business man at present traveling as-
sistant to purchasing agent large ¦ Eastern
steel company.
J. O. ENTREKIN,
8139 Euclid ave..
Philadelphia. Pa.
CLUB STEWARD. -
An Englishman, age 36. of all around ex-
perience, desires situation as club steward
or any position" of trust; first-class New York
and San Francisco references. Address
"Steward." box 3404. Call office.
A MAN thoroughly conversant with ladies'
muslin underwear in all its branches, aleo I
embroidery and laces, is open for negotia-
tion for the position as buyer with any flrst-
class house in the city. Box 3S90, Call office.
TWO young men want steady work on fruit
ranch in country; one with experience In
fruit tree nursery; prefer to work together.
Address JOHN GERRITSEN, Brooklyn j
Hotel, Bush st, San Francisco.
DRAUGHTSMAN, mechanical, graduate, seven j
years' experience, wants position; also em-
ployment during leisure hours making nice >
drawings at reasonable rates. Box 37S7,
Call office. .
STEADY, reliable, married man desires a situ-
ation as delivery wagon driver or any other |
steady position; can furnish cash security If I
required. Address G. L. E., 174 Fourth st, j
room 30. \ i .
TWO young. men want positions on country
i poultry ranch; one with experience In fancy ;
1 poultry; both steady and reliable. Address
! HENRY DEKLARK. Brooklyn Hoyel, S. F. :
¦ WATCHMAKER. Swiss, flrst-class. expert In '
repeater and chronograph, own tools, wants
position in town or country; wages no ob- |
Jedt. Apply V. P.. box- 3489. Call office.
• BARTENDER, German.' thoroughly expe-
rienced in every respect desires position:
country or city; not afraid of work; best
references. Box 3465. Call offlc*.
A MAN would like to work on private place
to take care of horses, cows, lawn and poul-
' try; good driver; wages $30 to $35 and found.
..Box 1162. Call office, Oakland. - . ¦ y
; YOUNG ~ man seeks a situation on a hors»
I ranch; one who ha.« some experience and
who Is willing to- work and willing to learn.
W. QUINLAN. Tocoloma. Cal.
A YOUNO man. 19 years old, would like po-
sition with private family; thoroughly un-
derstands care of garden and horses. Box
1171. Call office. Oakland.
HOW could, an old German gentleman with
some ability in soliciting and advertising
earn a trip to the St Louts Exposition? Box
8841. Call office.
I BRIGHT boy of 18 years, who has some ex-
perience with cutting knife, -wishes to work
in shirt factory: can furnish best of refer-
ences. Box 3795, Call.
MAN and wife (English) ; man first-dass coach-
man. eto.: wife good cook or housework; city
or country; personal reference. . Box 3870,
Call office. .
WATCHMAN or position of trust by a mili-
tary and temperance man; former Deputy
Sheriff and Justice of Peace; references. Box
3S5D. Call. '
YOUNG job printer. 5 years' experience. 6
months in this country, wishes position;
wages $8 a week. Box 3490, Call of .Ice.
BOOKKEEPER, flrst-class, would like three
or four hours' work a day; best of city ref-
erences as to ability, etc. Box 3S50. Call.
FIRST-CLASS all around bookbinder of 7
years' experience wishes steady position. Ad-
dress box 3478. Call of flee. ¦ . '.
BOY 15 years old, would like position as of-
fice boy; knows bookkeeping. C. W., 236A
Seventh st. .__ ¦
YOUNG man wants a position of trust in re-
turn for his fare to Chicago. Box 3403,
Call office. ¦ ¦ '
ELDERLY carpenter wants work, finishing or
rough; city or country; reasonable wages.
Box 34C3., Call office. .
YOUNG man. married, would like general office
work; expert typewriter; splendid correspon-
¦ dent Box 3S46. Call. -j
1 GARDENER wants situation; single, middle
aged, ' steady and obliging; references.
Gardener. 322. Third St., room 33.
SALESMAN — Al man wants specialty or any
i good proposition on commission. . Box 3853,
Call office. .- '
BOOKKEEPER, flrst-class In every respect,
under bonds,- open for engagement June 1;
nothing under $90 considered. Box 3763, Call.
ABLE, experienced, competent business man
wants situation as casMer, treasurer or man-
ager; satisfactory bond. Box 3773, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, flrst-class and thoroughly re-
sponsible, under $2000 bond, open- for en-
gagement June 1. Box 3758, Call offlcer
•GERMAN, experienced bartender, also good all
around man, wishes a position; give best of
references. Box 3SS7, Call office.
SALESMAN, age 28. with good references as
to ability and character, desires opportunity;
traveling preferred. Box 3754. Call office.
EXPERIENCED operator on Burroughs' add-
ing- machines desires evening work. Address
box 3933. Call office. ¦ ...
BOOKKEEPER desires situation as assistant
bookkeeper; can furnish best of references.
• Box 38S3, Call office. I
BOY (age. 11*) wishes a situation in a whole-
sale house; willing to work. Address box
3802. Call office. ' , .
A RELIABLE, thoroughly* experienced solic-
itor desires position with commission or gro-
; eery house; bonds given. Box 3781, Call.
AN experienced circular distributer, honest and
reliable, will distribute advertieing matter
for $1 per M. Address box 8782. Call office.
, A FIRST-CLASS, all-around machinist and
engineer wants steady position. Address C.
. B., box 3783. Call. office. ...
A GOOD pantryman or vegetableman wishes
. situation' in summer, resort Phone' Lean,
J Main 1304. '-- ' ¦• » ¦-¦¦».-•-
BOOKKEEPER, first-class In every respect,
under ¦ bonds, open • for engagement June • 1 ;
nothing under $00 considered. Box 3783, Call.
WANTED — Position as clerk in wholesale
house ; hardware ;; preferred ; not afraid of
; hard work. Address box 3904, Call office.
YOUNG married . roan, sober and reliable
would like position; outside work preferred;
$<tO per month. Box 3861.- Call office..
' BOOKKEEPER wanta set" of • books ' to post
(day or night); good references,' Box 3902.
; Call offlC*. / '„ V . ' ' . fjQ ; ;
YOUNG. couple wish positions on ranch, hay-
• ¦ press or, camp: man handy, .all-around man;
wife good. cook. Box -3889, Call office, -r...
TRAINED male nurse" open " for engagements.
:.J.\ W HOLE, phone - Bush ; 377. /
CARPENTER wants work.' Apply 223 *Shot-
well.st.
Box 3422. Call
C%li Fif-YTS WASTED.
THREE unfurnished rooms of sroall flat; rent
Rot to exceed $15. Box :;T*'. Call ofOc*.
FI.VA1VCIAL.
BONDS In the Colonial Security Company for
sale cheap. LEV/IN'S GROCERY. Fifth,
and Castro sts.. Oakland..
PUKMTlHt: K<»n- SALE.
BUREAUS. $4 50; matting. lOo: Iron beds, $3;
H. W. beds, $1; wov*n wire mattresses frora
¦ $1 SO up. Anderson 'Auction House. 13 Turk.
FURNITURE for- saler; $75 worth for $7;50
down and $1 50 per week. UK ILL I ANT'S.
¦ 340 Post St.. near Powell. .-.
MAHOGANY-and-rosewood. wardrobes, bureau.
--tall Eeatde*k,etc..tor sale cheap.1942 Fillmorw
i . ¦
NICE oak bedroom set for sale at 304 SevenU*
atreet - - » -- •• ¦• •' •
ftlLMTlHH WAXTKU. ~~*
Ealeszoom* 1133 Market st. Tel. Jess!* 781.
Dcn't sell your furniture,. carpets, office fur-
nlture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHA9. LEVY & CO. pay hlghtst pried 'ft* fuf-
nlture.carpeta. etc. 7»O Mission; tel. Bush 413.
A. L. STORR3 pays highest cash price* furnl-
ture. carpet*, etc. ; tel.-Larkln 3t£tl. g34 E1U».
HEL1* "WANTED— KEMALE.
WANTED— Laundress. ' some "• 'cbamberwork,
family, $30; laundress • for hotel. $25; g*n-
» eral housework, 3 In family, 'country. $33;
cook, small country resort, $35; cook, no
-wash, $35; cook.' plain wash. $30; German
girl for housework, Santa Clara County,
no wash. 3 In family. *.;.">; 2 waitresses 'and
chambermaids, resort, $25; chambermaid and
laundress, summer - resort >U; V second
girls, $25; 4 nurses, $25; German or Scandi-
navian girl for housework, ' no wash, Berke-
ley, $35; US girls for housework la city and
country at ' good' wares. See J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st ¦
A COOK for small American family. $33: a
laundress and chambermaid. . American fami-
ly. $30; a German nursery governess. 2 grown
.children. $00; a cook for, a hotel in country,
$C3; a waitress for worklngmen's boarding-
house. &!0; a helper for. .an Institution • city,
$30 and board (homo nlght9); 40 good house-
¦ work girls for city and country and summer
resorts $U3. $30 and $25. MISS PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter .rt,. near Powell; of lice hours.. g:3O
a. m. tt> 5:30 p. m.
EXPERIENCED operators on fln« white work
to work in store. DAVIS. SCHONWASSER
& CO., Post. st. and Grant aVe. •
A— WANTED — Girls"* to learn halrcressing.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 t>er week up; leading school la
West. 2^3 Geary st.. room 13. ' •' ' *
A — Girls to learn milJlnery now for spring sea-
Kin : both seasons taught from start to flnlsta
in 1 month for $15; positions aa trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wlc up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresstnff
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1234 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 9-1; positions secured
at highest wases;. day and eve. class; call.
LADY having' business ability and aggrsssrve-
ness, Oakland acquaintance and Influence,
for desirable and profitable connection with '
large financial corporation; all or part time;
state qualifications. Address box 11 ( >\ Call
office, Oakland. - ¦ ' • *¦>'«..
REFINED woman for housekeeper, not ov»r 80;
to superintend Institution for- children. b«
.willing to go to country home July until
October: salary $25 month: references; glv» *
phone. Box S026, Call of flee. , ' .
WANTED — Refined, reliable woman over SO
as nerse for child 9 months oM; • must b«
willing to leave city: references required.
Apply between 11 and 1 at 1400 Van Nesa
avenue. . -
WANTED — Competent women aa alteration
' hands on' women's coats, suits and skirts;
"apply before 9 -a. m. to superintendent R.
D. DAVI3 & CO.. C.rant ave. and Geary st.
LADIES to do piecework -home; we 'furnish
materials and' ray $7 to $1- weekly. Send
vtaroced envelope to Rayal Co.. 34.' East
Monroe St., Chicago. "
AT Oreen.i8.um. Weil & Michaels', Ml. Mls-
sion st, operator on two-needle machine for
putting in fly3; also a few experienced overall
hands.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at 825 Golden
Gate ave. room 7. for free information as
to positions, salaries. . aga limits, etc; day
or eveninss. .- - • .. . ¦
BRIGHT, athletic yoons "girl for companion
-and secretary: charitable work; salary $40 a>
- month; give- phone. Box 3927, Call office.
YOUNG woman, general housework, short dis-
tance In country: 2 in family; $J0. Call
Monday. 1210 Jackson st. 11 to 12.
A CUTTER and alteration hand, on -bathing
suits', underwear and Jackets. ' Apply J. J.
PFIgTER KXITTI.NQ CO.. 412. Polk st.
WANTED — Alteration hands on Jackets and
skirts; steady place. Call Monday, Colum-
bia Suit House, 1022 Market st' - *
WANTED — First-class cloak and suit « sales-
lady.' Call Monday. Columbia .'Cloak and
Suit . House. 1022 st. . ¦>
AN experienced saleswoman' tn muslin under-
wear; cne who can take charge,. JOE)
ROSENBERG 81 C Market' st. . •
•
WANTED — German girl to do light house-
work : ' $15. Call branch ofSce. Church ¦ and
Duncan sts. \ * -*' •¦ •"--.•
GIRL — General housework. pl3ln cooking; small
family; $15 to $20 per month. 1S13 Post st;
j Phone Piae 3267.
EXPERIENCED woman to take chars* of
delicatessen; can lire on premises. Box CSC I.
Call office.
LADIES — Pleasant local work home; $20 paid
weekly; this is no deception. Manager, 800
Como block, Chicago. - »
WANTED — Lady ajrents mature "years': liberal
offer. Euclid Medical Co./ 114 Euclid ave.,
Cleveland. Ohio. ¦ . "• •
COOK. ?3O and ¦' f ound : also • trar srrrt. | «t««p
hc.m<\ $20.. Call 230 Douglass st. California
.'General Hospital. ¦ ¦ . . ' ' ¦
A GIRL to assist in housework; small fftn&y.
Call -3717 Jackson st: taka Eddy-st. car, go
to Maple: carfare paid.
GIRL ; for • general housework. ' 008 SUtter st.
! A— OPERATORS on ladies' waists.- 656 M2s-
" sion st.. third floor. '• > . .V i
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. 888
Mission st. 'third floor. . . %
GIRL for second work. Apply 2fl23 Califor-
nia at • !.•'...-' '¦**.'. ' "'
SEAMSTRESS -wanted. . J. W.,- box 3756. Call
office. . .'¦•"¦ •'«* ' ¦'
GITIL to assist in light housework, and car*
of baby. 2857 Sixteenth st
WANTED — Girl for light housework. Apply
immediately. 30 San Carlos ave.
WANTED — Competent Infant's nurse; refer-
encesi 1C52 Jackson st, Oakland.
LADY solicitors: good commission. Room 72,
Chronicle building.' 10 a. ' ro.' - .
YOUNG drl to assist with housework. at 1Q9
Fell st . . - A...- i-
WOMAN of fair education by local wholesale)
house. Box SSSO. Call office. . ¦ ¦--. ¦¦''.}
WANTED— First-class • finisher ' on ' pants ;
steady work. . 104 . Kearny, st. top Caor. -t
NEAT yoong womaif "assist 2-year-o!d" child;
sleep home; $15. 621 tyFarrell st- .;- -:
WAITRESS wanted/Capital Restaurant* 208
McAllister st.. above Hyde.' ; •¦'-.• >. r
WANTED — First-clasa^tallorexs.on . trousers.
Call ready for work. 1318 -Van Ness-ave. t
WANTED — Operators on ladies' waist* and un-
Merwtar.' MARK3 BBTCS.. 'J220 MArKet if V
WANTED- Miaaie-aged woman f or- ge«:- house-
work: 4 adults.- 2 children in family r wash-
'¦ing *ent- out -with "exception of baby clothes;
$2U month. M. C. AMENT. Grants- Pass, Or.
WANTED— Pants finishers. Apply at ence, S.
. N.-WOOD & CPU 49 Oeary »^o . ¦¦:
WANTED— Body lroner. S «»• Frencn Lsun-
. dry Co... 3372 Mission art..*' ... '- ¦» »
WANTED — 4 good finishers; coats: high wages;
come ready to work. • 220 Stevenson st,; r. 5.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Crii ¦ branch witlce. cor: Poncan * Chnrea sts.
A BRANCH offlce of Tl»e Call tor tb« reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has- wcjs
rpened at 1008 Market st. osnosito Fifth.
•¦ Op*& until 1 1 T; mV ¦> ..._l^__^_i_^__
HELP '• WAXTED^MALB.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT. AGENCY." '
i, ~- - «3S Commercial ; st -638.
Phona. Main »9U- r- Near Kearnr at
-6 laborers: .larss-. mine. > South. -you'll do, Al
'¦-jo'b-$tiO' 10- farmhands. $2tt tn $40 fd.
FREB-JAEB-j-NEAR. CITY— 8 hours. •
1*3 Uborers :- TO-DAY' '¦$2day.
•» 4- horse- teamsters,, near eity.-$2 23- day.
NEVADA — We ship there .'to-morrow' night.
Porter and -drive hu»»-«»untFy bore*. -$2fr fd.
OFFICE OPEN JO-DAY 1O A. M. t» 12-M.
for Additional* Classified Advertise-
ments Sec Pag« Forty-Sts. 7
PIANIST and exp«>rlencvd teacher: harmony.
W. H. L1PSCOMBE. 320 Van Ness ave.; tel.
Jessie 2ti. ¦
BANJO, guitar, mandolin, thoroughly taught;
2 hours. 50c. 317 Gough st, near Hayes.
PIANO lessons thoroughly taught; 25 cents per
hour. Box 3S94, Call.
PRIVATE lessons In telegraphy at 246 Scott
et.. nenr K.iiKht.
PIANO lewons. 25c half hour. MRfl. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
oKKICEl :
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post^stT tel. Bush 13*^
Japanese - Chinese employment office; ¦ fur-
nlshos best help: contracts for farm help; etc
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japauese-
Chinfse help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 6752.
GKAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
office. 415 "Stockton st Tel. Grant 168.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
_ Loon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell :t«l. East 420.
' RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; nil kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY ft, CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPliOVMEXT WASTED— FEWALE._
A NUMBER of Scandinavian, German and
eApable young Irish cooks, second glrle.
waitresses and feVeral good housework girls,
also a capable infant's nurse want situations;
can be seen Monday at MISS PLUNKETT'S,
425 Sutter st.. near Powell; tel. Main 6472;
office hours, i>:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
TRUSTWORTHY, refined. Eastern woman
¦wishes position to assist with light house-
work, children, sewing or a* working house-
keeper; can take full charge; references. Ad-
dress one week, box 75, 1008 Market st.
WANTED— By trained nurse, very capable, ex-
perienced, position with lady or children go-
ing to St. Louis Fair; good traveler: terms
very moderate: best references. Address
P O. box 24»«, city. )
YOUNG lady stenographer wants home In re-
fined family; willing to teach shorthand or as-
sist with domestic work evenings and Sun-
days In exchange; city references. Box 3809,
Call office.
STRONG, willing American woman wants
laundry work; flannels a specialty; $1 25 and
carfare; sweeping and cleaning also done.
64SA Jessie st. bet. 7th and 8th. downstairs.
WANTED— By a good honest woman, with
. one crown son, house to care for between
Flllmore st and Central ave. for use of 2
rooms in absence of owner. Box 3908, Call.
TWO !adies/of refinement (mother and daugh-
ter) wlyh positions as housekeeper and as-
cistant: country preferred: references. Ad-
dre*f MRS. W. L-. 1098 Valencia st
YOUNG lady would like to etay with Invalid
lady or children evenings and Sundays in
return for room and board. Address box
1170. Call office, Oakland. |
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
more 1 engagements by the day; good cutter,
fitter and designer; terms moderate. Box
3031. Call office. -
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
finements or Invalids; cheerful, painstaking;
references; moderate terms. MRS. KING,
917 Geary st.
MOTHER and son wish place as cook and
helper In mining - camp or cook for men.
Call or address MRS. SANFORD. 833A
Howard st
STENOGRAPHER— General experience; posi-
tively expert: valuable office assistant. Cal?
or address Stenographer, room 21. tenth floor
Mills bldg.
A WOMAN wishes a position as nurse for
child or Invalid lady; good dty references.
Addrt-ss 1 Helen st, off California, near
Leavenworth.
A A— BOOKKEEPER, cashier: young lady ex-
pert rapid accountant; all modern methods;
highest references or bond. Box 3793, Call.
WOMAN recently from the East desire* posi-
tion as housekeeper In first-class apartment
or looming house; beat ref. Bex 3776, Call.
COOK, German, Is flrst-class in American,
French and German cooking; cooking only;
refs. ; call Monday. 717 Turk st.
EXPERIENCED German nurse for Infant or
Invalid; has best of references. Call at 435
Golden Gate ave.
SWEDISH girl wishes position in small fam-
ily; plain cooking; no objection to small .
wash; wages $23. Box 3S4J). Call. i
BT a capable business woman, a representative
position with responsible house. Address
box 3347, Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes work where sh»
can take girl 4 years, city or country; $10 to
$12. Box 3S81. Call office. ;
WOMAN wants a situation to nurse aa In-
valid or care for children. Address 24 Free-
Ion at.
YOUNG lady stenographer and typewriter
s«eks 'position In established firm; good refer-
ences. Box 3S75, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS concert planlste wishes position
to play at house entertainments, dances. Box
3874. Call office.
; A GOOD Laundress would like washing and
ironing or cleaning to do by the day. Call at
fW58 Mission eU
A RELIABLE woman wants washing or
housedeaning by the day. Call or address
MRS. L. LEECH. 148 Sixth st. -
' YOUNG lady wishes to coach children or
adults In primary or grammar studies. Ad-
drets MISS A. I., 1032 Sanchez st ,
A WOMAN wants work by the day, washing
and housedeaning; willing to work. Call
F. WAITS. 43 Minna st.
EXPERT stenographer (Spanish and English)
wants better position; Spanish legal docu-
nimtF. etc. Box 3802, Call office.
ELDERLY woman wishes situation: house-
keeper or cook for ranch or camping party;
references. Box 3897. Call office.
LADIES' nurse, when disengaged will' assist
lady in house; rood housekeeper; terms rea-
sonable; good references. Box 3896, -'CalL
i AMERICAN woman wants position: working
housekeeper, city or country. 324 Mason
St.. phone Black 2398.
A GERMAN Woman with a child, good cook,
wants Dosltion; country. 324 Mason St.,
phone Black 2306.
MARRIED woman wants housework by day;
sleep home. Address B. F., 890H Peralta st,
Oakl&nd. Cal. ? -
; WORKING housekeeper wishes position In
hotel, city or country; references. Box 3878,
! Call office.
WANTED— By Italian girl, situation In pri-
vate family. Address box 2178, Call branch,
2200 Flllmore st . .
YOUNG plrl (16 years) would like to assist in
etorc: wages $4 50 to start Box 5, Call
branch. 800 Hayes st
DRESSMAKER from the East wants work by
the day; misses' clothes a specialty; work
reasonable, at home. . 4O5V4 Gough st
EXPERIENCED "Swedish second girl would
like Donltlon in or near Menlo Park. Ad-
dress 725 Gough'st ' .'
AN old lady -would like a place as a house-
keeper. Call or address 19H Tehama at.
LADY would like a place to wash by the day.
Call at 9 Tehama st.
WOMAN, good cook, wants place In the city.
.Apply 120 Fourth st. <
WANTED — Position for general housework.
Box 3482. Call office, ,
A WOMAN wants work by the day. 236 A Te-
hama st
WOMAN wants work by the day. 646 Harri-
son st. - • ¦ / .-¦¦•¦.¦¦
COLORED girl would like a place to do light
housework. ; Call at 1020 Paclflc st.
A YOUNG woman wants work by day; -quick
worker; good laundress. Box 3842. Call.
GOOD dressmaker wishes - work] $2 60 per
day; work guaranteed. Add. box 3834, CalL
A GOOD nursegirl wishes situation in family.
Box 3835. Call. -
WANTED — To do housework- by the day, $1
a day. 1655 Twelfth ave., Sunset .
A COLORED lady would like a position as
.. cook and light housework. Box 3846. Call.
NURSEGIRL, young, refined; has experience;
sleep home. Box 3778, Call. ' .
A LAUNDRESS wishes work by the day. Ap-
ply 450 Ivy ave.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements by day;
. reasonable. Address box 3855, Call. ,
'YOUNG lady wishes position as second girl.
Address box 3854. CalL . :.
WOMAN wants work; Is good cook; will do
large or small cooking; call 246 3d st J. K.
A YOUNG girl wishes light housework to do;
sleep home. Call or address 1122 De Haro st.
TOUNG woman would like work by day.
Phone number Scott 1324. /
EXPERIENCED dressmaker by. the day: pri-
vate ¦ family. ' 650 Stevenson . st. near < 7th.". , ; ,
A LADY wishes fine laundering to do at home.
Tel. Fell 1041.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED — Position by hustling young man to
work afternoons from 4 to 7 p. m. ; any kind
of work at moderate wages. Box 38S4. Call.
YOUNG man. well acquainted In city, owns
horse and light wagon, wishes position to da-
liver. Box 3877. Call.
ENGINEER and fireman wants situation; city
or country: 20 years' experience. W. H.
BARKER. 816 Sanaome at" ¦
AN intelligent man desires light employment
iii and about private place; good home; light
wages. Box 3786, Call. £,
I '
PANTRYMAN, steady man. desires situation
as pantryman, porter or watchman; good ref-
erences. . Box 3802, i Call.
SOBER, reliable man, boxmaker, handy with
tools, wants a. position In wholesale house;
will do any kind of work. 615 Larkin st.
WANTED— By a.ehalnman. work In any ca-
- paclty with surveyor; is a hustler;' moderate
salary; can cook and pack. Box 3805. Call.
WANTED — Position . by first-class ¦ barber ¦ In
wholesale district Address' box 79. 1003
Market st. . -
MAN and wife to work in small mine; wife
wait: man work outside. Apply 733 Fol-
som St. .... - . - ' . ;
AN experienced porter wishes position In first-
class .barber shop or building. Call or write
DENNIS. 1022 Jackson st.,
A FIRST-CLASS all-around blacksmith and
wood worker wishes a situation In the city
or country; state wages. Box 8906, Call.
WOOD burner, having experlenoe in planing
mill work, is very handy with bandsaw and
sticker; wishes situation. Box 8898. Call.
AN experienced stock boy wants a position.
Box 3409. Call office. - -'.
BOT wants -position In office. Box 8410, Call
office. - - - - -.- ¦ ¦• .. . • ¦
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wants position in
summer resort; references. .Box 3477. Call.
BOY wants position in office. Box 3422. Call
office. .
PORTER wishes situation, city op country.
Box 3426. Call office.
GOOD coatmaker would like & Job; best ref-
erences. Box 3430. Call office.
EXPERT Ftenographer wtshea S position in
wholesale house-. Box 3490. Call office. _• -
EXPERIENCED dry: goods salesman wishes
position. Box 3497, Call office.
BARTENDER wants position In German t*'
loon. Address Commercial Hotel, room 106.
WANTED— Position In hat store for Saturday
evening*.- Address box 3417. CalL, •
BARKEEPER wants position in summer re-
sort; references. Box 3491, Call office.
YOUNG man. 20, wants a position In Alaska;
any kind of work. Box 8436, Call.
A BOT wants a position as office- boy. Box
3467." Call office.
BOY wishes position In a wholesale house as
an errand boy. Address 820 Sixth st
WANTED — Position as night watchman. Box
3493. Call office. f
PQSITION In insurance office by- young man
with best references. Box 3418, Call office.
A BOY wants a position as errand boy. Box
3495. Call office.
WANTED- Work at anything. GEORGE
FORBES. 413 Kearny st.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Box 8332,
Call office.
POSITION as floorwalker In department store.'
Box 3997. Call office.
SITUATION as first cook. Box 3998. Call of-
flce.
WANTED— A Job as bellboy. Address box
3993, Call office. >
WANTED — Position as elevator boy; expe-
rienced. J. N. M., 1310 Pierce st.. city.-
SITUATION as janitor; first-class city ref-
erences. Address W. T.. box 3471. Call.
TOUNG man. student. 20 years of age. desires
employment nights. Box 3753. Call office.
POSITION as bookkeeper; best dty references.
- Box 3415. Call office.
A SCHOOLBOY wants a Saturday Job. Box
3776. Call. ...
A BOY wants a position as errand boy. Box
3774. Call. •
WANTED— Position as errand boy. - Box
3772, Call.
COMPETENT carpenter wants work In the
country. -Address box S7C2. Call. -
A YOUNG man wants situation in a wholesale
house; excellent city refs. Box 3844. Call.
i BARBER will go to summer resort PETER
k BAKER. 547 Howard st.
POSITION as stationary engineer In city. Ad-
dress JOHN WELSH. 647 Howard st
POSITION as salesman to call on retail gro-
cery trade. Box 3850, Call.
WANTED— Work as porter. E. G. LINTON,
15 Third st
BARBER— Job In wholesale district Tel. Page
4191.
SITUATION as cook; reference given. Address
i J. <B.. 605 Clay st
WANTED — Position as cash boy during vaca-
tion.' Address bos 3863, Call office.
i/ELEVATOR boy wants a position. Address
! box 3866, Call office.
YOUNG, man wants position; will do any kind
of work. Box 3702, Call office. .
YOUNO man wishes position in shoe store.
Box 3701, Call office.
WELL-EDUCATED young man wants em-
ployment evenings. ' Box 3867, Call office. .
BOY of 16 would like' position In grocery. Box
3788, Call office. V .
WANTED— Position as choreman.- Box 3873,
Call office
PIPEFITTER and electrician; experienced in
marine work. Box 3888, Call office. -
YOUNG man wants ' position In- Alaska; any
kind of work. Box 3882, Call office.
GOOD boy wants position. B. CROWE, 143
Clara st. ¦
WANTED — Position as office clerk. Box 3903,
Call office.- . ¦
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan small
buildings, wants work. Box 3707. Call.
SHEET metal worker wants steady Job. 209
. Laneton st -
A TOUNG man wants work as rough carpenter
or helper; city or country. Box 3803, CalL
WANT work as porter. T. G. LINTON, 15
Third sty
SITUATION wanted as house-cleaner. 3 A. M.,
615 Larkln st. -
R1TLIABLB young man wants work; private
place, city. Box 3803, Call.
STRONG boy wants work of any kind. -1519
Mission st
CRACKER baker wants position take care of
shop. 1319 Montgomery st. ¦ ¦
MAN wants .work of any kind. 1432 Mission.
TOUNG man wants work of any kind. 100
Eleventh st. ¦ ¦ '
MAN wants work by the day. 20 Madison
avenue. * • . ¦ - '- ¦ ' ' ..
A HOSTLER ¦ wishes a job In private stable.
2179 Call branch, 2200 Flllmore.
WANTED — By sober man with city references,
- ¦ employment . In the city, either as a watch-
man night clerk or fireman, etc.; would ac-
cept'day job. ROBERT H. MILROY JR.,
I Watchman Mill, Cleone. Mendocino Co.. Cal.
AMERICAN, 26 years g old. some experience
with machinery. 6 years' experience In bust-
nets, desires a position not too confining at
reasonable salary. Box !M84, Call. . •
MECHANICAL draftsman. Rood designer r and
detaller, "13 years' experience mining, sta-.;
tlonary marine work, wants position or work
* at home. Box 3494. Call."
MAN and wife; .bartender, chambermaid, or
waiting for ' both ; competent ; wa nt ' place la
resort or mountain.'. Box 302S. Calk
NURSE, graduate training school, requires sit-
uation; six years' experience mental cases;
• first-class references.' P.' R.. 1235 Market st
COACHMAN — Position 'wanted by "competent,
reliable young Englishman; understands gar-
. ? denlng: can milk. Address box 3*J9«t. Call.
WANTED— A place to .drive for a "doctor by a
young man: -can giv» ' references. Address
J.W., 126% Fern ave. . V :
SITUATION as driver by steady/reliable man.
well acquainted with city. . Box 3432. Call.
BOY. 'IS years", wishes" "position In* grocery;
references ' furnished. Box 3483,- Call. .
HANDY ' all-round ". man. German. ; wishes a
• position as Janitor; ¦ strictly sober- and re-
, liable ; , experienced. Box 8301, ¦; Call. ¦-.;
WANTED-AA"' position : by - a < landscape '-' gar-
dener* and florist;. used to be head ¦ gardener
-, of , the flower . paradise of. Paul da'Longpre.
king of the flowers; best of references. Box
3368. Call office.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 15, ; 1901
46
I " FLP WANTED— MALE— Contlnned.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. Employment Office.
1 428 Busto st 642 Clay et
Young man. -22 to 25 years of age. who un-
deratands office work. must, write a good
hand and be quick at figures; apply with
' -j written application on Monday. $50 to start
; *
Correspondent for wholesale houee, who has
had vast exoerience with brokers and
salesmen ;*$150 and Increase to right man;
apply with writttn application, stating full
particulars', Monday.
2d cook, country hotel, free fare $68
¦ All around hotel cook, plain hotel, near
! city ...- $50
Night cook, understands baking, country
hotel $50
Pantry mwi, $23; lunch man, $45; city.
Laundry nsan tnd wife, resort, party here$50
Walters, bell, elevator boys, porters.. $15, $30
Boss locger. $60 and found: header" men.
*2 75: mucktrs. $2; teamster, who can
drive 32 mules. $75 found; teamster. $35
i found; farmere, milkers, wood choppers,
! slw>ep herders 1 . ..
¦ Blacksmith's helper, who can run a lathe,
! $9 wk. round; R. R. laboring men, north,
I *2 day. •• - ¦
Government Work. State of Nevada-
Teamstere. laborer*, rockmea *2, $2 50
Ship • daily. " '...... Bess here.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO. .. Employment Office.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
1 14 Third Kt., near Call bldg.: phone Bush 403.
I THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED,
s V. S. -GOVERNMENT WORK.
{ 25 tearovters, $67 50 a month.
IS laborers. $60 a month.
. 10 drillers, rockmrn. hammermen, $75. • .
2 men to cut pine wood, 4 feet. $1 25 a cord.
I SAWMILL AND WOODS CREW.
} Screw turner. $55 a month and board.
Head trimmer. $50 and board.
{ Tail edgerman. $40 and board.
: Shingle Jointer. J-J5 and board. . '•
j 10 yardmen, ?r^5 to $40 and board,
j ¦ Man on bull wheel, $40 and board.
j 2 men en landing, $40 and board.
WOODS CREW. •
2 crorazutters. $45 and board.
2 barkers, $45 and board. >
2 swampers. . $60 a month. .
'' 2 wheel teamsters. $65 a month.
Milker, ranch. $3O and board.
Chonman, ranch. $25 and board.
j 10 laborers. $1 75 to $2 day.
6 ranch hanus, Sonoma County, ?2G a month
> - and board. , • , ¦ - . '
• A treater of California lubricating oils; must
i have experience; $100 a month up.
Porter, rooming-bouse city, $40 and- room.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st.
WANTED — Hustlers to tack . signs, distribute
circulars, samples, etc.; no canvassing; good
pay. ' Sun Advertising Bureau. Chicago. .
WANTED — A flrst-class non-union copper-
smith and pipefitter. Apply room' 25, ' 239
Powell et, 1 to 2 p. m., Monday.
I WANTED — Young man for shipping clerk in
• wholesale house; state age. wages expected,
1 etc. Address box S651, Call.
J MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
j trade, free of charge. Western College of
> Barbers. 047 Commercial st.
i CIRCULAR and sample, distributors every-
I where; no canvassing. Co-Op. Adv. Co., New
j York.
I CARPENTER wanted. Girls' Directory Cen-
\ tral ave. and Waller st.
1 PRINTER, reliable, with some financial back-
j Ir.g: good proposition. Box 3760. Call.
PAINTER wanted; small job; building lot
I given in payment. Box 3777. Call.
I HORSESHOER driver at 1206 Webster st.
'. Apply on Monday morning.
! WANTED — A fine pantsmaker. WM. T. VAL-
: ENTINE. 81-53 McAllister st.
I : .' . „.
J WANTED— A strong boy. 110 Clay st.
i MAN to eell (roods: *20O a morth easy; $100
j cash bood. Box 3785, Call office.
I PARTY who took photos of ice boxe-s and beer
fau?»ts. call 30 Geary St.. room 17.
j WAGON woodworker at 1206 Webster st. Call
Monday morning.
¦ YOUNG man wants room mate. Inquire 333
McAllister st.
; FinST-class sign painter. Apply 615 Mission
)______ >
' DETECTIVES everywhere: good salary: r.o ex-
perience. Intl. Detective Agcy., Milwaukee, WIe.
MAN to repair shoes for one week. Call Mon-
¦ • day morning. 1172 Harrison St., city.
I DISHWASHER wanted. Park IloteU 26
1 Turk ft.
I FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted to work ln-
; Fide. LINDNER BROS.. 208 Sutter et.
'< CARPENTERS wanted at 61 Fair Oak st.^
« near Twenty-second, Monday morning.
! A CORPORATION wants a secretary who can
give $500 security. Box 3010. Call.
; WANTED — Good carriage blacksmith's helper.
l."70 Turk.
WANTED — Waiter <unlon). 108 Hayes st
I WANTED— An errand boy. 408 Sacramento st.
', SALESMAN-— Salary and jcommlselon; refer-
j eneej, required. Box 3709. Call office.
; FIRST-CLASS operator on custom coats. F.
ATTINGER. 4S Ellis ft.
! UNCLE SAM wants help; 14.0C0 appointments
I IB03; free exam, caper & catalogue giving
1 positions _n<J saUries.Dept.C.WesternCorresp.
University. t>25 Golden Gate ave.. San Fran.
; $1 EVERY hour you work, placing Allen's
Kushion Komfort Shoes; outsell everything;
i NO RISK. Call or write. Kushlon Komfort
Agency. 1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
] BAUBER shop acroEf the bay; the only shop
j in populated vicinity; cheap rent; splendid
j opportunity for young couple; price $100. »23
j Market Bt ...
. . r _ —
• A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
j talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
j 477 and 478. Parrott building.
i TO tailors' cutters — First-class man of good
; uppearance; steady position to right party.
I Appiy S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market ot.
' MESSENGER boy. about 14. for office. . Apply
i room 4. 3?0 California st. . • • ¦ .
, TOR sale cheap— 2-chalr barber shop; owner
j going north reason. . 021 Harrison st. !
I WANTED — Ca*h boys and stock boys. Apply
at HALE Sitoa' Inc.. between 0 and 11 a.m.
1 BARBER shop for sale; clrars ?25 per week;
' sicknes« caune of nale. 3147 Twenty-fourth st.
FlRST-CLARS _-c!i_lr harber shop for sale,
doing good buF.; owner going East. 2584 Mkt.
allT '
! Men to learn the HAKBER TRADE; only
j - elclit weeks required; positions secured; con-
slant practice- and expert Instruction; special
: offer and c.ntalofue mailed free.
; MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE." C35 Clay tL
! CUSTOM-HOUSE examinations for -appoint-
ment as Day Inspector. Night Inspector.
Clerk, Messenger. Assistant We-lgher Sam-
j i.ler and Watchman, will be held in fc.*n
1 Vrdnt-itfca In July: applications must be filed
J boon. Circular 157. giving particulars as to
i positions, salaries, Eample questions, etc..
j sent free by National Correspondence In*tl-
( tote. Pacific Coast Office. 027 Market st..._.F.
j GOVERNMENT positions— More than . 15.000
: apiwlntments lart year; examinations KO-jn;
U.ousandn appointed were prepared by the
I National Correspondence Institute. Waahlng-
! ton,' D. C. Write for circular J 1, giving
list of positions, salaries, examinations, sam.
I pie questions, etc.. to our Pacific Coast off.es
027 Market st., fian Francisco. Col.
. ENGINEER — Refrigerating engineer for 35-ton
j ice making plant. In city near San Francisco;
; state experiecc and give reference. Address
I box 3420. Call office.
j FOUR capable representatives for a growing
business. San Bruno House, 116 Fourth «t.
I WANTED— A steady baker; good place. Ad-
• dr*-ss P. O. bo_ 223." Sebastopol. Cal.
I COMPETENT, reliable watch repairer wanted.
U. P. HOWARD, Eureka. Cal.
• 3-CHAIR barber shop; flrst-class business; a
I coed chalce. 1S94 Foleom et, cor. 15th.
I SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
I the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
LABOR debts collected;, suits. . attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r. 418.
TOUNG man to learn barber, trade;- wages
«bile learning. 741 A Howard st. ,
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to _now
that Ed Roikln. R»no House proprietor, has
added 100 new room* to the Denver House.
217 Third t: 250 rooms; 25c to BOc per night
TR7 our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
j $1 CO pair: foot- form choes at $2 50; w« pay
expreea or mall charges. 11 3d at. Exam. bid.
Pension Any.. E. A. Bull is, r..4O. Phelaa bldg.
Past Com. Geo.. H. Thomas Post ' O. A. R.
BAILORS and young men (green hands) for
rhtps. . HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st .
•WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St. near Mar-
ket — 700 -rooms: -38c nlcht: • reading-rooms;
free -'bus and baggage to and from ferry. -
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisement* and subscriptions has been
cpened at IOCS Market «t. - opposite Fifth.
I Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS FOR HOC8EKEEPKC-<ea.
TiVYLORrsUf^Nlcely fur. rro. : running watery
gas range; $3 73 wk.. including cooking ga%
TAYLOR, 504. comer Geary— Suite of 3 roorn^
housekeeping, outside rooms; v.ell furnished
. and clean; or single rooms.
TAYLOR. 911— Large room, folding bed. ffai
1 rtnge. $12; 1 rtoom. gas range. $7 *o and $6 op.
j TEHAMA. 47S. near Sixth— 3 sunny furnish?,!
rocma. comnlete for housekeeping. $U; no
children. fw'-y"' _._______—_—_
THIRD, "CS — For quiet folks, one- rcom, $6;
2. $10 50; grand double parlors. $16.
i TWELfTH. 145 — Furnished rooms for bouse-
keeplng. "
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3.167— $12; 2 sunny house-
keeping rooms In the Mission warm belt.
TW_J*TT-FlRST.v S-HI— Flat. ?. ro<jms. fur-
!^ nitihed for housekeeping: yard.
TWO large surtny Tooins furnished for hous^-
! keeping, gaa range, laundry, phone; rent $15.
Apply 2133 Mission st.
•TURK. 1625^i— Floor of three sunny rooms.
I ' complete for housekeeping and home-making;
every convenience: adults; call 10 to a.
TURK 237 — Front or back parlors, single- cr
j en suite; newly renovated; for light house-
keeping. ' 0 '
VALENCIA 901 ti — 2 or Z connecting roon i».
nicely furniaUed. suitable for housekeeping.
VAN NESS. 417— Two larse front sunny
rooms; two folding beds; gaa range; $22 50.
VAN NESS ave.. 706— Front basement suite of
3 rooms. *_:; also 2 rear rooms, $11.
VAN NESS. IOCS — Nicely furnished suites for
housekeeping, cheap; gas; running water.
4 LAKGE rooms apartment in private house
In Mission. Box 3872. Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received ac
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church «t».
A BRANCH office of The Call for _»• reception
of advertisement* and subscriptions has beia
opened at iocs Market St.. opposlt* Fifth.
Ot>*n wntll Ho m.
A PART-CENT HOTTSXS.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
1084 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN 8T.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms a—d
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now.
ST.CECILE. 115 Fell. above Van Nesa ave. — T_»
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments. with private baths,
(team heat, electric light, elevator, gu ranges;
$30. $35. $37. $40. $45. $47 SO. »50. $33.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-1-3
rooms: furn. or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1330.
ROOMS TO i.BT run. and Cafara.
HOTEL REX,
242 TURK ST.. SAX FRANCISCO.
PHONE PRIV. EX. 6«J0.
NEW FIItE-PROOF BUILDINO,
158 ROOMS; ELEGANTLY FUR-
NISHED SUNNY SUITS. WITH
PRIVATE BATH: ALSO SINGLB
ROOMS: THOROUGHLY MOD-
ERN AND UP TO DATE: TELE-
PHONES IN ALL ROOMS: ELEC-
TRIC LIGHTS; STEAM HEAT.
ELEVATOR SERVICE DAY AND NIGHT.
SPECIAL RATES TO TOURISTS
AND TRAVELING SALESMEN.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEU
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 ROOMS; .".5 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 50 TO $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1O41.
ASKWORTH HOTEL.
320 Mason St.. bet Geary and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Just completed; entire houss
newly renovated; sun In rooms all day.
j A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st — Rooms
¦ 25c to $1 per night $1 23 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night
I AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st (or No. t
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 2oc. 60c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all night
BUCHANAN. S47— Front sunny alcove and
kitchen; bath and phone; rent reasonable.
BURNETT 1*26 Market (old No. 1364>— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSTI. 806 — Alcove and single room for gen-
tlemen _ best references required; private fam-
ily; no sign.
CAMP. 24. bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth, oft
Guerrero — Furnished rooms to let
CAPP, 520 — 2 large unfurnished rooms; alcove
closet and center: rent $14.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 1254 — 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms In
perfect condition; sink, stationary tubs; rea-
sonable.
EIGHTH. lOVa— Nicely furnished bay-window
front room for gentleman and wife, or two
gentlemen.
EIGHTEENTH. 2405 — Furnished room.
FELL, 62S — Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath, «ra»; board If desired; prlvat* family.
FIRST ave., 706. near Golden Gate Park—
I.arge. Funny room for one or two gentlemen
or couple: reasonable; references.
FT'LTON. 51.1 — « rooms to- rent, furnished or
pertly furnished: very desirable: cheap rent
} GEARY. 50 — A nice, pleasant, furnished room;
j running water; cheap. MRS. DUNLAP.
GEARY. 579 — Front room for gentleman; pri-
vate family; $12.
GEARY. 1418 — Sunn7 rooms: private- family.
GEAP.Y. 1410— Elegant front room for rent.
GOUGH. 211 — Three sunny corner unfurnished
rooms; gas. bath, phone, etc.; adults.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night: $1 SO to $6 wk.: reading-room.
HAIGHT. 543— Nicely furnished, sunny room.
$S; private family.
HARRISON. 7&4*i. near Fourths — Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; homelike: $1
week rep.
HAYES. 136. corner Van Nesa ave. — Larg«
room, suitable for two ladies or genta; $11.
HOTEL DUFFEFJN. 740 Ellis— Elegantly Tiitw
nished suites and single rooms.
HOWARD, 1274. near Ninth— $5; single room;
sunny. . .,
HOWARD, 1805 — Furnished room to let.
HOWARD, 1832 — Front bay-window room and
small kitchen; grate, gas range, bath: $15.
JESSIE. 363 — East U. S. Mint; furnished rooms
$5 per month and up.
jliSSIE, *607 — 2 rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping, with gas; cheap.
JONES. 610^ — Sunny front room: running water,
folding bed; gentlemen preferred; private.
LAGUNA. 812 — One furnished room t» let
LARKIN. 804— Sunny front and back room;
$3 tnd J3.
LINDEN ave. 3S3— One furnished room with
folding bed; '$6.
MARKET. 1004— On« room to let; $1 23 per
week.
MCALLISTER. 621— Room* alngle or en suits;
rent reasonable. • r.s ;
MCALLISTER. 1046— Nicely furnished doubts
parlor; all conveniences.
MINNA. 328 — F-rnished rooms from 7Se up. '
MISSION. 10SO— Nicely furnished room tot rent
MISSION 2362— Nicely furnished room to let
In private family.
MISSION. 2243 — Furnished room; usa bat_
and phone.
NATOMA, 460*s — Nice furnished room la quiet
private family; rent $6; gas and bath.
NATOMA. 637 H— Nice sunny front room; good
for one or two; rent reasonablo.
NICELY furnished front room with board;
private family; Washington st. near Lar-
kln. Box 3476. Call office.
PINE. 1078 — Large, sunny, furnished room;
running water; private family; reasonable.
POST. 889. near Hyde— Large furnished front
room- bath: gas; for 1 or 2 genta.
O'FARRELL. 1324 \± — To let. furnished suite*
2 rooms.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. S3
tc. $8; month. $S to $30; elevator oa ground
floor; roo-ia with hot and cold water; fcattu.
' »TT-ry.t.T.»— KO1 T ~ FOR saf.SP~-~«'»» \
SAFES and cash registers, new. and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p., cheap. E. B. Beck _ Co.. 122 Mkt
EAFES — New and second-hand. THE H_K-
M ANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
MOVING pictures, magic lanterna, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
_ CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at
MI8CEIXAKEOU8 _ WA.\T».
WANTED— 1000 photographs to use In picture
-machine: . any. size; subjects such as will'
amuse' the ¦ public; .unusual scenes, comic. I
etc.;. 20c for satisfactory ones: write name
of subject on back; inclose stamp If you
wish rejected ones returned. MODERN MFG.
• CO... 609 Golden Gate ave.. S. F.
BIG prices Said for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds," gents' full dress suits etc.: send
\ postal .card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
1 Stockton st, ' '
CALIFORNIA House wrecker Co. jpays tb«
highest price for buildings and will remove
the largest building In 10 days. Office and
¦ yard N. W. corner Mission anA Tenth sts. .
WANTED to- rent horse and btiggy for sum-
mer season at Son Rafael. J. COOPER 21
Stockton st.
CARPENTER work, painting and decorating
w«nt«nl In exchange for piano. BRUENN,
2f.8 Post street. ¦ .
WANTED a good ¦ watch dog. Apply to R.
HORRELL, Janitor. Weinstock _ Lubln'a.
WANTED — : One two-karat diamond stone. 490
Eddy st. . . :
SADDLE horse for mountain hunting trip;
cheap. Call box 8869.
WANTED a' second hand gas engine 2 h.p. Ad-
dress box 3801, Call Office.
BABY girl. IS months old. wants a home and I
a mother. Box 3432, Call office. |
BIKE cart or sulkey; ttate price. Box S994, )
Call . office.' . i
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and
gents' • castoff clothing; pc<«talj 943 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 nth st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought eold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission: phone Bush 467.
SHOES wanted: mfcflt & castoff; highest prcs. ;
new. fc 2d-hand rhoes for sale. 74!» Ml««lon.
MONEY fO LOAX.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
e01-00=-603 Examiner Bnltdtn*.
Quick settlements; no dlt^ppointment—
. Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
eats; assignments of rents; property In tru»t,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When .You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
INTEREST 5V4 AND 6 PER CENT-
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced' on CITY. OAKLAND,
. TOWN and COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided Interests In real estate, property la
trust: loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
CROCKER BUILDING.
POST AND MARKET STS.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
. . 1st. . 2d or 3d .
:¦' ¦ Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
I.43W rate of interest
- Qivt full particulars
or property or chattels.
Location, etc.
. Box 408. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
. Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowlfdge of employer or
anyone:' ccnfident:_l and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY ' amount quickly on .furniture cr piano,
without removal or other security; no com.:
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 08 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st
HIGHLY respectable private place to, obtain
liberal advances on diamond;. Jewelry, at 2 j
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store, !
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and' valuables: our fireproof vault is protest-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND .
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton: phone Bush 484. I
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bcardtng-houses, without
security; easy payment*, large business la
46 principal cities. Tolman. B53 Parrott bid. 1
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton !
«t. (upstairs). loans money on diamonds. Jew- :
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month; ,
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict .
privacy;r.o comm!tsion;lnstallments accepted. 1
BONELLI»301 Eddy. Conservatory building. {
1 PER cent -on furniture or pianos; no removal; j
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick. '
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st. rm. 1. \
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver, i
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought •
at W. J. HEFTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. I
¦ . ¦ 1
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to ,
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103V& Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
• LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method— To wage earners on unln-
dorted notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Ccmpany. rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO -salaried people without security: on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 8. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Pbelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages. [
life Insurance policies, • etc United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
¦ Savlny-s Bank building. 70S Market st
|1H per cent on furniture and planoa;«no com.
\ charged. ELFVINO. 616 Hearst bldg.. Ex. ent
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
. mo. S.'.F. Collateral. Loan^ Bank. S33 .Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser.' MORELL. 600 Examiner building.
WANTED.
WANTED — Between $200 and $3C0 on improved
city real- estate; flat loan. - Box 3800, Call
office.: > - ¦ s~ ¦ \ ¦ ¦=-_.
• Mt'SICAL INSTUCMK.XTS.
One Erard; nice condition $50
One EnglUh Le Blond: good order. $75
- One Sterling: -cost $325; new. .......... .$165
- One Lelns, walnut case; fine order $175
. On«. t flickering: mahogany case $250
One Knabe, uced one year, latest style; one
- Steinway ' -uned" 2 ' years, latest style; one
Vow mahogany case, used S months; also 1
.new piano, mahogany case, three strings. • lat-
est style, upright grand, $147 50. '
. , .. _». . ,-" |1O Squares $10.
Emerson. Kurtzman. Cummlngs, Hallet & Da-
,, vis Stetnway. Kranlch _ Bach, Hainee and 40
others from $10 up; easy payments — guaran-
teed.^BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'Farrel!.
' PIANOS for .rent; $3 per month; tbe largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
. from; pianos. from $30 upward; our line the
best our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes at ¦;-.. >
RENTING . Is our specialty; $2 up; apply en
purchase; Installments $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st: Oakland. 1253 '
Broadway. , . .
SPECIAL bargains " this week; square pianos.
$25; uprisM*. $100 up; organs. $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 303 Port st.
NEW upright piano, cheap for cash, if eold by
Wednesday. Apply 2812 Pine St.
A. u NEARLY 'new upright "grand, fine tone,
.cheap; owner going away. 337 Clement st.
TREMENDOUS slaughter storage pianos and
fur.; dirt cheap. Whltehead's.1636 Market «t
$165— STEINWAY upright; Private party: no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
, ments. BCHMITZ ft CO.. 16 McAllister st
8-PEDAL Steinway up: Checkering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
Player. BTRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
— — — — — — — — — _
. MUSICAL INSTIUJCTIO*. '
BY good teacher, piano Instruction In exchange
V for dressmaking. Box 30CO. Csll office.
OFFICES AND STORK. TO . LET. -
STYLISH;, milliner to rent half window and
workroom: established business; good loca-
tion. Box 3911, Call. I
OFFICES^-280 Post street, cor. Stockton; all '
light and on street; fixed to suit tenant.
VERY ; desirable desk; room"; "cheap. Apply ;
room 227. Starr King building. I
.FOLSOM, 035— Large, airy store: well lighted:
J^also 3 large rooms; yard: will-lease.
-.'-_ .-*.-""''-. "- <¦' PATEMTtt. j'_'.- : ' ¦
INVENTIONS patented. ; F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-Iaw. 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st
•-•:-. ' MEDICAL— Contlnned.
LADIES— Our "monthly" regulator never falls:
box free, VITA'.CO.. Station A, Detroit. Mich.
LADIES'. •irregularities cured: 18 years' ex.;
private^ Dr. SYLVESTER. 210 Kearny it-
DR. ROSEN resides 2895 Folsom st., corner
26th: ladles.- relief or no fee* $10. ¦• j
YOU can obtain relief; women only., DR. R.
H. WESTON, 305 Kearny st. -
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1126 Market at.
¦' s MATBTMOaXAI..
"W'IDOT\-ER, ; 56 years old with 3 children, has
a good home and ¦ othe'r property besides,
would like to, correspond with a lady middle-
aged, who would be a good mother to his chll-
dren;" object matrimony. - Box 1S32, Call.
SOBER, and - Industrious -widower, no incum-
brances. with a good home, would like to
meet a good.- industrious ' plain woman; cut
that can make a kind husband a good wife;
object matrimony.* Box 1938. Call office.
YOUNG lady. 22 years old* dark brown hair,
blue eyes, of a "kind and loving disposition,
would like to correspond with young man;
must be sober and Industrious; object" mat*
rlmony. . Box. 1760. Call office. . !
A YOUNO.rnaji. 24 carpenter by trade, would !
like to correspond with a young lady . who •
would make a good wife- and be willing to |
* live In th* country: object matrimony; no
agents. Box 3240, Call office.
GENTLEMAN, 31. sober and good habits, with
means and property, has a good tran>.
would like to correspond, with a young lady
who would ''¦like a ¦ rood home: object matrl-
mony. Box 13487, Call office.
A YOUNG laiy- with* some" money* hoine-lovlng
and amlableJ disposition, would' like to corre-
spond with a • sober,' industrious gentleman
with some means; object matrimony. Box
5871, Call office. ' .'
YOUNG lady. 22 years of age. medium height,
light brown hair, eyes dark, fair • complex-
ion. -would like to correspond withgentleman;
object matrimony.. Address box 1904, Call.
YOUNG man (widower), no Incumbrances. has
some cash In bank would like to correspond
with a young lady; nfln.d; cbjeot matrimony.
Box 1377. Call office. ¦ ¦ ' .
LADY, with a- good disposition, good house-
keeper, would like to .correspond with a gen-
tleman with some means- object matrimony.
Box 3434. Call office. ¦
A YOUNG lady, 21 years old (Catholic), would
like to correspond with a gj-ntleman of good
habits and disposition; object matrimony.
Box 3439. Call office.
GENTLEMAN of means would like to meet
lady In same position; object matrimony; no
trifl;rs or agents. Box 38€5. Call office; ¦
A GENT_EMAN~wlth $2000 cajsU to invest in
a home- would like to meet a lady matri-
monlally. Inclined. Box 3500, Call office. '
LADY, 3.'J yearn old, good appearance and some
means, wishes to meet a gentleman; object
matrimony... Box 17S2. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, 32. tall, dark, steady position,
wishes to meet lady about 29; object matri-
mony. Box 3895; Call offlcg. • '
MACIIIXERV — norjKht, Sold and Ex.
FOR 15a]*— 3-H.P. gasoline engine; 7000-gallon
tank; pipe complete. P. O. box 303, Berkeley.
mutes Agra Mnmro. .
FOR sale — North of Montezuma and. Thavilia
mines. Ml acres of p-tented land; 2 compart-
ment shaft down 40 fee.t; over 12-foot ledge;
4 fett in pay rock; all that. is needed is a
hoist; A. R. E. Jin* 100 yards from shaft for
power. For particulars address C. EVANS.
El Dorado. CaL - - \
NEW gold fields can be located by consulting
our geological map; buy no mining stock
without it. Mlneralogical Research Assn.,
136 Sycamore St.. -Milwaukee. Wls.
$500— START gold mining; rich ground: long
Ifagy; new machine. HALL. 691 Sutter st.
MlSCKLLASKUfg fOH. BALM.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand micblntry. McIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 105-H/7 Fremont st
STANDARD oil rig, fully equipped, and 1500
feet of casing. 11«* fn. to 7»» In.; also 1500
feet of 8 and 0 inch drive pip*. Apply for
particulars GAFFE Y _ MAHON. 505 Cali-
fornia at. : . •
DOES YOUR ROOF. LKAK? - .
Repair It with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or ccating; good over old
iron.- tin or .chinrles: b«_t for new roofs.
ELATKRITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boiler*.' pumps,
pulleys,- »haf ting, etc., ' etc..' bought. sold.
rented aci exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITB MCHT, CO.. 130132 Beal« st.
PAINT your old and new -metal and shlngl*
roofn with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks In the one and preserve the
mw. 206 Front st; tel. Main 142S. . .
SQUAB breeders; runts $8'pair; homers. Dra-
goons and crosses. $2; youngsters $1 50 G.
W. McGEHEB. Prospect ave., near East
Fourteenth St.. Frultva|e.
A— FINE suits $7 50; dress pants. :$2 60. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open, to Dp. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleyst
etc. WHITKLAW. 253-255 Lpear «t.
GENT'S full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTEXSTEIN BROS..
25 Stockton st. " . I
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on I
small weekly »>ayments. United Loan and |
Trust, Co., 21 Stockton »t. ... 1
J. COOPER, gent's full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton
st.; upstairs.- ¦ • * ' ' • - -
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats, $1 SO.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st, near
Pine; open to 9 p. ro.:' Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $150 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; wo pay express
- charges. 11 3d 'tt.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
A 40xC0 RUSSELL separator; self-feeder band-
cutter; nearly new; a 000k wagon; seats 24
men. Address 11. J. MOHR. Mt. Eden, Cal.
FOR manufacturing of Inventions. ¦ punches
and.dlef, special tools/ go to the Novelty
Machine Works, 278 Jessie- St., near Fourth.
A FIRST-CLASS all-around machinist wants
steady position. Address C. B., box 77, 100S
Market st. • -. ¦ ' ; .
HUNTERS and terriers for sale. 422A Ful-
ton st. • > • • ¦
FOR sale— 1 elegant GO-llght electric bath cab-
inet; reasonable.. Electric Worke, 227 Ellli) st,
ELASTIC stockings. $2. Factory,' 40 Ellis st.
FOR sale— Oil barrels, drums and tanks. GEO.
PARTRIDGB _ CO., 123 California st. ?
YOST, typewriter. No. 4; . perfect condition;
great bargain; $50. 310. I'lne st., room 20.
GENTI,E saddle .iiorse: suitable for lady or
children: «25. 1020 Oak St.. Oakland.
STUD white and black cocker spaniels; 5
months old; $20." 730 Hyde st. " ,- ,' •
FORSALE— Jersey o«w for family. 63-t' Ml;s-
Isslpiil at., nonr 2Cth ; Potrero. • .
A PAIR of Kl-in.xlOft. bollem. H shell: half
coat. S. P 1 _Bgyi^S_J»8j Push St. e
LARGEST runts, best liens, pigeons, etc.'Olen-
-_*_"! e _ "^'econ Loft, Elmhurst.' ' • .¦ ••
G n S J n *\ M ' 6 h ' -P- Bay aty Iron Works,
Oakland. • • . .
13 * 1 mare ' 6 vears old - Bo* 19*2,
HO £5 E J 0T . sale - stylish and a pacer. Box
. 324o. Call office. ., .. . - '. ..
BIKE buggy for sale; flrst-class condition; Ut-
_Jle_"sed. Box 3234 ; Call office. .
WANTED— A large horse to work double. Ad-.
dress box 3437. Call, office. . - I
FOR sale— A nice light delivery wagon. 301 !
— -? rt pt "' "¦ „-' — i ' V" ' ¦( '•' ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ "\
LIGHT - secsond-hand - wagon for sale. - 813
Howard st. ' /> , ;. •.:....
FOR SALE— An Invalid wheel .'. chalr;~nearly
new.', 2S2Q, Sixteenth st. , I- ¦
TICKET to St. I>oula cheap for . dark lady.
Box 3472, Call office. '. " . :
DIAMOND rings. 91 per. week; no references I
required. REED.- 01 Crocker building.
FOR sale— A' new range. Apply at 1404 Bu-
chanan st.. -bet. 'Ellis and O'Farrell. • -1
COLLIES— Pedigreed, blooded stock; reason-
able. 1 314 Scott st. . . • ;>v .
PIGEONS— AH the leading varieties; stajnp for
catalogue, c •WILSON, office 220 Stevenson.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Baclgalupl
, moved to 788 Mission st. . ¦ ;
SECOND-HAND safes. $58: 60-Inch desk. $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market st.
IMPROVED Wood printing press;?, gasoUn*
engines. Boyer Machine. Works. 48 Spear st. I
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap' some
new; 16x16. 310 Third st.: tel. Main 418. ¦>.':
ASKfpr prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER • _ CO.. 110 Monts/T.
A -TENT for rent or Bain. ROSS McMAHON.
¦TENT ft AWNING CO..38 M rkt. Tel. Bush HM
BOOKS bought: libraries > purchased. ' King 7 ! i
Old Bookstpre. 01 McAllister st>» -.-- v |
BARGAINS In • fine diamonds i and watches;
i easy payments. GAR IN, 603 Hay ward bldg. 1
HELP \»'AirrED~MALE--_Ca-. |
OPEN TO-DAY.
SUNDAV. S TO 12 A. M. . |
A-MLRRAY _ RliADY. 644-036 Clay st.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR
AGE NTS. -
FHONE MAIN 584S.
WE SPEAK _— -_--tt
SPANISH. SWISS. "T^^l*'
HERMAN. GREEK. "*^r_£
Your fare fr.e. Ix»*-Fre« Fare.
TO STATE OF NEVADA.
If you stay four months. T H _\t fc *^
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
_C3 r-o-tc-ix teamsters. $60.
156 laborers, you'll *ult $«O.
W driller*, rockmen. hammarsrt lea. »«a.
Sight bour** work daily; hundred* going. .
6 carpenters, city Job*. $4 day.
4 carpenters, far. $1 *0. W •» ««J-
3 paperhangers, fare $1 60. f« d& J-
5 painters, fare $1 W, $3 RO day.
4 plumbers, fare $1 SO. $5 <ia>.
_ tinsmith*, fare $1 _0. *4 day. _
Wheelwright operate wheel machine, fare »i.
BoU-roaker. fare BOc. S3 and $3 60 day. |
Blacksmith, stage co.. Mendocino co.. $50 14. |
Wheelwright, 50c fare, $50 and toani.
>« cooper*., elark work, steady. ?
2 cor— loeiaen, exceptionally good jobs, »3 ov
day. • *
4 plasterer*, fare $1 00. $5 day.
• arr;_te painter, atlcker baad. country, ?*
day.
Molder _r.d rtlclcer band.
Clang edgerman. fare $1. $55 to $70 found-
Double cut band sawyer. $5 day.
Screw turner. Santa Clara County, $«5.
5 door molders, lumber company, bc«s here, ,
$2 60 to $3 a a_> .
Doubletree shaper and spindle «haper. H.
Cut-off *awyer: 4 t_lngl«-rs, $1 per M.
Edgerman. fare $1 '>'. $45 found.
12 borseshoers, city and country. $4. $3 50,
$3. $2 SO day.
' 14 blacksmiths tafl helpers. $4. $3, « «"•
4 laborers to Irrigate orchard, fare $1. $•* **• i
STABLEMEN. . M
_6 stablemen, city and country, $75, $00. $50 ;
and found.
HAYMAKERS. • "
a haymakers, mowere, (1 25 day and found.
_fi x-meyard and orchard hands. $26. $30 ffi.
R6 milkers and butter and cheese makers. $30
to $50 found.
16 choremen and boys. $15 to $30 found.
1G teve. U*c factories. JW.
MINES.
12 machine miners. $80.
16 single and double hand mtaer*. $82 50.
166 m-oodchoppers, all over C_Ufornia-
MEN AND WIVES.
Milker and wife, $4o found. __._„ i
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
_<i cockf, $30. $4O. $50, f.60. $70 found. .
, 1« waiters. $23. $30, $40 and found. . ¦
18 dishwasher*. J20. $25. $30. $35 found.
12 porters, bell and elevator boys, $30 to $15
iound.
_A_NDRT.
26 la.un_rymen, different departments. $15 to
' $22 week.
BAKERS.
2 first, 4 second on bread. 1 second on cakes.
Rert Places at MURRAY & READY.
Biggest wages at 6T>4 and 636 Clay St.
MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS.
TELEPHONE AND LETT_R ORDDRE.
— yes:- i
Milker and wife, easy, good Job, south. $40
and found. |
Blacksmith, ranch, ?40 and found. ,
Setter 6cr»w head blocks, boss here. S3 day. 1
Doer molder. -We far*. $2 to $3 a day. I
Luther anj dingier, ftfte fare. $4 a day.
Bellboy, city hotel, (15 found.
POFS HERK. LUMBER CO.
•Placer— i»n. fare I_ 5O. $00 and found.
SScrew turner, fare f2 RO. *.*-) and found.
battle herder, fan? $1 2T». $30 and four.d.
<"hee*e-rr.akrr; 20 cowt; $40 and found.
12 tes.-'.r.*-"; c'.ty end country; $2 and $2 25 |
a day. ¦
LOOK.
2 iroriers: rountry laundry; $35 and found.
ConV. lunch counter: »4't and found.
Polisher, north, laundry. $15 a week.
Assistant baker: city: little ex.; *25 found.
LOOK. i
2 machinist": 'actory: fare $1 50; $3 a day. i
3 carpenters; fartory: fare $1 50; $.'J 50 day. j
SS HAYMAKKRS.
$1 50. $1 M and found day. $1 50. I
10 c-ooiie— . *l«ok work. 10c barrel.
Painter, carriage work*, fare $1 50. $50 t&. ',
Jsrtffe.r. utKjerFtand* r'.sglnc. north. $00 fd.
Screw turner, small L. mill. ?55 fd. :
Toung roan, offic* work. $fi week.
Oliver, solicit bottle beer. $2." tA.
Screw turner, south; edgeman, south; hoo_ j
tender, south.
LOOK.
*'arri»-d milker. $45 and house.
Portuguese milker, fare 25c. $4*> fd. '
Toung man run Tr_i_, city, $7 week.
1{endy man do little blacksmithlnr. ranch, !
*uo fd. ;
3 tr_clvme:i. S hor**p. free fare, $2 day.
< "arper.ter, :=orn<» fhlrgiirg, city, $2 30 day.
*h»<=p herd". $30 fd.
2 brick loaders, country. 25c M.
LOOK.
!\ t.low teamsters, fare $1. $32 50 1\1.
T. laborers, lumber Ov. fare $2 50, XZ5 fd.
Vegetable gardener. $30; bedmaker. city, $17
Kest :>!ac«s at MURRAY & READY'S,
Best wages at <34-€36 Clay st.
2 fhip carpenter.*, boss here to-day (Sunday) ¦
II h. m .. $3 day. j
2 r>!ackf— tith fc*]u*rs. fare 30c. *2 50 uay. j
2 carpenters, bo^s here, cit> . $2 50 day. i
niarksmiib. lumber ro., MenJoclno Co., $50 fd. :
Wagon* orker, $U0 fd.
IXOIC
Hjtrher slicp and sausage, south $^5 to
• *4O fd.
nak»r, country shop, north, fT,0 fd.
Xirht short-ord«-r cook, ccffee-hcu;-, $12
•wt'-k.
P.aV.er's hf:liier. *f< fare, $.*50 fd.
nodmalnr. wash difhe*. $20 fd.
l_H»t rlty .»iivi:. S-H v.-eek.
MCRRAY"_ READY. fi34 and 8S8 Cliy st.
ALT. PltEE FARK.
FTtBK VAIVF. TO ALL.
10 UACHIlCISTfi, ?3 30 to $4 day.
7 BOILi:UMAKEItS. $:« M to f4 day.
UOSS HERK.
Tiinr an<l hrtlf lor overwork
IV_rd «_id lodjing. free — FREE TARE.
Boy. h^lp on vafon, city. $IT> M.
-<< lalv rers. lay track. K hours day. $2 day.
¦ 2 lio^tlers. oily lob. *75.
¦J njinerc. gold mino. south. $90.
MURRAY & HEADT. CM and CW5 Clay «t.
Runler. frr* {arc- to Alaska, $25 fd.
IVI1I *ri_rrT.er for mine. >3 25 Cay.
Oieetcnalifr. manic-d rran.
I!utch»T for ranch. $40 r<i.
MARRIED.
M_n and wife; man helj> milk, drive team.
woman h<~!p hfu.-e^-ork. ?W» fd.
J'.hn Ktanton. <Ji5h»R«her. please v.rite us.
MURRAY & READY. CM and <«6 Clay Kt.
LCKBEB SYNDICATE.
25 1aborpr» for yards. millF, etc., $15 fd.,
. no exprienre nece-Ksary. you'll suit.
¦KT'nRAT _ READY. «?.4 snd KM* (lay St.
t«Or>cn Sunday 10 to 12.)
AT CONTRACTOR?- AGENCY.
»5 THIRD FT. Telephone Main 5521.
Teamsters, city work. $1 50 and board.
NEVADA 6 Iiouns. Chiap fare
TVumsterH, $2 23; laborers. $2.
Cooler*. *>t*a«iy Job; piece wor«: nn Ktrik?.
«"abin«t makei— .'>nJ bench hand?. $3 50.
Woodchopper-. piece work: good lay-out.
Teamsters **al. ra;iroa<l. $2 25; long Job.
IIORD & SMITH.
IlKD CROSS KMriXiYMHNT AfiENCY.
?!•_ <1ny Kt. ; phone Jame* 2476.
Epeojal To-day (Sunday) 10 to 12 a. m.
10 laborers, eteam »-hor«-I work. S2 25 per
day; railrnAd team* i:i Culifornla. $2 25 p«-r
day; ecrarxr tf_3:si»rs. ditch work. $1 25 p<r
day and ho— r_.
ri:d cbo— s employmhnt agency.
€02 Clay St.. near Montgomery.
AKDr.E'S Office. 317 ?Mrkton «.— Baker for
Institution, country. $35: tiastry cook for Yfl-
• lowsume. $«0. fair paltl; French cook'«
heli<r. «ame pl*i-e-. $.'J0; waiters, city and
country. $25 to $3r>: strong younir man to
" work in nursery. $25; man for plain garden
work. $20; elderly man. lodging-house. $20;
,' elevator boy. $25; dlshwashf-r. $25. etc.
I .'ANTED — Window dresser and card writer
for Interior department ctore; $25 a week.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 334 Sutter.
fiTRO-VC, industrious young- man In store
where hardware, cutlery and . sporting goods
aro boH; one willing to help sweep and clean
and learn to be salesman. Address In own
handwriting and state how tsituated.' Mer-
chant/ box 3S31. Call office./
P. FINANCIAL institution wants State
ajre-nt; ability and knowledge of high-grade
necuiities und realty Investments required;
liberal «i— arurermtits with proper parties O
C. 6.. Metropolitan bldg. San Francisco. Cal.
II EVERY hour you work, placing Allen's
Kushlon Komfort Shoes; outsell ever ythlng-
NO RISK. Call or write. Kushlon Komfort
Agrney. 1233 Bread way, Oakland, CaL
GOOD. streiMc. steady youth, about 17. to be
apprenticed to hatting; only tho*e desiring
to learn a trade need apply. PaclSc Coaet
Hat Works, 1458 Market it.
GENTLEMAN of good address to travel for
manufacturing and Importing bouse: experi-
ence as salesman and rollcltor preferred.
Box 3M6. Call.
WANTED — Solicitor to sell to restaurants.
bo_rdinr-house« and hotels'; part salary and
oarom_*ion: give experience and reference*.
Bex C47O, Call office.
WANTED— Retail salesman familiar with gen-
eral merchandise business; give reference.
• experience and salary expected. Box 3779,
Call office.
SUPERINTENDENT for construction T.ork;fa-
mlllar with tunnels; must have good ref-
crenceg as to ability, etc. Box 3901. Call.
BLACKSMITH'S helper: one that can drive
ehoc«. J. H. DUTCHER, Llvermore. Cal.
_ HELP WANTED — MA_J_— -C«H».._ :
A— CONTRACTORS' Employment and Labor
Agency, 635 Washington. Phone James 3301.
2 laborers. Government work, 8 hours, $2.
5 teamsters, R. . R. work, free fare, $2.
Bookkeeper, city position, lumber company,
$C0 with advance: blacksmith, country shop,
$3 day; blacksmith, ranch, $50 found and
increase: blacksmith, ?3, near city: 2 -car-
penters, city, $4; 3 carpenters, city, $3 50;
trimmerman, small sawmill. $40 and found:
ficrew turner, same mill, $55 found; 10 farm-
hands, $26 to $40 found: 2 milkers, • Nevada,
fare returned; 30 teamsters, laborers and
rockmen. K2 to $2 25 day. Government
¦work. L. H. Cutting & Co., 635 Washington.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price, r.m Mission «t. bet. 1st and 2dsts.
QKT your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. fi&t Mission «t. bet 1st and 2_ sts.
HEX.F WANTEB--SOI.XCXTOK8. __
SOLICITORS and agents desiring a good sal-
ary ¦ and commission will call forenoon or
address C. D. CHADD, rm. 1. Brooklyn Ho-
tel. Bush rt.. bet. Bansome-Montgomery.S. F.
HOUSES AMD WAGONS.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year j
round: near Black' Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Rtables, 190 Stevenson. S. F.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
version begins June «. Catalog* by applying to
DR. E. J. fHEELET, 510 Golden Gate ave.
PHY8ICIANS. ; attention— Handsome * cout>e.
large, stylish, sound horse; harness; com-
plete; reasonable. 314 Scott st. '
FOR eale — Two swind-hand laundry wagons:
also light waponi" for camping; at ROB-
ERTS'. 1616 Market st.
FINE looking, dark brown buggy horse, about
8 years old; good trotter, STRAUB, 630
Market st. • • ¦ '
REMOVED— Oakland Riding Academy to 1020
Oak st. Fhone John 2191. ;
IF you want bargains In draft or wagon horses
call at Occidental Horse Exchange, 246 3d et.
FOR sale — Nearly new delivery wagon. 2208
Filbert St.. - . , ¦ j
CAMP wagons', with tent, cooking utensils,
etc.. for., rent 2020 Polk st. •
FINE English dog cart, almost new, cheap.
. Inquire: at tt Eddy St.. room 100.
HORSSS and harness for sale. 1519 Mission |
, street.
HORSES of all grades bought, " sold and ex- ;
changed. H. ATKINSON. 68 Hermann st.
WAGONETTKS, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ne»«. work and driving hor«e» 15th-V«lencla.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of housee to let; send for cir-
cular, a. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 20 Montgomery
BEAUTIFUL residence. 11 roome: bath; gar-
den; yard; rear entrance: centrally located:
1018 Post et.. bet. Larkln and Polk; cars
pass; call 12 to 1.
JONES, 1807 — Modern sunny house of 8
rooms and bath; marine view; front and
: rear garden.
PACIFIC. lf!40. near Polk st.— House of 5
rooms and bath; in good condition; rent $25.
VON RHEIN Real Estate Co.. 513 California.
PINE. 241S— Desirable house, 8 r. and 2 b..
large garden: must be seen to be appreciated;
rent reasonable.
CLAY,. 2224— I~rge desirable house, 12 r. and
b.; rent reasonable to good party.
SUNNY house, 10 rooms; heater; cor. Grove
and Baker sts. ; $75.
j, JHUuHEK TO I.K'i KtH.\iSM_ I>.
j BEAUTIFUL, brand new house on Masonio
ave. ;. elegantly furnished: 10 rooms, all dif-
ferent finish; sunny and bright; bath; an-
tique hall; 3 open fireplaces; furnace; elec-
tric light, gas; large yard; marine view:
north and west: a real gem. Call for per-
mit and full particulars at 1243 Leaven-
¦worth st.. near. Sacramento. ' .
WILL rent to small family. June. July and
August, furnished house. 7 rooms, with bath,
girl's room and laundry; Western Addition; i
lawn all around house;' $75 per. month. JNO.
J. FULTON CO.. 409 Washington st.
COMPLETELY furnished house; 7 large, *unny
rooms; bath, large yard, basement. 104 Plerc*
St., nr. Haight; references reqeired. Inquire
9-12 a., m.. 5-7 p. ~ i. t or 207 Examiner bidg.
FL'RNISHED anartraent of 6 «unny rooms; j
complete- for housekeeping; Pacific ave., near
Franklin; for 3 months or longer. Tel. East
1023. . . " . .
A WELL furnished S-room house to rent • for
three months to responsible • party; own
terms; commencing June 1. 1979 Eddy st.
FURNISHED 10-room house tb rent for three
months or longer; Baker St.. near park; $75;
references required. Box :>421. Call office.
HOUSES TO LET— SUBURB AN.
WELLESLEY Park. San li&leo County— S-
rr.orr, modern furnished house. MEEK, 009
Mission- st. ' !
FIHMSUKI) HOUSES Sl'tlMlBA*. :
Mil. I. Valley; furnished 5-rootn cottage, with j
bath; hot water, etc.; low rent. Box 3704,
Call office.
CAMP MEEKER— Cottage. 4 rooms, furnished;
6 minutes from train. 515 Lsavenworth st.
j$ MZX.Z. TALIET.
A NEW C-room "shingled house: modern Im^
provements; furnished or unfurnished.. Tel-
ephone Hyde 2<>22. San Francisco, or H. II.
Vv'AINWRIOHT. Mill Valley.
HOUSES Kl'RMSHED— FOR SALE.
OFARRELL. 010— 0-room nicely furnished
house for sale: a snap.-
HOUSE of jTrooms and bath for sale. 1301 ¦
Gough st. , ' .
HOUSES WASTED — FURNISHED. \
n x-jtli-ii ' ¦ -i.r nr r_ i_n.rij l i_ _-_-u-».rij-i.i-u-|.-»- nnnnni- - ¦ - 1 - |
WANTED— Comfortable Jious* In Mill Valley |
for June and July; state price and location;
references exchanged. 1001 San Antonio ,
ave.. Alameda. - i £
-AtTwoH-i- roB _ xaa. - ¦ '¦
C. A. UcNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
•t.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
J. Mil-Knell* Launch Co.. Unlon-st wharfiboat-
Inr & -excursion*.- fi Steuart St.; tel.- John 2688.
LOST AM) KUUXU.
LOST— Lady's black silk belt with fancy
buckle, going from Laguna and O'Farrell to
Webster and Ellis. Please return to 1420
O'Farrcl st. ;' reward. • . ¦ '
LOST — Sunday, May 8, in vicinity of Jefferson
square, large white bull terrier bitch, with
yellow FzxitH on ears; no collar; liberal re-
' ward. 513 McAllister St. . . , . ,
LOST — Friday evening at Orpheum, O'Farrell
or Stockton " sts, "child's' locket and chain.
Finder will return to 760 McAllister St.; re-
ward. . - • . • .
LOST— -Uady's gold watch, satin finish case.
Initials 8. E. It. ; engraving and baby's pic-
ture inside; $lo reward. 33 Fourth st.
LOST— Thursday, ' gold spectacles; divided
lenses; good reward. DR. J. W. MOLIEU,
406 Sutter st.
LOST — Black, cooker spaniel, white ' stripe ¦ on
breast: answers to name of Dago. Return to
45S Elite et. ; receive reward:
LOST — A drawn ! work ecrim waist. Return
to 37"6 Twentieth st. ; reward... ,
PIN; lady's head,' pearl border, diamond leaf;
dead husba_d's_glft; $20 reward. 2568 Pine.
LOST— Cameo brooch, bet. Call buildln. and
O'Farrell »t. 1409 Call building; reward.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring isafe. Mire and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me: my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-,
VICE FREE: . 17 yearn* experience- in all
female disorders; call or write. DR. .. WHITE,
702 Market t.i .rooms 7 and 8. * ¦-
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist- for all female
. complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 80 years' experience. 820 Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist tor all fe-
male trouble* and Irregularities; Instant ; re«
• lief . guaranteed. 1008% Market st. opp. Bth.
VALPKAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
apld; price $2 50 by. express. Pasteur'*
syringe and tablets; price $5. - By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists, Eeventb and
- Broadway, Oakland. • ,.. ¦ • ¦
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are alck or
In troubl* consult this specialist on f emal*
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped;, the moat difficult cases treated;
advice fre*^ Office. 1018 Market st
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; beat medical care; low fees.
Dra. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: tnst. relief;
treatment $10; hour*. 10 to B: 25 yr*. exper.
MRB. DR. OWYER. having secured : lease of
premises, is permanently located at oil A
teavenworth st. bet. Geary and O'FarrelL
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded : confldentlaL
DR. EMILIA FUHKE, 1416 8th st," Alameda.
_._PKK»O3i AI.S. '
A frestt. smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name. M ELLA HARRIS.
The number. 781 O'Farrell st. near Larkln.
. Call or write for book. free.
- ' '"Hints on Beauty." m
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. I— -
proves its growth- stops falling, cure* dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCaJLKSPolk.
TO my patrons and the public — I have secured
the services of an Eastern dermatologist. _
college graduate; also the agency for the
most perfect massage dsvlce on the market.
MISS MORIS, room 47. 121 Post st
• FREE to men only— Present with actual cash
i value of $3, nam* & birth Inscribed. Send
! full address & hirth date to J. S. HOW_LL
CO., 312,Wabash ave., Chicago.
Cancerous lump*, sores. Impure blood (affsctlng
skin, mouth, bone*, etc.). speedily cured by
• killed specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant are. 'Worst ca*es cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st, Oakland.
SCALP treatment given by a lady to produce
growth of hair: hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
and evenings; best of references. Hotel
Atlanta. 452 Ellis at.
A FINE salt to order on easy installments ot
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market st,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT lees than cost; uncalled for sujts overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market St. .
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR ~~"
On the worst bald head. Call or writ- DR.
O. " 8. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st
FURNITURE reoalrs and polish: chair* spe-
cialty; mirrors resllvered. TOWEY. 3.0 Fell.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress P*nts $2 50-
Mlsflt Cloth rig Failor. cot. Bush and Dupont.
I SUPERFLUOUS hair * mole* removed by elec-
i trie needle. Mrs.A.W.Dr.Travers.ll70 Market
"VITAL King" cures Weak men: $2 50. post
paid. DR. BURNARD „ CO.. 140 Geary. S.F.
SUITS to order en Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS A CO. (inc.). tailors. 720 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight: cure* deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist 389 Snt-
ter. r. 6C0. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books. Trigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'8 Egyptlon Henna restore* gray
hair to its natural color. $1: at all druggist*;.
CHEAPKST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, gent to any. address in ths
T.'nUed States or Canada one year for $1.
PA-M1STWY. i
MME. NEEROARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 6 dally. Phone Jam" 1. Clasae*.
MADAME DEVAS. palmist and astrologer. 139
Post st; readings $1; hours 1 to 5.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 513
Taylor ?t. near Geary, Phone Black 361.
PHYSICIANS AMD HfBUEOM*.
DR C C O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market st. bet 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st. ;
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor:
treats ; all diseases of th« human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. pear Leavenwort—.
___=_ TONG "_O CHY. successor to Dr. LI To
Tal herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by trse of herbs and leas. 727 Washington st
WONG WOO «he famous herb doctor — All dls-
ea»»» cured' by Chinese herb*. 746-3 Clay st
BOOMS FOM IIOUSKKK_Fl.\(i.
ALL sunny; best In city; 3 or 4 rms. ; furnished
or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENTS. 1560 Sacramento st. near Larkln.
AUSTIN ave.. 102, Bueh and Pine sts.. off
Pjlk— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms and
bath.
CLIPPER, 514, near Diamond— 2 large fur-
! nished rooms; kitchen; bath; laundry; cheap.
EDDY. 526 — Three-room apartment: elegantly
furnished; private bath: electric light.
EDDY. 9H4— Comfortably furnished housekeep-
j ing room?; lower floor: two. $14: three. $1S.
j ELEVENTH, 106 — Two large, front, sunny,
connecting, bay-window- rooms; gaa stove.
. ELEVENTH. 124 A— One large furnished
i housekeeping room; closet, gas and bath;
• suitable for two; $1 75 week.
j
i El'.REKA, 306 — Four sunny rooms and bath;
$15.
i FKI.L, 222— Three .nicely furnished front
; rooms; central.
¦ FIVE furnished rooms for housekeeping. Call
! 132 Oak st.. near Gougtu
I FOLSOM. ft47 — » rooms and bath, complete;
| piano.
j FRANKLIN, 420— Nicely furnished housekeep-
j in~ rooms.
• FL'LTON. 322 — Furnished rooms for house-
I keeping.
GEARV. Mil — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms' to let; also single rooms.
GOLDEN Gato ave.. 334— Beautifully furnish-
ed front suite: sunny; phone; bat!;; house-
keeping privileges.
GUERRERO. 030, bet. Twenty-first and Twen-
ty-second — Three furnished rooms for house-
keeping: r.o children.
HAIGHT, 3—2 front rooms. furnished for
I housekeeping; folding bed: gas range: water.
IIAIOHT. 21«— Luxurious housekeeping rooms
to let: finely furnished.
HARRISON. 731— 3 rooms, furnished for house-
keeping: Urge yard; rent $15. /
HAYES. 4£1 — Bay-window, front room; nicely
furnished: for light housekeeping.
HAYES. 020 — Two newly furnished house-
keeping, rooms. Call for particulars.
HOWARD. 737%— Nicely furnished rooms for
I housekeeping; from $1 25 up.
HOWARD. 1421 — Two or three housekeeping
I rooms with bath and gas; rent .cheap.
JESSIE. 323 — 2 large sunny basement rooms;
furnished housekeeping; 2 beds; $15 month.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 PhM —
Sunny, furnUhed 3-rocm suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lishtea^jfre^baths^^ts^Ojj^
LA BRANCH House. 1220 Powell St., cor. Pa-
cific — Nice furnished rooms to let: also
housekeeping: $1 a week and up.
LARKIN. 613 — Housekeeping suites of two and
three rooms each from $15 to $23 per month;
all conveniences.
LARKIN. 817%— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed: gaa stove; reasonable.
MARKET. 1735 — 2 connecting side rooms to
rent for* housekeeping; coal stove; $11.
MARKET, 2098 — Two large sunny furnished
front rooms for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER SM— Suite complete housekeep-
ing. $7; adults; gas range: hot bath.
MISSION. 2526 — Furnished room, with or wlth-
out board. ' -
MISSION, 25C2 — Furnished room In private
. family.' . . .
OAK. 17— Nice housekeeping rooms to let;
private family. •
OAK. 117— Extra suite 3 rooms. $20: single. $3
to $»: ga< range: hot bath; laundry; adult*.
OAK SOI 1 — Two newly furnished sunny rooms;
phone; bath; laundry; no children; $16 5O.
Oak 1529— On Panhandle; 3 sunny house-
keeping rooms; bath, laundry: rent reason -
able. -
O'FARRELL. 1395— Nicely furnished sunny
. front housekeeping suite, $16; no children.
POLK «12— $14; bedroom, kitchen, gas stove,
•bath'; larse. front suite, housekeeping, reas.
POLK 101S— Sunny suites. 2 and 3 rooms. $12
up: gas. bath, phone, etc.: also single;
no objection to children.
POLK. 1402— Sunny housekeeping room*; gaa
and bath free: reasonable. ¦ .
POWELL. 201«—2 , furnished housekeeping
• ¦ rooms to let. - , ¦ ; . -- -¦-
SACRAMENTO. 1490— Two connecting fur.
I housekpg rooms; run. water; gas stoves; $17.
SAN JOSE ave.. 578—3 sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms, with bath; reasonable.
SANSOME, 625 — Furnished rooms for house-
i • keeping. .. ' :
'SECOND. 212— Furnished for housekeeping;
also other room-*; reasonable; no children.
SIXTH. 436%— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
double or single; In quiet family; rent cheap.
SOUTH PARK. 137—2 or* .1 nicely furnished
I front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
STEVENSON, 501—3 furnished housekeeping
rooms. $16; or 2 rooms, $12; large yard.
STOCKTON. 120&— Single , and double house-
keeping rooms; $5, $12; baths; sunny; gas.. Twenty-seven Japanese > and , seven
teen Chinese officers are attached to
the German army for instruction, be
sides representatives of other, foreign
Armies. .
Alligator Farm In France.
j It is understood that several French
dealers are on the way to Florida to
lay in a supply of alligators for the
starting of an alligator farm hi the
southern part of France. The skin has
become so highly, prized throughout
France that the animal dealers believe
It. will pay to raise. the 'gators on this,
the first farm of its kind in the world.
Not long ago President Loubet received
a present of a hunting suit of alligator
skin and the novelty. of the this? has
been extensively advertised In the
French press.— Jacksonville Times-
Union.
An historic oak sapling was planted
in the White House grounds recently.
Secretary Hitchcock supplied the' tree,
and in connection with it told the Pres
ident a pretty story. - .. , "'
Many years ago Charles Sumner sent
to the Czar of Russia some acorns from
a stately . oak which overhangs, the
tomb of Washington at Mount Vernon.
The -Czar caused the acorns "to '', be
planted in the grounds of the Peterhof
Palace in St Petersburg. One of the
acorns grew into .a magnificent oak,
which yet stands in the palace grounds.
I While in St. Petersburg, in 1S98 as
the "United: States Embassador, Mr.
Hitchcock collected a handful of acorns
from the historic offspring of the Mt.
Vernon oak,', sent them to, this country
and had them planted In the grounds
at hiS; Missouri hoine. Some of them
developed into" fine saplings, and it is
.one; of: them that is to ; be. planted- in
the White House grounds on Thursday.
The planting, which is to -be done at
the instance of President Roosevelt,
will ,. be -without ceremony. — Courier-
Journal. : '
A Sapling With a History.
Virginia does not want her school
masters to drink, and a bill to that
effect is now before the Legislature.
Their need of a high ball or anything
of the kind Is to be determined by
a doctor of medicine and not by their
private interior yearnings and they
must show a prescription before any
tavern or saloon keeper is empowered
to give them one. If they violate the
ordinance they are to.be removed and
if the trustees fail to carry this out
they are to be fined for dereliction.
The old commonwealth Is very much
in earnest in the matter, convinced
that the general run of its teachers
have taken "sugar in theirn" quite
long enough. — New York Tribune.
Virginia Teachers Must Abstain.
Right there Colonel Haskins hesi
tated a moment, and, as a guilty look
came Into his eye, added: __ "If I'll
preach."
But" Mr. Maxham agreed to sing, and
there was , no occasion for Colonel
Haskins to explain that hiatus in his
remark;— Washington Post
A story is told about a prolonged
absence of the rector, which put upon
Colonel Haskins unexpectedly the duty
of conducting the Sunday, service. He
met. Maxham. who said that he, could
not sing that Sunday.
"Not sing!", exclaimed the colonel,
hotly. "Well, \now. Maxham, if you
don't sing. I'll be— V
Representative Kittredge Haskins of
Vermont is a lay reader in the Epis
copal church at Brattleboro. He Is also
a lawyer, and on occasion is capable
of emphatic language. Over at the Sen
ate there is a doorkeeper, A. J. Max
ham, noted as a campaign singer,' whose
home is also In Brattleboro. When the
rector of the lUtle church a^ Brattle
boro is unable to be present, because of
duties elsewhere. Colonel Haskins and
Mr. Maxham practically, run tfie
church. Colonel Hajskins preaches and
Maxham sings. •
Had Preaching and Singing.
Th raising of hyacinth, tulip and daf
fodil bulbs is practically a Dutch mo
nopoly, and nearly all of those bulbs
sold by American seed houses are Im
portations. John VandenneiJ, repre
sentative In the United States of a bulb
house at Llsse, Holland, who arrived in
New York recently, has for his only
samples a few dozen bulbs, but he says
that In every greenhouse in the coun
try he can point to the blossom product
of the bulbs which he sells. Mr. Van
dermeij talks interestingly about the
business of growing hyacinth bulbs.
"They will not grow in every coun
try," he declared. "In fact, Holland is
the only land in which bulb raising has
become a large and distinct Industry.
A dry, sandy soil and even climatic
conditions are essential to the full de
velopment of the hyacinth, tulip and
daffodil. I believe, however, that daf
fodils are grown with some degree of
success in the southern part of Vir
ginia. But as an exclusive business the
United States cannot lay claim to daf
fodil farming.
"In this country the changes of cli
mate do not agree with these plants.
The bulbs must be set in the fall, cov
ered so as to maintain an even tem
perature throughout the winter, and In
the sprin'g, when the blossoming time
Is at hand, rainfall, sunshine and mild
ness m/st occur with absolute regu
larity. Otherwise no bulbs will nil out.
Of course, the blossoms trill unfold aa
beautifully here as In Holland, but the
developing process ends with, the fall
of the petals.
"I believe that few lovers of flowers
know that the tulip and hyacinth, so
common In the American home, are
not natives. I have even heard Ignor
ance on tMs point attain to such pro
portions "as to Inspire pscudo flower
fanciers In the United States to sug
gest the . tulip as a national emblem.
Even if it were physically possible to
raise good tulip bulbs here I do not be
lieve that an Industry could be built
up in the face of Dutch competition.
Labor is cheap with us, and we can ex
port bulbs and place them on the mar- t
ket at a lower figure than could be
fixed by American growers."
Bulb Raising With them Is a Dis
tinct Industry of Large
, Proportions.
In a recent Issue of Electricity there
appeared an article taken from one of
the daily papers describing an inven
tion for generating electridtf direct
from fueL The inventor, a resident of
Newark, N. J., Is elated, aa he deems
his invention perfected. This problem
of obtaining power direct from coal
and doing away with expensive and
cumbrous machinery Is one that in
ventors and scientists the world over
have been for years endeavoring to
solve. "Whoever accomplishes It suc
cessfully and designs an apparatus
that is practical will be the means of
revolutionizing the existing methods of
generating motive power. But unless
thjs Newark genius has finally hit upon
the proper combination of elements the
problem Is far from solved. Thermo
piles have been brought out In the past,
for which great things were hoped and
which to all appearances accomplished
striking results In a small way. When,
however, more was required of them
than the operation of an electric fan
or a doorbell, fatal defects made their
appearance. The Internal resistance
was too great and the alloys made use
of became oxidized. The Newark in
ventor claims that the efficiency of his
apparatus, which he calls a dynelec
tron, is 45 per cent as compared to 8^
per cent when electric current Is gen
erated by means of the steam engine.
It is to be hoped that Ihe dynelectron
will be able to accomplish what the
steam engine and dynamo now does
not! but until such Is actually proven
t& be the case we • are inclined to be
rather skeptical of the ability this
new" device. — Omaha Bee.
Newark Inventor Claims That His
-New "Dynelectron" Makes Enor
mous Increase of Current.
WHERE THE HOLLANDERS
HAY'E A 3IONOPOLY
ELECTRICITY TO BE HAD •
DIRECT FRO3I COAIi.
The greater part of his dally duties
consists of reading off pay checks, and
he keeps two clerks busy checking off
.the^ayrolls and ten clerks equally busy
making out the checks. The work is
one that requires absolute accuracy,
the slightest mistake meaning a loss In
dollars find cents,' and since he has
been thus employed Conway has made
but one slight error. The pay checks
read by Conway one month recently
totaled 42,000, and this was done with
out a single error. The checks are
written by ten different clerks and, of
course, are in „ ten entirely different
styles of writing. This is one of the
most important particulars to be con
sidered in order to realize Conway's
accomplishment. "Were the checks all
written In the same hand the reader
would soon become accustomed , to the
style and learn to read it as readily' as
printed words, but the different checks
are so mixed that almost every one he
reads is made out in handwriting.dif
ferent from the preceding, one. The
proper reading of each check Involves
the pronunciation of from twenty to
twenty-four words, and Conway says
that he can read about 1300 checks an
hour. As has b»n explained, however,
the4readlng of the check requires great
care and accuracy, and is very differ
ent from "sight j reading of a . book or
newspaper as a featf Another thing to
be taken into consideration la the great
variety of names that he is called on
to". "decipher and pronounce In reading
the checks.— New York ; CommerciaL
Conway's claim for unparalleled
rapidity of speech Is almost incredible,
but hundreds of friends can testify as
to his wonderful vocal powers. He says
that by actual count he can speak at
the rate of 1084 words a minute, or
about eighteen words a second. ¦-' Jj
Conway claims that he can talk 63,040
words an hour, and that he can and
has talked Incessantly- eight hours a
day for nine consecutive days without
any ill effects. He also expresses the
belief that he can exceed this remark
able record, -j
In addltloYi to his remarkable rapid
ity of speech Conway's voice has a
range of nearly four octaves, the aver
age range of the human voice being
about two octaves. S
The champion fast talker of the world
has been discovered In Baltimore. He
is Lloyd • Conway, about 30 years old,
and. holding a clerkship in the Balti
more and Ohio ofnces v in that city. He
claims that he holds the talking record,
and in support of his claim he has Is
sued a Challenge to every man. woman
and child in the world to a long-dis
tance talking contest.
Baltimore Man Can Talk Eight Hours
at the Rate of 65,040 Words
Per Hour.
CHA^fPION FAST TAL.KER
OF THE WHOLE WORLD
\
The Russian Peasant.
The truth is that the Russian peas
ant, 100,0.00,000 of him, is under pres
ent conditions slowly starving .to
death. His average earnings in the
central provinces are 17 and 18 ko
pecks (8 to 9 cents) a day through
out of the year; during the busiest har
! vest time they rise to an average of
27 to 36 kopecks (13 to 16 cents) a day;
.during the whole .. winter _he and his
family, earn nothing. His "diet con
sists of meal, flour and grits, cabbage
and potatoes; no meat, excepting three
times a year. His diet is insufficient,
' and less than in any civilized country.
• The hovel .he lives in is two and a
j half yards long. and one and one-half
yards high, harbojlng the whole. f am- i
ily and whatever cattle he possesses. !
These data are taken from 'official
; sources. • ; .Wjki'..
i Is it a_ woiyjer that the Russian peas
ant has morally. and physically degen
j erated? TJiati the women are immoral,
| dreading maternity, and given to a
frightful extent 'to infanticide? That!
the men arc nomads, leaving wives
and children for months, often years,
trying to earn something in town or
in far away districts? That the re
cruiting in these central provinces
shows progressively physical unntness
for the army? That the health of the
i women is bad, and that' the rate of
! increase in the- population in this
j "black-earth belt" has. dropped to .26,
against 1& , in' the whole empire? — j
| Harper's Weekly. !
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON,
Second Feet*
DATE.
! 1903. 1904.
I May 1.... 13,450 28.380
(May 2 13,450 27,940
(May 3 .13,450 27.500
. May 4 '• • • 13,450 27-.060
May 5 •• 13,450 26.620
May 6 ". 1.1,450 26.1S0
May 7 13,110 25,300
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet.
DATE. : ¦
1903. 1904.
May 1 6400 3960
May 2 7440 3570
May 3 .". 7440 3570
May 4 8150 4454
May 5 8870 5730
May -6 8870 '8510
|May 7 OO'O 10.720
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
I Second Feet.
DATE* 1
1903. 1904.
May 1 5000 293S
May 2.... ; 6780 2687
', May 3.../ 6530 2854
May 4 7300 351ft
¦ May 5 " wo 47GO
• May 6 7910 6430
May 7...; 0250 8220
TULE RIVER, NBAR PORTERVILLE.
Second Feet.*
1903. 1904.
Mayl..... ..;..;'...... '380 ; 235
: May 2 r.: 415 260
May 3 450 260
May 4 450 260
May 5. 450 2S5
May 6 450 315
May 7 .... ....:. ..... ... 450 315
The following table gives a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet p*r
second, or second feet. ' The figures for the
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by . S; . G. Bennett,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
ko\rOP CALIFORNIA RIVERS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY -15, : 190S.
47
BEAITTIFUL ROSE CUNAH.
See the Full Pftge Picture OP
"THIS CHARMING BEA17IT
in the v
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
One of the Most Remarkable
Girls In the West.;
ROOMS TO LRT — Fnrn. and Dnfnra.
SCOTT, 1721— Large, sunny, famished room
• for ore or two gentlemen; reasonable.
SEVENTEENTH 4166; nr Market — Larre. ele.
fur. Eu.-.njr room; batb. gaa, do*., piano. $8.
SHIPLEY. 195— Nioely furnished room, with
use of kitchen; man or woman; J5 month.
EiXTEENTIL 2S22— Sunny furnished room for
one or two. .
" SMALL room for rent; cheap j private; good
locality. Addreae box 8490. Call offlee.
BUTTER, 427— Front rooms, large and small;
rurr.y. phone; rents reaEonable.
BUTTER C22 — Sur.r.y front rooms; hot acd
cold wiltr end bath; terms reasonable.
FirfTER. 1C33 — Three furnished rooms to let.
' THE ST. KATKHTX, KE. oor. Leavenwortii
• Bjii Ellis — Eunnltst rooms In the city; new
hote'.; Just furr.lshed fr««h and clean; hair
•• mattresses !n every room; also hot and ocld
water, baths, etc.; steam heat throughout;
* elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence; rocnss from <8 per week wp. ¦
TAtLOR, 139 — Nice sunny furnished roomm;
free bath and i>h«ne.
THIRD. CT,5— Single room; r**: bstllij IS.
TREAT ave., 616 — 3 room* with pastry ao&
closet.
TURK. 121S — Sunny furnished doable, also
cr;>. front room.
•••UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rccm*. STrc to $1 n'.gbt. $ 1 75 to $3 week; elec-
tric lights <r.o (ra»), running water in every
room: el'vatcr.read.-rocm; fr*e but: bagsasre.
VAN NESS. 40T— Fur^hed front room; suit-
able for 2 gentlemen.
VAN NESS are.. C19 — EJeeant Trout parlors
and aejolr.lns: suite for office or club.
VALENCIA. C1&— Xiee'.y furn'.shed front room,
syttable for one cr two gentlemen; rent rea-
sonable. '
SU NESS ave.. E12— New. elegantly furnished
¦nit* for 3 gent*, doctor or dentist; corner
house; modern; also one single room.
WJL'Hia'X'EH, C9 — Large suney room.
WINCHESTER Hote!, 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
»e to *1 50 Right; *2 to JS week; elevator;
elec. lights: readicg-room; free bui; baggage.
WOLF Houae. Cf>2 Sixth st- — Rooms from ISO
to (1 per ntght end frcra »Oc to $5 per w»ek.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subecriptior.s received at
CaM branch office, cor. Duncan & Church su.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisement* and subscriptions has been
cpen^d at 100S Market Et-. opposite Fifth.
Open actll II p. m.
BOOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL MONTBOSE
1C20 Van Nees ave.. ccrner Geary, has been
thoroughly remodeled and renovated and will
be cenducted es a first-class family hotel.
MRS. H. OPPENHEIMER. Prep.
hotel Baltimore!
XClfi VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FXR8T CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 7ML
TirREE beautirully furnished eunny corner
rooms fcr couple «r family, with excellent
board In private family; modern house In
Western Addition; references. Box S475. Call.
ELEGANTLY furnished rocra: good board; for >
per.rlernan ar.d wife or gentlemen: a'.l con- {
veaierces: choice location. Box 34C3. Call.
EQXXT alcove; running water: with board;
m private family; very reasonable. Box I
ZSH. Call office.
GEART. 1003 — Sunny, desirable room, with i
.beard; home cock's;.
HOTEL ajiaulw. 1105 Hyde »t. corner Cali-
fornia — Siinny eultes ; board Al; rammer rates I
GfEBEERO. 220 — Front, bay-window room; |
„ board for two; also 6ingle room.
MASON, C15A— Table board In private fam-
ily.
liOOJ* and 3 rr.eals day. $18 to $20 per month;
private famiiy. iO21 "Washington, nr. Mason.
ROOMS AND HOARD WASTED.
WANTED — By mechanic, room and two meals
a day ia private family: also space in base-
ment for email work bench: etate price and
particulars. Box 2O07, Call office. i
HEi-'PECTABLE youcj? man wishes board with ;
••¦ni-iil.r famliy;-best refe. Box S*&S. Call. |
11COMS and board wanted by mother and i
* daughter; one cr two rooms. Box 3138, Ca.l.
" HO JMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN wants Flnple sunny rorm; cen-
tral location. Ilex "212. Call office.
KITCHEN and living-room, furnished or un-
fernUhc-6; $10-520; downtown. Box 3S70.Call.
MAN and wife want 2 housekeeping rooms.
-Box 3435. Call office.
¦\VANTEIiT-A furnished room cut of town;
handy to car. Box SS^S, Call office.
VXFURNTSHED room wanted. Box 3752, Call
office.
•¦WANTED — A rirsr.y room; state price. Bex
I*i3. Call effice.
' STABLES TO LET.
JUISSION. 292ft— 34 stalls, eultable for milk
Hlcpot; cement floor; loft capacity 150 ton; i
low rer.t.
FTJl'R stalls and wagon room. 4200 18th St., I
corner Collins-wood.
XV I>ET — J f-tails. 2410 Harrison St., bet. I
20th *ind 2 let.
machines a.vd suppliks.
YOU MAKE A MISTAKE
If you bay a eewlr.K machine ¦without firrt
* ican*iining the "White." which makex both
the lock and chain rtitch; has finest furniture
.and full ball-bearir.g stand; Is made in txth
'rotary and vibrating shuttl* styles; runs
!:shf*t. lasts lor-grst and Is acknowledged to
t*> th«j king of ail Sewing Machines. City
offices. 300 Post et.. lfcll Filmore ft. and 7ufc
Valencia et.
X>CMESTIC — The machine fcr family, use;
text Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
acy rrlce; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Doiteitlc effice. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
ttETY HOME— See cur new triple-feed raa-
cfc'nes: sllthtly used; $10 $15 $20; second-
hand. $3 5.". $?: all styles; guaranteed. New
• Home frfwirc "achinp Co.. 1OS1 Market st.
* rronACB axo waiikhouses.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & VaT?"o?rrurnItureT
bcustbold goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
721 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 16L
A— GILBERT & ETOLL Storage Co.; storage,
parkin*. rhi;-}j!r.R -warehouse. G. G. acd Van
Nt-gy; ofScg IlTd Market, r. 43; te.l.South 750
PjrRCE-UODCLr-H Storage & Moving Co.. ->f-
fice Port and l'oweli f t.s.; tel. Priv. Ex, XI. \
CCNKLJVS P»or*6<!— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 233 Golden Gate ave.: phoae East 12A.
GOLDEN West Etorage: advances made. S40
.. Mission St.: tel. Howard Otl. F. W. Zehfust.
PACIFIC Rtnraite and F*urc!tur* Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore rt. : phoae Jackson 2S1.
EEKINS Va.n and Storage Co.. 11 Montgome-y
St.- t»1 1«4fl r MrnhT «t rut rste, !
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat -
meet fr»» Dt Cotttnjrham 204 Batter rt.
SPECIAL KOTICES.
Ladles! Cfclchester*s English Pennyroyal Pifii
. are best: eafe. reliable; take no other Send 4e ¦
rtamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies' '
In letter by return mail. Ask your dru«iEt_ '
Ch'.chester Chemical Co.. Phlladglnhla. Pa! j
BOZT23S FOB EAL2.
ERNE'S fcr ta>— Notice is hereby given that
cealed bid* will be "received until 2 o'ciock
p. m.. Eaturday. May 28. 1&04. by the Boaxd
of Ccctrol of the Territory of Arizona, at Ui«
offic« of said board in the City of Phoenix.
Arliozia for the sale of Ten Bonds of the
denomination of One Thousand Dollars eacb
bearing date January 1, u.oi, <jue and pay-
able January 1. 1*54, bearing interest at ihe
rate cf five per c * n t (5%) per annum, optional
After twcnty-Cve. years. Issued by the Ter-
ritory of Arixona. in accordance with the
provisions of Act No. i3 cf the Twenty-sec-
ccd LegirlatJve Assembly of said Territory
and wtiicb act has been approved by the
Congress of the United States. Interest oa
said bonds will be paid eemi-ansually on
the firrt day of Jaouary and July of eacn
rear, acd both principal and Interest payable
In ecld coin cf th« United States at the of-
fice of the Treasurer of said Territory, a
certified check of a responsible back for 9
per cent of the amcunt of the bid. payable
. . to the order of E- E. Klrkland. Territorial
Treasurer, and a ccpy of this advertisement
most accompany eacb bid. Failure of bidder
to make pnymest in full opun allotment and
tender of bonds will I* considered a cancel-
lation cf the bid and forfeiture of the check
§ accompanying tha same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
crust be sealed and addressed to the Board
<". Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and marked
"Proposals tor purchase cf Insane Asylum
Bosda."
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally rood No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Emltb 'Premier. $23; other typewriters at
hlicher and lower prices; rentals $3 50. The
. Typewriting Exchange, tap California et.
A FEW goad typewriters at tSOeachi ret par-
ticulars of L. * M. ALEXANDER, 110 Moot-
comery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, rtpatredT
Webster Typewriter Incpec Co.. 508 Market.
DrVIPBJfP - KOTICEa.
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Borne Build-
ing Society. 6th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
bulldinr. 708 -Market St.. opposite Third—
For the half year nilntl 31st of December,
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
: DAT. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIQ. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No, ». 0 per cent, now due and pay-
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 403 Mont-
romery st. room 6. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE — Office of Insurance Commissioner.
San Francisco. Cal.. May II, 1904 — Having
ascertained that the capital stock of the
Union Surety and Guaranty Company has
become Impaired, and that said company has
become insolvent within the true Intent and
meaning of the insurance laws of the State
of California. I have this day revoked its
certificate of authority, previously granted,
as provided In section COO of the Political
Code, and notice is hereby given that said
company Is no longer authorized to transact
the business of Insurance within this State.
E. MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
STUTTERING' AJSD STABtMaRIN O.
MEXSm?RN'E^lnetitute. Van Ness & Market,
promises cure If lr. fair health: hours 1 to 5.
3rARRIAGE LICENSES.
Th« following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
George M. Tehan. 33. S00 Jonea street, and
Rom C. Marshall. 25, 890 Jones street.
Horace G. Rice. S3, Presidio, and Grace R.
MacCashln. IS. Stockton.
Battlrta Cloeca, 28. Los Angeles, and Angela
Camozzl, 28. 251 Pacific street.
Alfred Carapergue, 21. 818 Pacific street, and
Louise Maraval, 18, 641 Jackson street.
Artcne Souxa. So. 44 Third street, and Maria
B. Vicira, 17. 44 Third street.
Ramon Silva. 25. 1300 Stockto^etreet. and
Florinda Ferrer. 26. 806 Vallejo street.
Samuel Tatton, 21, city, and Alice Beneke,
13, city. .
Angelo Furno.' 28, B2S Vallejo street, and
Fellcina Molina. 19. 528 Vallejo street.
GuEtave A, Kratxer. S3, Tesla, and ilaTraret
H. Stephens, 25, Tesla.
Walter L. Parrlsh. 23. Stockton, and Nettle
J. Merrill. 22, Stockton.
Christopher MUlerj 38, 121 South Park, and
Violet M. Parker. 24. St. Thomas. Ontario. Can
Alejandro Luna. 25. 1412 Powell etreet. and
Carmen Parrott, 18, 14l2 Powell street.
Albert W. Spencer. 21, 032 Powell street,
and Georgia Ashley, 18. Sacramento.
David Cafferata. 28, 19 Lafayette place, and
Maria Cataiano, 20. 324 Vallejo street.
Harry K. Sledge, 22. 420 Leavenworth street,
and Blanche H. Gross, 22. Erie, Pa.
Carles Zlcke, 60. 18 Sycamore avenue, and
Anna Nadltr. 50. New York City.
E1RTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in st either of the publication offices and. be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
! sens authorized to have the came published.
{ Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
j BOUERY— In this city. May 7. 1904, to the
wife of Pierre Bouery, a daughter.
CANTUA— In this cltj'. May 10. 1904, to the
wife of R. S. Cantua. a son.
HARTJE— In this city. May 2, 1904, to the
wife of Henry Hartje, a son.
JOHNSON— In this city. May 4, 1906, to the
wife of Harry H. Johnson, a son.
I JTJDNICH— In this city. May 13, 1904. to the
wife of Martin Judnlch, a daughter.
KENTZEL— In this city, April 30. 1904, to the
wife of James R. Kentzel, a daughter.
LAGE— In this city. May 7. 19C4. to the wife
of H. P. Lage. a son.
LEVY— In this city. May 5, 1904, to the wife
of A. S. Levy (nee Haley), a eon.
MINER— In this city. April 25. 1904, to the
wife cf Eugene S. Miner, a son.
NOUNNAN*— In this city. May 13, 1904, to th*
wife of Charles T. Nounnan, a eon.
¦ REICHARDT— In this city. April 2S. 1904, to :
the wife of Charles M. Reichardt, a. daughter.
: ROWE— 'In this city. May 9. 1904. to the wife ;
! • of Charles H. Rowe (nee Bulman), a eon.
; ECHAFER— In this city. May 10. 1904, to the
wife of W. I. Schafer, a daughter.
STANGENEERGER— In this city, to the wife
of Edwin F. Stangenberger. a daughter.
MARRIED. ""
EHIPPY— REMBERT— In this city. May 11
1904. by the Rev. Jay William Hudson of
the Second Unitarian Church William Shippy
of San Jore and Llda L. Rembert of San
Francisco. '
DIED.
Althabegoyti.Mariane Kelly, Michael
A rr.es. Fred F. Locapo, Domenico
P.aci»ralupl, Rosle Martenet, Lee M.
ISegeman. Herman McCall, Patrick
lJoas. Arfolrh Mitchell, John T.
Hoyee. Elizabeth Montgomery. Mary
Bryon. Mary Ann Munsil. Laura
Cattcn. Anna M. Narano. Mary
tvhen. Caroline . Pengelley. H. E. H.
Clark. Jchn Schaumloffel. Eva
Darts, William Fhanaran, Daniel
Dovad. Sophie Hherrett, Julia
Ih-ewes. John A. Sibley. Mary H.
Hrlscoll. Michael Simpson, John H.
Gorham. Ann E. Steengrafe J. H. ¦
Heyman, Jacob Tobener, Henrietta
Huetlmantel. B. Turton, Frank N.
Hutte. Mary A. Wass. Dyson D
Kukar, Maria Whelan, Frank J.
Karr, ' John
AUKS- In t»s city. May 14, 1904. Fred F.
Aim-s, a native of Belfast. Maine, aged 53
y ars 7 months and S days.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'cl'ick. from the funeral
parlors of Porter & Wh!t*». 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
ALTHAliEGOYTI— In thi« city. May 13. 1904,
Marian* Althabegoyti. beloved sinter of Mrs.
Louise Le Qulne, Mrs. Josephine Coussin,
lira. Marguerite Fondeville and Mxa. Augus- !
tine EchPccpard. a native of France, aged ;
80 years 2 months and 12 days. i
E7"The funeral v.-ill take place to-morrow '
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock from her late res- i
ldenc«\ 1147 Silver avenue, thence to All
Hallows Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
at 9 o'clocvk. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BACIGALUPI — In this city. May 14, 1004,
Kosle, dearly beloved daughter of Peter and :
Rosle Baclgalupl and loving sister of Sophie,
Peter Jr.. Mary and Joseph Badgalujil
Esther. George and Fannie Adams and Mrs
L. F. Douglau. a native of Peru, aged IS
years 10 months and 17 days.
CFuneral takes place to-morrow • Mon- j
day. May 16. 1904. at 10 o'clock a. m.. from
1 the residence of her parents. 1615 Jackson' !
street, .between Polk and Van Ness avenue.
Interment private. . j
BEGEMAN— In French Gulch, Cal., May 12 I
ir#»4. Herman Begeman, a native of Mis- i
eouri. aged 27 years.
¦¦ C7Fri<*nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
at Metzler*s parlors. Washington street, near
I Kearay/ Monday, May 16, at 10 o'clock.
! BOAS— In this city. May 14, 1904, Adolph, be-
loved son of Judah Boas, and brother of
Minnie. Nat. Benjamin, Charlea and Stella
Boas, a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years and 11 months.
CTTriecds are respectfully Invited to at- ;
tend the funeral services to-day (Sunday), at
2 o'clock, at his late residence, 1283 O"Far-
re-ll street. Interment private.' Please omit
flowers.
BOYCE— In this city, May 14, 1901, Elizabeth
beloved wife of the late Patrick Boyce, and
i loving mother of Mary Boyce, Mrs. E. Kelly
i and Mrs P. H- Reardon. a native of County
; -vVf-xf ord. Ireland, aged 72 years.
ITJ?'Not!ce of funeral hereafter.
BRYON— In this city,. May 14, 1904, Mary
Ann beloved daughter of Benjamin and the
late Elizabeth Bryon, and sister of Henry
H., Albert E.. Ella. Elizabeth and Lillian
Bryon and Mrs. Alice GarrHt, a native of;
FUNERAL MUSIC VOCAL
Slngera supplied for funeral services. Either
solo, duet or male quartet furnished at short
notice. Had much experience. Address Di-
rector. D. M. LAWRENCE, 641 Turk street.
Phone East 1079.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
JTCNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMERS.
SO Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln ' School.
- Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers— — .
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at S68 MISSION. TeL South 187. "-
Between Fourth and Fifth. Dear Firth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
F. J. Monaban. Manager. TeL Mission 81.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
KUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
2339-25C1 - Mission st.. . near Nineteenth.
•. Eao Ftaaclsea.
Ban Francisco, aged SS years 8 months and
16 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the borne of
; her sister, , Mrs. Alice Oarrett. . 129. Valley
street, between Dolores and . Church, • thenoe
to Epworth M. E. Church, ooraer 1 Twenty-
sixth and Church streets where services
will be held at 1:80 o'clock. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by •lactrlq funeral
car from oorner of Thirtieth street and San
Jose avenue.
CATTON— At rest. In Mill Valley. CaL. May
12. 1904. Anna M.. widow of J. C. Catton. a
native of London. England. • - .
C7 Funeral service* will be held to-day
(Bunday), at 1 o'clock, at Grace Episcopal
Church, corner' of Stockton and California
streets. San Francisco. Interment private.
Please omit flowers. . «
COHEN— In ' this city. May 18, 1904, Carolina
Cohen, beloved mother of Max, Louis, Ellas,
Alfred. Sam and Fannie Cohen, and Mrs. E.
Pinto, a native of Wreechen. Germany, aged
70 years and 7 days. - (Portland, Seattle and
New York papers please copy.) ¦¦¦'
C7Frlenda and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:43 o'clock, from her lato resi-
dence, 1419 Scott street. Interment New
Salem Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. Please omit
flowers.
CLARK— In this city. May 13, 1904. John
Clark, a native of Ireland, aged 35 years.
DAVIS— In this city, May 10, 1904. William
Davis, beloved father of William E., Ame-
lia, Lottie and Clara Davis, a native of Vir-
ginia, aged 64 years.
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, May 15. at 12 o'clock, at Zton
Church, on Stockton street, near Sacramento.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DOVAD— In this city. May • 13, 1904, Sophie
Dovad, beloved mother of Gus Dovad, a
native of Germany, aged 80 years and 3
months.
ICTt'i-lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, at the Church of
the Seventh Day Adventlsts 918 Laguna
etreet. near McAllister. Remains at th«
mortuary chapel of James Hagan & Co., 49
and 51 Duboce avenue (formerly | Thirteenth
street), near Valencia. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
DREWES— In this city. May 14. 1904, John
Albertus Drewes, dearly beloved son of
; Claus and Margaretiia Drewes, and brother .
of William and Emll Drewea, and the late
Ida Ellse- Drewes, a native, of California, 1
agred 11 years 6 months and 12 days.
ty Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents 701 Bryant street,
thence to St. Paul" a Lutheran Church.. 1419
Howard street, where funeral services will
be held at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
DRISCOLL— In this city, May 11. 1901.
Michael Driscoll, husband of the late Cath-
erine Driscoll, and father of U. J.. T. J..
Mary and Kate Driscoll. a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 74 years.
CRemaim at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Miselon street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment pri-
vate.
GORHAM— In Fort Bldwell. Modoo County,
Cal., May 10. 1904, Ann E. Gorham, widow
of the late Charles E. Gorham, and mother
of Wesley T. Gorham and Mrs. A. C. Low-
ell, a native of Nantucket. Mass.. aced 75
years 6 months and 27 days.
C7Funeial services wlU be held to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, at the chapel of
N. Gray & Co., 357 Sutter street. Interment
private.
HEYMAN— In this city. May 13. 1004, Jacob,
beloved bucband of Llna Heyman. beloved
father of Mrs. Joseph L. Emanuel, and Oscar,
Olga. Roselle and Alvln Heyman, and brother
of Mrs. Ernestine Newman, - a native of Ar-
genau, Germany, aged 66 years and 7
months.
nET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence, 2705 California street. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
HUELLMANTEL— In this city. May 13, 1904.
Bernard Huellmantel, beloved father of Mrs.
F. X. Steften and- Mrs. H. Scholten and
grandfather of Sister Amanda and Sister
Leonella of St. Joseph's Home and Sister
LouUa Marie of Notre Dame Convent, a
native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 79 years
9 months and 21 days. A member of the
Third Order of 'St. Francis.
B_^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend a requiem high. mass,
'which will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul to-morrow, Monday, at 9 o'clock
a. m.. at St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue, between Jones and Leavenworth
streets. Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Pleaso omit flowers.
HUTTE— In this city. May 14. 1904, Mary A.,
beloved wife of the late James E. Hutte,
and dearly beloved mother of John F. and
Arthur Hutte. . Mrs. P. Doran, Mrs. Walter
Doran and Mrs. G. McGrath, a native of
. Canada, aged 64 years 2 months and 10 days.
KARR— In this city, May 13, 1904, John, be-
loved husband <-*)f Matilda H. Karr, and'
father of John *N. Karr, a native of New
York, aged 64 years' (J months and 20 days.
A member of Alvlso Lodge No. 77, A. O. U.".
W.. and Laborera' Union. Local Nol 8944.
C7" Friends; and acquaintances _re respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from the funeral
parlora of Porter & White, 423 Golden Oato
avenue. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
KELLY— In the City and County Hospital
May 14, 1904, Michael Kelly, a native of Ire-
land, aged* 49 years.
KUKAR — In this city. May 14 1904 Maria
Kukar. dearly beloved wif<» of 'John'Kukar.
. beloved mother of Annie M., Sophia L and !
Rosie A. Kukar. and sister of John. Frank. !
Josephine and Joseph Ogelein and Mrs. |
Urzula Kukar, a native of Austria, aged
25 years 8 months and 6 days. ;
LOCAPO— In this city. May 12, 1904. Domen- j
lco, beloved husband of Glovannina Locapo, i
a native of Italy, aged 38 years and 8
months.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Washington-
square Hall, where services will be held un-
der the auspices ot-La Meridionale Society.
Interment Italian Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of Valente, Marlnl i & Co., 1524
' Stockton Etreet.
MAUTEXET- In this city. May 13, 1904, Lee
m Morton, eon of Jefferson and Marie Louise ;
, Martenet, a native of San Francisco Cal., I
aged 33 years.
C^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Sunday), at '
Jl o'clock, at the chapel at Mount Olivet
Cemetery. Remain* at the funeral parlors
of Bunker & Lunt, 26fi« Mission street (Mis-
sion Masonic Temple), between Twenty-sec-
ond and Twenty-third.
McOALli— In this city, Friday, May 13, 1904.
Patrick McCall. beloved husband of Anas-
tasia Cunningham McCall, and father of
Mary, Emma and Beatrice McCall. a .native
of County Cavan, . Ireland, aged 77 years 1
month and 26 days. (Napa, Cal., and Elko
Is'cv.. papers please copy.)
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day j
<Rund»v), at 2 o'clock, at St. Joseph's
Church. Residence. 2130 Oxford street. In- I
terment Et. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. ;
MITCHELL— In Pctaluma, CaL. May 10, 1904,
John T., eldest and dearly beloved son of
Mary Waters,* a native of San Francisco.
MONTGOMERY— In this city. May 14, 1901.:
Mary E. Montgomery, beloved mother ofJ
Mrs. George Haldorn. a native of Pennsyl-
vania, aced 47 years.
MUNoIL— In this city. May 13, 1904. Laura, .
beloved wife of John Munsil, mother of Lole
Munsil, and daughter of B. F. Gwynne of
Auburn, Cal.. a native of California, . aged
H yean 10 months and- 27 days. *-¦. ••
EJTFrltnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited -to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the -Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
. electric funeral car from corner of Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets, at 2 o'clock.
NASANO — In- this city. May 4. 1004," Mary, :
dearly beloved ' daughler of j Giovanni and
Catherine Nasano. and sister of Arthur, Au-
gust, Louis and Lena Nasano, a native of
Kan Francisco, aged ' 4 years 11 months and
14 days. _ — •
ETKriends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parent!*. 24 Lapidge street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, .Valencia ¦ and
Guerrero. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by electric car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero steers.
PENGELLEY— In this city. May 13 1904
Harold E. H. PenKelley. beloved husband of
Creesy E. Pengelley, and father of Ruth M
and Katherine M. Pengelley, a native of
Guernsey, England, aged 25 years 5 months
and 21 days. . ,'
(C^ Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-dav
(Sunday), at 1 :.'!0 o'clock, .from the home i
of his parents, 2432 Howard street, between :
Twentieth and Twenty-first. Interment!
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage. i
SCHAUMLOFFEL— In this city, May 14 I
l»04. Eva I Schaumloffel. beloved - daughter
of Minnla and the late William Schaum '
loffel. and sieter of Emma, Carrie, Dora and '
William Schaumloffel. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 11 months and 13 days.
SHANAHAN— Friends and acquaintances ar«
respectfully invited to attend a requiem mass '
for the late Daniel Shanahan at St. James !
Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero streets
to-morrow (Monday), af8 o'clock. "'
SHERRETT— In this city, May. 12, 1904. Julia
¦beloved wife of Thomas Sherrett. and mother
of D. T., W. H. and I^-na Sherrett, a native
~-ot County Kerry, - Ireland, aged 71 years 2
months and 2 days. ,
CrFrienus and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her late !
residence, 434 Twenty-ninth street, - thence !
to St. Paul's Church for services at 12!
o'clock. Interment -. Holy Ctoeh Cemetery
BIBLE Y— In this city. May 14, 1904* Mary H
Sibley. sister of H. T. - Hutchison," a native'
of Lebanon. Conn. ¦ ¦ .
BIMPSON— la this city. May 14, '1904, John '
H.. beloved con of Elizabeth Simpson and
/the late John H. Simpson, and brother of
' Richard J. Simpson, a. native of New York ,
City, aged 25 years and 7 months, r 1
CARD OF THANKS. .
v ¦ Mrs. Josephine Fos, widow, 4 and Raymond
Fos, brother, of the late beloved Isidore Fos.
extend their slncerest thanks to the numerous
friends who testified their sympathy and re-
grets ¦ In the late bereavement which befell
j them by their kind tokens of remembrance;
also to those who participated at the last
ceremony for the repose of his soul.
STEENGRAFE— In Almaden, Cal.. near Ban
Jo«e, May 13. 1004, Johannes H., dearly be-
loved husband ' of Louise - Steenerafe, .father
,of "Eddie and' Roy Steengrafe, and .brother
of Herman Steenerafe. a native of Vegesack,
Germany, aced 89 years . 8 J months and IS
days. ¦. . - . . . . . •
(E7Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Druids 1 Hall,
where services will be held under ta» aus-
pices of San Francisco Lodge No. LO. d.
H. a. Cremation L O. O. F. Cemetery.
TOBENER— In this elty, May 14. 1804. 'Hen-
rietta E., beloved daughter of 'Mary *nd
the late Charles Tobener, a native of Ne-
vada aged 20 years and 0 days.
TURTON— In this city. May 14. 1904, Frank
N. : Turton, a native of Hawaii, aged 29
years.
WASS— In this city. May 14, 1904, Dyson D.
Was*, aged *v years. . , ¦
P^Notlc* of funeral -hereafter.. ¦ •» .
Members of San Francisco Lodge No. S, B.
P. O. Elks, are hereby notified to attend the
. - funeral of our late brother, D. XXTi Wass. on
Monday afternon, at 1 o'clock' sharp, from
Elks' Hall. ' By order
JOHN S. PARTRIDGE, Exalted Ruler.
WHELAN— In this city. May 14. 1904, Frank
3. Whelan. a native of San, Francisco, i
C7* Remains at the parlors of Valente, Ma-
rlnl & Co., 1524 - Stockton street. , .
mn supplement
IT IS FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL
<4 In the Pasture."
"In the Pasture," by Julien Jos, presents a rare combination of pictorial and artistic qualities.
In it the artist has displayed exceptional. ability in three directions— as a landscapist, a figure painter
and an animal painter. His varied talents are so evenly balanced and so harmoniously combined in
this picture that it would be a difficult matter to decide which he has painted best — the cattle, the
young peasant woman who is caring for their wants or the landscape which serves as a setting for
both. It has 'other qualities which are not the result of the artist's skill as a painter, but which
are the expression of his thought and feeling.
There is a vieor and brilliancy to be observed in the effect of sunlight, and he has jrfven a
vivacity to the movements of the animals and the action of the figure.
In the' grass and foliage of the landscape there is abundant detail, but it is painted with a frank.
sure touch, free from any suggestion of labored uncertainty in his methods of painting. All this com-
bines to give in the picture an agreeable effect of truth and lifelikeness.
The cattle are oarticularly well drawn and painted.
It has been said that pictures of horses are less apt to^ please than representations of 'cattle
or sheep, for the reason that horses are generally more closely observed by the public, and defects
in the drawing of these animals are more quickly noted, while in paintings of cattle such defects are
overlooked, provided there is agreeable color and a picturesque quality of roughness in the painting
to conceal them. ,
In this painting by Julien Jos there has been no attempt to avoid difficulties. Forms are well
denned, values are truthful and colors wejl observed. There is evidence everywhere of the
artist's comprehensive study, from the blades of grass in the foreground to details of the figure
and the animals.
There is a satisfying sense of completeness, and yet he has shown how to subordinate part*
of his picture to gain unity of subject-
It is scientific, rather than emotional painting, and yet is not lacking in feeling and spirit.
Julien Jos is a native of Belgium and has his studio in Brussels. He is a pupil of the cele-
brated cattle painter, Franz de Beul, and is, to some extent, a follower of Julien Dupre:
He was awarded a silver medal at the Brussels Universal Exposition and medals at exhibi-
tions, held in Ghent, Antwerp and other European cities. His work is almost as well known and
appreciated in America as in Europe.A person usually begins to lose
height at the age of SO, and at the age
of 90 has lost at least one and a half
inches. , - _
Pens are polished with emery powder
in a large 1 revolving drum.
The annual picnic of St. Luke's Sun
day school will be held at Fernbrook
Park next Saturday. Tickets for the
picnic may be obtained either at the
Ferry building or at the St.^ Luke's
Sunday school. Boats will • leave the
ferry at 9 o'clock In the morning and
return shortly after 4 in the after
noon. ;
Sunday School Will Give Picnic.
Rudolph Barth, watchmaker and Jeweler, 134
Sutter at. (upstairs). Watch and jewelry repair
ing . a . ipeclalty. Careful attention ¦ paid to re
salrlns French - clocks. Phone Bed '. 1221.'. * ,
John Moody seritericed yester
¦day_ t6 : serve one 'year. in'Sari Quentin.
During a quarrel 1 on December 30 he
shot Joseph ' Glllin, a watchman . em
ployed at' the Chutes. ' " -
Mood y Is f Sentenced.'
H. E.-Senteny, ;the conductor of one
of the • Bryant street cars ,ttiat was in
collision 'at the i corner of Bryant and
Alameda streets" early Thursday morn
ing, died.' yesterday afternoon ;at*- StI
Mary's Hospital from his injuries. -Sen
teny.was on the car that was run Into,
and he sustained a fractured skull. He
was 31 years of age and resided atyiO37
San Bruno avenue.- • •
Injured Conductor Dies.
Old People's Home" Officers.
At the ¦ annual meeting held
Wednesday at the Old People's Home
the officers elected to serve for the en
suing y$ar were: President,' Mrs. Eu
gene Breifee; first vice president, Mrs.
C. C. Wa ; dsworth;' second vice presi
dent, Mrs., F-. C" Norman; third vice
president, 'Mrs. F. M. Ames;, secre
tary, Mrs. j; Alva Watt; treasurer, F.
William H. Dick; superintendent arid
chaplain, Rev. Charles McKelvey, D.
D.; matron, Mrs. Charles McKelvey. •
• ¦
We want hope, ; we .want i, encouragement.
Speak of good ' things. Tell your friends of (he
value of :-"Old: Gilt -'Edge Whiskey", as a rtlmu
,Iant It they.look all run; dowh.^ Wholesale at
2U>31 Battery :at.,'s: F.- Wlchman. IiUtgeniCo."
? *} The Don't* 1 Worry ": club ' gave a(plc
hic to' 'M_lii;~y alley .last .Tuesday . th^at
was': greatly:' enjoyed., Thie^ trip*'; was
managed' so Vth'af\ the, 'greater' "parV of
the \, day / was/,'spent\*in "Mill 'Valley,
where luncheon^was; served. ' ' .'
l)on't ¦.,Worry : Cliib Gives' Picnic.
The regular annual, picnic ; of St.
John's parish will take place next Wed
nesday at Sunset Park, ¦ Santa. Cruz
Mountains. The committee of arrange
ments is working to make^this reunion
one of the most attractive of the sea
son. Already many valuable gate and
game prizes have been secured. The
cost of the round trip will be f 51 for
adults and 50 cehtB for children. The
train will leave .Third/ arid '.Townsend
streets at',9:10 a. m.; stopping jat Twen
ty-fifth'and Valencia streets at 9: 20; '.at
Bernal '(opposite St.' Marys' avenue)^ at
9:30 a." m/ . Returning it* will leave Sun
set Park at 5 p. m. The following com
mittees have ; charge of the" affair: '
Committee of '."arrangements— Rev.
William . J. f> Butler,"* president; • John
Mitchell, ] vice .. president;. Rev.; P.'. D.
Brady, treasurer; .Major V Joseph H.
Weeplear, secretary. ».
Printing coniihktee-^Rev. William J.
Butler, N. Wlenholz, Lieutenant ; I. G.
Curtin. . .- : ../¦,.;; ;'*k :f
Music committee— Thomas Cullen.
Rev. P. D. Brady, .Peter Claffey,: Major
J. H. Wesplear, Benjamin Burns,' John
Mitchell. V-* '•;>?.- : " ~! ¦ ''¦ '¦'¦¦!'
Press committee—Rev. JV. J. Butler;
D. Cronln^ Gerald .Mouille... ; i'-t£}'.
Dancing commlttee--Captaln Thomas
'O'Day, 'floor manager; Sergeant George
Wienholf, assistant- floor manager^ V l
Floor committee^T. J. : Curtin,S' John
Shehan, L; Taylor^ W. • Lee, H. Huling,
W. McKeon Jr., T. Hinley, Joseph Den-
All Preparations Arc Ready f^ an
On tins to Santa Cruz
: • Mountains.
Dr. J. G. Pierce of Sebastopol is at
the Grand. '
, Dr. and Mrs. Samuel Pierson of
Stanford are at the Palace. > . - .
S.' A. Perkins of Tacoma, proprietor
of several Washington newspapers, is
at the Palace.
Mr.- and Mrs. A. Pagenstecher,
wealthy residents of 'New York City,
are at the St. Francis.
F.",K.. Rule, auditor of the San Pe
dro', Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail
road," and State Senator Corny Pendle
ton arrived from Los Angeles yester
day and are staying at the Palace.
f J. W. Dickson' of Seattle, who Is
financially Interested in' the' Council
City and Sojomon River Railroad" in
Alaska, and wife arrived "from the
•north'- yesterday 'and -are- registered at
the-Grand.*. &K;: T ?
¦f : -i John', Brock, of Philadelphia, presi
&e'nCfof the Tonopah Mining .Company,
and-- of j the "railroad "now/ being con
structed • from Rhodes Marsh to the
town if of '^Tonopah,* accompanied by
Alonzo'-Tripp, j general superintendent
of ' the railroad,^arrived 'from Nevada
yesterday*, and S registered at the Pal
ace. « ¦ - ; ¦¦¦;¦• ; ¦ ; :..•¦'. . :
PERSONAL.
nlson, Fred Neinholz, *• T." T. • Greely,
Benjamin Burns, Paul Weinholz, Peter
Murray, George Paaffee.
¦; Gate committee— T."R. Huling, Cap
tain E. O'Connor, William McKeon, G.
Mouille, Thomas Myers,^ John McNer
ney.P. Grady, J. Murphy, M. Quirke,
Peter Bellmore, T. Santry. J. H. Leon
ard! P. .Woods, P. O'Rourke. \ _
.Committee on games— Captain E.
O'Connor, ' J. *Blythe, Thomas . W.
Hearty, Thomas Cullen, Thomas Hiil
ing.'D. Cronln, Thomas Nolan, George
Sheridan, James, Fay, William Collins,
Joseph Johnston, J.* Finnegan, Charles
.Martinson, P. Herbert, Thomas Greely,
M. O'Connor.
• Jig dancing— John Murphy, P. Grady,
D, ' Cronln.' -John McNerney, Peter
daffy. - ? / : ¦¦¦'• ¦ •-.- ¦ ' . •••'-: •¦."-.:., ¦.;
Hauser had sold him another. Burns
immediately got It and then determined
upon making the arrest. ' He had
learned . considerable about Hauser,
whom he had shadowed, and to-day
v.'hen he began to talk to him he soon
had Hauser. completely in' his meshes.
"Hauser is a man of ' steady habits
and saving, but In a moment of weak
ness gave way to the temptation of
fered him. He made his thefts by gath
! ering up' the "shot," as they are called,
I that splashed from the melted ' gold.
When he left the building "he put a
ccuplc of them in his mouth and in
three or four months' savings he. had
| enough to make a bar worth about
I 5200. He said he could not account for
his having begun his operations and
Eaid that he had never stolen anything
before In his life, but he took advan
; tage of his opportunities and imagined
himself perfectly secure. When he sold
.the first bar, however, he said that he
' was frightened for several days. The
same feeling came over him when he
i sold the second' bar. He then deter
j mined to stop and broke up his little
'. dentist's melting pot in which he re
. duced his gatherings into a bar."
ST. JOHN'S PARISH PICNIC •-
. • WILL BE" A BIG SUCCESS
"Hauser had been employed at the
Mint for about nine months. He came
it; under the civil .sen-ice rule and was
highly recommended. When Secret
.Service* Agent Burns came out here
from Washington to work on the Hyde
<as« I toM him we had learned that
JJauser was selling gold and he took up
th» work in his spare hours^ Tester
day the broker to whom Hauser sold
the first bar telephoned to- me that
Superintendent Leach told the story
of Hauser's detection as fellows:
LEACH'S STATEMENT.
Ilauser's arrest has disclosed a meth
od of stealing: in the Mint that is al
most beyond protection. With the
amount of gold handled daily in the
Mii<t an expert skimmer, with thieving
propesities. could steal a large amount
In a year. Frequent complaints by
mining men have been met with the
.statement by Mint officials that thiev
ery was impossible in such an institu
tion. The confession made to Secret
Service Agent Burns by Hauser proves
thiit gold can be stolen from the Mint
successfully.
• Hauser was employed by Shreve &.
Company in their melting department
prior to August last, when he secured
employment in the Mint. He is mar
ried and lives at 1J79 Union street with
his wife. He has a daughter who is
married to a mechanic employed in
fhis cltj\
For many years there have been com
plaints from mining: men throughout
California, Arizona and Mexico at the
returns received for the gold shipped to
the San Francisco Mint. There is a
slamming: charge, varying from 525 to
$100 on every considerable amount of
Reid sold there. It is said that no mat
ter how carefully a brick is cleaned at
the mines, the skimming charge is al
vays made in proportion to the weight
of the pold. Most of the large shippers
of gold prefer to send their bricks to
some private smelting company, and
claim that generally they receive more
Ci-tlsfactory returns.
HOW COLD IS TAKEN.
There is no way of ascertaining how
much Hauser has stolen during his
brief employment at the Mint. Though
only {400 in gold was traced to him, it
is believed that a much larger sum was
peddled by his agents at places where
recovery was impossible. In his con
fession he stated that in skimming the
gold sent to the Mint for sale he would
include a certain amount of gold while
dipping off the slag, and that subse
quently he would extract these globules
•and take home. There he had a
crucible, and he would remelt the
globules into bars, adding an amount
of silver sufficient to disguise the gold
from the supposition that it came from
the Mint. All minted gold of the United
States currency is utterly without sil
ver, but has a small percentage of cop
per alloy to secure it against erosion.
- Yesterday afternoon Burns was
• ailed Into the case by Superintendent
lx;ach of the Mint. Burns waited un
til Hauser quit his work and then
¦placed him under arrest. He took him
Into Superintendent Leach's office and
before he had finished the interview
Hauser had made a complete confes
sion and restored 5400, which he said
was the entire amount of his pecula
tions. Then he was taken in charge
l>y Secret Service Agent Hazen and
placed in the City Prison pending his
preliminary hearing.
AMOUNT IS UNCERTAIN*.
Another scanai! !n the San Fran
cisco Mint has broken out. Dimmick
and his theft of JS0.000 have scarcely
passed from the public mind before It
has been conclusively proved that at
le&st one of the melters h*s been sya
tematlcally stealing since August la?t,
when he first went into the employ of
the Mint The name of the latest
criminal is Albert Hauser and he waa
arrested late j-esterday afternoon by
Secret Service Agent William J. Burns.
After a two hours' interview with the
famous secret service man Hauser
confersed to the theft of MOO worth of
gold in the skimming process and
made restitution. This \ras the entire
amount recovered by George W. Haxen,
head of the local United States secret
service fore* and his assistant, Thomas
Foster. They had worked on the case
for months and ascertained that gold
v.-as being sold to various buyers by an
'utrent of Hauser. The case against
Hauser was weak and they feared to
urrest him.
Makes Restitution in Money,
but IS Arrested aiid Will
13c Prosecuted for Crinie
ADMITS SIEAUXG $100
Secret Service Agent Burns
Secures Confession From
Thief in Melting Office
GOLD IS STOLEN
FROM THE MINT
THE SAN FRANCISCO- GALL, MAY 15,; 1904.
48
Itema of general Interest ad-
vertised ln our PERSONAL
OOLXJ3IXS.
Some that may appeal to yon.
Read the BUSTS ESS FERSO5"-
AJA
ADVERTISEMENT 8.
ADVEBTTSElffENTS.
HALK'S.
I T \LE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
week was. on the aver- 1 1 g/| \ Sffi ¦ . \ J | \\%\\ & J§\ t\\ IjL '/| \ ' "'""' 1 C0^ imo ' thc Anmvcr " ry
age, busier than the week be- . Ww/Z/ffm^ V W % l)}l \\ * P fl \\\\\ /§%f J \ ! j fj/ ' ' . . " ! "
Now this shall be the ban- « In Anticipation of the June Weddings cmd in Our Endeavor to Make an Anniversary Success, Comes ~. ,. ¦ TT , Tr .
ner week of all. >T^. # S^ A- Y\ J- # ' JL « Y^ •^ W^h
French lawn w ri t ThisQreat OppoftuiiityforQif t Buyers Rgi
ing Paper 25c What is dearer to the bride's heart than cut glass? Berry Bowls. Jugs at $6.95. Lrv^W And fuIly twlcc mi
,~. V, T . . x What i<j Hpar^r tn r^oiir own than tn crivp h#»r 1 rari>r rirlipr —$2.65 To-morrow: Cut sides, large Large 3-pt. size, rich cutting, tankard f^-J 8°°d as tne Of<iinary
i (The Banner Value) wnat is aearcr to jour own tnan to give ner a rarer, licner star bottom, clear crystal glass; shape: a jug you would think worth ? . . . -,
i^- ¦ t.« «i niVrp than von evnrrtcH and onlv ' $4.50 value. ¦ -,. J12.00 or $13.50. low-priced hammock.
/TjNl Its the , same fine piece tiian you expected and only . , _ -52.45 To-morrow: ,7 in. in chrysan- Telly Dishes $2 8; Not a cheap coane-
vSNH^Ti coveted paper that sel s . - - - — - «-^ themum pattern, a deep cut and _ „ J zt y L/isnca 3 . | k
P^ ordinaril? at 3S.C \ f^lff H 51 I f t to Dn V tfi^ « would be cheap M^S^^^^-^^STg »" h « *¦
'N/ Has the fabric finish -/"\ 11 1 JUL I dClJ Lit- r H V - _««T n L,, nw . , r .a „,,„. a11 five chrysanthemums and scalloped close, canvas weave,
/ 3 .0 many like now. JTXKTKJl**, I *"?* * - ." J . -^er T SS?S^th $ n-y? SST'-tfi edges; good $4.50 value V such as bo one. is in
! ' to F eth "p^kage, 511^ 5 W& discOunt those statements an iota, , They . have been ' jnd^pjdjt™.; .the ¦ crescent " SK^^io^ the habit £ sean^t
* It's the kind of an offer Carefullv weighed. Here are possibilities for buying and giving —$3j95 To-morrow: Beautiful deep polished; splendid $5.00 value. concealed spreader —
I »or,h o[ Mng a^van- (of of a ddin ' g new beauty to your tablc or boudoir) we . n , V er of- . .S^S^SjS,^.- „,„ UtoVrX^lll
•0 a S ffiS SSS"^ " fered before. ..:¦:__::...¦;: $4.00 water Bottles ai $2.4s. K« m v.1!!t ; .Vkno"S r !S * nd shap " : °" >' ellow -
' I package. 10c. • The money you save is. : a big item. But it isn't near' as big as the 1 A new squat shape, cut side, star Su'car and Creamer $2 Another hammock at $1.40. quit*
u New Baronial envelopes. beauty and quality and character of the goods. The patterns are the new- bottom, and < beading, cut neck. . Regular value $5 00 ta SZ y A ln N 0 ! 08^.?*^!^^!'^^
I" ?^ ra^ allty « salln o «. n "- est and more elaborate than common.. Look at" the $3.95 water bottle —f3.95 To-morrow: For a cut water The large slae in all-over cut. even the tow and cmceSad »m*r
\ packagf 6c^ (six rosettes and a star bottom)-more than you usually get for $7.00. ; bottle, heavy deep cutting. 6 ro- handles cut. ( vaTue $1 75 ¦ '
¦. • These berry bowls, $2.65, arc prettier than. many.'?4.5o ones -we've seen. ¦ aettes and a star. bottom.-. Beautiful Vase $5.50. Another hammock. $1.70; caava.
R««xr RnichPfc The cuttings arc So deep and sharp and riumerousas to radiate a glitter bhallow Mappies at J ?I.35. That can't be duplicated in San Fran- TZFZJZl&J h «JSSSfr
Dliy DrUSnerS and brilliance onlv found amone the hieher erades 6-ln. ones, with handles, the kind clsco for less than $9.00. ntw SJ^^, ffm»i?M *«•*!.
. J ana Brilliance oniy louna among me nigner graaes. % . others ask $3.00 for. Used also for bon Good practical shape.9 In., well cut and Othe . r ,^, niin S cks '» H'2*n '
Atty of Them 2Z,C. An ideal off 6 ""* through and through. » . / bong, candy. Jellies, etc. nicely finished. **•«<> ana up to J9.00.
b ra Hundreds Silk Shirt=Waist Suits W^^^m^
r?' r , B "' sb "' Such prices! Such styles! Such ¦ tailoring! Such materials <t» 4 (\ '7C/V«-i£»cr 4 1 BJ ftft On AC Straw Braids 3c.
—Cloth Brushes; (taffetas, pongees; plain, fancy, changeable)! Such range of colors V/IICS *1O.UU V11CS Scarcest of all braias.
-fiff* ?Vf " ¦ ¦ (15 »• one lot, 16 in another)! Such choosing! : : ¦ ,,Z& 5.^,231 2&.!£a.S: '"'"T^'Z N^-ju" in'b?"^,,.
Ppiigilii -^d to have it come at such a time-when; women are so ST^r^TSS Sf STJ J«B «"^^»'5,? JS ISJ^P ""^
Sterling silver mountings on anxiOUS for silk dresses and when it is SO bard tO get what they bargain this • is. . \ e A \- „ All of these are trimmed In piping of Wire FrattiM i^r
everv one - Here are plain taffetas; 16 different some contrasting: color. Blouses are full. Wire rrames 14c.
It's Ann'iversarv nr we wnnMn'r want, even for a third more than We are fortunate enough tO ask. colors. Also black and white checks stock collars fancy. No matter if they are worth 2SC
it s Anniiersarj, or we wouldn t "° •;»•.*; ° bluo and white checks, fancy checks and Dresses that are certain to arouse -_j ,._ pt, ntv ' .« _ti .+ v \?.
think of doing it. \\V nwl-o tu-n Hivisintu nf thpm dashes; pleats on the front, back and more enthusiasm than any offer yet * nu J gr' * lcu .\* Vl *" » K y* c »»
_Z . We make t\\O ul Visions OI in em — sleeves; fancy collar. made. even French sailors.
P ic k e a k ?Jes Q fZe th. Trip ArotiU He World s^T- Yania Mai i. Black Taffeta Ribbons
riLKcu v a-iues 10 Mane 1 ins r . , W^TN / a *i r * r> nxr ¦ x their kind. We took all this whole-
thc Banner Week. That s the first prize -^ nA r nnAnn '.: ; Wr?*?*? {Another Great Banner Offering.) salc i mport er had on hand and
Stamped doilies 3 C 6, 8 and 9 TnSdVi^^ > ; M^ 4 °°° W* ™ y bCSt qUaHt >' in fiVC WidthS ™ d wouM^avTor^ven 5 th^commT
t >nch«. . And fifty other prizes of $10 each, that will be awarded in their, order, f all underpriced. . «? WnS X «, J« common-
K.ndcrgarten mats S c. wth for the * j The one ribbon most asked for now; the one * 3 * 5
enough silk to embroider p ret tiest Doll Dress Made From Yama Mai | you'd least expect to find at a bargain. : Bnght Roses 9c.
Hand embroidered pillow shams it> done by the manufacturers of Yama Mai to further increase the already ). Aq — JVo. 5 IOC — No. 22 ,. -. nn Pink, white, tea. Just the colors
SOC pair. Hemstitched bor- remarkable sales of that splendid 45c silk Hale's have control of in San Fran- J^ Q _ ,*. «/» ¦ •_ fif| lOC — NO. 80 every one is asking for and there
;»,,,,. clsco. j ~ c — iy °* ¦" "^ C l ~°* ** u are three m a bunch: quality that
„,„?' ... . , , . it's a beautiful line. Comes in every shade. Equal in texture and quality v The best art of the valuee is in the ribbon itself— a heavy usually sells at 2Sc
Hand embroidered tray cloths and durability to most silks you'd pay a third more for. . nualitv and verv brilliant vl ! r«c. f^uti r« * i
35C With a tow of open We've a little booklet that explains the rules governing the contest that we'll qUa X f .S Si? ™,«t .««,. «(M,«. A Mn, t New rose foliage IOc; 33 leaves
or \r * be glad to give you. All dreBses must be in before November 1. 1904, so come ' What woman wont want some of these wide widths fora to the bunch, two tone, value
Stampe'd damask doilies and in as carly as you can and get tl1 ® information. . X| neck or hair bow? We II tie them free of charge. 35c.
squares, ready for Mount Whifp> RInnkpf« * ' W 1 • g"*f l T\
Lace Curtain Samples Muslin Underclothes
; « »e; <»« «« « -^sa^ Window Shades: Art Burlaps iTiuaiili UUUCrtlUines
,«^ a t P "? S ; ? n t l for right S^.i-s^o. « 9 .oo 1. 88.25. A. Banner Offerings far This Banner Week. ? The Banner Offering.
Up-tO-date piece-. tOO. $7.00 grade !¦ 85,40. $9J0 jrrade i« $8.65. { ,.,..., * j ¦ ' i^Jl
The season's most remarkable offering. A N Summer furnishings anticipated by the drapery Garments characteristic of Hale's, all new
Cnttnn HrPCC finftrf<! &ANNp2^ •- section. • and good in every way and out for the first 'TV
VUtLUU t/1 C33 VJWM^ WEFIt <^ The< Cuijtois'' (some 500 pairs and half-pairs we have time to-morrow. \\ V
(To make this indeed the banner week.) Vr. — z3^ \ used -jWltore sanrplcs and others for store display). Prices characteristic of A.nnivers'arv (less / '*&
10 items; everyone of them important. We'll let them stand M «-v_l TheyMre not as fresh looking as they' once were, but th th t f . timp—manv nf Ari&\ \
out so you can see them. . j j thc'quaUty is there and the usefulness. The bargain J nan ine y arc at an y otfter time— many ot g^\ V
1f>p Percales; never so im- Cotton Voiles; great favorites, and \ is there^if there ever was one. Some of them good for tnem ¦ a nail. w^» \ \
1^^ portant. A factory's ends, especially now that the price j bedroom use, only 69c; larger ones marked 95c, $1.15, WhJfp 'lLv\>N 1
lengths up to 20 yard* in any is dropped . 5c to-morrow. But • $ 1A5 . But one pair of a pattern, r " V|lllc OMTli* NJJOp^ IV
numhrr of miterim inll rolnr look at the voile itself. How . Art burlaps 15c— The same heavy, wide goods (Gobelin A factory's samples of .this summer's favorites— A^IXi}
number of patterns and color- simple and yet how effec- \ brand), that sells usually at 25c. We took all this big jobber hundreds of different styles, all handsomely trim- \ \W\
ings. Look at the quality; live; white grounds with small \ '.ad. He was retiring from the drapery line. Not an old med; a third and. a half less than they can be had \ AIL'
never less than I2i/^c; usually woven dots; 20c qual- |S/» \ design or a common one among them. Now that so many for regularly. \ Mft
more. Now 10c. lty y • ' ; ""."l'* ) home builders are using these burlaps for wall coverings and «- c White Skirts .at 59c. • I" / RU
White Oxfords; one of the sum- - housewives to make pretty, . unique curtains or floor cover- <*' whit*. <stiVtc at »»«/- , I / UV,
L.1/ r» Zephyr Ginghams; regular mer's dress waists, 32 in. wide, W ings, what a demand there will be for them at 15c. „ e «>!• cru I 7 - /rT n fl\
0!6C Tnr vnnA* j n ,1 1OS< . dre^v woven stripe patterns; a 25c 1AAA P • 1 \1/- J Pi j . / f\ M '5° V\ inte Skirts at 95c. J&gsS
r^Yo'XfTMc ¦ 1200 Special Window Shades at 60c &*&$£ l&S f 1^ 4%7m
)nce - and summery, grounds- have »,. , „ } ]e { c with slat( brackets, cord and nickel pull ring. $^ W hite Skirts at $2 A7
«,% India Linons- a solendid color splashes as well as white Here, too. is a chance for builders to buy in quantities shades that ? 5 '°° Wiite SKirtS at »3. 4 7.
12C ,; a , sp : cndld woven stripes; the most charm-. rc hpf- to be had- regularly under 75c. 6oc. ' tirst time to-morrow. M
**V S h e er cvery-day cloth, 40 ing and most tempting 2Q/» B rm«. Curtain Bodi, 8 l-3e-Another lot of those heavy >rass extension rods, : > >''n raw#ira of „„ ent . r^,^. •,* f£
in wide. The usual 15c quality. P"ce 4iVV^ m% -in. tubing, that we sold out so quickly last time we had them out. Drawers at 23c. SOC UOVVns at 37c. -« ; \
r% J 1^ 1"^ A.^^ . ¦ Complete, with neat brass ends and brackets: can be used on any win- Good heavy soft muslm with Muslin square yokes, with TJ
t5edSpreadS EXtra dow. measuring ?0jto48 1n. I2%cquamy.' : 8 l-3c. hemstitched cambric ruffle; 5 small fine tucks; collar and caffs with
A mill's left-overs. Twos and fours and sixes of a kind— odd dozens. tmrT A££7 *7fflf tucks; three sizes. 25, 27, 29. cambric ruffle; sires 14. 15. 16 and
A couple cases to be opened to-morrow morning. ?i.oo,- ?i.io, V^sJ^ML^'^^f/ _ jhi._ /£&/ £*\ 35c .Women's Drawers at 29c. I7 * .
§1.25, $1.50 each. At least 25 per cent underpriced. /Mf/ y«^Sfek <&/£f&<E^ I7 ' nc muslin ' umbrella ruffle, $/.00 Skirt Chemwes at 58c
At least 25 per cent underpriced. jdS&&SBK* AeR^A /w&r^&*m (jja^fgjjfii with wide torchon lace; 3 length*, Three styles; round yokes of
¦ 200 Bed Pillows SI. 00 Pillow Cases 10c ., Mm /MSf &&£&& mS&P V^^^ 25. 27 and 29. Valenciennes or torchon lace nrn
Large C-lb. ones, nilcd with ?rood Those cashmere finished, soft mui-, fsmf £&^_*'*~ ~^r $I.OO GowtlS at 69C. wltn ba^ nt>bo ";
Rratle of chicken feathers, full size, lin that sell usually at 12V*c, J&ffl - -**^gSfi^jflLinL"j^^r>jnL'ia. 40^ ' ' Fine soit cambric; V neck; yoke 25c Corset Covers at iSc.
- lx27 ln - -•¦¦¦: 4-xce ln. - &—* wMMiiPBSi^^ . of 18 hemstitched tucks; six rows Fine soft cambric, full front.
Odd Sheets and PlIlOW Cases: Rare Chance .^^^¦¦¦¦¦m^"^^ 7 . ¦ , of embroidery insertion; collar and pearl buttons, embroidery trim-
Made from remnants of sheetlngr. Many grades are included j and not ! MnrlrAf «5fr*>i>f |M Pn r Qivth <5*in Pr*inri«rn cuffs with embroidery; sizes 14, IS. niing at the neck and armholes,
enough of any one to quote. shares them, will get -a bargain. ITiarKct, Z3VrCCt, near JIAtll, Jail rrailU&W. 16 and 17. - every size.
WE WANT YOU
To Ictjow our rarment quality,. its fin-,
ish. fabric and fit.
We want your future trade and
your influence. It's as .much your
Kain as ours — one little profit on a
single suit certainly doesn't mean
more to us than better clothes/satis-
faction moans to you. * < .' t /,!,
If need or inclination suggest a
suit our «ervicea are of vital Interest
to you and j our • purse.: Only $1,00
per week.
A. B. SMITH CO.
128 fLLIS STREET. EgB
Q/vajifLopAonjo
//v p
I J^^^^S^J^St^ \ Xt iB oa * of ti * world '¦ rx«Lt fua m»i-
I 'Jffl'^Wmh \ «ri f ¦ and for mnilc under th» •h»doir«
' 1 lJK*y-^iH»k If T11- f* 111011 * m*«ter« of mnaio »1w«ts
r^~ r '^'''-Sm- A ¦ S*&Mn&R< : *-Kj§Bk iV r«*dy to »tar uid play for you.
f^Sv^T ffi|a^^' COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.,
¦ >^?^^^1 -3 **fr». Diic and Cylinder Orapaophoae*