RUSSIANS ABANDON THEIR SUPPLIES AT FENGWANGCHENG
AND WILL EVACUATE NEWCHWANG WITHOUT A COMBAT
Continued ¦ on ', Pace \ 3, * Column ' 0.
Average for the First .Week , Greatly
Kxceeds Tliat at Chicago
Fair.
ST. LOUIS, May 8.~The statement
issued on the number of dally:admis
sions at the World's . Fair * during the
first week. Just ended, as ; compared
with ' the attendance: at the ' Columbian
Exposition for the same period, shows ;
, Daily average at 'fit; Louis (six days),'
not including opening day, 22,952i* total
for six days, 137,708. -¦-
Daily average at Chicago (six days),
not inculding opening day,' 20,097* total
for elx days, 120,479. »-¦-¦' -W' ; ' « «.
DAILY ATTENDANCE AT V
EXPOSITION IS GOOD
NEW YORK. Mav 8.— Plans for the
establishment of a great Jewish uni
versity in this country were discussed
at a metinlK heid here to-night under
the au<?r>ices of the New York branch;
of the Jewish Theological Seminary. It
is also the purpose of those In charge
of the movement to open high schools
in this city and in other cities.
•lEU'S PIxAN KRECTION j
OF GREAT UNIVERSITY!
there should- be no fight of the rear
guard. l ' : :-'j : ' ¦' '-'¦-' " '.'*--"-' : :~<
The Russians left while General
Kuroki was making _. -.his disposition's
for a big battle.,, ,. : : *J - . - v
; .*The" Japanese: approached from. two
directions along the -main road jind up
the :. valley, > placing? batteries .so j as' to
command -the i town. ,. This procedure
on the part : of. General Kuroki shows
that : the i. entire ; Japnanes 1 plan ? of
operations ;had been . thoughtfully
pared ; : and /< that • every 'division coniP
mander i knows ; : exactly .^what' he
should do.V-i -'';--' : \'-:. ..
Now that: General vKurokir.is-' estab
lished • at 'Fengwangcheng .- the • Rus
sians j are ; puzzled as j to what move he
willVmake next:; ; The; fact that Ihe sent
two companies :. to. Daliandlaputfeo, ¦-. ten
nilles ; northeast -,of - Fengwangcheng,
might* indicate : h{sVpurpose' to; proceed
along r ( this v r'oddv > to '¦ ? Tirigchangien,
ninety,;, mlle«V north ; from -where > . he
would;! march : ; due '.west- • to - Lia'oyahg'.'
This twould -permlt'an i effective flank
lnpr'movemer(t,;but it -is. not "considered
probable'.ftheV likelihood' being 'that, he,
will'rnoye" along the road ; by : which. the,
Russians k retreated Vtoward --LJabyang/
This .road' branches off at.Chatschang,
t we h tyj miles westward of Fengwang
chengAand;continues^almost .directly
west ' of HaichenC : which captured
ST. PETERSBURG, May 9, 9 : 30
a. : mi— Two 'official '* dispatches, calcu
lated to 'increase the depression exist
ing among all circles in Russia, were
givehTout'last night.- From: the, point
of view "of the progress of the> cam
paign-, the most important* Is * that { re
garding'the, capture by the Japanese
.without 'op'p'osltion . of Fengwangcheng
on , "May-. 6.' ~ The second -gives details
concernlng- ? the killed,- wounded "and
missing among the troops under the
command ? of ; Lieutenant General Zas
sulitch; as the result of the fighting on
the*. Yalu;: the^number of which ! totals
2397 officers and men.
; General . Kuropatkin .' forwarded _i a
mossasre from Lieutenant General
Zassulitch, -who had been left in com
mand of the *;- column ': retiring; from
Fengwangcheng, which : described the
movements of. the enemy In connec
tion with the -'occupation of the \ town.'
r r information J caused •¦ no : surprise
to the officials', who had already been'
advised of the decision ; that , no,, at
temptl would be; made ' to hold i Feng
.wan^rcheng, . the -superiority of > the
Japanese in j all fighting " arms insur
ing a .: disaster": similar '< to ': that of
Kuliencheng-. Therefore General Zas
sulitch was -given ', strict? 1 orders "that
RUSSIA DECIDES TO
SEND AN EXHIBIT
Announcement From St. Petersburg
That Nation Win Have Elaborate
Display at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, May 8.— A cablegram wu
received from St. Petersburg to-day by
Director of Exhibits Skiff of th«
World's Fair stating that Russia will
make an elaborate exhibit. Rusia be
fore the war with Japan had planned
to be represented at the fair, but after
ward decided to abandon Its proposed
exhibit. The cablegram caused surprise
to the exposition officials.
Tha Russians will take 20,000 square
feet in the Varied Industries building,
and also will be represented in tho
liberal and fine arts.
The State Department at Washington
and the foreign representatives of the
exposition had made efforts to brin*
about representation by Russia.
by- , the,', Japanese during the' Chino
'Japanese-war.; : A : march -, on this place
would ."compel the. evacuation of New
chwangr, as 'the vforce : there would , be
in; > danger . of \ destruction', or V of *, being
subjected ; to; a 'siege' 1 , by -the/ armies
converging fronv, Halchehg^and the
southern part of.theLlaoturig: Penin
sula. ; v ~""v ' " • -\" .* ' -"'.
"There\is no confirmation ' up to the
present* time % of • the f report ''that:.. the
Russians 4 are " f preparing/- to >-. evacute
Newchwang," but * few.". would be." vur
prised If r it -should: turn "out to.be cor
rect,^;-'/-v-'V-^rv.^,;;;/;;. : ;..--¦, '.
Q The of a march along the
road > to.' Haicheng ..would ;be ; to place
absolutely ¦ in : . the- control : of the Jap
anese 'all ;Manchurla; between the' Yalu
and ( 'the«Llaotung* Peninsula, with the
exception , of * Port ; Arthur.^ The Rua
slaris-i'admitjthat at this' stage, of the
war] the' Japanese control -the territory
mentioned., the .Russky- Invalid, tho
army organ, ; making this concession.
The remainder; of v the- press is «ilent.
j : ; . ; Only,; one afternopnVpaper,; referred
to 5 the abandonment ,'. ot Fengwang
cheng. s away in a corner- of
that i pape> was a . small . item, saying
that the .post and telegraph .'offices at
WOMAN RECEIVES LIFE
SENTENCE FOR 3II7RDER
Mrs. Mary Powell of Delaware Hut
Pay Penalty for Killing
a Hlval.
DOVER, Del., May 8.— 'Mrs. Mary A.
Powell was last night convicted of the
murder of Estella Albin, the jury fix
ing the punishment at life imprison
ment.
Estella Albin lived with Mr. and Mrs.
Powell at Bowers Beach, near here. On
Februarys she was found murdered-
Mrs. ', Powell was arrested and con
fessed but declared the act was com
mitted In self-defense. The evidence
showed that undue friendship existed
between Powell and Miss Albtn, and
the prosecution endeavored to prove
that Mrs. Powell killed the sirl In a
Jealous frenzy.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
BRISTOL, . Tenn., May 8.— Reliable
information from Wise County, Vir
ginia, to-night tells of the finding of
the body of Edward' Leisenring Wentz,
the young Philadelphia X: millionaire,
who disappeared on October 14 last^
After several months' search in which
the number, of searchers was never, less
than one hundred and sometimes more
than one . thousand, and after many
thousands of dollars had been expended
It has all resulted in the discovery that
instead of being held for. ransom the
young man was 1 killed .after lie
was captured ,by unknown /men near
Stony Gap, Tenn. -
1 That the searchers were nearing the
end of their work was generally be
lieved, last. Friday, when,lin examining
the cabin of two outlaws under arrest
on a charge of robbery, the Sheriff's
deputies came upon a pair of "riding
breeches, finely made and of fashion
able cut. As no one but ' Wentz had
ever, been known to wear such things
in the mountains of the three States,
It was ' at once Inferred that the end
of. the Wentz ' mystery was in sight
and the search was ¦ redoubled. '
' In the mountains of/Virginia, Tennes
see and Kentucky, the land of the Hat
field-McCoy feud, of moonshiners j and
primitive civilization.'- -Representative
Edward Leisenring of Pennsylvania, a
millionaire coal miner, bought about a
dozen years ago' 150,000 acres of land.
This • land had never been sold before
and 'the titles were still in doubt. The
residents were determined squatters,
resisting all attempts at eviction.
Leisenring died and his sister's sons;
D. B. and Edward Wentz, went there
to manage the property interests. Busi
ness .development meant a disruption
of, the squatter farms and out of that
grew, an, enmity which was >alw*y3
feared by the brothers and their head
men. ~
/Edward L. Wentz, although he kept
extensive . kennels and a stable of
horses, seldom rode. out without taking
precautions beforehand and was care
ful never fo put himself In . range Tbf a
buTiet by night. Hut on October 14 he
cruld' not 4 resist; the temptation to' take
a lide'alang Roaring Creek.. He started
out alone "and was never seen alive, by
his friends afterward. Late. that night
hls» horse -was found cropping grass
alonK the creek, but there was ' not a
sicrn of the young man: Dr. and: Mrs}.
Wentz arrived from Philadelphia' on
a special, train a day. Jater and '; the
search was. begun. Starting v/ith $10,
000. -the rewards were gradually in
creased to $55,000 and even $100,030 was
offered,, but .of no avaiL . No .details
have .yet. been received of the finding
of the body.
~ TOKIO, April 8, 9 p., m.— A detachment of the Japanese ;operating,-on the-Liaotung Pen
insula dispersed small bands of Russian troops on Friday andxaptured Pulantien, a railroad station.
Thejapanete destroyed the railway and telegraph, thus severing the Russian communications with
Port Arthur. '
After several sharp cavalry skirmishes on Friday, May "6, at- Erhtaitsu/ Santaitsu and two
or three other places, a'detachment of Japanese infantry from General Kuroki's army took Fengwang-
The enemy, before retiring, exploded their magazine, but thejjj left large quantities of hos
pital stores behind them, which are now being used by the Japan es^jiospitar corjps.
Refugees from, the ' wood s and small-villages in the vicinity 1 arc!" constantly surrendering.
. : The^Russians Jniried many dead .before leaving Feng\vangcheng;|and; natives say -that v on
Monday : last"they carried, about 800 woun ded through the town. ' /v^!^^; ; > : '
. It'is believed that the. Russian casualties on the' Yalu will probably] exceed -3000.
> ¦ .; ; ST.: PETERSBURG, May 8.— General Kufopatkin has sent the f following telegram under
dateof May 7:' • ;:¦'.' ' •. ' . - - -.¦•\' '¦¦'!•..".• ' :' :^'^ : ' '"X ¦-.•' ¦¦'", : '.'•.'-" -i''-' M : .
"Lieutenant General Zassulitch to-day j reports that - the ¦ enemy's cavalry,' arid units of -their ad
vance guard occupied Fengwangcheng tonday. ?• ; .; :^ J , : '"\ :]''. ':¦":¦>-¦ V >
.^'Two companies ! and two; squadrori^;of their, forces proceeded toward Daliandiaputso. Our
cavalry,ahd units withdrew; toward Tchlindjano. 1$-&*&}y£&&:' ..
'-?: "Scouts from- Fengwangcheng report that two Japanese 'divisions advanced on. May 6 toward
Fengwahgcheng;by {the;m^in:road from : Piari^
Aho' River occupied a^^ position near Daliandiaputso '-.and posted -batteries to fa
ctog^^S^iu^^fin^gjou^tifc^^f^^
f "The. Japanese advanced slowly and very cautiously upon
WASHINGTON, May 8.~Mrs. Amelia
F. M. Billingsley; ah attractively,' at
tired and evidently . well . educated
woman, who said she lived at" 515 Wal
nut street, Toledo,' Ohio, "'was arrested
here this morning. It is suspected that
she is of unsound mental condition 'and
that her Intention was to cause trouble
at the White House. "-,;
Mrs. Blllingsley said that she came
here to inform Mrs. Roosevelt that -the
nation is In -great peril. 'Shells ; the
fourteenth White House crank who has
appeared since Mr. Roosevelt has been
in office, but.is the first one ¦whose^ef
fortB were directed" toward the s wife of
the President. '" .
The woman . arrived, here ', this t mornr
ing and aroused suspicion before the
train reached' the city by causing dis
turbance in * the car. in * which she was
riding. The conductor, her,
but in the confusion she disappeared.
She was arrested when ehe came* back
to see about her baggage. ,.
She violently resisted.. arrest and it
was necessary tojtthrust; her into a
carriage by main force.*-.' She, was "con
veyed to 'a police station, Twherev she
told her wild etory. i 'The' woman' de
clared that she .'hadVknowledge fTof " a
most astounding: condition -¦ of political
Intrigue directed * against the^ Govern^
ment, which- she wished v to .telT-Mrs.
Roosevelt so that she could -save "the
nation. Among other things, she Bald
Ehc knew that Spanish-American 'war
would be brought about by Arch
bishop Ireland, who. Induced .," Mr.
McKinley to. go into -the war. ¦ and
promised him the support ; of the; Irisb
population. She „ asserted that Mr.
McKinley, Mr. Hanna and other, prom
inent men were her personal- friends.'
The room which Mrs. Billingsley had
engaged at a. local hotel* was : searched;
but no weapon or anything of: a -form-'
idable nature was found.;; She said ehe
intended to call at the White House
this afternoon. ¦;
Special Dispatch to The 1 . Call
Engineer and Fireman Are Seriously
Injured and Passengers Have a
Narrow Escape.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 8. — At Huac
huca siding early this morning the in
ternational express on the Nogales
branch of the Southern Pacific dropped
through a burned bridge fifteen feet
high. The engine and coaches, with th©
exception of the Pullman, left the
track. Two of the coaches were tele
scoped.
"William Armstrong, the engineer,
and J. M. Meeker, the fireman, were
seriously and perhaps fatally Injured.
E. A. Chalfant. express messenger, and
C. A. Hartman, a passenger, received
serious injuries, while many of the pas
sengers were slightly hurt.
A relief train was sent out from Ben
son and a wreck train followed from
Tucson.
MEXICAN TRAIN DROPS
THROUGH BURNED BRIDGE
Female Crank Tries
to See President's
Wife.
Philadelphia Million
aire Victini oi
Murderers.
Cavaly Skirmishes Precede Kuroki's Oc
cupation of Base Surrendered
by Kuropatkin.
RUSSIAN OFFICERS ON GOLDEN HILL, PORT ARTHUR, SIGHTIXG. APiE^pAOTIXG 4 JAPANESE F^EET. |
SEARCHERS
FOR WENTZ
FIND BODY
DETECTIVE
INTERRUPTS
HER VISIT
Sims told the story In confidence to
a few of his friends and yesterday ha
gave it to the public.
As the story' goes, when National
Secretary C. A. Walsh and Commlt
teeman Johnson of the Democratic
National Committee first came to
Indianapolis to open Hearst headquar
ters Sims was one of the first men
sent for. They took him up into a
room in the Claypool Hotel and un
folded to him how he migrht be th©
Democratic nominee for Governor of
Indiana and have all the money he
wanted to make his ! campaign if lie
would lend, his name and brains to
their cause.
Sims did not name the amount, but
It is said to have been $250,000. If
he carried- th* State -far. Hearst ha
was to receive the nomination for
Governor on the Democratic ticket
and he was also to receive $250,000 to
defray the expenses of his campaign.
Sims refused the proposition.
J. O. Henderson, Hearst's Indiana
manager, said to-night:
"If such a thirrg: was done it was be
fore I became connected with the
bureau here."
INDIANAPOLIS, May 8. — The talk
of Indiana to-night is the charge
made by Daniel W. Sims of Lafayette
that he received the offer of an enor
mous sum from the Hearst managers
to organize the Democracy of Indiana
in the. interest of Hearst. He is recog
nized everywhere for honesty and un
blemished character and every one be
lieves him.
Sims said that early in the cam
paign he was called to Indianapolis to
attend a meeting in the interest of
Hearst. J. K. Risk, editor of the
Lafayette Democrat, was there. Sims
was asked to take the management
of the Hearst boom in Indiana and
was promised a large sum if he would
do so.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
\ A massive pold seal, worth intrinsic
ally R*000 and one of the priceless treas
urer of an ancient Chinese dynasty
• has been offered for sale in this c\ty.
The first report stated that it was of
fered for sale to the Selby Smelting
Works by a. person that represented
himself to be an officer of the Italian
warship Lignria. now in port.
__ Subsequent denials to this report
jvcre rnade by President Ralston of the
J: melting Company, who stated that i
Each a piece of gold was offered for |
i sale to his company by a man whose
&an:e he could not recalL All he could
refcember was that the man that of
fered the gold seal for sale had a son-
In-lzw* named Engene McCarthy. The
latter could not be found last night to
, tell who his father-in-law is.
The ofTer of sale of the precious relic
was made la^t Friday afternoon by the
ur.nan-iod man and the cashier looked Jt
ngtnfully 'over. .To h;<? practiced eye it
I-Ailced. c^ though It was more than
twenty carats 2ne and upon its fa.ee
At Yi,ve what appeared to be Chinese
'characters. The unknown vendor was
t^;ld to come the following: day for the
results of the test, when he would re
ceive his money.
Word was sent to the Chinese Consul
General by the Selby Smelting- Com
pany on Saturday morning 1 , after all
.fl;e experts of the company had viewed
the .gold r ec-al offered for sale. They
cv-clacfd that it was of great antiquity
nr.d fashioned into its present form by
emiths that must have died ever 4000
years ago.
VALUABLE RELIC.
The Chinese Consul General went
to the office cf the Selby Smelting Com
pany at once. As soon es he saw»the
seal be-deciphered the worn Inscriptions
upon it and declared that it was one of
the most valuable relics of an
encient Chinese dynasty. He said
the gold came from the gTeat
range of the Khinga Mountains
e*d # the sands of the Gobi Desert
and 'was gathered by hand from the
Yocks and channels more than 4000
years ago.
Melted and refined into a solid mass,
the artisans of those ages carved the
Inscriptions upon the grold that have
¦formed the official seal of the dynasty
imr thousands cf years, until more mod
ern times ar.d a greater sway caused a
new imperial seal to be developed. Then
the seal m delegated to the nearest
rephew cf the Emperor as his official
signature.
The Chinese Consul General was not
to be seen yesterday or last nlgnt. His
Secretary stated that on Saturday
morning a white man called upon the
Consul General with a message and
that his chief left the office imme
diately. That was all the secretary
knew.
SECRECY PREVAILS.
The eecretary of the Selby Smelting
V. r orkB enly knew that a brick had been
cJTered answering to the seal and its
Inscriptions outlined above. "It has
passed out of our possession now," he
caid. "and I must refer you to Presi
dent Hasten for further information."
••When President Ralston was found
at his hom* In Berkeley he said:
"Such a seal as you describe was of
f ereJ to our company by a man whose
name I now forget. He was not a na
val officer and not connected with the
Italian warship Llguria. His son-in
law is named Eugene McCarthy. He
told us that the article he offered had
been secured in one of his trips to the
Orient, and he had grown tired of it
end wanted to cell It. Before we had
tested its value his wife came to our
oHlce and demanded the gold seal back.
That "1st how it passed out of our pos
session."
There are many 6tories current about
the offer to sell this seal. One Is that
the Chinese Consul General has guar
anteed the payment of $10,000 for it,
¦u hit-to is twice its intrinsic value if
.melted up. "
Daniel W. Sims Refuses to Sell Hi3
Influence for Coin and State's
Governorship.
Imperial Consul General Says Metal
. Offered lor Melting Is Relic of
Forty Centuries.
His Services .Valued at Hall
Million .Dollars, by As
piring Editor.
Treasured Stamp oi Ancient
Dynasty, Looted in Pe
king, Turns Up.
Indiana Democrat
Tells oi Gener
ous Offer.
DECLINES
THE GOLD
OF HEARST
pnknown Man Tries
to Dispose of GM
- - nese Insignia.
PRICELESS
GOLD SEAL
IS HAWKED
Alcazar— "Toa Two School*. 1 *
Calif orala— "Our STew MlnteWr."
Central — "Tha Thro* . Musiet
•trs."
Chut«» — Vaudovill*.
Columbia — "Boarers Brother! is
Jisndcm."
Orand — "Cleopatra."
Orphenm— Vauaavlll*.
Tivoli— "A Sonaway Girl."
TBS T1LUAUMJ&3.
SAN FRANCISCO,: rMONDA^4MAY:^9;^1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
. VOLUME XCV— XO. 1C1.
THU TJTTTATITFrKii*
rcrscasrl mcSe at San Fran
cisco f cr iiirtjf noors ea&lnjr
s*iasi;rfct, a X£ay 9:
San Francisco and vicinity—
Fair Monday; ccoler Monday
afternoon; fresh west wind.
G. H. WXX.Z.5O27,
Local Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.
CHINESE ARE RESTLESS.
Continued Japanese Success Excites,,
tbc Yellow Populace.
Er^lal Cable to Tht Call mil New York Her
ald CoryrlsrM. IIKH. by the New York
Herald rublliiWrjr Company."
PEfelKG, May 8. — Advices from the
north* to-day report that the natives
are exnJted, owing to continued Jap
anese success.ST. LOUIS, May 8.— Brigadier Gen
eral Stephen W. Qroesbeck, U. S. A.;
retired, died to-day of pneumonia at
.the home of his brother-in-law here,
aged 64 years.
- When the Spanish-American war was
declared General Groesbeck was sta
tioned at San Francisco as judge advo
cate. He. was ordered to Cuba and was
judge advocate there during the Cuban
campaign. Later he held the same po
sition at Governors ' Island, New York.
In the Philippines he was' also Judge
advocate and remained two years, re
turning with the rank- of lieutenant
OFFICER WELL
'KNOWN AT THE
PRESIDIO DIES
TELEGRAPH LINEMAX
KTDES AN AVAJjANCHB
TACOMA. Wash.. May 8.— Avalanches
and spring: freshets are giving linemen
great trouble in maintaining wires of
the Yukon and Alaskan telegraph sys
tems, which stretch for 4000 miles frqm
Ashcroft to St. Michael. One of the
linemen was' caught last week by a
roaring avalanche near the summit of
Naas Mountain in British Columbia.
Luckily he was able to keep on the
surface of the immense mass of ice
and snow as it shot down the mountain
side. He was fortunate enough to es
cape from his wild experience with his
life, but was severely bruised. He had
difficulty in climbing. * ' '
Strike in New Huvcn Averted.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., May 8.— The
differences between 'the car workers of
the New York, New Haven and Hart
ford Railway and the railroad have
been' settled and the threatened strike
averted. The men will receive an in
crease in wages of almost 10 per cent,
or two-thirds of what they originally
demanded. More than 2000 men are
affected.
The first vessel in the German navy
to be fitted with turbines Is the cruiser
Mercur, launched at Danzig on March
26/ last She is of 3000 tons displace
ment, 361 feet length. 40 feet beam and
17:5 feet draught, with engines to de
velop 10,000 horsepower and 22 knots
spfeed. The armament consists of ten
4-inch, twelve 1-pounders, six machine
guns and two submerged torpedo
tubes. The protective deck Is 2 Inches,
tapering to *,i inch at the ends. Her
kcftl was laid last July and the vessel
ia to-be completed during the present
year. Another vessel identical with the
Mercur, except as to machinery, which
is. of the ordinary triple-expansion driv
ing twin screws, Is building at Weser,
the two cruisers being built to demon
strate the advantages, if any, of the
turbine system. '"/>:'. -' - ¦¦ ¦
exposure of the armor plate fraud was
sensational, and a lengthy inquiry fol
lowed, which conclusively proved
crookedness on the part of the contrac
tor, and gross carelessness of the naval
officers who inspected the material.
The contractors, however, were fined
only a nominal sum; the negligent offi
cers were not even reprimanded, nor
web the defective armor removed from
the ships, and the location of every bad
plate is as well known to every Navy
Department abroad as it is known in
Washington.
The submarine, which for several
years after the unsatisfactory experi
ments with the Nordenfeldt and others
lost favtor with naval men, Is now be
coming popular again. It is estimated
that there are seventy-one of these
boats already built, forty-seven In
course of construction and seventy
three projected. These boats are dis
tributed among eleven navies. Experi
mental boats, not Included in the num
ber built, are being tested in Austria,
Holland, Argentine and Norway.
colonel in July, 1802. He was then sta
tioned at Chicago as Judge advocate of
the Department of the Lakes. Last
year. he was promoted to the rank of
brigadier general and at his own re
quest was retired. He entered the Civil
War as a volunteer.
As two of the three guns "provision
ally accepted" have blown off • their
muzzles, the third gun made out of-de
fective material no doubt will bs taken
off the ship on which It has .been
placed. As to the responslbilty. for
these defective guns, the dispatch'
.states: "The company worked to have
the forgings accepted by the depart
ment and finally succeeded. Both guns
blew off their muzzles. H. A. Herbert
was Secretary of the Navy at , the
time." The chief of bureau at that
time was Captain W. T. Sampson and
Commander T. F. Jewell was superin
tendent of the gun foundry from Jan
uary, 1893, to February: 10,. 1896. The
latter wa3 succeeded by : E. H. C.
Lentze. serving until April 10,. 1896,
when relieved by Charles • O'Neil, who
remained in charge up.- to- June. 1, 1897,
when he became chief of the Bureau of
Ordnance. Lieutenants "W.L. Rodgers,
J. H. Moore. R. F. Nicholson and F. E.
Greene, in the order named, had super
vision over the manufacture of S-inch
guns from December, 1892, to January,
1800, and the reports,' no doubt, show
under which particular • officer these,
defective but "provisionally accepted"
forgings were made into ordnance and
put on board the warships.
During 1894-95 the Bureau of Ord
nance was unfortunate, not alone In
having bad gun forgings thrust 'upon
It, but also In getting inferior , armor
Xor the shipB under construction. The
many of these forgings have developed,
during machining, spots and flaws due
apparently to sand or slag in the Ingot.
• • • In the longer forcings -. the
flaws take the form of splits. • ¦ • ••
The number of these flaws varies in
different pieces, but even those which
are apparently sound are discredited
by the others, and it is ' a question
whether the whole lot should not be re
jected." In the next report, dated Sep
tember 14, 1SS5. Commander T. F. Jew
ell, superintendent of the gun foundry,
stated: "Of the sixteen sets of forg
4ngs ordered from the Midvale Com
pany, it became necessary to reject all
of the tubes and all but two of the
Jackets, on account of the small flaws
described In the last report. Three
tubes, replacing rejected ones, although
not entirely free from defects, have
been provisionally accepted during the
year.. One gun from these forglnge has
been completely assembled, and I the
other two tubes" have been jacketed."
During the succeeding year, seventeen
8-inch guns were completed at .the
foundry. Sixteen pf these' guns w'ere
for the Broc-klyn and Iowa." Those for
the Brooklyn were tested and shipped,
but the Iowa's complement was ' not
filled until early in 1897. after being
tested at the naval proving grounds,
none of the guns showing any sign of
weakness according to report of Com
mander A. R. Couden, In charge of the
proving grounds.
THIRD BAD GUN. .
. The opening of the new quarters Is
to be fittingly celebrated by about six
ty members of the club, who, under the
leadership of Dr. Shields, are arranging
a programme for the occasion.
place, well protected by a spreading
shake roof. In building the retreat the
architect did not disturb the younger
of the redwoods, around which the
structure was constructed, thus fur
nishing additional support for the
building, which when fully completed
will cost a trifle over $5000.
terial and in keeping with the design
of the interior. There are accommoda
tions for twelve, or more if they are
contented with " snug quarters over
night, and thei»e are ample arrange
ments for larder provisions should the
Bohemians plan to make a prolonged
stay at the retreat.
A feature of the structure is the bal
cony plan of the upper floor, so ar
ranged as to command a magnificent
view of the Russian River and the op
posite bank of the stream, a spacious
The members of the Bohemian Club
are preparing for the formal opening
of their new quarters in the grove near
Guerneville, which will be celebrated
by a house-warming on May 15. The
structure was designed by one of the
members of the club. Bernard May
beck, and from an architectural view
Is one of the most interesting in Cali
fornia. It is built entirely of redwood
hewn in the vicinity of the^ site, and
the Interior is finished artistically in
rustic, with furniture of the same ma-
BOHEMIAN CLl'R'S NEW RETREAT AMONG THE GIGANTIC REDWOODS NEAR GUERNEVILLE, OVERLOOKING THE RUS- I
S1AN RIVER, AND AN INTERIOR VIEW OF THE IXTERESTINp STRUCTURE WHERE LOCAL CLUBMEN ARE SOON I
TO GATHER. ' , |
Brander's column returns to Gyangtse
to-morrow, where its first work will be
the capture of Jong, which the Ti
betans have occupied.
Our casualties were eighteen, Includ
ing five killed. Among the latter, to
the universal regret, is Captain Beth
une, who fell while leading his men to
attack on the wall.
The construction of the wall and the
choice of the spot where it was bull*,
reflect credit upon the Tibetans, so
I much so that its abandonment must
have been due to sheer cowardice, as it
/would have been almost impossible to
take it by frontal attack, the enemy
largely using Lassa-made rifles and
cartridges, instead of matchlocks.
The general plan of attack was an
outflanking movement by one company
of Gurkans and a direct attack by
pioneers. Ultimately it was found
necessary to detach a small force oC
pioneers to scale a precipice 1200 feet
high. The enemy then ran.
The gallantry of both Sikhs and pio
neers on either flank was most con
spicuous, as the resistance was stub
born until the flank3 were turned.
When that occurred the entire Tibetan
force fled to the wall, though they were
almost unscathed.
The casualties of the Tibetans dur
ing the actual flgh\ were about seven
ty-five, and probably as many again
were lost by try* pursuit by the mount
ed Infantry, who have not yet returned.
CAPTAIN* BETHUXE'S DEATlf.
The enemy, after obstinate resist
ance, were cleared from the wall. Two
sangers, well defended, held back the
advance two and a half hours, dur
ing most of which time a pelting hail
storm was In progress.
Among the special features of the in
cident it is noteworthy that the attack
was delivered shortly after the Karola
force had moved out, proving that the
Tibetans had considerable forewarning
of our Intended action.
The Tibetans still remain in force and
have occupied Jong, 1900 yards away,
whence they are carrying on an inef
fectual bombardment of the mission
with jinglea.
When Colonel Brander with his rifles
camped here on the pass last night.
16,000 feet up, the enemy, numbering
1600, were holding a wall three miles
ahead. Their position was well flanked
by sangers and elaborate preparations
had been made for hurling down rocks
from both sides of the gorge. Seven
hundred of the men were from Kamas
and the remainder from Lassa and this
locality.'
TROOPS SCALE . PRECIPICE.
The garrison, under command of Ma
jor Murray, behaved with great gallan
try and beat off the attack successful
ly, although the pick of the men and
nearly all of the Benior officers had been
taken for the Karola expedition.
NATIVES WELL INFORMED.
News reached here this morning from
Gyangtse of a battle there yesterday In
which the Tibetans had 200 killed and
80 wounded. The latter are now be
ing treated at the Mission Compound.
The battle at Gyangtse was the out
come of an attack on Colonel Young
husband and his escort at early dawn
on Thursday by 800 men from Dongtse.
The attacking force arrived at Gyang
tse at midnight, the approach being
made with the utmost secrecy.
- NEW YORK, May 8.— The Times has
the following cablegram from Karo
Pass, Tibet: May 6 (via Kalatso May
8).— Colonel Brander with three hun
dred rifles and about two-thirds of the
Gyangtse garrison, reached here yes
terday, after' three days' marching, the
purpose of the journey being to dis
perse a body of Tibetans who were sta
tioned here to oppose the progress of
Colonel Younghusband's mission. The
Tibetans were put to flight to-day, los
ing 150 killed and wounded. The Brit
ish casualties totaled 18, including five
killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Orientals Take Advantage of
a Division of the Invading
Column and Charge Upon
the Camp at Gyangtse
SMALL GARRISON
REPELS ATTACK
Young-husband's British
Fight Two Battles With
Native' Forces and Inflict
Heavy Losses Upon the Foe
The b<rard of inquiry to ascertain the
cause of the bursting at the muzzle of
the two S-inch guns on the Iowa
has submitted its report, and states in
pubstance that "the accident was due
-to defective forgings incapable of with
standing the increased muzzle velocity
Incident to the use of smokeless pow-"
<5er." No other conclusion could be ar
rived at, for It :s on record that the?e
gun forcings were rejected in 1S95, but
subsequently provisionally accepted.
In the Bureau of Ordnance report un
der date of October I. 1904, the follow
ing statement appears on page 264:
"Fcrgings for sixteen guns of this cali
ber f 8-inch) have been ordered from
the Midvale Steel Company, most of
which have been delivered. A great
DEFIvCTIVK YA.VKEE GUNS.
On April 1 the dockyards of Great
Britain were building eight armored
ships of 115,700 tons, and one cruiser
of oSOO tons, making a total of nine
vessels of 125.000 tons. At private
yards sixty-one vessels of 214.845 tons
were under construction, of which
thirteen of 167,^50 tons were armored
ships, the others embracing eleven
cruisers, twenty-four torpedo boats and
thirteen submarines. For foreign na
virs only four vessels of 36.770 tons were
building, which included the two bat
tleships for Japan, a Turkish cruiser of
SS30 tons and a email cruiser of 540
tons. Orders from foreign Governments
-arc becoming scarcer every year in
England and the present building of
battleships for Japan will probably be
the last order from that country. Every
naval power of any note is building its
Ehips at home . yards and there is a
keen competition between England,
.France. Germany and Italy for acci
dental naval work at prices which
would have received no attention a few
yrars ago.
The first of the eight "scouts" build
ing for the British navy was launched
at Vicker's Sons and Maxim's yard.
Barrow-in-Furness, on April 18. She
Is named the Sentinel and her keel was
laid June 8. 19B3. The dimensions of
these vessels vary somewhat, with
fcJfKht differences in displacement from
ZSSG to 2900 tons, but the contract speed
of twenty-five knots is stipulated from
the four firms which are building two
vessels each. The dimensions of the
Sentinel are SCO feet length, 40 feet
breadth, 14 feet 2 inches mean draught
a*nci 2S50 tons displacement. The cal
culated horsepower is 17.000, and the
normal coal carried is only 150 tons,
with a bunker capacity of 2S0 tons.
These vessels may be classified like the
Xcviks in the Russian navy, as im
proved torpedo boat destroyers, in
which speed alone is the object aimed
at and their aiynament is only sufficient
to engage torpedo craft. The battery
is composed of ten 12-pounders. eight
3-pounders and two torpedo launching
tubes. They will have a complement
of 268 officers and cre%v and the es
timated cost of the Sentinel, including
guns, is $1,408,000.
ENGLAND'S N'EAV SCOUTS.
Japan's navy officials evidently do
not share the opinion of some naval
critic? that the huge battleships built
during the past twenty years are fail
urrs and will be eliminated in future
jiJtval construction. The two battlt
ships contracted for by Japan in Eng
land are the largest yet built for any
r.avy. having a normal displacement
of 16,4 00 tons, which Is 50 tons more
than the five ships of the King Edward
VII class, building for the British
navy, and 400 tons larger than the
Connecticut class of five ships in the
United States navy. Olfkial details as
to dimensions and armament have
been given out by the builders at Els
wick, which show that the new ships
are practically duplicates, except as to
length of the latest British battle
ehips. Their length is 4j5 feet (2S
fett longer than the King Edward),
7S feet beam .ind 26 feet 74 inches
mean draught. The greater length
with the same breadth and draught as
the British ships insures finer lines
and will undoubtedly enable the Jap
anese vessel to attain the calculated
Fpeed of 1M* knots, with 18,000 horse
power, with greater ease than the
fhort^r ship. The maximum thickness
of armor b*lt is 9 inches and the pro
tective deck over engine spaces and
magazines 2 inches to Z inches. The
armament will be of four 12-inch in
two barbettes, four 10-inch in single
barbettes.- twelve 6-inch in _ citadel,
twelve 12 -pounders, six Maxims, three
S-pounders and five torpedo launching
tubes. The axis of the 12-inch guns
is _6 feet above the normal water line,
the 10-im-h guns 22 feet and the
6-inch guns from 13 to 14 feet. Steam
is to be supplied by twenty N'iclausse
boilers placed in three compartments
and the total bunker capacity is 2000
tons.
The new Japanese explosive, Shl
mose, named after its inventor. Is al
leged to have been used wlth v great
effect in the recent naval engagements.
It is nearly as powerful as blasting
gelatine and can be handled with ab
solute safety. Its destructive power
Has been demonstrated in many ex
periments, one of which was the plac
ing of a small quantity on a thick iron
plate and exploding it, resulting in the
perforation of the plate over ah area
covered by the powder. In another
instance a sir-inch Shimose shell was
fired against a target representing the
armored section of a vessel. The pro
jectile made a hole about three feet
in diameter, whereas the ordinary shell
made a hole only six inches In di
ameter. When the Shimose shell
Ftruck it burst into several thousand
pieces, while the ordinary projectile
burst into ten to fifteen fragments.
Unique Quarters Amidst the Great Redwood Timber,
Near Guerneville, Are Soon to Be Scene of an En
thusiastic Housewarming by Members of Local Club
HUNDREDS
OF TIBETANS
ARE SLAIN
BOHEMIANS WILL SOON OPEN
THEIR NEW FOREST RETREAT
NEW EXPLOSIVE
SHATTERS ARMOR
OF WARSHIPS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY. MAY 9, 1901
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
from the use of Doan's Kidney Pills."
* For 6ale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-MIlbum Co.. Buffalo. N. Y- sole
agents for the United States.
. Remember the name, Doan's, and take
no substitute. /
Eow Tt Has Spread rroa Home to Horn*
In Can Francisco.
In every part of San Francisco. In the
homes of the wealthy, in the humbl«j
abode of the man of toil, 'tis now a
well-known fact — a great truth — that
Dobii's Kidney Pills have brought more
. oorefort to backache sufferers. and cured
more sick kidneys than any medicine of
modern time.
. John Lewis, tailor, rear of 721 Bush
street, says: "An attack of malaria, as
. In the majority of Instances, was follow-
ed by inactivity of Ae kidneys and a
lameness and sorene** across the small
• vt my back. Sittinjf. a« I am compelled
to do. partially stooped, strained the
muscles of the loins; an aching ensued,
J and when 1 straightened I could only
• describe the twinges which shot through
the small of my back as excruciating
With the passing of time the pain in-
creased until I was compelled to stop
• work. I knew something had to be done
or my case might become serious, and I
.commenced taking standard remedies
guaranteed to cure Sidney complaint In
• any of its various forms. The results
• obtained from the medicines ceased the
". nToment I stopped their use, and ever on
the outlook for something: to bring re-
lief I at last tried Doan'a Kidney Pills.
•J kntw after a dose or two they were
acting directly upon the kidneys, and a
continuation of the treatment absolutely
stopped the last attack. I have told a
great many of my friends and acqualnt-
*ances about the benefit I have received
I GREAT TROTH.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
CALIFORNIA I
• .LIMITED TO CHICACO |
; LEAVES DAILY $
I at f ):'*,() a. m., t_roug-_ In 3 d*ys, I
, : wltb diner and all trappings. S
I ' i^^nw— x — — S— —_B£_ta_BU_ii&—lM^O^^Bia
I Otfc«r Santa r« Trains:
; n^A*' m 'l t0T Stockton. Freano. RakersSeli
S:0Op!'rn!j Merced. Hanford and VlaaJla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton. - 1 . .
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyoa and
Chicago.
TZCZIS? OrriCES — 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot, S. P. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 SouUi First St-
Sen Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFu
BAZZ.WA7 CO-XPASr-*.
Tibnroa Perry.' root of Market Street.
1 SAK rSANCISCO TO SA2T ZSAPASXi.
[WEEK DAYS— 7:oO. 8:00. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. :
12:83, 2:30. 3:40. 2:10. 5:50. C:30 and 11:30
: p. m.
< fatunlays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— T:80l 8:C0. »:::0. 11 :0O a. m.: 1:30.
2 :."«>. 3:40. 5:10. e:.W. 11:30 o. ra.
SAST HAPArZf TO SAN PSANCISCO.
' WEEK DAYS — C:05. 6:30. 7:30. 7:5©. S>:20.
UtlS a. m.; 12:50. ti.OO, 3:40. 5:Oi». 6:2U.
t>:25 v. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43
p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50, 7:."3. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.: 1:45.
:>:40. 4:S0. 5:00. 5:20. 6:2C. 7:50 p. m. tEx-
• cgpt gaturdayn.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. I May 1. lam. 1 San Fran.
Week I Sun- I . Desttna- f Sun- I Wcrlc
Days. I days. \ tlon. | dayg. | Daya.
T7:ao~a I 7:45 a! 7:43~a*
7:.10ai S:i«0a | 8:40a', 8:40a
K:l>0a| it :•¦?(» a Ignaclo. 10:20 a-10:20a
2 :.".O p 2 :«0 p (i :0O p[ 6:20 p
1 0:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
i 8:45 p|
7:3Oa| 7:3Oa 7:45 al 7:45a
; S:COa S:CK>a Xovato. 10:2OalO:2Oa
1 2::>0 p 6:3Oa Petaluma C:2Op| C:2Op
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p! 7:25 p
! 5:10 pi Santa Uosa. 8:45 p[
__________ 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00ai8:w>a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
: 2:30 pi 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 110:20 a 10:2O a
Lytton. I
2:SOp 2:30 p Geyserville, 7:25 p 7:23 p
Cloyerdale. |
7:.10a! 7:30 al Hcpland lld:2rJa|ib:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. ( 7:25 p[ 7:25 p
} I Wlllttj; j j
7:"0a| 7:30 a| gherwood. | 7:23 p| 7:23 p
8:C0a| 8:C«a| Guerneville and 110:20 a! 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pj Camp Vacation. J 8:45 pj 6:2Op
8:00* a 8:C0a 8:40 a* S:40a
5:10 p l>:30 a •Sonoma, 8:00 p* 6:20 p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p|
7:30 al 7:30 al ~ 110:20 a!lo72O_
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:23 p| 8:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Bulphur- Spnns»: at Fulton for Altrurla and
Mark West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at G.syservlllo for Skagss Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geyser*. Boonovllle and
Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs. Kclseyvllle. Carlnbaii
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*s Buknell'a.
Sanbedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Cornptche. Camp
Steyjns, Hopkins. Mendoctno City, Fort Bragg
Westport. Usal; at Wlllits for Fort -ragg)
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto, Covelo, Layton-
vtlle, Cum;nins, Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sens. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia,
and Eureka.
Saturday 'o Monday round-trip ticket* at r«-
duced lates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C50 Market street. Chronicle
bulUlne.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
TO SAN RAFAEL,
Illgllll^ ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauga Electric —
Deoart from San Francisco Daily 7:00, 8:00,
»0O 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:15.
616 «:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. 5:23. 0:35, 7:40. 8:33. 8:33. 11:05
a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:43. 4:43. 6:«5. «:43.
S: FROM :20 MIL_!" VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Daily. 5:45. 6:53. 7:62. 8:53. 9:55.
ll-V a- ni.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:03. 6:M. «:0a.
7:06. »:00. 10:33 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
5-15 p. ni. we«k days (Saturday excepted)
Tomales and way stations.
.3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
.stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. to.. Point Reyes and
way stations. ¦
TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st
DIRECTORY
X. RESPONSIBLE HOUSES,
ifcialogue and Price List) Malidi
on Application.
7SESS AND SAX.T BCBAT8.
lie RftYF^ R Cft Shipping Butchers. 10*
JA^. DUICJ S VU. aay. Tat Mala 12M
OH.S.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD * ELLIS.
418 Front st.. B. F. Phone Mala 1719t
' , PBX-TTXHa.
It V* UUUD-Jt HI Sansom. st. S. r.
Tr_ln» leave and *rm
duotoarrtvaat
SAN FRANCISCO.
Fiox Aj-sii. 10. 1304.
FlHJT DHPOT
(Foot of M-rket Street )
»«t« - MAIN LINE. -abmt_
74>0a Vae--tU«. w'laten. Kuawey- 7.50*
7.00* Benlcl*. Sulsna. Elmlrs aad 8»er»-
meato '. 7-20r
7J0* ValleJa N»p«. CalUtoim. SuU
Kom. MartlQfli, Sun Kamon m-2Or
7-30a Nlles. Llrermore, Tracy. Lat&rop.
8tock:on 7.20*
0430* Ehaiu Eiprei*— (Via Darli),
WllHamt (for Bartlett Sprtnga),
Wi:;owi. tFruto. Ked Mu2.
Portland. Tacoraa. Seattle 7-5O» p
I CO* Daru. Woodland. KnUhw Landtns.
Marytville. Oro»IUe 7-50f
8.30* Fort Cotta. Martinet. AnttocH.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Lo» Banoa. Utndott,
Armona. Banrord. Ylaatla,
Porterrtlle 4.20*
850* Fort Cosu. Lathrop. Modeato,
Merced. Freiao, liosnen Jaac-
tlon. Hanford. Vlialla. BakeTt-
field 4-60*
8.30* Kllei, San Jo«e. Urernore. Stock-
ton, (t Mil ton), lent-. Sacramento.
Flacerrllle. MaryarlUe. Cilco,
lied Bluff 420*
8.30* Oakd*le. Cnlnese. Jamattown. 9o-
norn. Toolnmne »ml Anxelt 4.20*
100* At'unttcKxpres*— Ogdenanci Kait. 11.20*
9 30* Rlchtnond. Martinez and Way
Stattona B50r
10 CO* The OTerland Limited — OZ'Jea.
Denrer. Omi_a, Chlcajo. 820*
1000* Vallejo 1220*
10-00* Los Anc»>i Pasn^B^er — Port
ljn;n. Martinez, nyron, Tracy.
I.nthrop. Stockton. MrrceJ.
Iiaymond. Fre»no. Gosnen .'uno-
t!»n. Hanford. I.r:n-;»rf, Vlraila.
Bakenaeld. Lot An«re!e» 7-20*
12 COm Hayward. Sllei and Way Station*. 3 23*
ti-OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamer* M1.0J*
S SQr Benlcia. Wlntb'*. Sacramento.
VToodland. Knlzbt* Landing.
MaryiTllle. Orovtlle and way
•titlona 13-50*
3.30* HaywaM. Nile* and Way Station*.. 760*
t.SOr fan Costa. Martinet. Hyr>in.
Tracy. L* tnrop. Modeito,
Merced. Berenda, Fremo and
War Stations beyond Port Cost* 12-23*
3-30r Tosemlta ValHr. - ¦* 9.20_i
330r Martinez. Tr»ry. StocKlon. Lodl... 102W
4430* Martlnez.San i:n._on.Val!rjo,!(apa.
Cmllatoga. 9»nta Uona 9-2C*
4 00* Kt'.es. Tracy. Stockton. I.odl 4.2l>
4.30* nayward. Xtle*. Irtlnflon. Saaj *3.5U»
Jo*e. LlTermoru » :1 1.5U*
C-CO* The Owl Limited — ?J« — ra*n. Lo*
H»du>. Mrndota. Freano. Talare,
BakeriDeld. Lo* Angeles 9-20*
6X0* Port Co*U. Tracy. Stotbmn 12 20*
fS 3Cp M«yward. Nile* and San Jose 7.23*
6.00* Hay ward. Nile* and San Jo*e 9 iO«
S.OOr Eastcrs Ex?r?D»— Ogi'-J. Dearer.
Omaha, St. Louia. CSIc«;o and
East. Port Coata. Dedcta. Sut-
¦un, KImira, Darts. Sftcramento,
Roekltn. Auburn. Co'.fax.
Trnckee. Boca. Keio, Wad»-
wnrth, Wlnnemucc* .... S-20*
I. OOp Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... » - en _
700* Vailf Jo, Sunday only f ' 0Br
7X0* Ulchmond. ban Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinet and IT ay Station* 11-20*
•XSr Orexon _ California Eipre«s— Sac-
ramento, Marysrtlle. Reddtsg.
Purtlsnd. Puft Sound and Kaat. 8-50*
S.10* Hay ward. Nile* and San Jote (3aa-
• dayonly) 11.50*
COAST LINE Marro- Uaage).
(Foot of Market Street )
7.4S* SantaCrazExcnrMon(Sandayonly) 8 10*
8.15* Kewark. Saa Jute.
Feiton, Boultier Creek. &anu
Crus and ~r«r Station* 6-St*
tS.IS* Newark. Cantr.rrllla. Saa Jo*a,
New Almaden. Lo* Uato£.Fe'.to_,
Boalder Cr««k. Santa Cms and
Principal Way Station* rtO-55*
4.15* Newark. Baa Joie. LoaUato* and t <S55»
way nation* )t10S6*
' OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from fcAN HIAM'lMt), JTootuf Markrt St. <Slln<>
~r.:lS »:TO 11:00*.*. 1C0 300 5 15*.*
From OAKLAND, Koot of llroadway — •«:(»> ta-tn
t»:ft> 10:iX> *.». 1200 200 4 00 r.M.
COAST LINE <Broad Ham),
m t-~ ( IPlrd anil Townnend Street*.)
6.10* Saa Joieand Way Station*. B-33*'
t7 00* Ban Jote and IT ay Station* 5 40?
7.15a Moaterey and Santa Crux Excar-
•lon (Sanday only) 10. 30*
800* New Almaden (Tnes.. Frid., only), 4.18*
tOO* Toe Coaster 1 — Stop* only San Jn»<».
tillroy (connection for Hoi Ha-
ter). Pajr«i. Castrorlllo (coa-
¦ectlun to and from Monterey
and Pacinc Orore). Saltna*. S*a
Ardo, Paso Rohlc*. Santa M«-
Itarl in. Saa Lul* Obispo. principal
ttatlon* thence Surf (cunaectloa
for Lo-jipo.-). principal *tattons
thence Santa Barbara, Saa Baena-
rentura. BnrbanV. Lo« Anje'.es . 13 4J>>
0.00* San Jo*«. Tre* Ptno*. Capltola,
SantaCrnz,Pactdcrirore.Sa!!naa,
Saa Lola Obispo and Prlnclsai
J9-|«-» San Joie aad Way Stattona 1.20*
11 JO* Santa Clara, s*n Jose. Lou Oatos
, _-_ and War Statlona 7.30»
¦ r» 6tn Jo« «nd Way Station* .". S 33*
SCO* Del Moate Kxprms-Santa Clara.
Saa Jo*o. Del Monte. Monterey,.
PaclSe Orore (connects at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Sant* .
Cms, Boulder Creek and Narrow
Gauge Point* > at Gtlroy for Uoh
lljter, Tres Plnoa. at Pajaro for
Sant* Cruz, at Castrovtila for
... Sallna* IMS*
?"?X_ Tm ptno * W * T P»»»en?er 10 4S*
J-30F Han Jo*e aad Way Station* tft.0OA
t5C0* SanU Clara, s«n Jose. Lo* Oato*,
aad principal Way Stations (ex-
.... cent Sunday) *9 00*
•S-rS* s *»>'o»e and Principal Way Station* (3 40-
m-45r -nn*«t Lfmttrd.— Ketlword. Saa
Jose, Gllroy.Saltnaa. Pa*o Uoblea,
Baa Lai* Obispo. Santa Barbara,
Los Aneele*. DemtBk'. Kl P»«o,
New Orleana. New York. Con-
aecu at Pajaro for Santa Crus
and at Ca»trur|!]« for -PaclSc
Grore and Way atatlons 7 10*
TB -15* 6au Mateo. Beresford.lt«lmont. Saa
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaica.
. Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS-43*
0 30r 8«n Jo»e and Way Swtion*. 8 39*
800* Pal. Alto and Way St*tl«il 1015*
11.30* South San Francisco. Mlllbrse. Bar
¦ - Itacame. 8aa Mateo, Belmont,
' Saa Carloa. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 945*
oii.oO* Mayneld. Mountain View. Snnny-
rale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
8wJt " t<.4a*
. u AforMorniait. P for Afternoon.
IBaaday excepted- J Snnday dnly.
- Satarday only.
1 Stop* at all ttatloa* oa 8naday
O^Oaly trains stopptnv at Vaicnct- St. soutihoan*
Mt. Tam alpais Railway
- \_*^_~~^» «w»Ul» tar; I Arrtw "
.+mrtM*d*» i^rfiutaa 7 8--^^^
as I as
•415,10:00a ralgjf -!io?S;So;
22SL \ «2« MAJUCtT ST_(Nort_ Show RaUr-Ljf
. <ns_l |u_S*nuxroF-_T. Foot "^tV-i*^
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ffATLWAJ T-tAVEL.
ISi2%ti_j^Hp»^i?Ci_(_.'''£-ifl?/iSE'985_8
X3TDIAIT CASTX.E JTEAK HEKMCSA
Castles, Cascades, Canyons, on the Routs
|J|p Union=Southern Pacific
i'Sffl? Round Trip Tickets to
lH5f St. lonis W=
OdVC UdlCo ? JUNE J, 2, J5, J6, 22, 23
~^f LATEE DATES WlXtXi BE ABTBTOUNC-UJ.
tl SEE S. F. BOOTH, General Agent, U. P. R. R.,
1 Montgomery Street •
Or any Southern Pacific AgentPORT ARTHUR NOT "BOTTliED."
Positive Assurance Is Sent by General
Pflus to the Emperor.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 8. — The
only gleam of brightness in the dark
cloud overshadowing the East lies in
the official Information from General
Pflug that Port Arthur is not' yet
blocked by the Japanese. How this
Information was obtained the officials
will not say, but they insist that it is
reliable and are satisfied that the de
fenders will prevent the success of the
further efforts which the Japanese un
doubtedly will make to "bottle" the
harbor. ,
LONDON, May 9.— In an %ccount of
the Kuliencheng battle, the Daily Mail
correspondent says:
"The moonlight broke into a splendid
dawn and revealed the Japanese army
drawn up as if on parade."
Then, after describing the shelterless
nature of the plain dividing the oppos
ing armies, the Daily Mail's account
proceed:
"The Russians did not respond to the
opening «f the Japanese fire, but re
mained silent and invisible. The Jap
anese line of infantry, miles long and
entirely exposed, advanced from point
to point, by swift, sudden rushes,
smartly executed in the most brilliant
style, firing steadily all the while. We
watched anxiously, excepting that each
rush would enter the zone of fire.
"The Japanese were working around
the sides of Kuliencheng Bay to their
position when the Russian trenches
suddenly poured a hurricane of rifle
fire into them with deadly effect. For
a moment the Japanese advance weak
ened and recoiled, then rallied and once
more went forward across the stream,
obtaining some shelter. in a dead angle
under the base of the mountain. The
Russians, not having guns, were unable
to reply to the continuous fire of the
Japanese artillery. The Japanese ad
vance was now marked by prostrate
bodies. In one instance two Japanese
shells did terrible execution among
their own men who were ascending the
slope.
"Two hours after the advance began
an officer suddenly appeared at the top
of the slope, waving a large Japanese
flag, sending an electric thrill through
the beholders, all far and near shouting
'Banzai.' "
According to the Standard's corre
spondent, the Russians put into action
only two batteries. It is reported that
they had with them 120 guns, including
eighty field guns and twenty quick
firers.
The Times correspondent under date
of May 8 says:
"The celerity and organization of the
recent Japanese movements Is remark
able. The second army, which began to
embark a fortnight ago. evidently re
mained at its base, pending the results
of the Yalu operations. If these had
proved unsuccessful. It would have be
come an auxiliary of the first army.
Meanwhile Vice Admiral Togo is wait
ing with his blocking steamers. The
Japanese officers at the front speak
in high terms of the stubborn bravery
which the Russian troops displayed In
their last stand at Hehoutang.
"Three small Russian steamers have
been captured on the Yalu." .
Gallant Charge of tlie Japanese
Against Kuliencheng Heights.
fact: murderous fire.
TOKIO. May 8, noon. — Every sup
plemental report received from Gen
eral Kuroki, commanding the first
Japanese army, Increases the Russian
casualties in last Sunday's battle at
Kuliencheng. The Japanese have
buried about 1400 Russians and have
503 of the enemy's wounded in the
field hospitals.
Japanese Inter Fourteen Hundred
Bodies on Battlefield.
BURYING RUSSIAN DEAD.
PRINCE TO MEET EMPEROR.
Son of the Kaiser Will Be Received
by the Korean Ruler.
TIENTSIN, May 8.— Prince Adel
bert, third son of Emperor William of
Germany, who is traveling on board
the German cruiser Hertha, left here
this afternoon for Peking. An audi
ence between the Prince and the Em
peror of China has been arranged for
May 17. The Prince will come back
to Tientsin on the 18th, and on the
19th he will return on board the Hertha
Prince Adelbert was in Korea last
week. He landed at Chemulpo and pro
ceeded to Seoul, where he visited the
German Minister to Korea. •
WAR B A LLOON - IN USE.
One Sent Up From Port Arthur Comes
Down Near Liaoyang.
PARIS, May 9. — The Echo de Paris'
St. Petersburg correspondent tele
graphs:
"Lieutenant General Linevitch is
operating in Vladivostok independent
ly of General Kuropatkin and under
Viceroy Alexieff's orders. It is . be
lieved that he will be summoned to
clear the Liaotung Peninsula. It is
expected that General RennenkampfC,
commander of the Far Eastern Cos
sack division, will join General Kuro
patkin.
"A balloon from Port Arthur has
come down near Liaoyang."
• It is pointed out that the abandon
ment of Southern Manchuria will be
beneficial to the Russians, as it will
enable the complete concentration of
the forces, which have heretofore
been scattered as a consequence of
ignorance as to what the enemy pro
posed to do.
that point were closed.
' Where General Kuropatkin's main
force is now stationed has not been
announced, though General Zassulitch
states that one cavalry regiment left
for Schlindjane. There continues to
be the greatest ignorance regarding
the plans of the commander in chief,
who is taking every precaution to pre
vent information reaching the enemy,
the censor at Liaoy&rig refusing to
pass a single press dispatch which in
any way indicates the Russian move
ments. . Messages from other points
are strictly censored.
Continued Froui Page 1. Column 5.
RUSSIANS ABANDON THEIR SUPPLIES
TOKIO, May 8. noon. — The casual
ties in the last attempt of the Japan
ese fleet to block Port Arthur, which
took place on May 3, are one officer
(Commander Takayangi. command
ing the steamship Yedo Maru), and
six men killed; four men seriously
and five officers and eleven men slight
ly wounded. . -
Fourteen officers and seventy-four
men are missing and eight officers and
thirty-six men were rescued unin
jured.
All of the officers of the 'blocking
ships, including Commander Taka
yangi, who was killed, have been
decorated and granted annuities by
the Emperor. -
to Block PorJ Arthur.
Lives Sacrificed in the Latest Attempt
JAPANESE NAVAL LOSSES.
WIJU, May 1. (via overland courier
to Seoul. May 8). — The army under
General Kuroki crossed the Yalu River
to-day. : : The Japanese soldiers drove
the Russians before them from strongly
fortified mountain posts Which should
have been held by a small army against
a greatly superior force. . ,
The Russian farces are estimated offi
cially to have numbered 10,000 men.
They removed the batteries during the
night, leaving, the infantry to cover
their retreat
The Japanese dislodged the Russians
by a frontal attack delivered apposite
Wiju. This attack might have, involv
ed the Japanese in enormous losses,
because they were obliged to advance
across an almost shelterless sand plain,
where their dark' uniforms made the
best possible kind of targets.
The retreating Russians were flanked
by two Japanese regiments, which cap
tured twenty-eight field "guns, twenty
officers and several hundred men. Jap
anese mountain batteries pursued, the
Kusians, but they-wererout
stripped by. the infantry, who /ffade
the captures among the hills some
miles b&yorid the river.
Two Russian regiments coming from
Hloko to reinforce their comrades were
badly cut to pieces.
All the ammunition for the Russian
artillery* and large quantities of sup
plies were captured.
Press Account of the Japanese A ic- r
tory at Kuliencheng.
DELAYED STORY OF BATTLE.
The • Daily Mail's correspondent at
NewchwanB. in a dispatch dated May
8, snys:
"Yesterday most of the Russian
troops retired to Tashihchao and dur
ing the night most of the guns were
removed from the fort and sent to
Liaoyang, where all the Russian forces
are concentrating. A ; conference of
the civil and military authorities was
held this afternoon and it was decided
to prepare to leave at a moment's no
tice."
LONDON, v .May 8. — The Morning
Post's Shanghai correspondent re
ports that Dalnywas captured on Fri
day, while the Tokio correspondent of
the Daily Telegraph, under date of
Sunday, says:
"Dalny was invested yesterday."
Conflicting Reports of Town's Invest
ment or Capture.
DALNY'S FATE IN DOUBT.
The Rusians apparently welcomed
the correspondent as an evidence that
there will be active .campaigning soon,
which was in signal contrast with the
correspondent's observations at Port
Arthur when the war opened, as the
correspondents there were regarded as
harbingers of evil and as being un
desirable on account of the war.
The lavish equipment of the railroad
includes many American locomotives,
all the rest of the equipment being of
Russian make. At Liaoyang the at
taches congregate at the railway sta
tion, which for the moment is the cen
ter of Interest, and dine at brilliantly
lighted tables in the crowded dining
rooms, discussing the meager news
which may have eluded the official
vigilance.
News of the progress of the war in
the regions to the west and south and
other information are exclusively re
ported in official dispatches, but upon
the correspondent's arrival here yes
terday Viceroy Alexieff extended to
him an invitation to submit duly cen
sored dispatches for transmission to
the Western press.
MUKDEN, May 8, 1 a. m.— The Asso
ciated Press correspondent finally re
ceived permission to proceed from
Xewchwang to Mukden by way of
Liaoyang. He was given a special car
on the main line after leaving New
chwang and received official courtesies
on the Journey.
Observations from the car window
were unique. The spectacle in many
places of artillery parks amid the
springing wheat and Cossacks lining
the road entirely changed the aspect of
Central Manchuria since the corre
spondent's departure from headquart
ers at Port Arthur more than two
months ago.
Notwithstanding the extensive mili
tary occupation of, and operations in
the eastern region, the country here
presents a singularly peaceful appear
ance. The farmers and natives appar
ently are undisturbed and are profiting
by the advance in the prices of pro
ducts.
The foreign guests of the Russian
authorities in Manchuria note the
business-like conduct of the war and
also the absence of excitement and are
surprised at the machine-like operation
of the railway.
UNDISTURBED BY WAR
Farmers in Manchuria Reap Harvest
of High Prices.
"We commenced the battle on May
1. helping the Twenty-second Regi
ment. The Japanese went for us on
all sides and we were not, behind them.
We charced a few times. The .; men
fought like lions and only fell back at
5 p. m... when, we" hadi lost^baljp»,.ou£
strength." The*U6ss*of Ihe" enemy* is. bc T
lieved to have been four thousand. They
used humane bullets." ,
LIAOTANG, May 8.— The first lot of
wounded from Kuliehchenff arrived
here yesterday. They were on a sani
tary train and are receiving careful
attention by medical officers. General
Kuropatkin was on the train, chatting
with the -\\-ounded. He distributed a
number of medals for gallantry in ac
tion.- Colonel Maister and Captain Fll
adeloff, who were among the wounded,
were interviewed by a correspondent,
to whom they made the following state
ment:
"Without fear of the enemy's artil
lery, on April 29, the Russians began
to prepare for battle. The Second Bat
tery and the Sixth "Brigade occupied
the Kullencheng position. On April 30
twelve of the enemy's three-Inch guns
appeared suddenly on an island oppo
site Kullencheng and then the battle
began. The enemy shot bravely, their
shrapnel bursting over our heads. In
a few hours our battery was destroyed":
by the enemy, who opened with how
itzers, which could not be seen, this
tending to demoralize /our men.
"Our ammunition was quickly ex
hausted and it was necessary in the
middle -of the battle to Issue a new
supply. All around shells were bursting
and splinters \Vere flying in every di
rection. Captain Shounkoff, under a
heavy fire, rushed 'forward and closed
the ammunition box. which otherwise
might have been exploded by the ene
my's shells, and then returned to the
battery.
"It was an awful one-sided battle
and lasted all day. Our, battery lost
heavily. Its horses were killed and we
wereSinable to withdraw the guns, and
we, therefore, destroyed and abandoned
them." ,
Captain Tickorjevsky,, an artillery
man. said: • . . ; .'.
Chats With the Wounded Being Con
veyed to liaoyang.
KUROPATKIN' GIVES MEDAI&
The name of the priest of the Elev
enth Regiment who led the gallant
charge and who was among the wound
ed is Tcherbackoffsky of the orthodox
Greek church.
General Kuropatkin says that no pris
oners were taken by the Japanese. He
admits that seven officers and 679 men
were left on the field, but it Is not
known whether they were wounded or
dead.
The casualties show that one-fifth of
General Zassulitch's command was
placed out of action. The Eleventh and
Twelfth regiments lost mere than half
their men in the fight. The third bat
tery of the Third Artillery Brigade
was almost annihilated, losing eighty
eight men killed or wounded and sev
enty-two out of 110 horses.
The second battery of the Sixth Bri
gade lost forty-four in killed or wound
ed and 108 out of 110 horses. The third
batten" of the Sixth Brigade lost twen
ty-four killed or wounded and forty
one horses. Of the machine gun detach
ment only twenty-six were not killed
or wounded.
"In consequence of the heavy losses
In men and battery horses and the dif
ficulties encountered in the country, it
was Impossible to bring away the guns
and machine guns.
"The Eleventh and Twelfth regi
ments, notwithstanding their losses,
were reformed in good order ujider the
protection of the Third Rifle Division,
which did not participate in the fight,
but which was brought up to cover the
retreat."
The list enables an exact statement
of the forces under General Zassulitch.
which were made up exclusively of
Eastern Siberians and included the
Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth and
Twenty-second regiments, a battalion
of the Twenty-fourth Regiment, all the
riflemen of the third battery of the
Third Artillery Brigade, the second and
third batteries of the Sixth Artillery
Brigade, the second company of Sibe
rian sappers and a machine gun de
tachment of the Third Rifle Brigade.
General Kuropatkin does not give the
strength of the Japanese, only report
ing that It was five times greater than
and far superior in artillery to the Rus
sian forces.
General Zassulitch confirms the re
ports of the enormous mortality among
the artillery horses and concludes his
report as follows:
•'Our losses on April SO and May 1 al
together amounted to seventy superior
and subaltern officers and 2327 killed,
wounded or taken prisoners. Of thia
total 10S1 were left on the battlefield,
but it is not known whether they were
killed or wounded.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 8.— The
Emperor has received a dispatch from
General Kuropatkin giving the report
of Lieutenant General Zassulitch of the
Russian losses in the battle of Kulleu
cheng. The report states that Major
General Kashtalinsky was injured in
the head by a stone. The brunt of the
fighting, General Zassulitch says, was
borne by the Eleventh and Twelfth
Rifle regiments and the Twenty-second
Regiment. The fighting was so dei
perate that the Russian regiments
were obliged to make several counter
attacks to cut a way for themselves
with the bayonet against the enemy,
who was far stronger than the Rus
sians and was supported by very nu
merous artillery.
In this fight, so terrible but glorious
for the Eleventh and Twelfth regi
ments, the losses in killed were four
officers, including the commander of
the Eleventh, and 4S1 non-commission
ed officers and men. ;The wounded were
one officer and S01 non-commissioned
officers and men and a chaplain, while
seven hundred others were left on the
field.
Russians here will not talk of the
situation, for fear that they may im
part some information. They do not
consider that their forces here are suf
ficient to hold this section of the coun
try. It is probable that the Russian
troops will withdraw to Harbin.
The Russian civilians at Newchwang
are leaving hurriedly, and many na
tives are fleeing the city In the fear
that they will be subjected to mal
treatment at the hands of the brigands.
It is reported here that VIcerojr Alex
leff was slightly wounded prior v to his
departure from Port Arthur. He barely
escaped from there before the Japanese
closed the lines of communication.
The Russian general staff has moved
from Uaoyang to Mukden.
NEWCHWANG, May 7. 9 p. m.—
There is every indication that the
Russians have decided to evacuate
Newchwang. Troops have been leav
ing here all day long. The forts have
been dismantled, and all the artillery
has been placed on board trains. AH
of the local transportation has been
commandered by the Russian authori
ties. _ • . .
There Is current here a native rumor
that*the Japanese " transports are in
Fuchow Bay (on the west side of.thft
Liaotung Peninsula, and about sixty
miles north of Port Arthur), but this
report lacks confirmation. . • ••
The fear is held here that If th» Rus
sians . leave and the Japanese do not at
once take possession of Newchwang
the brigands, who are now across the
river r near, TInkow, will ¦ pillage . the
place.' The foreign residents are pre
pared to resist the brigands . should
they come over. The British Consul
has requested that a gunboat be sent
to Newchwang. v
, The Russians probably will destroy
the gunboat Slvoutch before leaving.
The vessel is at Newchwang.
- Japanese troops fired upon what
probably was the last train out of
Port Arthur as it passed near Port
Adams. They used artillery and small
arms and , killed or wounded several
Chinese. ,- , •
The demonstration was held in
honor of the victories achieved by the
Japanese army and navy.
Tens of thousands of persons, car
rying lanterns, flags and banners,
marched. past the imperial palace and
the offices of the Foreign, War and
Navy departments. At the Navy De
partment they were reviewed by some
of the Imperial Princes and Princesses
and high officials of the Government
and the imperial household.
Many bands of music accompanied
the marchers and there were beautiful
displays of fireworks. Dozens of
American and British- flags were car
ried by men, women and children who
participated in the celebration.
It was the greatest demonstration
ever witnessed In Japan.
TOKIO, May 8. — During the pop
ular demonstration last night in Jionor
of the victories achieved by the Jap
anese forces twenty-one persona were
killed and forty injured. The killed
and injured were mostly boys, who
were caught against a closed gate at
an angle in the old palace walls by the
throng and crushed or drowned in an
old moat.
ST.* ETIENNE. France. May 8. —
Tht national rifle factory has re
relV*d order? for 200,000 Lebel rifles.
It Is believed that they are intended
for Russia.
French Rifles for Russia.
fHANHAlKWAN, May 8, 7:20 p. m.
— "lt : is reported h*re that there has
been." 6evere fighting at Fengwang-
Vtjsng. in which the Japanese were
;vi<norious. They took many prisoners.
lr The Russians are retreating toward
Haicheng. thirty-two miles east by
V.irrth jef Newchwang. and are evacuat
if.s -the western side of the L#iaotung
jv-r^n?u!a.
"-On Thursday and Saturday of last
.week tho Japanese landed 10,000 men
at "Kijachow Bay. 10,000 at Fuchow
V.vy, and 7000 at Pitzewo. They occu
"l'ie«i • the towns of Warungtien and
J'uJantien. and destroyed several miles
of the railroad.
Heavy firing has been heard in the di
feotlon of Kaichau. where Japanese
traijsfKwts have been seen recently.
* *Th* isolation of Port Arthur is com
r}lete. Sixteen Japanese warships pro
moted' the landing of troops at Kin
chow ' Bay, directing a sweeping fire
over the narrow isthmus before the
/oldiers disembarked. Seventy-five
Buszi&ZttC who were wounded in this
.lighting, were brought to Newchwang
<>?i- thf last train to arrive there.
•JF*od Is scarce at Mukden; the troops
th>re are eating beancakes.
The Russians are preparing to evacu
.ztp Newchwang, and that city is in a
turmoil of hurried flight.
•
p . • *
battle or fexgwaxgchexg.
C^«:mJ Cable to The Call »nd X«w Tortt H«
aid.- Ccpvrlght X9O4. by th« New York
UiersTfl Publusi^r.e Company.
* ST. PETERSBURG. May 8.— Admiral
4=kry.Qlcff is going to Vladivostok. Re
newed energy is being expended upon
fhe"*prepara;ion of the second Pacific
iquadron, which will consist of eleven
i: onclads and seventeen cruisers. Ac
cc-dlng to the latest project the fleet
¦will take the Cape Horn route, starting
(Tpna Kronstadt by the end of July. Ad
tairai.R©Jestvensky is now passing ail
J:is time at Kronstadt pushing forward
the work. Orders are out to-day for
Vt:e commanders of the Sissoi, the
Veiiki and the Navarin and Admiral
Nachimbpf Immediately to take aboard
ttrmarr.e.nts end prepare to start for the
lar East,
The fact that Germany has decided
to strike off a considerable number of
ESipt from her navy la particularly sig
jiifxant. In eplte of denials. I am as
sured that country has ceded two more
Toircdo-boats to Russia-
It has been calculated that the Japa
rfcse, forces in the Yalu combat included
5 5,000 men, 16.000 horses and 150 cannon.
Jt is understood that General Kodama.
<hief of the Japanese staff, will cross
,ir.e Yalu. concentrating a movement of
the two armies upon Mukden.
'Ylnkcw will have to be evacuated,
and. thereby • the Russians will lose
their touch with the Chinese, which is
t.eniflcant and of political Importance.
GRAXD DUKE CYIUL RETURNS.
Pet*opavlovsk Survivor Describes
Death of Gallant 3Iakaron\
ST PETERSBURG. May 8. 9 P- nx»—
Grand Duke Cyril has returned to St.
retwaburz from the Far East. He ar
rfved unostentatiously and onl> ms
t irr.Hv and a few friends were at the
railroad -station to greet him.
Tfc'e Grand Duke looks much thinner
th*a he did before he left for the scene
at hostilities, but the burns he received
ui rS» time of the disaster to the bat
';ic£hip PetropavlovEk, off Port Arthur,
lii^-tr healed and he complains now only
ci a v.Tcnched back.
Tfc'e first announcement made by
Grand Duke Cyril on his arrival was
th'at'he intended to return to the Far
Eat r t -with the Russian Baltic squadron
V*;d« r .command of Rear Admiral Ro
jestvensky. He -Rill go abroad soon on
ii "flying visit to his inamorita. the di
vorced ftife of. the Grand Duke of
|Ie£ce, who is a daughter of the late
lT^ke of-Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
.In an interview regarding his ex
perienoe at the time of the disaster to
The Tetropavlovsk, Grand Duke Cyril
t.rid:
i was •standing on the bridge beside
Vice 'Admiral JIakaroff. when 1 felt the
E&ock of the explosion. My first im
pn ssion was that a 12-inch shell had
entered the powder magazine and in
stinctively I leaped to the other side of
¦». he "bridge. Vice Admiral Makaroff
di^'not mow. In the twinkling of an
<*e I -cHmbed the rail and dived into
Che- 'crater. On coming up. I saw Mak
arorf still at the same place gripping
the "rail, hi? face streaming with blood.
I was weighted with a heavy overcoat
and*. could not keep afloat. I went
<1nw n. but on rising caught the floating
WTfCk *of a boat. Two seamen recog
tii7fd .me and helned. to support me un-
The Russians are preparing to evacuate N'ewchwaag, evidently
intending to surrender the place without a "struggle. Inhabitants
of Newchvnms: arc fearful that Chinese brigands will attack them
during the interim between Russinh evacuation and Japanese occu
pation.
An official Japanese report records the captnre of Pulantien, a
town to the north of Port Arthur, where the latter stronghold's
telegraphic communication was- severed. It is claimed that Viceroy
Alexieff was slightly wounded previous to his flight from Port
Arthur.
Some fighting attended the occupation of Fengwangcheng by the
Japanese, although the main Russian army had already withdrawn
from the place Before retreating the* Russians blew up their
magazine, but quantities of hospital stores fell into the hands of the
Japanese. •
The Call's St. Petersburg correspondent telegraphs that a Rus
sian fleet, consisting of eleven ironclads and seventeen cruisers,
will sail for the Far East in July. It will go by way of Cape Horn
and attempt to reach Vladivostok.
General Zassulitch has sent a revised statement of the Russian
losses in the battle of Kullencheng, reporting that ' they total 2807
officers and men. Some of the commands lost more than half of
their men. '
A celebration of Japanese victories was marred in Tokio by an
accident in which twenty-ono persons were killed and forty injured.
THE CALL'S SUMMARY OF WAR NEWS.
Enormous Russian
Losses in Yalu
Battle.
Warships to Sail
for Far East
in July.
Newchwang to Be
Evacuated by
Russians.
Many Are Killed
at Celebration
in Tokio.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 0/ 1904.
RUSSIA IS TO SEND A GREAT FLEET AROUND CAPE HORN
3
Your Nerves
Are th* life, th* vitality, the energy of
your body.
¦ • It 3s the nerves that cause th« heart
to pulsate, th* lungs to inhale tbe oxy-
fzf'n. the brain to direct the motion of
every organ of the body, the stomach to
digest food, the liver to secrete the bile,
Vi;e kidneys to {liter the blood, and the
bowls to carry off th« xvaste.
When the nerves of the stomach be-
\~on;e weakened or exhausted, Indlges-
tton. Constipation and Inflammation re-
*alt. because the stomach is Inactive.
This if? true of all the organs of the
<>oay. and proves that to oure disease you
must strengthen the nerves.
Dr. /Allies' Nervine
Is t the irreat ppeclflc for the nerves, and
'n bringing them back to health never
. ial!s to cure all crses of Nervousness,
Sifeplessnftss, I\e:jralgia. Headache,
Spasms, na^lcaohe, Muscular Twitehings,
. Sf; 'Virus' Dance. Epilepsy, Stomach.
"i.iv^r and Kidney troubles.
"For 2 years physicians and health re-
K<Trts faHed to relieve m«> of a complica-
tion of stomach, liver, kidney and heart
'nfTectior.s. Six bottles of Dr. Miles' Ner-
vine cured me." — G. W. ARCHBOLD.
<;r<<cer. Decatur. Ind.
* The-flrst bottle will benefit you. if not,
flie druggist will return your money.
• Tonka, the usual cheat for
vanilla, costs one or two cents
for a certain amount;
Schilling's Best vanilla a dol-
iar.
.. One is strong; the other is
fine. One is rank; the other is
delicate. Nevertheless four-
fifths" of "vanilla" is tonka.
The 98 cents accounts for it.
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura- .
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of : :
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous germicide, which
allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue. Absolutely harmless.
Used and endorsed by leading
physicians everywhere.
Sold by leading druggists, or trial
bottle sent, prepaid, on receipt of
25 cents.
The genuine bears my signature
on every bottle. Address
CO Cfcftok^k^*' New t«fc.
Coughs
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured with Dr. Ha!-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to -i p. m.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
Museum of anatomy^
\ CjT Tin U)|tit An«to«>lc«! Mui«um l» the \
0 .-UJTi'm. Wwld. WMtaain .r utj coatneletl A
' 5?2?5i} di""* t^lU'Ifrtrwl^ the oldest X
O 325 £| 1 Specliliu on the Cowl Est. 36 yen* Q
6 flfttf J 09. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
A j j&W£ H Tr«»rm«ot personally at by lett.r. A Q
\ P W M ff '¦**" Cwrt ta rrery cftia wul«Ttakea. Y
A P if \\B* Wf-tthr Bwik. PULSaOPHY at A
V * I it* ¦iaaiAH. MAtua rust, uf
A <i (m **J** bl< book '•"¦ »>*¦) A
Y tin. JUBDiX A * O.. 1051 Mark*! 3t-,S. P. Y
¦^^^^^^^¦¦^P^^^l^P^^i^^p^^^^^^^^^^^a^^^^^i^^^^a^^^a^B^^^i^^^^tBBBBV
*jggsBS&Jl MENANDWQMEft,
<&t®MpVXn&Z*Sfx U«>BI*Gforunn»ttir»i
jKOrr. 1 «o t « >T >. Vfl dUcharzs(,ina»air»tioa*.
jGw>Sr eiw«t«* >9 irritation* or ulcamtiam
£i*»af net ta urtstare. bt UOCOO! m«abrHM.
I>-tI TrvnmU CaatafUa. P»lai»M. »nd not Mtrta*
g?nmETmCa£MiCAlCa. g»at or fotionoui.
*£fflk CI«IH!UT1,O.B33 •*!<» *T DrnwUta,
wA&tK u.s.4. >Pa or i9nt in *>'*'* wr *7?«r.
JXi£9^ br <?xprt«». pr«p«id. tor
'ICO. or 3 bottles *2.71.
* Circular wet oa mawt.
OCEA2T TRA vrt.,
eSt«am«r8 leav* Broadway
wharves, plera 9 and 11.
San Francisco.
For Kstchikan. Wnogfl.
Juneau. Hainea, Skagway,
etc., Alaska — 11 a. m.. May
5. 10. 15. ->\ 25, SO. June 4.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
i Port Townsend, Seattle. Taccrna, Everett. Bel-
j llnrham— H a. m.. May 5, 10, 13, 20, 23. 30.
I June 4. Chans- at Seattle to this company'.?
! steamers for Alaska and O. W. Ky. ; at Seattle
I or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver tt»
C. P. Ry.
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :3O
p. m.. May 4. 10. IK. 22. 28: Spokane, 1:SO
p. ra.. May 1. 7. 13, 19: Corona. May 25. 31.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Dle*o and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, ft a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. » a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
! San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mont-
' terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Hartord (San
I Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
i Bonita. 9 a. m.{ May 7. 15. 23. 31. June 8.
Santa Cruz. 8 a. m.. (freight only) May 11. 19.
For Eosenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
i Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of eaet»
1 month. For further Information obtain fold»r.
I Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
; dates.
TICKET OITICES — 4 New Montsrom-
1 ery st. (Palace Hotel), lo Market st. and Broad-
way wharves, rreijrh* Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNAXX. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market at., 6>an Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. win
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
NOME
— ANI>—
ST. MICHAEL
DIRECT.
S. S. PORTLAND
CAPTAIN J. M. HATS.
(Carrying U. S. Malls.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCX) DIRECT.
m/%Y 21 (about)
Taking freight for
TOPKUK and SOLOMON
DIRECT
AND ALL YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For Freleht and Passage Apply to
HOETHEB5 COMMEKC1AI. CO.
523 Cronsley buildins. cor. Mission and New
Montgomery sts., San Francisco.
TOYO KiSEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leare wharf, corner First »a4
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, railing at Kob« (Hloso>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting as
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. Xo<
cargo received on board on day of saillas*
6 8. AMERICA MARU
Thursday, May 12. I0^»
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. Fur freight and passage apply at Com.
Dany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent
O. /?. & N. C<5b
OREGON sail* April 27. May 7. 17, 27. Jnn»
8. 16 and 28. GEO. W. ELDER sails May 2.
11". 22. June 1. 11 and 21. Only steamship Un-
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all. points East. Through ticket 1 *
to all points. Steamer tickets include tertn,
and meals. Steamer sails foot of. Spear st. a*
11 a. m. S- F. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pas*.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD, G«a.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
•
AAAanloC V PA «*»»». iakm. ant
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, May 14. 11 a.m.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Syndey. Thurs.. May 26. 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahitlt. May 23. 11 a. ra.
J.D.SFBECXELS k B203. C0.,i2t3.,Tli:i!t fllcj 513 HlT-
tet sl, mum ffincs 329 Mamt St., Pisr 7. Pi:i3) m
C02IP16BIS eXSSSALX TBAlfSATLAimQHL
DIRECT LINE TO UAVRE-PAJUSw
Sailing every Thursday Instead o£ *-&C£3^»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pter 42. -3BOK 1
North River, foot of Morton it.
First class to Havre. $70«and upward. Sec-
ond clarfa to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
Jfew Ycrkl J. F. KCGAZI & CO.. 1-aclflc Cwut
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Ranmad Ticket Agents
Mare Islaad «nd Van»JO Steameta.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONT1CELLO—
0-45 a, m.. 3:15 and S:3O p. m.. except.Sund»y.
Sunday. 9:43 a. m., &: 4 M p. m. Leaves Valleju
T a. nL. 12:20 and « P. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* UQ canit,
TeLMato 130S. Pier 2. MlMlowC «eclfa
HATCH BROS
ADvJfli&'X'.LaisiiT'.tijrjLS.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
Facts for the Man
For ten years we have been telling the public op San 1 SlfflB^^S'^^^^^S
Francisco about our $10 suits. ' •
It has cost us in that time thousands of dollars. ' Ik^^^^I&I^^^
tailoring shop to the biggest outfitting store west of Chicago. lSBPBiiii^tif
There is good reason for this growth. We have always M^^B^R|P9
backed up our statements with the. proper merchandise. *5SiS ISllilra
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town lllstiB&Sm iBffl§ii
Cop. Powell .and Eddy "Streets /Trolley Cars Turn Over.
BERKELEY, May S. — Sunday
school workers 1 of Alameda County
will hold their semi-annual conference
Thursday morning at 10 o'clock at the
Friends' Church, Haste street, near
Shattuck avenue.. At the mornins? ses
sion addresses will be delivered by
George P. To'.son and Professor
George M. Strntton. Mrs. L. M. Worth
of Oakland, thd Rev. ftfadtsbx) Slaugh
ter and the Rev. R. C. Brooks will
speak at the afternoon session. In
the evening the Rev. T. A. Boyer. of
Oakland will deliver ani address oa
"The Ultimate Purpose of the Sunday-*
School/'
Sunday-School Convention.
St. Joseph's Fair to Close.
ALAMEDA, May 8. — St. Joseph's
Church fair in Lafayette Hall will
close to-morrow night. At that time
all of the, prizes will be awarded and
the remaining stock in the booths auc
tioned
OAKLAND, May 8. — Birdie Mc-
Ginnls,. 14-yea J rs old, who disappeared
Friday from the home of Mrs. Mattle
McGinnis. her mother, at 508 Tele
graph avenue, was located to-day with
her father, J. B. McGinnis, at Fresno.
The Oakland police were advised that
the girl had gone to "her father, pre
ferring to be vflth him rather than
with her mother. The father and
mother are divorced.
Missing Clilhl Is Found.
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert D. Clark departed thle
evening for Placer County, , where they will
¦pend a week.
"Everyman" will be presented In Convent
Hall of Notre Dame Academy on Friday even
ing, the 20th last. - All of the participants In
thq . old . moral play will be students at the
academy. '. i.
Miss Caro McFarland, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Benjamin S. McFarland of this city, was
married In Portland. Ore., last Wednesday
evening to John W. E. Van of that place. Th»
bride was well known tn musical circles here
and was "for several years the organist or
Carita Chapter 'No. 115, Order of the Eastern
Star.
William Everts entertained the members of
the Friday evening Assembly at his home on
Santa Clara avenue Friday night. Cards were
played and prizes were won by Miss Ruth
Notnagle, Miss Ethel Miller, Ralph Marx and
Nlran Sw«t.
ALAMEDA. May 7.— Rev. Frank S. Brush
of the First Presbyterian Church will leave
with Mrs. Brush on next Monday for an ex
tended 'tour of the Eastern States. Mr. Brush
will attend the General Assembly of the Pres
byterians, to . be held in Buffalo on the l!>tli
Inst. Before returning the clergyman and his
wlf3 will visit the St. Louis Exposition. Dur
ing the Rev. Mr. Brush's absence his pulpit
will be filled by Rev. Charles Elliott Smith of
Palo Alto and Rev. C. R. Callender, a re
turned missionary.
Mr. and Mrs, Howard Perreau entertained a
number of friends Friday evening at their
home. SOS Channlng way. Progressive whlxt
served to make time fly and prizes were
awarded to MIfs Martin. Miss Josephine
James and Dr. J. J. Benton. The guests were
Mrs. Dollle Mitchell. Miss Anna Morris. Miss
Lulu Jungck. Miss Martin, Mies Irene Mitchell,
Dr. Benton, E. A. Bchrader and Herbert James.
BERKELEY. May 8.— "The Mascot." a
three-act comedy, was presented at the Shat
tuck Opera House last evening by a troupe of
San Francisco amateur actors for the benefit
of St. Joseph's Academy. There was a large
gathering of people and It is understood that a
considerable sum was cleared for the purpose
for which the affair was' given.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Errors — Casey (2). Hannivan, Nordyke.
Lynch. Hogan. Van Haltren. Brashear. Hall.
Struck out— By Overall. «J; by Barber, 7.
Bases on ball*— By Overall. 2: by Barber. 4.
Passed balls— Graham. 3. Stolen bases—
Casey. Smith. Twc-ba*e hits — Hannivan,
Overall Mohler. Frlck. Earned runs—Seat
tle 2 ' Sacrifice hits — Graham. Hogan. Dela
hahty. Barber. Left on bases^ — Tacoma. 8;
Seattle. ». Time of game — 2 hours. Attend
ance—3600. Umpire— O'Connell.
SUMMARY.
Totals. 30 2 5 24 111 Totals. 33 5 7 24 9
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 1 0 10 0 0 0 0 — 2
Base hits 2 0 102000—5
Seattle 2 100O020— ft
Base hiU 1 1 O 0 1 1 3 0 — 7
AB. R. H. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
rasey.2b. 3 2 11 2 VHTn.cf 4 10 10
H'van.rf 4 O 1 1 1 Mohl'r,2b 4 2 12 2
K'd'ke.lb 4 0 2 11 1 Derty.3b 3 0 0 13
Egan.ss. .'! 0 0 1 1 Frick.lf. 4 12 2 0
Lyneh.Sb 4 0 0 12 Smlth.rf. 4 0 2 11
McL*n.lf 4 0 0 1 1 R'hear.lb 3 10 7 0
Grah'm.c 2 0 0 0 0 Hall m. 4 O O 3 1
Hogan.cf 3 0 0 10 BKship.c 4 0 17 2
Overall. p 3 0 114 Barber. p. 3 0 10 0
TACOMA. May 8. — In a drizzling
rain Seattle took the morning: game
from Tacoma. Errors, aided by timely
batting, won the game for the visitors.
The game was called at the end of
the eighth inning to give the players
time to reach Seattle for the after
noon game. Attendance. 3500. Score:
MORNING GAME.
Tacoma — I Seattle —
Overall's Fielders Krr.
TACOMA, May 8.— The Yukon River
has opened for navigation excepting for
ice jams at Five Fingers, Ogilvie, Daw
son and Fortv Mile. The ice broke in
front of Dawson yesterday. The steam
er Emma Nott was crushed there, and
other steamers caught last fall between
L-ebarge and the Stewart River are be
lieved to. have been crushed as the ice
jams moved down the river.
The river has opened fifteen days
earlier than last year, making the open
ing the earliest known. Thousands of
dollars changed hands as a result of
betting on the date of the break-up.
An ice jam thirty feet high formed be
low Dawson and still holds. Steamships
tied along the Dawson water front are
in danger of being crushed when this
jam breaks.
Thirty horses belonging to traders
and the White Pass mail service have
been drowned by the breaking of the
ice on Lake Lebarge. This lake usually
remains frozen a month later than the
river itself. Freighting across Lebarge
has been Impossible. v
Sluicing in Klondike Creek is in full
swing:. The clean-up will reach $10,000,
000, to be brought out by steamers dur
ing June and July.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Errors — Williams, Casey. Earned runs — Ta
coma 2. Two-base hits — Lynch. Van Haltren.
Smith, Frisk. Home run — Eagan. Stolen
ba«es — Lynch. Wilson. Double play — Brashear
to Mohler. Sacrifice hits — Casey, Hannivan.
Basts on balls — Off Thomas 3, off Williams 2.
Hit by pitched ball— Williams I. Struck out—
By Williams 3. by Thoma* 2. Wild pitch — Wil
liams. Passed ball — Graham. Left on bases —
Tacoma 0. Seattle 11. Time of game — 2 hours.
Umpire — O'Connell. Attendance 5000.
Seattle 0 2 0 0 O 0 »0 0 0—2
Base hit 22112111 2—1.1
Tacoma 1 0 10 0 10 0 1 — 4
Base hits 0 12112002—0
SUMMARY.
Seattle—* J Tacoma—
AB.B. 11. P.A. AB.R. H. PA.
Vn Hn.cf 5 0 11 0 ,Casey.2b. 2 113 2
Mhler.2b 4 O O S 4 Hanvn.rf 3 O 1 O O
DIhny,3b 5 O 0 O 2,Nrdyk.lb 4 0 O 1O 1
Frisk. If 4 O 2 1 0!Eagan.ss 4 12 2 8
Smith. rf 5 0 .1 3 0 Lynch.3b 4 13 0 2
Brshr.lb 3 0 2 7 SlMcLln.ir 4 0 12 0
Hall. ss. 4 1 1 « 0 Grahm.c 2 0 0 fl 1
Wilson.o 3 12 3 8 Hogan.cf 4 0 0 2 0
Wlllins.p 4 0 2 13 Thoms.p 4 112 1
Totals. 39 2 13 27 IS Totals. 31 4 0 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
SEATTLE, Max 8. — The hbme team
outhit Tacoma in the afternoon game,
but could not convert Its hits Into runs,
as did the visitors. The score:
Tacoma'a Timely Hits.
Early Breaking of lee at
Dawson Causes Wreck of
the Steamer Emma Nott
ICE IN YUKON
CRUSHES VESSEL
EJawrd atad Mary Nelson to ?. A. SMeMs.
lot en E lin<? of Maple street (Maiden lane).
213:4 S of Ninth (Taylor). S 2« by E 75. lot
T map survey 1549 for John Zlegenbeln. Oak
land: 910.
J. A and Margaret Schreiner to Jo* and
Mary Arena, lot on S line of Twentieth »tre«:.
or Delger 557:3 E ot Saa Pablo avenue. B
S3 by *» WJ being portion of lota 2-"» and 20,
block £CC2 'Hogan Tract. Oakland; %10. .
W Andrews and Llndah M. A. Know!**
(Adams) to Jofcn W. Nuby. lot on K corner of
Twenty- first avenue and Cast Twenty-first
street NE B2:« by SE 1«O. block B7. map of
northirn addition to Brooklyn. East Oakland;
$10.
Allc« O White- (wlilow> to B. IT. Welch,
lot on N corner of Eaat Eighteenth atreet and
Eleventh avtnue NE 175. NW 150. SW 50.
SE 50. SW 125" SE 100. Mock 100. Clinton.
East Oakland; I" 10.
H. H. and Mary A., or Mary Amanda
Colby to Eugene Colby ison). undivided half
interest in lot on NE line of Eaat Twelfth
street. HX> SE of Eleventh avenue. NE 5O.
NE ISO NW 50. 8W 150. lots 6 and 9. block
41 Clinton Ea«t Oakland; flO.
Louis T. and Florenc* Gertrude Hansea
(wife) to Mary Edith Jone% (wife of Chaxlea),
undivided one -third; Benjamin F. Harrison,
undivided on« third; Florence Gertrude- Hans«n
(wife of Loula T.) undlTlded one-third, lot on
NE lin« of East Tenth street, 70 NW of Ninth
avenue NW 70. NE 15O. SE 40. STV 30 8E
30. SW 120. block IS. Clinton. Eaat Oakland;
8 Ann* S. and Hugh Hogan to TU1J« K. Spear
(wife of Charles H.). lot on N lla« at Haakell
street, 100 E of San Pablo avenue. N 23 to be
ginning, thence N 50 by E 23. being E 25 f««t
of lots 2 and .1. may resubdlvlslon of portion oi
blocks D and E. Carrlson Tract. Berkeley; JIO.
Puget Sound Lumber Company (corporation)
to same, lot en N line of Haskell str«9t. 100
E cf San Pablo arenue. E 23 by N 25, bal&c
E 25 feet of lot 1. «anse. Berkeley; $10.
Dwtght Way Realty Company to Hannah B.
Rulofson. lot on NK corner of Regent aad
Rusaell streets. N" 60. E 118. S to N line of
Russell W 143.&3 to beginning et portion et
lot 12, black H. Berry-Bangs Tract, nap No. 2,
Berkeley; $100.
Hugh and Ann* S. Hogaa to O. T. Keyswr.
lot on E line of San P»blo arent:*. 23 N of
Haikell street. N 50 by E 100, being W 100
feet cf lots 2 and 3. map r*»ubdlTlsloa of por
tion of block I> and portion of block E» C*f
rison Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Puget Sound Lumber Company (corporation)
to same lot on NE corner of Haskell street
and San'Pablo avenue. E 100 by N 23, being W
100 feet cf lot 1. same map. Berkeley: $10.
Adam and Frances Jacobs t:> T. A. Whit*,
lot en NE corner Twenty-fourth and Majcr.nl:*
streets. N 10O by E 32. block 043, BoanlmA&'«
map. Oakland. $10.
A N. and Ada I. Burgess to Robert O. mad
Imogene Stine. lot on SE corner Weston ave
nue and Gold street. E 30 by S 120; portion of
lot 5. blcck C, i'rt-adway and Telegraph ave
nue Homestead. Oakland; $10.
George W. Dodge (single) to A. I* Krstsa,
lot on N line of Edwartis street. 200 E of Tele
graph avenue. E &f> by N 123; lot 6. Paclfla
Theological Seminary Tract. Oakland: $10.
EdlUi True Tates (single) to Martin B. and
Julia A. Brady lots 5 to S. block B. map Ade
line street property, etc., deed made to perfect
title to above described property as deeded to
second parties September 2, 1903, Oakland,
quitclaim deed: $1.
Michael Callaghan (executor estate of Susan
Lopes) to Bessie McDermott. let en NE line of
East Sixteenth street. 7» NW of Twelfth ave
nue NW U7. NE 100. SE 10. SW 21. SE 27.
SW 70 block S8. Clinton. Eaat Oakland; U70O.
Puget Sound Lumber Company (corporation)
to G Vandenpeerebocm. tot 11. block E. Peralta
Heights. East Oakland; $10. —
J»an«-tte and Matthew Harris to FrUt* Iloner
(»,1fp of Joseph) lot on W line of Henry street.
ISO N of Vine. N M by W l.tS. lot t« block 2.
Graves and Taylor Tract. Berkeley; Jlo .
Mary E. Moore tslnsle) to <»r»c* V.. Morti
mer (wife of W. J>. lot 12. block IS. Dnley s
ts^rilc Park Tlerkcl'v: *t'».
Lewl.-Tc Harm-n (single* to Peter Madsen.
lot on N line of Woolsey (Kent) street. lt*> W
of West Tremont. N 1<*> by W 4<\ being por
tirn of lot 17 Moofc U. Amended map New
burv Tract. lnp!..t 51. etc Berkeley; $l,v
Peter and JDorthea Madsen to Ayrea P.
Gonxales. lot on S line of Wooispy (KenO
stWft ») W of Tremcnt. said point b*in* !O.2
W from West Tr'nwnt as now located an/1
graded thence S P2.2S. NE 4<>.2. N .«h.2O. -W ?«>
to beginning, being portion of lot 2. hlock T.
amended map Newbury Trnct. In plat 51.
Itancho V and P. Peralti. Berkeley; $10.
Mnry Louise and C. R. Jordan to R. W.
Rnble lot on E line of Henry street. 2SO N of
Rose N 40 by E 13S, bolns portion of lot 6.
block 20. property Berkeley Villa Association.
Berkeley: $10.
Judson and Catherine C TVhe<-W tn Frwrnm
O B'.enes*. lot «•. block 1. Wheeler Tract.
Berkeley, deed ar.rt agreement: $10.
Alameda County.
3ATUUDAT, MAT 7.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
UN1VERSIIY EVENTS
TAFT TAKES UP
PITCHER'S CASE
EERKELET. May 8.— Olie F. Snedlgar ha*
b«*n awarded the North medal for the most
conscientious work among the athletes of the
university for this year. The award was made
ty PreFldent Wheeler. Colonel George C. Ed
wards and Fred \V. Koch, who chose Snedipar
for the distinguished honor because of hie
fidelity u> training, his £»od spirit and suc
cess, though this last qualification was not the
chief factor in determining the Judges. S»ned-
I?ar is what may be called an all-round rr.an.
He run* the 100-yard dash in ten seconds, the
220-yard da*h. and besides is good In the
broad jump and the hammer throw. He is a
etr.lor in the college of social science. The
rneCal that will be given Sncdlgar Is the gift
of Arthur W. North of the clans of '93. It
will be preiKTited to him on class day.
Owing to the fact that the bids for the grad-
Ing cf the Hlllrgast tract for the new football
fi'Id are much higher than It was thought
they would be the special committee In charge
of the bids is trying to modify the plan* ao
that the cost will come within the evUmate.
The lowest bid for the grading was JHJ.4V>.
which ie altogether beyond the amount figured
upon by th* executive committee of the Aa
rociatrd Students. The bleachers are to cost
from $7000 to *S00O. so the entire cost will
amount to $l£»,'J0O. In ortfer to come within
bound* It lr now proposed to confine the grad
ing pimply to the proposed football field, :eav
ln«r the space re*erved for the baxcball n. 1 1
until some other time. The work of readjust
ment Is In the handa of a committee consist-
Ing of John Galen Howard. Colonel George C.
Edwards and James K. M of lilt.
The annual review and Inspection of the
university cadet regiment will take place on
th« ctmpui to-morrow morning at II o'clc£k.
The student soldiers will be inspected by a
United Suites army officer, who will repon to
the Government his observations. There will
also be a competitive drill by the companies
for a. trophy.
b: aJCgeusts are holding
TENT REVIVAL MEETINGS
J Ihusiastie Ministers and Others
Try * st ' r R**"« vtl d Interest
In Rclijrion.
OAKLAND, May 8. — A committee
. of fifteen, chosen from five churches
of this city, hae entered into work
along. evangelistic line* in West Oak
. land. The committee has decided to
.hold a tent meeting campaign and
the first meeting took place this after
noon.
A large tent has been raised at
Fff-.h and Peralta. streets and seats
have been provided for. a large con
gregation. The churches in charge
are the Calvary Baptist. Market-Street
Congregational, Union-street Presby
terian, Chester-street Methodist and
the Second Congregational; The of
ficers, of the association are Rev.
Madison Slaughter, president; Rev.
•Richard Hardin, vlce.president; Rev.
Dvight E. Potter, secretary, and
Daniel Robertson, treasurer.
" Tnv idea embodied in the work is
jo reach a class of people in the west
_«?rn section of the city who never at
[t?nd churches and who have aban
'doned Interest in religious 'work.
Mf-otings will be held ' islx nights a
v.eek and four of the churches have
«frreed to close doorg on Wednesday
and Sunday nights that their congre
gations may assist in furthering the
movement.
W. J. Fpeors is advertised to Rpeak
¦" every night this week and a set of
rfreoptlcon views is promised. Meet
•Jr.gs for men only will be held every
*Sur.diiy afternoon. Police Captain W.
J. Pc-:?rwn has bc«m secured for one
<of thf Ki>e.ikcrR and an effort is being
mafie to secure President Wheeler of
the university.
STRAINS OF MUSIC ECHO
THROUGH GREEK THEATER
One Thousand Music Lovers Attend a
Sunday Afternoon Concert at
the University.
BERKELEY, May 8. — A thousand
people attended the concert given in
the Greek theater at the University of
California this afternoon for the bene
fit of . the students* clubhouse loan
fund. Last Sunday there were five
thousand people at the oratorio, but
then there was no charge for admis
sion. However, a thousand 25c pieces
means $250, and the loan fund will
start with at least a significant
nucleus.
It was an excellent programme the
committee in charge arranged for this
concert. Dr. H. J. Stewart of San
Francisco directed the orchestra and
there were a number of well-known
soloists — Miss Caroline Halsted Lit
tle, soprano; Mrs. L. Snider-John
son, contralto; S. Homer Henley,
barytone John Marquardt, violinist;
and Mme. Marquardt, harpist. One
number was given by the University
Glee Club. The programme was as
follows:
Overture In E (Max Bruch); aria. "O God.
Have Mercy." St. Paul (Mendeliwohn), S.
Homer Hw.'.ey: recitative and aria. "Angel*
Ever Bright and Fair" (Handel), Miss Caro
line HnlHtM Little; harp solo. "Cascade"
(Zabel). Mme. Marquardt; part song. "Reveries"
tStorch), TTnlvprnlty Gle<5 <Mv',: aria. "Joan
of Arc" (B^mberK). Mn. L. Snider- Johnson:
violin rnto largo (Handel). John Marquardt;
¦on*. "Lords of Bong" (Stewart). 8. Homer
Hcnlpy; vongs. "Bible Song*" (Dvorak), Mlsa
Caroline Halsted Little: orchestra, "Procession
to the Minister" (Lohengrin), Wagner.
LEAVES HIS PULPIT :
TO GET NEEDED REST
. ' . . . .' q. > Delicacy. f
a ?3 I? li Z' •"<¦>
¦ • o OS ne "«¦' Ob
p *Q ~i% ig ,3 (» ¦
contestants £ r' i?S £3 Bo' rf
r : r* " « ' : '
. ¦ . , • a :
f • : : ~ ; i
Dr.W.E. Brooks 92 82.4 95.8 02.8 94.1 78~i
Dr.W.E. Brooks ... .. 'J2 93.4 92.8 78
Dr.W.E. Brook* :.. .. 92.5
T.W. Brotherton 121U 90.8 JW W-* *>•"». 8 83.3
T.W. Brotherton 104 .. 94.4[»7.6 93.1189.1
II. C. Golcher.; 11U .. .. I
F. M. HalKht. .. 70 .. ..
Chsrleii Huyck. 8& >.. .. ' ... -., ..
J. O. Ilarron 88.8175.10 81.3
A. Pprrry 74 87.4 R2.4 S2.6 82.5 ..
A. Sparry 72 .. . 89.8 85.10 H7.0 ..
H. B. Sperry... '90 .. 90.4 88.4 89.4 ..
C. ft. Kenniff .. .. 96.2
J. 1. Kenniff... 120 85 91 97.6 04,3 96.4
J. "¦«. Kennlft... 117- 02.8 .. ... ...
W. D. Manafleld ... 91.8 03. 8107. « 95.7 95;5
\V. D. Mansfield ... ..95.4198.4 96.10]95.9
Secretary of War Probing
Jilted AVomaivs Accusa
tion Against the Colonel
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. May 8.— Uncle Sam
has never made a practice of mending
hearts broken by brass buttons, but
there have been enough aggravated
jiltings lately to cause Secretary Taft
to take up the subject. Judge Advo
cate General Davis Is now considering
the affair of the heart in which Lieu
tenant Colonel William F. Pitcher did
not lead to the altar Miss Caroline
Harold, . a clerk in the War Depart
ment."
On numerous previous occasions,
when irate fathers or brothers or
friends have come to the War Depart
ment with a tale about some young
woman being robbed of her hopes of a
military marriage, Secretary Taft and
his subordinates merely shrugged their
shoulders and said it would be impossi
ble to Interfere with the love affairs of
the officers. But Miss Harold has many
influential friends, who allege that she
had been badly treated. Among them
are Senator Simmons of North Caro
lina and Rear Admiral Colby M. Ches
ter. Colonel Pitcher is now with his
regiment, the Twenty-eighth Infantry,
at the Presidio of San Francisco.
Handsome, debonair and fond of,so
ciety, Colonel Pitcher is well known In
Washington and is said to be popular
In the army. He became engaged to
Miss Harold, say her friends, about six
months ago, and March 1 was set as
the date for the wedding. Rear Admi
ral Chester gave them a dinner, but on
February 29 Colonel Pitcher left Wash
ington with no excuse for his* depart
ure beyond a note that he had "been
called away."
Meanwhile Miss Harold had given up
her position in the War Department,
but when she was left at the matri
monial port she obtained reinstatement
and received much sympathy from
friends, including several offlcers In
the War Department, one of whom Is
sponsor for the charges which have
been Hied against Colonel Pitcher.
Senator Simmons called upon Secre
tary Taft before the latter went to St.
Louis ten days ago. The Secretary
suspended action until his return last
week. He was then informed that to
at least four or five other women Colo
nel Pitcher had proved himself a man
who "loved and rode away." " - *
"He seems to have the habit," said
Secretary Taft to Judge Advocate
General Davis, whom he asked to sup
ply him with advice on what grounds,
if any, the War Department. could In
terfere in the case.
All this action, it is said at the War
Department, was taken because of
Colonel Pitcher's unsatisfactory reply
to the War Department's notification
that charges were filed against him.
The burden of it is said to have been
that he had "changed his mind" about
marrying. '"r*<. ~'T-
Dr. Frederick L. Hosmer Announces
Resignation From the Firnt Uni
tarian Church of Berkeley.
BERKELEY, May- 8. — To the regret
of the entire congregation the Rev.
Frederick L. Hosmer has resigned the
pulpit of the First Unitarian Church,
from which he has preached for the
last four years. Dr. Hosmer himself
announced his resignation at the close
of his sermon at the church this
morning.
The notice of his contemplated
withdrawal was placed in the hands of
the trustees of the church more than
a month ago, but no public announce
ment was made at that time, as the
trustees hoped to prevail upon Dr.
Hosmer to remain. The pastor was
determined, however, and so at last
the trustees were obliged reluctantly
to accept his resignation.
Dr. Hosmer gives as his reason for
wishing to withdraw his need of a
rest.
VICTORY FOR- CINCINNATI.
Secures Greater Number of Long lilts
and Profits by Them.
\ . NATIONAL LEAGUE.
- STANDING OF THE CLVBS.
"• <Naticn:ilj '¦ "\ '."'. (American.)
TV. L. Prt.J \V. L. Prt.
Jiew Tork ..12 4 .Tr,0 Boston 14 4 .77S
Cinr-irnatl ...1.1 7 .<M Philadelphia.. 11 fl .647
J'hic&eo ..... !> 7 .K2 New York ... 9 7 £>C1
Horton 10 h .550 Chicago 11 10.524
Zirvoklm ... S 9.471 Ht, Louis ... 9 ft .T.'-O
Ft. LouU ... 7 3 .43S rifvelnnl . . . R S .500
J»itUburr ... 3 12 Z»4 Ixslroit 7 10.412
Philadelphia.. * 13 .r^i. Washington . 1 18 .059
. CINCINNATI. May .'<.— PcFr.ite the Tart that
Urockljn had more ram on base* than Cincin
nati \irtory w-Bt tt» the hom* train, wnich
rnut^i! l h <" «rr**ter number cf Jcae tiita and
lw?rwrte<J by thrm. Attendance. 14,000. Hcore:
n. ii. e.
Cincinnati 4 « 2
lir^ck!>ii r.'..\~ 5 :i
Batterie* — Elliott end Schlel; Jones and
IV-nten. Unaslr*— O'Day.
• CHICAGO. May 8. — Chicago *u deffated on
c r< :a v..*<\< eoezy by a hard rala at tbe
«'.a.rt. Attendance, 12.f*J0. Score:
. R. H. E.
Chicjurrc 1 .. .--• 2 3 '2
JV»ttm 4' 12 ."{
IJattrri** — nrlcft and Kline: Willis and
ilonsn. ITmrlrt— Zlmmer.
KT. l/>t' IS. May 8.— St L*oul»Sem York
Came postponed. Rain. .
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. Mar ft. — Tfce rlritors could, do
TMihinK with Owen. Botb t<ar.is put up a
last fielfllnc ram* and each made phenomenal
r»lay» 12,000. Score:
' n. -i. e.
CMr&ro 3 7 •¦ 1
ft Louis « « 3
' Batwries— Owes ar. 1 fiuWlvan; Glale and
Byrteo.
RICHMOND, May 8.— Joseph Me-
Laugh] in fell from the second story
window of the Santa Fe Hotel at mid
night last night .and was killed. His
hand struck on the corner of the
watering trough and fractured, his'
skull. McLaughlin was a middle-aged
man and was employed on the con
struction force of the Suburban trol
ley 'lip*
Falls "to His Dentil.
Charged With Burglary.
William Uhl and James Wells were
arrested last night by Detectives
Regan -and Tracy, and booked at the
Southern station on charges of bur
glary. It is alleged that they, entered
the premises at 857 Howard street and
stole a box of valuable papers and old
coins from the room occupied by Peter
Dahl. When taken into custody the
box was found in their possession.
The resignation of John L. Howard
as a member of the City Council will bo
presented to that body to-morrow night
by Mayor OIney. Under the law the
resignation is self-operative, and with
out further action Mr. Howard will
cease to be a member of the municipal
legislature. George H. Collins, ship
ping and commission man of San Fran
cisco, will be named in hi3 place by
Mayor OIney.
It was originally intended by the
Mayor Xo hold the resignation of Mr.
Howard and not present it to the Coun
cil, so that upon the return of Mr.
Howard from Europe he could again
resume his work in the Council. This
would leave the Council with one mem
ber missing for about four months.
The Mayor was compelled to abandon
this plan because of pressure brought
to bear upon him by different members
of the Council, and he finally decided
to present Mr. Howard's resignation.
which has been in his possession for
several months, to the Council to-mor
row night.
Mr. Collins was suggested to the
Mayor by Mr. Howard as hJs successor
before his departure for Europe.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. May 8.
Pressure From Members So
Strong That New Ap
pointment Is Necessary
COLLINS HIS SUCCESSOR
Mayor OIney Is Compelled
to Present Official's Resig
nation to the City Council
• LIVERMORE, May 8.— The first sec
tion of the Phoenix Mine road up the
Arroyo Mociio has been completed ana
the Board of Supervisors has inspected
and accepted the work. The inspec
tion wai made on Thursday last with
John Beck, the contractor, County En
gineer Prather and Dave McDonald,
the road foreman for the district, and
th» Supervisors pronounced the woik
a superior piece of construction.
This road has been the dream of the
residents of Livermore. It opens a
district heretofore isolated, for the road
up the Mocho has been so rough and
narrow a* to be impassable for heavy
teams. Back in the Livermore Moun
tains are many mines of quicksilver.
ms-snisite. chrome and other valuable
ores, but it has been impossible to de
velop these properties.
The late Alvinza Hayward Invested
heavily in quicksilver properties in the
lied Mountain district. Property val
ued at nearly a million dollars was pur
er.ased and a proposition was made to
the Aiameda County Board of Super
visors to build a road to Red Mountain
so the ore could be brought out by the
traction engines. It was taken up ay
A. L- H*r.ry. editor of the Livermore
Herald. M. G. Cailaghan. T. E. Knox,
f^straaster of Livermore, and many
other prominent citizens and business
men cf that section, and they interested
the Alameda County Board of Super
visors. These men appreciated the
value to Livermore of this road and
the f.ret contract was let some month.3
apo to John Beck. This first section
has now been comp'.eted. inspected,
found catisfactory and will be accep -
«•<! by the Supervisors to-morrow. The
work was done under the supervision
of County Engineer Prather and Road
Foreman David McDonald, and is one
cf the best pieces of mountain road iu
the State. At no j.olnt is it less than
sixteen feet wide and there is no place
where two heavily laden teams could
r.ot pass. •
The work upon the big quicksilver
mine ha* been slopped owing to the
death of Alvir.za Hayward. but withn
a few weeks it will be reopened undo*
the management of-William J. Dingee.
The plan includes the adoption of a.
traction engine system of communica
tion between the mines and Livermor*.
the traction trains to bring the ore into
LJvernr re and deposit it at the rail
road utiuion. The road has been built
to facilitate this plan and between the
mine and Livermore there is no grade
greater than 2 per cent. Returning,
the (Trade does* not exceed 6 per cent,
whioh the trains can easily surmount
when returning empty.
The contract for the second section
will b* let at the meeting of the Su
pervisors to-morrow and the road will
Lfe ready for use by the time the mine
is in operation. This road will open
anu aid in the development of a very
important portion cf Alameda County
that abounds in minerals of great
value, if proper communication with
that rtcUon can b<? established.
Both' T". G. Armstrong, the grand
father, and the police have only a ge/i
eral description upon which to base
their belief that the girl they seek is
Identical with the one Policeman
Murphy remembers as having asked
him the way to Twenty-third avenue
on Wednesday, which was the day she
wa.s booked to arrive, according to
Armstrong's advices from his son and
her father, D. W. Armstrong of Wau
kesha, Wis.
The grandfather has no definite in
formation other than the letter his
son wrote him that Miss Armstrong
would arrive in Oakland Wednesday
on overland train No. 3. It was from
this very train that the young woman
alighted who is remembered by Po
liceman Murphy and by the carmen.
Armstrong has not given up hope that
his granddaughter might have stopped
off on her westward journey, as she
has relatives at Omaha; but the de
scription of the girl the police have
trailed and that of Miss Armstrong
tally fairly well.
Police inquiry has failed to uncover
a trace of missing Mabel Armstrong,
who is supposed to have disappeared
in Oakland after leaving an overland
train at Sixteenth-street station on the
way to her grandfather's home at
Leona Heights.
Detectives Shorey and Holland, who
have ' Undertaken to trace the girl,
have decided that a young woman who
generally answers Miss Armstrong's
description was seen to leave an Ala
meda electrie car at Twenty-third
avenue last "Wednesday afternoon, the
day of her arrival. According to car
men and policemen this same girl
boarded car 117 of the Sixteenth
street line at the depot and rode to
Thirteenth and Washington streets,
where she transferred to the east
bound Alameda car. She Impressed
the carmen as a stranger, for the girl
made Inquiry concerning Leona
Heights, and that Is her grandfather's
place of residence. But at Twenty
third avenue the trail is lost apparent
ly. .The detectives say they can find
nothing of the girl after she left the
car at that point. The girl was then
alone.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Alav 8.
In a bit of drunken rage, Edward J.
Riley, a burly laborer employed at the
Eagle Box Factcrry, tried to burn his
wife to death this evening by saturat
ing her garments with coal oil and
touching a match to the inflammably
soaked clothing. The woman, a frail
creature, fought in desperation to save
herself and succeeded, but not until
after Riley had cut open her forehead
with a glass, ( and had buVned many
matches in his dastardly attack.
Riley's fiendish assault was made at
the Riley home in the rear of 1007 Sev
enth street, where the head of the
house arrived about 5:30 o'clock in an
ugly humor. Some words passed be
tween Mrs. Riley and her husband and
then the trouble began. As the woman,
told the story to the police, Riley grab
bed her in the presence- of their two
little children, threw her on a bed and
poured kerc-sene on her dress. Then
the whisky-crazed man lighted match
after match and tried to touch the
flame to the pil-soaked garments. Mrs.
Riley struggled and struggled with her
brawny husband, twisting and squirm
ing beyond reach of the burning sticks,
almost miraculously preventing her
husband from accomplishing his mur
derous purpose to incinerate her.
During the struggle Riley, his wife
said, struck her on the head with a
glass and then left the house. Mrs.
Riley called fcr assistance and Dr. W.
W. Kergan was summoned. He found
the woman's clothing drenched in coal
oil and blood from her wound. Follow
ing that the police were notified. Po
liceman Fahey found Riley at Seventh
and Market streets and had a battle
with the man, who gtrt away but was
arrested at Ninth and Market street.s
a few minutes afterward by Fahey and
Detective Shorey, who had been sent
from police headquarters and happened
along at an opportune moment.
"I know what I've done," declared
Riley on the way to the city prison.
"It's enough to warrant you In tarring
and feathering me."
Riley, will be held at the city prison
until Mrs. Riley makes up her mind
what she desires to do with her hus
band. Riley is 27 years old and was
formerly a member of -the San Fran
cisco Pcriice Department. He tips the
scales at 19" pounds.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 8.
Richard's mouth was in a bad state
and bumps and cuts on his counte
nance were evidence of the other .man's
handiwork. The pair will appear to
morrow In the Police Court.
At a signal from one of the onlookers
ElHs- and Richard opened the battle,
and a battle that would have sent the
blood surging through the most impas
sive observer's veins it was. Drive and
smash the fists hammered and bat
tered. As the fight progressed the
neighborhood was aroused. Borne of
the awakened ones took in the situa
tion and quickly became a part of the
little group of spectators. But one wo,
man. disgusted with the exhibition,
telephoned to police headquarters.
Captain of Police Petersen sent a
posse composed of Detective Kyte and
Patrolmen Andrews. Cockerton and
Schumar. who oiiickly Interrupted the
fistic duel and sent the duelists to the
City Prison.
Under the light it was a question
whether Kills or Richard • was the
worse for the encounter. Ellis* Jaw
was hammered out of joint; his face
was a mass of contusions; his chin was
ripped open and he generally appeared
as if a busy handsaw had engaged him.
Unde'r'the branching limbs of big
Ehade trees in aristocratic Harrison
street a duel was fought at midnight
last night. The weapons were the
bared fists of a pair of brawny young
craftsmen who had a grudge to settle.
In fact, it was quietly rumored (hat a
charming young belle of their mutual
acquaintance was the real cause of the
strenuous Issue. The principals were
James Ellis, a roofer, 26 years old, and
George C. Richard, a painter, and eight
years younger than his rivaL
Much mystery' was made of the con
test until the small crowd of sympa
thizing friends gathered In a circle at
Fifteenth and Harrison streets just be
fore the stroke of 12, forming a ring
about the gladiators.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 8.
There is not that charming unanimity of sen
timent among the Alameda County delegates to
the Democratic State convention that the Ex
aminer would have Us readers -believe. While
the Oaklanl Deniccratc ciinged to the laeh and
elected Hearst delegates, there is a. fair sprink
ling of anti-Hearst>delegates In the country dis
tricts of the county where there Is rnore inde
pendence ennns nerr.b*rs of the party. There
will be no unit rule In the Alameda. County del
egation at Santa Cruz and the Llvermore Val
ley at least will hi per.nltted to record Its antl-
Hearst sentiment.
The people of the Llvermore Valley
are opposed to Mr. Hearst; and they
have demanded recognition of their
opinions. When the township ticket was
put t ui» the anti-Hearst element de
manded that they should be given at
least one-half of the township delega
tion, and the Hearst managers finally
consented to divide that section on an
equal basis and not to enforce the unit
rule in the county delegation.
The Forty-sixth Assembly District
delegation, which will vote half for
I-iearst and half against the editor, con
sists of A. J. McLeod, M. G. Callaghan,
Henry Relmers, C. W. Heyger, E. J.
Holland, J,. A. Gallett, Louis Ruschln
and Thomas J. Power.
The Livermore Herald, which is the
only Democratic paper in Alameda
County, has this to say regarding the
political situation In this county:
William R. Hearst is not going to
have the solid delegation from Alameda
County that has been claimed for him.
It Is true that he will have the major
ity of the delegation, but the rural sec
tion has gone against him and will vote
against him in the Santa Cruz conven
tion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 8.
We have made a large number of sales dur
ing the past week and mc*t of these sales have
been made to outside people, which shows that
strangers are beginning to realize that Oak
land property Is a good Investment and one
that will pay a good Interest on the capital
Invested. The fact that this city will soon be
the western terminus of the Santa Fe Railroad
has stimulated the market M some extent, and
there is a marked demand for property In the
vicinity of the Santa Fe's new depot.
Workmen will commence this week to re
move the old buildings at the northwest corner
of Twelfth and Harrison streets, adjoining th«
Dewey Theater, to make way for a new four
story pre*f»ed. brick front building 100x100 In
«tse, which we have Just consummated a lease
for C. H. King, the owner, to the Business
College for the three upper floors for a t»rm of
ten years at an aggregate rental of $33,000.
The entire investment will approximate upward
of $100, COO and will accommodate over 10w>
students. Negotiations are now tn progres*
for the lease, of the entire lower portion for
business i>urpc*e*. It is the Intention to push
the building forward with all possible rapidity.
Three floors of the new Majestic Apartmwit-
Houm at Fifteenth and Franklin streets, re
cently completed by a client of ours, have Just
been leased for five years by Pan Francisco
parties at an average rental cf $3 a room.
Prospective purchasers of Oakland property
are numerous, and the only difficulty la to find
Katlsraetory prooerty. Tl»# demand for prop
erty on Telepraph avenue Is Increasing, ana
durlnjr the last week we have sold three lots
fronting on that thoroughfare. Since the work
of repairing the avenue has b*en commenced
people are waklnsr up to the fact that prop
erty fronting on that street Is desirable, both
for business and reMdene*. A« the sunim-r
advances the demand for homes on this slJe
of the bay in steadily Increasing.
W. J. Laymance of the Laymance
Real Estate Company said:
Local real estate dealers report little
change in the condition of the Alameda
County market, which during the last
four months has shown a steady,
healthy activity, which Indicates that
the sale* during the summer will be
unusually large. The principal business
done during the spring months has
been in residence property, and it Is
probable that more homes will be erect
ed during the present year than ever
before in the same length of time. All
parts of Oakland, Alameda and Berke
ley have been favored by purchasers of
home sites, and where a year ago there
were long stretches of vacant property,
there are now hundreds of handsome
residences, built by people that intend
to make their homes on this side of the
bay.
Frank J. Woodward of the Realty,
Bond and Finance Company in review
ing the. condition of the market said:
The sprint- market haa been good notwith
standing the fact that bad weather Interfered
to some extent with the opcnln*. We have
had many Inoulrles for all kind* of property
during the last week and present Indication*
point to a fir*t-cla*s summer market. Several
good *alea wore made throug-h our office lsurt
week, the most Important of which was tn<s
cale of ten flats on the corner of Eleventh an<i
Oak .trtets for F. T. McHenry to CHarlea M
McGregor. The flats brtn* a monthly rental
of $270 and the purchase price was $26,000.
George W. Austin of Austin & Co.
said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 8.
HOWARD IS OFF
OF THE BOARD
traction Engine Line to Be
Established Between Liv
' ermore and the Hills
Business Men of Haywards
Organize "Booster Club."
"Progress" the Watchword
Carmen Remember Stranger
That Answers Description
of Miss Mabel Armstrong
Start to Settle Grievance
on Prize Ring Plan, but
Police Stop Lively Mill
Fiend, Captured After Fight,
Says He Should Have Been
Given Tar and Feathers
Township Is Divided on an
Equal Basis Which Pre
. eludes Solid County Vote
CASE PUZZLES POLICE
•SHOWS RICH • DISTRICT
DISREGARD UNIT RULE
QUARREL .OVER A GIRL
OUTSIDERS BUY HOMES
HACKS WOMAN ON HEAD
Dealers in Alameda County
Real Estate Report Steady
Increase in Their Business
Rural Delegates From Ala
meda County Refuse to
Vote for Aspiring Editor
Liquor-Crazed Man Satu
rates Spouse's Garments
With Oil and Uses Match
Supervisors Inspect and Will
Accept the First Sec
tion Into the Mountains
Midnight Battle Between a
Pair of Young Mechanics
in the Lakeside District
Detectives Lose the Trail
After Keeping It as Far
as Twenty-Third Avenue
FIGHT A DUEL
AT FISTICUFFS
CANNOT TRACE
MISSING GIRL
PHOENIX MINE
ROAD IS OPEN
HEARST LOSES
AT LIVERMORE
SUMMER MARKET
OPENS STRONG
TRIES TO BURN
WIFE TO DEATH
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY. MAY 9, 1901.
Messrs. Brotherton, Kenniff and Gol
cher Make Iligli Scores on Stow
Lake, Golden Gate Park.
T. W. Brotherton, J. B. Kenniff and
H. . C. Golcher engaged in a sharp
struggle- at Stow Lake yesterday in the
long distance contest of the San Fran
cisco Flycastlng Club. Brotherton was
victorious with a cast of 121%, feet
Kenniff scored 120 feet and Golcher
119. The official results for the day
follow:
THREE FLYCASTERS PERFORM
WELL IX DISTANCE EVENT
"Capital Punishment" was the sub
ject of discourse this morning at St.
Paul's Episcopal Church by the Rev.
Charles Thomas Walkley, the rector.
The Rev. B. Crook of Berkeley oc
cupied the pulpit this morning at the
Thirty-fourth Street Methodist Church.
The Rev. Marlon J. Kline, D. D., of
Baltimore, Md., secretary of the Board
of Foreign Missions of > the Lutheran
Church, delivered an address this even
ing at the First English Lutheran
Church, his subject being "Foreign
Missions."
The Rev. Burton M. Palmer, pastor
.of Fruitvale Congregational Church,
preached this morning on "How Christ
Builds Up His Church."
The Rev. J. K. Harrison, secretary
of the California Home Mission So
ciety, delivered an address this morning
at Plymouth Avenue Congregational
Church.
At Market Street Congregational
Church to-day the Rev. Griffith'Grif
fiths of Berkeley occupied the pulpit.
The Rev. Robert "Whltaker, pastor of
the Twenty-third Avenue Baptist
Church, gave a sermon this evening on
"The Better . Side of Congregational-
Ism."
The Christian Endeavorers at' the
Tenth Avenue Baptist Church were
addressed this evening by the Rev. A.
W. Rider.
"Adam's Household" forms the theme
of a series of sermons Just commenced
by the Rev. H. J. Vosburgh, pastor of
the First Baptist Church: The first
discourse delivered this evening was
on "Adam." Succeeding this will be the
following: May 15, Eve; May 22. Cain;
May 2'J, Abel.
"The Church and the Toung Man'
was the subject of the Rev. Charles K.
Brown's sermon to-night at the Fir3t
Congregational Church.
Oakland Office .Ban Francisco Call,
1118 May S.
Rev. H. J. Vosburgh Opens
Series of Sermons on the
Ancient Biblical People
TELLS STORY
FROM GENESIS
While trying to round a curve near
Glen Park a Guerrero-stret car ran
into one of the same line which was
preceding it yesterday morning and
threw it from the track with such
force that both cars were turned on
their sides and the windows broken.
No one was injured, as there were no
passengers aboard, and the two crews
Jumped.
4
BRANCH OFFICES
OF TIfE CALL IX
ALA3IJEDA COUNTY
OAKLAXD.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street. _
Telephone North 77.
ALA3fEDA.
1135 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4592.Pedestrians Given Frijjht.
The club has decided to take an ac
tive part in the coming national cam
paign. The uniform drill 'corps will
visit different cities during the cam
paign.
President. Oscar A. Tolle; vice presidents,
R. D. Faulkner. I. 3. Aschhelm and James D.
Brown: secretary, George U. O'Nell; corre
*pcn«llr.is Kecretary. William O. Cue; treasurer,
I. P. Kincald; executive committee. T. W.
Col! Ins. N'. E. Mainon. George H. 8. Dryden,
E. 3. Casey and C. B. Perkins; finance com
mittee, I. J. Truman. John H. Shine. J. J.
Grief. Milton S. KbUtr. John E. McDouffall,
Henry O. Dibble and Charles E. Frederick*:
drlllmarter. George s. Mlehllng; sergeant at
arms. H. S. Bendlt.
The Bear Club of San Francisco has
elected the following officers for the
Presidential campaign:
Bear Club Elects Officers.
CM. Wooster Co. report the sale
of lots at auction, Saturday, May 7, at
Palo Alto, highly successful and satis
factory in every sense. The sale was
well attended, requiring a special
train of eleven Pullman coaches to
carry the 700 purchasers to the prop
erty from San Francisco. Many peo
ple came from San Jose. The bidding
was quite spirited, as was anticipated,
as this property is of the most desir
able class. There were over 100 lots
sold, averaging $400 a lot. On account
of the limited time in which they had
to sell they could not finish their cata
logue, and the unsold . lots, all of
which are equally as desirable as the
ones sold, will .be offered at private
sale on the same terms.
Real. Estate Sale a Success.
An artful robber played a slick trick
on a prominent clothing house on
Kearny street last Saturday, whereby
the store is out a $20 suit of clothes.
A dapper looking man called at the
store and selected a suit, which he
asked to be sent to the Cosmos lodg
ing-house, 15 Eddy street, and get
payment there. The suit was duly
sent and ' the rascally thief was wait
ing there to receive it. .He told the
messenger to wait a moment in the
front room, while he stepped into the
next room to try the suit on. - That
was the last seen of the suit or the
thief. • After waiting, half an hour for
the thief to appear the messenger
raised a howl, but that was all the
good it did him. The proprietor of
the lodging-house states that on Sat
urday a well" dressed man rented the
two rooms from him, ' paying in ad
vance. He did not know the man, nor
did he remember the name he. gave.
Orders Suit Sent to His Rooms and
Skips Out Back Door \Vhile
Messenger Walts.
THIEF PLAYS SLICK TRICK
OX PROMINENT FIRM
"The Nineteenth Century Apostle —
Rev. Mr. Rainsford, D. D.," was the
subject of a sermon by the Rev. Wil
liam Kirk Guthrie, pastor of the First
Presbyterian Church, last night. But
one part of the subject was discussed
and next Sunday night the second part
will be given.
The early career and boyhood days
of the eminent divine were treated,
which gave the reverend gentleman
the opportunity to extol those mothers
whose teachings and lives have been
the power and influence on so many
great and renowned men of the world,
among them Dr. Rainsford.
The Rev. Mr. Guthrie holds that a
mother can do more than any other
In civilizing the world and. he strongly
urged that every mother should teach
her sons the grandeur and the beau
ties of the world, thereby helping
them to appreciate the wonders of na
ture which must have its effect in
later life.
Pastor of First Presbyterian Church
Gives Advice as to Ideals for
Youths' Study.
Mrs. Beatty, who had been drinking,
was placed under arrest for discharg
ing firearms within the city limits.
She told the police that her husband,
James Beatty, had beaten her and
when he ran out to the street she fired
the shots over his head to scare him.
The officers could not find Beatty, but
they found a revolver with three
empty cartridges in Mrs. Beatty's
room. She was released on $20 cash
bail.
The report of three shots In rapid
succession at Ellis and Mason streets
attracted the attention of Sergeant
Shaw and Policeman Hayden between
1 and 2 o'clock yesterday morning.
They discovered that the shots were
fired by Mrs. Ella Beatty, a middle
aged woman, from the window of her
room in the Clifford House.
Mrs. Ella Beatty Alleges Her Spouse
Beat Her and She Wanted to
Frighten Him.
MOTHERS ARE CIVILIZING
POWER, SAYS MR. GUTIIRIE
INFURIATED AVOMAX FIRES
THREE SHOTS AT IIUSBAXD
Weddings.
_ At the home of Mrs. Alden-Grow, in
Oakland) Miss Margaret May Alden be
came the bride of Herbert Canning
Thursday evening, May 5, the Rev.
Mr. Brush of Alameda officiating. The
residence was decorated with May
blossoms for the event. The bride, who
is a winsome girl, was born in Mel
bourne, Australia. She looked" charm-
Ing In her wedding gown of white or
gandie over taffeta, and carried lilies of
the valley. More than 150 invitations
were issued for the occasion. After a
trip' to Santa Cruz the young couple
will reside in Oakland.
A long friendship, dating back to
childhood, culminated happily yes
terday afternoon in this city when
Miss Polly Vivian Pierce, daughter of
well-known residents of Lodi, became
the bride of Edward I. Stanaway of
Stockton. The. ceremony was a quiet
one and occurred in the parlura ol the
Occidental Hotel, where Rev. J. A. B.
Wilson performed the ceremony. The
happy husband is a prominent young
contractor of Stockton, where he and
his bride, after their honeymoon, will
make their home. A luncheon fol
lowed the wedding and was attended
by the bride's mother and a few of
the more intimate friends of the newly
made husband and wife.
, Club- Parties.
Young Ladles' Institute No. 1 will
have a reunion of its members this
evening at It3 hall, 3 Tenth street. The
committee in charge has prepared a
clever programme for the evening, and
a large number of candidates are to be
initiated.
Mrs. E. F. Thyle entertained the
Don't Worry Club at her new home, 68
Portola street, last Tuesday afternoon.
Those present were Mrs. Boseworth,
Mrs. Winkler, Mrs. Keeping,' Mrs. G. W.
Patterson, Mrs. Rohters, Mrs. Renselle
and Mrs. Dr. Vandra.
The first social dance given by the
T. J. T. Club was a most enjoyable af
fair. The members of the club worked
earnestly to make the affair a success.
SCORES MODERN
CHURCH IDEAS
Professor Dawson Says Psy
chical Degeneracy Is Ar
* resting Mental Progress
Home Parties.
Mrs. Emma Xonnernmann. the pop-'
ular past president of Genevieve Par
lor, was the recipient of a jolly sur
prise at the hands of the Native Daugh
ters on the eve of the twentieth an
niversary of her merriarge., .Some very
costly china was presented May 5 to
Mrs. Nonnernmann by the Native
Daughters in token of their esteem.
Genevieve Parlor tendered Mrs. Non
nernmann congratulations and best
wishes. A mock marriage j was per
formed in which the following took
part: M. Cully, K. Wldman, L. Coyle.
L. Turner, L. Counihan, B. Coyle and
A. As'ers. " Mrs. Emma Nonnermann
will appear as delegate at Pacific
Grove. . '<;rr,
A number of friends of J. H. Lemme
of 1502 Pacific avenue paid him a visit
at his home on the last Saturday in
April to congratulate him on the fifty
fifth anniversary of his birth. After
congratulations there was. an evening
of music, games and dancing and at
midnight a delicious supper was
served. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Martin Beverson, Mr^ and Mrs.
C. H. Hennlngr, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Graft.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Schmidt. Mr. and Mrs.
A. Boret. . Miss J. Neklllng, • Miss Hester
Klung. Miss Marie Steffeps. Miss Minnie Pratt,
Mips Augusta Hennln*.- Miss Lulu Graft. Miss
Bertha Borst. J. Schmidt. George Wlnted.
Frank Borst. Howard Overacker and C.
Henninif.
During the supper the guest of the evening
and Mrs. l^emme received many telegrams of
LOS ANGELES, May 8.— Bishops,
ministers. and presiding elders in at
tendance upon the Methodist General
Conference occupied pulpits in all the
Protestant churches in Los Angeles,
Pasadena and all surrounding cities
and towns within a radius of sixty
miles to-day, and every place of wor
ship was crowded at morning and
evening services to listen to distln
guished*speakers. \
At Hazard's Pavilion mass-meetings
in the morning, afternoon and evening
were attended by as many as could find
seats or standing room. It.was, in fact,
a great day for Meth6dism in Los An
geles, and residents, as well as visitors
took advantage of the occasion to hear
speakers whose names are household
words in the Methodist denomination.
At the First Methodist Church, Los
Angeles, the Rev. Dr. George P. Eck
man, pastorof St. Paul's Church, New
York, who has been frequently men
tioned as a candidate for Bishopric hon
ors, spoke in the morning to a fashion
able congregation, which included, be
sides many prominent local residents,
scores of visiting churchmen. In the
evening at the same place Dr. Frank
M. Bristol, pastor of Metropolitan
Church, Washington, D. C, preached
to an audience that filled to overflow
ing the house of worship. Hundreds
were unable to gain admittance. .
DELEGATES AT SERVICE.
At the . First Methodist Episcopal
Church, Pasadena, one of the most
beautiful churches in Southern Califor
nia, Dr. J. R. Leonard spoke at the
mroning eervice and the Rev. Dr. Jesse
Bowman Young of Walnut Hill Church,
Cincinnati, at the evening service.
Scores of delegates were in attendance
at both services.
At the First Presbyterian Church
the Rev. D. W. C. Huntington and the
Rev. Dr. Levi Gilbert were the speakers
at the morning and evening services,
respectively. At Emmanuel Presbyterian
Church the Rev. Dr. E. M. Mills of El
mira, N. Y., preached in the morning,
and the Rev. Dr. Ezra S. Tipple in the
evening. The Rev. Dr. Matt S. Hughes,
an eloquent young minister from St.
Louis, spoke, to a large congregation at
Asbury Methodist Episcopal Church
this morning, and the Rev. Dr. M. W.
Dorgan at the evening service.
Bishop Willard F. Mallalieu, a noted
evangelist in the Methodist church, had
an immense 'audience at West Lake
Methodist Episcopal Church ' in the
morning, while Bishop Isaac W. Joyce
preached a powerful sermon to a great
audience at the East Hollywood Meth
odist Episcopal Church:
At Riverside, the Rev. Dr. J. D. But
ler; at Bakersfleld, Dr. J. M. Leonard;
at San Diego, the Rev. Dr. J, W.
Bashford of Ohio Wesleyan Univer
sity; at Santa Barbara, the Rev. Dr.
E. J. Lockwood, and at Pomona, the
Rev. Dr. W. B. Kelley, editor of the
Methodist Review, spoke to great
crowds. To every town in Southern
California, In fact, the committee on
pulpit supply sent out visiting minis
ters, and from every place come reports
to-night of much religious enthusiasm.
ADDRESSES BY PREIiATE.
Bishop C. C. McCabe, the noted
evangelistic preacher of the Methodist
denomination, addressed two large
meetings, the first at the South Pasa
dena Church in the morning, and in
the evening at Blanchard's Hall in this
city. A great crowd assembled to hear
brief talks . by half a dozen of the
prominent visiting ministers, including
Bishops Foss and Waldron. The meet
ing was much in the form of a revival
service.
One of the sensations of the confer
ence, which, however, did not reach the
public until to-day, has been the circu
lation of copies of a pamphlet issued
by Evangelist Manhall of the Bible
League, which is construed to mean
the opening of the contest against the
higher criticism. The pamphlet con
tains strong references to Dr. James
M. Buckley, editor of the New York
Advocate, who acted as counsel for.
Professor Bowne in the recent church
trial. It was intimated to-day that the
circulating of this pamphlet upon the
floor of the conference is likely to be
a subject , of criticism in open confer
ence to-morrow and may result in a
rule prohibiting the circulation of un
authorized documents on the floor of
the conference in the future.
Many of th^ most important ques
tions to be decided by this conference
will come up for consideration and ac
tion during the present week. It is be
lieved that the- question of consolidat
ing the various book concerns into one
central publishing house will be re
ported by the book concern during the
present week. The episcopacy commit
tee, which is the; only committee that
meets in executive session, will proba
bly come to a decision in the matter
of retiring and increasing the number
of Bishops.
Dies During Religious Service.
While attending the services of the
First Church of Christ in Steinway
Hall, 223 Sutter street, 1 yesterday
morning Mrs. Mary E. Burrows, a
married woman 24 years of age, ex
pired suddenly. The Morgue was no
tified and the. body was allowed to be
taken to an" undertaker's parlors. The
deceased was subject to epileptic fits.
She lived at 1820 McAllister street.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, May 8.— "The worst symp
tom in the present life of the churchy is
not a falling off in attendance or con
tributions. It is organic and psychical
degeneration of the men and women
who attend and contribute and who be
lieve they are saved." So writes Pro
fessor G. E. Daw'son,' Ph. D., of the
Hartford School of Religious Pedagogy.
Hartford, Conn., in the current number
of the Biblical World, issued from the
University of Chicago press. Professor
Da wson "asserts in his article that lack
of modern - science '- in the ' church has
made a "type of salvation that encour
ages neglect of body, undermines the
physical- basis of life and inevitably
leads to organic disease or insanity,
or both." Continuing Professor Daw
son writes: . , . ' '
A belief .in .the. type of salvation that re
sults in the arrest of development of intellect
entails upon its votaries progressive mentai
degeneracy. • Belief in a type of salvation that
leads " to emotional . excess favors final ex
haustion of emotional sensibilities or their per
version In some form of Insanity.
Religious education ' should be conformed In
Its aim and subject matter to standards . of
modern I science. In training for ¦ the ministry
there should • be Included such course*, as lab
oratory twork In ' physiology, neurology and
psychology, including- a study ' of mental dis
ease, vie* " end crime In Institutions for de
fectives aid delinquents, research - work in so
ciology " especially as concerns anti-social
classes and Institutions; the study of ethno
logy with a view to discovering: the origin and
development of domestic educational moral and
religious customs and Institutions and educa
tional peycholo^HCi i
MANSLAYER PROSTRATED
V BY APOPLEXY IN JAIL
Tejjn Who Killed Two Prominent
Citizens of Gonznles May Never
Be Tried.
GONZALES, Tex., May 8.— S. M. Nix
on, a well-known Democrat and banker
of Luling, Tex., -who yesterday shot
and killed R. W. Malone and Colonel
John C. Vea.'v, two of the most prom
inent and. wealthy business men of that
place, is in jail at Gonzales. He is pros
trated with a nervous attack and hi3
condition is said to be critical. He has
suffered two strokes of apoplexy within
the past year, and it is feared that he
is bordering on another attack, which
his physicians say will. likely 'prove
fatal. He has made, no statement as to
the cause leading to. the double trag
edy. The funerals of the murdered men
took; place to-day at Luling and were
largely attended. Each leaves a widow
and three children surviving.
Heiress Commits Suicide.
MOUNT \ VERNON, N. Y., May 8.—
Mrs. Mary Weil. 37 years old. commit
ted suicide here to-day by \taking car
bolic /acid. A few months ago Mrs.
Well "fell 'heir to $60,000 left to her by
an aunt in San Francisco.,
MVERY3IAN ACCUSED
OF ROBBING PATROX
Accomplice Confesses, Implicating
Two Others, and All Are
Arrested. •
* ST. JOSEPH, Mo., May 8.— Robert
S. Kearney, a, ; prominent liveryman,
grandson, of General Phil Kearney, Is
in jail here'pn a charge of leading a
gang of highwaymen. Frank Johnson,
a wealthy horseman, while out driving
was held up and robbed of $200 Jiere
last - night. James Troutman, another
horseman, was arrested here to-day
and made a' full confession," implicating
Kearney and David ;H. Mason. All are
under, arrest. V v
There is more smoking of pipes done
in' cold weather than at any other time,
and, excluding the vacation season,
there are ] more ; pipes . and smoking to
bacco; sold 'during the cold weather
than [during ' the temperate and heated
spells.' .
In Germany the 1 :r capita consump
tion of petroleum is 46 pounds; of salt!
39.6/pounds;" of sugar,' 27.05 pounds; of
herring, 7.91 pounds, and of coffee, 6.62
pounds..
PERU * IS PREPARING TO
- RESIST BRAZILIAN'S
Disputed'. Territory and War
: Is Imminent. v.\
Troops Are" Ordered to Frontier of
LIMA, Peru. May 8. — The .general
staff has ordered two line battalions
and' one battery of machine guns to
proceed, to Alto Juru, by way of the
River Amueya, . to repulse any Brazil
ian* troops there may be in that terri
tory, and one battalion with two ma
chine; guns has been ordered to.Chan
deless, on ¦' the River Purus, - to sus
tain Peruvian sovereignty there. The
general staff- also ordered that Iquitos
be ; placed in ; a state "of defense ; that
the harbor be riilned'and that a divi
sion- be formed" there" of '3000 men,
which shall- under , certain circum
stances occupy Manos and Tabitanga,
Brazilian; towns on the Amazon, - ' __
Important Questions
x ing the Prosperity of the
Church to Be Discussed
The engagement of Miss Clare Hille,
daughter of Mrs. M. Hille of 1311&
Scott street, to Carlo Bringlia is of
much interest to the x friends of the
young people.
The engagement reception of Miss
Edna M. Ansell and Louis A. Colton
will be held Sunday afternoon, May 15,
from 2 to 5 o'clock, at 1035 Page street.
M. Dobner of 572 Fourth street an
nounces the engagement of his.daugh
ter Ethel to Ozra Cator.
Misses Vera Becker, Blggart Gillespie, Mary
and Mercy Treadwell. Edith and Elsie Item
baugh, Gertrude Mills. Florence Burpee. Jen
nie Yale. Laura Finch, Jcy Chnpln, Florence
Fox. v Hazel Lutz, Edna Osborne, Jessie Comp
ton, Martha Harris, Florence Howell. Elsie and
Rote Cramer, Daisy Walters, Leona Hoots,
Lulu Tweedy, Mabel and Ethel Northon. Vir
ginia and Marie English, Carrls McLean. Clara
Schord, Trezevant Cleveland,' Ruby Rendell,
Bessie Norton and Addle ' Stowe.
Mrs. Laura Y. Pinney, popular presi
dent of the Pacific Coast "Women's
Press Association, announces the en
gagement of her daughter Grace to Ar
thur W. Johnson. The announcement
was made on Saturday at a tea given
at the Pinney home, on First avenue, at
which the following were, guests:
Engagements.
SERMONS STIR INTEREST
Distinguished Clergymen at
the General Conference Oc
cupy Pulpits in Southland
. Snch a week for elections! The Cal- |
Ifornia, the Corona and the Laurel
H-all clubs have been busy balloting —
and in no instance was it necessary to
cajl the sergeant at arms! Only in the
Vorfner club were there two tickets In
thelfieM. and loads of fun and much
practical politics resulted. For two
months much campaigning had been
.carrietf on, even to the extent — learned
.Vrem the dear men. of course — of send
ing, marked ballots to members, foot-.
r/oJed to "scratch" certain candidates,
principally for the board of directors.
I\\»\v it happened that one of these lit
,*X& -billet doux strayed Into the hands
of- one of the candidates marked for
slaughter — and then there was a call to
crrr.s. Things grew interesting, and it's
, interesting to note that the women
tirus sentenced to official oblivion won
out.- Retaliation? Certainly not. The
w«men who came through with colors
f.j'lng are too big to nurture little ante-
. election troubles. Watch and see!
\ -The women who were on the losing
eide t - led by Mrs. J. W. Orr, one of the
ablest and most, tactful women in the
:J cfyb, proved good losers. The next \
' bes.t thing on earth to success is to be
a cheerful loser. •"" ¦
•When the result of the election was
6f3c:ally announced to the hundred and
mere women who remained to see the
• 'tiling through. Mrs. Orr was the first '
• -to .tender felicitations to Mrs. Colton. |
i h£r successful opponent, and to offer
' -lrer support for the coming year. This
.-frraceful act was considered a prece
dent- by Mrs. Orr's followers, and a ¦
."•promise of loyalty to the club and its
-new personnel of officers followed.
"The year upon which the club Is en
"-tcrir.g: will be one of vital Importance
; to the future of the club, as the $30,000
oi'ubhouse is under way. and the ex
• p«~nses of construction will have to be
met.. However, much of the responsi
bility will rest with the board of direc
tcir?,. which is conceded to be a strong
Selection. Mrs. Arthur Cornwall, who
*fcas won the reputation of being the
_I{JisscJl Sage of the club, having en
"pi?:eered financial feats for the organ- \
izatiori at various times, and filled the
i etfffera in clever fashion, was elected
by* appreciative vote. Mrs. Hovey
Foiled, the largest vote of the directors,
beir.p the unconscious choice of both
tkkets, which, on discovery, was dis
tinctly funny. When it is stated that
. but five tickets out of 283 were voted
"stfarght the earnestness of the contest
ta^i be understood.
• As a demonstration of the beneficent
effect of clubs upon women, the imme
diate conduct of the election was well
rbred and dignified for the most part, al
though feeling in some instances ran
•hiphr But women are learning the art
eif diplomacy. It may not be honest and
• f i-ink and open, but it is a great lubri
cant in the machinery of life, and no-
I where more than in the club and in the
• fcothc It is in the discipline of women's
; -minds and in the learning of -word
values that the greatest gain comes to
XK/?m from club life. Men have always
tad a better understanding of the ex
*act_ mear.ingrs and values of words than
• women, and they acquired the knowl
edge- as lads through the solar plexus
But girls and women, as a
• rule. -don't use fists in discussions — nor
•can fists be used upon them; thus their
/tomewhat indiscriminate use of un-
I.pleasant words can be corrected only
by mental discipline. Who can say but
this cultivation of diplomacy in women
— ;vhich is a synonym for tact — may be
• the .means of overcoming the divorce
"¦£vil? Seriously, it must have a psycho
'• logical effect upon those who practice
"it, and, being the capital of the suc
cessful clubwoman, she must cultivate
" it*-5f it be not hers by nature.
/ Thus the dove of peace hovers hap
piry over the California Club., and. past
"knockings" are tactfully buried in the
desire for the club's prosperity.
. " • • •
. The Philomath Club, Mrs. Julius
•Kahn president, will entertain its mem
•bt-rs,and guests to-day at its clubrooms,
T433 Bush street, when Julius Kahn will
feddress the ladies. It has become quite
the fashion for generous clyb presi
dents to lend their husbands to the
club for an afternoon, Mrs. Henry
Pdyot of the Forum Club having estab
lished the custom. In this manner the
cltebs. have heard, or will hear, from
t nan>' leaders in political, business and
\>r>rpfess:onal life. This is an education
for most of us.
.. Herewith is the programme for the
. coming month for the California
Clobr:
Tuesday, May 3 — Election of officers and
<!ir>:ctor£, 2 to 5 p. m.. in clubrooms. Article
XI. section 7. by-law*.) No guests.
Tuesday, May 17 — Programme In charge of
6f-fBrt.Tr.eat of ci\-ica. Mr*. F. H. Colburn,
"V\'tat San Francisco Will Do at the St. Louis
Exposition"; Mrs. W. P. Anflo. "Report on
Truant Law"; Miss Gertrude E. Norton, vocal
t-olp, Aria from "Robert le Diable" fMeyer
be«-r). Mi*s Kathryn Madden at the piano.
Tuesday. May 2i— InFtallatlon of officers and
directors for J004-r>; yearly reports of depart
nwtif, K-cticns and standing committees.
Department ar.d section meeting's: Monday.
Mar 2 — 10 a. m.. directors' meeting: 4 p. m..
jihytleal culture. Tuesday. May 3. 1:30 p. m..
parliamentary section. Thursday, May 5 — 10:30
a. »n.. hoti- and why section: 2 p. m.. French
section: :$ p. m.. music section ("The Rus
sians." Ml*s Zech. i>lan!st; Miss I* Zech,
violinist; MI?s Tibb»tts, contralto). Friday,
M/y C— 10 a. in.. wMet section; 10:30 a. m.,
for*Ftr/ section. Monday. May 9, 4 p. m.,
ph.'-Fleal culture section. Wednesday May II
10:15 a. m.. departmrnt of civics: 2 # p. m.. de
partment of education: 3:30 p m art section
Thursday. May 12. 3:.J0 r-m., literature eection.
Friday. May. 13. 10 a.m., whist section. Monday
May 10 — 10 a. m., .directors' meeting; 4pm
physical culture section. Tuesday May 17
1:30 p. ra.. parliaaenuiry section." Thursday'
May 10 — 10:30 a, ra., how and why section
2 r-. ta.. French section: 3:30 p. m. current
tdplc« section. Friday. May 20 io a. m.
¦whirt section; 10 a. m.. traveling librarv sec
tion; 2 p. m., department of social science
.7:30 p. m.. mtidc section f"Lyr!c« of Hujro
Wo!f." Frt-d Maurer. accompanist). Mondav
May 23. 4 p. tn.. physical culture section'
•Tucrday. May 24. 1:3<i p. a., parliamentary
pection. Wednesday. May 25, 3:30 p. m art
K"*;i On . TT.urvday. May 26. 3:30 p. ra . lltera-
The Pioneer Daughters will hold
their monthry meeting to-day in the
parlors of the Pioneer Hall, the meet
ing to be addressed by Almarin B.
Paul, a pioneer whose career has been
identified with mining interests since
'49. He will talk upon the good old days
of '48 and '49. The Society of Pioneers
and the officers and directors of the
Pioneer Women and the Pioneer Wo
man's Auxiliary are cordially invited
to attend. Monday, May 16, at 3
o'clock, a musical and literary pro
gramme will be rendered. Miss Eliza
D. Keith, the historian of the society,
will speak on "El Camino Real," the
restoration of the King's highway.
Next Wednesday Miss Agnes Mur
phy, the charming London journalist,
will talk to the club. Miss Murphy has
won quite a reputation in local club
dom as a wit. The lecture will be fol
lowed by a short musical programme.
• • *
On Wednesday afternoon the mem
bers of the Forum Club were uniquely
entertained by Miss Mabel Ayer, State
president of the Sunshine Society, who
presented to her audience a group — or
troupe— of trained butterflies. Now the
ladies had all heard of trained canaries
and canines and even of trained tab
by cats, but butterflies were new. The
things they did in response to the sug
gestion — at the point of a pin — of Miss
Ayer \y£re intensely interesting. One
of the' remarkable facts about them
was their resolute refusal to remain in
the hand or on the gown of a nervous
or restless woman. Many of us sympa
thize with the butterflies.
May 3, 1904, the Country Club met at
the home of Mrs. Walmsley, in Irving
ton. The subject for the day was par
liamentary law and Scottish literature,
and the papers read on James Thomp
son, Robert Burns and Sir Walter Scott
were listened to with interest. The sub
ject of parliamentary law was touched
upon briefly, after which the members
were entertained with musical selec
tions. The club adjourned to meet the
first Tuesday in June at the home of
Miss Bertha Whipple, in Centervllle.
The Corona Club election of officers
for the ensuing year has taken place,
with the following result: President,
Mrs. Robert Wallace; first vice presi
dent, Mrs. Charles Ham; second vice
president, Mrs. J. D. Jessup; corre
sponding secretary, Miss Van Bergen;
recording secretary, Mrs. Will Dalton;
treasurer, Miss Laura Collins; directors
—Mrs. E. C. Denniston, Mrs. II. L. Sea
ger. Mrs. Ruthrauff, Mrs. E. L. Beltret
and Mrs. E. D. Treadwell. The club's
annual breakfast will take place on
May 12, when a feast of wit and good
fellowship will launch the new' officers
on their official careers.
Th>j Irving Club led the club functions
of the week when on Thursday it ten
dered a reception at Elks' Hall to th»
senior class of Irving Institute. It was
distinctly a smart affair, the fair maids
of the graduating class wearing pretty
white frocks. Dr. Stewart" delivered a
lecture on "Modern Music," which was
charmingly illustrated by Miss Leila C.
Stone, Miss Florence Darby, Mrs. Ben
jamin Apple, Miss Viola H. Samter and
Miss Camille Frank.
¦v:,,j^<,j..,...: . ... ... ¦
Hall on Friday. Pleasant weather and
the announcement that- the meeting
would be one of special interest
brought out the ladies in full force.
Five new members were added to the
list of membership. The association
was addressed by Mrs. Frederick Col
burn, who told what San Francisco is
doing at the St. Louis exposition and
incidentally suggested that & donation
of bear flags would be acceptable to
the committee on display. Mrs. Bald
win of the California Club sought the
co-operation of the Pioneer Women in
behalf of the outdoor flower market.
The Association of Pioneer Women of
California held its monthly business
meeting at its quarters in Golden Gate
The Mills Alumnae Association held
it* annual meeting in the afternoon, at
which $5000 was raised as a contribu
tion toward the endowment fund. Like
wise was $500 subscribed toward a
scholarship to be known as the Mary
Upton scholarship.
These tributes of love to their alma
mater were, in truth, a pleasant tribute
to Mrs. Mills, the vigilant head of the
college.
The pledges of eternal friendship ex
changed during the last lingering hours
of college life were full of the hopeful
ness of youth.
On Wednesday the Mills Club, Mrs.
James McGauley president, attended
the founders' day exercises at Mills
College en masse, where the members
were entertained by Mrs. Mills at
luncheon.
As a cultural and social club the
Laurel Hall presents many interesting
programmes. Its section work Is par
ticularly high class. With Mrs. Ella
Sexton in the chair much is. expected
from the club during the year.
The officers of Laurel Hall Club for
the ensuing year are as follows: Presi
dent. Mrs. Ella M. Sexton; first vice
president, Mrs. Benjamin Peart; second
vice-president. Mrs. W. H. Barrows;
recording secretary, Mrs. Malcolm
Johnson; corresponding secretary, Mrs.
John S. Gray; treasurer, Mrs. H.'J.
Sadler; directors, Mesdames Thomas
\V. Collins, John Martinson, Horatio
Frost, George W. Merrill, Andrew A.
Brown. •
The clever "Cap and Bells," Mrs. S.
P. Buckingham president, will hold its
monthly meeting on Thursday at tha
new home of Mrs. Squire Varich Moon
ey, 2010 Broadway.
In this baby member of clubdom is
a vast amount of talent— musical, the
atrical, literary— and some clever re
conteurs. Some good "Cap and Bells"
stories have wandered beyond the con
fines of the club, by the way, but "of
course men can't keep anything, you
know," say the women who related the
stories to their husbands. But fortun
ately they're repeatable stories. Here
with is the programme to be rendered,
which is under the direction of Mrs.
S. P. Blumenberg, chairman pro
gramme committee:
"Wit and Humor," members; piano solo —
a "Xachstuck" No. 4, b "AufschwunR" —
(Schumann). Miss Ena Lantrworthy; "La Belle
Parlslenne" (eong, with dance, from "The
Belle of New York"). Mrs. V. C. Drlffleld;
psychic talk. Dr. Tryphinnle B. Janes; con
tralto solo. »IiF« Helena Roeckel. Mrs. S. P.
Blumcnbers. accompanist — a. "The Temple
Bells." b "Less Than the Dust, c "Kashmiri"
song, d "I ShaTl Awake" — (Amy Woodforde
Flnden): Uance^ — a "California Coquette," b
"Minuctte de la Coeur"— Mrs. M. TYilkins.
The speaker, being essentially a
military man, assumed the position of
all militants, that war does not bru
talize a people, nor individuals, but es
tablishes a discipline over each that be
comes a factor for good government.
Of course, many of the ladies didn't
share the general's views, but their
enjoyment of the talk was thorough.
Mrs. J. £1. Birmingham sang one of
Massenet's pretty lyrics in her usual
splendid style.
The Sorosis Club has established the
commendable custom of evening enter
tainments, where the men-folk axe bid
den to enter the precincts of tea and
talk. Last week the club was ad
dressed by General C. A. Woodruff on
"The Probabilities of Future War."
If the general is as good a warrior as
he Is a reconteur he would be a regi
ment all by himself.
Spanish cl&ci, frea to members. Professor
Hermandez.
ture Bectlon. Friday. May 27. 10 a. m... whist
•ect'on.
BY IiAURA BRIDE POWERS.
During the past week a deadly dull
neBS characterized the days, and were
it not for the activity of dear little
Cupid the week would have been stu
pidly still. As It was, a few engage
ments were announced, causing many
ripples on the smooth surface of so
ciety, for which we are all grateful.
Betrothals are happy affairs — some
times happier than the secondary stage.
THRONGS HEAR
THE METHODISTS
Discovery Is Made That Sharp Practice Was Engaged
In to Bring About Defeat of Directors.
CALIFORNIA CLUB IS RECONCILED TO NEW OFFICERS.
DEADLY DULLNESS CHARACTERIZES VACATION DAYS
Smooth Surface of Society Is Rippled by a Few Engage
ments, but These Alone Break the Calm.
for several weeks more, and after a
visit to the St. Louis Exposition and
other Eastern points of interest will
return to this city. Miss Anita Feder,
who has spent the last couple of years
abroad, will return home with her
mother.' / '..-
Mrs. Leon Maver and daughter Sel
ma of 1240 Webster street are visiting
Mrs. Mayer's mother, Mrs. Harriet
Lackman of Reno. Nevada.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Cohn announce
the confirmation of their daughter
Celia May 20 at the Congregation Sher
ith Israel, corner Taylor and Post
streets. Reception Sunday, the 22d,
from 2 to 5 p. m., at 434% Natoma
street.
Resorts.
Arrivals at the various resorts are as
follows :
Hotel del Monte — Mrs. Truman. Miss Maria
Church. Vernon Waldron, J. W. Marrell. San
Francisco; Miss B. A. Nichols. Rhode Islam!;
Mm. C. II Earle. Los Angeles; W. R.
Tucker. London: Mr. and Mr». V. H. Symond*.
New York; Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Llchenstein.
New Orleans; Mrs. A. M. Gentry. W. R. lAnn.
Chicago: Mrs. E. S. Lipplncott. Miss E. Has
lam. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas T. Potts, Phila
delphia: Mr. and Mrs. Charles L. Mead, Mr.
and Mrs. E. T. Steadman. E. Ten Brock. New
Jersey: Mrs. William Vallance. E. V. Vallance.
William E. Vallance, Philadelphia.
Mr. and Mrs. II. « R. Potter. Wisconsin: Mr.
and Mrs. R. O. Hanfopl. Dr. and Mrs. O. W.
Fuller Dr. Staley Stlllxnan. Mr. and Mrs.
Schottler. W. A. Blssfll, J. W. Spencer, Fred
Stelnhardt. R. H. Countiss. W. J. Shotwell.
G. -W. Luce. F. M. Scocner San Francisco;
Mr. and Mrs. 11. M. Adams. Portland: Mr.
and Mrs. S. 'G. Fulton, Portland; Edward
Chambers. II. E. Vernon, Los Angeles; H. M.
StoutenbrouKh. Seattle: Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
Coffin, Mrs. W. O. Schuyler, Miss Schuyler.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Biggin, Mr. and Mrs. R. II.
Lawrence. Miss A. M. Hall. C. H. Brooks, Miss
Brooks. Misses Rathborne, Mrs. J. D. Robinson.
Miss Robinson. New York; Mrs. Cornelius.
Philadelphia; Mrs. M. A. Mershon. Long Island
City; James Connor Jr.. Richmond. Va. : Arch!
bald Harrison, San Mateo: Mr. and Mrs. F.
M. Taylor, Denver; Mrs. I. R. Kackley and
family. Indianapolis; Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Ca
pers, Illinois.
Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Allen, H. S. Mann,
A. A. Mead, Boston; Ben T. Masking, li.
P. Judson, A. Llpman. Mr. and Mrs. O.
A. Hills. Miss M. Hills. T. M. Mills. Chi
cago; Mr. and Mrs. A. Pagenstlcker Misses
Pagenstlcker. Gustav Pagenstlcker, Miss J. D.
Crlsty, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur M. Eislg. New
York; T. B. Bass. St. Paul; Mr. and Mrs.
C. D. Clarke. Peorla; E. H. Alnslle. London;
R. T. Stephens, New Zealand; E. R. Ellis.
Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Trimble. Mrs. Austin
Tubbs. Master George ¦ Tubbs, Master Sallam
Tubbtt. San Francisco.
Mr». S. P. A. Gunther. Miss Gunther, Mr.
and -Mrs. W. A. Burden, Mrs. C. W. Kayser,
New York; Mr. and Mrs. F. L.- Flske, Ottawa,
III.; Mrs. S. A. Gerould. Kerne. N. H. : Mr.
and Mrs. F. R. Buckminster, Louise Thorn
ton. Mrs. G. W. Tllton. F. M. Hicks. Chi
cago; Mr. antl.Mrs. C. Hutchlnson, Miss Hutch-
Inson, Toronto; Mr. and Mrs. Putnam, U.
8. N.
SWANTON HOUSE. PASADENA— Claries
Adams, China: E. L. Rankin. E. A. Bowen,
Petaluma; J. Montevaldo, South San Francisco;
R. F. Smith. San Jcse; Carl Miller. H. Under
hML Redwood City; A. Borland. J. N. Kirk.
M. J. Klu el. O. F. Pua. Oakland: J. E. Jaco
bus. Nile*; D. W. McLaughlln. Berkeley; M!s»
M. H. Adams. Charles L. Adams, Mount Ver
non; Paul Levy, Miss M. Levy San Mateo;
W. J. Reid. D. C. Schoenfeld, A. W. Otten
helmer. D. L. Aronson. E. G. Dennlston. K.
A. Allen. B. Hess. Nick Malrish. J. W. Sail.
E. J. Brown. H. E. Disgles. J. D. Wads
worth. W. E. Staley, J. E. Creaaon, E. B.
Folaom and wife, W. Brackett and wife, N.
E. Lloyd. J. B. Lunard. A. E. Tappan. L. M.
Donihue. William Craig. Robert F. Galllgher,
M. Posner. John Lewln Ed Gundelflngtr. 9.
G. Mlah. O. Wlnnlngrstad. W. Hartford Jr..
E. G. Moyes. W. McCormick. Mr. and Mrs.
Bullard. G. A. Stewart. T. C. Hyde and wife,
M. Blumenthal. W. F. cn:pman, W. Wolfe,
L. H. Fentres*. W. H. Cameron. Mr. ami Mrs.
Keystone Jr.. all of San Francisco, and John
Kase of New York.
PARAISO SPRINGS— Mm B. Heine. Ed Al
len. Ida E. Vanderhoef. P. Claudius, Jacob
Schlosser. H. Danzer. W. R. S. Foye. Philip
J. Craner and wife. Keith K. Dran, A. Paul
sen, Mrs. C. B. Dean. Mrs. W. H. McNaugh
toa. G. Eisponelto. Sydney J. Kelley H. S.
Spring. Mlrs Edith Booth. Mm. A. Franklin.
Henry C. 'Wehr. M. Johnson and wife, Salinas;
Charles R. Melander Lilian A. Parker, J. A.
Bacher, St. Louts; C.' E. Curby and wife. Miss
Davidson, W. J. Hicks. Silver City. N. M.;
Mrs. Laura M. Fatrchlld. New York City; L.
B. Archer and wn>. San Jose; B. F. Gould.
Soledad: Mr. and Mrs. O. G. McKInsey. Ed
ward White. WatsonvlIIe; Mrs. C. H. Hopkins.
Santa Barbara: P. Garrisserl. Salinas; Neils
M. Martin, Oakland; Fred J. Blackburn, Paso
Roblef>: R. R. Qulnn. Watsonville; J. T. Mur
phy, Castrovllle; C. K. Johnson. Pacific Grove.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 9, 1904.
[MRS. EMMA NOXNERNMANN. WHO
WAS GIVEN A SUnPRISE PARTY I
BY GENEVIEVE PARLOR. j
Mrs. Matilda Feder, who has been
visiting her daughter, Mrs. Jacques
Mayer, in Berlin, has recently returned
from Paris and is at present in New
York City with her. daughters. Mrs.
Feder expects to remain in that city
Mr. and Mrs. Gerhaj d Wempe have
returned from Europe after an absence
of ten months and are registered at the
Palace.
After an extended tour through the
Eastern States. Mrs. Wai. J. Tuska and
her daughter Valerie will return to
their home the latter part of May.
Dr. and Mrs. R. F. Tomllnson left the
city lately for an extended Eastern and
European trip. They will .visit St.
Louis and expect to return to the city
about the first of the year.
Mr. and Mrs. Emil Pohl left their
city home last week to remain five
months at their bungalow in Blythe
dale, Mill Valle*-.
Mrs. I. Simon of 1324 Hayes street
has discontinued her day at home for
the summer.
• • • ' ' - • .*•
Mrs. James A. Stephens will not re
ceive this month, owing to her illness.
Personals.
congratulation from Euffalo. N. T., their
former home.
Malta is the most thickly populated
island in the world. It has 1360 people
to the square mile. Barbadoes has 1054
people to the square mile.
ALAMEDA, May 8.— Rev. T. 'J.
O'Conrvell, assistant pastor of St Jo
seph's Church, was presented with a
beautiful set of white vestments last
evening in- Lafayette Hall. The gift
was from the members of the parish.
Vestments for Presents.
Trickish boys created considerable
excitement at the corner of Market
and Powell streets 'shortly after 8
o'clock last night, and In a few mo
ments a crowd of several thousand
pedestrians had gathered* to inquire
who had been kjjled. The youngsters
had placed a cartridge on the track,
and as 'a : McAllister-street car ex
ploded it a rush was made: for the
spot. At first it was stated that some
belligerents had had an encounter, but
it was merely) a trick of the boys and
no damage was done beyond giving a
few passers-by, a fright.
5
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCIENCE SETTLES IT.
• Sanamff Is Caused by a Germ That Saps
the Hair's Vltalitj.
\t is now a settled fact than dandruff
1s caused by a perm. Falling hair and
baldness are the result of dandruff. Dr
4i.' 3. Beardsley of Champafgm. 111., got
hold of the new hair preparation, Xew-
brp's Herpicide — the only one that kills
the dandruff germ. He says: "I used
*HcrpH|!(3e for my dandruff and falling
Ijair. and I am well satisfied with the re-
sult." Dr. J. T. Fugate of Urbana, 111.,
say*: "I have us^d Herpicide for dan-
druff with excellent results. I shall pre-
scribe It in my practice." Herpicide
kiWs-the dandruff germ. Physicians as
. well as the Reneral public say so. Sold
by reading drupfcists. Send 10c In stamps
for simple to The Herpicide Co., Detroit.
aiicn. .
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children,
The Kind Yon Have Always Bought
Bears the Sjjr S/gfj 7""
£i£B&taro of C^to^/X /&&&4£
* BBBBBBBBBBBBBflsAa'HtefStBBBBBBW. - I
ADVERTISEaTESTTS.
Br A 1 B3L Hi fi
TEI.. SOUTH 1083.
Save time by telephonla?
your order.
3-DAY SPECIALS
GROCERIES- LIQUORS.
BOTAL SAVON SOAP .
Full weight 10 bar» !!."»€•
Extra line quality. With
orders. Reg. 5c bar.
EASTE2UT HAM3...K). l»a; c
Cudahy's. Armour's. Ham-
mond's; fresh smoked: lean,
bright meat. Mon. & Tuea.
CHERRIES IN BRANDY
Delicious dtasert.lg. bot. JJ,"»e
Indispensable for cocktails.
Kej?. 65<^
STAJfDABD TOMATOES
"• 4 can» 2oC
Select red ripe. Reg. 10c.
CHANCEBEIiLE SASDUTES..
Favorite brand. H-lto can 15c *
Genuine French. Reg. 20c.
More than double res. size. I
SODA CBACXSBS
Regr. 10c Vb. carton 5c
VE2TETZAH BI.END COPPEE •
Guatemala 2 Ilia. iJ."»c
Plantation brand. Reg. 20c.
RAPTKA SOAP... 7 bar» 25c
Genuine.
KINOAH'S BOILED SAM
Monday only It. l»5c
SIXVEB CKESCEITT WXIB-
KIT. .....full tit. bot. V,r»C
. Distillery bottling. Reg. 90c.
PBEKCK VERMOUTH . . . . .\ .
Noily, Prat & Co.. . .bot. 4Sc
TABLE CLARET gral. 30c
Good fruity wine. Monday.
GOLD LION COCKTAILS
All flavors. Regr. $l..bot. S5c
Exclusively used by His Ma-
jesty Kin* Edward VII.
TABLE POST AND SEEBST
Our reg. 75c qiial.. .ffal. 50c
: Monday and Tuesday.
SELXANCE BOUBBOJT
R.-jr. 65c qt. bot. 50«'
A. B. C. BESS. . . .pints .S 1 ..'JO
Re*. J1.50 . ¦.-.---¦
CBXSTA BX.A3TCA SOU VENUS
VUTTAOES.
Santera* at. 5Oc
Chateau Qnten. . : . . .Qt. OOc
St. JuUen. . ... .at. 55c
Table d'Hot*. qt. 45c
OLD McBSAYEIt WH1SKET. .
Double stamped, -gul. $2.75
Distilled 1S36. Reg. $3.S0.A ,T a meeting of the Park Commissioners on Friday
afternoon : representatives from the various as
sociations interested in the building of the pro
posed new athletic grounds and speed track in Golden
Gate Park appeared and urged the Commissioners to* be
gin work at once upon the proposed improvement. The
representatives stated they were ready to: deposit with
the board $10,000 of the promised outside subscription
of $25,000/ as an earnest of ; good faith toward;their"ob
taining the remaining $15,000.' .The $25,000 promised
THE PARK ATHLETIC GROUNDS.
As a species of hardened criminals
among placid herblverous animals none
is worse than the bison, or American
buffalo. Toward man and beast and
even among themselves these vicious,
vindictive and agile brutes, whose half
brothers on other continents do not fear
even the terrific onslaughts of lions and
tigers, are in a state of almost contin
ual warfare. Eagerly cropping grass
from a meadow or luxuriantly wallow-
Ing in the swamp mud of their ranges,
a herd of these giant, brown, ponder
ous-headed, shaggy patriarchs make' a
scene of peace and contentment. Yet
they are among the wickedest rogues
and most aggressive fighters ever seen
In a zoo. Sullen and ugly, they often
become, furious to madness without the
least provocation, and frequently at
tack one another with serious or fatal
results.—McClure's Magazine.
The Criminal Bison.
D. George Collins, another member of
of the United States.
Lord Lyveden is, of course, one of ttfe
most interesting men on the committee.
His adventurous career as actor, pur
ser, waiter and what not has been
pretty fully described already. He has
'now settled down to the serious work
of helping to govern his countrymen
instead of amusing them from behind
the footlights. A few days ago he was
sitting on a committee that was in
quiring ir.to the enlargement of the
Cardiff docks, and it Is said that he
V>ok an active and intelligent interest
in the subject.
Next in point of Interest to his Lord
ship comes the ex-Lord Mayor of Dub
lin. In the early nineties Thomas Pile,
although an Englishman born, was
more Irish than the Irish themselves.
..He carried on an extensive fish busi
ness in Dublin, entered enthusiastically
- Into the nationalist movement and
clinging tenaciously to Parnell during
the "most exciting days of that remark
able mas's career was rewarded with
the .mayoralty of Dublin as the price of
_hls allegiance. Little did Parnell think
that the elevation of the fish merchant
was a stepping stone to a baronetcy.
After Parnell'e death when the late
jj Queen visited Ireland, Thomas Pile, in
Spite of the violent protest of the ma
jority of the Dublin corporation, pre
sented an address of welcome to her
Majesty, and as the price of his alle
giance to his sovereign be received his
knighthood. Tho coronation honors
. . brousiJt him his baronetcy. The royal
patronage did not help to Increase his
popularity with the people of. Dublin,
• -anti Sir Thomas, after his carriage had
been several tirr.es assailed with putrid
• cods* heads, to remind h5m of his call-
Ing, determined to return to the bosom
of his own countrymen, and he says
that he is now settled permanently In
London. England has already com
menced to shower honoris on him
afresh. He is a keen business man
and the success of the proposed visit
to the United States will be largely
floe to his efforts.
HEADQUARTER OF THE CALL.
S.. HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. April 2S.— When
the St. Louis sails from Southampton
on May 14 she will carry an imposing
delegation of English. Scotch and Irish
mayors, ex-mayors and chairmen of
borough councils and other varieties -jf
city fathers who are going over to see
how some of the principal American
1 :ties are govern*'*'! and- to pick up
points for the possible improvement of
municipal government in Great Brit
ain. Incidentally they are taking their
vives and daughters along to see the
St. Louis Exhibition and have a gooi
time generally, all at their own ex
• pense.
• The visit will be the outcome of an
interview Lord Lvveden had last y«»ar
'.Stn the Mayor of Philadelphia, iht
t'ommissionvn? of the District of Co
lumbia and the Governor of Missouri.
They assured his LordshiD that an or
ganized municipal party would be wel
comed heartily in the United States,
and pointed out that such a visit would
•" materially promote the friendly inter
jests of England and America. Lord
Lyveden feared that to make puch a
party thoroughly representative of the
municipalities of the United Kingdom
• was too huge ' an undertaking. Hs
ccmmunlcated the suggestions, how
ever, to the Lord Mayor of London,
with the result that a committee was
• organized to get the views of the muni
cipalities throughout the country- The
7>*sponse was encouraging and the fcl
'. lowing formed themselves Into an ex
. ecutive committee to carry the scheme
through:
' The Right Hon. Lord Lyveden. chair
• man: Sir Thomas H. Brooke-Hitching.
ex-Sheriff of London, vice chairman;
Sir Thomas D. Pile, bart, ex-Lord
Mayor. Dublin, honorable secretary:
Fir Alfred D. Newton, bart. ex-Lord
Mayor. London; James Dailey, M. P.,
• 'Kensington Board Council: James
• Bailey, M. P.. Kensington Board Coun
cil; E. A. Cornwall, vice chairman Lon
don County Council; J. A. Lile,
corporation of city of London; D.
George Collins, corporation of city of
London, chairman of the City of Lon
don International Commercial Associa
tion; A. K. Carlyon, Middlesex County
I* Council; Richard Bainbrldge. Barnes
District Council.
All these men will be members of
.. the party and their names are a suf
ficient guarantee that the affair will
be substantial.
The organizers of this municipal tour
thought that the sum of $395, which Is
the Inclusive price for the tour, would
be somewhat prohibitive, and that only
a hundred or two of their municipal
brethren would care to go to the
"expense. The applications turn out to
be double the number, bo that the com
mittee is now confronted with the
unenviable task of weeding out.
• After errlTing In New York the del
egates will "do" the city for three days
¦'and then leave for Philadelphia and
"Washington. While In Washington
they will be entertained by the Presi
dent. They hope to reach St. Louis
about June 1, where they -will stay for
a week. On June 9 they will reach
. Niagara, proceeding to Toronto and
thence to New York, where the party
5 will break up, some to return home,
¦ and some to make a more extended tour
Sp*c\*\ '
To Study Our Cities.
. The distributive trade is reported better, however,
owing lo the improvement in the weather, which has
stimulated the jobbing and retail demand in many sec
tions, though it has produced very little effect on the
wholesale and foreign trade. If there was any feature
of prominence last week it was the more unfavorable
r.ews regarding the wheat crop, which shows a decided
deterioration from the April condition. The severe tem
peratures of the past winter, when the crop was unpro
tected by snow, followed by a cold, wet spring, which re
tarded the growth of the plant, produced their effect,
which is now becoming manifest. There will be no
serious shortage in the crop, but earlier estimates are
being cut down, especially in the winter wheat belt.oi
the Middle West. In the spring belt seeding is practi
cally .finished, except in the Red River. Valley, and the
outlook there is fair. It was expected that tlve disclo
sures relative to the impairment of the crop would send
wheat up somewhat and Wall street railroad stocks cor
respondingly down, but they did neither to any extent.
Trade is in that languid condition when conditions must
be radical and violent to affect values.
Statistics continue to run against any good showing.
The bank clearings still show a moderate falling off
every week from the corresponding period Ia3t year, and
while the shrinkage is 'never large, it is continuous. That
last week was 11.4 per cent, with two-thirds of the im
portant cities "ranged on the losing side. The aggregate
clearings, however, again exceeded the two billion dol
lar point, probably owing to the improvement in the
distributive trade mentioned above. The failures were
206, against 176 last year, but none of them were serious
enough to attract attention. Railway earnings in April
were 5.8 per cent less than in April, 1903, and commodity
price?, according to Dun's index number, declined
s-lightly during the month.
Affairs in Wall street are in a very tame condition at
present. The public are still out of the market, and
from present indications intend to remain out^ of it in
definitely. The great financial interests continue to ten
der them the be?t of speculative bait, but they are not
touching it. These financial interests, as already men
tioned, are calling attention to the fact that money is a
glut at from 1 to 3 per cent, while the railroads and in
dustrial concerns are paying 4 and 5 per cent dividends
right along. "Why not borrow money on time loans at
3 and 3% per cent and buy standard stocks which pay
5 per cent?' 1 ask the great financial interests, with their
blandest smiles. But their blandishments fall upon deaf
ears. The public will not buy. Perhaps they suspect that
these 4 and 5 per cent dividends are being paid out of
the recent enormous borrowings from the banks, men
tioned several times of late, and which aggregate, ac
cording to generally accepted estimates, to upward of
$300,000,000, and indeed actual talk to that effect has
been heard in speculative circles. Whether the suspicion
has any foundation in fact remains to be seen.
Another deterrent is the fear that a year from now
these great railroads and industrials may be paying 2%
per cent instead of 5 per cent, and some may be paying
nothing at all. There has also been some talk to this
effect. Of course all these conjectures and speculations
tend to keep unprofessional speculators out of the
market.
There is still another deterrent factor in this propo
sition of dividends. It is the statement that the divi
'dend disbursements in May will be the smallest May
record for years. The total, based on dividends already
declared, is only $14,991,357. against $21,025,697 in May,
1903, and $18,793,981 in May, 1902. Last year the United
States Steel Corporation paid a quarterly dividend of
$8,930,496, but this year the disbursement will be re
duced to $6,054,919 in consequence of the conversion ot
preferred stock into boijds. Other companies will pay
dividends' on a reduced percentage, and several which
paid last year will be missing from the list.
There is nothing especially new in the leading staples.
The number of idle factories has increased, especially in
textiles and footwear, and the depression in the silk
industry mentioned last week continues. Structural
work is increasing with better weather, but dealers had
accumulated large stocks of building material, and
prices are consequently rather weak than otherwise. All
descriptions of clothing are reported quieter. Iron and
steel are still quiet and no longer attract attention. Pro
visions are in large supply and dragging at the leading
Western packing points. -Hides and wool exhibit no fea
tures worthy of comment. Groceries show the usual
fluctuations, up and down.
Our local conditions remain unchanged. We are
largely dependent upon -our. cereal and fruit crops on
this coast, and both are looking well, considering the
situation as a whole. The same authority that is cutting
down the estimates of the wheat crop in the winter belt
gives brilliant reports from the three coast States, the
condition of California wheat being given at 90, Oregon
at 99 and Washington at 100. The Weather Bureau
reports the fruit crop looking well almost everywhere,
and the handlers of canned and dried fruit report both
markets generally cleaned up, with the exception of rai
sins and prunes, both of which will probably have some
carry-over at the end of the season. The hay crop, ac
cording to local handlers, will be one of the heaviest
ever known.
General business is good all over the coast. Money is
abundant, collections are normal and theMomestic and
export trade are both excellent. " Some quieting down in
sympathy with the East, by which we are largely gov
erned in many lines, is. noted, but as a rule the movement
of produce and merchandise is excellent and profit mar
gins are very satisfactory.
BUSINESS continues monotonous and feature
less all over the country. Whether we regard the
money market, the merchandise market, foreign
and domestic commerce in general or the industries, we
find the same apathy in all directions. Conditions now
are about as they are in midsummer, when business
shrinks to a low level and the whole field of trade is as
([uict as a millnond.
Dear Mr. Skilton: Those who in the
past have devoted themselves to the
diffusion of ideas have usually had
much to suffer and have met with lit
tle appreciation; they died before it
came. Remembering the fates of such,
I may regard myself as extremely for
tunate. Though during the first half of
my literary career, the losses were
great and the encouragements small,
yet the last half^has made amends;
and I may be more than satisfied alike
with the material, results and the ef
fects produced, as well as with the
marks of approval which have been'
coming to me more and more fre
quently.
Among these last the resolution
passed-by the Brooklyn Ethical Asso
ciation, which I received yesterday, is
one of the most gratifying and calls
for special thanks. — From The Inde
pendent.
Copyrighted In England Rnd the United States.
• m •
May 10, 1890.
Tou think that I have got some mes
sage and that utterance of it might
stave off impending evils. I have but
one message — be honest; regard the
equitable claims of others while main
taining your own. The disregard, of
nil save personal Interests is the under
lying cause of your present state and
of Impending disasters. As I said
years ago, apropos of American af
fairs, a fatal trait in your society is
the admiration for smart men, and I
believe I said or implied that a people
among whom there is an admiration
for smart men will come to grief. If
you think that a healthier ideal can be
established in American society by
teaching, I entirely disagree with you.
Under your present condition men
could not be got to listen. Even if
they listened they would not be con
rinced. Arid even if they were con
vinced their conduct would not' be ap
preciably affected. When men are un
der the influence of pronounced feel
ings no amount of reason changes their
behavior. ¦
A true theory of social progress is
rot a cause of movement, but is simply
cil to the movement— serves simply to
remove friction. The force producing
the movement is the aggregate' of
men's instincts and sentiments, and
these are not to be changed by a the
ory.
When I was leaving America in W82
I was unawares interviewed on board
the vessel Just before we started. The
interviewer asked me what I thought
of the triumph over the "bosses" which
had Ju.«t been achieved. I expressed
my belief that it was only a flash in
the pan and that the old state of things
would after a time return. It has, as
you know, returned. The recent dis
closures have shown that the condition
of things in New York had again be
come as bad as it was.
Dear Mr. Skilton: In one respect you
have misread my books, or misunder
stood an essential thing contained in
them. Tou believe that the course of
things in society is to be changed by
teaching. I do not believe any such
thing. Everywhere I have contended,
and I contend still, that Jfelings. not
ideas, determine social results— that
everything depends, not upon intellect,
but upon character; and character is
not to be changed in a day or in a
generation.
TO MR. SKILTON.
February 2, 1895.
In another letter he says that or
dinarily he cannot stand over a few
moments without experiencing a weak
ening of the heart. He again replied
rather testily to his friends that they
must not. in view of his extreme deli
cacy, bother him for an expression of
his 'opinion on more or less irrelevant
and pedantic matters. Later he left off
letter -writing altogether, except to the
very few, and answered correspondence
with the well-known printed circular
thanking the correspondent for his
good will, but begging on account of ill
health to be excused.
The following letter*, heretofore un
published, were written by Herbert
Spencer to a Brooklyn friend. Spencer
wrote without thought of publication—
in fact, stipulated that his correspond
ence should not be published—presum
ably during life. He never corresponded
promiscuously, and what he sent out he
dictated, only the signature being in
his handwriting. Often the most or
dinary paper was used by him, and
both sides of the sheet were written
upon. Months would elapse when his
closest friends received only four or
five lines, often dictated from the sick
bed. How little opportunity he had for
making letter writing an art may be
Judged from this extract from a letter:
"How much an Invalid I have been
for a long time past you may judge
from the fact that until about two
months ago I had not seen my most in
timate lady friend for a year and a
half, tho' she wished to see ine." (June
8, 1894.)
Spencer's Letters.
the committee, has done more than any
other man In England to- foster and
promote sood feeling between com
mercial communities. He is continually
arranging conferences between Eng
land and the representatives of foreign
countries with the view of bringing
about a favorable understanding on
questions affecting International inter
ests.
QUIET COMMERCIAL DAYS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 9, 1904.
Society in the national .-capital was roundly denounced
by a nationally respected clergyman recently, for the false
ideals and palpable immoralities which: distinguish
fashionable life in Washington. The pursuit of studied
and elegant leisure seems to be the only profession in
which men and women make an emphatic' failure. " *
, Among the myriad reports from the Oriental war is
one that is of exceptional interest. It asserts upon
reasonable authority that 10 per cent of the Japanese
army are women of the coolie class, who are fighting
with "desperate patriotism in the; field. The fact that the
story' is probably untrue gives it greater importance,
for it shows that the Japanese. are placing deep reliance
upon that most potent of weapons in any cause — senti
ment.
It. is to be regretted that the association of old firemen,
the volunteers who fought the city's fires without pay
and without reward other than the consciousness of
work well done, is being neglected and forgotten in its
old age. The old men are going to their long sleep very
rapidly and they should not be permitted to go without
the knowledge that to the end they lived in the best
opinion of San Francisco. and her new generation of men.
Age has its common marks every
where. An old man stoops, shrinks in
stature and becomes round-shouldered;
an aged tree sheds its branches, breaks
off at the top and finally tumbles into
ruin; a time-worn mountain loses Its
aspiring peaks, smooths down Its
jagged outlines, rounds off its steep
slopes, sinking lower and lower under
the constant wear of the elements, un
til only a line of green-carpeted hills
remains to mark the place where tre
mendous summits rose Into the region
of perpetual snow and flashed back the
sunshine from a crown of glaciers.
It is relatively an easy task to cal
culate the age of a mountain, range
which, like, the Sierra Nevada Range,
had 'a, new. birth at the beginning of
quarternary time, the latest period in
the geological history of our planet. It
would be far more difficult to offer the
There is something almost lifelike in
the growth of mountains. They do not
attain their maximum stature all at a
leap. The first great uplift of the Sier
ras, Professor Lawson thinks, elevated
the range about 2500 feet. Even that
was not done at a bound. It took time
while the gigantic pressures were at
work. Vast periods also elapsed while
the growing mountains swelled upward
to their culmination of 14,000 or 15.000
feet. Perhaps they are still growing.
The Growth of Mountains.
It must be a matter of the deepest regret to every
friend of the University of California that the authori
ties at Berkeley have found it necessary so to reflect
upon the honesty of "any part of the student body as to
accuse undergraduates of "cribbing" in the examinations.
It should be the duty of the various classes to institute
a most rigid inquiry, hunt out the offenders and insure
their expulsion., The initiative by the students would
have an . immediate effect in a salutory lesson.
Goddess of battles, with the maiden
sword
And blameless banner, when to France
availed
Not all her gallant manhood, helmed and
V - mailed,
To drive from off her soil the alien
\ horde.
That over * pasture, v hamlet, vineyard
poured.
You with your unarmed lnnocency scaled
The walls of war. and. where man's
might had failed.
Crowning, enthroned the Anointed of the
Lord.
And should France yet again be called
to scare
Tho stranger from her gates, and hurl
back thence
Feet that would violate her frontiers fair.
Not meretricious sycophants of sense.
But the pure heart and patriotic prayer.
Once more would prove her rescue and
defense.
— Alfred Austin. Poet laureate. In the
Independent.
Jeanne d'Arc.
Hmv Torpedoes Are Made.
The Whitehead torpedo, built for the
United States Government, is made
chiefly of steel, and nearly In the
shape of a porpoise. Its greater diam
eter is nearly eighteen inches. It Is
made in two sizes or lengths of about
twelve feet and seventeen feet, respec
tively. The weight of the shorter one,
ready for discharge, is nearly half a
ton. As constructed by the E. w.
Bliss Company of Brooklyn, these tor
pedoes are made In five sections, con
taining in all nearly 2000 separate
pieces. Beginning at the head of the
machine, which is sometimes called
the business end. we find 110 pounds of
wet gun cotton packed above a bronze
partition. This cotton is inserted in
the form of disks, which are pierced
through their centers to make room for
a little brass case of dry gun cotton
priming. The front end of the dry gun
cotton Is pierced to receive the deton
ating primer, containing fulminate of
mercury, and capped with a percussion
cap. In front of the primer case is
screwed a war nose, which operates
automatically when 'the torpedo strike*
the target by driving the firing pin
against the cap and so effecting a se
ries of explosions ending with the wet
gun cotton.
Back of the head Is the flask, which
occupies more than half the length of
the machine. It is filled with air com
pressed to a pressure of 1230 pounds to
the square inch, or to one-ninetieth of
its ordinary volume. The escape of
this air through a small valve leading
to the engines and motors, placed in a
compartment back of the flask, fur
nishes all the power for the locomotion
of the machine.
Between the flask and the engine
there is a very important compartment
containing the mechanism for auto
matically regulating the depth of im
mersion—keeping it constant accord
ing to a setting of the machine. Thi3
device was never patented, but was
kept a secret, the details of it being
sold to the various maritime nations.
The principle of it Is this: There are
several apertures through the walls of
the machine which are covered by dia
phragms on thin rubber. The pressure
of the water outside, which increase:)
with the depth, pushes these in
ward accordingly, and at the same
time pushes pistons that rest
behind the rubber diaphragms.
The motion of the pistons is communi
cated to horizontal rudders, co that a
slight deviation from the assigned
depth will immediately incline them;
and thus the machine is raised or de
pressed as required. A pendulum sus
pended in the same compartment op
erates similarly to keep the machine
In a horizontal position.— From "Tor
pedoes and Torpedo Warfare," by Hud
son Maxim, In the American Monthly
Review of Reviews for May.
Anszvers to Queries.
GENERAL'S PAT— S. f City. The
pay of the lieutenant general of the
United States army is $11,000 a year,
or $916 67 a month.
GASES — Subscriber. City. A cubic
foot of air weighs 527 grains; of car
bonic acid, 800; of carburetted hydro
gen, 220; of hydrogen. 43. and of oxy
gen, 627.
NOT IN THE BOOKS — H. C. C..
Loa Gatos, Cal. None of the printed
California decisions are to the effect
that a man in California cannot work
for his board and that he must receive
some money compensation for his ser
vices.
PRESIDENTS — Subscriber. . City.
Those who have filled the Presidential
chair of the United States who Joined
Freemasonry are Washington. Jack
son, Polk. Fillmore. Buchanan. John
son, Garfield, McKinley and Roose
velt. It is said that Fillmore re
canted.
IRON— Sub.. Oakland. Cal. The fol
lowing is given as a method for distin
guishing wrought and cast Iron from
steel: "Apply a drop of nitric acid to
the polished surface and allow it to re
main there for about two minutes, then
wash off with water. The spot will
then look a pale, ashy gray on wrought
Iron, a brownish black on steel and a
deep black on cast Iron." It Is the car
bon present in various proportions that
produces the difference in appearance.
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic nre-etched boxes. 715 Market st.**
Special information supplied dally i9
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal»
tfornla street. Telephone Main 1012, •
" 'Why* not?'
" 'My husband declares he will di
vorce me if I use it,' the answer came.
'I applied it every day, but he says it
is driving him out of the place. It be
comes so rancid.'
"I withdrew in as good order as pos
sible, but I've never forgotten the old
lady in her efforts to regain youthful
bloom with condensed milk."
"And I imagined my prospective pa
tron gazing at herself in a glass. Well,
to make a long story short, I sold
her a dozen bottles of the stuff. A
couple of weeks later I returned to the
house.
" 'Now, young man, your cream may
be very good, but I cannot buy any
more,* was the reception she gave me.
"When I first ventured into the game
I was sent out on a house to house
canvass with a brand of bottled con
densed cream. I was anxious to make
a record, was enthusiastic and, per
haps, not over careful in some of my
methods. One afternoon, late In a day
that had not panned out well, I was
answered at a door by an elderly
woman, who heard my story:
" 'Oh, that's the cream I see adver
tised so much as so good for the com
plexion?' . •
"What prompted me I don't know,
but I saw my chance, so away I went.
" 'The very same,' said I. *It will
make youthful and bright the worst
wrinkled face you ever saw.'
For the Complexion.
At the National Grocers' Convention
they were talking shop. One of the
party had been a traveling salesman.
Said he:
This little comedy in the Democratic players' camp is
amusing enough to the spectators, but it has its uncom
fortable element for the actors. It is said that the tru
est actor is one who can so far forget himself in the de
lineation of the character he represents that he becomes
oblivious to everything save that which appertains to
his mimic art. Mr. Bryan is such a one.. In playing the
part -of. the. Presidential aspirant, and later the enforced
role of the "once was" who would be it once again, the
gentleman from the Platte has shown a soulfulness of
dramatic expression and a thoroughness in every detail
of the mummer's trade that rivals comparison with any
thing the Democratic stage has seen. But, as suggested
before, this wonderful concentration upon character de
lineation reacts upon the rest of the players with no
inconsiderable discomfort.
If the Democracy of Nebraska in particular, and the
Democratic convention in general, would enjoy immu
nity from* embarrassment and even a small degree of
tranquillity, they should delegate somebody to wake Mr.
Bryan and bring him back to things mundane. When
Democracy" is united in the belief that the late Presiden
tial aspirant is no longer a power to move the world it
may even succeed in making the light break in on the
Bryan conscience. Until that auspicious time Democ
racy, and especially the perturbed Nebraska Democracy,
has the undivided sympathies of a charitable world.
And Bottom, made drunk with ecstasy at the flattery of
the deluded ones, kicks out his heels in true asinine
abandon, taking little reckoning of who stand behind
Mine ear is much enamour'd of thy note;
So is mine eye enthralled to thy shape.
IT seems that Bryan, the irrepressible, is causing the
Democratic leaders of Nebraska to sit up nights in
anxious speculation over the probable" antics in which
the silver-tongued orator of the Platte will indulge him
self at the St. Louis convention. From Omaha comes
the word that William Jennings Bryan is planning a
bolt for the whole Nebraska delegation if things do not
go as he wishes in the Democratic wigwam, and dis
traught party whips declare that such an action will bean
indelible blot on the fair name of Democracy as she
grows in Nebraska.
In the Midsummer Night's Dream of Democracy,
which is to have its denouement at the St. Louis con
vention and the inevitable awakening next November.
Mr. Bryan is playing the role of Bottom with his usual
meteoric brilliancy. Despite his ass's ears and the
raucous bray that comes from his oracular lips with
dreadful insistence, there are certain of the fairy ring of
the Kansas City old guard who, like Titania, raised the
lovelorn sigh:
THE BRYAN COMEDY.
The Board of Public Works has been formally notified
by the Board of Health that the sweeping of streets as
now conducted is a delusion and a snare. The streets
are not swept and disease haunts the air for human
lodging. So far, so good. It is always well for every
body to understand the situation in reference to which
the public has so long been thoroughly informed. The
Works Board may even sympathize with us.
measuring tape of the centuries to th«
great Appalachian Range, which lies
just behind the Atlantic seaboard. Tha
Appalachians date back to the remote
carboniferous age, which ended so long
ago that nobobdy probably would be
willing to risk a guess at the number of
millions of years which must since hav«
elapsed. The Appalachians may have
been magnificent giants in their day,
but time has conquered them, aa it will
also conquer the rugged Sierras, and
now their verdured flanks and tops de
light the unalarmed eyes of railway
tourists winding on swift trains of par
lor cars through the rich valleys that
have fattened on the substance of the
disintegrated peaks.— Success.
When the paper appeared in the
morning there immediately formed a
precession of grave professors and gay
students to pay a congratulatory visit
to the tortoise who had achieved the
proud distinction of becoming a happy,
though savage, mother. When the well
wishers had arrived at the spot and
craned over the fence they saw the
two tortoises (females) basking in som
nalent ease with no maternal carea
seeming to depress them, and on the
dome like back of, each was painted in
glaring white one impudent word:
"Rubber."
Several years ago the university was
the proud possessor of two female land
tortoises from the Galapagos Islands,
each weighing nigh onto a thousand
pounds and reputed to be old as Me
thuseleh. They were kept in a pen
behind the agricultural building ana
after the first wave of curiosity had
swept over the studejits the ancient
reptiles were left to their own devices.
* One dark and starry night two stu
dents, armed with a bicycle lantern and
a can of white paint, climbed into the
turtles' Inclosure and busied themselves
for several minutes in a mysterious
manner. . Shortly ' afterward the office
of the student dally newspaper wa3
rung up on the phone and a voice, pur
porting to be that of a respected pro
fessor in the "cow college," notified the
enterprising young night editor that
the two turtles behind the agricultural
building had reproduced themselves
and had consequently born the flr3t
young of their kind in captivity. Cer
tainly, in the professor's mind, it was
a noteworthy occasion.
The next morning the student paper
appeared with a long story about the
baby turtles on its front page with a
good, thick, black head and a lengthy
introduction. In view of the fact that
the mother turtle was particularly sav
age on account of the presence of her
babies the students were gravely warn
ed by the college organ not to venture
too near the inclosure, but to stand
on the wood pile at a safe distance
away.
A -Ncivspapcr Beat.
They still tell a story over at the
University of California that has to
do with a triumph of college Journal
ism.
is to. be put with a like amount of public "money, already
set aside by the board to complete the amount of esti
mated cost of : $50,000 for the new feature.
The board very properly signified its unwillingness to
begin the \vork until the whole amount |of money is
placed in its hands/when it is promised to push the work
to a speedy, conclusion. . It is fully realized that to
raise such a sum is difficult, notwithstanding that the
gentlemen who represented the organizations were act
ing in perfect good faith. It is a transaction in which
a very considerable amount of money is involved, and the
Commissioners would subject themselves to severe criti
cism if the work were half completed and then aban
doned to be left as an eyesore for lack of fun,ds. >
While it is true that the athletic grounds will be a
splendid addition to the park and will be enjoyed by the
general public in a large measure, at the^ same time the
feature will be more particularly beneficial to the driv
ing clubs and athletic organizations using.it, and there
fore it is but fair that they should take an active inter
est in its realization. That there is need for more exten
sive'room and apparatus for the different kinds of sports
in the park the usual crowded condition of the tennis
court, for instance, is an example, and it is much to be
hoped .that the matter will not be permitted to drag for
lack of enthusiasm in obtaining the necessary "money.
Organized effort by the various bodies particularly
interested should be made immediately, j The devotees of
baseball, tennis, golf, cricket, racing, football, bicycling
and in fact all those who are fond of physical exercise,
should 'combine for their common interest and make a
sport of the work of obtaining the money needed, so
that .the contemplated park athletic grounds may soon
become a reality. ' • \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
;0PD. 5FRECKELS, Proprietor . ... : .,.'.. . Atacy, Afl Ccmmtmlcatfom, to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manage:
Publication Onlco ) <3^|l|§|!i* > Third and Market Streets, a P.
MONDAY ........;.....:.. .-. ........ . ....._ ...:.:"..;¦..•. MAY 9, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
6There are more than 17,000 machine
tending operatives in Lowell, Mass.,
caring for 83S.O00 spindlet, and earning
over $500,000 a month in wages.
L. V. Hendricks, secretary of the Oro
ville Chamber of Commerce, has pre
pared a statement in which certain
damaging stories are refuted. This is In
part as follows:
The dredging proposition in simply this: By
those who have no knowledge of dredging, it
was thought possible that Oroville would be
dredged. In an effort to extend Pomona ave
nue, -which is the lost street in the Smith &
Tucker Addition, through the De Lancle Tract,
this proposition has been made use of by those
favoring the extension to I incite co-operation.
The De • Lancle Tract is under lease „ to be
dredged and the effort to open Pomona avenue
Is of course being: resisted by the dredg;lns
people. Should the street not be opened, about
two acre* north. of the line of Pomona avenu«
will be dredged, but here the dredging of Oro
ville will cease, excent that several lots In
the Veach Tract, which adjoins the De Lancie
Tract, which were . Inundated several times
during last winter, and which have Inexpensive
cottages on them, will be mined.
The reason " that dredging will stop here is
simply that they cannof pay the prices which
would be asked for the homes that would be
for sale. Some of them could not be, bought
at any price and the throwing up of tailing
piles near by would occasion damage suits.
The moat that has been offered for dredging
land is $3000 per acre, and many dredging
men think that those who have paid this will
be sick of their bargain. At this rate. If there
were no buildings on the townslte, many of
the residence lots, presuming, them to be. of
their present Intrinsic value and all for sale,
might be bought, but their having . buildings
upon- them' removes all question of the ground
being dredged, and we are- not taking into
consideration the difficulty ! which would be
experienced in a dredger getting over a street.
• To dredglnar " men the Idea of mining Oro
ville is amuainff. - It Is silly to those who un
derstand the : conditions. ' W. ¦ P. Hammond,
who understands dredging i better than ' any
other man, probably, in the world. Is now lay-'
ing off an addition on tailings to the extreme
west of Oroville. He would not . be dolnjr
thin work If he feared the town * would be
dredc^l. ¦ "' ...
The number of acres of cultivated land
which have been or are to be dredgod' amounts
to nothing compared with the land! worthless
for. agricultural purposes in the dredging dis
trict. The big boats have been a big boon to
Oroville and for. forty years to come will be a
big i source - of income to the town. Wo don't
hate the dredger here. * - : :
Secretary Hcmlrlcks of Oroville Re
futes Damaging Stories.
NO: FEAR OF DREDGERS.
The committee had an itinerary that
took in the following places, In the or
der named: Sacramento, Newcastle,
Auburn, Reno, Sacramento; on the re
turn: Woodland, Oroville, Marysville,
Chico, Red Bluff, Redding, Sacramento,
Merced, Modesto for the irrigation ju
bilee season, Visalia, Hanford, Bakers
field, Tulare, Fresno and Oakland.
From Oakland the committee went
back to Santa Cruz.
To thousands of dwellers in the inte
rior the Santa Cruz Promotion Com
mittee presented the charms of cool
sea breezes and other attractions to be
found in Santa Cruz County. The ster
eopticon views that .were nightly ex
hibited illustrated the Santa Cruz
beach, the cliff drive, the Santa Cruz
Courthouse, trie Santa Cruz High
School, river scenery, the encampment
ground, residences on the bluff at San
ta Cruz, the Big Basin and the meeting
therein of Governor Pardee and Gov
ernor Wells of Utah, the mammoth
rose bush on the library lot in Santa
Cruz, surf bathing, and there were al
together 100 scenes that were placed
nightly on a screen.
The people of Santa Cruz believe that
benefits cannot fail to follow the
unique tour of the Santa Cruz Promo
tion Committee. This would seem to
be an entirely reasonable opinion. The
Income in summer time of Santa Cruz
is largely derived from Its visitors. The
committee brought home to the people
who live where the air is warm in sum
mer al! the facts thev could to show
what theie is attractive by the shore
in the summer.
The formal concerts were, given Un
the afternoon in some central public
place; the exhibitions of stereopticon
views were in the evening, as a matter
of course. The march back to the
train after a visit was as formal as the
entry into the place from the train.
, VISIT MANY PLACES.
town that were off the line of march.
Nothing seemingly had been left to
chance. It was arranged so that,
hours before the daily concerts by the
band, concert programmes, which were
carefully followed, were . distributed
broadcast among . the public. Some
time before the train was to reach any
place : where a stop had been sched
uled, dispatches were sent forward to
the newspapers of the town or city
and alao to the Mayor, Board of. Trade,
Chamber of Commerce or other repre
sentative body of the approach of the
Promotion Committee of Santa Cruz.
Delegations from Boards of Trade and
Mayors therefore met the committee
and its band at the railway stations.
Santa Cruz was reported to be all
right/and the committee "made good"
on this statement as soon as possible.
The Interior newspapers gave space to
the Santa Cruz committee. In return
the' newspaper offices were serenaded
by the band. Where was anything left
out of this programme? , .
The general plan was to reach a town
in the forenoon and then to march with
all possible show to the hotel that had
been selected. During this march. the
distribution of literature * regarding
Santa Cruz and also the concert pro
grammes and announcements for the
day were, given out, this/distribution
being supplemented later by a v wider
one that took in the portions of city or
LOOK AFTER DETAILS.
As the procession was in Santa Cruz,
so it was everywhere else along the
line of travel. The whole outfit had the
style of a company of visiting min
strels. The band had its glittering
drum major and they played on the
march and also at the long series of
concerts that they gave with vim and
skill.
On A'Til 12 the Santa Cruz Promotion
Committee started on its travels. It
went out of Santa Cruz with flying
colors. Not all the members of the
committee were to make the tour.
The heavy work devolved upon Messrs.
Swanton and Irish, as committee mem
bers. J. W. Anderson patriotically
volunteered to tour the State with tho
party and to handle all their stereo-,
ticon views without charge and he was
on' hard. At the head of the proces
sion — which was destined for some
time thereafter to make a daily ap
pearance in some inland town or city
was a large silken banner that was
carried by a colored man. The banner
was inscribed to tell a». spectators
what , it was there for and informed
them that "this is the New Santa Crua
Tent City Band; this is only one of ten
we have engaged for the season." Also
that "$175,000 in new improvements on
the beach for the season of 1904."
This banner was a gorgeous thing,
and was made the more so by long,
depending yellow ribbons at the corner.
Behind the banner marched Swanton
and Irish, dressed up after the min
strel fashion, their attire being
crowned wkh "champagne" hats. Swan
ton held one of the yellow ribbons of the
banner and Irish clutched th<? other.
Then came the Santa Cruz Promotion
Committee behind the banner and
then, blowing their strongest and beat
ing their drums their loudest, came the
Thirteenth United States Infantry,
band, that had been engaged for the
occasion. Santa Cruz people accom
panied their committee to the special
car, that had been bannered plentiful
ly, so that no one sho* Id doubt what
party it was that was traveling in this
musical fashion from place to place. A
great amount of literature was put In
the special car, where it could be eas
ily reached; then, with a final tune, the
party were off. Boys were in the party
to attend daily to the proper distribu
tion of the literature.
be useful. On the back of the mirror
were the words: "Take a look at youi
eelf now and at New Santa Cruz dur
ing your summer vacation." The mir
rors and snaps 'were provided to the
number of many thousands, so that
every one in every town or city visitod
might set at least one.
WITH LIVELY* FANFARE.
One of these trinkets was a small
affair that can be snapped in imitation
of telegraphic apparatus, and was
greatly coveted by boys . and girls
everywhere. Oh this was an Inscrip
tion: "Your summer vacation will be
a enap If spent in New Santa Cruz."
The word "new" was justified by the
Tiew things that Santa Cruz has pro
vided. The other trinket was a email
mirror, such as any one might find to
Santa Cruz. '
Of course a special car. equipped for
the use of the committee, was the nr«t
thought, and this was duly provided.
Then the unique programme that had
been figured out was unrolled. It com
prised a series of free band concerts
to be given In a great number of Cali
fornia cities in the interior, also free
entertainments,- with accompanying
music, by night, at which views cf
Santa Cruz and of the surrounding
country were to bethrqwn by a stere
opticon upon a screen in public squares.
a spectacular dally parade, one day in
ono place and another day in another
place, one whole day to be given to
each town or city to be visited, and the
free distribution of literature and of
trinkets calculated to best advertise/
SOME CMQUi: IDEAS.
It was proposed to spend $175,000 at
least in improvements on the Santa
Ciuz beach for the entertainment of
the crowds of visitors that are expectel
to flock into Santa Cruz now that the'r
opportunities for enjoyment have bean
increased. In one place the "tented
city" is in creation. A small army of
carpenters and other mechanics have
also toiled to erect, large buildings for
the promotion of bathing and all the
pleasures of the beach and the new
structures make quite a formidable ap
pearance now, In a condition of in
completeness. In this regard the San
ta Cruz people reversed the old adage
which commands that it is well to first
catch a hare before "ou cook It. The
cookery was all provided for in ad
vance and then the Santa Cruz Pro
motion Committee started forth to
catch the hare.
This all around success paved the
way for general acquiescence in the
formation of a Santa Cruz Promotion
Committee and indorsement of its plans
for this season. Mayor Clark repre
sents the Santa Cruz Board of Trade
in its membership; F. K. Roberts rep
resents the Merchants' Association.
Last fall a meeting was held in the
courthouse at Santa Cruz, at which the
question was, "What to do next?"
What was then done also paved the
way for the Santa Cruz Promotion
Committee's unique exploitation.
At the mass-meeting referred to the
subject of establishing a tented city at
Santa Cruz and also the improvement
of the sea beach on a large scale was
mooted. The people caught this idea
and saw that it was good. In three
weeks the sum of $65,000 was raised in
subscriptions for stock of a corporation
that was formed to carry out the pur
pose in view. Many of the best and
most conservative citizens of Santa
Cruz were numbered among the sub
scribers for stock. Indeed, there was a
public awakening. Stock was also sold
in various parts of the State outside
of Santa Cruz.
Trade. i.« a member ex-offlcio; H. E.
Irish is the secretary and City Council
man F. K. Roberts, District Attorney
B. K. Knight and T. Wj Kelley, presi
dent of the Young Men's Institute, are
among the members. Swanton and Irish
made a good record last year in connec
tion with the eighty-day carnival at
Santa Cruz. The venture not only paid
its expenses, but came out with a bal
ance at the end of the season. Thirty
thousand persons were reported by the
railway people to have visited Santa
Cruz during the carnival on excursion
tickets. The bank deposits of Santa
Cruz are reported to have grown $700,
000 as the result of the carnival. Every
one made money and every one was
correspondingly happy.
PLANS AUK INDORSED.
** •The most remarkable attempt that
has yet been made by any community
In California to attract attention to
Itself must be credited to Santa Cruz.
•Some mention has been made relative
to the wanderings of the Santa Cruz
} Promotion Committee over a good por
tion of this State. A connected story of
vhat actually took place embodies
Kiuoh that is so novel and unusual that
it is entitled to sjiace. For some years
Jianta Cruz has rut been seen to forge
atiead very fast. It is now demon
strated that it ij> very much alive — Uiat
if is 'able to adopt and use extraor
dinary means to promote its interests;
ajid all the towns and cities in the in
terior are talking about it.
. Santa Cruz has splendid advantage?.
it front? on miles of the finest ocean
.beach in the world. It is backed up by
"a. county that is as picturesque and en
joys as fine climate as any place in the
¦»orld. It has the advantage of hand
some suburbs and of communication
v*Uh the outside counties by two lines
; of. steam railway. Its streets are clean
end its facilities of every sort are ex
cellent. The Santa Cruz Promotion
Committee was organized for the ex
tress purpose of bringing directly to
the attention of as many people as pos
sible the foregoing facts and others
that an? known to all people that dwell
in Santa Cruz. How the Santa Cruz
Promotion Committee proceeded to do
this is the basis of the story
.Fred W. Swanton is known as the
promoter of various enterprises. Elec
tric railway construction and the build
ing of electric light and power plants
*hav»> engaged his attention at different
tianes. He would stem to be the primp
UioVer in the Santa Cruz Promotion
C«mmitte*>. although he has active as
sociates. Swanton is the chairman of
the committee, of which Mayor Clark,
president of the Santa Cruz Board of
With Military Brass Band It Tours State and Spectacularly Tells, With
Pictures and Literature, of City by the Ocean.
Good progress is the fortune of the
Petalurnaand Santa Rosa Electric Rail
way. Of the latest developments the
Sonoma County Citizen says:
The City Ci-uncil formally passed the ofJi^
nance Tuesday evening granting the I'etaluma
arwl Santa Itos-a Railway Company a franchise
for the lnti»rurban line Into and through Santa
RoFa. The route Is over Fourth street and
connects the two railroad depots. It is a good
beglnnlnK and will prove ft great boneSt to the
city in advancing Its material welfare. The
only thine to be regretted Is that the franchise
was not granted last tall, that the road could
be in operation this summer.
The construction work is belnr rush»d from
Peialuma. and rail? are laid nix or eight miles
out. Material has been sent to Sebastopol to
be used in working from that »nd, and now
that the way is clear here. It will not be long
before the material will be sent here and actual
construction under way In thin city. Every
energy In being put torth to get the line run
ning in June irom Pctaluma to Sebastopol, and
from therft to Santa liosa In August. In this
way Income will be started and then the work
of 'reaching; put to the northward can be
pushed with greater ease. A few years will
sh.-w ifcp great benefit an Interurban electric
road will be to the county.
Santa Rosa Aids Progress of Electric
Road Through County of Sonoma.
GRANTS RIGHT OF WAY.
LEADING MEMBERS OF THE SAXTA CRUZ PROMOTIQX COMMITTEE, WHO ARE STRIVING FOR LOCAL PROSPERITY.
There were in the neighborhood of
seventy visitors to-day/ During an en
tertainment in Social Hall a flag was
presented to the home by the "visiting
ladies. Mrs. Henrietta Howe, presi
dent of the circle, made the presenta
tion speech. The flag was received on
behalf of the members by Colonel
George W. Walts, commandant of the
home. Major Sherman said:
"Members of our committee and my
self wish to express our appreciation
of the management of your home. We
have been here since yesterday evening
and have made a thorough examina
tion of everything here. The adminis
tration of affairs and all In charge here
are deserving of the highest praise and
gratitude qt both the veterans of the
Mexican War and of the war for the
Union for the contentment on the part
of the inmates. Nothing Is to be de
sired for additional comfort or food.
There Is not a single complaint from
any source, but all speak kindly and
gratefully of the treatment they re
ceive. Everything possible is done to
make it a happy -home and a cheerful
resting place until all are finally mus
tered out, and we commend to the at
tention of the citizens of California
that ther come here. They will be
proud that the home In the Golden
State is ecual if not superior in. com
fort to any home In the United States."
Mme. Roeckel and her young charges
then gave the veterans another treat
with their delightful singing.
YOUN^VILLE. May 8.— This has
been an Interesting day at the Veter
ans' Home. The institution was visited
by Seven Pines Circle, Ladies of the
G. A. R.. and by the Associated Veter
ans of the Mexican War. A number of
.the latter arrived at the home Satur
day night and provided for the veter
ans a fine entertainment under the di
rection of Mme. Ellen Coursen-Roeckcl.
It was given in commemoration of the
fifty-eighth anniversary of the battle
of Palo Alto, the first engagement of
the Mexican Wajr, May 8, 1846. The
programme consisted of operatic selec
tions by Elizabeth and Eric Thistleton;
Davis, Maria and Marie Roeckel. An
address was made by Major E. A,
Sherman, vice president of the Associ
ated Veterans of the Mexican War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
? :
Members of a Committee
Speak Highly of the Man
agement After Inspection
PRAISE FOEJNSTITUTION
Mexican War Soldiers and
Grand Army Ladies Gather
at the Yountville Home
FRIENDS MAKE
VETERANS GLAD
SANTA CRUZ PROMOTION COMMITTEE
MAKES A RECORD FOR ORIGINALITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; MAY' 9,-1904*
7
ADVEBTISEJttENTSv.
DEVELOPING
and PRINTING
I AT CUT RATES |
My low prices on this work, to-
gether with my excellent artistic de-'
veloplng and printing, have made my
work, appreciated all over the coast.
Here are a few figures:
DEVELOPING:
Roll of 6 10c[noll of 12 .13o
PBIKTINQ:
Solio finish. .3c-6o | Velox finish. 3c-6o
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS, in
all popular sizes, at my usual low
prices.
Mail orders prom:. 11 y .'illed.
ib.03SK. l &50t
eomecT styles ~aj*o sizes, also
BUSINESS AND PROf(6(H>n»L CARDS
•rw-PiTTS-T«.»t«tiwtw
1008 Market Street -.'SSKl
Spn Fr-Bihiclsco- •
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense of
$260.000 — New Management — ENTIRELYFIRE-
PROOF.
LOCATION— Very accessible to street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several "> private rooms In antique decoration*.
Turkish Baths In Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT, - De Stel-
ger. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tlcns in every room; long distance connections
made with any part of the Coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense.
• HOTEL BUTLER.- Seattle, Wash.
PflWp D °N' T FAIL TO
•¦•¦. : ; '¦' 1 - COURT Lounging
flflfl ' :room . xht EMPIRE
UIIU parlor, the
£Z~~~A PALM ROOM, the
Grand *ggp^
Hotels £Spk w " T ™ 9 ;
People May Go Without Ftood for
Days, but Not Without Sleep.
Pasters have gone without food for
,Kany days at a time, but no one can
go .Without s!eer>. "For a long time I
have not been sleeping well, often lying
awake for two or three hours during
the. night, up to three weeks ago, but
'no*v. I aleer» sound every night and
iv*ke up refreshed and vigorous," says
. .a California woman.
"Do you know why? "It's because I
<iee<l to drink coffee, but three weeks
ago* I cut off the coffee and began using
, Postum. Twice rSnce then I have drunk
. .coffee and both times I passed a sleep-
]pF5-nipht. and fo I am doubly con-
• vlnced coffee caused the trouble and
Pbslum removed It.
brother has been in the habit of
drinking coffee three times a day. He
, has**been troubled vdth sour stomach,
8nd I often would notice him getting
* .soda "from the ca.n to relieve the dis-
trees in his stomach. Lately hardly a
•*day passed without a dose of soda for
reirof.
"About two weeks ago he asked me
for a cur> of J'ostum — said he liked it
ivelf enough to give up coffe<; — and
since then htfs been drinking Postum
three times a day, and says he has not
once, been troubled with sour stomach."
Name given by Postum Co., Battle
Creek, Mich.
Even after this lady's experience with
coffee her brother did not suspect eof-
fe"e was causing his sour stomach, but
• easily proved IL
Coffee is not suspected in thousands
of cases just like this, but It's easily
proved. A ten days' trial works won-
. ders, and. of course, "there's «t reason."
Look In, each package for the famous
Uttle book.. "The Jload to Wellville.";
NECESSARY.
POSTUM CZHEAX.
vUbUmDI A lead!5s -mm
The Swiftest Fun-Show of Them AIL"
Second and LAST WEEK.
Last Seven Nights — Matinee 8atorday.
• KLAW & ERLANOER Present
GUS AND mf\X. ROGERS
and 110 Entertainers In John J. McNally*s Lat-
est Vaudeville Farce.
THE BOOKERS BEOS. X2T LONDON
Fourteen Appearances, Beginning Next Monday.
MR. SZCEABD
First week— Monday. May 16. "IVAN THE
TERRIBLE"; Tuesday, "OLD HEIDEL-
BERG": Wednesday, "A PARISIAN RO-
MANCE" ; Thursday. "BEAU BRUMMEL" ; :
Friday, "OLD HEIDELBERG"; Saturday
Matinee, "BEAU BRUMMEL"; Saturday
night, "IVAN THE TERRIBLE."
Second week— Monday. "OLD HEIDEL-
BERG": Tuesday. "IVAN THE TERRIBLE":
Wednesday, "BEAU BRUMMEL": Thursday,
"OLD HEIDELBERG"; Friday. "DR. ;
JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE"; Saturday Mat-
inee. "OLD HEIDELBERG"; Saturday (fare-
well night), Mr. Mansfield In a scene from
each of five Dlays.
Seats Thursday for All Appearances.
Prices— Gallery. 50c and 75c; Balcony. $1.
$1.50 and $2: Entire Lower Floor, $2.50; Boxes
and Loges. $15. -
GRANDS
MATINEE SATURDAY.
TO-BriQHT — THIS VTEHJC ONLY.
I MELBOURNE
j MacDOWELL |
In a Magnificent Production of Sardou'a
| CLEOPATRA |
Next Sun. Mat.— EMPRESS THEODORA.
PRICES — 15c. 25c, 60c and 75c.
MME. SLAP0FFSK1,
England's Greatest Prlma Donna So-
prano; Midffley and Carlisle; Clara
Ballerinl; Georgre H. Wood; Ballerini'a
Dog's; Davis, Macanley and Company;
Sisters Oascb; Sal Merritt; Brando w
and Wiley, and Orpheom Motion Pic-
tares.
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c, 23c
and SCc.
CALIFORNIA
pa PACKED TO THE DOORS! g^jt
BREATHING ROOM ONLY! |[
A GLORIOUS WELCOME FOR |j
oob NEW MINISTER I
AND THE FAMOUS ALL-STAR CAST 'B
Ernest Hasting*. Joseph Conyers. M
Charles Stedman. John Barker. fi
Louig Fierce. Fred Mower. **
John P. Brawn. Grant Foreman. SJ
Gertrude Perry. W. C. Tar.ner. §3
Clara Rainford. Phila May. M
GET YOUR SEATS EARLY FOR S
AT {** A r7 A T"> Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR E p D p^e 9
; General Manager. .
1 : TO-NIGHT— Mats, Thursday and Saturday.
First Time in San Francisco.
iTWF i- ¦ |
! * M * *~ / THE LAUGHING
T- 1 A I4~^ SUCCESS OP
! I \A/vJ TWO CONTINENTS
i SCHOOLS
: A French Ccmedy by Alfred Capus.
Thursday Matinees Resumed This Week.
Evg., 2Sc to 75c; Mats. Thur. & Sat., 25c to 50c.
Next Monday — Julia Marlowe's Success;
CO&XNETTE
I A Comedy- Drama by Henry Guy Carleton.
Market St.. near Eighth, Phone South 333.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Celebrated Ro-
mantic Drama,
The Three Musketeers
Founded on the Matchless Novel of the Same
Name by Alexander Dumas.
BRILLIANT CAST! SUPERB SCENERY!
GORGEOUS COSTUMES!
150— PEOPLE ON THE STAGE— 150.
PDfpcC Evenings 10c to 50c
lAIVEJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 25c
Next— "DOWW BY THE SEA."
Assisted by RUDOLPH GANZ. Pianist
ALHAMBRA
POSITIVELY LAST CONCERT
To-Morrow Night
Entirely New Programme.
...SEATS, S3, $2, $1*..
READY THIS MORNING AT 9 O'CLOCK.
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
BARR AND EVANS, FLO ADLER
And a Great Show Every Afternoon and
Erenlnff in the Theater. .*-/-,
TAKE A % RIDE ON THE
MINIATURE EIiECTKIC RAILROAD
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY In the
Zoo.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
... CIRCULATE on the FERRIS WHEEL.
AMATEUR NIGHT THUS3DAT.
I Admission. 10c: Children. 3c.
Industrial
Exposition
MECHANICS' PAVILION
APRIL 30 to May 15.
CHINESE NIGHT
TO-NIGHT.
" SPECIAL FEATURES.
CONCERTS DAY AND MIGHT BY BEN-
NETT'S CONCERT BAND.
8OUVENIR FANS TO ALL CHILDREN.
. Afternoons, 1 to 6; evenings. 7:30 to 10:30.
.. — -OVTStt STJNP AYS '•"•..'.." '
AMUSEMENTS*
AJCTJSEMEUTS*
TIV0LISS5&
O5LT MATINEE SATXJBDAT.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT
Superb {*roduction of the Greatest Musical
- . ¦- ¦ Comedy.
P™""™" 1 ™! Delig-htful
COO Nights * Singers
London. n Clever
Jt\. ' Actors
I runaway"!
¦WO I 4"«TTtT f Hand- *
Nights I J. 1 XJ I I some
X«w \IlI\Li I G'rl
York •^^^¦^¦¦¦i^.J Chorus
A Bright, Merry, Enjojabta Entertainment
Magnificent Scenery, Beautiful Costumes,
Novel Effects.
Usual Tlvoll Prices— 25c, 50c. 75c
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
HITCHCOCK MILITARY ACADEMY
. SAN RAFAEL.
Field Day and Military Parade on Tuesday.
May 10. Trains leave San Francisco via
Tlturcn 12:35 p- m., via Sausallto l?:2i> p. m.
J MISCELLANEOUS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
phovidehtIFe and
trust company
OP PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1803, and for the year ending on that
day; mad* to the Insurance Commissioner o(
the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of Section <U3 of the Political Coda
of said State.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
In Cash $1,000,000 w)
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate Owned
by the Company $3.S08.9T8 23
Amount of Loans secured by
Bond and Mortgage on Real
Estate 14.1S4.933 *4
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 5.102.390 61
Premium" notes and loans In any
form taken In payment of prem-
iums on Dollclea now in force. . 8.0S2 21
Cash market value of alt Stocks
and Bonds owned by the Com-
pany 22.872.820 0C
Amount of Cash on hand in Com-
pany's Office 160,437 03
Interest due the Company and un-
paid 19,327 X
Interest accrued but not due 277.663 *i
Net amount of Dremiums in pro-
cess of collection and of de-
ferred premiums 8S2.633 12
Cash loans to Policy holders on
this Company's policies assigned
ar collateral 4.41S.6&4 35
Rents due and accrued 27,533 71
Total Assets $51.151.561 9>
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un-
paid $11,520 a
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process of
I adjustment, or adjusted but not
due 21.588 0C
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Ex-
perience Tables of Mortality,
with four per cent Interest 43,440.736 C(
Amount of all unoaid dividends
lo policy holders 73,077 *.¦
Present value of unpal(i" amounts
on matured Installment policies. 303.933 0'
Ai: other Liabilities «35.ll« v
Total Liabilities $44,315,041 V
INCOMK.
Cash received for premiums on
new pollcie* during the year. . . $735,300 1'.
Cash received for renewal of
premiums -luring the year .... 5.607.91S 4(
Cash received for sale of annu-
ities 43.63i 5'
Cash received for interest 2.081.97^ 71
Cash received for rents 121,222 s^
Cash received from all other
sources 162.027 55
Total Income $3.757,10C 5'
EXPENDITURES. '
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $3,16 r ./,067 4i
Cash paid to annuitants M.454 OC
Cash paid for surrendered policies 522.703 SI
Cash raid for dividends to poll, y
holders 81S.024 4"
Commissions paid to agents SS1.52U 2\
Salaries and ether compensation
of officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners. 279,837 \t.
Salaries and traveline expenses
of managers of agencies . 20.290 ::.
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries i SO. 014 I.:
Cash paid for taxes 107.S5.H 41
Cash paid for rents 21,377 X
Cash paid for commuting commis-
sions 354.337 £
Total Expenditures during the •
year S3.0S0.637 41
PREMIUM NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes* and other
premium obligations at
beginning cf the year $3,284 66
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re-
ceived during the year... 803 90 . .
Total $3.<SN 3"
Dtrductions during the year,
as follows:
Amcant of notes and other
premium obligations used
In payment of dividends
to policy holders $1,037 CS
Amount of nctea and other '
premium . obligations re-
deemed by maker In cash. 19 24
Total reduction of
* Premium Note Ac-
count $l.n,-<; m
Balance note assets at
end of the year ts.nss a I
SAMUEL R. SHIPLEY. Pres!dir~~
C. '.V. BORTON. Secretary.
Subscribed and fworn to before me. th!i
ISth day of January, 13O».
SAMUEL R. REED. Notary Public.
VAIL & ELDRID6E, Gensral Agents,
801 and 824 Kay ward Building, S.F.
402 Trust Building. • os Angeles.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IB A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1GORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Sp«v:al
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for bcth sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of '.bo
Kidneys and Bladder. Sell* on Its own msrits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
S23 Market »t. S.- F. — <S«nd for Circulars.)
t FAVORITE
SCRIPTI8N
a WEAK WOMEN.
|ASTHMANOLA|
U thm only our* fox Ktrvoaa aaS
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tear DniggUt or at AM HAIOHT ST.,
San Fraaclsoot Cal.
lA/T.HESS,
Wotaxy Pnbllo and Attorn •y-at-Law.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. -lacs dprttiuu Old*.
Telephone Main 083. .
Residence, 1802 McAllister st.
: . Reiidenc* Telephone Pa«» MCL *THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 9, 190_.
8
BMPLOVaiENT WASTED— FEM.VLB.
? TRAINED nurse would like a position with
family going to springs or resort; will take
care of Invalid, or as. companion; references.
Box 3444. Call offlce.
EASTERN girl wishes position as cook in pri-
vate family; city, or country. 2622 Bush st.
STENOGRAPHER— An ambitious younir lady
with six yean" experience, very rapid and
accurate, desires position with fair salary
and orosDect ot advancement. Call or ad-
dress Stenographer, room 21, 10th floor Mills
building.
COLORED first-class laundress: no objection to
assisting in chamber work in first-class fam-
ily; wages $30 to $35; no objection to going
short distance in country- Address 1013
Twenty-fourth St.. Oakland^
STRONG willing American woman wants
laundry work; flannels a specialty; $1 25 and
carfare; sweeping and cleaning also done.
648A Jessie st.. bet. 7th and 8th. downstairs.
DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker, cutter
and fitter, few more engagements per day;
only first clasB done; will take suits at home.
MISS BARSS. Sherman House. 23 Eighth *t.
COMPETENT ' nurse wishes engagements;
confinements or invalids; cheerful; painstak-
ing; references; moderate terms. MRS.
KING. 017 Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes light house-
work; neat and willing; in city; please give
full particulars when answering. Address
box 3279. Call.
FIRST-CLASS young German nurse, full
charge Infanta: best references: wages $30.
$35; American family preferred. 006 Leay-
enworth st.
SITUATION. wanted by a woman to do general
housework and plain cooking In small fam-
ily; wages moderate. Apply 214 Fifth at.,
rear Howard.
GERMAN woman wants position to take care
. house, do cooking and take care of children
or as housekeeper. Address MRS. M. B.
SMITH. 1301 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like position
ae cook or take charge of child with party
who Is going to Santa Crua for the summer;
best of references. 1827 Market St.. room 5.
GERMAN girl wishes to do housework in
small family: no washing. Address- MIS3
MARIE SCHWARTING. Twenty-flrst ave..
near K at., south. •
WANTED — By middle-aged woman, work as
second cook, plain cook or chambermaid;
wages reasonable; understands all kind o(
hotel work. Box 3252. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by
the day er at home. $2 and lunch. 27B
'Pearl et.. bet. Valencia. Market and 13th.
YOUNG lady of exceptional ability as sten-
ographer wishes position In law office: $0
pt-r week to start. Addresa box lSUO. Call.
TWO young ladles • wish situations, one as
waitress, other as chambermaid. Box 3295,
Call office. . ,
AN experienced pantry girl desires situation
In hotel or restaurant, or will wash dishes.
Call or write M. D., 15 Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED" woman wants position as cook
and light housework In German family. In-
quire 2247 Mission st.
AN elderly lady wishes a "place to work; good
home and small wages. Please call or ad-
dress 271 Thirteenth st.
A COMPETENT young girl wishes a position
to do second work. Call at T>i Isls St., off
Twelfth, between Folsom and Harrison.
COMPETENT German woman wants washing
and ironing by the day, Tuesdays. 12CCJ
Vallejo st.: no postals.
GIRL wants situation as a nurse. Apply 520
Bush st. --¦
RESPECTABLE rirl wants situation as a
child's nurag. Apply BOO Dupont st.
GIRL wants situation in picture frame store.
Apply H. F. VOWINKEL. 704 Larkln et.
WOMAN* wants work by the day. Call 9Vi
Salmon st.. off Pacific, near Taylor.
FIRST- CLAPS cook desires position, city or
country. 327 Kearny st.
WASHING taken at home. 24 Camp st., be-
tween 16th and 17th. off Guerrero.
SITUATION as nurse. Box 3295 Call offlce.
WOMAN warns work by the day. 20 Madison
avenue.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 2O24A
Bryant st.
A GOOD Japanese girl wants position as
schoolgirl in a small family. MISS TAKA.
WANTED — Good finisher on pants; steady
work. 104 Kearny st.. top floor.
GOOD DRESSMAKER wanted; also an im-
prover. DU4 Eddy st.
STENOGRAPHER wanted in broker's offlce;
young lady- state salary wanted. 3369. Call.
SEAMSTRESS for dressmaking; well paid;
also apprentice, paid. 135 Geary st., room 129.
COMPETENT girl wants position as waitress.
Apply 52O Bush st.
WANT to cook or do any kind of work In
kitchen. 251 Vj Harriet st.
FEW more families' wash to take home; card
or Inquire: prompt attention. 2S19 Baker st.
JAPANESE youns woman wants a place;
housework or any kind of work. S. K.. 135t>
Geary st.
WANT ads and subscrlDtions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. tft3 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan * Church sts.
EMPLO VME.VT WANTED MALE.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton st- — French cg&k
wishe3 situation as chef in club, hotel or
cummer resort; first class gardener, good ref-
erences; coachman with 3 years' letter from
last place, etc. ,
MIDDLE-AGED Encltshman, well educated.
6peaks and writes German and French flu-
ently, business experience, seeks employ-
ment; clerical amenucnsls; wait on invalid
about place; anything; tunall wages. Box
3367. Call offlce.
WANTED — A position by a landscape gar-
dener and florist; uted to be head gardener
of the flower paradise of Paul de Longpre,
king of the flowers; best of references. Box
3366. Call offlce.
HOTEL or store carpenter: sober man; good
references; reasonable; handy man. Box
3379. Call offlce.
AN Italian^ young man wishes employment
with a good firm as' assistant bookkeeper, of-
fice or shipping clerk, or to start at the bot-
tom for a chance to better position; quick at
figures; good penman; salary no object. Box
3209, Call offlce.
RELIABLE young man, 19 years of age, de-
sires a position in wholesale tea firm as
sample clerk or stock clerk; has had one
' year's experience as such and can furnish
recommendations as to ability and honesty.
Box 3274. CalL
SCANDINAVIAN man (Danish) wants situa-
tion, gardener or man about place; fair
wages: Oakland San Francisco references.
Address ANDREW JOHNSON. 331 Kearny
at., loom 30. ,
STEADY, reliable, man desires situation as de-
livery wagon driver or any other steady po-
sition; can furnish cash security if required.
Address G. L. E.. 174 Fourth St.. room 30,
city. ¦ "~
YOUNO man. 23. good accountant, good, rapid
penman, quick and accurate cash handler,
¦ best of references, - can furnish bond, de-
sires permanent position. Box 3277. Call.
WATCHMAKER, flrst-clasa. with full set of
tools, expert in complicated Jobs, chrono-
graph and repeater, wants position. Address
V. D.. box 3273. Call offlce.
GARDENER. (32). 18 years' experience In land-
scape and greenhouse gardening In Germany
'and California, wishes engagement In private
place or nursery. K. L., box 32S5. Call.
STENOGRAPHER wants position: two years'
experience In shorthand and typewriting; ref-
erences. If required. «. Address E. M., 1950
Geary St., S. F.
RELIABLE. . experienced house and window
cleaner wants ln?!de or outside work for
Monday and Wednesday weekly. JACOB
MEYER. 110 Hyde St.
MAN and wife (English), man experienced
coachman, etc.^wlfe good cook; city or coun-
try; city references; $65 month. Box 3353,
Call offlce. .
"WANTED by strons, steady boy] 16. place on
ranch; understands care of chickens and can
,m!lk. Call or address CARL COREY 33
Shipley St.. care S. A. Corey.
YOUNO married man. Danish, wants position
as .driver. In country or city; understands
* care of horses and cows. Call WILLIAM I
WESTERGAARD, . 612 Taylor st. - . rv
YOUNO man (aged 1 30) desires copying at
. home. R. M. ; S.. 747 Market st. '
/WANTED— Position "as war correspondent. A
SCRIBBLER, box 21. Call office, x
EMPLOYMENT WAirtKD— MAIJ. _
SITUATION wanted In shipping <«P° rt * n< ?
import) firm by American a-tlenian, under
40 years, of correct habits excelle nt ref er
SlSi- WSltf'^SSS? 1 - mafaglr for
Engfish firm Tn Japan and with business con-
nections throughout the Orient. Address box
3327. Call office. .
MECHANICAL engineer, draughtsman. r £
situation and evening work in any li..e -m
engineering: competent detaUer: many years
shop experience Box 1S»4. Call. (
YOUNG married man. DanUh wan 1 t r f (1e^ S ' t n^
as driver, in country or cl «f :"?$£__„ m
care of horses and cows. Call WILLIAM
WESTERGAARD. 61-' Taylor st.
DRAUGHTSMAN, mechanical S™^,***-'
years' experience, wants position: also em
ployment during leisure houra making nice
drawings at reasonable ratea. Box 1SS3. Call.
MECHANICAL draurhtsman. good designer
and detaller. IS years' experience. m '" in *;
stationary, marine work, wants oosltion or
work at home. Box 32CS. Call office.
SITUATION wanted M collector *f* te ***'
reliable man well acquainted with city.
Box 3275. Call office.
PRINTER desires position on country paper:
no Job work; can feed cylinder. Address
"Printer." 655C .Minna St.. S. F.
YOUNG man wants position as baker's helper;
some experience. Address J. BEEOAARD.
108^ Eighth St.. city. ; _
BOOKKEEPER just graduated desires position
as bookkeeper; small wages to start. Aa-
dress G. 'S. Q- 217 Parrott bldg.
WANTED — Situation as carpenter In factory;
city or country. Address G. A. S., 469A
Minna st.
PAINTEB. paperhanger and tlnter : baJ 1 all
tools: work reasonable. Address Painter.
1210 Mission st.
HUSTLING young Eastern gentleman, collect
graduate in law. seeks any honorable em-
ployment. Box 3382. Call.
SOBER young man, German, like to drivs
butcher wagon and help in shop. Box K*lW,
Call office. _____
A YOUNG man recently from the East — >uld
like a situation; has had good experience in
the dry goods business. Box 1346. Call^
BOY wants a position as office boy. Box 3254.
Call office. _____
BARTENDER wishes position; honest and
sober. 206 Fourth st.
YOUNG man wants position a« dishwasher;
day shift. FRED HEINZ. 147 Natoca at.
PORTER wants situation, either hotel or sa-
loon. T. W. DAY. £00 Bush st.
SMART boy wants position sausage factory.
RICHARD COMMO. 817 Valencia st.
GOOD carriage painted wants Job: country
town. Addrers 000 Kearny st.. or 625 Pacific.
DRIVER wishes situation; steady and reliable;
with one firm B years. Box 3319. Call.
WANTED— Wcrk as Janitor. GEORGE
FOLEY. 347 Third st.
ENGINEER or fireman; residence 324 Bush
street.
WANTED — Situation as salesman. E. FARGO.
31 Kearny st. j£ t
SITUATION wanted by first-class all-round
candy -maker. Box 3375. Call.
WOULD like work as hostler. Apply JAMES
HARRIS. 744 Howard st.
COACHMAN wants situation: useful around
house: bgst references. T. 3.. 441 Jessie st.
WOULD like work as baker. Apply OTTO
WITT. 740 Howard st. '
A GERMAN and wife, private place or ranch.
Apply to MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter et.
WATCHMAN wants position. 52O Bush St..
room 3.
WANTED — Position as night watchman; best
references. Box 1S70. Call.
YOUNG man wants position; will do any kinJ
of work. Box 1999. Call.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants situation
in small family; experienced as waiter an«J
houssworker; wages $S week up. Box 3U_>.
Call office. ;
GOOD Japanese cook wants situation in a
family. Address GEORGE, 917 Webster st..
Oakland.
YOUNG Japanese wants position as school
boy in family. Addreae TAKI. 514 Pine st.
JAPANESE first-class cook, wants a good po-
sition in family. EMATO. 110 Golden Gate.
Fl'KXITCRl B KOIt SALE.
FURNITURE for sale; $75 worth for $7 Zt
dewn and $1 50 per week. BRILLIANT'S,
340 Post St.. near Powell.
FOR sale — 8 rooms furniture, whole or In
1 part; leaving city. 1033 Howard st.
FLHMTl'RK WASTED.
"~~ ™ ABE LEVT. ~~-~-"-
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessi« 7«1.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlce fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY _ CO. pay highest prico for fu--
Biture, carpetc. etc. 7S2 Miss!or»:tel. Bush 467.
A L. STORRS pays highest cash prices fursi-
ture. carpets, etc. ; tel. Larkln 3G31. 634 Ellis.
B. T. SCHELL. 2112 Mission, tel. Church 5371).
pays best pricen for furniture, cartwts. #t.~.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant aouirt and flats are Hat-
ed in our free rencing department: over lOOt
In number; a combined list frcm all agencies;
ret us give you a list and help you to find a
place ;«we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
103J) MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
$25—579 CHURCH: house, ft rooms and bath.
SIS — 12214 Grove; 5 rooms.
$12— 122 San Carlos ave.. near ISth and Mis-
sion; 3 rooms.
$1S — 196 Colllngrwood; 4 rooms and bath.
$12 — 13CS Stevenson st.; 3 rooms.
$10^ — 1729 Church: 3 sunny rooms.
— 2013 Clay; house. » rooms and bath.
PATTERSON. Sxaminer bldg.. rm. 202.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage or
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Gearj
st.. on the square.
NEARING completion, six elegant fiats. 6-7
rooms and bath: sun. light; Oak st.. facing
Panhandle: Park view; rents reasonable;
open Sunday between 2 and 4 p. — 1. Agent.
O. H..UMBSEN. 20 Montgomery st.
NEW flat to rent; one of the nicest flats In
the Mission, with 7 sunny rooms and bath;
latest Improvements. No. 3629 Twenty-fifth
St.. between San Jose ave. and Guerrero; rent
reasonable.
SUNNY flat of 3 rooms, yard and cellar in
rear of 911 Filbert St.; $9. Inquire baker
shop. 011 Filbert st.
A NEW modern flat of 6 roems and bath; rea-
sonable to responsible party. 823 Harrison st.
BELVEDERE^ 14T off Halgbt— Flat of 3
room3; newly furnished; bath: garden; cheap.
BRODERICK." 1431— Nice mod. middle flat. !
rms. : also upper flat. 10 rms. : rent reasonable
ELLIS. 828 — Parlor floor kitchen. e_. ; separ-
ita entrance;all conveniences for dressm'k'rs.
FLAT. 1337 Ellis St.. bet. Le— jna and Bu-
chanan; B rooms, bath; rent $20.
FLATS on Perry «t., near Third. 114, 113
and 11SH: also 37 Lancton st.
NICE- modern corner flat: 7 rooms and bath.
72S Devlsadero st., corner Fulton.
POLK. 250OA — New. sunny flat of 3 rooms and
bath; rent $15.
TO let — New flats. 4. 5 and 6 rooms. North-
west corner Waller and Steiner sta.
WEST ave.. 2. cor. Mission st.— $17 50; almoul
new upper flat. 5 eleg. rms. ;no adjoining bids.
$16 — SUNNY flat. 3 rooms, bath, basement.
130 Eureka st.. near Eighteenth. ~
$25— NEW. up-to-date. 5-0 r.. sun. light, flnt
view. Le Rcy place, nr. Sacto and Jones.
$35— UPPER flat of 0 rooms; modern. 1303%
Waller St.. near Masonic ave.
$.-55-$42 50— 7-S t. flne views and neighborhood
light and snn.N 2500 Van Neaa ard Union.*
FLATS TO LET— -PIKXISUED
GROVE 145S— Upper eunny n«wly furnished
flat of 6 rooms, piano, etc.: near Park-
adults only. $45; from 10 to 3. "r*»
CAPP. 614 — Flat of 5 rooms; piano; coal and
gas-grange. Call between 11 and 4.
WELL-FURNISHED flat; Pacific ave • maa"
nlflcent marine view; references. 3311 Call.
THB^yG\LL
; 3OJDX 2>. SPBEC_CI.S. Proprietor.
• W. J. MARTIN'.! Business Manager
TEN DOLI.AKS REWARD.
.yotlfj The Call Offlce If You Miss
Your Pas»cr.
¦ tf for ejny cau«« THE CALL Is not de-
livered resr— arly to subscribers Pl»«
' call up "CALX. EXCHAHGS" and »ot«*
. '/subacripttoa Clerk in cnarjre. Tour oom-
plaint will reoelve prompt attention.
A standing- reward ot Ten Dollars
mo.OO> U offered ior tne arrest and
"'conviction cl any one cauffnt steal— ff
5CKE C1LL.
, " TELEPHONE.
Aek'for THE CALL. The Operator WU1 Con-
.nect You With the Department You Wlsn.
• PubUcatlon Office Market and Third, S. F.
Eiiiorui Roods 217 to 221 Stevenson #t.
I*i:vered by Carriers. 20 CU. Per ~eek. «
Cu. Per Month. Single Copies 5 CU.
terms by Mall Including Postage (Cash With
Order): _ _
DAILY CALL (indud. Sunday). 1 year.... $8.00
liAILT CALL 0— — d, Sunday) 6 aoi 4^00
r>AILT CALL— By Single Month •««
6UNDAT CALL. 1 Tear f.50
VEEZLT CALL. 1 Tear J- 00
f Dally... $8. 80 Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN J euaiay. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
PO6TAGE. \ Weekly. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
5*.1_ POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED,
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
.pairple Copies will b« forwarded when re- .
guested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change cf ad-
tfress esould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance- with their re-
QBasC
OAKLAND OFFICE:
J.1I8 Eroaflway Telephone Main 1053
BERKELEY OFFICE :
214S Center Street Telephone r^orth 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
• Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
TV-icn Square; Murray HUI Hotel; Flith-ave-
m;< Hotel and Htflznan House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
• Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremcnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; Paimer House.
" CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Mar<juette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. '"Central 2C19.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPXOEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE o? the San Francisco
• Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock *very night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
CS7 Montgomery street, comer Clay; op«i
until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayec street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£» McAllister street; cpen untli 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkln street; open ur.tll 9:30 p. m.
lirtl Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2£*;i Market etr^et. corner Sixteenth; op«n
until 9 p. m.
30C Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
JOyti Valencia Ftreet; ccen until 9 p. m.
IVo!3heaet corner Church and Duncan streets;
• open unt!! U p. in.
Northwest corr.er of Ttrenty-seeond and Ken-
tucky streets; cl>en until 9 p. m.
• t£00 Fi:imcrt street ; cp«"tj until 9 p. m.
TO SCBSCRIBFP.S LKAYIXG TOWN
POP- TILE SUMMET*.
CAXiX. subscribers contesxplatlnjr a
cbacre cf residence durlnr tne summer
months can nave tnelr paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notlfy-
< _£ THE CALL Business OSlce. TM«
'caper will also be cs sale at all sum mez
resorts and Is represented by a local
agent In cll towns on the coast.
CBIHCU SERVICES.
REV. DR. CARRADIXE. holiness evangelist,
will hold a terlf-s ot meetings at Penlel Mis-
sion Hall, 49 Third st. (entrance on Stevenson
et.).'Ma.y 6-16. Services 2:30 and 7:30 p. in.
21L1.TI.VG MJTICES.
¦/fgVLUM OF GOLDEN GATE Com- . -9-.
mandery No. 1«J. K. T., CU5 Sutter st. TSJr
— Special assembly THIS EVENING EJ
at 7:30 o'clock. Installation of officers. \9
AM Jraturt are courteously invited. By " r
order of tie Commander.
THKO. FP.OLICH, Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, ©
XvoyaJ Arch Masons, meets this even- VV
ing. R. A. decree. /V\
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
'OCCIDENTAL Lcdpi No. _. F. and A. n
¦ M.— THLS < MONDAY) EVENING at Jy
. 7. SO o'clock. First degr««. By order of ,^^\
tfct Maettr. '
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lode* No. 127, F. and A. «
M— Called BMdB* THIS DAY <MON- v*V
• • DAY), ilay !), UKM, at 7:30 o'clock /^f\
p m. Dtg. 2. By order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
Excelsior Lodge No. ice. f. &nd •
A. M. — Officers and members are re-
epectfully requested to assemble at /yr\
the Masonic Temple, MONDAY,
May 9 at 1 :30 p. m., to attend the funeral
of our late brother. EMERY PEASE
GATES. By order of the W. M.
IL J. OWEN. Secy,
KING .SOLOMON'S Lodre No. 200, F. « '
and A. M.. 1S3:» Fillmore Ft. — First de-
jrr»-<r THIS tMONDAY) EVENING at /V\
7:30 c' clock.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
THE officers and members . T.
of Golden Gate Camp No. s^/_ < __"hfl
<¦¦», W. O. W.. are re- r*£3?Ti!&ZyJjjT\
quested to ::•.'.• r.d The fu- fc-*-Ki^**£;^TrAAj
rK-ral services of EMERY **££)'¦*¦' T *
P. GATES, late member
of above cair.p and Chopjiers" Friendship
Cub No. 1. at 2 p. m. TO-DAY (MONDAY).
Masonic Terriple. Post and Montgomery sts!
W. D. FERGUSON. Consul Commander.
J. T; O'DONNELL. Clerk.
F. O. E.— SAN FRANCISCO Aerie No. 5.- -
The officer* and members are hereby nutlflcd
to attend the funeral of our late brother.
• WILLIAM F. DASH A. from Eagles' Hall.
. 731 M&rket et.. MONDAY. May 8. at 11
o'clock. Ey order*
J. A. BASEITT. W. Pres.
GCS POHLMANN. W. Sec.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
. .the Sierra Railway Company of California
.will be held at the offices of the company.
No. 229 Crocker building. City anil County
of Ban Francisco, State of California, on
MONDAY, the 8th day of February, 1904, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a, ra., for the purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year
«sd the transaction of rucb other business as
mty come befone said meeting;. Dated at
6an Francisco. Cal.. January 23. 1904. S.
D. FRESHMAN. Secretary.
The above meetlre adjourned until Anril
11th, 1804. at U o'clock a. m.
Feb. a 1904. E. D. FRESHMAN. Bec'y.
The above meeting adjourned until Juiy
11th, 1904. at 11 o'clock a. m
April li. 1804. 8. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
iseeting cf (tie stockholders of the Olympic
. Salt Water Company will, be held at the
¦ offlce of the company. S27 Market street 8an
Rrancisco. Cal.. on Monday the 23d day c f
Mey. 1U04, et the hour cf 3 o'clock p. m
•for the purjx»c of electing a board of di-
' rectors to a«r*e for the enruing year, and
the tranmurtion c" such oth*r business as may
come before the mertir.p. Transfer bocks ¦will
close on Friday. May 13th. 1304. at 3 o'clock
p. m. CHARLES A. GICSON. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from Vacinda Mining Company In Va-
.. clnda mine, near Indian DlpginKs. El Dorado
Countv, Cal.. draining" into Cedar Cr»ek.
•p.-fclch reaches Cosumnes River, give* notice
••that meeting trill be held «t room »fl Flood
building. San Francisco. Cal., May 23. 1904.
at . 1 :30 z>. m.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
• Call. 10 ptges. rent to any address la th»
• frlt«1 F»at*» rr C»ti*<1« rm» w»r "or H
AST3~£A _E3~ :ST.
A Dl Nola's Artbma Remedy relieves instant-
>y; 10c. 25c. SOc. 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas."
AUTOMOBILES FOR 9AL.E.
EECOND-HAND •ntomebiles la first -claw ;
cbajfe lor sale cbesp. Inquire at 20 Gs'Jca
Gate ave.; pa one Howard £71. •
LODCjI.M. HULSfcls i'Ull SALE— tun.
A. CAiiKKON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters lor Rooming-houses. Hotels and
AH Kinds of Business Chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
houEe; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished,* up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be l>aid out of the house: other business
interests demand immediate departure.
00 rooms; beautiful new building and furni-
ture; swell downtown location; everything up-
to-date and first-class; flne opportunity tf se-
cure high-grade proposition; must go East.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric- elevator,
lights; long lease; clears- $400 to; $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
! 19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $ll0O.
150 rooms; beautiful corner; 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
in city; call for terms and particulars.
0 rooms; sunny flat; rent $50; oak, mahogany
fur.; obliced to leave city; reduced to $650.
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; flne lease; paying J50O to $000 per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain It taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms; rent only $C0! oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $S50.
162 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; flne entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing J400 per month; 5-year lease; part caan,
balance 6 per cent per year.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry fur.;
flne carpets; close in; flne money-maker.
% 28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing flne business; will trade for large
apartment houso and pay cash difference.
7-roora Mat; rent ?40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price J35O.
138 rooms: downtown commercial hotel: S
years' Iea«e; cheap rent: elegantly furnished;
cne of the best opportunities to secure first-
class hotel; owner has .other business; part
cash; 1 balance time.
20 rooms; cheap rent: close In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears ?100; part cash.
11 room»? rent $40; close in: oak. "cherry fur-
niture. Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all ex-
penses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 rooms; elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture; 00 boarders;
clearing ?250 per month; close in; fine buy;
price ?«C00.
18 rooms; rent $85; north Market; close In:
cood money-maker; .reduced from $1600 to
fllOO.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to ?GOO per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
20 rooms: rent only $100: all new furniture;
doctor pays $95: clearing over all expenses $100;
best street Oakland: will trade for San Fran-
cisco house. .
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahocany; flne proposition;
cood lease.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in:
. clears $400 per month: ?4fiOO down, balance 8
j per cent per annum; departure. ¦
33 rooms; chpap rent; good lease; beautifully
furnished: new modern building: very central;
all full; little gem of a house; leaving city.
126 rooms; flne downtown corner house: pri-
; vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances:
talc«3 In ?30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms: corner; rent only ?S5: oak fur.:
«rood carpets, housekeeping; all full: clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1000.
50 rooms: new. modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent;, clearing ?2.",o to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
17 rooms; Ellis st. : rent $70: oak furniture,
Axmlnater carpets; flne condition; clears $80;
fine little buy.
8 rooms; flne upper flat: rent only $30: can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
?450.
For rent — 4-room suite, furnished, 1p flrr
apartment-house, 4 to <; months: rental $45 per
month; references; no small children.
For rent — 8-room modern furnished flat. f.)r
summer: elegantly fur.; references required;
rent 560 ver month.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy gt.
HEADQUARTERS for Lodglng-Hcuses.
C. E. HIXKLEY. Phone Mint 790.
1020 Market St.. Opposite Fifth.
Farmer Patrons My Best References.
CLEAR TITLES AND EASY TERMS.
100 rooms: downtown corner; country; trans-
ient $7000
44 rooms; modern apartments; sacrifice; pee
this $3250
31 rooms; transient: clears $150: lease.. $1300
14 rooms: O'Farrell: rent $42; Dlckup ?5OO
25 rms.: mod.; new fur.: elegant: lease.. $2(X>O
0 rooms: fiat: sunny. .. -A $173
8 rooms: newly furnished; offer wanted.. $275
Call for our large list. HINKLEY.
i HINKLEY'S EXCHANGE BUREAU.
Large lift of ranches, country hotels and
property; lodging-houses and other business
exchanges.
C. E. HINKLEY, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
MUST sell, going away 2 weeks*— 14-room
rooming house at 315 Twelfth st. : look at
this If you want to buy; no agents, deal
with owner.
14-ROOM house; rent $45; near Larkln and
Hyde sts.; full of roomers; owner will sell
for $650: this week. Box 3522, Call offlce.
NINE rooms; all full; must sell, on account
of s'ekness. Inquire 212 F.fth st.
BOARDING and lodging house for sale; 20
room?. Inquire MRS. WILSON. Belvedere.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 png's. In wrapper, for -lalllng. $1 per year
CAKPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
-»»~>~~»~>~~~s~n>».^. -
COMPRESSED air and vacuum system now
universally used in cleaning carpets on
floor; without removal; prico moderate. S.
F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Mar-
ket st. Tel. Main 162. Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
¦ tend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel, South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.. clean-
Ir.g & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rlson St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 12C.
HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet-beating: mat-
tressea made over. 1432 Howard :tel. South £16.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM & CO.. PropV
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~~~ ~
$11— NEW cottage; 5 r.; 17 Roscoe st. Mlsslon-
st. cars to Crescent ave., first street to right.
CAPE NOME.
TICKET offlce for all points In Alaska. C. F.
, MOORE. 927 Market St.. room 309. First
steamer May 21; $75 first class. ' . < . .
COI.T.ECTTOIT OXTXCES.
BAD tenants elected for $4; collections made;
¦ city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montzomery. rooms 0-10: tel. Main 5380.
carjDjT ci.OTTnr.Ra.
C F. ADAMS~C(X ~~~ ' ~~~~^ •'¦ ¦ .
SPECIAL' CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
«hoes: everything up to" date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 31S Mason st.
CLOTEIHG 3ENOVATIUO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scourlnc and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
' CUBES RTJ~T~&B.
WHO7— Hunter. 1206 Market st.: $100: rupture
cure for $10: circular explains: send for one.
UK>-.,>.> -..vivicits am> si;AHsrKrt.sM;j
ACCORDION, sunburst '¦- and ' knlfe-plaltlng.
Stewart's button and buttonhole factory, 110
Taylor st. : tel. . Folsom 2121. '
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mitt.
SPIRITUALISM.
RETURNED. *"*"""
"-- MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trance' business medium and life
reader; also communications from you*.* de-
, parted friends. Hotel Netherland, . 18 Turk
St.. near Market, room 17. elevator.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
& business med'm, read daily $1; dev'p'g class
Thurs. 8 p.m. 107 Taylor, r. 27;teL Jessie 3436.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis St.. readings
dally; phone Sutter 3994.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
tlate-wrlter. 1112 Eddy St. Phone Scott 837.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
THE FUTURE REVEALED, THE PAST
-> DISCLOSED. '
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarion's treatise that Is
so electrlfyinc the world to-day. He Is no
Imitator. His work Is upon original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. He tells you what
you desire to know and works in the open
lijht.
He 1b as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading is not a life, reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test
Is of little value; when the mind is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
This Is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
gives you when you call on him for a first-
class clairvoyant reading.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROF. LIV-
INGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Permanently located 42S Eddy at.; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to b</ full judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife or lover Is true or false; who and
when you will marry; hftjv to gain the love of
the one you desire: "in fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and indisputable; be Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling -power Implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lest vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures; gives you success
in life;- he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday.
32»i OJFarrell Et.— 320.
IifttAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1HH Mark-u
St., cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. in.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full Ufe, $5: send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency ;send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME.PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
50c, b. by cards $1 : palmistry and clairvoyant
sit., $1 £0, R«. 1-2, 1200 Market, cor. Taylor.
A— Miss M. Wille, 4C0 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader,- will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion, names zlven; special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice riven on all affairs of life: satisfac-
tion guaranteed: 25c up. 17 3d. next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted, clelr. and palm.;
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 50c, g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave'.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst, clairvoyant. caVd
reader;when others' fall try me;good reading*
10c. 721 Franklin.r.r.O.G.ave.Tel.Larkin 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life! business ad-
vice: names clven: 25c up. 835 Howard st.
OLDEST lady palmist ar.d card reader In city.
20>£ Kearny. room 20: ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c,
gents 50c; hcurs, 1 to 0. 120 Sixth st.
Mme. Odell returned; clairvoyant, card reader;
tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. 532 Ellis st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, date
and facts; readings dairy. 017 Market st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23 H Cth; 1. 25c. z. 50c.
MRS BAUMAN'N the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st. .
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant/ card reader, slt-
tings dally. 44S% Jessie st.: bet. 5th and flth.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Woekly Cj'.I.
10 pages. In wrapper., for mailing-. $1 per year.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^-cannot break;
Warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charce for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
Pans Dental Parlors. 2rt5 ICearny, cor. Buah —
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns, $2 up:filllngs,25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid., S06 Market. cor.\ O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.HPwltt.204 8uttr.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and mest delightful place of business
• study In the entire' West. New, complete.
' extensive departments. Thorough, Inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. DC1-
925 Golden Gate ave.
PAOLO LA VILLA of Florence. Italy. Just ar-
rived; sinslng lessons, pure Italian method;
opera, oratorio, ballad, glee; accompanist for
concerts and drawing-room; special terms for'
professionals. The Roosevelt, C46 Sutter st
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. -English branches; day
and night ecssions; illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters;. catalogue free. ¦--
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand, Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 123B Market st.
HEALD'S School of MInes&Electriclty. 24 Post
st., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. — Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mm., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; eat. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows* bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith..
spelling, writing, etc.: day, eve.; $4 mo. eve.
DANCING — Professor Flndlay has reopened his
Juvenile classes »t Flndlay's Hall. 17th St.;
Saturday 2 to 5; private lessons dally.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive method.
RAFAEL, SERRANO. C30 California, r. 4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3- per 'ma;'
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halsht st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st % — Night class.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c;
gents COc. 051 Mission St.. nr. 6th: open Sun.
MME.* MARSEAU. card reader; ladies 25c;}
gents BOc; hours, 1 to 9. .120 Sixth st ' {
MME. HERNANDEZ, wonderful palmist and
card reader. 421 -Hyde st. -;¦•»••
KENT Law School, day I and night: send for
particulars. 538- Parrott building. .
PIANO .lessons. 25c half hour^ MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.*
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for • the recep-
' tlon -of advertisements and subscriptions has
been * onened at 1008 '¦ Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ,*'•'.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. • ;. ; -
• Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; ' fur-
' nishes b*st help; contracts for farm belp; etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell' st. Tvl. Main 6752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help ' at
Loon Seung's, . 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
FRITZ'S Emp. Offlce; Japanese and Chinese
help.' 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168. ¦' ¦ .¦'
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main S18S.
CHINESE. and Japanese Kelp; estab. > 20 years.
.TeL Main 1907. . BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay. 1
AOEltTS WA3TTKP.
WANTED— Men and women to represent h
Chicago houw; established routes of trade,
etc.; experience unnecessary; salary $65 per
mo. end all expense*. Address L-, 011 van
Ness ave.. gan Francisco, Cal.
PERFUMES— Something new: ladies-gentle-
men; good i*y. Agents Outfitting Co., 633
Golden Gate ave.
ADVE—Trsr—nsirr wnrraft.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
cf property three $40 scholarships In the best
College of AdvertSulns m ths United States.
I will sell them at 23 per cent discount for
cash: the college teaches advertising writ-
Ing by correspondence and assist* Its grad-
uates to secure positions; catalogues tur-
nished on application. Address box 3026, Call.
ATTOKN E Y S-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
See me and save money; no pay in advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNET-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rms. 1, 2. :i. I & 5. 1st %
1122 Market et.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free a!l matters. Detectives employed.
~ ADVICE FREE - ~~
Columbian Law & Coli. Axcy.. r. 85. 010
Market: pfcone John 022C: op>n evenings;
transacts at most reasonable rates all legit-
imate law business: bonds furnished in crim-
inal and civil cases; small collections taken.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg..
6th floor, enhance room Cll; established 20
years; all cates, general court and offlce prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: no fees or
costs In advance; all !a,w business; office
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
DIVORCE cheap, speedily, quietly; call on us
'ere goins elsewhere. Phone James 6221;
. room 41. 010 Market st.. opposite Emporium.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 827 Market st.. rm. 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity; advice
free: costs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O.box 2199. S. F.
TU 8. CLARK, 027 Market St.; consultation
fr*<»: no *oo» 1n advan<^»- oppn evoninsr*.
nOAROI.XG FOR CHILDREN.
LADY wants 2 children from C to 13 years to
board in country. MRS. BENTHAM, "25
Bartlett St.. city.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $800; branch bakery and delicatessen
store wltii 4 rooms; rent. $25; flne location;
pood business. Pee R. G. WILK1E.
Kearay el.
A — $S500; one of the best ir.^at markets In this
city. 5 years' lease; rent $50: weekly sales fi
cattle. 5 calves", 6 hOF*. 25 sheep; a splendid
location. Call R. G. WILK1E, 1'tiVi Kearny.
A— $2000; eal.wn. vicinity market. Ellis and
Stocktcn sts.; rent $150; lease: place estab-
lished year*; f.rst-clus* business. Call R. G.
WILKJE. 20H Kearny st. .
j^_ — fjoO: saloon, vicinity Taylor and Turk sts.;
rent $5t>; this Is a ff'.>od paying and old es-
tablished business; a workinjman's place;
rere chance. See R. G. WILKIK. 1'UVa Kerany.
$3G00; grocery and bar, on Fourth et.. about 1
block from Market st.; lease; good paying;
«-ctab:isheJ years; sickness only cause of sale.
Call R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny at.
A — $1500 — DAIRY produce route; butter and
egg*; established 5 yoars; 2 honstc 1 wagon;
owner clears above $150 per mo; good cash
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A — $5000; HARDWARE store; specialties,
locksmith, electric bells, model-making, mi-
.chine work etc; estab. 20 years; locate
Sixth st.; large stock. See R. G. WILKE.
2CVi Kearny st. .
A— $1000; RESTAURANT in San Rafael; daily
receipts $25; rent' $30; must be sold at onc«:
good place. See R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny.
A — $10C0: DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; close to Market tt.: dat!y receipts
about $10; rent $45; good business; value In
tight. R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny st.
A— $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business; store receipts about $60 per day;
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
cash cr trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st.
A — $2600; CORNER grocery and bar. on Powell
St.; 5 years' leaee; rent $40; business estab.
years and first-class paying; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C4 Kearny gt.
A — $5000; THE leading saloon in manufacturing
town of about 6000 inhabitants: 5 years'
lease; rent ISO; full value in sight: first-class
paying business; abcut iv rn!]«»« from S. F.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $SOO0; CORNER grocery and bar with 3
years' leaee: rent $75; 2 horses; - wagons:
average cash store trade $2500 per month:
«aily bar receipts $25: full value in sight;
location the best in the city. C*ll R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON on Montgomery St.; place
established years; owner clearing about **.25
p»r month; investigate: a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3000: CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg.:
8 years' lease; net rent $120; this is one of
the beet saloon locations in this city, and
a live roan can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2Ghi Kearny st.
A— $1100; SALOON, with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Euch'sts.; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest tttock of liquors. All particulars ot
R. a. WILKE. 2C'.j Kearny st.
T. J. DUNN & CO. 1312 Market St.
Ph.one Howard oiCS.
CIGAR store near new postofflce; $200; lease;
snap. Ste DUNN. *
CIGAR Btcre down on Battery: no nliht or
Sunday work: a bargain: $£50. DUNN.
SALOON, Third St., nr. Market, reduced to
$^200; leajse: mighty crood offvr. DUNN.
BRANCH bakery, notions; best location in
Mlsclon; rent ?13; 4 lvg. rms.; $400. DUNN.
: :
1 CANDY — We got bargain, party understands
candy Icecream fciz: small capital; lease'
steady eales: excellent location. See DUNN.
HOTEL— $1 a day house in best town in State;
elegant; catcher shar»- first -class trade; 42
roomp; ltase: rent $100; Rood bar; always
full; $3.V)0. Bee DI'NN.
$350 SECURES intertst In light offlce work,
where i>arty can easily clear $125 monthly;
references exchanged; cxpcrl«nce not neces-
sary; live mar. wanted; bona fide proposition.
Particulars 10C7 1 /* Market st., room 1.
GRAND opening for right man;* general mer-
chandise store; except erocerles; out of this
city; sales $W)0 to $300 monthly, profit as
per cent; price $25C0. or will invoice; well
*-stab!ished; fine location; low rent.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 400 Examiner bid.
GENTLEMAN with $30,000 to $40,000 can pur-
chase controlling interest in business estab-
lished 40 years: paying 20 per cent a year on
Investment: fullest particulars given to re-
sponsible parties; no agents. Address box
33S4. Call.
$900 — A NEAT cigar, stationery and notion
store in thriving country town; several good
agencies; large yard, dwelling separate; good
barn; rent 3 buildings J1C0 per year. Ad-
dress box 1694. Walnut Creek, Cal.
$500 — FOR sale, a good milk route in mining
and sawmllllnc town of over 2000 inhabi-
¦ tsnts: receliits now over $200 Der month and
can be Increased: will sell or lease stock.
Address M. C. A.. Call office.
FOR sale — Grocery store; good family trade;
owner retirine from business. ' Inquire of
owner at 12:1 Park St., Alameda. Cal.; rent
reasonable ; 15 years in business.
FOR eale — Old established wholesale and retail
wine and liauor business connected with a
fine bar trade: downtown: Kood chance to
make money; no agents. Box 3355, Call.
A HOTEL for rent cr for sale; furnished or
unfurnished; the only hotel In town.- Inquire
for particulars. Address MRS. L. LIEBER,
Brent wood.
FOR SALE— Half interest in a well establlsh-
rd real et tat» business In a small city in
California; want a good working partner.
Box 1963. Call office. ..
FOR SALE — Half Interest in a good contract-
ing business where you can deal with half
the property owners In the city: price $500.
Box 1870. Call office. 7
$16,000 FOR whole or will sell half Interest
In a contracting business In cne of the larg-
est cities in California; large *tock on hand.
Address for particulars, box 1852. Call.
FOR SALE — About $2250: one of the best
paying grocery stores in San Francisco: large
trade: horses and wagons, etc.; stock new
and clean. Box 3238, Call offlce.
RESTAURANT, delicatessen and liquor store;
3 llvlws roomK; yard; must be sold; owner
has other business; clears $150 month; rent
$20; will stand lnvfstlgatlon. Box 1980. Call.
$75; PARTNER In ctear store and commission
buslnce*: iruarantsed $50 a month each. 310
Folsom st.
FOR sale — A long and -well-established busi-
ness; .good location. Interested parties may
address Oakland Postofflce, box 229.
RESTAURANT for eale, 19* First st. '. ¦, <
IITSIMSSS CHANCES Continued.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone 8outh 1050.
3 Eddy st., oor. Market and Powell.^
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Camly and icecream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to $2300
Cigar stands $350 to $1*0^0
Groceries and bars $5U0 to $50(i0
Saloons ..r ?300 to $10,0y0
Roetaurants $350 to $20,00i>
Fruit and vejetable stores $300 to $10'J0
Drugstores . . . $S!0O0 to $(J0*JO
Delicatessen etores 1 .5260 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to S1000
For sale — First-class legitimate mining
proposition that will bear strict investiga-
tion, j
BBAUTFULLY located summer resort; flne
groves; 36-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease: raise own hay. vegetables; all
kinds of fruit; rent $5lK> per year; equity in
this $2500; death in family cause of »ale.
CAMERON _ CO.
FOR &ale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business: cheap rent; 6% years' leasa;
one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
ing flne business; other interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON _ CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospect:
located In Ca!.; assays 510 to $70 ton; trade
for rms-hse or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or will trade — 6 acres Inside city
limits; one of best Interior cities In Calif vr-
nla; house, barn, ether outbuildings; plenty
all kir.ds fruit: beautiful home; will trade for
rooming- house: price $4000. CAMERON _
CO., S Eddy Et.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; r«nt
$30; clears $90 to $1CO per month; price $500;
must sell en account other business. CA.M-
. ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-located grocery and bar; rent
only $25; sales $30 to $40 per day; price
$2000; snap. CAMERON & CO.-r-« Eddy st.
WANTED — A partner In dry goods, clothing
ar.d shoe business with 52500. In a thriving
town in California. Box 1915, Call offlce.
1 $275 — HIG bargain in restaurant near City
Hall, i>rcnrietor sick; muat sell. Box 3-iKJ,
Call office.
CORNER saloon with 5 years' leftso: worth
$1200: must sell; proprietor in hospital; make
Offer. Box 321U, Call office.
$300— PARTNER wantid in HkM business;
mu*t be- satisfied with $20 to ?35 weekly..
Apply frcm 10 to .'I, <> Eddy, room 2.
$3000 — GENERAL merchandise store in small
town in farming community, near coa:;t.
Particulars box 17CS. Call offlce.
FOR SALE — An established picture framing
business in city across the bay; good trade.
Bex 1S41. Call office.
$550 — HALF interest In the manufacturing of
an article that all windows need; big profits.
Address box 1.SC4, Call offlce.
FOR SALE — Grocery business in a prosperous
bay city; splendid trade and increasing con-
stantly; good, clean stock. Box 1781. Call.
$450 — RESTAURANT In flne location; good
trade; or will iskr a partner for ?22u. Ad-
dress box ll'S3, Call office.
CARPENTER-SHOP for sale; old established;
low rent; large place. Apply box 3203,
Call Office.
FOK sale — 2-chalr barber shop; 3 living-rooms
back; established 10 years; selling account
ilHiealth. 042 Main st.. Stockton. Cal.
PARTNER by Ala«ka miner;experl.not neces. :
ymall capital; good prospect. Call 739 Hyde.
$1200^ — A FINE grocery and bar: account of
cicknesf. 1229 Cortland ave.; Mission cars.
FOR sale — The Union Hotel: nianufacturing
town; B°nicla, Cal.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this office.
FOR SALE — A snjs;l brewery plant in this
city. Tor particulars address box 1974. Call.
$C00 — HALF interest in a KOiDd business pay-
ing $1 75 per month. Box 10S1. Call office.
BAKERY and lunch room for sale in a live
Nevada town. Address box 1S20. Call office.
FOR SALEv-Conl and f?ed yard in East Oak-
' land. Box 1831; Call offlce.
BULLETIN route for sale. '" AddresT_i5~Pine
st., San Francisco. "
$200 WANTED at once to open up rich quartz
prospect. Box 3376. Call office.
CANDY store or half interest in good paying
manufacturing business. 1427 Market at.
CORNER K.iloon. n-sr Market: owner leaving
city; sell to-day. UROOKBANK, 017 Market.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LOlHilAG-HOLSKS FOR. SALF-
MARION GRIFFIN.
400 Hearst Building, over •'Examiner" en-
trance.
Corner 3d and Market sts., San Francisco, Cal.
Modern buslnopg methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3CU7, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract with every sale.
Wo make any salt on our installment plan.
Hotels, rooming and apartment houses tvr sale.
Would Exchange for Real Estate.
Any lady can manage a 19-room houec,
e?ptcial!y when raid house is full of quiet,
professional men roomers who pay $1260 yearly
fver rent; of course you desire a detached
house with fine lawn and eplendid view;
It's a first-class, respectable hoiu<c that
cannot be too highly recommended; you can
pay $1000 down and have your own time to pay
ba'ance in littlo installments. Exclusively for
eale^by MARION GRIFFIN.
ATTRACTIVE 14-rcom house near Eddy and
Hyde; wide hails; large rooms; well fur-
nished; clears $60; price $1000; half cash; a
good house on sunny tide of street.
MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT house, bet. Geary and Post;
20 rooms clearing $72 monthly, and landlady
has almost no work; $700 down and $>*00 In
payments; will exchange for email house. v -
MARION GRIFFIN.
ANOTHER high-class proposition; 82 rooms,
very expensively furnished by a connsivscur;
rent only $451; long lease: electric elevator;
private bath with each suite; everything Al;
exclusively for sale by MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT house full of tenants who do
all their own wcrk; landlady only sweeps tho
halls; 24 rooms, all light and sunny; r.^ar
Market and Van Ness; you pay $1000 down and
borrow balance of MARION GRIFFIN.
00 rooms; new building; new furniture; sani-
tary enameled beds; rent $200; 0-year leasp*
electric lights; price $3000; profit depends on
ability of manager; exclusively with
MARION GRIFFIN.
BEAUTIFUL furnishings are appreciated by
ladies of refinement in all civilized countries,
but in none are the connoisseurs more critical
than those in this city, and none could find a
defect in the exquisite draperies, golden oak,'
blrdseye* maple, and rich velvet carpets in this
sunny corner house of 37 spacious roome, fur-
nished in Feb., 1904; $2000 is required as 1st
payment; exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
EXCHANGES.
Exchanges of All Kinds Made Dally.'
40-rocm house, worth $3500; clears $175; to
exchange for a smaller house.
Also 20-room house, worth $1500, clearing
$72 monthly, to exchange for smaller house.
Also a swell 17-rcom houoe, clearing; $S0
monthly, to exchange for about 30 rooms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
BARGAIN hunters, lend us your ears while
we inform you of a house worth $9C0; will sell
for $400 spot cash; very central; 11 large rooms.
In a downtown location; for Hale only by
MARION GRIFFIN.
63 LARGE, well-furnished rooms in a corner
house; thoroughly clean; painted new inside and
outside; 27 big windows; rent only $223, with
a transferable lease that runs 5 years from 12th
of next August; guaranteed to be clearing $20o
per month; price $4000. . MARION GRIFFIN.
UNUSUAL opportunity (If you profit by it
at once) to purchase the finest 100-room house
In Ban Francisco: nominal price for 6uch luxu-
rious furnishings; well located; long lease;
eplendid chance for business. ¦
¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
FLAT of 8 rooms, newly furnished; rent $25;
5 rooms rented for $36; price $250. - i
MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $125 $4500
KH> rooms; clears $350; low rent $6500
bO rooms; furniture nearly new... .... .$3800
40 rooms; flne location, north of Market. $1000
46 rooms; in Oakland; new; rent $80. ...$2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent. ....$600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL _
: CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
80 ROOMS; elegant new apartment house, 3
¦ and 4-room suites; 60 rooms, furnished: rea-
sonable rent: charming location; sunny. Box
3548, Call office.
FOR SALK — 14 housekeeping rooms; rent $60;
must go away; $325 cash. 047 Mission st.
OUR CLASSIFIED COLUMNS ARE A GREATTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 9. 1001.
9
AJLAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
NEWLY furnished sunny rooms with board.
1541 Central ave.. Morton Station. Alameda.
BEKKELEY ADVEBT'S'-TNTa
BERKBLKY REAL ESTATE).
$2600— HALF block by the Santa Fc; $50
month.
$1400 — New cottage, 5 rooms, bath, pantry,
city water, sanitary plumbing; lot 50x100; on<»
block from electrio cars; $150 down. $25
monthly.
$S5O — Neat cottage. 5 rooms and bath; near
station of local train.
$500 — Lot 6Oxl2o. on broad macadamized
street; $50 down, $10 monthly; Interest 8 per
cent net.
$1200^ — House, 4 rooms, garden, etc.: $150
down, $10 per month.
$1850— House, 6 rooms and bath; lot 50x130;
small barn; street sewered.
$1250 — Business corner on principal avenue;
lot 60x100.
i $15oO— Lot for factory site. 221x125.
$250 — Triangle lot. 40xl2i>, with creek lined
with willows; $23 down, ?10 month.
$1100— House. 4 rooms; lot 47x125; $100
down. $15 per month. .
$375— Business lot, 20x75; $20 down.
$250— Lot. 50x100; $25 down. $5 month.
CHARLES A. BAILEY.
1056 University ave.. nr. San Pablo ave..
West Berkeley.
A SPECIAL FOR THI3 WBEK.
$2000— New 6-room house, larsre lot, near car
line, schools, churchc3; $50O cash, balance)
$25 per month; street work complete.
MORAX & SWAIN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR rent or for sale — For Immediate posses-
sion house of 9 rooms, furnace, etc.. 2 largo
porches; ideal situation on Crown Hill cor-
ner: 70x125; fascinating bay and mountain
Vistas; air especially dry and balmy; variety
mature fruit and shade trees; elite neighbor-
hood. See owner, 105 Bayo Vista ave., cor-
ner Walswcrth; phone Brush 170 or Bua.
Main SS3.
A SNAP.
$1050 only for a 6-room cottage with bath,
etc. in East Oakland; easy terms. P. C. LAS-
SEN &. CO.. 466 Tenth at.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
FOR RENT — Part of store, suitable offices OT
business; also basement. 1233 Broadway.
OAKLA5D Fl'RXITl'RE rOR SALbT
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In faml»
tnre. H. Bchellhaas.llth »t..cor.»tore.Oaklanil.
San Francisco Advertisenrts
ROOMS FOR llo J^ I 5J£ E J^5t- „
ATx^sunnyrbestln city : 3 or 4 rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished. ST. CHARL-S APART-
MENTS, 13C0 Sacramento et.. near Larkin.
BRYANT. 421 — One or two sunny rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping. _____
ELLI3 117S— Nicely furnished sunny parlor
and kitchen: bath: phone; no children.
FELL. 223 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms.
FIFTH, 343 — Suite of rooms complete for
housekeeping. __________________
F1LLMOP.E. 21.1 — Bright, sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water, gas^
FOLSOM. 830 — 2 large housekeeping rooms;
reasonable; also room with stove, $7. single.
GOUGH, 211— Three sunny corner unfurnished
rooms ; gas. bath, phone, jetc. ; adults.
GUERRERO. 543 — 3 sunny housekeeping roonut,
partly furnlshe^ ________
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny furnlahed 3-room »ultes; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.
LEAVENWORTH, 820— Newly furnished sun-
ny housekeeping rooms; bath. and phone.
MCALLISTER. 538-^Sunny suites, $13-$7: gas
range; hot bath; laundry; phone: adulta.
MCALLISTER, IXCl. cor. Laguna — Furnished
loom for light housekeeping; running water.
OAK. 117— Sunny suites. $16-$20; single rooms;
complete housekeeping; $5 to $10; adults.
O'FARRELL. 1395 — Nicely furnished, sunny,
front housekeeping suite; $16.
STOCKTON. 1206 — Newly furnished slngl*,
double housekpg. rooms; bath: gas; $5-$ 13.
TAYLOR, WM. near Geary— Corner suite. S
nice housekeeping outside rooms.
TEIIAMA, 43 — Three housekeeping rooms.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3T.67. near 3 car lines— $12;
2 sunny housekeeping rooms.
VAN NESS ave.. 706— Front basement «lit»
of 3 rooms, $20; also 2 rear rooms, $11.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.DuncaJi and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* has b#en
opened at 1008 Market St.. oppoalta Fifth.
Op»n until 11 p. m. _
APART-CE— T HOUSE-.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
10*4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each: all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now.
ST.CECILE, 115 Fell.abova Van Ness ave. — Th«.
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartraer.ts.wlth private batns,
steam heat, electric light. elevator, gas ranges;
$30. $35. $37. $40. $43. $47 80. J30. $53.
$27 50—8 ROOMS and bath. furn.. $33; 4 rooms
and bath, $30. furn. $37 50; sun In every
apart.; new hou*e beautifully finished: gas
ranges In unfurn. aparts. The M-lken. 31
Central ave., near Halght st.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms; also single; furnished cr unfurnlsh»d:
marine view; references. Phone East 1350.
KOO.M* TO I.KT- -F-r-. «»< CnfBf«.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st. — Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (ot No. t
Fifth st.>— Rooms. 2oc. 60c, $1. $1 80 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; hounc open all night.
BURNETT. 112« Market <old No. 13t»4>— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, C51 — Furnished front room, dining-room
and kitchen; reasonable.
CLEMENTINA, 310^. near Fourth — Room fop
2 gentlemen; French private family; all new.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furcisned sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS <The), 618 Post. nr. Taylor^ — Just
opened: desirably located; sunny single room*
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room: elevator. Phone East 1317 tf destrsd.
ELEGANT and reasonable transient room.
Address G.. box 32«0. Call.
FRANKLIN. 323 — Neatly furnished room for
1 or 2 gentlemen.
GEARY, -4CS — 3 sunny, clean, nicely furnished
rooms.
GEARY. 660— Elegant sunny front bay-windo—
rooms; piano; other rooms; kitchen; reason.
GEARY, 1418 — Pleasant home;' sunny rooms.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms S3a
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $8 wk.; reading-room.
HARRISON, 734%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1
week up. ¦ _____
HARRISON. 82SB— Sunny front room, newly
furnished; new flat; gentleman; $2 50 week.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 743 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nlsh«d suites and single rooms. '
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny front room, 1 or 2 per-
sons.^Tjlargesunnyback^JIS^^^^^^^^^^
MISSION. BttS — Front room. . with double bed
and stove: $5. ____________
MISSION." 1203— Sunny furnished rooms for 1
• or 2 gentlemen. .
MISSION, 1232— One large, sunny room : suit-
able Tor 2 men; also 1 single room. Inquire
at grocery. ' ¦¦
OCTAVIA, 1259. cor. i O" Farrell^-On.« elegantly
furnished room: 'running water and doeet.
O'FARRELL. C23 — Nicely furnished. Urge.
sunny double room. $14; also sunny slngla
room, $7. ' - m
Continued on Fagc Ten. -
MISCELL.AXEOUS— FOR SALE — Con.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d «t.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
SIX horsepower gas engines. Bay City Iron
Works. Oakland. :
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Bacigalupl.
moved to 78tl Mission st.
GOOD brlckmaking machine with 2S molds.
Chrlgtman Bros.. 11th & St. James. San Jose.
SECOND-HAND safes. $55; 60-inch desk, $27.
RICHARDSON BROS., 1816 Market st.
GRAND Imported tumbler pigeons (rollers),
1 cheap while they last. Wilson. 229 Stevenson.
IMPROVED Wood printing presaes, gasoline
engines. Boyer Machine Works, 46 Spear st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
new; 16x16. j?19 Third st.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO.,35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush 853
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore. Cl McAllister st.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. OARIN. 803 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and cash reglgters, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
6AFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. S07 Battery st. -
MOVING plcturer, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market St.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all ylzea. J. K. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MI5CEI.LAXEOl)a WANTS.
INSURANCE agencies (every class of risk)
wanted by thoroughly competent real estate
agent: excellent references. Address E.
COWPER-THWA1TE, Stockton.
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will remove
the largest building in 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.
MORRIS gives hignest prices for ladle*' and
gents' casteff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
EHOES wanted; misfit & castoff; highest prcs. ; !
new & 2d-hand *hoes for sale. 749 Mission.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AXC^HKRMA^r'iiuRPHYl
601-C02-C03 Examiner Bulldlnn.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; asfignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST f>Vt AND 0 PER CENT
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on city. Oakland, town
ami country real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided interests In real estate, property in
trust; loans closed promptly,
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
107-8-9 CROCKER BUILDING?
POST AND MARKET ST8.
_ _-_ WILL LOAN ~~
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
cr country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
ot property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
A. A. DO YOU NEED MONEY? ? T
Loans on furniture and pianos without re-
moval; lewert rates and easiest plan In city:
don't hesitate to call; Information cheerfully
given; no publicity: reliable and square deal-
inr. PEOPLE'S TRUST CO..
625 MARKET ST.. ROOM 4C2. PARiiOTT Bldg
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur- .
Ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment*
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com. X
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. CS Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
literal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
M6 Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, eealsklns
and valuables: our fireproof vault Is protect-
. ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton ;phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer«
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; eas«y payments, large business In
40 principal cities. Tolman, C53 Parrott bid.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commission -.Installments accepted.
BONELLI, 3C1 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet,- confidential. 26 Montgomery St., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of ¦tfyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Ek.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103^ Brdwy., suite 1-2;
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dcrsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance pollcler, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21* Stockton st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
IV: per cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bldg., Ex. ent.
ALL loans. on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. - MORKLL. GOD Examiner building.
Ml'SICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
OneErard; nice condition ,.... $50
One English Le Blond: good order $75
One Sterling; cost $325; new $103
One Lflrs, walnut case: fine order. .....$175
One. Chlckering; mahogany case $250
One Knabe, -used one year, latest style;, one
Steinway used 2 years, latent style; one
Vose mahogany case, used 8 months; also 1
new piano, mahogany case, three strings, lat-
est style, upright grand, $147 50.
$10 Squares $10.
Emerson, Kurtzman, Cummlngs, Hallet & Da-
vis Stelnway, Kranlch & Bach. Halnes and 40
others from $10 up: oaey payments — guaran-
teed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell.
PIANOS for rent: $3 per month; the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
from* pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 500-04 -Hayes st.
RENTING Is our specialty; $2 up; apply en ,
purchase; Installments $4 up. - HEINE-
j PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st: Oakland. 1252
Broadway. • . ¦
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
$25; uprights $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZY, UO3 Post St. -
TREMENDOUS slaughter storage pianos and
fur.; dirt cheap. Whitehead's.lC30 Market et.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos almost '
given away.' HORNUNG. 210 McAllister st.
$165— STEINWAY upright; private party; no j
reasonable' cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos eold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Bhoninger, little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
6OHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Ceclllan piano j
player. . BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post »t..
OFFICES . AND STORES TO LET.
DENTIST'S office for rent: $20: .established;
common reception-room with physician. 1503
Market Bt. . • ¦ ' ¦' ¦ ,
HOWARD, 1000— Large store with four rooms
for family; rent $32 50. ..
FOLSOM, 935 — Large. ••¦airy store; well lighted;
also 3 large rooms; yard; will lease. % . •
FINE hallfor lodges, meetings, etc. ;1 to 4 times
a week; cheap. . Room C, Odd Fellows' bldg.
OFFICES on Union Sqjiare; all light and sunny;
,• : fixed to su"lt tenant.. 289 Post St., cor.StocVn
S\:: nKLP. WAlifTEp — MALE Con.
A-MURRAY & READY,"
PHONE MAIN .ISIS.
Leading Employment ahd Labor Ascnts.
B - P 4£. IS1I> SWISS, W FRENCH.
GERMAN, GREEK, ITALIAN
lour fare free. Look— Free fare
,_. - 1X> ST ATE OF NEVADA.
If you stay four months. THAT'S ALL.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
2U» two-horse teamster*. |»K>.
1..G laborers, you'll suit. SCO.
8U drillers, rockmen, hammermen, $75.
Eight honrs' work; hundreds poing.
Electrical and steam engineer for ranch, $C0
found.
Carriage and wagon painter, $50 found.
IN CALIFORNIA—
6 carpenters, city Jobs $4 day.
4 carpenters, fare $1 40, $3 50 day.
3 paper-hangers, fare ?1 CO $4 day.
2 painterR, fare $1 50 $:i 00 day.
4 plumber*, fare $1 60. $.'» day.
2 tinsmiths, fare $1 30, $4 day.
Wheelwright, operate wheel machine, far*
$1. $3 day.
Bofler maker, fare COc. $3 an1 53 50 day.'
Driller for granite. $2 75 to *3 day.
Blacksmith, stage to Memlneino Co., $50 fd.
Wheelwrights, 50c fare, $50 found.
Letterer and striper, Monterey Co.. call early.
Pipe Insulator, asbestos factory. $2 75 day.
ltt coopers, slack worK, steady.
2 cornice men, exceptionally good Jobs, $3 60
flay.
2 cement finishers, north, $.4 day.
4 plnstcrere , fare $1 50, $3 day.
Carriage painter, sticker hand, country, $4
day.
Molder and sticker hand, 2 door molders.
Garg edjrrrr.an. fare $1. $55 to $70 found.
3 tallymen, bitf lumber company, $30.
Double cut band sawyer, $5 day.
Bcrcw turner, S. C. Co., $75.
T> shingle packers, different places.
5 door mo!ders, lumber company, boss here,
$2 SO to $3 day.
4 Etirk hands, bops here, lumber company.
Double-tree theper and splndie shaper, $3.
4 carriage painterE. different Jobs. $3 CO day.
4 ppoci tenders, lumber company, $50 and
found up.
Cutotr sawyer; 4 Fhinglers, $1 per 1000. •>•
EdKorman. fare $1. 545 and found.
Man do rough painting;, city corporation.
$2 25 day. i
LOOK!
12 horreshoers, city and country $4, $3 50,
$J. $2 50 day. .',:. ¦ T^'-.!
14 blacksmiths' helpers, $4. $3, $2 day.
LABORERS.
1(5 laborers, manufacturing companies, $2 day.
5 laborers, lf>c faro. $2 day.
6 scraper loaders, $2 25 day.
4 laborers to Irrigate orchard, fare $1 $26 fd.
STABLEMEN.
20 stablemen, city and country, $"3, $60, $50
and found.
4 harnees cleaners, extra good Jobs, $78.
f. buggy washers, extra good Jobs 575.
4 hostlers and doormen, extra goo'd Jobs, $73.
5 coachmen, country jobs $30 and found.
HAYMAKERS.
25 haymaker;) and mowers. $1 25 day, found.
26 vineyard and orchard hands, $26-$30 fd.
SC milkrr6 and butter and cheese makers,
$30 to $50 and found.
16 choremen and boys, $15 to $30 and found.
16 boys, box factories. $50.
5 boys in machine shops, etc., $4 week up.
MINES.
12 machine minere, $1)0.
16 single and double hand miners. $S2 80.
ISC woodchoppers. all over Callfornla.
MEN— WIVES.
Milker and wife. $40 and found.
6 men and wives for ranches, $5O-$40-$60 fd.
Gardener, Alameila County, $30 found.
HOTEL AND OTHER* DEPARTMENTS.
2U cooks, $0O-$40-$5O-$GO-$7O found.
18 waiters, $25-$.'i(i-$40 found.
15 dishwashers, $2<V$25-$.i0-$35 found.
12 porters, bell, elevator boys, $30 to $15 fd.
LAUNDRY.
26 laundrymen, different departments, $18
to $22 week.
BAKERS.
2 firsts, 4 seconds on bread and 1 second on
cake.
Best places at MURRAY & READY,
Biggest wages at 634 and C3G Clay et.
WANTED for U. S. army; able-bodied un-
married men, between turts of 21 and 55;
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and tenwrtte habits, who can speak,
read and write Emclich. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer, Rlalto building,
New Montgomery ht., San Francisco, or 1029
Second St., Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Young or middle-aged man cf
good character and addreM for dignified,
educational and religious tfork; permanent;
refer— nc«> required. liox 321)2, Call office.
GOVERNMENT pOFitione — Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free information as
to .positions. . salaries, axe. limits, etc.; day
or c% enln_e.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper at 212 Rail-
road &ve.
BARBER from 11 to 8; steady. 44 O'Farrell
street.
WANTED— An experienced waiter: call bet. 10
and 10:30. Bay Oyster-house, 135 Powell st.
BLACK work coopers; apply to-day (Monday),
213 Druinm ft. ; Ftc-ady work; good wages.
WANTED— Waiter. 258 First st.
STRONG boy wantf-d: $4 a week. J. 8IL-
VERMAN. 224 Third st.
BARBFR wanted — Extra man; steady. 411
Devlsadero st.
SHOEMAKER — To rent or work on percentage.
Barber phop, 222 East st.
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber shop. 603
Kearr.y st.
BOY wanted. Drug store. Sixth and Mission
•street*.
TWO - CHAIR harber Fhrrp tor sale cheap.
WILL & FINCK, 21 OFflrrell st.
FOR sale — 3 barber shops. Apply 31 Eighth st.
between 5 and 8 o'clock.
BARBERS — 3-chair shop for sale; sickness the
reason. 1000 Valencia et.
THOROUGHLY practical clothlni? saWmnn
wanted; none other need apply. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 'in Market Et.
WANTED — Experienced furnishing goods
eaiftm'n. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 740
Market »t.
~ ALL ~ '
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required: position* secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED — An able and experienced wholesale
hardware man for position of price clerk In
wholesale hardware house in Sacramento;
liberal salary to right party. Address P. O.
box «21. Sacramento. Cal.
HONEST man for plain accounts and collect-
ing, etc.: permanent: references and some
cash necessary; f alary end commission; no
trifiers Call or address 14 McAllister et.,
culte 10.
WANTED — Competent accountant, able to
take charge of a *et of books under direc-
tion; state age. address, references and ex-
perience. Address box 3296. Call office.
WANTED^ — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third et.: 230 rooms; 25« to 60c per night.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Western College of
Barbers. 647 Commercial st.
WANTED — Good Job compositor and first-class
platen pressman. Apply SANBORN, VAIL
it CO.. 741-745 Market wt.
WANTED — A man. upholsterer preferred, to
take Interest in furniture ftore. Inquire 629
East Main St.. Stockton. Cal.
WANTED — A good military tailor on blouses;
steady work the year round. 016 Market &t..
Room 82.
FOR eale — Barber shop; 3 chairs; good busi-
ness; fine location; lease; no snide business;
map. 211 Sixth st. ¦',-'iy»
: TRY our men's «.hoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form sho«s at "$2 SO; we pay
exprer* or mail charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
PLANER hand for furniture factory. 2147 Fol-
•om st., near Eighteenth.
ERRAND boy. Apply HILP, 569 Market st.
HANDY man with horse and buggy; $7 a day
<sfy. 3<J Grary st.. room 17.
FOR sale — Furniture of 1-cbalr barber shop.
•JI!» Capp et.
FOR eale at 1007 Howard St., city, two barber
chair?; snap. •
.
1 SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart Et.
MEN for deep-water ships. Come early to
HERMANN'S. 27 Steuart st.
FOR salr — Good paying barber-shop. .. 3147
Twonty-fourth «t.
GENTLEMAN to eollclt for weekly pap«r in
northern part of city. Apply C19 Filbert bt,
3-CHAIR • barber chop; first-class business; a
good chance. Apply Call office.
LABOR debts collected; suit*, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r. 413.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741A Howard st.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls, r. 40, Pbelan bldg.
Past Com. Qto. U. Thomas Post, G. A. It.
¦-\l_> l__. j___.- / * rv 1 1 \i vu nUuuc vjf.jr n •¦lj.jyi/aim -tin i crvcu i
PERSONALS.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name. M. ELLA-HARRIS.
The nun;ber, 781 O'Farrell St.. near Larkin.
.¦:'. Call or write for book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, 1m-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cured dandruff
and itching scalp: no. stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
A— 'MICROTINE. a' positive cure for catarrh,
cold in the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial . affections; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 9th.
ATTENTION — Cut this out; superfluous hair,
moles warts killed by absorption; $1; per-
manent. B. ST. JOHN, hair, face specialist.
631 Sutter st.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
ekln. mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
- skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market at.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suHs, overcoats
and trousers' at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st. .
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
Q. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugi dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.
INFLAMMATORY or any kind of rheumatism,
gout and sprains cured; $1 per bottle. 1198
Folsom *t.
"VITAL Ring" cures weak men; $2 50, poat
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Geary. S.F.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. COO. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; drsss pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyption' Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color, $1; at all druggists'.
~ PA1.M1STKV.
H. JEROME FO8ELLI. scientifio palmist. 613
Taylor St.. near Oenry. Phone Black 5fll.
PAIKTIBTQ. JPAPEBHAITQINO. ETC.
Painters, paper-hangers, slgnwrlters want work;
prices mod. 1272 Folsom; phona Mint 131.
IVAIi'r>EltS~V/AXTEIX
WANTED — Partner for established planing
mill and cabinet shon; email capital. 752
Franklin st., Oakland.
tlOQO — PARTNER to drive the wagon and learn
the butcher 'trade; large profits. Address
box 3314. Call office.
PATEWT8.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldy.. 033 Market ft.
PHYSICIANS A.VU MURUEONM.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% "Market St.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tat herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. -1 he famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Hay and Oats, Office Depot
Quartermaster, San Francisco, Cal., 8G New
Montgomery St., May 6, 1904 — Sealed proposals
In triplicate, subject to the usual conditions,
will be received here until 12 o'clock noon,
' June 4, 1004. and then opened, for furnish-
ing and delivering at San Francisco. Cal.,
Seattle, Wash., and Portland, Ore., thirty-
eight hundred and seventy-six (3S>76) tons of
hay, fifty-six hundred and twelve (5612) tons
of oats, subject to an Increase or decrease of
26 per' cent. United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all bids, or
any part thereof. Further information and
blank proposals furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be marked
Pronosals for Hay and Oats No. "3f!G7" and
addressed to Major C. A. Devol, Q. M., U. S.
Army, Depot Quartermaster.
TREASURY Department, office ot the Super-
vising Architect. Washington, D. C, April
2M, 11)04 — i?eal proposals will be received
at this office until 3 o'clock p. m. on , the
8th day of June. 11)04. and then opened, for
the tanks, pump*, piping, etc., for a crurle
petroleum burnlner plant for the boilers In
the U. S. Portofflce. Courthouse, etc., at
San Francisco, California, in accordance
with the drawings and specification, copies
ot which may be had at this office or at
the office of the Superintendent at San Fran-
cisco, Cal., at the discretion of the Super-
vising Architect. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR,
Supervising Architect.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., May 3, 1904 — Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m., June 2, 1904, for furnishing
forage And bedding at posts in Alaska for
year fmilng June 30, 11)05. Information fur-
nished here or by quartermasters at posts.
IT. S. reserves the right to reject or accept
any or all proposals or any part thereof.
Envelopes containing proposals should be
marked. "Proposals for Forage and Bed-
ding at " anil nddreysed to undersigned.
F. G. HODGSON. C. Q. M.
BOOTSrOBSAlE.
BONDS for sale — Notice Is hereby given that
cealed bid? will be received until 2 o'clock
p. m., Saturday, May 28. 1904. by the Board
of Control of the Territory of Arizona, at the
office of ea!d board In the City of Phoenix.
• Arizona, for the sale of Ten Bonds of th»
denomination of One Thousand Dollars each,
bearing date January 1, .1901. due and pay-
able January 1, 1954, bearing Interest at the
rate of five per cent (5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five years. Issued by the Ter-
ritory of Arizona, in accordance with the
provisions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-seo-
ond Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
and which act has been apnroved by the
Congress of the United States. Interest on
said bonds will be paid semt-annually on
the first day of January and July of each
year, and both principal and interest payable
In gold coin of the United States at the of-
fice of the Treasurer of said Territory. A
certified check of a responsible bank for S
per cent of the amount of the bid. payable
to the order of E. E. Kirkland. Territorial
Treasurer, and a copy of this advertisement
must accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
to make payment in full upon allotment and
tender of bondx will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control, Phoenix. Arizona, and marked
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Pond* "
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 708 Market st.j opposite Third —
For the half yea- PEdlng Slst of December,
1003, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per- annum. of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock' and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notlce-i-The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 65, of fifty cents
(50c) per shara on the Issued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
the office of the company, rooms 202. 204 and
20C. Hayward building. San Francisco, on
May 10.- li»04. Transfer books close May 3,
1004, at ' noon. C. C. QUINN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 9, 5 per cent, now due and pay-
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 405 Mont-
. gomery St.. room 0. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT "& STOLL Storage Co. ; storage,
packing, chipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1236 Market, r. 84; tel.South 760.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. • 723-
731 Howard st., nr. Third: phone Grant 1G1.
PIF.RCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., it-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel..'Prl~< Ex. 371.
CONKLIN'S -Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 12d.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. . S40
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F.W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgome-y
* St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates. -
RE AIL ESTATE--.CIT Y—FOR S AXIS.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION BALE.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION BALE.
TO
RENO.
NEVADA.
along the banks of the truckee
• Tnd R
sierra nevada mountains.
we will sell town lots at
' sparks (east reno)
$9 55 $9 55
ROUND TRIP TICKETS.
FIRST-CLASS PULLMAN TRAIN
" Will leave Market-st. ferry Friday,
May 20, at S o'clock p. m., arriving
In Reno at 8 o'clock Saturday morning.
AUCTION SALE TO TAKE PLACE
. same day ' on the property to be sold.
where an elaborate collation will b«
served, returning by daylight Sunday.
Tickets will be good to and including
Monday, May 23.
Double berths $1 each way.
Special reduced round trip tickets from
Intermediate points. For further par-
ticulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
.. 633 Market st.
COMPULSORY PARTITION SALE.
Grand marine view lots, $1250 and upward.
on Green. Baker and Union sts.
One-third less than adjoining lots are selling
for.* Lots are selling fast.
Streets sewered and all lots on the grade.
Right on ear line and In Improving neigh-
bor hoed. -
; Peremptory offering. Easy terms tf desired.
O. H. FERGUSON,
409 California st. Tel. Exchange 400.
f 1.25 'PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots la tht
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level: no
grading to do; ready to build your little horns
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE..
26 Montgomery st.. room 3.
COTTAGE of 5 r. and b. on 26th St., near
Sanchez: modern improvements; $2500; can
get loan of $1SOO If wanted.
$230 down for new cottage on San Jose
ave. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mlssldh st.
FOR sale — $S500; a fine 9-room residence, with
beautiful garden with tent, in the Western
Addition. Apply 2022 Pine St., between La-
guna and Buchanan; no agents.
$1500 — New modern cottage; 4 rooms and bath;
good location; $200 cash, balance $12 per
month. Apbly 3316 Mission irt.
BUILD your unimproved realty: we loan full
cost Improv. and part lot at 6%. MANHAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
FOR sale cheap; park lot on Frederick St.. 80
ft. E. of Willard. Apply to L. E. DABOLD.
owner. 313 Sixth St.. Oakland. Cal.
FOR sale — 7 to 9 room houses on Sixth ave.,
bet. Lake and California st*. ; Eddy-st. can
pass the door. J. B. GLUNZ, builder.
$3200 — BARGAIN; bay-window cottage, 5
moms, bath and high basement: 54x114. 444
Twenty-seventh st..nr.Noe; apply 0-2 o' crock.
$0500—3 NEW flats, inside Polk: rent $1080
year; 27x135. Box 33C2, Call office.
$9.'.0O— CORNF.R In the Mission; rent $93 per
month. McEWEN BROS.. IIS Montgomery et.
ALL work guaranteed first class hy ALH-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard Bt
HEAL E STATE— Conn try— For Sale.
W. J. WHITE,
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
$12,5<X) — Splendid stock ranch and general
farm. 2U00 acres; 4 miles from Courthouat:,
Mendocino County; 200 acres tillable; 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied witii
water and an abundance of live oak timber;
there are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
$SCOO — Only 3Vi mlle3 of Geyservllle, the Gem
of Sonoma County; Yt, mile good school; rural
mall delivery: &O acres; 30 acres rich bottom
land; 2 acres orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; 5 acres alfalfa; well' fenced and croaa
fenced; S-room house, 2 good barns, nice spring;
have other bargains in this superb section.
$3500— Mile and a half of St. Helena; lt»
acres. So under cultivation, 0 acres bearing
orchard. 5 acres vineyard; water piped to
buildings; fine 2-story residence, stable, barn,
carriage-house; once refused $12,000 cash.
$600 — Only 1 mile of town; 80 acres; house,
trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land:
placer and quarts gold; 2 garden patches, out-
side range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$4000 — Near Merced City, on main road; 40
acres rich land; 6 acres bearing olives. 10 acres
alfalfa. 3',-i acres bearing orchard: 2 wells; all
under ditch; fine cottage, & rooms; steel wind-
mill and tank; good barn, toolhouse, granary,
ln.ii 1 try houses, incubator houses; nice Income;
cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided
In small tracts at $U5 per acre; one-third cf
crop with place.
Adjoining the town of Lodl, both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under ditch;
$)25 to $105 cer acre.
$50 per acre; 10 acres up; under ditch; 4<-j
miles from Lodi, on main county road; also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an
acre.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
I have several parties with good Income
property to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging-houses; many cash buyers; list y«ur
property.
$25(XJ — fiO acres: 5 miles from Santa Cru»; 20
acres, under cultivation, balance rolling and
some steep; small orchard and vineyard. Dear-
ing; good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure! $5Cu down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
Slo.iiw — In Sonoma County; 800 acres well
fenced In 3 fields; house; 3 large barns; dairy-
house; w,ell watered; 200 acres tillable; all
level; 24 acres h-y ear-old orchard: 3U head cat-
tle; 20 hogs; farming implements, etc.; $3OOO
mortgage; trade for bay property.
$:*250 — 28 acres sandy loam, only 2Vj miles
of Petaluma; house. 5 rooms and bath; part cash.
$5000— Best ranch in Southern Oregon; 320
acres: 2 sets good Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools; outside range.
$4500 — 30 seres close to Morgan Hill, Santa
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard, 10 acres hill pasture; nice- hard
finished cottage of 5 rooms; outbuildings: fine
income; would trade for Income city property.
$1100 — Only 6 miles from Courthouse; 8o
acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
part cash; near Red Bluff.
$17,000 — Finest ranch In San Joaquln County,
between Stockton and Lodi: water near sur-
face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land. 1 mile of Calaveras River,
on main road; mortgage $9000: would trad* for
first-class property near city.
$45UO — Near- Newcastle; 21 acres; oranges,
cherries, peaches, lemons, plums and apples:
small but nice bouse; only $1500 down; have
bargains In this- vicinity from $1000. up.
$2250 — 10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
mencing to bear; 6 miles from San Joae; lovely
home; half cash.
51700— In Sonoma City: 3H acres: all level:
good house, barn, windmill, tankhouae; 13
poultry houses and yards: some alfalfa; spring
wasron;.50O chickens; fcedhouae.
$2500 — Only 2 miles from San Jose: 4 acres;
2% acres bearing orchard: hard finished cot-
ta_e, 5 rooms: stable, windmill and tank;
cheap.
$A500 — 136 acres east of San Jose, 125 acres
in bay:' good roll.
Send stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery st., room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
. Full charge taken of property.
GREAT bargain — Rich. Irrigated farms; bit
canal; free water right; very cheap: easy
terms: homeseeker's opportunity. C. M.
WOOSTER CO.. 64S Market St.
5-ROOM cottage at Larkspur: almoet new;
modern; fin* for summer .residence: % mile
from station: $11<JO:" $100 cash, balance $12
per month.
W. N. RUSSELL.
301 California at.. San Francisco, Cal.
1400 ACRES at $0 BO per acre; only 90 miles
from San Francisco: to close up an estate:
see owner dally at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
INGE, 108 Jessie St.. San Francisco.
ALFALFA lands, etock ranches, orchards,
vineyards- Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. 043
Market st. *" - "¦
A WFEK'S news for 5 cents — The "Weekly Call.
18 Dart*. In wranoer. for t- -alllns;. ; $1 rm r -war.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
LAST chance — $5 monthly; lota any tract; first
price, first choice; near sites bought for fac-
torieg. etc. A. \V. BELL. 211 Montgy.. S. F.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
A GOOD lodging-house In San Francisco to ex-
change for Oakland cr Berkeley property.
P. C. LASSEN _ CO.. 466 Tenth St.. Oak-
land. Cal. ' ' ¦ - ' ' •
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS^ and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
. meat free; Dr. Cottlncham. 204 Sutter »u \
I V^ HELP WANTED — MALE — Con.
SAILORS and young ' men (green' hands) for
ehips. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms; .
free 'bus and bacgagt to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opeifed at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. in.
ALL sixes men's rhoes. slightly damaged, half
price. G63 Mission st.. bet, lat'ahd 2d su.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 663 Mltflon ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
gyj^iSj^ A'VU WAGOSS. ~
SECOND-HAND Toomey pneumatic cart, rub-
ber-tire phaeton, platform gear fulltop su--
rey, open hack, rubber-tire coupe, tandem
cart, pneumatic and solid-tire ball-bearing
buggUs, cheap at O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and
Golden Gate ave.
BARGAIN— Kubber-tlred runabout, with um-
brella top; also rubber-tired surrey and'sln-
gle set harness for sale. Box 1870, Call.
One 3-ton platform wagon, one 12-foot platform
furniture wagon and three spring wagons of
all kinds. 1B01-1503 Folsom »t.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. 8. F.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
session begins June 0. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY, 610 Golden Gate av«.
A LIGHT grocery wagon for sale cheap. 12T5
Pierce at., between Eddy and Ellis.
A GOOD horse for sale; at present la Oak-
Box_lj)24. Call office.
WANTED— A good delivery horse! Box 1821,
Call office.
FOR sale — A horse; gentle. Box 8239, Call
office.
CAMPING wagon; great for theatrical travel-
ers. 127 Turk st.; owner at 040 Howard at.
HORSES of all grades bought, sold and ex-
changed. H. ATKINSON. 65 Hermann st
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
neyy. work and iirlvltig hordes, lSth-Valencla.
HOUSES TO I,KT. ~
A— PRINTED list of house* to let; send for clr-
cular. 3. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery
PERRY. 204, near Fourth — $7; house of 3
rccm«; wat»r free. Apply to Q. H. UMBSEN
St CO.. 20 Montgomery »t.
ftoXSBS TO LET — KMiXtSIIED.
COMPLETELY furnished house; 7 large, *unny
rooms; bath, large yard, basement. 104 Pierce
st., nr. Halght; references required. Inquire
8-12 a. m., 5-7 p. m., or 207 Examiner bide.
DESIRABLE 2-story furnished house, with
basement and attic; fun all day; rent $78.
»45 Athbury «t.
SUTTER. near Leavenworth — 7-room house to
let; furnished new. Apply 242 Post stl
TO rent — Whole or part nicely furnished house;
8 rooms; all sunny. 1C15 Gough St.. 11 to 5.
FOLSOM. C47 — Four rooms and bath, com-
plete: piano.
HOUSES KLIIX1SHED — FOH SALE.
7-ROOM house; newly furnished; all room*
sunny: no agents: price $700. 312 Mason st.
HOl'SKS — SPBUH.BAX — KlUMSHEl)
FOR rent, San Anselmo— From May 15 to Sept.
15; fully furnished 10-room house; electric
lights, stable and grounds. For particulars
apply to J. S. M., San Anselmo.
" LAUNCHES FOB H_a_!
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of CTay
et.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
J. Mlchaclls Launch Co.. Unlon-st. wharf;boat-
lng & excursions. B Steuart st. : tel. John 2C88.
LOST AM) FOUND.
LOST — Saturday, May 7. going from Laguna
and McAllister sts. by McAllister and Third
• st. cars to Third and Townsend et. depot, a
purse containing $105 in gold coin. Return
to 747 Lacuna St. and receive reward.
LOST— About April 25, a white bull terrier
with two black spots on each ear; answers
to. name of Hector; suitable reward will be
paid for return. Apply subscription window.
Call business office..
LOST — On train or boat. San Rafael to San
Francisco, three diamond ringR, two of them
double settings. Finder please return to
Central Bank, Oakland; reward.
LOST— Silver medal with gold Initial* "I. R,"
going from Pan Francisco to Shell Mound
Park. Return to 1407 Fifteenth st. San
Francisco; reward.
FOUND — May 3 or 4, a lady's small watch.
Sixth and Market; owner may have same
by paying expenses at <547A Stevenson St.;
call 7 to 8 v. m. NEWBURG.
LOST — Thursday, gold medal, inscribed A. P.
P. B., on the front; it has also A. M. Car-
valho above the medal; reward. Return 58
Jackson st.
LOST — A small diamond pin on Cliff Houi«e
cars Sunday; liberal reward and no questions
asked if returned to 1020 Franklin st.
LOST— White bull dog; female. Finder please
return to 1042 Golden Gate ave and receive
reward.
WHITE fox terrier, brown ears, email scar
under neck; lost in' forest east of Affiliated
Colleges. Reward $25 at 000 Leavenworth st.
$25 REWARD: pair round cuff buttons, black
enameled, inlaid with diamond stars. Palace
of Art, 16 Post st.
FOR sale— 2-chair barber shop; rent $7 50; 8
llvln? rooms; snap. 1547 Mission st.
LOST— May 6. black cocker- spaniel pup; tag
1292; reward $5. 1R17 Mason st.
FOUND — Llewellyn setter do«r; owner can
have rame by paying expenses. 21S Day et.
MEDICAL. — —
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fee*. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience In all
female disorders; call or write. DR.. WHITE,
7C2 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 820 Post it.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1 OPS Mi Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick. or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101 S Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 753 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 28 yrs. exper.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease ot
premises, is permanently located at MIA
Leavenworth St., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded; confidential.
DR. EMILIA FUNKE, 1416 8th st., Alameda.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; IS years' ex.;
private. Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny st.
DR. r.OSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. corner
2t'th; ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
YOU can obtain relief; women only. DR. R.
H. WESTON, 305 Kearny St.
DR. and MRR DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112B Market »t.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOK^ 8JLLH.~*~
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery.' McIN-
TO8H -\WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? "
Repair It with elatnrtte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; befit for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
2D-IIAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought. sold,
- rented aci exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks In the one and preserve the
.new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 1428.
A— FINE suits, $7 50; dress "pants, $2 50. Orig-
Inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 239 Kearny st.,
near Bush: open to 8 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-25C Epear st.
FOR sale — 100 H. P. firebox . marine boiler In
fine condition; cheap. Bay City Iron Works,
Oakland. ¦ . ¦¦ ¦ , ¦ '¦
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 60.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St., near
Pise; open to Op. m. : Sundays to noon. '
SINGER Sowing Machine office. 2244 Mission
st.; all , kinds rented, repaired; low rates.
FOR sale-'-Moming' paper route; over COO. Ap-
ply-B.. box 3373. Call J
. . . . ¦ - '- •*
. JTLATS FOR SALE — MIL. ......
\ ;HA?».OAIN ir taken ot mcr; rice oar]"Hs
* n:id fUfulslilnCs ot new raaojr Orooni flat for
"_•*•!». 04 Walter, bet. 14th and IJhiboce i'ark.
1 C KOOMS and bath; furr.!; fbcfl complete; to l»e
•-'¦'Id imnM-d'.aiely at a sacr.ticc: central loca-
tion. A. B. SMITH CO.. 12S-132 Ellis ftl
b-QOOM flat, furnished; will sell for $2.'f».
'* j>artif\« leavlr.c city: rent $20; rooms rente J
" .;«r.y rent and rs*. Box 1U7*. Call.
AT* a Mi<TlScc — A n«-«!y f-jrr.ifhed flat cf 8
• ' rooms and bRth. Apply 7S3 Eddy r\.
EX-UASffT furr.!f!>ed fiat for ESJe; open for In-
Bpc£tloo from in a. m. to 4 p. ra. 1427 OrM.
FT/falf- Furniture <,r a five-room Cat; very
reasons i;lc. 7' a Madlfcn ave.
I'l'RNlTTI.r: nf 4-rocm modern flat; 2 rooms
-flays rer.t. Ci:» Stevenson t-t.
VAN. tfBSM ave, MiT — For sa'e cheap, fur-
niture ©; a 7-room flat.
A BARGAIN— 7-rocms, bath; completely fur-
r'fcbf.d; chff.p rent; So. J'aik. liox 3_>«. Call.
" ' % m;i.r tv a % T_ » — F k m ale.
A JJlT.FE for one child, $30; references from
fas"t place ne?e«?ar>.
"A Isun.iress who will <!-> some chamber-
work, private family. $35.
A vrjhltnM for restaurant In city. $9 week.
! A ouok for plain bcardlne-house city $40
- A la'jrArvts and chambermaid. $30 '
A ccok for hotel, country $5f>; lb roo<1
¦Srfond r!r!<. 525 cr.d $30. . Call at MI33
.TU'XXETTS, 425 Gutter St.. near Powell;
•• otf.re bp— tm, P:30 a. m. to 5:«0 p. m.
"A •WAITT'.F.!?? for mall family: no other
work: $30j see lady here Mon<1ay. MISS
' PLEXKETT. 425 Putter St.. near Powell.
LAI'Y clerk, for. this of floe, pome one about 25
vears old. slr.gle, acquainted with city; pre-
• _Jer one who can rpe^-k German or Scandina-
vian: permanent position to rljrht party. J.
.-.-: IV CEO-STT & CO.. 334 Sutter Et.
A-WANTED — Girls to learn hairdreisirxg,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
XT. 2 weeks; $5 to tho*e entering now; 3 po-
r'.tlors to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 p»r week up; leading school is
• West. 2U3 Geary st.. room 13.
A— -Girls to learn mllllnerr now for spring sea-
Bon; both reasons' taught from start to finish
In t month for $15; pc— Ition* «s trimmers,
salesladtes. etc.. guarantee at $10 per wk up;
.<!ay ari evening cias*. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
,A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslnf
traCi-. manicuring, message, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket ei.. cor. Jones, room J*4; positions secured
et fclchest wa*t-s«: day cr.d eve. class; call.
A GERMAN frlrl to a«!*t a elx-year-old boy
in .;',¦-> work; $20; call to-day. 1305
Van .".¦>. a— •.
A — OSTRATOPJ3 on Ja-lles waists. 650 Mission
et # ., third floor.
A — OPERATOr.S on ladies' underwear. 65C
.Mission St., third floor.
A-rOPERATORS en ladles' wash skirts. C3ft
Mlstiun ft., third floor.
-•WAIST har.fi* and Improvers wanted at 1407
.La£*iTia rt.
: .. V for p^neral housework; small family;
.. tcultr: (rood wage*. 2115 Broderlck st.
YOUNO fa-!y to tcr.3 Welsbach Ilcht store. Call
1 . a. m.. 3152 Sixteenth «t,
WANTED — An experienced nurse girl; call In
•> «T-.ornlng. 1703 Port st.
W" ANTE I) — A first -clues Improv er on walrts
„ :ii.<i. Fklrts. Itoom C2. Ft. Ann's building.
.. . . ¦ i
T«v.I>ENTEr» amateur performers. Apply at
' i.Jmtef. <i p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.'
WANTED— Experienced dry good* saleswomen.
"3pply et HALE BROS.' between 9 and 11
"" a...m.
\tXNTED — Experienced alteration hands on
S. * eklrt« and Jackets. App!y at HALE BROS.'.
« h«*tw een S and 1 1 a. ra.
FOL'R mature women to be placed at once with
* whcles-a!e hi/Uff. referencf-p and bond re-
quired. Bex :»C1. Call effice.
A GIRL to do «econd housework and attend
to boy 5 years old. Apply to 2500 Green f-t.,
corner Scott.
'EXPERIENCED tu<-k«rs »n<i operators on
.- ehirt waists. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market.
V'AXTED — A young servant ifirl ; German pre-
ft*nwt. Ct.ll at 703 Wp1» ter Kt.
•i ; , 1 — _ :
.WANTED — An experienced finieher on coats.
«.4;!9 gtevgrson st.
PANTS finishers and good sewers. 2i5 Seventh
street.
•-ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions revived at
fall branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ets.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
' • cf advertisement* and rubscriptlons has been
']¦'"•'¦ st 100$ Market st.. opposite Fifth.
» Opi™. ur,»;l 11 n. m.
'¦" •
IIKLi* WASTED MAI.::.
- .
A*T THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
14. Third M., near Call b:dg.; phone Bu«h 405.
THJC STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
t\ GOVERNMENT WORK.
r 25 t»»mfl(-r«, $>;" ZA> a month.
. 15 latx.rfrs, $60 a month.
ID cylllers, rockmen, hammermen, $73.
'
„ 2,-men to cut pine wood, 4 Wt. $1 25 a cord.
KOR THE SAWMILLS.
4. lumber rulers. $-"J a day. «hip to-day.
. 4 •'injiber tilers) and yardmen. %Z,Z menth end
* board. American preferred.
" 4 m:II hands. $35 a month and board.
• 2 teamsters, sawmill company, SIsklyou Co.,
JCi a mi, nth and board.
Kor 1(» DiiTertnt Lumber Companies.
_34 ifneral bawmill and yardmen and men
*for -.:."- woods, $30 to $Mr a month and
"Uftrd.
4 "mm to handle lumber on the wham 'es, $35
•-.•••a' month and board.
. <.*rp*-nter helper, city, $2 25 a day.
5 carpenters, city and Oakland, 8 h., $3 day.
. i<"> lal>orer*, $1 75 to $2 a day.
. " .ranch hands. Boooma Co.. $29 a month
r ]. . ) .i:;..
• Cook" and 2 helper*, sawmill co.. $120 a
month. 60 to SO men.
y ¦¦- wife and helper to cook, $120 a month.
t»u« Natt, cook, tiieape call.
CAL. KMT'. AGENCY. 14 Third st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
CX Commercial st. — 03H.
Phone Main I15»l — Near Kearny et.
NEVADA. FIlEE FARE If you etay 4
months, fee $1. ehip to-nifht — GO laborers,
t tmrfr* «r.d rockmen, $2, $2 25; S laborers.
HIKE FAKE.?* hours, $2; FREE FARE,
• NEW n. H. .WORK. FEE $1 — 10 2-borse
teamsters. 10 laborers. $2; YEAR'S JOB.
NORTH. C laborer!., you'll Ac. $2 25 day, sc«
u* atiout this: S fanners. $30 fd., eame ranch.
• • f/V* fare; 2 milkers, boss here, $1 fare. $35
¦ 4- gotfd plat-* ; farmer, handy with tools;
t'riiige carpcnt.T. near city; 2 cooks. $40 fd.:
«*alt«fr; ttitrn r*fnter. $4 60 day north; 2
timber-— en, north, $90; 2 tunnel-men, co.
work. $»<>.
'. AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY,
»S Third st. Telephone Main M2L
Nevada; t*amrters $2 25; cheap fare; 8 hours.
Nevada; laborers $2; cheap fare; 8 hours.
Bench hand* and cabinetmakers. $3 50.
Stablemen, city. $2 50; coopers, $2 50, near
•Hty.
.^hir.rle bolt cutter* Sonoma Co., $1 go cord.,
.. W<xj<Jcbepp*rs. $1 25. Jl M cord, fir, pine.
liiarkhmith, Mendocino Co., $3.
Drillers, tunnrl. Cal.. $2 50. free fare.
*J_ti:rc«d famfters. <'al., $2 83. long Job.
Cook. Sonoma Co., $45 and found.
Ranch hand. Santa Clara 0ft£ $.'MJ and found.
Cl-nient worker, must be a good finisher, good
pay •«« bo*e here.
HOHD & SMITH.
A— CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT AGCY.,
'-;.'. Washington st.: phone .ii, »,.•). ZM1.
We *hlp daily to Nevada: G©\»-rnm<»nt dltrh
work, 8'liours ; fpe^ial cheap fere; laborers $2.
~ Rockmen, $2 25; t<*— iwtTK, f2 25 day.
Woodcutter, factor}-, $3 50 day; cheap fare;
¦UBiflj job.
• T'-arrjj'tf it , m-w electric R. R.. fr<v» fare, $2.
Carriage painter, *trip<T and varnlcher. $3 Z>0
4 more, woodchoppers. $1 75 cord; <-heap fare!
Camp oook for 0 or 7. long Job. $30 found.
lUtyr, Fa&h and door factory. $1 2£ to $1 50
day. «-h«*s;) fare.
Kirst-ota** rard^n^r. understands (greenhouse
•private piece. $:w» and found.
» L. H. CUTTINC8 & CO.
AT C JV UA.VSES & CO. .Employment Offlr-e
42*/ l;ush Kt «_ Clay st.
For Summer rtesort.
Bakrf and pastry cook $00
jSeeona cook $60
Tor Nevada — Government Work.
Tean1?trr«. laborers. rockm»n $2 - $2 L0
:C. R. HAXSEN & CO Employment Office
.. 425 Burfa fet «;t2 Clay «t.
BED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
CC2 Cla> ft. Phone Jarnos 247«t
Cook.* country hotel, $40 month and found.
Bench 'linds. Yolo Co.. $00 mo. & beard.
Harvest hands, $1 BO to ?2 day end boarJ.
* NEW B Ii. .1VOI1K. NORTH.
• Tr-arr.ster* S2 25 day; laborer?. $2 day;
«'ood turner bench haKrfu, milkers we.
BED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
' «O2 Clay st.. near Mon'^omery.
A MAN nr.d wife for private family In country,
ft/0- «sn for outride work: woman for cook-
ir.p. MIPS I'LirNKETT'S. 425 Sutter st..
nr. Powell; office hours, 8:30 a.m.-ti:30 p.m.
4—HOTEL OAZKTTE. 23 Montgomery st.,r.l2
— Bc'llboy. $10; hotel clerk. $25. »United States Coast and Oeodetle Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
the Superintendent. j
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; tha height
of tide Is the same at both p'aces.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. For. V Sails.
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. May 9
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. May 10
Humboldt.... Bkagway <fc Way Ports. May 11
Corwln Nome May 12
Cottage City. Ekagway Si. Way Ports. May IS
Santa Ana... Valdez & Way Ports.. May 16
Dlrigo Skagway & Way Ports. May 19
Nome City... Nome May 25
Nine teams entered the competition,
which proved the most interesting yet
held for the handsome challenge cups.
The handicapping was fairly well
close and the matches, as a rule, were
closely contested.
By far the best match of the day
Herbert Schmidt and Harry Rolfe
and Chester Smith and Ray Cornell
were the successful teams In the
handicap doubles tournament yester
day at the California Tenni3 Club. By
playing good, consistent tennis
throughout the day they downed all
their opponents and reached the 'final
round.
Schmidt and Rolfe nnd Smith and Cor
nell Will Meet in Final
Round.
TWO TENNIS TEAMS REMAIN
IN HANDICAP TOURNE^
1 was the one in the semi-final round
between Herbert Schmidt and Harry
Rolfe and Will Allen and R. T. Craw
ford. Both of these teams had won
*the cups and this match meant con
siderable to them.
From the start It could be seen that
the handicap of "owe 2-6," which.
Crawford and Allen allowed, was
about right, though their opponents
won the first four games. Allen and
Crawford did not strike their gait un
til this lead waa scored against them,
but they soon had the score 5-5. From
this time on there was some splendid
tennis, which created much excite
ment among the spectators. After re
quiring but one point to win the set
on three different occasions Rolfe and
Schmidt finally lost by a 13-13 score.
The second set was much the same
as the first. Schmidt and Rolfe took
a long lead at the start, but Allen and
Crawford evened the score at 5-5.
Schmidt and Rolfe took the next two
games handily. In the third set Allen
and Crawford seemed tired and
Schmidt and Rolfe won by a 6-1 score.
Ray Cornell and Chester Smith were
In splendid form in both their
matches. They allowed large handi
caps to Dr. Noble and Pritchard and
Dr. Lovegrove and Daggett. Cornell".-!
smashing and lobbing of both players
was particularly good.
The scores of ths tournament fol
low: •
Preliminary round — Dr. Noble ar.<1 Prltch
ard (20) beat M. Johnson an'l F. etrVnstham
(owe 4-6). €-1 e-4.
First round — Dr. Lovejrrove and H. FJ. Pag
gett (15.1-C) beat J. D. MacGavln and A. Bey
fuss (owe 4-6). 6-1. K-2; C. Smith and R. B.
Cornell (owe 4-6) beat Dr. Noble aivl Prltchan!
(30>. «-4. «.2: II. Roife ana H. Schmidt (owe
4-«) beat F. Mitchell and H. Long (owe 4-6>.
1-0. 6-1. 6-4:' W. AU<-n ami R. T. Crawler!
15) beat C. Keufcn and H. E. Punnett
(15). 0-7, 6-0.
Semi-finals— C. Smith and R. Cornell beat
Dr. Lovecrove and K. Daxsm. 6-1, 3-6, 6-2:
H. Rolfe and H. Schmidt beat W. Aii«a and
R. Crawford. 13-13^ 7.5, «.*.
FROM SEATTLE.
Charles and Gusta Tichner to Anton N.
Batrhia. lot en S line of McAllister street 100
K of Lyon. K 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Morris and Emma Siminoff to Cora A. Morse,
lot on SE corner of Oak street and 11 a sonic
avenue. S CO by E 80; $10.
Pecific Improvement Company to Delia E.
Keeks, lot on W line of Clayton street, 60 S of
Carl S 25 by W 100; $10.
Henrietta Slttenfeld to Annie L. Gleeson. lot
on N line of Fulton street, V28:1O W of Parker
avenue. W 25. N 120.01. NE 23.01, S 119.77;
$10.
BarUett !*. and Bridget Jones to Morton R.
Gibbons, lot on S Hue of Washington street,
100 E of First avenue. E 2S:3»i by rf
127:8';: *5.
Andrew T. Corbus to Julian Sonntag, lot on
W line of Landers street. 110 N of Fifteenth.
N 100 by W 125; $10.
Ida H. and George W. Dennis Jr. to F. C.
Keck, lot on NW corner of Twenty-sixth and
Castro streets. N 20:6 by W SO; $10.
Herbert A. Walsh to Mary C. Steers (wife *C
Harry H.). rbt on N line of Valley street,. 101
W of Sanchez, W 25 by N 114; $10.
Jane Birdcall to Charles E. Erickson, lot on
S l:ne oj Elizabeth *tr«*t. 228:5 E of Douglass,
E 25:10' hy S 114; $10.
Oncar Hryman to Carlo . Lecarl, lot on NW
corner of Lombard and Mason streets, W S2:6
by N 60; $10.
James Kennedy to John J. and Jamea F.
Kennedy. lot on NW line of Natoma street, 200
Benjamin, I^ewla and Harriet M. Williams to
George II. Kahn, lot on N line of Jackson
street. 27:6 E of Devlsadero, E 82:6 by N
102:SK; $10.
Gustavr L. and Emma L. Bresse to Thomaa
G. Crotncr* lot on N line of Pacific street, 40
E of Baker. SZ 20 by N 127:8 ',4; $10.
John and Mary Lee. Henry M. and Georgy
L. Wbltely to Charles G. Gebbardt. lot on S
line of Broadway. 100 W of Broderlck. W 50,
S 127:tsli. E 12:0, S It:9%. V 37:6; N 137:8; $10.
Estate of Jamea Scoble (by George Bennett
and A. P. Black, executors) to Frederick L.
and Rose U Pritchard, lot on N line of Oak
street. 109:6 E of Steiner. E 40 by N 137:0;
$4800.
Acnes A. Scoble to same, same; $10.
Wlnslow and Bertha L. Anderson to James
B. Duggan, lot on S line of Pacific avenue, £7:6
E of Lasuna, E 25 by S 127:SK: $10.
Peter Flack to Madalena Meyer, lot. on SW
corner of Geary and Laguna streets, W 31:4^6
by S 137:6; $&00.
City and County of San Francisco to M. Jen
nie Armstrong, lot on N line of Broadway,
137:0 W of Laguna street, W 32:6 by N 137:0;
SATURDAY, MAT 7.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
BAN DON— Arrived May 7— Stmr Elizabeth,
hence May - 4 .
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed May 8— Schr Alice
Cooked for San Francisco. ¦ - vsacaaSQHaMNMM
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed May S— Stmr
|Acme. for San Francisco. ¦ - ¦.,
SAN' PEDRO— Sailed May 8— Stmr Melville
Dollar, for San Francisco; bktn Portland, for
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed in May 7— Schr Spokane,
hence April 28, for- Port Gamble, and not
'stmr Spokane,-, aa previously reported.
. POINT LOBOS. May 8. 10 p m— Weather
hasy and calm.
> , CORRECTION.
ARRIVED.
-, Sunday, May 8.
Stmr Alcazar. Wlnkel, 60 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Nome City. BonlOeld. 40 hours from
Ean Pedro.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 9. hours from San
Vlncente Landing
Stmr Gipsy, Leland,.lS hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 17 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Pientlsss. Ahlstrom. M hours from
Portland, via Astoria 87 hours.
Stmr Maggie. Corning .4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Pindlng. 9 days from
Comox. B C.
Stmr G C Llndauer. Allen, 68 houra from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Arctto, Nelson. 23 hours from Eureka,
Schr Olga. Waldwick, 2 daya from Eureka.
Schr Defender, Helllngi>en, 88 days from
Puako. • ,
Schr Mary C, Campbell. 9 hours>(rom
Bodega.
SAILED.
Sunday, .May S.
US stmr Gedney. Dickins. Seattle.
Stmr Maggie. Corning Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Jahnsen, Port Rodgers.
Htmr Chilkat. Hyvarlnen. Comox, B C, with
launch in tow.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexnander. San Diego
and way ports.
Stmr Chas Nelaon Gunderson, Seattle, with
schr O M Kellogg In tow.
Stmr Alcazar, Winkel.
Stmr Nome City. Bonifleld, Ban Pedro.'
Fr bark Amlral de e Cornuller, Humbert,
Queenstown. ¦
Bark St Katherlne. Saunders, Hllo.
ficbr Ida A, Campbell Point Reyes.
Schr Maria E Smith, Smith. Puget Sound.
Stmr Eureka. Jeesen. Eureka.
Schr Viking. . Estvold. Grays Harbor. j
Schr OM Kellogg. Iverson, Eureka, in tow
of stmr Chas Nelson.
Schr Berwick. Jacobsen. Rogue River.
TELEGRAPHIC."
Shipping Intelligence.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 8— Stmr Celtic,
from Liverpool and* Queenstown: stmr St Paul,
from Southampton;, stmr Umbrla. from Liv
erpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May . S — Stmr Etru
ria.-. from , New York; stmr Arabic, from New
York. ,
Sailed May 7— Stmr Numldlan for New
York.
GENOA — Arrived •' May 8 — Stmr Canopic,
from ¦ Boston. 1 ¦ ¦ . ¦
GIBRALTAR— Arrived May 8— Stmr Sla
vonla. from New .York.
MO VILLE — Arrived Hay 8— Stmr Columbia,
f rom - New - York. • \
- GLASGOW— Sailed May 8— Stmr Sicilian,
for Quebec and Montreal. ja&gyaeaffigi
LONDON — Sailed May. 8 — Stmr Hungarian,
from Glasgow. ¦ for Montreal.
¦ QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 8— Stmr Cam
pania, ; from Liverpool, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VICTORIA, B C— Arrived May 8— Stmr
Cottage City, from Skagway and Seattle;
stmr Umatllla, hence May 5.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS. ',
HONOLULU— Sailed May 8 — Br stmr Aor
angl. for Sydney; bark Gerard C Tobey...for
San Francisco.
Arrived May 8 — U S utmr Thoma?, hence
April 30 for Manila; Chit bark Royal Sover
eign, from nitrate ports; bark R P Rlthet,
hence April 24. .
Tacoma; stmr W. H. Kruger, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived May 8 — Stmr Cottage
City, from Victoria. • - ' ¦
ASTORIA — Sailed May 8— Stmr Aurella. for
Ran Francisco; schr.C S Holmes, ¦ for San
Francisco
SEATTLE — Arrived May, 7. midnight— Stmr
Santa Barbara, hence May S.
Sailed May 8— Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco. i •
Arrived May 8 — Stmr Umatllla. hence May 5.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed May 8— Stmr
State of California, for San Francisco; stmr
Bonlta. for San Pedro •
PORT TOWNSENr>-ArrIved May 8— Schr
Oceania Vance, from. San Diego.
Sailed May 8 — Br ship Castle Rock, from
Port Blekeley, for Freemantle.
- PORT BLAKELEY — Sailed May 8 — Schr
Polaris,* for Manila; schr Blakeley, for San
Francisco.
Arrived May 8 — Schr Meteor, from San
Pedro: schr Sequel, from Olympla-
TATOOSH— Passed in May 8— Bark Diamond
Head, hence April 2* for Port Blakeley.
Passed out May 8— Schr Alice Cooke. from
Port Ludlow. ¦ for San Francisco.
COOS BAT — Arrived May 8 — Stmr Arcata,
hence May 3.
Sailed" May 8 — Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco. ' i j
Gedney Sails for Seattle,
The United States Survey steamer Gedney.
Captain Dlcklns. sailed yesterday for Seattle.
LO8 ANGELES. May 8.— Mrs. Robert J.
Burdette has given out an authoritative state
ment that she Is not know and will not be a
candidate for the presidency of the Federation
of Women's Clubs, which will meet In St.
Louis during the coming summer.
Official Trips in July.
The United States battleship Ohio will have
her official trials In July. She will In all prob
ability go into commission in September.
lippnrla Attracts Crowds.
The Italian cruiser Llgurla was again vis
ited by a great crowd of visitor* yesterday,
notwithstanding the unusual warm weather.
Cloudy weather prevails over the northern
portion oC the Pacific Slope and fair over
pouthern. Light showers have fallen over
Northern "Washington. The pressure has fall
en over the western portion of the country.
The temperature has fallen in "\he vicinity
of Point Conception and Los Angeles and also
over the Puget Sound region; elsewhere on the
Pacific Slope It has risen. Temperatures ex
ceeding 00 de«ree« are reported from the in
terior of California. At San Francisco th«
temperature was 86 decrees, which la th»
highest thia season. At Mt. Tamalpais it wa«
77 degrees and at the Farallon Island It wai
r«:t dcgiees or 33 degrees lower than at Saa
Francisco.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 9:
Northern California — Fair Monday; con
tinued warm in the interior, cooler along tha
coast In the. afternoon: fresh westerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light wese
wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francl«co and vicinity — Fair Monday!
cooler Monday afternoon; fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAX*
FORECAST.
. The transport Thomaa arrived at Honolulu
yesterday. She left here April 30. She had on
board the Twenty-eighth and. Ninety-second
companies. Coast Artillery, bound for that
port, \
Tbonia-s at Honolulu.
8tcamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
May 9.
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Acapulco. ;. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier 20
Kay 10.
Newburg... Giays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Senator.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 11.
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 in Pier 13
Sequoia.... Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
S. Cruz Ban Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
May 12. ¦
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River..... S pm Pier 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier 2
G. W. Eldet Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Amer. Marul China &¦ Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor pier —
Kay 13.
Spokane.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
May 14.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Jeanle. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 20
San Pedro. . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Aurella Astoria & Portland 12 m Pier 2
Hay 15.
Bonlta Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Forts. 11 am Pier 9
May 17. .
Oregon Aetoris fc Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 18.
Nome City. Nome via Seattle Pier —
May 19.
China China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Sails From Honolala.
The transport Sherman sailed from Honolulu
yesterday for this port. Bhe is bringing home
the Twenty-ninth Infantry from the Phil
ippines.
TO SAIL.
The following vessels are quoted for re
insurance: Lamorna, seventy-two days from
Tacoma to Queenstown, 90 per cent; Lamorl
ciere. 187 days from New Caledonia to Glas
gow, 80 per cent; Alba, 176 daya from New
York to Brisbane, 10 per cent.
Overdues.
The Merchants' Exchange reports that the
Chilean bark Royal Sovereign arrived at Hono
lulu yesterday, acventy-flve days from the
west coast Of South America, with a cargo of
nitrate.
Roynl Sovereign at Honolulu.
stations, a -||g|§ I? ?
• c c ; • S
: 2 3 : : ;
Baker 1 SO.OS fi« 32 SE Cloudy .00
Carson 29.96 74 SO E Cloudy .On
Eureka SO.OS 6C 41 N Clear .00
Fresno 29. H2 »4 52 NW Clear .0<>
Farallon 29.90 63 60 NW Clear .no
Flagstaff 29. US «4 44 E Clear .0»>
Pocatello 30.16 62 20 W Clear .00
Independence .29.90 So 50 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles... 29. Sfi 8O 52 W Pt.Cldy .<*>
Mt. Tamalpa!s29.!»4 7S 66 N Clear .00
North Head... 30. IS 62 4.8 NW Cloudy .<U
Phoenix 29.72 68 CS SE Clear .tX>
Pt Reyes Lt.29.83 71 49 NW Clear .<*>
Portland 30.10 66 42 • NW Cloudy .CO
Red Bluff ...2U.S6 92 66 S Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.W 8i 66 N Clear .00
Salt Lake ...30.20 6O 36 W Clear .00
San Francisco. 29. «S Sfi 64 W Clear .00
8 L. Oblspo.. 29.86 68 48 NW Clear .no
Fan Diego ...29.84 66 M SW Cloudy .CK>
Seattle S0.20 64 42 W Cloudy Tr.
Spokane BO. 14 6O 04 S Cloudy Tr.
Tat<iosh 3O.2O 44 44 E Pt.Cldy .04
•Walla Walla.. SO. 08 6S 40 W Pt.Cldy .00
•y/uma ...29.72 9ft e2 SW Clear .00
The training ship Mohican sailed Saturday
for Olongopo. Philippine Islands, to remain
there as a station ship. For several years she
has been stationed at Goat Island., and has
been making periodical trips up and down the
coast.
Mohican Sails for Olongopo.
THE COAST RECOHD.
Steamer. From. Due.
O. Dollar Gray* Harbor May 9
W. Kruger..- San Pedro : May 9
Santa Cruz.. *i Han Tedro &. Way Pts. May 9
Centralia.... I San 1'edro " May »
M. Dollar San Pedro May 9
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... May 9
Arctic Humbolflt May 9
State of Cal.. San DUgo & Way Pts. May »
Mackinaw... Tacoma May »
Arcata • Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. May 10
Orarlna Cooa Bay direct May 10
Elizabeth Coqullle River May 10
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma May 10
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 10
Aurella Portland & Astoria..... May 10
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. May 10
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor May 10
Alameda Honolulu May 10
Eureka Humboldt May 11
Spokane Humboldt May 11
CItyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports |.May 11
Coronado San Pedro v JMay 12
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena May 12
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. May 12
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. May 12
Argo Eel Kiver Ports (May 13
j'eru New York via Panama. IMay 13
North Fork.. | Humboldt May 14
Doric ] China A Japan May. 14
Oregon Portland & Aatorla May 14
Rainier | Seattle & Whatcom.... May 14
8. Barbara...! Seattle & Olympia May 15
Umatllla I PuKet Sound Ports.... May 16
Boroma Sydney & Way Ports. May 16
Serapls Hamburg & Way Pts. May 17
. San Juan.... New York via Panama. May lft
Centennial;;; Seattle & Tacoma May 18
Alliance I Portland & Way Pta.. May 13
Rudder Post Put In.
The O. R. *nd N. Co.'s steamship Columbia
Is again on the'drydock to have her new rud
der poet put in. Bhe will leave the dock, by
the middle of the week, and will resume her
regular trips or. her run to Portland on
May 17.
TO ARKIVE.
Movements of. Steamers.
Harrv G. Owen, an officer of the British
collier Wyefleld. reported at the harbor police
station yesterday that at 8 o'clock yesterday
morning, while he was absent from his room.
It was entered by a thief and robbed of $30
In coin, a sliver watch valued at $10, a gold
cha'n worth $5 and a matchbox valued at »5.
Robbery on Wyefleld.
a20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 8 — 5 p. IB.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those cf the same*
date last season and rainfall in last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
-Station*— 24 hour'. Season. Season.
Eureka O.nO €3.27 50. 4>!
Bed Bluff O.OO 31.06 £:. 15
Sacramento O.OO 1«.7!> J«.«2
Han Francisco O.0O 2O.5» 1S.2S
Fresno "00 7.90 S.."«<>
Independence * O.flO 2.57 2..".*
San Lu!« Oblspo O.flO 1C.09 l».4:i
Los Angeles <V»*> S.63 1>.29
San Diego O.OO 4.28 ll.fr*
Weather Report.
T»ie cruiser South Dakota, built by the Union
Iron Works, will be launched about the end of
July. Work is tx>Insr rapidly pushed on the
vessel, and her builders feel sure she will be
rwuly by that time. She Is a sister ship to the
cruiser California. The occasion of the launch
ing will be made memorable by a bis dele-
Ration of the representative people of that
State, headed by the Governor.
Will Soon Be Launched.
The warm weather of yesterday caused the
waterfront to be almost entirely deserted. The
crowds that usually walk along the wharves,
inspect the ships lying alongside and listen to
the fakers and venders of wares were not
there. It looked like a deserted village. The
boathcuses, however, did a thriving business,
a* everybody as.em*d to want to get out on the
water. The crowds about the Immediate vicin
ity of the ferry building were enormous, and a
special relay of six policemen waa detailed to
keep the throng in order.
Water Front Deserted.
The acoir schooner Reglna wa» stramped
early Friday morning when off - Point Rich
mond by a sudden squall, and waa only kept
afloat by the bir load of lumber firmly laehed
to her deck. When the little tug Amalla
went to take her. in tow there waa six feet
of water on her decks. The Amalle got her as
far as Red Rock last night and then she came
to anchor. The tug again tried to tow h«r to
China Basin, but when oft the ferry slip the
strong ebb tide' proved too- much and. aa no
headway was being made, the tug Pilot. Cap
-tam Love, was asked to come to her assist
ance, and the little schooner was finally- landed
in safety on the mud flats of China basin.
Schooner Is Swamped.
Catherine Gllmore to Patrick Mathews, lot
on W line of San Bruno road, 653:4 B of
Twenty-fifth street, S 2»:8 W 63:S}i EJ
77:5^4; $10. '
Bay District Land Company (corporation) to
Fernando Nelson, lot on NB corner of Third
avenue and C street, N 17& by H 120; $10.
Charlea F. Bonne to D. G. and Ella N. Mo-
Millan. lot on W line of Twenty-ninth ave
nup, 200 N of M street, N 100 by W 120; $10.
George D. Edwards to Mary E. Bueknall,
lot on W line of Seventeenth avenue, 86:3 N of
H street, N 328:10 \V 1MO:4. S 828. B5 240;
also lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue. 103:0
N' of It sireet. K 121 :«, W 126. N 114:4, E
131; also lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue.,
1C8:6 S of Q.Ptreet. S 60:6. W 117:7, N 63:1,
K 114:2; also lot on NW corner of Fifteenth
avenue and 8 street, W 255, N 01:8, B 195 :S,
6 to beginning; also lot on NW corner of Fif
teenth avenue and S street, N 74:9, E 137:3,
S 07:9 W 133:10: also lot. on SW corner of
Fifteenth avenue and S street. W 235. S 494:8
E 255:5 N 4flS:9; also lot on SW corner' or
Sixteenth avenue and S street, W 240. ¦ S
137:9. E 94:9. S 320, E 162:2. N 480:11; $1.
James and Sarah de la Montanya to Edwin
B. Mastick, same property as In deed recorded
Auguet 11, 1S07. in liber. 1736, deed 375. re
recorded to correct error in acknowledgment
(see deed in abstracts 1SS0, August 12, 16S7);
$10.
George C. and Elizabeth J. Wright to 8.
Ducas Company (corporation), lot on NW line
of Waylaml and Glrard streets, W 65 by N
100; lots 1 and 2, block 11. University Mound;
$10.
S. Ducas Company to Georjre C. Wright, lot
on N line of Burrows street. 55 W of Holyoke,
W 2C by N 100; lots 21. block S5, Kallroad
Avenue Homestead; 510.
Abraham and Charl<>s Bosensteln to S. Ducas
Company (corporation), lot on NW line of
Burrows street, 100 SW San Bruno, SW 60 by
95*. block 3. University Mound; J10.
Abe Koaensteln to S. Ducas Company (corpo
ration) Ipt on fK line nt Bacon street. 05 SW
of Girard, SW 25 by SB 125, block 11; same;
$10.
William and Anna Pearson to* Caroline
George, lot on W line of Ocean road, 46:6 N
of Diamond alley. NW 134:10, NE 50, SE 150.
SW 46:6, lot 12, block 22, Market-street Home
stead; $10. . ,
Fairmount Loan Association to S. Dueaa
Company (corporation), lot on E line of Wheat
street. 50 N of Salinas, N 60 by E 100; lota
45 and 46, Garden Tract Addition; $10.
K. Ducas Company to Leopold Welnsteln,
came; $10.
KB Eleventh. NE 25 by »W 70s also lot on
SE line of Natoma, 36 NE of Russ, NEJ 25 by
SE 76; $1.
Cora A. Morse to Morris Bimlnoff. lot on
B line of O'Karrell street, 137:8 W of Leaven
worth, W 137:6 by 8 137:6; $10,
Thomas and Margaret Keane to Philip J.
Bailey, lot on SE lino of Silver street, 4H:«
SW of Third BW 30 by SE 80; $10.
Melbourne MacDowell's Marc Antony
has gained greatly In power since the
days when it was subordinated to the
Cleopatra of Davenport. His acting last
night at the Grand Opera-house, while
not that of a great tragedian, was at
least always sincere, and it was often
adequate. The character of the Roman
warrior-statesman, enslaved and be
trayed for love's sake by the snake-like
Queen of Egypt, was well imagined
and clearly suggested. Sardou's six-act
drama "Cleopatra" was staged with
considerable splendor, and the familiar
scenes of temple and palace, the Mem
phian terrace and the thoroughly sat
isfying storm were received by a large
audience with applause. MacDowell's
support is generally competent. Miss
Fuller as the Queen, notwithstanding
the severe cold from which she was
suffering, was really an admirable Cleo
patra, realizing the part in every re
quirement of fpellng and action. Miss
Beldini's Octavla was winning and
convincing, .and it Is to be regretted
that the drama gives her so slight a
role. The Kephren of Robert Elliot pre
sented v the heroic slave with accuracy
to history and much dramatic power.
Of some of the minor members of the
cast the less said the better.
San Francisco's proverbial loyalty to
the stage artist who has pleased her
was again demonstrated last night at
the California Theater, where Ernest
Hastings reappeared after a year's ab
sence from the city and got a reception
that was worth crossing the continent
many times to receive. During his sev
eral seasons as a leading man on
O'Farrell street Mr. Hastings endeared
himself to the matinee girl, and never
was she so numerous at an evening
performance or more applausive at any
time of day than when her Idol made
his first entrance as the Rev. Thaddeus
Strong In "Our New Minister." She
flung flowers and split gloves until he
was compelled to step out of his as
sumed character and eay that he was
ever so glad to be able to again charm
her with his- work. And not satisfied
with thus shattering the atmosphere
of the play, she insisted on having him
repeat is impromptus after the act was
finished. But even if predilection had
not been so strongly at work In his
favor, Mr. Hastings would have made
the Rev. Thaddeus a convincing por
trayal. By personality and tempera
ment he is admirably equipped for -the
part, and never did he appear to be less
of an actor — or so much of one — as
¦when by precept and example he
preached the doctrine of humanity. He
is the only notable change in the cast
since the piece was produced here last
winter, and he certainly excels his pre
decessor in every quality that tends to
appropriate characterization. "Our New
Minister" is on for a two weeks' run.
There are many ways of showing
respect for the great. The Orpheum's
way; when the great happens to be a
elnger, is to request the smoker to
turn himself off tor an olio before the
song. The request was out last night:
"Gentlemen will please remain.'.* etc.
It was in hondc of the debut in Amer
ica of Mme. Slapoffski. who dropped
In here last week from Australia and
was engaged immediately on landing
by that astute impresario, John Mor
risey. The clouds of an olio had rolled
by therefore when the singer made her
appearance. There wasn't even a sin
gle floating blue wisp between one and
the particular gorgeousnesa the Or
pheum calls Its best set. when Slap
offski appeared.
Now, Mr. Morrisey may not be a
Maurice Grau, but he has certainly dis
covered a rarely good singer in Mme.
Slapoffski. She sang the "Jewel Song"
from "Faust" in a fashion that showed
her possessed of a brilliant dramatlo
soprano voice, excellently cultivated
and of large compass. She has further
a strong dramatic Instinct and con
siderable magnetism. The voice loses
in the middle range. It is there veiled
and comparatively weak. But tha
singer's high notes are nothing short
of extraordinary, clear, strong, ring
ing, brilliant, and perfectly even in
quality. Opera, evidently, is Slapoff
ski's metier. She had much ado to
refrain from looking at herself in her
handkerchief— the only substitute for
Marguerite's mirror at hand— or from
hanging some of the scenery round
her neck for the Mephistophelian Jew
els. She has evidently acted the part
both frequently and well.
A "Goodbye" song then showed the
singer in more somber genre and she
here discovered considerable sympathy
and taste. ',j[i V
The "Song of Thanksgiving" of
Fiances Allitsen again was most dram
atically given. Jj'orty-three operas. I
hear, is Mme. Slapoffski's little reper
toire. Nine years of opera with the fam
ous Carl Rosa Opera Company la among
her experiences and altogether the Or
pheum should be put to It this week
to accommodate the soprano's admir
ers. Her name, by the way, is neither
a Joke nor Russian. She Is "England's
greatest prima donna soprano" and
England might do much worse.
George H. Wood, the somewhat dif
ferent comedian. Is second star at
the newcomers. Mr. -"Wood's matter is
amusing— and different— and his man
ner of setting it forth delightfully droll.
Then there is Clara Ballerlnl, who does
a graceful and daring act on the tra
peze; Sager Midgley and Gertie Car
lisle in another of their quaint Sammy
and Sarah sKatches— a trifle slow, and
some clever canines with Slgnor Bal
lerlnl.
The sisters Gasch remain to astonish
with their equilibrist act, with Hal
Davis and Inez Macauley In their live
ly smash-up. "Pals," Brandow and
"Wiley — clever song and dance, and Hal
Merritt in his imitations. It's a good
bill.
BLANCHE PARTINGTOX.
• • •
The following churches are repre
sented In the conference: Protestant
Episcopal Church in the United States:
Presbyterian Church in the United
States; Methodist Episcopal Church;
Methodist Episcopal Church, South:
Reformed Church in America; United
Presbyterian Church; Evangelical Lu
theran Church; the Baptist churches:
the Congregational churches; the Uni
versalist churches: the Unitarian
churches; the Reformed Presbyterian
Church; the Cumberland Presbyterian
Church; the Alliance of the Reformed
churches holding the Presbyterian sys
tem.
Before any civil legislation can be +n«ct*4
which will be operative and quite apart from,
the accord which we are seeking: to secure In
the- man-hire regulations of the Chrtatlan
churches, must come the leavening; o{ the
minds of men and women which shall lift
them toward a recognition of the noblest
dignities or life.
We plead for a recognition of the sanctity
of marriage. We are facing a condition in our
country to-day which threatens danger to the
most sacred things. The -very sanctity of
human life and oC human love Is assaulted
and profaned. Womanhood, manhood and
childhood, the hom« and the family are In
volved and neither civil legislation nor
ecclesiastical discipline can save them, until
the conscience of Christian humanity la
reached. Behind the monster of polygamy,
behind the spectacle of the divorce court, with
its collusions. Us corruptions and its con
tagion, stands the sad tact of the low ideal of
marriage.
Marriage is a holy thine;. Marriage Is the
institution of God himself, and is sanctified
under -the solemnities of the old sanction by
our blessed Lord. This Is the root of the
matter. Reformation must begin here. " Chil
dren must be taught It. \ Young men and young
women must be made to feel It. Protected in
purity, boy and girl, man and . woman alike
must be trained to look with reverent eyes
upon the holiness of this estate and upon its
mysterlousnesd as something | higher and
deeper and larger than can be measured or
reached by the low ideas of. convenience, of
worldly advantage, of the gratification of pas
sion, or by the light and easy estimate of the
consent of the passing personal fancy and the
mutual recognition of the civil contract. -
The hooe of curing and crushing the horri
ble tendencies to frequent divorce rtsts, we
believe, upon impressing and inculcating such
Intense conviction of what marriage la and of
what marriage means; that it will cease to
be entered into "unadvisedly *>r lightly":
that the festivity which accompanies it shall
be sobered and consecrated by the conscious
presence of him who adorned and beautified
the marriage at Cana. In Galilee, by his pres
ence, and the first miracle that he wrought:
that neither man nor woman shall dare to
enter the precincts of betrothal . without the
tested certainty of love, with the full recogni
tion cf the mutual duty of service. ! forbear
ance and faithfulness which it Involves.
What words can we find to express the ab
horrence which oueht to rise In righteous In
dignation aealnst the present possibilities and
the existing facts of the divorce habit in
America? Just now polygamous Utah looms
larse and UKly in our minds. But we must
look nearer home to realize the true condition
of things. The proportion of divorces to mar
riages In 1902 In eight Statea reporting statis
tics is as follows: In Maine. 1 to 6; in New
Hampshire, 1 to 8.3: In Vermont, 1 to 10: In
Massachusetts, 1 to 10; In Rhode Island. 1 to
8: in Ohio. 1 to 8.8; In Indiana. 1 to 7.6: In
Michigan. 1 to 11. In these States there has
been a steady and rapid increase in the di
vorces during the decade, and thiB Increase Is
believed to be true of the country at large.
The fear of legalized polygamy In one State
is enhanced by the fact of unholy divorce in
many States. The voices of Christian people
must be lifted against tht?, not only to se
cure civil legislation, not only to enforca
church discipline, but to correct the tendency,
to control the Inclination and to condemn the
fact. We are pleading for the home, for th-»
family, for the children born and to be born,
for the protection of society and for the pren
ervatlon o* the state. We ask you to unite
with us In earnest effort, bo that more and
more the manhood, the womanhood and th»
childhood of America may make itself heard
and felt. In the determined purpose to stem
the currents which are papplng the foundation
of all that is best and holiest and dearest in
human life.
PHILADELPHIA, May* 8.— The In
terchurch Conference on Marriage and
Divorce, a body representing officially
fourteen leading denominations, has is
sued through Its secretary. Rev. Will
iam II. Roberts, D. D., an appeal to
the public calling attention to several
aspects of the divoce question.
The paper Is the beginning of a na
tional campaign of education on the
subject, to be followed by efforts to se
cure the enactment of laws in the State
Legislatures, and ultimately, it Is
thought, of an amendment to the con
stitution of the United States.
' Already action has been taken by
the conference looking toward the pre
vention or the remarriage by ministers
of other communions, of divorcees
whom clergymen of their own faith
have refused to marry.
This movement .is the first occasion'
of any sort upon. which the representa
tives of the great denominations have
officially come together. The members
of the conference include many of the
most eminent ecclesiastics and laymen
in the churches.
Dr. Roberts said in part:
She brings 12,291 bags of sugar -and
45 bundles of hides to Hind, Rolph &
Co.
The schooner Defender arrived In
port late yesterday afternoon after a
voyage of thirty-eight days from
Puako, Hawaiian Islands. Much.ap
prehension had been felt about the
stanch little vessel,' as she usually
makes tho run in about twenty days.
The longest run she had ever made
previously was twenty-four days, so
there was some alarm for her safety.
Captain Hellingsen reports that the
reason for the long passage was that
for nine days after leaving Puako lack
of winds caused him to remain in eight
of that place. On the tenth day, how
ever, he got under way and experi
enced light northerly airs for the rest
of the voyage. .
Ernest Hastings Makes Hit
at California— Melbourne
MacDowell as Marc Antony
Movement Will Embrace
Concerted Effort to Amend
Laws and the Constitution
Bay Trader Eegina Is Struck
v by Squall, but Lumber Pre
vents Her Froit Sinking
PLANNING A CEUSADE
OLD FAVOEITEEETUKNS
SMALL VESSEL SWAMPED
Ministers of Many Churches
Will Unite to Protect
Sanctity of Marriage ,Kite
Schooner Defender Delayed
by Calms and Light. Winds
Finally , Comes Into Port
Madame Slapoffski's Songs
Show That She Has Much
Talent as Clever Soprano
ARRIVES AFTER
LONG VOYAGE
The Native Sons and Daughters will
be invited to the exposition to-morrow
night and both organizations will
assist in making visitors welcome and
will further entertain them with a
programme made up 'of special fea
tures. --.-
The Chinese residents will visit the
exposition to-night and under the di
rection of the Six Companies will bo
given samples of California foodstuffs
and other products of which at p,res
ent they know nothing. Interpreters
will be present to explain the exhibits.
A special programme has been ar
ranged for Chinese night and the gen
eral public will be given a treat while
viewing the vast throng of Chinese
dressed for the occasion in their gayly
colored gowns. Many of the leading
families of the Chinese quarter will
attend. -*:; ¦-¦¦
A biff crowd was present yesterday
evening at the industrial exposition
given under the direction of the Re
tail Grocers' Association. The Ger
man residents were the guests of
honor and the executive committee ar
ranged a special programme for them.
Celestials Will Bo Given an Object
Lesson In California Products To-
Nlsht nt Mechanics' Pavilion.
WILL OPPOSE
DIVORCE LAWS
ORPHEUM BILL
IS PLEASING
CHINESE RESIDENTS XVUjL"
VISIT PURE FOOD FAIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 0, 1904.
MONDAY. MAT 9.
Bun rlst« S:OS
Sun sets 7:07
Moon rises ..1:54 a. m.
O jTlmel JTlme Time) Time •
P ( 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
» |L W| „ |H W L W| H W
"i 1:25 2.7 7:12 3.8 1:10 1.5 8:05 fU>
10 2:10 2.1 8:14 3.0 1:54 1.7 8:40 fi.l
11 2:52 l.S 9:07 4.2 2:35 1.9 9:10 6.2
32 3:23 1.0 10:00 4.4 3:12 2.0 0:40 B.2
13 4:C2 0.5 10:47 4.5 3:50 2.2 10:00 G.5
14 4:S8 O.0 11:»l 4.4 4:27 2.3 10:39 . B.ft
15 I 5:20 — 0.3|12:21 4.C| 5:Ct> 2.5J11:1O 6.6
NOTK — In the a bay* exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the lei t
band column and the successive tides of tn«
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives tbc last tide of the
day /except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights Riven are In
addition to the sounding of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (—0
sign precedes' the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth clven by
the charts. The plane of reference ts tbt mean
of the lower low waters. I
10
KOOUS TO LET— Fnrn. «n«l Cnfnrit. |
O-FA imELL, lV:*^-La rge br'.jht unfurr.Ishul
rooms.
PERRY. 10.T — Two rooms, nicely furnished. j
POST. £S:». Dear Hyde— I-arge famished front
room; bath; gag; for 1 or 2 cente.
KCVAL House. 120 Eills— Incandfscent lights.
• r»a£lng-room emoklns-room and ladles' p«r-
ior- rconn per night. Klic to »1 50; week, t-
to th- month. tS to l»: elevator on ground
«cor; room* with liot and cold water: bal.ni.
SOUTH PAKK. ST— A nice rur.ny furnished
room. —
T^TJ>OK CU4. oor. Sutter— 2 hou»ek«cplni
room*. flC; 2 tincl* rooms. $10 each; all j
ronny. j
•rrilK. 1"1J*— Suncy double room; also slngia
front room.
UKfTElTsTATES. 123 E<J<Sv near Market— 4i<0 j
room* £6c to $1 n;cht. (I 75 to J8 w«*r <l«c-
tr!c lisht* mo car*, running water In ev^ry
room; ylfvatorreal.-rooci: frw tut: baggage, j
VAN NESS ave.. 618— El^sant frost parlor* j
and adjoining e'llte for office or club.
WANTED— fl men to rent furnifhej rooms at i
CCC Ken some st. - j
gnXCHESTBB Hotel. 44 3d ft., near Market— |
Meet convenient and respectable; 700 room*; j
3Se to (1 50 rleht; $2 to $S week; elevator; ;
e>e. llehts: readine-room; fre«» bu*; baggag*.
Tl'OLF Housr. 202 Sixth rt.— Rooms from lTio
to »1 per night and from 9Qc to $5 per week.
• ROOM flat; cun all day. Northwest corner ,
Nineteenth and Co!llr.gwool sts. ;
subscription* received a'. |
Call branch office, -cor. Duncan & Church sta.
A BRANCH of fire cf The Call for the reception
cf advertisement* and rubscrtption* ha» been
rpene<5 at JfXW Market «:.. cppoelte Fl.'th.
Oren until 31 p. m.
UOU31X AM) BOARD.
"~HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1C1B VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIP.ST CLASS.
. PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70*.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 122i — Elegant lar«o j
front alcove room; pas, bath, running water, i
"with board: eultable lor 2: private family. ;
JlOW ARD. MIA— First-class board & room, j
single or doable. $0 & $C week; Amer. family, i
mi m> IVAVrtCD.
JiEPPnCTAHLIC German couple. no_ children, j
wifh permanent 3 large, sunny, 'furnished •
housek«>epir.ir room?; convenience, quiet neigh- j
fcorhood west ride, close Jn; $15 to $20 a j
mimth; 'private house; ground floor preferred.
Addrese box 3:!25, Call office.
a* lZWI Mi MACI1IXE9 AVI) SUPPLIES.
THE WH1TK BB KINO
Has finest furniture; l.all benHrg etand: rur* 1
lightest; doer best work: makes lock or chein I
.-•.-.. mp.-ie In vibrator or rotary shuttle j
rtyle; retail vrieer from JlTO.OU to SlfHMXt;
used machines of oth*r make* at from $D.u<i •
to $15.00; when you buy or r«nt a White ;
you eet the itcst pewlng machine on earth, j
• San Francisco retail offic** 300 Post «t.. j
1M1 Killmore fit. and 70S Valencia «t.
AT half or one-third price you can buy a n*w
White jawing machine that la slightly rhop
worn, at our city office*. 300 Poet *t.. 1S41
T*i:imore and 70S Valencia «t.
RENT the best; we have 100 new White eew-
inc machine* for rent at $2 per month.
WHITE SUWINQ MACHINE CO.. SttO Post
*t.; telephone Ulack 1108.
DOMESTIC — Tee machine for family u«e;
beet If rbeapet-t; cecocd-hand all make* at
any price; all kind* rented lowest rates, j
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
JCEW HOME — See our new triple-feed roa-
• chines: sJiphtly used; $10 $18. $2f>: recond-
, hand. »3 $5 5*: all rtyie* : guaranteed. New
. Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market *t.
•iTCTTEItlAG A\D gTAlfMERPrq.
.ilELlBOrRNE Institute. Van JCes* & Market,
: premise* cure If in fair health ; hours 1 to 5.
SCMMKIl KESOItTS.
AT Monte Rio. Russian River, 3-room cottages
rttap; doubl* »>eds; water, etc.: houseket-p-
•• <r.y: porch. F. LANDOX. 82* Noe Et.
TYPEWItlTERS AXD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally rood No. 2 Remington. No. 1 ]
h'rr.::h Premier. $23; other typewriter* at |
fclgfaer and lower prices; rentala $2 50. Tb»
*¦ Typewriting Exchange. E36 California at.
A FEW 6©od typewriter* at $30 each; get par-
¦ tlculars cf L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery et.
ID-HAND typewriter* cold, rented, repaired.
W«b»ter Typ«writer Inspec. Co.. tOR Market.
. BIRTHS— MABRIA&ES— DEATHS: J
Hirtfc. ir.arriare asd death notices sent by
inail will net bo Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the cub'lcatiun offices and be
lndoc*»d with the name and residence of per-
jjons authorized to have the same published.
,\c: '.s restricted eimply to tbe announcement
of the event are published once In this column
'tree of charge.
BORN'.
IS'IETO— In this city. May 8. 1904. to the wife
of P.*bbi J. Nieto. a daughter.
DIED.
Earth. Alwlue Harkin*. Patrick
Becht. Mary E. I^erkey. Jame*
Bergr Alberta Leonard, Elsie
Brownell. Jecr.le McLeod, Earan
Rurrow*. Mary E. Morgan. Eliza bath
Carroll. Patrick Morse. Dr. Cora A.
«'orey. C. E Jr. Plncus, Hattle
Oreightcm. Tfcoa. F. Meddy. Emily M.
Da*ha. William F. Ktoll. Henry G.
Doran. Joseph Valentine. Fusennah
. Oaten. Enr.ery P. Vlautln. Maria •
Goodman. George Wall. Michael
Creen. Ellen Warren, Edwin H.
BARTH— In thia city May 6. IP04,Alwlne
. Barth. beloved mother of Mrs. C W. Ken-
Jtzer. Mr*. M. Harmuth and Err.:i. Alwln. I
• Rudolph tr.". Hermann Barth. a native of !
* Germany, aged 60 yeara S months and 18 ',
days. j
C7Tur.eral private, to-morrow (Tuesday), j
et 10 o'clock, from the residence of her eon, [
• * Hermann Barth. SO E'.xtn avenue.
'BECHT— In this c'.ty. May $, IWH. Mary E.
Becfct. b«lov»d mother ef W. S. Hlggin-
botham and Mrs. Lizzl* Bevlnc, a native of
Missouri.
CTTuneral and Interment prlvata.
SEUG — la the City and County Hospital.
May 7. 1304. Alberta Berg, a native of West
' Indiec. aged So years.
BROWNELL— In thi* city. May 7. 1904 Jen-
rle. beloved wife of H. Brownell, mother of
Charles A. Preston and Mr*. May EIHng-
•on. and Finer of Mrs. W. a. Nlnnocks, a
native cf Wisconsin, aged t>3 year*.
C7"Tbe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), u: 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Pcrter & White. «23 Golden Gate avenue.
Ir.terTcer.t private.
BURROWS— In this city May 8. 1904. Mary
E.. beloved wife or E. M. Burrows and
daughter of Mrs. Kred Sib* of Owensboro,
Ky.. a native of Louisville, Ky., aged 23
year* 11 month* and 4 day*. '
C7Reroalns at the mortuary chapel of the
GclOn Gate Undertaking Company. 2475
Mission Btreet. Notice of funeral hereafter.
CARROLL— In the City and County Hospital,
May 8. 1904, Patrick Carroll, a native of Ire-
' land, aged €4 years.
CORET— In this city. May 8. 1804. Charles
Eugene Jr.. dearly beloved eon of Charles
Kuajene and Katberfne Roce Corey, and
, »-rother of Dorothy Marie Corey, a native, of
Kan Francisco, aged 3 years y months and
1U <!ay*.
G7"The funeral will take place this day
f Monday), at 1 o'clock, from tts residence
of bis parents, 12S Steloer atrtet. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
CREIGHTON— In this city. May 6. 1904
Thomas F.. Nearly beloved husband of Annie
Crelrhiori. and father of Walter and the
• late Raymond and Mary Crelghton, a native
¦ of Maesachueetts, aged £>1 years and 6
months.
CTTfce fcneral wi'.l take place to-day
(Monday), at 8:50 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3370 Twenty-third street, thence
to St. Jame* Church, where a requiem hlga
rr.aas ¦n .11 be celebrated for the repoi-« of hi*
aoul. at tf o'clock. Interment private.
ZJXSHA— In Oakland. Cal.. May 6. 15*04 Wil-
liam F., deally beloved husband cf Ma'rgaret
Dasha. and brother of Mrs. Peter Ward of
Oakland, a native of Brattlcboro. Vt.. aged
42 years 11 months and ti days.
CT'Krlendx and acquaintance* are respect- j
. fully invited to attend the . funeral to-day I
.< Monday), at 10:13 o'clock, from the par- '
; lora of the Pacific Undertaken. 777 Mlszion
Btreet. thenc* to 6t. Patrick** Cburch for I
f^i-vlcm at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crews Cemetery.
DQRAN— In West Bcrke:ey. Cal.. May 7. 1904,
Joseph, beloved husband of Elizabeth Do-
ran, en<J father of Itev. Father Doran and
Mrs. John Hlgginc. * natlv* of Ireland, a&ed
¦ * «a< years and 2 months.
GTTbw funeral will tak« place to-day
'Monday), at 9' o'clock, from bis late la-i.
rt»-nce, corner of Jor.es and Fifth streets,
_West Uc.-keley, thenc* to St. Joseph's
•"'."hurcli. wbre a solemn requiem mass will
.)< celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at »:S0 o'clock. Interment private.
In Holy Croet Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
* GA.TES — In Applegate, Placer County, Cal.,
May 6, 1804, Emery P., husband of Flora
X. Gctee, father of Orilla B. Gates, son
of Jamee H. and Kate B. Gatee. and brother
y Harry J. and Edwin F. Gates, a nativa cf
;rameuto. Cal., aged 27 year*.
TTricnd* and acquaintances ar« resj>ect-
\y ' Invited to attend the funeral to-day
DBdsjJ, at 2 o'clock, at tha Masonic Tern-
AUCTION SALES
£3, &;¦ fes
AUCTION SALE!
FIFTT-FIVE HEAD MARKS AND t}ELI>
INGS, broktn'and halter-broken, ages « to H.
weight 10CO to HOO pounds. Hatched spans.
Consigned by C. K. SUOaETT, Collsse City.
A'lso a cumber of SHETLAND PONIES an-i
a. PERCHERON STALLION, black. 4 years
old. 17C0 pounds.
Bale takes place
Monday Evening, May 9, 1904,
At 8 o'clock, at
Balesyard, 1732 Market st.. cor. Van Nfsa
ave.. San Francisco. • . - - .
Horses at yard Sunday. May *.
FBED H. CIIASK & CO..
Successors to Kllllp A Co.,
Livestock Auctioneers.
I NOTICE.
' By Ytrrca of an ord-r issued out of ta« Su-
perior Court of the City and County cf Saa
Francisco, Stata of California, on tha 7th day
of May, 1904. notlc* Is hereby given Jthatvr»
will aell at public auction to the hicnest bii-
der *or caah. aubject to confirmation by th«
court, payable 1<> per cent of the purchase
price on tha fall of the hammer, and th»
balaaca upon confirmation of said sale by tha
court, on Wednesday, the ISth day of May.
1904 at 8 o'clock r>» m.. in front of tha Mer-
chants' Exchansre, situate at the corner el
Sar.some and Sacramento streets in tha City
and County of San Franclaco. State c Cali-
fornia, the eteamam Xapa City and St.
Helena, their engines. boilers, machinery.
boats, tackle, apparel, appurtenaneea and fur-
nltura with the warehouse belonglns to II. O.
Bell, J. M. Graham. A. Hatt Jr. and Gustav*
H. Munk. «ituate In Napa City. California.
Tha aaid steamers are stern wheel steamers
and of 178.S7 and 844.93 tona register respect-
ively. EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. Auc-
tlone»r». .
/vr auction.
£» fe
On MONDAT. May t. at 11 o'clock.
At JOHN SOUTH' S ST0CKTARDS.
TWELFTH AND HARRISON BTREETS.
By order of 8. Harris of Modoc County I
will sell 85 head of choice, sound younghorsej
that weigh from 1100 to 140O; blocky and
heavy boned; are ail In good condition, and
hav* been driven. Any one wanting to pur-
chase good sound young horses at his own
prlc« should b« »ure and attend this sa-a.
Tba above stock ar« on the way and win ar-
rlv» at the yards Saturday morning, and must
and will b. sold. 8. W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
Office, 122 Grova> st. .
£a fe £»
/\T AUCTION
On THURSDAY, May 12. at 11 o'cloc*.
At J. B HORAN3 SALESYARDS.
Comer TENTH and BRYANT STS..
X will sell 65 head of broken and unbroken
horses; they welsh from 1000 to 1300 pouodj;
from 4 to 8 years old; good, solid chunks*; ail
In good condition and must be. sold. 3. WAT-
KINS, auctioneer; otfic« 122 Grova at.; phon*
South. 20. _^^____
jr\_ By order of X O'BRIEN of MARTS-
>-*3k VILLE I will sell at auction one car of
ALL-PURPOSE HOR3E9, with a lot of goc<l
WAGONS, BUGGIE3. SURREYS. CARTS and
HARNESS at 1140 FOLSOM ST.. TUESDAY.
May 10. at 11 a. m. WM. CLOUGH. Auc-
tlonaer.
£r> £?* £?a
AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSB MAR-
KET. 827 SIXTH ST., WEDNESDAY. May
11. at 11 a. m; I will sell 40 good horses.
JOHN J. DOYLE Auctioneer.
pie. under the autptces of Excelsior Lodge |
No. lcfl. F. and A. M. Remains at th« resi-
dence of Mr*. Flora B. Gates, 1541 Stelner
ftreet. » .
El Dorado Parlor No. K. N. S. G. W.—
Officers and ir.embers nre hereby notified' to
attend the funeral or Inie Brother Emery P.
• iatT,. from Maaonlc Temple, Monday. May
V. at 2 o'clock.
J. G. GTJINNANE. President.
J. W. XEEOAN, Recording Secretary.
The officer* and members of Court Apollo
No. 7802, Ancient Order of Forester*, will
assemble at the Matonlc Temple at 1 ".."to
p. m. sharp to-day (Monday) to attend tti»
funeral of otir late brother, Emery P. Gates.
DR. W. K DARNEAL, C R.
GOODMAN'— Id this city. May 7. 1904, George
Goodman, beloved uncle of M. and Kate
Menas&es a native of Ronpperg, Bohemia,
aged 73 ' yeara and S months. (Stockton
I>epera please copy.)
CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to
attend the funeral services Tuesday. May
JO. at 9:45 o'clock, at Masonic Temple-, cor-
ner Po*t and Montgomery streets. Remain*
will leave his late residence. 1062 Post
street, lor JIaronle Temple at 8 o'clock.
GKEEN— In thl» city. May 7. 1904. Ellen
<Ireen. beloved wife of tha late William
(ireen, and mother of William. Harry and
Benjamin Grtfn. a native of Ireland, aged
43 ycors.
(T-THemalns at parlors of Pacific Under-
tahers. 777 Mission street. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
X1ARKINS— In this city. May 6. 1904, Patrick
HarU!ii!>, a rative of County Donegal. Ire-
lan<1. aged 65 years.
(CTRemains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 MUflon street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
LARKEY— In this city. May 6. 1904* James,
lielovrd husband of Mary Larkey. and father
of John J. and Frank X. Larkey. Mr*. M.
Carroll, and the late Charles H., William J.
end Daniel K. Larkey. a native of County
Donegal. Ireland, aced 75 years.
(T7Tr.e funeral will tak» place to-day
(Monday), at a o'clock, from his lata resi-
dence. 2100 Filbert street, thence to t*t. >'in-
ttnt Je Paul's Church, where a requiem hifih
maes will be celebrated for the repose of his
muI, at 9:.'J0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LEONARD— In thU city. May 8. 1004. atths
residence of her parents. 1227. Filbert street.
Elsie Leonard, dearly beloved daughter of
Jsm-s K. and Elizabeth Leonard, and be-
loved sister of Herrold, Frauds and Joseph
l^eonard. a native of San Francisco, aged
8 yean 1 month and 3 days.
Mc-LEOD— In this city. May 8. 1804. Sarah
McLeod. beloved daughter of Mrs. l». John-
ton, mother of Oliver J. and Irene J. Mo-
}.*od. and Bister of J. L. Johnson, Mrs. C.
T. Gray and Mrs. J. I... Clark, a native of
Nova Scotia, Canada, aged 47 years 4
months and it days
£5" Remains at the parlors of H. P. Feter-
r-n. 22f< McAllister ft.
MORGAN— In this city. May 6. 1004, Elizabeth
Ann, beloved wife of O. A. Morgan, and
mother of Grace, Clara, George. Dayton.
William, l.ynde ar.d Mal>el Morgan, a natlvu
i<f Nrw York, aged 63 years 7 months and
& days.
B^Frlend* and Kcquaintances ar<* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday*, at 1:30 o'clock, from her lata
itsijer.ee, MM Eighteenth street, between
Valencia and Mission streets. Interment Cy-
Vress Lawn Cemetery.
M<)R<E— !n th's city. May 7, 1004. Dr. Cora
A. Morse beloved daughter of Mrs. M. A.
Allison, and sister of Anna Alllron and Mrs.
M. G. Pkfnaer. a native of Ohio, aged 63
yearn and lti days.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday May fl at 3 o'clock, at her lats
borne «"21 o'Farrell street. Cremation at
<3dd "Fellows' Crematory.
Pixel's— In this tlty. May 7, 1904, Hattlc.
dearly beloved wile of l'lncus M. Plncus,
devoted mother of t?imon Galllck, daughter
rif Mr. anJ Mrs. II. Bernard, and eister of
Mrs. c\ Oolmaa. Mrs. T. Sullivan. Mrs. K.
Am«-s BBd Oharies. Rosie and Joe Bernard, a
native of Franc'.eco. aged 31 years.
E7mcnda and acquaintances arc •e*peet-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
llwlsted & Co., 916 MUslon street. Interment
11111b of Eternity Cemetery, by electric car
Jrom KightM-nth nn<i (Juerrero streets.
KKDDT— In this city. May 8. l'JOt. Emily
M. Reddy. btloved mother of Mrs. Sybil J.
t'oleman and sli-ttr of Judge N. H. Conk-
lin of tian Dl»so. a native of New York,
aged 7!* vears. *
STOLT^— In this city. May 8. 1004. Henry G..
beloved husband of Margaret Stoll. brother
or Caroline and Adolph Stoll and brother-
in-law of Mrs George Bentfeldt. a nativ*
of I-udwlgsburg. Germany, aged C3 years 0
months and Us days.
C7"Fri*-nd« and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), May 10. at i o'clock, from his
late residence, 41<>T> Eighteenth street, corner
i of Castro. Interment National Cemetery,
Presidio. . .
VALENTINE— In thi» city. May 4. 1904.
Susannah E.. beloved wife of the late Wn-
liam Valentine, and mother of Mrs. O. W.
Kverson. Mrs. E. »*. Dudley and William I...
Valentine of l.c* Angeles, Cat., a native of
Scotland, ared 69 years 4 months and 27
days.
> CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
I at the parlors of the Western Addition
Funeral Directors. 171'4 Devl&adfro ktreet.
; between Sutter and Uu*h.
| VlvAl.'TIN— In San Rafael. Cal.. May 7. 1301,
Maria Vlautln, dearly beloved sister of Mrs.
M. Murray of San Rafael, Richard II. Nagle
of Saa Fre.ncleco, Michael It. Nagle of Berke-
ley, and the lat* Catherine O'Connor of San
Francisco, a native of County Cork, Ireland.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tc-day
(Monday), at 1" o' clock, riutn the residence
of her tester. Mrs. M. Murray. S10 Third '
Btreet. Ean Rafael, thence to St. Raphael'*
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will b*> celebrated for the repose of her bouI.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WALL. — In tiiis city. May 7, 15*04. Michael
Wall, beloved father of Mrs. Matthew Garety
*tnd Thomas Wail, and the late Anastaslu
Wall, ar.ii brother of Patrick Wall and the
late Mrs. Tbomu Brown, a native of Kil-
kenny, Ireland, aged 77 years.
t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Mocday). at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1404 Church Btreet, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requlrm high
mass will be* celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Croej Cemetery.
WARREN— In this city. May 8. 1904. Edwin
H.. beloved husband of Allc» Warren, father
of Kvth E. and Edgar K. Warren, son of
Mrs. Emllle Gaddel an«f brother of Mrs.
Mary King and J. W.. William C. and Jarne*
I I. Warren and Elbert Dunlap, a native of
] Canada, aged 49 years 1 month and 25 days.
Past consul of Tamalpalt Camp . No. 427,
j Woodmen of the World, and a member of
I Golden Gate Circle No. 355, Women, of Wood-
J ciaft. and California Lodge No. 1, K. of P.
E7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), May 10 at 2 o'clock from tha
parlors or H. F. Suhr tt Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Se\°enth and EJghth, where
services will he held under the auspices of
Tamalpals Camp No. 427, Woodmen of the
World. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery^
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
Officers and members of Golden Gate
C:rc!e No. 255. W. O. W. — You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our late
neighbor. Edwin H. Warren. Tuesday, at 2
o'clock, from the undertaking parlors of H.
F. Eubr Si Co.. 1 137 Mission street. By
order
MRS. A. PROWSE, Guardlaa Neighbor.
MRS. L. K A MEN A. Clerk.MERIDIA, Yucatan. May 8.— The Legisla
ture of. this State has conceded to the Immi
gration Society fop a term of five years a
premium of $25 to every family that comes t«
the State for the purpose of engaging In agri
culture, . ¦;¦:--¦ ; V ¦¦ ¦'¦-¦¦¦ :-/
Actual Rld-
Nearly 2000 people occupied the
grand stand when time was called for
the Independent Hurling Club to cross
sticks for the first of a series of games
to be played with the Emmets. As
the men took their positions in the
field they were repeatedly cheered.
The score stood 14 to 5 in favor of "the
Emmets at the end of the first half.
The second half ( was won by a score
of 10 to 0 by the Emmets, thus giv
ing that club the first of the series.
The MeBrides Defeat the Eagles in an
Interesting Gnme— Exciting Hurl
# Ing. Match Is Played.
An enthusiastic crowd greeted the
members of the McBrlde and Eagle
football teams when they, lined up at
the Presidio athletic grounds yester
day afternoon to contest for the trophy
to be given for the most successful
team ¦ in a series of games 1 by the
Gaelic Athletic Association. The Mc-
Bride's won from their opponents by
a score of 10 to 3, though the Eagles
put up a pretty game of Gaelic foot
ball. •
HALF OF MICHIGAN 1
TOWN IS DESTROYED
Heavy Tx>s.s Results From Fire and
Capitalist Is Probably Fatally '
Hurt.
UTICA, Mich., May 8— Seventeen
business places and ten dwellings were
destroyed by fire that wiped out half of
Utlca to-day. The village was practi
cally without fire apparatus and was
forced to call on Detroit. William Up
ton, a capitalist, who is one of the
heaviest losers, fell from the roof of a
building and was probably fatally
hurt. Loss, $100,000.
Actual Rid-
FOOTBAIiL r l^AMS 3IEET
OX THE PUESIDIO FIELD
. Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, morfthty
bullseye shoot— F. O. Sehulierts 11 points, W.
A/Siebe 14.- J. Cobby 15. F. Troutt 1.1, A. M.
Poulsen 2014. A;. Thompson 23. W. G. Crock
er 82, W. A. Petersen 43. H. WlndmuIW 43U.
H. ¦ McKlnley 43 «, O. A. Poulsen 44H. H.
Hlsanberg 45}4.W. Guild 48U. L. Murphv r.0.
F. Wfcnte R3. I*. J;. Nielsen B3H, R. C. Holm
nulst 55, H- • Kleinenbrolch . 5fl, H. P. Nel»nn
58Vi. L. A. Frates «0, L. Delaverpne 6014. W
Patton 61, T>r. L. V. - Frates 61, C. Priest 02'
O. Nisxen 63. • , - '¦
- Practice - shooting— F. M. Purr 287. P. A.
Pnuloon • 204. R..R. WixKon JVTT. ¦ AI Thompson
?11. ; Dr.'T-. V.,Fra»»!« 311. w. Guild 300, L. A.
Frates 200. J. A; Logue , 334. /
Golden Gate Rlflo and Pistol Club., monthly
competition, rifle, silver medal — H. P. Nelson,
223; Ed Englander. 177. J R>.-entry match — A.
C. Gehret. 223, 223. 2.11; H. P. Nelson. 223.
1%: Max Kolander, 215, 211. 207. 205:. W. F.
Blasse, 210. 203: Otto A. Bremer. 220. 207.
Revolver — J. Kullmann. M; Charles Becker,
70. Re-entry match— F. V. Klngton. 88.
¦ Independent Rifles,-- monthly • medal shoot—
F. Schopay 20, G. Kellenberger 2fi. Captain H.
Schllchtmann 42. Sergeant L. Mayer 30, J.
Kuhlke 64, F. Wild 20. Sergeant H. Feir* 4*.
Serzeant C. Andrews 88. F. Skowran 37. E.
Manolf 16.' W. Goetjen 3.1. J. Wlldemuth Zt.
H. Goetjen Sr. 44, H. Ruhland 8.1, C. Schilling
32. O. K. Flicker 8!>. • W. ; Cook 39. Corporal H
Marzolf «2. Corporal P. H. Schoniff . B5. C.
Herring 41. Corporal A. Dietrich 20, Sergeant
C. Iverson 54. W. A. Smith 2.1. ¦ .
shooting— Flr« champion class— D. B. Faktor.
230. 219 rings: AC. Gehret, 227. 225; M. F.
Blacse, 225 215: O. A. Brewer, 220, 210; F. P.
Schusfer, 218, 20f». Second chamr>ion class —
George Tammeytr, 218. 204; W. F. Blasse,
217 215; J. E. Klein, 200, 193: D. Salfleld,
I'll)! 104: Fred Brandt, 107. First class— H.
Stelllnc. 210, 208; John Gefkln 200, J, Young
18S. Second cla»» — Max Kolandcr, 203; H. P.
Nelson, 109. 108; George H. Bahrs, 200. 191;
H. Bornholdt. 101; August Jungblut, 103, 173.
Third class — Henry Meyer. 190; A. Schaeffer,
185 ilSfl; D. Huntem&nn. 174, 137. Ben first
nhot-t-H. Stelling 23. Best last shot— F. P.
Schuster 25. > ¦
Norddeutscher ¦ Schuetien Club, monthly
bullseye shcol — August - Weetphal 384, . Otto
Lemcke 42U, Charles Oldatr 4S0, F. Koch 518.
F P. Schuster 1015. D. Salfleld 1027. H. Mun
st«?r 1028 Henry Meyer 115<J, J. Gefkin 1300.
John de .Witt 1380.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln, monthly
medal Bhoot— First champion class — August
Pape 227. Second champion class — Fred
Brandt 205. Flr?t class — Captain H. Stelling
205. Second class — August Jungblut 178.
Third class — H. Bornholdt 210. J Fourth class —
D Stfgemann .180,
Competition Bhrot — First class — F. P. Schus.
ter 226. Second class — Otto Lemcke 203. Third
class — Charles Oldag 206. Fourth class — A.
Lemalre 200.
A cubic foot of new fallen snow
weighs five and one-half pounds on the
average, and has twelve times the bulk
of an equal weight of water.
The different events In rifle matters
attracted a large number of marks
men to Shell Mound Park yesterday.
The weather and light were all that
could be desired, and many good
scores were made by the participants
at the rifle and pistol ranges.
The principal event of the day was
the hotly contested revolver match be
tween ten members of the Police De
partment of this city and a like num
ber of men from the Golden Gate
Rifle and Pistol Club., The police
were victors by six points. The com
petition between the two teams was
the most spirited and the scores the
greatest ever made at any public re
volver match in the United States.
The highest Individual score was
made by J. E. Gorman, with 97 rings
out of a possible 100. Mr. Gorman
holds the world's championship for
revolver practice, and he w'ill receive
the trophy presented for the ' highest
score. He was closely pressed by W.
C. Prichard with 96 points.
Many fine scores were made at this
contest. The following members of
the pollc« force scored over 90 per
cent: Officers J. B. Cavanagh 90,
Smith Carr 93, W. W. Wilson 91, F.
W. French 90, Harry Hook 92, W. R.
Proll 93. On the part of the Qolden
Gate Club there were a number over
90 per cent, namely: J. E. Gorman
9'7. M. J. White 93, G. W. Hoadley 95,
J. R. Trego 95, F. E. Maaon 92, and
W. C. Prichard 96..
The match' was determined on the
Blunt military target. The Golden
Gate men gave the police a handicap
of three points to a man on account
of the former using a target revolver
and the police their regulation, arm.
Sergeant J. H. Helms looked out for
the welfare of, his men. while M. J.
White took care of the Golden Gate
piub. The well-known marksman.
Colonel Samuel Beaver, was chosen
referee and proved satisfactory to all.
At the -previous match, In which the
Golden Gates were victorious, the po
lice totaled 92R points and" the club
cen 929, being only four points dif
ference.
In the Germanla Club D. B. Faktor
was high man with the good score of
230 rings in his ten shots. The\ club
has voted a prize. of $100 - to the
Bundes* shooting festival. ..
Al C. Gehret carried off the honors
at the Golden Gate rifle competition
with 231 rings to his' credit. The
day*3 scQre in detail: .
Return match between Ran Francisco police
and Golden. Gate Rifle and Pistol Club: Police
C. B. Fennell 85. J. A". Hayes 88, J. B.
Cavanash 00, Smith Carr 03. W. *, W. . WiUon
81 Bera-eant H.' H. . ChrUtensen 88, -'T.~ W.
French 0O, W. D. Scott ' 87. Harry Hook 82,
W. B.- Proll 03. Total 807, oluii 30 handicap,
027 points. r ''i- •••' 8Wfcgwjrtft3e*v!' 1 '.
- Golden Gate Club— W. C. Prichard 06. F. E.
Mason 02,<J. R.'Trego 05, Charles Becker 87,
A. B. Darrell 80. G. W. , Hoadley 05, W. ;F.
Blasne 89, J. Kullmann 88. M. J... White 03, J.
E. Gorman 07. Total 021.
Gernmnia ¦ Scbuetzen Club,' mo j^ily medal
Bine-Coated Marksmen De
feat Golden Gate Club
Men at the Pistol Range
CITY'S FINEST
SHOOT IN FORM
Total 04
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 41,
2 for 41. 3 for 4R. 4 for 53, 5 for R3, 6 for 80,
7 for S3, 8 for 02. 0 for 04, 10 for 94. . '.. -
Maid- Wlck-
Bnwler — Balls, ens. Runs. ets.
H. B. Richardson 4S 2 17 0
E. Petersen 48 0 11) 0
B. Kortlans 48 1 20 3
H. Robert* 48 1 27 • .6
P. A. Stahl. b. Roberts 22
W. H. McNaughton. runout 18
J. Foster. 1. b. w.. b. Roberts 3
G. H. Ward, c Petersen, b. Roberts 3
F. J. Croll; b. Roberto 40
W. J. Rlchter. c. Shand, b. Kortlang 0
G. I. Baugh, b. Roberts 4
J. McCuIlough, c. Rlehard«on, b. Kortlang.. 0
F. BcnaJnn. b. Kortlang 2
J. U. Buchanan, c. and b. Robert* 0
W. G. Fortmann. not out 0
Byes 2
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB
Maid- Wlck-
Hnwier Balls, ens. Runs. ets.
F J. Croll *4 3 30 2
g'. H. Ward 1U 1 43 1
J. McCullough M 1 2" 1
W. G. Fortmann »6 2 42 0
F. A. Stahl 24 O 11 0
F. Bennlon 12 0 7 0
Fortman and Stahl bowled one wide ball
each.
Total for four wickets 171
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 0,
2 for 104, 3 for 150, i for 163.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
B. Kortlang, not out "5
E. G. Sloman 1. b. w.. b. Croll 4
H, B. Rlchardswn, c. McCullough. b. Ward Jr t«7
E. Petersen, c. Stahl. b. McCullouKh 40
P. R. John, did not bat
E. J. Stratum, b. Croll 5
H. Roberts, did not bat
T. J. A. Tledemann. not out 2
J. Ftewart. did not bit
C. W. Irish, did not bat
H. Dlxcn. did not bat 9
Byes, (J; leg byes, 2; wldes, 2..... 10
playing excellent cricket. Kortlang car
ried his bat for 75 runs and Richardson
made 57. When four wickets were
down the inning was declared, the total
being 171 runs. The Alameda captain
tried six bowlers, the most successful
being Croll, who took two wickets for
30 runs.
The only Alameda men who made
any stand against the bowling of Kort
laYig and Roberts were Stahl (22), Mc-
Naughton (18) and Croll (40). The in
nings closed for 94 runs.- Kortlang hav
ing captured three wickets and Roberts
having taken six. The full details fol
low: •
SAN FRANCISCO COUNTY.
WELL-KNOWN CPaCKETERS WHO WERE CONSPICUOUS AT THE ALAMEDA I
GROUNDS YESTERDAY IN THE FIRST SCHEDULED MATCH OF THE SEA
SON. WHICH THE SAN FRANCISCO COUNTY ELEVEN WON CLEVERLY. |
Nearly the whole fleet of the Corin
thian Yacht Club cruised up Peta
luma Creek on Saturday evening, drop
ping anchor near the drawbridge. All
returned safely to moorings yesterday.
The opening cruise of the California
Yacht Club took place yesterday. At
10 o'clock in the morning the signal
gun for the start was fired from Com
modore George M. Shaw's flagship
Idler. The fleet left its moorings and
dropped down Oakland Creek on the
ebb tide with a light wind.
In getting out into the bay the wind
dropped, but later freshened a little.
The signal "Meigg's wharf" was hoisi
ed on the flagship, but it was found
Impossible to reach the destination. Al
ter rounding the Italian cruiser Ll
guria the fleet squared away for home,
reaching moorings on the flood tide
about 5 p. m. The yachts that followed
the flagship were the yawls Iola, Gyp
sle and Pilgrim, the sloops Jessie E,
Pactolus, Shamrock III, Pollywog,
Hazel S, Rover, Star and Flirt.
The handicap race of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club from Vallejo to Sau
salito took place yesterday. The start
was effected at 10:15 a. m. across a
line drawn from the float of the Vallejo
Yacht Club to the nearest point of the
Mare ' Island shore. The finish was
across an Imaginary line drawn from
the wharf of the San Francisco Yacht
Club to a stakeboat anchored about 3uO
yards to the east, the stakeboat be
ing left on the starboard hand. Each
boat was handicapped according to her
known speed. First prize was won by
the sloop Alice, receiving two hours,
which beat the sloop Challenger,
scratch, by the narrow margin of .due
minute. ' The wind was light, but the
boats started down on the ebb tide,
meeting the flood. before they reached
their destination. The race was under
the management of the regatta commit
tee, consisting of R. S. Bridgman, R. C.
Ward and C. M. Gunn..
Tiny Sloop "With Handicap of
Two Hours Beats Chal
) lenger One 3Iinute Margin
ALICE CAPTURES
PREMIER PRIZE
; lor liti. Jocund Iik, Aceful 13J, Sovereign
l'S>. Kobin Hood luO. Witchcraft 103 Gettys
burg v$.
Second" luce, fcur and" a half furlongs of
Eclipse ccurtc, 2-year-olds, selling— Esther
i litxxinch 1)7, Madam Satan 107. Yorkshire 0l#, ¦
Ulusre* ««j. Le/den 111. Sportsman iul. Meny
Lark 104. Blue Print 90, Mi*s Bryant »0, Tar
pon U«i. Metropole 101. Virgo 92. Little Butter
cup 'j5. Muozcn W. Merces 91. Stella J 04,
; Judas y4. Mafcsapeq.ua. 34, Gilpin t>4, Polly
¦ Ann HI.
Third raxe. maidens. Eclipse course — Bound
Bryjk 'JS, Ttthonic US. Fine Art 03, Memphis
lie. Niikayuna M, Ogontz US. Miss Eugenia 03
Lightship Uk. Candidate 111, Lady Prudence
a:{. Dancing Bellg S3. Step Away 1GU. Silverfoot
tt*>. Ascettc W. Out of Heach 113.
Fourth race. Crotola Handicap, si* furlcngs
of Withers mile — Young Henry 120, Hum
bourne 13U, Adios 03. Lady Uncas 105, Damon
li)». Race King 1CS. D.jlly Spanker 110 Lux
CaFta 119. IloseUnt 115. Hurst Park.' 115
Kohinoor 100, Careless 100, illyrla 63, Tomcod
Hi. <Kohinoor and Careless Keene entry. 11
lyrla and Toraood, Daly entry).
Fifth race, seven furlongs of Withers mile,
mares. 3-year-olds and up — ThUtle Heather 101
Hetty Q 10*. Pallette 101. Little Em 1)3 Witch
craft 101. Ganancgue Us, Dazrling llti' Mlneo
la let Hcrtcneta 93.
Sixth race. Withers mile, handicap— Hurst
bour::e 114. Dalefman lib. Oarsman 115, But
tons 112. Lord Budge 111, Andy Williams Iu9,
Athel JCS. I>lhl 107. Montreson 10!}. Mackey
Dwyer H,4. Jacquin 1C2. Gettysburg 100, Mer
cury 100, Salt, a*. Himself 98. (Buttons and
Andy Williams. Shields entry).
Weather clear and track fast.
CHICAGO, May 8.— The following
are the entries for the races at Worth
•track for to-morrow:
First race, nine-sixteenths of a mile
Rav'ana 107, Telephone Belle 107. Helen Con
relly Iu7, Chansonette 107, ; Cernova 107, Pede
eia 112, Clara Berry 112, Broadway Girl 112
Lady Witt 112. Lou Merrell 112. (Cernova and
Pedesia, Jones entry.)
Second race, six furlong*, selling— Dusky 98,
Misanthrope »S, 6t. Merrylega 98, Ericula 100,
Preakneas 103, P.egina D 103. Juat Bo 104
Jesse C 105. SoufrWe 105, Water»ix>Ut 105,
Freckman 105, Falernian 105. Triumvir 105,
Great Eastern 10S, Trogon 110. Sol Smith 110
Third race, four furlcngs— Dixie Andrew-3
U% Arthur Stilwell 102, Fallona 102. Llt2e
Harry lf>:>. Sllvrskln Io5. R. L. Johnson 112.
Yada 112, Flaxrr.an 115. Eehernalse 115. Great
Heart 115.
Ko-urth rare, seven furlongs, handicap — Bay
wood 82. Cardinal Wolscy U5. Ahola M, Ran
kln US. Huzzah K7, Albula 102, Typhonlc 103,
Beau Ormonde 113. By Ways 10*. Hands
Across HO, Tosean 116. (By Ways and Across,
Hildreth entry.)
Fifth race, one mile — Arab 92, Forehand 05.
Jerry Lynch 05. Fafety Light 100. Gllfaln 102,
Ink 105. Gregor K 107.
¦Sixth race, one and a sixteenth mile* — Little
Wally oi. Kpenrerian 81. Ct»mrass 08, Mam
*elle M, Lew Woods 00. Marlln 100. Lact
Knight 1C2. Stroller 1C2. Jack Doyle 104, Give
All IOC, Potheen 108.
Weather clear: trark fast.
INTER-OCEAN'S SELECTIONS: First race
— CJara Bfrry, Lou Merrill. tTiansom-tte: »ec
or.d race — Soufrlere, FTerkman. St. Merrylegs;
third race — R. L. John»on, Fallona. Arthur
Stilwell; fourth race — Beau Ormonde. Hands
Across. Toucan: .fifth rac<? — Gregor K, Fore
hand, Jerry Lyrtch; sixth race — Potheen,
Spcr.cerlan. Last Knight.
ST. LOUIS, May 8. — The Delmar
entries for to-morrow are:
Flirt race, four and a half furlongs, two
year-old* — Zinda 107. Miss Powell 107, Gas
corr.e 107, Joe Graham 101).
tfecend race, five furlongs, two-year-olds,
Btlling. coits and geldings— Trapsetter 112,
Dick R.iil<y 105. W. P. Palmer KXi. I Must
l(xi, I>ale 105, Caybon 100, King's Charm 112,
John Dcyle 1C3. Circular Joe 108, Matt Wad
lflch 0."<. Yellmantown. 108, Harry B. Hawea
103.
Third race, four furlongs, maiden two-year
old fllliec — Princess Om« 110, Dishabille 110,
Gay Adelaide 104, Bounding Ship 100, Hello
Girl 104, Pique 107, Fair Una 110, Nettie
G*or^o 104. Paasie 107.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards, three
year-olds and up — Jordan 105, Strader 107,
Jack Young 107. . \
Fifth race, nix furlongs, three-year-olds and
up, eelllnc— Uranium 107. Doeskin 00. Dolly
Gray 102, Lasso 09, Alflo 107, Irby Bennett
107. I>r. Burns 106, Conundrum 100.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, three
year-olds and up. netting — Neverauch 104. Hu
ccna 102, Murmur 1>8. Larry Wilt 112. Arnold
K 03. Knf.i o 100, Illuminate 104.
Weather cloudy; track heavy. i
This Is Feature Event of the Morris
I 'ark Card — Chicago and
St. Louis Entries.
XEW YORK, May 8. — The Crotola
handicap at six furlongs will be the
feature event of to-morrow's card at
Morris Park. Lux Casta, Rosetint.
Hurst Park and the Keene entry,
Kohinoor and Careless, helo make a
strong rield. The entries:
First race, fix and a half furlongs of With
ers mile, 3-year-olds and up — High Chancel -
HOUSES OF CLASS ENTERED
IX THE CKOTOLA HANDICAP
FIRST RELAY.
Finish- Actual Rld-
Rider and Club — Ing Time. Ing Time.
J. Becks, G. C. W 9:37:55 32:55
F. G. West. B. C. W 0:37:55 1-5 32:5.Vl-5
A. Greeninger. N\ C. W.. 0:37:55 2-5 32:55 2-5
A. Gilbert. O. W 0:3S:2t> 33:20
Best previous time over this relay, P. Mc-
Donald. G. C. W.. 27 minutes. 1902.
SECOND RELAY. ~~ ~~
Finish"! Actual Rld-
Rider and Club— ing Time. Ing Time.
D. Mainland, N. C. W... 10:06:43 28:41)3-5
B. Murphy. G. C.-W 10:07:00 29:05
A. Roberts. O. W 10:08:00 29:40
A. T. SUva, B. C. W... 10:00:00 31:04 4-5
Best previous time over this relay, A. Rob
erts, O. W.. 24:19. 1903.
THIRD RELAY]
Finish- Actual Rld-
Rlder and Club — Ing Time. Ing Time.
J. Berryessa. G. C. W... 10:35:00 2S:00
J. Schou. N. C. W 10:3fi:00 20:13
A. Everett. O. W 10:37:30 2»:30
J. P. Simmons Jr.,B.C.W.10:37:30 2S:30
Best previous time over this relay,- E. P.
Barnes, G. C. W.. 23:06. 1M0. .
FOURTH RELAY.
Finish- Actual Rid-
Rlder and Club — Ing Tim*. Ing Time.
L. Magginni. G. C. W... 11:01:00 2600
A. Hodgklns, N\ C. W.. .11:03:45 27:45
F. P. McNulty, B.C. W.ll:05:00 27:30
C. JCergner, O. W 11:05:12 27:42 "
Best previous time over this relay. L, Smith"
G. C. W.. 26:00. 1809.
FIFTH RELAY.
Finish- Actual Rld-
Rlder and Club — ing Time. Ing Time.
W. Burnett, G. C. W. ..11:2»:(K> 2SW)
E. E. Bergman, N.C.W.. 11:34:12 30:27
R. Williamson. O. V.". 1 . .11:34:69 29:47
F. H. McL'ghlln.G.C.W. 11:35:00 30:00
Best previous time over this relay, C. Una
berg. Q. C. W.. 22:001-5, 10027
SIXTH RELAY.
• Finish! Actual Rld-
Rlder and Club— Ing Time. Ing Time.
P. Magginni. G. C. W.. 11:37:50 2.N:5t»
L. Shaw. N. C. W 12:02:10 27:53
H. Hancock, O. W 12:02:10 27:11
C. Lang. B. C. W 12:02:10 .27:10
Best previous time over this relay. Burton
Downing. O. C. W.. 27:10, 1001.
SEVENTH RELAyT
• Finish^ Actual Rid-
Rider and Club— ing Time. Ing Time.
O. Peterson, U. C. W....l2:2tt:ut> 2-5" -a:l<>^-3
W. Clayton. N. C. W... 12:31:15 2U:05
H. Bente. O. W 12:31:15 29:05
H. L. Newiom, B.' C..W.12:32:00 23:5»
Best previous time over thla relay, H. D.
Bean, B. C. W.. 2S:04 3-5, 11KH).
; EIGHTH RELAY"
Finish^ Actnal Rld-
Rider and Club— ing Time. Ing Time.
W. Cheboya. O. C. W^. .12:53:00 2<»:5u 3-3
P. Borree. O. W.... 12:5S:C0 26:45
' H. Strohlein. N. C. W... 12:58:30 r7:15
V. S. Gray. B. C. W 1:01.00 29:00
Best previous time over this relay, A. P.
Deacon, R. A. C. 27:10. 1807. ¦
' NINTH~RELAY.
: . Finish- Actual RW-
Rlder and Club— ing Time. Ing Time,
i P. Dleftinbacher.Q.C.W. 1:21:31 Jj.v.31
! W. Luclo. O. W.... 1:25:52 27:52
1 A. Wilkes. N. C. W l:2«:0S 27:3.1
C. H. Clark. B. C. W... 1:27:25 2tf:25
Beat prevloun time over this relay, J. Hobson
B. C. W.. 28:05. 1902. '
¦ TENTH RELAY.
Finish- Actual RW-
Rlder and Club— lnr Tune. Ing Time
W. C. Waibel. O. C. W. 1:47:13 2-6 2«12 2-5
A. Trout. N. C. W 1:51:59 25:54
A. T. Smith. O. W 1:52:00 28:08
W. De Mara. B. C. W... 1:53:41 26:15 3-5
Best previous time over thla relay. Lace
Downing. 26:30. 1901.
' ST. PETERSBURG. May 9.— Baron Nilkon.
who has been connected with the police service
of St. Petersburg since 1857. has been appoint
ed Ctolef gf. Police at Warsaw.
The Garden City Wheelmen of San
Jose won the twelfth renewal of the
California Associated Cyclists* historic
relay race yesterday in three and two
fifths seconds outside the best previous
record. Ten riders, each covering ten
miles, covered the hundred-mile route
in four hours, forty-two minutes and
forty-three and two-fifths seconds.
The New Century Wheelmen finished
second, the Oakland Wheelmen third
and the Bay City Wheelmen fourth.
The New Century Wheelmen were dis
qualified and were placed fourth for
starting David Mainland, who was not
entered in the race and who was not
eligible to enter. The California Club
started a team, but its first man fell
and lost his packet. The team did not
finish.
The Garden City Wheelmen assumed
thp lead at the start and were never
headed but once during the race. This
was in t^ie second relay when Mainland
beat 'Murphy fifteen seconds. The Gar
den City courier finished first In San
Jose by five minutes and the Garden
City man reached the finish four min
utes and fifteen seconds ahead of his
nearest competitor.
The Bay City riders lost on this side
c-f the bay, being 2 minutes and 30
seconds behind at the end of the third
relay, and 6 minutes behind at San
Jc-se. C. Long made up 1 minute and
40 seconds of this through San Jose,
equaling Burton Downing's record of
27:10. L. Magginni equaled L. Smith's
record of 26:00 made in 1S99 on the
fourth relay. P. Borree of the Oakland
wheelmen rode the 8th relay in 26:45,
replacing A. P. Deacon's record of
27:10 made in 1S97. C. Hi Clark of the
Bay City Wheelmen covered the 9th
relay in 26:25, replacing J. Hobson's
record of 23:05. A. Trout of the New
Century Wheelmen, who rode the last
relay, beat Lace Downing's record of
26:30, covering the distance in 25:54.
O. L. Pickard, a veteran racing man,
and A:Yonce followed the entire race
on motor cycles. This is the first time
the feat has been accomplished. It has
been claimed the motors w-ould not
stand such severe work, but this proves
their practicability.
The race was particularly free from
pacemaklng, the winner especially re
ceiving no assistance. . .
The race was admirably handled by
the racing and records committee of
the association, C. L. McEnerney,
chairman: F. W. Smith. B. D. Balart,
M. M. Mnffit and H. L. Delaney. The
official table follows:
The racing season proved profitable
for many owners, as a large number
shared in the $440,000 distributed by the
New California Jockey Club- in stakes
and purses. More than seventy won
amounts exceeding $1000. Walter Jen
nings was particularly successful,
heading the list with $32,550. The prin
cipal winners follow:
W. B. Jennings, J32.C30; M. J. Daly, $13,020;
D. t?. Fountain. ?12.4:J5; Harry Stover. $11 580;
C C. McCafferty, 51u,ie5: Mrs. J. Coffey. $10.
055; J. J. McAlIe«ter, *7,020; B. Schreiber.
17950; Barns & Waterhouse, $7415; W. P.
Magrane & Co.. ?73tf.t; Milton Jones, $7045;
Parker & Thwaite, $CtS20; H. E. Rowell,. jf.835;
O. A. Bianchi. $5f25: T. G. Ferguson. ?5550;
T. E. McLau*h!!n. fP540; W. C. Vivell, $3270;
S. Bender & Co.. $4375; W. Fisher, $4375;
J. F. Newman, $4">^5: R. A. Smith. $4509;
C. W. Chappell. $4430; E. W. Fitzgerald. $4230;
Rravey & Thomas, $40i»5; Lamasney Bros.,
J4(*:5; Hamilton Stable. $30«0; Frank Skinner.
£;'j5v>; Napa Stock Farm, $39G5; L. A. Blais
infame & Bro.. $37tK); Boota & Hollenback.
SS"* 3 .: W- D. Randal!, $3G70; Caesar Young,
* •¦¦—¦>
During the -racing season which closed
at Oakland on Saturday last th'e pa
trons of The Call were given more win
ners than were ever furnished in past
years by a newspaper. The horses were
chosen on form and through private
sources of information gleaned by the
racing editor, Fred E. Mulholland.
On seven occasions The Call came
within one of picking the entire card.
In all 204 winning horses were selected,
which is an average of a shade better
than two winners a day for the long
season of 150 days. Repeatedly the sec
ond and third choices picked were suc
cessful at long odds.
The record of the newspaper handi
cappers follows:
The Call 304
Examiner 204
Chronicle 2C3
Black Coon ran true to form at
Ingleside Coursing Park yesterday and
won the stake in a canter nearly all
the way. In the deciding course with
Conroy he ruled a favorite at 3 to 1.
He took the first turn and kept on
the hare all the way, winning out by
a score of 12 to 1. G. Lacy Craw
ford's Viking died after a hard course
with Yellow Tall in the third rountf.
His trainer claims the dog's death was
due to the extreme heat. Following
are the day's results, with Judgo
Thomas Tiernsy's official scores:
Open stake first round — Viking beat King'*
Pride. 6-1: Royp.I Friend beat Pepper Hill. 5-1;
Yello Tail teat Star Sylvanua. 5-U; Northern
Alarm beat Glaucus, 8-0; Pofala beat Mf-dley.
R-3: Prompts brat Young Fearless. S-2; Wattles
beat J. C. Heenan. 7-5; Prometheus beat Old
Ironsides. 4-1; Mark Twain beat Laboring
Boy. 6-1; Tralee Lass heat Cosette. 6-2: Pure
Pearl beat Pasha Pleasant. ll-jl; Frisky
Boy beat Liberator. 7-2; Mi»s Enunrai'l
beat Young Juhnny Rex. 10-«i; Black Conn
beat Dorothy M. 3-2; Texas Mamie h«i»t
Luxury, 7-0; Anplc Blr,*som beat Wait
for Me, 9-3; Helen Hays> beat Equator, 4-0;
Colored I.a.ly b*at Jig* ytep, 8-1; Quito beat
HennlK, 7-4: Lulu Girl beat Commercial Trav
eler »^0; Conroy beat Ragged Actor. 4-0;
Fiddler beat Lord Oranard. S-2; Little Plunger
beat Firif Fellow, 7-2; Toronto beat Hoddlns
ton. 7-4; Jerry Wright beat ThetU. 3-2: Fenii
J^at Don Pedro. 7-2: Ccnccri! Boy beat Adonis.
15-7; Lily Ycrk beat Glancing Pasha. 8-J;
Fannie Kughie beat Vina. '»-': Maid of ths*
Glen beat PTecita Maid 4-0: Melllnwood beat
Or*ina, 4-1; Geld Lily" beet Crawford BelW,
S-t.
Seccnd round — Viking beat Koyal Friend. 5-0;
Yellow Tail beat Northern Alarm. »;-0: Sofala
beat Prompto 5-3; Wattles beat Prometheus.
tt-4; Mark Twain b»at Tral^e Lass, 9-7; Frisky
Boy beat Pure Prarl. 5-3; Black Coon beat Mlsa
Brummel. C-l; Texas Mamie b«^it Apple Blo>»
pom. 5-3; Colored Lady beat Heten Hays. «-4;
Quita beat Lulu Girl. S-0: Conroy beat Fiddler.
14-0; Little Fluflger beat Toronto, 4-2r Fenil
beat Jerry Wright. .V4: Lily York beat Concord
Boy. 7-5: Fannie Hughie beat Maid of the
Glen 1S-13; Gold Lily beat Melllnwood. 5-3.
Third round^ — Viking beat Yellow Tall, ltt-ll:
Sofala beat Wattles. 5-3; Mark Twain beat
Frisky Bey. 5-0: Black Coon beat , Texas Ma
mie 5-0; Qulta beat Colored Lady, 6-4; Conroy
beat Little Plunger, 5-2; Fenil beat Lily York,
3-2: Gold Lily beat Fannie Hughie. <M.
Fcurth round — Sofala. a bye. Viking with
drawn; Black Coon beat Mark Twain. «-3;
Conroy beat Qulta. 5-3; Gold Lily beat Fenil.
3-1.
Fifth round — Black Coon beat Sofala, 4-0;
Cor.roy beat Gold Lily. 4-2.
Deciding course — Black Coon beat Conro7,
12-1.
Rules n Favorite at Insleside Cours
ing Park and Easily Wins Stake.
BLACK COON* DISPLAYS SPEED.
Pocatelli, George Nethercott's fast
Sacramento greyhound lived up to hi3
reputation as a champion yesterday at
Union Coursing Park, by defating Fair
Tralee In three straight courses in the
si-mi-final round of the Grand National
Championship Stakes. The Sacramento
dog did not have to turn a hair and
his opponent was never in the running.
Rector won the open stake by de
fault, as Free Born was withdrawn in
the deciding course. He had several
hard trials during the day and was ex
hausted when the final round had been
reached. Palo Alto was withdrawn in
the third round, being all U3ed up from
the heat and hard courses. The hares
were lively and kept the dogs running
at a lively clip all day long. Many
short enders landed and their backers
were well repaid for their efforts. Fol
lowing are the day's results with Judge
P. J. Rellly's official scores:
Open stake, first rourvi — Frisky Barbara beat
Boots, 8-4; Tulo Alto beat Gambit fr-0; Du
hallow beat Imperious, 5-0; Ploughman beat
Wedgrewood, 7-2: Dear GaJtnn beat Foxhunter.
6-3: Bria-ht Fortune beat Richard Anton. 3-0:
High Born beat Cubanola. 14-0; Tobasco Bob
beat Rich Array. 3-2; Ruby Sankey beat Sac
ramento Boy. «-l; Our Motto beat Tralee Boy.
4-2; Rural Artist beat Texas Blackllps, 3-0;
Mickey Fre« beat Pasliaccl. 5-2; Rector beat
Texas Jill. 6-0; Sea Lion beat Piker, 13-«;
Cloverdale beat Rapid Water. 11-4; Honest
John beat Frank Dunn. 11-8; Homer Boy beat
Aggie W. 8-1: Roy Hughie beat Golden For
tune. 6-2: The Referee beat Fontenoy, 4-2;
Real Article beat Rose of Gold, 4-0; Rene
gade Apache beat Frisco Lad. «J-0; Vandal beat
Master Rocket, 5-3; Rich Argosy beat Golden
Links. 3-1; Free Born b?at Red Rock. S-4;
Terah beat Dcnnybrook. 3-2; Uly Wrigrht beat
Haphazard. 7-5; Sir Wlnton beat Terra Cotta,
3-1; Lost Chord beat Friendless Boy. 6-1: Snap
per Garriscn beat Joe Pasha. S-l: Rocker Arm
beat Texas Hoo Hoo. 7-3; Amandan beat Lord
Braze*. 4-3; Real Pasha beat Gold Chain. ::-•>.
Second rouryl — Palo Alto a bye. Frisky Bar
bara withdrawn; Duhallow beat Ploughman.
5-0; D:cr Gaston beat Bright Fortune. 23-10;
High Born beat Rich Array, 5-0; Our Motto
beat Ruby Sankey, 4-2; Mickey Fre« beat Ru
ral Artist. 3-o; Rector a bye. Cloverdale with
drawn; Sea T.Jon beat Honeat John. 7-1; Ho
mer Boy beat Roy Hug-hie, 0-7: The Referee
beat Real Article, 7-3 : Vandal beat Renegade
Apache. 3-1: Free Born beat Rich Argosy, 7-1;
Tcrah beat Lily Wright. 3-2: Loot Chord beat
Sir Wlnton. 11-7: Rocker Arm b*-at Snapper
Garrison. 5-0: Real Pasha beat Amandan, 4-0
Third round — Duhallow a bye, Palo Alto
withdrawn; High Born a bye. Dear Gaston
withdrawn: Mickey Free beat Our Motto. C-3;
Rector beat Hinwr Boy. 4-0: Sea Lion beat
Th* Referee. 13-10: Free Corn beat Vandal.
5-1; Terah beat Lost Chord, 3-2; Rocker Arm
beat Real Pasha. «U4.
Fourth round — Duhallow beat High Born.
4-0; Rector beat Mickey Fre». 4-3; Fre« Born
beat Sea Lion. 7-4: Terah b?at P.ocker Arm.
Fifth round— Rector beat Duhallow, 5-3:
Frre Born beat Terah. 7-5.
Deciding course — Rector wins by default.
Free F.orn withdrawn.
Grand National Championship stakes — S»mt
final roi-nd — Pooatell! beat Fair Tratee. 4-A»:
PocatMH beat Fair Tralei;. 3-2; PocateiU beat
Fair Tralee, 4-2. "•»
Free Born Is Withdrawn in
the Final Round After
Running Well During Day
The opening cricket match of the sea
son of 1904, played on the Alameda
ground between the Alameda and the
San Francisco County elevens yester
day, was won by the latter by 77 runs,
with six wickets to spare.
The Alameda cantain won the toss
and put the San Francisco County
team in.- Sloman was out leg before
wicket when the score stood at 9 runs,
but when Richardson joined Kortlang
runs were made steadily, both men
California Jockey Club Dis
tributes $440,000 Among
Owners — Jennings Leads
THOUSANDS IN PURSES
OPEX EVENT FOR RECTOR
Record-Breaking Average
for Racing Season Which
Closed on Saturday Last
Have a Margin of
Seventy-Seven
Runs.
thousand spectators e3vv the limit of
poor ball at the Twenty-fourth street
grounds, this afternoon. When young
I*ruhot had been knocked out of the
box .in the third inning and Butler
was taking his turn at being slaugh
tered the lots enthusiastic fans sadly
v.f»*'+j'. xh«;ir homeward way. Of the
twecty-or't hits made by the Oakland
es? five *f«re two-baggers. Schlafley
made f)»- ' -raris from four hits. The
score:
.r'cftlar.t. - ! Oakland —
. A.B- R. H. Y.A:\ A.n. R. H. H.A.
t)rrr»an,rf .'1110 Ganlry.rf 5 2 3 0 0
Mi<:r<l.rf 4 0 2 10 5 1 3 2 £
rudcau.ir 4 112 0 Krugcr.cf & Z \ 3 1
?iec<'.b- ' a l U '¦• Mrkrnn.lf 3 3 2 3 0
t •< rs < - ". 4 4 .- >.:-.\ :_b r. s 4 3 2
<a*tr/j.rH 4 0 0 2 1 SuHb.lb 5 14 8 0
trn-rie.Ub 4 0 10 3 iJevf-r.Sb 5 0 2 .< 4
Ffsman.e 4 O 0 S 2,Lchman.c 4 115 1
I^ruhct.p 0 0 0 0 J Uuchan.p S 0 1 0 1
tutlcr.p. 3 0 2 0 31
" • Totals 42 13 21 27 12
:TcU1« 30 2 0 27 141
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 2
r.sp» bits 211020012— M
Oakland 0 1 4 3 1 2 0 4 0 — 15
Uase Rits 1 3 3 4 2 2 2 4 0 — 21
• . EUHMABT.
Sficrinc* hlU— McCreetfie. Ganlcy. Franck«.
Mockiicau. F.rrorf -^ Drennaa. McCreedie,
J*^t-nccr. Eutlw, Cartro. Francki, Strelb,
Uuchanan. Earned runi>— Portland 1, Oakland
4.. Stolen ti.M.- — Spencer. • Hchlafley. Ganley.
i^trr ib. Base< on balU — Off Uruhot 1, off
1: • :...:;:• r: 3, cT! Butler 2. Struck out — By
iJruhot 2. by liurhanan 2. by Butler 1. T»o
baft if.ie — Schlsfley. Krur^r. Hutler, Dever
• aux. rranci#. Motklrcan <2>. Hit* — Off Dru
hnt C, off !;.;:!.•• 15, oSf Buchanan 9. Double
plays — Steclm&n to Spencer. • Krurer to
Lm on baac*— Portland 10, Oakl£nd
«¦ Hit by pitcher— By Druhot. Passed ball—
*>"hn»an. Flr*t hc*e on error* — Portland 2,
Oakland. 3. Wild pitch — Druhct. Time of
came — one hour and tUtr-Sve minutes. Um
plxe—liuzton.
Oaklanclcrs Mate Twenty-One Hits,
Including live Two- Badgers.
' PORTLAND, Or., May S. — Four
J»OO'K GAME IX THE XOKTII.
support was bad and altogether the
Angels enjoyed themselves immensely
while they were engaged in the little
liacas with the locals. Th?ir headlong
rush at the end of the week won
for'-them the series and put them with
in striking: distance of second place.
The bis Doc opened up the game
•with passes galore, for he was as wild
£s c any Sioux chief. "He had a bad
night." quoth some, and others thought
it must be stage fright. At all events
his wildness ceased as soon as men
got on bases and he became busy and
•showed the fans a few.
The Angels reached Mr. Jones in the
fjfth. Chase singled, but Spies forced,
him at second. He stole" and arrived
on Toman's single to left. In their half
of* the/ same round th? locals got their
only run. Leahy made those present
gla'J with a two-base cJout to left. Hil
tlebrand shot one to Flood and the ball
"took a_ bad bounce, going out to right.
X^eahy" was held back by Yerkes, oth
erwise he could have scored easily. H-
finally did land when "Waldron was be
ing put out. Flood to Toman.
If appeared for a minute as though
j.he deadlock mipht remain for a while,
birr such was not the case, for the
Anpels got in and broke it up during
¦the jk xt .round. Flood beat out a bunt
and. Smith smashed the ball out to
• right- for two bags. Cravath landed
trWnr both with a drive to center, good
for half the distance. In the eighth the
.last one came through when Massey
made a mlsplay at first and allowed
.Cravath t<> register. The score:
. San Francifrcc — I Lo* Ar.jre'.^s —
• AB. It. H. P. A.I AH. R. H. P. A.
JHilde'd-.lf 10 14 0 Toman fe 5 0 1 3 2
*V»M:fcCf 4 0 0 1 tHVhw'r.rf; O 1 2 0
MCM'jr.ff 4 0 O 2 O Flood. 2b. 5.1 13 3
Jru-'iTi.::b. 2 O « 2 1 Fmith.Sb 5 12 11
Mmmsr.Xh 4 « o 0 0 cravh.cf 4 12 4 0
A4'mm£b 4 o o 2 (» Rom. it. 2 <» <• 4 o
i'.iUer. ss. 2 « 0 3 3 Chase.lb. 4 0 3 3 0
I^ahy.c. 4 12 7 1 FpieB. *.. 4 1 0 7 1
»V..r.e.5-.j... 3 0 0 O 3, Kcwton.p 4 0 0 0 1
•Gcrlon.. 1 t» 0 0 0 , ¦ —
: — Totals. 38 IMS S
Tota'«.29 1 3 27 8
/Uatud lor Jor.es.
RUNS AND HITS CT INNINGS.
Lo» 'Ar^ete* 0 0 0 0 1 2 0 1 0 — 4
R*fc« hits <t 1 0 0 2 3 1 3 0 — 10
San Francisco ...O00O1O00 0 — 1
. Bat* hits 0 0002 0 1 0 0—3
- . SL'MMART.
S5tC!e-ft !.i-»-> — WalJrcn (2). Spies. Errors' —
ttrUe. SIa*wy. Aniorson. Milier. Tu-o-base hits
— Ltufcy. Smjth. Ora^-ath (2). First base on
irrori, — Lcs Angles. 2. Firft ba*<? on called
ball* — Off Newton, fi; ctt Jone?, 2. Left on
besei — Lo« Angeles. 6: San Francisco, 7. Struck
oi^t— Ey New t-n. t; ty Jor.pg 6. Hit by pitch
er—Miller. Wild pitch — Newton. Time of
Sa.n.e— l.ii. Umpire— McDonald.
Uncle Blanked All the Waj
t-iaii naa i_nc;es band chased to
the bench before they got ready to
tbke a crack at the ball in the morn-
Ing "contest at Oakland. Few could
connect with the offerings of the big
fallow and those that did were left on
the bases, as no one couM bring them
ifi. Wha!en pitched pretty good basc-
Ball,. but errors proved his undoing.
.Ml three committed by the locals cost
runs. The score:
lx* Ain:elet — I San FrandFro —
An. U. H. P. A AB. It. H. P. A.
T';rr.an.!>s 4 <t 1 O I H!I(*bd.lf 4 O ft 3 0
V.h»H;!r,rf 4 2 2 0*' Widrn.cf 40030
r iood.21.. :i 1 1 7 5 Mi-any.rf 3 0 0 10
3 o « 1 4 Irwin.rjb. 3 0 2 0 0
«>a\Jh cf 4 0 0 3 OMifry.lb 3 O 2 13 0
n<j*h.lf.'. 4 115 0 Ar<*.?«n,2b 4 O O 2 2
rtaaiie.lfo. 2 O O 13 O MUW cr 4 O O 1 2
lZn£nT.e.. 3 0 O 0 0 Gorton. e. 4 » 1 4 :{
UaUjp... :s O 1 0 SlWhalcn.p 2 0 0 0 7
*Tot.-.:> VH 4 *i 21 12 Totals 31 <1 5 27 14
/BLXS AND HIT? \\Y INNINGS.
Ism Anrrin 2 l o o u l o o 0— f
\i?.*a hit* 2 2 O 0 O 1 0 1 ©— C
Ba n Krtaricco .. .00000040 O — 0
'lie**- hits 0 1 1 10100 1 — 5
' . * SUMMARY.
, Stoien teK—Toman. Error* — Tunian, Kobe,
HSldH/rar.-i. Milk-r, Waldron. Two-hase lilts —
Vli<--<»!er. Hrll. Sacrifice hits— Smith. Chase,
Flood, .'iiikxtu on trroi> — Los Ar.ptits. 2: San
I"rar<»i»co. 1. liases ctj L.a'1* — Off Hal!, 3.
Xjttt on Ua«>i« — Los AngfSe?, 3; Ran Francisco.
Si.. Struck out— By Whal*»n, 3. Hit by pitcher
— Irwin. Oimf . uouble p!ays — Flood to
r~b*.*r. Sxntih to Flood to Chase, Miller to
Uits.-T. Tlzrc of game— 1:40. Umpire—
-(PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.)
W. U Pet. W. L. Pet.
Taoeir.a 24 14 .UUi Seattle 19 17 .5JS
Oakland 23 10 .5:#0 S. FraneUco.lK 23 .433
• Loe Angeles. 24 17 :5hi Portland ... S 2"J .21«
It was Newton, Newton all the time
y<£U-rday at Recreation Park. His
name. was in every fan's mouth. They
.all wanted to see him beaten, just to
•have the pleasure of sizing him up
When defeat is his lot. But it was not
to be. He swung that mighty left of
his, around on the slab and Hank's
warriors were powerless. Score, 4 to 1.
In the morning grame at Oakland
EZAKDXVQ OF THE CLUES
The .Massive Southpaw Has
His Own Way
'When He Gets Warmed Up
. • *
$EWT0X IS A MYSTERY
Uncle Henry's Tossers Fall
''tfiurt of Tallies and Are
".Out played by Southerners
Fair Tralee Xo Match for
Sacramento Hound in the
Grand National Stakes
POCATELLI WINS
IN EASY STYLE
CALL SELECTS
MOST WINNERS
ANGELS CLIMB
UP TWO RUNGS
SAN FRANCISCO CRICKETERS
DEFEAT ALAMEDA ELEVEN
RELAY RIDDEN
IN FAST TIME
Records for Different Sec
tions of the Long Route
Are Broken by Couriers
FREE FEOM PACEMAKIXG
View the Great 'Struggle
Wheelmen on Motorcycles
Follow the Leaders and
GARDEN CITY WHEELMEN VICTORS IN ANNUAL RELAY RACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; ; MONDAY, MAY 9/ 190#.
Relay Race Winners
fear. | Winner. 1 Tlm«.
lK>3|Actne Bicycle Club |5:4S:51 2-5
1804iOarden City Wheelmen|5:22:21
1895|Bay City Wheelmen. ..|4:5«:57
lS(Kj|Bay City Wheelmen. ..14:30:12
1807|Bay City Wheelmen. .. 14:49:12
lSy8|Bay City Wheelmen,. .14:56:13
lSUO.Olymplc Club Wheelmen|4:4(5:24 2-3
lW;0|Garden City Wheelmen|4:51 :1B 4-5
1901|Garden City Wheelmen , 1:42:30
lSXttjGarden City Wheelmen|4:44:37 3-5
lOuH Garden City Wheelmen |4:M:39
10<M|Garde n City Wheelmen|4:42:43 2-5
11
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CIGARS
5tfORT 7h 'AT
Smoke- \kJ Sat/sf/es.
BOXES OTRf grWtO PKIPWj&^RCE S1ZE'73«
L.MiLLEBi50N5. 153 CHC33T 5UCtCANNOT FIND THE SHOOTER. — A. shot
from a. revolver • was flred- by. some one at
Jones and Ellis streets shortly after 6 o'clock
yesterday morning. Sergeant Shaw and Po
licemen O'Brien and Hayden searched the sa
loons and lodging-houses !n the neighborhood,
but could not get any clew to the person who
flred the shot. ¦ : ¦
Burnett's Extract of Vanilla— Used
exclusively by all leading hotels and clubs. •
He has the regular baby's feeding
bottle already in the baby seal's
nursery outfit and he watches over his
charge as well as a stepfather can
without prejudice to the others of his
seal family, which he prizes highly. '
T>uring the day there was but' one
unfortunate automobilist, L. A. Watte
' let, - to ..break the park ordinance.*. He
was enjoying the main drive when" he
came' to the conclusion that' he was
driving through parts not allowed to
aiitomobillsts. /
With the determination that lifts
high In the breast of a law-abiding
citizen . he decided to . get out of the
path and on hastening to do' so' his
auto broke down and. he, was, taken in
charge, machine and all, by Police
men J. , Harrington and • G. Merchant
Wattelet was considerately escorted
to the park police station by the po
licemen and will this morning appear
to give an explanation" before ' a Police
Judse.
Never has the great. and inviting
ocean beach presented a more ani
mated appearance than throughout
yesterday.
From early morning, when the sun
gave evidence of his genial predomi
nance over the breezes, until late in
the evening the crowds took advantage
of the exquisite weather. , The ¦ cars
were Jammed and there were strings
of automobiles . and buggies and lan
deaus - out ! in numbers never before
greater.
The park in its spring loveliness was
visited also by great and delighted
numbers and merriment, mirth, : music,
and the breath of flowers pervaded
the air. •
• Good nature was everywhere, for
every one was out basking in the sun,
and with such an idealday and sur
roundingp it would have ,beeh hard to
be anything else but \ good-natured.
Even the. great seals sported them
selves and the rolling waters of the
beautiful ocean dashed -sportively
upon the beach. .. On the pier con
nected with the Cliff House there was
also something for the people • to : see.
Captain Charles Lyon the previous day
discovered on the beach a tiny seal
not more than'.nine days old; It had
been. washed ashore, and the captain
looks upon the- strayed youngster! as
a marvel of seal beauty.
Captain Lyon Discovers Yonngster and
Becomes Father to It.
FI.VDS BABY SEAL ON BEACH.
. Angelo Gallo and F. Furino, who
live in Hinckley alley, had- a fight yes
terday afternoon and Furino was cut
three times on the face with either a
knife or. a razor. It is alleged that
while they wcr« struggling on the
ground Salvador Dicarlo struck Furino
on the head with a baseball bat. Gallo
and Dlcarlo were arrested : by Police
man Duane and .a charge of battery
was entered against Gallo. Dlcarlo
was locked up in "the tanks" pending
developments." The . tips of _ Gallo's
fingers of his right hand were cut and
were dressed at the Central Emer
gency Hospital.
Fight in Hinckley Alley.
Let what you learn In the house of a friend
be sacred. ' Yet it were no betrayal of hospi
tality to say, "He keeps Old Gilt Edge whiskey
on his buffet." Wholesale at 29-31 Battery st.,
S. F. "Wichjnan. Lutsen & Co. . •
. Mrs. M. L. Currie, 2118 Golden Gate
avenue, reported to jthe Coroner and
police yesterday the disappearance of
her son. John Kellogg Williston, on
April 26. He has not been seen or
heard of since that date. He was em
ployed in a hat store on Market street
and lived at the Waldo House on Mis
sion street. He is 35 years of age, 5
feet 7 inches tall, gray eyes and
smooth face.
31 an Reported Missing.
Kicked In -the. Face by a Horse.
, M. Garrity, residing at 1322 Harri
son .street, was injured yesterday by
being kicked in the _ face by ul horse.
Garrity was leading the animal by a
halter . and . some mischievous . boys
threw ' rocks at the animal. The
wounded man \ was treated at -the
Emergency Hospital/
y Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 80c flask Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
There is no apparent change In the
condition of the strike of fhe stablemen
and the lock-out of the hackmen. Both
sides are firm and the indications are,
according to the officers of the two
unions and the Stable and Carriage
Owners' Association, that no steps will
be taken for several days by the men
involved to bring about a settlement.
Several conferences were held bej
tween the officers of the stablemen'3,
the horseshoers' and the hackmen's
unions yesterday, but nothing was ac
complished. The stablemen decided
Saturday night to stand on their, orig
inal demands and will also stand by
the horseshoers.
According to the statement issued by
the Owners' Association, to-morrow i3
the last day for the horseshoers to re
turn to work under the old system. If
that is not done (and the men say it
will "not be done) new men will be
brought from the East at once to tak?
their places. It is the intention of the
union men to warn the horseshoers
throughout the East to keep away
from San Francisco and to endeavor
to induce all men that do come here
to Join the union.
M. W. Coffey, president of the Hack
men's Union, was busy all day yester
day with the. different labor leaders in
the qity, and expressed belief that the
union would win out in the end as its
members had been locked out by the
owners and had not gone out of their
own accord.
The horseshoers do not intend, at the
present, at least, to go back to work
while the trouble is pending, with the
drivers. Some of the men are anxious
to settle the differences at once and ef
forts will be made to-day to bring that
about. As ' the trouble stands at the
present time, it is a triangular affair
with the owners at each corner. With
the backing o£ the Citizens'Alllance the
owners expect to dictateXhe terms upon
which the man can return to work.
There is very little Indication of a com
promise being reached.
FORESTERS GIVE PICXIC.
Court- Magnolia No. 29, Foresters of
America, gave a picnic at San Jose
Schuetzen Park yesterday. About
1500 were present and all had a good
time despite the exceedingly hot
weather, and. eighty-eight gate prizes
were awarded.
Many; people from Palo Alto and
San Jose attended, and- though the
trains were crowded with picnickers
good-order and jollity prevailed.
Thurston and McClnre in Trim.
"Dutch" Thurston and Mike Mc-
Clure have completed thtffr training for
their fifteen-round contest at Oakland
to-morrow night and they are resting
until r the gonfr-serida them on- their
Queensberry journey. Both have
trained faithfully and are in good
shape and ; both are equally confident
of winnins'the laurels. The men have
agreed to weigh in at Corbett's at 3
o'clock to-morrow. The weight' limit
is 148 pounds. The ten-round pre
liminary between Danny Sullivan and
Fred Nutting of Australia promises to
be an interesting event. RRfi
• He wanted to see Indian pueblos, so
he went to Chicago on the Santa Fe.
She wanted to see wonderful mountain
peaks and valleys, so she went to Chi
cago on the Santa' Fe. Ten thousand
Callfornians want to see the Infcompara
blc Grand Canyon of Arizona. They may
do so easily on the way to the World's
Fair — but only on the Santa Fe. If in
terested, ask about a trip on the "Cali
fornia Limited" at 641 Market street,
San Francisco. ¦ ,
The Santa Fe is the Scenic "Way. •
The Scenic Way.
Stablemen Stand Out for
Demands Made on Owners
of Hacks and Carriages
HACKMEN FAIL
TO COMPROMISE
Alfred Wilkins, formerly a clerk
employed at the tobacco stand at Fifth
and Howard streets, has been missing:
for a fortnight from his home and
family. On Saturday, April 23,. he left
home with 51 in his pocket and his
wife has not since heard of him. He
left her and their two children in des
titute circumstances. Mrs. Wilkins
says that he was in good health and
had no family troubles or other cause
for worrying, so far as she knows, ex
cept that he had not been able of late
to obtain regular employment. For sev
eral days before he left, she adds, he
seemed to have something on his mind
that he would not tell her, fearing to
cause her trouble.
Wilkins is about 47 years old, of
medium height and build.""- He- has a
sandy mustache^ and brown, hair. -He
is a native of Janesville, Wis., and has
lived in Charles City, Iowa. Mrs. Wil
kins believes he may have gone East
in hope of obtaining employment.
Their home, up to the time of his dis
appearance, was at 1632*Folsom street,
but since then the wife has taken her
children to a room at 716 Turk street,
in order to be nearer her employment.
From His Home nnd Family
for a Fortnight.
Alfred Wilkins^ Has Been JUissing
HUSBAND LEAVES \V7FE
AND HIS TVVO CHILDREN
The plan' to illuminate the lower
portion -of Geary street, between
Kearny and Powell, by arc lights will
be carried into effect to-night. Yes
terday, the Central Light and Power
Company, which has the contract for
the lighting, had a gang of men em
ployed along . the street in. front of
Union Square, erecting iron poles, from
which the lights^on^tha^ side of the
street will be hung, and* It expects to
have this work completed early this
afternoon. " /
The company's contract.- 'provided
that the street should be illuminated
last Saturday' night,' but the power
company was unexpectedly confronted
by an obstacle in the shape of an ob
jection from the Pacific Bell Tele
phone Company to the' use of its poles
in front of Union Square. As a re
sult the Board of Supervisors had to
be appealed to for a permit to erect
separate poles. There will be forty
seven arc lights along the sides of the
street, directly over the sidewalks.
The plan is part of a general one in
augurated by the Geary-street Im
provement Club for bettering the con
ditions of that thoroughfare.
Electric Light Company.Ready to Ful
fill Its Contract With the Im
provement Club.
LOWER GEARY STREET TO
BE ILLUMINATED TO-NIGHT
dirty and the attending physicians have
grave fears that blood poison will set
in, in which event death is sure to
result.
Professor McAdle's figures for yester
day's highest were two degrees above
the previous maximum for the -sum
mer. On April 10 he recorded 84 degrees
as the high point. The addition of, the
two degrees yesterday made more dif
ference than most people expected,
especially In view of the fact that the
fierce sun was not tempered by any
cooling breeze. What stray breaths of
air there were came from the east.
They brought to the city dwellers, a re
minder that the great valleys of the
Sacramento and the San Joaquin are
already settling down to business for
the summer, and that the wheat fields,
vineyards and orchards, where lies the
wealth of the Jitate, are, under the fer
vid rays of old Sol, preparing another
harvest exceeding in riches the mines
of the Sierras. Throughout the valleys
the thermometers stood at 90 or a little
higher.,
So far as the coast was concerned,
however, the hot wave was not a wide
one. San Francisco had to bear the.
brunt of it, the cities both north and
south getting off with several degrees
less. Everywhere west of the Rockies
the temperature was lower than in San
Francisco, which thus enjoyed — rather
did not enjoy — the rare experience of
being the hottest town on the Pacific
slope.
The residents of the city made it evi
dent that they appreciated the situa
tion. The rush to the park, the beach
and to near-by resorts across the bay
is reported by railway and- steamboat
authorities to have established a new
record — a record tha,t testified not only
to the oppressiveness of life within
doors under the unusual heat, but to
the rapid growth of the city. All day
long the cable and electric people had
their hands full, and success in reach
ing the Cliff or Golden Gate Park meant
a preliminary period of torture In over
crowded cara. Once at the park or the
seaside, however, the perspiring multi
tude found enjoyment unalloyed in the
cooler airs that failed to reach the
heart of the city. ~ „
All . down the beach* from the Cliff
House the strand was crowded for
more than a mile with thousands and
tens of thousands of men, women and
children — especially children — who
thronged as closely as possible to the
cool waters of the ocean. In the park
every ehady walk and grove was hunt
ed out by loitering pleasure seekers,
who sought refuge from the heat of
the sun. At every ferryand boat land
ing crowds gathered to make their
flight across the bay to places of rec
reation and more endurable tempera
ture. Thev knew that up on Tamal
pais, where the thermometer reached
only 78, there would be a bracing wind
with life in it. A few boarded fishing
craft or strav boats for the far-away
Farallones, where they needed, their
overcoats, the mercury declining to go
above 63 at the hottest part of the day.
The crowds crossing the bay to dif
ferent points were the greatest known
in the city for many years. Every boat
to Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley And to
points adjacent to Sausalito and- San
Rafael ferries was packed from early
dawn up till 3 o'clock p. m.
Sergeant Mahoney, who for many
years has had charge of the forces at
the Ferry building, said that in all the
firne he had been there he had never
seen anything: like the crowds that
passed through the gates yesterday. v
The exodus to the Sausalito and Mill
Valley district was unprecedented,
crowds beginning to arrive, there as
early as 9 o'clock. Every car on the
Mount Tamalpais road was brought
into service, and even then it was
found difficult to transport - the unex
pected volume of business. Besides' the
people who went by train to Tamal
pais, there were several hundred who
made the ascent afoot. *
. Yesterday was the hottest day of the
season. The Government thermome
ters on top of the Mills building regis
tered 86 degrees aUthe middle of the
afternoon. This would be mild for St.
Louis, Washington, New York or Chi
cago, even thus early in the summer,'
but it made the average denizen of the
Pacific Coast metropolis "kick." San
Franciscans, who are blessed with some
Imagination, were yesterday enabled by
a slight exercise of that faculty to
realize what life is in the Eastern
cities during about five months of the
year.
The evening sessions of the reunion
will occur at the Academy of Sciences,
where interesting medical and dental
papers, illustrated by the stereopticon,
will be read and fully discussed.
. Nearly a hundred clinics have been
arranged for. These will be given by
prominent members of the profession
in California and from other States.
As attendance of fully 500 is expected.
Manufacturers from all parts of the
United States will exhibit novelties
lately introduced, as well as standard
goods. To these exhibitors Wednesday,
the third day of the session, will be
given over. Many of the visitors will
attend the graduating exercises of the
dental department at the new Greek
Theater at Berkeley.
The State Association of California
Dentists. and the Alumni Association of
the Dental Department- of the Univer
sity of .. California will this year, combine
their annual meetings. A joint session
and'union clinic will be held'on'May 16
to 19 inclusive, these dates having been
selected to avoid conflict with the In
ternational'Dental Congress, which will
occur at St. Louis beginning on August
1. The day sessions, which are to be
entirely devoted to clinics embodying
all - that is novel and noteworthy in
dentistry, will be held In the rooms of
the Dental Cc-llege at Market and Tay
lor streets, this city.
Many prominent members of the pro
fession will take part in the meeting.
Among them will be Dr. Hart T. Gos
lee, Dr. W. Van B. Armes, Dr. C. S.
Case. Dr. P. M. Wuillemin and Dr. R.
C. Brophy, all of Chicago. Competent
experts will ;. give continuous demon
strations throughout the session of new
processes, including the latest uses of
porcelain in dental practice, as well as
of plastic gold and a gutta percha ce
ment for bridgework. Dr. Ames, an
expert upon the use of cement in den
tistry, will explain the results of hia
recent investigations and will intro
duce a novel feature in porcelain inlay
processes. Dr. Wuillemin will disduss
the use of nitrous oxide gas. Dr. Bro
phy will demonstrate the utility of gas
oline for fusing porcelain and for sold
ering. Prof. Calvin. S. Case, a special
ist in orthodontia, will demonstrate his
methods not only in correcting irregu
larities of the teeth but in "improving
the outlines and contour of the face.
Prof. Goslee has a wide reputation up
on the modern aspects of porcelain
dental art.
Charles Miller, 1309 Devisadero street,
vandered around the Richmond district
aT an early hour this morning in a nude
condition and with a deep gash in his
throat, self-inflicted. The unfortunate
rr.an was nearly dead from exposure
end loss of blood when Patrolman
Walsh found him lying in the gutter
In fror.t of the Geary street car house.
Fourth and Point Lobos avenues.
How Miller managed to wander from
his home to the Richmond district in
¦uch a condition is a mystery. He was
first eeen by a fireman in the engine
"house at Locust and First avenues.
The fireman notified Patrolman Walsh
end the latter started off to find the un
fortunate creature. VTalsh walked
several blocks before he discovered, the
wounded man in the gutter in front
6i the car house.
Miller was unconscious from exposure
end loss of blood and at first he was
thought to be dead. He regained con
eeiousnes? after some minutes and was
n moved to the 1'ark Emergency Hos
pital, and later to the Central Emer
gency Hospital.
" At first the unfortunate man refused
.U> talk, but finally he admitted to Chief
"Surgeon Miller that he had become de
rpondent after a weeks debauch and
had cut hia throat with a small pen
lcr.ife and then wandered about the
Kircets naked.
He presented a ghastly sight when
taken to the hospital. He appeared to
have lost his reason and acted like a
rhild that did not understand what had ;
happened.
Upon examination it was discovered
that the wour.ds which Miller had in
flicted in his throat are not necessarily
fatal, but the knife was rusty and
The bodies of two men are lying on
slabs in the Morgue, and whether self
destruction br> accident caused • their
deaths' is not yet knowni althcrugh In
one case circumstances point to sui
cides - '.' .. ¦ -y-, ' ¦ / . ¦ !
Yesterday morning H.- A. .Grenman
and his son Bert, who live near Ba
kers, Beach, saw. the body of a man
lying on the beach at the , foot of a
cliff, about. 200 feet high, near Lands
End. They notified the Morgue, *and
Deputy Coroner Fennell drove "the
wagon as close to the scene as possible.
A rope had to be procured, and after
it r was tied to a rock on top of the
cliff Fennell and' Grenman- descended,
mid after ¦ fastening r the body to the
end of the rope it was pulled up by the
crowd that had gathered and conveyed
to the Morgue. Edward Heins, who
has .av peanut stand at Lands End,
saw" the victim seat himself on i the
edge of the cliff about nine o'clock
yesterday morning. It was supposed
at Jirst that he had accidentally fallen
to the bottom, but Ivan P. Shutich,
president t?f Waiters* Union No. 30;
who identified the body as that of; M.
Marinovich, said that Marinovich had
told him two or three weeks ago that
he was tired of life. Marinovich used
to'be secretary of the union.
•L. C. Gram, yardmaster of the South
ern Pacific Company, •- notified the
Morgue yesterday morning that the
body of a man had been discovered
under an empty freight car at Fifth
and Townsend streets. Deputy Coroner
McCormick went for the body, and it
was so tightly jammed that the wheels
of the car had to be taken off before
it could be dragged out. The man had
met death e"arly yesterday morning,
while a train of empty cars was being
shunted alongside the sheds at Fifth
street to be loaded. He had evidently
been struck at Fourth street and drag
ged a block. There was nothing
in his pockets that would give a clew
to his identity. He was about 35 years
of age and his clothing showed that he
had been a laboring man.
The Journeymen butchers of the P.
and B. Associatlon^migrated In swarms
of thousands with .their wives, chil
dren and friends to El Campo yester
day, where they spent the entire day
playlag games and wandering about the
green hills.
As the day was perfect, many more
people attended the picnic than were at
first expected and the large river
steamer. J. D. Peters, was kept busy
transporting the pleasure seekers to
the scene of festivities.
The happy feeling of recreation pre
vailed over the entire crowd from the
moment that the big: steamer started
on her first trip to El Campo until she
tied up at the Washington street dock
after having delivered the last load of
people to the city. The piano on board
was kept busy working all day and
those that could sing or play other In
struments crowded around.
At the camp luncheon was served,
after which the picnickers contested for
bowling prizes. Many high scores were
rolled and the following eleven men re
ceived prizes: Miller, Marks, Miesner,
Blumenthal, Pachtner. Osswalt, Jar
ders, Toni, Behling, Johnson and Baker.
A vote was next taken to decide who
was the most popular boss butcher in
the city. John W. Danz received the
highest number of votes. There are to
be 166 prizes awarded to those whose
tickets bore lucky numbers. The prizes
will be given out to-day at the Bay
City Market.
Well-Known Practitioners
of Profession Expected
From the Eastern Cities
Crowds Larger Than Ever
Before Known Throng to
Park and Cross the Bay
Liquor Drives Unfortunate
Man to Attempt Suicide
With Rusty Pocketknife
Victim of Railroad Cars
Is Found in the Yards
at V Fifth and Townsend
John W. Danz Is Voted the
Most Popular Boss Butch
er in San Francisco
EXPERTS WILL LECTURE
MANY TAKE OUTINGS
LIES DOWN IN GUTTER
SUICIDE IS PB&BABLE
MAjST PEIZES AWARDED
Charles Miller Cuts Throat
' and Stalks Bleeding and
Dazed Through the Streets
Thousands Enjoy Day Spent
in the Green Fields and
Hills Around El Campo
Dead;Body of M: Marinovich,
a Waiter, Is Discovered on
Beach Near Xands End
Members of -State Association
and ; University Dental
Alumni to Meet Together
Yesterday the Hottest of the
Season, With 'Thermome
ter Up to Eighty-Six
NAKED MANIAC
WANDERS ABOUT
DENTISTS WILL
COME FROM FAR
BUTCHERS GIVE
LARGE PICNIC
TUMBLES DOWN
A HIGH CLIFF
CITY SWELTERS
UNDER THE SUN
THE SAN 'FRANGISGO;^CALI;, ; -MONDAY; v MAY 9, 1904.
12
P^FANTS^iINVALID?^
Pale babies become rosy and
pretty babies when fed on
Mellin's Food. Mellin's Food
strengthens.
70 beautifully printed paces of helpful hints
about "The Care and Feeding of Infants,"
bound in cloth, will be sent you free if you
ask for it.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
i jTfd Perfect Fitting f*/y
iy Eyeglasses cM
/j. At Moderate Cost (\
V 642
$200 Reward
For the arrest and conviction of any on»
assaulting members or employs* of * tbis
association cr destroyloe property belonr-
lns to them.
[citizeVsallunc^
Report promptly to ths Law Departmsat.
Citizens' AUUnce. 217 Crossley bulldlnx.
EXECtmVE COMMITTEE.
CITIZEM3" ALLIANCE.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GU&KANTSSD CTTEE FOR J4E2T
HABMIE5S IN JECTIOIT. Cures ordinary
cases In a teir days. Warranted to cur»
worst cases. NO OTHE3 TKEATaiHT
EEQPIBED. Prevents and Cares Stric-
tures. PREVENTS COriTAOION. Harm-
less. $2. 00 for both bottles. For nal* only
g. S. KEMY'S PKftltMACT, IPS Eddy.
tf^ 0B0^ Outfits. Guns. Araauni-
8 ¦ * 4 nSal 1 n - Flshln K an^l Outing
H ¦¦ BUjSV Gocfis. "IVntd and Cum t>->
Blfc^RwS Rpnt - CATALOO FI5KE
Mf II I II SHREVE&BAnBEUCo"
73» Market st.
" S21 Kearny st.. S. T.
EADWAY'S EEADY RTrr.TTTP has stood
¦ unrivaled betoro the public for SO years as &
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sor* Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Iatsrnallv
lor MalarU and aU Bowel Pain. AH 4rurxl«j.
bflBEOBdMiMBK'.- '
ADVEBTISEMEZITS.
Goldberg Bowen & Co.
•p»|-|wjr» RTG Articles sold at Special Sale prices
* *¦* *^ OX\j unices ordentd with other goods will not
. QUALITY STORES be delivered C. O. D.
Quality and Price Sale AH the Week
. I We recommend it confidently, because many
' j Bte of our best customers speak of it highly. Their
Brand praise, added to our own judgment of what is
. Cejlon g 00C j tea ma i<es evidence in favor of Bee Brand.
. _ The teas are all packed in lead foil, quarter,
/half and one pound packages, and those from the
Coombroo Garden "Queen Bee" are packed in fancy Cey-
lonese baskets— Per lb 50c— 60c— 80c— si— try it.
Table Butter 2 squares for 85 Coffee— Java & Mocha 37}4
2 lb — full weight Flavor unsurpassed 5 lb can 1.95
Hams— Old Dominion 13J4 Pasha Blend-Reg'ly35db 27^
Every-one guaranteed — reg'ly 16c lb Good for small black coffee
Gelatine— Cox 2 for 25 Teas— Reg'ly 60c lb 45
Standard for years— reg'ly 15c All flavors but Bee.
Pine-apple-Oval 3 cans 35 „ bran> C '>" on I * Z I
¦ ¦ FerfnLc K -* ra .ed- 1.25 Cap,rS-Capo.«-r eg My 20c bot 15
cocktail— reg'ly $1.50 doz Bl I'd Pate' -Reg'ly 25c can 20
Apples— 3 cans 25c doz 1.00 Partridg --quail-grouse-duck
I pmons-R^'iv 2v doz is Devilled Tongue 25
Lemons— Keg ly loc doz lb Reg ,, y can ° Undcr%vood . s
.Lard— Sea Foam * fa 10. TabaSCO Sauce-reg'ly40cbot 35
Reg'iy 45c <0c $l.So
special 35c <i0c 1.10 Feri'lS BaCOn— Ree'Iy 23c lb 21
Chutney— R. B. & Co. pt30 Sweet-aisp-delicious
- Bombay— reg'iy 40c— goc qt 50 Dundee Orange Marmalade
Ammonia-Qts 20c . * gal 35 prcserve " 22j4
* Greer's-reg'ly 25c-50c Mackerel-Monterey Bay 15
Prunes— Italian 4 lbs 25 Mustard— souse— reg'ly 20c can
• Rich-tart fruit-reg'ly 10c lb CaipOllO Polish 20
•Salad Dressing— Reg'ly 30c bot 25 For gold and silver— reg'ly 25c cake
Sierra Madre-mayonnabe Curry Powder-RegMy 15c 2 for 25
-Bovril — Beef extract 27»4 Vencatachellum— genuine flavor
• Fluid— reg'ly 35c— 65c jar 60 Egg Noodles— California 10
Plllled. FigS— Smyrna 1.10 Regly toe package
• Regly $1.50— box 5 lbs Paprika— Hungarian— arrived
•Vanilla Extract-GB&Co 2 oz 20 candv Rro'wunru, sn
Use just a little-reg'ly 25c-50c 4 •« -tf *- anav -Reg ly 40c lb 30
. ~ Pecan — walnut and peanut crisps
FruitS-Alcalde 3 cans 50 Chocolate Chips-Phelp's 30
AH but cherries and pears 1.90. n ... V. „ .
reg'ly *2.25 dor VBnllantine— Pinaud's 25
"Pea Beans-white-dean 6^25,.
Reg'ly 4 lbs 25c ' Kublfoam — Tooth wash 17#
Sardines-Boneless 27|i Hamame%-Witch-hazer extract
Lareran-res'ly 32*0*3.75 doz 3.25 ™™™ l5c fifrfc
Sardines-Ispa-i-Ss, reg. 15c, 2 for 25 r M fkpr« '
Good fish-Judlc " 10c 3 for 25 o 7 ci Re *' ly «j*cu:
f *„,.«»• n^a^rM-r,* Ro y aI Sodas_i lb carton 10c 3 for 25
Liquor Department S now Flake •• « 20c 15
Whisky— G B & Co. for $2 Water or Wine-2-lb can 30c 25
Reg'ly $1.00 bottle-$4 gallon 3 High Teas t^;' 50c 40
Claret— v v Zinfandel Window Screens Opea 18x320
'Reg'ly Tw* "rSo 1 75*J Oak frame-reg'ly 25t-35c « « , s, 35
. specui 1.40 2.25 50c white Enameled Ware
Imported Sherry— Pearl 75 «*-i y .,*•!' - ¦•««v«pc-i
Reg'ly $l bot-$4 gal 3 Mugs— 20c 15c Plates 15c 10
Scotch WhiskV— V O S SI Soa P P«sh-25c 20c Pitcher 75c. 60
DC^-Like a Hqueur-reg.$i. 25 bot. Bakin^" 2° c c«P* Saucer 25c" 20
Sweet Wines— California 35 Felt Shoe Pol isher-Reg'iy 35c 20
JAyscatel— Angelica— Malaga 1.10 Ceiiincr or W^ll Rrmh kr
Madeira-Re 2 My 50c bot-,1.50 gal Ce^ g b S s r tl e-fe e M y B fc S U
Syrup-Raspberry-Strawberry 40 Handle-ioft-reg'ly 25c • 15
Grenadme-Lemon-Orgeat ) 35 . '
Pineapple-Sarsaparilla-Gum } 1.20 Order, your country supplies here
Vanilla— reg'Jy 50c bot-$1.50 gal ) Don't run risks — you can depend
Salutaris Water quarts 15 S n the ,5 ualLty °! /^-Safe
Reg'iy 20c-$2.25 doz i 75 P ackin g a^d prompt delivery — of
D • , „ .,, n P^rJ man y y ears experience shipping
Peachona-Reg'ly $1.25 bot .£g£ r I out of town orders.
Porcelain refrigerators—Tile and crystal lined ..— : cast
brass with nickel plated mountings — "ornamental —
durable-— practical. Illustrated Catalogue free.
2 sutie?s^ Franclsco - : : : Tele R hone Private Exc S an^
2829 California SL " ... " VVest 101
Cor. 13th and Clay St. Oakland, - • ** Main 1 .
AP YEBTISEatENTS.
ADVEBTISEICENTS.'
SPECIAL VALUES
/,: THIS WEEK IN
FOUR DEPARTMENTS.
* Full assortment or "Fancij Tweeds" ani ir Scotcn CheY-
lots," In mixed effects, small checks and noYelto
cheYPon weaves.
v $4*50 Dress Pattern.
Good ts1u« fox 86.00
A new shipment or 44-Inch "Chiffon samlle." These we
now, have In 16 of the newest shades j also White
and Gpeam.g^
61.25 Yard.
; v *- ; " Berular rain. $1.73
Black Figured "Mohair Crlsplne," full 44 Inches wide.
These come In a good varleto or stnies and are the
new hlack material for shirt waist suits.
$1.00 Yard.
Black Noppe ''Panama Cloth." This is an entirely new
fahrlc, 46 inches wide, and comes in two prices.
$1.00 and $1.50 Yard.
COLORED TAFFETA SILK, full 21 Inches Wide. TnlS Is
a Yern superior aualltg and Is In shades of Nbyu,
Tan, Grau, Brown, Red, Reseda, Pink, Lavender,
Light Blue, Turauolse, Cream. Ivoru and White.
75c Yard.
Eoamlar vsJua $1.00 Tard
50-Inch Imported AMAZON CLOTH, a vern superior
gualltu and are In shades of Brown, NaYU,,Tani
Green, Cadet Gran and Black.
$1.00 Yard.
Good rain* for 51.83
We have also received an elegant varletn of WHITE
FABRICS In all wool and silk and wool m the new
sheer materials for summer wear.
Prices 50c to $2.00 Yard.
l< WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
HU 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVEBTISEMENTSw
gGENUINE KONA, ttcts. POUND W
mM SPECIAL MOCBA and JAVA,25cts. POUND |1|
faR^H Lower Prices for Larger Lots & 'spa
|a«feKpl Price List VWeineci on Request 11 .Wvl|
jllllg 1 45 Stocktw Street,. near 6eary 5^ pr anc j SC o §N|$j